 

 

 

Issurd W:eA~,*y.  .ul~.;n;.'n u :’.>_,..;cr ~.mr. /;r.'.’:‘n'.(' .1» .31.‘ mr..4.4‘, .1/urn .:r I/xv .‘»'. )2 /‘us! ug/in‘. I‘. .\'1 I<I.L1 as .\.\1I’l H. ,7,-a,  .‘r 12:1; .I:w., .‘.'. Y.

No.534 NEW YORK, men 23, pm. M TPriTce,AFive Cents

  7?/4 ﬂaruoe. 0/=4-
 vs-~..‘W/aA(£'An{7:z’;

>7

Nick seized Starbuck in his arms, lifted him bodily and leaped with his burden away from the machine.
and they fell together through the intervening space to the roof of Nick Carter‘s house.

    

 

N gxifw

@A° an

   

lR][l@l}’ti

:58!‘ WNW. By JIM-‘rlﬂftbn .I‘:.go per year. Entered as Second-class Matter 4! the N. Y. Past Oﬂia. by STREET & SMITH. 7o-a; Seventh Awua, ,
N. Y. Eutéed according to Act 0/ Congress in the year may. in the Oﬂice 0/ (be Laﬁrankuu of Glngress, Waslu'ug1ou. D. C. ’

EKLY

 

   
 

_Nq'. 534.

NEW YORK, March 23, 1907.

Price Five Cents. ;' =2

OR,

Nick Cartlei-’sl‘ Fourfold Problem.

 

  

Edited by CHICKELRING caaraa. -_ 

    
    
     
     
     
    
      
 
  

.3 . CHAPTER 1.
‘A WOMAN OF MYSTERY.

ve been a jailer all my life, Mr. Carter. My father
jailer before me. I might with perfect‘ truth say

 
 

hi.-.w about prisons at the age ‘when a ﬁsher-

waould learn to‘ handle a boat, and yet I may

”ve,tnever heard of an escape like this one.”

 tapped his pencil meditativelygupon the
or a time silent. ' I A .

J ﬁetfdiregztlyi at the affaiprfl he said’ at last.

 with the information that the woman.

'   Mysterious, -~I, believe you have

 Then, when I ask you how she

 npiy with an apology for your
. ‘v 7 4,, NOW""'—"’: 1‘ 5

M’ way, Mr: Carter.”

  

  

  

  
 
 
   

to CR.“

 
    

iéilnxesl Indlidtlizht
Y9 new  A

5 brought upiin a jait. I have been employed -
 and another int almost every prison in the

. just‘ said to you. It always hurts the feelings of a man

354,»: All men like to belittle e e

     

_l‘7  <

 

play tell about the time the other fellow held four queens ‘
against his own four jacks; it is always the time when he  3'1:
held the queens that he describes to you. The point is‘, '
that the woman has escaped. The question is-—how.~"' ’

“That is eaxctly what I don't.know."

“You don't know how she escaped?" .

“No.” \ . i

“I see that you are somewhat piqued about what I have

when one slights his conceit.” The detective smiled ens; 
couragingly and added:‘»“I think that I will have to. ‘
smooth down your ruﬂies a little, so I will tell you thii
I am not in the least surprised to hear that Idayah 
escaped. In fact I would not be surprised to learn  _
she went up through the roof or down through the 3003';
or dissolved into thin air‘-—-or did something that is
equally impossible to describe." 7  ' ' '
‘(That is exactly what she‘ did do," gntmbleu the M
,"Which ?” _ . ‘
"All of them.” ‘ ; 1 ‘ I.‘ '
‘The detective lattghedi  '.;_‘

   
     
   
   
     
   
    
   
  
 

  

   
    
  

  
   
    
   
  
     
  
   
 
    
  
   
   
  

shlved into thin air. Come!’ That isinteresting.‘ Now
suppose you tell me exactly what did happen.” »

‘ ‘‘‘That’s what I cannot do. I don’t know what hap
pened.” '
= '“You are a sort of assistant warden at the prison,
aren't you, Rollins ?" asked the detective. _

* "Yes. I haven’t the title, but I do the work. In
‘reality I am’ head keeper,'I suppose.”

 “All the same, you are a man in authority at the
 ﬁziiéén, aren't you ?”

‘‘\q:Yes.u

‘ .7“.And'when Cranshaw, the warden, is away, you act as
warden in his absence, don’t you?”

"“Yes.”' ' A

‘ ‘‘_And, now, I suppose you will tell me that when this
festape happened, Cranshaw was away and you were in
pofwer temporarily? No ?”

--‘I =“Yes.” .

A “Idayah is a very beautiful woman, Rollins.”

--“That's the devil of it, Mr. Carter.”

M “The devil of it. Am I to understand that she be-
Kdeviled you? Is that what you mean?”

?.:"“Something very much like it." H ' _ ' _
_ ""Come ;, let ussee if I cannot guess what happened. If
. _ I_7‘don’t’ guess somewhere near the truth of the matter, you
 me right as I proceed.”

 on,” said the jailer sulkily. He did not in the
least enjoy the somewhat bantering tone that the dc-
itective had adopted. He had an uneasy suspicion that
 det_e_ctive was guying him, and, like all conceited men,
 disliked exceedingly to be guyed. _ , I y .
I have already reminded you ofthe fact that Idayah
an extraordinarily beautiful woman," continued the de—
 lighting a fresh cigar and leaning back com-
.§o'rt3'bly ,i_n'his chair. i“IImight with truth have added
I you are rather an exceptionally good-looking man,

)3" ~ .

  

  

  
   
  
  

  

  

I don‘? thiiik you'o,ught to.mal_rc game of me, Mr.
f.’ ‘This is a very serious matte-r——for me.”

I  appreciate that; but I am trying to impress
’ iyouvtheafact that your exceptional good looks and
'  with them comprehend: the reply to my
got a. moment ago, which you informed me you

     
  
 

  is a beautiful
  are, a good-looking
, know it,”_. said  a smile. ,
’ Carteni

   

  

NEW. NICK CARTER A WEEKLY.

 she wentdown, through, the ﬂoor, and she dis« ’‘

f Ldidxiuhom so well that you ”
I  qm§t1:at this sortofe f , IV ,
; i Y" ~   1 g yrornenk as,.well&a,sJ  otherparti ff  ., a

“Yes, Rollins, ,I am joshing you\~making fun of you
——but all the same I have told you the truth even though
it is. a disagreeable one. Idayah, being beautiful, at
tracted your attention and your sympathy, and you told
her as much with your eyes and in your manner toward
her. You being good looking, lost no opportunity to
exhibit yourself to her, and also you let no opportunity
pass to exchange a word with her while she was under
your care. Now tell me the truth; isn’t that so?"

“I suppose that——well——I didn’t try to exhibit—Con-
found it all 1” , V

“I understand you. You doubtless let her understand,
without saying it in so many words, that while she was ' ‘*
in your care, you would do all that you consistently
could, to make’ things as comfortable for her as possible.
Eh, Rollins?” ' J

“Possibly I did.”

“Exactly. Rollins, Idayah is a very far-seeing young
woman. She can see just as far through the square
shaft-hole ofa millstone as anybody, and she saw and _:'
read plainly your admiration for yourself as well as for 
her—and so, having bided her time, she sent for you.
Eh? /Is that the idea?” 2 - 

“I don’t know how the ‘devil-———” I‘

“Of course you don’t. "If you did, you would be the i
detective and I would be the good-looking jailer in this I -
case.” ' ‘ ,

“Please, Mr. Carter, leave OE chaﬂing me, will you?"

“All right. If I have. succeeded in taking some of the 
conceit out of you, and have reduced you to the point .‘
where you willtell me the exact truth without embellish— :-
nient, and also without mental reservation, we'll get,
down to,the case now, and have the story just as it is-—-X
fornotwithstanding your statement of amoment ago, you ',
do know how she escaped.” - t V ‘ . l
- “I suppose I’m an ass,” saidthe jailer humbly, “and I7’
may as well begin by admitting it.” ' - ..

"That is promising,” replied the‘ detective. “Now, get
ahead with the story.” .‘g - ' '

“Cranshaw went away yesterday moming,.expectiiig
to return in the afternoon; but at about four o’clock,
when I was just about to start on my afternoon rounds,
he sent me word~4telephoned, you l<now——that he would ‘
not be back last night at ‘all. Asked me it I could loolt
out for things so that he might remain away. .I 
him—-—-" ‘ ‘. V
' “Never mind what ‘you told him. He was away; ybu
had his work to do——and when you went through ’
prison after hearing from him,  that tht '
fact was an excuse «for the exchange of a few words ‘
your fair prisoner, eh?” - ' ‘

«res.» . .

puG° our)‘. ' g ‘,1 y _ (,

“You know, of ‘course, that I have to pass throng

    
      
      
      
   
   
   
      
       
      

        
  

   
      
  
   
 
 

      
    

‘:

   

If

 
 

       
   
 
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
    
   
   
     
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
    
      
      
       
    
  
 

Yesi” ; ' ' .

v stopped a moment at the door of her cell and

 her how she was feeling. She said she was all

 Then she asked me if I would do her the favor to

V - = out for a box of candy for her. She thought that

something sweet would taste uncommonly good to her.”

' Nick laughed again.

,“You told her you would, of course,” he said; “where-

ponshe oﬁered you the money, and you pretended not

4- see it, or something f that sort, and ultimately you

sent out for the candy, w ich you sent in to her. Go on

 the tale.” *

f‘One would think that you were there”)

“Qh, no; but you are here. It is the same thing.

&’on.”

- “It was about nine o'clock last night ‘when she sent for

.  3ﬂd---~”

‘ ‘Wait a moment. _ You have forgotten one thing.”

“What is that?” ' I

"You have forgotten to tell me that you told her that

M warden was away"for the night, and that you had his

‘drk to do. You did tell her that, didn't you?”

“Yes.” . V . .

Knd  you leather the candy. At nine o'clock she
_or' Now, tell me what happened? Did she

yo‘: st. 1 d h

veapain.- ecertainymaesome e'xcuse,sotat

- _ ht it your plain duty to enter her cell, didn't

,2 ‘:5 you did enter her cell, didn’t ‘you ?"

""Now”--anii Nick’s yoice was stern and\uncompro-

_ :7-“tellvme exactly what happened.”

“~‘Slie told me that the chocolates had given her a bad

.;I could give her. She said she did not want the
, doctor. She did not care to take the things he
fld prescribe, for her; that bromo-caﬁein always
-- like magic with her when she had a headache,
T had some, or would get some for her, she would
iiamiiy obliged—i-and all that. you know.’’.

& "S

.- ._ Au that-and more.‘ Go on." _ . .

 
 

r .  she had a slight headache, but am time
 it.‘ ,This timefshe possibly fecalled the

  
 

p  it." ; 
cs. ,;§he,has_a  memory,.I’ve no doubt. You
after  and trick it to‘ her cell yourself,
M K   You thought you would go

  it, didp’t_you?”

. 79.,/. 
. ;' =.
A tllatis
es.” ‘

   

   

 ' Q“ ﬁx‘-.3 ~ v

- »- e, and she asked me if I had any bromo—caﬁ’ein _

-hand an article which in that brief glance looked to me
gnmg, I think .I had mentioned the fact toiher
  . . .. 3 ' ' I ‘your mouth tightly closed.’ ‘ -

 inside of her eell--isn't it ?” ‘

Z prised “ the 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKI.Y. ‘ 3

“No.. We haven’t begun to get at it yet. The mysteri- 3
ous part of it comes now.”

CHAPTER II.

TH E DISAPPEARING POVVDER.

“Go on, then. You returned with the bromo, and you
went inside her cell to administer it. Tell me what hap-
pened then.” i

“I mixed the bromo for her and she drank it; then

)7

“That's good. Sheris one who is willing to take her
own medicine, at least.”

“Then she dropped her glass, and of course it smashed \
on the cement ﬂoor.”

“At which you very gallantly stooped to gather up the
pieces; and then-—what did she do then? Did she rap
you on the head and knock you galley-west, or did she
sprinkle some sort of powder in your face, and so blind
you? Or did she —” i

“You hit it-—or hit at it——that second time, Mr. Car-
fer.” \ _

“Oh! It was the powder act, then, eh? I had an ex-
perience with one of her powders, once. It was not a
pleasant one, either. I remember that I was blinded, and
for a moment everything in the room and round about
where I stood seemed to fadeout of sight.”

“That is what happened to me—pr_ecisely. I will tell
you all about it.”

“Do, forgoodness’ sake.”

“I had to stoop to get at the broken glass on the ﬂoor.
I wasn’t exactly on my knees, but I was what you might ‘
call ‘squatted down,’ eh P" '1:

“That is a very classic term. Go on.” I i

I “I heard her exclairn, ‘Oh, Mr. Rollins! Look I’ and I

raised my face. ‘ As I did so I saw that she held in her

like a pubber ball. But I had only that one glance, for
she reached out, pressed it against my face, and—the
thing exploded; burst, you know.” A '
(‘Yes’), . , ~ g
‘f‘Oh,"she exclaimed, ‘I'm so sorry!’ I. was blinded; .~
I couldn't see a thing. I had the pensation of suddenly I
having lost my sight, but there was no pain, no-smartv‘
ing in my eyes, no disquietude of any kind. Then she’
spoke to me again. , ‘ h .
“ ‘If you will stand perfectly still for a few moinents
and not try to talk,’ I heard her say, ‘the inconvenience’ 9
you suffer will soon pass away. Keep your eyes open and

 

, - _. 4:
“Well, I did that. I don’t know how long the tablea

lasted. but it must have been someiﬁm¢- Time 
long under such drcunstances; but -1 Waited. with 11!?
9-7°S~wide‘open and -I was re: A‘

  

     
 
 
 

       
    

 but i.f_J V 

rt‘

 

  
  
   
  

anything at all about it, my idea was that she was also
"blinded by the accident and was doing the same that I
jg was, while waiting for the eﬁect of the strange experi-
“ence to pass. A

3; » “And so I suppose that ten minutes must have elapsed
.. '-before my vision began to return to me. The opaqueness
began to disappear; objects in the room became indis-
. tinctly visible, and then, as suddenly as the blindness had
, fallen upon me, it disappeared, and I could see as well
as ever. Now, can you guess what I saw?”

“If I should do any guessing at all it would be that you
_saw nothing save the vacant cell. Your prisoner had
_quietly stepped outside while you were standing there
' with your eyes open, thoughblinded, and your mouth
‘ I tightly closed.” «
“You are right, Mr. Carter. She had left the cell. But
_ V "even then it did not occur to me that she had made her
bcscape, or had tried to do so. I supposed she had passed
 out upon the corridor and I started forward to follow
. .,hﬂ_.,, _

- ,“And found that she had managed to lock the cell door
1 , against you?” ‘ '

‘; “And found that she had locked the door.”

“How did she secure the key?”

~‘ “In mixing the bromo for her.to take, I was obliged
.. to use both hands. I put the keys down on the edge of
‘ ‘ hél‘ cot. She had merely to pick them up and use them.
The surprising part of it was that I did not hear her close
the door or lock i .”

T'~’That is not surprising. In the first place she doubt-
less worked with extreme caution and silence; again,

 

       
        
      
      
      
     
        
 
    
     
      
 

  

   
  
 

 more or less oblivious to your surroundings——and
A  she succeeded in locking the door against you. Well,
 on with your yarn.” ,
I '_"It is almost told now. There isn’t ‘much more. As
 as I found that I was locked in, I realized what had
 I called aloud to the guard on that tier and
 the door of the cell, trying to open it. ‘I could
 I  the door, of course; and I had to call several
 before I received a reply from the guard.
*.“.‘Come here’, Conroy!’ I ordered him, as soon as he
 to He is an Irishman; a big fellow.
‘Slate, I'm as blind as a bat!’ he said. ‘When I can
3319 ‘V33? Ill! go to you. Hold your whist now; it's
  ‘shack um.v~" -

   

 
   
    

  
  
  
     
  
  

.« meandthénlﬁéundthathehadbeen servedin
,- ythesamemanna-basil. I-Iehad seenmeenter

is cell and leave the door open after me. He had
 a book-under ‘tlicflight atthe end or the
‘kuowingtixatlivhshasidetheceﬂ, he had
‘ . Aftertbathugatdinothearssound

  
 
 
  

  
 
 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ’

 mind was concentrated on your own condition, and‘

 to make a   short, he came at last, and!

. . x=%'In!ion_catall»~nntil~”lud6enly thelptfint on ;

    
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
  

else with it, and at the same time he experienced a sense
of suffocation. Not a serious one, but it was there. I
think I had a touch of it also. V ,

“But you must understand that Conroy had not heard" ‘ ”
a sound and had no idea that any person was near him, '
and therefore he attributed his trouble to anything but
the right cause. .4

“He says that he sat there thinking it over, and won- 7‘
dering what had happened to him. He was scared stilt 1’
for a moment, believing that he had’ suddenly been
stricken blind, for he had been reading about just such
a circumstance, strangely enough. And that is the end
of Conroy’s story.” .

“And almost the end of yours, as well, I suppose,”
said the detective. -

“There is a little more, but not much.” i .

“Wait. Conroy had not heard the sound of any per- i’
son approaching him?” -

“No.” ‘

“Nor seen anybody?”

(sNO;))

“Erom where he was seated, in what position was the
 located, that leads from that part of the prison?”

“It is fully thirty feet from where he was seated. The
interior of the ‘prison is an oblong‘ square. Let us say‘,
that the length of it is north and south and that Conroy I 
was seated in a chair under the light a, few feet distant 
from the southeast corner. The door leading out of that 
part of the prison is at the southwest corner, or near it.” 3

"Good. I understand. Now, relative to them, where
is the cell in which the woman locked you fast ?”

“Two-thirds or more of the distance toward the north;
end of the oblong square, and on the east side of the
prison.” = i I "

“So that Idayah, in passing from the cell to the door,
to make her escape, was obliged to "pass Conroy, where;
he was seated.”, - - I 

“No; not obliged to do so. She might have ‘gone,
around by the north end of the gallery.”  ' .

“You speak of the gallery. Alnl then to understand
that there is adoor leading out‘ of the prison, on that el,
vation ?” A

“Yes. It is ‘called the \varden’s door-because he and
I are the only ones whoever makeuse of it.” '

“Tlien I‘ suppose that it opens directly upon his private.
quarters?" . "

“It communicates with a private oflicc that he is. fan ,.
of using—-a place where he keeps his private aceountg,
writes his letters, and all _that.” "

“And the main door out of the prison-.—where is 

“Directly under the door I have descsibed. It is a mi "
larger door; the regular prison door.” , r

“How many tiers of cells are there in that partof,
P5309?’  ‘ ‘ii U. 
“Four,  one one  *3»

' 4

     
 

  

       
   
    
  

     
  
     
      
  
 

  

    
 
  
   
  
   
     
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
 

 

 Andxzhich one are we speaking about?”
I - '. second one; that is the one directly above the
m - ﬂoor.” ' A
suppose there is a gallery with a rail, which runs
, y around that oblong square.”
“Yes.” 
“Wllat is the width of that gallery?” -
"Thirty inches. The width of the inside of an ordinary

. door,” ‘. '
3, Then, if Conroy was seated on that gallery, reading
, J_ the light, the probability is that he had his chair
ttilted against the wall and his feet on the rail—-or wheth-
that is so or not,‘it is certain that he occupied too much

for Idayah to pass him without brushing against
:‘iI'ha't is certain.’,’« \ _
’,‘Therefore she must have tiptoed down to him and
war - him with the same powder she used in your case,
(1 then have gone as silently back again, and so‘ on all
" "way around the square to the door which was only
"’ I ,  feet from'him.”
 is the only way I can ﬁgure out that she was
to reach. it without his kngwledge.”

°-- you laid upon iIdayah’s cot at the time_ you freed
 _,JI8ndI inorder to open-the brornoi’
 matter of facthow many keys are on that ring,
*  an are‘--—-”" T
.  mindiwhat they are. It is not necessary. It is
 that the key to that outer door was among
You made use of the present tense in referring to
lot, which implies that you have recovered the keys.
me where you found them?”
Jvlsnbonttoexplainthatoneofthe sixkeysﬁtstbe
 front door of the warden’s house--the door
 outuponthe veranda and thence to the
There! is no’ impediment» beyond that save the
_,  going through a small,doo‘r.”
iukeyalsotoﬁtthaclock?’ i-‘ -

   

   

 for ﬁourof    one«for'the

   

 doorgthronghthebrick
’ his private  Two 
 tW°°'i‘*°°"*i'=.= Ms’? W


_ and your own good looks, how much license have you 31-

iggbruenfs door. for the front door at the =

ted. don’tyou?’’

' I

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' _ .5

“Exactly.”

“That brings me again to the question, where did you
ﬁnd the keys, after the escape?”

“On the walk which leads from the front porch to the
gate through the wall.”

“So it is probable that she threw them back over the
top of the wall after she had passed out.”

“Yes; and that is not all. She crowded this into the
ringed handle of one of the keys.” _

The jailer extended a slip of paper as he spoke, and
Nick noticed that the man’ was blushing like a school-
girl; but the detective took the paper and read what was

, written upon it, and then threw back his head and
laughed heartily. .

“It is too good to keep," he said; “but I wonder that
you let me know about it.”

“Like you, I thought it too good to keep,” replied
Rollins. The message written on the slip of paper: was:

“I take this method of throwing a parting kiss to you, '
good jailer.” ‘

“Cheeky of her, wasn’t it i" asked Rollins, sheepishly.
“Very tender and sweet and thoughtful, I call it,” re—
plied the detective.

.:————-

CHAPTER III.
FROM A COUNTRY or-' MYSTERY.

“Now let us return to the scene inside the cell,” said 
the detective. 7,”
“Very well, sir.” -
,“In order to have overcome you and Conroy both, as
she did, Idayah must have had a double supply of the
mysterious powder;leh?”
“Yes. I have thought oi that.” *
“And you have told me that you caught a glimpse of
something that suggested a rubber ball to you.” , ‘ .
“Yes.” ~
“In your inane foolishness about the beauty of Idayah‘

 
   
      
 
     
      

lowed her, in regard to procuring things from outside 
the prison? .In a word, have you permitted her to sen ‘
to the drug—store for things?”
“No; 'never.” . '
.“Well, what have you permitted her to send for?’-"1 W
“She wished some things from her rooms 
lived before she went to the prison. The warden
permitted her to send for them.. I had nothingto 
 Ithinkyonknow whereherroomswereloe,i-~

   
 
  
  

  
  

     
 
  

   

   
     
 

f‘Yes; over in Jersey City.  on." ”

    

 

  

 "deprived. of. She was permitted to have them, and I

I have since thought-—”

“N ever mind what you have thought. The fact isothisz
Somewhere among those eﬁects she had the powder
which she used on you, concealed; also small and thin

5 rubber receptacles which she could easily inﬂate. After
she once became possessed of them she had only to await

; I her opportunity which came as you have described. Now,

Rollins, why have you come to me with this tale P"
“I thought that possibly I could induce you to help
me get her back again. My position depends upon it.”
“You mean, I suppose, that you have been suspended.”
“Yes.” I‘
“It is too bad. I am sorry for you, butyafter all you
’ deserved it.”
“Don’t you think that you can ﬁnd her, Mr. Carter P”
“I don_’t know. That is a diﬂicult question to answer.
Idayah is a tough proposition to bank upon. It was last
" night that she escaped P”
“Yes.”
“Soon after nine o’clock, eh P”
I ,“Yes; about half-past °nine.”
v “What time was it when you got as far along as the
Y ﬁnding of the keys P” _
- “The big prison clock was striking ten when I picked
them up.” '
“Then she had a good half hour the start of you P”
“All of that.”
‘ ‘ “What measures did you take for recapturing her?”
“The usual ones. The alarm was sounded; I sent out
, half a dozen men in as many different directions; I had
i the police of the neighborhood all at work; I {did every-
thing that I could think of, personally-—a.nd it was al

- done without the slightest result.” -

“There was no trace of her, eh?”
__ “Not one—-anywhere.” ‘
. A ,“Nobody remembered to have seen her P”
“No.”
“And yet her description is such that if she was seen
all she should have been remembered.”
“I should suppose so.” ,
.  hear you desciibe her. .1 want to see how
erg:-aphically you cando it."
I “Well, it goes without saying that she is ‘the most
beautiful woman I ever saw; I don’t believe’ that any-
 cver saw a woman half so beautiful as she is. Her
 are so black, and bright, and dreamy. and soft, and
‘ I and passionate, all in one, and her complexion is so
 yet so perfectly tintedgand her hair is so blonde
 nearly white, and her ﬁgure is so perfect, and,

 
 
  
  
  

‘%"!thi_n|t.ﬁI=twil1,dover!we1l You maygoup head
“jI,saiy‘,¢hIr‘.‘Ca_rt_exr,'if, she only had pink eyes she would
u been an  gwouienfz she; gs.» ~ ,

 

y .

  

-

NEYV. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Something very nearly like it——-yes.”
“Anyhow, she got away and she has lost me my job;
and I want to get her back again.” A

“I think it rather doubtful if you ever get her back
again, Rollins. Just for your own information I will tell
you something about that woman. Of course you know
what she was in prison for. It was the murder at the
horse show, the death of Baron Sternfeldt, who was sup-
posed to have been killed by accident, by a horse. When
I arrested her for that crime, she only laughed at me;
she told me that the prison wasn't made that could hold
her; she made no bones at all of confessing her guilt of
that murder, although I have always had my doubts if
hers were the actual hands that did it. I think that she
directed the killing, but I also believe that she did not do
the deed—-that is the knife-throwing part of it. You
know the baron’s death was a peculiar one. He might be
said to, have been killed twice——and it is rather diﬁicult
for one man to be killed twice’; don’t you think so?”

“Once would do for mine.”

“Somebody threw or shot a poisoned dart into the old
baron’s side; that would have done for him all right with-
out the horse. Somebody had trained a horse to kill any-
body who happened to smell of a certain perfume. One
could not blame the horse for feeling like committing

murder when he smelled it, nor is one surprised that that;

particular odor was selected by the human who taught
the animal. Idayah confessed to both counts.”

“But who is she? Whatis she, Mr. Carter?"

“Ah! Now you are touching upon something that deep-
-ly interests me, and it is because I am interested in the
woman, that I am going to try to help you out of you
diﬂiculties by recapturing her.” .

“Thank you——-” .

“She comes from a country which lies just north of
India-—almost, if not quite, between India and Tibet.
It is a very mysterious ‘place——that whole country‘, in
fact; butiparticularly that part of it from whence Idayah
came. ’

“It is among the Himalaya mountains, the highest in ‘ i

.-

the world and it isn’t far-—her own country, I mean—i I I

from Mt. Everest itself. ‘In the midst of that country,
hidden away among the impassable peaks of the Hima-
lﬂas, isa place that is known to the people of that part
of the world as the ‘Sacred Valley.’
who enters there, never returns. , ,

“But there is one man here in New York, who has ’

been in that valley and who has returned. I have not

heard all of his story yet, for the reason that the oppor;

tunity has not offered; but now I shall call upon him to-
night and get the whole of it.

“It is suﬂicient for your infomiation, Rollins, that the

gentleman is Mr. Gerald Starbuck and that at the 
I arrested Idayah in Jersey City, she had abducted Star-ye;

 

buck, drugged  withone.ofher‘myse;§jtous n

It is said that one

  

       
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
    
 
    
 
 
   
  
       
       
    
     
         
         
 
   
    

NEW
. gh he swears that he had not swallowed a single
g, ‘and’ but for an accident, she would have gotten
y away with him. ' .
_ “What she intended to do with him, I do not know.”
 '.‘Do you mean the Starbuck who is called the great
 asked Rollins.
“‘ f',Ycs.V That is the man. He is six feet two in his stock-
‘ r ings; he could pick up an ordinary horse and carry it

, led him away from under my very eyes as easily
, if he had been a young bullock with an iron ring in

‘nose. She would have gotten away with him, too.
’ ' foran accident which put me on the track.”

C D

:17“! think if you had ever visited the ‘Sacred Valley‘ she
;  have carried you_off, or killed you. I think that
 what she is here for; here in this country.”

-" ‘,‘I’-don’t understand.” .

.s “I have thought the matter over considerably since
, "tbltiincidentat the Garden, and I am forced to the com
‘ elnsion that whoever enter: that ‘Sacred Valley’ in Ne-
w t is the name of the country I have described

an‘ ep”anl,_is not  to ‘come out again;  if, one
"  succeed in getting‘out;~that person is either killed,
‘ is sum ow taken back there." ‘A

tsorr of a‘Rider Haggard budness, isn't it, Mr. Car-

  

es; and there is a lot more truth in ‘Rider Haggard
~_, ’ scattered about this world than we who sit quietly
; . gtbofne, have  idea Of. _‘ ' ‘ ’
‘That  of the world from whence she comes, Rol-,
 3:}; much a mystery to us here, as are the planets
we can -see onlythrough telescopes.’ More so, in

   

  

 even do that. in 1'¢831’d

tothoseunknown

  
 
  

abI'°PﬂY anlﬁsiﬁa-he crossed the
vwghereihe took down-a book of notes
 Pages for several moments.-
.¢his atfair mes to refresh my
’ soehis "I will tell you

  

   

--3 »'-m._ -.';-n
my

NICK CARTER WEEKLY. .7

occasion to go to the oﬁice that was temporarily occupied A
by Mr. Starbuck. Vt/hile there I exhibited the tiny dag- 

, yon——that who ever enters ‘the ‘Sacred Valley” of’

we can see the planets through the lenses, but .

abontthree years  Ihadia case’in.which~

«Squa:e'Gmienwhi;hhadted:o:he.sducriat-of.--.'.

. dedlyoutoftheordinary”-,,:««  ' 

.o--—-__ v.

“I mentioned a moment ago, that one of the causes of
death to the baron, at the Garden, was a poisoned dart
which somebody had thrown or shot into the man's side,
under the left arm, and a little to the rear of it.”

“Yes, sir.”

‘.‘During my researches after the thing happened, I had

ger, which was only a dart after all. He recognized it
at once, and told me that it came from the country I have
mentioned, in the heart of Nepaul. ,1‘

“I asked him to tell me the full story about it, and he
started to do so. He had arrived at the point where my
interest was absorbed, when he stopped suddenly and
begged of me not to move, if I valued my life. _;

“I supposed that a serpent, or something of the sort 
had got into the room, but it was this woman who has‘ 
just escaped from your prison, although I didgnot know
her, and had never seen or heard of her at the time. Star-
buck got a promise out of me that I would not move or ,
seek to change my position for ‘a length of time. Then g-
he got up and left the room, saying that he would return 
in ﬁfteen minutes. V . ‘ I '
A “Well, the point is ‘that he did not ﬁnish his story, and
that when I did see him again, it was in Jersey City, and
he, although ghe is a giant in strength and stature, was 
as helpless as a babe in her hands, and as completely her
slave as if——well, he was her slave, that’s all.-f

“That is all you need to know now, I think. I am go~
ing, right away, to hear the rest of that story. You may ,
sit here and await my return, if you like. There are 
books with which you may amuse yourself. Will’ you ,
wait?” ' '

“Yes; if you are willing." _

“All right. 111 promise you a startling story,  think,
on my return.” , .

Without more words the detective secured hishat and
coat and left the house, and directed that he be driven ‘at
.once.to the residence of Gerald Starbuck.

 

:1:---

      
   
  

CI-IAPTJER IV.

I p A RECAPITULANON or FACTS. ,
The detective was much more deeply interested ,‘ ,,

storyoftheescapeastoldtohirnby Rollins,ﬁIan*he”
permittedtoappear. \ H - Hi. .
-Fromtthe very beginning of  u --

   
  
 
  
      
    

 Starbuck, and ﬁnally to the;arrest 9:, xaayah. the W ,
of Mystery, he'had.recognized  was

  

A_.,'

      

 

 it 7-2-‘.

I.

  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
  

NEW ICK

house where Starbuck had his rooms, he thought over,
for his own advantage, all the incidents that had led up
to his association with the case which had ﬁnally resulted
in the strange and incomprehensible as well as inexplica-
ble escape of Idayah from the prison where she had been
'conﬁned. ,

It is permitted of us for the sake of chronology of in-
cident, to read his thoughts as he rode forward on his
errand, for he grouped them systematically.

"I will go back,” he told himself, “to the moment when

incidents down on my memory in consecutive form, for
. I future reference, for unless I am greatly mistaken, the
I ' end’ is‘ not yet—-by far. I

' ¢_“First, then: I was passing the Garden, with no idea
I of attending the horse show, when an impulse bade me
jenter. I found the usual throng of such functions in at-
tendance, and passed through the crowd idly, and without
 particular interest. ‘ It happened to be the hour for ex-
hibiting the hunters, and, as hunters interest me, I
worked my way closer to the rail in the effort to see.

_ .“There was one horse among them which particularly
; J attracted my attention because of his beauty, ease of ac-
tion, and undoubted superiority as a jumper; a large,
{black horse with tan points, which is of itself an unusual
‘condition.

,, ing .the horse, I heard a voice say in my ear, or at least
  _was quite close to me, ‘That man is a criminal!’ Turn-
 to discover who had made the remark, I could not
_"dete«’nnine. I resumed rnyregard for the! horse, when
‘the,-‘remark was repeated, and again I’was unable to de-
termine who had spoken. I heard the remark almost in
fl1osame' words, the third time, and again could not tell
 had made it. '
“Third: ‘I supposed, possibly without reason, that the
Emark referred to the man who was riding the black
ter; a horse entered unckr the name of ‘Arab.’~' That
‘doubtless my intuition, for I had no reason to sup-
 the remark ,to be directed against that particular
J ‘ And right- here I must make a note of the fact that
 of events which happened after that time
tendered-it  that I should seek out that rider.
 not now know who he was, and that is one of the
 that! inust ﬁnd out, even at this late day.
Fourth: I was praently addressed openly byra man
~ 7' I‘ afterward learned’ w _ known 3S'B31f0ﬂ Stern-
‘ V,;;a middle, aged‘man, oi‘ "than he appeared, who
‘fraught letters ‘-of introduction to society people in
 The baron. after talking with me for a
 me abruptly aild disappeared in the crowd.
siiagnme, ConConne1"ofthe Central'Oﬂic'e
  were talking; there was a com-
 far endor -

  

  

  

   

   
  

CARTER WEEKLY.

 i I entered the Garden that afternoon and I will write the '

in “Second: While near the rail and engaged in admir-1

occurred and found that the man ‘who had just been talk; )
ing with me, was dead. Nobody could tell how the acci-
‘dent happened; nobody could be found who could give

a coherent explanation of the affair; the consensus ‘of in- '
formation evolved merely the one fact that the horse in
being led from the ring to be taken below, had reared and i I
struck thebaron with his right fore foot, a blow. which
had crushed the_man's skull and killed him.

“Sixth: Having made myself known, I‘ got through
the crowd and told the policeman to keep people back;
then, while looking upon the dead man, I saw that some
sort of weapon had pierced his side under the left arm
and somewhat to the rear of it. Seizing a blanket, I
threw it over the body. The body was taken to one of
the administration rooms where I caused the door to be
locked and placed a policeman on guard outside while
Conner and I remained inside with the body.

“Seventh: When I talked with the man who was aft-
erward killed. I noticed that his clothing smelled strongly . ,
of a certain perfume which I do not like, and which for
that reason doubtless I noticed the more plainly. It is a
perfume icalled Pau d’Espagne. The man had evidently 
used it in unusual quantity—it was almost as if some had
been spilled upon him, for he literally reeked with it. In
the administration room when Conner and I were with
' the body, I‘ made another mental comment of the fact.

“Eighth: As soon as Conner and I were alone I called 759
his attention to the weapon in the dead man’s side and we
decided that the wound from that would have killed him
even if he had not been struck by the horse; in fact, that '
either would have killed him; also that the two blows, ,
one from the horse’s hoof and the other from the weapon,

had happenedpalmost simultaneously, the presumption be I

ing that the weapon had preceded the other by the frac- ‘
3 tion of a second. i .
V “Ninth: While awaiting the arrival of the coroner I *
‘left Conner in charge and went to the basement‘ of the ~

building where the horses are kept, to have a look at the, '
horse who was supposed to have killed the man. I found‘

the horse and entered the box stall where he was kept." A

I examined his ‘fore feet and found that they had been M’ ~‘

lately polished——as if to wipe away all evidence that he I

had struck the man with them. A

“I turned to a cupboard where 'brushes and other__
things were kept, my intention being to find and exan1in_e,j;7
thecioth with which the horse's hoofs had been rubbed ;‘
but the instant I opened the door of the cupboard my
nostrils were assailed by the odor of Pau‘d’Espagne, and

I found a iece of chamois skin which reeked withit. ;

“Rather Surprised at this. I t00k down the piece of I
chamois skin, and as I did so, was interrupted 
hostler who cared for the horse. I closed the door ofjthé

     
     
     
     
    
     
     
     
     
      
   
 

    
       
  

   
   

     
  

   
 

 
   
 

  

  
     
 
 
 

    
    
  

the moment forgeuing that my

w,~- .

   

 4.3: i_  p-» 'A.\'_,~

  
 
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  

 r. cloth, with which the horse's _hoofs had been
gpbbed. / .
‘Tenth: I approached the horse with the bit of cham~
 in my hand, and was surprised to notice that the ani~
 gave signs of excitement as I drew. nearer. The‘
zhqsuer called to, me, but I paid no attention. Then the
 made a savage attack upon me from which I bare-
Ply escapedwith my life, nearly meeting the fate that had
ibcfallcn the baron. ' l

.“I became satisﬁed that the odor of that perfume had
somehow enraged the horse, and was convinced that he
 been trained to attack and kill any person who hap-
pened ‘to smell of ‘it. I found the hostler to be non-com-
naunimtive. His own name was Mudge; the name of

 of the man who had ridden the horse that day, was
Mr, Pythias. Plainly both were assumed names; Damon
“Returning, I told the ‘coroner what I had discovered.
er th.e__conclusion of our examination, we ’went tq the
“basement of the building together, but only to discover
 t the horse and the hostler as azvell had disappeared
in #b°—i"‘°.“‘"- ' _
I was convinced that there had been two
 attempts on the life of the baron that afternoon,
both having originated from the same impulse, each
however being an individual effort and either ‘one of

the other; but that they were connected and associated
 each other in their inception, there can beno doubt.

_  nothing. He "stopped temporarily at the Mam-
I I ; his clothing bore no identiﬁcation marks whatever;
valet had served him who had been called Idayah, but
ff the valet had disappeared; the man had been known to
" bundantly supplied with cash. That sums up all that
found out about him. His body was exposed for
..«. ‘on at Merritt’s, but remained as mysterious
 .1.-uer. the body was embalmed and away
 reference’ at my expense ..
 : Ireturnedtiatlieﬁardenand soughtout
“s¢_;dm¢k__ suppqsedlyv the best posted man about
f3il_1Isociety‘in all New York; and also one of the
 of show. ..
 new from
  him I exhibited the weapon that

thé baron’; side, which I had secured from:

   

  

 
 

I

    

  ‘recognized the weapon as be-
   he had seen before. He is a
1%  one; in his travels he had visited the
ofNe1iI'nl,’plii¢]. ﬁes northof India; he had en~
 I there, and} had ‘seen just such.
'11! fvhich‘ is ¢9"i"l"-‘st *0 am»

 
   

.4’:

supposed owner of the horse was Alfred Damon; the _

him relative’t?> the mur-’ p
very slowly, and was taken out of town by his friends;

_ . I

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. . 9

“At my solicitation, he began to tell me the story of his
adventure in that country. I was seated with my back '
to the door and he was facing it. In the midst of his
story-—before he had gotten well into it—¢he suddenly
stopped, stared, appeared frightened, begged me not to
move if I valued my life; and ﬁnally having secured a
promise from me that I would retain the position I was
in for ﬁfteen ‘minutes, he left me. I

“All that I knew about that scene was that he admitted
thatva woman stood behind me.

“Fifteenth: VVhen the time was up for which my
promise held good, Starbluck had disappeared. I sue

vceeded in tracing him to the Twenty-third Street ferry

of the Pennsylvania Railroad, where he had crossed in
company with three others, one of whom answered to
the description of the people he had mentioned in his
story, and also to the general description of the valet
who had served the baron.

“On the Jersey City side of the ferry I lost trace of-
them; ultimately I saw the woman through the window
of a hack that was passing. Starbuck was inside the
hack with her. I pursued and ultimately arrested the
woman in a house where she had taken refuge. An acci-I
dent in the street had smashed the hack.

“Sixteenth: When I arrested the woman she con; _
fessed to me that she had played the part of the valet
who was called Idayah. Her two companions had disap-
peared, and could not be found. She confessed all re-
sponsibility for the death of the baron; claimed the horse
as hers, and admitted that it had been trained to kill
when it smelled that odor; stated that she was guilty of
the knife’-throwing,

“When I arrested her, she deﬁed me; told me that the
prison was not made that could hold her, and otherwise
seemed utterly indifferent to the predicament she was in.

"‘Seventeenth:~ The racial characteristic of her people 
consists of an almost Albino-like complexion and shade ._
of hair, but all have sloe—black eyes, which are large and '
ercpressivef giving to the face and features a peculiar. 1
form of beauty which is most striking. ' ‘

“Eighteenth: Starbuck, when rescued- from the.
wreck of the back, which had collided with a milk—wagon, 
was found to be in a peculiar condition of mind 
was supposed to have resulted from a drug he had taken,
or had been compelled to take. He recovered from 

 
 
     
      
     
    
   

   
   
    
    
  

It is only within a day that I have heard that he is'pre= ”
pared to see me and tell me all he knows about his ad
ventures. ’ ' ’

“Nineteenth: And now, inst as the time is T596 for 
to solve all the mysteries that  left in puz'zledom_+:—
inst as Starbuck reaches a  where he is able to
tell me all, the woman ‘Idayah has  from her. ,
Gnandisagainptlargg, ' t E. « 
.“.TS!entieth:.. —

  
 
  

     
  
 
 

    
    

   
 

so  I.

  

   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
   
  

 ‘lv
2

, :.cape- with his recovery, I must conclude that Idayah
V Jmew perfectly well the day and hour when he would
come out from under the cloud created by the drug he
had taken; and that she timed her escape‘ from prison
accordingly. ‘

“There are twenty points, but it occurs to me that the
twentieth one is the important one for if I am correct in
, my surmise, Idayah freed herself from prison at this time
‘ pi" ‘ and hour in order to prevent Starbuck from-relating his
‘  . story tome. '_

', “And if that is true, I am hurrying to him none too
 Idayah escaped last night, at or about ten o’clock.
It-» is how eleven .«o’clock in the morning. She has there-
fore been at liberty thirteen hours, or about that.

\  I’-“But Starbuck is an athlete; he is a New Yorker; he
3is?a man who should be supposed to be in no danger at
any time,‘ being thoroughly capable of taking care of him~
‘self under all conditions—and yet Idayah has already
., established the fact that she is not only able to ‘overcome
"him but that the mere sight of her beautiful face can so
ﬁll him with terror that it paralyze: his powers of re.n'st«
..an"ce’." I

 “The carriage stopped before the apartment house, and
fthedetective went inside. '

.._.._:—...

I

I

CHAPTER V.

._ _ Aiv (UNACCOUNTABLE DISAPPEARANCE. V '
 apartment house‘ in which Starbuckhad his rooms
 have been more appropriately namcdia hotel. The
 floor was given up to oﬁice, café, dining—rooms,
“\" 2 - '

"" ick_Carter  at once t_o"the desk and asked if
'9? .,___iclerk‘ would annodnce him over the house telephone;
 a moment he wastold, “You may go‘ right up,

. -5?

 Nick left the elevator and walked along the cor-
I _  toward Starbuck’s rooms, he saw Starbuck’s man,
' - V awaitinghim in the open door; and as the de-
, _ approached; the latter said to mm: ‘ '
‘*1   for you to come right UP; Sir’. because Mr.

1‘

  

     
  

  

  

_ now he is resting. ,_ I hope you won’t mindswaiting Es.
“ j; j moments, before weawaken him."

__library, where he  a cigar and picked up
.'-‘, V  - '. ‘

beam", ' e'inte1W   article he fouiid

  

NEW NICK ‘CARTER ‘WEEKLY.

- ....  twice asked to see you this -morning. But ‘

   presently’  he discovered '

 o'clock, and than hour had passed

 
  

I 

. ..
‘.t.1':*?l"

‘G2: _..:-a_.._1

I" all this, and particularly from this coincidence of her es~ he said. “Much longer, than I intended. Be good

enough to tell your master that I am here.”

Ferguson departed. He’was ‘gone possibly two or
three minutes, when he came rushing back, wild~cyed
‘and frightened.

“Mr. Starbuck is not in his room, sir!” he exclaimed.

‘No? Then where is he ?” demanded Nick.

“Alas, sir, I do not know. He has gone out-—-and yet
I do not know how he could have done so without my
knowledge. He cannot have gone very far.”

“Why not ?”-asked the detective. “You say that he
asked for me this morning. I know that he was anxious
to see me. Possibly he has gone to my house.”

“But that, sir, is impossible.”

“Why is it impossible?”

“Because he was not dressed to go out. He was
’wearing slippers and smoking~jacket. He has not left
them off; he has not taken his street dress, nor any
part'.of it.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Take me to his room at once.”

Ferguson led the way rapidly to the room where Star-
buek had been resting. '

fit was an ordinary sleeping-room-—that is, for such an
apartment. It was a large room, sumptuously fur~
nishedf There were three doors which opened from it. _ 
One of these opened upon the main corridor of the
hotel, vanother gave access to a large bathroom; the third
was that by which the detective, led by Ferguson, en-
tered.

Through the bathroom one could pass to another
room, which also gave access to the hall of the building‘.

Nick could see that Starbuck had been resting on a
couch, which stood near the windows that looked out
upon an unusually large court. A magazine was hali- 7
‘open and face down upoh the ﬂoor, as‘ if he had put it ,
there when he became sleepy. .

The indentation made by Starbuck‘s head against the I‘

‘ pillow was plainly to be seen; a light rug, which Fergu'- -. ,

son had put over his feet, had been idly kicked to the ‘

floor; there was no evidence. anywhere that Starbuck 
had  startled into rising hastily. '

But he was not in the room; hegwas nowhere in the
apartment, for Ferguson lost no time in running‘ from
one room to another until hehad searched them all; and

then he returned and stood before the detective with a

white, scared face.‘ « ‘ ‘

“Well?” asked the detective.
. “I cannot ﬁnd him, sir,” was the reply.
“Did you go outside into the hall ?"

. f‘No, sir. '1 looked out; that is all."-
«“Did’ Mr. Stat-buck take his hat and coat?” I
“No, air, He has not taken anything 

hatand   “-‘

5....

      
   
     
    

. '-'.‘..f:_ ‘ 3: “'4.” .. ..,-* 1.

 
 
     
       
 
  

 
       
      
 
     
    
 

  
   
  
 

 

    

  

 vi-r‘._ -'

   
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
   
    
    
    
 
     
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 

. j. \‘
_ ishere. His shoes are in their accustomed places.
‘ I  taken nothing, not even a cane.”

ei‘haps he has stepped into another apartment, on
 for a moment.”

i  valet shook his head.

1 {"I do not think so, sir,” he said.

I “Why not?” . ‘

, ¢5’To do so he would have passed through the room
‘where I was seated waiting for him to wakeng in order
to tell him that you were here, sir.” ,

~ Nick pointed toward the door that opened upon the
hall. . -
 “He might have gone out that way,” he suggested.
‘No, sir,” said Ferguson. “Not once since we have
ed here has that door been opened. If you will look
at it, sir, you will see that the bolt lock is turned on the
3‘:

sinside. There is no keyhole connecting with that bolt
froin the outside,_. and it is a common bolt-—that is, it
oes not act as a spring lock.” "
_ “Then that door has not been
f~“ o, sir.”

,  sn’t there another door
beyond the bathroom ?”

_ "Yes, sir; but _like this one, it was neverused.”

" “Nevertheless, this occasion might have been an ex-
 We will have a loci: at it.”‘ I ‘ .

 will ﬁnd thaeit is bolted in the same way as this -

 

opened ?”

4 into the hall fromithe room

‘at the man searchingly, wondering why he had
ken with such certainty of being right.

1 And he did ﬁnd that the door in question was locked
«Ferguson said, ‘ y
A It was plain that Starbuck had not left his rooms by
either of those doors, and there remained only two others
_ which he could have gone out. One of these opened»
w-In the room in which Ferguson had been seated, and
A  general door of -the apartment; the other.opened
I the room beyond the.li_brary and was used infre-..
moreover, to reach"it, Sta’:-buck would have
‘  to pass, through the room where the de-
 was that Starbuck had not left his apart-
 of the doors which the valet and Nick
 have seen, for both were bolted on the
t ' 1°G!t'§',,which were not practicable from the out-
 was that he had not gone through the A
‘Wm into the hall, sinceihe would have
  Nick Carter to do so, and he had
 that!’  remained, then, only, the door into
  mom in which Ferguson had been

1.: K

  

   
  

     
  
  

  

       

\
through that door,” saidthe de-

' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

sir,* said Ferguson, with conviction; and Nick »

 “He 

 

II

\

.“Did you drop asleep while you sat there?" asked

Nick sternly.

“No, sir, I did not.” , I
“Was your back turned toward the door at any time?”
“Not once, sir’. I sat facing it all the while.”

“What were you doing while you sat there?”

“Literally nothing.”

“Were you reading?”

“No, sir.”

' “Had Mr. Starbuck any friends in other parts of the
house with whom he was in the habit of visiting?”

“Several.” ' I

“Go to them while I wait here. Ask at each place

where he might have gone if he has been seen. If you
get an aﬁirmative reply, say that I am awaiting him.
If any one asks you why you are making the inquiries,
say that there is a caller here waiting for Mr. Starbuck,
and that he stepped out for a moment without telling
you where he was going.” .

.“But, Mr. Carter, he never went into the halls of this
building in his life, in smoking-jacket and slippers.”

“Never mind that. Do as I tell you.”

“Yes, sir.”

While Ferguson was absent Nick went through the . ' ;
apartment thoroughly. He examined every nook and ‘
corner of it, but he found nothing to attract his atten-
tion. When Ferguson returned the detective was stand-
ing in the same place where tlie valet had left him.

“Well?” he asked of the man.

“Nothing, sir.”

“Nobody has seen him?” \

“Nobody.”

“Did you think to go to the office. I forgot to tell
you to do that.’f '

“Yes, sir; and I inquired of elevator boys and every-
body I met outside. Mr. Starbuck has not been seen.” ,.

“But, confound it, Ferguson, somebody must have ,_ 4
seen him!”  _ . _ ‘ ‘

“Yes, ‘sir, Quite so, sir. I think so, too, sir. But
nobody has.” _ ' , ‘

“Ferguson?”

“Yes, sir.” . ‘

“Has it occurred to you that I do not know positively .
that Mr. Starbuck was here in his rooms when I cdled?” ”

uY-es’ sir.” . E M ._ 

“He might have been gone already. When you told 
me that he was here, and was resting, you might have
been lying to me.” » . A -I

“I might have been lying, sir; but I was not.” \

“Oh, he might have gone out through the room 
which you were seated, after my 8I’l'iV.31, Wishing 
avoid ,me.*’ , _, 

“He might have done‘ so, sir,.but he did not,” wait
quiet reply. J _ ’. ' . ‘fa

u ‘I

 

la‘:
n.
' ‘N

  
      
    
      
  
      
      

  
   
  
  

   
 

 
     

 
  

,{ ‘.
1 I

 fa,-_~ ..

 
  
  
   
   
  

am I V

I’ and to get up all this disturbance over whatappears to

be an unaccountable disappearance.”

.- "“He might have done so, sit, and if he had done so I
would have obeyed him implicitly. If he told me to lie

to you, or to anybody, I would havesdone so. But he

"truth.”
. “All right, Ferguson; I believe you."
3 “Thank you, sir.”

nouncement-—to the moment when the clerk telephoned
‘-up from the office that I washere." A
A “Yes, sir.”

- “How long a time had elapsed, then, since you had
I; seen your master?”

A ,{‘,Not to exceed ten minutes, sir.”

' “Are "you quite positive of that?” .
 “Absolutely so, sir, for it was ten minutes before that
‘time that I gave him some medicine—-a tonic that the
fdoetor prescribed for him to take three times a day.”

, , “Did you take it into his room to give itlto him, or did
jibe come out after it ?” .

K <“He called to me, sir; and when I came out after h
‘  taken it, he told me to‘ close the door and not to dis-
’ 1; him for half an hour, as he felt inclined to sleep.”

, “Did the tonic he was in the habit of taking incline
in: to sleepiness?” ‘

“Not ‘at all, air.” '

“And you believe yourself to be positive that the
I which you closed between you and him, after you
~_administered the medicine, was not opened again until

    
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
   

“Yes, sir. ' - .

“But he must have passed through this way! He
yl§6ttldj‘not go up the chimney. The doors are locked on
the inside, by which he might have gone out without
« ..~ through here; and he 4': gene!"

 
   

CHAPTER VI.‘

soaaovsrmzo av Mvsfrannzs. ‘

 
 

was thoroughly convinced in his own ‘miss. that
~-«. master, had not passed into. or through,

  
   
 

him‘-—and he knew, as the detective also lard’,
human being could have passed through either

from the grate   the room-was
ﬁve-y'ear—old boy could not have passed
 andthe  whip};

     
 

  

NEW NICK CARTER’ WEEKLY; ' _ i 

gave me no such order,,and I have told you only the

‘,‘Now carry your mind back to the moment of my,an-I

He rooms and  left them securely. library and left me there—-after you returned here and

‘rev:
1

located on the ﬁfteenth ﬂoor of a seventeen-story
building. 

“There is a way to the roof of the building, lsn’t ,'
there?” asked the detective suddenly. ‘I

“There is in the summer, sir. At this time of the year
that way is kept closed and locked all the time.”

Nick stepped to the windows, first to one and then
to the other-—threw them up and looked out upon the
ﬂagged court, where, during the summer, there were
palms and rubber-plants galore, but which was so far
below him that he closed the windows again and turned
again toward the valet.

r

“Ferguson,” he said, “when you gave Mr. Starbuck
the medicine, what did you do P”

“I came back into this room, sir. I seated myself in
that chair,” and he pointed to the one chair he had in-
dicated before.

“Where were you when the clerk rang the telephone
to announce my presence?” 1

“Seated in that chair.”

“You had not left itin the meantime?”

‘No, sir.” '

TThe telephone is in this room, I see.” 1;.

-‘.‘Yes, sir.” ' 

‘iwhen you heard the ring of the telephonebell, and‘
answered it, what did you do then?”

“I waited a moment or two, until I thought it was
time'for you to reach this ﬂoor, sir, and then I stepped 
to that door and opened it. After that -I stood upon the
threshold, where you ﬁrst. saw me, waiting for you until
you appeared. I did not move from that position until
you came.” .

' “Ferguson, I am about to ask you some rather strange 
questions.”

“Yes, sir."

“You are to answer them as I ask them, and are not to ,-
aslr questions in replying." '

“Yes, sir.”

“While you were. seated in that chair, after you gave 
the medicine. to your master, and until you were s'um— ,7
moned to the telephone, did you experience any sensa-
tion of, blindness? Do you remember to have experi-
enced any sensation at all that was not perfectly,
natural?" .

“No, ‘inn ‘ ‘ _ VII‘;

"And you say that that period of time, until I ’came,-J"
was only ten minutes ?” ‘ V '

"Yes, sir."

“Now, after I came--after you conducted me to 

    
      
     
       
     
     
  
   
     
    

resumed your chair--had you any such sensation
have ‘described ?”

“No, sir." , ~, ,
, .'‘You Say that youiwerer-11.09. PQISWZ: that 
litstslly am: out:  ”

X

 
  
 

   
   
  

      
  
      
 

pi your eyes opened, or closed?”

_ -  open, air.” ‘ ' . ,

 were you looking at? I want a literal" an-
.  Q _

omed to waiting. I sometimes sit in one position,

~ for my master, for hours at a time. That is my

 ' . It is one of the duties for which~I am en-
 ‘ ”_ .

"I quite understand. Horses sometimes sleep on their
’I have been told that they even sleep with their
5open, although I don’t believe it. Doiyou think
ttyou could have dropped asleep without realizing
' you had done‘ so? Have you ever done such a thing,

 
  
    
     
     
 
   
    
   
 
  
  
  
    
     
     
   
    
   
     

‘No, sir; never.”

"Then we are boiled down to the fact that the only
A’ when Mr. Starbuck could have‘ gone out through
1 , ,door was during the interval when you conducted
‘ate the library.”

‘'51 have thought of that——but I do not believe it would

fee been possible for him or anybody to have opened

us door and closed it again, or‘ to have done either,
3‘ t my knowing it." . A .

2.!-"Néther do I. . I think I would have know’ it myself:

,, — «t  goneou.” V ' A
“You lmow, sir, that although I conducted you to the

-t  , Istood aside for you to pass into the room, and

 not enter it"tnyself.” ' » '

=.' ‘,3! V "‘

so  was not out of sight from this door for an in~
DI ' .

  

true that my back was turned "toward the door
‘ moment; but it .was only. during tlfe time that was
to will; thirty feet: it could not have been ﬁve
of time. sir.”  I -
“agree with you. F€!'guIon."‘ ' A -
 will ‘try -the door, sit’, and -‘open it for your
wiildyserve that it‘ resists‘ the ﬁrst eﬁort ;» that
‘ as hat;-dy, and that ‘there is a distinct sound

   
 

  
      
     
  
    
 

jyfmata w_9u1d;notbe disnirbedjbut I

 ’ ing my care,Imnde some noise;
’ _.  if you will emu. me. -t6:n=r>1>.°=e

‘ ' ‘.¢'ou1d have gone out tin-o,ugh.that’

J ytedge/of either of ulydnring the
 .you_to the library. 
then -1 was,i‘sihce your were behind
we   when
‘ 130

  

    
  
  
 

    

Otis‘

       

JL

 

iN:i‘~;w NICK CARTER WEEIELY.

I   wall.’ I was waiting. I am a servant who is I

-; it, 7a sound which cannot ‘be avoided. A
it when I opened thf: door to admit you.

I . “Yes.” ‘ '

L ., estate’? ~
 ."“°s *1“ ““?"'Y. I I

 

I yet the ittcontrovertible fact remains that Gerald Star-

buck has gone from these rooms.”

“Yes, sir. It is more of that witchery, sir, to my way
of thinking.”

I “Witchery? What witchery?”

“There has been witchery surrounding us ever since
that unfortunate occurrence at the Garden, sir, when my
master later on met with the misfortune of being
drugged. He has never been the same since that time, Q
sir.” '

“Tell me what witchery you refer to, Ferguson’?

“First, sir, you must not forget that I am of Scotch
descent. As a Scotchman, I am inclined to the uncanny
side of things,- sir. If there is almystery, I am inclined
to attribute it to supernatural causes. That is my in-
heritance. I remind you of this, sir, so thatlyou will
take, what I have to say with a grain of salt, for I do
not wish to influence your judgrnent,isir, which I proba~
bly could not do in any case; but, more than-that, I don't
wish you to think me a driveling tool or an unconscionag
ble ass.” _

“Very good, Ferguson. With all that preamble, I
think I can listen to what you have to say. Now tell me
to what mysteries you refer.”,

“In the first place, sir, I do not believe that my master
was suﬁering from the eﬁects of any kind of a drug,

' during the time that he has been—not ill, sir, but re-

quiring care. I do not believe it, notwithstanding the 
fact that the best doctors in New York have stated that .
he was.”

“Well?”

“I have believed-—I stiil believe-that his trouble was _
mental.” '

“Do you mean that your master was losing his '
reason ?” I .

“No, sir. Not at all.. Not that. I believe that his - 53
mind- was dominated by some other mind. I do not -’
mean hypnotism, either, but something that may be akiirf 
to it. I think he was in a state of suspense, of fear, of
dread, of terror-—-if you can conceive of such a man as‘
Mr. Starbuck, who was never afraid of anything since
I have known him, experiencing terror.” .
’ “Go on. You haven't got to the mysteries yet.”

“No, sir; but I am coming to them.” '7

“Well?” " 

“You are aware that we have been in the 
sir ?” - ’ ‘ - .

  

.“At Mr. Starbuck’s estate, up-the Ii-Iutl.soo.". . 
uyetu ‘ V , :1 . -
"It isalar house, left to him by his father; at A

t:v.., 1' .......' I . t......;.iré..w'e.i«‘=ergus...~.
. ., i 2: ' '  f 

 

   
    
   
  
  
   
   
    

. es. — i ‘

l‘T.}ast summer Mr. Starbuck made some alterations in
general arrangements. He caused the east wing to
_ renovated, and since then he has occupied that part
of the mansion for his own particular royfns.”

1 Well .>" ~ .
‘.'_‘VVe1l, sir, my first astounding statementis this: Three
 ‘ te. times since wehave been there on this trip I
‘hcartl-—-and distinctly heard——-my master incon-

’  when I knew him to be alone. I————”

old on, Ferguson. If you knewhim to be alone
 not have held such a conversation; that is, if
‘ ‘ were two distinct voices.” ' '
A {There were two distinct voices. More than that, one
 the voices belonged to alwoman-——the other was, of

e; my masters. . I .
 you did not know him to be alone; you only

-

  

 the. I knew him to be alone; and on each
 '» b I afterward proved‘ it to be the case." -

‘l¥on? mean by entering the room where you heard
3:: I .

  

    

 -soon as it was» possible to do so, by asking,

tor; who was with him, and receiving the reply,
"  tone, that nobody had been with him; by
 that I had .he‘ar(l"voices, and being told in
,1 was ‘for the,reason.that he had
e.a..s.om‘id.”” , * A ’ ‘ v a 

‘ E  b_£en‘dnn‘  filmy, n;~gm..ai   i 

   

  
   
    
 

» have
‘as yafraidpzthat yottqvould ask tb3t.:air.. I am
that you do not believe me, but Lam perfectly
. _3¢.ia¢g, that is not all.”‘. ’ , .
>5 tmore, then?" ’ _= 1 . ,
A ' have been" ‘notes received‘ by him very
?' Letters?vDo you'I'.h¢auftl1at?” A.
ﬂ,r_."'.- ,  _, .
are aiéoutsthﬁpart of your  ’
. A‘ A . s hm left fer him vsryistrausclr
ysterious,_ly., He would find. one  his
 Iaidexhe table for hisbreakiast. =1-Ie
 upon thepillowof his bedwlien
i‘_’He, would find one in tbeirniddlel
groom, where he used to sit

   

§

   

A/.

  
 

;

  
 
 

  
 

s

>  of with

  

  

V .

um ‘~NICK ‘cA“3a'rn"R ‘.WEEKLY.

:3§rSation.with another person in his own private room '

l“—.».f~'f‘I;d§ not

~  heard

 

 

1’

 

“And what remarks did he make to you about
Ferguson?”

“None at all, sir. Of course, I could not ask him  ‘
them, and he told me nothing. I only know that always
when he received them he seemed afraid, frightened, and
that he would lock himself in his room alone afterward.”

  



_ I

w'

CHAQI-‘TER VII.

DEALING VVITH THE UNEXPLAINABLE.

 

“Now, let us return for a moment to the_ sound of 
those voices you heard. After that we will discuss the ’ A
letters." ‘ '

"Yes, sir.”

“At what hours of the ‘day have you noticed them,
altogether?” X V “

“Always in the morning, sir.”

“At what hour in the morning?” pa

_“A,bout eleven. Now‘ that I think of it, eleven ,o‘clockj
in the morning has always seemed a mysterious kind of ,
ti , ie ‘for him, especially since that baron was killed atk
th Garden." "

‘«.\'How do you mean——-mysterious P”
, “It has been the hour when he seemed to desire to be ,
alone. Now that I think of it, he has systematically j,
gotten rid of me at about that hour ever since that 
was killed.” , » A’ A

“This morning included, eh?”

“Yes, sir.” ’ , 

“At times when you ‘believed that you heard voices, .=

‘were you at any time able to distinguish any part or7
parts of the conversation?” g ' .

“Never a word of it; only_that was not because M

could not hear the words, sir; it was because I could
5 not understand’them.’’ , 
“Do you mean that they were uttered in a tongue that‘
_ you could not comprehend? That they spoke in a lan-
guage that was unknown to you?” 

-“Yes, sir."-' . 1 l ’ A \-

f‘Do you speak .French ?’~’

“Yes, sir, indiﬂerently well."

"Spanish ?* ‘

“No, sir." »- , p . ,

,‘‘Yet, if you should happen to hear two
 in Spanish, you would know in
_they were talking, wouldn't-you ?’."

uEa‘suy'n I ‘ ,  I

“Very well}: in what language. an thole voices 

 In -a-;Ia’nsuaee«

    
    
  


  
  

       
 
  

       
     
    
      
       
      
  
   
      
  
    
    
  

  

persoiu 

        

 

4
I

      
    

it A
that I have

   

     

   
 
    
  
   
  
  
     
  
   
    
 
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
     
 
  
    

‘t is, plainly enough so you might have un-

ood them had you been familiar with the Ian-

I ‘r’
“éinfyou remember one or more of the words to re-
_it(trthem.to me?”' . '. .

"“No. I could not. That would be impossible.-”
;,‘‘And are you quite sure that one of the voices be-
 to a woman, ’

" ;~"qCertainly. I could not be mistaken about that."

 “In what room did those conversations take place

 ?n V

= ‘Always in the same room, sir. The room which we
 hiyden; a private sitting-room, into which no
“ jtlauger was ever admitted,”

~ it?" .

“All of those rooms are in the east wing of the build-

ing,  The mansion, as you know, is very large.”
Yes» . ‘ . - I.

“;_$_,. The cast wing is detached from the house really. It

~  reality a separate building, connected with the mam

' titling by a reach that is between them. The private

«Sitting-room, in which I heard the voices, is at the
i « ~ corner, on the second ﬂoor. The bedroom ad-

fit on one  a‘ dressing-robm on the other side.

 iefﬂ the room fromsthe outside, by
‘y-'-of, the._bulcon’y,_- if, that is what you mean by Your
' 7 S It? isthe fact that Mr. Starbuck always- as-
, ‘that, he had been alone all the time, and, not only
‘i  that he had made no sound at all, that has made
ﬁnystery to me.”
 ow, as to the letters.”
.”%'“’*‘‘Yes, sir.” - ’ ~ ' -. ‘
f. “Y011 say that hefound them awaiting him in diﬁerent
‘ and at wife!) diﬂerent hours of the day,.I’t1n-

.1, i\‘L,.

retire. Is that ~

'3

.  ,',;,;i,.* ,.‘;;v§.§£s’ar‘zi;‘¢ no. have been
‘  VFW ‘l"".~.—".'.~'rs,.f$.?1*“".?'.’= -

 but if that were supposedly 'tf11_€.
 newt at times, in
la-_g¢rv,‘antse did not have access.”
bf  ymf We
   . 

 

. Nnws "NICK CARTER WEEKLY. I I 5

‘And how was, or is, that room located as to the ’

_?‘w’5u1a  easy, enough ’_for a person sominded ~

 ‘?’F‘El1“1?"é*.;~1’,°‘"'.‘.".'4"‘i"i“§vil§'l.‘.1.‘°“‘.“?‘?‘i“‘§.b'*?“' t
. -nbtﬁ¢r"°*i’,‘13i°“'té'W”“'«"'*,‘¢?*?~ .“.'?’°.,'."_¥".’ We
_ ‘ F 1 , J  -—.  -' in the grounds around the house.

 Va;-‘had you   theletters .

'    Cblﬂd “EV” m.1<l°1'5“‘“d  in the the balcony of that wing with diﬁerent things that 

. morning until eleven o'clock, and never Tdlifiﬂg 
been out of sight of the-grouaidsihaneath his wind

 and then at eleven 1'; wolilthliiinl a1;'the.door..89
‘the voices." - -  ‘i .. ..  ' 5‘

* “Vr'i‘1‘.’-1%

always, after receiving them, it was the habit of Mr.
Starbuck to lock himself in that private sitting-room
which was called the den; and you have asserted that

. whenever you heard the voices it always happened at

about eleven o_’clock in the morning; you have also stated
that your master has taken up the habit of being alone at
that hour, everyday; is all that correct?”

“Yes, sir.” '

“Have you associated the letters with the voices?
That is, the writer of the letters with the owner of the
second voice in that room?”

“Certainly.” \'. -

"Does the number of letters received agree with the
number of times you have heard the voices in conversa-
tion in that room?”

“No. Not atall.” ,

“What is the discrepancy?” ‘

“There have been more than twice as many letters as
there have been times when I have heard the voices.”

“Might' there not have been occasions when -those‘
conversations have taken place without your knowl-
edge?" \ .

"That is possible, sir. But not in that room or at that
hour. I was always on the watch after I heard the talk ‘
the first time.” . - —~ I
, “Did you make’ inquiries among the other servants at
any of those times relative to the presence of a stranger
or strangers about the place ?"

“Several times; every time until I became convinced _
in my own mind that it was no human being that he A’
talked with.” _ 7 _

“Oh! You became convinced of that, did you?”

“Thoroughly so, sir." ‘ ' - 

“You speak as if there was some other method  con- 
vincing you, than merely your inability to explain the 
phenomenon.” ‘ . ».    1 

nrrhere was.” _   ii. . 

 

   

"And what wa§ lthat?” '  - ..
“There never was the sign of a track of any kind left-
'I know. because I 

        
 

   

took pains to verify the fact.”
“How did you do it?” -
“I several times sprinkled the gtound around ' '

 
  
 

   
  

have left traces of the presence of a human foat—.'tl;ﬁ§r _
or which would have been tracked upon the ‘ ‘
P9300 had stepped upon it. I used precipitinyi 

talcum-powder, and corn-starch“ Other  tog
Besides, I have placed myself. on  V3915?‘-‘$5015 -i ‘

 
  

  
     
    
      
     
    

  
  
 

4»

   

,-Lu" ..

    

   

  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
 
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

“Often.”
, “And never succeed d?” V

."Never. The door was always securely locked at
such times.” ‘ -V
, “But you say that you have entered the room imme-
 diately after hearing the voices.”

’__ “The door would be unlocked as soon as.the voices
ceased.” '
“Do you mean that you could hear when it was un-
 locked .7”, i I
I '7 '.‘I don’t remember that I did or did not. I only know

I’ lmodiately after the voices ceased, and found my master
 asleep on the couch, and no one therebut him.

 that then, when I awakened him, he would deny

rthat anybody had been there, or that he had made any"
 of noise at all.” '

I “I suppose that accounts for your readiness to be-

that your master had ﬁnally disappeared when we

fdisoovered that he was not in his room just now.”

; _,,ﬂ“Yes, sir. I. have been prepared for such a thing as

this-'—for a long time.” , . _

 “You admit that you are superstitious, Ferguson, but

hav 'not admitted that you are in any way afraid

these mysteriesff .

.-— “No, sir. I am not afraid. I think when I was made

hervies were left out. I have never in my life been con-

 of fearing anything at all.” » A

‘That is good; and it is rather remarkable, too. Now,

yoti never caught so much as a glimpse of that woman

the manor-house, ‘did you ?" l

 you could never induce your master\ to speak
/ ,

, on were not with your master when he went to
I . the last time, wege you?” , W’

-was in his employ, but I did not go with" him.”

 he eyer discussed that trip with you? Has he

-  told you anything at all about it,,or in regard to the
 he met with?”

has told me a great deal about it, but I have al-
 that there was a chapter of it which he
 to.” '

It ' have you thought that?”

 several" times, when speaking of that trip, he‘?
matted to touch upon a part of the subject which
_l ezridently determined not to speak, about; at such
would stop abruptly and leave the subject alto- '

ever mentioned a placelhe found there that

 lreghas  ; 

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

that I have gone into the room At such times, almost im- ' v

the ' Valley’ 2". there.:’ . A . .\
 L V , .  I “And every day between?" L ’ a .
5    I C ~ .’ “Nearly so. E ’ ryday thatll went outside. One

 have   

“Or avstrange people he encountered while he was on 
that trip? A people with hair so blonde that it is almost -
white, but still with brilliant black eyes and beautiful
features——-what is the matter with you, Ferguson ?”‘

“I was wondering, ‘sir; your words brought something
to my mind.”

“Brought what to your mind?”

“Why, sir, the fact that every time I went out of the
house, while we were at the manor,.I encountered upon
the street just such a person as you have described.
Sh%-—”

“She? Was it a woman ?”

“Yes, sir. Certainly, sir.”

“But the woman in this case——the one I am talking
about, should have been tightly locked in prison at that
time." . . ,

“Nevertheless, -sir, it was a woman, and she had hair
and eyes such as you have described. I supposed at
first that the hair was of the sort that is called prema- ~.
turelywhite, but I found out differently, sir. I found
out differently.” '

CHAPTER VIII.
ONLY ONE WAY OUT.

“Whit do you mean——that you found out differently?”

“I mean that I grew tired of meeting her continually, _
and having her stare me out of countenance with’ her
great, big, black eyes, and one day I stopped her, and I
said, rather sharply: ‘Madam, a woman of your age
ought to be ashamed of herself to be making eyes at a
man in my position, the way you do ;’ for there was no
mistaking it, sir; that was what she had been doing, and
I hate that kind of a huzzy.” ‘ ‘

"Well ?” said the detective, laughirrg. “What did she
say to that?" ; '
“She just looked the htraight in the face and laughed '

at me; and I saw that she was not only young, but very
beautiful; and then she said to me: ‘Ferguson, you’re a
fool!’ just like that she said it. Alnd thenwshe shrugged ‘
her shoulders and passed on again beforell could reply 
to her. But  doubt if I should have, done so anyhow, 
I was that amazed at her.” .
“Were those the only words you ever had with her?" a 1"
“Yes.". i 
“And all that
“Yes.” _
“When were the ﬁrst and the last times you ever saw
her up there?” , ‘
-‘‘The first day we were there and the last day we were

you know about her?” i ' {I

 

      
  

  

    

o

 
 

   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
   

'1  after that time, when I spoke to her, she I
’ eemed to see me at all.” '
‘Vwien you did encounter her, was it’ when you were
' ’ the house or when you were returning to it?”
entl was leaving.” ’
_ , how long were you usually away at such times?”

I Ncit to exceed two hours-; rarely more than an hour.”
“How did your master seem to you on your return
from those absences?” ’ T ' "
“‘.Tlie same as usual, sir. Why?” ‘
P “Becaua I think it likely that the white-headed woman
‘  \'p‘atching’fbr you to go out, in order that she might
A upon Mr. Starbuck.” .
-‘j ,".I-g.don’t see it that way, sir, at all. If Mr. Starbuck
 an invalid or a helpless gentleman, or if he were
‘i ‘ master of himself and of all who serve him, I
d not wonder at such a suggestion, possibly; but
It“ stands, I have served him ‘a good many‘years, and
have never. known him not to do anything he wished to
orithe mere reason that he feared the comments of _
~ ’I don’t think he cared anything at all‘ about the
on of what he called the world. If he _had-wanted
receive a lady in his rooms—‘I’sa! if he had wanted
such a thing, he would have done it without asking
‘gr -o - ’s permission, or withoutattempting to disguise
 that he had done so. He wouldn’t have asked
rem about it, nor would he have taken the trouble
 the facts'fr‘om' me. , l ,
 another thing, too, sir. If anybody had watched

‘ going awayiin order to go to my master—well,
that might have been easy enough, it wouldn’t
, been healthy for that person, man or woman, if my
1'' objected. He would not have hesitated.
Aild now,’ sir, that.is all I know a ut the affairs of
Starbuck. I think that he has -become involved in
way with someshing that is supernatural. Say
you ple:>se,. and think what’ you please, that is my

wli

\

    
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  

gpnegout of these roﬁrns in it most rny's"teri-
*He A‘ weighed considerably more than two’
; he is more thatrsix feet tall; he is as_
‘,0, four ordinary men;'he ' afraid of

  

IS
', I never saw ‘him give evidence of any
’-he r'eceived those mysterious letters.”
he was afraid of them. do You 3” -.
 them. I won’tesay more than
’goiu‘g_.to say that; with his weight and
§,!Id,fearlessn_cSS. 0f slum. It 1135 1'9’
’ ' um; merely_na'tural causes to.
kngagnerr ‘He couldn't go through_
Pg},-jgmney, nor out at the win-

   
 
   

   
     
  

     
  
  

 
 

NEW’ NICK TCARTER W

‘I through that.

tions just yet.

_..,,an¢th3 ﬂan the

EEKLY. {\ 12
amined the casings carefully, and once more looked out
upon the court so far below where he stood.

Then he raised ‘his eyes and studied the edges of the
roof where it projected over the court, two and a half
stories higher up. i

“Ferguson,” he said, turning back again and closing
the window, “I want you to go to the oﬂice and ask the
manager -of the building if he will kindly come up here
for a little while. You need say nothing to him in refer-
ence to Mr. Starbuck.”

Ferguson, rather rebuked ‘for his discursiveness, ha-
stened away without a word, and while he was gone Nick
again inspected the room where he was-—-the room from
which Starbuck had disappeared. -

If he had uttered his thoughts aloud as he started to ' ﬂ
dothat, he would have said:

“There should have been one of those mysterious
notes described by Ferguson received by Starbuck this
morning, it my idea is a correct one. It should have
been found by Starbuck immediately after he dismissed
Ferguson——or'immediately before he called him into the
room to give the order that he was not to be disturbed.

“In either case, he hardly had the time or the oppor-
tunity to destroy that note. If he destroyed it, there
should be evidence of the fact here; if he did not take it
with him when he went away the note should be here
somewhere now—and there must have been" such a note
if the theory hat has occurred to me is the correct one.’§

He searched the room eagerly and rapidly, but without
result. ;_

There was a small desk in one corner. and he went
The bureau he served in the same man-
ner; he opened the books, expecting that something
would drop from between the leaves of one of them.

Nothing whatever came of his search, and at last he

stepped back into the middle of the floor and stood there
wi\th his eyesﬁxed upon the couch where Starbuck had . I »
been lying. ’
-' “He was lying on that couch,” mused the detective.
‘(He dismissed Ferguson because he was expecting a
visit from his-—from the writer of the notes; from the
same person who has visited him before, at the manor,
or more probably from Idayah herself this time.

“Lying upon that couch and expecting her momen-1;;
tarily— perhaps terribly dreading the coming, it wo;l1ld.i--‘k-
be natural that he should read the note again. '_l .. 

"Now, I know that he was not alone more than ten '
minutes, sh it is probable that while he was refltadiﬂg
that noteihe heard her approach. Where? At the door?
At the window? I won't attempt to reply t°»th°5¢ Q1139: 

.\ ‘

l
v

:2-. e

 
    
      
  
 
       
   
  
 

“But, hearing her approﬂ-Chi .Ai  Wash 290 wile;-;
seal the note——w 9°‘ "'1-*   .
c r  1 an swam. I

‘s '\ ,

   
     

  

0

 

    

     

I “Now, seeking to rid himself of the note very quickly,
gw ' what would he do with it? The answer is obvious to
"1’, one who is standing here. I wonder that I wasted my
% time in searching elsewhere in the room.”

.‘He stepped forward with two quick strides, bent over
.. the couch, and from between the upholstery of the back
 . and the seat of the couch at about the middle of the
length of it the detective drew forth a folded slip -of
paper—-a slip that was tightly folded inside an envelope,
1. the whole being of very thin paper.

. ~A'Drawing out the slip, the detective gazed upon it in
the utmost perplexity, for, although there was unmis-
 ‘ takably writing upon it, he could not read it.
L Even, the characters with which the words were
formed were unknown to him; the whole was in a lan-
guage that he had never heard of before, and written
‘with an alphabet which was as entirely unknown.
‘  Possibly it resembled Arabic more than anything else
,‘ --and yet it was not Arabic.
P “And the Vrouble is,” he thought tozhimself; as he
ggazed upon the strange writing, which had been done
’ with a red crayon, “that it is doubtful if in all this coun-
._try -I can ﬁnd a person who could ‘translate it for me.
Anyhow, I will keep it.” -
' [He placed it carefully in a compartment of his pocket-
Thdok just as Ferguson returned, accompanied by the
‘ ‘manager of the hotel apartments.
 "Mr. Blessington,” said the detective, “I have some
 news for you. Mr. Starbuck has mysteriously
disappeared from his‘ rooms here,» and almost before our
yes. Ferguson is i of the opinion that supernatural
__ “forces have been at work, but you and I will not adopt

" that theory. I do think, however, that natural forces
have been employed which are so entirely unfamiliar to
i.gs.that we might well regard them as supernatural. I
i an’: you to promise me to keep it all’: secret from
Everybody. Will you do that?" .
_Why,‘ yes; I suppose so. But—-” , _
 mind the buts just at present. Ferguson and
» know that Mr. Starbuck was in this room at one mo-

 und, ﬁguratively, was gone thenext moment. We
knuwtlaat he did not pass through any of the doors into
 hall} we know that he could not go up the chimney,
 git-ougih ‘the keyholes, and therefore there remains
 one m_etho_d of exit from here that was at all pos-

". ‘ '  ' V
confess, Mr. C3ﬁU",‘itl'lat I don't see that there is
diner.” « do V ~
.. . are the windows, Mr. Blessington.”
i ;uegs my soul! We are sixteen stories from the

v

   
   
  
  

 

  

   

  

‘ i

 
  
   

  

ii  I the roof. 7I£’the_ windows were em-
 .  to   oipthat ‘now...

..xv-ilr

' , v ANEW_ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

to tell us.”

“mess IN rm: snow Ann rm: mm ‘on Till‘ 

  
  
 
 

:1. . 5“

  

“Well?” ,
“It would have been necessary that he should descend ~
through the building. There ‘is no other roof as high as iii;
this one nearer thanthe Times building, and that is very?
far away. He could not have gone out that way without
returning through the building in order to reach the
street, and why should he have done such a thing at all?”
“Vlk cannot reply to the whys and whereforcs just
now. The one thing that we do know is that he is gone. 
I want you to take me to the roof.” .
_ “How could he get to the roof, Mr. Carter? How
could he get to the roof from one of those windows ?” _
“It has not occurred to me that he could do so with- 
out assistance,” replied the detective. “My own idea-- ,
I need not tell you just why at the present time—is that i‘
he was taken to the roof through one of those windows.” 
"Taken to the roof! Do you mean that, Mr. Cartcr‘;'r"
the whole thing is so utterly absurd that I am com- is
pelled to laugh.” _
“Nevertheless you will admit that he has gone some-_ 

    
  
 
  

where.”
1 “I will admit that you say so.”
'\“Sir, .I " ~ '

“Pardon me, Mr. Carter, I did not intend any re- 
ﬂection upon your statement. What I meant was that -1
Mr. Starbuak is probably at this moment ‘enjoying a ,

ﬁigar with one of his friends in another part of the
ouse.”

“All right. You_ forget that he could not leave the, ‘
rooms without our knowledge-—Ferguson’s and mine--_
save by one of those two windows. ' Have you a means
of access to the roof? I mean have you the keys with
you ?” i =

“Yes.” ‘ ‘'

“Then if you will kindly conduct me there, I have no.»
doubt that we will discover some sort of evidence to‘
prove that he has been there. Come.” ‘

“It is so utterly preposterous, you know; but, -0
course, I will take you there. But how do you suppow
he got oﬁ the roof, if once he got upon it-? He had
key. There is no way of making oneself heard from‘
there. Corne,, I will take you to the roof, and then V

 
    

          
    
 

   
 
   
     

   
  
   
  

    
   
    
  

 
     
  

  

made through the-house for Mr. S,tarbuck.”
“1 think,” said the detective. “thatyou will not ﬁnd
necessary to do that. I think the roof will have a :

      
   
 
   
   

$1-¢u:-an

cnA1>'rEa IX. ,

      
   

The time of year was the first week in U; H I
There had been at-slight fall of snow duringthe
 and, although this had entirely -‘v -H

.5“

 
     
 
 

      

   
 
   
   
   
  
  
    
    
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
   
 
   
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 

V 78
lalanket-covering, upon the roofs of the houses and

gs of the city. ‘
who had taken the key from the hand of Man-
"'::Blessingfon, himself opened the door which ad-
ed them to the roof, and then, with a signal to the
» to wait, he stood there for a long time, carefully
 the general appearance of things in front of

In. i

L The roof was perfectly ﬂat, save for the numerous,
 cle—like projections from the top of it such as one
discover upon the summit of any of the tall build-
angs in New York. r
 hese are chimneys, ventilators, water-tanks, and
' -i devices which go toward the requisitions of such a

W
>‘.\U' l

,,0ver all was a delicate covering of snow, which did
‘exceed in depth an eighth of an inch, but which
,_ as telltale a tracking space as could well be imagined.
It was instantly evident to the detective that some-
y‘o'r something had been there, and had left traces
their presence, but the’tracks were not at all what
Carter expected toﬁnd, and he studied the things
Saw with a puzzled expression on his face that would
amused any one of his assistants could one of them
1: seen it. « _

g The court in the center of the building has been partly
i'jllsu-i1>ed.- It should be said now that the building itself
A ' an-entire city block, so called, and that the

—- ‘away from the noises of the street, were yet

T ,the windows which fronted on the avenues and

-

«Kalil

' ' judged, directly over the place where the
'; of StarBuck’s rooms were located, and was
‘thirty feet  edge of it."

,u_pon the snow on the roof, from this 
jdeteefive discovered, the following puzzling‘

_  caused that corrugated expression onuhis

 
  

 of roof-—were two sets of parallel
’; between each set, which were.ab,011t
 and with ot_h;¢r"¢f0s‘s-bars fmtn .0118
other,  ‘re,-he perhaps ten feet apart.

'   the snow wereexactly as if
  putdown there in the
it with each other, and about
 asides--‘ands as if the two

die otherby cross

  

  

  
  
 

   
 
   

g  and the opening of this hoodlfaced the-court,.

NEW NICK CARTER _WEEKI-_Y.

more light and airy and pleasant to look from, than

19

It is necessary that the reader should understand as
perfectly as possible exactly how these tracks in the
snow appeared; therefore:

Imagine, if you call, a bare space of perfectly level
snow; imagine yourself in possession of two common
ladders, each thirty feet in length, and made with the
rounds sixteen inches apart: imagine these ladders placed

‘parallel with: each other upon that stretch of snow, at at
distance apart of ten feet; imagine them connected with
each other by stretchers, four in number-—that is, one at
either end and others at distances of ten feet from either
end. If you can see that in your mind’s eye you will see
exactly what Nick Carter discovered when he pushed
open that door to the roof and stood upon the threshold
looking out. .

Now again: Place yourself in that doorway looking
toward the court; imagine that you see directly in front
of you, and, pointing toward the edge of the roof. the
imprints already described~—tmd nothing else.

That was the circumstance. ‘ \

There was not a trace of a footprint anywhere; there

 

was not another mar upon the surface of the snow save
those already mentioned; the doorlfrom the interior of
the‘ building to the ‘roof was not only\locked when Nick
approached it flpm the inside, but it was also bolted, so’
that nobody could have passed out tllrough it unless that"
person had entered the building. again and refastened the
door oil the inside; and nobody could have passed into
the building from the roof unless somebody had been
there at the door to admit that person.

And yet, there were the strange~looking tracks in the "
snow, appearing as if they were the result of the pres-
ence there of two ladders; yet, there was the certainty

. that those tracks had been made there since daylight that

\

  where he stood-e-where there was a,‘

.bgr i ‘But where were’thh   
‘J:  ~';' )0 7  . ii

- windows to the apartment of Gerald Starbuck. ‘

morning; yet there was the certainty, as’ Blessington in-  H
formed the ‘detdctive in reply to a question, that nobody‘ 

had‘ been out of that door to the roof in weeks; and

there was also the ‘certainty that the tracks could not 
have been made where they were without human agency.‘ __

From where the detective stood they pointed ‘directly;
at the edge of the roof over the court, and also overthe

It looked as if the ladders had been placed there: by
somebody whd had used them to avoid making tracks in A
the snow; it looked as if those ladders had supported’
some sort of a platform, upon which €113’! P575011 had.‘
wall<ed,ein order to make it possible “to reach the win N
.d0ws of Starbuck’s apartxneutui‘ ' N 

/ V .

U

      

  
 

 

 

l

 
  
      
       
  
     
         
  

    
  
   
   
     
   
  
  
  
    
        
     
   
      
      
     
  
  
  

 were not upon the roof. There was‘ nothing-
 the roof that was movable. '

. I It ‘was against the ordinances of the city, and also the
I rules of the building, to leave any article upon the roof
which might be blown into the street and endanger life;
‘anyhow, there was nothing there--there were no ladders
k there! ‘ ‘ ~
“ ' There were absolutely no other traces of any kind
*3. upon the soft snow, which would have taken the slightest

impression, and preserved it, too. . ‘

' H _“What in the world are you looking at ?” asked Bless!
ingtou, at "last, _and with considerable impatience; and
the detective without replying, pointed toward the tracks
in the snow; the tracks of the mysterious ladders. 7'
"Hello l” exclaimed the manager. “That‘ is funny,

  

_ ‘ve done that,,and Simpkins hasn't been up here, I
ilmow-not in a long time.”

‘“But those tracks were made where you ,see them
 daylight this morning," said the detective.

7 “It looks as if a pair of ladders had been laid down
ﬁtere, doesn't it P”/murmured themanager.

'f:'Ye_s,” admitted the detective.

“We don’t own such a pair of ‘ladders as that would
‘ " have made, Carter; and, anyhow, they wouldn’t go down
 h this stairway, if we did have them.”

  

   

   

  

 much too long. And nobody has been up here.

 come here, after the way is closed, without my
‘ - permission. But there are the tracks.”
I ea; there are the tracks.” '
 you account for them, Carter?”

:h3v!en’t.aoeount'ed for the:-he‘-yet.” . M

   
      
   
      
   

 

eons,  his voice heard.’ , » v
r. Costa,”  said, "when I was telling you about

ysteriout  at the.rnanor,_and about my.
“ I    person or person; there—-

 it tellyou that ‘I had
 tracks thereeas-‘;thue‘.” ‘ I

       
     
      

     

NEW "NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. isn't it? Nobody but Simpkins, our engineer, could

is true,” said the ‘detective. .“They were too '

, .Wi'l0.h8€I accompanied them to the top of.

’ down upon his knees in the snow for a moment‘

then, he rose slowly to his feet and ‘returned to the
ﬁway,‘  the others.

 

3*

“When was that?” ‘ C

“One moming—no, it was afternoon, but it was after
a light fall of snow. The tracks were upon the roof of I
the mansion, too, just as these are upon the roof. You
know, sir, that the manor-house is not exactly ﬂat roofed
--but it is almost flat, declining from the middle, where

‘ I
4‘

v
.5.
it
T
xi

xi».

, there is a cupola, to the eaves at each of the four sides. "

You remember?”
“Yes.” ‘

I “When I ﬁrst entered the service of Mr. Starbuck we ' I
lived a great deal of the time atitheimanor, and I used

to like to stay in that cupola as much as possible. I even ‘
ﬁxed it up inside as a sort of place of retreat, when I 
The notion struck r
me to go up there one afternoon, while we were there
thisfi last time, and upon looking out of the window I‘
saw\ just such tracks as those are upon the roof. I ii
thought nothing or, it at the time-——ha.d entirely for--
gotten the incident, in fact, and I doubt if it would ever 
have occurred to me again if the sight of these, so ex-
actly like them, had not reminded me of the circum-
stance.”

‘“You say that those tracks were exactly like these,
Ferguson?’ '‘ I
' “Yes, sir.”

“In every particular?” ’

“Yes, sir. Even to the regularity of thosecross-bars,’
which seem to extend between the impressions of the
two ladders.” ‘

was not employed at other things.

  

“You say that you discovered the tracks upon the roof
of the manor, one afternoon. Now, was it one of the.’
afternoons after you had Heard the voices in eonverlasf
tion in your master's room ?” ’

“Yes, sir. It was.”

‘ "Very good. Now excuse me a m0mcnt,pBlessington.
Remain where you are, if you please, until I taketa li
look around me on the ‘roof. Then we will go below H
again.” , A g ' jl
_ rcareless now of how he ‘obliterated the tracesiof tho
“ladders,” the detective stepped out from the -.
and walked to the edge of the roof, and there he'_

  
  
      
    

   
  
  

   
     
   
  
 

leaned over so that he could see into the court be
him. ‘He remained in thatposition a. little wlujlegx?

 
    
  

were mating mint  »
  "he. i ’

   

 ;_:

  
     
 
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
  

  

,,,;I,have found out»—-nothing.” was‘the reply.

I can see by your face that you have an idea;
_ this is not so much a mystery to you as it was
 that somehow the words that Ferguson said to
j":-have put you on theright track for an explanation

the mv-tery-” ' ' '

 are right, Blessington; butvl am not ready to
. yqu my ¢_onj¢ctures as yet. For, after all, there are
more than conjectures, now. Come; let us re-
, to Starbuck’s rooms. We will do our talking there,
 is any more talking to do. It is cold up here.”

_'  silence they made their way back to the apartment;
 they entered; in silence they halted, each

ing-at  same object that awaited them there.

was lying in the middle of the ﬂoor as they entered
.  each"of ‘the ‘men who saw it knew
. itihad notbeen there when they went out; each one
I.  in'some mysterious manner, it had been placed
-"it was since they left that room.

the objectdtself? It was a square sheet of paper
riting upon it-—writingi that had been done in red
X‘ I ;‘andby red crayon is meant that it might have)
done with an ordinary red pencil such as children‘
for ooloring pictures in books. — -

I the writing was in the unmistakable chirography

unﬁt '

' as if he had done it in haste, and with no con-
,‘ such as a table, for ‘instance, to rest the paper
 he wrote; but  signaturewas unmistaka.
. ”c~'k9s.. - ‘ V’ ., ,'g_ _  .~ '
“we. read aloud  V V
" i-t.:‘I shall be absent forjfan  tint-

‘  in charge of my eﬂeets, and of these
‘hi I hear from me again.’ ’ There is sui-
 desk to keep you going until you do '

Guam Sr.utnvcx.’."

 
 

 
    
  
     

i I   folded  said the '
 aided as ¥H9.z°'*nt° tn °°‘
  .h°.'°».

 

V  NICK CARTER WEEKLY.’

the elevator. ,

 '52: »: V " <

21

both to remain here until I return. I will make my own
inquiries this time.”

He left the room without another word, and hurried
to the elevator. In the cage as he descended he hap-
pened to be the only passenger, and so he, questioned that
elevator man at “once. L

“Have you happenedto let a stranger off at that ﬂoor
within the last ﬁfteen minutes?” he asked.

“Yes, sir. A tall, dark man, who asked for Mr. Star~
buck, and said he was expected. I had to point out
Mr. Starbuck’s door to him, as he said he didn’t know
where it was.” ‘ V

At the ground ﬂoor Nick hurried to the oﬂice desk. .
To the clerk he said:

“Was there some one here a few moments ago who
asked for Mr. Starbuck ?”

“Yes,” replied the clerk. “He did not stop at the
desk, but walked directly to the elevator and went up.
When that elevator came down again, I asked what the
stranger wanted,‘and was told that he had gone to Mr.
Starbuck’s rooms, having said that he was expected.
He went out within a few minutes. I saw him pass the
office. Was Mr. Starbuck annoyed? I am very sorry,
but the man got past me, and went up before I had a‘
chance, to stop him.”

“Oh, there is no harm done at all,” replied Nick. “He
missed Mr. ‘Starbuck, that is all. You are sure that he
went out again?”

“Yes.”

“How long ago ?”
‘ “Less than ten minutes.’’. ‘
 him ‘plainly enough so that you can de- _{ -
scribe him to nie?’»i ‘ ' e V 5

‘fln a general way, yet}. He was tall and dark; looked ”
like .a foreigner. In fact, all he_ needed to resemble a 
Hindu was a turban; but he was dressed like an Arneri-g‘ 
can, hat and all. He "was rather a handsome man,  '
a gentleman, I thought. There was a suggestion of   a
‘distinguished’ about him.”   

“Thank you,” said the detective; and he rerurhod 

     
    
    
 
 

 

   
      

Up-stairs he said to Manager Blessingﬂim H .
“There seems to be no mysteryshouttbe leaving of
the letter on the ﬂoor. .'I‘hen»wu a nutter: who eating

up to this ﬂoor whilewi * "I:  He ii

  

   
  

   

 “Yes, Mr. Carter.” -
"You have heard me read that letter, and you know
Starbuck’s signature is appended to it, don’t you?"
 we both realize now that there is a mystery con.-
with this aﬁair; eh ?”
FYes.~ I should say sol”
"“I have for a long time been aware that there was a
story of some kind rnifted up in the life of Gerald
scpaihucie, one”: he started to tell me all about it, but he
was interrupted before he had told anything of im-
 _ce, so I am practically as much in the dark as you
‘But this letter tells us that _at least he has not been
*‘l_3!'9d.‘ In some mysterious manner, which we are un-
saﬁléiieto-iexplain, he has been spirited away from his
T’ ,:and we can find no trace of him for the present;
A we hnhw frhm this note that he is in his right mind,
 possession of his senses,‘ and that he at least be~
m , himself to be in no immediate danger, for he
of  to Ferguson again very soon.”
gtepiys I . . I

 M  into all this preaunble because I wish to _

I’; ' I’ absolutely silent in  to the strange

xgngfizifi this "day. Keep the information to your-

Do  tell the clerks, even.’ Ferguson will re-

?  he will inform peopleiwho in»

or his4ma£tcrlthzt'h,e'is out of town for a time.
so at am. war  i

N

-7 allwthc 8&m¢.j1I¢09Tca&teh:Ilyfionlthe watch-and’
Lﬂvill do lll€'.l’GM¢.*i   every person
yrs: sirbucxg carefully we-tched—-only»'I doubt

I  who is associated with this aﬁair
here  now that-Ferguson, has «received

._ ‘I,

V machine has ﬁgured. {I wish replies to tlie - «a
 qw-'Sfl°ﬂI._and I give the assurance that‘-the,rel‘.al:all;
- no publicity vwhatever in connection with the 
; with the in(ormation.y0u,give me, unless I  3

how to 'explain!these mysteries, I promise you that you 1
shall be told. Until that time, you must do.as I d<>—-haves '

patience and wait.”
Then the detective turned to Ferguson.

4“You have told me,” he said, “that you are never‘
afraid; so I wish you to remain here in these rooms .

until further orders from me. I mean, do not leave the
building unless it is‘ imperative that you should do so,

ahd donot leave the rooms more than is necessary. It

you should be obliged to go out, leave a note for me
about it, exactly where we found this one-—-in the middle
of the ﬂoor. And you may give me an extra key to thi‘
apartment, so thatil can enter when I please, in case you
are not here.” 7

The detective was in the street ten minutes after that,_

but he did not pause there or turn his glance to the right
or the left as he hurried horneward- and when hergot
there he called his ﬁrst assistant into the study with him.
and closed the door. ~ ‘ _

 “Chicl-:,’? he said, smiling. “I1 have run up against 51
,very interesting and a very incomprehensible puzzle, and
‘as is my usual habit I am going to use you as a ‘testing;
out’ machine. That is, I shall want you to take the 
posite side ‘of every argument that I advance and do your
utmost to beat me in the argument at that. Now. as.
soon as I have given a few long distance orders over:
the telephone I will talk "with you.” V

Hiseﬁrst call was for Pittsﬁeld, Massachusetts~é-f
the headquarters there of the Aero Club; afterward ‘
called up the justly celebrated Doctor Thomas; in N
jersey; and after that he called one after an/dither,
headquarters, and each man of prominence which _jwi
and‘ who was in any way associated with any forxnfi
hallooningw.-—with any form of aeroplaning, or ligheeg
than air and heavier than air navigation. ,

Of each Ofjthese he askeda stated ‘set of que
’which‘he' prepared while he waitedfor the ,answer"to— A
ﬁrst call; and they were as‘ follows: ' V V  

#1 gm Nick Carter.. Iain interested in a  
which I think that a balloon or*sorne eortof a 9 4

n

»

   ‘ '£he.9v¢#'tions ms

 H: ,_   , MN.‘ ,

   
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
       
     
 

 W_hat._inventor.s do you know about, and where are
’ located, who are now engaged upon work of this’
I who may be engaged in making experiments?

hat information have you that would cover any of
questions? ' ‘

ave you seen or have you heard that there has been
in the air at any place, recently, an‘ unknown ﬂying-
.‘ e? I »
“Have youany information at all which would aid
;in_.the {inquiries I am making, the general drift of
I I you can understand from the queries I have made?
izhave numbered my questions. Please reply ‘by
when _you answer, and have the expense charged
._a:.tthisend.V , , y - 
‘  will bedictated and sent to you at once, fully
, I ‘A the reasons for these questions.” I ‘
i _ the intervals of waiting the detective talked
.  assistant; and here is a -record of that fre~
y interrupted “tent: "
‘ck,”7he said, *‘we are up against it again in the
.- Lease. Rollins, ‘a turnkey,‘ appeared here this
 ; ‘with the information that Idayah had.escaped
.. .  by the use of that same strange powder that
 rt E blinded me with. There isn’t much mystery
 ‘ parties it, ioeit has  been understood
of the  Juggler‘: know how to
a powder   the air.

   
 

my be used whet-ie*‘t§iere~‘»is"tto air. 
I settles. _ It is  I wish

‘ ,3;  solely-ieit would???
 kgqgledge, of theaecrets of her
i isxlocated somewherein Nepwl;

is

     
     

 “NICK. _ CARTER WEEKLY.

. ing about it iniiisilileg: toefe‘  space

with them_ about it-—-after I receive answers from all the L 

23

stories below the roof of the building. You know the
house?”
“Yes.”
“The ‘disappearing powder,’ if I may call it that,
could not have played a part in this affair, and, there-
fore, Starbuck went out through the window. V
“On the roof of the building where Starbuck lives a it
light fall of snow is resting.

In the snow there are no
tracks save those which might have been left by a couple
of ladders, placed side by side there—-or by some sort
of a ﬂying-machine which alighted there.

"There are no such ladders  the building or on the

-roof; no such ladders could have been taken into the

building, or upon the roof, without the knowledge of the
people in the building, and there are no footprints of
man or_ woman upon the roof, and hence the act was
There is no
other explanation. Now, what do you say to that?”

“I say that it is absurd.”

‘‘Twenty-five years ago, if you had been seated in a

done by some sort of a flying-machine.

room where there was a phonograph-—-if you had heard ii

voices proceed from that instrument, not knowing what
it was, and you had told about it later, the man you told
of the phenomenon would have replied that it was ab-V
surd. Don't you think so?”

“Yes.” . A

“Well, that is the reply to your remark. Absurd as it
may seein, there was a ﬂying-machine since there could
have been no other way.” ‘

“Well? Go on, Nick.” _ . .

“Youhave heard what I have been sayingofver the 
telephone?-which might  counted another absurdity
if we_‘ we;-ghnot so  with it—-and later, I shall call
‘up. the ,_‘.Wt-ight.brothers,_ in Indiana, and, have a chat

 

    
     
       
    
    
 

others. Now; we know of the great strides that have
lately  in the so-called ‘heavier-than-air’ propose =.
sition. I have decided in my own mind that tbere's‘s‘{i
flying-machine of some sort in this business.” ’ 

 
  
     
  

.a *

  

“Then what am I to argue about?” 
“Why; you can say that if there was such I  
ing, about over the city as late as=nqoh't°-d8)’-it wonisi 
have been seen and commented upon.".g«—‘- ‘~~ " :-'~—i
ﬁrbet idea occurred to me; bsrt:":io't’_‘:9é=ﬁ!°d 9,0 _ _,
team" ¥°~:'8\188¢-*1‘-ﬁe‘? ;

K.
..‘
v .i

      
     

 

  

   
  

   
  
 
  
 
   
     
   

l ‘NEW NICK CARTER‘ WEEKLY.‘ W
p i  where it was s'een—-—and I think, honestly, after the manner of the American eagle, and carried him";
you are a lﬁtle bit, ‘up in the air.’ yourself about this away, as the eagle would transport a tender lamb?” 
' “Don’tchaif. I didn’t call you here toldo that.” s '
/“Well, suppose there was a» ﬂying-machine?’’ .
V “Yes.” » i
. i“Suppose itywas operated by Idayah.”
CHAPTER XI. - ‘‘Yes.’’ a ' .
i 4 “How did she get into the room where Starbuck was 
waiting for her?” I ‘ T‘ 9

 

THE FOURFOLD PROBLEM.

 

 Chick, I am confrontedby a fourfold’ prob-
 fltiis comprehendedjn, or by, four questions. They

 
 
  

u 1' '  - . ' o 
how you are talking. She alighted on the roof With“
the machine, the supports of which, when it rests upon V

‘ '7)

the ground .

L » ' -is Idajrah? , _ .
‘What is her mysterious power? ~ ‘ -

Air‘

 

“Or upon a roof,”

‘How did she get him out‘ of his rooms in the apart; "Yes? the 5“PP°*"‘3 are made by 10113 SW95 that are .
To  '” . ’- ‘ fastened together after the manner of a ladder  either
 33.1,,“ take mm out ataxia That ;5_ why does side, and these in turn are bound together by connecting 

"Ssh tospirit  away? . I ’4 ‘rods between them. All of these rested in the snovrat .
I ‘  you 5,¢_ .D,aw a bracket age, those few. (Ines. the top of,the building. The machine alighted in a 

 age,» the hrackct P13“ 3,, int“-gogaﬁon ,,m.kjn tion thatﬂwas lengthwise with the ends of the two sup
1   b¢ igegfgcﬁy ggﬁgﬁgd  gt was she who 4 ports projecting »a\ foot or more over the edge of 
tmgrig him. ;,'“,ayy _ X _  roof, above Starbuck’s windows. .'Whether she w
Emu ; at 1493;: that is my m,,c1'.,s;°,;_-‘- ' ’ ._ V is E. alone on the machine, or if she had an assistant with her
    that ;t__i,n_{t an we huge hoax that it was not necessary that she should step off the aﬁair;
 in  upon you and others P’’_ . AV rope ladder, or.a sling, affixed to the ends of the sup:
  ham’; thc,int¢mge,,.ce :5 havepé... ports where they projected over the edge of the 

=   “mm “*0:-haiveg’g°'ng  his lagafﬁ-neat‘ would aﬁord a safe: and sure means of descent toithg
 as he did without fssistanee ,1’: aha he Wl"d9W~ Shc had already 3PP1’i5¢d,1‘tim Of 1161'" '-° ' ‘~'
mg j,g*§¢7 (ﬁg go and 1e33,;  "-33: be.‘ arrival, for I found a‘ note that was evidently from 
; l ‘r  :h§=w'3,‘;tak¢,§ out in a banoon 5,, with 3 making the appointment, although it is in a language thﬁ’ -
"ma ‘},,p 'm_'5    M M ‘ ‘ . A. I cannot read.  pulley with a clutch if a slings
. hi hi:  tmhavle wmebody go afte, used, would afford a safe and sure means)

    
   
   
  

      
   
  

  
     
   

   
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
  

   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   

pp p M roof from ‘the window, and one can ‘always wt :3 i
  "   W? * V ‘)2  t » more than onefs own weight. ‘You know that?”
A   P3,'0vid€,d we ',“Y°3f” » ’ it 1/ . ' i W. ’ »
 Who  3'b31l!-‘I‘¢.1'i.‘ Toliviione couldn't A :‘.Tlie ﬂying~~maehine was at least thirty feet in .4.
I i (‘ ,b¢§¢.g}g¢ city ya; that h¢;g£?¢g_;h§‘¢,’y with- if the ends projceted two‘ feet over_,the&edge of the ‘
  by }&ol;§i6ody,*' ‘ ' ~which would be,» amply suﬂicicnt-—there wdialrl—
’  r  ii 5‘  twenty-eight feet afA_leverage.tosuppoi-t 
ﬂ'y~irig-machine ideaa*at-ia‘1l;’f'': ’ the;ir’§.b°di€S. in ‘making the ascent; and that
 aye_disappeari‘u§’»s.p5w, "more t118n:§hree times suflicient, That is..ma  L
¢¢d'i’fﬁaiemyée?tMer?¥ ,<=hic*=-"s ~    e    t     A
i ‘ "“  ,   L““’°*-»**’W=ve ~upposins»F“****'='r>ro:ectsas‘. ' end’: 
 -maehirig wene1trong~.enough." V _  1 T
" :”T.‘\’{s':’hnve_§9t’,to  that."  " -' Q‘ 

‘   ;havsi.rat7Lw '

       
     
  

     
 
  

   
  

  
   

\.,

    
  

  
   
 

  
 
 
 

  

        
  

3

       

   

  
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
     
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
 

‘Well,*~now-, Nick, there 'is‘another question which

Good;  is ‘what. »I,, want—unanswerable ques- ‘
~ ions.‘ _I have only had a_ few of them-in connection with

. one?” _ .
‘,‘You have told me that ‘Ferguson was in the adjoining
to his master’s‘all, the time; that he had seen Star-
 within ten ‘minutes. of the time of your arrival
re;y._that you had waited about an hour after your ar-
beforelhis absence was discovered, but that Fergu-
. i was in the next room to him all the time.‘ Now, the
.tion is this: Do you suppose that Starbzlcle. was
' g to sit there like a Stoughton bottle and allow him-
l_lf (grbe carried off in such a- mariner without once at?
ftiilg to Make any outcry?” . I
-"Yes; I do, emphatically. That is one of the questions
the fourfold problem. ‘What is Idayah’s mysterious
~ ?’ ‘ /She, has exerted it ‘before. At the _Garden,
' he left me as he did, aftersecuring a promise f1'0m
 to turn? around, he, was under the inﬂuence of
 It was the power of‘ fear, of dread,
 ‘You will ‘say that Starbuck is not one to be"
 to  dread; or to feel terror; but he did
for-he showed it in his face at that time. He was
the samemysterious inﬂuence when he was taken
of his room through the "window and carried away
' "a ﬂying-machine.’’ \ _ '
it is’ a1l'so confoundedly preposterous, Nick——”
knhw it is ; and yet it has got beyond the realm of

,. "

.  in the ﬂylngLlnaehine’industry, for ‘it is an
I  "We know "what has ac-
,.\Ve/-areitoldexon  authority that the

    

' invention; we"are ‘told that a. machine

 hnow but what other men in the world
yfijngneasurably farther than: the Wright

 
  

  

b§J:‘i6§I3:é.l¢'0ﬂ‘If0v¢ffdbl¢ fact that in no other
 been taken from that roam.
ladjal evldayall did. . It is the
.3,  ?¢'arcertain moment She had
 any   forjjler com-

    oreave him unaletzll-auto: a

  

  
    
  

  
    
  

  --  _ ‘ NEW -— NICK. CARTER WEEKLY. 

impossible. we both know what strides have lately i

;i§1Jthets-have.ﬂown- thirty and forty and say‘.

 miles.a}§ho‘u: or_better to be prac- _

. imai  of pmgi-¢§sion—,—aud {me we are  , I’ and for mgr: than an

23
the roof at the appointed time. It would not have taken
her ten or'ﬁfteen minutes after that to have him out of

that room and on the roof. A half-hour's ﬂight after
that would have taken him anywhere from twenty to

forty miles away, depending upon the speed of the ma-

chine. Presto! There you are."

“But aeroplanes" have to have a level stretch to start
from, don't they?” _

' “The ones we know about do. But I have citen won-
dered why a, propeller could not be made to extend ver-
tically above the machine, which could be used to raise
the machine from the ground; which could be closed
when a suﬂicient height was attained, and then act as a
sort ofiparachute——and then, if the wings of the thing
were deﬂected, it could soar downward after the manner

of A bird in attaining speed, and so go on, indeﬁnitely.” if

“It all sounds mighty easy. But, admitting that it was
a ﬂying-machine that carried him of}, how are you going
to follow it?”

‘ “I’ll have to give that up—unless we can hear of it.”

“It doesn't leave tracks in the air, as it did on the
snow.”

“No.”

“There is another telephone call, Nick.”

“I hear it.” "

“While you answer, if you don't mind, I’ll take a walk
out and institute a few inquiries about ﬂying-machines.
I would like to ﬁnd out if anything of the sort has been
seen over the city to-day, and I think I know how to do V.
it." ‘ ' ’ ' ,

“How?”. - _ _ ..

“Inquire of the Weather Bureau down-town. That is ’»._ 
at point of constant observation. I might use a telephone, A 5‘
but I  to go there. I’ll get a bite before I
and I’ll order your,dinner sent up here, eh?”

“Yes; do.” I A _ _

And so Chick went out while Nick turned his attention
to the telephone. ‘ ' '  .

‘The answers had begun to come in rapidly-"by

_ hour aster. Chick’:  _
hewaskeiatbusyauhephone    

But to every inquiry he made 

. .

As‘he had supposed, every hallooniand 3"?! hllodi
ist wass’.ln1ow:_;,..uid .e¢..aa:..egeaegs?-at-lne;u:all.;,="
. — I  __~,., M. I, ,~_,_‘.%'h-tﬁr  ’.‘

 
       
  

go out, ‘ 

  

  
       
 
 
       
         
     
 

   

   

 T

  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
     
       
    
     
    
  

NEW

hissearch for information.  balloons were accounted
for; all aeroplanes which would have answered to his de-
scription were pooh-poohed.

3, into communication with the famous Wright brothers, of
Ohio, and Chick had not yet returned even then.

‘ M But the detective was ‘at once interested in what the
{  brothtrs had to say.  hi it
_; - ;_1"Iick began by telling them who he was, for they were
 at the phone, and each with a receivei at his ear,
they told him, although only one of them replied to him.
‘lull: told them very plainly what had happened, and as
‘;,nearly as he could do so, how it happened; and he /con-
i  eluded with the following statement and question:
.i..-. .“I_-,hav_e heard of the reports about your successes,~.and
 Thave‘ believed them. I am ‘not asking you to reveal any
of your secfets, or to tell me what you have or have not
aeemnplished. What I do wish you to tell me is this:
'_Given_ the same conditions as those I have described,
 youor either of you, with one of the machines bf
 T,you;'.‘invention, have ﬂown fronfsay, a point in Jersey
A b to the building in question? Could you have alighted

 urely and securely upon that building? Could you have
 ‘that man-—-willingly, of course—-from his room
and ‘have flown away with him again? In a. word, is it
ieatztltat is possible of performance?”
 reply came without hesitation.

  

  

  
     
  

      
    
   
  

~  have done ‘it. The circumstance that you have
’ M  does not impress us as. at all wonderful; it
certainly is not impossible, and it is‘ as certainly quite
 y I ‘ :_
 you,” said the detective. "And now, by any
 ‘has’ one“of    away from
cg;-3l°Il?'T" - ' ' I
5303 

  
 

  
  

     
  
      
     
 
   

a!iIli';0t~1iea'rly§as far, as. you have done?”
»”?f‘3.‘0s"' -    ' A A o 1 '
‘  thatwouldailme

' g‘,-.

 
 

- ='_'~>r__=‘,‘~.",rg4§‘iT*".; ‘-2-'_‘ '- 42:2‘ '2 ,,._g

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘I It was almost ten o'clock in the evening when he got I

"‘It is a feat that is entirely possible. Either of us‘

» owned and operated by Idayah. I am also convinced .~

  of anybody or have you ‘Heard of any?‘
‘who has  along the same lines asyou4r—.

"om-:,,' - ’ J .' ' ' - _'  .«_ -

“Nick !” he exclaimed. “I shouldn’t at all wonder if ' -
you are right after all in‘ your surmises.” 4

“How is that?” asked the detective. __.,

“Some sort of a ﬂying~machine, which is not a balloon. F
but which has been supposed to be a kite’ in some form, a‘
has been seen overthe city, not only to-day but many
times lately. It is described as being almost invisible,
thecolor being of a gauzy blue, like thesky. Powerful
glasses brought to bear upon. it have revealed nothing‘ p
more than a kite-like arrangement of considerable ex-. 
panse, with two dark specks apparently riding in the
center of it."

CHAPTER XII.
AN’ UNKNOWN VEHICLE or THE AIR.

Notwithstanding the multitudinous questionsiwhieh the g. A
'd/etective asked his assistant respecting the announcement ['gv_?
,he had just made, Chick could vcuchsafe no further in? .4,
/ formation than he had included in the statement made
l by him upon entering the room.

‘ ‘Nor had he been able to learn that the spectacle in the
air had been noticed by people generally. It hadbeen 
seen from the weather observatory, for the reason 
their business was to keep watch of the heavens, and to ,
notice any phenomena of any sort that might be dis— 1
covered; and lately) the bureau-man had admitted, he
had been inithe habit of watching for balloons, being
himself somewhat interested in the’ subject. in

“Well,” said the detective at last, “I am at least satis~
ﬂed now that it was a ﬂying-machine that took Starbucli
away. I-am also satisﬁed that the" ﬂying-machine wah

   
     
   

  
 
  

 
  
 
     

  

     
  

Idayah hasotliers of her own people in this country 
her who are capable of operating the machine as well ‘
she does, and that it was one of them who paid the . ...t ‘
sional visits to Starbuck at hiscountry-place‘ up the Hu .
son.  to bed, Chick. I'm going to sit here and so. I ’
over this puzzle for some time yet. You know there
a thing that we can do now, save to await developni V 
And I_ have a fancy that we will hear something “W ’
Idayah before long. I know rather more about 
she cares to have known outside of her select few, ~ ‘  i
should not besurprised if she decided to pay me
before she departs for her own country, taking Sp,
 alone, he'r'emaine'd for a long time eta’ pp
~=_ V . .: .=~V._g .  ..'\-.4—‘.~‘.:Vf" .;:_; : L,;.:.fg *i;.‘\’"vl 

   
    
  

   
  

 

 

 E“ “‘ i ‘ \..:. I

 
  
   
   

.—,, Once he took a book in his hand and undertook to read
tsipagesi; nut they blurred before his eyes, and he laid
aside again. ’ \
BI-Ie smoked cigar after cigar, and cast"the butts aside,

only to light a fresh" one.
, {At last, as he cast aside what he intended to be his
 ciga}; for that night, he glanced across the room at
 clock and noticed with surprise that the hands pointed
 two. He did not realize that the night had so 'far
ijadvanced. »
5- I_-Ie crossed the floor toward the window, fuming off
;.the\ electric light as he passed it, so that he could see out-
'de to discover_ what sort of a night itywas; and then
I: pulled the curtain aside and put his face close to the
,_p;ane to look out. I
As he did so he started and almost ‘held his breath,
..-'4  against -the starlight, and between him and what light
 was in the sky, a huge shadow ﬂitted past. V
ﬁe had no view of it; it could not be correctly said
that he eyen caught a glimpse of it. He was merely con-
scious  ashadow had  It came, and it had
gone before he was aware of its presence-—lSut he knew
that he had not been mistaken. He knew that the shadow
i’ had come and gone. ‘
Whether it was low down, near the roof of his house,
if it was high in the air, he had no idea whatever;
pt in his present frame of mind he could account for the
in -« . u. e of that shadow in only one way‘—-the ﬂying-
hine. T
litanypther time in his life than that one, he would
e supposed it to be caused by a cloud; but now he
= been thinking of ﬂying-machines ever ‘since Chick
him to retire, and his mind was in that receptive state
 might have evolved itself into‘ a vehicle
it  without astonishment-to his sense of propriety.
 ﬁrst sensation was one of gladness that‘he had

is

 
   
 
  
   
    
     
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

next was the necessity for haste in his movements.

to the upper ‘ﬂoor-s and dashed up them, silently
swiftly. ' ‘ ‘ g '
There  a way out upon Nick Carter's roof by a.
.- , d08¢d'in ﬂight of steep stairs to a hooded door
tlretoofﬁtndhelostnotimeinreachingit.
glpeused there,  turned, the key in the lock-,-
ind listened hefone he sopened. the  M1 ”‘
 gtbisg;—he‘ﬁ¢e:rdVtha stthltlbytftad ‘of f4?“

   
   
  
  
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

V light before he approatihed the window; ’

  sprang to the door; he reached the T

27.

upon th_£:_oof_ outside, and he also heargi the murmur of
voices.  _

“Shall I wait for them, or shall I meet them half-way P”
was ‘the mental question he asked of himself; and he
decided to wait at least for a moment, although his curi-
osity was almost consuming lest his strange callers should
literally take to themselves wings and ﬂy away before he
got a sight of them at all.

But after he had waited a considerable time and no-

body approached the door behind ,-which he stood, his
impatience could no longer withstand the temptation to
discover what was there, and so with great caution he
raised the latch of the door and slowly pushed it open.
t The roof of Nick Carter’s house was one of three
houses in that street which were of the same height, and
as the detective opened the door a little way in order to
see out he was a-truly amazed at what he saw.

Resting lightly upon the roof, and stretching across
it so that it touched upon the roof of the house adjoining,

,was a vapory, translucent, ﬁlmy substance, bird-like in

shape, nearly invisible, and yet plainly there--a substance

,which was without doubt the outlines of the mysterious

nyingmuichote.

Beside it, a few feet nearer to him, were the ﬁgures of
two human beings. Their clothing was of the same neu-
tral coloring as the machine, but he could see them never-
theless; and the unusually tall form of one of them as-
sured the detective at once that it could be no other
than Starbuck himself; while the person with him——-

The detective did not wait to indulge in further con-
jecture.

The ﬂying-machine was there, on his own roof. Star-
buck was there; without doubt Idayah was there. Before
him was-a solution of all die mysteries that had puzzled
the detective so sorely.

With sudden determination he dashed the door wide
open and leaped out upon the roof.

The incidents that followed made him suspect .‘that_ 

they expected him to appear; and indeed, afterward, he
knew that that was so; that his light‘ had been seen to

go out suddenly; that they supposed they had 15¢‘!!! dis‘ 
covered; that they expected him tocome to the roof to “
investigate, and were waiting patiently f0" him i0 3PP¢3"-‘
, having no doubt in the meantime that he was ongasedﬂn

watching them and studying than through a crevicein
tl'1edoor,asheactuallyha’d 
And thusit ,wg_Ss'.‘tha 1dayah_-was.

~. _ _ , "i '- » I

  

  
 
   
 

prepared‘  1‘»‘f A

   
  
 
  
 
    
    
  
     
   
  
  
    

-28

when he suddenly burst through the ‘door and leaped
. toward her. ‘ l
N A Much can happen in an instant of time;‘ much hap~
' ‘pened in the instant of time which followed upon Nick
 r éIarter’s appearance.

. _r From the roof door to the spot where Idayah stood the
 V distance was possibly twenty feet; and any one who is
 familiar with Nick Carter’s capabilities can realize how
ii , little time it required for him to cover it.
_ As if alarmed by his sudden appearance, Idayah started

‘N  from him, and seemed to disappear‘ among thé
folds, or the substance—whatever it was-of the bird-like
-affair that had brought them there; and Nick noticed
’ ‘then, for the first time, that although both ﬁgures -had
V appeared to be standing between him and the machine,
, they were, in reality, standing upon it; and again, as
 she turned away  her companion, who was Star'-
v , buck, Nick heard her say something to him sharply, at
9 _-which he sank down obediently upon the spot where he
was standing. . ,

But by the time Idayah had disappeared, and Starbuck
‘had sank down, so that he was seated with his arms
elasper around his knees, Nick had taken the two or

 jumps required to cover  distance.

‘ ‘ He had alighted upon the machine itself. He seized

  did not answer. He seemed to be oblivious, or deaf
 dumb, or paralyzed-——anyhow, he was incapable of
1 action, for he did not respond in any way to Nick Car~
’t.et’s, words or acts.

U_And then the whirring as of an electric fan of huge
proportions startled the detective; and instantly be was
 that thestrange vehicle of the air was leaving
yroof, was rising vertically away from it—._.wa.;- carry.
in: him away uiith it into the unknown spaccsof the air.
 he called to Starbuck and received no response,
ﬂflgenheseizedhiminhisarmsandsoug-httoruisleigim
V4-but only to ﬁnd that short straps were around his

a  wlieh held him ﬁrmly in his place.

 machine was  rising from the roof. It was
‘V — five feet gbove it when Nick dived into his pocket

  
   
  
 

  

  

WC 9*’  
in: his

.44?

fl.

      

Wsearbuek by the shoulder and shook him lustily. Star-'

asked the detective.

 the blade-tﬂy‘

~

  

I

1

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

—they were‘ already twenty feet above the roof and ri-
sing rapidly——and he leaped with his burden away from
the machine, and the‘two men fell together through the
intervening space to the roof of Nick Carter’s house.

Alone, Nick could have made the jump safely enough;
but burdened as he was with more than two hundred
pounds of Starbuck’s weight, they fell heavily, and some—
how Starbuck half-fell upon the detective, partly knock~
ing the breath out of him——half—stunning him—-so that
for‘ a moment he was dazed and could not rise to his
feet.

And when he did stagger to his feet he could only
stand and stare toward the sky, into which the unthink-
able vehicle had disappeared. He could see only a gauzy,
ﬁlmy something that was ﬂoating swiftly away through '
the air--a something which at that moment passed di-
rectly through a sharp ray of electric light that was acci-
dentally ﬂashed upon it from a war-ship in the river— 
and then it disappeared. 34‘

(Eat at it an 92 ii: iii

The detective called his assistant after he had carried 5
Starbuck to his own room, and together they tried to \
rouse him out of the lethargy into which he had been i 
thrown by some mysterious inﬂuence which Idayah V 
seemed to exert over him, whether she was present or 
absent; but he did not respond to their treatment. 
-He seemed well enough; he breathed regularly; _he ‘,9
opened his-eyes and looked at them, and nodded, and ‘
seemed to understand; but he was incapable of speech,
almost incapable of action. ,

“Do you understand me ?” Nick asked him at last, in 
despair.

Starbuck nodded his .head.

"Can you explain all these mysteries?"

Starbuck’s head remained motionless.

“Can you explain part of them? Some of them ??’f

I .

J
'-3
t

   

  

  
   
  
 

Starbuck nodded his head again.» .-
“When you ﬁnd your speech again will you do it .9”
Starbuck nodded his-head a third time.

In due time Nick heard the whole thing, and w,
dered if he had really seen the last of this wonderfu}
femalﬁ Wizard of the air. For Starbuck’s "sake he sur-
cerely hoped go, i

 
 
    
  
 
 

  

  
 
  
   
  
 

raga END.

all

The next,-mmtaer (-535) mm bernte 
King; or, Nicl§,Carter Faces His Greatest Mystery.

  

 Issueo EVERY SATURDAY.

HANDSOMEST OOLORED OOVERS

   
   
  

 ence with all kirlds of criminals.

No other detective library contains‘ stories that are half so inter-
 Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
—¥he uses his wits. V Do not fail to get the latest number from your

PRIOE FIVE OENTS PER COPY

v For sale  all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

  
  

. HERE ARE THE

‘ [of-—"1‘he Man of Many Faces; or," Nick Carter Behind
 ‘the Scenes.
V 5o6—A Letter From the Dead: or, Nick Carter’s Proud-
;V_’ est Moment. '
4 307-—Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick
Carter's Amazing Experiment.
‘ 508—The Gentleman Crook's Last Act; or, Nick Carter
—' " A’ and the Haunted House.
.~.509—The “Skid0o” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘s
  Great Train Robbery Case.

; .510--The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter
“‘ . Stopped the “Cannon—bal].”
I!—Nick Carter-’s Twin Mystery; or, The ‘Secret of the
“ Green Automobile.
A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’s Fight_ for Life.
3"-‘Ar Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter’s Fight
 With a Fiend. .
. an the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’: Strangest
«.1 .~ _ rience. K ‘ _ , _ '
 4.—ThebrPlottI:;f the Poisoner; or, Nick Carters Hair-

--. and Esca ' . .

Mechanical PGiant; or, Ten-Ichi Plays a Lone

and.

’:.5%i—i.13°fiS. the Unknown; or, Nick Carter-’s Blindfold
. M p A
 _18—A

  
    
   
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
   
    
  
     
    
   
      
    
 

Dangei-ous woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a

Crisis.» 5
3583 Morley’s Ghost; or, Nick Carter's Des-
An Automobn Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s'B1ood-
’ ‘L h°““d ‘*1 the Scent.

 

If 79%! Vmntsay back numbers oflour libraries and cannot
   office direct. Postage stamps

 y   5,. Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue, NEW vomc dumb. 

takentl1esamessmoney.'

LATEST TITLES:

, 52I—The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Com-

plex Case.

522——The VVhite Arm of a \Vo1nan; or, Nick Carter’s
Desperate Chase.

523——The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of 21 Castle.

524-—The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling
Strategy.

525-—Thc Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Cat'-
ter’s Perfect Disguise.

526—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Strong-hand
Play.

527-—Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick_Cartcr's Motor-
boat Chase.

,528r--Clarice, the \Voman Detective; or, Nick Carter’s

Titled Assistant.

529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City.

53o——An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a
Gladiator. —

531--A Blackmailer‘s—Pai-adise; or, Nick Carter Dis-
covers the Hidden Hand.

532—Gips_v~ Madge, the Blackmailer; or, Nick Carter’: ’
First-class Bluff. '

533--Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter's Day
of Blunders:

534-—Ida_vah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter’:
Fourfold Problem. _

535-The Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces His a‘
Greatest ;\Iystery.

procunthcmfgomyooroewsdakegtbcybi

  
  

 
 

  

*6?’  . r - 
\ 9%

‘V 

. 

 

  
 

 il88l1l,ED EVERY THURSDAY.

 
    
     
   
   
       

41..

miners.

, Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of ‘ the Western
plains. ' They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker
man and who don't let anyone else do it if they can help it.

Q4 ’ You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

   PRICE FIVE GENTS PER copv

ferrule by all newsdoalers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

BEAUTIFUL coLoREo covERs , 

of

 
  
 

2-—Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
; . Steel Glove. ;
5:3-—~Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
y  , T Hobo of Death Valley.
‘ 74'-——Diarnor_1d Dicl-:35 Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
. a buster of the Pecos.
5I5——-Diamond Dick's Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-
 chief Man's Vendetta.
‘ﬁlé--Diamond Dick's Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
x; A ‘D Mexico. ' A P
: ‘ iamond Dick's Ghostly Rour:d—up; or, he ‘han-
 dy tom Steer of K-Bar-6. T
518-Di
A "Down in a Blizzard.
—5ag~y-Diamond Dick’: Trail .of Vengeance; or, Tracked
_ ‘ V . to the Rio Grande. ,.
3529»-¢-Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot Work
 V. ¥ Along the Big River. -»
gaxl-—-Diamond' Dick’s Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man
. From San‘? 13;. J 
533---E Diamond Die s ou-name M story; or, The Smi-
r A , ling Man's Bad Mistake. y '
i-i--Diamond Dick’s Midnight Stampede; or, The
~ " Horse-thieves of the Cimarronp
iiatnond Dick's Forlorn Hope; or, ‘The Siege of
. t  Adobe Castle. ,, ‘ Q
 Dick's Night Watch‘; or, The Pretty Girl
 "‘0.iF ' Rock. T

  

  

    
 
    
     
    
   

   

  
     
   
      
  
    
   
  
    
  
       

 

     

   

  
    

I

 Uncle Sam.

.1 Diamond. Dick’: Golden Quest; or, The Secret Of
~ Snake River. _ , I A, '
v.... d Dick’: hing Leap"; or, Single-handed
 a Giant. . . 2

    
     
 
   

e&n'pbe  

 

 
   

THERE ARETI-IELA1'Es1' T|TLES:_

amend Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them‘

Diamond /Dick! '1 Three To One; or. Backed By.

 want any thick numbers of our librari§ and ~ca.nnot_. procure than from your tag);
 oﬁce direct. Postage stamps taken the same as 

umtzo Seventlwlvenue. Ntw rvokitﬂy

  
        
    

529-Diamond Dick’s Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash E A
Through the Big Divide. .
53o——Diamond Dick at tile Throttle; or, The Ghostl _
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass. T S
"53I———Diamond Dicl<’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man with 
the Long Blue Scar. _
532——Diamond Dick's Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
with a Dead Man. - v 1’
533——Dia_mond Dick’s Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a Les- "
son to a “Bad Man." '
534-—Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Thoroughbred Pard. U 
535-—-Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Vengcs-I i
once of a Navaho. , . '
536-—Diamond Dick in Arizona; ‘or, The Foolhardy‘
Sportgof Grand Caﬁon. T’ i
537——Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt
' for a Girl Through Mexico. ’ T
538-—Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas. ' _ ~
539-——Diamond Dick Below the Line;’or, An Amer'icaq_
Against Big Odds. ~ _
540-—Diagond Dick on Shipboard; or. Blocking a Slick;
-' ame.
54:-——Diamond Dick’s Wide Loop; or. Roping Five as’
‘ One Throw. : ,
542-Diamond Dicl<’s Royal Foe; 01', The Strange Pan-3*
sage of the Sanja Cruz. » _
543-—-‘Diam‘ond Dickls College Scrap; or, A Battle F
His Alma Mater.
544--Diamond Dic”k‘in‘the Deep Snows; or, A
‘R _ Call on the Yykon. ;_
545--Diamond Dick's Merciless Trail; or, The Two:
zcals of White‘ Horse. '.

   
  

  

 

    
  

    
   
   
  
  
 
 
 

_“UED EVERY FRIDAY HANDSOME coLoREo covERs

Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the
_Yen1_:ures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick, as are now appear.
 Mr. Standish has a world—wide circle of friends and
« > 7is putting forth his best efforts to amuse and entertain them. Boys,

  have no idea of what a grand feast he is preparingfor you. Tip
bp’s stories are going to astonish you. Do not fail to buy this library.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

 sale by all newsdealers, or sent, ‘pustpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage slumps

HERE. ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

ck Merriwell's Check; or, ‘The Hot Bunch From 555-—Dicl< Merriwell's Staying Power; or, The Great

  

 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 

. Happy Camp, R i . _ Game at New Haven.
Dick Mcrriwell's Sacriﬁce; or, Team Work That 556-—D1ck Merriwell's “Push"; or, The Victim of the
’ .f1‘o]d, V i . , "Flying Mare.”
ick~ Merrjwell’s Heart; or, Breaking the Hard 557-——Dick Merri\\'ell's Running; or, The Meet at Me-
Lnck Streak, . chauics’ Hall.
rank Merriwelfs New Auto; or, The Lure to 558—Diel< I\Ierriwell's Joke; or, Fun with the Jumping
' Destruction. Frenclmmn.

55I)—Dicl: .\lerrix\'cll’s Seven; or. The Scrub That Made
the Regulars “Go Some.”

5ti>o——Dick I\lerriwell's Partner; or, The Boy from
Texas.

561—Dick Merriwell in the Tank; or, Rushing the Regu-

at‘Pineville.
f;'f_"tank Merriwell's Young Winners; -or, The Stars
in the Blue Hills.

   

_ Place_ lars at Water Polo.
'ck Merriwell’s Inﬂuence; or, On the Right Road 562--Frank Merriwel1’s Captive; or, The Folly of Ches-
At Last. . k’ 1 A ter Arlington.
 ;; M¢friwel]'s Top ‘Notch’; or, Against Odds, 563--Frank Merﬁwell’s Trailing; or, The Flight of a
Fate, and Scheming. "T ’_ Fool.
‘ ' Merriwelfs Kids; or, The World Beaters In 564—Frank Men-iwell’s Talisman; or, The Charm of
5 York, ' ' Cocheta.

fMerriwell’s Kodakers; or, ‘Hunting Big
_r.Without Guns. ‘ ' ' , ' .
«dwell. Freshman: or. First Days at Yale.
W erriwel1?s.Progress; or, The First Chance
._ 1“ §5¢,:Field. -  - ' i _ V '
"  vucftﬁwell, Half-back: 01'. Getting into the
v _‘ '55 Resentrnent; or, In Defense of:

P-VR.epaid‘f; or; The Heart of Oﬁicer

Woulil Be Bad.

Who Won_. ._ 
567—Frank Merriwell's Bluff; or, The Lost seaoriuiol

Sonora. .. _.
- 568-DicIk( M erriwell’s Regret; or, The Friend He Ntvﬂ
new. ~ ‘ .
S59—Dicl< Mei-riwell’s Silent Worlé; . or.. 'A "Helping ,
Hand for a Foe. 1 -  ‘ '

   

4 .

'\

   

 am Top my

565-—Frank Merriwell’s Horse; or, The Boy Who 
566-—Frank Merriwell’s Intrusion; or, Warner, the Maui’:

   

 

 

 
       
      
  

  

  

      
   
      
 

 .7  v. j V v-

 cnmn LETTER 
  GOMPETITIO 

0 \'l7
$100 in Gold Awarded for the Best Letters \'l7

 

    ROUGH RIDER WEEKLY at

0/

L .
;_J,
:9

. t Every one of the 50,000 boyswho read the excellent stories or Western 9?
adventure published in the Rough Rider Weekly, has some special reason 

tell us just what he thinks about the Rough Rider Weekly and hereby offer 
valuable prizes to those who write us the best letters regarding the stories ’
themselves; how you may have worked to increase their circulation or what

 

you know about the fascinating life of the modem ranchman, so ably de-
scribed by our cowboy author, Mr. Ned Taylor. This competition is open
freely to all who may desire to enter it, without charge or consideration of
any kind. It is not necessary for competitors to be subscribers for Rough
Rider in order to be eligible to compete. 4'

.0 Every contestant Iivito does not win one of the cash prizes
‘ ' ' will receive a consolation prize.

1

 

   
  

- l907, when a second contest will begin. The prize winners will  listed
3 ' ' ‘ in April so that every one -who reads the Rough Rider Weekly may know

who has won. Here are the prizes:

$20.00 in Gold for the Best Letter.
$10.00 in Gold for Each of the Three Next Best Letters.
V $5.00 in Gold for Each of the Six Next Best Letters.
\' $2.00 in Gold for Eachof the Ten Next Best Letters. -

The letters should not be longer than 250 words and should be plainly addressed to Man-
V anger of Rough Rider Letter Competition. care of Street & Smith. Now, boys. lump right in
 andtnake-atnetiorttowinacash prize.

 at psmrrn, Publishers, NEW YORK

 
   

for liking them. Now, we intend to make it worth the while of every boy to  V

 from Readers of '  .

   

‘l?
W
\
The lirst competition opened October lst,’ l906, and closes April lst,  )

\'l'i
W.
W

 
   
         
    
  

5t‘ieéeasaeseaaeeaeeeaseagrL

   THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

     
   
 

  

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
   
   
 

 
 

RIDER WEEK-LY BRAVE AND BOLD
Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar- Every boy who prefers variety 

shal by accident, but he resolves to use his _ _ ,
3 authority and rid his ranch of some very m his readmg matter» Ought to 

'  tough bullies. He does it in such I slick be a reader of Brave and 

' ~. tht ll h‘ "K' fth .
I  Wesc:’I’":T::eh:acsertaIi:ily dlgegrvts hi: A" me” were Wmte” b3’ “”‘h°'5

title. $ioo in cash are given to the readers who are past masters in the art

°f ‘hi-5 P“b"“‘i°“v of telling boys‘ stories. Every

Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a _ _ ,
Sham OHL tale lS complete in itself.

MIGHT AND» MAIN DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

These are stories of the adven— The demand for stirring stories jjvﬁ -.1“
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir- ‘
climbing the ladder of fame by ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
honest eﬁort. No more inter- up-to-date boy ought to read just
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are estab-  V,
Each number is at least one-third lished and maintained on our
longer than the ordinary five- Western plains by Diamond Dick,
cent library. Bertie, and Hands'ome Harry.

BUFFALO BILL STORIES BOWERY BOY LI

. _ The adventures of a poor waif
Buffalo Bill is the hero of a whose only name is ugowery

Q thousand exciting adventures Billy.” Billy is the true product

among the Redskins. These are of the Streets Of New York _N0 « '
. b . boy can read the tales of his trials ’ -

given to our oys only In the without imbibing some of that ’

~ . 3115810 Bl" St°l'le5- Th3)’ 3'3 resource and courage that makes 
 bound to interest and please you. the character ofthis homeless boy 

i stand out so prominently. " ‘

     
    
    
   
       
       
     
  

    

   
 

     
        
      
     
 

     

    

   

          
     
     
       
 

   

 
  
 

  

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do ‘right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

’\

      
    

    
 

 

