BOYS. READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
OCTOBER 31, 1924

N0. 996 5 5  Price 8 Cents

      

srannz          NEY.

"Look here. country," he said. “you can't. pass unless you have the dough.” “Dough!" exclaimed
the myxtiﬂed Nick. “Honey. you churnp!" "I've loud: or it." grinned Nick. producing
his wad of Confederate shinplusters. Purniu snatched the bill: from hit hand.

    

Are You A Radio Fan? Read Page 24.

  
   
  
     
  
    
  
 
    
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
    
    
 
 
 

ption price, $4.00 per year! Canada,
Street. New York, N. Y.

Issued we'ekly-Suhscri
— West'.!3d '
the Post-Oﬂloe at New VYOHK, i\.

‘'—‘(..No. 996

.. /-

~

CHAPTER I.—A Level-Headed Country Boy.

“Well, Nick. what are you going to do now?"
Frank Fai s. curiously. _ _

>~ﬁ"Going to work," replied Nick Nutting. with a
iesolute air.
_"_' f‘0n a farm ?" propounded Frank.

‘ Nick shook his head emphatically.
“In a store. perhaps?" _
.,.. ‘I don't know anybodv in the village who
E”. ’ wants a boy."
 » “Maybe you mean to
 the next town 2?’ _
I don't think I'd care to learn the busi-

go to the shoe factory

>1 ness."
* "Then where are vou going to Work?"
“I haven't decided that point yet. but I'm ﬁgur-
ing on going to New York." _
' ‘To New York!” exclaimed his companion. in
se. .
._ A‘ “Yep. It's a big place, and I hear there's
plenty of work there for everybody."
: "'1 don't know -about that, Nick. I’ve heard
f" say there’s half a million people out of
_ there all the time." _
‘m-“"He said that, did he‘.:” asked Nutting, eye-
: his companion keenly. '
Fairbanks nodded. _
,"Your father ought to_l-mow something about
jt,,I suppose.” replied Nick, slowly. “He reads
the-newspapers regularly." _
_ ..f'Yes, we take a New York daily. and_f_ather
53695 Dretty well posted on current conditions.
. answered Fairbanks, whose father was the
- Qeashier of the village bank. _ _ _
"Well, it’s funny,” said Nick. scratching his
sreuirly head doubtfully. “I saw a New York Dag?!’
*"”~it‘tl'ie Westbury House some days ago. and e
_w_ part of it was just filled wth small ad-’
fortisunents under the heading of ‘ ell! Wanted-
Ihere were jobs of all kinds for over fifty boys
time. "I thought there must be loads of work 920- ~
V to waste."
What's ﬁfty’ boys, Nick, when there are four
‘ .12 _. . people in New York City?"
- . at’; right," admitted Nick, a bit dolefully.
1 - would be smothered in four million.”
_ zi. gbont your sister, Nick?” _
' V -I going to liye with Mrs. Ralston until

I

'5?’
;.~.
<\

Entered us Sci-und-(‘l:is,~= .\l-‘ll--r. 01-tolmr «I, 1911.
Y..

‘NEW YORK. OCTOBER 31. 1924

A BID FOR A FORTUNE’

on, A COUNTRY nor IN WAl..L STREET

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY.

$1.50: Foreign. $3 00. Harry E. Wolﬂ. Publisher.’ lm-.. ‘ht

‘UCT 28

Price 8 Cents.

under the Art of March 3, 1979.

By A sELr-MAnE3iTAN

I can make enough money to take care of her
myself."

“Your aunt didn't leave you anything, did
she?" asked Fairbanks.

“She left me a wad of money," replied Nick,
with a sickly smile.

“Why. I thought
of surprise.

“It happened to be Confederate shinplasters.
and I calculate they don't amount to much.” re-
plied Nick.

“Oh!" ezfclaimed Frank, with a ﬂickering smile.
“I’m afraid the whole bunch wouldn't buy you
a square meal.” '

“That's my opinion. too. She kept the roll
these thirty years, for she thought the govern-
ment might redeem them some time. I'm think-
ing that time will be never."

“If anybody else than Deacon Dabbleton held

” began Frank, in a tone

' the mortgage on your late aun’t house I'd think

there’d be something left to you and Nellie when
the house was sold: but the deacon has a hard
reputation in money matters. He never lets
anything escape him if he can help it.”

“That’s right," nodded Nick. “He's one of
those people who grips a quarter so hard as to
make the eagle scream."

Nick Nutting, the hero of this story, was a
bright, ambitious boy, who was born and brought
up in the village of Westbury, not more than
a hundred miles from New York. He had one
sister. a vear and a half his junior. named Nellie,
and the pair, whom a steamboat disaster had
made orphans at an early age. had been raised
by their maiden aunt, Miss Tomkins. This es-
timable spinster had done the right thing by her
niece and nephew, as far as her limited means
would permit, and the children were very fond
of her. _

_Unfortunatelv, a week before the opening of
this story she contracted akchill. pneumonia set
m, and within three days s e was dead. It was
the afternoon of the day of the funeral that Nick
Nutting met his friend Frank Fairbanks on his
way home from the general store where he had
gone to buy something that was needed cat the
house, and the foregoing conversation took place
between the boys. They parted at the corner of
one of the side streets. ' '

\

 

H925

  

 
  
   
   
 

‘ ‘the deacon. sharp! .

2 . A .1311) FOR

Nellie Nuttiiig was preparing tea when her
brother entered the house,that could be theirs

but a short time longer. ‘She was not yet four- _

teen years old, but nevertheless her brother re-
garded her as quite a little woman. .She was
pretty, oetite. and very bright-looking. This
afternoon she looked sad and depressed, as was
natural under the circumstances, an she had
very little to say. -

“I iust met Frank Fairbanks,” said Nick, as
he laid d wn the packages on the kitchen table.
“I was te ling him that I was thinking of going
to New York to look for work, and he told me
his father said that there were half a million of

- people out of work there all the time. Nice
prospect for'a country boy, isn’t it?”

“I wish you wouldn’t talk about going to New
York, Nick,” said Nellie, the tears springing into
her eyes.

“Why not, sis ?”

“Because I don't want you to go so far away
from me.”

“Why, that
miles.”

“Oh, come now, sis; brace up. I’ve got to
earn a living for the pair of us, and you ought
to know that I can't do it round here. New York
or some other big town is the place for me.
There may be half a million of people out of
work there all the year round, but you can bet
on one thing-—I won't be one of them.”

The sun was just setting when brother and
sister sat down to their frugal tea. They were
in the midst of it when a sharp, authoritative
knock came at the door. Nick, wondering who
their visitor was, got up and opened the door.
He was not particularly pleased to find Deacon
Dabbleton on the doorstep. The deacon consider-
edhimself the most important man in the village,
and he tried ‘to impress that fact upon the com-
mnnity.

“Will you take a seat, Mr. Dabbleton?" said
Nick, politely, after he had closed the. door.

The deacon took it without. wasting any of
his precious breath to say “Thank you.”

“Ahem!” he said, holding his gold-handled cane
between his ponderous legs and leaning upon it
in a magisterial way, while he cast his expen-
enced eves around the room to size up the value

- of its contents. -

On the whole the survey was not very satis-
factory. . _

“Ahem!” ejaculated the visitor, once more, al-
lowing his gaze to rest on the boy and girl as if
he thought they ought to feel highly honored to
sit in the same room with hi_m. “We must all
die, my young friends,” he said. casting his eyes
toward the ceiling and then dropping them to

~ their former level. " “Ahem! May I ask if your
excellent -aunt left anything beside this house
and furniture, which I presume you are both
aw-are belongs-to me in default of payment, prin-
ciple and certain interest overdue, of a mortgage.
zlulyreeorded in the registry of this county 2”

“I beg your pardon, Mr. Dabbleton, the house,
s_nppose,.,will have to be sold to satisfy your

isn’t far—not over a hundred

‘ I
A . clannwbut athefurniture belongs to Nellie and

_ mg.’ 7 , ’ - '
“EIi‘.'_ Who’ told you’ that, young man?” said

  

 

‘the village bank handed half of the money ta.

 

A FORTUNE

“Aunt Mary told us so. ‘ She said it was all
she had to leaare us.”

“Your aunt was mistaken,” replied Mr. Dabble-
ton. “I apprehend that the house being heavily
morgaged, and property having lately shrimk in
value in this village, that its sale will hardly
cover the sum I advanced on it some years ago;
therefore it is quite possible that I will be obliged
to levy on the furniture to make up the differ-.
ence.” ,

His words carried consternation to Nellie’s
heart, but did not seem to greatly affect her
brother, who quietly remarked:

“Does your mortgage include the furniture?" _, ~.

“I presume it does, my young friend. “How- ‘
ever, that is immaterial. I am entitled to my
pound of ﬂesh, you understand.” ‘

_’‘we deny .V0l11‘ right to touch even a single
stick of the furniture. If you insist on doing
so I shall put the matter in Mr. Fairbank’s '-.
hands.” \ 5

Apparently the.deacon did not approve of
Mr. Fairbanks being made a party to the pro-' '4
ceedings, so he_ hastily dismissed the subject for :
the present. ' ' '3

“Do you anticipate remaining in the village. £1
young man ?” he asked, with some curiosity to~
learn the boy's plans.

“No, sir; I do not.” — 1

“Might I inquire where you propose to go?” . 3

“It's likely I will go to New York." 5.1
“And do you expect to take your sister with 
you?” _ ‘ ~.

“Not until I am able to support her.” 

“Ahem! _You can hardly expect to do that, .4
for some time to come, I -apprehend. Now, I '
was going to observe that if your sister would
like to make her home with Mrs. Dabbleton and
myself we will board and clothe her in return
for such service as she is able to render!’

What the deacon and his vinegary wife were -7
looking for was a household drudge at the low- ~
est compensation possible, but Mr. Dabbleton was,
too politic to express the exact truth in so many '
words. , _ - '_ _‘

“We are much obliged to you for the oﬁer.'
Mr. Dabbleton, but my sister has already are ‘-
ranged to live, for the present, with ‘Mrs. 'Rals- =1;
ton." I ‘ *5

The deacon was visibly disappointed. He had .
counted on securing Nellie Nutting, and had ‘~
even told his wife that he intended bringing her 7‘
home with him. As the deacon had nothing mom -2
to say, he’ arose and, wishing the young people ,,
a stiﬂ’ “good evening,” left the cottage. -When. '
a few days later Mr. Fairbanks called upon  —‘
Dabbleton in his capacity of auctioneer and asked;
him to hold a sale of the personal belongings
of the late Miss Tomkins, the deacon did 

 
  
  
  
   
   

press a claim against the cottage furniture. He ,. 
knew better. _ " L f
So Mr. Dabbleton advertised and sold the for-‘ 
niture for the beneﬁt of Nick and Nellie, pocketed 1*."
his commission and paid the balance over to Mr.“ 7,
Fairbanks, who made it his business to see that
the sale was properly conducted. ‘The cashier or-*

   
   
  

Nick and the other half to the boy's sister, who,‘
had removad her scant belongings to the 
home, while Nick was invited to stay a few thy
with the cashier's son.' ;-; '

 

,..s;. ..

 A BID FOR

Nick, having ﬁnally made up his mind to seek
his. fortune in New York, made his arrangements
.__acc‘ordingly. Nellie gradually became recon-
 to. the separation when she saw that it
fvanlhinevitable, and when Nick promised to send

   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
    
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  

llonday morning, after an aﬁecting farewell be-
tween them. Nick carried his grip to the next

town, and there boarded a West Shore train
~ r Greater New York. -

7 CHAPTER lI.—Nick YNu1l(:ting Arrives In New
- or .

Nick arrived in Weehawken at about noon, and,

_ metropolis at the foot of Forty-second Street, on
7. .— North River. The general storekeeper at
Westbury, who was well acquainted with New
York, had recommended him to a boarding-house
West Forty-ﬁfth Street, and Nick ‘walked
 there at once. It was a cheap-looking place.
’ the boy expected to live as cheaply as he
could until he could afford to do better.

. owed to Nick, and at the same time assured
‘that she set as gwod a table as could be
~ ted for the price she asked. The room
_ _ ‘not seem to be much larger than the big
direct in the spacious apartment in his late
 at Westbury. Nick was disappointed with
its, look, but took it just the same.
; He paid ,a week's board in -advance, as was
" mary, and then was invited down to lunch,
‘though the landlady intimated that two meals
 day, breakfast and dinner. was all she ex-
tlclnd to hand out to her boarders. After the
 which consisted of tea, bread and butter
jnifstewed prunes, Nick made a few -inauiries
ﬁrs. Jarvis. the landlady, as to the lay of
-=_. ‘town. and then sallied forth to look around
ﬁe-’metropolis. He made a careful note of the
 of the house. its general appearance,
« was shabby. and its position in the block.
he could ﬁnd it again, before leaving the
 1» walked down to Sixth Avenue and Forty-
_ ieeond Sheet and decided to take an elevated
' -- for the Battery—a spot he had, heard so
about that he was anxious to see it. In
hour he was strolling about Battery Park.
hes were well ﬁlled with men who seem-
‘ho have nothing more important on hand than
kill time. It seemed so strange to the boy
see so many healthy specimens of humanity
Iv life easy that he stopped a park ofﬁcer
asked him if it was a holiday.
‘ policeman regarded Nick in some surprise
u- looked him canefully over.
’ w‘ from the country, aren’t you?” asked

. r.
~- from Westbury, New‘ York State,” re-
. Nick, wondering how the policeman knew
than stranger in the metropolis.
, ‘y did you ask if to-day was a holiday?
 have you ‘been in town 2” _ S
‘ - of hours,” answered Nick. “I asked
- because I see so many people doing

."\' ' \,-.

.in

as

.1: .
n..

er at the earliest possible time. And so one.

boarding the ferryboat, was soon landed in the/

‘ -The landlady had a small hall room, which.

A FQRTUNE

3

‘‘You’ll find all the parks populated in much
the same way on a ﬁne day like this. Most
of these people are out of a job. either because
they” can’t get one. or because they don’t want
one.

— “What’s that building over there?" asked Nick
pointing to the old Castle Garden structure.
“That's the Aquarium. Why don't you go in
and see the ﬁsh? There are specimens from
all over the world."

“What’s the charge?”

“lt’s free.”

“I guess I’ll go in,” said Nick, and he did.

The building was well worth a visit, and Nick
spent fully half an hour gazing into the various
glass tanks that lined the circular sides of the
Aquarium. W'hen he came out he saw the same
policeman standing close by.

“Well, how did you like it ?” asked the officer.

“First class. Is Wall Street far from here?”

“Not so far. I suppose you want to see the
bulls and bears. eh?” grinned the policeman.

Nick was not so green as to imagine there .

were any real bulls and bears in the ﬁnancial
district. He had read so often that Wall Street
was the moneyed center of the United States
that he was curious to see what the district
looked like. V

“Do you want to go to Wall Street proper,
or do you wish to take in the whole ﬁnancial
district as well as you can ?” asked the police-
man. '

“I want to see as much of it as I can,” replied
Nick.

“Then you'd better start from the corner of
Beaver and B’:-oad. .You can't mistake Broad.
which intersects the district. for it's uncommon-
ly wide, and is only two blocks long, from Beaver
to Wall. Do you see that tall oﬂice building?”
asked the oﬁicer, pointing. '

“I couldn’t well miss it,” replied Nick.

“That’s the Bowling Green Building, which
faces partly on the foot of Broadway. Walk up
there and you will see a small triangular park.
surrounded by an iron railing, which is called
Bowling Green.’

“That's where thestatue of George the Third
used to stand before this city was evacuated
by the British, wasn't it?” asked Nick, with
some interest.

“I guess it is,” replied the policeman, who was
not clear on that fioint.

“The people'pul ed it down and melted it up,
didn't they?” '

The oﬂicer had never heard of the circumstance
and did not care to commit himself.

“Walk to the head of that little nark—that is,
to the narrow end of the triangle looking up

‘Broadway, turn your face east—that’s east,"

motioned the po!iceman——“and you will see Beaver
Street right before you. Take the upper sidewalk
and go straight ahead. The first street you will
come to is New, and the next is Broad. Turn up

‘either one of them and you'll be in the Wall

Street district. Broad is the better one to take,
as the curb brokers are there, and so is the Stock
Exchange.”

Nick thanked the omeer and started for New
York's money.center._ ‘ —

   

 

  

 

  knock-out blow on the:end of his,_ch'in. The

 

-as. A BID FOR A . FORTUNE

CHAPTER III'.—Nick‘ Gets a Job in Wall Street

Nickhad no trouble in ﬁnding Broad Street
where it intersected Beaver. He turned his face
north toward Wall Street, and had to admit that
it was a teeming hive of industry as far as he
could see. Then he started to walk up the thor-
oughfare, where hundreds of busy boys and men
were passing and repassing all the time.

Uniformed messenger boys with yellow envel-
opes in their hands were ﬂying along the side-
walks or crossing the street like winged Mercurys,
dodging pedestrians on the one hand and cabs and
vehicles on the other with an ease and precision
that Nick admired. ‘

The ﬁrst thing that specially attracted his at-
tention was a roped enclosure on .the west side
of the street. Here were gathered a hundred or
more sharp-looking men and bright-appearing
young fellows, in little groups, talking together or
walking about from one group to another. This
was the Curb Exchange, every member of which
was a regular broker.

Nick watched the methods of the curb brokers
for a while and then continued on up the street.
At the corner of Exchange Place he stopped and
looked up and down that narrow street. Nick’s
look of surprised interest attracted the notice of
a rough-looking, thickest fellow who was hang-
ing around the corner. His name was Joe Fur-
niss. and until within a- day or two he had been
employed as a messenger by the Maritime Ex-
change.

Just at present he was hard up, and was ﬁgur-
ing how he could raise the wind. He eyed the
country boy narrowly, and ﬁnally sized him up as
fair game. Stepping forward, he barred Nut-
ting’s way.

“Look here, country." he said, “you can't pass
unless you have the dough."

“I’ve loads of it," grinned Nick, producing his
wad of Confederate shinplasters.

Furniss snatched the bills from his hand. Then
he started to run. But Nick was not going to be
robbed of his Confederate money, worthless as
it was, with impunity. _ He immediately followed
Furniss down Exchange Place at a hot pace.

Furniss ﬁnally darted into the entrance of one

of the oﬂice buildings and ran up the stairs to the

ﬁrst ﬂoor. Nick followed close at his heels, and
grabbed the tail of his sack coat just as he stepped
on the ﬂoor of the corridor. The fellow turned
about and aimed a vicious blow at his pursuer’s
face. Nick dodged it and then grabbed Furniss
by the collar. .

“Come now," he said resolutely, “ante up that
wad.” _

The other, however, was a tough youth, and
not in‘ the least averse to a scrap. He tore him-
self free from Nick's grasp and then squared oil‘
in regular prize-ring style. Nick -was mad clean
through at the fellow's nerve in snatching his
property, and he sailed in at him like a young
cyclone.

For about a minute there was as pretty a set-to
as one would see at an athletic club, and then
Furniss went down on the marble ﬂoor from a

 

 

    
  
    
    
     
    

short scrap had been viewed by a gentleman who
came out of one of the offices on that ﬂoor. ' ,'.

“That was neatly done, young man," he said,‘
stepping up beside Nutting and clapping Him
familiarly on~the shoulder. “Never saw the trick
turned better. What’s the trouble between you?”

“He snatched a wad of money out of my hand '-'
at the corner of Broad Street and tried to get;
away with it,” replied Nick. ' .‘

“The dicken‘s he did! Then he must be a young
crook. He's got all the ear-marks of one, at any 5'
rate. This is a case for a policeman." ' '

“The money didn't amount to much," replied .
Nick, “It was Confederate shinplasters.”

“Oh!” exclaimed the gentleman, biting his"-»
mustache to repress the laugh which rose to his 
lips. “Then you wouldn't have lost much if he
had escaped.”

“But I don’t want to lose the stuﬁ.” answered
Nick, kneeling down beside the reviving young 
rascal and thrusting his hand into the pocket he :
had seen Furnisss stow the wad in.

In a moment he rose with a roll of Confederate.
notes in his hand. _ I

“There they are,” he said, showing them to the -,
gentleman. . _

“Looks like real money at a casual glance,”
said the man, with a smile. “Any one would;
take you to be well heeled if you ﬂashed that -
roll on-them." . .;

“I guess that's what he thought. He sized '
me up as something easy from the country and..-
tried to do me up. But I wasn't born yestcro ‘'1
day, even if this is my ﬁrst day in New York.’ 5,

“ls that so?" remarked the gentleman. “Are
you a stranger to the town '."’ ~ 1-‘

“Yes, sir," replied Nick. ' '

“Come here to see the sights, I suppose?" 

“No, sir. I came here to get a job.” '~ , I

“What kind of a job '!” the stranger asked. wi ,
a show of interest, scanning the bright, intelli~ A
gent features of the boy he had taken a sudden 
fancy to. . _ ' ~_ “.1.

_“Well, sii_', if I can have my choice it will be’ 4
right here in Wall Street.” -..~

“In Wall Street, eh?” i x..-

At that moment ‘Joe Furniss sat up _in a
bewildered sort of way and looked around him. *1‘
As soon as his eyes rested on Nick he scrambled ,
to his feet with a growl _of rage and began -tog?‘
roll up his sleeves preparatory to a .continuatio1_I, 
H the ﬁght. The gentleman, however, interferedﬁ "

“Get out of this building at once, you young 

scamp!” he exclaimed. with some vigor. _

A4‘,

Furniss did not like his aggressive manner, and‘, T;
with a muttered imprecation and a menacixigéfi
glance of his eyes at Nutting, he slowly walkedfg
downstairs, feeling his jaw as if to make su ; '
it was all there. ' ‘

“So vou’d like to walk in, Wall Street, eh??'..,.‘
said .the gentleman, turning to our hero. o,i'f"*‘.

“Yes,_ sir. I’d like it first rate.” ‘ ‘

“What is your name ?"

“Nick" Nutting.” .

“Where is vour home?” ‘ F 1

“No. — West Forty-ﬁfth Street for the present.’
lifcagne from Westbury, where I've lived allrgy
e. ' ‘-

“How long have you-been in New York 7:’

.“About four hours, sir.” .

   

  

A BID FOR

  
 
   
   
 
   
    

that young tough. Taken lessons in the art of
sﬁveli-defensre, haven't you 7''
‘,-‘;'.‘:“Yes, sir. From a professor who stopped at
'_eur village last summer."
 “You must have been a'n apt p'upil. You clean-
ed that boy up in no time at all, and he looked
'-husky enough to eat you. So you've only been
., four hours in New York 1'" said the gentleman,
‘ reﬂectively, looking the boy over once more with
 critical attention. “I’m sorry that you’re not
 uainted with the city. I've kind of taken
55, ancy to you. I'm a stock broker, with an
“oﬁce on Wall Street. I've just _lost my mes-
senger, and I would give you a trial if you had
some idea of the ﬁnancial district; but I'm, afraid
you'd get mixed up trying to ﬁnd your way
ut, and that it would take you all day to
liver the message."
“I think I could get the run of this_Dart of
, city inside of a couple of days, sir,” said
Nick, eagerly. “At any rate, I'm sure it wouldn't.
take me a week. I'd be willing to work the ﬁrst
‘week for nothing, sir. if you'd only give me
a the chance to make good. If I had a list of
the oﬂiee buildings I'd spend the rest of the
afternoon locating them. Then‘ I could buy ‘a
«‘ gigde, I suppose, with a map, andstudy out
£position of the streets down here, and ﬁnd

r.

  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
      
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
   

’where the banks and trust companies are
I ted. I could do that to-night after I got
my boarding-house. I could keep it up until
‘(got everything down pat."
,-‘Are ' parents livinghin Westbury?"
’ "My Iigtllier and mother are both de:id,f sir.
«- orily relative I have is a sister near y our-
§z"teen years old in Westbury.'
".‘Well, come around with me to my pﬂice and
_will consider the matter," said the broker. “My
V _is George Cbiswell. Here is my card.” _
:1‘ They walked up to Broad street together. and
 to Wall Street, the broker pointing out
 Exchange and various banks and oﬂice
buildings along the route. Turning down Wall,
,6,E1mv:,ayB?ldHanoverhStreet,dtfl;ey cagmeh to‘ ltlhe
" ' n ing. on t e secon oor o w ic r.
ﬂhiswtzll glad lg: cgﬂicﬁ. Takéng  into his
-:m'lv_a o ce, ro er que ion in as
, education and general ﬁtness for olﬁce work.
" ,¥_§I"iialanswers were quite satisfactory to him.

, ly Mr. Chiswell wrote down the names of
"score of the brokers with whom he was con-
tly.in touch. with their addresses, and hand-
e list to Nick.

ll" give you a trial, Nick,” he said. “Report

I _V this oﬂiee at nine o'clock in the morning. - In
‘ Iineantinie you might amuse yourself during
. rest of the day trying to locate the offices
g the gentlemen on that list. Several of them
 the Vanderpool Building. on Exchange
.-not far from the building where you had

A scrap.- Others are in the Mills Building, on

_ Street. The rest are scattered about. You

*- where the New York Stock Exchange is.
you'll have to go there frequently. But
‘don't enter on the Broad Street _side, but at

' ‘messengers’ entrance, on New Street, which
»hﬂl'l’0W street in the rear of the building,
from Wall to Broad Street. You might

‘then you leave here and find out the

U ‘-

A FORTUNE‘ ‘ 5

right door. Any one in the neighborhood will
tell you." .

“Yes, sir. I’ll do that,” replied Nick. promptly.

“Well. I think that will be all for the present.
I've an idea that you'll come out all right and
make a first-class messenger."

“It won't be my fault if I don't, sir,” said
Nick. rising from his chair.

“Don't forget. Nine o'clock in the morning.
This is the Bullion Building.”

“I'm in great luck,” chuckled Nick, as he left
Mr. Chiswell’s oﬂice. “Only four hours in the
city, and I've caught just the kind of position
I've yearned for. The next thing is to hold on
to it. I mean to do that if I ‘lose a leg. Won't
Nellie be glad ?"

CHAPTER IV.-Nick's First Dinner in New
York.

After Nick had found and inspected the ines-
seng’ers’ entrance to the Stock Exchange he con-
tinued on down New Street to Exchange Place,
where he looked around for the Vanderpool Build-
ing. There was no sign on the building to iden-
tify it, so Nick thought the quickest way of
locating it would be to inquire of a messenger
boy he saw coming along. The boy pointed to
a tall building across the street and hurried on
his way. Nick entered the otlice building and
went up to one of the elevator men.

“I want to ﬁnd out on what ﬂoors these people
have their offices,” he said. -

The man pointed to a nearby wall.

“There's a directory showing the names of
every tenant in the building, with the ﬂoor and
number of his office. You can get all your in-
formation from ‘that.’

Nick studied the directory and soon got the
hang of it. Then he looked for the names he was
in search of, found them, and noteddown the
ﬂoor they were on and the number of their
room. When he got on Broad Street again he
saw several stationery stores, and in one of them
he purchased a street guide with a map of the
city attached to it.

“I'll look this over to-night.” he said to him-
self. putting it_in his pocket. .

Then he looked up the other names on his list
and found every one‘ of them by five o'clock.

“Now I'll go uptown  the boarding-house. I
hope they'll have plenty to eat on the table, for
I feel m12ht.v hungry. That lunch Mrs. Jarvis
treated m’e 30 0111)‘ took the edge off my appetite.
I shouldnt care to  a regular customer of her
midday nieai—there isn't enough of it for a grow-
ing boy like me.”

Nick remembered that the elevated road was
on the west side of Broadway, sqhe crossed over
and asked one of the throng of people hurrying
home where the nearest elevated station was.

“Which one do you want——Ninth Avenue, Sixth
Avenue or Third Avenue ?’

“I want to go to Sixth Avenue and Forty—sec-
ond Street.” replied the boy.

, “Do you see that big building half a block down
the street 7"

Nick said he saw several
direction. _

“It's the corner building I mean.’ Enter that.

big buildings in that

    
 

  

 
 

/ ’ i ' 4
6 ' 9

pass right on through -the wide ground ﬂoor
and you'll .come .to the Sixth Avenue station. It's
right at the end of the building.”

Nick thanked the man, and, following direc-
tions, was soon aboard a train bound downtown.
The boy told the conductor that he was a stranger
to the city, and that he wanted to get oﬁ at
the Fory-second Street station. The conductor
promised to tell him when he got there, and told
him to take a seat near the door. He was as
good as his word. and in twenty minutes Nick
was walking in the direction of his boarding-
place, which he found without much dilﬁculty.
He had barely washed his face and brushed his
hair before a cracked bell rang gomewhere in

the basement. V

-“I guess that’s the dinner-bell,” he said. “I
might as well be_among the first as the last.
Probably I'll get all that’s coming to me, then.”

So Nick steered for the dining-room in the
basement. The odor of cookery and the voice of
Mrs. Jarvis guided him to the door.‘

“Hon will sit here, Mr. What did you
say your name was?” ‘

“Nutting, ma'am. Nick Nutting.”

Mrs. Jarvis pulled a chair on near the head
of the table, presided over l.-y a meek-looking man
who the boy was sure did not weigh a pound less
than two hundred and ﬁfty.

“Mr. Jarvis,” said the landlady, Sll81‘Dl._\'. “this
is our new boarder. Mr. Nutting. Mr. Nntting,
my husband. Jane”—to an invisible personage
in a room beyond—“a plate of soup."

The soup was brought by the maid-of-all-work,
who officiated as waitress at meal-'times, and Nick
proceeded in get away with a watery compound
wluch he understood was meant for bean soup.
Some not over-tender roast be followed, ﬂanked
by side dishes, and Nick did ot leave a particle
of their contents to be carried back to the kitchen.

When Nick was eating his dessert, which con-
sisted of a small plate of rice pudding. a sharp-
featured, sandy-complexioned young man of per-
haps twenty-five seated himself beside him. He
looked inquisitively at his new neighbor, and Mrs.
Jarvis aroused herself from a brown study -long
enough to introduce Nick to this party, whose
name was Gilson. .

“From the country. I believe?” remarked Gil-
son, twirling his mustache while waiting for

3039-

Nick did not like the way he said it, but he
simply bowed politely. '

“Up the State or New Jersey?" continued Gil-
son.

The boy told him.

“Intend to remainvin New York?”

“I do,” replied Nick.

“Looking for a job. I suppose ?”

“I was when I arrived at noon to-day, but I've
got one now.” . -

“What! already? -Errand boy, I suppose ?”

“lesserger boy in Wall Street. I'm working
fo1;61h.stock broker in the Bullion Building.”
,more respect. “Got the job through a letter of
"recommendation, I sunpose?" '-

“No, sir. I got it because it was ofered to

“.'Oh,. the_broker knew you." -

 

A BID FOR A

indeed?” regarding Nick with a 1:riﬂe~

FORTUNE

     
 

“No. He never saw me before this afternoon.’ '-

-“And he hired you without any references?’ p

“I had a general reference as to my character?
from the cashier of our village bank.” 5

“You worked in the bank, then 7" l "
“No; this is the first job I ever had in In
life.” '

Mr. Gilson looked at Nick as if lie thought the
boy was stretching the truth.

“Who is this broker that hired you?"

“Mr. George Chiswell.”

“Chiswell, eh? I know him by sight. I am
employed in Wall Street myself. I am margin
clerk for Mandelbaum & Slewby, in the Barnum
Building. You are in great luck to pick up a
job down there the way you did. It isn't the
usual thing, and I can't quite understand it."

As he had eaten everything that was likely
to come his way that evening. the boy excused
himself and left the table and the room. . 

“What a nice. gentlemanly boy," remarked a :
young saleswoman, employed in a big department
store, who sat opposite, and who had not re-
ceived an introduction to Nick. _ -

“Oh, he's a hayseed,” _chuckled Mr. Gilson, '
rather contemptuously. ;'

“Well, he's a perfect gentleman. if he is from -I-_
the country," she retorted. with some spirit. “It's ' j
a pleasure to meet one occasionally.” she added, '
pointedly. \ .
‘hMr. Gilson did not have so much to say after -
t at. , ‘

 

CHAPTER V.——Nick's First Day in Wall Street. f

Nick found his narrow bed rather harder that ‘
night than he was accustqned to, but the fact».
did not worry him. for he was a sound‘ sleeper. "
He woke up at seven with the discordant clang 
of the breakfast-bell in his ears, and hurried down’ 
to the dining-room, for fear that there might E -
a deﬁciency of eatables if he neglected to be pres- ‘
em: on time. This time he was introduced to
the young saleswoman, and she bestowed an en-
couraging smile upon him.

“I overheard you say that you are working‘ in
Wall Street,” she said. ' .1

“Yes, Miss Smith.” A :

“You must be a real smart boy to be able to
hold such a position.’ — 

Nick blushed and began to eat his oatmeal.

_“lAre you from the ‘country ?" asked the sales-
gir .
' “Yes. Miss Smith."

“I should never have supposed so. Really, you
look just like-a New Yorker.” . _

N!'ck._bowed. and then began operations on ‘a.
small piece of steak. The boy thanked his stars’
that the knife was sharp and his teeth ‘good:

A lonesome-looking corn muiﬁn and a cup of .,
coffee completed the meal, and Nick left the table‘ ,: '
feeling that he could eat as much again if he 1
had the chance. He decided that he‘ would not
lose anything by going downtown early and look-7
ing the Wall Street neighborhood over again be’-N
fore it was time for him to report for business."
Prornptly at nine o’clock Nick entered Mr. Chis;-3»
well’s oﬂice. None of the clerks had yet 13-:
rived. but they began coming in immediaﬂf-3‘-‘
afterward. Mr. Edwards, the cashier, appqrﬂ ,

  

  
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
     
   
   
  
  
   
  
     
   
    
  
    
   
  
   
 

A. BID I FOR‘

- -- a quarter after nine, and, seeing Nick seat
in a chair with his hat oil’, asked him if he
-Was a new messenger that Mr. Chiswell- had
engaged.
" “Yes, sir." , __
“You’re from the country, aren't you?” saiu
cashier.
ick admitted that hewas. though he was
ﬁrming ' to grow tired of having. everybody
._ e that identical remark‘. _ . Y’
 “Know very little about the city, I believe‘!
eontinued Mr. Edwards. "

. In learning fast, sir, especially the lay of

ﬁnancial district."
The cashier went to his ofﬁce,  presently
- - Chiswell came in. He bade Nick a pleasant
” morning and called him into his private

“ind then stood awaiting his pleasure.

‘{",‘Sit down, Nick.”

Our hero did so. .

Did you locate all the brokers’ offices on
‘ list I gave you 7” asked the broker. with a

,es. sir," answered Nick, promptly.
‘Did you buy a street guide and map and
- ~ it.

(‘I did, sir.”
.‘‘‘Very well.
‘ -. of you." _

- broker outlined ‘his new employee_’s duties.
. then dismissed him to the reception-room,
‘re he took the chair he was to occupy while
the oﬂice. The broker busied himself with
morning's mail, then he rang for Nick. The

zgujckly responded.
In- one corner of the counting—room you'll see
bqng lady at a typewriting machine. That's
Vstepographer, Miss Haley. 'l‘ell her to come
‘ my private room."
ck conveyed the message to_ the young lady,
_wkas very pretty and petite. She smiled
ic

on’re the new messenger ?” she remarked.
' s_!‘Yes, miss."

f’ :40 she took her note-book out of a_drawer
table and went into Mr. Chiswell’s room‘
4 dictation. , . . _

a few minutes the’ bell rang, and_ Nick Jump-
and went in to see_what his employer
..--;-.i: this note to Morris ai Hutchins, in the
er-goo! Building. and this to Davis & Co..
Building," said Mr. Chiswell. “Get back
’~"°'”‘“'°‘.‘°""' . ‘ 1 and tarted ﬂ’
'5 took th tw ve opes s 0
them.‘ Heo wglut Ito tellie hgills Bugldink
eboapdedoiie ofte_ evaors_an was
up to'the third floor in less time than
. Vwink, almost. He easily found Davis
by using his eyes. and delivered the note.
_wgg'no answer, so he started for Exchange
. Harris & Hutehins were on the ﬁﬁth floor
, .¢he Vandei-pool Buildinz. and an elevator
_,_A  him up in no time at all. A pleasant-
:. _ her asked him what hewanted when he
. —« tin neee ti -room. _ —
 got a letgeroilor Hr. Morris,” replied Dick.
take it in toiiini. Who from?"
Chiswell.?‘ _. "
 gauges for Chiswell‘!

  

 

7 l . The boy helped him oﬂ with his overcoat_

Now I'll explain what will be '

 
 

A FORTUNE“. I" 7

Nick said he was.

“What’s the matter with Andy Baker?" asked
the boy, in some surprise. “Sick?”

“I couldn’t tell you,” replied Nick.
know him.”

The oﬂice boy carried the note in to Mr. Morris.

“You’ll have to wait for an answer," he said.
when he came back. “So you don’t know Andy
Baker?"

“No,” replied Nick.

“He was Chiswell’s messenger up to the day
before yesterday."

“I guess he left, for Mr. Chiswell told me be-
fore he gave me the position that he had lost
his messenger.”

“Lost him, eh '.’” grinned the boy. “Fired him,
more likely. Baker was a cheeky kid. I didn't
like him for sour applies. So you've got the.
job now ?”

Nick said he liad been taken on trial.

“Oh, I guess you’ll do all right. What's your
name?"

“Nick Nutting.”

“Glad to know you, Nick. My name is Dick
Hudson? Hope we’ll be friends. I rather like
your face.”

“And I like yours,” replied Nick. frankly.

“Are youfrom "

“The country?” laughed Nick.
bury, up State.”

“You've been in New York before. of course?”

Nick shook his head. V
_ At that moment Dick's bell rang, and he wen
into the private office.

“Here’s your answer.” he said to Nick, when
he came out. “Hope to see you again soon."

‘Nick’ lost no time getting back to his oﬁice,
and Mr. Chiswell complimented him on his sp'eed.
Half an hour afterward the cashier handed Nick
a note and told him to take it over to the Ex-
change and give it to Mr. Chiswell.

“You want to go in at the New Street entrance,
mind,” he said. I

“Yes, sir. I know that, sir,” replied Nick.
hurrying away.

Our hero was kept pretty busy until three
o’clock, and during that time he did not make
a single mistake in his errands, and on the
whole nmde good speed, much to his employer’s
satisfaction. At half-past three he was told that
he would not _be required any more that day.

“I don’t

“Yes. West-

CHAPTER VI.—Nick’s First Bid for Fortune.

Nick spent the rest of the afternoon walking
around the lower part of the city east of Broad-
way and south of Maiden Lane. He reached
his boarding-house some time before the sup-
Der-bell rank. and when it did he was the first
at the table. On his way back to his room
he met Mr. Gilson coming down.

“H510. Nutting,” said Gilson, familiarly. “How
are they coming?” -

“How are what corning?” asked Nick. to whom
the expression was new.
"'I'hina's." zrlnned Gileon.
“What things ?"

Gilson looked at him dabioualy, as it he

   

\

 
      
  
 

  

 

 

 

 

  

-3 ' ' A BID FOR A FORTUNE

not quite sure that Nick was as ignorant as he
appeared to be. _
“How are you getting along at your new Job?”

“First rate.” ~
“Get tangled up any to—day‘!”
“Not a bit.”

“‘You’re lucky. How are you going to put in
the evening?”

“Haven't thought about it.”

“Well, go out with me.
town.” - v

Nick, however, declined the invitation and went
on to his room.

Nick and Dick Hudson got quite chummy by
degrees. One day after Nick had been a month
in the Street they met at the messengers’ en-
trance of the Exchange. Dick was coming out,
and Nick was going in. ‘

“They're having a hot old time on the ﬂoor
this morning," said Dick,

“That so? What’s up ?” ' -

“A sudden rise in Michigan Northern. The
brokers are acting like a pack of lunatics.”

“Can you wait till I deliver this note?" asked
Nick. SI

Dick nodded, and Nutting dashed inside, where
he found a scene of pandemonium which almost
baﬁled description. Nick had some diﬂiculty in
delivering his envelope to Mr. Chiswell, .who was
ﬁnally located in the mob around the Michigan
Northern standard. His hat was dented. his
necktie loose and awry, and one side of his
collar off. He took the note, read it, and said
“All right," which was a signal for Nick to make
tracks for the oﬂice. He found Dick waiting for
him outside in New Street.

“If I had one hundred dollars I could double
it in a couple of days.” said Dick.

“ ow could you?” asked Nick, interestedly.

‘‘I’d buy Michigan Northern on a. ten per cent.
margin. It's going now around '98. It will be
up to 110 in a day or two. It was 92 three days
ago. People who bought then stand to make
over twenty dollars a share proﬁt.”

“Well,” said Nick, reilectively, “I've got a hun-
dred and twenty-ﬁve dollars. Would you advise
iItl$"t0 buy some shares of Michigan Northern with
1 .

“Sure I would. You can get ten shargs on a
margin. You'll clear a hundred dollars easily

enough.”
Ask Mr. Chiswell

“How will I go about it?
to buy me the shares?” ,

“No. You don’t want to let him know that
you are monkeying with the market. ‘Brokers
object to their employees speculating. Get your
money and take it to a small banking—house you’ll
ﬁnd_on Nassau Street, above Wall. This bank
makes acspecialty of small deals. You’ll ﬁnd
the margin clerk’: window in the reception-room.
Tell him that you want to buy ten shares of

I'll show you the

’ Michimn Northern, and he'll tell you how much

You'll have to put up as margin. But you've got
no time to lose if you want to get as much benefit
as you can out of the rise.” ~

“How shall I tell when to sell out?”

“Well, it won't do to hold on too long. I'd
risk is as far as 110. It is likely to go higher,
maybe to 120, but I wouldn't advise you to take
the chances of it doing so. You ought to be
satisfied, to double your money."

. He knew the

 

I

i “I should think so,” replied Nick, beginning to_ 2
get a bit excited at the thought of making a r’

hundred dollars so easily. -
So when Dick intimated that Michigan. Northern

was bound to go at least as high as 110, the .

country lad thought the matter a foregone con-
clusion. The hundred and twenty-ﬁve dollars

represented the total amount of money received ‘‘

from the sale of his aunt’s furniture and other
personal property. Nellie had turned over her
share to him to put in a New York bank for‘her
beneﬁt, and he had deposited the entire sum in
his own name in the Seaman’s Bank. The temp-
tation to double that little amount, for his sister’s
beneﬁt as w as for himself, was very alluring.
money was easily made in Wall
Street by those who knew how to do the trick,
and he had an idea that his friend Dick knew
about as well as the next one.

So before two o'clock that day Nick found a
chance to go to the Seaman’s Bank and draw
out all but ﬁve dollars. which he had to let
remain in order to hold his book. He knew where
the little bank on Nassau Street was, and he
went around there after three, for Dick told him
that the bank kept its stock department open
until four o'clock for the accommodation of its

customers. Nick walked up to the margin clerk's .:
“window. - '

“What will it cost me to buy ten shares of

   
 

r

Michigan Northern on a ten per cent. margin ?" i

he asked the young man who stood at the desk .. 

there counting layers of money.

“It will cost you exactly one hundred dollars.’ 3

“All right," replied Nick. “Here’s the money.’
The clerk counted the money, then made‘ out
a. memorandum of the transaction. and handed

it to him. *

“How about your commission?"

deal.
buy, and ditto when we sell. There will also
be a small interest charge on the nine himdred

’,

‘.

the boy asked...’ 1
“We'll look out for that when we close the\»

We charge one-eighth of one per cent. to ‘ ,

dollars we have to advance to carry the stock

for you.

This will be charged to you and de- 7

ducted on your statement of account.,Every point ‘

the stock advances above its present ﬁgure, which ,-

IS 100, represents about ten dollars proﬁt to
you.

When you want to sell the shares come in .'

and tell me, and we will attend to the matter“ 

at once."

CHAPTER VII.-—Nick Has a Narrow Escape.

Next morning there ‘was a repetition of the

previous day's scene at the Stock Exchange. only, . .
Michigan

instead of ﬂuctuating back and forth. '

Northern took on a boom and scared up to 107,’ '

Nick, however, was not aware of his good ln&
until he met Dick about noon on Broad Street
“Well, Nick, did you buy those ten shares vet?’

he asked, rather doubtling that his new friend .

had done so. ‘I;

“Sure, I did," replied Nick, nodding his'head. -'
“When did you do it 1'” . 

“About half-past three.”
“Then you bought the stock
Dick nodded. ,
“I suppose you know it’s -gone up seven points
this morning so far?” / l , 

at par?”

 

  
  

   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
    
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
    
  

 l"'”‘4‘No, has it?” asked Nick. in some surprise.
__- n'Ut“‘~ I,I'limixe(l with delight. “Is that really a

7—“Yes, it's really a fact. Why don't you keep
-- on your deal?" '~
_ ‘Too busy, and I didn't think about it. I sup-
‘ «=~—- that it wouldn't go up for a day or two."
~ ‘Well, you don’t want to suppose any such
gihing.» I'll bet it will go to 112 before the Ex-
“ change closes at three.” _
°‘But I’ve got to sell at 110, mustn't I?"
- ‘;,You don't have to. I said yesterday that I
ught you'd better sell at that ﬁgure if ‘you
" ht the stock. I've changed my mind since.
‘hold on for 115 if I was you.”
As the boys reached the neighborhood of the
s Building, where Nick had to deliver a mes-
' on the ﬁfth ﬂoor. they separated. On his
y back to the oﬂice Nick pondered over his
ttle venture in Michigan Northern. I-lis gen-
= ignorance of stock transactions made him
I all at sea, as it were over the deal. The
ﬁeskion that perplexed him ‘was. when should
yell out? He was tolerably familiar with the
‘ - - yphics of the ticker'tape bv this time. and
3 » ﬁrst thing he did when he reached the oﬁice
«is ’ : to look up the latest quotation of Michigan
_ . hern. He found that the stock had gone to

"While he was eagerly watching for another

change and entered his. room. Presently he rang
‘ . Nick and sent hirn”on an errand_to the Bowl-
Creen Building. The boy was gone about
' -  ers of an hour, and returned with an
'4 . Mr. Chiswell, however,» had returned to
' » bi-hange. and the cashier told Nick he_ had
V‘ 7 - - take the note over to him. Accordingly
 B hastened around to,New Street.
Ashe passed the corner of Nassau Street. Joe
3 who had tried to relieve him of his roll
Confederate shinplasters on the day Nick ar-
’ in New York, was coming down that street
saw him. Furniss had not expected to run
 the country boy again. and was rather
.-. to see Nick trudging, along with an
, ve"in 'his hand just like any of the Wall
Jnesaengers. - ' _
He immediately followed on behind him to see
_ e was going. Down New Street went
=- and into the messenger’s entrance of the
. Exchange.’
>_ - he's workin’ for some broker, is he'.’"_mut-
the young rascal. “Well. I owe him a lickin’
goin’ to give it to him."
stood hack in a convenient doorway and
—« for Nick to come out. After ﬁve minutes
‘gone by the boy from Westbury came out
unconscious t the one enemy he had made

1! 7.‘;

, .York was lyinggin wait for him-. started
 oﬁce. As'Nick passed the doorway.
-=: rushed out upon him. aiming _a heavy
or a point behind his ear. -

at that moment, however, the lad from
ponntry, who was thinking more about his
‘ ; stock venture than where he was putting
_steoped on a banana peel that some
* — boy had thoughtlessly ﬂung upon the
k. The result was that Nick’s feet ﬂew
he fell backward. Fiirniss had laundhed
‘with all his strength. and. as it

 

A BID .FOR_ A FORTUNE

- ‘on Mr. Chiswell came in from the Ex-‘

9

hit nothing but air.'he was overbalanoed. and
tripped over Nick's falling body and shot for-.
ward upon the cobblestones. His forehead came A
into collision with a stone that happened to be
hiliher than the others, and, as the stone was
the harder ‘of the two. Furniss saw more nlanets
and stars than ever in his life before. In fact.
it knocked him out for several moments. during
which Nick picked himself up and then regarded
the fallen rascal with great astonishment.

_Several men and boys had witnessed the in-
cident, and the boys set up a shout of derision
and hurriedup to see the outcome of the affair.

‘_‘Dat feller came mighty near doin’ _\'0use up. '
said a very small A. D. T. messenger.

“I don't understand you,” replied Nick, in some
surprise.

“Don't you know dat he tried to slug youae?”

“You’re fooling.” replied Nutting_

“_Not on your life I ain’t foolin’. He swung
a right~handed J_olt at you just as you went down.
and d9n’h€ t1'|DDed and struck his nut on a
cobble. He rushed out at you from dat doorway.
I t’ought he was goin’ to kill youse. de way he
went for you. He ain’t got no more dan was
comin’ to him.”

_“Why, I've seen that chap before," ejaculated
Nick. now recognizing his enemy. “Blessed it
it ain’t the boy I ﬂoored in an Exchange Place
oﬂlce building the day I came to New York. If
it hadn't _been for that scrap I wouldn't have
Rot a Jobﬁin Wall Street.”

Fiirniss sat up with a pained and puzzled look
on his countenance. Gazing around, he saw Nick
looking at him. _

“I'll ﬁx you for that. see if I don’t,” he growled
darkly, for he had a dim notion that the country
lad was responsible for the bump he got on the
forehead.

“What's the matter with you?" asked Nick. “I
haven't done anything to you.”

A Uni! of spectators began to thicken about
them, for it looked as if there was going to be
a scrap. The crowd_was disappointed, howiﬁer.
as the rude Jolt Furniss had received had knocked
the_ ﬁght_out of him for the time being, at least,
while Nick, on his side, was not looking for

' trouble.

“I'll get square with you yet,” threatened the
ex-‘Maritime Exchange messenger, feeling of the
painful lump that had appeared on his forehead.
f‘l’ll do you up for keeps at the first chance-I
2et—you can bet your life on that.”

And with these words he pushed his way
through the circle of spectators, some of whom
Jeered him. and walked off down New Street,
while Nick went of in the other direction, not
quite satisﬁed in his own mind as to what had
happened to his former opponent.

CHAPTER VIII.—-Nick Picks Up a Tip.

Three o’clock came, and the Exchange closed
before Nick had decided whether he would sell
his stock or not. The closing quotation was 11?.
and the prospect that it would go higher on the
following day was good. Nick was off at half-
past three, and he went around the bank—in
Nassau Street with a half-fo

 

intention to 1 , 

 

  

  

    

-..‘

10

close out the deal. He got into conversation
with one of the small ‘speculators in the waiting-

‘ room, and this person assured him that Michigan
-Northern was almost certain to go up to 120 next
day. That encouraged Nick to hold on a while
longer. The stock opened at 113 next morning
and at eleven o’clock was going at 116.

“It’s- going to 120, all right,” ‘thought Dick,
whe he saw the quotation on the oilice ticker.

Five minutes later he got a diﬁerent im-
pression. A couple of brokers came in to see Mr.
Chiswell, and while they were waiting their turn
for an interview they got to talking about the
excitement in Michigan Northern. Nick heard
one tell the other that he was looking for a break
in the market at any moment.

He asked the cashier if he could get off for a
few oments. but that gentleman replied that
Mr. iswell was liable to call for him at any

, moment to carry an important message. and it
would not do for him to let him off. It happened
that the broker rang for him while he was talk-
ing to the cashier. and when he went inside he
found a note waiting for him to carry to the
Vanderpool Building, and that settled any chance
of his going to Nassau Street right away.

When he got back Mr. Chiswell was out. and
‘be repeated his request to the cashier.

' “Very well. You may go, but don’t remain
out long.” _ -

Nick snatched up his hat and made a bee-line
for the bank on Nassau Street. He made pretty
lfeast time and arrived flushed and almost breath-

ss. .

“What’s the excitement?" asked the margin
clerk, with a grin. as he appeared in front of
the window.

“I want to sell my ten shares‘ of Michigan

Northern right away,” ﬂuttered Nick.

“It will be sold in ﬁve minutes,” replied the
margin clerk. and Nick went away with a big
load off his mind.

Half an hour afterward the slump set in, and"

Michigan Northern went to pot with a crash. and
a panic ensued at the Exchange. Nick was out
on an errand at the time and did not learn
about it till he got back to the oﬁice. when he
saw _by the excitement among the crowd of cus-
tomers around the ofﬁce ticker that something
unusual was on the tapis.
‘what was the matter.

“The market has gone to smash." was the
startling reply. . I

“Well,” thought Nick. “I guess I did not get
out any too soon. I had a pretty close shave.

‘I'll have to study the market before I take any
more chances. Why, I might have lost every
cent of that hundred dollars. What would Nellie
have said?"

V ' Next day he got a statement of account from
the bank and found that histen shares had been
sold for 117% and that he had made one hundred
and seventy-ﬁve dollars. ’

’ So from that day Nick applied himself in his
spare moments, to the study of the_ science of
stock speculation. Although he found many

temptations during the next six months to take _

another shy at the market with the three hun-
and dollars in the savings bank. he resisted them.
ﬂu One day; after Nick had been nine months

fwiﬂ: Broker Chiswell, and was considered one

. _ . ;

 

A. BID son A FORTUNE

He asked one of them _

 

 

of the smartest messengers in Wall Street. Mr:
Edwards. the cashier. sent him over to the '5 -'-_.
of Morris & Hutchins. in Exchange Place. where
his friends, Dick Hudson, still held the _
of messenger, to deliver a note of some 
portance that required an answer from Mr. -
Morris. ‘ 1
“Mr. Morris isn't in, Nick," said Dick, when
he stated the object of his call. “He’s over at
the Exchange whooping things up." '6‘
“Then I’ll have to go there," said Nick. ‘Mr...
Chiswell is laid up with a severe cold. and I guess _.
your firm is attending to his orders. At any;
rate, this note has to be delivered right away, and 
I've got to carry_a reply back to the oﬁice.” ‘ ’ 
“All right. I’ll see youlater.” said Dick, as his",
friend started for the door and then glided down
the corridor to the elevator. »
In five minutes Nick was in the Exchange and"
one of the attendants was looking about for Mr.._
Morris. While Nick was leaning on the railin j
two brokers came in that way, and the boy‘
overheard one of them say. as they passed on.
into the enclosure, “C. & B. is certain to go 
68 before the end of-——" ‘ -
That was all he heard, but it stirred up his’
wits. The speaker he recognized as one of «M
solid men of the Street’, and when such a -v = *‘
made a statement it was presumed to car-ry= _;-'
good deal of weight. V
“So Mr. Jessup is sure that C. dz B. will 
to 68 before the end of—this week, I judge 
said, though I didn’t hear him say so. I wonder
what C. 8: ‘B. is ruling at now? I'll ﬁnd out‘
when I get back to the office. It looks to ow‘-
as if I had accidentally stumbled on to a real
tip. Maybe I can make something out of it.",*’_
Nick delivered his note, got his answer, ..
hurried out of the Exchange. Nick reached "
office, delivered Mr. Morris’s reply to the cashier ,
and then returned to his seat in the receptionvi
room and took up the Wall Street Indicator. .
Consulting the previous day’s stock quotations,
he found that C. & B. had closed at 59. 
over a file of the paper. he noted the fact 
for a month C.‘ & B. had not been above 60. —'._
Then he looked over the tape and saw a .«
transactions in the stock that morning at p ‘ -- ’
ranging from 59 to 59 5-8. ‘, --2 g
“I wonder if a pool has been formed to bound T.
that particular stock?” he asked himsélf. ti"-$3
He went into the counting-room and told 
Haley what he had heard the brokers say 
C. &_ B. going to 68 before the end of the week;

.."
an.‘

  
  
  

The stenographer would not encourage 
to take any chances on the strength of if
a tip, so he returned to his chair to think-ii}
over. He watched the ticker closely 
Exchange closed for the day d saw that . .v,
had been an unusual number 0 sales of C. 8' i
the last at 60. When he left the oﬁoe, half
hour later’, ‘he ran around to see Dick and -.
him coming out of the office building. He -’-
him about the tip and asked him what he thoﬂdlf. .,
about it. _ 
_ “I think it’s a good one,” said Dick. “I’ve - -~ ::
money enough to collar ten shares and Pm. me i“
to buy ’em in the morning. I'd advise you A_,.;.
buy; as many as you can raise the  it
and then sell out at 68." ‘ ;1

  

».

   

    
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
    
  
   
  
  
 
  
   

A » BID FOR

Nick thought the matter over on his way
«. ...— and decided to take the  Next morn-

he found a chance to draw his money from
31!: bank, and he bought ﬁfty shares of C. J: B.

- .60.

-CHAPTER‘ IX.——Nick’s Second Bid For a
' _' ‘ ’ Fortune. '

‘Nick, having a personal interest in the stock
ket once more,~ kept a sharp ‘eye on the
all morning, whenever he was in the oifice,
got a chance to look at the tape in some other
cc, and he saw that transactions in C. & B.
gyfhe Exchange continued to grow in volume,
that the price, by degrees, advanced to 61.
 was encouraging to him. _ »
’ may say I have made ﬁfty dollars this morn-
«-'—that is, almo t. Perhaps'I shall be twice
‘ much as that ead by three o’clock." ’
“The ﬁnal quotation of _C. & B. that day was
§“E1"l-8, and Nick was satisﬁed that his prospect
, making another stake was pretty good. Next
5% C. & B. began to attract some attention at
 Exchange, and there was considerable gen-
buying, which sent the price up to 64, at
‘ - ﬁgure it closed for the day. Nick then
in and told Miss Haley, the stenographer,
' he had bought ﬁfty shar;/-s of C. & B. /at
and that it was now listed t  _.
‘You're a great boy," she siiiiled. “Did you
_ up all the money you have? .
‘Yes. Every cent." 5 _ , _ 9"
“Half of it belongs to your sister, doesn t it .
ick nodded. _ 9"
‘Do you think that's _fair to her. _
‘es;-because if I win she gets half of the
“f'W'ell, I hope you will come out all right, but
are taking a great risk." . _ _
‘ . 'ng ventured, nothing won,” replied Nick.
« alaugh. “
"That's all right,” she answered, but W811
-",,,,,‘ ' !i8 about the worst place in _the world to
" 5' ‘that idea in practice."
came out a hundred and seventy-ﬁve dollars
= before, and I -didn’t know anything more
4 the stock market than a donkey."
 more you think you know about a game ’of
', sometimes, the worse you're olf, for you re
to take greater ‘chances.’ . . .
ell, I mean to hold on to C. & B. till it hits
"ad then I’m going to sell quick.'.’
ed, however, that when the stock
, at price, next day, Nick was uptown at
player's home. When he got back C. & B.
., ‘ ted at 69. — He found no chance to go to
*' _ . bmk on Nassau street until after the
'  had closed, and then C. dz B. was 71.
Niejnentered the bank and ordered his shares

as he came out he ran into Dick Hudson.
walked up Nassau street together as far as
kﬁdge entrance, where Dick took a car for
 _, - ; g in Brooklyn. Nick's ﬁfty char_es were
.. Sign the -market opened next morning 

‘ 1'1 F3-8. ,-Consequently, when he received

-: (he found that he and his sister had

 

A FORTUNE 4 *

jointly made ﬁve hundred and ﬁfty dollars. After
his ﬁrst transaction in Michigan Northern he had
written Nellie that he had more than doubled hei-
money ‘in the stock market, and she had written
back that she was delighted to hear ‘it. Now he
was tickled to think that he had still better news
to send her. He felt so good over his second
success that he took his check and statement in
to Miss Haley and showed them to her.

“What have you to say to that, Miss Haley?” he
asked triumphantly.

“I think you're an uncommonly lucky boy,” she
replied, with a smile.

“That's the advantage of getting hold of a tip,”
he said. _ ’

Nick had no further interest in C. & B., but he
watched it, nevertheless, to see how high it would
go. It reached 74 that day, but on the following
day declined to 71. -By the end of the following
week it was down to 63, and there it appeared
likely to remain. Those who bought it at high-
water mark lost money, while those who bought
it below 70 and sold out before the decline did
very well.

“If I had been able to buy a thousand shares,”
remarked Nick to himself, “I would have made a
bunch of money. Some day maybe I’ll have
enough money to make a good haul.”

As it was, Nick congratulated himself that dur-
ing the short time he had been in Wall Street he
had expanded his original deposit of one hundred
and twenty—ﬁve ,dollars into eight hundred and
ﬁfty dollars.

flf I can keep on doing as well I shall make an
heiress out of my sister by and by. It's a good

’ thing that I came to New York. T ere may be

a million people out of work here al the year
around. but I guess ere’s a chance for a new-
corner to get on Just he same. At any rate, I
think I've proved it. for I haven't been a whole
day out of work since I came here.”

CHAPTER X.-4Nick Makrs His Third Scoop
on the Market. ‘

As soon as Nellie Nutting feceived her broth-
er's letter acquainting her with the fact that he
had made another successful venture in the Wall
Street market, and that their united capital now
amounted to eight hundred and fifty dollars; she
wrote right back and said that she wanted to
come to New York. so that she could be near
him, and get a position herself in the metropolis.

It happened that Mrs. Jarvis. Nick's boarding-
mouse missus, had a vacant hall room, so the boy
cngaged it for his sister, and sent her ﬁfty dol-

hrs with which to settle and debts she owed in’

Wcstbury and to her way down to the city.
On the appointegatﬁy he met her at Weeliawken

and brought her to his boarding-house, in West -

Forty-ﬁfth street. As she was a very pretty girl,
her appearance at the-dining—table that evening
created something of a sensation. Mr. Gilson
was particularly struck, but Nick did not intro-
duce him to_ his‘ sister until the meal was over,
and the margin clerk followed them out into the
entry, so that the boy was obliged, through sheer
politeness, to do so.

   

ll‘

  

 

A BID FOR A FORTUNE

“Take the chair, Nellie,” said Nick, when they
reached his room. _

“And where are you going to sit?" she asked.

“Oh, the bed is good enough for me,” he an-

“My goodness!
“Yes, I've seen larger.

This is an awful small room.”
Yours isn't much big-

“It doesn’t look much larger than a good-sized

“That was my idea of this one when I saw it
ﬁrst, but I’ve got used to it and don’t mind‘ it at
Well, Nellie, what kind of a position are you
going to look for?”

“I thought I'd like to learn to be a dressmaker
or a milliner.”

Nick shook his head.

"I wouldn’t, if I was you. Learn to be a stenog-
rapiier and get an oﬂice position downtown in
Wall Street."

“I wish I could, bu

“Come now, no buts.

 __ ,._,

Just put on your hat and
‘come with me over to a Broadway commercial
school. They have both day and evening sessions.
We'll make arrangements for _vou to take the day
course of shorthand, typewriting and bookkeep-
I’ll put up the price and pay your board
while you're learning. In three or four months
you ought to be able to work yourself into a job.
I'll ask Mr. Chiswell to interestiiimself in getting
you a place when I think you're able to fill the
Then we can go and come from work to-
gether, and I can kind of keep an eye on you."

“That would be nice," said his sister, with
sparkling eyes.

So they started oil’ for the school that Nick had
in his mind. He paid for a full course of instruc-
tion. in the branches he had outlined and next
morning Nellie started to fit herself for an oﬂice

She was a bright, clever. girl, and -made rapid
the days went by.
Nick was on the lookout for another chance to
increase their combined capital, which Nelie’s ad-
vent in the city had reduced by one hundred dol-
It was not long before he noticed that, for
some unknown reason, a certain gilt-edged stock
was selling low in the market—much lower than
he believed was justified by the company's re-
So he bought one hundred shares at 52,
on the usual ten per cent. margin.
though he was not aware of the fact, that a pool
had been formed to boom this very stock, and the
brokers employed‘ by the combine had been using
every trick known to Wall Street to depress the
stock, the .name of which was M. & N., so that
they could gather in large blocks of it at bed—rock
prices on the qu

Nick bought the shares_ when it was at its
lowest point, and he soon had the satisfaction of
seeing it begin to rise, little by little, to its former
standing of 60. As soon as it reached that ﬁgure
the boy began to consider about selling out and
The market, however, be-
ginning to take on a bullish aspect, be .de-
hurry, as he ﬁgured that
probably go still higher.
the line improved during the
M. & N. went to 64.
that it had pretty nearly reached top-

In the meantime

 

It happened,

 

taking his proﬁt.
cided not to be in a

M. &~N. would
_f all-the stock al

‘now amounts to thirty-three hundred dollars.

  

    
  
  
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
    
    
       
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
 

, .
notch, and was quite unprepared for the sudden '
interest that the traders took’ in it on the follow- -
ing Monday morning, owing to certain reports’
that the capitalists interested in the pool man-
aged to get published in the Sunday newspapers. '

When the Exchange opened for business of)“ '
Monday a crowd of eager buyers gathered around
the M. & N. standard and began bidding for the .,
stock. The bulk of the ﬂoating shares having
already been acquired by the syndicate, the stock
was hard to get. So little of it came to the sur- I
face‘ that the price rose from hour to hour, until ;
at three o'clock 72 was bid, with 73 asked. Next ‘
morning when a certain broker offered 73 he ,
found that there was no rush on the part of _'
holders of M. S: N. to accept, and consequently by "
noon there were a dozen brokers offering 78, with
few. sales even at that price. Nick - met his ‘» ‘
friend Dick Hudson on the street, and they got to I
tﬁilking about the unexpected developments in ;"

. & N. ‘

“You can take my word for it that there’s 8
combination of moneyed men at the bottom of it. -I
They’ve practically cornered the stock, otherwise
it wouldn’t be so hard to get.” , s

“I've begun to think so myself. I bought one ‘
hundred shares when it was away down at 52, 3.
and now I'm ﬁguring on selling out at the present ’
high price." ‘ ’

“I'd sell right away if I was you. You bought ~
at 52, you say. It is now 78, or was ﬁfteen min- ,
utes ago. That will give .you a clear proﬁt of*_
ever twenty-ﬁve hundred dollars. You ought it ‘
be satisﬁed with that.” _ .

“I agree with you. After I take this note 1: on":
Broadway I'll stop at the bank on my way get -
and order the shares sold,” said Nick. ‘ 1

Half an hour later the young messenger en- .7
tered the Nassau street bank and told the margin '
clerk to sell his one hundred shares. They were‘
snapped up at 78%, and next day Nick received
a check for twenty-ﬁve hundred dollars, in addi-
tion to the amount of the margin he had put up.’

“Well, sis," he said to Nellie that evening after
supper, “you and I are getting rich fast." _ — ‘I

“How is that?” she asked inquisitively. -. ,

“I've been taking another shy at the market.’ ‘-

“Have you? And did you win?" . ,

“I should say I did. The other day I noticed’
that M. & N. was uncommonly low down in price.
I said to myself, that stock is bound to go up as
soon as the general market picks up, so I bough
one hundred shares of it. I’d have bought more
if I could have afforded to. The market did im-
prove and the stock went up, as I thought it?
would. Just when I was getting ready to_sell
out a boom set in that carried the price awa up.‘
Yesterday, I thought it had gone high enoug for
me, so I unloaded. I, or rather we-—-for you are
my partner, as I began by using your money with
my own, and consequently it was only fair
having shared the risk, even without ‘your knowl-
edge, you should share the proﬁts as well-—w '
have” cleared twenty-ﬁve hundred and ﬁfty d
ars.

“Twenty-five hundred and ﬁfty dollars!” ex
claimed Nellie, to whom such a sum looked like
small fortune. “You don't mean that, Nick?’

“I certainly do mean it. Our combined capi _

 

   
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
 

    
 

 

   
  
   
  
   
   
    
    
  
    
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
      
     
     
    
   
    
 

A BID FOR

‘word, Nellie, you're worth at this minute exact-
sixteen hundred and ﬁfty dollars.”

“Oh, Nick, is it possible?”

‘.The boy laughed at her astonishment and de-

=.‘Why, we're rich, aren't we?”
, Rich! Hardly, sis. We're just nicely ﬁxed
7 ,1‘ young people of our iige land inexperience".
' Have you put it in a an .”
.No. It's in an envelope, addressed to myself,
in our oﬁce safe.” ’
' “Do you think it's perfectly safe there?"
“Sure it is. Now, sis, you can either let your
remain with me, to use as I think best, or
v can have it to-morrow to put in a savings
. to your own credit."
“I think I’ll let you keep it, for it seems to
v: best with you.”
“I think it does,'too; but, still, I might make a
kc and lose the whole of the money at one
Pgrhaps-you had better let me have the three
~ dred dollars and you can use the three thou-
--» dollars. Then, no matter what happened,
would still have something to call upon.”
. ‘,‘_All right, Nell. I'll bring you home three hun-
‘ -- dollars to-morrow night and you can put it
the Dime Savings Bank.” '
He was as good as his word, and on the follow-
 day Nellie Nutting opened an account in her
’  in the savings bank. Nick also told
:: Haley of his ﬂiird slice of good luck in the
 and she once more tﬁangratulated him.
1"] su pose u'll kee on ti you run against
ﬁiag-End losio it all in‘; lump. That's about the
' y people do who are successful a few times
, ' ng in Wall Street," she said.
Q ‘I hope I shall prove myself an exception," re-
Nick, laughing. '
“I. hope you will, but I have my doubts. It
foolhardly to me for a boy like you to risk
savings, or earnings, in this Wall Street game.
older, and shall I say W1S_e!‘p heﬁds are 105'
their money at it every day in the 793!‘-", _
."D1m’t you mind, Miss Haley. I am simply
' - ; a bid for fortune. To make easy money
has to take desperate chances. It may’ be
u inane, but I seem to be built that way.
Face," she laughed. “You have the fever

"'What fever?’ —

g y, ‘the Wall Street fever, of course. _If.I
your three thousands dollars Id put it in
bank and let it stay there. But of course
U5n’t do that. ‘Now, when are you gojns to
.. cg me to your sister? Why dont you
. her down some day?" , ,
=4, -mean to. Then we’ll all go to Delmonico.s

I

  

  

  

  

1‘! ‘i'co’s, indeed!
‘ suit you?” _ I
, there's a nice restaurant On Beaver
‘that will rhaps answer as well. May I
on you? ’ll get my friend, Dick Hudson,
alo , and then there'll be four of 'us_.

consliged the matter,” she replied. with 8

Will nothing less ex-

 

 
    
     
  
 

   

ulianner, however, implied _that she was not
to the proposition; so Nick was satisﬁed
. would go when the time came.

     

 

I A . FORTUNE 13‘

CHAPTER’ XI.-—What Nick Overheard in the
. Wood.

One Sunday afternoon, soon after Nellie Nut-
ting had been graduated from the commercial
school and had s-. ired, through Mr. Chiswell’s
good oﬁices, a position as a stenographer and
bookkeeper in an asphalt company’s employ in a
big Nassau street oﬂice building near Wall Street,
her brother proposed to take her along with Dick
and himself, over to New Jersey for a trolley ride.
It was a ﬁne early summer day, and shereadily
32'l‘eed to 20- Dick. who had taken quite a fancy
to his friend's pretty sister, was delighted to have
her along. So they took an elevated train for
the Desbrosses street ferry and were soon on
board of a trolley car on the other side of the
river, speeding toward the town of Newark. The

‘young people enjoyed the ride hugely, and went
for some distance beyond Newark. Here the
country aspect of the vicinage put Nick and his
sister in mind of Westbury, and the trio strolled
some little distance from the trolley ‘line. Finally
they sat down to rest on a big stone on the edge
of a small wood.

“I wonder where a fellow can get a drink?”
said Nick, presently.

“There are no saloons around here, and if they
were they would not be open on Sunday," grinned
Hudson. - ‘

“Oh, you get out!" laughed Nick. “You know
what I mean. I want a drink of water."

“I thought maybe it was beer," chuckled Dick.

Nellie laughed, for she knew her brother's
friend was only joking. .

“Well, I'm going to hunt up a house and ask
for a drink," said Nick, getting up. “I'll leave
you to entertain Nellie.”

“I'll try to ﬁll the bill," replied Dick. .

“All right, Dick; but cut out love-making, for I
;l‘o_n;‘t want to lose my sister yet- a while," laughed
- ic .' '

“Why, the idea!" blushed Nellie.
ashamed to make such a remark?’

Dick ﬂushed up, too, for it was rather embar-
rassing to have the suggestion made in the pres-
ence bf 50* charming a young lady. Nick grinned
and walked otf down the road, expecting to find a
house at the corner of the w When he
reached that point he saw one about a quarter of
a mile ahead, around the turn of the road. He
walked to the place, knocked on the door, and
asked for a drink, which was readily handed to
him. Thanking the woman of the house, Nick
started to return to the place where he had left
Dick and his sister.

“I guess I'd better make a short» cut through
this wood. It will save’ time," he said to himself.

Accordingly he took a well-worn path and was
soon threading his way through the leafy ten-acre
lot. He had penetrated about halfway through
the wood when he heard the voices of two men,
and one of them seemed familiar to him. The
sounds came from a thick clump of bushes. The
thick turf deadened the sound of -Nick's footfalls,
and his approach was not noticed by two well-
dressed men seated on a dead tree-trunk within
the dense ring of shrubbery.

 x’ .

 

“Aren't you . -

One of these men.
was Gilson, and it was his voice that struck wlﬂ:

 

 
 

    
    
     
         
    

  

 
 

 

 

,« '.J

a familiar ring on the boy's ear. Curiosity to see
if it really was Gilson induced Nick to stop and
peer through the overgrowth that surrounded the
twé men. it was Gilson, sure enough, and he held
across his knees a japanned tin box, from which
he had just removed a covering of newspaper.

“So the bonds you spoke of are in that box?”
said Gilson’s companion.

“Yes. Ten of them, of a market value of ten
hundred and sixty dollars each."

“But can you turn them into cash?—that's the
important qur.-stion."

“I think so, if the attempt is made right away.
They are not likely to be missed for some little
time to come, unless Mr. Mandelbaum or Mr.
Slewsby should take it into. their heads to make
an inventory of the contents of the vault.”

“How do you expect to get rid of them? I can't

' wait an indefinite time for that money you owe

me, and I don't care to take the bonds as‘ security
for the debt, for if their loss should be discover
they would become useless, so far as I am con-
cerned."

“It wouldn't do for me to try to sell them in
New York. That's too near home. I might have
to answer questions that would place me in a bad
light." .

“Then what do you mean to do-—take them to
Philadelphia or Boston?” ,

“I would if I could leave town, but I can't.
My idea is for you to take them to Boston and
hypothecate them for as ‘much as you can get."

“Oh. come now, Gilson; I don't propose to make
myself a cat’s—paw to draw your chestnuts out
of the ﬁre,” ’ _

“Come off, Fletcher! I’m not trying to make
a cat's-paw of you."

“What is your proposition?" asked Fletcher,
with a show of interest. _

“It is this: You take the bonds to Boston.
They aggregate in value ten thousand six hun-
dred dollars. Go to some good bank, represent
yourself as a small capitalist, and request a loan
of eight thousand dollars on them for thirty days.

. You can disguise yourself with a beard of some

kind and make your face up to look like a man
"of fifty or sixty years. You ough to have no
trouble. Act with great apparent f ankness, and
you should be able to put the deal through with-
out risk. When you get the money come back,
and we'll divide up half and half, you to cancel
the three hundred dollars I owe you. That's fair
enough, isn't it? You'll make four thousand dol-

_ la-rs instead of three hundred dollars.”

Iﬁenmr was evidently taken with the proposi-
tion. The chance of making four thousand dol-
lars was worth considering, even if there was a
bit of risk attached to it.

“When the tin box is eventually found to‘ be
missing from the vault in your oﬁce what will be
the —cor'1’seqnence? Any chance of you being sus-

“I shppose everybodyin the oﬂice will come
under suspicion and will be investigated by de-

7 tectives. I’m going to soak the bulk of my four

thousand dollars away in some small savings
bank, under a fictitious name, and be very cau-
tious about spending money, so as not to give any

. one the impression that I am living beyond my
 means. _Oh, I'm a‘ foxy boy, all right, Fletcher.

  

.'~*.-ar. -

'A BID FOR ‘A FORTUNE

They'll never get on to me. As for yourself, no;-
one could ever connect you with the matter, if you iii
are careful about your disguise in Boston. You 3_
must make yourself up to look twice as old as you
really are; then you will be quite safe." '

“Well, I'll do it," said Fletcher, after some 

cogitation. “Youare sure that the bonds won’t
be missed within a few days?" 1 _
“I can guarantee that, as it is‘not likely either 1
of the bosses will go through the vaults until the _
end of the month. at the soonest. Ive never yet -

known them to do so in the middle of the month,‘_.
or in the middle of the quarter, and l’ve been " 3,
It is now the tenth of '-
Those bonds won't be wanted till the“:

with the ﬁrm ﬁve years,
June.
thirty-ﬁrst of the month, when the interest con-
pons fall due.
work the riifle.”

“All right," replied Fletcher.
lars on them?"

“Sure.

security on a short-time loan."

“I’ll make my arrangements to take the mid- ‘'

night train for Boston at the Grand Central Sta-J’
tion, so as to get through with the business early '
to-morrow and get back to town‘ by to-morrowj
night. Wrap up that box again. I’ll pry it open -

when I get home and then bury the box in the f

yard somewhere.” i
G_ilson wrapped the tin box up in newspaper ;
again and handed it to his companion. '

“I'll look for you in the billiard rooms to- 
“If you don’t show up T
I'll consider that you’ve been delayed. and I will
i be at the same place on Tuesday nisrht at ten." ;

morrow night," he said.

“All right.” replied Fletcher. getting up. _

Gilson did the same. Nick Nutting, who 
been an interested listener to. the foregoing con- ‘'
versation, looked around for some spot behind ‘,
which to conceal himself and thus escape observa- ‘
tion when the men came out of the shrubbery;-f’
It appeared, however, that the top of his derby "-
showed above the bushes. and Fletcher, who! had ;
a sharp and watchful eye, noticed it and saw it ‘.1
move. He suspected the presence of a listener i

close together, when the flying box caught hing »
a stunning blow alongside of the head and.‘
stretched him senseless on the grass. 5

o<'

 

4‘;

CHAPTER x11.—4;nson and His Friend Fletcherag :1

“What's the matter '.”’ exclaimed Gilson, very ’
much astonished at his companion’s strange

' Fletcher did not answer, but sprang thro 
the Shfubbery to see what had been the 
He almost stumbled over the forli-*

in his pIth.‘f

of his action.
of Nick Rutting, that lay directly
He uttered an exclamation of satisfaction, w‘ .

was echoed by one of surprise and consternation»,
on Gilson’s part, when, following close at ' "

boy.
“Nick Nutting!" he ejaculated. aghast. ,-
“What! You know him?" cried Fletclnr. :

surprise. 

 

You have lots of time in which to 

_ “But do you '-
think I can get as much as eight thousand dol- +

Any bank will let you have seventy> Q
ﬁve per cent. of the market value of a gilt-edge ‘

at once, and, with an oath, raised the tin bo.: and 
ﬂung it over the top of the bushes. Nick had"
just turned to get behind three trees that grew"

associate’s heels. he recognized the 

  
 

  

     
    
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
 
  

v7 V 
_ “Sure~I do. He boards in the same house with
“she.” .
The deuce he does! Then the game is up, and
\ve’re both in the bad box—or at least you are,
or I shall make myself scare for a while.”
“What do you mean ?"
‘“It ought to be clear enough. The boy has been
. ing to our conversation. Something must
 ve aroused his suspicions to cause him to fol-
us out here.”
“I can’t see what it could be. Besides, I saw
one following us when we came here."
The proof of the pudding is the evidence he.-
'. us. This boy. you say, lives in the same
_, v — with vou on Forty-ﬁfth Street. What
wﬂuld have brought him way out here beyond
Hewark unless he's been follow’:-ig us 1”’
_.That was a poser for Gilson to solve. and he
gave it up. ‘
‘ “He saw you carry that box out of the house.
-= ted_there was something crooked in the
 d, and shadowed you to Herald Square, where
'4 _IIiet you. Then he followed us both here to
.»- out what he could."
 fThe theory doesn't seem reasonable. Fletcher."
objected Gilson. “The box was done up iippaper
Ind resembled an ordinary package. Besides, what
hpsiness was it of his if I carried a dozen pack-
les out of the‘ house? What is there suspicious
that. anyway? No, I don't believe he followed
Heymust have come here by accident. He’s
great boy for taking long walks. He’s been
’ ill overthe Bronx on foot, and way above Spuy-
‘En Duyvi], too. He told me so. Take’ -my word
I ‘it, he came out here on the trolley and has
walking around all the afternoon. He just
' this wood by accident.:' . _
I don't care how he hitut; he’S been llsbenln’
n our talk, and the fat 1S in the ﬁre."
 How do you know he has? Maybe he was
passing up the path when you spied him.
I »didn’t spy him. I only saw the top of his
.. and from its position and movements I knew
- t aw y that the wearer was hiding behind
bushes. He was trying to get away unob-
. .. when I shied the box at his head, and
y aim was good I laid him out. The ones-
now is, what are we going to do? _Youd
return that box to your oﬁice vault in the
~ A and try to raise that three hundred dol-
some other way." _ .
tr. stared blankly at his companion and
down at the senseless boy. ’ _
t I can‘t raise it any other way.” reviled
lliiirgin clerk.
on must. It is impossible to do anything
«the bonds now. This boy probably knows
= hing. We’ve got to try and square him
ow. If he tells what he knows You'll lo“
job so quick that it will take your breath

I
“wish there was some way that We could

prhim I prisoner until we realized on the
" = ’“ Then I’d be willing to chuck up my Job
' West somewhere. I'm tired of work-
_ salary. anyway.’ Four thousand
woul A set me up in the Nevada gold
. for instance, and I don't belieye any
.» . would come hunting for me out there.
"  thinkﬂof some way of ﬁxing this chap

2 days. i 2 , ' e .

 

‘.

A B'iD- FOR A FORTUNE

15

“Well,” replied Fletcher. “if it was only dark
now we could carry him over to Peter F urniss’s
roadhouse. Peter is a friend of mine, and he'd
do me a favor if he could. He'd ﬁnd a quiet‘
lodging in his cellar for_ this young man for a
week or so if I put the matter up to him."

“Would he ?" asked Gilson, eagerly. “That
would be just the thing. How far is his road-
house from here?"

“Not half a mile.”

_ “Well, we can wait here till it gets dark. It
is sundown now. We won’t have so long to -kill
time."_

‘:Suppose this boy come to his senses before
were ready to move him? He may give us
trouble.” _

“We can bind his arms and gag him with our
handkerchiefsa That will keep him quiet."

“All right." agreed Fletcher.

So Gilson and his companion sat down near
where Nick lay stretched out on thelturf. and
while they talked together in a low tone of their
plans with regard to raising the eight thousand
dollars on the bonds in the tin box they watched
.the boy for signs indicating his return to con-
sciousness.

In the meantime Dick Hudson and Nellie Nut-
ting sat on the big stone and talked upon dif-
ferent subjects, until the girl remarked that her
brother had been an unusually long time away.

“That's so——he has,” admitted Dick. “He must
have gone some distance for that drink of water.”

Fifteen minutes more passed. and still there
was no sign of Nick.

_“Where can he have gone?" said Nellie, be-
gmn_1ng to feel almost alarmed over her brother's
continued absence. ‘ ’

“You know as much about it as I do. Miss
Nellie.” '

“Do you think he could have got into any
trouble?" -

_“‘:]\:Vhy. what trouble could he get into 7" said

“It seems to me something must have hap-
pened to him. or he wouldn't stay away so long.
Let _us walk up the road a bit.”

Dick had no objections, so they walked to
the corner of the wood, from which point they
savge the house where Nick had got the drink of
wa r.

f‘Let us_ go as far as that house. at any rate,"
said Nellie. “-Perhaps the people could tell us
If I18 Went straight on up the road."

If he stormed there, and the people are home.
he surely would have got the drink, and then
he would have had no reason to go any further.’

“He must have zone further, or he would have
been back long before this,"-said Nellie, feeling
very_ much disturbed. '

Dick could not help but admit that Nick’:
lengthened absence was rather singular, and he
wished that his friend would turn up. for dark-
ness was avbroaching and they were nearly a
mile from the trolley road. They walked to the
house where Nick had got his drink, and Dick
knocked at the door and inquired if": boy had
called there an hour or so before for a drink of
water. v
f‘Yeg." replied the woman; “I gave_him a

‘drink.

“Did you notice which way he went then?’

4

 

  

 '§:.1 ' =

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 

 

16

“I tliinklhel went down the road.” ’

“We've been waiting for him at the other end
of the wood for a whole hour. If he had gone
down the road we should have seen him.”

The woman, however. could‘not give any ex-
plicit information, as she had not paid any at-

’ tention to Nick after he went away. Dick and
Nellie held a consultation and then walked back
to the stone. As it was now growing dusk. Dick
said that they had better walk on toward the
trolley.

“Nick mav overtake us, or we may ﬁnd him-

there waiting for us to come on."

By the time they reached the trolley crossing
it was almost dark, but they did not see Nick
around. Nellie now showed evidence of distress
and alarm. They let several cars pass by, but,
as it was now dark, Dick said they had better
start for New York and not wait iny longer in
that lonesome spot.

Nellie tearfully acceded, but during the trip to
Newark, and on to Jersey City. she was silent
and depressed, and nothing that Dick could say
had much eﬁect in cheering her up. They crosqd
the ferry and Dick took her home by the elevated.
She refused to go to supper with him, for she
iad no appetite now to eat. So Dick ’left her
at the boarding-house and went to a restaurant
himself, wondering where Nick had taken himself
33 to, or whether he had really got into some
trouble away out in New Jersey.

CHAPTER XIII.-\—NickF_Finds Himself in a Tight
IX.

When Nick Nutting came to his senses he was
rather astonished to ﬁnd himself in the dark.
He was lying at full length on a couch made of
old gunnysacks, in one of the corners in a stone
cellar, but he was not immediately aware of this
fact. All he realized was that he was lying
down, and that the place was uncommonly dark.
He sat up and looked around him. That it was

‘ A‘ _‘night struck him as a fact; that he was not

in his little ﬁve by eight hall bedroom at the
boarding-house seemed another fact. Naturally
his first confused exclamation was, “Where am I
at?” _

By degrees recollection asserted itse1f—v_aguely
at~ﬁrst, then more clearly. _The last thing he
could call to mind was listening to a conversa-
tion between Gilson and a man whom his fellow-
boarder addressed as Fletcher. It_related to the
disposition of some bonds contained in a_ tin
box that had been surreptitiously taken by Gilson
from the vault of the ofﬁce where he was em-
ployed. While Nick had no great opinion of
the margin clerk. he never suspected him as cap-
able of anything crooked. He was therefczce much
surmised to ﬁnd that Gilson was to a.l intents
Ind>'purposes 8 thief. But what puzzled Nick
was to fill up the interval between  conversa-
 and his present singular situation. Stretch-
ing out liis_hand, he touched the rough surface
of the stone'wall. _ _ _
‘ “Why, I'm in a cellar," he cried. “How did I
get here?”

‘ _ he'c-Irricd in his pocket. He struck a light, and

 

Q .

A 3113' FOR A FORTUNE

Finally he bdliought himself of the matchsafe \

‘came to New York, and knocked you out, be-’ 1

 

when the matchﬂared up he loo‘.:§l aroubd. 'l‘rnly_-=
it was a cellar-a_ low—ceiled, cobwebby, dirty«,';g:,
place, littered with old barrels, boxes, and other 
junk of a similar nature. A short wide stair-
way led to a closed trap in one corner. . .

“Upon my word,” said Nick, “this is ‘a ﬁne :
hole—for rats.”

After thoroughly investigating his surround— ~
ings he was satisﬁed the only way out was by :
way .of the stairs and trap. So he walked up
the stairs and tried to push open the flap above. “
It would not budge. "
\ “Am I a prisoner?” he asked himself, with
some concern. _

Apparently he was, so he returned to his‘-,
couch of gunnysacks to reﬂect upon his position
and to await developments. In the course of
an hour he hearddootsteps moving across an im-
carpeted floor overhead. After a time the trap 1
was lifted, and a pair of legs, followed by a body .
and a head, came down into the cellar. By the
light of a lantern carried by the intruder Nick
saw that his visitor was a burly youth. The boy '
advanced straight toward him, and when close
enough swung the lantern aloft. The light fell,
alike on Nick's countenance and the newoomer’s.
The yonng Wall Street messenger was surprised. ~
and not a bit pleased, to recognize the boy  i
Joe Furniss. '

“Oh, you’ve come to your senses. have you?’
chuckled Furniss, in no friendly way. “Took 
you a long time to zet over that little crack ‘
on the nut.” ‘,

“So it's you, is it ?” said Nick, rather aggres-
sively, for he knew that he need look for no
favors from the boy who had proved himself his ,;
enemy. ‘ , A

“Yes. it's me,” grinned Fumiss. ,
“I"”erhaps you'll tell me what has‘ happened to 
me . ‘

“Don't you know?" '.

“If I did I shouldn‘t ask you for information ..;
on the subject.”

“You were caught listenin’ to what was none V’
of your business, and you got a whack alongside ;
the head that knocked you silly."

“That was it, eh ?" '

“That's what.”
“And while I was unconscious I was brought
here ?” I

“You couldn’t have made a better guess."

“Where and what is this house 2” <

“You want to know too much.” .~.

“You won't tell me, then?"

“No.”

“Am I to be kept a prisoner here ‘."’

“That's about the size of it.”

“Why?”

“ ‘Cause you are.’ -

Nick saw that there was not much to be got out
of the tough youth.

“What’d'id you come down here for 1'” he asked. 1
“To see-how you were gettinl on,’ with a grin.
“You don’t like ine, do you 1"’

“I hate you." ’ ,-

“Because I stopped you from stealing a roll of
Confederate shinplasters from me the ﬁrst day I

  

 

 
  

     

sides ?”-
“Confederate shinplasters!" exclaimed
“What do you mean '3"

 

. W n

 

 ’A‘BID FOR

  .“.lust wlht I said. The  You Sn3l-¢he‘l 0“
‘but a uric o o secession no es use .
:g" 'the Civil War." _ . _
.‘ﬁ . Furnisswas evidently surprised at this infor-
;,f Lm?‘W()l?8t did you chase me for, then, if they
L“. U ‘wasn't no good ?” ,
“Because I wanted them back.”
“You got ’em back. You took ’em out of my
pock t he I was down.”
 rlilght. I did.” _ _ ”
5 I said I'd get square with you for it. _
l‘ o “I think you tried that on New Street a little
.while ago.” or ii
’ “I'm goin’ to try it again.”
\ “When?”
“Now.” _ _ _ ,
‘3Al1 right.” replied Nick, springing to his feet-
gé. "Sail right in." ’
~‘ -‘ Furniss put the lantern down on the head of a
if barrel and suddenly drew a stout rawhide from
under his jacket._ ’ . _ ”
"I'm going to lick you till you yell like blazes,
he said vindictively. _ _ _ _
“I don’t thinkFyou will.” cgietig Nichk, dashing
to one side as urniss raise e w ip_ menac-
ingly. . .
Furniss strutlzk out Nilcl{t:0diEs1;d0a0§1¢k9§
Toverthebari-e.onw'c anrn .an
a r then sprang upon his enemy like 8 Ymlnz cyclone-
.I The lantern fell over cigdthe tgoorru  thedllgilt
 went out. Niclsgavn Wi 171155 an .9
‘ two struggled ﬁercely around the cellar. lmtll
V they tripped over a box and went down together
. on the ﬂoor. 0
The young rascal suddenly ceased to struggle
and lay quite still‘ lelt wits a _mome1n}t ¢;_rntw0
bef N’ck dared re ase is imp 0!! 9 9 0Wv
“how” ‘M *‘° .';:*.."‘"*".;.':°::°'"~ *:.‘:“*‘**
did , d arna - seewaw_as
i maftocrmwitisi his husky opponent. Furmss
.‘.had struck his head against 8 heavy box. 8_nd
- the shock had_render_ed him senseless, Nick
* viewed his cond1tion,tw§;d2'l_'¢3t $3’f-15f?-¢'¢t§°:|s-cape
.o ' wa ' o
, I’”gi£sssay3.u won 5 in my 3
He dragged the tough_ youth_to the couch of
gnnnysacks and placed _him on it. ”
“See how you'll like it yourself for a'chan9:e,
 “Notvg to get awayldfronli vim;
: ' e lantern a rei i .
um verallred upmthe ladder. opened the trim and
‘stuck his head aboye the ﬂoor.  dark
-and 'lent. He his way up,eo _ t e rap
“and srloued an emp _v bee; keg upon it to hold
.1: down. ‘ Flashing the lantern around‘ thetroom
"in 'hhef dh' lf.hcsaw‘tati was
 withognsmalllltbear, several round tables
and a dozen or more c alts-
‘ “Looks like ii saloon.” thouxht Nick”
der if I can get out throilifh thﬁt 1300??
The door in question opened upon the country
irzad, but it was locked and bolted. and the key
the lock was missing.‘
: ‘I must ﬁnd some other way of making my
way out," he said, starting to examine the nearest
ow. ,
Jnstthen he heard heavy footsteps approach-
the rear door of the barroom, I-lastily kilow-

  

  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

“I won-

 

A FORTUNE 17
ing out the lantern light, Nick concealed himself

under one of the tables and_ waited for develop-
merits.

CHAPTER XIV.—-A Pointer Worth 5 Fortune.

A stout, middle-aged man, bearing a common
lamp in one hand, and a tray with three glasses
in the other. entered the room and placed his
load on the bar. He was smoothly shaven, with
short-cropped hair of a rediﬁsh tint, and a bull
neck. His whole appearance was tough and
pugnacious. It was a toss up, so far as looks
went, whether he was an ex-pugilist or an ex-
convict. This was Peter Furniss, proprietor of
the roadhouse, and Joe Furnissb uncle.

Nick, watching him from under the table. men-

tally decided that his face would have done honor v

to the Rogue’s Gallery. He placed three clean
glasses on the bar. in two of which he mixed
fancy drinks. while into the third he poured
three ﬁngers of whisky. Placing the glasses on
the trap, from which he removed the others. he
took it up, grasped the lamp once more and re-
tired as he had come. He did not quite close
the door after him, and Nick heard .him cross an
entry. and then another door was heard to bang,
after which all was still.

Nick waited to make sure that the man was
not coming back. and then came out from under
the table. He did not light the lantern again, but
g-roped his way to one of the windows overlook-
ing the road and tried it. He soon found that
it was secured by some kind of a patent latch
that deﬁed his eﬂorts. The others windows were
fitted with similar catches. It was just as well
that he did not succeed in opening them. for each
had a burglar alarm attached that would have
set up a most unearthly rattle -had the sashes
been raised over an inch.

Baffled in his attempt to get out of the bar-
room by the front door and windows, Nick tip-
toed his way to the half-open door communi-
cating with the entry. He saw a gleam of light
proceeding from a crack under a door on the
other side of the passage, and heard the sounds
of several voices in the room beyond. Nick crept
up to the door and peered through the keyhole.

He only caught a very limited view of the
interior, but he saw there were two or three per-
sons seated around a table drinlriig. .One of
these he had a good View of. He was a hand-
some, well-dressed man of perhaps thirty. He
seemed to be partially intoxicated.

"Peter." the man was saying. with a hiccough,
“you’re a good fellow. Understand? And be-
cause (hic). you’re a good fellow I'm going to
but something in your way. You've got a thou-
stand or two. Potter, in your (hie) strongbox or
in the bank. Take it out, bring it to.my oﬂice-—
you know where my (hie) oﬂice is. No. — Wall
Sti-eet—arid I'll buy you as many shares of (hie)
N.&O.stockasyoucanmeetthemarginfor.
N. & O. is going '
up, up! I know, because I’m
brokers that's going to buy it
this week. Big syndicate

oneofthe (hie)
inandboomit
behindit.soyouan’t

lose. Bound to (hic) make a thousand or two. I
wouldn't do this for anybody but (hic) you, Peter,
’cause you're a good fellow. Understand?’

up. old (hie) man—aoanz up. . 

  door’ with a key in the lock on the other.

 it's your f

 termed to boom N. & 0. stock, eh?

A E11)” -i-‘Oi:

 It was probable that Peter Fumiss understood,
.» though Nick could not make out what his answer

was. There was the sound of a chair pushed

back. and another voice said: — ‘

“Come, Watson, it’s time we got back to the

city. It's after two." '

“All right,” replied the good—looking broker,
struggling to rise from his chair.

“I mustn't be seen,” thought Nick.

He struck a match and took a hasty survey
of the entry. There was a stairway communi-
cating with the upper regions on one side, aléld Ra

1c ',

,_ on the spur of the moment. sprang for the door,
turnal the key. opened the door, and passed out
into the open air. Shutting the door behind him,

y‘ be started for ﬁre ‘front of the building. which
stood at a little distance from the nearest house.

‘ g the corner, he saw that it faced upon
the road, and also that a big touring auto- was

‘-: standing in front of the house.

Nick jumped into the car and crouched down
under the rear seat. Hardly had he stowed him-
sbif away when he heard voices approaching.
Broker Watson was being assisted forward by his
companion, who was not quite as much under the
inﬂuence of liquor as the Wall Street man. They
reached the auto and the broker was assisted on
-to the front seat. His companion took his seat
alongside of him and constituted himself the
chauffeur. In a moment or two they were bowl-
ing down the road at a swift pace.

“This is where I get to New York free and

T without any loss of time." chuckled Nick.

.  And he was right, for in due time the auto

' rolled aboard a ferryboat at‘ Jersey City, and
Nick got out from under the seat and entered

’ the men's cabin. He saw by the clock in the
‘engine-room that it was three in the morning.

g ‘ “I'll bet sis has been worrying herself almost
sick about me.’_”he said to himself, “and Dick's
been wondering why I didn’t turn up. Well, I
guess I had a lucky escape. I can't quite com-
Eurehend how I was knocked out in that wood,

t the fact remains that I. was. Of course, I
owe my imprisonment in the cellar of the road-

..house to Mr. Gilson and his friend Fletcher.
I Knowing that I was on to their little game, they

.;carried me to that place and arranged to have
-me detained until Fletcher could go to Boston
and get rid of the bonds. Well, I rather think
I'll put a spoke in their wheels to-morrow, or
rather to-day. I. feel sorry _for you, Mr. Gilson,

eral, not mine. You should not

have taken the nds.’.' -
 then begglnhto consider the valuable tip he

j, picked up a e road ouse. ‘

,  “So a combination of big traders has been

I guess I

' ’a‘t lose much time in getting in on the ground
, orwath the known: ones. I ought to be

 snore than doub e my three thousand dol-

e thisdeal. Iknowthetipisasure think.

this broker was talking about the boom with

V  the way to the ferry, and I easily

' every word he said. Probably he wouldn't

1o,eouununicative_if_ he hadn't been so

r is; bad-thing for-any man to
mouth. It.plnysAthe;dickens.,with his

A  .

Nick hurried ashore- and‘ took a Ninth 
train ..uptown. He got out at-_the Forty-second

Street station and hurried to his boarding-house.  -

It was nearly four o'clock when he reached his
room,
strdtched out asleep on his bed. He lit the gas

"and saw that his sister's eyes were red from

“It's too bad you had to V 

weeping.

“Poor sis!" he said.
suffer on my account.”

Then he woke her up, and she was overjoyed
to ﬁnd herself in his arms.

“I'll explain everything to-morrow," he said,
in answer to her anxious inquiries. "Now go to
you room and turn in. It's four o'clock."

CHAPTER XV.—Nick Becomes a Person of sofoe
Financial Importance. » -

When Nick arrived at the oﬂice that morning
he had his plans all arranged. He left the house
unusually early, so as to avoid meeting with.-
Gilson. When Mr. Chiswell came into the oﬁice
Nick surprised him with a request for a private
interview. *

“Well, Nick, what is it?" the broker asked.
after motioning him to the seat beside his desk.

“It's a matter of great importance, sir, as you 

will admit as soon as I have told you."

He then gave his employer an account of his ._*‘-"

where he found Nellie, fully dressed, " ,-‘

. 3'

adventure in the wood on the outskirts of Newark.  

“So this man Gilson. employed by Mandelbaum. .
& Slewsby, is a thief?

on Saturday afternoon, I suppose.
I'll send for Mr. Mandelbaum. It won’t do for
you.to carry the message over, for if Gilson in.
at the office this morning, and should happen ta;
see you there, he’d take alarm at once and make;
himself scarce. We must get him into the Tombs-
right away, and then telegraph the Boston police
to try and catch his associate in guilt."

So Mr. Chiswell called in a junior clerk and .
sent the note by him to the office of Mandelbauni‘
& Slewsby. In the meantime Nick told Mr. Chisq
{ell about his further experiences at the road-

ouse.

“It is evident that the proprietor of that liouhe 

stood in with those two rascals, and that 
meant to detain you a prisoner until they had ac-
complished their object. I will notify
authorities to arrest the man and hold him until
you can go out there this afternoon and appease;
against him.” ‘

The broker called up Central on his phone and?’
had connection made with the Newark police.
headquarters. By the time he had made 
authorities there understand what he wanted 31:.
Mandelhaum entered the private otﬁce. . .1 

‘‘_Take a seat. Mr. Mandelbaum." said Broke?‘
Chiswell. “I have a very serious matter to eaﬁs
to your notice. It appears from information I’
have received from my oflice boy here that-
have been robbed ad‘ a tin box containing a 
ber of bonds.’ . _i

“Robbed!” erclauned Mr. Mandelbaum. ina :
of great astonishment. -—~“Not that I am 
Mr.’Chiawell;- Let me hear on‘ what ground I

_ _ _He took the box eon- . 1'.
taming the bonds in qudtion from the oflice vault ..)-_.
Very well.-“i “ _

    
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
 

- “Nick,” said. Mr. Chiswell, turning to his mes-

senger, “tell your.,story to Mr. Mandelbaum."
« And Nick did so, in as few words as possible.
Mr. Mandelbaum heard him with attention, and
was thunderstruck at the revelation.

“Why, Gilson has been ‘in our oﬂice ﬁve years.
He has our entire conﬁdence. It doesn’t seem
possible that he could—pshaw! I will soon find
out. An examination of the vault will at once
show if the tin box in question be missing. If
it- is—well, 'Gilson is at the office, and he will have
_ to explain in the presence of a detective.”

* After Mr. Mandelbaum had taken his departure,
‘ Nick said he had something else to speak to Mr.
Chiswell about. ..

“More adventures?" asked the broker, with a
smile.

“No, sir; this is about a tip on the market.”

“Indeed!” replied Mr. Chiswell. “What is it?”

» Nick then told him what he had overheard
., Broker Watson say about.the combination which’
 had been formed to boom N. & 0., and how he
— was one of the brokers that had been selected.
to do the buying and ming. ~

“Upon my word, Nick, I think you have got
hold of an -important pointer. I shall investi-
gate it at once, and if I ﬁnd that developments
hear you out I will invest largely on the strength
of it, in which event I proposethat you shall
share my good fortune. I will-give you ten per
cent. oi whatever I may win.”

“Thank you. sir.” replied Nick.

When he returned to his duty in the outer
oﬁice the boy looked up the previous Saturday’s
quotations of N. 0...and found that the stock
- was ruling around 59, but it had been as low
as 55 on the preceding Monday. At that moment
‘Mr. Chiswell called Nick inside.

* “I've just had word over the wire from Mr.
~ Mandelbaum that your story is corroborated by
theabsence of thetin box contaimng ten Lake
‘ Shore bonds. worth ten thousand six hundred dol-
lars. He has sentfor a detective to take Gilson
into custody.”
- _When Mr. Chiswell dismissed him, Nick asked
. ., for half an hour’s leave of absence, which, being
franted. he made use of to draw his money from
his safe deposit box, take it around to the little
“bank in Nassau Street and purchase five hundred
shares of N. & O. at 59 on the usual mamm-
_ ‘Phat afternoon Nick was called upon to at-
tuid the Tombs Police Court at the examination
of Gilson for grand larceny, and he gave his

 

to his employer and to Mr. Mandelbaum. Gilson
ivas held to await the action of the Grand Jury.
,_Nick learned then that Fletcher had been ar-
rested in Boston while trying to negotﬁate the
anticipated loan of eight thousand dollars on the
' . News was also received that Peter Fur-
nisa had been arrested at his roadhouse and would
be brought up for examination in a Newark po-
lite court next morning. at which time Nuttinz
.6-Vras directed to appear and "substantiate his
charge against him. i ~
When Nick returned to-the oﬂice the Exchange
had closed .for the day. and N. J: 0.. had zone '0
 Nick went to Newark on the following morn-
 and told his story before the police magis-
, . Peter Fumiss put in an absolute denial.
‘ Nick could potsubstantiate his charge, the

evidence just as he had told it that morning .

A BID FOR A {FORTUNE ' 19

magistrate said that he cculd not hold the pris-
oner, and so the proprietor of the roadhouse was
discharged. When the young messenger retum-
ed to Wall Street early in the afternoon he
found, much to his satisfaction, that N. & 0. had
advanced to 64.

That afternoon Mr. Chiswell told Nick that he
had purchased ﬁfteen thousand shares of the stock
in question, and hoped to get as many more be-
fore it went much higher. Next morning there
was a considerable demand in the Exchange for
N. & 0. stock, and the price went up to 66 by
noon. The scarcity of the stock demonstrated
that a corner had probably been made in it, and
there seemed to be nothing to prevent the price
from advancing at a rapid rate, which it did,
closing at 70.

On the following day the Exchange was in an
uproar over certain statements that leaked out
about the road, all to its advantage, and the
price went to 80 by three. That afternoon Mr.
Chiswell told Nick that he had sold ten thousand
of his shares at a proﬁt of one hundred and
seventy dollars, and that he intended to get rid
of the balance in the morning at the opening of
the market. _ .

“I expect to clean up four hundred thousand
dollars through your tip, and if I do I shall hand
you my check for forty thousand dollars, as

between us.’

“Gee!” whistled Nick. “I'll be wealthy.”

“You certainly will, for a messenger boy."

Before four o'clock the boy hastened around to
the bank and ordered his ﬁve hundred shares to
be sold ﬁrst thing in the morning. It was done,
and Nick found that he had cleared ten thousand
five hundred dollars 0!? the deal. The combined
capital of himself and his sister now amounted
to thirteen thousand ﬁve hundred dollars. In
view of what he expected to receive from his em-
ployer, he decided to hand Nellie her half of that
amount, and not run the risk of losing her money
in any subsequent deal he might carry into effect.

Accordingly he got her to go with him to the
banking department of the Title Guarantee and
Trust Company, and he handed over to the
cashier the sum of six thousand seven hundred
and ﬁfty dollars as a time deposit in her name,

which would be entitled to draw regular semi- '

annual Chiswell

interest. Next morning Mr.

_handed Nick his check for forty thousand two

hundred dollars, which raised his individual cap-
ital to forty—seven thousand dollars.

1

CHAPTER XVI.—Conclusion.

Nellie went into raptures over the big sum of
molrliey her brother had received from Mr. Chis-
we .

“Why, you’re rich, Nick, aren't you?» Just to
think, you’re worth forty-seven thousand dollars!
And I am actually worth a little over seven thou-
sand dollars. My goodness! What a grand house
we could build_in Westbury if we went back there
to live. How the people would open their eyes!”

We'd be the great moguls of the place. and all
our_old friends would take Eeir hats of to us,”
laughed Nick. “I wonder ow the news, if it

 

  

  

 ' traveled there, would strike Deacon Dabbleton?

I wouldn't be surprised if he had a ﬁt."

Nick stowed his money, as usual, in his safe
deposit box, and went about his regular duties
just as if he depended for a living on his wages
and was not the richest messenger boy in Wall

 A Street. He and Nellie moved to a much better

boarding-house in West Twenty-fourth street,

 where they had a small and a large room, con-

necting. A month later Gilson and Fletcher were

tried on separate counts for the bond crime, and

were convicted and sentenced to Sing Sing for a

, term of years. On the morning following their
‘ conviction Nick received a letter from Mr. Man-

‘ delbaum, in which he thanked the boy for his
services in saving the ﬁrm from a loss of nearly
eleven thousand dollars, and begged him to accept

I  the enclosed check for one thousand dollars as a

substantial evidence of their appreciation.

- . He showed the letter and check to Mr. Chiswell,
f and the broker congratulated him on his further
 , good luck. Nick and Nellie both paid a two
:- weeks’ visit to Westbury in August, taking their
vacations at the same time, and perhaps they did
not make the eyes of their old friends bulge with
wonder. Nellie had stylish summer gowns to
burn, while Nick had a couple of dandy suits
that took his boy friends’ breath away. He told
Frank Fairbanks that he was not sure whether
there were a half a million people out of work all
the time in New York, but, as for himself, he got
a job the first day he landed in the metropolis
r-' and he had it yet. Deacon Dabbleton so far un-
T. bent his starched-up dignity as to greet them both

-~ with great aﬂability. '
He was very anxious to learn how Nick had
acquired the money to put on so much style; but

 the boy would not gratify his curiosity. The day"

that they returned to New York, Nick pointed out

. a paragraph in a morning paper to his sister

’ which stated that Joe Fumiss had been arrested
-7 in Newark for theft. He was afterward con-
victed and sent to Snake Hill for two years. The

weeks and months ﬂew by after that, and brother ‘

and sister continued to give ‘complete satisfaction
,6 to their employers. Christmas was drawing near
before Nick found another opportunity to use his
funds in the market.
1‘ Then he accidentally secured’ advance informa-

roads. Nick succeeded in buying ﬁve thousand
shares of the L. & M., which controlled the situa-
tion, at 92, putting up almost every cent he had
on margin. In the aggregate the deal involved
a matter of four hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars, and the Nassau street bank had to hypothe-
cate the shares as fast as it secured them in
order to carry the transaction.

. Nick gave_Mr. Chiswell and Dick Hudson the
 beneﬁt of the tip also. The former agreed to
' give Nick another ten per cent. of his winnings
$3‘ as a compensation. It was some days before the
news of the consolidation was ofﬁcially confirmed,
but as soon as it was there was an immediate
rush by the.brokers and the public alike to secure
some of the shares. In the scramble which ensued
the price ran up to par on the ﬁrst day. Two
days later L. & M. was going at 110, and Nick
concluded to sell .out and he did. He cleared
 over fifty thousand dollars. Dick

 
 

 

A BID ' FOR_ A FORTUNE‘

tion about the consolidation between two big rail-,

 

Hudson sold out his L. & M. holdings at about the
same time, made one thousand dollars, and was
proportionately happy. ‘

' Mr. Chiswell held on until the shares reached
112, and then gradually disposed of the stock at
a proﬁt of two hundred thousand dollars. A few
days afterward he called Nick into his oﬂice and
‘handed him his check for twenty thousand dol-
ars.

“You ought to be pretty well ﬁxed by this time,"
he said to his messenger. “That makes sixty
thousand dollars I've paid you for the use of two
tips.

“I am, sir. I'm worth exactly double that
amount," smiled Nick. .

“I don't quite'understand you,” replied the -'

broker, in some surprise.

Then Nick confessed that he had been operating
in the market on his own hook for some time,
and that he had not only made seven thousand
dollars for his sister, but sixty thousand dollars
.for himself.

“So you see, sir, I’m worth, with this check,
exactly one hundred and twenty thousand dollars
at this moment." '

Mr. Chiswell was certainlv astonished. He
congratulated Nick on his good luck, but advised
him to keep out of the market in the future until

. he grew older and had accumulated more experi-

ence and knowledge of the stock business.

Nick took his employer’s advice, dropped fur-
ther dealings withthe market and put his money
out at interest. After that he attended strictly
to business, and was soon promoted to the coun:~
ing-room, where he gradually rose to the post of
cashier. During this time he discovered that Miss
Lizzie Haley, the stenographer, had other desir-
able qualities besides that of mere good looks,
and he began to exhibit a strong interest in her
direction, which the girl reciprocated, for she
recognized that Nick was pure gold and a lad who
was bound to make his mark in the world.

Dick I-Iudson’s partiality for the society of Nel-
lie _Nutting also increased as time went by, and
Nick was not at all surprised when his chum
came to him one day and asked him if he had
any objection to him as his future brother-in-law.

“Of course not, Dick," he replied heartily.
“Are you and Nellie of one mind on this interest-
ing question?" .

“We are," replied Dick, and the two boys shook
hands over it.

That night Nick congratulated his sister.

“I have also a secret to tell you, sis.”

“What is it?” she asked, interestedly.

“Lizzie Haley and I are engaged to be married

as soon\as Mr. Chiswell takes me into the firm.’

“I’m so glad,” cried Nellie, putting her arms
around her brother’s neck and kissing him fondly.
“I must see Lizzie at once." s

Six months later Nick became Mr. Chiswell's
junior partner, and during the following week
there was a double wedding, at one of which the
broker officiated as best man for the boy who
had made a successful bid for fortune.

Next week's issue will contain “BOUND TO

RISE; or, FIGHTING HIS WAY TO SUC— ,.

csss." ,

 

 
 
 

   Al\ID' ',FOR'I’UNE wsEi<LY e
C U R  E N T N E W S

_ A SCIENTIFIC EAGLE _ He was greatly relieved to learn that Marvin
“Because an eagle built her nest on the trans- Carter had motolfed to _t0W'n With {I Colt seated
dintinental telephone line between San Francisco 1“ the 79311 Of h_1S t0“1'1Y1g €31‘. While Some one

- New York at a point near Elko, Nev., tele- held the animal In Place-

- - -. conversation between the Atlantic and Pa- ~

coas/ts was stopped and Associated Press
4: for a few hours were interferred with. In SPIDER WEBS ON HATS
nest were found pieces of wire and automo- Spider webs are reported to have been pre-
parts, which caused a short circuit. pared successfully by a European collec'co'r for Z
« -————j trimmings for women’s hats, handbags, cushions
' HORSE GIVES HIM SCARE and other articles.’ The webs, says Popular Me-
Turner Williams, of Perry, Mo., ‘while being‘ ch.am'.cs, are first transferred to gummed cards’
ed recently, happened to glance out of the and then treated with chemicals to give them
her shop window and saw a touring car drive strength and to make them waterproof. They
with a horse sitting in the back seat. He are then placed on the cloth background like
_’atelv fainted and. after reviving. started silken threads. As a full-grown spider can spin
_ 'rin if any one else had seen what he had a new web in ‘about an hour, a constant supply
‘ght e had seen. ‘ of the material is easily obtained.

* BOYS, READ THIS

' THE GREATEST DETECTIVE STORIES EVER WRITTEN ARE PUBLISHED IN

“MYSTERY MAGAZIN ”

Read the number out today on all newsstands. It contains GEORGE BRONSON-
HOWARD’S detective. novelette

“ THE HOODWINKERS”

It is full of exciting incidents and contains a dandy plot.
‘All You Radio Bugs, Read
“DRAWN TEETH”

A story of roughnecks in the underworld, written by JOE BURKE.-
_ WJZ recently Broadcast It on the Air
It must have been a. good one for that great station to use it.

' And.Don’t Miss the Two-Part Serial
“THE FORBIDDEN ROOM”

By EDWARD L. BENNEIT

It zips along crowded with mystery and adventure from the ﬁrst
‘ l to the last chapter.

A  You Want Your Charadter Read Free of Charge?
‘O. Send‘ LOUI§E RICE a sam le of your writing and she will tell you your best points

in life, advise w at is best for you and help you a whole lot.

BE sum-:. TO READ THE SHORT STORIES-

‘Buttonl Button!” by Paul E. Triem; “Reunion,” by Laurence D'0rsay; “The Hypnotic

Mystery,” by Earl W. Scott; “'l‘he Clue in the Watch,” by Carl G. Hodges,
- . and _“Mixed Trails.” by Freeman Harrison. '

lnr Addition There Are Numerous '
INTERESTING ARTICLES .

They coveriall sorts of police and detective cases in real life, and
» ‘ ‘ cannot fail to please you. -

5 Get.’  Show It|to_Your Friends———You Win'uk.7'm

. s

0

   

, out of business.”

head spin.

ing-to a

g  line. ‘A

  

Rob’ and the Reporters

. Hustling for War News by Wireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XVIl.—( Continued) .

Edith was very silent as the aeroplane soared
heavenward. -

Rob, watching her face, saw it grow whiter and
whiter, but after a while this passed.

“I'm getting used to it," she remarked. “At
ﬂrst I thought I never would.” .

‘The wind failed to rise as the lieutenant had
predicted, but the sky was overcast and the night
so dark that Maxwell had to shape his course
by compass.

The night passed and with the coming of day-
break they ‘ran into a storm of wind and rain,
which proved too much for poor Edith, who suf-
fered severely. ' - ~

It continued during the morning. Shortly after
ten heavy eannonading was heard, and they knew
that another battle was on.

Later they .found themselves passing over it.

It was a wonderful sight. _ _

Rob and Brown, who had dispatched their
stories ‘as arranged, both wished that the story

' of what they were now witnessing would have

gone with the others. _

“The Germans are certainly ﬁne soldiers," re-
marked the lieutenant at length. ‘The allies will
never be able to keep them out of Paris, I'm
afraid.” - _ _

“A good deal for an Englishman to admit,”
said ‘Rob.

“I speak what I think,” was-the reply.

Scarcely were .-the words uttered when some-
thing snapped and Maxwell uttered a cry of dis-

a . -
m“yDown we go!” he exclaimed. “The motor is

“Down upon the battleﬁeld!” gasped Edith.
“We are lost!’ _ v

“If we get down alive we_ shall do well,
tered Totten. ‘This is certainly a bad Job.

Not a word was spoken after that. “

The rapidity of their descent fairly made Rob's
He threw in protecting ar_m about
Edith, inwardly praying the brave girl’s life
mi t be spared. '

everal shots were ﬁred at them as they neared
the earth, but without effect.

A sudden gustblew them from that portion of
the ﬁrin line over which they had at first hov-
ered, and they landed at a point where there
seemed to be a lull; the plain was strewn with
the dead and wounded.

“Let's m".l(9. for that house,” said Totten. point-
’ farm-house nearby. ‘I suppose they

7

’ mut-
7!

will rout us‘ out. but _
: Suddenly the cannonading began from the Ger-
‘ ball dug up‘ the sodden soil peril-

 

, _ FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

ously near them. They ran for their lives, gain-
ing the house unharmed.

It was deserted. The windows had been pretty
much all broken by bullets; the thatched roof
leaked’ so badly that they might almost as well
have been in the open so far as the rain was con-

. cerned.

The lieutenant now took Brown aside and ad-
vised him to destroy the dispatches.

“We are all made up to look like Germans and
may pass muster," he said, “but for those papers
to be found on you means sure death."

“Never,” said Brown bravely. “I'll stand by my

V guns to the last.”

“The Germans are charging!” cried Rob, who

“Here

‘stood by the shattered window.

“Get back!’ cautioned the lieutenant.
they come!’ .

It was a wonderful sight to see that ray horde
moving on the double-quick with ﬁx bayonets
ready to do deadly business.

Thousands passed.

The roar of cannon and the rattle of musketry
was deafening, to say nothing of the wild shouts
from the side of the allies. _

“That's the French of it," said Totten; “these
Germans ﬁght almost in silence.’ ._

“Its a terrible thing,’ sighed Edith. “I never
realized how terrible war is until now.”

She had scarcely spoken when a bomb came
crashing through the roof and exploded.

Rob seized Edith and dragged her through the
open door when’ the crash came.

It was all that saved them, probably.

Ayfiortion of the house fell in ruins.

“ erciful heavens, this is terrible!" gasped
Rob. “We have seen the last of our friends,
I'm afraid."

feet.
“Was she hit? Is she dead?"

Brown came crawling out from among the
ruins with his clothing all bloody.

“I don't know,” gasped Rob. “What about
Totten and Maxwell? What about yourself?"

“I'm not hurt.”

“But the bloodé-”

“That's poor Maxwell's. He was blown to
ieces. The lieutenant is dead, too. But see;
er eyes are opening. I fancy it's only a faint.

The way you got her out of there was magniﬁ.
cent. I never saw anything doiie so quickly.”

Rob knelt beside Edith and raised her.

The Germans had all passed now, but the bat-
tle still raged in the distance. It was evident
that the allies were being driven back. ‘

“Help me up,” said Edith. “I must have
fainted. What about the others?" .

She shuddered as Rob explained.

“Let's make for those woods over there as fast
as we can,” said Brown. “To hide ourselves is
our only salvation.” .

They hurried on through the rain and once off
the battleﬁeld came upon a road which ran along
at the edge of the woods, but before they could
cross it two German officers came galloping up.

One put a few questions to Brown and then
both rode on.

“What did they says?".asked‘Rob.

( To be continued.)

0

.zEdith made no answer, but dropped at his

as
w I

 

   

  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 

. THE POPE’S CI-IAIR

 The most expesive chair'in (existence belongs
’ to the Po . It is quite modem,_and was made
_to the or er of an American banker. It is of
solid silver, 'beautifully chased, weighs nearly
half a ten, and is said to_have cost something
like $60,000. ~

 ALL YOU CAN DRINK FOR A FEW CENTS.
,IN ITALY

Producers have so_much'wine that, lacking‘

~einpty casks into which to put new wine, they
now charge a few cents for the privilege of enter-
ing their cellars and drinking as much wine as
, desired. -
; Although the vintage this year is below last
year’s it is still above the‘ average of the last
twenty years. Last year‘ saw the greatest produc-
tion and what is-still left,,added to this year’s
, brings the present supply to 52,000,000
_hecto'ters. Italy consumes 38,000,000 annually
‘and exports about 3,000,000. .

 

SILVER “CAR'I‘WHEEL" COMING BACK
The silver dollar, or “cartwheel” as it is com-
monly dubbed, soon will be more generally in use
in the Eastern States, the Treasury Department
nbaving initiated the p m of distribution bx
placing one such coin in e pay envelope of eac
4:! several thousand Government employees here.‘

 Whereas the dollar in coin always has been in

_ -‘evidence in the West, the opposition has been true
"3 in the East. The Government at Washington has
"paid dollars in iianer to its ‘tbn1i.<a!‘.(ls_ of em-
“ployees, and the banks at the national capital have
paid them out in abundance. The coin has been
rare in these parts.
It has been estimated that the upkeep of paper
, oney costs the Government around 3 per cent.
(1 its total face value, while maintenance of sil-
yer dollars costs practically_ nothing. .A larger
‘ajlumber of coins put into circulation, therefore,
"will mean a saving in this expense and permit the
‘ its of a better quality of paper currency.

" About 509,000,000 cartwheels are available, of
which about 440,000,000 are required by law,to be
.,.heid in the Treasury gainst silver certificates and

s outstanding. A ut 30,000,000 are available
r immediate distribution in silver.

AAYED SOBER TEN YEARS, sues FOR
' 10000

"5 Michael Crowley, Boston and Maine Railroad

,ﬂIIpl_oyee, is suing t_he.estate of Frank Jones, mil-
’ Vfre are brewer of Portsmouth, N. H., for

-$19,000 on an alleged agreement made Sept. 1_8.
,1$03,.by.Mr. Jones to pay-Crowley that sum if
-. ~IckeKtsobe_rten years. I

‘ .121 's_ younger days Mr. Crowlev was the con-
 compaiiion of "Mr. Jones, who for a time
President of the Boston and Maine. There
‘hing, _ attachment between the two, but
iihowley in ose days was accustomed to patron-
- lr.1,Jones’s brew occasionally. .
one time Mr. Jones considered adopting -
, and it was then. Crowley asserts. that .

 

FAME VAND FORTUNE WEEKLY
FROM EVERYWHERE

 

he made him offers of money to remain a total
abstainer. The offers are claimed to have been
at one time $1,000 if Crowley would abstain for
a year, then $2,000 if he would abstain for two
years, and ﬁnally $10,000 for ten years’ ab-
stmance.

Crowley asserts he religiously kept sober, but
Jones died before the ten years expired. Crow-
le_v contends the brewer would have kept his
agreement had he lived.

The amended declaration of Crowley in the
Euit {includes two letters on which the suit is

asei.

GLACIAL AGE‘THEORY SUPPORTED

A Elacial age is en route and will cover Canada,
northern Europe and Siberia with a gigantic ice
cap, according to two very well-known scientists.
Prof. Gregory of Yale first advanced the theory
and since then several other scientists have sub-
scribed to the belief, among them being Prof.
Charles Nordmann of the University of Paris.
Prof. Nordmann asserts that the frigid prospest

is entirely due to the fact that the world is not

producin enough carbonic acid.

This su sta_!ice, which represents only one three-
thousandth part _of the earth's atmos here, has,
nevertheless, a vital influence on the ife of this
planet. Carbonic acid has the peculiar property
of_ acting like the glass roof of _a hothouse per-
mitting the warm rays of the sun to reach th
earth. b_uf reiecting into interstellar space an
is: f.”i2f.§Z‘1.‘&? the  W the  “mm-

If the earth's atmosphere had no carbonic acid,
temperature would drop about -21 degrees centi.
grade, in other words, we would be living in a
permanent temperature below zero. , Prof. Nord-
i1ian_n believes that there have been already two
glacial periods with a temperature such as we are
enJoying_at present. He deduces this from the
prehistoric data found iigexcavations. Further-
more, he agrees with the wedish scientist Arrlie-
mus that the presentperiod of earthly existence is
rélierely a phase between the late glacial period and

e new one to come, unless something is done to
prevent it. _ .

Carbonic acid gas is given out by volcanoes,
Plants. factories which use xoal, and by the respir-
agon of human beings. If enough is produced to
0 set the amount consumed by plants. for which-_

.it is as important as oxygen for animals, then

‘here 15 no danger of a permanent Arctic temper-
ature. But if the plants consume more than is
produced by other agencies, then we are in for a
gspell which may mean death for every living
It is interesting to note in this connection the /
action of the weather during the year 1924. The
spring was notoriously late and cold, the summer
unusually brief and autumn especially early. An
early as the ast_of August the region as far south
as New Yo City was visited by typical autumn
weather. Trees started shedding their leaves and
undergrowth became tinged with colors as though
it were_the middle of October. .

 

 

   
 
 
    
  
    
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  

   

‘:24

NEW STATION FOR JAPAN .
A new $4,500,000 radio station is to be con-
structed near Nagoya. Japan. V

HALTS SERMON BY RADIO
Sermons and church services broadcast over
the radio have been forbidden by order of the
consistory of the Evangelical Church of Prussia.

A "“DX" RECORD
A record for long distance communication by

was recently made» by a telegraph company at
San Francisco and the S. S. Ventura, then 6,285
miles southwest of San Francisco.

ABOUT UV-199S

When the UV-199 is subjected to excessive
‘A’ battery current the tube is likely to lose its
aensitivemess. The tube can generally be re
stored by disconnecting the ‘'8’ battery and op-
erate the set as usual for about twenty minutes.
with the “A” battery current 10 per cent. in
excess of the normal rating. Some tubes require
more than a twenty-minute test to bring the
tlhtback to normal. ,

FIGURING WAVE LENGTH
The natural wave length of an antenna can
be calculated to an approximate degree by add-
ing the length of the antenna. length of the
lead-in and length of the ground wire..then mul-
tiplying the total length of all by one and one-
a half. For example, the antenna is 100 feet
long. lead-in 30 feet and ground_ wire _20 feet,
making a total of 150 feet. Multiplying the 150
feet by one and one-half. the result is 225, the
natural period or fundamental wave length of
the antenna.

» 9 RESISTANCQTO CURRENTS

It is not only the resistance of a wire to
direct current: but also to high frequency radio

A currents which must be dealt with in a receiving
circuit. If it were only direct current large wire
would help to overcome the diﬂiculty. The re-
littance bf a wire to direct current is much less
._ than the resistance oﬂered to high-frequency cur-
rents, because high-frequency currents are un-
evenly distributed through the cross section of

  
  
 
 

  

surface of a wire. and such action is known as
the “skin eﬂect." This effect is more noticeable
in large wire,‘ and for that reason there is not
much advantage in using a large size wire. The
stance of a large wire to high-frequency cur-
rents‘ is not much less than that of a thin wire.
.€.V¢!'. the wire should not lie too thin, as the
lance will be unavoidably high and the cur-
‘ will be. impeded.

    
 
  

    
 
 
   

 

 ‘ nrlucirmcr -rusr ‘ .
V X  testins.'.aerials.. Kmunds.

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

  INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND iimrrs

radio between a ship at sea and a shore station .

the wire. High-frequency currents skim over the.

. 7 duction of the number of operators noeeaary’
radio,-parts is to take ad-T - Iran the many_gircu1ts aboard navalvesIe.|I-

  

yantage of the fundamental or regeneration. It‘
is_ well known that the object of using regenera-.
tion in a receiving set is to overcome the_:-e‘-—

sistance of the circuit. To test various parts.

etc., it is necessary to have a three-circuit tuner.
and _a constant supply of ﬁlament and’plate po-

tential and current. It would be of course pro-

ferable if one stage of audio frequency were used T
with the secondary of a second transformer con- 
nected to a crystal detector and a micrommeter:

but that is expensive and can be eliminated. To

ﬁnd out whether any radio part. aerial or ground\
has more losses, or less. than that which is now
being used, tune the set to a station just below
the oscillating point. Record the variometer set-
ting. Then substitute the new part for the old.
one and again tune in the same station and note
the variometer setting. If this last reading is ' "
higher than formerly then the new part is worse
than the old one. -If the reading is-lower. then .-
use the new part, as it is better.: ' ”

 

  
 

, ‘iv. ‘ v
.. ._;_:~..i>‘vi::»_

   

      
   
 

RADIO IN NAVY IS ADVANCING

Recent advances in radio communication in the
Navy include the gradual elimination of snark
sets and the substitution of tube transmitting-
se-ts, until the -sparks have been almost elimi-
nated. The employment of multiplex radio opera-
tion. and the application of automatic recorders
in the reception of radio press reports are other
advances effected recently. ‘

Tube apparatus has been applied to battle-
ships.,the new cruisers, and has been installed
on many submarines with excellent results. With
the discontinuance of old sparks. freedom from-
interference is noted. and the ability of radio: V,
personnel in the operation of the latest types.
of transmitters has increased. creased em-
ci_ency is seen and eventually al naval craft‘
will be equipped with tube equipments. s

Submarine radio communication has increased ‘,,
by new installations from between 10 and 113
miles. with the spark sets. to between 300 and
600 miles with the tube sets. The use of the"
latter is considered a long step in d velopment
and increases the security_of sub rine com-"
manders. , ‘ _

Multiplex operation. permitting several simul»
taneously. developed aboard the battleship Colo-‘
rado, is now ‘used on several of the battleshi
successfully. and it is planned to modify
radio equipment and receiving rooms on
many shipsso as to increase the -facilities of limb
operation. - ' - — 2*

Radio equipment for capital ships will eventi-
ally include separate receiving rooms .on &é
ships, aircraft carriers and battleships, so 
they may operate’ in duplex. ~

Reports from the ﬂeet indicate that the ~
in: of press reports with an automatic 
hasnietwith sucecssandmayleadtotho.

      
  
 

  
  
   
       
       
      
 

   
    
 
  

  
  
    
 
    
       
   
  
 
   
 

  
   
   
   
 

‘s.
M
-H

    
    
 
  

    
         
   
 

    
    
 
 
 
  
  
 

B}.‘RLIN’S FREAK‘ AUTO ‘

- One of the latest freak automobiles to appear‘
‘ »on the streets of Berlin, Germany, is so con-

- structed that the front end of the car bears the

- . appearance of the rear end of the ordinary car.

‘, In consequence, the vehicle seems to be running

wrong end ﬁrst, and crowds stop in the streets

’and laugh at the unusual craft.

‘GOVERNMENT URGES THE USE OF MORE
SLIVER HALF DOLLARS

‘ There is a disproportion in the supply of silver
E coins, and banks of the Federal Reserve District
 of New York have been urged to go lightly on

the quarters. Owing to the oversupply of half

 

dollars, the banks were advised to “use more

 halves and fewer quarters,” in a circular sent
 out by Benjamin Strong, Governor of the Fed-
 eral Reserve Bank. '

“As you are aware, the demand for subsidiary
silver and minor coins for holiday purposes is

'-~ particularly heavy each year from about the Ist
ﬁ,, , October until Christmas,” said the circular.
ﬁe n this connection e Treasury of the United

  

 States calls attention 0 the fact that there is an
'7 ample supply of silver halves on hand and a fair
but smaller supply of quarters. .

: “The Treasurer of the United States has ex-
’ pressed the hope that in orders for coins banks
' will be able to increase the amount of halves and
decrease the amount of quarters by approxi-

mately. 25 per cent.’-’~ _ s

  

 

  
   
  
  
  

§.~~,TOTEM POLES TO KEEP ASHES AND
 — PICTURE DEAD .

— Carved cedar posts called totem poles were
ierected by the Indians along the North Paciﬁc
' Coast from Vancouver Island to Alaska. The
.1 word totem is irregularly derived from the term
I Ototeman ogmltlgt Chippewa and other "cognate
:Algonqnin' ' s si i yin genenca y ‘ is
E-“brother-sister kin,”' ofgilvhich gtote is the gram-
.,‘f_.-, I-pntic stem.
E These poles were ‘erected during the great
ism, feasts commonly known as potlatches,_ where an
:.__'immense amount of property was given away
"and quantities of food were consumed. The
gtrunks out of which they were to be carved were
"cut down, rolled into the water and towed to the
' amid son and dancing. One or more
"carvers were emp‘l:y’ed to put on the designs.
The totem pole is to the Tlingit what a grave-
stone is to us, according to T. T. Waterman in
Tlic American Anthropologist, though they were
a not set up in cemeteries. The ancient pole was a
_:,,’d:epository for the remains of the dead, A re-
‘ A‘: was provided, usually ‘in the back of the
pole. in which the cremated remains of- the dead
nerefput. In nearly all the poles standing at_»tlie
present time such irregular cavities are visible.
‘TAB poles were set along the village front, each

 
    
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
. GOOD READING

‘I66 Wat 23d Street

 

pole in front of the U\’ul.|\. s imusi‘, in v.i.'zi-h, in
many cases, his surviving relatives or heirs are
still living. These people reckon descent through
females, not males.

A man and his wife belong to different to-
temic groups, and a pole, is regularly set up, not
by a man’s sons who belong with their mother's
people, but by his sister's sons, who are, according
to Tlingit usage, his nearest actual relatives.

The carvings on the poles represent distin-
guishing features of individual people. If a per-
son’s maternal uncle possessed a certain crest, for
instance, that crest would be assumed at the
proper time by the person himself, with the un-
cle’s other property and privileges. and repre-
sent him on a totem pole. Anything else that

happened to set a person off from the remainder-

of the tribe might be assumed by an individual.
Thus the carving of a full rigged ship on a pole
represents the old Indian who was the first in
the immediate region to see a European vessel.

A rich man at Tongass village once acted as
host to a Secretary of the Interior when he came
to Alaska on a visit. When he entered the In-
dian’s house he was invited to sit on a pile of
fine furs. At the end of- the interview he started
to leave, but was told that he was forgetting his
furs. “It is a custom of our people,” said the old
chief proudly, “that what a visitor sits upon is

is.

' When in later years a totem pole was raised,

the Secretary was put at the top of it, in a frock
coat, a stove-pipe hat and checked trousers.

“Mystery Magazine” ,

Semi-Monthly 15 Cents a Copy
159 THE RIVER PIRATES, mu:
:3 THE SHADOW 0!‘ A X01381? by J°a'i:i.c';e'c‘ii§‘oiz.

AT 2 A: It. by Beulxlh Poynter.

TEE 137319 T33. J Grover Kldwell.
'.l:HE‘_LOCK_ AND KEY. by Hamilton Craltlo.
'1‘Hl'< TAI-l\I1\G DOG. by Frank Bllghtom

'II:‘l~. HEART ON THE MIRROR. by Alexander
\iii’i?iisiiori\'rs bv I-‘rlc Howard
167 son'rmvEs'r bit ‘Tris’ LAW, '
Cralgle.

THE HOODWINKERS
By GEORGE BRONSON HOWARD
out Today in F0. 108

HARRY E, W0].-FF. Pllblillltfg Inc.
166 West 23d Sll’¢¢C New Y9]-k C“,

by Hamilton

“Moving Picture Stories” _
A Weekly larnalne neuron to rhuopuy. in; nu...

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY

Each bet in Th ﬂeas.
‘"1 “*0 3n¢uF:3‘—€1’¢l¢Inl:'Hal1r-etecasgoscenes  
'!‘:1ll|':1ls€_f_¢f)ﬁ‘l)=Ins’g‘A!;t“i£lAe:“A:1o;rIt‘d Pxomlnent zeoge in i
and Lessons in scenario Writing. a mu“.

HARRY E. WOLFI-‘. Publisher. Inc.
New tons on,

 :£:~ 5:13.13-1. .....z %'k.»'_‘«.

 

 

   
  

 Fame and Fortune Weekly
NEW roux, bcrosnn 31,

TERMS T0 sunscmsans

 

1924

 

 Ilnzlo Coplea..................1-outage Free scan:
E’ Ono Copy Three Months" .. -' " $1.00 .
5 Duo Copy Six Month: . . . . . . . .. “ ' 2.00
’ Ole Copy One Year ......... .. “ «.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. 85.00.

_ HOW To SEND l0NI£h'—At our risk send P. 0.

- Money Order, Check or ueglstered Letter; remittances
in any other way are Ilsiuur risk. - We accent Postage
Stain the sameal ca when sending I ver wrap
the our in a separate piece of paper to avoid clllﬁllt
the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.

HARRY E. WOLFF. Harry E. W011. Prel.

Publisher, Ine., Charles ‘E. Nylander. lee.
_1G6 W. 23d St... N. Y. L. I‘. Wuatn. Treaa.

1.7: T
’ TREASURE HUNTERS OFF
, The steam trawlers Foam and Spray, oil’ to
lock sunken treasure and pursue scientiﬁc inves-
tions in the ocean near Cape Charles, Va.,
the Tebo Yacht Basin, in Brooklyn recemtly.
The expedition, ﬁnanced by Anthony J. Drex-
el Biddle, J r., Franklin I: Mallory, John S. Ball
and other men of wealth, was organized primari-
’l to salvage bullion believed to have been aboard
e Ward liner Merida when that vessel sank olf
Cape Charles after a collision in 1911.

 

   

 

RECEIVES 110 STITCHES AND PUFFS
—  CALMLY ON '

-~Daniel W. Downey, a ﬁreman on the steamship
New Briton, lay upon an operating table at Johns
Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, Md., and calmly
. smoked cigarettes while surgeons sewed 110
-stitches in his face, arm, abdomen and leg. He
had refused an anaesthetic. ’

His wounds were caused by John Black, an

oiler on the vessel, who assaulted him with a
knife, according to the police. Downey’s forti-
~ tnde and courage recalled to has ital attendants

, imilar cases they had experience among Ameri-
can troops in France during the World War.

-' ~ Later in the day he was so far recovered as to
» heable to appear in Police Court against Black,
-who was held. .

Iriason GUARDS asvour arr “SASSING”
~  v BY FELONS
., fthzit rd'thWt

§um:yFi#ylv:nia,§ei.iitv;?tiir§u:ed:reud inea p§§§o’§{
‘ﬁat was before the trustees that they would re-
C unless disciplina measures were adopted

' . risonrthat w “not be ridiculed by the
 ! as the“‘“cream put?’ varie .” '

 said a guard in the nitentiary

aacriﬁceevery atom o_,f, princip e and mana

- n in theservice. -He

  
 

 

  

 

 

FAMEV ’AND FORTUNE WEEKIIY

(‘I 4

 

  
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   

 

THE SHARK AS AN ECONOMIC ASSET

From the head of the shark we obtain material,_
for glue. The tins are highly prized by Cn.m.-.~;e. -
but we, ate “Shark Fins Newburzh” once in
Boston and the taste must be acquired. The cost-
of ﬁns is about $3 per pound. The body makes a
3 good ﬁsh meal and the oil from the liver com-
mands a good price. It is the hide, however,
which is most valuable as it is almost indestruct»,
ible. The leather is excellent for shoes. Finer
grades of the tanned leather are used for un-
holstering; colored and stamped, it is everwearv‘
ing and rich to look upon. The outer strip of V
shagreen must come off in the ﬁrst place and a V
process has been successfully developed which ..
takes this away. It has the exact properties of
sandpaper of the rough variety.‘ For very ﬁne '_
work on‘. wood polishing, the shagreen of the baby » ﬁg
shark cannot be excelled. ,

LAUGHS ~ '
“Yes, I told :father that the white poker chi!)

I dropped was a peppermint tablet.” “Did he
swallow it?" “No.” 1

 

 

, “Please, lady. could you give me a dime to I
help me get to where my family is?" “Oh, your
poor man! Here is a dime for you. Where is
your family?" “Gone to ‘the movies.” " V

      
  

 

    
 
 

Mrs. Nexdore (angr-ily)—I want you to keep '
your dog out of my house; it's full of ﬂeas. Mrs.
Naylor—Your house is? Mercy! I certainly
shan’t let Fido go in there again. '-

Neizhborlv Caller—I-low many children ha
you, Mrs. Newcomer? Mrs. Newcomer (just
moved in)—Two. Neighborly Caller-—~0nly- two!
Dear me! I thought I heard about a dozen. '

    
          
 
 

 
 
  
   
    
 

“Yes,” said the old colored mammy, medita-
tively, “Cousin Martha am gittin’ old fast. When
I was six, she was twelve, she was twice .-Is
old,as I am. Now I am 48 and she am 96; yea;
Martha am gettin’ old, fast." . 4 ~

     
        
     

      
 

 

   

“My father and-.I kndw everything in
world," said a little boy to his companion.
right," said the latter. “Where's Asia 1'”
a stitl’ question, but the little fe ow anawerﬁ,
lcglolly. “That is one of the thin my father

ows.” -‘ '

     
 
 

  
  
    
  
     
 
 
 
 

  

Watering carts of a certain Irish town
decorated" with the patent" medicine ad 4 "
ments. An innocent Irishman from the rural -»
tricts looked at one the other, day. and  
“Faith, it's no wonder X is healthy, when . . .
water the streets with F1aherty’s 

 
  
   
 

  
 
   
  
 
  
  

 

 
  

“.\'1a,",remonz‘¢'rated Bobby, f‘when I‘

grandma's’ she ‘let me have fruit tarts
"-V.'e11._she.ouzht not to have done so. :» ,
said his mother.“ ‘I think once is quite

for-‘little  Thllolcler you, up!
V

mums  “Wag, amp.

  
   
    
   

u

   
   
 
  
  
    
  
   
 

FLARES FOR PETTING

\ The police of Belmont County, Pa., have
_ adopted a quiet and eifective method of disposing
of automobile petting parties. U_pon discovering
such parties, they proceed ‘as quietly as possible
to a point in front of the car, place something on
f the ground and light a fuse. For the next ﬁve
”_ . minutes the scene is illuminated with a red glare.
The couple or couples in the car, blushing from
the, red of the ﬁreworks, promptly forget any-
_/ thing except stepping on the starter.

SHARPSHOOTER RIDS CHURCH OF
T - COOING PIGEONS
» Pigeons that had been disturbing the Sunday
 ’moi-ning congregations of the First Methodist
._;. ___Episcopal Church in Yonkers, N. Y., by nesting
m,5i%_?in the belfry and cooing were stilled by Finlay
-«" Blanchard, a marksman of that city.
With the permission of Safety Commissioner
, Iles, Blanchard took a position on the sidewalk
 opposite the church and with a .32 calibre riﬂe
‘ in forty minutes picked olf thirty-ﬁve of the birds,
;: at the same dispersing the others. A crowd
4 ' cheered his marksmanship.
:1; Blanchard, who once was president of the
1. . Ymkers Rod and Gun Club, rid the church of a
E1‘ Illnilar nuisance a year ago when he shot seven-
 ﬁy-ﬁve pigeons.
CAN YOU GUESS THESE BIRDS?
A 'olly outdoor time'.'—A meadow lark.
at ‘hunters sometimes do'!——Killdeer.
Used in decorations?-—Bunting.
A color Quakers like'.’——Dove.
An unsteady light?—Flicker.
7 Haterial for summer trousers?—Duck.
V A stupid fellow?—Booby.
~A boy’s name?-Bob-white.
' What friends do'.’—Chat. ,_
A bird never seen in the summer‘.'—Snowﬂake.
What farmers need in the summer?—Thrasher.
What a d does when he is happy?--Wagtail.
A color too ?——Yellowhammer.
A baseball player?—Flycatcher.
A little monai-ch?—Kinglet. _ _ _
'l‘he_,l;ird that likes to punish Wil1iam?—- Vhip-
poorwi .
- The champion angler'.'—Kingﬁsher.

 

THE RHINOCEROS’ HORNS

According to Dr. Herbert—-Lang, who studied
.-the great white rhinoceros in the valley of the
 Nile, this animal has several very remarkable
peculiarities.

Its lower lip is armed with a plate of horn
as a protection against the sharp sword-grass,
which eonﬁitutes a part of its food.

 The strangest thing is that the great horns
 it carries on its nose—the from one of
 is about twice as long "as the rear one—-lo
‘Q grow from the bone, but‘ from the skin. This
'u"pontinuously under the base of the horn. The
has are attached to the skin by slender ﬁbres.

_ FAME AND FORTUNE'WEEKLY
. . BRIEF BUT POINTED

and two days after the animal is dead they can
be plucked off with ease. Therefore these huge
horns are not weapons of offense and deien.-:e, u..-;
merely tools which the big animal uses for push-
ing its way through the dense jungle. Doctor
_La.xﬁg says the white rhinoceros is a sociable and
mo ensive beast. It never attacks man and
never quarrels with its own kind. It has the
habit of taking a daily mud bath. It is esti-
mated that only about 3,000 white rhinoceros re-
main, the others having been slaughtered as were
the American buffaloes.

s -——oLn xoxnv wai~''r:n__... ;
$2 to " LACE d for hundreds of old

¢'0|l!l- 00!! ALL id or odd money, it may

be VERY valuable. Send 10 cu. tor ILLUS-

TRATED COIN VALVE BOOK, (:6. Get

Posted. We pay CASH.

(‘LAIIKE COIN (‘0., Ave 13. I430’, N. Y.

"i

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!

_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an afh. .
lete.

Five Different Stunts-

THE_ FLYING ’l‘RAl’l-IZE —. Release the
“'188°1"P1_n _3l1d the ﬁgure swings for-
Wﬁrd. zrlpplng the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches

‘ a cross-bar by his heels.
THROUGH THE L00l‘—A swift swing
W‘ he 8065 through a wire loop. ‘mqkes
3 mm and: catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.

THL_ GIANT SW\'l1N'G--He goes forward
With 8_ rush, releases the trapeze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in me air and
catches by his heels again.

He pertomis two more horizontal-bar_
actswith the grace and agility of ; eh».
“*5 SW1‘. and many new ones can be in-
vented.

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World!

PRICE $1.00

The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin are neatly packed in a handsome box.
Deliyered anywhere in the United States on
receipt of price. Address

‘ WOLFF NOVELTY C0.

168 W. 23d St., New York City, N. Y.

...x_-._.-

 

 
 

 ''_‘rucathe

‘  AND F0/RTUND .wEi=;Ki.Y
mas AND THERE

IMPREGNABLE BANK _
A series of bank robberies in Southern Illinois
stirred the oﬁcials of the bank at Millstadt to

. action, and it‘ was decided to keep the bank's

doors locked at all times-—even during’ business
hours. i Customers are required to rap for ad-

. mission. After the cashier satisﬁes himself as to
the identity of a patron, he is permitted to en-
ter, a. string releasing a latch which is pulled
from. the tellel"S' cage.‘

FIRST STONE BUILDINGS DISCOVERED
IN EGYPT
Two royal tomb chapels of the Third Dynasty,

believed to be the earliest stone buildings known
to the world, are reported to have been discovered

., ’ near the famous pyramids of Sakkara, about ﬁf-
' teen miles south of '

Cario.

, The chapels are thought to have been the burial
places of princesses or queens of the Third Dy-
nasty. The facades of the cha _
with ﬂuted columns with leaf- orm capitals. The
side walls have the earliest known from of
papyrus capital and column.

' RABBITS MENACING ,U. S. LIGHTHOUSE

, Because rabbits are undermining Government
buildings and the lighthouse on Smith Island at
'the eastern entrance to the Strait of Juan de
biological survey has a force of men
engaged in warfare to destroy the pests. Bio-
Ilogical‘ Assistant Leo K. Couch, in_ die)‘ _ of
rodent-control, is experimenting with_ ca cium
S cyanideduee for the lust tim_e on rabbits-
“ The island contains ﬁfty-six acres, is owned

: ‘ vi bythe Government and occupied by a lighthouse

- and a radio compass station. _ _
The rabbits have multip ed from original stock
taken there twenty-ﬁve years ago by a former
‘ light tender who raised them for the Seattle mar-

_, ? bet as a means of increasing his meagre income.

Th are'eatiii every green thing on the island
andeyare about geady to take any kind of bait. ,
~ Much of the island is heavy sea sand into
which the rodents can burrow easily. Coaxed
near the Government buildings by the greenery
' from the keeper’: garden hose irrigation the rab-
bits have. burrowed beneath the house and even
the cement light tower. There are so many holes
-about these structures they threaten to topple
in the next heavy wind storm. The rabbits are
be destroyed and the property repaired before
ter sets in.

our some voLcANo

K  5 on! active volcano in the continental
 M the United States is Mount Lassen,»in

ﬂaunt Lassenghas tossed boulders weighing a
‘three miles, and stones the size of a man's
_ten——1ailes,1yet~only once has sent forth

grow ho.tei' than iled heat:

iygeu which’ produces this
‘ * ..poiueom'n the 

13 are decorated .

hat is because the interior of",

:cs{maui   . 4.

themselves, instead of -from water percolating‘
from without the mountain, the supply hence be-.
ing less abundant. ~

Doctor Day, of Carnegie Institute, tells us of
recent borings in Northern California, which re-.
sulted in ﬁnding ‘a temperature above boiling

point of water only 3 feet below -the surface; « .«
These borings could not be carried deepenthanv " ‘-

375 feet because below that point it no longer
was possible to cool the tools with water. From

two such borings,,he said, the equivalent of 1.100 

kilowatts of energy could be obtained.

Doctor Day suggested that there is excellent“  
opportunity to derive power on a‘ commercial“

scale from borings in such a region, thus set-
ting the internal heat of the earth to helping do’
the work of the world. 5'.‘

ROMAN MINT CACHE REVEALED

A young archeologist of Somerset, Mr.  ':

win, of Portishead, has just discovered

4.000 Roman coins buried in a ﬁeld at Clapton-iih ‘r

gordano, and he is adding to this number every

ay. , . , .

Clapton-in-Gordano is three or four miles from
Bristol, England, and is a beautiful little-village
lying under the range of hills which stretch
from the -Avon Gorge to Cleveden. The ﬁeld
where this important ﬁnd has been made is on a
slope and given over to agriculture.

Coins were ﬁi-st found there by a plo
two years ago, but the number discovered than
only amounted to some two dozen. About ‘lie
weeks ago Mr. Godwin heard that some more,
cbins_ha(l been unearthed and he went to the spot
and, in _a heav rain, began “pickin them
Night fell, an still, the young enthusiast 
ﬁnding coins; though he could no longer aee:~
them, he knew what they were b their feel. The‘,
next day he returned to the co armed with,
fork, a soilsifter. axfd_a smal tin box for 
coins. With every bit of soil turned over more,

I

~ coins came to light, stuck together by ﬁfties 

hundreds. varying in size from a lialfpenny to_
a fa:-thing, and apparently made of some low;
grade bronze, Eventually it was discovered that
the coins must have been originally placed in .
skin bag (fragments of which were found) 
then put into a large black unglazed urn, '
tions of which were also turned up. It
thi;ié_i-ﬁcent plctiﬁvini hag!” shgttereid the um and
pa iaytom esin , us ‘s rsingi
of the coins about the ﬁelg. . pe ‘ ;

The authorities at the British Museum .in Lawr
don_ have examined a number of the coinsvand“
it is believed that they are all of the third”‘%
tury ‘A. D., thong: not all of the same e ’_"
Careful cleaning s made clear the 
inscriptions of Aiirelian, Claudius, Tacitus. ', ‘
bus and others and an amazing variety" of? ‘
gorical ﬁgures, such as Fortune and Victory,
symbols representing altars, charioteers, 
and centaurs. toname but a few.‘ It is n

of 4.000.»

‘ thatgthe number hiring found may reach the.

 tube‘ V

 ..,~ -.n..

1 ‘. ‘
l.l\\:\‘i

iii .-’

   
  
  
  
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
 
 

‘ D WILSON, there, is one of the
V most ambitious men in the plant.
WI notice that he never fools away his
" spare time. He studies his International
j‘ Correspondence Schools course every
 _ chance he gets.

‘.‘It’s been the making of him, too. .He
hasn’t been here nearly so long as Tom
Downéy, who was laid off yesterday,
but he knows ten times as much about
.. this business. °

4 ,’ “I'm going to give him Tom's job,
 with a raise in salary. He's the kind of
fvman we want around here.”

 

. OW do you stand in your shop —or
" ‘ oﬂice? Are you an Ed Wilson or a
. ~ Tom Downey? Are you going up? Or
‘P  do-wn? ~ '

No matter where you live, the Inter-
' national Correspondence Schools will
come to you. No matter what your
handicaps or how small your means, we

o matter how limited your previous
3;&l¢8ti0n, the sin3ply-wr1tten.,W0nd€r-

e a plan to meet yourcircumstances.»

 

7,  “There’s one man we're going to keep”

fully-illustrated I. C. S. textbooks make
it easy to learn.

This is all we ask: Without cost,
without obligating yourself in any way,
put it up to us to prove how‘we can
help you. Just mark and mail this
coupon for full particulars.

INTQIATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE “HOOD
nu «D5-0. Sn-nun. Pun.
Without can or obligation. please tell me how I canoguuli for
the pmltion or in the white: baron Ihlﬂl 1 have nut in :

BUSINBI TRAINING COURSES
Business Management Nalcunmnhip

industrial lluunmant Adv.-rusiu

Personnel Bqrur mun ~
-rnmc Mmumnenl Slum (‘ard Laue-ring
Bullrwu Law Flvmtflrrhl Ind

Banking and Banking Law ualneu Eallllh

Aecoununeyi lncludinr C.P.A.)
.\u-hul.~on (‘out Accounting

Bookkeeping (‘ommon S4.-hon] Subject:
Private Secretary iiizh school submu
~'imnish D Frrnrh illustrating D Canooninc

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL GOURIES
Electrical 1-lmzlnv-erlng Arcliiloct
l-‘.l¢-rtric Lluluiiru Architects’ Blue Print!
.\ii-chanlcnl Engineer ('untnL~lur and Builder
Mn-chaninl Dnfumln Axdailacuinl Draftsman
Machine shop Pracua (‘rmereie Builder
Railroad Position: Suurluvll I-Insim-or
nu Emrlnv Operating (‘zimxistry C] Phannuy
Aummobilr Work
.\ll':rlaDQ Engine:
Nuigauon

(‘iril I-Znclm-er
.\‘ui-vexing and Mapping
Meullurirl

Steam Enginoerinx Agriculture and Poultry
Rldlu ihlheluuu
Name ........ .. l 
Street _ . '
Addreu..... 3 ‘ 2‘ ’ 
— '4
City ........ .. jun V.
3. union.  ..

     

H013! (.‘--npmoluu M-hook (‘nnol.v'¢nn. Lizited. Mnnrrnl. I W

  

 

 

 

.~,
5
’-.

 
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
     
   
  
  

       
  

"V E powerfnileuee

aeroplane 4 miles sway."-Ire. Yﬂh.

FREE m-i;-.:..'.--.'~;..-.:

    
 

     
   

‘

     

j hgndgomg gaudy nib he coon.‘ -- i 
12 “L ltmtbefgu. _p_ G,-.é_ _ Iwn.eeenounuirn un moon A. C. Palmer.
c.“ eee ehﬂdrn '=— -» oi fortiznatepureheufram larﬁii-European

' BlIefWgQn2lVcy0Illbl barufﬁ. Be tin yeur_

. entertain your rienda, Cent
2'36

aeuetaeuee
FERRY ll G0-. 830 W. Jackson Blvd. DeII'I_- 9467 Chicago. Ill.

33 TRICKS 10c
Be a Man of .\I,v.~:-

tery. Amaze and
in y s t i t y your
friends. Easy to
learn. New LODY‘
righted hnok. "33
Card Myst erle-s"
‘tells how_ Sent

with large catalog
of Magic Tricks,
Jokes, Puzzles and

  

Imported ..\'oveltles,
V for only 1c. Send
today.

LYLE DOUGLAS
Sta. A-5, Dallas. Texas

Get Rid
of Your
Free Trial Treatment
Sent on r uest. Aak_ for I113’
"DH?-when-re uced" otter. I have

successfully reduced thousands
or persona. often at the rate of

 

‘I

 

exerciee. Let me send you proof at my ex-
pense. ‘
D3. D1. NEWMAN’. Licenled Piiyeician
itate a! New York. 286 Fifth Avenue
New York. Desk W _

FREE!

Big. Baiideeine. Dre-ed. Sleeping
Doll ant prepaid for aelllng ONL
SIX PACKSIS new E15331! Pu-
\ tuned Socket Powder 4 10¢.

‘hie ie a bald Olwte iatredaca
ecraaehet.

We also give Itaaia Delia. Walking
Delia. and Dleliaine for be!!-

UNION NOVELTY C0»
Dept. 49 Pawtucket, R. I.

 

Genuine
Leather

    

eachjluyto eell. Write I-odl . Send
In lunar. Get your Football with-

/jfﬁcii. l‘lTl.El0I0.IIS$.

Boys and Girls
EARN XNIAS MONEY

Write for 50 S('i§ -t. Nicholas Chrlstmaa
Della. Sell tor we :1 set. When sold and
- pa $3.00 and keep $2.00. No Wei-k—Juat Fan.

5'1‘. NICHOLAS ,
I814 Gienvood Rd. Dept. 118 Brooklyn, N. L

FAT

a pound a day, without diet 0!

Protect youreelf agalnai
hold-up. row:-lee. etc. with
this clever c--garette cue
of 1 ht weir
exac ly like t

th trigger b
ahgwing yoiir cg arettea.
o

  
 

 

K Y
friemils. and a great
protector. Sold exclu-
sivel b

  

 

Get Behind a Bonner
for Happiness!

There's nothing like good music for
happiness; and there’: nothing like a
Hohner forgood music. Any boyorgirl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free I-Iohner Instruc-
tion Book, procurable at allgood dealers.
And all good dealers sell Helmet’:
Harmonicas-

‘riie World's Best

“That Musical Pal of Mine" is a
favorite expression among I-Iobner en»-
thueiasts everywhere. Hohner enthusi-
asm is sweeping the country. Why
don‘t.you get in line for popularity and
enjoyment?

Go to your dealer today, get a
Hohner I-lartnonica—50¢ up—-and ask
for the Free Instruction Book. if your
dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner,
ipc., Dept. 156. New York City.

0 . .

OHNER

   

ARMONICAS

 

EGYF'i"S
_CURSE ON
HIM, SCIENT-
IST ENDS
LIFE

Ha:-. the curse
of ancient Egypt
been called down
again on alien
disturbers of her
buried trezisures?

This is once
more the talk at
London since the
suicide of H. C.
E ve lyn — White.
Egyptologist of
Leeds University.
A farewell letter
at his inquest
said: “I knew
there was a curse
on me, though I
had leave to take
those manu-
scripts to Cairo
The monks told
me the curse
would work all
the same. Now it
has done so."

He shot him-
self in a cab a
few days ago

while responding
to a summons to
an inquest (in
Miss Mary Helen
Nind. a SCh')*_Ii
teacher who poi-
soned herself on
account of unre-

quited love for
him.
White 5 p e n 1:

many years in
Egypt conducting
excavations. Dur—

ing 1920 and
1921, working in
Coptic monas-
teries in the
Wadi - Natroun
Valley, about

seventy miles
from Caz-io, he
discovered a se-
cret room about
ten feet square.
There he found :1
number of Coptic
and Arabic man-
uscripts.

After translat-
ing them there in
the heat and _dust
and tormented by
insects, he ﬁnally
obtained permis-
sion to take the
most important
manuscripts to
the Coptic Muse-
um at Cario.

    
 
  

  
 

Iledrari {cal
Experf

I

50 lo /25 42 geek "“"

Avia hon’ ﬁt-#07‘ [X,aer(
‘75 (0 /so J ape A’

FREE
_ Auto Library

A big 5-volume Auto Refer-
ence Library is FREE _to
you. 2200 pages. 2300 PIC-
tures, charts hotos_, etc.
Finest Auto l.i rary in the
world. Covers every su
iect. Most valuable refer-
ence books. Alone worth
the cost of the course—but
ALL FREE!

FREE
Tools and llutruments

Complete equipment for re-
pair work-special ratchet
wrenches. socket wrench
net‘! ex_tensions._ adapters
an universal joint. a valu-
able “Sonoscope_" for de-
tecting engine irregulari-’
ties, a volt-ammeter and a
Willard Hydrometer for
battery work, and a set of
high-grade feeler_ gauges.
This E outfit would
cost you $22 at retail.

FREE
_ Employment Service

I giveyou_ FREE ii life-long
help in aiding you to get a
fob. Use it before or after
you graduate-— an)’ time
youwish — and as long as
you wish. Through close
touch with Manufacturers
and Garages we seldom
tail to successfully place

ents who come to
us for employment.

 

 

Here’s 

 ~

. .i-K ,-,_ i \
E I?(‘f{l-Cal Experf
"75 to /so a week

  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  

 
 

How would you like to be an Automo-
tive Engineer, a Garage Owner, a Serv-
~ ice Station Manager, an Automobile
Salesman, or an Expert in some other
branch of this wonderful business?

Be the Boos with Big Pay-
Learn at Home

There's BIG MONEY in it—there’s
all kinds of opportunity. You can get a ‘ V‘
job anywhere—any tirne—after you - ‘
know the business.

Practice: lnstruction—Eaay to Learn

I can teach you—-can send you right to the top where
the BIG PAY is found. I have had practical experi-
ence for 24 years right in the biggest automobile fac-
tories of England and America. My Course is pur-
posely made simp1e_—so anyone can understand
and apply it-yet it is thorough and practical in
every way. Itis the best and oldest home study
Auto Course in _ the world. Learn, right at
home. all there is to know about an auto.

I Give You Guaranteed Training

' You risk no_thing—l guarantee your suc-
cess and satisfaction, or return any money
you pay me. But I know] can make you a
SUCCESS. My graduates ——.all over the
country——ai'e getting the big velobs and the
big pa that goeswith them. h_yshouldn't
ou. Kge or lack of education is no draw-

ck-all you need is ambition to learn.

You Earn While You Learn

I'll be your daily partner -teach you every-
thing I know-until you reach the point where
you can shift for yourself and pick the plums of
success. And you can start earning money almost
at once—doin jobs f repair inyour neighborhood
with the FRE TO LS furnish you.

Here is Your Chance—Get Started Now

Don't delay a minute——time is valu_able--arid ac.
tions speak louder than good intentions‘ Write for
full particulars and Big Free Book —— The Easy
Way to Bigger Pay." ‘It's a wonderful volume of
information. and a mine of inspiration. Take its
advice--and in less than a year you'll be a big

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
    
 
 

Mail

money-winner in this fascinating auto ﬁeld. C 53.5 5.‘ ‘ nun]. cga‘.
Tom Plumridge. Chief Engineer oupon S‘’“‘.‘ m” 3°“? ‘''‘’° '’‘’°'‘ ‘"3

‘ Aulonolive Division. American School N . he?:h.ez:tmifiint!<:nt.lit;°Ei‘::'nl5.a.y'l?lieLl‘li'l

Dept. A-584. 50th St.&Dnxel Avo., Cltieagn. Ill. OW Thin reizuen in to put me under no

Oldul and Best Home Study Ante School in the Worfl Q °b‘l'”“i°"-

J

   
   

Name ......... __.....__..».....;.-..._

“Lita

 

  

   
 
  

  

 

—— LATEST issues --
354 A Ssirc Winner; or. Th? Boy Who Went Out With R
. rcus. ’

For sale by all newadealers, or will be sent to any ad-
olross on receipt of price. 1:. per copy. In Insuey or pos-
tnco stamps-

Tllli FOLLOVVING NUMBERS PRICE 8 §BNTR

9.1’) Golden Fleece; or. The Bo Broken of Wall Street.

2:56 A .\i:'.<i i_'ap Scheme: or..' e Boy Treasure Hunters
of (‘twos island. ’

957 Adrift On the World; or. Working His Way to For-
tune.

958 ‘Playing to Win: or. The Poxicst Boy in Wall street

959 Tattr-rs; or. a Boy From the Slums.

 960 A ¥‘oun!:- Monte Cristo; or. The Richest Boy in the

.. or . .

Ml Won by Pluck: or. The Boys Who Ran 11 Railroad.

962 “ Beating the Broken; or, The Boy Who Couldn't

' Be one.
.. 96'! A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
-‘ 964 Never Say Die; or. The Young Surveyor of Happy

Valley.
965 Bags of the Market: or. The Greatest Boy in Wall

The (‘ﬁance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of
Crytsl Lake.

Striving for Fortune: or. from Bell-Boy to Million-
a

re.
Out for Business; or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
Asigavorite of Fortune; or. Striking it Rich in Wall

reet. «
Through Thick and Thin; or. The Adventures of a
Stuart 
Doing His ml Best: or. Working Ris ay Uni
Algsy; on Deck; or. The Boy Who (ads: is

a .
A Hint, of Money: or. The Young Wall Street

ro er.
The Ladder of Paine: or, From Once Boy to
lenator. »
On the square: or. The success of an Hnm-at Boy.
After a Fortune: or, The Pluckiest Boy in the West.
,Wiualiln: the dollars: or .’l'be Young Wonder of

WI . fffet. r‘
Mlirki (“ills sink; or. The Boy who Became
e
Heir to a Million: or, The Boy Who Was Born
uc . V
Loéitt lnytho Andes; or, The Treasures of the Buried
V

On His Kettle: or. A Plncky Boy in Wall Street.

A Lucky Chance; or. Taking Fortune on the Wink.

The Road to Success; or. The Career of a For-
tunate Boy.

Chsﬂilliit Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in \Vall

treat.
985 Rising in the World; or. From Factory Boy to
Manalrcr. '
586, From Dark to Dawn: or. A Poor Boy‘: Chance.
$7 not for Himself: or. Pavintr His Way to Fortune.
Diamond Cut Diamond: or. The Boy Brokers of
Wall Street.
A Start in Life: or. A Bright Boy's Ambition.
Out for a Million; or, The Young Midas of Wall

Street.
Everv inch a Boy: or. Doing Ilia Level Best.
992 uonny to Burn: or. The Shrewdest Boy in Wall

An to .Business; or, The Boy Who Waa Not
Tiﬁlaupdnv the Ticker; or. Au’ Ambitious Boy in
On to Success: or. The Boy Who Got Ahead,
. aaaair K. vvourr. Publisher. In.

’ 18 West Sad Street New York City

 

  

  

§

  
 
 

  
  
 

tale. :5 cents Poe Copy
This book contains all the most recent changes
..-in’ the method of conatrution and submission of
. Sis Lessons. covering ever base of
. .‘ol-sale In all Newadea rssnl
_-an as it y ‘cannot |l!'0Cl‘luf,O.tl sl
‘ price . n s. n Inoney or a
—_we still mail you one.‘ posiade. tree. Address.
;. seas:-ass. I10 sonata An. In York. 1'. I-

  
 

 
 

  

FAME AND roanma WEEKLY.‘

  
   
   

, ,\

.166 Wesi23dStreei

   
 
 
    
    
     
  
   
 
   
    
  
    
 
   
   
    
    
    
 

ova TEN-CENT HAND nooxsi

Useful. instructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on -Almost
Every Subject.

.
2

No. I7. HOW TO DlRSS.—(‘ontaining full instrse- 4
lion in the art of dressing and appearing well at home.
and abroad. glvm the sci:-ctions of colors, material.
an-I how to have them made up. '_

No. Ill. HOW 1'0 BECOME BEAU'l'l!"UL.-—0lle of the
brizhtcst and most valuable little books ever given to
the World. Everybody wishes to know how to becolss
lwautiful. lmtb mule and female. Th» secret is simple.
and almost Qoatlegs,

No. 20. HOW 1'0 IJNTERTAIN A.\' EVENING
PAR-TY-—A complete compendimu of games. sports.
card diversions" comic recitations. etc., suitable go, my.
lnr or drawing-room entertainment. It contains more
for the money ‘than any book publishcd.

No. :3. now To no sncoxn slmrr.-m-ners sec-
ond sight 3-: lalncd by his former assistant. Fred Bum
Jr. Explain ng how the secret dialogues were arrlsi
on between the magician and the boy on the stage: also
giving all the codes and signals.

No. 28. HOW TO EXPLAIN DBlAIl.—'1‘hls llttlt ~
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dreams. to-
gether with lucky and unlucky days.

No. 28. HOW TO TELL FOR'l'UNE8.—EVel1 CC
desirous of knowing what his future life will bring ‘
whether happiness or misery. wealth or poverty. Ion‘ _ -
can tell by a glance at this little book. Buy one and be  V
convinced. . ~ —_—

No. :9. HOW TO BECOXI AN INVENTOR.
boy should know how inventions originated. This
explains them all. giving examples in electricity. by-
draulics, magnctlsln. optics. pneumatica. mechanics. etc.

No. so. How To CO0K.—0ne of the moat instructive
books on cooking ever pnhliaho-d. It contains reci
for cooking meats, iish. me. and oysters: also
puddings. cakes and all inds of pastry. and a [re
collection of recipes. '

No. 8'1. HOW To KEEP HOUSIE.-—It contains informs-: ..
tion for everybody. boys. girls. men and wome .it will
teach you how to make almost everything a ad the’
house, such as parlor ornaments. brackets. cements.
Aeolian barns. and bird lime for catching-birds.

No. 88. HOW TO BECOME YOUR OWN DOCI'03¢- ,3"
A wonderful book. containing useful and practical is-'
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and all-
mcats common to every family. Aboundlng in use!!!
and cfft-ctive recipes for gcneral complaints.

Ns."40. IIOVV TO MAKE AND SE1‘ TRAP8.—lI€lIi!: .
int: hints on how to.catch moles. vessels, otter, rat;
;lllliiii:'l'0ltl;dI!ld birds. Also h'ow to cure skins. Copionsly;

ua ra .

No. II. ‘I'll! BOYS OF NEW YORK IND MEN'S -
JOKE IIOOK.-—(‘.ontalninc a great variety of the latet
Jokes used by the most famous end men. No amateur ‘
minstrel is.completc without this wonderful little book;

No. 42. THE nova 0!‘ NEW YORK BT17!!!’
sl>EAlIl':R.——Containing a varied assortment of sea -
speeches. Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end Inca?
jgkea. Just the thing for home amusement and sin‘ ‘
s ows. v

No. 45. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK MINSTRII.
GUIDE AND JOKE BO0K.—Somethlng new and very‘
instructive. Every boy should obtain this book. so it
contains full instructions for organising amateur um-'
strsl troupes.

Na. 52. HOW 1-o PLAY CARDS.-Giving the rule;
and full directions for laying Euchre. Cribbage,
Forty-Five, Rounce. edv-o Sancho, Draw Poker,
tioria Pitch, All Fours. and many other popular games
ca s.

No. as. now 1'0 wnrrr. Ll:‘l"l'l':Bs.—A woulerrat
little book. teliin you how to write to your
your father. mot er. slat:-.r..brother. employer , Q
fact. everybody and anybody you wish to write ta. 4
No. 56. HOW TO KEEP AND MANAGE PKG.-u '
Giving complete information as to the manner Iii”
method of raising. keeping. taming. breeding, and .
axing all kinds of pets: also givi full instnmt
Full: expla nod by twenty

1

           
 
 

  

 
     
         
       
     
       
  

   
   

 
   
       
     
     

 
 
 

 
  

  

    

 

  
 
   
   

making cages. etc
illustrations. ‘

For sale by all newsdeslers, or will oe seat 
address on receipt of prleeyloc. per copy, ' ‘
. is money or sta-as. by. .

nanny E. ,WOLFl~". Publisher.‘ Inc.

1

 
    
 
         
   

   

 

  

    