—_.~r. .

No.

5&5?

   EM

v

1129 NEW YORK, MAY 20, 1927

Price 8 Cents

«ow

\\.~\\.-.\\ - - ' .

A8

 Y E

\

SURE or Tm: V

  
   

\  1.‘. .‘ 
the savages, in spite of the loss they had sustained. rushed in and attacked the qastaw
at close quarters. Jack and Bill were obliged to use their Weapons as clubs
in a desperate effort. to hold the natives back.

ays

    

  

'\

FAME AND 1=oR'rUm2 AWEAEKLY  

Issued Week! —Subscription price, $4.00 per year Canadian, 134.53;

‘a

Foreign. $5.00. Copyright, 1927, by

Westbury ublishing Co., Inc., 140 Cedar St t, N X k, . E t ‘
Dec. 8, 1911, at the Post-Uﬂice at Nrgiv X0?-lcv, N°.r Y., under tIh:eer§((i:tacs>fsl‘l9l$£(:1?<:(l1(:§las€1¥71]Juatter
No. 1129 NEW YORK, MAY 20, 1927

Price 8 Cents.

 CAUGHT .BY CANNI/BALS

OR,“ THE TREASURE OF THE LAND OF FIRE

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

CHAPTER I.——The Six Shipwrecked Sailors

“I don’t like the looks nor the actions of those
vfellows, Bill,” said Jack «Stedfast, jerking his
A thumb over his left shoulder in the direction of

2-,<.,half a dozen cadaverous and villainous looking
_-'\"men who were talking together in whispers in the

waist of the American brig Octopus.

The speaker was a stalwart young foremast
hand, while the person he addressed was a bearded
old shellback named Bill Bowling. The two were
leaning over the starboard bulwark of the vessel
gazing out over the vast watery expanse of the
South Atlantic ‘Ocean which was rapidly grow-
ing indistinct in the dusk of the evening. The
Octopus, Jared Snow, master, was a ‘stanch,
weather-beaten craft bound from New York to
San Francisco via Cape Horn. At the present
time she was close to the Strait of Magellan, a
narrow and tortuous passage which cut off the
archipelago of Terra del Fuego (Land of Fire)
from the extreme southern point of the South
American continent. The men to whom Jack
Stedfast referred had been rescued that after-

n from a ship’s longboat. They told a har-

V owing yarn of shipwreck and privation that

seemed to be conﬁrmed‘-by their gaunt and hungry-

looking countenances and the battered condition

of the boat, and yet they were remarkably spry

for men who had passed through the fearful ex-
perience they laid claim to.

“VVhat’s worryin’ you, shipmate?” asked the
briny old salt in reply to the boy’s remark. “You
can’t expect chaps who’ve been through what they
have to look like ordinary men. As for their

, actions what fault have you to ﬁnd with ’em?”

“I can’t exactly express my sentiments in
words, Bill, but I suspect they’re not just what
they seem to be,” replied Jack in a meaning tone.

“What else can they be but six shipwrecked
sailors? That’s what they say they are, and
they look it.”

T" “I know they say so, and I’ll allow they look it,
but it seems to me they never could have gone
through what they said they have and still be
able to get around in the lively way they’re able

0.
The middle-aged sailor puffed away at his pipe
and looked thoughtful. Jack had ut thoughts in
his head that hadn’t occurred to im before. If
any one ought to know the effects produced on the
human frame by exposure and starvation in an

open boat for a lengthened period of time that
tplirson was Bill fowlinf, for he had been through
‘experience imse . What his -
panion and shipmate said set him thil,1(l)<Iix1i§. cl-Illis
thoughts ﬂew back to the time when he had been
picked up ‘at sea, the sole survivor of eight men
whom a foundering ship had compelled to trust’
themselves to the uncertain chance of a small
boat unprovided with food or water or even a.
bit of sail to supplement the two pair hf cars and
that awful experience had never been effaced Tram
his recollection. The six shipwrecked mariners
they had befriended that afternoon had told a.
similar pathetic experience, and yet none of them
had collapsed under the strain, and after stowin
a square meal under their waistbands had seeme
alm_ost chipper as young colts. Certainly it looked
‘aist2:1i'it’§’hey were blessed with most extraordinary
“I dunno but you are right, Jack,” replied the
able Seaman slowly. “That there chap who spun
311: t}l":1£§ Ecorgilfogliipper said a whole lot more’n
“I’ll bet he did. Tried to pla .-
Dathies. I don’t believe they weS1"e0Idut(:) Stililgt
boat as long as they said they were, or if they
1‘:’iVIeI:':”th9Y had a supply of food most of the
“Suppose they did draw on their imaginations
:€g,Ii1I<?,:1I1:t %i,1;’t no.riaso%1 wh}1yt\}71v_e slizould fliiold it
. a mi ou ' *
around the ocean mi sl31,ip’s %oat,]<2Ilrgen0ii});ou0:i11'1r’1t
exactly down to hard pan. They must have ﬁn-
ished UP all their grub anyway, for they didn’t
have, none left when we rescued ’em. If we
Bvifigetﬁilghted ’em they’d have been in a sight
_ “I’m not ﬁndingany fault with their story, even
if I don’t believe more than half of it. What I’m
:1t1xS)};lrC§C)"l’.1SSa<i2!§ c1t{heir actions since they came
“What's the matter with their actions?”
“Don’t you see how they stick closer than wax
always putting their heads together as if they
yiveiretconnigzing labgut lsomtethﬁing-or another they
in wan anyoyese 1;.’ '
“That ain’t nothin’, seeimothlalt t(hLey’re strangers
aboard. It’s kind of natural for them to hobnob
gialllctloey git acquainted with us,” replied the old
“That may be too but still the ’ 151;‘ .
about them that’ 1 don’t like. Thieieelixl? 

 

 ‘tives of them islands to th

.: t ey tried to eat me.”

nliead thatall isn't right, and I can’t get away
-remit," answered Jack in a clogged kind of way.
4. “When you’ve had more experience with sailors,
slripknate, you'll look at things diﬂ"er_en_tly,”_ nodded
Bi1,'kﬁocking- the ashes out of his pipe into the
‘ ‘ ' ' “This here is

3 was down in this locality before,” said Jack, after

taking a ,furtive look at the
:_sailors who were still talking in low tones
_, the mainmast.

around

“‘It’s generally ‘cold at all seasons, but the na-
north of the cape go
around 'most naked jest t e same,” said Bowl-

“iﬂow do they stand it?”

“How does anybody stand what he's used to 1",

" “As you've been around the Horn several times

‘V I suppose you've seen many of the natives."

. ‘Tve seen 9. good many of them.”
j“‘What do they look like?”
 .“They’re short, ugly and beardless, though they
have a lot of hair on their bodies of a rusty color.”
. -‘‘_I’ve heard they were not friendly to strangers;
that they practiced strange superstitious rites,
and that in many of the islands the inhabitants

were cannibals.”

"I ‘reckon you heard right. ‘I know"of a case
where a vessel was lost on one of the smaller
islands, and all hands got safe ashore. They
started to explore the place and were captured by
the .natives. Will you believe it every mother’s
son of them but one, who escaped to tell the story,
‘wzisgkilled and eaten.” .
 “C[fhat was pretty tough. Those savages were
asvbad as the old time Fiji Islanders and other
South Sea cannibals.’’
, “The inhabitants of the. big island, called King
Char1es’s South Land, are not so bad as the rest,
though I've heard they eat the old women of their
tribe when they haven’t anythin’ else to chew on.”
..“If they do‘ that I should think a stranger
,ouldn’t stand much show when they were real

, hungry. ”

“I ain’t heard that they ever ate any white men,
though that ain’t sayin’ they haven't-done, so. I
‘eckon I wouldn't trust ’em, though I’m that tough

d salty that I don’t think I'd agree with ’em if

 ._“I’m afraid you wouldn't be in any shapeto get
muglh satisfaction out of the fact,” laughed Jack.
'“ hat’s right, shipmate. When a chap’s dead
he loses all interestin this here world.”
;‘,;At that moment four bells were sounded on the
brig’s bell forward, and the members of, the crew
éonstituting the first ‘watch, from eight to mid-
night, came tumbling; on deck to relieve Jack, Bill
‘and the other two members of the second dog
watch who had gone on duty at six o’clock. The
day had been an unusually pleasant one for that
part of the world, and a good breeze had kept all
sail bellied out as stiff as drum heads.

The wind had dropped at sundown to a light

ant, but the captain expected it would freshen
up again’ before midnight. Indeed, from the pres-
ence of many clouds in the sky, which made the
" ‘_ ht somewhat dark, plenty of wind seemed. cer-
 before the morning. The four members of the

W

now off duty went below to their bunks in the

group of rescued’

forecastle to turn .in,“'for’$they would haveto
out at midnight. V V ' .

The brig‘ was a bit shorthanded, andfor ,
reason the skipper welcomed the coming of -
six shipwrecked sailors. He intended to ‘died
them among the two watches on the mo-rt
judging that a square night's rest, with’ p .
"food, would put them in shape for the work 5
lay ahead when the vessel rounded the Horn."

Although the brig’s forecastle was a"stuﬁ'y ‘
of bedroom,_ lined as it was with bunks for.,th
accommodation of a dozen ‘seamen, low ceiled and
lighted with a dull—burmng- slush lamp, still th
sailors of the Octopus never had any trouble"ifi
falling’ asleep. almost the moment their headéa
touched their pillows. . I -,

Jack Stedfast, though new to the sea, for .t
was his ﬁrst voyage, had long since got ac 
tomed to the place, and dropped off into s'lu
as readily as his more seasoned associates. ‘

The present night proved an exception to.
rule with him. ‘ y "

Instead of going asleep like the others he in
felt more wideawake in his life. He tried harp
enough to court repose, but the effort, was 3
failure. His wakefulness might have been due-
the absence (‘if the customary sounds of wind ' ‘
wave, and the lack of the rollingand heavi‘
movement of‘the brig, for the vessel rode, aloii
on almost an even keel, and as noiselessly as _
spectral craft. More likely it was the activity 4)
his brain that kept him awake. 1:

-In spite of efforts to the contrary ‘his thoug
would persist in returning to the six shipwrecked
sailors on deck, whom he regarded with. a g“
deal of suspicion, though just why he could "
satisfactorily explain even to himself. I *1

As he had told Bill Bowling, he didn’t like the ‘
looks in the first place, and he didn't fancythu’
actions either. _ «

He kept wondering what they were doing.‘

.

deck when they were at liberty to turn in belt‘) ii

for a full night's‘ rest. After having beenp
they alleged, more,than a week in an open boa
with nothing to eat but a few birds they ha
knocked down with their oars. and nothin 
drink but the rain water that fell into the boa ‘pit?
two or three occasions, and which, they said, it “
had lapped up, like animals, with their tong-ues‘,_~i
looked decidedly odd to him why they hadn’t tak
to their bunks directly after supper.

He pictured them to himself as still e'ng'ag”e
their endless conversation, which they took car
that nobody else overheard around the maiiimas
in the darkn_ess_,-and he wondered why the‘ e ‘‘
mate didn’t insist on them leaving the deck M‘?
their own good. V ‘

After a time, however‘, his thoughts tool: a‘
ferent turn, and went_back to the ‘humble,/511
he had left for the roving life of "a. co
sailor. ' .h

It wasn’t because romances of the sea, of whi
he had read a lot in the magazines, had sha

vhls present course. Indeed, he had never bee
fatuatedxwith a life on the ‘bounding wave. 

It_was simply in_ obedience to the doctor's ,’
g_estion he had shipped for a trip to San V ,
CISCO and back on the Octo us in the liope‘ths,t,
would make a new boy,o him. . I-Ijis hopesfii
already borne fruit, for he never felt,b'ette' /
looked more healthy and rugged, in his lif

 as A

CAUGHT.» BY GANN_IB_ALS= ._ ' » 3 ~

: he did now. After graduating from the village

. as_his life work, but already weakened

_._ ...m....__

‘~é' .| ~.-‘,\ 1
‘-«v-"” ‘ ~'g,. ,.....i.

1-P’

A through since leaving
.wondered how he had come through the early

high‘ school" he had taken up with civil enginegring
y a
steady,/course of study he couldn't stand the strain.

‘ His eyes went back on him and a siege of brain‘

fever followed. When he recovered the doctor
sad the best thing he could do would be to take
a" rig ocean trip, and a sailing vessel was’ about
the only thing that would ﬁll the bill.

As he‘ couldn’t afford to go as a passenger he
decided to work his way as a sailor, for he had
the nerve to attempt anything that promised to
be of physical advantage to him. ,

So he left his mother and a younger sister,
who had a small annuity to live on, in their own

little cottage in his “native village, came to New

York and shipped.

Thus we ﬁnd him aboard the brig, about half
way to ‘San’ Francisco, already in his hard life,
and*fairly well broken into the duties of his new
occupation, which he had taken to with the
cheerfulness born of necessity. As he lay in his
bunk he went over a ain all he had passed

his home, and he really

"3!0Iages of his tough experience so well for a
Ian-dsman. He was rather proud of his success,
though he had no intention of repeating the per-
formance after he got -back to New York.

Civil engineering had more charms for him,
since it promised good ﬁnancial returns, and he

considered he was cut out by taste and education '

for something far superior to the life of a sailor,
even‘ with promotion to the cabin in the perspec-
tive. "In the midst of his reﬂections his thoughts

suddenly veered around to the six rescued sailors V

again, and ﬁnding‘ that sleep appeared to be out
of the question he decided to go on deck and see
what they were doing. .

» CHAPTER II.——The Capture of the Brig.

,,The night was jet black, and there were hardly
y. sounds in the air when Jad< crawled up the

forecastle ladder in his stocking feet. Above him

‘hung thebig foresail, and above that the fore-

topsail, and still higher the foretopgallant sail
just drawing to the night breeze, but he could
only dimly make out the lower folds of the
bigger one.

Dropping softly to the deck he crawled forward
to the mainmast, with similar sails rising and lost
_in the darkness above.

He heard no softly spoken conversation here,

"nor saw the indistinct forms of the six ship-

wrecked sailors, as he half expected. He wondered
where they were. He moved over to the port side
and walked along the bulwark.

’ He heard a muffled scuffle close ahead.

Pushing on he dimly made out two men holding
a’."third one down. With an _imprecat1on one of
them rose and grabbing him by the throat.
jammed him over the bulwark. _ _

Jack struggled hard to extricate himself from
the fellow’s embrace, but the man held onto him
with a bear’s hug, and ﬁnally releasing his throat
struck him a heavy blow with his ﬁst over the
temple, stunning him. When Jack came to his
senses a few minuetes later, he found himself
gagged with a piece of oakum, and his caPt01‘

|.
x-«Z1: 1-ur--~

ﬁnishing the job of binding his armsto his sides.
Beside him was one ofthe sailors of the first
watch, now nearly expired, sim.ilar1y ﬁxed.
A moment later the rascals who had done the
trick to Jack and the other member of the crew of
the Octopus moved away softly in the darkness.

“This is the work of -a couple of those ship-_”

wrecked scoundrels,” thought Jack, as he strug-
gled in vain with his bonds. “I knew they were
up to no good. What in thunder are they up to?
Do they mean to try and capture the brig and run

away with her?” The sounds of another struggle , -

now reached his ears. It was soon over and

silence reigned again on deck-. Then Jack saw,
two phantom-like ﬁgures creep forward and= as-V

cend to the roof ‘of the forecastle.

The sound that presently ﬂoated aft on the?

night air convinced the boy that the rascals were
putting the hatch over the entrance to the ‘‘sailors'
parlor.” After hauling a coil of heavy rope over
the hatch, the men rejoined their companions in
the waist of the brig. ' \

The watch below and the one on deck had been
secured by the six shipwrecked scamps, and the
only man that remained free was the chief mate
who had gone into the cabin for some purpose.

The wheel was in possession of one of the

strangers, and he held the brig on her regular‘

course. Presently the mate reappeared on deck.
The crowd was waiting for him with belaying pins
in their hands. A blow from one of them on the
head from behind stretched him senseless on the
deck, after which he was easily secured. -

There remained now only the captain, the

second mate, the cook and the carpenter, who ‘

slept in the cabin part of the vessel. .

The leader of the rascals, after placing his men
around the door of the cabin passage, entered
the cabin and knocked on the door of the cap-
tain’s stateroom. Who’s there?” asked the skip-
per. starting up in his berth.

“Jones,” replied the man, in a gruﬂ‘ voice. “Mr.
Parks wants to see you on deck. The barometer
is fallin’ and things look dirty to the east’ard.”

“I’ll be out in a moment,” replied the captain. V

The man outside slipped back on deck. Jack had
seen the downing of the ﬁrst mate, and he knew
by the appearance of the rascals still around the
entrance to the passage that they were looking
for somebody else to come out.

Whether this person was the captain or the '

second mate he couldn't tell. He judged that both
would be enticed on deck and secured, and that
they would then ﬁnish by going to the passage
rooms of the carpenter and the cook and making
prisoners of them.

He could now see pretty well in the gloom, and
presently saw the tall form of the skipper appear

. at the door. ,
As. captain Snow stepped‘ out on deck he was

knocked down with as little ceremony as the
chief mate had been treated.
“The ruﬂians are certainly after the possession

- of the brig,” thought Jack, “and they'll get her,

in fact they have her now.” _

The leader of the rascals and two men disap-
peared into the passage. They had gone to secure
the second mate, and afterwards the carpenter
and the cook.

It ‘did not take them long to complete the job. __ l
The second mate had no suspicions of anything ’

 ong,‘ and fell alnveasy victim. Theother two
r'e'just- as easily nabbed and tied up. Bill Bow-I

Imgyand the other members of the second mate's
Vutch,”‘Jack’excepte'd, were still free of fetters,
;I’ut*.théy were conﬁned below in the forecastle,
‘ind werejust as much ‘prisoners as the rest of
jﬂie. ship's company, though they were as yet un-
aware" of the fact, or what had happened. The
‘1i'llains,;having- no further need of secrecy, moved
11"ound ‘the deck at their ease.

“Finally the leader, after conferring with the

.’lian'at the wheel came forward and ordered his
'I'or4Ipanions to gather all the prisoners together
"between the two short ladders that communicated

- 111:.

g with the forecastle deck.

-Jack was the last picked up and dumped down
nit V‘ line, all being stretched out llKe so many
 awaiting burial. The gags were taken out
115 the mouths of those who had been first made

second mate had’ been captured without the neces-

" ’ .' Left by themselves the crew gave vent to

their feelings in rather expressive’ language, all
‘ace t.Ja'ck, who knew‘ that no amount of cuss
go ~s--would alter a very bad situation, and he
‘wondered what the next move of the scoundrels
" would ‘be;

"The captain and the chief mate were.uncon-

“lcious from the blows they had received, ‘but the
a’ea‘and:mate had been captured without the neces-
 -arising for slugging him with a belay'ing-

It was now after midnight and the wind

‘game fresher from the northeast. The brig began

 5: ‘pitch-

and roll in a regular rhythmic way with

 seas. The leader of the six shipwrecked sailors
went into. the cabin, and after studying the chart
 the air of one acquainted with navigation to
gnome extent at least, mounted to the poop and al-
"ﬁred the brig’s course more to the westward, his
hhject being to fetch the entrance to Magellan’s

.:3t§;31t- . . . ,,
.» I knew those villains were up to something,
‘Said Jack, after the sailors about him had tired

If expressing their sentiments over the situation. .

.¢‘If you knew it why didn’t you report the mat-

‘her to the 'ﬁrst mate ‘or the skipper?” asked the

5 heaman on his right.

Fiitended doing,” replied Jack.

:“Oh,-I didn’t actually know what the rascals
“I was merely

«J. suspicious of their looks and the way they hung

" iigether talking

in an undertone. I told Bill

‘Bowling about it, but he didn’t think there was
puiything in it. He said the reason they kept to

‘End out afore long.”
~ « «At that juncture there was

selves was because they felt strange aboard

 craft but would soon get over that feeling
and mingle with us as if they had shipped in due
‘_.dourse.” ‘

'f‘Bill was a fool,” growled the sailor, “as he’ll

"ﬁia’forecastle hatch. One or more of the watch
5Ielow' had woke up and ﬁnding the hatch on were
making a racket to attract attention. No atten-

on was paid to the noise by the fellows now in

;ﬁarge' of the brig, though they could not help
vlearing it. The sound stopped for a while, and

_ __ then resumed in a louder way, as if two at

'1; were; thumping it. They were allowed to

vpund till they grew tired of it. There could

aux-cely. be any doubt that the three men in the

ﬁrecastle were. awake and ‘much astonished at
Hiding themselves battened in. _ ‘

.chance to free ourselves and you can

heard a pounding on‘

They resumed the pounding ya 
daylight without result. The morning. bruit
and cloudy, with thebreeze holding stiong
fair. ‘About sunrise, though that luniinary
not visible, the leader. of the rascals came-yup,»
the group of prisoners, and singling out the
pulled him away out of ear-shot of the _o
Afterholding some talk with him the -man
freed ofrhis bonds and went into the galley,
prepare breakfast for the six shipwre
SCOl1I1dI‘€lS. 
“Jim ain't got no right to go back on u
way,” grumbled a:seaman. “He oughtn’t ‘to
nothin’ for .them chaps, but stick it outwith Ru
That seemed to be the sentiment of the otfi’
sailors, and they eyed the door of the galley in
pleasant way. Each and every one would‘ ’
likedto have given the cook a piece of th‘eir‘,m
They were of the opinion that he hoped to en:
favor with their captors, and the idea ofgsiicﬁ
thing went against their grain. . '
“Maybe he only did that for a blind,” said‘.-
“A blind! ”, growled thevman on his left. ‘*
d’ye mean?” . i . .
“Now he's at liberty he may ﬁnd some._wa
releasing us, don't you see,” explained Jack.
“Maybe so, but that remains to be seen,"_rep
another sailor. , ‘ .
However, the men ceased to. regard the
with bitter feelings, thinking there mightfbe.
truth in what the younger sailor said. ~ H ’ ,
“We musti1’t expect him to rush matters,
doubtless he’ll be watched,” went on Jack.’ , .,
must have patience. When the rascals are
breakfast. he may ﬁnd the chance to cut one of
loose and leave the knife,. then if we’re»ﬁ
cautious we may all get free, in which case;

‘ought to be able to put up a good ﬁght for {thei

covery of the brig.” » 
“He don't need to leave no knife. ‘We've
got our knives handy. All we want is half
be the"
be somethin’ doin’ mighty soon,” said the sail
In the course of an hour‘ the cook had lire
fast ready, and as soon, as the fact became kn
the captors of the bri , the helmsman excep
gathered about the gal ey door to proceedt
what was handed out to them. - '

CHAPTER III.—Sent Adrift.’

_ By this time it was broad dayli ht. Afterrlgli
ing eaten all they wanted, the lea er and three
his men went on the forecastle deck armed;

belaying-pins. The prisoners easily si;
what was about to happen. The coil of rap
removed and the hatch cover lifted. The ﬁrs};
appear up the ladder was Bill Bowling-
wanted to know why in thunder he and.his1».co '
panions had been kept below after midnigli‘ ’
“Shut up!” returned the leader. _ -,
Bill looked at him in surprise, and was it
to say something that would have jarred th 
mosphere when he was unceremoniously seized .-
the collar and landed on deck, wherertwo.of' "
men proceededto bind him.in spite of his '
gles. The other two were treated in the’;
way. and the/three yanked down on .the*
deck as though they had no more feeliii
sacks of potatoes. , _ ..

 l

A ~—-.—»-—~..__.....‘.......e.__,..a..s- s_ ._...-.-........ _, g.,_,...a._ __ _ __g_ .5. _

l‘ ,
'0»:

“V

1 "Are you fellers piruts or what?" roared Bill,
in anger. ' _ _

The‘leader, with an imprecation, smashed him
in the jaw. .

’§,"“Now will you shut that trap of yours?” he
said.

’ Bill spat out a mouthful of blood and looked at
the rascal scornfully.

“You blamed coward, I’d like to have the use
of my hands jest two minutes, and I wouldnt
leave enough of you to be swept up,” he cried.

V The leader turned on his heel and walked away.

“What’s the meanin’ of this, shipmates?” Bill
asked, looking at the crew. _ _

“It ain’t hard to see, Bill,” replied a .sailor.
_“Them measly scamps we picked up out of the
sea yesterday afternoon have gone and captured
the brig.” _

Bill looked blank at this ‘piece of information,
which seemed apparent on its face. ‘He saw the
still unconscious forms of the captain and chief
ate propped up against a corner of the bulwark
d the rise of the forecastle_ and he saw every
man of the crew, excepting the cook, bound hard
‘and fast. He cursed the six rescued men, and
wanted to know what they expected to gain by
committing such a crime on the high seas. Nobody
could answer that question, unless it_ was the ras-
cals themselves and they were not giving out any
information on the subject. At that moment they
were gathered in a group, consulting together.
The result of their conference was that the brig’s
long boat was prepared fonlowering. A butt of
fresh water and some provisions were placed in
her. Then the rascals proceeded to dump the
captain, the two mates and the sailors_one by one
into her. When all but Jack and Bill Bowling

~ had been put in, the leader decided that she

 _.’53,atu1s and cast loose the stern tackle. _
. ‘ward he unshipped the other one, and holding on

. of the rascals, approaching Bill.
_ walk into that boat.”

V boosted into her;
.- . - -ii

 

Torders, so he

wouldn’t hold any more with safety. He then
"gave orders to lower away. As soon as the boat
touched water, one of the rascals slipped down the
Going for-

he cut one of the sailors loose, shoved the boat off
with his foot, and climbing up the falls regained
the deck. After watching the longboat with its
living freight drift astern, the ringleader of the

enterprise turned his attention to Jack and Bill.

' “Get out that small boat from the top of the
galley,” hesaid. V -
’ His companions proceeded to obey orders. It
was the smallest boat on the brig: and W35 59'
cured bottom upward on the roof of the cook-
house. Being fairly light it was easily handled.
Inside of a quarter of an hour it was attached to
the falls used to lower the longboat. A breaker
of water and some provisions were thrown into
_1t, and all was ready.

“"’"“Now, you son of a sea cook,” said the leader
“Get up and

“So you’re going to turn me adrift, are you?”
replied the sailor. “I dare you to cut me loose on
deck here, and let me have a crack at you.”

“Stow your jaw and do as I told YOU, 01‘ 1'11
break your head with a belayin’ pin,” scowled the

. ringleader.

Bill saw there was no help for it but to obey
walked over to the boat and was

 

CAUGHT BY CANNIBALS

“Now, young fellow, get a move on you an!
follow,” said the rascal, addressin Jack.

The young sailor made no reply ut obeyed. ll:
would have been useless for him to resist in fat:
of the ﬁve villians. So he got into the boat. II:
was immediately lowered to the surface of tlcxs
sea. One of the men slid down as before, cit
Jack loose and told him to unship the forwari
tackle. He unliooked the stern one and clamberel
up after shoving the boat off. The brig, which
had been hove to for the time being, was put on
her course once more, leaving all the brig’s right-

ful company, except the cook, aﬂoat on the bound—- ~

less South Atlantic. As the Octopus sailed aaway
Jack freed Bill. The old sailor shook his ﬁ&
after the retreating vessel, and said things thi
would not look well in print.

“Every mother’s son of ’em will regret this,” ht
‘said. “They can't go into no port with that cr-afb
without explainin’ how they come to be aﬂoat;
without cap’n nor mates. If they mean to turn
pirut.they’ll be captured and hung. Here’s hopiif
they’ll all go to perdition as fast as a fair breeze

, can carry them,” '

Bill pulled his pipe out of his pocket, chargel
and lit it, and then looked at Jack, in a reflective

way.

“Well, shipmate,” he said, “We’re up ag’in it,
you and me, and the good Lord only knows how
we’ll come out. We’re aﬂoat in a few planks,
without chart or compass, on the broad ocean an!
in a partickerly bad part of it. We’re somewhere
off the southeast coast of Patygonia, but jest how‘
far off I dunno. The best thing we can do is tn:
try and jine the other boat.”

“Where is the other boat?” asked Jack, looking
around the horizon.

There was nothing in sight but the
brig, half a mile or more distant. _

“Why, she ought to be somewhere around clos
by,” replied the shellback. -

“I don’t see anything of her,” answered Jack.

Bill took a look and then uttered an imprecation.

' “There’s a mist comin’ up and she's hid behinl.
it,” he said. “As we don’t know the exact poirt
where she is we can’t do nothin’ but take to the
oars to keep warm and steer for Patygonia,

receding

which must be somewhere yonder,” and the sailor .

waved his arm in the direction of the brig.

“It will take us a long time to row there, i’
guess,” said Jack.

“I reckon it will if we can do it, which I doubt.
Our only chance is being picked up by some craft.
If nothin’ heaves in sight afore long we can con-
sider ourselves ticketed for Davy Jones’ locker."

He said nothing more for some minutes, but gtt
out a pair of oars and began to take lon , slow
strokes. Jack followed his example, and t e lon:
boat glided over the heaving sea, a mere speck on
that broad expanse. The boy, now thrown back
on his thoughts, began to realize the desperain
situation he and his companion were in. It began
to look as if his short seafaring experience was
fated to end in a tragic manner.
Bill were headed for the port of missing men. Ha
thought of his mother and sister in their little cd-i
tage in his native village dreaming about him a
sailing the wide, wide sea in a stout vessel that
would in a couple of months be reported am
the marine arrivals at San Francisco. They $
subscribed for a certain New York newspapq

That he antll ‘

 

 ' headin’ right for us.

.6 “CAUGHT ml 'cANiiiii3ALs

‘ which made a specialtyof maritime intelligence,

in order to note when the -Octopus reached her

.far Western destination. .Under present circum-
stances the Octopus would never arrive there.

Just what would happen to her under the charge
of the six shipwrecked rascals was a diﬂicult ques-
tion to ﬁgure on, and he didn’t try to. If she was
ever reported it would not be from San Francisco,
but under circumstances that would cause. his
mother and sister the gravest alarm. And so
while -he thought bitter «thoughts, and rowed in

unison with his companion, the sea mist closed in

around them and shut out the broad ocean and
the clouds above from their sight.

1

CHAPTER IV.—The Derelict.

They kept up a steady pull to keep their blood
in circulation, and when either grew tired he
rested on his oars for awhile. They did not row
like people who expected toreach the shore after
a time, for they had no such hope. Their distance
from the coast, the drift of the ‘tide, and many
other things conspired against such a desirable
conclusion to their involuntary cruise. As Bill
said, their sole chance of salvation lay in being

itked up by some craft making for the Strait or

a e Horn. Several hours assed and Jack and
Bid rowed almost steadily, with a mechanical
stroke, to keep way the clammy chill that was in
the misty air. They conversed little, for both
were downhearted over the fate that seemed be-
fore them. At length the mist passed away to the
westward, which was the direction they were head-
ing, and a gleam of sunshine shone through a
break in the clouds. Jack seemed to regard it as
9. favorable omen and his courage rose. ‘As he
cast his eyes around upon the vast expanse of
ocean he suddenly paused in his rowing and gazed
long and earnestly at something in the distance.
It looked like a small vessel coming directly to-

ward them astern.

“Look! Look! Bill! Yonder is a vessel, or
my eyes deceive me. She’s coming straight for
us. We shall be saved after all,” he cried exult-
antly.

Jack’s words galvanized the old shellback into

ew life." He woke up'from theubrown study in
which hehad lost himself for the ast hour and
looked toward the spot indicated y the young
sailor’s outstretched arm.

“Ay, ay, shipmate, it’s a sail all right, and
They can’t miss us, for
they’re bound to pass within a pistol shot. We’re
in great luck-—one chance in a million. Well, I
alvslrlays said it was better to be born lucky than
no .’ .

They lay on their oars and eagerly watched the
approaching vessel which seemed to be schooner-
rigged. She was coming on fairly fast, but oc-
casionally she yawed in a strange manner that
seemed unaccountable to Bill.

“What the deuce is the matter with her?” he
said. “There must be a lubber at the helm. Never
seen such steerin’ in my life before.” As the craft

«got closer they made out that only a part of her

sail spread to the wind—a jib and the canvas at-
tached to the booms of the foremast.

2 An inverted British ensign was ﬂying from th
after spanker—a signal of distress. _

\

't‘'I‘'hei-e appears to be somethin’ the  

yonder,‘ craft," said Bill. “Slie’s- lookin’ foryhelp. 
H0WeV€1;, W_e cant be no wuss off ‘aboard 0f...her . .
than we re H1-this here boats The coast ain’t so --

far off but we can reach it in‘ her, while it would
be a hopeless job to .expect to fetch it in this
boat.» > I  V ._ .
“I hope she isn’t sinking,” said J ack. “She Lies
Prgtfy close to the water.” ’ . ' . —' ~
Sinkin, I reckon not. Leastaway I hope not,
I can see now that her wheel 1S lashed to keep her
before. the wind. That’s a bad sign. Looks as if
she might be deserted. At any rate-I don~’t seea
soul on her deck.” . ' . -

“I’m willing to take chances aboard of herfun- ,

less she’s actually in a, sinking condition whether
she’s deserted or not,” said Jack. “She seems‘ to
have been swept by heavy seas for her bulwarks
are smashed in many places, and I don’t see
sign of a boat anywhere.” ‘
“There’s a piece of canvas like a tent at the

foremast which I don’t see no reason to be there,”
‘said Bill after another long look. “She’s a queer’:

sort of hooker to my eye, and I’ll bet what's
comini to me from the Octopus that she’s a der-
elict, deserted by all hands.” - _ "
“Then we may expect _to ﬁnd her in a sinking
condiition, ’ replied J ack, in a tone of disappoint-
men . _
d “Ma31:beﬂi11ot. ‘Lots of vyelssills have been aban-
oned Y eir company t in ‘n’ the ‘ ’
to tlile b<;ttto’m, and they’ve ﬂoated loilgvgibeuggli)
reac po . '

“If there's any one aboard of her there’«i's‘ ‘no .

indication of the fact. We’ll have to pull a bit to

the starboard to head her yoffffor she’s falling on '

in that direction‘. Here’s the sun again I’m thank-

ful to see it, for it kind of puts heart into one,” 2*

said ' J ack.

They pulled diagonally toward the schooner,
now ‘close at hand. n

In a few minutes they were close’ eno_ugh';‘tb’ , _

have tossed a biscuit aboard of her.

“Let's hail her and see what happens,” ‘said the . T

young sailor. A _
._ “You’ve got a good pair of lungs, shipmat'e,‘try
it yourself.”

Jack made a funnel of his hands and shouted:
“Schooner aho-o-oy!”

 repeated the hail several times, butwithout
resu t. ’ .

“There ain't no one aboard of her.” said Bill.
“We’11 pull alongside and board. Then maybe
we’ll be able to see what’s the matter with her.”

They applied themselves to a ﬁnal effort with
the oars, and Bill skillfully laid the boat along-
side of the apparently deserted craft.

Making the painter fast to axsplintered section S

of her bulwark they leaped on board.
Then a surprising thing happened.

The ﬂap of the bunch of canvas at the foremast, l

which Bill had likened to a tent, was raised, and
a bundle of_ rags rolled from under the coverﬁig
across the deck till it fetched up against the lee
bulwark, where it remained quite motionless.
“What in thunder is that?” ejaculated Bill,_-1-'e-
garding the bundle in great astonishment.
“It seems to be alive, whatever it is,” replied

.J ck. - , ~
aBil1 approached the animated bundle of rat!

' 3
ﬁg.
V.

‘« .51

  

   
   
  
  
  
 

 A, air of particularly bright eyes looked at him,

. ‘ ollowed every motion he made.

“Well, you hop—o’-my-thumb, what are you
yin’ there for? Can’t you get up?” said ‘the

' = “years of a e,. though at a short distance his face‘

might easi y have been taken for an old man's.
made an effort to rise but it was a failure.

ndle of feathers, propped him against the bul-
wark. The boy gasped,‘ro11ed his eyes, and looked
e_ picture of exhaustion. Jack now came up and

gazed at the curious looking species of humanity.-

’ f‘Water!” gurgled the boy. . .
““Why, he’s famished for drink and food,” said
tick. “I’ll get our breaker aboard and give him
diiiik. The poor lad appears nearly at his last
8351’-
- Jack hastened to the boat and pulled the small
A g of fresh water onto the schooner’s deck. H_e
so took a handful of crackers out of the provi-
n bag. Filling a tin cup with water he brought

K it t to the boy, and kneeling beside him put the
, * eju to his parched and cracked lips.

e youth grabbed his hand convulsively and

drank long and eagerly till he drained every drop.
’ t seemed to revive him greatly. ’

‘Strike me cold, but that tasted good," he said,

_ a kind of chipper way, while a--feeble grin
‘stole over his hard looking features._

"‘Are you the~_only one aboard tlus craft, my

id?” inquired Bill.
‘“I vish I vos,” returned the youth, in a dialect
‘the lowest grade of London life. “The cabin is
full of ’em. Oh, crickey, vot a sight they must be
this time vith the vorms crawing all over them.
' eme blind! I couldn't look at ’em again, no
'1; if yer vos to ﬁll my pockets with s(_>v’rin’s.” _
‘What do you mean, sonny? What is the cabin
lof?” asked Bill, as'Jack handed the youth
veral crackers.

’ He pounced on the food, like a hawk on a
thicken, and beganeating ravenously, coughing
 choking over his eﬁorts.

‘Jack ran and got him some more water.

_ ‘Here, dip the crackers in this and don’t eat so

st,” said the‘ young sailor.

‘The strange youth_ grabbed the tin cup, took a

rink. and then continued munching the crackers

fast as he could.‘ Bill _saw it was useless to
ss him with questions till he had in a measure
isﬁed his hunger.‘
‘You stay with him Jack, and I’ll take a peep
to the cabin and see what’s there,” he remarked.
Vot a nerve you’ve_ got!” spoke the boy. “Vot
uldn’t I give to be like you. It's the coves vot
bold as brass vot gets along in this vorld.”
ll grinnedat the boy’s‘remarks. -
-e’s a Britisher, sure enough. I’ve seen chaps
him’ along the London docks and under the
hes of the Thames,” he said. - _ _
’Ave yer?” said the boy, cocking his head
cily. “Hany vun can tell vot you is——-a bloomin’
ee. I ’opes yet come to take me orf this
zin’.‘vessel. Vun day more _it _vould ’ave been
~@up.vi'th me, dash my vig it it vouldn’t." ‘

‘ them dead men?” asked Bill.

Bill was about to say something, but  T" "

his mind and walked off toward the cabin to. 1_l:l'-". ,

vestigate conditions there. _ , . * ,
“V01: a chap ’e is!” said the boy, following Bill’
with his eyes. “Vait till ’e sees vot’s in the cabin
and if it don't give ’im a turn may I neveryaea,
Radcliff ’ighWay ag’in.” ' '

“What's in the cabin?” asked Jack curiously.

“Vot’s in there? Oh, crickey! Vy, ’arf a dozen 

dead uns."
“Who are the—the cap’n and part of the crew ‘P’
“Vell, the capt’in is von, and the mate vos‘

another, and the cookie too, that's three. -Th

others is passengers. I vos a passenger, too,:‘b_y
vay _of the ’old. And didn't I catch it ’ot vhen they
diskivered me under ’atches? Oh, no, of course

not,” and. the speaker grinned like a ,famished~ «

hyena. At that moment Bill came out 5of the
cabin much quicker, than he went in. ‘

“Holy Moses!" he cried. “There's six corpses  ,

there, and they’re a sight.” V

“Vot did I tell ye?” chuckled the British yoiith.-.
“’Ow would yer like to be a veek aboard this
’ooker, vith sich company as that? There's food
and vater plenty in the pantry, but I vouldr'i’t go
near it, no, not to save my life.” . 

“Do you mean to say that there's 1ots:to eat-
aboard and you wouldn’t touch it on account 01

“Strike me blind if I vould. I vouldn’t go ne
that ‘cabin, not if I know’d I’d be made. Lord
Mayor of Lunnon,” replied the youth, within.
positive shake of the head.  ._

“How camethose six people to die, all at: once
.iIt v1v(ould seem, and where is the crew?” asked‘

ac . _ . ‘

“The cabin is in a terrible state,” put in Bill;
“Looks to me as if there had been a wholesale
ﬁght there, and murder into the bargain.” f

, “And a precious bloomin’ ﬁght it vos, blow me‘
tight if it vasn’t,” said the London boy. “ . ‘
crew got their monkey up over a jawin’ ‘the?
capt’in gave ’em, and swore they'd ’ave ’is life.
The mate, and the cookie, and the passengers’.
stuck by ’im, and then they ’ad it ’ot and ’eavy ‘
The capt’in got ’is pistol hout and shot one
’em deader than a door nail. That made the crew
‘otter than blazes. They drove the capt'in and "in
backers into the cabin with their knives. ,I,vos
the honly vun, left on deck, and, crickey! vasnit‘
I skeered vhen I ’eard the row again’ on, and‘
the yells and cries as the crew soaked‘it to ’em.,
I got sich a funk on that I hid avay under a bunk,
in the ’old forward. Strike me if I didn't tliiiiltf
it vouldvbe my turn next, but it vasn’t. .In air
hour or two the rumpus stopped and I didn't ’ear:
another sound.- When I ventured hout, caution
like, as I used to do in the ’Ighvay vhen the bob»
bies vos a-lookin’ for me, the deck vos clear like‘
it is now, and there vasn’t never a sign of th
crew. c When I inwestigated I seen they’d taken-
to the longboat and cut their luckies.’ r

“What did you do then?” asked Jack. .
, “Noth‘iin’tfor avlhgle, ttlilellll I venthinto the cool;
.ouse an a e vo oun t ere vic vasnt muc‘ A
considerin’ I ’ad a ’ea1thy appetite. ’“
I went into the ’old ag’in and vent to sleep.. 
the mornin’ I wentured into the cabin, and ’sucl1
a sight!’ There vos the ca t’in, and the restro
’em -lyin stark and stiff. guy a yell andrgn

hout. I stayed all that dayforward, gettin

After the "'

 uiile to set us adrift.

’ ’CAUGH'I‘7 Br,

 ti}i11.in1:xte,}¥>u1-,tIdwouldmtsgo nearkthﬁ
on n ' or‘ no in . ex ay vo so pec is
that I got desprit like and I tried to get into the
"pantry vich is near the cabin door. I vos ‘jest
again’ in vhen, vill yer believe it, von of them
-corpses tried to git hup. I give hout a yellvand
H n ag’in. I vouldn’t try it hon any more and
%I would ’ave st'irr,ved if yer ’adn’t come aboard.
'2 ' ere’s yer vesse . _
The speaker pulled himself to his feet and
 out over the ocean, but of course saw no
vesse . . ,
< '“,I’m sorry to say that we have no vessel,” re-
a:h{ere did yer‘ come from then"” asked the
youn ’Britisher, with a look of astonishment.
“, e wereset adrift from our brig‘ in that
n.31:1sV\'7e1‘%;l. £Ia£ck.W
' ric ey. 0 or. —
Jack told him their story as brieﬂy as possible.
_"‘Vhy, if them chaps vot yer rescued vasn’t the
lame uns vot belonged to this ’ere ’ooker, and
‘killed the capt’in and the rest,” cried the London

lad-

'.“Great Scott!" exclaimed Jack, looking at Bill,
. while the old shellback returned the look with in-
terest. .

CHAPTER V.—A Floating Morgue.

'.‘I dunno that I'm surprised to learn the kind of
 drels they are,” said Bill. “It ain’t more’n
you’ expect from chaps actin’ they way they did

, _

th us.

,“»That’s right/“nodded Jack. “It’s a wonder
they didn’t murder us, instead of taking the trou-
Look here, youngster, how

' any days is it since the crew of this schooner
‘killed the captain, mate and passengers and
ki _ped out?”

., yoiith. i _ "
i ‘That shows they were aﬂoat about six days,

said Jack, turning to his companion. .

. ' “What’s your name?” asked Jack, turning to
the boy ‘again. _ ‘ _

’ “Vhy, afore I got into trouble last vinter I
‘used to cut a shine vith any Vest End swell, and

I"vos everyvhere known as ‘Flash Barney’ and

‘the Plummy Un.”’ _
 ,“Do\you mean to say that you're a young
crook?” asked Jack, with a look of disgust. _
“‘Is that vot yer call the knowin’ uns in yer
loomin’ country?” asked Barney.
, x“Kno§W-ing ones! ‘A crook is a criminal. Are
you one?” _
-Master Barney cocked his eye at Jack and

grinne .

“If yer mean "ave I been in the work’us I’ll say
~ “ave,” he replied. _ I;
‘‘Is that a house of correction?”
A “It’s a ’ouse vot yer can’t git hout off till yer
time is hup.”
“I ‘see. What were you sent therefor?”
“For playinkthe cat’s meat_ dodge too often,”
'nned Barney. ( «
‘What do you mean by the cat’s meat dodge?”
Vat, bless yer refreshin’ innercence, and, this
s's’posed tobe the hage of edicationl”_ re-I
.theil)ey.scornful1y. “The cat’s meat dodge

A veek,” »replied the British‘

CANNIBALS

is a prime lay. Jest yer listen to me. ‘'1 yo

this Vayi I 3,088 up toa vomairvot sells cat’s._
and buys ha porth vorth. I vaits till a crow
around me and then I begins a-heatin’ it re.
ous like, Jest as 1f_ I was starvin’ for summat.
put in my stuiiimick. When the people axes
vot I vos a-doln I 111111 and tells ’em I vos starviai
mad. They takes the stuif avay from me’ V
gives money_ to ’buy_vot they calls wholesome 
tles. Vun time a silly old bloke gave me a 
and I got twelve‘ shillin’s altogether,_so I had
fust-rate supper, a blow—hout of tripe and; _l
yuns and beer, and I_ spent the eyenin’ at a penny
8811? V01: do y_er think of thatif and_ the boy .
ga‘1‘~ded ._Iack with a leer of satisfaction.
I_ think you’1;e a hard case,” replied J‘ _
Eurnxrég .aw_ay. Say, Bill, what are we goi
0 do; This scooner seems to be charnel-li
but it s better to stay aboard of her than to ta
to the boat again. If we did that we’d hay,
Eaéllse 1trlll;ity0s11,I,lg Londoner along which iwoul
p er . .

‘‘We’ll_ stay, shipmate, for the hooker seem ~
be .all_right, except for the stateiof the,9ab i
which is worse than a morgue. The first thing‘
order will be to toss them corpses overboard

, which ain’t a nice job, seein’ the state they’re i

replied the sailor. — .

“I suppose we’ll have to tackle it,” replied Ja
not relishing the prospect. “I’ll go in and
a look at them to try and nerve myself "for I
business.” .

Jack, who had as much nerve as any one, ‘s
ed aft and disappeared into the cabin. It wa
terrible sight that met his view, but as he '
looking for it he was not surprised at the ,
of death and confusion in the place. It f
sickened him, and he was forced to beat 3. sp p
retreat. ’

, ‘‘I’ll tell you how»we’1l get rid of them, Bil
he said, on rejoining. his companion. €‘~The less.
handle them the better. We’ll tie a length“’bf I‘
to their legs, drag them out through the pas
on‘ deck, and then launch them overboard thro
that break in the bulwark.”

_ “That’s a good plan, matey. I _didn’t fancy
idea of pickin’ ’em up and carryin’ ’em outas
supposed we’d have to do,” re plied Bill. -"‘

“Well take the bag of provisions out of the "I;
first, and haul her around aft,” said Jack. a i

This they proceeded to do, and then cutting,‘
a long piece of thin line they entered_the ca
and began their repulsive J01? Of 8’etl31n’g'r,
the dead men. After the ﬁrst corpse was lau ’
ed into the sea they took a short rest, -and ' .
did the same after dragging out each of the 0
At length the last body was disposed of and,’
uttered a sigh of relief. _B_arney watched 1;
from the forecastle deck, which was as‘ far w
as he could et without crawling out on the s

bowsprit, a eat he didn’t care to attempt? Wh

Jack and Bill ﬁnished theirugrewsome work tli
washed up in -a bucket of sea water which the
drew aboard for the purpose. Then they.

up to the fact that they were hungry. Instead
tackling the provision bag, which contained;

a s‘mal1‘ hunk of salt horse, as it is called,
several pounds of crackers, they started to exp 3
the pantry. Here to their satisfaction they‘

a plentiful supply of good provisions inte

the use of the captain,‘ mate 

..o . 4, ,,.

  

I
 There was a case, already opened, of cognac, and
L i two full cases of French wine, which, strange to
" ‘say, the murderous crew‘ had overlooked. There
5 were cases of canned goods,’ and various delicacies
‘ that looked mighty good to the hungry Americans.
There was a case of bottled water, one of which
. V lféd been tapped. Jack and Bill carried a supply
1, of eatables forward to the galley where they met
g Barney.
!

“According to your statement you were a stow-
away, weren’t you?” said Jack.

Barney admitted the fact.

“How came you to run away to sea?”

“Meuun avay to sea!” replied Barney.
much.”

f “Not
The boy said the bobbies had chased him down
to the docks and he had gone aboard the schooner
to hide away from them. While he was there
he had fallen asleep. When he woke up the hatch
was on and he couldn’t get out. He soon realized
that the vessel was under way. He made a racket
to attract attention, but there was such a noise

’ and apparent confusion on deck as the vessel slip-
P. ed down the river that no one heard him. In
"g-ying to ﬁnd some way of getting out of the hold

K ‘he got caught in the cargo, and the schooner was
-I

 

in the channel before he got free, twenty—four
‘hours later. Then a gale was running and he
was knocked about for many hours. In fact he
was nearly dead when he was discovered late on
the second day. It was then too late for the cap-
tain to plflt iiim aihoreaso h; was prtessedﬂiqntg igie
serviceo t ecoo an ma e owai on e a e
and clean up. That was the story he told at the
door of the galley while Jack was making a pot
of coffee and Bill was opening thegcanned goods
and getting things ready for_ supper._ Bill gave
Barney abglasshof cognac ddiluted Erithtlal. 1113131:
water to race im up an soon a er ey sa
down to supper. The British boy declared that
it was a bang-up meal, and he looked a hundred
j per cent better after he had eaten his share. Jack
and Bill iéext 1(:iurrtiled théir adttgntion to tllie yessel,
ﬁvhich ha evi en y su ere rom a spe 0 very
.1-ought Weaihei}: }lnc}l1eeii1, gt wasdthehthlree datyls’
gale throug w ic s e a passe w ic was e
cause of the outbreak on the part of the crew.
- Barney said all hands had been worn out by the
strain, and the chap they looked up to as their
leader went to the captain and asked for an extra
, supply of rum, claiming that they needed it after
what they had been through. The skipper had
already served out to them what he considered
enough and refused to give them any more. This
started the troiﬁblftﬁhat fnded idn w{h€Il1esal% mur-
der. Bill unlas e ew ee an pu e sc ooner
on a course that he judged would rbring'her to_ a
port on the southeast cost of Patagonia, wh_ile
' {lack trirgiomed Ithed folfwaﬁd sails a bit, and tlélleﬁ
' ut t ec . was now growing ar
,,‘,!>1’ll(Ilgi‘i2§l(-‘ft weathe: looked squally to the eastward.
’ “We’d better get the boat aboard, don’t you
tkhinlii Bilil?” €1111g‘g‘e§te(,lt Jack. b“Itdw,ouldn’t to do
se er or ere isn any a oar .
hrhf séiiﬂr agrﬁsd witth the idieail HE 11asi:ieeiT thﬁ
w ee in e rig posi ion an en epe ac
tﬁi“ ti?’ lit}? i’.°“ii ii'1°”" t”"‘;‘t‘Eht “Sf ‘-’€°i§%’é
war . oo 8 eir s ren _0 Q 1
they accomplished it at_last, and turning’ the
boat upside down, lashed it as well as they could
to the side of the galley.

/

“You’d better turn in now, Jack,” said Bil
“I’ll stand the first watch till midnight, then I'll-
call you to take your turn till daylight. It may
be I’ll have to turn you out sooner, as it looks
dirty to the east’ard. If it doesn't blow too hard
I won’t disturb you till my spell is up as near as
I-can calculate.”

Jack was glad to go below for a few hours’ rest,
as he hadn’t slept at all the night before, so he
made no objection to the program outlined by the
sailor. Barney followed him down into the fore-

 ’ _, CAUGHT BY CANNIBALS A ~ A 9 I

castle, and a quarter of an hour later both of

them were sound asleep.

CHAPTER VI.——-Ashore on the Rocks,

After Jack and Barney went into the forecastle
Bill Bowling, with his pipe between his lips, steer-
ed the schooner through the thick darkness of the
overcast night. The last thing Jack had done be-
fore turning in was to lash a li hted lantern to
the standing rigging forward, an this swung like
a glow-worm before the old sailor’s eyes, and kind
of kept him company. Although Bill had all the
superstitions of a sailor, he was not much dis-
turbed -by the knowledge that six people had lost
their lives in a tragic manner in the little cabin of
the schooner. But though he was entirely alone
aft he did not people the air about him with the
ghosts of the six dead men whose bodies ﬂoated
about miles astern on the surface of the heaving
ocean. The fact of the matter was he was too
anxious about the safety of the craft to think of
anything else, for his experienced eye had told
him, as darkness closed in, that a heavy gale was
coming on, and with only himself and Jack to
handle the schooner he could not conjecture how
they would come out of it. As time passed the
wind grew heavier and the seas rose about the
vessel. The night grew blacker if anything. The
only thing that Bill could make out at all was the
twinkling of the lantern ahead, and the gleam of
the light in the binnacle under his eye. Had a
landsman been in his position he would have been
terriﬁed at the utter loneliness and weirdness of
his position, not speaking at all of its dangers;

’ but Bill had been through the same mill too often

to be at all disturbed by his peculiar surroundings.
When his pipe went out he put it in his pocket,
took a hitch in his trowsers and a fresh grasp
on the spokes of the wheel. As soon as hejudged
from his rough calculation of time that it was
about midnight he lashed the wheel and went
forwardrand called Jack. ~ The young sailor re-
sponded at once, for he had enjoyed six full hours
of sleep.

“It’s blowing hard,” he remarked, as he stuck
his head out of the forecastle- hatch, “and it’s as
dark as a blacking bottle.”

“It’ll blow harder before mornin’, so I don’t
mean to turn in but keep you company aft,”.re--
plied the sailor.

Jack, though a nervy lad, was not sorry to have.
Bill near him. There was no telling what might
happen before daylight as things stood aboard
the already damaged schooner. Bill squatted down
near the companion-way with his broad back
against the rise of the cabin and ﬁlled and lighted,
his pipe. He smoked while Jack_ steered, but
neither said a word. The roar of the wind and.
dash of the sea prevented conversation. So the

/

,,

 mwjas a mighty uncomfortable one.

 Uhim courage to face the perils of the night.
, had fallen into a doze, with his body leaning over

l stopped and heeled over.
. down into the cabin already ﬂooded with water,

passed and the weather grew worse and

. »'1_‘_he schooner, even under short sail, ﬂew

 hefoi'e_.the storm like a frightened bird. They

supposed they were heading for the coast of Pat-

, agnoia. Instead of which they were running for

esoutheastern coast of Terra del Fuego, with
many outcropping islandsuof which the south-
;ernmost one represented Cape!Horn. They were

= nearer land than they had any idea of. _One of-
the islands of the archipelago was looming, up»
‘ ahead of them in the blackness of the night, aid

their course would carry them straight upon it.

-{Flagged by the cold wind and the spray that

V came over the taffrail behind him,’ J ack’s position
His ﬁngers
were becoming numb as they grasped the spokes,
and -hehad all he could do to hold the schooner

' on her course.

» “Will daylight never come?" he gritted through

‘ his set lips.

“And yet had as his situation was how would he
and his companion have fared had they faced

-“that gale in their cockleshell _of a boat in which
' they had been sent adrift? Long since they would

',have gone to the bottom, and at that moment the

Qsurges would have been singing a requiem over

-their corpses. Jack realized that fact and it ggvﬁ
1

toward the companidn-way, when suddenly and
'-without warning the schooner struck on the rocks
 a fearfiil crash. A heavy sea lifted and
—oa'.rried her forward many yards and then she
The shock threw Bill

’‘and tossed Jack completely over the wheel and

~ ii down the stairs after him. The boy would prob-
: ably have broken his neck but for the fact that a
5 huge wave followed him and broke his fall. As it

;Was he was dashed with some violence against

T‘ the port side of the vessel which occupied the

position that the ﬂoor should have, for the
schooner now, lay on her side. With the cabin

‘ﬁlling with water, Jack and Bill had to battle for‘
._ their lives like _a pair of rats in a trap that was

being immersed. They were unaware that both
‘were in the same predicament, and they swam
‘around their narrow conﬁnes in a desperate effort
_to ﬁnd lodgment somewhere. Their impression
was that the schooner was going slowly to the
bottom of the sea, but that idea didn’t prevent

 them’ struggling for the last few moments of ex-

lstegice they imagined left to them. Such was
their awful predicament when another heavy sea
-‘aswept down.into the cabin with resistless force.
‘It caught the two luckless swimmers and carried

themthrough the short passage out onto the ‘

:rocks in the midst of which the craft was jammed
with her bows high in the air. They fetched up
n the wreckage of the foremast which, like the
aftermast, had snapped close off to the deck, and
with the frenzy of drowning persons grasped the
ropes and hung on for dear life. , Still neither was
’ aware of the close proximity of the other, and it
is doubtful if either thought of his companion at
that time, for their attention was wholly absorbed
in‘ the effort to maintain their hold if they could.
The roar of the wind and sea was in their ears,

nd death by drowning before their mental vision.

T'1’hi's was their position when day slowly broke and
discovered them to each other.

_“._Tack, is that really you?” a.sl_<e.dvt
wiping the spray from his eyes with the 
one of his hands.
“Bill, you here! Lord, how glad I ‘am to
you!” responded the boy. ‘ "
’ They spent _several moments congratulati
each other on his escape from a watery grave. "rs
“Where do you suppose we are, Bill? ‘see
rocks all around us.” ‘

“Blamed if I know, matey,” replied the_slrreIl§6;-, ‘

back. “We’re ashore somewhere, maybeon
coast of Patygonia.” . . ’
_ “We've had a mighty narrow escape fo
lives,” said Jack. .- 
“You can take your davy on that,” was
answer. . .. "
“But we're not out of the woods yet.”
“Not by a long chalk.”
“I’m afraid Barney is lost.
sign of him anywhere.” .
“Likely as not he is, though the .for’ard par
the hooker is _hai_igin’ clear of‘ the sea.” ‘ '
_ “He’d be clinging up there somewhere if_ he

I» don't see “ l

’ alive."

“_I reckon he would. London’ll never see
“Poor little fellow, he was a tough nutﬁbut
all that I feel sorry for him.” "
_“Maybe he's better off. Them kind of ’ cha
ain't much good. He was a crook by natur‘_e.“a,'
habits. If he hadn’t been fetched to sea _ ,
probably be in jail by this time. _I know? h
them chaps are. They're the scum of London,
give the bobbies over there no end of trouble
“I think the gale is breaking, Bill.” ‘ .
“Dunno but it is. I hope so at any rate.
can’t hold on -here many hours.” .
“I wonder where the cap’n, mates, and the’
of thecrew of the Octopus are?” ‘ , V
“The Lord only knows. At the bottom of

,Atlantic, I s’pose.” _,

“Tllien ﬁhellt‘; ldeﬁtlhsbrestn on the heads. 0 _
rascasw osoe e rig. , _
“‘That v}V1V0I}’t worry them none, with six (it Q
. n ' '-
°°’5«‘l?v‘i.‘°‘o‘1.-‘i.‘i.l5.‘*..”§§?“i‘i§‘§i§.f‘iZ;c too mu‘.
. I )
:::;%fy .$2:..%:‘:.*;?.%bee" a We  an-
“I reckon that it did. Hei'e’s hopin’ tha
hull of ’em is shakin’ hands with Old Nick at 
m(?‘I{lteIll2, and prepﬁrin’ flor adgood roalst.” V
isn more t an t ey eserve t e villa
WH%a%’ Jafk,hl_et}’ls try ’and: crawl out’ of. 1;};

e e sa er ig er up. . »
It was fairly light by this time, and they
see all about them with ease. The schooner,

under them on her side, almost_ wholly out
water except for the rush of the incoming wag
that ran halfway up her hull, but which

_ subside when the gale blew itself out and th

grew less violent. Jack welcomed any change t
would improve their situation. - ’

“All right. I’m with you,” he said.  ,.

‘‘We’11 make for the fok’s’l deck and see if
can find any sign of Barney. It, looks to me
the hatch was closed. If it is he must be ' ~ '
Maybe we'll ﬁnd him alive and kickin’.
London street gamins are ‘hard to do up.’

“I shall be glad to know that he isn
spite of his bad record,” replied Jack, follo
Bill’s lead as the old shellbacki proceedeclto

 . e ’hi‘s"way, town
deélfschooner.’ ~ _  ,
xincomin‘g' waves helped them forward, but
had to look out that when the water receded
n’,t pull them back. Thus‘ by degrees they
their way up_the rocks until they got be-

lffroxn the n'§1ed;mass-oﬁizwrecka e I
r, the foreca‘s,‘tlo‘o£,_t e.‘ .

led out ‘through a hole that might have been
e in the bows. With considerable difficulty
‘ eached the hatch and Bill tried to open it,

‘mid it was jammed in such a way that he
:1 ‘not move it. He poundtd on it with his
zfﬁst and listened. In about-a minute.he
Cl a succession of answering thumps.

e’s in there and alive,” said the sailor.

n’t you open the hatch?”, said Jack.’
otlwith my hands. It’s jammed tight. We
7 get a pile of wreckage and ‘pryit off.”

piece of wood suitable for the,purp‘ose'was.
f

‘ ound and their united exertions succeeded
moving thehatch. ; .
A below there, my hearty!” cried Bill,
down into the dark forecastle. "Crawl up

_ 11, give you a hand.” . .
améy lost no time in trying to get out of his
; crickey!” he exclaimed, as his head ap-
above the combing. ‘ “Hain’t I glad to get
of that bloomin’ ’ole. Vot’s ’appened? I

noozing avay like an innercent kiddy When‘

tvunce I vos avakened by sich a crash that I
ht the vorld vos comin’ to a hend. I vent
hrough the air like I ’ad been kicked by a

, andmy ’ead ’it the floor of the ’ooker so ’ard
it knocked me hout~vorser than if I ’ad been
ag’in the mawleys of the ‘Pimlico‘I’et’,’ vhich
good un, yer can take my vord_ on it, for I've
’1m put ’em to sleep vith a prime huppercut
xfast asthey come hup.”

Get _out and you’ll see what’s happened,” re-H

B111. , ,

‘Why, may I never nick a viper ag’in if ve
t ’igh and dry ashore,” cried Barney in aston-
ent. "Vhere ’ave ve gotta?”

‘dunno, unless we’re somewhere alov"ng,Paty-

‘la ’ ‘

». here is Paty'gonia?” asked Barney.‘ ,.
t the extreme end of South America," ex-

ed Jack. ’
rickey! ,
‘. I never ’eard of the bloomm’ place be-
Vell, vot of it? All I carevabout is to get
to Lunnon ag’in. ’Von’t I ’ave a story to tell
lies vet _I know.  no, of course not, not

ell, what shall we do next, Bill?” asked

rub on the top of the rocks and see if we

ake out our vbeax-in’s.” *

ad the way then and we’ll follow.” .
11' ; accordingly began to climb _beyond the
lnefs bows, and Jack and the irrepressible
y trailed along. after him. I

~éI-IA15TER vn.~_'rhe -Hut in the wood.

, they reached the ‘top of the rocks they
‘swell-swoodedgcouzgtry reachinig away to the

Vet a pity my edication vos neg-p lrve seen

as

. . 9?
on an island.‘ Still they were’ not ‘surest 
fact as they could not make out What was» ’
the other side of the trees. . ' V;
. ‘flf this here ain’_t Patygonia it’s an island,

‘if it’s an island I wouldn't be surprised if it‘ we

one of the Terra? del Fuego group to the south ,
the Strait,” said Bill. , I
“Supp-use we are on one of those islands,‘ W ,

are our chances of rescue?” said Jack.

“Mighty slim. Ships don’t put in at th
’cause there ain’t no reason for ‘it. There a1_1z’1;
no towns nor ports, nor anybody to do business
with. They say that there ain’t more than .2,0

( natives altogether on the archipelago, which co

sists of eleven large islands and twenty ’smal3—

ones.‘ The savages on many of the islets 311'
cannibals, as I told you aboard the brig‘, and
we ‘fell in with any of them it would be .all £13.
with us.” ' '. ’ 

, “I’m afraid we’ve only jumped from thef
ingépanr into the fire ’by' going ashore on ‘tit
coas_’c,’f' replied Jack, who, from the old- sailor’
virlords, thought matters looked very serious 1'

t em. - ” ’ '

“If this here is Patygonia, we mayn’t be soba.
off, though the natives ain’t any too friendl
where they seethey have the upper hand; bu
we’re on one of them Terra del Fuego islands
there ain't much chance for‘us.”' ‘ ' ‘ ,

“What do you think we’d better do, Bil1—sta
around the wreck on the chance that some craft
might, heave in sight and take us oﬂ"..in answ
to our signals, or start aheadand explore this‘
country to see whether we’re on an island or not?
asked Jack.

“We might not see a sail in a month, leastawa
close enough in for her people to make out-on
signals.” , I ,

“Then you think we’d better inspect the she" ’
inland?” ' ' _~

“I reckon; but ther_e’s no call to be in a hurry
about it.‘ We’ve got to provide ourselves wi
somethin’ to eat first. If we’re on one of them
islands we shan’t ﬁnd a dinner hangin’ on a tree
waiting ‘for us to help ourselves.’ There 'hain'¢
no fruit trees in this part of the world.’’, _

“What'do the natives live In?”

“Shell-ﬁsh, I _reckon,"wi d—fowl,

wild celery
spoonwort, and a kind of globular fungus which:

rowin
Charles’s outh
and which grows on all the islands, I was told. ' I
reckon there is other stuff they eat, too. They’re
used to things while we ain't, so we’d be aptvto

around the chief trees of King

star.)/‘e while they went around with full stonr-y

achs. At any rate that was the fate that over-
took a missionary party that came to the _big is-
land to convert the. atives. They were left with

out supplies so long that they all starved to death.
That shows you what we can expect if we're in
the archipel o” ’ _
J “1'I'hat’s aadﬁogrful prospect, I must say,” said

ac ".

“Oh crickey! Vhy vos I hever carried horf from
Hold England?” put in Barney, “This here ‘
vurser nor_the treadmill at Portland vich k ’
yet a—vorkmg yer legs all the time vethereyg
wants toor not.” , . y 

At that moment the clouds broke away 

and when I was ashore there,f7

 -th_e~sun came cut, gilding the heaving ocean with
‘sheen of gold.

.n.‘.‘The gale has about spent itself,” said Jack.

 ..‘.‘I’reckon. We’d better go down to the galley

and see if we can ﬁnd anything to eat there., The

-‘dooris turned upward so I don't see how any-
'thin’ in it could have fallen out,” said Bill.

’ 3 As all three were pretty hungry they wasted no

*«. further‘ timeyupon the uninteresting landscape in-
, land, but made their way with due caution down
 the vessel’s deck, which lay at an angle of

about fifty degrees. Sliding down against the

 cook-house they looked in at the doorway and

foundtas they expected, everything in confusion.

-V ;* All its movable contents were thrown in a heap
to port. Jack went in and hunted the stuff over

forxthe canned goods, bag of crackers and salt-
horse they had brought away from the brig, and
particularly the bottle of cognac Bill had opened
specially for Barney the afternoon previous. He

-. was afraid the bottle was broken and its contents
‘spilled; After some trouble the three cans con-

taining preserved beef were brought to light, and
 after‘ Jack lighted on the bag. Finally he
locatetl the brandy‘ bottle and discovered“ that
it was intact. He handed it up to Bill, who took
yagyhearty swig and then passed it to Barney. He
showed so much relish for it that Bill “had to
take it away from him. V

‘ ..“»Hold hard. you young sea cook," he -said. “D’ye
want yourself drunk? ’

“Veil, vot of it? Vot’s ‘the’ diﬁ’rence so long’s
yer ’haDp.V?” replied Barney, saucily.

“You've had all you’re goin’ to for the pres-
ent,” said Bill, handing the bottle down to, Jack,
who put it in the cold ashes of the stove, and
handed Bill a can of meat he had opened. '

-7"Here's some crackers," he said. “That ought
to be enough for you‘ and Barney. If it isn’t
you can have a portion of this can." _ -
f‘.1The three then proceeded to make their break-

est.

’.“There’ll be no dishes to wash this trip, ship-
mate,” grinned Bill. “Hand up a couple of them
fo_rks.”’ .
'jBreakfast'over. they sat on the side of ,the
alley» to ‘give the sun a chance to dry their
c bthes. Bill found. a chunk of smoking tobacco
in his pocket and laid that out to dry. so that
he could enjoy a smoke.later on. Barney did

most‘ of the talking. He enlightened his com-g

panions with reminiscences of low London life,
and seemed to glory in the many smart dodges
he‘ had played off on the police when chased by
 Owing to his cleverness he had only once
appeared before the Bow Street magistrate, but
that was the time he was sent to the workhouse
for six months.

"Their clothes dried in the course of a couple
oflhours, by which time the sea had gone down
quite a bit, and the wind had moderated to a
fair breeze. Observing that the water no longer
-flooded the entrance passage to the cabin, Jack

. said he was going to make an inspection of the

pantry. There was quite a supply of food in the
- "com, most of which being in cans or sealed glass

’jars could not -be injured by thesea water. It.

was necessary that,,an inventory be taken of their
food supply, and measures taken to make it hold
"t-as long as possible. So Jack left his two com-

011
panions on the galley and made his way to the. .

pantry. Here‘ everything was in confusion, but

-

the‘ young sailor straightened things out as

. he could, and vﬁguring up the supplies ‘ed

that there was enough to last them for perh
three weeks with ordinary economy.’ Then he
turned to report. ' - v‘:
“I reckon _we ought to ﬁnd a place to st’
the S‘~l1ﬁ°.” said the sailor. “The natives arel-i
to come to the shore for shellﬁsh atanyt ti
supposin’, of course, that we’re on an island;
they saw this wreck they’d strip it of everythin
that th€.V could get at and then we’d be leftii
the lurch, supposin’ again that they didn’t did
us at the same time.” . 5;"
“Do you mean that we oughtvto hide it ah
the rocks?” asked Jack. - _
“We’d better investigate the neighborhood._.,_ ,
yund the rocks first, say further up the sheila
among the trees- yonder,” and the sailor Wa.
his hand in a northerly direction. “We want.”
make our headquarters close to the sea in»
a vessel was to turn up, which is about the-.. ‘
chance we have to be taken 'off.”. i 3
“Then let’s start out and hunt up a safe m
This suggestion being in line with.‘Bill’s id
the three started up the rocks again; The ,1‘
shore ended in a beach a hundred yardsavé.
and toward that point they took th.eir'wa,y.‘ ~
wood came down within a hundred’ yards ‘of
water,_ and entering it they looked’ around»
a spot suitable for their purpose. _ , _ .
“Hello!” _crie_d J ack. “Isn_’t that a hut yond
_ ‘fLooks like it, shipinate. Maybe. there's natilv
1iv_iCii’Baiiound here. We had best be caution.
sai 11 . ‘ . -

Approaching the hut slowly, they soon A .
out that it was deserted. There wasn't a si
of a native anywhere around. Entering the h
they, found every evidence that it had oncebe
occupied by civilized persons. , 
“I guess the natives don't come over here‘,-‘fa
if they had found this shack they would yh "
carried off all that’s in it,” said Bill, loo"
at a variety‘ of articles that had clearly3b
landed from some vessel, presumably a wr ,
that had “gone ashore on the beach. The-":11
looked as if it had not occupied for some:ti'
There was a rude ﬁreplace with a pile 
ashes in it at one end of the hut. ' Beside vs
two spades, an iron three-legged kettle,’ a.
of rope, several blocks and other nautical articl
There was a bunk on either side built offd
leaves covered with a pair of blankets.’ In a
was a ﬁshing line complete. a sailor’s isewign
kit, and a variety. of other things, in_cludin' .~ A
rusty table knives and two uforks, two. tin plated‘?

’ two tin cups, and several common spoons.. .

hut was _well built of ship's timbers, and on‘

whole was quite a ﬁnd for the castaways. '
“This will be just the thing for us,” said. J13."

“It’s dry and snug. Barney can fetch a bed "

himself from the fok’s’l of the schooner, and  lk

soon be able to convey all the provisions and 311
othei-‘things as we. need from the galley, he
We couldn’t have built so good a hut —ourse'l

- with all the timber at our command." /

“Right you are, shipmate. "I reckon we’l
well ﬁxed with this shack for our headqua -
returned the old salt. in a tone of satisfaction-

They, went on a bit further through thew
which they found ended abruptly in that dilﬁ’ ”
at a wide creek, then they returned 2 to

 x

I I ‘osiiciir BY

.. i r. I They spent the rest of the day carry-
stores to the hut where they slept that night
peace and apparent security.

‘CHAPTER VIII.—Captured By Cannibals.

During the following two days they stuck to the
‘reand employed themselves removing every-
ng of any importance they could get on aboard
chooner to the immediate vicinity of the hut,
' hey could get little more than the provisions
' ‘the shack, and leave room for their own accom-
' ' tion. They covered the rest of the stuff with
‘l as a precaution in case it should come on
' They gathered a huge pile of wood in a
'3 ‘d’ of bowl on the highest point of the rocks,
owwhich the schooner lay, to_use as a bonﬁre,
ing thereby to attract attention on board any
1),’ or other craft, that have in sight and ap-
ched within reasonable distance of the shore.
the morning of the fourth day after they had
ri cast away on that coast, Jack and Bill, leav-
‘g Barney in charge of the hut and the collected
' erty, started out to explore the country with
view of -trying to ﬁnd out whether they were
an island or the main shore of South America.
ng their course by the sun they made a bee-
_ across the open ground that lay_between the
like along the shore and _the long" line of Woods
haps a quarter of a mile away.

ng Charles’ South Land. As that there island
s" over 20,000 square miles of surface it would

some tall walkin’ to go across it." ~
‘Yes,;I guess it would,” replied Jack, with a
le

911-,';s a great» deal larger than all'the other
ds and islets put together. In fact most of
islands are smaller than the land we see

. nd us,” went on Bill. i

At this point they entered‘ the woods and steer-
‘straight through the trees soon came out on
2 “n space facing an arm of the ocean, and
blishing the facl_:’beyond a ‘doubt that they
eon a comparatively small island. To their
in the volcanic nature of thevisland was shown

‘a low hill with a crateriat the summit. The
ient Bill saw it he cried out that they were on

- of the islands of the Terra del Fuego archi-

ago as sure as they lived. _ _ .

‘As we haven’t seen the sign of a native yet it

possible this may be one of the uninhabited
ds.” .

1; is to be hoped it is,” replied Jack, “since-I,
my part, have no desire for an introduction

the savages who live in the a1‘C1_11Pe19-8°- ,
“When I say uninhabited, shlpmatei I don 1':

's1ands are always _

‘ Them _c_an-

, l chaps have a way, I've been told, of moving
"hm one island to another for the sake of variety,
‘suppose. Sometimes they do ltlmere-IY for _the
f picking a scrap with some other tri_be.
t en hold a barbecue over the remains
ned to turn up their toes in the

c age, Jvhet er they be friend or foe, which

s vthat theirobiect was merely to provlde.‘
ves with a, squaremeal of human ﬂeshi’

‘ his I: d ma sagacious

- and ‘row in that direction.

CANNIBALS ,
As the old salt concluded, Jack happened to 
his eyes along the beach _ ~‘ ‘

“Why, there’s a small boat just groundirigon.
“I'm going over to’ -_

the shore,” he said, pointing.
see if there’s anything in it. If it contains a pair

of _oars we can row back to our headquarters,_ .~
which will give us the chance to partly circum-' .
navigate the island without the trouble of walks‘

ing.” ,

Bill followed the young sailor down to ‘the.’
The boat did hold a pair of oars ~

water’s edge.
and also, much to their surprise, a pair of

riﬂes
of the magazine brand. '

“This is a dandy ﬁnd, Bill. We’ll be able‘ to de-
fend ourselves now in case any natives should
turn up and show a disposition to molest us,” said i 5

Jack.

They examined the magazines and found that V

there were twelve cartridges in‘ each, the weapons

not having been discharged since they were loaded.;'
“This looks very much like the’ riﬂe that_Ca‘$‘ ,

Snow, of the Octopus, brought aboard the day

fore we left New York. Mr. Jones, the ﬁrst n1a.te,_" ,
. also brought a similar gun. ’

I carried ’em both
down into their staterooms, with two boxes of
cartridges,” said the old salt, regarding the wea-
pon he held in his hand attentively. — ,3: -'
“The ones the cap’n and mate bought werejro

ably the same style of riﬂe as these,” replied T’

J ack. “That’s why they look familiar to you.”

“I reckon you’re right, matey. Of course these;
I wonder how that 
boat came here with the riﬂes in her? There must‘-
be white people somewhere in the neighborhood; ‘

couldn’t be the same guns.

Maybe there’s a vessel anchored near the north, or.
south shore.” ~ z “

“The trend of the tide is from the south, so 

boat must come from that direction,” said Jack,’
in some excitement.
It will be great luck
for iis if there’s a vessel ready to take us off so
soon. "

Bill was just as eager as Jack for a speedy  '

lease from the island, so they lost no time in get-'
ting into the boat and rowing toward the south‘
east. After proceeding perhaps a quarter of 3
mile, Jack pointed to what appeared to be foot-
steps leading up the shore from the water’s édge.~

Their interest as well as curiosity was aroused,

and Jack pulled close in to take a closer look at;
the footprints. , f _
“If they are the imprints of bare feet we’ll‘knowf'l
they must have been made by some of the natives,‘
but if we we see the print of shoes we may consider.‘
they were made by civilized people,” said Jack.

“I reckon,” said Bill, nodding his head. '2 ‘B

Jack sprang out of the boat and looked at the}
marks, deeply impressed in the sand. There,‘-
clear as day, was the shape of several boot soles’:
and heels. ‘ ' ~.

“Jump asore, Bill._ These wereniade by boots.
There are white men on the island, and we can’;

do better than to remain around here till they,‘

come back. ‘This boat is evidently theirs, and e
ting loose somehow from its moorings drifteg
the spot where we found it. There surely must
be some vessel not far away.” ‘  "
Bill came ashore and tied the painter to a r lc
near the water’s» edge, _then he and J ack‘ loo ‘
opengspace that side of the wood, '
he shape of aahuman beirz  ‘

“We’d better get into her‘

 111

VThey walked up to where a solitary tree stood
in aclvalnce of its fellows and stopped there to
await t e expected return 0 the white strangers.
In a few. minutes Jack's gaze was attracted to
a spot perhaps a dozen feet away where some-
thing glittered brightly in the sunlight.

- ,“What you lookin’ at, shipmate?” asked Bill.

“What do you suppose that is shining yonder?”
asked the boy.

“How could I tell‘? A piece of metal, I reckon,
that was washed ashore.”

“Well, I'm going to ﬁnd out,” said Jack.

He walked over, stooped doviinn, and picked
something up. Then he gave a s out.

;‘(§3(~m_e ,he]11'e, Billi quick—the sand is full of
go coin, e crie .

The sailor rushed over, only half comprehend-
ing the meaning of his excitement. When he saw
the gold pieces in Jack’s hand, and the sand
at thfe _biJy’§ fegtf alii(I1edwith' the same things, he
was airy um oun e .

“May I be ”

That was as far as he got with his exclamation
for at that moment a score or more nearly nake
savages armed, with wicked-looking clubs, burst
from the wood with guttural cries, and advanced
upon them in a menacing way.

“ , vages!” ejaculated Jack, dropping the coins
and ooking startled.

“Cannibals, by thnuder!” gasped the old salt.
“Fly for your life, inessmate.”

They dashed for the tree where they had left

their riﬂes, snatched them up and cgnfronttfid ths
natives some of whom had slippe aroun an
out offltheir retreat to the boat. Jack and Bill
presented their guns, thinking to frighten the
fellows off. This action on their part did not
intimidate the savages in the least who con-
tinueﬁl to draw; closer, circling around the tree
and . emming t e two castaways  _
‘ "‘We’ll have to ﬁght for our lives, shipmate,”
said Bill, in a compressed tone. “Don't let ’em
get any closer or we’ll be done for. Those chaps
are the cannibal breed, I know em and if they
capture us we”l’l be cooked and eaten as sure as
beans is beans. ~

With those words Bill opened ﬁre on the enemy,

' bowling ,over an ugly looking native, while Jack

followed suit by plugging a second. The savages
uttered a chorus of horrible unearthly screeches,
and undetered by the riﬂe ﬁre, closed in on the
old salt and his mate. Crack--—crack.—c1*ack—
crack! Four reports in quick succession, and four
more natives fell killed or badly wounded.

The riﬂe ﬁre seemed to have no effect whatever
upon the cannibal crowd. As the savages, in
spite of the loss they had sustained, rushed in
and attacked the castaways at close quarters,
Jack and Bill were obliged to use their weapons
as clubs in a desperate effort to hold the natives
back. With howls of triumph the enemy struck
the riﬂes aside with their clubs, and two of the
savages, rushing in from behind, downed the boy
‘and his companion with well directed blows that

. knocked them both unconscious on ‘the sand.

CHAPTER IX.-—Waiting to Be Roasted.

When Jack and Bill recovered their senses an
hour later, they found themselves bound hand and
foot with some kind of a tough vegetable ﬁber

 

iCAUt}HT BY c‘Ai\iNIi3ALs

that answered “the purpose as well -as.any.':;riio;;e* Lw

They were no longer on the seashore, but in T33
clearing in the wood, the edge of which was oc- .
cupied by a score of rude huts.

They lay in the center of the open space.
themselves, but they could hear the chattering 0
men, Woman and children natives all around them.
The same horrible realization came to the minds
of each at the same moment that they were in
the power of a. cannibal tribe, and that their
doom was sealed. Jackrolled over on his right
side to get a better view of his surroundings. At
the same momonet Bill turned over on his left
side. The consequence was they-came face to

ace. .

“Bill!” ejaculated Jack. ,

t “Jack!” responded the old salt in a melancholy
one. - ..
_ “We’re in a bad ﬁx,” said Jack. ’

“Right you are. It couldn’t; be wuss._” __

“You are sure these savages are cannibals?”

“I wish I was as sure of gettin’ out of this
scrape.” ‘

eat us?” _

“T}1at’s their outlandish custom.” ,

“Then there isn’t much hope for us?”

“Blamed little, I reckon.”

“That’s ﬁerce.
a noise about? Are they crowing over thefeast
they expect to have?" '

“They are making a howl over their dead’ and

wounded. Don't you hear the women ’ folk

screechin".7”
“Plainly.” , i _' 
“It’s a toss up whether they’l1 kill and eat

us first.” V '  '
“First! What do you mean?” ‘

“After they’ve howled long enough
corpses they’l1 prepare ’em for cookin'."
“What! Their own friends?”
‘ “What’s the diﬂ”rence? Everythin’ is ﬁsh that

“ii”?

.3;

“Do you really think they mean to kill and

What are they making such ':’w~

over the ‘

,J:

».t.

1

\

4 I

l

comes to their net.” .

“Will the women let them eat their husbands I

or relatives?”

“Will they? I’ll bet they will andtake the
tends-rest pieces themselves.” ’ ‘ 

“My gracious! What a depraved set of human
beings!”

f‘It’s the way they’ve been brought up. The ’
custom of the country.”

“Some South American government ought to"
teach them better things.” ’ ‘

“I reckon nobody bothers their heads about
these chaps.”

_ “If our government ever learned that we'd been
killed and eaten, I should think they’d send a
Warship down here to teach them a lesson.”

“I don’t reckon they’ll ever hear about the mat-
ter. At any rate what happens after we're in the‘,
stomachs of them rascals won’t do us any good.”'

“We’ve had horrible luck since we were set
adrift by those six alleged shipwrecked scoun-
drels.” ‘ ' '

“Couldn't have been much wuss.”

“Too bad they aren’t in our shoes.”

“No such good luck,” growled Bill.

At that juncture two natives approached the
prisoners. They picked Jack up in their arms and ,
carried him to a tall stake in front of the largest

1

>

hut and bound him to it with apiece of vegetablui ii‘

ﬁber , »
- v-

 

  

lcliuciir "Bird

returned to Bill, and fetching him for-
, d,. bound him to anotherpost a yard from

* he rascals then withdrew. ' _

Looking before them Jack and Bill saw a small
-  _ch'of women howling around four dead bodies
‘few yards away. _

Evidently they were mourning‘ over the un-
'ely death of their relatives and friends.

‘The differences in attire of the women and men
as not considerable. _ _ _
The.men boasted nothing more than a plain
oth bandage around their loin_s.

i he women were rovided with a sort of pet-
’at, while the‘ chil ren of both sexes were quite

   
    
 
    
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
   

 

ed. A
«.'-All hands had_ a superabundanee of rusty black
irall over their bodies, something after the way
a monkey. '
‘As the temperature in that southern latitude
scold nearly all the time, it was_astonishmg
ﬁwt these natives could get along with no more
othes than worn by the natives of the troplcs
d warm South Seas.
It only wentto show that these creatures were
tie above the order of animals in their man-
'_s and customs. _
Infact in many respects animals were above
in.’ _
While Jack and Bill were wondering what was
in to happen next, feeling decidedly uncom-
rta le_ over the pi-ospeet ahead, a savage, larger
ii more powerful than thevrest of those present,
sued from the big hut behind the two posts and
alkjng up to the two prisoners, began feeling of
if arms, legs and bodies as if trying to ascer-
'n their physical condition. _
He was evidently the head of the tribe, for
er_v one of the natives kept at a respectful ‘
tance. . . _
lnaddition to the cloth around his loins, he
,_ _rted a wide sash made of red ﬂannel which was
a (fitted over his right hip,_ and the two endshung
use down his muscular right leg. _
- hile the rest of the male members of the tribe
thick kinky hair that clung close to- their
1 s, his hair was long and straight, and made
7/mto a grotesque kind of h_ead—dress.that«stuck
yfully a foot. _
Its color was a rusty black like the hair on his
\ and limbs. _ _
e chief after satisfying himself as to the
ndition of the two prisoners, left them and
all-red over to the corpses.
As he approached the women uttered one loud
reech, then became silent and retired, leaving
M .»bodies by themselves. The head man then pur-
ed the same tactics with his four_ dead followers,
ling them all over, and ﬁunching their stom-
: ’ ,~.- When he was throug with this perform-
’e he gave an order to several of the natives.
T-hey walked up to Jack and Bill and cut them
se from the posts. A _ A '
‘.‘It’s‘all up withus now,” almost groaned Jack,
' in his mind’s eye he. saw their brains knocked
ﬂit ‘and their naked bodies roasting on spits
"ve a hot fire. The thongs about their legs were
. but their arms were left ‘pound.
natives, with unintelligible grunts, hustled
out of the enclosure to a_va_cant hut among
‘s Th ,,:.were~thrust zns1de..then Jacks

 

      

 

 

' odor a mile away.”

 

cAN'NIBAi.}s S i

left leg was bound to
were left alone. i - v . _
,“What does this mean '1”, asked Jack, whowas V
in a cold perspiration. . ' a .
“I dunno,” replied the old salt, "unless the chief ‘—
hads decided to keep us for another time and have-' '
the dead men roasted and eaten ﬁrst.” * .»
“I didn't. like the way he felt me, nor the look, «
he gave me during the operation,” said Jack with
a shudder. “Perhaps he intends to use us for his -
private consumption, and let the others eat the-'
dead men.” ?
The sailor didn’t like his companion’s sug-' j
gestion and made no reply. Through the open-
door they saw several natives gathering brush as -

3:11’: right one, and - they 1 .

,if for fire, and the sight didn't make them feel

any more comfortable. ’  —'
The thick fringe of trees between them and the‘
clearing‘, as well as two of the huts, prevented —
them from seeing what was going ‘on in the ;
center of the little village, but the ﬂitting of neu-

tives hither and thither, and the sounds of bustle, 

convinced them that the feast of human ﬂesh was /
in preparation. i
Whether they were to form a part of the her; .

rible banquet was a matter they could not decide» ‘

upon.
The succeeding minutes wei-e'fraught with a T
terrible uncertainty. , ' ' 3
Every sound caused them to start with appre-
hension, for they expected nothing else than that’-
one or both of them would be presently led forth 1
to their death. - i _
,Time passed, however, and no further attention
was paid to them. ' -’ '
They could see the ruddy glow of ﬂames sprin,g1 -
up, and hear the crackle of the dried fuel. ,’ ’
thBy and by the odor of burning ﬂesh reached”
em. i
“Ugh! They’re cooking something,” said

~ » in
breaking the long painful silence of the past‘ a

hour. . .
“A man must have a poor smeller that couldn't
tell that,” returned Bill. “I could recognize that

“’.’And it will be. our turn next—to-marrow, may-V

e.
Mltis
once.” .
“But to die away down here in a savage coun-.
try, and be eaten afterward, it’s too horriblevtb ‘
think of.” . '
Bill didn’t reply, and a shortsilence ensued.-
“Say, shipmate,” he said at length. . V’ ‘
“Well,” replied Jack, in a hopeless tone.
“You remember them footprints we saw in the
sand of the beach?” , '
“I’ve been wonder-in’ who they belonged to, and, ,
what has become of them. Since they came ashore
so near this here village, and walked straight into
the woods, it strikes me that if they wasn't cap-
tured like ourselves, it was little short of is
miracle,” ~ ” =
“It would seem so..
in one of the huts.”
“I dunno. I don’t-—what’s that?” ,
A scratching sound behind them had attract
the old salt’s attention. ,
“What’s the matter?” asked Jack.
» “Didn't you hear it?"
“Hear what?” i

a satisfaction to know that we can die but )‘

Maybe they're prisoners

 

   

  “I didn’t notice it. I was thinking of ”
(“There it is ag’in. Listen!”

‘ plied

I‘ up once more.

" to see me the fatlvould all be in the ﬁre.
lvait avh

‘ = anxiously.

CAUGHT BY “
-“That scratchin' at the back of this hut?”

I

The noise, which seemed to be made in a

i‘ fgtealthy manner, was now apparent to Jack.

. “What can it be?” he said.
“So]1.;n1<lls like some animals tryin’ to get in,” re-
1 .
“If an animal wanted to get in there is nothing
to“ prevent him from coming in at the door.”
= The scratching now became very distinct. It
was followed by a tearing sound, as if the dried

' material of which the hut was formed was being

slowly demolished. The noise would stop for a

 few moments and then be resumed for a brief in-

terval, when it would stop again only to be taken
Suddenly they heard the sound of
breathing.

-‘“It is an animal, Bill,” cried Jack. “I can hear

 A it breathe.”

_“Ve1l, blow me tight, if I ever ’eard the like.
Vy, bless yer hignorance, it's only me, Flash Bar-

, my, the Plummy Un,” cried a voice that both

recognized at once with a thrill of mingled sur-
prise and hope.

‘CHAPTER X.-——The Octopus Once More.

._‘~“Barney, you here!” cried Jack, in a joyful tone.
“V_ell, and vot of it? Hain’t you coves glad to

‘ see me?” replied the British lad.

" a

lad! _
f‘Could y

Dowse my toplights! I could hug you!"

er? Vell don't think of sich a thing,”

* answered the. lad, enlarging the aperture through
‘ which he had first looked and then applied his

mouth. ‘

 “You’ve come to save us. Good boy/3 said Jack.
“What's the use of tearin’ the hut to pieces

to ét in here when you kin see a door?” said the

sailor, impatiently. ‘ _
“Vot hignorance! Vy, there's a blackamoor sit-

tin’ yonder vith his heye on the ’ut, and if‘ he vos

‘ Jest yer

ile, my coveys, and I'll ’ave yer hout in
To think of Barne

“We’ll owe lii

“I wish he’d rush things,” growled the old salt;

“If some of them savages was to come

,here unexpectedly think what would happen.”
“That’s right. I’m in a cold sweat again over

nutime.’
. “Gracious!
save us,” said Jack.

turning up to
in our lives if

‘ We get away.”

I the bare possibility of such a thing happening,” .
B replied Jack. ‘

The gripping and tearing went on faster than
ever, but with the same pause, as Barney stopped
every minute or two to reconnoiter. At length he
‘had the hole large enough to force his way into

,' the hut. Without a word he snatched J ack’s knife

from its sheath and slashed his bonds to pieces

with a few well directed cuts, after which he
"turned his attention to Bill, and rendered the same

-y service‘.

. _‘‘Out_ with yer knife, Bill, and make the ’ole

larger,” he said, kneeling down and cutting away
ﬁne‘ side himself.

The old salt didn’t require a_ second bidding.
In a brief space of tim€"the knives widened the
opening so muchthat the three had no difficult in

' ‘ ping through. Jack and Bill found themse ves

canmsmzsy

in the midst of a thick brush ‘at the back

hut. This brush had screened‘ Barney from
observation of the sentinel whom he pointed .,
to the escaped prisoners. .
f‘Follow _me, coveys, and I’ll take, yer clear
this’ bloomin’ wood,” said the British boy‘,
dont yer go for to make any more rumpus-tli
yer can ’elp.” .1’
Fifteen minute

I 1: th f ' .-
from the village’ s a er ey were a sa e dist

and then Jack and Bill breathe
ey , "
rid themselves -prison»:
nibals.

ge from our hut, Barney

more freely than they had done since th
covered their sense and fou
ers in the hands of the can
“How far is that villa
asked Jack.
“.’Ow far? About a mile.” ’
you to ﬁnd out that, we had ‘ ,,

“How came
captured?”

“I ’eard the noise of shoot
it all meant. I vaited and vaited for yer to. W,
back, and ven yer didn’t I thought I’d go and ? .. .
yer hup. So horf I started in the direction I _'
the shots. All to vunce I seen that village, as
call it, with a lot of blackamoors ’owlin’ an
carryin’ on. Vell, strike me cold if I didn’t ii
ly ’ave a fit. I vould_"ave runned avay qui .
than anythink yer know of if I hadn’t seen
two tied hup to poles and a big blackamoor
punchin’ of yer in the ribs and a-pinchin' “
h’arms and legs. ‘Crickey,’ says I, ‘hit’ they ha’
took prisoners.’ So I waited around to see vét
they vos goin’ to ».do _vith yer. -Vhen I seen ‘
stowed away in the ’iit I says to myself, sa s,
‘Barney, hif yer the Plummy Un as yer’ve '
called yer’l1 proveitby savin‘ yer friends,’ vich
did or yer vouldn’t be ’ere now, ’ concluded the‘ ,

“Youre all right, Barney. You saved,/ourvl‘
’t forget the favor, will we, Bil

in’ and vondered-I

and we sha’n
said Jack. '_
_ “You bet we won’t,’f replied the old salt, heartk oi;
ily. Tip us your ﬂipper, my lad. You s _
us from bein’ roasted and ate.”
“Roasted and het!” echoed Ba
mean?” ,
“I mean them savages are canni-bals._” _
“Vot! Them blackamoors?” gasped the Pl
my Un. » ..
The sailor nodded.
“Vell, I’ll be blowed. And th
heat yer?” '
“That was their— intention,” said Jack.
“Vell, vot do yer think of that? ’Ow did -I.
catch yer?” . " \
Jack narrated their experiences.

rney. “Vot do

ey vos gain’

génd yer found the guns in the boat?”

es.” '

_t ,"‘Vell,‘powder me blue! Vot a time yer ‘ad;
1 _ .

By this time they had. reached their hut.
“As soon as the natives discover our esc
they're bound to hunt for us,” said Jack. “S00
or later they’ll come here. How are we going.»
avoid them?” _

, Bill Bowling scratched hp head and looked

plexed. _ _
“Vot’s to ’inder us climbin’ hup in« the
said Barney, as if originating at brilliant-i
“I’m afraid they'd ﬁnd us there,” retur

  
 
   

“Hif ve 'ad that boat ve could pull horf from
the shore and then they couldn't get"us.”
“It's too risky to go back along the shore after
it. . You haven’t seen a vessel 01? shore, I sup-

 "V:y, I ’avent looked for hany.”

  

  

‘for the shore edge of the wood. ,
When he got in full view of the ocean there was
1 nothing in sight in any direction but the limitless
, expanse of water, shining in the sun.

“The vessel from which that boat must have
«come off is not oﬂ’ the eastern nor the western
I coast of this island, that appears to be certain.

‘_I judge she's somewhere oil’ the south shore if
she’s anywhere around here. =-‘ The question is:
dare we venture along the beach on the chance
. of ﬁnding her? Our escape has probably been dis-
covered bynow, and the-salvages are doubtless out
looking for us. If they come here we are certain
‘tobe discovered, and with only our knives to de-
ﬁend ourselves with we’ll stand a poor show

 
   
   
 
  
 

his steps to the hut. A consultation followed his
' return, and it was decided that one of them should
‘venture to the south to look for the ship they be
-lieved to be oif the island, while the other two
~ were to remain at the hut. '
' “Which of us is to tackle the risky job?” said
-Jack.‘ ‘ 5
“We’ll draw lots,” replied Bill. “Here are three
twi s of different sizes. Barney will plant them
"in t e earth. You and I will then draw one. If
the shortest twig remains in the ground Barney
; will‘ have to do the scoutin’. Otherwise you or
me will do the job.”, _
' Barney planted the twigs and Jack drew the
‘shortest one. ' _ __ .’
“I see it’s up to me to get on the ]0b._ If Im
 . caught by the savages I hope you’ll do your best
, to save me,” he said. ’
:-"* F, “We will,” answered the old salt.
=s.‘ “Then I’m off,” said Jack, after taking a long
i i drink of water and ﬁlling up on crackers and pre-
vserved meat. He took to the beach and walked
. south, keeping a sharp lookout for the natives.
 After going perhaps half a mile he came to a high
 and projecting point of land. Following this
‘ . around he suddenly came in sight of a brig an-
;/. chored close in to the wide mouth of the creek.
The vessel looked familiar to him, and on looking
sharper at her he saw, to his surprise, that it was
ﬁﬂie Octopus.
" “So the rascals escaped the gale after _all and
‘ ut in here,” he muttered. “I am afraid that
settles our chances of being taken off at present.
It isn’t likely that those scoundrels would allpw
_ us aboard. ‘I suppose I might as_well go back.
, ' As he was -‘about to retrace his steps two men
§’ Suddenly appeared around the point of land and
‘~ ‘came to a stop on seeing him. Jack recognized
one of them as the ringleader of the six rascals
and the other as one of his companions.

 

 

 

 

      
  
 

 

CHAPTER XI.--The Steam Yacht.

   

ﬁat a boy, advanced again, and _Jack, perceiving
at he couldnot very well avoid an encounter
ﬂagm awaited tlonir annrnach.

..‘CAUGH’1‘. BY GANNIBALSI . ’

— against the enemy,” thought Jack, as he retraced

The two scoundrels seeing only onepetson, and »

    
   

“Hello, so it’s you, is it?” said theringleader’
whose name was Williams, recognizing him. ' 

“Yes,” replied Jack, coolly. < - v.

“I thought you and the other chap were at the-’”
bottom of the sea. How in thunder did you vman-;
age to weather the gale in that boat?” * 2 i  r

‘‘We didn’t.’’ \ ‘

“You didn’t! Then how is it you are ashor
here?” ' '

“We picked up -a ﬂoating derelict, and she. —
she brought us here.” 1 A3

“A ﬂoatin’ derelict, eh? Where is she?” _
1 “On the rocks half a mile from here, ’a total‘
oss.” ‘

“You were lucky.
after all?”

“We did.” _ - 

“Well, I reckon you've only run into a hornets
nest,” said‘ Williams, with a wicked grin. Y "

“What do you mean by a hornets’ nest?” asked
Jack, suspecting, however, that the rascal feferred
to the cannibals. ‘

“Never mind what Pmean. You'll find out and
I wish you joy of the discovery. ~ ' '

“What are you going to do with the brig?” ,

“What is that to you?" 5 . i

“I don’t suppose it’s anything to me as matters
stand.” ‘ j.

“Then don’t be so blamed curious.” ~ ~ ‘ .-

As he spoke a chorus of ye1ls‘split the air and
a crowd of the cannibals burst from the trees
short distance away and charged down on them, or 
waving their clubs menacingly. - "
h “iI‘o the boat!” roared Williams,.taking to his

ee s. ' .

His companion followed. Jack, -seeing’ that his
only chance was to follow them, did so. The three"
one after the other, rushed around the point wit
the savages in full chase. A boat was tied close
to the shore. Williams and his companion dashed
for it. Casting loose the painter, they tumbled
in, got out their oars and pulled off, givin J_‘ack
the laugh. The boy kept on up the cree ,.dis
appearing behind a thick mass of shrubbery ust
as the pursuing cannibals came in sight. hey
rushed down to the water's edge and shook their
clubs at the boat. Williams drew a revolverdfroiii
his pocket and ﬁred at them. One of the savages
dropped wounded on the shore. ‘ "

The others set up howls of rage and some ‘oi’
them rushed into the water up to their waists, In
the meantime/Jack kept on his way and left the.”
natives well behind. Reaching the head of the
creek he turned to the west. and moved backsto
the shore again, keeping under cover as a m
ter of prudence. ~"
. He saw the boat reach the brig and Williams
and his associate mount to her deck. He watched
the vessel for awhile, but no attempt was made
to set sail. Continuing on his “way he came ' ‘
length to the spot where he and Bill were taken
prisoners. , V, '

The boat was gone, and so were the two 
they had found in her and used against the ca‘
nibals. As he looked around he thought of t‘,
gold pieces he had picked out of the sand. Makin
his way to the spot he saw about ﬁfty of them,
English sovereigns, lying around loose. ‘ .

He picked them up eagerly and dropped the
in his pocket, then as lie disturbed the sand 
he saw that there was a whole case’ of .

        
    
  

   
  

  
    
   
     
     

   
      

So you and your pal escaped

      
  

  
    

        
      
  
     
    
  
   
  
  
 
    
   
   
    
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
    
 
 
    
 
   
   
   
 
   
  

  
       
  

  
   
       
   
     
 
   

  
    
 

 It the UGHT TBY . iANNIVBA"LS7

hnriedat that spot, the top’ of it being almost
eifelwith the sand.
.,'.“'I{here must be a fortune here,” he muttered.
‘But ‘what use is. it to us since we have no means
carrying it away?” ‘
Taking the bearings of it for future use he re-
icovered the box and continued on his way around
he island.
He kept to the beach where the Walking was
asier than among the brush.
3 After half an hour’s walk he reached the north-
rn end of the island, and to his surprise and joy

, evsaw a small ocean-going yacht just casting .
’her anchor close in shore.

' He rushed down to the water's edge and shouted

" lth all his might.

He was heard and seen, and presently a boat
mt '1;>fl" from the vessel and came toward the
ac . '
",‘Hello!” cried the steersman. “Who are you and
hat were you signalling the yacht for ? Wan_t to
taken oi? the island ?” 3

Y es, ‘and I’ve got two companions who want to

’ tiaway, too,” replied Jack.’

‘ ‘How came you to be here?”

The schooner we were on came ashore in the
te gale.” -

Where are your companions?”
“Near a creek on the east side of the island.”

I-’i1‘ take you aboard and you can state your
,_ e -to tgenowner. He won't refuse to take your

What brings your craft so far south?” asked
ugh, as he stepped into the boat.

We are bound for the Paciﬁc through the ‘

ait-[I9 '
‘ ' tgehciwner of the yacht?”
s ey.”
here do you hail from?” ’
, ,, New York. What’s your name, anclwhere do
911 hail from yourself?”
“My name is Jack Stedfast, and I belong to‘ the
iilalge of Montg_<1>meiiy, New York State.” .
— ou are a sai or, see. ’
Yes, I’m an ordinary seaman. I shipped aboard
"th brig Octopus for a trip to San Francisco and
hack to beneﬁt my health, which was rather on the
un;i,p, not because I wanted to adopt a seafaring

circumstances ‘.7 ” _ _
‘ “That’s about the size of it.”

aster.”
ack saw that he was an object of some cur-
ity to those on board, but that was to be looked
or under the circumstances. .
The steersman of the boat took him aft and in-
1:rod1'.ic'ed him to the owner, a ﬁne—looking gentle-
9.11, ‘with iron-gray hair and moustache.
“Well, young man, I shall be glad to learn how
,ue came to be on that island,” said Mr. Ashley.
‘-‘We hardly expected to find a white man here.”
,“Wel1, sir, myself and companions were blown
ashore during the late gale.”
‘f,You have companions then?”
“Yes, sir; a middle-aged sailor and an English
,_ ﬁ.fteen.’! _ s _ r e
“ ou’'seem‘ to‘ be an American?’

‘TI am and so is my mate, Bill Bowling.”
“Well, let me hear your story.” i 4 i i
_“If you've no objection I'll begin at the begin-3
111112‘ and 5911 You how I came to go to sea,"
Jack, with an admiring glance at the owner's?

daughter, who was an extremely pretty girl. 

vented him from taking up the" study of givl
e_n8'lI‘-9e1'1I1g‘_, which he intended to follow as his
11,fe’S V0¢3t1011, and how the doctor had advised,
him to take a long ocean voyage. He then went on
to tell how he had shipped, aboard the brig. 0,,

, topus, signing for the round trip to San Fran?

9iSC0 and back, and téuched upon his ﬁrst‘ exper
ience of sea life. He said everything went on all
right as a whole until about a week since when
they picked up a battered longboat with six
Sal OIS In her who represented themselves as ship
wrecked n_iariners._ Up to this_point there had.
been nothing particularly striking about Jack’s_
narrative, but his auditors had listened to him
with great attention. '

When he described the capture of the brig ‘arid

the setting adrift of her oﬂicers and crew in the

. two boats, Mr. Ashley, his,_daughter and the sai1..',

ing-m_aster.of the steam yacht heard_him with»
astonished interest. Butthat ‘was.y1othlng to the‘
excitement they manifested when Jack narrated,
the boarding of_ the derelict schooner by.‘ himself)
:23 .1.‘;:.::;*:.12;i".ri;.:';‘:.:.*:.e  °f  my
They were still more astonished to learn that‘
the sixalleged shipwrecked sailors belongedto the
schooner, and that they had murdered the oﬂicers
and_pa.ssti]ngebrs, and then took to the long boat, »
i§‘e*}¥'.‘;‘*'z,..‘i?oar?iyti‘3§"é‘§§'h§§”i’£$‘.}§‘3.‘§ °"‘y ‘“"."" ’
caiizk. ‘i;2.;°Ld..:};:“*.:.he..%*‘es {mi in “ah  
r e is an our , a
iiiIrl;:é1fHen(é0I§3_1ﬁd§d  describing Itlhe c?pt.ure££f
a 1 y. e.sava es rri '
gir‘lI?y]l3iis narraltlioéi gf gheicr caggnlibalistic  ,
arney an o unaey t , VV
, . ~’ ‘ , ..
ztiscflleeatvgllle J-J]c1>(ie1l‘<:loeEiertainly hairccinhgen (l:il‘i“:(lI'-
“Myc gracio_u]s!_” exclaimed Mr. Ashley. “This is‘, 2
an mos Iastonisd inlgkstory you have told us, young‘
theéninaga ns 1 e a romance from a bookeorx
“It’s the truth, sir. And now, as my companiol - »
are in danger from the cannibals, I hope. you wil1~
iﬁlld a lgat _a1r1ound1t.t<hthei eiastern shorebiimd take l
em 0 wi as 1 e e ay as possi e 81!‘!
there is no telling when those rascals maiyvdis-M‘
covsr theirtw}ti1efeabo;litl:s.1I rill go in theboat and
guieyou o erig pac. ',
fglwill cegttainlyiéo s8. Yoii’d bgtétler take charge
o e expe 1 ion r. amp sai eowner tur a
ing to the ts}ailing;)—_mast€1i;. “’lI‘ake:he riﬂels arid re-
vo vers in e ca in wi you an 2. supp y
munition. It isnot unlikely you may need tgheivi

The boat in which Jack had been broughtlli

aboard was still ﬂoating alongside.
‘The four sailors constituting the crew were
summoned to take part in the job. ’ . 
Two riﬂes and four revolvers were broughtvon
zireck with a quantity of cartridges adapted " l
em_'  , .,r 
The revolvers were distributed’ aniong the l

  

_ C.éiUGii'i‘ ‘BY; CANNIBALS

$5, while Jack and the sa.iling—master took the
es. ‘ ‘
" The sailors were soon in possessionofthe facts
‘concerning the character of the natives of the
island, and they were much excited over theipos-
sibility of a brush with them. When all was ready
the boat shoved off from the yacht and under
11 guidance started for the eastern side of the
is an _ . ‘

CHAPTER XII.—A Fight With the Cannibals.

On the way ashore, Jack learnedfrom the sail-
ing—master that the yacht had put in at the island
to try and obtain a supply of fresh water, as the
water tank aboard had in some way sprung a leak,
and most of their supply had escaped before they
discovered their loss.

He found out that the name of the yacht was
the Electra, and that the owner and his daughter
were on a leasure trip around the world, via
Australia, l}r)idia, the Mediterranean ports and
England.

The sailing-master said that they were short-
‘lianded, as two of the crew had deserted at Monte-
video, in Buenos Ayres, and he did not doubt that
if Jack and Bill Bowling were willing to take
their places that the owner would accept them,
together with Master Barney. '

He said the pay was much better than that
usually allowed merchant sailors, and ‘that they
would be well fed and have a comparatively easy
time of it: P
1 Jack said he would be glad of the chance to see

something more of the world than he had ex-

ected when he left New York on the l)I'l§2j', and

lie had no doubt that Bill Bowling would lik’e!a
berth on board the yacht ﬁrst rate.

In a few minutes the mouth of the creek beside
the wood came in sight and Jack said:

“Pull into the creek. We'll land. there. It is but
a few"! yards to the hut where I left my coni-
panions to.await~mY return.” ’
~ The boat was beached at a convenient spot.

“I’ll go to the hut and fetch my friends back
with me,” said Jack. “While I am gone be on your
guard against the natives who, for all I know,
may be in this vicinity.” -

Jack hastened into the wood and made his way
to the hut as fast as P0553319-

He found Bill and Barney keeping watch in the
clearing: where the shack stood. .

They welcomed him with every evidence of
satisfaction, for he had been away longer than
they looked for, and were beginning to fear that
he had fallen into the hands of the cannibals
again. _

“I see you haven’t been disturbed by the sav-
ages, Bill,” said Jack. .

«N0 Shipmate, but we’ve been on pins and rice-
dles ever since you left for fear they’d be down
on us. You and me have had a specimen of the
way they can ﬁght, and I’m bound to say I’ve no
wish for another run-in with them. I never saw
such fearless chaps in the face of sure death.
They’d make great soldiers if they were civilized.
'_They’d go right up to the cannon’s mouth without
‘the least hesitation.” _ _ _

' “Vell, my covey, vot’s in the vind—anythink?”
. ‘asked Barney. ' _ ’
“Yes, I’ve got good news for you,” replied Jack.

\

19

“Good news, eh;?"_ said Bill." “You found the,

ship then?”

. : ‘I did. And you couldn’t guess what vessel it
is. ’ ’ ‘
“I reckon I’m not good at guessin’ riddles.”

“Our brig, the Octopus, is anchored ’oﬁ' the
south shore.”

“The deuce you say!” ejaculated the astonished ,

sailor. , ‘

, “And I came" face to face with two of those

scamps who happened to be ashore.”
“Did they recognize you? '
“I shculdsay they did-—right off the reel.”
“What did they have to say ?”

“Not a wole lot, but enough to let me under-/ .
stand’ that we had no show of being taken off the ’

island by them.” ' ,.

“Then where does your good news come in ?”

“I’ll tell you in a moment. As  was talking‘ to
those fellows a crowd of the canmbals sprang out
or the wood near by and chased us into a creek
where t_he”two'rascals had a small boat handy to
escape in. ‘

::'}:{:l1e,V’ got ,off, I suppose?” _

ey did.

“And how about ‘yourself ?” A

“I got safe away in the confusion, and started
off alongtﬁhtta; beach toward the north shore to re-
Join you a way.

“That's why you were so long away.”

“That’s one reason.
a steam yachtf,’

“Egon were what?” exclaimed Bill, in astonish-
men . -

“Aboard a small steam yacht that’s anchored .

off the north shore.”

“You don’t mean it!”

“I do,” and Jack narrated how he had seen‘ the
yacht comin to anchor, had hailed her and been
taken aboar where he had told the story of their
recent adventures. “I came here in the yacht’s
boat which lies in the creek. The owner sent her
to bring you and Barney off.” '

“Glory hallelujah!’~’ roared Bill, cutting a rough ‘

caper on the ground. “Lead the Way. We can’t
reach her any too soon to suit me.”

“Come on, then. The cannibals do not appear
to be in this neighborhood, so I guess we’ve got a
clear road before us. It’s only a few steps to the
creek anyway,” said Jack.

The three immediately left the hut and in a few
minutes came in sight of the boat, lying within
easy reach of the beach. They broke into a run
and were soon down‘ at the water’s edge where the
boat had put in to meet them. Jack introduced
Bill and Barney to the sailing-master of the
Electra, and the officer gave orders to pull for the
yacht, which was half a mile away around a small
promontory. Just as the sailors dipped their oars
in the water the ringing sound of a little brass
cannon reached their ears.

“What can that mean?” cried Mr. Camp. “It'

must be a recall. The yacht perhaps is threatened
with some danger. Maybe attacked by the can-‘
nibals you spoke of. That would be a serious mat-

ter with only the owner and the cook aboard to

defend her and Miss Ashley. Give way, mymen;
give way! Pull with a will.”

The idea that the yacht might" have been at- -

tacked by the savages excited everybody in_the

boat. The four sailors bent to their work likcg

The other is I was aboard '

 
 

  
   

good‘ fellows, sending the boat spinning along to-

ard-the-. romontory. Again came the ringing»
sound oft e small brass cannon, which the sail-
ing-master said was stationed’ at the bow of the
clit, and intended only for salutes.
_ ?."‘There’s something wrong, that’s sure,” said
Mr. ‘Camp. “Pull, my hearties, pull!”
, .In ‘a few minutes the boat swung around the
-point in full sight of the yacht. Then the worst‘
ears of those in the boat were realized. The
ayacht was surrounded by several long canoes
' ‘hile her deck was {swarming with cannibals.
_.-,“-Oh, crickey!” exclaimed Barney. “Jest look at
them blackamoors. If ve gets hout of this alive
2,, ize.’ll;.be precious lucky.” . ‘ _

" ‘f"PulI, men, pull!” roared the sail1ng—master.
‘..“.Th‘e owner and his daughter will be murdered
‘unless we can beat off those chaps.”

, He icked up his riﬂe as he spoke while Jack
‘cocke his.

'.‘;"1‘hese are magazine guns,” said Mr. Camp.
“Pick those rascals off the deck as fast as you‘
an,-but don’t ﬁre unless you feel sure of hitting
,y5ur man, for we can’t afford to waste any of
r ammunition.”

Jack-took aim at a native on the bows and ﬁred.
The cannibal threw up his hands and pitched into

e water. The sailing-master’s riﬂe spoke. im-
mediately after, and another savage got his quiet-
_ ‘. Crack! went J ack’s riﬂe again, but he missed
hismark.
“‘,‘Lord
xgbvhow I would sail into them chaps.”

""80 vould I if I ’ad somethink to lag around me
_v1th,’7 said MBarney, who seemed to‘ e as full of ‘
‘ﬁghtas any one in the boat. ‘

"The cannibals shook their clubs at the ap-
paching. boat, and appeared to stand in no fear:
f the riﬂe ﬁre that was thinning their ranks.
" ack! Crack! Mr. Camp and Jack ﬁred almost
together, and two -more natives sank on the deck.
" 13.. that moment a shrill scream echoed through
"e air. One of the savages came on deck with
e- struggling Edith Ashley in his arms.

, -he boat shot alongside the yacht. Jack, with
reckless disregard for his own safety, was the
 to spring on deck in the face of half a dozen
'lub.,s‘.in.the hands of stalwart natives. He dodged
: e‘ blows and swung the butt of his riﬂe at the
' eadof the nearest cannibal. The savage warded
oﬁi the blow cleverly’ with his club, but before he
could attack the boy in turn the boat's crew, led
by Mr. Camp, closely followed by Bowling, came
. rambling on deck. Amid a fusillade of pistol
shots the ﬁght waxed hot, with the natives getting
 worst of it. Jack worked his way aft to where

a saw Edith Ashley in the arms of her captor.
But he had to ﬁght at every step with the savages
'-who opposed his progress. Once they downed him
'a d would have pounced upon him, but Barney
dashed forward with a club he had picked up and
saved him. Bill Bowling was cutting terrible
havoc in the savage ranks with one of their own
irbs, which he swung right and left with all the
ower of his muscular arms. Fifteen or more
lifthe cannibals were already dead or wounded on
the deck, while two of the sailors had been so,bad-
Wéhurt that they had to give up. With a shout

“ I: threw himself on the savage holding the girl
as he was getting into one of the canoes with
muanions. The cannibalﬁslipped out of his»,

*3

    
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
    
    
   
  
    
 
 
 

   
  

     

 
 

   
 

CAUGHT BY CANNIBALS

~tened after them. Two other canoes came ashore

love you!” cried Bill, “if I only had a‘

‘ing upon him.

  

  

grasp and reached the boat. Jack took aiin-aft‘
him with his riﬂe and the next moment that native
would have had a bullet in his brain, but a savage
came up behind him and struck him with his club,‘ _
on the head. The boy pitched forward and fell .
into the water, his riﬂe going to the bottom. Be-. a
fore _he sank one of the cannibals in the boat seiz-
ed him by the hair and pulled his head out of the
sea. The canoe was headed at once for the shore _
with the unconscious girl in the arms of her cap-

tor, and Jack being towed along astern.

    

     
  

   
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
   
       

CHAPTER ‘XIII.—-—Surrounded By Peril.  IA

Neither Mr. Camp nor the rest of his fbrces,
Barney excepted, saw the fate that had overtaken
Jack in. his gallant attempt to save the yacht}
owner’s daughter, nor noted the departure of the '
canoe for the shore. They had their hands full,’
clearing the deck of the invaders, who were ﬁght-7
mg to the last ditch. Barney, intent on rescuin .'_
J ack, to whom he had taken a great fancy, sli .
down‘ into an em ty canoe, and with the dead
body of a native efore him as a blind, paddled’
shoreward, but not directly after the other craftz.
The first canoe quickly landed and the natives’
hurried into the woods with their two prisoners.
A few minutes afterward Barney landed and has-

with a mere handful of cannibals, who had lost
more than half their party in the ﬁght. The sail?’
ing-master, now that the victory had been won,
hastened to look up the owner and his daughter...
Mr. Ashley was found stretched unconscious 6n.
the ﬂoor of the elegant little cabin, bleeding freely
from a nasty wound on his head inﬁicted by»a.-
club. The cook was also discovered stretched out‘.
to all appearances dead. After the yacht liadfbeen
boarded by the savages the owner and the cook’.
had retreated to the cabin to protect Edith until;
help came. They had been unsuccessful, and -but
for the arrival of the boat with Mr. Camp, the
crew and the three castaways would have been!
carried off with the girl. ' The sailing-masts:
after placing the owner in his berth, looked around
for Edith, but failed to ﬁnd -to ﬁnd any trace 0 ,
her of course. I :

“Good lord!” heexclaimed, “she must have been,
carried ashore by those savages.” "

“Where is Jack and,Barney?” asked Bill, come,-A

 
   
   
   
     

“I couldn't tell you. Aren't they around soma.
where?” '
“No. They hain’t on the yacht.”
“Neither is Miss Ashley.”
“What’s happened to her?” » .
“‘She’s either been carried _as_hore by those vi!-.
lains, or she fell over board in the confusion and ,
was drowned. What will Mr. Ashley say when,“ ’
he regains his senses‘? ' He’ll be crazy. Something
has got to be done.” '. \
“We’d better chase those savages to their. vii
lage and see if they have the girl,” said the old"-
salt. “They may have carried off Jack and Bar

 
 
  

   
   
  
     
  

   
 
   
 
    

    

    

    
   
  

  
     
 

  

We can’t leave heralone.” ‘ i p f "
_“Some of us? Why, there’s, only one of, on
hands beside the engineer andﬁreman, ab ,,
stand. I'll have to 0 alone. I’ll take a.riﬂe'
a revolver and ‘do. e bestlI'can.,’-’y‘

 
   
 
    

  
 
   

     
 

 L heaving the sailing-master ‘in a state of mental

nfusion ‘Bill rushed on deck and securing Mr.
agmpis riﬂe and a loaded revolver, he stepped into
e‘ of the canoes abandoned by the natives and
 aiddled ashore as fast as he could. In the mean-
ime the party of four natives who had captured
Edith Ashley and Jack Stedfast proceeded toward
v the village. Two of them carried the girl be-
i tween them while the other two dragged the un-
"conscious boy uncermoniously through the woods
“by the arms, letting his legs drag at will. It was
-perhaps the rough way in which he was handled
"that brought Jack to his-senses quicker than other-
"wise. The party were half way through the woods
1 when J ack’s feet caught in some creepers and he
was pulled out of the grasp of the natives. They
stopped to pick him up again while the rest of the
of the party went on. Finding the boy's leg
caught one of them let go of hls arm and.stoppe_
'.to release him. Hardly had he accomplished this
Lthan Jack shook himself free fromthe other and
faced. them Neither had his club -with him, so

hey made a jump at the boy to catch him. He O

 eluded them and dashed away among the l'«1'€eS- Al?
that moment Edith recovered her senses, and find-
—.ing herself in the power of two ugly looking sav-
; ages, in the midst of the woods, uttered a suces-
Wsioii" of ' screams; Jack heard her cries and, dis-
regarding his own danger, he darted. in’ the di-
réction whence the sounds had come. _' He soon saw
“the two natives dragging the strugglinggirl along.

. Rushing right upon them he dealt one a blow in l

the jaw with all his force, stretching him half
tunned on the ground. Then he attacked the
ther with his sheath knife, forcing him to release

V the

M 'rl_and take to his heels uttering loud gut-
Ktu-Iiaelofrldeiivith me, Miss Ashley,” said Jack. “I’ll

ave you.” - ,
l “Save me, oh, save me!” she cried. .1

“That’s what I mean to do if I can,” he said.
. " ‘As he started to lead her away they were con-
 fronted by J ack’s two pursuers, who_ sprang 1113011
?'him and bore him to the ground. While one plac-
< ' _ed'his weight on his legs the other tried to get at
3*” he ,boy’s neck to strangle him. Jack put up a
: desperate — but unavailing struggle again them.
Iiewasssuccumbing to superior force when out of
the bushes darted Barney. He had one of the
5 native clubs in his hands, and ‘he brought it crash-
mg down on the head of one of thecannibals.
Wow do yer like that, my covey?” cried the
.=;British~'\boy, as the savage fell like a log.
' He was about to repeat the performance on the
other when the fellow released Jack and sprang

on him, tearing the club out of his ‘hands. It i

.would 'have‘fared badly with_Ba_I‘neY 0111)’ that
".,I's;ck jumped up and went to his aid. Thevsavage
‘ roved a hard nut to managﬁfi but they b0W19d
im over 'at‘last, and not a minute too soon, for
Jack seized Edith by the arm the second crowd
gt-‘retreating cannibals appeared on the scene.
’ “We must ﬂy for our lives, ‘Barney, said Jack,
lling the girl along through the woods-

The cannibals being used to the woods and

cod runners overhauled the three fug‘itlVeS haﬁld

r hand, Jfa1.ck‘sa}:v that ltiheiy would be taken in

' ' 0. ~ .

pjte'o’fllahxd’\treltl<§' dtdg grid make the best ﬁght we

can,” he said to Barney.

ll,‘ crickey! And ve hain’t got never a club to

their ’eads vith.” -

NN i3Ai:.‘s"

As he spoke the ground gave way sudd V
beneath their feet and the three were precipitated
into a deep hole. ‘ V 

“Oh!” ﬂuttered the girl. “Where are we ?”‘ .

“We’ve fallen into some hole. Hush! ‘There.
the savages above looking down. They can’t reac
us unless they jump down, too, and I don’t be-
lieve they’ll do that,”-he whispered. .  .5.-

Looking u he could see the cannibals plain-Al
but they cou d not see their prey below.

For ﬁfteen minutes they hung about the mhuth
of the hole, and then withdrew, but whether‘ 131%
had left the spot, or had drawn back to we ‘
the hole from an ambush, Jack could not" say. .

Fumbling in his pocket he brought out" a _mai;ch
which he struck.

Right ahead-of them appeared a low tunnel tha
seemed to have been made by the hand of Nature.

“We must follow this and see where it will lead
us to.” said Jack, “for it isn’t possible for 11 '
clinfb up that hole to the surface.’.’ _ _‘

“Oh, dear, must we go that way?"»fa.l 
Edith, who trembled -at the idea of penetraﬁiig
as it were, the bowels of the earth. ‘ , l 

“You and Barney can remain here while 
ahead and investigate if you are afraid to go 

me."
The hesitated and then said she wonid
rather,-. ith him than to remain behind. .:
‘ me on," said Jack, ‘
c e earth gives way we’ll be buried alive‘,
faltered the girl as they started. '
“Better even that than to fall into the“ hands
of those cannibals,” said Jack. “But don't think
of the worst side of the case. Keep up our 
age._ I believe we’ll come out of this al ' p
His encouraging words buoyed her up andl-shy?
followed him in silence. . _
The tunnel was so small that they had to go
on their hands and work forward that way, Jack
in the lead, Edith next, and Barney bringing
the rear. .» 
The tunnel seemed an endless one to the three
fugitives, though as a matter of fact it was‘=n‘I!t
long and the end of it was reached unexpectedly
when Jack pushed his way through a mass .935
bushes and saw before him the creek where Wits

_ liams and his companions had taken to their boat

that afternoon to escape the savages. ‘ ». .

“Hurrali!” heshouted back over his shoulder.
“I’ve reached the open air at last.” i - _

He pushed his way out, and turning reached in
his hand to help Edith from the tunnel:

In a moment or two she stood beside /
thankful to have escaped from that awful under.
ground passage. Barney presently appeared’a‘nd
joined them. - 

“Vell strike me cold hif ve hain’t all right“ mince
more. Vot a blessin’ the fresh hair is vhen 
’as_ been through sich a ’ole as that! Vhy, if ‘vﬁé
hain’t corne hout close to the hocean may I nev ‘
see’ Radcliff 'Ighvay ag’in.” ~ 
f iv‘1I-know just where we are,” said Jack, cheers-

u y. _

“Vot a heye yer must ’ave. Blow me 
hain.’t a vonder." ~ "4
cannibals this afternoon.” _

“Vell, vot do yer thinkyof that?”. ‘ ~

“And the Octopus is anchored out yonder if

_“This is the creek where I escaped from ﬁg 

hasn’t slipped her anchor andsailed away.” '

 -‘ ointed inlthe direction where he had last5

the vessel, but there was no sign of her now

, gathering’ darkness. - A —

, far are we from the yacht?” asked Edith,

, anxiously in Jack’s face. ‘fI am so dis-
about my father. He and the cook were
lied, down on the floor while defending me
§a3inst'the natives when they rushed into the
' . I’m so worried lest my father was seriously
or even killed,” and the girl’s pent-up feel-

ave way to a ﬁt of weeping.

felt sorry for her and tried to comfort her

st he could. ,

4 ould form no conj

‘ﬂit rhad come out of thescrinimage, for he had
ei_i‘in the cabin. ’

5 he‘ ut his arm gently around the fair girl

‘led-I er around the shore of the creek, his’
ionbeing to regain the yacht by way of they

in shore, the course he had himself. followed
afternoon after escaping from "the pursuing
girmibals, [he asked Barney how it came about
, the was ashore. . - ’
The Britishvlad explained how he had seen

kknocked into the water 'by= the"club of one‘

ing the boat put for the shore with the two

 soners, he made uphis mind to follow and res-

theinpif possible. Reaching the beach he had
ed the—~party to the point where the struggle
place that, with his help, resulted in the

‘ can -»ofJ ck and Edith.
:. hisis he second time to-day you’ve done me-

ood turn, Barney, and you may be sure I am
 grateful to you,” replied Jack.
“Vat of it? Yer don’t s’pose I vos goin’ to let
, blackainoors make bakalo of yer hif I could
"-_~;it.' Vhen 1 takes a fancy to a cove I sticks to
,§.l’,l’1'O11g‘h thick and thin, blow me tight hit‘ I
A that moment the report of a riﬂe and two
three revolver shots rang out clear and dis-
on the night air.

 cHAP'1jER XIV.—Back to the Yacht.

party from the yacht has come ashore
‘bin for you, Miss Ashley,” said Jack. “Bar-
 v.i, you aren’t afraid to take a chance, you
, ht connect with them and let them know that

” added the young sailor as two more shots
the silence in quick succession.
‘All right, my co'vey. ‘I’ll do it,” replied the
'sl‘1‘boy, who immediately left them and van-
. into the bushes.
gaisk and Edith then hurried on their way.
hat a terrible day this has been for us all,”
~ the girl, clinging to Jack's arm.
‘Yes, it’s been rather strenuous,” he replied.
mornin Bill Bowling and myself thought
last hour ad come.” ' .,
g ‘went into all the particulars of, their ex-
’ e "e in the cannibal village, and Edith shud-
athis recital.
. oor father,” she sobbed. “Shall‘I ﬁnd him
er; we reach the yacht?”

ecture asito how her.

‘It

‘that young Englis

‘I “Oh: _I . g‘_l1€S’$"S0,’*. [answered Jack eerf >
‘You say he‘awas'knocked“ ou1:‘by'"a’ club?‘ in"
ﬁhat is‘ the only weapon the natives appear“
ave.” ‘ " » I - ~ »- ‘
“Yes.” ' . .» . - . 5
“Unless the blow fractured his skull,,which Te

us hope it didn’t,, I~dare say he h
by_th1s time. Look at me. I was knocked senseles
.t‘iV1°€% t0'day by one of those clubs, and yet I f

3 1 Tight; and my mate Bill was bowled over ‘on
b_y_the same weapon. A man’s headwas evidently
built to stand some tough knocks.” ' '

During“ their conversation they heard -several:
more Sh9tS 1,11 the direction of the cannibal village,
A period of silence then, ensued- This was. sad»;-

denly broken by a’ fresh fusillade of ‘distant pistol
Sllf(1)tS, mingledwith the ringing crack of a sing
ri e. - ‘ . '

“'_l‘here"s- quit ; ' ' 5‘ ' .
said Jack. “I’i'n thiaiilfihlglthgfdnvgoiirt beg
of that tribe. They "ought to be wiped out, for
their practices are horrible. Cannibalism: is, 9.
thlng l3ha'6.Sh011l.d be put an end to root’ and branch.
01108 the islands of the South Paciﬁc were full of

savages who followed the custom, but it has been’.-

about exterminated there now.” ,
Si that moment the lights of the yacht came in
J “1'l‘here’s your vessel yonder, Miss Ashley,” said
ac . _ , . _

. ' ‘f t I'll - t ‘ '
boat that brought this gdhrch }i‘:1YtyYovl1'h(b:ev1:hl;i1t:
weHlieg.rd, as1hﬁre.”_ ~ - v

e ' _urrie is fair companion alon th te ’
edge till he spied a dark blot close togthe?bl)avaach.r 3
‘ It proved to be a canoe.with two paddles; in

11':-ﬁe it£<iZvcrrr;<t>_;r.1ernts," said Jack, helping her’ in

Seizing one f th dd] -1 1. A
the beach. In less tghldil ﬁV:sI1'l19n3l:,less ii 311%? Egg: ..
to the side of the yacht. A man, indistinct in the’

gloom, stood by the~q_uarter deck rail. ~
Boat ahoy!” he cried, in.eager tones. '
“My father’s voice,” exclaimed Edith, with
th1‘lll‘0f joy and relief. “Father——father!”‘ sh

' cried out. ,

“Edith—my child-—thank Heaven!” said I the
man, rushing to the gangway in the waist‘ of th
little vessel. A moment later Jack passed her up
the low side of the’ yacht, and she sprang into he
fa1‘:‘li4er’% arrnis. d ' ~

‘at er, ear, ear father; ou are‘ notlb
hurt, are you?” she asked. ‘ y any

“No, I’m all right except for a splitting head.
ache,” he replied. » "

“I’ve been so worried about you.” + 7 ' V

“Have you? But think. how worried I’ve“,been
about you. Ah, young man,” turning to Jack, “I
thank you for‘ bringing my dear child» aboard. I
suppose you’ve beﬁn in trouble, too, for you and

lad were reported asvmissing‘
after the natives retreated.” ‘ .

“Yes, sir, the cannibals carried yourdaughtere
and me ashore-together." "’

“Father, it was this young man who saved me»

from the savages while they were taking mextg

their village,”
tude. at Jack

-or

said Edith, with '9. look of gr:

“Step in, Miss Ashley. I’ll put you on the yacht .’

 5I‘nd'e’ed'.' How didlyou accgmplish that feat

_Wheh you say you, too, were a prisoner in their

hands ?” asked the owner of the yacht.

/ Jack explained how he had got away from the
two cannibals who had him in charge, and then
hearing his daughter’s screams had gone at once
to her rescue. In telling what followed he gave

._much of the credit of their ultimate safety to

B y. _ .
zglrzxfe we hadn't turned up in‘ the nick of time

"your daughter and I would have been retaken and

carried to the village. In fact I was as good as
ca tured when he itched in and saved me.”
. gack then descrihed their ﬂight from the pursu-
ing natives, and how they had escaped them by
alling into a hole in the groundthat connected
with an underground water course through which

they had made their way to safety. V Hardly had

he concluded when a pi'stol‘shot sounded on the
‘water. _ ' _
" saw the dark outline of the yachts boat coming

‘Looking in the direction of the shot, they

toward the vessel. In a few moments’ she was

, alongside, and Jack saw there were six persons
; in her.
X liiian, the engineer and ﬁreman ‘whom Mr. Ashley

They were the sailing-master, one sea-

ad sent ashore to rescue his daughter, and Bill
Bowling and Barney. Bill, after reaching the

’ "shore, had gone straight to the cannibal village to

connoiter. the place and try and get a‘ line on
ck, Barney and Miss Ashley, whom he believed

‘it einatives had captured. While moving around

cautiously in the woods he had witnessed the’re-

turn of the party which had chased and failed

tocapture the you people. After watching the
village for nearly an hour he saw the yachts

,..réscue party approaching the scene and ~ joined
them to the great satisfaction’ of Mr. Camp, who

felt that his party was a small one to accom~
plish the job they were on. While investigating

,' the village their presence was discovered and the
1 savages rushed to attack them. They opened ﬁre,

and those were the first shots heard by‘ the young

V’ people on the shore. The ﬁghting was carried on
, under great difficulties in the darkness, the rescue

party being afraid to ﬁre often for fear of killing
one of their own people. .
ney joined them, and passed them the satisfactory

news that Jack and Miss Ashley were not prison— ,

ers, but making their way around to the Yachtby
western shore. Mr. Camp then ordered a re-
eat, which they made with success in the gloom
of the wood, and they regained their boat without
any serious casualties. After Mr. Ashley had
heard the story of the rescue party, he asked Mr.
Camp if he didn’t think it was the part of pru-
nce to get up steam, hoist the anchor and give
3:}; tléeir purpose of getting fresh water at that
13 an - . . . .. ' .
“This island offers special facilities for getting
water, and by keeping out armedscouts I should
‘think therisk of further trouble with the natives
would be greatly reduced,” replied Mr. Camp.
“At any rate I shall heave up the anchor and
n further off shore forthe night,” said the
wner.

I-IAPTER XV._—‘—The Treasure of the Land
, of Fire.

ack, Bill and Barney went forward with the

neer, ﬁreman and the one sailor who had
ped: injury during the battle with the natives,

Duringthe scrap Bar-’

V CANNIBALS
without learning that the owner had decided A
leave his anchorage and move off shore.- The coo
had been revived, and after a couple of hours"1:_
was beginning to attend to his customary work.
As soon as the rescue party got back he .13 “a
preparing a hasty supper for all hands... » ‘
engineer, ﬁreman and the sailorshad "a small“
dining—room forward for their own special’ use
This was situated between the galley and
small ‘forecastle where the sailors slept. The
engineer and ﬁreman had a plainly furnished
-room to themselves on the starboard side :of't e
galley, while the cook had’ one allotted to liis"‘u
on the port‘ side. The three wounded sailors wer
in their bunks when Jack and Bill Bowling was
taken into the forecastle and shown the bunksgai
their disposal. As for Barney it was arrange
that he was to occupy a shake-down in the paiitr
for the night. Half an hour later all hands; ‘
called to supper, the wounded men excepted. _,
supper the engineer was instructed to getfu
steam enough to take the yacht a quarter of
mile further off shore. When Jack saw "that pr
perations were being made to leave their presen
anchorage he thought the owner intended to leave
the island for good. ’ With theknowledgesof  ‘
chest of golden sovereigns in the sand of the so
shore he got quite excited at the prospect of ;l
ing it. So he went aft to Mr. Camp, who we
pacing the quarter deck, and told him he'd‘ iii;
to speak to Mr. Ashley on a ‘matter of greatim
portance. 1
‘ “Mr. Ashley is at supper with his daughter’
present. I dare say he’ll see you though, as he
under great obligations to you. Go right do
the companion and knock on the after cabinidoo
So Jack went down and knocked as directed.
“Come in.” called Mr. Ashley. Jack entered an;
bowed to the owner and Edit . I j I
_ “I suppose you want to see me, young man‘?
said the nabob. .
“Yes, sir, .if you will spare me a few minute
of your time. Pardon me, for disturbing yous
your supper." J H ;
‘‘Don’t mention’ it. What can I do for you?
Jack thereupon told him about the discovery
‘had made of a chest of gold coin buried, on the

_ southwestvshore of the island. Mr. Ashley and

Edith listened in great astonishment.
‘ “A chest of gold coin, you say?” said the yacht
owner. ..

“Yes, sir. I want to get it aboard, for its po’
session would mean a» wholelot to me, as well’,
my two companions, to whom I intend to give‘
portion of it if you will help me secure it. I
willing toshare with you, sir, too, in return fore,
your assistance in the matter.” ‘ p, ‘

“Thiscertainly caps the climax of your adve
tures on that island, Stedfast,” said Mr. Ash]
“I congratulate you on the discovery and prom so
you I will take it aboard“for you. As for shar
anyof it with me, I could not think of such“
thing after what you have done for my daugh
and myself. My dear girl may owe her life‘to’iyo3,i:§.
for all anyone can tell. I will make it my bus
ness to get the box of treasure aboard to—morr W;
if possible, if it can be done without _too in
risk, and I will take charge of it in your interest?

“Thank you, sir. I hastened to speak about
matter, for I_ heard thepsailing-master tell

 24

engineer to get up steam, and I thought you meant
to leave the island right away.”

“We’re going a bit further off shore for the
night, as a matter of precaution. I doubt if the
natives will make another attack on us, but it's
best to be on the safe side.”

“I think you're right, sir,” replied Jack, bowing
himself out of the cabin.

Jack, Bill and Barney put in a good night’s
rest and tumbled out on deck next morning soon
after sunrise. All hands had breakfast at seven,
and then the yacht steamed inshore to her former
anchorage, where preparations were made to take
the much needed Water aboard. '

When all was ready the boat, under command
of Mr. Camp, towed a water cask to the beach.

Jack, Barney and the sailing-master, well
armed, went ahead, while Bill, another sailor and
the cook rolled the barrel after them. .

In this order the party reached the small lake.

Leaving the men with the barrel to ﬁll it, Mr.
Camp, Jack and Barney went forward a short
distance, and stood watch at a certain distance
apart.

When the barrel was filled it was rolled down
to the boat and taken aboard.

The water was run into the tank, after which

' the men carried the barrel back to the lake.

This work was carried on till’ about noon, when
the tank was nearly full. After dinner, which was
served between one and two on this occasion, Mr.
Ashley, after a consultation with Mr. Camp, or-
dered the yacht to be brought around to a point
off the southwest shore indicated by Jack Sted-
fast. This was done and she came to anchor. The
boat was sent ashore with all hands armed as be-

fore and provided with a spade and an empty

canned goods box. .

Jack led the party to the place where the chest
of gold lay buried. '

' Brushing the upper covering of sand aside he
exposed the treasure to the astonished gaze of
those present. ‘ .

Jack, Bill and Barney stood guard while the
box was dug up and a portion of its contents
transferred to the canned goods box.

Both boxes were then carried to the boat and
all hands then re-embarked for the yacht. The
two boxes of English sovereigns were then car-
ried into the cabin and turned over to Mr. Ashley.

In the presence of Jack and his daughter he
counted the money and it footed up £50,000, equiv-
alent to nearly a quarter of a million in American

‘current coin.

“Allow me to congratulate you, Stedfast, on
having acquired a fortune in a most unusual
way,” said Mr. Ashley.

“Thank you, sir; and it is very kind of you to
assist me in getting possession of it,” said Jack.

“Not at all. I would do much more for you in
recognition of your services to my daughter. Now
that you are so well provided for I suppose I can
hardly expect you to ship with me any further
than our first port. Sidney, Australia.”

“The money won't make any difference with me.
I shall be glad to continue aboard until you re-
turn to New York.”

“Very well. I shall be glad to have you; but I
$ink after the three men who were wounded re-

cm to their duty I will make you second oﬂicer,

CAUGHT BY_ CANNIBALS
,5 .

and have you berth in the cabin with Mr. Camp”

and ourselves.”

That arrangement was carried into eﬁect a
week later, and Jack was transferred from the
forecastle to the cabin, where he had every op-
portunity to get acquainted with Edith.

In due time the yacht reached Sydney. The
yacht took in various portsenroute to Calcutta,
where she stopped for a week. »

Thence they steamed for the city of Bombay,-

on the western side of the Indian peninsula,
stopping enroute at Colombo, Ceylon.

From Bombay they went across the Arabian
(szea to the Gulf of Aden, and up the Red Sea to

a.11'0.

Leaving that point, after a visit to the Holy
Land by Mr. Ashley, his daughter and Jack, the
yacht entered the Mediterranean, stopped at dif-
ferent places, during which the owner, Edith and
Jack spent a week at Rome, and finally reached
Gibraltar.

Thence the yacht proceeded to London. ,

_During the long trip Jack had had many talks
-with Barney, with a view of mending that lad's
crooked ways.

On his solemn promise to reform and become a
worthy lad, Jack said he would take him to New
York and deposit the sum of $25,000 to his credit‘
in some trust company. ’

After a month spent in the English capital and
cruising about the British isles the Electra re-
turned to New York. The day after her arrival‘
Jack presented Bill Bowling with a certiﬁcate of
deposit on a trust company for $25.000 and the
old salt declared he was now well ﬁxed for life
and would give up the sea for good.

After taking leave of Mr. Ashley and Edith,
between whom and himself there now existed a

strong bond of attachment, Jack started for his

native village where he was, of course, received"
with open arms by his mother and sister. Jack,
now strong and robust, took up civil engineering,
and eventually became an expert, but with that"
this story has nothing to do.

He is now a man of middle age, wealthy and
one of the foremost men in his profession, but
he always blesses that unlucky combination of

misfortunes, for he says it provided him with the '

most charming little wife in the world, whom he
met as Edith Ashley when captured by the Can-
nibals in the land of ﬁre.

Next week issue will contain “THE LITTLE
OPERATOR: OR. CORNERING THE ‘BEARS’
OF WALL STREET.” .

Bel Detective

Make Secret Investigations

Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.
Fascinating work. Excellent opportu-
nity. Experience unnecessary. Partic-
ulars free. Write:

GEORGE R. WAGNER
Detective Training Depa/rtment
2190 Broadway, New York!

_..

«-my

 

 

 seizing N‘e1lie’s wrists.

‘FAME’ AND Foams wEE’i:LY  , " T  

MONARCH No. 4
“_ A or
The Boy Firemen of Fairdale

By Gaston Game

‘I

(“A Serial Story.)

CHAPTE1/2 XVIII. __
A Dastardly Deed.

‘Dugdale had taken a swift glance about before

He had not seen Will

Norton in the shadows. He believed himself un-
bserved. T

Butithe next moment, and just as Nellie’s
scream rose upon the evening air, something
truck him behind ~the ear, and he went reeling
some yards away. _ i
His head whirled like a to , and it was some
onients before he could col ect himself. Then
‘he looked about he saw .Wil1 Norton standing
ngrily before him. .

 “What do you mean, you young scoundrel!” '

ried the boy ﬁreman.
over to the police.”
; Nellie 'Wade, with a little cry of joy and relief,
clung to Will’s arm. For a moment bitter hate
id vengeful fury shone in young Dugdale’s eyes.
. But he was a coward. "
He had not the courage to dispute the pﬁnt
iuther with Will Norton. He backed away

“-Be off before I turn you

lowly and hurled foul epithets at the young ﬁre-'

, ‘fYou’ll pay for this!” he hissed. .. “My father
will make beggars of you. V You'll be glad to come
fa me and beg mercy of me yet.”
‘Will turned. to Nellie and said; '
“Were you going to my house, Nellie?” _
,Yes,'.’ replied the young girl. “Mamma is
there and waiting for me. That fellow will not
gpersecute me further if he is wise.”
G

(That is. right,” declared the young ﬁreman.

’ll break every bone in his body.” W
“I fairly loathe him!” , , ' 
‘He is certainly a conceited young scamp! ’But

“must tell you that I saw your father today, Nel-
-11

With this Will told all the incidents of the day.
tﬁwas‘ a pleasant walk with Nellie Wade upon
"is—arni,' and Will was sorry when it was over,
lid they reached the gate at last. .

Mrs‘. Wade, who spent some hours each day

th Mrs. Norton, wasywaiting for Nellie. They

uld then-have taken their leave, but Mrs. Nor-
 Ii insisted that they should remain to the eve-
rig meal. '

f‘Will will accompany you to the hotel,” she

.1-,hus pressed,  remained. a It was _a
pleasure to Will,V§£or every moment spent in

‘escape.

T , atthe

I . .
the possibility of Mr. Wade's release from
on bail. The prospect was certainly a joyful "9 ,
“Papa can do much to clear himself of. th
charge of forgery if he gets out,” said Nelli . -*
“He will certainly do it,” said Mrs. Wade with
supreme conﬁdence in her husband. “He alway"
wins against troub1e.” , g ..
It was a pleasant evening that they spent in
the humble little cottage. When it came time if it
them to go=Will accompanied them to their qua?»
ters at the hotel. ' ’ —.
Then the young ﬁremen decided to go down i ,
the engine-house before going back home. so he
turned his footsteps thither. .'
All members of the company carried a ke
admit them to the engine-house at night. en’,
Will reached the door he unlockedit and stepped
in. * - - _ , ' 2 * *
He struck a match and lighted the gas. H
walked across the ﬂoor and glanced at the

. gine. .

As he did so it struck him forcefully thatsom
thing was wrong. He drew nearer, and insti
tively placed his hand ‘on the powerful and long
rope used to draw the engine by hand. » 2

A startling discbverygwas. made. ‘ ‘
severed in half a hundred places. , ‘
had ‘severed the strands, and there was no we
of drawing the engine to a ﬁre had an alarm 
given.

- Astounded and horriﬁed, Will
turned his attention to_the engine. A‘

He was dumfounded to discovei that the pum
ing valves had been removed. The enginewas
useless without them. ‘

For a moment the discovery appalled the youn
ﬁreman, and he felt acold sweat break out upon

im. . ~

What foul plot was afoot now? .Who had -done‘
thisﬁendish thing, and what was the motive?
Was it possible that some new incendiary sch.
was afoot? W . * T

For a moment Will felt weak in the knees.:
lighted a lantern hastily and then made a sea
of the engine_—house. . i .. . ;

The miscreant, whoever he was_, had made his

But one thing puzzled W611]. _. " "‘
How had he madehis entrance.,» The windows
were tight There was no means of ingress otlie
than the cor. ’ . _r

That had beenlocked and_onl'y the memb
of tlie company had keys. Will could not beii
that, this was the work of any member of thg.
company. He sat down upon a chair and tried to
think. T ‘ e  -

Then as the horror of the thing dawned 1113031
him, and he reﬂected upon the consequences
should an alarm sound at that moment, he spra
up, ‘ ,. _ .,

New rope must be procured. The engine ‘\?al_ I
must be replaced.. There ‘mustbe no time lost.’

With feverish haste he rushed from the eng , ,
house, closing the door behind him and 
it. He sped to the home of the assistant fore»
man, Jack Craven. , ‘

He aroused Craven quickly and called him.’
the door. ‘

' “Jack!” he whispered excitedly,‘“I want i 

Norton H 

help‘ at once. Villainy is afoot. Some_scou

has cut the ropes and removed the engine
ﬁre—house _ is T  "

 ‘ house.

7 conviction.

. with the valve.

was tovsecure a new rope.

‘« FAME AND i~oi:-rm: 

I

“Mysoul!” exclaimed Craven. “Whose work

can it be?" ‘

"I don’t know.”
“But I was last to leave the engine-house.

:i)‘i‘e‘in’t' you ﬁnd the door locked?”

did

,l“Wait‘ an I get my coat on, Will, and 1'11 be .
with you.”

It was but a few moments later that the two
ﬁremen were on their way»-back to the engine-
, When they arrived there Will showed
Jack what had been done. _

. Craven was astonished and angry.
;“There is only one man could have done this

"thing,” he cried, “and while he is not now a mem-

er of this company, he has a key.”
“Who is that?” asked Will.
-“Young Dugdale. He is just cur enough to do

;a trick like this.”

-“Clinton Dugdale!” gasped Will, with sudden
“But we can't prove it, Jack.”
“N3, more’s the pity. But he is the chap, be
«sure.
‘ “Well,” said Will, “we must make repairs as
quickly as~we can. If an alarm should sound
Monarch No. 4 would be out of it.” I
“That's right,” cried Craven. “Fortunately
here’s a spare valve upstairs which I can ﬁnd
and put in myself. Then we will try and arouse
Mr, Easter, the rope walk owner, and get a new
ro

p ,. ,
" Craven sped upstairs and presentlv reappeared
‘ Then with Will’s aid, he set to
ork to put it in. .
‘When this task was completed, the ‘next thing
Will and Craven now
locked up the engine—house and made their way

to the residence of Mr. Foster, who owned the
_:rope walk in another part of the town.

.It was an hour before the_two ﬁremen returned,
lugging the heavy rope. They were almost ex-
aiisted.
. .But they wasted no time. Hurriedly they laid

;out the rope and connected it with the engine.
’ , Thfnffor the ﬁrst time Will drew a deep breath
‘of re ie .

«“Whew!” he exclaimed. “We have done it,
Jack. We've headed off the alarm. If it sounds

now, Monarch No. 4 is ready.”

The words hadhardly escaped Will’s lips when

‘the assistant foreman sprang up. The electric

nnunciator began to buz and turned up‘ the num-

ber of the box where the alarm was sounded.

At the same moment the ﬁre-bells pealed out
uriously. _ _

“Fire!” cried Will.‘ ~ -

Clangi clang! clang!

.But Monarch No. 4 was ready.

/\

CHAPTlElR XIX.
The Burning of the Prison.

Will and Craven had ﬁnished their job none too
poon. With the first sounding of the alarm Will
noted the number on the electric dial.

“Number fourteen!” he cried. “That is the
county jail, Jack!” . -

“Why. that’s so!” cried Craven, with a start.

;*I)omyou suppose it is the jail itselfthat is’ on
be . s .

biz, guessnot. It isalmost ﬁreproof.‘

By this time the ‘boys of Monarch No. 4 ,
rushing in. It did not take lpng to mn.Wm
rope‘ and get the engine under way. ' ' T

Away went the ﬁre compay on the mad j
It was fully-half a mile to the prison, but it

not many minutes before.Monarch No. 4 came

sigiitdof it. .
n a great cry went u . - .
“The jail is ‘on ﬁre!” P ~
This was true." Smoke and ﬂames were seen to
be. bursting from the lower story of the big
prison. ~ _
Will Norton knew well that there were half
hundred prisoners locked in their cells in -that
great stone building. Even if the flames shoul
not reach them, they might meet death from suf-‘V
focation. "
Among them were Clifford and his pals. and
£{[r.1Wade. The thought caused Wil1’s nerves ‘
me: e. "
Monarch No. 4,. in spite ‘of the treacherous plot;
to prevent it, was one of the ﬁrst companies at
the ﬁre. ~» ‘
Very quickly a line of hose was run out audit‘
stream got upon the ﬂames. Chief Hogan no
appeared on the scene, and the hook and ladder‘
truck came up. "
Will had been waitingnfor the latter. ‘He. ,
not yet assured that the‘ prisoners were all 0
of the building. He said that the turnkeys ha
appeared with a few of them. . .
Satisﬁed that there were others in the build
ing, Will left things in charge of Craven, 
then made his way to the rear of the jail. ..
He found to his surprise that the rear door
was wide open. No person was in sight. ‘_ -V '
“That is queer!” muttered the young ﬁreman.
“There is ‘something wrong here.” . T *

‘Without hesitation Will entered and proceeded
to make his way through a-dark corridor. Thar
was some smoke in it. but he kept onand reach’ ‘
winding stairs. r ’

Without hesitation he s rang up these. In .
few moments he was on t e landing and in til"
ﬁrst ‘gallery or tier of cells. _ l -

’ Smoke was below and rolling .up.in eat yo
unies to the dome of the bui ding. ill coir!
see that it would be but a very few moments ‘be
fore the cells would be ﬁlled with it. .  ‘

The young ﬁreman made his way ra idly 
the gallery. He saw that the cell oars’ Tr ‘
wide open on that side of the prison. .

1l13udt heheard a voice on the other side wha
ca e : - ., s,

“Help! Help! Are you going to let a/‘ma
roast. in this infernal .trap?_”

“Mr. Wade!” shouted Will.
will save you!” - _ ‘ _ _ A 

Will traversed the bridge to the opposite al
lery with a few bounds. He_ saw Mr. Wa
facepressed to the grating of his _cell.door. ‘ C

“Will!” cried the Californian with joy. ‘‘‘'I' _
heaven, youare here! I thought I was doomed.
to be roasted "in this place.” _’ g ',

"Not if I can get you out!” cried the boy ﬁre-
man. “But where are the rest of the prisoners?’

“All out.” declared Wade. “It’s a regular '5
delivery, Will. There is treachery at Work here

While Will worked at he lock with his
man's axe, the California told his'_ story; and
was a thrilling one. i .   » '

(To be continued.

_ “I am here!

  

 

,._ ,.r

*4?

., av

 

~ 7'Fame and Fortune it Weekly

" " NEW YORK, MAY 20, 1927~ .

WJTERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

~8lngle Copies . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . ..Posta ls‘ ' 8 t

_ One Copy '1‘_hree..Monfhs . . . . . . .. “ ge {Fe 1.00 can 5
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . . .. “ " 2_0o
.0116. Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . .. “ “ 4,00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00

HOW‘ TO SEND MONEY——At our risk send P. 0.

V ‘Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances

in any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
Stamps the same as cash. When sending silver wrap
the Loin In a so arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. Vi rite your name and address plainly.
Address letters to
WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
140 Cedar Street, New York City.

FRED KNIGHT, Pres. and Treas.
B. “I. MAKE, Vice-Pres. and Sec.

I INTERESTING ARTICLES.

_.JAYWALKERS LOSE RIGHTS IN PARIS

J aywalkers have lost their rights in Paris. The
public prosecutor, in a recent case, argued that
pedestrians are part of the trafﬁc. The case Went
up through the lower Courts with the decision
changing back and forth. but the highest Court

has rufepd against the pedestrian and imposed a

ﬁne of one franc (about four cents). 0

' .THREE—WHEELED CARS ARE TRIED IN
- - RACE

Automobiles built bicycle.-fashion, with only
three wheels, have been used in Germany for taxi-
cab and private‘ service and have recently appear-
ed in racing circles. A car of this type recently
won a six-day motortrial event in Scotland.

H A SOME REASONS WHY TIRES WEAR OUT

: Tirespon the right wheels of a car wear faster

. than those on the left wheels because the car is
driven at the right side of the road, where the
right side tires come into contact with ruts, debris
and the curbing of the road. Another reason is
that because of the camber, or the slope of the

’road toward the gutter, the right tires bear most
of the car’s weight. Constant grinding and slid-
ing in the loose debris cause more wear on the
tires which pass through it. The left—hand tires
are almost always near the center, the part of the
road most traveled.

 

KEEP A CASUAL WATCH FOR LEAKS
At this season of the year it is well to stop

4 small leaks in the cooling system the moment they

'appear. A slow leak in the radiator, which may
'have been developed since it was last ﬁlled, may

cause serious inconvenience and great harm dur-
Jing freezing weather. Keep a casual_Watch tor
‘an leaks, not only in the radiator, but _1n the hose
gconnections and the water pump pacdlng glands-

Everv time the hood is lifted, note whether the
[hose ‘connections and the 2‘la.nds are tight. As a
"rule," hose connection" leaks can be stopped by
,tightening the hose clamps, and gland leaks may

' “-'be remedied by turning‘ up the gland nuts, unless

the packing is worn out and must be replaced.

H FIQME‘ AND Fo15§*rIiNE'wEEi<LY

27
RADIO WILL RUSH NEWS OF MOON
ECLIPSE FROM CANADA

Radio ‘will be employed by the Royal Canadian
Mounted Police to send observations of the eclipse
of the moon to be taken for Harvard University
in the early morning of June 15 at Baker Lake,
‘in the Northwest Territory. This lake in the Far
"North lies 150 miles west of the post of the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police at Chesterﬁeld Inlet,
Hudson’s Bay. Director R. Meldrum Stewart of
the Dominion Observatory at Ottawa has received
a communication from Harvard astronomers ask-

ing if it would be possible to obtain these observa- _

tions.

It «would be any arduous journey for the
“mounties,” but oﬂicials are inclined to think they
would make it in the interest of science if word
could be sent to the post at Chesterﬁeld Inlet. The
only means would be by radio, and it is expected
the university will obtain the co-operation of one
of the large broadcasting stations to send the
message, which would be received bothrat the In-
let and at Fort Norman.

LAUGHS

. HOW ABOUT HOSE?
She was just a gardener’s daughter, but she
knew all the rakes.

 

———Denison Flamingo.

Jim: Why don’t you go home?

Will: My wife's mad at me and locked me out.

Jim: What's she mad about? .

Will: Because I don’t come home.
' . —Goblin. .

‘ SHOCKING .
What if she was only an electrician’s daughter
—she sure was a live wire!
' Cincinnati Cynic

WHY, HENRY W.!

“How do you know Evangeline was the first
wicked poem in America?”

“Why, doesn’t Longfellow say, ‘This is the
forest prime evil?’ "' _

' --Illinois Siren.

NEVER MIND ME .

Freddy returned to his Iowa home from college
during a wet spell. As he paraded the village
sidewalks he noticed a hat lying in the mud of
the street. He picked it up, found a man’s‘ head

‘ beneath it and endeavored to help him out.

The mired one spoke: “Never mind me. I’m on
horseback.”

——Ames Green Gander.

HELP!

Bricker (trying to redeem himself): Well, at
least she could dance. couldn’t she?

Bricked: Dance? Say—it was like helping an
old lady across Fifth avenue in the middle of the
block. —-Annapolis Log.

IN A CAFE
Clarice: Look at that striking young waiter.
Babette: Tres chic, n’est-ce pas?
Clarice:' Tray sheik is right. .1 V
——Stanford Chaparrel.

\x

 

     
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
    

 if iToin_ And His Camera

., Tom Gale was the happiest boy in Brooklyn on
the morning of June 5th, when his father handed
’ him a pretty little amateur photograph camera as
a birthday present, for the boy was sixteen years
old that day.

"(It was just what Tom had been wishing for dur-
ing the past several months, for the boyslin his
street all had either bicycles, ponies, tennis out-
fits, footballs, and other things with which to
‘ amuse themselves when they came home from
school, and he had nothing of the kind.

,There was a little pamphlet to the camera box

‘which explained how to take portraits and land-
'scape views, which Tom studied very carefully
and after a few days’ practice, he masterd the art
V of making pictures, and turned out some very fair
work. _ '
"Now throughout all his experiences, it never
once occurred to Tom that it was necessary to
have a permit to use his camera in Prospect Park
 an incident occurred that brought it ,to his
min .

:~ He just planted his tripod one sunny afternoon,
in’ the vicinity of the Parade ground, to take a
snap-shot at a corner of the lake, in which some
‘swans were swimming along, when out of the
_ ‘ gas came a policeman. '
 ee here, young feller,” said he, approaching
»the startled boy, “have
pictures in this park?”

' "‘No," replied Tom, with a start and a changing
Lof color, as his ﬁngers involuntarily closed over
the tripod -of his camera. _

..“I thought not,” said the officer, in satisﬁed
. tones. “I’ll have to arrest——-” ‘
’ ; ‘But before he had fairly begun speakingi Tom

snatched uﬂ his camera and away he ran ike a
streak, wit horrible visions of prison straing him
in the face to lendspeed to his legs. '

‘ The policeman was very fat, and of course
(could not,run so swiftly as Tom, thereby giving
v the boy a great advantage. , _

'x‘_,!.He soon left the panting and puifing oﬂicer far
the rear, and dodging in toward the lake as he
saw another policeman ahead, he glided toward an
‘open rustle summerhouse on the water's edge.
i"It looked like a good place to hide until the two
policemen went away, but as he drew near it he
saw two men inside who were standing with their
backs turned toward him, earnestly talking.

E”

you got a license to take

   
   
  
   
  
  
  
 

   

  

than the,other.
-The youngest had a smooth face and was about
‘ thirty years old, while the other was evidently ten
..years older, and although he wore no mustache or
"heard, he had side whiskers as dark as his hair.
,The hidden boy would not have paid much at-
ention to ‘the two men had it not been for the
iiigular fact that one was blind in the right eye.
the loss of his optic being remedied by wearing a
taring glass eye.
v-As the boy noticedthis deformity he also saw
hat the two men were very angry at each other,
'1id as their voices arose _to a; pitch of fury he
heard the elder man exclaim: . ' .
“Jasper Stafford, although you are my step-
I t your gambling debt to me

  

  

   

  

  

.FA1lVIE,Al\iTl) FORTUNE WEEKLY A

Both were dressed plainly, and one was older -.

and counted. - - , ,
3 The gloomy weather necessitated a longer ox

 

   
  
     

as if I were a stranger. I hold your note for "ﬁve '
hundred dollars which you lost to me in'Murphy'3
poker room,_and as I am hard pressed for funds}
want you to pay up. Refuse, and I swear that I“
will take the note to your father, expose your
depraviy, and swear to sue you for the amount."

“Roger Priestly,” cried the young man, hoarse-_,
ly, as he sprang up with pale cheeks and ﬂashing
eyes, “would you be guilty of such accursed mean-
ness as that?‘ Would you disgrace me forever,
knowing as you know how my father detests all i
vices and believes I am an exemplary young man, '
studying, as I am, for the ministry?” ‘

“I am desperate," replied Priestly, in unmoved I
tones. “I must have money. I shall not hesitat .,
over the means I take to get it.” -« _

“But I tell you again I have not got it, and’ I
implore you to wait until I can borrow it frolic“?
father,” said Stafford. “He is a rich man, but I‘
have recently borrowed so much he may question"
me, and I cannot lie. Have mercy, I beseech you‘,
Roger, and do not forget that I never did a wrong i
act in my life until you brought me to that gami-
bling house and induced me to play for money,
xhen the fatal fascination for cards overwhelmed

e. v — . .

  
   
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
    

vanished, he left his overcoat, and went over tire‘
fen_ce of the park, making his escape Without the
policeman seeing him, and then hurried home. ‘
One of his neighbors owned a cat-boat which
was kept in Jamaica Bay, and when ,Saturday
afternoon came. Tom went down .to the shore, ‘to,
take a sail with his friend.‘ ; -‘
There were some pretty views to be secured.
there, the boy"assured_him, so Tom carried ’l1is=
camera along, _with his lunch .and ﬁshing‘ tackle;
assured of having a ﬁne day's sport. * I I
‘Unfortunately, though, the prospect of taking
pictures became a matter of doubt, as the sky
was threatening all 'the‘aftei-noon. e »
While Tom’s friend went out on the catéboé,
in a skiif to shake out the furl of the sail and
get up the an_chor, Tom strolled off with his:
camera to get a water view, before the sky be-
came any darker, and thus would spoil all posi.-x’
sibility of any picture after all. - ‘
_ He saw a ﬂoat moored amid the reeds, at mi.
isolated spot opposite the old steamboat. channel"
that ran from Canarsie, and planted his tripod‘ in»
the reeds, in back of it. ‘ ‘ ~ . i
From there he had a magniﬁcent view‘ of the
bay, down so far as Rockaway bar, and the for
ground of the picture taking in the old abandoned
ﬂoat, would break the‘ monotony of the water"
scene, and lend attractiveness to the picture.’ " '
Having gained a good focus, he swung open th
ground glass, slipped his plate-holder in th
notches, and drew out the slide. , I
He then grasped the cap» pulled it off the len

     
      
  
  

   
  
      
  

  
  
        
    
 
     
     
    

   
   

posure than usual, and when he had timed it ,
rectly by his watch he capped the lens again
shoved in the slide over the plate, and was just '
the act of taking out the holder, when he he "
a loud noise‘. , —, « ~'
Glancing up hastily, he saw.tl_ie»crouchi'ng'
ofa Inango rus A’ thr ‘til’ 4 I 

o
O

    
       
     
 
  

  
 

     

  
 
    

 
 
    

tame away. .

",Tom was mystified over the man's strange ac-

vn

   

        

   

_,',Then he swept a keenglance around _and ob-
served something which he had not noticed _be-
fore.’ ‘ It was the drenched body of a man lying
.. upon the ﬂoat.
~ ._ With his curiosity aroused over the matter Tom
1 made his way toward the ﬂoat, when upon coming
’_.to the trail made by the. man who ran away
through the tall grass, he saw a‘ gold watch and
. chain lying in the mud and picked them up.
' ~ Considering himself lucky over the ﬁnd, he con-
tinued on to the ﬂoat, and reaching the prostrate
 man he ‘bent over him,_ peered in his face, and then
‘started up with a terriﬁed cry. ._
 “The man is dead!” was Tomfs frantic e3acula-

on. .
The body was drenched—as if it had just come
out of the water, and the boy made the startling
discovery that themanowas the youngestof the
two-—-Jasper Staﬂ"ord——whom he had heard quar-
reling . with Roger: Priestly. in the Prospect Park
rustic house!

   
    
   
  
     
   
   
   
      
  
    
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
  

  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
     

 

from‘ the shock,. and he was just about to hurry

,,39.way from the spot, when he heard a footstep

ally:

P “Was just passing, saw thisfellow, and came
to seewhat the trouble was? Fall overboard?
Friend of yours?_ What_are you doing with that
handsome watch in your nand?”

Before Tom could reply the man peered at the
recumbent form quite sharply, and then burst out
with: ~ A
“Jerusalem! The man is dead! There are ugly
ﬁnger marks on his throat, as if he'd been
strangled. Then, he’s been immersed, too. Lord,
and “see, his watch-chain has been riped out of his
west button hole! See here, sonny, is that your
' watch?”

“No!” trembling replied Tom, turning pale in
the face. .

«"1-low» did this happen?” _

‘ >"‘I’m sure I can't tell you, sir.”

  
 
    
  

  

are my prisoner.”
i.Poor Tom was marched off to the prison cell.

  
  

arrest, called upon him, and closely questioned
luiin, when Tom explained how it happened that
he came to be near the ﬂoat, how he saw the man
stealing away, how he found the watch, and how
héthen not only discovered the dead man, but saw
tliatihe was a person whom he had met before,
, — under peculiar circumstances. V

X 5A few more questions passed, and then he went
away without saying a word, and hunted up Roger
Priestly. » « V
4 .,He found that gentleman at home, in a fashion-
able house on a stylish street, and being ushered
into the parlor, he asked, him: 4 _
' Where were you on Saturday a_fterno_on?”

!‘In New York,” promptly-replied Priestly.
‘-=’?3*:.‘AfCi1n«you prove it?’ *7 V

  
        
   
  
          
    
     
  

    
  
 

    

  

4

  

sappear behind an old boat—house a short dis- I

his company all day Saturday. " '

jltoccupied several moments for Tom to recovery

behind him, and turningaround, he beheld ‘alman. -
.."«He"looked like a plain citizen, but it happened:
that he was, a detective, and he said, apologetic--w I

‘ within half an hour izhedetective came backwith

,.“Humph! Very likely. This is almurder. You 7

-That afternoon the detective, whocaused ‘his V‘

I, detective.

     

I ‘ K -.

.~Priestly looked startled, and qucstioiiedthe " ,_
tective, whereupon’ the man told him that Staﬂord
was murdered, and that suspicion rested .upo‘ﬁ
him (Priestly). V , ~, 
With many expressions of grief, horror and
amazement the man brought the detective to New
York, and proved by a friend that he had been in

  

On _,the following night he shadowed Priestly td
a noted gambling den in New York and saw him
enter the proprietor’s private oﬂice. ' c "
It opened on the hall, and the detective listene
outside the door. , ,
“I have come to pay you the ﬁve hundred I owe
you,” he heard Priestly say. “Here is a note signe
by my brother covering the amount.” ' ' V
"‘But now he is dead, who will pay it'.’” . /
“My step-father—it is drawn against him. Just
state that it was a gambling debt, and to hush up
the disgrace on his dead son’s name he 'wo1t’t‘
hesitate long about paying up.” 
- .The detective began to imagine that Tom 
was an innocent boy, and that»Priestly knew»~r‘nor '
about Staﬂ’ord’s.death than he would confess. _-
With this, impression on his. mind, and a new
idea with it, he returned to Tom-’s prison withthe
boy's camera, and said: ‘ 
“-See here, wasn't you photographing the_, f,
where the crime was coinmited a momentb:
yousaw Stafford. lying on the ﬂoat?’ .  
“Yes, I took a picture,” asserted Tom, anxious.’-

 

:‘And-t_ negative is yet in the plate holder‘!

‘:Ce,rta1n y,_s1r, unless some one took it out.” i
I "one touched it. Now can you develop th
p a e . V ,
Zgery easily.” ' g

0 so. ».

Tomenumerated all the things he needed, and;

them, and was locked in the cell with the boy. , '

It was darkened, a ruby light was lit, and then:
Tom took the plate out of the holder and keenly
watched by the lynx-eyed’ detective, in the deep
gloom of the cell, he developed the plate. _

The scene on the plate showed a lowering sky
over the placid Waters of the bay, while kneel' '
on the ﬂoat was Roger Priestly, dripping-.w
pulling the body of Jasper Stafford out of the
water! ~ "  '

[The detective took the things out of Tom's cell,
and with the precious plate in his hands he hurried

   

  

   
 
     
  

       
     

away. .
That night he met Priestly in his house again.
and snapping a pair of handcuﬁs on hiswrists,
the [detective exclaimed: ‘ ‘
“» arrest you for the murder of our ste
brother, Priestly!” y ' P.
“Eh? What!” gasped t-he startled man, turning
deathly pale.
/‘Look at’ this evidence of your guilt!" said the‘
officer. ,
He held the negative up to the light. 
But one glance Priestly cast upon it, andwitha
moan he fainted. ”
When he recovered consciousness he was .
prison. Then he weakened and confessed all to the '

o'_

  

Thus; it was that Priestly paid the penaltytf,
his crime and Tom was released. ‘ _' V

 

 l;CURl§ENT*'Nl5fVVS.     I 1 A as

I HORSES TO CARRY KITCHENS

‘itclfienettes that can be carried on horseback
”' been“adopt‘ed bythe War Department for
"_ ng hot food to calvarymen aﬁeld. Weighin
’ ‘ 200 pounds, they can be folded and packe
in , 'rty~ seconds. One kitchenette serves a full
” trength troop. ‘

ALLS 200 FEET ON SOFT SNOW

~'1‘ sed from a swinging aerial tramway bucket,

_n_-Higley, thirt —eight, a miner, fell 200 feet

a‘ snowbank a.n will live, hospital attaches in

gham, Utah, say. Higle was going from a

mineyto thejreducing plant 0 the Utah-Delaware

i§iine'-_wlien- the bucket began swaying and pitched
in: out head’ foremost.

‘C sriéip CAUSES PROTESTS IN CHINA

ction of a leading Peking English language’

gspaper in introducing an American “comic
1)" has caused a ﬂood of letters pro and con.
Most of~ the ,“tnti” letters voice the View ‘that
Bering hasbeen one of the few real intellectual
’ tors left in the world. One despairing reader
0111 ks -dolefully, “I had thought I was living in

~ .1

_e lized community.”
1» FRANCE EVERYTHING HONKS BUT
 - AUTO "

The honk of an automobile horn in rseilles,
‘F an/ce, warns against anything but a automo-

rtually all the motor cars have the modern

’ ejof mechanical noise producers, while the old- '

thioned hand-worked horns now are used on
cycles, horse-drawn carriages, street cars and

motor’ boats. '

~J'EI:aECTRIC SHOCK FOR AUTO THIEF
. URGED

the matter of locks and other safety devices‘

humerous “bright ideas” have been brought out.
came have suggested that it would ‘be advisable

‘r.”remove the steering wheel before an owner

’ ’ ‘ ' Electrifica-

‘ estion from one of a mechanical turn of

 I was to place a bell in the car in such a man-
‘eritliat it would sound an alarm when a visitor
‘her than the owner's friend sat in the driver’s

QANY BRITISH FIRMS ACQUIRE QUEER
V I NAMES I

More unusual and curious names for companies
e registered in England during the past year’
, iously, according to registration statistics
adepublic here recently. V»'_ _ -
«The most curious name registered in 1926 was
5; Baths. and Requisites, Ltd._” This company
as formed. to conduct hairdressing saloons, baths
toilet rooms for dogs of the ultra-ricn. Other
es included, “Uncles, I.td.,” “King Soal, Ltd.,”
rtuous Lady Mining Co.,” “Mrs. Brown's _Lit—
Tea éghaop Lunches Too, Ltd.,” and “Little

BABY SAILS SEAS FOR A NEW HOME,

Some day when Margaret Ann is bi .enox_i.
for questions, and asks her mother: “ here
you get me?” the mother, who as yet has not. see
Margaret’ Ann,- will tell her: ‘ __ ’

‘ You came on a shining white ship, sailing,»

sailing across the shining blue water.”

And that will be the truth, for Baby Margaret»:
Ann, seven weeks old, caring‘ not about '.s11(!lt‘-

things, as parentage, real, accidental, or by choice». 

—was delivered to the nurse aboard the trans
Paciﬁc liner President Madison, and “consigned
to Mr. and Mrs. H  Cameron,» Shanghai, “f

adoption. E, _ _ « .

PEDESTRIANS WARNED OF CROSSING,
,_ DANGER 3 ,-
Pedestrians shouldn't walk behind cars_ tha
have stopped at street intersections to‘ await th
change in signals. -Many motorists halt their cars‘:
directly in the path of people wanting to cross -th
street. Some.folk then start_to pass ‘behind them.
In the meantime, motor vehicle operators,,seein
their machines are blocking the path, start '
back _up a, few feet, endangering persons who ar
walking behind the cars. This occurs, every hour
in the day, believes the National Safety Council,
which sounds the warning and urges auto driv rd"
to try to stop ere reaching the intersectionw .

MOTOR COACHES TO REPLACE TROLLEYS"
ALONG SOUND IF COMMISSION
’ APPROVES .
Abandonment of trolleys and installation 0"
motor‘ coaches throughout Southern Connection
and ‘C11? UIJP81‘ Sound part of Westchester Co. n_
N. Y., is sought in petitions which the New or ‘
New Haven and Hartford Railroad and the Con
necticut company are preparing to ﬁle wit th
Public Utility‘Commission in Hartford. I
Everett S. Miller. President of the New Yor
and Stamford Railway, who disclosed «that the
petitions were to be'ﬁled, described the action 8.
“the direct result of negotiations initiated nearl" 

’ a year ago bycthe Traﬂic Committee ofthe Gr

wich ‘Chamber of Commerce through Harry. -
Nada, Secretary of the chamber.  I » .
“The New ‘York and Stamford uses an inter-
state trolley system, which in part of its territory
leases and operates lines owned by the petitioning
companies.” lt is understood‘that if the petition
are granted these com anies will cancel their
present leasesgwith the ew York and 'St'amfond
and release, their right of way to it for motocré
coach routes. I -': ~ 
Among the cities and towns where busses will
be used’ if authorized by the Connecticut connnilsa
sion ‘are Port Chester, N. Y., Greenwich an
Stamford; _ , . ‘
Abandonment of the old service and substifm
tion of the new can be accomplished in ‘a 
weeks without any interruption of sche‘.lule‘,*
Miller said.’ ' - v’ ' :
Sunday the trolley lines in Port Chestefvtdllz
abandoned and a. ﬂeet of. busses, installed,

   
  

 
 
  
   
    

E’-FINGERPRINTS ON AU T0 PERMITS
..One of the most important features of the new
g fate motor vehicle act of Pennsylvania provides
that “ever applicant for such license shall fur—
‘ish, with his application a. set of his ﬁngerprints
8n'd_Vtw'_o photographs.” ‘ ’

  
  
    
   
  
 
   
  
  
    
   
       
      
    
 
      
      
   

NEW VVEGETABLEHTRIED our 

the West this year.
re, but for manv years has been successfully
grown in parts of Europe, Asia and Africa. They

 

.A. A dasheen weighs from one to ﬁve pounds
rid an average of ten pounds may be harvested
ninja, single-hill. ‘ ,

 

:QC_IDENTS CROWD LONDON HOSPITALS_
The increasing number of motor accidents, not

utting a serious strain onhospitals, where the
.st. of such accidents is anything from $22,500

' rations on hundreds of other patients are de-.
‘ed by the motor accident victims.

better way to meet these additional costs.

 

”d"the insurance company behind _him be made
e contribute systematically to hospital funds.

  

 it SECOND SPEED FOR BRAKING

~Just as second speed makes the best combina-
on for a ‘quick getaway so does it make one of
he best ways of"stopping quickly in traffic. _W hen
the‘ spurt of speed is simply a matter of skinning
' ast a few snailing cars, and stopping again be-

ind a street car some two hundred feet ahead,
' inaining in second will be ,found handy for _the
entire job of speeding up and slowing down. Nine-
“Iiths ‘of the job can be done with the throttle,
hich is a bit closer to the ideal in speed control.

   
  
  

  
  

 SUICIDE CLUB FOUND IN BUDAPEST
Police in Budapest are searching for the writer

_ ‘posedly of wide ra'miﬁcation_s.

‘ ilhe letter was obviously written by a woman
education, who stated she had become a mem-
of the ‘club by accident. Meetings of the club
‘held twice a week in various centres. Lec-
sand discourses extolling the virtues of sui-
are presented, she said.

‘1‘here< has been a noticeable increase in the
inber of suicides here recently,'the po1ice’de-

 AUro EXPORTS RANK FIRST

Automotive exports now rank first in the value

‘aliimanufactured products exported, and third
lue of all exports. I

the four years 1922-26, there were made in

 

   

 

riM*ELY TOPICS A

4Dasheen, a new vegetable, is being planted in I
The plant is little known_

re tubersand are prepared for food like pota--

_1y,in--London, but in the country districts,‘is -

~, peryear upward. . At some hospitals, it is said, . b

(Committeesare being appointed to consider the " ments is greatly reduced’ as is also damage‘

One ‘
ﬁiiggestion which ﬁnds favor is that the motorist .

extensive precautions taken by the builder to;

an anonymous letter describing a suicide club,

.Othe'i.~ theories about the identity of the tomb ar

nited States and Canada 16,500,000 automo-. ’
of which 1,250,000. ./or about; 7 pet $3339

 

. WEEKEYI

 
   

were exported. In these same four years'JGen¥*
eral Motors sold about 3,350,000 cars and sold.
oversea 326,000 cars, or more than 9 per"cen\t~
of the total number. The value of the overseas}.
business of General Motors is at present 30 per;
cent of the total value of all makes of American
and Canadian motor cars sold abroad, and exceeds‘
any other American motor car manufacturer. -,

   
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  

RAILROAD USES TRUCK TO MAKE -
DELIVERIES ‘ ‘ p
. The Boston & Maine Railroad, acting through
its=motor truck subsidiary, the Boston &_ Maine»
Transportation -Company, has inaugurated" aj
st_ore—door delivery service utilizing steel freight-
containers which are interchangeable between»
truck and train. . '  
The containers. which have a capacity ofﬁve
tons, may be loaded inside a shipper’s factory in
Boston, locked securely, transferred by truck at;
any time before 6:30 p. m. to special cars on the
railroad and carried by train to Worcester and
Springﬁeld in time for delivery before the next‘

usiness day’ begins. _ 
Handling of short haul less-than-carload ship V
o

freight and loses due to theft.

5,000~YEAR-OLD TOMB FOUND ._IN EGYPT?
BELIEVED THE MOST ANCIENT
ON RECORD

Discoverv of a tomb estimated to be 5,000 years‘
old, dating to the third‘ dynasty of the Pharaoh”
was recently announced. The discoverers say i
may be the earliest tomb ever found in Egy t.

The ﬁnd was made by Cecil Firth, who has Ibeenf
conducting excavations in behalf of'the Anti,-A
quities Department of the Egyptian Governmen_t,.
at Sakkara, a village near the ruins of Meinphi '
Near Sakkara is the famous step pyramid, be
lieved to be the oldest of the Egyptian pyramids,’

The tomb is said to contain many unique_§fea
tures. It is located in the boundarywall sur
rounding the step pyramid and was discczvered
only after a long and diﬁicult search, owingpto.

 

  
   
        
 
   
     
 

conceal it. - V

It is thought, but- not yet established. that it'is-
the tomb of Imhotep, architect to King Zoser
who built the step pyramid. Imhotep was greatly
revered by the ancients, being considered oneof _
the wisest of men and founder of the science of v
medicine, the law and other branches of learning

      
    
     

  
  

  

   
 
          
  
   

   

that it may have been used temporarily for Zose
himself during the buildingof the step pyramid;
or that it may be the tomb of Zoser’s Queen. ’
A deep stairway of a hundred steps leads down
to the tomb through an obscure tunnel in the roe a
Branch tunnels and stairways lead to a series-of
underground rooms, the walls of which once were
blue tiled, like the rooms in the step. pyramid.
The rooms still bear the remains of interestin
limestone reliefs and decorations of its period, in
cluding the portrait of King Zoser. In one tunne
twelve magniﬁcent alabaster wine jars werevdf
covered. ' ' ‘

   
  

   

  
    
     
      
     
 
 

  

Farne and Fortune Weekly

— Latest Issues —

1082 Fighting the Money Kings; or, The Little
Speculator of Wall Street.

. 1083 A Boy with Grit; or, The Young Salesman

Who Made His Mark.

1084 Ted, the Broker's Son; or, Starting Out for
Himself.

1085 Dick Darrel’s Nerve; or, From Engine-
House to Manager’s Ofﬁce.

1086 Under,a "Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made
a Million in Wall Street._

1087 J ack’s Fortune; or, The Strangest Legacy in
the World. ’

1088 Taking Chances; or, Playing for Big Stakes.

1089 Lost in the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
Turtle Key. _

1090 Ten Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who broke
the Wall Street Syndicate. r

1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name
For Himself.

1092 Fox & Day, Brokers; or The Young Money
Makers of Wall Street.

1093 The Little Wizard; or, The Success of a
Young Inventor.

1094 A Young Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
Fortune.

1095 Banker Barry’s Boy; or, Gathering the D01-
lars in Wall Street.

1096 In the Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast-,

aways of the Mystic Isle.

1097 Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds; or, The
Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

1098 After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky
Young Wall Street Broker.

Y . 1099 A Lucky Lad; or, The Boy Who Made a

Railroad Pay.

1100 Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the
Wall Street Money Market.

_. 1101 Dick, the Boy Lawyer; or, Winning a Big

Fee.

1102 Broker Dexter’s New Boy; or, A Young In-
nocent in Wall Street.

1103 From Mill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy
Who Became a Steel Magnate.

[104 Three Grand Speculators; or, The Wall
Street Boys’ Syndicate.

[105 A Stroke of Luck; or, The Boy Who Made
Money in Oil.

1106 Little H 1, th, B T d - ' ' '
Moneyain Vi‘;alloS7tre1eat. er’ or, Plckmg up

1107 Onsglsngglldsgogst; or, The Treasure of the

“°8 L‘i§.°‘lv‘;i1  A M Big Deal

1109 TT§:1:I1_f}%‘,th'1i‘1<:’:zI1.: or, The Boy Who Bought‘

1110 F?1£:01{§]<i1‘i>YS}c"If3e1tcune; or, The Youngest Finn‘

1111 Jack J asper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route to
Fortune. ;

1112 After Big Mo _ ; . T ° th I
on the Wall IS‘ia:I'7eetnBrol:1eIrIsl.ng e Tables

 R*2:*:VR.r’§.‘3::£teS=  A Smart Bots Run

1115 A 1§Ji2;:tc:y:a(3§os1d18ortune; or, The Hunt for a

1116 Th Littl M M k ; , Th
Setreet Beoy Wheoysavzdethe Ikllarkefﬁ Wan

1117 Rough and Ready Dick; or, A Young Ex-»
press Agent’s Luck.

1118 Tipped Oﬂ’ b_ Teleg h; , Shrk"
the Wall Stiieet “B:::1Ps.” or d mg Up

1119 Thneialzgg’ Builder; or, The Rise of a Young

112°   °=Wing Coin

. 1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The Career of a.‘

Boy Merchant.

_1122 Digging Up Dollars; or, The Nerve of a‘

Young “Bull” Operator.

1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried Treasure‘
of the Incas.

1124 The Old Broker's H ' ; , Th 13 A
Won In Wall strezlti or e W Wm

1125 From Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy Who
Made Money In Land. ‘ I

3

i
  i

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 From‘

a Dime.

1127 The Boy Railroad _Magnate; or, The Con-4
tract That Brought a Million.

1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or, Hug;
tling for Gold in Wall Street.

For sale by all newsdealers, or will be sent ‘to any address on receipt of price, cents per copy, ix; 7

money or postage stamps.

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc. _

140 Cedar Street,

‘ New York City, _)

