Price 8 Cent:

4.
w 7
1.
8?
11
Y
L
U
J

r,....,.,.ww...w. 
m. .. an

x Lo (ow 9
...?..u.._.£.
,. . M

.3

Without the an htest hesitation Billy sprang into the street to intercept the runaway. ,As he
reached for the swinging bridle. the animal swerved to one side. struck an Italian
fruit under‘: cart. and input it together with its owner.

  

 Read Page. 24* And 25

  in... Radio Fan?

   

Id Street. New York. N. I.

In Pod-Odlco at New York. N. 1.. under the Act or

E FAME   AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

l.

    
  
  
      
  
 
   
     
   
 
  
  
        
      
      
      
 
            
           
  
     

No. 981

OHAPTER I—Old Mother Hubbard.
\

' One morning about ten o’clock a number of
years ago a little old lrishwoman, in a faded
an-fham dress and a threadbare shawl over her
; shoulders, was coming up Broad street with
‘a-good-sized basket of apples and cheap candy
on her arm. She was a familiar character in that
" fty, and was patronized by the D. T. and

r messenger boys. As she started to cross the
t side of Exchange Place three messengers
employed by the Maritime Exchange came sky-
‘inrking up that narrow thoroughfare. The sight
‘oi the old woman started a new vein of mischief
 heads, and they immediately surrounded
her gnd brought her to a standstill. Mother Hub-
 often bothered by the boys, but never
seriously so. They liked to tease her when the
humor was on, yet there was no record of any
{one of them trying to cheat or rob he_r. Plxy
~'8ha:ttnck was the ringleader of the~.Mar1t1me mes-

  

sod any good qualities, was very careful to
‘."n'2"€h.m

  one of the three boys who gathered
rebut: the old woman on the present occasion. and
"intro sorry to say that Pig was looking for

 He was a tough d and was about
‘Sutton years of age.

“srwen, old woman, wot’s de_price of yer apples
K"‘gJ»mo¢nin"!" he inquired. picking up one of the
and eyeing it with a hungry look. for Pixy’s

t that morning had consisted of a stale
and a drink o water. because his mother had

3”” man up to eed him, and the roll was all
 ' y could .ﬂnd in the house. _

"0113: gpple is four cents,” sand Mother Hub-
..« ; .’‘‘.‘I'hose small ones in the corner_ are, a
v. ,. apiece, and the next two cents ame9e._
33%? (fight, old woman,” grinned Pixy, picking
' another four-cant apple. “I'll Nike dese t“'°-
‘4-kinehalk it up on yer slate. and some
‘ terday I’ll send me bookkeeper around wit

  

 
 
 
 

  

  

W

7 two boys roared with lauiihter at this

 young man,” replied ‘the old
ﬁrmly. reaching 'for..]her applet *“'l'h€’3¥
  go without.”

3iHl'&d~P%y._IIiih a snarl. d

   

  
 
  
 

.w’

  
 

  
    

p :

1.‘... week] ——subaeript1on price, $4.60 pot fur: Canada. $4.50: Fenian. $5.0m Wow. Publisher. Inc..16o__
_ ﬂ littered u second-Clue llat 4. 1&1.  1 
. n I-‘I-.— ‘ ”‘ ‘
v '0

 

~ . ; By A SELF-MADE MAN . ’ , A 0,;

fsﬁizers. He was an impudent youth who. if he‘

NEW YORK, JULY 18, 1929‘ 0: -E2 » ayice 8 Cents.
. . 2‘ '4} e
ON HIS MEIT ‘

‘~39

   

-'- ‘.> . ‘
ing back and taking a huge biteyout of'one of
tihe gtxpples. “W’en I" ‘say chalk it ,up, yer wants to

o 1 .” ‘ ‘—

“Give me that other apple directly," cried
Mother Hubbard, shrilly. “And- pay me four
cents for the one you’re ea‘ti.n’, or I'll calla cop.”

“Yer’ll _call nothin’. If yer open yer mouth
ag’in I'll dump yer and yer basket inter de gut—
ter,” he said, thresteningly. ,

“How dare you talk to me that way? You
shall pay four cents,this instant, oi-——"

“Or wot ?” grinned ?ixy.

“I'll have you arrested.” ‘

“Ah, g’long!” replied Pixy, giving her a rud
shove. ' \

The old woman tripped on the edge of the curb
and went down backward, her basket dropping
to the walk, spilling half’ of its contents. Mother
Hubbard uttered a smothered shriek. while Pixy
Shattuck and his companions started to make
themselves scarce. But Pixy discovered that the
way of the transgressor is not strewn with roses.
A robust, rather under-sixed boy of fourteen had
come upon the scene in time to overhear a part
of the conversation between Pixy and the apple
woman.

He was a- bright, alert-looking lad. whose well-
worn and well-patched garments showed that he
was not suffering from a condition of over-pres-
perity. He had a bundle of the early afternoon
edition, as it is called. of a big daily newspaper
under one arm. and this was suflicient to dis-
tinguish him as one of the great army of news-
boys who make an honest,.though often precah
ious, living selling: papers. He had stopped. ta
watch the outcome of the argument between
Pixy and the old woman, whom he knew, well by
sight. He was growing indignant over the im-
position he saw the little rascal was practising
upon the inoffensive apple and candy vendor,
when Pixy upset Mother Hub rd. as we‘ have
seen. In an instant down went the bundle of 
newspapers on the sidewalk. and the boy made a. A ’
bee-line for: the ﬂeeing Shattuck. _ ‘V

“Hold on, freshy. you don't do the sneak 
like that,” _he cried. seizing Pixy  arm and 1_ —
drawing him aside. _ » 

“Wot’s-de matte:-_wgt’ youss?"_ snarled the it
gigxze messenger. amung a blow at the b

  

  
 

 

 

  

  

 youse," roared

 

ONJPHIS

9

The other lad ducked nimhly. but did not re-
lease his grill _

“Let me go,Pv_vil_l yer, or ‘twill be worse for

ixy.

“Not on your life I won't.” answered the news-
boy. sturdily.

Den I'll knock de stuﬂ’1n' out of yer."

Pixy swung himself loose and started in to do
up the brave boy. He had always claimed to be
a ﬁghter. and the boy before him looked easy.
But appearances are sometimes deceiving. Such
proved to be the case in this ins . Pixy
lunged viciously at his opponent's face. _ e other
boy ducked in the most approved fas ion. and
then something happened. Pixy's jaw cam'e into
contact with his antagonist’s hard little fist, and
head went back with a snap. Then, before the
tough messenger could recover himself, he caught

a sockdologer in one eye that made him see a -

host of stars and not a few planets.
“Wow!” howled Pixy, starting back.
“Want any more ?" asked the newsboy. fully

3;? prepared ‘to resume hostilities.

“I'll kill yer!" roared Shattuck, ﬂying at the
speaker. mad with rage.
Biﬂ’! The newsboy had ducked again like chain
lightning and’ planted another blow on the mea-
sengers chest. Swatl Pixy’s mouth got it that
time. and first bloodavent to his opponenet. The
messenger was now aroused to fury. He reached
the newsbov with a clout alongside of the head.
“Yah! I'm gettin’ yer now!” . _
That is. he thought he was but he wasn't, Just
the same. Smash! Biff! "§wat! ‘The smaller
boy delivered three blows in rapid succession.
, and Pizy went down in the street.
Had enough?” again inquired the newsboy.
No, Pixy hadn't enough; but he got it a few
q minutes later when he staggered to his feet and
 ‘ the other boy, with ﬂashing eyes, put it all over
I him so quickly that the tough youth thought
a cyclone had struck Broad street at that par-
 ticular moment. Of course a crowd of boys ,and
passers-by had gathered in a ring about the
scrappers and were enjoying the impromptu mill.
“Cheese it! A cop is comin'!” shouted a boy
on the outskirts of the crowd. At that moment
Plxy was on the ground with the victorious
opponent straddling his _chest. The newsboy
made no eﬂ'ort to dismount and_ slip away._ as
boys usually do»when an officer is approaching.
‘I He held his ground until the policeman appeared.
‘ ’ “Here, what is this?” asked_the oflicer. reach-
for the boy and yanking him to his feet.
Don't let him get away!" cried the newsboy.
-.aa Pixy scrambled up and tried to dive through
the am. The policeman reached for and se-

‘1t's the station for both of you.” he said.
“Hold on,” protested the newsboy. “this chap
' upon’ Mother Hubbard and her basket. and I
itoaiy interfered to stop him from getting away."
“.'l:‘lIat’s right. 0 oer.” spoke up a well—dressed
 in -the _ owd. “I saw the whole oc-
 That boy is not guilty of any trouble.
in other boy ought to be arrested for what

 

  

:‘'Where is the  woman  inquired the poliee- -

, .!‘fS3iefs here. picking up her apples and stuﬂ."

a spectator. . V i _
 r6oa1,A~‘plea9e."._—said; theyomoer. mlslult

   

 

   

ME'I'I‘LE

the two boys ahead, of him. “Here. Mother Hub-
bard, did one of these boys upset your basket?’

“That's the boy,” she said, pointing a skinny
ﬁnger at Pixy. “The other pitched into him for it.’

“That settles it,” said the policeman, releasing
the newsboy. “Now. Mother, will you go to the
station-house and make a charge against this-
young rascal?” -

“If he'll pay eight cents for the apples he took
I’m wi1lin' he should go,” she answered.

“I ain't got no eight cents," said Pixy, sullenly.
“I'll pay yer ter-inorrer.” .

“Where do you work?” asked the ofﬂcer.

“At de Maritime Exchange."

“I ought to take you in. anyway, for ﬁghting,’
said the policeman. “I'll let you go, on con-
dition that you pay the old lady for any damage
she's sustained through you."

_“All I want is me eight cents,"
Hubbard. ‘ .

“Well, if he doesn't pay you to-morrow, old
lady, I'll go down to the Exchange and file a
charge against him with the manager and run
him in on top of it.” said the oﬁleer, giving
Pixy a push, which he took advantage of to hurry
from the scene of his tribulations.

The crowd melted away, leaving only the news-
boy, the policeman. Mother Hubbard and‘the well»-
dressed man, who had come to the boy’s aid
.when the oﬁicer collared him, on the corner.

CHAPTER II—Bi1ly Moss Gets a Situation iii
Wall Street.

said Mother‘

“You're a ﬁne boy. and I'm much obliged to. 

you for whippin’ that little villain," said Mother
Hubbard to the newsboy. “Just help yourself

to some of me best apples. You're welcome to ‘ ,

’em.’’ .
“I’m much obliged to you. ma’am; but I don't
want any just now,” replied the boy.

“I’ll remember you. Whenever you want an

apple, just come and take one, and it shan’t cost‘.

you a penny." said Mother Hubbard, as she
started off in the wake of the policeman.

The boy picked up his newspapers, which had
remained on the edge of the curb all this time.
and was about to resume business when the well-.
dressed gentleman, who
view apparently. spoke to him: '

“Look here. my lad. what's your name 1'"

“Billy Moss. sir.”

“Where do you live 7”

“Madison street, sir.’

“With your parents?"

“With my mother and sister."

“Your business is selling Dapers. isn't

“Yes, sir." . v

“How do you make out at“it‘!”

it!“ ‘

ﬂing ch ' bi” .
V “Willi. I’; J: Wall Street broker. and 15%
ca, my oﬂoe.  

 

  

had some purpose in_,

 

:»_‘D..-

1

“I'm not kicking; but I hope to do better wlin 

_I get a chance." ~ ' ’

h‘;'i‘hen you would be willing to make a chant!-

e ." a
“Yes. sir; if I could‘ better myself." ' “
“How would you like the position of boy

andmessenger in a broker’: oﬁcei" * _ . .
“First-class. only I don‘t_see any choice of  '-~

  
   
 

   
  

' \
~ disposed to give you a chance, to see if you can
ﬁll the bill, Here is my card. Call around after
three o’clock and I’ll have another talk with you.”
‘All right, sir. I'll be there. And I'll do my
best to make good if you hire me.”
“Very well. I shall expect to see you after
three, remember.”
, With those words the broker walked oﬂ', leav-
" ing Billy Moss looking at the card and wondering
whether his ears had deceived him or not.

“\Vashington Hooper, Stock and I3onds, No. —
Wall Street,” was what Billy read on the card.

’ ' “Gee whiz!” This must be my lucky day,”
breathed Billy, putting the card carefully in his
pocket. ‘If I connect with that job it will be
the finest thing I ever struck in my‘ life. Office-
.‘__boy and messengento a stock broker. It’s just
E. ’ what I’ve always wished to be. Won’t mother
and sister be glad to hear that I've got hold of
something steady, with regular wag s attached
to it? Maybe I’ll get as much as ve dollars.
That will be a great help to mother. She won't
have to work so hard if she’s sure of five cases_
a week.” .
Suddenly a cloudcame over, his young face.
 “What I ai:n'to do for clothes? I can't work in
 .3 l7roker’s oﬁce in this suit, and it's the best I
-17-’. have. I wonder if Mr. Hooper would buy me a
suit and take it out of my wages? I'll have to
_ e him if he hires me.” - . '
j"Aftei- standing a moment in thou ht the boy
itarted in to sell his papers. Bill . as was the
Jon of a poor widow, who al d a daughter
. of twelve, named Agnes. The three lived on the
F; upper ﬂoor of a cheap tenement on Madison
: street. The husband and father, George Moss,
7 I ‘had been dead ﬁve years, and since his death
 mother had had a hard struggle to support her-
' self and her two children. .
' Promptly at three o’clock Billy Moss ascended
~ the single ﬁght of stairs which led to the cor-
ridor on which Washington I-Iooper’s office opened. ,
" He felt something like a fish out of water when
he opened the door of the reception-room and
entered, for he was conscious that he presented
‘lint a poor appearance in his old and often-
Inendai garments. A clerk -asked him what he
iwlnted, and he ‘replied that Mr. Hooper had
-told him to call about three o’clock. The clerk
went into the private office where the employer
"1ns,.and soon came back to tﬂ Billy that Mr.
, r would see him in a few minutes. In a
llllarter of an hour the broker came to the door
of his private room and called the‘ boy inside. ,
I “Now, Billy, I want an office boy.” began Mr.
. Hooper, “one who will do exactly what he is told,
 nothing else. A boy with a still tongue and
’ I wise head. Do you understand?"
, .“Yes. sir,” replied the lad, xpromptly. .
"'1 shall keep you ‘on the move ‘pretty much
all the time during business hours, carrying notes
to dfﬁerent oﬁices. and I shall expect you _to be
y‘ in delivering messages and prompt in _re-
Tipning, whether you have an answer to bring
back or not. I have no use for a lazy boy, or

 

 
   
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
    
   
  
   
      
   
   
 
 
       
    

.

 to loiter on the way. ’ It often happens
,  ﬁlzefate ad some businesactransaction depends
"the agility and faithfulness of one's ofliee
_,;,_ ore. I require a lad on_whom I feel

w -

- ON HIS ME'I'I‘LE : 3 =

“You‘ll be able to‘ rely on me, sir,” replied Billy
earnestly. ~

The broker regarded him a moment or two
attentively before going on.

“When you come here mornings, and when you

return from errands, after delivering the answer,
if any, to me. you are to take your seat in the
chair you were occupying when I called you in
here, and when visitors come and ask if I am
in you are to take their cards,- or names, and
bring them to me in this oﬁice. I well let you
know, or send— word out to them, whether or
not I am busy, and can or cannot see them.
Do you understand?”

“Yes, sir.”

“I want you to be polite and respectful to
callers, under all circumstances. You will ﬁnd
that a great many people are abrupt, and perhaps

uncivil in their deportment, especially when labor— -

ing under the excitement of the stock market.
You must learn to keep an even disposition and
a smiling face. When calling on other brokers
with notes it is in" wish that you shall conduct
yourself like a little gentleman.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Now, with respect to other messenger boys
whom you will ‘often meet, I hope you «will avoid

getting into rows with them. While I do not

object to a boy defending himself from aggres-
sion, and I have had some evidence this morning
that you are able to hold your own with boys
of your age, and probably bigger ones. I do not
want a boy who looks for trouble, for he usually
ﬁnds all that’s coming to him, and sometimes a
great 'deal more.”

“I'm not a scrapper, sir; but I couldn't stand I

by and see an old woman pushed down. and her
stock-in-trade upset. by a mean little rascal like
Pixy Shattuck. If any one did such a thing its
my mother I’d expect some one to defend her if
I was not thereto do it myself.” said Billy. with
an aggressive note in his voice.

“I am not ﬁnding any fault with you what you
did this morning; in fact, I rather admire your
courage in tackling a boy who seemed to be
stronger than yourself, considering the circum-
stances. I merely wish to impress on your‘mind
that I discourage ﬁghting among boys. on a slight
pretext. Now, write down your name and address
on that pad.”

‘ Bil_ly did so, and the broker was both surprised
and pleased to see that he wrote a neat and
legible hand. .

. “You live with your mother and sister, I think
you told me this morning?”

“Yes, sir.”

“How long since you attended public school?"

“About four months. sir."

“What grade were you in?”

“I would have been in the ﬁrstgrainmar had I
gone this term. Mother wanted me to remain and
graduate next June, but money was so scarce
with us, and mother had to work so hard to kee
the pot boiling, that I was afraid she'd get si
and perhaps have to go to the hospital. That
would mean the breaking up ‘of our little, home,
so I decided to do something myself to help out.
I got one job, but it wasn't satisfactory. and
while looking for another'I’ve been selling newn-
papers.” , 1

“Well, I will give you a fair trial,ABilly. If you
make good._ as I trust you will. this '

I

\

 

vnlllna“=

 >.._,  .3. _J-,  . H. ‘.3. 
~ . . ' ta; ‘

ON HIS

 

place for you. with a future to look to,
or eventually I shall advance you to a clerkship
. hi .my counting-room. You may commence to»
__ Inorrow morning. You must be here promptly at
nine o'clock Report to Mr. Bradshaw, my cashier.
. You have a better suit than the one you are now
wearing, I suppose?” ' '
“No, sir." replied Billy.~ ,-
“Well, then, you must get yourself a new suit
this afternoon. I will give you an order on a
tailor. and. you can fit yourself out.”
“Thank you, sir. You can deduct the price
from my wages.” .
“That isn’t necessary. I will make you a pres-
ent of the’ suit. You can make it 'up by dutiful
attention to your duties." "
“I am very much obliged to you, sir," replied
rBilly. gratefully. .
 “That's all right. I can see that you are a-
amart,-intelligent boy. and I think you will make
a ﬁrst~class office-boy. That’s whattl am after.
 ‘ Your wages will be five dollars to start with.
I V I shall raise it as you show your ﬁtness for the
position. That will be all. I will write you the
order for the clothes, and you can take it to
the tailors on your ,way home.
need a new hat. a new tie, and ‘some collars.
and probably other things. Here’s ﬁve dollars
1.‘ I to list them with. It all goes with the suit."
' " . Hooper handed him the order for the suit
‘- 3 and Billy left the office a very happy boy.

  

 

CHAPTER III——Billy's First Experience as a
Messenger.

. When Billy went home that afternoon he felt
sure he loked ‘as well as any lldadison street
dude on Sunday. He had a nice suit of clothes on,
the tailor having agreed to send the old suit to
his home next day. He had also a new hat. a
new pair of shoes._a new necktie. and several

 other necessary articles in albundle under his

’.!’r.,,i _.* ‘arm, all of which he had obtained ‘in Bowery

 -- .stores, where the $5 had greater purchasing

- powers than in Broadway. When he entered the

-Moss apartments his mother and sister hardly
knew him, so changed for the better was he.

— “Why. Willie." cried‘ his astonished sister,

' —_ ‘where on earth did you get that suit of clothes?

-And ‘you've a new hat. and new shoes. and a

knew, necktie, too! Do tell us ,what has hap-

pened to you?” _

I. .‘.‘3‘o be ' with, I've caught on to a swell Job
at ﬁt? go” ars a week. and it's up to me to hold

 so glad.” said the hard-worked little
iiiother, beamingly. “What is it '2” '

/ “Guess.” answered Billy. ’ _

.—-.~5‘Judglng from the new clothes I should say it
in a bank," laughed Agnes.

.‘  .'it's next-door to ‘it. It's, in a stock-

smoke:-’s office in Wall street.”

‘*1: it posaiblel“. exclaimed Mrs. Moss, almost

. \
 in ,' it's true“ As I cbuldn’t hold
tap; my old.duds,'the broker gave me
jorder onlna tailor for-’a suit of clothes, which
«ﬁts; me  papa; otn the wall, doesn't it_?.

 

 
    
 
 
  
        
   

 
 

  

  

  
  
  

    

fl.  ‘

M  §'°4*'

      
 

  
 

You will also .

~ liain Moss. I believe,” he said, after takingbﬂ

   ‘you.  it

ME'I'I'LE

“He also gave me a ﬁve-dollar bill to invest in
a hat, neck-tie and whatever else I needed. I
stretched it so hard that it produced a newpair ‘
of shoes at $1.76."

“He was very kind to advance you so much
money," said Mrs. Moss. .

“He advanced me nothing. He made me a pre-
sent of this outﬁt.” .

“Made you a present of all those things ?"
exclaimed his astonished mother.

“Sure as you live he did. That's the kind
of boss to have, mother.” ~ '

“Do they always do that down in Wall Street 1"
asked his sister. ' 

“No; I don't believe they do. But Mr. Hooper 
seems to be a liberal sort of man. He handed me
the ﬁve just as some people would a nickel. He’s
all right.” r '  

“You're a lucky boy,” smiled Agnes; c ‘*-»

“How did you ‘ secure the situation, deal-1'". j‘?
asked Mrs. Moss. 

“Well, you see, I got into a scrap with a tough ’ T2.
named Pixy Shattuck, who's a messenger in the _'
Maritime Exchange. He upset an old woman ‘- ,.
named Mother Hubbard. who sells apples and
candies on the street. and I went for him. .«
thought he could wipe the stones with me, hit. .
soon found out his mistake, for I put it all over ' '
him in less than ﬁve minutes." ‘

“Oh, Willie!" cried his sister, “did you actually
get into a ﬁght?”

“That's what I did, and I polished Pixy of v
to the queen's\t_aste. I was sitting on his chest 
when a cop came np———-'’ , f.

“You were not arrested '.”’ screamed his 1342- 
ther. apprehensively. . V 

“Not much I wasn't. The gentleman who I’ J
afterward hired me to work for him chipped in 
and told the oﬂicer that I was not to blame for ‘ '1
the mix-up, and he let me go. When the troubh7'~.i-
was all over, the gentleman spoke to me: asked 
me my name and where I lived, and if I'd like to j
take a job as oﬂlce-boy in a broker's oﬂieo. 9.3.,  l.
say, when he said that I nearly dropped.  

1 ‘V

    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
    
  
    
     
     
    

I take it? Would a duck swim‘! I said
glad to get uch a place. so he told me to call 
three o'clock to his oﬁice. handing me "*

 
  

  
 

      
    

been yearning for.”‘ -_ .’

It was a ver-y_hu>pv little family that sat down -
to supper that night. in the Moss apartments.  ,
future looked brighter than at any time since
Mr. Moss died. Billy was on hand at Ht‘-
Hooper's o_ﬂice next morning promptly at the‘
stroke of nine. He was the earliest arrival. but i
others began coming in‘ directly after. The
ier, Mr. Bradshaw, appeared at 9:15, and
first thing he did was to asl; Billy if he was
new boy. . .1

“Yes, sir.”

“Come inside for a moment.

  
    
  

 
 
 
 
     
        
      
     
     
  
       
 

E.

"s."

, .
Yournanieis .
hat and-‘coat. _ -.
“Yes, sir; but I'm! generally called Billy.’
-“Do you prefer‘ to be called Billy to ‘Will
William?,"« 1 _ - _ ' '2. _
“I am ‘more used to Billy, sir; but I 
,hat“youpi.'all_.rne.'.' . _ n  
.‘,‘WolI.~I,’l1 callyoa 31%;}; VI gusset!‘

 

  
    
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
       

Dndahaw, with a smile. “It seems to fit you

nutty well.’ Where do you live, Billy?”

“Ho. —, Madison street."

i ‘All right. Now you may go back to your seat

3: the outer oﬂlee. I presume_Mr. Hooper gave

you instructions as to your duties.”

“Yes. sir.?’ . . '

 y went into the reception-room and took
—;.,hi.s seat. At half-past ‘nine _Mr. Hooper came in.

“He. nodded pleasantly to his new messenger.‘
 new suit makes a great improvement in

you; Bily," he said. “Come into the oﬂice. I've
several errands for you.”

Billy helped the broker take oil’ his coat. and

“Man it up in a closet and got his instructions.

Billy got his hat and skipped out.

9'1’!!! going to make a new record for that

oﬂéee,” he said to himself, as he started up Wall

street toward Broadway. In ﬁfty minutes he was

in the offices, after taking in four places. He

rm in a hurry," grinned the new messenger boy.

 am glad you are so wen provided. I hope

‘time won’t wear out soon." laughed Mr. Hooper.
 they do I'll have them soled and heeled.

they?! be as. good as ever 828111." _ _

“Ith looks as ‘If yftll wougdbgiold ¥ouft Jigbl, g1ll’)£.:

, . won’ , my an on .

"&’e‘l,i:et:.kesgiis letter down to Clinton. Everett
., N . - B ad." '

Elly't¢?ak thexgnvelope and. hurried off with it.
.-—At‘tliis‘place he ran against the ofﬁce boy.
‘ was quite ‘a ﬂy young chap; _e ._
.*Clinton is engaged,” he said, looking Billy

1- fro'lr'1n‘top tontoe. “Where are you from ?"
I‘. 0099!’ S. o '
»«v..Wﬁh;t’s the matter with Hooper’s other boy‘!
ﬂat:-» bounce .

‘Give it up," replied Billy. ~ «
*"v*‘““Well. I owe him a licking. He was a fresh

. i-—'l‘eke a seat, and I'll take this in to Mr.
,_

74?:-eeeiitly be came back. A

. 's no answer. What’s your name '.”’
* ‘William Moss. Esquire." ~

 med Clinton's oﬂice boy,.but Billy

ink‘ 111 have to transfer that licking to
, kid.’ granted the lad. “William Moss,
.’ Well. I like that. I wonder if he
t that was"funny. I hate fresh kids."
itliattime, however. the elevator was carry-
y to the. sidewalk.

  
  

 
 
 
  

 
 

  

 
 

 

‘HER IV.-.—:B‘illy Proves to Be Equal to an
--  Emergency. o

as kept pretty busy running dllrink the
-six‘.nIonths.-‘ A general upward movement
in thehmanket. andthe brokers were trans-
a‘-great'deal.of business for outsiders on

-  ' _ “otit §bout,_t_wo-o’elock  Hooper
velope to*-take to the Mills Build-

. oussiqg‘ the’.gloorway~— onto

    

  
 

Ildd:i!ﬂ¥3'i‘.8ri§Rttd.

‘_ 6N His ME'I'l‘LE _ ' ’ s_

‘horse.’ exclaimed the pretty girl. who had not

. ._while they wemaetziiigawey .c‘o7n.1;uisT.‘: B
W  mm 

 

:1, ’r  .

 

tle of wheels. He also noticed people stop and’
look in the direction of Pearl Street. He looked 
with the rest and saw a hansorn cab coming up _~.
the street at breakneck speed. The horse had 
taken fright at something. and the driver had ’
lost his hold on the rains, which were dragging ~
over the stones. In the vehicle was a richly ;
dressed young girl, whose actions showed that ' A .
she was terrified by the perilous situation. With-
out a moment’s hesitation Billy sprang into the
street to intercept the rimaway. As he reached
for the swinging bridle. the animal swerved to
one side, struck an Italian fruit vender’s cart and ,
upset it. together with its owner.
The collision stopped the onward rush of the
cab for an instant, just long enough for Billy to _
get a ﬁrm hold on the bridle. ' He threw hi! i 3*
weight upon the horse’s head and the animd '
stumbled and almost came to his knees. Tln
boy followed up his advantage and brought the
horse to a standstill at the corner of Broad —
Street, just as half a dozen spectators ran up to
help him. The young lady was helped out d
the cab, while the scared driver quickly descended.
from his perch and ran forward to soothe his
frightened animal. By this time quite a crowd
had gathered around the "rig a d the actors in
the short but thrilling accident. '
“You’re a plucky boy," said a big stock broker,
slapping Billy on the back. “You stopped that
runaway in great shape. I think I've seen you H _
in my office. Who do you work for?"
“Mr. Washington Hooper.”
“You're his messenger. then '."’
“Yes, sir.”
“I knew I’d seen you. What's your name ‘."’
“Billy Moss; but I must be going. I've a lettu
to deliver at the Mills Building right away.”
“Hold on.” said the broker. detaining him. “Tb _ V
young lady wants to see you.” _ .1“;
“Can't‘wait,” declared the boy. trying to mail» A Vs; §
his escape from the crowd. ~ 
The broker, however. reached out. grahbd ‘» 1*”
him by the arm and marched him up to tip ._« s"-‘Z
rescued girl. i . "
“Here’s the young lad that saved you. miss.’
he said. “He's such a modest chap that he didnb »
wait to wait for you to thank him." ' ' y . ,_
“How brave of you to rush out and stop tht .  s _‘

 
      
     

recovered ‘her self-Dossession. “You probably . -
saved my life‘ . ' ' .

,“You’re welcome. miss.’ replied Billy.

. “Now don’t run away,” she said, as the boy he’-
gan,to edge away. ' _

“I’m in a hurry, miss.”
“You can escort me as far as my father’s omeg-
can’t you 1”’ she said smilingly.
“Yes, miss, if you wish me to.”

‘ "I shall consider it a favor if you will.” she snip,
earnestly. “I should like to get out of’ thhp .
crowd.” “ ‘

“Follow me. then. miss."‘ ’ . ' ~~ . 1

Billy began to push his way through the-mob i  
curiously-disposed people who had flocked to 5 ‘
scene of excitement. The people madeyay
the‘ hero of the occasion and. the girl who. ‘
have been‘a victim of a serious, if mot
mishap. '  "

     
       
    
     
    
     

‘_.

      
     
    

   
      
     

 
   

, . /5-?" .‘

    

  

 /3

on‘ His METTLI E

I. “I am very grateful to you indeed,” said the
.%tI1unglady, after they had -got free of the mob.
g hat is your name ?”
 “Billy Moss, miss.” '
“Here comes my father now,” she cried, hasten-
ing her steps. _
“Then you don't'need me any more,” said the
_ I703‘. glad of the chance to attend to the business
Mr. Hooper had despatched him on.
“Don’t go, please.
thank you for what you did for me.”
“I don't want any thanks.” protested the boy.
Whether he wanted ‘them or not, it was evident
he would have to wait and receive them. or make
an abrupt departure from the scene. He was

rather doubtful as to the propriety of the latter..,

and. while he“ stood ‘considering the matter. the
.-girl's father stepped up and, taking her in his
arms, embraced her—so glad was he that ‘she
_.had escaped injury. .
“This boy, his name is Bill/y Moss, stopped the
horse and saved my life, father," she said, earn-
estly. ‘ ‘

“Young man, I am deeply sensible of the service
iyou have rendered my daughter and incidentally
. myself. You will let me do something to testify

my appreciati n of your gallant conduct. Come
to my office 'th us.” .
“I have a message to deliver at'the Mills Build-
,,sir,” said Billy, more than ever anxious to
get away. “Pm afraid tt’s a_very important one.’_’

“Well, then, here ismy card, Call and see me

‘as soon as you can,” said the gentleman. press-

; ing something in the lad’s hand. and then walk-

ing off with his daughter.
,— Billy, without Waiting to look at the card,
v dashed for Broad Street and shot down that wide
- thoroughfare as hard as hecould run. When he
-..-reached the Mills Building he caught an elevator,
and was soon being carried to the eighth story.
die had now a breathing spell, and he took ad-
vantage of it to look at the gentleman's card.
ﬁe found that something else lay in the palm

7 :39: his hand beside the card. It was a hundred-



H‘ of that girl, put that into my hand along with

.3 ‘dollar note.

 oiinrrnn -v_.—-3my~seus His Tip on c. o. & F.

.. Billy stared at the bill in surprise. By the
.-time he had recovered himself, the elevator reach-
 edthe eighth floor and he had to get out. v _
' ’ “One hundred dollars!" he cried. as he hurried
mien: the corridor. to the oﬂice of the ﬁrmhis
v letter was addressed to. “I suppose the father
.ghe.card. Well, he'll get it back again! I'm
not taking money for such athing as that."_
., ﬁe reached "the door ‘of Brown  Co. and en-
 Mr. ‘Brown was engaged, and he had to
y ‘t .while'the oﬁice boy took his note inside.
‘faking possession of apchair. Billy thrust the
100 ill i:./.0 hislpooketand took a look at the
theigeatlemanhad given him. 
read “Horace Colt. Banker ‘and
, . 11 Street.” ~ . _
_ f-‘call  ﬁr. Colt just as soon as I
, "rotﬁ&n2Mtl§s,money. sI_wiah he hadn't
-, ,i!!!. H‘ da

herfroma

My father will want to.

1iter,‘;s,a~ﬁno-lookinr

made an effort-to jumpout and try to stontbat
horse before the animal’ reached me. I guess
they were afraid of getting hurt. I never thought
about that until it was all over, and then I won-
dered how I had had the nerve to do it. If I
had missed getting a good hold on the bridle I
might have been knocked down and run over.
if I wasﬁto tell mother what I did I'll bet she'd .
ave a t." >

At that moment the office boy brought an 1n~“’

swer from Mr. Brown for him to carry back to
Mr. Hooper, so he hurried out of the office, caught
a descending elevator-cage and was soon walking
up Broad Street.

“May I go out a few minutes, Mr. Hooper?’
he asked his employer, after laying the message
he had brought on his employer's desk.

“How long do you expect to be away. Billy?’

“Fifteen minutes, sir." .

“Very well. You may‘ go. .

Billy hurried of! to call on Mr. Horace Colt;
He found the banker and broker in his oﬁce. aid
was admitted at once. ' ’

“I’m glad to see you, young man,"

Colt, etfusively. “Take a seat.” ; _. _

“I've only a minute to stay, sir. I 
return you a bill that.I suppose. you plaoedjn
my hand by mistake when you handed me your
card," said the boy, producing the 3100 note all‘
laying it down on his desk. . ~ , ‘

“By George! That's right.” replied Mr. Colt.
feeling in his vest pocket. “I did not- iutaid 
offer you such a paltry sum of money aspny fer
the invaluable service your-endered my dauxl&'
this afternoon. _
—in my hurry I gave it to you with the uni, Pu
glad you came back with it, for I certainl‘y~w;onli

7!

'not want you to think that I valued my child's

life at such a small consideration as that» Igrﬁpt.

my boy, ‘I could not possibly pay you for what; .

you did for us.” A. ‘
“That's what I thought. sir. I was suregit
a mistake on your part.”

“Now that the matter is set right,”‘naid‘:&e .

banker. “will you let me testify my app:-eci‘at&
of your brave conduct by giving you 1‘ IBM-
present?" - v . 21.‘,
“If it's in the shape of money I'd ratheriadx
take it," replied Billy. ‘ . . .-
. “I'd like to start a small bank. account to?“
—say,§1,000. ‘It will come in nicely 
have grown- up.” - . . .,
“I'm much obliged to you, but it wonﬁlf
like ]?,8)'ll'l2‘ me for saving yourfdaughter  "

jury. ' I

“Not at all. As I said before, it" would
impossible for me to pay you. even if I g;ve~
every cent I’m worth. I value my Consta,
my choicest possession." ‘ ' I “

“Well, sir, ‘if you are so anxious to do
Evhingyfor, my beneﬁt,1—I'll tell you what ‘I
"ll sell you a first-class tip on the ..; ..
consider it a sure thing—-and you can pa A ,
whatever you think it's worth. I 
lirokers speaking about it.” . '

The banker smiled indulgently.;: I

“I willbuy your tiawith ‘

‘Bill gave «him an account ot h6w*~lIe

Jeam that a pool hachiaea ,forn_Iqil..t;o
&, F.‘ Mr.  vgho‘.hadA-mat... 

The bill was in my’ pocket, and‘

.'c

   
  
    
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
    
    
  
 

ON HIS

heétow on him. was surprised to disébver that the
tip was a really valuable _one, and one that he
. onld certainly take advantage of. He asked
nilly a few questions, and then_said: ~

3 .“I’ll give you $1,000 for that tip, Master Moss,
or, what I think would be more to your ad-
vantage, I?ll buy for your account 100 shares of
. 6: F. stock. which is ruling at 72 this morn-
vhf. I shall buy a thousand or more shares for
my own beneﬁt. I will carry your shares with
 deal. and use my own judgment, which ought
-tube better than yours. about selling it later on.
When I have closed out the deal I‘will render
you A statement of account. just as if you were a
‘regular customer, and the S1,00_0,'together with
~whatever proﬁts you have realized on your 100
‘Shares, will be subject to your order. How
will that suit you '.’"
“-‘First-class!" cried Billy, enthusiastically.
‘ Very well," said the banker, making a memor-
anduin on a pad.

"I'hen'he took out his check-book and ﬁlled in a
check for $1,000 payable to the order of William

S5
o

‘Just endorse that, please," he said, handing
his fountain pen. _
If; the boy did so._' Then Mr. Colt rang for his

Way. .

av... e dthgt tfotlfirhawshég, and bring me a
gumggan n ion.

the boyutldok) the ebheck and the banker's memo
the mar in clerk in. the counting-room and

’ _ y . I will protect your in-
aqshnent; so you need think nothing more about
“ till-you hear from me later on.”

"Thank you, sir,”-exclaimed the delighted boy.
am very much obliged to you." ~
»"‘.Don’t4mention it. The obligation is all on mv
..'d¢.— Now here is=iny home address.’ I want
363 to call on us some evening soon. Constance
wymjgg very glad to see you, and so will my
Iﬂeand my oﬁher little daughter, Edith. Have
' ,nromise?" . « _‘ _
Ken; sir. I will call Sunday evening next. if
will be satisfactory.” , .
:"‘!t‘wi.ll be." I r < .
‘,Billy then bade Mr. Qolt good day and returned
‘i;his‘own oﬂioe. where he found a note waiting
. r- '' to deliver. ‘ _

; late afternoon editions had the story of
szherqism in a condensed form. while the
g papers gavefa little more space to the

Billy camehoine he told his mother all
the though he mad

100 shares ’of C. 0. J: F., that the grate-
 had purchased for his account. He
~ 'upontlia't as auﬁurely business transac-
hhhwen him and . Colt; having no ‘refer-
°lh|tAVcr. to the rescue of Miss Constance

your  be.in  spacers, Will.”
__§a|s’cer.<.aa\sooi|§aa'-l_i‘§o herthathe

  

  

  

          

to accept in handsomesum that l3_eJvished to ‘

‘she had written down.

I day, much to Billy's satisfaction.

y Aggie. when he reaoneared in the sitting-room.

e’ no ‘mention V‘

.3anleer Colt md-his -falpil

 

M‘E’1'I‘LE' I V V 7‘

Next morning when Aggie went to school, she
carried a clipping to ‘show her schoolmates what
a brave boy her brother was, and she let every-
body know how proud she was of him. Of course.
the incident was known all over Wall Street
before ten oﬂclock. Friends of Banker Colt called
to congratulate him over the narrow escape of
his charming daughter. Quite a number of

.brokers friendly with Mr. Hooper called on one

excuse or another to see the messenger boy who
had so distinguished himself under trying cir-
cumstances. Mr. Hooper called Billy into his
private office and introduced him to the different
brokers when they dropped in.

“The little rascal never said a word to me about-
the affair when he came back yesterday after-
noon," said the broker. “The first I learned about
it was when I saw the item in last night’s paper.
You're a sly dog, Billy."

“Well, sir, when you hired me six months ago
you told me you wanted a boy with a still tongue
and a wise head. I’m trying to make good.”

“He’s got you there. Hooper,” said one broker, '
and all laughed heartily at the boy's apt reply.

CHAPTER VI.—How Billy Came Out On
C. 0. & F.

A few days later Billy called his sister’s atr
tention to the stock market report in the niorn-  1.
ing paper and asked her to look for C. O. & F. 

' “It’s_ quoted at 79,” she said after .she had low 
cated it in the list. '

“That's right. What was it‘ the other night.
when we were talking about the combine which
said had been formed to boom it?” ' A -

Aggie got her copy-book and found the ﬁguru ,_ 0
“You told me it was 71, and I wrote it down
here." ‘

“That’s an advance of $8 a share. isn’t it?" ‘ ‘ ;'.:..

“Yes.” _ -

do

 

~ “If I had bou ht ten shares as I wanted to
I Sgollld be S ahead. wouldn’t I?”
“ es." .
“So you see I was right about that boom.?' ,
“You were indeed.” _ ‘ '
Next day was Saturday. and C. 0. & F. closed
at 81, with every prospect of continuing its up-.
ward march. -when the Exchange opened on Mon-
_ _ _ After tea Sun-. ,
day evening, _Billy went to his room to put on
a few extra frills for his visit to the Colts‘. - .
“Going to visit some new girl, Will ?" laughed

       
        
          
   
         
      
 

H“!-laven’t got such an article. Aggie.” he me...

1: ed. .
“Oh, what a story,” she’ cried, incredulously.
“Nostoryatall. Iamnotouiteﬁfteenyq

so what should I want of a girl?”  _

“;1‘§ome boys have sweethearts when they’ne  ‘ '

. “I don't belong to that order at all.’ ' Bing

making a line for the door.   5'
“When will you come -home.» my son?’ 

Hrs Moss. ..

  
   

   
  

  

   
     
 

“About ten. mother.-

 

      

“Oh in ; ‘ mtg. .
'fGoin§_toy{alI'f W

    

‘Lea.

  

 

,sm.iled.

  

 

. «Columbine and Sprite in a harlequinade.

‘Don't you wish you were going, too?” ,.he

“Never mind. Aggie; some day 111 in-

trodﬁ you to my swell friends. Until then.
ta, . .

Billy received a cordial reception at the Colts.
Mrs. Colt thanked him for saving her daughter’s
life, as she put it, and Constance herself de-
clared she should never forget him as long as
she lived. Then Billy was presented to her sister
Edith, a golden-haired little beauty of thirteen,
who took an interest in him at once. Billy
thought her the prettiest girl he had ever seen,
and was tickled to death that she took somuch
notice of him. Constance played very charmingly
on the piano, and Edith sang a song especially
for him. Billy had the time of his life until half-
past nine o'clock, when he took his leave, promis-
ing to call again at an early date. Billy’s exploit
of stopping the hansom cab in Wall Street seem-
ed to have made a good many friends for him,
because whenever he carried a message to an
office, the broker generally had something pleas-
ant to say to him.

“It pays sometimes to get into the newspapers,"
he said to himself one day of the following week;
“Nobody ever noticed me before; now the brok-
er’s can’t do enough for me.” .

That afternoon he was sent by the cashier with
a note to Mr. Hooper, who was on the Exchange.
Of course he presented himself at the New street
entrance, and asked for his employer. Mr. Hooper
came to the railing‘ and took the ‘note. There
seemed to be a lull in business at that moment.
A stout broker. to whom Billy had been intro-

.‘ duced in Mr. Hooper’s private office. spied the
boy. He rushed up to_ the railing and, grabbing
Billy. lifted him bodily onto the ﬂoor of the
Board room. Then be rushed him into the middle
of the floor, and began calling the attention of
the other brokers. ‘ .

“Hear ye! Hear yet" he ‘war-bled_. “I have now
on exhibition, for a few moments only. the famous
Wall Street phenomenon, Billy Moss. the hero
of the hansom cab aﬁair. Step up and accord
him the honors of the Exchange.”

Immediately a score" of brokers rushed towards
them. Joining hands. they began to circle around
Billy and the stout broker in the fashion of the
opening rally of the Clown. Pantaloon. Harl%ittli‘m,

er
brokers joined in the fun, and soon another ring
was formed which circled in the opposite direc-
tion. At a given signal all rushed in. and Billy
was hoisted on the shoulders of two /brokers;
then. with the stout broker at the head. a Parade
was formed and marched around the room.

At. the height of‘ thefun a broker came on

I  floor and began to make bids for a certain

stock; two or three other brokers also began
shgﬁnzggand in a moment the hero of the oc-
eaeien was dropped like a hot potato in the middle
‘of the door. while business was resumed; around

3 i V “ ON HIS ME'I'l‘LE

“You’re becoming famous. aren’t you. Billy?’
said Kittie-' Armstrong. the pretty ofﬁce stenc-

grapher. when he carried a letter out to her den _.'

for her to copy.

“I certainly am," he smiled.
from Hummerville."

“Dear me!” she replied laughing.
quite an honor to speak to you by and by."

“Oh, no, Miss Armstrong. I never go back on
my friends.”

“Well, I'm glad to hear that.
you might contract a big head."

“Don't you believe it. My head never expands.”
, The girl was about to say something else. when
‘Mr. Hooper’s bell summoned Billy into the pri-
vate oﬂice.

“rm 3. hummer

which had risen to 90. The great army of lambs

ﬂocked into the Street, all eager to buy on a gen- . .3

eral rising market. The brokers worked like
good fellows.to fill their orders. and their help
had to put in overtime to keep things moving
along smoothly. By noon C. 0. & F. was quoted
on the ticker at 95, and the uproar on the Ex-

change ﬂoor resembled a small Niagara Falls 

broken loose.

“I'll bet it'll go to par,” chuckled Billy. as he
got a look at the tape.

But it didn't.
and before one o’clock the stock began to tumble
at an alarming rate.

“Gee whiz!" gasped Bill.
am at in all this?" .

Before three o’clock he took the first chance  Vi
. run down to Mr. Colt's oﬂice.

He was admitted
to the private room.

“What’s the matter. Billy?"
banker. “You look excited.”

smash.”

“Well, _ that needn't worry you." replied Mr.
Colt placidly. “I sold out our holdings this morn-
ing at - 92

get it made up for you in a moment or two.”

He rang his bell and sent word to his head 
bookkeeper to prepare a statement for William. 
Moss and send it into the oﬂice. This was done --
few minutes. and while he was waiting, 7
Billy tried to realize the stupendous fact that 
When the statement was ‘
placed on the banker's desk. he asked Billy it v

in a
he was worth 83,000.

Re would have a check for the amount coming to
im. '

“No, sir. I want you to keep most of it folh?
Iwant to take ‘en ‘7.
And give meal:-— 1;
And I'll takean-’-~»’ "

me. Give me $500 in bills.
home and surprise my mother.
other hundred for my sister.
other hundred for myself. I want to buy a i&'
things I need.” - ’-
Billy got the cash, and a credit slip for $2,390.

“It will be “

I was afraid 

 

On the following Monday there was’ V‘
great excitement over the shares of C. O. & F.. . _

A screw‘ came loose somehow, 
“I wonder where I

laughed the 7’
“Sure I’m excited. C. O. & F.‘has .gone‘to. 

You have cleared $20 a share on .-
your hundred. Your statement would have been»?-
mailed to you in the morning. but I dare say I can 

‘K iaevesel of the standards. Billy was zladgto make
._ his escape. and he never stopped running until
' " .;h—.stru¢k the oﬂiee building where he was'ein-
 -ployed. Next morning abig daily had a story

‘i’ gaieut Billy Koss’s reception in the Stock Ex-

‘ ge and,‘ aa,.a consequence. all Wall Street

ea2,_..,_,,u_F M,

and he felt as big as a Vanderbilt when he walked  '
out of Mr. Hooper’s. Perhaps Mrs. Hess wasait ‘Z’
treated to the surprise 0f'lIe1‘ life that eve ’ _
Well. say: you couldn't hold Billy in wmm
dumped those bills into hisr.rno'ther’s lap and"sa1I"'"=3’

   
  

      

       
  

3 ,t,, 7 . worn face. _ He grabbed his  I
 this thin: IKQODGJIIV 1'” 809“ la intowthat about the little sitting.-room. You I_iay+:beg -u g

   
 

, auckledrthn boy‘. as he lﬂiere was; Nah 
amazing 2 =  x   _. hem-;.   

     

ON HIS

 Sixinonths passed away. and Billy's $2,300
remained to his credit with Bank-er Colt, who
treated it as a time deposit and paid him three
. pefcent. interest on it. He had called a number
“ ‘of times at the Colts’ residence, where he always
enjoyed himself immensely.

One day Billy learned that a pool was being
formed to boom M. & G. shares. As he _wasn’t
V zrany too sure .ab_out the source from which he
kg ,2 get his information, he was in no hurry to rush
 buy the stock. He kept a sharp eye on

it, bwever, until he saw that it had advanced

.  from 79 to 82, and then went down to Mr. Colt’s
oﬁee and asked him to buy him 250 shares on a
.. ten per cent. margin. '
' _. ‘fWhat*s this, Billy? Another_tip?” smiled the
banker, when he put the proposition before him,
. .“I’m not sure. sir; but I've got an idea M. & G.
’ is going to keep on rising for a few days, and I
i, want to take advantage of thefact.” _

* - . “I-don’; think it's a wise thing for you to risk
" ,_£B your capital on .a deal. If M. & G. should
happen to go down, after you have bought, in-
 up. you would stand a good show of

 wiped out altogether.”

V. “I expect to take that chance, sir.” \
»-~‘»‘AJl- right. little man, you are the doctor.
newt say that I didn't warn vou.”

‘Tr! lose you won't hear me say a word.”
-30 Billy made the deal, just like any other
"* customer, and was quite independent about it.
linker Colt admired his pluck, butirather frown-
ed upon his rashness.

1' ‘.'*Well, Master Billy, you might as well have a

iuuoanow as later on. It will  you wi_ser
the ways of Wall Street," he said as Billy

J;  his hat and wished him good-day.

‘~ ‘H. I G. stock, however. showed no tendency to

get a slump on, but on the contrary advanced

      
  

   
 
  
      
     
   
    
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
     
 

was xladto do so, as he had been fearing his
 friend and customer would hold on too long
his eagerness. to pile up proﬁts. Billy’: proﬁt
 , i ,' aiiexpensea was $10 a share, and he now
f e bilanee of $4,700. ’ ‘
V “'l'hat’s a ‘smart boy.” the banker said to him-
' a‘/‘7"He’ll make his mark in- Wall Street yet.
i‘ in no prophet. I'm bound to say that I take
peat deal of interest in him, quite apart from
‘obligation I feel underto him."
ﬂrnﬁooper was also satisﬁed that Billy was
ﬂit boy. but he hadn't the least idea that
_ young messemrer had made over $5,000 in
,_ market. » _
"Well, Billy,” said Miss Armstrong the stenc-
‘ , or, ‘one morning, “I haven't seen your name
Tﬂie-‘newspavers lately.‘ _Wliat’s“the matter?
wlnm ﬁnd any way to‘ distinguish-youi-self?",

  

  

 
 

are rather slow in Wall Street these
"1 replied the boy with a grin. ﬁat I've irot

»» kia'dofatipisit'l”‘ ‘

 now. Miss Armstrong, you don't

. .!n'e.to veaway all I know. If you want

* let you on two ahares._

'11 double your money‘-inside
. and a few uhiutea

rt, _‘ V.

 
    

  
   

 
    

   

a what I have on deposit with you.’

  

.‘  . _ . I . . _, ‘I V. ._ V V y 

 

ME'l'l'LE 9 .

afterward was rushing up the street with a letter
trial deliver at the Vanderpool Building in Exchange
ace.

CHAPTER VII.—Bill_v Makes A Haul and Helps
Kittie To A Small Slice Of It. _

I

Billy Moss did not tell Kittie Armstrong 3.
whopper when he said he had a tip on the market.

He had picked it up that morning in a broker’s
office in the Mills Building. where he had‘carried

a note from Mr. Hooper. He had been admitted

to the private room of the broker while that gen-
tleman was in the act of dictating a letter to
another broker, and Billy could not fail to hear a ' \_
portion of the letter.

What he found out was that Lehigh & Monon-
gahela, in an effort to get control of the Lehigh
Valley ‘Coal & Iron Co., had bought out the
rival road to Scranton and would raise its freight
tariff on the first of the coming month—-—four days
oif. When this news got out on the street, there
was little doubt that L. &.; M. stock would ex-
perience a boom. Billy immediately saw the
chance to make some money. and decided to
improve it. He resolved to buy 500 shares of
L. & M.. at any rate, and perhaps another
hundred or two on top of that later on. He felt
so certain that he had a snap in this that he
tried to induce the office stenographer, whom he
greatly liked, to take a few shares with him.

Kittie, however, was a wary bird where the
market was concerned. She had seen too many
people lose their all in the speculative maelstrom,
and made it a rule to keep her hands oﬂ. That’s'
why she’d have nothing to do with Billy’s honest
proposal. About one o'clock that afternoon Billy
called on Mr. Colt. ‘

“Glad to see you, Billy. What can I do for you
to-day?”

“Y_'ou can buy me 500 share of L. & M. at 50,’
replied the boy, in a business-like way. '

L_. & M., eh’! I haven’t noticed any particu-
lar life in those shares for some time. Are you
sure You're not making a mistake this tiine?” -

“No, sir. I'll give you the beneﬁt of the tip A
if you _wish without charge." .

“If it's worth anything I certainly will insist.
on paying you a fair remuneration for it." replied
the banker. '

“Just as you like, air. You have been very '1;
kind to me and I'd inst as soon you took it tor "
nothing.” '

Then he told Mr. Colt what Jie had learned
aibout the road. and how he came by his informs.
t on.
“Billy, I think your pointer ‘is a valuable on
and worth $1,000 to me. ,I’ll give you my check
at once." And he started to fill out a check to‘
the boy's, order for the sum in question. .

».‘‘i guess I’ll change my order now to a t
and shares. I'll tum in your check as a part’ ~
the mlfllno The ballncé you can take out H

  
      
       
      
 
     
    
 

   
  

“All ‘right, Billy.’ Just .' thi ‘  ,_
write Your name on the baclzmdlf the” 

WM“ the 59?; had coi31alied- hotsent‘-the 
rnentsouttohismarginclerk.andia:g_
minutes a memorandum of the 
-to the young  . » *

“This is the hxaxeatvdealg-you’vc:beeus lg‘

     
  
 

   
   
      
 

   

  

 

 

0 ing, Miss Armstrong.
0 and broker.

‘ $5,000 is a little fort ,
‘ “I can only say that I got it by the exercise

Billy,” said the banker, with a smile. “Do you
think you can handle it all by yourself, and at-
tend to your duties as messenger and office boy
for. Mr. Hooper ?”

“Yes, sir,” replied the boy, conﬁdently.

Billy took up his hat and left’ Mr.~Colt’s oﬂice.

“Kittie,” said Billy that afternoon. “I changed

‘my mind about buying 500 shares of L. & M.”

“I thought you would,” she laughed. “You
¢t:§la.'lil:d”l'l’lZ make me believe any such nonsense as

“So, l§i3t.i8,”instead of buying 500 shares Iv pur-

ed . . .
“Billy.’I told you not to speak to me until
you could talk common sense."
bo“I'm talking common sense now," protested the
y.
“You're ﬁbbing just as hard as you can." ’
f‘I deny it. I can prove everything I‘ say.”
“Why, Billy Moss’, how can you stand there and
teuvimil stlfh 3 s‘E”’:’Zz. ad.’ V th t
“e, eprooo epu"ngisin eea-
Just cast your eyes over
that little menY1o;andugn from Horace felt, bzinkir
ou've een ong enoug in a ro -
er’s oﬂice to understand the meaning of that.”docu-
ment. That's bona-ﬁde_ evidence that I paid M_r.
"Jolt the sum of $5,000 this afternoon as margin

‘on 1,000 shares of L. & M. at 50, isn't it '2"

Unless the William Moss mentioned in the
memorandum was some other person than Mr.
Hooper’s oﬂiee boy, Billy appeared to have told
the exact truth, and Kittie couldn't get away from

“Billy Mass, will you explain what this all
means ?" asked the astonished stenographer.
“Have you come into a legacy of $5,000 lately,

‘or,’ as the idea suddenly struck her. and her

face began to clear, “did Mr. Colt make you a
present of that money for aving his daughter’s
life?” ‘ _

“You are wrong on both counts,” laughed the

7- » *
‘Then where did you getnall that money? Why,
me.

of my gray matter. together’ with a stroke or

atwoofluck"

“Did you make that money out of the market?"
‘I did. And now that I have been frank with
you I don’t want it to go any further. I don't
want Mr. Hooper to hear about it until I am

In ’ ready to tell him myself. You won't say a word.

 

 "to help you -n

3i

you '2”

Kittie._Wil1 _
“Certainly not, if you don't wish me to. Now

itellmehowyou cametogointo L.&M. Your

nst be a good one if you are willing to

back it $5,000 worth.” ‘ _
S"£'hat’s my 0 inion. and that's why I wanted
km gswldoillgrs." th 2“
, Armstrong an en y came very ou -

.  was considering whether she ou ht to

F‘:

!ﬂDer’s' belh cut the interview short before she
 a decision in the matter. but she thought

=3} goodnlgt aboutit during the rest of the after-

noon, ~ “that night. Befo leaving ‘home next
, -abehnddecidedtr:take achance on

‘ ﬁe! Q38t'ril'Ol_1_ rule and invest a $50- ill in ,
«& . on the strength of Billy's deal. Mr. .

.s.p.hen,omeno11ucl:.,an’cl she brought $50 with B

 

io 2 ' 4’ ON _HIS METTLE

“Get me ten shares of L. & M.. Billy." she '

said, when sh; saw him, handing him the money.

“L. & M. is quoted at 51 3-8 this morning, Miss
Armstrong," replied Billy. quietly.
to have taken me up yesterday.

“Isn't that provoking!" she exclaimed, petu- ‘-

lantly. “Now I'm out of it, I suppose."

“No. I'll let you have ten of my shares for
what I gave for them.” ‘ _

“But that isn't fair to you, Billy," she said.

.“Don’t you worry about that. I've 990 shares’
left. Besides, I'm only making your a present
of about 313.50 of my present proﬁts—-that is,
one per cent." ‘

“No. Billy. If Imake anything out of this deal
you must deduct the $13.50. I shall insist on
that." replied Kittie, ﬁrmly.

“Don't.be foolish, Kittie. Take what's coming
to you always and say nothing." a

“I am willing to do that, Billy, but I won't ta
more than is honestly coming to me." ’

After that, for the first time in her He, Kittie
Armstrong began to take astrong personal in-
terest in the oﬂice ticker. Next morning L. l
M. had advanced to 52 5-8, and the girl was de-
lighted. So was Billy, for his proﬁts were now
$2,625, less commissions and other expenses; but,
of course, that was only on paper. The brokers

hadn't yet begun to take special notice of the *

gradual rise of L. & M. It was the only stock
that was going up on the list. Business was
brisk again, and Billy was kept on the Sum
from ten to three, when the Exchange closed wi
L. &.~M. at 54.

On the following Monday morningthe news
came out about the purchase of the opposition
road by L. & M.. and then there was something

“You ought "

 

 

doing around the stand of that stock. There was 

a sudden rush to buy the shares, which were dis-

covered to be scarce. and the spirited bidding, I

that ensued sent the price up from 55 to 60 in
no time at all. Kittie being very busy that
morning, she wasn't aware 9f the jump of ﬁve
p?Lntts_itn the stock until Billy ran in and told her
a u 1 . 4 ~

“I am ready to;'give you $1500 cash for your»

shares. Kittie,‘ at'this moment, but I wouldn’t

' advise you to take me up.” I '

“My,~gracious!” she cried. in delight. “have I
actually made $100 on that stock '.”’ at — .
“That's what you have. You made $50 in the
last two hours.”
“Why, I'm rich. ain't I?”

“I am $10,000 ahead of the game so far. and, g ‘V

I hope to double that before I sell out.”

“My, what a lucky boy you are!”

“Well, see that you keep mum ~.about_- it,” he
said. as he hurried away.

Three dayslater L. & M. reached 70 and Billy I

concluded that -was high enou h for him. He
sent woni to "Mr. Colt to sel
market price. and the banker. who had disposed

of his. holdings ,-the dayprevious at 67 3-8, .13“... 
and on Friday morning the boys got hisstgte-~~ ' A
. ment and :’a checltfor ‘$24,700.’ He showed it ta ._

‘Kittie with a grin of triumph.

“There is $250 of that coming to. you. Kittie.‘_‘; «
“Less $13.50,” she said. emilingly. I ‘
“Less nothing." '

“But you're not deducting the expenses. 

“Never  the expenses»: Con'tlaﬁ.ord~:t6

 

him out at the "

 

 

    
 

   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
      
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
   
        
 
  
     
       
  

r ' pay those for you? Look at what I made my-
Kittie had nothing more to say.

 

CHAPTER VIII.—A Red-Hot Chase.

One day abo t a month after the close of the
L. & M. deal ' ly was carrying a note into the
, New street entrance to the Stock Exchamze _when
'..he- ran smack against 9. boy somewhat bizizer

than himself. The other lad._ who was dressed

in an A. D. '1‘. messenger’s uniform. 1031: his bill“
B once and went down _on the sidewalk. Two other
.—  r boys coming out of the Exchanke at
the moment gave him the laugh. The fallen boy
' scrambled to his feet with a snarl of anger. and
,the_n Billy found himsairllf face tfo face Ylth PIX)’
shgmugk, whom he he ’t seen or near_ y a year.
. “You dope dat on purpose.” roared Pixy, doub-
; ling up his ﬂsts.. O

f -‘No. I .didn’t. You're as much to blame as I
 am. However, I'm sorry I upset you.” l'€?11€d
. Billy, brushing by him and entering the vestibule
, of the Exchange. v

When he delivered the notevto the broker _he
was in search of he came out on the street again.
Pixy was still there, and so were the other two
a boys to whom he was talking. _As Billy started up
thesidewalk, Pixy stooped, picked up 8 decflyed
=1 pple and threw it at Moss. _It went to pieces

iust under Billy's ear. and Pixy _
peaions laughed. Billy was mad clear through in
moment. ‘ _
""Did you throw that apple at me '-"” he 3315
w*alking,straight up to Shattuck. A
1'G’wm. yer dreamin’,” replied Pixy, insolently.
I ,,"I;.,sked you a plain question. and _I want a
. pgdn answer,” demanded Moss azz3'€S8lV€1Y. ,
 "S’pose dat I did t’row it. wot did Yer get in
do way fer?" _ '

335! If a horse had kicked Shattuck he
..em1dn't have gone down quicker. Billy had given

 K soaker right on the side _of the chin. Pix_y
 ' A up in a dazed kind of way, as_ if

he wasn't certain what had happened to him,

«while the o boys looked their surprise. They
had been e . ting a diﬂerent result. Billy stood

iullx prepared to defend himself from
be supposed that Pixy would make
Pixy. however, seemed to be in no hurry
' nix things up. The blow he had received was
hard one,.and he stood rubbinir his jaw and

. larin viciously at Moss.
g"‘W<ii did yer.do dat fer?" he asked at length,
‘ sulky tone.

   

“If” you want any more.

 
 

', etsqua wit’ ybuse fer dat,seeifI
"' finswei-ednshattuck. vindictively.

    

licked you once more than a year ago. and I
, ‘ I tilde it Ntlin.’ ‘
Ira} . ‘ Yer newer licked me.”
yérijtht. Have it your own "way. Do you
  .......~**°°‘.:~°'*' » . . -. in
.v §Y_leop. yes wai,
-  011.”. he sold
:j_ital1over;ye_r."_ n

  
  
  

   
   

' .

.iconie‘on and square it.” replied Billy.-

is

. on ins ‘ME'l“'I‘»LE

and his com- .

, just disapnearinir into an open doorway.
I noted the spot. and put on a fresh burst of sped.

1.!”

‘‘You’re welcome to try it,” replied Billy, walk-
ing oﬂ' toward Wall Street.

Two days after that, as Billy was going home
for the day, he stopped in front of a money-
broker’s window, where there was a big display
of foreign gold and silver coin and paper money
displayed upon a black velvet background. He
was looking at a trayful of English golden
sovereigns with much interest when a stone whiz-
zed by his _ear and smashed a great hole in the
glass. He staggered back as the glass fell about
him and, turning his head. caught a glimpse of a
boy resembling Pixy disappearing around the
corner of New street. -

As the broker’s clerks rushed to the door, Billy
dashed across the street in pursuit of the boy
who he guessed had ﬂung the stone. One of the
clerks rushed after him, shouting: “Stop thief I"

When Billy turned into New street the boy that
looked like Pixy was half a block ahead. running _
at top _speed. Moss put on steam and hustled
after him. He was rapidly overhauling the boy
ahead,_ when a stout broker came out of a door-
way right in his path. Billy couldn’t stop him-
self to save his life. and he butted right into the ~
gentleman. Both went down in a heap on the
sidewalk. the boy on top.

“I beg your pardon. sir.” said Billy, breathless-
ly, as he started to assist the stout man to
his feet.

“How dare you run into nie?” gasped the
broker, who couldn't see the boy very well. as
he had lost his glasses. ~

“It was an accident, sir. Couldn't help it."

Billy handed him his hat. and then resumed the
chase of the boy who had thus got a fresh start.

"Hold him! Stop him! Don't let him get
away!” cried several voices close behind.

These cries were directed at the confused
broker, who was looking around for his glasses.
If Billy heard them they made no im ession be
him, for he kept right on after the d ahead.-
who turned the corner of Exchange Place anth
madefor Broad st Billy arrived at the cor-
ner in time to see him disappearing into the
latter thoroughfare. southward. There were lots
of persons on the street. and thertnmed to look
after the two runners. wondering what was up.
As Billy ruched the corner of Broad street he
saw the boy he was chasing crossing the street
half a block ahead. Just at that moment the
young rascal looked back, and Billy recognized
him as lfixy Shattuck. ' _ .

“So it_ is you. you little villain!” breathed Moss.
“You tried to brain me with that stone, did you?
Well, I won't do a thing to you when I get hold
of you." - _ r

Down on the other side of the way ran Pixy,
and after him darted Billy, bent on summ
vengeance. It_was a mighty lively chase. *
attracted! considerable notice. Pity ’
around the corner of Beaver street.
afraid M mikht let out of liirht before he readied
the corner. but. when he got there. Shatfuclt woe?’ '

lion ‘

;.- v‘

  

As he dashed into the same ., where» ‘“
ﬂight of stairs led to the next ﬂoor. W’
broker's clerk, followed by a b‘ crowd at
hot on Billy's track. dashed ‘ .-
s'_tuet.'and inadethe air palvﬂeiei
excited shouts. liossytlnoonleiexue this;

   

himself was the object‘ of pursuit also. kept on
up the stairs. and. seeing no one_ about the cor-
ridor, continued on up the next ﬂight. The third
hallway was also empty. and Billy started up the
last ﬂight of the old-fashioned brick building.
which was one of a long row of similar ones.
This led to a kind of low attic, from which a
short ladder communicated with the roof. Billy
was just in time to see Pixy’s legs vanishing
through the scuttle onto the roof. The little ras-
cal slammed the scuttle-cover down and fled. over
the house-tops. Moss ﬂew up the ladder like a
 monkey, dashed open the scuttle and jumped out
4" on the roof. _
‘ At first he could not see any sign of Pixy. but,
after a few minutes, he saw him hiding behind
a chimney‘ six houses away. Billy was pretty
well winded, and, having spotted the lad he was
after, he pretended at ﬁrst that he did not see
' him, in order to gain time to recover his breath.
iWhile he was resting. a head popped out of the
scuttle near by. It was the head of the broker's
clerk.‘and he saw the boy at once. I _
“We've got him now," he said to the man behind

 

 
  
 
   
  
   
    
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  

Then he jumped out on the roof. rushed up to
Billy and seized him roughly by the shoulders.
, “I've got you at, last.. you young scoundrel.”_h_e
said, angrily. “You led us a hot chase. but it
didn't do you any good.”

_ boy. as the pursuers popped out of the scutttle
. one by one, and surrounded ‘him. “Take your
hands off me!’
“I'll take my hands of you when I hand you
.  to a policeman.’ replied the exasperated

“Hand me over to a-policeman‘! _ What for?”
“What for? Why. for smashmg our plate-
;wlndew with a stone. you young sneak-

I
‘Y innit be i" ried Bill . indignantly.
— ‘lweailust been chclllglgilyg the boy who threw that
mule. "He’s hiding behind one of the chiinney’s

,1-.1'iia't'u do now. Don't try to lie out of it."
‘ angrily. _ _
“No; but i running swim -which
famorun to t -
. ‘ “Do: it!" i:pslie'<leBilly.gsarcastically. “Then
 you never made a bigger mistake in all your life.
 A young rascal named Pix)’ Shattwkv 3 dlﬂmct
_meeae!‘1ger, threw that stone at n1Y head. It
:lIiS8¢d me and cracked throu h the money-brolb
;a'r’sfwonder. I was looking ‘at the money at
the time. I turned and saw Pixy_ running Into
 street and I started after him as fast as
‘could trailed him to these roofs. Hes

 y » re._ If you'll let me get out ‘of this crowd
,na.i_I:hini in about two seconds? _ -
‘ »_..Billy* told‘ his story in such a straightforward
jvay that more than halfof the crowd believed
a  had been chasing the wrong’ boy. The
“ as clerkwas not of that opinion. He he-
 was _a ruse on the boy’: part to give
 xii ,aorihei-etused terelease l_loss.
 as 1! story of yours." he said. sneer;
%~ .~xv¢¢n't any other boy on these roots.

 care! the chiinneya.’ ‘I 

  

  

  
       

    

. I . .
V’ lashing the chimney on the sixth house

“What do you mean ?" demanded the astonished '

“Did you see me throw that stone?" demanded ‘

\

ON HIS METTLE -

“Which chimney?” .
Moss pointed the chimney out, though he could
not see Pixy now. A search was made of every
chimney on the roof, but in vain. Pixy had taken
‘advantage of the excitement to make his escape.

 

CHAPTER ix.'—Biuy Brings To Light A New ‘

Syndicate.

“I knew you were lying, you little reprobatelf
cried the brokeris clerk. “You are the only boy
on these roofs.”

“Then he made his escape while you were wast-
ing your time over me," replied Billy. angry be-
cause he was cheated out of the whipping he
meant to give Pixy.

At that moment [a police oﬁicer appeared on the
scene. ~ "

“Here. oﬂicer,” said the broker's clerk. "‘I
give this boy in charge. He smashed our show-
window on Wall Street, intending to steal some
of the foreign money we have on exhibition: I
:l1?iVef "no doubt but he is a regular little sneak

e .

The policeman was one whose regular beat took

in Broad street and Exchange Place. and he.

knew Billy Moss quite well. and was aware that  ‘

the be was Mr. Hooper's messenger and omen
boy. ﬂicer Daly looked at Billy and scratched
his head in a comical fashion. -
“I guess there's some mistake here.
there?" he said. doubtfully. - o
“No mistake at all. I want you to arrest this
boy and _take him to the station-house.” said the
clerk. briskly.
D“lWhat’s the trouble. Billy 1" asked Policeman
a y.
“ is man is of,” said the-boy. with a look of
disgust. “A boy named Piay Shuttuck broke in
the glass of his boss's show-window on Wall

isn't. ”

Street-with a stone. and he's trying to put  ;

blame of it on me. because he saw me chasing
Pixy. If they'd let me alone '1
Pixy. Now he's got clean off."
“Oﬁicer, this boy is trying to hoodwink you.‘
“I think not.
ington Hooper’: messenger boy. snd,,one of ‘the,

smartest in the Street.”

The broker's clerk was somewhat taken 

by the po1iceman’s statement, but he still main-
tained that Billy was the guilty one The boy

should have caught 

I know him well. He’: wlsll-' 

then made a ‘full explanation of PiJiy's enmity 

the stone.

“I know that boy Shuttuck.” remarked tho. '

_o_thcer. “He's got a red. head and is a quarrel-
some fellow generally. You'd better get a was-
rant out for his arrest, and have this affair

sifted out in court.” he said to the broker's cl ” "

‘ “You can summon’ this lad ‘as a witness. lb

  

swear out.a,19%rrent‘_sgainst ..Pixr Shuttuck. :

guarantee, you'll be
you want him." .

“I'll go back with _you to your ollice," said
Billy, “and make a statement to your employer,”

That was satisfactory to the clerk. and"at~ I
iaoner~bnohr‘a'~.

Moss accompanied him to the
office, where he told his story. and , _
hisjdentity as Mr. Hoo_ker’s  boy. 
broker believed-. his Btotrand sent‘ his  ,V

 

1 ﬁg’

£or‘him and his presumed reasons for throwing’ 

able to ﬁnd him any 

 

4

      
    
      
     
  
    
      
 
      

 3 ON HIS

   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
       
      
    
   

eﬁeer who tried to serve the warrant next day
' couldn't ﬁnd Shumiek‘. That young rascal. _know-
I -hg-what he had to‘ expect. had made himself

Billyhad $25,200 to his credit in Banker Colt’s
hands, and he concluded that the Moss family
htzi livectl about long enough in a Madison street

emen . ~ ,
' “We can aﬂord to do much better.” _he said to
himself one day. “The next deal _I go into might

' rove unfortunate. I may-be wiped, out of the

k of my money. It Is a common occurrence

L down _here in the Street. I thmk I will show
good Judgment by giving mother enough money

i to buy a good home. then whatever happens to my
bank account we'll be something ahead aniwsg.

Billy's argument was it good one, and e e-
tennined to act upon it at once. When he got
home that night he told his mother he was
going to give her $5,000. to buy a home_ with.

V - “Then you won't have an agent coming around
promptly on the first of the month looking for his
rent.

~ ‘That will be very nice." replied Mrs. Moss,

tone.
‘It will be ust splendid!” cried AIm'i_e. in de-
“Then will be able to have a nice room
all to myself." . - '
e“ ,“Sure you will. We'll each have our own room.
‘ 89- don't lose any time. mother, in hunting up a

use. .
‘Shall I l k in the Bronx? We couldn't
' ‘i buy I houseognygghere in Manhattan for $5,000,’
add Mrs. Moss.
. “I don’t care where you buy it. as long 88 it ill
in a good neighborhood where property is 11561)’
_ ” go go up in time, and _w1tlun easy reach of Wall
3, . sag," replied Billy.
  - In the days of which I write, one could get a
' - _ ygy ﬁne piece of property in the Bronx. with a
 house an it, or built for you to order for
:1 . Mrs. Moss promised to attend to the
‘matte:-stones. Itwssaboutthis time thats
' Elder named Willcutt: caﬁe iato the oflice one
gouging d ' quired r. o r.
‘'33’; iii? Sill: but I ?iron’t kmfwpewhether he'll
you or not, I'll take your name in to him.
, , s» looking over the morning Jnail. and dic-
‘~ Inﬂux replies to the stenographer. ‘ _
Billy carried Mr. Willcutt's name to his em-
ployer, and brought back word that Mr. Hooper
would be disengaged in a few minutes. _ Accord-.
hgly Mr. Willcutt took a seat near the ticker and
amazed -himself with the P0111381 01 "130 hm"
uni papers he took .from his pocket. In ten
, ‘ates Miss Armstrong came out with her note-
"heok in hand. She told Billy to send the Sentie-
inan who was waitinir ii“? the D1'lV§te P0013.
whit-3 the boy accordingly did. llir. Willcutt had
«died to get Mr. Hooper to go more syndicate
to boom a certain stock. the name of which he
,.ﬁ-I , t. _
 it-{ﬂing-“was disinclined to enter blind D0018.
rule, and,he e _ himself. on the tround
, was in no 1’: l condition just then
"up the]-’$100,000  would be requirpd of

ewoni‘t‘need,to,cail
 H r." o

  

  

  

 

      
  
 
 

   

 
 
 

‘  -1 1 rtnight
£33. ’»l‘.’m'iT ‘mi. can't
tin‘-" V‘ 1 ‘

however  into 

‘.\

METTLE I8 I

/

“I prefer to control my own money. anyway.
whsn I go into the market on my own hook.’ he
sa1 .

“But I can guarantee you a proﬁt of nearly a
quarter of a million if you go in with us,” went
on Mr. Willcutt. '

He rattled oil‘ the names of live other brokers
who, he said, had already agreed to take an in-
terest in the pool. Their combined wealth was
estimated at over 820,000,000. Mr. Hooper shook
his head. The prospect of making a quarter of
a million was no inducement for him to risk
$100,000 in a blind pool. He hadn't been there
before, but he knew of others who had, and got
cleaned out down to almost their last dollar.
Mr. Willcutt was evidently disappointed at his
failure to secure the broker as a member of the
combination, and he said so.

dare say you'll ﬁnd others who can better
afford. to take the risk than I,” said Mr. Hooper.

“But there isn't any risk in his deal. Mr.
Hooper. It's a,sure thing.”

“My dear sir, the best-laid schemes of mice
and men often go astray. and this is particularly
true of Wall Street. I've had an experience of
twenty-ﬁve years in the Street, and I've seen
more sure things go up Salt River than I could
mention in a week.”

“I’m afraid you'll regret not going into this
deal." said Mr. Willcutt, taking up his hat.

At that moment Billy rapped on the door.

“Come in," said Mr. Hooper.
hhlrifilly entered with a card which he handed to

“I'm to understand, then. that you won't come
iin with us ?" said Mr. Willcutt, moving toward the

oor.

“Yes, sir,” replied Billy's employer. Youwill
consider me out of all kinds of combinations of
that nature.”

Mr. Willcutt left. and then Billy showed in
the next visitor.

“Mr. Willcutt wanted my boss to go into some
pool, I suppose," mused the boy. as he took his
seat again. “I wonder what stock is going to be
boomed now‘! If I only could ﬁnd out I might
be able to get in on the'ground floor and corral
a few thousands more.” ~ '

As he looked reﬂectively at the carpet he spied ,
a sheet of paper folded lying on the ﬂoor near 
the ticker. ,He picked_it up and, taking out his ‘"1
pencil. began to draw a likeness of Mr. Willcutt
as well as he could remember it. Then he turned ,
the paper over, to ﬁnd a fresh spot for his talent,
when his eyes fell on a penciled memorandum.
It read as follows: -

 

 

“Dear W.—We only need two more to complete
the pot. Try Hooper for one. It has practically
been arranged that you and I will do the bu '
and booming. We ought to make. a good gm
out of this. no matter how the game come; one

  
   
   

in the end. Yours truly, D.’
x ..
“D w-.," used Bill . “That It be was 
cutt. fmlgll bet 32 droppedy that out no'!n‘l'iis. '

when he was looking over his paper:
he went inside to‘ see Mr. Hooper.

    

ON HIS

Jvriter are to do the buying for the syndicate.
.Good enough. They are hardly likely to begin
operations for a week or ten days. I must, then,
try and ﬁnd out what stock M-r. Willcutt is buy-
ing largely of. That’s the way I’ll spot the road
they're trying to boom.” ’

Billy grinned slyly to himself and then picked
up a copy of the Wall Street Indicator, to look
.m_Ier the previous day’s quotations. .

 

CHAPTER X.—-Billy and Kittie Make Another
. Haul In the Market. . ,

Billy Moss watched the market pretty close
after that, on the alert for some indications that
the new pool was beginning to do business. A
-week passed by and although.several stocks had
advanced sharply for a day or two in succession,
and thus attracted the boy's attention. nothing
come of them as boomers. One morning he walk-
ed in Kittie’s den before she had begun her
work for the day. . . ‘

“How are you feeling this morning, Kittie?"
he asked. in his chipper way; .

“Like a lark, Billy," smiled the young ‘lady.

“You look it. A June rose isn't in it with

D

“My, that's quite a compliment." _ .

“Well, I shan't charge you anything for it. .By
the way, have you spent all of the $250 you made
an’ L. & M.?" ,

“Oh, no. I'm not so extravagant as all that."
, “Pm glad to hear it. I'm thinking of giving
you a chance to double it in a few days."

« “Are you, really?” she laughed.

“Honest Iniun.” _ _ _ '

“What stock are you interested in this time?"

v"l’m waiting to learn the name of it, and when
-I do I'm g 'ng.in on the ground floor with the
big operato s.” K _ _ _
- . “You mean you aiewamng for a tip?" she

7 ‘“Oh, I’ve got the tin already._ I That is. all
_'hut_,the name of the stock that is going _to be
boomed. and that is the most important point of
the whole  .
: ; . “I. should imagine it was. How do -you expect
‘ to find it out?” _ - ‘

A. “By watching both the ticker and the Exchange
--especial-Lv the latter. if ‘I get suiﬁcient chance."

  

" attend properly to  at the same *time..’’
. .,‘‘Oh. boy: can do a heap if they only put their
minds dawn to it and keep on their mettle, instead
‘of going to sleep, like the majority do. To tell
 the..t‘ruth. Kittie. boys don’t, as a rule, under-
btaiid what they are often capable of. , Russell
«8age=.did'when‘ he was a bay. and look what‘ he
was in hisday-"
.8 ‘-{Do you «hope ..to

an . ’ ,

+,._“ '0. PI!‘ not anibitiofus to be just lace him,
“ 1' the-. rgvﬁeg‘ ' beco ' ‘ ‘mi ionaire.
 ray?  ':i:lft‘»ihere in% Wall
'5 u will, Hﬁly, “but you’ll have to he

  

    
  

 

   

 

‘flttakes a pretty smart boy to do that and ~

become another I Russell 

  

METTLE

out for them. Now, about what I started to tell
you. When I ﬁnd out the name of this stock that _ .
is going to be boomed I’d advise you to let me + ‘i
have that $250 of yours, and I’ll try to double

it up with my own. I wouldn't do that for any
one else but you, Kittie.”— «

“I'm awfully obliged to you, Billy. Really I.
am tempted to try my luck again, when it's
such -good hands as yours.” .

“No ﬂowers, Kittie, please.”

“There’s your bell, Billy. Mr. Hooper wants
you.” '

Three days afterward Billy noticed that J. Jr.-
D. shares were changing hands at a pretty lively
rate, though the price did not advance anything
to speak of. That afternoon Mr. Hooper sent him
to the Exchange with a note to’a certain broker.
While waiting for the attendant to find the broker
and bring him to the rail, Billy's bright eyes _
wanderedover the ﬂoorvin search of Mr. Will_- 
cutt. He spotted him at last, in the neighborhood E E
of the J. & D. standard. His hat was on the back . 
or’ his head, and he was bidding for that stock _
at a livedy rate, and seemed -to be getting all he < ~~g
called for. He gathered in six or eight thousand ‘_7'
shares while Billy stood at the rail. and was ap- ~
parently hungry for more. 

“I’ll buy a.thousand at 82,” he called out in a .‘
strident voice. “One thousand at 82." b

At this, several clamorous hands were raised ,._1’
and shaken at him furiously. Again his ‘voice was ' ‘

heard. - / ‘
“Any part of a thousand at 82 1-8—82 1-2—— ' 
 

   
 
         
  

  

82 5-8."
‘ A big broker broke into the circle with
hand upraised. -

“Done!” cried Wilcutt. , ‘ * 1‘

Both men now made an entry in their tablets.
It was impossible for Billy to hear the bids that:
were made, but twice again an entry in Willonws .
book seemed to indicate that he had acoevmd
offers. Then the broker for whom the boy brought
the note stepped up. and~Bi'1ly handed it overéto ~ »
him. and left the Exchange. The boys was ilﬁqst‘ "
certain that he had spotted the stock the syndiato ‘ ‘
was trying to gather in beforetheboom got ‘fair! _
started and the price went up. That night I.  1
D. had advanced to 84 from 71 5-8 in the 
ing. Next day hebad another note to take to.
the‘Exchange. and he found out that Willeutt
was still loading up with the same shares. The

stock had gone to 85 1-8. .  ’ .
he got back to the __

 
       
 
 

   
          
      
 

  
     
      
  
 

  
 
   
     
        
 

“Kittie.” he said, when
ﬁoe, ,“I am almost sure I've got onto the stock.
Willcutt is buying it to beat the hand.’ -'

“What is it‘!"_ ‘ ‘y .
. it was 80 last week. It is now.»lK_
_ _ better b _ g your money over intiof

morning if you're g ing into this deal with me‘,
“Allright. Billy. If I decide to do so, I'lI‘liI_VU _.
the money on hand." I Y ,_= -
Moss found'out enough that afternoon to 
his doubts’ at rest. He was satisﬁed J. & Iliad
the d’.ock~-the svndimte was buying in.“ Kitﬂn
apparently had got a‘ touch of the fever. for 
Qianded Billy her 8250 when she came into the gig»;
ﬁce next morning. . young messe 
»wrote a note to’ Mr. Colt asﬁng him-to buys _
shares of J.‘ ﬁll). at 8_6-on 
taking ,tho:necessary‘nIﬂI|_¢Y, ._ of V ‘
fa ﬁgs»:  
v- my ‘  ‘ ;. I’

        
     
 

  
    
 

   

  
 
     
    

   
  

  
     
  

 

  
        
 

 
 

       

5

   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
     
  
    
  
  
  
 
       

ON HIS

' '-Do you think it may go as high as that?”
she asked, eagerly. ~
. x 7 “I couldn't say how high it will go; but I
* ’shouldn’t be surprised if it went to par, for the
market is buoyant on these days, and the bears
are all under cover." a
To Billy's astonishment J. & D. went up more
rapidly thanany other stock he remembered since
i" ‘he came to the Street. Every other broker seemed

count or for customers. Three days later it was
on the ticker at 96, an advance of $10 a share.
That very afternoon he overheard two brokers
talking in front of the Exchange, one of whom,
' j from something he said, he had reason to suspect
was axmember of the J. & D. syndicate, and from
whathe heard he came to the conclusion that
' the stock was getting top-heavy. So at the first
;chance he ran into Colt’s office and orderedhis
‘shares sold. Inside of ten minutes it was accom-
“hlished at 98 1-2, and was one of the last sales
,. To!’ the day. Then Billy sat down and ﬁgured
=  what he and Kittie had made out of the deal.
’ :3; found that he had clgred $2_4,000, and Kittie
 ‘ They were both highly delighted over their

 luck. .

2 .

.“cna1='r1-2'3 XI—-Billy Carries a Message roi-
. -‘ T . Kittie Armstrong.

 

Billy was so tickled over the fact of winning
$4,600 on one investment that he kept awake
half the nights of the following week trying to
ﬁgure out how he could make $24,000 more- H0
.: wasn't very successful, and ﬁnally gave uﬁ the
pgﬂort. About this time his mother found a ouse
~‘ﬁ3at«~s_uited her. the price °f which vza $4.800.
. and she asked Billy to go and look at it. . He did
'-‘io, and found it satisfactory. It was located in
the more settled part of the Bronx. not _far from
Man elevated railroad station. Accordingly, he
gave his mother $690 to pay down on the C911-
tract. pending exammation of title. As the title
“proved to be’ all righ she paid the balance at the
5 end of thirty days. I en Billy handed her $1,200
_ »'-to furnish it with, so that when they ﬁnally moved
. to‘their own home _it stood him‘ lll $6,000, which
‘she felt he could easily spare, as he had $43,000
‘ t— on deposit with Banker Colt. The banker,
when he learned what he had done with the
, ' his good-sense. and advised him
"go" give his mother the» odd $3,000 for an emer-

' fundhwhich-the boy promptly did.
 (‘yw,"$‘toll,&lg'l’lt Bt}i11ly.wj‘iiifi 11‘ should happen to
-4, an ,!no er. aveahoroe or us
‘hairs’; and 616.81‘.-as well as $3,000 in the bank
‘to  A bo_y’s best friend is his mother. and

I ‘‘.to do all I can for mine.’ _ _
was about this tune that oneof K1tt1e’s ad-

   
      
    
  
   
  
   
  
    
 
   
  

»

  
   

 
 

     
  

‘he: a tip on 1: market. Shewanted to
21:. it. 1 there was nothing mean
. ‘git ' but ‘had given ‘her word of
 tmlpaeathe sword about .it., She won-
igthere was any waytshe could, get around

andshe
.ﬂ,

  
  

‘ .

A _ to be after some of it, either on their own ac-

,,.§nd she ha quite a number of them. '

 

METTLE 16

and then she asked Billy if he thought the stock
was going to boom. “

“What makes you think it is ?" he asked her.

“I had a dream the other night,” she began. ‘

“I often have dreams myself, Kittie, and I
don’t take, any stock in them.”

“If you dreamed a stock that was going at 60
had gone up to par, wouldn't you take a chance .
with it .” _ -

“I might, and I might not. If I did anything,
it would be to try and ﬁnd out the reason for
the rise. If I discovered that a syndicate-—‘——” .

“That's just what I found out, that a syndicate
was at the back of N. ‘& L., and was going to
boost it into the, clouds." ‘ '

“You found that out, did you 7" replied the boy
in surprise. “How?”
in“;I‘hat was in the dream,” she answered, laugh-.

3' Y-

“Oh, it was. A good many syndicates are started
that are not a bit more substantial than a dream.’

“Don’t you think N. &. L. a good stock ?” she
asked, anxiously. .

“It's good enough when the speculators leave
it alone.” .

“I wish you would find out something about '
that stock for me, Billy," she said. earnestly. ,

“What makes you so interested in N. & L., ‘-
Kittie ?" he asked curiously. ' - - '

“I ‘just want to know," she replied. in an oil-
hand way. 1:".

“All right. I'll try to do so. but I can’t\p1-omlse
you that I'll be successful.’ ’

That do ' he went down and asked Mr. Colt .—
if he coul tell him anything about N. & L.

The banker looked at Bill sharply. ~

"I can tell you this much a ut it. that if you're
thinking of buying it you want jg leave it severely
alone. I give you that advice as a friend.”

“I had no intention of buying the stock.
unless I got hold of favorable intelligence.
certainly will have nothing to do with it after ‘
what you have said about ' _

He thanked the banker. an when he got back
ltlomthe oﬁice he told Kittie what Mr. Colt told ..

 

 

“'1

 

“I wouldn't touch that stock myself with a ten-’
foot pole." he said. "

Kittie turned white. and looked as if she were
_going to faint. , ' ‘-

“Why, what's the matter, Kittie?" he asked.
with some concern.

She dropped her face in her hands and began

to cry. _.
Wl'.at’s come over you, Kittie?‘ '

 

 
     
  
      
     
  
    
     
  
 
 
 

“My gracious!
he said again. . . . . .-
Then she sobbed out what she had done with 
her $600. '
“Who is this man who induced you to buy #5
hundred shares of N. J: L.?” .
- “He is bookkeeper for Casey & Pratt." ' ‘ 1 ‘ '
_ “$lld you gave him your $6001‘ -._ 
“ es.” - ‘ ;."‘
“Are yousure he ' to be trusted? Hoirlong‘ I
have you known him'."’ '. - ' _- f ._
‘my home." . k. ;~““- ‘ *

      
  
  

  

 
    

“About a year. He calls at
:;o see you?". .

 ON HIS

 

'16

“No.” -

“Wait a moment, Kittie.”

Billy went out in the reception—room and looked
at the tape till he came to the last quotation
of N. & L., which was 63 1-3. He returned to the
stenographer.

_ “You gave 60 for your stock. It is now 63 1-8.
'You’d better write a note. telling your friend
Smith that you have decided to sell your 100
shares at the market price. I‘ll deliver the note
for you."

Kittie agreed to do so. She typewrote the note

» and signed it. Billy put on his hat and carried
the note to Casey & Pratt's oﬂice.

“I'd like to see Mr. Ferdinand Smith," said Billy
of the oﬂice boy.

“Take a seat and/I'll call him. What name
shall I say?” ,

“Just say I have brought a message ‘from
“Miss Armstrong.” I

_ Mr. Smith, a sleek, sandy-complexioned chap,
.7; ‘ came out at once. Billy didn't like his face for
a cent. ‘

“Well?” asked Mr. Smith. '
The boy handed him the note without a word.

‘ . The bookkeeper read it, and it was evident that

. - ' he wasn’t pleased.
. ‘ “Tell Miss Armstrong I will see her this even-
ing at her home," he said.
“All right. But I have been instructed to get
i_’ an answer from you in regard to the sale of
‘ those 100 shares at N. & L. that you bought for
Miss Armstrong at 60 on a ten per cent. margin a
few days ago. The shares now rule at 63 1-8,
which gives her a proﬁt. less commissions. of
3312. She doesn't care to hold the shares any lon-
ger, as she has been told that the price is liable
to go downyat any moment. She expects you
to sell at once. am wishes an answer from you to
that effect." ‘
’ “Do you now who you are talking to ?” cried
the bookkeeper. angrily. You are an impertinent
 iackanapesl Get gut, of the oﬂice, or I'll kick
you out!”
i , "I wouldn't advise you to attempt to kick me.
Mr. Smith: it might not be healthy for you,"
, replied Billy, coolly.
with Miss Armstrong’: order. or aren't you?"

“None of your business," answered the.book-
keeper, turning on his heel and leaving him in
the middle of the room. a

 

 

cnlirrnn xn—‘siuy Gets Square with Fer-
dinand Smith, and Kittie Comes Out on Top.

 Billy walked over to the ofllce boy. who was fur-
«tively watching him. _ _
‘ ‘I: Mr. Casey or Mr. Pratt in?" he inquired.
:Mr. Casey is in. Do you want to see him ‘."’
i‘lV-.!'Wha.t’s your business with him?"
“Tell ﬂr.»Casey that William Moss. messen-
, from Washington. Hooper. No. —- Wall
_, .bv;ishes to see him”
 . Y
ﬁﬂlﬁhﬂ carhdgtghehmessan
 _ . einner
 young man.’
«  Guava Fro»; 

I

to his employer. Billy

      

“Are you going to comply

looked douhtfully at Billy. but never- .

said Mr. Casey, “what can.‘

   
  

METTLE

Ferdinand Smith bought 100 shares of N. & L.
at 60 for Mr. Hooper’s stenographer. Miss Arm-
strong, she paying him $600'as margin. The stock
is now quoted at 63 1-8, and Miss Armstrong sent
me over with a note to Mr. Smith requesting hini,
to dispose of her shares at that price at once.
I gave him the note. and when he read it he
looked as if something had disagreed with him.
I asked him if he intended to do as Miss Arm-
strong wished. and he called me an impertinent
jackanapes, and said if I didn’t get out of the
oﬁice he'd kick me out. I’ve been Mr. Hooper’:
messenger for a year and a half, and never was
treated that way before. However, I didn't come
in here to complain about that. I came in to ask
you to see that Mr. Smith does the right thing
about those shares. I'm sorry to say so. but
it's my opinion he intends to do our stenographer
out of her money. She is entitled to $312 proﬁt
on the deal, less commissions, at the present
ruling ﬁgure, and I am here to see that she gets
it, ‘or ﬁnd out the reason why not,” said the boy
pluckily.

-Mr. Cases; heard Billy through without inter-
rupting him. After asking a question or two,
he. sent for his bookkeeper. Mr. Smith ap-
peared and scowled when he saw Billy. I

“Did this boy bring a message to you from
Miss Armstrong. Mr. Washington Hooper. stenog-
rapher?”

“Yes, sir." '

“He complains that you insulted hiln. Did you
call him an jmpertinent jackanapes, and tell him
that if he didn't get out of this oﬂice you would
kick him out?”

“I did. He was im rtinent." e.

“In What way was e impertiiient?” ' 

Mr._Sm1th explained that he had read the note ..
and given the boy a verbal answer to take back‘ 
to Miss Armstrong. whereupon instead of leaving ,3
the oﬁce he had addressed him ( Smith) in a saucy  ’?
way relative to a matter that was entirely of a 
private nature, and which concerned only him and ‘
the young lady in ‘question. ‘V

“Mr. Smith’: said Mr. Casey. “did you take an 
order from Miss Armstrong a few days ago to
purchase for her 100 shares of N. & L., at 60, .
accepting $600 from her to cover the margin of r;
same '3”

fl beg your pardon. Mr. Casey, but that is a _ 1
prligate matter between Miss Armstrong and Iny- ‘ ‘I
so . _ , '
‘‘D_id the lady sent you a request by this hd »
to ciiggose of that stock at the market ﬁzﬂte at‘ as
0“ ' R.

“Excuse me, Mr. Casey, but I cannot disclose. U;
the nature of that communication.” ’ 1;;

“Mr. Casey." spoke up Bill . ‘Miss Armstrong ‘:4
told me herself that your kkeeper induced 5 1
her to ‘go into this deal with the assurance that .
the stock was to be boomed by a syndicate, gap
watthshe wogld  a 3|:-ofrt oi $2_6 ‘per. _ 1

an un erstandnig. ,
all the money she has. She found out 
that her investment was a precarious one._ 
being advised to sell out as soon as possible in
sent me around with instructions to thatoﬂcd
to ltr. Smith. I was expectutto bung

mg

   

§
.1
5
3

I
.; gm


a deﬁnitsanswer, but Kr. Smith refund to“? y 9
,;=-» W~'.“4,;g_°s  his-wuss  

   
  
   

      
  
 

  
  

   
  

  
   

lisirgltold . v_ 3
i V ,- V, ./ ._ ‘ 1

 
 

  

 ON HIS ME'I'I‘LE 17

‘I told him to tell Miss Armstrong I would call
I on her this evening,” said the bookkeeper. sulkily.
“Miss Armstrong would not consider that a
‘satisfactory answer.” replied I_3i1ly. _ ”
~ . _"It is not your business to decide that question,

' the bookkeeper angrily. ,

“All right," answered Billy. ‘‘I want to tell
you right here in Mr. Casey's presence that Miss
Armstrong will hold you responsible for the sale
"of those hundred shares of N. & L. at 63 1-8,
If you don't pay up you may
expect Mr. Hooper ‘to lodge a formal complaint
against you with your employers.’ That is all I ve
,got to say. I am very much obliged to you, Mr.
Casey. for listening to me. and I will now bid
,_you good-day.” _

- With those words Billy marched out of the of-
lice. and took his way to Wall Street, to report
the result pf his mission to Kittie.’ and let her
understand what- he thought about Mr. Fer-
-dinand Smith. Casey 82 Pratt's bookkeeper did
not call at Kittie Armstrong’s hoiise that night;
neither did he send any statement to her next
day relative _to her investment in N. & L. stock,
which advanced in the market to 63 1-2.
~-three o'clock Billy insisted that Kittie tell Mr.
Hooper about the matter... She didn’t want to do
 but the boy said he would tell the boss if
did not, as he was bound that Ferdinand
girl up if he conlil help it.

so it's up to you.

;Smi1.'n shouldn't do the

as the young lady has no evidence to show that
she gave the fellow the money. if he chose to
deny the fact in court, his word is as good as
hers, and the chances are he would be discharged
by the magistrate. Now. you say he's a nightly
hanger-on at Nagle's on th Avenue? I'll
give you a note to John Mulligan. a wardman and
particular friend of mine. You'll ﬁnd him at
125th Street station. He'll get you inside of the
poolroom, where you can point out Smith to

him, if he's there. Mulligan is a good hand at _

a bluff game. Maybe he can intimidate Smith
into giving up the money if he has it."
Oﬁicer Daly wrote the note and gave it to
Billy. who thanked him. Early that evening Billy
came down from the Bronx and called on John
Mulligan who, after reading Daly’s communica-
tion, agreed to take a hand in the matter. They
went together to Nagle’s, where Ferdinand Smith
was discovered at the bar treating several of the
habitues, and in a particularly jolly mood. Mul-
ligan found out from the barkeeper that Smith
had made a ten-strike that afternoon. He had
backed a horse heavily and had won $800. He
had the money in his clothes at that moment.
Mulligan’ and Billy followed Smith up the street
to his lodgings. and as he was about to enter
the house, the wardman stepped up and told
Smith that he had a warrant for his arrest.
Smith was paralyzed, and wilted at once when

he saw Billy, whom he recognized.

Hooper, and the broker sent

‘So Kittie, told Mr.
3 a statement of the case by his messenger to Casey
ﬁttt.

Er. Casey rehirned word that Ferdinand Smith
 failed to show up at the oﬁice that day, and
‘that he had decided to discharge the man unless
; upturned Miss Armstrong her $5500 investment,
elected a compromise in relation to the $312.
Billy was waiting for Casey (2 Pratt's
tenographer to typewrite this reply, one of the
elm-‘ts. who apparently had no love for Mr. Smith,
nd who seemed to have learned that the book-
-. eeper had got 8600 from Miss Armstrang, came
-‘ out into the reception-room and told the boy
thatyhe guessed Smith had thrown up his job.
‘I eon give you a hint where Smith is likely to

 
 

y eagerly".

'5, corner of 1 th Street and —-—th

_ ere’: a poolrooui in the rear. and

' Smith. who lives on 127th

nearly every night_ to place money’ on next day’:

llect his winnings iflhlos been llgcktyi

rentem r a

return to the ofllce. with Mr.
said nothing to either Mr, H
" '_ orvlitﬁe ‘about what the clerk had told him.
to the boy that Smith was a race-
, and that the money he had ob-

. goes the:-'9
and
4"»!'lianks.' replied the boy. \

,;C.oaor's letter.-

  

A ‘from Miss Armstrong had probably

the races. It made Billy mod to think for some months, as the
he had won for the girl on the market '
. ‘sacriﬁced in this manner. As

he left the oﬂce for home he hunted up

.j~Daly. and found, him on Beaver Street.

the .
him. if he could a
u   .of_ the $600 he

   
   
 

3.

 
  
  
 
 

e of the case.
at any way‘ to

“Can't this thing be squared ‘.’” he asked in a
tremnlous tone. _

Mulligan said it could not—he would have to
lock him up. Then Billy. as it had been ar-
ranged beforehand, interposed. x.

“If you'll come up with $600, plus 3275," said
the boy, “I'll see that you get oil‘, Mr. Smith.”

Mulligan obJected strenuously to any such ar-

rangement, and threatened to lock up, Billy, too. '

Smith oﬁered Mulligan $25 if he would permit
him to settle with Billy on the terms proposed.
The ward man ﬁnally reluctantly yielded. when
the boy remarked that Smith would lose his job
if he was brought into court. even if he was
discharged. So the matter was one

Smith  down all the money he _ .
Then Mulligan and Mr. Hooper’: messenger went
off chuckling at the success of their little ruse.
_ Next morning Billy handed Kittie $850, retain-

 

25 to present with the girl’s compliments

1313
to Oﬂlcer Daly.

, .

CHAPTER X.III;Billv mm.-.4 . Dandy Scoop.
About a month after this affair Billy db,

covered that a combination was being formed to
boom D. & G shares. 

. He had his hit rau-
tion from a reliable source. butzolie w.s¢.'.’a tin

hesawsomeindicationofthemoveonthetape. 
The dthereabo 

shareahadbeengo

 

 
 
  
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 

  

is

_ 83 the outside,” he said to Billy.

 

, :3.

ma
. rs.
 jiittfe that afternoon when Billy

  

xv

“If this stock
goes down instead of up, I shall feel bound to
come to your rescue, because 1 don't want to see
you lose your money.”

“Mr. Colt," replied the boy, ﬁrmly, “this is
simply a matter of business between you and I,
and I shall not allow your friendship to interfere
in the matter. If I should lose my money it's
my own lookout. I have made the money my-
self, and I expect to make a million yet out of
the market. It takes some nerve to operate as
I am doing. I am cultivating it with a view to
the future, therefore I don't wish you to spoil
it. I don’t want to own a dollar that I haven’t
made by my own eﬂ’orts. I may be lucky in

getting next to good pointers, but they would?

not amount to much if I did not use the right
judgment in working them up. Unless you will
allow me to carry .on my business along my own
lines, I shall feel obliged to remove my custom
from your oﬂice. I say this with all due respect,
Mr. Colt, and I don’t wish you to think I am
ungrateful to you for your- advice, and your
friendly interest in my affairs. I am only a boy,
it is«true,»sir, but I think, I have almost proved

that I have a ma.n’s.head on my shoulders. I‘

4 consider that in every deal I undertake that I
am on my mettle-—that it is up to me to show
what I can do. I try not to bite off more than

I I can chew, but, of course, I am liable to make
a mistake once in a while. If there is an operator
in Wall Street who doesn't, he’s a phenomenon,
and ought to be put on exhibition.”

The banker was not offended by the lad's plain

In fact he admired his grit and determina-

tion more than ever. He said to himself that this

, boy was bound to succeed in the end, in spite of

reverses that come to every one in some point
of their career. So Billy had his own way._ Ho
0180 bought sixty shares of D. dz G. for Kittie,
on a separate deal. handing her the memoran-
dum furnished by Banker Colt. Hetold her it

' was more business-like. and that he preferred to

have it -that way, after her imfortuna ex-
perience at the hands of Ferdinand Smith. _ree
‘days later, D. dv. G. shares took a sudden rise,
going-from 91 to 96 in a couple of hours, and
many brokers were to be‘seen run_ninR' to and
fro onthe ﬂoor of the Exchange, trying to secure
“some of the stock. By the morning following,
the shares had leaped up to 102. and than was
: great excitement on the market. _The majority of
stocks advanced severa1_points, some more
others, in sympathy with D. & G. The
"bears made a bold raid that day and the quota-
"uons nuctuhted all round. G. dropped to
and ﬁnally going back with a rush again to

' ..-iron’;-e the luckiest boy in the Street.” cried
' dropped around
V l ; “You're nearly
,m0 ahead on this deal. And I'm a lucky rl
 with 1011., for I have made 3 20
on my 60 shares. more than doubling
. J-l‘0‘Y°l_1It0inlt~l"osell? .
 deeidbdqs Kittie. The _market looks
 ct.  I ﬁnd;~it'e. _ 
'“’  '),-Ifirgetioot so u ckly. that it in

my little
9! .

 
 
  

  

just before the Exchange closed for, they

     
     

keep ;

ON HIS METTLE

1’
when Mr. Hooper keeps you on the move almost
all the time.”

“Every office I go in I get a sight at the tape.
and that enables me to keep up with things.
Then I keep my eyes and ears wide open. Brokers-
are always discussing the situation, and figuring
on how the market“ is likely to go. I hear them
constantly throwing out their guesses, and their
reasons therefor. and I unite my opinions to
theirs, using my own judgment in addition."

“I never saw a: boy like you. You aren't ner-
vous or excited a bit. Why, if I stood to win
$50,000 or lose it, like you do at this moment,
I couldn’t keep still in my chair. Even as it is
With my poor little $720, I'm so excited and

 

worked up, lest the market go to pieces in the .

morning, and I might lose all that proﬁt, which
means a great deal to me, that I don’t believe
I'll sleep a wink to-night.” _

“Pshaw! Learn to take it cool, Kittie. If I
was to get rattled over a deal I don’t know
where I’d come out. Why, some months ago I
heard that Broker Elliott lost nearly a million on‘
a certain stock inside of an hour. Everybody
knew it, too, and expected to see him throw up
his hands and go to the walL They began
to sympathize with him over his losses, because
he was a good fellow, and all the other brokers

because he'd been hit so hard."
“Did he fail?” asked Kittie.

liked him, and really felt sorry after a fashion

1

and was more than $100,000 in debt on top of it.‘

“He did not, though it afterward came out that
he had lost every dollar he owned‘in the world»-

 

“How did he manage to meet his engage-» T’

ments '1"

« “l3y keeping his mouth shut, and putting up
a"big bluﬂ'. He gave the synipathizers the laugh.
Said he wasn't down and out yet. in spite of
his setbacks._ He'd have some of their "scalp:
yet dangling in his wigwam, and so forth.

oﬂ, and
among his particular friends. they chipped in

without saying a word about security- If they A

had known the .truth—that he reallyywas ﬂat

The “
result was, everybody believed he was still well] “
when he went around to raise a loa.n'

broke, with only his seat on the Exchangie to _,
offset debts of twice its value—they would never '
have come up with a cent, and he would have been ‘

forced out of the .Street.. Three months from «

that time he didn’t owe a cent. and had more

than a hundred thousand to his credit in bank. ,

> That shows you the advantage of a still mouth “

and a wise head. as Mr. Hooper said he wanted "

in a boy when he took me on here.”

Kittie agreed that there were advan in

knowing when to keep one’s mouth sh and ,

when to open it.

Next niorning D. & G. opened at 104 8-8,  '

kept on going up amid the wildest excitement
of the year. When it reached 1.10, ' ‘

a broker in Ex ge Place. an-so
brokers gathered around the indicator at the ﬁine,
waiting for an interview with the head of

noticed thatthey were all distrustful  y
present state of he market. They said lg.

a decidcdlyunhealtliiul look. and that they I
for; break in prices at  Therein

  

 e

the.
ﬁrm. Billy listenedto their conversation.

  

  

good deal of conﬁdence in their opinions. As a
_consequence, before he returned to the office, he
‘stopped at Mr. Colt’s bank and ordered the mar-
gin clerk to sell his stock and Kittie's at once.
It was done inside of ﬁfteen minutes at 110 5-8.
When Billy ﬁat back to his own office, he went
in and told ittie what he had done.

“I'm so glad," she_exclaimed with a sigh of
relief. “Really I’ve been frightfully nervous all
morning. I'm such a ﬁdgety thing that I think
I ought not make any more ventures on the
market.” ‘

“Oh, nonsense!‘
and I'll make your fortune.
stand.” .

They ﬁgured it up together, and Billy found
 that he .had won a triﬂe over $75,000, while Kittie
2 had made $1,100.

“My goodness!" Kittie cried. “I'm worth $1,700
now. And just to think, mother doesn't know a
‘ g" about it. I'm going to surprise her with
.- 9 ‘‘That’s right, Kittie, don’t forget your mother.
_:._\ She's the whole thing with me.” ‘

. “I believe that's why you're so lucky-—you’re
so good to your mother," she said admiringly.
- “It always ays to be good to your mother,
‘  Just c nsider what a fellow’s mother does
for him, when he isn't able to take care of him-
self. No boy can be too grateful. I have heard
of pretty tough boys. and men. too, who were
saved from crime because they happened to think
of the efect it would have on their mother.”.

‘ "Boys are generally more thoughtless with re-

spect to mothers than girls," said Kittie; “but

they love them just"the same." ‘

“I love mine all right, don't you forget it, and
zfis; and I guess I'd love you, too, if I was older
than you, instead of younger."

Kittie laughedand blushed and said she guessed
she wasn't old enough to be his grandmother yet.

  

 

‘ ?‘r"xv

You want to keep next to me
Let’s see where we

 

 

 

_«L
K i.

 

r.
i
F'-
y

CHAPTER XIV—Conclusion.

scarcely more than an hour after Billy had
closed his deal. the market went to pieces with
an uproar that found echoes all over Wall Street.
; .3anker Colt‘ was in an Exchange Place office
-.., i when he heard of the panic._ He had gone into D.
3-: .4 G. on the strength of Billy’s deal, for he was
i certain the boy was operating on a bonaﬁde tip

undlie had soldout that inorningand had cle
' over $200,000. for he had bought 10,000 shares.

   
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
  

and unaware of the fact that the boy had vial

his oflice while he was out. he was afraid the

young messenger had overstepped the mark this

— time in his eagerness to make a big proﬁt. He

v " run to a telephone and called up Mr. Hooper’:
. oﬂee. One of the clerks answered him. ._
3 ;‘'Is Billy .Moss in the_omce?" he asked.
‘Yes. sir. Just came in.”

.‘Call him to the ‘phone. please.” _
"Hellol- Who's this 7" asked the boy when he

. went inm the booth.

2-“ r. Colt. Is that you, Billy?”

 es. sir." - . ..

. :"The market is’on the slump. How about your

. ﬂares of D. & _G.2 Shall I call up our broker

.  I , .

4

   

‘ ON HIS METFLE

Not having received an order from Billy to 

1?

in the Exchange and have him throw your stock
on“the market for what it will bring?"

I ha-V9n’t any D. & G. left, sir. I told your
margin clerk an hour ago to sell my holdings
3-“El M155 Armstrong's Sixty shares at the market
W108. and I _S11DD0Se he attended to the matter.
At any rate it seems to be up to you,” and Billy
laughed.

‘Tm glad to hear it.
been caught. Good-by."

“That's one on Mr. Colt,” grinned the boy,
as he left the booth. “But it was very kind of
him to notify me.”

After the slump in the market, which had af-
fected all stocks alike, there was a lull in Wall
Street affairs. and some of the brokers took
adVaY1l&3Ite of the fact to leave town for a few
davs. It_was late in June, and the warm days
were coming on. Banker Colt told l_3illy that he'd
hke him to go on a ﬁshing trip with him for a
Week if he could get away.

We“. 81!‘. 1'}! like to go ﬁshing very much, in-
degd. thoughnl in not an expert at the business."

Few 8-re. responded the" banker. “I think
You'll be able to extract enough fun out of it to
Dayl you.” I H

“ guess ', '. Wh v ' 2"

The b..n_n.J"me‘§’.‘c'ao..ea iﬁ “Edi” "°""

“What kind of ﬁsh can you catch there ?" asked
the boy.‘
eral:V?;g;rb:§sone thing. and trout, and sev-

“ at will be fine,” replied Billy, gleefully. “I
‘'33 d°,Wn to Sheepshead Bay last Sunday all
day, with a friend of mine. We had new ’ es
and ﬁrst—class bait, but all we caught were a fey}
ﬂolinders.”
ed ;I}'1l';a{:mvrvl'i1;ra waste of good time, Billy,” laugh-

“I guess it was, Mr. C lt,” Ii d Bin ' _
1112‘ up his hat. “I'll ask°Mr.  u-¥ﬁgl:-ft,
morning if I can have a week oﬂ. I'll let you
know the result over the ’phone.’'

Billy got his week oil’, . and went with Mn.
Colt and another banker for a week's ﬁshing up
Long Island Sound. When he got back to Wall
St3'°€t 8-Rain, he felt like a new boy. .

“I had the time of my life. Kittie," be told
the stenograplier enthusiastically. “I must have
°‘“K!1t 3 hundnd fish. and some of them were
39 but as that." and the boy indicated with his
build. a svace of about, ten inches." ‘

‘ghggslimgoglgih did you catch, Billy 2" _

:“Did you catch any crabs?” .
....-9.2’ .;°:...‘..:“::3::.,= ;.':‘“....":.'.:.§. "W" W“

‘Where did you and the gentleman go?”

“(_;T¢3l5 50113}, Bay. We went out every morn-
lnl “‘ 5 H°°d'S13°d ¢8tl>08t. and stayed all day.”

“I rather envy the good time you had_ B‘my_.

“Say. Kittie, don't You wish you was a boy
someti_mes?:’ _ '

{Kittie smiled and cocked her head on one side.

You want to know too much,’ she said, gum-
ing to her machine and beginning to tap the keys.
Bill)’ took that as a sign that she had nothing fa}.
ther to say, and he returned to his post in the
outer oﬂice-.v Toward the end of that week busi-
"€55 5923" W Vick uv again. and» Billy keptrpretty
wide awake on the lookout for another good thing;

I

I was afraid you had

. V ,
.."'  ‘ ». . —r"   , '~ ‘ - .l _,;.-_,

 

  

I ,bound to say I admire your nerve.
., a spectator on the Street, no matter what his age
‘ and experinec

‘and signed an order on

 _ apdwbanthexfeundthe
In-no:-no 

 

20

Nothing turned up that he thought safe enough
to tackle until early in September, when he ac-
companied Mr. Hooper one morning to a safe
deposit company. He sat down in~the reception-
room to wait for his boss, who had gone into the

_ big vault to get a package of securities out of

his box. He picked up a copy of a morning paper,
and was getting interested in the baseball scores,
when three ladies came in. While waiting for an
attendant to come, one of them told the others
in conﬁdence that her husband had promised her
the finest sealskin jacket in the city.

“He is going to make a barrel of money out

‘ of a pool he's gone into to boom Louisville

Nashville. He told me last night they expected
to start in buying right away, and that I may
Expect the money for my jacket inside of ten
ays.” .

“That was all Billy heard, but it was enough
to set him on the watch for early development
in L. & N. shares. Next morning he noticed
that 10,000 shares of that stock had changed
hands the day previous at 86. On Monday, L. &
N. had gone up half a point by noon. and when
the Exchange closed it was quoted at 88, with
30,000 shares recorded as having been sold since
morning.

“That begins to look like business," said Billy
to himself. “It looks like a safe proposition for
me to tackle. I must see if Kittie is game for
another plunge."

The pretty stenographer hesitated whether to
go into the market again or not.

Billy drew such a glowing picture of what she
might expect to make this trip with her $1,700
capital that she was persuaded to yield to his
request, and next day she drew her money from
the savings bank and gave it to him. Billy took
the tint chance to call on Banker Colt.

“What it is this time, Billy ?" asked the banker,
when the boy took his seat by the side of his desk.
0 "It's 10,000 shares of L. & N. at the market
price for me and 200 shares of ditto for Miss
Armstrong,” replied the young spectator serenely.

The broker whistled. . '

“There's nothing slow about you, young man}?
he said. “Evidently you are taking the road to
either Salt River, or a quarter of a million. I am
There isn't

, that has more. You are always on

ur mettle. I hope you will win out again,
y; but don't forget the table of the pitcher
the well. or the proverb that it's a long
road that has no turning”
Billy handed the banker Kittie’s $1,700 cash,
his own account for
$88.000 to cover his margin. Two days after he
had made the deal, the shares were quoted at

A . 92, which represented a paper proﬁt to him al-

ready of between thirty and forty thousand dol-
 , Kittie, of course, was delighted. for her

. own winnings were above $700. .
7‘; “Nothing succeeds like success, does it, Kittie,’ L

edtheboytoher. “ﬂerelamrun '
strands to; Broker Hooper at $7 per week, an

7*‘-W same earning thousands of dollars a day »

ulheo

"alert-da 1.? iv. wasbeing much sought new
shares

.W1N°.~'3  .

 

ON HIS 

that in two more days carried the price to 103.
Billy ordered 2,000 of his shares sold at that ﬁg-
ure, on which he made a profit of something
over $27,000. Next day he disposed of 2,000 more
at $105, clearing $33,000. He now felt perfectly
safe, for he had $122,000 cash in the banker's
hand. On the following day he let 3,000 shares
more out at 108, and then sold Kittie’s holding at
108 3-8, on which the girl netted about $4,000.
making her worth together $5,700. She couldn‘t
hold the secret any longer from her mother. and
when Mrs. Armstrong recovered from her sug-
prise, she was the most delighted woman in
Brooklyn. '

Next day the shares had mounted to 110, at '

which price Billie told Mr. Colt to let go the rest
of his holdings on the market. The 3,000 shares
were greedily snapped up as soon as offered, and
the young messenger-speculator added $65,000
more to his account. Altogether he had made
$183,4000 out of L. & N., which added to his
capital, made him worth $298,000. V,
“Papa says you are worth over a quarter of a
million, Will,’»' said Edith Colt, on the occasion
oféxins next visit. “And that you made it all your-
se . -
“What your father says must be true,” laughed
Billy, who was on the most intimate terms with
the millionaire banker’s youngest daughter.

“You’re a smart boy. aren't you?" she replied. _

admiringly.
. “Don't ask me to blow my horn,” he answered.

“If I am as smart as you are pretty. I shall 

be perfectly satisﬁed with myself.”

“Aren't you complimentary!’ she cried, with a 

pleased look. “Papa says you are making a lot

of money for Miss Armstrong in your oﬂice. Who _ -ii

is she? Do you like her a great deal?"
“I like her very much indeed, Edith. but not
a quarter as much as I like you.” .
“Oh, I don't believe that," with a pout.
“I hope to prove it some day if you'll let me.
I am out for a million for a particular purpose.‘
“What is it? Tell me, won't you ? Do. please.‘
“I'll tell you when I've collared‘ the million."
kn“Won’t you tell me now," coaxingly, “I want to
ow.

Billy shook his head.

“I promise to tell you some daygeven if I fall ‘

to get the million.”

He _told her five years from that night, when l

he was twenty-one years of age, and she twenty.
and at the same time he asked her a very impor-
tant question. .

She said “Yes” to it. but said he'd have to mu.‘ 

to her father and mother. Billy interviewed with
Mrs. Colt first, after getting Constance to smooth
the way for him, and the reply was so satia-
factory that the boy plucked u
to bring the subject before the nker.

and so two years later Edith became Mrs. Bill

Moss, notwithstanding he had t t acquired -'
the million. though he was well biz‘: tlieejoad to it. 1

Next week’: issue will contain “A LI3CK_!.'.: ;:

cnmcs; on, name spawns on, 

   

courise enough ‘ fig

_ _ Mr. Colt f,‘

said 11 Mrs. Colt said yes he had no objection, "
.V

 

  
   
 

 

'.."« ‘

   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
   
   

SCIENCE IN SHOESHINES

 A Paris bootblack now uses is palette when
 women’s shoes, The Parisian women's
jhoes vary so much in color that he found it often
jiﬁcult to get the right hueoof cream to match.
Boon his palette he puts a number of different
creams and combines them in varying proportions
according to the tone of the shoes with. which
has to deal. .

 

CARRIED i3ooz_E’ “Iii CORSET

The police in making ‘an arrest in Pine Bluff,
Ho. discovered the newest thing in bootlegging
ment in the form of a copper corset, worn
~ accused an. It was in two sections and
was laced in the back. ' y
Hollow in the front it narrowed toward the
inch. It was“ﬁtted at the top with a screw cap
Ind at tit bottom small petcocks were fashioned

FAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY ' 21
CURRENT NEWS

 

to draw off the liquor. Some moonshine whisky
was in the corset when it was removed in Jail.

DUCKS USE WINGS TO SWIM UNDER
WATER '

Do ducks use their wings while swimming un-
der water? The question is discussed frequently
among sportmen and nature students, and
opinions sometimes differ. Testimony of reliable

authorities, says Popular Mechanics, supports the_

belief that various species of ducks and grebes,
loons and other diving birds do not use their
wings when swimming beneath the surface for
bod or in trying to escape capture. A‘ruddy
duck was observed ‘on Lake Michigan not long
ago. feeding in fifteen or twenty feet of clear
water. As it got well started on its downward
plunge. the wings, about two-thirds, extended,
were used in quick short strokes. at the rate of

about one a second to assist in propelling it and ,

in rising to the top as well.

  
   
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
       
    
   
 
   
  

4-.

‘THE KNOB-KNO

THE MILLS OF THE

  

A

  

»

t

 

Boys! Like Detective Stories?

A» ‘, If you want good llvel adventures,.with cops and ‘detectives running down crooks. puz-—
a sling mysteries and dan y plots, get a copy of ’ V

> “Mystery Magazine ” No. 161
 It contains a long novelette ﬁlled with excitement, called

 “AT 2 A. M.” I .
‘ ‘ ‘ By BEULAH POYNTER V
Then, there's a crackerjack two-part serial entitled

_ . .   “THE INVISIBLE cams"
;: w ‘ - By cnoaoa MOREHEAD
, Next, it contains these seven short stories by the best writers:

“THE A"YENGER,"” by Gilbert Hammond
“slat by ?eteE3KII:3eR.n;yb' W All W d
' an. en or ,
;"l‘WO~GUN MUSSES'T(I;ig3D§,LAbY,"Hby Ranieé E. Kramer
,” y ami on raigie
. . " “TOO MANY KEYS,” by J. Buwarrenton
w-:2 “SOLYING SOL'S FACE,” by ‘wane: A’. Ellis

"1'  magazine also contains a free departmentconducted by Louise Rice and called

“WHAT I-IANDWRITING’ REVEALS”

‘ )If you send her a sample of your writing she will tell your character, what business}:
hat for you and many other useful things. There is no charge for this service. -

,3- i ~a c SHORT ARTICLES ': i _ 
  oi themagazine is filled with items of interest on  sortmof queer 

I

p

 

 

‘J     .;.,:.C.¢ﬁp’yv,£roni“_;Your Newsdeeler  ,  T y  '



 

4 .

  
 

  

3;‘

   

' .. Q low me.”

23.

Rob and the Reporters

:0]-,_.

Hustling for War News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER IX.—-(Continued). J
She was a beauty of blonde type. Her golden
hair hung loosely down over her shoulders, and
her eyes were red from weeping. She looked the
picture of despair. '
“Who are you?” she demanded.
who knocked at the door'!” ‘ .
She spoke" in French, so it was.up to \Valter
who explained. ' " , H
“You oughlt not to stay  she said. t',I‘l(1iis
' an every 0 ,v
Xlsckgsgt  Giiuiigrigt lfdlvge passgd this secluded
" castle by, but they are liable to come at any mo-
ment, and then we shall be robbed and mur-
A dared. You ought not to stay here, I repeat, and
yet it seems to me as if Heaven had sent you to
lie in my trouble.”
“If there is any way in which we can help you,
misspbo very sure we stand ready to do it,” re-

Walte .
puleiilstead of! answering, she burst into tears and

hurriedly left the room. A
' “Odd enough," remarked Rob, after Walter-_had
I translated. “You gave our names. Why didn’t
you ask hers ?” ‘ V ,
“Faith, and she didn't give me a chance.”
’“S,ome terrible thing must have happened to
r!

“Was it yew

..“1’t would seem so. Hark! Some one is com-
mfan aged man ‘withthe air 
hobbling into the room.

‘‘I am Pierre," he said in French. “I am sent
by'Mademoisel1e Louise tosay  if you W111
but up with her poor accommodations you are
,welconi’e to‘ remain here for tonight and perhaps
lon r. ‘

servant came

\ alter returned thanks and asked the name of ‘

the castle and its owner.
“I am forbidden to foe“. Mftyoll 31:0 1'°(l\1€5t¢d
not to ask," replied Pierre. You will now fol-

They were taken up winding stairs to one of
the half-ruined Wings, where they were shown
, into a small but well-furnished room.

rig;-re explained. that they would have to share
 withdrew. returning a little later loaded
down with clothes and underwear. _
' «from these such things as will make
;,yeu eoailortsble,” he said. ._.“You are to keep
.  Such are.mam'selle’s orders.”
 poured wgodsend indeed. later
 took away their own garments‘ promising
tqhave them cisaned. I “t _ _
is summoned  19973 *0 ‘W991’: Whhh

    

nihi-
.

-again; dear knows we need the rest." 25

FAME’ AND  ‘ WEEKLY

was served in an enormous dining-room, where
he waited on them in solemn state.

At supper it was the same.

Pierre did but little talking, and would answer
no questions. They saw nothing of Louise.

Worn out wi all they had been through, the
boys sought the room at an early hour. «

“This bed is big enough for four,” remarked,
Rob. “I never saw anything like it. I shall.
surely sleep well to-night, Walt. I never feltso
tired in my life."

“Don't talk,’ was the reply. “It's the same
with me. We certainly struck it rich when we
steered in here.” .

They were soon asleep, and probably would
have remained so until morning had they been
undisturbed. .

Along about midnight Walter, who had chosen
the outside place, was suddenly awakened by the
pressure of an ice-cold hand on his forehead.

He opened his eyes, to see a tall ﬁgure envel-
oped in a‘ white sheet backing aw from the bed.
plainly visible in the moonlight which streamed»
in through the.narrow window. 1

A main of immense age, apparently, with long
white hair and heard. 7 1

Stretching out both hands, the ﬁgure exclaimed
in French: . ‘ .

“Woel Woe! Woe! W,oe this wicked warl”

Instantly the ﬁgure vanished. 1 '

Walter's blood ran c3ld.

CHAPTER X.

The Mystery Explained.
“Rob! Wake up!” ~ 
Rob opened his eyes at the call. 9  ‘*1?
“What's the matter ?" he demanded, seeing 5..-—‘“>"
Walter sitting up in bed. v - '
.“Do you believe in ghosts?” asked Walter. , -
ti ‘fQ'f course not. Why do you ask such a ques- '
on." . 
"Because if there are such things I believe I , 
have just seen one.” i
“Nonsense! You've been dreaming.” ‘
“Not a bit of it,” replied Walter emphatically, /-41‘
and he told what had occurred. ‘ - _
Rob got up and lit the candle with which Pierre A v
had provided them. I. .
“The door is bolted as we left it," he said. “It ,-. 
is very old. ﬂu are sure you were awake, Wait?’ 1 _
“As sure as that I am talking to vou now. I'm '
no fool, Bob. I know what I saw."
“Well, then, I'm not able to account for it any
more than you are. What shall we do?“
“Nothing that I can see except to go to sleep;

.

: .1-\v’,','_.».I..

4

But this was easier said than done. ?m.- lmths 93.}
were suffering more. or less pain; at last they fell. 
asleep, however, and when they'awoke the sun‘ ;-' ‘E
was shining in upon tliein through the narrow; A
window and they could hear the birds singing '
outside. _ «  Y

A careful examination of their wounds was now
made. ' -. - »

“We are_getting onall right," declared-‘Rob.
“Weareml tylucky. Inmycaeethewoaﬁﬂ
is I wosn’t dad.” a - s,; ‘

ITO be.conti,Im_°'1-l 

A

 

  

‘ .

  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
     
   
  
  
   
   
    
 
  

., VVOLCANOES ON THE RAMRAGE

Xiloucfs renewal of activity continues. There
you four violent earthquakes in the region near

volcano recently at four-hour intervals, and
emission of steam, notable for seyeral days,
:53 goes on. The fall of sections of the ci-ater’s
 into the depths below has ceased again, how-

'Bie eruption of Vesuvius is increasing in in-
ﬁgﬁy. Two new craters have opened. says a bul-
issued by the Vesuvian observatory, and all
craters are emitting lava cinders and ashes,
V - heavy rumblings are heard inside.
 authorities having rohibited climbing the
-~ ' us for fear of qasu ties, the tourists here,
’ ispecially Americans, are‘ assembling in crowds
8 night at the nearby points of Santa Lucia and
«stem to witness the spectacle. ‘

lAiNmc'sAILoRs' ORPHANS TO BE
s FARMERS

filfwenty-ﬁve British boys, of an average age
»-15%, have just sailed for New’ Zealand to be
' as farmers. They are the first batch to
lent out under a scheme inaugurated by New
v  sheep owners to show their gratitude to
men of the British navy and Mercantile Ma-
-" for their services during the war.‘
A fund of $1,000,000 has been subscribed by
owners of the Dominion, and it is proposed
long as the money lasts, to train‘each year
t 200 sons of killed and disabled sailors on a
farm. to look after their welfare, and pro-
-. them withwages during the period of train-
, and,'where desirable, to staij! them in life
~ .£a1r-ms at a low rate of interest.

    

  
    
  
  
  
  

  
  
    
 

,, the Hon. ‘Edward Newman, C. M. G., is
L’. L :« ht in England. He emigratedto New
-- about forty years ago and has large

' g interests in the Dominion. Hetold a
,1;-Mail reporter that the boys are carefully
Av . ,‘in England, are given a -complete outﬁt,
ﬁtheir passages are jointly paid by the trus-
and the British and New Zealand govern-
On arrival they are sent for‘ six months
. trustees’ training farm, Flock House,
_ « accommodation for 100 boys and covers
' -6,000. acres of land. Every kind of farin-
wﬁ be taught them, and afterward they will

{mlentured for several years to responsible
’ in of the trustees is to inaketbe boys

  
  
     
    
 
  
 
    
 
 
   
  
 
  

them a thorough chance to make good._

 

     
      
    
  
  

 ,. -. r U - .V
_ FISH COURT CAPTURE‘
_ an Venezuela, near the port‘ of Carupano,
,,_ao$1i,ng~out o:l,the_sea to gi-eetthe ﬁsher-
 Vive-Consul Amado Chaves
' - for.’-the stow tombs‘ Department gf
» -  has but to take his

  

 
  

  
 
 

4. » _

mun AN'l) Foarsas 
coon READING

The chairman of the trustees of this admirable »

sinful citizens, and everything will be" done
‘ A -ivu-my Magazine Devoted a. rim....,. ..,, 

ash'he_eni;ts.2’ iqiiiiqgg VA i66.1Vo-t 23d Street
:3‘    . -.  

 
 

5 "\

of them came ‘. ' ’ f _
er to be capturgd-a—!-?11iieirtg“tzhe !::\’Vle::ee ¢§“§5ii£.tei§e
disciples oflzak Walton might expect”

It Seems Fhat 93911 Y0?!‘ the_l‘e_ is a disturbance
of the sea in this tropical vicinity, a, condition
referred to locally as the “tui-bic" or turbulent
W8-hem During the progress of this phenomenon
the water assumes ii dark color and gives off a
disagreeable sulphuric odor. At times this con-
dition extends out as far as the Santa Margarita.
Islands and is said to do considerable damage to
the Dearl oyster beds there. In this period silver
objects tarnish quickly and take/on the appear-

.ance of .having been in a tire. \The health of the

pmle along the coast at this time is unusually .
g .

Simultaneouslv wi h " ‘ " -
known as the “ﬁbaz:m.'Eht°het§el:c£o3°§ii§§¢w.i"i;ii:
out from shore bein stirred up (by myriads of
ﬁsh that make no e ort to escape capture S".
buds» 3“l_‘5 “d P°5°3n8_ 88t1ier_ for the feast in
such numbers that at times it is diﬂicult to see
the horiwn. and they Sometimes even interfere‘
with navigation. Many ﬁsh run up on the beach
as if desperate, and, despite the immense quan.’
tities of ﬁsh eaten bv the birds and athered by
the natives, the number that die on t ‘e shore it
so great that on numerous occasions the civil an-
thorities have found it necessary to dig trenches
in which to bury the fish along the beach. '

The ﬁsh most commonly affected are the sai~
dine and anchovy, although at times even sharks
have been known to rush up on the beach.

“Mﬂtety Magazine"

Semi-Monthly 15 Cents A Copy
154 THE Hot‘-3E on THE R ‘ '
155 LAl'GHl.\‘G nEA'1‘n's Ti:x.uII\..sb;”.\':iﬂ;cl.el1st°::

ZFHSPII.

156 THE MEDYCINE nnorraa. .
pg ATgY];F?S\';"l2'.?‘P?€l: xgcx. £5 iau'g';'-n?.r£ie.v.m.'°‘ .
 '1 « '~ -' F‘.. ARINO w ‘
mi 1'riIi3,ri:'ii"‘ni'ii"hiRA'rns. uiv Hamilton A(.‘1I‘:lRls ' W"
mo 'l‘llF2 SHADOW OI-‘_ A .\'0nSIa:. by Jack 3,?,.{',,.,,,,_
\.

AT 2 A. M.
By BEULAH POYNTER
one -roa-y In No. is: ,
HARRY E. WOLFF‘. Publisher, Inc.
156 West 33d Street New “,3 U", .

‘ “Moving Picture Stories” ~

‘PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY ,

Inch number contains Three Btori ; 3.“ ’ .
on the Screen‘~—megaec Half-tone Bean: ‘l.':ln ch. ht‘ »'
—lniei-outing Articles About Prominent People 1; 
Films-—Dolnga or Actors and Actresses 1. an gut
and Lessons in scenario Writing .

’ HARRY F-'ivou'i'.  ins’ ‘

   

 

 

  

 

  

 

,.i-;

24 "FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY  /  *

INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND HINTS

A duolateral or Giblen-Remler coil is _prefer—
able to an uptapped bank wound coil. It is more
efficient and affords a greater economy in space.

Some circuits utilize a secondary’ coupling coil
that is placed in inductive relation to the plate
variometer. This coil should be wound in the
 direction as the windings on the plate

variometer.

BREAKS MAKE SET NOISY

Crackling in the phones may be caused by a

. broken phone cord. After the phones have been

used for some time the fine braided wire in the

cord gets broken in spots. The test for this is

to shake the cord." If the noises continue with
the shaking get a new phone cord. ’

TRAP DESIGNS _

During the last two years many designs for
wave traps have been published and as a result
the novice is in doubt as to which is best suited
for his receiver. The first type of wave trap that
received popular approval consisted of a coil and
a variable condenser in ‘shunt with each other
and in series with the lateral circuit of the re-
ceiver. When a trap of this type is tuned_/to the
wave length of an interfering station it will trap
out the waves from that station, but as the cili-
ciency of the device is rather low it also will tend
to reduce the signal strength of other stations
operating on wave length near those to which the
trap is tuned. To overcome this objectionable
feature an inductively coupled _wave trap was de-
veloped and when a trap of this type is properly
designed it will be found very selective.

. The coil in the wave trap consists of ﬁfty turns
of No. 2 D. C. C. wire on a three-inch tube and
after the coil has been wound’ two terminals
should be taken out and then several layers of

. ordinary paper should be wound over it. Another
coil is wound directly over it, and consists of
mt turns of No. 18 D. C. C. wire. This coil

be wound in the same direction as the first
coil. and taps should be‘ taken oil’ on the first,
third. ﬁfth and eighth turns. ‘

The variable condenser.that is connected in
shunt with the first coil is an ordinary 23 plate
condenser, and with this apparatus the trap will
tune from about,150 to 550 meters. If a 43
plate condenser is used instead of the 23 plate

‘the trap will tune higher and it then will be

 possible to cut out the interference from ship

stations. '
~ In mounting the trap it would be wise. to

A "Tplace it on a panel about six inches wide by seven

inches high. The variable condenser and the in-
3 _ ce switch should be’ mounted on the front
3." the panel and the coil should be placed behind

the condenser in a,positi'on.that‘ is at right angles‘

.  in thefreeeivingset.
A  -  BADIO"4NNOUNCERS
  of radio a new

   

  

To be a successful announcer something ‘more
than_ a pleasing voice and clear enunciatiom is
required. The idea announced is a musician with
a knowledge of composers and their work: he,

' should be a linguist familiar with English, Italian

and German; he should be able in an emergency’
to make an announcement in English without con-
fusion and free_from grammatical errors. He
must be tactful in receiving artists and instruct-
1!19.' them in proper position before the micro-
phone. » _

Singers and speakers accustomed to public ap--
pearance very often develop microphone fright, .
not because the studio surroundings are over-
powering but because they miss the stimulating
presence of an audience.

The announcer’s duties are not limited to his
appearance before the microphone. At WGY, the '
station of the General Electric Company of ‘
Schenectady, rehearsals are conducted by one of
the group of six announcers. By means of thd .-
try-outs, poor singers are saved the embarrass-.‘ 
ment of failure before the microphone. The re-' '
hearsal also serves to demonstrate that certain
voices have not the quality for radio transmis-‘
sion.

' Sometimes the ﬁnished and successful singer ‘V \'
lS‘f0l1nd to have a voice unsuited for radio trans- \

mission and, on the other ha . a singer whose. ~“;‘
voice is too weak for public hall or theatre some- ,'
times possesses quality and tone which win in- ~'”
stantaneous ‘popularity with the radio audience. K"

Four of the six announcers at WGY are vocal 
S010iStS. and mil)’. in the event of an emergency '
such as the failure of the scheduled artists ta’
arrive, step before the microphone and give 1, J‘
creditable performance. ’

Kolin Mager, the chief announcer. has been
associated with WGY since the station opened. “-15
He is a trained musician, linciuist and public "5
speaker. When a. boy he was a soprano soloist in I
an Albany church. '

Carl Jester» is a tenor with a thorough musical .3
education, and for the past year he had directgﬁ
the WGY Light Opera Company in its variants.
appearances. Asa O. Coggeshall, also a tenorya 1
third announcer. is director of a boy choir in at .
Amsterdam, N. Y., church. ‘ l i '

William Fay. the last to join the announcer’ '
force at WGY. is‘ a baritone and his voice hp.
brought him many fan letters.‘ The other 
nouncers at Schenectady station are: “Robe:-E1
Weidaw, who gives much of his time to the can-
cutive work of the studio. and Edward H. Smi'th;.
who is director and leading man ofithe player: V
and assists in planning feature programs such  
Uncle Josh's golden wedding. and minstrel show_l."‘""
An entire evening’s program may be put on by-
the announcers without the aid of outside talqit.

   
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

\
u

(,

   

THREE srsps or AUDIO Vrnsqurhicv
Audio frequlgicyy ainpliﬁc8ﬁ0,|!§ , org‘
~ in  .u.no_ . A E

  

greatest. facts

    
   
 
 
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
  
  
 

- v

ziolllllar. has now: reached the stage where three
ulhps of ampliﬁcation can be used without hope-
Vlemlv distorting the signals. This is due to the
{mat improvement in the last year in the con-

‘utruction of audio-frequency transformers.
 Without audio frequency ampliﬁcation the sat-
isfaction and convenience of the loud ‘speaker
, ‘fjvould be unknown and a receiving set would have
‘ 120 be equipped with a headset for every member
' ;0f the family. In fact. no set is considered com-
-plete nowadays without two or three stepstof
audio ampliﬁcation and some type of loud

_ , er. —
a’ Most up to date receiving sets have the audio
amplifying apparatus built into the same cabinet
_with the tuning apparatu:-. A very convenient
. '.W8)',  to use a separate_ audio_ frequency
.al'nDllifyl.l!i% uiut elt}l)'le€I'_bUllthlY(lil.0 a calbinet or on a
 pane. is can attac e to w atever type
' of receiver you are using. whether it be a crystal
goat. single tube regenerative, Reinartz. Flewell-
iru, Ultra Audion. etc.. and thusproduce results
 to the more elaborate and expensive sets
 _.s’elf—conta/ined ampliﬁers. The ideal arrange-
ment is to have separate jacks for each stage,’
.— which enables the operator to employ just enough
‘ - ampliﬁcation to get the necessary volume.
_ i As a (radio engineer who‘ has designed numerous
sets an experiments -wit practica ywevery type
-of receiver in existence. the advice of W. G.
xfarr of Chicago,_regarding the construction of a
-Race stage ampliﬁer will be found of real value.
 Farr states: .
' " "‘A three‘ lstage ampliﬁer ampliffving theloutpgt
an cpysta set or non-regenera ive sing e’ u e
. full loud speaker volume. A two stage
:- will be amply suﬁicient for any type
gle tube regenerative set. The amplifier
can be operated from the same ‘A’ batteries
the receiving set, provided. of course. that
2 ‘ are used which operate on the same voltage.
'5 _ , ver. the amplifying circuit requires a.num-
i of higher plate voltage than a detector circuit,
 zﬁch will necessitate the use of additional ‘B’
tteries.

d ,*When the ampliﬁer is built as a separate unit,
phone terminals 0 t e receiving set are
uxhuuted directly to the input terminals (P and
 rat‘ the audio.ail:ipliﬁer. fitthvery clogvenieg:
method is to equip t e input 0 e amp i er wi
:a"cord and plug by means of which it can 
‘ ate the phone Jack of the receiver in
ﬁg of e head p ones. '
' ‘_‘Wben adginzinidiig iam:il;lf§ca't)ilontto any tyne
regqnerave svisacoconneca
egmdens¢_3!'fo1’ .001 RFD capacity across the
~', inary ‘terminals of the first transformer. This
.gs a_by~§iaps for thc_Udio frequency cur-
,_. ‘flown: 3n the plate circui‘. and thus assists

 zqenerative action ofthe tube. .\v I
3%, awsevtratfe Jack on‘ each sgAre.ﬁ This
'" ’ .;« uacomoreoressamn caonas
-. If for any reason thesejacks 81'O_¥|0l’.
" nnect the ‘P’ terminal to the socket direct
'°° mam of nmransrbmer and the ‘B’
. ,»—..Bfi‘gt‘c‘_§;andorIii)ier direct to t e 9031-
ﬁirﬁoh juhe, hut‘if‘tho tubes arewell
— gs aaﬁnfaotorv results can 50-05-

   
  
  
   
  
   
    
     
 
     
 

  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  

 

  
  

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

A -separate rheostatf *

>behrg.'torced to their maximum. It
riot . to :01? mod tone m:ality'wi.¢h
an than »to:Iaaci-iacequlity to-M _

—- ,. . V -‘... 

.-IV’

rheostat with suﬁicient current carrying capacity
to carry all the tubes without heating.
“The most satisfactory tubes for use in audio

frequency amplification are UV-201-A, C1301-A, *

and Western Electric, 216-A. UY—199 or C-299
tubes can also be used. but will not be found as
satisfactory. They will not stand as high a
plate‘ voltage and will not produce" as great a
volume as the larger tubes. The plate voltage
applied to an audio ampliﬁer may be from 45
to 150 volts. but ordinarily 90 volt: will be found
sufficient. Of course a higher degree of ampli-
ﬁcation is obtained by using high plate voltaze,
but at a sacriﬁce of quality. A plate voltage of
over 90 volts will necessitate the use of a ‘C’
battery.

“When a ‘C’ battery is used it is connected in
the common grid return lead of all the tubes.
paying particular attention that the polarity is
correct. Unless the ampliﬁer is being worked up
to full capacity. the ‘C’ battery will make little
difference in the quality of the signal. Its chief
advantage lies in the fact that it causes a ma-
terial reduction in the plate current and thus
lengthens the life of the ‘B’ batteries. For a
plate voltage of 90 volts. a six volt ‘C’ battery
will be required. As no current is consumed from

the ‘C’ battery, small ﬂashlight cells will have-

ample capacity.

“One of the most important considerations in
building an audio ampliﬁer is to use transform-
ers of the highest quality. An audio frequency
transformer is called upon to reproduce sounds
of frequencies ranging from about 100 per second
up to the upper limit of audiobility, whiclumay
be 10,000 to 20,000 per second. If all these fre-
quencies are not equally ampliﬁed the result is
either a loss of tone quality or an actual dis-
tortion of the voice or musical sounds. This be-
comes more noticeable as the number of stages
is increased, and the practical working limits is
three stages. In order for the original sounds
to be correctly reproduced it is necessary for the
fluctuation in magnetic strength of the core to
follow with perfect ﬁdelity the form of the sound
waves which are being ampliﬁed. Thus it can

readily be seen that the efﬁciency of an audio. T
transformer is very largely dependent upon the .

proper care design. ‘
“One of the most frequent sourced of trouble
in audio ampliﬁcation circuits and particularly

in three stage circuits is magnetic ,intcraction~ 
between the, cores of the transformers. which ”‘ '

manifests itself in the production of bowl: and
in distortion of signals. To reduce this eﬂcct
to a minimum it has been the cueI:om.in the past
to place the transformer: with their core: at
right angles to each other. Due to the improved
design of some transtorinera
entirely unnecessary. _as they are provided with
liperfect magnetic shield in the form of a heavy
retool she-lL ” . f '
"The belt Imnlifyint results will be obtfmdd‘
by ‘the ‘use of a transformer having a ratio /of
ﬁtolintlieﬁrststageand
in thefollowing stages. '
"‘In any audio ampliﬁer the most get i 0 ‘ "
dactiou -will be obtained when the few”

II‘f9}‘fs«¥i!hr

   

 

this precaution is.

aradio of35Sto1‘_

    
 
      
   
 

  

23
F 3111;‘ and Fortune Weekly

NEW i'oi2i;,'JULY "is, 1924"

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBER-S

 

Iingle Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "Postage Free Bcenla
One Copy Three Months . . . . .. “ “ 00 .
One Copy six Months ....... .. “ “ 2.00
One Copy One Iear . . . . . . . . .. “ " (.00

Canada, $.50; Foreign, 86.00.

IIOW to 'D .\|ol\'h’.k'—At our risk send P. 0.
Honey Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittance:
in any other way are It your risk. We acce t Postage
Stain I the some as cash. Vlfligp sending I lver wrap

. the on: in a re arate piece or paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. rite your name. and address plainly.
' Address letters to

HARRY E. WOLFF. }llari'y E. Wolﬂ. Pm.

_ Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. See.
166 W. 23d St» N‘ Y- 1.. E. Wllr.in.'1‘i‘eaI.

ITEMS or INTEREST

TIDE MOVES GREAT BRIDGE
Resting on live poiitoons, a 300-ton railway
bridge that spanned the waterway between Oak-

land and Alameda, Cal., was lifted from its posi- ‘

~ tion with the help of a rising tide and by pump-
ing the water from the ﬂoats upon which it
tested. Trains were operated over the span up to
seven hours before it was moved.

_ STEAM TO KILL WEEDS
‘ - Steam from locomotive boilers is being used
7' V by a Southern railroad to kill weeds along the
» ’ » right of way. The steam is superheated by pass-
, _ing it through an oil furnace carried on a special
A car. and it is then delivered to the right of way
" through perforated pipes. so arranged that they
 may be raised or lowered. It hits the weeds at
a temperature of from 700 to 900 degrees and at
a pressure of seventy-ﬁve pounds to the square
inch. Four trips a season will keep down a dense
growth of weeds. ’

. . FOUR-F0O'l‘El_) DUCK IS SOLD AT AUCTION
~ -- .A spirited auction took place in the butcher
g shop of Abram Goldberg at No. 22 Ludlow street.
_ New York, recently. when the famous four-footed
7_ duck was sold to the highest bidder.
In the midst of the Friday pre-Sabbath bustle
.1 Goldberg’: kosher shop Rabbi Zedig decided that
. -“the fourdegged duck was not kosher, and hence
_ uld not be eaten. - _ '
"— 11:: _ 4 had thought of donating the
7 remains to the American Museum 0f.N§tl.ll'8l,H1s-
"-(tery...'bnt. being a business man. he decided to sell
~ I tliavdeuck to the hikhalt bidder. ,
' » , “ti-eak was ﬂnally.awai-ded ‘to Alexander
2 for $60. Mr. Fischer will have the 
  and will place it in the window of his

V  '-usr.’ cxrs is cIi.0.W Dscors "

 ».'1'be d¢_;..a_station
- te. “._)_X$r'aska has l_e_d,,to~..organ!Ied.€1orts
V. A...  _tl§3§v=d§x5r§V  One 101' the. latest

 

4411.
l

  
  
    
 
  

 

 
  
   
  

 

  

   
  

 MSG.

  

wgﬂ, ‘

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

caused by crows in the

cat in a bird cage and then hang the page I)‘ 7 -4

iii a tree where crows have nested in
years.
the cat they ﬂock by the hundreds and seek to .
destroy their imprisoned enemy.
the bars of the cage. the cat is safe enough.
while.the cat-baiting is on by the crows the
hunters assemble and get in their deadly work.

The hunters say that the shooting does not
scare the crows away. If they have any theory ~
agent the shooting, it is that it is some ew . 1
device of their ancient enemy and they redou lo
their efforts to get at the animals. The at:
are not in the least injured by being used as 4‘
decoys, but after one or two hunts they grow. .-
nervous and are easily frightened by the ap- 
pearance of any kind of a bird. ' ‘

The most discouraging feature of it from the
hunters’ standpoint is that in most cases, after

. the cat is released. it leaves the country in very

short order. This has naturally resulted in a
famine in cats. There is some talk among the V _
hunters of importing some old maids and thus '- ‘
augmenting the domestic cat supply. Being a 
cattle country, there are very few un
women in, the county. and this is turn makes the
number of available cats small.

 

 

LAUGHS   
Lawyer—Don’t you think I acquitted ' '

well in that trial? Friend——Very well. It is I 5 
pity you didn’t do as much for your client. '

  
 
 

“Then you don't want no cranberries?" -’
I've changed my mind. I see your cat ig
in those cranberries.” “That’s all right,
I don't mind waking the eat up."  L3 .-

Mrs. Hardhead-—I can always tell what kind‘
of a wife‘“'a man has by.his views on the woman 
ouestion. Stranger—I have all sorts of views; 
Mrs. l-Iardhead—-Then you are a Chicago man.

 

Friend—Why did you give your wife  
necklace for a birthday present‘? D0:’t youtfjg
kn_ow_ pearls are the signs of tears? ﬂushed 3.5
(signiﬁcantly)—In‘ this case they were the result "it

of them. _

       
      
    
  

“If you stand with your back tohthe‘ ‘e I
what have _you on your left hand?” asked thy 
teacher during the geography lesson. The nun," ‘
boy thought. considered his hands and 'gave ﬁgf‘

right answer. "‘Fingers, "sir," he replied. , j

 
 
 
    
   
    
   
   
       
    

 

,»

persons are petitioning to have their nlmﬂf
changed. What does it costto ma a‘
changed?‘ Mr. Chuhb-—It cost me a couple

Mrs. Chubb (with newspaper)—I sag '
hundred dollars to have your name  

mine. V A __ “..=< 

 

!;

“Algernon is very interesting
broker's daughter. “What does he
inquired her father. “Why he's
posted in ‘Shakespeaijiui
wanna.” said the ﬁ8h¢Rl‘.\

   
 

When the crows discover the presence of 
Protected 3 __ 9
a 

   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
  

THE BIBLE REMAINS

_The ‘Bible has ‘endured hundreds of years of
Jiriticism by men who were proud of their own
Nnnerﬁcial knowledge. But these are forgotten,

while the truths of the Bible are more regarded
ilian ever. Critics may ﬁnd fault with the stories
I‘ «the Bible, but at the same time the people
'_ believe in the Bible as the highest authority
— (1 there is nothing to replace it. Nothing since
..*~.«ﬁQ~ Bible was written has lived to counsel the
‘ ;-people and show them the way to rightliving.
rittean be pointed out to these shallow skeptics
that the nations which have grown up_ with the
ﬁﬂe have the highest place in humanity. They
garetarther advanced than the meneand women
the do not follow the Bible and reverence its

 ings. Today. in every way ‘that relates to
 and moral character. the Bible is the

truest authority.

FINDS UNKNOWN RIVER IN ALASKA
fnie story of an explorer’s life_in-the Northern
Alaskan widerness and the_discover_v of un-
charted streams is contained in a letter brought
ink to civilization by an Eskimo from the_Geo-
logical Survey party headed by Dr: Philip S.
 , _made public by the_Interior Depart-
rngit. ‘The expedition is exploring Naval Petro-
leuﬁnkeserve No. 4. . _
The letter, written March 20. states that in

.A the Colville River Dr. Smith found a

4 ... 200 yards wide. which ﬂows west-

ward and then turns northward. The party plans

toeontinae the river explorations. but they must

- ~nach the coast in time to catch the last ship

out of the Arctic Ocean before the September
freeze ‘ “ ‘

\
9'

  

 
  

 
   

' '!!he»party has established a base camp at the

 of- the Unalrserak River. about ten miles
the Divide. between the Unakserak and Col-
"  at latitude 67:45:30, at an altitude

  

  
  

7 .~ groves of willow trees as thick as a
thin’: -wrist. which they are using for”fuel.
M ﬂue supporting party of seven men and igo
- . turned back on March 1-6, and the main
_' ma» area‘ proceedimr with three ‘sleds-and
, ,  The sleds soon will be§'aban-
mic ‘ ,r’ e wurney continued in canoe.. .
nijheilecteivwae written by‘Dr. J. B. Mattie. Jr.

’\

  

  
  

  

 

5 ln-i-231.com Ase-.:xtmo an 'l‘RIED
=  THIS SUMMER = -

ehallenge thin: atuiountaineers by Mount
. ,-the Yukon_’I'erritory peak, which has been
. the “Everest of_ America” for centuries,
in he tak

Alninista, who will attempt the ascent of
~ inaccessible .inountn;in some time liar-
A. H. McCarthy of New York

,,"“n the gggéjy gyeniae

  
  

  
  

  

   
   

I

‘FAMI3 AND FORTUNE "WEEKLY
\BRlEF BUT POINTED

 

. I"
of 2.200__feet. On this Divide. the party has dis-A

, t -.-
~ portunity and to make a dome of very

on up: by a party of int’ernationally~

  

'‘.»"is.etli »

 

m0lmt3in. Mount Logan  almost as unconquer- /'
able. Mammoth glaciers. ﬁelds of ice, scarred
with treacherous crevasses. confront the climbers
and at present_the best altitude ever obtained‘
on the mountain’s_glassy slopes is 6,500 feet.
Because of the perils of glacier and hidden cre- .
V.aS-‘es. the climbers will have to travel sixty— V
eight miles roped together before they even be- ‘:
gin the ascent of the mountain proper. ~L
The best climb yet made was by the surveying
battles a few years ago in determining the
b°11§1<_18I'Y between Alaska and Canada. The ex-
pedition will be composed of nine picked moun-
taineers from American and Canadian Alpine
ubs. Four men will be selected‘ to make the - -- 1“:
ﬁnal dash to the summit. ‘

SOMETHING ABOUT THE WREN

._ The common wren is very.sh and retiring, and V i,
"3 this respect is like thol ‘rd. It will often
hide its nest in _a crevice or hollow where it may ~ . 
fzﬁcape Observattion. d d wren is seldom seen in ' ‘v
e open coup ry an oes not venture upon any
lengthened ﬂight, but conﬁnes itself to the hedge-
ITOWS and brushwood. Where it may often be ob-
S°1'V°d h°PP11’I8 and skip ing like a tiny feath-
ered mouse among the biranches. It especially
haunts the hedges which are ﬂanked -by ditches
as it can easily hide itself in such localities, and
can  obtain 9. plentiful supply of food. By
remaining perfectly quiet, the observer can read~
ﬂy Watch its movements, and it is really an in-
ferestxns sight to see tlie_little creature ﬂitting
about the brushwood_, ﬂirting  saucuy up,-es.
:13: tail. and uttering its quick and cheering
The voice of the wren is very sweet and melo-
dious, and. of a more powerful character than
would be irnagined from the dimensions of "the 2’
bird. The wren is a ‘merry little creature, and
chants its gay song on the slightest encourage-
ment or weather. Even in winter there needs’ *
but the gleam of afew sunbeam: to set the wren
to singing: , ‘I g ,
The nest of the wren is rather an anibitiajg -V ,
structure, liemg a complet_oly'domgd ediﬁce, and‘
built in a sin larly ingenious manner. If, how.
ever, the hi can ﬁnd a suitable spot, such .5 :'_~*- 
the hole of a «icon ' tree, the gnarled and-i ‘
knotted branches of ol ivy, or the .ow-ex-hgngin .
eaves _of a deserted’ building, when 3 M ;
dome is formed, it is sure, to seize ’ ‘

    
     
       
      
    
     
     
      
     
      
    
     
     
        
       

  

workmansh'p.\ Th d , h , - V
ists in semi —form._e Dggireig wtlreyswrenu . '
generally shelters _itself from the weather in  ‘-
\_same nrst, which it inhabited ‘(luring-.the‘.bre¢d.
mg season; and ‘nrvery. cold‘ reasons it hunt‘ is
uncommon event to ﬁnd six or. seveiiwivéua
liuddleiti into a ‘lvgeap for the sake of
nresen ms opt e eye or hand or the $
nothing but‘~aysha _ less--nose at 
 It is‘ 9 _that "
my be. rot i

  
   
  
   
  

     
    

    

  

 

 
 

  

 



  
   
 

FAME AND‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY

lTE.MS or INTEREST

 

GAY LIFE TOOK THE MONEY

George Lister, thirty-four, borrowed a nickel
for subway fare and emerged from the Wall street
station just as the city was‘ getting 'down to busi-
ness. ,

Lister turned into Trinity place and was headed
for No‘. 46, omces of the American Railway Ex-
press Com any. when he ran upon Detective $er-
geants W" iam Fay and James Fitzpatrick, Just
coming out of that building.

With a fugitive’s description fresh in their
minds, Fay and Fitzpatrick made an abrupt stop
and a short inquiry. Lister nodded his head and
said he was just going to the company to give
himself up for absconding last March 10 from its
Sausalito, Cal., oﬂice with $14,000 stuﬁed in a
shabby black bag.

‘Wanted to make everybody happy along the
great White Way, and I think I did, up to last
night, when the money gave out. I tipped every
waiter who served me in the Broadway cabarets
with a $20. I gave the doorman the same.

“Cabaret singers got $100 bills and once I gave
all!‘ <51-chestra a $100 bill for playing me a tune I
1 e .”

Lister said he was born in England and was un-
married. He had been‘ the cashier in the Sausali-
to oﬂice of the company for three years. He was
sorry the detectives could not collect the$500 re-

’ ward a circular they carried promised would be

paid for his capture. Lister, they agreed, had

surrendered.
FIRST CHINESE JUNK SAILS INTO
NEW YORK .
The ﬁrs}; Chinese junk ever known to have
sailed into New York harbor arrived recently
and anchored in Sheeoshead Bay. near Plum

Beach. The voy was possible because of the
Panama Canal. t would have been too hazard-

'ous to attempt to bring such a small vessel round

the Cape of Good
Atlantic Ocean.
The junk on her 15,000-mile trip was in charge
of Captain George Waard, master and owner, a
Dutch-Canadian, who was accompanied by his
Chinese wife and their eleven-year-old son. ‘He
had two Chinese boys as crew when he sailed
from Amoy on May 17, 1922, but they deserted

Hope and across the South

' when he. arrived at Vancouver, B. C., on Aug. 12,
after an eighty-seven-day passage across the Pa-
, ciﬁc.

During that time the captain said he met
with many adventures. Off the Foochow River
the junk, which’ he had named-Amoy, was at-
tacked by pirates in the night and when he had

' driven them away with his riﬂe a big green snake
_ came over the counter aft and tried to curl round

Wing Kee. one of the boys who was asleep on the

' _ deck. The captain said that he killed the rep-
‘tile,and the Chinese boys chopped it up

and
ickled it. Curried snake was on the bill for

. are for days afterwards. .

Shortly before reaching Vancouver the Amory
her rudder and the captain rigged a jury
with heat oars and a spare sail until he
 -V .., —

 
  

The Amoy was built of camphor wood and .
Chinese fir, he said, and was held together by-

bamboo pins. She is ﬁfty-three feet long, eigh-
teen feet beam and draws four feet of water in
ballast. There is accommodation in the cuddy
for ﬁve persons. ‘ 4
Captain Waard is a tall, thin man with a long
black mustache with twisted ends after the man-
ner of stage pirates. He said that he went to sea

in a Dutch galleon when he was 7 years old and .

had spent several years in the Chinese customs
service at Amoy and Swatow. His wife, who is
a Buddhist, does not care much for the sea, but
it never gets monotonous to him. ‘

The captain had not decided when he visited

the Custom House at Bowling Green whether he,’

would remain in the harbor for the summer’ or
sail on to Europe via the Azores.
to Manhattan Beach, he. said, and make fast close
to the shore so that visitors could go on board.

 
 

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE '
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS! .
_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
{nan accurately performs like an ath-
ete.
Five Different Stunts-
THE_ l*‘LYllN'G TRAPEZE — Release the
~ trigger-pin and the ﬁgure swings fa».
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar
turns a somersault in the air and catch‘
a cross—bar by his heels. ‘
_'l‘I-[ROUGH THE LO0P—A swift swing and
he goes through a wire loop, make; g
turn and, catching by his heels, swing
head downward from a bar.
HE GIANT SWlNG-He goes forward .
 with a rush, releases the tr , cgtchu
a horizontal-bar with his heels, mag.
two swift somersaults in the air ad

He performs two more horizontal-bu
acts with the grace and agility of a cu-. .
cus star, and many new ones can I); in.

. vented. ' p
The Most Wonderful Toy in '
the World! v
P R I C E $ 1 . 5 0
The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin are neatly‘packed in a handsome box,j
Delivered anywhere in the United States in
receipt ofwprice. Address l
OLFI-‘ NOVELTY CO. e
166 W. 28d St., New York City. N. Y." 

He might go '

t, u..-’, .~.. '

 

catches by his heels again. , ’ , f it

 

   
  
   
 

  

    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  

".u'.

“A
'!

T takes bu moment to mark the career of your choice, sign your
name, clip 0 1""~
million men and  en toward success.
In city, town and ‘?",o all over the world, men are living contented
lives in ‘happy, prosper. homes-—because they clipped this coupon.

- In every line of business - »: industry, in shops, stores, oﬁices, factories
in mines and on railroads, are holding important positions an
receiving splendid sala,ries—-bec . ~th y clipped this coupon.

" Clerks have‘become salafadvertising and I managers. mechaniga have become fore-
‘ men, superintendents and engineers, carpente - i» ~ -- architects and contractors. men
and boys have risen from nothing to places of res - \ -'—because they clipped this coupon.

You have seen i‘t'in almost every magazine you ha ooked at for years. And while
,0!) l"|3VC been passing lt by, more than CCII --'7.
thousand men and women each month have M m,,,_,,.........._ p...._

  
 
   

. been making it the first stepping stone to real ,,_W_*;hf;,=¢_°§.-_%,g,vg;11.¢_;,§,!g "3; _¢,;,l,|¢-II; gm 3- __ 3-
success in life.’ ' _ auuuue rnmuuo counou
Will yozfstill turn away from opportunity? :?  nu-;;n"'Jic iiiiunuu
,Can you still go on, putting in your days at :, _ 'iiu"'n-ons"' smcmmunu
. . the same grind, getting the same pay envelope ,_!unk!n| -l3'a7'n.nxiiuu- nun.-'1":-l¢ii'.‘i."'"'
  the 531713 lﬂS|.lﬁlClCﬂt 5‘-lnll when such 3 ::'lrholIon dst Al:e\‘iunrI‘tlcIl(P.L’ Clerk
A . little thing can be the means of changing your ",.,,.,:' "fmg .ﬁ',';"§.9:,?‘§l.§§'.‘22.'°'
whole  ‘I--'-h Irmeh Illunrlllnl U uncanny
. TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURIE3
. You can have the position you want in the ;§}:g{;§:‘,'_,§g{,‘,',';°""‘ ﬁ§€,',}{{;;‘,,. M, M,“
S 1701* You like best. I sakry that Will El“! Y0“ ilﬁélliﬁlﬂ §‘.‘.‘{«‘{'.'.?.’.. i¥é‘.u“2;'§?5:ll.‘?:‘:‘3.“:i.
_'.an_d, your family the home, the comforts, the ;‘,',°,§f,';:,‘},':,‘;*,‘,}f,;,?“‘°' °'“°""_}‘“"*’;;_,
_ little luxuries you would like them to have._ 9,,':,,‘,'*,§_';°,,,‘};’*'*‘*°' Q-_;;_',;*;,v,_l'§.m,,
_ No matter what.you:.aze. you: oocunamzn; §.":'.:.:L2:.""‘ '*°""
, _._ ,_your education, or your means—-youcan do it! mg-
, .. All we ask is the.chance to prove it. That’: N...
_"_f:ir. isn't it? Then mark and mail this cou- §§_r;g_t_
pon. There's no obligation and not' ‘a penny cm .

    
   

 ipf cost. It's-a little thingothat takes but a
r llnmeat, but it's the moseimportant thing you

I-r~,
4 ‘ea

(. .

VI!

on do today, Do it noxyl '

_ 0 mail. Yet that simple act has started more than two _

 

 I J

 

   
  
 
 

Vmuaio iniornatlon. Now

 auaaron

 i.rr'ri.i:   ADS

Write to Riker 3 King, Advertising Oﬁices. 1133 Broadway, New Yorlz City, or
29 East Malian» Strut, Chicago, for particular: about adoerh'siug_c'u_t_Iu's maggjne.

AGENTS WANTED

acrurs WANTED—Bit Mono! and rm Boles. am"-y

owner Imyo Gold Initials for ma auto. You charle
31 50; make 8135 Ten ordorl dolly nny. Write for
particular: and true ounnlu Amoricou Monogram

00., Dwt. 171. But Orange. N. J
AGENTS. 35 Hooiery and Nockwoar styles. I5 Nth I0
120% commission. Write for FREE SAMPLES. B. Q. 8.
Co.. Dom. 1312. Lexington. Ky.
AGENTS WANTED TO ADVERTISE our good: and
distribute tree bamlvli-5 to comumen: 901: an hour.
Writa for full DI.l1|f‘Ulll’1. American Products (‘o., 1657
American Bldg, Cincinnati, Ohio.
AUTO OWNER-6-st your tin.-a Free!

Be our l-‘actor:

Agent! Bl: soars time money-maker! Sample tlroo
furniahed. No capital or experience not-dad. Write
todaybm‘ Tin 8 Eubbor 00.. Dook 614. Day-
loll. 0.

SELL coal in Corload lots. Side or main line. Ex-

perinco unneceos .7. Earn week’: pay in an hour.
Liberal drawing account arrangement. Wnhintton Cool
I , 899 Cool l-In-hann “ ““ Chicago.

PERSONAIr—Continued

BACHELOR. 38, worth 8100.000 will marry. \’-Box
866. bouuo, Denver. Colo.

BEAUTIFUL WEALTNY WIDOW. 23, All Alone.
Wants husband. Box 511. Huntenille, Ala.

GET A SVIEETIIEART. Exchange letters. Write me
enclosing stamp. Violet Rn. Dennison. Ohio.

HUNDREDS aookina tnarrluo. If llI('elI onclooo lump.
Mrt F. VVlIlavd, 2938 Broadway, Chlcllﬂ. Illinoil.

IF LONESOIE exchanxa jolly lcttoro with beautiful
iodiea and wealthy gentleman. Eva Ilooro, Box 908,

Jocluonville. l-‘lo. (Stamp).

LADIES AND GENTLEIEN—lf you want new irirmi.-I
oi’ the better class. em-lose oelf-aildresoni otamped

envelope. Andrus, l’. 0. Box 556, Tampa, Florida.

nomooopel. Get your’: today. Don't delay. Send iull
hlrlliclale and lilo. K. Okie, liux 251:, Mus. S1,. 
Now York.  Y.
LOVERS IDEAL LETTER CLUB. Starnpod envelope
for scaled plan. lmrio Down. South Euclid. Ohio.

USE OUR NANDSONE CATALOG: got orden from
any homo Ior Dr. Blair: iunooo homo prodocto.
Llhnol pay. Dr. Blair Laboratorlco, Dept. 542, Lynch-

buru. Yo.
ASTROLOGY

FREE: Aotro icol reminx and complete chart gov-

nc your Ire. as indicated by tho nan Bond
Birthdote. Enclose 1::-. for this notice. Phari Studln.
book A. I... 1658 Broadway, New York.

HELP WANTED

BE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity
11: Iocrot invcougation in your
Ludwig, 511 Woatover Bldg. Konou City. lo.
EARN $110 to 3150 "‘ . oxpcnoeo paid an nanwoy
Traﬂo Inspector. Politiau yuarantood altar com lo-
Hot: or 8 month: hoou study cotxrlo or money rofun ad.
i-lxeollont olrnorlunitloo. Write for rroo " ‘ -
lo! stand. Buoineu Training lnst.. Buifalo. N. Y.
EARN Money weekly, aparo time. addroolinx.
circularo. No telling. Wo my weekly. Bond we
‘or mailing coon. Biro C .. 1658 Broadway, Dept. C-20.
Now York. _ ‘
DETECTIVE! ‘NEEDED EVERYWHERE. work home
or travol aporioooa onnooooary. Writo Goorn I.
Warner, former Govt. Dotoctive. 1901 " " ,. N. Y.
EARN NONEY VIEEKLY. lporo ﬁlo. at ham. and-
drrooinc. mailing. music, cireularl. Sand 10¢. for
England lluoio Co.. 184 CID-I.
Dept. PO. Hartford. Conn.
IESNARPENINB. No capital. 880 wool. Stony.
Rooeto Emory. o. Pa.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED

LTDRIER. routs. PLAYS. etc.. on wound ior publi-
on. Submit MR9. or writo 1‘ 1 Buroau. 515

for man and woman
' Write C. T

' Hannibal. Mo.

_ PERSONAL

ALTNV LADY. 18. All Mono.
5!), Huntsville, All.

IEAIJTI FU L
Hulband.

WE Wantl
Bo:

LONELY HEARTS. win our Club, be happy, mne-

opondonoo everywharo. many descriptions. phmun irrr;
olihor oar. moat Iuoceaafui mothod. 23 years‘ experi-
-nce, Standard Cor. Club, Grayolakr, lll. .

MARRIAGE PAPER—20th your. Big iuno with descrip-

tiona. photon. narneo and addreooao. 25 conu. No
othor foo. Sent sealed. Box 2265 B. Rooton. Ma-.
IARRY—Part.lcularo for atanm. F. Morrison. S-3053

W. Holden Street. Seattle. Wash.
HARRY--I-‘roo photouaphl. directory and dc-acriptlona
of woalthy mombon. Pay when married. Now Plan
. 36. Konau City. lo.
HARRY-—IARRlAGE DIRECTORY with
ooerintlooo from Pay whoa nurr1o<L
Dom. 545. Samoa Ciw. Ho.
IARRY—Writ.o for big now diroetory with phlitoa and
deoci-iptiono I-‘roe. National Agency, Dept A,
Kama: City. Mo.
IVIEETHEARTU Correooonduco Club.
volooe tor aoolod orooooal. Lillian
B. Clneland. Ohio.
WEALTNY BACHELOR GIRL, lonely. wishes to marry.
T-Box I86. League. henvor. Colo.
WHO“ SHOULD YOU HAIRY? W'o'Il trll you. Semi
300 and data to (lharocter Htudlesi. H515 Mi.-
uvnir Tunplo. New York Citv.
WIDOVI. 4!. worth 880.000. would mtry.
tial." R-Box M6. la-one, Dmver. Colo.

vhouto and
The Excbanao.

nodu-

Bum
pi-oul. Station

"Conﬁden-

SONGWRITERS

WRl'I'E_TNE WORDS FOR A !ONI!—Wo oornpooo rriulie.
your moral to no at once. Now York lolody
corporation. 405 H. Roma: Bid... New York.
POEMS WANTED—Sell your Iona-vet-on for 1-ooh. sub-
mit Mon. at once or write New Era llulio Co.. 140.
st. Inuio. Ho.

TOBACCO HABIT

TOBACCO or Rnuil‘ Habit curod or no pay.
rod Roi:

an ady um tial B h “'00 "
. On I . '
Baltimore. Xvi. “D” ‘

(km. !'C.,

Bl: 3-Ft. Telescope

pooplo and ohaoc’ rniloo
8'' "' .3"""'.T.':.... .:::'.':'a.....%'.°

T

dooooit with

H  :m your

Uooul and loco:-oat to;
(In llvo Iooolo-o)

.onIandorooa.aaiftheyworeclooo.Wond

'l‘£"i‘.;e§‘..f"

 _.s1,aEcg_L

whilﬂ they last
.... ... . I>.»..

 

A0]

luau.
. FERRY & C3. 630": cksoiﬁiiva. Dept.u§2-46, Chicago, Ill..

 

 

Iillht almost any one at home. Small cost.
AY 2-cent stamp for partlculoro.
closer; W. SUIT]!

Qt, I-OIILIIS N. Jol’ Ava.‘ Poorlo. 31!-

onn noun warn-an

0 ' I
82 EACH 1! for handrodo ol old
onino. oop A

LL 0 d or odd mood. it may
be VERY voiuablo. land 10 «I. for lLLUI-
TRATED COIN VALUE BOOK. 436. Got
Potted. Wo pay CA1.

OIAIII con: 00-. Au 1!. 1430!. 3- '-

LOOK VINOIE HERE! Priricoll OKIE world iamnul ;

300,000 PHOTO-
GRAPHS PER
MINUTE

at
the rate of ‘300,-
000 a minute-
thirty-one times
as fast as those
reeled off by the
slow-motion pic-
ture camera—are
being made at
Shoeburyness un-
der British Gov-
ernment auspices.
The camera used
in these light-
ning snapshots
weighs two tons
I‘ and is being used
by ordnance ex-
perts to examine
the behavior of
shells and armor
plate.

It has shown
clearly, also,
what happens to
a gold ball when
struck by a club-
head. The ball is
pressed ﬂat on
one side during
the 1-1200th part
of a second that
the driver is ‘in
Contact with ‘its
hard surface.

An exceedingly
hard rubber ball,
teed up and then
shot at by .a
wooden plug pro-
pectile, acquired
some curious
shapes before re-
turning quickly
to the simple life
of a stationary
Sllhtjre. When the
projectile hit i
ball wascpres
i into the shape of
' a half moon. Fl -
3 ing through c
‘ air, it expanded

in the direction
i of flight until it

looked like an

egg. Striking a
asteel plate, it ex-

panded in the op-

posite direction
until it had tho

appearance of a.

coin stuck on I

wall. Then it re-

bounded and bo-

came again a

sphere..

l Photographs
I
1
I
5
l
1

 

 r_‘.-,,,. .. , ,
fuwislu-n-rta-‘....‘~ - »-

 

 
     

ted.
Indoexactlyhk the
pull
. ll.‘.,
"inn:

‘ f 1; ’ f -nf|adI3r¢ICl|'9°


ll
PATHFINDER ¢0HPAN:"'..

 
   

Ransom-
APPEARANCE

ll now n: o re
than ever the
k e y - n o t e of
success. Bew-
Loslod and
Knock - Knead
man and worn-
on. both young
and old. will
be glad to hear
that I have
now ready for
- market my new
nppli it n c e .
which will successfully straighten within
I short time bow-leggedness and knock-
kneed legs, safely. quickly and perma-
nently, without pain, operation or discom-
tort. Will not interfere with your daily
work, being worn at night. My new “Lim-
Strnightner." Model 18. U. S. Patent. is easy
to adjust; its result will save you soon from
lurther humiliation. and improve your per-
eonal appearance 100 per cent.

Write today for my free copyrighted phys-
iological and anatomical pool: which tells
you how to correct bow and knock-knoed
legs without any obligation on your part.
Enclose,a dime for postage.

M. TRXLETY. sPI~:CIAl.Is'r
997 L, Ackermnn Building, Binzlmmton. N. Y.

 

  
   
 

and linen. Ictory to Rider prioee. .
delive:y..expres prepaid on 30 ' 1;
Days Free ‘I’ cl. can or our Duments. I »

‘r.’ lunpe. wheel: and equipment

at half usual prieu. send no

money. Write todey for bihmtnlog,

1 1.50 wt

V PIMPLES

In ‘emu Bbekhudl.

‘ *&°.den:‘e="thI¢eeeelr,||‘::7h."Burb-ulteh.
gggnhrzdhneeuolbnshhyshm
wriu noun

  

I MAKE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS

Mints and Chewing Gum.
Everybody will buy from you.
Free Samples.
MILTON GORDON
134 Jackson St, Cincinnati. Ohio __

Be my agent.
\Vr:lte today.

 

For that Jolly
Beach Party

Pack your weelr—end bag, say goodbye to the
hot, noisy city and set out for a day or two
of real fun and healthy sport at the lake or
sea. And don’t forget to take along your pock-
et orchestra so there'll be plenty of good
music for those who want to dance. If you
want to be the hit of the party, be ready
with a Hohner Harmonica-

The World’s Best

There's nothing like good music for hap-
piness and there's nothing like a Hohner for
good music. Hohner Harmonicas are true in
tone. accurate in pitch and perfect in work-
manship. Get a Hohner Harmonica today
and play it tonight. 50¢ up at all dealers.
Ask for the Free Instruction Book. If your
dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc..
Dept. 156 New York City.

    
  

5-5
. nu ﬁll roll with you nrl \c‘.a'I:I1:

‘ .
.",_";J':;.x,.gg“' .\:'3;;"'K.:'L1 in but
. mu nun Inn: out

1}! ; Iht IICII
tnhh:-aey'oheeu.NI nun uimrnir XIII"
an the uncut two. she to Iran! an
rum. ta ran on play -M 1- U *=- N1-

0°11‘-‘»‘~"s:3¢.;i‘-.!.2=:,°.=.‘,i.".‘z.°:.!

/“luau ALL 71 (or onus

1 :4 "these It formal sachet -I I
3'15. ‘rite 4:1. land no rush

 JOKE HFG.l20.!'P\Z’—‘? lT1'l.XI.llS$

  

   

 

I:

 ’* FAME  
'. _ —— LATEST mums ——
989 Frtgn a Cent to Fortune: or. A.Chl¢-ago B_oy'a Great

coop.
.1140 A Star: in Life: or. A Poor Boy’: Rise to Fame.
‘Ml A Wide-Awake Boy;
, ’ Streak. .
M2 Captiiring tkhe Money: or. How Ben Bailey Nlrde
» Mar . =
“43 Digging for Gold; or, The Lurk of a Boy Miner.
it-M A Boy with Grit: or, Earning an Honest Living.
.'-45 Andy the Mill Boy,; or. Rising to the Top.
’ M6 Fame Before the’ Footiights; or. The Boy W110

   
 
   
   
  
 
   
       
  
   
     
     
    
           
  

 

‘Rossed the Theatre.
‘.947 l.nrk_r Leo the Oﬂice Boy: or. The Nervir-st Lad in
New York

948 Sure to Get Rich: or. A Smart. Young Mnssenger.
‘I49 Pushing it Through: or. The Fate of n l’.m=k_v Day.
950 A Born Speculator: or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

’ Street.
‘V51 Tho Way to Siiccessz or, The Bo Who not There.
9'52 Strun-lr Oil: or. The Bov Who adv :1 Million.
1-53 A Golden Rink: or. The Young Miners of Della
run.
954 A nre Winner; or, ’1‘he,Boy"Who Went Out With a
. yflircns. . ‘ '

. For Isle by all Jewadealerl. or will be sent to. any Ml-
, * rlreu on receipt of price, 71-. per copy, In money or pu-
tsxe lump!-
THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

9.").‘i Golden Fleece; or. The Bo Brokers of Wall Street.
956 A Mad Cap Sr-he-me; or. ' 9 Boy ‘Treasure Hunters
. of (‘or-on island. .
95'! Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
tune.

{I58 Playing to Win: or. The Foxiest’ Boy in Wall Street
.'l'.l9 Tatters: pr. a Boy From the Slums.

90 A géonrm Monte Crista: or. The Richest Boy in the

r .

. o , ~
901 Won by Pluck; or. Tho ‘Boy: Who Run a Railroad.
902 “ Beatinsr the Brokers: or. The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done.
A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Howard.
New-‘rl Say Die; or, The Young. Surveyor of Happy
Va ey. -
Boss of the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street

The miance of His Life: or. '11:» Young Pilot of
Crytal Lake. ’

Striving for Fortune; or. From Boll-Roy to Million-
a 9.

Outrfor Business; or. The Smartest Bov in Town.

Aqliavnrlte of Fortune: or, striking It Rio}: in Wall
. treat.

Through Thick and Thin: or. The Adventures of 1
Smart Boy. I .

Doing His fmvrl Best: or. Working His: Way Una.

Ai§a_\r'; on Deck: 01'. The Boy Who Blade is

n . r

A Mint of Money: or. The Young Wall Street
Broker. '

The Lmldea of Fame: or. From Qtiioo Boy‘-to

. Senator. .

On the Square: or. The Sllovﬂa of an Honest Roy.

Aft:-r n l?'m-tune; or. '1"he Pilwlileﬁt Boy in the Walt.

\\“=nnin2 tho rioilnrs: or ,The Yonnz Wonder of
Wall R reet. , .

is Mark: or. The Boy Who Became
President.‘

Helrkto. a Million; or, The Boy Who Was: Born

Lnt-'_V..

l’.o=t in the A'mielI: or. The Trermiros of the Bﬁried
(‘itv. ‘

V 9%
004

965

~.1i_|

"071
572

9 974
y "75
M1“
'1'?!

I , M8
.5919

    
  

. t

runny ll. womrr, Pnhllnhcr. luau:
tin west 23: street ' New rent city

  
  

   

  
 
 
   

 r}u_.‘ao:caIta pot pan, > h
is out @359’ C I
‘ hut‘ c°‘uh¢:;:g;l:u:t1o;mand aubrnisoto:‘?£

or. Born With.a Winning_

ouiz"'rr:N-cl-2m‘ mm nooxs 5
Useful, Instinctive, and Amusing. ‘no: contain '
Valuable Iafu-nation on About
Every Suhieet.

 

45

No. 1. NAP_0Ll0N‘s OILACULIHI AN]! DBIAI
BO0K.—(‘onIaining the great oracle of human destiny; 
also the_ true meaning or almost any kind of dreamt.
together with charms.v<'erel:nonles, and curious guinea of

cards.

No. 2. HOW T0 [)0 'l‘Bl(‘KS.—'I'he great book of
magic and ward trifks. containing full instruction on all
tho l_onding card tricks of the tiny. aim the mogt popnlgr
magical illusions as performed hy our leading magi-
"‘ﬂ"S3 "V“|'.V 1'0! Rhollld obtain a copy of this book.

‘No. 3. IIOW T0 7LlRT.—’i'h¢- rvrtsz and wiles of ﬂirt!-
tion are fully explained I-y this mu.» hook. Besidentho ~
various methods of linnclkerrhlef. fan. glove. paralol.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains at full list or the
langnaze and sentiment of flows-rs. ‘-

No. 5. HOW TO MAKE LOVB.—A complete guide to
love. courtship and marnage, giving senllble advice.
rules and (‘l‘l4]llPtlo- to 2-: nhsnrrerl. with many curious ‘ V
and inteu.-stint: thing: not generally known, ‘ , v
t No. '1. HOW 'ﬂ_) xrznr BlllD8.——Randsome_l_v»il1up- 

rated agd containing all inntrnotiongior me gang"-
ment an trainin of t can: , '
blnckbird. Dnrotlﬁet. Parrot.  moc'mngh”d' bobounh 

N°- 8 ROW 1'0 Blcmlr: A lCll.V'l'lS1'.-—A useful “-
and instructive hook. firing a complete treatise on '35‘)
r‘hPmi!tr.V: also experiments inkaconstics meehaniea. '
mathematics. chemistry. and directions for ‘mun, .3"- 
works. oolored um. and gas balloons. This b can.

no!tq'be equaled. . ‘
o. 9. HOW 1'0 BICOXE YES [313 __ »‘
33' Harry Kvnnrdy. Every lnteﬁigent lxignrt-2:1: this I 
book or lxfisguctiona can master the art. and ereatge any '"
amount o f bi if , ‘ _,
est book evernpiloltiishgae um ‘ﬂuids’ It is the great

Page. to. now To noX.—-The art of Self-defengg hm.

Containin over than m ‘
blows and the ilferent |)08ylll0il[:strl:f'ti:nsgot:)fd‘g:;::'
EV??? bov should ohtain one of these useful and in-'
::‘I1‘t;Ic;fI:V:!n't1¢;I_t:l¥_:;”as it will teach you how to box with.

o. u. ow To wnrrn I.ovn.r. _

com lete little book. containing mu di:r:c1t:a§:'ro¢’3§§§
‘3§:~r1'?z‘:";::.:“:..:.‘*'.‘:n..'° "%° "'"==-  -Mm»
«.13. owronor-r;on.aoo _
Ql'l':'l"i'l'.'.—lt is a great life secret. and on: tgalt 15:21:
iv:2§'s"‘i'u"'1¥." dew" '° '"’°' "" "’°"" '“’°"'- 5:»!-
No. 18. HOW TO KEEP . WI. ' .
Containing full instructions 131- ..-ou:33c?;n:'?§;}§.‘,'.3
garden either in town or country, and the mm; ,””,,d
methods for raising beautiful flowers at home ‘nu’
most vomplete hook or the kind M-or nnhllshedf ‘ . .

No. 17. now To D3338.
.:‘:.:‘ 3.33:.=1s:.i’?::":::%§.E'°5E“3'€'53” ~'5”*';*,:~"°'.
and how to have them made up.-_‘ co 0”‘ ma“ L

so. u. now 1'0 nncoxa: nan -n1-ur..,..o,, ~
brightest and most valuable llttloubooh over glv°e‘n“t‘:\ ’
the world. Everybody wishes to know how to become A
‘li>,e;1:‘11tailfrI!£':i¢ls%l:tm'e::e and female. Tie secret i_a almplg,
II. . W ‘[0 INTER . -
PAARTY.--A complete conpendiggl of Aglxnoa, gm": ‘
I"‘ard div‘;-rai:‘ns.. comic recitation; etc.. suitable to; pg‘...
01' 0|’ PI HS-l'0oII~¢-uteri t. It —
'°;.'*'°..':"°':: .':".'*..".;:.“:?.‘e".:"I:”““"';‘a‘- °°""'"‘ "”"“
0- D O '

and sight ex lai_nod by lrla former aﬂ¥n‘u.a :r‘
Jr.‘ l;.‘xplaln"ng ho:v1r‘the  dgalogneahwerg
on xeween ems rnnan 9 0 nt sta ‘ﬁg
kivimz all the codes and clgnals. I 0 — 0 “V 

No. 2:. now 1-0 xx!-1.ar1~t DIIAII.-'l'hta.. male‘
book glvea the explanation to all kinda or dr-rail. to-
gather with lucky and unlucky days. v 1

No. :3. now 1-0 -r roI'rcNzs.——l-um-y ....—g.
dz-niroor of knowing what future life will
whether laappineaa or misery. wealth or povqgt
can tuemy n glance at this little horﬁ. Buy one
conv . 

  

 
         
    
              
    
   
         
     
   
     
       
       
   
     
       
       

      

  
    

  
      
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   

 

 

   
    

Forraala hy~aIln¢vIdaoItI,'5.or wan,
address on recent ot price, 102.)»
K, > _‘,lIII!0If]ol'ItII_F.VD!Q

    