limo!’ “Fri”... ‘ 1 n;.':'un I2 -«.r‘ff7'_\(A"'. 1."ntenu1 .‘r.‘.~n.1- If/E7‘ .1! {iv .\'. 2'. /‘mt Up"z.r. I‘; S i R H '1 3; >511. H. -1,-«., .Sr:ru.’/1 _~J:»., ,‘.. Y.

NEW_YORK, JANUARY 5, 1907. _ Price, ﬂ Five ce1§

He then commanded Ernlle and the fraulein to place their hands behind their back, after which
he directed the princess how to snap the irons on their wrists.

     

v

 

  

Inna‘ Wulily. By naércrxgvldm J‘a._;o ,2‘-r y-In-. Egtned as Second-class Heifer at ﬂu .-V. P‘. Port Ozﬁu. by STREET & SMITH. 79.4; swam}, A,.-,,..,,,
N. Y. Entered acwrdingto Act of gongrers m the year moo. m the Qﬁce qf mg Lﬂvrgfgfgnqf gang,-535‘ r;'a.,,~,,‘,,5._;‘,,,‘ D_ C-_ -

mnerféiiynran    

:H<:l1=.V

A

   

No. 523.

NEW YORK, January 5, 1.907.

Price Five Cents.

   
    
  

9

The Man in

' :"é?y',t":vI 3],:  I)",
3  L221 1?‘

1
/‘<3’.

OR,

5 iN1ck Carter’s 1 Conquest of a Castle.

V ' EditedbyCHICKERINGCARTER.

V

the Doorway‘

 

\

 
   
    
   
 

‘ QHIAPTER I.
 A MYSTERIOHS msarrnanaucs.
“If -you will find that boy of mine, Mr. Carter, no
‘ter where he is, or what He has done‘since he went

y, there is nothing under the sun that I won’t do
for you and yours to prove my appreciation and grati-
..,_ ‘

 detective leaned back inihis chair and delib-
_' lighted a‘cig'ar from the box that stem old Por-
Maxim, theinultimillionaire, had shoved across the

  

u

Carter had gone to thepofﬁce of the magnate in
-: - to anti}-gent letter he’ had. received that morn-
 Mr.  .h_ had ‘been dictated the pre-
'  said in 

 
    
     
 

  
   
        
  
 
 
  
  

  Iwish to consult’ with you on a

   
   



ﬁciito yon‘ I would do so. Ishall
oh

 to‘ you if you will come

 

.iyou'Je_a!!"‘-upon ‘at my oriﬁce at nine o’clocl<"

' ugaaijaapertane‘  e éarmegna mine. If I conga“

 

Porter Maxim was not a man who made such a re-
quest as this one idly, and therefore promptly at nine ‘
o'clock of the morning named the detective presented 
himself at the office in Broad Street, and was at once
conducted to the capitalist. .

“It is very kind of you to be so prompt. Mr. Carter." it
‘said the old gentleman, rising and shaking Nick's hand A '
cordially. “Sit down and help yourself to one of 
cigars, if you care to smoke.”
“’I:hank you,” replied Nick. r _~
“I asked you to come rather early. Carter, in order ‘
that we might have an hour to ourselves before the
business of the day begins to rdsh me; and I expect to

I Kc particularly busy to-day, too.” »
“It is not at all early for me. Mr. Maxim,” responded ,
the dﬁective, smiling. ‘ “Now,"sir, in what way tang’
I serve you?" . » ' p ‘Q,
The old capitalist smiled grimly as he replied:
“It is not often, Carter. that a man who is
to be worth’ his acores of millions. as I am, isaforcedl, 
sue for cha_rity;‘.“but it is a work of cl1a_rit}i»‘an 

   
  
      
      
  

  

  
   
   

 
         

   
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
     
   
  
    
   

2, ‘ NEW NICK CA
part which I wish you to perform. Don’t misunder-
stand me, however. I will gladly give you a check for
a 'millic-ndollars, and think it cheap at the price, if you
succeed in accomplishing what I wish you to do; or
if you should prefer it—I am told that you are» already
arich man——I will devote that amount, or even more,
to founding a hospital, or a_ home for unfortunates, or
for any other charity you may select.”

,l‘That is very generous of you, sir,” said Nick,
bowing. . _

I .“I put it in that way, Carter, because I wish to irn~
, press upon you the fact that——well, the fact that no,pay-
; - merit of mere money can compensate you for the favor
 you‘. will have done for me if you succeed in what I am

I about to ask.” I

,l."You irnypsitify me very greatly, Mr. Maxim. What is
it, please?” I 

“All the world knows that I have a son, I believe,
Mr. Carter.”

“I think so——yes.”

“And all the world—‘-_—that is, allthat part of the world
which interests itself in my aﬂ’airs—believes that my
, son is now in Germany, at Heidelberg, attending col~
Inge-” -

2 “Well, sir ?”~ said Nick. ,

7. “That is, however, not the case. The fact is that I
_ da.not know where my son is. He has been utterly
cast to us-—-his mother and me—.-for something »more
than a year now. He was at Heidelberg at the time
_ he"-disappe‘ared~—to be exact, thirteen months ago. But
VII did not know that he had left there until less than
, . ‘ threemonths ago; so, you see, he had practicallyweleven
'«*x'n,ontl1s’ start.” -

‘Do _you mean by that that he ran away?” asked
1%.‘... 7 ..':3’ " .' ' . I
{,,'c_~cYes.r:
 what?”
The old’ man was silent for a moment, as if in an
eﬂfbrt to collect his thoughts, for he was, above all
"gs, methodical; then he replied:

,‘:"I,,yvill tell you first exactly what I know about his
diéiipearance; after that we ,will go into the reasons
 disappearance.” ‘
 well,” said Nick. , ,

_' 1: before the summer‘ vacation-timelast year Max-
ll——that is his given iame—wrote to me that he had.
ded, if._I had no objections, to take a trip through
 with some companions who had pressed him
 ‘so. .. He elected to do that instead of renirning
e for the summer; This was tohave been his last
,_ at Heidelberg; by the way.”-v .

\

,1

     is:=e.mw.i  ,  and we. «amm,
  forthe per-
W9“ spid“in»‘t1at that it mid been:

  

RTER WEEKLY.

well if I should not look for letters from him until
his'return, as the party intended to be far away from

'post~ofﬁce facilities during the ‘trip. ThatAcorrespond—
ence happened in June of last year.”

“Yes.” '

“I did not hear from him again until the October fol~
lowing. Then I received a short letter, in which he
stated that he had returned to his studies; that he had
enjoyed the trip exceedingly; that he was very well-
and all that.” '

“Well? "Go on, please.”

“Maxwell has never been much of a letter-writer.
A shorg note from him occasionally, to his mother or
to me, was all that we ever expected, save the one
fact that he never permitted a week to pass without
some sort of a reminder of his existence.”

“Tell me what you mean by that?”

“Well, he would send a book, or a card, or a bit of
lace, or a picture, or a bit of jewelry, or a keepsake of
some sort, to his mother.”

“And do’ you mean to say that such things as you
describe have come to his mother regularly?”

“Yes.” «

“Until three months ago?’

“Until now, sir. The last one we received came yes~
terday; an exquisitely illustrated volume of Goethe’s
poems-,-4and yet I know that my boy has not been in
Heidelberg for more than a year.” .
I “Do you suppose that he could have disappeared
whild he was in Norway, and that some chum of his,
at his‘. request, has been keeping up this habit of sending
souvenirs to your wife?”

“Maxwell did not go to Norway at all, Mr. Carter.”

“Are you sure about that?”

“Let me proceed in my own way and you will dis~
cover how sure I am about things, and also How utterly
uncertain I -am about anything.”

“All right, Mr. Maxim.” ,

“Some months ago one of his old playrnates-they
were inseparable when they were children——went for a
trip abroad. I urged Jack to go to Heidelberg ‘and
visit Maxwell. Well, Mr. Carter, he went there, but
he could not ﬁnd Maxwell, or any trace of him. He
was told that my son had closed out his connection,
with the college at the close of the preceding year, and
that he was at home with his father in America.”

The detective nodded, and the ﬁnancier continued: g

.“Jack Roberts at once cabled to me about it. I kept
the wires hot after that for awhile, but the result of it‘
all was that it became only too evident that Maxwell ‘
had disappeared utterly about the time he told me, or,
rather, wrote to me to the eﬁect that he vgas going to
Norway» for the summer with some friends. I
," (‘But en the cabling we could do did not alter th 
efact. Maxwell had di _ ed, and not‘: soulgjgz’

I

3

   

           

  

    
 
   
  
  
   
    
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
    
  
  
    
  
     
   

if Heidelberg knew, or appeared at‘ ﬁrst to know, any-
thing about him.” I

“You say ‘appeared atﬁrst to know.’
. mean by that?”
“I am coming to that. I suppose you are aware of
‘_ the fact that my ﬁrm has branch houses in all the; prin-
cipal cities of Europe?” 

“Yes.”
, “Well, I communicated with our houses in- Berlin,

J Paris, and London. I stated the case to the managers
W V, of  of those houses as perfectly as I could do so.
 I instructed them to employ the very‘ best detective
talent that could be found and to spare no expense in
3 the eﬁort tollocate Maxwell, and to unravel the mys-
. tery about him. Mr. Carter, duiiing the last three
; months all Europe has been scoured from end to end
i; in the search for him, and not a trace of him has been
 found. Every European detective who has worked on
 the case has confessed ‘himself foiled. They have all
'2 ’ given it up.” _
“But you have more to tell me?”
“Oh, yes; a good "deal more.” ‘
“What is it?” . '
p “The Scotland Yard man who worked on the-case——
‘ Trevebyan by name-has sent me a long report in
:3,  I will give that report into your hands when
’‘*~ ]I have done with what I have to say, for I apprehend
that';ou will wish- to read it at your leisure.”
hi

What do you

 

9.

—!‘Ycs.” - » '

. “The ‘substance of his report is to the effect that Max-

wel1—-I do not believe it, but it is the report and

 be considered spriously by you for all it is worth

—‘—that Maxwell, during several months prior to his dis-

appearance, had ‘been living a double life. In fact,

 reports that while keeping up his career at

ctillege Maxwell had, under another name, become" in-

vollvedgwith a young woman-——had, in fact, married her

under that assumedxname.” I‘ '

f‘G0 on, Mr. Maxim.” A A _

-“It seems that not one of the’other~detectives fer-

‘  this thing out, which leads me to regard it as pos-

:ible—nay, probable—that Trevelyan is mistaken.” ‘

.‘9Never mind; .tell me what it is.” .

"The assumed name‘ is supposed to have been Carl

ﬂu: Krebs. ~Now, this so-called Carl von Krebs had
- r , ‘or leased, a magnificent country estate not far

_,=--- .Heidelbe‘rg, to which place he had taken his bride.”

.“Wait-,a moment. \_Nho'was the bride?” '
‘There is a mystery about who she was before the so-

  to go with our matter.”
 with  in thatidea; but go on. Tell
irbaffollowed.” \ " ' ' “

 i  ' A that  was via ‘\rmtrder-nothing

\

-u

  
   
 

‘Carl‘,von Krebs married her; but I think that her-

.  NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 3

“A murder!”

“Yes. The beautiful young woman whom Carl von
Krebs had married was found cruelly murdered at her
home. There was convincing proof everywhere that
her husband had killed her-—and he had disappeared.

“Now, as I said a moment ago, Trevelyan is the only
one who has connected the identity of Carl von Krebs
with my son, and his reasons for doing so are given
in the report from him which you will read. The main
points are that the murder and the escape of the mur-
derer are identical in time with the disappearance of
Maxwell, and that a torn photograph, afterward identi-
fied by him as Maxwell’s, was discovered by him in that
house.”

“Then it is Trevelyan’s opinion that your son commit-
ted the murder, and that’ he is now in hiding because
of that crime?” '

“Exactly.”

CHAPTER II.
, snnoumzn IN UNCERTAINTY.

“I think,” said the detective, “that if you will let me
have that report of Trevelyan’s at once I would like to
‘read it through before we go any furtl1er—and if you
don’t think that you will have the time to devote to me
now I will take the report away with me, and will call

-'upon you at your home this evening.”

“No; we will finish with it now. I will take the time,
no matter what it costs me.”

“That is the way to talk. Now, where is the re-
port?” « .

The millionaire crossed the room to a small private
safe, and after a moment placed the report in the de-
tective’s hands.

We need not give that report here in detail, for the
substance of it will be referred to.in the conversation
which followed; but as soon as- the detective had read
it carefully to the end he folded it and placed it in his
fpecket.

“Now, Mr. Maxim,” he said, “I am going to subject
you to a very thorough cross-examination. You must
promise me not to object to any question I may ask, not
to take offense at any remark I make, and not to think
that I am reflecting unduly upon your son. no matter-
what I may have to say, or how I say it.”

“I promise.” M i

“If we are to get at the truth of this aﬁair we must 1.’

i have the naked truth; nothing else. You agree withprne 
in that?” 1 , ‘ 3
“I do.” ' p   
"I will touch upoit the subject matter of the report? 24“
later; but first I require some general information about ’
your son.” ‘ v  - ‘
“Very well, sir."

.i'v "

  

  
 
    
   
   
    
     
    
 
 
 
  
  
   
     
   
  
   
   
   

!‘!And I would suggest that before we begin it would
 welivif you give orders that we are not disturbed in
’h§I'e~on.any account or pretext. I do not wish to have
I’  prind taken from this subject for one moment un-
.‘$.'3-“welhave ﬁnished." ,

.,“I have already given that order. Nobody will ‘dare
to disturb us.”

‘;:‘‘‘Very good. Now, how old is your son?"

I/“:‘He’ is in his twentyvthird year. His birthday occurs
lDe¢_:ernber.”

-S0,, in fact, at the time of his disappearance he was
 past twenty-one ?"

.v¢s,. . .

revelyan states in‘ his report that the reported Amar-

don’t know exactly what you mean by that ques-
t He was always well supplied. Maxwell had a
llfortune of his own———somcthing less than two mil-

,‘  s-it absolirtely his own,’ to make use? of as he

.,.  the day of his ‘matriculation at I-Ieidel.-Ki
I  since he has 
i to sendrhirnany money?'l'‘ ‘

otfatall. , He had his own money

we never had

 
 
    
      
    
   
    
 
   
 
       
 
     
 
     

 
  
 
 

 
 

  

to spend as he 
him?’

“have   place of truth." _ X A r
‘ . . ,“I don't agree with you there.'.Mi-.  It is

‘  3‘-lNposv,.lct us g\et..back,vto_Maxwell Dhisnself.”

    
V I cameto  the, holidays théiiilést Qirighaigﬁ

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘ “I may truthfully say that I do not. I don't uish you
to get the idea that I have considered him as a young
man without faults. That is not the case.”

“Tell me, then, of his faults.” _

“Well, a revengeful temper, ior one thing. Not a
quick one. He has always been rather slow to wrath,
but implacable and unforgiving when roused. He in-

“herits that quality from me.”

“Another, please?”

“Since his childhood, if he found himself placed in a
position where he was thought by others to be in the
wrong while he knew hirnself to‘ be right, he would
never condescend to explain; he invariably left the ex-.
planation to time and development.”

“That is a very great fault,” said Nick musingly. 

“Aaron Burr had it. His history might have read quite
differently but for that fault of his.” ‘

“Yes.” agreed the ﬁnancier.

“Can you think of another?”

“I think those two are his most prominent character-
istics, which might be classed as faults. Of course, he
has others.

didythings which brought severe reprimandss
uponihirn, but who was never vicious, never unjust, and

never, I believe, anything but thoroughly honorable in 4;";

his: dealings with others.” I
\

“Eniphatically; yes.” »
“And you have never hesitated to trust him?"
“Never.” ‘ I
“In any particular?”

‘ “Never. And that reminds

-at

ptincipl¢...which may «count in your husirsess. have ‘A
it '  ’ ; I I

All young men have faults, and he is not, 
in the main, diﬁerent from others. In a‘ word. he has it
always been just an all-around affectionate, good, and "1
thoughtful son, who occasionally’ lost his temper, who 

 

 

Then you have always had reason to be proud of

me-—if there as’  ‘Q
. characteristic about Maxwell which might be classed as.
a fault it has been his impartial truthfulness. If he  .
ever lied to the in hishlife I ‘don't know it. He always. ’
_ fde,spised‘,'a lie _an_d'a  His utter truthfulness" has
 sqxnetimes been [rather armoyingh when 

   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
  
  
    
   
    
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
     
    
     
     
  

he has written?” .

:' ‘.‘‘Had you ever any expressed views about him con-
oeming his probable marriage?”

_',“No. Not all. I have always hoped that ‘he would
7 not thiIlk\‘0f rrying until he was at least thirty years
adv")! I .

"“Have you ever told him that?” '
f‘No; I always thought it best to leave him utterly
alone on that subject.”
V‘.-‘Quite_right.” J .
A .1 "And I am sure that hehad no idea of marriage with
'4  at present”. I
H: ;,f‘Is he naturally secretive?”
“Y es—and no.” ' -
‘What do you mean by that form of reply?”
‘mean that he, was naturally reticent upon subjects
 believed"did not concern others; and that he
always. frankness itself where another person was
ed." . «»
f‘;I_ take it, then, that he is rather given to minding his
 ‘ business, and permitting others to do the same,
- question.” , ' ‘
“You” have hit him exactly in that opinion.”
disabnsing your mind of the idea that he re-
‘ .l5o‘_any young womah as a sweetheart while he
 a year ago last Christmas, tell me if there
any» young people-—young women, I mean—in Ger-
"-90.  he .ref‘erred at all particularly as ac-
‘T, or,-as intimate friends?” ’ W
W  frnostly ‘of his classmates when he
, tofhis life. we‘: there "at all. I do recall- that
8 mentioned tWbI:or three times having made the ac-
of§a={piI'inée’s$ §on1ething—or-other-—I have en-
  he said, was ‘very beau-

  

  

     Nick.»

j_ inountains some-A

 ;-‘livingqxnder
.."_ ;   _ 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. V g

“Well, the first time I heard the subject mentioned
we were entertaining some company in his honor. It
was at the dining-table, when one of his friends called
across the board to him a question as to whether he
had been entertained by royalty, or if he had dined with
the kaiser, or something like that.”

“And his reply?”

“The question was put in a bantering tone, and he
replied in the same spirit.”

“What did’ he say F”.

“He‘said: ‘No; but I have met a princess. The only
trouble is that I did not know she was a princess until
after we parted.’

“When asked how that happened he replied that she
was lost, or something like that—just as I have already
explained it.” ’

“And when was another time that he referred to
her?”

“I heard his mother ask him, a day or so later, about
the princess. He replied to her that her name was--
it is strange that I cannot recall it: possibly it will occur
to me later. Anyhow,’ he told his mother that she was
a very beautiful young woman and very entertaining.
Ah, yes! Her horse had become lamed. Maxwell es-
corted the princess to her friends. He then bade-her
good-by, and it was not until he had rejoined his own
friends at the estate where he was a guest- that he
learned who she was. That is it."

“And was there a third time when he .referred to"

T her?”

. “Why, yes; there was. That same Jack Roberts was v,
with Maxwell in this office one afternoon. They were ti
seated together over in that corner, waitingfor me to
ﬁnish the dictation of a letter, when I overheard Jack
say to Maxwell: ‘‘

“ ‘I suppose you will be bringing home a  
bride _one of these days, Ma~<.’__1_$nd_Maxwell replied .
that—” ’

“His exact ’words, if you please, Mr. Maxim." W  

“He replied: ‘I have never seen but’ one girl over ";§’f
there" for whom I would give a rap, and she happens’ to -‘* _A_
be a first cousin to royalty,’ Jack, so I guess the:-e“Ls 
immediate danger.’ ” ' ‘ -

 

1-ju
0

cnarrnn III.

A Pic-rune or A warn-‘on cunts. 

The detective referred again to the ‘report 
Trevelyan, and after a little he said: g . A . , T -
“Inotiee that ‘y r ﬁotland Yard man based hiccup-
‘ , Krebs was your ‘son, who “ﬁzz;
an  name, upon the following 

  

      
  
 

  
 

J’

    
  

 Km 

 

    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
     
    
    
      
   
  
      
      
    
    
   

lylivfs quietly at his. home, surrounded by his family, who
espfands all of his time upon his estates, rarely going to
the capital, even.

, “Second, that the family of Von Krebs utterly re-
pudiates any connection whatever with the supposed
Carl von Krebs who lived in the house where the mur-
der was committed, and who is supposed to have killed
wantonly his beautiful young wife. v '
Q  “Third, that the German police have giv out the in-
 forniation that this particular Carl von Igebs was an
7  pastor, and that the name was only assumed.

. “Fourth, hat the person who did pose as Carl von
,.Krebs was abundantly supplied with money; that he
 in fact, a man’of great wealth.

I‘ “Fifth, that your son was sometimes absent from his
studies for days at a time during the interval between
the 20th of Janua y and the timé of the murder; and
thatvthese absence were never explained.

“Sixth, that the disappearance of Carl von Krebs and
the disappearance of your son were identical as to time.
"Seventh, that the young couple lived ,quietly and
rnysteriously‘; that their servants were all imported,
some from France and others from'England; that Carl
on Krebs was never seen by persons who. could give a
 description of him-——that, in fact, he was never

  

  

seitirants disappeared as unaccountably as he did! after
 crime, This, Trevelyan adds, suggests that they
 liberally paid" for disappearing. . ’ ' _

‘— I “Eighth, that he ‘discovered the photograph, torn into
bits, which he pieced together-,-r-that he found it where
 had overldoked it, and that when he had pieced
.it together he discovered, and later proﬁed it, to have
3” ’ a photograph of your son. It was found, he adds,
the ashes of the ﬁreplace in thellibrary of that
;'aud—- i » '

 
 

  

  

          
     
   
     
    
   
      
       

entire affair so perfectly ﬁts in with the mystery
~- ,.~; the disappearance of Maxwell”Maxim. ,Then
add:  we might  a tenth ‘point, "which is

_  mystery. surrounding the identity of
 was killed, and the fact that, although
‘ ‘ ’1'eputedlto have been atceedingly beautiful, no-

   

   
  
 

ip \ ﬁﬂtrwcﬂ. that thebody was unsightly.
 ‘Chit; Maxim, hetaddsone  which is
,It;isthis;,,_'.5 , —e A 1,.
 that the authorities seemedi " not to make
 with theesraiitx of the crime to

  
 

  
       
      
      
   
     
 

     
  
 

NEW NICK CARTER "WEEKLY.

seieniat ‘all ‘by any ,others than his servants, and that the ‘

 the‘/fact that the mystery which surrounds a

 A be found who oould describe how she looked ' I
g  the murderer had disﬁgured, her features ~

. “*3 Princess is missed from

“For the moment I am—yes. I will proceed on that_
supposition until I have convinced myself that it is not
the correct one; and you must proceed with me.” 

But I know that Maxwell is incapable of such a 

C1'1m¢-  God! If he should do such a thing as that
I would wish that he had never been born!” 1
‘C I ' ,
‘ Uml“e_5t1°“3blY- But you forget one thing.” ‘

(i ‘What is that?”

“That it is quite possible that he was the husband, but

that: n°V°_1'th€]eSS, he did not commit the crime." M
HOW 15 that? I thought the two conditions were ,
bound together as one.” 

“I don’t think so. Let us suppose, for example. that i 
he married that princess+’’ ’

“That is nonsense!” 9

“Please listen to me. Let us suppose that he fell in
love with that PTl“C€SS Whom he rescued. Let us suP'
pose that she also loved him. Let us suppose still far-
the‘.7 that they eloped together and were married; that 
5he- had di53PP€§l'€d utterly from her relatives and i
friends; that she was ﬁnally traced to that estate where 
She Was afterward murdered. Have vou never h€3'd":::$.
of the~extremq measures sometimes taken by royaity to ~03
Cover up a mésalliance such as this one would have b¢¢'3‘ 1
according to their ideas?” ‘ -

“Yes.”

“Is”: S g0 3‘ “me dc-°P€r into this supposition."
Just as deeply 35 Y0“ Wish, Mr. Carter. I

this mysm-‘Y 5°lV€d, no matter what is brought to 9'3
surface.” ’

 



;,'.;
1. ii
9*.

3

I .“We"’ then’ let “S 53)’ that Maxwell did marry 3*‘ .
princess’ Pet 5'5 53)’ that he posed as Carl von Kfeb’
for some time before the marriage took place; that, as g 
such, he purchased and ﬁtted up the estate to which he 
ﬁmful’ took his bride; that he did it in some sort of dis‘ ’
8‘-"Se, If you please.” V 
“Go ahead, Mr. Carter.” 

h t us say, that ‘we?’ Plan was carefully laid; ‘ha I
e ‘mP°"l¢d his servants, after éarefully selecting them; »

that when the time came the - _
princess had onl v to M ‘°
the home he had created for her 2.. ’
‘Well ?” ‘ ‘ ,

:W° °°m° HOW to another phase of the proposition", I

What is it ?‘ I confess that I do not sympathize with
You in these suppositions.. But go on 17

The day °°m¢S-if’ we are on the right track-Wm‘;

. - h ho d f ' ds.
dmapma . C1’ me an rien
persons of csc dlsi a myst°""“’“‘ it is a secret 0"‘-
.‘ ted f  rank wh° di53PP¢3f are alway‘ ,
 divuir m mm "“““°’- The disai>Pem”°° “ 
“Btit  so. that the world knows about it. ‘
. i ‘S "1 1 case 5 ' are!
moved in the ego 0 this kind. heaven and earth

It to find out what has hove“ 
.«m-a aw   . 

C

  

    
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
     
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
     
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
     
   
   
      
 

_ “Now, in this case. if we are on the right track. the
livery cleverness of the ﬂight of the princess was her
‘<. safeguard—and the safeguard of her husband. She
e —would be searched for across the border, while, in fact,
She was all the time within a few leagues of her own
"home. -
" “Everybodyvin the neighborhood would be delicately
- questioned; the history of everything of late date in the
locality would be known; and in reference to this par-
‘  , ticular house to which the bride was taken it would be
discovered that the people who lived there had occu-
pied it for months, perhaps, before the disappearance of
the princess.”
“But how could that be?”
“Because with a cool, deliberate planner that would
,  the very first thing attended to—to give the impres-
-sion that the house was inhabited‘ by its owners for a
 long time before it was used for the purpose for which
 it was prepared. That would be part of the plot.”
 '» ‘I see I understand,” g
f - “But—-—with the entire secret. service of the empire en-
 in the search, it could not be very long, not many
.1 onths, before the secret of the young couple would be
rm, : discovered. The princess would inevitably be tracked
_down—inevitably traced to that estate and house.
“‘'“It would be developed that she had married a for-

:i~~,., .

 disgrace of. it—-from the standpoint of
! From the standpoint of German royalty l’’\

I » “My dear sit.” the detective, “if suthxa con-
 shouldhe proved to exist, do you half-realize
Irhn_t‘_wonl:l be done ﬁlial! it?’{ ' —
__ ,“You  Mr. 
iul-'spite.of my objections to the idea.” ' -
V “Every act in the life of that young husband’ who
?had dared to do what he had done would be traced out
  even ifmanths were necessary to accom-
plish it. The relatives oi the ‘princess would determine
things: First, that the princess should be restored
 lg;    should, later on, be forced into a
 her station; and that. the
V   must be gotten rid of in such _'a manner
  that the two’-had met at all.”
' inf   thltlhppened on that estate, upon
 l'ep0I'b--if_lh‘w*il_ the
 Maxwell Maxim and tffe wife up: the

ir-

.‘, .

 5. gene; .i.e.ii'..i.....,..e

   

     
 
 

jraeethus

 
 

N
4?, :i,.

NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

You have interested me

  e:rnetly_what would -be  r

 
  T ‘ ‘eF’°‘'.f‘"~'°°'‘*'

7.

service oﬂicers of the government, sworn .to secrecy,
would descend upon that house; the princess would be
taken from it and sent, under escort, to some conve~
nient castle, where she could be imprisoned until she
came to her senses; a dead woman's body would be se-
cured to ﬁt the case, dressed in the clothing of the
princess and otherwise prepared so that she would re-
semble the lady; only the face would be disﬁgured be-
yond recognition: and this figure would be left in such
a position that the distracted husband would have no
doubt at all that the body was his wife's when he should
be brought suddenly into its presence. .
’ “Now, that done, the men who had prepared the

,scene would lie in wait for the coming of the young
husband, knowing exactly his hour for making his ap-
pearance.

“Every servant in that household would have been
already sent to dungeons from which they could never
hope to escape. Do you begin to see what I am get-
ting at?"

The banker nodded. He did not speak.

“Let us look at it in the present tense. The hour ar-
rives, the husband appears. He is permitted to enter
his house; he is allowed to proceed undisturbed to the
very room where the corpse is prepared for him; and
then, at the very moment when he is about to throw
himself upon the body of ‘the woman he supposes to
be his wife, he is seized——seized before he has an oppor-
tunity to convince himself that it is not his bride, and
while he is still sure that his wife has been foully mu‘r— - '
dered and liesibefore him. . g 7

“Can you not imagine the stunned condition of his
mind at such a moment?

“He would not observe details; he would not think
of them. i \ _ _

“He might even struggle desperately with his cap-V _
tors and hurt some of them in his madness, _ ' _ 

“But he would be charged with having committed _r 
the crime-—.-\vith having killed his own wife. He would
be taken to prison somewhere“-—and it would besaid
thathehadrnadehisescapc. W » ~ "-.,

"It is even possible that he would be ‘Permitted to
escape, ‘for, believing that his wife was dead, he cen-
tainly would never rreturn to Germany; And, being

»charged- with the crime in such a way that he could see V 
 of ever ‘being able to prove his innocence. he 3
would liidethis idenﬁty from eVe!'Yb0d)'--his father, .3
mother. and friends included-3.’ «

“My  but it is awful! The picture yam,
draw ia'te{l'ib|el" _  T = , e .

‘   it oﬂers one solution of this mystery)’ , _

»“If_“l 'nocept_it at all. I 'muItenaclnde that 
‘is  in   

 

 

   

   
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 old‘  shook his head. ' ' _ I "And he would naturally use every effort in his power

_  ‘think that after the picture you have to keep you and his mother in ignorance of his trouble
tir;awn,_” he said. “Buit, Carter———-—” ' ' ‘ just as long as possible.” .
:fYe.s?" ' "Yes; that would also be like him.” ,

ay there not,be other suppositions as good as this “Again, if he has been charged with this crime and
'  _ ' A g . i then allowed to make his escape, or if he has been
create many others, sir. But this was! no com- "charged with the crime and has made his escape, whethe
“ disappearance. This is no ordinary mystery. There it was permitted or not, you can rest assured that the
iifactsléotmected with this case that places it within evidence that was manufactured against him was so
,_ ;realm of the extraordinary.’’, A overwhelming that he believes that even you and his

. g ' mother would be convinced of his guilt. That would
‘ A  : explain why—if he is at liberty-—he has not written’ to
CHAPTER IV. . i you and told you the whole sad story.”

I »_,m. YOUPSELF VIN ms _PLACE_ \ "Ah! I am glad that you said that, Carter.”

_ ’ '   ’ i _ , , “Now I refer to Trevelyan’s ‘report again."

{tor a considerable pause the detective continued: «Yes 1)

 have received letters and packégcs’ P‘"’l?°“‘“g “He says here that Maxwell’s friends assert that he
5‘  "m 3°“ by 7°“ 3°“: Sm°°.th°.nme °f never even mentioned to them that he had any idea
 N°w’ let, me ask ‘f th95,° tellers and of taking the trip to Norway. It is stated that he was ‘
.  on the pachgcs have bee“ m ‘his hand‘ invited to accompany them, but that he declined. That

  ‘ I ' . ’ ;,‘ ' ‘ ‘ they had no idea at any time that he cared to go, or that
 ’l°“‘°“""y°"  he eiien considered it. Now, what do you make of that 

I  "packages? That volume of Goethe, for in--

. , statement ?” »
 3°“ “Y “W 5° “‘d'°5‘°“ 5'” ‘'  I made nothing of it at all.”
’  - ‘ ‘ ii, “I. k i tdal f't,AM.M '.”
. we are forced tooneoi two conclusions, we» ..wr;:t,e..a gm‘ C 0 i r axim .

, “ ‘ ” . .  - ' ‘ . , If

'  ‘Elie 1§,,3hv;e’ ' ' .. "if .  ,“l'hat there was another place where’ he desired to A ‘g

“"3 i‘mi'’'‘'>''' ‘ pass his summer, but that he did not care toxtell you 

‘I  is 3 ‘l”i”i’l°"i}‘“d hi’: °m‘°‘»'- b°°" about it, and that. therefore. he used the Norway trip as a 5

W ‘write  and addné’ Packages’ whigh is cloali to hide hisreal intentions)’.
,f!.,“But such'an act  not at all like Maxwell."

I. or thatlfm has been permitted to do ao'at his « -
3. gape he‘ made amazement; git}, some’ i}“‘Possibly not-——as a rule. But we are presupposing

  

1;ieh.si1__a'y he Wliltelyg and the other is that in

' h whdwheg forwards thgmy ’, _  that he. had  the princess.” ‘ _
‘qi;i:g_una¢rs:_asti1?7sr°t1:” .  I ‘ “Oh! ‘I had forgotten that. The idea has seemed so‘ :;;:%

m¢‘€tI:':'iSVt,l|._lSI 5'l!PPO:I_€l‘lIc“did in y , his .es- impossible to me that even while you have been talking
;,n§‘miv,, we will gay, in, South~vAfﬁ‘,,ca, and about it I have notseriously considered it.” .
I rrapged with some friehdl to forward “But I seriously considerit. In fact, I regard it as
sends after hefhafl found .a (the only tail to this kite.” 
would only have to write. the ‘letters “You do!” V V , V .  L.
, ''}a;;id-,'send,tlzem to h,is<§riiend toys. I “Yes. But anyhow let us pursue that subject a little
fmin‘ Heidelberg; or he,{fwpuld _merely I” further.” , L ’ 1
‘ ‘  in’ in envelope to’ ‘his ' “As you please.” , 
Iéiad  nichynnd Sud! 3 thine-”. “If; the marriage had taken place in January, and he
do a’ll;_tlkt;  suppoaingf ‘your .‘ hadebeenjforced to pass a— great deal of his time at col
.» I. ?""_,-7 if ‘A   -glege andvgboutkhis studies iii order to keep up appear-
"  abandons blip! ances, it follow "does it not, that he was looking too:
‘ 2 ‘ ‘ ward eagerly _tl1e vacation-time,’ when he would be
h.

,4.

  
     

 

 
    
 
  

free‘? When he could‘ devote  entire time to
ebeaiitifullyoung wipfei”.   = ’ I ’

 ' ’;«'fAnd  ' , I , ,. =were ‘as wemust 
_tl:en:.to»ha\cbéen.  hope to   «

    
   

\

   
    
  

  

 ‘_.

  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
     
    
   
     
   
    
 
  
  
  
 
    
      

_ “Now, if he took that step of marrying the princess-
if the princess took the bit in her teeth and married
him-—they both knew perfectly well what they were up

2: against’):
T , Mr. Maxim nodded. I
- ,“They both knew that his life, at least, would not be
worth a thaler if they were ever found out; that is, if
they were still within the boundaries of the German
Iaknpire, and they. both realized also that she would be

. ' “Well, death is a small thing compared to separa-
Tln tion in a case of that kind.” ~

“I suppose it is.”

I; “Mr. Maxim, I have always believed in Charles
I‘ ' Reade’s favorite maxim—I don’t intend a pun, sir. You
. remember what it was?” ' '

“ ‘Put yourself in his place.””

“Exactly. Now, when I am mlled upon to study a
case of this kind, I invariably begin by putting myself
in the other fellow’s place, as far as possible.”

“It is an excellent idea,”

“Shall I tell you what I would have done had I been
in  place of your son, supposing him to be in love
wi_tl\r’the princess and her to be in love with Max-
well

2

“Yes.”

“Having obtained her /consent to the elopement, and
g , all the great dangers that were bound to fol-
 uponthe heels of her disappearance, I would first
whave ﬁxed-the time for the event—just as he ap ars to
have done—-to‘ happen either while I was supposed to
' outof the, country, or immediately after my return
it,'so that it. would not, or oould not, be associated"
_  that time I would have arranged the nestfor
 and feathered it.” ‘ '

“I don’t understand.”

“Maxwell came home-to you atiChristmas-time, didn't

\

es.» , , _

 says that Cas’tle Craig-which is
English transiation of the German name he gives‘
"ciihte where the. young woman was murdered-—was
s~ -- for occupancy, and was supposedly occupied,
LS3? 23¢ beginning of the November before that
-» This’ would.amount7to__a fataferror in his report
not, for the fact thathe explains it later that
    to the supposition that.
ltttially married until the last ‘week
N9’:-.  ‘me what. those re
.-ver§.,;ot~hoy:j.;nd  :9 that .

u.

'  I I\lEW NICK :CARTER WEEKLY.

I

9

conclusion. I have decided, therefore, that Trevelyan
and I came to the same decision about that matter.”

“What is that?”

“Why, that the castle, so called, was prepared for
occupancy in November, and that the impression uus
given out that it was occupied by the purchaser and
his bride at that time; but that the couple were not ac-
tually married and did not go there to live, and that the
princess did not disappear until January. Don’t you
see?”

“Yes.” ‘

“That brings me back again to what I would do if I
were in his place under such circumstances.”

“Well?”

“I would know that I must create a blind, and an
effectual one, too.”

“Yes.” ‘

“I would have purchased and prepared the place, just
as we will suppose he did; I would have gone to any
lengths in order to give the impression that it was oc-
cupied for months before the elopement—just as we will
suppose he did again.”

“Go on.”

“I would have known,. as he doubtless knew, that it
would be impossible to smuggle the princess across the
border. I would have ‘known that the safest place to
conceal her would be quite near to her home; and I
would have known that she must live there in entire
seclusion until all search for her had ceased.

‘_‘I would have done another thing, too. I would have
made it appear, at the time of, her ﬂight, that she had
committed suicide, or had been accidentally drowned.
We don’t know if he thought of that, however.”

“N-O.” ‘ ‘

“With everything arranged, with the time set for her
ﬂight, with a perfect understanding concerning how I
should meet my sweetheart at the proper time, and with
every detail of the ﬂight and what was to follow it.
agreed upon, I would have taken that very trip to Amer-"
ica'—a.s Maxwell did.”

"You are beginning to bring me around to your be-
lief about the matter, Carter.”

“I would have returned to Gemiany incognito. There__
is, of course, the difficulty about his passports, but a
little money well applied would have covered that
trouble." . .-

“Yes.” '

“I would have arranged it so thatjit/4 would appear.

asthoughlwasstillontheoceamonmy waytoGer-«

many, at the time of the ﬂight of the princess-and I
shouldn't wonder if we would ultimately discover that
he did hire somebody to cross under his name by a '
later steamer‘ than the one he actually sailed on.”

“Go on.” ’ ' 
_“Inthatvg3y,evenifitwererememberod

\

V 
that heand

  

    
   
  
   
  
   
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
  

— the princess had ever known each other, a few in-
quirieslwould have set" at rest any doubts connected with
I him;-it would be found that he was on the ocean at the
time of her disappearance.” ~ ’

A You are making a regular Machiavelli of

promised me, that our affairs were to have no sharers
‘ in; the secrets. I would not tell my own father or
 mother until _'I could proudly take my wifeto them. An
 older head’ would have known that such a plot could
,’ never succeed inside the'.boundaries of the German Em-
pire; young heads do not regard impossibilities as be-
 inginore than impediments.”

 “That is right enough.”

I, . “Now, let us advance a big step.”

“wen?”
“‘The day of discovery comes. I go to my home to
.6nd——as I believe-my/, wife dead. I am charged with
her murder. A thousand things, which you and I can-
not‘ even: conjecture upon happen to me. I am permit-
G  tolescape, or -I make my escatpe somehow, and I re-
solve 1190!! two things: Vengeance against those who
killed my bride, and proof which will convict _others of
7 tilt awful crime of which I stand charged.. Do you
suppose that I would take even my own father into my
 conﬁdence until I had consummated those two vows?
N9): nmehf’ ‘ I . . .

lab.
_.__—_..—

CHAPTER V. _
. p N1c‘xcA_;uisn"s uxumfr rnomsn.

It-ms atzthis point in the interview when the mil-
lbuairemapde the remark with which_we began this story
semvhesr the detective lighted 8 fresh cigar and leaned
, y in his chair
‘*. ' 

p  Butright here we must ask ourselves a
' event c_l'ass'of q ' .” ‘

 he hagbeen murdered?’ V
 is an extremely diiﬁcult question to answe?
re a strong man, and.thei'e’iore I will, speak unre-
 we may as welllook upon‘ the dark side
the light side of the  It will he better for

  to you in tltisgwsye
' N ‘ ,  ' at iI.;{ii'»Maatwel!
'  of yours, or: ”he'.fy‘ve"re the

i

 

  }‘1 think we can ﬁnd your son,.
 Mr: I -want toast you a .

,gg>aa'e.Tm ‘Maxwell it alive? Do you

  

NEW NICK CARTEWR -WEEKLY.

are——I should say that he would have been put to death '

at once.”

“But why should my son escape where others would
suﬁer ?” ‘

“In the ﬁrst place, he has not escaped the consequences
of his act against the code of royalty. He has, at least.
disappeared, whether he was forced to do so of his own
will because of the circumstantial .evidence against him,
or is detained. I say that another man’s son would
have been murdered, where your son might have been
spared, and you ask me why.”

“Yes.” ,

“The answer is obvious. You are at the head of one
of the greatest banking-houses in the world. Your
house has millions upon millions invested in Germany
and in German securities. You are a power in that
land, as well as in this one—a greater one "there than
here, because Germany is likely at any moment to have
more need of you than the United States ever will.”

“That is true.” 7

“If Germany should go to war to-morrow your house
woiild be applied to for money—or it would be some
othér house with which you could exert great influence.
Germany would not wish to have you for an enemy.”

“You are right there! But by-—”

“Hold on, now; Don’t go oﬁ half-cocked. Don’! set
ﬁre to your bridge until you have crossed it.”

“All right. Go on.”

“That is why I do not believe that your son is dead.
I don't think they would quite dare to murder him, if
his silence concerning the princess could be secured in
any other way. Then there are the letters. While they
might have been forged, to keep you in ignorance, it is
hardly likely.” ‘ i

“I agree with you there.”

‘.‘So I think that, everything considered, we will work
on the supposition that he is alive.”

“Carter, you are a long time in giving me hope, but
when you do it you accomplish it in a manner that is
convincing.”

“That is what I have sought to do. The hope that

succeeds despair is far‘rnore wholesome and lasting than
the hope that has no logic to build upon.” ' '

“Yes, sirree!”

“Well, here is more hope for you that is built upon
logic.” 

"What is it?” . a

“If Maxwell were a prisoner somewhere in Germany,
and was compelled, or even permitted, to write to you
and his mother and to send presents, it is likely that an

eﬁort would be made ‘to impress you with some idea’?

concerning him. For example, that he had gotten into

some ‘sort of trouble and had tied the country--that he 

was in hiding somewhere else than in that empire."
L  seems’ reasonable.” .- ' '

 

     
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
  
 
   
    
     
  
    
  

I

“That is so.”'

“We are only guessing at that, for the reason that
we know that Maxwell. has met a princess in rather a
romantic manner. Not even the Berlin secret police
would know about the affair of the princess. They
would knowthat for some reason the disappearance of
. .. Maxwell Maxim had become a state aﬁair, but their

‘I knowledge‘ would go no further than that.”

‘ “I see.”

V “If Trevelyan had even heard the whisper about a

princess I have no doubt that he would have put two‘
and two together and decided just as I have done. Tell
me exactly what were your instructions to him.”

'every effort in his power to obtain some trace of Max-
Well, but that on no account was he to make a report on
thematter to anybody but me; that, no matter what he
discovered, he was to take no action until he had com-
municated with me, and-———”

, “That was excellent. The German police sent down
 Berlinvand the Paris police. never even knew that
_.'he was there.” .
’ .“I. don't suppose they did.” ,
“Frankfurt and Stuttgart are‘ the nearest large cities
to Heidelberg. It is about midway between them. * Ber-
 is ﬁve or six hundred miles away, or more.”
,‘:YeS._” 7 A
, ,,IfWell, if'Trevelyan had told all be suspected he would
hatvjev.oomplicated the case. As it  it looks as if it
fvvQuld,_/be’ fairly easy—from my standpoint. I shall sail
ttlzisygafternoon at three o'clock, Mr. Maxim.” a
‘,‘God bless you, Carter!” _ , A ' .
2““I will go from here direct to London, to see Trevel-
ran. ‘I shall doubtless take him to Germany with me.”
—  yoirwill ﬁnd and save my son- I know it.”
p“Yes.  will find and save your son. I believe it.”
“God bless you, Cgrterl” , '
~“tAnd_~‘if the princess is his wife, I will ﬁnd her and

1

      
   
   
   
  
  
    
    
   
  
   
  
  
  

men‘  Ann mtnnvn TREVELYAN.

 at once to Penryn Trevelyan with a letter

, and in which by requested the Scotland Yard
“ to call upon him at Brown’s Hotel, in Dover
 asIlittle_-delay as possible. . *_ ' i ' — 

  iIhen‘Treve1y8ﬂ. presenteéi 

 

   

I '_,,“I directed him‘ to go to Heidelberg and to make

 tliedetoctive arrived in London be. despatched .

 he stated that he had arrived that morning I

“   hixnaielf-to the enioyinent or

 to the detectivels
  and  the

NEW NICKICARTER VVEEKLY. 

appearance of a Sunday-school superintendent who seri-
ously felt the weight of his responsibilities.

He was spare in build, wiry in his movements, alert in
his manner, calm and self-possessed in his attitude. His
voice was low but distinct, and his entire personality at
once inspired Nick Carter with conﬁdence.

Not a word more than ordinary salutations passed be-
tween them until they were alone in the room, with the
door closed behind them; and then Nick again extended
his hand and said: »

“I am very glad to make your acquaintance, Trevel-
yan. I think we will work together without a hitch, so
let us be friends at once without waiting for the usual

‘ time to become acquainted.”

“By Jove, Carter!” was the instant reply, followed by
a sincere pressure of the hand that was extended to him.
“That is the way I like to have things said to me. I
have always wished to know you. ‘Will you show me
youvr/letter to me from Maxim?”

Nick smiled and produced the letter, and waited in
silence while his new friend hastily glanced through it.
Then, when Trevelyan .had put the letter in his pocket,
he said: - .

“Trevelyan, I may say, to start with, that Mr. Maxim
is greatly pleased with the work you did for him in this
case ; and now it is his wish, at my suggestion, that you
and I should go to Germany together. I wish to ask
you first if you can get a leave of absence from the
Yardvto go with me.”

Trevelyan smiled, showing his even, white teeth.

“I have anticipated that idea,” he replied. “I ap-
plied for the leave and got it before I came here to meet
you. I am foot-free, Mr. Carter, for as long a time as
you. can make use of me.”

“Tut, tut!” said Nick; “We are to work together in
this aﬁair. We will make use of each other, instead
of’one of us using the other. We will start on even
ground and, workside by side through the case; and you
need not bother to say ‘Mr. Carter,’ if you please. When
you wish to attract my attention just say ‘Nick!’ and I
will answer.” '-

“Goodl Thank you. My best friends call me Pen.
It’s an, abbreviation of Penryn. How is that for a
Cornwall name, eh? Penrynl Trevelyan! By Tre, Pol,
and Pen you know the Cornishmenf eh ?”

“You certainly did hail from the chalk-cliﬁs, didn’t
you? Now, when can you be ready to start for Ger-
many?” i

“As soon as I can get upon my feet from this chair.
I am ready now. However, we have two hours before
it will be necessary to start for the station.” A

“Very good. We will use those two hours in
paring notes, so that we may start even.” ’

“Yes.” I

om» I

i“_¥ou havehad one advantage which has not 

  

  
     
     
 
   
   
   
    
    
  
   
 
    
  
  
   
  
    
 
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
     
   
   
   
     
    
   
  

&

“While it might be that they would seek to impress
you with the idea that he was still attending to his
studies, they would know that it could not be a long

, . "We must therefore conclude that he has made his

‘ escape, or has been permitted to escape. You must re-
” ~ niernber that if he were a prisoner in Germany now his
A °a'ilers would ‘know nothing of his customary methods
.7l".of communicating with you; but if he is free, and is
" hoping to carry out some such vows as I have outlined,
 he wouid be apt ‘to write exactly as he has written.
W _ “You see, he would know just how much and how
‘little in his letters would satisfy you. He would know
that thelconstant remembrances to his mother would
keep you in a state of content concerning him; and he
‘Would be the last one in the world to tell you of his own
sgrace—for he would so regard it—principa1ly for the
reason that he hopes with every day to clear up the
mystery that engulfs him. What sort of a looking chap
he? Have you a photograph of him?” '
., “Yes. Right here.” I 7
The banker took a photograph from the drawer of
 desk and passed it to Nick.
It was the picture of a remarkably handsome young
.- and as Nick Carter studied it intently he re-

¢d= . ‘ . _
‘(Mn Maxim, there is a ﬁne young man. He has a
*-- - head. He is very determined and very proud.
.5 doesn't know what it means to give up beaten. Do
' know ’what I think about him since ,1 haye looked
'this picture?” ’ 3 ‘
“No. Tpll.me." _
think,.ﬁrst, that he married the princess; second,
-he made,liis’ow_n escape atter he was set upon by
enemies: ‘and, third, that he is,_atV this moment in
. w y, working night and day‘ to succeedin the two
, _ ‘he has set for himself.” V A

“Do you 1-pally supposeall that, Carter ?”

,1 .,',_ .
I God! You give me courage.”

\

4-‘ '.;'p,eliue.of London, Paris, and Berlin upon the Search
 son.‘ How has that Search been conducted?”
or onekthinig, it has been pursued with the utmosi

andlarn very glad that it
\ ,' ’ t \‘ I I ‘-

_   rnembersiiof my firm, in each
  I wished no noise whatever
’” ‘ " . Ibelievedthat success

\.


  



  

-ix 

I   it  and.

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. II

I dreaded being ﬂooded with a whole lot of letters from
people offering their services in the search for him.”

“Good I’’ . v

“Everything that has been done by the French and
the German police in this matter has been done through
our French and German rbranches. I have not appeared
personally in the matter at all."

“All the better.”

“In the case of Trevelyan I once had occasion ‘to
make use of his services myself, and I remembered him
as being a very efficient man, so in communicating with
our London house I directed that the case be placed in \
his hands. That explains why his is the only complete
report I have had—is the only report, in fact, ‘that has

. been made directly to me.”

“Now, what have the Paris detectives had to say?”

“Merely that no trace of him has been found. They
all agree that Maxwell did not go to Norway.”

“What have the Berlin detectives had to say?"

“The same thing as the Frenchmen.” ’

“Am I to understand that Trevelyan is the only one
who connects your son with the tragedy at Castle
Craig?” I
- “Yes.” A

“It has not been suggested either by the French or
the German police?" I A

“No.”

“They agree, do they, in stating that it is an unac-
countable disappearance, and that no trace of him can
be discovered?” '

“Yes."_

. “And they hint_—at what?”

“Nothing in particular. Everything is vague.”

“Well, do_n’t you see that this exactly carries out what
I said in the first place?” ‘

“Just what do you mean ?”~ =,

“That the-Germans very much prefer that Carl von
Krebs should not be confused’ with Maxwell Maxim.

‘The police know it, all right, but they do not propose N

thiit you shall know it if you can be kept from ﬁnding a
it out. Oﬁicial Berlin ‘and oﬂicial Paris knows it, all \
right, but oﬁicial Paris and Berlin do not propose that '
you shall know it. That was a_happy idea of yours in
sending Trevelyan—a man whom you know—to the 
scene.” I ‘ \~ » 

“But, if,Trevelyan discovered so much, is itnot rather
strange that he did not find out still more?” ‘

.“As what, for instance?” ‘

“Why,‘the ﬂight of the‘ princess; the-———"

“My dear sir, you are forgetting.” '

“Forgetting what?” . p ‘

“That it is ‘not likely that half a dozen people in the
‘whole world know that a princess has eloped, or that
the murderat Castle Craig was even remotely connected
 GIG-,” . I ~

  
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
    
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 

_  me, although I have read your very clear report on

5  the case; I have had one advantage which you did not

 poses, in that I have had an opportunity for a very

: comprehensive discussion with Maxwell Maxim’s father.”

Trevelyan nodded.

._ “So I think,” continued Nick, "that if we dovetail

‘ our experiences we will ﬁnd that we have quite_a clear

case.” V

V “I am glad that you have something wh'_ch makes it

H appear clear to you. I will confess that I ran up against

' a blind "lead which stopped me as suddenly as if I were

7. againstlthe great wall of China.”

' "Yes. I know that. May I ask you some questions?”

“Sure. "Go ahead.”

“You are positive, are you not, that Carl von Krebs

 and Maxwell Maxim were one and the same?”

i “Quite so. I haven’t the least doubt of it.” - _

.“Are you quite as conﬁdent that the marriage of two

persons which took place during the last week of Jan-

“narx pf last year was his wedding?”

“ V “Yes.” 4 I ~ .

 y“Also, that the people who lived at Castle Craig

wished it to be believed that they had been married in

e month of November previous to that, and had lived

’' In that house quietly from that time?”

“‘Yes."

‘_ “Was your opinion' concerning the true time of the

anarriage adopted by others?”

.“I think I was the only one who searched it out; or,
others knew about it, they kept it religiously to them-

 

def’. , ,

‘Trevelyan did not reply to this.

6 “N ," said Nick, f‘t:ell<rne _what sort of efforts you

 to trace the identity of the murdered bride." ,

 ‘.31 made every effort that I could, but they were abso-

 without resul ." ’ . V -

';‘VYhat was the name that was stated in the marriage-

  saw?” '
anda Lysart." , L

‘Did you discover anything about her which led you
 an opinion as to her nationality ?’’e

‘I 1 “Yéétseveral intangible things; nothing really impor-

. ’i.1>!It I did get the idea that she was French, and

i  perhaps, on the stage. But, really,

  

  

that I  add to it in any way. That
 add any facts. ‘Whatever I might say in
 V-:4  be,_pu're1y in the line. of conjecture.”
‘;ﬁ;nd.”'  Rick in reply, “that in ‘a case of, this
  a fellow 8 

 of a  * 

  

   

  

any report was as complete as I could make it. _

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

.withher. He had rescued her when she was lost-

I3

a very small and apparently insigniﬁcant circumstance

regarding the identity of the bride.”

“It resulted, I suppose, from your talk with the
father?”

“Yes.”

“I thought of that many times. If I had had him
where I could have discussed the matter with him, and
could have discovered something about young Maxim’s
sweethearts-——” ,

“That was a subject upon which the old man is utterly
ignorant.”

“Then I don’t see how-——’

“I will tell you.”

“Please.”

“I first questioned him rather closely about the char-
acteristics of his son. I discovered that Maxwell has
always been a reticent youth, particularly on the sub-
ject of his young women friends. He was-or is-——”

. “I think it is was, Nick.”

“Do you mean to tell me that you believe Maxwell
Maxim is dead?” ,

“No. I believe he is alive; but I also believe that he’
is dead to everybody who ever knew him.”

“That means that you believe that he killed his wife,
doesn’t it?”,

“Yes.”

Nick pondered a moment. Then he said:

“Trevelyan, I do not at all blame you for having ar-
rived at that decision, for the reason that I know how
meager were the points you had to work upon. To you
it was like a proposition in algebra, where A plus By,
divided by B and added to Aby, equaled the uncertain
quantity X; eh?”

“Just about that.”

“Well, let me tell you something. In pursuing my - H
mode of questioning the old man I found that Maxwell
went home, as you know, a year ago last Christmas.”

“Yes.”

“While he was there a dinner-party was given in his

I

honor, and at the table one of his old chums began to t
» guy him about his living abroad, and made the remark

that he supposed the day was not far off when Maxwell
would be bringing home a German bride. His reply to - 
that was that he had never but once while he had been into 
that country seen a woman for whom he would give a
picayune-—-or words to that eﬁ'ect.’’ ‘ I »- 

“Uh-huh 1” remarked Trevelyan, if that sort of a 
grunt can be called a remark. ‘ v

“Again. in the same bantering manner, he was asked"
if the kaiser had invited him to breakfast, or something
likethatnowhichherespondedthathehadnevermet L
but one person of royal -blood. That was a prineeu;\
only the troublewas that hehad not known hertobea 
princess until after--and 8011.13 time after--he 

  
        
    
       
  

   

  
    

i

 
 

    

/rnountains, and all that. Do you see the possibilities
art that incident?" '

,‘,Very plainly.” --

“Now,Aif you had had that to work upon when you
 on this case, would you not have made use of
we . inﬁormation ?"

 certainly should—-to the extent of‘ discovering, if
" , the identity of that particular princess."

 to do when -we get to Germany.”
revelyan nodded.

91 see," he said. “You did have an unquestionable
‘I I, _ itageoverme, Carter," ’
i"In that particular, yes; also, in being able to‘ learn
V 'teiy about the character and ‘habits of young
" inn I will tell you now ‘that from all I can learn
fttnlunusually intelligent chap, smart, keen, full of
t.,llatidsornc,,strong, six feettwo inohis stockings,
afraid of anything that lives, moves, or breathes,
V ‘ his and upright in his dealings, and has never
'  to any bad habits at all. _ He is reticent, has
‘forgiving temper when once it is aroused,-=—only it
I,  sily aroused. In a word, he is not at all the

fol’ chap ywhoywould kill a woman under any kind
' “ vocation, although he might be content to wait
lorder to lrillgalman who had
T’ Trevelyan rep_eated._ f , ,
fPen—-asgrou have asked to address you-
 fpoaitive, that Carl  Krebs was Maxwell
I ‘ and I am positive that, if he was Maxim, the,

wronged him.”\

A

‘ it was a princess‘ who was murdered; and, if
‘true.ir.,woul,dn’t  have been a whole’.lot

all}.   murdered,‘ accord,
V .1, The  ianstillialive." - ,

' f V cl lady, ,th€n,?"j  v
,1’ :The..  , French maid..doubtless,

 are thc;_.opiriion;,gthat’the dead womaﬁ was

A *  the dis-
‘_;'_  her um‘:

' Nlzw NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

lxactly-and that is the very ﬁrs! thing we will ‘

' was his’ mate in that nest he arranged _
to , ‘ »  ’ . '

. : upon the very
’ «_,"So I ﬁgured it

 ou_t;°,
I ‘  princess’ people hadarranged.”f r

   
   
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
   
    
   
    
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
  
  

CHAPTER VII.
LAYING PLANS‘ FOR THE CAMPAIGN.

Trevelyan jumped to his feet and thrust out his
hand. I
A “Nick,” he said, “that remark of yours about the sub-
stitute is like turning on the electric lights in a dark
room. It makes everything clear. What a dolt I was
not to have guessed that there was something of that
kind involved in this affair!”

“Not at all, ,Pen. There was one word that you
needed to work upon; and you didn’t have that word."

“You mean the word ‘princess’ !” /

“Yes.” ' - _
“It opens up an entirely new case, doesn't‘ it ?"

“It does.”

“I wouldllike to tell you what my idea was about the
case, as far as I had gone.” i
“I wish you would do so.” V

“F,.~'irst, after discovering that Maxim did not go on
that {trip to Norway, and had not thought of doing so at p ’
all, although he had so informed his father, I looked in
information about him concerning his life at ‘college, hg, .
habits," and all that.” 5 7 ’

“Yes.” A

"I discovered much of what you tell me, only that

, he was never what you would callla saint.” V
‘‘ “He was just an ordinary young man who ‘is out
for a good time, but who carried with him always a, to
certain degree of rectitude from which he did not de~
part." ’ .
“Exactly. Well, when I connected him with that Cas-
.» tle Craig aﬁair, and then by careful and exhaustive in»
quiry discovered that the servants in that house had
been imported,’ that they were mostly French, with a
sprinkling of,»-English, I came to the conclusion that the 
wife must,have been French, also.” I
I “That was natura .” h .

“A famous beauty of the chorus-girl variety disap- 
peared -mysteriously from Paris at about that time._ 
Without any proof whatever, I decided to my own sat ‘
infection that she was the woman in the case. Now, *
after that I had nothing to goupon but conjecture  '*

‘few facts in my posiiession.” ‘ ’

’ I

«Yak» '. _

 

p . out that there ‘Was another man in »
the ’ca‘se,iand that Maxim, in a fit of jealous rage,‘ had
\ ‘killed his ‘wife and fled the country.” /
 :4And in that way you fell plunlc into the trap that the L

f I

     
 
   
  

   

'0

 

I

    
  
   

‘  Butte-letgrne pcontinueﬁ’ 
‘myu   A‘ ,

 
 

 . gégiagaigg  ':'._«..,f  ..:~ -.- i‘ ;,;-an

  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
     
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   

‘world. That is what I had determined to tell you
when I received your message this morning.”
T “And now all that is changed, eh?” i
l “I should say so.”
i"‘It is my belief, Trevelyan, that young Maxim is at
this moment in Germany.” .
* ‘.‘I can hardly agree with you there-and yet it may
i be so.” .

“I will give you my reasons for thinking so.”
“Please.”
“We must first accept the theory that his bride was
V .the princess whom he rescued in the mountains, whom
he was determined to meet again, and whom he did
meet, arranging it to happen by accident at ﬁrst, and
later, with her ‘consent, by design, until the affair cul-
minated in an elopement.” ’

“I am more than willing to accept that theory—at
' least until we have worked it out.”
 I “Ngw, you have had a great deal _of experience in
 lands that are ruled by kings, queens, and emperors.
You know how jealous they are of their, blood; you
 to what extreme ‘measures tlyey would go in a
disc of this kind.” I
H “Indeed I do know. They would stop at nothing-
Aanot for a moment at the killing of an innocent maid
and dressing the body in the clothing of her mistress.”
A “Exactly. You know, also, with what devilish in-
 and patience they would work until everything
‘was ready for the  blow."
i'“Yes." ‘
“That brings us to the point where the princess was
ﬁtolen away from her new home and where the corpse
of another woman was sulntituted for her.”
,."Yes.” ‘ ‘
“We will say that it was a partly darkened room;
 Maxim was permitted to enter that room and ﬁnd
 but that he was pounced upon before he could dis-

,.arid 't is made clear to him that the proof that he
 a terrible deed is overwhelming. He is
A _i .  enough to permit these things to work deeply
his ‘mind. He is ‘allowed to brood over them until.
scenes to the‘ conclusion that the only’ way in which
  ever he able to clear himself will be to ﬁnd‘ the
 guilty 'party'—-and all this time-—ezzen until this
 ’ i-:1‘: has never occurred to him that his wife is
 _ _ ~ W ' 
 gave an  nod. - p A
 that ooerof two things happens. He in per-
 to_eu:apc.’or he somehow makes
" yieaogmhei I 'ty being oﬁered." And
' ,. ‘ 1 rs-Ind-packaeenupposed
 T by thtyoune man
 .;‘fNa.m” ’ T

 
 
 

   
  

    

    
 

‘V:  that it was not the body of his bride that was
 in front of him. He is dragged away to *

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. :5

ing made his escape, his entire life would be, from that
moment, devoted to two purposes.”

“Yes. _To prove his innocence and to revenge.”

“Precisely. And to accomplish either he would have
to remain in Germany.”

“Sure. You are right, Nick. Maxwell Maxim is at
this moment somewhere near the scene of his strange
experiences. There is only pne point in your theory
about which I see room for serious doubt.”

“That is concerning whether he is now at liberty or
not.” ’

“Yes.”

“I have thought it all over many times, and I have '
made up my mind to work on that hypothesis."

“Yes; it is the one to work upon, without doubt; but,
all the same, we must not conceal from ourselves the
truth that he may be dead at this moment. They might
have murdered him when they killed the substitute.”

“I cannot accept that idea at all, simply for the rea-
son that he is the son of his father. Porter Maxim is
a great power in the world. If his son were murdered,
and the fact were ever discovered-—-—”

“Yes. Still, they may have kept him imprisoned, and
have managed that letter and package business them-
selves somehow.”

“That is quite true-—-only it does not appeal to me as
being at all likely.”

“You prefer the theory that he is at this moment a
liberty?” -

“I do.” ..

“Then we will accept it, for the present at least, as
a fact. Now, what is the next thing to do?”

“We will go from here to Berlin.” ,-

“Berlin is ﬁve hundred miles and more from---”

“I know that, but there is information to be obtained
in Berlin which we could ﬁnd nowhere else. Our ﬁrst
care_must be to make a study of all the members ofpthe
royal and semiroyal families. We must know about and
trace out the histories of every young woman who lives
or visits inside the boundaries of that empire, who’ has
even the yghostlof 'a right to the title of princess.”

“Lord, Nick, there are slew: of them!” T "

“I know it. But the point is that we will ﬁnd Max-

         
 
         
      
   

well Maxim more quickly in that way.’ than in any
other.” - c
“That is true.” ' ' .

_ “If the theories weihave decided to adopt are they ,
correct ones he will not be far from the place where 
lived; he willhave a pretty good ideawho instigated ‘
the murder. If we trace out the identity of the princes; T
we will‘be_a long way toward ﬁnding  and helping -
him, as w .” ._ p 

“He may have discovered by this time that she'*i;
alive.” W ’

“That is possible. but it is not probable. as 

  

  

 

 _ , V ,,.7. ,.

    
  
   

I ’ tives would keep her in entire seclusion- for a long time.
She would be in a convent, or imprisoned in a castle,
on kept somewhere so that she could not be found.”

“But her relatives would never let it be supposed that
she is dead.”

“Certainly not. ‘But if Maxim is certain in his own
mind that he saw her dead body with his own eyes, all
i. the reports in the world that she was alive and in tem-
pdrary seclusion would have no effect whatever upon
him. He would not spend his time looking for her; he
would be looking for her murderer.”

“Right.” ‘

 “Now, how much time have we got before we must
start for the station?” 1’

“Another hour.” - ,

“Then let us employ it in driving around to see the
editor and publisher of Burke’s Peerage. I fancy that
e j in thafoﬂice we’ will be likely to discover somebody who
will‘make us out such a list as we want concerning
German princesses.”
~_ “That's a happy thought, Nick. I know just the man.
5 He is employed there. Come along.”

~ “If you know just the man for the work,” said Nick,
"‘you_ go there alone and attend to it. Make it appear
that Scotland Yard wants the information. Pay liber-
'ally for the list. Tell your friend that we wish a list
jv‘  full of every family where there is a young woman
who has any claim whatever the title of princess——of
feytry name in full of any ‘and every princess who lives

N _ inAIGe‘rrnany, and also who visited Germany during that

. ypar.’

‘ “ t will take him two or three days-—possibly longer
--to make 'up the list.” _,V
[M “To be sure. Instruct him to send it by mail to--
; No; by special messenger—-that will be better and safer
—-to Lord Angus Ma'cGraw, at Berlin.”
Igevelyan showed his white teeth in a smile and

 ':'f‘what’s the game; Nick?” he asked. “I don't, know’

 Angus‘ y. In fact, _I don’t know that I
 saw him to recognize him; but I know that there
  a man, and that he /has a reputation for doing
 things once in awhile. That reputation ex-
 rather generally over Europe, too. Is he going
ivlithus?” ' ’ \

 is going to be your traveling companion; and

 are willing you will be his secretary during the
._ .,.. ,

’? "Willing? Ofcourse. I am willing to do any
thing you suggest. But what is the ‘game, as a cock-
yuould put  question?" . ' /
“This: _ 125:4 Angus is one of my on-time friends,

 iiorthe esentbusiness,webeara
 ’ other. It. is so marked, in
*7  affew slight  I can make myself

\.

 

/.

NEW’ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

look so much like him that I could impose upon his
own servants, if I wished. I did it once, as a joke, at
his shooting-box in Scotland.”

“It is a capital idea, Nick. Where is he now?"

“He is in America, traveling as plain Mr. MacGraw.
He won’t be back here for six months or more, and in
the meantime I have his permission to use his name to
any extent that pleases me. I saw him just before, I
started. I talked the whole matter over with him-and
in the passenger-list of‘ the steamer that brought me
over I am registered as Angus MacGraw.”

“That is bully, old chap!” _

“So you will be Jock McAllister, his secretary. Now,
skip. I’ll meet you at the station.”

“All right. I'll be ‘on hand.” '

jig.

. CHAPTER VIII.
TRACKING DowN.A PRINCESS.

,VVe will now pass over an interval during which Nick
accompanied by Ffenryn Trevelyzin, established them-
selves comfortably in Berlin, and where they were at
once recognized as Lord Angus MacGraw and his sec-
retary, Mr. McAllister.

A word, too, regarding the reputation in European
cities of that same peer, familiarly known among his
intimates-—and they were legion—as Lord Angy.

Lord Angy was known as somewhat of an eccentric-
as a pronounced high-roller, who loved to do impossible
things; as a man who stopped at nothing if he wished
to perpetrate a joke; as a person in whom anything
was excusable. There are such persons everywhere in
the world, who are only smiled upon indulgently when
they commit deeds which in another would be roundly
condemned.

Furtherrnore—and this was, doubtless, one of the rea-
sons for the excus/es that were made for him—he was
known to be eno’rmously rich. He spent money like
water everywhere he went; d if he could find an
original way to get rid of it he invariably adopted that
method. i '
I We can see at once that this ‘was ,just the character
for Nick Carter to assume; and, so far as the spending
of money was concerned, the multimillionaire in New
York had placed an unlimited credit at Nick’s disposal.

,We have siren already how Mr. Maxim told Nick
that he would regard a check‘ for a million dollars as a
mere bagatelle in this matter; and Nick was resolved
to spend a million, if it should be necessary in order to
accomplidi the purpose which had taken him to Ger-
many. » A

And so when he settled in Berlin for a time he took
an expensive furnished mansion, he filled it with serv-

“ ants, and he deposited money enough with two or three

1
I
2

3  5

    
   
   
  
  
   
   
    
 
     
    
   
   
   
    
 

»

~ there to make themopen their eyesin amaze-
lifhey had been there almost a week when the list for
=« ..’I‘revelyan had made arrangement before their
'  from-”LondonVarrived, and already‘ Lord Angy
' succeeded in getting himself very much talked
-- as a spendthrift who had taken a new. course of
‘gfocedure since his last visit to the German capital——a
‘ _. which the Germans shrewdly suspected. would
e bankrupted a man less wealthy.
, ‘was a Saturday evening when Nick and Trevelyan
 themselves together  the library of the house
' A they lived to study oyer; the list that had been re-
'ved that day; and it covered, in all .its ramiﬁcations,
‘ tions, and noteslabout collateral relatives, ﬁfty
of foolscap paper. !
ick uttered arlow whistlawhen he looked upon it,
'Tre'velyan.grinned. . . ~ ' ,
:‘‘Have» we‘ got to learn all that by,heart, Nick ?” he
Wait a minutes. before we begin,” replied Nick.
_t did you say was the name given in the mar-
register_ of, the ‘woman "you believe married
.. are ~ ’ ' -

9

/‘

name of the groorn_as given in

   

 " L can +9.. Krebs.” .’ ~
 i‘   signiﬁcant,

   

‘ .  .; “ s, _.
 50.". . - * pr ’ ~ ~ ‘ \ ,
.  “ ‘ged to work hi own ‘name into» the

- in full by merely,adding'six letters to it.f’
vu—.gt}:e way. I ﬁgured it out.” _ - . -
day’; you  that the bride must  have
-qmycaof  own names into ‘it, too? You see,
 ' ‘N pizincesseswusually haveabout.a dozen’
Paul

as y-, g:

,. Z . ax?‘ ‘ -

l. , r.'!‘r'welyan.‘"laughing. _'  .

 hauotume sheets aadgr will

  than until you find
 ,contain$§.leither ‘Wanda’ Oi‘

_ dvleewierrsuch 3 name make 3‘ ref-

   
       

.;

"Johan am; ztdqiph _Maybe—4

     

    
 

\. \

  

   
  

   

  

W"NIcK_ CARTER WEEKL .

        

W§"’1""}

 

.’..

   

 

“None at all."

“Wdl, I have found three Wandas and no Lysarts at
all. I suppose the Lysart was just a haphazard name,
the same as Von Krebs; eh F”

“Yes. But we have nine \\’andas altogether.”

“All right. Now, go through your \Vandas and elim-
inate all that are married and all that are more than
twenty-ﬁve years old.” ;

"Wait a minute, Nick. The lad might have fallen
in love with a woman who is older ‘than that.” I

“I don't think so. Stick to the twenty—ﬁve, anyhow,
for the present. Let us see what we ﬁnd."

Again there was silence for _a time, and then: i

"“\\'ell?" asked Nick.

“I have three out of my’ six,’ replied Trevelyan.

,“And I have two out of my three," said Nick.

“That reduces the nine to five."

“Goodl Now, take the old German State of Baden.
Heidelberg is in Baden, isn’f it? Or somewhere near’
the border?” ’

“It is in Baden; yes.” » ‘ A.

}‘See.how many Wandas you can find who were in 
that part of the country two years ago. I will do the L"
same.” -A little later he added:

“How many have you found that fills that bill?”
. “Only one.”

it “And I have found one, also.”

“That reduces the number to two.”

“Hold on. Not so, fast. Now, look at your visiting-
list. See if there isn't a Wanda or. two who visitedin
that part of the country that summer. Or who has 
uncle or an aunt who lives in that section. I'll do the
same‘): ' . e.

“I have found one SUCHX as you mention," said Trevel-_
yan, after another pause. ‘

"And ,I haven’t found any at all.
three Wandas." ‘

ﬂYe“!! ‘ 2

"Well.~I have only one to report upon. , She is  .
ﬁve‘years old and is areal princess, all right. Same-

’thing“ tellspme ‘that she is not the one we want. Tell rue”
ab°"t,y°.urs~’f; ,   " ‘ .

"  is .tI;v’en’ty-four, another is twen.ty~six——-_f’ ,, ,.

- “Oh; tteverlrnind her!” ‘ _ i

I

  
      
    
       
   

That ﬁxes us’  .

   
   
 
   

a'

  
    
  

  

“Sbei‘Ipeultl: her summers there with her 
is the Graf'von,§3el$lrnach. In‘ the winter the live:
‘i’ . ,»_; 51.’.  ,, V

        
    
     
 
 
 
 

__ , in the  . 71"
p  If Ihnpeadg

‘S’!!-

 

      

 wk?‘

     
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
  

{I8 3

?'.‘’-Shall I give the German name for the castle, or——’’
“No. Give us the translation.” \
-~"“'l-‘lie place isxcalled Thunders Tower, if it were Eng-
lish. ~ It is near a small place called Heilbenn, and Heil-
benn is only about ten miles from the outskirts of
Heidelberg. I happen to know that, for I have been
there. I know the place well, in fact. Every by-path
and every lane, every nook and corner. I may as well
tell you at once that I went to Heidelberg when I was
twenty‘ years old and that "I had a sweetheart in Heil-
benaatthetime.’.9 V op. -
V “Splendid! And you say that that particular Wanda
his‘ only--nineteen‘yee‘rs old ?” '
I" “Yes.” A
.1‘ “And is‘a full-ﬂedged printess ?" .
"'»“She is what is called a princess by courtesy. Her
ther. was ‘a princess of royal blood; her father
W“ — n . 
_ ’*‘.‘?l‘h'at’s enough. ‘ She is the one we are after, Pen.
I Make your play on that proposition. Now, what is her
fViull' name?” " '
“Theresa Constantina Augusta Wanda von Combroch,
called Princess Theresa.”  .
 “Good! we will look rot the Princess Theresa-—-at
least until we are certain that she is not the one we
w‘ant——andi I think she is. Now, Pen, our next move is
to" put "aside these papers--and give our attention to ﬁnd-
ing out all there‘ is tolmopiv about the history and career
of Wanda von Combroch, otherwise known as Princess
~_:C ' t”

I

"fo,rmation?i I confess that I don’t know much about
 Rm part of it here in Germany."
‘fBut Ido.” ' -
,‘You are invaluable, Pen. Tell me how.”
I ‘-I have a _friend here in‘ Berlin-—he' was a classmate
“mine'at Heidelberg and is now .a colonel in the Ger-
":'::a'valry;-. he telongs to one of the best families of
as «Prussia--who is aperfect mine of information about
 Whattimehasitgottobe?"
~13“!-"en. o'clock.” . . , ' _
“Good! Get on your hat and go out with me. Iknow
y where to ﬁudrny friendat this hour. He is a
rated bachelor  he spends his evenings at a sort
 club, where theygkeep alive. all the old habits
‘_ "ttttdentz-days.. He is sure to. be there.”= ,,
The carriage was" ordered aroundyand soon there-
*  Angy."endiiis secretary-were oupthcir way
club in question’; but when  almost there
suddenly bethonght himself oi.-I fault in their
 ;i- ; ~22  tf ‘ . '6 ' ‘
' _ Trevelya‘n,.”jl|e«‘sdd._ '»-‘We have forgot-
;&§g_.I!55.*.' .s.’.}'r:‘.=e* ‘ . _:   ,. .

. i

‘the present as a secretary to a Scottish peer.

 t"The question is, whereshall we search for the in- '

-himself as he looked at him, “every in

w'vvz."«'.,;'~i,,_ ,_ I"

NEW NICK. CARTER WEEKLY.

\

\Vhat's his name ?"

“Why! If your Colonel

“Von Uhler.” '

“Well, if Colonel Von Uhler knows who you are he
will have to know who Iam, and that will mean that
somebody here will suspect that I am not Lord Angus
MacGra_w. Now, I don’t want that to happen‘. I wish
to carry out this disguise to the end-—<1bsolutely.”

“Nothing will be easier, Nick,” laughed Trevelyan.

“How do you make it P”

“In the ﬁrst place, Eitel von Uhler has no idea that
I am a detective. He believes that I am a king’s mes-
senger. I can easily explain to him why ‘I am posing for
He will
never suspect that you are other than you appear to be."

“If you are quite sure of that, go ahead.”

“I am positive of it. VVe will even discuss it in his
presence. He is a capitalofellow, and if it were neces-
sary I should not hesitate to take him entirely into our

conﬁdence.” --

“I wouldn’t care. to do that—quite.”
“He would be as safe as a church. He is the soul of

' honor and a rattling good fellow.”

 “All right. Go ahead. Only, remember that I don't
want anything to interfere with my identity as Lord
Angus MacGraw so long as I am on‘ German soil.”

“And nothing shall. You may trust me.”
“All righﬁ Let ’er go.”

___.t__
CHAPTER IX.

V THE STORY OF ’l‘HE PRINCESS WANDA.

When Trevelyan sent his card to Colonel Von L”-hler
he wrote upon the back of it this message:

“MY DEAR Emzn: When you come out to see me
you may call me by my ﬁrst name, all right, but for
reasons of state, which I will explain later on, my last
name is for the present McAllister. I am at present
temporarily in the service of Lord Angus MacG'raw,
another fact which I will explain when opportunity
oﬁers. I Pattern.”

In less than two minutes the colonel came into the
reception-room and grasped Trevelyan by the hand,
tearing the card into bits as he did so.

He was a tall, strapping fellow—a typical ofﬁcer of
the  cava1ry—and, as Nick Carter thought to
a man." I

“How‘ are you, Pen?” he exclaimed, in perfect Eng-A
lish. “You are about the last chap whom I expected to
see this night. And I’m thoroughly glad that you
looked me up, too. It is insufferably dull here this eve-
ning. There seems to be nobod-y around. Again, how
are you ?” ‘

“Never better, Eitel. Glad to see you, too. Let me’
present you to my friend Lord Angus MaeGraw.”

“Glad topmnke your acquaintance,» Lord Angus,” eddy 

   
   
  
    
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
      
  

,_ er cordially. “I knew that you were in the-city, but
'ha1l"'r1o idea that my old friend was with you. Pen
' .1 were at Heidelberg together once.”
’.‘~‘_Yes. He has told me as much.”
I‘ Come inside and taste some of the best beer in the
.. _ \, You will ﬁnd the rooms almost, deserted to~
though." 1 ‘

"They were presently seated comfortably and chatting
er‘ in the most cordial manner, for none knows
S than a rman oﬂicer how to play the host when

r§‘§ninded".to do so. /_ ‘
Nick thought it best to leave the purpose of their call
,. y to Trevelyan; since under the circumstances he
or know best how to 'go about it, and therefore he
tly left the table and began to examine’ the hun-
. of quaint drawings, cartoons, andgsketches with
 s the walls of the room werecovered.
 is a hobby‘ of mine,” he called back to them.
will leave you two to talk over old times for half an
n a while I amuse myself with these pictures. I could
 gaeater enjoyment than this.” _A A »
«ind he meant it, too, when the drawings were as ex-

tras these were. ‘ ‘  ~
— while, at the table, Trevelyan began presently
the topic that interested him; but he approached
rly, as we will see. '7' '

  

, Eite ,” he‘ said; and the reply surprised him,
Uhler said: »' K \; *

    

uieeieeor two, until  andthis one ;” and he
L ffashe made the statement.
 laughed. . . ‘ _
 I-Ieilbenn very well,” he said. “It is only
 miles from I-Ieidélberg. » You should remember
 me there?‘ Eh?" . . g
,5 11;; {sweet little Bertha. I remember how mad
 over-her.” 1
 w}m.ha; -become of her, Eitel?”
,5,‘ mg;-yigd somebody,'I don’t“know who it
away‘ after you left. Did you neve;-‘know
  “ ‘ ‘ ,1 dog’: suppose you took the trouble to
Pgohnbly thiris. the am time you have thought
113,3”: 311,5; ryeu-sgxcopnfess, now.” V
it ' ;._But what in the world tal<¢3 Y0“
x.umrner;'eh?” ‘ '

/

  
   
  
 

  

__  ¢:.M pl_ace,‘ln English." He

 
 

‘ nurse to destructioiz.

suppose you get‘ down around the old. place oc- A

i1'.i;a’vefbeen  to. Héilhenzi évervlswnmcr. for j

,know whether my love was hopeless or not. but! will:

be:o:c..bat‘'I?re,~;—“ , I \ W
-yvsnemetwahacenisiesaeei,

._~.‘ 4.4.-_.V.,-"._.,\ ~ ; . », -. _ - ll.

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY. :9

an indistinct recollection.
where I————’’ He stopped. _

“Where you what?” asked the colonel, with great in-
terest. “I was not aware that you ever knew the people
there.”

“I didn't. But—let me think. How long ago was it
that we were there, Eitel, at old Heidelberg?”

- “It is twelve years, Pen. I wish you would explain
what the devil you are talking about.”

“Why, it is this: I was fortunate enough once upon
a time, when I was out for a tramp, to stop a runaway
pony which was carrying a very beautiful child and its
I’don’t think that I ever saw such
a beautiful little creature as she was, either. I have
never forgotten her, although she couldn't have been
more than seven or eight years old at the time. Such
a little royalty she was, ,too. Stop! I remember her .v
name, just'as she told it to me when I asked her who
she was after she had thanked me for rescuing her.
She said the entire baptismal name that had been given
her, and she did it so demurely. and with such latent
dignity, that I have never forgotten it."_’

Colonel Von Uhler was sitting up straight in his chair
now, and he asked somewhat sharply:

“What was the name, Pen .7"

“Princess Theresa Constantina Augusta Wanda von
Cornbroch. ‘How is that for a name to fall in love with,
and to remember all these years, especially when it is
a mere child who bears it ?” _

“It is the sweetest name in all the world!” exclaimed
Trevel an’s companion, “And you are not the only one _
who lugs fallen in love with it —-and with its owner." I

. “Eh? Is that how the wind blows? So! That is the
magrkt that has drawnyou to Castle Thunder!”

“Yes.”

“Am I to congratulate you?" 

"I wish to Heaven you were to do so I” y 33

"What is the trouble, Eitel? You are in love with
the princess, of eoursei I_ caii understand tliatr from
your manner. But aren’t you high up enough in rank
to aspire to her hand? Isn't your love returned?” .,

I The_,oﬁicer did not reply at once, but after a little
pauselre   —

“It is rather a sad aaair. Pen: and all aroundg I don’:

“Why! That is the place

     
     
       
  
     
      
   

      
   
     
 
  

  

       
 
    
   
 
   

tell the truth‘ and admit that Irather ‘suspect that

was.  all the same, I would have sacriﬁced my life

for her atlanymoment. I would, indeed.”-. '— - 
“Is-is  asked 

V “No; ‘She is  ,

   
      

“Then.whatisthe”a:’a,tter,?_,"f  i , 
 She was’ ;

 .3. ‘, ' t

  
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
  
   
    
    
  
 
  
   
     
  
   
  
  
   
  
       
      
  

who: sustained an injury of some sort, to her head,

ajnce. Not a soul save her attendants and the members
her uncle's immediate family--she is an orphan, you
Vk’now—-.~is permitted to see her at all. Just now, I am

;tglcl~—-that is, I was told so about a week ago-eeshe is to
7 taken‘ to a celebrated surgeon in London, who has

VV her odd that English people bring their critical pa-
tients to Germany, and German people take them to
Egglandf. . - _
ht you say that the accident happened more than
and ‘a half ago, Eitell” V
V. es. I don't know any more of the particulars than
 y0zu,,but I suspect that it resultedin some
‘' fre on the brain which has destroyed hermemory.
 like that. At least. such is the impression
\ I V -—bVeVen.givcn me.” V ‘ I ‘
V_V' _English doctor expects to cure‘ her?”
“ﬁe has promised to do so. I am told.” ‘
 .;_t”hnt is why you haven’t been to visit the graf "for
t~u1_nm,ers.,i5 iﬂ'.’ . .. .  ‘ 
 it that he approved of your suit, inasmuch, as
‘a regular visitor there.” V . V
 He is a queerold chap. A, regular
_  proud as Lucifer. and almost
X '  but he had onejoft ‘spot
1'¢l.1!;!£8rt.V§81d that ~wa,I.n«V,Vanda._ .Wanda»'_i's
sh'e,,'preV£ers.‘:altbo.ugh the always  her-

a

 now?
.  eo;VVVii she has

  netalreadv  take! to
 I it/c.cidentihappeneV l,'d??;[ ‘V’ V

” _ V   Butl am no

irpl to: si_'g'h~ﬁli°$1£"her.  She never would



        s»
‘I , . g. ,   V "

Jli V‘  is  Is.
 seams that sews: um

  
   
  
 

A.

 

hich has kept her in a semicomatose condition ever’

promised to perform miracles in her case. I think it is.

 I an ipqt? old Vforkher, yap‘

évegy my}? "replied, ‘

 2:; ‘V hot’: ibttt‘ even‘ if._hé never ‘galve l.\er.ano/ch" er thought‘

 

new NICK ,cAivrER WEEKLY. ' I

«I

“Eh? Until you appeared on the scene?” ,1

V“No. I was referring to a queer incident that .hap—.‘
pened to her once. Two years ago this summer it was,
too.”

“What was it, if I may ask?”

“There was a party of -us riding together, and some-
how she was distanced. Anyhow,.we missed her all at
once,‘ and, supposing that she had merely dropped be-
hind for a moment, we stopped and waited.”

"Another accident?” asked Trevelyan. .

“Wait. I’ll tell you what'it was. She had stopped to
speak to some poor creature along the road--she was
always doing that mrt of thing, you know———and when-
she started on to overtake us, her horse stumbled and
fell. She leaped to the ground unhurt, but the horse
was lamed so that he could scarcely take a step.

' “Now, it seems that while she was wondering what to
do, a young chap———an American-—-who was attending at
Heidelberg, happened along. He rubbed the horse's

° ankle and bandaged it with his handkerchief, which he__.:._*:

tore into stripsso the animal could walk; and the upshot »
of it was that when we did start back along the road
to ‘ﬁnd her, we discovered her walking toward us in
company with the stranger, who was leading the horse." . ii
{“I don't see anything especially uncanny about that,” . V
grumbled Trevelyan, as if heihad expected a diﬁerentrl V»
outcome. “  
“I'm not through yet. ‘You asked me a little while  -
ago if the princess returned my‘ love. I reply now that 
she might have done so if that accident had not 
.Dened;” .    f 
" “Eh? What do you‘ mean by “that?”
“I'll ﬁnish the story.”, _
‘ “D0-V 1 thwsht you wercthroush-" - I .  
“When the stranger saw us approaching, he stopped. ~’ . 5
placed the bridle inzher hand, lifted his hat.‘ and tumedﬁ 
backsthe other way. I discovered his name later on‘, s
it was Maxwell Maxim, a son of thegreat haakerot‘. ’

  

z

 
  
   
   

 113399.”: " v - _ V
“Yes?” , , .. -  V ._ — V. . ‘ ‘ . j _ 
“From that day ‘on. Pen, Wanda was a“ changed young

.»woman. I have always‘ thought it was a case of lo’v"e_ «:3
,.at sight. with lV:er.= I think she fell in love with,th7o.t5’”‘?
"American." _ , . ‘ - ., V, "
"But what about him!” .V _,  A 1  
. "OhV,‘nothing, I‘-' I don’t know. that7theyVev;er is
“saw each‘ other again.—..It is -Tveryl likelyiathat they  ‘

  

         

7.‘7,'- “°i?Fl.«“.‘°.tl¢“ *,’“9‘th9*.‘{"5 I-‘P°l"~"’ "D? °l!3*5F¢‘4”‘ 5 '

   
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
     
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
     
  
    
     
       
   
   
      

'After they arrived home, they sat up talking together
ntil after daylight had appeared, and then, leaving word
the servant, to be delivered to any chance callers,
-,_ ‘that they would be absent from. the city for several days,
” they took ancarly train, for Heidelberg. '

There was no doubt at all now about the identity of
L e princess they sought; nor was there any doubt in
ﬁle minds of either of the detectivesthat Maxim and
the princess had managed to meet many times after that
"ﬁitst encounter. I -

~ Trevelyan had asked other questions of less impor-
‘ , that were not recorded in the preceding chapter,
V d so had gathered the information that, while Colonel
on Uhler had guessed the love~_secret of the princess,
he was the only one who had done so.

f But his own perceptions, rendered sharper by the
love-he had for the gitl, saw at once the truth about
‘file result of that casual encounterj and, although he
hid no idea that the princess and the young American
Ed’ met again, Nick and Trevelyan thought differently.
‘' all events, they were now both assured that their
theories about the matter were correct. I

: a . ‘inhabitants, and our two friends "settled themselves
I one of the hotels for a few days, permitting it to be
erstood that they! were merely idling away the time,
‘ﬁnd incidentally exploring about the country in a hap-
' .-  way_ .
They took several servants with them to Heidelberg,

 to ride and with equipages in which to drive
~---= the country, and so it was that every day saw
... in the saddle part of. the time, and in one or the
,. _ of the carriages at other times.
7Sometimes they went out together; sometimes they
~ ‘singly; but always with the one object in view of
hly scouring the country about where they in-
» . tgcany mithe campaign; and also with the idea
 in some one of the men they ‘encountered they
. yd young Maxwell Maxim,‘ living in disguise,
hot upon the trail of his ambition .to avenge the
 of his wife and bring her murderers to justice.
my kngw now, of course, that,the princess was not
 it positively. They were convinced,’ also,
 met with no such accidentwas has been
 = " 1 ‘ .
of  thestorythathadbeen
‘ by her relatives ht the time of her disappear-
 her absencetfrom her usual haunts.
 still conﬁned in the castle
"  ‘ ‘her uncle, and it was quite as clear that

I  along day-Lbeiore she would be‘set

the power of’ old

     
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY:

‘Dag city of "Heidelberg has about forty or ﬁfty thou-A

« they had no trouble in supplying themselves with ~

if

dread that he would exert that power, if once the whole
truth should be made known to him, as it would be the,
instant that Maxwell Maxim should discover that his
wife was still among the living.

Nick had no doubt, either, that the princess had been
led to believe that her young and handsome husband
was dead.

She would have been told that some accident had hap-
pened to him; or that he had fought and been killed;
and, no doubt, she was living in despair. It was even
possible that the terrible trials that she had passed
through would eventually. actually deprive her of her
reason.

And" Nick Carter had determined, as soon as the op-
portune moment came, to penetrate to the interior of
that old castle and to search it from end to end.

He sat upon his horse, gazing upon it, the afternoon
of the ﬁfth day after their arrival in the neighborhood,
and he smiled grimly to himself at the thought of what

. he had undertaken to do.

Here was an old building that had been erected to
withstand sieges. Centuries lfad come and gone since .
stone had been lifted upon stone in the work of its con-
struction. The half-barbarian ancestors of the old graf
had-built it, and the sight of it offered very little en- I
couragemienteto a man who ‘meant to conquersit almost
single-handed. . ’

It has been said before that Trevelyan was familiar
with every by-path of that locality. He made the state-
ment himself; but he had been forced to confess to Nick
that his knowledge did not include any part of the old
castle or the grounds surrounding it.

“"ITrevel_van,” said Nick, when they were seated to-’
gether in their sitting-room late that same afternoon,

“it seems to me to be high time that we were ‘doing
something._ We have accomplished all that can be done
by scouting around here.” I

“Right you are, Nick.”

“I propose that we move on the enemy’s works to-
night.” ’ _ _

“I second the motion; but have you any idea how T
you are going to make the move?” ‘

“Very little, I will confess. The old castle looks as if
it would be a hard nut to crack." 

ltlt  that.” ' . V

“Have"you any idea how we are to get inside of it,
Pen?” ,

“Well, yes.‘ I have. I have been doing a little mis- j
sionary work myself. I haven't said a thing about it, for 
the reason that I hoped you would have something better .

to propose.”
“I not only have nothing better; I haven't a thing 

“‘Tellmeyrhatyouhadinmlndtpdowhenyousug-

.;y ;,z_

/

 

   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
 
  
   

dtjuntlnow that we make some sort of an attempt
 the castle tonight?”
hadn't a thing that is deﬁnite in mind. It was my
purpose to creep up to the castle under cover of the
st, and then to— make our way all around it in’ the
iditrlniess. It is going to be a dark ‘night, and I had
erely in mind a voyage of discovery, so to speak.”
“Well; I have got‘ a better plan than that.”
; . ' W ~

have? been spending much of my spare time in the
 at the college.” ‘
i that purpose?’ . ' -. _ —
- ' N7 ebeen studying up the subject of cold castles.”
Ah? That was a capital idea.” ’
§_‘M,‘f,°31!Id very graphic accounts of some of the old
i l i tles ; a particularly ﬁne one/of old Thunder."
Good." . J ' '
It has been partly destroyed by ﬁre, Heaven
was many times,.and changes and alterations have

do in its plangb there is one mystery about it
has never ‘solve ; one way into it and out of
, described by history, which has been. forgotten
I i  new be discovered.” M M
9ii,..\1rilaMMt7of that;?’'’l , p. ,
” rred to,rr‘ie,t‘hat possibly we might ﬁnd it.”

" : . 5.

 

about thecastle all agree that nobody
, to  just why the’ old pile of

is named. Thunder, unless it might be because
i  r‘o£ rocks kwhichlsome peoplelivould call a
aigopntain, Mhali/él‘rui'l’e away_fr‘om  is. called

  

 is iightuingf’ , . r e M .

t reminds‘ ,me,'.'  Nick, a filing, “of my as»-
l He says tl'ih't’Presiden \V Roosevelt always}
*"thiek,—of  Will,iami they’re so dif%

  ‘the ideal"M ‘ M F ‘A/M M M MM
 €B1itz°?*'  i can totem;
" ‘: - Q . r ,  ‘ ‘I
    eenf the '

tighzxiing. Is that"
' And there is ‘

   
  
  
  
  
 

 

  

‘NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY. V '_ I ' 9“

A haesbectzi built up and hacked to pieces several‘

. deep, for a violent stream of water tumbled through it;,

M M M 1 itself as it enterediand rushing in either direction around *
i The 9Tbunder’,anq.  l V
V . lnhrlthcrn tower, and unless that bridge was downand the

: , , “own: the snzoat. ~AsM*‘£orM~,awirruMning‘iit, that ‘was mm
d lastly imP°98ibie.‘for thelwatei: rushedﬁhtough it 

   

I
to my mind, there is some sort of connection between

that old hill and the castle which is almost as old."

“Possibly; but we would require about seven years to
ﬁnd it, old chap.” '

“Well, if we don't find a way into the castle to-night,
we will take a ride together out to the mountain to-
morrow. What do you say to that?” \,

“All right. To~riight, however, we will go straight
to the building itself. I am determined to explore it at
from top to bottom, Pen.” 

“And I am with you, Nick.”

As soon as it was dark that night they slipped away ~
from their hotel, secured hired horses, and rode within M
half a mile of the old building, where they found a place
to conceal the anima1s;l:‘after which they proceeded the
rest of the way on foot.’ .

It is no part of our story to describe in detail the
long search they made to discover what they sought-—
an entrance to the castle. But another word must be
said regarding the old pile itself. ‘

In extent, it covered nearly three acres of ground,'
and it was located in the, very center of a valley that l
Mgwas at least a hundred acres in extent.

its shape was precisely thatcf a Greek cross, with 4
one arm directed toward each initial pointof the com- a 
pass, and with each arm of the cross connected with its it
wo nearest , neighbors by quadrant—shaped masonry, ,
which wasperforated -by unnumbered loop—l1oles; or, still "
another manner of description would be to imagine an ‘
immense circular building-~like old Castle Garden ix1,44:
Nexv yYorl<—--but with other piles of masonry extending . 
outward from it to the north, south, east, and west, re- 
srmctively, and each of these arms‘ surmounted by a high M
tower. . - 

Entirely surrounding the castle was ,a deep moat, or ‘
ditch. ﬁfty fget in width and nobody could guess how 

 
  
 

 

 
 
       
     
   

  
  
 

and here was another mystery about the placeﬁfor 
water rushed into the moat midway between the southern
and the western towers from a subterranean ‘channel,
and disappeared quiteas mysteriously undergroundfmid
way between the horthern and eastern towers, dividing"

   
 
    

 
 
  
    
   
  
  

the castle with equal violence. ll
The ancient portcullis and bridge’ were located atathe 3;

portcullis raisedtliere was appareatlyMn,o,waylat all

   
 
   
 

 rapidity   strongest magma: would have

* ,i%,iml!eieib¥e'to‘idow- , : s 

 ’ ’c£ watergcazigeyrfroni audwhere
   ¥_“°’.~‘*‘-“"“‘l°“‘Y*".‘i?"‘°“

  
  
   

  

   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
    
 
  
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

1?. "

 ‘pile to pieces in no time at all; but in ancient days
_ e place had been absolutely impregnable to assault.
0 u- of the old barons, with half a dozen men, could
ve held the castle against the Roman legions of Caesar,
r the Carthagenian hordes of Hannibal; and there
an ' - to be no doubt, judging from the antiquity of the
'lace, that this very thing had ‘been done. a
, And somewhere inside that ‘old building Princess
anda was a prisoner. ' -
. When Nick Carter and his companion had made the
circuit of the place, viewing it closely from every possi-
le standpoint, they came to a halt upon the bank of the
moat at the point where the water rushed into it—that
directly opposite the entrance to the castle———and the
-— 've smiled grimly as he remarked in an undertone
~ Trevelyan: '
‘If we had a_ﬂying machine, Pen, we might hope to
across this moat; but, as it is:-” ,
Suddenly he leaned forward and peered through the
~‘£ll1‘kness toward the ‘tower, and for a long time he stood
hire ga. statue, studying the tower and thinking. Then
turned to his friend again. \ a
“I know how to do it,” he said. “But we will have
defer it until to-moi-row night; and you will have
‘ii Whit outside for me, while I go in.”
"But how ?” asked Trevelyan impatiently.
«Tll explain when we get hack to our room. Come
Let’s go. To-rnorrow, night we will make the as-

p = tsin earnest.”
' ’ I

 

‘i7 V . -
CHAPTER x1, .

mcx curl-:2’s coxomzsr or A CASTLE.

-I was 8 few minutes after ten o'clock the following

"when Nick ’Carter and Penryn Trevelyan paused

 sarneispot on the bank of the moat where they

‘stood the preceding night‘, after having made the

't of the place; but now they had come prepared

 the detective’s hastily conceived plan.

‘ tower was built square until it reached what

7 lielcalled the ‘bottom of the third story from the
,__after  it. was round; and upon eaéh of the

 so formed stood-a carved ﬁgure oi

 wereiwhat hadgattracted the. attention of

 evening. . J

 men  brought with them, in sacks, the

p , "_  nquired; and _now Nick procured

 < °-to 6*   r°P°» "W .‘''= ‘M

  

  before I succeed. iii
 i" " ' earvedj;images,3’,;.he» said, as he

   

.7.“ _  .  ....____

NEW NICK CAREIV‘-ER WEEKLY.

s

23".

We know that Nick Carter has no superior in the-._
matter of casting a rope, and with the ﬁrst throw the
loop settled securely around the base of the image at
which he had ai_med.

The ‘detective pulled it taut, and they made the near
end of it secure around a rock which was exactly suited
to the purpose.

“Now,” he said, "I am ready ;” and he drew on an old
pair of gloves to save his hands from friction with the
rope. ‘

“There is only one danger ‘that I see," said Trevelyan,
“and that is, if the stone image on the tower should not
be strong enough to bear the strain.”

“It has stood there for centuries,” replied Nick. “and
it will hold my weight. Anyhow, it is a risk that I must
take.”

He seized hold upon the rope and swung himself out
over the foaming, tumbling water of the moat; and
then, with a hand-past-hand motion. he made his way
rapidly toward the tower; and all the while Trevelyan
held his breath in suspense. expecting each instant to
see his friend fall into ‘the seething water and disap-
pear. T ‘
T But he did not.
and pulled himself upon it; and here he found that the
square of the tower formed a ledge all the way around it,

He gained the corner of the tower

which, although very narrow, was still wide enough to
permit him to reach one of the windows.

.He was not, however, prepared to do that just yet.
Instead, he signaled to Trevelyan, and, after a short
wait, received a signal in return.

Then he pulled the rope rapidly toward him, and soon
he held in his grasp one end of a stout ladder of rope.

He used the lariat for making the ladder fast to the
pedestal of the statue, and when it was securely in place, _
he signaled again; and then, without waiting longer, ‘
he rose and began to edge his way toward one of the
windows oftlre tower. His instructions to Trevelyan 
had been to make the other end of the ladder fast to the I 
rock,  it would stand the strain of the weight of _ 7‘
two persons, and then to wait wherehe was for developo .‘i,:f".
ments and for an agreed-iipon signal from him, aid he 
knew that Trevelyan would carry out. to the letter,’ex- * ‘
actly what he had “told to do. i '

He had provided himself with ‘every tool  
anticipated needing‘ inhis work, and so, when he did;

2

 

 
         
      
      

    
   
   
    
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  

  massive ironlbars, he only smiled. Then he
 one arm around a bar and withdrew from his
M lceto a metal-cutting saw and a tiny can of oil.
‘With theisaw assisted in its work by a plentiful ap-
V tion of the oil, he was scarcely ﬁfteen minutes in
isplachlg the: bars so that he could pass his body
dily between them; and, as he had suspected, the
A i’ that: being quite ‘warm, the window itself was open
aeirculation of air;.and so he raised himself and
H ’ through the opening into the west tower of the
 r - r .

 castle had no reason whatever to anticipate any such
“ pt it as the detective had made.‘

‘ith the drawhridge raised and the portcullls down

  needed no other guardians; and cen-

V l  since any assaultihad been made upon’

ejpagsayiz was cut of? from the whole world by a

themselves entirely secure, and would not dream
 upon their privacy; ;,A better place to have

shaderarrayed himself entirely in ‘black; he
_  ‘lI.i:nself;-,.~with a mask and gloves. of
 -V?  ‘shatieswhenhe was ready toproeeetl
 a spot?  him that
drew , tliﬁiiiarknesstlandihe hadfonlyltostep

‘ A

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘let us rernember that the people who occupied‘
' as if a garden had been brought bodily into the castle.

 the home and the habitat of a gentleman to

ifjimpassable. barrier; ’therefore,. as occupants

  Wiandaytéould not have been de-‘

~~  ijtteorderitoi become invisible. .nas« '
  (elf, Iothathe  .with?fnq sound

: when he looked through the doorway; angltiae detective
   a start of surprise. when hexsaw them.‘for.he_ 
 realized that A’ in the form. of  

   

1,

   

Descending, he made his way to the center of the huge
building; the middle of that huge circle already de-
scribed, and here he founda broad, winding stairway,
which descendedfor one ﬂight and ascended two ﬂights
from where he stood; plainly, he thought, the floor be-
neath him should be the parlor, or reception-ﬂoor.

He descended the stairs silently; and now he found
himself in the midst of modern decorative splendor. The
floors were thickly and heavily carpeted; the walls were
hung with tapestries and paintings, and were lined
around the sides with massive and magniﬁcent furniture.
Flowering plants were everywhere, until the place looked

Over it all a dim light, red in hue, "was shed from
a dozen antique lanterns that were suspended fromthe
high ceilings; and from this spacious hall there opened
numerous doors into unnumbered apartments-—parlors,p
banquet-halls, library, dining-room, art gallery, etc.

From severalmf these rooms lights gleamed out; from
one of them came the sound of voices  conversation,
and from another the soft strains of music that was ,

strtrftnmed from the strings ‘of a. harp, by delicate ﬁngers,

and; with dreamy cadence. _ %
Tlhe detective glided forward  he could peer in-ii
side the room from whence the conversation reached his 
ears; and he saw, as he gazed, at powerfully built and 3
forbidding-looking old gentleman, whom he had.) no)‘ 
doubt was the Cjraf Von Buhlmach himself. [5 3
He had been reading a paper,‘w_hich now rested across L"
his knees. At the opposite side of the table from'him‘_:,
were two other men, younger than himself, and 
them was a. woman-—his wife,‘ evidently. l ' 
Nick. listened to them‘ for as few ’: oments, but the sul5- e
ject of their conversation diclnot in crest him. and, after
satisfying himself t?t they hadno idea of moving from
 ‘positions for time, at least, he passed onto the
door? through which he still, could hear; the strains at.
music. a = u V », ‘  
7 i;l‘he,re were ,tl,1ree.people in sight, ‘inside the 

  

    

      

      
     
 
    
 
 
  

  
 
  

ho was,%ﬁn.gi¢ifing.v.the strings of the hate he

  

  

    

V , no doubt, of the suﬁerings through which she
:“p§ssed—convinced him that he had made no mis-
 his surmise. . ,
The ‘others were a man and a woman;'an,d the atti-
. of each of these spoke emphatically of their iden-
i ‘. ‘They were the jailers who had the princess in
,  woman, tall, ‘grim, angular, ‘with a hard,“ relent-
l Vface, wasseated primly in a straight-backed chair,
motionless as a statue; and the man--a big,- burly,
-browed German of thelmountaineer type--dressed
ﬂelivery of the graf, stood like a graven iniage at
it distance" from them, his hands caught together
- him and his. face -betokening nothing but stolid
Cy’. . .’ t ’ .
’ as ‘the detective had decided all these things in
ll.'he heard voices approaching him, and, realizing
‘there w‘as:onIy..one way of escaping observation, he!
. quickly through the doorway into the room and

A  hnnganear the door.‘ I

was not at; ‘instant too soon, for he had barely
‘ -- himself when the old baron passed him so
me  they might have touchedgeachkother.

'1' gr  ed by the baroness: the two ’men*who
 th‘i:i_n.:'had’. evidently departed in another‘

  

   

o

  

 andhis consort paosod just inside the door...
 himself to the graven image
saidonldlyitq. w ’ Q - ~ 
  charge retired.-”d,. ‘Then to
:  I  night."  A,‘
  was turning pompouslyxaway

  
 
 

   

  lithetically, “won't  speak
V    '3  1 am dyingby inches;
' ‘ sake, tell me’ of my, child!”

 and he muttered under 

Nh3W NICK CARTER 

- in himself behind the, heavy folds of some tap-

turned his face toward the door and discovered the pres?’

. he heard—-as did the fraulein—-these cool, determined

the  threw aside her harp and started to ,"““‘» *‘°' Wh°l°l Vormﬁembling with terror and amaze» x

 a.,_stranger‘to'y,o)i, but I‘ come as .a friend. If you

   
  
     
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
 

 25

well cared for; tell her that it will not be injured; but 
tell her that she shall never see it again with my per:
mission, and that, unless she consents ﬁnally to give it
up, never to refer to it in speech or in writing, and
agrees to the other stipulations I have made, she shall
remain a prisoner as she is now, doomed to speak to
nobody save you and Emile.”

“But, uncle!” the princess called after him, as he
turned away again; and he made no reply whatever; he
merely stalked from the room,_followed by the baroness.
And the poor princess sank back upon a couch in a.
convulsion of weeping. '

And _now was Nick Carter's chance.

He saw instantly that the two attendants would not
disturb the princess until her paroxysm of weeping had
"passed, and he glided quickly to the door again and
watched the retreating forms of the -baron and baroness‘
until they had disappeared up the wide stairway and e x l
knewthem to be beyond the reach of ordinary sounds. ’ = d

Then, convinced of that much, he stepped swiftly into
the room again, and, seizing upon the heavy door, he
closed it and‘ locked it silently, just as the fraulein rose"
to approach the princess, and just as the man, Emile,

 
 
     

   
 
   

r

ence of a strarigerin the, room. "-
Buthe was gazing into the muzzle of a revolver, and

words of command: _ «
“Emile, if you utter a sound-—and you, too, f_raulein-v-°
thathcant be heard beyond this door, I will kill you where
you stand, no matter what happens afterward!” '
The princess had started to her feet and was standing»;
with her hands clasped together in front of her, facing’

    
    
      
 

ment, for it ‘was at. once plain that she considered this
intrusion as’ only another form of her persecution. ‘But j

Nick Carter instantly reassured her.. , .p 2. e
a “Princess,” he said calmly, and smiling upon her, "I

   

 
 
     
    
 

   

will  blindly, I will save you and your child;
I will restore  to Maxwell-—y-our husband.’!.

‘ft

 
     

   xn.  
t-rag:  szronu‘-rat nojoavgw.

       

    

   
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
    
   
  

I tellrne who you are!"

 “My name would mean nothing to you, Princess
 I am an American, like your husband. I am
_ his -friend, although I have never seen him; but I am
also his father’s friend, whom I know quite well. I
have been sent here to skzrve him, and to save you, and
take “you to" America, if you will go there. Your child,
too; although I did not know till now that there was a
’ehild. ’Will you trust me, princess?”

"Trust you, sir? Oh! what else is there to do? Yes,
.1‘ will trust you. Anything is better than this torture—
even death; and but for my child it should have been
 death long ago. But”-—alarm again getting the better

 another plotagainst me? How "

5-,; ‘Princess, I entered the castle by ma.king my way,
{along a rope which I succeeded in stretching across the
*;moat'.,* Iwill take you out that same way, if there should
-jiie no other. Later, we will ﬁnd Maxwell, ahd————"

‘ - Until then all her thought had been for her child, but
 the mention of the name of her husband brought
‘ hint to mind again, and she interrupted with a despairing
ugh * -

 

ii"
:f" J

 '5'\“0h, ‘sir, ‘can you assure me ofthat ?” A ,
;'_”"‘Yes, princess, I think I may assure you of that. But
{we ‘Iirust not stop now. Will you assist me with these
tw. ’":iniheei1e.s, here?" ‘ I 
i”“Yes‘,“yes’! "Anythirig'.‘ .Quick! —-What is it?”
 tbssed two pairs‘ of handcuffs toward her with his
‘tdiseiiggged hand. Then he commanded Emile .andiafter-
 the fr5.u1ein“to place theirihands behind their backs,
“K ‘ ‘which -he’ dir§_cted‘ the princess how, to snap the
  heigatvexherl the revolver and told her to
  ‘guard-over and then hetore several of the
4'-I ’ walls and with the wire ‘cords with
 I theyxhad been hung he bound the two attendants,
, !ot":‘tsu’e‘    Next he gagged
, ’  ‘f'>o£h‘to gsieep with the E.
‘ ’ ‘  “  1  annual. wiweom-
1 i I in u ‘v I ,  

« of her judgment—“how am I to know that this is not

   later 'Wired‘then1 respectively in the -

.  with ‘glad conﬁdence, e-Nlek added:

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 are you, sir? Who are you? For God’s sake, where are they, and is there a way out, other than b_v

the rope that I have described to you .7”

“But my baby!" she cried. “My baby, sir l”

“Ah, yes. The child. Is it in the castle?”

“Yes, yes, yes l” ,

“Then we will ﬁnd it. Come. You must act as guide
now. Come!” .

He unlocked the door and threw it open. Then he
started back with an exclamation of alarm. _

Before him, in the doorway, stood the stalwart form
of a man, barring their wayﬁto escape.

For just one instantthe detective hesitated, and he
was just about to throw himself upon the stranger when
an amazing thing happened.

The princess, who stood directly behind him, uttered
a cry of joy, and at the same instant leaped past him
and straight into the arms of the man in the doorway.

“Max! Max! My Max!” she cried; and the un-
couth-looking stranger folded her tightly in his arms,

while he raised his head and stood glaring at Nick‘
‘Carter, as if he were prepared now to ﬁght the whole

wo/i'ld; and, indeed, he looked capable of doing so. _
(‘Are you Maxwell Maxim i” asked Nick instantly.

?j‘Yes,” was the uncompromising reply. “Who are
you, sir?” .

“Step into this room, so that we will not be over- l

heard,” replied Nick. “I will soon prove to you who I
am.” ‘ . '
The princess slowly released herself from her hus-
b'and’s arms and looked upon the two menwith amaze-
ment. It had been her first thoughtthat Nick had
brought her husband there with him, and now she saw
that they were strangers. But Maxim held an iron bar
in,his hand, and with one arm still around his wife, he
followed Nick into the room, closed the door behind
him, and stood with his back determinedly against it.

But at once he discovered '.~.the’ predicament which
Emile and the fraulein were in, and he smiled grimly.

“I begin to trust you, sir,” he said. “But proye to me

who and what you are, and why you are here, as you  *

said you would do; then tell me how you got here.”
“Read that,” said the-detective. “It is from your
father, in case I should find you. It will tell, you to

trust me implicitly, and it is signed with his signature-—— , M
which nobody can read, much less copy."  : I '  
H; waited a moment while the young man read 

short um, and when Maxim raised his eyes  

'    

 

 

    

threw a rope over one of the images on the square
mic west tower. I climbed ov r the moat on that,
end‘ the’ bars ‘of one of the windows-—and so got
 extended his hand and grasped the detective’s
mwlly; but he spoke to his wife. ‘ ,

‘Wanda, dear one,” he said. “It is less than an hour
I knew you lived. Until then I believed that you
‘been murdered. More than a year I have been
a; on the estate and among the gardens that sur-
-- this castle, but it ,‘was not until yesterday that I
V ered a way to enter it-—through the old mountain
is called Blitzen. We will go out that way. Dear
I wonder how‘ you knew me in tl’llSnl1I'lC0l.!l’.l'l dis-
Is it so poor 2. one?” ‘

 _Hov'v big you look infthat peasant’s garb."

_'»_es.'"' Lknow. But, come. We must not waste time.
none too much of it. _ ‘I came hei'e to _-kill the
hp: Itwill let him’ live now. Come, I will take you

  

 and I found it by accident.”

. q There is s9‘;nething—something"that
 know.” ‘She;  -vivi'_dl_y,. anidithen she
‘his  down  her and ){hispered something
 »..al‘..,..: stared

l

at her for ’a mo-

1

x

   
 

    St W» #W'=¢*°='*? Mr-’
 'i‘l3;gV::"e;is-.-is a-——there is a‘-—-’

  

Wan

ia,g.iAt~.t‘:r.’ti:‘r‘?”"..    , I ,
A l’ Asl1§ej',wl1,i$pericd  l>l1t’tlIis time‘ so
3 it '; tllfllﬁd his upon them

   

 inéiitter, silence for several

 V the vi details    [search
“child; for  ‘brincess, with

 

N-EIW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  you? ‘ I knew you instantly. My heart told ‘

. y the “Q! I entered-Ta secret way, which no living’

 gay;  f£‘uI_1lA yvanda, my .

.. dead. ’ ‘
foldedhis new-found ‘wife tightly‘ 

 the road. It is a“l!undred miles to the

.n:oth;u.see_tnedt°9e1=.<Tdi-, , _. ., ,
_,_i.,_ 5 v;-.'.  , _,   joined  then,

 gang: faniihouses.  roads, and meat 
 throng}?   here.  ,w ._
’:...,rrmu¢igfvaa*g ‘ gledgeiot  intquae.

   
    
   
    
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
  

which Nick had made his entrance to the building; only
he led them straight to the top of it and raised a ﬂag-
stone from the floor of the turret, which disclosed a
narrow stairway of stone which descended windingly be-
tween the inner and the outer wall of the tower, twisting
around it in spiral form, and going down and down until
they were far beneath the bottom of the moat: and
thence, a gallery which ages ago had been excavated
out of the rock and earth, and through which half a
dozen_men could have walked side by side, led them
along a gentle incline upward for more than half a
mile, after which they ascended other stairs half-way
to the summit of old Blitzen, where. by displacing an~
other stone, they came outupon the side of the rocky
hill opposite the castle.

Butibefore the start for this journey from the tower
was made, Nick took time to crawl out through the
window where he had sawed the bars away. to the place
where he hhd fastened the rope ladder, and he almost
ran” across the perilous piece to the bank of the moat
where Trevelyan was awaiting him. . E.

_ In as few words as possible, he explained everything 
that had happened; and he instructed him as follows :i I

 
   

,_ “I shall return and remain with them to see them - 
safely out of danger. _ When I have recrossed the moat,‘ E
Izwilli cast loose the. ropes on the tower, and do you
draw them back here to you. Then carry them awiiy
with you until "you ﬁnd aiconvenient place to throw
them‘\away.

    
    
   

"Then, Trevelyan, run to the horses. Take one of ii
them and haste?! t0  You can get the other ' 

horses and the carriage out, pfthe stable there alone and i
without being heard, forwthoseéﬁermaris sleep like, the

‘ “Drive yourself, and meet us at thlgyplam whereiwe
lettour horses, and bring your own animal back with
you. That will give us two extra ‘horses fora change‘,
frontier 

        
  

     

     
  

  
     
  

   

isdgiugp, E-think _we can make it.”

 ‘Then.   again across  moat

  

      
     
    
 

. ‘And. rah: um! ﬂight through 1 the night,  vi_

 
 

      

      
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
    
  
 
    
      
   
   
       

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

fieeaaelessly and restlessly, hour after hour, at last chan- -—even as they were taking him from Castle Craig to
ging, horses and turning the tired ones loose; and once prison.

_ V again, later on, helping themselves to two fresh ones After that, believing that his wife was indeed dead,
it that they discovered in a pasture, and leaving their own crazed by grief and rage, and well provided with money,
j in’ exchange. ' . he had consecrated his life to vengeance. He had rigged
A 1' The ﬂight was successful_ They were not stepped himself out as a peasant; he had succeeded in securing
you {be mad; and they never knew why_ But twelve employment on the estates of Graf Von Buh1mach——and
 after the start they crossed the frontier into the l'°5l1”- after m°Y¢ that‘ 3 Year Of P3551“ Waiting and
-Belgium and w e comparatively safe. . mil’ WC k“°W- ' ’

After that, 3 change of costumes throughout; and, The welcome of the pair by stern‘ old Porter Maxim
«itch passports which Nick had had the forethought to can be better imagined than described.

provide before he entered upon German soil at all, they V But of matters which happened after that, when the

ggaveledﬁ Paris, and thence to London; and then____New princess was missed from the old castle where‘ she had
 end hem; — been held a prisoner, we must tell in another story-—the

In talking with young Maxim, Nick found that the .9.“,,°..t° follow this‘ ~
iv’ ~,+r ,3 C1} _ THE END.
circumstances of the tragedy had been exactly as he had
 them to Maxwell's father, with the exception The next number, 524, of this weekly will be “The
 thelyoungcmanihad made his escape alr’nost at once Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling Strategy.”

 up TOP WEEKLY

- , mean hundreds of Bolton ovary suck tron: readers asking ‘ we can supply the early numbers of Tip Top containing

Brook’: adventure}. In «very out we are obliged to reply that umbers 1 to 300 are entirely out of that. We would like

, . to call the attentional our uodorsvto the too: that the Frank Dlerriwell Stories now being ubllshe in book form in the

, $043! Minty (in inclusive oftlnou curly munbcrs. The Iron book to uppoar was No. liountioled rank uemwollw Schooldafs."

. A " e [in herewith a com lore hot or all stories that have been published in book form up to the time of writing. We wil be _

'5' (latte and Iﬂﬁae can clulotne oltlu Medal Library which is ) st filled with good things for boys, upon receipt of 3 one, ,«
cent sump weaver postage. ' , *‘ -e

vino

Mmai. uaaanv MEDAL usmuav

  

    

. * Air in cans  y ‘ . A1‘ to GENTS
15o-»-Frank M¢(riwel!'s Schooldays. ‘ 296-Frank Merriwell's Hard Luck.
~—Frank Merriwellk Chums. .. 296—Frank Merriwell's Protégé.
, I Frank 3!t‘|"l'iW_G“'9,.FOE$. ' ' . 3oo—Frank Merriwell on the Road.
— 1; h-1_8e—Fra‘nk Merriwelfs Trip West. . . -—Frank MerI_'iwell's Own Company.
- l 189-Frank Meniwell Down South. . « A [ §§'—Frank Merriwell's Fame. .
:93-V-_-hank MEft%l'Wjdl'3 Bravery. ’ »— 312-Frank Mei-riweIl's College Chums.

 
 
     
   
 
      
  
    

  

 ell in Europe. » l _ _ 320»,-Frank Merriwt-ll’s Fortune.

Motilgell at Yale.’ _ ‘324—Frank Merriwell’s New Comedian. 3

Morriwe_ll'sSports Aﬁeld. 328--Frgnlr ‘Merri_we|l's Prosperity. '

‘ " re‘ , -_ 332-Frank Memwelrs Stage Hit. ~
~ ' ’ _ 336-—Franlc Merriwelfs Great Scheme. ~

\, 340-Frank; Merriwell in England.

_ “ 344.—-Franlc‘ Memwell on the Boulevards.

, ’ Merrivrlhathlet , ‘ V . 348-—Fr-ank Merl-iwell's Duel.

V e k _Merrivlrell.'§ Siillg. - v ' ,  ' 352-Frank Merl-iwell's Double Shot.

ma‘-nFlIIsl:*'}al‘crri1r¢1i ‘L ' l V - i .. 356--:Frank Merriwelrs Baseball Victories.

7  Herrgwdfg Retdnrto 359-‘-F Ir Mcrriwell's Conﬁdence. '

‘ ‘ _ V ‘'5! w¢1l’s..Secret.:. ii» ‘ .36a-—«F vnk Merriwellh Auto. .
i ;/ , Her cIl's~‘~ ‘ " 1* i365---Fraulé Memwv.-ll's«Fun. e .

A !"nnIc'= v 368-Frnnlc Merri_well's Generosity.

., , j r _ e M   l  1    9 37!--,Frank*Merrgwell'.s Tricks. ’ ‘ .

 V  s’ ’ 15.. 9 g ' V ‘ 374--Frank Merrgwelfs Temptation.
.; .  ~ ;-  e  , .377."'.'-Fflﬂli Mcmwcll onffop. 
-  xi « — A1*.',rI‘¢wrs.« (lunuod awn;

'  ﬁnrriwelrs .i '

A *  ':i399r'3’tInk5llqrrive.llg:i§Phanh¢- A A

5‘ %F_oauk‘Mevriwell's Hunting Tour. . 3l6—-—Frank Merriwell's Problem.

   
    
         
       
    
 

  

f 

  

:

   
 

 

   

he Nick Carter Weekly

 

ISSUED avenv SATURDAY.

HANDSOMEST COLORED COVERS

  
  
    
  
  

3ence with all kinds at criminals.

That's’ why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest
to cover. There is no brutality in Nick's make-up—he does not need it
—-he uses his wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

No other detective library contains stories , that are half so inter-
 Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

from cover

I PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers; or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
    

5-3-The Man of Many Faces; or, Nick Carter Behind
the Scenes. '

a Letter From the Dead ;.or, Nick Carter’: Proud-

_ est Moment. A ’ «

 Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick

 Carter's Amazing Experiment.

The Gentleman.Crook’s Last Act; or, Nick Carter
» and the Haunted House.

f. . C The “Skidoo" of the K. U. 82 T.; or, Nick Carter‘:

ii Great Train Robbery Case.

a The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter

V Stopped the “Cannon-bail.”

iek Carter’s Twin Mystery; or. The Secret of the

, Green Automobile. .

$9-.-A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’s Fight for Life.

. 1 A Game of Five Millions; 01', Nick Carter’s Fight

.With a Fiend. _

i .. . the Poisoncr; or, Nick Carter’s Strangesti

. Experience. , ‘ ' - f

 o£_thc'Poisoner; 0!’. Nick Carter-’s Hair-
breadih Escape.

 Giant: or, Ten-Ichi Plays a Lane

3, H. .

5 - f .. the Unknown; or, Nick Carter's Blindfold
 * .



    
  
 
  
  
   
  

 

  

tr.

  
  

 

  ‘smash 'A,v-wt N" W‘ 0”?»
b ‘_ ; “L »¢aﬂueIo.a-i-Iceland .

a
M egofwjo-oocoaotoovvo vyoonuuobonoucun In

‘ euuotpnonnthuntnn
:%l:y:endl& u‘-'iri,chtbo9ﬂ¢-09%“-hoohnuweuaevewmuu
and. ..........oente&wyhIehpIeuueu!nu

muses uoocnodgpufce-nu--e--in-anon .
c-gnu--eggs :_

HERE ARE THE,LATEST TITLES:

518-—-A lgangerous Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a
nszs.

519-—Madgc ‘;\Iorle_v’s Ghost; or, Nick Carter’s Des-
perate Fight.

520-An Automobile 1\‘I_\'stery: or, Nick Carte!"s Blood-
hound on the Scent.

521-The Mysterious Stranger: or, Nick Carter’s Com-

plex Case.

522-—-The White Arm of a Woman; or. Nick Carter's
Desperate Chase.

523—The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of a Castle. I

524--The Plot of the Baron: or, Nick "Carter's Telling
Strategy. ‘

525-The Passen _r on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter’s Per ect Disguise. ~

t 526——A Double Mystery; or; NickiCarter’s Strong-hand
' Pl

3Y- —
527--Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter's Motor- ;
' boat Chase. 
528-Clarice, the Woman Detective: or, Nick Carter's,
Titled Assistant.
529-The Index of Seven; Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City. C .
53o—An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes

    
      

~ Gladiator.

......__...

 

      
    

\

 
  
     

u§dnIﬂ§'$!hIhohﬁuIﬁtﬂeeﬂuﬂ1usL‘

   
 
 

...,x...am».o nu.’ ’

---- any

   

 

 

  

  BUFFALO

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY. '

 

 

Blll. STORIES

 

BEAUTIFUL OOLORED COVERS

-7

Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West. ‘ '

L Boys, if you want tales of the West that are
drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE FIVE csnrrs PER oopv

For Q/ale by all newedealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE‘ ARE , THE.

276-—BuEalo Bill Running the Gantlet; or, The Wolves
of the Emigrant Trail.

377--Buﬁalo Bill’s Leap in the Dark; or, The Outcast
of Santibell.

278-—Buﬁalo Bill's Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Mahoe

I379--Buﬁalo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round-

up in Hidden Valley.

r ‘:80:-Buﬁalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble

Pricking. 4

528!-—-Buﬁalo Bill's Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance

of Alkali Pete.

1182-Buﬂalo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of

Snake River Crossing.

L :83-a-Buﬁalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of

the Bitter Root.

T334--Buffalo Bill’s Secret Foe ; or, The Wizard of Windy

Gulch. 5‘

§3i8‘$-—Buﬁalo‘ Bill’s Master-stroke; or, The Specter of

Death Valley.

' 186——Buﬁalo Bill ahd the Masked Mystery; or, Teton

éohn, the Half—breed.

T 2187--Bu alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone

We Star Outlaws. _
388--Buﬁalo Bill’s Dance of Death; or, The Night
Hawks of Snake River.

‘:89:-Buﬁalo Bill and the Creepirig Terror; 01', The

Black Spider of the Shoshones.

LATEST TITLES:

29o—Buffalo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or, The Wan-
~ dering Jew of the Plains.
29I—ButYalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, ‘The
Redskin Rovers.
292-Buffalo Bill’s Medicine—lodge; or, The VVhite
Queen of the Kickapoos.
293—Buﬁalo Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons ..of
the Niobrarah.
2g;—Buffalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on
the War-path. L
295-Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship
of the Phantom Flower.

ror of the Panhandle.

297—Buﬂalo Bill’s Border Rufﬁans; or,
Game of Panther Pete. "

298-—Bul°falo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Timbuotoo.

299——Buf¥alo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
Round-Robin Ranch.

3oo——Bui¥alo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the

‘ Niobrarah.

301-—ButTalfp Bill’s Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black

Ri e.

The Desperate

Flower of Fctterman Prairie.‘
303-—Buffalo Bill and the White Specter; or, The Mys-

terious Medicine-man of Spirit Lake.

' I
All ANYIAOK

mum’: urea. alumna. we gonna Avenue. new mm City.

§QI£wm‘w   oooooo -‘IoCODIIOO1Intj‘QIOIuoo§ uuuuu on
V .y

.,,:..V.,.. “ “‘N§€ﬂIfI.Qv . In ................... .............t....
' f   Ion... .............. ... . 1 ......... ..

OVV'IV

o

Gentluun :-he1oudIsl............oontI for wile! please zml no:

team! cannot procure than from nevmlealerl. "they on be obtained train thte oalce direct.
to an with the price at the book: you went and we will send them to you by return mail.

i‘ whtMt 0 n orderbluk“ Illdlt
 T mnraxiiiﬁoisane A: menu.

uoonunuoe uuuuuuuuuuuuuu cl! n u - o u n u u u u a o o - . u - - . . . 

...... ..eopteu!IUPPALO IILI. 
“ " IIAVI MID ELI Noe ................................... ...

... " "ROUGH RIDER

  

296—Buﬁ’alo Bill in No Man’s Land; or, The Sky-mitw

3o2——Buﬁalo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White p

1 ... ROI. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..L ........ -n 
!  N R“; unqoqn uuuuuuu none! ooooo -new---coo uuuuuu ..TOVI - a u - o - o - - o n o ¢ any - - a u u u .-SLOW ---------- nettle-JO OI. ;

    

?_.—7

"ssuso EVERY weonasmv.

BRAVE C AND BOLD

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

   
 
  
   
 
   

Don't miss these.

‘ 

0» ‘Conwa ’s White. Clue; or, Trailing the Diamond
1». ‘item. y Inspector Robert Barnes. ’
138--Tracked Across Europe; or, The» Clue of the Moving
,m.c..* ‘ “ ’i‘°é“l.§* .3’ "“.if“E:f.”l.'.‘§}°' ha i F . B
o ra 0; or, w s ‘t or or une. y
* Albert W. Aiken. _
ptain Myste ; or, The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By
Herbert Bel wood. ‘
fiver Sallie; or, "The Three Queer Pards of Polrer Pocket.
‘' By I. C.‘ Cowdrtck. ,
The Ranch Etaiders; or, Secret of the Golden Dagger. By
. ' ‘Capt. Hal Hazelton. _
A Baptism of Fire; or, At the Front With the Japs. By
  Marl: Darren.‘ . .
' The Border Nomad; or, Sharper Stokes’ Double Deal. By
< Herbert Bellwood. ‘ ‘
ﬁlial: Mallory’s Struggle; or, Friends and Foes At West
-‘ ‘E faint. By Lieut. Fred Garrison. U. S. A.
. A Strange Clue: or, The Sharks ahdy Sharps of New York.‘
' By James Fisk. _
gum}; Bob; or, The Boy Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard
' ‘ Traill. ' l
The Electric Wizard: or, Through Air and Water to the
Pole. By Emerson Bell. _ V
. the Shadow; or, Solving a Double Mystery. By
. Rich: Hackstoﬁ. _ _
You ‘ 6: ts of the Gridiron: or.-
bﬁ Pennant. By Frank Mernwell.‘ _
. Eﬂis, the Nighthawk Reporter: _or, The Biggest News
“Beat” on Record. By Robert Reid. V _
.. ﬁn. Breaker Box; or. The Young Coal Mtne»_Ferret.
; Richard Hackrqtﬁ.

    
  
    
    
 

  
    
    
     
    
  
     
  

 
     
  

. 2:4-—On_the Pam

Fighting For the Foot- 4

There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
’ characters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these.
iiifellows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD. ‘ ,

H Each story is full 3o,ooo*words in length and is {complete in itself,
having no connection with any that went before or will come after.

OPRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

or sale by all nswsdeslers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

__.;—‘
—T

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES s

203--Young Maverick, the Boy From Nowhere; or, 711: Too-
' derfoot Oil King of Texas. By Sam Rusher. '
204--Tom, the Mystery Boy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow.
By Robert Reid.
205--Footlight Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star.
Henry Abbott.
206-The Sky Smugglers; or, Gordon Keith's Great Balloon
Chase. By Lawrence White,

By Managier

Jr. »
ao7——Bart Bermer's Mine; or, The Boy Who Got There. By

Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry.

203--The Young’ Ranchrnan; or, Bart Benner Going It Alone.
By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.” .

209—Bart Benner's Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter-'of
the Big Horn. By the author of "Bart Benner's Mine.”

2xo—Gordon Keith in Java; or. The Search for the Lost Wild
Animal Taker. By Lawrence White, Jr.

21:--Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.
By Herbert Bellwood.

_at2—-Under False Colors: or, Dick Dangerﬁeld’: Mystery. By

Police Captain Manning. ..

2x3—Ba s, the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. By *

ichard Hackstaﬁ.
!p‘as; or. A Strange Chase Across South Amer.
tea. By wrenee White, Jr. V.
2I5—The Crimson Clue: or. Dick Dangerﬁeld’: Mission. By
Police Ca rain Manning.
216-—At the Red orse; or, Herr Driesbsch, the Lion King. by
Charles B. Day. ‘
217-—Riﬁ§I and] Rod; or, A Cruise Down the Lake. By J. 34’,
erril. '

813-V-Pards: or. Couzrsdes to: Life. ' Br Colonel’ Prentiss lg. V i
Wham ' - ,~

 
 

   
 
 

-nuxnns of anemia-srisuod

  
  
  

   
 

 we some: Avsnno. now run: any.
* Isotlsuq .

‘A

  

lbs...

      

ggugpqqueen-use uuuu nu

{—..

mum vt:ht:isliprhee!mit£:'boohny°ouwuseodv’evInssnﬂthsm
hi ‘I . .
ememm .   

,a—.I:noiangut_sui............oon:-tarvhlohrl-I°IIIlI°* "

the

rnubrtsrlrrn _

. .... ...eoplsIelIUFPAl.0il‘.I. 

    
   

 IHE nouan mnlzn WEEKLY

     
  
 
  

ISSUED EVERY MONDAY.

_‘W

“and he upholds the title.

HANDSOM E COLORED COVER

—>

Ted Strong wants to make your acquaintance, boys, and we are
convinced that you will be proud to have him as a -friend. The
tales of his adventures among the cowboys are‘ full of _fascinating
interest. He is known to ‘ every one as “King of the Wild West”

PRICE FIVE GENTS PER COPY

For sale by ell newedealers, or sent, peetpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price In money or postage stamps

  
 
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
    
  
    
   
    
   
    

*4 e Girl Range—rider. ,
5 I35-—KinSgt tﬁf th¢éhV\gld :iVIe{st’s dBuckskin Guide; or,
; e a a e ran oun -up.

~ x35..—Kin% pf‘ ltahe Wild West’s Strategy; or, Stella's
c IIC  . ‘V §

I37-—King_ of the it/ild ‘¥VEst’s Tangled Trail; or, The
 isa rance o . tell .
$28.—-KIIIEOO thehvigldd Vest’: Long Ride; or, Stella

» st on e e . esa.
‘ X29-—Kingaof the Wild West's Phantom; or, Stella in

j . nger.
.1230-.-King of the Wild West’s Broncho-busters; or,
‘ . tella’s Fort in the Coulée.
331--King of the  West’s Corral; or, How Stella

rang t t e arning. ~

133*-King of the Wild West's Tenderfoot Pard; or,
V Stella's Su rise Party.
133-Kin‘g"w;':f axe ild W§st‘s Night Wrangler; or,
 at a ned to tella.
V 134 of the ild West’s Outlaw; or, Stella to the
 A 7 escue.

"335--King oil; ti?! Wild West at the Throttle; or, Stella

in t e ames. V

36.-—Kin§.uofBtlhe Wild West’s Trail; or, Stella Finds

" l De.

T_ 9:

WI DAUIII'Ulll'Il-lllllullbnrleeendogué:
h ?dwbr:k“%M Ondtnouewt
a uni. teuleheu. 70 smm Ayenuo. my Yer! City.

 

~ wlaueuniex

L HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES 3
_  of the Wild West’s Helping Hand; or, Stella, H

. . . . - . .-
.

I37-—King of the Wild West’s Race; or, Stella Among
the Seris.

.138-—King of the Wild West’s Fire-signal; or, How

Stella Foiled the Marauders.
I39-——-King of the Wild West Rides the Line; or, Stella
-. Saves Old Glory.
I40-——King’ of the Wild West’s Treasure; or, Stella on
the VValls of Montezuma. '

I4I——-King of the Wild West’s Totem; or, Stella Makes
a New Maxim. '
142-King of the Wild West on the Box; or, Stella in

the Mountains.
I43——King of the Wild West’s Slick Trick; or, Stella
Buys 21 Town.
I44—King of the \Vild \Vest on Vanishing Island; or,
Stella Solves an Enigma.
I45—King of the Wild VVe‘st’s Decision; or, Stella‘:
‘‘ Waif of the Plains.

* I46-King of the Wild West’s Broken (‘inch; or, Stella’:

Stratagem. ,
147-—King of the Wild West's Iron Box; or, Stella
Turns the Tables.

I48-—-King oﬂ the Wild West’s Lost Brand; or, Stella in .

“No Man’s Land.”
I49-—King of the Wild West’s Snow Camp; or, Stella
Lost in the Wilderness.

 

yroeun than from nevedeelerl. they can be obtained tron thin etllee ’
pl-tee e! the book: you want and we w_il1leend them to you by "turn

.............................................. ....190
,.

   
  

.2. _ , Oﬁtleqeutwlnelaudlld ...... ......eente re: which pleeee lead use: -
 Ice. ................. . .. .............. .. .. ..... ..eephe0fIUPPALO IILI. Nee. ..... ..
.. ~ — uutgcann ,  " "IIAVB ANII 801-0 Num-

" IOUOH Ill!!!

 

 

     

   
 
  
  
  
  
    

  

  

  

 

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

 

  
 
 
 
 

Nicli Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

xx: 2-r -

4“ ~—.- va-

_ authority and rid his ranch of some very
~ tough bullies.

  
   

MIGHT AND MAIN

BUFFALO BILL STORIES

 given to our boys only in the

Ti bound to interest and please you.

 

RIDER WEEKLY
Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
shal by accident, but he resolves to use his

He does it in such a slick
way that everyone C;rl'.‘S him “King of the
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. Sioo in cash are given to the readers
of this publication, every three months.
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share 01 it.

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary five-
cent library.

Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
thousand exciting adventures
among the Redskins. These are

Buffalo Bill Stories. They are

 

 
  
 

Every boy who prefers variety f .

in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys‘ stories. Every
tale is complete in itself.

  

-..-.u>.-:.-.::.-.-...--

of Western adventure is adniir— 1 ,

ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to-date boy ought to read just
how law and order are estab-
lished and maintained on our
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

   

 
   
     
   
   
   
 

BOWERY BOY LI

The adventures of a poor waif
whose only name is "Bowery
Billy." Billy is the true product
of the streets of New York. No
boy can read the tales of his trials
without imbibing some of that
resource and courage that .mal<es
the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

      
   
   
   
       
     

consequences.

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and ﬁfty thousand of the'best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
We are sure you will like it.

Get the current number.

 

They are

 

‘V

  
   
   
  

 
 

    

