Prnce 8 Cent:

   

-.  N3 1105 NEW YORK DECEMBER 3. 1926

STWHES EEJF [EYE WEBB] MAKE M@N[EYo

Z33 §‘F[;:{@[XE E15’ {LEDEDWE
E THE Bmrwun MADEM   

\ ﬁg 7¥,5'£zF-/W/755/I/6’/V  ‘V
my omyz 570/z/£5 \

, _ ,» Q’. "4 ._\ _ ‘ .-

_ _‘. .2 ‘ ‘

“HOW then. up with him!" cried Red O'Connor. He and Sandy hoisted the unlortunato Tom of
M1 foot. A: that moment Flynn and Jennie came upon the scene. “Run for hoip.
Jennie.” whispered Tim. and the girl darted away

       
   

   

 FAME lino FORTUNE WEEKLY

line-iweexi-sh ltlo i,s4.5o ear.Caad $4.50;Frei 3.5.0:; Westb Pbllsh out.  L‘-‘ll
-' Pubhuhe':1c.’ire§'w§stpr Ce P” ’ n " ° 3"‘ '1" 3ccobe‘3. 1'"  3

 

Street, New York. N.Y. Entered as Second-Claus Matter
1911. at the Po c-once at New York. N. 1.. under the Act at March -3. ism

5

V No. 1105‘ NEW YORK, DECEMBER 3, 1926 Prioe8Cents. 4 

  A STROKE or ‘LUCK   

A  _ OR, THE BOY WHOMADE MONEY IN on. ” 9

    

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

 

         

  

1 ‘ CHAPTER‘ I.—Tlie Red Leather Pocketbook before. If I can't rmgi 1_mn_ then I will g_ive_yoh  9‘
W “I seen it first!” snarled Chip Sadler a dis  of “"‘y““."g thats m It’ Thzws fa?’ 
In table looking youth who had acquiied the "‘No,V it ain't.” ._ 
et of “C-Ship" because he was a “chip_of “Why not? The owner has a right to his propi l
the old block”—that is, he was a miniature edition erty, hasn't he?” . I
of his” father, Sandy Sad1er,_ a tough and reck- ‘;No, lie ain't. _l<‘iiidin’s’ keepin’s.”
Tess well-shooter of _the district. 7 _ “I don't agree with you.’ »
..}‘You say you did. but_ I ‘doubt it. At any Thats cause you mean to bluff me outof
‘alto, I got my hand on it first _and possession my share_.’’ . . 
kjjnine points of the_ law,” re lied Tom Cobb, “That,isn’t the way‘! do business. If 
aItalwa_1;t,_good looking boyxo eighteen. k owner Ill_te11_ you “ho he is, and you can
 -me “it in question was a red leather poc et- and ask, hlI_!l'1f I returned his propert to him. 
‘book which had been smothered in the dust of If I don t find him then you can claim 9.1! what’ .
the country road. - _ _ _ the pocketbook contair.s.” , ~’~ 
H A {.']']:e two boys, coming from opposite directions, “VVhat"s the use of gain’ to all that trouble? V’
— Alhdimade a simultaneous swoop at it, and Tom You _won t get no thanks: If Id picked it_u;’».v£ust ; p .
M Cobb’: fingers snatched it from the wagon rut Ia give you half 01 it w_ithout_any climnin’. « ;  ‘ ~
A ‘in which it lay. _ ’ _ _ H “_\V e’ll see what’s in it,” said Tom, taking no 
.  t the right to half whats in it, re- notice of his companions remark.» E  r
ﬁr:-ned _ p, hedging on his first claim to the ex- There were five brand-new $100 bills in 

    
  
   

 
  
  
  
    
   
    

    

        
     

        

      
     

     
     
        
 

  
  
    

j , right to the whole find. _ wallet, and Chip’s eyes devoured them greed .--
V’F$',“A moment ago you Minted it all," chuckled ‘ He had never seen so much money in all

    
   
    

  
  
    
  
  

  
   

\ life before. r  E
‘ #1 sun ‘willing to divide even,” replied youn It represented a fortune to him. V ~ {
l .. , trying.to look magnanimous, but there e - _ "Five hundred ’dolla_rs.” said Tom, attereount.
was a failure. in; them. “Thats quite a sum.” '.‘= 3; 
“Well, Chip, I don’t think either of us has “And you're going to return all tliatlto the 
' t to anythin that's in it.”- owner?" said Chip in disgust. J rig ’§.-’ '
y ain't we?" e-found it, didn't we?” “If I can find him.” 2 .3‘ _

0, we didn't," with an accent on the “we.” ‘_‘I don't believe you will try to find him. You’!-1
iuiiid it and I am going to try and find the gomghto l,<’eep the money and cheat me out at y
 , my s are. ‘ " ..
‘you're going to try to find nothin’!" an- “I'm going to do nothing of the sort.” V
. -.. Chip, zesentfully. “That’s only an excuse “What elseiis in it besides that money?" *'=
 « me so you can keep the hull of it. You Tom looked through the flaps. _ . " ,.

» 5 make a-£oo1_out>of me.” ; - “There's some newspemer clippings,
J know it. Chip--—Nature has done that al- V-sta s, a small gold in l and——I guess

_ _ _ all,” e said, closing the pocketbook and pi: '
t’: that?" asked hip’. suspiciously. the rubber band about it as he found it. ; * ”*~,
'tyou understand nglish?” - i _Chip, satisfiedthat Tom wasn't 'going'*—to. '
.. you're smart because you went to school vide with him, made a sudden snatch fox-the‘
i ~ me." sneered Chip._e let, grabbed it and took to his ‘heels. ‘ “
_:wfh¢' more a fellow knows the smarter ’I_‘om made after him at once. The chase
as 3 rule." - , .' _ a liyely one for a minute or two, and thw.
in . lmow as much as you do 11.! didn't ﬁnding that heyvas sure to be overhauled.
lanolin.” »' ~.- « the pocketbook into the husband »

   
 
 

     
   
 

  
   
   

 

  
    
    

   
 
  

\

       
 
  

    

  

  

       
 

     
    

  
    

   
     

   

  
 
 

Tom gave up the pursuit
place lieroﬂloiulhtli '
«aha-loin _ ‘Q

  _ s  A STROKE or LUCK

i  1“ ‘ are with on!” he shouted venge-
* -« .;-  iglﬁnsqgook no noiiice and walked off in
. J’ the opposite direction. As he rounded a turn in
;‘ 6 .the road about a,quarter of a mile from the spot

/. :..where he. picked» up the pocketbook he came_11P°n

.' ‘a plain] dressed but very pretty girl of fifteen
 ’ years w in he recognized as Jennie Dean.

 she Jae thering blackberries from the hedge
~  the slice and fruit grew in profusion,

V ‘And the pail, by her side was nearly ful .

. .- >,_, “Hana, Jennie," said Tom, passing near her.

 v‘1‘oui had known Jennie for some time, and had
 an a great shine to her. _ _

* - -‘ﬁwh , Tom is» that you?" she replied with a
look t showed that she was deligh-ted
 see him. ‘ “

. #1:. isn’t anybody else," he laughed. Glad to

nature?" - ‘ _

f _. "‘I‘;n always glad to see you, Tom,” she replied

' .. l

* “Are €50“: Thanks. I can say the same for
myself. You're the only girl in the county I
¢aa:sa_qentrfor.” ._ - ' _ _

‘Jaime blushed a little and began picking more

  

 
     
       
   
     
    
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
   

»‘,‘8hull Ihelp you?” he continued. . _
"‘I’in vxuarly done, but you can help if you wish
3' « ._ ,

”- lik to k lf 1' 1. I
“An ﬂghbaat.‘ca1I'eleses._ 'l’nl?ere¢ans’iLea  0‘; berri:
, n M

-13°‘ duS‘.adllciie'dupset my can when I had it half
3*‘  aiafep 2 It's just like him to do such a

 ﬂick. met him down the road and almost
Jud _a run-in with him." _ _
' ‘Aboutiwhat '.”' asked the girl curiously.
'!‘Ahsut a pocketbook we both saw in the dust.
I  mygharids on it first and he was as mad
"-'-1%.. tound- a pocketbook?” Jennie ejaculated
"-‘Ian, ‘it is,"'and Tom showed it to her:
;, ed it and showed her the five

$100 till: she uttered another exclamation.

, ta lot of-money!" she cried.
Vbpndred dollars." _ _
are you going to do with it? I suppose
now

& Pm. gdlng to make every effort to find
 * I I fail I shall divide the money with

I .-3% "~ l
‘ “Bopyou really mean to give him half of the
. .- He's no friend of yours. I know he
. —, go, and would injure you if he could." V
ell, I think he has as muclr to half of the
l as I have. At any rate_ I promised to give
: - in case ‘I couldn't find the owner."
gene: a little further conversation, ﬁn-
M ickin and she and Tom, the
the pail, set out for the house

         
      

ecarryinx

    
         
    

£e1r;_g.e§*ez.ir. ' _
. .

- K i 1* Re rksAboutth cau-
53 "’§2ss§i'ém i"'i'Zi'ds.~ " .5

4.2,

by u_gs,"De_ax_i, which‘~had’ also been Tom's =
Flynn and to ﬁnd out when‘ his services 

’.wia}iiad.:1ari:ted we '
p and.’ ‘*1.

pany’s property. Tom Flynn, the boss driller, 4
took a great liking for the boy, and kept‘ him “
pretty steadily employed. The work of the crew '
was not confined to the Lucinda roperty. Flynn . 3
took his hands around to the ifferent claims
wherever they were to be found. '
The Lucinda at present was the most important
and best paying investment in the field, havin ' 
four wells spouting continuously. It was sai J"
that the stockholders were receiving 250 per cent —.
returns on their stock annually. Originally the "
stock sold for ten cents a share. Now none of
it was on the market though there were standing ‘
offers of $15 a share. _ - , . ; '
Therefore, those who had invested $100 in that
stock two years since at ten cents a share were
now receiving $2,500 per year in dividends, and
their stock was worth $15,000. Of course not
all the oil properties were doing anywhere near
as well as the Lucinda, but those just starting
were making capital out of the Lucinda's success,‘ ..
There was no saying but all the companies might . 
do as well, or pretty near as well, as the Lucinda!‘ 1
fog their claims surrounded the property on ’ 5‘ ,
si es. «/2:
Mrs. Dean's little farm, where Tom lived, was ‘_
on the edge of the surveyed oil fields, and it was } ‘
not improbable that there was oil several hun- _ ‘;
dred feet below the surface. - ‘ ' ' I
Since the first rush about two years before,“ “
several offers had been made to her to sign an ‘
oil lease which would give the lessee the right to '_ 2
bore anywhere on the ground as his judgment. j
dictated. ’ . -V . 3
Under the terms of the lease, if oil was not,,,,;;
found on her property she was to receive noth—~ .

 

g. . .

If, on the contrary, oil was found, she was en-
titled _to one-eighth of all that came up. 

Owing to the uncertainty of results and the . 3
certainty of much dams and inconvenience troll 
the presence of the well rers, she turned the ot- 
fers down. ~ “3

The farm adjoining hers belonged to an old man  
of seventy. who was something of a hermit. ' Hr‘-' "
had allowed the property to go to ruin, and ouhﬁa
cultivatedenou of the ground near his house‘ '
to ive him a iving. ' _--. ‘-

e. had leased his oil rights to a company for.
a term of two years, with privilege of renewal. -2 .

The company had exhausted its capital in 
less borings, only one of which gave any promise‘:
of success. __ “
"Over this had been erected a derrick, but long»,
one reason or another it proved a failure.  .1

The failure to reach oil on the old man’: ground ‘
caused a‘ cessation of any further offers to I
Dean or other farm owners on that side at
_oil ﬁelds. ~ ‘ ~ ». ._.

On the morning that Tom Cobb found the
pocketbook in the road'he was not working, i
crew having ﬁnished their labors on a 
the afternoon before. _ . .‘
He had been over to get his wages.tn‘dat_e

 
 
  
  
  
    
  

V: 1

    

   
 
  
      

  

uired again.

    
 
   

tained to Mrs. Dean, and she_ was surprised at

he so fortunate as to find him. HeTl1 88¢ his
‘- property back intact,” replied Tom.
“Well the-_ man to whom the mones’ ‘P8101138.
, should you_ find .him,_ ought to reward you liberally
‘°£{.“,‘:"*"; ‘“‘“.."‘3.""i%“‘i“’.‘3‘2.‘.‘.=. i‘I.°m”i."is ro

. o ers ‘
D0311 dtfwn. Small favors are always thankfglly
ﬂy’): k]ﬁutghQd'vT0!!!.u  H

e o -

’ “lfehgnsghould, bgel as iberal as that I know what
’ Iirould do with my half of it.” ”
“Your half of it? Why, it would all be yours.

“No it wouldn't half of any reward would be-
lmg to chip S:d1er."_ D
. “Chip Sadler! exclaimed Mrs. ean.
“Yes, we practically found_the wallet together,
'¢nIy I got ssession of it. He wanted n_Ie
todivide the $500 with him. but I couldn't see It-
'sed to ive him half of itif I didn’t find
1 prom: . . .1 d
_, ‘ﬁg owner, an of course, he will be entit e_ to
%‘ an or any rewaurd I might get. My word is as
. “It‘:e!e'gs a shame that he should get half of
*‘  money that you may set.” sard Mm Dean-
’ e

1. all bad tat'on."

‘ "5«"y'§'.ii‘,’ii ‘;‘=“an‘3§'“i.e helpedﬁeggvliéd Tom-

}, “,r._,1'he foregoing conversation had taken place in
 ‘the kitchen, where Mrs. Dean was busyﬂeﬁ’-13$
 jinier, and Jennie _was occasionally be!’-
Tom went upstairs and  the val C It
; thehottmnofthetrunkandtidied liimselfupa
I ‘bk for the table. *

 

  
         
        

-—::—
»~¢1~.

’ R III.—-T Finds th Owner of the
 Pg: 0

_ /

' ' ef th I 'th th ’ ten-
*‘“rt:-yiduenung atclug t:1t'..hewhwneredf‘ the
leather pocketbook. _ .
sw;':‘a.°“vhi§u*”'u§.“:1a‘“‘.2.u*?‘.:. ’.‘3i§

 rnoon. Mr.AWillett,” said Tom 88

 1::;:it lookgdup and nodded at the lad.
_ ﬁn the was passing he stopped suddenly and
  Toiubytiiearxu. _

'-yougoingup tlieroad?" he askedin an

  
     
       
  
 

  

  
  

m - do me a favor!’ _ e
. ‘la-\' ' \

mffered a great loss. Somewhere.be-
endth Vi Ii roadIlostmyD0¢ket-
this Q. I8"veabeen ovei-_the ground
 two but In eyensht 18 1'

’teee,yei-yw Iwish you would ook

. and'f find! i and
 ulisyiiumtnmth ' "

his 1 k. '
 c;lywme lug: is the owner’s if I should

is the worst boy in the neighborhod and his

_. ram. ‘Tm going as far .. the‘

‘A STROKE OF LUCK

 and how much’ E want it.”

3 -
“It was an old red leather pocketbook and it ... »
contained five new $100 bills.” »
“And an old-fashioned gold medal?”

"How did on know that?” asked the old man,
looking at om sharply. « 
“Because I found your pocketbook in the road *

about two hours ago. There was no clue to the

owner and was justgoing to make a tour around ,

the oil district to see if I could not find the person

who lost it. You have described it so accurate!

that I am satisfied it isdthe one you say you lost, ' -

replied Tom. ’
“You found it?” cried the old man ‘

.f4‘£.i’s’»'

“Where is it? Have you got it in your
_“No; it is in my trunk at the house. ‘Come ‘
with me and you shall have it at once,” replied .. .,_.,

Tom.

The hermit followed him up the ath to the
front porch, but would not enter the ouse. “I'll
wait here,” he said, seating himself on the
Tom ran to his room, got the wallet out of
trunk and brought it to the old man. . 

“Is that your wallet?” he asked him. < ‘ '- _

“Yes, yes ; that’s it. Tell me how you found zit.” 1

Tom explained all the circumstances, including
Chip’ Sadler’s_participation in the affair.

“ ou are an honest boy—an honest boy,"-said 1
the hermit after he had looked through the wallet ‘
and’found everything intact. “1 will reward’ : 
you. ’ I :"" .

He offered Tom one of the $100 bills. ’. _ }

“I'd rather not take so much from you, sir,"  -i  ~
said Tom.

“You deserve it. Had anyone else found its! ‘
mi‘ t never have got it back. Take the inoney.". -

o,  the boy,_ “I won't take so much. _‘
I’ve got to give half of it to Chi£_‘Sadler, and I'd‘; V
rathernotbeohligedtohuid imssoofyour‘
goodmoney. Tendolla_rsisenoughtoequandir- —
on_ that chap, so if_you insist on giving me some-
thing don't make it over 820." -. V’ .

At length the recluse turned to Tom. ‘ .

“He:-e’s $10. Divide it _with Sandy Sadler’s eon.‘
Itwouldbefoolishtogivehimanymorekutl 
sha’n’t forget you, Tom Cobb-—no, no, I sha'n’t ,

forgetyou." '—

“Thank M . Willett," repl'ed Tom  ~
the bill in is 'pocl-iet. At that niloment tlizufron
gate slammed and the boy saw Red O'Connor. .a_".

well-shoota, and crony of Sandy Sadler, advanc~ p.

in up the walk. H _sed to _  ;
cm was a, surpri see O’Counor 
making a call‘; the Dean farm. ’ A .' I
He had never done so before, and the boy could
not unagine what business had brought him. ‘ ,,
' “Hello, Tom Cobb,"‘he said coining to a 
in front of the hermit and the boy. 
"Good afternoon, Mr. O'Connor"? replied Till.

 

    
 
       

 
 

“Di u call to see Mrs. Dean
“No, ca_1led_to see on.” T 
“Me?” ejaculated om, wondering what ﬁe —,
W‘-"‘i'i"‘s‘Z°’°’e?i"i“‘°u'i wiptgclxdmhook an 
o a r ea er et in e v
morning, containing five new $100 bills. I heard ‘:2.
you found it, so I came after it.” said 0‘Connee.
Tom was dparalyzed at his wérds. . 
“Who tol you that I found a‘ red leather neﬁt
et book this morning?" he asked. . V
“No matter who told me. I heard you did. i '

      

     

  
     

    

   
     
    
 
   

  

   

 made some mistake about that wallet being yours.”
5- * “There ain't no mistake aboui it. The pocket»-
"f'  hook is mine.” . ,
1 ‘ ’ “It has been claimed by another person, and as
_..~  he described it exactly and .what it contained I
7*.  udged he was the rightful owner and gave it to
- 5 ' ” .re lied Tom. A ‘
‘ .~ /“ ‘ 1: You gave my pocketbook to somebody
else.” ' ‘

It - 2 ‘

I didnt say I gave your pocket book to any-
_. ‘I said I gave up the one I found in the
‘ this morning.” ' '
'1'»: . “Well, that was mine.”_ _
- “The person proved his right to it." _ '

 “I donft care what he proved, was mine.”

» stay you, lost a red leather pocketbook?”

‘~11: the road?”
If

I _ u. ,, ' _
' ‘ “What did the pocketbook contain?” ' . _
‘-Tivenew $100 bills, some newspaper clippings,

I Tun could not but admit that O’Connor had de-

_‘ ,thﬂo‘oeontenl:!s‘£eexIacﬂy,_but*wh‘?i the aid
 W88 I 1112 IIIIDOSBIV y 8

had been equally explicit-,

satisfied that E raim Willet was
the ndittnl owner on! the we let, but he couldn't
Indaumd hour O'Connor was able to tell what
.mit with such exactness.

"bod.
, Y

 

  
  
 
   
 

 

       
   
    
   
  
 
      
 

' _1’¢a.n_ was

he was puzling over the extraordinary

Was the explanation suddenly burst upon
.  he had shown Chip Sadler
Wgt

tl°°k"'b°°ku..g wntfalgedhaa sed th '
y your 1» ins e H}-
won on to O'Connor, maybe through his
‘ ,. _ e scheme hadﬁbeen cooked up be-
’, ' bywhiehtheylynitfiedtogctthe
; stheirpouessionanddfethes ls.
‘,“Auyon gmngtohandoverthatpoc etbook
ain't. ‘I said Red O’Connor impatiently.
‘I: you that I gave it to the man who

elqgilndit and proved that it was his.”
.. Whowas lie.” ,
“Kr. Willett here,” said Tom, indicating the

or was clearly disconcerted by this

gtatunent.‘ I
 looked at the hermit, who paid very little
ﬂan‘ ‘ to him. ' ’ ”
"'13 on lose -a red leather pocketbdok, too,
at length.
'§_:,did, and this boy found it in the road and
$1  to me.” " _
y .’ W‘ ett drew the contested wallet from his
yacht and held it up, . ‘_
this the pocketbook you lay claim to?” he
looks like the one I lost.” repliedﬂfﬂgnnor

ell name it right here, then," saidthe her-
 }M wallet.,  dsay there was
 ’$f;oé'31il>o‘§‘ketbo3i'2"séme M“ 8”-
“ A aha remarkable coincidence, for mine con-

aanie.” hesaid, with a tin e, of sarcasm
‘Now we will see wh . this pock-

 
   
 
   
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  

’ ' '  A §'i‘ROKE or LUCK

‘gloating over the bill and mentally figuring 

  
 

halos, to uoi-tome. Youwill;
*u~ ;caii’.°ii:-on ll 5' 
3%. ‘.“.;a.:.:&*:.‘:*.;.:'.:.

What kind of gold medal was yours? Was it
round, square or oblong? Was there a figure
on, both sides, and what words were stamped on
it.”

“I don't remember nothin’ -about it,” replied
O’Connor in a surly tone.

"But you must remember something as to the
nature of the clippings. What do they refer to'.'‘.’

“Oil wells," hazarded the well~shooter. .-

“These clippings are not about oil at all. They.
rﬁfer’to books on scientific subjects. Look at .
t em. ’ n '

Red O’Connor declined to examine them, and
muttering something about having made a mis -
take he turned on his heel and went away. —' 

“He didn't lose any pocketbook,” said _Tom. “I ..‘~
made the mistake of showing the contents of the V ‘
wallet to Chip Sadler. He told his father, prob-
ably," and Sadler and O’Connor made up the
scheme to get the wallet from me. It is fortu-
nate I met you as soon as I did. and thus was
able to block their little game.” . .

Tom walked to the gate with Mr. Willett, who =
again assured him that he wouldn't forget 
honesty in returning his wallet with the contents, gs
intact. and then started up the road to call on
Tim Flynn, the boss driller, at his house.

 

CHAPTER IV.—»Tom Puts Two Rascals to Rout. ‘A-_ '

Several days passed before Tom ran across Chip ,
Sadler again, and then he stopped him. 3

“I found the owner of the pocketbook and re» *
turned it to him. He gave me $10. I consider. ‘
you are entitled to half of it, so here it is."  ,

Tom held a $5 bill out to Chip. The youth,
who had heard the particulars of the return of ”
the pocketbook to Ephraim Willet, grabbed the’ _
money eagerly. _

It was a surprise to him, for he had not ex--
pected to receive anything, even if Tom received’
a reward. - .

He judged Tom by himself. ‘

“He gave you $10 for giving it back," he said,

i .,a.g..i.'.Z..u_'  .1. 3-, L ~ ..

~.

he .wo
“Yes. . 9 _ ~
“He ought to have given you more; but it's‘
just like ‘him-—a mean old hulk. It’s a wonder'..__.
he gave you anything. Must have broke his. ~.
heart to cough up ten. Bet yer life he wouldnfti 5;
have got. it from me if he hadn't anteed up one
of them $100 bills.” 
A week passed and then Tim Flynn got another 
contract to bore a -well on the Jumbo Gas Cour ’« .
pany’s giroperty. and from went to work again.  ‘r’
On turday evening he went to town and
bought the summer dress he‘had his eyes
which had been reduced to $8. It was for J _
It was late in the evening when he .
way back home. The wind sighed throuﬁ * ,
leaves and branches of the trees in a melanclioh’
way. It looked more like ‘a March night than
July one. In fact, the only thing that ea
of summer-_was the warmth of the air. '-  N
As hevwas on good terms with theold hguﬁ
Tom ventursdto take a short cut acroeahix ..
011-“. V’ r , ’..  j.“ .

’d spend it on himself.

L. . n.._ Lq,...J.o.¢a. \

 

 
     
 
   
  
   

  
  
   
   
   
 
    
   

 
 

  

   

Wi1lett’s house which told him that the old man
_ had not yet retired to rest. _
As he approached the building he suddenly
- ~  a cry for help which sounded like the her-
-:- mit’s voice.

Tom ran forward, and laying the pasteboard
box containing the dress he had purchased for
Jennie under a convenient tree, he dashed for the

1‘ , house just as a second cry, with a despairing ring
5‘ to it, reached his ears. He laid his hand on the
3 -handle of _the nearest door, expecting to find it
= ,locked but it wasn't and he entered the building.
I He found himself in a dark hallway, but a light
shining above the sill guided him to the door,

 

 

which he hastily opened. Then he saw a sight‘

that took away his breath. ~~
Two men, with their faces half hidden by tow-
els, but whose general appearance left little doubt
in his. mind that they were Sandy Sadler and
Red O'Connor, had Mr. Willett down on the floor
 were tying him. ,
. “Here! What in thiinder are you chaps do-
ing?” cried Tom, rushing into the room.
The rascals sprang to their feet in a startled
way and looked at the boy. Tom snatched a
small club from the table which looked as if it

 1. , had been used on the recluse’s head and shouted: A

- “Get out of here, both of you!”

He swung it at the head of one of the men.

The fellow, whom Tom believed to be Sandy
' Sadler, dodged and backed away.

“It’s Tom Cobb,” hissed the other in the un-
mistakable tones of Red O'Connor. “We must
down him, or the ji will be up with us.” .

" The speaker ruﬁied at the boy, and Tom
a smashed him on the arm with the club and then
 . * jumped aside to keep him from closing.
, “Help me,-Sandy!” cried O'Connor, in a fu-
;_ ', ‘ rious tone. Sadler made a spring at Tom, but the
3;: fbow put the table between him and the men.
‘_ _ A slight pause ensued in the hostilities, and
‘ Tom availed himself of it to pull the table toward
the door so as to offset a flank movement on the
1 . :-t of either of the rascals. ~,
;One of the tablelegs caught in a tear of the
old carpet and the table pitched toward Tom. A
K‘-7’ drawer shot out and hung suspended in_the act
> " - of falling. Tom grabbed it and pushed it back.
As he did so, his eyes rested on a Colt's revolver
; the old hermit kept to protect himself with. As
.. the rascals recovered their nerves and dashed si-
Ilmltaneously at the boy, Tom snatched the re-
‘ ~~volver out of the drawer, cocked it and covered
~ ». ~ Shem both with it. They stopped in dismay with-
 in two feet of the table. .
 , ‘‘Don‘t shoot,” cried Sadler in wavering tones.
* fr 1 "Don't shoot, for Heaven’; sake!” ' _ _
_ -'—d‘0’Connor said nothing, but was clearly intimi-

ted. A _

“Release Mr. Willett this moment or I'll put a
ball into each of you,” said the boy in a resolute
tone. “Do as I say,” he added, as they hesi-

 

  
   
  
    
   
    
   
   
 
  
 
  

., _BIdler t down on‘his hands and knees and
‘mi trem ling fingers proceeded to untie the
W  the cord they had put around the man’:

know both of you scoundrels," said Tom, "in
__._oi! the towels about your faces. Remove
. _ . Red 0’Connor, or there’ll be something
~wca’t~l'ke." ‘ ' y

        
 
 

. "‘D;i von vfeel_hettnv-“<now?” he asked

\

A STROKE_0F LUCK ‘ ' 5‘

With an
obeyed. , .

“Now get back against that wall,” continued
Tom to O'Connor.

“We'll fix you for this,” hissed Red.

At that moment a new person appeared on the
scene behind. Tom. It was Chip Sadler. The
rascals saw him, though Tom didn't.

‘fGrab _him, Chip, quick—quick," cried O'Con-
nor, starting forward. Toni whirled around as he
heard Chip’s step in his rear. The young
however, caught the arm that held the weapon.

In the struggle that took place the revolver
went off and Chip uttered a scream of pain, and,
letting go of Tom, sank to the floor shrieking,
“I’m shot! I'm shot!”

The bullet had entered the calf of his leg, and
he writhed on the carpet in pain and terror.

O'Connor was almost upon him, when Tom,

staggering back, ﬁred at him. The ball made a
ﬂesh wound in his side, and he uttered a roar.
Tom got outside the door into the hall and covered
Sadler, who had followed Red. The well-shooter
dropped to the floor to, save himself, thinking
the boy intended to shoot him.
_ O'Connor raised the table to throw it at Tom
in his desperation, and the boy shot at him again.
He could easily have p the man in the
chest, but did not want to so. He aimed for
his arm, but the bullet went between his arm
and his body. Then the table came through the
air at Tom, but struck the side of the doorway
and fell with a crash.

Sadler had seized the chance to throw up a wins
dow and jump out. O'Connor, finding himself at '
Tom's mercy and deserted by his associate, made
a dash for a door which communicated. with an-
other room, and getting through it in safety,
made his escape from theghouse by the kitchen
door, leaving Tom master of the situation. '

imprecation the man reluctantly

CHAPTER V.—-Tom Becomes Owner of the Wil-
lett Farm

_ Tom, without paying any attention to the blah-
bering Chip, who lay near the door, ran to the
hermit, whom he found conscious, but very weak.
_ “You have saved my life, Tom Cobb,” he said‘
in a fluttering voice. “Help me up."
_ Tom raised him into a chair.
mg rom a wound in the head, Mr. Willet ” '
the boy. “Are you much hurt?” t’ 
_ “I don’t know. I feel badly.”
Tom looked at the hurt and saw that it did
"03 9-P965!‘ _to be a deep one. '
I 811658 It’s_ only a scalp cut,” he said. “I'll
bathe and do it up for you." ? ,
_ He seized the lamp from the mantel, and, hold-_ ‘
mg the revolver in readiness for instant use, en- ‘
tered the back room. 
_No one was there. Then he proceeded to the\’_.’
kitchen, where he -found the. door open, and -.
concluded that Red O'Connor had left the house ‘ 
that way. He shut and locked the door. their goe » . ,
some water and a towel and returned to the s‘it- ’ '_ L
ting room. He bathed the hermit’s wound as V.”
zegtelas he could, and bound his head: up with I‘ '

*1-.9013

r is

  
    
  

       

   
  

J‘ 1

 

“You are bleed- \ V

  6 . _ _ H A’ S'l‘IlO_KE OI?’-LU_CK

Tom didn't wait to say anything more, but '_
hastened to the_ hermit/s house, where he found '

man and received an affirmative reply, though
‘Mr. Willett looked white and nerveless.

Toni went over to the door to get the table
and found that Chip Sadler had managed to make
himself scarce. He walked outside and looked

. around, but saw no sign of the youth. He brought

the box containing the dress into the_ house and
tried to lock the door but found. that it had been
forced by an implement which-broke the lock.
He carried the table out and placed it against
it, though he knew it was but a poor rotection.
’ ‘t‘"Shall I help you to bed?” he aske the her-
ml .
“Yes, please.” answered the old .man.
He assisted Mr. Willett to his bedroorn‘on_the
git floor, got his clcthes off and helped him into

. “I'm afraid I'm done for, Tom Cob ,” said the
recluse. “The shock has weakened _me greatly.
I am not very strong anyway. I think you had
better get a doctor for me.” _ _

“I'll do it. I'll go to the office of the Atlas Q11
Company near by and telephone_to town.” ‘said
Tom. You ought to have some kind of a stimu-
lant before I leave you. Have you anything of
that kind in the house?”

“There is a bottle of brandy in the cupboard.

You may give me some.”

Tom found a small glass beside the bottle and
filled it with the cognac. The old man sipped it,
and then said he felt a bit revived. After finding
that/he could be of no further use for the present
Tom left the house with his bundle, for he had
to Mrs. Dean's property to reach the office

. P355
of the Atlas Oil C0lI!DanY.

He found Jennie and her mother still up, and
laying the box in a corner, gave them 8; hasty Out-
line of what had happened at the Willett prop-

. arty. They were greatly astonished, while Jen-

   

nie tumed pale at the thought of the risk Tom
had faced.

_“I suppose I ought to go over and stay with
the old gentleman," said Mrs. Dean. “At _any
.br-:ge,,until,yo'u getback,for he seems tobein a

wa

Y- . .

“It would be well if you did so," “-3 he-d Tom»
with his hand on the door. “You wil find the
front door unlocked. His room is on the first
floor, in front, on the left side of the landing."

“I'll do it,” she replied rising to get ready.
Tom then hurried off. and inside of ten minutes

A was banging at the door of the office of the Atlas

Oil Company, which was in charge of a night
watchman. A ‘
..“He1lo. What do you want?” asked the watch-
man, thrusting his head out of one of the win-
dows.
“Say,_ will you telephone to some doctor in
«town to come out and see Ephraim Willett?” asked

asked Tom. _ -

“The hermit?” ~

“Yes. He was attacked by.a couple of scam-
drels tonight and nearly knocked out. He's

bad, for the shock has been hard on him.”
do it,” replied the watchman.

. «-1
’ I'm going back

“Get any doctor you can reach.

91}; the house toyatay with him.”

back the way he came and stopgzg
to find out if Hrs. Dean
Willett place. Jennie_told—'him

 
 
  

; I P» ‘ ‘

her. '

Mrs: Dean by the old man's bedside.
“How is he?” the boy asked.
“He seems to be in a stupor.

she replied.

“I got the watchman of the Atlas Company to ‘I

telephone for a doctor, and I suppose we may ex-
pect one before long.”

Tom then gave .M'rs. Dean a more detailed ac-
count of the trouble in the room below. ‘

“I knew Sadler and O'Connor were pretty hard
characters, but I did not imagine they would do
anything quite as‘ bad as this. They evidently
came to rob Mr. Willett, for he has the repu-
tation of being something of a miser.”

“The $500 he had in the pocketbook I found
probably tempted them. No doubt they believed
that was only a small part of the money he had
in the house,” replied Tom..

The doctor came inside/of an hour and he looked
the old man over Tom told how Mr. Willett had
been hurt. He examined the wound.
seriously hurt so far as the injury to his head
is concerned, but I am afraid the shock has been
a bad one to a man of his years," he said.

“I suppose he'll pull through all right. Don't
you think he will?” said Tom. -

“If he were younger and stronger I should un-
hesitatingly say yes; but in his case I would not
like to venture a positive opinion. He may or
may not. It all depends on his vitality. I should
Judge him to be a man of close on to seventy
at least.”

“I believe that's about his age.” The doctor
left some medicine, some directions, and p ' '
to return some time in the forenoon of the next
day, and took his leave. '

“You hadbettér go home, Mrs. Dean. I'll stay
with him all night. You send Jennie over in the
morning with some breakfast for me, or you can
.<::rovine yourself and let me go to breakfast.” said

om.

“I'll come over,” she said, and took her depar-

re.

h Mr. bwilliitt remained in a stupor for some
ours, ut a ong toward sunrise he brightened

and talked with Tom. . ‘I’

“YW'1'e 8 800d boy. Tom Cobb. and I aha’n't
forget what you have done for me. S I die,
you shall have all I own, for I haven't a single
relative in the world to give it to.”

“I hope you won't die, Mr. Willett. The doctor
said the ‘wound on your head did not amount to
a whole lot.” .

“One at my age never can tell how long his
span of life will last. I've passed the allotted
three score years and ten, which is more than
most men can ever say, and can hardly e to
live much longer under the most favorable condi-

tiona.

‘ The old man ceased speaking‘ , and resent]
dropped into a doze. Shortly a rwa the day
brokeandbeforelongthesunrooe. Thahu-mi;

was conscious when Mrs._Dean arrived aboﬁ‘

 ha had breakfast,
‘ r you ve u ’
down and sleep. Jennie 3311' y
no company. She will return to
_ J an awaken you when she
time. said Mrs. Dean.

   

rec
think;

.-». ,1

I've fixed up his .
head with some,balsam and a fresh bandage,” ‘

 

“He is not A

soon be  

- Ail

u;i.w.=;.e._.-A -"“

 

   
   

 Al STRQKE or LUCK 7

_ Tom went home, ate his breakfast ;nd turned
in for a few hours of sleep. The doctor called

 ion’ his old patient about eleven and said he was

getting on as well as could be expected. Two

policemen appeared at the farmhouse while the
, _, was still there. Mrs. Dean told th all

> the f of the case. They then left to fin and
_. arrest e two rascals. Sandy Sadler and Red
- O'Connor, however, knowing that Tom Cobb

' would give them away, had gone into hiding

"somewhere in the neighborhood, and the oﬁicei-s

were unable to locate them. Tim Flynn called at

the Dean homeabout half-past twelve, while Jen-
nie «was yre ring dinner, and asked for Tom.
“He’s up in his room asleep,” replied Jennie.

. “He’s been up all night, staying with old Mr.

Willett, on the next farm, who was attacked by

Sandy Sadler and Red O'Connor last night and

badly’ hurt."

“What did they attack him for?Z’ asked Flynn.
. “The supposition is they went there to rob
« him. At any rate, Toni happened  come along
by the house in time to rescue him after they
had him bound. ‘But I'll call Tom now, for din-
oner is nearly ready, and you can hear the story
from him.” —
f‘.You needn't go up. I'll wake him myself.”
- So Flynn wt upstairs and, entering Tom's
room, shook him lustily. The boy started bolt
' ‘ upright, waved his 'arms and shouted:
' ~ “Ketéili off, you rascals, or I'll ﬁll you full of
‘“ -—-— hy, helle, Mr. Flynn, is that you?

— tliought————" ,

“You were scrapping with Sadler and O’Con-
nor, eh?” laughed the boss driller.

“Why, yes; I was dreaming that they were
coming at me, and I was just about to ﬁre
when————” ‘

“You woke up and found me with my hand on
your shoulder. Ha, ‘ha, ha! The joke is on you,
my lad.” _

» “I guess it is. When did you come?”

“About ten or ﬁfteen minutes ago. Just drop-
ped around to give you a call.”

“Well, I'll get up.” _ _

“And while you’re dressing yourself you might

“ tell me the particulars of the scrap you had last
night with Sandy and Red over at Willett’s house.

Jennie told me that those two rascals went, there

‘to rob the hermit and nearly killed him.‘

“There's no certainty that he won’t die yet

_‘ «from the shock. lt was a blamed shame the way
‘ they used the old man—the cowards! Struck hi_in
' — down unawares with a club. But the police will

I put them out of /harm's way in a day or two,
, and they're sure to spend some years behind
 the bars. If Mr. Willett should die, they are
~. Jiahle to swing for their crime, and I wouldn't feel
I rr 9. hit sorry for them.”

articulars of his
Lynn then went

 

downktairs to ﬁnd dinner ready. '.
« - “You'll eat with us, Mr. Flynn,”g-said Tom.
". “Much obliged for the invitation, but I had
 dinner before I came over.”
 ~“‘*After the meal Flynn went over to the Willett
‘house with Tom aha saw the old hermit. I-Ie
Eyed awhile with the boy and then went home.
 . ,-. [Willett improved during the day, and next
 he was able toget up.. But he wasn't
 man he llld  and inside .of»two

 
 
  
  

  
    

  
  

3..

weeks announced his intention of going to Los
Angeles.

“I don’t expect to_ come back, Tom,” he said to
the boy, f‘s0 I'm going to give you this farm of
mine, which you can sell or keep, as it suits you.
As you can't hold realty in your own name I’ll
transfer it to Mrs. Dean in trust for you.”

Three days afterward he bade Tom and the
Deans goodby and departed.

CHAPTER VI.-—ln the Hands or the Enemy.

Although Tom was new owner of the Willett
farm, including. the house and_ all its furniture,
he had no particular use for it_. He locked the
house up and barricaded the windows, after re-
moving a part of_ the furniture to Mrs. Dean's
house. Tom continued to work for Tim Flynn,
and every day he picked up more information
about the oil industry, and grew more interested
in“the future of the fields. -

What are You thinking about, Tom?” asked
Jennie one evening in Qctober when they were
Slﬁflna together in the livii'ig—i-oom.

I was thinking _of several things. I was won-
dering, for one thing, where Red O’Connor and
Sandy Sadler skipped out to. The police weren’t
able to find them.”

“The left the t t th
have beien caught,”cs)l‘i1¢:1rhpl’ied(.mce or ey must

"1 S\lPP°5° s°' Maybe they went to Los An- .=

gelexs’ or ’Frisco.”
“ ou were v ry ood to Ch‘ Sadl
the authorities te_hat'§ie was mixgd up iifrthtgt til!
fair,’ said'Jenni_e. “lie was laid up at his home
for some time with his leg and could easily have
been arrested. I haven't heard that he was par-
ticularly grateful to you, for he’s just as lmpu.
dent as ever to me.” 

I didn't care to give him awa , though 1 had
no great sympathy for him. Stil , on account of

his mother I held my tongue,” replied Tom. "An.

other thing I was thinkin of," he “
that is_whethei- there is an‘; oil deep ﬁwmﬁg
t en Willett farm, and under your mother’s as
we . It_is true'that the El Lapitan Oi] Com.
 , which acquired a two-year-’s ]e§,se from In
b 2 ett, made a dozen-odd bonngs without result;
nu it str;ick me that they didn t go deep enough.
Séeerills lunny that the line drawn by the county
:‘08anstg1ldt(}:1l.1t the Willett farm, and presumed.
fl? th 9 9 6}‘ property on this Side of»it, off
i-om he oil field. Of course the oil must end
_3°meW,e1_'€. but still I in not satisﬁed that there
'5ix‘::l’t911 "1 my ground. I_’ve talked to Mr. Flynn
1} £13, and he hasproriiised to look into the hr. .
ingaril are the derrick is at the first chance. If .
bout h e_m°“€Y to pay for_ the labor I'd think
$1‘ ’ aving that _hole_ continued further’ down.
eres a_. fortune in oil, and I'd like to have a
share of it.” ~
,.:;:*.:;<::'s! smt SW2:  °‘.‘.,«‘'''* W on e
, eiinie wi ar 1 V
“Would you be real glad, fe’iinie‘.'Bg eyes.
_ “You know I would. I
in ‘t;le worldl;’e’l ‘
‘ really ieve you have some interest in me.” .
“Of course I have. Wh
“I'm glad to llfrit.

 

want to see you get.u1j' '

shouldn’t I?" _
ell, if oil was discﬂ-‘

  

 8

ered onmy property, why shouldn’t it be on your
mother’s too?”

“It would seem as if it should.”

“The Willett farm is no good to me as it stands.
There’s no money in farming, anyway, and if
there was I haven’t any liking‘ for the occupa-
tion. I'm thoroughly interested in the oil indus-
try. If I had the money to spare I'd buy stock
in the new Jumbo Oil Company, where I am
working. It is selling at 25 cents. Six months

from now it may be selling for ten to twenty
times that price. Look at the Lucinda, the pro-
motion stock of which sold at from _ten cents
to‘ twenty-five cents a share. They» say it is
worth fifteen dollars now, and you couldn’t get
it at that because of the big monthly dividends
aid on it. Why, Jim Butler, the manager, draws
000 a year out of it, besides his salary, and
the president and some of the other officers get
more than that. It makes a fellow’s mouth water
to think of the money that's in oiL _ ‘
‘ Tom thoughts were undoubtedly wrapt up in
oil. When talking with Fllyun the subject was
nearly always oil, and latterly about the ossi-
bility of the presence of the ﬂuid on the illett
farm, as he had always called the property. He
hadeven dreamed of oil, but it was usually in
connection with the farm.

He had visions of unlimited wealth within his
grasp, and saw himself as a second Monte Cristo,
but only to awake in the morning to find him-
self still just a common well-borer. .

“Will I.ever realize the dream of my life?” he
asked himself a score of times, as he gazed in
the direction of the towering derricks of the
Lucinda claim.

On Sundays and on days when he was not busy
with Flynn he would stalk around the Willett
farm, looldng at the abandoned holes, left by
the El Capitan, people, and wonder if they really
re resented a frui ess hope.

e hole at the derrick always attracted him
I mtiwarly because he had heard that the report
once gone out that oil had been struck there.
~ The-rumor was evidently premature,~since noth-
' had come of it. /
* m%ne fine morning early in November Tom was
standing by the derrick dreaming castles in the
\ air, when he heard footsteps behind him. He
, ‘turned his head lazily and found himself face to
face with the last two men on earth he expected to
see in that neighborhood again—Red O‘Connor
and Sandy Sadler.

They seemed to enjoy the surprise their pres-
enee had ’Fiven him.

- “Well, om ,Cobb,_we meet again,” said O’Con-

‘-I . norwith an igly grin.
f’ v ‘£You two have nerve to -show
this vicinity after what you have

ourselves _ in‘
one," replied

the dung well-borer. _
 “ erve is our strong point,” chuckled Sadler.
 -‘ “Is it? You didn’t show any superabundance

. of it.the night I had you under Mr. Willett's
revolver. You skipped and left your partner to
face the music alone. If I were you I wouldn't
, talk about your nerve." , ”
_“I don’t want to hear any of your back talk,

. V  Sadler crustily. _ y -
, = chaps of your stamp don't hire to hear
W H’

 

0.
truth.
“You spoiled our job that night, Tom Cobb,”
 O'Connor, “and we've had it in for you ever

   
      
  

A STROKE OF LUCK

since. I think I told you we'd get square with
you, and that is what we‘propose to do now.”

The speaker's attitude and words were menac- ' ‘N I’

mg and Tom began to feel uneasy.

As far as he knew he was alone on the property,
and the derrick was some distance even from the
house, and that was locked up. \'

Either of these rascals was physically more
than a match for him, while both together would
surely have him dead to rights if they laid their
hands on him.

Flight was his only chance to save himself,
and he was satsfied he could outrun them. He
turned quickly and made a dash for the road.
The dash, however, was nipped in the bud by the
hole under the derrick. One of his legs slipped
into it and down he went on his face.
he could get _up the rascals were upon him and
had pinned him to the ground helpless.

“So you thought you would give us leg bail,
eh? said O’Connor with a short, wicked laugh.

Thats where you slipped up. Get a rope out
of the shed yonder. Sadler and we'll fix this
smart aleck for keeps.”

O’Connor sat on Tom and held him down while
Sadler went for the rope. Sadler returned in a
couple of minutes with several short ieces of
rope, with which the rascals proceed to bind
him securely. , '

They propped  up against the derrick and
surveyed him with every evidence of satisfac-
tion.

_Tom wondered what they were going to do with

im.
“Sandy, take his handkerchief out of his pocket
and gag him. I don't know that any one would
hear him anyway, if he yelled, but it is best to
be on the safe side,” said O’Connor.

Accordingly Sadler gagged Tom in no very
gentle way. Then the two rascals lit their pipes,
and, walking a few feet away, began to fi re
on the best way to settle their _score with the y.
A long rope hanging from the top of the derrick
was flapping against the side of the structure.

The moment O’Connor spied it he grinned sar-
donically. “See that rope, Sandy?” he said.

“I’d be blind if I didn't," replied his companion. .

“We’ll tie a nice heavy stone around Cobb’s
legs so as to steady them, then we'll hoist him
up near the top~of the derrick and leave him
to swing there until somebody comes this way and
lets him down,” said O'Connor.

“S'pose nobody comes?”

“Then he’ll swing till we come back tn-mom-ow
and let him go.” »

“Suppose the rope should break?”

“Then he'd come down with a run."

“And break his neck?” ‘

“Well, what do we care?”

“It would be murder.”

“No, it would be an accident.” -‘

Sandy, after some hesitation, agreed to help
put the plan through, so O'Connor climbed up
the derrick and freed the rope.

Then he tested, it to see how stron it was.

. Finding that it appeared to be so id enough
to sustain his own weight, he had no doubt i
would hold the boy twenty-four hours easil_
enough. 2 —
A stone of some weight was securely tied to

Tom's feet, then the end of the derrick nope

Before ’

i‘ .

. n
’ .

-4".

 

 

  

A STROKE or LUCK ’ 9

waomade fast to the boy’s' arms, and were tied
behind his back. _ _
“We're ing to give you a rise in the world,”
chgyckled "Connor. to 1.,“ to th to f
es, eregoing i youup e po
the derriyck and_leave you there for the crows
to look at,” put in_ Sadler. _ _
“You'll have a fine and uninterrupted view of
. . the farm as you swing around back and forth,”
. ‘ O'Connor. ’ _
“Pleny of fresh air to feast your lungs on, ’ said

_ _ While the were speaking two forms appeared

‘behind the coming toward the derrick.
~ They were Tom Flynn and Jennie Dean. The
barn being between them and the derrick they
‘did not see what was going on. _Neither did
Tom nor the two rascals observe their approach.
“You might as well say your prayers while you
. are up-there, for if the rope breaks we wont
—~ be responsible for the consequences,” said 0 Con-
/- mgliope you had a good breakfast, for you won’t
‘ get nothing to eat for some time,” chipped in

Evidently they enjoyed the satisfaction of tan-
tantalizing him——playing with him like a cat does
 with a mouse. _ ,
~ “That stone hanging to your feet is likely to get
39 hyaivier, the longer you are up there, chuckled
Connor. -
“Perhaps the crows will peck it loose fro
you,” haw-hawed Sadler. ~
At length they tired of further talk.
_w,_ .. He and Sandy hoisted the unfortunate Tom off
‘ his feet. _
At that moment Flynn and Jennie came upon
’ the scene. _ _
. un for help. Jemllea" Whispered Flynn: ‘md
the girl darted away.

; ,_ CHAPTER VII.—0ut of One Trouble and Into
iv Another

- Flynn watched, from the shadow of the ‘barn.
—~* O’Connor and Sadler hoist T0115 C0l>b_“P 1115139

- , the derrick until they had raised him almost
, .. as high as the rope would permit, when they
-‘-‘r  the end of the rope fast to one of the up-

ttswas not without considerable astonishment
he had recognized the two rascals.

 

He would have dashed in single-handed to the.

 rescue of Tom when he first saw what the two

. leoundrels were about, only he was afraid that
‘hath would drop the rope to defend themselves

1 .“fJ’ “ga:lh§g?f;:u.addmmmg some
 to the 'suspended boy. 23:6 90k-

W : fun at his helpless situation, put their P11‘-'95
..;   pockets and walked away. linn took
 tosliparoundgebarnandtoeepthe
"  ' f§ndt'1;Ihe;n- Aﬁﬁzwhgg
§3;”}t aumumw 0'" elglynn rylked to the
£2 V’ unloosaned the rope and lovered T0131
‘ ‘?a::ls'liad ininice ﬁx.'l‘om.”

    

 

i'&Cbidrin6’_ll€r

\r. ,,

    
 

emoved the gag from '

"Thanks, Mr.,Flyim. You didn't reach these
diggings a moment too soon.
villains tied to my feet made me so heavy that
the rope almost pulled my arms out of joint.

The torture of hanging up there for even an ..

hour I believe would have driven me out of my
head. I don’t, believe they could have realized the
ordeal they were putting me through or they
wouldn't have walked off and left me to my fate.”

“They didn't care what you suffered. They
were looking for revenge.” —

-“Thanks to you they got left and I escaped
a tough experience,” replied Tom.

While they were talking Flynn was cutting
the boy loose from his bonds and relieving him
of the stone.

“The police must be notified of the return of ».
those rascals,” said the boss driller. “The sooner
they’re put behind bars the better.”

Flynn was curious to know how O'Connor and
Sadler had captured Tom, so the boy told him how
they had come upon him unaware while‘ he was
standing beside the derrick, and how his mishap
of stepping into the hole had placed him in their
power.

“Did they intend to leave you suspended indefi-
nitely?” _

“I couldn't tell you whether that was their
intention or not. Under ordinary circumstances

there wasn't any chance in fifty of anybody com- .

ing this way and releasing me, so if they meant
to leave me up there I guess the‘ wouldn't have
geen much life in me by tomorro morning,” said

om. . .

“It’s a worse outrage than their attack on the
old hermit. They must be captured and made
to suffer for it.”

About this time Jennie arrived with ‘her
mother’s hired man, armed with a revolver, but
his services were not needed now.

After Tom had told his story over again for
the benefit of the girl and the hired man the lat-
ter went back to his work on the Dean farm an
Jennie remained with Tom and Flynn. '

"Jennie said I'd find you over here at the
derrick, and she concluded to come along with
me, that’s how it happens that we came here
in time to relieve you from your predicament.”
said) glynn. t to bo

“ i you wan see me a ut an i e-
cial?” asked the boy. yth ng Sp

“Well, as I had nothing particular on my hands
I thought I'd take a look at the holes bored by
the El Capitan people. ’They did most of the
work before I came to this neighborhood and \
finished up while I was working for the Lb-4
cinda Oil Company.” ‘

“I wonder how the report got out that they’
struck oil in this spot when it is evident they
didn’t?” said Tom. .

“I couldn't tell you. There might have been.
some favorable indications that failed to pan out,"
replied Flynn. »

The boss driller looked at the hole and at the
top layer of debris that had come out of it.‘

“I’d have to do a bit of drilling at the  _
before I could say whether there was any likeh-
hood of oil being down there or ” hesaidz

“.1: 1 could afford to pay for e work I'd ;

have it done,” replied Tom. .
“It wouldn't cost so much maybe to make an.
experimental test. After we 

I4 ‘

That stone those V '

s

   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 

v.”tlie hole the..Caliope Company begins in a day
vim‘-two I'll‘ seewhat I can do for you. It would
a. great thing for you if oil was found here.”
‘ _ “You bet it would. If you will try and help
, .me_oi‘it and anything comes of it I'll see that
-“you get an interest in the results,” said Tom.

{I r'!.‘he three then left the derrick and walked back
.'to_the Dean far-mhouse.M,'Fl n said he'd tele-

g:g‘no‘the' police in town a ut O’Connor and
. er on; his way home.
_ -“H1-tell them how the rascals treated you, and
.1 that as long as they are at large their presence

«is a menace to the community," concluded the
':.’A~1t¢r dinner Tom and Jennie, having nothing
habtlrto occupy their time, started on a walk
upjhe road. Before they had gone far they
not Chip Sadler and a crony of his coming along.
C_liip‘1gave a gasp when he saw Tom. The young
rasea

   
  
    
  
     
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
     
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
    
   
  
      
    
    
     
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
  

av ﬁtle while before, and ‘they told. him how
9, ’ had treated the young well—borer.
_  __ was delighted‘ with the information,— for
-élio» _ Tom more than ever since the accidental
Inwnding of his" leg, which he was sure Tom had
done on rpose, and was not the_least bit grate-
gfydvlor ‘e othefs silence on a matter that would
",&\.lan ' in jail. He had hunted up his
  O'Brien, who was a youth after
Btrowii heart, and it was the intention of the
to yisit the vicinity of the derrick and en-
"stirs uncomfortable predicament they expected
ﬁnd.1‘ou in. .
 they met the boy walking with Jennie
 as cheerful as if nothing of any
' haddliappened toliim that morning, they
y.-Surprised andgrievously disappoint-
ed. _ VP’: curiosity was excited as to how Tom

I nsinagod to esea h fate.
"Hello!" he said in hi? usual ‘disagreeable
I o “How is it you are around ei-e'."’ - d
roa

objection to me using the coun

shmctime as yoursell?” aughed To good-

, ‘,b‘utlI thought ou was somewhere else?”
else?” asked ‘om. '

' Chi  not to say 'ust where he had
gong! -to ‘find the young wel -borer, so he mere-

 and then winked at his com-
; ' who ' ed

an .
‘and’ Jgnie then passed on, leaving Chip
 how the former had got out of his
2. The two oung people walked up the
. lt. from e road‘. It was a sunshiny
. v with scarcely a cloud in the sky. The
warm and clear as a bell. An extensive
:-’ «a good part of the hill, which had

rise. easy to walk. ’
 as‘1‘oni had been in that neighborhood
' never visited that wood. He decided to
today with his fair companion. They
sagidgh pathway leading in among the
1 ' J it, were soon out of ’the irect
%';ﬂIt.8WB'. lt‘ was not at all dark in that
s  .101’ the sunshine sifted through
‘audiences. Jgﬁ I‘-£0! 
“ "  . ough _ coming

  

  
 

  
 
  

   
 
 
  

had seen his father and Red O'Connor *-

both treated me

my

4 ' \»':

A STROKE IOF _ LUCK

“I’m not stuck on exploring a wood as a gen.
91'?” thing." said _Tom. “I thought we'd come
glgéxzurvégtyu to-day Jui-it tfor _a cihange. dl-Iere’s a’

_ e spo. ‘e s sit own an rest a
while, not that I'm tired, but you might be after
our three-mile walk.”
th;‘C;}ii;1I don't get tired as easily as that,” laughed

‘£This dell is adapted for at least two purposes
—-—_ or _a poet to come and connect with rural in-
SP!l'9-@1011. or _for two persons like us to come and
:1e£:’l;em1o1\)rettwithout giuchnfear of having a third

u in on em.

“Make love!” cried Jennie, with a blush. “What”
a ridiculous idea!”
it,‘s"1;ll}éeyc§1:;y ever-yb<;d’y does it some time, whether

1 us or no . ‘ »

::Do they?” she asked innocently.

Dont you think it’s nice to have somebody
you like make love to you?”

“Dear me, I don't know.

make love to me _, I never had any one

“Why. I've been trying to do that ever since ‘ ’

I game to live at your house.” »’
You have?” she replied coquettishly.
sure I wasn t aware of the fact." M
“Oh,__come now, you know I think a whole lot
of“yYo(i)i. S8 d ,
» u ou 0. ’ .
::And I ishgan it. Don't you believe my wbrd?"l_,
Why, yes, I wouldnt think of doubting any
statement ou make.”
°f“nV;l:e'l,l, Id likgqrto know how much you think"

ﬁrm

ﬂWhy?II ‘ ye» '

A

::Because I'm interested in finding out.”

Dont you know already?" she asked. looking.
at her 'fingers clasped in her lap.

“If I did it wouldn't be necessary
ask you. Come, tell me." . .
* Qne mus_tn’t tell everything one thinks.” she
replied evasively.

for me to._

' “But I want you to tell me that," he said coax-, "A _

ingly.

“And suppose I won't tell
answered, with a sidelong g
cinated him.

you, what then,” she
ance that quite {as-

“If you won’t I suppose'I can't make you," re

plied Tom, a bit disappointed.
im'ie\;<c>‘\,i”l;gc;wSaiii‘\jother and ‘I like you very much

“I take it for granted that you do, for
better than most peop

you have
8 would.
I'm grateful, too, and would do a whole lot for’

your mother. As for yourself, I think there in’: . 2"

anything too good for you."
“My, -what a compliment!" ‘ ‘
- “I don't call it a compliment. I think you’re*5
the nicest little girl in the world. .I believe
have told you that before, and expect to» keep right

.3

on telling you the same thing indeﬁnitely," ‘lid "

'I,‘om.earnestly. , . '~ . . _
‘ “.011, there are a lot of nicer girls than mejip
the world. Ever so much prettier a?,id—-."__ .
_“'1'here may be prettier; but not to lunch
Nicer I'll wear they not. They couIdn*§'
“Dear me. you are -trying to inane use

ai~en’t you?” . .
 of . me_.,doin'g ﬂint.’

 
  

   

“Nae mus}; ;
 sensﬂe,” ’

 

.; .. Aln..\'fx“‘L s.",i*;:."...‘ ........:. _

 

u k .
- Irma‘-u-.4:

x

““.';i§:"i9Al.' Hi.

  

A STROKE

1 to have of me. If anybody heard you now they’d
. think you were trying to--"
“They wouldn’t_ think 1 was trying to do any-
, thing but tell the truth,” he interrupted. “How-
ever, there’s nobody around here to overhear
what I'm saying.”
.; “That's where you’re mistaken, Tom Cobb,”
 hs:id'a hoarse ‘voice behind them. “Haw, Jiaw,
1‘. W."
 Tom and Jennie sprang up from the fallen tree
; on which they were sitting and turned around to
_ , look at the intruder, whose voice the boy instinc-
.tively recognized.
-.., Their startled eyes rested on Red O’Connor and,
i Sandy Sadler, each holding a stout tree limb in
his hand and looking particularly wicked.

3 CHAPTER VIII.——Ho57u Nerve and Pluck Wins
t. ‘

E. “Well, what do you chaps want?” asked Toni
. in ‘a resolute tone. i ,

 “For one thing we want to know how you got

‘  down from the top of the derrick,”.i-eplied O'Con-

' nor.

‘ “Iffyou’d stayed around a ‘while longer you
would have found out.” v
"‘As we didn't stay we'd ‘like you to tell us."

7 “I've got no breath tonwaste on a couple of
 cowardly rascals like you, answered Tom pluck-

 

 

 7 “Oh-, _you ain't," snarled O'Connor savagely.
“Perhaps you think you'll need it before we get

. vthrougli with you. We've got in our power
_ again, so what's to stop us f in cracking your

 we choose to do it?" _ _

* on might ﬁnd out if you try it on,”_said
Tom coolly, placing one foot on the log and
' signiﬁcant movement toward his right
at the same time looking the rascal

in the eyie. _ _ ,
tout!" cned Sadler in a warning tone.
a gun. ' '
e » Tonia plucky behavior and the possiblilty that
‘he really might be armed diaconcerted O'Connor.
' helped you out of the scrape we left you
asked, sparring f

 
   
 
  
   
 
 

   

‘ y or time. ‘

 ynn did, if you want to know real 
."How long did you hang before he saw you?
enough for you two to get out of sight

replied 0"Connor, with a smoth-

was long 1) to suit me._ If I'd hill}!
Isl asyou mdoubtmtendedygud
  y had a murder to answer for.
n't reckon_anybody would have known we
' it if ou-had turned up W1‘ W08-
out 0 that so easily we have to
There’s more than one

than one way of gutting
mIt_of busines8."‘1'eD1led 0111-
.: Toni .§is§‘§" ﬁuhcili 3:‘ "‘;‘;m“2‘il§.2
.  pod ﬁkea ﬂash, _a the‘ blow
, throﬂugh the aut.~_ » A over

. ‘K

          
 
  

  

    

    

  
   

  

the V

 

OF LUCK 11

edge of the stump and jarring him pretty.consid-
erably. Tom took advantage of the chance to
snatch the club from his hand. Then springing
over the stump he rushed like a whirlwind at
sadler. That rascal, taken by surprise, tried to,
defend himself. The effort was a failure,‘for
Tom meant business. .»
h Whack! His club dashed Sandy's from his

and. ,
Crack! The second blow caught Sadler on the .
arm and brought a howl of pain and manyiims
precations from his lips. As Tom raised his
weapon to repeat the performance Sadler turned
around andskidooed as fast as he could, leaving
his companion to fight it out by himself. ‘ " ’
Tom picked up his club, and rejoining Jennie,
who had been watching the course of events with -V
her heart in her mouth, handed the stout‘ weapon

to her.
picked himself up and stood -

O'Connor had
scowling at them. ‘ , .

“Come, Jennie," said the boy, “we'd better get "' 
away while the chance is ours. Goodby, 311;, V
O’Connor. When next I see you and our~friead“'
I hope it will be in the hands of the po ' ”

The rascal shook his ﬁst at the brave  1* y .:

“We’ll.ﬁx you yet, Tom Cobb}! he roared» Ant .- .1‘ 
we'll do it for keeps, too." - ..  ~ ‘ ' ~

“Oh, dear, what a dreadful man!” said Jennie, .
as Tom hurried her from the dell. ‘VI was 3 . ,
frightened because I feared they were  ‘ ’

injure you.” .
goodcbluﬂ’, and O'Connor 

“_It ut up a pret _
spoil - their chances y tripping over that log." ,
them the way

“You were very brave to face
you did.” I I ‘ 
_ "That's the only way to act ut on a bold trout g
in the face of danger. If J, looked 
e in no time. the

': ’.

  

  
     
    
     

t‘liiey Eouldl hﬁigg captured
' a at ' ‘  
‘sine. from i..cu‘a‘n§°l.‘is'“..’s.L"cs.i"e.’ .;,;."°"°§§.“’.'. i i a
cowardly brute, and his son Chip is very loud: 
like him." 1 V
Th h 'ed' 1' fast th ' '
until ftheyugl cleaagngf atlsie wooas whee: theymnufx
comparativel safe from the enemy. . . n 
‘.‘£h;1'e’3 iglng vﬁith a) basket on his aun,’°.. 
sai om. " ' ' f ‘
fatéhheir and Oilconnor." es “Wing cod $07“. 
P SEW 91!! Ipproachi and h hismad is"
down has it he was looking ‘gr sometxhngig on ﬂip , V‘
grou 2  * :
“Where are you going with that basket,  ~'”
youth sourly. p 
mo full of grub for your’ father 
inxtotakeyouinwithyourfatherand

asked Tom.
“I su pose it's
r
Chip looked une . 
chuckled Tom.  if

   
  
        
     
 

“What business is that of yours?‘ 
Red 0’ 9"
asy . .“
“Look out that you don't ﬁnd the police

 
 

      
      
    
 

   
 

te1313?3.;°.1;».§f‘§Z:tiii'i§5s‘ ‘§§.§3‘;’§§ §.'.".§"3..:. , 

“ ° t” to took blame
snarlgg theuyouxtha. ge‘t_ ’ \ up’ -4 
I y:a‘nh’:dm:;>:§Lgr:e:ed  ~

‘enﬁnrfumz, V1‘hat's‘£u .. I_i_na.' 

   
 

 , to-day,” he said to Jennie.

,»fact,
said

* (gfor opportunities that

 

12'

you were watching while your father and Red
were doing up old Mr. Willet .”

“I wasn't watchin’,” growled Chip.

“You were in the house, at any rate. You
tried to queer me when I was defendin myself.
I could -have you pulled in any time or it, so
you'd better behave yourself."

“If the perlice are up yonder I ain't goin'
there, bet your life,” said Chip, starting back the
way he came. '

Tom laughed.

“Sadler ‘and O'Connor are likely to go hungry
“It will serve them
right. I’d have been half starved at the top of
tlliat derrick onl}. that you and Mr. Flynn came
a. on .” -

When they reached home Tom found that Flynn
had been at the house with a letter that had come
for him. It was postmarked Los Angeles, and
the boy wondered who had written him from that

town.

“Maybe it's from Mr. Willett,” suggested
Jennie. »

. “That's so. I didn't think of him.”

Tom tore the envehope open, and when he pulled
out the enclosure he discovered a bank draft in
it for.$1,000. .The letter was not from Mr. Wil-
Iett, but from a lawyer- He stated that the
hermit was dead. and before he died he had in-
ltructed him to forward the enclosed sum of
money to Tom Cobb. That was all. _

“He doesn’tvstate when the old man died. not-
what was the cause of his death. Nothing, in
Tbut the bare statement about the money,”

om.

“Poor old man!” said Mrs. Dean. “I didn't
think he'd live much longer. He was greatly

after that attack by those two rascals.
I'm sure he never
felt all right when I s Angeles.”

“Well, he's treated me pretty good. Left me
his farm, and now $1,000 in money. I shall always
aemember him with respect and gratitude,” said

om.

After supper Tom sat out on the front veranda
facing the road and thought how he would use
that money.

“I shall use all of it if necessary to try and
ﬁnd oil on my property,” he said to himself.
“Somehow or another I feel sure there's oil there.
I couldn’t explain just why I think so, but_I do.
Kind of feel it in my bones. There's a pile of
money in oil these days, if you can get enough
of’ it out of the ground. The Lucinda is a r -
ular bonanza. If owned 100 shares of that stoc

e left here for

‘ I'd'be pretty well ﬁxed. One of these days may-
-be there’ll be the Willett Oil Coin any, with
‘Thomas Cobb’ president and,

era manager.
That would sound pretty . Then perhaps
some enterprising newspaper would send for my
photo to use with a gra hie story telling how a
r young’ well-borer ame an oil magnate.

's is certainly the greatest country in the world
ead to success. The

woods are full of poor boys who ‘have risen to
riches and notoriet . I'd like to Join the bunch.”
‘When he met F n next day Tom told him

I about his legacy of 1,000.

“Now I have the funds to‘ pay you for under-.
taking a test of the derrick hole at least. I want

  was it at the ﬁrst chance you have.” the

. v.,~

1; over it, thou he said he _

seemed to give him great satisfaction.

A STROKE OF LUCK .

_ “I certainly will. I am very much interested
in the idea of getting oil out of your property,
and will do my best to reach-that satisfactory
result if it is possible to do it. You must not be
too sanguine, however. Tom, for as things stand
the chances look against it.” '

“If I had $_10,00(_l instead of $1,000 I’d spend
every cent of it trying to strike oil on the Willett
farm,” said Tom resolutely.

“Well, I _wish you eveiy success, Tom,” said
the boss driller, and there the matter rested for
the present.

CHAPTER IX.-Flynn Discovers _the Indications
of Oil on the Willett Farm. '

True to his promise, as soon as the Caliope hole
was ﬁnished and shot, producing rather unsatis-
factory results, by the bye, Tim Flynn brought his
ropes, drills and other paraphernalia to the Wil-
lett farm to have a go at the neglected hole under
the derrick. He agreed to make his experiments
for Tom at cost price, or the bare value of the
labor. Tom never worked harder or more eagerly
than when he tackled this job on his own prop-
erty. although he tried to look at the matter
in a philosophical light and prepare himself for
adverse results, sﬁll he felt that it would be a
bitter disappointment to him if no indication of
oil was "found. _

Nothing came of the first two days’ work, al-
though the hole was as deep as the gushers on

, the Lucindagclaim.

Flynn was constantly examining the stuff that

came to the surface in order to ﬁnd out what .

kind of rock the drill was penetrati .- On the
morning of the third day the ss riller sud-
denly became intensely intereste in a contribu-
tion from below that came up. He made fresh
examinations every little while, and the result
When
the time came to knock off work for dinner Flynn
took Tom aside.

“I've got good news for you, my boy," he said.

“What is it?”

“We’ve struck oil-bearing‘ rock to a dead cer-
tainty. It won't do to go any further at present.

There's oil down there as sure as e are '
I

and if it was to spout of its‘ own accord it would
go to waste, for you haven’t even a single tank
to store it in. You must interest some capitalist,
‘or form a company and put the promotion shares
on the market at a low ﬁgure so as to raise the
funds necessary to build a couple of tanks large
enough to hold at least 500 barrels each."

“I don't know anythiilig about forming a com-' '

pany," replied Tom. “ I were to try and in-
terest acapitalist I’m afraid he'd want the lion's
share of the proﬁts."

“Take a trip to Los Angeles and have a talk" '

with some reliable promoter. He'll give you all
the informations about forming a coinﬁiany that
you need, and he'll tell you what it wi cost

you
for him to put the stock on the market. Prob-.

ably you'll have to give up half the receipts, but
you've got to have money . fore you can make
any further move. The simplest and least proﬁt-
ab e move for you to make_would be to lease

oil rights. I wouldn’t advise you to do an ’

4

like that. for vou have this well all re v  

 

  Mrs. De

A STROKE OF LUCK

operation, and all that is needed to make it ﬂow
is the services’ of a ‘shooter.’ ”

“I won't lease my rights. I’ll go to Los Angeles «

and see what I can find out and then I’ll decide
,what I’ll do,” replied Tom.

. Jennie and her mother were delighted when
Tom returned to dinner and reported that Flynn

"' had announced in an authoritative way that there

was oil under the derrick well. _ _ _
_ "‘lYou’ll soon be a rich boy,” said the girl smil-
m .
. gyhope so. ’ You want to keep solid with me
now, and maybe some day I'll inake_a rich girl
of you.” x
. Jennie blushed, for she knew what Tom meant.
also understood the boy's remark.
_ and she had no objection to matters taking that
turn, for there was nobody she would sooner trust
her daugl_iter’s happiness to than Tom Cobb.

— Flynn did not resume work at the derrick that
afternoon, but ‘locked his paraphernalia _up in
Tom’s barn until he was ready to employ it else-
where. In a day or two Tom packed his grip
and started for Los Angeles. -

He put up at a cheap hotel and -then began
making inquiries for the oﬂice of a good promoter.
The woods were full of such men, but to secure
the services of a thoroughly reliable man or firm
was not an easy matter for _the boy. However,
he was a ‘shrewd lad, and it was not easy to
hoodwink him‘. He made his inquiries only of the
most reliable people, and was directed to a re-
sponsible ﬁrm. Securing an interview with the
head of the ﬁrm he stated his case clearly and to

we the point. The firm’s terms were $1,000 down_~as
~ a kind of retaining fee and evidence of good faith.

“live got nearly $_1,000,” replied the boy, “but
I'don't care to put it all up. I’ll need some of
the money for my personal uses. Can’t you re-
duce’ your terms to suit my case?” _

I The gentleman pondered a few minutes. .

’ “You say you can prove that there is oil on
your property. and that you have a well already
bored?” he said. '

“Yes, sir.” _ _

_ “Very well. If you are willing to pay the ex-
'penses of one of my representatives to go to your
place to examine the deﬁniteness of your claim _I

° will take your case under advisement. Upon his
‘  report I'll fi re what, if anything, we can do for
. you. Shoul his statement warrant our takin
‘ "u with you I will furnish you with a genera
. i ea of what will have to be done, and the azerage

cost of putting such a programme through.
.. “I agree to that, sir. How much shall you
want?"

The promoter stated a moderate sum and Tom

handed it to him, taking his receipt for the money.

"You can return home now_,” said_the gentle-

man. “In a few days you will receive_a letter
‘I;-om me stating when you ma! eXP€¢t t0 “W9
1'. visit from the man I shall send.” _
' ’ That ended the interview and _Tom left his
; y _ Next morning he took a train for Visalia,
rand shortly. afterward reached the _Dean farm,
‘ I his return was hailed with_ dehg_ht by Jen-
ﬁﬁlwho  beheeen lonespme’g;i‘i;in‘gh hi; absence.
_, _ennie as n mopinga e 0088 ever
Layne you went away,” said Mrs. Dean at the

‘Another, what a .515!" exclaiined_the girl;
_ '_like-j-a rose.’ ‘.‘You know that isn’t so.

 
   
  
    
  

 

  
  

for Drum

  

13

“So you missed me, did you, Jennie?" said
Tom in a tone of satisfaction.

“Of course I missed you some. So did mother,”
she answered.

“You missed me some, eh? How much?”

“Now you're trying to tease me.”

f‘I judge from what your mother said that you
missed me a whole lot. Come now, why not admit
the truth?”

“I’ve told you that mother and I both missed
you a great deal. Now I'm not going to say
another word about it.”

Tom laughed and Jennie’s mother smiled. They
formed a very happy little family that night, for
Tom was glad to be back, and they were glad to
have him. Two days later Tom received a letter

from the Los Angeles ﬁrm of promoters inform- ' I ‘

ing him that an expert in oil matters would reach
his property on a certain day, and would expect
to be in touch with whatever developments had
come to light. Tom showed the letter to Flynn,
and the boss driller promised to be on hand to
put him wise to the situation as it stood on the
Willett farm.

 

CHAPTER X.—-Formation of the Willett Oil
Company. v

In a few days the expert appeared on the scene,
and Tom called on Flynn to take him in hand an

enlighten him on the subject he came to inves- l

tigate. He took his dinner and supper at Mrs.
Dean's house, _and a room for the night was
placed at his disposal. When he had seen all he
considered necessary he had a long talk with Tom.

He told the boy that his report would be a
favorable one, as he was satisﬁed of the existence
of oil on his property. Next morning he departed
for Los Angeles._ Three days later a letter came
from the promoting ﬁrm asking Tom to come on
again, as the writer preferred to talk to him in
person instead of committing what he had to say

.19 P3931’-

So Tom made another visit to Los Angeles.
The promoter had a proposition to make to him.
He said he had spoken to a capitalist looking for

~ an investment and the man was willing to invest

in an oil company if assured of good returns. He

had other men on his list who were also looking
for oil investments. If Tom would put the mat-
ter in his hands he would form a company to
exploit his oil property. Tom said that he would
agree to nothing that would take the control of
matters out of his hands. ‘

“Of course,” replied the promoter, “I'll fix that '

all right. We'll capitalize the company at a
quarter of a million--that is, 250,000 sharesat
a par value of $1 a share. The company ‘

‘ give you 125,100 shares, or a controlling interest, ’

in return for the deed of the pro ' which will,
of course, convey everything.’ ﬁr. Iladford, the
capitalist, will take 50,000 shares at the cash
price of twenty—ﬁve cents, thus putting $12,500
into the treasury. I know half a dozen

persons whom I can interest to the extent 0.

$10,000 more to the working capital.. That

leave 34,900sharesinth treasurytobc ' A 
beatsomefiiturctime.  O‘

 
   

of if n _ ‘

    

 

 

other pi. .0 
40,000 shares, which at twenty-ﬁve cents,  ‘  —‘_ g

 LL’
and $2,023 ’when the company shall have been in-
corpo . ’ '

h“I l:ouldn’t be able to raise the $2,000,” said
t ,

e boy. -

“We will take your note for the amount, se-
cured by an assignment of your stock. You can
have a year to pay the note in. From the report
of my exipert I should judge that you will have
no diﬁicu ty whatever in meeting it even before

\ twelve months have gone by. 1: you_ accept our
oifer I will at once arrange ‘a meeting between
you and Mr. Radford, and afterwards he and you
can have an interview with the other persons
interested in oil.” . _

- “I will consider your Proposition and_let_you

v know tomorrow whether will take up with it or
notl,” replied Tom. _
1 he promoter nodded and the boy took his

' eave.

Tom immediately called‘ on a good lawyer _to
whom he had been recommended, and handing 
$100 as his fee, laid the case in all its bearings
before him. The lawyer advised him to take up
with the promoter’s plan.

“It’s a reliable ﬁrm and will treat you square. '

.4 I will accompany you to their oﬂice to-morrow
and see that your interests are legally protected.

V I will also be present when you meet Mr. Rad-

- ford. You had better arrange to have him call

at my oﬂice at a stated hour. In fact, at all
stages of this arrangement I will look after your
iiterests and make the charge as reasonable as
possible. Should you desire to have me act as
general attorney for the company I will make a
reduction in my bill _to you individually. Having
control of; the majority of_ the stock you will of
course elect yourself president, and as you are
inexperienced it wouldbe necessary for you to

= have an experienced person like myself to act as
’ - - your adviser and pass on all important matters
within the lines of your duty as head of the com-

pany-” ,

.  On the following morning Tom and the lawyer
 visited the prombter’s office and the initial ar-
' rangements were made for forming the Willett
Oil Company. Tom met the capitalist on the
following day and had a satisfactory interview
-, ' with him, the expert who had visited his property
.- ' being also present. _An informal meeting was
1 next held, to-which six other moneyed men were
invited. Between them 90,000 shares of stock,
the lawyer taking the 900, were subscribed for

at twenty-ﬁve cents a share. _ _
 ' The company was then formed pending incor-
,-~. ‘ ration, and the promoter instructed to go ahead.
om, the capitalist, the lawyer and one of the
 '» "others signed the application paper asking that
' the company be incorporated under the laws of
/ California. There being nothing further to de-
tain Tom in Los Angelcsjhe left for home. In
due time the company became a fact, and Tom
was called to Los Angelcs again to be present at

first regular mee n .

 ‘heron, Hr. Radford ang four of the other stock-
. holders were elected directors. The directors then
elected Thomas Cobb president, Mr. Radford
- treasurer, two of the others vicepi-esident and
-“:5 , and the lawyer was appointed the coin-
Tom was

   
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
  

manager. ‘He was an-
the, V “vs serviccaof Tim

A _STROl{E or LUQK

Flynn as his general assistant, at a salary satis-
factory to the boss driller.

An oﬂice was hired in the city which was to
be in charge of Mr. Radford, and Tom instructed
him to arrange for the immediate construction
of a 5,000-gallon tank to begin with. The capital-
ist decidea he would accompany the boy to the
oil district, take a look at the property and have
a talk with Flynn. He was not an expert in oil
himself, and had gone into the speculation on the
strength of the report of the promoter’s expert.

His visit to the property was merely to secure
the deed making the Willett farm over to the
company, and to take a look around and fam-
iliarize himself with matters which it was neces-
sary for him to know. '

'l‘oin invited him to stay at the Dean farm
during his visit, and he was hospitably received
by Mrs. Dean and her daughter, whom Toni had
advised by mail of his coming. Next day a con-
ference was held between Tom, Flynn and Mr.
Radford at the derrick well, and then he was
shown over the farm and the other borings point-
ed out to him. - Flynn pointed out the most suit-
able location for the first tank, and furnished
the capital with all the necessary information he
needed to go ahead with. Mr. Radford was then
taken around to the more important oil claims in
the neighborhood, and naturally he was particu-
larly interested in the Lucinda property, stock
of which company he had been trying for some
time in vain to purchase.

‘ Flynn was at this time engaged in boring a
second well on the Caliope claim. He would have
to give up any further work of this kind at the
end of his present contract, when his salary
would begin with Tom's company.

Mr. Radford was pleased to ﬁnd that he thor-
oughly understood all about the oil industry, and
was satisﬁed he was the most» valuable man the
company could have hired to look after its inter-
ests on the ground. ' .

The capitalist spent three days together in the
oil fields and then returned to Los Angeles to
start the ball rolling. v

As it would be some little time before the tank
could be completed ready for business, Tom set
about having the Willett farmhouse converted
into an oﬂice and general headquarters for the
coriiﬁany.

- ebamwasclearedoutsoastobeusedas
a storehouse for oil barrels, a number of which
were soon to be shipped to the property, and a
new stable was built to accommodate the teams
necessary to haul theproduct of the company to
the railroad. By the time all these things had
been ﬁnished ready for--use the tank arrived.with
a force of men to complete it and put it in posi-
tion. Tom secured a night watchman recom-
mended to him by Flynn, and he brought his wife
and family with him. The rooms in the farm-

house above the oﬁices were allotted to them, and ‘

they took possession at once. While the‘ tank was
being ﬁxed up 100 oil barrels arrived and were
stored in the barn. Although neither‘ Tom nor
Flynn had given out any information, the news
of the incorporation of the Willett Oil Company

and the preparation being made on the farm to V ,

_ business gave rise to a  
that oil indications had been discovered on tln » '
Property once owned by the dead hermit and vain-  __j’.
I

carry on the oil

exploited by the El Capitan company. «
. s , . .‘ \_. --

  

 

 A STROKE or LUCK

~ This caused a flutter of interest in the locality:
and visitors from the other claims frequently ap-
peared on the property and bombarded Tom with
questions. - _
He. maintained a non-committal attitude, an-
, swering directly only such'inqu_iries as hl5_ J11d8'
ment dictated. He-‘didn't believe that it was
prudent to tell anything more than he could ‘help,
as the affairs of the new company were still in an
embryo stage, and no one could as yet foresee
how successful things would turn out. At length
everything was in readiness to tap the derrick
well. Mr. Radford was notiﬁed and promised to
come out and see what the result would  He
had never seen a well shot and was curious to
witness the sight. One of the “shooters” who had
succeeded O’Connor and Sadler, W110. by the Way.
had not been caught by the police, W_3S Qnﬁaged
‘and promised to be on hand with his _I1ltl‘0g1Y‘
cerine and the apparatus connected with its use.

CHAPTER XI.—On the Eve 5: an on Strike.

The “shooter” was an Italian named Pietro
Zuccaro, and was _naturally an experienced man
at his calling. His vocation was altogether too
dangerous to be _followed_by any man 11011 W611
posted in every little detail. .

He kept his supply of nitroglyceririe f»01'Ped°eS»
which formed the main feature of his hazardous
trade, in a smdl, retired cave in the hills, the
location ifno which no one but himself was sup‘
posed to W. . .

As "a matter of fact no one had any curiosity
as to its situation as long as the? Were ,3S3_‘"'°d
it would not cause any serious damage if it by
accident blew up. ._When it was necessary for
Zuocaro to renew his stock of explosives he set
out in a red-painted spring wagon for the place
where he obtained it. _ _

Once he got his load in his vehicle he_ drove
.slowly and carefully, for. he knew he carried his
life in his hands He took_t.he most retired roads
when he could, and sometimes traveled at mght
when he had to follow roads where there was
much ti-aﬂic. _ .

Any driver seeing h1S_ well-known W380!» With
_the word “Torpedo painted in white letteljs 071
its red sides,_was careful to give him as Wide 3
a. berth as possible. It hap ed that the day be;
. ._ fore Zuccaro  engag to shoot the derric
r  well on the Wi_Ilett property  0 Connoré wan-
~ dering about In the woods with Saljldy 3d1§,1'v
; came across the cave where the Itahan hﬂfi 13
egcpljosives  Enlterainge vgashzﬁrredpzgglckﬁ
" erous oor secu . ’
‘ flinm red with the sign. ‘fl>ANGE13N"T°8‘Y‘
,'c:riue. KEEP AWAY!” in bi
" ‘inc two rascals stopped andnloo ed at the d°°1‘
and sign, ' “shooters themselves, they
easily  t this was the stoiéehouss
V heloniigjzo their successor in the oil ﬁel ﬁgdﬁn
fﬂggy no particular fear of the stuif 1 ea
..8way under the rocks. Just why ey 1111118 33°“
' , ' boi-hood when they knew they were
 y the police of the_ n81 115011118 WW“:
’~l.hd were liable to be recogized 1 some strag-
‘ . iirthe hills, could only  5,37 them’
'  they were sugiglied 1113‘-ll 100,4
Chip -Sidler, and sometimes _ 5! Wat“ 3”‘

  
   
  
  
 
      
  
  
 

r
5

 

white letters. -

15

home under cover of darkness and carried back
supplies with him. They had learned from Chip
that a new oil company had taken possession of
the Willet farm, and that there was great activity

_at the property under the direction of Tom Cobb,

who seemed to be the ruling spirit there.
The mention of Tom’s name had the same effect

on them that a red piece of cloth has on a fero- ‘

cious bull—it always angered them and,.made
them say things that wouldn’t look well in print,

It was not pleasant news for them to learn
that the boy they hated was getting up in the
world, and they chafed because they found no
chance to get back at him. As they stood looking
atﬁhe door of the nitroglycerine cave O’Connor
sai :

“We must manage to get hold of one or two of
them torpedoes, Sandy, and then try and ﬁnd
an openin’ to use the stuff on Tom Cobb. I'll
never rest satisﬁed till we've got square with him,
and the best way would be to send him to king-
dom come.”

“How can we reach them torpedoes? The door
is a stout one and the lock is strong enough to
resist a lot of tamperin’ with. It wouldn’t be
safe to try and smash’ it in, not knowin’ where
the torpedoes are stacked.”

O’Connor examined the lock carefully.

"I think we could cut enough of the wood away
to weaken the staple,” be said. I've a sharp
knife, so _I’m goin’ to try, and you can help me
out.

He set to work with a will, and though the

wood was hard he made good progess.

When he w tired Sandy too his place, and
continued w at he had started. They wiked
away steadily for more than an hour and ﬁnally
succeeded in getting the staple, with the lock
attached, out.

To open the door was then the work of a mo-
ment. Five minutes later they were walking
through the woods each with a torpedo in his
hands. When they reached their rendezvous,
more than a mile away,'they hid the torpedoes
where they were not likely to be molested, and
then they began to ii re on some murderous
plan for ending Tom obb’s young career.

Tom, little dreaming that his enemies were still
in the vicinity, and that they were conspirin to
do him up, was enjoying life as he never glad
before. He had reached the very pinnacle of his
ambition, and all that was wanting to make him
thoroughly happy was the sight of the crude oil
shooting out of the derrickho e in a volume suﬂi-
cient to promise proﬁtable results for the com-
pany of which he was the controlling factor.

“To—morrow,” he said to Jennie, “we shall know
whether things are coming our way or not. Mr.
Flynn says that there isn’t any doubt that the
nitroglycerine will bring up oil, but whether the
flow will meet our expectations or not he cannot
say, but he thinks from certain si us that it will.
Now, the Caliope Oil Company as three wells
much nearer the Lucinda than our placﬁ, and "yet
the results so far are unsatisfactory. . Flynn
says that is no criterion _to go by, as the oil
streak runs like gold and silver lodes, not always .
where on are expecting to find it. In his opin-

ion he lieves from the character of the oil rock '  
tslpeciinents that have come up with the drills that » ',
e

d ‘ck ell has struck th
that iesmmakgg fortunes for the Lucinda people. _

 

1

1

2
l

e same vein of oil" 

  
 

 ' the shooter has done his work. Mr.

. gatherin

      
 

16 . ' A STROKE OF LUCK

If that should prove true the Willett Oil Com-
pany will be right in it’ with both feet, and yours
lteruly will be on the road to a million, more or

ss.”

“I do hope that your expectations will be re-
alized, Tom,” said the girl earnestly.

“I can’t help feeling nervous over the matter,‘

because so much depends on what happens after

Radford
would beawfully disappointed if things failed to
pan out, and he is the principal owner of the stock
next to myself. Mr. Flynn's assurances have
raised his expectations to a high ‘pitch, and he
really does not look for anything short of abso-
lute success for the company.”

“Will
morrow? ’ Jennie asked.

“Sure. You and your mother can both come.
You can view operations from'the point where
Mr. Flynn, Mr. Radford and I will stand, out of
the danger zone, and yet near enough to see all
that isto be seen.”

“I've heard it is_a great_ si ht to see a well
spout for the ﬁrst time,” said t e girl. _

“It is when it's a well of the Lucinda caliber.
I've seen two of their wells shot and they spouted
like a mammoth whale, and kept it up ti brought
under control and piped to a tank," replied Tom.

“It will be wonderful if after the failure the El

,Capitan Oil Company made of the farin you
should make a rich strike out of one of their dis-
carded wells."

“Mr. Flynn said they_gave up on the very
threshold of success. Such things happen in other
industries besides oil. It isn't the man or the

“ company that starts the ball rolling that always ,

comes out ahead. There are hundreds of in-
stances on record where the man that came after
was the person who achieved results.”,

“The people who put money in the El Capitan
Oil Company will not be pleased to hear that an-
other company is making money where they
failed.” ‘ -«

“Sony, but the El Capitan bunch have had
their day. It is our innings now, and if the Wil-
lett farm should prove to be a second Lucinda I

_ don't see that they can make any kick. It was up

to them to strike oil while their leasewas in force.
It ran long‘ enough to give them every chance to
develop the matter. The trouble with the El
Capitan was, I have been told, lack of enough
funds to buck up against an apparently losing
game and turn defeat into victory."

Jennie’s mother called her at that moment and
die left Tom standing on the front porch in the
twilight. The boy didnt wait for-_ her

to come , but started over toward the Wil_Iett
u:larm to see the night watchman about something.
On his wa he noticed with some surprise two
gm-es slrulldng along ahead of him. He could
not imagine who they were, not what brought
ﬂiem there. He decided that it was_ his duty not
it lose ' t of them, since they might be upfto
nmer ' of mischief. It did not occur to im

_ ﬁat these men might be Red O'Connor and Sandy“
, Badler, for he be’

ieved that fear of capture by
ﬁe police had driven_ them out of the county.
the two men were aiming straight for the Will_ett
hnuhouse, and Tom followed as close behind

 y mas he dared without disclosing his presence.

they came in sight of the shadowy buildinl

   

ou take me over to see the well shot to- p

and saw lights shining from the upper vsindows,
they stopped. ,

“Chip never told us there were people livin’ in
that house,” said the voice of Red O'Connor. “We
can’t blow the blamed place up now.”

“I’d rather blow up from Cobb himself than his
property,”.r_eturiied Sadler, “Isn’t there some
way of enticing him from the Dean house, freezin’
on to him and carryin’ him oﬁ to some quiet spot
—-the derrickp for instance—and after tyin' him
to one of the uprights leave him with a torpedo
so ﬁxed that at a certain _time it would fall on a
stone, explode and wipe him of the earth?"

Tom was close enough to hear the foregoing
and to. identify the speakers. As he crouched
down in the shadow of some bushes his foot
turned on a stone and he uttered an involuntary
though subdued ejaculation of pain. O'Connor
and Sadler heard him, and feeling sure it was
some spy on their track, they made a sudden dash
back and grabbed him.

CHAPTER XII.—Face.to Face With Death.

“Strike a match, Sandy, and let's see who we've
got," said O'Connor.

Sandy ﬂashed a lucifer and both uttered excla-
mations of surprise and satisfaction when they
recognized their prisoner.

“So it's you, is it?” cried O'Connor exultantly.
“Followin’ us, I s'pose? I reckon we caught you
in time. We've been wantin' to &e you——haven't
we, Sandy?”

“We have," grinned Sadler.
you to turn up, sonny.”

“We ain't had no chance to meet you since that
time we parted in the woods,” put in O'Connor.
“Sai'i'dy thinks you didn't treat him right that

“Very obligin’ of

“Feel in his pockets and see if he has a gun,’
su gested Sadler.
’Connor felt of Tom's hip pocket‘ and found
nothing in the shape of a weapon. A
“No, he ain't heeled tonight. It wouldn't ha
done him no good if he was. It's too bad that he
hasn't a revolver, for it would come in handy for
us. Now I'll hold him while you gag him. We
don't want him shootin' his month off and bringin'
the people in the house down on us to see what’:
wrong."
Sandy Sadler covered Tom's mouth 
key’? handkerchief. Then they yanked ' on
is ee
“Pick up that torpedo, Sandy, and we'll take
this young gent over to the derrick and give him
a quisker rise in the world than we did with the

pe.

They forced Tom along between them till they
reached the derrick. '

“Now, Sandy, skirmish’ around for a piece of
rope for us to tie this chap with," said O Conn
by shed.

There was plenty of rope in the near-

the door of which was secured by a cheap hasp . .

and staple which Sadler broke open in no time.
Inside of a few minutes the two rascals had Ton
bound to the foot of one of the uprights «impol-
ing the derrick. O'Connor then threw a piece 11
line over the lower crosspiece, about four fed

pedo forw

 

W}. ‘ , '.‘.'.._ie 2.5"

= \$::

above the boy's head. Then he brought the too-_ -

 

 

  

“Know what this is, Tom Cobb?” he asked with
a grim chuckle, holding the torpedo up within a
" . couple of inches of the lad’s face. “It’s a torpedo
 full of nitroglycerine, same as is used for shootin'
~ a well. We’re goin’ to use this here one to give
; you a h'ist that’1l beat the one Molly gave the
3 cat-—eh, Sandy?” » -
= “I bet you," replied the other villain.

“It’s an easy way of going to kingdom come, for
you won't feel yourself goin’. I reckon ou won’t
know what struck you when it goes off, ’ laughed
the scoundrel. “This is what you get for buttin’

in on us at the farmhouse that night weeks ago, .

and for other things that have happened since.
We'll lump the hull in one bill‘ and give you a re-
eei t in full to date."

e knelt and- tied one end of the rope securely

to the can of nitroglyeerine. ..
“Hunt ‘around and get a nice, ﬂat rock, Sandy,”

_ he said. “You know what we want.”

; Sadler went oﬂ and was gone nearly ten min-

’_ utes, during which O'Connor amused himself with

the risoner, picturing the horror of his_coming

death by nitrbglycerine and assuring him that

— there wouldn't be enough left of him to ﬁll a
small box. Sandy fetched a good-sized ﬂat rock
back with him. I

V ‘That’: just the thing," said O'Connor. “The
can won't be able to miss it." ' .

The rascal climbed up to the cross-piece and
made a deep notch in it to hold the rope in place.
Then he hoisted the can to within a few inches
of the beam and made the end fast to the bottom
of the upright to which Tom was bound.

"Now," he said to the boy, “as things- stand,
that can would stay there till somebody came in

..the morninﬂand let you loose. As that wouldn't
suit us I'm goin’ to put a piece of candle down
on the ground, light it_ so that the ﬂame will
reach the rope and burn it away by degrees. When

. the re snaps the can will fall, strike the rock,
and 11 you can guess what’ll happen.” .

The rascal proceeded to put that diabolical plan
into execution, and the reader can imagine what
the feelings of Tom were as he realized the des-
Kerate6n-edicament in which he was placed. He
eard ’Connor strike a match. The rascal moved
the candle into the best position to do its fateful
work and then cried out ‘to Sadler:
“Shove the stone under the can and then we’ll

‘ o .
«v , . Sandy placed the rock in position, and then he
i. and O'Connor hurried oﬂ toward the road as fast
as they could go, leaving Tom face to face with a

i horrib e death. The be was bound hard and fast
1 to the upri ht, so that e couldn't make the least
i move to h p himself. The horror of his position
hurl? turned his brain, for he believed that it

won] only take a few minutes for the rope to

burn through and then nothing could save him.

.,Had he not been gagged he would have shouted
 ,1or he! on the possi ility of his voice.reaching
the nig t watchman, who might be walki about
outside the house. At that tense moment e sud-
y heard the voice of Jennie calling out,
. She had missed him from the porch and
A hired man told her he had seen Tom walking
 hward the Willett farm. She immediately walk-
ld over to the Willett farmhouse and asked the

rtchniirn if he had seen him. He replied that
had not. '

  
   
 
  
 
 
  
   

E

-5
‘.5.

A STROKE OF LUCK

17

“ “Maybe he went over to the derrick," she said.
_ He can think of nothing else but that well which
is going to be shot to-morrow. I'll walk over and
see if he's there. Should he come while I'm away
please tell him where I went.”

The _wa_tchman offered to accompany her, but
she said it wasn't necessary. He told her that
Toni wasn’t there half an hour since, as he was
looking around the derrick at that time himself.

He only left the house about half an hour
ago. she replied, “and probably he went direct
to stile derricléfg

e starte or the spot, hoping to meet Tom
there. When she made out the ghostly arms-and
legs of the derrick ahead of her she began to call
09'? $0 him. and it was her calls that 1- Tom
heard at the most fateful moment in ' young
career. As her voice came nearer he realized that
she was walking right into the same peril that
hung over his head. He could not bear the idea
that she, too, should be sacriﬁced, and he strug-
gled desperately with his bonds. He wanted’ to
warnher of the danger she was _a preaching, for-
getting that her very coming mi t be his salva-
tion. Eve moment he that the can of
mtroglycerine would fall and blow him and the
derrick into atoms. It happened, however, that
Providence had not overlooked him. A cunrentof
air close to the ground blew the candle ﬂame out
in a horizontal direction and kept it from the
rope. ‘Tom, however, was not aware of this fact,
and his nerves were strong to their highest ten.
sion as the seconds slipped away. The boy's strug-
gles amounted to nothing. He could neither warn
the girl nor cry out,for help.
came around the corner of the shed near where
the derrick reared its spindle shanks into the air.

“Tom! Are you here?” she cried again.

No answer came back to her, and she sto
go llook arouitiicli.

ic ering can e_ﬂame beside one of the u ri ht
legs of the derrick. At the same time sh‘; sgaw

At length Jennie‘ ‘

Her sharp eyes detected the “

the blurred outlines of Tom standihg boundto.

the same upright.
Wgrléom, is that you?" she asked, stepping for-
She saw the ﬁgure may" ' st
not a word came to her. Eli: lzlegaliimtgegl-voa¥’n}:;E
vous. Who could this person be at the derrick,
and what was he doing with the candle‘! If it
was Tom_he would surely have answered her,
therefore it must be some stranger. Her Iii-st iin.
Pulse was to turn and rush_back to the house to
ten the W8t¢hm3-!1- Something, however, seemed
'3‘? h°1d he!‘ *0 “N? SD0t_- She was a plucky little
Klflwtﬁnd not easily frightened.
speakwos there. she asked. “Why don't ‘you
_The ﬁgure continued to move in a squirming
kind of way that she could not understand. She
was satisﬁed that there was something wrong,
and almost expected to see the ﬁgure spring at
her._ Then she heard a muﬁled guttnral sound
coming from the person. The sky had been grow-

ing brighter behind her, and now above the dia- - ‘

tant trees the round full moon sailed slowly into»
\ view. A shaft of silvery light first struck the top,

of the derrick and then began to creep down-.

ward.

Its progress was ra ‘d ' the '1
watched it with staring eyes. pi and g"

She knew it would

soon throw the ﬁgure into relief and give her a , it 

better idea of the situation. At length she saw

 

 
 

 

    
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
     
   
  
    
    
     
    
     
 
   
   

is’,

 l‘  ‘t 1: ‘ to do,butneverhav_-
 -oiiembgrgcitlznﬁignligfiance was lost on
her‘. ,A moment later Tom’s face and gagged
 a V , and as she uttered _a gasp his
— holeﬁgure stood out clear and distinct in the
moonilzsh ‘ V . e ' ... -

.; “Tom. TQM. what is the matter. she cried,
rushing forward.

5 ~. Before she had covered the distance she saw
 "<.vas,the matter-~that he was gagged and

  Tom!" she ejaculated. “Who has
 you this way?” _
 She, tore the handkerchief away from his

‘ ‘Heaven's ‘sake, Jennie, kick that candle

 djcatch hold of that rope!” he cried al-
moetinarticulataly. beyéd h*_ c
1:;st;‘nct.i e im. '

§'‘I‘v[e asutwﬁuyt the handle and I have hold of the

. v f ‘ ngtilet goof it for your life. You can hold
.ig_w‘itf: one hand. Put the other in in right hand
vp”o¢‘kp.,t,‘puIl_put my‘ knife and cut. me oose.” _
‘S ' is it necessary for me to hold on to this
‘ om?” she asked as she got £315 his knife.
 ‘ openfhe blade with we nan .
r g.,£.»“,,..u... head back. ” .

“rat, the rope in my month, he said. _
’ did as he told her, wonderingly. He grip-
, the strands with his teeth._ She then opened
; ‘  and began cutting him free. The mo-
 hands were at liberty /he grabbed the
“v " , Then he waited patiently for her to ‘ﬁnish
 Askoon as he was free he stooped down
 the rope where the candle had
1"} ' e aawithat it was as solid as ever. With a
 ,¢{,.¢u¢fh’_e let go of the slope, turneddtoﬁtlhe

" ."chhe shed Ryan 9“
 '1” tiieﬁiili of tiieygpe avyhich held the

ggff losive, gently lowered the torpedo to

  
 

ﬁg; ennie eagerly.

means?” asked
‘saved me from an awful death. That
ﬁgnigggzains a charge of nitroglycerine suillcient
‘Sieve-me to eternity and the derrick to match-
~ ‘   saw how it was suspended] above the
and the end of the rope tied to the foot
* derrick. The’ candle was - put _there to
' -l we sthe rope gradually. p When it parted
tOlp0& would have fallen strai ht upon the
 shock would have exploded it. You
 , caved myilife, little girl, and I shall be
v  to you as long as I live.” ’ .
joined her in hisarms and kissed her half

 times, on the ups-

Jennle,'that you are an angel; that

 
   
 

 
  

 

an .x.1ii.——A*sm1a'e of Luck.

' V y his statement Jennie made no
herself from his embrace; indeed,
‘shave done it anyhow, as beheld

*5Shu- . .
~ lath $3 '51 th to
 {ow came reds i-_ri cg 

  

$6

   

     

eo;youfI” sheifalte .
 herwoiiﬂt law‘

mi,

,4! gig, train, will Jyou please explain what all-

. they feared to be interrupted in their
. work. I am not blaming you becaulseedyou werenola

A STROKE OF LUCK

' c “‘The rascals who worked the turn on me were;

no other than Red O'Connor and Sandy Sadler,
who we supposed had fled the place.‘ 0: if

did go away for a while they have come be
again. Their nerve is something phenomenal. As
long as they are at liberty I shall not feel safe,
for they have a standing grudge against me, and
to get even with me they will not sto even at
murder, as to-night's work of theirs s ows."

He told her all that had happened from the
moment he left the house till he heard her voice
"calling out to him in the darkness.

“How is it that you came here looking for me?"
he asked. “It looks like the ﬁnger of Heaven.”

She explained. ~ .

“Lord, but you’re an angell”,he cried, kissing
her again. '

. “Oh, Tom!” she cried, blushing furiously in the
moonlight. ~ . .

“What’s the matter? Why, the service you have
done me is worth a million kisses. However, I'll‘
give them to you by instalments. Now look out,
I'm going to carry this torpedo away.”

“Qon’t touch it, Tom; please don't. It might

“No, there is no particular danger if it is
handled gently?‘ and you can bet I won’t handle it
any otherway,” he replied, taking the an up.
It wouldn't do to let it remain here.”

, He carried it to the shed and laid it carefully
_town in a corner, placing acoil of rope on top of
I .

“Now I guess we'll go home. But first I must
call up the police on our ’phone. I'll have to read‘
them the riot act about O’Connor and Sadler. .j
'I'hc-K have simply got to catch them this time.” L

T ey walked to the house, wherethey found the in
watchman on the point of starting out ‘on another
tour of the com any’s property. , 5’

Tom said no ing to him about the strenuous 
experience he had been through, but went at once 
to the oﬁice ’phone. _ ‘

What he said to the police made the man at the ; T Z
other end of the wire sit up and take notice.

He asked Tom a number of questions and prom- .
ised to send several men to the Willett company’:
oﬂice at once to see him about the direction the l
Eascals had taken when they left the boy to  .

ate. 1 ~ - l

“We'll wait here till the oﬁcers come, and then '
we'll go home,” said Tom to Jennie. ’

When the ,watchman‘got back in about 
minutes Tom told him what he had been up _
against. _ » , '

The man was fairly staggered. , 

"Why. I was at the derrick only a short  ‘
before those rascals carried you there,” he sum, .;‘

“That fact wouldn't have done me any good. I, V j
don't believe they had any idea that there was a
watchman on the place, for they didn’t act as if;

murderous

    
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
      
     
    
  
   

   
  

  
  
   
   

on hand to save me. It just iiappe that 0’(‘4;I:-
nor and Sadler hap ened to hit 3!: the righefznlii-_
ment to carry out eir purpose. This little git»
saved me, and next to Heaven. I shall be i
to her as long as I live{’ said Tom f L
caotin: of loving anceat Jennie. , A . ..
‘i-'‘Y ,’_w 'hI.".;'Opl1,8d$h¢m&8o»._ —
had is narrow aha’ Jorqyoor

      

 
      

  

 ‘ “Toward the road. They are.probably a good
_ distance\away by this time. I have’no doubt they
- ' ' are sitting under some hedge waiting to hear the
fxplosioui and wondering why- it is so long de-
ay '9:

“Have you notiﬁed the police?”

“I have. This is the third time they have been
asked to capture those villains. Their two former
eﬁorts were failures. I hope they will be more

_ fortunate this time. In fact, those men have got
to be captured if I have to take a hand in the

,matter myself.”

. It was some time before the oﬂicers of the law
arrived, but they did at last.

Tom told them his story, and took them out to

, the derrick and explained the method by which
0’Connor and Sadler had adopted for the purpose
of killing him.

, . “They seem to have it in for you hot, young
5. man," said one of the oﬁcers. .,

“They certainly appear to be greatly interested
in -getting me out of the way,” replied the boy.
“I can’t stand for this kind of business. Those

I. men have got to be captured this time if it takes
the whole police force of the country to do it. It
looks as if they have some secure hiding-place in

,‘ the hills. They must be routed out of it. I'd give

2 _’ something to know how they got‘ hold of that tor-

pedo. It must be one the rascals had left over out
of their own stock. They might even have another,
or two or three, for that matter, in their posses-
sion. The mere suspicion of such a thing should
make their capture more imperative.”

- “You think they took to the hills after leaving

you on the road to the next world?” said the

“It’s about the only place where they could es-
cape immediate detection,” replied Tom.

“We'll make a hunt of the hills once more for
them; but it's an endless kind of job. Two of us
will go one way and two another, and we ought to
ﬁnd some traces of their whereabouts," said the

‘ The four policemen then took their departure
and started on theiinquest, while Tom escorted
" Jennie home. .
Next morning Tom told Flynn about his stren-
Kuous gﬁerience of the previous evening, and the
- 2:53 ' er was almost paralyzed ‘at the audacity
I villain of the exwell-shooters. _
“You'll ave to go armed, Tom, until ‘those
ps are put behind the bars. It clearly is not
i safe for you to take any chances,ag_ainst them.
have singled you out as an obiect of ven-
ce, and it would be outrageous for them to
,» again. Their previous failure might
' incite them to kill you on the spot so as to make
‘ sure of making no further slip-up. If you haven't
‘ I revolver, my advice to you is to buy one right
‘away and carry it all the time.” p .
“I'll do it," answered Tom. “If I ever have oc-
r easier: to shoot at them I'll take care not to’ miss
thpm. They deserve no mercy at my hands.
"_ ing was in readiness at the derrick well
for the “shooter” to get busy.
 had the gang ready to attach. the short
_line to the we l immediately after it was shot,

.  the oil came sip, in cguantity, as it was
.. I tlyexrechdto - A
’ I _ gtheltalian shooter, appeared

 

K.
g.

g»’r5n<';.-«zfa,



7‘.
av .

  

/~ ,_ .,

    
 

   

     

.4

E: s _ A. STROKE’ or ’ LUCK.

   
  

about ten 3

3

»  .19.

/“What's’ the trouble, Zuccaro?" asked Flynn.

“Malatesta! Da troub’ is dis. Some rascal
breaka open my placa in da hill where I keep: da
torpedo. Steela one, two, t’ree, maybe more, can.
Leava da door open so any one can walka in and

\

"helps himself or blowa himself up, and I losea da

man’ I pay for dem. If I catcha I ﬁxa him, bet-
cher your life."
“I guess I know who did it,”
“Ha! You knowa da man, eh?
“There's two of them.”
“Two ?”
“Yes; the two shooters who used to operatehere

You tells. me."

before you came on the ground—Red O’Connor

and Sandy Sadler. The‘ brought a torpedo, one of
yours, I ll wager, over ere last night and tried to
b1°W “P Young Mr. Cobb, the president of this
company.” .
“Blowa him up? Whata hr? I
::Because they’re down on him.”
Whata they rounda here for, _eh'! I thought
§1:iy"ﬂya da coop ’cause da police wants. them

“’l.‘hey’ve been hid‘ g in the hills. Last night
Mr. Cobb caught t em_ prowling around this
place. They Jumped on him and made him a pris-
oner. _Then they brought him over to this well
and tried to blow him up with a torpedo.”

Flynn described to Zuccaro what the two
Scoundrels had done to Tom, and told him how his ‘
life had been _saved by Jennie Dean: ‘ ~

‘fSanta. Marie! He escapea by da skina his teeth. -
One chances in a t’ous. S’posea torpedo falls on
stone, where you t’inka he be now, eh?”

“H_e'd be dead, of course. Blown to bits with the
demck.” -

“We_lla,’I guess,” replied Zuccaro with a mean-

g grin.
“I'll show you the torpedo. It’s in the shed.
ﬁliglsie, you'll be able to recognize it as one of

Flyim showed the Italian the can of nitroglycer-
ine which mightphave ended Tom's life, and be de-
glzzregllistr was one of those stolen from his cave in
..3:..*- .*‘**...;*£:*;‘*T:.:".:.*:::.-°.*:.i:*.  8°-

! er.

The treasurer of the had nl ' -
 from  Angelesfompany O y Just at
Weﬂuccaro said that he was ready to shoot the
swlﬁdezaiugﬂsh ligrlgéleogs, ropes, etc., over at a.

“YW3 _8°t 9V€1'.V'thing read’ I go ahead,” he said.
Fl‘}"i:rlll right. You can start right in,” replied

Ac9°1'd§1181Y. everybody was toldlto retire to a ‘\
certain distance where they would be safe and at
ghegesiame time have a good view of all that hap-

By the time they were in position Zuccaro was ,
seen crossing the ﬁeld carrying a torpedo in his 2 “5
hand in a very careful way. ‘ 

The derrick had previously been stripped of
gikose planks andk Illow stood above the well hole _

' e a gigantic s e eton. 

in

 

 

Before lowering the first torpedo into the well ‘ - 
the Italian was seen to wipe the tube withxgi-eat ._‘;

care so as to remove the least suspicion of. moist-  as
me which might be nitroglycerine. . .
Th‘ "‘°?'°'? °.‘ ’9V°.“'?8.‘l'° ‘°<P°d°

    
  

  
 

 - 20

well might lead to a premature explosion if he was
not careful to see that it was perfectly clear of the
smallest particle of the explosive on the outside.

v After lowering the second tube, the one that
was used on Tom the night before, the Italian took
up a. inted iron cylinder and inserted that in the
well ole. ,

After lowering it a certain distance he let go the
line and ran from the vicinity of the derrick as
fast as he could. He had scarcely covered any
distance to speak of when the ground was shaken
by a dull, heavy explosion, hundreds of feet down
in the earth.

A'rumbling sound followed,rthen a sullen roar,

‘and then a thick column of liquid, of a dark
_ brownish hue, spurted upward through the well
- hole. .

It spread out a short distance above the mouth
of the hole until it eiweloped the entire upper_h_a1f
of the derrick, totally obscuring it, and rising
some distance above the top of the spindrely struc-
ture, to fall back upon itself_in an oily spray.

In a moment the ground for many yards around
the derrick was ﬂooded with crude -petroleum.

Flynn threw his hat into the air and shouted:

“Eureka! A second Lucinda! Your fortune is
made, young man!” and he clap (1 Tom on the
shoulder. “ his is indeed a stro e of luck!”

CHAPTER XIV.—Checkmated. *

_ Flinn rushed his derrick gang forward to get
, the I under control and pipe it to the tank built
' - to receive it. —
V . There was no doubt now that the shooting of
Y the well was a great success.

* Oil in a copious stream was ﬂowing up from the
bowels of the earth, and the well seemed to put
every other one in the district in the shade except
those on the Lucinda property.

Apparently the derrick boring had connected
with the same vein of oil rock.
Tom and Mr. Radford congratulated each other
"on the success that had attended the opening of
the ﬁrst well on the new oil company’s property.
_ . Flynn assured them that the company had one
2 of the best gushers in the ﬁeld, and that additional
- E horln in the vicinity of the derrick well were
_ - * boun to develop more of the same kind.
7' ' , — Hr. Radford dined at the Dean house and then
hastened off to town to send the glorious news by
telegraph to theother seven stockholders in Los
An es

gel .
' It wasn't long before the news that a king-pin
,  «gnsher had been shot on the Willett Oil Company’s
. ' . property spread all aroumfthe district, and a lot
* “, of interested peoﬁile visited the farm to satisfy
tlgznselves that t e report had not been exagger-
a .
 . Representatives of the comparatively unsuccess-
3 .1111 oil companies ‘in the neighborhood stood
around thewell and viewed matters with envious

 
   
    
  
     
  
    

g ; The manager of the Lucmda Oil Company was
on hand, too, and be was satisﬁed that the Willett
Oil Com y had a good thing. .

; Every y wondered why it was that the El
Capitan people had,failed_to strike oil rock after

olliihe money they had laid; out in drill work.

' .,.,

tryiniéo _. .7
A “I ieve that young rascal meets his f

     
   

A STROKE OF LUCK

Apparently they had merely paved the way for
their successors to reap all the proﬁt of the enter-

prise.
Filling barrels with oil and shipping them was
begun immediately under Tom’s directions. .
More barrels were sent down to the property
and these were ﬁlled in their turn, and more
called for. =
There were busy times at the farm, for th
ﬂow of oil ,out of that single well was found to be
about 700.barrels a day, worth at the prevailing
price of oil, sixty—three'cents a barrel, $441. a
Only two of the Lucmda’s wells beat this, No.

1, which turned out 800 barrels, and No. 2. 1,000 '

barrels daily.

After Paying all charges Tom found that the
derrick well would turn in a monthly proﬁt to the
company of about $10,000. '

It would require about $6,000 of this money per
month _for drilling two additional wells, leaving an
immediate sum of $4,000 per month for dividends.

At the end of a year or ﬁfteen months the other
two wells would be brought in, and if they proved
as Il)s9%léCtl\£? as the derrick well the company
wou a e to count on a month] ﬂ
$30,000. _ y P" t °f

There was no reason in that event why other
wells should not be drilled, every additional one
being calculated to produce a net income of at
least $10,000 a month.

Even thr_ee wells could be counted on producing
an ann_oal income of $100,000 over and above the
ca italized value of the company’s stock.

hat would naturally’ raise the value of the
shares considerably above their par value. -

As_ Tom owned half of the entire stock his
holdings would robably be estimated as worth a
quarter of a mi ion. ,-

With six wells in operation at the end of four
years he might be worth half a million, or
even more, without taking into consideration the
large sum he would have received in dividends.

In fact, as matters pointed there was every
prospect of Tom Cobb in time becoming a young
M9Ht€_C1‘18t0» While every stockholder connected
with him was almost certain to become wealthy.

:Tom was as happy as a king as he bossed oper-
ations on the farm.

The only thing that annoyed him was the fact
that the police had once more failed to capture
O’Connor and Sadler.

Where those rascals were in hiding, and how
they managed to live, for Chip Sadler and his
mother were under constant surveillance, was a
mystery that baffled conjecture. .

The inference was that they had left the neigh-
borhood this time for certain, but Tom was bv no
means conﬁdent of the fact. ‘

He suspected they were still within striking
distance of him, and he never went abroad
without his revolver ready for instant use.

In spite of the disgrace which hung about his .

father, Chip ‘Sadler was, if anything, more im.
pudent than ever.

He was constantly throwing out dark hint
about what his father and O'Connor were goingto

do to Tomwhen they got the chance.

fugitives were, though he never was

Tom believed that Chip knew just where ﬂu»

communicate with them.

 

-  ‘ -ix»

 
  
 

 

 . . V ~ , ..

  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
     
   
   

"Ind O'Connor often in spite of the vigilance of the
men I have employed to keep track of his move-
ments,” said Tom to Flynn one day. “He's about
as/foxy a young rooster as there is going. .He has
some way of t rowing the watchers off his track,
depend upon it. I have a great mind to send for
a crack city detective and hire him to smoke out
-the mystery that is bothering me.’’

- “I9 wouldn’t be a bad idea, if you can afford it.
It would probably make you feel easier in mind,”

ynn.

V om said he would consider the matter and the
Subject was dropped for the present. ‘

the Willett Oil Company had'to go to the rail-
roadstation to see about gett' enough cars to
ship a large consignment of oil arrels north.
" After arranging the matter with the agent to
‘his satisfaction he mounted his horse and started
'lIa& for the farm.
The animal had the niisfortuile to cast a shoe,
,: and_'l‘oin had to stop at a blacksmith shop on the
we to have a new shoe adjusted.
-» waiting for the job to be done he took a
walk about the.n‘eIif’bborhood.g
 '1" ‘It was the sub s ofjthe town, and there were‘
 new houses in that vicinity, some _of which
occupied by families of the working class
seine still in the hands of the carpenters.
om passed slowly down the street and came
corner below the blacksmith sho he saw a
hay walking down the opposite sidep the cross
 whom he immediately recognized as C
Wondering what that youth was doing in town
E‘ stopped, pulledhhis list down over his eyes and
wa im. e
- Chimyunconseious that his movements were he-
hg notegtgzssed on a little way and then entered
thesinall ntyardofoneofthenewhouses.

He passed around the side of the building and

continued to watch the house and specu-
to the business that had brought Chip to

young president of the Willett O_i1
y pond J over the mbtter he saw Chip
outwithatincsninhishand._ , _ '
went directly to a small saloon in the, neigh-

78.. after beer," thought Tom. "I wonder if
» spotted the rendezvous of O'Connor and Sandy
_ 1’ I’d give something to make sure of that

  

  
  
  

  
   
 
 

 
   
 

   

watched Chip carry the can back full or
.  next to that which Chip entered was

old but unoccupied one. .-~-‘.: g_ . ' V
wasa“'l‘o Let" sign on it. ~ *
ed‘ over  itygnteredgthe yard and

    

. expected.

invent around to the rear 'orkitch¢,ﬂ door and

, V V satisfaction that he could get into the

. ﬂy. ~ ,

— . - overl k the

Iﬂthognuin t°ts‘ii:°::: intaxétefinfn. -
t  two houses was about

  ”_ tiioinioeéila

E

  
 
 
  
 
     

  

    
 

 '  A ' ASTRCKE or LUCK

 the following day the young president of _

the rooinand took a cautious

Q

 

21”.

Three men were sitting at a table playing cards, V  
and Chip Sadler was pouring our four glasses.-of ' 
beer from the can, one of which he appropriated  ,
to himself. L < ‘ ‘ . < ‘ ‘

One of the men had a smoothly shaven face,.and _* _‘ ;
was a stranger to Tom. . \ ' ‘»  

The other two wore heavy beards, but in spite 7
of that fact their general build convinced the j;'
watcher that he was looking at Red O'Connor and  _i
Sandy Sadler. ~ :- 

While_Tom was_ gazing a_t the men. Chi . who
w_as_facing the window, raised the beer g as to.
hisHlipst._ - .- o u. .

is t-l'k , ' ' _ ’ V, . gt
th_e g1as'i.',"ia_ui,ift Z’§?gili°i¥“‘ o£'§§-3.‘:    
window looking in at the room. '2 » — -

He recognized Tom at once, and was rather
startled to see him there. . .

Most any body‘in his shoes would have been
rattled and have given the alarm to-his father and
0'€)(l)1l11I10l'l.1 ' ‘ "

. 9 ' y ‘til 3St0l'I' . - 7 ‘
mind,pdid 33.232 o‘i'"the kind. “hm” ~pmm° '3

He knew that if he called the attention of. 
others, to the pressure of Tom Cobbin the next.-
house they would show by their actions that 
were aware that somebody was looking in at"
tlzem, and the watcher would probably 
a once. ‘ . ‘ ‘

’So Chip walked carelessly to the doo 
caiisvdhtisdnmr to c<tir’ne:&t:iideiw  . 

‘ o you wan . ' t stats]; v‘
for hewas interested in the game. ta . ' 5

“Got somethin' important to tell you,

“What ebout?’.’

_‘I‘:£omtwCobb.” I ~ .

e orascasimmdtl looked "
Chip inquiringly. e la e Y 0"‘: 3“:

“What about him! You ain't seen him in town,»
have you?” , r ‘ J ,,

“Yes, I have, and he ain't far away at 
moment." - . '   :

“Where is he ?" ‘V

::$vOl!!ne (liieret and I'll t€ll_tyou.’;, wh . V7. »

y on you spi i 011.‘ t "
afraid of '! Bill Higgings here is oneaog’§§,.¥§
we ain't got no objection to him hearin' anythin?
you. got to say.” a .

“I want you to_come here, dad. It’s important.’{

Sandy got up In a gruinbling way and walked‘
ovfztirto ;}:.m11:3"ia' t to h l A V C

_ip u im on i t d‘ .
n Then he told his father th:ta'l“oili?g was ii.‘ 11..
next house watching them through the window‘ ' ‘ ‘

 
   

1 .
5*"

   
 
       
     
  
       
      
      
        

M! n .

  

     
    
      
  
  
 
  

    
  
     
  

  
     
 
 
       
 
    
  
     
 
 

   
   
 

the second story. - ,

Sadler uttesed an iinprecation. and was about to“-
:g:}lE§’.l;3:ll§::nntjo :1: room to tell his pal when 

‘ n", a. e’lltakeal ndget,' T. 
You Show Phat you know he’: 
and tell him. then both of you can‘ sh“ ‘C
door and nab him, see 1"’ . 7

Sandy saw the point and appreciated 
su geltion. V ‘ . i

e called O’Connor outside and t‘old,hiin..’

While they were talking Chi strolledbnel
opposite window. » V 2.  '

“He's still-there. dad. Better lose: 

  

22

« Sadler and O'Connor hurriedly concocted a plan
' between them, and going downstairs left the cot-
‘ e by the front door. - v '
en they entered the next yard, walked around
: _ so the kitchen door, entered the house icautiously
and hid themselves under the -staircase by which
Tom would have to come down.

In a, few minutes Tom, having made up his mind
to visit the police station at once and tell what
he had seen, came downstairs.

‘As he stepped to the entry door he was sud-
, denly seired from behind and thrown to the floor.

   
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
    
   
 
   
   
     
   
 
  
   
   
  
   

 

'- cusivrna XV.-"Conclusion.

Tom had been taken by surprise, that he did his
— best to turn on the men and ﬂing them off.

»  had him at a greelat daiéadginltage, however,

struggles prov in ec a .

“(iotyou again, eh ?" cried O'Connor exultantly.
“Thisuigahggeasum we wag: Iookin’ tfgr, but it's
none we come on accoun .

iﬁadler had provided himself with some pieces of
repefheferre they left their own house, and with
‘ he tied Tom's hands securely behind his

*don’t know how you got on to us,” continued
Red O’Connor. “but it doesn't matter a whole lot.
 5Yon»w'on’t get no chance to tell the police. If we
”'tﬁxyauthistiineitwillbebecauseyouain’t
to be killed. ow escaped the torpedo

we can figure out. You did however, so
nousetalkiifaboutit. Youseeinto
asnupy lives as a eat; but we’ll settle your
‘time or know the reason why."
rprised that the men did not search

11.

811

«~ e nhcad a revolver in his hip pocket,
hit V ’t look for such _a thing.
Althoug  did not deem it necessary to gas
2% he held his peace , ,
-.. eﬂgw no use in holding any coniniunication
. ell, why don't you say somethin"!” grinned

er. .
 ,“'What’a the use?” replied Tom. _
 ain't no use, I .gue_ss,"_replied Sandy
’"—witlI, 3. twinkle of satisfaction In his eyes. _“We’ve
qotiyou dead to rights-once more, and it’: my
pinion your goose is cooked.”
"J: on klllime you'll be hanged as sure as you
. now." said Tom. _ ‘ i
,, I don't know,” replied O’Connor. "The
. mltﬁatch “nay easier after we have
you than before. .- .
ow. are we, gain’ to get him into the house
 . iwithout some one seem’ us, Rod?

‘swan an it ts d k." ‘ _
' ‘body mgight girme in here to look at this

 have to chance it,’j said O’Connor. “It
.110 to take ‘him outsidevin the daylight.
 1-jcky._The people livin across the street
on and suspect somethin' crooked. 

' and shout across for Chip. We'll let him

 
 

  
 

A STROKE or LUCK ‘

In a few minutes Chip appeared on the scene.

He looked at Tom and chuckled.

It, gave him a lot of satisfaction to see the
young president of the new oil company in trouble.

‘fYou stay here and watch Tom Cobb till it gets
dark, then we’ll come over and carry him around
to the house,” said O’Connor.

The two rascals then left. '

“How do you feel?” said Chip to Tomein a -
jeering tone. ~

Tom disdained to answer him.

“’I‘oo high-toned to talk, eh?" sneered Chip.
“Think you’re some account since you was made
{resident and boss of the oil company. I don't see

_ ow you ever got into such a snap, but it won't do

you no good. Dad and Red’ll fix you this time
sure. The company'l1 have to get another presi-
dent. Then when you’re out of the way I'll make
up to Jennie Dean ag’iii.”

‘_‘Don't you mention her name!” cried Tom an-

gn Y-

“Found you tongue, have you?" laughed Chip.

"I ‘hit you on a sore spot. You're dead stuck on
Jennie. When I'm sure you’re dead I'll carry the
news to her just to see how she'll take it."

“If I wasn't tied up I'd give you the whipping
of your life." said Tom.

“Sure ofthat, eh?” 'eered Chip. “Well, as you’re
tied you can't do not '11’ see? If I wanted to I
could kick the stuﬂin’ out’r you. Dad and Red
wouldn't mind what I did to you."

“You're cowardly enough to do it under the -
circumstances.”

'“Yah! I'm glad you’re in a hole. I hope you'll
get all that's comin’ to you," said Chip with a‘
vindictive look.

He walked around the entry for a while, looking
occasionally at Tom, and then he sat down on the
giwer stair and drummed with his feet on the

oor.

Finally he took up a position in the doorway I>e- v
tween the entry and the kitchen, where he could .\._’
keep his eye on the prisoner and also look out
through the kitchen window.

All this time Tom wasn't idle. _ ‘

With an unconcerned face he was working his
wristsbehindhisbackinaneﬂorttoloosenhia
bonds so he could draw one hand out of limbo.

An hour passed slowly away, and he was satia-
ﬁed he was making some progress. . - _

Chip, eontidentthat Tom was tﬁrfectly safe, left .
lli6'i‘::kpoa:;.several_tinicstogo to klttllﬂlldﬁﬂtﬁ‘ 

ou A ‘

Each time he remained longer away, and hi ‘ 
took full advantage of these opportunities to exert » _
himself to the utmost. 7:.

At last, at the sacriﬁce of some ’skin, he got one 9.
hand out of the noose, and the other followed at i
a matter of course. _ 4

Chip was standing at the -kitchen door wiallhg ’
it would get dark, consequently he was notawlli
of what was going on in the entry. .

Ten minutes elapsed and then, shutting the
door, he recui-nea_to take a look at hit man»

A surprise awaited him. we

As he walked carelessly through the 
he startedback with a gasp of consternation. *

He found Tom standing up free, and ya rcvduﬂ
p0‘i‘!ét:d at his"o:nid ;

om sternly.
back.

 
          
     
   

 
   
 
      
  

 
 
    

  

          
 

o

      
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
 

s

Tom walked up and grabbed him by the arm,
xmlledphim forward, and then tripped him up.
As soon as he had Chip down he proceeded to
 him with the rope.which had been used on

‘ The raschl started to yell, but Tom quickly
caught him by the throat and squeezed his wind-
plpe until he was nearly black in the face.

That scared him so that he didn't dare try it
again. After binding him good and hard Tom
xggd him with his own dirty handkerchief.

n he shoved him under the stairs.

After which he shut the entry door on him and
left the house, after a cautious survey of the
next cottage, where O'Connor and Sadler were
continuing their game of cards on the second ﬂoor.
Once on the street he ran for his horse, went to
the 'ce station, got some oﬂicers and returned
‘to e house with them.

Tom leading, they quickly ran up to the second

ﬂoor. The boy opened the door softly and walked
jnsldﬁp ‘
‘ Tom opened the door softlyiand walked inside.
i-“Hands u !" he said, covering the men with his
weapon. T y‘ started up in consternation—a.t
 O’Connor and Sadler did.

‘me other simply-looked astonished and a bit
disturbed. ‘ '

5.

 
 
  
     
 
 
 

" ‘t move, you rascals! It is my turn now!”
As he spoke the oﬂlcers walked into the room.

, In two minutes O’Connor and Sadler were hand-
enﬂedxtosethei-.

0, attention whatever was paid to the other

“ﬁle ' ers were marched downstairs and
_.to stree

Then Torn an one policeman entered the next

rlouse and brought Chip out to join"the pro-
_ which immediately took up its line of

"porch for the station.-house.

It was with ‘a lot ofsatisfaction that Tom made

the charge of murderous assault against the ex-
ilfell-aliooters, and he charged Chip with aiding
‘abetting the

m.
 soon as they were locked up in their cells
« started for home, feeling that atclast the
m was in a fair way of being rid of the
geoundrels who had made repeated attempts
his life. -
(In told Jennie and her mother at the supper
, about the capture of Red O’Connor, and
_ Sadler that afternoon, and they were de-
‘ tohesr of it. , _
took you to do the job after all,” said the

   
         
         
      
        
         
    
       
  
      
    
      
        
        
 
 

 
  
 

  

  
 
   
 

  
  
 
 
 
  

‘ I hadn’t tliey’d have done me,” he replied.
 morning he carried the good news to

3.

 were safely caged at last. .

‘ month, later O’Connor and Sadler were tried

 of the crime they were charged
‘ sentto prison for twenty years each-

    

"niitﬂ ,he _reached twenty-one.

Jnenntirxiethe derrick well, as Tom called
, r tiauﬁow about 700 barrels per day.
simply w-ashcileived to 1111'

:1? may

     
 

A STROKE or LUCK

‘Lucinda at the end of its'first year.

    Be A Bctcctivsl

, who said hewas glad to know that that the 

« ewes tried. also and sent to a house of cor- ﬂ

 

I _ ,
company looked forward to double results as soon _.._ 
as it was completed and put in operation. , _

The directors held their second meeting about 
this time and Tom went to Los Angeles to attend ‘

it. , , i
Three months later they held their next meeting,
and declared a dividend of five cents a share to

_ enable Tom to release his stock from the promot-

isrégogiorrn which held it as security for his note of
After paying the money he still had 84,235 left.
over to do with as he chose. .
As the 39,000 shares held in the treasury was ~‘
also entitled to participate in the dividend, a sink: _
mg fund was created by the money, which
amounted to $1,950. a i * ‘ 
_ During the next six months the ﬂow of the deb .. i 
rick well increased 50 barrels a day, and : ~ 0 ‘
end_ of the yearthe directors were able to declare _
a dividend of ten cents a share. A ‘ 0' ..  wk
Tom's check amounted to $12,510, and as he had. ‘ ;. 0
over $3,000 left of his first dividend he began to 
feel quite rich. ~ -~ ~ . . 
Three months later Well No. 2 was shot with 
great success, and the expectations of the stock a .. .:‘
holders were fully realized: ‘ " 3 ‘ ‘I
A third well was also under ay, and the future,  7 ~‘
of the Willett Oil Company loglxed as rosy ‘as the‘; " ’ ‘
A I ~\

_'l'hat was a year ago, and to-day the Willett
011 Company has four wells in operation. ‘eaz'n_ing~
a proﬁt of $40.000 a month for its  ‘

Tom is now drawing a steady monthly 
of 15 cents a share, or $18,765. which will next
year be increased to over $25,000. a l ’ «

In addition to that. his salary has been nisedto
$10,000 a year, so there is little danger that he ‘
ever will go to the poorhouse. .. ’ ~ ,.

Jennie is eighteen years old and is engagedctoi 
be married to Tom. ‘

It is understood that their wedding will take
place this coming June. ,. .
There is little doubt that Tom will some "day
be rated as a millionaire, and he owes it all ten L’
stroke of luck.  '

Til‘§“i6‘€°ql'§l‘§‘§R‘”“ °%lE“ii'l§‘é”““ 
: . P
IN WALL STREE'I‘.”°r U ‘M? Y

      
   

7*—‘h

Make Secret Investigations '.
Earn Big Money. Work. home or travel.’
Fascinating work. Excellent ogportm
nity. Experience unnecessary. artis-
ulars free. Write: j f

GEORGE R. WAGNER : V

Former Govermaumt. Detection  7

1968 Br‘oudwsy..Ncw York p

 
 

Q , L

is.

   

   
 

          
 
 
 

       
  
 

   
        
   
  
 
   
   
  
    
 

  

      

    
  
  
         

   

    
 

.
I

BLANK CARTRIDGE PISTOL

Protoctwm nvainst Burulara, Ihunm d Dino Price‘

(
Make Your Watches, Clocks, E_tc., (‘V
visible by Nrzht  ....-m“-....-°.:;-:3:-;
n gucbugng _ II have u Int nwoooded In produaiug uh}: nmuk-bl:
PAXVT. wlajuh. u to the purine: ol my nniel-. cum: nwiu um. I! 1.
upon n-«Auk. rut onun *ru¢_uI¢ut. 1 upon: I n_.-
.n..9‘.'.‘.‘u"" '?.'."‘ .‘.1‘i'£i.':'.T.’.3'Ly“.':.'i‘Z “mi. '3‘.‘i'.2."?‘2%‘i '§ui’»'.' £111.’
..,...,...-' 's.'....... ""::':.-.-.:... :: -.-n’~:..:-.:::'*.»:'':.':.:*:a-r.'*.‘.':.= won m............¢.m-
and so unpaid. Jonson turn: I 20. ' Dept 442' name. ms. ‘r_r;-2‘-il:|'|;ri":rrg _|‘-D-;:'3g:
or n e M’: Eggs Exploding clzarettes :':.:-.-,:.-.:.~-=.v. ".:°;::::.
Inn bu u clhctiu ll
’ ‘ HI!!! I ' ‘ Strut $0,‘? l:"lll'||§‘II:
, .
.~. ::::¥:.ﬁg.j.h::::L€:§“$:::.£P§g;3Lr """.._$
nth: (|(.2:Iba;?¥'D:)'7:I:Bls1,nkn(JB:r¢t':i'dzu Pia J, soc
Johnson smith]. c... _ Dont. 442 , mno, wu.
BOY‘?! BOYS! BOYS!
Q‘ 7 Into a, trunk, under
. the bed. or any-
where. Lots of run _
toollnguthe teach- 6
» 8!’. D0 ceman OI‘ -/ -
 I friends. .4“
' ‘ 3
/1
O THE VENTRILO . '--  _
a. little» instrument, ﬂts a ‘
 in the mouth out or V
’ : M  ‘.1. glghﬁi gséduwlth agave
I v or r 3. s. etc. ny-
ODO can use it.
:0-gLw;,‘g““:f,,-fg;d§,;-W-3,1-;_H;g3 sever runs. 1 32 pago book on Iron.
::I.:?_..,‘.'.ix‘.._z.am.;.......g‘_‘.:.ﬂ $1133 truoquism, the 'Ventr111o.AI.l.ron socsu-rs
pmun oouu bu pouiblo in I_uu|‘|:’-mu!!! com.
pan. I nc A: u now u
when you look throuah. Coma in uwnu
.P",.h"’v.|.¢:&.o1 Pnunn Ccanl.

Everything uuoul: the nu luux Klan bald

In :1. clear, rem-Ame manner. Book tells all-

Wlthnbunch   How it agartcq and wnsppprcssed in 187!

onbeaebllla. A Jolnwd name —'I‘ e ew Ixu Klux Ix nnfliow 0 an-

luaeasy {or at a skeleton 14 10¢ ‘ pd_ lzed—}{0w Members are LnroH9d— nth

each non In. In height. will 01 the hlzm—Quaulona for candidates-

ol lﬁzaanad dunno to music Creed—0b1ecLs m the 0rdcr—obodJcnce—-

mount to Ind D9110?!” V5‘ Fidcl1ty——1’ledge of Loy:z1ty—I(u Klux

a D be at nous lyraﬂoﬂ‘: Klan nnéle-l¢ilzoo'|::asO¢:v'uhs._1_;]l'11;-I Jew§—{Krl2:

g °“' W’ "'°'°*“°° .  cm." W... Ind  :.'::....': ...... .
ynaahlnx while the ova:
on an Klan pnbli-had I-nu 35c.P
a. roll ol nnormsybuomo mi," cm;
I thfee ‘bill: diaunoe (tom it.
' - p r o p e r on
"“:° ":° °°::,*:s,s;'..3e=°?".:,"°.°::' '""' °‘.’$’.'_‘.cm¢,-,
or we tom 0 e o ;
:.:°.r.":.:**.°*°“:: ms: *°.:=:.:.:° “PE 5 .... ..
A can . c 95
postplld: to sum no. 125 lo: 50:.’ u'°'“' K"°t" '
or 53.50 thounnd nostpam. spﬂces. etc. Eva»
..,,g “.5. k
Vlonderful X-Ba - Tube 1*}... ..n.,...:'.¥.::“;'-:;°.:‘.. g,v,g;-,I_gh(;;g
" "0" °”“m""° ::a“,’:,',,f,‘f'k',':::','"   f.-of ' A curious and intereetinl.
‘;‘5"f“m°"‘c "°'] ‘nf. . iplu. -in. 0' "‘__ ¥1_oo' ' c(pIeasureBawellnvcryuil-
1 l"‘l°un:io"‘;]2 bgfh 100 |Fum-D°";- An‘L'|*:“‘ “I ul. tinadouhle Microscope for enmininz the
Eu, “sum an d  .1 wonder: ‘oi nnlme. II in. also an Opera Glut. I
10¢ u§F,“n‘g Wnmt rt ' an M! Knot: Steteoneope. u Burmng Lena. n Readmz Glass. nTeI¢scope_.|
E“ I. _ "my ‘in’ mm 0, mad. 0! yes: ulna tn Comvass.aPocket Mmor. and a Luynnscope-for -
ﬂu 3.. la! 3.”: End prncil. use 111- '°0-=hAnk-bnu-r3°o:mD¢I- ' ~ my eye, ear. nose and throat. II is want: an the coal to locate
{..-'....,.e.'..¢ in A pipe nem. -ad mny othu "°""""'- "“ ”" -yumna oainlul cindcrlntheeve. Fold: naund {iulhepoch
rimik: Ill-ukm’, ‘A'é:y,)atery In‘-I nlgﬂ:r.-‘3;- e:._ something great-you need out Don't miss it. Sent by
3'-.::2*:.:°«:::: %s:u'.::::-'2-m-as MAGIC FLUTE W»  . ’ °"":Z3\7°T7x§°§
Wnlaﬁzlly Sum Tad and Musical V ’ G°:_dEM:_”d mop ,

'£'\-‘7;...,.’.’.‘..'.‘.’.‘,',." .m..’£

;°.'.‘."'a’.'f.‘“‘u.‘.’. ﬁg.-

‘ Tlnka Perhrmldolun
»/ o! moat un.nin:"::unu."

Bum mu sixma [auger Ihsn

most the mar .B~x.d-

r. a ad in 'c°""1" '|m""°?dsc‘" (3530;

.k. d ummm” ,5‘ an‘. , 4 tin! IOU!‘ n It In un co on. -. MI
#35.“-'«~=‘n"-.‘-“s‘ 3»“~»-~«=- 6:.--~ -m- M . .. ~~b':-:.::*.::.2'~'- Sex Indicator
__,_ “.5.” u Iplrigs on: o! mu n no InuHnc.5::k_$:odyo . ‘mh Yum
- hubyxgunytobt G Lueklovho nyoiun y I Dlllw , 3 B°”¢h..‘..c'.m_
u umo. cod Luci Mn and nun. an plnyud u n nneolnvlﬂ"-3"" .
, """ M”.ri‘ ﬂan you will uh Infldo M I no or my DH!!! l“M°|' ““‘|’“"‘'‘'‘- '0” °''' ‘- M". ‘
V‘,  as ODIN. tha sun as ehnrminz u i: is -urvri-inn _hn";‘*;_,'_“i'::f“7"”""'|..
Address orders for all-goods onthis and opposite pages to ;;-33;-;*f {w__n._- gig
I I DO}
Ind no
JOHNSON SMITH 8: CO. ,__.,,_,...,........ .....-
nu... s cannon Inumcnmluﬁ  " '° """ "3'? ,‘I“"=":"'"gi'.','."‘.....‘.': :':';L
O ' .
gguggc g.v.n|gg,pt|oo.unoo. atoll» - on
 01 on uasuuo 3:» ugh” '“' ‘u"u:$‘o'n§”ta‘o'o‘|’»'Jc'a"ad°'Q'1‘:3 hdwr.Ii"'h‘:'ﬂ h:‘-ggfhﬁg:
oculoolﬂau um uuo and . oto..’:uru-nﬂo ‘7"*“'“'“”“".§§"'f.°“¢':'A§.':i:h1':n':p:PPnuﬁI.IaI¢ﬂt
....'.“_c..‘. j".”_',;... in utlthuoklnupn tall I .
' IOIINIQN OHITII I-GO-c D001. I48: IIOING .

   

 , ‘ A FAME AND‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY

Charlie Cooper’s Curves

, , " THE STAR PLAYER or THE
' UNKNOWN NINE

By Gaston Garne

 

‘ (A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER V.

The Great Game With Newark Continues.

' Joe was a good safe hitter, and 11131}? tW°'
haggers had marked his previous eﬁorts since the
season began. . _ . ,

He Knew he had to deal with _a professional
‘E  but that did not frighten him in _the least.
' Whiz! The ﬁrst ball pit ed was a high one-,-
away over his head, in fact, and the catcher let it

go to the net in front of the grand-_stand-

“One ball.” came from the umP11‘e- ,

Charlie Cooper walked down the coach line to

s¢§mehqw hilcotulld 1131:}; help thinking that Joe
' to 't .
, "_'§1.§°§_lZ§t ball ya; ash good one,‘ but the batter
mﬁaegelgtglkgllgare m .
Joe was ready for the next one} th°“8h-
~ V It came along‘ over thehouteﬁedge Of the Plate;
T ...'lBst about the eight of is c in. _
‘"7’ whack; The b_at hit the_ ball fairly, and the
, ,went almost in a line, Just too high for the
 sectondlbasematiitotoﬁggatt hold of.
oe egged I I‘ - .
“Now then, take it.‘ easy,” coached _Char11e.
_y “Theta is no particular hurry, Joe. Wait for a
L 800d. ance.” ,
_’ .There was such an upgoar over the hit that the
‘ Frtcher held the ball af r it was returned to him
‘ and stood like a statue. .
v _It was quite likely that he was not pleased at
being hit for a base by the ﬁrst player at the bat.
But he was a veteran player and he did not get

 
   
 
 
  
  

~di‘!When he got ready to deliver the next ball he
so.
g It was Han-in who was at the bat. _
%"“1'~‘oul-—strike! ’dcalled ‘thine gzrﬁnre. fotlikﬁgggngg
touched it an sent e over 8
‘Hie nd-stand. *
"’g- ...‘::''$ .‘2.‘*.“.3‘;.‘i.’1.”“‘t.':.":;;‘.§'.:’.":f,?1'm‘T.;“":c E:
18
‘line dirt in’ his box and getting ready.
ne . in worrying a béttter all ‘lllitliicﬁiglggl
‘Qnvh , d bein ssessed o a very
 o,whea£7as  success. , _ .
'  at the next ball and missed.
_, The onext  what ‘those _behind the catcher
gnu; . “beaut!” and Harrglgton was caught
 'gandwasforeedt,ore'l‘e- 
, Newark rooters setup a shout_ agt this; £01‘

. captain  shortstop of 1:119 U1!‘
, ‘stewed up, determined to do something-
 : A 5 ' - ‘ .

    
   
 
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
   

5-1

25

Harry was a good hitter, andhis judgment was
excellent.

That was how he came to be selected as cap-'

tain of the nine.

The ﬁrst was a ball. '

Then a strike was called on the batter, for the
best of them get fooled sometimes, and Harry
Hodge was no exception.

The pitcher very foolishly delivered the same '

sort of ball for the next.

Hodge hit it good and hard just oveiuthe third
baseman’s head and got to ﬁrst, sending Murray
to second.

“Mike Reilly up,” said the scorer.

But the Irish lad knew it was his try, and he
called. ’

was there almost before his name was

Reilly was an excellent baseman, but he was
a little nervous at the bat. -

The pitcher got him just where he wanted him
and struck him out.

There were two out now, and when Carl
Schmidt stepped up it was with a determination
to do or die.

The German boy was a batter.

He was also a good waiter, and he proved it
in this case.

The Newark pitcher did not want to give him -

a chance to hit it, evidently, for he had three balls
called on him, one after the other. T

“It would be better if you would let me hit it
once," said Schmidt, with a grin.

Then one came that was too high for him, but

he struck at it, just the same. _

“One strike!” was the umpire’s quick verdict.

The pitcher tried a wide curve this time, but
the German refused to take the bait.

A howl went up as the bases became'ﬁlled in
that fashion.

‘\ The faces of the boys were conﬁdent smiles
‘ now, for it looked like an even chance that a run
would be scored.

But the fates decreed otherwise. »

Dan Haypole was the next to the bat, and be
cracked out a high fly at the first ball pitched.

While the boys were legging it for all they
were worth the leftﬁelder of the home team was
getting under the ball.

Down it came into his hands, just as Murray
was within six feet of home plate.

“Out!” shouted the umpire.

But the Unknown boys were not disappointed.
They had failed to score, but they had shown they
could do something with the‘ stick, which was
more than their opponents had done so far.

No runs for either side in the ﬁrst inning.

It was certainly the starting of what every-
bod thought would be a very interesting game.

“ﬁat wait till our boys loosen up,” said one of
the stench adherents of the home team.
will soon make that unknown crowd of country
boys look sick.” »

_Some’of the fellow’s own friends laughed at

“Don’t you believe that," retorted one. “I want.

to see Newark win, as well as you do, but I’ll tell
you, they won't have an easy thing of it if thqy
do.”

As Charlie Cooper walked into the box to pitch 1

for the second inning he was of the ﬁrm opinion
that they would beat the Newarks. ‘ .—

He had never played ball before such aA.largc'_V V N M

\ p _ 4-—

 

‘Aw.

“They V

    
    

 .\‘.

 

 

I 26 ..

crowd before, but he was not the least bit dis-
turbed.

He pitched the same kind of ball as he had done
at ﬁrst in this inning, and though the Newaiks
found the ball three times, not a hit was made.

A goose egg for the home team again.

If there ever was a happy baseball crank it was
Fred Roberts. _

He offered all kinds of money on the Unknown
nine, but no one would take him up.

As the players were changing places for the
last h_alf of the second he got up and went over to
where two ladies were sitting.

One of them was his wife and the other her
sister.

The sister was not more than sixteen, but she
knew all about baseball. _ _

' “Oh, Fred!” she exclaimed, “I think the pitcher
of the Unknowns is just lovely!” , “ ,

“Do you?” was the laughing retort. Well, I ll
introduce him to you after he wins the game-

“Well, it looks to me as though those boys are
going to win,” said Mrs. Roberts. “I never saw
better playing in my life. Why, they all have
the coolness of veterans.”

“That’s right, Jennie. When I struck those
boys I was in the greatest baseball luck that ever
came to a man. I am ing to take that nine and
"travel as far as Buﬁa o with them this summer,
and yyu and Marjorie can accompany me If you

“Do you mean that, Fred?” the two ladies ‘

”asked in the same breath. _ _ ‘
“Certainly I do. But I did not know Just now
it would strike you to go traveling with a base-

 3’ <
  you are such a baseball enthusi-

, Y
’ ast that’! have caught the fever, and so has Mar-

‘orie. What could be nicer than a trip through
ew York State with a champion baseball team
of boys?”
"Nothing!" answered her sister.
r «wen, just watch the game; we’ll.talk about
the trip later. I stand to win a thousand dollars
on this game, and that young pitcher in the box
is going to win it for me.f’
‘ There!” critﬁl Ms:I')0ile, as a shout went up.
-4 as rue on .
T‘P'1eh§1t.§§ !ili‘oatIl‘iing!" exclaimed Roberts. ‘(Charlie
Cooper is at the bat next. He'll get to ﬁrst, I'll

I bet a million!"

' “Sh!”_ c utioned his wife. “Don't oﬁer to wager
“ , was e re -
""°“’.-7.1%“ - iii» th 1y
All elyxegs were turned lipon the crack pitcher

as he stepped to the plate to have a chance at,

the ball. _
As he had struck out the pitcher of the oppos-
ing team, it was quite natura that the man should
. be eager to return the compliment. ,
But he had the toughest propositionthat had

I" ever been put to him, for Charlie always made

it a point to hit the ball, whether it resulted in

 .‘ a base or not.

The ﬁrst one was called a ball, for it was much

Jorced to ' ha k f .
_  caclledrglzt the umpire.

The next was a high straight one, but our hero
rcaehédjt and sent it sailing over the head of the.

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

He reached first easily, and there was such a
burst of applause and waving of hats and hand-
kerchiefs that he was really forced to take of his
cap and bow to the crowd. ~

Charlie Cooper had surely made himself the
favorite on the Newark diamond that day.

' cnaprnlt VI.
A Villainous Plot.

After Fred Roberts left the crowd of sporting
men on the grand—stand the black—bearded man
also got up and walked away. V

He went on around to where the beer and other
refreshments were sold.

There was a, peculiar look in his eyes as he cast
a glance at the young pitcher, who was then mov-
ing toward the box.

“Strange that I should come here toda ,” he
muttered. “I never dreamed that the U11 own
nine was composed of mere boys,’ and that Char-
lie Cooper was one of them. But what makes the
case more strange is that this man Fred Rob-
erts is backing the boys. Roberts is the man I
came to ﬁnd something about, and here he is the
sponsor for Charlie Cooper, a boy I ought to fear
more than any other person on the earth, unless it
be Ben Spikes.” ~

As the man got rid of these thoughts he shook
his head and rubbed his chin-beard as though
he was trying to ﬁnd a way to do something des-
perate.

It was just at that minute that a tough-looking
fellow was being ejected from the grounds by a
couple of oﬂicers.

He had climbed over the fence, the same as
some of the little boys had done, and had been
caught in the act.

- The instant the eyes of the black-bearded man
rested upon the fellow it struck him that he was
one of the sort who will do almost anything, pro-
viding they are paid for it.

Stepping forward, he touched one of the oﬂicers '

on the arm and asked what the trouble was.
“The guy climbed over the fence to see the
game,” -was the reply. “He hasn’t any money,
and he'll get fanned with my club when he goes
out through the gate.”
“Well, never mind putting him out. I'll pa
for him.’ I suppose he must be much ..inte

in baseball, or he wouldn't have tried to get in, 

when he didn’t have the money to pay his way.
Here’s half a dollar; let him go.”

That altered the case at once. One of the man-
agement stepped up and took the money and the
policeman let go of the fellow.

The black-bearded man nodded for the rescally- - ‘:-
looking fellow to follow him and made his way to _.
the rough bar, where the drinks were being dis--

Poséd 0 . . .
“Have something to drink, my friend,” he said;
“you look as though you need it." ' I

“I guess I do, boss!" exclaimed the man. “I

ain’t had a real good drink today.”

“Well you can have just what you want. I 
have taken an interest in you, Just because yol'— ‘-

tried to, get in to see the game, when you had‘ no

 

one .’ ~
'”«nl; funny thatyou did, boss. _Folks  ~

  

 ,ly stand ready ter help chuck 9. feller out when
he does what I done.” _
“Well, I don’t happen to be one of those kind-
What is your name?”
f‘Bill Butts.”
“Good! Mine is Neville. Perhaps we_may be
able to do some business before the game 13 °V°1'-"
Bill Butts looked at him shr_ewdl_ . The fel-
wasno fool, and it was quite li ely that he
thought. he was in the company of a vil_1am- _
. He took his drink of whis that N8V11l€ W35
kind enough to pay for, and 1; en suggested that
they go and look at the game-
The black-bearded man assented.‘ 5}) they Walked
and took a standing position near the
blea ers. , .
It was the last half of the second_ mmng and
Chtarlie Cooper had reached third, with two men
on

“Do you see that boy on third?” Neville whis-

«Ye, boss,” answered Bill Butts, just as though
he knew what was coming next. “I r’eck9n 3'03
don't like him, so I'll tell you that I don t, either.

i A “You don't like him?” queried Neville; 1o<>_1m;§

It the man sharply. “Why 6103'‘ Y0“ 111“; hlmgl
an ’ boss, I’ sort 0 min -
.~ Cf“; l:yii)<‘>1w‘_i;')<l>‘ut jest hatenttligt b0Y.‘311’ ;“}.“",t

' you'd like ter git square on him for somet in.

in

jest ther. man yer want ter do it for yer.”
Neville remained silent for a moment.
“I stand to lose a thm1Sa1,!,d (30113-!‘S if the E?‘
_ wn nine wins the game, he said in a W is-
«‘;._ per.



“That big is the pitcher, and the smartest
player on the eld. If something were to happen
to him the game would surely be won by Newark-
_It is worth just ﬁve hundred dollars to me if

- n
_ “Gee! halt‘: a lott‘bfhir‘ibney, boss! I guess I'll
have to try an’ earn it.’ W
goo canlklenep a still’ tongue. I “P9050-
Il M83. _
_ _ " “ﬁgegsten diillara to_ bind the bargain. ,the§-
‘ _ ber! Charlie Cooper must be hurt——lf e
v ‘lkilled it will be all the better—-so he cannot
pitching the game for the Unkzgwn ‘wad
“I understand yer just as well as oug
« talkin’ it over for a week. So Charlie Coop—
‘or is ther boy’s name, eh?" ,
' ii “So I understand.” . ’ ,

. “All right. Xjou jest so an’ 81* .01: th.°'h8'“““I;
ltlnd an’ leave it ter me. §ometh1n will a :8
«egg; (gharue cooper agorgnllile §‘l1lt8t1sf”al| hour 0 er,
ﬂ sure in name is I - , . .
" It wasaiunyat that minute that Mike Remy hit

    
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
     
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
 

'it';for home a yell Went “P ‘ha "°“ld have
‘ heard a mile. ' ' x Z ,
Charlie scored on the hit, and when Neville, his
wn enemy,’realized that the Unknows wire
_in the lead a muttered oath came from 13

He turned and walked ravidl to the grand-
 relyingonthe scoundrel chad hired to

- C 35 But. its made re. the bar the arst

C {at _ that Neville could  -have se-
Nmanwvctter ﬁtted
_ Nevada

l*‘AME  FORTUNE WEEKLY _ .. e  ~ -

’ ball, and he was up to every

E St a safe one to center, and as our hero legged ~

-fox-his pui-pose'ifl_lio.

 

.27

Butts was one of the worst criminals the State
had ever produced.

He was as shrewd as he was villainous, but he
had a failing. He would drink, and when rum
was in his body shrewdness left him. ‘

The man be an ﬁlling up with whisky, no doubt
wanting to ma e up for lost time.

With all his villainy, he liked to see a game of

int in it.

But what he did to earn e ﬁve hundred will
be seen later.

Reill went out while trying to steal second, so
the Un nowns went to the ﬁeld again. -

But they had scored the only run so far, and
they were happy and more conﬁdent than ever.

The third inning was truly a battle with
pitchers. ' .

Charlie struck three men out and not a hit was .

made. «

The Unknowns had a man on third when the
third out was made.

At the beginning of the fourth Charlie felt that
he had just warmed up to his work.
beyever had he had such good control of the ball

ore.

And Ben Handy, the catcher, was right in his
element. Thetwo worked together so nicely that
some of the spectatirs styled it the “Invincible
Battery.” " '

The Newark players were not a little worried.

It seemed that they could alreadw feel the sting '
of defeat, and to be beaten by an unknown nine
of boys was not to their liking.

’ So far the basemen and ﬁelders had had abso-
lutely nothing to do in the Unknown nine.

“It is better you let ’em hit it once in a while,
Charlie,’ said Schmidt the left-ﬁelder, as he
walked out into the ﬁeld for the fourth inning.
“I would like to catch a ﬂy already.’ '

“Never mind about that, Carl,” e u the
young captain of the nine. “It is arlie oo_
ers curves that will win for us, if we win at a
Don't forget that.”

The game proceeded. \

The first man at the bat struck out, anda deaf-
ening yell went up. '

The majority of the spectators were plainly
with the visiting team now, which was something
that was almost unheard of.

* The next man up was the tall, slim fellow who
liked to hunt so well. '
Our hero decided to let him have a chance.-

He sent in a. straight one and started for home
plate the moment he delivered the ball.

It was a hunt all right, but Charlie had the ball
before the batter was half-way to ﬁrst.

Charlie let the ball drive like a meteor foniirst
and Joe Murrays hands received it like an ex- ,
pected guest that was more than welcome. . 

The printer turned and walked to the playeg’ '

disgust.

“-..

bench with an exclamation of ‘
The "next man up hit three times in succession ~ , . j.
at the quick outcurves Charlie let him have. _ 
That retired the side. ‘ 
But the Newarks were playing as they ‘hid: ‘ff 
never done before, and they shut out the visitors
in their half, of the inning. -
Intheﬁftliitwasaboutthesame. Charlie‘
struck two men outaudthethird fouled oot'tn.
Benliandy, '  n V 

   
   

  
 
  
 

   

 _ 28

 

 

I%mmdHﬂm&m&h

NEW YORK, DECEMBER 3, 1926

TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

Single Copies ................. . .Postage Free 8 cents
One Copy Three Hontha ..... .. " " 1.00
One Copy Six Months. . . . . . . . .. " " 2.00

One Copy One Year .......... .. " " 4.00
Canada. $4.50; Foreign. 5.00.
HOW TO SEND ﬂ0NEY—At our risk aend_ I‘. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in‘ any other way are at your risk. We_ accept Postage
Stun s the same as cash. when sending silver wrap
the in in I separate piece or paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.
Address letter: to - ' ~
_WES'l‘BURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
168 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C.
III!) KNIGHT. Pros. and freon.
II. N. IABI. Vieelﬁoo. and Boo.

INTERESTING ARTICLES

‘LETTER IN MAIL 30 YEARS
. Henry Jlaklia of West Fitchburg in 1_896
mailed a letter to Alexander Lima, Jacobsville,
Mich. He ‘ha just received the missive back.
On the envelope was stamped the notation that
no such person lived at’ that address. ,

LIFE OF WOODEN SHIPS _

Wooden ships, notwithstanding the perils they
encounter, usuallv outlast their uilders. In the
mercantile marine are a number of ships which
have passed the century mark. The True Love,
launched in England in 1764, is still aﬂoat. The
Two Brothers, built at Plymouth, England, in
1788, and the Good Intent, which took the water
two years later. are still in actual service.

WORLD'S FASTEST WHEEL
The fastest revolving wheel in the world, ac-

_cording to estimates of experts, is the turbine

wheel on the special supercharger of _the airplane
used by Lieut. John Macready in his recent at-
tempts to better the world's altitude record. It
revolves at the almost inconceivable, speed of
40,000 revolutions a mmute—almost 700 a sec-
ond, says Popular Science Monthly. This is about
twenty times the highest speed of an automo-
bile crank-shaft

V

 

BEARS’ EVIDENCE FREES THEIR
KEEPER IN COURT '
The “Bear Pit of Berne” is known all over the

..world. Tourists from every country have gazed

down into the basin of the capital of the Swiss

A ' I Confederation at thepbruins which have been kept

ere" for centuries.
For the first time in the annals of law courts

a two bears from the Berne pit were recognized as
zgaphble witnesses. J _
. had brought charges of cruelty against the head

One of the assistant keepers

. As a part of his defense. the head

_ o the apprehension of the Judge and at-

, appeared for trial Jollowed by two of
 ,'1‘he complaining, witness described
has-§];;e,.-Janirxials, even the two brought into the

‘had been ‘badly treated. . ,

 

  

FAME ANDFORTUNE WEEKLY ’

Counsel for the head keeper asked if the Court
would permit him to introduce, as the only wit-
ness for his client, the bears themselves. The
Court consented, whereupon the two animals were
led before the Bench. The complaining witness
and several other attendants of the bear pit were
asked to come down from their places and con-
front the bears. -

To the consternation of everyone except the
head keeper and his lawyer, one of the bears,
showing; his dislike for the attendant before him,
moved menacingly toward his supposed defender

‘ in an effort to administer a savage cuff. The ar-

gument proved sufficient and the Judge dis-
missed the complaint against the head keeper,
who, followed by the two bruins, walked out of
the court room.

LAUGHS ‘

Mrs. Scrappy—I’d like to dance over your
grave, that’s what I'd like to do! Scrappy—
Well, you never will. I’ve put a clause in my will
requesting my executors to have me buried at sea.

 

J immy——Ain’t yer glad school’s begun? Billy-
Naw. Vacation suits me. Look at the fun we
had playin’ ball, an’ ﬁshin’, an’ everything. Jim-

my——Yes; but Just think how much more fun we'd - ‘

have a-playin’ hockey.

Mrs. Housewife—Bridget, that is the seventh
piece of china that you have broken within the
last two days. Brid et-I know it, mum. At the
last place I wor-rkeg the folks never ate off any-
thing but gold and silver. .

“How will “yﬁu have  eggs cooked?” asked
El§..?2§5“f.f£.uar.a“‘€i‘iJ‘2.lst3mZ§f”§§ui?o.§§’i‘§;.°3Sz§o‘?5 ..
“Then cook ’em with a nice slice of ham,” said
the customer, greatly relieved.

Customer-—If you ever send me another piece of
meat like the last, I’ll take away my custom.
Butclier——What’s the matter with it? Customer
—Why, it was so tough, that when it was cooked
I couldn't get my fork even into the gravy.

 

“Oh!” she suddenly exclaimed, “I wish I were
a man!” “What would you do?” he asked. “I'll
not say what I would do, but there is one thing

I will confess, that I wouldn't sit around as if I , *

had handcuﬁs on when I happened_to be alone’
with a girl.” ‘

Old Gentleman—Why are you crying, my little

‘man? Small Boy (sobbing)-—I dreamt last night

dat de school burned down, and—— d Gen-»
tleman. (sympathetically)—Oh! but I don’t
lieve that it has. Small Boy—Neither do I-

kin see de top of it right over de hill dere!

 Mann—Did you see-that woman just as we: 7 1'

crossed over? Mrs. Mann—You mean the 

man in the camel's hair gown and heavy 

jacket; the one who had on bronze shoes, is lief"

trimmed with fuchsias and heliotrope, withpilﬂrj 5
ribbons and a chiffon veil? No, I didn't notioelqerf’

in particular.

What were you going to say about;
her? _ '  '

 

be-ill.
ﬁt.

   
 
 

  

A Clever Thief

‘From time to‘ time the general public reads of
1. some wonderful jewel robbery, and marvels at the
‘ Sagacity of those thieves who prefer to turn their
talents,‘ often of the highest order, to a dishonest
account, when they might make a proﬁtable and
7 honorable livelihood. But. there_have been one
 V or two audacious robberies which have never
 found their way into the newspapers, from some
cause or another best known to the losers. some
days ago we  the pleasure of meeting one of
partners in a wholesale Jewelry business,
dealin principally with the better class Of West
End s ops, though they are always ready to ac-
cept a private customer. In course of time con-
‘f Vjeraation turned upon jewelry robberies, and for
3. . bolnething over an hour the_new acquaintance kept
E us interested while he detailed more than one au-
I-." dacious plot by which the ﬁrm suffered loss. After
-'»- ,the silence which followed a tale of more than
 usual interest, one of the circle asked the n31‘1'3t°1'
If ever private customers were tempted to rob
him. The answer was the following story: _

_ Pa-1-ups the loss we ever had was, in
V , a-measure, due to one of the bestcIISt0l’Y_I€1’S Of the
ﬁrm, a member of the Upper House. with 8 WW1‘
a residence in Arlington street, and _no one knows
how many seats and estates in different parts
of the country, His dau hter was to be'married.

.I was in the counting use one morning some
two months before the marriaze 631139 °f_fv d‘:°f“35‘
' in; it with my partner, both wondering i _we
‘ A have an order from the earl, when a slim-

iodkin gentleman came in and laid a note up°n

' jthe . ‘ It was an order from the earl to Te‘
,7 r at once to Arlington street with ‘a parure of
_,. g _ Dd,’ of which we make a specialty. I at;
’ ranged to call a little later in the day. 3 fact 0
which I informed the slim gentleman. But toward
the afternoon I recieved another note '0)’ 319' Same
- Hand, advising me that his lordship had left to_wn
. . suddenly for M—— Castle, his seat in Loamshire,
I  that I was to come down there for instruc-
tions in the course of the following day_.
' member being somewhat annoyed at the time, for
 an important engagement on the lni(r>&l'0W-
but I/had to swallow my impatience and orm
the messenger that I would do myself the honor of
obeying his lordship’: commands. MY Palmer
'4," 3 in the inner oﬂlce, and it was mY_dlltY 5°

mi him the letter. Judge of my Surprise when
.I'could ﬁnd neither of the earl’s notes, tb0|18‘h I
distinctly remember placin the second one upon
"‘° ‘°“" "°‘°’°i ’”°i"'l'1l’° n§'“i?ui’"§? iihiemffé
"aengerniy re y. _ oug e
a, ‘time, th h glow their loss affected me after-

»  you I hear. ,

I went down to M—— the f0ll0Wl

...'k.s-

 
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
    
      
       
  
 
    
   
     
      
   
   
    
    
     
      
  
   
 
  

  

da with
~ , , ' be re or
‘ amen ° "‘i'“.?."§..°5 {E32 i..'.‘§"a°t‘iZi§e°‘é%y tholiisand
 ,’Vya'mds"worth about me altogether. I knew the
- as very well by ‘sight. yhough I had never gag
"' personal interview _wi him before. I ad
».. any seen him in the countin_g-hous§. 811
listened to his pecul1l»!'lY  ‘7°l°°?|“
A stern voice, witiiic: {ouch ngliggnogtlfgonge
» §"';il:>  to ﬁnd fault with

  

  
 

 

7+ _ I FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 29

my reception; an elegant luncheon awaited me
in the dining-room, and his lordship’s own man
—the slim gentleman aforesaid——was told to
administer to my creature comfort. He was ex-
tremely chatty and agreeable, without being the
least forward as “gentlemen’s gentlemen" too
often are: and asked a variety of questions about
my business, commiserating me upon the anxiety
I must suffer in traveling the country with so
vast and tempting treasures in my possession.

I will not detain you with the result of my
interview with. the earl and his daughter. I
was fortunate enough to have in in possession
the precise ornaments they requir
returned to town that night, well pleased with
my journey and the big check in my pocket, I
congratulated myself that my treasures were so
considerably lightened since the morning. It was
more than twelve months before I heard from the
earl again. - .

.It was one dull November morning, with a
fog beginning to settle over the city so dense
that he had lighted the gas, though it was niot
long past eleven, when a visitor was ushered
into the counting-bouse—-no one else
slim gentleman, who gave a smiling recognition
and held out a note for my persual. I was some-
what astoiiished and not a little pleased when
I saw that it was an order from his lordship for

a parure of diamonds; in fact, almost the same‘

order as 1 had received nearly eighteen months
before. I pointed out this resemblance to the
slim gentleman in a jocular way. To in sur-
prise, his face grave,
around cautiously, as if afraid of eavesdroppers,
and coming a little closer, began in a signiﬁ-
cant tone: \

“Of course, you understand, sir, that conﬁ-
dential seryants are often obliged to know things
that it is yell other people should be ignorant
of. Every noble family has its skeleton, and
our family has theirs. Now, in the first place,
have you another set of diamonds the counter-
part of the others my lord purchased?"

I intimated that we had such another set, as
the earl must remember, but my visitor waived
the question aside impatiently.

“You might possibly have sold it,” he said, “and
there is no time to make another. The fact is,
Lady R , who is staying with us now, must
wear those jewels at a dance we are 'ving to-
morrow. And that is where the diﬂic ty comes
in, for they have been stolen!”

“Good gracious. you don't say! But why make
a mysteryof the matter?" ‘

_ “Because we happen to know who the thief
is!" said the valet, dropping his voice still lower.
“To a great extent, I was instrumental in detect-
ing the delinquent myself. It is a deplorable
a air, a shocking alfair——such a promising young

tleman, too. Mr. ——-, we must have those
Jewels at any rice. If not, one of the highest
families in the and will be terribly compromised.
go ri’ot be at Arlington street later than half-past

o. ‘

The drawing-room blinds were down; the shut-
ters, too, all over the house, with the exception of
the dining-room. In the clearer atmosphere it

was fairly light. light enough to do without gas. ‘ i

In the front dininz-room a young man was stand-

34

;and as I-

and be ookedu

  
 

 able contempt.

alias-i2.:a.

  

30
ing before the ﬁre, who pleasantly introduced
himself to me as the Hon. Claude V———, a name

I lmew well enough, though I _had never seen the
young gentleman before. In spite of his naturally
amiable manner, I thought he seemed anxious,
and ill at ease, frequently breaking oﬁ in the
middle of some conversation to listen to the sound
of voices which came plainly enough from be-
hind the thin, ornamental partition dividing the
two rooms, and whence the earl’s peculiar grating
voice could be heard every now and then raised
in something like anger. I could catch from time
to time allusions to diamonds, and occasionally
the word “thief” was used in words of immeasur-
In the middle of this the door
opened and the gentlemanly valet walked in.
Even he seemed somewhat restless and uneasy.
a circumstance I should scarcely have expected
from a person of his unusually even temperament.
He held in his hand an open telegram and a letter
for me, the ink was still wet_upon the envelope.
I tore it open and read. that his lordship had sud-
denly been summoned to M——— Castle, the _valet
at the same time showing me the telegram signed
“Mary.” ~

“You will have to go down to M to-mori-ow.
sir-,2 he said to me, “unless, perhaps. YOU 11376
no objection to allowing the ear] to take the
jewels with him. However, for the present that
matters but little.” _ . _

I immediately yexpi-wsed my _W111mg'n9SS 170
comply with this arrangement. With seeming re-
instance, the valet took my bag _and presently I

the sound of conversation in the adyoming

apartment. _
is a way out of it!”

“Thank goodness, there _ _
I hear the earl say. “No, I will not look at any-
thiiigelsenow. Takethebagbacktolir.-_—
at once. And, Evans, I must have a
mediately.” ' _ _

“_You are usually cautious in your p fession,"
remarked the Hon. Claude to me, as I_made a
hurried inventory. of the various costly nicknacks
I had brought with
for even conﬁdential seryants are not always to
be trusted. “Nothing missing, I trust?” _ _

There was nothing missing, as I smilmgly
hastened to reply, though my answer was drown-
ed by the rattle of a cab on the pavement out-

side. I heard the earl’s voice in the hall admon-
ishing the faithful Evans, and caught a _glimpse
ofhiswell-knownﬁgureasheclimbedintothe

cab. As the horse sped rapidly away,_my com-

. panion heaved an voluntary sigh of relief

‘£01’ course, yowhave guessed there is some-
thing wrong, Mr. ,” he said, gravely. _ ‘ I am
not at liberty to favor you with any s, but
you will be doing us all a favor by_ observing a
discreet silence concerning ev g thﬁt Y0“

Needless to say I promised, also, that I fully
intended to adhere to_ that resolution, I stayed
ghatﬁng with my aristocratic acquaintance for
some time, considerably taken by his’pleasant
cliathr andkeen observation of.men and things.
Judge my su rise when, on looking at my watch.
I found it to . past four. I had already missed
on appohitment by my carelessness, and I ex-
cused myself hurriedly, and half an hour later
I was back a ' at ‘our counting-house in ﬂaton
As drove, up another cab stopped at



I may have heard the last half hour.”

  

t‘ .

 

ineonthechanceofasaleg.

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

the door, and out of it descended a ﬁgure which
ﬁlled me with astonishment. It was the Earl
of himself. He seized me hurriedly by the
arm, contrary‘ to his usual digniﬁed manner and
bearing, and almost forced me into the office.
Once there, he lost no time in telling me the
occasion for his errand, a narrative, which as it
proceeded, more than confirmed my worst fears.

“I thought it best not to telegraph you,” he
commenced; “electric messages get into suspicious
hands occasionally, so I came up from M
straight here.”

“You have only just arrived in town, my lord?"
I asked feebly. “Do I understand that?”

“I reached Paddington scarcely half an hour
ago. The fact is, that the jewels I had from you
for my daughter have been stolen!”

As coherently as I could I told my tale and
fortunately was able, to produce the two notes
in evidence of _my sanity, which up to this time
had been open to argument.

“I am afraid, very much afraid, that you've
been the victim of a cleverly planned robbery.
Yesterday morning Evans came to me and asked
for two days’ holiday, a favor which I need not
tell you was readily granted It was only last
night that my daughter, who is staying at M——,
with her husband, discovered that she had been
robbed. Of course, none of us suspected Evans.
I should not have suspected him now if I had not
seen you, and my object in coming here was to
get a technical description of the missing jewels
for the use of the Scotland Yard people. What
a pity I_did not come earlier!"

_l§ythistimeIwasinafr-ameofrnindsu.s-
picious enough to make me suspect any one, in-
cluding the earl himself.

“I have a good memory, Mr. -—,” said. my

visitor, kindly, “and I recognize these letters as ,

the two I wrote you prior to my daughter’; mu».
riage. Evan's, I understand, delivered both of
them, _and must have stolen them while your
back was turned, with a view to this very robbery.
It is true that I have a son‘, Claude, only, unfor-
tunately for your theory, he is at present with
his regiment in the West Indies."
“But I could have sworn to your lordship’:
ﬁgure as I saw you getting into the cab; and,
pardon me, I could make oath to your voice
.among a million."
“You recall a little circumstance I had wits
forgotten,” the earl replied, in amused retroupee
. tron. “Evai_is,_Ireg_ret to say, was uncommonly
.-ﬂéver at mimicry; indeed, on one occasion I an
informed that be presumed to counterfeit my
dress and general style, even to in voice, for
the amusement of a select circle of riends, in a
manner which filled them with astonishment.”

We drove to Scotland yard together and lfd I

our complaint before the authorities. They were
v wise and conﬁdent; but, as I ' '
culprit was never captured.
Claude” was‘ picked u some few months later,
but he turned out to only a catspaw in the
hands of the older and able!’ But
the astute ‘Evans, the successful mimic, was never

,tho
“Hon;

found, and those two s lendid parnres remain’

lost to the world to this y. But in co

of the daring robbery. being committed un hh
own roof, the Earl of —— insisted upon maklz
good our loss. ,

‘A

.
-I

\

  

 “SILENT DEATH” GUN TESTED BY
GERMAN POLICE

A new gun that deals (out silent death through
compressed air is being tried out before repre-
sentatives of the German army and P°h°e- The
gun can shoot twenty-ﬁve bullets before reload-
ing is necessary. The ordinary infantry Elm
hods six bullets. . .

The bullets pi-ojectgd by compressed 3" P'*:«I.r}';‘°

, arnior plate at a distance _of 5,000 feet. e
whistle of the ﬂying bullets 15 the 9!“? “°‘5° “ﬁe
gnn makes. The inventor is positive th_at_,big
cannon can be constructed on the same principle.

 

WOOD FOR AUTO FUEL
A motortruck that uses waste wood as fuel

Anodation for the Advancement of Science. Gas
was generated on board the '_h°t°’-' fml" 51131:
‘blocks of wood and was  1}‘ an engme T;
-= -1- run on W ml 1‘ at ‘‘‘.”°i'i§‘‘;‘.§’.¥;...i..‘3
’ "'"...;..°‘°:.::.:'.“:.;‘: .‘:*':;..'*.“*.u*’i;‘“x.;ues on a 
 -rter’s worth of fuel.

FIRST AIRPLANE SLEEPER LEAVES
BERLIN FOR L0N.D0N,', I.
. The ﬁrst Europegn “ﬂying” sleeper left Ber in
for London receiitlY- , It 35. 3 new 33:5 3%
batros airplane. equipped. ‘"9? If“? "gh ,5_
horsepower each and With 918 t e3 er 9

  
  

1,,

. _ genger chairs which, by a sim le mechanism. can

  
   
    
  
   
  
 

, lIe"t1-ansformed ih?° f°‘“' '98“ 31' berths °f Stand"
V ard 8leeping—car size. .

 Two oinciais of the German Aiirtgmztmsggcgﬁg
-‘ ‘ Alhtros Air; lane Coﬂrilphhy ah °
wleclinedon esecouc_eS- . .
 ‘ Light meals and drinks are l:ltlllI(!il:;e‘;¥uSs€erVtﬁ‘el
" ‘en route by a cabin _b0Y- Ft *3 “‘ °

aerial sleeper for night ﬂights-

,DEs1~1;oYs ISLAND IN‘ BIG
v°LCAmi))isi>LAY AT SESQUI

- ' sterpiece of
H  °'n°;g.,e¢,-3:3: migddgedmﬁys? ghuliidgig Gordon in
' the yrotecltilnic display, “Hawaiian Nightsz". at
V '«the gesqui-Centennial International EXPOSWIOH.
\. . g held in Philadelphia. The spectacle
is staged daily on the Gladway._ ,
)1 1;]; n 300 persons, including» ballet _g1_rlS
 oﬂnawaigian warriors take D8145 h‘ the fthtliilhhg
,. . . 1;‘ e is-
":....H’°“i:? lii7°éd‘3§icL'Kot°ii’§§ndfsti3'af.'°I'5a(5ive ritff
' and ceremonies and the reproduction of a_mar 1

 
  
 
 
  
 
   

‘" which the show is Stated Sehts 10'000 pers°nS'

 

    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

/

NEW ATOM THEORY ' .
- ‘ electrons, hith-
.ﬂb‘ lhghdes evertosthlelllliretlslghlllgset things in the
. SIIjIi3‘l;099gm_1_ound the parts of which atoms
 - - t “y “cord,-ng to a suggestion made by
3 ' hpvfhomgon in his recent Kelvin lecture

9“ e Institution of Electrical Engineer?
. in‘ to modem notions an atom consists

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS

was exhibited recently at a meeting 0f the Frehch '

An entire island is seen destroyed by 8 V01‘ '

are features of the vrN1“°ti°h- Th° arena ‘

‘ sturdy reliable, s le,

“In-,1, fgthgg massive, nucleus charged,

  

{3}

with positive electricity called a proton, sur-
rounded at relatively great distances by ultra-
minute particles of negative electricity called

electrons, which rotate in diﬁerent orbits around
the nucleus.

The new theory assumes that both the
and its satellite electrons are surrounded y an
atmosphere of much smaller particles, the im-
pact of which on the protons and electrons causes
them to vibrate and send out ene y. “Both pro-
ton and electron must be regar as nebular
systems,” Sir Joseph stated.

Theory indicates that the vibrations or oscil-
latory_movements _of protons and electrons should
give rise to electrical waves, and Sir Joseph be-
lieves that such waves are actually produced, al-
though ordinarily they are unable. to escape from
the outer conﬁnes of the atom, being reﬂected
back into the interior. The so-called “ uanta" of
light he believes to consist of bundles 0‘ electrical
waves shot out from the atom at the same time
as ordinary electro-magnetic waves.

roton

 

sEvEN AGES or MAN TAKE No TOLL
or THIS TIMEPIECE

If yours is a Lifetime watch, you are insured
against breakage, rust, decay, ﬁre, shipwreck.
baby's whims, tornadoes, violence,
tear. After ten years’ success with the Lifetime
watch, Macy's department store, New York City,
reaﬁirms its guaranty against every possible ac-
cident, save actual loss or theft.

Lifetime watches, all government tested, are
obtainable only at Mac 3, and the name is a reg-
istered trade mark. ewly selected models have
just arrived. ’

If causualty of any nature whatsoever utterly
ruins this perennial timepiece—whether it be a
storm or a riot, an earthquake or a plunge out
the thirtieth-story window—save the pieces!
Bring them to Macy's, and if the expert watch-
makers there cannot put them together again,,
you will be presented with a new Lifetime watch.
with everything intact including the same old
guaranty.

If the watch for any reason is in need of ’re-
pairs, such reparation will be made free of

charge. If it needs a thorough cleaning it will C A

get it, and you will .have it back as good as
new. If you drop it into the sea. ﬁsh it out, take
it back where you got it, and it will be rejuve-
nated or replaced. If it stops a bullet, thank
heaven and take what's left to Macy's. -

You simply cannot lose time with a Lifetime
watch, unless it is stolen or vanishes be 'ond any
retrieving. You cannot even lose money. Yet
this marvel may be had in the Jewelry Depart-
ment on the street ﬂoor at Macy's for ninety-
eight dollars and ﬁfty cents, while the
tation model, with extra ‘embellishments,
hundred and fourteen.-

The Lifetime watch

costs a

_ enclosing a , _twenty-thr-up
jewel movement a Jiisted to six positionswithin,
a case of fourteen-karat green or av_liite= gold. , v’

 

  

and wear and '

Presen- -

is made in America infa ‘

    

 OUR TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They contain
V . Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

. Re. (2. THE BOYS 0!‘ NEW YORK STUNT
'BPnAXEl.—-Containing a varied assortment of stump
speeches. Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end men's jokes.
\!to. 44. How 10 Will’! IN AN AI.BUM.—A grand
collection of Album Verses suitable for any time and
occasion: embracing Lines of Love, Aifection. Sentiment.
Humor. Respect. and Condolence; also Verses Suitablo
_ for Valentines and Weddings.
lo. I2. now to PLAY CABns.—A complete and
handy ‘little bol<y>k.hgivin%r§ma, rules ans tull1;lirretvc’ti;ons
for us uc re. age. a no. 0 - ve.
Rounlcae. ’Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch. All
Fours. and many other popular games of cards.
No. 58. now To WRITE LE'l"l"EBS.—A wonderful
little book. telling you how to write to your sweetheart.
 ‘ your father. mother. sister. brother. employer: and in
' ' fact everybody and anybody you wish to write to.
l ' No. 55. HOW TO C0l’.LEC'!‘ STAMPS ANT! COIN’S.—
I“ Containing valuable information regarding the collect-
. ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Handsomely
illustrated.
No. 57. HOW TO KAI}! MUSICAL INﬁ'l‘RITM‘l’.'N'l'!.
—Full directions how to make a Banjo. Violin. zither.
Aeolian Harp. Xylophone and other musical instruments:
together with a brief description of nearly every musi-
cal instrument used in ancient or modern times. Pro-
fusely illus ted. »
X0. 58. H W TO BE A DE’l'EC‘l'IVE.——By Old King
_ Brady. the well—kuown detective. In which he lay
' . down some valuable rules for beginners. and also re-
lates some adventures of well-known detectives.

No. 61. HOW TO BECOME A BOWLl".'R.—A complete
v manual of bowling. Containing full instructions for

laying all the standard American and German games:
together with rules and systems in use by the principal
bowling clubs. 2

No. 64. H W TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINES.
—Containi full directions rfor making electrical ma-
chines. in uctlon coils. dynamos. and many novel toys
to be worked by electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. F_ul y

illustrated
No. 67. HOW TO DO ELECTRICAL 'l"RICKS.—-Con-
I taininz a large collection of instructive and highly
amusing electrical tricks. together with illustrations. By
’ z,’ A. Anderson. ‘ V

No. 09. HOW TO DO SLEIGFIT-OF-I!AN"D.—Con.taiIr
ing over fifty of the latest and. best tricks used b ma~
gicians. Also containing the secret of second ght.
Fully illustrated "

No. 12. ‘HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WITH’ CARDS.
_1/imbracinz all of the latest and ‘most deceptive card
tricks. with illustrations.

‘ No. 73. HOW TO ‘DO 'I"RI(7RS WITH N'IlMBI'1RS.—-
Showing many curious tricks with iitzuren and the

' « magic of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated.
 . No. 74. HOW TO Wlwrr: Lr:'r'rr:ns coRRw'.c'n.Y._.

"' (‘onfaining full instructions for writing letters on al-
- most any subject: also rules for punctuation and com-

position. with specimen letters. o

No. 70. now To '!"l7:'L‘L ron'rmw:s,nv -rm‘: HAND. ‘

7. ‘ —-Containing r'ules for telling fortunes by the aid of
I yﬁnpg of tho hand. or the secret of nnlmistry. Also the
gpcret nf telling future events by aid oi‘ mole. marks.
_c(yy|rﬁ_ etc, Tlluetrllterl.
No. 11. HOW TO no rnwrv TRICKS Wrrn

. . 1 1i i are nnl magicians
‘ax? 73.“!-:(£;1$""i"l‘\y‘I1l’.'|"()'!\(l'.' AN Ac-ron.—canmnmc
complete instructions how to ma}-'0 un for various
characters on the stage: together with the duties of the
Stage Manager, Promoter. Scenic Artist and Property
“:33. 80. Gl"S WILLIAMS‘ JOKE BO0K.—Contninlnz
the latest jokes. anecdotes and funny stories of this
‘ray-](}-r9nnWﬂP(I German comedian.

‘ No. 82. HOW TO DO PALM1s'I'BY.—-Containing the
vmogt approved methods of reading the lines on the
ham], together with a full explanation of their meaning.
Also explaining nhrenolozy. and the key for telling
character by the hnmml on the head. By Leo H020
Koch. A.C.S. Fully illustrated. _

30|’lll0§!allnewa'<leal¢-rs.>orwlllbo'Iel¢“|'7
address on reoslpfol price. 10:. per 0007.
' lnmsoﬂsoratailll-57

nanny 1;. WOLFF. Publisher. Inc. _
wares; _ 4 ' new York cxtr

 

    

CAgDg__(‘.~,nminim_v dpq-nntive (‘:-.rd »Trlcks as peri'orm- .

Fame and Fortune Weekly 0'

— LATEST ISSUES
H59 On Pirate's Isle; or. The Treasure of the song

Craters.

1080 A Wall Street Mystery: or. The Boy Who Beg:
the syndicate.

1061 Dincik I-Iadley’s Mine: or. The Boy Gold Diggers of

ex co.

1062 A Boy Stock Broker; or. From Errand Boy to
Millionaire. ’

1063 Facing the World: or, A Poor Boy's Fight an

rtune.
1064 A Ti Worth a Million; or. How a Boy Worked
t In Wall Street.
1005 Billy.I tihe glabin Boy: or. The Treasure of Skeleton
s a

n .

1008 Just His Luck: or. Climbing the Ladder of Fame
and Fortune

1067 Out With His Own Circus: or. The Success of a
Young Barnum.

1068 Playgltg l;'or Money: or. The Boy Trader oi’ Wall

I‘

ee . ,,
1069 The  Copper Miner: or. Ted Brown’: Rise to
If‘ 88.

1070 Tips 31! the Tape: or. The Boy Who startled Wall
1 rec .

1M1 Striking It Rich: or. From Oiiice Boy To Mer-

- c ant Prince

1072 Lucky in \Wall Street; or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers.

1073 In a Class by Himself: or. The Plucky Boy who
Got to the Top.

1074 Bullingc the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Worked
ll 0I'IlFf.

[M5 After the Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of the

1076 Little u.lt'Iagy ‘Perkins. the Broker: or. Shearing the
Street “Lambs."

Wall
1077 The Young Coal Baron: or. Five Years With The ’

Miners.-. _
1078 Coiniarz lzioneyz or. The Boy Plunger of Wall
. r

, ee.

1079 Among the Tusk Hunters: or. The Boy Who Found
a Diamond Mine, '

1080 A Game Boy; or. From the Slums to Wall Street.

1081 A VVai_i“s Legacy: or. How It Made a Poor Boy

Rich

1082 Fighting the Money Kings; or. The Little Specnv
lator of Wall Street.

IIB3 A Boy With Grit: or. The Young Salesman Who

Made His Mark.

;os4 Ted. tn]? Broker's Son: or. starting Out For Him-

P

s . _

1085 Dick Darrell’s Nerve: or. From Engine-House to’
Manager's Othce.

1080 Under A Lucky Star: or. The Boy Who Made a
Million in Wall Street.

1087 .Tack’s Fortune; or. The trangest Legacy in the -
World

1088 Taking!‘ Chances; or. Playing For Big Stakes.
1089 Lost In the Tropics; or. The Treasure of Turtle

Key.
1090 Ten Silent Brokers: or, The Boy Who Broke the
Wall Street Syndicate.
1091 Only :1_ Fnlctgtory Boy; or. Winning a Name For
imsc .

H
1092 Fox & Day, Brokers; or, The Young Money Makers ’

of Wall Street

1093 The Little Wizard: or. The Success of a Young
Inveutnr.

1094 A Young Mechanic: or, Rising to Fame and For

tune.

1095 Banker R.1rr_ 's Boy: or, Gathering the Dollars In
Wall Street. ,

1096 In the Land of Gold: or. The Young‘ Castaway]
of the Mystic Isle. -

1097 Eastman & Co. Stocks and Bonds: 01'. The Twin
Roy Brokers of Wall Street.

1098 After the Golden Eagles; or. A Lucky Young Wall
Street Broker. ,

1099 A Lucky Lad; or. The Boy Who Made a Railroad

Pa).

1100 Too Good to Last: or. Six Months In the Wall
Street Money Market. '

1101 Dick. The Boy Lawyer; or, Winning a Big Fee.

1102 Broker Dexter's New Boy; or. A Young Innocent
In Wall Street. ’ o

1103 From'Mill to Millions; or. The Poor Boy Who Be-
came a Steel Magnate.

1104 Three Game Speculators; or, The .Wall Street Boys‘ ’

Syndicate.

For sale by all aswsdealers. or will be aafto 1
addressonreceiptotpﬂeqlqpcteoti-hnaoyd
postage stamps. 4

WESTBURY PUBLISHING Co. Inc; , ,
as West ssasmoo ‘now run: &

n

\.

 

    