BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
SEPTEMBER 19, 1924 ,

\\

‘ .
3*.
\

I

At that moment Hal unexpectedly entered the omce. For an instant he stood aghast at the sight
that met his eyes. Then he darted forward and dashed his grip in Lippett's
face. A shower of coin inundated the rascal.

      

 
   

.\ V1. ‘.  JV Vt '

.;‘ v '

 .  ‘Radio Fan?

 

,~ .1

'JUh’3 -1361‘:  

  FEB 20 i925
Read Pages 24 and 25 L

        

 
 

.jWoac ad street. New York. N. Y4

«FAME ’AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

_. , _ ; C 1 , $4.50; Foreign. 85.00. Harry E. Well. Publisher. Inc.. 100
hue‘ Yuk], sumcﬂpmm price "00 per yeulllzntearglu 1:: Second-Clus Hatter. Oclober 4. 1013. It
the Pout-Once at New York. N. Y ..

under the Act of Ilareh 3. 1819.

j No. 990

   

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 19,

1924 Ogéé Cents.

  
     

  

., .. __,_..

CEAPTER I.-—The Young‘Midas of Wall Street.

      
      
    
   
      
   
     
    
   
   
  
      
 
     
    
    
    
       
    
       

‘!‘wo*boys met abruptly one morning at the _C0l"
in of Wall and Broad Streets. Both were bright
 nS of Young America, and yet there was 8
‘idiﬂerence between them in more ways than
I §— .' The lad who had come up Broad Street, with
ﬂqaick, elastic step, had a noticeably alert look
>§t showed he was uncommonly wideawake, and
' T. to grasp opportunity on the wing; while the
ﬂex’, though smart looking enough, lacked in
J " essential particular. To make the comparison
’ striking the latter, on this occasion, looked
I own at the mouth," as if something of a dis-
» gs = ; - g nature had. happened to him.» A
 lo,.Jack," cried the alert boy. “ here are
. nod? Notin a hurry. that is evident. Why.
Via the matter with you? You look as if
'41 lost the only friend you had in the world.”
"*1 ‘feel about as I look, then,” replied Jack,

:4 3. ..
'?Wlw.t’s up. old chap?"
 on the

  

  

  

  
  

  

     

E

  

x lain yourself.”
sh,” was the reply.

"°’i:Z.. 1.; - w
s.

 you: live.‘ He was in A. At W. for all
 worth, got caught in theslump of the
' . -nsterday afternoon, and lost every pen-
« do know?” » I
.- . ; - t'| all around the oﬂice.”
b .

  

  
 
  

  

'1."
and I ‘and the rest of the ‘oﬂlce help got
{ﬁfteen minutes 880-" "“
._ dgg.’t, stwy."

. out‘ of 1 job now. Oh?"

 

   
 

 OUT FOR A MILL
on, ma YOU_NG MIDAS or WALL STREET

. Q By ‘TA-S_ELF-MADE MAN

   
  

\

“,Well, you certainly looked discouraged.”

"I feel so. l’ve got a mother and sick si
support.” .

“Too bad. Then of course you're open for n
offer.”

‘‘I’m open for anything with a small salary
attached to it.” ,

“How would you like to work for me?”

“For you?" opening his eyes in surprise.

“Sure thing. I’m looking for a bright boy as
messenger, office boy, conﬁdential clerk, and
cashier-to-be, all rolled into one. I think you’ll
fill the bill. I'll give you six per to begin with.
and raise you as the business booms.”

“Do you "mean to say that you’ve opened up .on
your own accouht as a broker?”

“You've struck it right first guess. Hal Fisher,
Stocks and Bonds. How does that sound?”

“It sounds ﬁrst rate,” replied Jack Webster, in -.‘
a hopeful tone. “Got the money to back it?"

“Of course I have. Do you suppose I'd hire you
if I couldn't pay you your wages? Don't you
know I'm the Young Midas of Wall Street?’

“I've heard you called so by severalhrokers; but
I didn't quite understand what they meant by it.”

“They meant that whatever I touch turns into
gold. Didn't you ever hear the legend about that
individual?”

“Never. What was it?”

“Well you see, Midas was a king of a place
_called Phrygia."

“Phrygiai Never heard of it” “

“A country in Asia Minor.''. ~

“Asia Minor, eh? That's some distance from .
here," grinned Jack. . ‘ ‘

“Rather,” replied Hal Fisher dryly.

He had been a studious chap when at school,
and was well up in both ancient as well as
modern history. ’ - ‘ W

“Midas,” he continued, “was a king of Phrygia. ‘ -
Having shown hospitality to a by ﬁgo 83 _
of Silenus, who was a kind of p ” ; '
to Bacchus-—_-—" — E ; I _ g

“Bacchus! Isn't that the chap who wan always

drunk?" kedhck
‘’ ulledthel€.59;‘r‘.-

“Oh, I d ’t\know. Ba‘
‘rue, becaugﬁw totwht  at 

or

     
 

 

and

*3; .1

 .= ,.'__ -

 

, “We‘l, he made other ‘people drunk, then. I
,_ heard my boss say one day that broker Fassctt
was a disciple of Bachus. That he could put more

the Street."
, “I guess he can.‘ If Mr. Fassett was to sign the
* temperance pledge, half the cafes in Broad Street
would go into bankruptcy."
“Bet your boots they would," snickered Jack.
“Well, let's get back to Midas," said Hal. “For
showing hospitality to‘Silenus it appears Midas
was permitted by the god Bacclnis to choose what-
ever recompense he pleased. Being séinewhat
avaricious he had the nerve to demand that what-
'ever he touched might be turned into gold.”
“Did he get his wish?” i '
“He did that.”
‘I wish I'd been in his shoes, then."

wished that everything he handled might turn
into gold. Well, everything did. Even the very
food that he attempted to eat turned to gold in
_ his mouth." .

“The deuce it did."

“So the legend states."

“He must have starved to death. then."

“Such would have been his fate, no doubt, only
he got frightened and begged Bacchus to take
away so fatal a gift.” -.

; “Did hegtake it away?" .

“Yes. He ordered Midas to wash himself in a
certain river, whose sands were turned into gold

. by his touch.” _
“Do you mean to say that whatever you touch
~turns into gold?" said Jack. V
“Metaphorically speaking such has been the fact
within the last year or so." _
- ‘Metaphorically speaking is arood." chuckled
Webster. “I'd like you to explain.” '. -
“Well, you see ever since I took to dabbling in
stocks every deal I engaged in turned out lucky.
That’s why the brokers nicknamed me the Young
sllidas of Wall Street.” _
“Ch, 1- see.” - . . ' '
“Yes, I’ve been pretty lucky. I've caught on
to a tip or.two that turned out to be the real
things, and I fi red the chances so close that I
‘ got out from un er just whemhighwater mark .was
reached. -, Others got pinched while I collared the
cash every time." ‘ ‘

  
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 

I for a while," grinned Webster.
' “Well, you come to work for me and maybe you
will discover how I’do it.”
‘I'll come to work all right. I can't aﬁord to
~ turn down six per the way Pin ﬁxed. Where's
your oﬁice?” I
“ the Bullion Building? ' n
 ‘ “ at’s a good ‘building for a young Midas,
pnickered Webster. “Here. there’! 3 B‘01d¢m Penn?
. in the gutter alongside of you. » Pick “it up and
, ‘uh it you can turn that into real gold. '
; "Hal looked down,
, up. A grin suifused his countenance as he gave
it .3 glance. _ cg - ' ,
”  tumedinto gold," he said, holding the
 toshis/oomp‘anion?s eyes.
I almost d

A  _ .. in ant. Itjwa: not a
I  betas‘-:. ‘ dolls: oo14,13r§c-- , _

     
 

I2’   I our FOR A MILLION , - I 

mint juleps under his vest than any other man in -

“Don’t fool yourself, Jack. Remember he,
you

“I wouldn't mind being a -young Midas myself:

saw the coin and ~picked;it_

4 meeting J

    

 
 

CHAPTER II.——Ha1 Fisher Gets His First Com- ‘ 
~ mission. ’
“Some people have all the luck in this world.”
grumbled Webster, looking wistfully at the coin.
“That's because other people let all the good
things get away from them," chuckled Hal. “You j
saw this gold piece first. Why didn’t you pick , 
it, up?" ~“
“Because I was a chump. I thought it was a 
new penny." ' ’
“Thought is responsible for a great many foo3— ,. .:
ish things in this world.” said Hal. “Well I won't; :4‘
be mean. I'll change it and give you half." . 
“Will you?” said Jack, brightening up. ' 
“Certainly. Come up the street .to a money» 
broker's." _ * g _
The gold piece was changed and Jack tucked’ 
$2 50 away in his watch pocket. —»_—;
H“lWhen do you wantvme to start in?” he asked 
a . 

“Well, you may come to-morrow mwrninz at
nine. Don't forget the number of my oﬁice. 11:’:
Room 209, on the fourth ﬂoor."

“Bullion Building ?" - .

“Right you are.” I V .

The boys parted, Hal going toward Broadway.“
while Webster went up Nassau Street. Hirryf
Fisher, the hero of this story, was, as we have _
already intimated, an unusually smart boy. He. _Ef',
lived at a boarding-house on West 24th Street.
for: his parents had their home in Rochester. 9-vi ,
Hal was alone in New York. He came to the? ~
metropolis three years before to begin his busi-s ’
ness career as errand boy and messenger for a
Wall Street broker, named Hutchinson. In less ’
than a year his abilities advanced him to desk’
‘work in the counting-room, and in another ‘six
months he was attending to all the margin buss.
ness of the house. "

It was then he began to speculate a little on his
own account. He was uniformly successful in his ,

 
 
   
  

 

"3

ventures, which he conducted on some sort._,p_t-3’ .

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
 

system that had originated in his own head, and:
he soon had quite a little fund of his own, Fla”
did not conﬁne his trading to any particular bunk-.
er, with the result that a dozen or more Stock.
Exchange men got on to the fact that he was malts
ing money. Finally his employer got wind of his;
operations and called him down. He told Hal ,
that he must quit monkeyinz with the market or“
send in his resignation. Hal took the matter
under consideration and then resigned. Fiiteen
dollars per week did not compare in his mind
the proﬁts he was drawing out of his fortunato
ventures. His first idea was to rent desk room,
somewhere and conﬁne himself to private trading
on his own account. He turned this plan down‘,ii:a‘ « at
favor of hiring an oﬂice and setting himself uni,
as a regular broker. He did not expect to paint; _
the Street red with the business that n3i2ht1ooI,IlI~‘:g%
hisway; but still it would be a beginning at_auy§§'a:
rate-—-he was young and could afford to wait‘ 
things to grow. So'he hired a good-sized 
in the Bullion Building, with a small private , J!
attached, and had his name painted on  f 3,. 
like the other tenants of the building,‘   _
tended to hire a small led as oﬁce hon. -.~ ‘
ack. Webster," who was I v ~ '

  
 
       
 

 

 
   

   
  
 
 

  

v .

 OUT FOR

.. friend of his, and ﬁnding, as we have seen, that
he was out of a job, he decided on the spur of
the moment to take him on, for he knew Jack
could not aﬁord to remain idle.

He did not have anything particular of Jack
todo; but that didn't worry him. He was willing
to pay six.dollars a week just to have him around.
On the following morning Jack Webster appeared
at'.the.Bullion Building promptly at nine o'clock.
' He took the elevator and got off at the fpurth
ﬂoor. Walking down the corridor he tagged oil‘
the number till he came to 209.‘ Here he saw Hal
Fisher-’s name on the frosted glass of the upper
’ half of the door, with the words “Stocks and

‘ Bonds” underneath.

“That looks like business." he muttered.

. Then he tried the door. It was locked. for Hal
hadn't arrived yet. Inside of ten minutes. how-
ever. the young Midas appeared. looking as fresh
as a daisy after a rain storm. _

_ _~“.I see you're on time, Jack," he said, approv-

  
 
   
  
   
 
 
   
    
   
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
 

ms 37- _ _ " _

,“That’s one of my failings, replied Webster.

-“It's a good one. Some people are always the

way. They forget that promptiiess is one
of e virtues which points the way to success.”

“I don't see that it has done much for me so
far," replied Jack. “I never was late at Mr.
Sherman's, and yet I wound up in the soup.”

‘That wasn't your fault,” said I-Ial, unlocking
the door. “Here's a duplicate key. You can open
. lp after this.” ~ ‘

“Where do I sit? In that chair by the window?”

“Yes. That will do for the present. Your
task’at present will be merely to try to kill‘time."
"7. , ,,‘‘That isn't very strenuous work."

  ‘Not for some people, but’! don't class you with
,' *7“ You may ﬁnd it harder than you think, for
. I you aren’t used.to it." _

' 7 ‘When visitors call I'll take their names into
you, of course?"

 “To be sure. I'm afraid we are not likely to
,= have many unless you go into the corridor and
- run them in whether they want to come or not,” a
 , ‘That wouldn't be a bad way to drum up trade.

I'll do it if You say so.”

_ ‘Thanks, but I don't want to have the trouble
of bailing you out of the Tombs."

.“I might watch the ticker and .keep you posted
an the market.” ' A °
,,"I’m not interested in the market to any great
‘-extent as yet.‘ I'll let you know as soon as I am.”

—At that moment the door was opened, and_ the
.nibicund features of Broker _Fassett was thrust
into the room with an inquiring sort of look on
his face.

s“Hellow, Fisher,” he said, as his eyes lighted
..on the ho broker, and his rotund body ﬁlled the
opening, is this your sheep-shearing dent"

‘ fYes, sir; come right in,” repl_ied_Hal briskly.

. ’lr. Fassett accepted the invitation, and gazed
 the room in some curiosity.

‘ “So you've actually gone into business for your-
*  boy," he chuckled.‘ , _

—, . t’s what I have, sir. Cant you drive a
lambs this way to kind of gimme a_ st_81't'-”’_
"‘.‘:’,‘Why,_ I don't know. What commission will
' ' ‘I007?’

- .. depends upon  yield of wool.”
 loathed and  he could be of

 

A MILLION ’ ’ 3

any service to Hal he would be glad to give him
a boost.
“I was just about to give a little commission to I
. Wagner———_vou know Wagner. don't you?"

Hal shook his head.

“I haven't that honor as yet.”

“Well, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll let you have
the commission. I want 5.000 shares of Michigan
Northern. and I don’t want to be identiﬁed with
the transaction. Understand?”

“I think I do, sir,” replied Hal, with a signifi-
cant smile.

f‘Verv good. Michigan Northern ‘is going at 91
this morning. You go out and see if you can get
the stock. or any part of it. Arrange to have it
delivered C. O. D. at the Manhattan National
Bank. Understand? Then send me a statement
of the transaction and I will send you my check
for your commission."

“I will attend to the matter at once, sir. I am
greatly obliged to you. This is my first order, and
I shan’t forget that I owe my start, so to speak,
to you.”

“Well, I must be going, my Young Midas. I
feel very much in need of a mint julep to brace
myself up for the strenuous affairs of the day.
Good-by, my boy. Get those shares as soon as
you can—-the sooner the better."

Mr. Fassett, who had already stowed away six
iuleps under his vest that morning made a bee- .
line for the elevator with his thoughts on the
nearest cafe.

CI-IAPTEIR III.--Hal Takes a Shy at the Market.

“Jack,” said Hal, after the portly figure of
Broker Fassett had faded from the room. “I'm
going out to attend to my first order.”

He had pretty good luck in picking up the
necessary shares of Michigan Northern, and se-
cured the whole 5.000 by eleven o'clock. Then he
Iturn_ed_to the office. wrote a note to Mr. Fassett
acquainting him with the fact that all the shares
would be delivered at the Manhattan National
Bank before three o'clock, and sent it over.to the
broker’s'oﬂice by Jack. As it was too early to go
to lunch yet, he took up a ﬁnancial paper and be-
gan to study the pulse of the market. He was
asfamiliar with the current stocks as any broker
in Wall Street, and the reading_was quite inter-
esting to him. Presently he saw a paragraph

J ut Michigan Northern. It stated that a rumor
as going the-rounds of the ﬁnancial district that
this road was about to get control of the M., P.‘
&: Co.. a competing _line that paralleled its track
and by reducing freight and passenger rates had
proven a thorn in its side. It hinted that for more
than a year the Michigan Northern interests had
been quietly absorbing the stock of the rival road
wherever they could ﬁnd it, and had at last, it
was believed, obtained‘ a majority interest.

At any rgte it Was expected that something
would be doing at the annual election of directors
and oﬂicers of the M., P. & C. road, which would

, take place in a few days. If the Michigan North-
ern people succeeded in electing a majority of
their own friends on the Boardnthere was no
doubt that would end the 0 position between the
roads, and‘ that M. N. stoc would take a boom
in consequence. ‘

'-us. , -r,....:--. ".1. - "'.r.-.*‘;'-‘-,-‘.~

  

   

4‘  ‘ , . ‘ OUT FOR AIMILLION

“I guess Mr. Fassett is buying in Michigan

_ Northern for a pool of insiders who mean to reap

a barrel of money through the rise that is cer-
tain to come if there is any real truth in this
paragraph. The chances are that the crowd for
whom Mr. Fassett is doing business have a
pointer on the situation. It looks good enough to
me to take a chance with. I always like to get in‘
bn the ground ﬂoor with the bigblzgs if _ can.
Michigan Northern has been selling low for more
‘than a year.” Before the M., P. dz C. went into
operation it used to sell at 115 and over. I see
no reason why' it shouldn’t get up to that point
again if the roadgets control of the opposition line.
I have money‘ enough to buy 2,000 shares at 91,
on a ten per cent margin, so I think I'll take the
chance." ‘ >-
When Jack returne<L from Mr. Fassett’s oﬂjce
he had decided to get into Michigan Northern.
So putting on his hat he went around to the safe

3 .—deposZt company where he kept his funds on tap.»

drew 318,290 out of his box, and then repaired
to Broker Hapg . who had done some business
with him before. He found the broker and was
admitted to the private oﬂice. ,

“Hello, Fisher," greeted Hapgood. “Glad to
see you.

of shearsin your desk on the lookout for stray

'laxnbs who manage to get ‘away from the rest of,

“Who told you that. Mr. Haogood?”
“Why, Mr. Fassett told me an hour ago when I

. met him swallowing one of his mint juleps in the

Alham cafe.”
“Wel , I suppose whatever Mr. Fassett says is

3 so," smiled Hal.

"I generally ﬁnd him to be pretty accurate in
his remarks. I maytake it as a fact then that
you've branched out on your own hook."

“Yes, sir. Come up and see me when you hap-
pen to be in the Bullion Building. Here’: one 1

my mrds," and Hal laid a bit of pasteboard on

. the broker's, desk.

“Thank -you, I will. I suppose now that we are
to have you for-a business rival you'll soon be
absorbing all the cream and‘ leaving only the
crumbs to the rest of us.”

“I'd like you to,'buy 2,000 shares of Michigan
Northern for me on a ten percent margin. The

stock is ruling at 91. There's my margin," and

Hal laid the bills on the broker’ desk.
Mr.‘ I-Iapgood
“hen he counted Hal's wad;
-- “That’s correct," he said, writing a menorandum
of the transaction on a slip of paper and ringing
~'for his oﬂice boy. . ’

 _ml‘:iTz;l}: tﬁi);.money and paper to Mr. Green,” he]

« The youth :arried -it away into the counting-

_room and.p1-esently returned with a memorandum
which the broker handed to Hal.

“Thank you. Fisher, for the order. I presume

I may expect to see you have your customary good

"'3; luck with this deal?"

4:“! hope so,.sir, I'm not in this thing for fun.”
.  iesumevnot, no more than the rest of us.
}It’a't_)  ofchance all around, though you

‘ A  ‘One ‘¢f;th8, uncommonly fortunate

    
  

of Wall Street is no ﬁction, bet your boots,” said

I hear‘you’ve taken an oﬂice in‘the Bul-'
, lion‘Building, and that you've a brand.ncw.pair

»handle turns up a winner."

-- Hal. ~

I
did a littlé ring on a pad,

'?P.Ps’.Vf'5-»1 P°‘*‘¢V~‘..» .‘

“Not yet.” - 
“Then that is a pleasure to come." chuckled the .
broker. ' ,

“It is a pleasure I'm willing to defer as long
as possible,” replied the boy, taking up his hat
and bowing himself out of the oﬁicer. 

 

 

3' CHAPTER IV.——-Mr. Elmer Bishop.

In a few days the announcement was made that
Michigan Northern had gained a majority of the
stock of the M., P. & C. road, and there was an .,
immediate boom in”the former, the shares rising 
steadily from around 91 to 99 the first day. Jack. _. a-..
of course, knew that his boss was in on the deal in ‘
Michigan Northern. and he spent a good part of
his time. watching the quotations on the tick r.~
Eight points rise meant a gain of $16,000 for .2
and when the Exchange closed at three Jack‘
hastened to congratulate him on his luck. _ ' _  :1

“This yarn ‘about you being the Young Midas

 
 

Wgister, emggaticaily. ,
al.1aug . . I .' :’*
“It's a ﬁne thing to, be born lucky, isn't it?’ —,
“That's what it is. How high do you think
Michigan Northern will go?” ‘ -
“That's too deep a question for me to answer; __
but still I believe it will go to 110 at any 
There was a knock at the outer door and then 
in walked Broker I-Iapgood. I
“Goo'd afternoon, Mr. Haggood. Pleased to wel-
come ‘you to my sheep s earing den. Take 
Sat; ’ tt ll ﬁx d h
“ on re pre y we e ere my
lfriﬁnd’-v replieg tlzewliirokerti mtim’£ 
oo ing aroun  ere id you i up those ~
water colors you've got on the wallig '

   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
   

“I got them in Nassau Street.” . .“

“You seem tohave some taste_in the artistic» '+>—
lim. "By the way your stock has gone up elgﬁe —..
points. Same old luck. No wonder you're alled
the Boy Midas of Wall Street. Every stock 

“You should put it the other way. 
never handle any stock but 3 winner,” laugh_elL

O , . .
“It doesn't make much difference how you put
it I guess. Well. got any customers yet?’ . ..
“I’ve had one. This is my first day. remembei-.3’ .
""!‘hen I'll be your second. Buy me 1,000. shagu
of M. 3: N. at 72, and have it sent C. O. D..tg my
oﬁlce as early as possible to-morrow- morning. ‘ , _
“Thank you, Mr. Hap,good, I'll execute that,-com: sgg
mission with pleasure. ‘ ‘ . ' ‘.6
The broker gave him a memorandum ordefr '
which Hal laid on his desk. and soon afterwa'
took his departure. Next morning soon after H
reached the office the carrier delivered to  , 7 H
registered letter for which he signed. He tergfﬁ:
open, wondering who it was from, and so1iIe.liaIrI:
bills dro ped out. He counted it and {gonna ,
amounte to $610. The following letter  ’
panied the money: f ". .

er

 
 

     
      
    
      
    
    
  
      

  

 
  
  

vs

 
 

n,,'.
‘f ..

“Car le, N.fJ.. ocus, 

 
   
  
  

“Mr. Hal Fisher. Stock roker, ‘
. “Reviews 8:‘ '

,.

      

 . , ' ‘

 

“Dear Sir—I enclose herewith $610 as a ten
percent. margin for,1Q0 shares of C. 8; ‘V. stock
at‘-6'1. I saw your advt. in the Fnancial Ticker.
Please, use your own judgment about selling the
I shares should they go up, as I expect they will.
' I ' _ “Yours truly.

“Miss Edna Harley.”

  
  
  
  
   

Hal entered the order in his book and then wrote
,\ a note to Mr. Hapgood, who had agreed to divide
. commissions with him on all boniﬁde outside busi-
ness he got, asking him to buy 100 shares of C.
& V. for Miss Harley,subject to his (Hal’s) order,
and sent the message over by Jack.

“Business is beginning to_ rush,” said Webster
‘as he seized his hat to execute the order. “Two
messages to carry in a little over a day isn't so
'ba_d.' " .

“Run along, sonny, and don't make any rc-
marks,” laughed Hal.

~ He put on his own hat, locked the oﬂice and

 

 

E" , M. & N. at 72 for Mr. Hapgood. Before he left
 he glanced at the ticker and saw that Michigan
“' ‘ ,.Northern was quoted at par. He had no diﬁiculty
ﬁnding a broker who had 1,000 shares of M. &
i’ ‘N. for sale, and he arranged with him to send it
v to Mr. Hapgood’s oflice. When Hal got back to
- his «ﬁes, Jack told him that there was an old
'K~,",gentleman in his private roomwaiting to see him.
 7 "An old,gentleman, eh? What’s his name?”
 f : “Bishop.” '
Ex‘ " —- ‘I don’t know any person by the name of
Bishop,” replied the young broker. “Maybe he’s
ﬁeehgne who saw my advt. in the Financial

 

   
   
   
  
   
  
  
     
   
   
   
 
    
  
  
   
   

_ “He doesn't look prosperous enough for a
Jpecnlator,” said Jack.
' Z ‘‘You‘ can’t‘ always tell by a Ders0n’s 0\ltWﬂ1'd
f pearance what he is worth. I've seen ple
{ﬁgure into Mr. Hutchison’s wlio look like
tr-i‘m'ps almost, and yet they had fat wads in the
‘Bank to their credit.” '
Hal walked into his sanctum. and there saw ‘a
‘@511, plainly attired old man, with white hair
and ﬂorid complexion. He had a pair of very
"bright eyes, that peered out from under bushy,

carved handle. _
‘Good morning, sir,’ said Hal, litel v 85 he
his hat on the top of the des . “ hat can
do for you?” ~
. .‘-‘I wish to see Mr. Fisher,” said the old gentle-
 looking at Hal aha.-1'I;1Y.
. ‘That is my name, S1!'- 7"
“Mr. Hal Fisher, the broker.

sir.”
Well,

well,” said the old gentleman, “you

gee f broker.”

 .‘eI".,-,}'_‘*f,}g1,yt‘I.,:f,',_‘ giorr;'abut I’ll be older after a
',"withasmile. .,_ _ _ u

. ‘:01’ course, of course,” replied his visitor. vljlow
have you been in busi_n_e'SS» MP Fisher-

is is my second day, sir, replied Hal, frank-

 - May I ask if you were recently em-
by.l[r.» George Hutchinson, of No.
_ ,9»: ,‘ ' u -

.§

_ , ‘ ‘
fax-i,»'.‘the young gentleman the news-

,.»-

5-ft went out on the curb to buy the 1,000 shares of‘

i‘ -hustling brows, and he carried a stout cane with ‘

OUT FOR A MILLION 5

papers have referred to as the Young Midas of
Wall Street?"

“Yes, sir; they have called me that."

“You have the reputation of being very for-
tunate in the speculative ﬁeld."

“I have been lucky, sir, up to the present time."

“You have a very bright and honest face.”

“Thank you, sir, for the compliment.”

“I am not often deceived in faces. I can easily
see that you are much smarter than the average
boy of your years."

“I hope I am smart enough to make a million
in the Street, for that is what I am out for."

“You hope to make a million some day, eh?"

“I do.” , ’

The little old gentleman regarded him for a
moment in silence. He seemed to be studying the
boy carefully. .

“Well. Mr. Fisher,” he said at length. ‘'1 pre-
sume you have not many customers as yet?”

“Not many, sir. I hope to accumulate a num-
ber in time.”

“I am a strong believer in the old saying, ‘Noth-
ing succeeds like Sucesss.’ You have all the ele-
ments of it in your make-up. You are, I may say,
a born winner. I consider myself an excellent
judge of human nature, for I have been dealing
with men and conditions in Wall Street for the
past forty years."

“Forty years, sir?” exclaimed Hal, regarding
his caller with much interest.

“Yes. My name is Elmer Bishop."

A great light suddenly broke in on Hal. When
Jack said his .visitor’s name was Bishop, the
young broker did not for a moment associate him
with the well known Elmer Bishop, a millionaire
operator, whom he had never seen, but had heard
a great deal about. Now he woke up to ﬁnd his
little office honored by the presence of one of the
most successful speculators in the Street—a man

whose name was a power in the ﬁnancial dis-

trict.

“I am very glad to know you, Mr. Bishop," said
Hal, feeling a certain reverence for the moneyed
mogul before him, though the little old gentleman
didn’t look as if he had 3100 in the bank.

“And I am very much pleased to make your ac-

uaintanoe, young man. I have had a curiosity
or some time to meet you. Before the news-
papers printed that paragraph about you I heard
a dozen or more brokers speak about a certain
Hal Fisher who had been niclmamed the Young
Midas of Wall Street. I ‘questioned several as
to how you had acquired this singular title, and
all agreed that it was due to your phenomenal
‘success on the market. How came you to leave
Mr. Hutchinson?”

“Well, sir, he objected to me continuing to specu-
late, and gave me the choice. between dropping it
or leaving his employ. I left. Instead of looking
for another position I opened this oﬁice with an
eye to the future."

“Mr. Fisher, I suppose you would not object to
executing a commission for me one in a while?’
said the old gentleman, with a twinkle in his eye.

“Object! I should only be too delighted to do
some business for you,” said Hal, eagerly.

“Very well. I will add your name to my list
of brokers. I have a little order to give you now.

1 want you to go out and buy me 30,000 shares

 
 

   
 

delivered C. 0. D.’ at the Chemical National Bank.
And try and get it before to-morrow noon."
" “Thirty thousand shares, sir,” replied Hal, quite
tickled at the size of the order.

' “Yes. ' Here is my card. Send your statement
to me as soon as you have completed the order.
and I will send you my check for your commis-
sion.” said Mr. Bishop, rising from the chair.

“All right, sir. I am very much" obliged to
you for this order. You show a good deal of
conﬁdence in me. even if I am‘only a boy."

“There are boys and boys, just as there are
men and men. You understand me. I have sized

' you up and feel conﬁdent you will not be found
wanting. Good-day."

Hal accompanied his visitor to the outer door

and bowed him out. Then he walked over to
where Jack‘ was reading a morning paper.
» “That little old gentleman. whom you thought
to be as poor as a church mouse. has just left
me an order to purchase for him 30,000 shares of
a certain stock.” he said to his messenger.

“Thirty thousand shares!" exclaimed J ack, look-
ing astonished. “You're joking. aren't you '1'”

_ “Does that look like a joke 1'" ,said Hal, show-
ing Jack Mr, Bishop's signed order. _ _

“Jerusalem! He must be some nabob »m dis-
guise. ‘Who is he anyway ?” .

W. “One of the biggest operators'in the Street."
» “What! That little old man?” ~ _
“Yes. Didn't you ever hear of Elmer Bishop ?”
“Sure. I've heard of him. You don’t_mean to
» say that is,Elmer Bishop '.”’
. ' “That's who he was.”
“Then all I've got to say is that you’re the

 

  

 

 

5;’ He can make your fortune as sure as yourname
‘ is Hal Fisher.”

CHAPTER V.—Miss Edna Harley.

. Hal put on his hat and. went out to buy the
Southern ‘Texas shares. He picked up‘ about
10,000 among the,curb brokers, and then visited
diﬂerent bipkerage ﬁrms to get the rest. Among
others he went into Mr. Fassett’_s oﬁice.

“I ven't a single share." replied the broker
to his query. “Who are you buying it for?”

“You will have to excuse, me answering that
question." answered Hal.

“Ah. I see,” said Mr. Fassett. closing one eye
and regarding Hal with the other. “How many
shares are you looking for'.’. Perhaps I can get
yon_some." * - ‘

» “If you know any one who has soinefor sale
. at the market_price I should consider it a favor
‘ it you would direct me to them." '

~ ‘You might try Hallowell & Kent. I think they

 have some. Also Bentley & Davis. in the Vander-

‘ pool Building.’ - \ _ _

7 ‘Thank you. Mr. Fassett. I will try them.”

That aftern n Michigan Northern closed at

105. Miss I-Ia is C. & V. stock also showed

1 -advance of two points. The late mail brought
 letters to Hal. One contained Mr. Fassett’s

*. for commission; on. the ‘purchase of the

‘ nae» gspeop  wnwo~ seen
1, _ »  Financial  They

 

   

OUT 'FOR A MILLION

of Southern Texas.’ if you can get it. Hove it‘

luckiest fellow in the Street to get in with him. i

arthern; The other ..

  

 

enclosed postofﬁce orders for money to cover. ..
margins on small purchasers. Small speculators ,’
were invading the Street as the market was 2
buoyant and promised proﬁts. By eleven o’cloek ‘j
next day Hal had secured the 30,000 shares of ~
Southern -Texas, and he then sent word to Mr. ~
Bishop to that effect, enclosing his statement of ;
account. ' --

That day he received several more answers
to his advertisement in the Financial Ticker. and ‘
next morning he got Mr. Bishop's check covering »
his commission and a brief note commending him“ if;
for his promptitude in executing -the order.‘ Two .-
days later Michigan Northern jumped to 112. At ' _
that ﬁgure Hal decided to sell. When he gureclg;
up his proﬁt on the deal he found he ha ' .
$41,000. He, still held on to the C. & C.‘ shares, ,3»
as an unexpected boom had sent them up to 69,
and they promised to go higher. A few days 
afterward, when the stock reached 75. Hal heard’
something on the street that induced him 
close out Miss Harley's deal in a hurry. It was‘?!
a lucky thing he.did ‘so, for the very next morn- ‘
ing the bottom dropped out of C. & V., and
the stock went down to 49. Hal Wrate Itlettel‘
to.the young lady, informing _her that he had“
sold -the stock at a proﬁt and held $1.900suhiect *
to her order. » :-

He gave the letter to Jack to post. That young
chap instead of carrying it in his hand put
it into his inside pocket-when lie went out. and
when he came to the ﬁrst letter box dropped ' 
in. That is he thought he did. As a matter _
of fact he posted another letter——one he had ‘

' himself received that morning. and which  *
posed beside Miss Harley’s letter in his 
in place of the right ‘one. and did not find‘ out v.
his mistake for two days, when he mailed jﬁ
vtséithout saying anything to Hal about the 138?-
r. '
That seine "afternoon a vent pretty. nea
dressed young lady. with a rosy complexion. Q:
tered the outer ofﬁce. Jack hastened to ﬁnd end» .1
what she wanted. l " f
“Is Mr. Fisher in?” she asked in a  ‘j
voice that quite captivated Jack. . ' "
“Yes, Miss. What name shall I tell him 1'" :
3Mi]ss Edna Hﬁrley." ’ . 
ac nearv co apsed. He had posted the doe .
layed letter to her only a couple of hours hetero. ’
Of course she could not have received it, 3;].
would ﬁnd that fact out! and he would be asked
if he had mailed it promptly. As Jack was
honest. straightforward lad. he "would f .
obliged to own up that he had carried the  
two days in ‘his pocket before posting it. ’l‘hh°r
Hal would have something to say about his‘ - ,. "‘ -
lessness and so on. Such was the tenor of J ' .
thoughts as he carried the visitor’: 
the private oﬂice.~ ~ _ — \' e 
“Ask. her to walk in.” said Hal. >
The young broker was much impressed
fair caller-‘s loveliness. ,
“Please take a seat. Miss Harley.
lighted to meet you. ” _
“Are you Mr. Hal Fisher-?" she asked .

fully. -~» , ,
She had expected to» d a 
instead of ‘a boy as the rake: ~ “
sent her $010.: _ -
;» ''¥;s.Jliae.''‘ ‘ I

   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
 
 
   
   
   

 

 

    

   
   

  
     
  
  

    
   
   
   

     
   
 

   
        

..

1...

 
   
   
  

     
   

  

 
  
 
      
   

 

   
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  

.1,’ saw your advertisement in the Financial
.'-ﬂicker about ten days ago," she began. “and I
jaunt you a registered letter containing $610, with
,éJ'I~request that you would buy me 100 shares of
‘ «E V; stock at the they market price of 61-."
That's right. M’ ; Harley,” replied Hal. “I
Bought the shares at 61 and sent you a memor-
andum receipt as evidence of the fact. which I
ﬁtesunie you received.” .

7 Yes.” she answered. “I watched the quota-
gtions in the paper and noticed that the stock

1'. as high as 75.”

“That is quite right.” A
Two days ago I saw that it had suddenly
 to 49.’ she said, tears springing to her
es. “I left itﬁo yourjudgment to sell_ the
ares if they went up. as I conﬁdently believed
 would, but I suppose I had no_right to
_you‘to interest yourself in my httle deal.
Q, as I have not heard from you. I thought I
‘*‘%uld>call and see you. though I. dare say I have
1° all ')ﬂ'Y little savings.” ‘
.She‘lo&>ked dsteign in her lap and seemed to be
greatl. epres . .
‘ “9i§n’t you get my letter? — I mean my second
. Miss, Harley?” asked Hal.
‘ She shook her shapely head sadly.
I only received one letter from you.
one containing the memorandum to which
ltave’ju_st referred." *
I y. I sent you a statement of account on
w This showed that I had sold ‘your
at the top of the market, namely 75. the
before the slump of the stock. I inf_orrned
that I had $1.900 in my hands subject to
_order.’' *
15¢ visitor looked at Hal as if she thoulrht
‘must be dreaming _ _
Nineteen hundred dollars!” she _said. in a be-
-A» tone. "I don't think I quite understand
,1 did not get such a letter.. Did you really
my stock at -75?" ’
did. Miss Harley. I am pleased to say_. You

a proﬁt of $1,300‘ on the deal. Will you
...it with You now?" _ _
‘madden revulsion of herfeelings quite over-
'us Harley. She looked at.Hal ith swim-
eyes. and then she roke down and actually

She couldn't, help it. though when she
_ - frecover her composure she was heartily
- med of herself. h e ‘

*’~ you will excuse me. Mr. Fisher." she
length: "but.I thought I had lost all my
. L-knew it ‘was foolish of me to invest
gm: of myisaviii in the stock market.
‘and really lost it fsshould have only had

' blame. You were indeed kind to take
my‘ little investment. and I_ shall never
yhgt I owe you as long as I live.
ﬁgghed him a grateful look. and Hal
.. , ‘he had the" loveliest eyes of any Kiri
ever met. ‘After that they got upon unite
 He found out that she was an

‘ she taught school in Carlyle.
sent Hal represented the
saved since 'she‘beI-ran to
.told him that she had had.

 
  

  

   
  
  
   

 
  
  
  

  
  

   

 
 

" 1 _”h§‘n¢VOl‘hOﬂ!‘d

"om: FOR A MILIJION

-to place your money to the best advantage.” he

~ he returned to his oﬂice with a new and strange

'Lippett. who was getting up ascheme to do the

‘ed a friendly feeling toward the young broker.

a

"stock 1narlnet- and I_can't possiblycome back iiran hour.
it she Vozehl-reco ..

,4: Grand

.6

“And I have done that. haven’t 1?” she said.
with a bright smile.

“You have indeed. Miss Harley.” replied.Hal.

Edna Harley remained altogether an hour in
Hal's olﬁce. and the young people seemed to be _
naturally taken with each other. Finally when ‘
Hal placed the $1,900 in her hands he said that
if she cared to leave a part of her winnings in
his hands to invest as his judgment dictated he
would be glad to accept the commission. She
readily agreed to this suggestion on his part.
handed him $900 and placed the balance of the
money in her bag.

“I cannot promise you when I will be able

said, when she rose to go. “but you will hear
from me when I do.”

“Thank you. Mr. Fisher. You are very good to .
interest yourself in me." .

“Not at all.” he replied. with a look that
caused her eyes to droop. “I_am very glad to be
of service to. you." .

He escorted her to the elevator. and saw her’
safely aboard one of the descending cages. Then

sensation that was intimately associated with the
charming‘ yhung girl who had just left him.
Quite a little business came Hal’s way during
the several weeks following. and he was forced
to hire a typewriter as an assistant. So he
placed an ad. in t paper andsecured ‘a young
girl named Ruth enson for the position. .
Hal noticed D. & G. shares were boo_ming and i
he had Mr. Fassett secure 2,000 shares for him. ‘ ‘“
D. & G. continued to advance and finally reached
95%, at which point Hd ordered his shares sold.
making $40,000. Several brokers determined to 
try and get some of his money away from him.
among them a curb broker by the name of Jacob

Midas of Wall Street.

CHAPTER V'I.—A Game that Didn't Work.

Mr. Elmer Bishop was so pleased with the way -‘
I-lal Fisher executed the first commission he had
entrusted to him that he soon gave him another
one of equal importance. He also sent him sev-
eral good customers. and. in various ways. show- -
He also told Hal if at any time he was badly 53:
caught by a slump in ’the market. to come to
him and he’ would see what he’ could do to
extricate him. This showed that Hal stood pretty I
high’in the little old gentle-man’s good graces.

One morning just after Hal had left the allies
to hunt up a block of certain stock that Mr.

Bishop wanted. a smartly dressed man enterediév 

the waiting—room and asked for him. _
“Mr. Fisher has just stepped out.’ said Jack. ’
_“When do you expect him back?" adred 

caller. ‘ ‘
“In about an hour. sir." ._ '
“An hour." replied the man. dra _'

watch and looking at it.’ “Too bad.;

oiithin’
atma

‘Iqbal:
M . Dis ‘ ‘at
the  Burk.“ 

  

 

  

 

     
       
      
     
    
   
 
  
      
  
      
      
  
    
    
 

  
   

wish Mr. Fisher to sell for me at the market
. price. which at present is 210."

He drew an oblong envelope from his pocket
and showed the security to Jack.

“You see I haven't got much more‘ than enough
time to catch the 11.10 express for ,Washington.
where I have business of importance awaiting

 me which will engross my attention for several
days. that's why it will be impossible for me to
return here in an hour.”

“Well, sir, if you would care to leave the certi-

ﬁcate I can hand it to Mr. Fisher when he comes ,

in. I'll give you a receipt for it.”
“I'll do that.” replied the caller with alacrity.
“What is your name. sir?" asked Jack.
“John Darley.”
“And your address?"
“ “No, 16 Sunset Terrace. Brooklyn."
“Take a seat and I'll have a receipt for the
stock made out in proper form." ‘ '
Jack went over to Miss Benson and [asked her
to typewrite a receipt for Certiﬁcate No. 600,
ﬁfty shares. of Grand Paciﬁc Railway. She did
so. Then he told her to typewrite an order di-
recting Hal Fisher to dispose of the certiﬁcate
of stock at the market price. ‘
7 “Here is your receipt." said Jack..handing it to
the gentleman. _
“Thank you.” he said. starting to go.
“One inoment." said Jack. “Kindly sign this
ord r directing Mr. Fisher to sell the certiﬁcate.
r. Darley took the paper uudgingly and read
it over. He didn’t seem to relish the idea of sign-
ing the document, and held it for several mo-
ments in his ﬁngers. i
“This isn’t necessary. is it ?" he asked.
, ~ “Yes. sir. I don’t think Mr. Fisher would ac-
':.. eept the commission without it.”
“Very well." replied the gentleman. drawing
» out a lead pencil and writing his name apparently
» at the bottom of theipaper. _ _
Handing it back to Jack he hastily took his
V leave. -
f “If that’s his signature it’s a beaut.” muttered
Iack. looking at the unintelligible scrawl Mr.
Darley had made. “Blessed if I can read it.
_ It ‘looks as much like John Darley as I look like
' Hal; Fisher. and I'm will1_ng to swear I don't
resemble my boss even a little bit."
_ When Hal returned about an hour later Jack
carried the envelope containing thecertiﬁcate of
Grand Paciﬁc stock into the private office. '
“Here's a certiﬁcate of stock that a man named
‘ John Darley left here for you to. sell for him.
and here is his order to do so.” .
Hal looked at the order < and couldn’t make’
‘head nor tail ofythe signature. . ._ _
‘ “What did you say his name was. Jack 7”
’ ; “John Darley. He lives at 16 Sunset Terrace.
Brooklyn. A Mr. Burling. who has an oﬁice
innthe Vanderpool Building. recommended him to
you." ‘ *
‘Mr. Burlinit." said Hal. thoughtfully. “I don't
know the gentleman. However. it was very“kind
of him. whoever he is; to send me_ a customer. But
.why did this Mr. arley leave this certiﬁcate
I with you?’ continued the young broker. “Why
..duu’t you tell him to comebebalck later-—say in an
 so. when ‘I_wonl ere ." .
 he couldn’t c%me back as he had anly
 the.11.1¢train for —Washington.

a

 

 
  
    

%

    

 

“s v . I OUT. FOR A MILLION ’

'do at all. That would stand for about anything

    

  

where he has important business that will keep ’_j-,5
him several days." - A ' *
“Oh. that was it?"
_ “Yes. So I told him he could leave the stock
if he wished with an order for its sale. and I 
would hand them to you. I had Miss Benson, .,
typewrite the receipt and the order. I can’t say ‘ 
that I admire his signature much." »
“Why it's nothing but a scrawl. That won't

under the sun but a man’s signature. I guess” ‘
I'll do nothing with this until Mr. Darley gets
back from Washington.” .. _

Hal took the certiﬁcate of Grand Paciﬁc stock _
out of the envelope and looked at it. It was  "
made out in the name of Georgo Baker and seem-  I
ed to be all right. «;.l

“A few hours more or less can’t make any 
difference to Mr. Darley in the disposal of this. ‘
certiﬁcate. I dare say I can sell it in an hour g 
after I have seen him personally. Grand Paciﬁc‘ , 
hasn't fluctuated anything to speak about for
the past week or two. so the price is likely to.
remain stationary for several days to come." -

Hal returned the stock to the envelope and '
put it into his safe. In about twenty minutes "
Jack came into the room and told Hal that Jacob 
Lippett. the curb broker. wanted to see him.

V “rksk him to step in." said the young broker. , _

Lippett, a tall. well-built man. with a saturnine . .
countenance and Galway whiskers entered the .»
private oﬁice. - I

“Morning. Fisher." he said. in a free and eaay*~
style. taking a seat beside" the desk. ‘

“Good morning. Mr. Lippett. What ‘can I do
for you ?" replied I-Ial.

'“I am looking for some ‘shares of Grand Pa-A
ciﬁc." said Lippett. “Know anybody that has
some ?" - ‘ ,

’ “Grand Paciﬁc, eh ?” said the boy. thinking of
the certiﬁcate in the safe.

“Exactly. Grand Paciﬁc.” replied Mr.~Lippett.-
with his ferret-like eyes on Hat. ‘

“How many shares did you want?” .

“Well. ﬁfty w'll do if I can’t get any motel’. 
the man replie in an offhand way. '3-«,3 

“I’ve ‘got a ﬁfty-share certiﬁcate in my aafp: ' 
that was left here this morning for sale. but—-_-‘-'-

“I’ll take‘it." said Mr. Lippett. briskly. ‘It’;-_
ruling now at 210. That will make it $10,500;

I'll give you my check for that amount.” and he
put his hand in his pocket to get his book. ' eg

“Hold on‘. Mr. Lippett. I can’t sell that certiﬁ-
cate yet a while." A '

“Why not ?" asked the curb broker sharply. y

“Because the owner failed to leave me a proper
written authority to sell the stock.” V

“I thought you said he left it for sale.” ,..a

“My oﬂice boy says he did. but that si ‘prac-
tically all the authority I have." 3 ».

“Oh. if he told your office boy that he wanted
you to sell it that is good enough.” ~ 

"No, sir. It isn't good enough for me. I don't
do business that way." . 

Mr. Lippett looked disgusted. 9.;_

“What’s “the use of splitﬁfg hairs about 3
small matter like this. I want the shares. Y
not them for dale. ‘Why don't you let mghtvg.
them "" ’ . i

“I have told you why. Mr. Liopett." 
“Then I can’t buy them from you!" he
with .a dinaDp0inte,d.air., . - '

 
   
  

      

   
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
   
    
   

_ ‘No, sir. Not to-d .”

‘ . ‘I am sorry to_sa that I think you're a fool
‘in some things. Fisher,” said Lippett. getting up
‘from his chair with an angry frown. ,
.“You are welcome to your opinion. Mr. Lip-
,-pett." replied Hal. who didn't like the curb
broker any too well.

“Good day.” replied the man shortly. walking
out of the room.

As he slammed the outer door behind him Hal
’_ ed Jack and sent him out to buy some pens.
 ﬁfteen minutes Webster came back with the
‘pens and a look on his face that showed he
‘brought news.
 “Say, Hal. Who do you suppose I saw Mr.
Lippett talking to on the corner of/ Nassau
treet?" '

“How should I know 7" laughed the boy broker.

._ 5 “'1 sawhim chinning to Mr. Darley, the man
who left that certiﬁcate of«Grand Paciﬁc shares
here a‘ couple of hours ago.” D '

“Yes? I thought from what you said that he

 on his way to Washington by this time to
"attend to important business.” .
 “So did I. That's why I was so surprised to see
-him talking to Mr. Lippett within. half a block
of this building. 'He didn't seem to be in the
least bit of a hurry as he stood there with his
ﬁauds in his pockets and his hat on the back
of "his: head." » '

‘‘‘He must have changed his mind about leav-
‘ing the city. I suppose he'll be up here to see‘ if
cI've done anything With his stock certiﬁcate."
“Look here. Hal." said Jack. with some earn-
jeotness. “you may. think I'm pretty cheeky. but
I'd like to know what business brought Mr. Lip-
Jveﬁ to this omce a while ago.” ,

‘ to buy some shares of Grand
-~”Paciiic.”_ replied Hal. ‘ _ _

I thought so.” said Webster with the air of_ a
.who thinks he has made an important dis-

Wliy'!” asked Hal. in surprise. _ !

"fIt.,- is my opinion .there’s something crooked

about this Grand Paciﬁc matter." . .~
“Crooked!” ' in astonishment.

‘Well. I passed close behind Lippett and Dar-
a they stood on the corner of Nassau Street.
1:31 I heard Lippett say. ‘I'm afraid it’s no go.
-- Fisher wouldn't sell me. that certiﬁcate
 ’ That's all I heard, but it set me_to
'5: that some kind’ of a Job connected with
- . . shares has been put up on you. Why should
I. t (call Darley by the name of Jackson?
ﬁlth what I want to know. It's my opinion that
.. . . y is trying to do you.‘ and that oniebody.
bet. is Jacob Lippett.'_’ _ z » 5
There ‘may be somethinz in what you say,
Hal, thoughtfully. “It certainly does beirin
1)g¢k suspicious to me. _’l'his man who was in
. ,g.hurl'y to go to Washington that he couldn 1:
time to call on me personally to. arranzg
the sale of his Grand Paciﬁc certiﬁcate—
.. who said his name was John Darley.
i Liwpett calls him Jackson.” interrupted

E

 
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    

;  lie is now seen -two hours later
*.**:..‘f.:.“.;°::  °"“°: ";‘.¥;“:.:.:’..:
. ‘ 5 ca on me or
some vent the very stock. thenother left
gal‘ uh.‘   look faulty. . ’

  

    
     

. our non A MILLION

4

coming Q1‘. isnft it?’

certiﬁcate of stock." said Jack with a grin an

 

9
_ “It looks decidedly shady." said Jack. “Espe-
cially when _you consider the words I overheard.‘
“That's right.” admitted Hal. “I'll have to
think it over. In the meantime I guess I'm ahead
of the game. I've got the certiﬁcate in my safe.
If Mr. Darley. or Jackson. wants it back—and I
should imagine he would. for its market value is
10,500-—he’l1 have to call and demand it of me.
When he does I'll have a little conversation with
him on the subject.” ‘
Jack retired to the outside office. wondering
whether the whole thing was simply a coincidence.
or whether there was a plot at the bottom of it.
Soon afterward. I-lal took the envelope from the .
safe. put on his hat and let the oﬂice after telling
Webster that he would be back in half an hour.

CHAPTER VII.—Hal Puts Mi. Darley through
the Third Degree. _ _ s

Hardly had Ha} got out of the building before
Mr. John Darley. as he called himself, walked into
the oiﬁce.

‘ “Mr. Fisher in?" he asked suavely.

“No. sir. Just stepped out. He’ll be back in
half an hour.” and Jack looked inquiringly at
the visitor. wondering if he really wanted to see
Hal. or had watched him leave the building and
then called as a bluff.

“Gone out. eh‘! I suppose you remember I
called here a couple of hours ago and left an
envelope with you containing a certiﬁcate for W
ﬁfty shares of Grand Paciﬁc stock ‘!”

“Yes, sir. I handed it to Mr. Fisher when he 
came  You said you were in a hurry to go
to Wa S ' gton on important business and couldn’t
return here for several days.”

“That’s right." said Mr. Darley. “I got a tele-
gram which changed my plans. I hope Mr.
Fisher hasn't gone out to sell that stock. as I
have changed my mind about disposing of it.’

“He told me he wouldn't sell it until he had
seen you.” ’ 

“He did. eh? Well. it’s just as well. Can you 1-3.
let me have the certiﬁcate back. Here is your 
receipt.” ‘ _~

“No, sir. It's in’ the safe. You'll have to call
and see Mr. Fisher yourself about it."

The man looked very much disappointed at
hearing this.

“Then I can't get it now?”

,“No. sir. The safe is locked and Mr. Fisher
carries the key himself.”

Mr. Darley took a turn or two across the room
in an undecidedly way and then said:

“All right. Tell Mr. Fisher I'll return for the
certificate this attegoion or to-morrow morning.’

“All right. sir.” Mr. Darley departed. H

Hal was out an hour. , if

“Dr. Darley or Jackson was here after his

 

 

 

soon as the boy bro_ker returned.

‘ “Was he? Did he seem anxious to get it?’

asked Hal. with a chuckle. . =
“Looked as if he was. Said he'd come back this

afternoon or to-morrow morning for it.”
“Perhaps he will.”,replied' Hal quietly: “but I »

doubt’ it.” , , . ,
“But‘ you said it's worth 810.500. 'I1iat’I  ..

     
           
  

   

    
  

   
     
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
 

“I said so-——yes: but that was because I didn’t
know as much as I do now."

“Well. what is it worth ?"

“Nothing.”

“Nothing!” cried Jack in surprise.

“It isn't worth the paper it’s printed on." ~

“How is that ?” ‘ ‘

“It was cancelled by the company six months

go.
“How did you ﬁnd that out ?"

““It occurred to me that there might be some-
thing‘ wrong with that certiﬁcate." replied Hal.
.“so I made it my business to commuiiicate with
’ the secretary of the Grand Paciﬁc Co.. the oﬂices
of which are in Chicago. over the long-distance
.’phone. I told him that certiﬁcate No. 600, made
out iirthe name of George Baker. had been offered
to me for sale. The-secretary told me that that
‘certiﬁcate had been stolen from Mr. Baker. with
other securities. 8 year ago. _and that not having
-been recovered within six months a new cretiti-
cate with a diﬁerent number had been issued to
that gentleman. I was instrudzed to hold on to
the cancelled certiﬁcate and have the person who

he was able_to offer a satisfactory explanation
of how it came into his possession.

“Gee! Mr. Darley is likely to be up against
it hard if he comes back after the certiﬁcate."

“As the article has no real value I thinkihe
won't call.”

“Then the visit he made while you were out
A 'was simply'abluﬂ’."

*“I.’ossibly it was. Still he may have some
strong reason for wanting to get the certiﬁcate
back. He might turn up. and demand it. not
drsaming that~I have found out the truth about
it‘. _ .

“'I‘hat’s right.” nodded Jack. “I hope he does."

“If he shoulddo so. and—I am here. show him
in and then turn the key in the lock. . I'll put
it on tho outside for that purpose.”

“But you'll be locked in with him. and he
might try to do you’up.” _

“Don’t worry. I’ve a revolver in my desk.
That will hold‘ him incheck until an ofﬁcer_comes
if I should decide to telephone to the station."

“All right. At any rate I’ll stand near the
i xdoor. and if you want help yell out and I'll come

‘Soon after Hal dl'etEfne(§{fl‘0;l Iviinch J ack_. wtilth
(grin, announce t at/ r. ar ey was in ie
outer oﬂice. _ .

“Show him in." said I-Lal. tal§in_g the. revolver
out of the drawer and dropping it into his pocket.
- h “Ari zvyou Mr. 1t"isll;ier?;easckec%Il/1lr.dDa}i('ley. as

A etoo evacancair sie a’s es.

— “Yes, sir. You are Mr._D_arley, the gentleman
who left a ﬁfty-share certificate of Grand Paciﬁc
stock with my clerk this morning."
“That's correct.” nodded the visitor. ;
I~ {ggeu vsﬁnted me to sell it at the market price.
ve. V , .
' ' ﬁldgldid; bﬁtkli havetaoclzanzetguinyl mind. Ilhavp
deei to o on iaw'e ongei-as un-
"ﬁrstgd it   worth more ‘than $§10
. 3 re, >—yoa' reurni o e--—.
'~'"~“Hgjve you any obiection -to informing me
 oiI»got_tliat* stock. Mr. Darley?" asked

.4" is _ra:i:‘e_r_a_i_ singularlﬁqgestion for

. ~ 3:.

  

had presented the same for sale arrested unless ’

'Darley waspa little ﬁction‘o'f_ 

 

our FOR ‘A MILLION

you to ask. Mr. Fisherfbreplied I-lal’s visitor. 
with an uneasy look in his eves.

“I have a reason for wishing to know.” said
the boy broker. coolly.

“What reason ?" asked Mr. Darley. shifting
about in his seat. —

“As a precautionary measure in order to make
sure that the certiﬁcate was all right I telephoned
the secretary of the company in Chicago. and that _
gentleman informed meVthat.cei-tiﬁcate No. 600
had been cancelled six months ago.” .

“Cancelled!” exclaimed Mr. Darley in apparent
surprise. ,

“Exactly. He said it had been stolen from.the
owner a year ago.”

“Stolen!” gasped the visitor. to whom this in- _
formation was news. _ —

“Yes. sir. And I was requested to retain pos— _
session of it and cause the arrest of the person -'
who left it with me for sale unless he could show
how he got it. So. Mr. Darley. it's up to you
whether You settle this little matter with me or- .
the authorities.” ’ -—‘ ,

Hal's visitor looked dumbfounded. ‘

“This is not a joke. Mr. Fisher. is it?" he asked 
at length. . .  - A 

“No. sir: far from it. It is a very serious 
matter. ' I hope for your own sake you can ex— -
plain that you came by it honestly." , ._ .

“Why I got it from Mr. Lippett.” blurted out
Mr. Darley. _ _ ._'f
‘ “I20 you mean Mr. _Lippett. of the Mills Build- :-
mg . " ..  "

“I do.” replied the visitor desperately. .

“All right," said Hal. with a twinkle in his eye. '
“if you can prove that it will clear you of any '_
suspicion." . ‘ 

“Prove it, why of course I can prove it._" ‘

“Now, Mr. Darley. to come right down to busi- .4;
ness. isn't it a fact that Mr. Lippett gave you >
that certiﬁcate for the purpose of bringing it ton;
my oﬂice and offering it to me for sale '."' 

“What’s~ that?” gasped the gentleman. in a‘;
tone of dismay. -
_ “I- should like you to answer my question. sit;
and also another;-—isn’t it also a fact that your
name is~-not Darley but Jackson?" » _ s

The visitor sprang from his chair and glared ' 

 

   
 
   

 

at Hall. ' 
“Don't get excited Mr. Jackson.” said Hal, 
calmly. “It is .a surprise to you. no doubt. to ”

find out that I have penetrated the little 
that you and your friend Mr. Lippett arranged f
to put me in a hole. I don’t know what suggested’, g;
the idea to you gentlemen that I was easy." but 
your scheme would infer as much. First. you ‘
bring that certiﬁcate here and sign an 
llitible signature to the order authorizing me to *
sell it. I hardly have time to place it in -_my.saft
before in pops'Mr. Lippett looking for just about
that number of shares of Grand Paciﬁc- Quite
a coincidence. isn't it? Because I wouldn't aéll,
him that certiﬁcate Mr. Lippett went awaynlad‘.
He was disappointed because I refused to walk
into his trap. He then met you at the comer at»
Nassau Street and told you that he was afraid
it was no go. That‘! wouldn't sell him the
tiﬁcate because you neglected to give me a
ten order to dispose of the shares‘. M ‘ .
dl’eSSed'Y0ll as Jackson’i1:;ntands to mm» ~. ~

   
  

    
  
        
       
  

  
  
 
 
 

  
   
    

   

V

 

  

     
  
    
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
 

1 OUT: FOR

  

ﬁuteﬁlnstated the case correctly. so far as ‘I have
zone. , . ‘ _ . -

 .Jaekson..alias Darley. looked crushed. He
was simply paralyzed at the extent of Ha1’s in-
formation. He positively did not know what to
say. Glancing around the little oﬁce like an
.au_i_mal at bay. his eyes rested on the _door. It
occurred to him that the best thins: he could do
{was to make his escape at once. He walked
‘_q;iick1iy'to the door and seized the knob. There
a fresh surprise greeted him. ‘The door was
_ kedand the key was on the other side. Evi-
dently he, was a prisoner.

‘('ﬁIAP'I'ER VlII.—‘I-Ial Gets Evidence against
Jacob Lippett.

, f‘I wouldn't be in a hurry. Mr. Jackson.” said

"€331. with a chuckle. -

‘boom 2” roared the pseudo‘Mr. Darley.
-».“Merely a precaution on my part to prevent

span from leaving before you_ had 3nade_ a full

ﬁaxplanation of this little conspiracy in which you

‘and Mr. Lippett are involved.” ¢

 shall pay for this outrage as sure as my

:34“ ackson,” interrupted Hal. pleasantly. “Now,
"‘ 1 here. sir. you're in a
rlaigiuiﬁued the-boy broker. in a different tone that
“showed he meant business. Make» a clean breast
nﬁthis affair. Tell me why this job was put up
me. Then perhaps I may See my way clear to
‘§‘i‘§ingvyon down easy. Refuse and I shall turn
the matter over to the police. Take your choice.
_ -, latter.” pulling his desk telephone toward
‘when you leave this oﬂicebyou will do so
phage of an otlioer.‘
. Jackson glared at Hal as though it would

  
   

.. a moment there was silence in the room.
stilhen he threw up the s_pon2‘e. .

‘Well, you’ve got the whip hand.of me.” he
sulkily resuming his chair. “What do you
2* t0 hl0W.”

« ‘you admit that your name is J ackson. not
. ..-~ asked Hal. —

. . ‘ ‘replied the vi '_ r. sullenly.
.s‘«‘Do.--yoru'adinit that t is whole matter was a

iob’on ine

    

 
 

    

 

 by Jacob Lippett?”

..-

   

‘- “O . .
’ .39 only had one business transaction with him.
was ‘six weeks ago."
. , i1;_":tou wanted some J.&_ D. shares.
 . :you..1,q00 at 68." .
- rixht.” ' i

‘V.

r vii"

  

 
 
 

 
 
  

 “Whatﬁo you mean by haying me locked in this -

hole and you know it.’’_,

0 giyen him great pleasure to choke him. and.

certiﬁcate.’ V

0 that stolen certiﬁcate.”

_his head meaningly.

A , MiLLi6N.

 

him_a Rood proﬁt. The market, however. which
had been feeling a bit oﬂish suddenly braced«up . '
and J. _& D. went to '75 with a rush. He lost‘
$7.000 m_ the deal. and as you made that much
out of him he can't get over it.”

“So he put up this job to get square?”

“That’s about the size of it.” -

_ “He gave you that worthless certiﬁcatg of
Grand Paciﬁc and instructed you to call a my .
oﬁi , when I was out. introduce yourself as John . -9
D81’ e.V. and under pretence that you were in a ‘
great hurry to go to Washington. leave it with
one of my employees to hand to me with verbal
directions if possible to sell it and have the money
ready for you when you trot back to the city.”

“'l‘hat’s riirhtf nodded the visitor.’

_ “Then Mr. Lippett’s plan was to 1103' that cer-

tiﬁcate from me. wasn’t it ‘."’  A

“Yes.” . y “

“In a day or two,“you would turn up and ask
for a settlement with me?” . 

“Exactly.” ‘ . , . - x

“As soon as you got the money What did you --, 
propme to do to avoid any possible unpleasant-
Vness that might crop out of the climax?”

“Go West. I have business in California.”

“After you had got a fair start on your way
to. the Pacific. it was Mr. I.ippett’s intention to
‘discover’ that the certiﬁcate I had sold him was
worthless.” . A .1

“That's correct.” 

“He meant to denounce me for having swin- 2,
died him out of $10,500. and to demand his money’ , 
back." ‘ ~'E»‘

“Right.” .

“As a matter of course it would have been up
to me-to refund. as well as to try and explain
how the worthless certiﬁcate came into my pos-
session."

“That’s what he figured on.” ,.

“Then what did he expect me to do 7”

“Put_ the police on the hunt for John Darley.”
_ “Whi! Mr. Jackson would be safe by that time
in San Francisco.”

The visitor nodded. ‘~

“Very clever. But one of these days Mr. Jack-
son might return to New York."

“I had no idea of returning for several year
otherwise I shouldn't have taken the risk ey
to oblige Mr. Liiipett."

‘ “I see. How much did you expect to make
of this thing?’

“I was to get whatever you paid me for the

  

   

 
      
    
       
    
  
    
     
 



        
 

“Then all Mr. Lippett was looking for himselt
was revenge 1"’ ‘ ‘ i

‘‘That’s right. He's down on you like a thou-
sand of bricks.” ‘ - ‘

‘Do you know how he came to get hold of

      
     
       
  
 

taddo not. I understand that it was worthless.
b id not know it was stolen. Had I known that “
I should not have gone ii-to this affair." said Hr.
Jackson in a tone that showed he was telling.»-
the truth. “I_shall have something to say. to lb. V
Lippett on this head that he won't like.’ nodding.

to sitzrjw 
. putthiawholesmattonin‘ 7*:

    
  
  

   
    

.“Now. Mr. Jackson, I want you
down at my desk
in: then

   
 

     

W

  

“I don't want to do that.” objected the visitor.
“It will incriminate me." ‘

“I promise not to use it against you if I can
bring Mr. Lippett to his knees without.making
the paper-public. That however. is a chance you
will be obliged to run.” -
~ “It is a chance I prefer not to take."

“I should think you'd rather take it than com— ‘

pel'me to cause your immediate arrest. which I
would be under the necessity of doing ' you
refuse to draw up and sign the paper in ques-
tion."- «_ _

“I'll do it,” i-eplied‘Mr. Jackson. choosing the
lesser of the two evils.

Hal resigned his chair to his visitor. and while

Mr. Jackson waspreparing the important docu-_

I

'ment that was to bring consternation to the soul
of Jacob Lippett. the boy broker stepped to the
door and signalled Jack to open it.
“Go into Mr. Gray's oﬂice and telephone to the
Wall Street Detective Agency to send _a man
n here at once." said Hal. in a low tone to his mes-
.4_'_ ’senger. ’ _
~ Jack left the office while Fisher paced up and
down near the door. When the paper was ﬁn-
oished. Hal read it over carefully and found that
it met with his approyal. Then Jack appeared
_at the door and told his employer that a gentle-
man was waiting to see him.
“Excuse me a moment. _Mr. Jackson.” said H_al,
leaving the room and closing the dooc-behind him.
"I am from the Wall Street Agency." said a
.». small. shrewd-looking. dark-featured man. as Hal
 appeared in the outer ofﬁce. “My name is Spen-
I .

a

. car.
1, “Well. Mr. Spencer. I want you to take good
’ notice of the gentleman that will presently come
‘out of my private office. I want him shadowed
until’ further notice. If he attempts to leave the
. city he is to be arrested."

 _ “On what charge?"

 
 

. Paciﬁc stock."
_ ; “All right. Mr. Fisher.”

“You clan, depend on me to pay you well for
your wor . .

The detective nodded. stepped out into ‘the cor-
ridor. and began moving about }ike. one who had
to wait there by appointment. .

Li “Now Mr. J ackson,” said Hal. when "he returned

.. -. to" his private room. “we will go to a notary on
this ﬂoor and finish this little matter."

Mr. Jackson accompanied the boy broker to the

~, V notary’s oﬁice. and the detective made a note of

“‘his,face and personal appearanceas he passed
'-; ‘along the corridor. When the paper had been duly‘

executed. Hal put it in his pocket. _
“You can go now. Mr. Jackson.” he said. when
they stood once more in the corridor. “I have
, only one piece of advice to give .V0l1s You must
"-1*._ot’attemp~t to leave the city until you hear f.m

   

fsrrobabiy two or-three gays.‘ Should you dis-
regard 33:13 request you will find yourself in the

Tombs.
.:"'mi.en. I suppose you r_nea_n to have. me.
watriiedt” said’ Mr. Jackson. mdignantly. A
 hot need’ not  you if you keep

      

our FOR A MILLION A ' 

«Trying to sell a stolen certiﬁcate of Grand’ lieve the evidence of his ears.

 
 

 

“I should think that after giving You that ;
paper " ‘ V ‘

“That's all right. Mr. Jackson. but for all that __
I want to know where to ﬁnd you if your presence 5
is needed. Good day.” ‘i

Hal re-entered his oﬂice while Mr. Jackson. fol— ~
lowed by the detective. entered the~,elevator for
the street.

CHAPTER IX.—Hal Gets Hold of a Tip on
D. & W

o

That afternoon before going to his boarding I
place Hal bought a narrow gilt picture frame '.
just large enough to hold the sworn statement :1
made by Mr. Jackson. He laid the incriminating *1
document face down on the glass. placed the thin .:
wood back against it and tacked it into place. a

“Now. Mr. Lippett." ‘he chuckled. “you won't 
be able to’ destroy this piece of evidence ~when I 
hold it before‘ your eyes to read.” -

Next morning’ he sent a note to Lfr. Lippett.-
’requesting him to call at his oﬂlce on business of
importance. The curb broker. who had not seen
his confederate. Jackson. since it was arranged .
between them that he should call at Hal Fisher’:  ~
oﬂice and recover the worthless certiﬁcate, was 
curious to know what the boy broker wanted with 
him. and so he appeared at Hal’: omce with any;
usual promptness. Jack showed him into the. A
irﬁner sanctum and the Young Midas pointed to a 
c air. _ .

“I'm glad to see you. Mr. Lippett." began Hal.

pleasantly. , s , .
“Hurnph!" grunted the broker. “What do you .
want?”
“I want to know where you got that certiﬁcate
of Grand Paciﬁc stock that you sent to my oﬁce’
yesterday morning by your friend Jackson for

the purpose of getting me into a nasty trap.’ _..r
Mr. Lippett stared at Hal as if he couldn't be~' _ L

 
 

“What are you talking about '."' he roared -at

st. . .

“You ought to know without any explanation.
from me. Mr. Lippett. You tried to work a
crooked game on me. but you have made a  .
failure of it. Mr. Jackson has confessed the: .
whole sch_eme_to me. and I_ hold this sworn state- 
ment, which if made public would put you iira g
mighty bad light in the Street.” : » -*

The curb broker swore a deep oath. and do-« . jij
nounced Hal in unmeasured terms. The boy rose -, -‘
from his chair. went to his safe and produeed«7
the framed affidavit. which he laid on his desk‘
where Mr. Lippett could easily see it. ' -

“Read that and then let me know what you have, 
to say about it." , 

The curb broker read it through and then swore; '
that it was a lie. _ ‘K _-

“All right." replied the boy. “I've got that
certiﬁcate of stock in my safe. I've received.
word from the secretary of the company that i
‘was stolen from Mr. Bakergits owner, one yap
ago. and I have been instructed to have the Ina?!’
arrested who presented it to me for sale. ‘Hoary-
friend, Mr. Jackson, presented it. I shall have
him arrested at once and taken to court, 
shall send this affidavit to the District Attorney.
oﬁice.‘fo\r him to use as he sees ﬁt.‘ .1, j
think it will pay Mr. Jackson to go  

the -  ,'

 

F

  

   
   

  

_ written words. “It is more likely that to clear
7 himself he will repeat his evidence in court. If
he’ does that you will ﬁnd yourself obliged to tell
where you got that certiﬁcate. As I presume you

- came by it honestly. you should have no trouble
‘ * in showing that fact. But what you will have

trouble in doing is to set yourself right in peo_--

ple’s eyes for this contemptible job that you put
»up on me. Unless you are willing to make some
reparation now for your conduct. I shall prosecute
you under an act of the Criminal Code which ap-

V _ ‘plies to your case.” _

 .: Mr. Lippett listened to Hal's words in speech-

 ’ ‘less rage. He raised the cane he carried as

‘ _ ‘ though it was his intention to strike the boy down

with it. Hal pushed back his chair so as to be

_ out of reach of the infuriated man. If the curb

 broger left his chair to assault him he knew what
.to o.

It was some moments before Mr. Lippett could
articulate his words plain enough to be under-
st_ood. Then he made a vigorous. effort to brow-
beat the young broker. ' He might have saved his
breath. for his words had no more effect on Hal
than water on a duck’s back. When he sat back
in’ his chair exhausted by» his tirade of abuse,
the ‘boy said:

. ~ ‘Hr. Lippett. I can see you’re all broke up.

_- I'll fgive you until three o’clock to decide what
., V course you are going to adopt. If by that hour
‘ "you fail to do the right thing. Mr. Jackson will
“be lodged in the Tombs. and the newspapers to-
 will have a mild sensation that will
‘~ greatly interest Wall, Street."

‘What terms do you demand to hush up this
" 1- matter?’ asked the curb broker at last. for he

i‘ ' now realized what a tight box he was in.

‘ He had dug a pit for another and fallen into

‘ itihimself.
‘ ‘Excuse me, Mr. Llppett, I think this thing
 up to you. At any rate you had better _go
Jiaek to your oﬁceand consider what reparation
“I am entitled to. _
. I am busy. now. so I will excuse you until that
_ ehomi...

_'_ Hal clearly indicated that the interview was

. over. and so lacob _Lippett rose from the chair.
, ' like arman dazed by an unexpected blow. and

-‘l—'f'ralk,ed unsteadily out of the office. The young

_‘hroRe"r. not bothering to return the framed affi-
z davit to the safe. placed it on top of his desk.

A’ and biisied himself with a bunch of correspon-
dence the letter carrier had left that morning.

' In a few minute she called Miss Benson into
the roomand dictated a dozen replies to as many
out-of-town customers. and several more_ to up-
-“ town clients. who had intrusted their business to

his care.< s soon as he had looked over and
approved of a number of statements of account
thit were to -be mailed to people whose little

‘ he had closed according to instructions the
‘ y before. Hal put on his hat and went out. As
he was waiting for the elevator cage to come
,. [down from the regions above. he noticed a card
‘F dying on the marble ﬂoor near his foot.
~_. It bore an embossed inonogram in several
3? ei_)lors. the design of which was so odd that H_al

up the card to take a closer look at. it.

_, e was some writing on the card. and -
maxi: the boy had no interest in that. it’ was

 
  

 

 

    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 

 

 

OUT FOR A MILLION

You have until three o’clock. .

13

written in such a bold. open hand that he couldn't
very well help reading it. It ran as follows:

“-.Ioe~—T_he pool is now complete and will begin
business immediately. I have discovered that
D. &_ IS the stock that is to be boomed. Go
the limit. George.”

Just then the elevator _stopped at the ﬂoor.
so_ Hall dropped the card in his pocket and got-
aboa_rd. On his way _up the street he began to
consider the information conveyed on the card.

books like an A-1 tip from George Somebody
to his friend J oe,” he thought. “George appears
to have got hold of some valuable inside news
and W35 2‘en_erous_ enough to think of his chum.
S0 D- & W- is going to be bc ned. There is no
!‘e4_1S0Il Wh.V  _shouldn’t avail myself of this
pointer. too. if it isn't some fake that a joker
got up and dropped on purpose to be found. At
any rate it's Worth while looking into.”

Hal dropped into Mr. Fassett’s office and asked
the ruby—nosed broker if he had heard of anything
doing in D. & W. lately.

“About 20.000 shares of it changed hands yes-
terday, and" the price rose from 66 to 67 3-8,”
said Mr. Fassett. “I thought you -kept track of
the market.”

“I do as a usual thing. but I had an important
matter on my hands yesterday and I let the qiio-’
tations slide."

_ “I notice the stock is Quite lively this mom-
ing, too,” added the broker. “The last quotation
of D._& W. was 5,000 shares at 67 7-8." ‘

“Might be a boom on.” grinned HaL

“I wouldn't bet on it.” 

“Well. I've brought half a dozen orders for
voii to execute for customers of mine." said Hal.
apparently dismissing D. & W. from his mind,

“A11 Piltht. my boy. The more the merrier.
You seem to be getting your share of business
for a new broker. and a boy ‘it that."

“I hﬁveiiét tiliunykkick gming."

“ s ou 'n not ter makin .000 on
of D. & G. the other day.” 2 $40 t

“You didn't do so bad yourself, I guess,’
laughed Hal. “You had twice as much of the
stock as I had. and if you held it long enough
yin probably made twice as much as I did."

Mr. Fassett winked his eye and looked wise.

“I made enough to pay for all the mint juleps
I shall drink for some time to come.”

“Well, I hope you’ll live long enough to make
the proprietors of all- the Broad Street cafes
rich.” chuckled Hal as he rose to go.

‘~‘I hope I will. too. Mint iulep is a reﬁned
luxviliry that you have vet to become acquainted
wit .” .

_ “That's right. Mr. Fassett; but I hope mint
Juleps and I will always remain strangers. You
know my sentiments on the subject."

With those words Hal walked out of the
oﬂice. He went up into the visitor's gallery of
the Stock Exchange and took a bird's eye view
of the ﬂoor. where several hundred broke}-5 were
making Rome howl. He soon noticed that things
were lively around the D. & W. standard. '

‘At least two brokers were buying largely of
that stock. Hal then went into Hapgood’s oiﬁce
and watched the ticket for a little while. noting
the fact that there were many sales of D. 8: W.
quoted and that the price had gone up to‘68 1~8.

 

 

   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
  

 

OUT’ iron} ‘A MILLION" ‘

“I guess that tip about D. & W. is all right." door opened and Jacob Lippett. lo‘oking haggard .
mused Hal. as he walked out on the street again. and sullen. entered the outer room and asked for
“I'll.go over to the safe deposit and take out him. _ . ’ _ »
enoughcash to put up as margin on a few thou- “Mr. Fisher is out." replied Jack.

   
 

I

-To sand shapes." ,, “When will he be back?” demanded the curb "
He decided to get in on» 5,000 shares, and when broker in an ungracious tone.  r 7
he carried his money into Hapgood’s office he. “Fifteen or twenty minutes." ' >
found that the stock was ruling at 66. Then he “Then I will wait for him.” i
went back to the office. where he found some _Jack pointed at a chair and turned away. _Mr. 5;
i more mail matter awaiting his attention. When _Lippett, instead of seating himself. walked right
, he went to lunch he looked zgzgtéies ticker and saw int“oWHal’s private oﬂice. ” .
thgi  ¥].1'l.:(2i‘sb(sJ?llé1iI1]i§z1abt,000 shares instead of ster, ﬁi1()'kll‘{11}Z1e£la31¢3s;1i‘Z:h§0E7i2S1ii¥.4i')el‘I.'ve:‘I Xgigzrifii ‘I332:
A5,000,” he thought. “If the rise keeD_s on as my eye_ on him_. A_ny man who would be guilty 
steady as this I’ll buy another 5,000 this after- of playing a trick like that Grand Paciﬁc cert1ﬁ-  /’
noon. and I guess I'll invest Miss Harley's $900 cate affair would rob a safe-—if he got the chance. ‘
in it, too!" He won't rob our safe. however. for it's locked
He was back at the office in half an hour and and the key is _in the boss's pocket. Still. I don’t
'a glance at the ticker showed him that D. & W. like_to have him all alone in the private room.
had advanced to 69 5-8. He isn’t above poking in the letter cabinet_to see.
At two o’clock he decided to make a purchase what hetclailii ﬁlndhout. I'll have business in that
, . , . ' roomuni asowsu." ‘.
of‘§’5e§:;dti?iSo(i)(?tS(i}a{7e:SSett;" he said to himself. As he started for the) door of the inner oﬂico A
“it will cost me about $35,000 to_ cover my mz_ir— he was startled by the sound of fractured glass. ‘“
gm thnis time. I thinl/(“I'll play a joke 0 old mint Jack threw open the door and saw Mr. Lippe_tt ,.
Julep. he chuckled. I'll get a th’ousa d;dollars with the frame aﬁidavit. sworn to by Jackson, in ,-
yrorth of silver’ half dollars and Ill put_ it loose his hands. He had seen it. on the top of the
in my hag, and have the fun of seeing him count desk where Hal had forgotten it. and an un-
-, it. .If there's one thing he hates to handle it s govemable desire to destroy this piece of damag-0
.. .‘_si'lver..” . 4 '_ _ J mg evidence came over him. I_{e smashed the
. ’ So Hal took his small alligator grip and started glass and was in the act of tearing the aiﬁdﬁvitf.
_ for the safe deposit vaults after telling Jack out of the frame when Jack confronted him. 
 .that_he’d be back in about half an hour. He got “Here. I say. what are you doing?” cried the
,_N 'th&f.1l}!0_ney he wanted from his ‘box in the vaults. boy._ snatching the frame_ out of his hands. * 0
- put it into his satchel and made a bee-line for a Lippett turned upon him in_ a burst of fury ‘A
money broker's. He changed two $000 bins f0!‘ and struck him a heavy blow with his cane. Jack. ‘
$29 rolls of silver ﬁfty-cent pieces, and stir: half-stunned, staggered back into the outer room.  
. prised the_ money broker by .hreakin the rolls and the curb_broker. wild with rage. started after
.. and emptying the silver loose into his air.  He raised his cane and aimed another vie-. -
. .!‘What are you doing that for ?" asked the as- ious blow at the lad. ~ v
 man. ‘;You"1l have the trouble of count- MESS Benson saw the déspemte look in thew-M:
mg it fill Wen be t_ ,t The manseves. and as the cane descended on Jacki‘-“‘
.' Dont you worry 3 ut my cou_n 111211 ._ ' webster. she half mse. 1,, he}. Chan... uttered ‘ ~ .
that fe110W,W111 30 that»! 8m 3"“ P 337,133 4 suppressed scream and immediately fainted. Jack ,:
ioke 011 8 friend Of mm?-V , ht h r_ threw _up his arin_to save himself. and the framed V
~_~'l'he satchel was pretty WGIEEIY noglash so aﬂidavit ﬂew behind the_ ticket. The cane bore
$'e1'- 15‘;  F%188et§’tS £8,990-ut Elﬁhe om‘: dovgln tlﬁe l:ioy’s arm and inflicted a stunning blow .'
 hue“ ° me . ‘ . 011 IS 68 . e
xboy. however. said he'd be back in twenty ,min:o blhgk gnliwed. ‘lie ‘3 ox gtﬁlckeﬁ in th:h:mm_
. es, an y qui an mo 0 ess upon rug
 mlftgkffa moﬁrei t° my °ﬂ-ice a_nd at the _curb brokei-’s feet. Then the man seemed ._
" He cloolklied ﬁtothe «itickaer and saw that D. & W. t° r9‘hz° that he had 2°“ ‘°° .f‘“'- and ‘"th°l¢ 3‘.
‘Wu hﬁhuoud at 69 V7_8. _ Look)!!! tosee whether he had killed Jack or notes
‘ “It's gone up two whole points since I found e startedlfor the d°°}l;' ‘git that m°m°”t H‘l~
J 0 ti ti I wonder what it wlil do to—morrow. unexpected Y entered t e-0 cc’ Ford“ ‘-noun“
ﬂtlfhﬁs P.-n th earmarks of a boom about it . I he stood aghast at the sight that met_ his eyes.
‘l ’u1dn': be et all surprised if it went to  or T}-‘en hf darted f°'-ward and daisheg m3 "m m
3'0 I hasad that before I Hope I,“ make Lippetts face. . A shower q_f coin in _ ated the
-..0mW8_-ovf guy mmaw lucky ‘hauls out of this_ ;:sceail.bE3(swca:iae fell from his grasp an he stag-
‘.*::.::: ‘.*;r.*.‘:::.":*.‘.£::".‘.::::‘°.::..°.‘.'.- Es. , “Y‘:,;;;°;:;‘:¥:d*°""  as “what have m
, . J 
t° mY'l’a°'" . '. . Once more he swung his grip. rezardless of tho
w'§§i‘.‘3’.;'i';.§i“°é'i5’J§i.‘§‘ a3.“’ii.’.§“§§‘.iu’.Tf.“ia‘§E’i‘.’i‘i’.$.‘3 "*°';;v *t.,;=°n;=*g;,°d-,, Sgmhg It.;tm=k Wm
 ‘"1 t° the fomlth ﬂ°°r 1" 3 few ﬂinch: gi.’ esii’ver gheeziirifnhmakzi ;n "£
 ’ — , _,—.——— ‘ - iglalljttél (fgd tl'§8ﬂ0OI_‘.- wheire thedlaén 1:31! .- 
_- --  1 . .'..os -‘grin asie an‘ over
‘xi;   Time, m ‘kl.’ om?" who was bleeding freely from the gash *'
  w1tl¥5by.:Lippett’s cane. ._  _‘ 

 
   
   
        
     
    

     
 
     
   
   
  

  
      
   
  

   
      
        
    

  
      
      
 
  
   

  
  
  
      
   

  
       
  

 
 
    

    
  

         
      

      
     
    

    
  

  

   
         
     

  
    
        
   
  

          
  

   
   
    

       

 ‘ \.

 

V to the water cooler. and ﬁlling the glass with ice
water, dashed it in his messenger’s face. The
shock of the cold liquid had a salutory effect,

’ - and Webster began to revive. Hal got a second

' - '- glassful and started in to bathe the boy’s face.
Jack opened his.eye.s in a dreamy way and pre-
sently sat up. -

“Did that rascally Lippett hit you with his’

r. , cane?” asked Hal.

:_ ' “Did he?” replied Jack‘. who was rapidly re-
covering. “I should say he did. I thought my
head was smashed in. -Did he get away ‘I’:

“Not much he didn't. I Laid him out with a
VA .. ‘couple of blows of my grip.” - _

” “You got back just in the nick of time. That
fellow had murder in his eyes when he went for
me.”

“What was the cause of the trouble 1"’ _

“He was trying to destroy the framed aﬂidavit
yoirgot from Jackson. I interfered and snatched
it out of his hails after he_ had broken the_ glass.
Then he struck me alongside the head with his
cane. The blow dazed me, and before I could
recover myself. he_ hit me the second crack that
knocked me out.” '

“That settles ‘Mr. LiDDett’8 l_18_Sl'I With_ me»"
said Hal. tensely. “He'll go to Jail for this as-
sault on you. and I’ll have no mercy on him for
the certificate aﬂair now. ‘r That will settle him
for good and all in the Street. He’s a" Scoundrel
and deserves all that's commit to him.

Jack got on his feet. _ _

- “Gee! Where did all that silver money come
 from?" he almost gasped. as his eves took in
..-,»:"'tf.lhe piles of half dollars that lay around on the

. cor.

“From mvy grip.” replied Hal. ‘'1 had $1.000
 I ' ‘LII ' V
. :null§:s{$u3etr}1;sEe hit him a good whack. for
 0’ e~i°'3o:iiixi?tg§§£e if I had smashed his face in—
,0 ‘the rascal!"

‘ “He deserved all he got. for_ he gave me a
couple of nasty clips. My head is aching to beat

i the band. 'I_ say. Hal. look at Miss Benson.

Blessed if she hasn’t fainted."

Hal glanced at his stenographer, whom he had
\. not thought of until that moment. and saw her

Jegning back unconscious  her chair.

“My‘gracious!»" he exclaimed. , _

He grabbed up the glass. ran for more ice
water. and was soon Bathing her face and fore-
head, while Jack caught up her hands and began
chaﬁng them. Between them they brought the
' to her senses. For some moments she looked
. around in a dazed sort of way. as though not com-
’ prehending what had happened to her. _

“Feel better now?" asked Hal. sympathetically.

3 . “Yes.- What is the matter?"

. Then she saw the blood on Jack's face. turned

‘white again and seemed about to go off into an-

other faint when Hal dashed the rest of the water

' her face. She burst into a ﬂood of tears and

"buried her face in her hands. _

~ “Better go into my private _oﬂi_ce till you come

around)“ said Hal. gently lssistmg the weeping

ind unnerved girl on her feet ‘and leading her
._‘._&o.his sanctum. where he placed her in his chair
hd closed'the door on her. , _
..‘When he returned Jack was gathering up the
“fromthe rug and returning it to the hand-

 

=2». 5

.5.

  
  
   

E

 

OUT FOR A MILLION

15

bag. Hal helped him clean up the stuff. and then
they turned their attention to Mr. Lippett. who.
though not actually injured, was utterly incap-
able of getting on his feet.

“I believe the fellow is half drunk," remarked
H_al. “Look at his eyes. He must have been
gitjher drunk or crazy to attack you they way he

i .”

“What shall we do with him ?"

“Run into Mr. Gray’s and telephone to the
station for an oﬂicer to take him away.”

“Shall I charge him with assault ?”

“Sure. e’ll ﬁnish him up for good -and all in
Wall Street when I get through with him.”

So Jack. after washing the blood from his face.
went to Broker Gay’s office and telephoned for
an oﬂ‘ice_r. When he arrived Jacob Lippett was
seated in a chair. looking the picture of hard
luck. Hal gave him in charge and told Jack to
go along and make’ the complaint. .

Lippett however resisted arrest, and the officer
had to handcuff him and send for the patrol
wagon. It took two policemen to get him to
the street and into the wagon. As soon as quiet
had been restored to the office. Hal went into his
private room to see how his stenographer was
getting on. But this time she had quite recov-
ered her customary composure. She told Hal why
she had fainted. _

“I thought the man crazy. and that he was
about to kill both Mr. Webster and myself. I
never was so frightened in all my life before."

“He was under the inﬂuence of liquor to a
certain extent.” replied Hal. “and that makes
some people look and act more or less crazy.”

“I hope Mr. Webster isn't injured much.” she
said. with a little shudder.

“Oh. no. He's all right aitain. barring a fierce
headache the blows gave him."

The girl smiled and was about to resume her
work when Hal told her she could go home. as he
wou1dn’_t need her any more that afternoon. Fif-
teen minutes after she had gone Jack returned
with word that Mr. Lippett was locked up in a
_cell and would be taken to the court in the mom-
ing. s

“He’ll soon see his ﬁnish," replied Hal. taking
up his grip and starting to return to Broker
Fassett’s oﬂice. “

He found that gentleman in when he arrived
there. After telling Mr. Fassett the joke he
intended playing on him. that gentleman and
Hal counted the loose silver in the bag. Hal
then told him to buy 5,000 shares of D. & W.
for him. Then he told the broker all the details
of the job Lippett had tried to put upon him.
He also bought 100 shares of D. & W. for Miss
H1;rley’s account. Later ,he left Mr. Fassett’s
0 cc.

Next morning Jackson and Lippett were held
for the action of the Grand Jury.

After the courtproceedings Hal went ground
and bought up all the D. 8: W. stock he could
get hold of. He found 10,000 more shares. mak-‘

' ing 15,000 shares he now held. ’

 

CHAPTER XI.—Hal Calls on Lawyer. Judson.

There were busy and exciting". times in Wall-
Street during the next ten days. :1). &.W. rose
in bounds to 89 before irshowed any sign: it

I
W: .
«-35:

4'‘
L

  
 

      
     
  
    
  
  
  
  
    
 
   
   
 
   
   

V .
~13
weakening. and all the other stocks participated
In the bull movement. Everybody seemed to
be making money hand over fist. but what they
‘made would in the end appear on the wrong side

of ‘somebody else’s ledger. 7
Hal had almost more customers than he could
attend to, but he managed to get through by hir-
ing an unusually bright little boy to carry his
messages and promoting Jack to desk work.
W'hen D. & W. hung around 89 for the good part
of an afternoon. as if loath to go higher. Hal
decided it was time to sell out. He sent a note
to liapgood ﬁrst to let his block of shares go. and
Hapgood sold the ﬁve thousand. which Hal had
bought at 69. inside of ten minutes at 89 1-2.
This meant a profit of nearly one hundred
thousand dollars for the Young Midas. Inside of
half an hour he sent his young messenger to Fas-
' sett with directions to sell the block he was
« holding for him. and also Miss Harley's one
hundred shares. They .went at 90. and Hal had
cleaned up another hundred thousand dollars. al-
most, while his fair customer netted a proﬁt of
glmost two thousand dollars.
Finally. ﬁfteen minutes before the Exchange
closed, he sent word to the broker who held his
, last lot to close him out. and they went at 99
also: Then Hal sat down and began to figure out
his total proﬁts. ‘
, “I've made about two hundred and eighty t_hou- -
'aand dollars on this deal.” he murmured. With a
«sigh of exultation. as he sat back in his chair
and contemplated the ﬁgures he had just made on
the pad. “That with my capital and recent proﬁts
‘ ‘make me worth four hundred thousand dollars.
I shall make that million I'm out for before I'm.
-twenty-one if my luck holds out.” ‘ _

He then wrote a note to Miss Harley mformmg
her of her good luck. Just as he sealed the
envelope Jack rushed into the private oﬂice with-
out the formality of knocking.

“I say, Hal." he cried excitedly. “have you sold
out your D. 6’; W. yet?"
“Why do you ask. ack?” I
.‘‘Because the mar has taken a slump. and
prices seem to be going to the dogs.”
“I sold out my last share ﬁfteen minutes ago.”
«‘ rep ‘ed Hal. with a smile. , _ _
“ ood for you!” shouted Jack. cutting’ a mild
gaper on the rug. “You’re safe, then?" -
“That's about the size of it.”
About a week after the D. & W. panic Hal"
\ found a letter from a Nassau Str et lawyer in his
mail asldng him to call at his 0 ce on important
business. , D ’ ,
' “I have no business that I know of with this
man. I: he wants to see me he'll have to’ call

    
 
     
     
         
       
       
 
  
    
       
    
   
  

‘ atmy otﬁoe.” .
So Hal dictated a reply to that eﬁect and had
it mailed to his legal correspondent. Next day
he received another letter from the lawyer. Who
‘Itated that 'he could not very Well call 1190!! H31
L at his oﬁice. nor could he state in a letter the
nature of the business he had in hand ‘which re-
 Ha1‘s presence-at his own,oﬁlce.
‘He said it was very important and the boy
' would-and it to his interest to show up at the
‘Koran Street address at five o'clock that aftei_- ;
, ‘; pg. ‘Hal was? ed to understand -whltdt»

s

    
     
   
  
   

 
  

arqpaiaeyzv-ea age lawr_er’I.

      

~ ‘our son A MILLION’

 

the hour mentioned. Accordingly at five o'clock
he reached the address of Benjamin Judson. At-
torney and Counselor-at-Law. No. Nassau
Street.
_ It was an old-fashioned four-story brick build-
ing. without an elevator. .The stairways were
dark and narrow. and uncommonly dirty. so far
as the meager light,permitted the caller to see.
“I'd feel sorry to see a fat man come up here.
I’m afraid these stairs nev_er would hold his 
weight. They feel as if they were on the point 
of giving way any moment. One of these days 1%
there’ll be a crash. and maybe somebody will -' _,f
get hurt.” - 3?

Nothing like that happened on this occasion.
The stairs were really stronger than their wobbly
appearance would lead one to think. Hal stepped
upon the top landing and saw a door. the upper»:
half of which was of opaque glass. right before »
him. Painted’ as if with lamp Jilack upon this
glass were the words: ‘ -
L “Benjamin Judson. Attorney and Counselor—’at—

aw.”

“This must be some unpopular lawyer.” thought
Hal. and he deliberated once more as to whether
he should call upon the man or not. While he
was standing in an undecided way at the head
of the stairs the door of Judson’s oﬁice ‘opened
and a square—built. tough-looking man came out.

He left the door open. and Hal caught a glimpse _
0 an uncarpeted ﬂoor. a table and two chairs;
and a vista of housetops through a rear window.
The prospect was not an enticing one. and Hal
decided that he wouldn't make the call. As he
turned to descend a hand was laid on his shoulder. .,
and the tough. smooth-faced chap asked him If  ‘
his name was Hal Fisher. 

“That's my name.” replied the young broker»

“Mr. Judson is waiting for u inside," 
the other. “l was just going nstairs,to 
if you were-/coming. as Judson is in a hurry to
get away.” / . V
- Hal hesitated. ,for he didn’t like the outlook.

“Are you connected with Mr. Judson ‘."' he 
asked the tough individual. .

“Yes. I'm his clerk.”

“Do you know what Mr. Judson wants to see
me about?" he asked. - ' . —i

“It’s important business... that’s al I'know.''; ”
was the reply. “He'll tell you all about it as’
soon as you go in there.” ‘_

To tell the truth. the bdy didn't relish the in-
terview that appeared to be ahead of him. $.
was sorry now that he had come up there. But"
he couldn't frame any reasonable excuse for back ,
ing out. now that he was within a few steps at
his destination. ‘So he turned around and walkhd.
toward the open door. followed by the tough-_
looking clerk. There was no one in the pontiff
furnished reception-room. the walls of which 
covered with a cheap grade of paper, whooq
original color was a matter of some doubt, whllt,
the ceiling evidently hadn't seen a xv ' 3
brush in unnumbered years. ‘

       
     
     
       
 
    
   
   
     
   
     
     
     

  

  
  
   
  

   

 
 
 
 
 
 

There were a number of unframed-

sao .
pictures pasted against the walls. 
overﬂowing spittoons on the  ﬂoor. ‘ .

conversation Roving on in an .-x .
room as he paused on the  as
of disgust. "rho clerk behind him ’
“Here he is. Mr. Judson.” and as

      
    
 
 
  

     
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
    
 
   
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
    
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  

_ L. - _ .
kite the room the fellow closed the door‘ and stood
with his back against it. The face of_ a heavily
bearded man was thrust out of the inner door.
. and a pair of deep-set, black eyes looked Hal
-over critically.
“Are you Mr. Fisher?” he asked.
“That is my name. sir.” "
_ “I am Mr. Judson. Please step into my 09508-
.3 ' Hal crossed the unattractive reception-m_om.
while the tough clerk walked to a window and
seemed to be intent on an inspection of the_ ad-
iacent housetops. As the boy entered the inner
room, Judson waved his hand_at a chair near a
cheap-looking desk, behind which he seated him-
self. Hal took possession of the chair and then
,, glanced at the other occupants of the room. _He
was surprised and rather disturbed to identify
“one of them as Jacob Lippett. The other was
» Jackson.

we

..

,  - -CHAPTER XII.—TraDbed.

, l‘What did you want with me, Mr._ Judson ?"
—’ asked the young broker. curtly. turmniz to the
run. who represented himself as a lawyer, though
there was nothing about the two rooms that
.would lead one to suspect t any kind of legal
Business was ‘transacted there. _ _
“Iwanted you to meet this gentleman," indicat-
' ing Mr. Lippett. “on a little matter of business."
- “I have no business‘ whatever with that man."
.  Hal. “If that is all you brought me
: -» - for you might have saved your postage
stamps,’ and the boy rose indignantly from his
A chair d walked to the now closed door. No
one inntxlie room made a move to detain him. but
neon Liﬁvett gave an audible chuckle as the boy
zturned the knob and found the door locked.
7 “What is the meaning of_ this. Mr. Judson ‘I:
: cried Hal. in anger. “Why is this d_oor”locked?
9 ‘To prevent intruders from entermz. suavely
liq! th ‘'1 er.” . -
#21 mugs: 3:11}, to unlock it. so that I can pass
, out." demanded Hal. _
"1 “Pray take a seat. my young friend. nad let
; us proceed to business.” said Mru Judson, with
Erin politeness. _
.. r-‘I have no business to transact with you or any
 else; that includes Mr. Lippett.‘ replied Hal.
"1 ask you again to open the door."
. “B'ut'Mr. Lippett is‘very anxious to come to
ionic arranzement_—--" .
v “I don’t know how_ anxious he is. I refuse to
Jisve any dealings yvxth him-” _ ,
“That’s hardly fair. young man. considering the
light in which you have placed him." ‘"
“In which he has placed himself, you mean.
, “Not at all. You are the cause of his present
‘hnmviable situation. « You exposed him in open
,.

‘ “I think Mr. Jackson did that.” replged 1181-
‘Hr. Lippett does not hold Mr. Jackson respon-
 _ fog ‘what he was obliged to do under com-

presume you think I am to blame for Mr.
.- a outrageous conduct in my oﬁie. too.
v-he almost killed my ymessenzelk?”

, I do not." - _ ‘
suppose I ought to_ be extremely grateful
Ir. -Lippett for his kind forbearance‘ in that

" replied Hal. sarcastically.

OUT you A MILLION

 

17

“Mr. Lippett is prepared to make it all right
with the young man in question if he will with-
draw the charge of assault.” .

“What do you mean by all right 7."

“Well, I believe Mr. Lippett is willing to Du)‘
him one thousand dollars in full for the injuries
which he sustained on that occasion."

“Indeed!” replied Hal.

“That. however. is a side issue. Mr. Lippett

was under the inﬂuence of liquor then and should .

be accorded a certain degree of leniency."
“I don’t think he is entitled to any considera-
tion whatever," replied Hal.

“I am sorry you take that uncharitable view
of the matter, young man. However, let us get
down to business. I am instructed by Mr. Lip-
pett to offer you the sum of ﬁve thousand dollars
cash if you will withdraw your charge of crook-
ed business conduct on his part in reference to
the matter in which a certain certiﬁcate of Grand
Paciﬁc stock ﬁgures as the principal exhibit.
What do you say T” at

“It _is_ impossible for me t‘o"accede to your
proposition, Mr. Judson. The matter is now en-
tirely out of my hands. In any case, I wouldn't
do it _for ten times ﬁve thousand dollars. Had
Mr. Lippett called that day in a sober and peni-
tent attitude, oﬁered me a full apology and his
regrets thathe had permitted himself to engage
in such a disreputable» piece of business-—if he
had put all that on paper. signed and swore to
its truth before a notary, that I might retain
it as a guarantee against a repetition of such
tricks, that would have closed the incident. No
one would have been the wiser, and Mr. Lippett
would to-day be doing business at the same stand.
instead of standing in the shadow of a prison
wall. That's all I have to say on the subject
and any further talk on your part in the inter-

.est of your client, Mr. Lippett. is, simply waste

time."

Judson _looked ‘at Mr. Lippett as if he had
ﬁnished his part in‘the proceedings and wanted
further instructions. The curb broker's counte-
nance was black and threatening. He turned upon
Hal with a glare of rage in his bloodshot eyes.

“You'll come to some arrangement with me in
this room,” he thundered. “or you'll not leave
this place alive."

That was a startling intimation to Hal of
what he might expect if he maintained his de-
ﬁant attitude. and he now realized that’ he had
walked into a trap prepared expressly for him.
He was a plucky boy. however, and not easily
frightened. He saw that he couldn’t escape from
the room by the way he had entered, since the
door was locked and the key missing. After a
rapid glance around the room he coolly walked
back to the chair he had occupied for a moment
on coming into the room and sat down.

.“I= presume you have the key to that door,
Mr. Judson ?” he said, looking the lawyer in the
eye. .

“I have.- It is in my pocket."

“I request you to open the door
out."

“I am sorry. but Mr. Lippett desires to con- ,

clude this business before you go."'
“Then you refuse to let me out?”
“For the present—yes."

“What position do you occupy in this matter, *

’__.

and let me-pass‘

 

 
 

   
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  

'18

Mr. Jackson ‘.”’ asked Hal. “Are you a party to
this attempt to bulldoze me into doing something
that I am opposed to?"

“I am merely a spectator.". replied the‘man.
evasively.

“This talk is .-all nonsense. and we are only
wasting time. Judson," roared the curb broker.
“Let us get down to business. Bring that docu-
ment out of‘ your desk, with pen and ink. Let
Fisher read it. If he. will sign it right here.
well and good. You can then open the door and
let him out. If he refuses—-however. we'll speak
of that afterward." . .

Mr. Judson opened his desk. by raising the
ﬂap, to get the paper. Hal. glancing in that
direction, saw a revolver inside. Mr. Judson
pulled out ‘the paper. an ink bottle and a pen-
holder. He handed the former to Hal. and.Dlaced
the other articles on the outside of the desk.
,The boy broker coolly opened the paper. It was
‘a statement exonerating Mr. Lippett from all
intentional wrong—doing in connection with the
Grand Paciﬁc certificate, and expressing the
signer’s regret that he had been ‘so_ hasty in
bringing the matter before a court of Justice be-
fore he had thoroughly investigated the case.’

“You want me to sign this. Mr./Lipvett? said

      
   
  
 
       
  
       
 
 
 
 
 
     
      
       
     
       
     

al. _
“That’s what .vou’ve got to do.” replied the curb
broker. with a significant nod.
“And you propose to pay me ﬁve thousand
dollars for doing it?” _ _
“I am willing to do that. if you will guarantee
to appear in court and help me quash both
charges”.
“Mr. Judson. allow me to sit at your desk a
moment.” said Hal. through whose. head an Idea
. had suddenly ﬂashed. reaching for the Den-holder.

The impression his words and action conveyed
was that he had yielded to force of circumstances
‘ ‘and -was about to sign the naper_ exoneratnu!
_ the curb broker. Mr. Judson accordm2ly_Jumped
- up with alacrity. while a satisﬁed expression too’
the place of the siilky frown on Mr. Lippetts
face. Hal, however had not the slightest inten-
tion of signing the paper iiiquestion. He made
the blot! of spreading the paper carefully out
onvvthe top of the desk. then dropping the pen.
he deftly lifted the lid. snatched the revolver,
gnd, cocking it. tui‘n_ed to Mr. Judson and said:

_"I’l1 Rive you just one nhnute_to take the key
’ out of your pocket and throw that door wide
. « open. . I

  

/.
‘K.
-.

-

CHAPTER‘ XIII.--A/ Golden Pointer.

, .,"1'he» presence of the‘ revolver in Hal's hand
] completely altered the situation. Mr. Judson utter-
 '—ed a gasp and started back: Mr. Jackson looked
‘visibly disturbed.. while Mr. Lippett uttered an
tion and put-his hand to his hip pocket.
’ ’ ‘boy coolly. observed the effect that the
weapon produced. _
»-:~tfYou appear _to have -a gun in our pocket.
ﬁr.‘-Lippett." said Hal. “Obhge me y‘ throwing
you; hands.’ \ ' __ -
 curb ‘broker hesitated. _
‘4:Gen§emven.“". said the young broker. layins #-
‘ ‘ basis onlthc word.‘ “I-
:.@*’

  
 

 
      
     
 
  
 

  

 
      

our iron A ini.L1oN

k A son and his tough so-called clerk. and the potion

h .
s  sow’:

   

 

I ,‘ .
that you won't attempt anything rash. I don_‘t _ 
careto hurt you. but. remember. you have tricked
me into coming to this place. have locked me
in here against my will. and have threatened
me if I did not do something that appears to-be
of vital consequence to you. but which is clearly ~ _ ,
illegal. Under such circumstances if I should
disable one or all of you, or even kill you. if I
am obliged to do so. I don't think the law would
hold me responsible. So once more I must order 
you to open that door. Mr. Judson." .

As Hal spoke he covered the lawyer with the ‘
weapon. while he kept a wary eye.on the baﬁled
curb broker. who had prudentlyremoved his hand
from his coat-tails. Mr.,Judson hastened to do
as he was bid. and while he was unlocking the: >1
door Hal folded the document he had been asked "
to sign and put it in his pocket. When the door.
was open the lawyer jumped outside and, out of 3 
Sight. Pointing the revolver at Mr. Lippett. tlie,’f'W.,
boy moved toward the door. When‘he got near 3 -a‘
it he sprang quickly into the reception-room. for,>_~4 _..
fear that Mr. Judson might make an eﬁ'ort -‘to .
strike him down,if,he passed out slowly. 'l'he'_
lawyer. however. had disappeared The tough .
clerk stood near the window. but made no eﬁort ‘; '
to dispute Hal's retreat. and so the boy walked -~
to the outer door. passed through. shut it behind, ‘
him. and started for—- the stairs. At the top of
the ﬂight he lit a match to illumine the darkness
and to discover if Mr. Judson was lying - in
wait for him anywhere on the landing below
That, individual was not in sight. so Haldax
scended the stairs. In another minute he wane
_ on the sidewalkand safe from further interfere»

en? omtihe plalrtlof his (fnﬁhmiels). A ’

. ext ay ya visite e istrict ttorney’
oﬂice and banding in the document Mr’. Lippcttée.
had expected to induce him to sign. told one it y
the assistant district attorneys what he had lyee1i""*
through the evening before at No.
street. He furnished a description of Mr. ,

J’

‘.‘~~»u...= : ‘i . .

' . _4
5-H?

 
   

   
  
 
    

 
 
  

   

 
   
   
  
 

were soon instructed to look _for’tbose persons.
One day not long afterward a well- >
broker entered I-Ial’s oﬁice and asked‘ to see him.)
As the boy happened to be in his visitor
shown into his sanctum. _
“I am glad to know you. Mr. Partridge,"
ti-llal. who knew his caller by -sight and rep3t‘a- 
on. . 1
“The pleasure is mutual.” replied the calkr
beaming upon the boy.
“What can I do for you. Mr. Partridge!’
“There is quite a number of us who are form-
ing a pool for the purpose of booming a cer%
stock. We already have about $10,000, _
pledged. but some of the people want you to go
in for,,1uck. for you seem to be _one of the ;
fortunate speculators. for a beginner, the St‘re'e;t._ 1
has ever bown. So I have been sent to 'o&:._‘':?*
you a chance to_come in. It will cost you“ '23:
quarter of a million. but you will easily 
. your investment. _I can guarantee that.’ '14
“What stock are you going to boom ?”

 
  

  

 
  
 

  
   
    
  
 

 
 
   

Hal. . . . -. .
“It wouldn't ,be prudent for me to .tell
that until you have pledged your_sei.f,.to . - .
us. Nobody outsidd_ the’. syndicate,
_our secret}? _~. . - ‘- "
. “Who “are—the~_gentleIuen that have
, . - .r_ ‘__ ‘pi .

    
 

.1.

1..

   

   
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
   

fﬂie broker named over several of the solid
mm of the Street.

“A quarter of a million is a lot of money,
Ir. Partridge. How do you or the other gentle-
men know that I can toe the mark to that ex-
tent?” ‘ ~
“We don't know; but you would not sign our
agreement unless you could make good."

‘ ‘That's right. Without saying whether  am or
am not worth a quarter of a million I will have
fto-ask you to excuse me from going into your
Syndicate. I do not fancy combinations any-
gway on general principles in spite of the fact
iﬂnt many of them make large proﬁts for their
—mcmbers. Aside from that fact I have determined
;not to go into any pool to control a stock until
am old enough to buy a seat in the Exchange.
wharone is put up at auction.”
\ Hr. Partridge did not press him to reconsider
ills determination. but after a little side talk
he got up and left. After he had gone_Hal sat

_ 'ew.
"Tl_iat’s

a pretty wealthy crowd that will be
-. n . - . with that combination.

I’d give con-

”«

llderable to learn what the name of the stock.-—

they're going to boom. It would mean a
brtune to me. Well. I’m going to keep my eyes
then. The trend of certain stocks on the market
“lliy give me a hint. or I may find out in some
 way. It pays to keep wide awake in Wall
' _ In fact if you don’t you'll soon see your
 the following‘ afternoon Hal had occasion
a go to_aJersey City. A couple of gentlemen,
om he recognized not only as solid Wall Street
- but as members of the syndicate he had
. . invited to join. preceded him aboard the
and took a seat in the gentleman's cabin
ahead of him. Hal noticed tThey_,were talk-
_ ."‘shop." and he kept his ears wide open.
"We couldn't have selected a better.stock than
& W.," remarked one of them to his friend.
‘i is selling low—much below what it is really
orth. andvwe shall have no‘ trouble in sending

“.‘5Who did you say was going to do the buying
0 booming for us ?” asked the other.
."H_on-is Jacobs and Ben Thompson.”
E‘-'rWhen do they begin buying?”
Saturday morning. I look to see them get
' of the bulk of the shares before the price
u ; to go up to any extent." _ _
.. . y continued to talk on the s_ubiect until

"boat ran into the Jersey_Cit.v slip. and they
ed with the crowd. as did Hal.
y George!" cried the boy broker. “Talk about
.1 Here I"ve got riﬂlt 01! 30 the "33"? 9f
atock'tl1e syndicate I was asked to J0ln is
to boom. ~-And the information comes to
, from the best of all souroes——tlie mouths
2: \_directly connected with the deal. So their
ers‘are going to begin buying on Saturday.
* Well. I’ll begin buying right away_-gto-
- morning. ‘If I don't make half a million
' of this with my capital I ought   kicked.
- rill bringme close upJ;o the million mark.
“gum the Young Midas of Wall _Stre_et all

_ y if I continue to be such a favorite pf
I: 002511: to

become a multi-millionaire
! reach thirty.” -

g  desk and reﬂected on the subject of the

‘for examination.

OUT FOR A "MILLION‘ ' x 19

Although outwardly calm. Hal in reality was
2‘1_’ea_tlY excited over‘ the prospect that he saw
withm his grasp. He knew that if he could man-
age to buy a considerable amount of P, & W.
at preyailing low ﬁgures. before the syndicate
brokers became aware of his purchases. he would
not only make a big pile of money. but make
matters eventually exceedingly uncomfortable for
the combination. : In fact he was likely to prove
the most important factor in the situation.

.1;

CHAPTER XIV.-—-Out for a Million.

Hal could hardly get to sleep that night by
reason _of the busy thoughts that surged through
his brain. for his mind was fully engrossed with
the plans he had in view for accomplishing his
object. When he reached his oﬁice in the mom-
ing he found an attendant of the Tombs waiting
to see him.

“You are wanted by the Warden for the pur-
pose of_,identifying a prisoner suspected to e
Berugln Judson. f Can you go up right away.”

_“I’"can accompany you in ﬁfteen or twenty
minutes,” replied Hal. “I must attend to my mail
first, and look after any commissions that re-
quire immediate handling.” .

“Very well. I will walk down to the Battery
and be back in half an hour." . .

The oﬂicial departed. In forty minutes he was
back again and then Hal went with him to the
Tombs, where he was shown into the warden’s
oﬂice. After a wait of ﬁfteen minutes. the
boy was- brought out into one of the corridors
of the jail where perhaps twenty men-—prisoners
and attaches intermingled—were drawn up in
line ready for inspection. Hal passed slowly
down the line. but it did not appear to him
that Judson was in the bunch. One man in the
center looked suspiciously like the “lawyer” about
the eyes, but he had only a natty little mustache.
whereas Judson had worn a heavy beard. Hal
told the warden that he could not identify Jud-
son. though he indicated that the man with the
mustache'as being something like him.

_“That is the man who was brought in last
night by the detectives on suspicion that he is
J L$SOIl. He was probably disguised with a false
be r_d when you saw him in Nassau Street. Your
partial identiﬁcation will be-enough to hold him
The detectives will try and
find out more about him."

When Hal returned _to Wall Street his first
business was to fill his handbag with money
from his safe deposit box. and start out to buy ‘in
P. _& W. ‘shares on the Quiet. The stock was
ruling at 58. He stepped into Hapgood’s and
ordered that gentleman to purchase 10,000 shares
for him on margin. He placed a similar order
with Mr. Fassett. Then he visited a dozen dilTer-
ent brokers and left small orders aggregating
30,000 shares. all of which he got for 58. He
also placed an order for 500 shlres in Miss Har-
ley's interest, having just enough of her money
to cover the margin. After that he stopped for
the day. having acquired 50,000 shares and laid
out $270,000 in margins. .

Next morning he gave both Hapgood and Fas-
sett orders to _buy 6,000 more shares apiece, for
which he had to Day 69. Next day was Saturday, ‘-

 

  

  

 

  
   
     
 
   

.. .- / -
.*’-'... ‘.. W L. .

and Hal made it his business to ﬁnd out if
brokers Morris Jacobs and en Thompson were
‘.buying P. & W. according to programme. They
were. as fast as they could get it. Hal then
gave a third order to Haygood and Fassett to
buy—him 5,000 more shares apiece. and these
shares cost him 60. That took within a few thou-
sands of every cent he had in the world.
“It’s going to be a million or bust with me
this trip.”-thought Hal as he sat at his desk
after the Exchange closed at soon. “I’ve got
70,000 shares of P. & W. which the syndicate
can have if it will pay me enough for it. It is
up’ to me to saddle it on the pool to the best
advantage. If the combination gets hold of all
5 the shares it wants before I am ready to sell. I
may ﬁnd some diﬁicultyof unloading at the proﬁt
I am looking for. I.must also look out that I
don’t break ‘the market at the ﬁnal stage of the
game. at least before I am on» Easy Street.”

On thefollowing Monday P. & W. was largely
traded in and the price went up to 61. at which

n

K .ﬁgure the syndicate brokers corralled Quite‘ a

bunch of the stock. Their eﬁorts to get: ore
on the next day drew more- attention’ ti), Tr,
purposes than they liked. Brokers ho1i}ing"‘the
stock made no eﬁort to let it out. owing to
their suspicions that Jacobs and Thompson were
acting for a pool. and as a consequence the price
of P. & W. stiffened. and sales were recorded at
62, 62 3-8'and 62 7-8. '

’ . When Messrs. Jacobs and Thompson t_'ound_ it
going at 62 they withdrew for a consultation with
their principals. Hal in the meantime was watch-
ing the market like a hawk. Even at the present
advance he was over $300,000 ahead. He expect-
ed to see it to to 70 at any rate. The pool started
a bear raid on P. & W. for the purpose of _-up-
setting any existing theory that an organized
scheme was under way to_boom the _shares. By

‘this means the operators interested in the stock

‘hoped ‘to shake out a goodly number of shares

.which a new lot of brokers were instructed to
buy in as lciw as they could get it. This move
proved fairly successful. P. & W. declined to
59,- at which ﬁgure many thousands of shares
changed hands. . .

- Hal._however, was not frightened into parting

' with any of his holdings. for lie was wise enoug
to expect something of this_kind to eventuate
from the too rapid. advance of P. & W. at the
start. As soon as the combination had got all
the shares it could buy at 59. the brokers bid a

*  higher ﬁgure and the shares gradually ad anced

to 65, many sales taking place as the stoc rose.
The public now began ‘to bite. and.a"l'iundred

'0 brokers, came on the ﬂoor with buying orders

in their pockets. This created a demand tor the
stock which started upward with .a rush. _ The
noon then ceased to buy and watched its op-
portunity/to unload.
I it was now up to Hail to get busy. and see
that in the excitement which began to accumulate
._aroImd=the P. & W. that he got rid of his stock

"7 ‘before the syndicate men got the best of him.

Accordingly, he gave orders to the various brok-

0 £.ez‘,-s who held 30,000 of. his shares. and also
‘Kine Harley's 500. to sell out at around '70. The

drake; gent 'oﬂ like hot cakes. netting Hal a r

 
   

. 300  H81 5.000. H
vs‘ . ;°rdvrsifsw*§e]f13iié two. 5.003’;

     

A " our FOR A MILLION

chow.‘ and it became generally known that the

' f

lots, and they went at 71, by which he cleared
I1e§=1r1Y.$l00.000._ Later in the day Fassett re-
ceived’ similar mstructions. and sold his two
5,000 lots at 72, on which Hal cleared a little I
We!‘ $100,000. With a half a million already —,’-
made Hal still had two blocks of 10,000 shares-— '
one block in Hapgood’s hands. the other in Fas- r
sett’s——ready to. be dumped on the market, He V 
leﬁ Hapgood’s out next morning. and the syn- 
dicate brokers had to _take it in to save the inar~
ket from going to pieces. Hal’s profit on this
lot. sold at 74. amounted to $150,000. Precisely
at noon Fassett threw the other 10,000 on the V .
market at 75. The syndicate staggered under, 
the load, but the millions in the pool enabled ‘the ‘i,
brokers representing the combination to take it .
in, and when the stock after dropping to 78‘. 
bounded_up again to 76, Hal rubbed his hands f
withdelight and started to count up the money. 
he had made on this gigantic deal. }
He found he had cleared a proﬁt of over three. ,
Quarters of a million. and that he was now worth’
all told. one and a quarter million dollars. The 
syndicate had tried in vain to ﬁnd out who had 3:
been ﬂooding the market with thousands of the
& W. shares just before its own b A _V
were preparing to unload. When the smoke b 
the- battle was over the secret leaked out s'oine~ "

 

.

 

Young Midas of Wall Street had made. all tlIc_ ,
n_ione_y and had handed out a lemon to the nIil- ' 1.?
licnaire combination. Then it was that all Wall»
Street took off its hat to Hal Fisher. andffor ‘‘
many days thereafter‘ the brokers talked of littill
else than his wgnderful coup in the market. Thé
papers that printed an account of Hal's ti-iumnh
also printed an account of the trial and con
viction of Jacob Lippett. and that of 
Judson.’both of whom were sent to Sing Sing. . ~
When Edna Harley received the letter 
statement from Hal informing her that the yoinfgx
broker had made.$6,000 more for her, she 
on to New York at once to personally thank liink;
Hal was delighted to see her, and after a length‘
ened interview. invited her to go to lunchwithﬁ’
him. He took her to Delmonico’s. and treated
her like a queen. After that Hal found an ax
cuse to go to Carlyle. N. J.. and pay his fgﬁén .
customer a visit. These visits were repeated‘ at in
shorter intervals. and ﬁnally one afternoon. whﬁ"-.L
they were out walking together. Hal asked  -
to be his wife. 0 gl
She gave him the" answer he wished for. 
to-day she is mistress of one of the swellost
residences _on Riverside Drive, New York.,-T&’_ is
newspapers printed a full account of his marriizi 
at the time. with pictures of Hal Fisher and hit; ,"’
fair young bride. . '  .5 t
On the Sunday f_ollow'Ig that evpnt. pug Mg
daily published in its magazine pages an 
trated life history to date of the meteoric and-
successful career of Hal Fisher. the ‘ ’

 
   
   
   
  
  

  
   
   
 
    

 

 
  
   
  
 

Young ‘
of Wall Street. who was out for a million 
got itvwith a margin to spare.  

Next week's issue. will contain “EVERY  "
‘A BOY; oi‘. DOING HIS LEVEL BE_ST.':_[ ‘ :1, 

  
 
  
   

Say, boys, do you know that __
stories in “Mystery Magazine”_jare{ - « i
   .  

   
    

 

   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
     
 

    

\” 1 . "~

IMPROVED LOCOMOTIVE

 Recent Italian scientiﬁc journals have been de-
'_bing a new “ther_ino-aero locomotive," a sim-
ple‘ device applicable to an ordinary locomotive

with slight expense and with only slight remodel-
’ . An internal motor, fed with oil, produces

Are the motive power. It is stated that the loco-
motive may be stopped without stopping the mo-
tor, power for upgrades may be increased and
A ,_ are no smoke, soot or ashes. It is esti-
. mated that traction costs on the Italian railways
. ’may by its use he reduced 70 pé} cent. .

 Thirteen ears ago Emma Rothfuss, then ﬁf-

Ita! rs o d, disappeared fi-om_her home at Le

‘lie, six miles south of ,Middletow_n, 0.

She was sitting on the lawn when_ last seen by
‘the parents, who have always imagined She Was
aﬁkidnapped by gypsies. _ . _ _

Th other day a man, his wife and six children,
ttwnling by motor, parked near Le Sourds‘ville.
woman, upon loo 'ng about, remarked: This

\ .

generously ‘hot compressed air and steam. which ’

, T ' "W!"-"" - .-

Flaiiiis, AND FORTUNE -WEEKLY» .. 21
CURRENT NEWS

looks familiar to me,” and asked if the Rothfuss
family lived near. Crossing to a dwelling, she
knocked and was greeted by the mother she had
left thirteen years ago.

The man with her is the one she eloped with.
A happy reunion is now in progress.

BROTHER, 3, KILLS BABY

Strychnine pills, used by his father as a heart
medicine, and fed innocently to him by his three‘-
year-old brother Robert, killed si;:teen-months-
old George Ailqr recently.

James Ailor, the father, is a war veteran of

Tulare, S. D. He was gassed and with his wife

and three children has been traveling and camp-
in_ in an endeavor to regain his health. , The
A_i ors have been camping on the Manasquan
River, near Clark's Landing, N. .T., several days,
and Sunday Mr. Ailor had a heart attack. Dr.
Carrigan left the pills, which Mrs. Ailor put in a
pocket of the automobile.

The other day the two children were placed in
the automobile, and Robert, discoverin the pills,
fed nearly all to the baby. He died an our after
reaching the hospital at Spring Lake.

  
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
      
   
       

as no charge.

.... 6‘ H

M30“?

  

Game.” .

O  ' , Boys, READ THIS!

‘MYSTERY MAGAZINE" is a 64-page magazine that contains more and better mystery
Ind detective stories than any other publication on the newsstands. Get a copy of No. 165,
 out today, and read the thrilling feature story

“THE HEART ON THE MIRROR”
' V By ALEXANDER ‘MORRISON
Then there's a. dandy two-part serial by JEAN ROSS, called
“THE GHOSTS OF ALWYN LODGE” .. ‘
. . Radio fans, here is a story that was recently broadcast by WJZ, .
. “TEA FOR’ TWO” c
-' . o By FRANK BLIGHTON .‘
You heard it on your receiver—now read it. Full of excitement! ‘

The Magazine Also Contains These Stories,

I‘. L H’ “The Tale“ the Skeleton T0l( ,” by Glenn C. Gravatt; “Shadowed," by Hugh Thomason;
“Time and the Law,"\ by’ Horatio Vernon Ellis; “The Last Trick," by Carl ~G. Hodges.

YOUR. CHARACTER   READ FREE! .

gjseml a specimen of your writing to Louise Rice. She’s a wizard, and will tell_ your char '
-‘ﬁtter, advise you what business to follow and point out your good and bad qualities. There

THE SHORT ITEMS \

thehmost interesting in this number are “Five Years for andkerchief Game,” “Po-
Get Physical Clue," “Loot Recovered," j‘Gets Threats Through ails” ﬁnd “Robbers Raid

The Biczest Value to; Your Money You Ever Received!
 ,; . aura COPYTODAYI S ‘

.-

 

 

   

‘r

   

A  “I am a bearer of dispatches from the
, 5811 War Oﬁce for General Taylor.”

.__0]-, _
Hustling for War News bywireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XIV.——(Continuedl.

They waved their hats, and to their great sat-
isfaction the ﬂying machine, began to descend.

“We should be in a deuce of a ﬁx if she turned
out to be German.” said Brown. “They have
]Wri5hts for spying purposes as well as the al-
ies.
“That’s what. If that fellow would only run
out a ﬂag.” . .

“We must smoke him out,”- said Brown. "I:ve
got an English flag in my pocket. _Here goes.’

He unfolded’ the ﬂag and waved 1t, whereupon
the second man in the Wright responded to the
signal with the Union Jack. Eagerly the report-

V' \ ers watched the machine descend.

“What are you fellows doing here in the
woods 1”’ shouted the officer who had waved the
ﬂag when he came withinhailingvdistance.

“We want to tell the truth,” declared Brown,
and he called back:

“We are a couple of reporters.” ,.

“Not a word about the wireless end_ of our
job,” he added to Rob. “There’s no telling how
he'd take it.” ~.

“Are you lost?” called the oﬂicer, who wore the
uniform of a British lieutenant.

“Not exactly. There are three more of us.
They went away yesterday in,a ear to forage and
we haven’t seen them since. I  you would
come down, Lieutenant. I have something im-
portant to tell you."'

“Look here,” whispered Bob, ‘‘I didn't tell you
before, but I carry a pass ordering me admitted
with another fellow to General Taylor-‘s presence.
My friend was wounded. I left him in the,hospi-
tal at Antwerp; if you want to pose as him you
may.’ v

“No go. kid. Taylor knows‘ me. I interviewed
him before he left England. Anyway. in deahng
with the English it w1ll_be/safer to be on the
level. See, they are coming down." '

The Wright made its landing at the foot of th
hill, where Rob and Brown were on hand to meet

them. V . .

“I am Lieutenant Totten of the Fifth Corps,”
said the young oﬁlcer. _ “This ismy operator.
What papers do you represent?”

“I'm Brownof the London Times. ‘This young ,

man is Randall of the New York Earth."
“I fancy neither of you are picking up much

i - this trip,” said the lieutenant sarcast_icalIy.' “Poor
»  for war correspondents these days.”

..“That isn't exactly all- our business," reﬁnlfed
8‘

"‘So am 1."  Brown. . , 1
 ye, eh2”\retorted the  .‘fThen

 

.  FORTUNE WEEKLY

I Rob and the Reporters

' /

  

hand them over. I expect to see General Taylor ’
within an hour." A
“My orders are to deliver the papers to General‘ ,3
Taylor in person,” said Rob. “I will show you my '
instructions and pass.” ,
He removed his coat, and, rip ing u the lining’ , 
produced them. P P . x « 
“This is Acertainlv straight goods." said the lieu-
tenant when he had looked them over. “I wx ‘.
take a chance anyway. If you fellows want to go‘, -_‘
with us you may.” , ,5;
He seemed to take it for granted that Brown
was the second’ person mentioned in the pass as
“_an attendant.” ‘

Rob was jubilant, as was Brown. ~ _
No further questions were asked. I A 
The young men went aboard the Wright and
were soon sailing skyward. ,
Brown had been up before, but this was Rob’!
first trip. a.
At first the sensation was not altogether pleas-
ant, but he soon became used to it. .
To look earthward in the fading light and see
everything spread out like a huge map seemed e
truly wonderful, but he made no comments, as his
companions seemed to take it all as a matter
gourse. _ . ,
They were soon hovering over the allied armiel;
they could see the German lines in the distancetn »
the eastward stretching as far as the eye could
r . I

 

 

  
 

 
  
  
   

“Seems to benothing doing,” remarked"Brown.-.,
“They hit it up hard enough yesterday, replid:
the lieutenant; “to-day they are marking tint’
The allies are not wasting the strength of their ,
men the way the Germans have been doing. Hero, :.
take the glass and look of there where I am"
pointing. That's yesterday’s battleﬁeld.” "  «
It made a deep impression on Rob when he got 
his look. . ' _ —
The plain was strewn with the‘ dead. both meﬁ ''
and horses, among which parties of soldiers warp f
moving. I‘
“They are trying to do something in the way ﬂ
burying the dead,” remarked the lieutenant grinn-
ly. “Such is war. There's the Fifth Corps ovuﬁ
there where you see the ﬂag ﬂying.” « _ -‘»
Rob returned the glass in silence. 5 g  .'
, Truth told, he did not know what to say, but in '
felt that he would not have missed all this f
an hing. . ’
here was little furtlfxer conversation.
The Wright made its landing in safety.
Rob and Brown were taken to a tent,
they were ordered to remain until sunun
Lieutenant Totten then took the pass and a _
letter addressed to General Taylor which our * ‘
had been instructed to surrender with it. *
“This is great,” remarked‘ Brown. “It's:
nearest I've come ‘to it yet. I've got the maltingt
of a dozen stories in my‘mind already if I 
get a chance to mail them. If it wasn't for min
ry about the boys I should be perfectly happy;
The lpckiest thing that .ever,happened to me , ‘
when I_ met you, Rob.” 1  gs
They were kept waiting till long after dark?”

(rob.eonanuod.i.\’__ ,_ ~ ”

  
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   

 

    
  
 

   
  

  

   
 

   

    
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
    
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
     
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
     
    
  
  
   
 

    

SPUDS LIKE CUCUMBERS

Scarcity of irrigation water in some of the high

, . "districts around Toppenish, Wash., has had

, queer eﬁect on potatoes. Patches here and there

.,_A ‘yielding -tubers about twice as long as usual
 of a regular thickness, giving them the ap-

 ce of cucumbers.

The formation is caused bﬁ the pulling of root

_ ~ ' . seeking moisture. estaurants and h9-

-will eagerly bid for these spuds, say growers;

they are easily converted into popular French

FF-TAKING NEW FAD ‘OF LONDON
_ ‘ - SMART SET _
q ‘Fashion's newest. feminine fad is snuﬁ-taking.
nists report a falling off in cigarette sales
a’deﬁnite increase in consumption of snuff,
y among feminine customers.=

The recent warning bv leading doctors against
‘g has given impetus to the movement. The
 , r set is enthusiastic in its favor. '
Jewelers are ﬁnding ready sale for daintily
~- snuff boxes. , .

l GRASS!-IOPPERS, AT $1.75 PEh QUART

4‘ 1 . . . .
Hearing of the grasshopper plague in Okana-
I < Wash” and reading in an out of doors maga-
that trout bite eagerly on these insects a
. n - an in Kings Countv mailed $1.75 to County
Sears for a quartof the desired bait.
; sent a boy into the ﬁeld and he returned
half gallon nail full within a half hour.
er; and orchardists,‘ hard hit by the rav-

ot the ‘grasshoppers. are planning to-insert
' ’ 'sements in city papers calling attention to
iency of them for trout lure.’ In this way
' pe to get enough cash to buy poison with

to ‘destroy the destructive pests.
...:..i.__..___._

NIPION FISH CATCHER GUARDS
.- . INDIAN_.SECRET

sfdneeia Hand of Cape May, N. J., broke all
* d.—Iine ﬁshing records on the'Jersey coast while
 invcold Spring Inlet. He caught more
.. . \i,000,pound,s of weakﬁsh. ‘
' ' ,’_’ as he is known locally, received more
$200 for his catch. In addition, he said, he
been offered a large sum of _money by _a news-
’ syndicate to write a series of articles di-
~ his secret of baiting that makes the ﬁsh

his lines while ﬁshermen nearby get nary

explained he couldnot be tempted to sell
which, he said, was told to him by an
' _chief_ye'ars ago. '

   
  
  
  
  
   

  
  
 
 

 

 

 

i !fSOULS” oi-‘H ANIMAIJS

 

 

‘_§F\turaL History, is the author of an
. ., ,'g,@1e,.recentl_y5“apul:‘l' ed in the Paris

 
  
 

 
 

p

_ V FORTUNE WEEKLY
~ odofdii READING

a member of the stall’ of the Paris.

zquee, on the
mama times. At that

 

a knowledge of good and evil, so were often
brought into court for their misdeeds and tried, ‘
or duels were. arranged between them and hu-
man beings. A story is told of a handsome dog
whose master had been found murdered in the
forest. _ The dog insisted upon ﬁercely attacking
a certain man whenever he met him, so that the
latter was suspected of having committed the
murder and sentenced to a duel with the dog. A
club was named as the man's weapon and the dog
was allowed a kennel to take refuge in. The dog
won. -

PEG-LEGG‘ED NEGRO IS A_SSET TO FARM

John Marshall, “peg-legged” negro, who avg.
recently sentenced to the County Farm for vio-
lation of the prohibition law, was a wonderful
asset to the potato. planting operations on the
farm. In fact, he could serve better than a pat-
ented machine planter. .

He_woiild walk along the potato rows, and
each -imprint of the “peg-leg" in the soft earth
would be a hole '-.0 put in the seedling potato, on
the return down the row his foot print would
cover the planted potato and other holes would
be made automatically imthe next row. _

Oﬂicers at the County Farm saw a great reduc.

_ tion of expenses‘ and time in their potato planting.

But it was all a mistake. The negro should have
been sentenced to Jail on account of his affliction,
The error was discovered and he was returned

» from the farm to the County Prison.

. “Mystery Magazine”
Semi-Monthly ’ 15 Cents a Com.

151 A QI'ES'l‘IO.\' or KKICK. hr I-liigene Jone;
158 Till‘ .\lY§'l‘l“.RY OF ROARING ¥V'A'I'Ell8 by

Hnrrv Adler. '
159 THE RIVER PIR.-\'I‘FlS. l~\- ﬂaming“ Q;-11319

mi THE SHADOW or A Noosia. r_ J. k 1;

mi AT 2 A. .\l.. hr l’»==vil:ih imvnm-." “C °°l“l°“‘
162 rm: i.\'1'nio.i'i:n.~z.- by Grew-r Kldwell.

ma Wm Lori: .«_\‘n mar. u,- mmnmn (‘rv‘.lgie_
164 THE '.l‘ALKlNG DOG," by Frank ll1ightnu_

THE HEART ON THE MIRROR
By ALEXANDER MORRISON
out Today in So. 165 _

_ HARRY E. wotrr. Publisher. Inc.
use West 23d Street

. “Moving Picture Stories”
A Weekly iugixino novocoa to rauopian and‘ Phys”
PRICE TEN QENTSPER COPY

Each .mb contain Threeﬂtorien . tlieBeI l-1 . 
on the genteel:-Ele antaﬁalt-tone Seen; from th: flag‘: ,
R

——lntereIttng Artie About Prominent Poo la in
F1lina_—Doiaga of Actor! and _A
and‘ Lessons in Smnario Writing.

 HARRY E. WOLFF,.Puhliahe:;‘ 

     

 

  

 

 

 

 

New York City’ '

emu. 5 .

  
   
 

 wt

  

 

 

  
  

9

Radio energy reaches the _ set through the
ground wire. The coils and wiring also serve as
an antenna and intercept energy. -

'6.

A “C” battery will cause no improvement in an
audio ampliﬁer if the “B” battery voltage is too
low.‘ A “C” battery permits the use of higher
plate voltage, and unless the plate voltage‘ 1,5,
high distortion often results. Take out the ‘ C_
battery or increase the “B” battery voltage until
the signals are again clear.

' ' e ' n to work with’ stem e bat-
ter‘; lfiiilbsgltwilllsbgpeigte with di"y cell tube: with-
out changing the wiring. Some dry cell tubes,
such as the UV-199 and wD-11. require an adap-
ter to fit the standard basetas gsed with itotrtzge
. .  maori y 0 s orage a rv
 a 1:61-hehm iheostat, but the U_V-199
requires 30 ohms. The volume will be slightly
less with dry cell tubes. .

‘ the uestion, Are sets which operate
W‘lgIe()g\latrt‘)I1ln§I1tenI(lla as satisfactory as those which
use an outdoor wire? A set used without an an-
tenna does not get as much energy from the ether
as one which operates with an‘-outdoor wire. Sets
working without an antenna Dick’ up the energy
through the coils, wiring and ground wire. Some
sixland eight tube sets have been designed to
work in connection with a small loop, and they
give signal strength equal to one or two tubes
which operate in connection with ah outdoor wire.
Even an indoor antenna will not produce as loud
volume or cover as great a distance as an out-
door antenna.

 

The more amperes in ’the aerial circuit and
greater the pressure in volts between the aerial
and ground the more powerful will be the waves
set up and ‘the longer the distance over which
they spread. The weather and territory over
which the waves travel are factors to be con-
sidered. Hertzian waves travel farther over
water than over land because there are fewer ob-
jects, such as buildings and trees, to absorb the
energy. Sensitiveiiess of the receiving set is also
important. .

HINTS‘ ,

. Don't try to solder wire to a binding ‘post,

unted on a rubber anel. This can very easily
aodone with a bakelitepanel; but rubber is a
horse of a diﬂerentvcolor.

Don't buy a tube which you know nothing about.
Your set may not have the proper socket or
rheostat to make the tube function correctly.

The Cqué slogan is having its eﬁect upon
broadcastin stations, The programs are getting

and tter. j ’.

 

is was SEENERY road THE RADIO DRAMA

« r ’ " D radi 1' ti d
 t,°‘nmheatiiiogpl)il:i-?an?s‘;)i!:ee¢:i‘iielab!e!ll 
—  , “ﬂu, . y , A is J

    

 

  

FAME AND FORT ,  

INTERESTING RADIO News AND AAHINTWSE  

   

 

has been built for use in the WGY studio. The
board carries a door bell, telephone bell, clock
alarm, tap bells, buzzer and fire alarm bell, to-
gether with the operating pusivbutggns and dry
cells. At the left is a portable r, which is
placed near the microphone and serves to frnish
the sounds of a door being opened and closed.
even to the handling of the keys and fumbling
for the door knob. The microphone is located ,
under the silk shade of what appears to be a floor
lamp, for the sake of the temperament of the
radio players.
- ‘as
Filament control jacks are automatic devices‘ “
which switch the “A” battery current on to the
ﬁlaments when the phones are plugged into the }.-1
jacks. When the plug is in the detector circuit 3
only the detector tube is lighted. When the ﬁr$
audio am liﬁer is plugged in, the detector and
first amp iﬁer light, but not the second audio
ampliﬁer. When the phones are plugged in the
last stage of ampliﬁcation all the tubes light. If
the phone plug is not inserted in any jack no tube
will light, although the rheostats may be turned .
on full. A standard detector and two-stage radio ‘ =
frequency ampliﬁer require two sixes contact ﬁla- 7
merit control jacks used in connection with the
first two tubes and a four-contact jack for tho‘
second ampliﬁer. ' A

    
  
 
 
   
  

Here is the difference between radiation and .
re-radiation. The majority of vacuum tube 1735 .. *
ceiving sets produce high frequency oscillations‘ 
and act as small transmitters. The energy 
out by such sets causes howls in neighboring  _
ceivers and is called radiation. When a passisu -j '
I-Iertzian wave strikes the antenna it causes an;
excitation in the electrical system and the in'l:ea'+.,§_';,,.
cepted energy is re-radiated Signals are n;&‘;;;;x’
necessarily re-radiated from antennae but fail ; 55.
other metallic structures such as guy wires, buﬂd- 
ings, bridges and masts. The re-radiated sigi_ials{_‘,::
may be one different wave length than that of _.
the transmitting station, because the metal body ,; 
from which the re-radiation takes place has a *2?
natural wave length of its own. ,i-“ég

. ..

.-..

 

  
 
   
   
  

 

 

INVENTING THE GRID

The addition of the grid, or thirdelement. in
the vacuum tube came after a long series of at
periments 2% Dr. Lee de Forest, working to im-
prove the ciency of the tube as a detector of
radio waves. In 1907, or three years after the
original investigations he conducted on the _i_n-v
ﬂuence of a’ ﬂame on radio signals, De Forest .,
obtained his patent on the three-element _
This contribution to radio science made the W 
ing valve, a two-element tube developed Inf‘ I v ‘
land, step aside in favo of«the newcomer. ;_ " T

Méadern radio communication ma be 
hav had’ its beginning ‘in 1907 wi the V» ,
of the De*Forest three elemenhtube. 
has made all long-distance ‘work 

   
 

   
    

   

  

    
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
 
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  

radio and ordinary line telephone communica-
‘ It is used bythe telephone companies_in
repeating stations to amplify the feeble sig-
‘ p in the same way as it is used in your set
* make the signals operate a loud-speaker.
iThc little grid. proved to  the Open ‘Se-lame
- the wonders of modern radiobroadcasting, for
i the same type of tube, with the three ele-
. «~. that is used to generate the wave energy
is transmitted, and it is the same tube that
-up the feeble sounds coming from the studio
1 .. phone, amplifying them to tremendous vol-
cm to be hurled into the ether-

—U""”‘ ‘
RADIO “EYES”

.Im'minerable articles have been printed ab ut
beneﬁts of radio to the deaf. the Sick. an _t°
.; who are bedridden, but scant attention
-been paid to the inestimable boon Which the
 of communication is proving to the

fﬁrst thought, one might say, “Well, there
not so many blind people." But unfortunate-
T. ‘ are a great many—rnore than is general-
nulized. In the States of New York alone on
’ 1'1;1z.¢;-e were 8,000 blind persons. The num-
blind in the United States exceeds 100,000.
0 .. ’ l rticularly to the blind be-
it 1:?t§e?h:mp:gain' in direct touch with so
laces of the world's ctivity from which
 has excluded t em. Music, sports,
' plays and public gatherings are among
funny resources of engoyment and education
vli the radio brings to them. It is safe to say
they enjoy and appreciate radio more than
 gg-people because it is a well-known fact
..... a person is deprived ‘of one sense, an-
booomes more acute; the ear of a srghtless
. is nearly always more sensitive than that
i.. gverage individual” V
 man living in a surburb of Boston re-
more of the satisfactory results and the
....:-. he derives from radio. Before he ob-
a set, he said, some member of the family
rs felt it necessary to remain at home ‘W1?!
"during the evening. 1 Otherwise he wou d
been deprived of any recreation, and even
this was limited largely ‘to conversation or
"some one read/ aloud. Now that he has
‘wdio receiver the dreadful monotony IS re-
He is able to amuse himself, and the va-
.‘¢f-‘things’ which he can hear over the radio
andnightly is practically unlimited. The
. o
ﬁhixn, and his whole life has been changed.

’ ‘U

' AVOIDING BODY CAPACITY

you ever had the annoyance tof haviiggoa
mt. whi every time you wen n_ear 1 2

your bﬁd near it, let out a_ terriﬁc howl?
= Fever tuned in a long-distance statioir
" when you took your hand-away._ you
. the station had completely disap-
Do  _l;now.what causes this and how

...

 

 AND‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY,

f the famly are freed of the task of .

‘heady’? or “band, capac- V

 

e 25

ity" and, is caused by the hand of the operator
acting as a huge condenser and thus changing
the capacity of the condenser or other instrument.
Enough change in capacity is made to sometimes
completely detune the incoinin signals, and on
some sets, even walking near by will cause the
capacity to change, thus causing a squeal.

How to overcome this evil in a set which is
already built is not such an easy matter, but on
an outﬁt which is just being built, the various
changes can easily be made.

First and most important of all is to remem-
ber to keep the wire which is connected to the
grid of the detector tube just as far away from
the panel as possible. It is this wire or the in-
struments whic are connected to it which really
cause all the trouble. If you don't believe this
place your hand near the grid lead and condenser
when the set is in operation. If the set is work-
ing properly, it will promptly start in to howl at
a terriﬁc rate. The band should not actually
touch the instrument. The same thing Lappens
with the variable condenser or variomﬁer which
may happen to be in the grid circuit. ,

The socket should be mounted and the grid and
condenser should be placed on the back of this

_ instrument. Even the condenser should be placed

sideways to the panel so that there is not a pos-
sibility of hand capacity. In other Words, the
capacity is kept at the minimum. This should
be done with every set you’ ever make up.

Now, usually, the wire from the other side of

grid condenser is connected to a variable con—
denser. although sometimes it is a variometer.

If you connect a grid wire to the rotary plates.
you will ﬁnd that the whole shaft becomes sensi-
tive to the touch and the fact that knob is on
the end of it will have practically no eﬂ‘ect at all.
By connecting the grid wire torthe stationary
plates there is no danger of this and your hand
capacity will be reduced considerably.

There are some variable condensers which are
made up in such a way that it is impossible to
reduce the capacity to nothing, no matter what
we do, but usually the imposition of a shield be-
tween the condenser and the"panel. will cut this
bad eﬂect even further.

The shield, though, is not always an easy mat-

ter to install properly. and extreme care should ‘

be used if one has to be resorted to.

It is absolutely essential that the shield does not
touch any metal of any of the instruments.

Read that over two or three times to make sure * at 0 )

that you_ remember it. More sets have been made
Imperative by improperlly adjusted shields than
for any other reason. '
the holes considerably too large than to have them
so small that the metal parts of the condensers
are a t to touch ’ch_em.~ The two shields are con-
necte together with another piece of foil and
then to the ground binding post of the set. The
shield will not be of mud: use unless it is»
grounded. I
If the grid condenser is placcdmn the back of
the detector socket, the variable condensers prop-
erly connected in place and the shielding is also
resorted’ to, the set cannot ssibly change its
capacity by the neamess of e operator’: hand."
Garcon the construction and wiring of the set.

I: is far better to have ‘

will‘ make the shielding unnecessary. * ~ T 3 '» 

 

 

  

 

 
         
       
      
      
   
 
  

    

Fame and Fortune Weekly
‘NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 19, 1924

ri-:i”zMs T0 SUBSCRIBERS

 

 

 

single Copies ................ “Postage Free Boentl
One Copy Three Months . . . . .. " " 81.00
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. " “ 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .. " “ 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. 85.00.

HOW TO SEND hl0NEY—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check or ‘Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at ‘your risk. We awe t Postage
‘ « Stani s the same as css . When sending s iver Wrap
>5 » the oln in a svspante piece or paper to avoid cuitlna

‘ the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.

HARRY E. WOLFF, }Hll'1'y E. Wolﬂ. Pres.

 

Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. Sec.
166 W. 23d St. N. Y. L. F. Wilzlii. Treu.

FROM ALL POINTS +

DISARMS AND KILLS BANDIT

Remembering a trick taught him by British 013‘
cers in the war, Robert J. Blake, Syracuse,  Y.,
formerly a trainer of race horses for Bud Ij‘isher,
disarined a bandit who attempted to hold him up,
and killed him with his own weapon. Blake then
told the police. He was walking along the_ street
when the bandit stuck a revolver. against his rihs.

“I grabbed it with both hands, ave it a twist
and gained possession of it,” Bla e said.’ “The
bandit started to run and I followed, ﬁring. Af-4
"tar five shots he fell dead.” -

U
- - DOGS T00 DQCILE FOR LONDON
No longer coritgnt with the wolf-like Alsatian
or the ug-nosed eke as a pet, the sqcity women
‘ of Lon on are taking to the wilder or anway less
tame-looking animal as a companion for the daily
' . constitutional. . _
On Sunday mornings in the parkseveral curi-
ous-looking pets appeared lately. One woman has
 caused some commotion by being accompanied by
a small cheetah, and several tame foxes, chieﬂy
/of the silver variety.
2;. , 5 . A leinur, a-monkey, a gray-hued parrot and a
"‘i.r’7 3 ‘tree bear, a quaint little animal“ whose natural
"  ' home is out on the west coast of Africa, are some
other freak pets.’ Several Londoners keep snakes
 as pets, but these have yet to be seen being taken
. .£or.an airing in the park.

   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
      
        

 

 

V 3-z,véo,ooo DREAM NETSBOY $30,000
I . ‘Grecorio Carmichael, who came to America last

.D3¢¢11|l)¢!' to claim a fortune of $7,000,000, sa_il_ed
wiﬁom Victoria, B. C., for his home in the Philip-
gpines in, steerage recently, his dream of wealth
‘shattered. Instead of $'1,000000 he took some
=.  secured by a friendly settlement with
 from whom he was claiming a fortune.
0  to friends of the boy’s mother, who
nrrqin nied him, a settlement was made with

 the barren farmlands near ,Newkirk,
$33., leitfhy Bengal Carmichael, a former bier-
” “rugldigr ' 

     
     
        

   

  
  

   

FAME AND FGRTUNE WEEKLY
. witnesses brought to the United States in Gre-

,under which Grecorio was awarded $30,000 was
_ arranged. '

‘estate, in the province of Pamango, where the lad

1 married next month.

Jetit, an aiint of the young heir, who

 

yielding 12,090 barrels of petroleum   
settlement was reached after the seven lllﬂlllov .

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
  

corio’s interest grew tired of waiting for  1 V‘
action and longed to return home. As the entire
suit depended upon their testimony the settlement

The boy was found by J. E. Curran, an at-
torney of Newkirk, representing the Carinicliajd

herded pigs. Dougal Carmichael, the boy's father: '1,
died in Manila while on his way to visit hi .
home in Oklahoma years ago. ‘»His body was sen ‘ ‘ '.
to the United States for bi_ir'al,‘ and his daughter” 
Dorothy, who, had accoin ied him, continued . =‘
her journey, where she lived with her aunt.‘ The‘ _
existence of the boy, Grecorio. was forgotten une‘
til the farm lands began to yield oil, when 1})

sea'rch for him was commenced.

 

LAUGHS 0- 

Hilda——So you made up your quarrel with Tom!‘ 0
Doris—Yes, but only temporarily. We're getting

Old Lady—-—I hope you don't sell papers mi:
Sunday. Small Newsboy (sadly)-No'm; I aim‘:-
big enuf to carry the Sunday ’ditions yet. ’

Parson (about to leave the village)--—Never '
mind, Mr. Giibbins. you'll get a’ better man when
I've left. Rustic-—Ah. s ! Oi down’t know about
that; the last pai-son salld the same when he left,

 

4 :
In

“Do you feel safer since you put un lizhti;ingi"‘»?:i$

'5
“I at least know they'll keep any more an-eiits 
from comin’ around to sell"em." , _ — =,

rods? - “Kind of,” answered Farmer rntossel.

 

       
   
     
    

“Is Mrs. Gaussip a friend of yours?’ '““
she's a friend of my wife.” “Isn't that the  E‘
thgngn?" “Not at all. She feelsvery sorry form:
wi e. _ r‘

A colored woman consulted the villa wyar.‘
“Ah want to divo’ce mah husbandfgghle‘ said."
“What’s the trouble?” asked the lawpr.
nigger’s done gone an’ got converted to‘
and we ain’t seen a chicken on de
weeks.”

       
 
   
 
    

    
 

She: “Why is’ it that they alwa s A ~'
ships as ‘she’? Is it because they age ‘r
tiful and glide al_oniz_so_gracefully'!" “He; .
its lgvecause their _nirzinz_ costs so much * —
th_eres so litt'le'to it and its only to 
wind anyway. ~ /A H - - *

 

. 4
4- “F S

     
 
  
  

Therelwasl a"  in Texas who wentete "
revival meeting and was pressed to repent. 7 0
‘wavered for a time, but ﬁnally arose and

  
  
  

“‘~F'riends, I want to repent and tell how " ' *

     
       
   
   

have been. but I.dasn’t do it’when the G p - - ~
is in session.’ “The Lord will f ‘u,-~ '
vivalist "shouted." “Probably He ’  i
tlitsinneri “but H§.ﬁll'lv:0I 

 
  
  

 K

  
 
 
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
    
   
    
   
     
    
   
    
  
  
    
 
   
  
    
   
   
 
   
 

1

. “River IN NOSE CAUSED ILLNESS
“After physicians had treated the four—year-old

«daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Lusby_, of Hig-
'r Mo.,.for catarplione year, it was discovered
child had a large copper rivet in her nose. The
 was removed and the child’s “catarrhal"
dition is rapily disappearing. ~

; FISHERMEN PUZZLED
‘Fishermen of West Plains, Mo., have  puz-
" e at the different varieties of ﬁsh which have
found in various ponds in that vicinity. In
pond a ﬁsherman recently caught several
~ ’go1dfish..when no one had any Idea‘ that
 - were anyﬁsh in the pond. _In’ another pond
.. . and bass were found, while still another
.  ‘in the same vicini was ﬁlled with crappie.
~ '. -. te Game and ish Department has ex-
’ -.. e’ unusual condition by asserting that
. ducks and geese are responsible for it. They
- ’ that the wild birds frequently drop onto
.. ..; .. : wherethe ﬁsh have laid their spawn, and
‘g1-{sing the ﬁsh eggs cling to their legs and
. These are dropped in the next pond onto‘

  

" they alight.
2 I -

 

HUNT FOR.APES KEEN
IA dozen victims of man’s egoism have just ar-

orin of chimpenzees and a couple of baboons
‘ - ..- in French Guinea. Four male chiman-
" which are live feet tall, are destined for
: laboratories, while the others are doomed
_ p‘ ts fat  Pasteur»In:ti11:1ute. -
ture o c un nzees an e commerce
%mig now ‘strictl paregulated in this French
y, as there was anger of making them_ ex-
. when bands of hunters came and killed
.. .100 yearly. They used to surround the an-
via the brush, beat them with clubs and
.. at them. with the result that the cap-
animals invariably succumbed to wounds.
.. can be hunted now only for scien-
.  under oﬁicial permits and by
' . of nets similar to those  W 3_5he|'m°n-
‘ : mute; cord and with heavier _weights.

—¥-EN?‘

.\§

    
  
   
    
  
  
  
  

 

Requests for buffaloes are, pouring into the
‘ . De rtment so fast that if all applica-
gwui bg ted there would be nothing
of the her of nearly 800 in Yellowstone-
« Park.- .' ' ~
 applications follow announcement that
‘ oi the animals will be given awa because
. ' had outgro'wn its pasture. oine c_hil-
ed for “little ones for ts." A‘Sterling_,
ordered’ two carloa s. Another_appli-
\t g couple “gentle enough to hitch to
"ya-d,” A Geoigzian wanted one for a
pitosentcfor his iighter. . . -
_ .. .. P1-ess,’w>hic_h sent the announce-
Cb‘§€O§8‘l!y,,1‘00G1VOd'_8‘ letter fr0}3‘|.l

  

  

       
   
   
   

   
 
  

,. ‘FdlliIli‘..  FORTUI~.IE"WE’EKLYd
BRIEF BUT POINTED
Q T

 

‘ .« .in'Bordeaux from French West Africa in_

 

/

 

giVing away. What and how old ones do you
send?”

Distribution will begin next month. Prefer-
ence will be given to municipal zoos,4maiiy oi’
which have applied for a few animals to start
herds‘.

G

A NOVEL CHURCH

With a twelve-year-old boy preacher, a thir-
teen-year-old girl organist and a choir and corps
of ushers ranging in age from eight to twelve-
years, twenty-ﬁve children without any assistance
from adults are running the Episcopal Church at
Dillman: Mich. ,

The church has been without a rector since last
December. The children have been attending
churches of other denomination, but when Lem.
began they decided to conduct Lenton services
of their own in their own church.

.Adult_ members of the congregation gave their
permission and now pulled by children's hands
the church bell tolls ‘regularly every Sunday and
Wednesday evenings calling the children to re-
ligious services.

Few adults have attended the services and the
children are in complete control. Donald Lake,
an eighth grade boy of twelve years, leads’ the
services. Miss Azile Richorn, thirteen, is organ-
ist.

The Sunday school in the church is now con-
ducted regular! by two uthful teachers, Isobel
McNichol, tw ve, and lizabeth /Richorn, six-
teen. ‘ 1

 

$2,000 IN FINERY FOUND IN TRUNK LEFT C’ .a 
, ON STREET . 

About 9 o'clock the other morning a taxicab
drove u in front ‘of the apartment house at 149
East Eighty-ﬁrst street, New York City. The
driver got out and carried ‘from the cab a trunk, 
two hat box¢s,‘a handbag and a portable sewi . 
machine. These ‘articles’ he carefully ranggd ' _
along the side of the building. Then he got
his taxi and drove off.

At 4 o'clock in the afternoon Policeman Sulli~ 
vein of the East Sixty-seventh street station no- 
ticed the array in front of the apartment house. A -
Two or three times he passed the spot and, ﬁnd-"
mg the articles still there, he became curious. V
No one in the house claimed ownership and the
superintendent of the building said he did not‘
know why they had been lgft _in front of the
house. Policeman Sullivan sent for the p’ati-ol
wagon. Some time during the afternoon the two
hat. boxes and the handbagdisappeared.

_ When the trunk was opened at the police sta-
tion it was found to contain several silk garments, &
embroidery and lace, all apparently new.,- In a.
jewel box was a string of pearls. The policeceti-
mate of the value ‘of the contents of the trunk". .
was $2,000, but they  not try to value C
pearls, which maIy_be  ;. W

'l‘wo_Prudentia insurance reeei bookawesr
found the gnome»-of Bertha _ _A
were  = l o T '

into

 
   
  
   

   
 
 
  

    
   
  
  
   
    
 

   

      

 
 
 
 

  

onoxia

  

   
 
  

_ITEMS._‘0F

RATS LAT CAT ‘CAUGHT IN TRAP

When a mercantile concern at Ayden, N.‘ C., de-
clared war on rats the rodents drew first blood.
Traps were ‘scattered through the store. The
prize cat of the neighborhood was locked in the
place over night to augment the traps. The cat
made a misstep ’d was caught in a trap. Rats
ate the cat-—all except the skelton.

NORTH PACIFIC FOGS THWART WHALERS
Continued dense fogs in the North Paciﬁc
Ocean may seriously affect and cut down this
year’s whale harvest, declare cod ﬁshers return-

in%to Anacortes, Wash.
7 or weeks the open water in Bering Sea and
5 ' V Bering Straits opening into the Arctic, whaling
‘ ounds has been covered with a‘ pall of black
~ 5. , which lifts only occasionally to give the hun—
.: ters a sight of the leviathans blowing off on the

FAME3A1ii_n :FORTU~NE. WEEKLY A.

in the proper season.

.‘ Av,-

 

LNTEREST
each family, fenced in, and a small table in 

enclosure strikingly like some of the tables at the
ice cream and drink dispensaries along the high-

wa . - .
_ an some of the tables full ‘grown foxes are sit-y. ’
ting or lying, while young foxes play aboutkbe.‘
low, for all the world hke kittens. Women and 
girl visitors go into raptures over these .“cute” ‘
little snappy-eyed fellows and would like to bear ‘ "
them off, as they would newly_-hatched chickens at
Eas‘t;rtide, probably to languish and die.

“ hat is the table for?” The kee r sa .
food for the mother fog: is put upon to pi?eSvet:Zv— 
the cubs from getting it away from her. At this_ 
season the foxes are shedding their hair and pi-e- ; -
sent a -very ragged appearance, so much so that 1 
the summer girl who has called, perhaps to pick ,
out a_ fox for her next neckpiece, leaves with a 
poor idea of the rich garment the ammﬁwill don  ~.

*»

 

r

horizon.
_ According to the oﬁicial whale dope this would
K have been an exceptional year for the slaughter
, . of the mammoth ‘creatures and with an ascend- I

. ring market for the whale products a big return
‘ ' was expected. Early reports from many points
alon the ‘North Alaskan coast told of the un-
usual number of migrating whales. ‘

In addition to hunting whales many schooners
have entered the northern waters in search of
walrus tasks and in this quest the fog also will
play havoc. Unless‘ improved weather conditions
ensue in the next four weeks the summer's ad-
ventue will be upset because an early Arctic win-
ter is predicted for 1924-1925.

  
 
  
   

‘I.

TAME FOXES ON ADIRONDACK TRAILS -

 Lake Placid, once a’ lovely jewel in the almost
2 . inaccessible heart of the mountains, has fairly
V lost its identity to its namesake, the little city-
like resort, with its broad, paved main street
lined with parked automobiles; its traﬂic police,
town hall,‘ shops of all kinds, clubs, hotels and
lodging houses. Along its thoroughfares and in
1‘ ' its passinginotor cars you see the same types
‘ i >7’ that on meet on upper Broadway or Fifth ave-
 iiu‘e,, ew York City, on the Atlantic City Board-
_ walk, at Palm Beach or Miami. The groups of
‘ ~§olf-players might be duplicated any day _on the
5 ’estchester or New Jersey links, or even in Van
Cortlandt Park. "
‘_ *~ “But near Wilmington Notch there is a farm
where black-and silver and cross foxes are raised
and wayfarers who pause in their journey may
see ‘these wild creatures ‘becoming tamed and .
reared in a way not unlike pigs. An enclosure of
7 anacre or two in extent has been surrounded by
« Va‘ high wire fence, which has been carried down
three feet into the ground to counteract attempts
to burrow out, and -this enclosure, in what looks
‘ ‘a: curious. eﬁort to teach wild animals the
or civilization, has been laid out into streets
“ , and little .bungalow_ “hm-rows"

 

  

’ LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE .
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN rrs
‘ ACTIONS! _
_ _ It consists of a handsome parallel »
iron frame on which the little yellow 1 

lrélgn accurately performs like an ath-

   
  
   
   
  
    
   
   
  
   
  

' Five Dilferent Stunts -

TliE_ l"LYll\'G TRAPEZE — Release the ‘
trigger-pin and the ngure swinzl ton.
ward. xnppmc thy brass_ trapeze-bar.‘
turns a somersault in the air and
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LO0P—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, makes‘ '
a turn and. catching by his heels, swing, . '
head downward from a bar. ‘ ' '

'l‘HE_ GIANT SWING — He goes £0
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches . ;
a horizontal-bar with his heels, maka. ‘
two ‘swift sqmersaults in the air anaii
catches by his heels again.

He performs two more horizonta1;1,u
acts with the grace and agility of in (:il- v.
cus titjar, andmany new ones can hp in.
.ven .

The Most Wonderful Toy in
'the World!
P R I C E $_1 . o_ o

The collapsible stand and thelittle 
-kin are neatly packed in a Handsome 
Delivered anywhere in the United State; gg;
..‘receiptg'of price. Address x
’ wows NOVELTY 00.. V

 
     

  
     
    

  
    

j,r_f

i.

    
 

/'
ir

      
  

    

 
   
     
     
 
 

      
     

 

 

' '. isoiw.i_2ni st.‘ New Yolfkﬁity, ii A

 ‘for the;,f $85.,‘ a hit offyard, tor’

   
   

 

  
 
 

  

 

 

 

t

 

:*‘_

fr’:

 

;:Z

E

  



 
   

329

3""

 

5:‘

ti?

   

‘_ _ fore

'1 send»

r-sn FALL
DEAD ON SHIP

A statement
that several ﬂy-
ing ﬁsh were cap-
t u r ii e d m a n y
miles from land
was reported by
Captain Morgan
of the British
steamship York
Castle, w h i c h
docked at the Gi-
rard Point Piers,
Philadelphia, Pa.,
recently f r o m
Beira, East Af-
rica. When the
vessel was in the
Atlantic below
the e q u a t o r ,
many miles from

land, he said, a’

school of fish ﬂew
over the vessel
and many struck
"the masts and
a ped ‘2"“3f.;
0
do? and were
killed by the fall
and gathered up
by the bushel.
The supply of
salt meat was
tﬁtting low on the
‘ship and the un-
locked-for God-
of fish,
which were larg-
er than this spe-

cies found in
northern lati-
tudes, was

enough to furnish
meals for the
crew‘ for several
days.

Two w a t e r -
spouts, he said,
for a time threat-

p_' ened destruction

to the vessel
When s e v e n t y
miles south of
Cape Verde Is-
lands. One passed
near the bow of
the vessel and
was in sight sev-
eral hours.

The York Cas-
tls brought a car-
co of ore from
African miles,

' A ; one of the largest

Shipments of the
kind ever landed
(here. -The weath-

-or . throughout

 fair. the
 said.

 

‘.'I§..~‘o K ,.

LITTLE ADS

Write to Riker 8 King, Advertising Oﬁces. 1133 Broadway, New York City. or
29 East Madison Street, Chicago, for particular: about advertising is this wlagasise.

AGENTS WANTED
AGENTS WAITED—Bix Honey and Fast Sales. Every
ewnstubuys Gold initials for his auto. You charge
31.50; make 81.35. Ten‘orders tiaily easy. Writs for

psrtiaiiars and tree samples. American Monogram Co..,

Dept. ill. but Orange,‘ N. J.
AﬂEIT8—sotnothin¢ .\'ew—fsst@ sellers and quickest
rwostsrs on earth. Permanent, easy. proﬁtable busi-
nen. Good for 842 to $58 a week. Address. American
Products Co.. 1653 American Blds.. Cincinnati, Ohio.
111 prove to you ‘that you can make 396 a week tak-
in orders tor Jenninn Guaranteed Hosiery. I furnish
complete equipment and oﬂer you an Essex Coach with-
out cast. ‘write now.‘ Jennings lug. Co.. Dept. L-21.
luyton. Ohio.

HELP WANTED

IE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity for man and women
for asset ijauon in your district. V\'rilo L‘. T.
Ludwig, §2i eitavor Bld¢.. Kansas City. Mo.
EARN IUIIEV WEEKLY. spare time. home addresains.
mailing. hiusic circulars. send lot: for music.
Informatics. New 1-‘Jiglsnd Music Co.. 234 Capen,
Dept 0-IQ Hartford. Conn.

EAII slit! to $250 monthly. expenses mm In Railway
‘frame inqaaor. Position go after '
tion of 3 month! home study course or m0nC,’T«un\‘.<l.
lacelierit mrtunlti . Write for Free Booklet. CM-

ni stand. siness Training inst.. Buffalo. N. Y.

DETECTIVE! NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel. experience unnecessary. Writs Goats 3.

Warner. former Govt. Detective. 1968 Broadway. .\'. Y.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED
STORIES. POEIB. PLAY8.ete.. are wanted for publi-
cation. Submit uss. or write Literary Bureau. 515
Hannibal. Mo.

PERSONAL

IAIIIY IF LONELY: Home laser: hundreds rich:
mniiticntisl; reliable; years experience: ‘
free. The Successful Clu Box ﬁt. Oakland. Calii.
GET A SVEETMEAIIT. Exchangwlettsrs. Write no
stamp. Violet Bay. nisou. Ohio.
HUNDRED! so.-oalus marriage. it sincere enclose stamp.
Ira. F. Willard. 2918 Broadway, Chicago. Illinois.
IF LDIESOIE sxclunn jolly letters with beautiful
ladies and wealthy ssntlemso. Eva ﬂoors. Boa ON.
Fla (Stamp).

Luigi‘ VHOOEG HERE! PrineOIs)“(‘.l|"£ldldworld Cﬂhttzllt
names. at oti s today. ’ ay. Bend
blrthrdale and l0c.'K. Okie. Box 2”. lldl. Sq. BIL

New York. N. T.

LONELY HEARTS. join our club, we have

ll companion for you, many worth from
33.000 to $50,000. most successful home
maker. descri tlon and photos free. Stand-
ard Corr. Clu . Graysls e, ill.

 

FEMALE HELP WANTED

WA.\"i'i.-:D—‘—Ladit-it to einhrolder linens for

us in home during their leisure nionients.
Write at once. Fashion Enibroldories, 1585,
Lima, \0lilo.

EARN MONEY at home during spare time

painting lzliiip shades, illow tops for us.
No ciinvslssliig. Easy an interesting work.
Experience uiinecessary. Nlleart Company,
2351. Ft. Wayne, Indiana.

      

maksf"bs ntnbcs in the

I is A. I is B

Ioell three words

Dewy Pr-has

Get Y°|llé.I"IIfI of_tbas-

prises. ides tha Ford

 to h
lawns-h Prison  ra:omtf(.‘ts’os"' lard votes and full
t.:..'°.:‘=*.'::.:'.::".'.«-9  ‘.‘:"'e°;.a-.-H

PERSONAL-Continued

LONELY HEARTS. Join our club. be happy. corre-
Ipondents everywhere. many descriptions. photos nu,
either sex, rnoat meceastul me . 23 years‘ ensuri-
encs. standard (for. Club. Grayslsks. ill.
IAIIIAGE PAPEI—:0th year. Biz issue with deactiv-
tlons. photos. names and addresses. 25 cans. No
other fee. hen! sealed. Box - , Hus,
IA_lIIIV—Parti<'ulsrs tor stamp. F. Xomson. kl-3051
\\ "Did!!! Street. Seattle, Wash,
IA'"3V'-FM! Dhowtrsphs. directory and descriptions
0' Velllhy me_mbers. Pay when married. New Plan
90-. llfbl. 35. kansas City. Mo.
lARRY—IARRlAGE DIRECTORY
descriptions tree. _Psy when inarri
Dept. 545. Kansas City. hlo.

with photos and
ad. The Exchange.

_IARI¥-—Writo [or big new directory with photos and

descriptions. I-‘res.
Kan.-as (‘ity. Mo.

SWEETMEAIITU Currsspmdncs (‘|uh. stamped en-
velope-ior sealed proposal. Lillian Svroui. Station

F. Vleveland. Ohio. _

PRETTY CIIILIE 1!. worth $50.00!). will marry.
League Box 55. Oxford. Pia.

$10,000 goes with lady to honest husband.
39, Oxloni. Fla.

BEAUTIFUL. WEALTNV
Daughter, will marry. Box Sll.

YOUNG. altraruvs lady worth 83
marry. Eva. B-10:2. Wichita. Kansas. ,

LADY with {arm and money. will marry. ii.. Box I“,

1-. Denver Colo.

PII Y GIILIE ID. worth 525.000.
League, Box 35. Ox! . Fla.

VIIDOW with farm and money. will marry. 11.. Box

__8_M. Leasuo. Denver. Colo.

850.000 cool with lady to honest husband. Club. Box
3!. Oxford. Fla.

SONGWRITERS

rosin vlatrrzo-son your sow;-verses for cash. sus-
tait In. at once or write New In lusie Co.. 140.

st. Louis, Ho.

VIITE THE WORDS roe A SOIG-—We compose
music. Buhuityourpoosnstsusatonce. NowYork

Ialody I‘ “ J. I-tans: Bldt. New York.

TOBACCO HABIT
TOIACCO or soul Eahit and or no pay. $1.00 it
aired. ilsmsdylntoutriai. SI‘Iv0l'baC0..PC..
Baltimore Id.

National Anna. Dept. A.

Club. Box

LITTLE GIIL—l'armsra
Huntsville. Ala.

0.000. Lonely. will

win marry.

 

ASTHMA.%:%.'??”ri:?-2-"f-it

Cahsiylelsws

Trades Model No.
x 28 corrects now all
a_ ill shaped noses
-quickly. painlessly.
permanently. and
comfortably at
home. itisthe only
safe and guaran-
Med Dltent device
that will actually
Rive you a perfect
1003101! nose. Over
S'I.tl00 satisfied
-\I users. For years
recommended by physicians. 16 years or
experience in manufacturing Nose Shspers
is at your service. odel 25 junior for
children

Write for free booklet, which tells you
how to obtain a perfect looking nose.

H. TBILITY. SPECIALIST

  

‘ best. seat: iiingiuunton. it. y,

  

  WANTED-

  for mu1°der ! 

$1,000 Row

In a dirty, forlorn shack by the river's edge they found the mutilated body of Genevieve Martin. Her pretty face was
swollen and distorted. Marks on the slender throat showed that the girl had been brutally choked to death. Who had

committed this ghastly crime? No one had seen the girl and her assailant enter the cottage.

deter depart. How could he be brought to justice?

No one had seen the mur-

Crimes likethis have been solved-are being solved every day by Finger Print _F,xperts. Every day we read in the
apers of their exploits. hear of the m1.;teries.they solve, the criminals they identity, the towards they win. Finger
nnt Experts are always in the thick of the excitement. the heroes of the hour.

Not Experienced Detectives
Just Ordinary men

Within the past few years. scores of men, men with no
police experience. men with just ordinary grade school
educationskhave become Finger Print Experts. You can
become a inger Print Expert. too. Can you imagine a
more fascinating line of work than this? More trained
men are needed. Here is a real opportunity for you.

Course in

Secret Service

For a limited time, we are making a gipecial offer of a
PROFESSIONAL FINGER PRINT OU FIT absolutely
inc and F EE Course in Secret Service Intelligence.
Mastery of these two kindred professions will open
I brilliant career for you. _ ,

This coupon will bring you FREE BOOK and details of
of thin eat offer. Don t wait until the offer has expired.
Fill in e coupon now. Mail it today.

University of Applied Science
Dept. 90.96. 1920 Snnnyside Ave.. Chicago. Ill.

Learn the Secrets of Identification

_ More and more the detection of crime resolves itself’
into as problem of identiﬁcation. You can learn the math
ads of famous identiﬁcation experts. You can learn the
science of finger print identilication—riglit at home in
your spare time.

Send for the free book which tells how famous Finger
Print Experts got their start in this fascinating work.
Tells the stories of thirteen actual cases solved by Finger
Print Experts. Tells how you can become a F ingcr Print
Expert in an amazingly short time.

FREE

E University of Applied Science, Dept. 90-96
1920 Sunnvoidc Avenue. Chicago. Illinois

Please send me full information on our course in
. Finger Print Identiﬁcation and about as Course in
Secret Service Intelligence. I understand that there is no
obligation of any sort.

nu--u nutrition

"2
in
B
0

Street Address --
 City and State

ard

   

/

 

  

 

 

  
   
  
  
 

»' Guaranteed -Time Keep-
«  or. Given for selling only
» ' so card: or Dreu Snsp-F'u-
toner: at 100 per curd. Eull
Sold. EARN BIG MON!
OR PREMIIYMS. Order you:
w . (‘lrds T0-DAY. Send no mnnsy.
" “'9 trust you till good: ere sold.
~ &MlL'IllCAN SPECIALTY C0.
Box I 1 Z hunter, P5.

palm-ed toyunn-cc
for 3 this trial an approval. Your

choice or 44 tyne. colon And Illa of
tbeunou I orhloyeiu. Inna pre-

    

    

 

U. 5. Railway Mall

Clerks Needed!

Big opportunity. Salaries $1600
to $2300 a year. Short hours.
Liberal vacations. Steady work.
A chance to travel and see the
‘country. Examinations not diﬂi-

cult. Common school education all . .

you need as groundwork.

.Dlnll coupon to-day for 4841359
FREE CIVIL SERVICE BOOKLET

1N'l'linNA'|'i0.N'AL Connlzsroxnssci-1 SCHOOLS
Box -H94-C. Scranton. Penna.

Without can or obiinuon. menu and no '

‘ . 1 my of your 48-pan CXVIL SEllVlCll
~ nooxnrr, which all: how I can ocean I
I position with the U. 8. Guvexninnnt. '

 

 

 

A ew (gatalgé

 

     

u-gnu’-at-pup.

ltluntrgmn §..'.
Murine-¢—:_nr Ibovn hm .
:3-...-*~ -:'..‘:.'--.a'°"-'=.§-..

use 0-Au"! ' "

ll’ $03 In Che
_ 8I¢hocQeIIt«.8&'nnchoo
Cor-us 1ou.uu.u-A Iv-ru-1:...

ALL
“,8 FREE
Gold-p l I t e d
Lavalllere. 3
Spa r k L! n 2
S t o n e s, and
C li a l 11,, Gold-
plnted Nether-
nole Bracelet.
Bluebird Enamel
B r o o c ii, pair
Lingerie Clasps
all free for sell-
ing 30 pkgs. Chewing Gum at 5c I pkg.
VVrlte

BLl'l.\'E MFG. CO.
150 Mill St. Concord Jet. Mall.

..a¢,;'.;:I»-°;°)“,‘;’,‘,_oi¢ni:ns|

FREE

I! .
nuavhlba Ink

' PW]
. .'l'nJ'

- Kl.‘-;Ei'.‘....'.'3.?.'.'.l""‘.“.'
Leer‘ Prvi Gold oath‘.
, I ~ E.-:3. °i°:i.S*a“'-.‘.':in
/4‘ \ Pollcegd n ﬁngouec

_ ’ whim-. finial mi-c‘
(i l or! « . '- '
--2.31’. :§"r'!.°;’»1 ‘s':"i'..'3"u" " 's.“§.'.€.’.'.'u':fi‘.' l§u'£’if."d'..'.‘~"
I‘-e:rY._ i'h-meal’ Ink. and 5 red: at new . ui’ mg‘
I Wu‘ iinl'.'4pIckuIuPvr1n¢nodSIebet -zine each . udgn non",

naps use. can nope. «I: Arrungno.

mwns u _ _

      
 
   
  
    

  

Pmteot yourlelf aninll
hold-up. rowdies. etc. with
(his clever cizaretie cue
oi light weight metal. Looks
encily like the realihlngr Pull
the trigger. buck men the lid

allowing your cl xreiies. Lots

   

_ Mailing 139::
I
R

urn Egon i..m._.. ..i..
083-6

    

for

   
 
 

 WK Wait 28!! Street

 

   

   

--—- LATEST ISSUES -—-
941 Lucky Lee the Once Boy; or, The Nervicst Lad in 1
New York _ '

948 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young easenger.
'.!-49 Pushing it Through; or. The Fate of a cky Day.
1:50 A Born gpeculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

051 Th 115' to Success: or.-The Boy Who Got 'l"-ere.

9'52 Stru-‘k Oil; or. The Boy Who Made a Million.

5953 A Golden Risk; or. The Young Miners of Della
Cruz.

1054 A Sure Winner; or. The Boy Who\Vent out with :1
Circus.

For eole by all newsdealerl. or will be sent to any ad-
dress osLreceipt or price, 1c. per copy. in money or pos-
tage stumps. - ~ _

THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

955 Golden Fleece; or. The Bo Brokers of Wall Street.
‘J56 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. ' c Boy Treasure Hunters
of Cocoa island.
967 Adrift On the World: or, Working His Way to For-
une.
5-58 Playing to Win: or, The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street
'59 Tuners: or. :1 Boy From the Slums. _
960 A wan: Monte Cristo; or. The Richest Boy in the
or

Won by Pluck: or, The Boys Who Ran s Railroad.
“ Be-atimz the Brokers: or, The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done.

A Rolling Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

Nevgelrl Say, Die; or. The Young Surveyor of Happ!

a ey. ' ~

Boss oi‘ the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street.

The‘ Chance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of
Crytal Lake. ', .
striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-

Ogtnfor Business: or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune: or, Striking it B ch in Wall

t.
Through ghick and Thin; or. The Adventures of I
o

Smart . ,
Doing Bis el Best: or. Working Hia'Way Up.
Always on Deck: or. The Boy Who Made His
sr . -
A hunt or! Money: or, The Young Wall-Street
Broker. _
. The Ladder of Fame; or. From Oﬂlce Bov to
Senator.
On the ﬂqu-Ire: or. The Success of an Honest Boy.
After a Fortune: or, 'HIe Pluckiest Boy in the West.
Winninn the dollars; or .The Young Wonder of
Wall street.
Making His Mark: or. The Boy Who Became

;;...k...°. ‘Million; or. The Boy Who Was Born
r 9 .

141:9 ii. the Andes: or. The Treasures of the Buried
' V

Cit. .

On Kin Mettle: or. A Plucky Boy in Wall Street.

A Lucky Chance: or, Taking Fortune on the Wink.

The Road to Success; or, The Career of a For-

tunage Boy.
Chgtsinfqointex-I; or. The Luckiest‘ Boy in Wall
rec .

729.5 Rigling in the World: or. From Factory Boy»to
answer. .

"86 From Dark to Dawn: or. A’ Poor Boy's Chad?-e.

"37 Out for Himself: or, Paving 11 Way to Fortune.

1-as Dvnmﬁngtggz Diamond; or. 9 Boy Brokers of
n

W .
1-89 A Start in Life; or. A Bright Boy’: Ambition. -

KARI! K. wourr. Publisher, Inn;
‘ New York City

‘It'll
H62

963
964 ‘

965
906
N37
068
9 69

‘:75

Mi!

 

Price 85 cents Per COD!

book eontains'all the most recent changes
of constrution and ﬂlbmlslion of

Sixty Lessons. covering Vere line of
neenario writing. For sale by all New e rsdsnd
Bgoksoores. It you cannot procure a colt’. sen us
the price. 35 cents, in money or postage stamps. Ind
we will run you one. pounce from Addnllv
— —I.lsnnrsn_s.I1QIo AIo..low!u'3c!-’-

., rt’

I

     
   

OUR TEN-CENT. HAND BOOKS

. Useful. instructive,  Anudng.
Valuable information on A
Every Subject.

1

No. 55. HOW TO COLLECT BTAXP8 AND C0lXD—
Containing valuable information regarding the collect-'
ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Handsome!) ,

illustrated.

No. 57. now TO MAKE MUSICAL xrrsrncnnrrrs.
——l-‘nil directions_how to make a Banjo, Violin, Zither. ‘
Aeolian Harp. .\ylophone and other musical instrn.
ms-n_ts: together with a brief description of nearly every
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times_‘.
Profusely illustrated {iv Algernon S. Fitzgerald. for
tw1e‘nt):"yen;-Isohandxgaster of the R0_V.'il Bengal Marines.

o. . W '1' BECOME A DE‘l'EC'l‘l' ,.._ .
King Brady, the world-known detective. V‘ By 0”‘
down some valuable and sennible rules for beginners.
and also relates some adventures and experiences or
well-known detectives.

No. 00. HOW TO BECOME A PHO‘l'0GRAPlTEI.—.
Containing useful information regarding the Camel!
and how to work it; also how to make Photographic
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. Hana-
sorgiely illustrated. "

'0. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MA IRIS.
(‘ontaining full directions for making electrfgl -mm
vhinos. inductions coils. dynnmos. and many novel toys
to he worked by electricity. By R, A. R. Bennett. Fully
lli§strated. 0 -

o. 85. MULDO N's -l0KEs.—The most ori 0
book ever published. and it is hrimful of‘!:'i.t‘ jag;
humor. It contains a large collection of songs, 1okeg,_'

conundrums. etc-.. of Terrence Mnldoon. the great wit.  ‘

humorist. and practical joker of the day.

No. 6'! HOW TO DO ELECTRICAL 'l'BICKs.—-Con-
talniug a large collection of instructive and highly
nmusln electrical tricks. together with illustrations.
mivA' ssnd°r¥3{'v" '1' _c
v o. . 0 D0 PHEMICAL TRICKS .
taining over one hundred highly amusing and lustre}:
tire tricks with chemicals. By A‘. Anderson. Hand-2
homely illustrated. ' I

No. 09. HOW TO DO SLEIGH'l'-OF-HAND».-Cog.
tuining over titty of the latest and hestiricks used by’
magicians. Also containing the secret of second sight.
I-‘ully illustrated. .

No. '12. HOW To Do EIXTY TRICKS WITH CAl.ns.‘
Flmhmclnz all of the latest and most deoeptlvg cu-g
tricks, with illustrations. _ -

No. 1'3. HOW TO DO TRICKS WITH 1\'I'3lBEB§.—V
Showing many curious tricks with ii urea and the magic
of numbers.’ By A. Anderson. Fulry illustrated, 

No. 74. now To warm LETTERS connzcz-mu,
Containing full instructions for writing letters on at.
most any subject; also rules for punctuation and com.
position. with specimen letterl.

No. 70. HOW To TELL FORTUNE! B

.2:°-- 

 

In which heinyg . V /'

  

  

 

l'IAND.—(‘outnining rules for telling fortunes’ y the 
IEIIITI ' ‘

Klld otfh lines of the ‘hand? or the secret of pa .
so esrcreto tel n tu t b i _
marks. ﬁr-arr. etc. lllusgtraltedre "en E y a d °f mob.

No. 77. now To no I-‘om-1 rucxs wrrl

t‘ARDﬁ.—(“ontaining deceptive Card Tricks as performed it

by leading conjure:-n and magicians. An-an

home amusement. I-hrliv illustrated. rd for
No. '19. now To nncom: AN Ac'roI.—containing

complete instructions how to make up for various char- '

ncters on the stage: together with the duties of the

Stage Manager. Prompter, scenic Artist and Property V

Man.

No. so. or: wu.r.rsMs' JOKE BO0K.—-Containing 
of this. 

the latest Jokes. anecdotes and funny stories

world-renowned German comedian. Sixty-four Pitts“ *
_lu'suds«:o'r1ne colored cover containing a half-tone photo Ct.
ie an or. .
1‘-'No. 92. now To no PALMl‘8'l'RY.——(‘.ontal in the
most approved methods of reading the lines on the hand
together with a full explanation of their meaning. Abe
explaining. phrenology. and the key for telling eharo
ncter by the humps on the head. By Leo Hugo Koch.’

A. (7. S1. I-‘ullv illustrated. .

No. 84. HOW 1'0 BECOME AN AU'l'H0l.~C6lIflﬁ*- * '

lug information regarding choice of subjectl. the use 0%
words and the manner of preparing‘ and submitting
manuscript. Also containing valuable informatio »
tbﬁnteatness. legihility and general composition o maﬁ-
sc p . \ '«
/’ For sale by all newsdsnlers. or will be’ sent to 3*
address on receipt or price. 10¢. per copy.
V‘ ' in mono! or stamps. by

HARRY E.» WOLF’. Pllllﬁﬂ. h
166 West 286 Shed; In Yak, U

    