BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No 985 AUGUST 15, 1924 Price 3 Cents

WEEEKTJZ  

STORIES OF
 BOYS WHO  MONEY-
  »  «» w@ma

  R¥Eﬂ7YTB MANAGER. e
ed?/c527/"-/99742"/%7t/.

  

DR, FRUM  5 d

   
 
   

 

Jeck ﬂung the noose over the thiete he and it tell around his arm. seizing e er
the line, he pulled it taut, drawing Dem up to the screen a. prisoner. “Help?
yelled the boy. and In rushed the crowd.

 \

 z<_§_=_c> ._§..
mm...,b,E\

»
.. xcmn .

  

Are You.A Radio Fan?

 

Read Pages“ 24 and 25

   

cw ork. N. Y

i Juued kly-sub ripti ’ ce. 84.00 per year; Caiiad , $4.60: For I
:~ wee West ‘C  r . Entered :5 second-ciagv
the Pout-Oﬂce at New York. N. Y.. under the

Wolﬂ. Publisher, [n¢__ ma
£ 1911. It
1924

P

    

     

  

. '* r-.

FAME AND FORTUN§)%i%ﬂEEKl.Y 
”° 4?  Ii;

 

   
  
   
     
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
    
  
 
    
 

-—

'‘*~CHAP'I'ER 'I.—-How Jack, Clyde Saves Bertha
- _Garland.

Bertha Garland, the prettiest working girl in
Northbridge, was walking rapidly down the street
toward the cotton mill when the seven o’clock
whistle blew shrilly upon the balmy morning air.
' “Oh, dear,” she exclaimed in a tone of great
vexation as well as concern, “I shall be shut out.
I ‘kgiow I shall. Isn't it too provoking for any-

 lseeing quite a bunch of girls, the last in sight,
1 entering the nearby gate at that moment, Bertha
caught up her skirts and made a dash for the
— , in hope that by sheer good luck she might
able to get into the yard. She was just a
exit too late. The gate slid across the open-
: . almost in her face and left her on the wrong
side. A
.“Oh, Mr. Dean,” she cried loudly, pounding on
gate. “Won't you plea'se let me in?”
. Morris Uean, a. sallow-complexioned young man
of ninemenﬁ ~who}s!ethincipi<lent firgilstalczhethvgasd a
atqndiﬁgjoewit egirso e or rige
«fiction ill, ofﬂciated as timekeeper.
” He had made himself very unpopular with the
hands by his promptness in shutting the gate the
3; ﬁrst toot of the whistle. This morning he noted
' the fact that'Bertha Garland had not arri_ved
when the whistle blew. He was a bit su . sed
 this for she was usually one of the early irds.
When the bevy of girls who arrived at the last

 

  

” ﬁw Bertha coming hot foot for the gate.
‘Wiura grin he pulled the gate shut and fast-
 it. But he did not actually intend to keep
1 fﬂrepretty mill. hand out. Morris was sweet on
"3333 Garland, and tried in every way to make
‘” solid "with her. So when Bertha ra‘pped
.. mnrthe gate and made the , l_Morris was cok-
for. -he answered .thr_ in his. pgyp hole:
A . that really 9031. MISS Bertha? .
. es, yes," she cried eagerly. “It's really me.
, a let me in,‘ won't you?” _
against the rule, Miss Bertha,” ‘he replied,

taking.
" I was right here when you shut the

  

  

a

V "s time," he answered.
"2

F 1

 

«minute had ﬁled into the yard, he looked out and V

room. . \
. Jack got out, too. and carried his load to a care

she :1 pass through; “huh. ” _
.; *i1a_nd,.»said,.oueg

  

 

its. 985 NEW YORK, AUGUST 15, //,.(,Ac3,.,__. ',.. 8 Cents.
. I I 6'' [k8/-' '   . u———
RISING IN T HE . {(2
6//,%;o0,‘pe,{,”/if ,
. OR. FROM FACTORY BOY TO MANAGER ‘°/2;¢.,'”«-°.g-,.-./;/.'s-
By A SELF-VIADE MAN . ‘ t‘

“Aren't'y1>u" ooar ll l d 'th . 
she darted‘oif- wardstliecgnetravrlde dboimdfethg
big brick building. ' '

ll_’I0rris_ rubbed his thin hands together with
satisfaction_as he watched the lovely ﬁfteen—year- 
old miss skip gracefully across the yard. 

“That's the only girl 0_ut of the bunch I'd put 
myself out for, and there isn't anything I wouldn't ' =.
do for her.” . 3
_ Morris gathered up his time—sheet and‘walked
into the oﬁice, where, as it was too early, yet 4
for the other clerks to appear, he spmad thg
‘morning paper out‘ on the top of his tall desk and .
began to read the sporting intelligence. When -\ ‘A3.
Bertha Garland stepped into the elevator which "
would take her to the fourth ﬂoor where the
loom she worked at stood in the midst of a forest "
of similiar machines, she came face to face with ’
Jack ClYd€. Who had a wicker basket full of
fluffy cotton on his shoulder.

‘fgood-morning, Jack,” she said with a bright 3
smi e. ‘ ~
“Good-morning, Bertha,” ‘he ‘plied with a
cheerful smile. “You‘re late. How did you

You must have a

 

manage to pass Morris Dean?
pulll with him.;’" h I d

‘ guessno, sere ie w'th t~ fh

head, for she did not li e the ltllnea-kegifero 9,, 
\better than any other girl in the mill.

“Maybe you hypnotized him, for I notice he's
never so happy as when he can shut out one or-
mcgleerctilgatliel the morning,” chuckled 

‘ er aps did, for he tu ll ed the . .
af‘t‘e11"hhe had closed it anzclic let iheol)1f.x"’ gate‘ ‘

en gu And 81 ' ' _"

“About whaetS?s” she y8ske(:lS.som ls ﬁght

“He told me Morris Dean was dead  on
ou.’ ‘

“The idea!"

“I don’t blame him.
in, the mill?"

At ‘that moment the elevator ltopped at the 
f0l1l'tl1‘.ﬂoo1.‘. and Bertha. ﬂashing a saucy glance‘ ‘
at_,Jack, sprang out and‘ made for the dressmg

 

.a ."“x.‘{.;' .' " *. <.. 

  
       
       
       
        
     
   

Aren't you the nicest girl ‘i

    
   
    

u
-

      

t..in
“You.

art! cg the door.
Va ingettin towork.Barth Ga.
oi tlzegioremen 

   
    

       

 

 
 

   

girl came to her loom, “I’ll have.to ‘dock you ﬁf-
teen minutes.”

Shemade no reply but started her machine.
 “Jobkins is cranky, this morning,” whispered
> the nearest girl to her. '
T» “He’s always cranky with me,” replied Ber-
tha_9 tossing Jier shapely head disdainfully.
“Soipe peo le are never happy unless they’re'
ﬁnding fau .”

The foreman’s sharp ears caught the remark
(, »' and he looked daggers at- the pretty fair-haired
3»; 7 girl,‘ whom’ he disliked on account of her good
‘f looks and popularity. Jobkins, who was twentye
5» ~ three, also hated Jack Clyde, because of Bertha’s
' evident preference for him. '

He-knew Jack depended on his job in the mill

’ to support his widowed aunt and crippled sis-
ter, and it gave him a great deal of satisfaction
to threatenthe boy occasionally with discharge.

As Jobkins didn't conﬁne his fault-ﬁnding and

overbearing conduct to Bertha and Jack, he was

not a bit more popular among the hands than was

Morris Dean.

In fact, of the two he was the most cordially
detested. The mill had a stack of orders on
hand and was working at its full capacity. It
was getting close to noon on the morning our
story opened. Jack was taking a drink of water

» from a cooler which stood on a low shelf at the
end of the room where the big belt that furnish-
edpower to the main shaft came through an
’ in in the ﬂoor.  l I
"~ §ud enly’ the shrill scream of a girl rang out
uthrough the room. . It was in -cry that only comes
1. from a human being in deadly peril. For a
. . seco Jack's heart stood still, then, with the

:,inst.in ive idea that one of the girls had been
caught in the. machinery, the boy sprang at the
handle of the throw-oh’, which hung within a
' yard of the cooler. and controlled the power on
‘ that floor and ﬂung it over. In a moment the

main shaft ,ceased. to revolve and every machine

In the ﬂoor stopped. Section foremen and boys
 were seen ning toward a certain point, and
 Jack starte in the same direction. A girl was

" -seen suspended b the hair from a coifhtershaft,
where she hung imp and senseless.

“Great Scott!” exclaimed Jack, in horriﬁed sur-
prise, “it’s Bertha Garland!" ‘ '

» »It was indeed Bertha. As she was returning
to her loom from the dressing-room, a sudden

It of air coming through an open window

hid hlownher long golden hair around one_of
the belts. She ve that one agonizing shriek
 then ‘Iain from the fright and pain.
”.But for Jack’s ‘prompt’ action in shutting off
the power her entire scalp would have been tom
of in a few seconds more. Ladders were brought,
 the girl'wa_s seized and supported while
the lacin of the belt connecting the counter- I
shalt wi one ofthe branchesof the main shaft
was cut   ‘
Then the countexwhaft was reversed until Ber-
. sfs. hair was released. She was lowered to the
Root and given. in charge of ‘several’ ot,_the wo-
 to bring her to consciousness. The belt was
then re

aahalf of the girls were unable to re 7

‘~ v  ‘Several had fainted and,‘
revived, ?1'hl1eﬂh¢ rest  un-

. . that mar: 

‘i
r
s

 

 

 
 
  
   
   
   
  

    
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
   

_ RISING‘ IN THE IWORIQD

and'the machinery  _«
-wasH1dam'tobe2found athomeof_u;‘_~
iﬁei
become  ‘on

 

1'r;ot:e or less hysterical, and had to be looked,
a r. ‘ 
Before the noon whistle sounded, however, it 
was known all over the ﬂoor that it was Jack -
Clyde who had saved Bertha Garlandfroin af:-’
terrible disﬁgurement, if not death. X

 

 

 

CHAPTER Il.——~The Deserted Shanty.

“You’re wanted in the girls’ dressing-room,
Jack,” said Andy Blossom, Jack's particular‘ 
friend, who worked on the same floor with him; W“

“What for?” asked Jack. ’ f 

“Bertha Garland has come to. and wants'm,'“"
see you. i -_ ‘

Jack easily guessed what she wanted to ‘see
him for, but he would have preferred to have
had her postpone her protestations of gratitude. ~.
But as he had been sent for he couldn’t v
.1\)vefll evzlilde the interview, so he presented himse

e ore er.

“Jack Clyde,”‘ she said, holding out her hand 
to him, “you saved my life and I sha’n’t forget" 
yougas long as I live.” ; B

“Don’t mention it. _Bertha,” ‘he replied. ’ “Iﬁ
gilggt Irﬁt0l'1lr;)!Ie1rf‘;‘tl:1lZ’ of doing the right thing at

-“You must take me home, Jack, as soon as
the whistle blows. I couldn't do another  at
work to-day to save my life.” ‘ \ v

As soon as the noon hour arrived there
a rush for hats‘ on the part of the hands win’;
went home for dinner, and a stream of employee‘; 
was soon ﬁling through the gate into the street.» .
Bertha was feeling a little better by that time, '=
but she was glad to have Jack accompany heir
to her mother's humble cottage on the outskirts,

“I'll call around after supper and see how ya}?
are getting on," said the boy when he was lay.
ing her at the gate of' the little at-den patch
which lay between the street an the house.
Then the boy pressed her shapely hand and rushed)‘
off to his own home, a quarter of a mile away,‘
to get_his dinner and return to the factory be-.‘
fore the one o’clock whistle blew. ‘

There were smiles without number for Jik 
that afternoon from every irl that lie 4: - 1 
to pass near. _Although he adnft actually dojdu
any heroic action he was, nevertheless. 
hero -by the fair {one most of whom 
Bertha Garland for ha ng the inside trackwiﬂl
the most pular boy in Northbridge. There WA!
one girl, lora Watmn by name, who hated 8&-
tha for quite a different reason. , ’

She was about the only mill hand who
garded Morris Dean in favorable light. Pig‘;
Watson was undoubtedly‘ a good looking brunetﬁps
but her disposition warnot in keeping 
face. She was se “inclined to'h_e A.-4.. «.
though her circum nces di iiotjustify the
she put on, spiteful to a and, hen
Jealousy was aroused, revengeful. To
tent the latt controlled her this

‘.

 
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
    
     
    
  
    
   
  
    
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
   
 

    
   
   
   
 
 

  
     
   
 

  
      
   
   
     
 
  
  

  

   
  
  

   
  

"“s£33§§?s° §§"pi»e‘1-“‘%’.".a$i§“» "»“‘

imrst-the ﬂorth

  

RISING IN

 ._,-' Pool Parlors on Main Street. He  naturally
I -fair prey for sharpers, and one 0 that gentry

_) I succeeded in winning his conﬁdence. ‘
. This individual’s name was Nelson Spavinger.
-5;‘ He was a second-rate sport, dressed rather con-
spicuously, especially in the way of cheap but
expansive jewelry, and insinuated broadly that
. he was one of the knowing ones. As soon as he
’ .- sized Morris up he cottoned to him at once, and
young Dean was ﬂattered by the preference he
. showed for his society. .
It was the evening of the day on which the
accident had happened to Bertha Garland. Mr.
,_ ‘:3; Spavinger had gone to the Springﬁeld races
'that day and had carried with him every cent
"_ - of money that ‘Morris Dean owned in the world,
:~ ’beside,a small sum he had borrowed of the pro-
 prietor of the billiard arlors, to invest on cer-
"‘ tain suie tips which t e sporty gentleman as-
‘ llired Morris he had ac uired.
' He had refused to en ighten the young man
as to the horses he intended to back lest, as he
laid, Morris might inadvertently impart the
knowledge to a third party. He had, for rea-
sons he lust knew, arranged to meet young Dean
at an old deserted shanty on the outskirts of
the town instead of at the billiard parlors, and
Ely him his share of the winnings. Morris ate
‘s supper in a state of suppressed excitement
and satisfaction at the enchanting prospect of re-
—eei ' * a considerable sum of cash that evening
from He had cut
._ from the evening paper a list of most of the
 winning horses at the Springﬁeld race track,
="4 .and the balance he had taken from the ticker
‘ _ at the billiard parlor on his way home. There-
1; ‘ fore he lost no time in makin his way after
; dark to the dilapidated shack w ere he expected
‘ to meet the kno ' gentleman.
He carried an'um rella with him, for the sky
had a threatening and watery look. Before he
ﬁthere it began to rain heayily, which made
» ' fear that Mr. Spavinger inight fail to keep
the appointment. About the time Morris left his
home, ack Clyde left his aunt's cottage on route
for Bertha Garlsnd’s home. _ _
Before he got half way to his destination the
,rain commenced to fall. It soon came down so
'3 fast that Jack looked around for sheltu, and
his eyes lighted on the ramshackle story-and-a-
half building toward which Morris Dean was

I, bending his 

 I The ancient _ was partly ogarhand so Jack
 _ .p_ushed his_ way inside and 1: his stand be-
side the window which aﬂorded him a_ View of
the wet and lonesome road. As the rain let up

  

 

  

--2

s 

is friend Nelson Spavinger.

' "I

__«-«  . r, ««..—-,.,<_,

 

3".‘ ' to a drizzle and he began—to think of resuming»

man coming along

 

* his walk
 at a smart pace with an um . _.
gs To Jack's surprise this person turned in_ at
W ‘ the broken down gate and came up to the build-
ing. Jack ' him at once as Morris Dean
and wondered what had brought him to that see-
ﬁon of the town, so far from his customary
st: »  _ .
 , Presently another person came walking up the
~ road. To Jack's astonishment he, too, turned in
* at ﬂie gate and walked up to Morris. This was
<- "Mr. Nelson vinger.
 ‘fﬁo  li a sport,’_' thought Jack._“I yon-
 he is? Hsseems to know Morris pretty

, he noticed a youn

   
    
   
   

THE WORLD y 3

At that moment the rain resumed its heavy
pattering on the roof. "

“They're coming in here," breathed Jack.- “I'll
let them have this room all t themselves, as
Morris Dean is no friend of mi e, and I am note
anxious to make the acquaintance of his com-
panion." '

So Jack quietly withdrew to the rear room.
taking his seat on an empty candle box he found
there, just in time to escape the notice of the
newcomers, as they walked into the front apart-
ment.

I

CHAPTER III.—Nelson Spavinger and His

Dupe.

“It's a disagreeable night, young gent," re-
marked Mr. Spavinger, as he led the way into
the room. “I wouldn’t have come out here only
I didn't want to disappoint you. I make it a
point always to keep my engagements.”

“I don’t see why we couldn’t have come to-

ther in a private room at Bishop’s Parlors
Just as well," replied Morris. “It would have
been much handier, and a good bit more com-
fortable.”

“There are reasons, Master Dean, which I
might explain if I cared to, why I preferred
to come here. We will throw a light on the
subject if you don’t mind.”

It was soon apparent that Mr. Spavinger was
not unfamiliar with the interior of the old shanty,
for he went to a closet, took out -a box and placed,
it near the entrance to the room where Jack sat
in the gloom, an unsuspected intruder. Then he
produced a whisky bottle with a bit of candle
stuck into its neck, and placed it on the box.

Striking a match he lit the candle, diffusing
a dim and uncertain light around that end of
the room. Then he brought forth two smaller
Llxes, which he placed on either side of the large

x.
“Be seated," he said to Morris, pointing at one
of the improm chairs, and ' possession
of the other himself; “we might as well make
ourselves comfortable.” ~

He took a cigar from his vest pocket and lit
it at the candle. From his hip \ et he next
brought out a suspicious looking at ﬂask. He
calmly helped himself to as much of the spirits
as he wanted and then laid the ﬂask with some
deliberation on the box beside the candle holder.

“Pin so _ to say, young gent,” replied the
turfy indivi ual, “that things didn't pan out just
the way I expected to see them do."

‘fWhat do you mean?” almost gasped
“Didn’t the horses you picked out win?"-

“Not on your life they didn't. A screw worked
loose somewhere in my calculations, and all our
goog money went to swell the bookmakers’
pro ts.” ' ‘

“Great Scott!" groaned-Morris. '“Didn’t we
win a thing?"

“Not a soumarkee."

“Then I'm ruined.” answered Dean, dismally.

Morris.

"Ruined!" echoed Mr. Spavinger cheerfully. '

“Rot.” ’ _
“There's no rot about it.

I including ﬁfteen dollars I borrowed

from Mr. Bishop." .
“What of it?

Igaveyoueverycent-

 ..,.—-:.;.<;i&£

    

_ i _' ' i{IsiN<§’?IH"'i‘EHE !/WORI'._D

‘' “ylfhat of it? Why, I’m Iiusted, m.n't you
see.’ ‘ " ‘
“.Yoi;‘ don’t I(!'i1:f.n 1it,”bl said  Spavingeg

somew at incre ousy owing a ew rings 0

, tobacco smoke.into the’ air.

“I do mean it,” replied Morris, with some
energy. ‘
“Well, I’m blowed.”
; _ “The ﬁrst thing I've got to do is to stand off
‘ ‘ Mr.’ Bishop, I promised to return that money to-
~- ' night, but now that's impossible. It will take
all of a month for me to square myself with him,
andlgl hardly have more than cigarette money
* left. ‘in in a deuce of a‘ hole. I've promised

, to take a girl to the show at the Opera House on
L Friday night, and now I havengcdthe 1‘>(rice. h
7 have to stand her off, too, and on’t now ow

Pmﬁgoini to %et_aro\(iin’d it, for she's a regular
‘t e’s ma . ' '
sp!hIr1:eSYia:Ii‘n:zei-f. didn't seefifn particularly inter-
ested ‘in l)ean’s eminine a airs.
‘ “You make a llotl of_ tf}l.l1SS over at_%aipful of ill-
' " . e s r.
‘"-’«‘§l‘ c.“,f:u’1°?3“c'.»i§d film.-S, §i.§.°§§’i 2ngsl‘y°,° “you
, ‘ mean an overwhelming blast——a hurricane that
" h _ 1 t l_ ked -.”
a‘§‘P(io(:lri‘l)”e :alYd“_I.1I'l:c sport?“ emitting a cloud of

’» smoke from his mouth. “Can’t you borro]v%r'«”i’ifty

°?2‘«°c§‘i,"i‘§l';i.Y.‘,’.“€va‘il ‘if-‘.12-*2", ¥°§..‘”5.‘§‘il..“’ :l2“if§Zw; I'm
. for that ﬁfteen cases.” ‘ _

‘ “But how about me?”_ retorted Mr_. Spavinger.

"You!" exclaimed Morris, in astonishment. “I
' don't owe you anything.”

Mr. Spavinger put his hand in his pocket and
pulled out'a memorandum .book He turned the
"leaves over with great deliberation until he came
to rtain‘ age. a _

4 u$;:;:,, t,;l,,i,,{’g 33:,  of‘-iag did y0l:h0I‘ﬁdl(:
_ ‘you not me pu n o ars on e rs
V ‘.‘‘-race,‘ me to select the"horse?” ”

_ ..,,.',‘!I.did, and I gave you the money.

 

   
  
   
      

 

It
 a shoe and came in last, so you lost. Sec-
 y, did you ask me to pick a_winner for the
second race to the extentof another ten?"
“Yes, and you got the money for that, too.”
“Right you are. I thou ht Jack-o'—Lantei.'n a
V . likelyhorse to come in rst.' He was a nose
ahead in the home, stretch and ought to have
DI \.
wegfhen why didn't he?” I
. “Because he slipped a cog_ and Tallyho beat
 hits, by a length. That disposes of two counts.
= _ ‘rm;-'a1y, I said] had my eye on a long shot for

  
  

‘ton on that _1:a<:e.. 'didn't }’°“,';'", .
""Su:;e I did, and you—-—— _
“Got the money? Of course I did. I slap
your ten on Bobolink, but unfortunately she ost
, |nd'.Lso you lost 9-Kain-," "
‘ £‘I,ahduld think'I di . " _
b ~"'&Io.w wecome to the fourth race, the most im-

   

  

.. on  didn't you!

"Yes". . 4’ ., . .: . ;. ‘ -
"'1'-Isesxiaiiuv gave no the tin ran‘ in n cold
***~*:~°..........** ***.*s=’..‘:.'*.*i;. ‘..i“:..a::

our , ,_ r « »
" ~ " he-1IIm¢;.in-gen

’ _.that'and you »to,l’d me to go twenty-ﬁve cases

  

    

    
     

I'll"

‘to myself, after the colt lost, the young 

ex-rect. ‘ Well, I picked Tam O’Shanter. I-Ie -

‘haven’t the money,” said Nelson Spavinger, light-ft‘;

the third ram, and you told me to put up‘ another ‘ brother that keeps a store and is makin

, t of  I thought I had a sure winner‘

which Jack, who had. hearddghe whole ~
so to this Kgint, did not catch.
‘pee as it, ,.Ihad ‘ .
rﬂi..Thetwas    ‘ it ‘

hard luck, for it did you out ‘of seventy-ﬁviehdolf it

’ lars.”

Morris made no reply. ' _ _
“Now,” ‘went on Nelson Spaving-er, after a '_.
pause, during which he cast a sidelonz glance at .5,

-4-

‘ his dupe, “comes the ﬁfth race.” ,

“I didn't put up any money on that race,” cried’.
Morris, looking at the sport. ' " 
“I know you didn't,” replied Mr. Spavinger‘,‘;,-,:_-.
coolly. “That's just what I was trying 
at. I suggested that you back Jim Dandy.”.._ , »
“And I told you I had nomore money to put -.;
up,” interrupted Morris.‘ I ff ..
“That's right,” replied the sport placidly; “And "
what did I- say?” ‘ , 
_ “You said you'd lend me a ﬁver if I wantedggi
you to.” «, ,’ 
“Pre—cisely. You took me up and signed your .,-
ﬁst to this I-0-U I have here, didn't you?" 3

 

“I did, but afterward I turned the bet dovra “
and you threw the paper under your chair-.”, ‘ _v 
“I hate to dispute your word, young gent, but-' _
if I recollect the matter right you told me to’; ,4
make that ﬁfty plunks instead of ﬁve, and pit IA
it through, which I did.” . " 
“Fifty dollars!” exclaimed Morris, aghast, for_;§.j
he knew that Jim Dandy did not come- in  .2
two or three in the last race. “You must 

crazy.” ,,
I altered the ﬁve to fifty as you. ,

   

      
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
  

“Excuse me.  ,
told me, put up the dust and I‘ regret to say yolxj‘,
lost again." ' . V ., » " -

“But Iinever told you to'put—up ﬁfty do_llats._ ,
on anything for me,” asserted Morris. »:'x_—.-J 
_ “This paper says you did," replied Mr-. VS}!!!-"_
inger, coolly. - . . 2  ,
~ “I don;t care anything about that paper.

no . _ ‘- 
“Isn't it? Well, now I thought it was. I  ‘

feel sore to think he has to make this good. it
ain't im ssible that he may refuse to honor ﬁn:
I-0-U. n that case why I’m afraid’ I'd ban’ 
call and see his father about " .__. [A
“If you called on_ my father with that «—papeI"-ii —
would ruin me,” cried Morris, with a livid»h.ce.- 4
“I ain't anxious to call on him,” replied, ,.
Spavinger, cheerfully. “If you say you’ll :74!
me this week I'll let it go at that.” . 
‘ “But I don't owe you that ﬁfty,” replied 
ris, passionately. ' . y ,3
“Now look here, oung gent; what’: the use; ,
getting down’ in e mouth? I wouldn’t 
you but I must have funds, see? You say

 
 

You've got §-“-.'~“*»‘£

‘fwhat of it? 3

ing a fresh cigar.

      
 
     

   

ain’t you? Very good. What's the matter ’ , 
borrowing enough from him to square ,
all around, as well as to take another so at ‘the
horses?” - ‘ ,  '-
‘‘Didn't I tell you that my brother wouldn"t 
me a cent to save my life?” _ 1_ .. 
“Well, couldn't you borrow it without 
knowing anything about it? Let me whisperit‘
your ear.” , ~   V
Nelson Spavinger bent over toward the
marrand saideometlung in a low tone of,

     
     
      

 
 

   

awn: by a;

   
 
 

   
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
  
  
     
  
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

-a

;!°i:o,’no," he gasped, “I couidn’t do that. ‘ I
dn't.”

CHAPTER IV.—Jack's Plan.

’Mor1-is Dean was reaping a crop of wild oats
had carelessly sowed—-and the harvest was a
 I'~ one. He knew that he was being swindled
the man he had trusted, but he couldn't help
e-: f, or at least hethoiight he _couldn’t. Mr.
vinger had suggested, in a whisper, that he
d rob hisbrother. _ _
orris recoiled from such.a proposition,‘ not
‘ "use he was opposed to taking what didn't
', g ‘to him, if he could do so without being
‘detected. but because the victim in that case would
' hrother. He disliked his brother, it is
 ut.he didn't have the nerve to rob him.
v  was only somebody else," he muttered
himself; “somebody who-——-—"
At that moment the father of all eVil must
» we been at his elbow, for ,an idea came ‘into
v » head—-an idea that rather appealed to him,
h it was dangerous. The color returned.to
,_face and the courage to his heart.
“You've taken a mean advantage of me, Mr.
vihger," he said. “You know as well as I do
. ... '1-e trying to bunco me out of fifty‘ cases.
tellyoutomake anybetonteﬁfth
was a fool to sign my name to an_y_paper,
I did, I've got to take my medicine.”
do you expect to raise the money?
I must have it this week. If you
it will be my unpleasant duty to
old gent himself." '
needn't remind me again of that unpleas-
"' said Morris,  1;  “II'owever,
see in we ou or e scrape.
 cocked up'his ears and looked

,_ u day after to-morrow is pay-day at the
. .v It’: 816881 holiday, but owing to the rush

= -iirders on deck the mill hands have been no-
i- - that the will have to work. The bank
be open at day, as a matter of course,
—. ently the cashier will draw the pay

ofﬁoe , ha!
changed, and I've an idea that the
’r keeps a record of it oiya-slip of paper,

2;

er to refresh his memory with in-case he
' v to t the -ﬁgures. I carry the key to
. ‘1.swca.r§Otll.in§ woulqbe easier than for me
' ‘ . «into the oﬁioe, provided you would come to
' ' and engage the attention of the watch-
‘guy twenty minutes. If I find the com-
 I can o n the safe and then the rest
 be easy. I'll” take enough to Pay my debts

'“’ have me with a mu sum of pocket money
' ‘ besides. ow does the idea strike

as  right.._ You've got more
than I gave youcredit for. ~ You’re going
tin ion some  to-rnorrow ni_ght,- ain't

  when {iii
- ‘  dose:-1:od.§' ;.r ». I

_i- . .\.

    

  

  
 

RISING IN THE WORI.D -‘

key of the inner compartment in his _

  

“I'm ready to help you out, young gent. We'll
meet accidental like at the Parlors, have a game
or two of pool and then ‘we'll go oil’ together."

“All'right. Now let's be of. I see it has
cleared up." ..

Mr. Spavinger nodded, put the boxes back in
the closet and blew, out the light. Then the hard-
ened old sinner, and the young one just starting
out on the broad road that leads to moral de-
struction, picked up their umbrellas and left the
shanty. _ - I

“Well,” said Jack Clyde to himself, as he was
left alone in the old shack, “if I haven't learned
considerable this night about the inside character
of Morris Dean I'm out of my calculation. So
he bets on the races, does he? This time he seems
to have cau ht it in the neck.
bird to pluc I'm much mistaken, that's all. The
idea of his giving his money to that skin to pick
winners for him! Mr. Spavinger simply played
him for a chump. I greatly doubt‘ if he placed
a single one of those bets. It was easy for a
man of his stamp to put Dean's money in his
pocket and then come back and hand out a fake
story to Morris. It was such a simple game that
he must have laughed in his sleeve more than
once. And then the avaricious old rascal wasn't
satisﬁed at that but he must work a bit of bunco
on top of it. Now to extricate himself from his
hole, Morris is going to try and rob the otlice
safe at the mill. He'll do it. too, I don't think.
I’m going to treat Morris Dean to the surprise
of his life. I'll give him a shock that he won't
forget.for a long time to come.”

Thus speaking, Jack walked to the front win- .

dew and ooked out. He saw Mr. Spavingerﬂand
Morris Dean vanishing down the road.

“It~’s too,late for me to go on to Bertha Gan-
lan’s home now. It must be past nine o'clock.
She'll think the rain stood me off, so I'll go
back home."

On his way home Jack paused before A neat
white cottage that bore a si ;“l'-‘or Sale."'

“I wonder how long it ' be before I have
money enough to buy such a little house as that
for aunt and sis?”

_ Jack continued on his wa , and in ten minutes
reached the plain dwelling ' aunt rented for a
few dollars a month.

“I did not expect you back so soon, Jack,”
smiled his aunt, Mrs. Susan Frost. “How is
Bertha to-night?"

“I couldn't say, Aunt Sue. I didn't go to her
home after all. The rain held me up so lon
in that old shanty down the mad tlht‘ I deci
it was too late to call and so I came back.”

“That was too bad. and she was. expecting‘

you, too.” .
“Yes, .1 guess she was; but it can't be helped.
That’s one of the disadvantages of not owning an

umbrella. Good night, auntie, I'm going to bed."

Next ‘morning Jack met his -friend Andy_Blos-t
som on the corner as.

usual. ,
“Hello, Jack!” said Andy. ~ ‘What do you blow ‘

tl1i'smorning.?" ‘

“I know somethingtliatfll make you store ell —

right," replied Jack. 2 g- . p ‘
“Is that so?" asked Andy, with I9!!! interest;
“What is it?" 7 t ‘ ‘ ‘ ~ '

...‘*.:.'~..:.és.?s.#**§=r¢‘;~r**i‘-.*,’°**°*-9*.»

.

   

If he isn't an easy.

‘i

 

    
    
       
       
    

  

 

4::-r,_. A 
 .

  

' for yourself what kind of a c

i ‘think of carrying out his

' to ‘mm into a scrape. ’

{isncii action as the case

 

5. V’ 5‘

“I’ll be mum if_ you say so,” agreed Andy, on
the tip—toe of curiosity. - ,

“It concerns Morris Dean.” _

“Does it? I’ll bet it's nothing  his credit,”
replied Andy, who, in common _with the other
mill hands, had a very poor opinion of the time—
keeper. “What's he been up to?" _ _

‘I found out several things about him last "1213:
that rather opened my eY9'5- I n°‘7°1"t°°k mg‘,
stock in him anyway, in spite of the fact that e’:
enjoyed advantages that the rest of us hizvﬁn
had; but I'm bound to say I did not s,i’ispec im
to he the reckless young rascal he 1-: M, * k d
A“(\1Nhat dicll you find out about hlm- 35 9

'1. y’ eager y' and on can 511389

I ll tell you the whole sto P heivrguy is.”
Andy his adventure of ttlllle
preceding evening In the 015 Shanty ‘"1 N°r ‘
bridge road.

«And he really means to rob the office safe to
night?” cried A111-‘IY.  35t°m5hm°nt;,
“That seems to be his progra;mne- h

swat are you going to do. Tell t e man-
agslupropose to catch him in the I}ct"‘mYS€1f-"

“%oiﬁ' are you ggilllile ;0n'1l:l§,n3E° 1”

“ e , you mus - . .

“I'll do it; bet your boots. Ii:_wc<l>:ld Just ﬁg}:
me to have a hand in showing that P “P-

iack then related to

' lieen treating the girls meaner than dirt since he's

1-. I’ve got it in for him especially.

been time-kee way hes acted toward Martha

for the shagsyshut her out six times in the last

tliiiigegirhsiontis, and I’ve been 10015118 f0!’ 8 Cmnce

to pay him up.for it.” .

Martha Higgins was a sweet little orphan that
Andy was aying a good deal of attention to, apd
it was qui natural‘ for him to resent 8117 111313‘
nity oﬁered her. _

“We'll take, say. four of the men—I’m z0_1n£.' to
pick, them out—and we’ll come to the mill to-
night, .put the watchman wise_ to the matter. ﬁnd
lay for him_ and Mr. Spavi er, his s _ortin
ﬁiend, who 15 gem ‘to act as is accomp ice.
guess it will be a_ ig surprise to them to ﬁnd
themselves can h’t in_the act. ‘

“I'll bet it W11), g_ri _ Andy. .

“I've concluded this will be the best way to deal
with them. If I was to tell the‘ manager this
inornin he might question Morrisvin his oﬂice
about t e matter. Dean would naturall deny the
truth of my story, and his word would as good
as mine; in fact, better, for he would no doubt
call in Mr. pavinger to back him up. I haven't
any witnessgo borroborate my Btatemeﬂt. 35 I was
gone in me shanty. So you can see he_d have the
best of me. Of course, after that Morris wonldn’t
lan against the office
“Q, 334 gs there would be no proof of his

nscality, the chances are a good many
would think I reported the matter solely

_ s right. The er is a friend of his
father's, and gave him the Job in the oﬂice. 38
would hate to see Morris get into trouble. Now

redhended

— ' wi e man »s
 charactei?‘?ild he will ob to take

de_man ."
 ythediicnssion for the pieces on

 twohoys had arrived at the $lll’§It¢. . i

 

 

 

RISING IN THE WORLD ‘ -

passed Morris Dean without giving him a look,
and the time-keeper checked them oif on his sheet.
When noontime came, Jack called ‘aside four men
in whom he had every conﬁdence, told them what
Morris Dean proposed to do in the office that
night, and they pledged themselves to join in with
Jack and Andy in his scheme to catch the unpop-
ular timé-keeper with the goods on.

CHAPTER V.—Caiizht with the Goods on. ,‘

About nine o’cloch that night Jack and Andy.
met the four mill hands at a certain corner not,

far from the mill, and the entire party started ~ ,-

for the building. Arrived at their destination.
Andy was boosted over the :_fence and sent to ﬁnd
the watchman, and give him an inkling of the
_Sltl}§t10n. He came to the gate and let the party
msi e.

_“Now, Jones,”_ said Jack, who was the self-com
stituted leader in the proceedings, “you’d better
be near the gate around eleven o’clock. In fact.
it would be a good idea if you opened the gate
and stood_ there, smoking. You may expect to see
this sporting gent, _Mr. Spavinger, come down the»
street. If he carries out the programme A
upon last night, he’ll stop and en e you in cons
versation. You must get him insi

_;

thegateso ‘ 

he can't escape when we're ready to secure hiin..  "

That’s your part of this job, and I expect you
to carry it out in good shape. Don’t give hing
any reason to suspect you are on to the scheme.”

“All right, Clyde, you can depend on me. ,7.
Whether I get him inside the fence or not, he  '

won’t dare to run when I pull. my six-shooter on —

‘ him,” replied the watchman.

,-.3.
w

 

Seeing that the watchman understood what was.’ »  i

expected of him, Jack led his assistants into the
ground ﬂoor of the mill and posted them in the
entry between the oﬂice and the mill proper. Then
he proceeded to make sundry preparations he had
ﬁgured on for catching Morris Dean at the right "
moment and showing him for what he was-—-A
night chief. His Ian was quite original in it:

_A
;~i

way, and was rea y not necessary under the cir- x 1’:

cumstances, but it pleased Jack to trap his man
after his own ideas. He took a long,'thin line and
made a running noose at one end. Leaving the ,

noose lying on the ﬂoor of the oﬁce near the safe 

he passed the other end through one of the sqiianj
holes in the brass ton of the oﬂlce partition. and
then a yard from that int he

the line dangling on the inside of the partition.

“That- isn't a bad thief-catching trap." he_said. ‘~’ "

with a grin, surveying the arrangement with a

critical eye. “The next thing will be to see if it « '

5-’

works to suit my taste.”

- He blew out the lamp and_ placed it on a _
desk, then he went to the window overloolun ,tll 
street to watch for the comin of Morris 5
The oﬁce clock struck eleven fore there was a :
sign .01’ a human -being onjthe street, then _
the corner came two shadows that prese  re- 1'
solved _ was into Morris and his _ 
Nelson Spavinger. They. aused within a fox T‘
feet of the window where looking ad, ,
and held a ﬁnal consultation, en _ : .
tinned on downthe street and Morris _ g T
him for a minute ortwo. He saw the 

4

passed it b ,. it‘
through another similar ole, leaving the end ’ »-

»,
F

‘.
W

 

 

T}
at
' l

 

4i

  
 

   
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   

outside and stand in front of Mr. Spav_inger_,
‘that was his signal to.get busy. Jack in the
nwhile had taken up his post under\the near-
deskto the safe, whence he c0,11ld keep 3 Shaft!
- on the faithless clerk's movements When he
- down to business, and yet would be screened
« -observation by a couple of tall stools which
‘had arranged for that _purpose.
Presently a key rattled in the lock of_ the street
5-1‘, which opened and then shut behind Morris
, Going to the cashier’s ‘tall desk,_ the very
under which'Jack was hiding, he tried a cer-
drawer, and found it locked, as he expected it
' d be He was prepared for such an emer-
'. Taking a piece of_ steel from his pocket
serted it into the crevice of the drawer, close
the lock, and exerted force enough ya snap the
oﬁ. He then opened the drawer,’ looked m-
_ and took out a key and_ a slip of paper. He
.--.. .. .. the aper in the light of the lamp. Ap-
“ ’ tly satis ed he had ‘obtained what he want-
.he laced the lamp on the ﬂoor near the safe
In light ‘would shine right on the combination,
then, with the contents of the paper for a
.. he set to work to open the safe.
ack watched him closely as he worked, and at
- saw Morris grasp the round steel knob and
. open the safe door. Then Dean stopped and
~  attentively. Feeling reassured. be_ai>-
the key he had_»_taVken_from the cashier’s
_ erto the keyhole of the inner steel compart-
, whc-Fe the money he was after lay. It was
 work of a moment for him to open this
‘ ‘ . Then he grabbed one of the packages of
‘ examined the denominations and thrust it
‘ an inside pocket of his jacket. He was about
Hose and lock the steel inner door, having se-
. /as much money as ‘he wanted, when the

_. h under the desk took a‘ hand in the pro-
 softly'as a shadow from his hiding
. » theioy tip-toed over to the spot where the
“ lay within a foot ‘or two of the kneelin
1 Jack ﬂung the noose over the tliief's hea ,
it fell around his arms. Seizing the other
otvthe ‘line, he pulled it taut, drawing Dean
. ' e .
‘$5’ °§1§i.§ia Eslggyf and in rushed the

 . -~ ' ° I or ill hand f d.

E ' «#4, !'1’ei'.ih:lyeéx(i:‘1l:iiiiIed in onse v°¢>rivc?.rin

’t,‘ gurprlse, while captured clerk. ‘
' 'jnvain_to'escape frpm thenoose which

in _a vise-like grip, lookedat them with

" '.i‘;“°,-‘-"::ia Jack “just hold this line,
 malt ' .gleinch'I*m¢oingt<_:
 tohtanager Born . roe of YOU.

.  “ Out 90 the ‘SW .3nd~s¢¢“Y¢ M1‘-
, . . en brilll MP‘ in here-" ‘
rang" up Mr. Burnaide's home and connect-

.;» ﬂseinina [who had gone to bed.

_ ' .‘gver to e oﬁc€, Sir, said the boy. "A

has broken into youroﬂlce safe and we have
> ‘ ‘I n n \ ..,

igomg I ‘ ht ,” replied—th ..ma 1'.
 _teI:;.hxone- for a ooupl: of polio! e-

 
 

  
  

 
 
  

this aﬂair, too?” .

  

 

plice._ Hardly had he hung up the receiver before
there was a noise in the entry and presently Mr.
Spavinger was led into the oﬂice by the mill hands
and the watchman. When his eyes rested on Mor-
ris Dean pinned up against the wire partition, his
face livid with consternation at the predicament
he was in, the-sport's heart failed him. He saw
that a screw had worked loose in the clerk's little
scheme. and realized that the .V'<)un man was in
a serious scrape. As soon as Mr. pavinger saw ‘
thalt Jack Clyde was running things, he appealed
to im.
“Why am I treated in this high-handed manner.
young man?”' he demanded, with an appearance
of viituous indignation. “Somebody -will have to
pay for this outrage."
“You have been taken charge of because you
are this chap's accomplice in his attempt to rob
the office safe of this mill," replied Jack.
‘At that juncture Mr. Burnside. the manager,_
came in at the door. His brow clouded when he
saw the open safe door. .
“Well, Clyde," he began, “ho
Then his eye rested on the prisoner pinned to
the partition. _
“Morris Dean!” he exclaimed in utter amaze-
ment. “Why, what does this mean?” '
“It means, sir," replied Jack, “that we caught _
Dean Q1 the act of taking money from the safe."
“Impossible!" gasped Mr. Burnside.
“It is the fact, sir. He has a package of money
on his person,at this moment, which I saw him
take from the inner compartment of the safe. Be-
fore he could get any more I ﬂung a noose about
him and yanked him up against the partition.” .
“Morris Dean,” said the manager-_ walking up, ‘ V p
to him, “have you taken money from that safe 
to-night?“ _ , ' ‘
The unfortunate young man made no reply to
this question, but his face proclaimed his guilt.
and Mr. Burnside could only draw one conclusion
—that the son of Matthew Dean, one of the most
respected of Northbridfge’s retired merchants, was
indeed a detected thie .

ii

” ,

CHAPTER VI.—Morria Dean and Mr. Spavinger

Are Both Held for Trial. ' .3..-

‘.‘Let him loose,” said Mr. Burnside, with a sor-
rowful expression on his countenance. and Andy
Blossom dropped the end of, the line. .,

_Tlie inapagei-_re_l1eyed Morris of the noose, put
his hand into his inside pocket and drew out the
package of bills. _ -

“I am truly pained to ﬁnd the son of Matthew-
Dean in such a compromising situation," he said,
I'98I‘¢t-fI11Y- “Have you any explanation to oﬂfer 
for u‘;-d?in{lhuct?" d .  ‘
“ n _ e IEOBBI,"-l'8Dh'0d Morris, oggodly,-  .
"I needed it more than I ever wanted anything X y, ‘
in lily lifefbefcére. Eat’: all there ilsf to it.” .

“ am a mi ve yourse into a very
serious scrape. ﬁburz-is: ow you will be able -to, ‘ ,
xetoutofitl cannotevenguessatthiamoment."-’ 

Then turning to Jack he said: ‘ ,4

“Who is this other person? Is he  in, .- V

 

      
  

   
  

     
 
     
  

    

         
 

“Yes. sir. He's Dean’: accomplice.”
f'Do you  man, Hath?“

   

   
  

    

 

“I do,” replied the clerk.
“3What is his name?” ’
“Nelson Spavinger.” _

' “Is he connected with you in this affair?’f _

) 0 “Yes, sir; he’s the whole cause of my being in
=r‘ this scrape,” blurted out the young man.

 "You lying young villain!” roared the turfy
gentleman, starting forward with the evident in-
tention of striking the clerk in the face.

Jack, who was standing near, interfered and
grasped his upraised arm. At that moment the
1“ . two police oﬁicers appeared at the door, and Mr.
Spavinger considered it the part of prudence to
subside. Mr. Burnside reluctantly ordered one
of the oﬂicers to take charge of Morris, and then
pointed out Mr. Spavinger to the other. ,

“I give them both in charge," he said. “Take
them to the station—house. I will follow presently
and make the charge against them.”

 
 

 

  

  
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
      
   
     
        
  

oners and led them away. Mr. Burnside returned
the money to the safe, relocked it and put the
key in the inner compartment in his pocket. ,
“I am at a’ loss to understand how you and the
other mill hands happened to be on hand here at
the very moment you were needed to save the com-
pan 3 property," he said, turning to Jack.
“ will give you the whole story on the way to
the stationhouse, sir,” replied the boy. _ ”
“Very well. I shall be glad_to.hear It.‘ .’ .
The four mill men were dismissed, with the
ma r’s thanks for their services, the oﬁco was
locked up, and then Mr. Burnside, acc_om anied
by Jack and Andy, started for the station-‘ ouse.
. . on the way Jack told the manager about his ad-
 venture of _the previous _night' at the old shanty.
= “Why did you not inform me this morning
about this matter so I could have taken measures
to prevent this lamentable aﬂair. By tskinz this
thinﬁeinto r own hands you have ruined Mor-
ris au’s e career. He will certainly be sent
to prison, as the evidence against him is as clear

as Ii ht." ,
‘S y g I thought best in the matter, sir.

"I acted as . _
Had you taxed Dean with the c templated crime
enied it. My un-

he would most certainly have .

supported word would have 52:: for nothing. In
fact, I think I would have shown up in a
bad light. myself. The‘ only way that I could see
to prove my statement was to lay for him and
catch him in the act. This I have done. It is
Dean's own funer-al—not mine-—that he chose to
engag¢_‘in such a criminal enterprise."

. “I don't see that he's entitled to sympathy any

«T,

"’ An . “He's sot ev ployee
 “:5? ggainst him since heﬂse em time-
»k r by his mean tacticsnat 3-he 23?-¢-”

' don I: understand you, said the manager.

 
 

‘non An dod t nlightenhun concern-
 ,Dun:.ayqu’erst.l::abl_e ‘inichods withhttlée girls
~_ . they;-eachedthegateamomen '
 "Why wosn’t this reported to me?” asked ,the
ringer. - . T. ' 0
 there isn’t a talebearer in the mill-—
, ' P1931? y-
 ‘ » V _ was by the manager
: ‘ Kori-is Dean and Nelson Spavinger, and
~ ‘ were locked up in separate for
The police court was crowded next morn-
‘ was well known, in North-
large circle of acquaint-

  

  

RISINGA Ibl. THE WORLD

- The policemen slipped handcuffs on their pi-is-.

for an eligible site to open a retail store, and -110 i‘

' ping, and found that the man was juettygoluc

   

After two or three minor cases had been dis-
posed of, Dean and Spavinger were brought into_
looking considerably the worse for their 2..ght’s
lodging in a common cell.

The prisoners both pleaded not guilty, Morris
doing it on the advice of the lawyer provided to
look after his interests by his father. Jack Clyde
was, of course, the star witness at the examina-
tion, andihe gave his testimony in a clear and con-
cise way. Audy Blossom, the night watchman,
and the four mill hands, gave their evidence in
turn. The case against Morris was clear beyond '
a doubt, and he was held for trial at the next term
of the circuit court. Mr. Spayinger’s connection
with the attempted robbery would hardly have
been established had not Morris testified directly
against him. The,sport endeavored to make his
dupe out a li , but did not succeed, and as a con- '
sequence he was also held as Dean’s accomplice. 

Both were admitted to bail, Mr. Spavinger?s ,
being placed as low as $1,000, but as no one came
forward to go his security he had to go back‘ to
his cell, while Morris went free on'a bond signed
by his father and another gentleman. A few days
later the Board of Directors of the Northbridge.
Cotton Mill held a special meeting, at which Jack - ~
Clyde was voted the thanks of the company and‘ '
the sum of $1,000 for his services in preventing .
the robbery of the safe and bringing the criminal ~. ~,
to frustice. . p '\

CHAPTER VII.—Making Mode}. 4‘ A

Jack Clyde was the happiest boy ,in the mill 
when he left the manager’s oﬂice with the com- 3
pany’s check for $1,000 in his pocket. There was ._:.*’ a
joy in the little cottage on the Northbridge  .j,
that night when our young hem displa ed the ’
check before the wondering eyes of Aunt ue and 
his cripple sister Gertie. 

“What are you going to do with it, Jack?” asked ._
Gertie, with sparkling eyes. “Put it in the bank?’ i

“I might open a store with it,” her brother an- ‘M.’
swered. 

The fact of the matter was Jack bad unexv
pectedly discovered a chance to make a stake by
shrewd dealing. He had heard that a hardware,
store on one of the most prominent comers of 
Main Street would soon be for rent. The man who
had run it for years had lately died and the widow. - ,
was going to sell the stock-in-trade and ﬁxture-a r . E.
at auction, and dispose of the, lease, which had 
three years yet to run. This fact would have had
no interest for Jack but th t he knew an agent of‘
the National Tobacco Tru was in town looldng_

  

judged the corner in question would suit him to «

a .
So Jack made a break at once for _the widow ,
who held the lease and asked her what she would 
take for it. She told him $600; 
“I’1l give you $25 for the refusal of it for. two
days at that- a,” said J sck, promptly.
he lady objected to such a small amount. .
finally the compromised on $50 for a seven day's
option. he boy handed her, the money and
signed the option. He rushed of at once’ to 

hotel where the tobacco trust's agent was sﬁﬂw

   
      
     
  
 
      

   
 

I I’

 

 opera house that evening. Jack lost
' g him‘an offer of the lease of the

   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
    
 
   
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
  
   
   
   
 

 “Who do you represent ‘."’ asked the agent,
" growing interested at once, for the corner was
" just what he wanted. “I was not aware that
location was for rent.” ~

“I represent myself,” replied Jack, with some
dignity. “I control the lease of the store for the
next three years. The rent is $60 monthly as it
" stands. I will sell you the lease for twelve hun-
dred dollars’ cash, or I will sub-let the. store to you
for one year at one hundred dollars a month, with
privilege of renewal at the same rent for the rest
of the term covered by the lease."

“When will the store be vacant?"

“You can have possession on the iirst of the
.month." .

“-I'll give you one thousand dollars for the
lease,” said the agent.

Jack shook his head. '

“I can do better than.that with a man who
wants to establish a drug store on that corner.”
“I'll go down therewith you and- look the store

i-

“All right,” replied Jack.
. The agent was pleased with the store and de-
cided -to head off the drnggist by agreeing.to the
.'-ggfs terms. ‘ Jack gave him a written agreement
-~. ' . turn the lease over to him on the following eve-
«. ning, and the agent paid him one hundred dollars
" /on account. The man then went on to‘ the Opera
House while Jack paid a -visit to the widow. He
paid her the six_hundred dollars and she trans-
~1erred the lease of the corner store to him. Next
evening he met the agent at the hotel and com-
‘ pleted the deal, pocketing a proﬁt of six hundred
dollars by‘ the transaction. He was now prepared
',to buy the cottage and ay all the cash for it
which would leave him’ our hundred dollars to
' put in the bank. I It happened, however, that next
*‘ morning he noticed an advt. in the morning's
paper of a much better house with more ground,
that was offered at a bargain to close out an es-
tate. The following day being Sunday he and
“his aunt went around and looked at it.

: It was a very desirable place, and dirt cheap
at at twenty—ﬁve hundred dollars. , \
» “We'd r take it, auntie," he said. -
,“It’s too _'g for us, Jack,” she objected. "Be-
’ tides you've only got sixteen hundred dollars, and
(would be obliged to put a mortgage on it. That
‘wouldcost us ﬁfty dollars a year in interest. Now
,1&» cottage on Northbridge road you cou get
’-free and clear and ’still_have several hand to
“draw interest in the saving bank. _ his is a very
- ﬁne place, and I have no doubt it is cheap, but it
is foolish for you to buy it. I think.”
~ “Auntiegl see is speculation in this." said Jack.
."!'ll bet I could resell this property at a profit
_ re you even took title to it. This house is a
snap at twenty-ﬁve hundred dollars. It's worth
fifcnr thousand dollars if it's worth a dollar. I
aﬁtft believe in losing such a chance. Here's a
‘Wu and lady coming to look at it now.
can run around to the lawyer's hoiisei and tell
we'll take the’. property. You _can pay him
hundred dollars down._ He'll give you a re-
’ .dIﬁed yesterday to make it’legal. You can
tlie contract any day next week you like,

9,.

.1

 

_RISING IN THE WORLD 9

and pay him’ four hundred more. It will take
thirty days, I guess. to have the title passed upon,
and during that interval we may have an oﬁer
to take the contract oil’ our hands. If not you
can buy the property as soon as the title is shown
to be all right. and then I'll advertise the place
for sale at.whatever price I think it ought to
bring."

Whatever Jack said always went with his aunt.
for she had the utmost conﬁdence in his business
sagacity, boy though he was, so they went around
to call on the lawyer who had charge of the prop-
erty. The lawyer accepted the one hundred dol-
lars, gave his receipt therefor and promised to
have the contract ready in a few days for Mrs.
Frost to sign at his oﬁice. That evening a gen-
tleman called at the Frost cottage. Jack recog-
nized him as the escort of the lady they had seen
looking at the house just as they left for the
lawyer's. He had cﬁled, he said, to see if Mrs.
Frost would take five hundred dollars for her op-
tion on the property.

“No, sir,” replied Jack, speaking up, “we have
a bargain in that property. It is easily worth
four thousand dollars, just as it stands.”

“Nonsense!” exclaimed the visitor, with a frown.

“Ver_v_well, sir. Then we won't argue the mat-
ter. I wouldn’t advise my aunt to take a cent less
than twelve hundred dollars for her option.”

“Then we can’t do business," said the gentleman
rising and taking his leaye.

On the evening of the day Mrs. Frost signed
the contract the gentleman called again, and after
some dickering oﬁered one thousand dollars for
the option.

“We'll let you havp an answer in a day or two,"
replied Jack.

“I think you ought to have accepted his offer,
Jack,” said Aunt Sue, after their visitor had de-
parted. “He might change his mind."

“I'll risk it," grinned Jack. I

Next day Mrs. Frost got a letter from the law-
yer saying that he could get her ﬁfteen hundred
dollars for her option if she cared to accept it.

“Take it." said Jack, when she showed him the
letter that night." . -

Two days later Mrs. Frost received a check
from the purchaser, not the gentleman who had
dickered with them, for two thousand dollars.
which included the ﬁve hundred dollars she had
paid on the contract, and Jack found himself
worth thirty-one hundred dollars--twenty-one
hundreddollars of which he had made in less than
a month through a shrewd use of the one thousand
dollars he had received from the mill company.

“I guess you'd better buy the cottage up th
mad HOW. auntie," he said that evening. I

“Are you sure that you won't change your mind
to-morrow?” she asked with a smile. ' .

“Lguess not. I have no more irons in the ﬁre
at present.” .,

_‘‘Well, after buying the cottage you'll still have
nineteen hundred dollars to your credit in the
bank." ‘ v —

“Yes. That ought to be enough to see me
through my next scheme,’ he replied, putting on
his hat, for he had promised Bertha he would call
on her that evening. . « » ‘ V- » f

 

 

     

VCHAPTER VIII.——The strike.

 

It soon began to be whispered about among the
is girls on the fourth ﬂoor of the mill that Flora
% ‘_ ‘ Watson had become very thick with David Job-
? kins, the foreman of her section. Every one knew
that J obkins had been making up to her for some
time, but'without any more success than he had
had with Bertha Garland, for Flora had always
shown a decided preference for Morris Dean. Now
since Morris had got into such serious trouble
Flora changed about and began to favor the fore-
- .man. At least it seemed that way to the other
girls. As a matter of fact, however, Flora had a
urpose in view, and she expected to accomplish
it through Jobkins, whom she really did not care
for even a little bit. Jobkins readily fell into the
trap, He was quite infatuated with Fl0!‘a; and
was.Willing to do most a hing, to make himself
solid with her. He ha not the faintest idea
that the girl was meeting Morris on the sly
two or three evenings a week. On one of these
occasions she grew quite conﬁdential with him.
“Do on know," she said, “I can’t bear that
Jack Cyde. I can’t understand what the girls
see in him to rave about him as they do. They
actually say he's the best looking boy in town,”
tossing her head disdainfully. _ _
“They’re away oﬁ their perch.’ replied Jobkins.

’ “For my part I hate the chap. I wish I could ﬁnd
some excuse for givin’ him the bounce."

“Isn't there any way we could get him out of
the mill?” she asked. '

.“Not that I know of.” he answered.

“I've heard there is likely to be trouble. at the
mill over the new rules that go into effect next

a week,” she said after a pause. ‘. I ,
A ‘"1 reckon there will be,” nodded .Jobkins, signiﬁ-
» cantlly. ' _

— ‘ “T e men are holdingnieetings on the subiect,
I think, and are trying to get the girls over on
their side.’l I .

~, .. ,!"l‘hat’p ,right,” ‘admitted the foreman. _

“Do you think there's ariy possibility of a big

I strike? ' .- _ . ‘ ,

“‘Yes,_ I think there is if the nlanagement doesn t

haul in its horns." .

“I heard Bertha Garland saw to-day that she's
‘ 7opposed to having trouble with the company."
3 “She is, eh ‘.”' replied Jobl<1,nS- - “'30. You think
. ‘ she’d turn scab if we all went out?
._ “I think she's just that kind of'a 'creature,"
’ -* repl Flora, spitefully. “And she isnt the.onlY
one either that would do it.” .
3" “Who are the others?”
.. Flora mentioned a score of names. _ .
_ « ' V‘ “-Confoundthe women!” snarled Jobkins. “They
* . are always for takin’ the"brea<'i'out of a mans

' 2 month." ‘ ,

I It was quite true that there was trouble brew-
._ing in the Northbridge Cotton Mill over the new
‘ and rather stringent. rules about to be introduced

lihu 8331-». t '
b’A,e muﬁttee had-waited on Mr. Burnside and
at the reply he made to-the

3’ objected toithenabyb _ About
' . «A no cans resssnnn .

 11 m  tad-Aqsfinstthe

 whiierthe other thﬂdwfblﬂﬂy

ash 1 girls who were the

 
 

  
  
      
      
 
  

        
    
  
  
  

   

     

   
 

aiiida wdreede

   

 

RISlI*lG IN THE WORLD

by the kickers and not go to the mill. The—hoyi' '_

[neighborhood of the mill that morning and -~- 
,a number of impromptu meetings at which 

, made. Most of the girls who had been indnadi

had stood by the company and thus retain . -n

, extr¢'n,1eto bring the com
jonrnod to ,3 near

   
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
     
  
     

main support of their families and brothers and
sisters, objected to taking any ‘-actiorf that would
interfere with their employment. Jack and Andy,
decided to stand by the company if there was any
trouble. On Friday night the kicking hands held 9
a meeting to arrive at a ﬁnal decision as to what
they were going to do.- After a stormy discussion I
it was voted to send the manager an ultimatum
in the morning, giving him to understand that if’
the new rules were. to be enforced they would quit ,.
work. Manager Burnside handled the Ultimatum .
Committee without gloves. He told them that};
every employee who failed to report on Monday;
morning without a valid excuse must consider
themselves discharged, and that their places wanki-
immediately be filled with outsiders. -‘This standlég
taken by the manager angered the kickers and’,
another meeting was called for that night. At‘
this meeting inﬂammatory speeches were‘ made
and the motion to stay away in a body on Monday
morning was carried unanimously amid great on
thusiasm. - ,

At half—past six Monday morning Jack Clyde“:
and Andy Blossom left their homes as usual to
go to the mill. When they reached the corner of‘
the block in which the mill was located they were ',
stooped by two of ‘the seceded hands who had  ,
told off as pickets, and who asked them to stand '

  
  

refused to 'oin the strikers, and-as they moved
were calle “scabs” by their late associates. "
’ “We don’t care what you call us," retorted I
“It isn’t a question of wages or am union Drin-
ciple that's involved in this matter. 'I'he company ‘
has the right to make new, rules if it chooses. -
so long as they're within reason [can’t see.wh
you'fellows go to such an extreme as s ' vv '

You're making a mistake.” «, ‘ - _ _
with hoots, so he _'

   
  
   
   
 
    
     
     
         
    
   
       

    

His words were received
Andy went on and reported at the gate.

CHAPTER I}i.‘—What Bertha Heard in 4’
the Shanty.

Nearly all of the kickers assembled in 

  

situation was canvassed and a few as

‘.44 g

  
  

join the ranks of the inalcontents were disconn-
aged by the outlook, and a large proportion‘
them applied at noon for their 0 d jobs, hutgw
 that the company had all the help it ' -- g i
a resent. During the day the manager _ ~v
lo gings for the new hands, and the prospect  ‘
the strikers looked mighty gloomy. They felt’. . 
bitter against those of their late associates 1 _

  
  
   
  

    
   
      
     
  

  

       
 
  
  
  

positions in the mill. David Jobkfns
into one of the most violent‘ of the kicker-s.~’ ' I
he saw that their cause was practically 
tried to incite the mob to some act of violngeg
might frighten the new hands into shaking
jobs. Jobkins, however, found a few .e a»
spirits who expressed their readiness to ti;
' ny to 

. to  =.

   
  

  
   
   
     
     
  

_ _ V ban-oom
was decided to I

    

» —i'ngenious»mechanic, said he would put together an
 infernal machine, with clock-work attachment,

‘- which would do the business. The half-dozen con-
“1 spirators then adjourned to meet again next day.
.7; A man lounging about the same saloon next
~.-morning overheard Jobkins threaten to do up
- Jack Clyde at the first chance lte could get. This
man's daughter was employed at the mill, being
one of those who had not gone out on strike.
When he got home that night he told his daughter
to warn the boy next day. The girl. however.
thought the matter serious enough to demand im-
mediate attention. As she lived only a‘ short dis-
tance from Bertha Garland’s home. and knowing
that Jack Clyde called on Bertha quite often. she
ran over to the Garland house to tell Bertha abput
Jobkins' threat.

' Bertha was vei-y.,much alarmed for the safety
of the boy she thought s5 much of. and thanking
her friend for bringing her the ominous intelli-
/gence she put on her hat ‘hnd down the
road to the Frost cottage, intending to warn
Jack. Aunt Sue and Gertie Clyde were surprised,
though none the less pleased, to see Bertha,
whom they thought a good deal of. It was the
.ﬁrst time the girl had ever called to see Jack.
and» as she looked worried when Aunt Sue said
that the boy was not at home. Mrs. Frost sur-
mised there was something more in her visit than
—. appeared on the surface. Bertha. however. not
 wishing to worry Jack's relatives. evaded an

‘ gplanation of what had brought her to the cot-
ge. '
“He went back to the mill after supper," said
-Aunt Sue. , -
“The mill is not running at night.” replied
Bertha in surprise. -
“I know," answered Mrs. Frost: “but Manager
.. -‘ Burnside wanted to see Jack in the oflice. I 
 lieve he intends to promote him to a higher posi-
‘ tion—in fact I think Jack is going to take the
‘place in the oﬂiceformerly held by young Dean."
 When Bertha left the Frost cottage she de-
”" cided. notwithstanding that it was a lonesome walk
in the darkness. to go to the mill. and if she
saw ajight in the omce to wait until Jack came
‘out: for she feared Jobkihs and some of his
cronies might be aware of the boy's presence at
‘the mill. in which event it was not impossible
ﬁiat they would lie in wait for him on his way
bine. It wasn't every girl that would have had
 courage to undertake that walk. ‘for the
‘ ‘mill was situated in a sech'on_of the town that
was thinly built ulon. and. consequently. wore a
deserted and gloomy aspect at night.
. suddenly she -stopped. The sound of men's
voices ‘fell on her ea:-—voices deep and _gruﬂ.
_Whoever the men might be she had no wish to
meet them. She knew the road well. for she

"passed over it twice a day. and remembered that
i‘- there was an old shed a,little way ahead in which
‘she could conceal herself. _ -
 It stood back a dozen «yards or_‘so from the
"xaaaad, and she hastened her steps in that.direc-

. .tion. She ﬂew up the well worn path’ that led
»,~wtc & shed. and had just time to gain the door-

pay. what she made out the ' outline of three
' . Instead of keep-

 

   
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 

coming along the to

xraight on as she expected they would. the
.— i ,te,her great dismay. turned into ‘the path
x  towardiheshed. Bertha had only time

.. 1

 

RISING IN THE WORLD

11

to shrink back in a corner of the place before the
men entered the building.

There was_nothi'ng in the place but a heap of
hay, and as it was close to where she stood. she
determined to get behind it. Little by little she
managed to crawl behind the pile of fodder and
crouch down. Then she began to listen intently
to what the men were saying. thinking they were
on the lookout for Jack. But Jack's name wasn't
mentioned. The three men had something of
more importance on their hands at that moment.
She found they were awaiting the appearance of
a comrade.

“What time ‘was Jackson to be here?” asked
one of the men. ‘

_ “He ought to be here now.” replied Jobkins.
in an-impat.ient.tone. “I can't imagine what's
keepin' him.”

“He'll bring the machine with him, won’t he ?"

“What good would it do for him to come with-
out it?” growled the foreman. '

“I s'pose Jackson 11 plant it himself. won't
he ?" said the first speaker. ‘He ought to know
best how to handle such ticklish things.”

“Don't worry, Mike Clancy, you won’t be asked
to do it." answered the foreman with a sneer.
“You and Briggs will have enough to do to keep
your eyes skin_ned for the watchman while Jack-
son and me attends to the real work."

“Where are you going to put it ?” asked Briggs.

“In the engine-room. and after the eigplosion
there won't be any work done in the mill for the
next month or two." said Jobk-ins with an evil
laugh, which was echoed by his companions.

“Hush!” cried Clancy at this point. “Some one
is coming.”

There was silence in an instant, and Bertha‘
heard a heavy tread approaching the shanty.

“It’s Jackson," said Briggs.

“What's been keepin' you?" growled Jobkins
when the newcomer entered the hut.

“_I was down at the mill spyin' around.
a light in the manager’s oﬂice.”

“I wonder what he's doin’ there ?” said_ the

foreman. . . A
to that young shaver. Jack

I saw

“He was talkin’
Clyde,” replied Jackson.

_“I’d like to get hold of that little monkey to-
mght,’ said the foreman. “I've a good sized
grudge I'd like to settle with him."

“He ought to be gout’ home soon." chuckled
_C1ln¢Y-  might la!’ for him on the road
if you think you've the time to spare. We'll
help you catch him if you want. and help thump
him, too. We all owe him somethin' for stickin'

thy t1;e company. and helpin'to do us out of our

Jobs.
“Aye. that we will." agreed Briggs. “He needs
a lesson that he won't soon forget.’ '
_‘‘He’ll get it. don't you fear, whether it’s to-
night or later on." said Jobkins, angrily. “And
he'll~get it good if I've got anythin’ to say about
it. I mean to put him out of budness so he won’t
do no more work in that mill. or ‘anywhere else
for that matter." ' . »
He spoke with such a malicious intensity that
Bertha’s blood chilled with apprehension for
Jack’: safety. She must and would try to save
him at any hazard. _
“Oh, blast the boy!-” interjected Jackson. ‘Let’;
get down to business." . ~

\ ‘ .-'

 

  

    
   
  

* 'Well,” said Jobkins,.“did you bring the ma-
W 1 chine?” ‘
1  “Of course I did. It's under my jacket."

“How do you set it oﬁ ?.”

“It toes oﬁ' itself.” ' _ _

“What!” cried the other three, beginning to

back away from him. 9

Jackson laughed.

A “Don't be afraid. It won’t go off now. Do you
take me for a fool to put my lifein danger carry-
in’ it around with me? . It’s as harmless as a
ring-dove at the present moment,” and he drew
it forth from its place of concealment. “It’s got
/to be wound up before it becomes dangerous.”_

“It goes olf4_by clockwork, eh?” said Briggs. ’

“That's what it does.” replied Jackson. “Its

my own invention.” _ _
’ “After on wind it up how long before it

. ,goes of? inquired Clancy. _

I ‘jI’ve. got it timed for twenty minutes. 'I'hat'll

.;n've us time enough to get _a long way from
 themill if we don’t lag. Did you Rel} some-
thing that'll answer for a jimmy to break mt!) the
engine-room?” be asked the foreman.

a “sure I ‘ .” '
Where is it?" _

“Hid behind the straw‘in yonder corner. .

At those words Bertha’s ehefrt nearly stopped
 with terror. If the article they Wanted
;wu_-‘behind the fodder pile, as soon as Jobkms
.wentto get it‘ he would be sure to discover her
» concealed there. Whatthen‘ would be the con-
< “sequence? . ‘ - s

c.

 

C 0 »'
CHAPTER X.—-Jack -In the Tails.

“Hark!” cried Clancy in a low tone at this
' moment. . : ‘

-.'Sounds like a boy whistlin’.” said Briggs.

“I911 bet it’s Jack Clyde on his way home fl‘°m
the mill,” chipned in Jackson. A _ I‘

“Then we'd better nab him," said J obluns. We
can tie him and leave him in this shanty till
 we've planted the ‘bomb. then I'll come back
4 and ' ‘J ‘ "

My _ :9 his case. i
 K“! ~i"M\"5you." ‘replied Clancy. “Two of us
‘ ‘till bfenough to capture the cob.” '
7 So Jackson and Briggs remained in the shanty
while Jobkins and Clancy departed on their
 Bertha shivered with fear at fate
that awaited Jack. She waited with ‘ ed
aliention for further deve ovments. In a‘ few
tntputes the 1' eman and anew; returned. dres-
“" Jack -lyde ’between then! u
 on pair of cowtardsl” roared the boy. What
game 0 an a .
be-,g;,.,"Z"$,.’;’.’§o3°monke;’;7:‘3 gnarled the foreman.
‘Hang’: a bit of rope hangin"some.where against

  it down. Jackson. and help me‘ tie
ﬁ.n'p~ 1 3  ' _ , .
_m'pe»without striking a light‘.

x -'.—.~

  

  

  
  

   
  

   

. found the V
..-*5 ****....i*'. “...m9";...e*:°:*..‘:°“.:'.° M“ *°°%*:s.m:.‘:
_ e Dnsoner _
C lryiany‘ exertipns_o£.his_, L ohkms got
 ~ 1 ea: vicious

   
 
  
   
  

    
    
  
 
 

   
 

- msINc__*IN THE WORLD '

’ one might come in here while we're away.”. -

’ girl heard their feet trampling on the path which?

- saw no signs of the men. ‘

i do love him.

. right away."

‘handkerchief from across his‘ mouth.

“Y " h—e6lied. “0l’I.th , 
, {sea :3.‘ ¥i':i.a§.~°.« ‘bun shall 1 d.°i§ 1;?’ at
oose ."‘ ‘ . ., ~

kick is“ the 4

  
  
   
 

suggested Jackson. “The sooner we get the job
over the better itfll suit me.” ‘

“All right,” said the foreman. “I’ll get that
bar now.” ‘ 

“You'll need a light, won’t you ?” said Clancy. ~ '

/ “Not me. I-know just where ‘to put my hand
on it. There’s! too much straw’ lyin’ around
loose in this shack for me to strike a light.” ‘ ‘

As he"'spoke he started toward the pile of
straw behind which Bertha crouched.

‘It was a terrible ordeal for Bertha, for Jobkins‘
was groping within an inch or two of her, and 
yet astonishing to relate he did not seem at all
conscious of her presence. ' s 9

§‘0h! I’ve got it,” he exclaimed at last in a tone ii"
of satisfaction. ‘

He rose up with the "steel bar in ‘his hand. 
actually brushing» against Bertha’s dress. She 
drew a breatg. of relief as he moved away from 
the comer. he knew she had escaped discovery ~ ‘.
by the narrowest possible margin. ,

“We'd better throw some of the straw over,
that boy,” said Jackson. “You can’t tell but some « A

 
 
      
       
     
 

E‘:

 
       
 
        
      
       
  

 
     
       
  

   
  

“What's ‘the use of takin’ that trouble '."' L .
growled Jobkins. “Just shove him under it head .
ﬁrst. It won’t strangle him, and if it did i
wouldn’t make no difference anyhow. as far as
I'm concerned.” , , 1 _ ‘

.So ~Clancy and Briggs grabbed Jack by.
legs and pushed him into the pile‘ of straw, 
head coming‘ to a rest within l;ess.than<an inch -
of Bertha’s foot. ‘ ' _  .

“Now he’s safe.enough I’ll swear," chuckleglﬁ

Clam“ “Let's be 'oﬂ'.5f*

         
 
   

  

  
   
  

     
 

   
       
  

.“Good enough," replied Jackson.
The four men passed out of the door. and the

      
  

led to the road. She did not make a move 
utter silence reigned once more about the shanty,
thenshe stepped out from behind the straw 
ran to the door. Looking toward the road“ah9',

“They are gone.” she breathed. “Thank heaven
for that. Now to release Jack—dear Jack. how 1
I’d be willing to suffer anything.
forqhis sake. i wonder if he cares as much for
me . - .
' She ran lightly back to‘ the pile of straenani
began tearing it away with a feverish energy
that soon accomplished her purpose. Inaymos

ment or two she had the boy's face exposed. -311
could barely see the outline of his countenance.
in the dark as she bent do over him. and she
felt for the gang across his outh. ' 
“It is I. Jack, Bertha ‘Garland,’ she tallcetﬁ.
him in_a' rapid, almost hysterical whisper. so i
cited was she at the moment. “I’m going fast“
you, Jack. I'm going to get you loose At“.

. ' ~k 3*»
“Bertha. is it really you!” asked Jack, in. grﬁ
astonishment. as soonias she had removed the

        
  

  
     
     
  

   
    
    
     
 

  

  
    
    
 

      
  

   
      
 
       
 
    
  

     
  
   

  
   
  
 
  

“Put yourhand‘_in,my right
and you wiﬂzﬁndhmy jaekkmfe."

The-;hekvwas  powar y- eager-Iy._   _ y .‘
hI9w_Jackf_had_1n.ven‘'\ gnu. She did as;  women

  

" "Now you can cut the rest yourself better than
_ can.’ she said in a glad tone.
~? It didn't take the boy a minute to completely
ifree himself.
._- “Now, Bertha. tell me how you knew I was a
{prisoner in here 1"’ he asked her.
__ .“I knew it because I was hiding in this shanty
. ‘when David Jobkins and Patrick Clancy brought
you here. I could tell by their words and from
.-‘-the sound when they threw you on the floor and
' I could not tell whether I would be
_' able to help you or not. for I was_in a tremble
'1: lest they should ﬁnd me here. I dare not think
, ‘what they might have done to _me if they had."
 “But how came you to be here at all, Bertha?"
 asked Jack. wonderingly.
F. :_ ‘Martha Stebbings brought me .word to-night
;ét~~',tliat Mr. Jobkins had sworn to get even with
 on for reasons I cannot understand unless_ it is
 use you stuck to the company. I went over
.-‘ to your house to warn you. and found you had
 gone to the mill to see the manager. Fearing
—that Mr. Jobkins would learn of your where-
 gbouts, as it seems he did, and waylay you on
V. our way home. I _started ‘for the mill myself.
i,hen I got as far as this place‘; three men,_of
whom Mr. Jobkins was one, came along behind
' Elie. and to escape observation I rushed into this
gzghanty. To my alarm they came here. too."" .
'-w. ‘What a dear. brave girl you are. Bertha, in-
 terrupted Jack. with some enthusiasm. “And to
 think you dared venture down in this locality
. in the gloom of a dark night on my account! I
shall never be able to thank you enough,” he
added, ing his arm around her waist.
“Could do less for you, Jack. when I knew
’ you were in danger?

   
    
 
   

   
  
  
  
 
   

Didn’t you save me from
‘a frightful iniury. if not death, a short time
; ago? h,'Jack. I could not sit still at home
- and think of what mizht happen‘ to you through
‘ that man’s revengeful disposition.” _
 Jack drew the girl's unresisting form to him
*; and kissed her on the lips. _ _

“Oh, Jack!” she said in blushing confusion.

‘'That’s the only way I can truly thank you,
Bertha,‘ he said with a cheerful laugh. “But
_ ' go on. You had something more to tell me."
" ' ‘Jack. we must do something at once to save
the mill,” she cried.

‘Save the mill! What do you mean 7" he asked.
-- a bit startled. _ _
. “Those men intend to blow.) the engine-room
to-night." _ ' .
_ “Good gracious!" ejaculated the boy. “How do
 .'you know that?” y
«, . “I heard them talking about it before you came
I in the road. They have some kind of a clock-
§£ Work bomb that two_ of them mean to D1369 In
234' "the engine—room while the others keep on the

lookout for the night watchman-"

“Then they left here to carry out that terrible‘

.5 '°,b3ect.* did they?” cried Jack. excitedly.
’ ‘Yes "

‘» “I<ha've no time to lose. then} They have too
«much start now for me to head them oﬁ._ The
best I can do is to try and frustrate their de-
i sin somehow.’

‘ ' “You must take me with you. Jack. I dare

go home alone. I heard one of the men say

, . bomb was timed to go off in twenty minutes
-I , B was wound up.”

 then. Bertha. We can cut across lo 2

 

RISING IN ‘THE WORLb -

13

and_ save some time, You say that it is the
engine-room they propose to wreck ?"

‘Yes.’

“That would be a terrible disaster for the mill.
It would put it out of commission for some time
to come. We certainly must prevent such a
thing if we can."

They had run down the path and crossed the
road while speaking. Then Jack helped the girl
to climb the fence. and once over they started
at a rapid pace for the mill. 3 quarter of a mile
away.

4

CHAPTER XI.—The Explosion.

All was quiet in the vicinity of the mill when
they reached the block in which it stood.

“You had better stand in the shadow of the
ofﬁce doorway while I climb the fence and get
into the mill yard.” said Jack to Bertha.

She 'reluctantly agreed to do this when she
saw there was no other course for her to adopt.

“You must be very careful. Jack.” she begged
of him. “‘Don't let those men catch-you, and look
out that the bomb does not explode when you are
near it. Remember it is timed for twenty
minutes. If the men have already placed it and
gone away you have not many minutes to remove
i in.”

_ “I will look out. don't you fear, Bertha. I am
in no hurry to join the angels yet." with a
reassuring laugh.

Then he made for a point in the fence where
he thought he could get over. and inside of ii
minute he was in the yard of the mill. There
wasn't the slightest sign of the four men. The
yard was as silent as a graveyard. He drew-
near the engine-room, which was a brick ax-
tension to the main building, with great caution.
for he did not mean to be taken by surprise if
he could help himself. Suddenly he stumbled
overan object in the shadow of the mill. It was
soft. and seemed like a thing of life.

Jack bent down to examine it and found that
it was the night watchman bound and gagged.
In a jiffy the boy had his knife out and was
cutting the man's bonds. Then he removed the

g.

“Now, Harper.” said Jack, eagerly and earnest-
ly. “What about these men——there were four of
tl;!;.'i:—do you know whether they've left the place

“The rascals who put me out of business. you
mean ?' replied the watchman.

“Of course.’

“Y€S- The)’ left bi’-the gate about ﬁve minutes
ago. They broke into the engine-room. I think.
and were only a short time on the premises. What
their object was I cannot guess, as I had 3
good view of them when they went away, ‘and
§l1';:y1,did not seem to be taking anything with

“I should say not,” replied the boy. “They did
not come here to steal. but to blow up the engine-
room.” . .-
m“Blow up the engine-room!’ gasped the watch-

an. — .

“That's right.” replied Jack. “But there isn't
a minute to be lost if we are\to save the place _
and not get blown up ourselves. Come on. We

must ﬁnd the bomb they left there. Itiia timed - ’ ‘g

“e

: ,;''.z~~ .
 .-- ‘,‘-‘gs.

 

 z. ,1:  g  : ':. '  ‘Tar : '
. .  l._,

  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
     
    
   

'_14*

F
to explode in twenty minutes. and probably more
and not get blown up ourselves. ‘Come on. We
must move lively.”

Jack, withbut losing another moment in- ad-
ditional explanation, darted for the engine—room,
_a few yards away. The door, which the rascals
had forced. stood ajar and the boy pulled it
operﬁ” It was dark as pitch within. How could

remained to him, that infernal machine which
the scoundrels had placed somewhere in the
room? He must lightthe reﬂector-lamp the first
thing. As he put his hand in his pocket for a
match he heard a loud ticking not many feet
away. He thought it was the clock on the wall
until he- realized that the sound came from
the floor.
“That must come‘ from the‘ clockwork inside
. the bomb," he breathed. excitedly.
Hestruck the match and advanced toward the
spot whence the sound proceeded. He soon saw
a dark box-light object standing under the big
driving arm of the engine. The tick-tick
s d came from its interior. Jack's heart almost
stopped beating, and the perspiration came out
on his forehead as he gazed down on the men-
acing object. What if it went of in another mo-
ment or two where would ‘he and the engine be?
I But the- urgency of the situation caused the
5 ‘brave boy to throw oﬁ the benumbing sensation
that for a rnoqent paralyzed his limbs. Throw-
ing all thought of his personal safety to the winds
. K he swooped down on the bomb. Grabbing it in
f his two hands he started rapidly for the door.
— outside of which stood the watchman afraid to
enter. Then he dashed for the fence and with
a tremendouseﬂort he threw the bomb as far
over the fence as he could.
Hardly had it struck the ground when it e_x-
ploded with a terriﬁc report on the night air,
‘ seeming to split the very heavens with a deafen-
ing crash. .
The earth seemed to shake and totter under
Jack's feet,'and a section of the fence was blown
in upon him. _
He went down in the midst of the debris.
The watchman came running forward as he
crawled out from under the splintered timbers.
‘ “Are you hurt '."’ asked Harper.
’ T “No,” replied _Jack. after he had spit out a
mouthful of dust. “That explosion will alarm
V the town. but I must telephone the police and the
W ' manager just the same. Let me into the ofﬁce.”
 The watchman admitted him to the building.
The first thing Jack did was_ to run and throw
up one of the windows opemnt 0!! the Street
and look ut in order to let-Bertha. who 11843 heel!
. . terribly  by the force of the OXDIOSIOD,
V  that he was safe.’
r  he  to_the telephone and com-
municated with the police station ﬂrst. and after-
hpard with Hunger Burnside. who sanlhe would
Domeenght over. ~' . »
 the time the pohcereacbed the scene Mr.
f _' cor_neup._and Jack g_avelnm.afull
; tion of the situation, which was corrobo-
rated Bertha .

 .. ‘*"~thofaetthotxJaek‘had

he be able to ﬁnd. in the brief interval that .

‘CHAPTER XII.—-Jack rut. Throuah  

« Clyde acoordinkto their 11
angered

.* A  , —A,.‘ ._ _‘ . \__ ;—S,,_ ..s,_‘:

 

.» n1s1NG? IN THE WORLD’

vl
‘é

carried the bomb from’ the engine-room and?
thrown it over the fence. ~ ‘ 

The managers and the omcers. too, regarded
the heroic boy with undisguised admiration. '- 4

“You’ve got a wonderful nerve, Jack Clyde,‘ _
said Mr. Burnside. “You certainly saved the " ‘
engine-room and that end of the main building, "
but my heavens. lad, you took an awful risk!

If that infernal machine had exploded in your
hands there would not have /been enough left
of you to make a respectable funeral.”

“Well, sir, it was my duty to save the mill
if I could,” replied Jack. with the modesty of a ‘
true hero. “and I am glad that I succeeded.”

“Well, you've done the biggest thing that ever
happened ‘in this town.” replied the manager, _
“and you may rest assured the company will re- ':
ward you well for it. I wouldn’t have taken the —__.:
risk you ‘did for a cool million.” and the gentle- '
man wiped the perspiration from his fa
for he realized the gravity of the case.

“Can‘you furnish us with the identity of the
scoundrels at the bottom of this outrage ?" asked’ ' 3
one of the oﬂicers. .

“I can," replied Jack. “ y are men who ,
worked for some time in the mill before the ro- ’ i”“
cent trouble. The ring-leader is David Jobkins. _
The others are Patrick Clancy, Jim Briggs, and,_ ‘
Peter Jackson, If you get a hustle on you may . ,
be able to catch them, but I fancy they'll get out :1
of town as soon as they can.” ~

People attracted by the explosion began to oon- i
gregate in the neighborhood by this time. _‘

Nobody could guess the true cause of the w ,.
fearful sound which had disturbed and frightened
many of the inhabitants.

The general impression at first prevailed that
the boiler at the mill had blown up.

Jack escorted‘ Bertha to her home and 
continued on to his own. where he had quite an
exciting story to tell his aunt and Gertie.

They were both horriﬁed at the narrow escape
Jack had had for his life. The Northbridge Times  
had a sensational story about the explosion in
next morning's paper, and gave Jack Clyde full
credit for the part he played in the affair. -

People all over town praised the boy's courage,- ‘
and wondered at his nerve. ’ .

The president of the company came to the
mill next day. and personally shook the mill bo _
by the hand and c<'nended him in no uncertain
terms '

The police did not succeed in catching Jenkins ‘
and his accomplices anywhere in town, and it s ‘
gust‘ concluded that they had made tracks for

o on. »

On Friday there was a meeting of the .um:"
tors of the mill company. when resolutions prais-
ing Jack were passed unanimously. and the sun.
af ﬁvethousand dollars was voted him as In _
evidence of the company’: appreciation for.his~.}
signal services. ' -‘

  

,. ;~ . y . ‘>
...3;x:.«.._ i‘.-gm L..._...-.«....._ as An.

'4. .“,.‘ ‘  _
.4:sa2us‘.s.nua.ss;..‘sea.:mm.!..»,.=;;a..st2n.e¢

gr

   
  
    
 

Real Estate Deal.

Flora Watson was grievously disap '  ,_
cause of David Jobhilfo failure to  L
Showassurther Mthe‘knowie%vX?‘

_ ev ' 3 ’ . ‘ ,x ’ ’

L1,;

    
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
   

" ick had been installed in the position formerly
 - by Morris Dean.
_ Then on top of it all was the reflection that
. boy she hated had been presented with two
' wards aggregating’ six thousand dollars by
company, and that Bertha Garland had re-
'f ql. her position at the mill, while she (Flora)
3 » sacriﬁced hers.
 She had no sympathy for the ~ex-foreman, now
’ fugitive from justice. but she did grieve in
~ over the fate that faced Dean. about to be
‘ed for the attempted robbery of the oﬁice safe.
-1 She had hoped Jobkins would be successful
 putting Jack out of the way so he would not
I;= able toappear at the trial to testify against
>» jtlie ex-clerk. and now that expectation, was shat-

“  It seemed as if everything had worked against
“bq. and she was furious at the outlook.
 To make matters even worse. Morris Dean.
 , as we have already stated. was out on bail
while his less fortunate confederate. Nelson
jpspavinger, languished in jail because nobody who
' u ~ him had conﬁdence enough in .him to be-
home responsible for his appearance in court
when his trial came on, studiously avoided her
 the failure of their'joint plans to get the
of Jack Clyde. I _
V» In her endeavors to recover lost ground with
i. Dean she discovered that_Morris was making
lgresh attempts to get in with Bertha Garland.
Ff; ‘1 Althobgh there wasn't the slightest chance of
*5 his making any headway at all with the beauti-
 mi'll girl,‘Flora Watson, nevertheless. became

   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  

 might do her some dreadful injury.

‘ "I'd like to spoil her beauty for her. the
kussy.” gritted the angry girl. “I’d be willing
to go to jail to get square with her.”

 Finally she decided upon the ﬁendish trick_of
attacking Bertha. She bided her time, making
zuarded inquiries around among her friends and
A acquaintances. in an elfort to discover where she
could ﬁnd her supposed rival of_ an evening.
L Perhaps now that she was ‘In a position to
-gearrylbut her desperate" project her conscience
.: interposed. for she hesitated to put her plans into
execution.

_ , She kept gloating over the fact that the means

‘has within _her reach to do _up Bertha whenever
jli_e managed to screw her courage up to the
Qtickm' g poin .

‘It was about  that Jack Clyde carried
through another speculation. _
’ He was on very friendly terms with a certain

real estate man named Will Leslie. who
only lately established himself in North-

 ‘ ;::‘£i)n‘: evhninx, Leslie met Jack and told him con-
 ﬁﬁﬂly that the B. & M. I_!ailroad_ Company
.  going to build an _extension to its freight
"7 ,-which would take in all the ground as far
-* ' end of the block. _ ‘
 ‘f'l'he company has employed me to buy up
>r>?».t};2¢ property on the /tiuiet on the best _terms I
‘_.;Iq,n it for,’ remarked» Leslie. “It will prove
 thing for me when I send in my bill for
«‘ ' ' ens.’ »
_. tulate you on
H game you to connect‘!
 men in the town. I

‘f

   
  
  
  

getting such a snap.

should have

 

finsanely jealous of Bertha, and began to plot how.

There are several old :

i - s I RISING IN THE WORLD 15

thought the railroad company would have given
one of them the preference."

“Well, you see. I have a little pull. in a way.
An uncle of mine is on very friendly terms with
one of the directors of the road. and it was
through his efforts I was selected to do the busi-
ness.

“Have you started in to buy yet?" asked Jack.

“Yes. I've got about a quarter of the ground

secured. and expect to have options on the bal- *

ance b_y the end of the week."

“I suppose you haven't had any diﬂiculty about
securing the land' at a fair ﬁgure. have you ?”

"Oh, no. You see not one of the owners is on
to the fact that the railroad company is in the
market for the land."

“If they were wise to the real situation the
company would have to pay more to secure the
ground they want."

“'I‘hat’s right. they would. I hope you won’t
breathe a word I have told you about this thing.
It wouldn't be fair.” said Leslie, hastily, begin-
ning to realize that he had made a mistake in
telling Jack about the matter.

“Oh, I sha'n’t say a word about it, Leslie; but
I can't help taking advantage of the chance ybu
have placed before me to make a little haul out
of it myself."

“How do you mean?” asked the young real
estate man anxiously.

“Why, I bought the corner plot. 100x100. on
the comer of Cambridge Street and Railroad Ave-
nue three- weeks ago. The ground is practically
mine. for my aunt will take title next week. that
is unless the B. & M. Railroad will pay me a
handsome bonus for my option." grinned Jack.

“I see I made a mistake in being so conﬁdential
with you to—night,” Leslie said.- regretfully.

“Oh, I don't know," replied Jack. “I bought
that property to hold for a rise. 1 had sixty-nine
hundred dollars in the bank that I was looking
around to investin real estate, and it happened
that I picked that out and took it. I had no
idea the railroad company intended buying up
that ground until you told me just now} but even
if you had not conﬁded that fact to me I should
have held out for a good price anyway, as I
could well aﬁord to hold: that ground for some
years yet to come. You go on and buy the rest
of the ground and then come to me with a certi-
ﬂed check for ﬁve thousand dollars, and you can
have the property after my aunt has taken title.
Or if you prefer to take the option oil’ nw hands
as it stands you can have it any day this week
for three thousand dollars."

“But I didn’t expect to give over three thousand
dollars altogether, or thirty-ﬁve hundred dollars
at the outside.” protested Leslie,

,“Tll¢l1 1'!!! doinz you a favor in a way.» The
m°’° the °°mD9-DY has to D8)‘ for the property
the more commission you will make, won't you 2"

“That's true; but I am in honor bound to get
the ground at the lowest possible price."

“ Of course you are.” replied Jack cheerfully

and I have given you my bed-rock ﬁgure. If
the company doesn’t care to give it let them
build their fence so as to exclude my eprner.
They don't have to have it to make a yard. But

still I think it will pev them to make the deal.’
The result of the matter was that the railroad g

company agreed to pay Mrs. Frost ﬁve 

v., r-

 

 ~ '-\'l_z- »...*\ ':»:~.

16’

dollars for the corner plot, and. as Jack had pur-
chased it for twenty-ﬁve hundred dollars he made
a good thing out of the deal. »

 

CHAPTER )i'IIIJ-—'l‘he Fake Message.

L. In spite of the cloud which hung over Morris
 Dean, and the practical certainty that he would
= be convicted when his case came to trial. the
young man showed himself about town with con-
siderable bravado. He could be seen every after-
noon and night at the Northbridze Billiard Par-
lors playing pool with boon companions who had
no objection in the leastto his society. Where
he got his money from, now that he was not
working. was a mystery no one inquired into.
The general impression had been at ﬁrst that
his father, to avoid disgrace of his son's convic-
. tion, would encourage him to jump his bail; but
.so far there was no signs of Morris taking such
advantage of his liberty. Morris, however, didn't
intend to be tried if he could help ‘it; but he didn’t
care to skip out until he had revenged himself on
Jack.Clyde. He had great hopes that David Job-
kins, spurred'on by Flora Watson, would do the
t .3

   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 

When his hopes in that direction were frus-
trated, he put his mind down to accomplishing his
revenge himself. He found, however, that he had
a large contract on h‘ hands, for no reasonable

_ opportunity presen itself for him to get in his
work. He would not. ive up though the date
set for his trial was i-swing alarmingly near,
and his father and brother begged him to make
himself scarce before it would be too late for him
to get away in safety. Twice his father gave him
money under the impression that he would use it
to ﬂy to parts unknown. but each time he changed
his mind at the last moment.

‘ After turning down several schemes he had
formed against Jack Clyde because of some ob-
stacle that turned up to interfere with his carry-
ing them out. he ﬁnally decided to reach Jack

h Bertha Garland. He was satisﬁed from
his observations that Jack and Bertha were as

.good as an engaged couple, and he felt sure any-

‘ thing that hurt Berthawould break up Jack. _Be—
’ sides he was stuck on the girl himself. and he

‘ stone. He never dreamed that .
H designs against Bertha herself. nor that the. yea!-
uns girl s watching his. every move like a
‘ hawk. So formulated a plan that he thought
miat be successful. _
.2. foliiind that Jack [was often_at theu_:‘i£P<;ﬂict:
— for on our or two o an evening. a _
the work of one of the clerks who was ill: _The
evenings were now warm and generally _.
as it wasin the latter part of Jinie. and so,Ber-
thrfrettneutly walked from her home to the mill
to meet'"Jack _enioy the return _walk with him.
‘ Harris knew this. too. So one night.whi1_e Jack
A his desk. and thinking it was
 y time for Bertha to show up. a boy
can to the door with a message_,which he said
he hhllzht '  Frost stating that Gertie
 alarmingly ill and that he must

y with my sister?‘ asked

 
       
    
 
   
   
 

  

.1»

       
 

' thought he saw a way to kill two birds with one .
Flora Watson had ,

~‘;:“'.....'?':.': newts" ***"= “" WM’

RISING IN THE WORLD

“I don’t know.” answered the boy, in a shifty .
way, “but you must go home without losing a, .-
moment.” " . '

Jack _was greatly alarmed and disturbed. He _ .
loved his crippled sister dearly, and to have any— I :
thing happen to her he felt would break his «
heart. He must go home at once of course; but
what about Bertha? It might be ﬁfteen or
twenty minutes yet before she reached the mill.

_He would walk part of the way toward her house

 try to head her off, but to- provide against his
failure to meet her he gave the boy a quarter to
wait an hour for her. and if she came to go home is
with her. He started off at a rapid walk after -21
locking up the oﬁice, but did not see the girl any- 
where along the road. Then he turned oif toward ' 4..
his own cottage. He arrived home in a state of * _
nervous excitement, almost dreading to enter the 7‘:
house. When he dashed into the little sitting»-
room, there. to his great surprise. sat his aunt 
calmly sewing and his sister reading a book on ‘ -
the lounge.

“Why, Jack. what is the matter 1'" exclaimed
Aunt Sue. regarding his flushed and troubled face _
with no little anxiety, while Gertie uttered an
exclamation-of alarm. ‘

m""l’\,(atterl” cried Jack hoarsely. “Isn’t Gertie‘
“Ill! The idea.‘ What put that intolyour 
head‘! She doesn't look sick, does she?”

“No, she doesn’t. that’s a fact,” replied the boy 1.
drawing a deep breath of relief as he sank’ into,“ *%
a chair and wiped his heated forehead with his
handkerchief. ~ . 

“Then what made you think she was ill?” *_ 2,.

“Because I just got a message from you that .'
she was dangerously sick. and that I must come
home at once.” . »  .

“You got such a message from me!" cried Mrs.
Frost, ‘in astonishment. ;

“Yes, a boy brought it to the mill oﬂice not half » “
an hour ago." _ ~ ,

“Well, it's very funny. I did not send such as «
preposterous message as to you. Why 
should I‘!”

“Then I don’t understand what it all means.’-
replied Jack with a perplexed air.

“Who was the boy ?" ’ g

“I don't know him. I never saw him before.’

“-And he said I sent him with such a message. A
to you?” ' *

 

 

_ It broke me all up’. for I couldn't‘ 7.;
bear to think of anything serious happening ta} .:
Gertie," and be cast a fond look at his crippled Q‘
sister: “So I came home right away without  "
waiting for Bertha. whom I expected td call at-—.a'
tlgeermill. is she usually does when I stop there». 
“Poor Jacki" cried his sistcineeaohing ‘out and‘. “
stroking her brother’: hand tenderly. form’
wunooneintheworldlikeJ‘acklnhero' .
Aunt Sue was very much ed over the liﬂli 
aﬁon. She couldn’t see what ob any boy had
in carrying such a falsehood ‘to Jack. Sud ,
the boy started to his feet. . ,\
“Somebody put up a jobgin me. sure urgeuse
live,” he said. “Who ever it was wanted to gﬁ
me away from the mill.

  
    
   
    

 

Nounwhy should "an

   

I°m¢.hewvIot- r- —
against the comvﬂny. though the strike  V

 

"-.

   
  
    
     
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
 

and done with two weeks ago.‘ I must return at
once and see what's in the d." _ .
‘‘;Look_ out. Jack, that you o not run into some
daI¥er," warned his aunt.
“ as, do be careful. brother,
«anxiously.
‘Oh, don't worry yourselves about me.’ I can
. take care of myself every time.” replied the
courageous boy. ‘stoutly. ” .
‘I know you're strong and brave. Jack. con-
tinned Aunt sue, “but you must be on your ruard
that some one does not strike you a foul blow
’ in the dark.” . .
‘ “I'll look out for that. too. I’ll run around to
.1 Ber§ha’s ﬁrst and see whether she has zot home

7 With those words. Jack clapped his hat On
again. and started for_ the Garland cottazé. about
third of a mile‘ distant and away from the

Km. Garlarildcarne 11:0 thewdioor. I
“ rthn . " v 0329!‘ Y- '

' “ghnyenof rgﬁied Mer;‘Garlahd. “she Went 30
nil] to meet you. Haven't you seen her?” A
r “No. I was called home on a hurry message ;
that proved to be-false. When did Bertha‘ leave

aek, t littl "ed over the situationpand
a1:iiot1slli"()>1-“l.’»ertli:i’vs'°sx'ailfety. started hurriedly up

the. road for the cotton mill.

” put in Gertie,

5;

A

_CHAP'l‘ER ‘XIV.--Bertha Garland at Bay.

us. sooner had Jack departed from the mill.
iﬁee than the form of a younanman stepped out

= . the road from behind a board fence opposite.

noise the face‘ and drum of Morris Dean-

-;- ‘You're all right, Pixy." he said. clapping the
’ on the shoulder. ‘You manased that ﬁne-
, I'm going into_ the oﬂiee," and he took a
. : jimmy from his pocket and walked upto

door

, 1. say, you're not going to break ixito the
. are you ?' asked the boy. nerV0 -
"llever you mind. Pixy. You do what I tel
— andsno harm will come to you. I'll‘! some
‘ﬁlm up inst as if Jack Clyde was st1_ll hen.
V .. that Bertha Garland comes along. Just tell
Jack. is doing something on the tint ﬂoor of
:uﬂ,'a-rad that he  slle was to come in
"?.’,,,,;;,d — an boy, with . a l.»g\rin. “How
ygﬁ1m1n‘l"’ _  ‘ ‘~ _
g;°s;_nhv;rh-,:,$~,’. M‘   . .
.. .1 ..'.u.§ia mar: hinted-up his sumr
gal there 1 found. as I expected. his bottle
' ooﬂee. - I dosed it ﬂood and strong. He
’taheeadrinkofitever.vhonr.and I
 Cﬂﬂlﬂ up ﬁnd  8 drink.
< _. mm ﬁlly in about oneminute. I-Ie

, _wake up now if._the mill fell in on top
9 .. ‘

' boy : ' all over his freckléd face. .BY
. A ' Deanhad eﬂected an entrance
 ,—....oepu_l—the~g1rlaInIthrongh
-itself.-jut you lock it.

.o

".1... ,

 
  
    
    
       
  

       

    

JRGISING IN THE WORLD

   

13
You see'the key is in the lock. Then turn out all .
the lamps and skidoo. Your work will be over.’

“All right. Where's the money you promised ‘."'

“There you are," and Morris handed him a bill.
which the boy looked at eagerly and then stowed
away in his pocket.

“Now,” said Morris to Pixy. “go out in the
road and wait. As soon as you see Bertha Gar-
land coming. whistle. so I'll have time to hide
myself in the mill."

“All right,” grinned the boy, going outside.

In about ﬁve minutes Bertha came tripping
down the road. Pixy saw her and gave the .whis-
tle agreed on. Flora Watson saw her, too, and
her thin red lips closed. tightly while her eyes
ﬂashed ﬁre.

“So.” she hissed. vindictively. “that hussy has
actually come to the mill to meet Morris, has
she’! I'll ﬁx her! She shall never have him.
Never!_ Never! Never!”

The furious girl stamped her foot on the
grotmd and glared balefully at the little beauty
whom she supposed to be her successful rival.
but who, all unconscious of her danger, was walk-
ing into the snare spread for her by Morris Dean.

“You’re Bertha Garland, aren’t you ?" asked
Pixy, when she came up.

“Yes,” she answered, in some surprise at his

ting.

“Jack Clyde told me to watch for you out here.
and when you came along I was to tell you he'I
in the mill. on the first floor. doin’ somethin’. and
that he wants you come‘ in there.”

“Thank you," replied

‘walking into the oﬂee.

As soon as she passed through Pixy whistled
again, closed the door and softly locked it. Then
he proceeded to put out the lamps. As soon as
,the otﬂce was dark he stepped out into the road.
closed the door behind him. and started for that
town proper. Hardly had he disappeared than
Flora Watson darted across the road. tried the
door, and finding that it was not locked, entered
the oﬂice. She listened intently.

“They must be in the mill." she muttered, feel-
ingk hier way toward the door which Pixy had
oc e .

’ the unsuspecting girl,

She found it fast. of‘course. but she felt the
key in the lock and she allietly turned it and let
herself into the entry between the ofﬁce and the
m'1. In the meantime Bertha Garland passed
ac oss the entry and into the first floor of the

‘ill. There was a room on one side where pack-
ets of cotton were temporarily stored. A light
shone through the partly open doorway. As the

‘rest of the mill was dark she surmised that Jack ' .
was in this room. She crossed quickly to the _
door and entered. One of the standard oil larnpa ‘ '
stood qn a small table, but there was.no one in‘
‘the room. ' . . ‘ _

“Jack.” she said, “where are you ‘!" ._

“Here I am.”-replied a voice not at ‘all h
Jack's. . , 

She turned around in surprise. and thou, ‘
framed in the doorway, stood the last peraorfdir
expected to see——Morris Dean. «s.. ‘ 4*“

    
   

“Aren't you glad to see me? he asked." 
iai sHght ﬂhg the door to and 
ey in . ,. ’ *
“Whit -ddfl  
..... .. ..::*.....n .. .......,  

     

  

 

I “‘ ‘.5 

 
 
 

o

“What am I doing here?
lee you." he replied. . . .
:$o seel me ?" she criecll, won:oeringl_y.ht
es. am going to eave wn rig away.
for," with a wicked laugh. “it isn't healthy for

Oh. I came here to

. me to stay in Northbridge much longer."

“I havenothing to do with your going or stay-

, 1112. Morris Dean,” she replied. impatiently.. “I

came here to see Jack Clyde. Where is he ?"_
f‘He is not in the building.” laughed Morris,
maliciously.
‘ “Not — in — the — building!”
‘Why. that-boy said———" _
“He said what I told him to say—that Jack
That, was only

gasped Bertha.

Clyde was in here, but he isn't.

. - a ruse on my part to get you in here where I
 could talk‘to you alone.”

‘,‘Are you mad. Morris Dean '.'" exclaimed the
girl. desperately. »
- “Not that I'm aware of." he replied. coolly.
‘I want you to understand that you are in_my
power. I knew you were coming here to-night
to meet Jack Clyde. I determined_ that you
should not—that I would meet you instead. I

A’ ~ sent a fake message to Jack, while he was in the

’ ' tuous anger.

I said

oﬂice, by that boy you spoke to outside.
I knew

his crippled sister was desberately ill.

that would fetch him. It did for he started hot

foot for his home.
, see?"
. “You coward!" cried the mill girl, in contemp-

That put the game in my

“It doesn’t matter what I am. I love you and
-‘I'm Icing to have you go with me to-night. by
fair means or foul. Understand me? I am go-
ing to leave Northbridge to-night, and you are
going with me. How will you go voluntarily ?

“No!” she answered. as sharp as a Pistol Shot-

“Then I shall make you." he said, rushing for-A
‘ ' ward to seize her in

his arms.

For a moment Bertha was panic-stritcken. but
the next her eves fell on a bar of steel standing
against the wall. She snatched it up and held It

A ._ aloft. threateningly.

“Stand back!" she cried. “If you dare come

»"g_». _a foot nearer to me I'll kill you!”

Shefaced him deﬁantly, with panting breast

' and ﬂashinn‘ eye. like a hunted animal at bay.

‘-7 /11; was evident she was full of ﬁkht from he!‘

 Zuornuit hgh0si8t80ed-
‘rhea

-feet up.

T ’ ciiarrnif XV.-Nemesis.

,  ' Dqnl  before the dangerous light-
 from the girl's» eyes. and for 8

‘liattlarted

;....~...a; and. with a quick.

' ":~"fgmﬂnv'_mgvcment, wrested the bar from Bertha’s

 

 jam} and tossed it to the other end of the room.

‘ “Now,” he said, triuniphantlY.',,“what can you

i  no reply. but drawing back faced him

 _ v as ever. _ . ' ‘H
"You're gspunkv little thing. arent You . he
gnogringlv. “But it won't do you any good.

boss of this ranch now. and you've got to
' "  youliko it or not.’ .

RISING IN’ THE WORLD

    

You. have got to goﬁaway with

“I don't see how you're going to make me do
it .’’v she ‘replied. scornfully.
“Don't you? Look here.”
, He drew from an inside pocket a small bottle
and a handkerchief. -
“This is chloroform. A few drops on this

handkerchief pressed against your mouth and, I

nostrils will quiet you for hours. When you wake
up you'll be miles from Northbridge."

A shudder of horror went through Ber-tha's
body. Was there no way of escape for her? She
ran her eye quickly but stealthily over the door
behind Morris-—-the only exit from the room.
She remembered now he had locked it on enter-
ing, but the key was in the lock. If she could only
reach that door a moment ahead of hi.m—but how
could she do it‘! He himself removed part of
the diﬁiculty. He stepped to the table where the
lamp stood, removed the cork from the bottle and
coolly proceeded to wet the handkerchief with the
chloroform. The crisis was at hand. She must
do something now if ever. Suddenly a plan. fully
formed. rushed into hervmind. Close behind her
were several packets of cotton and near it a large
bundle of waste. - ..

She seized two large handfuls of the waste.
and, darting behind the table, heaped them on the
lamp. .which lighted the room. thus shattering
the globe and extinguishing the light. Morris
was taken completely by surprise. While he

stood irresolutely by the table she grabbed a -

couple of packets of cotton and threw them
against the further wall, so as to make Morris
think she had run there to hide. The ruse was
successful.

“You little vixen!” he cried. “you shan’t escape‘
me that wav.” , .

He rushed at the spot he supposed she was
crouching in. She took instant advantage of his
move on his part todash for the door. Morris

saw at the same moment that he had been de- , 

ceived and he started after her. She turned the
key and ﬂung the door wide open. Just as she

-was rushing out of the room she felt his arm on

her shoulder. But she managed to elude him and’
ﬂed down the long room ﬁlled with spinning maa
chines. He tripped over something and measured“
his ngth on the ﬂoor. With a slight exclama-
tion of pain he pickedhimself up and was after

er.
at the extreme end of the room which overlooked
the yard. i I

She intended to throw up the sash and scream  ,
for the watchman. not dreaming that the man ' '. 

was lying senseless in a ‘shed near by." It was
a brilliant night

this light made her ﬂying ﬁgure per!

17 that might otherwise have; con-
fused him. * -

Bertha aimed to reach one of the windows it

. and the rays of tliefull moon .
ﬂooded through the. many windows of the ‘  ,

- hath1nK"th¢'Wl10le in a gleaming white light. v _ _
to Morris. and ‘enabled-him to avoid contact with

A the machine

 

 

And while this mad race was in progress. an-  
other ﬁgure. that of Flora NVatson. who had been , ~: * ‘-

crouching and listening at the door of the small
rooniduring that momentous interview between
Bertha and Morris, followed them quickly by an

other path close to one of thegwalls. - -,
g All the tiger in her nature was now aroused... ‘
Her eyes had at last been opened to the fact 

Bertha Garland did not care the least bit for Koo-

ris Dean——-that she was doinlrlier best to 

   
  
  
 
 
    
   
   
    
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
  
   
  
   
  
  

 

from his undesirable attentions—and the jealousy
she-had so long, felt against the girl _dropDed
’ away from her like a garment cast aside. In
‘ place of it was substituted a feeling of ungovern-
1 able rage against Morris Dean." He had Drum-
ised to take her with him when he left North-
bridge, and now here he was trying to carry
away another in her place. _

The love she had felt for him seemed suddenly
turned to bitter hate. and her outraged soul cried
aloud for revenge. As she followed the young
‘man and the girl he was fast overtaking. she
clutched in -her right hand a bottle which she
had snatched from a shelf in _the dark factory.
“You cannot escape me!” cried Moms. reach-
‘ inir forward and ‘seizing Bertha by the arm before
she could gain t e coveted window. ,

3 The girl uttered a piercing scream that echoed
. through‘ the big room like the wail of a lost soul.
' ‘ “Scream as much as you want. you little vixen,
_ there's no one to hear you," said Morris, gleefully.
Pv: got you now and you shall not again escape

_But’thene was lots of ﬁght left in Bertha yet.
She was strong. too. and lithe as a panther for
her age. She struck Morris full in the face with
her ﬂats. and he staggered back with a snarl of
. ﬁnger, only to recover in a moment and_ come
for her again. Bertha tried to escape him by
' , g around a machine. As she was light on
her feet. she might have succeeded but she tripped
. Y r haste and fell to the ﬂoor. Before she
--to rise he had his hand on her arm.
.'l‘hen.he seized her head. be t it back and tak-
& the handkerchief saturat with chloroform
: ’ . his pocket he tried to press it over her
hand nostrils. recognizing i_ts, pun-
aroma, fought desperately to keep his hand
inlay. over her. however. he had ever)’
'= tage o the situation. _ _
Do you meanto murder me 1'" waiied the girl.
’4‘No; I only want to quiet V011. that's all." he
- A , In-mly. M . D 9”
-Him: on no mercy. orris ean.
,““Net Ilvl ounce. You must go away with me
iﬁoston to-night. I think more of you in one
‘ . . than any other girl in Northbridge in a
. ‘Do you know that'."’_ _ ‘
“Then came the sound of light_feet rnovmg rap-
across the room. A tall. lithe. girlish form
 Vtoward the struggling pair._ .
on villain! You lying. pernlred Villaml"
.. .. Fbra Watson passionately. “Is this
love fox-‘me? Take that!"
 iaised her hand and dashed the bottle at
' Dean’: face. It broke on. his cheek and
- , its contents over his countenance. Be
3 ' _cry.releesed- aandstI_¢-
. jock, tripping over the same _stacle which
. the Kiri. and lay squirming mason!
loo:

! Help!” he shrieked. “I am burning
’ for heaven's sake!” ~
. . on her feet, but so bewildered was
" an  _.»—of Flora Watson, whom
Q_  ,; ggwellasby the agonizing cries
grostrate Morris. that instead of ﬂeeing she
 rooted  F13",
s  ham

      
 

  
     

RISING IN THE WORLD

coldly. “He

19

“Great heavens. Flora!" exclaimed the fright-
ened Bertha. “What have you done to him 1"’

The girl laughed an unpleasant, sardonical
laugh.

“I haven’t killed him. don’t fear.
Rot what I meant for ou.”

“Meant for me?” gasped Bertha. -

“Yes.” cried Flora, ﬁercely, grasping her by ,
the wrist. “For_ you, had you cared for him as
I thought you did. I’d have spoiled your prett-v
face for you. I’d have made you so hideous that
even Jack Clyde would have given you up. But
I learned the truth in time. You have nothing
now to fear from me—neither has Jack. Come,
let us go from here.” ‘

“And leave him that way?” replied the sym-
pathetic Bertha.

“Why not‘! What do you care? Was he not
about to drug you a moment ago‘! Didn't I save
you from that? An hour ago he was all the
world to me.” her voice broke‘ in a dry sob; “but

He has only

now,” ﬁercely, “the dream is shattered and I hate 

3:‘.

was heard on the ﬂoor and in another moment 

Ill]
She turned away. drawing Bertha with
At that moment the rapid tread of a manly

Jack Clyde confronted the two girls.

CHAPTER XVI.——R.ising in the World.

“Bertha!” exclaimed Jack. “How came you in
the mill?”

He ﬂashed a suspicious glance at Flora, for he
knew the girls were not friends.

“Oh. Jack, Jack!” cried Bertha. running to him
and sobbing on his shoulder. “I've-l’ve had such
a narrow escape.”

“From what, Bertha ?” he asked. putting his
arm about her. reassuringly.

“From Morris Dean.”

“Morris Dean!” ejaculated the boy. looking
around. “Where is he ?" ,

“Behind that machine," she pointed, shudder-
ingly. Jack now noticed the plaintive cries of
the young ex-clerk. and he walked to the spot
where he'»lay and looked down at him in astonish-
ment. v

“What is the matter with him? He seems to
be in meat Dain.' ‘

“Afk Flora.” returned Bertha. “She knows

“Well,” said Jack, turning on the handsome

. brunette. “what is the matter with‘~him‘!"

“I injured him." she answered, doggedly. “I

.ﬂung a bottle and it hit lzim.”

“Iniured him!” exclaimed Jack, somewhat puz-

‘Yes, I threw a bottle which I just picked
from a shelf in the dark."
_"Great Scotti You never did that!” cried Jack.
aghast. _ ‘
_ _'‘I did. and Pm glad of it. Pm ‘readyto go to,
Jail, but I have had the satisfaction ofwrettina
square with him. V ‘

‘-No lnathedid." and "hi ii
 usual-‘ﬁe au..1:':3t. 

   

 

   
  

   
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   

deceived me into believing that he cared for me
——that’s what he did if you want to know."

‘Jack knelt over the suffering youth. He saw
he could do nothing to relieve Dean's pain. The
only thing he could do was to lift him in his arms
and drag him out into the oﬂice, where he tele-
phoned for a physician, explaining what had hap-
pened to Morris Dean, and begging him to hasten
, v_ to the mill oﬁice to relieve his agony. While

waiting for the doctor to come. Jack listened to
” Bertha’s recital of what she had gone through

A from the moment 'she had fallen into the trap set
for her by Morris.

, As for Flora, she walked away from the place,
calm and deﬁant. and Jack made no effort to
detain her. The physician brought remedies with
him that partially eased Dean’s sufferings. The
bottle had contained an acid. which burnt’ the
boy's skin. He an Jack, accompanied by Bertha.
then assisted Morris to his home. .

_“I feel sorry for him.” said Jack. as he and

_ Bertha walked home in the moonlight. “but still
if it hadn't been for Flora’s action he would prob-

ably have succeeded in drugging you before I

.reached the mill, though I don't see how he _ex-

,-parted "to carry you away.”

This part of Dean’s scheme was explained next
morning when a horse and buggy was found
standing a short distance from the mill. A stable

ekeeper recognized the .rig as one he had rented
V to Morris Dean.
_ Jack and Bertha expected that Flora Watson
would be arrested next day. Nothing of the kind
T occurred, as Morris refused to explain how he
1 0‘ had come by the bums, except that he intimated
git was an. accident. In fact, Flora did not lmow
what was in the bottle. His face was badly dis-
 This misfortune prevented him from

‘making his escape from the trial, which came on
~ , V 5 week afterward. _

Considerable pressure was brought to bear on

. Jack. especially to induce him to make his evi-
 dence against Morris as favorable-to that youth
as possible. He consented to this, and in-pur-
,, _ suance thereof when he went on the stand he put
"‘ a ‘strong. stress on the\intervi’ew between Morris
; and ’Nel.son__SpIVinger he had overheard in the
old shanty on the Northbridge road that rainy
night. He showed that the sport had clea_rlYvVic--
timized the ex-clerk. and then hounded him into
- -V cloingsome desperate act to save the knowledge
‘ of nis foolishness reaching his father's ears. ‘
Morris, in his own defence. corroborated Jack's
0 words,‘ and swore he was in the act of closing the
. safe after taking the single package of. $100,
when the mill boy trapped him. The jury re-
turned a verdict of guilty, coupled with a recom-
‘ inendation to the mercy of the Court. The prose-
,_ eutor, in view of the facts that had been brought
V out during, the trial. and out of consideration
for the ‘prisoner's youthfulness, and his ‘respect-
table connections, put a plea before the Judge in
i ' favor. The result was that the Judge. after
-—».a'ev,eral days’ delay, suspected sentence. and Mor-
 was*al_l‘owed’to,go free.‘ . — _
jrhe penalty hung over his head, however. like

“Ewart? of Daiaocles in the fable. as a warninz
L , 4 e for the future; for should he ever be con-
 of ‘another aeriouseharge it would go espe-
T V‘! _-‘hard with} him. as the suspended sentence,
in Vthat,case.rbecomo operative. in addi-

  

  

  

   
  

t‘

   

  
 
 

 

Bertha Garland, he sold the property for $25,000,

xplete the joy _of the young couple. Mr. Burnsidl

' the post with an expression of conﬁdence’''_in»}n'a

, TO DAWN; or, A POOR soars 

 

I

RISING IN THE WORLD “ " 0 i 

Nelson Spavinger was tried for his connection

with the affair, was convicted by Morris Dean's_

testimony. and was sentenced for one year.in:«
prison. Shortly after Dean’s trial, Bertha Gar-
land had an interview with Manager Burnside, > .
and succeeded in getting Flora Watson" back in “<14
the mill, for which favor Flora expressed hex -
gratitude to Bertha. and even after maintained a
friendly attitude toward her.

A few weeks later David Jobkins and Peter
Jackson were arrested in Chicago on the ordinary
charge of “drunk and disorderly.” _

At the most their sentence was ten days in the -
city jail. Unfortunately for them, however, they
were identiﬁed in court by a visitor from North-
bridge who had ‘come west on business. He noti-
ﬁed the police authorities that the men were
wanted in Northbridge on a very serious charge,
and he also telegraphed the facts to the town «.,,‘
police. Extradition papers were secured and two ’
oﬂicers were sent to Chicago to bring them East
as soon as their ten days’ detention had expired. ‘ 
They were duly tried, convicted on the evidence 
given by Bertha and Jack Clyde. and sentenced  ‘
to a ten-year term in the penitentiary. ’ ' 3?.

9n the first of the year Jack, having given such , 
evidence of proﬁciency in his minor clerkship, “
was promoted to a higher position in the oﬁice.
He was in high feather, as the saying is. with ~ 3
the company and management, and his future
seemed to be assured. During the spring-of the .
following year he purchased, through his aunt. a 
new business building on Main Street. on which .-‘V
he paid $9,000 cash and gave a mortgage for - 
$7,000. The property was easily worth $20,090, ‘V
but Jack got it at :1 fair bargain because of busi—‘ ‘V
ness reverses to the owner.

Two years afterward, just before he  

 

  

 
   
   

making a clear proﬁt on it of $9,000, besides a’? =
certain profit. on his rentals. At any rate, when - _ "
Jack was married his capital had increased to
nearly $30,000, all but the $6,000 he had received“
from the mill company having been accumulated
through cleverreal estate deals. He had also
been advanced to the post of cashier in the,
mill oﬁice. V V

Of course, after her marriage. Bertha did not
work m_the mill any more. She became the
proud mistress of a brand new house that Jack,
built for her. At her husband's desire. Aunt Sue
and his sister Gertie came to live with them. and
no family jars ever disturbed the happiness at
the Clydehome. i - 

Soon after little Jack. Jr., was born to 

 
 
    
  

   
      
  

      
    
  

  

x .

    
         
     
   
 

   
    

resigned‘ his sition as manager of 
At a special eating ()1 the directors of~the
company, Jack, much to his surprise. was oﬂerid

   
  

    
 
   
     
   
  

ability to ﬁll it. Of course he accepted it, far
he knew he .was quite capable of rIn|ning..(Vﬁg
mill’ as it ought‘ to be run. His wife 
friends." . were proud of his success. for had‘ V
not he -in a few years risen from Factory.Boy
Manager? * ‘

—

 
    
  
 

  
 
  

g .

Next week's‘ ‘issue will contain" ‘zivaoir

  

      
   
 

 

  

   
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
 

ROSES ON APPLE TREE.

‘ White roses on a crab apple tree is a freak of
nature at the home of Miss Annie Rems, near A1-
lentown. Pa. Large branches, all laden with dou-
ble white roses, are growing from the branches
of -the tree. '.

. OCEAN GOLD SCARCE

Many attempts have been made to extract gold
from the ocean, but so far the operations have
cost more than the ultimate product is Worth.
It is estimated that a barrel of salt water con-
tains -only a few cents’ worth of gold.

‘tity of gold in sea water has been reduced in late
years by the action.9f the sun spots from one
grain to one-thousandth part of a‘grain per ton
of water. -

.~ LONG BOATS MADE OF LOGS
The hadji picked out the boats I was to take
or a river trip in Sumatra. She one in which
was to travel was fully 40 feet long and the
me that was to carry my supplies was 25 feet
 .5 r - V 9

;~ .’ We own “MYSTERY MAGAZINE.”
, -stories. All ,of them are ﬁne. You ought
The latest number contains

§.;_i \
r...

  

“CHANCE,” by Dorothy.-Shea

ear@.A ‘cdBr_-g'onAY ANDSEE

x-_ x_

  

FAME‘ AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
p CURRENT NEWS A 

Certain English chemists assert that the quan- '

 Special Notice! ' «

It contains exciting, detective, crook, and mystery ‘

y A good detective story called
"THE LOCK AND KEY” A
Written by HAMILTON CRAIGIE ' : A ‘

A splendid two-part serial entitled
“A TEST OF CONSCIENCE”
J. B. WARRENTON, ‘Author

._ . L4 department of handwriting in which LQUISE RICE givedifree readings of your cim.
, aster, it you send her I’ sample/of your writing.

six (5) DANDY suoiu‘ sromss ‘ A 3

“CLUE! om: HAIRPIN.” by H. P. Rhodes ' .
“A DEVILISB CONTRlVA_NCE,” by Maurice Coons
“BETRAYED BY WORDS.” by D. ;&“KpI-amer

“ON THE TRAlL  DOPE,” by Léiuse __Ban'eaux

‘ Besides nllftheae if_contaln'o\ an interesting article by"l‘(lM POX'(Seotland.Yu'd ‘De-.___,'
called “Bogns"Mo_ney,”, and a ‘large collection’_of shorter jgens um will please you. 

long. The supply boat was capable of carrying
a ton and a half. .

“They had been made,by the hollowing out
of huge logs and they had been very carefully
thinned down and were shapedcnot unlike great
canoes.

“No particular knowledge of the river "was
necessary for steering. The stream was deep
enough everywhere for our boats, which drew
little more than a foot and a half of water. In
the-ordinary current the four oarsmen with their
wide paddles could propel their boat at a good
speed and where the current was strong they '
laid these aside and ,used poles. «‘

"Two ‘men started at the’ bow, and, plant- '

ing their bamboo poles ﬁrmly on the bottom of
the river, th pressed their shoulders against
the ends of them and walked toward the stern
on the upper edges’ of the hollowed log, which
was about six inches wide. When they reached
the point where they no longer had a purchase, ~
a second pair stood ready to take up the work at
the bow so that there was never a moment of
drifting back.” ' -

to read them. Why don’t you get a copy?

x

How Go0D;'1jH_Is   '

 

     
     
       
      
    

    
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
 

 1' , ,’.:,22
Rob and the s Reporters
_.. on ._ '
A Hustling for War News by Wireless

0 _

By GASTON GARNE

V .

 

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XI.~—(Continued).

‘Rob Randall,” replied our hero sulkily.
“Were you a wireless operator at one of the
Newfoundland stations?”
“Yes.” .
“Marconi’s'.”'
“Yes.”
“How long did you serve?” ) _ ‘
‘.‘0ver two years. But say, you’re asking me
_ a lot of estions. What about yourselves?"
.. ' “Shall tell him, Jack?” ‘asked the man.
“I think you may as well,” replied the chauf-
_ fear. “We've captured him and he won't get
. away from us—that's what.” ' , - '
"Well, then, we're a bunch of English reporters.
.»._.acting as war correspondents,” said the man, “or
is rather trying to be. We were chased from the
«. front and narrowly escaped arrest. We've got a
secret wireless estation back here but not one of
rus understands the game. You're just the man
‘ we want.”

- “How did you get hold of the station?" asked
Rog‘, beginning to feel interested in spite of him-
~se ‘

_ “Built. it," was the reply. “We got a fellow
from Ghent to do the work and he was going to
_ act as operator, but he got cold feet and gave us
, the slip in the night. That was yesterday. _We
" ran, up to Ghent hoping to ﬁnd him, but failed.
t We couldn't ﬁnd any one elsb, either; so you see,
‘ _ Rob, what- a godsend it was when we blinked Into
you.” . \. - p ,
“Hard lines for me, just the same. As it hap-
pens, I'm a war correspondent, too. I represent
the New York Earth.”
, - “Then so much the better. What's the matter
. - with joining hands with us?" -
“I have other" plans. I was heading for the
front when we broke down."
“Where on the front?” ”
. “General Ta lor’ eorps. -
~» ‘fshncksl ou’d only have been arrested. It
. was General 'l‘aylorIwih¢;"made uts Eat lg’
“"; “Just the same, ' ave o ere. .,
_-.' “Oh, that: all in your mind? boy. You 
 hope to succeed where I failed. I'm Bert B _ ,
 of the London Times. I hit Taylor armed with
9 t?’..?.':.‘.‘.‘: 32 ““"‘°"- n°§.a n’f.2.‘.‘.‘§“‘.‘i‘.’.‘“‘a.1."“,‘.‘ ii‘;
» y , Incas , o ep -1: .
follow on t: outside in front is Bill Jones of the
Argus. Js j'I‘honpeou'o! the'!‘elegranns driv-
e ‘ thecar.-. New ypuare introduced and knew
,. t..wh.t entire! a bench you've struck. You
« Vppmrith as, kid,,gaad*‘we sha1l;t_:ake precious

    
 
  
  

   
  
  
  

   

   

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY by ‘ 2" ‘I 

‘across ?”

 

“I see I've been fooled all right,” said Roi». '
“You fellows never would have shot me." ‘

“Don’t be too sure of that," retorted Brown.
“We are not over here in Belgium to be skunked
-—not if we know it.” "

They ran on, taking the ﬁrst crossroad to the
left, which led them still further into the forest.

Suddenly Thompson swung into an ill-deﬁned
wood road which, followed perhaps half a mile.
ended at a.clearing where there was a hill rising ’
a little higher than the treetops, on the summit of p .
which was an old stone tower. W

The moon had now risen and Rob could see
wireless apparatus on top of the tower. .

“Here we are,” said Thompson, “and here we‘ ~ "
proposed to stay until we get chased. which I sup-
pose is bound to happen sooner or later. Mean-

whille we, shall continue to hustle for news by’
wire ess.

 

CHAPTER XII.
Trapped.

Rob had been doing a lot of heavy thinking _ 3,
during the ride and had decided that whatever
the outcome of his capture might be it was sure
to pay him best to make himself as agreeable as
possible. ’ . _

“How did you ever come to strike this plaee}"»’
he asked. ' .

“Through Le Clare, the fellow who installed the
plant." was the reply. .
“You're luckgnot to have lost your car. Mine,
was commandeered by the Germans.”

“So you've been up against them? What ﬁght!”f

“Don’t know. It was only a skirmish. Mysdtg. ‘
and partner were‘ both wounded. But the car?‘

“Oh, we have a special permit from the king
to hold ours. Come ahead. We are all of is
tagged’ out. We shall take a cold bite and tum.‘
in. Won't attempt to do business until to-marrow.’ 

Rob found the lower rooms of the tower rudely
furnished. - ‘ T _’

He now sat down with the reporters to a simple;
spread of cold ham and crackers. after which he‘;
lay down on a mattress with Brown and was soul ~
asleep despite of the anxious thoughts of Edith“
which still passed through his brain. ‘  I

hands were up at daybreak and Rob, after;
inspecting the apparatus, took his place at 
receiver. , ‘ _ y
_ -“I shall expect you to teach me to work 
riﬂe,” said Jack Thompson. “Anything coming?

   
     
    
       
   
 
      
   
    
  
   

  

“London is calling.”
"‘So? Who?” ~ - .,
“You. Keep still a minute. It's some one ma
the Telegram. Wants to locate you, if posaibh.
I'm answering." a .-
“All right. Say I'm right on the jobnhut gal}
at the front.” ' '

“What are you doing now?” asked Brown
Rob be an ‘ . .

Km ‘ .1!

“what25 l ' . .

"Amessage ofmyownto theﬁatthin 
it will be caught atﬂayville, I.ong—.Ieland.
station where I worked last,’ » ’
’ . ’  ‘ ’

  
 

 

   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
     
  
   
    
   
   
     
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
 
    
   
 

v

.

HOME BREWING IS ANCIENT

_' “Brewing your own” in Bavaria, ‘famous for
‘its beers, was started 900 years ago this sum-
7 mernaccording to the best information that has
. been‘ handed down from- generation to genera-
: tion. and plans have been inaugurated to cele-
s brate the event in some ﬁtting manner within
 the next few months.
i The ﬁrst two hop vines are said to have been
 ~‘brought to this section of the country by monks,
who soon after began brewing their own beer,
 where they got the vines hlstory does not

-» Hop gardens existed .in parts of France and
Germany in the eighth and ninth.centuries, but
it was not until theseventeenth century that hop
"cultivation and beer drinking became popular in
Continental Europe.

FIRST MODERN BICYCLE MADE 108
YEARS AGO p
Several crude bicycles were made in the Seven-
‘? feenth and eighteenth centuries, but the direct
rognitor of the modern bicycle‘ is supposed to
.  one made in 1816 by Baron Karl Von Drais
. an used in rforming his duties as chief for-
tag Qnta the Bike of Bader. ,
The machine, which was called the “draisine,”
and which was patented in France, consisted of
we wheels of equal size connected_by a perch
" which the rider sat. It was guided with a
attached to the front wheel and was pro-

" )el_latI‘by the rider striking his feet against the ‘

n.m,,d_ .
Anxonument has  in memory of
theK“Fi:ther of thBe glliycle.’ over Drais’s grave
1 81' Sluh In 3 ' .
 ‘“»g,,g,-1 1370' all at these machines were called
vuacipedes, meaning literally “swift foot.” “Bi-
tﬁple” comic £rom the two Greek words Siﬁnifyink
. . ojvhee s. . . . ‘

7 . A STUPENDOUS DAM ‘ _
I The world's largest dam, the central unit in an
., 'g'ation scheme so vast in its conception as to
‘make even Americans, who are accustomed to 81'
... ' .irrigation and engineering proiects. marvel
ttgits immensity, is being built on the ‘Indus
or in India. American Government !T!‘l2'8-
-..‘wo1_-ks in Western States, such as the Roose-
dam, seem small in comparison tothe Indus
g~‘project’near Culckar, in the province of

 
 

d. .
‘,l'he.Indus dam, which will be known as tlre

  
  

. enoro! Bombay, will be nearly a mile long.
. bridges will be built upon it, one at a low

'2. I . slightlv above the alignment of the rivcr
ale.

  

the other at a high level. _
‘d the high level bridpe will he 7'70. feet:
Q 7’ -‘foundations. or as high as the town’ of‘

' worth Building in New York. = The foun-
. ' ' ’ danrwa: laid on October 24.

 20

  

 
 
  
 
   

apthe

   
  

. 1  AND I FORTUNE WEEKLY
~ .  fcooo READING‘

for $60,000,000.

A . barrage, in honor of Sir. ‘George Lloyd._

The rail- .

V l . ; dc  th I ".4
'°°° 79;?’ ,;.¢.app"°,:Z?§i°.¥§aer.aw§ ;

Then the work of regulating and conserving
the ﬂow of the Indus by means of sixty-six mas-
sive steel gates, each weighing ﬁfty tons, will be ‘
possible. While the dam is being built another I
army of Workers is busy constructing a gigantic
network of canals which will carry water over an
area almost as great as England.

Immediately above the dam seven canals will
carry the siltgladen waters of the Indus over
wide areas of the province of Sind. The Rohri
Canal will be 205 miles long, with 2,300 miles of
branches. The central‘ rice canal, eighty-seven
miles long, will irrighte 500,000 acres of the ﬁnest
rice growing land in India. Similar waterways
will radiate in all directions from the central
reservoir. Three of these canals will be wider
than thhe Suez Canal. '

When the Llo d barra e is ﬁnall com le
the Province ofysind, tiiiough whicli thepiaifgé
Indus ﬂows, is expected to share the prosperity
of the Punjab, which is due mainly to the suc.
cessful irrigation of the upper reaches of the
river. Vast areas of ‘arid desert land will be-

come rich ﬁelds of rice, cotton and wheat; then 

will be large movements of natives from the dense-' 4
1y populated districts of India, and the sparsely
inhabited Bimlis dforf300 miletsii t
course 0 e ii us orm ano er ., .,:.»
for India and the’ British Empire, gma granary
The whole scheme is being ﬁnanced by the
Government of ,Bombay. the estimates calling

a "Mystery  .

Semi-Monthly 15 cats 3 cop’, ‘
155 LAl'GHl1\'G DEATITS TRAIL. by Nels hekoy Jon.

use . .,
15s_ 'l‘§'l". Mlzznicinn DROPPER. lw G. P. Wﬂnon. ‘ . ~
A .157 ?Ql'ES'l‘1'0N OF‘ KKICK. by Elmene Jones. ‘  T‘
ROARING WATERS, by 5

158 HP, RIYSTERY OF‘

Harrv Adler.
THE RIVER PIRATES. hv

ig rm‘ siimow or A 30081?’ ii‘ “trill-gCE"‘;’,°" A I 
mi .«'i'.:‘z '/i.  by nuii.iii>oyni'ér.' °° am” »
162 THE INTRIGUEBS, hr Grover Kldwell_ . e 

THE LOCK AND KEY ;

By HAMILTON CRAIGIE
._ ‘ Out Today In No. 163

HARRY E. WOBFF. Publisher, Inc.

166 West 23d Street

   

New York Cit}  I

“Moving Picture Stories”
A Weekly Ilnznllie Devoted to Photoplgyg Quj 

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY \

Em-h number contain Three Stories of the B4.-lt‘l"Iln¢.
on ‘the S«~t-eon--Elegant Half-tone scenes from mg‘ mg
-ﬁlintete-321:1; A!éielAea Ab0!I;dP;0llliIeIIt  iii‘ :3 .

mn--- o u , n ctreoaes mg.
and Lenaon:x1I_Bcena o Writing, n‘ - ,  . .

‘man! s. :woi.ri-*. is.m-.5... ‘i...

ism...  ‘fﬁlewe sq; g. 

 

\_ .

  

along‘ the lower 

 

- ». ".14

     
    
   
  
      
          
   

      

24

 

 

   

"‘”:«-4 . .

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 mriziu-zsrmc RADIO NEWS AND Hmrs 

LEAKS SPOIL DRY CELL

When dry cell “A” batteries show a crust of
salt on the covering, they are no longer ﬁt for
use because the zinc container has been punctured
and the electrolyte has “boiled,” du'e to a short
circu t. .

WATCH TRANSFORMER TOPS

If your audio or radio frequency transformers
have metal tops on them. be very careful that the
connec ‘on wires to the binding post do _not touch
them. e wiring of most ampliﬁers is usually
such. that the “B” battery can be completely ruin-
ed if a short "circuit occurs.

USE NAILS TO HOLD PANEII. _

To hold a bakelite panel in place while grain-
ing, simply drive small brads through a few of
the holes and sank the head below the_ level of
the panel. After the work has been ﬁnished the
nails are easily withdrawn from the table with
the aid of a pair of pliers.

Don’t attempt to ﬁnd put what,is inside your
telephone receivers. Many poor results can be
~ traced directly to the fact that the individual
 was too inquisitive and opened the receivers by

"‘ unscrewing the caps. In doing so you may _
the diaphragms and thereby spoil the 0De1'8t10Tl
of the phones. The diaphragnis are made of

 

 

 

SERIES-PARALLEL HOOKUP _

’ ’ Ijlacing a condenser in series with your aerial
or ground’ will materially reduce the wave length

._ of your receiving set. If you cannot reach the
higher waves on your set this may be the cause-
.Place the condenser so that one side is coiuiected
to the.aerial and the other to the ground. This
is a‘parallel connection and will raise the wave
length range ofthe set. .

FLEXIBLE LEADS FOR ROTORS

p Varioineter, variocouplers and other radio units
that depend on the bearings alone to make con-
tact from the moving to theastationary part 31:8
generally subject to trouble. The bearing _is
either too light to allow the rotor to‘ turn readily
or too loose to make good electrical contact. it
is always good policy to put stops on the coil
and use 0 , _
» rotorfwindiiig. This will assure a positive elec-
‘ trical connection between the two elements and
eliminate -a great deal of noise from your set.

 

 

  
   
   
       
 
   
   
   

A raw TIPS ON SOLDERING

~ aces of metal cannot be soldered together
—s|u1Te::  surfaces are clean. and after they
1 gagged they   When the metal
ham. immer.-_it_may quickly oxidize and
solde stiekiugtoit. Inordertofur-
_ the metalsand toalestroy the

 
  

 . very thin metal and are easily bent if handled. . V

f ﬂexible “nigtail” connections to ‘

forms when the metals ‘are’

or  Rosin is best suited for soldering in
radio work. -

When the heat is applied to the joint the rosin

‘ runs all ‘over the joint and prevent further oxida-

tion by the heat and air until the hot solder has a - ’
chance to get at‘the cleaned surface. The solder
then flows over the (clean surfaces and sticks to
them ﬁrmly, holding the metals together.

STATIC PHENOMENON ' '

At this time of the year when static interfer-‘ A...
ence becomes the rule rather than the exception L
there is ample opportunity of becoming familiar
with this phenomenon. To the careful observer I
it must be apparent that static interference in-
creases with the reaching out for distant stations. 7
as a general rule. However, static interference _* »
also s_eems_to differ with the direction of the
incoming signal. Still further observation will
disclose the fact that static is by no means limited
to local conditions. Thus a weak transmitter in
the immediate locality maybe intercepted with-‘ ,
out static. while a more powerful transmitter at “-.
some distance away will- be intercepted with *1
considerable staticv disturbance. although the in- -
tercepted signal strength may be the saint for
both transmitters. It is held by some radio
authorities that the radio waves carry the static
disturbances "along with them. Whatever the _j
cause may be, it is a fact that static hangs on’,
to some waves better than it does on others.  _»

TUBES REQUIRE ' PROPER VOLTAGE
Vacuum tubes are the most sensitive of radio
instruments and will be comparatively short lived
if used carelessly. Improper ﬁlament tempera-
tures, excessive plate voltages and sudden shocks
will tend to shorten the life of the tube. ' .
The average vacuum tube of good make has a
normal operating life of 1,000 hours. This means -
that if the correct temperature is maintained on ;;f'
the ﬁlament the tube will give its normal life. “
This tube life varies with conditions that are im-
posed on it.» _ "
Many radio fans burn their‘ﬁlaments at a tem-
perature higher than normal. thinking that in this .
w_ay- ELIE)‘ increase the strength of the incoming
signa . 2
This does not hold true for properly designed
vacuum tubes. Any increase of current beyond».
a certain point will not give better signals. but
will tend to reduce the life of the filament in‘
the tube. ' - ' .
If the ﬁlament emission is double the operat'm¢‘-
lfifeﬂzill be practically reduced _to that of one- A ’
on . ‘ .
' Do not use too high-a plate voltage. as
pits an extra strain on the tube, which is not
ful in any way. You can readily ascertain. H
correct voltage for the plate of the detector tube.
Experience will enable a person tmdeterulnl
the proper brilliancy. If desired an ainuieter eaa.
be used to determine the amount of ﬁlamentar-
-rent flowing through the vibe. " I ‘V i ’*

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
            
    

   
 
    

These valuesiiare usually  on 
paper that the in ‘A E “vs

     

  

     
   
  
 
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
 

 

 __,£-:  ‘  .

A 6000 MILE RADIO BEAM
Marconi has succeeded in establishing com-
unication between London and Buenos Aires by
« _of his new directional beam radio system.
rdmg to a news dispatch from England. The
. follows a long series of experiments_ using
~ power and extremely short waves. Wh1ch_'a1‘e
'ated in one direction. like a beam_of light.
» by eﬂectiiig saving in power and eliminating
terference troubles. _ _
Under the present system‘ of commercial radio
mmimication the waves are radiated _in all. di-
tions. and point to point communication is ac-
-- lished at a loss of "energy which is carried
other points not required in the service. .
In broadcasting. the systeni could  applied
« .‘.,-3 to stations serving receiving sets
a certain directional line. Instead of using
rnitting power. of_ a kilowatt or more, a
Dhdcasting station could operate eﬂiciently on
,; than a ﬁftieth of a kilowatt. provided it was
provide entertainment for specified zones only.
’ system might be more properly called nar-
casting or beamcastmg, because of the re-

-.. area of its inﬂuence.
The new radio beam can be turned‘ to an
- ‘On, like _
e .. .  could be directed to any section of
:«. country at will. Because of _the high fre-

~ «I! currents used. many stations could op-
their beams in the same direction at only
few meters diﬂerence in wave length without
interference. - _
limp‘ serials are necessary to receive the beam
e to the best advantage because of their di-
. e - 1 properties._ In this way programs from
a- »- .o.: of stations could be received without
» erenée by turning the- loop to the required
~ ‘n. Many stations could_ operate on the
e wave length without causing gllstortion in
‘ receiver. even from local transmitters.

1.1‘ n

is

 

. GRID LEAK _

9£‘lieiGrid Leak is of far rreater importance in
- ». eﬂlciency than is generally realized. The

 « obtained ‘from any receiver depends on the
'- current and directly on the plate current.
‘important factor which determines the grid
 is the number of negative electrons which
. attracted to the grid from the filament. The
- .- i charges on thegrid sometimes reach a
. where -they practically stop the now of

_ current. The (rid current piles them up.
;agoodgrid eak_isinusethetubewill

. chqkeau and will not operate. If the
hgkis of incorrect size. the tube will
partially operate. According to Ernest W.
‘ , 1; radio engineer, each 1: no of vacuum
.aeates‘new conditions. The 1-199 provides
 poinission at low ﬁlament tam atures.
. I 1-A averages ﬁve times the ssion
 '¢,-gﬁnu-y amplifying tube. The‘ emission
" - "ct electrons varies with the current and
. ’ used. In other‘words. every time
ried. the grid leak
that for maximum

  
  

 
   
   
   

   
  
   
 
 
  

   

  
 

 
   
  
 

       
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

_ Y
the beam of.a searchlight. and’

- these two windin

I

25

5 and 9.meghoms is somewhat better for weak
signals. At first thought it would seem advisable
to provide all sets with a variable grid leak.
but the public generally prefers to have less ad-
justments; hence the next best thing is to adopt
for each type of set that ﬁxed grid leak which
gives best average results on local stations.

UNDAMPED SIGNALS

For the satisfactory reception of undamped- '

signals such as emitted by a continuous wave
radio telegraph station, it is necessary to generate
locally in the receiving system itself a radio fre-
quency current of slightly different frequency
from the incoming frequency. That is, the local
frequency should differ from the frequency of the
incoming signal by an amount which is an audible
frequency.

The combination of the radio frequency cur-

rents produces beats at a frequency which is the '

same as the diiference in frequency between them.
There are several ways in which the radio fre-
quency current may be generated locally at the
receiving station. If the coupling of the or-
dinary regenerating receiver is continuously in-
creased a point is reached where, the circuit starts
to_oscillate, and by properly adjusting the cir-
cuits audible _be_ats may  produced on the
heterodyne principle. _This is probably the most
common method of utilizing the heterodyne prin-
ciplle for the reception of continuous wave sig-
na s. - -

Another method is to use an arc circuit or a
small high frequency alternator coupled to the
standard nomregenerative receiver. Neither of
these are very desirable. the are,’ be-
cause it introduces too many extraneous noises by
its unsteadiness, and the alternator because of
the diiﬁculty of maintaining a constant speed at
any particular adjustment. There remains then
the vacuum tube as a separate oscillator and
generator of continuous wave of adjustable fre-
quency.

There is a form of oscillator circuit which
may become inductively coupled to the standard
non-regenerative receiving system in which
audible beats are produced onapplicatiﬁi of the
heterodyne principle. The inductance coil is a
coupling coil for coupling the oscillator circuit
to the receiving _ There may be the
stator and rotor-winding of a variometer with
the ﬁlaments connected at the common point of
gs. The wave length. or more
strictly the frequency of the oscillations gen-
erated. may be changed .by varying‘ the mutual
inductance of the variometer winding, and the
caiI‘i‘acity of thle condense}-. h

01' use 011 om: Wave enltt good results ' 0
be obtained by mounting the condenser onnllil;
same shaft as the ﬁometer -rotor so that a
single knob controlsbotb. -But for the shorter
wave ' it is better to have a separate con-

trol for the condenser capacity. The circuit will ‘
function without the use of a grid condenser and .

grid leak, but better results are generally ob-i

ta.l'i'l§: by the emiliiyment of these elements.
external terodyne requires

tube for its operation than the nguiu-°£§e.'.'.’§§3

tive receiving set. but more uniform results am

usually obtained byita use in 3): reception of .

continuous wave telegraph sign

 

 

     
 
   
   

26

Fame’ and Fortune Weekly
NEW YORK, AUGUST 15, I924

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

 

1. W Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Postage Free scents
. One Copy Three Months . . . . .. " " $1.00
one Copy Six Months ....... .. “ " 2.00
One Copy on Year . . . . . . . . . .. " 4.00

Canada, $1.50; Foreign. 85.00.
ROW 1'0 SEND MONE‘k'—At our risk send 1’. 0.
Money Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
any other way are at our risk. We acce t Postage

Stain the same as cas When sending s lver wrap

‘ the envelope. rite your name and addresu plainly.

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wolff, Pres.
, Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander, Sec.
156 W. Zid Si’... N. Y. L. 11‘. Wilzin, Treas.

; I

. ITEMS or INTEREST

HE SMALLEST STATION .

Ira, N. ., can boast the smallest electric gen-
served thereby, of which there is any record. The
total consumers comprise a‘ store, a barn, an of-
ﬁee building, two garages, the post-oﬁice and four
street lamps. _. ' I

I

DOGS AS ,RESC_UERS—

'' Mrs. Ruby Pettis, who lives on a ranch near

, The Dalles, 0re., was pinned under a heavy wag-

_ on which turned over when she was on her way

to town. Her two dogs, Jacks and Pup, imme-

diately dug a hole under her head and body,

thus enabling her to breathe and saving her life.

She was unable to extricate herself and was not

rescued for ﬁfteen hours, when a neighboring
rancher came along.

CAR CATCI-IES'A SNAKE V
, A six-fa‘ blaclésnake was found by George
Jlason, Road Engineer‘ for Passaic County, N. J ..
. just outside Paterson the other day. It had a
.. ,girth of a man's ﬂat. And it came already cook-
ed for the table. . _
Mason was driving over Snake's Hill, so named
it because it is infested with reptiles but because
a serpentine twinin of the road. He smelled
‘ V aonieth‘ burnin a sto ped his car to inves-
' tigatemﬁe foun the s coiled around the
exhaust and nicely roasted. _
_ llason believes he ran over the snake and it
._was thrown up by a wheel and entangled.

'51’  ~

 

. TWO BAD woLV_Es’xu.LEn I
~ .‘_. ‘ Two notorious wolves have been destroyed re-
[  Federal-State hunters; In Montana in
enials wolf known as “Two Toes," was kill-
, -by  Wil ‘anus after being trailtgd 
.*ten- snow. Ranging‘ over-a rri ryo
‘ ' miles, “Two Toes" ‘had killed.thous-
otdallan worth of cattle in the past two
‘ made her bizmest known kill
two ran in one week.
 andmun wolf cube were

  
  
  

  

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

the Loin in a se arate piece or paper to avoid cutting“

if crating station, with the smallest constituency,

the class. promptly. V E .

 

 

taken alive and destroyed. The death of “Two '
Toes" marks the end of a long list of killings
in the Highwood Mountains.

In Taney County, Mo., a destructive old black A
wolf, locally called “The Old Black Devil," was
captured in April. For years past this animal
had been a terror to the farmers of this county‘
and of Boone County, Ark. He was caught last
year in Boone County but escaped, leaving a toe
in the_trap. Caught later near Omaha, Ark.,
he again got away. During the past winter he
was caught twice by W. S. Beesley, of the United
States Department of Agriculture, escaping each
time, but the third time, in April, was fatal for

im.

Mr. Williams is employed in co-operation work
between the Biological Survey and the Mountain
State Fish and Game Commission, while'Mr.
Beesley is similarl engaged with the Biological
Survey and the Nlissouri State Board of Agri-

culture.

 

LAUGHS

Closeﬁst—No, sir; I respond only to the ap-
peals of the deserving poor. Openhand.——Who
are the deserving poor? Closeﬁst——Those who
never ask for assistance. .

“I'll teach you how to tear you pants!" 53:4.
the irate parent, swinging a strap; “I'll teach ~
I I 7 '
 lookD:l:l E8!}!1‘lll:7sme! PM I know how ahead?‘ ‘.

Father (angrily)——If my son marries that act- "
less, I shall cut him off absolutely, and you can/, .5
tell him so. Legal Advisnr-—I know a better <37‘
plan than that—-tell the girl. * 

a

Boy—Come quick. _There’s a man been fighting
my father mor’n a half hour. Policeman--Why
didn’t you tell me before? Boy——'Cause fathe;-_ _.~,
was’ getting the best of it till a few minutes ’ 
ago." ' ~‘ :

 

“Judge,” said the guilty m... “I inherit .1... 
felonious habit. I can't resist it. My father was 
a grafter and my mother a photographer. I can't .3’.
help taking things.” “Then take seven years gt i
hard labor,” said the judge kindly. . .~

 
  

A colored man recently announced a change in
his business as follows: “Notice—De ’co—partnar- '
ship heretofore resisting between me andjlose  -.3
Skinner is hereby resolved. Dem what owe ds « 
ﬁrm will settle wid me, and dem what do; ﬁx-133. ‘xii,
owes will Qttle wid Mose." * -7 

    

 

 
    

“These kids I teach abit slow,” ohagg-7} _ 

    

   

a} school titehacher recentlh. “tlgj -f:tilit._§'
leyread epapers. eoer y 1-opogﬁ
the following ‘problem to my arithinetig: clan":

   

f‘A rich man dies and leaves _$l.000,000. On&§£&>l“- ‘
is to to his wife, one-sixth ‘to his son, orig;
sevent to his daughter, one-eighth to his broth.
er, and the rest to foreign missions. 
each get?‘ ““A lawyer,’ said the littlest 

       
 

   

    
       
    
  
  

,.
‘,,

v w.

   
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
 

NOVEL MEDICAL RECORD

When the cornerstone of a new hospital now
‘g erected in New Yorls has been set in place.
complete record of modern medicine will be
“placed in the block for posterity. Molded in the

- will be a reel of motion picture ﬁlm show-
doctors performing operations of this period,
re will also be a complete set of glass stained
--u ens of all lmown disease-producing bac-
’, and ready for scrutiny under the micro-
w 100 years from now: a collection of drugs
V ed as speciﬁc cures for diseases and a rec-
- Zof those diseases now regarded as incurable.

1*" UMBRELLA USED IN BALTIMORE
The first European umbrella was practically
. article of household -furniture. It weighed
»- to live pounds, its ribs were ﬂrst made of
tubes or whalebone,‘ with its stick as heavy‘
small tree, and its covering made of leather

 heavy o_iled cloths. _
.. European improved on* it so it could be
- - - up, ‘and around 1640 it began tobe beau-
with handles of precious woods.
uall lightened, its covering made of linen,
sili or varnished paper. Its first Ameri-
usa was at Baltimore in 1750.
Ameriican ingenuity has devised the lightest
, most durable umbrella in the w_orld.- But
*3)! the eﬁort of American ingenuity the in-
+ could not manufacture a single umbrella
for the manganese imported from Brazil and
» v ‘India that goes into its steel ribs, or the
whi is mixed with cotton to make the cov-
, or e malacca, bamboo, maholgany or oth-
ported woods used in the hand es.

    
 
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
  
 
 

 

I

srnnlcs RECOVERY or SIGHT

What is believed to be the first recorded re-
4 ‘ horn total blindness, which physicians do
. . . is likely to be repeated, was reported
Long Island College Hospital in Brooklyn

-. yman who. was striden is Victor Atwell,
".313, of No. 1070 Brooklyn avenue, a drafts-
iii the Pearl street oﬁces of the Brooklyn
- Company. Until Feb. 21 his sight‘ was
- than the average. On that day it began

.1. and three days later he became totally

- to the attack he _si_iEered~' violent head-
’ The family physician took him to a
who sent him to the hospital. _
. it was found that his pupils were in-
to li ht. which conditions is generally

 
    
 
 

. ' esce f permanent I:
t:'1'l£ln0V8 bossible pressure from hm

“base ofthe none had

    
  

‘FAME AND iKiR'rUNE WEEKLY
BERII-:1-‘EABUT POINT]-SD.

lindness; An -

it continued until the other day, when Atwell
could distinguish between persons standing in his
room. He was allowed to leave his bed, and on
going to a window could make out trees and
buildings. \

He now sees only out of the corners of his
eyes, and it is necessary for him to roll his
e_yes about in examining objects. Physicians be-
lieve he will recover his sight completely within
a few months. They believe. however, that in a
few weeks he will be able to read newspapers.

BIRDS, BEASTS AND SERPENTS CROWDED
IN TOWN '

Noah and his ark had nothing on the little

mountain town of Cottonwood, Cal., when it
goings to number and varieties of animals on
an .

_ The_foot_—and-mouth disease which has raged
in California for several months, but which now
has been practically wiped out, has been a serious
matter. but there has‘ been some’ humor in the
situation, at that—witness the present state at
aﬁairs at Cottonwood.

State and Federal guards are stationed at Cot-
tonwood, near the Oregon border, to enforce quin-
antine regulations, which, among other thing
forbid the transporting of animals and birds of
any description into the state to the north. Tour-
ists are halted by the score every day and those
who are found to have their pet animals or bird:
with them are forced to leave them behind when
crossing the state boundary. _

Dogs, cats, canaries, parrots, chickens, goats.
guinea pigs, monkeys, gel horses, cows-—
even ostriches and a pet snake-all these have

-come under the quarantine ban. The result is

Cottonwood’s facilities for caring for animals and
birds have become 0 .

Many of the tourists passing thro h are
wealth and many of the pets are valuab e. Re-
sult: he youngsters of Cottonwood are reaping
a rich harvest from the pocketbooks of travelers
who hire them to care for their pets emu they
return for them or have them shipped.

Every
stranded _ _
.. The other day one of twelve ostriche_s,_ being
shipped East and held up by the authorities, es-
caped and ran ainuck thmu _ the streets of the
town. Two cowboys were red to‘_capture the
wandering bird, which layed at times a nasty
temper. .After cosisidc le excitement, one _of
the “punchers” succeeded in housing the ostrich
and he was returned to the V8111 ill Which 1IiS‘fel-
lows were confined. .

Two Eastem women

irds and animals.

one of several tents erected for_ oocutxéa-iicy at I‘

tourists while their clothing is di'

While_ the s at the  station wen
ﬁlth wanien’s ganncntl. the wind 
mg in 03 the desert lifted the tent from over

waiting' (1
;naroosied until the guards could 
or them. , . l . V p ,

z. 1

k
l

rd in town,_practically, is stocked with__

 
    

  

 
 
  

 

1 ‘Bureau, inquiring about the.£orec_ast.
‘ ’ -, rto—day and to-morrow?"

0 said to
, gr. 1:

 mighty

years passed before the fork finally
1 ts

  

2.

_ CLOCKS WITHOUT DIALS
As early as the twelfth century mechanical
ﬂocks were known in England and used in the
churches, although strangely enough dials do .not
seem to have been introduced until some 200 years
later, and as late as the seventeenth century
many village churches were provided withclocks
which had no face. a -1 ,'

. The methods used to sound the hour were fre-

jiuently most ingenious. The hour and ‘its di-

Visions were frequently struck on the hell or
bells by ingeniously devised automatic ‘ﬁgures
rtermed “jacks.” , ' I ,
The great clock of Rye, the pendulum of which
awings free in the church, was paid for by the
church wardens in 1560-2, and is said to ‘be the
‘oldest English clock still doing its work.

TEBEATENS WEATHER MAN
Accused of threatenin bodily harm to James
H. Spen_cer, chief of the ocal Weather Bureau of
Baltimore,» Joseph L. Hebrank, thirty-one years
old, was held recently without bail pending men-

. tal examination. According to police, Hebrank

is obsessed with the belief that Mr. Spencer is
re onsible for the hot weather.
ebrank made, several visits to the Weather
He asked
Spencer: 7 _
“What kind of weather are we going to have

Spencer read the forecast predictin showers,

tiiuinidityl ‘and continued heat, and Vebrank is
ave replied:

“Well, I am getting tired of this kind of weath-
ou don't better weather I'm going
to knoc you off.” _

Spencer then called the police.

‘ MAN ATE, WITH KNIFE on STARVED
- - IN 1600 -

But 300 years ago a man either ate with a ‘

knife or starved. The authority for this state-
ment is J h D. Little, manager of the sterling
silver galleries of the International Silver Com-
pany of New York. ' _
“The iii-st fork," Little says,"‘was introduced
into Enﬁland during the reign of the high and
lizabeth, the maiden Queen. The Queen
had several of the implements brought to her,
but promptly cast them aside as_ too ﬁnicky and
utterly. unworthy of her attention. Scores of
came into
own. Those who,used forks, like those who
purchased the ﬁrst automobiles, were not consid-

ered violent enough for conﬁnement in an insti-
- tation, but would hear watching.”

. Little traces tlie~ evolution of the spoon from
,tlie.-clamshell picked up by the earliesb human
rprogenitors;

, ' «PLATE GLASS CRUCIBLE LASTS ONLY
‘ - TWENTY

DAYS
  '5; plate ilassitniaking isﬁthat I:
,_  7,0113 1'8 8011311
islet ii iewrliysl‘ in‘_ae1‘vice.p W ..
 stock or these

 

equipment, the crucible for

   

'FAM_E AND FoRTU1~i'e WEEKLY’ E I 
ITEMS OF INTEREST

pots must be carriedon hand. Some factories
keep a reserve supply of 5,000 pots, each weigh-
ing 3.000 pounds, in storage.

These pots are made of a special kind of clay.
Each one is capable of melting one and one-half

tons of glass at once time in a temperature of .

from 2,500 to 3,000 degrees F. for a day and a
night. 4

The work. of making the pot begins three
years before it is used. Selected clay is ground,
screened, mixed accurately with certain constitu-
ents, kneaded and, then stored away to “ripen.”

The pot has to‘be formed by hand because a . .

‘slight defect would cause it to crack in the fur-‘

nace, thusdestroying its valuable contents. The
potmaker, therefore, builds it up laboriously,
layer by layer. - '

The pot is subjected to rigid tests before being
used. In actual use its life is under twentv days.

‘ w

LOOK, Boys!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN in rrs
ACTIONS!

_ _ It consists of a handsome parallel.
iron frame on which the little yellow
{nan accurately performs like an ath- .
e . . ‘

Five Different Stunts-

TI:lE_ FLYIEG TRAPEZE--— Release the
trig(gler-pi_n and the figure swings for-
W31‘ . 8'1'lPP1118..th_e brass trzpeze—bar,
tuiériié %t;l'rl'lel!)‘Salll1lit H111 tlie air and catches
a - s ee s. . '
THROUGH Ting LOOP--_A swift swing’
and he toes through a wire loop, makes
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings .
headvdownward from a bar. 0 -.
THE_ GIANT SWlN8— He goes forward
with a_ rush, releases the trapeze, catches
'a,horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift some:-saults in the air and
catches by his heels again.

He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cir-
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
Vented.

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World! '

PRICE.$l.50 
_The collapsible stand and the little mani-
Deli1:el?edIe:ty{vl?ack?d till‘; aiihgtzéddmm 9°‘
:1 ere in ’ '
receipt ofprice. Addren ‘mi. Sta.“
. WOLFF‘.NOVELTY G0. :.  
166 W, 23d St«.*New. Xprk City,.:!¢.§;I:,,,-,-

q

  

7»; ‘am,

 

-._‘_ ma
,5“

  

 

    
   

  

:-

 
 

.'.:x~..,, («

    

“The Best Hunch I Ever Had!”

“_It happened just three years ago. I was ‘ manager of our Western qfﬁce at $5,000 a year.
feelmg pretty blue. Pay day had come around T"“"g. °“' '53‘ °°“PP,‘,‘ ‘l”"° Y°‘“" 39° ‘'3' “"3 ' *
y again and the raise Ind hoped for ‘vasnyt there. ‘best hunch I ever had.

" 1 If bcgan t_0 100k 35 31°‘-‘Eh I W35 '50 5P°“d m)’ ‘For thirty-two years, the International Correspon-
hfe checkmg orders at a small salary. dcnce _Schools haye been. helping men to win
I 141 picked up a magazine to read. It fen promotxomtoearh more money, to have hafpy,pros-

. . . , perous homes to get ahead ' b ' d ' |'f .

0”“ at 3 ffmlhar advertisement’ and 3 °°“p°n aYou, too, con have the po‘e‘ltio‘:l;:'w‘:nt‘l1n 
_ Snﬂd mt"! tl1¢fa_C€- Month after m0l‘ltl1 501’ work you like best. Yes, you can! All we ask is

gt? yea1_'s~l’d been seeing that coupon, but~never the chance to prove it. '

,_; gznnl that x;x3‘ment had I tllglougltnlt of It af V_l"i$out cost, wigiout oblrglgationwjﬁll mark and
‘meanin an in to‘me. ut 's time *3“ *5 °°“P°n- ° 1‘ 58 ' 3°“ .
’read'thegadvertisergnent twice—-yes, evlery word] - — — -- — — — — — -— - — - - - *' "" "" "'
u . K . . . . mrznuanouu connm-ougsugn souoou
V ' ‘Two mxllxon men, 1t saxd, had made that Box 4491-: I-I-N:-u M I E“ M

coupon the first steppxng stone toward success. u.wp‘§-hl't‘:"on°1'r' 13' c7n‘;“s'x?n‘l£"e':' 33:} water"? hove -ck-3“:-mi:
In every line“of busmess, men were getting W3""" """"""g_,°°"n'f,'°‘

  
  

 

 
    
   
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
    

. . luuevnem ‘ F
Iplendxd salanes because they had torn out that El:-‘"4-3‘z5c'ra".l: Iumeelnul . tau-‘gt mm
‘coupon. Mechames had become foremen and :3“ Inhlwnueot gsﬁwc-rghgfuﬁuu
§uperintendents—carpenters had become archi- '5:-n-3'3‘-'ma_n _ ;. rang“ g‘-V-‘tin;-ml‘-3.1!!-h
tact: and oon:ractors—-clerks like me had be- _ t-m.ox.unicJ...cc.umss.‘ gmwlcggim
» tome sales, advertxsmg and business managers ‘i'?':’:°v'.'{§°§."c§.c-:5 mm school suwuu .
O. R  d th t asponhh Fund: nlutndnl Ucumonhl
“use they use 3' °°“P°"- Tecuuucu. AID mouammu. counen

Architect
Architects‘ Blue

“Suppose tha.tI . . ?‘ What ifyby studying

 

at home nights I really could learn to do some- ‘?°...'::'.:.“:...‘..""n’.’:':..‘:‘..

thing besides check orders? I had a. hunch to §££"'J.5§'.l"'"°"

ﬁnd’ out—and then-and there I tore out that §"u':&':‘§u'ln. §£x"""°

coupon, marked it, and dgailed it. . f“"’'':.:... N

‘ a‘‘That was the turn in the road ﬁor me. "mm. 

Zfbe Schools at Scranton suggested just the n---'  ‘
rseof training I needed  they worked §‘.’..°.‘.‘.. - ‘. ‘ oioeo  *

 me every hour I had to spare. ‘ cm _
 six months‘ I becclnrlge ‘elf dmy division. . x  , y l
"1 year my on ary a n on e . And I've ‘ '
pdvenciog ever  Today (was appoint‘e_«L a...x"'°'3 1"“-“  "‘ 95‘-'-ei:"4'l"n7 “ -
V‘ _ A “V .  _ y \ I I *

'.u-

   

  

‘ -_>_ . x r'

3.4

 

   LITTLE ADS

Write to Riker 6? King, Advertising 0135693, 1133 3TOI{4wa). _Neﬂ_I Yof/I C1'!,V._0"
29 East Madison Street, Chicago, for particular: about advertising nu tlus magazine.

‘ AGENTS WANTED _ ..
AGENTS-900 an hour to advertise and distribute
urnplcs to consumer. Write QUICK 101' UTYIWU ""1
nartiuulars. American Products 'Ca.. 165:! Aznericen
Bl\l2.. Cinci Iti. 0

HELP WANTED

BE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity for men and women
{or secret investigation in your district. Write C. '1'.
Ludwiz. 521 Weswver BldK.. Kansas CH1. Mo.

EARN $110 to $250 monthly, expenses plid u Beilway
Tracir Inspector. Position guurenteed utter '
tion of 3 months home study course or money refunded.
"Excellent ovmrlunitles. Write for Free Book! M-

‘ 101 Stand. Business Training Inst. Bulfllo. N. Y.

DETEOTIVES NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel experience unnecessary. Write George B.
Wemer. former Govt. Detective. i968 Brutdwey. N. Y.
DETECTIVES Make Big Money. Tnvel. be your own
hoe: Easily Learned. We instruct. Illllll cost.
Write Johnson's Detective School. 1401 Letnyetu An.
FR. Grand Rapids. Michlzzin. Dept. S. S.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED"

OTOKIES, POEMS. PLAYS. 910,, Are wanted (or publi-
cation. Submit M88. or write Literary Bureau. 615

hummai, Me.
RERSONAL

IARRY——VIEALTHY GIRL. considered beautiful, wants
congenial husband. Eva. B-1022. Wichita. Kansas.
OTEL OWNER. worth $60,000. Wishes merrilja. 13..
Box 866, League. Denver. Colo.
ARBV l._F LONELY: Home Maker: hundreds rich:

' conﬁ<lenual:_ rumble: yeers experience: descriptions

ree. The Successful Cluh. Box 556. Oaklnnd. Calif.

EET A SWEETHEAIIT. Exchange fatten. Write me
enclosing stamp. Violet Btyplf Ohio.

PERSONAI.—Continued

IF LONESOIE exchance jolly letters with beautiful
ladies and wealthy gentlemen. Eve Moore. Box 908.
Jacksonville. Flu. (stamp).
LOOK WHOSE HERE! Princess OKIE world fumuui
uuroeoouex. Get your’: bodey. Don't delay. Send full
hirthdmc and 106. K. Okie. Box 250. Mus. Su. 51.,
New York. N. Y.
LONELY HEARTS. win our Club. be happy. corre-
everywhere. many descriptions, photos free;
either sex. most successful method. 23 yours’ experi-
ence. Standerd Cor. Club, Grayslska, ill.
MARRIAGE PAPER—20th your. Big issue with descrip-
tions. phowe. nunee Ind addressee. 25 Cents. No
other tee. Sent sealed. Box 2265 3, Boston. Mass.
HARRY-~Perticulem for stunn. F. Morrison, .3‘-3053
W. Holden Street. Seltile. Wash. -
IARllV—Free phozoxrephl, directory and descriptions
of vvulthy memberu. Pay when nurried. New Plan
co.. Dept. 36, Kenna City. Ila.
IARRY—IARRlAGE DIRECTORY with photos end
deocrlptlonl (roe. Pay when ed. The Excnsnze,
Dept. 545. Kenna City, Ito.

IARRY—Wrii.e for big new directory with photos end

descriptions I-‘rec. National Agency. Dept. A,
Kenn: City, Mo.
SWEETHEA|IT$' Correspondence; Giuh. Stunned en-

velope for sealed
H. CIeveiI.n(i. Ohio.

SONGWRITERS

POEMS WAN‘I'ED—Sell your mm:-vnrseﬁ for cash. Sub-
mit Men. at once or write New Era Music C0,. 140.
St. Louis, Mo.

. TOBACCO . HABIT

proponl. Llllien Snroul. Sution

ﬁuunnﬂjs i TOBACCO or Snuﬂ Ilahit cured or no ply. $1.00 if
Mn. 1'-‘.  a.iil§:."§'.., £1379” M“ 0" mu’ smm‘ 0°" W"
" % £1‘!-Illa
Iteur-.II=u ﬂeet
n-gnu: wrﬁxg
W. N, you-as¢.w.u.sr:msue.eueuoA'vo..uen-7.0.
‘ . lath!
bi

 

DIMPLES

Bhekheedl.
lei SUI E‘ II Iﬂzaerel 0| Phnplsj

E.‘.'?'.....““"E.....ﬁ*"“" °“i»...“2‘..a°'dl‘:'.“'a. éﬁi
FREE ..:..«=a~.-.'°=.*-.:.=.-.'.=";...'°°"*.-:-‘.;«

  

V .

. IMAKE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS

t d Ch win Gum. Be my azenh
i§5'$:§b'33y Willebuygfroln you. Write today.
Free Samples.

MILTON‘. GORDON

134 Jackson st.. Cincinnati. Ohio

   
 
 
 
  

Guernnteed Time Keep-
er. Given for selling only
,5’ 30 cards of Dreu Snap-For
teners at loo per card. Easily
Sold. EARN BIG MONEY
OR PREMIUMS. Order Your
card: To-DAY. Solid no money.

I ’ We trust you till good: are sold.

OAK 8PlclALl'Y co.
Lancaster. Pa.

  
 

     
 
  

THESCOPL 
uifthey Wergilat‘ ,2- 

    
 
  

 

:.-~-- off.
unakerweenatlve

lekhbuheod. on your 80-4 --VI A
I’ .....":»'."..'."'m=-':'_.,._'.:'..° ﬁgﬁfqwmﬁeﬁggﬁ
rtulv er co.._eao\v. Jackson live. nenC246. clloacodil

UNDER,‘
GROUND SEA
IN SAHARA

T h e r e is an-
imal life 200 and
300 feet beneath
the burning sands
of the S a h a r 2.
Desert. That is
the amazing dis-
c o v e 1- y m a d e
through experi-
ments of sinking
artesian wells at
various points in
the North Afri-
can waste with a
View to possible
i r r i g a t i o n .
Waters drawn
from great depths
were f o u n d to
c o n t a i n small
c r a b s , fish and
shellfish, all per-

fectly alive. The .

discovery is prov-
ing an absolute
puzzle, no theory
so far seeming
entirely satisfac-
tory.

Usually it has
been possible to
explain the pres-
ence of ﬁsh. etc};
in undergroun
waters in the fact
that they were
locked up during
some primeval
catacilysm.
Adapting them-
selves gradually
to new conditions
these animals liv-
ing in darkn '35
are always b .d
entirely or pos-
sess special op-

tical apparatus.

suitablé to dark-
ness. Those found
underneath the
Sahara belong to
a species inhabit-
ing the lakes 0
Palestine. '
S h a f t s sunk
during the last

few years in the,
S a h a r a prove

there are large

~sheets of water

everywhere. . Au-

imals found now « ’

belhf

cause the

.:>=¢. ..\.sd£I

;;.;:'4.~.al‘A:a.-5....-.  «,u. 

I

1 .\_. i.

. «Mr...  I .

 

 

there is a vastl 

' underground sea. »

densely inhabited.‘

  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
     
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
    

“FOUR
CORNERS”
STATES

There are such
.States, but only
one set of “four
corners” States
in the United
_ States, W here
 four states join
at the corners.
This point is
upon a spur of
the
Mountains, where
Colorado,
New Mexico and
Arizona join. It
is said that at no

' other point on the
globe do we find
four States, prov-
inces or territo-
ries uniting to
form a junction.
‘_ This spot is not
easy of _access
and few tourists
ever see it, yeta

j monument stands
3- _ at the verypoint
erected by United
-'. States surveyors
5 ‘ an d inscribed

‘_ of \he States
- whose boundaries
meet. there. The
int is reached

’ y a trail from
the road leading
"‘_ from Navajo
~ j. Springs in Colo-
:f'rsdo, in the Ute
 Reservation, to
San-
River. The trail
leaves the road
, and crosses the
;_=;:¢-ivor ‘ near
1 Scott's trading
..: post in Utah, and
#» ends to the
« .~ monument, which
 is ‘of the aisulal
type erecte y
‘the Government
. surveyors to
' mark State cor-
;.ners. A former
monument Was
-destroyed by
‘Navajo Indians
only the
of rocks
but

ii

Carrriso,

Utah, «

with the names‘

Juanv

cger back files be lid
showing a lull package oi your
cigarettes. Lots of
fun scat-in your
' ’ friends. an agreat
P ' V . protect . Sold exclu-
I
l
I

 

'r sivel by us. PAY P081’-
" HA $1.10 on Io-
llvory

  

Pnt.Pundlstg

~

Iouoyhoelsltnotoulsﬁod.

PITUIIIIEI C0 nest. P113 5% sum Ava. In Val

Navy Model AIRSHIP ;
J’ ‘
_ is}; man nuaacuu-rs
,, Boys! Hers atho [restna
modal Airs ' Large sit, .
air bag with inﬂators aru-
shubowith aulomlf Y‘: can
, Ind complain ixutruoliona
{or ﬂying. ill ﬂ
nheigbcori poo
enanee to at y aonal navization.
sochol. soil at 10¢ each,
wonderful Ii ha 1. yours.
urn . ntn ‘ ~

musoss.

     
   

Grout
«of

“ii!
us

Buy: it you want real a
alts sun. 357

‘I6...

753
;-v

5
5.1-
‘H

 

Get Behind a norma-

tor Happiness!

There's nothing like good music for
happiness; and there's nothing like a
Hohner for good music. Any boy or girl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free Hohner instruc-
tion Book, procurable at allgood dealers.
And all good dealers sell Hohner’a
Harmonicas-

‘rhe Worltvé Best

“That Musical Pal of Mine” is a
favorite expression among Hohner en-
thusiasts everywhere. Hohnor enthusi-
asm is sweeping the country. Why
don‘t you got in line for popularity and
enjoyment?

Go to your dealer today, get a
Hohner Ha:-monica—50¢ np—and ask
for the Free Instruction Book. If your
dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner,
lnc., Dept. 156, New York City.

I

OHNER
areas

‘Iv

  
  
 

   

I

 

FREE:

the BOOK for

REDBLOODS '

“Do
It
With
Muscle!” -

BE .1 man or a mouse.

 

. Stride ahead in the world
with your head held high or slink into your hole

like a timid little ‘e. Every living boy or man
has got to accept one ‘or the other, success or fsiluro

. happinea or misery.
Which are YOU coins to chome?

Health. strength and Virility. Personality. Romance and
wealth . . . these are the tokens or physical muss;
these are the rich rewards ol scientlnc muscle ; _

Truth Never Told Before

leaps out oi evayrgaze and p ﬁlial my wonderful
new book. “D0 VVITK MU ‘I'' It absolutsﬁ
proves that every living mortal must stand or rail. oonquwr

b. loi nlael t i tothe
$r.".’..°=€§f"‘..,..'§.i..£.T’..°1.§°.....,..:.‘.,f..‘:‘ "'2l’°'m.‘°‘.'mma
And. reader. that

and internal mmcular pet-iormanee.
YOU!

lI1&BI
“Do It With Muscle!”

is a helpful. plainly wordeo exgzansuon of the methods
by which I. writer became t PHYSICALLY PER-
I-‘ M attained world w Yrofessl nal

t tells how.

ion. world-wesrinx, fear. it: and
whole ||3l horde of phﬂical. mental and sexunl
Isorders resulting from ignorance. neglect and ion .
lavishly illustrated with smn-s oi heretofore unpu
lished superb camera studies at myseli and pupils.

Get Your Copy

of "DO IT WITH IVIUSCLEX" rixht away. It will give
you the clue to the mysteries oi me. .\'o obligation. no
charse. Just send the coupon and one dime 000.) as
an evidence of your genuine lnterut and to help defray
my mailing costs.

LIONEL STRONGFORT

Physical and Health Specialist for 15 Years
Dept. 1484 Newark, N. .I., U. S. A.
ism-----FREE BOOK COUPON -----In
I LIONEL STRONG!-‘ORT "

I Dept. ‘MIG. Newark, N. J.. U. S. A.

Send me my complimentary copy oi "DO 11‘ WITH
MUSCLE!" for which I enclose one dime (lot)
toward mailing expense xunina sooblllltlon. Thh

new boa; my upuinlny mini-vs to attain oomplotn
health. strength and happinta. .


stress.No..........................
City . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . .

&est oi constl

-...a....u-no-coo-coco.-o-g-an--o

  
 

 

 

  

 

A
gt

 

 
 

  

 

' :::m' u snail you WW0 '

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

—— r.A1:ns-r rssuns ——

V943 Di glng for Gold; or. The Luck of a Bov Iliner.
OH Agoy with Grit: or, Earning an Honest Living.
945 Andy the Mill Bay; or. killing to the Top.

946 Fame Before the Footlights; or. The Boy Who

[Basset] the Theatre.

947 Lucky Lee the Oilice Boy; or. The Nerviest Lad in

' New York.

848 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young Messenger.
949 Pushing It Through; or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.
050 A Burn Speeuistor: or. The Young Sphinx-of Wall

Street.

961 The \\~'ay to Success: or, The Boy Who Got 'l‘here.
D52 Struck Oil: or. The Bow Who Made a Million.

9.53 A Golden Risk: or, The Young Miners of Della

_ Cruz.
954 A Sure Winner;.or. The Boy Who Went Out With a
Circns.

For sale by all newsdealors. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price, 71:. per copy, In money or pos-
tage stamps-

THE I-‘OLLOVVING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CEN1/‘S

955 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

956 A Mad (‘up St-heme; or, The Boy Treasure Hunters
of Cot-ns island.

95'] Adit-lft On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
nne. ,

958 Playing to Win: or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street.

959 Tattera; or. a Boy From the Slums.

960 A Young Monte Cristo; or. The Richest Boy in the
World.

961 Won by Pluck; or‘, The Boys Who Ran a Railrohd.
962 “ Beating the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done. -
9% A Rolling Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
964 Nevyelrl Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy
965 Bast: oegihe Market; or,‘ The Greatest Boy in Wall
ree . V
966 The Chance of His Life: or. The Young Pilot of
Crytal Lake.
967 St;-‘iving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million.
968
989

Outntor Business: or. The Smartest B0 in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune; or, Striking It R ch in Wall
St t. '
970 rnsr§§e§:: ’Ii;hick and Thin; or. The Adventures of a
use or.
Doing His Love] Best: or. Workingwﬂis Way'Uv.
Alway; on Deck: or. The’ ‘Boy ho Made His

M . .

. A-liaiint of Money: or. The Young Wall Street
B k .

Therolfaldder of Fame: or. From Oihce Boy ‘to

13$

Senator.
On the Squsre: or, The Success of an Honest oy.
After a Fortune: or. The Piuckiest Boy in the est.
Winning the dollars; or .The Young Wonder of
Wall Street. ’
Making His Mark: or, The Boy Who Became
President.
Heir to a Million: or, The key Who Was Born

IE:-Ltkiiyii the ‘Andes: or. The ‘Treasures of the Buried

City.
On His Mattie: or. A Plncky Boy in Wall Street-
A Lucky Chance: or, Taking Fortune on the Wins.

t nste 30!.
chgsing Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in ‘W311
street.

am i 5. a an

V HARRY K. WOLFF, Publisher, Inc-.
In West 28:! Street New "York OH!

  

HOW TO
SCENARIOS mm

rise. as can as can
' most recent chants!
contraction and submission 0!

‘nuts hoizkugontuua all the
I KID ‘Ill
f..;":::'.:*°“‘“'. ...°::a.°:;°:*::=..'::.°:x .. ..°:

  

Bookstores.‘ it you cannot procure ég
3 cents. in money or '13! an.’

The Road to success; or. The Career of a For-.

  
 
 
 

P’: 3" ‘
NIB“. N -

no ._AvI-'.  ___Y°'*o '5.‘-

.w, ,

i

 

   
 

oun TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS

Useful. Instruetive, and Amusing. They contain j 
‘ Valuable Information on Almost 
Every Subject. _ °

No. 1. NAPOLEON? OBACULIJM AND DREAﬁ 
BO0K.—Containing the great oracle of human destiny;
also the true meaning oi’ almost any kind of dreams. J
together with charms. ceremonies, and curious games of 
ca 5. 2

No. 2. now To no 'l'RlCKs.—'I‘he great book of
magic and curd tricks. containing full instruction on all ,_-.
the leading card trick nf the day. also the most popular ' 
magical ilusioss as performed by our leading magi- ".
clans: every boy should obtain a copy of this book. .7‘

No. 3. HOW TO l"LIll'l‘.—-The arts and wiles or ﬂlrta- ,
tion are fully explained by this little book. Besides the
various methods oi‘ handkerchief, fan. glove. parasol, ‘5
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the
language and sentiment of flowers. -

No. 5. HOW TO MAKE L0\'E.—A complete guide to
love. courtship and marriage, giving sensible advice.
rules and etiquette to be observed. with innnv curious '
and interesting things not generally known.

No. ‘I. HOW TO KEEP BIRDS.—Hanrlsnmciy illus-
trated and containing full il'IStl'li(‘li(Ins for the manage- ‘
ment and training of the canary, mockingbird, bobolink, ' 
blnckbird. paroquet. parrot. ntc. 

No. 8. HOW TO ISECOMPI A SCiE.\"l‘lST.—A useful ‘.‘-'
and instructive hook. giving a complete treatise on ‘
Fhemistfi: also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.
mathematics. chemistry. and directions for making ﬂre- _. ,
works. colored ilres. and gas balloons. This book can- ' 4
not be equaled.  ' ~"'

No. 9. HOW TO BECOME A VEN'l'RII.0Q[llS‘l'.—
By Harry Kennedy. Every intelligent boy reading this "
book of i1f1s;ruc$ion;“can ‘master the art, and create any
amount 0 un or mse f and friends. It is th -
est book ever published. B ‘we? .

Ne. 10. HOW To BOX‘.-—-The art of self-defense made
easy. Containing over thirty illustrations or guards,‘
blows and the‘ diiferent positions of a good boxer»,
Every bag should obtain one of these/useful and in-
structive ooks. as it will teach you how to box with-. 
out an instructor. ’ 

No. 11. now To wrwrs: I.ovr:—Ln1-‘urns.--A most» ~:-,2;
f:3'i3$2°xlii2‘$.”.  ‘us: °*~w;~==- :2: ~=*....t~ :2

- - en 0 use em. vn l :2"
letters for young and old. ‘i K ‘

No. 13. HOW TO D0 11‘; OI. BOOK 017' If!» ,
QUE'l'TB.«—lt is a great life secret. and one t,hat-eveI'y
younrirnnizn desires to know all about. There’: hlppl-V
ness _ .

No. 18. JIOW TO KEEP A WINDOW GARDEN."
Containing full instructions for constructing ; window
garden either in town or country, and the most approved,-
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers ll. home. ‘I50
most complete book of the kind ever published.

No. 17. HOW TO DBEs§.—Containi tul Inga-ne--Z
tion in the art of dressing and appearing? well! at home ’
and abroad. giviu the selections of colors, material.»
and how to have i em made up. -wt.

No. as. now 'ro nncomr nn.sU'rrrur..—om- an.
brightest and most valuable little books ever givoetmtn.
the world. Everybody wishes to know how to
beautiful. both male andfemale. The secret is single,
and almost costless. _ -

No. 10. HOW TO ENTERTAXN AN I
PAIt'l'!.—A complete com ndlmu or games sports,
card diversions" comic reci tions. etc.. suitable to: pan.
lor or drawing-room entertainment. It contains nose
for the money than‘ any book published. . . .

No. 22. HOW TO DO SECOND llGlI‘l‘.—Heiler‘s ﬁg-
ond si ht ex lained by his former assistant. Fred
Jr. mplsin ng how the secret dialogues were
on tween the magician and the boy on the stagegﬂu‘ .
giving all the codes and signals. .. 

s.—'rau llitiQ":.~

 

 

A

   

No. 28. HOW TO EXPLAIN DBIAI
hook gives the explanation to all kinds of dreams,-Co-
gether with lucky and unlucky days. i ‘

No. $8. HOW 1'0 TELL l'0B'l'll'Nl:8.-3791’!  W...
desirous of knowing what his future life will bring "
whether happiness or misery. wealth orv POVGPU. You»
can tell by a glance at this little book. Buy one and 
convinced. . I ~

For sale by all newsdealers. or nu he sat 

address on receipt of price’. 106. DH’ NW. ‘
~ ‘ in money or stamps. by V :

{user 2. Hwouu-‘.  .1-as J»

 
 
 

 

    