BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
N°- 979 JULY 4» 1924 Price8Cents

       
 
      

 

. §Tf‘@E’{§[I[E§ @113"
@V$ TFIHJAT MAKE [M]@|N]Ci3Yo

._.'.._;____ __-._ ‘R_ "V . V ,,_ .- ’Nﬁ""‘~a- .3‘
said Jack, bending forward to gxvo them a hand. "The poor tell
seems to be about done up." “He's nothing but a. wreck. and is 1.: light as

a feather. almost." ropligd Tums. raising the sailor up.

   

OW

    

‘Are You A Radio Fan‘?

Read Pages 24 and 25

    

Dd Knot; New York. N. Y. tutored
ﬁe Pod-Oﬂlce at New York. N. 1.. under the Act of March 3.

-FAME‘ AND FORTUNE WEEKL ’

leaned weekly——Subscrlption price. $4.00 Inr rear; Canada. $4.50; Foreign, 85.00. Harry E. Wall. Publish , I ., my
Welt u Second-Class Matter. October K 181. G er -e

,1 No.‘ 9'79

   

s.

'2 ,
 CHAPTER I.—The Boy Who Was Born Lucky.

 “It's better to be born lucky than rich," grinned
g. Joe Tuttle, who had just picked a nickel oil‘ the
5- ’ ground, exhibiting his ﬁnd.
, - “That’s right,” replied Jack Ward.
wonder I didn’t ﬁnd it instead of you."
“Why so?"
“Because I was born lucky.”
' “Who said you were?"
“Professor Gregory.”
3 “Did you let him cast your horoscope?’
,5‘-— “I told him to go ahead."
 » f'How did he do it?"
B

  

“It's a

 

_. .- .. “Ask e something easy, will you? I didn't see
‘I ’ him do it. He asked me to tell him the day and
"'1 [hour I was born, and the place. Yesterday after-
. 3' noon he called me aside and showed me the result
7 ‘of his calculations. He said that I was heir to a
‘ million.”

“Heir to a million!” gasped Joe.
' He was liberal with you.”

“Not onl that, but he assured me that I would
get the mil ion before I was a year older. This is
 ’ the luckiest year of my life."

:2” “And you believe all that rat?” asked Tuttle,
 “_. with a look of disgust.
» “It does sound just a little bit preposterous,
‘doesn't it?" ~
 “I should say it did. Heir to a million, and
 you're going-to get the million right away. Well,
: T I didn't think the profasor would find pleasure
in stuﬁng any as us chaps like that. Did he say
who was going to leave 3,011 the million?”
. “No.” - ~ ’

' “Got any relatives in_the meat trust, or ice

,1.

  

“Gee whiz!

 

  

 
 
 

  

‘trust, 0 u , .
,- “No,” laughed Jack. I'm not so fortunate.”
“You ought to have, being that you were born

1'» ”."l¥o. Mother was a lone chick when father

, married her. She had neither parents, nor broth-
rs."

e of our_father’s folks are side

jartners of kefeﬁerf grinned Tuttle.' ‘

‘Jack shook his head.’ .

“Tihen I don'_t see how you can be heir to a mil-

  

   

  

 

NEW YORK, JULY 4,

'_ OR,.'l‘HI:‘.-BOY wuo WAS BORN LUCle*."‘,""'M‘,“,", , , i
_ V L|'u',.=Ug‘_:\ Buuax  1,

By'A SELF-MADE DEN ‘~*»é~;src. .‘.\,v,.-,~’£-t,';'u, Q ma, 5.;

;a¢,;I._. rd be willing to tad. of my, \

1924 Price 8 Cents.

Ham TO A MlLLI,Qm.,, 'A 

.6 -H.s,¥;',

E3.-"—'.:i'I :-:DE 05 AVE.
expectations for enough of good American bills
to pay off the mortgage on our cottage, or even a
year or two's interest."

“I wouldn’t mind having the professor cast my
horoscope if I thought he could ﬁnd a million in it
for me," chuckled Joe.

“What would you do with a million in money,
Joe, if you got it?" ‘ .

“What would I do with it? Say, don't make my
mouth water, Jack. I could ﬁgure up ﬁve hundred,
different ways of getting rid of some of it. In the
first place, I’d take Sue Rankin down to the ice
cream parlor and ﬁll ‘her up to the neck with
frozen sweetness. _She told me this morning that
if there was anything she doted on it was ice
cream and sponge cake."

“That was a pretty broad hint.” laughed Jack.

“I'm going to borrow a quarter from mother
after supper so that I ca satisfy Sue’s longings.
If I don't treat her, Wad Wilcox will, and then
I'll have to punch Waddie in the solar plexus.
He's getting too fresh with Sue Rankin."

“Waddie’s father is the mainstay in this village,
and Waddie has the spcndulix to treat the girls.
That’s where he's got the inside track with us
chaps.”

“He wants to keep'awa from Sue Rankin or
there’s going to be trouhle,” said Tuttle, bel-
ligerently. _

“You want to go slow, Joe. Squire Wilcox
might have you put in the 1ock—up if you were
to hurt his son and heir.” '

“Then let his son and heir mind his own busi-
ness. What do you s’pose he had the nerve to try
to do at the picnic last Saturday?’ -

“What?”

“Tried to steal a kiss from Sue.‘

“He was reckless, wasn't he? I know a man
who stole a kiss from a pretty girl, and he's pay-'
ing the penalty for it.” I

“What was the penalty?”

“Hard labor for life."

“Oh, come off. How could ‘he get hard labor for

life just for kissing a girl?"
“He married the girl," snickered Jack. . . "

~ “Say, you're almost smart enough to be eiitaﬁ
of a comic paper}? replied Joe. '
Juk chuckled again, blgt made no reply,

- 1

_\ '1;

  

 

.. ~"‘
'.-I-xiv‘
.

:55,
p.
\
_ vi
- 2


   
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
       
      
      
   
 
     
   
     
    
       
       
    
    

   

‘F.

 

   
 
 

 

_ The two boys, who were schoolmates and chums,
were on their way to one of the wharves of the
village of Northcliffe, "Long Island, the place
where they both lived. ~

Jack Ward, who was the elder by three months,
was the only son of a widow in very moderate
circumstances. ' \

He had a sister named Daisy, two years his
junior, and the three lived in a pretty cottage not
a great way from the bay. Jack attended the
Northcliﬁe Academy, and was considered one of
the brightest and most promising students. He
was also regarded as one of the smartest boys in
the neighborhood. He was an expert in all out-of-
door sports, particularly that of boating._ The
water had attraction for him that was second to
no other amusement, and he was never so happy
as when sailing about the harbor, or out into the
great bay beyond, which connected Long Island
Sound. His father, now dead two years, had been
employed as a skilled mechanic in one of the three
shipyards of Northcliife, and Jack for many years
had the run of the yard.

He was thoroughly familiar with the build and
rig of every sort of craft, from a yawl to a full-
rigged ship, though a three-masted schooner was
about the largest kind of a vessel that was turned
out of the yards those days. Jack could handle
a fore-and-after about as good as an experienced
sailor, ‘but his experience ~was conﬁned to the
thrity-footers and under. Squire Wilcox employed
him as sailing master of his son Waddie’s sloop-
yacht Will 0’ the Wisp. a very pretty little boat,
thirty-two feet long. He received $10 a week for
this service during the time the at was in com-
mission, and the job was a sinecure. Joe Tuttle,
Dick Mellon and Sam Smiley made up the crew
of the Will 0’ the Wisp, the two latter being par-
ticular friends of Waddie’s_.

None of them had known anything to speak of
about sailing a boat iitil Jack Ward took them
in hand and drilled them in their duties. As for
Waddie, he steered the yacht, under J ack’s gene-
eral su rvision, whenever he felt so disposed.

Wa ie, like ‘the only sons of many rich fathers,
was a self-assertive youth, and wanted to have
his own way on all ocasions; but he didn’t always
get it just the same. His father was a sensible
man, who knew better than to spoil his son, though

I it is true that the squire was rather pompous in

his manner, and often abrupt and oifensive to his
social inferiors, as he regarded them. Squire

 Wilcox also had a (laughter of ﬁfteen years,

named Nannie, who was looked uponas one of the
prettiest as well as sweetest girls in Northcliffe.

’ Although heiress to lialf'of her father's com-
fortable fortune, she did not assume a haughty

‘ . and exclusive deportment toward her neighbors,

.or, in fact, any one with whom she came in con-
tact. She was very partial to boat sailing, con-

 sequently a frequent passenger on the Will o’ the
 Wisp, and Jack Ward thought her the nicest girl
he had ever met.

She always treated Jack with
great courtes and consideration, often smoothed
over little ' culties that rose between the young
jailing-master and the owner of the yacht, and
 regarded by our hero as an angel in dis-
’ ~ . On the present occasion Waddie had no-
Jack that he and Joe Tittle must "Port 8'5

 
 

r

 

   
 
 

3?} 9 9- an P=.°w<**‘*_9r'= 

 

HEIR TO A MILLION

down the bay, and they expected to ﬁnd Mellon “’
and Smiley waiting for them, which they did.

They sailed out to deep water and Joe was 
staring ahead and uttered a startled cry of “There . -1
is an empty boat ahead!"

CHAPTER II.-—The Paper Worth a Million.

Joe’s announcement attracted the attention of
the others to a weather-beaten rowboat that was
bobbing up and down on the surface of the Sound
about thirty yards ahead. It appeared to be
empty as far as they could make out. ’ 4‘

“It’s some old tub that’s broken loose from its 2‘
moorings,” remarked Smiley. \_

Just then something that appeared like a man’: 7:-‘

 

arm rose out of the boat and fell across the side.

“There’s a man lying down in that boat,” said
Jack. ‘‘He’s just lifted his arm.”

“Some chapwho went out ﬁshing with a bottle _-V:‘
of booze,” grinned Mellon. “He took a drop too "
much, like they often do, and he’s knocked out.’ '-,4

“Then we’ll have to take him aboard and let his 1-!
sleep it off in the cabin,” said Jack. 7 '.;

“If you do, he'll scent the cabin up with rum and 1-:
then Waddie will be made,” replied Dick. ‘ ‘

“We can’t leave him ﬂoating around on tho_ "
Sound in this reckless way. He is liable to lose ' ",5
his life," answered Jack, heading the yacht so an .
to reach to the windward of the rowboat. ' U:
“ “Oh, well, y_ou're_the doctor," intimated Mellon. A

If (you sa pick him up, we’ll take him aboard.’ H 

“ ertain y we’ll take him aboard.” ‘ _-_Q

As the Will 0’ the Wiisp ran close to the 1109. ’ ‘-;,a’
boat the form of a man, stretched out at . '-.‘
length in her bottom, was clearly to be seen. 

j‘He looks as if he had a ﬁrst-class jag on,"
snickered Mellon.

Jack threw the yacht up into the windand
allowgd the boat to come alongside of its own
accor . _ . .
_ “He’s dressed like a tramp—-all tatters and -
rags,” said Tuttle. _ V .~.

“Here, Smiley,” said Jack. “Take the tiller and‘ " -
hold the yacht just as she is." '

He walked forward to where Mellon and Tuttlo‘
were standing on the covered deck. _

“That chap looks like a wreck,” remarked the f
young saihng-master, gazing down into the
not over a yard away. “Looks more like a sta
man than a drunken one. Ifll bet there’s.some-
thing wrong with him.” i _

His companions began to agree with him. The 7
stranger looked like a mere skeleton, and seemed _ .
to be in the last stage of exhaustion. His general-"
appearance showed that he was a sailor, though’
not a common one. Jack remembered having read
somewhere that biscuit soaked in wine was:
good. thing to give to a starving person whal
nothing better was at hand, so he got out a de-
canter of sherry and a few light biscuits, and
proceeded to try and feed the poor fellow. Tb
sailor seemed to understand his motive and smiled’
gratefully. It was with great diﬁlcul that he
swallowed a portion of one cracker, for is throat,
almost refused to do its office. The wjne :5"
mulated him, however, and after a few lliinnﬂru

 

 

 

 

    
         
     
       
    
   

 
 

   
  
 
    
  
  
    

  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   

  
   
  
      
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
 

HEIR TO A

' ‘Lthank you, my lad,” he whispered, “but I'm
fafraid that I am past all help."

“- _“I hope not," replied Jack. '“We're hurrying
» arfast as we can to get u to a doctor."

‘ ' ‘It's no use," answe the sailor, shaking his
a head dismally; “I'll never get well again. A few
-hours more or less and all that will remain of
-David Dabney the undertaker will hide away in
~the nd.”

“'l‘hat’s a bad way to look at things,” said the
hey. “What you want to do is to try and brace
up. Here, take another drink of this wine."

The man who called himself David Dabney
aipped a little of the sherry and then lay back on
the pillow breathing heavily. Jack went to the
cabin door, which was lower than the -cockpit Iliy
three brass-covered steps, and looked out. e
could see that the yacht wasgmaking good time
on her return course and he was satisﬁed.

~ "I dare any a doctor will be able to bring him

around, if I can keep his strengthup until we get

within reach of one," said Jack. “This is the first

 I ever saw a man that was nearly starved

to death.’ a
He.returned to the sailor and found him staring

ﬁxedly at the swinging tray of cut glass goblets

‘ Under the skylight, through which the golden rays

of the declining sun was shining.

“What craft is this?” whispered the sailor.

“‘A~_sma1l pleasure yacht,” answered Jack.

‘Are the owner?"

"-No,”’m only the sailing-master. The owner is
re.

  

  

, ‘Where are we?"
. “At the end of Long Island Sound.”
' The sailor seemed surprised. He appeared to
[repeating the words from the motion of his
. pa, though they gave forth no sound. Jack
._  him to take another‘ drink and he did so.
"' e wanted him to eat another’ cracker but the
sailor shook his head. '
_ ‘Wasn't there two others in the boat?" he-
 feebly‘ ,.
‘ ‘No. You were the only one.”
~“$trange,” he muttered. “There were two with
me when we left the brig just before she went
down. That was many ays ago. How long I
- could not guess. The brig was caught in a heavy

within twelve hours’ sail of the Bahamas.
she foundered." ’

“What was the min of your vessel?” \\
Anthony Wayne, harles Hubbard, master; ‘-
~§oIn to New York. I was second mate.’
.1’ Rio de Janeiro to New York, you say?’
-did Jack, making a note of the words in his
: / ‘And your name is David

e .
The sailor nodded.

You claim that there were two other men in
boat with you when you left your vessel?”
‘Y es. Aioremast hand named Bill Dacres, and!
carpenter, Gabe Sherlock.”

‘- ‘You have no idea what happened to them?"

_ . 0. ‘Pine last I remember distinctly they were

' A heat with me." . -

~ ‘:!"!hey niustqhave fallemnverboard, for if they
‘ heeu rsegusd by a passing vessel, you would

  
  

    

  

  
   
  

     
  
  
  

<;__
o

’ nguumpiieatsemte Dabney. “hey
;.*.";!'|°-7 ' * . «

   

. cove on Long Island. and it is there at this,

MILLION

“Not friendly to you?" -

" “No. They united against me in the boat, and
gave me scarcely any of the provisions and water
Ere piit aboard the boat before we abandoned the

rig. .

“Why, that was outrageous treatment,” ex-
claimed Jack, indignantly.

“They didn't mean that I should ever get
ashore alive.” ,

,“Why not?” asked the astonished boy.

“Give me another drink and I will tell you."

Jack poured out half a glass of sherry and put
it to his lips. ;

“Put your hand along the inside edge of my
jacket and see if you ﬁnd anything like a paper ~.
sewn up there," Dabney said. 

Jack did so and soon discovered that the lining
had been ripped open.

“There is nothing like that there, sir.
lining is all ripped." '

“I thought as much,” replied the mate, grimly.
“Take off my right shoe. ' ' '

The young sailing-master followed his direc-
tiion, and an oblong piece of paper fell out on the

oor.

“Is this what you want?” he asked the man,‘
showing it.

“Yes. Thank heavens, I have outwitted them
after all."- '

He took the paper in his ﬁngers and tried to
open it, but had not the strength to do so.

“Open it," he said tb Jack.

The boy unfolded the paper with no little curi-
osity. It was very much soiled and spotted, but
the writing on it was legible, though written by
an uncultivated hand. Jack did not try to read
what was written down, but placed the opened
sheet in David Dabney’s hands.

He_looked_at it several moments in silence,
handling it gingerly, as if he was afraid it might
Eallkto pieces in his hands. Then he looked up at

ac . -

“You'll hardly believe me, I suppose,” he said,
with a ghost of a smile on his drawn features;
“but this paper is worth a million dollars.”

 

 

The . ‘A-.

 

 
    
      
 
       
      
   
  
       
      
     
   

I

   

    
 
   

CHAPTER III.—-Heir to a Million.

     
  
  
 

‘A million dollars!” exclaimed Jack, fully per-
suaded that the man was out of his mind, a con- .
clusion not unreasonable considering Dabney'a.
physical condition. _ - -
V ‘A million dollars,” replied the- mate, with ,
solemn earnestness. ' “You have heard of the "
famous ‘pirate, Captain Kidd, haven't az-

“Yes. replied Jack. “I should th k I have
heard of him.’ V 5
“You have heard also, I suppose, that he buried. i
almost the whole of the plunder in different.‘ ‘
places?’ ‘ 4

“Yes, and with th e ti f ti‘ nut
gas discoverexdefn ‘(gig-dirlierﬁ? ‘I)sl:n‘<ll‘ms:ont,after

was ca tu 't h al been ’
where he hid the 're1st ofsitf’ ﬂy‘ ‘ . “Ft.”

“He hid the bulk of his treasure in’ a certain

‘.1

    
    
      
    
      
        
      
        

 
  

me‘iit,_" replied the mate, in a tone of conviction.
How do   Jug .

    
 

rt

   

  

 

 

 

.given way from lack of noui-is ment.

 

amazed at this revelation, in which, to say the
truth, he took but little stock.

“How do I know?” said the man with a wan
smile. “It is a long story, and I have not the
strength to tell you. If I was not sure I am

.about to die, the secret I am going to conﬁde in

you—-for I like you, boy, and I see no reason why
I should not put you in the way of becoming a
rich man-_——would not pass my lips. Thispaper,
when read aright, will guide his possessor to the
s ot where a million dollars’ worth of Captain
£dd’s treasure lies forgotten in the sands of the
shore, undisturbed for two whole centuries.”

“My gracious!” cried Jack, impressed by the
man’s manner, in spite of his incredulity.

He looked at the remarkable document with eyes
that almost bulged with curiosity. At that mo-
ment Dick Mellon poked his head in at the door
and called to him:

“We're of the bay,” he said. “Joe wants to
know how close he can shave Anchor Rock.”

Jack went outside and took the helm himself.
He put the yacht through the passage between
Anchor Rock and the Neck, thus saving some-
thing over half a mile. _

Jack returned to the cabin. He found their pas-
senger in the same position he had left him, with
the paper in his hand. His eyes were closed and
he was breathing as if asleep. It was _only a
cat-nap, however, for Dabney opened his eyes
when Jack approached the locker on which he lay.

“Feel any better, sir?” asked the young sailing-
master.

“A little,” the mate answered, wearily. “Will
you give me another drink?” ,
“Sure I will. As much as you want. Cant

manage another cracker?” _

After taking a quarter of a glass of the sherry,
the man tried to swallow some of the wine-soaked
cracker, but the effort was not very successful.

“What you want is some warm broth, I should
think,”'said Jack.

“I'm past wanting anything,” answered the

te.

“That's all nonsense,” replied the boy. “You
mustn’t give up so easily as all that. People
worse than you have. pulled through and got well.”

“I'll never get well.”

“Oh, say, don't talk like that.
monstrated Jack.

‘You mean well, in lad, and I wish‘ I could
look at it in the same 
strong’ and hearty, while I—m

Cheer up," re-

insides have all
The wine
you have been giving me only just”keeps me up.
It"cI:;nitki<e!e.1?sny)oirie1ri;‘1ii‘lln:hgeddfthr sees ou I’ll
be satisﬁed,” replied Jack. “He’ll know ow to
deal with your case.” - ‘

Dabney made no reply. Apparentl he had
little faith that any doctor would be ab e to help
]ﬁm.h Jackk oﬂered him another drink of sherry

d 't- _
an"YO: wereltelling me that paper contains a clue
to Captain Kidd’s treasure,” said the boy, who had

‘not forgotten the mate’s remarkable statement.

"K did it come into your posse ' T"
‘I: is an accurate translation of the original

 
 

paper, which was written in Portuguese by one of
0 age crew at the San Antonio. the vessel in which

HEIR TO A MILLION

ght; but remember you're.

 

Captain Kidd brought the treasure to Long Island

waters. The man left the paper to a riest on
his deathbed. The priest apparently paced no
faith in the document, or was unable to make use
of the secret. He must have attached some value
to it as a curiosity, for it was kept in the museum
of the convent at Setabal, Portugal, for more
than 150 years, and may be there still. This copy
was made by the mate of an American bark who
had occasion to visit the convent, and while in-
specting the museum saw the original and ob-
tained permission to make this translation for
his own use. He was mortally wounded in l
ﬁght in a Rio wine shop. I stood by him in his

last moments, and he gave me the paper and an I 1

account of how it came into his possession, to-

 
   

 

gether with the history of the original as ho 
heard it from the lips of the monk who baa 

charge of the convent treasures.”

“And you really think there is something in that 0

document?"

“I do. Only a small proportion of the booty’
amassed by Captain Kidd has ever been satisfac-
torly accounted for. This was the £14,000 in
money, besides a quantity of valuable goods re-
covered by the Earl of Bellamont, the English
Governor at that time, of New York. That was
an absurdly small amount of treasure when it is

known that Kidd plundered a score or more of ._'A

rich Spanish galleons, whose combined wealth in

coin and ingots must have amounted to milliona,"._.._;,“‘

without considering their other ‘articles of value.
Kidd hung around Long Island Sound many
weeks in the San Antonio before he ﬁnally landed
in Boston and was arrested.

He had ample op-, 

portunity to dispose of his treasure at his leisure,  

and there is no doubt in my mind but he did so.
This papers hears all the earmarks of truth to my
eye. It was my intention after the Anthony
Wayne arrived at New York to go to the spot
indicated by this paper and, by following the di-

rections, made a careful search for the treasure. "
The treasure is not .
Sooner than that the secret go to waste ,, 
I have decided to turn it over to you, my lad, for . "

Heaven has willed otherwise.
for me.

you have been very kind to me since you found

me drifting aimlessly about on the Sound. I 0 i

have no kith or kin in this world. I am utterly
alone. To you, then, I conﬁde this‘secret.
shall be my heir—the heir to a million."

. i
CHAPTER IV.——Captain Kidd’s Treasure.

Heir to a million! Jack Ward caught his breath’ A

as those words struck upon his car.

“You say that paper shows where the Kid! 
treasure lies burried'."’ said Jack, with great,

eagerness.
“It does,"’ repjlied Dabney.
“‘iAnd  is written in English?" ’
‘ t is.’ ‘

. “Then I ‘ought to be able to understand it, I’;
suppose.” " x

“Perhaps not.” ’
“Why not?”  . 
“Well, try and see if you can,” was the answa>,
as Dabney feebly offered him the paper.‘ ' ,

Jack took it eagerly and cast his bright 
over the writing. This is what he Saw .

You g 7:‘: _

    

  
   

 HEIR TO

   
 

' E

* First there was a rude drawing of a cap, then

l»four~footed animal that looked something like
I goat by reason of a short beard that projected
from its chin, then what seemed to be a pile of
1"" lwney. Then in writing:

’ ~ “Cove Long I abt. 3 M, S b
At hi T 18 P from S in‘
Sp2ygFa,§s bearing S S W.

That was all, and to say the truth it was not

veryvclear to Jack.
“ hat do those pictures stand for?" he asked.
“That ought to be easy for a bright boy like

W Gardiners I.
with Coﬂin lid.
M Dig 6 F. skull


,,_,\

 
 

ii-= you," replied the mate. “The first is a cap, the
._ second is. supposed to be a young goat, or kid, and
 the third a pile ofmoney."
 “Captain Kidd's money,” cried Jack, eagerly.
 “'I~‘lﬁ.'s what it means.”
3-‘ Jacki studied over the first lines of writing for

l a few moments, then said:

“It reads this way, I guess-—‘Cove, Long Island,
about three miles south by west Gardiner's ls-
lend.' "

; j “That's right. Try the next.’
 , ' " ‘At high T,’ means tide, doesn't it?"

es." '
.\‘At high tide 18 P—what does P mean?‘

“Paces.

. ‘.5-.*At llsighl tide :8 ‘paces kfrom S’-—I'm stliack
 o, ‘m no " e spo e u again, quic y.
.“ means shore, don't you think??

“So I take it, and it's a natural conclusion.’

__ 1“ ‘In L with Coﬂin lid.’ What do you make that
__' v out to be?”

’ . -‘In line with a rock or some natural formation

."l
..

.«

   
  
   
  
  
   
     
  
  
   
   
  
  
     
   
   
 
   
    
  
    
  

‘Z thlt resembles the lid of an old-fashioned coﬁin,"
 Dabney. “That’s the way I ﬁgured it

3.

“Spyglass bearing south-southwest. Dig six
5,‘ ﬂeet. Skull two feet.’ Not very clear after all.
 What ¢:te;,i,t, mean by ‘Spyglass bearing south-

, ‘ mm".

“Probably some natural object that looks like
~ .....' *""“'”'..:.'.:'*..'.*:.‘.:’*.i.‘::':‘.:. ;:m*.:"::.‘3*"°*‘°"
_, u s .

 _ "‘ ‘Dig six feet’ is plain enough, but what does
-‘Skull two feet’ mean.

‘ “I have thought it out to mean that after you
' sixyop will find a skull, and two feet

__ t e reasure.” ,

’ “But why the skull?” _
‘To  'that the digger is on the right
h'l¢ko. PW 7-

Jack was going to ask some more questions, but

he saw that the man was too exhausted to answer

them. ..

7 While Dabney lay back on the locker with ‘closed
Jack proceeded to study out the meaning of
ﬁpaper in detail. The following is what he ar-
iiied at:

£43.‘-P

' That the treasure in question was buried in a
a'tain.cove at the eastern end of Long Island
ihbutgthree miles south by west from Gardiners
 That the searcher must—go down to the
gﬁter line at the high-tide mark and, having
"‘ .... himself in line with the ed e of a certain
. yhose ﬂat facaresembleicllghef  of _the stytlﬁ

‘u - eebeginn o eighteen
, ‘ sure that I certt3J!I,_?;~.¢*1l°1‘
- ~.- splitting

 
   
   
 
 

 
    
 

 

A MILLION 5

like a spyglass bore south-southwest by compass. '

he must measure of!’ 18 paces from the water line
when he should come to the spot where he should
dig for the treasure.

“It looks easy on paper now, but oh my, what
a job it will be to locate exactly that spot where
one must dig six feet to ﬁnd the skull. Supposing
all this is. really true, it doesn't follow that after
the lapse of two hundred years that the coﬁn-lid
rock or the spygiass rock still stands to point
the way to the treasure. If i9wasn’t for the as-
tonishing coincidence between this matter and
Professor Gregory's prophecy that I should coine
1nto a million this year, I'd consider my chances
of ever ﬁnding Captain Kidd's treasure-trove very
small indeed. But somehow or another I feel it
in my bones that I'm up against the chance of my
life. At any rate I mean to try and verify this
document. If I actually ﬁnd the coflin-lid rock
and the spyglass curiosity on the ground I shall
make a pretty tall eifort to unearth that skull. If
I ﬁnd the skull the other two feet will be mighty
ineresting digging."

Jack put the paper very carefully away into an
inner pocket of his jacket, and after a glance at
Dabney, who seemed to be sleeping, he rejoined
his companions in the cockpit. It was now half~
past seven, the sun had set some little time and
the shadows of coming night were beginning to
settle upon the landscape. The yacht was well
up the harbor and would be at her anchorage in
a very short time.

“How is the mate of the Anthony Wayne now?"
asked Dick.

“Sleeping, I guess."

“You've been a regular good Samaritan to him,
haven't you?"

“I haven’t done more than I ought to do,” re-'

plied Jack.

“Well, you've lost half the fun of our cruise.’

“I'll take the tiller-, Joe, and bring the yacht up
to her moorings. You'd better take the boat, Joe,
and go and get Doctor Gale. The rest of us will
stay aboard until you come back.”

In a few minutes the Will 0' the Wisp came to
anchor, and while Dick and Sam were stowing the
mainsail and jib, Tuttle started upon his mission.

 

CHAPTER V.-—Going‘ Out With the Tide.
0

Jack went into the cabin and lighted the swing—
ing lamp. Then he looked to see how Dabney was.
The mate was lying as passive as ever, but his
eyes‘ followed the boy around the cabin. He mo-
tioned ‘with his ﬁnger for the boy to bend down.
“Take good care of that paper,” he whispered.
“It ought to make you rich. 1
“I'll not lose it, you may depend,” replied Dick.
“onexthing more, my lad. Beware of Dacron
and Sherlock. They've been on the track of this
secret some time- and tried to wrestit from me.
I failed them at the last moment by substituting
a bogus paper for the genuine one in the lining

-of my jacket, which I felt sure they intended to _'

seech at the first chance.’

“Doyoumeantlietwo menwhowereinﬂae

 

  

  

  

Dabney had iiothing more to say. In fact, he
,~= did not utter another word until Joe Tuttle re-
{ turned to the yacht with Doctor Gale. The phy-
' sician, who had already been informed by Joe of
l the circumstances of the case and had brought
with him certain remedies which his judgment
suggested, examined the mate and treated him
as well as he could under the circumstances.

“If you think he can stand removal I will have
him carried to our house,” said Jack. “We have
a spare room, and now my mother will be glad
to do what she can for him.”

Before the doctor could make a reply, Dabney,
with a grateful look at Jack, said:
“It’s not worth while. Let me stay here. I feel
I have only a few hours to live, and I would
rather die on the water than elsewhere.” _
Doctor Gale nodded, as much as to say that it
wasi best_ to humor the patient, and then took Jack
asi e.
“It’s better he should remain here, as he hasn’t
- one chance in a hundred of living out the night,"
he said to the boy. He is too far gone. You and
one of your companions had better stay on board
with him until the end comes. I will send a can
of nourishing broth by a messenger which you
3' will feed to him as often as he will take it. Give
' him the stimulants between times. If he should
be alive in the morning send me word.”
The doctor’s statement was something of a
shock -to Jack, who had hoped Dabney would ulti-
.. mately recover. .
5' “You are sure there is very little hope for him?”
he replied. — _ _
“So little that I shall be very much surprised if
he outlives the night. ‘He has been a man of great
 stamina; but no constitution can withstand what
* / ~, he has evidently gone through with. You will
notice that he will begin to sink, slowly perhaps
it but surely, after midnight; and at the hour when
“; human vitality is at its lowest ebb, probably be—
;. tween two and four, his life will go out like the
snuﬁing of a candle.”

“It is too bad," responded‘ the young sailing-

master.
The doctor looked at the mate once more, felt
' his pulse again, and then took his departure,
promising to send the liquid nourishment within-
half an hour.

“I will have one of the boys waiting at the
wharf in the boat," said Jag, as the doctor step-
ped into the boat. ' « O. '

The doctor nodded, and then Tuttle rowed him
ashore. When Joe came back to the yacht, Jack
stated the case-to the boys and asked which one
of them would remain with him during the night.
He evidently expected Joe to volunteer, and was

, -not disappointed. Dick and Sam were well
pleased that he did, for the job did not appeal
much to them. V -
“I’m much obliged to you, Joe,” said Jack. _
“Don't mention it,” answered’ Tuttle, heartily’;
“If you chaps are ging to stay aboard all m ht,
'said Dick, “how are you going to manage a ut
-your. supper?” '
."I was gomgtnaskyoutogotomyhousebe
 went home and tell my mother the reason
'pIty’Iwon’tbehame,askinghertosead.somome

 
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
   

 

HEIR TO A MILLION

Vpered about ope o'clock.

.3 what! with a lime lunch to: nn.'»‘

 

I

said Jack. “You, Sam, can do the same service
for Joe, as his home is right on your way.” ' 
- “We’ll do it,” replied both boys in a breath. "1
“Do you want me to call on Waddle and tell 
him about the matter?" asked Dick.  '7

“I wouldn’t bother him to—night.
in the morning to tell him.”

“All right,” answered Dick.

“You might as well row Sam and Dick to the
wharf now, Joe,” said Jack. “And remain there
till the doctor’s messenger comes with the man’:
nourishment."

Joe was’ ready to do as he was told, and he soon

Time enough ‘

0 landed their two companions on the dock. Jack

passed the next thirty minutes between the cabin
and the cockpit, at the end of which time Joe
reappeared with a can of broth for the mate. '

It was now dark and Joe, while Jack waif the A
cabin ministering to the dying man, l the
yacht’s red lantern and hoisted it to the top of her
mast. Tuttle, having nothing else to do, rowed to
the wharf to wait for. their expected lunches. His -
own was brought by his young brother, while
Jack’s came a few minutes later—the messenger
being Mrs. Ward’; next door neighbor’s son, :15
it was too dark and lonesome a trip for Daisy.
her daughter, to make at that hour.

The two boys ate their suppers out in the cock-
pit under the stars, and rather enjoyed the nav-
elty of the al fresco meal, though the circum-
stances which had given rise to it kept their con-
versation and spirits rather subdued. David Dab-
ney took his sustenance and the tonic betwea
times as meekly as a little child, and spent the
balance of the time dozing, for he appeared to
have no further inclination to talk. Jack said
nothing to Joe about the paper which made hint
heir to a possible million or something less, as ho
wanted to consider the whole thin carefully at
his leisure, and make his plans looking toward its
veriﬁcation.

About eleven Joe grew so sleepy that his chum
advised him to'"tum in on the other locker and gog ;
to sleep. 

“If I should want you I can call you. Then ' "
isn't any reason why you should remain awake,’
said Jack.

So Tuttle lay down on the locker opposite the
dying sailor, and soon his deep breathing showed ‘
that he was asleep. It was now a lonesome and
rather solemn vigil Jack had, but he found no
fault with the part he had taken upon himself to
perform. He owed something to this man.
Whether or not he ever realized anything out of
the paper the mate had given him, certaim it in
Dabney thoroughly believed in its value, and in’
bestowing it on Jack he believed in his own mind
he‘ was putting the boy in the way of a valuable
heritage. Therefore Jack accepted the will for the _
deedslet the outcome be what it might. Just as '
the doctor had said, David Dabney gave signs of
increasing weakness after the hour of midnight '
had passed. He refused all further nourishmﬁ. ‘-
and would only take the tonic. .« ‘
“Why bother with me further, lad?” he whii
“I feel I am going.
Iliveanhour or twotongeritwillbethemost
¢3l’%tl!.r0I1gh. It is a waste of_e£ort;
and me back from it _ ' v

 

  

 
 

   
   
 
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
    

    
 
 

4

   
   
  

shall go out with the tide.
_ out with the tide."

‘ Jack knew the tide was falling in the harbor,
and it struck him that David Dabney had un-
consciously indicated the hour of his death. Those
were the dying man's last audible words, for
after pressing the boy's hand feebly, he relapsed
into a stupor from which he never rallied. At
half-past three the tide was at its lowest ebb, and
it was then that the ﬂuttering soul of David
Dabney, second mate of the ill-fated Anthony
Wayne, passed away to meet his Maker.

Aye, aye; I shall go

CHAPTER VI.—The Last of David Dabney-.'

The first thing in the morning Jack Ward‘ no-
tiﬂod the Northcliﬂe authorities of the death of
1 David Dabney, second mate of the brig Anthony
. _ Wayne which had gone down in a gale’ oﬂ the
 ~_ Bahamas. He told the story of picking the man

'-.— ‘: up in the Sound on the afternoon previous while

he with his three companions were on a short
a re cruise in Waddie Wilcox's sloop yacht
- ill 0’ the Wisp. "
Sunday afternoon all the village and the ma-
jotity of the summer, visitors expected to _be
present at a baseball game on_ the Northclitfe
:~0val between the Academy nine and t_he North-
7 eliﬂfe team. The Academy boys could only present
'3 patched-up team, as half their regular players
were enjoying their vacations elsewhere, and
u their places had been filled by the best talent

“ the summer colony afforded, but they expected

‘to win just the same. ‘
Jack Ward was the twirler on whom they re-
lied, and he was a crackerjack, you may well
,_ believe. He had the spit-ball ‘down fine, and a
’ .'fade-away drop that gave opposing batsmen a
_ ‘crlck in the spine every time they reached for
it. Pitcher Jack was expected to make up for
the team’s short-comings in other directions, and
Joe Tuttle, his backstop. conﬁdently assured all
listeners that /what his side partner wouldn’t do
to the Northcliffe team wasn't worth mentioning.

There was a small grandstand at the head of
the vola, and this was reserved almost .exclu-
slvely for the ladies. Squire Wilcox, however,
had pre-empted -the solitary private box for him-
lolf and his family, and as he was the most
important personage in that locality, no one felt
ﬂint there was any reason for a kick. Probably
the reason why the squire had announced that
‘he would honor the game with his presence was
because Waddi his son, was down on the score
card as right eld, and the great man expected
*Waddie would cover himself with glory. Some.

Vmple, who thought ‘Waddle put on altogether
’ many airs for a small youth, were mean
nough to hint that about the only thing that
‘Wfaddie would cover himself with that afternoon
III dust. ‘
‘Nannie Wilcox had also given out that she
juoulaift miss the game for all the ice cream in
village. Whether it was the attraction of
‘brother’: tiebur as any Academy“ﬁelder, or
» ' handsome Jack Ward, the sailing-master
%§eWill _o"=tlie Wisp. was who in the pitcher’:

 the‘ read

    
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
 
   
    
    
  
     
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  

  
 

ermustj

 

HEIR TO A MILLION

‘body else's brother than her own.”

 for axriuidiuckla. .

     
  

 

7 Q

himself. At any rate Jack was tickled to death
when he heard she was going to be “among
those prevent,” and he forthwith resolved to do
himself proud.

On the way home from the cemetery after
assisting at the burial of David Dabney, Jack
stopped at the post-oﬂice to get the family mail.
The Wards subscribed to a New York daily, and
that, if nothing else. was always in their box
soon after the arrival of the ﬁrs‘. morning train.
This time, in addition to the paper, there was
a letter for his mother.

After waiting for the dinner to be put on the
table, Jack opened the newspaper and interested
himself in its contents. Among other things he
noticed, with much interest, that some enter-
prising newspaper man. prcbably the editor of v 
the Northclitfe Clarion, had sent to the New-York
paper an account of the rescue in the Sound of
David Dabney, second mate, etc.. who had sub-
sequently died on board of the Will 0’ the Wisp,
and was to be buried at the expense of the
county. The writer gave due credit to Jack
Ward, the young sailing-master of the yacht,
and a resident for many years of Northcliffe, ‘
intimating that he had attended the dying mari-
ner up to the last. The loss of the Anthony
Wayne, the paper said, had already been re-
ported a few days before by her captain and a
remnant of the crew, who had arrived at Balti-
more on the three-masted schooner Antietam,
which picked them up at sea on the morning
of such a date. All were thus accounted for
except Carpenter Sherlock and Foremast-hand
Dacres, and as they had been in the boat with
Dabney, the inference was that they were lost.

_“I wonder if they were‘lost?" mused Jack. “Or
did they manage to get taken off in the night
by some passing vessel leaving Dabney to his
fate? If they did their arrival in one of our
ports had not been announced. Maybe some ves-
sel bound to foreign ports rescued them, and it
may  many weeks before they will show up
on this side of the Atlantic. Their fate does
not interest me except so far as it is mixed up
with this treasure matter. I-certainly don't care
to see them butting into what I now consider no -
one’s business but my own.” ‘ 

Jack cut the article out of the newspaper and '-
filed it away for future reference. By that time _
dinner was on the table and Jack sat down with ' 1*-
a good appetite to partake of it.

“I’m going to see the game this afternoon,
Jack,” said lus sister. “Do you expect t_o win?"

““§ure thiitilg,   not'!£

guess ere a ig crow on e Oval.’

“Bet your life there will." th

“I suppose Nannie Wilcox will be there,” she
said with a sly look at her brother.

“Sure she will. Her brother is going to play A ‘;

on our team."
r roguishly. .

 

 

K

'  .' Ix , ,
am ..kmi.1-2:4!-.t;:‘s '

_ “Is that the reason she's going 2''
“That’s one of the reasons, I guess."
“Is that the chief reason?”

“ilow should I know?” ’ ,. A

“ imagined she was goin to see 'ou i " "

“What makes you thinkgthat?" )ask3dtc§.aek,
ﬂushing up. ‘

“A girl is generally more interested in coine-

     
  

     
     
           
 
 

    
 

“Are you, sis'.""_ash_ed Jack._quieklp. 

   

~_

  
 

  

“Of course not,” replied Daisy, in some con-
fusion. .

I .“Honor bright now, Daisy; isn’t it because
Harry Case is on our team that you are going
to see the game?”

“What nonsense!"
rosily. '1 ‘

“What red cheeks we have,” laughed Jack,
mischievously. ‘

“Mother, will you make Jack stop teasing me,”
cried Daisy Ward.

Mrs. Ward smiled indulgently, but didn't say

- anything.

“I'll be real a , with you,, Jack, if you‘
say another worﬂid his sister.

“All right, I'll be mum.”

He winked so signiﬁcantly at her that she
threw a napkin at his head._

“If I told all I think about somebody and
Nannie Wilcox you’d have a red face too, so
there!” cried Daisy, triumphantly. '

“Ho!” exclaimed Jack, “don't you believe it.”

“But I do believe it. I can always tell when

._ you expect to meet Miss Wilcox on the yacht."
_ ‘How can you '.”?.asked Jack, looking at her
I sharply. ’

“I know.”

“Then why don't you’ say what you know ?”

“You're always extra particular about your
uniform. And you wear your Sunday tie.”

“Is that so, little smartie?”

, “Yes, it's so. And you put essence of Jockey

3 Club on your handkerchief.” I’
‘ “It seems to me you keep a sharp eye on my
movements,” grinned‘ her brother.

“Anybody can see all that, it’s so plain to be
observed,” laughed Daisy.-

“You make me extremely weary, sis. By the
way, I’m glad that you reminded me about my
Jockey Club. I must hide it away, for ever since
Harry Case has got into the habit of calling on
you it's been disappearing at an alarming rate.."

— "What a ﬁbl I've got my own perfume, if
anybody should ask you.”

“That’s isn't saying but you ﬁnd mine the
better of the two," snickered Jack. V

“Mother, did you hear that? He says I take
his Jofkey Club. Just as if I would do such a

she exclaimed, blushing

 
 
   
    
  
    
  
   
  

“Oh, I4‘don't care; only please leave the bottle
- so I can get it ﬁlled again,” chuckled the boy,
rising from his chair.

He went to his room to put on his baseball
suit, while Daisy helped her mother clear away
and wash the dishes, after which she went to
her own room to put on her prettiest gown for
the afternoon, and also because she expected to
meet Harry Case after the game.

The contest on the Oval that afternoon was
like any well-played amateur baseball game. Jack
Ward, with the knowledge that the eyes of pretty
Nannie Wilcox was upon him, pitched the game
' of» his,li1'e, and held his opponents to half a
dozen scattered safe hits. The opposition pitcher
vawas scarcely less successful, so that, as the gen-

eral play was good, the score was low and close.
It took ten innings to reach a conclusion, and
Jthen Jack "Ward's home run drive after two
i;ul‘~heen put out broke up the ‘game in the
emy’s favor-—the ﬁnal score standing 3 to 2.

-I , than had the pleasure of accornpanving Nan-I
‘ ,: 3. , . - .‘

 

“HEIR TO A MILLION

.- and lurking placesof the rovers, and was always,

  

   

nie Wilcox home, and that, with the honors of
the game thick upon him, was satisfaction enough ’
for one week.

-

CHAPTER VlI.—The Story of Captain Kidd.

/

Jack slept like a top that night, for he hadn’t
closed’ his eyes the previous night at all, and he
had worked like a young Trojan that afternoon
to win the game for the Academy team.

Sunday morning was well advanced when he,
awoke to eat a late breakfast and to ﬁnd his 3
sister and mother already dressed for the mom- '1‘
ing services at church. He attended Sunday- "
school as usual, and after it was over had the
pleasure -of walking home again with Nannie
Wilcox, who looked uncommonly lovely in a new
gown and rakish little hat to match. On his way
home he got thinking about the paper given him

  

by David Dabney. ':
“I wonder where I can get some information ,-
about the career of Captain Kidd," he mused. “I 1 E;

should like to get hold of something deﬁnite about
the treasure he must have accumulated. Seems
to me he must have had a great deal more than
was recovered by the English governor.”

From what source could he get the informa-
tion he wanted? While considering this problem
he thought of Professor Gregory, with whom he
was a great favorite, and he determined to call
on him that very afternoon and breach the sub-
ject. He fouhd the professor in his study, sur-
rounded by his books, his curios and his pets-—
a black dog, a white cat, a parrot and a squirrel.

“Glad to see you, Jack," exclaimed the learned
gentleman, “take that arm-chair and make your-
self at home. It’s a remarkably mild day for the . "'
lastof August, isn't it ?” "

“Yes, sir,” replied the young visitor. “I have
called in quest of a little information, professor.“ ‘

“I shall be very happy to furnish it if I can,’
was the cheerful response. .

“I am not so sure that you will approve of
the subject, sir." went on Jack, somewhat doubt-
fully. \

“I can tell better when I hear what it is,” re-
plied the professor, blandly. ,

“That's right," admitted Jack. . “Well, don't 
fall out of your chair when I tell you that I want 
to learn something of the career of Captain Kidd. 
the pirate.” . " .

“It is not particularly surprising that a lad 
of your nautical turn 9f mind should develop a 5‘ "
curiosity about that marine freebooter. I will try
and satisfy you as far is my knowledge of the
redoubtable individual extends. It may surprise
you__to learn that he was the son of a Scoteh_
mimster; but he isn’t the only son of a divine .
who has turned out in the end a great rascal.‘

“I have heard that remark made before, sir,’
grinned Jack.

“Very little, I believe, is known of Kidd's lib
before he came into historical prominence u
the official instrument of the British crown fa
the extirpation of piracy on the high seas. It ‘
is said he was selected for this job because he
had traded for many years among the piratu.
in a little, rakish "vessel that could sail inh "
all kinds of waters. He knew all the hiunﬂ

 
  

     
         
        
         
       
      
 
    
       
  

  

   
     
  

   
    
         
  
 

nnnveﬂ in -mm kind‘ of a mysterious v,oyau."
.« . \ fl

   

  

HEIR TO

-.-~, V —
 ‘He was a dandy individual to send out pirate
gig,» hinting,” chuckled Jack.

 “King William of Orange who sat upon the
_&iglish throne at that time, and who gave him
his commission, probably acted upon the good
old maxim of ,‘,‘setting a rogue to catch a rogue.”
.“The maxim doesn't appear to have worked
very well in Kidd's case," grinned Jack.

.“It seems not. When Kidd sailed from Ply-
mouth, England. in the spring of 1696, or it may
 been 1695, I am not sure,which, in an

armed vessel called the Adventure, he carried
3“, with him two commissions from the king—one
authorized him to Suppress pirates; the other
constituted him a privateer, for it was a remark-
able ear in those times when England was not
at war with either France or Spain, or with both
at the same time, for that matter. The rich
V , Spanish galleons from Mexico and South America
 cﬁered a tempting bait for British maritime en-
terprise. In those times it was but a slight
step from the privateersman to the pirate; both
' fought for the love of plunder; only that the
htter might considered the bravest, as he
dared both the enemy and the gallows."
: * .€'I always understood that a privateer was sent

   
 
  

   
 
    



purpose of raking in prize-money," said Jack. _
' “I guess proﬁt and patriotism mingled in about
equal proportions in a privateer’s breast when
, ﬁre business was ah its most respectable height,
 ' but in Captain Kidd’s day it was little better
 ~ ‘than licensed piracy."
"— “How did the pirates manage to dispose of their
Z plunder ?" asked Jack. “Unless they could get rid
‘  of it. what good was itito them? I've heard a
_, lot about them burying the money and valuable
-t trinkets, but I've never heard much about them
. if" spending their proﬁts!
" . “Your question practically leads up to the rea-
.’ non why the English government hired Captain
. Kidd to drive the buccaneers out of business.
easy access to the harbor of New York, the
number of hiding places about its waters, and
the laxity of its scarcly organized government,
made the town a great rendezvous of the pirates,
. where they might dispose of their ill-gotten gains,
T and arrange new depredations.
' A“As they brought to New York wealthy car-
goes of all kinds-———the _luxuries of the_ tropics,
Ind the sumptuous spoils of the Spanish prov-
gincea-—and disposed of themat half or quarter
‘price to the wary merchant, they were welcome
visitors to the thrifty traders of the town. To
ﬁle inhabitants at large, however, they proved
‘iiemselves a great nuisance, for it was their
practise ‘to squ_ander_ their money in taverns,
drinking, gambling, singing, swearing, shouting
and disturbing the neighborhood with midnight
“haw! and ruﬂlanly revelry. These excesses rose
Vlosnchheight as to become. a‘ scandal to the
provinces, and to call loudly for the interposition
If the government. Measures were accordingly
{then to put a stop to the widely-extended evil,
 among the agents employed to,execute this
was the notorious Captain Kidd.”
11 when Captain Kidd left England for
.American provinces he was an authorized
..i of the English government?" remarked

sine

  

    
  
   
 
   
     
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  

  
 

  

 

    

    
    
 

six-zi‘"c”‘wiiii his ship at New

Ashe

A MILLION ' 9

out as much from patriotic motives as for the"
V to Bonavista, and Madagascar, and cruised about

prought _

  

with him a French merchantman he had cap-
tured on the way, he met with a warm recep-
tion from the Colonial authorities. On the sixth
of September of the same year," continued the
professor. after taking a volume from one of his
book shelves and consulting it, “he sailed from
New York in the Adventure with a'crew of 156
men. It would appear from the account of his
life which I have here that while in New York
he shipped his crew on new terms and enlisted
a number of his old comrades-——lads of the knife
and pistol, which would go to show that he had
already determined to branch out‘ for himself as
soon as he got into blue water once more.” .
“He must have had an awful nerve." said Jack.
“The maritime free-lances of that time suf-
fered from no lack of nerve you may well believe,
else they had stayed ashore. From captain down
to cook they were a reckless, swaggering set, ‘as
the drawings of those days show. We have only
a very slight account of what Captain Kidd was. -
doing between the day he left New York and
the first of July, 1699, when he landed in Bos-
ton. It seems to be generally understood, how-
ever, that instead of cruising against pirates,
according to the terms of his commission, he
turned pirate himselfpsteered to the Madeiras.

the entrance to the Red Sea.‘ Here, among other
maritime robberies. he captured a rich Quedah
merchantman, manned by Moors. though com-
manded by an Englishman. After scouring the

seas pretty thoroughly. and changing from ship ,
to ship, Kidd had the hardihood to return to
Boston, ladden with booty, with a crew of swag-
gering companions at his heels.”

“You say this vessel was laden with booty. Is
that really a fact 7" asked Jack eagerly, for that
was the keynote of his visit to the professor's
sanctum.

“It\says so in this book, and is quite a natural
supposition after three years of martime de-
predation. He certainly ought to have had some-
thing handsome to show after all his plunder- 1-?
ings.

“I should think so: yet I heard that only a little
more than £14,000 in money was recovered after
his capture."

“That seems to be true; and it always has
been a_ great mystery what the bold captain did
with his plunder, unless be buried it, as common
report has it, which is quite probable.’ When
Captain Kidd turned up at Boston he found times
were changed. Buccaneers could not longer show
a whisker in the colonies with impunity. The
new governor, Lord_ Bellainount. had signaled
himself by his zeal in extirpating these oﬁend-

'ers:_ and wasedoubtly exasperated against Kidd, ‘:
havmg been instrumental in appointing him to 
the trust he had betrayed. No sooner did the "
captain show himself in Boston than measures
were taken to arrest _him. The daring character
which Kidd had acquired, however, and the deg-
perate fellows who followed like bulldogs at his
heels, caused a little delay in his arrest. 11; is,
probable in view of the small amount of his
plunder afterward found that he took advantage
of this to hide the greater part of his treasure~
in some safe spot.” '.

As fthel professor uttered these words Jack’: ,
eyes airy g istened with cicitement, and his '
b100dullk=kene.dinlIi8vainaa_ - 

'1.

      
     
      
        
    
     
        
   

  
  

 

  

    
 
  

‘He was ﬁnally arrested and thrown into pris-
on,” continued Professor Gregory, “together with
a number of his -followers. Such was the for-
j, midable character of this‘ pirate and his crew
1" that it was thought advisable to despatch a
' frigate to bring them to England. Great exer-
tions were made to screen him from justice, but
in vain; he and his comrades were tried, con-
demned and hanged at Execution Dock, in Lon-
don. Kidd died hard, for the rope with which
he was first tied up broke with his weight, and
tumbled to the ground. He was tied up a secoii-zl
time and more effectually; hence came the star:-.'
‘of Captain Kidd having a charmed life, and that"
he had been twice hanged."
,_ “You never heard, did you. that any large
" amount of Kidd’s treasure, other than what was
A recovered at the time by the Earl of Bellamont,
7* was ever found?" inquired Jack, anxiously. _
“Never. Had such been the case it certainly
would have become known. The report of his
having buried great treasures of gold and Jewels
before his arrest set the brains of the good people
along the coast from New York to Boston in a
.— ferment. For a long time there were rumors on
.’ minors of big sums of money found here.and
’ there——sometimes on Long Island, sometimes
along the shores of Connecticut and”_Cape Cod
Bay-—but I fancy they, had no foundation in fact.
If. Captain Kidd really did bury the bulk of his
spoils in some solitary, unsettled place, it is
, there still.” . s
 “You really think so, professor ?”
 “ “Undoubtedly.” _
. “And some day it will be unexpectedly recov-
.The professor shrugged his shoulders as if he
thought the chance of such a thing was very‘ re-
mote indeed. Jack saw that he had obtained
all the information about the notorious Captain
Kidd that Professor Gregory could. give him, and
soon afterward he got up, thanked the learned
gentleman for his kindness, and took his leave.

 

 

I

CHAPTER VIII.—The‘ Unexpected that Always
Happens.

 

s --4 When Jack returned home to tea his mind was
full of Captain Kidd and buried treasure. In
fact, he could think _of nothing else, and both

‘his mother and sister remarked the strangeness
of his demeanor.

"What’s the matter with you, Jack," asked
Daisy. “You have hardly spoken a word since.
you came back from Professor Gregory’s house.
Has he been giving‘you a lecture that you are
no serious ?"_ _ .

bo“0h, no. He never lectures me,” replied the
~ zYonh.-e-one of the lucky few. I’ve heard some
of the boys‘ call the professor an old crank."

I '.‘They don’t know what they are talking about.”
"“'l'hat’s what I thought, for I've alwaysfound
Professor Gregory to be a perfect gentleman.”

, ‘_‘That’s what he is,” replied Jack, rising from
Rio table and going to his room. ‘

‘ Our hero had quite a,little, library of his
 among his most ' b00kI,was._ﬂ

   

  
  

 

HEIR TO A MILLION A

’ and dispersed themselves over the face of the

beside a spin:

   

 
 
   

ing his student lamp he went to his bookshelves
and took down “Tales of a Traveler." ’

In the back part of this book was a short
series of stories under the general title of “The
Money—Diggers.” It was prefaced py some re- 7 ,.
marks about “Kidd the Pirate," and Jack was \.
s'on deeply interested in the said introduction.‘ I
Practically it was a repetition of a part of what 
the boy had learned from Professor Gregor ~
that afternoon. After a brief outline of Kid
history from Irving's point of view, the author
went on to speak about the booty that rascal
was supposed to have collected throughout his
three years.’ course of crime.

“Some reported the treasure to have been
buried in solitary, unsettled places, about Ply-
mouth and Cape Cod: but by degrees various
other parts, not only on the east coast, but along
the Sound, and even of Manhattan and Long
Island, were gilded by these rumors. In fact,
the ridiculous measure of Lord Bellamont spread
sudden consternation among the buccaneers in
every part’ of the provinces; they secreted their
money and jewels in lonely out-of-the-way places,
about the wild shores of the rivers and seacoat,

  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
    
   
  
    
    
  
  
 
 
 

country. The hand of justice prevented many of
these from ever returning to regain their buried
treasures, which remained, and remain probably
to this day. Objects of enterprise for the money-
digger.” ., Q‘

Jack, after reading that paragraph, closed the M
book and brought forth the mysterious paper
which had come to him in such a strange way.
He studied it carefully to see if he could dis-
tinguish any of the earmarks of a hoax in it.
but he could not. The longer be pondered over
it the most certain he became that the document '
was intended’ to convey genuine information. ‘

"Well," he said, refolding it and putting it away.
at the bottom of a drawer, “I mean to look into
this cove which lies three miles south by west of
Gardiners. If I ﬁnd that coﬁiin lid and tho
spyglass, I’ll know I’m on the right track.”

That_night Jack’s slumbers were invaded b
fantastic dreams. First he thought was aboard
of the Will 0' the Wisp, sailing on the calm,
moonlit surface of the Sound, with Nannie Wilcox '
as his only passenger and companion. That wt:
9. very pleasant dream indeed. It wasn't so ‘,
pleasant, however, when Nannie suddenly turned . ;
into the form of David Dabney, more skelet:m- 
like than ever, and he found the yacht sailing
into a little sandy cove that looked as lonesome‘
and barren as a desert island. The yacht seemed’
to sail right up on the hard, yellow shore, and
then Dabney pointed shoreward with his 0 ',
skinny ﬁnger, and" Jack saw a coﬂin-shaped
which slowly swung around until its narrow
was in a line with hi! eye. ,

A short distance to the right he perceived In-p
other singular-looking rock that rose out of VI
dense mass of brush and wild vegetation.
long, attenuated, ribbed arm of stone shot
from it, pointing across its landscape, and
looked for all the world like a gigantic
scope. As Dabney nodded at those landmark!
he seemed to melt away gradually until J .
found himself alone, no longer on the yacht »-

      
      
           
     
     
       
         
  

   
   
  
   
     
   
  
  
 

lat

 
 

   

a medium sized man dressed in the old style of
" -3 gentleman's costume, somewhat modiﬁed by
sailor's patterns. A great cocked-hat covered his
'head;_ his full-skirted coat had enormous pocket-
iaps and buttons as large as a silver half-dollar;
his waistcoat was very long; short trousers,
reaching only to the knee, were not confined
there, but were full at the ends; and he wore
long stockings and low shoes, with large, square,
buckle . » —

-This old-time mariner wore a cheerful grin on
his smoothly shaven face, which showed the
impress on both time and constant exposure to
ﬁie elements. Somehow or another Jack seemed
to understand that he was gazing upon the re-
doubtable Captain William Kidd. Close by were
several sailors in the outlandish costume of the
aid of the seventeenth century. They had spades
in their hands and were in the act of ﬁlling up
ﬁne hole. At the edge of the ‘beach was an un-
gainly-looking boat; and a short distance from
the shore was anchored a small fore-and-aft
vewel, whose name Jack appeared’ to realize
rather than see was the San Antonia. A black
ﬂag ﬂapped from the jibboom, bearing a horrid

' of a skull and crossbones in ghastly white.

. ‘_ all looked very real to Jack—as real as any-
thing he had ever seen in his life. _
Suddenly the scene underwent a perceptible
change, though the locality still was the same.
— Captain Kidd, the hole, his crew, the boat, and
' the distant vessel, with its piratical emblem, all
had vanished. The water and the shore remained
' - the same; the colﬁn lid and the spyglass seemed
less distinct in shape; the vegetation looked dif-
ferent. As Jack was trying to account for the
transformation he saw two men in tattered
modern seaman's attire step out from among
the bushes and look around them. The dreamer
‘ _ seemed to identify them at once, though he
had never seen them before. Their names——Gabe
Sherlock and Bill Dacres—formed unspoken on
 lips. They were wicked-looking chaps——each
with a sailor's knife in a sheath slung about his
waist: They appeared to be industriously hunt-
‘ ‘_ ing for some signs that baﬂled them. And while
 Jack watched them he awoke and found it had
' all been a dream.
_, It was some time before he fell asleep again,
T -for his fancy almosz peopled the dark. silent
 chamber with phantoms of the pirate Kidd and
 crew, while he half-expected to see Gabe
_Sherlock and Bill Dacres start out from be-
‘hind some pieces of furniture. During the re-
,. ' lnainder of the night his slumber was dreamless,
 and when he next awoke the morning sun was
’ . shining brightly in at his chamber windows.
, _ His sister pounded on his door to tell him that
breakfast was ready, so he popped out of bed
A -and hurried on his clothes. Just before he started
‘ to go downstairs he glanced out of the window.
. houses were well-scattered"  that section
of Northcliffe, and directly opposite the ‘Ward
’ cottage was quite a vacant plot of ground. A
yiigoaktreestood ontheroadline anditsspread-
» ﬁg branches aﬂorded shelter from both sun and
Jack had taken -the liberty_ to build a
partly-around the tree. and his sister and
 afternoon.
'  hero glanced across the way he saw

 

  
 

    
 
  
       
   
     
     
      
     
   
  

  

    

HEIR To A MILLION

. boys, are bound on.

requently went there to do their sewing -

seat was  by a pair of trampish‘

ii

looking characters. His eyes had hardly rested
on them before they stood up, turned their faces
toward him for an instant, and then slowly saun-
te_red_away. A thrill of dismay went through
him like a galvanic shock, for'these two men, in A
face, ﬁgure and dress, were the exact counter-
part 'of the figures he had seen in his dream
and identiﬁed as Gabe Sherlock, the carpenter,
and Bill Dacres, the foremast hand, of the ill-
fated brig Anthony Wayne.

 

CHAPTER IX.——On the Track of the Million.

“Well, I call this hard luck for those rascals
to turn up Just at the moment when I was going .
to investigate that treasure for myself," mut-
tered Jack. “I can easily guess what has brought
them down this way._ They are on a tramp to the
eastern end of _the island  try and locate that
cave for one thing, after which they intend to go
on_ a still hunt for the treasure itself. And they
might possibly hit upon the right spot by ac-
cident, although they are not so fortunate as I

' am to possess the areal directions that point the

way to the trove. I have no time to lose, if I
Im going’ to get ahead of them. They've got all
of a seventy-mile tramp ahead of them. That’ll
take them two days to cover. I'll get Joe to
go along with me and we’ll take’ a train down
to I-licksville this morning, where we can make
connection with the south-shore line at Babylon
for Sag Harbor. We'll take our wheels along and
ride across to the southern shore of Gardiners
Bay. From that point we can begin a search
for the cave in the neighborhood of which I ex-
pect to ﬁnd the cotﬁn lid and spy—glass rocks. It
will be quite_ a little excursion for us. and will
just suit Joe immensely. If Waddie Wilcox want:
to go out on his yacht while I'm away he can
hire a boatman down at one of the wharves."
Jack went to breakfast full of the idea he had
in his mind. He couldn't help betraying his ex-
citement, and Dais wondered what scheme he
had outlined for e day's enjoyment, for she’
knew that her brother had a fertile brain for“
girimnatlns plans that generally ensured a good
me

“VlIhat’s in the wind to-day,'Jack?" she asked ‘
curiously. . - . .
“lflothing that would interest you. Daisy,’ he
wig’ d kn
“ W 0 you 0 ‘t uld ‘t?’
in a piqued tone. W I we n she retort“
:1 know it wouldn’t." . ' ‘
_I think a_ good brother should give his sister
a little of his conﬁdence. Are you going to take
Nannie Wilcox somewhere '!”
Jack shook his head. . .

, "perhalls ‘V3 8 31138‘ party. Some little expedi-
tion You and Joe Tuttle, and some of the other
‘I Am I right?’ .

0111)’ partly. The fact of the matter, sis, is
that I am going right over to Tuttle’s house to
try and persuade him to go down to Sag Harbor
with me.” -

_“Sag Harbor! My gracious! That's a lo
distance. When do you expect to get back‘!
suppose not till after ten.” . \

“I don’t expect to return betoroto-narrow,

night at the..earliest.'! A L

   

  

 ‘_,Kipling call you?
' for hair.’-

“HEIR TO A MILLION

‘What's taking you down to Sag Harbor?”
“I expect the train will take us there," replied
Jack, with a grin.
“Aren’t you horrid!" Daisy said, with a frown
and «a pout. V
f‘You oughtn’t to be so curious, Daisy. Little
girls should be seen and not heard.”
‘ ‘The idea! Aren't you complimentary ?”
 “Well, do you want to go along with us to
Sag Harbor?” snickered Jack. ,
“Certainly not.”
‘Then what are you kicking about?”
“I'm not making any fuss that I know of.

i , I don't care where you boys go.”

“But, you’re just dying to know what object I
have in going down to the eastern end of the
island."

“I;s£x't it natural I should, you g'ood—for-nothing

y.
'‘That’s right, A girl wouldn't be a real girl
if she wasn’t blessed with a big bump of curi-

7!
“I like that., I suppose you, boys are never
afflicted that way 1'” .
‘Not to the same extent‘ s girls." _
“You think yourselves young lords of creation,
don't you ?” .
“Well, ‘ aren’t we? Man was created ﬂrst.
' ‘Woman _was an afterthought.”
“Afterthought or not, it is a sign man could
notget along without us,” triumphantly.
“You tell it well, sis. What does Rudyard
.‘A rag, a bone, and a hank
Whatxhave you to say to that ?”
“I, think Mr. Kipling was no gentleman to
_ write such a thing,” she responded indignantly.
‘I'll bet you wouldn’t address such a comparison
to Nannie Wilcox. You’d just fall all over your-
. self toreach her side if she whistled for you.

I"? ys are just too conceited for anything.”

V .‘i“Does that apply to me 1”’ _
* "‘If the cap ﬁts you are at liberty to put it on,”

.a.. responded with seine digni .

1  -"How about Harry Case 1” ggnned Jack.

“There are exceptions to every rule.” ’

“Just consider me one of the exceptions then.
_8Grry, I’ve got to leave thee, sis; but time and
{opportunity wait for no man, _or boy, either. I
suppose you remember my telling you that Pro-
1¢i:|5°.1' Gregory when he read my horoscope said
Iva; heir to a million?" .

I ‘I’ remember, and I thought it was the most
ridiculous thing I had ever heard. I am sur-
raised that Professor Gregory should make’ such
I ‘Itutemeut.’ s _

2 '91 presume you also recollect that he said I
was going to let theimillion before the year
wwt?” I . ~ .

. More nonsense! » .

_V ‘maybe you'll have cause to change your mind

4 ozelinany moons. The cause of my journey

Sag, Harbor in my earnest desire to get on

is ck of thatmillion. «It is not improbable,

 - towel! back I shall know something
, V , b0‘|It'ﬂ1:;tlpilll0n than I do now. Good-
I ‘ ‘sis, and I‘ pleasant. day to you."

alhedgdeliberately out of the room. leav-

h mystified over the

wait toshis room.

he  in


“Turned carpenter. have you ?” grinned Jack.
“W}l]iat’d’o you call that thing you’re putting to-
get er. ‘ .

“This is a house for my rabbits,” replied Joe.

“Nearly done ?”

.“Yes. Anything on the, cards for to-day?”

“I'm” going down to Sag Harbor. Will you
come . ,

“Sag Harbor!” exclaimed Joe in surprise.
“What’s_ going on there?”

“Nothing that I’m aware of.”

“Then why are you bound down there '.'"‘

 yioéiakeep a secret, Joe?" 7.,

H.

“Then .I’ll tell you. . I'm on a still hunt after
that million Professor Gregor_y_promised me,’ _’

“Come off. What are you giving me ?” T

“I'm not joking,” protested Jack, without I
-smile. “I want you to help me find it. ,I’ll give
you one—tenth of the spoils if you stand by 
If theiyf DaIlth0\$ll1300al~‘608l'l'Ey ought to you’ll ﬁnd
yourse wor . , .

“One would think money was no object to
you," grinned Joe. '
h :‘At fellownicannafford to be liberal when he"e

eir o a mi on. —
t _“A"1"’e you going to stand the expenses of tlﬁ
rm - .

“Certainly.” .

“Then I’m with you provided you let’ me 
half. th'r'ou ("ll0Il’t imagine I’ll let you standfot
every mg, o you. 3

“I've invited you, therefore it's my place to 
the damage’. Ive got the price, all right, don't
you’ worry. \ - .

_‘'But I want to put up my share,” protested:

U’

oe.
“Oh, forget it, Joe. Get your wheel and 
along."  . . I 5.
“Do you mean to pedal down to Sag Harbor]?
“Oh, no; we’re going by train.” ;
“Then why——-” -,
“Our wheels? Well, there's a ten mile or nieqg
jaunt ahead of us after we reach the town. I
“All right,” said Joe, starting for the house.
“Tell your folks where you're going, and that"
on may not get back till to-morrow,” shouted
ack after him. - . ,,
In a little while Tuttle reappeared with bi!
bicycle, and the chums started for the station
together. They caught the ﬁrst train for New
York, and rode to Hicksville Junction, where they
changed for Babylon, and were so fortunateraa tor‘
make direct connection with the morning e "
for Sag Harbor. They reached the terminus &,
the line before one o'clock, and went to a restaiis-51
rant fordinner. ~ 

¢

CHAPTER X.—-A Relic of Captain Kidd,’

“Where are we bound now, Jack?” asked .'l‘u_
as the two boys came outof the restanmn‘l9"~
the principal Street of the curious old town»,
568' Harbor. which lies at the head of Ga n
Bay. Sixty-odd years ago, i1."wu a leading "
ingastation, but its maritime importancailiaa.
since ceased, and it W0|1l.d.l>euBitOﬂ9tlf!¢;?’ ‘
ttiliileecizorld only that summer travel

  
    

‘£!'he restaurant proprietor had directed J ack_to
certain store. the owner of which was familiar
with the points the My wanted to learn, and
the‘ lads mounted their wheels and rode there.
‘lie ltorekeeper looked to be one of the oldest
 He‘ was short and square built in
Ittture, sported a tangled white beard with a
ﬂew hairs of similar color lying lonesome like on
thetop of his head. His store wasn't much
larger than a good-sized packing box, and his
patch in trade was chieﬂy made up of_ﬁshing out-
ﬁts. He also sold bait and general information.
Jack invested a quarter and found out al1_he
swanted to know. That it was about twelve miles
C0“§iD0iIlt on Gardiner’s Bay bearing west by
{south of Gardiner’s Island. ,

« That» the best way for the boys to reach that
 .Am1pt on the shore was by the way of the quaint

old. village of Easthampton. .

“_Say,’? said Joe, when they left the shop, “what
“do, you want to go over to that part of Gardiners
Bay for. anyway '3" .. _ _ n
“To look up that million that's coming to me.
,.‘3,l‘,uttle looked at his chum quizzically.

“That imaginary million seems to have turned
your ' , old fellow," he said. “What do you
Hg.-Hy

  

  

    
  
 
   
  
   
   
   

expect to ﬁnd on the bay shore '3"
treasuie worth a million.”
wish . you'd quit kidding me," grumbled Joe.
.*f‘I’m not kidding you, Joe," replied J ack,
earnestly. A - _ »
_»‘!'lieii.I don’: know what you mean by talking
V rionsense."
M‘? ustiwait till we're out of the town limits
I’ll explain the whole thing," replied Jack.
“I wish you would, then maybe I'll be able to
" ~what you're driving at.” _

teen minutes later they were pedaling along
highroad tdward Easthainpton. '
*“N_ow," commenced Jack, “I'm going to tell you
veniarkable coincidence in connection with Pro-

  

-Gi-egory’s‘ assertion, based on my horo-

  

‘.=io'inx,,to come into that million very soon."
alike to hear it,“ grinned Joe. .

"I want you to promise never to breathe a
Mavbout what _I am gtzoiéig towtell you unless

saggy’ ' in‘_ permission 0 0 so. ~

M 1 proeniisg," answered Tuttle, his curiosity fully

"“'n;'is coincidence is‘ connected with the fate
0 late ,David Dabney, whom we rescued on
‘ = yﬁoniid last week." ‘ .

Won don't say-"
Strange as It may seem, he possessed a docu-
' _,vh;eh pointed out the spot where he con-
,. believed a million or more dollars’ worth
muggy and other valuables have lain buried
"'eove'or Gardiner’.s Bay for two whole cen-

  

  

  
  

 
       
         
  

  

' sparing whiskers! _Is that "a fact?” gasp-
jiix eyes bulging hke those -of a lobster.

ve"thatL[1aper.in my pocket at this mo-
 feeling sure that he was going todie,

   

 ms 1.'present.o._u'; it. or. in his own
~ ‘gieheiz to _a million." ~
Zia Iimlrvinteresting.” said Tuttle.

 

I-IEIR TO A MILLION

that I am heir to a million, and that I am 9 pleasant mm; of it)

. tonished.

y: that it would be of no use to’

V street

   

   
   
  
      
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   

of whatever we may ﬁnd. Are you satisﬁed with
that division of the possible spoils?”

“Sure I am."

“If it should really turn up a million you would
be entitled to $100,000 worth, don't you see?”

“Hopping bullfrogs! A hundred thousand dol~
lars! -That's a mint of money.”

“It's enough to start a bank with.”

Thereupon Jack ‘conﬁded to his chum the story
of the clue to Captain Kidd's treasure as related
to him by David Dabney while the yacht was re-
turning to her anchorage in Northcliffe harbor.
Joe was thoroughly astonished and not a little
excited by the narrative. ,_

“Looks as if there might be something in it." «~
he said. “I've heard a heap about treasure buried ‘
on this island by Captain Kidd, though I've never — ‘
learned that any great amount of money was 
ever found. .\My father told me that when he ‘
was a boy he discovered some mysterious marks ~
on a big tree near the north shore which he
pointed out to the farmer he was working for,
and that it led to a lot of useless digging in the
neighborhood on the supposition that the marks
indicated the presence of buried treasure some- .
where about there. Nothing was found, how-»_
ever." '

“Well, Joe, the object .of this little journey is
to try and find the cove and the rocks which re-
semble a coﬂin lid and a spy-glass. If we, find ‘
them that will be some evidence of the truﬁi— . ,
fulness of the document, for it was copied from
the original paper written 200 years ago, and
which has ever since remained a curiosity in an
old convent in the town of Setabal, Portugal. I
looked the place up in my atlas and found it was
on the Bay of Setabal. across the peninsular from
Lisbon." «

“I'm as anxious to reach the southern end o .
Gardiner's Bay now as you are," said Tuttle. with
a glistening eye. A

“Now, I'll tell you about something else in
connection with this treasure, and it’s the un- Y‘

 

   
     
        
    
      
 
      
        
        
    
    
      
   
  
     

“What’s that?" asked Joe, an.xiously., ' v
“There are two rascally sailors who have their
eye on it also.” '
“How do you know that?’
Jack told him what little he knew about Gabe ,
Sherlock and Bill T)acres. - ‘  . .
“Maybe they were drowned. for they were not
in the boat when we picked her up.” .
“They are not drowned." . i,
“What makes you think they’re not?” asked '
his chum. in some surprise. . s 2
“Because I saw both of them this morning sit- ,
ting under the old oak tree in front of our house.'’. j 2
“The dickens you did!” gasped Joe, much 3.. _

_ Then Jack related his dream of the previous:
night, and_ how when __he was dressing himself
that morning he happened to glance out of his
windows and saw the very rascals resting 
selves ‘under the tree. a .- ‘
, “Gee! This looks like business.
firm the whole yarn."

“It does that.” y ‘ ‘  _
£08,. $15 urine they were insight six ‘I ,' “
n,an ere,onzme2el_spinaiag_ _, top aide. '

   

     
   
 
   
 

   

Seems 

  
 

Q3

        

    

  

 {stock being worin-eaten and covered with

  

14 I - HEIR TO A MILLION

but most of them are old homes of a century
ago, with the quaint old gables and shingled
roofs. The boys continued straight on to Ama-
gansett, two miles east, and then turned off
northward towards Gardin'er’s Bay. Within half
an hour they caught sight of the distant waters,

‘ and made a spurt in their eagerness to reach

their destination.

Finally they reached the smooth, hard beach,
and after traveling perhaps a mile along it, they
came to a cave which somehow or another looked
familiar to Jack’s eyes, though he had never
been in that neighborhood in his life.

“I'll bet this is the very spot we've come to
ﬁnd,” he said, with eagerness.

“What makes you think so? I don't see any
coﬁin-shaped or spyglass rock around here,” re-
turned Joe.

“I kind of feel it in my bones."

“Does it look like what you saw in your
Jream?” ~ '

‘By George! That’s it! It seemed as if I
had been here before,” cried Jack, excitedly.

“Well, then let's sit down and rest a while.
I'm tired," said Joe, suiting the action to the
word bv dropping his wheel on the beach and
squatting down himself.

Jack followed suit, while his eyes roamed all

. J around for a sight of the curiously shaped rocks

he conﬁdently expected to ﬁnd. As far as he
could" see from his present line of vision no such
things were in view. It was a calm, still after-
noon. Gardiner’s Bay lay spreadvout before them
without a wave or even a ripple.

“It's like a big looking-glass, isn’t_it?_” re-
marked Joe, picking up a pebble and tossing it
upon the surface of the water.

It fell with a light splash.

“I'll bet you couldn’t ﬁnd the hole that dropped
into if you search for a month,” he_ grinned, while
they both watched the ever widening circle caus-
ed by the stone.

After a time Joe got up and walked down to
the water’s edge.

“We ought to take a swim before we start to
hunt for those rocks. We'll feel ever so much
better after it,” he said longingly.

“I'm with you,” replied Jack. ,

Inside of three minutes they had their clothes
off and were enjoying their bath] in great shape.
They stayed’ in ten minutes and then as they
lsitariced to wade ashore Joe uttered 9» Sudden

ow _ .
“What’s the matter with you?” asked Jack.
Joe was standing on one foot in a few niches

A of water while he was holding the other up and
" feeling of it.

“I stepped on something sharp,” replied Joe.
“Thought a_ crab had nipped me.”

He’ looked down into the water, then beat down
and hauled ' up a fantastic-looking object. _It
was a long pistol of very curious and outlar_g.di_sh
fashion, whichfrom its rusted condition, and its

,_
ens, appeared. to have _lain a long time under

 
      

_Lwhiz,” cried Joe.

1,

.“II‘ere’n a" real relic of’

CHAPTER XI'.—The Coffin Lid and the Spyglass‘.

The name of the maker, coupled with the word
“Cadiz,” seemed to show that the weapon was of
Spanish workmanship.

“It couldn’t have been in the sand all these
years or it wouldn't have got all those bamaeles
on it,” said Joe.

“That’s right. It has been washed inshore re-

cently from somewhere out in the bay," replied‘

Jack.

“Do you think it belonged to the Kidd crowd ?"

“That is impossible to say, but I think we
may take it for granted that it did if we ﬁnd
the Kidd treasure buried in this vicinity.”

“It's quite a curiosity anyway. I mean to carry
it home.” '

"You ought to present it to Professor Gregory.‘

It will look well in his collection of antiques."

“I'll think about it.”

They donned their garments and were than
ready to hunt for the oddly—shaped stones.

“I'll see how this cove bears from Gardiner’:
Island,” said Jack, taking a small compass from
his pocket. .

He placed it on the beach.

“South by west," he added. “That's just what i

the paper says."

“At what hour is the tide at its highest notch ?'
asked Joe.

“It varies about an hour every day.-
it will be high tide at 4:34. To-inorrow at 5:40,
gnsﬂvered Jack, after consulting his memorandum

co .

“It must be half-past four now easily enough,’
replied Joe.

“It is twenty minutes of ﬁve," answered Jack.

looking at his watch.

Joe stuck a stick into the sand to mark the
water's edge.
away and stuck another one down. After that he
ﬁxed a third one further on and then rejoined his
companion. V V

“That ought to be something of a guide if
we find those stones,” he said. '

“In my dream I could ﬁnd the Coﬁin Lid and.

the Spyglass from the beach,” remarked Jack.

“Maybe they’re behind the shrubbery on the

bluff,” suggested Joe.

“Then we’ll go up there and look."

What Joe alluded to as a bluﬂ was only a low
bit of rising ground at the head of the beach.

The boys soon clambered up its face and pushed‘

their way through the tangled mass of wild
vegetation.

' “Hurra !” cried Joe, cutting a caper. ‘There’:
your spyg ass or I’m a liar.”

He pointed out a tall rock from the top of
which a long arm shot out at right angles. It
also bore some resemblance to a 1'2
phore signal, or a stretch of the imagination

might have converted it into a rude imitation of
a gallows with the brace missing.

“That’s. the Spyglass, sure enough," nodded tilt W
“Then the Cpﬂin Lid can't‘  _

delighted Jack.
far away.” ,
They looked first to the south, but there was:
a large rock in sight.’ Then theyturiierl in
other direction, but a line of trees cut 01
view. They walked. along till they “

trees when  upon the

Today

Then he walked a hundred feet .

S¢ﬂ3- .

 

 

 

 

   

, HEIR TO
,; -' ,startling,_suddenness. It was a tall rock,
" narrow, except where it bulged out near the top.
forming the likeness of an old-fashioned coﬁin.
y-— and was not over ﬁve inches’ thick. It scarcely
' looked like the work of nature.
* ‘How much would you take for your share of
 ﬂue treasure now, Jack?" asked Joe.
 "I don't think I’d like to sell ’out," was the
2 answer.
_ “Let's get in line with the Collin Lid and. walk
back ‘to the beach. It will be necessary to cut
* away a part of that rank vegetation in order
,. to make our bearings exact," said Joe.
.' “Our bearings will have to be exact or we'll
only waste time digging in the wrong place,", put
’ in Jack. '
- H They paused on the edge of the tangled growth
which rose between them and the beach.
‘From this point we are looking straight at
. the edge of the Coﬂin Lid. Now how does the
‘ Spyglass r by compass ?" asked Joe.
Jack walked straight to the rock where Joe

 

  
  
   
   

 

‘Sou’-sou’west," he said on his return.

“'l11at’s how: it should point according to the
_1Iaper, isn't it.’ ’

‘ “Exactly.” - _ _ _
‘ ‘Then’ the paper doesn't he even in one deta-.1.
 which proves that somebody many years ago took

those bearings for some purpose.”

_' ""1 agree" with you."

"Now then, march ahead as straight as _\'ou can
and we will be able to get an idea about where
the hole was’ dug two hundred years ago," said
 ‘

’ They pushed through the vegetation, walked
down the shelving bluﬂ’ and stood on the beach
-“I08 more. .

,._, ' ‘Now stand where you are, Jack. and I'll pace
at the ground to a line with the stakes I drove
down by the water's edge."

; Joe carried out his plan and counted oﬁ twenty



    
  
   
   
    
   
  
   
 
 
  
    
  
  
    

,“Whlk two paces ahead, Jack. That's rii:h_t.
Now if we could see the edge of the Coffin Lid
from here you would be standing exactly above
the treasure, provided my paces correspond with
§ . those of the man" who _;nade the original measure-
; ment._ I’n(il goigg t‘o"}J‘ab a sticllt ‘down here tany;

any in or er see ow near ave come 0 1
fl when we returﬁi hire to-mnorrow better prepared
"to get the rill t arinzs.

:' “You've got a great head, Joe," laughed Jack,
afshis companion drove a stick into the sand, and
than rolled. a piee of decayed log against it, the
better to" mark the soot." _ _
“'n|at’s what my father says, only he qualiﬁes
b adding there isn’t much in it."
I "your father does you an injustive," chuckled
Ms’ chum. _, ‘
kart’: mydopiriion, and I'm going to'prove it
some ay. _
" {We've done all _we can t0;d8Y." 8815! -llwk. “Ind
iv: been very sahsfactory in my amnion. so we
r . as well go back to Easthampton. and stay
all night. Then in the morning we'll take
- »- w train .for Babylon and home.’
= ‘What for?” asked Joe. in surprise. “Aren't
- '  try.a:d get at that treasure while
fgronn
 
_ 7,

.41’

5?.

 
 

   
  
       
   
  
 
   

 

   
   

2 We can buy a sharp axe
' _,s shove! ,t.°

 

‘x

A MILLION

  
 
   
 

]"»

dig with. at Easthampton, and come out in the
morning.” _

“Of course we can. but what’s the use? Sup-
nose we get the exact bearings and unearth a
box or chest. i.-m’t it likely to be too heavy for
us to’ bring to the surface? And even if we
managed to break it open in the hole how could
we carry its contents away with us?"

"‘Gee! I never thought of that." replied Joe,
his countenance falling. “What are we going to '
do, then ‘."'

“My plan is this,” said Jack. “We'll go home.
borrow Tom Vv'eatherbee's catboat, put aboard of
her such tools as we think _we’ll need. also eat-
ables for several days, and sail around here. I
shall also take my shotgun and a revolver that
belonged to be father. to be prepared Y) stand otf
Gabe Sherlock and Bill Dacres if they show up
while we're here. Then if. we ﬁtvl the treasure
we can load it aboard the boat and carry it home,
and no one need to be the wiser."

“That's first-class.” agreed Joe: “but don't you

think we ought to bring somebody else along to -

help” us out in case those rascals should attack
us . '

“No. I don't believe they'll have any 0Cll?l'
arms than sailors’ knives. Our s‘n))t'=rs will keep
them at a distance if they should try to inter-
fere."

“But they might come down on us in an ap-
parently friendlv way. In that case we couldn't
shoot, and then before we knew where we were
they could close in on us suddenly. and do us

Jack hadn't considered that phase of the situa-
tion. and the , wcibilitrx of such a thing happen-
ing father interfered xvith .Ii\‘ calculations.

"I'll have to think it over. Joe," he said. “Come
on, let's get a move on. I am feeling hungrv,
and we can't get back to".FI-asthampton any too
soon to suit me."

They walked their wheels up the beach to the
point where they ﬁrst struck the shore, inrl
then mounting them‘stax1:edpﬂ' back the way they
had come at a good clip. -

of
CHAPTER‘ XlI.—Beginning Operations.

The boys reached home by noon the follnv/£113‘! _

day, and Jack lost no time in making prepara-
tions to return in proper shape to recover Cap-
tain Kidd's treasure if it really was buried where
the document indicated that it was. He induced
Tom Weatherbee to loan his catboat, Sally Ann.
and anchored her of the point, within 3 quarter
of a mile of the Ward cottage. Joe had contri.
buted a sharp hatchet and an axe, while Jack
furnished a pair of shovels. Each provided a
lantern; also a fair share of provisions, Then
there was tackle and three stout pieces of wool
toattach the main pulley to after the form of
the three-cornered uprights of the witch's kettle.
'Each of the pulleys had three wheels so as to
make work easier on the muscles of the boys,

though slower in execution, and the lower pulley _ 

was ﬁtted with a hook.

After an early supper at home the boys pulled
out to her. and set sail out of the harbor.’ By
sundown they wexoout on 
 They had flit wind to 

  

 

 
 
  

    
 
    
   

     
 

l6

along, and the catboat carried a small bone in
her teeth, heeling well to starboard.

“At this rate we ought to be into Gardiner’s
Bay by sunrise,” remarked Joe.

Jack, who held the tiller in his hand, nodded.

“Do you think those two rascals will get there
ahead of us 1” said J 0e./

“Not if they’re obliged to walk the whole dis-
tance,” replied Jack. “They may, however, get a
 lift now and then in a farm wagon, or they may
.>~ be able to steal‘ a ride on a freight train to Green-

port."
“That would take them out of their way.”
“They could cross on Q-1e ferry to the Prospect
House wharf on Shelter sland, walk to the other
end of the island, and got somebody to row them
across the strait, from which point they could
 easily walk to Sag Harbor. From that town
_., 9 they would, of course,‘take the most direct route
across the eastern end of the island to Gardi-
F. ner’s Bay. However, I hardly think they’ll go
’ ' that way. I’ll wager they’re a cute pair of ras-
cals, though I must admit that their presence in
Northcliffe shows that they branched away from
the most direct route to their destination."
“How do you know but they saw that account
of David Dabney’s rescue and subsequent death
in the newspaper, and that they came to North-

cliﬁ'e on purpose to see if they could find out‘

what had become of the document he hoodwinked
L them out of?” '

“'I'hat"s right. It is quite a reasonable sup-
position. I'll bet that’s just what brought them
to Northcliﬁe.” -

“You saw them in front of your cottage, didn't
you?” .

“Yes.” 3:-

“Well, I wouldn't be surprised if they wanted
to see you.” — .

 “To see me!” exclaimed Jack, a bit startled.
3/ “What put that in your head?”
_ “Why, your name was in the paper as having
_ , attended Dabney up to his death. They might
 i have suspected that the mate may have turned
' the paper over to you when he found he was
dying, just as he actually did. Did your mother
or sister tell you that any one called to see you
V while you were away ?”

“Why, yes.’ Sis told me that a seafaring man
called at the cottage and inquired for me soon
after I left yesterday morning‘. She said he was
a stranger, who ,didn’t leave his name, and I
\didn’t bother her about particulars, as I was so
eager to get of on our trip.”

“That was one of those chaps, you may depend
on it. They missed you, however, because you
got away from the village so early.”

“It’s a wonder, then, they didn’t hang around
waiting for me to get back.” _

- “How do you know but what they did‘! How

do you know but they watched us load the stuf

on this catboat, and guessed the errand we were
about/to embark on? How do you know but

. "they are hurrying after us, by train, perhaps,_ if

‘ they have the price, and that we may find them

3 waiting on the ground ready to pounce‘ on us
_~ wherrwe land at the cove? I tell you, 0 d chap,
 we can't be too much on our guard.” _
Q —‘ “You're: putting it pretty strong, J_oe,” said
-* .Ja¢=k..evidently‘ much impressed by his chum's
 “We’ll have to keep our weather-

 

 

av»

\

HEIR TO A MILLION

 

 -I almost ‘wish ‘now that I ._ _ne—izhborhood,

4

had pressed in a thirdparty. I would have done V
so, only the fewer you have in a project of this " v

kind” the less chance the secret has of leaking
out.

The boys continued to discuss the probability
of a meeting with Sherlock and Dacres at the
cove, and the means they would adopt to avoid
a run—in with them, until ten o’clock, when Joe
turned in for a two-hour snooze, as it was ark
ranged between them that Tuttle should stand
watch and steer between midnight and four in
the morning.

The wind held fair and the night was ﬁne, so
that Jack had no trouble holding the catboat
down to her course during the two hours he re-
mained alone at the helm. ‘

His thoughts, as a matter of course, were
largely employed in speculating upon the treasure
he conﬁdently expected to unearth in the cove.

‘ “I wonder if there is really a million dollars’
worth of coin and valuables hidden in the sand
there?" he asked himself. “A, million seems a.
lot of money even at this day, but Captain Kidd
could easily have acquired seyeralmillions in coin
and pieces of eight, as they were called in those

 

days, when one considers the chance he had at ‘

those rich Spanish galleons. I haven’t the least
doubt but he kept the larger part of the booty
intact, intending to get away with it for his own
private advantage. When he came back to the
colonies here, and found that his actions in-

—foreign waters were viewed with suspicion, it

would only have been a natural precaution on
his part to have‘ hidden the bulk of his treasure
where his enemies were not likely to ﬁnd it.
It will be a great ﬁnd"-if Joe and I secure it.”

When twelve o’clock came around, Jack aroused
his companion to take his spell at the tiller, and
then lay down on one of the narrow bunks in
the cuddy.

He was asleep in ﬁve minutes.

Joe found his lonesome watch anything but
entertaining. , ,

He also made a mental calculation as to the
amount of the treasure supposed to be buried in
the cove, and wondered what he would do with
his share if it amounted to any very considerable
sum.‘ Several times he caught himself nodding
at his post and recovered himself with a start to
find the mainsail ﬂapping and the boat slightly
off her course.

When he called Jack at four a. m., the ‘mat
wads approaching Orient Point, the easternmost
en

 

of the northern arm of the island. Jack A "

steered the Sally Ann through the passage known A

as Plum Gut, which lies between Orient Point
and Plum Island.

This brought the boat into. Gardiner's Bay, and
then Jack held a course almost due south for.
the southern arm of Long Island. ~

The cove he intended to reach was about ta
miles away.

The sun rose at twenty minutes past ﬁve, by
which time they were close to their destination.

According to the almanac the morning tide
was at its highestpoint at 6:15. ' ‘

At a quarter of six Jack ran the Sally
into the cove, cast’ overboard the anchor and thud
awakened_his companion. '
l The first thing they did was to row pshcuﬁs
in the small boat and take a good view of ‘
with an eye to 8 rice]: and

'*~.‘4.

    

Tr‘-Q» ,
' ‘$3 -1

   

   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
   

 

 There was no signs to show that those _in—
_  pals had found their way to. that locality,
 the boys felt greatly relieved. '
By this time it was high tide, and Joe examined
the water line withmuch interest to see how it
corresponded with an imaginary line drawn
through the ‘three stakes he had planted thirty-
eeven hours before, and found that they prac-
' -tically ﬁlled the bill. . =
“By- running a line from one of the outer
stakes to the other, Jack,” he said, “we will have
the high tide mark, so we can begin operations
when we choose without further reference to the
action of the water.” . ,
 Jack nodded, and suggested that they return
ate the boat and have their breakfast. _
‘There was an _oil stove and sundry kitchen
utensils aboard which Tom Weatherbee carried
with him on his ﬁshing cruises. and the boys
utilized thme to cook a pot of coffee and fry some
ﬁsh__hv.vhich Jack had secured on his sail across

y.
They enjoyed their meal immensely, and while
.. Joe was washing up the pans and dishes, Jack
‘ put the axe and hatchet into the small boat, and
' made other preparations looking toward the be-
.gi_nning of their day’s campaign.

&

Y

CHAPTER XIlI.—The Men on the Beach.

The boys rowed to the beach, took another
gnrvey of the vicinity to see if any one was
around, and then started in with a will to clear
away that portion of the vegetation on the raised
_ d which cut of the view of the Collin Lid.
» was hardlwork, and some boys would have
tired of‘ it. -
“Not so Jack Ward and Joe Tuttle.
_The prospect of reaping a ‘huge reward_for
-. labor stimulated thein to persevere, though
the morning sun was growing warmer every mo-
ment and the perspiration gathered on their fore-
llﬂlda and trickled down their cheeks.
E once in a while one of them would cease
to w and take _a look around.
There was always a possibilityaof some sum-
Jner resident wandering out that-way, even if
Sherlock and Dacres themselves did not show up.
did» their actions would undoubtedly have ‘pt-
‘hgeted the curiosity of any straggler.
It-was about nine o'clock by the time they
- blazed an open way to the edge of the little

will do now," said Jack, wiping his
with the Cofﬁn Lid. then we'll run a line be-
» the outermost stakes and pace oil’ the re-
< « 2 distance. After which we have a nice little
.~;j§.“7‘ of digging before us.” ‘
planted the stake on the edge of the bluﬁ.

He laced the om beside it and noted how
‘&e (if th d bore. .

rm. ‘ and no1-’west,” he said. _ ..

to the boat, got the long line and

~ from stake to stake on the bluﬂ. and
it with three/_§1:iﬂl;»‘stakes.placed close

‘up   NW”?! 1; ‘? 

-1..

   
  
 

   

HEIR TO ‘A MILLION

brow. “I'll drive a stake here directly in.

17

“Now markloﬂ eighteen paces, Joe, between
the high -water line and the stake on the blulf.’

Joe so did, and found that the mark he had '

made on Monday afternoon lay four feet to the
right of the true spot.

He then transferred the tree stump to the
right place. »

“If the treasure is here I guess we’ve got it
spotted now,” said Joe, in a tone of great satis-
faction.

“That’s right,” replied Jack. “Now we'll go
aboard the boat and get the shovels.”

They pushed. oil’ from the beach, boarded the
catboat and sat down in the cockpit to take a
res .

As the sun was decidedly hot they made a sort
of awning with the loose folds of the mainsail.

Underneath this they sprawled, looking shore-
ward, while the sea breeze fanned their warm
cheeks.

“It’s going to be a hot job digging an eight-
foot hole in the shore,” said Joe. "l’m bound to
say that nothing but the anticipation of what
we expect to ﬁnd at the bottom of it would induce
me to tackle it.”

“I've just been considering the matter,” replied
Jack, “and have decided to put the work off until
after dark.” ’

“After dark!”

“Yes. Then we should hardly be interfened
with by casual visitors, and the work would go
on much quicker and more pleasanter in the cool
night air.” I,

“That’s right,” nodded Joe, with satisfaction.
“We’ve got a couple of lanterns aboard that will
furnish us with all the illumination we will need.”

And so it was decidd to postpone the work
after sundown. There was a small island abotﬁ
a mile away which lay to the south of Gardiner’s
and Joe suggested that they sail over there and
see if they couldn’t _ ﬁnd a shadier anchorage
than where they lay. Jack agreed. They hoisted
sail, pulled up the anchor and made tracks for it.
It offered no shady mooring ground, but there was
inviting nooks ashore that temrpted them to land.
They slept for the greater pa of the afternoon
under the trees, and then returned to thecove
about six o'clock.

“Hello,” exclaimed Joe, after they had dropped '

anchor, “there’s a couple of men stretched out on
the beach yonder.”

Jack looked in the direction he pointed and saw
two ﬁgures lolling not far from the spot they had
marked as the site of the treasure.

“I can’t identify‘ those chaps from here, but
I’d be willing to bet a dollar to a doughnut those
chaps are Gabe Sherlock and Bill Dacres,” said’
Jack, with alook of disgust. _

“Well, if that wouldn't make any fellow mad,’
growled Joe.

“Don't pay any attention to them ,and. maybe
they'll go away.-when they get rested.” _

.“I can’t see what those rascals expect to do
out here anyway,” said Joe. ‘You say they can’t
locate the spot they’re hunting for without that
paper you got from Dabney.
could how do they expect to dig for it without
shovels. And what means have they, for carrying

away a lot of money. and valuables if they came >

   
 
 

upon it?” — ~

.  me  1 

And even if they. .

  
  

 

are not here for the purpose of looking about in
a general way. They may know more about
thosesigns than we havefany idea of. If they
should be able to get the bearings of the treasure,
such chaps as they would think nothing of go-
ing over to Sag Harbor and stealing not only
shovels, but a sailboatto carry the stuff off in if
they found it.’.’
“They're taking a sight of us now," said Joe.
“They're welcome to take as many sights as
they choose. Get the stove out, Joe, and we'll
oook' our supper." '
Three-quarter of an hour passed away, dur-
ing which the boys cooked and~ate their evening
Iteal, without taking any apparent notice of the
two men on the beach. a
‘They don't seem to be making any start that
I can see,” said Joe at length. “As the case
‘ands we're blocked until they get out of the
way.” .
This was a fact that Jack could not deny.

“Maybe they're waiting for us to hoist sail
and depart," he said.

“If they are they'll be disappointed."

“I’m not so sure of’ that,” replied Jack. “We
can‘t go ashore to do anything while we have any
Idea they're in the vicinity. I think the best thing
we can do is to throw a good bluff."

“How?” asked Joe. _»
‘Hoist our anchor and sail oi? toward Sag
‘Harbor. Then return an hour or two after dark."

“That isn't a bad scheme.”

, ““It ought to work unless those rascals mean to
- camp out there all night.”

“Let's get busy, then.”

The boys hoisted their sail, and then tackled the
anchor. While Joe was ‘turning the little drum-
windlass ‘forward Jack saw the two men get up
‘ from their lounging spot and saunter down to the
water line. There was little doubt nowas to their
— identity, for one was tall and spare, while the
-’ other was short and square-built. Fashioning his
,: hands into a sort of speaking-trumpet the tall man
hailed them. _

=  CHAPTER XIV.-—The Situation Changed. ,

1 Joe stopped turning the drumand the boys
ltaljed across the short stretch of water between
ﬂlfsally Ann and the shore.

',"‘Ahoy yourself !" returned Jack.

"Where are e bound?" asked Sherlock.
-~“Sag',Harbor, replied Jack at a venture.

1. "‘.Carry us around there, will you‘! We're
;$t1nded,” replied the tallman.

 and Joe stared at each other, blankly.
‘_‘1‘e!l- them we're not taking passengers,” said
Iee."‘reeonu_nencing the operation of lifting the
 from the bottom.

..Wt::ive"got' no accommodation for passengers,"

   
 

   

We?lI_;_’sit‘ forward out of your way." roared

I-IEIR TO A MILLION

   
 

§ft:n't'.". "walkzdgwn to l 
_;  

  ;f.;.if . ....

   
  

   
  
  
 
  
    
  
 

“We want to get to Sag Harbor.’
“You can walk there quicker than we can all “-
there,” said Jack. “It's only ten miles or so
across country almost due west. It's more than
double that distance by water.” '
“We're played out. If ye don't we'll have to
lie out here all night." ‘N
“If they stay there all night," said Joe, “we're
dished for twenty-four hours more. It would be '
a good thing for us if we could get them out of .,z
the way for a few hours—say till to—rnorrow Q /
morning.” ‘ - ’
‘’ “But I don't want them aboard this boat," ob- ‘
jected Jack. « —
“No more do I," admitted Joe; “but I don't see
any better way of getting rid of them than to
carry them'to Sag Harbor."
“It would take us all of three hours to do tin
and three more to get back here again. By that-
time it would be after one in he morning, and the.
best partof the night would be wasted. Beeidei.‘
you can't tell what designs those rascals have in‘
their minds.» It would be much safer to waste
another twenty-four hours than to give those»
chaps a chance to do us up." ' _
“Are ye going to take us aboard?” asked,Sha‘n-_7
lock, impatiently. ‘ . y. ‘—
Ever since Joe had got the anchor oﬂ’ bottoin
the boat bad been drifting nearer the shore, ind
they were now able to see the faces of the two men
more distinctly. _ .
“We'd rather not,” replied Jack, letting the sail’ "
ﬁll wiﬂi the light hreeze and the boat stop
drifting and began to forge oil’ shore. ‘ ;
Sherlock saw there was no further use par-leg-es‘
ing, and sent a volley of oaths after the retrea ' .
boat. Jack paid no further attention to hing’, ', ...
seated himself on the weather side of the tiller: as
Joe secured the anchor aboard and joined his cone 3“
panion in the cockpit. Sherlock and Dacron”
seemed to be consulting together on the beach. -.
Presentl the boys saw them turn around, walhx
up the s ore and disappear among the bushes: "
“We may as well go back to the island 
spend the night there, and tomorrow as w&,'.’>
said Joe. _ V '
“If we started for it now that would kind
give the lie to my assertion that we were bound
for Sag Harbor. We'll follow the shore line until
it gets dark, then we'll tack and run over to
island." .
“All right," replied Joe. “You're the skipper”
The breeze was light and they made waysleqii
ly. Gradually darkness closed in upon the g
and water-scape. It was ﬁnite dark by 
they reacheda little hea and that rejected
hundred feet or so into the bay, gully
course took her within a dozen yards of th
treme end of this point. ~ V
“I guess we'll come about.now.' said Jaek,~
ting the tiller hard down. _ ,. Q '
The boat responded slowly. and the boys
under the boom as it swung over chine; -.
their heads. As they resumed their sent. out
other side of thecockpit two pair e! we!
, the lee sideotthe boat. 
above her inclined , g ' ‘
taneeual thrown!  ’
Ill. 8.,

 
     
    
       
 

 
 
    

  
         
 
 

     
 
 

   
       
     
  

    
      

     
 

     
 
 
 

  
 
   
   
 

    
 
 

   
   

  
     
 

  
    
  
 

   
 
  
   
    
     
     
       
  
      
 

  
  
 
 

   
    
  

  
     

 
   
   

  

   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
     
  
   
 
  
   
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
    
   
     
   
  
    
    
 

 
 

aboard the Sally Ann. Before they thoroughly
grasped the situation, Gabe Sherlock and his pal,
Bill Dacres, were standing in the cockpit before

' “Now you young son of a seacook,” exclaimed
Sherlock, advancing threateningly on Jack, “we'll
see whether you’ll take us to Sag Harbor or not.”
‘You've no right aboard this boat if we don't
Fant you,” replied Jack, doggedly, rising to his
‘Shut up, you oung monkey!” replied Sher-
lock, pushing him ack on his seat. “We’re boss
.. of this ranch now. Just tie up these chaps,
Dacres, and we'll run this hooker to please our-
selves.”
Dacres looked around for a suitable line to’
carry out his companion’s directions, and his
eyes lighted on the coil the boys had used to mark
o_ﬂ high tide with. He pounced upon it and then
I make a grab for Joe Tuttle. Joe, however, pre-
sented a belligerent front, whereupon Dacres drew
his sailor’s knife and said:~
“If you give me any trouble, you young whelp,
I'll slit yer wizen."
’ The odds were so clearly against him that Joe
gave up and allowed the man to secure him.
{$017 ti-ice up the other chap,” ordered Sher-

Jack saw it would be useless to resist so he
jeylelded to stern necessity.

‘ ‘You didn't gain a heap by refusing to take us
aboard, did ye?" grinned the carpenter of the
lost Anthony Wayne. “There's more ways than
_ one of killin’ a cat, and old birds like me and
"‘ ﬂill know a think or two, I reckon. Now, who
you chaps and where d’ye hail from ?”

_ Neither of the boys made answer to this ques-

“Oh, you're sulky, are ye?” said Sherlock, sav-
agely. “I guess I kin make e speak if I want
10. Dive into the cuddy, Bil, and see what ye
ﬁnd to_eat.”

2- e‘... rbacres obeyed and fell over the pieces of wood

and tackle which lay on the floor. He swore like

What's the matter with ye, Bill.
your sea legs, all at once?” .

Have you
‘The place is full of dunnage,f' roared bfk
cres, with an oath. '
It is, eh? Can't ye ﬁnd a match to strike a

?" replied Sherlock. “Where d’ye keep your
era!” he demanded, turning on J '
Without waiting for reply he cominenced to
irmble in the,boy’s pockets, and soon came across

a_tch-safe.
are ye are, Bill," be said, and Dacres came
and got the matches. ' .

‘ rascal soon spied out one of the lanterns
lighted it. With this ‘to help him he found
lxroviaionbox, and soon he and Sherlock were
 up on meat sandwiches" and'a whole fruit
hey ate like tarnished men,‘ and made a
- in the supplies the boys had fetched along.
as they had satisﬁed their appetites,
‘took the lantern and looked into the
he reappeared in the cockpit he held
Sic facegsol each of the

Hack

     
  
 
  

 

HEIR TO A MILLION

‘was no escape for them.

9

»a‘ ‘trench four feet -square

 

19

"It won’t do you any good to know," replied
the boy.
a “How d’ye know it won’t,” replied Sherlock.
I reckon I know, anyway. You’re Jack Ward,
the chap that helped recue Second Mate Dabney,
of the brig Anthony Wayne, in the Sound last
week. He told ye a yarn about some pirate treas-
ure buried down this way, and he gave ye a
ape!‘ that p’inted out the spot. That’s what
, Nllght ye down this way. Ye came to hunt‘ for
it. Ye were in the cove afore to-day, for we
seen where some one had cut down the shrubbery,
and marked a spot on the beach. You're a couple
°f °19‘{'e1‘ 0095. ye are, but not clever enough to
hoodwink me and Bill. We’ve been studyin’ them
marks, and puttin’ our heads together. We saw
where ye d tramped in a straight line from three
small stakes down near the water. I reckon we
don t need that paper ye've got about ye. Ye’vo
done all that's necessary except dig; and ye in-
tended to do that to—mght. That's what ye came
baffk fol‘. but when £2 seen us ye changed your
minds. When I hail you, ye said ye were goin’
1‘-0 Séjog Harbor, which was a lie, wasn’t it? Yo
hadn it no intentions of goin’ to Sag Harbor nor
anywhere else. Ye told us that to throw sand in
0“? eyes. Ye see we're on to your little game.”

“And you were bluﬁng us, too,” said Jack des- ‘

P,e1‘8te1Y- “Yin: d'ldn’t want to go to Sag Harbor,
;I:.l'lte£. All you wanted was to get aboard this

“Tha“t’s jest” what we wanted,” grinned Sher-
lock. And we’ve done it,”

'5

CHAPTER xv.-Jriie Treasure Found.

During all this time the Sally Ann lay almost
stationary on the water. The carpenter had
thrown her up into thewind. He now headed her
back to the cove, only a short distance away.
When she was close to the beach he threw out her‘
anchor. Hauling the rowboat around he told
Dacres to throw in the two shovels. Then the
rascal ordered the boys into the boat. After a
short consultation he and Dacres followed with
the lantern. Pushing the boy ahead they marched
giezlgeusepot Joe had marked oﬁ as the site of the

“Now,” said Sherlock oldin
and drawing his knite.’5inie i>a‘§‘§e§h§.-§‘35‘t§i§,
“I’m goin’ to cut you chaps loose. But doiiit y.i
attempt to run away. If ye try it on ye’ll ﬁnd ’
a knife in your back in the twist of a pig's tail
Ye were 8051!’ 90 dig for that treasure warn’t ye‘;
Well, ye shan’t be disapp’imed " with 3 chm}
grin. “Ye shall dig, and dig iiéni ,y,.,,- ,,,,,,e,..
stangfld It'll save us the trouble, ind maybe if
we 11 a haul , ‘ - .
your tmub]‘:,?d We'll 8'lVe ye somethm for

He cut the boys free and i ‘
9rd<3red_ them to get busy-P01131131? i°g§.’-’°...§”¥il.ii'§
inclinations, Jack and Joe had to fall to, for there

    

 

asharpy th ,'d'
they 1ag§e3iX oimwiii “"A'§cZi‘:’if§'3 i’.K.i"""“’¥

. 
seemed ready tmdro gun ~. *‘ l *'

  

The two rascals I

\
I

     
     
       
   
 
     
  
 
 

  

 

20
_ “This ‘Is tough luck!” muttered Joe, as he wiped

- ' his forehead.

Jack nodded, but didn't express his thoughts in
words.

“Pass up that paper you got from Dabney,"~
laid Sherlock, looking down into the hole.

Jack handed it up to the rascal.

“Dig six feet eh?" he muttered. “Skull, two
feet, Well, if ye’ve struck the right spot ye ought
to be close upon the chest, or whatever it is. Get
a moveon, you chaps, or let us see what ye kin
turn up.” V

So Jack and his chum started in again with
the shovels and made the sand ﬂy.

“We are down more than six feet now," said
Joe in a low tone, “and there's no sign yet of that
skull."

The words were hardly out of his mouth before
his shovel struck something hard. In a few mo-
ments they exposed a grinning skull.

, “What have ye got there?” called down Sher-
lock, ﬂashing the lantern’s light into the excava-
tion. “A skull, eh? Toss it up.” _

Joe did so, and the carpenter picked it up and
looked at it.

“Keep on diggin’ down there, and don't ye dare
stop till ye strike somethin'."

Their shovels soon met with another obstruc-
tion, which proved to be a small iron-bound box
and alongside of it were three others. Sherlock
sent Dacres .aboard the catboat for the tackle
and the wooden ‘uprights, and the two sailors
soon had it rigged in shipshape fashion. The car-
penter threw down a sling to the boys and or-
dered them to put it around one of the boxes.
This accomplished, the hook block was attached
to it and Jack and Joe ordered to hoist away. In
this way ten boxes and a small chest were lifted
out of the hole and landed on the beach.

The boys were ordered out of the hole and

compelled to haul the boxes down to the water's

edge. They were then transferred a few at a

. time to the small boat. The boxes were taken into

the cabin, and one of them smashed open by the
impatient carpenter in his eagerness to see the
‘treasure. A stream of old-fashioned gold coin fell

on the cuddy ﬂoor. The sight of the money as it

ﬂashed in the light of the lantern threw Sherlock

‘ V nd his companion into a fever of excitement,
"_. fund for the time -their attention was entirely dis-

Jracted from the boys.
" -hive their advantage.

Jack was quick to per-

Ee was standing close to the locker in which

 open  draw out the weapon. He nudged

pt ‘the g:xii.:e_.‘sher}oag had in‘-.

9’?

HEIR . TO A MILLION

    

 
   

cautiously laid down. Joe reached out his arm

and seized it. The action attracted Dacre's at- 

tention. ,

“Drop that, blame yer!" he cried, making :-
lurch at Joe with his own knife.

Quick as a ﬂash Jack raised his revolver _and
ﬁred at him. point-blank. Dacres clapped his
hand to his breast and sank down with a groan.
Sherlock looked up astonished and startled to
find the tables were turned on himself and his
comrade, and the two boys masters of the situa-
tion.

“Throw up your hands!" cried the boy, “or I'll. V

shoot you down like a dog.”

Jack meant business, and if Sherlock, after a
string of oaths had not yielded he would have
disabled the rascal with a ball.

“Tie him, Joe," ordered Jack, and Joe soon had
the carpenter well secured.

While Joe stood guard with ‘me revolver at the A. ‘

cuddy door, Jack hoisted the sail and then the 2
anchor, and steered for Orient Paint. It was
noon next day when the Sally Ann pointed her
nose into the bay which communicated with North-
clitfe harbor. An hour and a half later the boat
came to anchor oﬂ the point near Jack‘: house.
The ﬁrst thing they did was to row Sherlock and Q

the wounded man ashore, and turn both over to;*

the head constable of the village, making a charge
of assault against them. The former was locked
up and the latter was placed in a doctor's hands, ~
who declared him to be dangerously, thought not
fatally, wounded. _

He recovered in a. month, and subsequently both
were tried for attacking the boys in their boat
and got a three-year sentence. Jack had the
chest and ten boxes conveyed to his house, when
they were opened and found to contain gold coins
of Spanish, French and even English coinage.
The entire value of the treasure was found to be.
$1,200,000, after “it had been turned into Ameri- .
can money. Thus Joe got $120,000 in the end for 3-
his sharerwhile Jack came into his ‘million, and A
in due time married Miss Nannie Wilcox, thug
proving that he was a b8‘y who was born lucky. '

Next week's issue will contain “LOST IN THE  by

ANDES; OR, THE TREASURE OF THE.’
BURIED CITY.” ‘

 

ANCIENT RING DUG UP .
A massive neck ring of solid gold, believal 

l ‘ I: had placed his revolver when he ﬁrs’: camé. experts to date back to 120 B. C., was found on
 Slowly and with caution he pulled the

a farm in Norway. The ring. of artistic tho
barbarian design, has been placed in the l
of Chriatiania>University _  ‘

 

 

.5 At .i'«_..;':‘- r’

 

  

     
    
     
    
  
     
              
           
 
     
    
     
      
       
    
      
   

' li'AME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT News’

 

A SINGULAR INCIDENT ﬂyers from Ketchikan to Seward, bodies 0! ~
An .eya]gne}-,e sweeping aggross the 30“,-g water were frequently sighted but not charted

e med near Roehetanee, prance. 1eft 3 in the latest and most authentic map of the ter-
meek ef tee in which was ineeeed the body ritory. L_ieut. Lowell H. Smith, new leader of
e wﬂd been when thawed out the meat was ‘the expedition spent several days at Dutch Har-
 te be.exee11ent1y preserved and the V11- bor jotting down new waters the flyers saw from
tigers enjoyed a feast. the 311'-

’  , Tales of interior lakes are constantly brought
Ex(;LUs1vE AUTO COLORS in by trappers and prospectors. Near Short Bay
3,‘, pﬂvetely owned automobile in Rio de last siimmer, a lake four and one-half miles lo
Juieira. Brazil, may be painted red 0, white_ was_discov_ei-ed within ﬁve miles of a settlemen
315.“ eo1o,S ‘He used exelusively by the city Aerial mail cerrier Elison Eln-ian passed over 8‘
ar_ its municipal cars. All the ambulances are large body Of 11118-nd Water-then a sheet of ice-—

  

 

J '2

, te, and the ﬁre department’s machines are near Tanana, in March, which was not shown 
nil‘, to i_na.ke it easy for the_ traiﬁc policeman to °“ ‘hf 135* m3P- . 1
ﬂistingmsh these cars, which have the right It is now the intention of the forestry service‘ -‘

‘way. to }1se_if1 sea_pl]an}e zluringhthefsilijmmer tel) maike 3 ,3

- V -——--—,-—- serieso aeriapeora so te t‘ :5
ALASKA’S LOST LAKES Ketchikan to Seward,gwi‘:h a view f>‘;acshe<l:ll:iengr?in|: ‘ ‘

lﬂore of Alaska's lost lakes have been discov- on the lakes, rivers and islands, compared to
During the flight of the round-the-world present day maps.

Please Take. Notice!

, 7A gent many readers of this publicgtion who like good snappy detective stories are bay-
) Jing “ YSTERY Mi_tGAZINE,” so wh don’t you? No. 160 is out on the newsstands and
« contains the splendid novelette by J CK BE CHDOL'P.'

“THE SHADOW or A N005!-2'.’

It is full of adventure and ‘shrewd detective work.

 — Then, TbereAreSix Sbortstorieu

' WRAPPED BY MICROPHONE,” by Harry Enton: “TRICKS OF THE NIGHT,” by Jas. W.

’” ; “AS IN A GLASS DARKLY," by Crittenden Marriott; “CAUGHT IN HIS OWN
," by Ernest Phillips; "THE DEVIL'S B LOOD PEARL,” by Arthur S. Witt: “THE

BROWN BAG," by St. George Rathborne. c“ .

__Every ‘one of these stories is woven around an’ interesting plot and contains the clever
out ivorlrof police and detectives.

Don’t Miss the New Department ‘
“WHAT HANDWRITING REVEA ls”
. , Conducted by LOUISE RICE

 asaznple of our writing and she will tell you, free of c_hal’8¢. what you, ‘chat.
Inn is and what wot you are best suited to, give you good advice and help you along. of;
In gdditlon to all this there are the following articles in "MYSTERY MAGAZINE.” all A
at 7 :1 interest: “NEW WAY OF SWINDLING TRAVELERS,” “THE CRIMINAL '
;_~_, eAND THE BURGLARS.” WOMEN HOLD-UP A JAIL," and “A M.§ILt .' ,
inn’ pl/NALXS AWAY." v _ _ ' _ . ‘
‘*1’  V ’ A New Serial Begins Entitled

>~ “TZHE INVISIBLE CRIME”-
”_ By QEORGE MOREHEAD

l.Dlo"n1"o‘tV_f3i]At‘Q get ..  gf this upiengsa .

 
 
  

  

  

    

     
    

    
  

reg  on 

J

  

A.
~*..

  

"r

1':

1.‘

«nit; .‘ 7v':’.‘:i‘.w-*i$<’i“".7'"”":""'*7'W  ‘v 

._O[-'.....

Hustling for War News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued).

He _could see a regiment carrying Belgian ﬂags
charging the Germans at no great distance away.

The .Belgion prisoners, who had come out be-
hind him, at once took to their heels.

Rob started to go back after his coat and hat,

when all at once a cannon-shot struck the guard-
house, demolishing it. '
. “I must get nv coat at any ris ," though Rob,
and he began pulling at the heap of canvas,
when a second cannon-bail whizzed past him, and
that so close‘ that the wonder was he escaped.

“No place for me,” he thought, backing away,
when a company of German foot soldiers came

‘swinging his way, led by Captani Behrends, who,
upon seeing him, shouted:

“Stick to us, Randall, or I shall order you
shot. Mind what "I say!"

And glad enough was Rob to tie to something.

_It was all a new experience to him, ‘of course,
and it was correspondingly confusing.

As he was -swept forward on the double-quick,
he caught sight of Walter, armed with a gun,
further down the line.

. “So he has been commandeered too," thought
Rob. “I wonder where Edith of This is ter-
rible! If she had only remained in Rotterdam!”

But Rob quickly found himself ‘with other
things to think of.

A company of Belgians now opened ﬁre on
them, which was returned. Men were falling
all up and down the line. ‘

For a time the Germans held their own, but

' at length they began to waver.

It was just at this juncture that Captain
Behrends fell.

It was the signal for a panic with his company.
They turned and ﬂed. the Belgians giving chase.

Rob would "surely have run with them, but at
this instant he saw Walter go down.

“He may be only wounded; I can't leave him,
and I won't,” thought the brave boy, and he
broke away, hurrying to his side.

“Walt! Speak! , Are you badly wounded?” he
cried, seeing that he was alive.

» “Hit in the leg,’_’ replied’ Walter. “Fly and
save yourself! I was forced into it, Rob.”

“I shall never desert you.”

1:Then they will ﬂake hash of you.‘ Dnop and
sum-—qu1c ." ‘
' '9 l{¢>bp(t'ook the hint, but he was too late. He had

’ been seen.

A petty officer on the left ﬂank separated, him-
from the rest as the Belgianswent sweep-
,, andmade for the spot with drawn sword.

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

the Reporters

. dead!”

 

Meanwhile, the Germans had rallied, and the
battle continued.

“This won't do! That fellow will spit us both!"
gasped  ~

Captain Behrends's corpse lay near. _

Rob sprang up and seized his sword as the
Belgian oiiieer made a thrust at Walter. _

Rob was too quick for him. He struck the
sword a terriﬁc blow, almost knocking it from the
oﬂicei-’s hand. * ' .

A fencing match followed which meant life
or death. - I

Luckily for Rob, he had long practised with the
foils, and he knew his business, while the Bel-
gian omoer was anything but an expert.

For a moment he stood up against Rob. and ’{
then, ﬁnding that he had met his match, he ., ’
turned and ﬂed, but he had only gone a few;
paces when he halted, wheeled about, and, draw-
ing a revolver, ﬁred point-blank. ~

-Heavens! I'm hit!” gasped Rob, and, to Wal-
ter’s horror, he fell forward to the ground. v‘

“Rob! Rob!" cried Walter, trying to rise.

No answer.

Walter's heart sank. ‘

“Oh, what shall I do?" he gasped.

akin.

 

. .=..~A.é«é

 

  
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
    

“Rob is

Rob felt a sharp, stinging sensation in the left 5
breast just above the heart, and knew he was fall-
ing, as he exclaimed, but after that all was a. .‘
Blank till he suddenly heard Walter's voice say- i

s: '

“Thank heaven, he is coming too!” -

e opened his eyes, to ﬁnd himself on his back
with his head resting in Walter’s lap. 45

“Great Scott! That fellow plugged me. I
the ht I was a goner,” he gasped. ’ ": ,

“ ou bet I did, then,” ‘replied Walter, “but_£f
don't think it was the bullet that knocked you "
out. It was the way you fell. You struck your
forehead against a stone. The wonder is you 2
didn't fracture your skull.” ‘

“How still it is. Have they quit ﬁghting?”

“Why, Rob, how long do you suppose you have
lain unconscious?”

“It can't be long.” -

“Boy, it's almost two hours. I thought ya
never would come to, yet your heart kept heat-
ing regularly all the while."

“You don't mean it! Then the battle was over
long ago?” _ .

“Sure. The Germans rallied and drove the
Belgians back. I suppose they are following
them up. Anyhow, they haven't returned."

“How are you feeling yourself, Walter?”

“Oh, not so worst! Ive got a bullet in my
leg, that's all.” _

“I suppose you know nothing of Edith." (

“Nothing, worse luck; but say, if you can
stand it we better be getting out of this. » . _ K
are a lot of ghouls hanging around robbing the
dead. They came this way, But I threatened‘
them with the sword, and they beat it in a hurry

“Can you walk?”

“I can hobble. I've tried it. Too bad we : «
had to get bunged up at this critical time," but. I V
suppose we ought to-be thankful we are alive.

(To be eontinueda

         
   
         
    
     
      
 
   

  

  

    
  
  

    

   
   

 _ STORAGE CONDITIONS Arrncr GLASS

~ The Bureau of Standards has recently 00"-
fdneted a series of‘ tests to _ascei-tam the _best
conditions under which bottles and other articles
of £1.53 may be stored. Glass bottles were stor-
_ /ed under varying conditions for a period Iof sin
gf months, after which they were examined. t was
$5 found that a dry room of even temperaturehgavti
..‘._«‘ better results than either the open all” 01‘ 3 um“
E . zoom, the latter causing the bottles to scum: Bo_t-

tles wrapped in thin ﬁber board boxes were 111
better condition than those pacl_<ed in open crates,
while those _wrapped tightly in paper were 
.> worse condition than those not wrapped at a _.
.Cork or paper stoppers did not prevent sclltmd
ping, but rubber stoppers almost elimma 9
It.

  
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
 
    
   
   
    
   
 
 

- COOL DARING

' Four lions attacked ii herd of cattle on _a farm
at Romsey, South Africa, says a news item‘ in
the Rhodesia Herald._ The herdboy was standﬁnzl
an ant heap, examining a pair of boots be all
got the day previous,_ when he heard a low KFOW
near him. On looking up, he saw that three
_, , lions had got hold of three cows, while angl’-l}1Ie.:

‘ lion stood looking on. The boy pulled_ o 1;]
boots and threw them at the_nearest_ lion, an‘
ithen ‘made a rush_for them with a stick. S_h°“ ’
ing at the same time _at the top of his voice to
another her_dboy to brink _8 1103- In the m"i)““'
time two lions had got their cows dowmh lit,
jnothing daunted, the Kaﬁr made a rush for t em.
End the lions moved away from their DI‘BY- The
boy then rounded up his cattle (he Md 108 h°‘.‘d)'
and while he was doing so had to chase the liggls
« -' way several times: when he was at one slur.

the ‘lions would tr.V to ¢3t¢h the_ Cattle °“f 1°
ther. However, he brought all his cattle 68 Eh)’
ﬁlioine. Since then _one of the cows has died.F 3
:elaw of a lion having penetrated her lun8- _°1'
cool daring, it would be hard to beat the chasm!
. four lions single handed. and _with no weapon
except a pair of boots and a stick.

INTERESTING ITEMS _
__Many of the Sandwich Island widows h8V°
ir husbands’ names tattooed on their t0nE“°5-
Some of the cats in Liberia, Africa, are Of 3
V - ght-red tint, and they are very conspicuous
V the moonlight. .
’ Angora goat furnishes
‘ch adorns ordinary dolls.

most of the ball‘
This product is

the Rhine 725 castles, formerly the homes ‘of
° chiefs, are to be found overlooking its

rs. .
The swiftest’ dog in the world, the Russian
-I« -~- 3. has made record runs that show 24
to the second, while the gazelle has shown
-. speed of more than 2'! yards 9. second.
-r _. _ eg no Sunday paper-sure Permmed

‘nohotels are allowed to open their bars.

’ « : -- has invented a machine for deal-

-that is paid to make inisdeals impos-

      
     
      
  
 

   

  

FAME AND FORTIINE WEEKLY
GOOD READING I ‘

.»- .,  y-. c.‘

  

The first steam fire engine was made in 1829
in London from the designs of Capt. John Erica-
son, the designer of the Monitor. The ﬁre en-
gine was a failure.

The Grand Waterfalls at Labrador are the
highest in the world, rising to a height of 2,000
feet. Those of Niagara are but 164 feet at their
highest point.

In a billiard room in Paris is a billiard table
made of glass. It is much more diﬁicult to make
a shot upon it than upon,the ordinary baizo—
covered table.

In the sandy deserts of Arabia whirling winds
some times excavate pits two hundred feet in
depth, extending down to the harder stratum on
which the great bed of sand rests.

Some of the women of Siam intrust their chil-
dren to the care of the elephant nurses, and it It
said the trust is never betrayed. The babies
play about the huge feet of the elephants, who
are very careful never to hurt their little
charges. '

The metallic threads used in the Id and sil-
ver tinsel brocades now popular or women’:
gowns and wraps are so ﬁne, sdy fabric experta,
that they run over 20,000 yards, or more than
eleven miles, to the pound.

A carpenter who has to insert a screw in hard
wood pushes the screw ﬁrst straight into a lump
of soap. This makes it easy to screw into the
wood. Soa is much better than oil, as the latte
is so quic ly absorbed by the wood that tlih
swells and the screw jams.

“Mystery Magazine”
Semi-Monthly 15 Cents A copy

[54 THE HOUSE ON THE ROCKS. by Jack Beclidoﬂ-‘
155 LAUGHING DEATH'S TRAIL. by Nels Lelloy Jog».

xenseii.
I56 THE MEDICINE DROPPER. by G. B. Wilson,
157 A QUESTION OF KICK. hv Elitelle Jones.
158 THE MYSTERY OF‘ ROARING WATERS, W_

Barry Adler.
1,59 THE RIVER PIRATES. by Hamilton Crnlgie.

THE SHADOW OF A NOOSE
By JACK BECHDOLT _ 4

Out Today in No. I60 ‘ ‘:-
HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc.
“Moving Picture Stories” 1

A Weekly llllttlne Devoted to Photoplay. gm) 

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY 1 .

Each number contains Three Stories of the Beat F1
on the Screen——Elegai:t Halt-tone Scenes from the P
—-Interesting Articles About Prominent People in
Filnia-—Dolnga of Actors and Actresses in 1
and Lessons in Scenario Writing.

HARRY E. WOLFF. Pllblhhet. Inc.
166 West 23d  . ' 

   

 

 ;L.~.= _;

  

.”if.“?‘1'l"£("Id0i‘

 

   
   
   
 

. A WASHER STOPS SCRAPING

If a dial has a tendency to_ scrape the panel,
put a washer cut _from_.blotting paper between
the two and the noise will stop.

AMMETER VS. VOLTMETER

An ammeter should never be used to test
storage batteries or “B” batteries. For dry cells
the ammeter is the only thing that will give an
accurate notation of the condition of the cell, but
it should not be left connected to the battery
more than a few seconds. The amineter acts as
a good short-circuiting instrument for any bat-
tery and will therefore bring down the life of the
batteries considerably.

NEW RADIO REGULATION_

The Department of Commerce has issued the
following radio regulation: _ _

“During the daylight saving period,_or from
May 1 to Oct. _1, 1924, all general, restricted and
special amateur transmitting stations are re-
quired to observe a silent period from 7 P. M. to
10:30 P. M., local standard time, or from 8 P. M.
to 11:30 P. M., daylight saving time, and on
Sundays during church services."

DISTRESS SIGNALS
Few radio listeners know that behind the scenes
in the broadcasting station there is stationed a
‘licensed code operator whose only duty in the
period the station is on the air is to listen in
for distress signals. While -music and addresses
are going out from an adjoining room he sits at
in receiving set tuned to 600 meters, the wave
length of ship and coast stations. At the first
gignal, of distress he notiﬁes the engineer in
charge and the broadcasting stops at once and
the air left free for unobstructed transmission of
8‘. O. S. signals.

KEEP GROUND LEADS SHORT

Rules for the erection of outdoor aerials, as
suggested by Electrical Merchandising, are as
follows: . ‘ -

Ground leads should be short and need not be
insulated unless of great length. Aerials or leads
should not run parallel to power or light lines
or near to groimded surfaces, such as tin roofs,

 

 conduit or water pipes.

Lead-in insulated wires should be water-tight, or
slope outside to prevent rain from running along
the wire to the set. Never install aerial or lead
wires inside of conduit or other conducting nia-
terial, even though insulated from it. ,

HERE’S - A WIRING HINT

I Do_not use a great number of small short
_  of wire to connect from ‘instrument to

rument in your set, with frequent soldered

1 connections.

' Take a long strip of bus bar or plain copper
and start at one exit. put the wire
the binding post, run it to the next
1:, and through the binding post, and
ou,.eau"‘soinotimes run half-,-way around

 

FAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY .

mrsiuzsrinc RADIO NEWS Ann

. for fear of the lightning haza1-d_

' with sandpaper until all the gloss is gone.

  
 

 
   
 

HINTS.  

the set with one strand of wire. with no breaks”
Rood contacts,‘ and the minimum of soldering: _.
This will reduce the resistance of the wiring in 
your set and save the annoyance of broken sol- ‘ '
dered connections.

LIGHTNING AND THE ANTENNA

Another fall, winter and good part of the spring
h8Ve l‘0118d by and we are back to summmer days
and electric Storms. which are the curse of radio 
At the first sign of warm weather many radio ”
enthusiasts proceed to take down their antennae, A ‘
Yet ace -
mg to Dr. J. H. Dellinger, chief of the ,;§‘,‘.,
lab01‘at01'Y 0f- the Bureau of Standards the light-
nings hazard is practically nil. Only for out-
side antennae need lightning protection be con.
sidered at all, he says. “It is very simple A
small and cheap device called a lightning arpéseeg * ~
should be connected between the antenna and the
groundwire on receiving sets. An antenna is no A
more likely to bring linghtning into a house or ,-
apartment than are overhead telephone or elec.. I 
trlc light wires. The principal hazard from an- 
tennae is from stringing outdoor antennae over
or near electric wires. A number of persons have
met death by electrocution from this cause."

MAKING RUBBER PANELS '
A hard rubber panel is composed of the best
plantation rubber, to which various other sub-
stances have been added, the chief among them...
the sulphur necessary for vulcanization. .
The best grades contain very little rubber
Cheaper grades contain very little rubber 
quite brittle, and are often poor insulators. ’ ‘
The rubber is first ground between rollers to
change it into a smooth and plastic state "1119
other substances are then ground in with it ‘
The rubber is then rolled into a sheet- several
of these sheets are placed one upon another and
‘again _rolled until they attain the thickness of the
ﬁnancial sheet. ,
The surface of this sheet is then coated with
tinfoil, to give the necessary gloss to it_ -11,,
sheets are next placed in a rectangular frame
and put into a steam-heated press, where they '
aremlrultcanized. h d  -
e rames are t en remove from 1935'
and the tinfoil removed, and the sliehgtsp are V’
reﬁly flor ulsle. b _ . ’_
stes phurcominestoace ° exam; ‘’
with the tinfoil a metallic ﬁlm is  ed over
the surface of the rubber. To avoid surfaon
leakage this should be removed by going over it

 
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 

paper should t b d f this .
;:::*i,.::e:..i3‘°m;:En““;..°.°35  
i a er e
the desired ﬁnish is secured. 0 San paper 
The panel should be rubbed with a cloth.-
until all traces of oil have been rein . ‘
panel is then ready for use.
Probably one of the best insulators , .v
suitable for panels is hard rubber.- It is
cut and drilled. andnif ggoog gg-31¢ i5'

 V)

  
  
 
   
 
 
    
   
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
  

.1: not become green with age, and unless e)§-

.—- to excessive temperatures and sunlight, it
4 ‘not warp.

» RADIO RADIATION

The radiating properties of single circuit re-
nerative receivers are well known, and much
; been printed about these sets and how much
A - - they cause.‘ Now it cannot be expected

- every owner-of a single circuit will im-
~>— tely throw his outﬁt out upon bein in-
ormed of its obnoxiousness. He is only w ling
a make slight changes at first.‘ Then, after a
«- he will without doubt discard it entirely
‘favor of a better type of receiver. _
 ‘aerial coil" is, in most cases, the primary
\ a variocoupler, while the “tickler” is the

"Now the extra coil next to the primary con-
of about ﬁfty turns of No. 24 or 26 single
n covered wire wound directly over the free
A - of the primary. The winding can be bunched
as to occupy not more than an inch or so of
Across the ends is connected a variable
.- --. r of .0005 mfd. This is the size of the
erage twenty-three plate instrument.
The additional circuit formed by the coil and
nser performs practically the same func-
- as the isolated trap,circuit does in the Cocka-
four circuit tuner.
t provides a good control of the regenera-
- action, and in most cases will prevent the
from spilling into sudden oscillation. It is
action which causes whistles in other re-
. "1 sets.

\

 CLEAN AERIAL AND INSULATORS

30 sure to overhaul your aerial for summer.
 -. is especially good advice if your antenna
erected during the winter time or last fall
has gone for six months or more without
on. '

it was erected, during disagreeable weather
_.probabilities are that you did not spend as
« time in erecting it as you would have had
been more moderate weather. The winter
- > may have loosened up one of the support
K or broken a guy wire.

wire has undoubtedly become very dirty
a deposit of soot and other impurities. The

m when they were wet and subsequently
Soot contains a high percentage of carbon
carbon is a partial conductor.
> coating of carbon forms a high resistance
over the insulator and will allow some of the
Vcurraits to ﬁnd their way to ground rather
your receiver‘. Carefully wipe your insula-\
,with a damp cloth. Iixarninc the surface
‘w which are usually indicated by a dark
the insulator is composed of porcelain. _
our insulators are of the short type it might
;to string several along in_ series in place
This will give you a considerable greater
of ‘safety as far as leakage of energy is
. The best insulators are the long
ype of those provided with petticoat

new insulators -accept nothing but
-4! you are considering -porcelain insula-
 teat  mnlunc a'~.ele,¢tn;1h>

IFAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

' rs will be black with soot that has fallen '

‘and the seco

Place a drop of red or blue ink on the surface
let it remain a moment. and then wash oﬂ'. If
the ink soaks into the porcelain readily do not
take that type. Water will be absorbedvas read-
ily as ink and this type of insulator will not give
satisfaction. _

COMBINATION SINGLE CIRCUIT REGEN-
ERATIVE RECEIVER

How often have you wished‘ that you could go

' back to the crystal detector and listen in to the

local stations instead of running down the per-_
fectly good batteries?

The single circuit regenerative receiver is made
selective by the addition of variable condenser
across the rotor coil. which also serves the pur-
pose of tuning the secondary of the crystal de-
tector circuit.

The beauty of this circuit is that one may use
the Crystal and then the tube without removing
the phones to another set of binding posts. When
the tube is used the catswhisker is just removed
from the_ crystal and the circuit is ready for DX.
When using the crystal just turn off the rheostat
and adjust the crystal detector to the sensitive
spot. The telephone receivers always remain in
the circuit.

The aerial series condenser may be of the 43
or 23 plate type. The coupler may be of the
new 180-degree type, which will be found to
work best with the regenerative end~of the cir-
cuit, although a 90-degree coupler will serve the
purpose. The rotor condenser need not be large.
One of about .00025 or 23 plates is suﬂicient to
cover all wave lengths between 200 meters and
560 meters.

The crystal detector may be mounted on the
front of the plate. Several types of crystal
should be tried beforevdeciding on the best one.
Do not try to used ﬁxed crystals in this hookup,
as thegewill short circuit the secondary coil and
the tu will not function properly. Should the
builder insist on using a ﬁxed crystal, a switc
must be placed in series with the crystal so th‘
it may be thrown of! when the tube is burnin _
,Don’t forget the .001 mica-ﬁxed condenser across _
the phones and B battery negative. This will
give more power to the tube set.

The whole set may be on a 7 by 18 panel. It
will have three dials for control, namely, antenna
condenser, secondary condenser and tickler coil.
Five or six switch contact points may be connect.
ed to the front of the panel to vary the primary
wave length.

In timing this outﬁt for. tube operation ﬁi-st
adjust the aerial condenser to about 90 degrees,
and then move the switch contact points up so
as to include all of the coil in the circuit. Move
the iclrler dial slowly back and forth; try to
prevent violent squeals. Readjust the aerial con-
denser. If tuning appears broad, adjust the tick-
ler or secondary condenser. Most all of the _
tuning will be done with the aerial condenser and
the tickler coil.

The crystal set tuning will be somewhat the
same except that the regeneration will be absent,
, _ ary coil vosition will govern the
Selectivity», , case thetickler coil does not give
regeneration. -reverse the leads to  g ‘

 

 FAME  FORTUNE

Fame and Fortune Weekly
NEW YORK, JULY 4, 1924

rams T0 SUBSCRIBERS

8 Centl
W
ZN
|.W

n
§:e Col?! Six Months... . “ “
a Copy One Year . . . . . . . . .. " “
Canada. 84.50; Foreign. 86.00.
HOW so SEND ll0NlG¥—-At our risk lend P. 0.
Honey Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittance!
In any other way are at your risk. We acce t Postage
stain on the same as cash. When sending Ilver wrap
the oin in a aveperate piece of paper to avoid cutting
enveie . rite your name and addreu Philli-
Addreas le to

HARRY E. WOLFF. Barry I. Wall. Pru.
Publisher, Inc., Cbarlea I. Nylander. see.
166 W. 23d St., N. Y. 1.. r. wuun. Treal.

In-11715 or INTERESI‘

, A “SAND-LIBRARY.”

In the Structui-a1_Materials Library of the
Lewis Institute. Chicago. there is a special
“library” consisting of 2,800 bottles of_ sand. _ It
has taken ten years to make the collection, which

’ ja said to contain specimens from_ every State
in the Union and from many foreign countries.
The purpose has been to make tests to determine
ﬁe values for cement and mortar work and to
have the ﬁndings on record.

STRANGE PHONE TROUBLE -

/The telephone trouble man tells the tale of a
country line that was mysteriously out of order
for two hours every afternoon.
er,-ally the same two hours and day after day the

a line was “out of order,” with indications that
Iome one had a receiver off. An investigation
by the repair men disclosed that an old lady was
using the telephone receiver in those two hours

‘fora darning egg. , I

\ OLD AUTOS FOR DIKES

Shreveport, La., has found a new use for
— junked motor cars. The Red River is cutting
away its banks and threatens valuable industrial
ggperty. Construction of permanent dikes has
n delayed by lugh_water. Temporary relief
has been secured by sinking 2,000 discarded au-
tomobiles to hold the banks from being washed

-away. . .

‘ HISTORIC PRAIRIE ROCK
/ .1 ._At one time the name of “Lieut. Robert E. Lee.
‘ “U; S. A.," was plainly inscribed. cut in the base
of the main rock of Pawnee Rock by the great

azvﬁloutederate General when he was a Lieutenant

Regular Army, out here on the plains of

’ ' ﬁghting Indians.

 name is no longer there. John Lindas,

  soldier claim just south of here
L _ -ipsays. th
tho  th

’“I

It was gen- -

I" isltt now.
lvlmm.

Q
WEEKLY

it to the State Historical Society,’ said Mr. .
Lindas.
name had been eﬁ'aced, urobably by some ov_er—‘
zealous partisan of the North, the bitterness of the
Cival War, which had closed scarce nine years.‘
before, still holding the nation in its grasp at ‘
that time."

Mr. Lindas says the historic Pawnee Rock was .‘
much higher than at the present time. though“
even when he came a part of the highest 
of the rock had been blasted away by the rail-'
road contractors to furnish stone for the railroad
bridge abutments. ‘ ’

At the time he settled on his claim the face.
of the great Pawnee Rock was covered with him-

dreds of names, carved in the soft sandstone. ‘=31.’-.‘

Among the number were names of famous plains-
men_ and soldiers ‘who had traveled the Santa Fe
Trail. One of the earliest dates on the rock var

1825. back to the very beginning of the Santa Pt I

Trail.

LAUGHS

“And has this famous doctor cured your friend ‘*

of the hallucination that she was sick 1'" _»“0h,.
completely. She's really sick now.” ‘ .

Buttons—Get uni Get up! “Hie hotel's aﬁro!
Scottish Gentleman—Richt, laddie: but if I d
mind ye, I'll no pay for the bed. .

Binks—Timmins seems like a very unass ‘
little fellow. Jinks——Yes. Tlmmins is the

{if chap who digs trenches for other men to liglt

Bobble's mother had just taken out her 
garments. “Ma,” said the observant little 
low, “what did moths live on before Adam and
Eve wore clothes?” 

Grubb-—I think your boy will become a  . ,
distinguished man, if he lives long enough. “Y ‘
What do you think he will be distinguished for!"
“Longevity.” I ,

Producer—There isn't a laugh in your

Author—I saw one man in the house la ’ ‘i
Producer-—That’s the junk man; he's 
side to make ‘you an oﬂ'er. ’ 

“Do you not believe. my friend," said the l _
haired party. “that the only way for a mu: « »;

succeed is to throw himself into his
“Well, I can't say that I do,” said the other
“You see, I am a builder of iron jails.” ‘

«Johnny—-What made you run away from»
Slutthens? You was afraid of him—that'a "
the matter. 'l‘ommy—No. I wasn’t, ‘a
we'd fought, I'd a-licked him. and then my «
a-licker me. That’s what I run away {-

Bl'_1885.-W9 are cominz around to see
evening. Griggs—'l'hat’s right: but -do
tavor, old man. i Don't let your'wi1'e.A .
new fall sorta! daft. want my '

“But before I got around to it the '

   
   
   
  
   
    
    
 
   
  
 
    
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
     
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  

A QUIET THIEF

~'A'well-dressed, derby-hatted young man enter-
a cigar store at Columbus Circle and Eighth
venue, held up Louis Snyder, the clerk, and
departed with $750.

», Being something of a character analyst, Snyder
at first felt assured that the visitor was either
 slhactor or a college professor. But_after pur-
.;: a package of cigarettes and Just as the
dash registe had been run open to make change
 man ca mly produced a pistol and ordered
‘Innis to put up his hands. The clerk thought
This a joke and laughed.

'- “Do you want the tens and lives separated,
‘and would you care for the silver?" asked the
aeglei-k, who said he couldn't help bein facetious
on account of the mild appearance of visitor.
“Yes, I want the silver. I want everything,”
e robber said. “And I want it quick.”

In an attempt to delay, Snyder dropped a
fllaiidful of quarters on the ﬂoor. Some of them
tolled around in front of the counter at the feet
ed the hold-up man.

“Never mind trying to pick them up,” the man
' "I’ll get all that come to my side.
a: the rest.”

No one came in and Sn der had to hand over
$750 in bills and lver. As the robber
- out he said in a quiet, matter-of-fact

 

Now, I’m going and if you try to follow you'll
in trouble. I mean business.”

Snyder watched him go out the door and put
 his hands. The man quickly came back.
. ‘I told you to keep them up,” he said. “Now,

on’t want to have to warn you again.”

A Snyder kept them up until two customers came
\ a few minutes later. The robber got every-
g except a few quarters that remained on the
r. \

GULLS OF LITTLE DUCK ISLAND

For years unreckoned Little Duck Island has
the exclusive home and breeding ground of
- numbers of seagulls. This is an island
than a re mile in area, which lies of the
of Maine about ﬁfteen miles out to sea
Desert. There is no human habita-
' on the island, and _there is ordinarily no oc-
 - « for any human visitor to make his appear-
‘Hence the gulls have come to what
'- pvident consider a proprietary right in the
. gnd ey naturally resent any invasion of
~ sacred precincts. _ _
-: is-especially true during the nesting sea-
for then ‘the gulls give their undivided at-
.. to rearing their young, and in the _pur-
of those eminently private and peculiarly
= s duties they are more iis_ually sensi-
Ibout being disturbed. .Our visit happened
-in that season, anddicnce the ﬂood of in-

_withwhichwewei-eﬁlreeted. _

4 island is quite low, roug circular ;n__out-

-rockyand  a thick growth
A 3 low jhﬁ§QB._.ﬂId rank 

" «i path!» or $1111],/.Ind.)t is~not

if 3 ~ '-

 
   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

-server tells how he saw

He!‘

 

always an easy matter to make one’s way through
the dense vegetation. The gulls’ nests are scat-
tered abundantly over the island. They are placed
in all sorts of positions-—hidden in the deep grass,
on the open rocks, under some protecting root, in
the shadow of a boulder—but never, so far as
observed, in the trees.

Under certain conditions, it is said, gulls will
build their nests in trees, probably for reasons of
better protection; but the gulls seem to consider
that the remoteness of this island assures them
of suﬂicient protection, so that they do not need
totake refuge in trees. We saw no nest which
could propertly be said to be “built.” Usually
the nest consisfed merely of a hollow in the grass,
a depression in a clump of moss or a slight ring
of seaweed.

One thing was quite noticeable; the nests were
never clustered ther, as is the habit with
some maritime bir s, but th were invariably
separated one from anothereby a considerable
space, as if each mother gull was insistent upon
having a certain area all to herself. In fact,
we saw several instances where one gull unwit-
tingly trespassed upon the domain of another
an was vigorously driven off.

The gulls on Little Duck Island all belong to,

the sinﬁle species known as the American herring
 e commonest one out of the for or more
which are found in North America. e noticed
that all the adult birds were in full plumage-—
pure white, with the “gull-blue” mantle over back
and win . Not a single hirl in mottled dusky and
white pumage, characteristic of the immature
birds, was seen.

It takes three years for the herring gull to
reach its perfection of plumage, and we concluded
that these adolescent gulls had been advised that
their company was not desired on the island.
Where they were keeping themselves at this
period was something of a conundrum, for no-
where along the Maine coast did we see any of
these immature birds until much later in the
season.

Gulls are fertile in resource and will some-
times adopt methods of securing food which are
quite unbirdlike. For instance, they are fond of
shellﬁsh, but the shell of a calm or mussel is too
hard for a ll’s bill to penetrate. Realizing this,
the gull ' l seize a clam and ﬂy up to a height
of thirty or forty feet- and then let the clam

ro , ho ing that it will strike a rock and get
bro en. f this result does not follow the first at.
tempt. the eXP€l’lm°nt Will_be repeated. One ob-
_ this proceeding repeatgd
twenty times before the shell was broken sum-
cientl for the bird to devour its contents.

Gu s are often quarrelsome, jealous selﬁsh
and morally deﬁcient in various respe.;’-tg.._1ike
certain other bipeds which might be named_bug
a good deal may be overlooked in view of their
limited education and lack of o portunitigs for
moral training.‘ They are fulﬁll)‘
thtiiligli humble, mission in the scheme for an
we

     
    
      
 

 
  
    
  

   

 
  

  

   

ing a valuable,‘
s betterment, and fully merit the consid_era- '

  

 

 LITTLE ADS

Write to Riker 9 King, Advertising Oﬁces, 1133 Broadway, New Yorlz City, or
29 East Madison Street, Chicago, lofparticular: about advertising in this magazine.

AGENTS WANTED

AGENTS \VANTED——Bis Money and Fast Sales. Every
owner buys Gold Initials for his auto. You charge
31.50; make 31.35. Ten orders daily “'1. WHV-I fol‘
particulars and free samples. American Monogram
Oo., Dept. 171. East Orange, N. J.
AGENTS. 35 Iioeiery and Nedwear styles, as high as
120% commission. Write for FREE SAMPLES. S. Q. S.
00.. Dept. 1312. Lexington, Ky.
AGENTS WANTED TO ADVERTISE our zoods and
distribute free samples to consumers: 900 an hour.
Write for full particulars. American Products Co.. 1657
American Bldg. Cincinnati, Ohio.
AUTO OWNEI!—Gev. your tires Freei Be our Factory
Agent! Biz spare time money-maker! Sample tires
furnished. No capital or experience needed. Wm:
today. Tire ls Bubbor Oo., Desk 074, Day-
ton. Ohio.

SELL coal in Carload. Lois. Side or main line. Ex-

perica unnecessary. Earn week’: my in In hour-

Llberal drawing account -uanlcment. W ‘iazton Coal
peny. 899 Coal Exchange Building. Chicaro.

OE OUR HANDSOIE CATALOG: at orders from
for Dr. Blair's famous home products.
Dr. Blair Laboratories, Dept. 542, Lynch-

ASTROLOGY
FREE: Astroloalcal reading and complete chart gov-
erning your life. as indicated by the stars. Send
Blrnhdate. Enclose 12c. for this notice. Phari Studio.
Desk A. L.. 1658 Broadway, New York.

HELP WANTED r

IE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity for men and women
for secret investigation in your district. Write C. '1'
Ludwig. 521 Westoyer Bldz., Kansas City, Mo.
EARN $110 to $250 monthly, oxpensu paid as Railway
'l‘_raiﬂo inspector. Position guaranteed after comple-
tion ol 3 months home study murse or money refunded.
Excellent oxmortuniiiss. Write for Free Booklet. CM-
Iﬂl Stand. Business Training Int. Buifalo, N. Y.
EARN Money weekly, spare time, addressing. mailing
circulars. No selling. We pI.7.weekly. Send 100
for mailing cost. Rica C0,, 1858 Broadway, Dept. 0-20.
New York.

DETECTIVE!

G1!

NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel experience unnecessary. Write George H.
Wagner, former Govt. Detective. 196! Broadway. N; Y.
EARN MONEY WEEKLY, spare time, at home. ad-
dreasimr. maillnt. rnulio, circulars. Send lilc. for
-neio information New Encland lluaie Co.. 234 Canon,
De-pt. F6, Hartford. Conn.

RES!-IARPENIIIG. No capital. 830 week.
Boeeto Henery. Roeeto. Pa.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED "’

ITORIE8. POEMS. PLAYS. etc.. are wanted for Dubli-
oation. Submit N53. or write 1' 1 Bureau. 615
Hannibal. Me.

Buss»-

PERSONAL

IKAUTIFUL WEALTHY LADY. 23, All Alone. Wants
Husband. Box 511, Huntsville, Ala.

PERSONAL—Continucd
BACHELOR. 38, worth $100,000 will marry. Y-Box
866. Leezuo. Denver. Colo.
BEAUTIFUL WEALTHY WIDOW. 23, All Alone.
Wants llli8l)l.ll(l. Box 511, ilumeryillo. Ala.
GET A SWEETHEART. Exchange letters. \_Vriv.a me

enclosing stamp. Violet Ray, Dennison, Ohio.

HUNDREDS seeking marriage. ii’ sincere enclose stamp.
Hrs. Ii‘. Willard. 2928 Broadway, Chicago, Illinois.

IF LONESOIE exchange jolly letters with beautliul
ladies and wealthy gentlemen. Eva Moore. Box 908.
Jacksonville. Fla. (Stamp).
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN—lf you want new friends
of the better class. enclow self-addressed summed
envelope. Address, P. 0. Box 556, Tampa. Florida.
LOOK WHOSE HERE! Princess OKIE world famous
horoscopes. Get your's today. Don't delay. Send full
blrthdete and loo, K. Okie, Box ‘:30, Mus. Sq, Sid.
New York. N. Y.

LOVERS IDEAL LETTER CLUB. Stamped envelope
for sealed plan. Doris Dawn. South Euclid, Ohio.
LONELY HEARTS. join our Club, be happy. corre-
spondence everywhere, many descriptions. photos free;
either sex, most successful method. 23 years’ experi-

ence. Standard Cor. Cluh. Grayslake. Ill.
IIARRIAGE PAPEB—20th year. Big issue with doDcrlp-

tlons, photos, names and addressee. 25 cents. No
other (so. Sent sealed. Box 2265 B. Boston. Mass.
HARRY-—Pu-ticulars for stamp. F. Morrison. S-3053

W. Holden street, Seattle.

NARRY—-Free photographs, directory and descriptions
of wealthy members. Pay when married. New Plan

C0,. Dept. so. Kansas City. Mo.

NARIlY—NABRIAGE DIRECTORY with photos and
descriptions tree. Pay when married. The Exchange.

Dept. 545. Kansas City. Mo.

IARIIY—Wrlte {or bi: new directory with photos and
descriptions Free. National Aeency. Dept. A.

Kansas City, o.

SWEETNEARTT Correspondence Club. stamped eu-
yelope ior sealed proposal. Lillian Sproul. station

E. Cleveland. Ohio.

WEALTNY BACHELOR GIRL. lonely, wishes to marry.
T-Box 866, League, Denver. Colo.

VII-toll SHOULD YOU HARRY? We'll tell you. send
30s and birth date to Character Studies, 1515 Ma-

sonic Temple. New York City.

WIOOV, 4!, worth 830.000. would marry.
tial.' B-Box 866. Learuo. Deliver, Colo.

SONGWRITERS

WRITE VIII WORDS FOR A SONG-We eempose music.
submit your poems to us at once. New York Melody

Corporation. 405 H. Roma: Bldg” New York.

POEI8 WANTEO—-Sell your sons-vsrees for eaah. sub-
mit Mas. at once or write New Ere. Music C0,. 140,
St. Louis. He.

ronscco Hanrr

Wash.

"consona-

roeacco or Saul! Habit onred or no pay. 31.90 it
aired. Remedy sent on trial. superba Co.. PO.,
Baltimore. ltd. _

     

Deter.
ms-1.‘-%..:.*.-2-...-.":'..*.'a...*‘-:31,»-';‘,",s,-‘§=g_

Y .
..'.W"=-.'::'.€.-:..:=.:-'~~.....

PIMPLES

v..aa.c.‘.s.e.Iuuyo-aiunmpiu. Bhekheeds.
AcneErupi:ionaenthe!aeeerbedy.Bu-be:-slteh.
Enlsr¢edPeres and Oily «Shin! &in.

rleoeeday for my Ill! noosaxr
‘A Cs.laa-Tons Sn:/'— howl
enredmyseltaftsrbeiacaﬂieted yous.
.Keeeea¢Ih.Io.

Eczema.

o

    

be made. Great cnnneo to uni '
11 frerfnnoduelalt.
meIe;'wh:::‘e:&n. this wundﬂ'i’§I 

set this air-ship.

-e

E‘
i

   

NEW INDIAN .
BIBLE ‘ 4‘

Canon H. W.
G. Stocken, for
years a mission-
ary among the
Blackfoot In-
dia_.ns of the Can- .
adian prairies, is "
engaged in the
task of translat-
mg. par-ts_of the T
Scrx tures into §
Blac foot lan-
guage by a sys- ,
tem of writing ~‘:'
which he invent-
ed himself. ,

Canon Stocken
evolved his sys-
tem of writing
the Blackfoot
language after
years of patient .
study, and al- .;
ready he has
translated many 2
portions of the ~
Bible into _the In- 
dian tongue and Hg
taught numerous V‘
Indians how to 3
correspond with
one another in
their own lan- wt
guage.

He is engaged
now in a revision
of the Blackfoot
version of the
Gospel of SL.
Matthew, print-
ing his work with _
specially made- 
type on a small
press. The
Blackfoot char-
acters evolved by
Canon Stocken
resemble ~ Pit-'
man’s shorthand
characters.

At

   
    
     
  
    
    
      
   
   
     
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
 

sidered too con-
fusing and a sine}
pier method way’ ’
adopted. Befon‘
l e 3 vi n g t hi —
Blackfoot reset-~

   

   

LARGEST Ddmrcduyonrtec i ‘ 0‘
. Y V '
OII P 9'‘ . D D .
g‘éd~ Rune ‘.‘i°1d‘n-nu u .Hna1bo7Illd I
The lafg€St ?.n¢h.::..IL—.-"l1|;v:é--I:."”u;_
community mau- §.....’...'.’:;'...-.-.“. ..:°:...:'.':.‘.':;::*- '
soleum in the Cwﬂmzﬁ
' ' it ff '00
w o r l d , costing H188

$1.000,000 and
with s p a c e for
12,000 bodies, is
being erected in
Fairview Ceme-
tery, overlooking
Bergen and Hud-
son counties. Or-
lginally this great 
structure was de—;
signed to accom- i
modate but 11,- 
000 bodies. How- '
ever, the board 1
of directors of the I
Mausoleum Com-
Dany of America
decided to en-
large the originals
plans, which
called for ap-:
proximately 6,500 
crypts. <3

After architects *
had made a care-
ful study of the
situation they:
found that the!
largest number of :
crypts that could]
be added without:
sacriﬁcing all the.
Original plans;
and speciﬁcations.
was 1,000. This.‘
they reported,‘

 

lo L. t ,
were then iven nsowmv ma: HaA. an
to g ,' Don’! da - writ: hr‘ wall verb. What or:  
proceed \\ xth gag“ RADIO any as 3

the enlargement ‘; nouLsunu.v co. ‘:;_.':.§.’.‘i’::n:'§’:1',7:.‘l{:.:‘:’i??.§d' i‘§C’r§.§§’ 'c‘1.‘’i

, _ ape Blzycla
.

8:‘-d last week :1}
contract was let,
for the furnish-A
it}: of 2.000 addi-‘
tlonal tons of.
Stonington gran-2
it? With which to»
carry out the
work. »
This enlarge-1
ment will give‘
mausoleum its
maximum capac-

 
 
  

,q1‘,, ; no a an-Laool nun. .
‘unit: roa;.aBIIla.:1[ nus -1-! H57 18-"
ad 25. canon run. an IQ Inna It-|

nun to run and pit: -Ill 5' “ “; ‘‘’‘'
Doll-Swing-Glasses Given
E nu you an Iandaou E1 (dull-
|1u 1 Donn.-In nor on in nu:
ans :9” Ipoqlaoul L! TI‘. '0' 9'3“
only 24 package: at P-rruanc Inlet I‘ l

Ianh. vi-in $0-Cab Ion! -0 IMMI-

~ J0liBNFG.C0.D°P\222
TOBACCO, LIQUOR and MORPHINE

Habits can be overcome With 1119 lid 0‘
HlLL'S CHI.0RIDE OF GOLD PREPARA-
TIONS. Liquor remedy can be SW93 599'?“
ly. Particulars Free, _

OHIO CHESIICAL WORKS.

Dept. 6. V\'ea¢ﬂold_ N. 1.

ASTHMA "W"

at hnuant

nailed on t:n'a.l. State which

ouwant. lfxtcurucundtl:

it not. don't. Wm: today.

uan-W. I.‘8‘l'Illl.I$’. 844 Ohlolvo-o IIDIIY. 0.

TIIBABG

Habit Cured or £10 Pa:
yfor—.cinn.c' gnu-anion. V5080"-
§.='.:-.'a'°a.?.-..“:rt'J.°:;‘..‘:°:.';“:.:.':::::'.°.:*.::

 
    
  
  

ACUUIV|E1'§£
RADIO SET

  

pt.
[31 Dunn: s¢..N.Y.C- -.

 
 

 

For that Jolly
Beach Party

Pack your week-end bag, say goodbye to the
hot, noisy city and set out for a day or two
of real fun and healthy sport at the lake or
sea. And don’! forget to take along your pock-
et orchestra so there’ll be plenty of good
music for those who want to dance. I!‘ you
want to be the hit of the party, be ready
with a Hohner Harmonica-

The World's Best

There's nothing like good music for hap-
piness and there’: nothing like a Hohner for '
good music. Hohner Harmonicas are true in
tone, accurate in pitch and perfect in work-
manship. Get a Hohner Harmonica today
and play it tonight. 50¢ up at all dealers.
Ask for the Free Instruction Book. If your
dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc.,
Dept. 156 New York City.

OHNER

 

could be accom- ‘‘ 50"‘ 755' P3850
. plished by erect— ,‘ Can receive 1(1) milo.-sand more.  23 9 :4 6 __
;ngfthe structure Rusﬂ mu!‘ 3:31; . u '4 3 1 10
1| _our complete ; how you can act a I  Wm 5000 Vote;
stones. 0rde!.__.~ lwuadvuum Tube m_wom.doui_e..e annou-

. The lnnbo r nu;
roptuout mm at the 
an an. ;

 

_ Prisca . _ u_
ucnlara In an aoost-3:1: aoinhou ll rncelv-d. AA
mnoﬂ. . .DOOf§OI'lIQ..DIQ.4A Cﬂcnan.

Big 3-Ft. Telescope "“l.'.' :'.'.‘.'.‘.'.':§§‘.'.'i"'

See people and objects miles swag. on land or sea. as if they  Wuadar

Telescope given new pleasure: to
stars as never before.

Brass bound; has powerfu lenses.
23 miles away, an clear as if in front of me."-Clyde

 
  
 
 

 

, iann, camp. travel. sport.

in out over 3 feet tong; measure: 12 inches

Thousand: ploasoq—"Cou|d tell color of

aeroplane 4 union away."-Kn. Yarbtouzh. “Saw Provincgtown ht.
-‘I HEP.

 
 
  
   
   

moon and
cloned.

     

  , Srrcg,
-. '0 While theyla t

‘ ‘ of aforumaue

neighborhood; entermin your riennb- ,
add:-en for telescope I:omplem_ by parcel pan, on

 
   

, -’ _ pur&_of!uIxa_aInr-go 2-». .i »-
manufacturer we can flfeloil aha hrgun-..Bo ﬂrll 
Sad honor _

V ‘ only name and

.I

RV and when its?
I

    
 

ldditi I ' t. .
... d;§3§....f?f"n§‘ E‘-,,_ 0   -'“'a: ._ i.;:*-*-°°-
in 1- ERRY & (.0. 6.50 Jackson Blvd, Dept. 8246, Chicago, In.

More will be sold.

 

   

_FAlWlZ-1 AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

—— LA'l‘B8'l‘ rssuns —

IS! A Big Stroke: or. The Lad Who Made a Record.
‘ § In the Copper Fields; or. The line That llado
. the Money.

039 From a Cent to Fortune: or. A Chicago Boy'g_Great

Scoop.
940 A Start in Life: or. A Poor Boy's Rise to Fame.

06.1 A Wide-Awake Boy: or. Born With a Winning
Streak.

D42 Capturing the Money: or. How Ben Bailey Made‘
Hi )1 rt

:1 a .
Digging for Gold; or. The Luck of a Boy Miner.
A Boy with Grit; or, morning on Honest Living.
045 Andy the .\iill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.
-0!6Fame Before the Footlights; or. The Boy Who
Boxsed the Theatre.
947 Lﬂcky use me Omcg Boy; or, The Nerviest Lad in
New York.
048 Sure to Get Rich; or. A Smart Young Messenger.
949 Pushing It Through; or. The Fate of n Lucky Day.
060 A Born speculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall
Street.
061 The Way to Success: or. The Boy who Got There.
952 Struck Oil: or. The Bov Who .\imle a Million.
953 A Golden Risk: or, The Young Miners of Delia

943
944

Cruz.
06-! A Sure Winner: or, The Boy Who Went Out With a
Circus. '

For sale by all -swsdenlars. or will be sent to any ad-
dro’ss on receipt or price, '14:. per oovi. ll D080! 0!’ DOI-
tnge stamps.

THE FOLLOWIXG NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

065 Golden Fleece; or. The Bo Brokers of Wall street.
056 A Mad (‘ap Scheme; or. ’ e Boy Treasure Hunters

oli'!['o(-ds Island.
067 Adi; On the World: or, Workl’ His Way to For-
une.
OB Playing to Win: or, The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street
‘ D59 Tatters: or. a Boy From the Slums.
DGLA Young .\ionte Cristo; or. The Richest Boy in the
World.

051 Won by Pluck: or. The Boys Who Run :1 Railroad.

D82 " Beating the Brokers; or, The Boy Who (ouldu t
Be Done. .

A Rolling stone:_or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

  

963
004 Nevelrl Say Die; or. The Young surveyor of Happy
Va ey. - .
[ 965 Bgssegtt the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
. tr . . .
. gas The chance of El; Lite; or, The Ioung Pilot of
Crytal Lake.
" I67 Striving for Fortune; or. from Bell-Boy to Million-
a re.
", 088 Out for Business: or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
I69 A gléavotrite of Fortune; or. Striking it Rich in Wall
. . ree .
V 010 Through Thick and Thin; or. The Adventures of a
Smart Bob
. 071 Doing His vel Best: or. Working His Way UP-
972 Aigrayg on Deck; or. The Boy Who Made His
ar .
I73 ABMl;it of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
. ro er. -
. _ 014 The Ladder oi’ Fania: or. From Oﬂlca Boy to
, Senator.
5» I75 On the Square: or, The Success of an Honest Roy.
‘ ' - on After a Fortune; or. Ellie Pluckiest Boy in the West.
*7 W$|!11iln§‘ that dollars; or .The Young Wonder of
, :1 rec .
' ’ 078 Making His Mark: or, The Boy Who Became
— President.
' II. RY K. wourr, Publisher. In..
no West 2 New Yuri cm

Street

 
 

  

. HOW TO
5c.EN‘““°s WRITE THEM

PI-Ins ll Cents .Psr On!‘

This book contains all the most recent chllnlel
5. the method oi‘ construction and Iubnlulon oi
ssnurios. Sixty Lessons. covering me has of
who writing. For sale by all. Ne on and
A ' 35

  
   

  
  
 

kstores. It you cannot procure a col”.
cents. in money or posts e stnmvl.
ioibone. postage true. ddress.

a. no Iaunth Ava. Haw tori. No 1-

will-all
'.I'a.ﬂsnnsnn

  

     
 

 

Jlﬂwestzsdstroet

  
    
       
  
      
        

f

‘ OUR TEN-CENT HAND

Useful, instructive. and Amusing. They

' Valuable Information on Almost _
Every Subject.

i

No. 1. Nujonnos-s omcunuu AND nuns:
BOOK.-—Contaxning the great oracle of human dentin
also the true meaning of almost any kind of (Iran
toxsther with charms. ceremonies, and curious games. _ f
car s. -
No. a. now To Do 'l'BICKS.——The great book ., .
magic and curd tricks. Oontaining i'ull instruction on luv
the leading card tricks of the day. also the most popuiari
magical illusions as performed by our leading magi
clans: every boy should obtain a copy oi’ this book.
‘Jo. 3. HOW to PLIBT.-“The arts and wiles of ﬁrm-
tion are fully explained by this little book. Besides
various methods of handkerchief, fsn. glove, para
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of ti:
limkusze. and sentiment of ﬂowers. ‘
No. 5. HOW To MAKE LOVE.—A complete guide
love. courtship and marriage. giving sensible advied.
rules and etiquette to be olmerved. with many curious
and interesting things not generally known, 
No. 1. HOW TO KEEP BIRDS.——Hnndsomei_v illus-
trated and containing full instructions for the manage-
ment and training of the canary, mockingbird bobolink...
blnckbird. paroqnet, parrot. etc. ' H"
No. 3. now To mi.-com: A scum-ns'r.—A usetni
and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on
chemistry: also experiments in acoustics. mechan
m8th0mﬁ”“-“- Chemistry. and directions for making Ilrev
Works. colored tires. and gas hailoon.. This book can;

not be equaled.
‘IIOVV TO BECOME

 

£5‘; *~

    
 
 

  
   
   
       
  
    
     
   
   
    
    
    
 
   
         
 
    
  
 
 
  
   
    
   
   
    
     
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
     
    
    

A

book of instructions can ninster the art, and create any
amount of fun for himself and I ' nds.
est book ever published. me It is the gr”

No. 10. HOW TO BOX.—'l‘he a . , .
easy. Containing over rt of “H defense m‘¢‘
lélows and

very oy should obtain one or s
structive books. as it will tench y¢£3eh‘:)v:lstedu:)o:!d hf
oultt In instI:1(l)ctor_.r

o. 11. W 0 WRITE LOVE-I. ._
com lete little book, containing full diErer:tilt:1Il::-toglwntlt-—=
ing ove-letters. and when to use them. ziving . ..
‘°'§"'1'.-i’‘ 'r"r‘3'%‘v‘ $2." $3‘ ‘

0. . IT; OR. BOOK .
QUl:TTE.-—lt is a great life secret. and one tgnlltl ‘ '
young man desires to know all about. There's hm.
ness in it.

No. 16. HOW 1'0 KEEP A WIN . Inﬂx
Containlnﬁl full instructions for constnrggngt yin’
garden eit er in town or country, and the most nppm
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers at home V
most complete book of the kind ever publishr-¢|_ '

No. 11. HOW 1'0 DBESB.—-Con i .
tion in the art of dressing and appglilfllrgrg  
and abroad, givin the selections of colors mat .
and how to have t em made up. ' .

No. 13. now To nncosnl: BEAUT .
brightest and most valuable little bo?k?:?Iev_:19l:'elv:>,rtn‘
the world. EVel'yhody‘WIlhl‘! to know how to .
«beautiful. both male and female. The secret is '
and almost costless. .

No. so. now To ENTERTAIN AN 1: .
PAB'I'Y.—A complete compendimu ‘or games, 3
Card d1VPf!‘|0l1S., comic recitations, etc., suitable for
Mr 01' drawing-room entertainment. it contains‘
for the money than nnv book published.

No. . . now To no snconp BIGHT.—Hel1er‘s
ond sight explained by his former ssistant, Fred : . '
11'. Exnlnlninc how the secret ‘ﬁloghes were .
on between the magician and the boy on the stage-
giving all the codes and signals. _»- '

No. 23. HOW "TO EXPLAIN DBEA)IS.—Thil =
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dreailn. ’
gether with lucky and unlucky days. g. "

No. 28. HOW TO TELL FoB'l'UNE8.—Every ‘
desirous oi.’ knowing what his future life villi brilx
whether happiness or misery. wealth or poverty.
can tell by a glance _at this little book. Buy one
convinced.

      
  
 

  
  

  

   
    
   
  

For sale by all newsdealers. or wall be  ’
address on recent of price. 10:. per sons. ,.
in money or stamps. by ' -'

HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher. 

  
    
    
 
 
   
 
  

  

  

 AND FORTUNE, WEEKLY

ITEMS OF INTEREST]

STATE PARKS INCREASE _

City parks and national parks are well enough
known; now enters the State park, which in pop-
glarity bids fair to rival its older park sisters.

he forthcoming national conference on State
parks, at Gettysburg, Pa., willemphasize the _rap-
idly multiplying uses of these State reservations.
. Many visitors are expected to attend the con-
ference, .both because of the varied program
touching upon so many phases. of outdoor life,
and also because the conference is meeting at one
of the most famous battle ﬁelds of modern times,
notable for its memorials to the men of both the
North and the South who fell there, and also
for the scenic beauty of the panorama of knolls
and hillsides that form the Gettysburg State
Reservation. V

The rapid growth of these parks makes the
slogan “a park every hundred miles” seem not
so impossible as it sounds. Twenty-six States
now have their own park system, and these parks
range from the vast Adirondack Park in New
York State with more than three million acres
to the one acre sand bar in the Connecticut
River which is Dart Island State'Pa.rk of Con-
necticut.

Michigan leads all the States in the" number
of its State owned parks, with thirty such reser-
vations. Connecticut, though one of the small-
est States, is second, with twenty-ﬁve parks.
Then come New York, with twenty-two parks;
Minnesota, with seventeen; Pennsylvania, with
fourteen,‘while Iowa, with its thirteen reserva-
tions, to which it invites tourists to repair “from
prairieland to fairy1and,” is the leader of the
State park movement in the middle West.

Havens for the tourist are offered in increas-
ing numbers of the State parks. Some of them
offer camping places for the entire vacation
period. In Wisconsin the city dweller can rent
an island for a nominal sum and play Swiss Fam-
ily Robinson. Many of‘ the best known State
parks embody world renowned scenic features,
notably Niagara Falls.

 

COPPER COINS FOR VMELTING POT
_ .Tons of copper ,pennies———in fact, 233 tons of
them-—with thousands in the lot more than 100
years old, have arrived from Amsterdam to find
an iiiglorious end to their long career in a New

Jersey smelting compariy’s plant.

The pennies for the most part are from the
islands of the Dutch East Indies. Some of

. them are so old that the inscription on them

is no longer distinguishable, but a large number
bearing the year “1790” have been discovered .in

the great bags filled with the coppers and thou- ,

sands are more than a century old. .
Brought over to this country by a metal coni-
pany on lower Broadway, according to Mr. Van

Alien of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce,~
_. _.Wtlie pennies were collected by the Government
I of Holland about ten or twelve years ago, when
ellf; coins» before a certain date were recalled

and new coins given in their place.’ In the old

I V The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

‘ I \ 
days. Dr. Van_ Aken pointed out. the Dutbh Gov- ‘
ernment permitted all its possessions in the Indies -
to use their own money, and it is part of this .
collection that was recently sold to the metal‘

company. i

There are, according to an oﬂicial of the.com- '

Dany. ‘approximately. 300,000 of the pennies to
thﬁ-‘_ fang. After they are melted down the metal.
w ic is said to be practially pure copper, will

sell for around $250 a tan, or $58,250'for some :

692900900 of the coins. In normal times, how-
ever it takes two and a half of theseicoins to
equal in value 1 cent of United States money.
Tliisisth' dl f ' it
brought overe b§)?ci‘,)l'll1lS riiiatzgl C(i)‘JIilI;)saIi-5?!“ Holland
12?‘? t"~’h1Ch Xnrived several’ weeks _ago contained
ons. little mathematics will reveal that

in all there were about 143,300,000 pennies

brought here.

 
 

Look, BOYS!
TRAPEZEE

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS! ~

.. It Coiisists of a_ handsome parallel
iron ii ame on which the little yellow

lete.
Five Different Stunts-—
THE FLYING TRAPEZE — Release the '
t1'i8§91"Pi,n _and the ﬁgure swings for-.
XVN" 1 E1‘1PP1I1g the brass trapeze-bar,
urns a somersault in the air and catches
‘ a cross-bar by hisheels.
IHROUGH THE‘ LO0P—-A swift swing and ‘
3° g°e§ thmugll 3 Wi1”°_ 10°F: makes a
“m "'“d' catchm by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar. ~-
THE GIAN’l‘ SWING—He goes forw 4-’
with a rush, releases the trapeze catcgs

two swift ' -

catches by lli(iIsneliF::l1;1t:§.geliIi'1n.ﬂ_1e an and. V
He performs two more horizontal-bar

acts with the grace and agility of a cir-I

- gift. and many new ones can be in-I“

The Most Wonderful Toy in I
- the World!
P R I C E $ 1 . 5 0 .

_The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin_-are neatly packed in a handsome box I
Delivered anywhere in the United Stateslont
receipt of price. Address , .;

. . , WOLFF NOVELTY C0., , .
.166 w. 23d St., New York City, N; Y. '

man accurately performs like an ath- , '

a horizontal-bar with his heels makes 

The first .

      
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

Ttakcs bu moment to (mark the ;carecr of your‘ choice, Sign your
' d mail. Yet that simple ‘act has started more than two

   

name, clip 0
million men and l , . -_o en toward success. , ,

“In city,’ town and, try all over the world, men are living contented
lives <i‘n‘_happy,"prospcr homes-—»because theyclippcd this coupon.
..'I:neve,ry line of business I‘  industry, in shops, stores, oﬂices,.factories,

mines and on railroads,   are. holding important positions and
teceiﬁring splendid sal"aries_——bec L ~th _y, clipped fthis C0.uPOn- ‘

Clerks havc'become sale.s‘,'Tl;:rtie-,{ng and z; ‘.
itiien, superintendents and engineers, carpentc .
mid boys have risen from nothing to places of resp V ; f—,-because they;clipped thiscoupom V . 
V on have seen i‘t'in‘ almost every magazine you ha ookedfsat for .yeai's. And’ while, '  .l
,0 'l1aVé»l5€€ﬂ Dassinzeit by.’ m'orc»than ten -l-—d——~-----—'-’---v-——-'.-.-----i-l--"-M--V-t i V‘ V
V sandmen iandwomen each month have I ‘. mt""‘J:,°fﬁ,‘;_%?'§§,Ef32P3§.“.f,£ '°"°°"’

making is the ﬁrs: striping stone to rear .g;"..‘:l‘?.‘.’$,sf°.'.’i?.’g%’*.".‘.§‘:El, #2 ;:>:::::‘;::42¢.m%:r. s:::.a“:::a:»i.

S13€C¢S5iﬂ1if¢- l . eusiuzes ,1'nAiumo couasza , ;

 

gmanagers, mechanics liavi-L7 become foi-e- ',
econie architects and contractors,fmcn.

  
     
 
 

   
  
    
     
   
 
       
        
 
  
    

 

~.  .. —. V'-BlV ‘* ,simrii
'Will you Stlu‘ turn away from opportunity?’ i_:;":::“’(-:€:‘,'°”;".3; A , ;:;:':;'°m:. ,
' you still go on, putting HY your»days*;!t‘ ‘ r».mcnuu,gs,mqn2» , V Show"(.‘ai*d naming’ -,t .

’ 4,. '0 ' ‘ . rx   S . '
. am: grind, getting the same paycnvelope Bl’-li='i?."iv'3.'§i'nanxin=i..w Lnl:”.'i§§'.Z"nn¢ii‘.'ia'r"""

  

‘the same insuﬂicient sum, when such a ' '1Avfg$st:1::(,"t)(8i?E1l:éit>‘6:1Il'&.l(h:.A.)‘ gixxvifiiﬁioim _ 1
, " . 4 .- , . . , V Book ii - ., l-
V_;tl thing earth: the means of changing your , ;.,,,.t2'§’.c,‘,,,,, ,,‘}’;',§“§‘;,§,f,',‘°s"u,§‘§‘;;’,’,9°*', .
V‘ V. Sparillh - ,DFrench Illustrating DC mug

 
   

Whole 'e_?

« .‘ rzcnuiou. AND INDI.l!i‘|'BlAL counses 

   

cu‘ ‘asn’.have_ the’ position you vyant in the: ; §:::g§Ie:IIlJﬁt£1l'xli:erlnt' ,  mmmm . ,‘ A ‘, _

“tit ‘ion hkekest.-a salary; that will gm; youj I 'n}g:§h:§:g'e{»;:)l;£tt{s::n » ,- £(r’$‘l::cL:i:t:ll“§)!ri::lllt‘aduSi:n‘ l

W ‘%“"‘>' ‘*‘°' ?‘°‘“°=.”‘° 9"‘“‘-°“‘-"‘ ‘he _ £%:x°.'::2:.%';:*:J::i:“?°' ., . t::::;:s:..§‘:;:2::,e;

uxurics you would like thorn to have. .g;:,}=;,3g1,qg,gg~m¢_ ;  §*,§‘;§,1§:,",§;',,',3,i0’?,‘,{“"""°’

atteri_w_hat‘your,age, your occupation, - §;I(_f:Va°]V‘1$I§K:’unii_MnDpin¢ _, ﬁmgnﬁaogngxnei ‘ :

I':.,'¢dUCaYl0f‘l,>0Jf your means—you can do it! i ggglgg ngaslnfétlnz , 1 t Azrfculture ma mum to: ~

. , , Mathematics
_ ask is the chance to prove it. That's N,“ ”
,' isn't it? Then mark and mailethis tcou-e 
l ’ There's no obligation and not “a penny I ~ ‘_ . j
< vIt's~a little thing that takes lgﬁuta; ‘?“’ V. ‘ ,   l :3“?
u: ‘t’s the mostlim ortant thin 7 on. -'. ‘ . ,    " -l 
mg, 5;; Do.,i»t»now1Vp    3.’: I   2” °s**iz.:wW**s

   
  

    
  

  