BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER

NOVEMBER 7, 1924 _
No. 997 Pnce 8 Cents

IMEWIITMNE
%%WEEIé<i R   

    ﬂR.I:lBHTIN§_ I 

     
   

      

AM 07.45» 370-

 F-/1%-’/ﬂz.“/1%¢A’.

’~ .
ﬁx ~//‘ _A ,.v

, . . -.1-i ’ :
Don know it would be his turn next. .'1fhe situation made him desperate. On the spur of the
moment he broke gway and dashed down the track. With a. fierce imprecation
the man with the switch-bar rushed after him.

 

-5'

    
   
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
  

 

x

W t midst:-cot. New York, N.

. i 7;‘, ‘ - V «. ‘ O Q \ ' K ’
     W W is v;e=!.<.a*.:::.~.:*~:‘.°;.:.*.*.«.;t:?::.':;:..*~:.2‘:..:-n.s.:':3'&.5‘3'f$l3 '2"°Smi92

the Poet-Oﬂice at New York. N. Y., under the Act of March 3. 1879.



CHAPTER I—'l‘he I-Iold-Up.

verybody in the town of Oakland, where Don
Bruce lived, said he was auclezer boyﬁ and what
sa s is enera rue. e was as
ﬁgihgya neyw pinﬁand stocsid at the head of his
class in the High School. ~ He.lived with his
widowed mother and an older sister in a neat cot-
,tage on the suburbs of the town. The Braces
were not very well oil, but they managed to make
ends meet through the exertions of Edith Bruce,
 was a skilled dressmaker, and was constantly
employed by the best ple in town, aided by a
gnu-ly pension whi Mrs. Bruce received from
government, for her husband had served
_ the greater art of the Civil War and
was wounded at the attic of Fisher's Creek, in
the Shenandoah Valley. '
The onl drawback was a mortgage of twelve
' ozallars held by Squire Dornton_on the
 which w * neaﬂy due, but which the
in jgd pg-acti y given them to understand
‘ t he meant to renew. as the secun was g
‘and they had never failed to pa the alf-yearly
chsterest of thirty dollars‘ when it me due.
. Don was of an inventive turn of mind. His
eictive brain teemed with ideas,-some of which he
{was able, through great persistence, to reduce to
a practical shape. He had a small workshop in
, barn behind the house, and here he put in
time as he could spare. The shelves were
«ornamented with a dozen models of diﬁerent
 -.: of which a saltrmaking machine and his
production, a stone-crusher, were about all
» promised results. It was the ﬁrst of July-
date on which the semi-annual interest on the
.= was due, and Don was to carry the

‘ 1 dollars to the home of sauire Dalton. The

 pthis, as he was conﬁn
Igrevvleg and could not call for the money hun-
‘ ‘Accordingly, after dinner, which was al—
__ {gun -by the Braces in the middle of the
‘lraffruce counted out the amount from her
gs, put it into an envelope addressed

 and then placed it inside a small
ﬂuid handed the some to Don._ Into the
 also. laced a small, bundle con-

»  silk table scarf. which
cus.temerqliring not tor

  

  
 

.. 'ttenM .B to ki her
but wn rs need zontlie llrlusrdgwith’

. the rascal’s h ' if he could help it,‘ and he” ;

No. 997 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 7, 1924 . Price 8 Cents. r
. BOUND TO RISE
OR, I-’lGHTlNG HIS WAY TO SUCCESS ‘“

" By A SELF-MADE MAN

was expected to deliver. Thus equipped, Don‘;
left the house, walked to the trolley line, which
passed close to his destination, two miles outside
of Oakland, hailed a car and was present! on
his way. It was a cloudy afternoon, though t ere
were no positive indications that it was likely to
rain. There were several passengers in the car,
one of whom was a very pretty attired girl of
perhaps ﬁfteen. As the car proceeded on its way
toward the next town the passengers dropped oﬁ,
one by one, until only the girl and Don were left.

About a mile and a half outside of Oakland the
road took a wide sweep to the left, and when the
trolley car reached the middle of this curve some-
thing unexpected happened. Four rough-looking
men, with t eir faces partially covered with hand-
kerchiefs, to prevent identiﬁcation, sprang from
behind a clump of bushes and boarded the car-
two on the front platform and two on the rear.

One of them seized the rope and jerked the
trolley clear of the wire, thereby cutting off the
power and presently bringing the car to‘ a stand-
still. Drawing revolvers, the rascals compelled
the motorman, conductor, Don and the frightened
girl to alight and line up on the track ahead.

It was aclear case of hold-u most unfor-
tunate predicament for Don d himself in at
that moment. for the loss of the thirty dollars
interest money he carried in the satchel would he
a very serious matter for the Bruce family.

While three of the ruﬂians threatened the vice _
time with two revolvers and a switch—bar, which
one ‘of them had picked up somewhere, the iourth
began operations on the person of the conductor, V »
emgwing his kets of a few lu'lls and loose
change. Don ew it would be his turn next.
The situation made him desperate. On the spur’ i
of the moment he broke away and dashal down
the track. With a ﬁerce imprecation the man
with the switch-bar rushed after him. Don, how-
ever, was a good runner,-and the rascal with the
switch—bar was no_ match for him in that respect.
He called on the boy to stop, swore roundly, and '
threatened himwith all kinds of vengenace if he ' -
did not. But Don was not a fool. He had thirty, %
dollars and a valuable piece of sik aaods to save./, 7‘
and he was not ' tolct the satchel tall 

  
  
     

;l:u3hth,hec‘¢31:utl¢h.P063iblyit‘zl,axI_t)rt‘?cIiVIl1i¢s i
p on lap desertapre gr 
but he  that it ‘clog-ly; (to,

—

n
3?

     

    
   
  
 
 
    
  
    
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   

.=-. ~ . . 2

BOUND ‘T0 RISE -

5 - ’
_ motorman and the conductor to protect her, as
-e-"she was, to a certain extent, in their charge..
' ' At any rate, it was a most important matter to
save the contents of the satchel, for he was re-
- sponsible for the safe deliirery of both the money
aiui the scarf at their destinations. So he ran»
down the track as fast as he could, and when the -
ruﬁian in pursuit saw that he could not overtake
the boy he threw the switch-bar after him. For-1
tunately it fell short, and Don rapidly increased
" his distance. Had the man thrown the bar at
first, when Don was within easy reach, there
. might have been a diﬁerent tale to tell. As it
» was, the boy outfooted his pursuer, and the latter
‘ gave up the race and returned to the stalled car.
Fortunately for Don, he was quick—witted as
well as ﬂeet. When he saw the man go back it
occurred to him that the rascals might continue
» the chase in the car, hoping to catch him off his
-guard. That is just what they did do, but when
they caught sight of him scudding across the
meadows they gave him up for a bad job and,
alighting, permitted the car to proceed on its
wa . n,‘of course, had to w k the rest of the
, may to Squire Dalton’s home. owever, that did
 not matter much. He had outwitted the tramps .
» and was‘ —in'h_igh glee over that fact.

himself he took thehandle of hisbag between
his teeth and began to work his way upward to-
ward freedom. He found it a slow and diﬁicult
trip, and one that took all the dogged persistence
of his nature to accomplish. At length he got
his hands on the outside rim of the brickwork,
and had raised his head into the outer air, when
he saw four persons crossing the ﬁeld toward him.

A hurried glance showed him that they were
the four trampish-looking rascals who had held
up the car. Don immedoately ducked his head
out of sight, and then asked himself whether he
had not better drop to the bottom of the well
again in order to avoid the possibility of dis-
_covery. But the trouble he had had in climbing
up induced him to remain where he gas. '

“They may pass close to this old well, but it's
hardly likely that they will take the trouble to
look into it,” he ﬁgured. 4

So he remained clinging. to the brickwork like
some huge spider in his hiding-place.

in loud and animated discourse as they drew near.

As they passed within a few feet of his position
he was surprised'to hear the name of Squire Dal-
ton mentioned by one of the men. Don raised
his head above the hole and looked after them. He

building.

“I wouldn't be ‘surprised if that is where those
rascals hang out while in this neighborhood,‘ he
said‘ to himself. “It would givevme a good deal of
satisfaction to put the constables on to them, If
I could only be sure that this is their rendezvous,
the police might he able to nab them right 08 the
reel. Now, I’ wonder why they were talking about
Squire Dalton? Can it be that they are ﬁguring’
on robbing his house? 1’ give something to ﬁnd
out. There they go ri t into ‘that house. I
think I owe a duty to the community to try and

/( CHAPTER lI.——iIn the Vacant House.

Don did not return to the road along which the
ley ran, but made a detour across the ﬁelds,
‘which, though not as pleasant walking, had the
advantage of being a short cutto his destination.
Short cuts, however, sometimes have their dis-
advantages, and so it was with Don in this case. -
 As he approached an old, deserted house in the
center of one of the ﬁelds he saw sone boards
 upon the ground in his path. Their pres-
ence there had no signiﬁcance for him, and he did
not even take the trouble to avoid them, but step-
K right upon them. It Happened ﬂint those
; rd: had been placed there to cover a dry well,
not a very deep one, and that time and moisture
 sapped their strength, Consequently the.mo-
ment Don's entire weight rested on them they
' lded with a suddennesmthat allowed him no
in; to save himself. Down he-shot into the
depths, like a stage demon through a trap, and
. he disappeared from sight in lessitime than one
‘could’ whisper f‘J‘ack Robinson.” ‘
.Th&b0tt0!!‘! of the well was ‘partially ﬁllecb in
th, loose earth, and thisbroke his fall. Never-
'th_eless* got a bad shalungup and a nasty blow
'-asrthe, cad from the brick side of the well. It
was several minutes‘ before he began to realize
s.position- The shock he had sustained made
ck and dizzy. and»‘he leaned back against
_' of thewell to recover himself. As soon
 felt better, and was satisﬁed he had‘ sus-
.. /~ no material l1'lJl11'.V. he looked up and saw
' _ho was alaav.tatwelve- feet_below the level
 Bow  was going to escape from.
Iﬁortunate predicament seemed at first sight

tions. Still, I mustn’t be rash. It wouldn't do

for me to lose what's in this bag.’ First of all I i
must get out of this well)’

' That feat was not difficult now, as Don had 3

good grip on the top of the brickwork, so by the

the well. He found that by walking over to a a
stone wall that formed the boundary of that par.
ticular ﬁeld he could approach close to the mg-1

even if one of the ruflians happened to be

preferred to_. have given those rascals a 
berth, particularly after what had occurred ‘on
the trolley road, but Don was of an adventurous

disposition and plucky to a degree. He had»
strong desire to assist in bringing about their
arrest‘, and with that purpose in view by w“
‘eager to’ get a line on their movements, and ﬁe

chan to do this might not occur again. W1
grea caution he left the shelter of the fence and
walked up to a one—story addition to the bail ‘

yuan i‘ or him A 1-chm‘ iiiudehéegmm eiclsbpymiiiﬁﬁrig °himn°y’di'-E‘ 3“ V
 .* moresea _ nus ormerresi tau,
thc«sid§.s;’of the well;’howeve:;ire; lriﬁiwen. b.  _ is
mnqug1;*.~~s as» we as» In ms —’ p are was a e],q;¢d- ago;-. _ t M w
i. a way:tin—;:»ii1¢'.i!1hiq.dh ﬁon  V

  

  

     
  
 

  
  

 
  
 
 

 
 
 

 

get out. When Don had thoroughly recovered, ‘A

discover if they are up to some other pieces of ‘-
villainy and then to put 9. spoke in their opera— - *

exercise of his muscles he pulled himself out of’ "

r

of the house without much chance of detection, 

watch. Mo_st boys in Don's position woul¢l’—nh::_lw: if?“

r

4

Presently he heard the voices of the ruﬂiaiis ., ‘

, saw that they were making for the deserted frame’

a i

1.‘

.;'-"

    
      
  

    
   

  

~ n

      
   
      
      
       
    
       
      
  
  
   
 

  

‘opposite the chimney. ‘Ashe had seen the four

1 ’ men enter through the door, he did not consider

*‘- it prudent to follow their example, lest he run

 afoul of them in that room. So he looked around

;.. for some other way to get into the house with-

. out attracting ‘attention. He saw a water butt

 standing against the blank wall under the chim-

 ney. It was covered. and Don calculated that
he could easily scramble to the roof of the addi-
tion and get into the mainpart of the building
through one of the windows overlooking the
 kitchen roof. Before attempting this feat he

7 stowed his satchel away under the water butt.
vs “There. now. I won't be handicapped by that

 thing, and if\the rascals should nab me by any

3 chance the bag and its contents will be safe

” from their clutches.

' Don took off his shoes. and, sticking one in

* each of his side pockets. he clambei-ed down
_ upon the water butt and thence to the roof of

‘ the kitchen. Stepping gingerly over the shingles,
he reached the nearest window and tried it. It
readily yielded to his touch, and softly raising
the sash he climbed through intp a vacant cham-
? her. Leaving the window open, to facilitate his
' retreat, if necessary. he tiptoed/across the dusty
" ﬂoor and opened a door communicating with the
u, upper landing. Hearing no sound. Don investi-
:'-‘ gﬁd the other rooms on that ﬂoor,. and found

 just as empty and just as dirty as the
 he had entered ﬁrst.

' ‘It is evident that the men are downstairs.
perhaps in the kitchen. There are no signs to
- show that they have ever been up here. So I'll
 have to go down.’ .

, He descended the staircase with great caution.

enter it had a tendency_to creak underneath his

-‘ weight, and stood listening in the.hall below.

__ Still there was not a sound to indicate where
 four rascals were. Don carefully looked at
the fastening of the front door, and saw that

f_"‘_it was simply locked. with the key gone. A door

' opened on to the hallway from either side. l_)on

‘listened at. both keyholes, and. hearing nothing,

ODened'in turn each of the doors and found

rooms to be in a similar state to those up-

 guess those chaps are in the kitchen. a_ll
”. ‘right. I wonder if I'll be able to get within

hrahot of them?"

" He walked to the end ofthe hall and tried the

door which opened of of it. pop opened it with

al due caution. and found himself looking into

mother vacant room. evidently once pad as a

‘Nothing. doing yet,’ he muttered.

‘e crossed the apartment to a doorthat he be-
. »  opened on to the kitchen.

'= .“‘!‘hey’ae in there, if they haven't left the house
1 Ifve been making a tour of the place." he

?'liIl.".hc could hear no sound.from the men,
h he listened intently at the keyhole.
y he mustered up resolution enough to turn
ml. of the door and open it ‘an inch or
. rstill no sound or sign ‘of the ruﬂians. ,
-‘ﬁlm’ they have left the house so soon 1"’ Don
‘ W ‘himself, as he continued to push the door
 able to ggehthaththe room
 311%! any‘ teoters.

 

 
 

 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
        
       
      

 
 

  

      

i:

the joy saw. and ,

BOUND TO RISE 3 

he stood i'i-resolutely
scratched his head.

“I've been through every room in the house.
and there isn't a single thing to show that these
men hang out here. Now, what puzzles me is.
why did they come here. and where have they
gone ?” A

He stepped into the kitchen and looked around.
There were two other doors beside the one open-
ing out on the yard. and through which he had
seen the men enter. Trying the one on the
left, he saw it opened into a closet. Then he
opened the other and found that it communicated
with a pair of steps leading to the cellar. As
he stood looking down. he heard, for the first
time since entering the house, the voices of
men in conversation.

“Ah!” exclaimed Don.

CHAPTER III.—Don Makes at Discovery and
Plays a Smart Trick.

The conversation below was only desultory, and
there were other sounds which showed the ras-_
cals were doing something in the cellar. Don
was curious to find out what they were up to.
and yet he was afraid to go down, lest he invite
immediate discovery. Judging by the sounds he
heard. the men were at the far end of the cellar,
and this fact gave Don courage after a while.
He closed the door behind him to shut oil‘ the
light, and then placed his stocking feet on the
first step, then on the one lower, and then on
the third. BY stooning down he was able to look
into the cellar. A couple of candles were bum-
ms in the far corner. and the four men were
grouped near them. One was digging with a
piece of shingle. two ,were kneeling down and a
third_standing up. all watching the excavation
the digger was making.

“What can they be_ after?’ thought Don, with
no little curiosity.

. He advanced another step with more conﬁdence.
for the stairs were shrouded in darkness, and the
ruﬂians were deeply interested in the work they
had in hand. Finally he reached the door of the
cellar and crept forward to a big empty box:
behind which lie hid.

“I don't believe this is the right corner,” he
heard one of the men say.

“This is the left—hand corner. isn't it ?" replied
til: man with the shingle, pausing and looking
‘‘Of_ course it is, but there doesn't seem to be
anything here."

_“Flash Dick said it was the left-hand corner.
didn't he ?" _ /'

Well, he might have maple a mistake. .l-Ie
was partly oi? his chump. anyway.” _

";As he buried the bag, he ought to know.”

‘Tints 1'1Rht," mteriected one of the others.
“Dig deeper. Burley.” —

_ There was nothing more said for a- time, dur-
ing which the manwith the shingle worked away
industriously. throwing the 'dirt behind him. Then

the man who had asserted that the digging was V
being done at the wrong spot. chipped in 0ll4c€"

IIIOTB.

h\"~"’ I \

  

on the threshold and-

“They are down there." ‘

“You'.re'ddw.a 1ca'1eet now and there ain’t.iio 

  

 

   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
  
   
     
   
 

4 BOUND TO RISE

sign of the bag,” he said impatiently. “I'll bet
it's the other corner.”

“Maybe he didn’t bury the stuﬁ here, after

' all,” said one of the men.

“He must have,” said the man who wanted
operations transferred to the other corner.» “Flash
Dick Wouldn't have said he did if he didn't.”

“Well, let's try the other corner.” said the man.
“The stuff is well worth hiintin’ for. if we spend
a week doin’ it. It’s all solid silver, ain't it?”

“That’s what it is,” said the other man.

“It ought to make a good haul for us. We
kin melt it up and sell it for coin metal. Squire
Dalton will never see the stuff ag’in if we get
our hands on it, I warrant that,” with a rough
laugh.

“He's offered a reward of ﬁve hundred dollars

_, and no questions asked for its return," said the

man addressed as Burley. “That shows it's the
real stuﬂ’. Flash Dick was a clever duck to get
away with it without discovery.”

“There wasn’t no cleverer fellow in the busi-
ness,” was the reply. “Be the grass green over
his grave. He was a square pal, too. None bet-
ter.”

matter, for Don remembered reading in the Oak-
land Times, three weeks since. that Squire Dal-
ton’s house had been burglarized one night and
a considerable quantity of silverware stolen from
the premises. Among other things was a solid
silver service that the squire had presented his
wife on the occasion of their silver wedding an-

niversary. The burglar had left no clue by which

the police could trace him, and the detective
called into the case had failed to ﬁnd any trace
of the goods, although the pawnbrokers’ shops of
the neighboring cities had been visited and duly
warned of the exact nature of the plunder.

Don now caught on tothe fact that the burglar
had buried the swag in the cellar of this de-‘
serted house. and, being unable to return for it,
had told of its whereabouts to one of his friends,
who appeared -to be one of those four rascals.
and he had enlisted the others in the project of
recovering the stolen plate for their mutual ad-
vantage.

The digging man discontinued in the left-hand
corner and begun anew in the opposite corner,

. which brought the fellows closer’ to the concealed

boy. As their faces were no longer,disguised
by the handkerchiefs which thev had worn when

they held up the trolley car, Don got a good.

view of their features. They were certainly a
hard-looking lot, and seemed capable of commit-
ting any crime in the calendar, even murder.
,“I wouldn’t like them to catch me down here,”
breathed Don. “I’m afraid it might go hard with
me.” .
He half wished that he had not begun the -in-

.vestigation which had led him to _the cellar, but
~it was too late now to worry over what he had

done. Appanently he must remain where he was
until the rascals -took theizudeparture. He was
not particularly averse to this, as he was in-
terested in the search the men were making. If
they found the silyerware in question. Don

' ‘~.._.’thonght he might_ be able to set the police on
 their track. so that theiplunider could be-,recover-

_ed_', _in which event. he ho _ he might. come in
for apart, of the reward thegsquire ho.d,9ﬂ‘ered.

 

   

This conversation threw a bit of light on the.

Anything in the shape of money appealed to
Don, as it was a ‘somewhat scarce article at
his home. The man who suggested the change
of corners now undertook to do thedigging. The
work proceeded slowly. for the shingle broke in
half, and they did not have a second one. Their
conversation was not particularly interesting to
the boy_. as it was interspersed with oaths and
expressions unintelligible to anybody but crooks
like themselves. Half an hour passed away in
this manner. and then the digger uttered an ex-
clamation of satisfaction. ‘

“I believe I’ve struck the bag.” he said. --

One of his companions grabbed a candle and
held it down into the hole. The digger scraped
some of the earth away.

“It’s the bag, all right,” he said.

Two of the men now started in to help mat-
ters along with their hands, and the dirt ﬂew
fast. At length they uncovered the object of
their search suﬁiciently to enable them to lift it
out of the hole.

“Now, let's have a look at the stuff,” said.
Burley, tearing away the bit of string that held
the mouth of the sack together. _

Both candles were held so as to throw as much
light into the bag as possible.

“It’s the real stuﬁ'—-pure silver," one exclaim-
ed, thrusting in his arm and drawing out a glis-
tening water pitcher. “That must have cost a.
hundred cases."

Burley ﬁshed out a silver tray, with a mono-
gram cut on the bottom. ‘

“W_e’re in luck,” he said. “The bag is full-of
all kinds of silver stuff. Flash Dick knew what
to put his ﬂippers on. Not a plated article in
the whole outﬁt.” .-

The articles inspected were returned to the
bag and the‘ mouth retied.

“Now, the question is, how are we zoin’ to
carry this bag away without any one gettin’ on
to us ‘!” said Burley.

“We must wait till dark,"‘said the man who
had been doing the digging.

“It won't be dark for several hours,” replied
Burley, getting out his pipe, ﬁlling it with tobacco v e
andlighting it at one of the candles. “I'm a bit "'-
peckish, seein’ as I hain’t had nothin’ to eat since
mornin’, and not much then. If we are goin’ to
remain here three or four more hours I reckon —
one of us ought to go foragin’ for victuals." _

This suggestion struck a responsive chord in- ,
the minds.» of the others, and after some argu-
ment it was decided that two of them should -,
go on to Bridgeton, a mile away‘, and purchase
a small stock of provisions.’ ’

A coin was tossed up to decide who were to
go, and, the result being announced, the pair took
their departure for the town in question. Burley
and the man who had done the successful dig-‘ .‘
ging remained in the ‘cellar. Don began to rea1i1_ls,— '
that he was fatedto remain where he was until-3
some time after dark, and the prospect ‘was not -—
encouraging. The two men smoked and talked for 
half an hour, and then Burley said he was ‘going 7*-;‘:"'
upstairs for a change. The other decided tome. 7.‘-‘:3;
company him, and in a few minutes Don was left ii
aldlle. ‘_ . 2"‘-‘

“Thank goodness, they’re gone," hecsaid; "but_~f?_‘.;7
I SHPPQSE they'll be back ag_ain—presently.."-I ‘  
,- He got out from behindgthe box and streﬁlica ‘T?

_ . ' 1; 3?, - i ‘ 7 ..§;'‘.' 1 3:‘ _.‘_

 

‘I

   
  

   

   

his cramped limbs The candles ‘still burned
 where Burley had placed them on top of a box,
' 4 "and the bag of plunder stolen from Squire Dal-
’ ton’s home lay on the edge of the hole. Don drew
on his shoes and made a hasty servey of the
- cellar. He_found there was another exit from the
place besides the stairs leading up the kitchen.
' ‘A short ﬂight of steps connected with a pair
of common cellar ﬂaps. Striking a match. Don saw
‘ that the double covers were held by a hasp se-
cured by .a small spike. To remove the spike, open
_ one of the flaps and escape from the cellar seemed
, a simple mhtter for Don, provided he was not
seen from one of the windows by the rescals
above, whom he could hear walking about the
rooms. He took out the spike and tried the flap
to see how it would work. It creaked a bit on its
hinges, but otherwise there was no trouble.
“Now, if I only could get away with the sack
. of silverware; but of ‘course I couldn’t. Before I

.v~ could carry that very far those rascals would miss
’ it and be after me.”

Then his eye lighted on the water butt.

, “By George! If I could get it out of the cellar
'— , unobserved I'd drop it into that cask. I'll bet
_ Q. they'd never think of looking there for it.”

{. . It struck Don as being such a brilliant idea that

. : heyearned to put it into practice. He returned
’ I to the cellar ﬂoor and listened. He no longer
'  heard the men on the floor above. Were they
" standing by a window, or had they gone upstairs?

;:?'l'he fear that they might come upon him un-
 made him nervous. Suddenly as his eyes
‘zfell upon a coil of rope an idea struck him. He
‘seized the rope and one of the candles and ran

up the cellar stairs. One end of the rope he
made fast to the knob of the door opening on
the kitchen; the other end, after drawing the
‘ rope taut, he made fast to the rail near the top
, ~ step of the stairway. It was impossible now for
',.the two rascals to regain the cellar that way with-
-out breaking down the door. That would give Don
in little chance to act. So he grabbed the bag of
silverware, which he found very heavy, and drag-
ged it across the cellar ﬂoor to the other stair-
_ way. Then be dragged it’ up the stairway into
—~ the open air. Removing the cover of the water
 butt, which he then used as a support, he raised
- the bag up, grabbed it in his arms and dumped
it over into the cask, where it fell with a splash
‘ ' into the dirty water and disappeared.
‘ '- "I guess it will be safe enough there,” said

. Don, complacently, as he put the cover on again.
. —, At that moment he heard a noise in the kitchen.
: ‘_ . -“I’ll bet they're trying to get that cellar door

 ' “P611” he chuckled. “It must puzzle them greatly
7‘ to account for what is holding it shut.”

- He softly shut the cellar ﬂap. reached ‘under
, water butt for his satchel, and slipping
1. ~.Irumd to the front of the building started for
' .- - ‘the nearby trolley road as fast as his legs could‘

 

  
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
 
 

 

erty and Receives the Reward.

‘ soon reached the road and.‘ turning in
Tdireetion otkrldgeton. lost no time ‘in cover-
  whicb intervened be‘-ween him

i» ‘ ~ BOUND T0 RISE 5 “

1

and the home of Squire Dalton. Fifteen minutes
later he rang the front-door bell at the Dalton
house, quite a pretentious dwelling, setting back
some ﬁfty feet from the street. He was admitted
and ushered at once into the presence of the

well-to-do owner of the house, who was sitting ~

in his library with a newspaper in his hands, and
a bandaged foot resting on a low stool.

“Good afternoon, Bruce.” said the squire, pleas-
antly, motioning the boy to a seat.

“Good afternoon, Squire Dalton," replied the
lad, placing the satchel on his lap and opening
it. “I have brought you the thirty dollars in-
terest nfoney.”

As the squire had been expecting that Don
might call that afternoon. he had the receipt in
his pocketbook ready to exchange for the money.

“Ah, indeed, your mother is always prompt. I
wish I could say the same of all with whom -'
have money dealings.” V

Don passed over the money and received tho.
receipt.

“I suppose you will renew the mortgage. Squire
Dalton," said Don, “as mother is not able to
pay the principal." _

“It would be an unnecessary expense and bother
to go to the trouble of making out a new mort-
gage, when the old one will answer as well. Tell
your mother that she need be under no anxiety
about the matter. The loan can remain indeﬁnite-
l.\'. as long as the interest is paid with her ac-
customed regularity.’

“But, sir, if you should change your mind you
could call the loan at any time. and if we were
unable to pay you could foreclose." .

“That would necessarily remain my privilege
under certain limitations. but I have no imme-
diate intention of exercising it. I prefer to have
the money invested as it is. So long as the in-
terest is paid with reasonable promptness I am
perfectly satisﬁed not to make any change."

As Squire Dalton was regarded as a perfectly
square man in business matters, Don had noth-
mg more to say on that subject. He had some-
thing else to say. however. that rather surprised
the squire.

“I believe your house was robbed a few weeks
ago, Squire Dalton ?” he said as an introduction
to what was to come. g

“Yes. I lost quite a lot of valuable silverware,
of which I have been unable to get any trace.
although I have a detective still working on the
case.

“I think you offered a reward of five hundred

dollars for its recovery ?"

:I did, but I am afraid no one wlil earn it.”

_ Would You have any objection to my earning
!t.“Sauirs Dalton ?” asked Do_n.

You! exclaimed the squire, looking hard at
the boy._ It cant be that you have found any
clue to its whereabouts ?"

“Yes. sir. I may say that I had my hands
011 Your property half an hour» ago.‘

"1 d0n't Quite understand you.” _

“I think -when you have heard my. story. sir.
you will admit that there is a chance of you get-
ting Y§_ur silv'er back through me.’ .

I will hear you," said the squire, in a, tone

which showed a trace of some excitement. ~ '
- Whereupon D_on recited the adventures he had. . 
(One thmuirh since leaving his mother’: cottaio V "

 

 

  
  
 
   
 
  
    
  
   
   
 
  
    
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
      
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
    
  
   
 

‘that afternoon with the thirtyJd llars to pay the
semi-‘annual interest on the mo gage. »- _

v “This is a most remarkable story, Bruce,” said
-the squire. “If you really have saved my prop-
erty, as you say, and it is restored to me, you

‘shall have my check for the full amount of the
reward.”

« “Thank you. sir. If you will telephone to the
Bridgeton police station and have two or three
oﬂicers sent over here I’ll pilot them to the
house, and they may be able to catch the rascals
who are guilty of-the holdvup. At any rate,
we'll bring your property back with us.”

“I can't leave my chair. Bruce. The blephone
is over in the corner. You will oblige me _by
ringing up the station and giving the uthorities
whatever directions you think nec ry under
the circumstances."

Don did so. and told the squire that two police-
men would start for his house at once. The
hold-up had long ago been reported. and half

- a dozen oﬂicers were out on the lookout for’ the
rascals. The oﬂicers came inside of ﬁfteen
minutes, and Don started with them for the de-
serted house. When they arrived at the build-
ing the cellar door was found broken in, out
the birds had ﬂown. They had evidently taken
alarm at the disappearance of the silver’ and
had skipped the place.

With the assistance of the policemen the water
butt was overturned and the bag of silverware
was found where Don had hidden it. ere was
little danger that it would suﬁer from he soak-
ing it hadreceived, so Don lifted it on his back

~ and guarded by the ofﬁcers, carried it over to
the trolley. where they waited for a car bound
fa-Bridgeton. Don got on’ with the bag in front
of the squire’s home, while the policemen went on
to town to report their failure to capture the

;four ruﬁlans. The boy carried the bag into the
house and to the squire’s library. .

“I guess you'll ﬁnd all your stolen goods here,

fair,” said Don. beginning to untie the string

around the neck of the sack.

._ , “I hope so.” replied the delighted gentleman.

' “Take them out and lay them on the_floor. one

by one. andpcthen oblige me by ringing for a

servant.” - _ _

. When the sack had been emptied of its precious
' contents, Don summoned one of the servants. and

D the squire sent her upstairs to ask Mrs. Dalton

‘to come to library at once. _She came, and
was astonish ‘ to see the stolen silverware dis-
played upon the ﬂoor.of the room.

“Why. William. how didyou recover it?”

“Through this young man, Donald Bruce, the

‘ son of Mrs. Bruce, of O ” _

“I should like to

d.
. “Indeed?” replied the_ lady.
heai~—-—" _ V
‘.‘Flr8t count the articles and seeif they tally
with the list of the different things that were
‘taken that night?’ interrupted her husband. .
Hrs. Dalton went over the articles that had
 in the bag and declared that nothing was

5 . ..
_ -“I an glaifto. heariit. my dear." replied the
squire. "‘,_Now ifyouwillzotoniydeok and
imam out I Lliaek topoaaia Bruce’! order for

 of llllliﬂg dollars. I will sign it.’

s u.

4

    

 
 
  
 

Y

    
 

  

  
 
 

1%.»

 

S c‘ ’ BOUND To ‘RISE ' 

- Dalton then wanted to hear how the stolen prow « 5'

husband . ted. a-
 in; the/table jwith his-iiaim fist.-,_~ .— 

/

hand and was feeling like a small capitalist. Mrs.

erty had been recovered, and Don obliged her 
with the story, just as he had previously related
it to Squire Dalton.

‘jMy goodness!” she exclaimed. when he had
finished. “You are a plucky boy. I- think few 
boys would have attempted what you did for .-
any reward, and I doubt if another boy in the
whole county would have saved the silverware 
so cleverly. You have easily earned the reward. =
and I congratulate you on its acquisition."

‘,"I'hank you, ma'am. And now. as,.I have an-

 

other errand in the neighborhood, I think I will

go. I am very much obliged to you for the » 
check, Squire Dalton.” 
“You are entirely welcome. Bruce,” replied the ":
squire. “I hope the money will be of gfeat 7%
service to you.” ‘ .
“There isn’t any doubt of that. sir,” replied
glen. taking up’ his hat and bowing himself out of
e room. ,

CHAPTER V.——Introduces Our Heroine and
O ers. '

Don had auite an exciting story to tell his 1
mother and sister when he got home. just about . .
dark. When he exhibited his ﬁve-hundred-dollar 
ﬁhilegk there was surprise and joy in the honse- _

o . 

The Oakland Times got hold of the particulars
of the recovery of Squire Dalton’s stolen silver 
ware in time to print the story in the follow- “
ing morning's paper. and by the average b
fast hour nearly exerybody in the town was talk-
ing ‘ about Don Bruce, the hero of the aﬂair.
Sam Jenkins saw the account in cold type. and ‘
as soon as he had ﬁnished the morning meal he .;
rushed over to call on his chum and to con- \
gratulate him on earning the reward offered six. 
weeks before by the squire.  

“You're in luck, Don." he asid. as soon as he "
met his friend. “Five hundred dollars is a lot
of money. I wish I had so much.”

“Yes,” admitted Dpn. “it is quite a little
boodle.”

“What are you going to do with it?” .

“Well, Pveigiven half of it to mother, to begin
with. The rest———"

“You're sroing to put into your inventions, I
suppose ?” interjected Sam. 
“Well, I think I’ll take out a patent for my“.
rock-crusher.” . 3%,

While the boys were talking in the dining-room" 
of the Bruce cottage, four men. the rascals who’
had been engaged in the ‘trolley hold-up, ‘nu
seated in a back room of an ice cream saloon
in Bridgeton. They had been reading the Bridge-
ton Sunday Signal, which had printed the detain
of the recovery by Squire Dalton of his silver-
ware, and the account had dispelled soinothiiu :«
that had until then been a great mystery to clan. e..;—‘
They vented their chagrin -and anger in 
tions and muttered threats of vengeance on the
nlgcvléy, boy vzlighazl outwittodﬂ1:‘htel:.t  " 

e ve go go square wz , «
ed the fellow who had clvsed Don unsueeessfullg
with the  , _

“And we will, too.” responded Barley

   

      
     
     
  
   
  

     
      
    
   
  

    
  
      
    

    
      
     
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
     
   
  
  
   
  

W‘  t... . 1  _‘~ ‘   ‘.4.

‘How are we goin’ to do it?" asked
. mgcompanions. named Grundy. . . _ .
" I '- » “That's what we’ve got-~to ﬁtter on right here."
‘ said the fourth rascal. known as Croker.
» The rascals put their heads together and de-
‘ ‘liberated the knotty question for half an hour
before they came to a ﬁnal arrangement.‘ . Bur-
‘ ‘Jley produced a pair of bushy 'false_ whiskers,
-~ -which be adjusted to his face. and. ha_vmz dressed
in a comparatively new sﬁ1t_o_f clothes
; ‘loaned him by the proprietor of_ the Jomt where
he and his associates,were_ in hiding. Started f0!’
, Oakland to make certain investigations.
" At ten: o'clock that day Don and Sam started
. for Sunday-school. Neither, however. had a place
‘in a elass—Don was librarian and Sam was his
‘assistant. They had all they could do during
‘class hour to replace the returned books on the
‘shelves and ﬁll the requisitions for new ones in
time.-to be sent to the various teachers for dis-
trziblrtion» among the scholars. After Sunday-
I school waswout Don managed. as usual, to _meet
-{ Miss ‘Ma ‘ White. daughter of the president
 of the .0 land Bank. at the door.
I “Good morning, Miss Marian," he said. lifting
hisrhat litely. ‘- I .
. .“Goodp1?1'orn' g',’Don." she replied, with a bright
smile.-extending her gloved hand. “Lovelyyday,
isn't it?" —- ” _
Don was about to reply that It was. when a
niruoely dressed boy. named Herbert Shaw. son
-the Oakland Bank's cashier. stepped up and
§‘ rudely elbowed him ‘back. at the same time ad-
I -‘ dressing the zirl. I ' M
“ h — to see - on this’ morning. iss
* _Whill;ed,?’ght:dhid,' with ‘ya bow and a life of his
‘ “Shall I have the pleasure of seeimz you
home?" - .
_ In on wi.u.«havg_ excuse me. Mr. Shaw.” re-
,°‘,u,d the"prett_Y girl. somewhat coldly. for she
did not like Herbert Shaw even a little bit. 81-
ﬂwuzh he was 3 membgrxof the same social set
to which-she belomzed and paid he!‘ 8 Heat deal

§i

   

    
  

    

-' t h me.” .
§3§i£:-tt-‘Q  r::r1:d,mgnd°he cast a scornful

‘at Don. who stood to one side. This was
$n?:i1‘d time that Herbert had failed to me-
nopolize Marlan's society when _Don Bruce was

, and it made him angry and‘ disgusted.
know" better, however, than to give expression
togbis sentiments in the gir1’I_ —vresenc_e. He re-

' ".1. mg. rage under a sickly sm:le._ bowed
E permitted‘ Hanan toVwall_:‘o‘ﬂ_with his rival.
,. helooked after‘ them _w1th~no _hleasI_mt ex-
 ~.- on his featuresnvlnle he panned his_ well-
- _ shoes svitlvthe point of,"ln_s slender ivory-
 ¢m in away that indicated _l'll§ feel-

. y y . I . 1
“ﬂiers the time you got left, Herb," chuckled
. -- ». at his elbow.
‘ A. . , on'_.];?3 lipg. but checked himself when
* Q1. it was the pastor's son. Henry. who had

.. |..'too sure or I u.‘ an Chase." he
' linnleaaant la gh._ .A ‘ .
obdlnxsaroof it when-Ieheard

n_ermit_—you tans! her


  e :11 favor of Don

   

   

  
   

 

    
 
  

  
  
 

   
  
  

aoUND To RISE

one of ' "

,fellow isn’t_ in my‘ class.”_ _ ‘«
“That’s r1ght—he isn’t. but he gets there, just. "

at attentionin one way or another. “Mr. Bruce '

bout with an imxrv.ex- '

“How do you make that out? That fellow hap-
pened to ask her,ﬁrst." , ,
“No, he didn't. _You stepped up before he had
a chance to. I heard all that passed between
them. He simply wished her good morning, and
then you butted in and" got it in ‘the neck for
doing so. It is very evident she don’t care to have
you see her home; that’s why she as good as
asked Bruce to escort her." V 0

This was decidedly unpalatable informatiog for , I I

Herbert's ears.

“Do you mean to say that he didn't ask to I

7. 

 

.,r:<~.__

1

see her home?” he demanded. ' .

“That's just what I mean to say." chuckled‘
Henry Chase. who took pleasure in aggravating
Herbert wherever Marian White was concerned.

“I hate that fellow!” snorted Herbert, male- ,_

volently. -

“We always hate those who get the better of 

us,” grinned Herfry. _

“D0 you mean to say he's got the better of
me ?" roared Herbert, furiously. “He-—a pog-
boy ?” - '

"‘It seems evident-thathe has,.as far as Miss‘ ‘

White is concerned.”

“I don’t believe it. It's preposterous! irhat

the same.” ,

The way’ Chase said it nearly drove Herbert
frantic, while Henry rubbed his hands together
and chuckled Quietly. He was;.trying to fan a

live coal into a blaze for some purpose he had I

in view. .

_“Look here. _Hal. are we going to put up with
this ‘sort of thing? Are we zoing to allow that
low boy to butt in among his social superiors '2"

“Do you know any way of taking him down 1" 

asked Henry. with sly emphasis.

“No, I don't; but if you'll stand in with me’ 4

on some scheme I'll push it through."

“You haven't the nerve, Herb.” laughed Henry,‘
tantalizingly.

“I'll bet I have. Are you with me?”

“It isn't my funeral. Herb," "replied Henry. soft- 
ly. “But I know what I would do if I w 
your _shoesvand a fellow tried to do me 01.1%‘
my 1: .” ' ’

“W hat would you do ?"

-“I'd get bhck at him in a way
him for keeps.” ‘ c

“How 1'" _ y
0 “Are you going my way‘!
and I'll tell you.”

that would 

or 

well, let's walk ,9 1%

u

 

...;'
4 ? ..

 

 

:3

 
       
 
   
 
   
    
    
    
     
         
      
     
     
    
      

   

V CHAPTER v1.'——'Don Is Up Against It Ham?‘

    

    
    
  
 

“You mué excuse me. Hr. »Bruce.‘1or forcing 

myself upon you. as leavers.’ said Marian White,
as she and Don walked away from the ‘ ‘
but I didn’t want l.-lea-bent Show to see at
home,_ao_—-}-g-" " g . .
“Don't mention it. Miss Marian.” replied
gallantly. ‘It gives me  satisfaction
aceorded“th.e pleasure of your society:
‘Dear me. you said that very, llieoly
Do you really mean it}: .= .
5  Mug P__

to.  

       

     

"'5'?

      
  
   

    
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
   

\

front gate and Don accepted the invitation. He
spent a very pleasant hour with her, and at five
o clock took his departure for home. That night
 Don retired about ten o'clock. His room over-
’ looked the kitchen one-story extension. and when
the weather permitted he slept with both windows
wide open. On the present evening. though the
 weather was fairly warm, the sky was overcast,
.‘and, fearing that it might rain before morning,
 Do left his windows only partly open. The
I ho .e had been dark and silent for three hours,
. . when four men". who had come down the street
from the direction of the trolley road. paused
before the cottage and looked up at the windows.

They held a brief consultation. then one of
them raised the latch of the gate and the entire
" party passed through into the garden. One of
them led the way to the rear of, the building
and pointed at the kitchen extension and the
partly open windows above it.

“That's easy,” said the voice of Strype, with a
' uckle. “I wonder if he’s a light sleeper ?”

O * “Light or heavy, we'll be in that room in a
brace of shakes,"'replied Burleyiw “Strype and
me’ll do the busiliess,” he added. “You two keen
V your weather optics on the lookout for any strag-
glers along the street.” '

Barley and his companion, Strype, easily clam-
_ bered to the roof of the kitchen without making
as ,any noise to speak about. They were well trained
in that method of working their way into a house
and were as active as two cats. Once on the
’ roof of the extension they were almost on a
lewel with the windows of Don’s room. Strype
knelt down on all fours; Burley stepped on his
back,’ and seizing the window sash raised it softly.
Then he climbed into the room. Strype followed
him‘: moment later. -

2 The room was dark, and, as the night was
’ - -, gloomy, Burley took a . flat dark-lantern
1 mm his pocket, which he had lighted before

ﬂashed a disk of light around the room. Don
-~ . hi quietly aslep in bed on the opposite side
‘ in! the room. -

ﬂ  “See if the door is locked." Vhispered Burley.
1"]! it isn't, and there is a key, turn it. one bolt,
shoot it.‘ “
Strype obeyed the directions. _
“Now grab him by thearins while I gag him,"
laid »Borley. ‘ _ , , . - ,
" --'l'he._touch of the"rascal’s hands startled‘ Don
—>,;i3to_wakefu1nasc, only forhim to ﬁndhlmself
’ "prisoner and helpless. Burley tied‘a handker-
around his mouth. then pieces of stout

- were produced from their pockets, and -his
_were forced behind his back and secured.
‘ankles were then bound together, and the
twaerooks surveyed their work with much satis-
 .« -  While Don could not got a Rood look
'  owingito the darkness. he had a
‘ that they were two at the crowd
irutgenezaled in the cc’.llar—.of the

v“'

  

. y .a A

  .;.. .*.*;~*'...**=*m .r:s..*°..;;°':.;=°..
’pay_.them"to canyon’, and tha as
  him from in-

 
 
     

V7.

   
  

 

BOUND TO RISE

-he left the yard below. and opening the slide.

 He was_\soon’uiide-_
xi . 5 ' "'7' Q V

“Now,” said Burley, “get outside on the roof
‘ and I'll hand him down to you."

Strype obeyed orders. Burley grasped Don in
his muscular arms and passed him out of the’
window to his associate. who in turn passed him
down to the other two men below. Burley then
tore a sheet off ‘the bed. gathered up all the
boy's garments and tied them in the sheet. ‘after
which he dropped the bundle on to the kitchen
roof. Then he got out of the window and, throw-
ing the bundle to the ground, followed it. He
then led the way to the barn behind the house
and, taking a small jimmy out of his pocket.
forced the door. _ '

“Fetchehim in here,” he said to his companions.

The entire party entered and closed the door.
after them. .

“Now, young man,” said Burley, handing Strype
the dark-lantem and drawing his revolver. “there
are your clothes. and we’re goin' to let you
loose so you can dress yourself. Don’t you dare .
touch that gag about your mouth, or you'll get’

a crack on your bean that you won’t ' e. Untie
him,’Strype. Grundy and Croker, get our guns
out. If he makes the slightest attempt to break .
away hit him over the head with the butts.‘

Don saw that he had no show at all, so he 5
calmly obeyed the mandate to dress  As
soon as he had put on his shoes, Burley took i -V
the longest piece of rope and tied it securely to
one of Don’s ankles. The other end. after leav-
ing suﬁicient play for the boy to walk, he wound
several times around his own wrist. .

“Now, young feller. I reckon you know who
We are. even if it's too dark to recognize our
faces.” said Burley. “You butted ' to our busi-
ness yesterday in the cellar of hat deserted.
house betwen this town and Bridgeton and you ,1;
served us a measly trick. It done. us out of a 
lot of dough and put ﬁve hundred dollars into“ 
your trousers. If it wasn't that you got a check -.
instead_ of the real ﬂimsies we might talk busi-
ness with you.’ We'd let you buy yourself out -
of what's a-comin’ to you. seem’ as there ain't » .
no way of you doin’ that now, things has to take 
their course. When a feller does us dirt. whether» 
he’s man or boy, we don't rest till we square ' '
up the account. We've found you guilty on the
ﬁrst count, and we’re goin’ to put it over you‘ .
in a way you're not likely to forget. I 
that's all I’ve got to tell you, so now we'll 10- .-
ceed to business.” 7 ’ Q;

The ruﬁian-led the way out of the barn; Don ‘
was compelled to step out alongside of him. had‘ »;
the others followed. It was about two o'clock h;.,
the morning. ‘and the street, which was on iﬂllf»;
outskirts of the town, was as silent and deserted ' ~
as a churchyard. Burley turned in the direction '
which would lead them still further away, from  i
the town limits. and the party ti-amped away in 
silence. .~ '

At length a dai-k,'serpentine stream came '
view, which the boy knew was the Savage R'nQ..
The railroad tracks lay just this side of it. .52
light burned ‘dimly in a track-walker-’s shanty. i
and there was a white .'bull's-eye shining from’

-a nearby switch. As soon as they came tort;
‘tracks. Barley turned abruntly toward the cut»-
ting that lay about a quarter of a_mi_1e away;
-They entered the cut. After proceeding « -V
»‘..through..Burley, called a halt..’ *’ j

 
     
  
    
   

  
  
  
 
  

 
    

{V ".1

   

‘This will do," he said. “This is the track used
babe’ Atlantic Express, which passes here at
a two-forty. Now, tie this cliap’s_ arms be-
hind his back, Strype."

. Dan,.alarmed at the suggestiveness of Bui-ley’s
_ words, made a sudden spring in an effort to
* escape. But it was futile; the r attached to
his ankle, the other end of whi was wound
around Burley’s came taut and triuoed
him up. Strype jumped upon him as he fell to
the ground and in a moment or two his arms
were tied. b V
— “Now,” said Burley, “tie him to the track so
‘ that his right leg will lay across the rail. The
. express will amputate it. We'll wait up yonder
A_ at the mouth of the cut until the train goes
 through, then we'll come back and tie up the
stump so he won't bleed to death."

Strype, assisted by Grundy, carried these di-

Jections into eﬂ'ect, and inside of live minutes Don
was bound to one of the ties, with his right leg
secured across one rail.
. ‘Now, young feller, the express will soon attend
 to your case,” said Burley, with an evil laugh.
 ‘This is what you get for buttin’ into our busi-
1. ness.’ -
 Then they left him and walked toward the
 Bayer end of the cut.

 
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
    
    
    
  
  
 
  
 
 

'4 ‘CHAPTER VII.—The Passing of the Express.
5 \ ,
~ With a groan V. Don lay back_ over the outside
sdges of the ties, his head hanging down,_ and the
cold perspiration of despair oozing out in drops
‘on his forehead. His plucky work of the preced-
afternoon was about to cost him dear. Brave

trying the very ﬁbers of his soul‘. '
’ At that moment far any down the track, be-
yond theocurve three miles to the west of Oakland,
came‘ the whistle of the express as it passed _a
 Don heard it,_ and he started up a bit
and then sank back with a groan_of despair.
’ There was no help, then, for _him—he was
doomed. hAtb?iat instai1i:1:u an ﬁlaegtrict illocéc went
through is y—so e 'ng cu is ngers,
bound under his back’: Even at that tense mo-
fact he was curious enough to know _what had
«ceased the sensation. He worked his ﬁngers
about and recognized that he was almost leaning
Ilpoiitherasoredgeofabi-oke_n bottb. _Asud-
eee   'm=:.:.:*: “z:
of a scare ' ' ra It 8 Q-11 ‘
that if he could free his hands he might
v himself yet, for,-though he could not hope to
,. « the knots which bound his leg to. the tie,
.- had a sharp knife in his pocket, and its blade
- soon liberate his limb. With fetyrerish
, , utterly d  ' the cuts his ~ gets
'-‘.l|0W01’k$ ' bod sothattherope
nheldhiswristsboreri tovertlieedteof
bottle. Then he worked the rope witha saw-
liotionoverthekeen oftheglass. At

 
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  

a speed of nearly, a _ile in two minutes,
'ght, and Don fel 1the vibratory thrill
. I I

x

      

‘ BOUND T0 RISE

as he was at heart, his present predicament wa .

___:ZE¢nt the readlight the express, ﬂyin8'

9

of the loeomotive’s drivers on the rail. It was a
singing sound that steadily grew into a low hum_
that broadened and swelled out until it ﬁlled his
ears with a noise like thunder.

' “Heaven help me!” he gasped.

Snap! The rope that had held his wrists
parted and his hands were free. With the music
of the rails ever rising like the cadence of some
powerful organ ringing in his ears, he thrust his‘
hand into his pocket and drew out his jack- ‘
knife.

Pulling the blade open, he began sawing at the
rope that held his leg down.

“Thank Heaven it’s sharp!” he breathed, work-
ing away with desperate energy.

But he had only a moment or two to save him-
self, for that iron monster, with its heavy load
of sleepers, was sweeping down upon him like a
rushing mountain avalanche. In ﬁfteen seconds
it would be upon him. He strained at his leg as
he sawed away with the knife. Suddenly the
rope unraveled its last strand, d he dragged
his leg from the track. Not a maognent too soon.
either, for as he rolled over he felt the roar and
the wind blast as of a ﬁerce tornado passing over
him. The noise was terriﬁc in 's ears, and for
a moment‘ it seemed as if he ould be sucked
under the wheels of the passing train and ground
to death. Then it passed, and he lay breathless‘
and trembling under the leaden sky that hung
low over the gloomy landscape. Suddenly he
remembered that the ruﬂians who had placed him
in his desperate position were coming back. The
bare possibility of these men recapturing him,
after what he had gone through, started the boy
into instant action. He sprang to his feet and
ran toward the other end of the cut. As soon
as he got out of the cut, be mounted the hillside
and made his way as fast as he could to the road
up which he had been brought half an hour be-
fore. As soon as he reached it he turned his face
toward Oakland. Within a arter of a mile or
so of his own home he sat own to rest on the
threshold of a deserted story—and-a-half building
‘which had formerly done duty as a blacksmith
shop. Before he was quite aware of the fact he
dosed of to sleep. After a time he woke up with
a start.

“My gracious!" he exclaimed. “I believe I’ve
been asleep. This won't do,” and he jumped to -
his feet.

. How long he had been dozing he could not tell,
but he was conscious that he felt much better.
His weakness and nervousness had passed off
géiélheseemedmbeasstmngashehadever

n. , .

“I must get along," he said, “or those rascals

will get clean otf." _

, Ashe was on the point of startin on again .g

he heard the sound of voices in thg direction '

whence he came. Glancing cautiously back along
the street, he saw the shadowy forms of his four
enemies coming along at a rapid pace. There
was no way for him to avoid them except by en-
tering theﬂshanty and waiting for them to get by.

He did so at once, and took s elter behind a large -

empty barrel at the back of the‘ place. To his

dismay the rascals paused in front of the building

and then entered it.» "e

   

 r, ' »‘

 

S -'10‘

vb

CHAPTER VIII.—Don Plans to ‘Capture the
' Four Crooks. '

“Dig up the tools, Strype," said the voice of
Burley; “and be quick about it, for we haven't no
time to spare. Since that young cub managed to
free himself—though how he did it beats me-
ani got off clear, this town ain't a safe place for
us no longer. We’ll risk that job we planned the
other day, the cracking of Banker White’s house,
I ‘mean, and give the papers something else to
print about us, and the people hereabouts some-
thing more to remember us by.”

» “One of these days I hope we’ll come back,

when he ain’t expected, and pickle that slippery

young monkey for good,” growled Grundy, with a
smothered imprecation. “I’d give somethin’ to
. know how‘ he got clear of thagrail.”

“Oh, dash him! We’ve somethin’ more impor-
tant to think about now,” replied Burley, in an
ill-humored tone.

“That’s right,” coincided” the man named
Croker, a chap who had served several terms in

,- different States’ prisons for various offenses.

While they were talking Strype was unearthing
a kit of burglar implements he.had buried in the
shanty a few days before. He lost no time over
it, and in’ a few minutes dragged the bag contain-
ing the tools to the surface. ,

“All right;’' .he said. taking tlie hag under his
arm. “Let’s be off. Where’s this crib we're goin’
' V to crack?” , ' _

" “It's on, the outskirts, not very far from here,”
replied Barley. “If we work lively we ought to
V clean the place out inside of an hour.”

“Any dogs or bur lar alarms?” asked Grundy.

“Both,” said Bur ey. “But I've got a‘ club
that’ll settle the canine. As to the alarms, there
is none atta ed to_the cellar gratin’s, I guess.
our tools wi force one of them in a jiﬁ’y»and we
shall be inside in no time at all. Come on."

_ ‘ The four rascals then started for the residence
' ‘of thepresident of the Oakland Bank. _
I “‘My,goodness!” cried Don. "‘So they're going
t’o‘V-break into Marian’: home. I must try and
revent them from carrying out their project. If
 could only reach the police in time to head them
of. '1 must get somebody to help me in this
, matter. I'll have to wake Sam up and send him
'_ tqthe station." V _
As soon as the ruﬂians were out of sight Don
.,  urried on down, the street. Passing his own
 home,’ he directed ”-his‘steps toward Sam's. He
_  just where his chum slept,.and aroused

 of six minutes he appeared at the front
rand found Don waiting for him there: . ‘
, '5 your hat?” Don asked. “Get it."
ﬂ" , what does this all mean?” asked Sam. ‘
$1 Slfnt, up and get _/your hat,” replied Don, start-

 forthé sate. ' . ~‘ '
*3an'too‘k dawn his=hat, f
gel-,=elosia'¢ the hall door? beh

 to the sidewalk.

by.

   
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
      
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  

‘K-

   

  

the rack, and,
mi him, followed

 
 
  

. . What’-s  trouble?.”Vaaked_ Bam,‘n_s -Dﬁrwimseized
'  and  to drag-him g the-
" lisbnrd. 3' .  J

 »  “What «do-you mean!

   

  

BOUND TO RISE

' Somebody broke into your—but this isn't the way

_1,wsti1¥ st thissﬁrui wswtlx °.?!e

,f‘. V . w’

 

to your ouse." .

“Who said it was? A gang of crooks, the same
four that held up the trolley car Saturday after-
noon, 'are at the residence of Mr. White by this
‘time, prepared to break in and clean out the

house.” ,
“Gracious! VHnw do you know that?” ' .f
“Never mind how. I’ll t 1 you that later. I

want you to run as fast as on can to the police

station and tell them to send half a dozen oﬁicera
there as soon as possible.”

“What are you going to do?”

“I am going over to Mr. White’s house to keep
watch on’ the rascals and try and prevent them
from getting away before the policemen come.”

“All right," replied Sam. “I'll go to the sta-
tion." ‘

He set off at once at a swinging trot, while Don
cut across to the street, half a block down which
stood the White mansion in the midst of spacious _
and well-kept grounds. Don approached, the res- -’_

.'. .;  .'..u..‘....‘.v..:

-idence of Mr. White with some caution, as he ..-‘

entertained a wholesome respect for the four
desperate crooks who had designs on the banker‘:
property, and he did not wish to have another
personal encounter with them. ‘He judged that ,
one of the rascals would remain outside the build- ,
ing -on the watch, while the other three attended : '-z
to the business in hand. The cloudiness of the‘ 4 _.?
night or early morning covered his movements ﬁn ‘
a great extent, just as it helpedthe ruﬂians them- 5+
selves. He decided that the best way to approach "
the place was from the back, and to do this he .13,
cut across the grounds of Mr. White’s next-door.‘ .i ‘
neighbor and thus gained an entrance to the "
White property back of the carriage-house, when
the coachman ‘and the gardener slept. _ V , 
He saw no way of awakening these men with- . ..
out attracting attention to the fact—that is, it : §‘
one of the crooks'was on the watch——and he did‘ Ir.‘
not’ think it best to‘~run the risk. As he drew ""‘
closer to the house he looked warily about for the j
watcher, but could see no one. He crossed the 
smooth ‘and velvety lawn on his hands and knees . 
until he got close up to the ‘building. and still 
there was no sign that the rascals were on at
about the premises. j
He had heard the chief cmokoi the bunclvsayl
that they would enter the house by one ofthe ‘ 
cellar gratings, so Don hunted around to see if g «
one of the gratings had been forced. The grat-if y,
ings under the kitchen were the easiest and  ,_ ~
likely ones.to be attacked, and thither the 
made his'way. He found one of the gr,-atingc“"V~*
torn from its fastenings, which was a sure sign
that the villains were in the house- - J 
“Now what shall I do?" he asked himself.’ “It; * .
looks as if the whole of them are inside. I think .1
I may venture to arouse the coachman and tilt V 
gardener and give them an idea of the situation. '
It is likely that they have a- revolve; each; ;. '-I
guess that's the bestthing to do.'! ]. 4 ‘  '
He crawled around to the back of 
then rose onphis less and dashed for the earring»
hits: V e;e _wastha'§-pull alongside the door‘
w ic open ,on e‘  communicating. V"-
tbe door. ou,which'they!nen, slept» Don ' »*= .
of thtwinduu ,,

  

'\ L‘


-.

   
        
     
  
  
  

 
  
   
   
   
    

  
      
    
   

  
     
 

     
  

     
 
  
  

     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
 
  
   
    
   
    
   
 

BOUND
7 above was thrown up and the coachman's voice
' asked who was there.
~ "I am Don Bruce. 'Dress yourself and come
_, own quick. Arouse the gardener, too. There
are four burglars going through the house. I
have sent for the police, but it will be some little
«time before they can reach this place."
. 2 _ The crychman was clearly startled.’ He started
to ask some questions, but the boy cut him short
with a request to hurry. ‘Don waited with great
impatience for them to make their appearance.
y the coachman unlocked the door and
stepped out. >
“Got a gun?” asked-Don.
“I’ve brought my revolver.”
“Has the gardener got one, too?”
"Yes. He’ll fetch it when he comes downf.’
While they were talking the gardener joined

:, “The rascals have entered through one of the
cellar windows near the kitchen, the grating of
which they have wi-enched off. _Have. you any;
 thatrd will 8IlSW§l‘hfO1i1Bd(!ll.lb inra small w1;1y?rt
'‘ ega ener'sai e a apoiceinan'sso
club in ‘his room, and he got it for him. The
' edthegestz-irted f}oi- thteh house? Wﬁerii géey
. t ace w ere e gra ing a en
, forced, Don gointqd it out toihis companions.
‘ ‘"l'hat’s the way they entered,” he said. “Now,
~ the most prudent way to deal with these fellows,
Who are armed and a mighty bad lot, is ‘to lie in
-wait for them to come out with their plunder,
ﬂvheh we'll be able to take them by surprise and
at something of a disadvantage. The longer they
are about the job the more chance we shall have
~’ 1.7! being réail'1nforced gayththe otliicers." d th t
cos man an e gar ener 88166 8
”D.o5n’s proposition was the most sensible one un-
circum oes, as neither of them was
anxious to run the chance of being shot by one
I of the crooks. ;
“Then you'd better go around front, where you
can I: , an eye on the hall door," said Don to
_ man, “while you,” to the gardener, “keep
[watch on the‘ side entry door. I'll stand guard
}@¢ over the kitchen door, on the chance that
 might make their,exit at the back of the

A minute later each of them was at is post,
.,  lookout for the appearance of th crooks.

O

". . . . Q
,iTen.minutes passed ‘away Whlth‘ seemed like
" 3;; hour to Don, and tliere was not a sign
indicate the movements of the four burglars
the inside. Inaction made the _boy nervous and

tiait. Finally he determined, ‘somewhat
- -~ 'his~better jud t, to enter the house

'=-» h the open ‘cellar wgidows and_see Just
. the crooks were doing. ,l_Ie wﬁt in.

In one corner stood the stairs leading to the
~ - above, and Don cautiously. ascended the
_ When he reached the ﬂoor above he paused
He could not hear a sound. He turned
- of the door that faced lim and found
ch proved to bejthe
match. i

  
   
  
 
 

,.,'

 
 

-in the house. mused Don to action.

fThe\bullet struck and"  the hand:
, \ ‘w ‘ . ‘_ ‘

TO RISE 11

Then he took oﬂ’ his shoes and started upstairs
for the parlor ﬂoor. Entering the back parlor
cautiously, he found the gas turned low there,
too. A bundle of plunder, which had been ob-
tained from the front parlor, lay on the ﬂoor
near the dividing portieres. Don collared this and
shovedxit behind a Japanese screen which stood
in one ‘corner. ~

At that moment, with startling suddenness, the
report of a revolver rang through the house.

“My gracious!" cried Don. “Who ﬁred that
shot? Mr. White or one of the burglars?”

Done heard a woman, whom he thought to be
the banker’s wife, utter a scream. The shot had
doubtless awakened every one in the house.
Marian’s room was on the third ﬂoor. while three
female servants, one of, whom was the cook, slept
on the attic ﬂoor. ’

The possibility that murder might be done by
those rascals, now that they were known to be
Without
stopping to consider the peril that faced him iip-
stairs, he sprang for the stairway and dashed up
two steps at a time. As he struck the landing
"above be came into collision with a man in the
dark, and both went down together on the thick
carpet, Don on top.

“Blast you! Can’t you see where you’re goin’?”
cried the voice of Grundy, who evidently mistook
the boy for one of his companions. “Let me up,
will you?" .:

Quick as thought Don struck him a blow over
the head with the hilly. The crack was a hard
one and the rufﬁan rolled over unconscious. Don's
hand came into contact with his hip-pocket and
felt the butt of his revolver. «He took possession
of theweapon in a moment. Before he could rise
from his knees a second crook, Croker, came dash-
ing for the stairs with a bundle in each. hand.

Between his hurry and the darkness he did
not notice that an obstruction lay in his path.

, He tripped over Grundy’s body and, being unable

to save himself, pitched headlong down the stairs.
He and the bundles arrived in a confused heap at
the bottom.

His career on earth was over for good and
all, for he had broken his neck. Don, however,

' paid no attention to his downward ﬂight, but

rushed for the room where he heard a struggle"
going on. Whether the woman who had uttered
the scream had fainted or. not, certain it is no
second sound came from her. The door opening
05' the “Pper hall was open and the gas was
lighted at full blast. .

The burner was provided with a patent appa-
ratus, by which the gas when apparently out was
not actually so, but was turned down to a spark,-
which could be instantly rekindled into a full
blaze by‘ pulling a small brasschain. When Don
appeared at the doorway a dramatic scene met
his view.- Mr. White, in his nightclothes, lay T
boimd and gagged o the ﬂoor, with .Bui-lev bend-, - ~
ing over him as if

Mrs. White lay in bed, staring in terror at I ,
pointed revolver in the hand of St  "
boy’s sudden ap rance was for the moment in!‘-
noticed, and the‘ rst intimation the two--rascals‘
had ofﬁanger was when Don‘ raised the  
he had taken from Grundy and ﬁred at-. .

, EA

 

 

.

 
        
 

had just ﬁnished the j  

   
      
 
    
    
 

    
    
  
   
  
   
   
     
   
     
 
   
 
   
  
  

.. held the revolver, as the boy intended, and as the
" ruflian uttered a howl of pain the pistol fell to
v the ﬂoor. , e . -
’ Burley turned like a ﬂash, snatched up his own
" revolver, which lay on the carpet, and would have
shot Don, but the youth was too quick for him.
I Don’: second shot shattered his right arm, and
». both rascals were at the boy's mercy. But they
. -were not so easilysubdued. Strype reached down
, to pick his weapon up with his left hand.
‘ “If. you touch _that gun l’ll shoot," cried Don,
covering the rascal. , _
Strype straightened up with an imprecation.
“The game is up with you guys," continued the
boy. “Back up against the wall yonder, both of
you, or I won't answer for the consequences. I
Am not going to take any chances with either of
gyou. If you make the least attempt to resist
 ’shall feel bouridin self-preservation to kill you.”
, The rumans, recognizing that Don was master
, of the situation, sullenly did as he told them to.
‘ Dim then advanced into the main and, whipping
, out his jack-knife, cut the ‘banker free, while he
1 kept a wary-‘eye on the wounded rascals.
White himself tore the gas from his mouth and
, stood ‘up. ’ . .
i" “Don Bruce!” the ‘banker exclaimed, aston-
ﬁshed to see the boy in his house at that hour in
‘the morning, and under such, stirring _circum-
 “To what‘ lucky chance are we indebted
-for your fortunate appearance in this eme_rgenc.V Y"
, _:'This is hardly a time for explanations,‘ Mr.
N .:w_hige," replied the boy, politely. “Let us secure
' these rascals first. Take this revolver and hold
them in subjection while I tie them up with some-‘
six " your weapdn. Don," replied the banker.
: line s here on the ﬂoor. I shotat one of those
‘”sooundrels when I-turned up the light and saw
in in ‘the room, but missed him. Then both of

   
  

dhalf;stunned I was gagged and tied
-  f \
  giecked up his_revolver and covered.
theltwo crooks, while Don bound their hands he-
-? hind their backs withctowels. ._ ,. , «
u-“,9;-¢'s. another chap in the hall outside, whom
' at,  gt-ho fourth, I think, is _uncon-
..t4 the foot of the stairs, or possibly in

 I lay

  
 
   

 from their beds-andileft on guard
 trout and side _doors.".
" Betweenytliein they dressed 3!:5,!‘!ev.and Stiwpe
Gginnhgp-the hall, and the banker lighted the gas.-
* ‘ 4y wasjuat coming to his senses, and Don
ihimred him,as he hadthe others. Croker lay
 still-,~» huddled up at the foot of the
  the two bundlesaround him.
"iii:

   

over
I

1 ~ ‘

   
   
   
 
 
  

   
 

'4 ‘and slot the footman and

D011. L 9. ' -' , 5."
"?answgred“Hr., White, who remained
W

1'; 2  -

ii an '-shooting: -

' 0

tha,,‘_thre‘e,;-,pi:%aers in the uppﬁh,
7 R‘ side in {state of

BOUND To * RISE

Mr. _

them sprang,npon me and knocked me down.~

Vhﬁndg of your gardener or footman, whom I -

~the"lirol§en? 1103,19-

appearance of the burglars, at whom they in-
tended to shoot. Before Don could say anything, '
Sam Jenkins and several policemen entered the
gate and marched toward the house. '
“You've come in time to be in at the death,” b
said Don to the ﬁrst officer. “We’ve caught the
four burglars, and all you’ll have to do is to carry
them to the station.” . '
“Where are they?” asked the policeman. ,
“One is unconscious at the foot of the front-
staircase,” said the boy leading the way, “while
Mr. White is standing’ guard over the others up-
stairs.” ;
“This man is dead,” said the officer, when he -’
pulled Croker out on the ﬂoor.
“Dead!” exclaimed Don, in surprise. _
“As a coﬁ"in~nail. What happened to him? Did
you shoot him?" .1
ﬂ_ “go,” replied the boy. “He fell down the whole
ig ..” _
. “Then he has broken his neck, I should judge. 3
There’s some of the plunder, I see. Take it out ,-,3
of the way.” i _ Z;
Don picked up the twobundles and started up} W",
‘the stairs, followed by the oﬁicers, the coachman,
the gardener and Sam, who wanted to see what- » 7*‘
ever was going on. ‘Mr. White now addressed, 
the policemen. . ."
“Here’s your prisoners.” he d. “We"'~ had:
a narrow escape. Only for that lad, Don Bruce,
they would probably have got away with a good»,
bit of my property. The rascals had me 
and gagged when Bruce most providentially up. V 1
geared. He pluckily put ‘those two «fellows out-of 
usiness. No man could have done better under ., "4
the circumstances thanhe. He is entitled to tho”.-" ii
whole credit of the capture of these three vil-v pi
lains.” - y y ' " §_*‘
The oflicers wasted no time in taking charge of, ‘D
the three crooks and marching them oil’ to the "
station. As for the body of Croker. it had tor.”
remain where it was until the coroner had 
viewed it, according to law, and given a permit
for its removal. ‘ '

. ;.
. ~ , A .. . ~ _ ‘ '-Z ‘! i
« .«.i.:L\‘ r-.;..=-,.'.,. ...;...¢.;.'...i'.‘:.siun..~...~«_.....e'.;.u.§:i.a.ai..‘£a

 

 

   
      
     
 

   
 

»

CHAPTER X.—InrWhich Don Is A
"  Whole Thing.

Don and Sam were invited into the front sit-.
ting-room Ci the second ﬂoor, and the b
asked the hero of the occasion to tell his.
This he"did, ‘beginning from the time he he _ ,
o\_rerpowered~.'by Burleyand Strype in his own -
room and afterward marche over to theft;  '
of the K. &,.P. Railroad. His auditors cw
horriﬁed when Dpn’ told «how -he had been bound
to the track in the cut by the rascals, who 
taken such ‘a heartless uiethod of Qunishing him‘ V‘
for interfering with ‘r plans to ,secur-etlﬁ
silver, buried in-the oﬂ esertegl house. a "
“Howdid Q12 nianagepto escape?’ asked’
canker, his face reflecting theindignation he
to rd the reinorseless ‘ 

p1aniocl'liow‘;,h’e owed  

       
 
 
   

bout 

   
 
 
 
    

     
  
     
      
    
  

 
  
  
 

         
   
 
  

  
 
 

 

V‘ on ..ex ; 

.r

«it ., V nigh;

  

BOUND TO RISE A 1.3 .

' Then Don went on to say how, on his way back,
when he was--obliged to take refuge in the de-
serted blacksmith shop, he had overheard the ras-
cals talk of their plan to rob Mr. White’s house,
and how he determined to foil them, if possible.

“I woke Sam Jenkins up and sent him for the

4 oﬂicers, while I came on to this place alone."
' Don then described all that followed u to the
moment he appeared in the door of the room

! and disabled the two arc'h scoundrels by a couple
of well-directed shots. The banker then had ‘some-
thing to say. He assured Don that he would
never forget the obligation that the boy had

_ placed him under, and trusted than Don would

3 ‘ permit him to offer him some substantial evidence

‘.--  of his gratitude and that of Mrs. White.

7_ - Don, however, declared that he was more than
satisﬁed at having been successful in doing up
the crooks, and he hoped that Mr. White would
not think of oﬂering him any reward for doing

— what he thought was only his plain duty. It was

I six'o'clock before the "interview terminated, and

, then Don and his friend took their departure

~.., for their homes. .

“You’ve done a.big thing for yourself, Don,”

~1-fsairi Sam, when they were walking along the

‘. street. “You’ve made a good friend of Mr. White,

. and he's one of the most important and inﬂuential

- persons in town.” ’

 “I suppose so,” replied Don. “I've no objection
“ to making good friends, though I enjoyed the

- gentleman's acquaintance before." »

‘ “But he'll do more for you now than he would
. have done if this thing hadn't happened.” ‘

“That may be true; but, just the same, I'm not

2 going to ask him to do anything for me."

 , “Why, wouldn't you like to get a place in his

' . bank when ’re through at High School? You
 couldn’t ﬁn a better job  town."

2 “I wouldn’t refuse a position in the Oakland
- ‘Bank if it was offered to me, but I hardly think

— I will ask for it.”. ’ _

“Oh. he'll offer it to you, all right.”

. “Well, I've got a year of schooling before me

. yet, Sam. Maybe by that time my rock-crusher

"will be an established fact, and I may also have

- other iron: in the fire to take my attention; so,
Iyou see, it isn’t at all certain that I may care

_-to take a job in the bank." _

“If you don’t take it, I hope you'll put in a
good word for me,” said Sam, eagerly.

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
    
    
  
   
  
 
   
 
    
  
  
     

K -CHAPTER XI.-—A Mean Piece of Business.
'4 «:3» A policeman called at the Bruce cottage about
‘ ‘ten o'clock that morning to take Don to the Police
1." Court, where Burley, Strype and Grundy were
‘-.to be examined before the magistrate. Don was
out in his workshop at the barn with Sam Jen-
kins, and both boys accompanied the oﬁicer. Mr.
‘  was in court. as were also the coachman
 the gardener. Don, of course, was the star
‘witness, and his story of itself was strong enough
use the prisoners twbe remanded for trial
‘at the next term of the Criminal Court.
f“.lhe other witnesses only served to make the
. of co stroiﬁr against the rascals.
to attend coroner's inquest that

  

I

afternoon and state what he knew of the way in
which Crokér came to his death. Of course our
hero was interviewed by the representative of the
Oakland Daily Times, and the story that appeared _
in that afternoon's edition proved to be quite a
sensation one..

All Oakland read it, and the town was agog
over the attempted burglary of the residence of
Banker White, as well as the diabolical attempt
of the crooks to cripple the boy who incurred
their wrath on the Satyrday previous. On the
following Saturday the annual picnic of the Oak-
land Methodist Church was held at Greenwood
Cove, a mile outside" of the town. By noon there
were probably two hundred people at the grounds,
the majority, as a matter of course, being under
twenty years of age.

Don Bruce was there, and so was Sam Jenkins.
Neither would have missed the fun fora farm.
Don was especially interested in the picnic be-
cause he knew Marian \Vhite would be there.
Herbert Shaw and Henry Chase went to the
grove together, and they stuck together after’
they got there. The day was a perfect one for
a picnic‘ and everybody looked forward to having
a good time. V

he grove in question was fitted up particularly
for such outings. Tents, booths, pavilions, swings,
merry-go-rounds and similar contrivances were
erected there, as well as numerous tables, sup-
plied with benches, for theaccommodation of all
who brought their own provisions. Don was
something of a lion, owing to the prominence he
had so lately acquired in the newspapers, and
everybody who knew him personally, and many
who did not, had something nice to say to him.
- There was not a girl at the picnic who was on
speaking terms with him but felt proud to be
seen talking to him, and those who were not ac-
quainted with him were crazy for an introduction.
Under these circumstances Don was soon having

~ the time of his life.

“It makes me sick to see the way the folks here
are taking their hats of to that Don Bruce,"
remarked’ Herbert Shaw, disconteutedly, to, his
friend, Henry Chase. “One would think he was
a little tin god on wheels.” ‘ - ,.

Henry chuckled.

"He’s put it all over-you with Marian White
since he saved her father’s house from being
robbed. Yo aren’t in it with him even a little
bit now. y, she rdly noticed you when you
spoke to her a little w ile ago. Bruce is It, while
you and me are not in the running.”

“I'd give something to get square with him "
growled Herbert, angrily. ’

“_Why don’t you? I gave you a pointer on the v
subject last Sunday.”

“I can't do anything alone," grumbled Herbert.
“I want you to stand by me."

“You can’t do anything alone? Nonsense! .
You've got the chance cut and dried at hand.”

“How?” '

,“The whole Bruce family is at the picnic.
Have_n’t you eyes. Nothing easier, then, for you _
to slip away. ride back to town on the trolley, — 
and goover to the Bruce place. Break open the 
barn and smash every one of those models that —‘
Don Bruce has been putting together» this last -,
year or so. Among than you'll find that  ff

 
 
   

‘~ ~*« » Joy,‘

   

 

   

crusher that he's. going to have patented, and

.. was a sure winner. If you only broke that one
store by it. He keeps all his plans-in the bench
drawer. Tear the w ole bunch of them to pieces,
and you'll have a splendid revenge."

“By Jove! I’d like to do it. You'll come with
me, won’t you?"

“Me? No. Why should I go? It’s your af-
fair, isn't»it? If I was as sore on him as you
are_I wouldn't waste much time in doing what
I’ve suggested to you.” ,

’ . “But I think you might go along for company,”

:. persisted Herbert.

’ “Where's your sand?” taunted Henry, whose
object was to induce his companion to do the
dirty work,while he participated in the beneﬁt,
without running any of the risk of discovery.
“You're a pretty fellow to talk about getting back
at a chap, and when the way is pointed out to
you you weaken. You won’t have such another
chance in, a long time to injure him in a tender

,spot. However, it‘: ‘your funeral, not mine,”

‘added Henry, vﬁth apparent carelessness. . _

. “Do you think I could do it without suspicion
falling on me?” asked Herbert, nervously.
“Why, of course you could. You’re not going

' to leave your card on his work-bench saying that
you ed in while heywas away. You haven't

~ threatened him, or had a scrap with him, so how
is he going to suspect you? It’s a regular cinch
for you.’ _, y _ _ _ .

“Somebody might see me going into his yard.”

“Not if you keep your eyes open, they won’t."
. ‘At any rate, I can swear I’ve been here in
.the grove all day." -

“Sure you can." /

“And you'll back me up in that?”

“Of course I will. You don’t suppose I want
to see you get into trouble?” 0

“Then I'll do it,” said Herbert.

I-I'enry’s eyes snapped with satisfaction.

_. “Now you're talking," he said encouragingly.
"I was afraid youswere going to show the white
feather. But I see you've got backbone, after all.”

“Of course I’ve got backbone. Pin no coward,”
replied Herbert, indignantly.

 , “You’d better start, then, sothat you can get
‘back and show yourself around before any one

twill notice your absence," su sted Henry. “If

' anybody asks where you are ‘ll say you're out
rowing on the lake somewhere".

“All right,‘ replied Herbert. ‘

“Don't go out by the front way, but sneak
around by the shore of~.tl_ie lake and catch the
trolley at Barnuin’s Crossing.”

.“Well, come part of the way with 

“Sure,” answered Henry, with alacrity.

' The two well-dressed boys, belonging to the
ugper stratum of Oakland's social element, walked

*0 Km the direction. of the lake, whose glittering
waters could be seen in the near distance. No

‘ out to look at either. would have supposed that

ﬂiey were intcroted in the execution of- as mean

 eontemptihic a trick as".any~person could play

"’°°"“;::”“.....”°?.2“‘;§.’é°““.i.”“* this is W
n _ \ act at appearances are

- dig pitfalls  others 

 

  

 
 

 
 

BOUND TO «RISE

which Howard Folsom, who has seen it, told me .
model up you’d break his heart, for he sets great _

‘ be done and Herbert will escape scot free. and;

any more such zsill

   
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
  

tumble _into their own traps. As Henry and Eer- ,- A
bert left the spot where they had been conversing. '
in fancied seclusion a head was thrust through
a clump of bushes close at hand and a pair of
sharp eyes looked after them.

“Gee whiz!" exclaimed the voice of Sam Jen-
kins. “Who’d have thought that of them? Of
all the measly tricks I’ve ever heard I think
that is the worst. It is a lucky thing overheard ~
their plans. So Herbert ngeans to destroy all of 
Don’s inventive models, eh. Well, I guess not... , 1»
not "if this chicken knows -it. I must try and ﬁnd 4
Don right away and let him know what's in the
wind. Then he and I can go back to town and
take the wind out of Herbert Shaw's sails in 8’
way he won’t like. The blamed fool is laying
himself open to arrest by breaking into‘, Mrs.
Bruce's barn. But, then, he thinks no one will
be the wiser. Expects'the blame will be laid on .
tramps, I suppose. All right. If we don't give V
Herbert Shaw the surprise of his life I'll be ‘
surprised.”

         
 

   
 
 

   
    

 
 
   

CHAPTER XII.--The Proudest Moment of Hit’ it
Life.

      
    

Sam started oif in a hurry to find Don Bruce. ' I
It was not an easy matter to locate a particular
person in the crowd that was scattered throught ,
the grove. Jenkins buttonholed every one he not i
with whom he was acquainted and asked if hofg‘
or she had seen -Don, lately. Some of them 
and some had not. Sam folowed the diiferaat ’*-.
directions he got, but in no case did they lead up '
to the object of his search. ’ — .~ 3

“Gee! This is tough,” muttered Sam. “I can’c- _
spend all day looking for him. The damage will 

      
     

   
    
   
 

            
 

   
    

   
        
    

he and that sneak, Henry Chase. will Mive the 7
laugh all to themselves. I’ve wasted ﬁfteen min-I «‘
utes trying to find him. Herbert is probably on
a car bound for town by this time. I can't lose 
any more time. I'll take the matter into my own.‘
hands and polish that young scalnwag off myself.
Gee! I won't do a thing to him if he's done any
da!S1):.g‘§a before I get theg to head him oﬂ'." ‘
inranoutof grovbthtz-ont~
entrance, hailed a trolley c§.r~thatewa);. 'uset pass‘-
ivnlzii, bound Dfor ﬁatklﬁang, andh friend ind
erewas ona simew e ' ' r
been vainly hunting for him? He wand Marian
were having a quiet little stroll in the grove-an
tlily thgir twggaseilyes. Wﬂhﬁn liam the eu-
ey ere ningon s reo e 
-“Isn't it a lovely day for a picnic?” excleaiiuod’
Marian, who was dressed in a fetching. ’
drcliss, with Isa  sash around her waist, 
‘°«§3.e°3»".. ula °z$‘o.‘.‘“ ’i.3.f§§?sZ';i‘§‘” ‘It’ 'i...<
mo‘s1t:as’l<li)v yBas youizself." 1 I I
. ow on ruce, no persona ities, please,’
answered, with a deep blush. ' .. *
“I beg your pardon, but it slipped out.” In
her escort. “I never saw ‘you look prettiegm
hope ou’ll excuse I!‘ saying so.”  ,
“I excuse you if you  not to

     
 

   
 
       
  

     
    
 
 

  
  

E

   
 
  

  
  
        
    
  
  

  
  
  

    

   
         
    

   
    

     

    
 

‘That wasn't a si ly remark. It was they
protestediion; ‘ - < ~ ' ‘ . '

    
   

 
 

   
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
     

   

’BoiiND To RISE L T 15

‘ “Now, Don,” she expostulated, holding up one As soon as the music ceased, Mr. Wagner, the ,
ﬁnggr in a reproving way. superintendent of the Sunday-school, mounted the .
,“Oh, come now, Marian, allow me to have the platform and made a dignified bow to the people ‘*
privilege of thinking that you are the prettiest as present. He began by saying that he was proud‘
v well as the nicest girl in the grove to-day.” to see such ‘a large gathering present at the
. “It is.very>nice of you to think so,” she said, annuahouting... He then congratulated the people
 Iookingdown at~tl-ie water, “but you mustn't say on having such a splendid day for the picnic.
ailhyou think-" i , _ After making a few more remarks suitable to
it I'1U)9t .°V¢1'Yb°dY “'h° has 59°“ Y°“ thmks the the occasion, he said that he would now introduce
lﬁmﬁ 1 “WW that "W Sister d,°e_5v f°1‘ She 531d ’ Mr. White; the well-known banker, who, he under-
to the moment §he S3-W Y0|_l Come In at the_ Rate-" stood, had .so ething to say to the assemblage.
. l “Your sister Is 8 very nice girl. and I like her Mr. White rose, mounted the steps to the plat- .
'» ‘ much, indeed,” said the banker's daughter, fol-m_ and was chee,-ed_ This wash“, be expected,
8 3° change the 5“b3'°°t-’ as he was one of the most popular men in Oak-
'01\. She's an Tight» 1 like Edith 1191‘ t°"" land. He also began by remarking that he was
 is» I like ha!‘ next t0 m°theT- I SVPPOSG Y0“ glad to see so many happy faces around him. ‘
wish you had a brother?" ‘ ‘ ‘ _ ‘ Then he"started right in to speak about the sub-
; it WOIIIIICKI be nice tloohavfa ﬁnbrother. That iect he had in mind_ .
_,  e was i e-i—some ys ‘ow. - ‘ ‘ - -
* '"“s°“"° .b° 5?} "’p°-‘t‘te‘3..D°"‘ ‘uwhat lb?” ate welileaza tihie tr}ili€emp§e9i?sleo: fthE:)ad‘liizii"cih,u:io§i(lilil:<:sas1’a:
ar‘ avori es. _ - - - - - -
*You- mustn't ask me such embamssinz Wes §:’°fi‘.2‘°i‘3n§’£§e§1°’£‘§’ v3§ix“2§“ff1‘ué'i‘d§§‘€ ‘§o'3§d?§ 32 '

. , . . V . .b;
“hm”; ;i‘:h:’°,Pl;§i “ﬂb  mind what I Say country. Here there was a general craning of ,

necks to look at Don Bruce, who was much con- . 
' ‘:'?t t’ ﬁgwogotagiothe lake?” fused by being _thus publicly eulogized in such a 4‘ »
',, ” 3,, » ' ‘ < _ way by the banker of Oakland. ‘ “ '

« es. * ” . .
.3 fr id 0 tha » she rejied Smiiin 1 _ Mr. White \then reviewed the events in which
if; xﬁgnﬁergng i; wevh’ have ti£ie_ You ksoz, Don had ﬁgured with such credit to himself, and
 pmmised H; be back to hmch at two, and ifs he spoke in a dramatic way about the terrible V
 ‘r one now,” looking at her little gold watch. °xP°“e“°° the ‘'°P"‘3 13‘! had ““d°"3'°“° "1 the  

hen yippoﬁ we postpone it until after railroad cut the night he had been bound to 
3» ~ ~‘ —- . - track by  four crooks. who meant by maiming
;‘Very well.”  ' him for_life.to_wi-eak vengeance on him for his
" and Jaikéd siowly back into the agency in depriving them of the plunder which

 the small pavilion that Banker had been buried in the cellar ‘of the deserted farm- "l

‘h d -. 1 f ’-th tei.tain_ l'l0‘l‘1Se near'tlie trolley road.
V ‘ ,m.f‘hi;?§:,§?,‘§,_°f§’§°f,§,§ 03%,: ﬁﬁrﬁcuia, , After“ such a narrow escape,” went on the
‘ﬂuids which included Don. They found a most banker, few boys would have_had. the nerve to

‘- ,, - * spread awaiting them at the pavilion place themselves once more within the reach of —
. of th party being pre§em._’,Mr_ white ave, such a gang of rascals, even to save the property
». signal to xather'a,.oimd- the game and fa] to_» of onewith whom he was acquainted. Yet that ~
Aﬁthree o’clock lunch was over, and Mr. White {S texgftlyi  1:02. Bniice did. , I_ will  _£0' i
r M mg‘ =3," idzggm mfg; °"°’e °f 8,3” i.‘I..§’.. 31...: b‘.?..,.? ..;,u.% ",“f§‘37,?o°$ 2.‘i‘1’xf‘.I§‘,‘.?‘,.."".. t

. m rove. ere . . v 
O‘klt;1;d.énorn:t8Barl;d hgdfbgenzengage by therfactsbgn the.§'1:mesi1 I havglbrought the mlﬂfrgw
ﬂker totive ‘an. °P8II-air concfffta chleﬂy .3“ 3“; ii Simse W“ to Pu wig ‘9kn°w1°d3.°.

. 3'“ “ﬁe” °f the 8r°W"..‘.°"‘~‘- I . §'L":m‘.'.‘ heertb "ff§1°§na’”s’.§r'°i’,-33‘-’a::‘v’§‘§3.’Z :‘°i;"‘.-32 v
:5‘  .-12°31‘-«Wt-'9“‘°'*“’!° 1'k°?”’ wmspeied a, good look. at the boy who is not only anghohuilgw
'“ . . an.‘ .‘ ,.«" \ ~’  r to your church bu?to the town as well I ah '
I“ W “ml h7r’.,'\ ?"?mi°d" “I want to r‘ uest him' to-scome farwardv d sh l“  ‘ l1a’’'ﬂ 5
 ,dii.rst:”‘ -‘ ' -'77  3 ’ fine: was the si al fo Manw 0' "M "4
mm Karim’ <ii_ri§he's wéfe Iawrwitlr Don “- to .. in i .1. r’ “net ‘'1 w‘.“‘» . ‘V
""‘ ‘°°?:i”z§3'ai‘:i°'3ii£""s¢ug.‘“,."1£li‘°su‘3i.'$§°£;T5.’§?Z° iiii up“C¢i2§;nDon." he said. “with a sane: “step on‘

. C! i V . i ~' *. "rthe platform. The people wish tosee u." V ‘"
""#.,..: '“‘Z’§';' x§‘.‘2l2°Z§§.2p‘.-‘2.2iy"§nE':?.*ée‘r’;§  i;,{’g;,*;*;g:;;v°;;<;?,2;,e;e,:;t;,;*;;,stg;=§;'; rnswtg;
. and assisted by his daughter. Wbmwthey "ordeal A  W. . 33890 i
‘A L , - h the mi A _- S l'-_. ﬂzner  by theiii-_in,a:id

u§l°.°§§3Zi.‘.-_§Zi.§’?n rxoxllfoi ‘J.'o”n_3‘s°s§ igigégirghogrggiiﬂlmrlr *°m!~i. in no be

5“ h°°“»r°°°‘'V.°dtf$‘ ﬂ;$:;ber' of -gsdns “Three. cheers for Don Bruce.’ ~ '*~ ‘- ~  7‘

r  e ~ - - . l .

I  3:-if 3‘_,o“t..v~ever ‘ Y ‘who ,‘th'eli‘:.1e}ym;r£'e ‘ZIVGF, the ladies and girls clapping.)
the picnic had athoredseveral layers - ,. . '  _

A ‘be pus ‘ .1-hgﬂbdued ,,i,.~,,f -Ladies and"gen_tleinen, allowzine to introduce:

. which i ~ Ki,“ pcopiessr faces 51,0 i Donald Bruce. said the banker. as sooniis 
belie‘,-‘ thug thew mix: somgthiﬁg in ‘fetched the top_of‘  platform. ‘A “ ‘

_wg's"-43183391 3 potpourri Hurrah for Bruce! sgned anothei-..m V
White irartv~outsk1rta.n£,,tl:e crowd-r». Don bowed as: g l

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

   

  
 
   
       
       
  

 
      
  

  
  

      

 
 
  
 

    
       
   
    

  
  
   
    
   
   

 

    
  
  

 
 
 

   

  
       

 
 

    
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
 
  

. box, and saw displayed on a bed o

' greater vigor.

._',I accept

I . _"‘as ﬁche exciting aﬁair whi

.you have _accorded me in coming upon ‘
' [form and‘ resenting these gifts yourself. I as-

illg out his hand to Marion. gracefully led her

16 ‘ BOUND TO RISE‘

White then made a sign to his .daughter, and
Marian stepped forward. 
' “Mr. Bruce."

Don turned, and there, to his surprise, was Miss
White on the platform with him.

“Mr. Bruce,” repeated Marian, who did not ap-
pear to be at'all disoomposed b the part she had
been called upon to act, “my ather and mother
have deputed me to present you with this little
testimonial of their gratitude for your brave de-
fense of our property rly last Monday morning

' I assure you that it a ords me great pleasure to

have the honor of publicly handing it to you,
together with my own grateful appreciation of
your valuable services in our behalf on that oc-
casion."

She handed Don a small plush box, which he
accepted with a ﬂushed face. While the audience
was heartily applauding the presentation speech
of Marian White, Don mechanicall opened the
ﬂuff cotton
an elegant pair of diamond cuff but ns, an
enameled » and diamond-encrusted watch-charm
and a golden horseshoe stickpin studded with
diamonds. Then several boys yelled:

“Speech! Speech!”

Don stared at the valuablelgifts which had_
been presented to him, and then looked helplessly
into the beautiful face of the young lady who had
so honored him by publicly coming on the plat-
form and giving them to him. He was excusable
if under the trying circumstances he was attacked
by a species of stage-fright. He realized that
something was expected of him——a few words of
thanks—but his tongue stuck to the roof of his
mouth, as it were, and he was unable to utter a
sound. .

“Great Christopher!" he thought.
going to get out of this?”

He began to be painfully conscious of the fact
that he must be looking like a fool, or, at the
best, exceedingly awkward. When the applause
ceased the cries for a speech were renewed with
He saw that he was in for it,
and at last he made a desperate effort in his own

_ “Miss Marian White,” he began, “I am ‘very
much obliged to you, and to your father and
"mother, for these handsome and valuable gifts.
em gratefully, and shall never look at
them wi out recalling this occasion, which I
may say is the proudmt evgt ofmy life, as well

' gave rise to these
tokens of appreciation on the part of yourself
and your parents.” A _

Here Don was interrupted by a burs_t,of ap-
plause. It aﬁorded him a slight breathing spell
and enabled him to fully recover his customary
composure. ’ I ' .

“In addition, I wish to thank you for the honor
this plat-

“How am I

t I ‘shall prize them all the more
because of the,fair hands .through which» they
have passed to my own.” ‘

V’ _ _Don bowed as gallantlv ashe could to the fair

to Mr. White,

th h tu ed dbo
‘ml’ en e m n W 'ence, and, hold-

after which he bowed to the a

J -

down from the platform and back to her seat,
amid cheers and clapping of hands.

CHAPTER XIII.—Caught in the Act.

While the delightful event me have just re-
corded was in progress, other things connected
with the hero of this story were happening in
Oakland. When Sam alighted from the car at

the nearest point to the Bruce cottage he started _ I

for his friend's house at a brisk trot. Herbert,

who had preceded him in the car a.head,'reached ‘

the cottage slightly in advance of Sam. After
reconnoitering the neighborhood with some can-
tion, he boldly entered the yard and went to the
barn. Of course ‘he found the door locked-—it
was secured by a staple and a padlock. He ex-
pected this, and had provided himself with a
stout piece of steel to use in breaking the hasp
off. He changed his mind, however, when he saw
that one of the loft windows was open, and he
looked around for something that would enable
him to enter the barn through the window. It

'was not long before he discovered a short ladder

in_the yard, and placing it under the window,
he mounted the rungs and disappeared inside just
as Sam entered the yard. Jenkins hastened to-
ward the barn, arid, seeing the staple undisturbed,
came to the conclusion that Herbert had not ar-
rived yet. Accordingly, he decided to hide around
the corner of the building. No soner had he
turned‘ the corner than to his surprise he saw
the open loft window, with the ladder beneath it.

“Geewhilikins! The rascal has got here before . "
me and is already in the loft. I haven't a moment‘ '
- to spare." '

He immediately started up the ladder, and,
looking in at the window, saw Herbert Shaw tak-
ing down the model of the rock-crusher from its
resting-place on the shelf. Sam crawled noise
lessly in at the window and took shelter behind a
box, where he could observe Herbert’s movements
and be within reach to foil his purpose at the
critical moment, for Sam determined that, to
make sure of getting back at Don's enemy. he
must capture him in the very act of his van-
dalism. Herbert placed the rock-crusher model
on the bench and looked at it with some interest.
He turned the/crank to see how it worked, and
the effect seemed to please him. He examined it’

all over, and ﬁnally he took a piece of paper and -‘

wrapped it up.’

“Ho!” muttered sum. l“‘He calculates to take 
that away with him. .He will, in a cow's ea},-!":

Herbert next took down the model of another
machine. He looked that over, too, but it did not
interest him. One after another he unloaded the

shelf of -its different devices, most of them very

crude and useless models. When he had satisﬁed
his curiosity with reference to them all, he began
his work of destruction. by seizing a hammer and
demolishing a valueless contrivance that Don had,

after much—labor, put together a year since. As 

he rﬂsed the” hammer to smash another machine
Sam sprang upon him and knocked him on his

back with a well-directed blow behind the ear»;
Sam tore the hammer "_

which ‘half-stunned him.

from his ‘grasp and, seizing him by the
, , , . *
, . I , ,, I . .

 

 
 

. §

 

u
. .
i . n :5-/-x-_..".i.



 

 igié  ‘_ c I V j A
BOUND

* dragged him across the loft to the window. Punch-
g, ing him through feet first, he let him drop to the
  ground» outside, where he collapsed. Sam fol-
_, lowed, closing the window after him, and reached
the ground just as Herbert was trying to get on
fliis feet. Sam threw the ladder down and then
-_ 5 marched up to the bewildered youth: Who did "03
. seem as yet to understand just what had 1189‘

h "Youd’re a nicacilhlap, are, Hirbert ‘S¢l'1i‘a:V!’I’
’ e sai sarcas' . you now a
ought to do with yo . I ought to hand you over
~.;. It; a policeman for breaking into Mrs. Bruces
rn.” ‘ )
‘.‘What—what’s that?” gasped young §haw._
’ “You heard what 1 said, man’: you? replied
Sam, ﬁercely.
“What do you mean?” » ‘
id-“Justsgliat I sagda Ypu ouzhtbto be ?5h31‘::_g
, r . Wha 0 you mean y coming
froiynouthe picnicd grouniles, pugling fa‘: lagdgr _|1P
’ ttht ' , rin eo an rying
“t‘<ag::ll¢l:‘sgtroyaD<:imB‘i)'iiivce‘:‘i‘:l modgls of inventions?”
V. ‘ ‘Who says I did?” blustered Herbert, with a
l _ ! . . f _
‘E: ,‘‘I saycgo. I caught you in the act.” _
" “I wasn't, doing anything. Just looking at
ﬁned’: models. You hadn't any right to hit me.”
“Oh, .you weren't doing anything, eh? You
uv going to steal that rock-crusher niodel
. that ‘ ‘wrapped up in a newspaper? You didn’t
‘ 4:’ one of the models vgith a 11311111111181‘? You're
“Very innocent, on are. uppose ave you ar-
nsted- what 0 you think the magistrate
lay to’you?" 1 ‘ 
I
:5 ‘You w_ouldn’t dare have me arresthd, replied

“Well, I’nm either  to have you a’rres'tedpl°!'
"Pm going 1:2 lick you right here. You can take
oice. ‘

your - A ,,
‘* ‘ ‘If you touch me I'll tell my father._
‘ “I'll bet your father will say I did right when
he hears what you have done. V
“Don’t hit me," almost whimpered the cowardly
I youth. “H ' Chase put me up to the job. Pl]
 you live ollars if you letnme go and dont
A g“ *  33?: 1?: glithteiive dollars, Herbert
w. I'll let ou oﬂ on one condition.” _
, y , 3‘ .
'11 ,agree to anythmz. replged. Herbert:

')
Come_ ight over tomy house.”

   
 

  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
     
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
   
     
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
    
 
   
   

8
E‘
.5

“I want you to write out and sign a statement.

" tt' what you have been caught at and if
 ‘#35: to throw? any of the blame flu. V011};
... Henry chase you can’ do _it, for all :1 care.
v‘»‘Ildon’t want to_do that, obyected Herbei-t._ ‘
‘Tlien take oﬂ' your jacket and take a licking
_ .

a man. . _
“*1 curt ﬁght," replied Herbert, backing away",
. :YiI1've got to, unless you'd rather be arrested.

. . I’n‘.write out e paper.” agreed Sham In

~ ling accents. ..
....- ‘along, then, and d8 it.” ‘ .
wt... grabbed him by the arm and marched him

the street to his house, _whei=e he took
_ up to his room and, placing pen. mk‘«md
before him, stood over him until he wrote

   
  
 

4- down from his dictation and signed

\

T0 RISE .17

it. But Sam was not through with him yet. He

marched Herbert down to a notary’s oﬁce and

made him swear‘ to the truth of the statement and

ﬁcknowledge that the signature on the paper ‘W88
is.

“Now you can go. ‘Herbert Shaw,” he said.
“I’ll keep my word about this paper. Nobody
shall see it but Don Bruce. It won’t be used
against you so long as you behave yourself and
don’t try to cut up any more .monkey-shines
against Bruce. The moment we catch you at an-
other mean trick we’ll put it in the hands of the
police and push you through.” _

Thus speaking, Sam turned on his heel and
took the first car to the picnic grove, while
Herbert Shaw went home to ponder on the way
of the transgressor, too much cowed to think of
any scheme for trying to get square with Sam
Jenkins.

CHAPTER XIV .—The Empire Rock-Crusher Co.,
Inc_. *

It was after four when Sam re-entered the
grove and went around hunting for Don. He met
one of the High School boys, who told him that
Don was out rowing on the lake with! Marian
White. Then it was that Sam learned of the
presentation that had been made to his friend.

“It's nothing more than he deserves," said
Jenkins. “I wouldn't go through what he did for
a million dollars in cash. I mean his experiaco
in the out last Sunday night. He just escaped
by the skin of his teeth, and that is too close I
call for me, you bet your life.”

Sam did not get a chance to tell Don about
Herbert’s attempt to destroy his models until the
following morning. Don coul hardly believe the
story. The sworn statement signed by' Herbert,
however, which Sam showed him. was evidence
enough to show that his friend told nothing ‘but
the exact truth.

“What a mean little villain he is,” said Dan, in
a tone of disgust. “And he belongs to one of the
best families in Oakland. Why, he never con-
sidered me good enough to talk to. I'm glad you

didn't have him arrested. His people would have -

suffered more from the disgrace of it than he.’

“He told me that Henry Chase put him up to
it, and I believe it, especially after what I over-‘
‘heard between the two at the grove. If I»hadn’t
heard that conversation your models would all
have been in the soup when you got back home."

“Well, Sam, I’m awfully obliged to you for
what you did for me. It sha’n_’t forget it.”

“Don't mention it. You'd do the same for me n

if it was necessary."
' “Sure I would.’
That evening Don visited the White residen
and took tea there. He for the ﬁi-st time told a
banker about his different inventions. Mr. White
seemed to be particularly interested in the rock-
crusher, and told ‘Don that he would like to see
his working model very much. ,
“If I really think it is practical I'll help you
get it patented,” he said.

Don brought the model over during the week,‘

explained its utility and showed how it was-hi.
Two weeks later arrangements were “Q: war

‘ ,

 

  
 

 18

- for the taking out of a patent on the machine in

Don's name. Ten days afterward the trial of the

 three crooks came off. It was short and to the

. point. They were convicted, and all received stiﬂ’

sentences in the State prison. During July and

August Marian White and her mother went to the

mountains, but. Marian and Don kept in touch by

* letter. Herbert Shaw also went away from town

, with his mother and sister during the heated

term, and he was not greatly missed by anybody

. who knew him. In the meantime Sam interested

- his father, who was a well-to-do carpenter and

builder, in Don's rock—crusher, and Mr. Jenkins

‘ agreed to purchase an interest in the invention

for Sam for one thousand dollars as soon as Don
got his patent.

“So, we're going to be partners, after all," said

._ Sam, when he came over to his friend's house to
announce his father’s decision. .

“Glad to hear it, Sam. I guess you and I will
pull together all right."

. ' “You can bet yourlife we will. When we ﬁnish
school I suppose we'll set. up an office here in
town?” . » A

“Well, we'll see about that when the time
conies.j'

-3

“B e 6: Jenkins will look all right on a sign,"
'g'i=inn!<-2? Sam, who was tickled over the idea of
‘ becoming a partner in a real ﬁrm. “Proprietors

' and manufacturers of the Empire Rock Crusher,
‘ the only perfect machine of its kind on the mar

ket.‘ How is that? Look well on our business
cards, wont; it?" ,
‘ Don laughed and told Sam not
chickens before they were hatched. , _
“Oh, they'll be hatched, all right," replied Sam,
nodding is head in an energetic way that was
customary withyhim whenever he made an asser-

on. J -

_ ' Just before the patent was issged to Don on his
: : ' Empire Rock Crusher a client 0 the ﬁrm of pa_t-
» ‘ent lawyers that were attending to the matter in
A" . the; _ ’s ‘interest, having eigamined the model and
*5, ﬁcations of the machine, made Don an offer
 the live thousand dollars for _the patent as
' soon as issued. Don was not anxious to dispose
-- of his invention,‘as it was the onlyvavailable one
..‘_" he had on hand, but five thousand dollarslooked
' A’ i like a lot of money. It would 7
. , sxiointmentftoﬂlziis friend Sam. Igraﬁhf rock‘-)c:;its‘lie¢;r
o,-i erewas no occ _ ora -

shi “between them, for the.,pPes'ent at least. Don
calred ‘on Banker
_ _ containing the offer inblack
‘. - b lhim what he ha bettengdo. _ _
~ , J “You are not very eager to sell your l.'l8l'ltS.ln
is m_achin‘e,i eh?” asked Mr. White, with a smile.

. " “I would prefer to hold on_, am, for various
vreesons. Surely, if the patent is worth_ ﬁve thou-
 hnd dollars in the eyes of a stranger, it ought to
‘-xbesvorth more -than that to me. . _

,. __“Hot necessarily so. .~.,It will - fake capital to
~ ‘ the machines and put them into operation.

to count, his

  
   
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
 

 

_,and white, and asked

as
. .

' P

.a.....¢s of that, sit."
a

‘A ?*f hive
make an improved

,, ‘you are. '32 to r
 sinartﬁp may

also mean a‘ disap- a

White, _showed him‘ the letter,

I: is a serious disadvantage that you labor '
7 p _ __ ~_ -

lee the necessary ‘
 outshine yours as muclras .£yours

 

" BOUND TO RISE

does those already in operation.
you are taking if you hold on."

“Then you would advise me to sell my rights
to th;s man?” said Don. . ,

“I don't advise you accept this offer until you
have submitted to him a counter-proposition."

“A counter-proposition, sir?"

“Yes. You had better empower me to, act for
you in this matter. I'll submit a proposition in
your name to form a stock company, with a cap-
ital'of, say, twenty-ﬁve thousand dollars. That is _
ﬁve hundred shares of a par value of ﬁfty dollars‘ 
each. In exchange for your patent rights you are ’
to retain one hundred shares of the stock, and
out of the funds received for the sale of the four
hundred shares the sum of ﬁve thousand dollars
in cash. If your friend Jenkins wishes to go into
the company as a stockholder, also, his father 
will have the privilege of applying for as many -:35
shares at fifty dollars each as he cares to pay" _ 

. 

That is a risk

" ..-.....‘:{ i.i.x,.‘..fn‘ ax}; .

 

 

for.”
Don liked the idea immensely, and said so; I,
therefore Mr. White undertook to see if the strain-' _ ,
ger ‘who had ..offered to buy the patent outri ht ‘J
would consider the proposition of taking s k -,-
in the _proposed company. The entleman in 
question, whose name was Mason objected at-.5
first to the plan proposed by the banker, and “ "'
raised his original oﬂ'er another thousapddol-7 _
lars. His purpose was to form a close corpo -. 
tion-among a few of his friends, who stood ready L,
to back_him "up with their money, and thus control _, 
the machine for the beneﬁt of himself and  '
pciates only. Quite a bit of correspondence en-1.
sued‘ betw en the banlhr, acting for Don, and '
Mr. Maso , and an arrangement was ﬁnally 
tered.into by which Mi» Mason was to form and
control the com any, the capital of which was to‘
consist of one t ousand shares of stock at a 
value of ﬁfty dollars each.‘ It was agreed th:tt?5‘,
Don was to receive_ one hundred shares of the 9
stock and live thousand dollars in cash; that his ;
-friend Jenkins should have the privilege of put» 
chasing ﬁfty shares or less; that ﬁve hundred
‘shares shou d remain in the treasury, and that?
the balance was to be apportioned amo .'
Mason and his friends at the face value.  if
further agree?! that the board of directors 5 J * 1,
consist of ﬁve stockholders, of whom Don-and up
were to be two. It was further understood ‘that —
.Mr. Mason was to be the president and gene,‘ ' V
. manager; that he.shoul_d designatewho  ,
the oﬂices 'of.\vice-president. and treasuroi'..and.f
that Sam. Jenkins should. he the  . 
president, secretary and treasurer to  ,
stated salaries. Thisarrangement was made“ 
accordance with the desire of Mr. White that‘
should enter the Oakland Bank and work his we 
up to a responsible position therein. In the  .
time the atent for -the rockecrusher was 
issued to on. The Empire Rock-Crusher “
Inc., was formed in January of the following ygg‘ 
under the laws of New Jersey, withits main ugh "‘
ﬁce located in Jersey City and its business oﬂq‘
(practically the main oﬂice) located in a tall‘
craper in _New York City. The four -inn
shares of stock were all sold and paid for. _
Tenkins-‘getting twenty shares through_ his w - = .
 Dongot a certiﬁcate or one hundred share! f "
_ othe company's first check for live  ' '

   
      
 
  
  
 
    
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
 
     
    
   
   
 
  
   
 
      
 

-'4

    
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
    
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
     

 

. . The duties of secretary devolved on the
   until Sam graduated in June, when he
arasexpected to move to New York and take hold.
While Don was not prominently identified with

company, he was nevertheless liberally pro-
vided for, inasmuch as he held one-fifth of the
g  issued,*and had ﬁve thousand dollars cash to
 U:- credit in the Oakland Bank, on a’ time deposit,
. 3:‘; 'ng three and a half per cent. interest.

CHAPTER XV.-“Conclusion.

"Don and Sam duly graduated in June, and both
were slated.to begin life's serious duties on the
day of the succeeding September. a
We've got about nine weeks to have a good
Annie in before we knuckle down to business,” said
to Don, the morning they tooktheir diplomas
’ a picture store,to have them framed. “ y
we put in the time?" _ _
“Pm going with Mrs. White and Marian to the
tskills,” replied Don. “Mrs. White has a cot-
‘ » up in the neighborhood of the Dunderburg
‘Hostel. What's the matter with you going along ?”
How can I, when I’m not invited?"

Don't worry about that. I'll ﬁx it so you can
I

.A 5'
' ‘You seem to have a pretty good pull with the

s-! ' '  Sam. _

Wei, ey certainly seem to think that they
‘t do too mugh for me," replied Don, laugh-
, 1

*1-suppose you mean to marry Marian sonic
, and eventually annex all the old gentleman s
th?” chuckled Sam. _ .- u ‘
Oh. I don’t know," ﬂushed Don. It takes two
make a bargain, and no matter what my ﬂeei-
. are on thesubgect, the young lady might
-V diﬂerent ones." .

ot much fear of that. You're the whole’

with her.”k 7
_ (1 now.”
How 0 you b what I see. For the past
. . nobody b has had a ghost of a show
on Marian White’: . _ n _
‘oh, we're good friends, all right, replied D_on.
should say you were. When are you going
on '

     
  
 
   
   
   
   

mpose. .
on get out. I'm not eighteen yet. There’s
~ of time yet.”
"some dashinz than at these summer resorts
ngy at your nose out of Joint. , Girls aren_t
to depended on. They don t know their
mind half the time.” . ‘
3;. on talk. as if some girl had thrown you
-' . I ‘

ogbut I've seen other fellows thrown. down
 thought they were the only thing in
M  afraid to take my chance with Marian.
"Elie'hat girl inthe world.” .
course she is,”.chIcl:led Sam. “Well. you
- t in onfthis siimmer racket if you
wjaoth’ _ ‘way or me. ‘ ,. _. - 4
i .  ._I'll [let  in a dayor

......n  l ,..e,.;t.;.¢..‘ii.. and

  

  

     

° BOUND Fro’. iusn

. t’s right; but look out that she doesn't -

   
 

 ‘White were scatteredwin, the top of

 

1?

about having Sam Jenkins at their cottage in the
Catskills. They oifered no objections to his soci-
ety, and so Don notified his chum to prepare to
accompany the party on the first of July.

“Did you hear the news?” asked Sam, when he
joined the party at the station on the morning of ’
their departure‘ for the mountains.

“What news?” asked Don, looking at his chum.

“Bug Burley, the head crook of the bunch you
helped to send up the river a year ago, has es-
caped from Trenton.”

“Is that a fact?” asked Don.

“That’s what the paper says this morning. You
can read it for yourself as soon as we get aboard
the car.” i

Don‘ read the item later on, and found that Bag
Burley had indeed escaped from the Trenton Pen-
itentiary, here he had been sent to serve a lif-
teen-year tence. The White cottage was sit-
uated in a romantic spot on the Dunderburg
Mountain, within a short distance, but out of
sight, of the Dunderburg Hotel, which was
pémhed on the summit. There were a dozen other '~
cottages, owned or rented by wealthy peo le, in
the immediate vicinity, and all facing up e ser-
pentine road that wound down the mountaiifaide
to the st tion of the Dunderburg Mountain‘ Rai1- 
way. J u y had passed away and the last week of
August was drawing near.‘ Don, Sam and Marian ‘ 1
White had been having a bang-up time in the
mountains, for there were many young folks in «Q
the neighborhood with whom they associated. Ole \ V‘:
afternoon, after lunch, Don proposed that they '
takea stroll up to e Dunderburg Glen‘, one of -.
tliewildestandm roinanh'c.spotsontheDun-. 
derburg. Marian and Sam were agreeable to this *
plan. Just before they started out a neighbor
came over to the White cottage and announced
that the Raynor cottage, the furthest one from
the hotel, had been burglariaed the night before.

The thief had carried off not only all the avail- — 
able plunder, but a considerable quantity of food s
as well. This was rather startling news, and Don .
warned Mrs. White to keep her eyes wide open “
while they were away, lest she be troubled by '
some undesirable visitor. The boy, fearing that - .7
they might possibly run across the rascal some-*  .
where in the mountain wilds, prudently took his
revolver from his trunk and put it in his pocket.

“It will be handy to have in case otan emer-
gency,” he remarked to Sam. «A j,

“Yes; but Lguess there isn't much likelihood 
that the fellow will show himself in the broad 4?
daylight, if he still is in this neighborhood, which .,
is not likely, for it is probable he haaunade for _~;;,
the river with his plunder. The fact that he 
hooked a quantity of food shows that he intended ‘c’
to keep well in hiding.” ;

The three young people started off on their
jaunt and in the course of an hour were standi
at the entrance to the glen. There was a s ,
rude shant not a great way from where they
stood, and am proposed that they take a look atg
it. Accordingly they started for it. The door at
the hut was closed, but, as there seeimd to be‘iio-
indications that it was inhabited, they‘did not
hesitate to enter the place. ‘ » .»

.“Somebody has been ,here not very long»

8aidSa1n.7Dointingtoaoniecrumbaot_ M


      
   

 
      
      
       
   

 
 
   
 
  
 

          
     
   
   
      

/-'

I ’  wolﬁsh snarl as

?°.

» — "I guess some of the hotel people were up here
tely, and they may have brought some lunch

with them," replied Don. .

“This would be a nice, airy habitation to spend
one's honeymoon in," grinned Sam, with an intel-
ligent wink at his chum. ‘

“Then I suppose I may expect to hear of you
coming here with your bride one of these days,
Mr. Jenkins?” laughed Marian. _

S “Ho! I’m not going to get married," replied
am.

“What, never? Have you decided to become an
old bachelor?”

going to get married for a good while yet. I like
to be my own_ boss, and a fe1low_cai,i’t always be
that when he is hitched to some girl’. _ .’ .
‘ “I wish I had a drink of water, ‘said Marian.
‘who gieaidtﬁeated hﬁrsfelf ontthe box, after Don had
in ram 1 .

’ rl‘l%Vell, Illlctlalke :. look around and see if I can
ﬁnd a stream anywhere. I heard there was one
up here. I’ve got a collapsible rubber cup ui _my
pocket, which I carry for Just such emergencies,
and I'll fetch you back a drink if I can locate the
water.’-' -

“Don't be long, Dan,” said the girl. . _

“Not if I can help it. You and Sam can have it
out on the subject of matrimony while I in away.

“We’re through already," chuckled Sam.
“h'~e“ThenedtgIktab?ut1}:]sol!lnétt'hing else," said Don, as

_, walk on o e u , _
b°Afte;- wstlgdng t})el'll:lﬂ:ps a quartl;e_r 0;: mile tbs

, y came a _ric ing moon in ea_m, an
after jalkingga drliglgkhifmsetli hi filledAth$ rubber

started or e u . s e came
fgpalgillt of it he thought he heard a scream in

, “That sounded ‘like a girl." he said to himself,
‘A gtopping and listening.
, The sound was not repeated,  he went on.
’ The door of the shanty, although wide open when
he left, was now closed. Don_thought this was
funny, for the weather was decidedly warm, even
at that altitude, and the hntiwas close and not
over-sweet. He walked up to the door and banged
it wide open. The scene that met his view stag-
gei-ed~hiin. Sam was stretched out motionless on,
. , the ﬂoor, with the blood tricklin from a cut
- somewhere/on the head, while arian lay in-
‘ jensible, supported 1: ‘the arm of a hard-looking
A ruman, who was ta ng the diamond earrings
" ‘ from her ears: The fellow looked up with a
Don threw o the door and his‘
 Ahandinstantl sought his hip-pocket, where the
«butt of a revolver protruded. Although the rascal -
'- .:1l'as greatly changed for the worse, Don at once
recognized him as Bug Burley, the escaped con-
vict. 'l‘he= recognition was mutual, and with a
7 howl of anger Burley yanked out his weapon.
wDon on the spur of the moment threw the cupful
’ oi water at his head and drew his own revolver.
I  j'*'l'l_ie‘ cup struck the ruiﬁan in the face, and the
‘ Wing water disconcerted him for a moment.
« tprohahly saved Don’s life. Both revolvers
gncltod at theisame moment. Don felt the wind
bulleton his cheek and quickly recocked his

as '“'f"‘;: "‘°$3"i.’i§—owia' 3: 1m shiielé
 svritli a bag j
‘ ' ll «Q4.  l --y.\~....an4-»r.Q_c-4

. BOUND‘_TO RISE

“I” didn't mean that. I meant that I'wasn’t '

   

through his chest. As Don grabbed Marian she
uttered a ﬂuttering sigh and opened her eyes.

“Oh, Don,” she cried, throwing her arms around
his neck, _“save me!” :

‘‘Don’t worry, you’re safe enough,” he replied
reassuringly.

“0h!" she exclaimed shudderingly, as she saw
the gasping form of the rufﬁan almost at her
feet, with the revolver on the ﬂoor. “What did
you do to him, Don?”

“I shot him,” replied the boy, coolly.
his ‘life or mine, and luck ran my way.”

“He isn’t’~ dead.” -

“No, but he looks hard hit. You can see by the
blood on his shirt where the bullet struck him.
How was Sam knocked out? Not shot, for» I
should have heard the report of the revolver."

“He was hit with a stick, I thnik.” .

“That club, I guess,” said Don, as he raised
Sam's head and looked at the wound near the top
of his head. “I must get some water and bring
him to.” '

“I'll go with you,” said the girl. “I wouldn’t
remain here for anything.”

Don learned that the rascal had appeared sud-
denly behind Sam and struck him down, when
Marian screamed and fainted. It was her cry
that Don heard as he aproached the shanty. Sam
was brought to without much trouble, and his‘
wound proved to be of small consequence. ‘ ’

“I’1l bet this is the chap that robbed the
cottage, last night," he said.

It proved so’, for they found a bag full of the
plunder stowed away in a cupboard in a corner.

They»took charge of it between them and re
turned it to the owner. The hotel detective and
posse'went to the hut with Don and Sam and
found Burley..in pretty bad shape. He was a.
tough rascal, however, and survived the wound,
so that he was subsequently carried back to 'I‘un¢“
ton to complete his term of imprisonment. On the
first of September‘Don entered the Oakland Bank,‘
while Sam began a new life in New York City
secretary of the Empire Rock-Crusher Co., Inc.~

Years have passed since then, and to-day Don‘ ~
Bruce is the cashier of the bank, and also.a
stockholder in same. He has been marriedto
Marian White just six nioifths, and he expects-at‘
the next meeting of the directors to he electd?
vice-president of the bank. There is little doubt
that when Mr. White retires Don will become,
president, for he has the White inﬂuence at his
back, and Mr. White practically owns the bank.
As for Sam Jenkins, he is still secretary of the
rock—crusher company, and is now the owner
one hundred shares of its stock. Don earns.
handsome annuity from his interest in the com»-
pany, for when the treasury stock was 
enlarge the company’s business he purchased 9»
second one hundred shares at a premium of ‘ "
dollars per share. Don has practically fought ,
way to success, for the goal of his ambition is
in‘ sight, and the same may be attained by - 
ﬁergetic boy of Don’; caliber who is-. 

se. ‘ ~

       
      
       
   
       

“It was

 

 
      
 
      
 
        
     
        
       
  
        
    
      
  
      
     
    
    
   
     
   
     
   
    
 
     
      
 
   
   
 
 
  

     
  

Rayno

   

   
    

  

  

  
  

    
   

   

   
  

 
 
  
   

 
 
 

' Next ....t~. issue will contain ~oi;i*i:" _
1-an DOLLARS: or,a siturr iiorix;
srn.enr.'~-  y   

to Aliré

 
   

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
    
  
    
  
   
 
 
 
 

 

GRASSHOPPER PLAGUE

,.‘Farmers in West Texas are fencing in their
-- ‘with fences six inches high. Grasshoppers
pestered them for so long that they have
to take measures against their inroads. The
' ary ﬂyim? grasshoppers cannot -be keut out,
"the “beasties with the big green eyes” that
--~ in Texas, called “jumpbos,” because of
irweight, are unable to jump more than ﬁve
es from the ground and so cannot surmount
emergency fences. Over thirty~seven» miles
this novel fencing. has been set up.

BEAVERS REBUILD DAM.
..An old beaver dam near Beilefonte, Pa.. was
- from neglect and farmers nearby had
- -- to make repairs. when a colony of beav-
selected the place for habitation. pounced on
repair work and comnleted it, the dam.being
cted throughout. about feet In
, and from 4 to 10 feet high.

- FAME AND. FORTUNE WEEKLY
c U R R E N T N E w s

21

 

The beavers now have their own new and
hapnv home. the surplus waters in the stream
are held back. the farmers have a fine lot of
water for their use and the boys will ﬁnd the
pond a ﬁne place for winter skating.

PREACHER MAKES PLEA ‘FOR SUNDAYI
ELECTIONS

A suggestion that all elections be held on Sun-
day has been made by the Rev. J. A. Rondthaler,
dean of the Protestant sects, Mooseheart. 111.

“It would be eminently ﬁtting,” he said, “for
America to appoint her election days on Sunday.
It would be a fitting observance of the Sabbath.
It would lift the election duty into the atmosphere
of highest service and worship. Many thousands
who are so tied up during the week that they can-

not get to the polls would be free to express their ‘

will for the country.”

  
 
 
 
 
   
     
    
    
   
    
       
 
 
     
      

 
 

  

“Button! Button!” .b
..  Mystery." by‘

  

‘rt, J‘.

   

. BOYS, READ THIS! ‘
‘ THE GREATEST DETECTIVE 'sToRIEs EVER WRI'l"l‘EN ARE PUBLISHED IN
 “MYSTERY MAGAZINE”
Read the number‘ out today on all newsstands. It contains GEORGE BRONSON-
' I-.IOWARD’S detective novelette
_ “THE HOODWINKERS” .
It is full of exciting incidents and contains a dandy plot.
All You Radio Bugs, Read “DRAWN TEETH”

A story of roughnecks in‘ the underworld, written by JOE BURKE.
WJZ recently Broadcast It" on the Air - ‘ '
It must have been a good one for that great station to use it.

- . And I5on’t Miss the Trio-Part Serial
“THE FORBIDDEN RO0M,”— by Edward L’. Bennett

It zips along crowded with mystery and adventure from the first
. to the last/chapter.

. Do You Want Your Character Read Free of Charge?

-‘Send LOUISE RICE.a_sample of your writing and she will tell you your best points
_ _ ' in life. advise what is best for you and help you a whole int. V  A -

BE SURE TO READ THE SHORT STORIES

Paul E. Triem; “Reunion,” by Laurence D’Orsay; “The Hypnotic
arl W. Scott; “The Cluem the Watch," by Carl G. Hodges,

and “Mixed Trails,” by Freeman I-Iarrison; _

  In  There Are Numerous INTERESTING ARTICLES \ ~
‘in .2. They co3er’a.ll'sorts of police and detective casesin real life, and
A ~. A ‘ "v~ R g cannotfailtoplease you. .. _ '
'Your-Friends-—You ‘Will Like It

 

 

 

    
 
    
  
   
 
  
  
  
      
      
     
    

"u,

  

-22 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY V ' T 
Rob and the Reporters m£°ti§“K:a3’:é.:§:,,,§:?"a" "W Wm P°PP°“ i

or “What‘ brought you here?” '
"‘~ I “ “Why,” .I’m a reporter on the New York

- - ‘E rth. 3
Hustlms for W8!‘ Now! by W||’¢1°8 gHa! Did you have anything to do with ﬁx-. ;

 

 

‘ ingviﬁi‘ a private wireless plant in this tower?"
“ y, yes. There were a bunch of us. We “
By GASTON GARNE zogiemratedth I camet bag}: ” .
re you e opera or. .,

“Yes sir.” ' .=

(A serial Story_) de‘!;I‘t:¢rs:1‘ii 1: i:i1'le_,-Jche very fellow we want. Un- 

n . ‘ >

. - «N0.» _ ‘ 3

CHAPTER XVIII‘ - . “Can you take and send in French and Ger- V _-1

Once Again Working The Wireless. m§.';;e1§f‘:i§_,‘:Y letter’-"’ _ z

-  “Where are the others?” i . .3

nullilénllgoaﬁied me what were were domg here”, ":]I (ilOIl’t'1(l'lOW. sir. I haven't seen the!!! in sev- ii

4_ er. ays.’

And what did you tell them?" . , , '

, “That I had been ordered to help_ you two out n°‘t13a‘§1o1€vey(§J}’1" know that war coirespondents are
:‘ur‘-ngeﬁn Trunks .-to my umform’ It W89‘; down “We fellows have to do the best we can for our-

. Th hurried , ' t d leading ' to 8913'” Si’-" . . .  =

s r ' . . -

’IRotg.p§%§?nt1y‘ “Say, Brown’ do youvknow what ﬁvE'tl;(1!]I'Stoll1g:d come in by this time; there  ,.

usgﬁufe as rm thinking I fancy. that we are R01)    and Brown and d§V0lI

 smaigh: to our old {wireless pjant.» lgnlégped there might be no search made in the

a. ' '

" i‘ *’°' All liands now began talking excitedly in Ger-

  
    
  
      

 

.4
.:

 
 

3r'31ib§it§iha§o§°:"i  said Edith who had not '“3“- .

. hard the 1antmenﬁ°ned_ _ ’ * Then in a_fe_w moments three went upstairs
Rob exp med. 1 1' and t§1e_ reﬁaining cases were brought down and’
‘_‘At least it will be a shelter from the storm," 1’ ace “‘ ° _°”*°" _

‘ she said. “You with us, young man," said the cap-'

       

’ ,‘“Not riiuch," sighed Rob. “The tower is roof_- t8|1I- " 8 are Setting‘ up this P181111 0f V1‘!
'»‘_ lens. but I suppose we slia be sheltered down- ¢18€Whe_1‘° and need an °per8l70!'- You‘ 1 he
_ stairs to’: certain extent." . We“ Pald-"  ’
o “Is it far?” ‘ “Bl! '
'5 ’ “Perhaps half a mile. It seems to be letting "3011?! Y0“ 113“ "0 9»1t°m3ﬁV°- Y0“ em!” ~
. ngrahbithand gin: glad.” l h . h f s'o‘E'il uégl (12, as loutr V13-lilsoli)i:r.” f th t ' 
- ey, un-i o c min 1», ' ' 1; _‘ rea co w a _ come 0 a 
. the tower, whichniwa: de§e':ted.€n8t m ‘mg 0 21%;" thougclit Rob. seems no way out of it. 
‘ , rytm ed ‘ or was ere any. _ . V
' iwoﬁtnbpstaiigsr i.‘§°§‘aiied"d%w‘i?“t'1.°isl’3‘»$n‘¥§§i' 55.333 .Rob was f°r°?d to entemhe car with the can-
“: as king boxes were gone_ tam, who now informed him that his name 

“Hay the boys took_ themnway,” answered N‘°d°"'“““" 4 V. ,
Brown. “Come down, quick!" be instantly added. As they b9W1ed 011 th1‘0P8h the, W00dS. 113 WM «
.;“Cars cumin ! I'm going to hide in the cellar’ .¢108¢1Y q\l8Stl0n0d 38 to his D01ll_:x,cal sentiment!‘-
fwith Miss orley!” Needless to say he expressed himself as entire-7
l - Rob didn’t  an_instant in chasin down the 1? G°1'm3n- _ ' .
‘non-ow, windin stairs, but after all e was too “If you do us good semce 1'11 see that you at
“late. for before e could make the cellar-the cars 3 chlmce J0 forward ¢°1‘!‘9°t W8!‘ WW5 *0 7°31?
. had stopped, and two German oiiicers entered the paper.” declared Captain Niedermanm “Fitz you
tower. A . can't s alt German, but that’: the way wit yod
 lob was now fairly trapped. New ork Deutschers, I used to live there nun?
{His role of a dummy never once occurred to V Self. 80 I know-” ‘ p .

      
  

     

' n

     
  

  
  
    
 
   
  

   
       
      
   
  
 

  
   
   
 
 

  
   
 
     
 

 
    
   

  
 
 
  

E p . V ‘  Rob assured him of his own iéfret.
"Re turned and faced the men. prepared for the They dashed 011 W61‘ the '08- 95613. With
worst.‘ He even-forgot that’ he was made up to - cul avoiding the dead and wounded. «
$  a. German, and when one of then asked T e battle was still ragga; in the distance‘.
; _ _ he ¢ shouted

natured in

   
 
 
   

was and what he was doing there he . An orderly who went ri
'-English that ehe could not under- E of Gernian successdto tb captain who,

. A ' V . \ R an ' A r ‘it
;._ ‘ ‘ E 11?” demanded the ofﬂcer, who “lion see. we are winnin -everywhei.-e.~f
3“   om. i. ’ ‘ .sha1l hoin Paris within slag woeks.”*1  
.Am_eticnn,',’ replied dob} now ‘It’: to.be hoped so." replied ﬂab. feeling’ A
..~ in’ nativctongnep theonly W_llJf’W§l,l’4I_I‘k0en_’ilIa|0£@§'

     
     

  
     

      

   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
     
 
  
   
  
  
 

/

BOBS HER HAIR AT 102
Celebratin her birthday in a manner beﬁtting
- - times, Jane Williams, 102 years old, of
Harrisonville, 0., has had her hair bobb_ed.
Mrs. Williams’s parents came from England.
Her father fought in the Revolutionary War and
g 2-; killed while assisting in the ‘construction of
 ‘be Erie Canal in New York ninety-seven years
:  Mrs. Williams has a ﬁne growth of hair,
kind in order to comb it more easily decided to
. it bobbed.
Bobbed hair, in the opinion of the aged woman,
a step forward in the life of women. Mrs. Wil-
ams expects to live to a ‘ripe old age.”

PARROTS LIVE THIRTY YEARS
‘Of the twenty commonly known varieties of
34" -~ the most talkative ones, according to
 rge Bruce Chapman, head or a London house
2. at has imported and sold the birds for more
.: u: 100 years, are the Brazilian Amaion and
v ‘African Gray. The former has bri ht blue
d yellow feathers and red tips to the s ’o,ul(l<2i-s
‘d ﬂight wings. The African Gray has a red
Brazil natives watch themesting places and
n the ﬂedglings are a few days old, the feath-
of one of the wings are trimmed. Later
 birds are easily captured, placed on perches
taken to the nearest village. Fanciers say
t the birds should be fed twice a day, and if
a proper care will live thirty years.

POUNDS OF DIAMONDS BEING SOLD
Y SOVIET
The Russian newspaper Rul, printed in Berlin,
- 'shed the statement that Soviet Ambassador
stinsky is handling the sale of 330 pounds of
v v ds which were conﬁscated by the Soviet
ent and which are'bein'g sold through

t is stated that a large number of diamonds
bein smuggled into the United States
h nada by women employees. Accord-

to the newspaper, the diamonds on sale are

»~ in the Kremlin at Moscow and are released

Ni‘, upon the signatures of five members of the

‘ ﬁcal Bureau -of the Communist Party.

The Rul declares that international jewelers

_, diamond merchants are uneasy concerning the

Skin Soviet hands and that the Belgian and

. Chambers of Commerce have already boy-

ggems bought from Soviet agents.

' quantity of diamonds. in the possession of

 is so great,’ the Ru! estim s, that it

' ‘acquire a decade to sell them unle they are

eed. -

. HAWAIPS LAKE OF FIRE
t visitors to the rimlaof Eﬁilgnmuénattgs
" e" spectacu r e i it o e
_ ark, and probably the greatest
.. __  attraction in the world, have been
' —- to a new thrill. Little wliirlwinds start
7 ‘in the pit on the surface ‘of the liquid lava
. ....~ V up the walls, mainta.ining'a diameter
- .  but reschingga height of 29

  
  
  
 

. FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
- ‘BRIEF BUT POINTED

 

 

feet. These whirls circle around the rim and
will pull a hat from a visitor, sail it out over the
Lake of Fire a few moments and then carry it
high in the air and drop it carefully on the ﬂoor
of the outer crater, sometimes, with 200 feet of
its owner. As yet not a single hat has dropped.
into the Lake of Fire. The vicious snapping of
the whirls cause the visitors to keep well back
from the rim, but now and then a hat gets loose
and purnishes a thrill for every one. At night
the steam cloud hanging over the pit is brilliantly
illuminated during periods of lava ﬂows, and at
other times is lighted momentarily from the
ﬂashes of the fountains through which the fresh
lava is poured out over the surface of the lake.

PLANTS THAT ENTERTAIN ANTS

Among the most curious and interesting of
natural phenomena are those pertaining to the
mutual relationships of common organisms. Two
plants, two animals or a plant and an animal may
live together for their mutual beneﬁt. Very often
one of the parties gets food for _the combination,
while the other receives protection. This is the
arrangement that subsists between some tropic‘!
plants and certain species of ants which live and
feed in their hollow stems, and in return drive
away other insects that would do damage.

These insects, even in the temperate‘ zone, play
an_ important part in the economy of nature, but
th1s_becomes _quite notable in the tropics. In
tropical America the so-called “leaf cutters,” or
“parasol” ants, are to be regarded as the moat
redoubtable enemies of vegetation. Besides such
means of protection against these enemies as
ﬁbrous structure_ disagreeable secretions, etc. it
has been W'0V€d that some nlants have relatibns
with certain warlike species of ants which 3]-
mostﬂcompletely protect them from the “leaf cut-
ters.
instance of myrmecophilly.

Two species of acacia are the best known ex-
amples of this order of things. They have hi hly
developed hollow thorns that serve as a reiige
for a deﬁnite species of ferocious a'nts that pierce
an entrance to them near the end.

But plants of this kind are not content with of-
fering’ a mere asylum to their de*'e.r:ders. They
also provide nutriment. At the ends of the leaves
of these acacias we find small bodies, egg-shaped
or pear-shaped,
eaten by the ants.

The Vecropias are remarkable trees, Very wide.
ly distributed throughout the tropics. Their
slender trunks are crowned with four leaves
the ends of the branches. A few active ants run
continually along the branches and leaves, but-if
the tree is shaken slightly an army of ants rush
out by small apertures, ready for a savage as.
sault on the intruder. This. is the most terrible
guardian that the tree hasretained to protect
it from its most formidable enemy, the “leaf cut-
ter” ant. The defenders rarely lea'..- their ro-
treat, where -they live on small whitish egg-

Isliaped bodies about one-twe’f'.h of an inch 193‘
know_ii as Mueller’s corpuscles. _ ,

  

This is held to be the most interesting

-0

that are carefully garnered and '

    
 

    

rnousanns or FISH SAVED As POOLS
DRY UP

; - The Lousiana Conservation Commission, with

the assistance of the Federal Bureau of Fisheries,
7 , saved 775,300 ﬁsh from death in St. Martin Par-
ish, New Orleans, La., alone from August 6 to
September 6, according to a report of the com-
mission on its work» to overﬂow pools which were
drying up because of the drought. '

 

,:l’erred to streams in East Carroll Parish, in the
) northeastern part of the state, and in Calcasieu
‘ J?’ Parish, in the southwest. Commercial ﬁsh num-
bering 618,275 were planted in runnigg streams
in the vicinity where they were rescu .

     
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
    
    
  
       
    
    

, i SEA SNAKES SEIZE SHIP
 ' Although sea serpents are now generally con-
ceded to long only to the world of tables, there
are approxixnatel ﬁfty species of snakes that
make their home in salt water, soiue of them at-
taining-a length of several feet. They are poison-
ous, according to P r Mechanics, and al-
though timid under or ‘ ary conditions have been
known to attack savagel when disturbed. When
the steamship Ikala _ rapped anchor in the
, Straits of Madascar not long ago, it amused a
school of salt-water re tiles that swarmed on
,. " the c ains and hawsers. The
ship was re rte to have been held up several
days before the snakes could be driven away. In
many respects these reptiles resemble the land
' " but haveobroad paddle-sha ed tails,
xlgch enable them to swim rapidly ter small

s .

 

~ raiswosu THRIVES IN ICE .
A species of worm that lives only in ice and

cannot ‘withstand even the heat of a human hand

has been found and photographed by a scientiﬁc

Mountains, Wash. - k ~
x The ice on Dodwell-Rixon Pass in the Olympic
was found literafly alive‘ with these worms. They
,are’l3l_ack, thin and about half an inch long. When
the sun is out they crawl into the interior of _the
ice,-where the temperature is lower. Scientists
with the partiasaid that so far as they knew these
Ettﬂs never (1 been found before the United
ﬁes.
While the worms were photographed, it was
possible to get any of them out of the moun-
tains alivea When t e ice surrounding them be-
‘ tomelt they die immediately. What they
 is still a mystery. .

 TRAPPED in TREE sir ELECTRIC
7 to CURRENT .

  
 

 

3.01’ electricity on Greendale a eniie in the
S‘ I T ent to-day, Va entine Beck-
«> . of 18 Beeknian’-avenue,
R :Y., was in imminent danger of
minutes  the power in two

 alentlne was abl

    
 
  

   
 

Game fish to the number of 157,025 were trans-.

expedition that recently went into the Olympic‘

 -in a tree tharged with hundreds or‘

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
FROM EVERYWHERE ,

climb down to the street. He was not hurt, de-
spite his nerve-racking experience.

Valentine had gone seeking horse chestnuts
with several companions. He selected a tree and '
climbed up among the branches. Suddenly he
found himself “fastened” to the tree. He could
move but slightly. His cries attracted people in -
the vicinity, who saw that the tree was charged. ‘
and a hurry call was sent to Police Headquarters.
Chief Atwell and Patrolman Gleason hastened to
the scene, while Lieutenant Curtis called the
Westchester Lighting Company. . , A

In the meantime, however, Roy G. Hyer, super-
intendent of construction of the company, was
appraised_ of the boy's predicament. He shouted
to Valentine to remain quiet and not attempt to "
pull himself away. Then Mr. Hyer telephoned ‘ ‘f
to the company oﬂices and gave instructions that 
the power be shut off.

WBNDERS or THE OCEAN v
It is new proposed to make a comprehensiak - _ v
survey of the ocean'by the United States Navy _‘
and exhibit the wonders of the “buried conti- ‘ ‘
nents," as interesting if not more so than those
exposed to sunlight, by photoghaphs and maps ,
gndthgescriptiom of life and activities of the,
ep ‘

 

One'o_f the greatest oceanographers has said .x
‘ Q

i

that the oceans, which cover ﬁve-sevenths of the
surface of the globe, provide more food for man f
than does the land. ' ‘- '

At a conference of scientists and oﬂicials inter-*
ested in the Jiroposed inventory of the ocean, Dr.
Burrows sai :

“We are interested, in the sea because of the .
rich fertility of the sea. There are what may’ «
be called, perhaps, muds of the sea, huge swarms oi 
of microscopic organisms, plants -and animals _‘ ,;
dwelling in the u 1- levels of the sea that feed, 
the.ﬁsh you all 1 e to eat.” ‘ 

The comparatively recent inventions of ‘the _ 1
radio have changed the means of ‘studying the;
ocean depths. Formerly, a lead was sunk to get ,.
depths; this was not accurate because the SW '
of the line, sometimes miles in length, depen . ,
upon unknown currents in the deep. Such mafi-
urements are now made with a sonic instrument.  .
based upon the length of time it take for «on V
echo to return from the bottom after the explo-
sion of a bomb on the water's surface. Not only
is the accuracy greater, but the speed of taking; . .
sounding. is immensely increased.  ,

Motion pidures may be made of the 
tents and landscapes. Powerful lights ' aiif
the photographers to get the marvelous ‘ ndé
scapes”—-great valleys,’ plains and peaks, rivers. 3
caves, and precipices. There is far more 
of “scenary" in the ocean than there is upa’ -
land, for the loftiest mountain... Mt. Everest. is
only 29,141 feet, while the greatest ml ofthte
ocean is 31.614 feet-—in the Paciﬁc, near the
land of Guam. ‘ x T

Movie ﬁlms of the depths of the ocean may

glosegreattermysteriesthanifllarshad 
» a line of communications equal to the mindio
most‘iinaginativp-astronomer.: , i‘ p E

 
 

l

  
     
   
   
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
 

 
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
      
    

       
   
     
 

 

    

   
 
 
 
   

EARNING LIVING AT 97

Earning her own living by knitting lace at
ty-seven, although so badly crtiﬁpled by pa-
:-: that shelis bedridden, is e record of
— Martha. Clemens, who resides at Eldersville,

the northern section of’ Washington County,

"l'llis aged woman, is so skillful with her needle
‘her ace is of such a ﬁne quality that she
"unable to supply her many patrons. She finds

satisfaction in her work and declares that
is still pleasant, in spite of her handicaps, al-
h she has been an invalid, conﬁned to her
or the past eight years.

   
     
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  

l

'1‘ WATER SNAKE \ INVADES
. CAPE MAY YACHT
~four-foot water snake” was found in the
, yacht Elizabeth, belonging to J. M. Lis-
; of Haverford, Pa., as she I in the harbor.
- ‘ Walker, the cook, who ‘ma e the discovery,
,, no. time in going over the side and rowing
the ﬁsh dock near by. There he appealed to
' Hurley Boyd of the ﬁshing trawler

4 1., who sent Herman Olsen, a seaman, to

alker. .M-med with a; belaying pin, Olsen
‘ the snake coiled in a dishpan and quickly
the reptile.

‘ Boyd, speaking in the light of his ex-
«s on cruises which have taken him all over
world, said the snake probably crawled aboard
Flasabeth as she lay of! Lewisetta,
naRiveronaI*e_ _
ayr‘e.~.plentiful at"that point, explained Cap-

‘-‘i I R-F00

 
       
   
    
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
      
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 

  

 

I.

‘ ' ‘ INTERESTING ITEMS

-acre of 12-ifxch ice usually will provide a
« of 1,000 tons; -

agr'culture for their living‘ says
ribmie. « . ‘ ’ ._
.  phs mounted on push"carts are replac-
“long familiar hand organs in the streets
«- cities. _ _ . ‘
, ﬁght f the socndeposited .b the chim-
v Iiondor? in the oi annually is computed
‘London Lancet at 6,050 tons.

2’edand's al revenue is larger in pro-

: to population than that of any other coun-

exepeded $5,000,000 last year, or $5 for

iuhaiutant. - . , ~ _

' alélnti-rat warfare, San Francisco authori-
I .- the arrest of four hundred persons
to observe the regulations in this re-

set’ Hamil o. .t '
 ' summ3’vith'r’§r1§§§§§'eno; 2955?,
—‘ interior, with powerful. ric

\

  

    

 
 

 

IPAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY
coon READING

., in the-
cent cruise. -‘Water -

200,000,000 residents of India are 

7,166

5 ‘ %

 

work of the women of that country at much less

cost. ,
.

The ja ar is a ﬂesh-eating animal of the cat
family, w ich includes also the lion, tiger, leop-
ard. panther, cougar and lynx. The word jaguar
comes from pagodra, the Brazilian name of the
animal. It is a climber and swimmer. It is
but little smaller than the tiger, and can drag off
an ox or a horse with ease. Its fur is usually
brownish yellow, very prettily marked with cir-
cles of black, with dark spots in them. By some
it is called the South American tiger. Their
skxigs are very handsome, and are admired as
1-0 s.

In 1859 the Russian emperor saw a soldier in
the middle of a grass plot in the ace grounds.
Why was there a daily guard, ieved at stated
intervals? No one knew. Curiosity was amused,
and at last a veteran was discovered who remem-
bered hearing his father say that the Empress
Catherine-she died in 1727—once saw a snow-
drop in bloom at that point unusually early, and
asked that a guard be stationed there to protect
it. And there a sentinel remained for at least
132 years; no one knew how much longer.

 

. In ' 0 Q,

.‘ ‘Mystery Magazine
Seﬂli-Monthly‘ 15 Cents a Copy
15: gas mvm: miurns, by mmmon Cnlgte
mm H nwow‘oFA moo -
      ”'°"““"

' K1
was LocK_ Ann sin}. b;°ii’§mxc‘l>?“'
THE TALKING DOG“; Frank Bllﬂhton
rm: nssar on '1‘ ‘fungus, u, .u'ex..¢.,

Morrison: .
MIXED MOTIVES. by Eric Howard. ’
167 sournwnsr or an LAW, b, n.,.m.,,,
Cralgle. ‘ ‘ E I
THE 
By GEORGE BRONSON HOWARD
' ‘K Out Today in No. 108
HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, in...
166 West 23d Street

‘ ' o 0 ' . ‘
 ‘a “Moving Picture Stones”
A wean: ‘lacqnho Devoted to Photophyg  7
PRICE TEN CENTS PERCOPY

..'?§.? é‘é‘.2‘.‘2.‘i§‘.’."‘2i.‘é'ri'..‘n'F:..?§°s’lZ:§; ¢"?.°.-35:‘ .
'ﬁ§1“¢1'Bll£fl Aftfkxl About Prominent Poozue 5;. -

n ~o cteru d
and .Iom‘In 8cenario,Wui|-iun‘g., ' In 1'' ."'a' '
V.

lunar E. wourr. mum...
WeIt_33(i - , 

-~

1....

   
 
  

 

..’

         

New York City

.1’

\I

 
    
       
 
     
  
  
   

  

I  home of Mrs- Mary ,Fr

1  hestadv

I "f_deerelia,hle’clocks.
.. _,

26
Fame and Fortune Weeigy

NEi}v.i(oRK,°' NovE_._visER"_ 7, 1924 "‘

TERM: 1u,5Ul$a‘CKlbI-.RS"

 

 

Ihgle Copies ................ ..1-outage Free ecaala
One Copy Three Months .... .. " " 00
One Copy Six Montua . . . . . . . .. 2.1!)
One Copy one \‘ear . . . . . . . . . .. “ “ LN

Canada. “.50; Foreign. $5.1». -

now 10 silt» Iolun;—At our risk lead 1’. 0.
Honey Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at our risk. We acce Postal!
Stain the same as mag. When lending IVII wruv
the in a la rate piece or paper to avoid cuitiuz
the envelope. \ rite your name and address Dlaliiu.

HARRY E. WOLFF. Harry I. Well. Pres.
Publisher, 1116-. . Charles E. Nylander, See.
166 W. 23d St.. N. Y. i.. Ii‘. wiuin. 'ri-cu

_FROM, ALL POINTS ‘

SIXTY-TON WHALE ASHORE

Whales are plentiful along the Oregon coast.
One of the largest ever seen there came ashore
at Spencer Creek recently. It is not known how
the whale met its death. It measures 60 feet and
9 inches in length. This is the second whale that
311:3 come ashore near Newport in the past thirty

YE ’

A commercial ﬁsh com y at Spencer Creek is
S g to store severa tons ofswhale meat to
_eed young try. The whale’s ‘estimated weight
as 60 tons. v -

 

HORRIBLE LIVES OF THE ' EASTER
ISLANDERS

Easter Islands in the South Paciﬁc is about the
most undesirable place on earth for human habi-
tation. No trees grow on the island because- it
lacks water and no birds will live there on ac-
count of there being no worms. Theis n‘d is ir-
regular in shape, being 12 miles by 9, y 7, and
is very seldom visited by ships. Two hundred
Pol ians inhabit ait.‘&l‘ld they sulfer continual-
‘ly rom hunger. It was ﬁrst sighted in 1686. It
was egilored in 17,22 and the island then had
2,000‘ abitants. _ -» -

 

LIQU0RA:HlDDEN IN CLOCKS

Twolsbainefaced -clocks with hands awry were

found to be "full as ticks” when police visited

liquor. Two bottles each of bad liquor were ex-
tracted from the interior of the guilty clocks.
His. Frandi, of Hartford Conn., said‘ her hus-

 band had failed to support her and in dispensing

rum she thought she was using her time toathe
I3.lN|C3o. - * - .'
Jadfe Day sentenced Mrs. Frandi to “do time"
to
tune, with a warning not to further corrupt her

 

*""NEw._x-Bait’ DEVICE MAKES‘ WALL

. , TRANSPARENT ._ ‘ ,

~.!§e'w'Xvray -‘machines by means of which one
jock through wallssand floors as easily ass
I ’ or dentist-—iiowfexai_ninoa subcutaneous

n

  

andi in search of

extent of sixty days, but suspended sen- .

.paner Row at lunch time any weekday.

 

«P

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ‘ - ,°

parts of his patient’s bod have been perfected.
The inventors are Dr. . D. Coolidge and his
associates in the research laboratory of the Gen-
eral Electric Company. ’ v
The new apparatus, an oil-immersed portable ‘
outﬁt in a box 7x8x10 inches and weighing but
30 pounds, is expected to prove of great value, W
especially to plumbers, building contractors, elec- -:
tricians and jewelers.  .
To use the new device it will only be necessary
to connect an ordinary extension cord to the near- ";
est lamp socket or base plug of the household ;
lighting system, and then X-rays may be prog 
duced y simpl pressing a button. V‘;
Hereafter, the inventor says, the man who -
wishes to hang a picture on the wall and doesn't 3

- know where to find a solid place to drive a nail ,

will not have to ruin the wall before ﬁnding the —'
right spot. The new machine may also provea .-
blow to smugglers, should customs oﬁlcials use 
the device in searching for secret chambers in V
trunks and bags. . . '

Jewelers, it is said, will be able to detect spii-‘.
rious gems at a glance by using the rays. 

  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
     
 
  
  
   

 

LAUGHS

fl shall jump into the river, father,  I
rejects me!" “Don't do it, K‘ai-l-—you know so“
little about water." * ‘ 

Candidate for Employment (to foreman)-5’
You want a character from my last employer?-
Why, he has been dead these twenty years. 5

In a cemetery at Middlebury, Vt.. is a ston‘
erected bya widow to her loving husband, bears.
in: this inscription: .‘_‘Rest in peace~,—until 
meet again.” 4‘

Enthusiastic Auditor (at the opera)—Didn’t -
she do the aria divinely! B ai-ding-House ,Kiss’
—Huh! ' You ought to hear at on our graphoé "-
phone! - ‘ __  .

Mrs. Kicker—That little Jones boy has such
beautiful table manners. Mrs. Bocker—Yes_-..hﬁ'
mother always‘ feeds him at home before heliif
invited out. .1-’,

    
    
  

 

 

Mamma—-Come now,- Harry, it's past 3 . 
time to get uni. Harry-—Never mind, .4 ., ~
I'll just stay in bed till my time comes .... '
328111., V , ,- .’

 
    
  

 

 

She—I see an average of  persons are A
in the United States by lightning. H .. ‘
clear, that should be a warning to you 1:93 
malge yourself too attractive. =  t

It is claimed'that printers are peculiarly . V
to consumption. and those who.‘ doubt this s - ~ 
take a day of and watch the around - .

 
  
 
 
 

  
       
   
  
     
   

   
 

»"‘

 

Q . * « .3 '

Little Bella~—Mr._ Squire. do drink  ~
I ani ‘awfully anxious to see you _drbik.- _:«., r
Sauirel-—What makes you. so anxious, '
 Bella-g-—“0h. ma said you 

--’ . . _ A

    

    
   

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  

HAT would you do? What would your you '0" 33 “'97 In 3850508 lhwnndi of other

7 wife and children do? men—-no matter where you live-no matter what
' _ your circurns_taneeI.

_ Suppose your employer notiﬁed you to- At least find out how, by marking and mailing

,3“-row that he dun’: nced ygu any longer? the coupon printed below. There’: no cost or

‘ - _ obligation, and it takes only a moment of your time.
Hue you any ldca when you mum get an but it may be the means of changing your whole life.

l .. ?
pqsmon ’ Mail the Coupon T o-day!

. , 4 ‘
Y0}! W°“1dn t hall’? t° W°}"'Y if Y0“ We" INTEINATLONAI. connesrouosucs aouoou
trained man. You wouldn t have to spend . 3" “’”'°' ““"""- "*-
_ _ “ " Wxthout cost ‘nr obligation. please tell me how I ean.guoll In ,
your mornings rcadmg the Want Ads and lb! Dooluon or All the mute: before which I ban mark I!) :

. . on as
lhen trudgmg from place to place, meeting ;n&.::.;‘;§?...;_:?‘ nnnmgxzeigﬁgtn?
rebuﬁs and discoura rnents, xling, up lDlll$, '?h.mmnms”uifsuu ' Boturlatun
8° .-
. . “ . - ,, . ,1 home Management Show Cord [Mining
.» ‘ﬁnally wxllmg to do anytlnng If only you _ -’ ‘1:dwB-nu" L“ gtenoenxg‘ 1:213 mm
. ’ ‘ rut ‘ udxg
.  get on somebodxs payroll. Nicholson crlu. Awmxnllhgpl‘)  Clark
’ . . igliokkaenlnx (aural sehoolsubyeeu
Dont have thxs spectre of unemployment ....'.?S?.s“""ﬁ ,~,,,,,, ,,,g.,,_“*,,,,"°°' *“,'—j,"c“_:,_,M_

' ' — TEGHI O L AND INDUSTRIAL
tangxng over your head forever. Tram your E , I A mmmcollﬂiﬂ

3

   

-. f to do some one thing so well that your “Magic”,
Iervines will be in demand. Employers don't Mm ,,,,g'!",,:;'g',;
discharge such men. They promote them! "““§,§£“‘“m, »
Y
‘Decide to-day that you are going no get the spe- sumlyhiiynd ” '
_ liaed training you must have if you are ever a.
A - to ‘get a real job and 3 real ulary. It is easy I‘,
’-a "'1', “7' I - !E'.'_'_'.. l 3-0:»
ﬂight at home, in the odd: and end: of spare time my ~ nﬂ ‘ '
' now go no waste, you can-prepare for the, 
' ,0“ Wu" in the wotk you like hen." Fm. ‘COOS rcudlnl in 03:41 .n-.z4"'.".'.'.§"‘cn.. enrol In .53 ‘annoy \ }

. 1) Correspondence Sehools_ will train 5...; c..,..,....;.....

1 * ‘

   

 

 FREE

RADIO
1-Tube Set

Rush your name and address and learn how you ca

 

n
get u Guaranteed one tube vacuum set Complete .

ABSOLUTELY run:
Write today for Free Radio Plan

IEIIABLE SALES 60.. DEPT 312 434 BIIIAIIWIY. ILY. .

rHR"o'w vdiﬁi voic

Under the table, into n
Trunk. down Cellar or
anywhere. Our lessons
in VINTBILO U18)!
teuehes you. Wi h our

VENTRILO

(ﬁtsin the mouth and
cannot be seen) you
imitate Birds. Ani-
mals, etc. without
moving our lips.
This out t and book of i-
JOKES by mail for 10'‘. '

l'nln-rsal Dist.

 
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
     
  

  
 

Big. Handsome. Dreued. Sleeplﬂl
Doll lent prepaid for selling ONLY
18 PACKETS new El hi! Per-
fumed sachet Powder A 10:.
This is 1 Special Olferto introduce
our nehnt.
We olno give Mun) Dolll. Walking
Dolly And premium: for hay!-

UNION'NOV1-ILTY C0.,
Dept. 49 Pawtucket, R. I.

order to get them I am going to give.

._ju5t, g plain, stmight;-forward proposition.

do in rd 1' to compete for’ one of these pres .
0 6 Nothing else is requated of you to win

your name right away. _ _
one o; these presents. The other is open to

ACT AT ONCE!

low.  will give
watch, watch or
you want one of thee ﬁne presents.

This Bearcat Speedster Given

  
   

\ A 'real

clnuy,

..,.,.. w.. .

xnnbo .

 
 

WT0iiEo1= inisi insinismyg

No Strings Tied to This Offer

' b d ' In ’ me.
I want the name; of live on an _K1l’ ab:I;me'§;VF:‘EE' the

‘ﬁne presents shown here. No t;ricks—no strings tied to the offer
ents is to send in

To the ﬁrst two persons in every
state, writing me as explained he-
: choice of these presents.—the camera, wrist-
diamond ring. Do not delay-—nct at once—if

ful 2% H.

Whlctsfepeednnd‘ "*5
'1 eoinfo‘;t.l-Iconoinical “" "

of thoﬂrlt two to write ins (row your IXIID

IMPORTED BEAD
NECKLACE,

 
    
    
     
       
   
      
    
         
      
      
   
  
 
     

      

Bimply fxlgzllie five
' ' - rst names 0 oys or
puzzl-E AND girls-any naiues—out
of the letters in "Great
Lakes Merchandise Com-
pany." It's easy._for eramplc
f"t<i:ake GRlh"a=i1igl{£ or Glxaeat and?
....:....:::r:::..... “E W”

GREAT LAKES MEROHAIIIHSE COMPANY .

More than 50 names can be made. You need
only 5. Then send name: and addresses of 5
eight girl: you know. four in your uei2hbor- '
hood and four in other towns. On receipt of
' same we will mail you an Imported Bead
Necklace. ‘

We will also explain tin easy way to secure
a beautiful 6 jewel Wrist Watch. white gold
filled cue, guaranteed 25 cars. or genuine ,
Manchuriun Lynx Scarf. aiding Camera, '
37pieco tolddecoratedDinnerSet.beoutifu|
electric table lamp. 32 piece Rogers Nickel
Silver Set. and other valuable a:’ticles— __
WITHOUT COST TO YOU.

Everyone sendingin 8 names and ‘.9
addresses of their friends will receive ‘

1
l
i

I

  

  

  

 
 

and writcatonce. Hurryl

ER EAT lAKE8 MDSE. G0.
‘ 340 Well Huron St.
Chicago. Illinois

6 Songs, words and music; 25 Pic-
turen Pretty Girl.|;40 Wu Ito Make
Money; 1 Joke Book- Book on
I.ove_-,1 Magic Book; 1 ‘Book Letter
Writing; 1 Dream Book and For-
tune Teller; l Cook Book; 1 Bale
Ball Book, gives rules for games; 1
Toy Maker Book; Lnngua e o!
Flowers;1 Morse Tele raph A phl-
bct; 12 Chemical xperimentn:
Mar“. Age Table; Great North Pole
‘ Game’ 100 Conundruxns: 8 Puzzles-
12 Games: 30Verses fcr Autograph Albums. Al

the above by mail for I0 on. and ii cte. postage.
Royal Sales Co., Box 940, Norwalk, Conn.

  
    

FOLD ING CAM?
hue: model f n d
umen.Tnkeii 1 picture 2
II l-4 lnenel. Rlﬁld ree
noor lens, good I utter. A
handsome rounl. I! too
not it. It to It once.
RIBBON WRIST WATCH
wniu ol_d ﬁnish cm,
vol:-d win movement.
_ty|mi ocuigun Ihnpe. Silk
ribbon end good clup.

In
All you have to

Stem

everybody, FREE.

wind. stein net. Act now.
'0“ VIII‘ IE.

ﬂyllsli Men‘:
Watch

auto with power-
P. motor. A '0
cu‘.

 

powerful

toovornm.'60 I090 mﬂol onenllanor Sveod In
35 mile; on hour. New model. just like aura Write no
now! Find out ell About this our ei~—I. 1 me your
choice

ho uh above. d. It
or I uranium: own on you: .1‘: 2
at once null your pruarit. noubold It :3 1-

1 ll
CIOIIII Wll-SON. -If-v Dori. I14. Botovla. Ill.

0

800 READY TO
ADOPT
BUFFALOES

Requests for
buffaloes are
pouring into the
Interior Depart-

< merit so fast that

" there

if all applications
should be gr:-mted
would be
nothing left of

. the herd of near-

ly 800 in Yellow-
stone National

‘: Park.

'~ grown
i ture.

lgéj

The applica-
tions follow an-
nouncement that
some of the ani-
mals will be giv-
cn away because
the herd had cut-

its pas-
Some chil-
a.~‘l-(evl for
“little (mes for
pets." A Sterl-
ing, Col., man or-

dren

dered two car-
loads. Another
applicant sought

a couple “gentle
enough to hitch
to the front
yard." A Geor-
gian wanted one
for :1 birthday
present for his
daughter.

The Associated
Press, which sent

the announce-
ment over the
country, received

a letter from a
man in Iowa say-
ing:

“I would like
one of these buf-

faloes you are
giving a w a y .
Whzit and how

old ones do you
send‘.‘’'

D istribution
will begin next
month. Prefer-
ence will be giv-
en to municipal
zoos, many of
which have ap-
plied for a rfew
animals to start
herds.

 

 KAISER
SUPPORTS
WHOLE
FAMILY

FORMER I
I
l
1

Former Emperor.
William has been
e n j o y i n g a
monthly drawing
account of 50,000
gold marks since
Jan. 1, 1924, with
which he was ex-
pected to support;

himself, his wifei
and his ﬁve sons.
and their families
and also his
‘brother, Prince I
Henry, and- his‘
cousin, Prince
Friedrich i.eo—l
pow: 
i

As now consti-
tuted the Hohen-
zoliern - family‘;
comprises abcut
forty heads, fill-
of whom will
share in the ﬁnal ;
Seﬁtieinent b e - 
tween the f(\l‘'.'li(‘l‘
’ “ruling house and
_".Prussia.

The process of

   
   
   
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
  

_inventoi'ying the
various holdings
of the Hohenzol-
$5,: lerns has pro-

 gressed suﬁicient-
E, 1y to enable the

. russian Minis-
;-r _ter of Finance to
«-rt‘ issue a statement
of the temporary
settlements. '

Up to May,
1920, Prussia had .
turned over to‘
' Stile former -Em-L
peror 32,000,000;
marks to enablel
him /to set up his
domicile in I-Iol-,
land. ' Prussia
_ purchased from
" hint a plot in the
heart of Berlin.

 

_9n_ .which the :
Jjggsegit \ “White 
.,Bpuse” is. Dur- i

iiig 1922 William 
ta further in-I
ta i i m e n t of .
M you t $10,000 ’
‘_-1  the .proceeds I
the royal ex-

 

 

Genifne Diamond Ring
‘ ’/ r’ 

$3750

    

 
 

  

  
  
 
 
  
  
 

Ilaots

Ne ssst.: or sell ID cards Arrow
Dress Snap Fasteners at 10c curd.
Easily sold. EARN BIG MONEY
OR PREIIUIS. Order SEAIS or
snaps todsy,ssi-id noinoney. We trust
you ullgoods on sold. 5°,,27-5

A-sdca Opoelsnv 60.. Lancaster. Pa.

Boys and Girls
EARN XMAS MONEY

Write for 50 Sets St. Nicholas Christmas
Seals. Sell for 10¢ a set. When sold send
us $3.00 and keep $2.00. No Work-——Just Fun.

 
 

no 1z—Whi Gold aiied w:i.c'wamim. cosh .
o.‘ shgzq. 16 ifwels. gnsnnteod 25 yesirosn.  0:
. on myuiant of $1.00. then Inst

Semi for catalog

 
  

CAYISFICTIOI GUARANTEED
OI HONEY RIFUIDID

  

THE OLD RELIABLE ORIG
P  INAI. Cﬂgrq J‘E.YsE_;.£R8
Bnossco. :33: ‘°'......"“'.*.'......."~5"‘é*..£‘:""

ins-siiiies

on Gallon of Gasoline

  
 
 
   

We gnsnntei sli other an nearly
double vruent mileage. power sud
' ‘ ' .\iod«-ls (or say cu. truck,
trllﬂ-05'. '- no or stations?! rnxine. Malta old can better
than now. S:-e our mileage nuarsnteos. —

. . . . ...'M mi. Chevmlot , .32 mi. Dod _ _‘,_z3 mi,
Msxwoll. . .30 mi. Overland. i .32 mi. o.i;f.‘..& ,_z4 ma.
Mil-'IKc sunrsntcc on say other ‘tar sent on request.
SENT on 30 nsvvs TRIAL 3:." 3:’;
car in heaviest trsfﬁc without shifting gs-srs. Starts of! on
high in my weather without riining or heatin¢—l"o iorking

or Cll0kiH§- Agents Want .
_ AI -FRICTION CARBURKTOR COMPANY
i.ii|-I Rsyrnond Building Dsyton, Ohio. U. S. A.

   
     
  
   
   

     

.- in get this tiamlsoiiie 14 Kt. gold
il1l_t‘Li Ill&ll'§ watch and chain ABSO-
il'l‘Ei.\' i-‘iii-:i‘ wan-ii has 10 iewel

l.(Vl'i‘ nirm-inem \\'rlti= uxlay—-d0ii't ile- I
l‘l,\' iiir Fill-Jl-1 “'ﬂU'l\ pisii, RELIABLE
SALES CO.. 434 Broadway. Deni. 26‘;
New Yuk city.

   
   

$111’.
so on. ten ﬁgures
rds. What an the wards‘!

Gs: your nhnrs at those I'.ASY;T0-WIN
prizes. Bssiues tha Ford Touring Car I
am in; to live Phonographs. Bicycles.
Golguwstt.-has, Salnrwnre et¢..md Cash
Prius duniluted In as‘: of uio. 5001: i-:1:-l mm and Inkil
cutsrsssnussoonsn ouraoudon srscov ernnic .

. ru.s31§.Dosrhomst. Door. 1 Chicago.

    

  

     
 

11
I
I'll
F1.

011 or Electric Mov-
(lenuine New .\lo_t|ei
vaing Picture .\lm-him-.
iiuii-iiitlniiiiiiail-lc
;?i\'l‘ll frev fill‘
:~'t'lillif.{ 25 puckuiivs
sin-ha-t Perfiiiiiu at
l0l_'f.\' :1 package-. I-Ix-
‘tra pl'(’llIililll of Atl-
t':|ll eiiin IIi(iilP_\' by
liouie. Writ.-

You
your own

uiissloii 'l‘ickel>‘.
giving shows at
today.

ST. NICHOLAS
2814 Glenwood Rd. Dept. 148 Brooklyn, N. Y.

PIMPLES

YsI'IlacuIaQi:Hy¢lIl'IIalPhnp|u, Bisckhmda.
AcneErupu’onsont.hefacaorbody.Barbcr-Iltch.
Eaems.EnlsrgedPcos and Oiborshiny Skin.

FREE Wriestudufrnyft

"A Crass-‘lbs: 8m.”—w l
ISOIVENSJI T X. Kansas CIU.NO.

If Ruptured
Try This Free

Apply it to Any Rupture, Old or Recent.
Large or Sniall, and You are on
the Road That Hss Con-
vinced Thousands.

Sent Free to Prove This

Anyone ruptured. man, woman or child.
should write at once to W. S. Rice, 10-11
Main IL. Adams. N, Y., tur s tree trial at
his wondertu: stimulating application. Just
put it on the rupture and the muscles begin
to tighten; they begin to bind together so
that the opening closes naturally and tho
need of a support or truss or appliance is
then done away with. Don’t neglect to send
for this free trial. Even if your rupture
doesn't bother you what is the use of wear-
ing supports all your life? Why sutrer this
nuisance? W11; run the risk or gangrene and
such dangers ruin a small and innocent lit-
tle rupture, the kind that has thrown thou-
sands on the operating table? A host or inn
and women are daily running such risk Just
-because their ruptures do not hurt not pre-
vent them from getting around. Write at
once for this free trial. as _it is certainly a
wonderful thing and has in ‘led in the can
of ruptures that were no big as a man’: two
lists. Try and write at once. ulng the cou-
pon below.

Fros tor Rupture

,5 O

. Rice, inc..
i0—D .\l;u'ii St . .\daiii<, N. Y.

You may send me entirely tr-sees
Suiuplo Treatuient of your stinuiutinf
application for Rupture.

Nnuie

............-........aooo-........-.

iddi-esa -..................—................

'coLU.\isiA )‘0\‘EL’I‘\' 00.
Dept. 551, lflnst Boston, Mass.

State- 

 $7

 LITTLE ABS

6

    
   
      
   
  
     
       
     
        
 
  
    
     
 

   
 
 

Write to Ribcr 9 King, Advertising Oﬁices, 1133 Broadway. New York City, or
19 East Madison Street, Chicago, for particular: about adgﬂtiriug we magazine.

AGENTS WANTED
AGENTS. Bi; Proms! Braided Bugesli me rage. H
direct. one-hail store prices! Quins returns. ire-
nendoue uemaml. Alpern Bronx. 1316 summer. Clielriea»,
Hem ‘

IAKE MONEY in your Spare Time. Easy to nuke 8}
to $2 an Hour by following our _lnstruct1om.’ .\o
lone: or I-Lrperiuice Seeexauy. “rite 'i'UiJ.\\ for
particulars. (Josie nothing to investigate. American
Produv-u Co.. 2077 American Bldg” Cincinnati. 0.
IADlD—\‘our Opportunity! 55 to $10 an hour [or spine
tine won: at home. Technical knowledge unneces-
Qry. Build but low-price Tube Sela. Quick Gvllel‘-t
AUBIJRN RADIO C0.. Dept. (7, Cincinnati, 0.

§ PROFIT DAILY scllinl nemlleuoou; uonu 3::-5c

PERSONAL

GET A SWEETHEART. laxcnauce ieture. Write Inn
enclosing stamp. nulet Bey. l.)enn.ean. Ohio.
HUNDREDS :ee..m; marriage. ll uucera eucloee sump.
Airs r. \\'lll:el'u. 23:5 brusdwey, Chicago. Illinois.
HUNDREDS! WEALTHY IEIBERS went to marry.
List tree. Club B-W22. Wichita, Kansas.
LONELY HEAlllb-l have n sweetueart for you. Ex-
change letters; nntkc new friends. Emcient. conﬂuen-
tlll sud digniﬁed rvlce. Mernoera everywhere. Eve
Munro. Box 903, J ckeonville. }‘l0I"i.lg_
IARRY lF LONELY "llouu Mater"; huuurmu rich;
relleble: year: experience: descriptions tree. The suc-
cessful Club. Box 556. Oekland, California.

encii: sell 23c velue 500‘ 3 Iunpkn 250. Write for ‘Ann|AgE pAp§g_,g.u, . 31 km 1 _
tee c:'tuo¢t‘goo.ﬂ'N«dlebo0k' Sveclllty 00.. 661 Bro-ab mm. 1: . names Lnd":4tid_res=ee. 35' tglnliucligo
III. » 0' . other fee. Sent Iealed. Box 2209 B, Boston, Mus.
IARRY—Perticuiars tor stomp. l-‘. Morrieou. s-3053
HELP WANTED w. Hddn-n Street. Seattle. \\'esh.
IARRY—-l-‘roe plnowgraplle directory and description:
.§.‘I£,EJ ‘1S";'_¥i:';Mo°nWi°'n ‘yam’ ‘gt,’ dfggnmf“ “'.m. "é""fl." or wealthy me_mben. Pa’: when married. New Pisn
laldvk. 521 Weetover Bldm. Kane:-I ('ily, Mn. ' I 0°‘ "'9" ‘W’ I"“““ rm" M°'
"* 1° o— I  .- IARRY—IARRlAGE DIREOTORY with photos and
‘:.::ku.n-pt:a:(,'.°°  ’°3’:;';n’:‘_“I""‘g‘:r'  descriptions free. Pu when nnrried. The hxweuxe.

k d I months home study course or money refunded.
Eoellent opportunities. Write for Free Booklet. C31-
10! Stand. Business Training lmn... Buffalo. N. Y.
ICTECTIVES NEEDED EVERYWHERE. \\'urk home

C’ travel. experience unneeeeslry. Write (lonrze R.
Werner. Inrrner Govt. Detective. ltlsﬁ Bros-lvverv. N. Y
OlLVER1NG Mirrors. l-‘ranch piste. l-Iaullv learned: im-

nense Droﬂni Plane true. Wear Mirror works.
heelsior Surimze. Mn.

HELP WANTED—FEMALE

Kill IMIEY WEEKLY. such time. home addressing.
-nlling. Music circulars. Send doc (or music.
lI!¢nIeI.ion. New Enzlend Music Co.. 118 Asylum S1,.
Y-4. Hartford. Pnnn.
A GOIFOITAILE living. Horne, revving for us; any
-wind machine; ty. country: no cenrasslng. Send
Iallnid adnlrenwbd envelope. Hon:e_ Industrlen Co..
lbomlleld. New Jam-v.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED

ITORIE3. POEUS. PLAYS.etc., are wanted for publi-
atlen. Submit uss. or write Literary Bureau. 515
Enlanll’-all Io.
bursaua r.. uuumnce: Corn-spoml with your
ldell. I-‘ur arrlrulnrs auldre-es: V
NAT 0.\‘AL LETTER C-1&8»
Box 855. Lori Angelou, Cnllf.

Pyorrhea

canlestoppellnzdioure
It you suffer from Pyorrhea. sore and
gpongy gums. loose teeth or other
month irritations. I want to send on
my simple borne treatment under 9

wrapper. It stops Pyoi-rhea in its
worst form, and is curing thousand!
after everything else felled. Simply
and name for generous 10 day free
lrlal otter of my seer-at borne treet-

t. Addr in Laboratories,
"°a'-it Guewa°y"su¥. fume city. mo.

 

ctscuaedlunarlvenrvclvilind coeeuvoe
’ Geitre enﬂrrennboeld write for his in!

udpegnytedslsnmallnarlsonhewerld. ‘

IIICTIIIT Dolled C
III! ‘IIIALII It eiﬂﬂ.
IIDOSNOUIII.

Dept. 515. Knneal City, Mo.

lARRY—Wrlte for big new directory with photos and
-leecriptiorir. Free. Nations Agenq, Dept. A.

' E. Kansas City. Mn,

8WEETHEARTS' Correspondence (‘lub. Stunpe-i en-
velom for sealed proposal. Lillian Sproul. Station

3. vlovalsnd, uhlo.

lARRY——Wl-LALTIIY ynunz lady. pretty. wants honor-
ahle huslwmd. Eve B-1022. Wichita. Kenul.

LONELY HEARTS. Join our club: we have 1 corn-

. deectlvtion
Slander-.l Corr. Club. Graylleke. lll.
LDNESDIET Find your sweetheart. Vest member-

ship. conﬁdential. no emblrnssmsnt. Bertha Frans.
949 Montnua SL. Chicago. .

TOBACCO HABIT
TOBACCO GI’ Snot! Heblt cured or no pl]. $1.00 ll
cured. Boned: rent on trial. superb; Co., Pa,
Baltimore. Md.

SONGWRITERS
THE WORDS FOR A 80NG—\‘l‘e cornvaeo
submit your poem: to as u, once. New York
405 J. R052: Bl'Il., new nor;

?PllVll’LJ.*)S

CAN BE CUBED. If you Inﬂcr from plin-
plee. ecne. bleckheedn, brown spots or erup-
lion: 1 went to uelld you simple home
treatment under plain wrapper. It IIVG me I
eon. velvety, smooth and radiant complexion,
and cured thousands or men end women.
after everything elle failed. slrnply send
name for gene:-one 10-day free trial ole: of
my secret home treatment.
W.  v;vAIumN,
In any Bl 3.. Kuuee City. '0-

WRITE
music.
.\1o'u I, t“nrnoravlnn_

I —————0LD MONEY WAN'l‘ED—:— I

82 to EACH paid for “hundreds of old
coins. eep ALL Old or odd money, it may
be VERY valuable. Send 10 cts. for ILLUS-
TRATED COIN VAL BOOK, (:6. Get

Pos . e ay . SH.
‘CLARKE CO H CO.. Ave 13: I430’; N. Y.
_ GeHl’i‘|lol”'°Ol0¢fII.IJ_‘n_:Fm

introduce enrsweet Sr
elaet wewilleendthierlu.

at Ivlthyevthne
...:-.“§~ rm:

Leather’

 
 

LOST ROYAL
TREASURE
DISCOVERED

Early last year
the archives of

[King Nicholas of

 

x
i
i
l

l
1
l

I

- beautiful

Montenegro and
some valuables.
mostly foreign

orders, were ac- '

cidcntally di<cnv-
ered at Cettinie,
b u t i t w a s
‘thought that the
majority of the
g 01 d
and silver plate
with which the
little palace had
been—for a king--
don} tiny and far
from rich—abun-
dantly supplved.
must have been
taken by the ene-
my.

An official of
the Ministry of
Finance, h ow-
ever, who h s re-
cently heen in la-
greb on tempm':t-
ry duty, happen-
ed while there tn‘
ask for a room in
a Government_
building which he
could use as an
office. He was
told that the only
room svailable
was being used as
a storeroom and,
Jiearing that the
packing
with which it was
ﬁlled were the
property of tit!
,late King Nicho-
las, he was inter-

ested and began
to examine then.

covered that they
were full of the

consisting 0!.‘
large

description.

dollars and

G o vernqezf

casea__


‘.3

It was soon :lie- -

missing treunn. ~

quentitieomg 
of gold and pihlt "
vessels of 
plate is valued at; _
many minions d." '

\

I

.11

4‘
-u

   

 

 
  

 
    
  
     

 u EOECIIIS.

I
fesslon.
charge.
Finger Print Expert. Hurry!

Work on Real Gases

Every month I'll send you “the dope" on l:]0t of wanted men for whom rewards are posted.
give you their photographs, ﬁnger prints, Bertillon descriptions and Reward Oﬁers.
It's practical work.

your own Bureau of wanted criminals.

Learn At Home!
30 M'mutes a Day

Study this interesting work at home in your spare
Half an hour a day will be enough. In
I few months. you will be an expert, capable of
handling a high salaried position. My course will
give you just the training you need. Share in the
many big rewards this profession otters you. Start
New to take advantage of this opportunity.

Write

andFind0utAboutTlu'sOffer

Send for complete information about this unusual
opportunity. Besides the free outfit, I will give
on absolutely FREE a Course in Secret Service
Intelligence, so you will be thoroughly equipped to
handle any branch of the work. 'lhere are big-
ying, interesting jobs waiting for the trained
nger Print Expert. The sooner you start, the
bigger your chance for reward. Fill out the
coupon right away. Send it TODAY.

U. 8. School of Finger Prints
7% N. Clark $3.. loom 10-98 Chicago. Ill.

Finger Print Outﬁt’

am making this wonderful oiret‘ to those who enroll right now to learn this fascinating, big-payinﬁprzti

Just think, I will give you a line professional
The outtlt is exactly like the one I use myself.
Take advantage of this special oﬂer before it is withdrawn.

Finger Print Outﬁt absolutely FRE
It is just what you will use when you are I

I'll
You build up
it's great.

Big Salaries-
Rich Rewards

The nation wide demand for ﬁnger print ex ‘érts
is increasing every day. The <u«‘<-e.<<i‘ul. hghly
paid Secret Service men and Detectives are the
ones who are trained in the Finger Print Profes-
sion. lf you can read or write i-Imzlish, you can
acquire this training in a few months. You need
no previous experience and some of our most sue-
cesstui graduates have had only.a common school
education.

I7. 5. SCHOOL 0! FINGER PRINTS. loan 10-98
7003 N. Clark St.. Chicago. Ill.

Without any obligation wh:itso+-ver. nlease send

me full information about your Free Finger Print

Outﬁt. Also tell me how can become a Finger
Print Expert.

/Name”......................Ase..... . . . . ...



1

City........-...............Stlte..........$

.4 ..

 l

 

s "  32

PYTHOyS SOLD BY THE YARD

When shows and museums find it necessary to
replenish their stocks of pythons and boas, they

, usually have to buy them by the yard, according
to Popular Mechanics. New York forms the cen-
ter of the snake-importing industry in America
and each year men go from there to Africa, In-
dia, Sumatra and South America, returning in
the spring with hundreds of the big reptiles. A
seven-__foot python can be had for about $20, ac-
" cording to snake dealers, while a length of 25
 feet—found in the regal specimens from Suma-
‘ ' tra-—runs the price up to $600 or $700. Boas
come smaller. Sixteen feet is said to be the max-

imum at an age of eight or ten years. In price

gléﬁe also start at about $20 and run as high as

 

THOUSANDS OF FROGS STOP MOTOR
TRAFFIC
Returning from Salisbury after a hard rain,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Brown of Delmar, Del.,
had rather an unusual experience and one that
g has caiised much comment and many different
I theories.
~’ _ Near Leonard's Mill, grobably a mile from
- the town, Mr. and Mrs. rown noticed that the
highway seemed a moving mass of tin dark ob-
jects through which they were unabe to pass
‘ witﬁout crushing them, so they left their ma-
,.—_ * chine to investigate and found the road a mass
4 » of frogs, great and small. Brown sa a there were
thousands in the distance of a mi e.

No one knows where they came from, unless,
according to tradition, it‘ “rainai" frogs. Many
othgtr travelers stopped to look at the curious
sig .

PLANS 50,000-MILE TRIP IN 35-FOOT BOAT
_ , Capt. Thomas Drake of Victoria, B. C., is about
to start acruise which should break all previous
; records for small boat v He expects to
5;’ travel well over 50,000 mi es in.his little thirty-
. - ﬁve-foot cruiser, the Pilgrim. On a previous
round-the-world cruise he covered 37,000‘ miles
and he ﬁgures that 50,000 will not be too much
for his next voyage.
\ The Pilgrim will cross into the Atlantic by wa
Aof the Horn and up the st coast 01 Son
America. From there she _
ﬁo.the_ skipper may stay for a while at his old
ome in Kent. From there she will go to the
 Mediterranean, which thecaptain is anxious to
.  . look over at leisure. The Pilgrim will returnby
A  wﬁof the Suez Canal.

 

 
 

A  e.' 0;: his previous 37,000-mile cruise, last-
ing from 1916 to 1919, his 'ences varied
- ktoarrest sea exlcan rebel and

  

  

 PLAYXATE IS SAVED BYDOG
IE1» and '|[re.’Jamec ,W.. Johnson of Lee An-

 
 
  

FAME, AND FORTUNE WEEKLY _,
HERE AND THERE

 

tourist camp, are rejoicing that they still have

their baby girl, Maxine, thanks to the almost hn-_ 

man intelligence of Big Jack, a huge bulldog, be-,
longing to Arthur Darling, a Santa Fe em-
ployee.

While the father was downtown the child wan-
dered near a lake, where she made friends with

the dog. In some manner the child fell into the ,,

water, which is several feet deep. Cries were

5.

' I

heard by the mother, but she was unable to reach 
thelbaby. She then ran about the park for help, ’

ﬁnally attracting the attention of other tour-

t. . .
ls V‘Vlien the tourists arrived they found Big Jack,
had plunged into the water and dragged the child

 

out onto the shore and was standing by,.refusing,g_;

to allow any one except the mother to touch her.

The rescue party would have been too late to save 

the child from drowning.

ll cross the Atlantic ,

1: adventure will be nothing new for Captain I

- 4h'edsy‘reee’ntlyinth_e_Hewton.

LOOK, BOYS!
. ‘ 'IRAPI:ZEE

 

ALMOST HUMAN IN rrs _ {
ACTIONS! » ‘

It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow‘ ;

» Five Different Stunts-
THE FLYING TRAPEZE — Release the.
tri er-pi_n and the ﬁgure swings for-.,
war , gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a soinersault in the air and catches ,-
a cross-bar by his heels. .
THROUGH THE LOOP—A swift swing .
and he goes through a wire loop, makes '1
a turn and, catching by his heels, swim a
head downward from a bar. . _
'l‘HE_ GIANT SWING—He goes forward ‘
witha rush, releases the trapeze, catches E
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes '
two swift somersaults in the air and .
catches b his heels again. ", l
He pe orms two more horizontal-bar 2
acts‘w-ith the grace and agility of a six» ‘\’

l
l
lete. i
I
E
E

muted.
The Most Wonderful’ Toy "in
the World!

PRICE $1.00

The collapsible stand and the little man
kin are neatly packed in a handsome bed’,
. Delivered anywhere in the United States '
receipt of price. Address . I ‘ ‘.
WOLFF NOVELTY 00.. . .
W. 28d St..‘New York City. N,‘!‘,',?

   

The Acrobatic .Wonder Toy. 1 

man accurately performs like an ath-p  .:

cus star, and many new ones can be in- J‘

   
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
       
     
        
        
       
         
  
    
 
     
        
     
      
  

    