BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER

MAY 2: ‘1924 Price 8 Cents

         
   

 

ccjvg THAT MAKE RQECEINIEY3

§5L';.'9& L

,  Fm@mm‘@m ‘U‘[i]D[ED@ zawm MUN  
HE ADVENTURES or A sMAnrBnv.\.;
/.71-Z/" gm A/9'/V J/vo Or//5370953 .

'E‘‘\

The masked men were taen completely’ by rprise wen Bo oauddenly appeared at the cel-
lar window angi turned a. ' of ling hot tar full upon them, pepperiug
them and the tire y had started ' 11 equal impartiality.

         

     
    
      

3 " 2‘ Are You iA‘Radio Fan? Read 'P%_% 24 and 25
i I 0, 0
FAME AND Fokiuuesgit LY

H

4‘?

fr
Issued weekly—Subscriptlon price, $4.00 per year; Canada, $4.50: Foreign. $5.00.’  . blisher. lnr-H166
Welt zadltreet. New York. N. I. Entered as Second-Class Matter.
the Pout-Oﬂlce at New York. N. Y.. under the Act of llardlixﬁ.

NEW YORK, MAY 2, 1924

  
  

w
0

No. 970

  Through Thick» and

OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A SMART BOY

r

'1‘ .. _.‘”5§9/¢
y  2/r/.0
rmirm
’fo

r
s.

 

'v By A SELF-MADE MAN

pened that gave them a slight lift in the world.
Bob Ford's mother, his only surviving parent,
died, and the boy was thrown upon the world at
his thirteenth year. When this news reached the
ears of Mr. Maddox a brilliant idea occurred to
him. He would offer the shelter of his home at
Factoryville to the lad, see to it that he got work
in town, and then he and his wifewould enjoy
the fruits of their philanthropy. It was a great
scheme, and it worked very nicely for two years.
Now, however, a second strike had demoralized

CHAPTER I.—-Cast on the World.

“Where have yer been all day?” asked 
Jladdox, taking his pipe‘ from his mouth and -
garding with an ugly frown a bright-looking but
poorly dressed -boy of ﬁfteen who had Just entered
‘ the shabby room where the man was sitting with
_ dirty shoes rched upon the sill of one of
m windows ove ooking the river which ran past

tiebusy town of Factoryville.
“ .“Looking- for work,” re lied Bob Ford, rather
doggedly. for he had litt e respect for the inan
.. who stood in therelation of a half-uncle to him.
.“‘Lookin' for work!” sneered William Maddox,
in a. nasty tone, habitual with him when he was _

. out of humor, which was about four-ﬁfths Of the
‘time. “Yer alwuz lookin’ for it, but yer don't
. main to find it. Yer don’t want to find it," roared
the man with an oath, smiting the arm of his
, chair. ‘I! yer did yer’d ﬁnd it soon enough. 1'11
I could find work in ﬁve minutes if I wuz to
.. Ye’re a lazy,‘ good-for-nothin’ kid, that’:

f ‘ tyer are!"
The boy looked at the great husky man in the
‘r, and wondered why he didn't go to work
if he thought it was so easy to ﬁnd some-
 to do that would bring in the money so
auﬁy needed imthe Maddox home. No one, how-
agvuj, could accuse Mr. Maddox of hurting him-
& with hard work. Once upon a_ time he had
" a fairly ‘industrious mechamc—that was
‘ he married Susan Gray, 9. half-sister of
w ‘. ,3‘ mother, and before he made the unpleasant
r’ thgtjhe world wasn't giving» him a

  

followed by a lockout on the part of the factory”
and shop-owners, so that there was scarcely any
work to be got in Factoryville these days. And
these conditions had been in force for several
weeks. Mr. Maddox didn't relish the situation
for a cent, because his young breadwinner had’
been thrown out with the others. As there wasn’t
a lazy bone in Bob's body, and because he felt a
great sympathy for the unhappy lot of his moth-
er's half-sister, tied as she was to a man who
made life miserable for her, he tried hard to get
work. Because he couldn’t get work to speak of,
Mr. Maddox vented a portion of his ugly humor
on the boy, and Bob, who didn't consider himself

  
  

  

  
  
  

ting tired of being browbeaten. _

cloud of smoke from his mouth. '

“I heard you," replied Bob, starting for the
little kitchen’ in the rear of the house, where he 1
guessed he would ﬁnd his Aunt Susan, as he
called her. , .

f‘Ye_r heard me, did yer?” snorted the 3;;
dropping his feet to the ﬂoor and wheeling
chair about. “Where yer goin’?” . '-

“To the kitchen.” ‘ 

“Well, there ain‘t no call for yer to (via 
kitchen. Them as don't earn their vict’alI'

, thisl house at got no right to cart.’ ,
’ ~ mi,‘ an ta’ m-d gagging. avg:-a “ guess earned more than ever gyotyhoro,
 heads: ..a1tar_th: ﬁrst ‘.“?"°"”.".’ 3°“ ‘*°“"“"¥- ‘ . - »  ..
V .. .. ‘  outside  . ..;What’.s that?’  Kr. 

. WY-/, . '. . '> .

  
 

‘.1 ,o-.'

'  H qtrikef ‘hi h es in hofber
 the :dd.u‘va?u§suagcce:;‘fu-lg: ad-
, u ‘yaars_-before the o ing of our story. had

 in the s op wherehe was em-

  agoli Mr. -Maddox s_oon used
~ «  s, and then he and hirwifé began

    

,4‘.

    
 
 

   
 
 
 

  

 
      

FEB  1925

the industrial conditions of the town, and this was A ‘

under any obligationswhatever to ‘him, wasget-. _ I J.

“I said yer wuz a lazy. good—for-notlf ' kid, 'i ~
d’ye understand?” snarled Maddox, blogriing a O’

 

     
 

 
   
    
        
       
       
      
    
       
     
    
          
      
         
   
    
     
 
       
 
      
 
   
       
   
   
  
   

 made no rr-ply, but opened the door and entered
the kitchen. A plate and a coup and saucer stood
on the kitchen table in readiness for him when he
appeared. .

“Well, Aunt Susan,” said Bob, “I haven't had
any better luck to-day than usual. I tried hard
to get some work at Wade & Butcher's but ”

“You're a liar!” roared Mr. Maddox, now mak-.
'ing his appearance with a countenance as dark
as a black squall. “Yer ain’t tried to get nothin'.
Yer don’t want to work. Yer want to live olf of
me. Well, I won't have it. I told yer this mornin’

that if yer didn't get somethin’ to do to-day yer .

could get out."

‘ ’ “Now, William,” protested his wife, in a con-
ciliatory tone, “Bob has tried, I am quite sure--”

“Shut up!” snarled Mr. Maddox. “What do you
know about it? Did yer follow him around to
see what he was doin’ with himself all day’! Of
course yer didn’t. He ain’t done but three or four
days’ work in six weeks. That's enough to show
me that he doesn’t want work, and I’ve got no use
for anybody that won’t work,"
' “I am sure he would be glad to work if he could
get it.” _

“He can get it fast enough if he’d look for it.
But he hangs around strike headquarters, listenin’
to them tom-fool speakers, and expects he’ll get

- ‘ fed when he comes home. Well, I wonlt stand for
/ 'it—see? This is my house, Mrs. Maddox, and
’ . I'm goin’ to run it to suit myself. I won’t have no

»' _ loafers around it, so you’d better get yer duds
2 .together and hook it right away, Bob Ford, or
;I'll freshen your way wtih the toe of my boot,
 ;, —d’ye understand?"

" /9 » Bob had stood enough. Going upstairs to put

_ his few things together, he then left the cottage.

 
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
  

-4-Z, ,, ‘  II.——A Gallant Rescue.’

 

*1 ‘Bob hadn't the slightest idea where he should
‘ ,,: go. The world was before him,_ but it looked like
a very cold and unfriendly place at that moment.
 He walked.away‘from.tlie cottage at random,
’ JR, and _soon was on the river road. -The river
 road was kept in ﬁne condition: great shade trees
 at intervals‘along,the bank, where the soft,
: -liixuriant grass was kept short by the regular ap-
w. . plication of a mower, and private docks extended
"   into the’ water for the , accommodation of
* boats. From -one of these docks, as Bob is
preached, a small row-boat t 011’ with a Ii 9
" ' imthe stern, and a boy o twelve at the oars.
‘ hlld was exquisitely dressed in _a white

-mm saw that the boy had my little knowledge

 

caught more than one .“crab” in his etforts to
"pQ£e.l¢he-boat forward. The little girl laughed
 frequently, as if she thought his exertions
_, 1’i¢ry~funny‘ indeed. the expression‘ of the
. Bob iwﬂzed that her mi:-th jarred upon

  

   

   

‘2 THROUGH THICK AND THIN

J T ‘' not‘ toward the heart‘ of the town, but away from '

ptbolts,  handed the oars awkwardly and ,

At'any rate, he seemed to he doing. :.
make

 , the ’ Ls. Sndcleiily b'e,los_t- youngest h‘ld Iyi ‘
 l>s"miS!=i t.t-=;:v?-.s,=e.r. wig; eggmes “ n‘ ’

inthe'—.§_§y-'s§__ ._

  

.;.;.'.;.m ' 

grasp, and began to float away, while the blade
of the other rose shining into the air. The girl
clapped her hands with glee, and her silvery laugh
rippled along the shore.

The bov quickly recovered his seat, and then
made a grab for the truant oar. The light boat .
dipped suddenly. As the little girl had bent over ’
to watch him pick up the oar, she was thrown off '
her balance and fell with a splash into the water.

Bob Ford sprang to his feet, rushed down the
bank and out on the wharf. As he did so a shriek
from behind told him that another spectator had
witnessed the accident. The child's sister, a
lovely girl of thirteen. had been standing at the _;
gate of the fence which surrounded a spacious. 1
werl-kept grounds in the center of which stood 
a splendid mansion, watching the two younger
people in some little anxiety, as the boat receded
from the shore.

_ She rushed frantically toward the wharf, call-
ing upon the startled boy, whom she addressed as
Fl'e(l(1l}’, tosave her sister Edith. But Freddy was
utter y unequal to the emergen y. H ' l t
like 2} grtavarli image and watghecd his litscfziinlpiii-
ion rise 0 e su ace a _var away, strugg e for a
moment or two, and then sink for the second
time. Bob. satisﬁed that the little girl would be
drowned unless he was able to reach her in time. ‘
threwhoﬁ’ his hat,‘ jacket and shoes and sprang
into t e water. He was‘a splen id swimmer, for‘-
tunately, and cut through the aater like a ﬁsh.
He reached her just as the water was closing over
her unconscious form for the third time- Grasp-
irﬁg her  byt%ne 8l'l'I‘1},1lle stlruck ogit forhtlli;
S0l'eWl eo er. egir on ewa
watched their approach with a tearful, eagles:
gaze, her hands~clasped prayerfully across her
breaﬁt. Bob urged himself through the water
as t ough it was his natural element. He held
the child’s face well above~the surface, so that
there was no danger of water entering through, 1
her half-parted lips. In this way he soon ‘
the beach formation of the bank. and whenhis ..i-
feet touched bottom he gathered the little girl '
‘in  aiéms and walked ashore. Her sister ﬂew
to is si e as he ascended to the road. ‘ "
t“My_ dartling lsistegl"  cried, “gie ,tears
s reaming rom er eau eyes. ont say .
she is dead! Don't, please! Oh, ,she is so white — —
and still! What will mamma and papa say!’ ‘ ,'
:She wrung her hands in a par('>'xysm._of 31-ief;__ -
Your sister isnt dead,‘ miss, re_p1-ied Bob,‘ _
 She'll be ,all”l'lght in a little Whllég.-r _ _
re er just in time. ,  . " —:1,
“You are a brave boy!" cried the elder girl fa-l 
vently. “You have saved in sister. I shall am‘ ‘i '
Y0'I1l‘,hae8 long as I l_ive,_” she’ ded impulsively. I if .
ir approach was observed from the verinda ‘
oﬁ the malililtﬁ, alllxd sgeiiiiel egrimlitiion  that!‘
aonce. re- ea a ,c ')'nap 
ae'rlgo:'_n, spran . down giie staigsi gzllowcid by‘;
$00 mg gen emsn,a ms’ rnee-theut,
“Myrtle, what has ha pened to Edith? - A *‘
ens, what has happen
her face suddenly 
l

“ .;.:.i's.e_‘.iii.saLtLI.‘x:.x_..i:.;;...s.«.;;._u.:r...s.u.as:r3!£:ai:lE.i.LinIutsla¢;‘.d.i..am.&.m;l...i.;)....:-._. . -.2 .

   
    
  
     

vi‘ 4*”
, ..i .4. ;i.‘...L‘.&.

   
 
     



    
  

     
  

   
   

K
thegat

    

  

 THROUGH THICK. AND THIN 3

Bob. “Look up and speak to mamma. Speak to
me or I shall go mad!” .

“Don't worry, ma'am,” said Bob. “She’ll come
around all right. Carry her into the house, un-
dress her, and give her a good rubbing.”

The well-nigh distracted mother rushed away
with her child, paying no attention to her hus-
band, who tried to relieve her of her burden. He

-followed in his anxiety, and so did'the child’s

sister, leaving Bob to himself.
 Bob returned to the wharf for his things just in
 time to see a boat from«another dock put out to
the rescue of Freddy, who could do nothing at all
with one oar, and but for this timely assistance
must have gone ﬂoating down the river. While
Bob was watching the rescuepof Master Freddie,
he was hailed from behind by a man's voice. He

turned around and saw a person, who proved to be -

the gardener of the lace, shouting and beckoning
to him Bob made is way to the gate.
 ~“l[r. Hastings wishes to see you," said the man,
’ ' ., _opening the gate.
:1‘ “All right!” replied the boy. “But I'm all wet.
I should like a chance to dry my clothes.”
“You'll have plenty of chance to do that, young
man, before you leave here, I’m thinking. You
‘. , saved Miss Edith’s life, and you’ll ﬁnd that Mr.
~‘. Hastings will do the right thing by you.”
- “I don’t know as I have done more than my
duty. You don’t supposethat I was going to look
 on and see that little girl drown before my eyes
 ~ when I can, swim like a ﬁsh, do you '!"
_“I suppose not. Still, some people would think
twice over the matter. Here comes Mr. Hastings.
I will leave you to introduce yourself."

Sr

  

‘ _CHAP'l‘l-ZR III.—Bob Lands in Easy Street.

Mr. Warren Hastings, who now came forward
‘with gratitude in his heart to greet Bob ord, was
the most prominent business man in Factor-yville.
He took Bob by both hands and shook them
“warmly. , «
_“You have placed me under an obligation that
I never can repay, my lad. You have saved the
life of our little Edith. I want to know your
X name ﬁrst of all, and then you must remove your
2* wet clothes so that they can be dried.”
- ‘ “My name is Robert Ford.”
. “You live in Factoryville, ‘or in the immediate
~’ neighborhood, I suppose?”
 j “I did live in town until an hour ago.”
 - “Until an hour ago? You were leaving the
' neighborhood, then, to go elsewhere ?”
 ~'Y es, sir.” / * ~
-3 ‘Your father and mother——-”
‘Bothare dead.”
‘With whonrwere you living?’
‘My mother's half-sister.”
{Were you working at one of the mills before

  

ﬂay shut down‘!

1 _'.’Yes, sir.” '

 5;: *“s:.:;:; "-.=::..‘ 2*"

‘ by  mill, eh?‘
I!‘ -_.¢’ .- .1

 ,1    is on ms: of

   

 

“It is one of the 1'easons—probably the chief
one.”

“Come with‘ me and I will talk with you further
after you have taken off your damp clothes. You
have had your supper, I suppose?”

“No, sir. I have had nothing to eat since this
morning.”

“You astonish me. Then you shall have your
dinner with us. I think I will be able to ﬁt you
out temporarily with some clothes. My gardener
has a son of about your age.”-

Mr. Hastings rang for a servant and gave him
certain orders. In a short time he returned with
a bundle of clothes to the room into which the
owner of the mansion had introduced Bob.

“Now, my lad, take of your sodden garments
and put on these.” _

Bob hastened to do so. .

“Now, Robert, do you care to tell me your rea-
sons for not wishing to return to town 7''

“Well. sir, I am sorry to saw that it is on ac-
count of my Aunt Susan’s husband, Mr. Maddox.
This evening he ordered me out of his cottage,
though my aunt begged him to let me stay.”

Bob further explained the character of the man
he had been living with since he came to Factory-
ville, and told Mr. Hastings how sorry he was‘
that his Aunt Susan was bound for life to such
a disreputable person.

“It is certainly a very sad case, but I do not
think hers is the only example of the kind in
Factoryville. Now, Robert, I should not feel
easy unless I did something for you. You must
let me testify my gratrtude in some substantial
way. You are rather young to embark upon the
world on your own resources. Let me give you
a nominal situation on my grounds here, say as
assistant to my gardener, and then when the
High School opens in town you shall attend it;
You will continue to live on these premises, and
attend to such odd jobs as your time will‘ permit
of. What do you say ?”

Bob was delighted with this proposal, and ea-
gerly accepted it, much to the satisfaction of Mr.
Hastings; but unfortunately for Bob events soon
transpired which broke up'tl1is pleasing arrange
ment. As soon as he was dressed Mr. Hastingb
took him downstairs and presented him to his
wife and daughter Myrtle, who bothpraised his
bravery and Pl-esence of mind in warm terms and
ﬁttingly expressed’ the gratitude they felt tohard.
him for saving the life of their little Edith. Bob
dined with the family that evening, and proved
himself a very bright and entertaining guest. He
was assigned to a neat spare room in the loft
ever the stable and carriage-house where the
coachman and footman slept, and next morning
was put in the gardener’s charge.

That afternoon Mr. Hastings sent out to him an.
excellent working suit, and a fine best suit, to-‘
gether with an ample supply of underwear,

such other things as he would naturally requires 

Bob found his_ new position in life very satis-
factory. In addition to the outﬁt of ‘clothes and
other necessary articles furnished the boy by
Mr. Hastings; he was also the recipient of

"I . ..
elegant little gold watch d chain  by ' ‘

Mrs.,E_astings, and two llanndsoms znd valuable»,
scarf-piss hon

 

 
 
 

 

 ‘t.

 

 

' ~ ‘now. I can tell you that, Aunt Sue.
friends who would make it‘ pretty hot for him -

‘I  said

‘at-°"”‘a;
-- you ere.
' “back so soon."

4 _ THROUGH THICK AND ‘THIN

CHAPTER IV.—-Bob Overhears a Plot.

Bob had been a week at the Hastings home
when he decided he would pay a visit to his Aunt
Susan, and let her know about his good luck. He‘
chose his hour for calling soon_ after dark, when
Mr. Maddox was accustomed to go to a neighbor-
ing saloon to pass some time in the society of
congenial spirits. As he approached the cottage
whose roof had sheltered him for the last two
years he saw Mr. Maddox come out of the door,
walk down the road a short distance, and then
turn up a side street.

The nearest saloon'was two blocks away in that
direction, and so Bob was satisﬁed the coast

v would be clear for a couple of hours at least _7
He advanced b ldly up the little yard to the

kitchen _door a knocked. Mrs. Maddox answered
the summons and was both surprised and delight-
ed to see Bob standing there on the step. She
drew him inside, kissed him, and after bolting
the door, led him into the rmeagerly-furnished
sitting-room.

“Mr. Maddox has been like a bear since you
went away,” said the patient little woman, putting
the corner of her apron to her eyes: “He is very
angry with you, and swears that if he ever meets
you again he will half kill you."

“It wouldn't be healthy for him‘ to touch me
' I’ve got

it he laid his hands on me.”

“Why, Bob, what do you mean? Tell mewhat

I Ins occurred since you left us a week ago."

“That's what I came here for, auntie. You
will be surprised td learn that I am now living
about a mile from here, on the river road, at
the -home of Mr. Warren Hastings, president of

'. _ the Empire State Woolen Mills.’’

“Is that possible?” exclaimed his aunt, in great
astonishment. .

“Yes, auntie; and this is how it happened.”

‘Whereupou Bob gave his only relative a faith-

'- fnl ‘account of his adventure that night on the
‘ river which led up to the establishemnt of such

ntislactory relations between himself and the
Hastings family. . '

“I am lad you have been so fortunate,’
. Maddox, in a tone which left no
doubt as to the sincerity of her words.
I ‘At that moment the knob of the kitchen door

“: "was rattled violently, and then several heavy
, thumps came upon it.

fly gracious!” exclaimed Mrs. Maddox, all oi
“That is my husband. He mustnt
I don't know what brought him

“flllaybe he wants somcthingand will go away

‘ r again.”

“Then you had bettdrl get into that closet, and
 try and  himuout again as soon as I

 “All right, auntie,” replied the boy, retreating ”
_ ie the closctjn question.

_ g c   kitchen door was repeat-
   'vi:¢r- showing» that ..

 

. seves.':m too wen 
  »so«"st!»s

   

“Why didn’t yer let me in at once?” demanded
Mr. Maddox, when hi9 wife openedgthe door.

“I came as soon as I could," replied the little
woman, with a look of uneasiness when she found
that her husband was -accompanied with a visitor.

“Then go upstairs .and go to bed,” growled the‘

boss of the cottage in a surly tone, pushing her
ahead of him. _ _ ‘.

“But I am not through with my work yet,” she
protested.

“Whether you're through or not. I don‘t want
yer around—d’ye understand?” he said, in a
threatening tone._ ‘

How to get the boy out of the house without
her husband's knowledge was a serious problem
to her. ' _ ‘

“Well, why don’t yer go when I tell you?"
roared Mr. Maddox, more ugly than ever.

“I’m going,” she answered, meekly. ' -

“Then go,” he said, roughly, as they entered

the sitting-room, giving her a rude push toward

the little hallway.
“If I ketch yer listenin’ to what we’re sayin’

down here I'll be the death of yer,” he snarled,

slamming-the door in her face. “That's what a
feller is up ag’in when he's tied to a female,"
he growled to his companion. “Take a seat, Jim,
and make yerself comfortable. I’ll make some

hot water, and we’ll have a toddy,” he added. ‘r1k- '

ing a black bottle and placing it upon the table.

Then he went into the kitchen, ﬁlled the tea
kettle, and put it on the stove to boil, adding some
chips of wood to the almost extinguished coals,
and fanning them into a blaze. While the water
was heating he gota couple of tumblers and the
sugar bowl. ' .

“You have a cozy place here, Bill,” remarked
his companion, looking around the room ‘whose
only virtue was extreme cleanliness.

“Cozy,  jiggered. It would be all right if I
had the money to fit it up like it used to be.
That’s the fault of them blamed sharks that are
always takin’ the bread out of the workin’ peo-
ple's mouths.” .

“Ain’t that what I’ve always said, Bill?’ said
his associate, complacently.

“Sure yet have.
strike six years ago if the fools hadn't give in
to the bosses.
Ain't they had to strike ag’in?

Serve ’em right for a
donkeys.” ‘

In a moment or two he went into the kitchen
and returned with the steaming kettle. Then he

poured out a liberal allowance of liquor into each ’
glass, added some hot water and sugar, and ‘ ~

stirred the compound. ,

“Here's lookin’ at yer, Bill,” said Illim, ‘crooking ."—"”‘

his elbow.

We might have won that 

Well, what did they get by it‘!; ,
Now they can't " '
go.back, ’cause the bosses have locked ’cm out. - 1
parcel of mealy-mouthed 7 ‘

u

 

 

“Same to you, Jim Rolfe,” answered Mr. Mad-M! 

dox, swallowing the contents of his glass. _
“Now, let’s get down to bus’ness,” said Rolfe. -
“Go ahead. I'll listen to you,”. he said, as h
took up the bottle. . - _.
“Yer see, somethin’ has ‘got to be done _ 
the bossesof the  lvni1d§n’s~t§ih3j
any been arrangcdff ‘

 

 

  

. .

..

  
   
 

  

 

' ‘ and*help,”.he said.

strody some of them ﬁne residences down the
roe ’_’
‘ “Well,” said Mr. Maddox, pushing the second
whisky toward his companion, “how is it to be
done,'and who's gain’ to take the risk a-doin’ it?”
“_It kin be done _easily enough,” nodded Rolfe,
taking a gulp of liquor.
V “How?”
Rolfe winked one eye sagaciously.
, “I’ll tell yer if yer agree to stand in with me

_ “Me help? What for?”
“For the good of the cause,” grinned Rolfe.
“Blow the cause! What do I care about it,
anyway? I ain't been shut out. The cause didn't
dobme any good six years ago when I lost my
50 -' '
“But if there’s money in it, too?” suggested his
‘companion, with another wink.
’ “How much?”
_ “Three hundred dollars if we burn down the

Hastings house, to begin with.”

 

" matter.

“Who’s‘ going to pay it?”

' "_"'?" “The committee.”

“What committee?”

“Oh, a certain committee, of course.”
_ ‘_‘How do you know that?”

“Pm on the inside, and I know, all about the
It's on the quiet, as a matter of course.
"It wouldn't do for such a thing as this to leak
-out among the people, ’cause we don’t know who

  
   
  
   
     
   

 starting to mix

' might turn traitor for the sake of makin’ some-

" _tbin’ by warnin’ the bosses”.

“That's right,” nodded Maddox.

“I promised to see to it that the good work is
started. I can't do it alone, so as you're an old
' chum of mine I selected you. I believe I kin
trust yer." I

“Dfcourse you kin.” '

'. “I know $150 would come handy to you.”

I “Bet yer life it would. I ain't seen that much
_money in years.” ~
‘ “Then 'you’ll go in with me?”

“I will,‘ if it's safe." ‘
, “It's as safe as anythin? can be.” ~ ,

“Well, let's hear the rtic'lars,” said Mr. Mad~
third hot whisky.

 

' CHAPTER V.—Mr. Maddox and His Friend
' ‘ Rolfe Find Themselves in'Hot Water.

— ~‘.‘Ever' since the scheme of gettin’ back at some
of these money-bags’ was, brought up and ﬁggered
>on by the committee I've been hangin’ around
‘them ﬁne housels tryin' to see how the.game could
»‘be workedffor I wanted to get my ﬂukes on that
there money myself.” ' . ‘ ’
Maddox nodded and sipped his toddy}

. “I’ve got into the grounds one way or another.
"Once on a‘_ grocery waggin, ag’in on a waggin

. 7 that fetched some cases of champagne——any old
gray, in ‘fact, that I could. I kept my weather-

liftin’, you kin’ believe, when I got there, and

 
 

" or threeof the“ houses. The Hastings cellar

the ’ ‘est of ‘thedot, -for_ it’; got a big win.

' t 't‘o"be as easy as piecrnsttogforce.’-.’
get _ wlgatthqi "3. . i

I ; iscovered how we kin get into the cellar of ~

"THROUGH THICK AND THIN 5

“What then? ’ Why, we’ll start a nice little ﬁn V ,
that’ll soon spread all over the cellar, and after .
it gets good headway the house will go up like '-

a tinder-box?” - -
“But them cellars are stone, a.in’t they?”
“What of it? The roofs are wood, and the

Hastings cellar I know is full of boxes and bar-

rels that’ll burn ﬁrst-class. They keep a tank of

herosene down there, too. We can draw oﬂ the
oil and soak the stuff well with it, then a match
and some paper will ‘do the rest. We couldn’t

make $300 easier if we tried.” V
“It looks rather risky. S’pose we wuz to get

caught?”

“We mustn’t suppose any such thing. If‘ we .
go to work about the matter right we won’t get
caught.” ~

Mr. Maddox, however, had his doubts, though
they were rather weakened by the whisky he had
drunk, which had also instilled a false kind of
courage into his veins. Jim Rolfe ‘was a speéioul ‘
talker, and he easily met every argument ad— ~~_
vanced by his associate, and went several points .
better, so that he ﬁnally convinced Maddox, who
was hot after the $150, that they had an open-
and-shut game before them.

It was ten o'clock by the time the two rascal:
ﬁnally came to an agreement to carry out their
plans that night some time after midnight. And ‘
during it all Bob Ford stood like a statue in the _ .~
closet, an interested listener to the plot and an.  '
the details thereof. The disclosure had certainly ' -
startled him very much more, especially as Mr. ' ‘,_
Maddox was connected with it. - ' "

Maddox and his friend Rolfe being new of one '.
mind on the project of burning down the home
of Warren Hastings that night, they ﬁnishedtho.
whisky, which seemed to have no more effect on k — _
them than so much water, put on their hats,  ’ 4
prepared to leave the house. I - .

Maddox was to accompany Rolfe home so that v 
the latter could get the tools he needed for the
enterprise; then they were to make their way at
their leisure to the scene of opermions, and put
the scheme into force some time after midnight.
at which hour they judged the coast would In
clear for ‘them to work without discovery. Aa V —
soon as the two men le£t the house, Bob can: 
out of the closet. ~ ~
_ Mrs. Maddox, who had been waiting and watch-
ing upstairs for her husband and his companion
to leave the house—with her heart in her mouth
less some incautious movement on Bob’: part
should betray his presence in the closet-hastened
down as soon as she heard the kitchen door ban; , v. ; 

“Oh, Bob,” she exclaimed, when she entered the ._ -
sitting-room and saw the boy seated in the chair ;_
recently vacated by Mr. 'Maddox. “How ever “" » 
did you manage to stand _it so long in that ’
closet? They were in the house over two hours.

I was in constant fear that my husband migli J

discover your-presence." . ‘ -

“I stood it all right, Aunt Sue. As Mr. ad-t
doxseemed to have no occasion to go to 
closet, why. I was in no particular danger‘
discovery.” _ ~ \ V ‘ 1,
Bob only stayed a few minu_tes longer at tln'_
cottage. Igshe was anxiouatoget back and"teI. "
Mr.Ha8t_.inj_§whatwa_s.onthotapiI.' Onradcb

 
  
 

 
     
      
    
  

  
  

     
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
 

  

so.

 
     
   
    

 

  

 V is right over the window.

 

'riag'ehouse.

7 cellar

 

6 THR(-)UGH THICK AND THIN

ing the house, however, he found only the gar-
dener stirring around the premises. The family
had retired for the night, as had also the serv-
ants. The gardener told him that Mr. Hastings
had received a telegram from New York, and had
taken a late train for the metropolis.

“That's too bad,” said Bob, scratching his head.

“Too bad! Why, what do you mean?” asked
the surprised gardener.

“The fact is he ought to ‘be here to-night. An
attempt is going to be ma e to burn this house."
‘ “My gracious! Tell me about it.” -

Bob,‘ without mentioning names or stating
where he had been concealed, gave the facts as
he knew them to the gardener.

“This looks like a serious piece of business,"
said the man.

“It is serious.”

“Then the police must be notiﬁed. There is a
telephone in Mr. Hastings’ library.”
' “I think you, I, the coachman, and the footman
can manage these rascals without calling _in the
police. Now, my plan is this: You three will
conceal yourselves in the cellar, in readiness to
rush upon them when I give the signal. We'll
leave the cellar window unfastened so they can get
inside. My idea is to catch them in the act of
setting the place on ﬁre. I'll have the hose in
readiness for instant action. I'm going to attach
it to the hot-water boiler in the washroom, which
At the right moment
I'll let them have a dose of the scalding stuff.
That will throw them into confusion. Then you
three can rush out and secure them before they
can recover themselves."

“That’s a fine idea,” grinned the gardener. “It-

will be just the thing. Give them a good scald-
ing while you’re about it. It willbe a lesson to
them, and the police will attend to their case
afterward.”

_ Bob and the gardener went to the coach-house
and stable, awoke the coachman and footman, who

slept in the rooms adjoining Bob’s,‘ and they were '

soon in possession of all the particulars of the
plot to burn ,the mansion and the boy’s scheme
to outwit them. Both of the men were tickled
with Bob's plan, and immediately agreed to do
their part to,put it into successful execution. So
Bob got out the hose.

One end was attached to the boiler in the wash-
room, and the rest of it was coiled inside under
the window, so that all Bob had to do was to get

in at the window, which was left unlocked, throw '

out the hose, turn on the hot water, dash open the
cellar window, and play upon the rascals. By the
time these arrangements had been made it was
close on to midnight.

Accordingly the three men let themselves into
the cellar through the door, and Bob took up a
commanding position in the shadow of the car-
An hour passed away on leaden
wings, and Bob was beginning to wonder whether
Maddox and his pal had given up their scheme
for that night, when two shadows suddenly ap-
peared in the yard.

“They’re here at last," muttered the boy, his
nerves beginning to tingle with excitement.

The shadows advanced noiselessly toward‘ the
window, the location of which Rolfe :had
' acquainted with. The rascals came

. "

  
 

to a pause before it; Rolfe knelt down and tried
it. He uttered an exclamation of satisfaction
when he found that ‘it was not fastened. This
ought to have struck him as rather a suspicious
circumstance, or an instance of gross carelssness
on the part of the servants. ‘v

However, neither of the rascals stopped to con-
sider the matter at all, so eager were they to get
inside. Bob saw them both disappear within, and
close the window after themselves. After wait-
ing a few moments to give them time to look
around and get started -on their crooked game,
Bob ran lightly over to the window, pulled it open
a triﬂe, and looked down into the cellar. Rolfe
and Maddox, now disguised by masks, had lighted
a candle, and were moving about the place, ex-
amining the interior. . The boy began to fear that
they might discover the presence of the gardener
and his two companions. -

In order to be prepared for emergencies, he
brought a short ladder under the washroom win-
dow, mounted it, threw up the window softly, got
inside, and lowered the hose outside. Then he
took another peek at the rascals. Maddox was
piling paper around a pair of empty ﬂour barrels,
not far from the window, while Rolfe was draw-
ing a quart measure of oil from the metal tank
containing the kerosene. \

Rolfe poured the oil over the paper and bar-
rels, and then reﬁlled’ the can. He distributed
the oil over all the wooden boxes and other in-
ﬂammable material in the cellar. All being in

readiness, the rascal knelt down, and with the "

candle ﬂame lighted the paper, which at once
burst into a ruddy ﬂame, throwing out a con-
siderable quantity of smoke. As the tiny jets
of ﬁre began to creep up the outside barrel Bob
concluded it was high time for him to act. He
dashed up the ladder into the washroom, turned
on the boiling water, and then hurried back to
the cellar window.

Throwing it. open with a whoop that would
have put an Indian to shame he stepped in on a

.packing case which stood under it, and dragged

the nozzle of the hose after him. The masked
men were taken completely by surprise when Bob
Ford suddenly appeared at the window and turned
a jet of boiling hot water full upon them, pep-
pering them and the fire they had started with
equal impartiality.

While they were thus thrown into complete eon-
fusion, the gar net and his companions issued
from the place of concealment and dashed upon
them. Their capture was so easy as to be almost
ludicrous, and while the men were tying their
discomﬁted prisoners, Bob, by a well—directed
stream, sdon put the ﬁre out altogether.

CTTAPTER VI.—Abducted.

By the time the ﬁre was out the hose had be-
come a pretty hard proposition for Bob to han-
dle, as the boiling water passing through had
heated it almost red hot, so the boy was mighty
glad to drop it, scurry up the ladder, and tum of
the ﬂow at the boiler. When he came down the

ladder,‘ after closing the window, he found 
gardener and his companions had  

w.
v 1
:2!

I a

  

\

‘ two rascals up out of the cellar. Their arms
, were tightly bound behind their backs, their
masks were oil’, and they looked the picture of
hard luck. '
Maddox had not yet recognized Bob, as his
senses had been in such a state of confusion and
‘{ dismay at the unexpected conclusion of the enter-
.prise in which he was engaged; but when the
7- _ coachman brought a lantern and held it up so
.-that the faces of the whole party were more or
less illuminated, the shiftless husband of Mrs. Sue
Maddox uttered an exclamation of dismay as his
eyes rested on the face of the boy he had thrown
out upon the world a week previous. '
“I see you know me, Mr. Maddox,” said Bob,
in a cold tone’. “I am sorry to see you engaged
in an affair that is likely to land you in the State
. prison for many years.”
“What are you doing here?” cried the rascal,

.. in an ugly voice.

- “Considering that I belong on these premises,

there is nothing surprising in the fact that you
- see me here.” ' _
’ _ “What do you mean by that?” snarled Maddox.
‘ _ “I mean that I’m one of Mr. Hastings’ em-

ployees.” _

= Maddox uttered an oath and then was silent.

' In ten minutes the entire party started for the
‘town. ' They’ didn’t take the River road, but the
street above. There were no lights along the
street until they struck the town proper, then
, the gleamof the gas-lamps threw a ﬁtful, watery

look around at half-block intervals. Not a soli-
' _.tary pedestrian was met until they got well into
 Factoryville, and within a few blocks of the sta-
~ ._tion. Finally the red and green lamp that glowed
‘above police headquarters came into sight, and
theyfdrove up to the door and stopped.

. The prisoners were yanked out of the wagon
 ’with very little ceremony, and marched into the
" 0 staﬁpn, where they were handed over to the police
:, , ' on the charge of incendiarism. Bob and the oth-
, ' ers told their stories, promised to appear next
=7’: A day at the examination in the magistrate's court,
giﬁ 1 and then drove back home, while the prisoners
  locked up for the night in cells below the
sidewalk. ' The morning newspapers had an ac-
~ count of the affair, and when the prisoners were
'  to the bar at ten o'clock the court was
jammed with spectators, the strikers of the mills
‘predominating. ,
,_‘. On the evidence given by Bob and his, fellow
‘ employees in the Hastings 'service Mr. Maddox
_d his pal Rolfe were held for trial. After the

 

  
   
  
   
  
  
    
    
    
      

 

‘Sue, told her the whole story of her husband's
jaecality, and sympathized with her the best he
could. '
~ "'1 don’t blame you, Bob,” ~she sobbed. “But
It’: dreadful to think that William is in jail on
so serious a charge, wlgch will probably send
Mm to the penitentiary.”
‘Bob did all he could to comfort liar, and soon
W , took his leave. -When Mr. Hastings
Vﬁtrned from New York he was much astonished
' lea: about therbold attempt made to destroy
-‘ lie thanked Bob-and his allies of that

 
 

‘ . 

' s_ were over ‘Bob called on his Aunt '

~ arms bound behind his back.
which had been standing at the junction of a side-
the men.

' and the cover. which was perfo .
auger holes, was replaced and screwed down"hy ,—-_ 3
Then the wagon was driven up the ~

street in a direction which would take it away f

from Factoxryville _ p ‘R 

the  theyhad ‘rendered him, and,‘

 

FHROUGH THICK AND 'IHI\N‘ - 7 H

at the boy’s earnest request he promised to as-
sist Mrs. Maddox. As a further evidence of his
gratitude he presented the brave boy with a
check for $500 which Bob placed to his credit in

'a savings bank, and he gave each of his other

three employees $100 each.

Mr. Hastings publicly announced his intention
of prosecuting to the full extent of the law the
two rascals who had tried to burn his house. He
also became very active in probing the complicity
of the committee, whom Bob’s evidence implicated
in the affair. The committee being thus person-
ally interested in the ouicomc of the trial of Mad-
dox and Rolfe, which was set down for the first
week in September, decided to secretly assist the
two men. ’

So theyhired lawyers in a roundabout ay,
and privately voted funds for the defense he
prisoners. As Bob Ford was the nrincipal ‘t-
ness for the prosecution the committee resolv
that the boy must be spirited out of the neiglr
borhood before the trial.
to carry out this purpose. They were sworn to
secrecy, and promised $500 each if they success-
fully accomplished fhis design. '

With the persistency of the redskin of old fol-
lowing a trail, these two men kept a keen eye on

Two men were selected’

a-’

Bob’s movements, ever on the alert for a favor .

able opportunity to carry out the mandate of
the organization.

The boy was hunted up and notiﬁed about the
visitor. The man was standing just inside the
gate opening on the back street. Bob didn’t use
ognize him, and asked what he wanted.

“Mrs. Maddox has met with a serious acci-
dent, and she sent me here to bring you to her.”

“What kind of an accident?" asked the boy, in
great concern. '

“Well, her clothes caught ﬁre at the stove thh .

evenin' when she was cookin’ her supper, and if
it hadn’t been that I was just passin’ the houu
she might have been burned to death,” replied the
man glibly. ’ -

Bob believed his story and said he would ae-
company him to his aunt's cottage. He left word
where he wasgoing, and the cause that called

him away, and then started off with the man. 3

They had proceeded perhaps a quarter of a mile
along the street, which _was always lonesome in
that neighborhood after nightfall, when another
man approached them and asked for a match.

b’s companion said he had none, and turned
to the boy.

As Bob began tQ_search his pockets for a lucifar
he was'suddenly seized and overthrown by the two
‘men. A gag was thrust into his mouth; and his
A light wagon

street was now driven up by one of
There was a long, covered box in it.
Bob was lifted into the wagon, the

the box was taken oﬂ, the'boy de ' maids.

four screws.

One evening a man appeared -
. on the Hastings grounds and asked to see Bob.

cover. d.

.,i_' 

 

         
    
   
  

withadoﬁ .

   
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
   
    
   
  
    

 

few -{ii-~:-: 3-,,  «_,.,_-,~_,-,.» .213‘

CHAPTER VI;I.—Dovvn the River.

The wagon kept steadily along the road for sev-
’ oral hours, the driver and his companion ' g
‘earnestly together, and occasionally ﬁlling their
pi and smoking.’ It was after eleven o'clock
w en they entered the outskirts of a good-sized
town, located, like Factoryville, on the river. The
men drove down to one of the wharves, at that
hour silent and deserted, at the end of which lay
~ 9. small schooner loaded with shingles. Her hold
was guite full, and bundles of the shingles were
~ stacked in a double row on either side of her
-1. L . .

The stops were off her sails, an‘d the upper
booms raised a foot or two, showing that she was
‘ on, the eve of sailing. The wagon was evidently
expected, for a couple of men stepped ashore and
approached the vehicle to lend a hand in getting
, the box ‘on board the schooner. The driver and
’ his companion, however, took the job, upon them-
’, selves of transferring the box to the vessel, and

 it on deck between the two masts where
they were directed to put it. Flasks of liquor
w¢1‘,¢ Produced by the in who came with the
box, and all hands dra in turn until the con-
taste of the ﬂasks were exhausted. About this
‘time the captain came on deck and had :1 short
conversation with one of the newcomers, who ﬁ‘n-
ally passed him‘ a $50 bill. ‘

,'['he master of the schooner. then looked over
the ’vessel’s side, and announced that it was time
tmgct under way. .It was an hour orniore be-
fore the boy recovered his‘ senses. As he lay in his
-narrow quarters, gazing up at the starry heavens,
be?-wondered where he was and what had hap-

been assaulted and made a prisoner by two

inenvhe never remembered having seen before in
—. l e.

  

" _ hag an‘ indistinctf rectililllection hi‘); llieins
driven‘ . oinawanater emn pace
' (in a,  an now as his eyes rested on
theabroad ail above his head, felt the motion of
__ﬂi;,y‘essel, mid ‘heard the faint ‘hum of the wind
 sail, he_ _he was on a for_e-and-aft_
 of some kind which was bearinghnn either
’3...%::°;."i *3: an £'r:"“y  °‘ *'*°
, o e x oo e own a .
Fl->"“8ofyou've come to your senses, have you?”
a gruﬂ voice. ‘ r "
b Studied the man's features in the_darkness
. as he could before he opened his mouth,
arsatisiicd this was the man who had called
, Hastifn is place anliliattollid him, twlhag was:
a sto , t is aun a me
_aecident,;and ad sent him to bring him
. ‘iil‘"'is the meaning of this outrage?” the
naked at.Iength.' : c,
-. man blag‘; yvhiﬂ of smoke fronrhis lips,
‘I330. 110 1‘ Y6 .

are you 

   

  

  
 

   

   

v

 

toh

 

THROUGH THICK AND THIN

' nedito him. At length he remembered how he -

. which he was conﬁned lifted with some care and

  

   

“Because you're not wanted in Factoryville any
longer." .

Bob saw there wasn't any information to be
gotten out of the man who had assisted in his
capture, and was now evidently in charge of him,
so he said nothing more. At that moment eight
bells were sounded.

“Do you want me to gag you again?” asked the
man, leaning down and speaking in a hoarse
whisper. '

“No,” replied the boy.

“Will you promise not to make any disturbance
while the helm is being relieved?”

“I promise,” replied Bob, seeing there was no
help for it.

“All right. I'll take your word," said the man.

He took up the cover of the box, and placed
it in position on top of the box, shutting the boy
in again. Then he took his seat on top of it once
more and waited. A sailor came out of the fore- .
castle, exchanged a word with. him as he passed,
and went to the wheel. The man who had been ‘ .
at the helm since the schooner left her wharf ’ 2'
at midnight passed him in the other direction go-
ing forward to turn in. The follow in charge of-
the box then lifted off the cover again.

“Now you can swallow all the air you want till
four bells—that is six o'clock. I twill be,day- _,
light.tl_ien, and I'll have to screw you up once .9
more till I get you ashore.” » 3

Bob, however, lulled by the splash of the river ;-35
-against the schooner’s sides, fell asleep in half A  ,-
an hour, and when he came tohis senses again -.t
the cover was on the box, and the light-of morn-
ing was ﬁltering through the auger holes.

  
    

CHAPTER AVIII.—A New York Den. .

An hour or two passed very inon \ y to the
boy, who employed the time in tryi ‘to conjec-'
ture the reason for his abduction from Factory-
ville_. Finally he arrived at theconclusion that ‘
some friends of Maddox and ‘Rolfe had taken’
this means to remove the most important witness ~ '
for the prosecution. The schooner arrived within ' ' ‘
sight of Manhattan Island about noon. ‘Another’ ”
hour or more was consumed in sailing down the X
west shore of the island, rounding the Batte '
_and working her way up the East River to t "
wharf where she was to make fast to. It was
about three o'clock when Bob felt the box in

 
      
   
     
   
   
        
     
     

     

 
   
   
 
 
 

carried from the schooner to the dock, where it
was loaded on an express wagon. . I’

The vehicle started off at once,’ turned‘into.
South street, and -was driven for some distance
with several turnings until it came to a halt in‘
an obscure neighborhood that was not regarded’
with much respect by the police. The box
lifted out of the wagon andcarried under I
archway, with a stiongbsmelling grog-sb42$”'

cl

 
   
       
  
  
  
  

 
  
   
  
 

 
  

one sick, and a still more odoraatgold
sho -on the other.

'  brick-paved andﬁlthy
for  to  the

     
   

  

 -L
k

 

 

THROUGH THI K AND THIN 9

a long, reeking hallway until they arrived at a
closed door. The guardian of the box, who was
in front, knocked in a peculiar way on the reson-
ant panel, and after a delay of some minutes
the door was unbarred, unlocked and thrown open.
A cadaverous, hollow-eyed and unshaven man of

sinister aspect received them,‘ and motioned to a

spot on the floor for them to lay down the box.

“I thought yer’d given up yer plan,” he grinned,
when the door closed behind the expressman, and
he had secured it once more against the intrusion
of unwelcome visitors. “Yer were so long put-
tin’ it into execution.”

“Last night was the first chance_ we got for
puttin’ our hooks onto the kid,” explained the man
who had charge of the box. .

“Better late than never, Weaver,” replied the
sardonic one. “Help yei-self to a drink,” and he
pointed to a bottle which stood on the dirty table.

. The man addressed as'Weaver did not require
a second invitation to make free with the villain-
ous compound which went by the name of whisky

. in that locality.

“I'll let the boy out now," he said, smacking
his lips over the dram. “He's a stout young fel-

° low, and .I’ve taken the cords of his arms that

we bound him with at_ first, but I guess we can
handle him all right if he tries Q: cut up any
didos.’

“This will settle him if he acts ugly,” said the
cadaverous man, pulling a slung-shot out of his
hip pocket. “Now yer kin take off the lid._”

Weaver unscrewed the cover and threw it off.

“You can get out now, young feller, and
stretch yerself, but I warn you not to get too
gay or somethin’ might happen you wouldn’t like.”

Bob took advantage of this permission to get out
of the box and look around. He found himself
in a small, dirty and sparselv furnished room,
the only window of which looked out on _a mis-
erable narrow space which could not possibly be

"called either a yard nor an alley, and was closed

in by the walls of adjacent buildings whose height
shut out eve vestige of sunlight, and only ad-
mitted a kin of twilight at midday. Then he
turned and looked at the cadaverous scamp who
presided over the room to which he had been
brought, and the look of cunning and crime which
was stamped on his hard features did not tend
to reassure the boy'-

-"Yei-’ll know me when yer see me ag"m, I

s’pose,” grinned the rascal, as he observed the

penetrating look of the boy. “Since yer have
come here to lodge for a while, I dare say yer
would like to see yer bedroom, eh?”

This ghastly bit of humor seemed to aﬁord the

’ two men much enjoyment, for they chuckled over

it with much zest before -the/wcadaverous man
walked over to a door in the wall and threw it

.°P¢‘-D

“There's yer chamber. If it ain't so well as
what yer’d ﬁnd at the Waldorf-Astoria, _it’s bet-
ﬁg]-*‘n some places I know of. Come here and
look at it.” ’

"Pin not curious to inspect. it," said _ Bob,

“0h,.yer ain't, eh? Think it ain't good enough

 yer! Been used to better!" snarled the cadav-
., , I

“Ifyou try to put on any airs with

onus ,
r   Qt yer-;—d'ye understand?’

_a prisoner in the place.

 

He spoke so savagely that Bob experienced A
shiver of dread for the future.

“Now get in there, and stay there till —I let yer
out,” continued the fellow, with an oath, seizing
the boy by the arm and pushing him forward into
the darklhole, which was not much larger than
a good-sized closet.

Bob heard a”key turned in the lock after the
door had closed behind him, and he knew he was
He pulled his match-safe
from his pocket, and cautiously struck a light in
order to discover what sort of place he was in.
Itxwas a. box-like room about four feet by six.
The walls, ceiling and ﬂoor were black with
grime. A dirty mattress and ﬁlthy blanket oc-
cupied the greater part of the ﬂoor space. There
was also a rickety stool on which stood a candle-
stick with a bit of candle stuck in it, and cov-
ered with grease and blue mold. The conﬁned at-
mosphere reeked with a combination of vile odors
such as the boy had never smelt before, and which
almost turned his stomach.

The match expired in his ﬁngers, leaving him
once more in the dark. He could hear the two
men talking in the other room, and he put his
ear to a crack in the door and tried, to make out
what they were saying. They spoke too low,
however, for him to distinguish more than a word
here and there.

He could see them as they sat about the table
helping themselves to the contents of the bottle.
Einally the man who had brought the box pulled
a couple of bills from his vest pocket and handed
them to the cadaverous ruﬁian. The fellow re-
ceived them with a grunt of satisfaction, and
stowed them away somewhere in his clothes. Then
the men got up, put on their hats, and after the
occupant f the premises had unbarred the door,
they wen out together.

.__—_.— \

CHAPTER IX.—-Sent to Sea.

“I wonder what's going to be the end of this
thing?" Bob asked himself, as he removed the
candlestick and seated himself on the stool. “I
don’t think I could be in a much worse scrape. I
have been brou ht to some low den, in a vile
neighborhood of
what can that purpose be?”

Bob racked his brains in vain for a ,plausibio$

answer to that question, but he could not think
of a satisfactory one. The day passed drererﬂy

enough for the boy, who was locked up in his ,

little, den every time his jailer went out or had
visitors. It was growing once‘ re when the
cadavemus rascal brought Bob. '
released him from the dismal inner roogn toeat it.
This time, instead of cold food and water; a

of cheap restaurant food with a cup of hot 
stood on the table awaiting the bay.
hungry enough to eat almost anything

the man told him to itch in ltd eat ‘his ﬁll, 
didn’t wait to be a ed twice. He cleaned 
everything in sight, including the ooifee '
he thought tasted
la.Bt0f,it.‘* 

    

’. .

ew York, for a purpose. Now, ,

suppernad‘

Bob was 
,°and when

‘ wk
rather queer,  

 ‘ .

\

‘ 10 I THROUGH- THICK AND THIN

lH'ardly had he ﬁnished before a sensation of
drowsiness began to steal over him. The feeling CHAPTER X.—What Bob Found Himself Up

was so strange that he tried to throw it off. His Against on the Eudora.
eﬁorts to rise from the chair were failures, how- , ‘
ever. His eyelids felt heavy, and would close in Shortly after six o’clock the chief mate of the

‘spite of evgrything he could do to keep them open, brig Eudora went into the forecastle to rouse up
while the expression of his face took on a fool- the four hands who had been brought aboard in
ish, inert look, very different from. the bright, an unconscious condition before the vessel sailed.
smart expression which usually was seen there. The brig was now many miles at sea, entirely‘ out

Although the boy didn’t seem to realize what was Of Sight Of land, and b0\Vllng 310118 Solltnwafd. nn-.
actually the matter mt}; him, the fact of the mat- der a smacking wind. Two of the three seamen .
ter was he had been d1-ugged_ Kn0ck.0ut drops were Still SO drunk  themate let them ‘lie .
hgd been conveyed t0  in the coﬁee, and-in 3 where they were,>and turned his attention to 
very short time he was under the inﬂuence of a Ford; Who W_3S n0“' beginning‘ to I‘9¢°Ve1' from his
deadly stupor, V stupor. (zlxtlﬁvely Ishakingtﬁrought the boy to his
uHe.S Safe em)“ h now,» ﬁnned the ruman senses an e reaiza ion :3 some _ing new an
I who had been watclziing the ingsidious effect of the stﬂange had happemd t° hm‘ °V°"'mght- ,
. drug from the start, as Bob's head fell forward h T.3,mblC out’ you Fibber’ and get ‘"1 d°9k' d W
3 on his arm>,_ “He Wm” come to his senses afore ear. roared the chief mate of the Eudora, yank-

5

to_m°n.er mommy,‘ and by that time he." be a ing Bob unceremoniously out of the bunk on to
: long way from New York. That's what I call thfrgecllfo °,f the f°r°ca5t1e' -
makl-nu easy money.» e y s head struck on the hard_boards, and
 d .11 h ﬁ . h d h. , he saw numberless stars. It_woke him up to the
*3 mghi m‘~:l°ta1o:’;“§’S1“l’1at°’;nt(; lefﬁ th';‘Sro°om ‘5 fact that something was doing, however. , “
 he returned with a low-browed cab “Why! wh-“vs the '.“att°'r? Where am 1?” hi’
driver whose-vehicle was standing near the curb blurted °.“t’ as he "°t‘°ed h°w dmerent Wetevhis '
- ’ “ ' siirroundmgs to those of his last recollection. '1-

in front of the archway. Between them they car- . . . . ~
tied the insensible boy to the street and lifted higygcﬂgtghf::?ldedh}i”in‘?‘g)°’ifiS";2;tth° °°n3" °f_ "‘

_'.. ) him into the cab. u - . .

7-“ .~ 'The ruﬂian got in also, while the cabman o,,t?,'f‘_ SE3?!-“i,::hc,l:§'  :1in1§§2§’f,,;hfoS§y]’gh“ .
mounted to his seat and drove away. The vehicle «on deck!» gasped’ Bob’ in a puzzle‘; tone 
ﬁnally turned into South street and then kept «why, What do you mean?» . ' >
on ‘straight ahead till it came to a wharf not mrhatas what I mean» exclaimed the mate ‘
_fa'r from South Ferry. Here a boat was in wait- snatching up. a piece of 'n,pe and belabormg thé

' mgr m"“.“‘°d by several 5air°r5' ‘ boy's back and shoulders.

In the bootom lay three ‘drunken seamen with Bo}, tried to e e 1;}, ' h t b d d - 
‘their durxnaze beside theni; 13$: {as stowﬁddlntfg but his _foot_calic;lI1)t ine apucnllfitmsild lle Zaféiiéii 
i 8 C0nVen1¢1intd1:P8C9» and t en 1; 0931'» 13:5 91 0 forward on _his face. The mate swooped down on 
'&0l:1etl'lre1ig8hI:: I1§u::ldb;7Vy?:n dsoglilie 0:alfrl:ntr(;ngce00t!:g gong and laid the rope unsparingly all over his ‘ _z;
; . ‘ k y_I ’ 7 .
  °'""*"°‘ “     °r    
‘—__.l"_ _  had cleared that afternoon for Kingston, Bob scrambled to ‘his feet, and in his ‘efforts to
" ‘Jamaica, with an assorted cargo, much of it ac- get ‘away from the instrument of torture he ran
1; cording to her manifest of a_.valuable character, against the short ladder leading to the forecastle
‘and in consequence heavily insured. _She would deck. _Running up this, he found himself in the
r-:saiI~ with the first ﬂood t_id_e—that was about two open an-,_ on the deck of a vessel, with_ nothing
o’clock.~ The  contaimng Bob Ford and the around hlmbllt water and the over-arching sky.
me:-. drunken sailors as passengers came‘along- Good gracious! as the truth dawned upon

.;i_». *'-«Ml» . ..

  
  
   
   
  
     
  
      
   
 
   
       

 

g‘:;,.,_‘,-'s'id¢«this vessel about ‘one o'clock in the morning; his brain. “I’m out at sea!” , 
5:  hoisting tackle from a pair of vacant davits The mate followed him on deck. ’ - 
.. 9}‘  attached to her, and she was lifted to her ::1*,Iow, you lubber, get busy!” he roared. ' ' 
.   above ti; l::’i!l1v£:rarksbtnddsecfii1i1ed. T111: boyIm'not~a sailor," protested the disheartened . 
,  4 unconscious r on ar 0 er we . - _ .4
’ - ‘V’ jtaken in thepforemstle and dropped into separate “Oh, you ain't, eh? Then what did you ship "

_ to,-come to their sense at their leisure. aboard this brig Jar?” the mate glared. . 
 At ],alf.p';3t.one'the.captain came aboard; and “I "didn't ship. I don't know how it is I ah: _ 5
 liter   . Just on the here-_ ; _ y - -‘ : ’,:-A
 3:: re:-*.1°:§:;‘e'i.':.“:;i:%. ..,;':':*.: :.i:;**-t°.§:“=° “‘;.:.‘::°‘ r-,.::,,=~‘w:.h; s :.
.. . avg; I , n 1 wn on 8 a raw ' av.
i’  *1 As soon as the.anchor was 'clear of the ‘tingling Back,» when the second came up? 2,}
' ‘ the ‘tug gave u_ muple of-. sci-eeche.s,. and on said: -  ’ .  M53
’»  ‘with 4:11;‘; bizgﬂiln. 1t)ow. c§apf’n wants tlsiéié boy‘-‘sci: aft.” \ —  T
 jplainsaise e rig —ve ie ma pan wi 't,roU [ '_“"'
-  " ougtosea. While ‘below in the‘ ‘chi air. He lodiad aft» and saw 
~  gord larlilbe-i log, utterly oblr.vi- the bngon the POOP 10okingtoward_them; f

   

   
   

._ﬁ_

     

    
 

    

    

’ 'W”m -.:~  '"‘°-°~  ‘"1333  e 9"‘""*

  

   

.. _ THROUGH THICK AND THIN

So Bob was hustled along the deck, past the
morning watch, who eyed the boy with curious
glances, for they detected the land-lubber in his
every move, and was ﬁnally pushed up the poop
ladder into the presence of the captain. Jab_ez
Green, the master of the Eudora, was a big,
stockily built man, who had been at sea from his
youth up, serving in every capacity from green
hand to his present exalted situation. _

His was not a pleasant face to look upon, for
it told its own story of harshness and an un-
governable temper. He was a man that was not
to be triﬂed with. The top of his head looked
like a mop of a brick-red hue, while his counte-
nance was as thickly over-run with hair of the
same color as the face of a Skye-terrier——-and
neither showed the civiliiing inﬂuence of either
comb or brush.

Where the skin showed on his low forehead,
and in small patches under his heavy-set eyes, it
was tanned to the color of mahogany, while his
nose was swollen and covered with rum-blossoms.
Altogether he was a formidable-looking man, even
when at peace with himself.

- As a rule, however, he made Rome howl when
he was on deck, and when below his constant com-

‘ panion was a pot-bellied stone jug of Holland gin.

Captain Greene looked Bob over from head to
foot in a way that made the boy shiver in spite
of'his natural courage. He put Bob in mind of
an ogre he had once read about in a fairy story
when he was very young.
“§q you’re the young imp Mulligan sent aboard,
9

Bob hadn’t the least idea who Mulligan was,
though as a matter of fact Mulligan was the
cadaverous ruﬁian to whose tender mercies Weav-
er had resigned him the day he brought the lad
to New York. As Bob was ignorant of Mulli-
gan's identity, he said nothing. The captain ac-
cepted his silence as a token of assent.

“You're a greenhorn, wood for nothing but to
feed to the sharks,” he grinned ﬁendishly. “You're
no better than a stowaway, and when I catch one
of them on board my ship I make ’em wish they
were dead a thousand times a day, d’ye under-
stand?” -

Bob looked the skipper, whom he rightly judged
to be a tyraht, straight in the eye and as this
was a new sensation for the man, h
a fearful oath and raised his huge, hairy ﬁst in
a threatenin manner. '

' “Don't loo at me in that way, you scum of
the seal Do you know I could kill you for sassin’

‘me with your eyes, and nothin’ would be said
about it?” . ,

Bob was willing to believe that Captain Green
was equal to any outrage that a rufﬁanly nature
might suggest, so not wishing to aggrava.te,the
man further, be looked down on the deck.

_ “Since you're no gtood as a sailor,” went on
' the skipper, “you can expect to earn any wages.

I

‘ As long as you’re aboard this brig you'll want to

eat,'of_cou1-se. Then you'll have to earn your
food.” ‘

: "Pin willing to  myself useful in any way
 that PI: here, but I didn't come here of my
,    cues whether you caine of
‘  Ol‘g1l0C?_Y0llllO  an’ you've

   
 

  

:~'.:‘¢s:.

e ripped out ,

11

got to work, whether you're v3illin’ or not. As
you’re good for nothin’ else you must help the
steward and keep the cabin shipshape, d’ye under-
stand?”

Bob understood.

“Now go below and report to the steward, and
if you don't do things right up to the handle, I’ll
mash your head in with a belayin’-pin."

Captain Green raised his foot and made a
kick at Bob to hasten his retreat. The boy, how-
ever, was too quick for him and~darted for the
ladder. As the skipper had calculated on boost-
ing him along, thus furnishing himself with en-
tertainment that jibed well with his ugly nature,
and had consequently put a good deal of force
into his leg, he came to grief, for his foot, meet-
ing with no resistance, carried_his leg, into the
air, and this overbalanced his body, and he came
down sprawling cn the deck with a force that
seemed to shake the brig. .

With a roar like a mad bull he scrambled to his
feet and glared around for the boy who had been
the cause of his mishap. He was furious cnough
at that moment to have killed Bob on the 
Bob, however, was out of sight. The captain's
rage was diverted from him by seeing a grin on
the face of one of the sailors below. He leaped
forward at a bound and, rushing at the seaman,
dealt him a blow with his ponderous fist that
gtritched him bleeding and unconscious on the

ec . ,,

“You’ll laugh at me, will you?” he roared, giv-
ing his victim a kick in the ribs. “Get up,

77

or

Then he saw that the sailor was senseless. He
thereupon looked around for some one else on
whom to vent his temper, but the watch had
prudently scattered. and he had to give up his
amiable intention. Fortunately for Bob, who wan
now in the galley, he had forgotten all about him,
and so the boy escaped that time.

CHAl’TER XI.——What Bob Overheard in the
Storcroom.

The steward was a dark-skinned, snaky-looking
little man of Hindu origin, who had sailed several
Voyages with Captain Green. He was about the
only_ person on board the Eudora who wasn't
afraid of the skipper. Apparently the captain
had already spoken to him about Bob, for he made
no remark when the boy told him he had been
sent to him to be put to work. He pointed to
the plates and other dishes in their racks, the

' knives and forks in a covered box, and then told

   

the boy to set the cabin tables Bob hastened to
do it in the best shape he knew how, and when
he returned to the pantry the steward asked him
his name.

“Bob Ford.”

“My name Sing}: Small,” said the steward,
showing a glittering row of perfectly white
teeth. '‘s‘ so cap’n bulfdoze you, tell me.‘ I no
stand for t." ‘

Bob looked at his lithe, sinewy ﬁgurg - I :~
‘small Ill'olnI}l.l§:,§"

fectly formed h , as
he 'ornd_e_i'ed wh t show he
the burly skipper if the

 
   

 

 
 

  

12

on him. Jabez Green, however, never attempted
to monkey with his steward. He would curse
everybody else in the brig, from the chief mate
down, when his «temper was upset, but he never
swore at Singh Small.

The steward attended strictly to his business,
and when he was through he would sit in the pan-
try and smoke a peculiar-shaped pipe. In a short
time the cook came aft with the cabin breakfast,
and the skipper and his chief mate went down
to eat. Bob stood around and waited on them.
When they had ﬁnished the captain went to his

. stateroom, and the first mate went on deck and
relieved the second ‘mate, who came to the table
and had his meal,

Bob carried the dirty dishes to the galley, and
then he and Singh Small partook of their break-
fast in the pantry. Bob helped the steward for
a while, and was then sent to tidy things up in
the, cabin. Later on the steward showed the boy

‘where the vessel’s .stores were kept in a small
space aft between decks. entrance to which was
through a trap-door. After dinner Captain Green
ordered Bob to black his boots, so the boy got
the necessary materials, and set to work. When
his shoes shone like a new silver dollar, he made
Bob bring him the jug of gin from his private
locker, take down a glass from the swinging tray
under the skylight and fetch out his box of strong

“Now tell Mr.-Ruggles that I want to see

‘ him,” the skipper said, meaning his chief mate,
“and don’t you come in here no more till I send
for you.” ' V

Bob delivered the message, and then retired to

,5 . the pantry to scour up the knives and attend to
' such other work as the steward laid out for him

, to do. Although our hero had never been out of

sight of land in his life before, there was little
‘danger of his experiencing any of the unpleasant
sensations of seasickness as long as the weather

%_  continued as ﬁne as it was at present. There

- ' were two berths in the little room oﬂ’ the pantry

where the steward slept, and Singh Small told
the boy to take possession of the upper one. Sev-
eral days passed in this manner, the weather still
holding fine andthe brig sailing on a slight angle
to the leeward. ’

Bob ascertained that the Eudora was bound
for Kingston, Jamaica, direct, and would pass
through the Windward Passage. He was pleased
to  that he was not fated to undergo a long
foreign voyage of many months’ duration, and
-' _ conﬁdently expected that he would soon be able
, — to return to the United States. Next day the
- weather turned dirty, and in the choppy sea'which
the brig ran into Bob got his first acquaintance
C. with  For the ensuing thirty-six hours
I he ‘was a very miserable boy. The captain would

7 have made it acgood lea! more unpleasant for

 f him but for the steward, who had a few words to

any on the subject, with the result that Bob was
notginterfered with. -

. Captain Green had it in for him, though, as

' the boy judged from the unpleasant reception he

 from the skipper the moment he was able to
; -  his duties in the. cabin. But Bob had de-

”  " __ nottotalkbacktothcgreatmotul of

__ ‘hﬁgunder gray circumstances, so he took his

ﬁodi_eine~and;said nothing about it even to Sipgh

z

 

 
  
 
    
   
   

  

   
  

THROUGH THIGK AND THIN

Small, who seemed to be the only friend he had
on board.

The captai
without glov
didn’t actually hurt‘ him in any way. One af-
ternoon when the brig was in the neighborhood of
the Bahama Islands the steward sent Bob into
the storeroom for some canned goods that he
want for supper. He took one of the ship's
lante s, opened the trap-door, went down, and
closed it after him. He had hardly started to
hunt for the case he was in search of when the
light began to grow dim, presently sputtered and
went out altogether, leaving him in the darkness.

“I must have taken a lantern that hadn't any
oil in it,” mu'ttered Bob. “I’ll have.to go back
and ﬁll it.”

At that moment, however, the trap, some feet
away, was lifted, and a pair of legs, followed by
a long body, appeared through the opening and
dropped into the storeroom.-

“Come on,” said the newcomer, in the voice of
the chief mate, as he moved out of the way.

Another pair of legs and a chunky body came_
down, and the ‘skipper of the brig dropped in
the lazaretto.

“Close the trap,” said Ruggles, shortly.

The captain closed it. Bob had no wish for
those two men to discover him down there, not-
withstanding that he bad business in the store-
room. He feared personal violence at their

and chief mate both handled him

hands, for they couldn't have a better chance to ’

attack him than in that closed space. So he
shrank back behind a pile-of cases and almost
held his breath. ,_ '

“What did you bring me down here for, Rug-
gles?" demanded the skipper, in an ungracious
tone. .

“Because I wanted to talk to you without fear
of being overheard."

“Oh, you did,” snarled the captain, with an
oath. “It must be something mighty particular
you have to say.” _

“It is.”

“Well, spit it out quick. I don't care to stay
in this hole any longer than I can help."

“I want to ask you a question or two,” said the
mate, in,a pointed tone. ‘

“Go,on."

“This brig and her cargo "are heavily insured,
aren't they?"

“What business is that of yours?” roared Caps
tain Green, with a savage oath.

“It’s my idea they are. It is also my idea that
the Eudora is not expected by her owners to reach
port this trip."

With a roar like a mad bull the captain made
a spring at his mate, but the man evidently ex-
pected some such demonstration, for he sprang

from that time on, though they ‘

\

aside in the dark and easily evaded the sldpper. ,

Captain Green swore like a trooper, and gropod

around trying to locate his companion, but the .

attempt was fruitless. He soon exhausted him-

self, as the mate surmised he would, and came to _

a halt.
“It won’t do you any good to have a run-in with»

me," spoke up the mate coolly. "I'm on to the ~:’

whole game, -so we might just as well come to an -
understanding as not.” '
’l'ho,c‘aptain sh_ot+;oﬂ any ,

. \

ier volley of  I

.v

  

a.

 

 

 

antazoma-'..i« .. « 

 
   

 THROUGH THICKI AND THIN

“I'll tell you how I came to tumble to the busi-
ness. I had charge, as you know, of the loading
v of the brig. Some of the most valuable of the
‘ cargo, according to the bills of lading, are stowed
‘ - amidship. One day I accidentally discovered that
one of these cases contained nothing of more im-
portance than old bits of broken iron. I_ didn't
know what to make of the matter, but I am not
a fool, and concluded to look further. My investi-_
gations showed me that every one of those cases.
supposed to contain high-priced machinery, held
;« nothing but useless truck. I was satisﬁed there
~ was some deep game in the wind. I ‘kept my
eyes skinned, and found numerous other instances
of grave discrepancies between what the manifest
showed and what the cargo actually was. I said
nothing about it at the time. A still tongue
makes a wise head. I determined to keep my own
counsel until I had sounded you. A man who gets
' full of gin like you do is easy game. He lets out
many things he ought notito. Well, you have told
'me enough since we left port to put me next to
the game.” - _
Captain Green uttered a round oath. Ruggles
laughed irritatingly.
‘ “What's the use of cutting up rusty with me,
Cap’n Green? Nobody on the brig but you and I
has any suspicion of the true state of affairs. I’m
ready to stand in with you on this thing. ‘You’;-e
going to get a round sum for running this brig
ashore on one of the small sandy keys of the Ba-

 

gale that sweeps these seas. I’ll help you do it,
and shut my ‘eyes to the transaction, for one-
third of what you are to get; but you must ‘deal
fairly with me, or I'll blow the whole thing as
sure as my name is Jim Ruggles.”

There was a short silence, and Bob heard the
,cap‘tain breathing heavily at the foo.‘ of the steps
. that led out ‘of the storeroom. Evidently he was

. loth to come to any agreement with his oﬁicer,

and yet he could not help seeing that. the mate

had him cornered, and that there wasn’t any hole
‘ he could squeeze out at. _ ' '

“Well, cap’n, is it a bargain? You know you
can't carry this scheme out without I stand in
wi you. And you know you can't land your

, cargo at Kingston and escape detection. You're
i ’ up against it any way you may look at it." _
 “I s’pose .I’ll have to agree,” muttered Captain
A. Green. “But it’s ag’in me to do it."
“‘I’m to have an honest third of your share,
 3 .m.12" ,
 “Yes; and in return you agree to help me put
‘the game througl_i?f’ ’
’. “I'll do that willingly, ’
. iexultant tone.
’ ‘ ,,“Then it’s abargain. Give me your hand on it.”
-The two men came together, and shook hands
.lv_ver their criminal arrangement. _.

~«

   

  
    
  
  
  
    
   
    
    
     
 

replied the mate, in an

I

CHAPTER XII.—Caught. ~ -
. ‘'7 said the ‘chief mate, “since we’re hand-
, I . _.‘v¢ in this affair, tell me what scheme you
’ ~ yg_..~in'view for losing the brig. I s’pose you
" ..  nshore.un oneoftheﬂlow sandy

'2.

 gout}. . 

. .

   

hamas, where she'll go to pieces under the first-

- ging them as I proceeded.

  
 

13

“My plan was to scuttle the brig within easy
reach of Cat Island, or Watling’s. The Eudora
is an old vessel, and who could say that the re-
cent spell or‘ _dirty weather we had might not have
sprung a plank in her bottom?”

“That’s right,” grinned Ruggles.

“After the water gained a ‘good headway the
pumps would not be able to save her, especially
if it was found they were out of order.”

“Quite correct,” agreed the mate.

“Then she’d go to the bottom, and .all evidence
as to the true character of her cargo would be
lost.” _ \

“That plan is much safer than running the brig
ashore, which I couldn't very well have accom ‘
plished with you and Mr. Bruce alternately on
deck every night in charge of the vessel’s course.’

“That’s true. But now that I'm with you it
would be a simple matter to put her ashore on
one of the smaller keys if you want to do so.”

“But I don’t want to do so. I want to put her
out of sight -altogether, so that there will not be
the remotest chance of any evidence turning up
to queer the game of the owners, who rely upon
me to" see them through safely.”

“Well, you are the doctor, and I stand ready
to give you a helping hand in any way you may
direct,” said the mate. ,

“I certainly look to you to do your share of '
the work, as I have promised you a third of the
proﬁts."

“As I attended to the loading of the greater
part of the brig’s cargo, I don't see how you pro-
pose to get at the vessel’s bottom so as to bore the '
holes necessary to accomplish your purpose.” '

“All that was provided for before a ton of
cargo was put into the brig,” said the captain
with a chuckle. - , *

“In what way?” asked the mate, in an inter-
ested tone. ‘V

“A dozen auger holes were partly bored th
the bottom planks at different‘ places along
run, and .were then plugged to guard against an
accidental leakage. There is suﬁicient space in
the run between the planking overheard which
supports the first tier of freight and the keel for
a man of my build to crawl comfortably. I had
a trap cut in the ﬂooring of this storeroom, and
a ladder built communicating with the run close
to the rudder-post, so that I could enter the hold '
at any time without any one aboard becoming
the wiser of the fact. _ I had calculated on mak-
ing my first trip down there to-night, when I.ex-
pected to ﬁnish the boring of the holes, replugn
When all were finished
I _meant to knock the plugs out one after ﬁfe
other, and make my escape back to the cabin.
It would be some time before the brig’s condi-
tion, would be noticed'in this weather. By that
time I believed the water would have made ma
progress that_with the demoralized condition
the pumps the vasel could not be saved. At the
proper moment I would abandon the_brig to hit’, -
fate, and in a short time she would go to the
bottom.-”

“gout scheme is a- first-class one,” said the ‘ ‘

“It couldn't bgbetter. Now, since I have had, 
to take you into my conﬁdence, I, will turn’ the‘
 labor of  and the 

.9 _ 7;

 

 

 
  

  

 

 

14

removing the plugs over to you. We will go down
into the hold now, with a lantern which is hang-
ing ready for business in yonder corner, and you
can inspect the work that has been partially ac-
compiisned and ﬁgure upon what remains to be
done to ﬁnish the job. When the ﬁrst watch
comes on‘duty and Mr. Bruce takes charge of

' the deck, you can then go into the hold and at-

tend to the work, notifying me as soon as you
have ﬁnished it. We will then complete our ar-
rangements -for abandoning the brig.”

‘.‘All right,” agreed the chief mate.

The captain struck a match, and the glare dis-
closed a lantern hanging near the trap-door. He

took it down and lit it. Then he removed several

small cases from one side of the stoieroom, knelt
down, and feeling about on the ﬂoor seized a small
brass ring in his ﬁngers and pulled up a trap-

_door, disclosing a black void underneath. Beck-

oning to Ruggles, the captain ﬂashed the light
of the lantern down into the depths, and the
mate sa\v the upper part of the ladder which led

. _ to the keel near the rudder post.

“The auger is at the foot of this ladder,” said
the skipper. “Follow me.” .

He swung the lantern over his arm and started
to descend, when a tremendous crash a few feet

away startled them both, the captain almost los-

ing his balance or. the top rung of the ladder.
Recovering himself with a_strong effort he raised
the lantern on high, and then the two men saw
Bob Ford standing in the midst of the wreck of a
pile of overturned cases of stores, his white face
gazing at them with a look of mingled -horror

' and fear. ~

Bob had been so overcome by the discovery of
the villainous design contemplated by Captain
Green and his chief mate that in the confusion
and excitement of his feelings he had leaned too
hard against the pile of boxes, and they had sud-
denly toppled over «and thus disclosed his pres-
ence in the storeroom at a most unfortunate mo-
ment for his own safety. With a terrible oath
the skipper sprang at the boy, followed by the
somewhat unnerved mate. -

“What are you doing down here, you infernal
young scoundrel?” he roared ﬁercely.

“I came down to get some canned goods for
supper,” blurted out Bob, thoroughly dismayed

" by the pickle he found himself in.

"And how long have you been here, eh?” de-
manded the captain, violenﬂy.

Bob did not know what reply to make to this
question, so he remained ‘silent.

“How long, you jackanapes?” thundered the

 skipper, with a malevolent gleam in his eyes.

“He must have been down here when we came,”

’ ‘ said the mate, hoarsely, “and he's heard every-

thing that passed between us.”
“You were down here when we came, weren’t

_ yin?” snarled Captain Green, with a menacing

e of his head.
O“-Yes," admitted Bob, who scorned to tell a
lie, even if such -a subterfuge would have availed

« him any. ~

,~“'I‘hen you heard every word of our conver-

 sotion=‘!'.’

’-.“Yes,” answered Bob, doggedly.

V   two men looked at each other, and wiped
it; ‘nersuiratiqn  their foreheads. Evidently

   

 

THROUGH THICK AND THIN

they were up against i€ hard, and the thought
simultaneously occurred to both that the only way
out of the diﬁiculty was to silence the witness
before he got a chance to spread the news
throughout the brig.

“We can't let him get away,” said Ruggles,
“or the game will be up with us."

“When you saw us come down here why didn’t
you show yourself, instead of hiding behind those
cases and listening to all we said?” demanded the
skipper, in an ugly tone. “Who told you to spy
on our movements, eh?” ,

“I was afraid to let you know I was here for
fear you would attack me, as you have been in
the habit of doing without any provocation at all.’

“It would have been a deal better for you had
you made your presence here known to us at the
start-oﬂ’; now we've got to take measures to pro-
tect ourselves against your tongue. You know
too much for our good. You know our plans and
purposes, and if we were to let you escape from
here you'd put the brig’s company up to what's
going to happen, and we’d be in no end of trouble.
Since you chose to put your head into the lion's
mouth, you’ve got to suffer the consequences.
Grab him, Ruggles!”_

The chief mate darted upon the boy and seind
him, while Captain Green, after putting the lan-
tern down on one of the overturned boxes, picked
up a coil of thin rope and prepared to take a hand
in the proceedings himself. Bob put up a stout
resistance, but he was no match for the two men.
They bound him hand and foot, and then glowered
down upon his helplessness.

“You know that we intend to scuttle the brig,
don't you?” said the captain.

Bob made no reply.

“You’re welcome to the knowledge, for ‘we
mean that it shan’t do you any good. We’:-e go-

ing to take you down to the bottom of the hold

with us, bind you to the lower rungs of the lad-
der, and leave you to go down with the vessel
some hours hence—d’ye understand?” spoke up
the skipper, with vindictive earnestness;

Bob hardly realized at that moment the awful
doom to which these men proposed to consign
him, so confused was his senses in relation to the
whole matter. He could scarcely believe that
Captain Green and his chief mate were really in
earnest about destroying the brig, notwithstand-
ing the conﬁdential nature of the conversation he
had so recently overheard.

The whole thing seemed more like an ugly
dream than an actual fact. The skipper of the
Eudora and his rascally mate, however, were in
deadly earnest about the business in hand—both
with reference to the sinking of the vessel and
the utter wiping out of Bob Ford, who was now
so dangerous to their interests Captain Green
took up the lantern again and began to go down
the ladder. The mate lowered the helpless boy

down to him, and then followed himself, closing ‘

the trap after him.

CHAPTER XIII.—Like Rats in a Trap.

ii
A
.4.

The scouudrels and their victim had hardly 'dia- _ ii

appeared from the storeroog! when the upper 
was lifted. a darkcountenance was thrust, ‘ x

 
 

:4
in;

    
 

  ~._ THROUGH THICK AND THIN f ' 15

and a pair of glittering eyes peered around into
the darkness.

“Bob-—-Bob Ford, where you got yourself to,
eh?" asked the voice of Singh Small.

~ The steward-spoke impatiently, and seemed sur-
prised that he got no answer.

“Where can that boy he, I wonder?” he mur-
mured. “He is not .here, for he make no answer,
and there is no light. _Yet he did_not come back
with the stuff I sent him for. It is not like him
to act this way. He is always quick to get what
I want. Maybe something happen him. I will

'l.‘he steward went back to the pantry and lit
a lantern. With that in his hands he returned
‘to the storeroom to investigate. The ﬁrst thing
he saw was the overturned cases and the lantern
Bob had taken from the- pantry standing close to
them without any light in it. _

Then he saw the cases that Captain Green had
moved out from the bulkhead _to get at the trap-
door opening into the hold. Singh Small thought
this disarrangement of the stores very strange
indeed, for he had been down there that morning,

_ and then everything hadbeen in good order. 1131.3

nobody but he or Bob was supposed to go to t e

storeroom he attributed the disorder to the boy,

and was rather puuled to account for it. But
 V the main question that bothered the steward was
:3 where had Bob ne to? Singh Small picked up
 -the lantern and oolned at it.

It was certainly the one the P05’ had take“
from the pantry. He ﬂashed his own lantern
’ ‘ about the storeroom, and ﬁnally behind the cases
‘T the skipper had moved out. His sharp eyes im-
 mediately detected the trap-door. Evidently Bob
I or somebody else had moved those boxes.to get
‘ at this trap. Singh Small never let anything get

by him. '

That trap-door had been put there for some
purpose, and ..the steward was curious to learn
what that purpose was. He opened it and looked
- down. Gould ‘Bob have gone down there.’ If
he had, why had he done so, and why hadn t be
taken the lantern with him to light his way?

, question, then he decided to go down himself and
l . ‘see what he could ﬁnd out below.

with the agility of a monkey the steward de-
 sceiided the ladder, carrying his lantern in one
 hand. Reaching the hold he came with startling
suddenness upon Bob Ford, securely bound to the
lower rungs. Singh Small ﬂashed the light all
over the boy,’and uttered an exclamation of aston-

‘ does this inean,.eh? Wholdone this'."_'
«shy: mpﬁed Bob, warningly. “The captain

 

‘me‘ﬁ> this ladder. They are now somewhere in
..ﬁe run under the carx0- They are SW18 *0
gentle the brig to-night and leave me here to
.  her. Cut me loose, quick,-before they
" mine back,” he added, 888edy- ' . ” -
a,‘ “Why they want to scuttle the brig, eh?
“I'll tell you all ahoutit when we get to the
,” said Bob, impatient to get_ free from his
to situation. " -‘
fl, ya’; tell me now,” said the steward, his

      
  
   
  
   
    
 

3.

  

9’:-3.

 
 

‘be off. But do not be afraid.

sing}. Small pondered for a moment over the .

 ind the ghigf mate brought me down here and tied.

 

“I’m afraid they’ll be back and surprise us be-
fore I could tell you the story.” _

“I no have a knife. You must stay here till I
come back by and by. Now tell me why—ah! I
hear them. They are coming this way. I must
I am your friend.
I,will see that you get free after a while.”

With these words Singh Small darted up the
ladder and disappeared.

‘Five minutes later when Ruggles passed the
pantry the steward was very busy at his regular
duties, but gave the mate a look out of the
corner of his little heady eyes that meant the of-
ﬁcer no good. A little later he entered the cabin ‘
to set the table himself, and found Captain Greene
there with his gin jug.

“You know where that boy Bob is?” he asked
the skipper.

The captain shook his head.

“He should be here to set the table.
he is getting lazy,” continued the ‘steward.

Ordinarily the captain would have sworn round.
ly at the boy, and have ordered Singh Small to
send a sailor to look the lad up. Now, however,
he hadn’t a word to say on the matter, but drank v
his gin with more than usual relish. Night grI?- -
ally fell, the lamps in the cabin were lighted y ' 
the steward, and supper was served to the captain
and-hischief mate. Later Ruggles went on deck
and relieved the second oﬂicer, as was his custom.

Four hells announced the end of the second (I
watch at eight o'clock, and then the first watc
went on duty, the second mate taking charge of
the deck. It was a cloudy night and a stiff breeze
hummed through the brig's rigging. The watch
below had turned in, and everything was ship-
shape for the night. Singh Small had cleaned up,
put out the pantry light, and had apparently gone
to rest, as e was accustomed to do about that
hour. But never was the Hindu more wide awake
in his life. He had taken his seat in the pantry
whence, through a crack in the door, he was able‘
to view the cabin, where the captain was drinking’ _.
again, and the entrance to the passage, in the -"
floor of which was the trapdoor opening into the ‘
store-room. , I

In a short time the chief mate appeared, spoke’ , , '
a few words to the skipper, and after looking
cautiously around to ma c sure he was not?ob-

I think

 

»served, he went into the passage, lifted the trap- ~

door, and disappeared into the lazaretto. 2
Singh Small grinned in a wa peculiar to‘ him- ’ ‘
self, and after that watched t e captain. That‘ _ "
worthy appeared quite contented to replenish his ‘ r
glass from the stone jug every time it became 
empty, and puffed at his big black cigar as though  ‘ .‘ .
not a thing in the world troubled him. Two hours ' '
passed in this manner, with Singh Small as wide . 
awake as ever. At last four bells, or ten o'clock. “ ‘,
was struck’ by the second mate on deck. Hardly
had the sound died away when Ruggles reap-
peared through the trapdoor in the passage. He
came directly to the captain and engaged him in
low conversation. In ﬁfteen minutes he retired’
to his cabin. Captain Green also got up from the
table. and taking the jug with  retired to. his -' '
cabin. The steward made no move for perhaps

 

twenty minutes, then, with a sharp knife in one, _
hand, and a lighted lantekn in the other, he‘.glided — =
out into the cabin, listened at the chief  ‘}

u

    

N ,1‘-

 

  

 

   
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  

n

(4
willsbiitt in where you're not wanted, eh?

‘cant
disc

I

16

door, then at the captain’s, and feeling satisfied
there was no fear of immediate interruption from

them, he passed like a shadow into the _storeroom.-

He saw that the boxers had_ been replaced on the
trapdoor leading to the hold. He quickly removed

them, threw open the trap, and descended into the.

hold. As the light ﬂashed below him he saw there
was all of four feet of water at the foot of the lad-
der, and that it was nearly up to Bob Ford’s arm-
pits. -
“I had almost given up hope,” said the boy, in
a hoarse, unnatural tone. “The water has been
steadily creeping up about me ever Qce the chief
mate completed his job in the run. The vessel is
scuttled and sinking. The pumps have been tam-
pered with, and I guess she's sure to go down in a
few hours.” -

While Bob was speaking Singh Small was hur-
riedly cutting him loose from the ladder.

“Come,” said the steward when the boy was
free, “follow me. up. We talk in the pantry. Then
perhaps we able to do something.”

Up darted the Hindu with Bob at his heels, and
truly thankful was the boy at having thus escaped
the fate designed for him by the captain and the
chief mate. But when Singh Small was within a
yard of the trap the face of Ruggles suddenly
appeared above, glaring down at him, as he swung
at lantern over the hole.

Singh Small,” he cried, maliciously,I “you
sus-
pected you, you smart Aleck of a Hindu, and I
have kept my eyes skinned for some move on your
part. ,You’re pretty slick, but not slick enough
to getthe best of me. You've cut the boy loose, I
see. Well, you’ll have to take a dose of his medi-
cine, too. I've got you both like rats in a trap,
and together you'll drown with the other rats in
the hold. ,Good—by to both, and good riddance.”

Bang went the cover, and from the noise that

succeeded, both Bob and the steward knew that

, the chief mate was piling the cases back on top of

the trap. They

were certainly in a desperate sit-
uation. “

 

»

CHAPTER XIV.—Ashore.

A. ‘ Singh Small uttered an exclamation in Hin-

dostanese as the trap was slammed down almost
in his face, while Bob Ford, who had easily heard
the vindictive words of the chief mate, and real-
ized their import, was thoroughly startled and
dismayed by the unexpected turn affairs had
taken.

“My gracious!” cried the boy, in a dispirited
tone. ‘TWhat' shall we do now?"

The Hindu muttered something unintelligible to
Bob, and tried to push up the trap, but the weight
of the boxes that Ru les had placed u n it de-
fasted his eﬁorts- Thgen he swung the _antern. to
theright and left of where he stood, as if seeking

-another outlet from the hole in which they were‘

. He knew that in._the upper hold, or

- ’l:weendecks, facing them, a couple of feet of va-

lay between the top tier of merchan-

wed on that deck and the ﬂooring of the

big’: main deck. '_ o
i ., is object was to try and make his way with
“Bob into that space, traverse the top of the cargo

 

 

THROUGH THICK AND THIN‘

for the entire length of the vessel, and then by
knocking against the floor of the forecastle
arouse the attention of the watch below to the fact
that there was something in the hold that had no
business to be there, and thus cause an investiga-
tion that would result in their liberation. Noth-
ing, however, met his eye but the boards of the
strong bulkhead which separated them from the
main part of the hold.

The prospect, therefore, of escaping the ter-
rible fate allotted to them by Ruggles was far
from encouraging. Clinging to a ladder in the
semi-darkness of their narrow prison, with the
lap of the ever-rising water below sounding in
their ears and foreshadowing their doom, was not

the pleasantest situation in the world. The groan» ‘

ing and thumping of the rudder within a yard of
them sounded preternaturally loud, and the
splashing of the water, too, as it struck against
the brig’s stern outside. Singh Small descended
to the depths to take notice how fast the water

was accumulating in the hold, and his report on _

his return aloft was not a cheerful one for poor
Bob to hear. Thus two hours passed away, and
the hitherto buoyant motion of the brig was now
a sluggish roll and pitch, owing to the weight of
the, water she had taken aboard. A -new sound
now came to them. It was the grating noise of
the pumps which jarred on their ears. The fact
that the brig was leaking had come to the atten-
tion of the second mate and the watch on deck
on the eve of midnight. The pumps. however,
worked hard, and did not properly perform their
duty. In fact, one of them-was found to be com-
pletely out of business, while the other worked
very badly _indeed. So, when eight bells was
sounded, which brought the watch below on deck,
the other sailors thus relieved made no attempt
to go to rest, as the situation was seen to be
alarming. The water gained steadily, as the
only available pump could not throw out one-half
of what was coming in through the dozen holes
the chief mate had punched in the vessel's bot-
tom. After an hour's work it seemed to be a fore-
gone conclusion that the brig’s doom was sealed.

The chief mate, who now had charge of the
deck, told the men to get the boats ready for
abandoning the brig. The captain was notiﬁed of
the condition of the vessel, just as if he hadn’t
been waiting in the seclusion of his stateroom
for the news. ,

Then he came on deck and began to supervise
the arrangements started by his ally. As their
course on the chart showed that they were not
more than ﬁfty or sixty miles to the eastward of

Watling’s Island, where there was a settlement at»

which Captain Green proposed to stop first after
abandoning the brig, no apprehension was felt
by the sailors that they were placed in any un-
usual peril by the sinking of their craft. The chief
inate let it be generally known that in his opin-
ion_ the vessel had sprung some of. her timbers,
which were old, in the late gale, and as ﬂioqaaz-go
prevented the carpenter from ascertaining just
where the injury was and repairing the same, and
as the pumps had gone back on them at the crit-
ical moment, why, the fate of the brig seemed to
be certain.

The crew accepted this view of the situation, as

they thought the thief mate ought to know what .3.’ —_’

 

 

 THROUGH THICK’ AND THIN I7

  
      

‘he was talking about, and so they went cheerfully the vessel coming to a stop nearly shook Bob and
to work to water and provision the boats for what the steward from their hold on the ladder. They
.was understood to be a short trip to the nearest zdoth tliougl;‘t.the end liiad c’-Ioﬁne as the btrig car§en-
‘ land. over on er port si e. ere was a remen ous-
:: The men were kept steadily at work at the crash above them, as the cases of stores in the
r- pumps, and encouraged to do their best, as Cap- lazaretto shifted and fell in a heap on the down
 , tain Green wanted it to subsequently appear that side. Then, like the calm that follows a_ heavy
gs;-L he had done his best to try and save his vessel. shock of earthquake, the brig lay quite still, and
When on consultation with Ruggles the captain naught was to be heard but the gurgle of the
, wasvsatisﬁed that the brig would go down within SWll'll!lg' water about the stern. Bob was the first
:5  hour, he gave orders for the men to take to to recover his presence of mind. Clearly some
'-‘,4 the boats which had been towing alongside for important change had come over the situation.
' some little time. Each man was perm_itted_to take The vessel was quite stationar_v—showiiig no
" a small quantity of his belongings with him, and further tendency to go forward on her undirected
the skipper and his oilicers also carried with them course, nor down into the depths.
their most valuable possessions- All being in “It must mean," thought the boy, with a gleam
_~;_« radiness, the three boats, each in charge of the of hope, “that the brig has run ashore some-
‘ uptain or one of the mates, pushed 0ﬁ'_ and 1814 Where."
their course for Watling’s Island. Neither the
second mate, nor any of the crew, had remarked
the absence of Sing}: S_mall, the steward, or Bob
' Ford, his assistant; or if he had he naturally sup-
b’:°t: tiff‘ t'°a3;“:(?fhhw;’;;;‘> Egg?‘ gigs: $35: The steward realized the meaning of the situa-
. 811)’ 1' , . v ' - ~ '
n» me mm» m we mo    and tan: 2:2: 3 :2: r:::°:.:::*.:;°:‘.*;::‘.*‘::..:z=:‘.:'.:
'53“ he 337° th‘ °"d°' t° “band?” the “ted listing‘ of the vessel on her beam meant.
"‘“1 ‘he inference ‘"5 that h-e beheved no mic “We no sink further at present ” he said to the
133 been accidenuny left behmdﬁ It W“ h“ boy “We ashore on some key—’—sandy island-
 “tY- 3" ‘my "‘t°' t'° see “at an hm hmds were plenty of such in this sea Now if find some way
dlkai oﬂ'.  so tlhe goatstrowed awaly to the to get oat we safe} '
a 11's‘-m’y“':35i1‘?t%uit?n£-ti  .sr?e’ «T375 f.;‘“E;: :*;:.:.':.: i.i:.‘".;;.::g::::°*:..:.':*i..:*:.§°":::
".“° mrther’ ‘nd the ‘felelmess Sea claimed her gether with the slant of the brig away from. the
1°’ its 9”“ And ‘U “us-um? Bob Fwd and-th-e trap gave him the idea that the cases had fallen
mmi“ s”"“d ‘ere hmgmg m helples-5 pmnm‘ awe’ from their former sition Sin ii Small
ty to approaching death to the ladder in the nar- 3' . 9° ' 3
row space between the bulkhead wall of the hold acted “PW 1!“ ".°'d ‘"9 °“°F» *"“‘» 5"“ °"°“€*'v
h - 1. V n of the tra easily _yielded to his hand.
and the rudder sternpost. '1‘ eir on 3. a e ue ucoog’, he cued exultanu “we ct out‘.
exit was blocked above them, and as the move- ' ’ V‘ 3

- He clambered through the opening with the
 meg °fw$:rvesselhg::hv:rm:;§ :?:h$9:: :1h‘;g§$:' lantern hanging to his arm, and then bent down ~
" ° ’°°° ' to help Bob out, too. The ﬂash of the light '

 their spirits sank lower and lower in their breasts, Showed amt an the “ores were piled in ‘rat .

.— 2rvvte}ll.y iiiielffnéhirt ti.1?pl.§'n‘i.st§‘i3ii?ci7?§etyhi'§§ §°nlf(usi°n dttithtlae wfénganv tgg tge hog; begs
‘.1 been listening for more than two hours ceased at ’° °“ 3.". °" °°“ 5°‘ 7° ”° ' “
the condition of the stores gave them no concern
» mt ""1 “W the °“]Y swnds “mt came -t° them at that momeut—tlieir thoughts were bent on get-
?‘ ‘"9 the swish °lf ﬂfmthsea ggmdfl ligamst the ting on deck and seeing where they were. There
s "°~'£i~.”1i’u‘3.‘f.i".-‘fi°u‘l.~ sZi§“sa32»f £33. bmt ;'.::.":.:‘: .*:.*.'E°°..::.*; ‘:..*°.‘i.°:;"‘:::*:.“=..:.;.*:.:'. ‘$3:
inc, 8 T0118 Iil€5|°°- “The Crew must “°w leave the brass-bound steps in front of the binnacle, which
1358- The)’ 11° m°""- “’°rk the Pump‘ _Tl."° ',,e3S°l _ held the compass, and stood up on the Aloping.
20 d0Wn 5005- W5 3°- t°°' An_ °V°r q‘“_°k'_ _ poop-deck, supporting themselves by the spokes of
Singh Small awaited death with a stolld mdIf~ the_wheel, with tho_early breeze playing through
ference characteristic of his race, _1n T139 b9Y3 their hair and fanning their cheeks. How glori-
Hind, however, a scone of conflicting‘ emotions ‘ pens it wafsttloe   gram the darkness and
up rigt‘ . ' rrors o it a prison ouse. “
 He was young and full of life, and death came The Eudora had poked her nose high aiid_dry
hard to him. At last, after an hour's interval, on the sand of the key, and then rolled over to
an hg began to grow indiiferent as to when their port. as if exhausted by her recent strenuous ex-
f.Q¢'fwa3 to overtake them. Thus the Eudora ertions to keep aﬂoat with so much salt water"
 forward under a rising vgeind which forced insidiet of her. A£p:él‘e!llItl_\' she had mg: upblher
~ . somewhat faster ahead on r erra ic course. mm 0 remain w e s e was un a vy ow
. sank lower and lower in the sea, but still she forced her further ashore, or dragged her back /
‘ to kee aﬂoat. At last, as the tropical into the sea that swirled about her y sub- _
 peepanﬁ gbove the watery horizon, she merged stern in disappointment at ving lost _ -“'
“ran smack upon the sandy shore of a small key— such a delicious morsel. ” _ _ k
e ﬂ ’ot*thenumer‘ous islets of the Bahama group. , We are safe at last, Bob, grinned Singln
 shore being low and shelving, she ran upon Small. Cheat Cap_’n Green and mate ltuggles.
’ ‘  more than half her length, and Make ‘em sweat bimeby, ‘and his siiaky eyes
-- ﬂied over on her beam ends. The shock of giittered ominously; ,
. i 2 -

    
   
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
     
  
    
 
   
  
  
  

CHAPTER XV.—-The Iron-Bound Chest.

    
   
 
   

 

   

  

 

 
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
   

18

Bob, however, had no part in the revengeful
feelings that moved the Hindu. He looked abroad
at the little island on which the brig had been
cast. It was scarcely more than a third of'a mile
long, and probably not over half that across at its
widest part. In the center, on a bit _of rising soil,
a cluster of plantain trees reared their long, leafy
heads to the breeze. There might have been
a dozen of them in all, in the midst of a patch of
tropical vegetation. There was nothing else on
the little island but sand. Ordinarily it was not a
desirable spot to be cast away upon; but any
port in a storm is the mariner’s adage, and Bob
was grateful for that bleak patch of solid ground
after his recent experiences. '

He and Singh Small left the stranded brig and
walked over to the plantain patch. There in the
shade of their long, ~ ~'ng limbs they looked
abroad on the water tin. surrounded their little
foothold in every direction.

“How are we going to get away from this
place?” asked Bob, as the important question
presented itself to his mind.

“How?” replied the steward. “Not so hard.
We build raft. No sink. Then ﬂoat to bigger
island, or some vessel pick us up. Begin to make
it soon as have something to eat. No tell how
long calm last. P’haps only day or two, maybe
two weeks. Maybe not twenty-four hours. No
tell anything in this latitude."

’ “All right,” answered the boy, cheerfully. “You
know more about it than I do. You’ve been at sea
a long time, while this is my ﬁrst trip.”

“I~been down this way six times," nodded Singh
Small, checking his Caribbean trips oﬁ on his
finger tips. “Bad place when wind blow heavy
and kick up nasty sea. No leave anything of brig
after two or three hours. Stpose she ‘blow away,

. too, while we eat? Everything aboard vessel."

“We -ought to bring some of the canned stuff
ashore and bury it in the sand. Then if a gale
comes up unexpectedly we won’t starve.”

“Good lan,” said the steward, nodding approv-
ingly. “ !do that bimeby, if weather look bad.
No waste time if not.”

They returned aboard of the brig, and Bob re-
niaiifed on the titled deck while Singh Small got
something to eat and drink for both. When they
had ﬁnished their meal the steward got out a saw,
hatchet, and other toolsfor the construction of
the raft he had in view. Bob was satisﬁed to let
the Hindu direct matters, since his nautical ex-

“perience was now of great advantage to them.
The brig had a couple of spare spars lashed for-
ward, and these with Bob’; help were soon cut
loose and shoved overboard with a mooring rope
attached to each. Two smaller spars were found
secured on top of the galley-house. These were

\

»rased as cross-pieces, and under the steward’s

.’*direction securely, lashed with stout ropes at the
ends of the long ones, forming a parallelogram,
the base on which the raft was to be built. Two
empty water casks were lashed. one at each end
' of the raft, to give it buoyancy. The doors of the
four staterooms were unhinged and securely nail-
ed across the raft to form the foundation of the

A portion of the galley was then taken

apart, and the boards thus obtained were used to

raise the deck A foot above the base. By this

5 1.‘, time a prehty substantial rafifhad been construct-

THROUGH THICK AND THIN

c

ed, but there was still considerable work to be
done on it. Singh Small, however, said it was
time to knock off for dinner, and Bob was glad
to quit for a while, as he was not used to labor-
ing under a tropical sun. They did not resume
work until ﬁve o’clock, when a fresh breeze
sprang up and tempered the sultriness of the
air. The steward dumped out the contents of
the carpenter’s chest, and several of the chests
in the forecastle that had necessarily been aban-
doned by their owners when they quit the brig,
and these were lashed with ropes and also nailed
around the outer edges of the raft. Singh Small
proposed to ﬁll them with canned goods, and such
other provisions as would not be affected by salt
water. Next morning the canned provisions were

taken from the Endora’s storeroom and placed '

in the chests on the raft. Then while the steward
was putting up a kind of mast, with a cross-piece
to support a small section of canvas to be used

as a sail or an awning, as circumstances might"

dictate, Bob got a spade and started for the
plantain grove to dig a shallow trench in which
he intended to stow away three small boxes of
canned goods in case they would be needed by
anybody cast away like themselves. He selected
an inviting place in the midst of the trees, and
began to dig. He had turned up perhaps a dozen
shovelfuls of sand when the edge of his spade
string: something hard that gave out a metallic
soun . g

Wondering what the obstruction could be, Bob
cleared away the loose sand from the top of it, and
then discovered that it was a small cedar chest of
ancient manufacture, clamped with iron bands,
and covered with numerous iron knobs. It had
evidently been a very long time hidden in the
sand of the key, and looked for all the world
like one of the old treasure chests of a century
or two previous. _

“Gee whiz'!” exclaimed Bob, in some excite-
ment. “I wonder what's in it ?”

 

CHAPTER .XVI.——The Treasure Trove.

The discovery of the iron-bound chest in the
sand of the key temporarily put to ﬂight Bob’:
plan of burying the three cases of canned

“I wonder what's in it?” repeated Bob, half
aloud, as he knelt down and with his ﬁngers

scraped the sand ‘away from the quaint-looking,‘

old-fashioned lock. “From its appearance it looks
as if it held something of value.”
Resuniing work around it with his shovel, he

‘soon had it entirely uncovered. When he tried to _

lift it out of its bed he found it altogether too
heavy for him to move.
“I must call Singh Small," he said.

‘3._.A£‘13l..'Y)vi'i..'.J.'_>. .;-.. .~.-1.4» ..-A. . ..:.....4..&'i;-Kﬁ.ii’.g::r.I'n.i..IK‘)!

. _. \,~1}_.;um..-: .-

' So he returned to where the steward was busily .- ,-

engaged_ upon the raft.
“See I have found something in the sand among
those trees,” he said to the Hindu.

“What you found?-" asked the steward, pausing’

in his work.
“An iron-bound chest.”
“I go look at it,” said Singh Small.
He accompanied’ Bob_ to the spot where the
chest lay.« He too tested the weiglit of it. .
“We break open and see what’s inside. Maybe

money," he remarked with an avaricioua_llea_ﬂ. _'

/rd‘

  

  

THROUGH THICK AND THiN

r- in his snaky eyes.
‘ . W018.” '
, Singh Small fetched a heavy hammer and a
cold chisel, with which he attacked the brass-
bonnd lock. It seemed to defy his best efforts.
Not until he smashed in the woodwork‘around it
did he get the chest lid to open. The sight that
then met their astonished eyes almost took away
. their breath. The chest was chock full of old-
_ fllliioned jeweled -watches, small silver and gem
 encrusted church ornaments, numerous gold snuff -
.‘ boxes and similar ‘articles, while underneath these
 was _a thick layer of fat~looking bags which, on
-' investigation, proved to be full~ of Spanish gold
‘. pieces. Altogether, the chest held a fortune.
‘You ﬁnd, Bob, but me want half,” said the
Hindu, with gleaming eyes. “You no want all.
No carry away without help. You- ﬁnd, me help
-_ carry away,’ ivide even. What you say?”
 f‘Sure,""  Bob, who had no objection to
" this arrangement/though it wouldn't have made
. -any diﬂerence if he had kicked.
.- Singh Small would have taken half anyway.
It is not improbable that if the Hindu had not
p taken a great liking for /the boy that he would
'_have rapped Bob on the head then and there with

“You wait here; I get some

.4

‘>2

“"__ m hammer, and taken possession of the entire ‘

‘Looks like some piratical treasure-trove, does-
; ‘ n’t it, Singh?" said Bob, his nerves tingling at the
 idea of possessing .even one-half of so much
‘ _wealth. - .
.. .. The steward agreed with him.
”_ “We divide now. Each take half," he said.
 ‘ ‘We can divide the money,” said Bob, “but the
-1 other st'uﬂ‘—how can we tell its value ‘.'"
_ ‘No matter about that. You take ﬁx-st pick,
’. thenul take piece. That good way. Both satis-

log.

in‘

 _ Bob thought that was a good way out of the dif-
‘ ﬁmlty, so they proceeded to sort the different
articiea out as their judgment dictated. When the
mwas done the boy was of the opinion that he

the ‘best of the bargain; still he could not be
‘certain about it. Bob suggested that they each
get a small box and nail the shit! up in it.
’ t “Then when we leave the raft we can take them
~ with us, and nobody will knyw what is in them,”

he added '

‘i

7 \.

    
   
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
    
  
   

“You have good head, Bob,” replied Singh
Small, and the plan was accordingly carried- out.
-The -weather continued ﬁne, and they were
steady to leap the key next morning.

»-‘We'll take the brig’s log with us,” said Bob,
1'5! evidence that we belonged to the Eudora. We
must make our statement at the ﬁrst port we
reach that has American consul. Could you
$1.“: the position of this key with the bri_g's
inst:-aimeiits? It will be necessary that an in-
Vutigation be made into the character of the

' pa‘; cargo in order to substantiate our
-ﬂhrges, and bring Captain Green and his chief
‘ ~ to 5-astigyf . . .

' Smal s‘ nautical education, however, did
‘-  of his accomplishing the object aimed

"llf'ﬂesa'we can determine the position of this

ck teiﬂnd it again,” said Bob, disappoint-

  

   

it will be like looking for a needle in’

19

“Sorry, but can't help you out," replied the
steward. “All I know is that Watling’s Island is
no great way from here."

“But it may be north, south, east, or west from
here."

“Most likely southwest or west."

“But there are lots of small islands like this
one in the Bahama group, aren’t there ?"

Singh Small nodded. ' ‘ .

“The sea full of little keys same as this-nobody
ever stop at them."

The best that Bob could do was to draw a pic-
ture of the appearance of the key and then mark
its position in connection with the brig’s com-
pass. ‘

That showed that the island pointed northeast
and southwest. It was about noon when they
pushed off, with their sail set to catch the light
breeze then blowing. In the course of an hour all
they could see was the indistinct form of the
stranded brig, and this vanished in the waste of
water within the next hour. A strong breeze
sprang up after sundown. and propelled the raft
faster through the sea. This continued all night,
but the weather dropped to a complete calm next
morning, and all that day the raft lay apparently

<$;tionary upon the surface of the Caribbean

Sea.

They made some progress to the southeast that
night under a light wind which next morning ﬁned
down to nothing again, as another dead calm set
it. That night the ‘passed close to Mariguana—
a good-sized island—without knowing it, and were
ﬂoatin through Caicas Passage next morning
when t e sun arose. The current switched them
around to the north of Little Inagua Island, and
on the succeeding day they caught a distant view
of Great Inagua, which lies about sixty miles
north of Cape Maysi, the extreme eastern point
of Cuba. ,They kept the island in sight all day.
saw several sail at a distance, but none came near
enough to make them out, and once more night
set in. Three d8)'S.l8T8l‘ they were abreast of
Cape Maysi, about twenty miles to the east, and
at the entrance to the Northwest Passage. They
sailed along the passage for many days. seeing
many vessels, but none close enough for them to
signal. That afternoon a long, rakish-looking
West Indian boat have in sight, and was seen to:
be hearing down on them.

“There's a chance for us at last," said Bob, as
they watched the craft coming nearer and nearer
under the influence of a smacking breeze. “I'm

pretty nearly sick of this old raft, which is going ‘I

v

goodness knows where.”

Singh Small grinned, for he recognized the ,

‘character of the approaching boat. Two hours
later, in obedience to the steward's signals, the
‘strangemraft hove to close aboard of the raft and
sent a boat to them. Singh Small held a pow-wow
with the black fellow in charge and learned their
true position. An agreement was entered into by
which the West Indian was to land them -at
Kingston, whither he was bound, in exchange
for everything on board the craft except the con-
tents of the two treasure boxes, the character of
which the Hindu was careful to keep a profound

secret. Accordingly, the native boat came along- I I. ‘~,
made.  2 v

side and the transfer was

  

  

 ‘N 1 , the position of

20

. ‘ CHAPTER XVII.-—-Conclusion.

i- Toward noon next day the craft entered the

land-locked harbor of Kingston‘, for its size one

. of the best in the world. The steward and Bob
- Ford went ashore just as soon as the boat made
fast to her-wharf, and they secured a small native

cart to carry the two heavy treasure boxes to a

small inn near the water-front. Leaving the
boxes in charge of the proprietor of the inn, who

of course did not suspect the real nature of their
contents, Bob Ford and Singh Small proceeded to

the oﬁice of the American consul. Here’ they told

the story of the ‘loss of the Eudora and the vil-

_ lainy of the skipper and his chief mate—a story

that seemed almost incredible to the consul. The
consul accompanied them to the oﬂice of the
Kingston ﬁrm to whom the Eudora was con-
signed, and there Bob told his story over again

in almost the same words. The gentleman held
a'consultation as to the best thing to be done.

_.The greatest diﬂiculty in the way, of course, was

_ the inability of either Bob or Singh Small to lo-
cate the little island. Finally the consul decided

to pay a visit to a small American cruiser which

was in the harbor, and have a conference with her

. csptain.- He did this at once, taking the boy an!“
_— the Hindu with him.

The captain decidedthat the matter was of suf-
ficient importance for him to cable the Navy De-
partment for instructions. By noon next day he
was ordered to roceed north and try to locate

e stranded brig and secure the
necessary evidence of this alleged crime on the
high seas: Bob and Singh Small were requested
to accompany the cruiser. Before they went they
deposited the treasure boxes in the Anguo-Ja-
maican bank for safety. The captain of the cruiser
sailed to a point that corresponded to the position
of the Eudora on the night she was scuttled, as
Q entered in the log by the secondmate just before
E‘ the brig was discovered to be sinking. Taking

;__ this as his base, and making allowances for the
‘ C presumed distance covered by the sinking craft
W _‘ up to sunrise next morning when she went ashore
 on ‘the key, the captain began his search for the
‘ ' island, which Bob said could easily be identiﬁed
by the presence of the stranded brig or the cluster
of plantains in thecenter of its area. The cruiser
.lay_to ‘during the night after the search for the
key began, so as not to pass it in the darkness,
and continued her cruise with the ﬁrst light of

 

rﬂ ‘_

 

 

 fdawn. Luck assisted them, for at noon that day
"  /‘the island, with the wreck of the Eudora in plain
3 ’,; .view,'was sighted. More than half of the auger

holes completed by Ruggles were in plain view.
All the holes were found and plugged securely, a .
’ cable was then stretched from the cruiser to the
~ .'Eudora’s stern, and she was pulled intp deep
-_.water. A considerable quantity of water still re-
v mained in her hold, but it was gradually got rid of
: on her way back to Kingston by a careful exer-
 of the damaged pump. When the brigwas
‘ , bibught up alongside a wharf and unloaded the
 character of the bulk of her cargo was re-
; vealed. In the ‘meantime it was learned that
bﬂaptain Green, his oﬂicers and crew had put in at
N ’ in New Providence Island, and from there

 
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   

 
   
 

4... ,
.

‘Q’

g   the -United  .When ,

  

.THR.OUGH THICK AND THIN ’

the exposure of the crime of the Eudora was -

made at Kingston, the papers of New York had

already noted the arrival of Captain Green and

sui-vivors_of the supposedly lost brig, and had

Enacted his story, which was corroborated by all
an s.

The owners presented their claims for the
marine insurance, supported by the sworn state-
ments of the officers and crew. A private dispatch
detailing the true particularsof the case was sent
to the Board of Marine Underwriters, and on the
strength of this Captain Green, Chief Mate Rug-
gles and the owners of the Eudora were arrested
by United States marshals and haled before the
commissioner, who held them pending further
oevelopments. Bob Ford and Singh Small, to-
gether with their treasure boxes, were soon en
route to New'York, where they arrived 3, week
later. Their appearance in court ca .26. conster-
nation to the hearts of Captai Green and Chief
Mate Ruggles, while their evidence, backed up

.i.a'...

by sworn documentary proof of the character of 

the ‘Eudora’s cargo‘, as discovered at '
settled the fate of all the accused, who 
media-tely convicted and sent to prison for a long
term of years.‘ '
The Custom House had something to say about
the gontents of the treasure box, and levied a duty
on everything but the actual money. _
All told, Bob found himself worth somet 7
over $100,000, while Singh Small’s share total
up about $85,000. The steward decided he would-
nt go to sea any more, and as an earnest of that
purpose he bought a good-sized hotel out on Long
Island and established himself as the proprietor
thereof. As for Bob, he couldn't get back tg
Factoryville any too quick, and his appearance
one morning, dressed like a magnate.-’s son, at the
front door of Warren Hastings home, caused a
great sensation to the family, who had all been at
sea over his unexplained disappearance. Bob
found that the diﬂiculty between the factory

that the mills were in full blast again. He also

~ owners and their hands had been patched up, and ,

found that William Maddox and his pal, Jig‘.

Rolfe, had been convicted without his evidence.

and that they had been sent to prison for some .. .

years. As Bob Ford was now worth $100,000 at
least, he was a boy entitled to some considerati
therefore when he asked Mr. Hastings if he won]
act as his guardian that gentleman promptly ac-
cepted the trust, and Bob was invited to become
one of the family. He gladly a ted, to an
great )0)’ of_ both Myrtle and Edith 

nicest boys in the world. He at once attended the
Factoryville high-school. When he graduated ha
Went to :1 Well-known academy, and from there to

. astings.who= ~
regarded him as a young hero and one of tho" '

Cornell University, where he eventually graduated . L 

with high honors.
degree he was married to: Myrtle H '

they went to the West Indies on their bridal trip.
On their return ‘to Factoryville, Warren

took Bob into his" firm as a full partner, and then 0
he is to-day, with everything at his disppal 

make life wo’i'th living, a living examplg of g
who was successful through thick and thin.

Next_week’s issuewill contain “DOING
LE_vs_L ..Bi~:s'r; for, WoaK1NG,;ms,w..ur_;

_ ?"f'.’

A month after he received his ’ ;‘?
and ‘

  
 

1
1 .

  
    
  
 

   
     
 
      
       
      
 
     
    

A "ONE-TON cow -

- Idaho/is the ﬁrst cow in that State to weieh

,;more than a ton, topping the scales at 2,015
mounds just before fresheninq. She produced
more than twenty tons of’ milk in the year, the
exact figure being 40,995.? pounds. . ,

  

‘BOY PRlSONER SWIMS RlVER

raham Katz, seventeen, of No. 327 East
E3‘ th Street, New York, escaped from the House
of efuge, Randall's Island, the other afternoon,
iwam across the East River and climbed to n.
at 116th Street. A taxicab chauffeur found
. _' shivering on thewharf and notiﬁed Patrol-
non Sammons, who called an ambulance from

.

   

  

  

the institution by Chief Parole Oﬁicer Helbring.
‘The oﬁicials of the institution refused to tell how
tat: eluded the guards.

  

-FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
 NEWS

A Holstein cow owned by the University of‘

e

FOR FRESH DATES

Some soil in desert cases has not suﬂicient heat
to mature dates. This is due to unusual radia-
tion, depending upon local conditions.
been found to mature the fruit artiﬁcially, how-
ever, and being simple and inexpensive, it is ‘like-
ly to be put to practical use. A metal oven is
used of the same temperature as the soil under
the most favorable conditions. Here the dates
are kept for three days.

the fruit is sweet and aromatic. It is predicted

that this will do away with the dried and pressed _

dates with which we are all familiar, as this sys-
tem restores the freshness to fruit which has

been too long upon the trees in the sunlight. the 5 ’

artiﬁcial humidity insuring juiciness and ﬂavor.

- It is expected also that ultimately fruit may be‘

exported in these ovens to long distances, al-

though in that cases man would have to be del-. ' '

egated to attend the oven to registpr its tempera-
ture and to see that the fruit did not remain too
cog in it. ‘

Just to show you,

  

" "wax;

   

u

BY CHANGE,” by

   

  
 

r-9 Ar

   

4 ’ LOOK BOYS, LOOK!

 Did you know that “Mystery Magazine" now contains more stories than it
ever did? And they are crackerjacks!

read this list of contents for No. 156, on all newsstands: '_

"ran MEDICINE nnoppam
' ,; \ A detective novelette by G. P. WILSON
- ‘ \ “WITH EYES AND NOSE”
A two-part story-by RALPH E. DYAR
DOES «YOUR HANDWRITING "FELL?" '  a « -
A special article by LOUISE RICE

TRAPS FOR ‘THE UNWARY”
_An article by POLICE-CAPTAIN nowann

 T. ms -"mas:-: sroiuss AND Aaricuas:

‘SEICK TO ‘YOUR PRISONER," by Jack Bechdolt;_ “THE STRING," by '
 Marriott; “ THE, SHADES? M'YSTERY,”‘bY Dr. W. J. Campbell; .
Joe Burke; “THE L =
, f‘THE CRIME DETECTOR,” “ROBBERIES INCREASE INSUR- 
T RATES,” YTRUTH SERUM," “MENTAL CURE F — "
*. " ED SWINDLER,” “JAIL PRISONERS GET NAR

5» «'3: ‘OF  YARD” and‘“$‘ECRET SERVICE WARNS 

   

CAGE,” by Hamilton i

as" “mm 1
ones," ‘THE’

A way has ‘

At the end of this time 

 

 

v

      
     
   
     
 
    
     
       
    
   
      
        

 _z'

22,

 

ROB ms THE _REPORTERS(
— Or» —- .
Hustling for War News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER III continued).

date Garvey in the way he wanted by giving him
the news in advance of the other reporters, but
’ _ just the same he knew he had played a double
' ~ game and felt disgusted with himse f.
A The night wore on ;. the storm continued. Rob
thought he had never known [the wind to blow
harder even in his native Newfoundland.
Shortly after midnight Mr. Finch went into
another room and lay on a bed. , J
f‘If you want me call me, Rob," he said. “I'm
' ’ going to take a nap.” '
'During the next hour Rob pulled of and dis-
’ posed of all sorts of exciting war news, but noth-
: «ting came that" seemed to render it necessary "to
awaken Mr. Finch. - _
I After one there was a lull, and Rob was having
Tdiﬂjculty in keeping awake, when all at once
;,there came to him on the wind a startling cry:
“Help! Murder! Help!"
'_ Rob threw up a window, and as he did so the
c came again, seemingly from no great distance.
fhﬂr. Finch came running out of the other room.
_ ‘ “Did you hear that?" hecried. ‘
g: “I” certainly did!’,’ answered Rob.
‘  _"Are you game to take a revolver and go out
y and see if you can help? I'd go myself, but I'm
inst recovering from an attack of asthma, and
I ‘I'm afraid I shall lose my wind.” i
“I'll go, sir!" cried Rob, "but I'm afraid it's
too late.” - ‘
"Pm afraid so. .
1' He"did~ so, and gave Rob a revolver which
, he took out of a‘ drawer.

   
  
  

  

 
  

Here, I’ll light a lantern.”

hold is to cross the, point. *Whatever hip-

miut have taken place on East Beach,
. gun; from the sound.“

fljlip point wasjust sand and bayberry bushes,
hmongst which Rob cautiously made his way.
So was soon. across the point, des its the fact
_. he had to face the wind, on he started
aside: the beach, ﬂashing his lantern about, until
 once: he came gist of a man lying face
near a small hut which

I  

’ V iihilo his cl_othea  been
torn. at. 12133» but despite Q15} son 

hast

  

 
     
   
 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

It did not seem so bad, afterall, to accommo-

“Be careful, now,” he cautioned. “I think your 7

I some time andﬂnd it hard to boline
“He certainly\ did, sir,"  g

 

knows?”  mqaager
151» f 

 
 

» “French!
‘ cried Rob.
“ “Oh, I_have been terribly beaten,’_’ he groaned. — 
They tried to strangle me, too. Are they gone?” “
“I have seen no one, but I heard you cry fax‘-Vi
help. Who were they? Why did they attack 

you?” . ,
The eyes closed, and.

What happened to you? Speak!”

There was no reply.
French lay still.
This ‘time’ Rob was sure he was dead.
But it was only a faint, from which the poor
fellow speedily revived. ' '
gR0b was now able to get his on his feet.
_ “Lean on ‘me, and I’ll get you over to the sta- 
gon,"  sal1d,hkindlt);. t ‘l‘1Don’t try to talk now.‘ 
ou wi ony ave e our sto over again’
to Mr. Finch.” y ry .
_“Is h ethere to-night?” groaned French. “What
will he say when he sees me like this?” ’
There was no smell of liquor on his breath that
Rob could detect, but he assumed that Garvey .
had spokes the truth and that French had been '
drinking. l .
With the greatest diﬂiculty he got him over
to the’ wireless station, where‘ he dropped into a
chair, looking more dead than alive. 
It was a relief to Rob that the manager spokp
kindly to him and gave him a drink of water. "‘ “
“Now then, French, what does all this mean!”
he asked. “Have you been drinking?”  ' ,

         
         
          
       
 

   
 
 

   
  
 

“No, sir! I never drink.” ‘ ‘ p

“I never knew you to. Explain. Who at]. 
tacked you?” i ‘-

“Two men". .I don't know their names,’ but It

knoahwho put up the job on me.”
u 0- I v . ‘
‘‘'I_‘hat scoundrel Garvey, who tried to bribe me 
to giye him the censored news."
"Did he do that?” cried the manager, sternlya
“Yes, he did. Listen, Mr. Finch. I was on
my way to work, and as usual I took the sort 
intending to strike across the point. I was sad-
denly set upon by two toughs, who beat me
you see menorw and dragged me into a hu ‘
here on East Beach. While they thought I'waa
unconscious, they talked, and that’s how I cum
tyo llitméw ttliat Garvey brought them from Noﬁ
or or e express purpose of beat’n
When they found I wasn't dead they ‘tiledgmn: ' -,
I remained so for hours. At last they 
lhggaang tI tltouﬁhtththeynliad gone fogdgobd, ‘
ge ohrea eco san ci-aw outshfg
when_ one of the ‘jumped on me and tried"
‘sitran}§e_me£h iglgt was thientiime I §alled.ninnp
er. ping a rown niig ear. may ha}
scared them. or gerhaps when I becamé 11 ~ ,
scious they thong t I was dead. The next ‘
this young man was bending over me.’’,
“This is certainly a terrible out " _ _
Mr. Finch. “Yet have known Hr.  I

    
   

     
  

  
    
   

  
   
  

  
       
        
  
 
  

   
  
  
  
 
    
   

   
    
       
   
 
 

  
 
      
       
 
       
  
   

any band in it.’.?

   

‘ﬁlial What’ do

   

we In-en’:  «ii

  

     

V..<'. — ‘ ACROSS THE CONTINENT
The completion of the first railway which made
..it possible to go by rail from the Atlantic to the
‘- " Pacific was celebrated May 10, 1869, when a gold
I spike was driven -in commemoration of the join-
‘ ing of the Central’ Paciﬁc and Union Paciﬁc rail-
uroads at Promontory, Utah. The scene was com-
. meinorated by Bret Harte in a poem and pre-
 served for the admiration of the future by a mas-
‘’ "give painting, which 'was_rreproduced in an -en-
trzravinz . . .
" ’lar last spike of the Northern Paciﬁc was driven

 S'e mber 8, 1883, near the mouth of Gold Creek
V in ontana. On the earlier road the ﬁrst through
9; carvfrom the Paciﬁc reached New York July 24,

 1870. Canada's first trans-continental road opened
. -8 generation later. _
:. ' BEGGAR ASLEEP IN A ROYAL
.-(FINDS APARTMENT
T ~ The Countess Peretti, de la Rocco, wife_ of the
' Director of Political Affairs of the Foreign Of-
;?,__ﬁ¢e, discovered a man asleep in the royal apart-
’ ment in the Quai d’0rsay, which had been re-
-_-g"e13ved for King Ferdinand and Queen Marie of
Romania, who are expected to arrive soon in
Paris. . _
 The. Countess raised an alarm and the in-
‘ truder was arrested. ‘He confessed that he had
slept in the apartment two nights. The police
"assert that he is a professional beggar. V ._
The Countess, who. is well known in Washing-
n, Mexico City and Santiago, Chile, received
ngratulations from her friends for causing the
arrest of the man.

 

  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
    
  
    
  

BUSY ONASPRUCE aim
 3 mine are now busy in northwest
‘foi-el;t:c‘l'ia§'uvestinlgs a unique crop worth about
00,000. Some spruce gum diggers orinckgrs
o are industrious and ‘real woodsmen bring
_gt gleanings valued at $1,500 for six weeks’

To these workers gum gathering is a vacation,

" , in the open with wild game for food and

' ,. tn building hiking in the dense ‘woods seek-

jgg the gun deposits. About three-score workers

. ’_ g entered the spruce timber this season, but

levers] hundred might. easily ﬁnd rich territory to
~anice pieceo pm'_money. A‘ .« _ _

V A amvas pgck bag, light ax and a miniature

” handed ‘pick-ax are the tools needed. The

nodules are often many feet above’ ‘the

... improvised ladders are fashioned to

. the‘ ets. Most of the gum, however,

 of cracks within, easy reach. A

 
 
     
 
  
     
   
  
  
   
  
  
     
 
 

c ,

_-11~rri-:izEs'riN'G ITEMS ,
r . . . .. §;gil.[,~ for use in places where or-
 lftﬁle *+°%°°*.'°‘*°*‘v ‘*7’ ‘E G°"‘““"

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
GOOD READING

which had wide popularity. The simi-'

.;_;g‘work for ii hustler averages '26 to 30

 :1s6,‘we,sq‘-2_ad_stree;;.‘_ 3.

23

only in Western Persia. It is only ﬁve feet high‘,
and snow white. -

Some of the spiders found in Javanese forests
spin webs so thick and strong they are like silken
cords, and have to be cut with a knife.

Many years ago, in Persia, it was the custom.
for domestic servants to.have two of their front
teeth extracted. Their absence denoted servitude.‘

The invention of the automobile is creditted
to Captain,Planta, a Swiss. As early as 1760 he
designed and operated a road carriage which-ran
by steam power.

The leading wrestlers of Japan are well-formed ‘
men, of good size. With most of them wrestling
is an occupation which has been handed down
from father to son for many generations:

German subjects are vaccinated during the first
few months of life, again on reaching the age of-
12,- and all males a third time on commencing .

1

. their term of compulsory military service.

‘The bones of aged people have more lime in
them than those of the young, and therefore are
more brittle. This is the reason why a fall is apt
to be more hurtful to an elderly person than to"
a young person.

Hollow» concrete tile blocks will be made at Pan-

. ama, and the canal commission has arranged for

the erection of a plant for their manufacture.
Most of the buildings in the new town of Balboa
will probably be constructed of these blocks.

“Mystery Magazine”
SEMI-MONTHLY 10 CENTS A COP_Y . , .

-—«- .LA'l‘ES’l' ISSUES -—~_.

DIRECT ACTION. by Dr. Barry Eaton.

THE F()O’l‘PRIl\'TS ONVTHE CEILING, by con.
1-‘. Oursler. 1 . ‘

THE ONE CHANCE. by Thomas Ripley ' . ,

WEAPONs ow HATE, by Eric Howard. _ *

IN RESERVE, by F'rank~Bnghton. ' _ ' ,

THE HOUSE ON THE ROCKS, by Jack Bechdolt.— : ~ '

The following and future numbers
Prlco I5 CCIIC

- LAUGHING DEATH’S TRAIL ' 
By NELS LEROY JORGENSEN -  '.

out Today in No. 150- 

, BARRY E. woi.Fi«‘,’ Publisher, Inc.  _ ‘-
I65 West 23d Street New York \ﬁty 7 ‘

149
150

151
152
.153
154

of’ this mags-in I

A Weekly Manila ltoyooed to Photoplayg ‘.1 gm."  “
-PRIICE EIGHT CENTS PER COPY '

-Each number contain Three
on the Screen— nt~E
—Interest1ng lrtlceo Abo
llﬂlino-—DolntI 0! Actor! and A
and Lessons in scenario Writing.

,!'iAR'RY,E.MOLF1?E_]?obliahei-,-51"’ "  V;

 

*9..."

    

-5 g: 54.. .v)f,,,"f_'»}_§§r':' .

     

24

3

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND HINTS

MODULATION TRANSFORMER
The microphone used for transmission in con-
tinuous wave radio telephony is generally con-
nected to the oscillating system through the
modulation transformer, which allows the con-
tinuous wave to be properly varied at voice fre-
quencies.
MAGNIFIED SOUND
It is reported that science has found a way
to make a pin drop sound like a crash. Dr. J.
T. Roberts, giving a practical demonstration
along with his lecture on “The Wonders of Wire-
less” at the Westminster Central Hall, London,
used ampliﬁers and magniﬁed the sound of a
pin dropping to the ﬂoor so that it sounded like
a crowbar striking the ﬂoor.‘ Salt poured on the
ﬂoor sounded like boulders falling.

A GOOD TESTER '

Here is the easiest way to tell the positive
from the negative binding post of a storage bat-
tery: ‘ ‘
If a polarity indicator is not handy the qJolar-
ity may be determined by placing the wires from
the terminals of the battery in a glass of salt
water. ‘The wires should not be too-close to-
gether. Bubbles will gather at the negative wire
under the surface of the water.

A HOOK UP

This is the way to hook up a crystal set, using
a variometer, variocoupler and a variable con-
denser.

The switch arms of the coupler primary should
be connected in series with the aerial and
ground. The variometer is connected in series
with the secondary of the variocoupler and the
variable condenser so that it—is in shunt across
both of them. The crystal and phone condenser
form the detecting circuit "which are in series,
and then connected to the terminals of the vari-
able condenser. The telephones are connected
across the terminals of the phone condenser. The
condenser need not have a high capacity; .00025
infd. being large enough.

BALL TYPE VARIOMETER

This is a ball shaped tuning apparatus con-
sisting of a ﬁxed or stationary outer winding
and a concentrically mounted inner movable
winding. The two windings are connected in
series and may be mounted on molded insulation
or wood. They are usually wound with the same
number of turns of the same wire. Variometers
may be obtained with suﬁcient winding to cover
a wave length of from 150 to 600 meters using
the average antenna. The variometer is well
adapted as a tuning device for receiving circuits.
 g it in series in the antenna circuit and

the ball or inner winding the induc-
tunes of the winding can be varied at will. The
variometer can also be used as a direct coupled
tuning transformer.

1

When used in this connec-
tion the variometer is connected in series with
‘ the  and the ground while a variable oon- /denser are shorted ‘at’ sonie point.

 

denser _and the crystal detector are shunted
around it. This circuit is well adapted for short
wave work.

WIRE FOR COILS \

_Th1’9e KQVGTDIHE factors in the selection of
wire for coils are resistance, insulation and sur-
face. If the wire is too small, resistance will
impede the current ﬂow. High-frequencv cur.
rents travel over the surface of a conductor and
not within it. The greater the surface the easier
it is for the currents to pass. No. 18 and No. 22
wire are. generally recommended for use as
primary coils because of their surface and low
resistance. No. 24 and No. 26 wire serve well
as secondary windings.

Theoretically, stranded wire, such as Litz-an-
draht, is more suitable than,solid wire but the
difference in the results in receiving broacasting
stations does not warrant the additional expense
Litzendraht is to be recommended for loop an-
tennae and coils for high wave length reception
because of its larger surface.

Single cotton covered, silk covered or enameled
wire works well for windings of the ordinary
coils. Double covered wire should be used for
spiderweb and honey-comb coils and bank wind-
ings. Defects in thin insulation when it is
stretched and twisted in the winding process are
likely to cause short circuits. Shellac should
not be used to cover the windings as a protection
from moisture. Paint or dip the coils in col-
lodion. Shellac increases the capacity effect.

VARIOMETERS AND VARIAB-LE
CONDENSERS

A variometer is a tuning device similar in
many'ways to the_ variocoupler, but differing
from it in the relation of outer and inner coils,
which are connected to form a continuous wi,-¢_
The variometer ﬁnds its greatest application in
the two varionieter and coupler feedback set.
The variometer consists of a set of ﬁxed wind.
ings and a set of movable windings, the latter
being rotatedpon an axis in the usual fashion.
This instrument varies the inductance and there-
fore the wave length of any circuit in which it
is used.

When coils are tuned so that the currents
ﬂow in both coilsin opposite directions the coils

buck each other and the inductance and wave ,

length at a minimum.

A variable condenser across the secondary of
the variocoupler of a receiver serves to gdﬂ,
capacity to the circuit and permits a ﬁner de-
gree of tuning in the secondary circuit than
could be obtained merely by varying the value of
the inductance of the coupling.

A buzzer of the ordinary house with hat-
tery connected in series with the con ser would

indicate if any part of the condenser is short.'..

circuited. If the condenser is short-circuited the

buzzer will buzz as long as the circuit is kept '

closed. ‘This proves that the plates of the ‘

-...l- J»

  

_. .4 J.‘

 

 

 
 
   
 

 _ TUNING COILS

:, Beginning with the simplest ones hnd work-

ing up to and including the best types, coils are:
Single slide, double slide, loose coupler, vario-
coupler, variometer, honeycomb, duo lateral and
some special types, depending upon the circuit
employed.
. The single slide tuning coil consists of a card-
‘ 'board tube measuring four inches in' diameter
’ wound with ﬁfty turns of No. 22 wire spaced
closely together. One end of this coil is con-
: nected to the aerial and the other end to the
ground. The slider, a contact that slides across
the surface of the wires on a path-scraped bare
‘ though the insulation is connected to the de-
gj tector and the lower end of the coil. Connect
' the other end of the detector to the ground wire.
.' To tune a set having a loose coupler as tuning
- device set the coupling as tight as possible and
- tune in the desired signal -with the primary
-- coil. After this has been done tune in with the
secondary or inner coil until the greatest signal
strength has been reached. An attempt now can
be made to loosen the coupling somewhat until
the signals are just audible. Retune the set with
the primary coil or taps until the loudest signal
has been heard with the present setting or
Lcoupling. This will bring in less interference
from neighborhing stations.
The set must be adjusted to be in resonance
with» the transmitter so that the wave lengths
‘of both stations are the same. In order.to
change the characteristics of a receiver to p_ick
up, respective wave lengths a system of tuning
must be operated at each receiver.
“ A‘ tuning coil is a length of copper wire wound
around an insulated tube made either with paste-
«board, bakelite, mormica, hard rubber or ﬁber.
‘The wire used is generally copper. /The length
of the wire depends on the number of turns re-
quired and the diameter of the coil.

   
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 

RECEIVING SET CAN.BE ALTERED

‘neuter and his eternal seeking after new cir-
cuitc~and.combinations of circuits, a well-known
fnianufacturer has developed an outﬁt with parts

arranged that the connections may be in-
,afa.nt1y changed from one arrangements to an-
other to construct any form of renewing and
1. na-_ unit.

esxgn' ed with a sufficient number of turns of
to reach any wave groin 150 to 1,000 meters.
ith such a set it is possible to tune in amateur
.. son; with their range of 150 to 250_ meters,
%broadcast stations with their range limits of
236 to 536 meters or comenircial and compass
tions with frequencies equivalent to wave
-_ s between 450 and 1,000 metres. ‘
'0 construct a set of this type “*9 f°“°""718
. are necessary: An all-wave coupler, a
. .. variable condenser, socket and rheostat,
terminals,’ connecting wire and binding

is‘ an “all purpose” combination of standard
which by the mere rearrangement of
rs from one contact to another may-,-he
A into a single tube, single circuit set, with
A volume such, as regenerative or non-te-
e and by the addition of a two-stat!

r .

.\-

 

FAME ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

To cater to the whims of the radio experi-'

-The heart of the receiver is an all-wave tuner‘

25

ampliﬁer it can be made into a loud speaking
set. Furthermore, it may be changed to any
number of known circuits as well as enabling
the “experimenter" to try any new circuit that
he may conceive by merely making the changes
at the top of the inside panel. No soldering iron
or tools of any kind are required.

The “terminals,” which simplify the inter-
change of connections, are binding posts. By
shifting the “jumpers,” which are merely loops
of wire of varying lengths, from one set Of
terminals to another the functions of the cir-
cuits may be altered at will.

LACK OF APPLAUSE IN RADIO

The scanty article which is proving more than
performers can stand is applause.

If an artist exhibited his or her ability over
the microphone in 1922 the mails and telegraph
lines were crowded with fervent pronouncements
of appreciation from all points of the globe with-
in 1,000 miles from the station. The artists
felt that the applause, while not spontaxféous, was
nevertheless genuine and represented the real
feelings of the listeners.

Now there is keener competition between the
leading broadcast stations and the fans seem .«to
sense the fact. Instead of showing their appre-
ciation in some material form such as by phone
calls or letters they merely assume that some
one else will perform the courtesy. In former
times .it was said that the appearance of cer-
tain individuals or the program seemed to be
the signal for an avalanche of mail, the letters
sometimes aggregating 1,000 or more within
twenty-four hours. Nowadays the artist con-
siders himself or herself fortunate if the re-
sponse reached a total of 100.

Added to this reluctance on the part of the
audience is the reaction of some of the organi-
zations wi which artists are aiﬁliated. While
the persona movements of their members can-
not be controlled, these organizations are frown-
ing on the appearance of the members on the
radio programs without payment for their serv.-
ices. Just how far this indirect censorship will
alfect the programs is not known, but it is gen-
erally understood that many of the artists care
more for the widespread publicity which they
receive tha for the ﬁnancial recompense which
might be there.

As an artiﬁcial stimulation some enterprising
ﬁrms have devised applause cards with senti-
ments expressed in blank .‘.orm. It was hoped
that listeners having a supply of these cards
would indicate their thoughts on the blank spaces

and mail them to the broadcast station after -0

the conclusion of _each program. But this
method of applauding artists lacks a “kick.”

'Unléss-,the statement of appreciation comes from

the heart the words are as lifeless as the ‘usual
message on a picturepostcard. The artist feels
the lack of spontaneity even though several
hundred of the cards pour in.

Just where the solution lies has not been in-
dicated by any of those who discuss the problem.
Thepartists must have more applause if they are
to continue to perform without charge.‘ The
stations would like to see the increase, too, be-
cause it would- ngke the arrangements ‘of pro-
grams easier. é : ‘

 

 .._. Jl.

 
   
   
  
   
      
        
             
      
    
       
 

2;. ' .
. Fame and Fortune Weekly

NEW YORK, MAY 2,
TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS '

1924

Bingle Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...Potage Free 8L‘euts
. One Copy Three Months . . . . .. “ " $1.00
, One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. “ " 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . .. “ “ 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. 85.00.

HOW TO SEND MONEY—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check or- Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We acce t Postage
Stamps the same as cash. When sending s lver wrap
the Coin in a se arate piece or paper to avoid cutting
« the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
"Address letters to " '

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wolff, Pres.
Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. sec.
’ 165 W. 23d St, N. Y. l._l_. _l:‘. Wilzln. Treas.

 2 ITEMS or INTEREST ‘

XI-‘IND . SKULL or RACE ANTEDATING
-. . . ‘INDIANS -

"-,1 ,'_Eneavators employed by a construction con-

cern several da s ago unearthed a_h_uman skull

. ngér Los Ange es, Ca1., which v1_s1tm paleon-
" tel 'sts, including Dr.  C. Mernan_i,— resident
e Carnegie Institution of Washington, said
theybelieved to be a relic‘ of a._race older than
» either the Neanderthal or “t.he_ Piltdown man:

‘The skull is said by scientists who examm

3, a

if



  
     
   
   
 

2;

  

 
 

    
  

gnu gound inglacial sands b,eneath_ pleistocene
chysti.-ita, in the Valle which a few years _azo
gave up fragments of t e slgeletons of the‘ giant
cloth and the sabentoothed tiger. .. . _

9 The skull in being removed was broken into
--fragments, but these have been pieced together.

  

 

 TIC o TY LIFTS nan on 1-PIECE
 IBATHING surr «

*—Although bare legs were banned for-women
‘bothers in Atlantic C1 last summer, Mayor Ed-
»: 39;;-d L. Bader oﬁcialy announced that, during
' u;g‘eox‘;-ling season complete equahty of the--sexes
 prevail on the beaches of this resort. Use
of the one-piece bathing suit, with slutty 3135 '10
"fgﬁckings, may be considered regulation attire.
V ﬁnger Bader sgglplemented his decree by bang
.;'iIots>tr.ravhed sta .118. be‘.‘"e°“ “F9 7°11"? ‘"°“."
the approved §Wlmmlhj'hablhm€BtS. Their
§o‘g‘£u1nes.hQ described as both modest and 8Wm¢
,  C R ’ ,_ freedom of action in the-water. »
ﬁgpeiﬁmlly; the regulations call‘ for the bot-

   
  

 
 
       
  
  
  

 
  
  

   
    

“ nfvthestigh

" R the ‘ dithebottoin fthe skirt’
above lmeean ethe . .

$11!! 1' 

FA_ME ANU FORTUNE WEEKLY

   
   
 

to be diﬂerent in_ appearance from the skulls ,_
the typical obongine of North America, e_x- ,
of which haverecently been found in,
Southern California. It is not of the Indian type. »

ts to ‘be no shorter than four‘.

ul'st - to (it. ' 
. ..‘g,s.;":.‘.‘.‘;,'%’-'§x.x.:.,»s'l.:";'a“ E
;I~‘a1a,” the _

«

 

- A“BOUT CINNAMON

The ﬁnest cinnamon bark is produced in Cey-. V
ion, where the Portuguese found the tree grow— ".
ing wild when they arrived in the island in 1505, p ,'
says the Bulletin of the Imperial Institute. Since ‘ ‘Q
that date Ceylon has been famed for this spice, 
but owing‘ to the small ﬁnancial return it gives .
to the growers, much of the area under einna- ’ ‘
man in the island has been replaced by the more ,
proﬁtable cocoanut and rubber. Ceylon cinna- ._ 
mon, moreover, has had to compete, particularly" ; - 
in the Continental markets, with-a cheaper prod- .
uct of coarser ﬂavor from the Far East. Cinna.- 
mon bark teaches’ us in two forms: the ordinary 2;’
“quills,” used as spice, and “chips," which are *1
distilled for the production of cinnamon oil used“ 
in medicine. The leaves of the cinnamon trees '
yield an entirely different oil from that of the‘
bark; this ‘oil contains eugenol (the characteristic
constituent of oil of cloves) which is employed
in the manufacture of vanillin, the well-known 1
ﬂavoring ‘agent. Cinamon-leaf oil is produced L
largely in the Seychelles, in addition to‘the Ceylon’ 
crop. , . ’

 

  

 

  

“Our cook gives us the same thingat ‘every  
meal; “What does she give you?" 9‘Indi¢ves~‘
tion. - . ' '

an

 

    

Photographer--Look pleasant, please. 
tim-1 guess you’ll have tovmove that {T ‘
Cash” sign. _ . ‘ ' 1

.-h
»

   
    
  
   

She—Do you like me for _myself alone? .:H ‘C 5*
Yes. and when we are married I don't want
of the family thrown in. A

Mr. Gayman lclayingvthe ghpeiiasilrjl-e)‘—‘«\lf% 
there's no_ fool like an old fool. Mrs. Gayxnanw
what particular folly are you meditating now.

'Applicant——I see you advertised for at noon
walker, sir. anager-—Yes. Have you any at
perienoe_1n that line‘! Applicant—'l‘wo pain 91
twins, 811'. ' ' . ' ,

        
  

 

   
  

   
   

Facetious Traveler (poking his head out of ,
car window)—What place is this? Nativetleaiv 3»;
ing ainst the deD0t)——Paradise, Kaintnck;
suh. A acetious ',1‘rave1er—-It is, eh? Well,‘ this}:
how far from where? Native-—Half a mile front
the distillery, sub. » ' " .‘ 3 . 1

 

  
 
  
  
    
      
      

 

Little ’Rastus came home from school one ‘
and asked :_' “I say, paw, why does they alius
D. c. after-_Was.h1ngton?” “way, 
the old coloreddnan, "Pa surprised a't:yer\’ixi«-’ ‘
nance. Donn yer know dat D.
Washington wuz do daddy ob his e'ountry3";

comedian oons11lted;5.n"5' - .
His nose was small .

'. on  

  

 

Once a genial
about his eyes-»
cau1d.n’t.keeP

     
   

re.

 SUPERSTITIOUS ABOUT TOADS

-,1, , . The toad is not an attractive animal and it has
‘ ’ always been the object of curious beliefs or-su-
; 'tions. Small boys believe that if one is
' . ' led and ‘turned on its back there will be rain
32 ‘ before night. For ages the general public has
i‘_ ‘held to the belief that warts were produced by
handling toads. Other traditions credit the toad
with the power of -poisoning infants with its
breath; of bringing good fortune to the house in
the new-made cellar of which one is found; of
curing infants of stammering if rubbed on the
‘ back of the neck; and of» causing a cow to dry

-- or give blood milk if she accidentally kills a toad
: while being riven home from pasture. The works
L of the early writers on natural history team

with vague unsubstantiated accounts of the ven-
omous qualities of the breath and sputum of the
toad, the medical value of toad skins for treating
‘ ailments, and the valuable toadstone found in its
‘ head.

 
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
  
  
  

 

‘ SHIP SAILS WITH I-IOATZIN HUNTERS
- ‘ Eqni with every device to combat the
». bardshi)ppse?if travel in the Valley of the Amazon,
'-  a"band of ornithologists recently sailed from
 Brooklyn on the Booth liner Stephens in quest of
' the hoatzin, a rare bird of the Amazon.
The hoatzin is a bird with a bill capable of
breaking stone. It also swims and is able to
lose its bird identity, as the bat does.
_ Leading the ex ition, which is independently
, are R . Deschuenesee, son of the Bar-
ones Descliuenesce, of Philadelphia, an ornitholo-
- ‘in; George Coudert, motion picture photo-
graplier, and Prof. Joseph McGoldrick and Henry
Norris, of the University of Pennsylvania.
The boat, which was chartered from the. Booth
Steamship Company, is equipped with radio, and
qiecial compartments for the birds. It will dock
' at Para, and proceed up the Amazon “to Marianas,
which was Theodore Roosevelt’: Jumping-of place
vhurhe hunted in South America for big game.
* From there the adventurers will penetrate
V -— cbuntry never traversed by white men.
' , They will thence go overland through country
inhabited by half—civilized tribes until they reach
die, Peruvian border, emerging into that country
"tr oquitg, They expect to capture there the
hoakin, valued at $59000. _ ’
" Professor McGoldrick said:
. -61 now that the poor hoatzin must feel bad
ut putting us to all this trouble, but I want to
ﬂy this much for the bird, that it is not all'its
fault. Take, for instance, the umbrella bird, so-
u called because its hood is_shaped like an um-
‘ iblla. and the sil1Ki1!8 59“ bird-

 
 
 
 
 
   
     
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
  

awe‘ suniy thoughtthat this bird was a second
ruso. The bell bird can be heard forthrec
. ‘and is just as much to blame‘ as the poor
I - II

 conﬁdent
hoatxin that
hall, sf’ ‘

are the adventurers of c_ap’t'u'ring
they are carrying the bird s spe-

\

    

-u

. FAMEAND FORTUNE WEEKLY I ~
. BRIEF BUT POINTED

-veal amazing submarine wonders.

 

THE ASSASSIN OF THE DEEP

The real “back-biter” of the sea is the Ray,
which is not nearly as pleasant an individual as
its name might indicate.

The Ray is a veritable "gossip,” and of the
most virulent type. Its size varies from an in-
conspicuous length of a few inches to the Giant
Rays which have been discovered weighing as
much as two tons.

The Ray is a deep sea monster and it moves
slowly along the muddy channels of the sea. It
is easily hidden because of the marvelous color
adaptation it has developed with regard to its
surroundings. But once let this creature be at-
tacked by an enemy, or let the Ray itself decide
to go out on its own account for a victim, then
the doom of death will fall upon the poor unsus-
pecting sea citizen that gets in its way.

The Ray does not use its tongue for vengeance.
It uses a deadly sword that punctures the body
of its opponent and into this puncture it pours
a. poison at is_ fatal. For this reason it can
rightly be described as the “back-biter” of the
sea.

This sword or dagger is carried by the Ray at
the end of its whip-like tail and when infuriated
this monster-_ fish will lash this tail in all direc-
tions‘, wreaking death on all who come within its
radius.

A hunter of this strange creature was stung in
the leg by a small Ray and for weeks half his
body was paralyzed. Rays have been known to
kill men as well as sea creatures.

The “dagger” Rays are strange, but the elec-
tric Rays are even stranger. These ﬁsh can stun
a man with an electric shock. It can not only
stun its enemies, but kill them as well, for it has
developed from its muscles electric cells. It can
perform the functions which are performed by an
electric spark, such as decompose water and chem-
ical compounds. This ﬁsh is capable of produc-
ing an electric spark. A man will be sick for
days following if he has been stunned by one of

these ﬁshes and if he completes the circuit by ~

touching the ﬁsh with both hands he will be
killed.

It is maintained by experts in marine naviga-
tion that the monsters of the sea are far larger
and more dangerous to hunt than are tlie_mon-
sters of the land. This seems not so surprising
when it is considered that on lam’! man and his
inventions of slaughter for animals have been
"aiding in the extermination of dangerous ani-
mals, whereas in the sea there is no mechanical
or artiﬁcial device’ greatly developed to_ kill oi!
the dangerous inhabitants.

From time to time the immense body of some
sea monster is found ﬂoating on-the surface of
the sea or is discovered water-logged on some
shore, and then man becomes cognizant of the
strain creatures that live beneath the waves.
But t ‘s vast realm of Nature is almost unex-
plored and science will continue to gradually re-

'4
asst"

 

 

   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
  

u

-BURIED TO EYES IN SAND, WORKER
‘ DEMANDS SMOKE *

Buried to his eyes by sand when the ‘V3115 0f
a ditch caved in, Michael McGee, laborer on a
lumbing job at 165 Sheﬁield. avenue,’ Brooklyn,
. Y., smoked cigarettes and joked wh1le_ﬁremen
. worked four hours to dig him out. The ditch was
‘- eight feet deep and only the top of McGee 5 head
 was visible when workmen started to remove the
sand. When he cleared his mouth of sand Mc-
iGee demanded a. cigarette. ,
“Take me out in once piece,” he asked of the
‘i workmen.
_ ~ Fred from the sand he was" attended by a
' fjahysician, after which he said he would be back
- at work in the same ditch.

MAKES NEW KIND OF GLASS

\ A new kind of glass, which, if not actually
’ -unbreakable, is so tough that it has been blown
into a; hollow sphere and kicked about as a foot-
ball without breaking,’ has been discovered by
Dr. Horak, a Czech engineer and inventor.

 When used in the form of tumblers the glass
7 - has sucessfilly withstood the squirt of cold water
 immediately after being heated_to a point where

hile the inventor does not claim that he has
found the secret of unbreakable lass, he does be-
lieve he has found a way to ma e it possess the
,; greatest resistance power. of any glass so far
 known. It is admirably suited to the making of

American. »

  

been too fragile.-—Scienti

 
 

 

  

CANNED MILK INVENTOR, DEAD, WORTH
., 1  ‘ MIILIONS ‘ A

(The romance of opportunitynever has had a
"more striking example than in the case of Louis
I‘. Latzer, President of the I-Ielvetia Milk Con-
fliensing Company, whose funeral was held«re-
.1‘ece'ntly at Highland, Ill.

, -Latter, son of a poor Tyrolese immigrant who
iettled at Highlam in 1846, was born Dec. 10,
 on’ the farm where he dropped dead.
 «Until thirty-seven years old he was‘ a. farm

  
 
 

  

’?I2Q’,000.,000. And he made it'_ali himself.
In 1885 thei-,e.d‘rifte‘d into Highlands inan,_

   
  

 
 

interested ﬁv,e,far‘m'ers, among them Latzer. .The_
‘goliapany lost all-it invested. , , — '

  
    

2 ugéheitxistrye-A bacteriology and: related sol»
$51.‘! ﬁnally hit’ upon the process of evapora-.

-\

 
   
   

   

i ~ ieees of paper in the tumbler were charred.’

 thermos bottles, which iﬁcso many ‘cases have

, He-died‘ worth between $12,000,000 and
olur_M)'seaburg, withau idea to_can milk. ‘He '-

lrfafser at thegage of, forty went to college, 4.

 

'F.1!iME iAND FORTUNE WEEKLY
ITEMS or INTEREST

That same stock is now unobtainable at $20,000
a share.
October, when Mrs. Louisa. Wild, widow of- one"
of the founders, sold her 176 shares to other

stockholders for $3,520,000. For years it has ‘i 5

paid annual dividends of $1,000 or more a share. 

Latzer’s wealth did not change him. His “

family rode in automobiles, but he always took .
his trips of short distance on horseback, trousers
tucked into old-fashioned boots. His oﬁce fnmi- ‘
ture consisted of three solid wood kitchen chairs,’
a pine table and a rack of pigeon-holes. '

  ASTHMA.%-é':"“".e:§   

- LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE . .
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN -IN ITS 

- ACTIONS! ' ‘
_ ll: consists of a handsome
iron frame on which the little yellow
ilelétell accurately performs like an ath;

’ Five- Diﬂerent Stunts’-—

trigger-pin and the ﬁgure swing forwgrd. '. . '
EFIDPIXIS We brass trapeze-bar, turns...
somersault in the air and catches a erou- *4
bar by his heels. . g ;.
mucosa was LO0P—A swift swag.“ ;
he ﬂ0eSdthI0tl.‘l!ﬁE1 abwire loop, man” 5 ,f ;
urn an , ca ' h‘ 1; '
head downward xfligomya bsax-.eel3'dswm" A
THE GIANT SWING-—He ‘goes forward '
- -with a‘rush, releases the trapeze, mug. 
_ a horizontal-bar with his heels, mgkgg ‘.
~two swift somersaults in the air -ad 
catches by his heels again. "
*~~ He performs two more horizontal-hag
acts with the grace and agility ,0: . ,3... ~ ,
cus star, and many. newwones 
‘invented. —" 
» The Most Wonderful Toy in -
p the World! — __ V.
_ PRICE"/$1.50.  
_The collapsiblestand and therlittlo mani-
k1n_are neatly packed in ahandsome bu.
Delivered‘ anywhere in the United 
-receipt_ofAprice._ Lad" _ ' -. .  E

gw0LI:*.F 1~.I¢'v:;:;+sr';[“co.“ *' "

J?“ .12‘

 

The last transaction in it was last‘ ,A

 

 

   
    

THE FLYING TRAPEZE .‘_ 3.1“,  

     
      
  
       
     
     
     
        
 
 
    
 
      
   
  
 
 
    
    

   
  
   
   
  
    
    
 

 

“Mary, I’m Going to Send  
’ It .in To-night” 

‘VE been drifting too long. -Other morrow. Not next week or next month,
men are getting ahead of me and but to-night.

1 *iJci»”:f?p$1iT3“—‘§.;"€ i‘;‘§w“;Z;;§ 22:1:   M;’§;“;,;°;g:;d‘,:,::‘3,:,,:{:: the 

"thatj It's because they know’ more Mm.’ the 00”” 7.0.4”! _ T 

Jtbout their work than I do. V V ,
‘ “Two years ago, when Tom Adams "'"""n'5’."1‘4'§1°1'6'."scmu."'°'°'run.'°‘ '°"°°" ’ ’ 
fook upan I. C. S. course, I determined mwsif-'f’z‘a"aa"'i.‘.‘x‘.’.'&’.'l“.‘$;'.'.‘¢' '.'.'.'-'1.'§.u''§n'.'.°'n"'‘ .. :""

 

   
 
   
 

 too.‘ But I put it 05--—and oE— um... x'.:':.'.'.'3¢' """'§.;2E e  
3- I!  . — 1'1-one Management. ’ ' 1 1'
sum-on Ln 1-,-

7 “Togfs rnanager of the ‘department z_a...unn.a'n.,.n.u.-
‘ :now.~‘and earning twice as‘ much as I am. --“..,.‘*"°‘,.,'°",.,&';"“*°°""**°-
‘I? i§n’t~becau_se he -has more natural ’,..,,.,"""‘°"‘75,~,,,,,.,

     
       
 
      
 

  

  

  

 -thantl Have, but because'he’s ‘V .,,g,=eg:,';,$,:;},,_¢'°
 Th2_1t’sb it~—he’: _tr,ained!A ‘_ 
_ ‘Me 3' _Wh-y, ‘Prn just one of a scofe 

-pf routine workers. Tom gets the big §;;,“,;','_;§*:;g,,,,,,,, '

""1;,~’y.,because: the "firm knows ‘hc.’s §::;‘““'" '-
"_ .hi;[1;3c1.f:t6;’h_and1§';W01'k that _I N____ . °

 . ..  / _. .,,__ 
. . 'v¢'yas:éd= two yea:-S, but it’s. not ’
V , ,_ t'  :ti:ne_. I’m_ren1ly going to

   

  

 

1

‘ r'ronAcco,. LIQUOR

   

‘ ' lilo. Pia. (Stalin).
. INDIVIDUAL Iwee‘trl;earta' club

in   LITTLE  ADlS

Write to Rileer 8 King, Advertising Oﬁces, 1133 Broadway,  York City,‘ of
29 East Madison Street, Chicago, for particulars about advcrlmsg no this naagaluro.

- AGENTS WANTED

AG ENT5 WANTEO—Bl¢ Money and Fast Salea. Every

ovrner buya Gold inltlala for his auto. You charge
81.50: make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy. Write for
particular: and free aamnioe._ American Monogram
r‘.o., Dept. 171. East Orange, ). J.

AUTO OWNER—Get your tlrea Free! Be our Factor)
Agent! Biz mare lime money-maker! su-nvle urea
fumiahed. No capital or experience needed. Write
today. ‘Armour Tire & Rubber Co.. DGSK 574. D1!-
ion. 0.
A6ENT8—90c
tumbles to consumer.
perticulars. American Products
Bldnn. Cincinnati, 0.
RUIHAGE SALES make 350,000 daily. VVe atan you.
Representatives wanted everywhere. "WHO!.ESALiv‘.
i’)lS'i‘RiBiJ'l‘0RS." Dept. 109. 609 Division Street,
Chlcalo.
AOENTs—-Conner made $37.00 proﬁt two days aollinx
authentic "Life oi’ Wilaon." Bil hoo' Outfit
Tree. Wllrunre Book & Bible Ca, Porno Bld¢.. Chicago.
USE OUR HANDSONE OATALOG: set orders from
every home for Dr. Blair: famous home producu.
Liberal pay. Dr. Blair Laboralorlol, Dept. 542, Lynch-

burl. Va.
HELP WANTED
BE A DETECTIVE. Ooportunlty for men and women
for Iecret investigation in your district. Write C. T.
Ludwig, 5:1 Weswver Bldg, Kaneaa CIUN Mo.
OETEOTIVES NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel experience unnpeeeaary. Write George R.
WIITIOT. former Govt. Detective. 1068 Broadway. N. Y.

HEN WANTED for Detective work, 17 to 55 years old.

an hour to advertise and distribute
Write quickly for territory and

00., 1655 American

Experience unnecessary, eaally learned. Big nay. Earl
Wlieox, 1407 Lafayette Avo., S. E.. Dept 2. Grand
Rtllldl, MINI.

MAUUSCRIPTS WANTED
OTORIES. POENS. PLAYS. etc.. are wanted for nubil-
eatlon. submit KS8. or write Literary Bureau. 515

Hannibal, Mo.
PERSONAL

ARE YOU .LONEIOIEf Write Betty TAO, Tno.. Bax
020."‘(lJlty Bull Station, New York Clu. Blllup an-
e . -

DENTLENEN. write bachelor eirl worth 823.000. '.l.,
Box 860, me, Denver, Colo.

I-wuoltaoe looking marrlan. IT aiueere encloae mun.
Ira. F. Willard. 2028 Broadway, Ohieuo. illinola.
IF LONEOONE axehanu lolly ieuera with beautiful

lldiea and wealthy gentlemen. lva‘lKoore. Box 908.

. It‘: different. Send
stamp and eee. olet Bu. ‘-" ' Ohio.
LONEOOIEP Make
heart. lira. Fran: Iinuna
LOVINO youue lady‘. very wealthy. wanta
Rhel. Box 89. Oxford. Fla.
LOOK WHOSE HERE! Prlnoeee OKIE world fallioul
. Get your’: today. Don't delay. loud toil
l-lﬂhdale and m. 8. one. box no. nos. sq. 8ta..
sew York I

meet your owni-
t.. Ohleago.

frlende. you u:
. 949

PERSONAL--Continued

LON ELY1 Marry. wealth. beauty. Ladiea, write.
(Sump) H. C. McPherson. Kan.

LOVING YOUNG LADY, wealthy, wanta lamest hul-
trand. Nancy. Box 3'). Oxford, Fla.

LONELY HEARTS. loin our Club. be non”. mm-
spondence everywhere. many descriptions. Dhntos free;

either sex. moot successful method. 23 years’ experi-

ence. Standard Cor. Club, Grnyeleke. ill.

LONESONE WIDOWs—Get Busy, Write .\fe, Marry
wealthy. Mr. Hyde. Box 305, San Francisco.

MARRIAGE PAPERé'~20th yodr. Big lesue with descrip-
tions. photos. nomea and eddreseee. 25 come. No

other fee. Sent sealed. ‘Box 2265 B, Boston, Mass.

HARRY IF LONELY: "Home Makel"; humln-(ls
rivh: contldeutlal: reliable: years experience; «lumin-

tione free. "The Successful Club," Box 556. Oakland,

Califurnll.

HARRY-Free photozraphl, directory and deecrlpliona
of wealthy members. Pay when married. New Plan

(‘.o.. Dept. 30. Kama! City. Mo.

NARRY—NARRlAOE MREOTORY with D!)
deecriptlona tree. Pay when married. The Ex
Dept. 545, iiamaa City. No.

|lARRY~Wrlte {or bi; new directory with photos and

and
81186.

deevriptions Free. National Agency, Dept. A,
Kansas ('ity. ‘Mo.
N0‘l’nCE—-$130,000.00 soon with preu girl waning

nurrlut-. (Eva! R-1022. \Vlchlta.. anus.

PRETTY BlRLlE-Wealthy, but oh,
(‘laire. Box 55, 0xfoni_ I-‘la.

PRETTY GIRL wants a sweetheart. Write.
envelope. Doris Dawn. South Euclid. Ohio

PRETTY GlRLlE—-Wealthy. but on. \o lonesome.
("aire. Box 55, Oxford. l-‘la.

SWEETNEARTT Correapondence Club. slumped en-
vaiope for sealed proposal. Lillian Sproul. station

E. Cleveland, Ohio. _

WEALTNY WIDOW with farm will marry. H.. Box
866, League, Denver, Colo.

WHOM SHOULD YOU NARRY1 We'll tell you. Send
30c and birth date to Charlcter Siudiee, 1515 In-

mnlo Temple, New York CR1.

WEALTNV BUSINESS IAN. 40. wanta wife. 0..

x 886. Denver. Colo.

WIDOW with 810.000 and farm wanta hueband. 11..
Bar 886. Oenver, (tolo.

SONGWRITERS

LIKE THE LARK BROADWAY In ENPTY ARIU.
Soon you will like. 15¢ Mr copy. Poem: wanted.

Mn.~.za's Wnnnrmy Tloune, Waterlown. Mus.

WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG-We compose uiuaic.
Submit your poema to III at once. New York Ilelody

Pnnmrnvinn, 405 F‘. Romax Bidm. New York.

POENS WANTED--sell your none-venee for calm. sub-
;-l‘lt  atmonre or write New Era Music Co., 140.

. .4: e. n.

TOBACCO ‘HABIT

TOBACCO or Small ‘Habit cured or no pay.
cured. Remedy sent on trial.
Baltimore. Md.

enclosing

$1.00 if
Buperba Ce.. PO..

PIMPLES

CAN BE CUIIED. If you euler tron Dim-
plee. eeue. blackheads. brown epote or erup-
tions 1 want to loud you my simple home
treatment under plain wrlllvor. It [I70 M! 0
noft. velvety. smooth and radiant complexion.

cured thousands oi’ an and weuaou.
after evoryllaillt Olle felled. simply need

none for generous 10 day free trip] olor of _

"" "°"‘ ""'v$.“§?"%‘vli'§iux.
no any 31413., Ieuu Olly, Io.

“.'.‘...l‘°‘“’.. 3}“?
Habits an be overcome I 0

com: PREPARA-
"‘.';R».""'°"3:.3§au betiven heret-

     

3'-¢!.!.‘.9...‘.."'.."B!.!’...“..3..'."“',,,,,..;‘,’."—

oluuau. on -A
e neon-Smith 8 cm. Dept. 180, Rue ue.
§.—_...o|.n 3

J32’ ‘Aggy or odd no
ﬁwau '53'r'f:"'vaJ.u" n"no'3‘Kf°Uo§'
name. we  ’

      

 

. a ,-

 

eo lonesome.

 

I
l
1

KNOW YOUR -
OWN
COUNTRY

North Dakota
is nearly seven
times as large as
New Jersey, one
and one-half
times as large as
New York State,
but its population
is only one-ﬁfth
that of New Jern

sey, one - eigh-
teenth that of
New York, al-

though North
Dakota's agricul-
tural- land can
support a popu-
lation of more
than 10,000,000.
It now is 700.000.

North Dakota‘
has over a half
billion tons of
coal underlying
her soil, the
greatest coal de-
posit of any one
State. ‘

North Dakota
has ninety-ﬁve
more hours of
sunshine in ﬁve
summer months
man Springﬁeld,

North Dakota
produces more
rye than any
other two States
and half the ﬂax
production of the
United States.

North Dakota
hopes to become
one of the great-
est corn produc-
ing _States in
spite of short
seasons: produc-
tion noweveragee‘
20,000,000 bush-
els a year. .

Jersey calﬂo
in: p o r t e d l: 0
North Dakota
grow considere-
bly larger than in‘
States to the
south.

North Dakota
hopes’ to I60 I.-.
national _park.
created out  O’
petriﬁlll

the“BadLande"

R o .o_seveplt_’§-

near 'I'heodllI  "

u

 GULLED

N .r.Wv v.'ri,‘i.«--. .r.\u-qfld

a splinter of

Wood at least six}
inches long that.

had entered the
breast and was
11 r o t r u din g
through the back
b e t w e e n the
wings, was
startling specta-
- cle that greeted a
crowd of visitors
on the Pine. ave-

‘.

geles, Cal. A phy-
sician who was

tators declared it
to be 11 novelty
‘ among novelties
‘ in bird life, for
2: the wound caused
by the shaft of
wood had been
apparently he_a1-
ed and the splin-
"ter had become a
‘ permanent part
' - of the gull’s anat-

 

omy.
‘. The bird was
captured for ex-
amination and
the physician ex-
- pressed the opin-
ion that the sea
.gull would prob-
 ably die .
.-} blood poisoning if
an attempt Were
made to remove

A sea gull with i

the ‘

nue pier, Los An-‘

among the spec-

from ,

I‘iAfID A

GET one of these
little beauties
right now. and pro-
tect you rsolf
_ against hold-up
thugs, rowdi_es, etc. and
at the same time itserves
i as the best novelty ciga-
rette case ever invented.
Made exactly like the real
thing! Just
pull the trig-
ger, back ﬂies
the lid showing a
full package of
your cigarettes, _ ‘
Lots of fun scarimzyour friends nndpt
- ‘ ., the same time usetu and a. great pro-

’ Qoctor.
' lh V‘ b In
is-;‘:.'r§.'§:.“.:t:*:*:S 3:3; :2*'.:.7:':.“.‘..?.".t i..‘..  °§...:i:i
51.19 cull.

 
   
    

i Money back ll not can
i

PATHFINDER COMPANY
NdwYor8

l‘ P2; I34 sum Avonuo

 
 
     

 
 

Gcuulno REACH Fielder‘: Glove
lnuulauon Ball-Hanoludo Cour
Boys! hmwvuould you like In hair: Chvlsiy
Huh:-vnon and Walter lohuwn lend: you

“now ‘I0 PITCH" rmzr:

Wm: lo: 24 package: Pctlumtd Sachel. nlln i0‘ each,
Itnd us the $1.10 when sold,And we will read you I'll! I
Ctnulnc Ruth, all Luther Fielder‘! Glove. Regulalion nu
Bill will: Rul Horuhidc Cow! and llluslvaicd Book Dy 6 ol ,
the World‘: Cruicu Piichng Illowlllj how lo piicn their my.

JDHE HFG. C0.WDop£- 880 Auloboro.

F

  
  
 
   
    
  

  

i

     

  

(,4

 

 

PIMPITI-:~s

lY.on1-lltlncaulloﬁolcklyclearedol
iP1mples, Blackheads, Acne Eruptions on
ithe face or body, Barbers Itch, Eczema,
iEnlarged Pores and Oily or Shiny Skin.

‘ Write tod 1 FREE BOOKLET
1 - A cmn'—’ro‘.’«'."§i;u,v- um... how
cured myself utter being Imicted 15 yeah.
51000 CIOII Ilvl I can clour your IIIIII of tho obovo Momlnhu.
i E.S.GlVlN8.186 Chain! Bldg" Kansas city. Mo.

to work or school and recreation is on
I Rnngoorbicycle. Choice or 44 otylog ‘pd
sizes. Days Free Trial. Exp:-egg pl-epud,

05 aMont!a*£.:’.i’”":’;" s“’°° “‘“°
meets the small monthlycaymnall I y
ire’ Ports. eqninnunt — at 5.13 mg.‘
......i;.i.'i§‘?2¢'é§3"'&.”.‘°.'i.3Il"w"“ ‘°'°“*

Méﬁi
go:-d Given

§[1'§[ 4 | Solvﬂhls Puzz|e—Win 5,000 Vote:

Who: words do than number: make’!

 

’* » the wooden shaft.
It is probable,
old timers on the
pier declared,
pzthat the gull, a
' clumsy, awk-
'ward bird, had
collided with a
-splintered board
“while attempting
‘to land on some
old pier or shed
Along the water
front and, after
‘being wounded,
had stowed itself
.. way to nurse its
in uries.
_he wooden
_ splinter does not
"ﬁpparently in —
‘;®'fere with the

 
 

0 Ill 2
unns rmﬂuonz

19I6l18isl5l.T..*::..:“:'.*'°..;".'_.':=
-. -~ ‘:3’ °*v‘ii‘§L‘.'

4!

Do con hub in
..°::.'§£..‘i'- hi’ i
8.. I

uﬁgzlpdom. Prisca ‘lugs; in
rs...-rs.-s.’ai?.mj m'*:"'$'e'.i....

-— .\\\\ i

‘  it


I14’/,.f

aid, tits any ﬁnger.

Pay on arrival $1.97. Plus Postage.

  gull’s

   

Twins 7

MYSIO 60., 103 E. 125tlI _St.,

.. a »-~~.-.

WEIR
MYSTO

The ORIGINAL WEIRD Mysto Talisman ring—wards
- oﬂ evil spirits, sickness, spells, enemies, etc.
belief, brings Success to wearer in LOVE business,
games. ALL undertakings.
snakes set with Lucky Mysto Ruby and Emer-

ALSO

, . The startling MTSTO WONDER II!!!“ and unna-

‘ rlous iiiiitruinant Inswers ALL questions.
Enemies? Mnrriszpf Children! Money? Lilo? Luck!

1,‘ ’-
 with 0utﬁt'—-Directions and Question Booklet-A
DREAM BOOK-—AI.%0 Frag plain to make money.

Dept. 31. u.v.c.

 
 
 
 
 
 
      
   

Come On, _
S c o u t s !
Let ’s Hear You Play

"Dig down in the old kit and pull out your
Hohneiar We're going to stage a contest
and see who's who’ when it comes to music.
Every fellow that can whistle a tune has a
chance in this exhibition. We're going to
start, a harmonica band and we want to know
whos going to lead it. Tune up and let's
hear what you've got in the way of harmony."

The World’s Best

There's nothing like good music in camp oi-
on the trail; and there's nothing like a Hohner
for good music.

Get a Hohner Harmonica today and play
it tonight. 50c up at all dealers. Ask for the
Free Instruction Book. If your dealer is out
of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc., Dept. 156
New York City.

 

‘ 3:513 *i.°:.i.:.."'° '"-.".=:.'.'
I1? bl: ynth inﬂuo '
ﬁggmcwiih |||:i0ﬂlllll:re gun
V OE 1 G In!
for ﬂying? VVIII
It heizhtofi 000
0. Great c .

ikhu an be mud
nd to-in for lzin not perfumed norm. sail -c We each,

@ La d Ind this wonderful nruhaig is yours

return_ money when
iur-hm. Wnv odny
JOIES MP8. 50.. BuI.3:')-I Ia; ‘

' n if you want real apart ‘at. ups
Aniunnn. 

Ancient

Green Gold ﬁnish,



ll
_ .1”
vii! Estoi

\' ii}

i
:5‘
all

 

 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

-— LATEST ISSUED -—-

928 Seegin a Lost Treasure; or, The Nerve of a Young
xp orer. ‘

‘.-29 Matt the Mechanic; or, The Boy Who Made His Pile.

1.30 Among the ice Peaks; or. The Voyage That Made the
Money.

931 The Little Castaways;
Wreck Brought.

or, The Fortune That a

932 Taking Big Chances; or. The Boy Who Saved a
Town. A

1:33 Always Lucky: or. Winning on His Merits.

934 Out for a Corner: or, A Smart Chicago Boy. v
$35 The Winning Trick; or. How a Boy Made His Mark.
936 The Young Editor; or, Running a Country News-

paper.
937 A Big stroke: or, The Lad Who Made a Record.
938 In the Copper Fields; or, The Mine That Made
the Money.
939 I-‘rosm a Cent to Fortune; or. A Chicago Boy's Great
coop.
940 A Start in Life; or. A Poor Boy's Rise to Fame.
MIA Wide-Awake Boy; or. Born With a Winninl
Streak.
M2 Caxguriaig the Money: or, How Ben Bailey Made
. . ar .

‘I43 Digging for Gold; or, The Luck of a Boy Miner.
944 A Boy with Grit; or, Earning an Honest Living.
"45 Andy the .\ii1l Boy: or, Rising to the Top.

M6 Fame Before the Footlights; or, The Boy Who

Bossed the Theatre.

' 2.47 Lucky Lee the once Boy; or, The Nerviest bad in

2167

In West 23d street

New York
948 Sure to Get Rich: or. A Smart Young Messenger.
"49 Pushing It Through: or. The Fate of 21 Lucky Day.
5'30 A Born Spec-ulator; on. The Young Sphinx of Wall"

Street.
"51 The Way to Success: or, The Boy Who Got There.
‘-52 Struck Oil: or. The Boy Who Made a Million.
'45; A Golden Risk: or. The Young Miners of Della

.Cr(Iz.
‘J5-I A Sure Winner; or. The Boy Who Went Out With a
Circus.

I-‘or ule by all newsdoslers, or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price. 7c. per copy, in money or poa-
tago stumps.

THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

':n.'..5 Golden Fleece; or, The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. The Boy Treasure Hunters
of Cocos Island. .
5-57 Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-

tune.

2:58 Playing to Win: or, The I-‘oxiest Boy in Wall Street

€159 Tatters; or. a Boy From the Slums.
am A géaunlﬁ Monte Cristo; or, The Jtichest Boy in the

_ J‘
Won oliy Pluck; or. The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.
" Beating the Brokers; or, The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done.
A’ Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
Neveﬁ Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy
Va ey.

Bgtsa or the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall

reet. I
The Chance of His Life; or, The Young Pilot Of
Crytal Lake. / _
Striving for Fortune; or, From Bell-Boy to Million-
ire

P61
-.-62
963
‘A64
965
966

mix for Business: or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune; or, Striking it man in Wall
Street. '

nanny K. wonrr, Publisher, Ine., _
New York cm

968
569

SCI‘-NARIOS 5z?J¥J°nm

rises as Celts re’: Copy

This book contains all the most recent changes
In the method of construction and submission oi
scenarios. sixty‘ Luaonlo towering ever: phase of
scenario writing!‘ For sale by all News ealers and
Bookstores. It on cannot procure a copy, send us
the price. 5 ts. in money or postage stamps, and
w¢.I‘|Il'nlll you one. postage free. ddress..

.. L.  no Seventh Ave., New York. N21. ' :1“ wag 23¢!  ~

.-

4

OUR‘ TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS

Useful, Instrnctive, and Amusing. They contain.
Valuable Information on Almost ‘
Every Subject.

No. 67. HOW TO MAKE .\ll'§ICAI. ISSTEUMENTS.
——_F‘ull directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, Zither,
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments: together with a brief description of nearly every
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times.
Profusely illustrated. By Algernon S. Fitzgerald, for
twenty years handmaster of the Royal Bengal Marines.

No. as. now To BECOME A nn'rnc'rIvn.——B_v Old
King Brady, the world-known detective. In which he lays
down some valuable and sensible rules for beginners.’
and also relates some adventures and experiences of
well-known detectives.

No. 80. HOW TO BECOME A PHOTOGRAPHER.-
Containing useful information regarding the Camera
and how to work it; also how to make Photographic
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. Hand-
somely illustrated. ‘

No. 64. ‘HOW’ TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINES.
Containing lull directions for making electrical ma-
chines. in ur-tions coils. dynamos, and many novel toys
to be worked by electricity. R)‘ R. A. R. Bennett. Fully
illustrated

No. 65. Ml'LDO0N‘S J0l(ES.~—The most original joke
book ever published, and it is brimfnl of “it and
humor. it contains a large collection of songs. jokes.
conundrums. etc, of Terrence .\iul(loon. the great wit.
humorist, and practical joker of the day.

No. 67 HOW’ TO DO ELECTRICAL 'l‘KICKS.—Con..
taining a large collection of instructive and highly
amusing electrical tricks,/together with illustrations.
By A. Anderson. '

No. 88. H0\V TO DO CHENIICAL 'l‘RlCKs.—Con-
tainlng yer one hundred highly amusing and instruc-
tive tricks with chemicals. By A’. Anderson. Hand-
somely illustrated. ,

No. . HOW TO ‘DO SLEIGIIT-OF-IIA1\'D.—Con-.
tainin over ﬂlty of the latest and best tricks used by
magic ns. Also containing the secret of second sight.’
I-‘ully illustrated.

No. 72. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WITH CARDS.
Embracing all of the latest and most deceptive card
tricks, with illustrations. A

No. 73. HOW TO DO TRICKS VVITII NUMBERS.-
Bhowing many curious tricks with ﬁgures and the magic
of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated.

No. 74. HOW To WRITE LETTERS COBBIICTLY.
Containing full instructions for writing letters on al-
most any snbject; also rules for punctuation and com-
position. with specimen leters.

N9. 70. HOW To TELL 1'-‘OBTUNES BY Till
llAND.—Conta.inlng rules (or telling fortunes bv the
aid of lines of the hand. or the secret of paluiistry.
Also the secret of telling future events by aid of moles.
marks, scars. etc. illustrated. ,

.\'o.. 77. now To no FORT)’ TRICKS wrrn
CAIu)S.—Containlng deceptive Card Tricks as performed
by leading conjurers and magicians. Arranged for
home amusement. 1-‘ully illustrated.

No. 79. HOW To BECOME AN AC'l‘0R.—Containing
complete instructions how to make up for‘ various char-
acters on the stage; together with the duties or the
Stage Manager. Prompter. Scenic Artist and Property

Man.

No. s0. GUS WII.LIA.Vl8' Joxn BO0K.—Containing
the latest jokes, anecdotes and funny stories of this
world-renowned German comedian. Sixty-tourrpages;
lti"ands<>‘x]x]1e colored cover containing a half-tone photo of

e an or.

no. 32. now no no 1-A1.3ns'rnr.—Comsin1n§ this -‘
III

most approved methods of reading the lines on the .
together with a full explanation of their meaning. Also
explaining phrenology. and the key for telling char-
acter by the bumps on the head. By Leo Hugo Koch,
A. C. 9. Fully ll natrated.

xo. .34. now no BECOME AN at7'rnon.——co.¢,g..-
lug information regarding choice ot subjects, the at
words and the manner of preparing and submitting
manuscript. Also containing valuable information aa to
theineatness. legibility and general composition of manu-
scr pt.

For sale by all newsdealers, or will be sent to an

address on recent of price, 10¢. per copy. '-
in money or stamps. by

: HARRY; E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc. . ‘
New "York 1‘ ‘

 

    