UGUST 12. 1927

     

No Price 8 Cents

W?

A pull’ of wind lurched the yacht. The girl fell into the lake. I'll try to save h

yelled to his friends. Then he dove down from the cm!‘ and disappeared
in the water. Jt was a dangerous feat.

    

er!"

    

 

 Issued Week1y—<uhsc'rlption price. $4.00 per year Canadian, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00. Copyright, 192?. by ~
' Westbury Publishing Co. lnc., 140 Cedar Street, N ew York N. X. ,

Entered as Second class Matter

Dec. 8, 1911, at the Post-Uﬂice at New xork. N fl. under the Act of March 3. 1879

Price 8 Cents.

 -.'No. 1141

i r

 

_, By A SELF-MADE. MAN. i - H .4,»

 

:

.CHAPTER I.—Introduces Hal the I-Iustler.{

C5,.» “Gee! That's a big pile of seaweed you've
hauled from the shore today, Hal,‘/" said Fred
*Ticlmor. “Who’s been helpingyou?"

_ “No one," replied Hal Harper, a good—looking,
' stalwart boy of eighteen, as he kept on empty-
 .ing the farm cart of its load of seaweed, which
[5 l was highly prized by the" farmers in that vicinity

«as a fertilizer. "

' “Do you mean to say that you've done all that
~ ‘work. yourself?” ‘-
 "‘I'have.” * . 

~ ,‘g‘By gracious! You're a hustler" for fair."

“A fellow has-got to hustle to get along in this
-1: ‘ " world.” '

,“I don't wonder they call you Hal the Hustler
in the village.. I always said you could do as
f much work as any two boys I know; but I'll bet
f there aren’t any two boys around here who could
~‘ get that pile of seaweed up here from the beach
finutl’1,e same time» as you've done it all by your-

‘-se . ‘
  f‘Yes, they could, if they put their minds down
to it.
-looking at the water, and wishing I was out on
it, instead of dr1v1ng'the'team to and fro and
“loading and unloading the weed. The storm of
the day before yesterday landed an. unusual
"Van‘1'ount of seaweed on the beach. I gathered it
, jnto piles yesterday afternoon, and made up my.
.’*nu;nld»to get it all in today. Well, that is the last

 

  
   

 
  

 

    
  
 
 

  
   
  
    

“That shore line of yours is pretty valuable in
,_‘some respects, ain't it?” said Fred.
' ' “Yes, it's a good thing to have."
_ _“By the way, Hal, do you know there's 9. rev-
enue cutter at anchor‘ in Coveport harbor?”
, “No. I didn't hear anything about it. When
"did she come?” .
“Early this afternoon. It's a wonder you didn't
,-see her, for you were down on the beach elf and
Won. all day."

 
  
   
  
   
  

 

coming up the coast about two o'clock, when I
was loading up the cart on the beach, but I had
,1io,.idea*she was a revenue cutter. When I re-
-turned for another load she wasn't in sight.”

_ “Shemust have put into the harbor while you

ere awa from the shore." _ ,

‘Well, here isn’t.anything extraordinary in a

 

       

NEW YORK,“ AUGUST 12, 1927

 flat, the Hustler

‘ OR, THE FEAT THAT MADE HIM FAMOUS

I haven’t monkeyed away any of my time '

“I did notice a small, rakish-looking steamer

. who have been watching the coast for _week:—:'

 

revenue cutter putting into Coveport. It isn't
the ﬁrst time such a thing has happened." »
“No; but they say so much Canadian whisky
and ﬁne‘ French cognac has been introduced into,
this State duty freethat the Government is going

 

‘tomake a determined effort to stamp the busi-.

ness out.” .

“They’ve been trying‘ to do that for some time,—
but haven't been very successful." ,
“My father said at the supper table tonight
that it is now generally suspected that the smug-
glers have a rendezvous somewhere in this vicin-

ity.

‘fIt is possible they have,” replied Hal, pitching-' _,
gut the last of the weed on the big heap near the ~‘
arn. .
Then he sprang out of the cart with his pitch-
fork in his hand. ‘

“I should think the revenue oﬁicers would be 
able to ﬁnd it out." i V 2 ' ‘
“You man gamble on it they've. been trying to,
but they haven't made a single arrest that I have i
heard of,” replied Hal, starting to lead the horse’ *
and cart up to the door of the barn. , _

 

Fred followed. .,
_“The liquor _couldn't very well be landed and":
disposed ‘of without the smugglers had accom-
plices somewhere along shore,” he said. " ‘
“Of course. That's what they've got." _
“They must be pretty slick individuals, then.”
“They have to be ‘slick to avoid discovery," an-
swered Hal, proceeding to take the stout horse,
out of the shafts. » '

_“I can't _see how they manage to sell the  I
¥i.‘§’i‘2.‘$§ bt§“;‘§i1fii’.§.‘$£"i¥; ‘z?-i‘.'a’s°°é';‘i.'t'; ‘is ‘W ‘‘'i“‘—''—‘‘ "
h “I know, you can’t,"“laughed Hal, leading 

orse_ into the barn. If you could understand
how its done others could" understand, too, 
then the game would be up.”

“But doesn't it stand to reason that somebody
would be lilnly to give them away in order to
get the reward the Government would ‘pay after
selling at auction the conﬁscated liquor?” said
Fred, following Hal into the barn. ,

“There are evidently no traitors in the busi
ness,” replied Hal, dumping a mess of oats 
animal's manger. ‘ '  ,

“Between the coast guard and the revenue in

 

   

 HAL, i THE

    

 j .

. ‘ would seem almost impossible for the smugglers
’ to land -their cargo.” -
‘‘‘Oh, there are scores of creeks and‘ coves, not
, speaking of the big estuaries, with their numer-
ous islands, where a landing could_be made on a
"dark night successfully, after the shore people
.. ” in league with the smugglers had made sure that

‘ » none of the revenue oﬂicers was around.” ,
“But my father says that it is known for a
' fact that most of the smuggling is done in this

“neighborhood,” said Fred. ~
‘ “I‘-have heard so, too; but I hardly thought it
could be a fact, for it seems to me that it would
 show lack of strategy on the smugglers’ part to
, confine their operations to any one locality,” re-
v plied Hal, getting ready to close the barn for the
 -night, “particularlywwhen they have such an ex-
tensive line of short to pick and choose from.”

a “They may have some special reason for keep-
. .. ing in this neighborhood,” said Fred. “The fact
’ -that the cutter has anchored in the bay would

 

show that the Government has its eye on this ‘

’ ‘part of the shore.”
, - “Wouldn’t that show lack of strategy on the
i-Apart of the Government?” .
“How?”
, “Why, the presence of the cutter here would
, . ‘cause the smugglers to lie low as long as she re.-
‘_ mained in the neighborhood, don’t you think?”
*7 ‘_‘That’s, right. The idea never occurred to me,”
said Fred’, following his companion to the house.
“However, it would have one good effect.”
, , “What’s that?” .
 ’ ,“It would put a stop to the smuggling.”
i. H ‘ “For the time being. It would probably begin
 again as’soon' as the cutter departed. What the
’ f Government ought to do is to keep the cutterat
" ‘n distance from the suspected locality, and then
‘send a number of officers here in disguise to
watch on the sly. As long as the shore accom-
plices are able to spot, the revenue men, and keep
, ‘track of their movements, the smugglers possess
We big advantage. It is an easy matter for those
‘ in with the smugglers to keep the illicit traders
 informed by telegraph of the situation at any
 «particular point, as long as the Government shows
its hand,” said Hal, ﬁlling a basin with water
and proceeding to wash his face and hands, pre-
paratory to‘ going into the house for his supper.
It. was new dark, although a. starlit sky ren-

 

 

  

   
  
    
  
  
  
 
  

T ly visible. Hal was ‘practically through for the
day, though there were a few chores_ to be done
after supper. The farm, which was the-property
of ‘his mother, consisted of about sixty aeres of
,—fa'irly good land, the management of which de-
volved on, Hal, who was assisted by a hired hand
named Jonas~Kingsley. Jonas. was considered as
‘one of the family, as he had worked on the place
’ for many years‘, long before H.al’s father died.
He was honest and faithful, and was, therefore,
considered invaluable. What he di_dn’t know
 about farming was hardly worth considering. He
‘had instructed Hal in all the ﬁne points of the
business, so that the boy was fully capable of
, looking after. his mother’s interests. Neverthe-
’  .les's, Hal’s_ heart was not wrapped up, in a bucolic
’ life. He had other ambitions which he stiﬂed
for the present for his mother’s sake. -.
. 1He longed ‘for a wider sphere of action than
‘that associated with a_ tiller of thefsoil. There

  

  

. class papers and magazines, and a

. and he possessed all the qualities that leadsto

 dered large objects in the immediate vicinity dim— I

. He’s been after me for the last

   

.boy saidto himself, lookir_ig’at the
we

,.>.  1‘ ,\.

HUSTLER

  
  
   
   
    
   
   

was -really little money in farming in New Eng-
land. A living, within little set aside each year
for the future, was the best that the ‘occupatiof,
afforded. Hal subscribed for a number Of}ii§f_l1’
closestudy, ‘
these kept him, to some extent, in touch with-I.tl:iie
busy world. The boy. dreamed of makinghis f

tune some dayvin some line that had no coriiiec
tion whatever with farming. He was ambitions
to make his mark in life in a pronounced way}

success._ He always worked with such a vim,‘

-‘[51

as Hal the hustler, and many predicted that some ,
day he would become an important factor in the

World. a K’ .
“Come in, Fred, and watch me eat,” said H_ , "
“If you hadn’

after he had ﬁnished his toilet.
;:l_read,y had your supper I would ask you to shat
me. . i ' -
Fred accompanied him into the hig‘kitcheii'
which did duty as a general living-room‘, and said
“good-evening” to Mrs. Harper, who was taking
Ha‘l’s supper out of the oven and placing it on
the table. Hal’s sister, Mary, was tidying
the room, and she and Fred exchanged greeting,s,.
apparently delighted to see each other. In fact '
Fred thought a wholelot of Mary, and the 
seemed to reciprocatethe feeling. Fred tal-ed
more with Mary than he did with Hal, and the
subject of the smugglers was not renewed. When
Hal ﬁnished his supper Fred said he guessed i,
was time for him to go. He lived in_ Coveport
which was about a mile away by the road. His
father was cashier of the village bank, andyowfned
stock in it, consequently, the Ticknors were looked
upon as persons of some importance in theplace
Fred attended the high school in the neighborin
town of Solon, riding to‘ and fro on horseback’,
and'his parents expected to send him to Bowdoin
College. He was a“nice, gentlemanly _boy, andia
warm friend of Hal’s. After the departurerof
Fred, Hal attended to sundry chores thatghad
been left undone by Jonas Kingsley, who had
gone to the village to call on a sick friend. ' He
noticedthat the wind had changed around to th
southeast, and that the heretofore bright skyewa
clouding over at a rapid rate.  . 7:
“Looks asif another storm was brewing yon-
der,” Hal said tohimself, glancing ‘toivard‘v"t
east and south. “That means another aitves
ofseaweed for‘us. Well; I can dispose"of~,‘all
that comes our way. I dare say I’ll be able;1;o
spare Farmer Brown a few loads this ‘spring.
month aboutit,
and I should like to oblige him.” -  ,, '
He ﬁnished his work and ‘entered the house,Aby
which time the wind was moaning through '_th?'e
patch of woods that stood between the meado '
and the shore, and bearing to the house the ‘o
cadence of the surf on the beach, half a mile‘ ,
tant. Hal's rooniwas on_wthe second story,,»at ..
the back ofthe house, facing the ocean. When
he turned in the rain was eating against the
window panes, and the prospect outside wasihs
black as ink. The wind had increased, and ,w_ 
whistling around the eaves of the building. - 
“This is a nightwhen a ﬁre feels gciodj”

      
 

  

  

 .5.

  
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
     
 
    
  

 

‘ ,,s€to"ve' which- heated his room, as he_‘undre_ssed. “I
".k§,ir.e"Athe water, but I don’t think I'd care to be
wt yonder tonight. The wind IS’ blowing dead
here, and that makes the coast, a lee shore. The
" coast patrol will have a nice_t1n>ie>of it on the
beach. " I '_don’t_ envy themdtheir Job.‘ They earn
every‘ dollar of their wages. Seems to me this
wdiild be a.g_ood night for the smugglers to land
‘a'cargo‘of liquor in some sheltered cove, where
they could run a small sloop in and he snug till
ewind ‘changed in the morning. If they could
get. rid of their stuff under cover of darkness and
the gale they need not fear discovery when day-
‘_];ighi:' came and showed»the_m;up- Th<_=reS Just
 such a cove on the northeast boundary line of our
property. A skipperpwho knew the lay» of the
coast hereabouts as well as I do on ht to_ be, able
timzun a small fore—and—afterv in ere in most
,  kind of weather." ’ _ '
’ Hal. jumped into bed. and cuddled down under
 the clothes with a feeling of great ,satisfact1o_n.
. 74:1 must look at my rabbit ‘l‘.l‘apS_ﬁI‘St_.,tl’lL!,l,g in
‘*‘th.e-' morning before I do anything else, _ he
fthought. “I ought. to ﬁnd several fat prizes
awaiting me.
other it is stewed rabbit.” ‘
d  Lulled to. repose by the wind and rain, he S0011
fellasleep, and his last thoughts were about the
_ rabbits that he hoped would‘ be snared. Hal was
a.'sound sleeper, and rarely ever woke up before
7' ~' usual hour for turning out in the _m01‘I11118-
glflriethixig, however, aroused him this ni_ght, and
he sat up in bed and listened‘. The wind was
' howling worse than ever. and the H111 W33 Delt-
,- the glass. _ ’ .
,  Whilit inl thunder was it awokeyme? ' he mut-
s s ee 1 . ,
: telllg wag Xbout to lie down again .When the
sound of a ‘cannon broke upon his ear. The wind
1iore- it in from the sea and ﬂung it against the
house. The window‘ sashes 1'a.lZtled.,lO11“d‘lY,fl‘i()h1
‘ : ncussion. . '-
ﬂ"¥‘e‘V‘l‘-9liat- in creation does that mean?” Hal asked
_ “himself in a puzzle dvoice. _ , _, .
‘ It seemed a most extraordinary circumstance to
Way. At that moment another report came
‘ ing over the water, shaking the window as
_  Hal jumped out of his bedand looked at
‘ftlie little clock. The hour was half-past three.
‘]_={4—e- peered out of the window-, but the darkness
’  so intense that his. face was reﬂected in the
_ ebony panes. There were no further reports and
‘  went to bed again, wondering what the mean-
ings of it all was. i

   
 
  
    

 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
 

 

 

(ll-IAPTER II.—The Stranger on the Shore...

1 I a sk with hea rainclouds scudding
 litslgreelshd I-Ial’s vihriyon when he looked out
7 e£ the. window soon after daylight. A gray mist
-.hid;the sea, and made the little woods look unreal

9  ghostly against the background of _the dull
_ . -A strong breeze drove the mist in wisps
over the ﬁelds. and brought the roar of the break-
 it. The prospect was decidedly bleak
and éuncomfortable, and ’most. any other .1105"
 h;,,v¢.retumed to bed ‘for. another nap and

        

f more coal.

If I like one dish more than an- i

it was only a mile. by road from .tl‘ie end of the
. ane.

isomebody, for he glanced continually about him. ’

        
  

presence. ~here,«.andﬁ also for  having,   ,
I his possession. ' Probablyit  
W-1- ' that ' ‘toll’ *w1iiehl.‘-e =’ 

L -‘ . V w. w f ' ‘  ‘
the rabbi?»  tee bugs" m?§,’Ie'“didE.
A _ . y, ,1, 

 ...HA,L.n'I».‘HEl.HUSTLER .  I  .  .3;

sided» to ‘inspect his rabbit trapsthat morning, iie‘

wasfnot to be deterred by the. unpromising out-

';look of the weather.

The, galefappeared to have blown itself out, and
he believed it would soon clear up. At any rate, '\
he hurried into his clothes, putting on a thick.‘

pea jacket and donning a soft, wide—brimmed hat.

Going downto the kitchen, he opened up the'»
draughts in the stove, shook it down and put on

Then he fetched a tin’ pail of water, ,
did _a few other. things, and ﬁnally started for ' ‘

the woods. _. The Long grass in the ﬁelds was soak-

ing wet, and what little he could see of the hill- 
side, that rose at one point abruptly into the cliffs  [
surrounding the little cove forming the north.-.
easterly boundary of the farm, seemed to steam

in the cold‘ light of the morning. He found the _
ﬁrst trap. empty, and the second also. The other - '
eight, which he had set overnight, were all among
the low sand hills along the shore. As. he
tramped toward them, peering through the driz- .
zling rain and mist, he suddenly came upon a man _
in the dim mysterious loneliness of dawn. . At»
ﬁrst he seemed a dark blot in the sea fog, but

as the drifting mist alternately revealed and ob-
scured his burly ﬁgure, Hal felt_it prudent to. A i
stop where_he' was until he had ascertained the "Xi;
identity of the man. He appeared to be a. strain, " ‘
get, and therefoée, could have no business on the
shore at daybre k. To the leftit lay silent and 
deserted for miles, skirted by precipitous cliﬁfs. "5
that extended eastward from the cove. To the 
right it wound around a jutting point and .wid- ’
ened into the bay of Coveport. It was all of a . ~
two-mile walk to the village along the shore, while

 

  

N o inhabitant 0:‘! that. locality would choose the “
beach route under such, weather conditions when ” '
he could have taken the road. ‘One thing that
aroused I~Ial‘s suspicions was that the man acted » «
strangely. He seemed afraid of something. org,

and -always in the direction of the village. Hai 1
dodged behind a rock close at hand and continued 
towatcli the stranger, for such the boy was, sat. '
isﬁed that he was. As the light grew 3. bit strong- ._
er, Hal noticed that his clothes looked damp and...
sodden, as if he’d' been in the water. All at once .»
he stooped and grasped something that lay in the-
sand at his feet. As he hoisted it on his shoulder. _ ;
Hal saw i_t/was_ an oblong box, of dark wood, 
clamped with brass at the corners. With another‘
look in the direction of Coveport, he strode noisew. .
lessly away toward the cove and the cliffs, ,va,n-_
ishing in the mist. I . J
' “I wonder who the’ thunder that .chap.is?” Hal i
asked himself, as he looked in the direction taken,
by the man. “He certainly doesn't belon arounidi”
here. What could have brought him -to t -is loiiéfg
some stretch of beach, and why is he going to‘-;
ward the deserted cove instead of to the village;'!'f'.
Those were questions the boy couldn't answer
“He looks as if he’d come out of the seanot .3. ,9
great while ago,” he mused. “Maybe some craf, ‘*
was wrecked» on this beach in last nightis g-ale 
he belonged to her. That. would accountifor

 

 

  

: from the wreck. If that idea is correct he would
’ - ‘seem to be the sole survivor. Assuming then that
he is unacquainted with the shore would account
‘for his going toward the cove instead of toward
the harbor, since he probably took that course at
random, not being aware that there was a vil-
 -lage clos-e by in the other direction.”
 2 Having summed the matter up to his own sat-
isfabtion, Hal thought it was his duty to follow
3 the stranger and direct him» to Coveport. At any
‘ V rate his rabbit traps lay in that direction, so he
7 wouldn't be going much, if anything, out of his
way in rendering the man a service. Withthat
 purpose in view he started toward the cove. The
mist was thinning out and it was brighter. Three
,. steps took him to the spot the stranger had just
, vacated, and Hal, whowas blessed with an ob-
serving eye, saw something dark lying on the sand.
.He stopp and picked it up. It was a small
pocketboo , flat and thin, damp with sea water.
~ “The man must have lost that,” thought Hal.
“I’ll give it to him when I come up with him.”
He dropped it into his pocket and proceeded.
Although Hal hustled in order to overtake the
‘Stranger he saw no sign of him. ’
« “He must have left the shore and cut across. the
fields,” thought the boy when he saw the cliffy
entrance to the cove looming up ahead through
 jnist, “otherwise I ought to have overtaken
him before this. Well, if he’s‘ done that he’s
bound to strike the road, and then if he keeps on
_ astward he’ll see Caleb Caulder’s farmhouse, and
he can crav,e Caleb's hospitality. Well I’ll go as
_ ar, as the rocks and if I don’t meet him I’ll turn
back‘ and look after "my traps.” I

  
   
 
    
 
     
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  

as the liigh' tide permitted. The stranger was no-
;-where in sight. , ‘ ' "
‘; .‘‘That settles it. Back I go,” said Hal.
~ _ He returned along the sand hills and presently
‘something jumped ‘in the sand in front of him----
, something brown and furry, but all draggled and
Wrubbed the wrong way. He knelt on one knee,
opened the jaws of the trap, dealt swiftly and
mercifully with the poor little creature, and
- _ passed on to the next. By the time he had visit-
ed all the traps, and had two rabbits to show for
his early mornin_g’s exertions, it was broad day-
'.light. The rain had stopped altogether, the clouds
werebreaking up, the mist was almost gone, and
die could see the shore quite distinctly as far as
 ' Almost on the western boundary line,
of his mother’s property he made out a dark ob-
v ject that looked like the wreck of a small craft.
‘ With the rabbits in his hand he-started toward
it, convinced now that his speculations concern‘-
ing the stranger were correct. As he approached
e saw several men standing about it, and one
utlined on top of the bows. In a few minutes
haiwas able to make them ‘out clearer. One of
them wore the undress unifoi-'m>of a naval offi-
cer in the American navy, while the others were
attired alike as naval seamen. I-Ial’s approach
was‘ observed, and when he came up he was ac-
cépsted by the officer. —

You’re out early, young man,” he said... “Been ‘

bbiting, I see. Do you live near here?” ,
‘Y;es,,.«sir. This wreck is on theedge of our
’ which extends eastward as: fa,r\as',the qove,’?~

   

A

  _ i ' - HAL, THE HUSTLER

 I-Ial-went as close tothe entrance of the cove ‘

    

~ illieutenant.

 
   

“I suppose you picked, up those rabbits inayo
der woods?” ‘ ' j’ .,g
“No, S11‘ got them from the traps I set 
terday evening along the low sand bills at the‘ «a
back-of the beach." ' 3 ' " "
“How long have you been on the shore?”.
“Near1y an hour, I ‘should think.”. . - ~~ .
“You haven’t seen any one on the beach, have
you?” 2 - . f :,
‘ “Yes, sir. I saw. one burly-looking man, eirie
dentlya stranger in this locality, on the beach
when I first came down. He looked as if he had
been in water, and I came to the conclusionithat
some vessel had been wrecked in last night‘s 
and that he was, perhaps,’ the only survivor.”’,“.;
The oﬁicer looked interested at thi~s.bit»o'f:vi"
formation. ’ ' / ,
“Which way was he heading?” A. .
_“_For the cove; but he didn’.t go there, for tv,
tide IS too high for any one to make his éwa »
around the rocks, so I suppose he must have 
across the ﬁelds to the road.” - ‘
“_Thank you for the information, young man
It is what I wanted. Come, my men, follow '
Will you kindly show us how we can reach
road from here?” *
“Certainly,” replied Hal, as they startedwoif.
“What 18 your name?" asked the oﬁicer. _
f‘Hal Harper. Did the man come ashore frdin
this wreck?” ’ , " ‘ 
“He did. We believe he is one of the smug
glers we are’ after. His companions were prol!- 5‘
ably lost when the sloop came ashore, since you
say he was alone.” ' V _ ,
“One of the smugglers!” ejaculated. Hal, 
surprise. “Is that so? Then you belong to. th
revenue cutter that came into Coveport yesterday:
afternoon.” , . _. . . .. _' ,
“I am one’ of her oﬂicers.” " ~
“And that ﬁring I heard this morning abdu
three o’clock--can you explain that?” ; Q-
(‘.‘I can. ‘ ' ' '
gling vessel would be off this neighborhood last
night, and after dark we steamed out, keepin‘
off and on,- on the lookout for her; We caugh
sight of a sloop in the vicinity of‘ that islandout
yonder called the Chimney, land'suspecting
was our game, chased her. We ﬁred our heavy
forlard gun as a signal for her to heave to',’but’
she‘ paid no attention. Then we threw, a.‘ she!
across her bows. It had no ‘effect. ‘We’ ﬁre

She steeredaway from the Chimney and head
straight for. the beach. We follo,wed'h_er‘in/as
near as Awepdared go, and ‘saw her go ashore and
break up partially. The surf looked too heavy
for a boat to face, so we hauled off and return‘
toCoveport'. I was then ordered to bringa boatls .
crew down byway of the beach. »We arrived ‘in’ 5 3
time tosee a man, similar in appearance tothp‘
one you have”. described to me, ji'x‘mp"fro'mWthe
bqyvs of‘ the wreck ‘on to the beach with a‘ small
box on his shoulder, and di'sappea_r-in the 
We gave’ him chase, but failed to -«see him-agai. H ..
“The? man I say had a small brown box," ' '
brass corner pieces,” said Hal. ,, / ‘  I 
“I‘ia_in satisﬁed he is the same man,.’' répiiga
1 ‘flie is db_uhtl_es':a.’¢rriirig’ 
‘O 4 “$3;

       

  

  

 vicinity.‘ We must try and cut him off if
we can.”

Hal led the party by the‘ shortest possible route‘

_’p the road, and there bade the oﬁicer goo_d-by as
he -and his men started eastward at a rapid pace.

 
  
   
   
   
  
   

- CHAPTER III.——A Discovery.

 Hal reached home much later thanhe intended,
_and- found that his mother and sister had break-
fast almost ready. He hung the brace of rabbits
 a nail outside the kitchen door.

=. “I didn't intend to-be away so long, mother,"
"he said, when he walked into the kitchen; “but
I \I7met with quite an adventure on the beach, and
‘that detained .me."

. O

: f‘Tell us about it,” said his sister, her curiosity
"roused. _ _ ,
“First of all tell me, did either of _you hear
any cannon shots early this morning in the.di—
nection of the ocean?” he said. _ _
ﬁvlftlleither of them had heard anything of the
J. n . . . I . ’
‘7‘1“Well, I was awakened by them, and at the
[time wondered what they meant. I know all about
iii: now. The revenue cutter, which arrived in
Coveport yesterday afternoon,.di_scovered a sloop
‘close to the Chimney early this morning, and
failing to overhaul her chased her ashore. She
lies awreck, on the western edge of our property.
One of the presumed smugglers escaped, but the
others are supposed‘ to have lost their. lives. I
. saw the chap to the eastward of the woods when
Iuﬁrst reached the beach, and noted that he was
a.' stranger in these parts. I ‘didn’t fanc his
‘looks, what little I saw of them, and di not
‘discover myself to him. He had a small brass—
'3 hound box with him, and after he had vanished in
-the midst I didn’t see him again; but I'll warrant
I’d“know him if I ever saw him again.”
 Hal then described his meeting with the naval

oﬁicer and his boat’s crew, and how the former
had told him about-the attempt made by the
cutter to capture the suspected smuggler.
‘ 1! “He was anxious to overtake the-man, I saw
7oii,the beach, so I guided him and his party
to theiroad, where I left them a few minutes
ago,”., concluded the boy.‘ _ ‘ .
,, By. the time he had ﬁnished his story breakfast
-‘was ‘ready, and the hired man was called. in to
"take his usual place at the table. During the
.mea1,Ha.l told him the story he had already re-
lated to his mother and sister. “ ’

._. “Smugglers, eh?” said Kingsley. There s been
,a ‘lot, of talk about them of late. People. say
tl_iey’ve landed a number of ‘cargoes within the
last six months, but I doubt it. They may’ have
{landed one, perhaps two, but I guess’thats the
‘si'1_in"total of their enterprise. I dont see how
pthey could have done much
have been several revenue men here for some
weeks on the watch, and it would have (been
, next to impossible for-_ themto run a cargo on
the coast hereabouts without discovery. You can
‘see yourself how sharp the’Governmen_t people are
when they nailed that sloop, according to your
‘account, this morning, and it was a ﬁne night
for thesmugglers. You can take» myword for

    
  
 
  
  
  
   
  

  

; exaggerated."

 

for I know there»

‘ t,,Hal, that this smuggling business is greatly;

The news of the running ashore’ of the alleged _
smuggler bythe cutter was soon known to nearly , 1'
every inhabitant of Coveport, and, of course, that“ '

~was the main topic discussed in the village that-

morning. Naturally, Fred Ticknor heard about-" 
it, and seized upon it as a good excuse to come‘ .
over to the Harper farm, as soon as he returned ‘
from Solon that afternoon. Of course, he judged. ', ,
that by that time his friend knew as much or _‘ ‘
more on the subject than hecould tell him, but.
the opportunity to see Mary Harper so soon _ 
again was not to be neglected. He was not aware ‘ “
ofvthe part Hal had played in connection with,
the matter, and was surprised when he heard . ,
his fr’-iend’s story. ’_ if
“So you actually met one of, the smugglers?”
he said, in a tone of some eagerness. is
“I ran across the sole survivor of the sloop
that the cutter ‘chased ashore," replied Hal.«
“Whether he’s a smuggler," and the sloop was
engaged ,in that business isn’t established to my‘
knowledge beyond a reasonable doubt. If the
sloop really was a smuggler, it seems to 
all evidence against her has been swallowed up‘-
by the sea. As for the man I saw on the shore, ,
if he has been, or should be, captured, it will be .
up to the Government to produce evidence against’; .,
him before -he can be punished as a smuggler."¢
“But the lieutenant in command of the cutter . «
received word that a fast sloop called the La» 1
Reine des Mers left a certain Canadian port yesé
terday morning with a cargo of brandy and:
whisky aboard, ‘and, that, though she had cleared;
for Boston, she really intended to land the liquor
somewhere along the coast of this state near’
Chimney Island last night if conditions were fa"-'
vorable.’ Well, a craft answering her description
was discovered off the Chimney, as you know," and»
refused to lay to when signaled to do so. That, of-_ .
itself, is suspicious enough to stamp her char-- A
acter in my mind. Well, she went ashore and
one man escaped from her. His connection with
the chased sloop ought to be enough to show that"
he’s one of the smugglers,” said Fred, nodding his .
head in a way that intimated he didn’t think there
could be any doubt on the subject.- '
“All right, let it go at that. There is no use
of our continuing the argument until we hear _
something more about the matter from an author
itative._source. Go in_now and talk to sis. 'I’.ve
got a Job to do,” replied Hal, turning away and
walking over to the barn. - _ T
- On the following morning the cutter left Cove-
port and sailed back the way she had come, and
it was known that her commanding oﬂicer had
not captured the man Hal saw on the shore. As
the Government sleuths, who had been hanging‘
around the neighborhood for some time, .were
seen to‘take a westbound train at Solon over the,"
Washington County Railroad, it was judged that.
the revenue oﬁicials believed that the destruction‘,
of the sloop marked the end of the liquor smug-~
gling, for the present at least. . _
The loss of the’ sloop and the escape of. the
sole. survivor interested the inhabitants of Cove‘-»
port and vicinity for at,:least a week, and .therg,:
they began to talk about other thin s. Even. as.

  

    
 

 

   
   
   
  
 
  
 

Fred Ticknor, who had been much wor ed up on hi
the subgect, ceased to refer to it any more,_-am‘!
?'dopted some other excuseto call at the Harps:
arm. 7 . v —- —- ; -. ‘
Hal was about the only one who still thought‘
,  LP

 

  
   

. after that eventful morning he haunted the beach
around ﬂood tide. He was lookingnfor evidence to
establish the sloop as a sniugglerp She was al-

eged to have been loaded with both barrels and
_ uses of liquor. The barrels were understood to
 ‘A contain whisky, and the cases bottles of import-
ed ‘French cognac. In his opinion, one or more
» of the barrels ought to come ashore through the

action of the waves, and perhaps some of the bot-

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 

»-ken through the wreck. While these things co-uld
not be expected to ﬂoat near the surface, still it
4 V was by no means unreasonable to expect them“to
be rolled up by the tide. ‘The only things that did
'1 come ashore were pieces of the wreck. "

One afternoon Hal found her_stern boardfon

» faded white letters, La Reine des ‘Mers--which
‘«is French for Queen of the Seas, a rather high-
» sounding title for so small a craft- Next morn-
; ing a life-buoy, with the same name painted -in
" small black letters on. it, came, ashore. while- Hal
was on the spot. Not the ghost of a barrel or
'a bottle, even an empty broken“one, showed up.
Nothing but
planks and cordage, and Hal laidclaim to and

landed on his mother’s property, which gave her
la legal right to take possession of the ﬂotsam. No
 one" disputedvhis claim, so he hung the life-buoy
in" the barn, where it became an,-object of inter-
est _to chance visitors, and used the stern board
to repair the roof of‘ the chicken ‘house. Strange
, tosay, Hal had forgotten all aboutxthe thin
.. bi‘-own pocketbook which lay neglected in the

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  

ﬂpdcket of his pea jacket. - .
"He hadn’t used the jacket sincegthe morning he
went ‘after the’ rabbits and discovered the man
on the shore.‘ Thesucceeding mornings were ﬁne
» aa1d.—clear,.and Hal wore a lighter jacket. .He
‘I’oiily' wore the pea jacket in bad weather, and
«sornetimes when he went ﬁshing. On the Satur-
day ‘afternoon following the wreck of the La

, farm‘, and found Hal preparing to go out to the
"vicinity of Chimney Island to fish. Hal frequently
took‘Saturday afternoon off in this manner, as
a ‘kind of recreation that he was fond of indul-
fging in, and Fred invariably accompanied him as
' a companion and general assistant, for Ticknor
‘ likedvsalt water almost as well as Hal himself.

.After putting his mare in the barn and pass-
ing a word or two with Mary Harper, Fred joined
;his_ friend, and helped him take a number of_
;things down to the staunch, weather-beaten cat-
— boat belonging to Hal, which was anchored in a
small sheltered creek near where the ‘wreck had
2 gone ashore.

The afternoon was cloudy and the wind blew
strong offshore. The ocean was alive with white
caps, but not what a sailor would call rough.
It was really: an ideal day for an experienced
iislierman to pick up a load of the ﬁnny tribe
Ton the ground they haunted, and Hal had the
business down as ﬁne as any one who made it
their occupation. Later on, when the mackerel
' that far east, by which time they would

‘'3

day, and caught a big load, for they swarmed

V about the smuggling incident. For 

tles, as many of the cases would have been bro— '

»the beach, and on this he traced her name in‘

plain wreckage in- the shape of;

"'arted them all away on the ‘grdund thattliey '
. their efforts to extricate themselves after“ they:

_ Reine des Mers, Fred rode over ‘to the Harper’

be in ﬁne condition, Hal went out nearly every.

bout Chimney Island, and sold them in Solon.

 

-;:=:l  , ' —
at a b1g'p!'o_ﬁt, sometimes getting ‘as muc1;_.,.a
a ‘quarter apiece for -the best of them at wlhdie.
sale. Whatever attraction Chimney‘ IsIaird"haa2l
for ﬁsh, certain it is whenever ~there‘wer'e' any
in that water they could be found around‘-* 3.
islgiéd if no‘;vl';ie1ie else.‘ - ,  "
presen s -were scar ' ' ' ..
hood, but‘ Hal never failed t¢(iecaltclih:tgIdglig}ii}i§sfs"ri§€
for the house, and for. Fred to take home'with
him. It didn’t.-take long‘ for the boys to. 
aﬂoat,.and~ with a single reef" in the 
the boat was soon-heading for the island which
lay about ﬁve miles. offshore, and was r’em'ai'rk-”
able for nothing but the tall whiteshaft‘ of rock
tesenlbling 3 fa‘!-t01‘.V chimney, from which it took
its name. The waters immediately arouiid th 
island, extending to perhaps‘ half a mile in".;’“
grcle. were known to he .e;;.c¢ed1ng~1y.pe,i;,',,’,~§_
1‘ 9- navigator to venture’ into- even a small‘
3:‘:-ft With as light a draught as a catboat. Theiéie
_ e shoals andisunken rocks everywhere v-form;
mg the submerged part of. the island-itself’, wlriqﬁdi

  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
      
 
 

i
O
:
.._
Q-
:3‘
ca
<
(D
='
93
:2.
S9
::v
(‘D
:4
(‘P
(‘D
:1
Z
<:
(D
d
cu
in
::-'
93
:2.
SD
..
..
3.
P’:-

be:%l;l above thehsurface. v .
« ere were'c a l -11.13, ~ , - ’._
    
attemptgd to follpwthem in an effort to Ian’ >
U1 the -Island, found they led nowhere like ‘en
de sacs, and not infrequently came to'”g1-ief

oncegot 'thf th ’ ' ﬂ  -~ 1
ed with lvlieilllansgfs1l>fui§§e'ioli§ltv§3sai§§g§§,§§,.
yeiiturecl nearer’ than a quarter of {mile of the
island at the most, and uS1iaIIy—]{ept,furthe 
Once he took chances after a shoal of madkgrel
thflt ﬂed rtowardrithe Chimney, and nearly’ lost
his boat and his life as well. Hal ’‘
lthe narrow. shave he experienced, and ever a «"r
hrs.  g°   take “¢5Pew?°
n this‘part' l aft ' _
boat on the eldgeairof tl°il:n0oo1lll;eI:[‘Ia.B1h’(a)12rl.)l(:S.ho1a:l.'(li(ll‘t!}:°‘.\
and Fred threw out their lines. During’ the ﬁrs:
hour they had'few bites, and four small ﬁsh ; 
the sum total they landed during that timdverg
‘ “This is tiresome,” remarked Fred at length
_‘W_hat is the matter with "the ﬁsh today? ‘It
is 3ust,the.k1n,d of. afternoon they ought to bite."
,..W§1,f}vl;:1l~v:;eﬂuel gnciﬁ Eat," reiplied 
therheas1u:t_.” go -urther to.
_ is ney did, but with no better 1' , . ..
mg‘ the second hour they‘ altered tzllfgiii t1Siosil):i:3rn'—
three times, and they succeeded in capturing oniy‘
on‘eI’in%re ﬁsh,’though he was a big 1‘e110w_ 
Fr‘e%.hl etlthey re all in near the island,” growledax ‘
‘ at s ows remarkable intell' th '. p j
part, for they're out of dangerlgthrgieejgo 31: N
can get at them,” laughed Fred.» ' ‘
‘Its a shame we can’t go closer in.” _ 
_ ‘We can, but as the tide is low it would’be ’
risky to attempt it)’. ‘ ’ l
“I’d like to make a landing on that island.”
::0h, there's nothing to see.” ' l
“Theres the chimney and the twins.”
Y"ou ‘can see them from here.” ‘ _.
::Id like to get,a close view of them.”  '2
People,_ like children and. cats, always yearn 
for‘ what is Just out of their reach.” _ ' ‘
a cgtxﬁlks‘ D° V011 compare me to a child oi-__ji

 

 

 

O

   
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   

f“l?resent company always eitcepteds By. the
wa_.y,—if you want to get a closer view of the
chimney and the twins get my -glass- out of the

‘.‘Have you got a glass aboard?” asked Fred,
eagerly. .,“Sinc_e when did you get it?”

.“\I bought it the last -time I was at’ the village.”
, Fred got the telescope and focussed the chim-

' of the island called the twins. ,

"‘This is a ﬁne glass. You can see bang—up
with it. It brings things out as clear as crystal.
'.l.’he.1'e, are three men on the island."
"‘~‘What!"=. cried Hal. “Let me see."

He took the glass and looked.
.“‘By. George! So there are. I wonder how they
‘,~fgot»there? Must have rowed out in —a skiff. and
‘that's ;a pretty big row.” -
“I should say it was. It's all of five miles.
Pd rather walk‘ that than row it any day.”
gHal' continued to.inspect the island._ Suddenly
1ief_ saw a large sailboat shoot out apparently
_l!‘Q[1ilgh‘a wall oi rock ‘and head to ‘the south-

" r . s
 .';f‘Looli:, Fred, look!” he exclaimed. ,‘‘There's a

, feed-si_zed‘ sailboat coming-Ldirectly from the is-
-*4 and "

 

   
  
    
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
   
     
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  

_ »",‘,‘I see her, and yet everybody says thatVnoth-
ing larger than a rowboat can reach ‘the island.
You've said so yourself a dozen times.” - '
,“I‘ know I. have. _A score of ﬁshermen have
jtried7'it=.from every point of the. compass and
failed. So, have I tried it after a fashion. _There,

two men, on board--have evidently discovered a
channel _somehow or they couldn't have reached
the island.” , s '
“_She has tacked again," said Fred. ,
,“A short one, for” there she goes to the east-
” .-Ward once more. Now she’s tacked to the south-
’ ‘e‘ast."~ . . is ,
‘ Y That brought the strange boat within an eighth
of a: mile of. the spot where they were anchored.
As, she came around in a semi-circle and headed
tofthe east and north, Hal raised the glass to

is eyes again. He. caught a clear view of the
;men in the boat. One was a smooth-faced yoiing
mane while the other was square-built, wit11‘*‘a
mustache and imperial. Hal uttered an .exc1ama_-
tion of surprise as his gaze rested on the burly
one. ‘He was the dead image of the stranger
liehad encountered on the shore the morning
that-the La Reine des Mers was cliasedyashore
“by the revenue cutter. " .

- 4; CHAPTER IV—Hal Has Someideas. ’

‘.‘What's the matter, Hal ?" asked _Fred.
~.~“.Nothing much,” replied Hal evasively, “only
L think I have seen one of the chaps in that
heat before.” -
_‘-“If,-you know him you could ask him to‘ give
zyoui the bearings of the channel, so we could
‘go—'_to the island oiirse1ves.’?v ‘I .

‘.5‘I don’t know him. I said I thought I had
seen him before.” ' .
. _‘‘At any rate, you know in a general way
where the channel is—I mean the direction from
the island.” ‘ g
' ;“I doubt if that would help any. I

took note

it ;  *:iiA’L,;’-rrnn-"nus7rL.En
gabin ‘and take a peep at them.” . '

,. ‘ney with it, and then the two rocks ‘on the edge,‘

‘sh'e’s tacking to the east. Those chaps-—I see.

. well ?

.session of his mind. He was a boy, however, ‘who 7

    

of the way. in which the boat tacked 'about'., and 
thaitl: showeid me Ehﬁt 0n%”InuSt know its cours * ‘T
we 1n01'el‘T.000W1. 
“Well, that boat has established the fact that‘ ;
there is a channel that leads direct to the island." T ‘
“T_here’s‘nu doubt ‘about that. Come now, the
sun is getting low; we must try and get a couple -
of messes o fish or we shall have come out-
here_ for nothing,” replied Hal, turning his at»-' l,_
texll-lhorputlleduithneahhlcioiirhgirea couple of fish se  
in . -~ ‘
curely hooked. . - ’
t l‘:Tht2;1t isndifsghbald," he said, as he started. to- T
.a e em 0 e ine. . _
Fil'edhpu]llee;i his line in and found one fish on i .
curey oo . '_ -- 
“By the way, Hal,” he said after a little while.‘ ' T
(4% tsgw threleémen, onf the itsland, and on1y.two_-;
o em saie away rom i . - ._ .,
_“How do you know that?’ The _other man, 3_'
might have been ‘in the .cabin,” replied Hal. ,  ;
. “That’s so. I didn't think of that." .
“:You _WaIt1£_to le?1i;in’to think if you expect to
ge on in is wo .’ _ A‘  _.
g.:$§i:':.:i§“:;.. %“;..W*ai*~ do  swv°s°..i r
s o imney . T
“How can answer that question‘? I'm riot...
3:. r;_iiiti;i}:l-ijeikilder. l'l:hey may have gone there 
‘es e -.c anne . .  .~ .
be“If1;0P§ tliirll ’publish their knowledge for the; Fr
nei oeo ers.’ ' ‘ 
“They may, and again they may not,” replied ‘,
Hal, who co_uldn’t help thinking about the man-

  
 
 

  
 
   

he had recognized in‘the boat. . .  p 

There was little doubt in . his mind that‘ He. ff
Was the survivor of .the wreck of "the. La Reine"
des Mers, and the stranger he had met on the
shore. If. he ,_really was a smuggler then his,’
presence at. the Chimney might mean a whole 5.‘
lot. He remembered that the revenue oﬂicer had ’ T
said that the cutter discovered the sloop in the «
neighborhood of the island. If this alleged smug’-‘
gler _was able to ﬁnd his way to the island‘on,_ ,
a sailboat might not the channel be deep ‘and’; 
wide enough to accommodate _a large sloop as" 

    
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  

In. that event, perhaps the smugglers had used "
the island, as a sort of storage _ouse for tlieir,
cargoes, subsequently landing their stuﬁ’ on the*
main shore in sectionsthroug-h the agency ofa"
ﬁshing boat, the owner of which stood in with
them. That would, in a. manner, account foftheé’
degree of success they had been credited with;
since ‘a small fishing boat that went out’ o ‘“
Coveport.in_ the morning and returned with seine-
flsh at mght 00_uld hardly be suspected ‘of -hav
ing any connection with an extensive smuggling"
trade. The more Hal thought the subject over.
the more the idea, as outlined above. took pos‘

never went off half-cocked, as the expression. is
In other words, he did not intend to go aroun _
and tell what he couldn't show hadsome. basis '
on fact. . - ‘ 

If the Chimney had been, or still was, use
as .a cloak for smuggling liquor into the State
he wanted to be able to prove it before the shid
anything about. The only way he ‘couid satigf
himself on the matter was to reachthe islan
and investigate it. There was only one way with"
in his power, and that was to go ‘there ;in"
rowboat. That was an undertaking that preseri_

  
  
   
  
 

   
  

,3,»

 l

 ‘many diﬂiculties. To begin with, it w a

 prove a dangerous enterprise, inasmuch that if
' the island proved to be a smugglers’ nest he

would be apt to ﬁnd one or more of the rascals
on watch there, and if he was discovered on
‘ the island he might be handled without gloves
' ‘in a way that might not be good for his health.
, '_ The fact that not a barrel or bottle had been
.‘ s washed up on the beach after the wreck of the
La Reine des Mers, which had been reported as
. _‘ having cleared from her Canadian port with a
‘cargo of liquor, made Hal suspect that she had

 

landed her freight somewhere before she was.

,, sighted by the revenue cutter, and‘ as she was
seen close to the Chimney, was it not possible
that she had left the liquor on that island? Her
attempt at escape could not, in that case. be
ascribed to the presence on board of her cargo,

* but to its absence, for her papers would have

' shown that she had cleared for Boston with a
a freight of liquor, and it would have been up to

her captain to explain what ‘had become of it

en route. All these points occurred to Hal as

‘ he ﬁshed away alongside of his companion, re-

plying to his talk in an absent kind of way

that showed he was in a preoccupied mood. At
length Fred noticedhis manner. '

“Say,” what the dickens are you dreaming
about?” he asked.

“Oh; I was just thinking,” replied Hal.

“About that channel?”

f:’\“Not exactly.” .

;‘‘What do you mean by not exactly?”

‘(I was thinking about the island.” , .

i _‘‘What about it?” ' .

,“I was wondering if it was really worth the

»trouble of visiting in case one did ‘ﬁnd out the

lay of the channel.” .

 “Why not? It would be a feather in any one’s

cap to say he had sailed a boat straight there

, and back. It would be a feat that would make

‘ you famous in Coveport and vicinity.”

“That wouldn't amount to‘ a whole lot. I’d
like to performa feat that would make me really
ﬁfamous, so that my name would appear in all
' the papers as a boy who had accomplished some-
thing worth while.”

‘;“That would be ﬁne. It would make your for-

tune; but -the chances of 801% a thing happen-

" ihg to you are rather slim. on would have to

do; something of. great importance-—likVe the dis-

 covery of the North Pole, for instance. That

‘would make you famous all over the world.”

‘ “Oh,” one can ‘get famous without going to

such an extreme as that.” ’

- f‘That’s so. A certain woman, got famous; some
time ago by merely going on a rampage with an
‘an; in the cause of temperance. Now, that’s a
V very simple thin by which to acquire fame.”

. ',,"“Do you call t at fame? ,1 call it notoriety.”

2 “Well, she became famous in a way. She was

talked about all over the country and even in

» Europe.” a —

“Pm not looking for that kind of fame. I

   
 
   
 
 
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  

ilcient importance-to attract general attention.”
?‘‘If you were a young doctor and discovered a
real cure for cancer or consumption’ that would
Va credit to you and attract general attention

ten-mile "round trip. In the next place, it In ghti

' anyway,” said Fred, winding up his line, an‘ex-

, you get out of it? Mighty little in proportion

’tactics, an good management, I have heard pea-

 

 msionusmg ~11 (    

to 'you——in fact, you’d become famous
doubt as a benefactor of humanity.”

beyond a
.r;-‘;.£.’.':..;“:fe i.3;‘;‘:*:,s d°ct°r- so wars the use.»  

“No use.
Fred hauled in a ﬁne ﬁsh,

Hello, I’ve,g_-ot another‘ bite,” and
“It’s nearly sunset pow, so we’ll pull up —the‘w£
anchor and make for the shore,” said Hal. “We’vé ;.
caught enough to_ supply both our tables with
some to spare.” '1 ‘
“I guess we have, and I'm tired of thevspgort-‘

  
 
  
  
  
    
 
   
  

 

ample followed by Hal. _ .. 

In less than ten minutes they had ‘the anchor ;
aboard, the mamsail hoisted, and were headed‘
for the beach whence they had come. 

1

CHAPTER V—Hal’s Dangerous Feat.‘ 

Spring was now well along, and there was
plenty of work for.Hal to look after on .tli_'e
farm. He and the hired man hustled from/early’
morning till after dark. I ‘

“Farming is little better than slavery,” Hal
told Fred one evening, when the‘ latter had rid-
den _over to the Ha er farm after his supper. _
“You've got to workrlike a nigger, and what do I”

 

  
 

to the amount of energy you put into it.” ‘ 
“You’re notthe first "one who has told me
that,” repli d Fred; “but owing to your‘hustli’n"g'

 
   
 

ple say that you are getting better results out.
of this farm, considering its size, than anyother‘
farmer in the county.”" ' ~ , ~ .; ,
“I’m getting all I can out of it,” answered‘
Hal. “I've got things down to a regular system.‘
Everything runs along like clockwork. You " see I"
one reason why mother is getting better respltsff
is because our land is in better shape than most
of the other farms. I'keep it well fertilized with
seaweed, and that goes along way toward mak-
ing the crops_grov\'r quick and turn out good. I
keep_ our fences and walls in ﬁrst—class re air‘,
and-' that makes the farm look neat and ships "ape.
Several of my neighbors neglect those things,
and their property presents a slip—shod appear-
ance, as you may have noticed.” . ~ "
“Of course I've noticed it." I’ll bet if your
mother wanted. to sell the farm it would fetch
a higher price per acre than any other farming
property around here,” ' . '- " ' _
“It certainly would. It's a model farm, if I
do say so.” ’
“And-Hustling Hal has made it what it is,’.'~
laughed Fred. -. » 2
“Thanks for the compliment. I believe that 2
what’s worth,/doing at all is wbrth doing well,” ‘
replied Hal. , ‘ ~.s, 
‘‘I believe you said you‘ didn't intenditofola‘-...
low farming any longer. than 2 you couldihelp',»"w'
said Fred. \— V
“I don’t. There’s nothing in it—for me.” _
“What line of business do you think of ‘tackling :_
for your life work?" ‘ I p V '1
"I haven’t, decided ‘as yet; but it will be some:
thing that-promises to pan out good‘ money.” V
“ ll wage; you’ll make it pan out, if hustling
will do it.”_. _ '- "

   
   
   
 
  
  

  

1
.1, ‘..,

u ' , ', -. ‘)3 »\.~

 "‘Every man, they say, is the architect- of his
‘own’ fortune.” '
i“ﬁ:.‘h‘ere are a lot of mighty poor architects,
;e_n, for the ‘majority of men never make a
61‘ti1ne."
*“ t do you expect to do when you quit
, ool——enter the village bank as a clerk with
 ultimate intention of stepping into your fa-
,t_her's shoes?”
 “My ambition is to become a big lawyer.”
“A big lawyer is good, for they makg most
at the money. The woods are full, I've heard,
fof ordinary lawyers, who have to scratch for a
 Well, are you coming in to see Mary?
I'm " going to supper.”
, Durin the whole of the foregoing conversa-
tion I-Ia had been working away in the barn,
' airing a plow, and now he had ‘finished the
5%. He was not a boy to stand around and
 as long as there,was anything to do, and
one; can always ﬁnd something to do on a farm.

  was accustomed to following him around
' from place to place in order to keep up a con-

‘Viersation with him, for Hal would go right ahead
with whatever work he had in hand without‘ ref-.
,ere'nce to the presence of his friend.

; ‘_‘'Tomorrow is Saturday,” said Fred. as H_al
sat-down to the supper table. “What is on the
program? I mean. for the afternoon‘?”,

F‘I'm going over to Lake Placid on business,
Sis is coming with me, and you may come, too,
if you’re very good,” replied Hal.

3 '~“I,’1jl on,” grinned Fred.

‘He was always on where Mary Harper was
‘concerned.

.ffTh‘en get here not later than two. I'm going
ivbdrive over in the light wagon. As there isn’t
room for three — on the front seat I'll put in

‘ another foryou and sis.”

~ Fred was on hand the next day at the hour
Imentioned, and the ‘party of «three started for
Lake.Placid. This was a popular summer resort
on aismall scale. Many people of means from
the more important cities of the State owned or
rented cottages on the lake shore, and it presented
.3 very ay appearance. There were two hotels
at the ake. Hal had learned that their man-
agers were down there now, getting things into
shape. for business, and he wanted to make, a
;<_%ontract with each of them _to supply them with
, kerel when the ﬁsh got in the market. Dur-
iiig the previous summer he hal sold the mackerel
li caught to the Coveport dealer who. supplied
the hotels and cottagers. ‘ . V
The dealer had gone _out of _the business, so
Halldetermined to sell direct this year and make
an extra proﬁt, out of which he would pay a
boy to deliver the ﬁsh. The afternoon was fair]
‘ leasant when, Hal, Fred and Mary Harper, le t
the farm, in the light wagon, now provided with

—- ‘.‘|:wo seats. A couple of hours’ drive carried them

be the lake, b which time the sky had clouded
 It took Hyal about half an hour to transact
his business, and he got the two contracts he was
aﬁer. - Then he went to the village dealer who
 lied the cottagers, and made an arrangement
,  _ him. All but one of the cottages was closed
ﬂ_ tight, as the season was still more than a

” ' away. The solitary cottage that was Open
by a Portlan a_d.
‘ account ,0 _.h

- ied dbke,_hoh
mi‘ isaiiii§h,7Vd

   

   

‘"3.

 

HAL, _THE HUSTLER,’ , V *  

family, consisting of his wife, a son and a seven‘-‘V "L

teen—yeariold daughter. .

The road that Hal and his companions had .?

come by led for some- distance along the top of ’
a series of cliffs that rose straight out of the
waters of the lake. When they started‘ back by

._,

the same route it came on to rain, and so.Hal , '

reined in at one of the closed cottages built on
the top of the cliffs, and the young people took
refuge under the shelter of the piazza overlook-
ing the water. Lake Placid was far from being‘
a placid lake that afternoon.

A stilt‘ breeze that had almost the weight of. _\ 1

a small gale, roughened its surface into waves
of ‘no.»sma_ll size. Skimming along the turbulent‘
surface, like a frightened sea bird, our three’

young people noticed ‘a trim-built sloop-yacht I .‘

about twenty feet long. She was sailing in to , .,

the cliffs, and our friends ran out to the edge
of the rocks to watch her. A well-dressed boy, ’
of about sixteen years, was directing the boat’:
course, while beside him sat a

older. ,

girl somewhat. . 

“They're pretty nervy young people to goioiit‘ '

on the lake in this blow," said
three watched the boat and her occupants with ”
some curiosity. « “-

“Dear me, it
them,”

aid Mary Harper. “See how far the '

boat hee s over. I would be frightened out of my .; 1

life if I was in that young lady's place.”

“They ought to have at least two reefs taken" 

in their mainsail," said Hal. “That_youiig fellow
is taking grave chances with so much canvas
spread. Great Scott!
in the water."

A puff of wind lurched the
into the lake.

“I'll try to save her!”
friends.

yacht. The girl ,f;el\ '
Hal yelled to  »

Then he dove down from the cliff and dis--. ,y
appeared in the water. It was a dangerous feat. 

CHAPTER VI.-—I-Ial Saves the Banker's

‘ Daughter.

Hal struck the water and disappeared. . A mow’,
merit later he appeared on the agitated surface
of the lake and struck out for.the imperiled girl.
who was on the’point of sinking a second time‘.
She went under before he got within reaching-'
distance of her, but he kept on, expecting to 
her head come up at any moment. ‘ 

Fred, Mary and a boy from the village gaze -
down upon /him from the top, of the cliff. ‘Te.
two former had little fear for Hal's safety. as,
they knew he was well able to look out for liiiri;
self, even encumbered as he was with his clothes,“
for he was an expert swimmer. Their anxiety;
therefore, was centered on the fate of the girl
She seemed so ‘long in coming to the surface th
second time that. they began to fear she ha
perished. _ :' -

Fr‘;;Ji‘here she is at lfast, and Hal has her,” cried

_“Yes, yes; how thankful I am. My brother‘
will save her now,” said Mary. “See, he is head
ing for the boat, which has come about and~
shooting toward them. That boy knows how *

dl ; her‘ pretty well, or she Wu! 1i i

 

   

   

She's, over and the girl's’; ’ "

Fred, as the 

makes me nervous. to look at.‘ 

 
 
 
   
 

          
 

  

\.

HAL, ‘THE Hiisrnnii

 

‘ ‘capsized before this. It.was the unexpected ﬂaw
that careened her over that time and threw the
girl into the water.”

- As the yacht came up the boy skilfully threw

Y her up into the wind, reached over and seized

, I-I_al’s extended hand. When the boat lost head-
» wayhe grabbed the girl, with Ha1’s assistance,
. drew her into the boat. She was quite uncon-

. scious, and the lioy viewed her with» evident
anxiety. Then he helped» Hal aboard.

' “I am very grateful to you for saving my
sister,” said the young yachtsman, rasping Hal's
_ hand and shaking it. “-I never cou d have reach-
  ed‘ her in time, or been able to have got her
aboard if I had. What is your name, and do
you live in the villa e?” '

 . “My name is Hal erper, end I do not live in
fthe village. I come from a. farm near Coveport,
1 ‘about nine miles from here. You'd ‘better take

your sister into the cabin and look after her. I’ll

‘ attend to your boat, and will land you wherever

you direct me to.”
f‘Very well,” said the boy. _‘'Take the yacht
 u down to the pr_ivate wharf yonder. We live in

' that large cottage, just above it.”

_ Hal nodded and took the tiller, while the boy
I - picked up his unconscious sister and carried her
into the little cabin. As Hal headed for the

'wharf the yacht heeled far over under the heavy
‘. press of sail she was carrying. .

 - He could not leave the helm to go and take a
reef or two in it; besides, he only had a short
 to make, and under his expert guidance the

-display of canvas didn’t make much difference
' any way. As the boat approached the landing
“ stage Hal took a turn or two around the tiller
‘with a sheet so as to hold it long enough to en-
-able him to let the mainsail down with a- run.
”; ‘When the yacht shot up to the little wharf he
,_ g went forward, let down the jib and sprang ashore,

" with the forward mooring rope in his hand, and
1 quickly made it fast to an iron ring in the dock.
', Returning aboard he got the other rope and made
‘that. fast to the second ring. Then he dropped
a. couple of rope fenders‘ over the yacht’s side to
‘ prevent her bumping against the spiles and rub-
‘ bing off her paint. -He gathered the loose main-
sail into place, but made no attempt to furl it
' -properly, leaving that job for the young yachts-
;i' man to attend to later on. At that moment a.
man, who appeared to be a gardener and general
assistant-on the place, came running down to the»
Wharf.

“Hello!” he cried, noticing that Hal was, a
, Stranger. “Where is Master Marshall and Miss
» Kittie?” . .

1 ‘fIn the cabin,” replied Hal, guessing that he
referred to the young yachtsman and his sister.
_ ;:"‘Are you a friend of Master Marshall’s? Why,
» ~ yom’re alldripping. Have you been overboard?”

' “I look like it, don’t I?” smiled Hal.

. “You do,.for a. fact. Fell out of the boat, I
s’pose, somehow?”
. “No; Miss ‘Marshall fell overboard and I
jumped in from yonder cliff and saved her.
That's why she’s in the cabin with her brother.”

“Is it possible!” cried the man. “How did it
happen-?" . g . , ‘ .

“Young Marshall, as you call him,'was.carry-
 too much sail in this wind, though he ap-
ara tube a; fairly skilful boatman. A sudden

 

     
  
   
 

         

 

cottage yonder on the. top of the cliff, with, th

   

 
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
    
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
  

ﬂaw heeled the yacht far over to the leeward. and
spilled-the young lady into the lake. . She had -Ia;
narrow escape for her life.” , V  
As Hal spokethe young yachtsman poked hi
head out at the door. A .. ‘I ; I
“That you, William?” -he said. “My sister has;
been overboard. Run up to the house and tel!
maid what has happened, and to be ready toa .
tend to her, for I’m going to carry her right up!’
“Yes, sir,” replied the man respectfully, start
ing oil’ to obey orders. — .. - i
“I guess you’d better let me carry your sister
as we’re both wet. How is she now? Has'.sh
come around?” said Hal. ‘ s ..
_ “Yes, and she is very grateful to you for say
mg her life. I haven't introduced myself to 1 1:
My name is Frank Marshall. M father 3"
Portland. banker,- and in poor hea th. That 
counts for us being here so early in the year,’
as the doctor» ordered him to comehere for,-atﬂe
air. When you get_up to the house I'll lend yo
clothes to take the place of your damp ones, air
you will, of course, remain with us until your?
own apparel has been dried and pressed out.” _
. “My sister and. a chum of mine are up at that"

   

team we came here in. I must send them word .
to"go to the village inn and wait there for me,” “
said Hal. ‘ . ' g  

“Iwill send William, at_once to give them ani
directions you want to forward," replied 
Marshall. “Now, if you will _carry my sister to’
the house I shall be ever so much obliged-to you’."'..

Hal followed Frank into the cabin, which wa
ﬁtted up in an expensive way, with whitean, ,_
gold paneling, on which were numerous small ’
water color sketches. Miss Marshall was lying.
on one of the lockers, with her head propped‘ up-.
by a sofa pillow. She looked pale and weak, but V
quite interesting even in her bedraggled state, far
she was a mighty pretty blonde, with blue eyes
and a face that was perfect in every outline. 

“Here is Hal-“Harper, sister,” said her brother. 
“He’s going to carry you up to the house,sas:~I 
guess he's better able to do it than I.” . 7 *

Miss Marshall smiled feeblygind extended her"
hand to Hal. ' . _ .« ' _' g’

“I thank you for what you have done f_or_m,e,”,:
she said, in a ‘grateful tone. “I realize ,t1'l'at.I'
owe my life to you, and so does my brother. We
shall never forget the obligation you have placed, 3
us under, and our parents will be just_ as grateful‘
to you as we are.”’ ‘ 

“You are welcome, Miss Marshall. I assure‘ N
you I am very happy to have been able to do youi, ‘ _
a service.” ._ . . g 

“My brother said that you leaped to my rescue-
from the top of the cliffs. It was very daring» on
your part to,do that, and shows how brave and ~
gallant you are. I am sure very few boys would-,,
have taken such a risk ‘for another’s sake.” " ..

“Well, I saw that something had to be done,atf;
once or you would drown. Your brother had his
hands full managing the boat and could not giv,e~ ‘
you his attention soon enough to be of service tog
you- There was no way for me to .run .downL‘to
the shore, so I made the lungIe, and. don’t feel
any the worse for it,” rep ied al. ’ . ‘ 

“Well, you must -change, your wet giirmenteé
soon as you reach the house. My " other

 

 
 

 

   

        

 

   

   
  
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
 

takcryou to his room and let you have some of
-.his’~clothes..to-wear till-your own are dried,”» said
the girl. »
‘ :n “I. have arrangediall that, Kittie," said her
a brother". 2 . - ' _
L : “Well, -Miss Marshall, if you are ready I will
carry, you to the house,” said Hal.
“If you carry me on to the wharf I think‘, with
-your help and brother’s, I’l1.'be able to walkto
the house,” she replied. >
‘l ‘.‘»All right,” answered 'Hal, who then lifted her
in his arms and carried her ontorthe wharf. 3.
. , -She was’ not so weak as she had thought, and
‘tligyihad little idiﬁieulty in ggettm her to the
noun. where she was taken in _ar e by her
 ~ I-Iermother and -father werein , e-library
 had not been told anything about the accident
which had happened to her. Frank rushed Hal to
”.liie*’room, and there thewlatter wrote a. note to
~‘ Fred Ticknor, which Frank got the gardner to
R’ 7 deliverright away. ‘Then the banker's son fur-
 nished Hal with dry clothes, and took his wet
 iapparei downstairs to the laundry, where he
‘ gave orders that .they be dried and l pressed.
-. =" While Hal was dressing Frank excused himself
I ‘ and ‘hunted up his mother and father, to whom
he related the thrilling incident his sister‘ -had
. " been through. c They were surprised and very
much concerned at the story. Mrs. Marshall at
::‘w’ ' once ‘went to her daughter's room, while the
T  banker asked his sonfor all the details. _ _
“Who is’ this young man who saved Kit_tie's
life?" asked Mr. Marshall. — »
"‘His name is Hal Harper, and he lives on a
5 7; ;.1srm near Coveport, (about nine miles from here.
" .He's.a smart fellow, for heswims like a duck,
‘' and can manage a sailboat maybe better than I
 can. As 'to“his -pluck, he showed the stuff he's
‘ ‘made of by diving from the top of the cliff the
 moment Kittie went overboard.’ She must have
it ' been drowned but forhis promptuess. He's a line
~ fellaowp and we are under great obligations to
3 him,” said Frank. ’ -‘ . ”‘
. “He shall be suitably rewarded for his gallant
' ‘action. Is he in the house?” asked the banker.
~ , -“‘Yes. He's in my room changing _his- wet
1%  "clothes for dry apparel I have loaned him.” _
.,i‘fl5;’ring him here when he has dressed/him-
is?“ will, father,” replied Frank, leaving the
 om. -
 ‘mFifteen minutes later Hal was pilotedtp the
library by Frank and introduced to the banker-
'His frank, open countenance and manly appear‘
ance ma.de a favorable impressionon Mr._Mar-
shall, who saw right away that he was no com-
mon boy. The banker proceeded to thank Hal for
the. priceless service he had just rendered his
‘daughter,’and ‘assured him that the obligation
was one he never could forget. _ _ _ "
i .“I didn’t do any more than my plain duty, sir,
’ replied Hal. ' '
, V “But myson tells me that you dived from the
summit of the cliﬁs into“ the lake. That was a
ﬁery risky feat for you to undertake, _.even to save
another’s life. It shows that you are a boyof
nerve. At any rate, my daughter would probably
‘_  ..drow.i1ed_ but for. your pluck’? ¢0!1d|1ct-
ll'...x,u’re me. great
: algae

 

 

  

  
 
 

 
 

 

     

   

HAL, TI-lE_ HUSTLER_  _ ’_ _' 11 

~ for. the————" '

T i spoke in I ﬁrm tone, and the banker slew“
. it was useless for him to press the matter.
, u er. ' _ ' ‘ I s

with her hair brush

     

_. e<gentleman,' who thought. i;r.ﬂ.iijs’_.wa to

pleasure to make you s0,.me. tlally  ay the obligationﬂie"was er
in  to " ‘sau»~iite 3' ‘   I. 

 

service you have rendered my daughter," said the ‘
banker. ‘ " . 1 ~ ‘ X
“If you mean by that that you think of paying
me for what.I did, I must respectfully refuse-to 
accept anything from you. You have thanked  .
me. So has the young lady herself, as well 583. ‘
your son. That is all thatis necessaary," replied  
Hal, with some dignity in his tone and manner. 
“But, my dear young man, I should. not feel‘ i
satisﬁed unless I tendered you some recogiiition I

 

  
   
  

“-It isn't necessary, Mr. .Ma.rshall. ‘Ihave been‘ 3
thanked,’ and that is all I feel Iam entitledto,
or can accept.” i 1

 

CHAPTER VII.—The, Three Red -Lights. ..  

In a short gtime Mrs. Marshall and her daughter 
entered the room, the young lady presenting a a
decidedly improved a pearance in -a prettygown, -
and ﬁxed up, after  
been dried before the hot laundry nre. ?

Of course, the lady of the house had to thank,
Hal, too, and assure him how very grateful 
was to him. Frank soon aftertook Hal to his
room to show him his books and sporting Voumt.
and to have ‘a talk with a view to their better
acquaintance. - ' -   

The lglardener came u to report that he 
found any sister and riend on the .veranda,o£;_
the cliff cottage, wondering when he would rejoin ‘
them. and he had delivered theynote. . . " :

They said that they would drive to the village
iii!!! and remain there until Hal came to take them

ome. - * u

Hal- knew they would be perfectly contentedin?
each other’s company, so he did not bother any -.»
more about them. ’ h ' .  “

- The weather had cleared up by the time,,bu‘t.
itwas getting close on sundown, and so. Hal
told Frank that if his clo hes were in shape,“
Put 011. éven if not thoroughly dry, he would like
to get into them and make a start. ~ ' .. I

,‘ Oh. we're.not going to let you go before sup-
per, Hal,” said Frank in a friendly“ and familial
way. “Si our sister and your friend will be’we‘ll*
taken care of at the inn. -At; any rate, I ‘intend
to send William there to let them know that ‘you.
will not rejoin ‘them for at least an hour yet, and;

  
  
 

"t at they are to dine at the inn as our guests.”

I Frank would not listen to any refusal on'Ha1’§‘ " ‘
part. so our hero yielded to his wishes. which
he declared were his parents as well. .- 
The gardener was despatched on his errand, and
half an hour afterward Hal sat down to suppe
with the banker and his family. ‘ ‘
_Mr. Marshall asked Hal many questions about
himself, and his future prospects, all of which the.-
boy answered very frankly.» . .
The banker then hinted that it was in his power.»
to help Hal iii any ‘way that he thought woiydi
torhis advantage. ‘ « ‘- ‘
“As you do not intend to stick to the farm, y‘

 

. might find it to your interest to-let me make

0 ening ‘for you, in my bank at , and)’;

  

;, rescuer ,

     
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
 

I ,: ‘‘»'.l\‘h-ank«.you, Mr. Marshall; I will consider your
proposition, ;but I should not like to cut loose
.. from my rnother too abruptly, as she depends
; wholly on me to run the farm as it ought to be
‘irun. Our hired man is an old and faithful em-
loyee, it is true, and a thoroughly good farmer,
‘ut still he has his limit, and could not wrestle
with many problems that I am familiar with. and
which combine to put my mother’s farm on the
top of the heap."
” It was quite dark by the time Hal got into his
own clothes and said good-by to Banker Marshall
and his wife and ciaiiglitei", after promising to pay
A’-them a visit in the near future. .
:—1'+‘rank acccinpanieil him to the inn. where Hal
introduced him to his sister and Fred 'l‘icknoi'.
]~.Ered and Mary had had their dinner as guests
yof ‘the banker, out of compliment to Hal, and they
,were_1'eady to start for home as soon as possible.

“I can hardly say,” replied Hal. _“I’m a busy
‘chap these days, and with the coming of summer
I, shall be even busier. I’m afraid it will be a-
:couple of weeks at leastrbefore I can ﬁnd the time
tdcome out here again. In the meantime it would
give me a great deal of pleasure to have you call
, 1; ’our farm and bring your sister. Mary here
..would be glad to make her acquaintance, and I
‘feel sure the girls would like each other. Shall I
expect ‘to see you both in a few days?”

as there is nobody but the village people, whom
‘we ’do'not associate with. 'I’ll bring my sister
»‘over to your place in a few days, and I thank you
«itor. the invitation.” I I » ~

ya -you bath a. royal we coma." rep

~_ Ildiig. hands with him and then jumping up on
y the front seat. _ p '

‘ ;,‘,‘Good-by,” said‘ Frank. , p '
 The others returned the salute, and then Hal
drove off homeward. W ' ' »

"_‘lHe’s Va nice young fellow,” remarked Fred.
“Bet your life he is, and his sister is as pretty
asa picture,” replied Hal, with some enthusiasm.
‘?Is she, an youisaved her life,” said his sister.
She must look upon, you as a hero, especially
after that reckless dive you made from the cliffs
when you went‘ to her rescue. Really, brother Hal,
1' airizvery proud of you, though you did almost
izjighten me out of my_wits when you took that
, illing header. I was awfully afraid for thh
, oment that you had endangered your own life
for the fair stranger, but as soon as I saw you
mime up and strike out I knew you were able to
“pk out for yourself no matter if the water was
ugh.” ’ ’ .
 “I have dived from some high places before into
E  :o_cean, but that was- the longest dive I ever
' ’ tempted. I never would have risked it except to
‘ye a human life, but I came out of it like a
;li;ii“d’," replied Hal.
.“ other will be wondering why we have stayed
long awa'y,”R.said Mary. ,,
$111 woziit worry’ about you, for she knows
'90 ou "or you, ‘
‘~‘,Andr,I?d lbokrout for you, too,”

   
 

ydid ot seerovto.obj,ectitb ow

HAL, THE —HUsTLER_7‘ f ’i

 “Yes, I think you may; Things are dull for us,‘

;"noi_i!t*msntien it. lC6l’¥le‘f.ﬁY time usage £51‘ 3,,
. .

said, Fred,‘
king”hi=s arm, around her waist, ‘a. I_ibertY.~thoi
had  ‘ liich‘

  

from the scene o£;_hi_s crime. ' inally»
. in tea‘ ;=tiue1ge- it

  

cgiuraged Fred to let it stay‘. where -he hadpplaced. ;
1 _ .

It was nine o'clock when Hal drove up the lane’
and into the yard. I  ‘
Mary ran into the house to tell ‘her inotherf 
about Hal’s daring feat at the lake, while Fred-’-' 
remained to help Hal unharness the horse and put 
her in the stable. , , , _ ' 
Jonas had attended to all the chores, so Hal
had nothing; to do after he put the horse in hjerg
stall, watered and fed her. Fred saddled his mar '
and then started for home, well pleased with his.-
afternoon’s outing, for he had enjoyed more of ’ ‘
Mary’s society than usual.- - ’ ‘
An hour later, as Hal was preparingto tur.
in he happened to look out of his window in the
direction of the cove, and he was surprised to see].
three‘red lights displayed from the highest point’
of the nearest cliff. ‘   _
As he looked they we t throuzli various‘:,’zindl'
unexplainable motions. thirst they ’formed ~-fa’
straight line close together; then they separatedt;
then two came together with the other apart, and“ .
ﬁnally they took the shape of a triangle, with the; 
single light on top.‘ _ ’ '. 
‘. “What in thunder does all that mean?” the boy ~-
asked himself, much mystiﬁed by the singular:
movements of the lights. , " _ ;.
Even as he spoke the lights vanished, and?
though he continued to look at the spot where the ,
clilf was they did not reappear. ' _. , 
“Those lights looked like signals,” thought Hal."
“They must be signals. Yet, who would go to the
top of a bald cliff for such a purpose, and why
should he do so? The signals are evidentlyiri
tended for some one out on the ws.ter‘f——'so' 
vessel, no doubt» Well, what 01 it?» It‘: iioiiev *
my business. Why iieadi interest imyaelﬁxfn the

I ' - ~ r".=.-...:._
, ii turned IWIVJ-ﬂbm tl1d,..V1ndO_’W-...lnd—"p;I'a-
ceeded to undress. But, he couldn't get the signals,
out of his mind. Such an odd circumstance had
never occurred before as long as he could--re»
member, and he‘felt'a strong curiosity concemii,i'g'-«'
the purpose of those signals. He went to theyfin ’
dow several times and looked in the direction? of
the mouth of the cove. I  .,-, “,1, ’

He’thought perhaps the signals would be  , 
again but they were not. « l ‘ 

Those three blood-red lights bothered him more .
than he cared to admit. Finally he got into Hod. 
Hardly had he laid his head on his pillow ere7he‘”‘
started up.as if he had inadvertent y toucheda 
red-hot coal. A thought had ﬂashed through his 
brain that set his blood dancing with excitement.’ 
and that thought was—smugg1ers! , '

x

   
   
  
   

   
   
  
   
   
  
 
    

 
  

1

CHAPTER VIII.—Hal Goes in a Nocturnal‘: 
Adventure. ..  . . 

' \

In a moment Hal sprang out of bed, and began
dressing himself with feverish haste. Instead 0'
his ordinary jacket he donned his thick pea jacket.

Five minutes later he was tiptoeing his~~wa_y
down the back staircase with_ his boots in
hand. Every time the stairs creaked under,h‘is
weight, as old stairs are -apt to do, he‘ stopge
and listened, like‘some guilt wretchi esca';p«

‘ya:

   

   

ghou-

  
     

"Ciro-ssingto the door, he unbolted and unlocked
‘it, (and a moment later he stood in-‘the Silent
night air, putting on his boots. Then he crossed
xthe yard, vaulted the fence into the ﬁeld an
madegstraiglétlioﬁtthg cllillf on which he hadseen
‘thetreere ig s_as. ,
V. Twenty minutes before, whenshe had_wati.-rhed
~ the lights, the night appeared, to be quite 0 ~'.a1”'v
 now ‘he could smell the sea mist all around him.
, He couldn’t see it, for only the advance wisps
, of the fog’ had reached the shore, but while thg
- stars looked bright and cheerful over his head an
behind him, not a single star was tobe seenyogg
far up as an angleof forty-ﬁve degrees gr mthe
straight ahead or him and on the rigl y W BT13 b '
.,g''rea.t ocean lay in solemn silence, ruflled on Y‘ 3
a glﬁjalgeysrzezfhick f‘og coming in,” he muttﬁreg,
as hestrode along. ‘ _Presently the landscape er
1 -abouts. will be as thick as mud. If there s anxﬁ
thing oing on I won’t be able to _see,it. I sha
‘probab y have my’ trouble for nothing. It
. . Nevertheless, his grit urged hlin to 80 0“-
_was against his very nature '00 g1V¢ up any P"?
‘ pose’ he had formed. V‘ _ ‘ .~ _
'_ He must see it through, even if it amounted to
nothing. _
So he kept on till he reached the foot of the
 cliﬂ-‘N. He intended to mount to the top of lt,vb11t
. A ~ h‘ .
; , .s°}'€e3§§ga 83133:: wllrilite glare shooting out from
 the mouth of the cove, a_ little wayh\abovel.lth<;_
 .w§ter’s edge, and which pierced_ the t in ws. 0
 m]‘§t.hat’s another signal, or a guiding light,” he
tliought. “I must investigate its source."
 The only way to do this was to crawl out
‘ along the rocks overhanging the sea. V .
5' A hazardous journey in the darkness and .m-
‘’ ‘conning fog, but Hustler Hal never dreamed of

M I ‘  -2-. ' i .
~ - ‘ ' ' i ' ’ “ * 1 I1 .-
~~' ‘,,,'g°llg5.,’.-2%, ¥9,_l§§;§aa‘él§i:ih°sil5§“1§a3 ahimiigd
— ihherevenua s1e"hnn:_g£..*.he. overnirieiit, . .

‘ His nerves‘ thrilled" at the possibility of ac-

“‘complisliing’what others had'failed.._3t- _
 It_g-ave a, zest to hisnocturnal ad'venture..

 
  
 
   
   
  
  

 

 
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
    
  
 

baldﬂcliﬁ, a feat that could» only be accomplished
when the tide was out, as it was at-present, the

' l?) b ' ht . . - »
llgpfnﬁﬁwherliaciied a point where he could see
it plainly and make.out just what it was.

i It_ was a searchlight, planted somewhere .1113 the
cove, and its beams shot straight out in one
. “diriiction, liketlie headlight of a big locomotlve at

‘pres’, . . V .

, .Peering around a rock, Hal could see the glar-
ing white eye looking out to sea, and he dared E0
.110 furtlier, lest his ﬁgure be discovered by Some
watcher in the background. So he Waited when
The was to see what would happen» 11:01‘ he was Sure
something was on the tapi_s. At his feet the sea.
swell erldied and gurgled, hke the deep breathing‘
of some sleeping sea monster. Around him the
i ‘i a glios y aspect to the searchlight-V _  _
; esently he card the rattle of oars In then‘
rowlocks. A boat was coining’ 111 11'0"‘ the S33-
‘ She was coming straight forthe mouth of the
,o_:jove,. whichwas too narrow=to admit an)’ craft

larger than a small sloop, and that only athigir

As he worked his way around the base Of the '

-~ gclzunmy fog closed in thicker every moment; £’.'iV' V
l’.

tide-. .
A rowboat, however, could pass in and out at
any time with ease, ‘

At length the boat appeared within theicircle, '

of the light. _
It was a‘ large whale boat, manned by six‘

\ rowers, with a seventh man atgthe stern. tiller in

hand. It was heavily laden with light~colo'red
cases, each strongly bound at the ends with thin
iron bands. . ”"
As the boat shotinto the cove, Hal caught a
good view of the faces and figures of the men in’
her. The six rowers possessed but a momentary
interest for him. It was different with the man
at the helm. His face and person was familiar
to Hal as the stranger he had met on the shore

' the morning that the La Reine des Mers was;

wrecked on the beach. ,
Even as Hal looked at him, and sized him up’ as
a ﬁerce-looking Frenchman, the Searchlight" went

out, and the boy felt as if lost in the inky darlfi ,

ness. ..

“There is no use of my staying here," he said to
himself. “I must either return the way I came,
or keep on into the cove. Well, here’s for the cove.
Fred made no mistake when he asserted that the

survivor of the sloop was a smuggler. After what 
I've seen,-therg seems to be no question a._bout the’ ;
This’is my chance to ﬁnd out who,.ar'e' »

matter.
the shore accomplices of the illicit traders. and
then—well, I’m thinking somebody will be- in
trouble”. ~ — f j
Hal had often walked arou_nd- that point at low
tide in the daylight, and he had a pretty clear idea
of the route in his head. I , .
He knew that he_ would soon strike a narrow
patch» of beach that would carry him right into the
heart of the cove. .
The moment he felt the yielding sand undeijphija
boots he in w exactly where he was in npiteﬁoi
there; an srkness. « l '  ~';5
' As he aclvancedhe heard voice: in conversation,
and one ofthem, by its strong accent, was clear
the Frenchman's. At last he found himself clos“ .

uh-t
'€

to the spot where, under the dull glare of severai ‘I

lanterns, the six rowers were taking the casesiiiit‘
of the. rowboat and carrying them off somewherér
.1-Ieliwatched the disembarkation of the cargo
for a few moments, and then proceeded on,-'fo_r~~
he"was anxious to ﬁnd’ out where the cases wer
taken to. _ - .. . ”" "
With his customary nerve, he filed in behind
one_ of the men who liadsa caseon his shoulder
Up an easy but narrow pathway intha cliﬁ’ the
m_-3-I1 Went: and Hal tracked him by. the sound-;iz;£
his footsteps. ‘ 
The boy_,was careful to make as little noise a
possible himself. » ’

Up and up the man and his shadower’ went,

until the top of _the cliff was reached, then H
drew closer to him _for fear of losing him in the
mist.‘ The path led inland for a short distance 0
a level, and then sloped downward. ‘
_ The man paused several times to rest, jeac’-h
time puttin down the case and sitting on it. ' '
On one 0 these occasions he lighted his ‘pipe
and the glow that afterward came from thebof
helped‘ Hal to keep him in sight. — ‘ A

.vThe cliff ended in a field, and across this 

went like a pair‘ of wandering spooks.

 

  

‘ How Hal saw the ﬂash of lanterns ahead’, 

.‘ Jsresently the outline of a barn.
Into the doorway of the barnmarchedthe man
. » Y with his burden, and Hal had spotted the receiving
:— end of the smuggling enterprise. » '

He knew that this was Caleb Caulder’sv farm, ‘

* the one adjoining his mother’s on the east, so,
asthe men were_ aking the cases into Caulder’s
, barn, it was nat al that he should suspect_the
‘ owner as being hand—and-glove with the liquor
’ smugglers.

, , Hal, feeling safe from discovery in the fog and

*7 “darkness, watched the ‘procession of men as they
p came and went between the cove and the barn
 several times. Behind the man bearing the last

- ‘case came two others. When they came within
‘ 1 the dull radiance of the lanterns suspended on

eitherside of the barn door, Halrecognized them
fas Caleb Caulder and the French smuggler. That
  removed any lingeringdoubt the boy might have
 "entertained of Ca,ulder’s connection with this
‘ elnuggling business. , ‘ 4 ‘
‘ »‘»‘Zat ees ze last, mon bon ami,” Hal heard the
; Frenchman say. “Youhaf now one dozen and
i has half‘ cases of fine cognac’ in your barn, vich
" eesﬂvat you ’call ‘up to you to deespose of in

 usual way.” ’ >-
“I"'will see to that, Captain Glorieux, don’t you
worry,” Caulder, rubbing his hands together.
“What I have done before I can dc; again.”

* “Yais. You are‘ one smart man at ze business.
Eet was ze ver’ colt day zat you get left; Eet
make me burstwis ze laughter to sink how you
half pullze wool ovaire ze eyes of ze oliicaire of
revenue. More zeiione, two time you send heem
on chase wild goose, and zen hen he sall be out
[of ‘ze ways‘you disembarras
’ cargo ‘vich vas all ze "time in ze barn right undair
yliees nose. Monsieur Cauldaire, I take Inon cha-
r peau off to you. You are ze credit to ze trade,”
said, the French smuggler, with animation. _

; Caleb Caulder chuckled as if the compliment

pleased him, greatly.

“ ~ ‘fYou are pretty clever yourself, Captain Glo-
:rie\_1x,” he said. “You managed to land your
cargo‘ on the island in spite of the revenue
cutter.” V l ,

/.‘‘Ah, zat cuttaire. Eet ees mon bete noir. Eef

 

 

 

   
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
 

I ‘grand pleasure.
- anozzer. Zat vill make a beeg hole in my pocket.”
 «yrhat was bad, but you saved your cargo, and
that is some satisfact1on,”_ remarked Caulder.
“Yais. Zat ees somes’ing. You half now ze
las’ ofeet in dees barn. 1
ho ’ ‘, to‘ turn heem into ze money I look for.’

. ‘'0f’'cou‘rse. I’ll sell it as fast as prudence
will ermit.” . l _ - , ; .
«.“\(gr’ good. Now, Monsieur, Cauldaire, you
l1af.a leetle money for me in your strong box,

2 I sink; Ze balance on ze last cargo._ Vous com-
prenez?” ' , .

. “Oh, yes, I comprong,’ laughed Caulder. “If
you will accompany me to the house I will show
ﬁou my statement and pay you the money that is

 

7!
3 93131:: ees vat ‘I like to hear,” replied the French
§a¥It:uturned to his six men and ordered them
‘back to the boat, telling them that he would _be
ith them presently, then locking arms with

ourse’f of ze leetle‘

Icould send heem to ze bottom eet would gif,»ir.e~

He cause me ze lossof my '

‘s oop—-mon La Reine des Mers. I villhaf to get . .
l the man, sharply.

You will make hase, I‘

Caleb Caulder, the two walked‘ off toward tlig,
farmhouse, which was only a short distance away, =
though it could not be seen from the barn,‘ owing

to the fog that had, by this time, grown‘ very? _.

thick.

CHAPTER IX.——In the ‘Hands of the Enemy. 

  

_“Well, I have made a discovery for fair 
night,” thought Hal, as he watched the farmer '
and the smuggling captain disappear in thelmidst. * _,
“Who would have thought that Caleb -Caulder", _,
our neighbor was the chief accomplice of xthei. 
liquor smugg ers? .He.is really their,-agent, and;-«"_
he disposes of the wet goods that the smugglers"; T
succeed in landing. in -the ‘cove. It’s a, wonder :2
that the Government sleuths never discovered.—liis, -V 
agency in the matter. It is clearrthat they -.did«  ,
n’t. or he would have been in prison by this time. . 
I always thought that Caleb_ wasa pretty foxy  *
old man, but I never suspected,he’d take 
chances he’s doing. Well, he’Il soon be up against '
it,. for it is clearly my duty to inform th’e'.?Gov'
ernment about what I have learned to«nig'h't. ‘To
my certain knowledge .there are eigheen cases of ,
French cognac in Cau1_der’s barn at this moment, 
none of which has passed custom hou,s'e.inspec-'__,j', \
tion. There may be even more In‘ fact,'.the' 
whole of the cargo of the wreckedlsmuggler sloop 
might be in the barn, for all I know to the con- _
trary. If it is, it will be a great haul forthe .
revenue people. After it is conﬁscated and sold,
I will be entitled to one-half of the amountggit. 
fetches at auction. That ‘will pay me pretty well 
for the time I've put in to-night.” _ y ; ~ v '~

Satisﬁed that there was nothing further forﬂ 1
him to gain by remaining where he was,'and “
eage to get under cover out of the damp fog,
Hal artedfor home. ~ . ﬂ’ _ :
Instead of crossing the ﬁelds he determined to Q ._‘
proceed down Farmer Caulder’s lane and retui;n_~’*
by way of the road. Hardly had he gone a dozen‘ 
feet before ‘he came into collision withra bulky  _.
man, whose presence he hadnot detected until he’ "Q3,
was right upon him.‘ The man uttered. anlex-' ’ ’~'
clamati-on and seized Hal_by the arm. * V

“Hello! Who are you?” he asked. « p ’ V

“Who are you?” returned Hal, rathertaken ‘j,‘;3
back at the unexpected encounter. V _ -' 

“Answer my question ﬁrst, young feller,” said
“You don't belon on this »
farm, so I want to know what you’re oing'he'r'e —
at this time of the night. We don’t allow no »
trespassers on this property, consequently if you; _
can’t‘ account satisfactorily for being here I shall
lock you up andlturn you over to the village cone 
stable in the morning.” . ' ‘ . '
_ Hal didn’t care to disclose his identity foii
more than one reason, so the only thing that re---
mained for him to do was to try and give the.
man the slip. Accordingly, he turned. quickly
on his captor, struck him in the face with the flat 1 .,
of his hand, and, jerking his arm free, started 
on a run in the direction he supposed the lane lay. . .5
The fog confused him, however, and he ran to-. 
ward the farmhouse instead of the point he .
thought he was aiming for. Suddenly,\a door.-«
opened a. few feet in front of him and the light; «
that came through it revealed his ﬂying figure, to
Caleb Caulder and Captain Glorieux, who werlg
in the act of coming out. ,_

 

   
  
  

 

  

    
   
  
    
   

    
 
  
 

    
    

Taken" by surprise and unable to stop in time,
~eollided with the smuggler captain. The
renchman was staggered but not overthrown.
fl-Ievywas a heavily built man, while the boy was
Wightweight in comparison.

‘V-.~«“Sacre!” ejaculated the skipper. “Vat you
’ viiean by dees conduct, eh? You mos’ knock my
;:v _‘ . Who you s’all be, anyway?”

 . Hi, hi! Hold on to the chap,” shouted a voice
 of the fog behind. i

=7“ ‘Hal recovered from the shock he had sustained
'1'-iiid tried to dodge out of the skipper’s reach.
. aptain Glorieux, who was accustomed to deal
“l-‘with sudden emergencies, was too quick for him.
..‘sHis, iron grip closed about the boy’s arm, and
“7s‘I:l'£§I'- found himself a prisoner. At that moment
.f‘iigi'i’e man who had first nabbed the young farmer
iéame rushing up and seized our hero also.

¢_“i' ran against him outnear the barn,” he
__idf_ “and asked him to explain why he was
respassin on this place when he fetched me a

    
    

5
31-
O
‘:3
('9-

»

    
  
    
 

    
    
 
    
   
  
    

“who he is.” ~ . .
- He and the skipper pulled their risoner up
‘ athe door, and as the light from a amp in the
'tchen ﬂashed upon the boy's face Caleb Caulder,

i“Aha,!
man. _' , _
..“.Yes, I’m Hal Harper,” replied our hero, de-
rmined: to brave the matter out the best way
« amid. *-

,"‘FWha_t ibrings you here at this hour of ‘the
flight?” asked Caulder, feeling somewhat uneasy
ya-3bJti1iis'young neighbor's presence on his farm at
{a-' time when intruders were decidedly dangerous
'tO_l’l‘iS interests. g ‘

' ‘.‘I guess I've lost my way in the fog,” replied

  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
 

Df,0n'*the spur of the moment.
.“Lost your way?" said Caulder, in a doubting
139,. for it didn’t seem reasonable to him-that
{such a. clever boy as Hal was known to be could
jgetsmixed up so near his" home. “Where have
'you been?” ‘ "
* ;“I don't think it is necessary to explain Where
It." have been,” replied Hal, a bit independently.
‘.,‘1jwas trying to ﬁnd my way to the road when
,l?"i'van against your man." -
“I asked you who you were, and What you were.
oing here,” said Caulder's man. “Instead _of
answering me you slapped me in the face and cut
‘off; Why did you do that, Hal Harper? Was it
.be§ause you didn’t want me to. learn who you
were?” , .
Caleb Caulder began to feel more “uneasy than
‘ever. ».He didn't like the situation for a cent.
ve knew that Hal had the reputation of being
essinartest boy in the county, and he was afrai
hat his young neighbor's suspicious had been
Jgrotised concerning what was going on, and ‘he
 come over that night to make a quiet investi-
‘ﬁation. If his surmise was correct, and the boy
ad seen the cases of cognac landed in the cove
no then conveyed to his (Caulder’s) barn, the
situation was decidedly critical., The foxy old
, armer felt that he was, perhaps, facing exposure
 a long term of imprisonment. The very idea
such a thing gave him quite a, shock. What
do he hardly knew; but at any rate Hal must

rack_ in t e face and got away. ‘ Now let’s’see_

ith 'an~ex-clamation of- sui prise, recognized him. ”
You know heem, eh?" cried the French- —
/

:tlie.}.vhoy,. that being the only excuse hewcould think ~

.“I si k you bettaire take care vat you say lg.
ca

7 unadulterated nerve

detained until. he _had consulted with Captain

 

 

  iiAUs*i‘i.ERl  

Glorieux, who was as much interested in the” =
matter as he was himself. V ‘

The Frenchman also seemed to consider the,
boy’s presence on the farm as suspicious and"
liable to lead to complications. -

“Step inside and warm yourself, Harper,” said‘ : -;
1()3auld’er, graciously. “You must be chilled to the

one.

“Thanks for the invitation, Mr. Caulder; but
I'd prefer to go right home as it must be about 
midnight,” replied Hal, who suspected that the. 
lflarmer had some object in asking him into his . -

ouse. W

“But I'd like you to step in. I want to talk.
to you." '

“About what?” — ’

“Oh, a little matter of business concerning—- ¢
ahem! the boundary line between our farins,"f '
said Caleb Caulder, trying to frame up some _
excuse to get him in. _  .

‘fWhat’s the matter with the boundary line?" ,7 -‘

-“If. you will walk into the sitting-room I will
explain the matter as soon as I have dismissed, -‘
my visitor," meaning the Frenchman.  V

“Iguess the business will keep till to-morrow. 3 -5
I'll come over and see you at any hour you»state."

“I’d rather; talk it over now while you're here. ,1 .
It will save time." 

Hal rather distrusted the “business” that Caleb " ’ ..
wanted to see himabout. . ._ 

‘He knew that there was nothing the matte1f7,‘.i..
with the boundary line betweenhis mother's prop‘- ’ "4
erty and Caleb _Caulder’s’, therefore he didn't
take_ an)’ Stock in the farmer's remarks, and");
declined to go in and talk it over at that unseemly I {_
hour .of the night. Caleb Caulder, ﬁnding that’ 
he couldnt get Hal to enter his house, was at’. 
his wi~t—s.end.; but the Frenchman, who had? "
grown very impatient as_ the conversation pro-
ceeded, now took a hand in the roceedings. .1

You vill_be so good as to exp ain vat brought
you to dees place to-night, mon garcon,.” he said.
What business isthat of yours, monsoo? I ,_-
don t recognize your right to question my move-‘j 
meni:Ai,."answered:Hal, independently. ‘ ’ ..
a.

tai

    
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  

‘You talk zat ways to me——me, Cap-5' '
Glorieux?" cried the Frenchman angrily;

am not ze man to put ' 1; . ' 1
back talk. Comprenez?”up ms Va you sa
“You seem to be ‘interested a good deal in?
me. n_ionsoo. As I_ haven't the-honor of your
aCq11alI‘ItanC_8 YOU will excuse me if. I decline to
ha3]e;;ni;th'1ng{ to iasfr to y1<:u.;; replideéi Hal. A
»g_ r. ou a zes t ' lug"
to ze _inJury. _You will apoledegiz: til) mgr: 
lngqvitlil hfippen fﬁttyguhshall no; lll(e.’1’1
on see a a ' ' 1;
that calls for an apologyrgosglou  lilalge ll>l;?§__
alonlgi witléoutd one from me. Good—night, M1,-.
au er. en over in the morning ifyou want
3 ritzev rriaewzibout anything,” said Hal, starting
9 Y- . . ..
gr;‘I§)<§:1gsoH£asst,ai;iro‘n ami,” said tl'i‘eYFrencl1'ilYna!|€
‘ once more. ‘ ‘
g°‘«ii”:v“.‘.£.%%¥s trail-’i °" W‘ 
a s . _ crie _a in an aggressive tone. ”
“I must not go till you give me pe_rmission‘i For
g _ you _certainly- take the ..
bakery. If you think I’m going to pay any attené»
tion to your orders you ve got another 

coming."

 

   

. ~ -I he spake Hal endeavored to .‘ shake off the

'1‘.‘rénchman’s»detaining grasp. His efforts were

" unsuccessful for the smuggler-’s grip tightened
' and held him like a vise.
. “In ze house vis you,” said the skipper, giving
 him a shove“that sesnt hlim staggering airosg thle
' “threshold. You mit aire turning o au -
der’sv hired hand, "‘go to ze bote. Tell Pierre and‘
, Francois zat I vant zem. Zey vill'l’)’ring une petite
w line wis zem. Make has’e. Allez.
1 . Smithers hurried away on his mission, while
» Captain Glorieux shut the door and gave Hal ané
. ‘other shove which forced him into the center 0
 the kitchen.
‘ ‘,'/‘_‘Now, mon ami, I talk vis you. Take a share
f -f—,-seet down,” and the captain gave Hal a third
, push that landedlhim in a chair beside a table on
‘_wghich stood the amp.
§‘~ “Say, look here, I’m not going to stand this

 

 
 
  
  

in thunder do you take me_ for?”
‘ “Attend to me!” cried the smuggler sharply,
I with a threatening look in his eye. .“Now, will

 

“'Didn’t you hear me tell Mr. Caulder that I got
-  ,mixed up in the fog?” replied Hal doggedly.
“Oui. Vat you s-‘all say and vat ees ze truth
. ees two deeferent s’ings, mon ami. You came to
‘  dose place to see vat you could find out——ees eet
. not so?” ' ..
.c;Y;lghy’, wfhat should Imyvantdto ﬁnd ttlijutkoré lldqr;
_"> u ers arm at nig an in a ic og.
«asked Hal evasively. ’
" “Zat ees vat I wish to know.”
“I'll never tell you.” I
 “Non? You no ansaire, eh? Make yourse’f act
' ' o zevays you
raw de vi»/{ool

ou
1 make. une grand mistake. _ Youﬁnd out bettaire
‘one of dees days. You vill learn zat Qaptaine
'.G.I()l‘ieu;{1 sleep wis one_ey_e open all ze? time. Zat
‘\ s o ze ui vive.
. “‘If:ok hljizz, wrlliat dare you trying to get at? Do
you, expect me_ to stay‘ here all’ night and listen

to you’! This isn’t your house. What right have
‘§v.°¥‘(I>u to boss things as if you were a great mogul?
, ‘ hat have I done to you that you should Jump
on me like a carload of ‘bricks? _I want to_. go
home-. If you try to keep me a prisoner against
’-my will you'll iii1i[d”there’ll be something doing
Lthat‘ ou ont i e.

' SOIIIIG ofWHal’s- expressions were as unintelligible
tothe French skipper as his native language
was to, the boy, but he understood the general
meaning of I-lal’s outburst, and he smiled in _a

rim and wicked way. He put his hand in his

 
  
      
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
 

..=‘
(D

“You see heem, mon ami?” he said, with a sug-

«estive leer. ' _
“I see it. Do you expect to intimidate me with
9»

‘ “I“s’ink it will mak’ you speak. Now zen, you

'vi'll ansaire, eh? You vill say vat brought you
to dese place?” '

-,Sup,po_’se I won’t say, what then?”‘ . _ ”

‘~ “We“will see. I gif you one iuinute to ansaire,
id‘. the smuggler, sternly. . ‘ Eef you do not I

ill 51:3.-ke. eet for ze fact you know too much, and

men I vill’ feel‘ obliged to shoot-' you.” ' .

  " in-‘E :‘I-IUS'l'LElR,

‘ kind .of thing,’f cried the boy indignantly. “What V

 you tell vat brought you to dese place dis night?” ,

'it was useless to deny the facts as outlined

‘keep close tight. At dees minute‘ you s/all bémy

-pocket and drew out a revolver, which he cocked.‘

' former carried a small coil of light line on 

I them in French to tie Hal's hands behind hisb ' A ’

   
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
  

’Hal.looked the Frenchman squarely in~the'_e;(e.
“You mean that, do you?” he said. i. .  °
— “0ui——ya.is.” 1 .. N, ; ’
“_Caleb Caulder, do you stand for this kind.
business?” asked Hal, turning to V the,;£arme_ W ~
‘ Are you going to let this rascal murder Fme as
your house?” »,   1 , ‘ ,
“Mistaire Cauldaire has nossing to say: in
mattaire,” said the skipper. “Come, _
ees up. ‘ Vat brought. you, to dese place to-night?
“Well,” replied Hal desperately, :“.three/ red:
lights brought me here.” _ . « ‘ ‘ -
“Aha!” ‘cried the Frenchman: “Ve are—_gettiiig7-
at“zIe  at last. So you seen zem, eh?” «  ‘
1 . ' 
 zéeyi excite. your curiositee?” ‘
€37 1 o -— . - _ ~ 
“Zen you mak’ up -your mind ‘to look into
mattaire. You come ovaire, escalade ze. cliff aim!
take une leetlepeep into ze cove. Dere you see zel
light. You s’ink zat va_ree funee arid you 
to see vat ees on ze tapis. By and .by, you see
ze large boto come in ze cove wis some boxes .'
eet. You s’ink zat ees varee funee, "too. 
count one, two, t’ree, seex men take out zetb,
each and go way wis heem. Zen you feel zatfyou
would like to know where ze boxes go to, I "
walk after zem_.and you ﬁnd heem out. . Ees 
not so, mon ami?”  ‘ ._  —,
“»Yes, it’s so,” replied Hal, doggedly, ‘foi-he gain‘

3
‘S

 

the smuggler. ' . . . ,-

“Vei-’ good. Now zat you know dees sings va
you s’ink of doing, eh?” “ W H

Hal remainedsilent. ~,_ ' ‘ - .

“Eet ees not hard to guess vat a smart you
gai-con like you makes up bees mind to do. 
say to yourse’f—I haf now ze secret of ze, smug-1,
glaire. I vill put zeoﬁicaire of ze revenuenolirto?
dees s’ing. He vill mak’ ze prize of ze boxes, and
when zey are conﬁscate and sold I vill get
ze monee for giving zejnformation. rm}. nqt.

d

ze good guesser, mon ami?”‘ ‘ . 1;
Hal had to confess to himself that the French: QM?
man’s deductions were correct. ' : ' " ’
"Now since you makes ze butt-in dees beesness.
eet ees necessaire dat your bouche—mouth{—be'

 
 
  

prisonaire. Eef eet please me dere eesnossing
to prevent me feexing you dees way,” and th ., 
skipper raised, his cocked revolver signiﬁcantly. A 
“Zee you neveaire say nossing no more,‘ and:
secret of ze smugglaire ees safe.” ' .~ , 1

Captain Glorieux grinned suggestively at Kai’
and waited for him to say something. The boy-’
however, had nothing to say. ‘He realiréed that
he .was in a tight box, and he was pluck to th"
core, and did not propose to show the :white;.
feather before the Frenchman. " ‘ »

So he met the captain’s face unﬂinchingly.

“I see zat you are une ‘brave garcon,” said, the’
smuggler, after a pause. “Eet ould be a gran
pity to keel you out of ze vay, so I do s‘omes’ing.
else wis you.” 9 Y ’

As he spoke the door opened, and Pierre and
Francois entered the room with Smithers. .Tll

     
    
  
 
    
  
 

 

. .35

arm. . I .
The captain turned to his two men and directed

and‘ march» him down to the boat, where lie in '
follow himself presently. Hal didn’t understan

    
 
  
   
  

 _,_ _'_ the smuggler was saying to the two rough-
looking sailors,'but he knew it must have some
reference to himself. For the moment the French-
<m‘anfs attention "was off his prisoner, and Hal
Vdetermined to take advantage of it and try to
"make his escape. It was only the ghost of_ a
 chance, but the boy was prepared to take any risk
in‘order to get out of ms desperate predicament.
-If he could reach the open air he felt he could
easily elude his enemies in the fog; but the cap-
, tain stood between him and the kitchen door, and

nth-e two sailors also. To escape that way was
 impossible. There was another door, however,
leading resumedly into a hall or-passage, and-
‘ it was c ose to where he sat. In amoment 

‘made up his mind what he would do and he did
it as quick as a ﬂash.

‘the table with his left arm. It struck the ﬂoor
‘with a crash and the light blazed up for a mo-
- merit and then went out. -

As the Frenchman uttered a cry of surprise
and raised his revolver, Hal seized the chair and
slung it at him with all his might. It hit the
' skipper squarely on his broad chest, and sent
E «him staggering backward against the kitchen
‘ wall, his ﬁnger pressing the trigger of his weapon.
There wasuaﬂash and a loud report, and the
I momentary glare showed Hal in the act of passing
through the inner doorway into the passage be-
yond; ,.

 

CHAPTER X.—In Which Hal Traps Himself.

~ 4 “Catch him ick! Don't let him escape!”
 shouted“ Caleb aulder, fully alive to the com-
; plicatipns that he would-he involved in if Hal
: got away and forwarded the information he had-
wobtained to the revenue people. _ The burly

.Smithers’was the first to start aftenthe ﬂeeing
j boy. He was followed by Caulder ‘himself, who
 ‘was in a big funk. Captain Glorieux had re-
 ~ covered from the shock of the impact of the chair
- and was /swearing like a trooper in French. ‘
9“Strik.e ze' light?’ he cried.
' gar-con will make hees escape.”

,Pierre ﬂashed a match and looked around the
room for a candle. He saw one in a candlestick
standing on a shelf. In another/moment he had

“Quick, or zat

"lamp on the ﬂoor _and the overturned chair near
where the skipper stood. _
“Here you, Pierre and Francois.
get around to ze front of ze hops and cut heem
‘ off. Allezl” cried Captain Glorieux.
C Thetwo sailors immediately dashed out of the
, kitchen door and started for the front of the
' building. ., " . -
The fog was as thick as bean soup, and as there
was not a breath of wind stirring it hung dank
» and heavy all over the landscape. The sailors
planted themselves near the front door and waited
:forvHal to come out. He didn't come for he was
. upstairs at the back of the house at that moment.
  He had rushed up the back stairs near the kitchen
’, .door, dashed into the ﬁrst room he came to, which
 happened to be the one in which Smithers slept,
‘ ~ “and right over the kitchen. Hal’ turned the key
in the door to secure himself .against the entrance
of any of his pursuers, and then felt his way
-over to the window overlooking the yard. He

  

 

 l  ‘T   

2 -. He sprang to his feet and swept the lamp from '

' owned a farm about a mile away. He had done,
» this to get him out -of the way when he got wont
. fromwcapfain

' itlighted and its gleam revealed the wreck of the’

Bose of you

the arms of Captain Gl‘oricux, who was ‘waitgicﬁ

‘ with satisfaction when he saw Hal in the skig:

   

raised it softly and looked out. He could. see
nothing but the bank of fog, but he. could hear
Captain Glorieux ‘swearing in‘ the‘ room 
Hal judged that he wasn’t much more than ﬁfteen ~
feet from the round, and it was his intention.‘ 1
to drop out an ' try to ﬁnd his way to the road. . 

“They’ll never be able to find me in this fo "  i.
he said to himself. “Once I strike luv. g  _::~.
get home in short order.”

He got astride of the window sill. 
“This isn’t so much of a drop, but I’d like to
know whether‘ the way is clear or not. I wduldn”t«
like to fall into a barrel or a box. It would mean
the chance of a broken leg as well as capture."

There was no way by which he could tell what,’ _-
if anythin , lay underneath the window. Sud- 
denly an i ‘ 9. occurred» to him which would solve 
the problem. There was a bed in the room. He 
would tie a couple of blankets: or sheets together,
secure one end in. the room, and then slide down
his improvised rope.  , 2

“That is just the thing,” he- muttered in ‘a tons! ;
of satisfaction, and he lost no» time in ca '- ‘
it into effect. While he was thus employed
Caulder and his hired hand and ally inthe smug-
gling business were searching the house for H8}.

After looking over the first floor they were 
isﬂed that the boy had not got off through the
front door, or by way of a lower window.

 
   

   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
    
  

As Captain Glorieux was standing guard ‘
the kitchen door, Hal eouldn’t have retraoed 
steps to .any advantage, consequently they ‘raw.-6
soned that the boy must be still in the house,
somewhere upstairs. Caulder had sent his maiden _, .
sister, who kept house for him, away on a visit .
overnight to their married niece, whose husband

Glorieux that the balance of’ the
cargo of the. wrecked sloop, which was on Chili-E
ney Island, would be sent into the cove that night,
if weather conditions were favorable. ,_
After searching the“ main part of the house?
without success, lobking under the beds and into’
all the closets, Caulder proceeded to the attic
while Smithers’ suﬂdenly hethmight himself of 
own room, and thought he'd look there. ' H
The moment he /found the door locked he .
sure Hal had taken refuge in the room. ed»
shouted to Caulder that he had the bird caged
and‘ the farmer hurried‘ down from the attic. Ha
was just getting out of the window, with a couple
of knotte blankets hanging in position to "m '
Eis descen easy, when he heard Smithers at t of‘
oor. « -
R “You’re_ too late, old, _fellow,” ‘chuckled Hal
T313; the time you get in I‘ll be on my way to the...
Thus speaking he swung himself out of ‘Rh
window, slid down the blankets and landed-in:

 

for him. The burly smuggler drag ed Hal hf ‘ '.
into the kitchen and shouted to aulder. Th
farmer came in a hurry, and his eyes lighted up

per’s grasp. Pierre and Francois soon appea‘

and Captain Glorieux ordered them to tie Hal?
hands behind his back, and to leave enough of ,
line slack for one of them to hold oh L0. ‘1‘- _
two sailors seized the boy and dragged his arias”
behind’ his back. Captain Glorieux s'tood',bad§:
with his arms folded‘ across his breast and vie j

»
i
> 1

    

 
  
     

i~IA'L~; THE

with ‘satisfaction the ineffectual struggle that
Hal made against the two sailors.

.“Aha! Mon garcon! You lose your temper at
.185’, ‘eh? Now look like a shicken go to be roace for
dinfiaire. Bring him along wis you,” to the sail-
rs. “We have lose time too mooch. Bonnc nuit,
mun ami,” to Caulder. “I will see you soon again,
and in ze meanv’iles I vill take goot care of dees
‘young feylcw.”

_ ,'I-I,e marched out into the air, followed by Pierre
and~Fra.ricois dragging Hal with them, and the
party took up their line of march for the cove.

       
     
    
  
  
   

oHAP'i*ER XI.—-A Hostage 5: Fortune.
‘"1-llal felt3like, a lamb being_.led to slaughter as

cove." ‘What Captain Glorieux intended to do with

  

across to Chimney. Island and perhaps held a

  

‘four. sailors seated on a big rock near the boat,
patiently awaiting the skipper’s return.

  
  
    
 

pproached, and regarded the young prisoner with

do“ smuggler chief, giving Hal a slight push. v

er. . ' ‘ ,:
{‘9C‘astvofE and pull out,” he cried in French, and
heboat was soon shooting through the narrow

 
 

egfog. Hal was left to himself on_ one of the
ﬁacaht seats between therowers and the French
ipper. The men had a long row before them,
utgthey got down to it with a. vim, for the exer-
xigie warmed their blood and kept the chill oif.

7e boy thought the trip an, endless one in that
‘eary ‘waste of fog, which hum. clﬁse to the al-
fostf pulseless ocean like ‘a ‘wet, impalpable
lamkef. Hal noticed that Captain Glorieux con-
"lted his watch by matchlight frequently after
' ;had been some, time on the water.‘ He was
vi','e_ntly timing the rowers so asto ﬁgure out
=*3ust,where he was.

  

   

  

length the -skipper said something in ‘French to
‘E-sailors’ and they reduced the number of strokes
er°m,in-11't,e one-half. Ten minutes later four of
‘e men stopped rowing, and one of ‘them went
 0* the bows. After that the boat felt its way.
ong at a slow pace. Suddenly there was a jar
nd?7a grinding sound for a moment or two as the
at hita shallow spot and barely slid over it.
hat was hint enough that they were in the very
“‘dst‘ of theworst part of the perilous stretch
‘navi ation which they could not have passed
‘ ‘ii onfy the tide was high. The captain seemed
know his way better after that incident, which
. not repeated, and ﬁfteen minutes afterward
iboat grounded on’ the sandy -. beach of the
i and.‘ Thgman in the bows pushed her ofi",>how-
ef,‘and she continued on parallel with the shore
7 9. sl'lort,distance,' then the bowman leaped on
beach with the painter in his hand, and guid-
'er till a narrow entrance in the rocks was

    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

   

HUSTLER ,

 .jn,iwiilingly.acc'ompanied his captors across the .
ﬁeld to the base of the cliﬁ, and thence ‘to the‘

 he had ‘not the least idea, except that he be?’
liéved‘ he -was to be carried in the.whale boat.

.p;t‘i*sbner.there indeﬁnitely. They found the other-

iiirfipecl up when Captain ',Glorieux and his party,
‘some surprise. The captain ordered‘ them into the"
u ‘~ Qbw, znon ami, you vill go in ze bote, too,” said »

 stepped in last and seated himself at the’

‘rig, although its-beetling sides were lost in .

e was also steering the boat by compass. At .

 

 

 
 

reached. It was wide enough. for‘: a largeisiz
sloop, or small schooner, to enter through, and’ 
into a land-locked pool or haven, where the vessel’
could lie without being seen. from the ocean out
side. The whaleboat soon grounded on the beach»
of this pool, and the trip was at an end.  »
.“Ashore wis you, mon ami,” said Captain -
Glorieux, brusquely, to Hal, and the boy rose from‘ .
his seat and step ed out of the boat. “Zat ees
ﬁight. "Always 0 ey ordaires and zen nossing
‘appen. ~ ' ‘ ~
“I suppose you
Isl‘a§i_d?” said Hal. _ , . ,.
ais. Dees ees ze Chimne . You w‘ ‘ 
heem all right."  - ' ‘luv’ 
he‘r'g<},W 10118 ‘do you intend keeping me a prisoner‘
, “As long as eet ees necessaree." I ’ . V.
“That's rather indeﬁnite.” , , ' , j .
.' The ‘smuggler’ shrugged his shoulders, and, tak
_ing. Hal by the. elbow, led .him forward to.the’
base of the Chimney rock. Running his big, hairy.-'
hand up and down a certain s ot,'he ﬁnally iocat V
ed a,spring,.which he pressed? A section of the:
rockswung inward like adoor, and the’ca,'ptainL
andhis prisoner passed‘ into a dark passage. Leav-V
mg the door open for the convenience of his men-,§
who had the oarsand other articles to bring from“.
the boat, Captain Glorieux pushed Hal aheadlfof‘
him through the passage. After makin -two or’
three turns it ended in an undergroun cavern,—7. -.
the largest of a series ‘of several. - The room was.’
lighted _by a_kind.of_liea_dlig.h_t lamp throwing ac,
*;iertg;1g>rIigali:te~ light, which illuminated ‘every carnal»,
.. . . . ,i. ;. _ , gr
_ In the center_of the‘ room a— coalfire was burn-
ing cheerfully in a large cookstove, the chimzie
of which went straight up through the rocky-mo‘ .
Along one side of the place was a double tier, (7 .
bunks, each furnished with a 'mattress,‘a 'pillow
and a"pair ofcblankets. There were ten of them
in all.‘ Against the end wallvnear the stove was a
rudely—built* dresser supplied with .crocker§?- and '
glassware, while various pots and pans, hung from.’
pegs driven into crevices in the rocks.’ In“the”‘
center of the room was a rude table, capableof
seating a dozen persons, andon each sidelof it '
were benches long enough to accommodate three
men each. At the head of the table was a common
chair, and this, no doubt, was used by the captain’ ~
when he was on the island. There were many
other things in the room, but it is ‘unnecessary to
particularize them. , ‘ . _  —~
“Welcome, mon garcon, to ze quarters of ze
smugglai-re,” said the captain, with a wicked kind’
of grin. “You like heem, ch?” 4 . , ~' ~.
"‘I guess it doesn't make any difference whether"
I like it orlnot,” replied Hal. ’ " _ . “
“Eet ees bettaire zatyou like heem, zen you -
feel mooch more at your ease so long as eet ees‘,
necessaree zatyou stay here. Tonson,” saidthe
skipper to a man, the only occupant of the room ~
till, Captain Glorieux andvHal entered-, who sat
on a Steel, nodding before the ﬁre, “vaké yous'e’f‘,'
up. et ze move on. 
The man, who was a Canadian named Thomp-
son, seemed in no hurry to wake up. ‘ ‘
The, skipper shook him roughly, but he only.’
snored and muttered something ‘not very intel—'
ligible. », V - ’ '_-_
“Ah, yah, bete cochoi_i—big peeg. You drink
till you get ze jag on. You mak’ me seek,” cri”

         
      
      
     
     

have brought me to _Chimney.:

  
  
      
    
    
  
   
     
  

  

  
  
       
    
   
     
  
     

    
  
 

   
   
   
    
    
          
 

   

  
     
 
   
     
    
   
 

 
 

     
   
  

 ,L.

liefcaptain angrily. Then turning to Hal he ad‘-I ' 3

ded:.-f*Vat you s’ink of heei=r_i.” . _ .
 don’t think much of him,” replied the boy.
);‘He' ees .all'to ze vat you call bon—good——when

 ‘he’ ees vsobaire; but sometime he drink too much

'for?'hees' good,_ like ze ‘present moment, zen'he
‘ees of no utise whatevaire. You do not get ze Jag
on yourse —non . ”

"I: never drinl’:,” replied’ Hal.

1‘  ' n _
.««§:%.1;.eVa**e- _   . _.

‘.‘~Bon':garcon,” replied the skipper, slapping Hal
on the shoulders. “Ah, pardon me zat I keep you
tiedcwhen eet-ees not necessaree.”

Captain Glorieux took out a knife and out Hal’s
-arms=l-oose. = . — ‘ '

".‘Zat feels bettaire, eh? Go you now_ and lay

"your{s'e’f-fdown onzat bunk in ze co-rnaire. ‘Eet

ees mos’ four o'clock, and you haf not yet had
your rest. You need not hurree to tumble out in
he morning. You vill haf nossing to do but eet and
fill in‘ ze time as bes’ you can.” _ A .

» \“Have I- got to stay down here right along till

you: get ready to let me go ?”

“Non, non. ' You vill haf ze run of ze island un-

dairy“-‘ze eye of Tonson so soonas I ‘lief; but do. w
;iiot‘~s’ink zat' you can mak’ your escape. No vessel
’¢gn;come wizin a quarter of a mile of deesgplace.

Eat-“ees impossible, and you villnot swim zat

vdeestance unless you like to drown yourse’f. Zat

ould be ver’ foolish.” _ 
I  Hal made no reply- . ‘T .- p -' ,, 
. » '‘‘—Go,‘’niak’ yourse’f at -home in ze bunk. Eet is
yours-for ze present. I ta=lk..to you some ozzer‘

 

ftinie.” A

The skipper pushed H41‘ toward the bunk, and,‘
‘taking the smuggler’s action for a command; Hal
took off. his pea jacket and hisboots, andturned

At ‘thatimoment the six sailors came in and,
aftegfdepositing‘ the oars of the whale boat and
other articles in a corner, drew up at the table,

while‘ one" of their number brought out a jug of V

whisky and glasses.

“Captain Glorieux Joined them without’ cere’-Y

'mony,~'and Hal watched them until.his eyes grew
heavy and he sank into a soundsleep. ‘ _ 

i CHAPTER XII.——0n Chimney Island. I

I  did not wake7up till the forenoon was well
advanced. ' _

The ﬁrst thing he was conscious of was that _he
hada headache, and, as that was a rare complaint
with him, he set it down to the close and stuify
atmosphere of the underground cavern, to which
he was unused. _ , c

“He was accustomed to plenty of fresh air at

79,11 times, and he always kept his room Window

open, even on the coldest wii_iter’s’night.
—I-Iejraised himself on his elbow and _1o.o_ ed
ound. Eight of the bunks were occupied 37

"areedpers, and two or three of them were snoring
l . ‘

loyfhsel bunk next his own was used by C3«Pt3in
lorieux, and Hal studied his rascally counte-

‘hance some moments in the dull light 01' the half-
ﬂmrned down reﬂector lamp.

**'‘‘I' must see if I can’t get out of this place. I’m
ying for a breath of fresh air,” said Hal, getting

 

, ‘faction, he walked over to the bunk where Tho ' ‘

‘and then pushed him toward the stove. l

    

 

out of the bunk and pulling on his boots. “I won-;, _ ,
der what-time it is? It must bebroad daylight by _ 
this time.” ’ Q ’ - « , q
Walking around the cavern he found, a clock 7
suspended against one of the walls, and the hands
pointed to halfpast ten. Hal, after a glance at the ‘e 
sleepers, walked out into the passage, and fol-‘ 
lowed it till he came to the end where the dQ_or *
was‘. ' . ; »
He struck a match and‘ looked to see how he
could open it, ~
He was disappointed to ﬁnd that it worked on .
some kind of mechanical princlplé that deﬁed his‘? I
efforts to open it. ’
“I can’t get out of here till I learn how the old
thing works,” he said. “On the outside there ap- .'
pears to be a. spring, the pushing of which re-
leases it. I suppose there is a similar spring in-» 2 .
side, but blessed if, I can find it.” ~
He ave the job up and. returned to the_cav9, ,
where e found Captain Glorieux up and washin.g‘= 
his face in a-‘pail of water. i .. [= i
The skipper had noticed the absence of Ha1.2_ 
litut did notappear. to be greatly concerned over » ~
1 . - . .~ ,
“Aha, mon g-arconl” he exclaimed, with hit,
customary wicked grin, as soon as he spied thew‘?
boy. ,“You‘ haf been out for ze morning valitf 
before ze dejeuner‘—breakfas’,--"  “ ', ,
“No,” replied Hal, shortly. “I tried to get out 
but couldn’t openthe door.” _ ~ » ~ ‘ * 4‘.
“You could not open ze door?” answered the;
skipper, in a bantering tone. “Vat a pity. ~ You’ 
vill» hat to learn ze leetle secret, zen you ~-vill

,..

4

,..

 

 

.. know how to go and‘ come vhen you like.” V 

“I wish you’d let me out,\. for ‘I've got a headhwy”
ache from the heat and closeness in here.” . - p 
“You vashyour face‘ ' rst and feex your hair, ‘
zen ve vill see,”..~said the captain, standing; be-Lj
fore’ a -glassand combing out hisl-mustache and.
imperial.-' _‘ 5'
When he had completed his toilet to his satis-

    
    
    
  
  
 
  
 
  
    
  
  

son was sleeping, grabbed him by the arm a I
pulled him out with little ceremony. , ..

“Vake up, you lazee chien——dog! Eet ees time ,~«
zat you attend to ze breakfas.’ Get ze hustle on, “
or, by gar, I vill make you shump like ze monkey.
on ze hot stove.” . ‘- . ’

He shook Thompson, who acted as chief cools
and bottle washer of the place into. wakefulness,

Thompson never said a word, but went meekly.
about his duties, like a man who had no particulwr
spiri . I ;~

Hal washed up and brushed his hair. ,'

“Come, mon ami, ve vill go out and ‘base 
fresh air. You vill zen feel mooch bettaire.”  

Captain Glorieux to Hal. .,

The boy followed him with alacrity. He tried ta.
discover how the skipper opened the door, but
couldn’t quite make out,~though'he learned -in 
general way where the spring was located. V _

Hal g-ulped in the cool breeze with avidityasl
soon as they stepped into the open,air. It Was‘
magnificent spring morning. ~ 7 

The ocean around the island sparkled under thgigf Tr
;sun’s rays as though set with myriads of bril-‘ ’

iants. ’ I ’ ’ *'
I The only, sail insight was a schooner ru _ '
along inshore,‘ about four miles. away. i

1/.

  

 Hal turned his gaze toward the beach near the
, cliﬂi entrance to the cove, for that was whe;re_his
'_j,mother’s farm lay. . ' H’ ‘ "‘
_ ‘ _JAt that distance he could see little else than the
line of shore. ~
There» was no surf that morning as the sea, was
‘comparatively calm. ' ' ‘ ’
...Above his head loomed Chimney Rock,. rising
close to‘ the water’s edge. _ ’
g “You vould like to escalade zat chimney, mon
ami,” grinned Captain Glorieux,‘ “and take ze
bird’s eye look from ze top, eh?”
- “I guess there’s. no way of getting up there.”
“A smart garcon like you maybe he ﬁnd hees
~ pvay for ze fun of ze s’ing'. Eet ees ver’ danger-
eux, but vat you care for zat? Eat’ your pied—-
foot—s1eep you take ze tumble and break your
neck; but vat you care for zat? Eet ees nossing.
You vill be out of ze vay for good. Vhen you get
tire of ze island you try heem,” and the ‘skipper
grinned more wickedly than ever. '
g ,,“I am much obli ed to you for the suggestion,
and will consider it,” replied Hal, sarcastically.
‘_ T I Captain Glorieux grinned again, and then he
' led Hal to where he could look down into the pool
* for haven where the whale boat lay.
V “You nevaire know before zat dees place vas
here, non '1?’ he said.
—. “No. How could I when I neva was on the
island before?” . ' , ~
“None of ze people on ze shore know heem
eézer, eh?” i
 f‘I never heard anyone speak about it.” ~ . .
‘;:~.ffBon. Eet ees ze secret of ze smugglaire. No
one will know zen till you tell‘ zem; but zat vill
not be till I am done wis eet.” .
» “Horw long will that be?_” asked Hal, a bit
enxiously. _..,,__ ’
- ‘ The captain shrugged hisrshoulders. . t
, “-‘Eet may be soon and eet"may-,be lon time.
Eet.all de ends on how s’ings turn out wis mon
.bon- ami,‘
catch heem wis ze goods zen I will have to shake
ze beesness and make rnys’f vat you call scarce.
»I_I_i‘ zat case I let you go, _mon garcon, ozzerwise

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
   
    
   

 _“May it be soon,” said Hal, with some emphasis.
~ "The captain smiled unpleasantly at the boy's
remark but said nothing. , . _
:* They walked around the small island, Hal ex-
amining the pair of twin rocks near the chimney
with considerable interest. _ ‘

They stood half a dozen feet apart, and were
each shaped like half of an old-fashioned coﬂin.

Hal could hardly believe that they were the
work of nature, so exactly did each resemble
«the other, and also because the inner, or straight
side,“ faced each other, so that could they have
been pushed together their resemblance to a coffin
’-‘would have been complete. _
 The real signiﬁcance of this resemblance did
‘otstrike Hal ‘until later on, when it ‘proved to
e a very important matter. ' .
{.“.I.s’ink ze breakfas‘ ees ready by zis time,"
said Captain Glorieux at last. “Ve vill go and eat
heem.” . A
; »When they got back to the cavern they found
..i"stove,‘whence came an appetizing odor of fried
' ﬁsh, veal cutlets, and coffee; iw .

 .#"F'1‘on'son, how ees ze breakfas'?” bawled the
:_ ipperin a sharp tone. f T

We
»

that the prisoner did not get away, Hakvgizea’

auldaire. Eef ze oﬁicaire of ze"revenue..

,;the sailors all up and looking hungrilyitoward the -V

THE; A i

“All ready and waitin’,” answered Thompson
, _.‘FSeet yourse’f beside me," said the captain
Hal. -Then he uttered a word in French. ’ 3

A5 If Propelled by SP1‘iY1gS. every sailor mad
a rush for the table. ' r ' :-

with the smuggler chief. ‘ '1‘ 
_ “You will haf some feesh, mom garcon? Eet
right out of ze vataire. Tonson catch heem’.’?' ' 2
. Hal saw no reason why he should refuse to,‘
51%;?’ because he vgag in hardl luck.ﬁ _ -- V ;
e morning air a iven im a ne a tit
and the ﬁsh smelled goog.  6’
Captain Glorieux handedﬁhim a liberal allow
ance, then helped .himself, and a.fterwards”.tﬁ
men. The ﬁsh was succeeded by the cutlets._ 
There were only two, intended solely for th‘
captain himself. It pleased him, however,’ t
share the dish with Hal. _ . »‘ ,
“You vill haf a cotelette, mon ami?” he said‘
shoving one on I-lal’s plate. '  v
The boy did not refuse it. The sailors seeinei
to regard the captain’s treatment of‘ Hal with
interest. The left the table one by one, lighte
their pipes an strolled out of the cavern- Thomp‘-v
son furtively watched the ‘boy from the stove,”
where hestood waiting for the captaifi to leazv
the table so that he could get his own breakfast
Hal caught his eye once or twice. He had learn
from the captain that he and Thompson were ’
be the sole_ ‘occupants of the island after that
evening until the skippesreturned again. Thomp-
son would receive instructioasto keep an eye:-o
his movements, and he would be held. rpesponsibl‘

  
  
   
  
  
   

the cook and generalfactotum u‘. a v  T _.»
natured fellow and easy to get aloliig :vi:h.go,%-g‘
thought he would have no trouble in getting awa‘
from the island if he could attract the attention.’

._ of some ﬁsherman and swim out to his boat.'. It; 5

would bea long swim at the best, -and only agbo
of. Hal's skill and endurance, would chance su 5
a thing. Breakfast over H-al was‘ permitted st
get out intothe fresh air again-, this time withou
the skipper as a companion, but he did not doub
that the sailors, who were smoking on the rot:
in the sun would keep a sharp eye on him. ‘ ‘

CHAPTER XlII.—What the Thin Pocketbooijt
- Contained. ._  .

 

dling his thumbs. He always found something to’
keep his mind occupied of a Sunday at home, It ‘
was the day when he read his newspapersaajndr

"magazines,,and“ sometimes a book on some pr _1:;-.

able subject with an eye to the future. . He're».bi1~. =
the island he had absolutely nothing to do but 
time. Dinner was served up at_.five o'clock," an
Hal had a good appetite for it. So had thecap-.»
tain and the sailors. .As soon as it began to gm 
dark Captain Glorieux and the six sailors began
to make preparations to depart. They intended!
to cross over to the cove, leave the whale boat‘. . .
charge of .‘Caleb Caulder, go on -to. the  .
.Solon and take a Washington .County.Railrcga£'ﬁ» »

train for Calais, on the St. Croix.River, whx

  

 \

 HUSTLER ' ‘  1 I 

    
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
 

  
  
   
   
  
  
   
      

 the Canadian boundary line oiithe prov- “He’d shoot me when he got.out.’,’

 eceof New ‘Brunswick. The captain then in- “That wouldn’t be f_or years, and long before}: ~.
mended to secure a new_ sloop and try’ his’ luck that you could be earningan honest living where’
with another cargo of liquor, for theitrade was he never would be able to spot you.” «

pfoﬁtable as long as it was not interfered with “It ain't no use talkin’. I couldn't help you if,
by, the authorities. At last darkness descended Iwanted to. We haven’t got a boat and n-o row—'
Ion the seascape and everything was ready for boat: eve}; contrie over héere. Any kind of larger;
 men ami” (good-by, my friend), g¥athec?§an§lfaiIi1da;eily Iiﬁnsciamgugllatfezrs tghznntllliz/\I
said-Captain-Glorieux, stepping into the boat. tide is high. It ain’t no use thinkin’ of gettin”
’f%You will make yourself at home till I return. ,away.’_’ _ ,
oi_iswi1‘1_ﬁ_ii'd: Tonson a good fellow, but remem- “The captain has come to the island in a big;
_ a' e he willsleep viz une eye open?’ ~ , _ sloop loaded with cargo. How does he do it?”.  I
IT1i{tie,.smugg1e§tiavored Ilcllayl Wcllth tonehI of _ hiifs h I-Ieuknows a channel that runs through the
’ grins an en gave e or er 0 s ove o . s oa s. . I V
el vent to the rocks ‘above the pool and sat “So I thought. The entrance to it lies to the
egfor some time, thinking‘ of his home, and east and north, doesn’t_ it?” ' .
L endering what were the. feelings of his mother “What makes you think so?”_ 
and sister _o‘I"=r his mysterious absence. ' Thomson .“I was out ﬁshing with a friend the other day:
M t a short eistance away, smoking and rurninat- on the edge of the shoals, and I saw the captain,
iiig iiver  hard 10% of a m:iin—of—aI1%-\r}arlorl1{{ int the . anﬁ) ai1i:oth%ii1inaii, Séliclll ﬁwgy Afrolm tlietislatiild  ,1’:
mp oy 0 a gang 0» smugg ers. . e ep an ca Ioa . ey cou n ave one i wi ou a
1 e on the boy it wasn’t apparent. Above them , perfect knowledge of a clear channel. I noted
an the stars lpoked down with uncommon _l_Jri ht- the direction they sailed, but that wouldn’t enable» .
I ess, :while the li ht ocean breeze swept t eir me or anybody else to ﬁnd it, for I have no doubt
ties. Fm_al1y._ Ha _-201? up _9-lid Warlkeduover to one must go by certain landmarks on the island-I_—-,~;I
srcoxflpanion in exile. . » _ , the Chimney, for instance, and possibly the twin
“Youfve ggotyorders to watch me while Captain rocks near it. ,The ﬁve old ‘inaids——those rocks
lorieux is away, I sii ose?” ‘he said_.I _ _ out yonder,” and Hal waved his arm in the dark-
-alp 1.eckop,{’ replied if _cmpson, taking his pipe‘ ness—~“probab1y cut some ﬁgure in the matter, ‘
from his mouth and blowin out a cloud of sinoke. for I noticed he pased among‘ them.’.’~ ‘' I  
‘What’s the use Of‘ Wat“ mg me? I Ca'n:t get “.»You’re purty smart, I guess. Say, why did ~
1(L{a.,', asthe case stai_ids.”, . ” . I the skipper bring you ‘here? Did you ﬁnd out,»
DIHWS rishté t}{?‘}}th°l:";1aTI1II-1 ,ck]y . ‘ I , soii;ett;iin' about thelaiidin’ of theni cases last‘
ﬂoouwan o. ase aqui ,. “. mg . . _ _ _ 
Wish -I could,”_ was the reply. . “I did. I foundI out all about them.’ Then, I
A‘.‘.'1‘,ired. of your Job he,1‘e.eh—-’’ . was caught and made a prisonerof and after‘,
ﬂgduniio. Iziire been .1111} iguss placcisi” ét ,” wafrd brctiught here’to prevent me from giving the"
I t you sai you W15 9 YOU 6011 _8' 3W3_Y- in orma ion away. V . » ‘I If
y S: II do——for a while at any_ratea ,The1‘e é}}n’t "“So I thought. It was a bad time for you;
otlﬁn’. doin’ here when the skipper is away» b, You're lucky that the skipper didn’t shoot you‘
 e on 11:38!-In here e*ver‘c:f.inc3,th1t%r-EF1I111g”E11T1E (12: ‘cos: yﬂu ogrerboatrd on thﬁ way ﬁver. He must
_ I as een in opera 1011» ave 00 a ancyoyou. esa angerous m'an.._
‘ reckon I have.”- ’ I'm afraid of him.” I « "*
.‘HOW long is that?” .- I - Thompson smoked on for a while reﬂectively
"some months.” I till his pipe went out, and then he suggested tha
It-‘>‘How many cargoes of liquor have been. run?” ' they go to bed; Hal had no objectionto going to
"‘I—IIalf a dozen I guess.” I I lied, although the hour was early, and so they.‘
“When do Iyou expect the Frenchman ba,ck?’-’ ‘ walked down the rocks and passed into the pass
I Dunno; e comes when he gets readY- sage, the door closing after them’. As*it clanged
“He's bound to be caught some day, and then to and-shut them in the thought suddenly “striick,
I bunch of yoiiwill go to theI.penitentia1'y- I the boy that if Thompson should happen todrop,
reckon; repllﬁd» Th°mPS°ni b10W1Il8‘_‘ IYIOTG dtead befOI'et:l’1l'l(ﬁln1n§ he lllfllght be buigedkalive, a
II smo e. i T — i were, uni e renc man came ac . 
:‘3I?l:n,I don’t see what you expect to gain by :Of course, such _a thing wasn’t likelyto hap
ti~ckin.g_.t0 the Businessy ’ .5 . g I « Jgpen, nevertheless, thevidea was not a pleasan
“§-ain’t‘doing no smugglin’. I’m only the cook.” one. » Th0mPS0n I.t“TT}ed “P the lamp; more. pfo ,
J gm‘, are helping the; smugglers and ,w_i11 he Hal's 'k.]e1’leﬁ,}:1_‘thaIlkhlS own‘; and then proceeded;
mshed as an accompllcey’ , to get into is bun -. Hal didn t feel particularly —
3“: Idon’t amount to nothin’. I've got/to do as V: sleepy. and seeing a week:o1d Canadian news-
ﬂfskipper Saysn - _ ‘ ” papei-, sat at the table and began to ’read, 
r“ hat won’t excuse you in a court of Justice. Turn the lainp down, when you re ready’:-tr

 

 
  
  
     
  

    
   
 
  

  
     
       
    
       
     
   
     

   
 

       

   
    
 

      
      
   

   

     
       
     
 

 
 
   
  

    
    
    
      
  

    

  

   

  
    
 
  

  
    
      
     
  

«ti 1 ettin’.at'z”- turn in,” said,Thompson.. I ~ - V
gglgtiraigegsegxavﬁay from here‘and‘I’ll see that ,Hal said he, would, and ten minutes la  -.
» gwonvt get sent to» yrison with the skipper and Thompson was fast. asleep. The boy read foéﬁ;
restof the. aiig.’ , I I half an hour,,,then, threw .the paper downja V
‘“ ‘wouldn’t are. The skipper would. shoot *prepared to go» t0]..bed.~._«HapIpeI_11ng to ,put,,
I I ; ~ 2 , _ «?  V handd-inbthet piilckeigof pea iaﬁkfﬁ his 
I . ldhe if on tawa with me. Once close .9. out e- in own poc e loo  ,e a
gZ,’,:,‘;.§;‘; gﬁicgrsy tgtheir hands on .LCaptsi,n* picked up onIthe,shore,a?Ethe spot where aptﬁitr”
 II ‘I am‘? and ‘ Idn’tI ‘I r .. ‘I I W04 ta"-1.1  I

   
   
     
  

    

   

  

. a

        
 
   

      
     
 

   
   

     

   

T ., 22 HAL, THE
' the revenue c'utter’s party. He ulled it out ut-
,- tered a slight exclamation on beho ding the article,
'  which he had until that moment forgotten all

 

abouts, -

i “This undoubtedly belongs to the Frenchman,”
, t he thought. “I’ll take the liberty of looking into.

n it-, but from thefeel and looks I guess there isn’t
-. much, if anything, in it.” ‘ i
 Removivngthe wide rubber band he opened the
‘fwallet. There wa-snothing in it but a soiled
— ‘piece of paper, folded across. He ‘opened and
H ‘spread it out on the table, for he saw that it con-
;tained a few line of writing. The writing was
4 in English and therefore not likely to have been

, the product of Captain Glorieux. ‘ Hal uttered

_ an exclamation as his eyes mastered the ‘first
' ' words. This is what he read:

  

How to'Reach Chimney Island at ‘Any Stage
 - of the Tide. ‘
' When C bears WSW ab. 1-2 in keep 3 on p, 2
 5 till Twins form coﬁin. Luff and get 1‘on
, 3 on s,:1 da. ’When 1 on p, bears SE tack
 "ringing 2 on p, 2 on s, with center 1' ab, two p
on" p bow till in line with C. Haul w till C ‘bears
“ SW" with 2 on p, 3 on s. Short tack to NW till
. C bears SSW. Short tack to S bringing Con sb.
Tack bringing C da. Then all clear. ‘ ‘.1.

Then followed similar directions “To get out.”
, “By George!" -exclaimed Hal, “if this isn't the
Sailing directions for the channel that no one ‘in
this neighborhood knows anything about. I guess
"Pm sailor enough to be able to study this thing
‘out, and once I get the hang of it I'll be able to
sail in and out through the channel as well as
Captain Glorieux himself.”
, Thus speaking, Hal got

  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   

down to business.

‘ .j..._

“CHAPTER XIV.-—*The Important Packet.

 Although the directions seemed something of a
puzzle on.their-Wface, Hal felt satisﬁed that he
. would soon be able to master them. '
 “When C bears WSW ab. 1-2 in. That's easy

-to begin with," he breathed. “C undoubtedly
‘means the Chimney, and when it bears west south-
west about half a mile keep three on p—three
what? Two on s till Twins form coffin. P must

  

of the boat brings the two rocks together so that
they look like a single rock in the form of a coffin.
The puzzle is, what did the writer mean by keep
-three on port and two on starboard?”

Hal pondered over the enigma for a good ten
inutes, and then gave an exclamation of satis-
action. . '

"I have it. He meant the ﬁve old maids that
lie to the north and- east of. the island. You must
keep three of them on the port side, and two on
the starboard till the twin rocks come together.
Luff and get one of the old maids o,n.port,_,three
on starboard and one da_. What does that mean?
= , dead ahead, of course. ' Say, this is easy.

   
 

 

- ‘V aye it all outin a..in_inute or twol’ .
 worked, 52: .iiitI_iistriously for ﬁve or six
 the allowmgﬁgas he ﬁna1an'd“sat—
, Q9 L H . . .

l

. - ,- . V «'

HUSTLER - H

 

‘ “When the Chimney bears west southwestnbout 

~ half a mile away, keep three old‘ maid rocks"-’i)n"“

port side and two‘ on starboard till the Twin’?
rocks on the island form a coﬂin; Then lu-fl’. and '
get one old maid on port, three on starboard, and _
one dead ahead. When one old maid on port bears. ‘
southeast tack, bringing two old maids on» port},
two on starboard, with center .one of ‘the--‘iiveﬁ
about two points on the 'portibow'till iniline-«with.§
Chimney. Haul wind ti11‘Chiinney bears "si‘7iil;hi-'
west with two old maids on port and ‘three on
starboard. Make short tack to‘ northwest ’ti_l1_j
Chimney bears south southwest. Anoth'er"-‘shod:
tack to south,‘ bringing Chimney on starboard 1‘-
bow. Tack, bringing Chimney dead ahead. then“.
all clear sailing to island.”~ " w '1 ‘ "
_ Having mastered the way to follow the -channel,
in, he easilyﬁgured out the direction to follow-
the channel. from the island to the open"w’ater"
beyond the shoals. ~ V " 
He put the writing carefully away in his inner 
vest pocket, turned into bed and was soon asleep. /
A week_ passed rather drearily away tp Hal‘, and ,
Sunday came around again without the sligh 1;’
chance haying presented itself for him to in e.‘
his escape. Late in the afternoon a sail was seen
approaching the island from the eastward. ‘Hal
and Thompson wereseated at the base ot'V,thc"
Chimney at the time. They watched the sail wi‘bh..5-
interest, for it struck them it might be the{
Frenchman back with anew sloop and ,anotl_ieij¥ {

 

  
   

  

cargo. V _ , ‘
Hal and Thompson were seated at the baserof 
the Chimney at the time. x. ' s ‘ ‘-

“It’s the skipper,” said Thompson, and Hal’ 1
agreed with him. The slpop threaded the , '
gers of the shoals without accident and ﬁn‘ ly‘,
came to anchor in the pool. Captain Gloi-i,eux_ .—
and a dapper little man in black with red.hali:-“F
and a foxy face, came ashore. The skipper‘-.to'ok'
his companion into the .underground vern.v_,

Thompson took advantage of the factﬁo 
aboard the sloop to see ‘his friends the sailors,‘ :1
The sun sank and darkness came on. Hal was
standing in the shadow of one of the Twin 
when the Frenchman and the dapper? individual’ 
came out on the rocks and walkedup to the, base ‘
of the Chimney, where they stopped within’_,ea.'r- 
shot of our hero. . I , 1 

“Dees ees ze place ve vill put heem. Zeirev
ees une petit (small) hole in ze rock where he ;-vill 
be safe as in ze Bank of France. No. one’ vill, '
evaire suspect zat ze papaire vich eesof so mun '
eeinportance to ze Department of State ofize
Etats Unis, and vich youhaf stole from ze trunk ,
of ze secretary of ze commission, s’al be hid i
dees hole. When ze time ees ripe, an ze rewar
visout questions ees certain, ve vill come here an

  

 

  
   
 

    
  
     
  

   
 
     
  
   

   
   
  
  
  

sail for La Belle France, where I vill leeve lik
ze king so long as possible," said Captain’ Glori- I
eux. T . _

' “Very good, Etienne," replied the red-he_a
man. “Put the treaty in there and coverthe la,
with a stone. It wil be muchsafer for us th ‘I1
if it were in any bank. The secret service of '

   
    

    
 

  
 

American Governmenthas well as. the» 4

    

 
   
 

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 

 

off the coast of Maine,” and the little man rubbed
his hands with satisfaction.

kipper. “Zere, go een vis you, mon oie (goose)
hatch aem out vhiles ve vait. How moo-sh’ you
.-slink ze reward vill be, mon ami?”

~_ -“Fifty thousand dollars, at least-—maybe dou-
ﬁble that.” ‘
’“Fee_fty t’ousand dollairel Helas! Ve s’all be
at you call yell feexed.” - p

I . ”f‘I‘ should say so. Now let us get aboard again
before any of your men get curious about our
oizements up here.” .

‘Zere ees nossing to fear from zem. I haf zem
, ken to ze harness.” ,
, ,‘‘We will return to St. John in the morning,
Etienne.” '
,,.“Yais;»as soon as’ze daylight will give me ze
-[bearings of ze channel." ‘ '
V. ’ Captain, Glorieux and the little man then
alked away, leaving Hal very much astonished

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  

__a‘t~what he had overheard. ‘_ _

“Gracious!” ejaculated the boy. “So thatlittle
redjheaded man has stolen a paper-———a treaty, he‘
“called itr—from the trunk of the secretary of some
I  -commission. This paper, it seems, is of consider-
‘able import'ance_to our State Department, and the
‘Frenchman and the red-headed chap expect "to
Set’ at least $50,000 for. returning it. That’s a
more proﬁtable, game than the smuggling business
-—‘provided they can put it ‘through. I think it’s
inylduty to head them oif, if I can, and restore
that document to the secretary of the commission,
or to the State Department. It is hidden in a
small hole in the base of the Chimney. , I must
= see if I can ﬁnd the hole now that I’ve got its
“gen gral location in my mind, even though it is
~dar‘k.”» ‘ ' ‘

‘ ‘._ vS0*Hal went to the spot where Captain Glorieux

 

 

and ‘began looking for the hole by matchlight, the
;g'lare«of which he partially shaded with his hat.

« He found a number of holes, but there ‘was
notliing in them, and he was about to give up
fthe job for the time being when his hand acci-

 
  
   
    
  
  
    
 
  

 

‘ narrow shelf,
‘there. .
"Asthe stonevrolled away thehght of the ex—
piring match in Hal's ﬁngers showed him a hole
, unning diagonallﬁr into Chimney Rock. He put
51133‘ hand into the hole and "felt a thin packet
that -was secured by a piece of tape and a seal.
~ He pulled it out'"in a twinkling. The acket was
‘one up in oiled paper in a very care ul manner
9.Ctha't.if it fell, into water its contents would
_-notﬂbeswetted. Hal put the precious acket into
n inner pocket of his pea jacket, an was turn-
ng away pfromthe Chimney when a heavy Hand
was suddenly laid on his shoulder, and a ﬁerce
Qvoice hissed in his ear:
jy ,“Aha,”1non garcon! I haf caught you, haf I?
:'Y_ou haf made ze discovery of ze packet, and you
jtr‘y’to play ze thiefs. You s’all be anungrateful
' ung rascal. But I feex you, by gar! Dees time
¥qke“el you. I gif you one, two -minute to say ze
ittle pra er, and zen you take ze treep to ze
«uzzer«'world.” ' .' ‘ I " _ -
he spoke the. French smuggler drew his
oh/er,‘rocked it and aimed.-wit; at vHa1’s~temple.

and which looked as if it had fallen

13‘

   

‘ V“Nevair-—nevair in rze world,” ‘exclaimed the.

sat will lay ze golden oeufs _(eggs)—-—go een and .

{and the little red’-headed man’ had stood talking‘

entally. dislodged arwhite stone that lay upon all

nAL, Fran HUSTLER

I had evidently been wide-awake that evening, had; i»

)-

overlooking the water. —

  
 
  
 
    
  
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
    
 
  
   

CHAPTER XV.~—-The Feat That Made Haj
’ - Famous. V  

Hal was staggered by the unexpected appear’-'
ance of Captain Glorieux. The smuggler, chief

seen the slight ﬂashes of matchlight made by Hal
along the base of the Chimney, and sus ecting
something was wrong, had gone in a stealt y way
to investigate the matter. - - « "
k The result was he had caught his prisoner in‘
the~act of removing the important State docu-
ment from its hiding place. Hal had no‘ wish to
be put out of the way in a sudden and violent
manner, and his desperation added strength to his
arm when he turned quickly upon the skipper
pushed the revolver aside, and, tearing himself
from the smuggler’s grasp, dashed away into the
darkness. The captain ﬁred his weapon. after him:
but the bulletxwent wild. Then he gave chase,‘
with many imprecations. The shot aroused the
attention of the men aboard the sloop, and they
rushed to the vessel’s side to see what was the
trouble. I _ "
They heard Captain Glorieux shouting and
swearing at a great rate, and seemingly running
after someone. A second and third pistol shot’
excited them further. They tumbled intothe boat
alongside thesloop and hurried ashore. 'As"they‘
rushed to the top of the rocks where the eircite-"
ment was going on, several of them announced
their presence by shouting to -the skipper in
French. Captain Glorieux, who had been unable‘
to ﬁnd any trace of Hal, joined them and ordered’
them to get lanterns and search for the boy  ‘
he said, had stolen something of value belonging:
to him. J .  _ p
The men lost no time in getting lanterns frém
the cavern, and,vunder the skipper’s leadershi ,
these were soon twinking all over the small islang.’
Hal, in the meanwhile had hidden himself he-
hind a large rock at the base of the Chimney,

8
ts‘

‘‘He’s got the whole crew searching for me’.
now with lanterns,” breathed Hal, when he sawf;
the ﬂashing lights dancing about here and there,
and heard the ejaculations of the smugglersnas
they ﬂitted from spot to spot on the little island,
each moment drawing closer and closer to the
Chinéney, where the boy had made. his final-
stan . , ‘ ~ . c‘

Atlength Captain Glorieux, impatient atjthe
non-discovery of the boy, suddenly bethou it
himself of the rock at the base of the Chimney

hind which I-Ial was crouching. He .shouted.,to~

    

his men to close in around the base of the Chim

nev. ‘ - ' ‘ ~  .
. Hal heard the captain’s words and saw thathis ».
enemies were closing in all around him. He was '2
tramied, indeed, and his fate seemed sealed." V 

“He'll not have the satisfaction of shooting me, ~

Hal gritted between his teeth. “I'll take my
chance _in the water, for that is my only ave"
of escape now, and it’s a mighty slim one.’.’, . _

- At that moment Captain Glorieux flashed.
lantern around the rock and caught sight of 
in the gloom. , ' c e 

. “So, zere you are, mon garcon,” he said, wi
short, malicious laugh. “You t’ought you lwouiﬁ‘
mak’ of your_se’f' scarce; eh?  Hand» ovaire.
packeet or I shoot you like ,ze='-dog.'.’l- : l

  
  

24
y . ‘f_I’l1 hand over nothing. Come here and get it
 i if you want it,” cried Hal, desperately.

~“By gar! You are une brave garcon.
. ﬁbien dommage-—eet ees a great peety zat I mus’
, keel you, but zere ees no ozzer vays to deal vis

 

i . se’f acquainted with all ze secrets of man business.
A Now, zen, say ze prayer. You haf une minute
to Ieeve. '
_ The captain raised his revolver as he spoke.
Hal did not wait for him to take aim, but dived
“head-foremost into the sea. Captain Glorieux
. ﬁred at his vanishing ﬁgure, and then shouted
excitedly to his men to get a boat and chase the
 This, ‘in the darkness, was like hunting for
a." needle in a hayrick. When Hal came to the
surface he struck out for the shore, ﬁve miles
, away. With strong and steady strokes he cut
'  hisway through the water, and had got nearly
3 mile from the island before he felt really tired.
‘Then he turned ‘over on his back and ﬂoated

 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 

T tnewed the struggle in the dark waters. So, al-
ternately swimming and ﬂoating, he stuck pluck-
» lly to his forlorn task until he had actually cov-

, ere:-1‘four miles of the way.

. ~ Another mile yet remained, and he was almost.
‘ exhausted. But he wouldn't give up until every
ounce of his strength had given out.
. ' So he kept on and covered another half mile.
»'Suddenly he heard the throbbing of a steamer’s
’ ‘tie in the distance. He saw the shining bright
' 1: from a small oncoming craft, lying low in
the water, close to him. He raised himself in
the water and shouted “Help! ‘Help?’

= It was a clear, still night, and his voice reached
the lookout on the steamer’s bows. Word was
' Eluéckly passed aft that there was somebody in‘

'i.oat‘l.“.‘.i*§r§3i°Se by‘ aT3°-f“’a‘§°i’ "”.f‘°“-l°ifd£i“
v away, 11 i wa owere \V1 e
,precision and quickness of a man-of-war, while
*9. searchlight was turned upon the surface of the
‘sea. in the direction whence came the cry for help.
‘Hal's head_was made out as he feebly beat the
water in his last efforts to kee himself, aﬂoat,
[,an_d the boat dashed up alongsi e of him. As a
sailor reached over and grabbed him by the col-
Nlar the boy gave a gasp and fainted dead away.
‘,1-Xe was taken into the boat and was soon on the
deck of the revenue cutter Enterprise. When he
came to his senses he found_himse1f in a bunk
" strippedand the surgeon ministering to him. .In
a short time he was strong enough to tell his story.
.When he learned that he was aboard a revenue
.cut:ter he asked to see the commander, and that
, oﬂicer made his appearance. To him Hal related
<1ris'story of all he had gone through since the
.  heteyrvxas tcaptured in faéleb Céiulderis hoiitslie.
V g e ieu an was astonis e , par icu ar y at e
,bo‘y?s great feat of swimming four miles and a
{half from the island, not only in the eﬂiort to
-escape. the smugglers, but to restore the impor-
tant packet, with whose loss the officer was fa-
" miliar. The revenue cutter put into Coveport at
once and the officer telegraphed the facts to
Washington. Hal left the packet in his care and

neived him with great joy. Next morning every
gper’ of note in the country printed the news of
e _e recovery of the stolen ﬁsheries treaty between
' United States and the Dominion of Canada,‘

   

C’est 4

such a slippery feylow as you who makes him- =

A e “a hile to rest his arms. After a while he re- ‘

hurried home ‘to his mother and -sister, who re-'

.«i-  .- , . i amt.

HAL, THE HUSTLER ‘ A 0 A  _. l- V 

1

 

and Hal Harper's name became known from one 
end of the country to the other. Everybody read -
that he had rescued the important document from
the French smuggler and his companion, the thief,
and the feat of swimming a distance of nearly _, "
ﬁve miles to turnit over to the Government made, a
Hal famous in a day.  _- ._
At _dayl_ight next morning, Hal, by means of-. _
the d1I'eCt10nS.he had_ on the paper, guided the“
revenue cutter close in to Chimney Island, and ,
Captain Glorieux, his new sloop, and all hands, , 
were captured. At the same time another party "
invaded the Caulder farm and discovered some of . ‘ .2
the cases of smuggled cognac still inhis barn;
That was enough to settle Caulder’s goose, and .
he and Captain Glorieux, with his men, were in ' 
due time, sent to the penitentiary in a bunch‘. , ”
Hal received a reward‘ of $25,000 for his ser-13'"
vices in restoring the stolen packet. but ‘the repu-«‘ " ‘
tation he had acquired thereby pleased him better, "
than the money.  ’ t r
To—day Hal is an important member of ,.the 
community, and the husband, by the way, of Kit-
tie Marshall, the banker’s daughter, but though‘
happy and prosperous through his hustling abili-pg '
E188, he never can forget the feat that made him 
amous.

  
  

Read .“A MAD BROKER’S SCHEME; on, 6
THE CORNER_ -THAT COULDN'T BE A.
WORKED." . i

PANAMA CANAL ‘SETS RECORD WITH 5,475
TRANSITS IN YEAR - : .1
The Panama Canal established a new high rec. - f
ord for commercial transits during the ﬁscal year i A
Just ended. The waterway was used by 5,475 ves-m ”
sels. The previous record was established during’
the calendar year of 1926, when the transits to-V “'
talled 5,420. . I
Total tolls collected for the ﬁscal year amounted 
to $24,228,830, falling short of the. record tolls: 
collection in 1924 of $24,290,963. Since the open— .
ing_of the canal in August, 1914, to the close of =7’
business on June 30, 1927, a total of 40,377 com-, ’
meicﬁil ships passed through, paying $166,363,228 , ’
in 0 s. ' A

TOBACCQ on snumr §_{6Ql;f‘?Y OURED on? M,

New. safe guaranteed treatment for ovei-comin an?‘ ~
craving for igarettes, Pipes, Cigars, Chewing or nail.‘
Full treatment sent on trial. It satisfactory pay $1.45 og, ,, «
delivery. If it failswe gladly REFUND MONEY. Write‘.
today. VVINEHOLT 00.. Box T-7. WOODBINE, 1>A,,. ;

B6 A Detective 

Make Secret Investigations
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.

A

  
 
 

v F_asc-inating _work. Excellent 0 oi-tuo
nity. Expo:-ien_ce unnecessary. ertiu . .
ulars free. rite: . ‘ \;-,-,_ ,

GEORGE R. ‘WAGNER
Detective Training Departmutl —~
i  i  2190ABroad\vay.N_e York

.s..

 ; ,iI'he,+WaH Street Hoodoo, .

‘ ’ I The Boy the Brokers Feared

, /

 

By Gaston Game

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER X——’ (Continued)

   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 

_ I ‘ th . ,
"‘}?'¢1))1‘-wI*;'vl¢:;’bI<]an<:)n ivevrearing the same suit I worked. in
; six days in‘ the week.”

' “Yes, I know that, but I guess you have not got
i an" money left now.” , ,

/ .‘Don’t worry about that, mother. Im having
good luck downtown—doing better_ than evir be;
fore in my life. I have been growing‘. 3701}, MW:
'3 and I want to dress up nicely on Sundays. _t f
‘She took an apple and proceeded to eat 1 , or

‘t was very seldom she had a chance to indulge
‘ ‘ ' h.l ies. .
,1n§::'WalI1()l{,uher husband, had not been doing so
, well’ of late, and he was in an ugly humor in con-
' sequence. He had been drinking for the past weal‘;
. or two, which Bob was aware of himself, but ha
not-seen. him drunk, or heard of his bein so.

 ?"‘§‘1’.‘Z’” told the children‘ to go 1¥acI_< into the

‘kitchen of the ﬂat and eattheir ruit, and she
would hide the rest for them, to eat the next day’
after Papa Burwald had gone to work.‘ .,
2 "Bob spent half an _hour or so with his_ mother,
and-befor.e. leavinggslipped an ﬁve-’dollarAbilI— inher
ha‘?I%his1ei?l lriahhim see it, mother, but use it for
‘ yourself and the 'rls.”

I h ?" _ V . .
m“1{:Bym\i(/):)]i‘?l:i’ing hard, mother. Many a time I get
is much as ‘twenty-ﬁve_centS for a shine._ Money
3”-nothin to those big‘ brokers .d°.’W" "1 W3“
2 Street. ” >
“ﬁgithiiiiiriaiie you saving it?” A ,.
‘.“Yes: mother, I seldom’ spend more than ten

3 1.9)
:' gag: Elciinaklirgzd her and went out downstairs.
Just as he‘ reached the sidewalk he met Truck-

“Heno, Wldlat are you doing here?” the truck-
marlhtgilsgwliothing, sir.
mother." ’
uyouqnhave, eh?
clothes. » ‘ , .
~ "Bought them and_paid for them, s1r.’;”

“Been up to let your mother see them.

.~ “-Yes, sir.” _ . . " . k
r,«~f- 7 ‘Both of them hated each other, and the true -
 man having takena drink or two, t,old.him to go
on aiid keep away from there, that he didn’t want

— _' ch‘ round. _, '
’,t,"«§Xi1 fighat, sir. I didn't come here to’see you.
1)iiln’t know you wouldbe home so s,oon.’' .

L mob’ you comearound when you think I’m not

"I’ve been up to see

Whex-e’dryou get those good

A ring AND’ seams WEEKLY».

» should give away his

‘?‘I.dn ’t th' k there was any extra:Vag9J1°¢'
on m I needed a,Sunday suit badlyn.

The two little girls feared him, as did heir

» "/Why, Robert, ow in the world do‘ you earn so‘

ometimes I earn as much as two dollars

man Burwald, who was coming in from his work.’

   

kick ou clear arossthe stree .” " _ _

Bob saw that he was in_ an ugly humor so he’,
went up to his own quarters in the next block, ”
wondering how his mother could ‘endure such .a 
brutal husband. , V * p i,  ‘
Still, he had enough pleasant things to think,-“ «
about: » -

He believed that he was now in a position where,
when an opportunity occurred, he could make 3‘ .'
big fortunedown in Wall Street, and he again?
considered the question as to whether or not he
blackin -box. But befo
he fell asleep he had decided ghat he would stﬁ
keep on shining shoes for the opportunity it gave ‘ I’
him to stay down in Wall Street and hear the '
brokers talk.‘

So the next day he earned a couple ofidollars it J

« by hard work, doing better, perhaps, than any

other bootblack in that locality.

The next day he watched theother bootblacké‘ I
worrying the Italian, and by noon they had forced I
him to leave the locality. ' p ,

“Poor fellow!” he murmured. “He doesn’t un- 
derstand English and can't talk back at the boys. C »
But I would wager something that if he could get 7»
a chance he’d slip a knife-blade intosome of them.
They are ugly fellows to get into a ﬁght with. ’]I,-.
Many of them use knives or daggers when pro-xi‘
voked.” , v

Two or three evenings -later his sister—Dora
came up to his room, and told him that Papa Bur-7  ‘;

’wald had hit their mother. '

“What did he‘do_it for?” he inquired. . — _
* “Well, I, guess it was because -he had. been

; drinking. He hasn't been giving mother much»
money lately, and he didn't like the supper. Don’,t;~. fl ,

you come down to the house, Robert, because he:-1 1
would hurtyou, and mother would be very angry * 
with me fortelling you.” I . ’ .  j,
."All right, dear. You run back home and stay  ‘~
with mother.” .- e
Bob’s blood was boiling. He knew the oﬂi-cer’ . ,
on the beat well, and the latter knew that he was ; "
a very industrious bootblack, so he went down.-on
the street to look for him. _ , 3 ’
He found‘ him, and, oing up'to him, said :. » p  .
“Mr. Johnson, you now my step-father, Mi"-.‘v’-i 5*
Burwald, don’t you?” . A
“Yes; I know him by sight. What about him?”~,~'‘ ‘»
“Well, my sister came up to in room a while» 
ago and told me that he had just nocked motherv” ‘
d0WDa and I’d like to have you pull him in for it.”’~" v
“Well, what’s the use of my doing so if your‘ 
mother won’t appear against him to—morrow I
morning? If she will, I’l1 pull him in.” ‘ '-
“WBIL I _d0I1”G know whether she will or not. I 
guess she is afraid to do so; but if you’ll lock; V’
him, up I may be able to persuade her to admit“
the truth of ‘it to you. And look here, now, it’s
ﬁve dollars in your hand right now if you’ll go
down there and either .pull him in or talk to ‘him
like he ought to be talked to. I haven’t got so '
much money, but I’ve got enough laid up to pro‘,-‘ '
tect my mother.” ' 
“That’s right, Bpb,”. said the officer, taking the
money and thrusting it into his pocket. “I like
to see a. boy stand by his mother. I‘ wouldn't
take this if it wasn’t that I’m in a tight place;",§?.>
come along.” . ‘ - 4 y . 2 3;
Johnson was a big, muscular ‘fellow, with"

’ l

    
   
   
   
 
  

 

at home, do you? The next time I_ hear of it ifii: 

     
      

    

y

,,s*2s: .

 

 '-courage‘ of a bulldog, and Bob knew, that he was
a match for his stepfather. .

  

~ ‘ reached the -top of the second ﬂight of stairs, and
  just as they got there Dora came running out

screaming, saying that Papa Burwald was going

to kill her mother. .
‘Bob and the policeman dashed into the room.
There they found Burwald asping his wife’S
arm, and she was crying and egging him to let
goof her. .
_ “Here! Here!" exclaimed Johnson. ‘_‘What
does this mean? Stop that or I'll run you in!”
.. ‘ Burwald was dumfounded when he turned and
. found himself facing an officer.
A When he saw Bob he instantly understood how
the oﬂicer came to be there.
': Mrs. _ _ _
,'_face. in her hands, sobbing violently.

 

  
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
    
   
  
 

 
 

‘v“§o you come along with me,’ Burwald."

CI-IAPTER xi. " h
How Bob Stood by His‘Mother. . '
:The’,burly truckman growled that he wouldn’t

Burwald struck_out at him. ' - v

‘.-{Bob dodged, and the next‘ moment the ‘burly
brute got a Erack'over the head from the oﬂ‘icer’s
_-locust that stretched him on the ﬂoor. Quick as
a‘.;ﬂash'the oﬁicer clapped handcuffs on hiz_n_to
avoidla struggle ‘with him there in the house.
Then Mrs. Burwald sprang up and began begging
‘afid pleading that the officer wouldn't take -him
awa . ‘
 gb’s face was white as a sheet, and he called
out: ‘

the court against him to-morrow if mother does-
n't. He’s a cowardly brute. He drove me from
home four years ago, and I was earning enough
tlfien~'to pay my board.”

,~ When Burwald found himself handcuffed he be-
‘ me as gentle as a dove. ,

" ’ ‘He pleaded with the efﬂcer not to lock him up,
that he had been drinking and hardly knew what
he was doing.

1" ' “Robert, Robert!” pleaded Bob's mother, “_don’t
disgrace us by having him‘ taken to the police
station.” '_

V’-"‘Mother, don't sa a word,” said he. “_He has
already disgraced t e whole family by his wife-
rbeating. If you don't appear against him to-
morrow I will, for the officer and I both.saw him
jrleady to thrash you. I'll employ a lawyer -and do
' my best to have him sent to the island.”

“Then what will become of us, Robert?"

“I can take care of you, mother.”

t}:i(l)1?1nyt};E]g‘ witththim,hhe sagalgely threatened
‘- ' ‘ ex ime e me Im- ‘
'."€I‘beli1(xer\1re'ye()1i1’d do it,” said Robert. “A wife-
bedter is capable of murdering even a baby.”
 ‘v’5BTu1r'1w1:1a.ld tried to kick him, but the officer .pre-
. t ' . ~ ‘

Y%feCO1_111l‘TS‘e the corridor ‘was crowded with ten-
guts of, the building, from the ground ﬂoor to the
goof. v

.'n.?

  

 

‘i- ~ 3
» .

VFAME AND FORTIJNE WEAEKLYSSA

"They heard the children screaming before they .

Burwald sank down "on a chair with her_

-"'."“It’s a case of wife-beating," said the‘ officer,-‘

- morning to appear in court. Besides, she is afraidk 7

g°“"Take him along, Mr. Johnson," said Bob, and E

 -“Take him away, Mr. Johnson. I’ll appear in

When Burwald saw that Robert's mother could-

’The>pol_iceman_took him to the?s'tation' an‘
charged him with disorderly conduct and wife
beating. _ - .

Bob remained at the house to console his moth-": ‘F
er, but it was a hard job. i I 4‘ !

She didn’t_ love the man at all. She married}.-:v‘7
him more for a protector for herself and the chi}-.= 7?’
dren than anything else. But she was afraid‘
that he would .come back, when he got out,.and:
murder her and her children. , =

Bob spent the night there, and instead of going” 1
downtown directly after breakfast, he went to .j‘,'_.
the police "court. He couldn’t persuade his mother  v
to o with him, but he did take Dora alon .  

here he saw his stepfather arrai ed y Oﬂi-' 1,9.
ce_r Johnson, on the charge of drun enness arid;
wife-beating. ' ’ , _ , _‘  

Hetold how Robert had come to ‘him and’ ac 
quainted him ‘with whatwas going fen" atth
house, and that when_he entered the ﬂat-he,foun"
the .prisoner beating his wife; who was crying and;

   

   

 

 

  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  

begging for‘mercy. 4 .
"Where is the wife?” the ‘judge asked. 
.“Your honor," said Bob, “she is too,ill.Ithis"

to appear a ainst- him; but‘ I am here. I saw:
him «beating Her, so did the oifﬁcer .and my sister"
here. I've another charge tormake against him
He swore, in the presence of the oﬂicer, that "h
intended to kill me as-soon as he" ot out. ‘I want .
to have him placed under bond to eep the eace- . ,

Burwald swoi-e_that all he did was to s apxhis.’ '-
wife’s face. , ' ' » - __f V ‘

“Your -h_o_nor,” said Bpb,.“look at his hands
almost as big as a ten-pound ham. My moths
is a delicate woman, and what's more, she is" a.
good woman and a good mother. I 'don".t’ eve '
-know what started the trouble, but I guess it 
whisky, for he was drunk. But not so"drun_l:d_ .
that he didn’t know what he was doing‘.’’,, .  ." ,.

The judge then questioned Oﬂicer J olmson, who‘
corroborated everything Bob had said. '  ‘

The judge imposed a _ﬁne of twenty dollars}
thirty days on the island. ‘ r 

Bob then swore out a warrant against him fo 7
threatening to kill him, and on that the judgér‘
ordered him to give bail,for ﬁve hundred dollars. a».
for six months to keep the peace. - _  -

He couldn’t_do it and was locked up again;. "I"

Bob returned," home in great glee and ' ‘
his mother what the result of the trial was. -.

She wrung her hands and said: _ I, .  ,

“Robert, we willbe dispossessed, for the —rent..i-§._.
due ‘day after to-morrow, and I have no money.
in the house. but that billyou gave me the 0th '
evening.”

“Don't worry ’about that, mother. I can pay .
the rent and do more besides. I have not told -you
anything about it, but I've got some money in .the-_ ,
bank; and now, look_ here, mother, let me get 9." '
lawyer and you begin suit against him for ‘di
vorce right away.” - 

“Robert what in the world do you mean?” Q

.“I mean just what'I say, mother. If you wan :
to get rid of him now is your time, for if‘yeu ‘
live with him again after he comes out you wi‘ll:“= ‘
have to wait for another beating before you*c,an
have any grounds for divorce.” . '

“But how are we to live, Robert?"

 

 

   
 
     
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
 

‘ (To be Eontinued),

    
    
 
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
    
   
   
  

i'Ni3_w_ YORK, AUGUST 12, 1927

 

--rum

 

dnonéy Order, Check or Registered ‘
the same as cash. When sendiiig s
mmgodn in 9. se arute piece of paper to avoid cutting

i the ‘envelope.’ 2 _
.,A_.ddress letters to ' ~

 

  

 ‘single Co ias. .. .......... .. « .Postage Free 8 cents
_one Copy ,hi_-ee Months .. . ... ﬂ  
~ one ;Copy Six’ Months. . . . . . “ “ .
Due’ Copy one Year . . . . ....-. . . . . .. !.00
,,,g ,2 .Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00

,  WESTBURY PUBLISHING co. Inc.‘
‘ ~  '»140'€edar‘-Street, New York City.
:*;’.“%%?r.’.F.1::.?;.f“$;..*;:*.=:..é“.:'...T'.:+..:~i 0

' INTERESTING ‘ARTICLES

‘FIGHTING “GAS" TAX»-

v y ‘i i th C in ‘land the Detroit Auto—'
,:]i)if>*b1il<lé§,C‘l”ii1b€1;iere cgrcglariisiig petitions for a refere
"end_um- V  A “

"U‘VIBRATI0l\l HELD RUINQUS $0‘ CAB
" ‘The most punishment a car can receive is to

~ ' - 'th bumping‘ of the vehile to
1:?:§(?l:l~§l1iléc';})Ie:iad1:is:%iviﬁration of the springs. 'Con—
stunt vibrations are worse than occasional
 the car and is one of the most severe
j factory tests for machines. ’ ,

TRAFFIC JAM ON QUEEl_\lSBOR0‘ ’
BIG BRIDG

. E
” ’ ' ' f eensboro Bridge by ,10000_0 3"‘
1 tO1’(I3l:‘l))?lSe1:g()no eaezii day, July ’2 and 3, according to
the police report, emphasizes 1111,? 1_1eC€’S51tY and
value of the proposed‘ trihorough bridge. kl ,
Committees of the 4Queensboro an Broo 
" Chambers of Commerce conferred last weekwith
Elmer F. Andrews, engineer of the H1dghW3YS and
- 1 en ing an ex-
Bizégsgiazzsi..:::::gBi.:§:;.*r:‘.. Long Island
., 8,, to link with the proposed bridge over Hell
., G335 and the Harlem ‘River into Manhattan and
 Bronx. ‘ _ J ,
BANKERS IN FAVOR OF GASOLINE TAXES
. Advocacy’ of the tax on gasoline as ‘the most

 ,_ : tl co merce and marine commission
i>’;e€l::dA1ihreri1c:n hlankers’ Association at the an—
' iation’s executive council

‘ Ark. ointing out that the auto-

ihloggiez  now ranks first in our national

njual meeting of the as

' V l i t‘ “a real public need in providing quick
igeiknigleuslgwice for distances from thirty’ to sixty
miles.” ’ V

      i
  Paine and Fortune W/ééldy 
.,’".[’s‘EsRl\/IS TO SUBSCRIBERS,
.0 how To smvb MoN'mr—-at our  :.é,]L.1m1;hcg:_

in any other way are at youi-‘risk. We aceeﬁtv£o':t:El:_f

rite your-‘name and address plainly.

‘Till :3-cent gasoline tax’ ncw imposed on motor-_’
it-its iiii Michigan, has arhused ‘strong ieelmg,in_

. 51-we over a. road of constant roughness and at a-

Vibration will work havoc with ev-_

am at the bargain counter!”

scientiﬁc form of motor vehicle taxation” was ex?

‘SAFE AND SANE CAR DRIVING
Just as long as the automobile driver persists
in abusing rather than using the -safety devices
with which his car is equipped, gruesome tales of
highway catastrophes’ will continue to occupy‘, 
headline space in the daily apers. Impressed —
with the claims made -for his raking system. his; , _
bumpers, his warning signal, along; the road  
speeds with -little thought tothe fact that despite“
the mechanical excellence of such devices, intelli-
gcnce is requisite in enabling them to perform
their proper functions. ’ - 7
How often, for example, does the driver sound” =
his horn mechanically and ‘drive ahead with no" '
further thought to the safety of others, to say,
nothing of his own‘ good health. Then,'when,ha1é;d.
into court for violating the rules of safe and sasiel‘
driving he is heard to proclaim defensively‘, “-Bllt,
I blew my horn!” > _ .
If it sjolhappened,that' he were obliged to oper-fl‘ 0 3
ate his machine without ‘such safety features, the V
chances are he would take fewer risks. ' _ '2

 

‘LAUGHS

“Papa, _what is an agnostic?” "An agnostic,‘ 
lniy son, is .a person who can’t see beyond his, . V
nows-. . 

I —————— .. 

— “Oh, my dear,”‘said the minister to six-year-old:-. ,
Alice, “so you are the oldest of the famil '2” “Oh, -‘ _:
no,” said she solemnly, “my father an mother,
are older’n Iuam.” , . . *

 

,,_

 

I-Ie——-I can’t decide whether to go in for aintingi.‘  lg
or poetry. She——I’d go in for paintingi I were; _ 
you. He-—Then you’ve seen some of my pa.inting?, , ,,

She——0h', n‘o';,_but I've heard some of your poetr-ylf  ‘in

 

“Many of our girls marry well,” said the mans, ; "
ager to ‘the new assistant. “A millionaire just] i‘
married a girl in our furdepartment. Sett’le¢I*
$250,000 on her, too.” “Dear me! And here I’ 0

 

“Why do you keep staring at my hat, di arf!"vi..':
asked the caller of the hostess’ little dang tor.
“Well, mother said it was a perfect fright,” said y 
1?he1lé01m8St81‘. ‘1‘)argdtId w’as"Waitin,’ to see if it . — 
wou wsca-re me, u i on t. ' ;‘

“Who knows what the Epistles are?” asked the , 
]S)undta}y—schlolol tieachertgf heiiﬁclass of small g'irls.;,~,

oro ys an wave vio ent y.
othy?” said the teacher. “The Epistles,”
Dorothy, “wereythe lady Apostles.” ‘

 

 

i v.

“Well, Dar-Q 

55530 W 

f,,.

She was descending the stairs at a church, so-'
ciable when a man behind her trod upon her gown
“You clumsy brute!” she exclaimed suddenly ,
wheeling around upon..him,-and then added sweet“
ly: “Oh, I beg your pardon; I thought you were
my husband.” ‘ v

. . ‘. .

 

“What a narrowstreet that is!” said the visitoi},
being shown about the suburban town by a citizen;
“Yes, it’s narrow,” replied the citizen. “And, in '
wretched condition. See the holes in’ the pave.-
merit.” “Yes, it looks bad.” “And dirty peverg
where. What is the name of that street’,

“T];at’s Grant street."

 

   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
     
     
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
   

 AND ‘F

V The Black Satchel

; . The news was i‘ everybody’s mouth. It ﬂew

fast, as bad news always does. Mercantile
pharisees, in all their pride of solvency, stood at
' the street corners and thanked heaven that they
were not as he.

’ “Pride must have a fall,” moralized the moral-
‘ izers. “Giles Gregory held his head altogether
- too high!” _
 “I’ll have the rascal arrested!” cried Eben Nab-
T coin, the money-lender, who had “done a bill” for
. Mr. Gregory the day before.
“What a pity for Mr. Smugg,” everybody said.
. “He’s such a nice’ young man, and now he's
thrown out of employment.”
f, Mr. Smugg, in whom so much sympathy cen-
tered, was lvlr. Gregory’s head clerk and busi-
H ness manager. ‘ ‘ '
The hapless merchant’s protest that the blow
2 had fallen unforeseen of course passed for noth-
 ing with the keen" Mr. Nabcoin. That Mr. Greg-
’ ory had gotten him to discount a bill the very day
= before his failure, to the distrustful mind of Eben
< was conclusive proof of ‘fraud, and as soon as
Fleecem Bros., his attorneys, could prepare the
requisite papers, he had the delinquent debtor
arrested and sent to jail. '

jfnotherless daughter, Alice, to grieve over his
misfortune, let us follow for a little-Ernest Gray,
., who had long loved _A1ice as well—well, as well
asshe loved him. ,

Alice's father disapproved the, young man's
suit. He had higher aims for his daughter than
' a‘ match with one whose position was yet to be
, won, and Ernest Gray was too proud a youth to-
'p1;_ess his claim, when pelf, not love, might be
thought to be his motive. He had ‘gone tovseek
his fortune in a distant city, whence, after a time,
.‘ ‘eeinga chance of bettering his prospects in a
V foreign land, with a heart as staunch as the good

ship that bore him, he sailed away, hoping to re-
’ »‘turn one day and claim the treasure left behind.
_ ‘ In mid-ocean a. great storm arose. Nobly.the
 stout ship fought against it, and for days held
- her own. ' ‘

,"At last a leak was sprung, which increased at,
every motion’ of the laboring vessel. Passengers
7 and crew took turns at the pumps with the
u energy of men struggling for life, but still the
water gained.

“Lower the boats!” shouted the gallant captain,
when at last it became apparent that the only

and going down with the sinking‘ ship.

' -The command was obeyed, and none too soon,
for the last off the frail craft barely escaped be-
ihg drawn into the-vortex caused by the doomed
vessel as she disappeared beneath the surging
'. hillows. .
 Ernest Gray found himself in the small boat,
with two companions-—one of them Caleb Smuggs,
‘who, too, had chanced to be a passenger on the
ill-fated. ship. He alone had thought of saving
his effects. He held a black leather satchel in
hishand, to which he hung tenaciously through
the whole exciting turmoil.

 

v
cm
i

":l'7‘Leaving'him there for the present, and his ‘
he said.’

 
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  

i

There had been no time to secure wateryo
provisions. The only chance of life lay in th _
boat_outr1ding'the storm and rescue by some":
passing vessel before death came through star
vatlon. _ . . .. V _ p 7 f

Days and nightspassed, but ‘no help came.
Ernest Gray and Qaleb‘-Srnugg was fast 
cumbing to it. ' " ' " ’  .—
_ Ernest was the stronger of the two, and lceiz
his eye steadily’ on that of the starving wre 7
who soon quailed under his look like a. subdued
animal. He sank backin the boat, and the p'_al- '
lor of death began to settle on his face. v 

“I have something to tell you before you die}.
he gasped. -i. -

Ernest leaned over
scarcely audible. V , p

The dying man continued in murmuring tdnes
Intense astonishment was pictured on Ernest”
face as the poor wretch breahed his last._ ‘,

_ A sail have in sight at that moment. .Errlest
signaled 1t and arms seen and rescued. ':_

him, for his words ‘were,

The beauty of Alice Gregory had more than
once caused a ﬂutter in the little heart that Eben
Nabcoin had. He ventured to tell her so on one
occasion, but .the avowal was met with- scorn
Maybe _it was" because he felt the ﬂutter still
maybe it was for vengeance sake. At any rate’
Eben came one day to see the aﬂﬁcted daughte
of him whom he had cast into prison. 

“It is in your power to set your father free;

A’ gleam of joy for an instant lit up the girl's
Wan features. Then a half-terriﬁed. expression
succeeded. . , 

::H0W'-*h0V![ may I do it?” she faltered. .

By becoming my wife,” was the cold, relentz
less answer. » 2
uMy father,w,ould scorn to accept his lib7e1§t;§:.
at such a price,‘ she said, “even If I were base...
enough to offer 1t.’f  - .

A spectator came upon the scene unobserved.
As Alice turned her back upon the man she
loathed her eyes fell upon Ernest Gray. ’ ,

“Oh, Ernest, Ernest, I’m so glad‘ you have}.
come!” she exclaimed. ‘This man has not only‘
thrown my father into prison, but now adds the“
insult of asking me to be his——"

‘S‘%§ ctot,1l<Ii not speak hishword. - , 3 V

- » a , presume, is t e rice asked fo . ' 
father's liberty?” said Ernegt. r.y?,ur

“I have so put it,” spoke up..Eben, with7ea.sy
aS‘S*‘11vlan§e° th ‘ th ‘ ‘ 

ay e ere is ano er rice 0 wo ’ ‘
cept,” replied Ernest, with eqlhal cohlrgess. um ac?

“I have named the only one.”

“Not the money due you?” Ernest asked. 5 .

“Oh, if you are able to pay that," said ‘Eben’?
with a sarcastic grin. - 

“M13 Gregory is,” Ernest interrupted. In:
few words he told the story of his Shipwreck
concluding thus: ’ "s dying breath Cale
Smuggconfessed that h ad plundered his em‘
ployer for years, and that it was the sums thus;
abstracted, which he had artfully concealedb
false book-keeping, and not any real losses, whicz
caused Mr. Gregory's-failure. The fruit 0£»hi57"
dishonesty Caleb, who was a very rudent-»m’aii7
carefully hoarded; and in this satc el which M

  

gave me will be found everéy cent of the stolen
-irioney. _It belongs to Mr. regory, and is more
_. than enough to pay all he owes and set him
going again.” _ _ _ —
 So“ Mr. Nabcoin got his money, Giles Gregor?’
.1,-35: liberty, and Ernest Gray is. now the latters
(son-in-law and junior partner.
 “Well, take that other chair,” said he, “and
‘draw up and have something. I,-’Iere, just let me
'»ring-“for another glass and pipe.
.  After we’d drank a little, and I’d taken _a pull
—'or two at the pipe, I suddenly turned to him.”
.“Creigg, I believe I’ve.»found out something.
.-,“And what may it be?” ,
"‘.‘I-’ve matched .a piece of paper,”.said I. l
n“The deuce you have!” said he, with a little
’_.la1‘zgh, and still pulling away at.his pipe. “Well.
For,’ he continued, after a moment or ‘two,
‘really shouldn’t wonder  you made a stir in the

or-Id yet-—befo.re you die.” ”
V ‘,“,Str,a_nger things ‘than that have happened,
said I,’ taking my p_1pe in my left hand, and, at
thesame time holding up a bond, from the top
vedge“ of which the »meres’t fragmenthad been
‘torn. “Do you see that?” ' o ‘
‘ .«f‘‘Yes, what of it ?” he asked, without taking the
‘trouble to remove his pipe. _
. ,,‘‘Why———nothing,’’ said I, "only I took th_at, with
$67,000 worth more and a number of things be-
Johging. to you, from under the ﬂooring in your
,room‘ while you were drunk last night, and the
Lmissingﬁfragm’ t of -this bond, was taken from
the hand- of Wal er Whitelock the morning he was
ﬁoiind dead on the floor. of his private room.”
» Creigg’s careless indifference was all gone now.
His face grew as pale as any corpse.. _ "
—“What——-what are you going to do?” he asked.
3"Isn’t that a rather useless question ?’* said I.
, “Willyou take $10,000 to let me off?”

  
  
   

   
  
  
 
 

.\<

   

  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
    

“half a dozen officers ‘round this" room,‘ and
',.’j;won’t do to have any fooling.” - ,_
“?Well, in a word, he wilted—gave right up--siib-
‘ ‘mitting peacefully as a lamb. - ‘

Told me all about it afterward. . ' ‘

* ’Got-into a ti ht box. Saw his way out of it by
robbing White ock. Opportunity offered. Fixed
the Window‘ while he was there in the early part
or the evening. .Got in after the house was quiet.
‘Managed to get the safe open, and was Just look-
"ng over the bdnds when he was surprised, by
fliitelock. - .
tom the ‘time he knew that his employer was
11 the room to the time he knew he himself was a

.. ‘e ready money he had found‘ in the safe and
non’. Whit_elock’s person had tided him over his
-tight place; but the bonds he dared not use, al-
-though he had most cunningly altered —ﬂiei_r’num—

 

fragment ﬁxed him. . . . y
Well, we got him back here,” and brought Walk-
-‘along as witness. . ’ . ‘ ~ ’ i
s Ijhave. already said, ‘Walker was an Eng-
, x ' h only goneiback to his native
‘',‘jii.try’beéause;. 6: _
'_l-oyinent here aftertheyniurder. ; ,_
'e trial ca-me‘ .0ﬁ,1!i 'due_.course, and Creigg
' ‘ ta and. l ” ’ ” ehlx deserved

       

FAI\ziE AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 0

'-‘‘It’s too late, Mr. Creigg,” saidli “‘there’Si

'_urderer, seemed no more than a single instant.’

rs. . v _ _ .. _
He "might haveimanagéd ‘everything, but that

   

found ‘it hard work_ to get.

’ __ $250,000 DRUG CACHE SEIZED IN RAID

Captainpl-Ienry Scherb and Sergeant Christisof
the Narcotic Squad searched the home of Harry
Watkins at 26 Battery Avenue. Brooklyn recently,
and seized 695 ounce bottles which they said con-
tained morphine, and 7,900 bottles believed to con-
tain heroin. 'Captain~Scherb said that the value
of the _drugs was about $75,000, but that if

sold to addicts it would bring at least $250,000, _
and probably more, depending upon the extent "to

which it was adulterated with sugar and -powder
and so increased in bulk. . - 

Watkins and his wife, Mrs. Anna Watkins,
were arrested, the latter at the house and the
‘former at a" printing office in 441 Pearl Street,‘
where he is employed as a stereotyper. A three-
montlis-old baby was turned over to neighbors to
care for when the Watkinses were taken to the
Fort Hamilton police station and locked up.

Both Watkins and his wife said they knew noth»-.
ing of the drugs, which were packed in clothing

boxes and wooden cases. They said that last_J‘anf-' i

uary a friend had‘ brought the cases to them and

asked them for storage room and that they hall

putjthem in a closet beneath _the stairs, where the
police found them. The police, however, believe

the house has been a distributing point for drug’ '

peddlers, although no addicts were served there. ,_

Captain Scherb said that ‘for a long time they
had received re.‘ orts that dru
supplied from a oint in Broo lyn, and later they’
heard that the supplies were stored in the Bat-
tery.Avenue place. .  i '

For more than a week detectives watched the”

house, but during that time no one entered excel’?
Watkins and his‘ wife.
zfeltcertain that drug peddlers were being sup-
plied from the house, and recently they determined‘
' to search the building. Mrs. Watkins came to the
door with her baby in her arms when they knock-
ed and made no objection when they went in; 

_ The police had been apprised of the exact loca-1
tion of the cases and-boxes containing the 

vials, and went straight to the stairway. ‘Captain —

’Sclier‘b said the raid. was the largest in recent‘
months, and that he conﬁdentl expected that oth’-
er members of the gang woul

narcotics were smuggled into this coufitry by‘,
members of ships’ crews. "

PERMITS ONLY SUBJECTSTO MAKE fl

VFILMS o.
That.British stories were placed in false atmo

pheres by.American ﬁlm producers was charged?

in the committee of the House of Commons con
sidering the ﬁlm bill, when by a vote of 15 to‘
_an amendment was adopted requiring the pr
ducer as ‘well as the author of a ﬁlm produce’
in this country to be a British subject.

-The amendment was offered by Harry Day
Laborite and theatrical producer, who coniplainhd;

that Tess in Thomas Hardy’s “Tess of,the,d'~Ubér_- 

_v-illes” was made :-to look ‘._‘more or less likieaa _
“;.cluh~qi.ieen” by. an American ‘pi-oducer,_while‘

~’ ;:ter in »“-,'~Peter. Pan” when he was supposedfio» .
»f‘ ‘sees .

     

.£or:~ 1‘i.»‘3"-,I’_C;i¥,l1q§; was .m_ad.e.to

wt

 

peddlers had been ’

Nevertheless the police ‘

_ p . soon be found. De-,-g
tectives are investigating on the’ theory that the

  
 
  

  

300,000 LIsTENERs. IN JAPAN

The popularity of radio. as a medium of enter-
fainment in J apan is not far behind other civilized
nations. Each owner of a radio receiver is, re-

. quired to take out a receiving license, at 2 shit-
'5", tings a month, and at. the present time over
', ,-308,000 persons hold licenses. ‘ ‘ ‘-

 ~ SKIDDING ON OILE:D.- HIGHWAY .
 Highway oiling is at hand in many. sections of
. country. This type oﬁ road "surface presents
, . *'a. special hazard to the motorist. and requires
v 5 great care in driving, if one is to avoid 3, dan _er-
.ous skid. Front-wheel. skidding, the most: n-.
. _ erous variety, is more common on the» oiled
 gighway than on any other. and’. it is responsible
‘ for many of the serious accidents that occur on
 ‘such roads. One should proceed at slow speeds
, ,  an oiled road, especially at turns and curves.

"V  LUA MAOLA As common HERE‘ AS IN
 A - - SOUTH SEAS‘

   

   
     
    
  

called Maola. If the visitor calls out Maola he
may expect to be a second’ Pied Piper.

“Why?” one-‘asked? of R. F‘. Tomson, English-
 Deputy Commissioner _ f the Western
Paciﬁc, who is visiting in 

."Because Maola means stomach ache, and the
‘Solomon natives have; the curious. belief that if
ﬁhey are suffering from an ailment they can get
 of it by calling their dogs the name of-, the
‘illness. Hence-, most of the dogs’. bear the name
jhﬁaola; Lua Maola, which means pain in. the-
neclé, is a name which is surprisingly prevalent.

/K

 :l19'27 RADIO LAW WILL NOT BE TESTED
IN COURT

.9} ‘The constitutionality ofthe radio law of 1927
’  not be questioned in court for the present
as . ‘

 

;.Broadcasting~ station ownersrwhoi previouslyv

had announced they would take the matter to the
court ‘unless a better wave length assignment
were given them by the Federal Radio» Commis-
sion have withdrawn or announced they would
c-yvithdraw such action. . ‘

" "It is anticipated that a number of stations will

" appeal‘ to the District Court of A peals over deci-
sions of the Radio Commission, ut it is not ex-
pected that the law itself will besubjected to. a

. test as to its constitutionality.

.,‘According to government oﬁicials, owners of

radio stations have concluded that another break-

 in regulation would work almost irreparable,
‘damage to the industry and that p-resent condi-w

gltions, bad as they are, are preferable to another
era of complete chaos.

- *BRlTON TO PEDAL WAY ACR SS
; ’ATLANTIC IN TINY “SUBMARI E”‘

1'

  

ittonstruction, built during, ,
in -Oldhamuoil W‘arnincton.* Iuarxcaslure
' ‘so A ‘ *ﬁ€bl$3I:

ortly on

FA1i\/IE ANn ‘(,v1i‘ORTUI\lE‘ wEEKLY _ y
TIMELY TOP_lCS_ A 4   

voyage from Dover to.ANew York. ‘The  V’

Most of the dogs in the Solomon Islands.are~

-Va tiny, submarine—hke3 steel 5 vessel othis’
his « spare  _

  
 

 , s§.’..“"‘ s

    

which is only 12 feet -long, with a beam of 3 feet} _
will be.propell'ed _by a_ navigator with a- pedalc"
mechanism much like bicycles operating the t'wo':- 
bladed propeller. _ ._ 
_A “wxndim1l" geared to the- shaft ‘will relieve. -
him when the-;wmd,1s fair. Two persons‘ can be I
accommodated, although there won’t’be,-‘full length .:_
sleeping quarters. There-' are six /"water-ti‘ ti’ ]
compartments ‘and: four vgpu-n metal W-indoiws. 08-  ‘
ham will be able to button himself down when th‘ , ‘
zveather is: bad eiid keep .a lookout from a j 
c_0nmng‘ tower. ’ He has estimated that. that '
will occupy forty days, and he.is- desirous of  9
mg some one to share the hazards. with 

 
 
 
 
  

HAWK SHOCKS LOWER BROADWAY: J J

« Enter a new menace———Accipiter Fuscus, the”
hawk.  ; - ' ’ V1,.
Not so spectacularfrom a police standpoint
perhaps as stranglers, wire twisters and earmar-
derers, hawk on its initial appearance recently “
attracted a crowd of nearly 1,000 persons’ in ‘front . ‘
of the New York Produce Exchange at Broadway:
and Beaver Street. ‘ g V "
Soari-n in wide circles above the building the
hawk su den-l‘y swooped down and carried off one g
of the- hundreds- of pigeons which make theft"
homes-. in the skylight above the trading floor. The
commotion among the pigeons was hardly pewter
than that among the persons» below-. rowds.’
gathered, pointing upward, and , within ﬁfteen
mlmltes the hawk was back, soaring» gracefully 
and high above» the uilding. So’ large was the -a
visitor that several of the onlookers, deceived 
the distance, pointed it out as an airplane. "  *

\

    
 
  
 
    

GIRL, 4, ASTOUNDS MUSICIANS. ,W'I‘1‘H
“ADU LT" PIANO PLAYING '
A four-year-old child, Dorothy Johnson whose‘
mother, Mrs. Florence Johnson, recently rough,-t
her here from Honolulu for-a musioal'edu<2tion~.
has astounded the teachers of the Chicago. Mu-
sical College. . » ,=. 
While a class of mature students .gat\hered. £03.‘;
a scholarship competition with the judges behind a
a curtainpLittle Dorothy began playing Beam.
oven’s “Moonlight Sonatal’ Then fo1lowed‘Bach’.-8" ,
“Prelude in‘ C Major” without the judges bei '
aware that any but a mature pianist was at the
instrument. " ‘ .
When the prizes were awarded, one of the wins
ners——little Dorothy-—vs/as not present. She 
summoned. a 1. A , ‘ ,
“It ‘is the most remarkable,’ case of imitative
talent I ever knew in my career.” ’ A ,
So said Mossaiye Boguslawski, the .pianist,,one
of the judges. ' .. . -  .3;
..Doroth-y?s‘- mother is a music teacher but had’
given her daughter little instruction?-and’, saixitlli

V ywe. c0HXp0.s1t}0sis,_K;.
.pl’agbette1'. than » .

 

        
   

 
 

  

.4-Q» N . MAKE CEILING ATTRACTIVE

,fWe decorate the_four sides of our rooms with

‘colorful papers, paints and fabrics. We put care

’*'a-nd thought into the selection of our rugs,_but

;we never cast a single idea toward the celing!
'Why shouldn’t the ceiling be attractive?

 DRINKING FOUNTAINS FOR DOGS
 Three little fountains, copies of the famous
fB'envenuto Cellini fountain, at Florence, have been
;\‘%installed in the -marble courtyard of the Savoy

_ Hotel toserve as drinking fountains for the pets
7 of‘ the guests. . .

A’ ~ tNEw*« CONEY ISLAND IN ENGLAND T0
 HAVE GONDOLAS AND _CANALS

.'1If curious folks are in ithe 1'eg19I1 Of Hampton
Court Palace while in England this summer they
will see gondolas cruising. amid the same haunts
which the Tudor courtiersfrequented in_ the days
of " Henry VIII. A miniature Venice, with
~ ~canals.and a ﬂeet of gondolas for hire on the taxi
system, is rapidly being constructed opposite the
jxfamous palace, at a cost of £500,00_0. According
to Colonel Henry Day, M.P., who is head ofnthe
gyndicate, it will be “_a regular Coney Island. .

CREDITS MAKRATHON CRAWL T0 scorcn
' CRAB

     

 
  

   
   
  

 
    
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    

 

». ‘The longest sidestep on record was reported
«recently from a port in Dunbartonshire, Scotland,
;whe1-e a crab was found with a label saying that
itihad been released in Aberdeen eighteen months
i go. ’—If the-label is authentic, the-crab, which
easures eight inches across, has crawled several
hundred miles around the northwest coast of
‘Scotland. Experts, however, are skeptical, point-
g out that the crustaceans change their shells
very, year, and that therefore it would be impos-
ble for a label to adhere to the crab for eighteen
onthsl ‘

 

 

EDEPHONES ARE BANNED BY ENGLISH
'* LANDLORD

from-.lfavin'g telephones? This unexpected" ques-
.ion has been brought to a showdown here as a
result of a challenge'ﬂ1mg down by Mrs, Cathe-

in‘e Kent, a Kensington property owner, who has
ordered the tele hones disconnected inthe block
* 1’. apartments w ereof she is landlord. - A

 

».The instructions have been acted ,on by the.

lpostoﬁice authorities, who point out that their

must be obtained for provision of maintenance of
he circuit. Thetenants who’ claim the telephone
s essentialto their business are taking legal ad-

ice with a view to a restoration of facilities.

« ORDER CLOSING PICCADILLY JOLTS

~ as ' _'LONDON A

~A~ “bombshell” burst» in the West End of Lon-_
on recently when Sir Henry Maybury, Director
eneral of Roads,'announced that the whole Cor-
,’r,m-,1-.would be closed totraﬁic for.four months
axiom therend of July while a new roadway, res-
witvoirs anda new water. main are laid. The
“ ivilibe.

   

FAME  FORTUNE ‘WEEKLY,
ITEMS‘ or ‘INTEREST

.Has’ a landlord the right to prevent his tenants «

' g‘re‘ement—provides that permission by the owner.

done section by sectiomparts of the .

   
 

 

thoroughfare being entirely closed. With the ‘con-_

sent of the King traﬂic for the ﬁrst time in the
history of London will be diverted through Con--.1
stitution Hill and the Mall past Buckingham Pa—_ 
lace. Thevannouncement came as a complete _s'u_r-3_i

prise _to hotel proprietors, shopkeepers and the
clubs in the world-fained thoroughfare.

 

BARS GAMBLING FOR_CHARITY ‘ ,
District Attorney Elvin N. Edwards called tha‘:Aj
police chiefs of Nassau County, L. 1., into confer- ' I
ence and told them that if they did not enforce 
the laws against gambling he would present_.theI_n ;

‘to the grand jury for failing to do their duty. I

Mr. Edwards said that he referred particularly
to bazaars and carnivals conducted by fraternal
and church organizations, where games of ch.anc'e, ‘ 
such as wheels of fortune and raffles, are operat-.
ed. He cited the case of a recent Elks carnival_f.
at Lynbrook, where Sliei-iﬂ’ William R. Stropson 
conﬁscated a wheel of fortune valued at 3900.’.-
Since then, he said, a committee of Elks had visit- 9;
ed him and told him there would be no more gam-
bling at their club. ,

V .

 

 

LARD SUBSTITUTE IN SCIENCE MYSTEESI

How catalysts, as a part of an unsolved~mystery
of the world of science, have made possible the
annual production of millions of pounds of lard
substitute was one of the disclosures today in the’
Institute of Chemistry of the American Chemical,
Society. Hardifats from oils was but one, of th
many examples cited when the chemical process
known as catalysis drew attention from one of 
largest and most distinguished audiences since the
institute opened. .

A catalyst was described by Dr. Hugh S. Tay.-it
lor, of Princeton University, as “a material which
profoundly affects the rate of chemical reaction.
between other materials without being changed»

itself.” ‘

It was likened to promoters of baseball teams’-or?
prizeﬁghts who bring opponents together “‘so that,-
they might get into action,” or to “chemical per-.
sons,” marrying atoms of different substancesto
make a unit. I

Several explanations of this chemical mystery,
were offered. One of the theories was that ex-
pressed hy -Dr. Eric K. Rideal, of Cambridge Uni-I
versity,-England. . .

“Catalysis seems to be an electrical effect,” he
said, “and it apparently involves the attraction of,
the catalytic surface for molecules of the reactirigii
materials.” Dr. Ricleal said that catalytic rear:
tions were of so many different types that no gen w.
‘eral theory to fit all conditions was yet possible.

Establishment of a single university ﬁtted>to-
do all of the catalystic research work could SKIRIJIVS
knowledge which would save the industries 
the nations millions of dollars, in theopinion -o 
Dr. Taylor, who added thatcontinued research
was necessary “for there is so much,that is un
known about this Work.” ‘ ’ .

Dr. Irving Languire, director of the resear

. laboratories of the General Electric CompanY».m‘éii

another speaker on the subject of catalysis;

     and; Fortune Weekly 

— Latest Issues —

1093 The_ Little Wizard; or, The Success of ‘a
Young Inventor. ’
51094 A Young Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
Fortune.
’ .1095 Banker Barry’s Boy; or, Gathering the Dol-
’ .- lars in Wall Street. ‘
the Land of Gold; or, The Young“ Cast-

AK 1096 in
. aways of the Mystic Isle.

~"l.0_97 Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds; or, The

Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

"1093 After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky
‘~ Young‘ Wall Street Broker.

Lucky Lad; or, The Boy Who Made 9.
L Railroad Pay. '

‘.1100’ Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the
_. , Wall Street Money Market. V‘

1101 Dilcrlc, the Boy Lawyer; or, Winning a Big
" ee.

v:'f1102‘Broker Dexter’s New Boy; or, A Young In-
‘ nocent in Wall Street.

(1103 From Mill to Millions; or. The Poor Boy
' _ Who Became a Steel Magnatex

--1104 Three Grand Speculators; or, The Wall
Street Boys’ Syndicate. _
Stroke of Luck; or, The Boy Who Made
Money in Oil. 1

‘nos Little Hal, the Boy Trader; or, Picking Lip

’ Money in Wall Street.

1107 On the Gold Coast; or, The Treasure 51 the
' Stranded Ship. 
[1108 Lured by the Market; or, A Boy's Big Deal

» in Wall Street. 
" 1109 Trading Tom; or, The Boy Who Bought
: Everything. 1 ‘

1099 A

1 "1105 A

 1110 Favored by Fortune; or, The Youngest Firm

, in Wall Street. V

11111 Jack Jasper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route to
7' 1 Fortune.

1112.‘ After Big Money‘, or. Turning the Tables
on the Wall Street Brokers.

.1113 A Young Lumber King; or, The Boy Who
,-  Worked His _Way“ Up. '-

-— 1114- Ralph Roy’s'R1ches; or, A Smart Boy’s Run
 / of Wall Street.

W 115 A Castaway’s Fortune; or, The Hunt for a

' Pirate's Gold. ’ .

,1116' The Little Money Maker; or, The Wall
‘- ' Street Boy Who Saved the Market.

 sale by all newsdealers, or will be sent to any
money or postage stamps. ‘

* wssrsunr Pususuino CO.,'llnc.—

1117 Rough and Ready Dick; or.  Youngrﬁlir
press ‘Agent’s Luck. ’ ;L_ 

1113 Tipped on by Telegraph; or, Shaking if
the Wall Street “Bears." 

1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Rise of a
Mason.

1120 Mexrtyévatlhesllﬁlggienger; or. Capturing Ce;

1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The Career 51.
V Boy Merchant. -

1122 Digging Up Dollars; or,

Young “Bull" Operator.

1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried Treasu
of the Incas. , - I ‘ 

1124 The Old Broker’s Heir; or,_The hey‘ it

Youn

The Nerve _/of

\ Won In Wall Street.

.1125 From Farm to Fortune; or, The Bay.
Made. Money In Land. .

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 lF1"Ql"‘
a Dime. ' I ' " ;
1127 The Boy Railroad Magnate; or, -The’C§oit
tract That Brought a Million.  ‘ "
1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or, H"
. tling for Gold in Wall Street. A ,, _
1129 Caught By Cannibals; or The Treasure,
the Land of Fire. 

1130 The Little Operator; or, Cornering‘/utli
“Bears” of Wall Street. » V
1131 Air Line Ed; or Building a Telegraph’ L V
1132 A Boy of the Curb; “or, The Secret of
. Treasury Note. » 1*’

1133 From, Foundry Boy to Steel King; or.’ The
Rise of a Young Bridge Builder. ' '

.1134 The Missing Box of Bullion; or, The,‘ ‘V
Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery. "
1135 ‘Claim No. '7; _or, A Fortune from‘ slang
Mine. ’ A
1136 Out for Big
Wall Street Traders. 7 , .
The Boy Ice King; or, Coining Money
the River. 1 :- "
1138 Four of a Kind; or, The Combination '
Made Wall Street Hum. /"

1139 Bob Brandon, Contractor; or The.Ti-eais
That Led To Fame. . A’

1140 A B0 From th S 1th‘ C1 ' “ ‘
Waxll Street.C£l'ov:3d1. ’ or’ eamn-g 

W11

Money} or, Touching ',  .

113:7

addres on receipt of price, 8 cents ‘[per eon

»..—

