      

13:ued lV:z»5.[r. .5‘; _x.:. .~_2,-_.  2. --.._ fer_'.':‘.:r. £21tera.z’.z; Sagumi-c/.155 J/Jffif‘ it 1/1: A’. Y. Past Uﬁce, by STREET ét SMITH, jg-&; .S'e:'mM Azzn, .».  -
No. 524 NEW YORK, JANUARY 12,1907. Price, Five Cents

Nick wheeled about without removing his hands from his coat-pockets, but he discovered that
- the man who had spoken to him already had him covered.

    
 
  

Nlgw "

[:“\][l_@l}K @AR‘LTE.R  
W 3

EKLV

lured Wuuy. By sultscripliim :s.5o per year. Entered as Second-:Ia:: Matter al the N. Y. Pbs! Oﬁca. by STREET & Surm, 79-an Stu!!!‘ Avenue.
JV. Y. Entered according to Ad of Congress in (In year may. in the Oﬂice of the 1.a‘brarz'au of Gmgress. IVa:lu'ugton, D. C.

     
   
   
  
     

e No. 524, ‘ NEW YORK. January :2. I907. Price Fm Cents.

 Plot of the Baron;

‘>752, If  I 

I

I M», / '}«0. 0R,

 NICK CARTER’S TELUNO STRATEGY.

   

Edited by CHICKERING CARTE;

      
      
    
     
    
      
    
      
     
      
       

CHAPTER I. ' , “Trevelyan!” he exclaimed. “Well, well, well, Pen-
ryn, I am glad to see you. Where in the world did you
-i » _ _ _ drop from so unexpectedly?”
  Sgfday 3ft°m°°“ m the begmmng of the month "I arrived in Boston yesterday afternoon by one of the
'° 5. _ t°m " , old Cunarders,” replied Trevelyan, entering the house
NM‘ Carter was? practmany alone m_th° house when and depositing his Gladstone bag on the floor. after
we  rang’ Chmk was out Of the'°‘ty at w°rk 0" 3‘ which he gripped the detective’s hand again and shook
‘gm which the detective had assigned him‘ Patsy it heartily. “I slept in a hotel there last night, and came
 ‘ccepted an inviiatidn t° P355 ‘he Sunday i“ the on here lay train to-dav. I have just ‘come from the sta-
 and Ten-Ichi was spending the day with some mm. '
din?" -{jdpm whf were hs:3P§:"g :mp°";"“-V “Well, Igcertainly am glad to see you, Treve, old fel-
' Of ; 3. en 1‘ - ’ vs - v- - on r '

.. “oﬁwin order ufvtake 25°15: look atggceonea; I:1a:1 low! said i\Ick again. \c;u are going to make me
 , E k . . . ' .t , ..,
 the “am” should be dosed i°' the year‘ , qu‘‘‘t;h:tvd:;‘;>c‘xii)l‘sv 13 " iixcilughed the Scotland Yard de-
 the ‘servants, only the housekeeper, :Jannette,_ tectivc. - , i
   5i}? was pursinng her usual ‘custom “All right. Come right along up-stairs while I show'_
“P°‘?‘3:K€«1°§“‘{‘5r‘Y ‘ .3ﬁ°"“°°“ ,1“ he’ "°°m""5° NW1‘ you to your room. You shall have ample time to wagh
’§ ., , . . .’_~.“‘  , . ’ ; up and all that before I ask you any questions.”
.  it, he uttered an.-exélamation of sur-' «He had seized the grip in the meantime and wiasaal
th¢nfhe*_st_artcd» 'fo_rward__andeexten¢'ied his hand ready leading the way up the stairsaand as‘ they passed
toward the) man who stoodrsmilmg upon the ‘the open_.door of the room which Nick called his stud3r_,~

 
 

mcx CARI:-:r<"s UNEXPECTED VISITOR.

  

  

    

O!

  
  

    

   
      

 
   
 

    

    

    
   

“You will ﬁnd me in there when you are through,
I ’I'reve.”. Then he -conducted his friend to another room
and left him. ,

Twenty minutes later the Scotland Yard detective en-
: tered the study with an unlighted pipe between his teeth,
. having washed up and made some few triﬂing changes

in his clothing. ,

“I didn’t light this pipe, Nick,” he said, laughing, "be-
cause I didn’t know whether the smell of a pipe would
beagreeable to the ‘other members of the household;
'”‘l:Iut«*—--” ' o
.— “Nonsense! This is Liberty Hall. Light up._ Smoke
anywhere you please in this house. Sit over there by
the window in that easy chair. Put your feet on the
foot—rest and make yourself just as much at homeas if
 was your own. That’s right, Now,‘ tell me
xvhathappy breeze it was that blew you over here.”

9";
E:

,.

 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
    
 
   

.br,eeze at all, Nick,” was the sober reply.

.; “I hopeyou are not on somebody’s trail, Trevelyan,
‘and that I have got to lose you again the moment you
Iappear,” said Nick. “I had begun to hope that you
‘_VV€l'e here for the sole purpose of making me a visit.” ‘
_ .“Well, I am ; and again I am not. I think I will leave
'_that largely to your own judgment.”

‘_ f‘Eh? What are you driving at, old chap?” ~

g I ‘fBefore I answer any questions, Nick, let me ask you
‘.about,youn'g Maxim and his bride, who was the Prin-
 Wanda. Are they well?” j  ' V t
Thﬁ detective laughed joyously. -

--they aren't in it with that pair. Just at present they are
Ajourning in that vague place which‘ Americans call
_  West’; old Porter Maxim owns an enormous ranch
I which  and his. wife  the little one have
e‘. .

  is fair to presume that they are at least safe
, » the present,” said Trevelyan half to, himself. '
"“_Safe? '_,'Of course they are safe. What do you mean
‘ : that remark?” ’“ - _

””‘,I  tell you presently. It is just a month to-day,
"t it, since you and. I parted with each other at {South-
 You to cross to this country in the same ship
itlll-young Maxim and his wi.fe»gand child, and I to re-
.’ )9 my duties at Scotland Yard?”, _ ‘ v

., t‘-is a_fact; just a month ‘ago to-day,'_’ .
r I wonder if you know thesize «if the draft that
 Pdrterﬂaxirn sent to me in payment for my share in
" " of-ﬁndiiguliis son and resetting. the prin-
 bemore exact, for my slzarein
, y'ou«r>o‘vou?"    ‘  
  ‘In'fact,'he asked-me aboutit

  

 
 

f,

~32. I ' NEW. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

- _l;“I’m a little bit afraid that it couldn't be called a happy .

. into those particulars.”
“Well and happy,” he replied. “Talk about cooing doves_

. V  his‘, house,Vfor.t'wentyl
i " nd dollars; in your:

   
   

-¢- C. ..

I

money. I would have thought myself well paid with one-
twentieth of that amount.”

“Oh, well. Don’t forget two things: ‘One is that old
Maxim was very much pleased with your work, and was
very grateful, and the other is that he could aﬁord to
pay you what he pleased, and I have no doubt that it
gave him great pleasure to place you beyond want.”

“I thought, when I received it, that it must be" a mis-
take,” said Trevelyan, “and I cabled him to ﬁnd out
about it before I presented the draft at the banking
house.” «

“Yes. .I know that also. It pleased the old man
mightily-—your doing that.”

“Well, Nick, I want to tell you what I did when I dis-
covered that all that money was mirie.”

“I hope you didn’t go on a spree, Treve,” said Nick, V
laughing. “I should be sorry to hear such a thing about
you.” _ _
“Indeed, I did ndt. But I went to my chief at Scot- .
land Yard, and told him the whole story from beginning
to end. I had already told him much of it, of course,
but I had never gone into the details of the case with
him. I had never told him the particulars about how
young Maxim ﬁtted up a home for his bride in Germany,
how he induced her to elope with him, and how her royal
relatives descended upon the nest, stole away the prin-
cess, possibly murdered the maid and dressed her in the
clothing of the princess so that the young husband would
believe it was the dead body of his wife. I hadn’t gone

‘INC’ ?!’ 1

“A}’rid‘I‘hadn?t explained all the details of our conquest
of this old castle, either, where we rescued the princess;
where we found young Maxim waiting to rescue her—-
and all tha .” '

“Well? What is this all leading up to, Trevelyan .7”

“To this: When I received that twenty thousand

- pounds, I felt that I had an added duty to perform for

old Porter Maxim and his son and son’s wife.”
“Oh, you did, eli?”~.

' “Yes. lAnd my reason for going to my chief and giv-
ing him the details of the entire story about the atIair*
was that I wished to obtain a _vear’s leave of absence -
from the yard.” H

“Oh! I see! To blow in your dough; is thathit ?”

“No; it isn't it. You should know me better than
that.” V , I‘ . -.

‘fWell, I think I do. What was your ‘reason? You ., I
are a long time in getting to it, Treve.’’ , .

“When I had ﬁnished telling the story to my chief,"
continued Trevelyan ‘slowly, “I said these words to him: i
‘I think that theyacceptance of all this money has placed  iv.-_

*Read No. 523 of the Nicx CARTER Weeknv, “The. Man Em"
thelloorway.” _ . = ~» g  " ‘ ’.
.. ii « :1! I

  
  
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
 

 obligation upon me which I am anxious to fulﬁl,
C Chief.’

“He wanted to know what it was, and I told him that
I had a sneaking idea that the trouble from that quarter
wasn’t over yet. I told him that I knew something about
‘the history of old Graf Von Buhlmach, the princess’ un-
cle, and I had been given to understand that he was a
. man who never let go. I told him that al-
A ‘though we had rescued the princess and restored
husband and wife to each other, I still believed that the
old graf would pursue the pair relentlessly and savagely
as long as ‘he lived ;\and I closed by saying this: ‘What
I want to do now is to obtain a year’s leave of absence
from duty at the yard in order that I can spend that
year in watching that old German baron.’ ”

“By Jove, Trevelyan! That was thoughtful of you. It

was the right kind of gratitude, too.” .
- “I told him,” continued Trevelyan, “that if after I had
kept -tabs on the baron for a year and I found that he
did nothing which meant injury to the princess or to
her -husband or child, I would return to my duty per-
fectly satisﬁed-—but that I wouldn’t be satisﬁed in any
' less time than that. Do you catch the point?”

“I am beginning to do so; go on.” '

“Well, I obtained my leave of absence. The chief
agreed with me in my views of what my duty in the
matter was, and so that same afternoon I started for
Germany.” » ’ i
“For Heidelberg, for Heilbenn, and for Castle Thunder,
?.’.’,

“Precisely.”

 “And it is because you did that, that you are here
‘A “You have guessed it, Nick.”

“And that means that the old baron has gone’ on the
“_war-path after his niece the princess and the man she
 eh?” ..

;‘‘That is just exactly what it does mean, Nick.”

’ ;“Sinoe when?” . , i V
 ‘fWell, I traveled with him from Heilbenn to Heidel-
V ; from Heidelberg to Berlin; from Berlin to Paris;
tom Paris to London; from London to Boston. and

. "is at this moment at your Hotel Mammoth, rest-
up a  I expect, for he is not as young as he was
I  Nick, that old devil must be past seventy
his a day, and yet he is as energetic, as strong, as
sﬁckzandas full of ﬁre and vim as if hetwere under
 ‘ . -K ' .
“I dun’: doubt it. I am rather surprised, however, that
should’ ’ undertak‘ ’ " ethe'thingAin‘person.” I
isn't alone. He has a whole suite with him.
 my friendiin Berlin? Colonel Von

I



Boston, this morning, to New York. ‘The old ’

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 3

“He/is with him. Now understand that I would as
soon believe something dishonorable and underhanded
of you, as I would of Eitel von Uhler; but all the same,
because of his very probity, he is an easy mark to make
a tool of, by such a man as the baron.”

"I can understand that.”

“Well, now listen to the rest of the personnel of the
baron’s suite.”

“Go ahead.”

“The old duﬁer has brought only one actual servant;
that is his valet. The others, to a man, pose as members
of his suite—as secretaries, clerks. ‘messengers, and
factotums of some sort-—but in reality two of
them are members of the German secret police,
and the remaining three are French spies of the
most unscrupulous sort. They are men who can
play any parts from bourgeois to :1 Due de la
Tour; from a concierge to a prince of the blood, and
there is not one of them in the whole outﬁt with the ex--
ception of Eitel von Uhler, who wouldn’t as soon‘ cut a
throat or administer a dose of poison as to drink an
absynthe drip.”

“You give them rather startling characteristics.”

“They are correct, all the same.”

“Then do you think you have done well to leave the
outﬁt unwatched even for the time it has required for
you to look me up?”

“You needn’t worry about that, Nick. They are not
unwatched. I brought two of the best ‘shadows’ in
Europe over with me. They are both on duty now.”

 

CHAPTER II.
_ ‘rm: mission or TREVELYAN.

“Now,” said Nick, “in order that we may arrive at the
facts already in your possession, in chronological order,
suppose you begin at the beginning and tell me the whole
story from the time you left London to return to Get-
many,_until you walked in here this afternoon. But ﬁrst
before you begin, one question, Treve.-”

“Yes?”

'. ‘:1 suppose there is no doubt in your own mind what-
ever, that the purpose of the baron’s visit is inimical to
the peace and happiness of Maxwell and his wife,and
child?”

“None whatever.”

“All right. Now, let us have your story.”

“Well, as soon as I obtained my leave of absence from I

the chief, I set out at once -for Germany. I left London
that very day.”
“That is like you.” -

“I disguised myself as a peasant, as young Maxim ” 

had done in the past, and I found no difficulty in obtain-
ing employmention the baron’s estate, near the castle. "I

.3, .,.,.'.
4

 

 

  
    
  
     
    
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
   

- H

I was fortunate, too, in getting the sort of work I most
desired.”
“You mean, I suppose, work which kept you in the im-
mediate neighborhood of the castle itself?”
“Yes.” I
7‘Go on.”
\ “That done, I made use of that secret entrance to the
castle which has been forgotten for hundreds of years,
A since the time of the feudal lords and which the old baron
'- does not know about himself, but which young Maxim
was fortunate enough to ﬁnd-—you remember it?”
“I should say_t‘hat I do remember it.” ’
i “I used that to visit the castle every evening. In’ fact
I  obtained permission to build myself a small hut near
Blitzen ,Mountain, and quite near to the entrance to the
underground passage, and every night as soon as it was
' dark, I went through it to the castle.”
: ' ‘Nick nodded.

 result was,” continued Trevelyan, “that there
.1 was mighty little that went on inside that old pile of stone
:. that  didnk know about. I couldn't go there during the
da  course, but every night found me’there, and
r .‘I re"' " until the whole bunch had retired, so I kept
agrather clear idea of their doings.”

’ A.;"“Yo'u. had no difficulty in overhearing their consulta-
tions, eh ?”

_“None at all. I had only to hide myself among the
draperies-—¢you remember what a profusion of them there
everywhere in the old castle, of course.”

‘__ “Yes.” ' ‘

g ‘You will remember that at the time we made our es-
;  with the princess and young Maxim and ﬂed across
I frontier into Belgium, we thought it strange that we
ygeie not pursued—-—that we did not once. hear that the
 had even taken the trouble to chase us?”

“Yes.”

3'1‘-here‘-are several reasons for that. One was that
‘g that very night the old man had an’ acute attack
goutwhich rendered him helpless for several’ days,
 was that notyone ‘of the searching-parties
were» sent out took the" road that’ we did. They

y ..

“Now, another thing: You remember that you fastened
H 3..8e’rVing-man, named '-Emile; to a chair in the room
 you found the princess. Well, you gave him _a
V ‘or two of chloroform as an additional ' precaution,

«Ad.

 same talking, after young;Maxim ap-
’  ble of what, , l;was.said,'

>.«.," .

  

ed, we wouldgmake for _the French or the Swiss_

‘   the princess‘ away. 
'. “There isn't any use of ‘going farther into that,  '
L the old nlau succeeded in convincing Eitel  ~

-woke up, su§ﬁ~ .


E 5 , NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“So! The old baron knew then who had rescued the
princess, did he ?” \

“Yes; and, fortunately, he knew more than that.”

“What more? And why fortunately?"

“Emile heard you explain to the princess how you had it
entered the castle—by means of a rope that you had suc-
ceeded in stringing across the moat from the bank to
the castle. The baron took it that all of you made your
escape in the same way, and therefore has never sus-
pected that the old and forgotten secret entrance from
Blitzen Mountain had been discovered.”

“I understand. He does not suspect that even now ?"

“No. VVell, it was but a day or two afterll got there
when the baron sent .-for Eitel von Uhle_r to come to him.
I happened to overhear their ﬁrst, interview. It was
funny—-if one should choose to view it in that light.”

“I wonder that you did not, because of your friend-
ship with Von Uhler, call him aside and tell him the
whole story later on.” .

“There were a hundred good reasons for not doing that;
but most of all I believed that I could make better use
of him later ‘on. I preferred to let the baron work out
his plot as he had started it, rather than to have him
think up another which might escape me.”

“And you were right. Go on.”

“Firt, he told Eitel a lot of lies that were just suffi-
ciently spiced with the truth to make them palatable to
an honest man; and the substance of them was—-—well, it
was honestly laughable. I wonder that Eitel placed any
creden/ce upon it at all.” _

“What was it? You haven’t told me yet.”A

“I-Ie reminded Von-' Uhler of the ﬁrst encounter be-
tweeh Maxim and the princess—-a time when her horse
had_het:orne lamed and Maxim went to her assistaiice.” .

“Yes.”

“Then the baron trumped up a story about frequent
meetings between the pair after that, and he actually had
the gall to make the assertion that young Maxim had
hypnotized her, and having her in his power by that"
means, had ‘induced her to run away with him, had de-
ceived her by a mock marriage, taken her" to Castle
Craig, kept her there by force and against her will-
and all that- The telling of the story was a masterpiece,
and Von Uhlerpswallowed it whole. 

“After that, of course, the baron went on to say that '_ E
after the princess was taken from the place where Maxim 
had concealed her, it was thought best to pretend that 

she was ill as the result of ﬁn accident—-and then he went I 
' ‘ mi to tell the prettiest story you _ever heard of pow,-M 

gsiilvye ‘him enougli; or you  ediin that -

 
 

Maxim had" forced his way into the castle when‘ the
drawbridge was down and the portcullisjraised andihad pg _

 
   

  
 
   

      
 

‘E

l.

 

  

     
     
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
     
 
    
 
  
   
     

rincess was only sinned against and had not wilfully
\:.sinned and——here was his master—stroke.”
“Well 3", , _ _

"' (“The baron has no son—~no heir; so he promised Eitel
Von Uhler that if he would devote himself to assisting
*3 the baron in rescuing Wanda and bringing’ her back to
tmany, Von Uhler could make her his wife and he-
‘fthe baron—would bequeath all of his immense estates
and his vast wealth to‘Von Uhler. There you have the
"secret of Eitel’s presence here.”

 “R was a bold play.” ‘

' “It was a successful play.

“It was after that they began 'to lay their plans. Of
diurse, I could not hear any of their talks which took
place during the daytime, but all their consultations at’
 I did overhear. The chief of the German secret
‘police was sent for and taken into‘ their conﬁdence. He
recommended the two German spies who accompanied
them to this country. He also gave them a letter to
somebody in Paris, through whom they secured the
 of the three Frenchmen.

_« ‘What the details of their plans may be, I didinot
’  out. I could not hear all their talks together.

_ A eafter Princess Wanda. » They will steal her, and take
away—4and I believe’ more than that.” ‘ ‘ '-
“What more?” .- s ‘ v ’

. _I don't think that Eitel Von Uhler has knowledge
 ‘thi_s,,or would agree to it if he had-to have Maxwell
 murdered, unless he can pursuade Eitel to kill
M —'in_ some sort of a duel; but anyhow it is unquestion~
K‘  baron-’s, purpose to have the child murdered.”

, y  way, does‘_EiteI von.Uh1er know that there
child?’ s _p ~ .
‘flt is going-to be apart of the baron’s play to‘
 shocked by that information himself.
ﬂ- , he  g'oing..t_o useliit to madden Eitellstill more.”
flfﬁe fafvery craftygplotter.” , .. i i V

‘ _ofn’}°e right; he ‘isthat. lyiyhow, . lérepare three

_  _g,stan(1 ‘,his_way of their aaccﬂfllplishj
:j.1"‘I=.3"'¢..=-' ‘f ~‘   . .  ‘ ' ’   1

oimurdex’ the gichilcl;  if A
‘  the princess and

:
‘I.

take her  to

   
 

S.

  
       

see" “i; ‘ '  not is.

r

"_gwhich.I»know,heiint.ends to dd. if he ca'h.,an,d he

baron.”  

 *    I

at  bani-slit: j

NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 5

on that old baron. If it had not been for you he might
have accomplished all that he has set out to do, and have ,
done it‘ before we had any inkling of his intentions, for
he is a crafty old scamp. And again. the fact_that we did
not discover that we were pursued at the time we made
our escape from the castle led me to assume for Maxim
and his.wife a false idea of their safety.‘ I really sup~
posec_l_ that the baron had decided to let things go and to
make no effort to find the princess after she fled from
his home with her child. I had dismissed the matter
from my mind altogether, and but for you ”'

“Oh, drop it, Nick!‘ I did no more than my duty,
under the circumstances.”

“I think you did more than that, old chap. You did
a friendly act—-and that requires something more than_
duty.”

“He paid me-—the old man did——twenty thousand
pounds where I hadn’t earned one.”

“All. right. Look at it as you please, your thought-
fulness has probably saved‘ the life of the princess,'of her
child, and of her husband. Now ”

“Yes?” , ’

“You say you have two good Shadows with you?”

“Yes. Two that have worked with me for years in
London andon the Continent. I know them thoroughly
and can trust them entirely. They are both invaluable
in doing precisely what they are told to do, andneither
of them is worth a picayune for anything else.”

“Good! I had a Frenchman like that with me once,
on one of my European cases.” ' -

“Who was it?” asked Trevelyan. “ I ask, because
I fancy that I know; and if it was the man I think, I’
can assure you that the quality you mention was only
one of his plays. He was at heart one of the greatest
villains I ever knew, and delighted in nothing so much
as serving two masters who were opposed to each other,
at the same time.” .

-‘‘I think that is the fellow,” said Nick, smiling. “The
description sounds quite likeghim. His name was Jean
Latrobe.”

“That’s the chap!" said Trevelyan. “Now I will tell ' _',
you something more about Latrobe." 5,
“Well?” +

“He is onrof the Frenchmen who is here with the 

       
     
 

“He ‘is, eh? In that case we have got one of the I 
slickest sooundrels unhung opposed to us.”

 

I ‘.

. CHAPTER III.
. H , A rowsfn 'l:HAT,RULES~‘1‘!IE wonm. V __
_1~‘:eva,‘,“  ﬂ5l_p;p¢_’afiesh‘ and Nick lighwd am .V

 
     

' \

 
 

  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
    

.-“What is it?” asked Nick.

. _“VVhen we went to Berlin and from there to Heidel-
berg, together, you took the character of a Scotchman
friend of yours, Lord Angus MacGraw.”

»5;‘Yes.. Well, what of it ?”

“In that character I introduced you to Eitel von Uhler.
 you remember that?” .
“Certairﬂy.” ' 

"I recall that all the change you made in your appear-
_cej was to be rather red headed, to redden your com-
;pioxion'somewhat, and to wear a stubby, bristling, red
‘snnstache. . 

 “You can accomplish the last part of the disguise by
 your own mustache to grow for about a week,
mtlooloring it a little, can’t you P” ' 
 es; and I could also color up my own hair with a
I  ration I have, as I did then. But what of it?”

 3. minute, Nick. Where is Lord Angus just
_Alaska, I believe. I wrote to him about ‘the im-
itioa. His reply was one whole laugh——just like
He said that he should return to Vancouver this

i v ow, wouldn’t it possibly be a good play if

  

if  next day. in the character rofL_ogd_ Angus i'’’»
I iagewouidzv, i ~ s : I ,
  i ", I Colonel Von Uhler,’ and Eitel
Recognize yo k_t4You might do a lot of chatting
V yoiﬁknowzelahd there might be great possibili-
 with those talks, Nic 
 are right. I will doit, But you. Treve? I had
iﬁfithe moment . that he knows you like a book,"
 alifeady iuaédithgee disguises since I have
the  int! 1 shall arohably use is good
_ V rc’I am through. I don’t proposegtoglet
‘ I H   at allé-é-at least
moment.”   ix

  

  

_o I

  

 

in  Lord Angy gt-ah?"

       Mammoth. '
l-     hour’:

 
 

ﬁtiirwml I’  -

‘ autcglrpbile shortly after six o’clock, and they found the:

v- but whom you have been very desirous of knowing. I

long a time  * V
 you, Mr. Trevelyanxg We have. had some  
 “together even ifit is the ,ﬁrst.time we everhappened is
_a ‘  Yoifhave done..a lot of excellent Wt}! 
L » L through.othors; .that,lasg ~pit.was. tine. Sit down

{ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

say, we can keep them there as long as we like,” said
Nick.

“How will you do that?” ~

“By arranging to give them a little false information
about Maxwell Maxim and his wife."

“Good. Isee.”

“Now, tell me, is the baron traveling under his own
name?” 4 I

“No. He calls himself Count Epstein.”

“And Von Uhler ?” »

“He is just plain Herr Uhl. In fact, his name is Eitel
Uhl von Uhler.”

“Well, I think we have talked about them enough for
the present. Now, how would you like to take a ride
in the auto? And while we are out. we will call upon
old Porter Maxim. I happen to know that he is at his
country place near Hempstead to—day. We can run out
there in a couple of hours.” .

"Do you think it a good plan, Nick? To let him know V 1
about all this? W_on’t it worry the old chap?” ‘ “

“No. He would rather know about it; and besides, he I
is a man of great possibilities. He is as shrewd as the. . :’_‘
shrewclest, and he isn’t afraid of anything. More than I
that, he likes a ﬁght, and being forewarned he will also 7
be forearmed. He is a born ﬁghter in more ways thaw
one.” , ~ . -'

“I take it, then, thathis son Maxwell and he are con-.  "
siderably alike.” I . g f
“Young Maxim is a chip off the old block, all right.”

“A1l‘;rigl{1t. I'm with you. Let’s go.” it

They arrived at Porter Maxim's country seat in the

4 -,¢,,t,.,'

 
      
     
      
 
  

    

mul illionaire smoking a cigar on the veranda of his
mansion, which hecalled a cottage. 9 7
“Come along in, Carter,” he called to them as soon as}
he saw them approaching. “I'm glad you come down“
to see me: I’m all alone. Everybody has gone away 
left me this afternoon, and I was just beginning"to wonos
der whether I was lonely ‘or not. < Who ‘is that you have
withyou?” . g V  _ _, _ 
it Nick mounted the steps laughingly and shook 
with the old gentleman. ' .
“‘This,T' he said, “is the maifwhom you have never met

         
     
      

    
  
  

 
      
    
    

name is Penryn
name._”, ‘

“Eli? What? +r..v.w.iv»l.u, welli nu glad 

Trevelyan. Perhaps you will recall 

    
  

     
 
    
  

ef yomellrl sétt.lhome- ‘ The vzho1el«n!=sc *2 
3iou.wi_sh”..to‘n:alceiuse\,oflit." There will 

    

  

    
   
  
  
    
   
    
   
   
     
    
  
 
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
     
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
     
    
      
    
    

 

1 i think you were mighty particular about that draft
. Senfyou ?” '
 “I wished to be assured that there was no mistake,
Mr. Maxim.” , _
“Well, you got the assurance all right, didn’t you?”
a}.  old man laughed. “I cabled him, Nick, that if that
wasn't enough, he could go to blazes; and if it‘was too
_ ch, he couldsend it all back to me. I rather expected
to getgit back, too, he was so mighty touchy about it.”
““He__put it to a better use that that, Maxim,” said
tcl<.- I » ‘
.“I suppose so, He’d be a fool if'he didn’t—-begging
-p ,_ r pardon, Trevelyan..- I'm rather a blunt old fellow,
Q‘  not half so black as I am painted.”
'7“I came down here purposely to tell you what T revel-
4 did with part of that twentythousand pounds you
 him.” said_ Nick, “although ‘I suspect he would
A I would put the facts differently. Treve, you can
 a walk around the grounds for a few minutes while
tglate to Mr. Maxim something that is on my mind.
  you after a little.” .
1 ‘Trevelyan walked away through the shrubbery, and
Nick told the banker everything as we already know
; nothiﬁsa . ' ' ‘
The old.man was sitting up very -‘straight’ in his chair
.. «- .Trev"elyan returned to. the veranda. ' He had for-
,his ’cigar,»which had’ gone out’, ‘and he was as alert
he were in his own oﬂice at the ticker engineering a
t do\wn, Trevelyan,” he said rather shortly. “I am
.ﬁZlng?to make the attempt to thank you for what you
done, for I know you don’t want me to; but I ap-
‘  it; {appreciate it. Now, look here. I‘ suppose
‘iknow-_s¢)'mething about that old villain of a baron,

l

1:
x.

‘.’?‘Txod’”~ : A . A T
" know consideriple about him, /Mr". Maxim.”
téIlsx__mé he is a_~‘very- rich man. Is that

p .

 ti), know _ how -'ljIis_money‘ isiinvested ?”
don't know.  He owns .v_ast.'estates. He

4 ?1ta§a‘*¢ne.§a¢a :41 Nwrwpa: “corporations?”

' " "  tan s1'lyfindout.i1-ll’about
2 ; aigialir .1‘ idon"t ‘anti 5 way
 willpleast expect,  name

  

‘isge  Li;

we 15: the wealthiest. as. irzgtbe G'errnan,em-

I Thmbanlcers  his -hands‘ ltoglether; in7 sat-

T   war upon‘

I‘ away toget at it. I'll do itif I have to buy up thewwholjepi
, prof Germany,tolg'et‘_atphim;.i~ l3_oys.,you can talkpas much

NEWA NICK CARTER _WEEKLY. 7

‘-‘No ?” replied Maxim. “Then you had not thought of
the one way in which, with my power, I‘can make him
literally squeal. VVhile you and Trevelyan are follow-
ing him up along your own lines, I’ll take his trail in the

"ﬁnancial world, and if I don't make his American trip

cost him a pretty penny, I’ll eat my Hat. I’ll keep the
ocean cables burning hot to-morrow, boys.”

“VV here is Maxwell and his wife and child, just now?”
asked Nick.

“They are on one of my ranches; the one in Montana,”
was the reply. -. .

“Is it pretty well known about town, among their set,
where they are P” asked Nick again.

“No. _They are just traveling in the West. That is
the information that has gone out. I saw a notice in the
society columns of the Herald to—day that they were ex-
pected back in New, York again,’ this week—but I happen
to know that it isn’t true. But that is the advice that
the baron and his outﬁt will receive. Say, Carter, how
the devil did the newspapers ﬁnd out that Max’s wife is
a princess? Do you know?”

“No. Has it been found out?” 0‘

“Found out! Haven't you seen the Herald to-day P’’'

“No. I was just about to look it over when Trevelyan
arrived. There was nothing about it in any of the other
papers.” _

“Well, the Herald had it. They gave it almost a page.‘

I wish those confounded papers would let us fellows,
alone—but they won’t.’’ ‘ . _

“And you would be as mad as a batter if they did, '
Maxim. You know that. What did the article, say P"," .

“Shall I get it for you P”

“No; tell me about it.” ' A

‘_’Oh, well,‘there was a lot of tommy-rot about agreat ,’
romance in Germany which wasn’t at all true or any-
where near the facts of the case.” r e  j

“Of course.” I _ ‘

“And then it told about her being a princess, allied to 
all the‘ royal families of Europe, and an heiressto duchies, . _ 
and principalities and empires‘ too, I suppose. It said jg I33;
that she was once fbetrothed to a crowned head and broke 
the» engagement because‘ of Max ;' and—well, isn't that '3
enough ?“ It made me sick!” I . ' iv A

“It sounds rather as if it were inspired,” replied Nick, .,
“although"I_can’t just now see what the objectywould be.
Can you, Treve?’_’ '

‘/‘No; Still, the old baron is a sly customer.” .

“Sly, is he?” exclaimed Maxim,‘ “I’ll make him shy:
before I am through with  in make himshy of a
few millions-—of every cent of his fortune if I can find

  

  

 
      

‘ “““'“’?-“""‘-‘i‘; 

    
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
    
     
 

only aside-issue. Gold does the real work. I'll break
that baron for this !"

1 Nick laughed heartily.

,"I wouldn't care to have you for an enemy, Maxim,”
he said. V

at ;‘'No; and I wohldn’t care to have you in that position,
her,» Carter. But thank God we are friends-—and
good. solid friends, too! Eh?” .

“You never said anything truer than that, sir !”

_ gl‘I know it; and between you and me and Trevelyan,
 make that old baron look like  cents.” _

CHAPTER IV.
» p .'l“HE OTHER sum or THE STORY. I

I ’ as inst-noon of the followingvday when Nick Car-
‘  in the character that had been agreed upon
V ecu  and Trevelyan. walked in at the lobby of
¢at[hg0tel_ in New York which we designate as the

 and down the corridors for a while.

313 at the caié, and in this manner he spent rather
A  an,hou_r and hadlbegun to think that he would
ﬁt to meet Colonel Von Uhler that
‘ I the two‘ came suddeulytace to face directly in

desk." ’ I -  " ‘

  

  

_'ﬁrst advances. and so he looked hiin calmly

    
   
   

n;etbefore.. *  .
VoaaUlz'ler give a start andrstop in his ._track_s,
51¢ did‘ the same. thus the German to
I A styariinpg.""’ I arr; sure,
otnevrhere. ebefore; " Ahpnow I have
 MacGrawp,ar_e L-ymJynbt3,” ,
’  lck.jjn:her;_coidIy»; Bndiithenﬁgisifaee

  
 
 

    

    

  

  het~n§ore- than 3 mean

 

he visited the fwritingrroom. After a little he ~

' There are always ‘too many around to interfere with 
‘Vparrt~of’.1\iick’si game   the German to . I

. without so much asia sign that; they r i

" ctwgg  gmy ggcretary? YES? .H§';-a,cute one:-. .

Ito-.r'ny club to call upon me P”

A ‘C°l°”°I. ,v°“'  A “on the walls ther °; eh? I enjoyed them hugely.  r

« member that.”-
° asked rue a good many leading questig>_ns.that._ni'ght...
.. f-“About the princess-—~Princcss“ Wanda von 

* niecepof ‘Baron Graffg K 
.:gardf‘_abducted from her }.uni:le’s«ca;;stIe,’?.   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

connection with the rescue of the princess; but he only
laughed and nodded; and then he replied with a shrewd
wink of one eye:

“I suppose I did. It was all very funny. I like ad-
venture, you know. I am always doing queer things.
I believe I have earned a reputation for that sort of thing,‘
in fact; but that was the ﬁrst, last, and only time when
I entered upon an adventure since I have-been Lord An-
gus MacGraw, without knowing in the least what it was
all about. Possi M you can tell me, since you refer to
it. Let’s sit down\o’rnewhere and talk it over.”

Nick Carter was’deIighted.

He had been wondering how in the world he would
be able to bring Von Uhler around to the subject he
wished to talk about without exciting suspicion, and
here was the subject now thrown squarely at him by the
other man. ‘

They found a corner where they were alone and seated
themselves side by side.

“First, tell me how it happens that you are in Amer- v
ica,” said the detective. “I was just strolling about the 
hotel, wondering if I couldn't meet somebody from the
other side, when we came face to face, you know.”

“I came over with a party,” was the uncompromising‘ .
reply. i I I

“Oh; you travel in parties, do you? I don’t like that.

     

what a chap really wants to do, you know.” is _
“I made some inquiries for you in London, Lord An-—» 
gus,’f said Von Uhler. -  ‘ ‘‘
‘lDi,d'you, indeed? So sorry I wasn’t there. Should‘
haveybeen, delﬁhted to entertain you." M 
“It wasn’t exactly with the idea that you would enter—_.
tain l,_me that I looked for you,” replied the German. .
“No? All the same-—--—” ' I ‘ I
“I wished to ask you some questions about that very
affair to which we just referred.” ‘ , ' *
“Oh! You mean that chap Trevelyan,

     
     
  
   
     
  
       
 

who posed 

  
    

c

, .,;¥¢s.t Do you remember the night you cameyith hm.

      
 

“Perfectly well. What a.ﬁne lot of sketches '-you 

   
  

    
   

‘(I have recalled the fact since that Trevelyau

   

    
 
 
  
 
  

   
 

 so? ‘What about? sat?’

on Buhlmach-;-iwhom’ you: ‘

  
   

  .

    

   
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
    
     
 
 
  
 
   
   
   
   
  

eyes ﬂash as if with anger‘, as he replied hotly, although
in a subdued tone: '

“I think there must be some mistake about your iden-
tity, sir. The Colonel Von Uhler to whom I was intro-
duced in Berlin was at least a gentleman. You are evi-
ilently an impostor, and a cad, or you would know better
than to make such a charge as that—to me, sir.”

V He turned on his heel and strode away; but he had
not taken three ‘steps before the German was after him
gyvith a_ bound.

“ “Lord Angus!” he exclaimed. “I, pray that you will
accept my apologies. Permit me at least to explain.”

“ "~2 Nick stopped and turned upon him coolly. Then he

said:

* “It doesn't seem to me as if an explanation were pos-

sible. However, Ilwill listen. You have made an ex-

traordinary statement, and if there is an explanation to

ilccount for it, I should be exceedingly glad to hear it.”

i" ‘,“WiIl.you resume your seat?”

“ e“Ye_s-—for the present.” ~

V “Do you remember that you said only a moment ago

t you entered upon an adventure in company with

Trehelyan without in the least knowing what the adven-

 Jfcure was about?”

,7 “That soundsito me. more like a question than an ex-

‘ '_ planation, sir.”

I “ you will reply to my questions the explanation will
 ea ‘er, and you will understand better the mistake I

have made and how it was made.”

“Very well, sir. Go on.” _

“You have admitted that the man who posed" as your

 at that time was no other than Penryn Trevel—

,?an, 3 king's messenger, and also, at times, a detective,

_ven’t you ?”

,§fY'es.” y

."Do you mind telling me how it came about that you
'tted such—-such a circumstance to exist?”

“.1 won't mind in the least telling you after I have
: your promised explanation, provided it is a satis-
ﬁlnory one; but I want .the explanation before I reply

o»

'5You consented to that imposition, however, did you
'57.’ ', I '

7 1“Yes. For a joke.”

’ Vltppnqved to be much more than 7a joke.” I ,

it‘? I haven’t yet discovered just how it ‘did, sir.”

’ ‘ he never give you.a,n inkling about what that

 to ‘be ?”

 Irhavaalready repliiedpto‘ that question. ‘I did

%mfWe' seated ourselves.” '

you travel with Trevelyap to Heidelberg and to

   Buhlmach? It is
illhau-l¢rwv%g;in.”EsI811i91!-7’ , .

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

M.

“Oh! yes.”

“Did you not see the interior of that castle, Lord An-
gus ?”

“What the devil— Are you going to insult me
again? I never saw the castle in my life, sir, when the
drawbridge was not raised and the portcullis down.” A
statement, by the way, which was strictly true.

“I see, sir, that it is only an additional altront to you
to pursue this topic in the manner I am doing it. I
will ”

“I am glad, colonel, that you are getting wise to that

fact, as they say here in America,” was the dry response, '

or, rather, interruption.

“Lwill tell you exactly why Penryn Trevelyan visited
that section of Germany.”

“I wish to Heaven you would.”

“I don’t suppose you are overwell acquainted with him,
are you ”

“I never saw him in my life until the very day we
started on that trip to Germany.” ~

“Humph! Well, he went there for the sole purpose
of abducting the princess to-whom I referred a moment
ago when you got ang1'y—and somehow he made you an
unconscious partner in his schemes and an unknowing
conspirator with him.” ' .

“You don't say so! Well, I like his cheek.”

“It is true, sir. He used you as a cloak by which to
hide his real "designs. His aim was the castle of the
graf; his object was the Princess VVanda-—-and he suc-
ceeded in stealing her away from the protection of her
legal guardians.”

"Eh? What’s that? Do you mean to tell me that all
alone he broke into a icastle that is one of the strongest
old forts in all Germany, and that he carried a princess
away by force, and without her consent? My dear sir,
with all due respect to you and your informants, it is
evident to me that somebody has been making game of
you.”

“Wait. I will tell you the story.”

“I wish you would do so.”

“More than two years ago there was attending college
at Heidelberg a young American of vast wealth. He was
a handsome chap, daring, and, as I have said, vastly rich.
His father is a great banker in thiscountry.”

“But what has all that to dcr———”

“One moment, please. One day, when Princess Wanda
was riding with a party of friends—I was one of that
party-—she fell ’behind the rest of us. Her horse stum-
bled and became lamed, although the princess was not

hurt. The young American to whom I have referred.
entered upon the scene at that moment, and oﬁered his

services. In that manner the two became acquainted.”
“Jove! ,That’s a dandytromance. I'd like to have been

in on that !” I

“After that, these two met frequently, presumably by,‘

   

 

  

it 2

accidentat first, but afterward by design. The acquaint-
ance ripened into love; but of course the American under-
stood that no matter what his wealth happened to be,
hevzrould not aspire to the handeof a German princess.
_'Being an Englishman your———”

V “I’m a Scotchman, sir.”

" “It’s all the same. Acknowledging the rule of a king
yourself, youcan readily understand what I mean.”
‘:-“Yes.”

-suaded the princess to elope with him, and when he had
obtained her consent to the step, he leased andfumished
a beautiful place for her, where they‘ afterward‘ lived
W-under anassumed name.” a » °

,,“You don’t say so! Right there in Ger ”

4;. “But here is the point, sir,” interrupted Von Uhler.
  “The young man did not dare apply for a marriage
 license; he did not dare to use any minister or priest
,.of the éountry, for fear of being found out, and so he
g imposed upon the princess a man who represented-himself

V‘ as clothed with authority to pronounce the marriage cere-
§.mm!y.a2
A “Great Caesar! A princess, too 1” g
i “Of course, she knew nothing of this.”

‘$1 should say not. But go on. Do.” -

‘ jg“, f course, the time was not long before the princess
  Her place of hiding became known to her
tussle, He was forced to use strenuous means in carry-
  his rescue of the princess, and I regret to say
 ifidoing so a young woman who acted as her maid
was imfortunately killed. Butthe accident resulted in
:the'maid'_s death was made use of. The body was dressed
'/ the clothing of the princess, ahd the false husband

allowed" to see it.” . ‘ .
 ‘ t_____” ' . I

 

 
   
    
   
    
  
  
    
    
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
 

  

CHAPl‘ER V. l

,1 oniusxxno 'rHEﬁsAnoN’s.rLo"rs. A

 you tell in:-sir, is the most amazing thing I

T  ;.But,'what I cannotfunderstand as yet is
heie‘Icomeinonthedeal.’’ .

I am coming to that.” p

it QhJe,';A11.-light” .  W ‘T f

"Y "w’iii;perhaps’_!':ot sympathize with’ what the old
You Buhlmach did after that, but you must under-
 il  ifrornai line of feudal

 been aceustoinéd for centuries to taking
 their   when one of

e   Th iofﬁthebarliarian

H,  naengm of life
 ~   ‘I‘here,.arc many,

 
  

  

“The upshot of the affair was that the American per—.

‘  becinngade tosuﬁer. ‘The baron is such -/

 “It.look's very much that way, sir. Itis 

NEW NICK CARTER \VEEKLY.

.“Yes. I know it. Go on.” ‘

“When the young American returned to his home
where he kept the deceived princess /and saw the dead
body of the maid dressed in the clothing of the princess,
he believed it to be the princess, indeed. He was per-
mitted to approach near enough for that; and then he
was arrested. Later, he was shown .proofs, made up, of
course, which would have established his guilt of the’
crime that had been committed—he supposing the victim
to be the princess.” _

The supposed Lord Angus nodded‘ silently.

“However, he managed to make his escape almost at
once. Afterward in some manner he made the discovery
that it was not the body of ‘the princess he had seen.
He found out that she still lived.” I

“Go on,” said Nick, when the German paused in his
story. '

“Right there, sir, my deﬁnite information ceases. It is
supposed that after he discovered that the princess was
alive, he determined to repossess himself of her again,
and that to that end he visited England, where be secured
the services of this man Trevelyan, whom I had the mis-
fortune to know well at one time.”

‘ "lAh! I am beginning to see it all now.”

«lg...» ,

“And, also, the young American millionaire must have
sent to the United States for an American to assist Tre-
velyan, for it appears that there was a man mixed up in
the affair who was named Carter. Probably you did not
meet him, sir.” ‘

4...’

“I was with Trevelyan, There was no third member A

of our par'ty——as you ought to know.”
“Well, Trevelyan and the American found a means of
entering the castle. One of them—the American, doubt-
less—-threw a rope from across the moat, over an image
on one of the towers, and by that means they climbed
across. At all events, they found the_princess, bound
and gagged her attendants, and took her away from the
castle-—-and they made good their escape to this coun-‘
try?’ '
_ “You don’t tell mel _Anyhow, it was a plucky thing
to do; eh? And the princess must have come away from
there willingly. Don’t- you think so?” ‘ ‘

“It is’ possible, although I am not sure about it. More ' 

thanlikely she was drugged and brought away by force.
But whether that -is the fact or not, we must not forget

who stole her away, and,

that-—at one’ time, at least--she
loved him.” ‘

princess from the castle happened while I--happened with .
my unwilling and unconscious assistance?” a

 
 

‘.‘That’s.so. Do you mean to assure me, Colonel Von A
Uhler, that all that you have told me about stealing the A

3;:

  

<

that she believul herself toibe the wife of the man . 

       
      
   
 

    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
    
  
  
 
 
    
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
 

;_  never suspected what he was-—what Trevelyan was
h to,”

.“It *is~ra'ther strange, isn’t it? So that -is why you
- -ght I was a party to the abduction, is it ?”

“Yes: Do you’bla.me me, sir?”

.“Well, no. I can’t say that I do, colonel.”

“And now will you accept my apology?”

“’5Certainly. Forget it. But look here.”

 I”, a

‘That all must have happened about a month ago,
n  it?” ' ‘
,“Yes.” \

“Did the young millionaire——- But, of course he did.
ur something about it in one of the papers yesterday.”
“Ah. The article in the Herald. But what was the
—- ion you were about to ask, Lord Angus ?”

I was going to ask if he brought the princess to this
try; and what had become of her since that time.
_ she is here, of course. The paper said so ;’ and it
,also that there is a child. Eh? What? You saw
didn't you ?” '
;"Yes,\I saw the article.”

 it stands, to reason that the young chap has
,that marriage good, doesn't it? Even if you are
t—-.—which I doubt for some reason-—abou\t the first
%ir  a fake. Don’t you think he has done, in that
- 8 E°°d’?” . '

“Yes; but even _so, that ‘does not atone for the original

as. .'

c you sure tliht such‘ a wrong was committed, Colo-
Non Uhl?”' ' * , V -1

am so informed on the very best authority.”

If that authority, happens to be the old barbarian
- I should take it with about a ton of salt, if I were

I 7  don’t suppose he would lie about it, do you ?”

i think that a man who would murder an unotfending
and dress her body in the clothes of her mistress,
I who afterward would manufacture evidence to ac-
another of the crime, would not scruple about a
set  in relating the story to you,‘if he hap-
mo have any object in deceiving you. Will you
'  1, if _'I ask youa few very pointed ques-.
 ' the motive ,of,friendship ?”

if I  upon your discretion concerning
ve already told you.’’. ‘ . ‘ _
A ‘i  I'll promise youright now~that if
g ’I'In,opportunity to do‘ so I-will stand the princess’

I  gun ﬁreshand ‘I'll help anybodyto
“ I‘ wrong; he:-,:or who has wronged her.

   

yourself, aren’t you? You need not answer.
in fact, I saw it from the ﬁrst.”

K‘ _ the thing that they call on this side of the water‘

gether as man and wife, and acknowledge themselves as '\
such, in the State of New York, are legally married, and
nothing short of death or a divorce can separate them,
either.” »

.qt¢stions.”
eh P” —

.  used theplural in a peculiar way. Are there more in‘ I ,
. your partyithan yourselfand the baron?” » .-

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 1:

‘‘I’m rather a blunt sort of chap. Don't forget that."
- “All right, my lord.”

“In the ﬁrst place, you are in love with the princess
I see it—

“Well?”
“Has the old baron promised you that if _vou take her

back to Ger-many you may marry her yourself?"

“That is rather a personal question, but I will answer

it. Yes, he has.”

“And I suppose he will leave you his entire fortune

as well; eh ?”

“Really, sir ”

“Say yes. Don’t get hot, now.”

“Yes, then.”

“Well, sir, has it occurred to you that such a thing
would be impossible~.—unless somebody should con-
veniently put the present husband out of the way? Mur-
der him, in fact?”

“But——” '

“I do;1’t think there are an_v buts, Colonel Von Uhler.
That is a plain statement of fact, is it not ?"

“I suppose so-—if there has been a legal marriage since 2
they came here.” -

“In the first place, Von Uhler, I believe that there was
a legal marriage from the beginning. If you are inclined
to_ make a wager on the subject, I'll lay you ten thousand

pounds English gold against as many German marks,

which are worth about twenty cents apiece, or something
less than a shilling, that I am right. In the second place,

‘u

men do not deceive'princesses with false marriages.

Sometimes a shop-girl, or a girl who has no protectors, -
falls into a-snare of that sort, but I have yet to learn

of a princess who has done so, and it is not logical to

suppose that this young millionaire to whom you refer

would even have thought of such a thing. But, anyhow,
' no matter what is said, they are married now, all right.”

‘.‘I don’t know that.”
“Yes, you do, too. A man and woman who live to-

   
  
  
      

 

“Is that true?” . , .
“Sure it’s true. Now I am coming to the rest of my .~

“Well, sir?” .
“ suppose you are over‘ here looking for the princess, ."

“Frankly, we are.”

“We, eh? ‘Is the old baron with you ?_”

“He is with us, but he is traveling incognito.” _ =
“To be sure he is. Why shouldn't be? But again” I

 

   
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
  

   
  
    
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
     
  
  
  
 

  
 

“Several more. Five more, in fact.”

“Huh! What are they? Thugs?”

“My lord, do you suppose that I—~—~”

“Certainly not; that is, not willingly. But don't [you

 think that it is quite as possible for you to be imposed
upon concerning the real object of the old baron’: trip

‘to this country, as it was for Lord Angus MacGraw to
fall into the same sort of a trap ?”
' »“But in my case ”

“Pardon me, but in your case you are blinded .by the

/

 

‘A little god; and he can take the cake when it comes to
; throwing dust in a mau’s eyes. You are in love, and you
., would like to strangle that young millionaire because you
f have been led to believe that he has wronged the woman

to whom you have given your heart.”
Von Uhler made no reply to this.
~“Now, look here, colonel, supposing you should sud-

 V denly come face to face with the princess. Suppose you
-V should tell her all that you have just. told me. Suppose
‘i she should tell you——as I believe she would do-—that it is

all rot. Suppose she should tell you that she has been
the young fellow’: wife from the very first; that her
‘uncle had persecuted her; that she was a prisoner in the
castle of the old baron, and was there treated with great
"cruelty; suppose she should tell‘ you that she adores her
husband‘, ‘and that he makes her life perfectly 1iappy~—
-would you do in that case?” e '
“I 'don’t know. _I do not know.” _ /
_‘‘_;Pardon me, but you do know; or if you don’t kno
what you would do in a case like that, I know for you.”
 Stillthe German made no reply; and Nick continued:
7’You would fall on your knees and ask the pardon of
ths';pri_ncess for ever having thought that wrong could
evenltoueh her; could live in-the same atmosphere with
You would——but what’s the use of all this? It is
..C3l¥<1id Opinion. Von Uhler. that you are being made
tool ‘of for the purposes of a selﬁsh and savage old
 ,,bate'T." I told you I was blunt.” '
.fYou certainly told the‘ truth about _it.’_’,
"Sure; and I usually come pretty near to hitting the
 on the head, too. And now there is another thing,
that you had best be on your guard against”.
, " is that, sir?” - ‘

u

 ; VI. wouldnlt E afraid to bet that the old baron
been  upon your feelings until he has got you .

 yourself——and I think

i ' that is precisely
 is, Von Uhlet-..’? ‘ A ’ ‘

‘IA  I criarraa 
  ru:sr.mvi:. A i
.“  ‘ this=1'atl_1cr emphatic

*2

 to   he dis» -

no ,

3  

 where you are about ready to kill the husband !

 

,NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

was already so close at hand that for the detective to
avoid the meeting would be impossible——-even had Nick
desired to do so; and he was not quite sure in his own
mind whether he wished to greet the graf or not, just
at that moment. "

However, there was no help for it, so he sat still until
the gigantic figure of the hard old man loomed in front
of them. , ,

It was the ﬁrst knowledge that Uhler had of the pres-
ence of the; baron, and he started rather guiltily, a fact,
which pleased Nick Carter, forihe saw in that motion
the evidence that the German oﬁicer had been impressed
by what the detective had said to him.

The baron was a man of massive build. It was evi-
dent that he was descended ‘from a line of giants.

It was not that he was so extraordinarily tall, being
probably something beyond six feet; but it was the
massiveness of his proportions that impressed one.

His shoulders were ponderously wide; his chest bulged
like a prize-ﬂghter’s, and was wonderfully deep. Every-
thing about him was big, from his leonine head, with
its mass of iron-gray hair, like a mane, to his thighs and
feet; and although he was doubtless past seventy years
of age, Nick had not a doubt that he still possessed great

* strength and remarkable agility, too.

His countenance was of the same general cast as his
old (chief, Bismarck; his eyes were penetrating and fierce,
and‘;_ were half-concealed ‘beneath shaggy, overhanging
brows; and Nick realized as he looked upon him that
here was a man who had never acknowledged any law
that was greater than his own iron will. I

He came directly to the corner where they were
seated, and stopped; and’ it was then that Von Uhler
looked up and discovered him.

“I have been waiting for you, Eitel,” he said coldly,
in German. A ‘ ~

The younger man started to his feet.

I “Ah, yes,” he replied. “Lrnet with an old acquaint-

, ance; Permit me to present him to you, please. My lord,

Angus MacGraw-y-Count Epstein.” It will be remem~

bered that Trevelyan had told Nick that the baron was

traveling under the name of Count Epstein.
' The baron bowed coldly—-frigidly, in fact.

“You are a Scotchman ?” he said, in English.

“The name should be sufficient warrant of that,” was
the reply. _

“Arid are here for some time? . Here in New York, I
mean 3” '

“My stay is rather indeﬁnite; but I doubt if youwill . 2.,

see me after to-day.” -

,. ‘Then, suddenly, and rather to Nickls surprise,‘  
,baron became very gracious. The detective was instantly I 

to discover)‘ why. -.

"I suppose you visit this oouxitry frequently?” helasked, .
  _a griinace which"'did duty. for a‘ smile.‘ I

\—v.

     
 

 n

   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
    
  
  
   
  
      
       
    
    
 
    

I ‘It has been said of me that I know this country better
 in e the other side,” replied Nick Carter.
n "Then of course you have many acquaintances here,
3» .
“Yes: A great many.” And to himself the detective
ht: “Now, I wonder what the old codger is getting
, ?”
,‘I have been thinking this morning,” continued the
"n, “that I would like to make some arrangements
a banking-house here which does business in my
V try. I was about to ask some questions at the desk.
-I I possibly you can supply me with the information 1'
‘fOh,” said Nick, “there are several large banking-
«<_eg~ ses in the city which have branches all over Europe.
re is J. P. Morgan& Co., Kountz Brothers, the Selig-
=- , Porter Maxim & Co.; and there are smaller houses,
Any one of those, wouldbe glad to arrange your
»: facilities for you, count.” ’ ,
‘Mmmm! Yes. Thank you. The names are known
me. Do you happen. my lord, to have an acquaintance
the head of any of those houses?” ‘ .
know old Porter Maxim quite wellwthat is. as well
person can know him who has seen him only occa-
- y. in the line of business, you know.”
Yes. Yes. Mmrn! Thank you, sir.”
"Would it be any accommodation to you if I should
' Vmy services in conducting you to the oﬂices of
° e 81 Co;§ If old Porter is about,‘ I could pre-
 you to him." '
"_’Why, sir, if it would not be too much trouble--_——”
ii‘N'o trouble at all, count; on1y——if it is your wish to
 to-day we must start at once. There isn't any
 time as it is, sir." ,
"Thank you. Yes, I would’ like to go there now.
y,oujaccom;':any-us, Eitel ?" . _
Uhler hesitated, and he glanced sharply at Nick.
thetlight of the story he had just related, to the
-  peer, he could not at all, understand
 palpable suggestion fromlhimﬂthat the old baton
 business through the father ofthe
_§' rhaulwhohild run away with the pr-incess——and then
 thathe had.Jnot'riientioned that young
  qx_-e1n’embered,“also,;that “Bord
 himself spoken of  seen the article
I tinted in the»"H?raId the preceding morning.

j  ,«he,di<t not 1n:derstand“it,i but,he'rep1_ied.

  

'*€!lw|.<l_£0withth¢=nI  

 to;Broad Sttjéet. and "a little before
.     of Potter Maxim

gum , p in   ‘-‘to, 

   

NEW “NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I V’ “No.

  through the sub?

Wﬁr“ *i‘.**l“‘t P“’* ‘

H3

ness of the old gentleman. The only real danger in the
coming encounter was the possibility that Trevelyan
might be with the banker and that thus he and Von Uhler
would be brought unexpectedly together.

In the main oﬂice he inquired if the banker was in
and he gave his card to an attendant——-that is one of the
“Lord Angus” cards that he had provided long ago, for
use in this character--and he rather ostentatiously scrib-
bled upon it with his pencil.

He correctly guessed that the baron would suppose
that his penciled lines were merely a request that he
might be permitted to present two friends to the banker.
In reality he wrote only three words. They were: “Car-
ter.” And beneath that he'wrote: “Be cautious.”

The attendant returned immediately ynd asked the
three gentlemen to follow him, and they were ushered in-
side, where to Nick's relief he found the old banker alone
in his office. He was standing in the center of the room
with one hand resting upon the table, and he looked the
personiﬁcation of an ideal banker who is waiting to re-
ceive honored guests.‘ ‘

As Nick entered with the baron and the colonel,
Maxim took a step toward them and said quickly: . _

“This is an unexpected pleasure, Lord Angus. You
have come just in time, too. In another half—hour I 
should have been gone.” i l

“Ah, Mr. Maxim, so glad to see you! '1 have come
to-day for the purpose of presenting these gentlemen.

Let me introduce Count Epstein, of Berlin, who desires
to transact some business through your house. And ‘this
is Colonel Von Uhler.”

“Be seated, gentlemen,” said the -banker. ‘.‘It is a

pleasure to make the acquaintance of friends of Lord-
Angus MacGraw. Have you been long in the city,
count?” '
We arrived yesterday. I have some letters of_ V
credit here which I‘ would like to place on deposit with ' "L
you, sir ;” and the baron drew them from his pocket and
passed them over to the banker, who glanced through
them and then touched a bell at his elbow; and then for a
few moments the time was taken up with the formalities
of opening an account.

“This is a wonderful city of yours, Mr. Maxim,” said
the baron, after that was done. “I am charmed with its
sir." \ I A '

“No doubt; most foreigners are. We are a very ‘fast’ I
set over here, however. We don't do business as they
do in the older countries.” I 

Mrnmm!" mumbled the baron; andhe left his chair
and oﬂered his hand to the banker. . .3’

I “I will not detain you any longer  he said, in lfm _ 
most pompous manner. Then to Von Uhler: ‘‘Eitel,iI_’~* ‘
think we had betterbe getting back. Lord Angus, Iain
greatly  togxou. .WiilA—you   -us, 
“,_‘___rI_‘.,,-I   V .1‘  V  .1 .  .2»!

   

   
    
   

    

  
     
 
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  

“I am not going to permit you‘to drag Lord Angus
way with you if he will remain,” the banker inter-
rupted; “and I should be glad, count—-—and you, also,
4:_oih:nel~'-if you wouldbe in less haste.”

“ﬂu: thenbaron had evidently accomplished the purpose

M gone; and the result was that, two minutes later, the
5‘ ikerg and Nick found themselves alone-and the
Ttévelyan stepped out from another room and joined

h‘!’~" said Nick, “I had an idea that you might be

It is lucky thiit you thought to get out of‘ sight
A Voi1‘Uh1cr saw you. He sure has got it in for
bout that abduction from the castle. He charged
withA_it,ptoo; but I got out of it; and now he lays
whole. thing to you and a‘ fellow. from America

rter.” . ‘ e e i

s ﬂtelwofdi ‘caution’ on the card you sent in that
me. 21 knewithat something was up. How in
if did you manage to induce the old-‘baron to

ﬁidn‘ i it   come at ‘all. He asked me to

tied: orja  fﬁebegan by asking me ahout

  

 ‘But he jumped for that like a‘ trout
" and I very.  yoﬁeresdf to bring him

" :1

at?’  Vi  has ‘ broken
7 fanytime that he

  
 
 

I  =ha:l'r¢=v

NEW NICK CART

, his call, whatever that was, and was now in haste to V

general and remained mute until’ I mentioned l

 i— 4 Will; Yhu tell me what ‘name you used in that 

it 3  w was stopping’ hereiand when he
. ‘theyijquestion I

u
1

ER wEEi<LY.

 

If either of those men I brought down~town to-day

should get an idea that you are in town they would ,
tumble to the fact that /they are watched. And we 7
don’t want them to do that.” I

“I won’t let them, see me.”

“See that you do not. Now, has Maxim communi-
cated with his son to-day P”
* “Yes.” . ‘

“What is the reply?” ‘

“Young Max has no idea of returning to town for
another month.”

“Is his party at the ranch in Montana?”

“Yes. But they are leaving there"to—day for another
ranch of the banker’s in Nevada.”

i “Do you know why?”

“No. V Only a change of base, I supposeff V

“Well, Trege, we must not let the baron and his outﬁt
get out of our sight at a1l~—-not for a minute. Since I
have seen the baron,I have come to the conclusion that
we are up againht a tougher proposition than we sup« My
posed: He’s a crafty old chap and as hard as nails; . Q
More than that, he has as we1l~deﬁned idea as to what he p A
is to do ‘and he intends to do it, too. Here we are now. 
Get into some sort of disguise and go with me to the 
Manimoth, forI want to tall: with those two ‘shadows’ .7:
yoifehrought over with you.” «t 

   
   

g. ‘ V _....__.
. CHAPTER VII‘.
e THE BARON MAKES ms saconn Move.

   

‘x

    
   
 
 

  

’ _.There was a surprise in store for Nick‘ Carter when
he arrived at the Hotel Mammoth accompanied by
Trevelyan, who was now. in appearance merely an ‘Eng
lish tourist who had not one characteristic appearance,
about him’ to connect him, with the personality of*the7
shrewd Scotland Yard detective. :
Nick,‘ also; had done-away with his former disgu
and ‘appeared now in his own proper person. Howev ‘
‘ as_ he was passing the desk, one of the clerks called [to
e (him and then drew him aside. ‘ ~

    
  

    
    
   
     

 
    

“Mri Carter,” he ‘said, “you were in here ‘today
_weren’.t ‘you-—-in disguise ?’f y T
“Yes, Tommy. Why ?” _ V4
7 a “You nodded to _me and I guessed that it was 

     
 

  

 
 
 

  

~s‘~"Lyord Angus ‘Matthew. V Why 3"  .
V » :_‘§_Well; we/have h‘ad.lséveralv‘gues_ts here ‘since yestir
‘"day.'“iw;h_oi;.have»gone away father suddenly. Aboutﬁagt
’  done of’thetn‘came to  and asked me if A

   

     
  
 
  
 
  

    
 

    
 
    
 

.p e:nb¢tOdAthitf,,h¢l;WaS.’a—cha V
_ ﬂy _soIp—ut.twol.a_nd’ 
“ thatfjh was  

    
 
 

    

 
 
 

    
 
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
    
    
      

.~,, .
.‘.

 

,'f‘I told him that Lord Angus wasn’t stopping here
 now, but that he was in and out all the time, and
he asked me if I would give a note to him. Here it is.
I suppose it is for you, isn’t it?”

“Yes. There is no doubt of that.
ommy.” I

‘ ‘  opened the note and read:

Thank you,

“‘MY DEAR Loan ANGUS: I regret that I shall not
have the pleasure of talking‘ with you again. The things
you said to merhave impressed me more tlian you can
-~ . A sudden change in our plans has renderedit im-
E gtive -that we leave the city at once, ~and_I have no
. _, of the time of our return. But I shall look you up

tin Landon. Err:-:1. Um. VON UHLER.’
I

 you, Tommy,” said Nick, again ;i then he
-- to Trevelyan and drew him aside. "I

A Read that,”‘he said. '

7Trevelyan readthe note and frowned. -

“Where are those two ‘best shadows in Europe’ of

etc is one of them seated over in” that corner, ap-
; as if hewere half-asleep- I don’t know where
,is my opinion,” said Nick, “that this one is en-
A asleep, and that the other one is dead. Anyhow,
.. are no good. What is this fel1ow’s name?f’
-;‘l'Ci-a ” '
 the other one--what is his name?”
 seem._to be well named, Treve. Come along.”
1:‘  in his tracks and crossed rapidly to the
here’ the ‘shadow?’ was seated. _
btree,” he said, in,a tone which made the man
 of the peoble you are supposed
the_de:}il are yqmf-_ was thereply.

as am-your’ .9*=ief~f°r the present- Here is Mr."Tre-
« .. ﬂow  my _questio_n._’' . , »
 I are upvstairs  'roon§s,. I suppose,”
 suppose! .Don'tVyou know 2'”.

 “isg it? ‘_.Weii, let metell you something.’ You
‘   you have been sittingiihere, asleep,
_    havegbne, ,hook,'llin:e, bob,
'i:'f':e'3'I§i.*‘!f"¢d‘*?‘T¥¢Y°’Y311ei’  .. x v e
  foﬂ’. ‘ T?“-'V¢§"' ht  “ iv; him

.

 .»  felt  _ that you 

 
  

NEW ‘NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

’ ‘down’ here. “ Ctaw waits ‘up above. _ It is up"to“

 ‘too;  yoé-do not  there ~
 Lord. Angy. Bntthe point is that the baron and 

15

of you, you’ll be sorry. If I should tell you all that I
think of you, you wouldn’t like to hear it. But it is my
opinion that you and your pal have deliberately gone and
sold out to the other side. If I had proof of it I would
make you wish that you had never been born. Now,
get! And if your face looms up in front of me again»
I’ll smash it !” '

Nick did not wait to hear what Trevelyan had to say
to the man, but turned away to the desk again and
sought Tommy.

“How many are there in that party that left here?”
he asked.

“Eight. An old count with a guest and a valet, and
ﬁve others whom I don’t know anything about.”

“Have you any idea where they went?”

.“No. Perhaps the head porter ” ‘

“.Wait, T0mmy.- I can’t spare the time to run around
from one to another to find out about them. I want you
to set all the machinery of this hotel to work at once to
ﬁnd out all there is to know about them, and each one
of them. I want to know where they went; if they all
went together, and what the destinations were. How
long will that take?” ‘ '

“Half an hour.”

“I'll wait right here in sight of the desk.”

Trevelyan and the detective seated themselves together
to wait.

“Do you guess what has happened?” asked Nick.

“No. Do you?” A 4 \ V_

~‘‘Yes.’’ . ’
\“What is it P"

“The baron’ has set some machinery of his own at
work as soon as he arrived here, and by that means {he
has found out several things.” / "i i :5

“What?” I I 

“He has found out where‘ young Maxim and his wife _ A
are now. I think he knows’ tharas well as we do. He I i};

 

I has" also been smart enough to ﬁnd out that he and his _ ‘'1

party were shadowed. I haven’t a doubt that he has 
brought over a shadow or two himself, whosebusinesgvit ’
is to hang in the rear and ﬁnd out if the old baron 
watched. Anyhow, he has discovered your two 'éi{- A
perts (l) —-and he has bought all the information they 4,‘ 
had togive.” _ l I ° ' 9
. “Jove! Nick, do yhu‘ think that?” ’ ‘
‘ “Yes.” I ’ 4

   
  
        

  
    
    

“Then Von. Uhler’ knows that I am here.” ‘ g , ~
V “Without ‘a doubt.’i ‘ ' ' i 
' ‘y_‘And'thatyou‘——-—-” _ t ‘ ‘ 
“No. Your ‘ (lows knew nothing about my disguise‘; I"

      
     
   
  

    
    
   
    

"outﬁt have eluded us. They have got away without g_i.V'‘sV ‘'
usthe leastiideh  4 4 H

i i ‘ .l;pqw'._Ivh§l’oI 13.0 1001: for them. Nick.” A  -V

‘ f°r'dm’.i“iih°§a'3"'ph°°. 

W:

   

  

I6



  

   

 

  

 -: - zj  I _" ‘ v‘ .-  1;, r 

New W NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 

  
    
 
 
    
   
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
      
  
 
  
  

  for young‘Maxim and his wife; but we “Certainly.” I
on’: know what the baron is up to in the meantime. “Then let it go at that. But look out for yourself,
a suit a minute. Here comes Tommy. He has found out Treve.”

ailbmething by thisﬁtime.” “Why? ,What do you mean?”
‘ 9:" clerk came and dropped into a seat beside Nick; “Don’t forget that your two shadows betrayed you.

V heillrboked inquiringly at T}'evelyan. Don’t forget that the baron and his party know now
7?},-fetysyv 311 right," said the detective_ “what have you that you are on his track. Don’t forget that he has got
out’ Tommy 3" two of the slickest men of the German secret police with

him, and don’t forget that he has three of the best and
most unscrupulous French detectives in his party,
either.”
. ,, , “What in blazes has that got to do with me?”
G°;‘0‘§'did,i.¢%??neC::::'  abbut it ,, “It has this to do with you: If they can ﬁnd a means

 “ » C _ ' _ of having you detained in New York, they will do it—-
= 3‘ we" take“ t° the steam” ‘*1 tw° °3’“3g°5' A » and they won’t be overparticular about the method of do- 1

7 b.ag.83g¢'wag°" took down ‘the. trunk" The ing it, either--not even if it comes to a rap on the
5 are here in the house now, and they saw the heady

yhoard thtisteamer. Not one of them -came ashore «Nonsense! Pm notafraid of that.»
"" i ,, V 7‘-‘Which fact makes it all the worse for you. Look
"W335 313» i5!1’tit?"  ’ out for yourself.” _
‘  y . ' . V ' V “I will. But what about you?" 9
‘ €33 Teznmy, they have fooled you, and they think “It isn’t likely that they know that I am in the game 7 ,3
L fooled me; but they haven’t.’-’ a L ———but all the same I shall act as if they did know it, and _‘_. 3
3  that may didn’1;‘3ai1 3” . as if :I were aware that they know it. Don’t miss that 
 what I mean.”»  5 _ i eisfggthiﬂx tgin-”h th 7 h d ma 
 ny.___b___»y : i ‘ f, atisla ut _t 6- seven time you ave sai t.. 
’ i  an diﬁerence what the driver say. I i“’°“"i mi“ ‘'3' . . 4 ‘I
‘if  a party “Md; an: thét !“See that you do not-_-for if you do, I shall go on 
{that  sail aid so under the  of the “*§,“°“‘ Y?“ A, , _ _ ,, 
I  hm? ‘H t,i‘¢ “ﬂy that was “IG:ivIe‘Irif:t1('?!hu‘t1r‘il"v=e‘c;’c:i‘tsilieygbafxfoiixiiaggizdiﬁjwant to‘ '
  I;"“°*f):‘;’k  call it mgr. I realize" what we are up against with that ; ’
_ gov‘;-:rﬂ:¢’.l ha added’ turning to. outﬁt‘.-. You «do not. ‘Ly
  tact.” . 3  s

 entire party sailed at ﬁve o’clock this afternoon,
4_ y I Cavanoeria, for Liverpool.”
.?Ratsi,sTommyl They didn't do any such thing.”

 

        
     
 
  

  
    

, _ —-—u—-w-

 
    
 

‘old had’to.<1eceive"V'.:g:= ' CHAPTER V111-
 £'V¢9‘"Uh."-"' _h3<H’13d_3"Yiid°3 A cU'rrnRo.Ar wxrrt A PRICE. V
Nick Carter arrived at the Grand Central étation at 3'7 “
V quatter—past eight and beganto look about him at once
 for Trevelyan.‘ ‘ V ‘ X y _ ’ V T 
" The time lacked but ﬁve" minutes of the depart_ure.o£ ’
_the train he wished totake, and he had begun to iegl
some anxiety about his friend, when a strange 
,. occurred. It did not impress him‘ particularly until i
~   was -on they train and speeding toward Albany-but then
 J , it, suddenly’ pcqurred y‘to_hixn that, something was 
a   e The in¢id€nt4was.tl:is= ’. e s  ' e

   gate   

   
    

 

      

   
      
 
 

    
   

 
    
 
   
    
 

  
  

   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

aside was a long coupon ticket which read to Bel-
, Nevada, and with it this note:

_  NICK: I can’t get to you for the train. Here
 your, ticket; Go ahead on this train; I will follow on
‘ e next one. If I do not overtake you in St. Louis,
eh word, or wait for me at Belmar. 4

“TREvELYAN_.’

The detective gave the boy a quarter, jammed the note
his pocket, and hastened through the gate and
def the train. A

It happened that the train was very light that night,
that the sleeping-car he boarded was lighter still.
’:f3Ct. when Nick entered the smoking-compartment at
' end of it, and lighted a cigar, there was not a person
one entered either, and after a moment the train
the porter came in, looking around to see who
g  and Nick said to him:

i _ are running out rather light to-night, aren’t

, , , You is‘ about dc onliest passenger we has
tgw who’, it" w. .
? ’Do you mean to tell me that I am the only
 ..on this car?" , ‘ A
A su_h, lderé was another man here jest befo’
ch5>ne;started.‘..i.He'gie¢3ne his grip to hold while
ekgto  socnethingior other; and
tj   do -last "car as we
vipf out, still. {Ifhe did, suh, you two will be
ones in de car. sure ’r.iuff-’.’

   

  

   

circumstance when the man""he*  been talking

  

¥t_W?U,i““""?W shave Br*"s=32=a~a else 9,‘

héfligd gust perceived the fact that there

.r .0. Q’ ~.~.‘  2 H H; I V: ' ’y . - ‘

’  ( >Nick‘;-.;and ‘smoked on.: .
 for me,” continued. the
 i  telegram that I
' » "’  back» int¢.t**=.,8ta.*.i°'*-*.¢>.“*'i
‘ l i in ae9:o£bci1!B-1e.ft-

  
      
  
    
     
     

NEW nick ICIARTER WEEKLY.

my had hardly uttered this explanation of the I

  slightly ioi-eignlac- ’

taught?-Vt5_¢'.‘*T3l11l'l5)’ thﬁﬁki“ °5 W t.°°‘h- N°M.A_.nd will, there was a something about the stranger
H a  it in silence forsa while,
' fatg. . .. N .1.

 us’ the smelting-compartment, ‘he I

, initlut 

 



“Going far P" asked the stranger, after another pause.

“Yes; quite a distance.”

“St. Louis?”

Nick nodded.

“So am I. We might as well be jolly together since we
are alone in the car? Have a drink, sir? I have some
excellent stuff in my bag.”

“No; I thank you. I don't use it.”

The stranger shrugged his shoulders.

“It is odd,” he said presently, “what a lot of people
there are nowadays who don't use liquor. Will you ac-
cept my card, sir?” I

He took an elaborate card-case from his waistcoat
pocket, extracted a card, and passed it to the detective,
who could do nothing else than accept it; and by way
of response he said: ' » '

“I don't happen to have a card for you, sir; but my ‘
naine is Nicholas.” _

“Thank you, Mr. Nicholas. It is a pleasure tome to en-
counter some one to whom I can talk when traveling in
this country. I suppose you have noticed from my speech
that I am not a countryman of yours; eh ?” .

“It is hardly noticeable. You speak English per-
fectly.” L

“Oh, yes, I speak it well enough; but there is a cer-
tain twist of the tongue that I can never get quite right.
I am'a Frenchman, as you have guessed from the card
as well as because of my pronunciation; eh ?”

“Yes.” ;.

“Have you dined ? There is a dining-car on the train.” I

-“Yes; I dined before I left the city.” ' ’ ‘

Nick was rather unresponsive to the stranger's
vances, and there was a reason for this. , g

The instant theman entered the compartment, Nick ,
had been impressed with the idea that there was some-f 1
thing about him that was: familiar, although ‘as they.
tallcedgtogether, this impression was gradually dissipated, ' '

    
   
     
     
    
     
    
     

3.57.9 i

     
   
      
  
  

which the detective did not like. - _.
-He was altogether too ‘smooth, for one thing. He 5

was in too great haste to become acquainted; too precipi-

    
   

Nick found hirnselfelondering if by any chance tl1=’aT.s"7
stranger could be one of the Frenchmen whom the baron ».
had brought over with him., ‘ ‘ a‘

[He was sure the man  not Latrobe; but, then,
Latrobe would hardly have taken this assignment, it
fellow? was one of the haron’s men, because 
knew he, was known’ to Nick Carter and that“ he
gould not lmnerto  him by any disguise he 

  
  
 

  

. ‘But there viereiwol amapraama besides  V,



  
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
     
    
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
  

. 3.3;
‘stop until Albany is reached; and the two men remained
I  the smoking-room together until they ran in at that
station.  , .
When the ‘train pulled out again, the porter entered
the compartment once more.
_ “I’m sure in hard luck this night,” he said, with the
freedom that Pullman porters often. assume. “It has
never happened like this befo’ since I’ve been a porter.”
'_ ‘_‘D_id you get any passengers here?” asked Nick.
“‘No, sir; not one.”
' “Well, you can make up my berth when you please.
5 I shalliturnin soon.” -
- , ‘J ‘ “It is all ready now, suh,” was the reply.
 Fivelminutes later Nick bade his companion good
night, and went to his berth.
’7 . _There had not been a word, a gesture, or a thing about
, ,the_ stranger to add to the suspicions of the detective, and
  about made up his mind that he was wrong
 he‘suddehly remembered the circumstance of the
receipt of the note and ticketfrom Trevelyan.
, g‘—‘I wonder,” he asked. himself, as_he climbed into his
berth, ‘fif anything has happened to Treve? Now that I
think-of it, I don't know that I ever saw a scratch of a
pen of his handwriting, with the exception of his signa-
_ ;ture..that 333,5 appended to a typewritten report of his
’ tliat  read once about that,other case."
‘ ’But Nick was tired and sleepy, too, and he turned his
" fa_ee.toward the window and speedily dropped asleep. -
,~,His.ﬁrst recollection after that was in starting awake
A, in the night, to feel that a hand was stealthily
 over the blanket under which he was lying.
_ H0 waited for an instant without moving, in order to
 ready to seize that hand so he could hold it; but
 of hesitation gave the owner of the hand the
Q€pportunity he was  , -
‘A  hand  quickly upward; wiry ﬁngers of un-
strength  the detective’s throat and choked
 pad at the same instant he felt the prick of a sharp
« ,  his breast, and a voice whispered threaten-
 in his ear: M I ' V
931$ strnggle,ol' attempt to 'utter a sound, I will
__ I t_l§i_I,*dagge1‘ into your heart.» I have done the same
'  Nick Carter, and I-knowhowl’
35th of N ick’s arms were beneaththe blanket, and so
   handicapped. He couldnot raise
time to defend himself if he had tried, and there

 

‘r-.

_    upo_n\Ni ’s throat, but he
 remove his=ha!l$i5 8.nd~after a moment he said :_

‘   car, Carter. W~are_
'   the conductors will
  again _for;m9re=than”"an hour, and I

 

 
  
      

y

 

\ you, Nick Carter?”

 forwhiuxi to do but lie still and await a bet- .

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

so that he is sleeping soundly. In a word, you are at my
mercy.” '
' “So it would appear,” replied Nick, who was now per-
mitted to speak.

.“Do you know why 1 am here, and’why I threaten

“No; that is a detail which you have forgotten to ex-
plain.”

“Or why I will not hesitate to drive this dagger
through your heart it you attempt to resist me .7”

“No.” .

“Or why I have been selected for this business with
you?”

“No.” -

“I am here because I have been well paid for coming,
and will be better paid when I have succeeded in my
mission.” '

“Oh, I have no doubt of that.”

“And I was selected because it is known that I am as
strong and powerful——even more so-as you are.”

“Really! You surprise me.”

“I am a man who works for a price.”

“I should have guessed that much.” V p

“I do not deny it. I have been offered ﬁfty thousand”
francs—-—ten thousand dollars-—if I give my employers

proof that you are dead. You happen to be in their

ayf) ' ‘
’r“I happen often to be'in the way of a good many
people.”

 “I am prepared to make terms with you, Carter."

“Oh, are you?” ‘

“Yes. Every man has his price.’ I have mine.”

+ ‘‘You seem to have several of them. VVhat is this
particular one, if I may ask?” -

“Youobserve, do you not, that’ I hold the dagger at
your throat? That my other hand is prepared to choke .
you again? You observe that?"

“Quite plainly.” ~ 7 -

“I could kill you very easily; with ,a pressure-—so!-‘-
only a trifle harder;" and he jabbed the point of his
weapon through Nick's skin. “Then-pouf!——your light
goes out like a candle that is what you call snuﬁed; no?

- And in the meantime I hold you thus with my other hand"
so that you will not cry out when’ the dagger enters your
heart, and so that the blood willnot muss things; no?
You comprehend, monsieur ?” ' »

“Perfectly.” V

‘ Therelis nobody_ to oﬁer to disturb you until after seven

o’clpck in the morning-and by that-time I will have 
left the train, changed my disguise, and disappeared. :1. -L;

Poufl :So! You comprehend; monsieur ?”
“Yes.” . “ '
“You observe how easily it is done?”
. “Yes.” "

 

“lifter that I pull the" curtains together and leave you.

 

    

     
 
    
   
 
  
    
    
   
  
 
    
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
    
    
  

, .'\..

' {And you have not forgotten what I said about the
thousand francs? No?” I

 you remember, also, another.» thing that I said,
'“ M msieur. It is that I have a price. You have not for-
en it? No ?”

q--——

_ CHAPTER IX.
STARING DEATH IN THE FACE.

“You might save time,” said Nick coolly, “by explain~
’ 5313 ‘few words what you are driving at.”

“You are right, monsieur. I will do so. You are‘
-~ a rich man.” g

- t remark has been made about me,” admitted

\ V '

“our life is valuable-—to yourself; no?’’

1:. so." . .

For the moment it belongs to me. I will dispose of
v: is, I will sell it-to you; you understand?”
at is nice. For how much?” i ,

Ah! but there are conditions in addition to the mere

4- l‘.gYou are a bargainer.” _
noun’ inf. You have said it.
a ion. A bargained’, ~
 pride  the conditions:-—what are they ?”
,which I‘ will spare your life is ﬁve
'._of’your'do,l§ars. I think! youhave the sum
5 ifnot, youfivillilcnow how to obtain it.”
on accept s price} no ?" ,,

‘ A‘ ” inithie matter. What are

You have the

\

to have ncnchosce
 er’.  1
 give

  

 word of Nick ‘I

" sad that 1 know whatthe wordof Nick Car- I

 -I, would not.bargain»withfyou in '

giyqfnne your word  when‘ I draw 
  59!*¢ki9S*9°l"P3'“‘?€“F. ,x°s‘=th..er *0

' i you  not. attempt: to retaliate~ upon

‘dognpéthing to change in any way what

conch   * I .  var-i= *li¢‘9th°rS?" e is

V ig‘,on1y~oi:_e..other.. It -is ,t,hat‘_you hide

‘   .that..-you intake no sign
'  p '5*you are alive, _twopmonths'.

   

      
       
      
 

     

   
 

}

NEVV NICK VIACARTER WEEKL‘Y.

 1 “Year 1_aej'.‘pcp:s¢q.'.,l~"what have you to say abqu
gnq»,3o:x._-:‘ g " - ‘  i .. ..

» 3 '

19

“Well, you will observe, monsieur, that there is al-
ways a risk when one stabs another. If I kill you I as-
sume that risk. If I let you live, there is no risk.”

“You are very farseeing.”

"Om", monsieur.”

“All right. I’ll——”

The detective got no farther than that. ‘

He had been watching all the time for the slightest
evidence of relaxation of the vigilance of the French-
man and he had kept the conversation goingfor that
purpose. Moreover, he knew that the fellow would judge
others by himself, and that he believed that Nick would ‘
cdnsent to do exactly what he himself would have done
under similar circumstances.

Now the instant came when N'ck Carter acted.

Notwithstanding the proximity of the dagger; not‘ ‘I’
withstanding the fact that the Frenchman’s hand was still .
at his throat, Nick took chances and made the move he
had calculated upon. '

His own hands shot upward with a sudden motion and
came full into the face of the Frenchman. It is true that
they were under the blanket, but the principal object in
this move was with the blanket itself to force the dagger
to one side or backward, if only ever so little. 7

At the same instant Nick’s two feet plunged forward,
and they struck the Frenchman just where he had in-
tended they shoulde-below the belt. .

The effect was as if the man had been hit with a clu . l_

He reeled backward with a groan. The dagger fell 
from his grasp; and the next instant the detective had. 5*‘
leaped from the berth, and with one well-directed blow.
had ‘stretched thq Frenchman senseless at his feet.

  

 Nick took the ‘time then to reach for his coat, train"

which he procuredftwo pairs of handcuffs, with which -.
he fastened his late antagonist. I ‘ “
 that" he left him lying where he was until-he
had pulled on part of his clothing; and then he carried 7
him to the empty smoking—compartment, dropped him;
upon one of the seats, lighted a cigar, and calmly waited‘.
for him to open hiseyes. I e . 
4 He didvso presently and stared around him for‘a mo~
ment, in a surprised sort of way; and then, recollection
returningtto him, he smiled deprecatiugly upon aides
tective, and  ‘ I‘ g I ) « " -
f‘There has-been a change in the market, nxonsieun;
;Niek_'eould not suppress a smile himself at that. 
fellow’; irnperturbable cheek was amazing.. 4-- -V

  
     
     
       
   
      

   

   
    

  

‘ “Ifmerely wishto congratulate. you upon what has hep‘:
P°“°;.a3.‘??‘°nsieur.”  * ‘  . j -
ﬁat _a1!,?, If,   .. I sti11,.hm,ai.pri9e

   

    
    
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 

"I, always have a price, monsieur. But now I fear
"that there are no purchasers.”
V ,"That might depend largely upon what you have to
‘dispose of,” said Nick dryly.
V“Ah! you are thinking about cutting my throat, or
— sparing my life—or a price, monsieur ?”
“Not at all; but I am in the market to purchase some
information which you may have to sell.”
“Excellent. I had not thought of that.”
"1 W0nd€r,’’ Said Nick musingly, “if you could tell the
truth if you made the effort.”
., , “Oh, YES, monsieur. To be sure. It is not the truth
 that I deal in mostly; but I know how to make useof it
. ‘when it is advantageous. What is it that monsieur de-
. “sires ?” I
 I “Who was it who sent you to kill me ?” asked Nick.
 “Monsieur forgets. He has said nothing about the
‘price as yet.” .
g "The price is your freedom—and if you are quite frank
and tfuthful. some money. You will have to be con-
tented with that._ If you do not answer my questions, I
will call the conductor and give you in charge. You
will be turned over to the police at the next stop.”
t‘monsieur,” 7
.‘,.‘~Baron Von Buhlmacfi.”
“Ah! You know his true name and title, I see.”
T'Yes. vwhere is the baron now?"
:‘fHe left the Permsylvania station at ﬁve o’clock, en
route for the West.” ‘,_ '
ffwhac part of the West .>"
"For the same station to which your ticket reads,
Inonsieurf’ _ . x L V
{flow do you know how my‘ ticket reads?” ‘ ,
‘I have seen it. I myself placed it in the envelope
 the messenger boy delivered to rnonsieur at the
+_‘_5,You did, eh? I expected that there, was some ’i:hi—
 about that. Where is Trevelyan, if that is the
klionsieur Trevelyan was lsleopinig when I left him,”
suaye reply. ' g . ,
  in any way?’’.
fat all. There were no such instructions con-
, w_ was it, that you were told to kill me,,and_ not to
r  »  . -
was probably forgotten at the

I

111031811.

 

e. , Q

    if‘? i. ‘)9 i

     

«

   

l

 
 

‘“It,Was my employer who sent me here to kill you,

 Ifterthouglxt,gsuggested,byone of my col-‘

NEW NICK CARTER" VWEEKLY. '

“Where did you leave Trevelyan, and what were the
conditions in which you left him ?”'

“At a house in Bangor Street. The number is 45. He ~
was tied in the shape of the letter X to a bed. He will
be detained there until orders are received from the
baron respecting him." -

“Is that the truth?”

“That is the truth.”

“And he has not been injured in any way P”

“Not seriously. He has an ugly bump on his head.
Otherwise is all right.” ' ‘

“Where is Latrobe?”

, “He is on this train with us, monsieur."

“In one of the other cars ?” -‘

“Yes.”

“He did not dare to undertake this work that was
assigned to you, did he 7'” I

“No. He feared that monsieur would recognize him.”

“As I should have done. I remember you now, too.
You are Lefevre.”

- “At monsieur’s service ;” the Frenchman bowed.

“What a cold—blooded scoundrel you are, Lefevre!”

“Monsieur compliments me.”

“Where are the others of your party?" .

“All the Germans are together. Duclos is with them. i
" Lattobe and I are on this train.”

'?I‘VVhat is your plan, in the VV est ?"

l‘That I" do not know.”

“It is to abduct the princess, isn't it?” ~

“That has been the plan from the start’.”

./“And to murder the child?”

“That has also been the plan from the start."

“And Mr. Maxwell Maxim—what of his fate?”

,“He is not to be permitted to live. Beyond that; I do
not know. It is my opinion, if monsieur wishes to hear_
it, that the old baron has some pet scheme of'his own
concerning thedisposition of the young millionaire. I
might guess at what it is, but I could not say positively.”

“Let us hear you make a few guesses, then.”

“I think, for instance, that the baron also desires to
‘rid himself of an encumbrance; a gentleman to whom he
has made promises which he has no desire to fulﬁl."

“Von Uhler P”

“Oui, 5n0.ns1'eur,”

“Go on guessing.” _

I .“I think that the baron has a plan whereby Colonel 1‘ ll

Von Uhler will be angered into slayingthe young mil-

lionaire; that after it‘ is done, Von Uhler will be appre«- ._ 
hended for the crime and will suffer for it. The has-on,".  I

if he ‘were not so big, would have made an excellent cap-
tain ofAcutthroats—professionals, I‘ mean.”

“You seem to have an excellent opinion oflxim. a
least.”

4
- I

I. I‘ 

    
 

,.“l."axn nota ‘stickler for moral»; momsieur, as you 

  

I“

    
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
  
   
   
    
  
   
    
   
     
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  

L e observed, but I am a saint whén compared with the

Nick laughed.
“How did you discover where to look for your vic-
?"'he asked. .

‘Ah; such is our business. Latrobe’s, Duclos’, and
e. We have been everything from detectives to——-—"
Yes; I know. Now, where were you to meet the
ma again~—-after'you had killed me?”

“He is to await us at Denver—-at the Hotel Windsor.”
“And what are your plans after that?”

“Ah, sir, I have told you that I do not know. The
on is one who does‘ not tell of his plans too far ahead.”

, CHAPTER X.

I .
 A HOLD-UP AT THE STATION.

 detective leaned back in one corner of the seat in
I srnoking—compartment, lighted a cigar, and reflected;
at last, when he decided what to say to this unprin-
led scoundrel who sat facing him, he did so very de-
; * tely--and quite impressively.
Lefevre,” he said, “I wish you to listen’very.atten~
.V y to me now; and without interruption.”
0142', Monsieur. I am all attention. If monsieur,
_._¢.¥gI‘. would be so kind as to remove the shackles
me before he begins, it would be more conducive to
understanding.” 1 r ' _ ~
have no doubt of it,” said Nick,laughinig; and ﬁrst
ring himself that the Frenchman had’ no weapons
with which to make a sudden attack upon him, Nick
oﬁ the irons and directed Lefevre to sit in the far
.of the compartment and to pay close attention to
he‘had to say. I ‘ _;,
i re is one commodity in which I" never deal, even
such as you,” he said. “That is the commodity
7 I’ . [have not doubt that I could purchase
, ireachery with a moderateprice, and that you would
1 me just as long as it pleased you, or paid you to "do
but I believe. that I can make a betteruse of you
.w.ar-”‘ . ~ ‘ ’,
Frenchman bowed, but‘made no response.
 so keep" my word with you and set you at
‘ You are at liberty to leave this train at any sta-
‘ eh} I " you and Latrobe.”
‘A “ inﬁulgéd inanother ehborate bow.
"out rim hee':i'.oﬁered a pricrfor my death and you
1 as you please, to your employer, and
yhgt   me. That is no con~

 '-jinn satisfied that y‘.ou have told me as
N to    your employer as you
   upon your leaving 
 hetero 3°“ '10-.

V

s

  
  

will

   
 

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 opportunity ‘to telegrapli .
 ‘ were_/also’ of his real  appearance, gov

.\'
.

21

of this meeting of ours; but I don’t think you will do
that. It will be more in keeping with your character
that you should send him a message which will lead him
to suppose that you have been successful‘ in your under-
taking.”

Again that elaborate bow and a faint smile from the
Frenchman.

“Also, you may make whatever statement you please to
your copatriot, Latrobe; but you may add to it a message
from me. Say to him that I shall not act until I have
arrived in Buffalo; but that then I shall set all the ma-
chinery of the police of this country in motion, and that
if he is found anywhere within the limits of the United
States after that, I will see to it that he will get just as
long a term in one of our State prisons as the law will
allow. He will know what it is for. Canada is very
near to Buffalo, and he can return to Europe via Canada
without much trouble; and as for you, Lefevre——--”

"Oui, monsieur.”

“I would advise you to ﬁnd an excuse to get out of
the country even quicker than your friend Latrobe. We
will let it go at that. You are wise in your generation.”

“Om; mon.rz'eur.”

“That is all. If you will take a word more of advice
you will now get your traps together and prepare to leaye
the.,train when we get to Buﬁalo. I don’t suppose you
have much baggage with you.” ’

“No; one small hand-bag; that is all; and Latrobe the
same.”

“Then I think our interview is closed.” .

Without anotherword he handed the other a large bill,
left the smoking-compartment, and returned to his berth;

and because he knew that Lefevre would believe that he V

'_ was watching, he.closed his eyes and slept quite undis-

turbed until daylight awakened him, for he had raised _

the curtains of his windows. §
At Buffalo the next morning he saw Lefevreand La-
trobe leave the train together; and they walked rapidly

away without turning their heads. If the detective could I

have heard all that they were saying at the time, he
would have smiled.

Before Buffalo was reached, Nick had written out a

long telegram to the chief of the detective bureau at V 

police headquarters, in which he described all that had

happened to Trevelyan. He gave the address where p’ 
Trevelyan could be found and rescued, and added the ins '

formation that hetwould await him in Denver.

This message he sent back from Buﬁalo, and then We

continued on his way westward.

‘rty knew him by’ sight, when he was entirely without
iiknise, and so had "resorted to- none whatever. >

know him; and the baron, his valet, and Eitel van Uhler

....-1......

 

The detective was sure that not one of the baronfh I » ‘z

 

Duclos and the two German secret service men did  :‘i e

 
    
 

   
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   

“I ‘wish you ‘to go with me to the main oﬂices of the
 telegraph companies,” he said. “I wish to know if
any telegrams have been received here during the last
ew days by Count Epstein, and if so, what the messages
contained." ' 
L ~ that were.

 ﬁrst was dated from New York, and said:

 have arrived with Trevelyan. He has decided to
M  New York indeﬁnitely. Health is poor. May

 one was dated at Buffalo, and readzi

 persuaded Nichols”—meaning Nick'Carter, of
‘4‘to¢ remain over here for indeﬁnite time. If you
pl: the money, he will take the journey you re-

 one was; ‘
 “ T ie order
,ed«’;’V‘i

     VLefevre,iand the last

beenrltlelivered in Denver the very morningof
of Niels‘: arrival there.

received. Nichols has departed,

tunic aona:,~t1aat the baton had wired the blood-

‘ 4' ;t:onseqneritlythe old baron no douﬁt
   rid‘ of the itwo detectives for good

1'   at  ‘*;to.t-. himself that

 Yard man had  med from
_   would arrive in? Denver

;'.3t*¢I.Idd¢ljt9t  saintered

 ‘found several-some of no importance at all,~

i'nn:~I6irniscttnt,.t¢o;“iar it told as plainly as words ,

,his'“two*cuttln-oats tor the", murder of Nick ’

A , _, . . , he had merely awaited instructions that they were ready.

the two parties——one consisting of twelve men and the

  kw" Tami’ Ni°k"i_ the way, was the only lwilding in sight, Nickpurposely

 ‘big to the other end of. the station, where the"so—cal1ed 

 make any treniark, whenghe. heardsornebody moving. , 
‘yidlyitoward him, and agruﬁ  to 

 

0 I

‘was ‘secretly glad of this, for it afforded an’ opportunity

for Trevelyan to make up the lost time.

Events worked out exactly as the detective could have
wished them to do, for at the very hour when Nick was
to go to the Union Station to meet Trevelyan, the Ger-
man party was driven to it in order to take a train for
the West; and so it happened that Trevelyan merely
stepped from one train to another.)

Belmar, in Nevada, was formerly a mining~town of
considerable prominence, but now the mines have been
worked out and the town almost deserted; and that hap-
pened before the railroad had been pushed through to the
mining-town.

When the party left the train at the station from
which it was necessary to go-by stage to Belmar, Nick
was somewhat surprised to ﬁnd that the baron was evi-
dently expected, and that an escort was awaiting him and
his party.

Nick and Trevelyan had arrayed themselves as pros-
pectors, and when they left the train there was nothing
whatever about their appearance to excite the suspicions 
of ;any member of the baron’s party——and with the ex- t

e ception of that party, they were the only passengers who 

ileiththe train at that station. 

. It will be remembered that all told there were still six” V
men in the baron’s outﬁt.’ They were the baron, Von A
Uhler, the valet, Dnclos, and the two German secret
service men. In the party that came to meet the baron ,
there were also six‘ men—l-big, swarthy, evil—look-ing men _ 
they were‘, too, who would have passed muster for ideal
road-agents in earlier days.

i In the outﬁt there was one buckboard, drawn by a pair]
of half-tamed horses; and there were saddle-hor s for 1.
the remainder of the outﬁt—--and Nick unders now
for‘ what the baron had ‘been waiting in Denver.

In some manner the old fellow had made arrangements
for this band of outlaws to meet him at this station, and. 

 
     
     
   
    
   

    
   
  

   
 

When the’ train pulled away from the station, leaving

      
   

other of only two-—standing on the station, which, E’

     
   

   
 

turned his back toward the other party, and then stroﬂed

   
   

 waiting. . . ‘ , .
Itwas atwo-seated lbuckboard, drawnilzy a pm at

bony ponies,.with a driver who was qiiite as ‘I

the detective  not approached him near‘  m

   
      
    

‘$393. tivxrtaaervlsnvorri ~w

    

    
   
  
  
   
      
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
    
  
   
    
  
   
   
 

V cad): had him covered with the muzzle of a big .45
t, and was smiling across it into Nick’s eyes.
It wasn’t a pleasant smile, either.
f‘Stranger,” said the man meaningly, “three of my
 have got you and your friend covered, same as I
Ive. Jwt take your’ ﬂippers out of your pockets—-
. ty——if you please. We jest want your pedigree;
’s all.” V _
_.;ick., smiling; and at the same time complying with the
That, partner, don’t happen to be any of your dog-
~' ed business jest at present. All I want to know is
,ere are ydu from and where are you going? Answer
questions and there won't -be no trouble, I reckon.”
ell,” said Nick, “if that interests you, you’re wel-
Me and my friend are late ‘from Denver, where
Mote grub—staked for a trip through the old mining
‘ H V V south of herd; and as tokwhere we are. bound—-
_ '9" jest a—goin’ to ask this here stage-driver that same
_,  Is that satisfactory Z”
"reckon so. No offense, stranger-——this time.”
 to be mighty barticular about folks when
ow  here,” said Nick, with=a laugh. ‘I didn't
 :_reeded‘;a.p'assw<$rd to crossthe border
 nowadaysr‘ L It wasn't necessary when I was
Math I " ‘ . x
 shrugged his shoulders, and, dropping his
 [their holsters,lhe  to the stage—driver; ,
 Madden,” he said coldly, “you know me."f"g h
e:>»”§7m‘th¢ i‘‘‘‘i‘‘‘i;’.§P1§':.»‘. , J i  a . . .
. 3‘-lookin‘? for a .prmn3se_ from V you; Bully.”
is it‘,"P__ete?i Whagdo yuh want o’gme ?” ‘g
_ V k   delay your departure from this here
  you can do it,‘(iBully?”
,I‘ife!: rI\Idthing7easier.Myhamess is out uh

>-

‘I.

  

T  L. 
hf¢‘2i1?eve I t?I‘s°  4%?”

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘f‘How does my pedigree concern you, stranger?” asked

23‘

beard, until they were half-hidden in a cloud -of -dust half
ajmile away, “that we are good‘now for a two hours’
wait right here; is that so, Bully Madden?” ‘

“That’s about the size of it, stranger, if anybody should
venture to inquire,” was the reply.  ..

“Who is Bully Madden, anyhow?" asked Nick, afte
another pause, and smiling rathpr derisively.

“That’s me, stranger.” ‘

“How’d you ever get such a handle as that tacked
onto yeh ?” M

“They used to think I was something of a, scrapper
around these parts. That’s how.”

“Oh, they did, eh? Did you ever look into the'busin'ess- ‘
end of one of these things during the time you was‘
called a scrapper ?" And as Nick spoke he quietly drew
his own gun and leveled it straight for the stage-driv'er’s
heart. V i "  .

“I have,"'was the calm reply. 4 _

“Then I don’t suppose you’d have any rooted objecé If j
tions to starting away right now if'I should’ ask you to i

._ do it; eh ?” smiled Nick.

n

“‘Nope. But all the same, I wouldrft advise it, stran—i;

1)

ger.

“No? Why not?” »
“You don't know that feller who asked me to wait, do
you‘?’.' _ V V ’

“No. Who‘is he?"

‘ “Black Pete Gay. He's got a ranch over in the Smoky.’
He's the bad marrof these‘ parts. It ain,’t like it used to
be around here; but all the same, Black Pete don’t‘all_ow? y
no difference, and .he'd jest as soon lay out a‘ feller now i A
ashe would have done ten years ago—-—or twenty, or’ ~ is
thirtyf’ *' ' ‘ ' . - ‘g t .. 

Nick put away his gun. ‘ i ‘  i
“Do you know anybody a13ound.here named
he asked. l . _ _ '   
“Yep. The ranch-house is ﬁfty miles from here.” A  7
“Anywhere near Black Pete’s”place ?” . ‘V ' i

."Matteroftwentymiles,“rnay :23.“ ‘X  h
h g "1‘tnywher¢ Where youdrive that stage ’to}” ‘L , 

. “Nope.  the same distance from there as from
here.’’« '  ‘~ ~\  

‘ A‘‘‘A1l right,” Nick. ’ “Now. let me tell,"   M-
 away,  ,

\,

    
     
     



       
 
    

  

I

  

    
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 

   

ANEW' NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 get out of Black Pete-—I’d offer you a cold hundred “All right; say it,” replied the detective.

d9llzrs,in cash to drive my friend and me to Maxim's “That baggage business of your’n and a few other
 right away-—-start now; but——’’ things tells me that you’re out here after Black Pete’s
“Say, stranger, hold on a minute. Do you happen to scalp. I reckon that's. so, ain’t it ?”

not}! that?” ’ “You can call it that for the sake of argument.”
Ilorvanswer, Nick took a roll of bills from his pocket “Well, there ain't no sort uh use in my trying to drive
aﬁldvdisplayed it. Thenthc said: ' that stage any more so long’s Pete is on top of the
A “If you had any sand you might take ﬁfty of it now earth, and so if you’ll accept my services for a few days,
 other ﬁfty when you delivered the goods; that is, I'll jest enlist along with you and take my chances about
you put us down at Maxim’s ranch." gettin’ a head on him when it comes to a show-down. I’d
3?ho't8tage~driver reached out his hand. feel that much surer for the future if I knowed he'd
 take it." he said.‘ I ‘ ' swallowed one uh my own pills, than I would if some-
_ about the sand?” asked Nicky. body should tell me about it. Is that agreeable?”

 that. too.” » .p “I' guess so. What about your stage?”

_ about that harness that is out of rkilter ?” “Oh, the stage-route can go to thunder until this busi-
W . «is all fixed. I've been ﬁxin’ it for the last five ness is settled. I don't ask no pay moi-e’n you're going
T p .-  to give me-«and, besides, I reckon I can be of some ‘
&l}.rig'ht;»h:eret..is,<your ﬁfty. How soon do you think help,VI know all about Black Pete and his gang.” 
tatgmake  ranch?” . ‘ “How many men has he got?”

' ; if 'it~;wasu’t’ for that baggage’ of yours, which ffAbout twenty-ﬁve, all told.”

I ‘ I 4 I "»‘.‘Ax-e they all like that outﬁt we.saw ?”

 
 
   

  

__f,V¥"'.*»e". , ; . u it
E Ill:1“1eaive,the baggage behind. Those bundles “jest about.” ' - ’ 
 b*‘t'“3 fa” b!’i¢k3 Md‘ Chlmkﬁ 95 W°0d- I “How many cowboys has Maxim got here on.tl1is’:: I

   . . I g . ‘ ranch?” * _’ I I  . 
3 5:‘ ‘y°“i thg“ 3“  dﬂk t°'“ight"’ “Well, when they are sill together here there are twenty I ll‘

  

  ﬁght i‘°“l;§»"' ‘aid Nicl‘ th°“3l.‘t' o thirty of them; but jest now they're pretty well scab '
 "°“-i‘“"°°°d  taking °E °f that t tered around the country, and I don’t suppose there is an
  d91..l3’:‘ mpme ‘~m°“'.‘.t' ,N°W 5l.3’“" many as ‘ﬁve right here—-if there is that many.” ' T V
°4‘”‘?‘,"“.‘F‘°’t*“'? "*'¢",5"i”8.i“‘ 5‘ 8*“°P “"038 “All right, Madden. You shall be one of us; and you
..   3”” .“°“t° “"3” will be paid for your services, too.” V A

   aw mh-“I pﬁiyi _ I -, I “And now, sir," said Madden, ,“if you could tell‘ 
.k   9£itl‘i‘.‘7""’ ml’El_°'°d ti” something about what the game is, it might be that I
‘   ’ could suggest ‘something. I ain't asking no 
I     ti???‘ 311:", on accountof curiosity, stranger, for that Y5 a thing
  A-7* "  7|  M in don’t fool much with around here, but all the same, ‘at;
 .Fo‘t*tun'ateYy“the I said before, I,‘l<now Pete and his bunch, and it’: likely
 of -iground for  that I could make a good guess about what they're‘ 33

      
 

    
    
 

    
 
 

  
    
  
 

    
    
    

   
   

  
  

‘ I the’”t<_:__ught  seemccnovl. going to dovif I’ knowed--2-".‘ , V. I
I’  bun  behind  ‘- lf‘That's all right, Madden. Young Maxim is here with.
" ‘ e  to his wife ahdbaby, isn't he?"  » '  -

 
     
    

 
     

   
 

3 .1’. “Y§[}.”   , .
I’    *.'w.eu,,. that old iduffer you saw with Black 1:
 ”l1ere:to_ste_al Maxiin's’_wifé; Tmurdcrtlte baby. ind ‘
e- Maxim  ofthe tusjaz as  t’9a~‘ 

’   .  .__  Thife

 
  

     

    
     

    

.we'i_re xowevent 3:...

     
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
 

 ‘name is Nick Carter. I am-——
"TVIIOH Nick Carter? Are you the chap what took

Chick from these very parts long about——let me see

V -- -o years ago'; hey‘?”

§“Yes.”

“Shake, stranger. I've heard about you and Chick.

‘tie to you. an right, and you’ll ﬁnd that Bully Mad-

ain’t no slouch, if you "did think he didn't have much_

« I Now, I’ll tellyou something about what I think

_Pete will be up to—-maybe this very night, for all

“wen?” , . .

13:’: a matter oftwentyimiles from here; perhaps not

‘ _‘I-Ie’s got at least twenty-ﬁve men-maybe more;

 be thirty or forty in the outﬁt. They are all»
does,jarid I reckon there ain't one in the bunch

 wanted for something--from rustling cattle to

.ﬁu,°ats_..
. ,, ,_

mt

C

‘ ‘ 0

— -Knows there ain't no then here to protect the
«ahd’:‘he’ll,dress his men out like a lot uh Indians——-
'.favo1f_ite.igame~—-and he'll drop down onto this
3-thousand  brick. He'll murder everybody
 ltoifand. he;’ll burn. the hullylbizness
  if the has to.’ That is about what
«'aga’nst.”, ‘in ._  _ ' pa’  ’ ‘ I
__ ‘think hemay make the attempt to-night ?”,
when he has got a job of, that

’.

  

   

  
 
 
    

. i- g V ‘  dew 
A ?*f?“F.‘I"‘Y°“‘<l_ swafsthst *'° and any.
"be sP°*¢°=*=?w°isv>#==s=iv1=.~=?=s

s

  
    

-Ia-y ‘a _‘
\.

   
_ ‘N ‘he«.thi:ngsvthatfare.
.a;e‘y‘  it--and

 
 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

as

see you! What! '-frevelyan, too? Well,'this is a please
me. What in the world brings you way out here?”
“Business,’,’ replied Nick laconically. “Come off here
to one side while I tell you about it ;” and then he told
Trevelyaxfs story a..d his own, from the time when Tre-
velyan decided to go to Germany to keep watch over the M .
baron, untilthe present ‘moment.

“Now,” said the detective, in conclusion, “we are as
hungry as bears.” I _

“Of course. I hadn't thought of that. Come along and 4
I'll ﬁll you up; and Wanda will be as glad to see you and , 
Trevelyan as I am.” ‘ .

“And how is the boy?” asked Nick, as they entered the
house, having turned Madden over to others tofentertain
and feed. I '

“Fine, Nick, ﬁne! So we've got a scrap on our hands
tomight, or to—morrow, eh? With all due respect to your
driver, I don't think that any attack will be made here
before daylight, and then it will be attempted by strategy.
Black Pete‘ has been qver here two or three times lately,
and he was here again to-day, early in the morning.
Rode this way on his trip to the station to meet the
baron, probably. He did more than that, too."

“What was it?" 

“‘He said he wasexpecting. some visitors from the East:
and asked if he could bring them over here to show then?
what a first-class ranehis like. That's his game. He'll-
appear here soon after daylight in the morning, with,

half a dozen of his men-‘—and he'll have a score more of
. his followers hidden out yonder in the sagebrush, ,wVa_it_»-i I
f ing for a signal.” ’ ‘

  
   
       
    
   

i

    
  
 

‘~ . “IjIow~'ma'ny menhave you got here beside yourself .,
asked Nick. .
by .“Five only; so you see we are only nine alto/gcther.’.’”_ b
by “You couldn't get any more of-your menin by  ’ '
’ after to~night,eouldpyo\l P” I t 
., 77' “Nb. They are too far away, and too
Mtered; >Th_at, isno useat all.”  ’ I 
, we willlhaxiée to stand as. on  wag: ,

~ got.”‘Iaid ~.Nick. ‘ A i “  ' ‘

\

     
  

We

greatly 

 
            

   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
    
  
   
 
  
   
  
    
   
 
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
      
   

CHAPTER XII.

THE UNDOING OF THIS BARON.

 

V  T A council of war was called that evening in the ranch-
‘ house, and the men were informed about what they
, , were up against. It is to the credit of all of them, too,
i e  they rather looked forward to the affair with pleas-
"11”‘re‘,; not one of them expressed any doubt regarding their
  stand oE the outlaws.
’  common consent,/Nick Carter took command of the
‘T  garrison, and he gave each one of the defenders
:  separate instructions; then two were told off to keep
‘watch through the night, and the rest retired to get what
1 _‘sleep they could. ,
. ’”t‘iIti"ain’t like Black Pete to do anything of-this sort
 in the daytime,” said Madden, when they were parting
, ﬁbfjthe night, “and there ain’t but just one explanation
_.» rérf-it if he waits till daytime. That is, that he is to be
1351:! so much that he can light’ out of this country alto-
ggether for good and all after it is over.” ,
Pidiowevef, the night passed without incident, and mom-
.’  beautifully bright and clear. ».
-’ .”’f1fhe’time was approaching eightpdclock when Bully,
"dden reported that Black Pete and a troop of horse-
 approaching the ranch. . ' I I I
 “There? twelve in the bunch,” he said to Nick, “and
 be herein ten minutes.” i
* I = 1§a11'r'ight," repliedethe detective. “You keep out of_
  the -present, Bully.” ‘

‘ _''stepped outside the house for a moment and used
.  ‘  ofbinoeulars upon the approaching party of horse-

  jvith a ‘smile, he turned to Max, who was,

  ' ;‘ ' . V.» I . ,

 party coneists of the baron, Colonel Von Uhler,
H lr"Pete, and nine  his followers,"‘he said quietly.
:3oi‘1’tT'i1nderstand this’. game at’ all, Max.‘ '

This is a
bold move on the part of the baron, to come here
‘ litre-that. I don't like it. Will you obey/kmy

 as.  
‘. ee~;~%  .. 1; .
 want youfm stay, inside of the house forthe

feet erssgnt Andi-einain on of sight, too, un-
J p i  Get'in_,.now,andobey.
  me  thing-—-at least,
i ‘ 11:;   thexénclosa

   
  

      

re ,..pe;.:...~ of
 V!

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

sight when Black Pete with his men and his two guests
drew rein in front of the wide veranda; and Black Pete
started violently when he recognized in Nick, who
stepped forward to meet them, the same man with whom
he had talked at the station the preceding day.

‘‘Hello I" he said grufﬂy; “you’re here, are you ?”4

“Very much here, Black Pete,” replied Nick smilingly.
“I thought, seeing the company you were in yesterday,
that it would be just as well if I got here before you
did.” Then, turning his eyes only, he swept with one
glance the persons of the baron and Eitel von Uhler, and
he added in the same even, smiling tones:

“Baron Von Buhlmach and Colonel Von Uhler, I be-
lieve. In what way can we be of service to you‘, gentle-
men? Mr. Maxim was not expecting calls so early in the
day and he has delegated me to’ represent him.” _

The baron muttered a curse in German; Von Uhler
turtied red, then pale, and was silent. The outlaw swore
loudly, and replied for the others:

§“I’ll tell you what we want, damned quick 1" he said.
“We want ”

“Silence!” ordered the baron sternly.

 

“Who are

you?" he demanded, then, of Nick. ' '

The detective smiled derisively into the barqn’s face,
as he replied:

“I am the Nick Carter whom you delegated one Le-
fevre to murder, baron. Pete, if you or one of your
men make a move to draw a weapon, you'll all be shot

down where you’ are. Every one of you, from the baron

down, is covered from the walls of the house. We were "'"

expecting. this call and we are prepared for it. You
knight possibly kill me, but every one of you would be
dead men before my bodytouched the ground.”

He turned again _to the baron, and continued:

..“The princess, your niece, whom you cameihere to ab-
duct, who is nowi-Mrs. Maxwell Maxim, is here, but she
will not see you. The child, whom you intended to mur-
der, is also here. The husband of your niece holds a riﬂe

that is aimed at your heart at this. moment. . .
“And you, Colonel Eitel von Uhler—it is possible 

you may already have recognized in me the Lord Angus

MacGraw with whom you talked irr New York.  ,
Angus is a friend of mine whose identity I borrow on _

occasion. I borrowed it once in Germany, and as such
I assisted Trevelyan‘ to rescue the princess from 
Scoundrel of an uncle of hers.” ‘

r . - > o



i
2'

s

‘i

-§

3:.-::':...'..»n.... ;_~..-.,i«.‘.a..~..._ ,....¢'.. -;.- _ . ..*. .. _.

is
F
is
.5

31
4
5
1

' n

   
    
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
 
   
 
   
   
  
  

_ A‘;

= t," you will hear me patiently to the end. At the
« move on the part of any due of you twelve, every
l= i',i_~ of you willdrop from your saddles. I advise you not
orget that.” ,

Then he addressed Vo_n Uhler again, who was sitting
'5 horse as if he had been turned to stone.

Eitel von Uhler,” he said, "this old reprobate of a
i has -deceived you from the very first. That maid
Castle Craig, in Germany, was murdered by his order;
;_-was dressed in the clothing of the princess by his
yr: The marriage of theprincess to Maxim was legal,
every way. When you supposed the princess to be ill

 

ml he intended if his plats hére succeeded _to leave
Iiererto pay to this country the penalty of his own

I!

  lips, which _were now white. l
(3, I arh not,” replied Nick!" “You are the liar; you
st:om1drel';y.o;g are the robber, the blackguard, the
‘or ;alwoin'on,'s. honor. It: had thought of it in time
s  myself to‘ place a,.,hAot,.branding-
  hairdioldiace of_’you_rs; but as! is, you
it h9rde*of‘ ruflians, togetberwith the others‘ who
inthe-ysage-brush out yonder, can right about
,_ y hack. to Black Pete’: ranch as quickly as
 - how, ,You,.Von_Uhler,~  ‘advise to remain heé
..  yézff that youf‘aré‘  a villain, although
 "'Ir='advise you to getoﬁ your

‘: "uqdyj.to  you.Aand"p‘tlie princess ready to
A” ‘tohe‘again'your.,frieMnd-i”.’. ' v; _

M   detective with amazed eyes
  mddendeciiiion, he slipped
   pd; his shoulders well

  

iii no   it; 4:. 

;y,r,.;,, «now y'au,‘ﬁB1ock‘ :=."...+fr 

NEW) l:lICK £ARTER WEEKLY.

lrnent. Then slowly he turned his horse about, and with _
' his head bowed over his saddle-horn, with his chinialmost
  apdfhereyyou will ﬁnd‘.

' '_home in Germany.

‘corral to get liislyhorses as“_s_ooo as he‘ had killed Fete.
 Pets»  by
i L  I’ i i  . _V_vuI know,»  

27

“VVhat if I tell you to go to-———"
“I’1l have you hung for a horse-thief and a cattle-

rustler inside of ten hours after the twenty—four have
That’s all.”

\

passed, it you don't skiddoo.

J

“You will, will you, you da———’

He reached for his gun and drew it so quickly that »
he had brought it down and ﬁred before Nick realized
that he was in danger; but even as the bullet from it‘
whizzed past Nick Carter's ear, a second report came
from one of the windows of the house, and Black Pete,
without a sigh or a sound, pitched out of his saddle to the
ground, and he was dead before he struck it; and then
Nick heard Bull Madden's voice shout:

“I ‘reckon, Mr. Carter, that I’ll keep on driving that
stage for a while yet—-—if I ain’t got any sand.”

As if with one accord the nine outlaws who had come
there with Black Pete wheeled their horses and rode
away toward the sage~brush, leaving the baron alone and i_ 7 .
unprotected. ' 

“Yonder lies your way, baron,” said the detective
coldly, pointing with his ﬁnger along the trail toward 
the station. “At the end of that trail is the railroad, and ii
beyond it somewhere is Germany and Castle Thunder,
your home. I advise you, during the few remaining years
of your wicked life, never to show your hard old face in
this Western country again. Go!”

The baron: stared in silence at his tormentor for a mo- .

  
     
 
 
  
 
     
       
       
   

resting upon his breast,‘ he rode slowly away from them,
and not one ‘of the people at Maxim's ranch ever saw him ‘ 7
aigain, ,«It was known only that he lived to return to his ti»

' “'I‘wo_ shots only were ﬁred, and one life only has _,
lost," said Nick to Maxim, as the latter came out off;

the house to join him. “Bully Madden probably saved-1, 

“Gone. He went out at the hackof the house’ 

    

He asked, nre.,to_;_te_l,l  not to blame-him, but he an
didithink that‘ilPete‘w95!I1d‘ki1l_yot1.” ~ ~

   
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
  

L “lrhere;’that will do for that!" said Nick, smiling.
“When”! have seen you make your peace with the prin-
eess; when your eyes are glad as you look upon her hapu
piness, I will bethanked sufficiently for all time."

"‘I‘ have already made my peace with Wanda,’«’ replied
 Uhler; “and it is my heart that is glad indeed for
,  happiness —and for this ger1tleman's—4her husband.
‘What can I do, Mr. Maxim, to atone for the horrible
thoughts-———” .
‘lforget it! Stay with us here for a month and breath
,nus.air?f laughed Maxim. “Glory, hallelujah. Nick! but
‘are a general worth ﬁghting under.”

V en tlieyentered the house and joined Wanda, and as
.,_ ’ gel; Carter bowed over her hand she put her white arms»
If  his neck impulsively, and kissed him.

\

1‘

NEVV NICK CARTER WEl?.KLY.

A few months later, in New York, old Porter .\la>;im
said to Nick Carter: _ V

“I made a fool of myself, after all, Nick, in trying
to break that old baron.”

“You did? Why E" asked the detective.

“Oh. I made it cost him about a million of his fortune,
and this morning my branch house in- Berlin informs me
that the old duffer is dead, and that he has left everything
he had to Wanda. What do you think of that?"

“I think,” replied Nick, “that she can spare the mil-
lion you made her uncle lose, and that he has done the
best he could in the way of asking forgiveness for all
that he did.”

THE END.
The next number, 525, of this weekly will be “The

Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Carter's Perfect
Disguise.” ’:T"':‘F 3  3"

  
   

a

..._.._._......_.............

  
   

mvcatiaroe. Incvvryenae
tocuncho attention 1 nude 1: I
Libnry are-!nslu.nive“o£°:3fr' Y. tot 0

      
     
 

to Aline can
euup,t.g_wov9r souls!-

TRIEIDAI4 Lo_lBRAR’\’
A1" 3.0 CENTS .

' r5o——1'r'rank'Mer_ri ell’s Schooldays.

= . :67--v.1-‘tank Merriwell’s Chums. A

 

 ~um___.___  TIP ‘T017

rods at ' nary week from readers asking’ it vi: can suppix the early numbers of Tip To eontainin

we are obliged to reply that an _ ,

G“ 1 be ,t. frlthatﬁtho  Marriwell St§_l.‘le1S5oAOWt‘“t‘>9gl P k H ti H S boom‘

In mun . erst 1 r as 9. en e ‘ran at we‘; c .
gig-n hptovith I com let: list of ellyatariu that have been pubgshgagq ‘w

and e catalogue ef the Medal Library which is iust: ﬁlled with good things for boys. upon rocoipt at I. one» i .

l = AT 10 CENTS
. 292--Frank Mcrriwelrs Hard Luck.

WEEKLX »

are entirely out of rint. owouldllke

in book form in the

   

publiuhe "
3.
mbook torn: up to the time of writing. We willbe

      
 

a

_,MEDAt.’ LJBRARY

   

3. , I  Frank Metriwews Foes. V
i ,1 ' ,Fhu!lr7Merriwall’s.Trip West.
:89-—-Frank‘ Merriwell Down South.
:93-'9»-Frarilr Merriweﬂ’s‘ ‘Bravery. .
l9Ji~—«Frav):_ Herr§we1l's_ . Hunting Tour. '.
V 201»-Frank Merrrwell in Europe. ‘
'20;-,-eFrank'Mcrt’§well at Yale.
a09——Framk Blerriwelg ‘Séorisv Aﬁcld.’

 
 

  

 
 

‘.11.;--FnnkMarﬁwl5—».,ms. V,

I 2x;y~Frgnk 1\lerri_well'§"Bicyclc Tour."
‘ "teas:-—Fi-gait‘ Merrgwelllp’ _iCéu_rag,c.V 4 V
aao-5~I-‘rank Mernwellk Dams.  ;

'a53a.-Fraﬂ:,Merriwell’s Athletes, "
 Merriwelfs Si: .  _ 
 . . ,m:'lt’Merriwell’s Champions; 2'» ; 1.
 . '«inr.-.;lll_’t. Return to.Yal¢.- 
. i c. s l .

 
 

 
 

 
 

‘  on. .- .

‘ y \ 344-—Frank‘M‘erriwell on the Boulevarcfs. ‘

 .1 . Frank

      
        
     
    
     
        
 
 

296—Frank Merriwel1's Protéﬁg.
300--Frank Merriwell on the , oad.
_ --F rank Merriwell's Own Company.
I §$——Frank Merriwell’s Fame.
312-_-Frank Merriweil's College Chums. W
_ 3:6-—Frank Merriwell's Problem. _;
320--Frank Merriwelrs Fortune. ‘
_. 3$Frank Merriwell’s,New Comedian.
_; 3 Frank Merriwell’s Prosperity. ’ -
V332-—Frank Mert_iwell’s~. Stage‘ Hit. .
336-Franyk Merrzwv.-ll’: Great Scheme. ‘
340-.-—Frank Men-iwell in England. -

348».-—Frank Mei-riwell'\ Duel.
3529Frank Merriweﬂl? Double Shot,
356-6-gngiﬁerriwgll s Balebanll Victoriisr.

A 359- ta cmw ' Oonﬁ ence.
363-—Frank Merriwell’: Auto. ~

' -.-Frank Men-ijw¢l1’s .Fun‘~.

1 man‘ l&e:_rri_we§i"s Gerggosity.

37 ~.-- V am e ‘a . .

3745- 'rik Met wnlrsz f:rmit_ation.‘

.. .‘.~\

      

   

V  .372-—,!?'rank Mcrriwelt on Tau; .

         
 

' ~ A. i fl‘ t I, I I ' , , I-, A <1
aao-—n§:sk'ii:rswar;‘nnm.*   v
. . 93-H  ,_ I . , '
aao—.-mni: M¢eriwe}l’s‘ 

     
    
  
   
  
    
   
    
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
    
     
  

I UED EVERY SATURDAY. HANDSOMEST OOLORED COVERS

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter—
-- . Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-
i' with all kinds of criminals.

That's why, boys, his adventures holds one's interest from cover
, cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up——he does not need it
._  uses his Wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

~..—_a .

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

ssh by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price In money or postage stamps ;

  ;:HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

'The Man: of Many Faces; 01', Nick Carter Behind ' 518-—A Dangerous Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a
“the Scenes. », Crisis.

A Ix.-tt'er From thcADead; or, Nick Carter’: Proud- 5I9—Madge Morley’s Ghost; 01', Nick Carter-‘s Des-

’ 93¢ M9mcnt. V E » " V - ' perate Fight.

Bare-faced Jimmy; the Gentlemancrook; or, Nick 52o——An Automobile Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Blood-

 Carter’s Amazing Experiment. hound on the Scent.
The Genﬂeman Crock’-°» Last.-Act: 01‘, Nick Carter 52I——The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter's Com-
‘ and the Haunted House. ' plex Case.

_’l‘!re “Skidoo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘: 522--The White Arm of a VVoman; or, Nick Carter's
Great Train Robbery Case. ~ ' Desperate Chase. y

The’Last of the Outlaws; or,v,-Hovy Nick Carter. 523-1‘ he Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter’s Con-
~ Stopped the ‘;‘Cannon-‘baLll_." ’ . quest of 21 Castle. _ 
Nick'Carter's Twin Mystery: 01'. The Secret of the 524--The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling 
..  iGreen~Automobi]e, . v ' , Strategy. 1 
Battle of Wits; or-.'N1ck Car_tcr_’s Fight for Life. 525-'——The Passlgnggrr 0111) the Night Local; or, Nick Car-  ”‘ ‘
Lcgme of Five M‘ lions; or, Nick Carter’s F’ ht ' t€r’s er ect isguise. ’
Ajwm, a—F;¢nd_ ‘L ‘ ’ . V " lg 526--A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand '

 

 

     

2 In a ‘i ’ . k  ’  t Ialayp ,
., \ ¢ 01'; NW ' ‘Ts nges 527__C)a§;:,  Countess; 0:‘, Nick Carter’s Motor» TA
. .sEx- =1" , ‘ .. . ‘ . ' \ it . i z 
P1°t'—°f the P°‘5°“°" 5 °"’ Nwk 536°?“ Hm" 528--Clarice, thefssvoman Detective; or, Nick Carter’:  

 
    

5b;=.eadth Escape-~ ¢'- . . , . '1"tl d Ass’ ta t.

  07» T¢9'Id'd P199 3 1-039 529---The ingex of ‘Eeylen Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds‘

 ’ V n 1'.  I _ » the Hidden City. as ' f
".41.; Un);nown;=or, Iglrek Carter’s;Blmdfolc_1 530-—An Amamnian Queen; or, Nick Garter Becomes 0 3 .‘

  
 

    
    
 

   
 

     
     

 

       
 
 
  
 
  
 

     
   

     
  
  

   

  

 Gladiator. ‘ \

 33“ cf .. .:-.:“e.eF'a‘.*;.aa."';*:.‘s:....*'- '.;'...v".."'.:':..'-:sm'*:..°.?'m .¥:°:'.:t.“. :9‘? m 

'  A'v_onie.N¢w York,0i17- ' i _ P  .  pug. »

;..wgo|geertjnr1.....;;....esntIt0tIVhlnl|)lnqu|sneInzs;A ‘ ,‘ - .| ‘_ - i
1ﬂoogérp-nob:vsﬁtﬁsf-cud-nos-vex‘-oras ,.......¢95Il§0_1_HJPPALO UH-L - H99» uuuuuuu IQ... ‘ ,,_.".........“ _;

no/Q‘Qt“I_I\oo1u¢ nnnnnn -u ‘E 4 ".3RAYI,A«Pl.3  H01‘--uvqeuu--o-nag"...-

   

 

nu.-ooO¢,II'0'
‘.-
1 y

 leg“   39-, ~ -;

   

 THE nouan morn WEEKLY

ISSUED EVERY MONDAY.

HANDSOME COLORED COVER

.2)

T Ted Strong wants to make your acquaintance, boys, and we are
convinced that you will be proud to have him as a friend. The
tales of his adventures among the cowboys are full of fascinating
interest. He is known to every one as “King of the Wild West”

a and he upholds the title.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdoalero, or sent, nostpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price In money or postage stamps

H

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

V L L . !24---King of the Wild West’s Helping Hand; or, Stella,

the Girl Range-rider.
I35--King of the Wild West’s Buckskin Guide; or,
tella at the Grand Round-up.
I26—Kin_ig_ _olf( the Wild West’s Strategy; or, Stella’s
. nc ony.
I27--King of the Wild West’s Tangled Trail; 01', The
f,“ E Disa pearance of Stella.
E I38-King o the Wild West’s Long Ride; or, Stella
' ~ Loston the Red Mesa.
_ ' Ia9——KinIg of the Wild West's Phantom; or, Stella in
V . anger.
I30--King of the Wild West’s Broncho—busters; or,
tella’s Fort in the Coulée.
f W13!--King of the Wild West’s Corral; or, How Stella
'  . Brought the Warning.
2 .133-—-King of the Wild West’s Tenderfoot Pard; or,
. , Stella's Surprise Party.
I33-—King of the Wild West’s Night Wrangler; or,

 

    
 
 
   
     

A . What Ha nod to Stella.
V 134-—-King of the ild West’s Outlaw; or, Stella to the
escue.

I35.--King of the Wild West at the Throttle; or, Stella
. in the Flames. _
 I36-—-King of the Wild West’: .Tra.il; or, Stella Finds
Bill Blue.

la.

mm a urns. Publtduu. -n smut: uonu. new York City.
MI! OOOO CF00! IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII wt
, . nonsamln

; 1.. “9W‘°FF°'°'

xﬂnouIqvgvuu-uuooi-A-nu"--nu.

lu..................................

 ‘OF L!‘ A" ‘AUX HUWHWBI of
- Sad 11 1% W Vllh lvh
.'.‘t‘a.t'.l*»Y.‘l-v"t‘%" n.a:'r.:'.“l'."*.....-ya" “' °

I37—King of the Wild West’s Race; or, Stella Among
the Seris. .

I38-—-King of the Wild West’s Fire-signal; or, How
Stella Foiled the Marauders.

I39——King of. the Wild West Rides the Line; or, Stella

E Saves Old Glory.

I4o——King of the Wild West’s Treasure; or, Stella on
the VVaIls of Montezuma.

I41-——King of the Wild West’s Totem; or, Stella Makes
a New Maxim.

I42—King of the Wild West on the Box; or. Stella in
the Mountains.

143--King of the Wild West’s Slick Trick; or, Stella
Buys a Town.

I44-—King of the Wild West on Vanishing Island; or,
Stella Solves an Enigma.

I45——-King of the Wild W1st's Decision; or, Stella's

t Waif of the Plains.

I46-—King of the Wild West’s Broken Pinch; or, Stella's
Stratagern.

x47—-—King of the Wild West’s Iron Box; or, Stella
Turns the Tables.

I48—King of the Wild West’s Lost Brand; or, Stella in
“No Man's Land.” *

149——King of the Wild West’s Snow Camp; or, Stella
Lost in the Wilderness.

 

our libraries and cannot procure them tron: nendoalen. 1:):
price or the books you want and will send them to you by

.-zuioud ona............oontI to! which vluu lead me:

................................................ ..1oo
...... ..eopluo2num=1u.o mu.  
 ...... .. '- "name AND sou: No: .................................... .. ’
 ...... .. “ "ROUGH moan Noe. ........................... .1 ...... ..
.... on "0'Ioa-nu-u--nu---nu an-5$3“o-u----oouguo.-gsacov 

   

,
.1!‘ .

 
 

 

be minearm nuances 
~~= ° ~ ......-:-.2

  

     
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
       
    
   
     
   
  
   
    
   

<__-D

: UED EVERY WEDNESDAY.’ BEAUTIFUL coi.oRED covERs

There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
Mracters, week after week, become monotonous. w It was to suit these
glows that we published  AND BOLD. I ,
L L Each story is full 3o,ooo words'in length and is {complete in itself,
ving no connection with any. that went before or will come after.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

suit by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

4

 HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

~ Conway's White Clue; or, Trailing the Diamond 203-—Young Maverick,‘ the Boy From Nowhere; or, The Ten.
~ 'fters. By Inspector Robert Barnes. derfoot Oi! King of Iexas. By Sam Rusher.

Tucked Across Europe; or, The Clue of the Moving 2o4—Tom, the Mystery Boy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow.
‘ Pictures. By Lawrence White, r. E I’ By Robert Reid.

‘,.Colorad0.: or, A Cowboy's igh-t for Fortune. By 205-—Footliglit Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star. By Manager

- rt W. Aiken. llenry Abbott.

,, us Mystery; or, The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By 2o6—The Sky Smugglers; or, Gordon Keith's Great Balloon
‘ merbert Bellwood. ' ’ ~ ~ . Chase. By Lawrence White, Jr. ‘

ﬂlaf Sallie; or, The Three Queer Pards of Poker Pocket. 207-Bart Benner’s Mine; or, -The Boy Who Get There. By
” . C. Cowdrick. V’ Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry.

Hooch Raiders; or, Secret pf the Golden Dagger. By I 208--The Young Ranchman; or, Bart Bermer Going It Alone.
‘ Capt: Hal Hazelton. V‘ - ' ' By the author of “Bart Beiinei"s Mine.”

Baptism of Fireror, At the Front With the Japs. By 209-—Bart Berinei"s Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter of
Karl:  ~ . , , : the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.”
;Border'Noma_d' qr.‘ Sharper Stokes’ Double Deal. By _2io—-Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost Wild
 Bellw Q ’ ~ _[ 2 .. y ‘ Animal.Taker. By Lawrence_WlI!t€. .i!'- * 4
~ rte‘ Mallory’s;»Struggle; or.’  and Foes At West 211-—Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.
 B?-'IJ_¢tIh Fred .Garrison..;U..S. A. . ’ » By Herbert Bcllwood. _ ’

‘Saga ‘C ue:_or, 'I.‘he_Sha_i-ks andﬁharps of New York. 212-Under_Fa1se Colors: oi-,_ Dick Dangerﬁeld: Mystery. By
'~ * ' ’ames:Fislr._ .  ‘ ‘ _ ’ . ' _ . _ , Police Captain M_anmng. _

... Bnbf or,‘ The 30!. Sleuth of Ksusus. By Richard 2i3—Bags,_ the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. By
'1’;-aiﬁ, E: . ,- l x ' _' ’ . ’ Richard Hackstaff. ‘

. . win‘;-d; or,‘~Throuzl1 Amend .W-ater"to that .2149-On_tlie Pamgs; or. A Strwze Chase Aci-oas‘South Amer-
 By Emerson Bell. . ' V y , P ica. _By wrenee White, Jr. ’ . _

‘the Shadow; or, Solving; a. Double Mystery. By 215-The Crimson Clue: or,_ Dick Dangerﬁelds Mission. By
. , ‘ Hackgto  ‘ ‘ ‘ ' Police Captain Manning.

1'

     

a

Pgimnt. By Frank:-Mernwcll. ' V ’ - v v _ Charles H. Day._
ﬂisgthe Nighthawk Reporter; _or, The Blzzest News‘ 2:7--Riﬂe and Rod; ‘or, A Cruise Down the Lake. By J‘. M.
 * ' . 0

cl 3,Rbct‘tRetd. _ ‘ VM 1}. , _ E A
.uig‘l3oy;:iir,~'1'he Young Coal Mine Ferret. 218-Pa1‘d::r fin’. Comrade! 30! 149% 3! Colonel Prentiss 51:-
".ltichard;~1-Iackstaﬁ‘.  Q» ‘ —_ graham. _ ~-

   

_____.?__¢* ._**_m~ _......_.__.......__......_....._.._..

 

 
 

‘-1, ,.,_ « ,§.

.'-r

W‘ ﬁllﬁncnth Avenao.lioIr!9I'k°1$1- ' I ---~- 1_ i ' no
_ '  ..,..oe_uhurVN¢p§qounIno: . ».  y ,; . A
 ‘__‘x“.“‘_:_ Vuuygou-co-go: uuuuuuu to _ ........oop£uafBUPPAI.0I|u_ » ‘CC-.c..ian--unco-nu-uq.gp........g.

   
   

    
 

 

/

   

 

9.

V 3.   _r_ im-no--oix~~-q4._.....”’_

Giants of the Gridiron: or, Fighting For the ‘Foot- 2:6-—-A_.vt the Red Horse; or, Herr Di-icsbach. the Lion King. By

~ S  

' » » ’ ‘ 1 »
..  _"‘ -sniuvantnnom  ,
u : i ~ ’.
n-pounvvcotv -.---\>-ﬁn “  > _‘ _ N°‘u-tin---u-nu-aoggno--nyouunqoogoobnp 7

      
  

 THE TIP TOP WEEKLY

 

 

 

ISSUED EVERY FRIDAY

HAN DSOME COLORED COVERS

‘Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the
adventures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick, as are now appear-

ing in this weekly.

Mr. Standish has a world-wide circle of friends and

he is putting forth his best efforts to amuse and entertain them. . Boys,

you have no idea of what a grand ‘feast he is preparing for you.

Tip

Top’s stories are going to astonish you. Do not fail to get it.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE

 
 

A 536-I-Frank Merriwell's Summer Camp; or, The Athletic-

school in the Woods.

53]--—Frank Merriwell’s Proposal; or, Starting the Sport

in the League.
538-—Frank Merriwel1’s Spook-hunters; or, The Mys-
terious Island of Mad Lake.

I 539-Dick Merriwell‘s Check; or, The Hot Bunch From

Happy Camp.

I540-—Dick Merriwell’s Sacriﬁce; or, Team Work That

Told.

 541-Dick Merriwell’s Heart; or, Breaking the Hard

Luck Streak.
54.2-—Franlc Merriwell’s New Auto; or, The Lure to
Destruction.
543-Frank Merriwell's Pride; or, The Double-Header
at Pineville.
544--Frank Merriwell’s Young Winners; or, The Stars
‘ in the Blue Hills.

I ‘$45---DiclI:>IaL;Ierriwell’s Lead; or, Bound to Hold First

e.
546--Dick Mei-riwell’s Inﬂuence; or, On the Right Road
At Last. .
547-~Dicl¢ 'Merriwell’s Top_ Notch; or, Against Odds,
Fate, and Scheming.
Frank Merriwell’s Kids; or, The World Beaters In
A New York. ""

I 1  I

LATEST TITLES:

549-—F rank Merriwell’s Kodakers; or, Hunting Big
Game Without Guns.
55o—Dick Merriwell, Freshman; or. First Days at Yale.

551-—-Dick Merriwell’s Progress; or, The First Chance
on the Field.

552——DicE Merriwell, Half-hack; or, Getting into the
Game at Last.

553--Dick Merriwell’s Resentment; or, In Defense of
‘His Honor.

554-—DiclE Merriwell Repaid; or. The Heart of Office:
Maloney.

555-Dick Merriwell’s Staying Power; or. The Great
Game at New Haven.

556-Dick MerriwelI’s “Push”; or, The Victim of the
“Flying Mare.”

557--Dick Merriwell’s Running; or, The Meet at Me- f

chanics’ Hall.

558-—Dick Merriwell’s Joke; or, Fun with the Jumping
Frenchman.

559-Dick Mex-riwell’s Seven; or. The Scrub That Made
the Regulars “Go Some.”

560--Dick Merriwe1l’s Partner; or, The Boy from
Texas.

56I——Dick Merriwell in the Tanlé ; or, Rushing the Regu- .

lars at Water Polo.

LIVE! IUIBIBIGK

‘I ‘ a van on
f  i“uii‘:h°“'1-ii‘! §R“»‘i'a"i‘s"“u'«‘:“:~?a'i“."" “ "’ ‘" "”‘ “" """° °’ "'° "°°““ "°“ "“‘ ““’

...8I'IIt Ind Re

  

   

I .

”‘ ‘-'?.ag.-,.,;.«.\e......,.u.. ;-,  ,.._.«.. v

our librarian and cannot pmeuro them from uewldealon. they can be obtained from this omen direct. a:
we will send them to you by return man.

$Il! 1 nmtll. tsbunun. 79 sonata Avenue. New York city. . .....  ....................................... ..19o

-  ‘ Gntlalsdna-7-lneloudlud .......... ..oenta1orvh1ohp1euoIendtno: _ I
 .T.......u;|ou¢1'IP ml!  .................... .,..oopm or swam BILL ran. ................................. .... 
.......... “ «roe: canal: sou. .....  .... .... .......................... .. -‘ " BRAVE AND now No: ................................... ... 

...... " '.‘.llAI|oun one: area. .............................. ..'.. ...... .. " " ROUGH amen Noe. .................................. ... 

       

   THE FAVORITE LIS

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

    

   

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
       
    
  

   

p RIDER WEEKLY BRAVE AND 301.1)

|

Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar- f Everv boy who prefers variew _
I
l

  

    

slial by accident, but he resolves to use his ‘ . _

g authority and rid his ranch of some very m his reading mutter: Ought to

' tough bullies. He does it in such a slick be 3 reader of Brave and 
way that everyone calls him “King of the ' . ‘ 6‘
Wild West" and he certainly deserves his A” these were written b_y authors . "

title. Sioo in cash are given to the readers who are past masters In the art

of this publication, every three months. of telling boys’ Stories. Every

Buy a copy and leam how to come in for a _ _ .
“me OHL tale is complete in itself.

MIGHT AND MAIN DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories TT1 ‘_ '
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir—  A a.
climbing the ladder of fame by ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
honest effort. No more inter- up-to—date boy ought to read just __
esting tales can be imagined. 4* how law and order are estab- 7
Each number is at least one-third lished and maintained on our
longer than the ordinary tive- Western plains by Diamond Dick,
cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY LI

_ _ The adventures of a poor waif V '
B”ﬁ“l° Bl" 15 the hem °f 3 whose only name is “Bowery

I  thousand exciting adventures Billy.” Billy is the true product
1 A I ‘  among the Redskins. These are Of the Slmets Of New York N0

      
      
 
     
     
  

    

   

       
       
      
  

 

   

     

 
     
           
 

. . - . boy can read the tales of his trials
i gwen to our b°_ys only m the without imbibing some of that «
I Buﬂalo Bl" 5t°”°5- The)’ are resource and couragethat makes  l ‘ 9,’

bound to interestand please you. the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

          
 

      
   

  

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

 
   
    

    
 

