No‘ 1094 NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 17, 1926 Price 8 Cent},

  \
s'runu:s 
or BUYS

UNEE MEEHANEELS
Tl] FAME AND FORTUNE.

  

 

    

  
 
 

Q»
«E
3%
R

  

“have that" oared Vincent staples. the foreman. springing at Crandall and dealing him a blow
on the chest that sent him staggering toward the open elevator. Seeing the
* young man‘: peril. Joe run forward and grabbed him just in time.

     
     

(

. i

5 Issued VVleel§;ly—-Subscription price, $4.50 per year. Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00. Westbury Publishing Co., ];nc.,_

Publishers. 168 West 23d Street, New York, N.Y. Ente
1911. at the Post—0ﬂice at New york, N. Y., under the Act or March 3, 1879

NEW YORK.‘SEPTEMBER 17, 1926

red as Second-Class Matter, October 4,

43%!“ ‘""
:, HA-9

(W 1:")/*"> a"
, ,. ,
A I L.

5. .  ;
Price 8‘ Cents. ‘K

' 1 MW,’ Vs:

‘No. i094

I

   A YOUNG

   
    
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
     
 
  
    
  
  
 
  
    
  
    

‘Q

Aided Beauty in Distress.

'.".‘Well, what do you want?” asked Vincent
Staples, foreman of the machine-shop connected
. with the Crandall Works, in the big, bustling town
= of, Darien, curtly of a poorly dressed boy, with a
bright face and an alert look, who had entered
the room on the second floor of the tall brick

ve ed. I
in . . .3’l"he4 air vibrated with the low swish of leather
Belting "passing around numerous, pulleys, to-
gether ‘with the hum of the pulleys themselves;
the buzz of many machines running at high speed,
intermingled with the harsh grinding sound of
m'etal"ag‘ainst metal; the pounding of hammers;
the rasping of ﬁles, and all the other nerve-ting-
A ling noises that go to make up a machine-shop in
‘full operation. Half a dozen -grimy-looking men,
with their sleeves rolled up above their elbows, ex-
posing‘ brawny bare» arms. were distributed about
:..among the machines. while as many more, simi-
7: Iarly“ ‘attired, stood at intervals along a rude
ooden bench. facing a row of windows that ad~
itted "light and air to the room. All were work-,

, “.:.,and brawniest man of the lot,“not unlike a
‘ ifhian ox, with a great leather apron covering his
"broad expanse of body ‘from his‘knees to his neck.
He had been a blacksmith in his day, and 10°k8d
thercharacter yet. a _ _
" ‘.‘Can you give mea Job?” asked the boy, with

attgntion. Vincent. Staples himself was the big»

a. respectful air.’ a ( _ _
“A’job, eh?” ejaculated the foreman, taking ,in

 

“No; sir." * ; ’

f,‘I-Iuiiiplil What brought you her , then?”

A, ‘FI thought I’d like to learn the usiness.

giidy with tools, in a way. It comes kind of

‘ atuijal' tome. _' I've always been interested in ma-
"nery. , I believe I’dsma.ke a good mechanic if I

ﬁotxa-'ch,ance to learn the business.” ‘

gal stare. , , . .  ,

Pd rather lwo/rk in a machine, shop.

 

\."'_-,-.

CHAPTER I.—How Joe Warner Got a Job and"

building where Staples was boss oflall ‘he sui- V

iiig -hard at various jobs that claimed their whole‘

* ing the height of itsﬂﬂight with his eye, then he

I’m _

"_‘f‘0h,,you, do?” replied the foreman, with a quiz-

~Moses Kline‘, the storekeeper, for whom, I’yerbeem

MECHANIC

on, RISING TO FAME. ANDFORTUNE

By A SELF-MADE MAN 5 L 

 

p

A. ~ ‘I’ . . F
“Than wha,_t?”‘ asked theforeman sharply, as
the boy paused. ~

“Go back to tending: store.” _

.“So you’ve been tending a store, have you? I
don’t see that a store boy is any use around here."

“If you’d give me a trial I’d- ” _ _

“I’ve gotno time to monkey with new begin- 
ners.” replied the foreman shortly. ‘ ' '

“Then you won’t give me a chance?”

“No. I’ve got no use————” -.

The sentence ended in a grunt, for the boy ‘
dashed suddenly forward and butted him in the
stomach with considerable force,” sending him
staggering back a foot or two. At the same mo-
ment there was a swish through the air and some-
thing str_uck the wal1=near at hand with a dull
thud. Vincent Staples quickly recovered his bal-
ance and with an angry snortmade a rush at the .
boy, catching: him by the arm. ‘V

“You little imp,’ what did you do that for'.”’« he ’
roared, raising his ponderous hand to administer '
a cuff that the lad would have remembered. had
he caught it. . y

‘ “Look there, sir,” said the boy, pointing at’ a
_piece ‘of steel still quivering in the Wall where it
.had struck with‘ force enough to imbed one end .

several inches into the plaster and lathes beyond.
“That would have taken‘ you in the l'iead“:,iif: I "

ha‘iln’t saved you the best I ‘knew how'.”_, ' '  ,

The foreman looked at the bit of iron, meiisur«7*-'

 

 

  
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  

swung around and saw the pale face of one of the -
men standing by an_ iron lathe. His quick glance if
saw the empty space between two parts of the, 
machine where a few_ moments before a piece of
, steel had been revolving at lightning speed, ‘and
he comprehended at ce what. had happened. ‘
';[‘l‘l/:11 the released the bo_ ’s arm, and looked at him
in s ange way. '
-“Boy,” he said huskily, “you saved my life, I 
am grateful to you. Shake hands.” .’~
/:I‘he young stranger accepted the grimy fist. .
. What s your name,.my lad?” said the foreman
in“aI tonsv that was now distinctly friendly.“._
“I'l)<Ew 0?(§I‘l:;(.9»V0I1”'7”l I I -1.‘ ‘ A ‘ ‘
“Nearly eig'hteeii.”. ' ‘  ’
f"‘Live with yourparents,  suppose?” . .
,“No, sir; I'm an orphan. I’ve been living with

are

Npvorking‘-, b_'ut[a's.,I’ve.1e£t his employ I've

i

 

 2 A YOUNG
take myvthi-ngs elsewhere today. I haven’t got
a lace yet, but I thought I'd ‘try to get ‘a. Job

« be ore I hunted for a room. for I want to live as
close to my new place as possible."

 “I'll give you an opening in this "shop_ and let
you learn the business if you. cotton to it,” said
the foreman.‘ A _ - I '

. “Thank you, sir." .
“You needn't thank me. I owe you something
for what you did for me, and you can count me as
your friend from this out. I live a few blocks
away and have a spare room which you may have
for a nominal sum. It will soon be noon when we

’ . knock oﬁ for dinner.

My daughter brings me a‘

<_ .warm dinner in a nail. ' Wait down in the yard.-‘

I will meet you there and introduce you to my
daughter. She will take you around to the house
and make you acquainted with her mother. You
can then see the room and if it suits you bring
your things around in time for supper, and to-
I morrow morning I’ll start you in here. and see
what I can make of you.” ~ .
, Vincent Staples shook the boy by the_ hand once
more, and turned away. Joe Warner walked out
of the machine room greatly pleased at having
‘ secured work where he could familiarize himself
with the tools’ and machinery that appealed to his‘
' taste. He had never been contented at Moses
Kline’s store, where he had been obliged to work
fourteen, hours daily, with two hours additional
I on Saturday night, as well as three hours on Sun~
' day morning, for $3 per week and his keep. He
had no idea what pay he would receive at the
machine shop, -but he didn't suppose it would be
; much at first. If he didn’t get enough he~would—
have to draw on his little fund of $100 he had
saved up during his term of service at Mr. Kline's

store.
. After leaving the machine shop, he walked
' , down the narrow stairs to the yard, which was
ﬁlled with tiers of barrels and piles of cases that
‘ were being loaded on trucks to be conveyed to the
, railroad station a few blocks away. To be out of

theway, he perched himsef on a lone box that '_

stood against one of ‘the fences, with his le s
, dangling in the air. Presently he saw .a swe 1-
‘lookingryoung man issue from the back door of
the-«ofﬁce and look superciliously around, the yard.
' He wa1ked.,over to the men who wereloading one
_ gof the_‘.tru_cks, and after watching them for a few,
,2 ‘gmoments, he commenced}-.o ﬁnd fault with‘ one
thing or another, ‘ ‘’:,..~ ~ , . ~ _ '
“I wonder who lie"-is_?” thought Joe.‘ “Seems

‘to be one of the bosses. from the way he acts.”
, At that moment a very pretty girl, between six-
teen and seventeen years of age," ‘camevinto, the.

.1

. ard with a tin double-decker dinner pail in her,

and. . . ,-
I ». ’ “I guess that’s the foremaifs daughter,”
’ ~ a thought the boy. “She’s a peach, all right.” =

_, ‘ ..The girl advanced into the yard, keeping near
well-looking chap noticed her, and crossed over
~to head her oif. He‘ came up with herby the”
. -,  time Sl'l_¢~‘_W8.S close to the boy. Joethen» had a
' ,'good ‘look at both of them. The young mangave
‘ eeveryzﬁievidenee of being“-somewhat under the in-
ﬂuence of liquor, though he walked steadily

-enough tofdeceivea casual observer. '
L ‘ “Goodrday, Mssstaples,” he said, planting’ him-.
eselfibefore‘ her. “Delighted to see,-you"—looking so

 
   
  
  

" dall, whose other name was Arthur, was the

the fence on the side where Joe was roosted. The ;

4-ways. tried to make hi’s:p'res:'en,ee;f,e‘lt_ 

‘and -tried to snatch a kiss.

[attend the monthly meeting of -the. Board and-keep

‘employees.  several ‘occasions?

   
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
    
 
 
     
  
   
   
 
  
   
  

MECHANIC ..
charéming today. «Fit enough to kiss, -’pon' my;
wor .” ’ ‘ ‘ Q 1‘
The girl drawback and looked disturbed. . fl 
_ ‘A‘Bz-ought our father-'s’d_inn'e,r, I‘ see. . I’ll eat}?
a man and avehim take it up to the mac_li_in_
shop, and’then you’ll do me the hon'or.<£'gom'g1
to lunch with me.” . 3  ~
“Please let me pass. sir,” said Miss Staples. . 
“Why, so coy? I've long desired the oppor- .
tunity to express to you the sentiments that your 3
beauty inspires in me. Surely" you, a common‘
W-or,kman’s daughter, must appreciate the honor} :.
would confer on you by taking yougto lunch and .
the matinee afterward. I will give you a swell
time, 'pon my honor, I will.” ' . V.
“I wish you would go away, Mr. Crandall,” said’! 
the girl, backing toward the box on which_«~Jo’eg 
was seated. . V _ , ’ -,  
~ “You refuse to go to lunch with me, then?” 
“Certainly. I wouldn’t think of doing sucliii
thing,” she replied, with some spirit. 1 ’ ‘
“And/you want ‘me to leave you?” , 
“I wish you would.” * g ' c   
“Then I will have to oblige you, I suppose; but ,”
you'll g~ive,me one kiss from those cherry lips of I
yours, won't you?” ' _ g ’ ,
He stepped forward, seized her by the. armsp.“
The girl screamed,‘ 
and tried to release herself. He pulled‘. her to
ward him. and would probably have succeeded in ,
accomplishing his object but for Joe, who’ thought '‘
it high time to interfere in her behalf. After 
second scream for help left her lips, thee-{boy
jumped off the box and struck Crandall a stinging.
blow in the face with the ﬂat of his hand. As ,.
the young man released his hold on her, «and;
turned upon his aggressor, Joe gave hima show
that landed him upon his back in the yard. » « : 3
“Get over to the door, quick, Miss Stap1es,—"’~' said
Joe, motioning her to pass. "I’ll see that he‘ does “
not molest you further.” , ’ , V 1  V
.» “Thank you,” she said, with a ggratefulvlook
passing quickly’ by him‘just as the noonrwhistle
blew for cessation of work. _ . .. ‘-; ‘ -
Joe then facedthe young dude who was trying
to get on his feet, but with little success, for , -
‘shock had sent the fumes of the liquor‘ in'1:o~hi‘ ‘
head, and his efforts. to rise were bothjutile and
ludicrous.‘ . . s . '  T ,3 . l . "

'_ CHAPTER‘ ii.~4Ln§eVBégi}1s=His (farce as
.~ ,. 2  , Young Mechanic. _' 9  s‘*

_ The men ‘in the yardlhad n_atu1ially, noticed’th_
trouble, but not one of-them made an eﬂort‘ to go, _
to, Cranda11’s assistance. The young gentleman?‘
was not popular in the estab1ishment,‘and-”-Jhis
downfall at the hands of a strange boy‘ gave thee»,
eyewitnesses .9. whole lot of satisfaction: eoran.-~

nephew of the ‘president of the‘ »co’mpa_ny-’~ this"
owned the,works. _He held the lucrative ‘jobjf
secretary to the corporation, which was some,-
thing of a sinecure, for he had little to do/except.‘
a record of its transactions. ' _ ‘ _. - ,
~ Hespentthe major part of his time, s ‘ ,,
around, town with a fast set.who'had~more‘ ,,
than bi‘:ams'.'butA when he visited~,the works

he; h It

   

V

' cc. * 

 5

xv. .-‘ ,- . '.v,

  
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
 
    
  
    
 
  
  
  
   
  

Kittie Staples bringing her fatheris dinner to him
I the noon hour. and her ‘fresh (young »be,au_t .
greatly im ressed him. He believe,_ that the,g_ir
would be; ighly ﬂattered by any little attention
he mi ht condescend to favor her with, and with
that igeain his head he made up to her_. _ Seeing
that Crandall, was only making an exhibition of

it

1136-.v ’ i l ‘

I he young man seemed to have no ‘recollection
that-‘Joe was the cause of his mishap, the fumes of
1,i}ie’high-balls confusing his 'brains.entirely. ' He

 

: ‘im off, and when Joe offered his escort as far
;.-the office, he accepted it with tipsy gravity,
Wnd offered the lad a quarter at the door, which
,e: refused to accept. Mr. Staples wasstanding
A-J.-j1;he employees’ entrance talking to his daugh-

,r, and he beckoned Joe up. Kittie_.had not told
‘er father anything about Crandal1’s conduct. as
zslte knew it would make him very angry. and
might.lead to trouble. ‘ V

_, “Ki.t,tie, this is Joe Warner,” said her father,

/I . Kittie,’.’ the foreman
‘ded;  .

‘ The boy bowed. am he and Kittie shook hands.

708 to.the_ foreman. . .

..‘es.-’»’~: "
“ghank you, sir.” . _ _ -
‘fJoe‘came up to the_shop a little while ago,
ilooking-‘for, a job,” explained her father. “It hap-
 while we were talking together that a piece

: te.el~‘-got.1oose in some waygefrom one of the
afchines and ﬂew straight at my head. I would
we beenbrained by it, I fear, but for Joe’s
‘,6 pt action. He shoved me back just in the
"cfof time. and »-the” steel ‘buried itself. in the
, ailléﬁ Well,»I’m. going to take him on at the shop
the‘ morning, and as he’s looking for a room in
. is neighborhood. I invited him to take the small
333-liirélbedroom at our house. So take. him over
‘ ‘th  03.1, and tell your mother to show it t0'hlm.”
K’  said she "would, and
geihther-pleased to think that there was »a proba-
??§:'.ilit'y of 1 the good-looking‘ boy, whom she had
' lien an instant fancy to, coming to live at their
, use. Mr. Staples turned Ialtway zlzlnld cIarried his
niier pail upstairs‘ to the s op, w i e 0e accom-
riled‘ Kittie to her home. . _. ,
‘It was very kind of you to interfere in my be-
‘lf,”.=the girl said, as they passed out at the
t;e‘,;~{“and .I ‘am very, very grateful to you.”
,‘You’,re,welcome,’v’ replied, the boy. _ .
.‘Jt~was funny that he didn't make a row with
' ‘~ about it afterward. Why, he said nothing at
”'a_,1%d_aics'/cu]ﬂz1;,l1y permittqed you to—.brush him oif.”
.4 . . e an ay.
, . ,, iso name’ is ’yXvrthur Crandall.
fﬁéphew of the. president of the compay that owns
!5ﬂx;,~Work§.” k _ . t’h m 9”
- oes‘ e wor in e 0 cc. —.

. gjelieve not. but father told me that he is sec-
of—_tlie company.” . 3
Hggﬁeﬁlins to be well ﬁxed, for he is a swell

id
or
E.’
(‘D

 
 
 
   
     
 
    

e.

   
   
 

'".li€*eswith. his uncle on Bradhurst Avenue."
afn'jd_Kittie felt almost like old friends when
cached the Staples’ home. Kittieintroduced

 

‘inself, Joefstepped forward and assisted him to
1 1 ,

ood gazing vacantly around as the boy brush-ed.

t.-you haven't told me your ownname yet,” said I

1‘;4Why,~- I thought I had. i Well, it’s Vincent

somehow she was ‘

He’s the '

Joeito her mother. to whom she. deliyered her , a
father's mesa: . =Joe was shown 1;he,,sma11_ spare .. ,-
room, and he dec ared it suited him in ever way. ~

Mrs. Staples, who was a pleasant, mother .wo-
man, invited Joe to take lunch with her an Kit-
tie. and he accepted. -

“I’ll fetch my, traps over some time this after,-
noon,” he said. “I’ve got only a grip and asmall
trunk.” ' ‘

“The room will be ready for you whenever you
come,” replied Mrs. Staples.

About ﬁve ’o’clock Joe got an expressinan to,’ V
carry his belongings to the Staples’ house fora
quarter‘,,and he went along himself without ex-'

tra - charge. ,, .

“We shall look upon you as one of the family,”
said Mrs. Staples..as he started to go to his room,
“so youmust make .v0.urse1f'at home.”

He found Joe.- in the_,dining-room, reading an
evening paper. ‘Supper was ‘soon on the table,
and all sat up. ,

“You must eat hearty, Joe,” said Vincent
Staples.
anybody go hungry in this house.” ,

“Thank you, sir. I will endeavor to hold my
end up,” laughed the boy." - ' '

Next morning‘ Joe went to the works with the
fﬁreman and_began his career as a young‘me-
c anic. ‘ "

CHAPTER'III.—-'-The Model That Wouldn’t ’ 

Work’ the 1 Right Way. "

After that Kittie brought two dinner ‘pails to
the works at noon, one of which was intended for

oe. «

“I don’t-think you ought to burden yourself with
an extra pail for me, Kittie,” he said, when she
appeared the ﬁrst‘ day he was on the job. “I can
easily get a light lunch’ at a ‘cheap restaurant
around here.” " ‘

I “Oh, it’s no trouble for me to do so. I can bring 

two just as

_ wflzll as one, Joe,” she replied, with a‘
smile. - ~

I,‘  I it l7AAYOUNGi.MECl£IANIC.. ‘ I ‘  V in ,3

-_“It is against my principles to-have.’

- ”’“Well, it’s very kind of you and your mother to 'i

go to so much‘ trouble ‘on ‘my account. If I*can
only find’ some way to return it I shall be happy._”
“Don’t worry about it. Take the good things

that come your way and say nothing. That’s the

way I do.” «

Her words‘ put an idea in his head; A few QXGH‘,
k

nings later he invited her to go out for a we.

She readily agreed to go, and her parents offered’

no objection, for they thought Joe aniuncommonly V
nice boy, and felt that “their only dau hter was _
. perfectly safe in his ‘society. Joe took

a jewelry store and asked her to pick out ‘some

little thing that she thought wouldplease her

mother, and. which it, would be proper for him to
present her with. This Kittie did. " e ~

“Now,” said_Joe, “I think th t locket wouldjust 

suit you to wear about your ' eck.‘ so I’m going
to buy it for you.”

“Oh, I’m notlgoing to let you sp,-5.1-vi your money, 

ittie into . . ”

on me,”,she..said, .~with...a shake of lzemshapely‘

head.-

way and say nothing, for that"?
a

Well, now I want to see you ke-good. If you

refuse to accept that locketl will understand that ’

. “Oh, come now, the other day, if you~remembc;r,,  I
you told me to take the g.ood'thiiigs that came my , .
as what you did; 

 

 ‘ " mod . . e .
 I; “Certainly you may have it,” replied -Mr. _
 Staples. ,‘f_What are you. going to do, with it?.'

 

  

it'*is because you don’t care’ to take anything from
me, which would make me i eel badly. You ought "

. to havesome little reward for bringing me my

dinner at noon. This is the only way I can show
my appreciation of your-kindness, so it isn’t fair
‘foryou to turn my good intentions down.”

“Well, I’ll take it this once, seeing that you in-
sist,” she said, with a coquettish smile; “but never
again, remember.”

“Until the next time.” he chuckled.

. Mrs. Staples was very much pleased with her
present, and thanked the boy for it, though she
could not help chiding him just a little bit for
spending his money on her. Kittie showed her
parents her new locket, and they said it yvasxvery
pretty. Her father chalfed her- avlittle over-. it
when Joe was not present, and.the girl ﬂed from
the room with a face as red as a full—blown rose
of the same color. Three months passed away
and Joe Warner had not only proved himself :13
willing and useful assistant in the machine shop,
but he wasbeginniiig to show signs of consid-
erable talent.

One day Joe, while poking around the shop dur-
ing the noon hour, after he had disposed‘ of his
dinner, found a working model of a horizontal en-
ginewith driving rod, ﬂy-wheel, steam chests
complete, and anew kind of steam co denser.
Some man who had worked tl‘ere month before
had designed the apparatus and put it together,

. but the machine had failed to pan out in one very

. important feature that he was unable to rectify,
‘so he hadabandoned the working model, and it
had stood for a long time in a corner of the shop
accumulating rust and dirt. Joe pulled the thing
out and looked at it with much interest. He
asked.one of the men what it was, and was told
what it had been ,built for. ~-
“Parks couldn’t get his new-fangled condenser
topwork,” said the man. < . ‘
“Why not?” asked the boy.

“Give it up. He tinkered at it every day during

. the noon hour for a long time, and ﬁnally gave it

updiri iilisgunst. When he went away he left the V
mo e ‘ ere. .
 “It’s a wonder he did not take it with him. He
mightt_hav,e_ found the solution of the difficulty
some ime. - .
“Possibly, had he lived, he might.”
“Is he dead?” 1
“_Yes; poor chap. He was run down by a freight
train dsoﬁin after’ he went to another shop, and that
up.
wtzlillnwonlcllzr if I could have the model?”
“What 'cosiI1ld you make out of it?” asked the
man curiou y. . r .
“I don't know that I could make anything out
of it. but I’d like to look it over_ and study it.”
.‘?Oh,_ I see what you're aimingat,” -said-the
man. '.“It won’t do any harm for you to use it as
a. kind of object lesson, and may do you a whole

‘ 7 ,l_ot of good. ‘Just you tell Mr. Staples why you‘-

want it‘ and he’ll let vou have it, for I notice he is

‘trying to push youyahead as much as possible.”

So1Joe asked the foreman if he could have the
e-. '

‘L

Clean itup and use it to study up the principles
ojtheisteam engi_iie,?” ' ._ , - , e
“That was wjoiit ' my idea,”. answered Joe

' ,“I-Iopkins ‘_t0ld~me‘that_a man‘ namedfarks put .

\

   

~A.YooNG"ME

‘ the jet condenser the exhaust on entering:

. tubeimbedded in the

o

cHANi

  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
     
   
    
   
    
   
   
 
     
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

C.
it together" as a working model I‘ t'o"demor'i"
some improvement in the;condens'e._r.” . _ 
_“That’s»right. Parks was a clever fellow,
gis schemte VVl:l_Sﬁl0g2hD1‘aCtIcal:1e. ;1‘h‘e mDdQrn’;_:Fg
enser o w ic ere are wo ypes in:igeng:_
use——the surface condenser and thetjetgconderis
I-Si a_£b<>’ut as perfect as human ingenuity‘
e 1- . i * .
“What did Parks expect to accomplish, that’
not already done?”.. .  V.
h“Hisdidea was to make an, absolute vacuum
t e con enser. ’ ‘ ' , ‘ . ’,
“I ‘suppose you mean by that, keeping the‘ .
out altogether/"Joe said, because he knew -itl’!
a vacuum is said to be producedwhen air is 1;":
or less completely removed from the interior?
closed vessel. , , g  - »
‘ That’s about the size of it,” nodded ‘the
man, as _he relighted his pipe. - V j 3 p’
_ Is it impossible to make an absolute vacuum
a E‘(:)[nil):{!'Se1‘?"’t ’. ’ 4 g‘ " 
ieve i is.,’ ;
“Then._why._did Parks waste his tim
do the impossible?”. V‘ 1 . 
im‘/‘eI:gn’t,ycou .knc}w that wlrien ‘son: peopgé7o;f:
,_ ive urn _..o min ge a_. cey ainjj eawgijgg
their head, wgilichtnine ipeopge out_of ten ‘bait,’
is im rac ca , . = ~
to coilivince thfmltlilztatggﬁ «ag*:tu?£ofi1g%’3v’gs
“Is that the way it was with Parks‘1’f;f _
“Yes. Steam is condensed by cold water.
the surface condenser the exhaust steam fcom
contact with a large area of, metallic‘ surf
which is kept cool by contact with cold wate,

e ltryin

chamber comes in contact with la. jet of ‘co
tér. In either case the entering  is
d_ensed to cold water. and in‘ consequences
tial vacuum is found. ‘Understand?”~ "
Joe nodded.‘ ‘  v
“Now, if a suﬂicient amount of cold wa‘
used, the steam on entering wou1diinst'aiiE¥
dense, and a practically perfect vacuum- wﬁ
obtained were it not—for the fact that ~tl"i '"
water of _the boiler always contains a‘_sinall
tity of air,‘ which passes with the e

ii’

. xhausi:
into the condenser, and therefore»‘,;';s,11;is§;
stroys the vacuum. To get rid of this~airth"e
denser is ﬁtted with an air pump‘. Parks
w_asato get rid of the air without the raid
811'-pump. He claimed that if he-could"'dq‘~t_
coud make both fame and fortune. .He didn! ..
ceed, though several times he said he ha'dZ‘hity

At that moment the whistle blew and W6
resumed in the shop.. , . _ . ; *

a week_ to clean up the model, buthje, wax
great industry at the Job and finally 
thing in the shape it_ was when the*m‘ak '
doned it. A steam’ pipe with acock in-“'
one corner of the’ room.‘ Parks had -tappe
inserted the cock in order to get liv'e“stea'
periment with in his model.‘ A thiclgarubﬁer
formed the connection between the ‘coals
smaller cock on the lit 1e engine-‘ .‘Joe‘.f'(§,a
_ , ust, -; and»; Mr 
>I31.a1in¢d the use it had been putt-to 0‘

    
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
    
  
    
  
  

ehoy had-the engine in perfect condition, he
ttached theftube to both the model and_ the cock
"the steam pipe, and turned a little live steam

ii. .
The engine began to work away at dhce. The
'_ am that entered the condenser escaped through

ntopening in the top, for it didn t condense, the

lat, since all that he was really interested in at
p at moment was the working of the miniature
engine. It was admirably constructed, being per-
"t_ inevery detail, and it operated with a
. inoothness that delighted the boy. As the model
‘stood on a shelf out of _anyone’s_way, it wasnt
ecessary to move it when the whistle blew. Joe,
owgver, took the precaution to remove the tube

ys_ in the building might get on to it_some time
hen he was not there, and by turning on too
ifeat a volume of steam, damage the model,
hiizh he wouldn’t be able to repair owing to his
klof mechanical knowledge. For some time
oeainused himself during the noon hour with his
V , king engine, studyingits‘ rhythmic movements
'd_'pondering over the ingenuity of man which
a‘d_:p_roduced. such a wonderful bit of mechanism.
‘ﬁn down in the engine room, Joe, and look at
efeondenser there.” the foremantold him. “Have
 with'the engineer. He’ll be able to tell you
 ﬁve minutes’ than I could in a month.”
offer a week Joe haunted the engine room and

and ‘working of the jet condenser attached~to the
3§i§'~engine. He learned a whole lot in that time.

as the was too ignorant yet of mechanics to guru’
‘ ' ow_.

 ‘sinformation to any practical account.
Tihis conversations with the engineer greatly
restzeddiim-,.in‘the. stationary engine, and_he

 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 

cs” ‘Library of the, town, and reading them
‘~ 7 Thus six months passed away, during which
 made great progress as a young mechanic,
‘_ " was considered bv all hands as an almost in-
§,_p'énsable- adjunct of the shop. He often saw
’ prthilri Crandall around ‘the premises, but he
ercame into the machine room, probabbly be-
W. 31': he fconsidered the place too dirty... One
afﬁernoon Crandall surprised the mechanics of
machine shop by stepping oﬁ' the elevator into
m6m&....Jog gas wo}r_kin§ at a bench near the
Vator, oor an saw im rs . .
'“w"oi1‘der‘what brings him in here?” the boy
_ fi-ed. “By George} He’s loaded, too. Prob-
‘ hat accounts for 1l}.:’ _  . i V
r.anda1l" walked unsteadily about the unoccu-
space. near the elevator, then stopped ,and
' éCliiI'0u1I‘1d'th(}:1  dstaples came up to
ndaspedw a ewane. _
,_01i’1'e:VlIlC€nt Staples, aren’t you?” said the
,_ jry of lie company. 7"
. ;,es,:.th,at’s my name. What can I do for you .
want to talk with you. Come outside some-

 
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 

e, l _ _ - g _
‘You can talk with me here,>can’t you?” replied
oreman. V ’

e"s?’.3_s‘_aid- Crandall. with a feeble kind of

 

. right senses;

(1 .water contact being missing. , Joe didn’t mind,

onnection and hide it for fear that one of the’

estioned the engineereabout ‘the construction‘

7-ta1’<in§: bookson, the subjectsfroiii the Me-"

 would youflike to have asraise in your .

A YOUNG’ MECHANIC ‘ ‘ p ’ ” in ’ 

“I don’t quite understand what you are~trying_

to get at,” said Staples, who was puzzled to ac-'
count for such an offer, except it was due to the
fact that the young man was not strictly in his

. “Staples,” continued Crandall, “you're a ﬁne

mechanic. Understand? A ﬁne mechanic. The
best we have. And you have a ﬁne-looking daugh-
ter. too.” i” '

“Just leave mv daughter out of your conversa-S

tion, Mr. Crandall, and tell me just what brought
you in here,” said Staples in a slightly huﬁy tone.

“I couldn’t leave your daughter out, for I came
to talk about her. Understand? I've met her
several times, but I ﬁnd her rather coy. Thinks
I'm too tony for her, I guess. Now I want you to
put in a good word for me with; her. Let her
know that I would only be too delighted to escort
her around to places of amusement -and treat her
to dinner afterward. My automobile will be al-

ways at her service with or without myself. Un-’

derstand? Any day she’d like to take an outing
in the suburbs let me know, Staples. Drop" a note

in the office addressed to me, and I'll send my’ ‘‘

chauffeur with the. machine around to ‘your
house.” . ’ * -

As Crandall proceeded the foreman waxed hot, I

underthe collar. . He deeply resented the familiar
way that young‘ Crandall talked about the girl‘,
and he was about to cut the dude oﬂ’ short when
Crandall said: ' ’ , « ' ,
' “You ﬁx‘ it so I can take her out tomorrow
afternoon, Staples,‘and I'll see that you get $5 a‘
week more in your pay, envelope!’ ' '
“What's that?’; roared Vincent Staples, the

foreman, springing at Crandall and dealing him a _ ,
blow on the chest that sent him staggering toward '
the open elevator.

Seein the young man’s peril, Joe ran forward
and gra ed him just in time. - ,

 

"CHAPTER V.-'—The Projected Abduction.’

The forema.n’s angry exclamation, and the blow,
that followed it. drew the attention of every man

in the shop to the point where the disturbance was I ‘
They saw the ponderous Staples .

taking place.
glaring at the secretary of the company as Joe
dragged him away from the edge of the elevator

‘ shaft. . At that moment the elevator came down
and paused at the floor for a machinist to get I
oif. ' Staples immediately seized the disconcerted_
Crandall by the arm. bundled him aboard the ele- _ -

vator, and told theman to take him downstairs

to the-oﬂice. Joe was as much in the dark as any— ' '

one else as to the cause of the foi-eman’s attack
on Crandall. ’

“The only way I can account for it is that the "1

dude must have said‘ something to Mr. Staples
thathe wouldn’t stand for. I can't iina no what

it could’ be, though, for the foreman icon dn’t help »
seeing that Crandall was pretty tipsy, and con- ,
Asequeritly not fully responsible»-for what he said.”
When the shop closed forcthe day, and Joe’ , .
started for home with the foreman,’ as washis _

custom, he learned from Mr. Staples’ lips thetrlie
cause of the brief scrap. '

“‘Does, he imagine ‘because ,I.’m an employee or [.
the company. that he has a right to pay his un-. I‘ l

welcome attentions to my- daughter?'j growled Mr;
Staples, after he had:exp1ained.,matters to Joe; .

  

 ‘V6 c «   V  i A YOUNG Mnciisuic 

 
   
   
  

“He was half shot. He didn't realize What he stance. It was necessary for the success cofftli
was saying,” replied Joe. _ « enterprise, that the girl should be‘ decoyed ‘£ro'

“Whether he did or not, it was in his mind, and her home after dark. One evening‘. 511.515 avftel
the liquor brought it out. I suppose he’s seen dark, 2. smallboy pulled the bell at the’ Staple
Kittie bring our dinners around. She never told house, anhwhen Kittie answered the ring the zbo
me that Crandall noticed her in any way.” i said he had brought a note for Miss-.. Kitti

“Gee!” thought the boy. “If Mr. Staples knew Staples. ‘ - .. N
that the dude tried to kiss Kittie the day I caught '‘‘That’s my name,” she said promptly.‘ ‘3Give.i
on to the job in the shop-, and that he would have to me. Who sent you?” . " c ’ . 1

succeeded only that I interfered. I’m afraid there “Hattie Forrest. She said I was to bring bac

would be something more doing in the secretary's an answer.” . . - ’ a 1-’ . -1. -,

Way-” . “Wait a minute till I read it.”\ ’ i  i
Joe, on the score of prudence, did not volunteer Kittie ran into the sitting_mom’ wherep she‘

any information on the subject. ,When they f «ch d- th - - —- . -.
reached the house Mr. Staples opened up the sub-i tie ﬁgtgagnlégarelarif tehe §;i%1‘;,I;§g,I3aper.’ tqlle ‘f?°v
ject with his daughter: at §n1(ie.h é-Ie' wanted tg’  p ' »  .. ,
know to what extent. ran a a ‘ever notice p «D - K-tt~ : —   ‘
her, and whethenshe had given him the least eii- nightfags Ilwlgnt $01156 agfgngn  .
couragement. Kittie admitted‘ that the young’ neg-S_ Excuse handwriting.’ as I buméd my _-ﬁsh ,9} .

— man had spoken to her several times, but that she hand at the Stove a while ago and I canﬂhardi,

» that afternoon. but he told his wife later on, and-

’ a certain roadhouse a few miles outside of

aid. e « i
- p- Accordingly, Crandall and his cronies visited hedge withing couple of feet: oft“ siﬁtpw

' scheme, but he couldn’t ‘aiford to turn down such SW91‘ in 3 few minuu‘-Sr" Said 59113 0f themr  if
.. an important and proﬁtable personage as Arthur ,3 1303‘ Of C189-1‘et,teS from 1,119’ P°°k9t 9«ndT‘°ﬁe1'i_
Crandall.’ . The young dude had inﬂuence enough “7 t° each 013 h15-- companions. “then W€'11*.k11

A questratian at th-e top of the house. The be'st-la.id ‘’ these chapswere and what was in the A
- ~ schemes of mice and men, according to 9. famous ﬂash oﬁga match lit up the faces of the three

had turned down his advances ever . time in a. hold m u,_ Dom, 1,u¢°c°m,.“ u»wmm« . .
way that oufht to have .convinced h in that she mmuh n2. 1, you as not L“ , b§°u”:-otggxi
wanted-noth ng Atopdolwlth him. Mr. -‘staple did know whether you are coining. crust «and zwhw
not tell his daughter what occurred in'the shop - l «Yours, as ever’—:ﬁATTIE_,;,
she told Kittie next day, though Joe gave her an .1-here was omethin tr n . V 1 . , w- ~ "
inkling of the truth that eYen}nz- . besides the hasndwriting, swificil edlatib(;i1<ftTll1d?ik¥l,ita
It was decided that the girl wasinot to come to Hattie:s"Vbut than the writer had ekplainedg
the works’ any more. anfi therea.ﬁ°r°° and the she had crippled her hand at the stove‘and‘-co ‘
foremaircarried their dinner pails with them in hardly write The.t°ne of the note,did.n0t. Sam
the m°min8' hke the “her men Wh° dld n°tlfr°' like Hattie, still it" was quite possible that Bliss
. uent a restaurant. _ Staples expected to be called For-rest had dashed it off in a hurry and at -53-
°“”‘ t° th°‘°m°° .t° “We 3" e"P1anat‘°" t° the hazard. At any rate there was. noireason my
head. of the establish ent for his attack on his . Kittieshould Sdspect the genuinvenesslof t-hevﬁ-6. _'
nephew» but 31019111112 11 .3 that haPp‘°:“.°d' and mat‘ so she ran back to the door and told the  '
iters went on as before the dudeia visit. Crandall would be over to Hatws house in half an. ho =
himself, howev_er, had a_ perfect recollection of As $00 as th -b t th. 1    .
‘the incident,_ though he did not mention the mat- oﬁ. Joe limd 0:8 °Vt'g° 1, 15 11°F {£5 9 
ter to his uncle, because he did not care to face ﬁs'i't a friend ﬁt. h.S°“ ha‘ 1.eWdmmu~ﬁ‘b.¢.;°’°,
an explanation of- the affair. _ He determined to rest leavin Word1ﬂ;a‘:’h‘; lvfuldniallb  * Ea‘
get square with the foreman .]lLlSt the same, and Vpasti nine “Kittie told hérwmoth 9 tha ff ‘
in a way that would enable him to kill two birds received a‘ not 1. h f . d Hert. 3 . 5
with ‘me stone’ ' ‘ ' to come arouiiidrglrllat etlveliliezll ‘arid; lehaslifdll V
' . He took counsel with a couple of boon compan- mother to be Sure and ten Jog; to cogeeaﬂé 
ions, who were as unscrupulous as himself, and Then she went upstairs to change» he 7 o'wnA'- -
they readily agreed to help him out. All three ﬁx up a bit. In the meantime Joe half 6,‘
believed that their ‘money and social positions his friendas house ‘ when he anivéd at hiya-~
W0‘-‘dd P1"°te°t them if tmubl? ‘.’r°Pped °“§ °f ll‘ tination hevfound" much to his ldisa " oinwe?
Their plan was "to kidnap Kittie Staples Just to that his friend -ha’d gdne.out forcthe lgehin .j
scare her father, and have her held a prisoner at there was nothing, for him to do but ityiét :
home again. — ”,* ‘

Darien. This house was kept by an ex-pugilist,' - A - "‘ .
and was frequented by thefashionable young men heﬁehai iéiuﬁheisciéz r?efn(()iI;I:n}1ll;§‘n ;:h§ﬁg,i}t::.H1nn‘ﬁe
of the town. Before tliekidnapping scheme could "Street an aut0m$1e dashed u and-.sto.  3.
be carried into effect it was necessary to enlist fmnt’of the house . Three yoiim menppslijru»
the proprietor of _the roadhouse in the enterprise. out and Joe thinkfng they’ were Ezjsjtoz-s.1ﬁ.an
As considerable risk would attach to it, there was hedge he hag -just left drew back'~_t'°~ her A
no doubt that the man would insist on being well enter. After Raking ép and down . ea,

shady..stree,t‘, they stepped up a1ongsi__e. o

 
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
 

 

 

 

the roadhouse and had a talk with the former .
prizoﬁghter, _whose name was Grid Hathaway. Joﬁéimi m the I-9;'1°°m' ; ., . ,  
I-Iathaway,_didn’t fancy being mixed up in the 5 057 0118‘ t 150 be “P this Way .W1,'5h .511’

 

to spoilibusiness at the roadhouse if he chose to Wheliher Miss Staples is C°!'f1in£€ 01‘ 1101?.-”l  
exercise it,» so._an arrangement was ﬁnally made . _ Joe gave a start of surprise when helheardjﬁﬁv
,for thereception of Kittie Staples, and her se- 1tie’s name mentioned. and he began-to~wondes.who

poet, oft no astray. And so it was in this in- momen 

V‘ \

   

or two as each lighted hia'"‘ciga

I

 A YOUNG

to Joe's astonishment he recognized

one of the
‘ "young men as Arthur Crandall. "

 

 I CHAPTER VI.—The Young Mechanic to the
V 3 . Rescue.

 

“Suppose the girl brings an escort with her——
.that young mechanic, for instance, who is board-
, ing- at her house-—that is liable to lead to a com-

'jpl'ication,” said one of the young men. ” .

1, “Oh, I gues_s_we can handle I'l1IIl,‘t00, ’repli_ed

Crandall carelessly. “If he’s with her well give

him a tap on the head ﬁrst, and while one of us
‘ isattending to him. the other two can throw.the
‘ .' shawl over Nﬁss Stap1e’s head and hustle her into
I the machine. The moment we’re off, we'll be

H

ca.-safe. .. , — . « *‘
‘ ?.”-.'‘Y ‘Y ‘ otiiled I-I th s that he me .1001:

:40: ,u:“to alyrlllng the ﬁll: to‘Xisyplsee,tonia‘ht?'l' said
»the third young man.

 

  
   

 ping-‘the ashes from the endof his cigarette.

 f‘ taples is sure to notify the police when his
Lv daughter doesn't return. home‘ at the usual ‘time
.'o'_a'ndi he ﬁndsthat she hasn’t been at Miss For-
; res IS )7

_, “What do we care?" asked Crandall. “No-
body will suspect us of carrying the rl ‘mi’, and
the roadhouse will be the last place ey ll think
. of. in connection with her. ’ ‘
 “Here comes the boy now,
‘others. -
/“Go and meet him. Brett.” said Crandall. “(cu

, hired him to deliver the note, and there is no need
for him to see us.” _ ‘
J: The person addressed as Brett immediately
went forward and metthe boy ‘several yards
away. Joe, standing in the shadow of the ‘hedge,
hadbeen almost paralyzed with astonishment at
n the revelation he had been listening to. ‘

‘_ “The roadhouse they expect to take her to must
be Hathaway's. place,” muttered Joe." “That's the
only roadhouse I know of anywhere around. It’s
a’. .sporting place, where I've heard they have
.—glove ﬁghts once in a while. All the town dudes
" ﬂock, there to have a good time. What a nerve
’.Crandall has to go into a trick of this kind. He’s
"supposed? to be agentleman, too. I suppose his
’ object is to give Kittie a scare. Wants to get back
 atgher becau. she won’t accept his attentions.
Or, maybe this is the way he's trying too revenge
himself‘ on her father for the blow he got in the
It’s a foolish piece of business,‘ anyhow,

   
  
   

 

” said one of the

 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 

 

  
  
  
   
   
   
    
  

"  l k th
Izittie Evodld gcetythe fright of her life if those
chaps succeeded in running off with her.” '

anion. . ,

*. : “Miss Staples has swallowed the bait and will
be. along this _way in half an hour, _, he said.
"fShe’ll have to come alone. for the kid told _me
that he met the mechanic, Joe Warner, going
somewhere.” r ._ _ .» _ '
e - ?‘.‘Good,,” ‘replied, Crandall, lighting a fresh ciga-
rette... “We’1l_ have things, all our way. Go’ and
get-ithe shawl out of the machine, Otis, so we ll be

Otis. obeyed instructions.

, . _

t'I“I?ve attended to that.” replied Crandall, ﬂip-_

and,he's bound toﬁget in trouble over it. How-,
 W *= W ‘°‘li‘: .i.:rls: M: at

. Brett now, returned to Crandall and his com-_

all ready‘ to grab her suddenly when she-passes.” .

MECHAl\lIC

7.

“How long do you expect to keep the girl at

Hathaway’s?” asked Brett.
“A week or two.
old man up, and make him think she’s

Long enough to break her

disappeared

-for good. He’s got to pay up for that blow he
gave me. I’d have had him ﬁred from the shop it
I could have seenmy way clear to do it.”

-‘«‘Why couldn't you?
the works?” >~
“Of course I ampbut that doesn't

Aren’t you

thority over the hands,” replied Crandall.

secretary of

give me au-
“The

superintendent runs the’ works,.a.nd he takes his
orders from my uncle. '_ Staples is a good hand,
and he wouldn’t be discharged justto oblige me.”

Whileﬁthey were talking, Joe was ﬁguring how
he‘ could block the scheme at the critical moment.

wish my‘ friend Taylor. was here,” he .

thought, meaning the boy who lived in the house

behind him. .‘.‘I’1l bet theitwo of us

interésti ' for these“ dudes.

- rat
I, Agiis friend" aylor wasn't/thereihe

gvould imikeyit '

-ha’d~to de-

pend entirely on himself. So he waited with some

I
ready for business.

Unsuspicious of what was ahead of her, Kittie "
Staples‘ came tripping up the street.

impatience for the crisis of the affair.
Here she comes'.:' said Brett presently.



She saw

the automobile drawn up alongside the curb, but
paid no attention to it. As she drew nearer she
made out the three young men standing ‘close to
the hedge, ap arently engaged in conversation.

She did not

ream they were waiting there for

her. I Joe couldn’tiSee:her from the spot where‘
he stood, owing to‘ the top of the hedge which ob-
structed his view. He held the gate open an inch»
or two in readiness to ﬂing back and rush out.
“You speak to her, Brett," said Crandall, “and

when she sto s and turns I'll ﬂing the shawl over ‘ ’ ‘
then we’ll both grab her and force‘
I guess you'd better

her head, an
her into the machine.

get on

the front seat, Otis. and be in readiness tostart.

off the moment I give the word.”

“All right," said Otis, crossing and getting

the auto.

‘ In another moment or two‘ Kittie‘

abreast of the conspirators, and

‘into

Staples was ‘
then Brett

stepped up to her, raising his hat politely.
‘ “I beg your pardon, miss, can you .tell me

where-—,——” ‘ — ,
Kittie stopped and .looked
young fellow as he spoke.

at the

well-dressed E
The moment she turned

her back toward the hedge, Crandall shook out the

folds of the shawl and dashed at her.

Joe, who

was watching him closely, sprang out through the
gateway, and just as the shawl fell over the girl's
, head the young mechanic struck Grendel! a heavy

“Run, Kittie, run!” cried J
ened and astonished
cut at Brett's jaw. 1
. The young fellow, taken by su

_blow under’ tlieear that sent him stasneri
"toward the auto, dragging the shawl with im. , .
Qe, to. the fright- ,
girl as he ﬁlmed an upper— ‘

OVGI

rise, failed to

dodge in time, and Joe's jﬁst made is teeth rattle

like a.Vpair of castanets. Joe gave.
to recover, but smashed him inthe

him no‘ time  ‘ I i
c with his .

left, following that up with a’ crack ii the nose

with his right. Brett, staggered by the assault, ,
further punish: ‘ 
attenhionl to-c -
an
a

jumped into theauto to escape

s It mt. and Joe
Crandall.   . .
“Who in thunder are you?” dem
Idall, as-Joe rushed at,h_i1n.-

once more turned his

.,is,‘.

faded" crap} ‘

/I

   

  

8 .

“Find out,” replied the boy, striking out at the
dude ‘

 Crandall parried the blow and called ,on.his_

‘xcompanions for help. Otis, who had been thun-
derstruck at Joe’s sudden appearance and whirl-3
wind attack on his companions, jumped out of
the auto when he saw that their assailant was
alone, and he was only a boy. Brett also recov-
ered his nerve again, though his face was badly
damaged, and he responded to Crandall’s call.
Kittie, perceiving, that the young mechanic in
whom she took so ‘much interest, was in serious
danger of being knocked out by the three young
men,-uttered a slirill scr am for help, which
echoed up and down the reet on the still night

air. \
“Confound it!” roared Crandall. “The game is
up and all on account of this chap. Tackle him
low down, Brett,vand then*we’ll ﬁnish him.”
Brett, who had been a good football-player at
his college, ﬂung his arms around Joe’s thighs
and slipped his hold to his knees. The other two
closed in on him at the same moment and the boy
was bowled over on his back. His head struck
upon the stone pavement and he was rendered
unconscious. Kittie continued to scream for
help, and people in the immediate neighborhood
threw up their windows to. ascertain what the

trouble was.’ A man came out from ‘one of the ,

nearby housesand started for the scene of the
trouble. Brett saw him coming.

“We’ve got to skip, and skip quick,” he said
hurriedly. '

“Throw this chap into the machine and we'll be
off,”:'replied Crandall, grabbing Joe by the ‘head
and shoulders. . _ B

“What the dickens do you want to monkey, with
‘him for? Let him lie there,” said Brett impa-
tiently. , I ~

“No,” answered Crandall doggedly, “this fel~
lbw spoiled our game and gave me a crack under
the ear that_I feel yet. Bundle him in and we’ll
carry him out into the woods where we can get
square with him at our leisure.” .

As there was no time to argue with ,Crandall,

3 and he seemed determined to have his way, -Brett

in rush.

reluctantly helped carry» the young mechanic to
the auto and dump him in between the two seats.
Otis was\already seated in the chaiif'feur’s place,
and the moment Brett climbed in alongside of him
he started the vehicle, and off they went with a

0

CHAPTER VH.—The Collision in the Road.

“Confound the luck!” growled Crandall, who
was furious‘ over the failure of their well-laid
plans. “Only for this boy wefd have succeeded.
People.who butt in where they’re not wanted"
ought to be made examples of.” r _ .

“He knows how to use his fists, blame him!”
responded Brett. f‘I’ll have a black eye tomor-
row as sure‘ as fate, and my nose feels as sore as
‘a boil. The first blow he gave me nearly broke

" my jaw.” , ’
V “I, can’t ﬁiderstand‘ how he came to be on hand
at the critical moment.” said Otis. “Seems as

i
.. 5 he was on to ,—us, and he pitched in when we wefﬁ
 unprepared. for his 5ja,tt_ack.

I wouldn’t .be sur-

' prised"b.ut. it is“that_‘ ybung mechanic who boards

    
 

V  --‘with the Staﬂles.‘ Sou know ‘him by sight, Cran-

 Strike

-a match and see if ‘it is he.’’_

‘/

' iv.»

A YOUNG MBOHANIC T I

 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
 

Crandall pulledout ‘a silver match-safe, selected

a match and struck it under the shelter of that
front seat, as the auto left the last houses of the?
town‘_beh1nd and spun along the country road in
the direction of Hathaway’s establishment. Flasli-:
mg the ﬂame over the unconscious boy’s face he‘-
saw that he was the young mechanic, Joe War4
ner. Crandall uttered a _subdued imprecation.
Although he had an indistinct idea that Joe had
saved him from pitching down the freight ele—
va_tor shaft the afternoon the foreman of the ma-
chine shop struck him, he felt no especial’ grati-f
tudetoward the boy. He had a standing con-
tempt for people who belonged to the working
classes, and as Joe was a plain mechanic, and a‘
long way from being a skilled one at that, .he. re-..
garded the lad with very little_consideration7. , _ _ .
He s the chap you took him for,” he said ;to.

..wav. -

Otis.
“You
“I do.
Oltlis whistlleld. ' — " ,. .g,-
“ e must ave been hidi behind h- ' '  9‘

while we were talking,” Hg ‘ t e “hedge

“I don’t see what brought him there.” - ' "
“Nor I; but the evidence points that.way.. If

he heard all we said he’ll expose us, and the. girl’a..

father will probably have us arrested for at-

tempted abduction.” ? \
Nothing can be iprovedi

“Oh, fiddlesticksl
against us.” _
“I.don’t know about that,” put in Brett. “Miss
Staples will swear that one, of us threw a shawl‘
oveiwliiier head." ’ .,
at if she does? She’s 01: to ide if 
which she wont’ be able to do, is she onlgvtcalfugllhﬁé;
a glimpse of us in the dark.” B .  , - ,
“The mechanic will be able to do it if he was
watching us long enough. -» Remember, he 
have seen our faces in the matchlightzwhen "we.
lighted our cigarettes.” . *\ '  ._
Crandall uttered another imprecation. He was"
supposed to,be a young gentleman, but hig§x1a,;;.-
guage wasnt always on a par with» his ‘social
standing. In fact all the young dudes ‘who: fre."
quented Hathaway’s were not over‘ particular? at
times, in respect to the words they used. « 

“If I" was sure your suspicions were right

:‘l§ou’d what?” asked.Brett as he paused.C T‘ ;
‘Id go in for_ putting this cad where4,,l:le'
wouldn’t be able to testify against 111:.” f , , I r
“Where is that?” asked Brett curiously. , ' -
“Oh, I guess Hathaway would ﬁx him for 1:13.",
“is that where you intended to take him, that"
you were so anxious -to get him into the auto!“ 
. “No. I intended that we should" take himfouii
in..the \woods beyond here, tie him to a tree,”g.ivé’
him a good licking.‘ and leave him to "get back.
town as best he could.” . ‘ ‘ 5
“Is that" still your intention?” v
~ “I should like to do it’if he doesn’t knowtao
much.” u ‘- ‘T . ‘F T ’[,‘_
“And suppose Hathaway, ﬁnds out that,,l1e~
knows enough to make trouble, what then?”
asked Otis. V ‘ V, ,'  ,
f‘He must be kept out of the way until the It
fair» blows over.” i - ‘ _ gv‘
“At Hathaway’s?”  y « g
“I don’t know of a better place.” ' ' * ,
“But. Gid may object "to taking charge-of .11 i,
one the ground that it might, “comproiniseyhim” '

mean theyoung mechanic?”
?’

7

 

  

I, .‘,

‘ ‘.‘I-Ie agreed to hold Miss Staples for a week or .

 two, and that was a more ticklish Job than hold-
ing this chap.” . ' ,
“It will cost you considerable to come to such
‘an arrangeirient with _I-Iathaway,” said Brett. _‘ If
‘ ou could get him shipped off’ somewhere I think

, it would be the better plan._ _ _

 I '.“I’ll see Hathaway about it. Your idea is a
7‘ I ood one.” ‘ _ ,
5' v g,Joe had regained his senses while the foregoing

" «conversation was going on, and after realizing
 ’ that he was being carried somewhere in the auto,
7: i he listened to the talk with eager interest in order
4“ “to find out all he could, which he might subse-
., oiuently be able to use against the three young

~ dudes. The boy’s position, jammed in on the ﬂoor
 of the vehicle. was not a pleasant one. Further-
rv more, one of Crandall’s shoes rested on his up-
”tu-rned arm, while the other was planted on. his
. thigh. He couldn’t make a move without attract-
ing the secretai-y’s attention, and Joe had an idea
* that it would be best for him to play ’possum for
, a thepresent. _ _ ,

.‘_’ -Having a good pair of cars he could distinctly
’ hear all that passed between thethree young
'men. Joe wasn’t particularly concerned about
 what the immediate future held in store ‘for him.
" He was conﬁdent that he could take care of him-

self under all circumstances. As long as‘Kittie
‘- had escaped the trap designed for her, he was
x contented. He even chuckled quietly when he
“thought of the, smash in the ear he had given to
.»Crandall. and ‘the three sockdolagers he had

treated Brett’s face to.‘ The auto was sweeping

around a turn of the road and was going at _a
~'t‘i‘dy'clip. , Otis, who was doing the driving, di-
. vided his attention pretty evenly between his duty
1 in hand, and Crandall on the rear seat. . The re-
sultiwas he didn’t see a farm wagon Jogging along
in -the middle of the road ahead, until Brett hap-

ened to_notice it himself‘-r and yelled, “Look out,
. b. Shut off and put on the brakes or we’ll be

~' thatri ."
'  the sagme time he ‘grabbed the bulb alarm
Tand squeezed it, sending forth-a succession of
"most/unearthly “honks.”‘ That sound woke up the
‘driver ahead and he turned out of '_the way. Otis,
3 however, wa, unable to stay the ﬂight of the ma-

ghine quiek esimugh to clear the wagon. The thick
"1-i11bber»tire of. the auto struck one of the hind
twhieels of the wagon with ‘considerable force,
W smashed it and swung the vehicle around. The.
auto also veered out of its course and ran side-
"ways into the fence, striking a_pole, -demolishing
part of the fence; and then coming to a stop with
assuddenness that jawed all hands ‘badly. ,
'.."I‘his is a high ,old note,” cried Crandall,"
ringing out into the road.

    
 
  

 

    
   
 
 
  

 

   
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   

 

 

ck the driver of the wagon was. also standing
in the 1-oad,«~g'azing' ruefully at the broken wheel
‘ hiclghad let that end of the vehicle down -on‘,tlie
 ” fthhb. ‘ .
§,°'1“‘aR:1l1£a;.)s?erttl(ie briiku. Otis, and let us back the
machine into the road?’ said Crandall. “I hope
1: ?isn’tjd'amaged so We can't pI‘0Ceed- .
.’.l?he,three got "busy, but he auto wasstuck
last in the ruins of the fence,

   
     
    
 
 

my_’
253,,

, .

a;nda1l,"s,t last. “Our strength is not sufficient
this emergezicy." ‘

    

o
’ v .

‘His companions followed suit. ‘ A few yards, .

We’ll have to» borrow that man’s horses,” said‘

‘fYau’1l~haye to‘p_ay him for his b1'ok_en wgieei

 
 

1

'-‘i&'Y0lING MECHANIC 1 A  1 f  '9

or it isn’t likely he'll accommodate us with the . «

use of his horses to help us out.
he has the bulge on us," said Brett.

“Well, let’s go over and argue the matter with
him," said Crandall.

That is where

Accordingly, quite forgetful of their prisoner, »

the three young men walked over to the spot
where the teamster stood ﬁguring out the prob-
lem of how he was going to proceed on three
Evhieli, with the load of agricultural implements
e a . *

CHAPTER VIII.—Joe’s Escape and Return to
. Town.

Joe had been shaken up as well as the others
in the auto whenthe machine came into contact
with the fence. but’ he was not hurt beyond a cut
lip. While Crandall and his companions were
trying unsuccessfully to back the auto he saw the
chance to jump out and make his escape in the
darkness. He did not take immediate advantage
of -the oﬂportunity, however, as he saw that the
machine was stuck fast, and he thought he’d wait

a while to see what the dudes were going to do ,

under the pircumstances. When he heard ‘Cran-
dall talk about getting the teamster’s horses to
pull the auto clear, he concluded to slip away be-
fore they put this plan into practice. He waited
till they walked away, and then crawling out on

the side of the broken fence, he crept away under,

cover of the bushes.-till he reached a point oppo-
site the disabled wagon. There he stopped to
watch the progress of negotiations between Cran-

dall and the driver of the farm vehicle. ~ s

"‘I want to borrow your horses to pull ‘my ma,-

‘chine back into the road,” said the secretary of

the Crandall Works. , .
The teamster favored him with an angry stare.

“Are, you the owner of that auto?” he asked. a

‘ I “I am‘): 1

“Are you going "to pay me for the damage _

you’ve done my wagon?” ‘ ' p ‘ .

“I am not responsible for that. You took up
more than your share of the road, and when we
tooted, you moved aside so slowly that we struck
your wheel, and that caused the auto to shy into

the fence whereit is stuck. I think I have a bet- ‘
ter case against you than you have against me. ~

I’ll let you off if you’ll lend me yourhorses.”

.“Wh_v don't you back with your own power‘!
I’ve seenzthem machines move both ways.”

“It won’t back for some reason. We want the
use of your horses to pull it clear so we can ex-
amine it.” _  _. ‘

. ".‘Give,me» $5 to pay for a new wheel
help ’yo1i—‘get your machine’ into the road.”

,7 Crandall handedhim a note and then the driver V I A‘
He attached his]

assumed a friendly attitude.
horses to the rear of theauto and they dragged

it_ back. to the road. The teamster then rehitched .
his horses to his own wagon and drove off slowly,’

walking in the road" himself. Crandall took of.
‘his coat and crawled under his auto to see what
the difficulty Was there. While he was thus‘ em-
ployed, Brett remembered [their ‘prisoner and
looked for him“ He found he had disappeared.

“The beggar recovered his senses’ whileiwe were  
talking to the farmer and’ made his escape," he" 
said to Otis. “Crandal1‘will.be hot when he ﬁnds . 

leave.f'. P

out that the mechanic has taken French

  

 

and 1711 *

  

  
 

 it

A YOUNG MECHANIC

Crandall called fora couple of tools and he‘

patched up the trouble so that the auto was in
’ shape to resume its journey.
“All aboard.” he said. ‘(Let’s get on.”
“No use of going any further,” said Brett, “the
, prisoner has skipped.”

“The dickens!” eiaculated Crandall, looking at
the space between the seats where their late pris-
oner had been stowed. and ﬁnding the place va-
cant. “When did he get away? Why didn’t you
let me know in time and we’d have given chase
to him.” '

“I didn’t see him‘when'he got away. That
must have happened while we were talking to the
farmer,” replied Brett.

' Crandall said a number of things expressive of

‘ his chagrin at the escape of Joe Warner, but the

exhibition did not do him any good. Finally he
said:

“Of course he’s started back for town. We’ll
iurnﬂback, too. Maybe we’ll be, able to recapture

im. ,

‘,1 Brett shrugged his shoulders. Both he and Otis

’ thought it very unlikely that the" youngmechanic
"would permit himself to be recaptured. As a
matter of‘fact, Joe hadn’t_ started for town yet.
'11}-le \lNe;s stilltcroucliilng behigild the fteiicet, Vvgitching

. is a ecap ors. e saw em_ge in o e ma-
bhine, turn around and start back for Darien.
iI‘h<-;;3i'(ivi‘he came out from his\h1ding—place and fol-

ow on foot. -
“I've ‘got quite a walk before _me,f’ he muttered.
“I must be’ all of four or ﬁve miles on the road to
Ngwgateii Well, a little extra exercise won’t do
me any‘_ arm.‘ " ,
, . Presently he heard the ‘sound of wheels behind.
A light wagon, driyen by a boy, came up. Joe
'l'lailed him and he reined in. '
‘ “How far are you going?” asked the young ine-
 ; n . .. ~
. O own. ‘ i .
“Give me a.ride _and' I’ll give you a quarter.” ‘
“Jump in,” replied_ the youth. _ ,.
Joe sprang up, beside him and offered him the
moneys ' ” y « ‘
"Can "you spare it?’_’ asked the boy, thinking
that if Joe was tramping the country road that
‘ _he could not have much»money..
*~ “Sure. Take it.” _
 4“I’l1 be glad to haye it, for I don’t see many
‘ qu‘a1'ters,; but I don't 'w_an‘t_to rob you.” ' .
Don't worry about robbing me. There is more
where that came from. , _ .
.“How' far have you walked?” asked the boy.
. ‘‘,From.Newgate'.’” > “ , V .
.._“Hardly,” laughed Joe. I-ve walkedhabout a

-f y [quarter of a mile.” '

*2‘ . r‘»‘-'I‘hat»va1l.? Where

did you come ffrom:‘.7: .There
''.isn’t a house this side of the roadhouse, and that’s
‘two miles from here.” ;. 1 3
» , <"‘I started from the turn in the I935-" ‘ ” 
‘ “But you must havewalked to the turn. .
' “No,” re lied Joe. ” ‘
“How di youvget there, then?

‘ “In an automobile.”

 

‘1, ‘  «No auto passed line." _
' ‘_9Thi’s veh‘cIe came froni Dairien.”

‘ ‘Then I o 2;ht‘to havermet 1t.”'“  y l .

j v ,‘‘No. ' It only went ‘as far as the turn, where I‘
gotout, and then.-it weiitback»-again.”  _

.—-i“why"did;you get out at that ’lonely spot‘! h

   
 

.

\;-. ‘

 

‘ without walking.”

4 kept his face averted. The auto swept by lik

* should ‘do_-so.’’,'. * .

 

footsteps brought'Kittie into the hall.

‘prised. .“‘What do you mean?”

‘ story ,of_ in it," _

   
 
 
 
  
    
  
  
   
 
  
    
    
    
 
     
     
    
   
     
  
   

And how‘ is it that you -are going back the way ,
you came?” asked the boy, looking puzzled; A ’-.’ ' ,
"‘Well, you see, the chaps in the auto br0‘|1ght-_'.;;
me out this way against my will, and I am’ tak- 
ing advantage of ‘your team to get’ back to ‘town,

 

“Did they bring you out to make you walk
back?"  ' 
“No. They had another purpose which-went
wrong oiiaccount of a collision we Jiad with a
farm wagon.” _ ' -
“I met a wagon going on three wheel,”
the boy. ' _ .. V
“That was the vehicle webutted into.” i -"'
Just then they came in sight‘of the auto. It
was standing still and Crandall was tinkering at
it again. , * y . I. I _
‘_‘Is that the auto ahead?” asked the boy. , ’ J, ”
“I judge that it is. ‘Drive by it quickly.‘ I don't) ‘
want those fellows to hold you up and drag me oi!
the seat.” . '  f 
“Why should they do" that?” x , ' .
“Because they’re down on me and want to. get
me in their power.” ' ' 7,  '
“Oh,” said.th_e boy, whipping up his mare.’ _
Joe bent over and turned his face away as they
came up,with the auto and passed it, He was not.
recognized by either Brett or. Otis, much to I11
satisfaction. Before they had gone on half» so
mile they heard the “chug-chug” of the'auto'be‘-
hind at a spanking gait. ‘ v ’ rm
“Keep well to the right.” said Joe. "Give them
as much of the” road as possible." ’ '”‘ ‘y
The boy did so, and .again Joe bent down an‘

said

8. small whirlwind, its occupants paying very little‘
attention to the twoboys perched on.,)the.~wag1m5.‘
seat. In’ a few minutes the machinéwas outﬂ»
sight, and Joe breathedeasier. “In 
they entered the town’. and Joe got down‘ st_/1:1;
nearest point to his home. It was. nesrl_y'eIeve
o'clock when he reached the Staples’ ‘cot'ta’g"
There was ‘a light in the sitting-room. Hoe
tered with,his,1atch-key, and the sounldl of 1:
er 4:
were red as if she’ had been crying, and'she’lo_o ‘
worried? The moment shesaw. him she spra
forward with a glad cry. . y ,— 
“Oh, Joe, whereydid those me’ « carry.,you~.o
to?” she exclaimed, catching him by the hand
“Father has notiﬁedpthe police, and-a' cOuple@_0£
oﬂicers have been sent out to hunt for youand
the auto.” ‘ . r ,    
“They carried me about ﬁve miles out 3.101;:
the county'road and then I managed to getawa
from th’ein.”~ _ r‘ , .’ ‘ ' . ,,
.“Who were those youngunen? .Do ,you.k’n. A,
One of them threw “a shawl, overniy headyan
when he pulled it away you wereiﬁghtingr
them. I heard you‘ call out to me'.to* ‘V 
d,idn?t. because I couldn’t understand -~w’liy~

»“I suppose you will be surprised to’ learnbtha
you were the cause of the whole busine'ss,”.:.said"=.
oe- ‘  ., . i   _:- 
“Me the cause!” ejaculated Kittie,~greatl»yAsu‘r—
o “Are ' '
room?” _ y
- “They are.”  . T _,,f" . T ,;
“Their we will go ill. there"Ij- ill



   
  

your father‘ and mothérf in‘-the”

T’. “- \‘

 

 1

    
 
  
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
    

‘Joe's’ appearance was‘ hailediwith satisfaction
_ "Mr. and, Mrs.’ Staples. They, too_,wanted to
i know how far’ he had been carried in the auto,
- pajwhat, if anything, its occupants had done to

%

ma ~ - 3. _ ‘ _

-» ‘!‘I’d better begin my story at the beginning, and
then you’ll understand it better,” said‘ the young
mechanic. “I think Vou’l1 admit that it is a seri-
ous matter, and will call for the services. of the
police. ,»'1‘o begin with, Arthur Crandall, aided by
woof his friends. intended to kidnap Kittie to-
n‘iglit,.and.»no doubt. would have succeeded, had- I
notT’been_ on the spot to queer.them.”_ '~ _ .
“Had 9;‘ bombshell exploded in the little room it
could scarcely have created a greater sensation
lian Joe's words. ‘ _
f‘_».‘_W'hat’svthat?” gasped Mr. Stap_les_., “Arthur
Qrandall intended to kidnap our_ K_ittie?” . _
.“Yes, sir. The note that Kittie got tonight
lirough a small boy, signed apparently by Hat-
tie.,.Forrest,,was not sent by I:_Iattie. ’ _ -
.’‘‘‘It‘ wasn’t?’’ cried Kittie. in astonishment.
She. was not aware that the note was a fake
' Tbecause after Joe’s abduction in the automo-

.y the news of ' the trouble Joe" had got into,’

0 her father. , -‘

~‘"No, "it wasn't. Arthur Crandall got _somebody

write it in order to decoy you out Of the house

0 the. spot where he and his friends were wait-

‘ awayfs roadhouse, where you were to be kept

ﬁﬁsbner for a week: or two." ’ -

ow. do you know that this is so?" asked Mr.

I ,plés,‘look_ing.very serious, indeed. ~

“€B‘ecause_, j[ overheard enough of what _Qran-
a ,d his.4frien'ds said while they were waltms

‘,%?K¢

tie to’ come along to form a correct idea
Se; gamethezv were up’, to.,_ I -was hiding be-
ilidithe hedge just inside of the gate of the front
"  (if the Tayloricottage where. I had gone to
I didn't see him, however, because he

 

ou . y .

cat‘ then "went on_and narrated everything that
iighappened, including what Crandall and his
1. sqjhgbciates, Brett and Otis. had said to one an-
tiieriiwith respect to ther designs on Kittie.

{When Kittie came up, Brett stepped up and

" ii; to her,” continued‘ Joe. “You remember
I A :,,‘,d0n‘t.you, Kittie?” I
’Yes,”. she replied‘ breathlessly.

‘.

dell] the chance to\throw;‘the~shawl he had
your head. ' He did throw‘it over_ your _head
ou-know, but that .was where I chipped in.

rang at Crandall and dealt him a blow under
ear. He fell back and dragged the shawl oﬁ
d,\ and then you jumped out'of the way
_ ‘outed to You to run." V, . _. _ y
355- vvent.on‘with his story, narrating the ‘con-
’ ‘aftion he had Overheard ‘in: the auto after he
bv_'e’red._hi's senses and found he was being_e_ar—
’ off in the vehicle. He told about the collision
ihe road, his escape, and his return to town in
" wagon. ,e.Wh'en' he concluded, Mr. Staples’
meaup and ,.rea'ched"for his hat. _ .
“’Wliere’are you going?” asked: his wife.. ,
‘securea warrant for the arrest of Arthur
dell and his two_associates. This attempt to
" ioiir danghteroﬂ.‘ is the most outrageous
of Business I ever heard of, .If there is Jus-

We
SD

.4

  l ’ 2 'jA scum .MEClIANi(.7i 

she had run home as quickly as possible to,

mg‘ with his auto to catch and carry you off to-

’11‘nat'was to attract _your attention and give S

' s "town those young. 1f¥1E1’§sliall‘lJ8 ’D\m- 1,

1¢."1'§"

ished, even if it costs me my job at the work‘s:”’ 

There was wrath and determination on the ~
foreman’s face as he strode hastily from,‘ the »
room. . ’

c

IX.——Tlie Awkward Predicament of
Crandall. Brett and Otis. ' .
Staplessecured warrants. that night at the

home of one of the city magistrates for the arrest ..
of Arthur Crandall and his friends -Brett and ,

CHAPTER

Otis, on the charge of attempted abduction, of  o

Kittie Staples, and the warrants were put in-the
hands of the police to execute. Brett, whose first
name was Clarence, was the son of the president
of the Darieri National Bank, the leading ﬁnan- __
cial institution in town; while, Frank Otis was the“ .
son of the most distinguished lawyer in Darien. ‘
A detective went to, the home of each of the young
men, ‘who lived within a short distance of one an-
other on fashionable Bradhurst Avenue, but al-
though it was long after midnight none of them _
was at home. The detectives hovered around the
houses all night,‘ but'their quarry-did not show"
up.’ , - . -
The escape of Joe 'Warner, whose importance
as a witness against them in the event -of their "
arrest for the attempted abduction of Kittie .
Staples they fully’ understood, upset all 'their_cal-
culations, and after a consultation,‘ they decided Y
thatit-wouldn't be healthy for’ them to ‘show
themselves“ in Darien_ until their parents ‘arid i
friends had hushed the trouble up. They there-'
fore took the night express, which stopped at the
town at midnight, and early next morning regis-
tered at a hotel in the chief city‘of the adjoining
State. The Darien morning papers had the story --
of the attempted kidnappingof Kittie Staples by‘ -
Crandall. Brett and Otis. and the failure of the
detectives to ﬁnd the accused, warranted the be-'
lief that the young men. had gone into hiding. .
Of course the storv created a profound sensa-9
tion at the breakfast tables of the best society in‘
the town, and‘ carried consternation into ‘the
homes of the three young sprigs of fashion.
Whilethe friendsof the alleged kidnappers re-,

, garded it simply as a lark on the part of the

young chaps, the general public viewed the matter
in quite a. different light. The afternoon pafiers;
after their reporters had fully investigate the
case, said the aifair was an ‘outrage, and that the
three young men ought to be made-an example of i
as an object lesson to others who, owing to their ’
family connections, fancied they ‘could commit
high-handed acts with impunity. , p _ _
Public sympathy ﬂowed toward the , Staples
family, while Joe Warner was regarded as a

. plucky boy who had done the best he could to

save the girl under strenuous circumstancesg Joe _ _
was the hero ‘of the shop, and of the whole-‘estab-
lishment for that matter, that day, and for many
days t_hereaft'er. Vincent Staples was called to
the private oﬂice by Mr. Craiidall, and asked for
a general statement of the unfortunate affair.
The foreman wasa man who.didn’t mince his

-. words when he knew‘ he wasin the right,’ and he ‘

was outspoken in regard to the treatment [his .
daughter had received at the hands of Aﬁhuri /
Crandall. " ‘

,He told the president of the works that the ina,t-v ‘ ~‘

and that he intended to prosecute his nephew. as

\. We ,

   

'ter was altogether ’too,‘serious, to be overlooked,  ‘ “

.. 1‘

G

 

  

12_

9 ” . . —.
soon as he was arrested, whether he lost his job.
in conseqdence or not. Mr. Crandall assured him
that he regretted the incident deeply, and did not
intend to screen his relative from the conse-
quences of his foolishness. He told the foreman
that, much as he deplored the necessity of the case
‘being sifted out in a court of justice, he could not
blame the attitudeassumed by Staples in de-

fense of his daughter, and therefore, no matter’

what came of the affair‘. he would not be dis-
charged from the works.
Otis communicated with their relatives in a day
or twoand asked for funds. They alleged that
the whole matter was merely intended as a joke,
and denied in the most positive terms that they
had any intention of holding the girl a prisoner
even over night.

_ The newspaper. stories they denounced as sensa-
tional, and almost wholly devoid of truth, printed
largely to prejudice popular opinion against them,

because they were connected with the aristocracy»

of Darien. The feelings of the general public
were more or less against the wealthy, and the
newspapers believed it was to their interest to
pander to that sentiment. The immediate rela-
tives of Clarence Brett and Frank Otis naturally
sympathized with their own. ﬂesh and blood.
Money was forwarded them, with ‘expressions of
conﬁdence. and measures taken to quash the
- trouble. Mr. Crandall was not such an easy
mark. He wrote a letter, unaccompanied by a
remittance, to his nephew, in which he expressed
his opinion of, that voung man's conduct in a man-
ner that’made his hair curl.
“If you will return and face the accusation like
‘ a man I will provide a lawyer to defend you, but
if you are convicted you must take your medi-
cine,” concluded the president of the Crandall
Works.
The letter almost gave young Crandall a fit,
for, unlike the letters received by Brett and Otis.
his uncle wasted no sympathy on him, and, what
was worse, sent him no money, so that he was
obliged to borrow from his two friends to pay his
way. Lawyer Otis invited Mr. Brett and Mr.
'Crandal1 to confer with him at his office in respect
to‘the awkward dilemma in whichfthetliree young
men had placed‘ themselves. ‘ Both gentlemen re-
sponded,_but Mr. Cran'dall’s attitude at the inter-
view was not particularly encouraging, as he was
satisﬁed his nephew was guilty, and wouldn't be
able to clear himself. As an accessory was just
as guilty in the eyes of the law as the principal,
he told Lawyer Otis and Banker Brett quite
franklv that their sons were in a bad scrape, and
he didn't see how they were going to get out of it
without paying some kind of a penalty.

Banker Brett said he’d rather lose $50,0 0 than‘

‘have his son brought up in court on sue a seri-
'ous charge, andsuggested that compensation be
-offered to Missstaples as an inducement tofher
and her family to let the matter drop. Mr. Cran-
dall said‘ that he could not wholly approve of the
suggestion, as it was in the nature of ‘a bribe.
He added that Vincent Staples, the girl’s father,
was not an easy man to deal with on such lines.
He might resent the offer to. the exten-tof notify-

 ingthe newspapers that 9'. bribe" had been offered

his daughter" to ‘withdraw the" charge‘, and’ that
would tend to complicate matters for the young

men. . 
’ ,  - I Still, he said, if theimattercould be arranged,

“A YOU.i~IGv MECHANIC , It « .'

Crandall, Brett and,

exhausted his stock of diplomacy,;tjlien'with

/troduced in court. tend to substantiate the; n

 
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
  

he would pay his share toward it. '1‘l1e'reSnlb'
was an emissarv waited on Mr. Sta.ples.=at.' '
home a few days later, and in the most delida
way asked if some arrangement could .not.:11>e
made by which the charge against the young In‘ .
could be withdrawn. _ . ‘ . '  
“No, I don’t think sd,” replied»Vinc,ent Stapl"
ﬂatly. ‘ , °
“But, my dear sir, consider the position,
which these young gentlemen, scions of three;
the most inﬂuential families in Darien, a
Placed,” said the visitor, who was Lawyer-.04 '
right-hand-legal assistant. 1 ~ “
“That’s their lookout, not mine,” repliedzjﬂi
foreman shortly. “Think of what my daugh
would have ‘suffered had they carried out 1211
outrageous design.” . K
“We have the positive assurance"fro1'n' 1:5:
young men\that the whole aﬁair was 'mer'el"y
lark. -They had no intention of abducting yous:
daughter. They merely intended to, ive he
short ride in the autoand then leave lier ‘at.
home.” — , ' 
“I don't care anything about" their assuran _
They’ll say anything to squeeze out of this aﬁaif‘
Joe Warner happened to be in a position-.to‘ov "‘
hear their plans and he knows that there "W
joke about the thing at all.” . . .* . ‘ 
“But this Warner’s evidence is uncorrobora
and will‘ be valueless in court. The young men
denial will be as good as, if not better tlian,.'~‘
statement.” v , 
“His evidence will be corroborated by err
stances, and still more bv the decoy note now
our possession. You will find when the?casé— '
into court that Warner’s testimony will ‘:coifnt.~
The visitor wanted ot see the note in qiiés§_
but Mr. Staples declined to show it on the'g'r'ou ';
that he had been advised not to do it.» 'I‘she,.;'
sary then introduced. in an indirect: way, the
gestion of compensation to,Miss Sta_ple,s,,VI‘io‘E
a. bribe, he wished ‘Mr. Staples to understand
simply as an act of justice on‘\the- part-of
{gang men’s parents out of sympathy _for’fhe’
r. Staples cut him short by saying“that..-no.
thing would be considered. The law'ye_r,'~- ;

 

 

      
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
   

and reported to ‘Mr. Otis that his-'missiogi‘
been a failure. He told the big ‘=1awyer'.that
existence of the decov note was a feature of
case that was decidedlv serious, and would‘

 

roborated testimony of the boy, Joe Warner.;-
‘‘The best thing you can do, in my opinjb
to _try and buy oil’ the young mechanic,’ ’ said“
chief clerk. “He is the stumbling block Tin";
way. If you can ﬁx matters with,him,' the ch
against your son -and h1s‘companions will: 11 ‘-
water, even with the decoy note.” -' “ .' !_
“Very well,” replied Lawyer Otis. 3‘?! lea»,
gnatter to you. Oifer him -a_ny.,.pri'ce,~;$50‘
necessary, and the money will be forthcoiﬁi ‘ 1»:
The young lawyer bowed and left th'e~ro0i§§

 

CHAPTER x.—‘1zi Which ’che..You'n.g, ,
, Refuses to Be Brihed.   .‘
Two-weeks had passed away’ since.
of the attempted abductiorrof Kittie'_Sta.
the public had forgotten all ;abont;:j-the
Crandall, Brett and 0tig_wer§ haying‘. ,-

rn-—. ’

er

    
  
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  

thingsup so they could return to Darien with-
‘utzfear of thevlaw. Kittie and-Joe were on more
ritimate terms than ever,‘ Joe, on his part, was

alneady, half in love with Kittie, and he showed
‘ " ' ‘ The foreman’s daugha

ing ahead in the mechanical work of the shop,
nd-he was making great progress. He occupied
-halffhis nights with the study of engineering. He
ad made the acquaintance of the night engineer
‘f the..public water works, and he spent many
ours of the week in his company in the.engme-
_001'Il.- »The engineer explained the workings of
; his big engine that did duty during the day, and
the smaller one he ran himself at night. He
showed Joe how to start and stop it, and let him
’ ‘o"~it several times. He let him oil up all those
pa'rts“not provided with automatic oilers, in fact
a've.;=him as much practical experience with the
'ng"ine as possible. Under such favorable condi-
'ons. it wasn’t long before Joe could handle an
, nginewith a good deal of confidence. One night
'aT~oe'h'ad 2 long talk with the engineer about the
ndenser. He had brought along a book on en-
ineering which had sectional drawings of both
surface and jet condensers,'with a full explana-
 of their construction and the work they per-
bfmed"in'connectioh with the steam-engine. He
"entyover it bit by bit with the engineer, who .
xplziined in a simple way what he couldn't un-
éersitahd from the printed matter. The boy ﬁnal- ,
ivianted to know if it wasn't really possible’
aiiexpert to "invent some method for doing
yi with the air-pump. _
,1“don’t,.think so,” ‘replied the engineer. V
*1" should think an arrangement could be stud-
_,-~.—ou¢-,, by which the; small amount of air in the
eed-water of the boiler could be prevented from
ﬁnteriiigi’ the condenser with the exhaust steam,
that would produce a perfect vacuum in the con-
énser, and the condensed water could be returned
V‘,-‘lﬁheboiler by a different method than the air-
‘I guess your idea has been thrashed. out by
estengineering heads during the: past hun-
d/years, and the results now. in operation are
utﬁas‘ close to a perfect vacuum as will ever
achieved,” replied the engineer. '
There "was ‘a man named Parks, who worked
our,/shop some time before I came there, x-«ho
fed" to work the subject out but failed,” said J (zc.
'5=I’m not surprised to hear that he failed.”
He was quite‘ a mechanicalgcnius in his w:i:,r.
'made' a ‘perfect model stationary engine, H’
horizontal. type,'as could be ut together. Ila
ft behind him and ‘as he is ead the foi~cin.~..i
zitrto me to monkey. with if I wanted to.”
‘Dioesx it work like a big. engine?” _
It.does,“except with respect to the condenser.
ks‘ made the engine in order to demonstrate
valueof his own ‘condenser inwhich he aimed
prgdducer .a, erfect vacuum. Some day I mean *
“u_dy» up 1: e principles he worked upon and
Iicanxrewlr» the end he was after.”
»v_s’z—on’t' do. you any. harm to do so, or the con-
V eyou will learn a whole lot, but I’m afraid
Ki never. arriveaat the solution you have in
ad.» But while trying to reach-— the im-\ .
you «may. make : somei valuablediscoveries .~ -~
zmwthat -miziwnl '

 
  
  
 
 
    
      
 
  
 

1

   

 

rreum MECHANIC,  < I 

fame: and fortune.‘ Such things happen» almost ._ ‘K
everyday. The‘alcl'iemists of the Middle Ages de- A
voted their whole energies to the transmutation

 in ‘New ‘York, while waiting for their relatives to .

s a criminal act.”

V ‘yglead-to both -

of base metals into gold. They did not succeed a

little bit, but-for all that, they laid the founda-,'

tions of one of the most important of sciences——
namely, chemistry.”, One evening when Joe start-
ed for the engine-room of the water works, he was
approached by a well-dressed young gentleman,
none other than the chief clerk of Lawyer Otis.
He handedthe young mechanic his card, and, re-
guested the privilege of a short conversation with
im.

“I suppose we can talk as we walk along, Mr.
Page,” said Joe, wondering what the gentleman
could want with him.

“Certainly. It will save time, as you appear to
be in a hurry.”

“What do you wish to see me about?”

“It’s rather a delicate matter, to be frank with
you, Warner. ‘To begin with,’ I may say that "I
represent the families of the three young men—i'm-
plicated in what. seems to me the almost ridiculous
charge of trying to abduct Miss Staples. You
are a sensible young fellow, Warner, and so I am
sure I can talk with you" in a frank way. The
young men in question undoubtedly committed 8
foolish act in trying to play a practical joke on

so estimable a young lady as Miss Staples is, for

upon my honor it was really onlyintended as ,a.

a

joke, though it appears you took it in the light. of e

. “You may regard it as a foolish prank, ‘Mr.’
Page,"but I have better reason to size it up in its
truelight,” replied Joe, with some dignity.
know of my own knowledge that Arthur Crandall,

the ringleader of the affair, has annoyed Missa .

Staples for many months oil’ and on, by his un-
welcome attentions. One afternoon not so long.
ago he came into our shop, where, Mr. Staples is.
foreman, and made a} proposition to Miss Staple’s
father,'that you, had you been in -his place, would
have considered insulting. Mr. Staples in his in-
dignation struck Crandall, and being a powerful
man, the blow was not a light one. Crandall would
have had Mr. Staples: discharged for that if he
could have managed it, ‘but he found he couldn't.
Nevertheless, he meant to have revenge, and de-

cided that the most e_ifective’way by which he V " I

could get back at the foreman was through his
daughtei'—a cowardly way, you must admit. Well,
he i'esolved- on kidnaping the 'girl with the help
03 his friends, Brett and Otis. While it is true
ili.,a; Brett. and Otis had no interest themselves
in the matter, beyond a willingness to accommo-
date Crandall, still they are of age, and college-

l)1'(,‘d men, so they’ must have known that such an ‘

c:ite1~prise was a criminal one in the eyes of the

law, and so by going into it with their eyes open~. : I a
"they invited the trouble in which they now'ﬁnd V’ '

 dlgnyeu think. they are deserving of

Lawyer Page listened to the young; mechanic
with not a little surprise. His common-sense sum-v
ming‘ up bf the situation, as well as the good lanv‘
guage he used, proved that
well-educated lad.. i , .«  )

‘_A‘‘most ‘uncommon boy this,’f thought the law,-:
Y€1‘- He may beta 1I)eCl'l8.I11c-’in a business sense,-

 

«IV,

the shop-boy was a, ‘N

1211-lihe has ‘the education‘ and deportrnent of 
youngigentleman.’ He springs» from-good 
His pVeofple‘m11stvha¥e;wme down in .~!i1e.~Wlt‘af '-

I ,

 

  
  

 at 14 ,

A ‘himself or others.

 

is bred in the bone is, bound to manifest itself
sooner or . later.
out of a sow’s ear, nor canyou make a sow’s
ear out of a silk purse. Dear me, I’m afraid it
will be quite useless for me to try and buy this
young man off. I’ll have to try the art of per-
suasion. If that fails, I’ll have to give it up.”
_“I must admit that you have stated the case
in a straightforward and honest way, Warner,
but I think, considering that no harm came to
Miss Staples, you are a Bit too‘hard on the fool-
ish young men’. At present they are outof the
jurisdiction of the State, and it would require

’ legal process to_br-ing them to Dariento, face the

charge, supposing they could M found, which
isn't at all certain while this cloud rests on them.

.Now ‘supposing they are brought back," or in-

duced to return of their own accord, and they
should be convicted on your evidence. and sent
to prison, can’t you see how, that would almost
ruin their young careers? And vgho would really
be the chief sufferers? Who but their parents,

* who represent the best society of this town? It

would be a lasting disgrace to their "families as

 well as themselves. After you have thought this

phase’”of. .the matter over, Warner, Lam sure
you will think twice before you will consent to
be the instrument for bringing ‘such_a“ thing
about.” ’ ' _ ‘

“That’s all right, Mr. Page,~but you forget one
thing——a man or a boy is expected to do his
duty, no matter how unpleasant that may be to
I am the chief‘ witness in
this case, and my first duty is to Miss Staples. It
isn’t her fault, nor mine, thatthe youngfellows
mixed up in the outrage-—for it was an outrage,
no matter how their friends may, look at it--
have brought themselves and their parents to the.

verge of disgrace. If I am calledon to testify .
-..»‘against them I've “got to ‘do it, whether I care

to do so or not. I haven’t any choice in the
matter. ‘If your erran'd is to try to induce me

to act differently it ‘~is'a failure.”

The lawyer was nonplussed‘. However, he felt
that he could» not draw off without carrying out
his instructions,‘ which were to try and buy the
boy off if all elsefailed. He was almost satisﬁed

~ __ now that this could not be accomplished, and he
‘approached the.» point withwsorne misgivings. 4

“You are a young man on the threshold of

life,” he said to Joe, “and I judge that your fu-,
ture will depend entirely on your own exertions.” '

“Yes, sir,” replied the young mechanic, regard-
ing this new turn in the conversation with some
surprise. , _ ‘ . ;

“It would be a great beneﬁt to you if.’ you
had gnoney or an inﬂuential friend or two at
your :back,’,’ the lawyer went on_. ‘ _

“Isuppose so, but we can’t all expect to, be
so fortunate.” ,. ,. J Y

, “It remains with yourself to acquire both.”

“What do you mean?” asked Joe, greatly 3,8-
tonished, , . ,

' “If ‘you could see your, .wayT’co assurelthe
friends of Crandall, Brett and ‘Otis /that you
would not appear against the young men in this

i "abduction. case,_ their gratitude would assume a

7:.-ery substantial form.” t . -
‘ ' !‘Oh!” e aculated ‘Joe.

 »“_I/ywoul n’t be-é,urp=rised,if they jiresdnted your

 

,A Y9Ii1<rG~i.MEcI1ANlIC       B   

You can’t make a silk purse, ‘more.

the lawyer much chagrined at the unsatisfactb

‘same mail, andthen, gathered in Crandall’s‘¢

, said Brett.

 
   
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
     
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

W1th’,’a- cash‘ ‘testimonial of $25,000, or e
‘_‘As a bribe to hold my tonguép" . «
youseem to_ be their emissary, please‘ tell the
that there isn’t_ money,‘ enough in theﬁ7Un1' ﬂ
States to buy me off. Good-evening,” and  ,
Warner, with head erect, walked acrossthe‘ 
to the engine—room of“ the power—ho_use,,leavi

 
  

resultyof the interview.

CHAPTER XI—'-Plotting Against the ',You
' ' Mechanic. ' .. jv
Next morning Chief Clerk reported’ ti; La, ,
Otis the non-success of his mission tO”PS§1”,su I
or_ bri_b_e the young mechanic to‘ ‘alter his détega ‘
mination to appear against the
dudes if they were brought into’ _a’_coﬁr'l;
Justice. This was a great disappointment", hi»
to Mr. Otis and Banker Brett, who thought--_%
the power of the mighty dollar was-irresisti ;
Both gentlemen immediately wrote to‘ thleiz-~‘
enclosing _a,', new, "bank.-d_raft, lling'th.em:“~ .
there was no immediate rospec of thei'r"i‘.e ,
ing to Darien without anger of. arrést,,ln_‘
to their inability to make any terms atall‘ “ '
Joe Warner, the.chief,witness',in the‘ case
Crandall also wrote a briefiiote to his ne
enclosing a draftfor a-. suni suﬂicient
the young man’s expenses fora while. The‘
dudes read their letters, which all’ caineriiby L

 

for a consultation- , , - . .; V
“New York is all very well in? its wad,’
I’d like to get back to my native heath,“
‘Crandall. “ — ’ I 3 -. e y.  ..
“Same here,” nodded Brett. . 
“Ditto,” interjected Otis laconically. v. 4
“It appears from our letters tha't"that{1béa
young .mechanic is the stumbling-block 
path,” went on Crandall. -~  ' ‘
“That’s ,.what he is,” replied’ Brett élooﬁﬁl
“I’d like to know what kind, of‘ a5 
he is,” said Otis. -“My governor writes-rim
Page, his clerk, oﬂered him $25,090", for’:;hi_
lence, but he turned the offer’ down: “Ii-"I~
offered half that amount for »a. similanéér
I’d take it quick as a wink‘. . Why, $25,009 '
set that chap up for life. He must l1e"»a';E6oo
“We’ve got to do something,', chappies}
Crandall. “We can’t remain away f1~’o‘
stamping—grounds forever.” ' ‘ l 
“Better stay in.New York than 

“An lI}:10Il cot and breaﬁl and water,’-lord
some ot er rot is on t e “prison billx -
Bv§cruldn’t' suit me for a copper cent;’.”~:
b ‘1‘IItb se§lr1r;sh’co me, the; \ge’lldh'ﬁve_ to egg;

u y orns sai ran a .  ‘»:’

“Kindly elucida_te- your ‘meaning‘,”‘ ’
Brett. \ / ~ — ,  "
“We must remove i the Stu3_I1bl1'ng%bIoc'k
our ath.” ' c ' - ‘ ' r

2 eaning the young mechanic,” _said"Oti's
I » I.d9n’t mean anyone else,”.answef
dell’with' an ominous frown. Y 
_.::HOW.v1S hedto he removeclf:’?._asl:e‘&
: 1.h=‘=We:van i1d9a,‘th.#t Iisthwwtyaiis

4‘ .

 

   

doﬂthe trick if the compensation is’ suﬂiciently
Lweighty.” _
_  “I’ll undertake to guarantee that money lS no
 object with my people where my welfare is con-
- cerned,” said Brett. “If you think you can bribe
,-Hathaway to get this mechanic away from Dar-
, ' ien, and keep him away for any reasonable
amount, I’ll engage to produce my share.”
“So.will I,” said Otis. ‘
, "“As it won’t do to put our proposition down
- in"? black and white, it will be necessary for one
of us to visit him at the roadhouse.”
' X “Not me, thank you,” said Brett; “I'd rather
be excused from visiting the scene of our scrape
..unti1 things-have been fixed up.” _ .
“I also‘entertain a serious objection to run-
ning in " head into the lion’s jaw for the pres-
. ent at least," put in Otis. “As You halfe PTO‘
’ posed the plan, I move that you be unanimously

 

 

 
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    

-yai,way ‘and’ make the best arrangement and terms
l“vV\zith him you can.”_
«.  .“There is no occasion for you to worry, chap-
‘ies,i_ I intend to o myself. I understand Sid
~ rem‘. tlie‘ ground- oor up, and coI15eQl“¢f»!1t_1Y ,1,
wouldn't let anybody else undertake the mission.
 “You are so wel known in 'Darie_n that you
‘ ' lmost sure to reco'nize , Sal re -
Va!-3 a be g ‘ (k" d B 
" f"‘I’ll bet you a ten-spot that nobody will rec-
ognize me in town.” replied Ci-andall conﬁdently.
_‘‘Then you mean to gathers in disguise,” said
Otis; " . - ’ '
"‘I”don’t‘ intend to take any more Chances than
I— can help.” v '_ _ . .
»/,‘W’hat,kind of a disguise are YOU gomg to
use?” . . '
V *f.“I haven't decided yet. I'm going to get 3 C05‘
turner to fix me, up.” _
= “He. might suspect you of contemplating some
éfgoked ._wor‘k and refuse to_ help you out.” .
#1 don't think so. There is nothing suggestive
“Qf a icrookrabout me.” ‘ _
riﬂe might take you-for a gentlemanly Raf-
ﬁ§,g.,"_.:_1aug ed Brett. ~ . .
. “what kind of an arrangement do you expect

ll "ht?” asked Otis.‘  \ . _
.u1r';§ going to offer him a good sum to kidnap

' ‘ ?won’t get back until afterwe have had this
‘unpleasant matter settled for good.”

«Hathaway might‘ consider the contract too

dangerous to undertake. What will you do then?”
said. 0ti,s._ - _ . V i i_'

7411. think Hathaway has his price for-doing most
pgxfythingll short of murder or manslaughter. I
gizjeid him up long ago. _At any rate‘I will oﬂfer
him ‘enough to make hismouth water. Our peo-

' ewill cough up anything within reason.
~ “My father will” said ‘Brett’. ~
And ‘mine, too. put in 0t1S- . .
U "y uncle has soured on me over this, but still
gm‘. th-ehonor of the ‘family name he won't let me
to prison if he can prevent it." i
“When do you intend to start? ’ asked Brett. W
“Proablvto-m.orrow.” ' I - -  ,
‘,‘Well,~'let’s go down to the cafe and drink suc-
§ess_',to—’yoiiir._ negotiations,” said Otis. This sug-

ii, metwith, approval and and they ‘were.
 ‘standing before the hotel bar} EIYIIIE ~
9.

Inthe mean-

is ‘for three high-balls.

     

‘ selected as a committee of one to call on Hath- .

toimake with Hathaway if you reach his place

‘ting Warner and send him off somewhere, so_

  

Al YOUNG MECHANIC T I - * 

time, Joe, the young mechanic, was pursuing the
even tenor of his way in Darien, quite uncon-
scious that he was being plotted against. He had
told Mr. Staples about the interview he had had
with Mr. Page, representative of the families of

theyoung men concerned in the attempted kid- '

napping affair. He said the gentleman -had inti-
mated that he could have $25,000 if he would
refuse to appear as a w;tness in court.

“That's a pretty big bribe,” replied the foreman.
“What answer did you give him?” .

“What answer would youexpect me to give
him? I refused. I told him that there isn’}t money"
enough in the country to bribe me, and I mean it. ’

“You're one boy in a thousand, Joe,” said Mr.
Staples, grasping him by the hand. “A boy of

_your ‘caliber is bound to make his mark in the

world if he lives. You will make yours, and I
trust I may live to see you at the top of the heap.’_'
' “I mean to make my way. I guess you are sat-
isﬁed with the record I am making in theshop."
— “Pei-fectly.“ I never saw 9. young fellow catch on
quicker than you have. You never have to be told
twice what to do, and you seldom make a mistake.

The men have all remarked your capability. You . I

are a great favorite with them’ because you are
ready at any time to give one them a helping hand
at anything.‘ You will surely be as popularga
man as you are a boy, and that counts for ‘a
whole lot in the race of life, that is provided—-—”

“Provided “what?” 

“Popularity does not ruin you as it does some
men. However. I have- little fear of that. I am
sure you have a level head and can say ‘No’ when
the word is necessary. and stick to it.” v
’ “Yes, sir. I said ‘No’_to Mr. Rage, and I mean
to stick to it.”- ~ ” '

“I don’t'mean that kind of ‘No.’ A person of V . I

honor and’ principle ﬁnds that easy enough to say
and stick to it. What Ijmeaii is" one who is pop-
ular is continually up against the temptations of
life. He is supposed to be what is known as a
good fellow. A good fellow is generall his own

worst enemy. Many a good fellow W o started’-

out with the most brilliant" prospects wound up

in potter’s ﬁeld. Be a good fellow within the lim-

its that do justice to yourself."

“Yes, sir. Thatviswhat I mean to do,” Joe If

said, as he and Mr. Staples entered the -‘house to-
gether and found supper waiting for them to sit
down tovit- ' I

 

CHAPTER XII.—In the Haunted House.

' _ The next day was Sunday, and -in‘ the afternoon * O-
J 0e and his particular friend, Tom 'I'.aylor,*started "
~ out fora spin on their wheels along the tvunty

road toward Newgate. They decided to goes far

as the roadhouse, six miles out of town, and than V 1 ‘
turn back. At the head of the lane, about a qua&'- ‘V

ter ofﬁa mile from Hathaway’s place, stood an old
deserted farmhouse, fast going to ruin. It had the
reputat_ion_ of ‘ being haunted, because the farmer
who built it went crazy and killed his whole fam-

ily. winding up by shooting himself. It now ‘be’-"

longed to two minors’ for whoin,it was held in?

trust. When the boys reached the lane leading to

the old house Tom said:

“II say’, Joe, let’s"go over and inspect‘ that old . I
roo ery. «  . . I :    . /,_
' “Tlie "haunted ,hou~se,gh? ~What'_do you want to-

go, there. .foi:,?’'.

)'

     
     

 H L16 - l ..
“Just to say I’ve been there. Peopledavoid it_ as
if  was adplague spot, but I don’t see anything
to, e a rai o . - I ~ ,
“It's all right in the daylight, when the’ sun 1S
shining as it is now,.bu_t Ifll bet you wouldn the so
anxious to inspect it if it was«\night~time, said
Joe. ‘ i . ’
“Oh, I don’t know,” replied ‘Tom, as they rode
up the lane. ‘'1 don’t believe in spooks, anyway.
I .don’t know anybody who ever saw_one.

,_ .w “You ought to read_the ‘Transactions of the
f Psychical Research Society’; Maybe you d change
’ \ _your mind on. the subject. _

“The,Psychical,Research Society} Never heard
of it,” replied Tom. _ “What IS it? ’ _

w , “Oh, it’s ~an,orga_n1zat1‘on o-f_sc1entists and oth-
ers. who have made it their business to collect data
on the supernatural and 1nv_est1gate_ the same
for the purpose of demonstra.tiL}_ig' beyond a reas-
onable dgubt the actual existen e of spiritual phe-

l ,nomena.. ' A i '
“Have they». proved thatthere is such a thing as
a ghost?” asked Tom, in a skeptical tone.
“They seem to think they have.”
“Pooh! .A1l bash!” _
7 “You ought to read their pamphlets. The books
detail'_'many‘marvelou!s facts that have come; with-
V in their notice, and which they have ‘investigated
, to their satisfaction.’’ said Joe.. . » H

' “Where will I ﬁndlthose pamphlets? .. ,_ ,

wX“T,he ve got some of them at the Mechanics

_ Librar . One of the attendants put me on to.them
one’”evening that I took out a book on engineer-
ing. , .

“How did you come to do that?’i

“Somebody had Just returned one of the books

_ when I steppetd) ugi”to the counter’ and he called

‘ ".I#¥‘i6?i?:fIytd1(J).ntook;the book. home and,,re-‘ad it-, eh ?”

,“Yes. I found it yery interesting. ’

,h“A1:11ddn€W you’ believe in ghosts,
e om. —
H   believe there are phenomena that cannot be

,exp1ai_ned by any natural law so far known to the

a _ most intelligent ‘minds. Well, here we are._ I see

. the kitchen door is aiar. Are you thinking of

~  goiggninsidg and loalilngithf Place °Ve1‘?
‘ ‘. in on.

,Th:§restooc(l) tleieir wheels against the wall of the
, kitchen ell and entered. The boys expected to ﬁnd.
the interior of the house as bare as a new con-
structed building. It wasn it. Nothing seemed to

have been removeda_from_the day it was abandoned
 The carpets, white with dust, lay on the ﬂoors.
The fu/rniture stood about, also covered with dust
 and in many cases festooned with cobwebs. U};-
. stairs the boys found the bedclothes moldy, ye —v

, . 3 low and smothered in _dust. Tom opened the hu-
. ‘reau drawers, but their contents had been_taken
away. Their inspection showed that nothm, of‘

* ,l’}>‘:,}11'iy‘fV‘a11}:h§1:.g('lS been left in the house optsi e of

~ e urni . .. —

“I wonder Why the furniture, carpets and other

1 ,things ‘Were not taken away and sold. said Tom.

,  A :(§1cqnd-h§,yidai1i1iiarr would have given something
i l ', °¥‘‘Pri(:bréil?lIi1rg.’tll?ey¥§;ere left with the idea of rentg
* ,, ing; the house. furnished,” rep11ed~Joe. ( - w ,,

* ‘,When nth new owner fodnd that he couldnt

" rent it ‘at any price I should think he would have

I suppose,”

  
 
 

. cleaned the stuif but ~thé,I.1-”  , , *

   

H o A YOUNG MEcHANio

I closet, and’

.chuc,k1ed Taylor, who thought he had‘lstruck' af.

yseelts. of two of the. chairs, then they seatedth

   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
     
  
 
  
  
  
    
 
    
       
      
  
   
    
   

“Well, if-you’re anxious to know all gabout 
yogll} ha}live1?((l)1:Sl‘i3étt}'li:e ownlgrfti to a Vcouplelof 
ve ea aiwase ~ 
who live in Newgate. Ifit had been left to me 
I’ll bet I’d foundrsomebody to live in it and 
the farm. Seems to me it’s a. case of give, a dog
a bad name and it will stick to hiin.” 1 fl ,
hThey W(§2‘?1SlIaIl1CllIil{g' by one of the windows on
t e secon oor oo ing out. , . , f
“Hello!” exclaimed Joe. “There’s,a couple of ,;
men coming up the lane.” Tom looked. » 3.
};‘One of them is diid Hathaway, the ex-pugﬂist;
worunsteroa ouse. . ..  1,
“You mean the chunky, smooth—faced fellow?’
‘_‘Of course. The other chap dcesnjt look likeja
prigzeﬁghter even a little bit. He seems to be all 
}ivh1"s,l’<ers. .I wonder what they are coming hem‘ i‘
h “Probably H:E'v3.t}}l1aWay cténsideri tt}lr1iis 
ouse as one o t e attrac ions 0 eneig or
hood andhas brought his companion here to sho
it to him,” said Joe. ’ _ _ i . _ » H
“Say, let’s 0 down and hide in theasitting-room’
hen they come in the room,.we?lfl*
make a few ghostly noises and give them‘ a. shock,”

 

 

bright idea. , ‘ \
“Do you expect to frightens. fellow like atha-

way in broad daylight?” asked J oe.. —’ .,  I L

_ “V\,7’e can try it, anyhow. ‘It will be As. good»

e. i . . .»..
“He might not take it as a’ joke, and we ,might
have reason.to regret trying to.be funnyf’; ', 
“I thought you were nervy enough to do ’most.
anything.” . . ’ 
“I don’t see any nerve about-your plan. I.,.tl'ii‘nk
it is rathera foolish thing; to _do.” . 
In the meantime Hathaway and the man‘ with
the whiskers entered the yard of the haunted
farmhouse, and made straight for the rear Ofthgé”
building. The boys, as they came» downstairs,
heard their footsteps in the kitchen. Joe and 
werein the hall near the sitting—room, whichystdbda
half open, when the ex-prizeﬁghter and his’ cum
panion -enteredthe room. —/  1 5’. "
“Dust off one of these chairs, Cr'"ndall~,' and
we’ll sit down and have our-"talk out ere,’ said
Hathaway. ’.,, . , . V ,,  1
Joe gaveva start of surprise when he .heard.the'
ex-pugilist address the man with the whiskers, 3'
Crandall. It instantly struck the young marzhi
ist that Arthur Crandall. was ‘hovering aboutth
neighborhood in disguise with some object in view
What that object was he wanted to 1earn,,for
wasn’t sure but it ‘was connected with 
Staples. Whispering"’I‘om to.’ hold back ,ai'r’i—dikée
as quiet as a mouse, Joe advanced to the sittizi
room door and listened. He heard a ,
thumping, astlie men removed the dust from 
e

E3

  
   
     
   
    
 
  
  
 
 

selves beside one of the windows. . . 

;“Now I’ll listen to your scheme, Crandall, 7
mind you, I won’t ‘promise to takeup with fitf
it’s too dangerous. I’ve got a good ‘business att
roadhouse; and I ain't goin’ to sacriﬁce it
make an extra wad. It wouldn’t pay.” _ Q 

“I'm not asking you to do something tor ~
ing, Hathaway. You’ll.be well paid if you we,

7»

the three ‘of us out of our pickIe.’,’f_ i  ,

“You ought to have been more ¢£1’ef' I*.Za_¥1
that. affair and .then"»you and’ _ your  A «
wouldn’t have got 'iii.*trouble*'over its I ’

 ~ A YoUNo MECHANIC

, you chaps had pull enough‘, anyway,‘to get out of
’most any kind of a tight hole. Lawrence, whose
old manis chief of the police department, is a
particular friend of yours. Why can’t you ﬁx
things through him?” ‘*3
c “There are warrants out for the three of us.
and he couldn’t sidetrack them,” replied Crandall.

‘‘What’s the differense if you chaps were arrest-
ed? Your people would bail you out in no time.

You needn’t even see the inside of a cell.”

"But we'd be tried in the end, and convicted on

" the evidence of that young mechanic. If it wasnt‘

. for him, we wouldn’t care.”

“Why don’t your people buy him off? That .

eas .” I

9'u‘g“l?1l};ellj,isn’§c, easy. He's been oifered $25,000

for his silence and he refused to take it?’ ‘

“Twenty—ﬁve thousand dollars!” whistled the
e‘x-fighter. “Oh, come now, «you don’t expect me
to believe that; do you?” .
* ‘‘lt’s a fact, whether you believe it or not. He
seems to be one~of those incorruptible goody-
‘ goodies that I thought were only to be met with
in novels. Those kind of chaps give me a pain.
A man who doesn't look out for number one in
this world always gets left.” ”

“He must be a remarkable boy to turn down a;
 -bribe of $25,000. ’Maybe he was afraid he
wouldn’t get it. Was the money laid down under
“ -his nose?” .

' . “No, but he’d have got it, all right.”

,. ,“Wel1, what’s’your scheme? I take it you want

' to get this young mechanic out of the way for
‘ good. If you promise to turn that $25,000 into
»-my pocket I’ll talk business with you.” _

V ;‘».‘I couldn’t promise any such, thing. I might
be able to get you $5,000, but———-” _

* “Five thousand wouldn’t pay me to monkey with
a buzzsaw.” .

“Five thousand is a lot of money,” said Cran-

, dall. I _ ' I

' ' “I know it is, but I don’t believe in takin’ ‘a big

risk for that’ sum,” replied Hathaway, who

thought he saw his way clear to making a much »
better bargain. '

V , “Well, suppose I can,

\ go into this thing?” ' _
“The ex-prizeﬁghter‘ considered the ‘matter.

Ten thousand dollars was quite a tempting offer.

' But then there was considerable risk about the

" ‘ob, and he hadn’t yet ﬁgured -out howpit could

,e accomplished successfully. ‘

.. “I’ll have to think the thing over before I give

 ou a ositive answer,” he said. “You ‘want this ’
he ki napped and sent off somewhere.”

- ‘He must be sent where he can't get back in a
hurry,” said Crandall. _ _ ,
 “That's the delicate part of it,” said Hathaway.
“The world is so blamed small these days that I
i don't know where in thunder-a person can be sent
that he can’t get back again, if he wants. to, ina
I'ehort~time.” " . i ' . . 

“If ‘somebody was paid well for preventing him *
jrom coming back, wouldn't that ﬁll the bill?”

:'"asked randall. . V _ “ y

T “It might,” admitted Hathaway. Of ‘course,

“ ‘Pd have to ﬁnd such a person." _ _

' I “Certainly. If you take the contract it will be

Vtp to ii-to put it through from A to Z.” _

‘ , » ."W4‘£, you must give me a few days to see what

plants I can -make.” ' 1

‘' “How many days d0‘.y0’|1 w.ant.,'.”’~

' . .5‘;

 

I

 
 
  
  
      

l

 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
 
  

‘ .“I can't hang’ around ,this neighborhood. ii

right for half a dollar.”

.make a lot of difference in your prosperity.”

raise $10,000, will 33?; .

m , “Well, that

- 17.-
“It may take a week.”

week.”

“You needn’t. You can go back to New‘ York
and I’ll telegraph you when to come with the
money if 13 decide to go into the job.’_’

—. “What’s the matter with you coming" to New
York and seeing the three of us at, our hotel?”

“I can do that. What hotel are you chaps stop- _

in’ at?” ’

“The Castle Square.” ’ _ _

Joe, who had taken in every word up to that I

oinic, made a. mental note of the name of the

ote . ’

“Whereabouts is it?" .. ' ' . c " e

“It's not far from the Grand Central depot,
where you’ll land. Take a cab and tell the driver
where you want to go, and he'll land you all

“All ‘right. You may expect to see me before ’
next Saturday.” _

‘‘We’ll look for you. Mind, we depend .upon you.

If you want to keep in with our set in town you’ve
got to do the right thing. If the, chappies turned
your roadhouse down as a meeting-place, it would

.

Whether Crandall intended his remark as a _ 

covert threat or not, the ex-prizeﬁghter took it as

such. He knew that if the young s orts of Darien. '
went back on him, he might as we I shut up shop,
for it was their custom that made the roadhouse
pay, and pa well. Therefore, he hastened to as-
sure Grand 1 that he would try and do the right
thing by him and his two companions in exile. ' 
That terminated the interview, and Hathaway, 
and ‘the disguised dude left the haunted house.. ~ , " i

 

 

CHAPTER XIII.-—pOn ‘the,yExpress.

“Well,” said Tom Taylor, after Hathaway and
Crandall had left the sitting-room and the house,
“what were those men saying that interested you
so much?” « ' Q I ‘ 1

“Want to know, real had?” asked Joe.

“I’d like to ”

“They were talking‘ about me.” _ .

“About you? Go on, you’re kidding me.” I  V

“No, I’m not. You’ll never guess who the fel- 
low with the whiskers was."_ ‘ ' ’

“How"coiild I, when I never saw himbefoi-e?’.’

“Oh, you’ve seen him’ before.” . ‘ , 5

“t1 tell you I haven't. He was a perfect strangi-Y . _’ r
er ome._‘ - 

“How can he be a stranger when yoti’ve often“
seen him in the yard of the works?” W

_“Don’t remember ever seeing him there,” re-A I
plied Taylor, positively. I

“You didn't recognize him on account of his}
whiskers. They were false.” ~

::FaIse!” cried Tom, in surprise. ‘

.Exactly. That man was Arthur Cran
gui‘sed.” ' _ _ 4
t Y}ou&don’t mean it,” replied Tom, much asé

onis e . ,, ‘ r‘ 

."I d ’t.” I

“I-Iovrié hni?la?7oii_ recognize him?”

“I didn’t until Hathaway addressed him

name.” . - y ,
_, beats the deck. So ’he’s, dis I
in order’ not to be recognized around here. ‘It’:

\

dall, dis-V  

   
  
  

.4

\

l’Y["..

 - police?” .-

A YOUNG

would have

 1.8 ‘ y
1 pretty gfqoodsiisguise, all right. I never

‘ nown im. . .
 .“Yes, it deceived me. too.” - 4 . A
‘ “You say he and Hathaway were talking about
you?”

I “What were they saying?”
I . “Plotting against me’: ”
“Gee! Figuring on doing you up some way? .
] “Crandall has agreed to raise $10,000 and hand
it over to‘ Hathaway if he will kidnap and carry
me off to some place from which I won’t be able
to et back for a long time.”
l “gfhere is nothing funny about that for you.".
“I should say not.”- _ .
“What are you going to do about it? See the

- ~ “I’ve learned where Cranda1l’s two friends are
in hiding at this moment.” _ H _’ ’
- ‘u'Where?n _ ‘ ,
. “I’d'rather keep that dark for the present.
Crandall means to rejoin them right away, and
' . Hathaway has promised to meet the three neirt
 week at’ the hotel they are stopping at. Wewill
A hurry back to town, as I want to try and have
Crandall arrested before he can get out of Darien.
He'll probably take the express that stops here at
eight o’c1ock. I’ll take a detective to the station
and point him out. That will ﬁx him."
' “How about the other two?” _
- “I’ll have the chief of police cause their arrest
by telegraph,«then if they refuse to come -volun-
 tarily, the district attorney will have to get out
‘ requisition papers.” .
 “Then they’re in aonther State?”
. t  “They are.”'
  “I’l1 bet they’re in New York, then, for that is
just the place those chaps would go to.”
, “I won't say whether they are
 get a move on.” - .
 ‘They left the house, mounted their wheels and
started at a rattling pace for town. On reaching
V - the Staple’s cottage the two friends parted, Tom
A .. riding’ on to .his own home,“ while Joe rushed into
‘ -the house to see Mr. Staples. The foreman was

  

reading a magazine in the sitting-room, while."

; Mrs. Staples, assisted by Kittie, was beginning

'1' to prepare supper. . '

’ “Mr.‘Staples, sorry to disturb you,_ but  want
. to tell you something very important,” said Joe.
.6  “I'm at your service, Joe,” said the foreman.
‘ . “Tom and I were out at the haunted house.
While we were on the premises two, men came
,there,.'on
' W ter. e, other was Arthur Crandall."

“‘That so?” replied Mr. Staples, with a look of
interest‘. ‘-‘So he's had the nerve to come back.
That means that he intends to face the music.”

  “Notaat all. He came back disguised for a cer-_
‘ ' U tain purpose." ' ‘ _ I

'‘ Joe then told Mr. Staples about the interview

A,-"he had overheard between Crandall and Hatha-

 
   
  
  
   
  

,  “That Hathaway is no doubt rascal enough to
‘undertake such a job for the money that is in it.
It is’ lucky you heard about the scheme.
warned is forearmed, you know.”

 

Q

express, for New York this evening. An effort
l'i‘(l7«0tis are stopping at the Castle Squares},-Iotel‘

v.

. ward the drawing-room cars, for sleeping-cars ‘. '_7

or not. Come, '

“ The bell began to ring, the steam hissed". 

of whom was Hiithaway, the ex~prize-‘

.3.-way. The foreman was greatly astonished, ~ .

Fore: .
'“Cra_ndall will probably take the eight o'clock
l‘i'm1st.begmade to arrest him at the‘ station: Brett’

v’,

MECHANIC \’ = V I

in New York. We must have them arrested by‘ 
telegraph. It is my opinion that to save_ them- 
selves from astay in the Tombs they will on—_ 3
sent to return without requisition’ papers.  ill’. _
you accom any me to police headquarters now?” ‘ "
“Certain y,” replied Mr. Staples. , _. ,
When they reached headquarters Joe ' stated»
the case to the oﬂicer in charge. He consented to’
send a detective with the boy to the station to .
arrest Crandall. He also promised to telegra h J ‘
to the New York authorities a request for t e .
arrest of Brett and Otis. with instructions to hold '
the prisoners until arrangements were made to , -
bring them to Darien. Joe and Mr. Staples then , . -.
returned-home for supper. They had hardly (in-  
ished it before the detective detailed to go to the
station with the young mechanic,‘ rang the bell. , ,
It wasn't ‘quite seven, o’clock, so they had plenty _ 
or time before them. Joe and the sleuth walked '
leisurely to the railroad station, arriving about .
half an hour ahead of time. There were only two; I 
or three people in "the waiting—room. Additions 
dropped in by degrees, but at ﬁve minutes of ~ '.
eight, Crandall ,had_ not put in his appearance. ..  .
Finally the whistle of the express was heard, and  " .
still the bird they were after was not in sight. * " T
‘Joe began to doubt if he was going by that train: '_
“Maybe he went to his uncle s home and intends
to wait till the midnight express,” he said to the. ’
detectiye. . p _ p " ‘v i‘— ‘ ‘V ‘A
The sleuth shrugged . his shoulders almost‘ in- i ,_ 
differently. Just then the express from Boston . "E -
rolled in, with three Pullman cars attached. Joe ’
and the detective moved down the platform to-‘  "

 
 

were not needed on this train, which was due in = .
New York at eleven. Nearly all the passengers :: .
got aboard of the regular coaches, and so Joe and '  ’
the officer had an unobstructed view of the Pull-‘Z
mans. There was no sign of Artllur Crandall 
with his whiskers: ~ ' ' V ’ 
.“All aboard!” shouted the conductor, and then
signalled the engineer to proceed. ‘ ‘

 
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
    

‘the cylinders, and the train started with a -hoarse.
“puff, puff” from the locomotive smoke—stack.~ At‘ a
that instant a man dashed from behind the side‘ 
of the station, crossed the platform with a bound,»
and sprang on the rear platform ofgthe last Pull-0
man. It was Arthur Crandall, whiskers and all,

. and Joe spotted him at once. " . » j “

to the detective.

 

“There he is,” he shouted
bounding forward. . -'‘z/ _ 
Catching the ‘platform rail as the car glidedby,
Joe swung himself up and landed alongside of the
disguised dude. Before Crandall dreamed ofiwhatﬁ
was coming, the young mechanic threw himself
upon him and bore him down on the platform.‘
“What in thunde ” began the secretary or
the works. ' . ' ..

Joe reachedfor his false whiskersand tore

from his face. . .V V.
got you dead

“lietter give up, Crandal1,_for live
to rights," he said, exultantly. »_
“Joe Warner!" ejaculated the
9. smothered imprecation. , . ._
In another momentcthe pair were‘ sti'ug7Iin I
for the mastery on‘-.the”rear platform of the
man, while the express, rapidly gaining momen-
tum, speeded; away into_ the. night-"' eaying '
lights...o_f Darle11.f3.il'.:beli1lld.;J,_ .  " ’

4 .

young man,’ with

    
 
 

 ’jl CHAPTER xIv.——Joe Gets His Man at (Last.

“Confound you!” roared Crandall. “I’11 throw
you from the tra.in.”. . '
i “I don’t think you will,” replied Joe, coolly.
“Better give up.” .
“Give up, you measly mechanic!” gritted the
‘dude. secretary. “I see myself yielding. to you.
' Think you’ll capture me._ eh? -Not if I know it.
Nothing more was said by e1ther..for a minute
while they struggled a_bout on the platform in _no
small danger of slipping off the car. «J_oe main-
tained his early advantage of a seat astride.Cran-
_dal’s chest, and the latter could not shake him oﬂ’.

 ; . .» “If you won't give in I’ll hold you down till the .

train reaches the next stopping.._p1aCe.” Said 306,

in a tone that showed determination. I
, ’ """‘I’ll see if you do,” snarled Crandall, {renewing
‘ his struggles. By a quick move the dude P3_1‘l51Y
 ' .  got rid of Joe’s weight and threw him. against
; ‘ ‘ "the end of the ‘car. The shock momentarily
dazed the plucky boy, and Crandall took immedi-
3te‘ad_vantage of the fact to dump Joe over on his

back.‘ Then, exerting all his energies, he shoved.

‘V the young, mechanic down the steps intending to
throw him off the car. J oe, however,‘ recovered

. in‘ time to grab him by the coat. The boy’s -weight
pulled Crand_all forward and-both_ tumbled oﬁ into
the black V_O1d alongside the train. Under ordi-
na-ry circumstances both would probablyihave
been killed, for the train was running at a ﬁfty-

" mile clip at that momenttbut it happened that the
"car wasshooting over a shortviaduct that span-

— I ned a narrow, but deep stream, and they fell from

1‘  the side close to the outer edge of the..ma‘sonry.’
“ , T i » Joe cleared the stonework by a hair, pulling Cran- «

* dall after him. A dive of nearly twelve feet

' landed them both in the rushing stream and they

‘  went under. Contact with the water caused Joe

to release his hold on the secretary, and when they

‘ came to the surface they were yards apart. The

 young mechanic struck out for the bank. which

”- lie could see outlined against the clear sky, and

 after a fierce struggle with the stream, succeeded

. i -in reaching the shore and climbinng out to solid

  olid ground. He felt so exhausted that he had

.— ‘V ‘ gléoilie down and rest. What had become of Cran-
’ ‘ -dall he had not the slightest idea.

I‘ \‘I thought I had him sure, but that ‘is where
’ ‘I fooled m_yself,” muttered Joe, and he lay on the
_ « ‘b’ank~_in his wet,‘ garments and blinked up at the
‘ ’stars.~ f‘I wonder where he is now? Drowned per-
; haps, if he couldn’t swim, or ashore on this bank
. ‘ 5 -or the other, if luck came to his aid. In any case

‘ " I’ve lost him, and will have to hoof it togthe near-
. est house, and-beg the hospitality of the occu-

~,pants.*’ , . I’
‘ ' He rose to his feet and looked around. He saw
. the glow of a switch red light in the near distance
iandt knew. that marked the line of the railroa‘d.
" There were white lights here and there in the”op-

  
  
 

 
 
  
 

    
  
   
   
  
  

the windows of houses; _Towar_,cl_,the* nearest of
‘,’ these he made his way at a swinging gait, stamp-
ing his feet down hard and _’ﬂapping,his arms to
" keep up the circulation of his blood.
‘time he reacheda small house vstandingiclose to
'the stream. His loud lknock brought a woman to
a, e. &o_q1'.. C  ., ’ ' , , '
?'hZ“‘I’vé‘"béen 'i»‘n,the river, or, whatever You Call

  

  

 

as Young MECHANIIVC 1 I I 

took his clothes down tothe kitchen, started» a

[meal he thanked his. host and hostess,’ and: told »*=
‘- of the night before. They directed him

, he walked rapidly down the road to catch 'the9'.1:0, 

_west-bound local was due at the station ﬁfteen ',

tion, and tried to shake the boy off. J oe, however
xposite direction,.and Joe judged they shone from Q

In a short .

  

19 :=
it,,and Pin wet to the skin,” said the boy. 5‘_C9._‘I1g"’» .
I stay here till my clothes are dried?” ' " . * - ’

“Come. right in,” said the woman, promptly, , H
“You’ll get your death standing ‘outside in your“ 
soaked garments. ” ,  9

Joe gladly accepted her invitation. U ' ' 

“How did you fall into the stream?” she asked, iv
inquisitiyely. I _,;;~‘

“Fell off the end platform of the Boston ex'- ,
press.” ‘ v  . .

“Fell from the express!” ejaculated the woman,: -
in a tone of great astonishment. . _ n
“Yes, ma’am. The next thing I knew I was in .1’, 

.

the water.”

“What an escape you had!” she exclaimed, 
“I guess it was a pretty narrow one. I swani‘ _,
ashore, walked down in this direction and here I, 1; _,

_am, feeling pretty good, all things considered.”

The woman got a‘ lamp and led Joe upstairs, to 
a small room, where she told him to take off his.
clothes and roll himself up in the blankets. 

“I’ll bring you a hot drinkpresently, andth,en' ’ ,
you’ll come around -all right.” ' _ . _ _z, » j _ ,  ‘j

She was as good as here word,.andiby-the time --25
Joe was ‘beginning to warmup in the~‘bla.nkets. 
she brought him a steaming hot whiskey.- She ,

 
 
 
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
 
   
   

good ﬁre and hung his apparel upto dry. Jpoehad  1
never drunk whiskey before, but he was prevailed '
on to take the hot teddy," as. the Woman, calledkit, , .

for his health’s sake. to drive out the chill and«/ ‘
put him‘ into a perspiration. _The drink had the .
immediate effegt of lmalilngfhlm dﬁogsg, hi ‘'
wassoon 11’1'a eepsum er romw 1, » e« 1130 »
awake till broad daylight next morning. He-found ‘
his clothes, dried and pressed, on 9. chair beside L
the bed all ready for.,him.to put on. When he 5
walked downstairs the woman’s husband met him ’ 1'
in the hall, and invited him into -theroom where
breakfast was waiting to be served up. After the

 

them just how he came to’ be in the predicangcint
to at‘ 21-
tion three miles down the road. and he took leave .;
of them. Still ignorant of Arthur Crandall’s'.fate,
local, east, which would stop at Darien. The ,
minutes earlier. Joe bought a ticket’ for Darien, I
which was the next stop, eight miles east. When ,.
he stepped out on. the platform the local, bound
for New York, was coming in to the station, and
among the passengers waiting to board‘. it he spied "
Cran all, without his whiskers, but looking‘ none I
the worse for his fall from the train and ducking. 
The young mechanic stepped up to him as he ‘put it
3:115-f00t.((i)n the car-step and grabbing him’ by the‘;
rm, sai : .

"¥ou’re_ taking the gwrong etrain, : iéiandallt
Youll have to go back to Darien.” 
The young man started back withan _impreca’-

had expected trouble, and held on to him with all}
h1S_strength. _The tussle that ensued attracted
general attention as a matter of course, nd

' r \

brought the conductor up. » , . ,
‘fWhat’s the trouble ' here?” he -dehianiied?
sharply. ' ’ , _ . -1 ._- 
“This ma ‘is wanted bygthe Darienpolice, and
must go bac tothat town. jHe4is!tryin‘g,t_o e ‘ "
to.New 'York.’’lsaid..Joe, :"  j - ~ I

I‘ 2  .,   .

  
  
   
 

. ’2o

. ' '“It’s"a lie!” cried Crandall. r“Th_is young ras-
cakought to be arrested for assaulting m_e.” .
 “What authority have you for detaining this

'_ gentleman?” asked the conductor of oe.

’ . “I have no authority, but I'm going to hold

.: him just the same. I’ve told you the truth, and

' , if you interfere you’ll get into trouble. A tele-
graph message to the Darien police department

 will prove what I have said is so,” replied the

 boy,'in a resolute tone. ‘ _

’ *.-¢s“Well, it’s none of my business,” replied. the
conductor, not able to decide upon the merits of
-the case. Settle it between yourselves.” _

4 He gave the signal to go ahead to the engineer,
and sprang aboard the train, which pulled out at
once, leaving Crandall struggling with the boy,
bbth surrounded by a small crowd whose sympa-

. thies were about evenly divided. Finally the Sta-

. tion-master came out and inquired into the cause

w of ‘the trouble. Joe told him the facts, which the
~ crowd listened tohand which Crandall vigorously
“ denied, threatening to sue the railroad company.
 As the boy could show no authority for detain-
.» .ing Crandall, the station-master ordered him to
j_ release the young man. ‘
' ’ “I won't do it,” replied Joe.
v “Then I’ll call a policeman to decide the mat-

H

 
    
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
    
    
 
  
    
  
   
     
   
 

 

f; ‘The station-master telephoned for one of the
own oﬂicers, but long before he arrived the east-
-» ..bound local came in. The conductor of the east-
‘ ' bound traincame up to inquire into the -trouble.
‘ “ It hap ned,,that he knew Crandall by sight, and
,:rem redreading about the attempted. abduc-
tion of Miss Staples by the dude and his two
friends. .So.when Joe stated his side of the case

"put up a stiﬂ’ kick, and again threatened to sue
ftlie railroad, company if the official interfered.
— The conductor, however, believed J oe’s state-
ments that Crandall was wanted in Darien, and
the called a brakeman up and ordered him to help
Joe put the young man on the train. Crandal
renewed his ﬁght for liberty, but he stood no
,. show now, and was quickly bundled into the car
/-and the train started. Joe paid the conductor the
'” uarter which was the fare for Crandall to
‘ arien, and with the help of the brakeman, stood
guard over the prisoner till he was hustled out on
the Darien platform. It was all up with the young
man now, for several people identiﬁed him at the
tation. A policeman was summoned from the
, treat and Crandall was marched to headquarters,
accompanied by J oe.

. ‘CHAPTER XV.—Joe Asks Kittie the All-Impor-
A * tant Question.

’. Crandall, before he was taken to a cell, sent
word to his uncle to come and bail him out. Joe,
after leaving headquarters. went home to change
,’-his Sunday clothes for his working habilirnents.
,_Mrs. Staples and Kittie greeted h1S- appearance
-with ‘satisfaction. The latter had worried a good
aﬁrt of the night over"his unexplained absence.
.3 quickly told his story, recounting with not a
little exultation. how_, he had ﬁnally succeeded in
landing Crandall in Jail. Kittie's-admiration for
"his»nerve and pluck increased! a hundred percent.
:, As. soon as‘ Joe ﬁnished his story he hurri_ed away

1,9 the shop where:he"had to repeat his night and

 

he got the‘ conductor’s support at once. Crandall,

"Qo;3ninz”s° experience-to  *Staples, and later-an, 

 

- u

A YOUNG’ "MECHANIC

during the noon hour. he, told the workmen wliov ; A
did not go out to lunch. - W , ‘_
As Arthur Crandall was decidedly unpopular in
the machine shop, as well as all over the estab-
lishment, J oe’s exploit met with general approval. ’
Crandall’s uncle got him out on a thousand dol- '
lars bail, and after vowing that he would get
square with Joe Warner, whom he tried in vain
to get his uncle to discharge from the works, he
took a late afternoon train for New York. When
he reached the Castle Square Hotel he was «as-
tonished and disgusted _to learn that Brett and . .
Otis had been arrested on a telegraphed order , r
from Darien.'and taken to the Tombs. As it was
impossible for him to see them at that hour, he ..
took his dinner by himself in the hotel dining- .
room. »
Next morning he went to the Tombs to call on . _ T
his associates, and found that they had volun-
tarily gone back to Darien on a late train the v
day previous, and he had probably passed them . ‘ ‘
on the road. As there was nothing to keep him .-
in New York now, he returned himself to Darien *
and found Brett and Otis out on bail. A month -
later the three were tried for the crime of at-
tempted abduction and were convicted, in spite of
the efforts of Lawyer Otis in their behalf. Cran-
dall was sentenced to five years in the‘ State -,
prison, and Brett and Otis to one year each. The. 
fathers of Brett and Otissucceeded in gettin'g'the'. ; .
judge to suspend sentence in their behalf, and
they were released. . \_ ' .
Mr." Crandall appealed his nephew’s case, and ._ 
the young man, got out on -bail, pending the de-‘ 
cision of the Appellate Court. Joe, on Mr. Sta-.. 
ples’ advice, consulted. the district attorney about 
the conversation he had overheard between .Cran- 
dall and ‘Hathaway at the haunted house, statin ' '-
that as the former had sworn to get square wit g «
him, he feared some conspiracy might be hatched . 1‘
up against him between the two men, and put into .. . 
effect by Hathaway. . ' ~ f
“If they were to be arrested, nothing could~be- .-
proved against them on your uncorroborated tes-1 I
timony. You ought to hav taken advantage of ‘ f '
your friend's presence in the house to have had hirn W
listen as well as yourself. As the case standsga , '
he would be able to swear to, is the fact that »th _
two men held an interview in the house that day...
However, as I am satisﬁed you have told me noth- 
ing but the -truth, I'll send for both Hathaway.
and young Crandall, tell them that I have evi-
dence tending to show that they contemplated."
getting you. out of the way, and I will warn’ them 
that if anything crooked happens to you they will. ‘
be immediately arrested on suspicion ofbeizigf im-T . *
plicated in the matter. That will no doubt bring
them to their senses.” j
The district attorney carried out his purpos‘e',*
and though both Hathaway and the secretary dis.-
avowed ever having had any intention of—harniin'g
the young mechanic, the ofﬂcial gave them’ to‘ uny
derstand that he didn't believe their denial. and,
-warned them to_ mind their p’s and q’s. They.-
took the hint and Joe was not molested. .by either
after that. Crandall eventually. got a new-trial
on the ground that the evidence did not~wa“rrant.
the sentence he had received. He was convicted
again-, and sentenced to -two years this time. . His.‘
friends succeeded in -inﬂuencing. -the judg;e,1:o_-sits-»
pend sentence, and he .wa—s.permitted 
At the end ref‘-ea year‘ Brett. and '.0,ti's 

 

   
   
 
    
  
   
  
   
 

‘Q:

 A

sentences quashed, as nothi'ng'had been brought
against them during that time. Crandall expect-
ed to have his ﬁxed the same way when his time
was out, and he tookcare to behave .himself in
' order to reach that-desired result. In the mean-
~ time Joe Warner was rapidly becoming_an expert
mechanic. He was also giving‘ a ‘portion of his
, time to the‘ engineering problem which had
~— stumped Parks——that is an improved condenser.
Soon after his nineteenth birthday he passed his
examination before a board of engineers and re-
ceived a license as a stationary engineer. Six
; months later he .passed another examination and
received a certiﬁcate similar to a diploma, which
stated that in the opinion of the board he was
qualiﬁed to run the highest grade of staionary en-

gines, like the Corliss and such types. _
. . ‘Joe, however, had no intention of availing him-
"self of this advantage, as he meant to become a
,king-pinmechanic, and then grade himself up to
some big job in that line, such as superintendent
I of a big shop employing hundreds of hands. [His
:'general knowledge of engineering was bound to
~ help him to reach the desired goal, and he kept
improving himself in that line right along so as
not to grow rusty. He had really no idea of ever
running an engine for a liivng, but he wanted to
' understand the better class of engines so well that
- he‘ could superintend taking one apart and put-
ting it together again, down to the smallest detail.
.-  : He now considered himself fully qualiﬁed to
. tackle the problem of improving the condenser,
. though he was by no means sure that the dream
_ ’ of Parks could be realized. Still the idea ap-
. V.-pealed to him, because it had been in his mind
 ‘ ever since the day Parks’ model came into his pos-
~ pp -session.‘ Heexperimented only during a part of
 ghis spare time. and months went bv before his
-'7’ scheming bore any encouraging fruit. The friend-
; i ..ship between Joe and Kittie, begun on the day he
- ' Tot his‘ job,at the machine shop of the Crandall
%Vorks,. kept on growing stronger and stronger
,_ as time elapsed. Their attachment was so plain
' ',‘*to, the -girl’s parents that theforeman and his
' wife considered it a foregone‘ conclusion that Joe

 near future. v . .

’. ' Although Mr. and Mrs. Staples had often re-
-.f: marked thatino man living was quite good enough
‘for their daughter; still they marked the rogress
j , of Joe’s quiet courtship with considerab e satis-
. _jf ction. They looked upon Joe as a most unusual

 

y, and were prepared to make an exception in '

his favor. Living rightin t_h'e,family', they had
1;, line on the young. mechanic all the‘ time, and

"could not find the slightest fault withhim. ' In-

 

     
   
  
  
  
   

much of Joe as though he were her own son, and
’;s|he'made no bones about saying as much both to
"her husband and Kittie. ‘ ' ‘

,' “Onthe whole. I wouldn’t ask for a better hus-
band‘ for Kittie than Joe,” remarked Mr. Staples

qualities I admire in a young man, and if he lives

3. self.” - , I
’ , Mrs. Staples agreed with her husband, and they
ooked forward to their daughter’s future with-
in: the slightest misgiving. One night Joe took
;’Kittie to one of the theatres to see a New York
,success_ that had -come ‘to town for ajweek. stand.

s,

l*d . V A YOUNG VMECHANICI

5 " ould ask them for their Kittie some day in the '

deed, Mrs..Staples had come to think almost as)

I joiie evening to his wife. -“He ‘possesses all the . .

hewill make a name and a competence for him- ,

ve /Wasthef predominant feature of the play,,]

}2il_*fl

 

and both.Joe and Kittie. were much impressed by ‘
the trials and tribulations of the virtuous heroin . 
his efforts to win the beautifulbut coy lieroineii ‘
When they came out after the show. they could’
talk of nothing else but the play, and instead of  ~
taking a car part of the way to their home,-‘they , ’
walked. It was_a beautiful moonlight night, ‘and
when they got into the quiet residential streets ~
Joe became more conﬁdential than usual. After
going over his plans for the future, as he had al-
::?t(li:V done many times before with the girl, he 
ﬁe‘;I,’suppose you intend to marry some day,  .;.

  

mgjl, suppose so, if’ I can ﬁnd anybody to have 
“Don’t you know anybody who would  glad  -. _
have such a treasure as you are?” -7 - 
_“No-o,” replied the girl slowly, which was Ha 
big ﬁb, for she knew, as well as any girl in her ‘Q.
511088 Could know. that Joe would pro ose some a '_
day to her, ’andjthat’ she_ meant to acge 1; him‘, _ L 1 
. You_ don t_know_? ’ said the young mechanic, ,a A 
triﬂe disappointed in her reply. . .  ’ 1‘
She struck her head and looked‘ down, but her.-'.;
manner belied her words. ‘ = . _ "
“Isn’t there somebodv you think a whole lotnf?” 
“Why, of course—mother and father." ’ = " ~
“Isn’t» there somebody else?” ' -_ 5
“Well, I think a lot of you, too,” she replied

 

 
  

slowly.
“How. much?”
“Oh, a lot.” -
“Do you think as much of me as I do of you?”.-
“I don’t know how much you think of me.”
::Oh, come now, you do.” :
How. much do.you think of me?” she asked‘,

alniost saucily. . 
‘ I think more of you than anybody else in tﬂa
world. I think so much of you that I'want,yén"»
otbe my wife someday. There, I've said it now;
Will you?" ._
“Do you really mean that, Joe?”
“I do. Don’t you.believe ine?”
::Yes, I believe anything you say.” .
And may I ask your father and mother if»:
can have you?” , i  ‘ _ _t .
“Yes,” she answered softly. -
“Then you love me as I love you?”
“I do, with all my haert.” _ T I\‘
Joe s heart Jumped with ‘delight. She loved him’
and he was thoroughly happy. And so was Kit-
tiehappy, for Joe had declared himself at last.’

    
     
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
 

 
 

 

CHAPTER XVI.—Rising' to Fame and‘For1:une.

A few days ‘laterVJoe summoned» up courage:
enough to ask Mr. Staples the momentous ques-
tio‘n-—could he have Kittie? _ .\- s-
- ‘So you want to marry our Kittie, eh?” ~

:1 do,_ the worst way.” ' . ,  p ‘:

Well. you go and ask Mrs. Staples, Joe. Whale-
evesr Sill? says goes.” h . ’ ; . p p I _;

,0‘ 6 young mec anic hunt d K'tt'e’ I that
up“and-told her that he wantede'Kittie.1~ is mo’ “M

“Have youasked Mr. Staples?” ‘ I '

Yes.”, i , .v '~ ‘ _ y W
::What did he say72_’_/’  ‘ y - ' 
Told Ine-‘fw ask you; ’,Dhat,whatev5r,-you

ent.”-  . r ,, ,
‘_‘We11, Jfoe, Kittie‘ is bur only;

 

W

   

   

v -father and I: think’ there isn’t another
' world like her."" ‘ _ .
 “That’s right,” nodded the boy. ‘ “I think the
same.” v ' ' - ’ - "-
“ aturally we’re particular about the person
' she selects as a husband.” ‘ ‘ £-
’ “Well, how do I ﬁll the bill?” asked Joe, a bit
' anxiously. ’ _ ‘
“I don't know anybody I would sooner give her
to than you,..Ioe. ‘So you can have her with our
. . blessing, for I know you will make her a good
' husband.” , .

girl in the

 

In a few days Joe took Kittie to‘ a jewelry_stor_e A

and she picked out an engagement ring, the price
of which came within his means. A few days
later Joe. while making an, experiment in con-
nection with his idea of an'improvement in the

dentally found out a way to utilize a larger per-
centage of the wasted steam than was inuse any-
where. It was a known fact that by far the
. greater proportion of the units of steam went to
waste, consequently any discovery which would
serve to utilize a larger number of those particles
of condensed va-por would prove of untold value‘
in economizing coal consumption. Joe knew the
value of his new discovery, and he lost no time in
" assuring himself that it could be put to" practical
use. .. ‘_ , «
He got permission from the engineer of the
‘works to attach his invention to the. big boiler in
the outho'use‘adjoining'-the engine-room. Careful
. data was kept of the results achieved. and it was
- found that the boy's apparatus enabled the boiler
to supply the usual amount of steam necessary
to run the» engine at regulation speed with one-
third less fuel than was required when his attach-
" ment was not in use. ,. As soon as’ this fact was
demonstrated beyond a doubt, Joe had drawings
"made of his invention and, applied for a patent.
1 Owing to its great importance it was pushed by
y the patent attorneys, and a patent secured at the
' earliest possible ‘date. . , ‘ , H
A full illustrated’ descriptio of this valuable
' 'discoyery was immediately pub ished by a w_.éll-
known scientiﬁc paper, published in New York.
, Inside of a few days letters, began coming to
"Joe from peoplewho were desirous of securing
, aninterest in his patent. Mr. Staples, who had
.*made up his mind that his prospective son-in-law
had ‘made one of the most important discoveries
of the‘age, advised Joe to go ‘slow about dispos-
ing of any share of his invention. Before the boy
had considered seriously any of the propositions
submitted to him, he was called uponby the rep-
resentative of a manufacturing establishment of
national reputation located near Pittsburg.
'_ The<ﬁrm in question wanted to secure the ex-
clusive rights to manufacture and put, Joe’s in-
« vention on the market, and its representative was
‘authorized to 'oﬁ"er the young mechanic a royalty
that was bound to make him very rich in a ‘short
' time. ,‘Joe"s attorneys had made arrangements to
», kta,ke_ out patents in every civilized country on the
face of the globe,’ so that the ‘boy should secure
., the exclusive rights of his valuable invention.
' _ ‘The ‘ﬁeld to be covered was so large. that only. an
' ystablishment like.the_ Pitiyiurg housecould hope
pplyt the demand. wit n anyAtl1ing,like a rea-

   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
  
  
 
    
   
 

: on—t~!~s,marl¢pt. Owing to the fact that J oe’s in-
vention had first ‘demonstrated-i-ts usefulness and

:7 ..

. condenser, s.uddenly.realized that he had acci-»

511 v
irable ti'1”ne,.aft_e1"the inventiomwas actually put «

5

MECHANIC
valueon the'boile.1‘ of '»his‘—.g.-stablishinent, Mr.
Crandall took a’ great deal of interest in the boy’s
success. When he heard a.T)011l7,“,\the'.ol'lfer,,submit- ,  ,
ted by the Pittsburg ﬁrm,‘ he called the young ‘
mechanic into his oﬁice and advised himyby ._all ,
means toacept it, as the ’res_po”nsibi_lity ‘and repu- ,. ‘
‘cation of the h'ouse.were a_ suﬁ;icient,_ arantee . ,'
that he would‘be fairly dealt with, whi _e’ the re-
sources of thajestablishment were such that the "'
invention could not only be rapidly turned out, but v.‘ —
quickly marketed. « — , «
"Had the firm made you a ﬂat oﬁer of a million’
for _your American patent alone, I should have
advised you to refuse, it, for the. royalty basis
offers [you far larger returns. When you have 
secure your foreign patents‘ I should advise you ’
to hold on to them also. and let the, Pittsbur 3
house supply the world. You ‘will not only add"
to your own income by so doing, but help.,Amer-
ican trade and the American .workman;” said
,Mr. Crandall. , - l \« '
“I will follow your advice, Mr. Crandall,” re-
plied Joe, “and at the same time I thank you for
the interest you show in me." . . »
“You are welcome. Warner. And to show you ( _
that this interest is no‘ ‘sham I will, if you so de- u “
sire, make it my business to see that you get every ;'
advantage in the agreement you have decided to
make with the Pittsburg house.” . . ,.
The unexpected results which had come to Joe  I ‘
through his experimentingwith Parks’ chimer- "
ical idea of -an absolute vacuum in the condenser,
changed the whole course of the boy's future. A 
After signing the documents with the Pittsburg '
company, there no,1onger existed any reason for‘
him doing another stroke’ of manual labor during —
the rest of his life. Inside of theyear, while his’. .
intention was coming into general‘use as fast as’ 
the great resources of the Pittsburg concern could , 
put it out, his name became known inievery im-
portant_ country in the world. When the young‘ . I
mechanic asked Kittie to namethe day"for their ., "

marriage, her mother, whom she consulted‘, said  3-;

 

 

to her: _ _ , V ._

, “Kittie, you have won a prize in the .matr’i- " “~
monial lottery. You will ultimately be able to A
live in the ﬁnest house in this town,’ whether it ‘V "
be in Bradhurst Avenue oryanywhere else. You. '9 :
will be able to buy the most expensive gowns‘ of
any of our society ladies. In fact you will be“able. -7
to command all the luxuries that a millionai W
husband can give you. You were certainly bog ';
under a lucky star.” , , . ' , _ v V 
, Three months later J oe‘ ang Kittie were married, j '
and every newspaper in tow considered the event.
of suflicient general interest to lay it beforeits ..
readers. At the conclusion of their honeymoon, ‘
Joe and his bride took possession of the new, hom "

I he had had built and furnished for their acco“
modation. At -his particular request, Mr. and
Mrs. Staples went to live with them, his father- I
in—law retiring-from the ‘foremanship of the ma’.-
chine shop, and becoming‘ a gentleman of leisure,
which his long years of service justly entitled"hii'n
to. .As time passed, Joe’s wealth rapidly. ins
creased, and it/was not so long before he was
a ﬁnancial position to sign his check for a milli,L;n\

 

    
   
  
 

had he wanted to do so.

_ Next week's issue will‘. ‘contain “BANI{EBl
BARRY’S BOY; OR. GATI;IERING THE D0,
LARS IN WALL. S'l‘REET..' . g " ’ ‘

 

 FAME AND FORTUNE dWEEKLY‘

    
    

FR BE!

   

\. -A WONDER OF THE
; v * 20th GEHTUR
lmhle Ioerev. book no-

 
 
    

   

0‘h Century» --worth

=
n
2
4:
5'.
'3':
F
H
.-
o
~<
3
=
-q
a
5

   

'°°'.....;1:{::.1:i5:&'?::‘::?a;°:.":;f:;':3.::¥:.::::;;$:: a;'L.;':;;
1 ' Q, bjgary wn. «most or en. compo o
:';'aT15'n:?1§°:'e‘-r7a';?u'§'.w-5.. ‘Fox on?! 5 . 3:0“ *V_¥"|‘ V‘ 937 D°“°E°,~

Wineholt Assn., Box 10, Woodbine, Pa.

RARE BOOKS

'  Memoirs of Madame De Pompa-

dour. in two volumes, 50c; one

of ‘Cleopatra's Nights, 30c; Life of Madame

Du Barry. 30c; A Daughter of Eve, 30c; How

to Love, 30c: 26 Mon and a Girl, 30c. All for

$2. Get yours now. WINEHOLT NOVELTY
HOUSE, Box 10. Vvoodbine. Pa.

 . THE ROBBER KING -

Jim Baron, bank breaker and hold-up
man. is pursuer through a mass 01 ‘criminal
deeds that astound and hold t reader
spellbound. .168 pages, Price 350 ’ostpald.

V‘; A wrmmon-r NOVELTY Housman: ‘no,
7 -. \Voodb1ne,_ Pa. —

N“BARNEY‘ GO_OGLE”~
(New Cartoon Book) Per Copy_ Me.

. , r wrNEHoL'r NOVELTY HOUSE
 ’ V ”.Box 10, Woodbine, Pa. 1

_v .- .FREE!
' r This ﬁne phonograph

\ given free. Plays all
standard size records
nml does all the work
that the big machines do.
Given tree tor-selling .24
pkgs. of -Post Cards at
15c each or 24 pkgs. of

  

um. um:-.
mind-rendinﬁn. etc This book-v-tho '
I K e 2

Q 7‘ 83 ‘
.%§..°.,.!l§‘§.'.§J.F.l§.’f,§lll¢  
ehIol.0¢z.rlux.thna.oIc Simult-
ﬂod and illustrated In that 1 child
can 'or.'oI-tn them: To lntmdnou ,

an on ones oi‘ tricknhnd onurrhmu '
 W" mcboolmnntotlooroataﬂw

qt; M11‘ or V£NTRll.0QlJlSIIJ....°°"
“ . inf how toacqnlre this amusing art.
W th training and practise as laid
ﬂ down in this book any boy should be
able to nuke voices appear to oomc‘
., Coat of thechimney from a cloaetntc.
‘ This book sent for pp. .—

I-loylos Poker Primer
Poluhrs on Pohr. (km; and Dleo. n-$5.»:

ou\. txpo-nu ot the ulchotaunblan.
10¢ Doupnld.

  
    
   
    

Actors’ Joke Book 3
,‘.’;‘.'.”‘."Z"‘........"*""' .§‘.:"'.!.“"....“‘..........“““"‘.':".“.5 L
' nap. Vim: M ¢_rln may can Iarﬂ nut!
_ tho bhu. ca-do A hon: lunch. 1'» laun-
" . duuauhpurmuu us

100. 3 for 200.

Ask for our catalogues of Tricks. Jokes,
Novelties and Magic. All free. - '

Wineholt Sales Co.. Box 10, Woodbine, Pa. I ,\

 

     

3 thin u,.will and
utlful
. OUV

» - II '
,“BroI§_glIl Io $000 In (Bush! _
, an l-‘om o onto-nr1.' Ono honrutgg henna: no
SHEIK G090-LUCK RONG
.31.“: pm muoiooo cA3h.“0lh- _
an 31 it brlngcluck In love. Iuc- -‘
.'mu.h-yp1nese."‘B|I;ve.r.'t1,z:ElI'!;."v!.
co"?
-mulls-is 51.9% Or <u_h -an
- Manly :1 '. u-olor 3 25- Mud

nggm, boy g:_!Ivl Ovdut

' ’ ’ Perfumed Suchet at 10¢
3 pkg. Order NOW. Send no-money. \

Wlndholt Mix. Cog, Box 10, Woodbine, Pa.
I ‘ , ' . ‘

your atria for sin-.: ¢ule'lfAl-r'ryv-;nn. $

  
  
     
    
    
  

V Wlrielguilt Jewelry C_o,, '50; i0. Woodbine. Pa. /

’_.    siblé through 'an inrrention perfected by Oscar  ‘

 _ , _ _ Hug of Brooklyn. ‘ .,
7 ‘ - -. »_ to _e1&1‘om tlhe small battery.ca.s'e, which can .be car- 1 ‘V
 ' ER DEAD, DOG 5U1_c1DE Ey REFUs_ ‘:1 in _t e pocketthere is attached a light, in.~,_.' ‘
.  ., 1N(;¢AL1, FooD,_ ‘ ?I11x1a;te<1l_t<::i1rd alzoiit-'tt}1ree Eeet 1OX1‘lg. The gonti gttigs‘
 n» -‘ 11-,- dead ﬁe . V xvemea Srlp om xgvuc projecsme,

im;:7?I1eddge,fu:e<§:% :23 sgrxlgetlfg dlsatllis. of hisgmisl-. guarq fqr 3. Small e1e.ctr5°-' hght bulb! in°1°S°d

- tress‘ gMrs ‘Emma. sBert ﬂftY~eight, of No. .411 th°.re""- TA‘.°”.9u1ar 5I”'"‘g ‘attached t"‘.t.h° metals 
’ Lewi§~st£e'et ‘Union ciﬁy.» ~ The dog A was found it.” “an be S.1‘PPed 0"” 0139 Of the ﬁnger-S 9? the '- ‘
dead‘ in the ’yard of the Bert home. Neighbors ‘md’ and “"5 holds the hght ﬁnnlyr “"5138 13'

. - _ at‘ the same time to shootits beam directl on
' ‘kedgred that the animal refused even cholce mor ' whatever’ part of the motor the hand is Eoucging;

gels =o£_n_1e’§.t. ' ’
"L r  orﬂsnuft .H'ab'r+‘
 Paw

 

  

I‘. I‘

  
   
   

 

V, ' . HANDY FLASHLIGHT ' V c
,Cé.'m"3{ing 9. ﬂashlight in the right or left. hand, _ ‘ A ,
stil ..le__avin bofch .hand_s frgeior working‘. on , ‘~;,,,"-‘ "*""""*"‘* ‘-0-*1
'bhe">'1i1ot9r'a «it ~ e autumoblle, 1s nowmmﬁade p08‘. =

V"-'1-*-”r*»'+"5-°°"*"m";,"“" <m 

   

 /

3'

*~ 2 I24 .
' TURNED AWAY
. ' ——_OR—-'_ —

. A BOY INASEARCH OF HIS NAME"

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CBHAPTER VII.—— (Continued)

, There was a terrible ﬂash, and Clif saw Tom
leap upon the quarter-deck and cross to the cock-
« it

At the same moment he saw that there was no‘

, one at the wheel. . , .
He got his footing just then, released his hold
~ on the captain’s collar, assisted him to his feet,
and said: . _
1 ,‘‘Man at the wheel disabled, sir. That's what
7 , sent us off. Tom Brown has gone to the wheel.
 You can depend on him, -sir.”
' “H’m! was it you who grabbed me by the col-
. lar?”-growled the man. 7 -
“Yes, sir.”  ‘ ~
, “Whatdid you do it for?” , J
, “To keep goulfrom going overboard, sir.”
_ “li’m! an I would have gone, sure enough!
\ Butrwhat did you want to do it for? I'm a smug-
’: ,gler, a thief, you say. What business had you
to save a man like that?” ‘
‘,‘If I hadlet you go when I could have saved
 you,‘ sir,’7 said Cliﬁ‘, firmly, “I would have been
_ worse’than a thief. I‘ would have been a mur-
' derer.” ’ J ‘ ’
, “H’m!” muttered the man, ‘and going upon the
'quarter—deck hceglooked at the sky and the sails,
. and then at_ Tom, and shouted: _ T

“Can you hold her?”

“Yes, sir,” ,  .

“Keep her as she is. Want any help?”

“No. She goes all right.{’

“Good enough. Anybody else there?”

“No, sir. .1 guess he’s been washed overboard.
don’t see him, but there's something wet and
warm on the spokes.” “ T _ A

“Blood, most likely,” —said Clif. “The man

“lost his hold and the. spokes ﬂew around and
_ brained him, no doubt.” -
‘ ¢£Him!)!
then he called: .
“Rope offthat hole, in the rail and stretch life

"in.t,l'lis gale.” ~., , .
“Not unless you want to leave all our bones on
it,” Clif. heard Jock, the mulatto steward, say, al-
most in his ear.
" Clif worked with

  

the others, ‘whil‘ei‘Tom re-

. "under greatly reduced sail, everything she had
. up being closely reefed. ’ _
‘* At fourbells, or two o’clock in the morning,

 

j‘ taking his.
in the’wa.ist., . y . Q» - V

 .Hot coffeewas served out tothe men at the gal‘-
, ‘Jey, which was presided ,oszer'by “a” small; very
;;...,i he were big hoops in

   

black ‘andgflsmiliiig _negro,1v

   
 
 

  
 

 

 

‘ ing his voice as Jock, the steward appeared."

Clif heard the skipper mutter, and '

.lin,es.,. There’s no making the Grigiron tonight

mained at the wheel, and theschooner, d1‘-ove on’

’Toi'n«was relieved at the wheel, one of.the seamen’
place, when he came and joined Clif ‘

 

\.

FAME AND‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY

' his ears, and had a big red and yelloiwrisilk hand-It
kerchief tied loosely about his ‘neck, exposing _ '
his throat and chest, which looked strong and ‘

.5V‘°WY' . . . " v .
.~ “You like dis hooker, you t1nk?” he asked Clif
ats he llfﬁlded ’the boy a pot oﬁvcoifee. “You
s ay wi capn you ti . ' _
. h_“I d1en’t know’,” said Clif, no wishing to commit’.
imse . ,
“You make heap money, some time, all same
you spend him very fas’, too. Cap’n very good, ’
man v1_v{helili_ he, make plenty money, bad when he i 
nO:‘E.?.eiilhl:mdoesn’tha1w23ys make money?” .' l I
‘ '0; sometimes im ose sometimes customer
no show up, sometimes Cusltom House man "look i
too iharp1,’try‘ catch him, den him had throw ting,  ,
over oar . V ,
“I see,” said ,C1if. .“On the whole, there’s a 
great, deal of risk and not much proﬁt in the busi-  L I
ness. _ ' '
“Dat so; butno tell cap’n. He be mad, throw
ting, cuss, stamp around, hit somebody, mebbe '
shgezt. Y1;>uﬁmo1I'e betteli; stay in shtip.” H .3.
es; u if cant ring myse to,———_- : _' "
"Den watch your chance to get away some
time,” said the cook, who was cal ed Dolf, lower’-—«_ 

  

“Yes, thanks, I thinkthe “young lady might 1i‘ke,- -
some,” said Clif, walking away form the galley‘'». T
:with the pot in his hand. ' . ' ' T - 
The wind continued to blow with great velocity,
and the schooner’ drove on before it, the ,captain* »—_
remaining on the.qua~rter—deck watchi the sea, I '-
the sky, and the sailspnow turning to t e hel_ms'-.
\ man to give direct1ons,'1iow._shouting some Orders
/toﬁhe men on deck. ‘ i I ‘W! " ‘ 

 
 
    
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
    
   
 
  

e had, not said anything to Clif after in-'
cident on the main deck,’ and _e.boy remai X
ready to be called in case he was needed, but"«h/a '
very little to do, as there were many hands, pt) I.

one having gone below. . I . ;
They ran on until daybreak, the storm abating 5
notthe least in its violence, and then, all of a s_ud“—‘ *
den, Clif heard the sound qf breakers ahead of,
them, and saw, appearin dimly through the sea. ‘
mists, a line of black roe s, and, beyond, a, range’
of hills. '~ ,1 . . I 
‘The captain peered from under the brim of
his sou’_wester, and then, seeing Clif standing by
the mainmast, called to him. , ~ . .. V
Take the wheel,”‘he said, as ‘the boy came upon’

the quarter-deck. ‘I'm not going to run upon
those rocks, but I want a steady hand and a clear
head to help me. Follow my directions,‘ and»‘we_’llf
be all right._ It’s a difgicult passage to, the 115}-
bor I'm making, but you saved my life once, and

~ I guess I can trustxyou now.” ’ . ‘ 
~.Clii:' toekthe wheel_'in silence, and Hazeltine;
standing Just behind him, gave the word to ‘steer
straight for the tallest of the bleak rocks in ,f1-one
of them. K c < : ’ ’
Clif obeyed, and Yetvitvseemed to him as if

th”
were rushing» right to their doom. ‘fay

 f‘.l}:‘.

‘I1 ,1

p CHAPTER VIII. e

I e In The Smugg1er’s Hiding-Place; '~ 
Hazeltiiie stood’ immovabl ‘ at Clif’a sidg.."s_e'e‘ '
,ing_inVno wise affected by,‘tz;eir‘appare‘nt.~d 

 

  

1,,

    

‘ .9‘

   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
    
   
 
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
 

I  point or two, but not till then, and don’t be afraid
’ " of nothin’. I ain’t a-goin’ on the rocks.” I

, On they rushed until it seemed as if in another
instant they would go dashing upon the black
rocks at the base of which the waters surged and
boiled. ' -

_ “Now,” said thecaptain, and Clif began to al-
ter his course. - . _

. V The vessel swung_about rapidly, and ma mo-
V ment they were liding past‘ the black rock.

' “E;gtiugh! Stea y! As youvgo!’." ‘

Clif held the vessel on her new course, and the
captain said no more to him for some little time,
and when he did he spoke in low tones, inaudible
{beyond the cockpit. / '
' , ‘Now and then he roared out orders to the men

ion the main deck, calling to them to ease the jib

. e oin to be wrecked. ‘
weI1’.as% onge black. rock and another, now through
‘a channel so narrow that it seemed as if they
’m-ust be nipped, now so close to some bare rock
that the boy‘could have dropped a stone upon‘ it,
now seeming to be caught in an eddy which would
‘t rend them apart, then apparently about to run
straight upon a shoal, but escaping all these. dan-
gers by a swift turn of the wheel, the schooner
continued on her tortuous way, Clif doing exactly
is he was told, a‘hd Hazeltine standing unmoved
/':'by'his side. _ c ,
lAt=. last they ran in between two great green
“hills following a narrow channel which ‘seemed
so and at the foot of a giant gray bluff which de-
mended sheer to the water.
The bluff seemed to b1ock_ , _
or. Clificould not see the slightest opening, and
 " positive that there was none. _ »
9 ﬁoweverf, he had seen so many strangethings
 the passage that he ceased to wonder, and
gimply stood there, executing one order-11.111511 an‘
other _should be given him. ,
The channel was not wide enough for the vessel
to" turn around in and there appeared to be no

wa. out in either’ direction. ; ~ , _

. "giddenly, however, when the _b0\3V§PI‘1t “#15

about to" touch the rocks. the captain said 3, ,
"."I-jlard down till I tell you. ‘Then let go and

look out not to get hit by the ﬂying spokes.”
c1if'jai'nmed the wheel hard down and held it

  

‘ " ‘ t Cl'f’ prise he entered another“
‘°”‘r§'geamlhé° exlistSeriS<::r of which he had not
’ ‘id, and glided on,‘ carried along by a swift
eqiérent u til he saw an opening ahead of him,
 then a considerable expanse of water.’

“Let go!” said ‘the skipper. _ _
Clif loosed his hold in, an instant and Jumped

’ The spokes flew around like lightning, and‘ in a
w moments the schooner came to rest in mal-
“ "circular basin of smooth water, tlievsails

_ re ‘lowered, the anchor droppedhand they were
at their harbor. , _ , .

: *‘'I’her‘e4’’ said Hazeltine. with a sigh of relief-
‘ I, you may go below and et a est. We are
from storm or pursuers ere. ’
,son. You didn’t,1ose our‘h’ead, an you ClOl;€
: what you‘ was told. , t ain t egery one/ch

I i<=«.m‘=>t-.'r   

 

~ FAME AND ; FORTUNE WEEKLY

“When I ,speak,”' he said, quietly, “come up ‘a , _

the way completely, .

%',[IT1e.3.l'l instant the schooner was swung to star- ’

Clif crossed the quarter-deck, and as he de-
scended the companion-ladder to the main deck,
looked around him. ‘

In front, at a distance of two or three hundred

 

and beyond this a clump of trees among whi h h?"

could see several neat white cottages. —. 
To the right of the beach were rocks and shin-
gle, and-to the left bluffs, gray and ragged, and
descending sheer to the water’s edge. 
,“and one into which none not knowing its. where-
abouts could ever hope to follow.- Now that I am
here the question is, shall ‘I ever get out?”
During the forenoon, after he had eaten and
slept, Clif came out on deck and saw Ada and 1 er
father standing by the rail, looking toward the

gr to lower ‘or to raise it, the men acting‘ on the beach, Tom sitting on a bitt not far away.
instant, 311311011811 W1th»n0 Wldent fear at they . “They’ve been taking stuif ashore,” said the

boy. “They got a storehouse there. I wonder if
they’re going to store us? The cap’n said we'd
go ashore pretty soon.”

25"

yards, was a. stretch of smooth white beach, run-g ".-— =
ning back at a gentle slope for about ﬁfty feet, 

A snug hiding—place, this,” the’ boy mused, V‘

“I don’t know, I’m sure. This is the strangest _

place I ever saw.”

“I think I cduld take the ship in,” said Tom, ,

“but I wonder if it’s the same way out? I watched
you while you was at the wheel. Maybe we could
get’ out if we had a boat."

“You don’t know what the captain intends do-
ing’ with us,_ I suppose?" asked Ada. “There is

no real reason for our"being kept prisoners, is‘ .

there?”

“It seems a very curious place,” said Mr. Kid~ . "
“I think I would .

de1_- before Clif could answer. '
enjoy exploring it if I could have a boat. I am
but I was so interested that I forgot’ all about
the time and that the locality was unfamiliar to
me. The tide was tremendously strong, too. '

wonder if it was as
the wreck?” I

Clif looked puzzled, and Ada said, quietly:¥

.‘‘Father is thinking of a wreck that happened“ I I

several years ago, and in which he takes a great
interest”. , f  2
Before Clif‘ could answer.the steward came up
and said: ' » i ' .
“Cap’n says you can go ashore if you like. He
tink you ‘like ‘dat better dan stay here. De boat
go right away soon if_you like go dere.” * '

enjoy it very much.‘ Ada, dear, will you get me
my hat and cane?”

“They were lost, father, when we were thrown".

on the rocks.” ~
“Oh, yes, to be sure,” said Mr. Kidder,‘ smiling.
“I forgot it. Well, I shall
V find others.”

“I’ll get you a bat an’ stick,” said Jock. “You it

want to go walkin’ or in de boat, me go wif you.

Me s’pect stay on shore two, tree days, mebby. vi
Me got plenty time for lady ands’ 

long time.
fader.”

“Thank you,” said Kidder. ‘‘I shall likeiyery.
much to explore the coast.- I am looking for a}
wreck.’ _A "ship went down, and I am looking for’
You’ve done‘ it” I ‘ ' ‘ '

the conversation into
3 who sawher, lo_ok,\hel’pe

I her‘in this.
\ , _ 1 yr

., if  1‘;

 

‘Ada looked distressed, and presently ‘turned :
gher channels, and  

sorry I wrecked Captain Peter's boat‘ yesterday,“ » I

strong as that at the time of,  

“By all means,” said they ' ld gentleman. “I shall 1 ’

have to go without ‘or . 
- \

  
 

 '« 26 A YOUNG
_ They went ashore in a short time, Jock going
, .,.,i» with them, and two sailors rowing.
 They met Hazeltine on the beach, and after
_ ,greet_ing them somewhat shortly, he said:
‘ ‘T j “Jock’l1 show the young lady the house where
ioyshe; and her father will stop. ‘You boys can have
j'“f one next to it with Jock and one o’ the men.
 , re storm‘hain’t blown itself out yet, and we
won’t be goin’ away at once. It’ll be better here
than aboard the hooker, so make yourselves com-
fortable and go about as much as you like.”
L ‘* Clif saw a look in the captain’s face as he said
‘this which convinced’ him that the man did not
mean that they should escape, no matter how fair-
, ‘spoken he was. ~ '
'1 ' E01‘ all that he meant to make the most »of_ any
V chance that there might be, although he said‘:
. “Thank you, captain.
place, and we will try andenjoy ourselves.”
During the afternoon Clif and Tom strolled

  
    

 

through the woods and along the beach, Ada and '

henfather being with Jock inthe boat, or scram-
* bling about among the rocks.
The two boys were provided with bunks in the

little house next to that‘occupied by the Kidders, .

and, after supper, being pretty well worn out,
x vrenl: to bed shortly after dark.

ll. Clif fell asleep at once, but awoke just before ’

- ,d:.‘§,“.)rcak, and not caring to sleep any more, arose,
dressed, himself, and went out, thinking he would
take a swim beforebreakfast.

As he left the woods and came out upon the

_ beach he saw that the moon was almost to the
top of. the hills behind him, and then, looking out

 

,  mg. ,
 , ‘‘H.’m; that’s strange,” he murmured. “I won-
 der if they’vc
. I other part or t is strange place?” .
.  — At that moment Tom came out of the ‘woods.

 

‘  " different from what they came in.

There's one
way in and another on .” “
“Well, for all that,

 “As.I feared,” said Clif.
I’ll ﬁnd the way out.”

.\ ,
CHAPTER IX.

A Moment Too Late. . \

_ll» that day Clif saw very little of Ada except
at a distance. ‘ ‘ - .
‘The steward remained with the girl and her
‘T ' fathemrralmost constantly, and much of the time
{I ,. the-8' were out in the boat. .
‘ ' lif ‘and Tom roamed over’ the hills unre-
' . jstrained, but when they wished to take a boat
. there was none to be had, or the men told them
V. »' , that it was too near dinner-time, or that they
_ wanted it themselves, or gave one or another ex-
cuse for not -giving it to them. _

';. , During the first day they climbed the highest
“hill they could scale, and then Clif ascended the

‘ tallest tree to be found there.  p . -
p “This place is an island, Tom,” he said. when
‘he came down. “I can see the ocean on all sides,
 and, far "away to thenorth, land. That’s the

;’main, ~Iisuppose.,’9, _ .. . '
The next day the two boys, by much climbling

  
    
 

« Then we mightﬁhave got away.

This seems a pleasant ,

.. upon the water, saw that the schooner was miss-_

one or are simply secreted in some,

" “They've gone,” he said. .“And they went out ’

' 4’ having’; to make a considerable sdetour, man- .,
*3 ’ 1 - ‘:-   ~” ’ .   ;' R f ‘ 3:‘

MECHANIC

aged to reach the top of the bluff to the left of the '

beach, and walked along it for. a considerable dis-

tance. " '

From here they hada better view than'on' the, 
previous day, and , saw more clearly that they .
were on an island. ‘ ‘

Atter a time Clif noticed
ting low," and suggested that they go down
darkness overtook them. ’ ,

“Hallo!” said Tom, as they were about to leave, ~- .
pointing out to sea. j v.f‘What’s that? .It looks to  3:?
me like the schooner." ~ . . i w _;’ "
f‘So it is,” sagid Clif. “Hazeltine is returning; 
I wish he had staid away a-day or two longe'1i.‘~. ‘ -
1 He will vhaveto‘ -.
hurry to get in before dark. He seems a- long-;\_ —

.. way off yet.” I - . ' ’ ’   ‘ ‘

The boys were off the bluff by sunset,,but it ,was ‘ ,
nearly dark when they reached the beach and saw ‘ 

.the schooner lying at-anchor in the basin. L , 7 I

we orthree boats came ashore, and the men '

' began to enjoythemselves, drinking and carousing
and making a great dealof noise. ' ‘ « -.
-The boats were drawn up onsthe beach and left 1‘ .

without guards, and at length, whenit wasjquite

dark, Clif said to Tom: " ,.  5-’ I
“If we could get one of" the boats, we might be’

able to leave. ~Do you think you could te*ll»’th.e§

place where the schooner went out‘?”- _  “
“I, guess so,” said Tom. “Anyhow,,we could

that the sun was'p:et~ 1,’
before» ,

   

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

, “I’ll see Ada and tell her. to. remainsiiwake,-— ,,-,_
With these fellows carousing there’ will, be no .‘
great watch kept, and when everything is. quiet,
we may be able to ‘get away. If there were only
you and me there wouldn’t be much trouble.‘-but
we mustgnot leave Ada and her‘ father among
these rough men.” . , ' y-7

_“Ciuldn’t we go away and then come -back for

, them," asked Tom. .- ‘ -  ;, 

“N0. 1 Would beafraid to do that. We must
K take themwith us." v _' .~ ' ’ I - ‘ ‘
A little later Clif saw ‘Ada in front of the,-‘eo,
tage, and said: ' . * »' ‘-9 .
“It’s,=a lovely evening. Wouldn’t _you lil¢e,'to_'
take-'9. walk? ‘Your father will be very ‘comfort,-‘—
able. alone.” ' . _  “ 
»_Ada knew by the boy’s tone that he had some,-'
-thing of, importance to communicate, and an;
swered: ~ ’ ‘ .  g 5 Sr‘.
“Yes, I would like it very much)” and in ‘a few:
moments the" two were walking leisurely along
the beach, beyond the reach of anycurious ears. _ —»
“The men will be all drunk tonight,” said’ Gli!
“and it will be a good time to make ourescape, a
no watch will be kept. If we stayonthe schoorl
there will be no opportunity. Tom thinkshe ca
ﬁnd ’the way out, and I think it is worth while
try.’ . v  » I g I « 
“Toncight?” asked Ada anxiously. i -A _
_ “Yes._ There may be risks, but we risk'..m’ore..
in staying here. Keep awake, and at the pro’
moment I will knock on the window of your“roo'
The greatest diﬂiculty, I suppose, will be -’ ‘
your father.” »' , / .— j: ,_ 
“Yes, for heis well satisﬁed here. But’ I will’
tell him that we are going in the ,boat.w ‘I-Ie“ ”
lights in that and will make no objection.” -
“Good? Then be ready‘ at any.time‘~for thetsygi

i cnal. It may be quite late,,fo1\I mi1stw.ait,fti1l.-&

~isqu.iet.”‘_ so»   ' i ‘
V (To be ’co‘ntin‘ued.) f

  
   

  

- /

l tame and Fortune Weekly
NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 17, 1926

‘TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS 

 

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Postage Free 8 cents
One Copy ’1‘_hree Months . . . . . .. ” ” 1.00

One Copy Six Months.. . . . . . . ” ” 2.00

One CODY. One Year . . . . . .. ” ”

V Canada, $4.50 Foreign, $5.00. _

u, HOW TO_ SEND MONEY_—At our risk\seii(1 P. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Letter‘; remittances

‘ - .in, any other way are at your risk. We_,nccept Postage»
' Stamps the same as cash. When seiidiiig silver. wrap
the Coin iii 21 separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the "envelope. Write your name and addresssplaiiily.
-Address letters to ‘- - ‘ .

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO.,'In'c.
‘ 168 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C. I

. .
, [FRED KNIGHT. Pres. and Tress.
R. W; MARE. Vice-Pres. and Sec.

   V . ITEMS or ‘INTEREST.
A ‘ ‘ SEAPLANES LOCATE SEALS -
_More than 200,000 seals were killed this season.

‘)3, . The unusualisuccess of the season was due main-
‘: ~,_.ly to theusepof seaplanes inlocating the herds.

” , CHILDREN SPEAK 'INTUI'1‘IVELY,
  nChildren understand spoken language by intu-
‘ .,itjon, by a function of the subconscious mind, and
 not directly by reasoning power and memorizing,
j declares a British physician, Dr. J. W.‘ Tomb. I_)r.
' ' Tomb has had opportunities of observing English
I - ch_ild'en in India pick up three Indian vernacu-
 ,la1"s in: addition to the English language,\_while
 their parents struggle to master even one dialect.

'1

  

I ' "':"—'T' .
_ HALF-MILE AIR TUBE

To provide fresh air for mine headings, a ﬂexif
 ble tubing which has an efficient‘ air delivery
*1 range of one-half mile from the fan, has been
 ~ tested by the Bureau_ of Mines, says Scientiﬁc
 3 American, and is giving satisfaction in both

rt 'metal and coal mines. . » ~
 I " 'This tubing is made of a heavy fabric thorough-
 ly impregnated with fungus _and acid-resisting‘
 . . ..';com ounds. It is light in -weight-—one ‘man can
' ‘ifea ily carry‘ 200 feet; and it can be,qu,ickly
' installed-—one man in a timbered tunnel can put

i1p.ov.er _400 feet in twohours. :

 

  
   
 
  
      
     
    
   
  
    
   
 
 

g SOFTEST CLOTH KNOWN ,
 = Softer than the softest silk or, wool, with a‘p1ia-
bility greater than any known clo-th, is the new
material invented by a noted Paris garment de-
signer. It is made, saysIPopu1ar Science Monthly,
from, the ﬂuﬁiest ostrich feathers, which are,
plucked from the quills, treated by a special! ro-
(Sess. which only the inventor knows, and ten
,_woven into a cloth. The‘ ﬁnishediproduct is light-
.e1"'iIi;weight than the ﬁnest known and resembles
-thistledown, after which it is named . _. V _ .
'  ,A1th_oi;gh ,'t"s phenomenall _ light in weight,
it is very‘, durable, and is capable of effects in
'cbl%i;s and patterns that are diﬂicult to obtain,
,e_:_¢i_ew materialsvnopg in common use. *

 

' '  ‘AND t i¥io1>.rrUNE WEEKLY

. five it never speaks untilit has seen the receipted

‘Wit.
t ins: one day asked hiimwhat. c1ub»he- should[ta.kul"

f ford, ‘but.ye.’ll no’ }1it;it.v'_" ,.

1'

 

TALL MEN NEED. MORE, Foon V V
If two men are of the same weight, but one of U
them is short and’ fat and the other is very tall. 

‘and thin—which one needs the most food, they-“

most calories? Dr. Takahira of Japan ’l12l.7S"dlS-'_ ‘_- ‘
covered that the tall, thin man needs many more ~ E
of the heat-producing calories than‘ does the fat
one. It all depends on the total area—-—not w‘_éiglit _
—of a person’s body. The greater the area -the '
more calories are needed. _  -  1
Dr. Takahira has devised a formula for ﬁnding 
out what the area" of any one’s bodyis. » -With“ j.
the aid of some friendwho knows -algebra, rthé 
following formula can be applied, and it can be
found pretty near accurate among any I given‘ A,

group of men. .. «~
The area of the body is equal to W0.‘425xH0.s: I

725x42.46. I “W” here means body weight in;kilo- :,f

grams and “H” height ‘of the body irtceiitiiryters. -p —.

 

c

LAUGHS

‘“I don’t like this ﬁlm.” “Why?”, “Remind; ,
me too much of ~my boarding house.” /‘~‘How’s, 3 _
that?” (‘Ten -years are supposed to elapse bé- 
tween the ﬁrst and second reel,., and they don’ 
‘even turn the tableclot .” ‘ ' " .~ ‘ ‘ — ‘ '~ ‘

 

I

Bix—~Owens tells me he had a tough time ’dur- «— 
ing his vacation. Says he had to borrow money’- 
to get home on’. Dix——-He was in better luck than ;"
llfwas, for I was the man who had to ..loan ‘it to’ ’

im. ~ ' ‘ -

Teacher——Children, a planet is‘ something wo.“hi.;‘:
‘live on. Nameanother. Abie—My grandfadder, ,3
he 'vus a planet! Teacher——Youi- g'ra.ndfather‘.’W5’
Abie—Shure;*ve'1ived' on-him fer years! ‘ y, I ' ’ '

The &Newh/eRiches were seated in. their hand-,~¥ N
some d_rawing—rooin——-Mrs. IfIewly5R_ich at_'tha" ,.;;~.
grand piano, laboriously picking outtunes with 
one ﬁnger. _“Han_g it all, missus,’.’ sai Mr; ‘ 5,‘
Newly.-Rich impatiently, “if ~I~buy Wu a piano? 
that size I expect you to use both ﬁsts!” «» ‘ *“

Little Gi'rl——Yes, Mrs. Brown, this is my baby 
brother. that the angels brought from heaven."-K.
Mrs. lit-own--I-Iow nice of them! Little Girl—-Oh, V?
I don t know. I think they might have kept him‘ 
there till he was through teething. ‘ ; ., 

Bird Dealer'(to customer who has bought‘ I; V 
1931‘1‘0l? 011 ‘3}’edit)~Here’s your bill. Are you go-.1.‘ 
mg‘ to pay it or not? Customer—I’ve had thepar-, 1
rotone whole month and he’s never said‘ aaword. ‘ 
Bird Dealer—Well, you see, this polly is so"se_.ns'i- ‘

 
  
 
   
  
  
   
 

bill showing it has been paid __for.
.Walter‘Ha en, the notied M lfer, said at\ia:.v-Trlizi;
ner in New. ork: “I use to _know__ a_. caddia
named“ Crawford, famous for his biting *Spotc1_x
A dulfer for whom Crawford was caddy-~

 

fora ‘certain shot. “ ‘Take your iron,’ said Crawfs.
ford-‘e ‘,‘_‘‘!If I hit it with my iron,’ the vslufferlojn’-~‘
Jecte‘3»"115 Wi11%g0 too far.’ '“‘Aye,.’ said 

.,/

 

  
   

,~,

 

By PAUL BRADDON

, Ashriek. wild and full of horror, rang out upon
"the. stillness of the moonlit night.
‘ It was a woman’s voice.
It reached my ears.
I was the guest of Alexander Pryor at his
country residence on the Hudson.
, Although I was and am a detective, while he
i was a retired merchant, the friendship of boyhood
. ‘had remained during‘ the years of our manhood;
‘ and we were mutually attached to each other.
Rushing to the window, I looked out.
~“ . " _- A thrilling scene was before me.

‘ i There in the moonlight I saw Alexander Pryor
dying uponthe ground, his head supported by his
 niece, Mabel Stanford, while a few feet distant
'  Dudley Forrest, a young. man who was a
guest. at the house.

 

 

 

 -. Hastily ﬂinging on my clothing, I ran down-

  stairs and out of the house.
" ' . As I reached the side of Alexander Pryor, Ma-
bel Stanfordcried: ‘

“He is dead! He is dead! Oh, my poor uncle
,.» has. been murdered.” .
It was so. .
The shot that had killed Alexander Pryor must
.- have. been ﬁred but a moment or so before she

gave. the, alarm. ‘ l _
-— Why had I not heard that shot?

   
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
  

 

this awful tragedy,” I said.

 forward. -
r "--‘Go on, sir,” I said aloud.

. ingk up and down the walk discussing a private
matter, which was to me of the greatest impor-
-tance,_and sd interested were ‘we both that we
noted not the lapse of time. Mr. Pryor had just
given his consent to a proposition I had made him
‘when he uttered a cry, reeled, and fell dead, shot
 through the heart, as you see, by a concealed as-

bushes yonder, The weapon used by the assassin
— madexno report, and it must ‘have been an air-
 gunf Miss Mabel rushed from the house as the
doomed man fell. and I. ran toward the bushes,
but saw no one. Returning, I- stood" dazed and
, confused, looking upon the victim of this cruel
'  murder as you found me.”
 ' Thus Dudley Forrest explained.
 “Oh, ‘Dudley, Dudley!” cried Mabel in a fa-
‘ Jhiliar way that surprised me. .“We must tell Mr.
— Waters the whole truth. He IS a detective, and
— he may help tovcapture my uncle’s assassin.”
3 - WAS. you will, Mabel,” said Dudley Forrest.
’ . . -’ “Know, ‘then, Mr. Waters, that three ‘years ago
‘lljbecame engaged to Mr. Forrest, in opposition
tofmy‘uncle’s‘ wishes, for he hated the very name

 

 

   
   
  
   
 
 
 

although no one can truthfully sa.y—a wordagainst

o£~my~uncle, who has been both father and mother
 since ;mY
Mg. was agreed . _ _
Minna years, "If he-succeeded inobusiness. he

   

 Tragedy In the Moonlight V

. “Becalm, miss, and tell me all you‘ know of.

 “Let me speak, s‘ir,’,’ said Dudley Forrest, start-

.‘‘I wil1,»sir, I will. Mr. Pryor and I were walk-

sassin,»who"m I suspect was concealed ‘behind the,

idfmy aﬁianced, on account of an old familyfeud,
 I’ would not.-marry without the consent »,

Events died in .-my'*in.fa.riey. Sov
_ a.t‘Dudley should :s9a;away. and 

\

FAME AND” ‘FORTUNE -WEEKLY

was to return, make my uncle’s acquaintance,‘“and'  L‘
win his friendship. When they had become ﬁrm ,
friends the truth was to be revealed, and then, ’
knowing Dudley as-he really was, we were sure,
my uncle would no longer let his prejudice stand
in the way of our happiness, and that he would
consent to our union. To-night Dudley was to tell V
my uncle who he was,-for we were sure the time‘ .
for the revelation had ‘come.” said Mabel. ' 

“And I did tell him the truth. As we hoped, he‘ 
freely forgave our innocent deception, and con:
sented that Mabel should become my wife. It ’
was at that very moment that he did this that the V
fatal shot was ﬁred,” said young Forrest.

._“_And, oh, Mr. Waters, I have a terrible sus-
p_1c10I1. Qne Randolph Morton has been my per- 
sifstﬁntd lSl.1ll301‘ ﬁoli tvslro ylears. }I;Ie was very jealous * v
0 ‘u ey, an a so now e owed my uncle a
Eﬁnsideﬁible suin  molnlesgl I suspe(1:(t (that man is

e gui y one, iss a e remar e . I

By this time the servants of the establishment
appeared‘ upon the scene, and my murdered friend
was carried into the house, while Dudley Forrest 7'
and I set about to search for some trace of the ‘ Y
presence of an assassin. . . V. - M

In this we failed;

Next day the news of the murder appeared in ..
the papers, and before night, Dave Walker, one. ‘'
of Pinkerton’s men, was on hand to investigate v
the affair. I knew Dave was a good man, but an. . '
ambitious one, who liked to take’ all the credit. of  '
a success upon -himself, while- he was equally
ready to‘place all the blame of ‘failure on hisfasas
sociates. ~ ,  

I told Dave the story related by~Mabel and 
Young Forrest. ‘whose real name was Harrison’.

Dave expressed no opinion, but looked wise, and‘;
all day he prowled ab,out,the grounds. ‘_

Just at night he came to me with an expression"? 5?
of intense satisfaction on his.face. . .. »

55l"’1;*‘“’S“‘i’.’ i=-ris askssi.     I

o nowwoie ror. esai , ,’

“The deuce you do!” Iyexclaimed,  

“Yes, I do. And 1'11 tell you all about it. To-day :

I found in the grass, neai-.the rear wall of the. I ‘ii

  
 
 

‘ u

 

   
 
 

grounds, an air-gun with the name of James Ha;-— - ‘

rison, thereal name of Dudley Forrest, engraved ' ’ V’
on it, and also the stamp of the shop-where it.‘.
was sold in the town-below here. I saw the ’m£m ‘
who sold the gun, and he described the purchaser
so that I am quite sure‘ he was Harrison; but the; T
name of James Harrison was not on the gun when
it was sold. Now, I think. I understand the ‘case
in full. Harrison. when he revealed himselfto
his lady-love’s uncle, found Mr. Pryor enragedat
the_ deception practiced upon him, and, instead‘ of
giving his consentjto Harrison’s marriage to his .
niece, he refused to give his consent. Then it out
be presumed that hot words were exchanged; ii’ i ,
in the heat ‘and excitement, I_-Iarrisonsshot ‘Pryor
with the air-g'un. ' , V ’  
. “I have interviewed Miss'Mabel,7‘and she says“
she did not see her uncle fall, and only rushed .. ~
out when, upon looking from the window "at which
she had been watching; but from which she had»
turned away for‘ a moment. she saw" her unol '
lying on the ground. ‘ ; H I ' 
v“I‘ shall have to arrest
Walker in conclusion. ,' , I
 Walker. carried:__ont ‘his intention»,
Harrison 9.ndgtQok~him to prison.‘

  
  
   
  
    
    
   
  
 
  

‘Mr. iﬁarrisoii,’-’ H ,
.»a.n<i.'ai=.r' E

 

 V V

” FAME AND FORTUNE ‘WEEKLY

, Mabel was in despair, but my faith in her affi-
anced served to reassure her in some degree.
I then set to work, and Mr. Randolph Morton,
I whom Mabel suspected, became the object of my
surveillance. .
I followed him, and together with some of the
’ most expert detectives, male and female, strove
in every way to decide beyond question whether
i or not he was guilty; but time went rapidly by,

and we failed to in any way connect Morton with.

‘the. crime. .

‘ Harrison was placed on trial, and although the
evidence was purely circumstantial, the fact of
/the weapon with which Pryor was slain bearing

- his name, that he was alone with the murdered
man when he was shot. and that the man who
sold the air-gun thought that he w-as the pur-
chaser, though he cou d not positively swear to
him, coupled with the fact that Harrison had as-
sumed another name to win Pryor’s conﬁdence and

. friendship, and also that the victim had been‘
, opposed to the accused’s marriage with Mabel, all’

,. told terribly againsthim; andhe was convicted
 ofpmurder in the second degree, and sentenced
to imprisonment for life. .
In the. course of my investigations relating to‘
Randolph Morton, I had acquired the knowledge
pf thefact that he was secretly connected with a
gang of criminals in New York, who were en-

gaged in the counterfeiting business, and I had I

: "six months later the pleasure of locating their
. workshopin an underground den in the city of
» .'New York. ,

The week preceding this discovery, the public

 it’ ‘Was surprised to learn through the, medium of the -

daily papers that James Harrison, convicted of
the‘ murder of Alexander Pryor, had made his ,es-
cape from prison, leaving no clue by which he
i could be traced. »
, ‘ When I read this news, I remembered the vow
~. 5', he had made in/open court, and in my heart '1 sin-
‘ cerely hoped he would not be recaptured. .
-‘  »-Th day I located the den of .the gang I’-have
, mentioned I ventured there in disguise, represent-
 jag myself to be ‘a party whom I had that very
ﬂda myself secretly arrested. ‘ , . pp l V
' .  as received as one of the gang, andall went
<well until Randolph Morton entered the den, and
'._,t1Ie1'l my voice betrayed. me. p ,
‘Inan instant I was seized, bound, and placed
. .in_ a large sack and hurled through a concealed‘
j.:, opening in the ﬂoor that connected with the
" sewers. ’ _ " _ _ .
, The fall did not seriously injure me, and I man-
aged to get one hand free and _loosen the sack.
‘This done, I was soon out of it. ,
“The wallsof the sewer were irregular, and si-

 

  
   
  
  
  
    
     
  
    

rap.

« lwwassilent. ,» '

:Not a sound reached my ears. I

,- ead.‘ .  . , ,

= tymoved. -- A . ‘ I V

isoon I could look into the room above‘, and I

_ saw there was but one of the gang present, and

* he was a powerfully-built,fellow, with a bearded

gee and tangled hair, who stood on guard at the
’0,r.*' . I «   .

 

i"sfback was toward me.’  " - I '
__ SI1”ﬂitIY_I pulled the slide stfffurther open,
im<14crePt I115 lintothe roomabov -’ U  *  l

   

 
 

. grayed his name on. the air—gun, and that the en-

him to do the job; and ‘more, on the night -of ,

entry ‘climbing up, I listened-x at the concealed.»

 ushed upon the sliding door in the ﬂoor above i‘ ii

I SPEED BOAT SPEEDSRAT-esl'MiLEs

~ speed of-.68 statute miles» anhour. The Ra

‘ L IA‘-TEE} I21.-Fe d 22

 

  
 
 

If I could pass the solitary guardat the stijeet‘ 
door I couldescape. I  .
I meant to surprise and overpower him. 4’; '

-I had been disarmed by my captors before I was" "
hurled down into the sewer. ’ E .

Glancing about for some weapon,-my eyes fell, '
upon a knotted club standing in the corner. .

Stealthily, holding my very breath, and feari —‘
that the creaking of the floor might betray -rne,n%
crossed to the bludgeon and secured it. . 

The man on guard had not stirred.

He seemed like one lost in thought.

' I crept upon him. ’

,1 raised the heavy club, and was about to bring, 
it down on his head, when he turned like a flask ,
dodged*my blow, and seized me by the throat,
the same time he hissed: V ~ _

“How have I betrayed myself?” * »

Although the disguise I had worn when I ven- I
tured into the den had been torn off when I wait‘ I “
thrown into the sewer, my face had become coated
with mud, and my own mother would not hays
known me. . - ~:

The club dropped from my hand, and then i
desperate deadly struggle began. “

The iron grip‘ on my throat tightened, and I _
could not shake it off, but if’ I -.not ‘I wan’
doomed. ‘ ' ‘ , , fa

I made one last terrible effort, and broke away,
at the same time making a clutch at the throat-'
ofmy foe, who had instantly drawn a"knife. ,_ ,

At that thrilling moment the bushy heard of
my antagonist came off in my hand, and thevf "
of James Harrison, the escaped convict, was re- ..
vealed. . * ‘

But his knife was falling.

I leaped back as I exclaimed: 

“I am Waters. the detective!” . ”_

He knew my voice, and dropped the knife, and «
together we fled from the place. — i’: ,

Then he explained that’ after his escape he had
assumed his disguise and joined this gang, "
cause he found out Morton belonged to it.
further said that he had found the man who en'-

 
   
 
 
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
    
    
  
 
 
   
   
 
 

5?

graver in question would swear that Morton paid’

Pryor’s murder, an_old Vagabond who was asleep‘
under the wall, saw Morton leave the grounds at
about the time Pryor was shot.’ Further. still,-,
since he had become a_'member of the gang, he
had heard from the assassin’s lips a confession of
the crime made in a moment of drunken, confi-
dence. ’ »v ’ ’
Next day we arrested —-Morton.‘ ; _ , ff
The wretch was convicted. and Harrison was
abandoned‘ and saved from the consequences of
3/IcI)|ri;ons awful plot” to brand him as;a mun-
ee. V‘ ' ,, mj“.;_:—‘
' Of‘ course, Mabel soon became Harzison?s‘.ln-'id'e..
, , 3’

**—“ 

V _ . ‘HOU  _, V
’ Caleb’ Bragg’s new speed boat, Rascal, in
trial on Manhasset Bay recently"turned'_up
was entered in the Dodge Memorial Trophy 
which was.runf’du1*ing the Go1d=-Gnpjikega ‘

 

  

    

 

 BATI-IERS FEAR‘_.§_I_.wIl’lGATOR

‘' Bathers at Matawan Creek, Matawan, N. J.,
are alarmed by the report that a large size alli-
gator had been swimming in the waters.

‘ ASK GAS MASKS AS CESSPOOL FUMES
’ ' 'KILL_ THREE PERSONS,
’Demand for gas masks has been made by la-

borers forced to work -in. sewers, following the

f death of three persons by gas fumes in’ a, cess-

= poolat 65 Bell ,Ave., Bayside, Queens, N. Y.’ Two
others were overcome. ' ‘  . ' '

 The ‘dead are John Ferderowitch, stonemason,

. 27 Prince St.; Stephen Sepegere, 64 Prince Ct.,

. who -attempted to rescue them. ' .

‘V ’_Lowering themselves into the cesspool to re-

_ ‘hit masonry, Ferderowitch and Sepegere col-
gpsed‘ before they detected the presence -of gas.

to enter the hole, suf-

  

Nagle, ﬁrst of the ﬁremen
fered a like fate. '

APPLES CAPTURE f‘WILD” ELEPHANTS
—An aged Indian woman, with offerings of ap-
ples, captured three elephants» of five which es-
gcaped from a circus at Oranbrook, B. C., several
’ days ago and have been sought ever since.

r_ ‘After being loaded on freight cars, ‘however,
, one ofthe an_im_als_bol_ted and broke away. It
was,ro7aming the forest to-day together with the
twofotliers of the ﬁve still at liberty. _

‘ { Sigh "ng._the elephants, the India_n-womanap
Eroached and fed them apples.

 
    

_'/Bazyside, and Fireman Charles Nagle, Corona,

F'A'M]3l Aim FORTUNlE  V p , ~
CURRENT NEWS , . ,   

 

AT 66, CALIFOR'NIA’S"“SINGING MERMAID’-.’ j. I
HOPES-TO ourno E,DERLE’S- . ~ . >
CHANNEL SWIM ~

Gertrude Ederle, conqueror of the English
Channel, will have to look to her laurels. _ 
And the challenge’ is one of age to youth.

 

. Southern. California’s sixty-six-year"-old “s'ing—}_. 
ing mermaid,” Mrs. Anna Van Skike, completed a;_
ten-mile birthday swim recently and now is ready.;_
to out-do Miss Ederle’s feat. , - ' ‘

Asyshe stepped from thepwater, after singing:
9» stanza of_ the Star Spangled Banner at the 5 ;
half .way point. in her swim, Mrs.,Van Skike ex-  3*
pressed the belief that she could swim from ‘Long '
Beach to Catalina Island, a distance of twenty-

' three miles, in .the time Miss Ederle swam’ the 

\.

Other Indians .

rought inoreapples. ‘One of the elephants was’
hobbled while "it was being fed. The fettered ’

animal was brought ‘here
' voluntarilyfollowed.

CANNED MUSIC CANS THE PIANO
“The new young woman is beyond me,” said
the Westerner who had returned to New York

for a -visit to his boyhood home. '

while the two others

“I have a sister, Margaret, who was born with .
a. decided talent for music. When‘ she -was ﬁfteen.

the family felt sure that she was another Mme.

Rive-King. Our mother consulted with some

friendsand it 'was decided to send Margaret. to

a conservatory for study. Well, she went, and for”

seven years was taught by the best» instructors
of the city, _, . , ‘
' “Could she play the piano at the end of that
time? You should have heard her. /We were cer-
tain she had them all backed off the the musical
board. About that time I drifted west and re-
mained for twelve years. In thoseyears sister
‘M rgaret got married and went to housekeeping.
S 'e_had., grown quite matronly when I returned
‘Fa-"few, days ago.and went to visit her in the
Hei hts section of Brooklyn.
'house- was that there was no piano in thefront
‘room.,*‘I~1ow ,about_ your piano, Margaret?’ was
the ﬁrst thing I said. _ _ V
"“‘I,g‘ot.tired of the old thmglong, ago,’ she
d found

.“4

replied‘, ‘and-so we~got a radio outﬁt an
it-mire more agreeable.’ —

atura1lIy,I droppedithe subjectl’ ;,>~ 

\

I 7'—“%he first thing I noticed when I got into the’

   

birthday by swimming from Venice to Santa  ..
. '_w*

' tree.

that case he. cou-l¥0n’t go around a man in a,.bQx
‘go around hesq‘

Channel. ' _ , ,> , ,
“I believe the swim between Catalina and Long‘
Beach would be as diﬂicult as the,Channel. Cur-
rents and‘ the ‘dead pull’ would make the ,swim
a hard one and the water would be as cold,’-’ Mrs.
Van’ Skike declared. ,  jj ‘
“I believe‘ I could make as good a showing as
any_of the young ones,” sheiadded. “I feel ﬁner \
to-night, but believe that it will be -best toqwait .  ‘V
a few days before making any definite announce‘-I
ment.” , . ‘ 4.» ,  
Mrs." Van Skike is a former grand o era singer’
‘and her favorite pastime is to ﬂoat a out on the .
blue Paciﬁcrand sing melodies of past triumphs. ,
For the last six years she has celebrated her"

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

nica‘ Canyon and bac

,THE SQUIRREL AND THE HUNTER ' 
A hunter sees a squirrel in a tree and in’ trying;
to get a shot at it Walks completely around "e _
_ But the canny squirrel moves so that _ Ie'{'
tree 1S always between himself and the hunter-i—— in "
other words, the squirrel also goesaround the tre ‘
on the opposite side from the hunter.. No,w.di’d or '
did not the hunter go aroundthe squirrel?» 9’.
There has been more breath wasted on this
problem than one likes to think about. It ‘all age.
pends on: what you mean by ‘around.” Herexis the
opinion of Mr. H. E. Dudney, a noted Eng'sI1'-
Enatlhematician, which we ‘think should be\tal'('env'as"
na: -- — . ‘ '
The man . unequivocally, goes, around the
squirrel, using the words ‘in their ordina_.r_y»a;nd,"
correct meaning.- The Standard Dictionary‘ d‘eﬁ-C,
nition of “around’.’ is “about the place or .p'ositio
of; entirely encircle.”.Now no matter. what move
ments the squirrel may or may not have made, v
hunter entirely encircled, the tree on which the‘
squirrel was, and so encircled, or “went around’?
thesquirrel itself. Dudeny’s opponentin thg_,.a"
gument said that to go around meant ‘to see a «
sides. of an object. Dudeny replied that~'then~ ‘7
blind man .couldn’t_ go, around anything. Th
arguer reéylged that he meant thatrsif given sight.
man ‘coul V‘ "

9

 

see. all sides. Dudeny retorted ”th;at
3.
iubt about it; the» hunteirfdo

There is no";

   
    
 
  

  
 

,'/“X

 l A

FAME Al\lD_r FORTUNE 

= 31 A‘ ’

BRIEF‘ BUT POINTEI)

THE ELECTRIC , CLOCK

Pluglyour clock in on ithe same electric current
, that supplies the electric lights——and you have
- » a‘ time-piece that never needs to be wound, and
one that is bound to be accurate every second_-of
the day. Such is the “telechron,” a new invention
" by which the alternating current fromthe power
‘house can run the family clocl-:_. .
, The telechron contains a diminutive synchron-
ous motor containing a rotor the size of a ten-
" cent piece. This rotor ﬂoats in oil, and makes
Lexaetl 3,000 revolutions a minute when it is at-
tache to a 60-cycle alternating current. Through.
:3 suitable gearing this is reduced to one revolution
»:per hour for the minute hand,- to one revolution
2: da.y- for the‘ hour hand. The amount of ‘current
requilred to run the‘ motor is said to be very
sma . . —
_ }T e feature of the clock is its accuracy. It is
b und to be exactly on time, for the rotation of
‘tge hands. is governed by the alternating current‘,
which completes exactly 60 cycles a second. This,
in turn, is always carefully watched by the power
«house furnishing the current,‘ as the. alternating
current supplying the lights must be uniform.
'\The«power houses usually check up at least twice
a day on the oﬁicial time from Washington. _r
'. The clock‘ of course needs no winding, and 1S
V.-s_aid‘to require no regulating. 110 C18am11€o_3T1d_"
.no oiling. It is noiseless.’ If by chance the elec-
tric ower-becomes disconnected from the clock,
signal ﬂashes on in the face. i

   
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
      
 
 
 
    
   
 
   
  
  
   
  

,’H1N'rs ON THE‘ CARE, or’ CAR AND MOTOR

" 5 When -relinlng the brakes, form the band to the
rum after the new lining is riveted on.‘ ‘Then
install and it will be found that the brakes are
eaysilyy adjusted. ‘

 

The most common cause of body noises is the
.fgvindshield,_   ' . » ‘

 H _ Valve”Adjustment —  ..
“To eliminate valve‘ noise, do not set thefvalve
‘velearance closer than iS'—SDec-iﬁed by: the ‘fa;'Ct01‘Y«'
_T6o c1o‘s'e an adjustment‘ wilirburn the valve seats,
' (fail-5'9. 3 1035 of power and create noise.

 

  

 

 peipcent. of ignition‘ grief is causediby“

eglect. _

'  r Help -Keep the Highway _,C.lean»  —
., ",.Much needless damage to tires will be avoided '
' '16’ drivers of cars which ., are’ involved, in col-
 "causing falling glass from headlights will
ti'e$lSe themselves to‘ remove therglass from the '
igliw'ays before traﬁic spreads it "over the ‘road»._.

-.~Do“nb't attemptto adjust ed carburetor without‘

ezproper gap in thespark plug. '

."l?.elst I iiteslbdarefully  _ _
use ‘balloonftire re extrengxelv sensitive t9,
urealiﬁ ‘is ’a'dvisa le' to-_make.'Inore< than one,
 ~th‘e”ga.uge. .Tes_tsever’al times andwtake

 

' than 5 P. ‘M. on September 26, and no letter should

4 ’A;by October 15t‘e* - i
K’ 5‘Se1, Ct the grize winners are  Holland;

‘K’. /Leavitt,
v .   $tartﬁwith  'a,"little:_more air/' -W

than is needed. because in” testing some air is
allowed to escape.

 

The ‘clips holding the headlight 'iusesshould al-
ways have tensibn enough to hold the fuses ﬁrmly
and_make the proper contact.

OFFERS $500 FOR'A NAME

The most important contribution ever made to- » i '
wards the perfection and development of metallic
ammunition became known when the Remington
«Arms Company requested patent rights on a for- 
mula. for a priming mixture that eliminates rust, V
corrosion and barrel pitting.

Remington asserts that when cartridges con- . 
taining this new priming mixture ‘are used ex-
clusively, it is not necessary to clean the inside of
the riﬂe barrel. It makes an ordinary riﬂe barrel  I’
rust proof and stainless.‘ The use of cartridges

rimed with this mixture will prolong barrel life
‘indeﬁnitely. In the perfection of ’mctallic‘ am-
munition this is the ﬁnal word. ‘ "

As the above paragraph indicates. the new prim-
ing mixture does noturequire the use of aspecial
steel barrel—Tlie exclusive use of cartridges con-
taining this priming mixture makes the inside of _ ~
any rifle’ barrel rustless, stainless, and corrosion " ’
proof. , ' V ‘* . _

~The Remington laboratories have for several 
years been experimentingwith the new mixture: V
and in the course of experimental work millions of 1:
.22 calibre cartridges have been fired to perfect it. 
Barrelsthrough which thousands of .22 calibre car-a ~ .
tridges containing the new priming mixture we
ﬁred, show not the slightest signs of erosion, cor-‘
rosion, rusting or pittin .' Similar barrels in which ‘ .
several thousand cartri ges wercrﬁred with ordinc . —
ary ammunition of every manufacture were badly:  "

eroded, corroded, rusted and pitted.’ _ ;.
' Before putting the cartridges cgntaining the: v

.r..

~ anew priming mixture on ‘the market Remington .

"desires a name for the ammunition containing this i’ A
new miitture, and 'announces_t at it will give $500. ._ 
for the‘ five’ best names sub ‘ tted. For the best
name $250. will be awardedyfor the second best  ~—
name $100., for the. third best name $75., for the
fourth best "$50. and; for theﬁfth $25. ‘  ,
~_All namesmust be submitted to the Remington,‘  ‘
Arms Company, 25 Broadway, New York, not later .

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

contain more than 50 Words. If two or more perv '-_
‘sons submit the same prize winning names the ‘
prize tied for will be awarded to. all contestants-
-who tie. _All names submitted will becoinepthé
property of theﬂemington Arms Com‘p‘any.” .No _
enqployeejof this company is eligible to compete; r
Winners will be announced and the prizes hwardei

The »31Idg‘es' Who will go. over the.na.fmes  ‘

o

E1
ii

ante» *0 " ;'- 
p , .Secretaryf:§£~..tlie’’’*i31ssocyi;:tioh=*o£.. ‘
itionar-;A<1_;gertiser§:""c.      . » 
,  t ' !v;.,’ "

it».-z

.°f.i . ﬁeld
Advertising

     
  

  
  
 

../.—v

 

  Useful,‘ Instructive,«and Amusing. They contain
’ w v 2 Valuablelnformation on Almost
E’ f ’ Every Subject. A

/

No. 4%. THE BOYS OF_ NEW YORK STUMP
’ SPEAKI-3R.—Contaiiiing a varied assortment of stump
speeches, Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also cud men's jokes.
No. 44. HOW TO WRITE IN AN ALBUM.—A grand
collection of Album Verses suitnliIe..for_any time and
occasion; embracing Tiines of Love. Affection. Sentiment.
Humor, Respect, and Condolcnce;Falso Verses Suitable
for Valentines and ‘Weddings.

No. 52. HOW TO PLAY CARDS.-—A complete and
handy little book. giying the rules and full directions
for playing Euchre. Cribbage. Casino, Forty-live.
Bounce. Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch. All
Fours, and many other popular games of cards.

. No. 53. HOW TO WRITE I.‘l'2'l‘TERS.—A wonderful
little book. telling youhowto write to your sweetheart.
your father, mother. sister, brother. employer: nnd in
fag everyhmly and :in_vho(1.v.y0n wish to write to.

)0. 55. HOW TO COLLECT STAMPS AND C0lN'S.—-
Containliig valuable information regarding the collect-
in;: and nrrangiiig of stamps and coins. Handsomely
illustrated. ' ,

. No. 57. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAT. INSTRUINIW-NTS.

—Full directions how to make a Banjo. Violin. Zither.

Aeolian I-larn, Xylophone and other musical instruments;

together with a brief description of nearly every musi-

_ cal instrument used in ancient or modern times. Pro-

tusely illustrated.

No. 58. HOW’ TO BE A DE'I‘EC’l‘IVE.—B,v OM‘ King
Brady. the well-known detective. In which he lays
down some valu_ahle rules for beginners. and also re-
lates some adventures of well-known detectives.

No. 61. HOW TO BECOME A BOWLER.—A complete
mamiiil of howling. Contni-ning full instructions for

laying all the standard American and German games:
ogether with rules and systems in use by the principal

‘ bowling clubs. ~

No. 64. H0‘ 'I'[O MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHYNEQ

-—Containiniz full directions for making electrical ma-

_‘ chines, induction coils. ‘rlynamos. and many novel toys

/. V to he worked by electricity. By R. A..R. Bennett. Fully

v illustrated. V
r’ /’ No. 67., HOW TO DO ELEC'l’RlI"!A]'i _’l.‘RICKS.—-f'7on-

‘taining alaryze collection of insti_-iict_ive and highly

amusinsz electrical tricks; together with illustrations. By

A. Anderson.

' No. 69. HOW TO DO SLEIGHT-OF-WAND.—Contalm

inir over ﬁfty of tlir.>_lntest and best tricks used by mn-

icinns. Also containing the secret of second sight.

ully illustrated v

No. 72. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WlTI~I;l'lARDS._

--,--l<‘,mbriicing on of the latest and most deceptive card

, tricks. with illustrations. ‘

‘ ‘ ‘No. 73. HOW’ TO DO TRICKS WITH Nl'lMB‘F‘.'RS.-—-
 showing‘ many curious tricks with ﬁznros and the

. . niIU"l(‘ of numbers. By A. Anderson. l<‘ull_v illustrated.

/ x No. '14. HOVV TO VVRTTE IAmTTEF‘$ C0“ .G’.l‘T.Y.--

, , Coritnin‘,n}: full. instructions for VVTll'lll?. lettrs on al-

_ most ahy sub};-ct: also rnlcsrfor punctuation and com-

position. with specimen letters. l ~

.« ' No. 76. HOVV '|‘0 ‘TEIJ. FORTIYNEQ B‘? THE BAND.
‘ -—C’ontninin;: rules for telling fortunes _hv the hit! of

lilies o‘f the ljnnd. or the secret. of nalmistry. ‘Also the

' secret of telling: future events by aid of mole. marks.
scars. etc. Illustrated.

No. 77. now T0 no‘ ii-owrv TRICKS wvrrt
CARDS.—(‘,ontaini'nz deceptive (‘nrd Tricks as perform-
ed by leading coiijiirers nnd magicians. _

No. 79. HOVV 'l‘0 BEHOME AN AC'l‘0'R.—Contmr_Iin£!
complete instructions how ,to make up for various

‘I characters on the stage‘ together wlikth the duties of the

u Isdtage Manager, Promp er.-Scenic rtist and Property

‘ a . V - ‘

" i Npovso. GUS WILLIAMS’ J0‘K'l|l BOOK.-Containing

’ .‘ the latest jokes. anecdotes and funny stories of this

’ [world-renowned am-man comedian.

“ V mi?‘ annroved l'|'éPﬂ’l0;lS"0f iieadifriu: tlifeﬂliies on ‘the

,v 3-. ' ‘ ether Wi h a u exn min on‘o . e r mean rig.

* Mn“ mg <1 ‘HIP. key for telling

QB: Leo I-Iu_ga

 

; ' All-lo exnlainiiiz nhrenolozy, on
;, ehuragfnr in; tho hiivnns on the head.
‘ .KQch, A.C.S. Fully illustrated.

   
        
 
 

‘, For sale by all newadealers, or will be sent’ to on!" .
‘ ‘ address on -receipt of price. loc. per copy.
" y. '2 Inlmoneuy or stamps. by
_TElAR;RY_ E... WOLFF. Publisher: Inc.
16s,‘West~_ 23:1 street»); 

/

‘Kr’

 

32. now no no rAr.Mis-i~mr.—-con ainingathev

 ouiz TEN-CENT HAND isooxs A Fame .....i i=...;t......w....igiiy  

. 1048 A Grip On the Market: or. A Hot Time In Wall’

[1056

A 1063,

1087 .Tack’%VFrl>§tune;' or. Thee Strangest Legacy in ;_
. I. . . . .

,,/,New York citi;

 

 

  

. .

-— LATEST ISSUES 
1047 A Golden Stake; or, The Treasure of the Indies.  ‘

 

Street. , _
1049 Watching His Chance: or. From Ferry Boy to Cap-

'a1n. , .
1050 A Gvggie for Gold; or. The Young King of Wall"
x T99 .
1051 A Wizard for Luck: or‘Getting Ahead in the World.
1052 A Folgtune at Stake: or, A Wall Street Messenger?
ea -

1053 His Last Nickel: or. What It Did i'or'Jack Rarid._ ~

1054- Nut Noble. the Little Broker; or, The Boy Who-

Strlrted a Wall Street Panic. * t i

1055 A Striicgle for Fame: or. The Gamest Boy in ﬂu’ ’
r ' »

W0 (1. ,
The Young Money Mzienate: or. The Wall Street
Boy who Broke the Market. «
A Liicky Contract; or, The Boy Who Made a Raft ‘

   
    
    
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  

1057
of Money. .
1058 A Biz Risk: or. The Game That Won. ' .
1059 On Pirate's Isle: or. The Treasure of the.8Jein’i-3

Craters.
A Willi _Sti-eet Mystery: or. The-Boy Who Beat
the Syndicate. _ , — "
Dick l-Iadley’s Mine: or, The Boy Gold Digger: of.

1060
1061

Mexico. 0 . .

1062 A Boy Stock Broker; or. From Errand Boy ‘to.
Millionaire. ‘ - ’ .v ..
Facing the World: or. A Poor» Boy's Fight 1'ot_

Fortune. .« ,
A Tip Worth a Million; or. How a Boy Worked
It In Wall Street. , N
Billyi t1he fabin Boy: or. The Treasure of Skel
S V .

an . . - ».
Just His Luck: or. Climbing the Ladder of ramé
and Fortune. .
Out With His Own Circus; or. The Success of.I
Young Barnum.  , - -
Playing For Money: or, The Boy Trader of Wall-
Street. ' /
The Boy Copper Miner: or. Ted (Brown's Rlsev.

Riches. I i v
Tips ‘Off tgie Tape; or. The Boy Who startled Wall

1 rec . , . . .
Striking It ‘Rich: or. From 0ﬂice‘Boy To Meet
chant Prince ' -  ‘
Luck,v.in Wall Street; or. The Boy Who Trimm
the Brokers. A _ ‘
In a Class by Himself: or, The Plucl-:y Boy .Who
Got to the Top. '  —,
Bullinié the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Work
a orner. 
After the Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of the

Jung . I _
Little Jay Perkins, the Broker; or. Shearing: tho
Wall Street “Lambs.” . l v
The §oung Coal Baron: or, Five Years W~ith‘,Thlr
iners. ‘ ' ~ 1

1064
1065
1066
1067
1068
1069
1070
1071
1072
1073
107 4
1075
1076
1077

1078 Coining Money: or. The Boy Plunger’ =or!.«.w;a
s 1'99 . - - V‘ ’ .
1079 Among the Tusk Flunters: or. The Boy Who Found!’

~ :1 Diamond Mine. . . _-

1080 A Game Boy; or. From the Slums to Wall Street.
1081 A Wait’: Legacy; or. How It_ Made a Poor .1301;
. ic . . I V , 3 .‘ . ~ i
1082 Fighting the Money Kings: or. The Little Spec‘
lzitor of ‘Wall Street. M :='.'‘,
Salesman'W

1083 A Boy With Grit: or. The Young
Made His Mark. ' . _
1084 Ted. the Broker's Son; ‘or. Starting Out For H
S _ _ , ' . ,
1085 Dick D'arrell’s Nerve: or. ‘From Engine-House
Manager's Otﬁce.

1086 Under A Star: or, The Boy Who Made
Million in all Stre ' ~

0 .
1088 Taki Chances; 01C Playing For’Big Stake .» ’
1089 Lostnlgm the Tropics: or. The Treasure of 

Key. » . . , x
1090 Ten Silent Brokers; or; The Boy Who Broke
. Wall Street S.vndicate., ' , "
1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Nam
» Himself 1
1092 Fox & Do. '.
of We
1093 The Little Wizard‘;
Inveptor.

For sale by all’. newsdénl

,5:  lie sonttom
mono":

1 .

ppostato stamps. . . y t _ _ W
V WESTBURLY PUBLISHING icq I-iii‘
ms .Webt jean street-. A A  ' ‘ ' ' A

»

address on receipi;.;ot,.,pyrice,. per -90979411

   

