\ ‘ ,

ﬁzz

ick was helpless

\rRo=:¥[§{;s«HI1%7(/ »
‘PUB/when mhthehhadnds of thte| s%ve.rr<)3l mg?‘

for mm

     
  

   

in [I @[KiN@§AWRTFE s
  W E :*’,lr"\§ [EV 

- baud Wally. By nbxmhlabu $2.50 pcryear. Entered as Second-class Matter of Me IV. Y. R»! Oﬁce, by STREET & SIITH, 79-89 Sowntk .4:-:.. N. Y,
Entered according to Act of Cooper: in the year 1909. in the Oﬁceof Ike Lclrrarian of avmg-m-3. Wasldngtan, D. C.

   
  
     
        
        

: No. 640. NEW YORK, April 3, 1909. ' Price Fm ceoti,

 

  

on,

NICK CARTER’S CLUE TO A VAST CONSPIR/ACY.l

Edited by ’CHICKER]NG CARTER.

I

  

v

CHAPTER I. scrted; and it was upon this part of the scene 
Patsy’s glance presently became riveted with an ex
pression of unmistakable interest.

Nick Cartei"s second assistant, Patsy Garvan, was "That's the third Chap 1 haV€ 543611 <10 that."
“Seated in the tonneau of the detective’s automobile, muttered to himself; and without changing his ‘
 had been drawn up at the curb near that entrance tilde, OI‘ 0th€!'\'ViS€ denoting tl13t‘h¢.h3d 0bS€fVt_%d:' _
a ‘Central Park which is located at Eighth Avenue and thing to attract his a_ttention._he still devoted It nib 
fifty-ﬁinth st;-get, concisely to that particular point. , *
g Dannyrwas-in the chauffeurs place, under the wheel, F_|V¢ mmutﬁ-'5 more P°5_5°d» and ‘hm Pats)’ §l0\¥l)“§
‘ spagsy was kaning my back in his comfortable straightened himself, bending forward to observe 
-v  ’, ‘srnolcing a cigar, and otherwise given up to a Cl°S€l)’- the 3Ct10T15 Of. 3 ma“ W110 had °"°55°d ti“? ,81ﬁ'9~,

‘ eetlve mood. The engine of the automobile was rounding roadway to the statue. and who approached;
3 it {and the aspect of the car .was that of awaiting the iron railing which surrounded it. with the air of

I rrival ofsome expected person. ‘ one who had a well-deﬁned purpose in View  *
-Patsy was indulging in day-dreams while he smoked. » Patsy had guessed from the manner of ti! V 

 _e,tl1!'Ol1gh” half-closed. lids -across Columbus as he crossed from the direction of the Circle hen
toward ‘the semicircular row of buildings op- toward the statue, that he was to be the fourth ofntigé
It was the‘ sort of sweeping glance which persons whose conduct had attracted the young
 deﬁnitely. but Which t°0l< in all that tective’s attention; and in this he was not mistaken '
, ‘ ,'g‘on within his range of vision. I The man walked‘ deliberately to‘ the fence‘;
 conscious of the passage up and down of tamed to lean against it for a moment whilejhe;
Avenue carskithc, many automobiles bound ,seai-chi ly around him in every direction, a‘s‘.if‘tn_jf

 

FIVE MYSTERIOIlS MEN.

   
  
   
   
   

  
 
   
    
     

  
     
   
 
 
  
   
 
  

   

4

   
  
   
   
  

I on, aiidjo£l.‘the.;throng of people who ..cov¢;-‘i V any one were observing him; after»
 l intermittently; sometimes‘ in crowds, _ apparently satisﬁed that he was unobserved he}
a the f0ifl}1\0f straggling individuals. quickly and made several chalk-marks .u_ A

P¢Vl?°ﬂ‘} A  ‘ , railing. e ' A ‘ ‘ '
 form arouifid the fence, _Patsy,,co’uld. got. froni thatdistance,
olugabu was partly actl what thoscochaikeniarkswere. ’

    
  

   
    

  

 I:

'.made some ﬁgures on the fence; and the young de-
‘tective leaned farther forward, in eagerness, to watch
' the subsequent proceedings;

The stranger, having made the marks, turned about
' and stood for a. moment with his back toward them,
vtcluring an interval in which one might have counted
twenty slowly, and then with the same deliberation
-that had marked his previous movements, he wheeled
?about once more, and as carefully obliterated every

mark he had made. - C

. That done, he walked away. crossing the Circle, and
presently disappearing down Eighth Avenue.

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
  
     
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  

against the cushions of the car, and he carefully re-'
lfglated his cigar, which- had gone out. i

V. . ~,.’§That makes four,” he said to himself. “It’s odd,
' too, _ I wonder what it c'an all be about? It looks ‘to
. the very much like some sort of concerted action, and
{as if the chalk-marks against the iron railing were
"signals, which one has to make and then oblit-

 gant he discovered a ﬁfth man, the character of
’  approach suggested that his errand was the

rneas the others had been; and again the young

1* defeétive was not mistaken. A ,_

The ﬁfth individual conductedhimself differently

_f in what any of the others had done." _

_ Unlike his predecessors, he, came from the park en-

ance. A He was _a tall, compactly built man, with the

 all thatphe had to do; and now he crossed
which separated him from the statue_ with a

' incl who had no thought ‘whatever but in its
tion. ‘ r

   
 

‘dc their=marks,. this an made his,‘ but. there
dlﬁerenee in‘ them ‘uh’, h instantly added to the
 already felt in the proceedings. 

'  nnade his chalk-marks in red; and what-
 y were, ﬁgures, hieroglyphics, or otherwise,

instantly erased them. -making. only one at a time.

» ‘ ' it out before he madeanother, » ..
mnhnmd this sort-of employment for several
eduringwhich the young detective. counted

  

 ‘has he .ha__cl approached the spot, he turned
  himself in "the ‘crowds, as the others
lleiete

   

nil  gafterjthe ,disap'p_earance of
Emadeijtlie red marks, .;the young deg-
  
. .*§:r.¢1¥1j1..fli¢?<=i,=,1r.eas,,r<i

-3follovVfhinL , i  ,
rcaedn ‘ " be.

d ,.

T in! air, like one who was bent upon’ a stated"

dsltmcl: performances of the kind; and then, as’

" T "'Patsy‘.resumed his former position of leaning back '

_d ‘attitude of one‘ who was determined and ,

He walkeehdehberately to the iron railing, as the

an “  ' ,d with‘such;purps e£u1‘,de:,
 Patsytould not feel otherwise than ’

‘not. thought ‘quickly. ,

‘used white chalk. and the ﬁfth one red, arid’ ‘
,mannet‘-ﬁat the others had u3ed.S’¥i:theldf £=

‘NEW NICK .(_IAI‘2tTER WEEKLY.

what excuse could Patrick Garvan suggest to himself,
for following a man simply becausethe had made a
few indistinguishable chalk-marks against the iron
railing which surrounds the white pillar at Columbus
Circle?

The mere fact that he was the ﬁfth man who had
done the same thing might or might not be signiﬁcant.

Whereone is trained in a certain walk of life, as
Patsy had been trained from his childhood by Nick
Carter, it becomes an instinctive quality on his part
to question all things pertaining to the mysterious. It

‘was just as natural for Patsy to regard with interest

the proceedings he had observed, as it is for a hunting-. ‘ .
dog to come to an instant stop, raise one foot, and "
remain motionless when it strikes the scent of game.

These men, who had appeared so strangely and who
had made chalk-marks on the fence with sueh simiﬁ-
tude of demeanor, were very evidently following out a
line of conduct which had been carefullyplanned be-
forehand. This much, Patsy believed, was certain;
but why it should be. so, and what sort of signﬁcance
might be attached to the proceedings, was as much a
mystery to him, at that moment. as it is to you who
read this description, at this one.

But Patsy had permitted this last man to go “out of
his sight and had not ‘thought of following him to
observe him more closely, until it was too late to do .
so. However, the young’ detect,ive’s curiosity was 
thoroughly aroused now; and if a sixth rnan.should~ ’
appear, he decided that he would begin some sort. of - _
investigation, if for no other reason than to satisiy ,
and answer that interrogation~point which had arisen 
in his mind. , J  T ' V

The sixth man, however, did‘ not appear‘, and "after
ten minutes more of waiting, Patsy suddenly‘ had an
idea. ' " '  . ..

“Danny.” he said, leaning forward and addressing 
the chauffeur, “how long did the chief tell you to wait 4 ;
here for him?” ‘ " 55 "1

“He told me to wait until he came,” was the reply. 

“We have already been here an hour, Danny," and 
I am going to take a walk around the Circle. If the ~ 3
chief should come while I amgone, you need not;walt. . ”
to pick me up, unless I am somewhere in=sight.« He x
didn’t expect me here, anyhow, and there is‘ something
elselwish to do.” ‘ - ‘Q ‘ o  ‘ ,

Without waiting for further comment on the part of ~ 5
the chauffeur, Patsy leaped from the cnr'~a.nd~'cr;oss'et§
the Circle rapidly toward ;a‘ little store, where he‘ ‘i 7?
chased some pieces of chalk. one in whii:_e."0ner'i L T
and’ a third one in blue ;_ he was dete_’m1in'ed=Z 
an experiment out of which-' hejhopéd "he  at
least derive-some‘amuse,n1ent:7 ‘  ,2 
Of the ﬁve men with "had appeared and 

mar1;s'?on the iron‘ railing . around the statueﬂf

     
    
      
        
          
        
  
 

   
  
   
 
 
     
 
 
   

  
    

presently. Patsy approabhed the in niuch thf

    
  

    
   

 .eoﬁceaI;gi. tliepalrn of géis  pi

  

 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

well-known ﬁgures 4-1 1-44 with the white chalk
- against the iron railing.

He permitted these ﬁgures to remain there while
he turned about and gazed for a moment in several
directions, as the others-had done, and then, having
obliterated them, he started away in the direction of
Eighth Avenue, like his predecessors of the chalk-
marks. _

’ Passing away from the statue down that thorough-

fare, he had arrived at the corner of Fifty-eighth’

Street, and was about to turn around to retrace his
steps, when a person stepped from a doorway and

.‘5\.

 - addressed him.

~. ’ He was a man fashionably attired, swarthy of vis-
1 age, and somewhat suggesting a foreigner. He paused
, directly in front of Patsy, so that the latter had to
stop, and said: '
“This is a ﬁne day, sir. I was requested to hand
you this envelope in the hope that you might proﬁt
by its contents.” \
» . As he spoke he extended an envelope toward Patsy.
.It had not beentsealed, and the ﬂap of it was widely
open; and without waiting for Patsy to make any
reply, the man turned on his heel and walked rapidly
through Fifty-eighth Street.
The first impulse of the young detective was to
follow; his second, and a better one probably, was
A to shrug his shoulders, and‘ then, with the envelope
" ‘ in his hand, he stepped inside a cigar stofe, where,
having made a purchase, he drew out the contents
of the envelope which had been given to him so
strangely. , '-
1 It contained a slip of paper, upon which was writ-
 V» ten these words:’

 

.“Northeast comer Twenty-sixth Street and Madi-
_ ,, Avenue, three-thirty p. m. Approach from the
thwest.”

    
  
  
    
   
   
  

; That was all. There was no superscription, and no
,, signature. The writing was simple and plain, al-
  there was a touch of the foreign about its
eliaracter, as if the.person who did it had not been
‘educated in American schools.

',';,It was not yet eleven o‘clock in the f renoon, and,
 therefore, if Patsy were to keep the appointment sug-
gested by the contents of the envelope he had received,
 was ample time to do so, and he retraced /his
 slowly toward the L. Circle, wondering :what all
is mystery; could suggest, and what it might mean.
e crossed straight to the iron railing, again re-
lved to, stand there for a time, and that if another
I lldrappear who made chalk-marks on the fence, to
ow, and dlSCOV€!\lf that person also was ‘made the
pient. of a mysterious envelope.
one  however, and presently, smiling to him-
he ‘did so, ‘Patsy wheeled-«about, and with the
in his hand, wrote his own initials, “P. G.,”
' ‘ n.f¢!nce.;.«  ‘ _
ith “ sever;/1,1 tin;es,t obliterating them as

  

   

  
 

3

rapidly as he made them, and counting the time as he
had counted them when he saw the ﬁfth man of those
who had interested him make the marks in"red.

So he wrote “P. G.” and rubbed it out'again, seven
times in succession, and then once more started away,
this time passing rapidly down Eighth Avenue.

When he arrived near the place where he had been
accosted by the mysterious stranger, he glanced around
him, expecting to observe that person again, but this
time he was nowhere to be seen, and Patsy had about
made up his mind that the thing wasn’t working out
as it should have done, and he had passed onward to
the other side of Fifty—eighth Street, when he was
accosted by a person he had not seen before, but who
confronted him in the same manner that the dark man
had done.

“P. G. ?” , ,.

It was all he said, but it was a question, and Patsy .
nodded and smiled, and replied:

“Yes.” ‘\

“Follow me,” said the stranger, and wheeled and
walked rapidly away, down the avenue. to the corner
of Fifty-seventh Street, where, as abruptly as had been
his other motions, he turned squarely about and again'
confronted Patsy. j

“How many?” he asked, using no preface tp his, /A
question, but asking it with an abruptness which as-
sumed that thereiwould be as ready an answer.

“A dozen,” replied Patsy, at random, not knowing
what the answer should be, and, truth to tell, not car-
ing; for he hadfstarted the experiment with no thought
that ‘it would lead to anything other than amusement.

But the man seemed satisﬁed with the answer that
Patsy made, and although he expressed no surprise,
there was something rather pleased and cordial in his
demeanor as he thrust one hand into a pocket and
produced an envelope, this time sealed, but which held
no address upon it. ' . ._

With a rapid gesture he placed it in Patsy’s extended
hand, for already the young detective had reached out
to claim it, and then, with theexclamation, ,“I shall
expect you,” he turned and hurried away, as the other
man had done._ _ g _

Patsy remained in the middle of the sidewalk,  
astonished, and very much inclined to laugh, still hold- 3' 
ing the envelope in his hand, with the seal unbroken; 

“Upon my word,” he muttered, “this thing really . g;
begins to look like a mystery of some sprt.”  _—

He ran his ﬁnger underneath the flap of the en-,’ 3‘
velope and was about to tear it open, when he was, ,7‘?
startled by having a hand suddenly thrust forward s
over his shoulder, and that hand seized upon the en. 
velope and tore it from his grasp.  ‘ “

Patsy wheeled about, surprised and somewhat an-‘
gered by the character and method of the interruption”,
and found himself face to face with the dark-visaged,
gentlemanly appearing person who had given him 
first envelope. . V r 

V...-7.:

1 -‘I/.v
“.1 .

 
        
  

  
      
       
     
  

     

        
  

  

  

CHAPTER 11.
THE BLUE CRAYON.

I Patsy, always quick to act in an emergency, lost no
;;' time in retaliating upon this stranger who had taken
 -’ such a summary means of obtaining possession of the

.— envelope.

The dark man had not yet had time to dispose of it
. in one of his pockets before Patsy had seized the wrist

‘of the hand that held it, and so repossessed himself

f." of the envelope and its contents. ' I
.'._“’> It was rather a remarkable circumstance that hap-
‘{ ;, rpened in connection with this action on Patsy’s part,
 and it impressed the young detective deeply when he
’ thought upon it a few moments afterward, as he pres-
ently had opportunity to do.
. It has been said that he seized the wrist of the hand
1 that held the envelope, after it was snatched from him,
and so ‘repossessed himself of it almost instantly. In
order to.do so it was necessary that he should use his
other hand, while still holding fast to the dark man’s
. mist ’ .

VF-atsy’s left hand, when he turned to face the man
31110 had snatched the envelope, had been loosely in
ﬂatside pocket of his coat, and he had been playing
I gwith the three pieces of chalk contained in that
"ct-.;' he had received the sealed envelope from the
other man in his right hand, and as has been described,_
as almost instantly snatched‘away from him.
Then, as he wheeled and grasped the man who had
,_O3ched from behind, he withdrew his left hand
_ H5 pocket in order to seize the envelope again,
 —‘ .. _i;.doing so, drew out with it one of the three

ces of ‘chalk.

  

 

  
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  

ta

,.o;'¢he‘~had made the motion so quickly that he was
f 7fc;o__nscious of the fact that he held the blue square
_;=" ‘k palmed in his left hand: ‘but as he reached
 seized the envelope, the blue chalk fell to the
sweat, between the two men. '

‘fetglarlcable circumstance referred to in a fore-
- -< ,'ph existed in the conduct and demeanor
arkavstranger the instant he espied the blue,

‘I ._that instant, his attitude had been one of
laelligerenegx, and it is notto be doubted that
 intervention of the cube-of blue chalk, there
  a street ﬁght then and lthere; for
g  was up, as well as they stranger's. .

thnlnppenrance of the chalk; changedall this,‘
soft  hidden reason whichAPatsy ‘could not
 which hedid at the lmomentfpausehto

  

‘fell:    between them. the
' ’ P‘ dwitehr  any °f:.c°n-
_ , .‘and; to APat'sy’,:3 utter; Eur»-

 
  
   

.;

. It "was an unintentional act on the part of Patsy,‘

‘had been dropped, and spent a few moments in

"the crumbled pieces of it. - ,_ .. .'
V _ ~. ."~Patsy was still r.egarding‘»th'ese_j: intaritly,
‘ot:mi1‘itary>j‘ i ' 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Quick to take advantage,of a circumstance, Patsy
returned the salute, but he did it after a manner which
spoke plainly of the ‘condescension he felt in doing so.

“I beg your pardon, sir,” the stranger said, in a low
tone, and in a voice that was extremely pleasant and,
melodious. “I did not know; I did not understand.”

Patsy, wise in his generation, was silent for a mo-
ment before he replied; and then he said: '

“An apology is. not necessary since you did not
understand. Later, perhaps, you will know more.”

The dark man saluted again, wheeled about, and
walked away rapidly, leaving Patsy even more mysti-
ﬁed -than before.

He had hoped for an opportunity to draw the man
out, and to get from him some expressions which
would afford a clue of some kind to the strange pro-
ceedings of the morning; but none such were vouch-
safed him.

Indeed, the men of the chalk seemed to be a strange-
ly silent crew, who transacted all ‘their business
through the medium of colored marks on an iron
fence, and by inexplicable sentences contained in en-
velopes. ‘ ' '

_For a time after the stranger withdrew, Patsy re-
mained where he was, wondering if there would be _
any further interruptions; and then he bethought him'- _,'
self of the envelope he held, with the seal still un-p 
broken. ’ I

His recent experience suggested that it was unwise ’
to open it until he had withdrawn to some place of A -
seclusion, so he stepped inside a convenient hallway, ’
and presently held in his hand a small square of paper
thathad been folded once, and upon which was writ.-
ten the words: .

“Beneath the arch at Washington /‘Square at eight.-, 
thirty to-night.” * V

“Gee!” said Patsy», smiling. “'It begins to loolvas 1 ~,,.
if I was going to have my hands full of engagements, ’.;:-{‘‘3
if I follow out this chalk business. I wonder.~what»..’7,
it’s all about, anyhow? The fellows who made 
white marks are to show up at the corner of Madisdh " “
Avenue and Twenty-sixth Street‘ at three-thirty,‘ and i»

  
 
  
 
   

-the one chap who made the red chalk-mark is, invited, ' 

to be at the Washington Arch at eight-thirty; an
then, as if to make the circumstances still moreé:tIz-
zling, the Ghesterﬁeldian chap with the snappy‘ 2
eyes almost faints away when he discovers a pieéej, __ ,_
blue chalk in my possession; and that reminds 

I forgot to recover it.” _ , . ‘ '  p‘ __
; He hurried back to the ‘spot where the_blue»f 

  
       
        
     
       
     
   
   
   

ing for it; but ithad disappeared,and  trace
was left, save konlya smudge of blueupon the»
where persons in passing hadtrodden upon ~ 1‘ V

 
  

4

 

   
  
  

hem p§‘rjticu1ar¥y,:wfh,enh¢ f

    

 " . but closely veiled——and yet not so closely but that he
 could see the sparkle of her eyes through the meshes.
" “Are you interested in the blue marks on the pave-
ment, seﬁor P” she asked, with just a trace of foreign
_ ,  accent in her voice; and as she spoke she pointed
I  downward, toward the smudge of blue that ‘was now
 " "between them. 4
“I think,” said Patsy, speaking slowly,,so that he
- could choose his words; “I think that I was wondering
, M 7: why they were there. Possibly, madam, you can tell
2,‘ , ,.me, since you have inquired about them.”
" * " “You do not know?" she asked, and there was re-
straint in her voice, as if she were in doubt whether
—;_he spoke the truth or not, in making his declaration.
_‘ “I know so little, seﬁora,” he replied, purposely
{adopting her own form of expression.
,_to know more, however.”
4 _ . For a moment after hearing this reply, the woman
igazed intently upon Patsy through the meshes of her
veil, as if she were undecided how to accept his dec-
laration, and uncertain how to proceed, herself.
"I-Patsy, being equally at fault, and knowing no more
t the circumstances associated with the play. he
‘s‘makirig than those wlio read this know, contented
lnmself by remaining silent, and thus placing the bur-

,.-r

Hen of conversation upon the woman.

He regarded her intently, while he was trying to
yqioutpin that short interval, ‘what sort of,pe‘rson
rhiglit be; and he arrived at the quick decision
, I,  was“at least a lady of education and reﬁne-
 and probably of environment, as well. He
‘ also, that she was young. The contour of her
, _ her poise, and the character of her dress, be-
‘ ed. that much; and it was a natural conclusion
ghefwas also more or less pornely and attraétive.
. _ ,,cir'attract attention by standing here, seﬁor,” she
H him,‘ resently, and in a tone so low that others,
  it ‘not hear. “Will you walk a little way

 

      
  
   
  
   
    
    
  
 
 

“I hope soon

  
  

   
  

,_  for a reply, she turned down the
' I and atsyostepped along beside her, wonder-
new adventure was to. be brought about

_, , walked nearly a; block in this manner, and

'  .W..h¢'n’she asked him‘ abruptly: \
“ . on attend themeeting to-night P" .' ' , _
'expe‘c't to, seﬁora--,-Oiti shall:I* say scho-
plied, purposely. following her qhestiow by

I

  

' .,»rh1it.she let  gueiypass unl'1eeded,, and
 on’e‘hersel.£.§. .‘ — '. ‘ i  I .
V"  is"tlie“meeting arranged ?""_was her

meat to  at  intentlf

  

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

,.,int¢p1-¢;«_;t»’h§-, ’_had“ already fnanifested ‘ in the

fthinl<ing“_by»tl1at,me‘ans to. draw her out ‘

is  "":jei‘gn:':chirty.?" he replied ..
'4 of at

 

5

amusement,’ or because of some other impulse, he
could not determine.

Again they walked along in silence, and so arrived '
at the next corner, where the Awoman stopped and
turned, facing him. .

“You are not what you seem, nor the man whom
I took you to be,” she said, with decision in her tone. .
“I can see that quite plainly, now. You are not what
you seem to be, sir. I doubt if you have much more
information at your disposal than ”

She paused in her speech, and when, after a con- I
siderable pause, she did not offer to continue, Patsy
asked:

“Than whom ?” .

“Than that of the white chalk,” she replied enig-
matically; and this time there was no doubt that she
laughed. “I perceive that you are not very wise, sir.
You are not as well-informed as I supposed you to
be. I do not know who you are, or what you are, bu ,
possibly you may hear from me again.” .: ,

She turned about, and would have left the youn
detective had he not reached forth a detaining hand.

“Please wait,” he said. 

For an instant she paused and faced him, drawing '
herself up haughtily as she did so; and then, without
a word of reply, but with a gesture which said as .
plainly as words could have done that he should not . J
dare to attempt to question her further, she walked‘;
rapidly away, leaving the young detective againalone. :

It was Patsy’s impulse to follow her, and doubtless’
he would have done so but for the reluctance he felt to: . i
follow any woman along the streets of New York,
unless it were plainly his duty to do so; and he did ‘M
not consider that he had as yet any duty to perform
in this particular case. ' A  -

He had stumbled upon some _i
whatiit involved, or why it existed at all, he had’ a
lutely no means of determining. , . ,

Thus far in the proceedings he had come in conta_ct}
with two mysterious men, and one mysterious woman, ‘i .
all of foreign aspect and demeanor, but all of 
spoke perfect English, and all of whom conductedf
themselves as gentlemen and ladies should do.

He stood where the woman left him, watchingher .

as she hurried down the avenue to the 
y where she disappeared around the’corner. 
l with a shrug of his shoulders, he turned and: retra '

 
    
   
 

    
  
 
 
  

   

. i
...a .

  

‘sort,of .a niystefy,  ,

* .4

      
     
 

   
    
  
  
     
  
  

    
  
     
 

A his steps toward the statue. his idea at the  =

 
       
   

being to return to the automobile and Dam , ‘adds _
bother» himself no more concerning the episoiie of 

‘chalk-rnarks. , . T . . 
arrived in the vicinity

 
   
     

’ However.‘ When 11¢‘
‘Circle, the automobile had disappeared,’ and he
tlmt Nick Carter. for whom it had been wai '
arrived; and that Danny had taken him aw" I,

 I,.ittle  like that one arepoftiegg the " '
‘liﬂiiitlialza  may  ‘

ie. I I i 

, -isle

   
  
 

    
  
    
  
 

 

   
 
   

  

6 NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

never have been undertaken had the automobile ‘been
obliged to wait for Nick Carter ﬁve minutes longer
than it did. For in that case, Patsy would have en-
tered it, and it is doubtful if the episode of the chalk
would have been considered other than a joke.
As it was, when Patsy saw that Danny had gone,
he turned at an acute angle from the direction he had
. been following, and took his course a second time to
5,. the little store where he had purchased the chalk;
there he bought a second piece of the blue crayon.
The closing incidents of his last experience had
convinced Patsy that the blue "chalk was somehow of

more importance than the other colors, and so, de- ,

termined upon a last experiment, he made his way
_ straight across the square, towardvthe iron railing near
its center, intent upon making some marks in blue,
I where they would be seen, as the red and white ones
had been.

CHAPTER III.

 

THE MESSAGE IN BLUE.

> , As Patsy approached the iron fence which surrounds
the pillar that supports the ﬁgure of Columbus, he
. ’ held the piece of blue crayon he had purchased con-

 
 
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
    
 

 spicuously between the ﬁnger and thumb of his right_

:"_ hand, in order that if any one were watching his ap-
’plroach, or-the approach of any person who might be
bent on a like errand, the chalk would be seen and
his actions would be anticipated.
 As he stepped upon the coping which surrounds
plxoe, he paused near the edge of it, and turned,
facing toward the park; then deliberately he walked all
the way around the edge of the coping until he arrived
. , , again’ at the point of beginning.
" .“*7ﬂ"I’\here he about-faced, as a military man would ex-
" press it, and strode straight across to the iron railing,
irhere, without prerneditation concerning what he
llould write, he made the ﬁgures in blue, which an-
priced the appointed hour of the meeting that eve-
rung, under the Washington arch.
, j‘~‘8.:36,” he wrote, and then stood back and stepped
" . away from it, looking at the ﬁgures he had made, after
‘ if "hick he erased them with his handkerchief; and then,
iﬁt:h’;j‘a chuckle, he strode a quarter of the way around
“ﬁle circle of the fence, and repeated the -operation.
 He_cond'ucted himself exactly as he had done in

 until he had ma e the’ ﬁgures and erased
‘A at_the four points of compass surrounding the

  
  
 

vie...

' done, he stood back idly, waiting for some-
’v’»-‘   V I . I -
nothing happened.

fjrs,"~he ﬂung the blue crayon from him,

  

   

  instance, and he co tinued to repeat this»per- _

"after minute passed, unti‘l,Patsy’s naturally V
aracter asserted itself, and, with a shrug.

‘ the middle effone of the car-tracks, 

 

and was starting away, to leave the place for good,
and to forget the incidents of the morning, when he
saw a man spring from the platform of a car, bound
in the opposite direction, seize the chalk, and then
come rapidly toward him.

Patsy waited.

The man came directly up to him without hesita-
tion, and extended the blue crayon, holding it, un-
clasped, in the palm of his right hand. A

“I think, sir, that you lost something,” he said.

Patsy had to confess himself nonplused at the mo-
ment.

He did not know just what answer to make.

The whole circumstance was so perplexing, and so
utterly unusual. _
But without any hesitation that was apparent, he
reached out and took the chalk from the palm of the

extended hand, and said:\

“Thank you.” ‘

Then he dropped it into his coat pocket, whereupon
the man who had returned the chalk to him made
what appeared to the young detective to be a signiﬁ-
cant gesture, for he deliberately moistened the tip of
his middle ﬁnger with hisitongue and then drew it
across his eyebrows one after the other, ﬁrst coverin
the right one and then the left. A

Patsy knew that this must be some sort of signal,
but he did not know how to reply to it.

To repeat the gesture after the man would have
been folly, for no secret sign is ever given where the
answer to it is the same as the question, and so Patsy
made no returning gesture whatever, but stood smi- 9
lingly regarding the stranger, whose entire demeanor ‘
had been that of a gentleman.

The latter was the ﬁrst to speak.

“I see that you do not understand me,” he said.

“I’m afraid not,” Patsy admitted-.

“You threw the blue chalk ayvay, did you not?”

-‘.‘Yes.” ' .

“After making certain marks upon the iron railing '
yonder?” ' ‘

“I believe that I was foolish enough to do so; yes.” , _

“The marks were also signiﬁcant, were they not?’,’ , ]
queried the stranger, with a smile, but, nevertheless,
in a manner which demanded a reply. , 

“That is as it may be,” replied Patsy. “If they had I 
any signiﬁcance to you, sir, you are welcome, to make A. _ ’
whatever use of it you please?’ ,

“It is not the ﬁrst time you have made use of chalk,
to make marks upon the fence, yonder, [is it i’’.’ ' .

‘ “No,” said Patsy, and he laughed outright this time. -
“I have been conducting myself like a schoolboy for
the betterpart of an hour, and I had just determined
to become a man again, when yo‘u brought back tome e
the piece of crayon I had thrown away.” . ,  

For a moment the stranger regarded Patsy with _ 3
intentness that was somewhat disconcerting, and 
slow deliberation he said: . , A  e a

“It is‘ always a wise proceeding to -ignore‘
which do-"not concern us. Your actions, ha’

Pv . , < x.,

 
      
  

   
  
  
  
  

       
  
 

  

ested me for some little time, and if you have ever
traveled in the West you will know that they have a
maxim in that part of the country ,which says: A man
who‘ minds his "own business has his hands full.”
What reply Patsy would have made to this remark
can never be determined, for the man gave him no
opportunity to say a word. He turned and sprang
‘upon a passing car, so that Patsy could not have
dogged his footsteps had he wished to do so, for the
Juan would instantly have known that he was followed.
. It was for this reason that Patsy followed out his
 , ﬁrst, intention of returninghome, and he crossed the
 « Circle to the south side of Fifty-ninth Street, pres-
’ ently tumin down Fifth Avenue. ,
~. The day as a ﬁne one and he‘ preferred to walk,
’_ and so he strolled along leisurely, observing without
. H, noticing particularly the people and vehicles that passed
4 him along that thoroughfare.
’ He had proceeded in this manner to the corner of
‘ Thirtieth Street, and was about to turn to cross the
avenue. when, directly ahead of him, a carriage drew
 before the front entrance to the Holland House.
 gentleman sprang from it. and turned to assist a
 to alight, and she stepped down so that she stood
directly facing Patsy, who was twenty or thirty feet
‘distant from them. , ‘
“ ' With a start he recognized, or believed that he did
‘ so, the young woman who had accosted him on Eighth
‘Avenue, when he had been studying the smudge of
H116, beneath him, on the pavement.
*;'With an impulseathat he could not have deﬁned at
~;th‘e:moment,' Patsy’s hand ﬂew quickly to his hat, and
»<»~,,he‘raised it as the woman’s eyes, for an instant only.
 his own. ' '
He wondered if it was a ﬂash of recognition, or of
L A ' _ indignation, that she‘bestowed upon him when
 saluted her; but whateverit was, she made no re-
 gesture, and her gaze was instantly withdrawn,
' ad Patsy remained where he was, watching the mom-
" ,as~?;sh_e: walked beside her» companion into the hotel.
HeV“had thought, for an instant, that he might have
mistaken in:-_her'i.dentity, and that after all she

  
  
  
 
    
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
       

 

Avenue; but the costume was - almost the
ffinot entirely ‘so, Patsy,tho{;ghtf;3 In fact, the
diﬁerence that he ‘could, determine,.‘upon—in that
 was in the veil the woman wore. ‘ She of

{that here-featuresihad  mucli“ less plainly
‘fhe veil worn by,th_ woman’ who had = just
mtartl-;‘c hotel lwaseib thegthinnest and'_most
eiitldihracter, and served only to accentuate
other features and the. flash of-her brilliant

        
  

   of ‘unusual soc:
. uc1s1in'g..,_<>v.er the str£n8’€§1¢5§ of it. an,-
: s  ’yThl‘rtiethA

 réame personfwith whom he .. had spoken-

H Avenue had been more thickly veiled thantliis L

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. " i 7

seated himself in the library to read and smoke, and
await the coming of his chief.

When luncheon was announced, within a short time
after Patsy’s return, he found that he hgd to partake
of it alone, since Nick Carter and Chick were both
absent, and even Adelina, Patsy’s wife, had gone out
on a shopping tour, so Joseph informed him. He
had eaten luncheon, and was in the act of leaving the
table, when Joseph appeared, bearing a sealed en-
velope, which he h nded to Patsy, saying as he did so:

“This was just now left at the door for you, sir,
and the person who brought it said that I was to give
it to the gentleman who made the chalk-marks against
the iron fence. He went away before I could ask him
a question, and so I have brought it directly to you,
Mr. Garvan.” ‘ A

“All right,” said Patsy, laughing. “I’m It. Josephff

He took the envelope, and while Joseph stood wait"-_»
ing, broke the seal.

He read as follows:

“You have received one warning already. Let this 4
be another one. Do not meddle with things which do :5
not concern you. A pitcher sometimes goes to the
well too often. If there was method in your madness
of this forenoon, forget it and drop it. .If what you
did was the result of accident, remember the niaxiin .;
about minding your ‘own business. The people who}; 5.,
are concerned with the circumstances of this morning 
will brook no interference from any person or p‘er¢- '
sons.” . i i

There was no superscription; there was no sigma; 

ture. . *
The envelope which contained the message was of {.1
the same shade of blue as the crayon Which.TE,’;;g?,‘:“'3l
had used to mark upon the iron railing surro_undfx§g"__=_.
the statue of Columbus; the message’ was. writtenifbn 1*
paperyuofthesamebue. _ y W .f
, The writing was fine and perfect, almost like en‘;.:’*»
graving. and’ there had been apparently no attempttoift
disguise it in any way. ,  
Patsy, who had been on the point of disniissing the-. .
e_ntire.subjec_t from‘ his mind. as a mere incident at v
._ ref. ' 

   
  
  

I

_the day not of sufficient importance to , ' . A _
attention, was now tnqre greatly  — g._
and he received a renewed impulse to invesﬁgaté. ‘s 
mysterious, aﬁair. because of the character andfthe re
wording of the message just received. »  
If you will pause a minute to regard the ,
stances from your own standpoint. as you 
you will realize that; but_forfthe profem  ,_  H
Patsy followed..the incident should not, and ' f:
would not, have interested him at all: s _ _.  ,
But being,’ by profession. an investigator
téries, and_.having_ ,oue,or .sm_re‘  aﬁ .
at hand for, solution, prfnew  uhichj. ‘

   

‘ﬁg.

,4‘ .
‘ M I

  

   
       
   
   
  

     
   
 

   
  

., but , 

 8 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Patsy should be concerned about it. Nevertheless, he
was most deeply interested.
He read the message two or three times, and then
remembered ‘that Joseph was standing at the doorway,
~ V waiting.

“What sort of a person was it who brought this
message, Joseph?” he asked.

“Just a man, sir; nothing more.
{I should say.”

“Probably some one who was hired, along the street,
to deliver it,” said Patsy, and he waved his hand for

’ Joseph to leave.

Glancing at his watch, he saw that the time was
approaching two o’clock, and recalling the ‘circum-
stance of the ﬁrst envelope he had received, after ma-

_ king the white chalk-marks, he determined to go at
once to Madison Square, and to station himself where
he should pass the next hour and a half in watching
the corner where the ﬁrst written message had told
him to appear at three-thirty that afternoon.
He strolled slowly down the avenue,.having no idea
' - whatever that he was followed o_r observed, and
. passed presentlyrinto~Madison Square, where he seated
himself on a bench from which he could command a
view of the corner that interested him.
‘ .- The case, if case it could be called, had not as yet
taken upon itself sufficient importance to suggest to
the young detective that he was watched, or spied
upon, notwithstanding the message he had received in
‘ the blue envelope; and, therefore, he did not notice
—*. particularly a person who presently approached and
' dropped down upon the same bench, but at the other
end of it, leaving a space of a few feet between them.
1 ‘:~ The day was a pleasant one, and Patsy had brought
' 7;  a paper, which he now unfolded and held before
j;  ostensibly reading it, but in reality casting fre-
J» guent and furtive glances toward the corner in ques-
‘iimn.’ ' I '

A working man,

    
 
   
  
 
  
  
  

 The better part of an hour passed in this manner,
and Batsy was beginning to think that the time was.

‘when a closed hack drew up against the curb a few
feet away from the northwest corner of T wenty-sixth
  and Madison Avenue, and stood there, as if
awaiting a passen er. ’ ',.
lP,atsy'watched git idly, observing it without being
 andhe saw the driver get down, go to the
door, open it, and appear to lean for a moment inside
 back. Then the man withdrew, and turned about,
 eagerly up and down the street as if in search
(if one, and he continued those actions, turning
in one direction and then another, until at last
—_ seed the bench in the square upon‘ which Patsy
The, detective saw -the man turn and say
.' I ‘further, apparently to some person inside
Ililﬂr,  then, leaving the door swinging open,
..~‘across Twenty-sixth "Street. directly ‘toward
place where the young detective was seated, ap-

 
     
    
   
  

p .

 

j [approaching for developments, if any were to occur,‘

‘ something that ‘Patsy  gone out to attend  t

  

As the man drew near the bench, Patsy saw that he
was excited; but he did not come too closely.

He stopped abruptly, and exclaimed: '

“Oh, gentlemen, come quickly, if you please.
mistress is ill.” ,

Without awaiting a reply, he turned and ran back‘
toward the hack.

Patsy, and the other man who was seated on the
bench near him, started to their feet simultaneously,
and apparently with the same impulse rushed toward
the hack with its door swinging open.

Whether it was by intention, or because Patsy was
more ﬂeet of foot, he certainly outdistanced the man
who had occupied the bench with him, and when they
reached the .open door of the hack, Patsy was eight or
ten feet in the lead.

Without pausing to consider what he was doing or
what he might discover, the young detective leaped
forward, and thrust his head and half his body inside
the covered vehicle.

It was the last that the young detective remembered
with any distinctness.

He knew that he received a violent blow -from be-
hind, and he was conscious of pitching forward into
utter darkness. , A

That was all.

a

My

 

CHAPTER IV.
THE GREAT CONSPIRACY.

It was half-past three o’clock in the afternoon of
that same day when Nick Carter entered his own
house, having been deposited before the door by
Danny, with the automobile.‘ ,

The detective was somewhat preoccupied as he ran
up the steps and made his way to his own study,
where he presently rang for Joseph.

“I want Patsy,” he said, when the latter appeared,
“and I wish you to tell him to bring ”

“Beg pardon, sir,” said Joseph, interrupting him,
“but Mr. Garvan is out. He was home to luncheon,
sir, but left the house about two o’clock, and has not.
returned.” -I . .

“Did he leave any message? Do you know where J .
he was going?” I ‘ . , * ‘

“No, sir; he received a message of some sort which
seemed to induce him to hasten.” I’

‘fA mpssage ?” said Nick. “From whom ?”

“I don't know, sir.”_

“What was the message?”

“I don’t know that, either, sir.” = V ' _

; “What's the matter with you, Joseph? Are you;
trying to bemysterious?” V  t7'_ 

,“No, sir; but the message was rather a  
one. At, least, I thought so at the time.”  ,

“Oh, welli it doesn’t matter. =I suppose :it want.

 

A

 

       
  
        
 

9

  

   

Q

. NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' '9

he should come in, I wish you to send him to me at
once. Is Mrs. Garvan at home?”
“Yes, sir; she has just come in.”
Nick dismissed Joseph, and hastened to the room
' ‘which Patsy and his wife used as a private parlor,
andas he entered, said to her:

“Adelina, I have just received information of a
character which is so stupendous in its meaning as to
be almost beyond credulity. I thought I would ques-
tion you a little bit concerning some of the points
about it, for the reason that I know you to be in con-
‘. stant communication with your friends and relatives
 in Argentina and Chili.”

"5 “Yes,” she said, looking up in some surprise. “What

can it be about?” ._

The detective seated himself upon a chair facing
‘her, and continued:

“The matter is one which, if any importance at-
taches to it at all, is of the greatest moment imag-
inable. In a word, Adelina, it comprehends a coali-

7 tion of several of the revolutionary parties of ' the

South American countries into one, and it is aimed

toward a reestablishment of an empire which is in-

tended gradually to absorb every one of the South

‘American republics. I want to know if, in any letters
.‘?';-,,-‘you have received from that part of the world, any

I ‘ mention has been made,of things which would tend

toward such an intrigue.”

“No, indeed,” she replied at once, and frankly. “I
‘have never heard of apy such thing at all.”

. i “It' is most amazing,” said Nick. “Perhaps the
 Tmore so because the plan, as adopted, seems to me to
_-g :"7\be entirely feasible.” ‘

“I can’t imagine anything of the sort being feasible

‘A.’ iii‘: South America,” said Adelina, smiling.
 ;  “And yet this one is.”
 “How can it be so ?” ' - ..
’ ’ “My information, reduced to as few words as pos-
sible, isas follows: Two or three years ago there was
’a\ meeting, here in the ‘city of~New York, of several
revolutionist leaders. They represented various coun-
tries of South America, notably Venezuela, Brazil,
7*‘ U_rugu,ay, Peru, Chili, and Bolivia. It is said that
.there were representatives:of every country of South
America at that meeting; whether it is true or not, I
*, notknow. But. the purport of the ‘meeting was to
ofganizea concerted movement; by which the malcon-
. ‘of the_ various countries should bebrought to-
f _ e1‘,vand ﬁnanced in such a manner that they could
_ .'as one, and with but one object in view."_
“d thateobject, you say, was the establishment
empire?” 1' \ , ‘
,1-eallyiamoun s to the same thing,” replied Nick,
’ ~I 3on’t think that the words ‘empire,’ or
0t,;".or anything pertaining to royalty were
 idea of ‘still dealing in a- republican spirit
maintained, although you and‘*I“ both know
dnld be no —_more absolute -monarchy: any-

   
    
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
 

'£§F~39,one-man rule: is .con~ >'

V cerned, than at present exists in every one of the South .

American republics, so—called.” 7
“That is very true,” she admitted.
“The scheme of this movement is to sweep-over the

country from the Isthmus to the straits, and to place

the entire territory -of South America under one dom-
inant head, dividing the countries, as they at present
exist, into states, and so creating one country and
practically one government, which, according to the
plans, is to be the greatest in the world, and which,‘_
ultimately, is intended to become the most powerful.”

Adelina nodded her head, deeply interested.‘

“It is like many other things,” pursued the detect-
ive, “entirely feasible, logically and technically, but
apparently impossible from a practical standpoint. ‘But
if the dominant factors of the revolutionary element
in those countries could be brought to the point of.
working together, there is no doubt that such a scheme
might be carried out, or else there is no doubt at all
that South America would presently be plunged into
the bloodiest war that the world has ever witnessed.”

“It is terrible to contemplate,” said Adelina.

“VVe1l, that is the condition that is said to exist,”
remarked the detective, after a pause. “I have spoken_
to you about it only because I thought that some
mention ofsuch a movement might have been made I
in one of your letters. I wish that you would think 3
again, and try to remember if any such thing has been ' 
even suggested, by any sentence contained in one of 
the letters you have received from your home or from
any of your South American friends.” '

“No; nothing of the kind has ever, even remotely,
occurred to me.” \

“I was approached, more than two weeks ago, by a
gentleman from one of the South American c untries,
but who hesitated a long time before he came to the
actual purpose of his call,” the detective continued
reminiscently. “He seemed reluctant to explain to
me all that he had-in mind, and afterwardpadmitted
that his reluctance was due only to the fact thatrthe
scheme was so stupendous in its conception as to be
entirely unbelievable, and the man had doubted if. 3:.
I would take him seriously.” ‘

“Who, was he?” asked Adelina. ,

“He was a gentleman who was sent ,to‘ 
president of Peru, and he represented four presidents“
of other countries beside that one. Through their
spy-systems, or because of some sort of betrayal on the
part of the conspirators, those men had received .;
knowledge of the movement that was on foot, and had,‘ ~
thought it serious enough to demand attention. Their
information was to the effect that this city was the i 
headquarters of the conspirators; that every plan icon.-i ;
cerning it was made-here; that the heads of the mgyg:-lg”
ment were quartered here, and living here,_ and that i
the organization of this monster rebellion ag-ai1;gt...,gh¢_
present order of things was being carried on in}
very, quiet but effective way right here in the City; of;
New,'Yor ” ~ w A V

“That, I suppose, is why the man sought

ml
,.-l
V ‘ *

‘:5
‘ ‘l
J:

.

I_ 

 

  
 
     
     
  

   
 
 

  
    
    

     
 

  

to

“It is one reason; but there are several others. They
= ‘sought me chieﬂy because there was no other apparent
‘I  means by which they could get at the secrets of the

move’ment,vsave through the channels I could supply-

, There would have been no use to appeal to the gen-
. eral government, for the reason th'at the government
could not take. cognizance of such an affair until some
f overt act was committed.” '
‘ . - “I see.”
3 “My name is more or less well known in the several
I countries concerned in this matter, and so they came
‘to me.”
.  “Well," asked Adelina, “what have you discov-
Uered P”
 The detective smiled before he replied; then he said:
p g‘7‘Absolutely nothing, my dear. I am inclined- to
believevthat the character and size of the movement
 has been very much overestimated. As a matter of
" fact, I have begun to doubt that such a movement
’ exists at all; or" if it does exist, I think it is local, and
not general in its character. And yet, Adelina, the
‘very feasibility of such a scheme appals me when I
think of it, and I have considered it my duty to treat
* the matter seriously.”
‘-.‘.‘I, should suppose so; certainly.” a
 detective was silent after that, and Adelina was
thoughtful, and so several moments passed in- utter
. , silence “‘ between them. It was broken presently by
Ba't'_s}y’s wife, who said: ’ I
" "i have been out, shopping, to-day, and when I
_ f‘ d:~ that I was late for luncheon, I went into the
" ~‘ land House, on my way home, for some tea and
i :While I was seated at the table, a lady and
"an, both known to me by sight, although there
 no personal acquaintance vbetvgeen us, entered the
* meneand seated themselves‘ at a table opposite me.
.. were talking together rather animatedly, al-
‘beeause of the distance, Icould hot hear so
ﬁkthe sound of their voices. What I started
,. was this :' If there‘ is any ‘conspiracy being
I of the kind you describe, in the country to

 
 

  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
 

 are in it. I know who they are, ‘and I‘ know
I oflspeak.” . . - ;

' ' that sounds very interesting,” said Nick. “Who
, _ i  ‘Adelina P” . I ' _

‘ -, .653. Carerra and his wife.Mercedes, of Lima,
‘Thley are two‘ of the greatest conspirators which
-s try hasever known.- I have heard my father
' '5 Chem, gften, in the past. They are people who

 stirring up revolutions intheir
" butt

?aa]">"penecl.-'i‘n.’Bolivia';'anti I have heard my

 “,mo1v'e to a‘_nothe_r- one and  it.” -
2§i$elii1§}"what.do<you‘ ' ~ '
' ‘said; “'1

S11

  

those ‘two persons belong, you may rest assured"

y are responsiblefor the last one

?:s  V. g ‘
, . yito suggest ‘any- '
.e  ﬁniﬂted‘ ?yrith_w’hat‘ I_ was ;say~/_';;

4

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“They have two daughters, who should be about
my own age. Twins they are, and although I have
never seen them, I have been told that they are so
nearly alike that one might readily pass for the other.”

“How does that interest us ?”

“It is interesting only because I have heard that
they are as busy fomenting conspiracies and revo-
lutions, as their parents are; but I do not know as to
that. I was only thinking that if the daughters are
here, with their father and mother, I might make an

.1!-

A excuse to call upon them.”

' ceeding ten minutes the detective noticed,‘w"ithV 

say that when ‘those néo ‘ean’t start a ‘revolution * -

“Good, Adelina! .That is a splendid idea."
“Only I don’t know that they are here.”
“Then take it for granted.”

“I could call and send my card to them. I could
readily explain my reasons for doing so, because I
have frequently heard my father talk about Don José,
and I think I could get through the interview very
pleasantly.” A “ -

“There is no doubt of that, Adelina.”

“But I doubt very much if I could get any informa- V
tion from the old fox, or his wife. They are past
masters in the art of concealment. With the daugh-
ters, if theyiare here, it might be diﬁ°erent.”~

“What are the daughters -named ?”

“Carmen and Emilia.”

“You might take Patsy with you, when you make
your call,” suggested Nick.

“No,” replied Adelina, “I can do better without him,
in a case of this kind; and besides it would not be,
directly in accordance with South American customs
to do so. But I will go there, and at once, if youW
think it would be wise to do so.”

“I do think so; most certainly.” : ,

It was a few minutes past four when Nick Carter, I '
having left Adelina to prepare for the call she was to‘
make, went» out of the house and turned southward; 
for no other purpose than to get in the_open air during‘ '
theiafternoon of that very pleasant day. ,

He strolled slowly down Madison Avenue, and had i
turned to cross’“'the square, when his attention was‘
arrested by a group of persons, numbering ﬁve, who ..
stood ' closely together at the northwest corner of} _j '.
Twenty-sixth Street and the avenue, seemingly
gaged in, a very earnest, whispered conversation.- 

Nick paused for a moment to watch them, but.with_ ’ ‘
no reason other than that such a proceeding was an-' ;,
usual, and while hestood‘ there, one, and then at "
other of the five, hurried away, followed by 
and then a fourth; but, as these men departed; 
approached and joined the group, and during';'u‘.l'ie 5su

5'

 

        
   
          
   
    
   
   

  
  
  
  

 NEW N'IcK CARTER WEEKLY. 11

But he did not regard the scene seriously at all,

0 although, when he had ceased to watch them because

of further lack of interest, he strolled across the ave-

nue and went past them, noticing that their conversa-
tion hushed as he did so.

But he continued’ on his way, and would not have
paused had it not been that happening to look down-
ward, he saw something lying in the gutter which
instantly arrested his attention. Stepping forward
quickly, he picked it up in his hand, exclaiming, as
he did so: “Patsy’s silver match-box! I wonder how
it came here?”

 

 

CHAPTER V.
THREE MEN ON A BENCH.

There are certain -intuitions, sometimes called pre-
. monitions, wlzlch come to us suddenly, and often with-
out apparent cause; and just such a sense of disaster
.~ 5‘ of some sort came upon Nick Carter, when he stooped
  to pick up the silver match-box which had fallen from
Patsy’s hand when the latter received the blow which
hurled him insensible inside the hack; for Patsy had
'- I been about to relight his cigar at the time‘ he was
' - . called, and had rushed across the street in that direc-
-tion. '
It was a box that had been given to‘ Patsy by his
wife soon after their marriage, and he treasured it
-.j‘~~'very'highly,' not because of its intrinsic value, and
' ’; notwithstanding the fact that it bore his initials in
T Q’ .. gems, but because it was a present from the one he
‘A "3 loved best in all the world.
 ,\_Nick Carter knew that Patsy would never have
=_. idropped that box from his hand inadvertently; like-
 I ‘wise, he believed that it could not have been taken
 Patsy’s pocket, where he carried it, save by
 Patsy himself. ' '
 The detective argued that if the young assistant
f,;hgd'*been in the act of making use of the match-box

  

 
 
  
  

r'\ .
 'c“*;;m.ea'ns'to recover possession of it; and because of these
' facts, it had a_ mute story to tell by its presence there.
“' he was no doubt of its ownership.
V Nick Carter had seen it too often to be deceived in
t regard. \
T t] was Patsy’s without question, ,and the fact that it
" ;y7as found lying in the gutter "was proof positive to
,ﬁie,Hetmﬁve that something had happened to deprive
*,’=',hi§',ass,istant of its p£ss_ession——something which was
‘-h,‘Qvond"Patsy’s contr , and which prevented him from
 for it after it was lost. '
 '‘ stood there" several moments, regarding the box
slowly turning. it in his ﬁngers as he did so,
 it open and shut‘ from. time to time,
 the matter, puzzled and troubled by

   
  
  
     
  
  

  

.,,-

 it was dropped, that he would have neglected no.

, _. ~ g p_ ’of them.~toward the hac .” v .
I gthatra de.ft,pickpocket might have V V
t; ’s  followed him to steal /it “Well, that's all, misterf.’ 1

it, but on the other hand, Patsy~ was one whose pock-
ets could not be easily riﬂed of their contents by any
such expert, and certainly such a thing as that would
not be likely to occur at a corner like that one, where
there was no crowd about, to jostle a victim.

Again, it was not likely that the box had been there
a very long time, since it had been lying with the
initial side exposed, and the glistening gems which
formed the monogram sparkled in the sunlight plainly
enough to have attracted attention, had eyes been
directed that way. as N ick’s were.

The detective glanced toward the park, then crossed
the street and approached one of the benches upon
which three men were seated.

He had put the match-box into his pocket, and now
he stepped in front of the three men, and said to. them:

“Can any one of you tell me of any incident that
has happened just acrossthe street, in front of you,
since you have been seated here——-—any particular inci-
dent ‘that has attracted your attention?”

\ One of the men, who was plainly of the tramp order, \
looked up with a grin, and replied:

“Aw, say, boss, what yuh givin’ us? Have yuh got
a touch 0’ the willies P”

“I mean what I say,” said Nick. “How long have
you been seated here?”

“Oh, I guess I’ve been here a couple 0’ hours.” ,-

“VVell, have you seen anything happen on the other ‘
side of the street since you have been here?”

“No; nothin’ ain’t happened.”

“If any one of you three will try to remember and
tell me just what has happened over there, it would
be worth half a dollar to the man who could give me
the information I seek,” said Nick slowly; and the
tramp straightened himself instantly. ‘

“Now, you’re talkin’, boss. Somethin’ did happen,
only I didn’t pay much attention to it.”

The other two men had begun to show signs of in-
terest by this time, but as neither of them made any
remark, Nick again addressed the tramp. ,

“Tell me what you saw,” he said. “Begin at“ the
moment when you arrived here, and tell me everything
that you have noticed across the street, there, since .§
you came.” , I 12:

“Well, boss, there wasn't nobody there, when ‘I — 
came,‘ so far as I kin remember. Once in a while a?‘ :3
wagon would go by, and people, of course, were'pass- 1’
ing along, one way or the other; and then, by and by, p "
a hack stopped over there, and stood there quite 'a 
while; and I guess somebody was sick, or wanted I 
somebody, for the driver got down and stuck his head ‘
inside a minute, after which he rubbernecked around." ‘
considerable; then he started across the street for that ,
bench over there, where two men were settin’, and he
said somethini to them, only I don’t know what it was.;"
but whatever it was, it made the two covies hump
themselves, for they got up and started on a run, '_bOtl’_! g

 

 
 
   
       
  
 

  
  
 
 

“Well,” said the detective, when the man paused,

    

 
 

  

fz

“What do you mean by its being all?”
A “I mean that the two men jumped inside the hack,
. and that the driver jumped on the box and drove
away.”
“VVell, What happened after that?”
“Nothin’ happened after that.”
"Do you remember anything about the description
of the two men who ran toward the hack?”
“Wot’s that, boss?”
“Can you tell me how those two men looked?”
_ “-Well, one of ’em, the chap who was ahead when
they run that way, had on a brown suit of clothes, and
“ ‘a brown derby hat, a d he didn’t wear no whiskers,
or mustache, and I should say that he wasn’t quite as
}‘tall-gas you are.”
« Nick knew that Patsy had worn his brown suit and
— brown derby away from the house that morning, and,
therefore, the tramp’s description of the affair seemed
 to bear out the suspicions he had already formed re-
‘ garding the circumstances. A ’
 True, there was no reason to be thought of why
Patsy should have been attacked, or summarily dealt
,3 tw'ith,:in such a public place, at that hour of the day;
 but the mute evidence of the match-box, and the man-
ner “in which it had been found by the detective, con-
"yinced him that something of the kind_ must have
occurred, nevertheless. .
“,‘You say the two men ran toward the hack when
hey were summoned by the driver?” he asked the
Wm?-, ._
;""1‘hat’s wot I said, boss.”
Nick turned toward the other two who were seated
 and asked:
1 ‘ﬁid either of you ‘see what
,  n ,_ 1

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
    
  

ht1ll_.half-dollar)”, replied one of them.

  I'll pay for whatever information I get, if it
as information worth using.” ‘ ‘*

I  then, mister, I reckon that I saw more than
did, That’s what we call’ him—-Fuzzy. He
ja on, last night, and ain’t any too particular
'  If !I’m to get, say, a quarter, for what
:;to;tel1-you now, I’ll, open up.”

»right,’7 said Nick, humoring the man.» “You’re
GQ.’3head.” iv v ' — v V .
I, saw the two mensettin’ on that other

 
     
 
    
   
      
      
    
  

  
 
  

   

 
 

0

I _there 1st, and the other one sidled up to

  

ain’t.suré of, /npthinr ; it was only »a impres-
 But?’tInt‘ain’t all, mister.” ’ T‘ ' T
.‘ . W3‘ _ .1 ‘ ._:.;‘ f__ I

 
  
 

  
   

 

this man has de-i

I o u u / u ”
e ain’t givin’, out no information when he gets

W hen thefy oome to it. The feller in the brown
0
  asjif hewaslkeeping tabs. on the,

 and ahalf-dollarlfor his ﬁrst informant, andtiugeaqi 
' turnin'g«away,' when the, I’

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

where they seem to be holding some kind of a con-
vention just now.”

Again Nick Carter’s eyes turned toward the corner
in question, and he saw that the group which had
attracted his attention in the ﬁrst place was disinte-
grating now; for while the detective looked toward
them, the last one walked away, and the convention,
if such it wvére, as suggested by the hobo on the,“
bench, was over.

“Go on with your story,” said the detective.

“Well, what I seen was this:, The hack-driver
acted just like Fuzzy says he did. He rubbered inside
the hack a minute, and then he turns and makes a bee-
line for the brown chap and t’other one on that bench,
just as if he wanted help; but all the time we was
nearer to him than they- was. He shouted out some-
thing, just as Fuzzy says he did, and the two men on
the bench jumps up and runs, Browny taking the lead
and the other chap coming in a good second. And
then, when they gets right to the open door of the
hack, the feller behind chucks out his right arm, and
mister Brown dives inter the hack, head foist, and the
other feller jumps in on top of him. Then, mister
driver slam-bangs the door, jumps onto his box, picks
up the reins, and says ‘giddap.’ ”

“Are you sure of what, you are telling me?” asked

kl

- Nick.

“Just ,as sure certain as I am sitting here facing‘ ‘
you, and waiting for that quarter.”

The detective produced a quarter and tossed it to,
the man, remarking as he did so: A 

“There’s another one goes with it when you have ~
ﬁnished your story.” -

“But there ain’t no more to tell. I'd like to earn: 3.
the extra quarter well enough, but that’s all I kinaw -  I
about it.” , 

“Are you positive‘ that the second man struck the ’ " 
one who was dressed in brown?” . I *

“No, I ain’t positive; but that’s what I thought.”

“And so it looked to you as if the whole thing was
a prearranged plan that had been carried out?” —“ V

“T hat’s the way it looked to me.” V , . , , ,,

“Was the hack a public convenience?” ; 9,’
“It didn’t have no number on it, if that’s what you 

\ _ 

 
    
   
     

mean!”
“Was the driver in livery 3?”. _ 
“I don,’-t know whether he belonged to a livery or a‘ ' a
private stable, but , ” T , M ’ ‘ 
“Did the driver wear a uniform of any kind ?” 
“Now.” i ’ ,1’ 
“How long ago did that happen?” 5 {.
“Oh, it was an hour, sure. Maybe more.” i ' ' 4
‘fwhich way did the hack go?” . i
» “It turned up Broadway.” ’ I — I  
‘ Nick broiig'ht forth the second quarter for the

 

 

    
 
  

2

 
 

‘third one ofgthie thérecr

  

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

I .T if you_care tothear it; and I am not suggesting it for
gain.” r 
,_ A‘ The manner‘of the man, and the language he used,
*  impressed Nick favorably, and so he replied:

r» 2* “.W"alk through the square with me and tell me what
gjyou know. You won’t regret it.”’

 »“I am not sure that what I can tell you is worth
- anything at all, sir, but I happened to be noticing that
—*carriage, when it stopped on the other side of the
street from where I was seated, and something fa-
_. miliar about the ﬁgure of the driver attracted my
, attention, so that I kept studying him. When, a little
" later, he ran across the street into the square and called
‘ ‘” the two men as was described to you, I got a better
view of his face, and I was sure then that I was not
mistaken.” I ‘

‘ “You recognized him as some one you knew ?” asked
Nick '

  
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
 

 

seen before, to—day.”

f‘Ah, I ‘understand you. It was in another part of

tﬁB"Clty‘?” \

“To, be frank with .you, sir, I saw that same driver,

.‘._wZit‘l1-_-the same horses and hack, near the corner of
H‘ 'ieth Street, on Columbus Circle, between ten and

 eleven o’clock this morning.” ; 2

‘ Wen,” said Nick, “what of that? How does that
 in the matter?”. _ A

 man hesitated, and coughed in a confused man-

, it-i1é71'9before he replied. Then tentatively, he said:

Wt "‘You' look like a gentleman, sir, and I believe you

_ one. -If I could know just why you make these

.  I ‘think perhaps I could supply you with
I " 9’ further information, although I am not sure

have the right to do so.” *

It paused abruptly. They were half-‘way across
i*,S,quare at the time, and near a vacant settee

center of it. , *

 down‘ here a moment,” said the detective, “and

its ﬁriisltﬂiis conversation. It is evident to me
‘ ;l;§_i*‘Ie‘something on your mind which is in-

" ” digthat you know‘ more about the affair

  

  

 
     
  

.\'

   .
i i pan r.'mi:xr:crnn' iintia.

r were seatingithemselves’ upoifthe bench,
 man! in .. that quick but penetrating
peculiarly iiis'own,-and he thought he
‘ I person ‘o-‘:5 unusual’ intelligence,

I‘ temporarily castrdowni. ‘ 

  

  
  

   
  

'‘‘No, sir; but I recognized him as a person I had ,

I fulﬁlled all the»requirementI.” ' .

Dcleaneut ‘ ioguomy. His’, I
 in: their f,€Xp1’es§ia11. audio;

13.

tective’s scrutiny is not important; he answered the
last remark made by Nick as if there had been no
hiatus, and said: '

“No, sir; you are mistaken as to that. I know
nothing more about the incidents to-which you have
referred than I have already told you: but I do know
about other circumstances which have happened to-
day, which possibly may, bear some relation to this
aﬁ'air.” '

“Well?”

“I hesitate to speak plainly to you, sir, for the
reason that I will be, in a measure, betraying a conﬁ-
dence that has been reposed in me. I don’_t like to do
that. I never have made a practise of doing such
things.”

“If. what you have to tell me bears any relation to
the information I am seeking,” said Nick, “please. v_
don’t hesitate because of any idea that I may abuse 
your conﬁdence.” '

. “Very well, sir, I wish you would look at me.” e

“I have already done that quite thoroughly,” re-
plied Nick, smiling.

“I am a man who has been my own enemy. Once.‘
I had a fortune of my own, but I dissipated it foolish; ' —
ly, and from that time have lived as I might, following '
the races when I was ﬂush; living from hand to mouth
when I was broke. I have now graduated to that 
position in life which is explained by the word ‘Ad- 
venturer.’ ”

“I understand.”

“No, sir; pardon me, but you do not entirely under-..
stand. Men who become adventurers are a happy-go-
lucky set so long as they are successful, but a failure “V,
or two renders them desperate, and the adventurous 
‘lives they have led have brought them to that pass and  »«
condition whereby they are content to take up with
any cause that offers itself, no matter how‘ despeifate
it may be, provided only that it presents a fair chance ' '
for ultimate success.” " '

“Surely,” said Nick. " . = ' 

“Such a chance came to me rather more than.._.._‘ai' '
week ago, sir. A man, with whom I had struck  
street acquaintance, suggested it to me. I will ngtﬁ
now tell you exactly what it was, because that '.
a nmessary part of my communication. l;t‘jx"_§i=’f_' _  A V
‘to say that in order to make myself personally " f.
to the people who were to beneﬁt me, I had to-"go"
through certain phases of conduct, during._whieh it

was understood that I should be closely observed-1%
Watchedyin fact, for the purpose of discovering xiii,

  

 
 
   
     
    
   
   
     
    

   
 
 
   

  
      

  

  
    
    
      
  
 

“This. is‘ interesting,{’ said Nick, smiling. .

sounds like the first chapter of a novel.” .‘ I -'

“Believe me. I am telling you nothing but-gt}-13,5;

tire-truth.”  . ' ' . '  i J
*“I believe you. Please go on.” 1 ~   5,

.g“Tl_1e;;1ast of theeopditionsgl avasito. 

win ’  as¢==¢eeding1y«stmnse.:v¢he1r.i‘. .
J ; , L1

  
    

  
 
  

 I4

“I was to approach the iron railing around the
statue of Columbus, at Fifty-ninth Street and Eighth
Avenue, this morning, at exactly twenty—ﬁve minutes
after ten; I was to carry in my hand a piece of white
chalk,~with which I was to make my initials on that
iron fence; I was then to wait a few moments before
erasing the initials I had made, and was then to walk
slowly down Eighth Avenue until I was accosted by

, some person who would speak to me.”

,3 “Well, well,” said Nick, “this is decidedly interest-

mg.
“It is not necessary that I should tell you more con-
cerning what happened, or what was said to me, save
only that I was instructed to be at a certain part of the
city at a stated moment this afternoon. I visited that
section of the city, but having thought deeply upon
the matters I have described, I had determined not
to make myself known—to have nothing further to do
with it, in fact.”

“Well, what does allthis story you are telling me ..

lead to?” asked Nick.
“To this one fact, sir: When, after making the
chalk-marks on the fence, I strolled down Eighth
Avenue, I was spoken to by a person who met me
, there; that person, who spoke to me, I took occasion
‘ to follow and to watch, and ultimately, near the Circle,
he entered a closed hack. The hack, sir, was the same
one we have been discussing.” I
“You are sure of that?”
 ‘ “Quite so.”
' “And the driver was the same?”
“Driver, horses, and hack were the same.
positive of that.”
Nick Carter was silent for a considerable time.
There were several coincidences in connection with
' this man’s story which interested him deeply, the
 principal one being that he knew Patsy to ,have been
H A “in theneighborhood of Columbus Circle that morning,
 _ very nearly at the time this man mentioned as having
‘A been there himself.
V_ ' Danny had told the detective that Patsy had ridden
2 ' with him in the car to the point where it was to await
iv‘ the detective's arrival; that Patsy had become inter-
 ested in something near at hand, and had ﬁnally left
the ‘automobile, giving Danny the instructions with
" which we are already familiar. .
Ni Of course, Nick Carter knew nothing about Patsy’s
‘;;v observance of the chalk-mark "episode, and did not
‘ f even conjecture what it was that had called the young
‘ assistant from the tonneau of the car.
' But putting two and two together invariably results
-in four, and the ﬁgure four, in this case seemed to
nresglve itself into the almost positive "suggestion that
  had observed the making of the chalk-marks on
' the. fence by this man, who sat beside the detective
 and perhaps by others, and having had his_curi-
 aroused by the incidents, might have ineddled
with-some matters that had alarmed the people about
 ,  stranger had been talking; the people who
I  hinitomakethe chalk-mark inwhite.

Iam

  

  

  

 

 

NEW NJCK CARTER WEEKLY.

“There were others who were directed to make such
chalk—marks on that fence; others than you?” asked
Nick presently. -

“Yes, sir. I am not supposed to know about them,
but I do know, because I watched.”

“Tell me what you saw.” . ‘

“Again I hesitate,‘*sir, feeling that I am dealing
with something that does not concern me, since I have
elected to repudiate it; but I will tell you, neverthe-
less.” '

“Thank you.” '

“I went to the place——to Columbus Circle—more
than an hour before the time I was told to make the
signal in chalk. I took up a position from whence I
could observe closely all that should happen immedi-
ately around the statue.”

“Yes,” said Nick.

“I saw many men, during that hour, who did as I
had been told to do.”

“With the chalk P”

“Yes.” '

“Tell me exactly what they did do.”

“I saw them, one after another, and at different
intervals, one, two, live, or ten minutes apart, approach
the iron railing which surrounds the white pillar, and
I saw each one that I have described make some sort
of mark against the fence, and then erase it. The
_ notable thing about it was that in no case did two

men approach from exactly the same direction, and in
no case did they arrive at the statue at the same time.”

“It all seems to have been perfectly arranged for,”
said the detective. “How many men did you count,
who approached the statue, and made their marks in
that manner?”

“Fourteen, sir.” . . .

“And possibly that‘ same sort of thing had been
going on for a considerable time before you arrived
there, and it might have been continued after you left
the place.”

“I don't think there is any doubt of that, sir. It
may be going on now, for all we know, and it might
have begun at daylight.” _

“Will you tell me your name?” asked Nick.

’ “My name is of no importance in this matter, sir,
neither is there any reason why I should not divulge
it. Ihave always been honest, no matter what else
I may have done,_ or left undone. My name is John
Durland.” He paused a moment, and then, with a
slight smile, added: “And yours?” I

“My name is”Carter,” said the detective; “and, Mr.
Durland, since you have been so frank with me, I will
try to be equally so with you.” .

“Thank you, sir.” ‘

“I am the detective of that name, who is commonly 

known as Nick Carter.”

“Ah, indeed; I have heard about you, Mr. Carter,--I Ci’.

sand I am very glad to make your acquaintance; but ’

since you have told me your name, it makes Inelwonder. »- 
you is of professional interest7tQ‘-' ‘

if what I have told

7°“ ! , V ,:.,, I

 

  
  
 

  

NEW’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

_ j :‘‘‘I don’t know whether it is or not,” said Nick. “It
‘ may, or it may not be; I have not yet determined that.
._ But if you are willing to be still more frank with me,
3 Mr.‘ Durland, I would appreciate it exceedingly.if you
:1-would give me "what further information you have in
your possession.”
f, “ﬁllurland smiled, andaccepted a cigar which the de-
 tective handed to him, and the light which was prof-
fered after it. ' , '
‘_ .“The trouble is that I have no further information
0 give, Mr. Carter,” he said. “I have told you abso-
lutely all I know about the matter. Being a ﬂoating
Elerelict, as I have said, I was ripe forpany sort of
Tatlventure, and when the matter of the chalk, ‘as I
described it, was suggested to me, I rather liked it.
The fact that I, have dropped it since then is due solely
jaowmyilack of pupose in life. I like mystery well
fsndtigh, but this was not the sort of mystery that at-
..tf1acted‘me, and when it came to keeping the appoint-
Vmepntv that was made after: I put the chalk—marks on
ﬂiheifence, I balked; that is all.” ,
' on have no idea what it is all about?”
.. ,NQn.€ Whatever.” ,
"i“’i‘ell" me this; Did you, at any time, when you
  Columbus Circle this morning, see the man
” dﬂin brown; about whom I have been making
. macs-?3’i  . ’ ‘
es, sir_;‘I did,”, M ' ,
‘When didyyou see him?”

"viz  a. litle while after ‘I had made the
_l<shi1 the fence, and had been accosted in
rest, 651 have described,”

 tell "me about it; tell me what you ‘saw, and

)7

   
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

  

 
  

    
       
    
   
  
   

at noticed him, ‘Mr. Carter], coming down
.  venue, and Igsaw a,man step‘ forward and
1 Vs precisely as another man had met me, a little
e before. Lsaw him receive an open envelope, in
._that I had received one.” M
d_ctgot1¥¢..,~3tares:l at his informant ‘curiously,
ded"wh%_ther £5. take all (this as literally. true. or
, ,_ utt1aeic1eaxi.istr_aigh¢,£orvv:a;d. look, in. Dur1_and’s
\ ~ ' landhe said,‘ after .9. pause: 
 th‘e"inan-in  had also been

     

  
  

    

      
    
    
 

  
   
  

4,   t PP?“ *°“%°W.r*ha* .*f=«dk1.busx
7"9P.¢“t‘”.‘.     I i it I
H , ;:do=y'o,u’know€that?’’ .

ed‘ e, , and» watched, l1_im.\”‘-:‘

tue, \ V
 ’7 make f Gillie!‘ V

, ;‘n'a”i-ks“u.ponjthe
d ’_‘I.-»will'

    



e .“What then?” asked Nick. »

 to    stahdi for a 7
and then, greatly rainy astonishy .

g;_ontess that _ -I. was? 4

  

imtil he‘ ssedi 

Is

delivered the open envelope to him a little while be-
fore, step. forward quickly, and grasp this‘last one
from the hand of the man in brown.” ‘

 

CHAPTER VII.
JACK DURLAND, AIDVENVTURVER.

“Wait a moment,” said the detective. “Are you
positive that the man in brown was the same one whom
you saw attacked over near the corner of Twenty»
sixth Street and the avenue?” '

“Yes, sir.” . -

“You are sure there is no mistake?”

“Absolutely so.”

_ “Go on, please,» with your story.
ingly interesting.” i , ,

“The man in brown whirled upon the other, seized I ,
him by the wrist, and tore the envelope from his 
grasp instantly.” ’ _ 

“Well?” i ‘ 0 . ‘ t ‘*5

“I was standingquite near to them. I saw» some 3
thing drop from the hand of the man in brown, and
roll between the two; it was a piece of blue crayon.”

“Blue, this time,” said Nick, laughing. “There
seems to be diversity of color, here.” .. ..*.<,.-

“Yes, sir; but the blue chalk produced a strange I»
effect.” , '  I

“How so?” . e ‘ ‘ 

“As it rolled between the two men-between the
man in brown and the other, who had attempted to
steal the envelope from him and had failed—-the latter
was plainly surprised and nonplused by the incident,
He started .back, and gave a salute in a milita1'y._fa)ali'rV‘
ion, and seemed to apologize for what he had done?’
The man in brown returned the salute, and the two ..
Parted.” ‘ e .‘j v I ~ ii’ I
“Well,’what happened then?”  J V 
“The man in brown remained where the otlter. onev‘
had left him, thenhe stepped into a store,;or a ‘doors,
way nearyat -hand, but presently emerged again, and”,
returned to the same spot, evidently seekingpthe blue
crayon he had dropped. It was not there, asI"‘ W »
to know, because, having witnessed the effect_() ‘ 
I hadstepped forward in the interim’ and secumediit
If‘. I have it now in my possession.” . ’. = ‘“

1.

 

I I find it exceed-I f,

 

   
 
     
     
    

   
  
        
  
       
 

M2

  
      
  
    
   

. “Some particles of .the‘\blue chalk. had irernax "
uponthe pavement. T ese had beta giround-‘undert, V . .
feet of:;,passin’g people, and» had‘»made a blue '
upon"the”stonc-iﬂagging at just that point. .The,‘m _ p ‘
brown‘ stood -‘fora moment contemplating it, I

-he ‘did so,  approached and accosted by V

icwnoivaasusekay v¢i’1‘e.d3’:~. . I i s e

I  wens Ni‘ck- 
1 ' I elapmg a- niystery.:’’ ‘ ' '*

‘ .  _ 'W011£1¢1’€d .ahDﬂﬁ,i!§; 

3:

   
 
 

   
  
   

 

 
    

 

 lI.6 NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“The two conversed together for a moment or more,
and then moved down the avenue together. I followed
them, but at no time near enough to hear what they
said. I should judge, however, that they were not
acquainted, and that the blue mark upon the pave-
ment had sufﬁced for their introduction.”

“And you are still sure about the man in brown?”
asked Nick, more and more puzzled by the strange turn
that affairs were taking.

“I am absolutely positive about him, sir.”

“Please go on with your ’story.”

“I should say that I was more than ever interested
in the man in brown by now, and because of the triple
reason that he had used the white chalk as I had been
directed to do, then had made use of the red chalk,
which I knew nothing about, and ﬁnally had exposed

;; the blue chalk, which had, in its turn, produced such

a remarkable effect upon one man and one woman;

but even that was not all.”

“Well ?” '

“When the man in brown parted with the woman,
she appeared to me to ,have taken offense at something
he‘ had said, or at all events she did it with a gesture
of haughtiness which is unmistakable in a woman of
her type.”

“Just what _do you mean by ‘her type’ F” 4

“I mean that she was unmistakably a lady; that she
was not a woman of the streets, who would accost a
stranger without a well-deﬁned and thoroughly proper
reason for doing so.”

“Go on”

“She left him, as I have said, in a manner which
suggested offense on her part, or at least the desire to
rid herself of her companion. He stood watching
A her for a moment, and then retraced his steps again to

the statue, where he deliberately made marks in blue
it the north, east, west, and south points of compass of
the circular fence. He erased these marks as he made
them, and afterward walked to the edge of the narrow

 

 

liberately threw the chalk away.”
“Well?” said Nick, again.

'“I could not account for this. I was drawing
nearer, and had determined to speak to the‘ man, but
I sawtanother, whom I had not noticed before, leap
from a passing car, secure the blue chalk, approach
the man in brown, and deliver it to him. They held
» ashort conversation thereafter, which was brought
I *to1a close by the stranger leaping upon another passing
cat and riding away.” I

1  “What became of the man in brown?”

‘ l“’He stayed where he was for a few ‘moments, and
then walked through Fifty-ninth Street to ‘Fifth Ave-
 ‘down Fifth Avenue to Thirtieth Street ”
,3-‘,.‘»1YDu seem to have followed him?” '

'1‘; did, sir; I had determined to do so.”

ff.“And then—-——"

V ?,§‘l'¥¢’arriage was driving up to the entrancefof the
‘  ;  the man in brown approached it.
’ , ’-and a lady alighte/(L from the carriage.

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   

 

stone platform which surrounds the place, and de-

 

, u

The lady who got down was a perfect likeness of the
one with whom the man in brown had talked on
Eighth Avenue, although I recognized the fact that
notwithstanding the likeness between them, she was
not the same person.”

“Well? What then?”

“I think, sir, that the man in brown was impressed
by the same idea that I received, at ﬁrst; that the two
women were the same. But I think that he changed
that opinion, as I did, a moment later, for he shrugged
his shoulders and moved away, crossing Fifth Avenue
and passing through Thirtieth Street, and then Madi-
son Avenue, where he presently entered a house. I
jotted down in my memory the number of the house,
resolved to keep it in mind, and then I wandered down
to that bench in the park where you found me.”

“I am beginning to understand, now,” said the de-
tective.

“Then you are doing better than I can do myself,

for I confess that I do not in the least understand it.
I went to that bench in Madison Square because the
envelope I had received, as described, told me to be
at the corner of Twenty—sixth Street and Madison
Avenue at three—ﬁfte_en. I passed the corner, although
I did not stop. I saw a group of men, numbering ﬁve,
at the corner, and at once guessed that I was expected
to join them. I did not do so, however, but passed on,
and came across the street to the bench where you
found me. It was already occupied, but it supplied a
good point of vantage, and from it I could observe
that the group. at the corner never numbered more
than ﬁve, and never less than three while I sat there;
and that the personnel of the group, so formed, con-
stantly changed.” I

“How do you account for that?”

“I account for it by supposing that the men who
were directed to go there received some further in-
structions, probably to go somewhere else, from the
men they found there.”

“Very likely.”

“I have been interested in watching those proceed- .
ings all the afternoon, since I reached that bench, and
were it not for your happening along as you did, It
should have been there yet.”

“Possibly,” said Nick, “we would do well to re-
turn.” , __ .

“It seems so to me, Mr. Carter.” ~ '

They arose together, as with one impulse,5 and
strolled back again to the point where Nick and Dur-
land had met; but the bench was now unoccupied, the
two tramps having left it to dispose of the money they I
had received, and the corner opposite was also as-de- 
serted as it ever is. ,
. “There is nothing to be gained here,” said the de- 
tective. ,  -M.

“No, sir; I imagine not. Whatever it was 
brought those men here, and no matter how many of ‘ — ' 
them were to come, it is evident that the last one  
arrived and departed. I fear we are too late to obtain;
any 'mformat‘ion in this quarter.” ‘ , -  : “z "

 

    
 
 

\.

 .).,;:.r‘.

“Tell me more about the man in brown,” said Nick.

“What more, sir?”

“When hecame into the square, did you recognize
him as thesame one you had seen before?”

“Most certainly.”

“Did that fact interest 'you ?”

“Assuredlyf ’

“You had already determined, in your own mind,
that he was one of\the parties interested in the affair
with which you were supposed to be engaged, I take

* it ?”
“Yes, sir.”
 “Are you still of that opinion?”
I "“'I don’t know whether I am or not. There have
lbeen times, since I have conversed with you, when I
5'felt assured of it, and also ‘that you are mixed up with
it, somehow. But since‘ you have told me who you
aJ_e_______ss
. “You, have changed your mind, have you?”
“Yes; I.think I have.”
_ “It would seem,” said Nick, “as if the man in brown
were deliberately abducted from that spot over there
‘I "for some reason or other which we cannot now de-
" termine.” _
, t_ .“That is about the way I have ﬁgured it out, sir.”
  “Mr. Durland, the man in brown whom you have
 ‘described to me, and whose actions you so fortunately
,§Watched, is one ofmy assistants. His name is Pat-
*-“rick Garvan. Now, it is due to you that I should ex-
.‘ ' plain to you exactly my interest in this matter, in order
if/thattI may secure your help and assistance to as great
“’ u an extent as possible, for I foresee that if it is not
  late, and if your opportunity as afforded by the
"3 chalk is not already lost, you may be invaluable to
 ‘ . me.” '

 
   

 
 
  

 

 

  
    
  
   
     
  
  
     
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  

 

' for anything.” ,

 w~~“To begin with,” said Nick, “in passing along the
street over there, I picked up this silver match-box,
which belongs to Mr. Garvan.
highly. He is so particular about it that, having
 it and recognized’ it as his, and knowing, as I
_ do, that he would not readily part with it, I was /con-
 jvincedﬂon the instant that he was deprived of its pos-
~ ssion'in some unusualpmanner. Just how it was I
, ld not determine, for I had no means of doing so;
utwhen you told meaboutthe assault uponhim, I
lthpught I could see through the circumstance quite
ptainzy.-*’.   t    

‘Tell me how you considgred it, Mr. Carter.”

"‘ 0; .I~will tell you instead how I consider it now
the light of all you have told me.”

“Yes.” , i . V ,
 atsy,_,which ‘is a_ familiar name by. which I call

 

. assistant, was waiting‘ for me in an automobile;

ihépark entrance at Columbus Circle, at the time
 and others were making chalk,-marks on the
A .He must have noticed. those proceedings, and

  _     ‘incidentsyou

'for the third time:

 . -.-‘'Very well, Mr. Carter. As I said before, I am ripe 1

He treasures it very .

..-.. ,i;uterested by them. ' He musthave deter-, A
A would be a prime factor in the beginning of 

-_ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. :7

have described to me were brought about. Nbw, it
is evident to me that the white, the red, and the blue
chalk—marks each held its own meaning, and that when
he displayed the blue crayon he somehow betrayed
himself to others who were watching as not being
what he appeared to be. For that reason, he got him-
self disliked, to make use of a common phrase, and,
therefore, when presently he left Columbus Circle and
passed through Fifty-ninth Street and down Fifth
Avenue, as you have described, others followed him
as .well as you. They must have tracked him to his
home, for that address which you took down so care-
fully is myhouse, and he lives there with me. Some-
what later a message written on blue paper was left
at my door for him. I do not know what the message
contained, but after reading it. he went out of the.
house. \Vhen I came out I had no idea where he had
gone or that anything had happened to him. I was
not searching for him, or attempting to follow him,
because I had no reason for doing so, and no method
by which it could have been done had I possessed one.
The discovery of the ma't‘ch—box was the first indica-
tion I received that anything had happened to him.
The rest you know. Now, sir, what I would like to
have you do is this: I would like to have you proceed
with that chalk-mark business, if we can ﬁgure out
a way for you to do it, in order that we may both de-
termine what it leads to.” .
“You may command me, Mr. Carter. I will repeat
Jacki Durland is ripe for any-
thing.” '

 

0

CHAPTER VIII.
THE MAN FOR THE PLACE.

The reader has already assumed that Nick Carter.
had not failed to associate this mystery of the colored
chalks with the matter we have heard him discuss with
Patsy's wife, Adelina. ‘

tOf course there was no proof that the idea was a
correct one, and yet the conditions ‘and circumstances ,

seemed to ﬁt together so well and so perfectly as to

leave almost no doubt in the mind of the detective that.
Patsy had unwittingly stumbled upon the very. thing
which he would himself have been searching for by
this time; and that he had, also, through his meeting
with Durland, met with the same lucky circumstance. '

If the conspiracy were organized as it had been
outlined to him, and if representatives of the South ‘
American revolutionists were in the City of New York,
plotting and planning for the ultimate overthrow of
the republics of that portion of the world, it seemed
more than likely to Nick Carter that they would /go -\g:§
about the organization of their affairs as secret’lyas 
possible, and might resort to some such means as that
described by Durland in accomplishing their ends. , I

The enlistment of a great body of adventurousmen, I’

  
 
 

 "18"

actual proceedings, and just such characters as this
Jack Durland seemed to be would form the most
available timber from which the revolutionists would
draw their human supplies.

But it seemed almost too late to make good use of
Durland's instrumentality in the affair, since he had
failed to keep the appointment made through the
medium of the mark of the white chalk. He had not
reported himself at the corner, although he had passed
it in full view-of the others who were sent there, and
possibly, therefore, in view of one or more of them
who had sent him.

If it were not too late, if Durland could by some

yrneans still attract the attention of those who had
' sought him, and if he might yet join with the in-
triguers and so learn something of their plans, it would
not only develop into a certainty the mystery concern-
ing Patsy’s disappearance, but it would go a long way
 toward aiding Nick Carter in the undertaking he had
”' V adopted on behalf of the emissaries of the South
, American governments, as they at present existed.
 f Time had ﬂown during this lengthy -interval, where-
in the detective had been engaged ﬁrst in conversation
., with the two tramps and then’ in the interview with
_ ,.g]Z‘)urland, as we have described it.
 It was now approaching ﬁve o'clock in the after-
noon, and since Nick Carter and Durland returned to
the bench where the detective had ﬁrst discovered the
 "fadventurer, there had been no sign at or near the
; opposite, corner of street and avenue of the men of the
white chalk. as Nick Carter chose mentally to refer
to them. ‘
z..- ﬂu felt that if he had read the signs correctly; if he
.‘outlined the possible predicament in which Patsy
Was involved truthfully, no time should be lost in fol-
I lowing u the small clue ‘he had obtained, andin lib-
C erating atsy from any difficulty in which he might
; have,become involved. ~
‘And yet there was no apprjeciable way in which to
.. . A '; every ' clue the detective possessed, although
, tag£11lIECd gh'in itself, was uttenly intangible so far

   

 
  
  
   
   
  
  
        
  

, e i te results were. concerned-——and an im-
mediateazesult was what Nick Carter most desired. .
Hebethotight him, then, of the errand upon which
  Adelina, and also of Durland's description
,  two women he,had seen—-the one whom Patsy

‘met on Eighth Avenue and the other one who
’  the. carriage at theentrance to the Holland

  

-asked‘ himself if it lwereinot possible that these
the» sisters to whom Adelina hafd referred, the
tefs of Jose (_Iarerra,_.m_aster conspirator of them
«ijevolutionist, and all that goes with the word in
iAn_veri¢a»  -  " I1  . '

 to hi__tn3more than ,likely} that if his theories
. ' logica1,_Adelina would be the one who"

 
 

   

  

~ I  ..clu€i to he. uséd . in.‘ the we :.

 ’ Nftk 

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

were approached ‘regarding this matter, in the first
place.”

“I don't know that it would be correct to say that I
had been approached. at all,” replied Durland, smiling.-

“How»was the subject ﬁrst brought to your atten-
tion 3”

“In a manner that might be described as purely
accidental, sir, although I have since thought that it
was not so.” A,

“There can be no doubt about that; nothing of the
kind is ever accidental, Mr. Durland. You may be
assured that before you were approached on the sub-
ject, before you were asked to go to Columbus Circle
and make the chalk-marks, your worth had been thor-
oughly estimated by. the people who desired to use
you.” .

“Oh, yes, I feel assured of that.”

“When was the ﬁrst intimation of this affair made
to you?” -

“In a down-town barroom some time ago.”

“How was it made?”

“It was suggested to me by a person who had invited
me, to drink with him.” '

-“How was the suggestion made?”

Durland was silent for a moment, then he replied:

“As I recall thecircumstance, the man first asked
me if I had ever had military experience. I replied
in the negative, whereupon he wished to know if.I
thought such a life would hold any attractions for me.

I don't remember just what reply I made to that, but ~
our conversation gradually drifted from one section of ‘ ‘
the globe to another, until presently it became localized

in, South America.” "

“Yes,” said Nick.
up to that.” ,

“Very likely.” I _

"What then, Mr. Durland ?” ,_‘ 

"I remember that the man—I have no idea What_his_’ 
name was, and if he told it to me I have forgotten it; 7 7%,
~——made the statement that he had undergone consid-_‘_‘ -:3"
erable experience in various South American conir-‘—. 
tries, and .he suggested, or asserted, that it wa_s.the_ 2,
best place in all the world for an adventurous manta gP_.‘.=
go to. He spoke of several of the countries  ‘glibly 
as if he were thoroughly familiar with them, their 
characteristics, and their people, and suggested that
fortunes might be made easily enough in more waf
than one if ,a man were only familiar with the tan,‘-
guag(e and was nota coward in spirit or physique.” ”

CS  ?li - ‘ I g

“I grasped at the idea;'it appealed to me. I _
him that I would not hesitate to go to any portiqn V
the globe whatever, if only it held out promises
excitement, adventure, and gain.” , _  1 "

“Well?” , ' ' I.

‘"W'e parted after mutual expressions of’ regal
I am sure that We did’ not e:;change.namesv; °
lessto say thaiwe had‘n6fcards." T.  '
Durland. wmigaea 

“I understand. pl: was leading pLl:.__._,

    
    
      
  

   
    
     
      
     
    
   

  

   

     
 

   

 JAM

 

vicinity of Union Square, and once more he invited
_, me to drink with him.‘ We entered a resort at the
»corner of University Place, where a luncheon is served
to the customers, and while we ate and drank we
talked.”
“On the same subject?”
;“Yes, sir ;'on the same subject.”
“Then it is not necessary to repeat the particulars
of it.” '

, ‘_‘No; that is unnecessary. The subject-matter of
' our talk was relatively the same as before; but it ended
on that occasion with a suggestion from him which has
brought about this present conversation.”

’7>“‘Now please tell me exactly what he said.”

L’, “I remember that when he left the table he turned
~ “to me and placed one of his hands on my shoulder;

‘then. he ‘said : _

,3  “ ‘If you are of the same mind, and in the same

 mood, on the twenty-fourth of June, purchase a piece

3 - of white chalk during the morning of that day, and
“ ; do with it as I shall now suggest to you.’
~, I ~. “Then it was, Mr. Carter, that he gave me the
 speciﬁc directions which I followed to—day; the direc-
E; I tions which led me to go to Columbus Circle prepared
 t§’carry out his instructions. You know the rest as
'‘ well as I do.”*

, "Was no more said on the subject between you at

that time?” asked Nick. '

I  “By me there was; by him there was nothing deﬁ-
nite. I ‘remember that I asked him many questions, all
of which he either smilingly refused to answer, or
alioutwhich he professed entire ignorance. I asked
him where he got his information, and what would
I-come -of it if I did as he suggested, and received no
;7§atisfaction whatever.”

“.‘,‘What was your impression at the time?” o
“I regarded it all as a hoax; or as a joke. I think
sdetertnined that the man, was attempting only to
  upon my credulity; and yet, if that were so, I
coiildinot understand why he should apparently have
me, and why he should 'spend his money in

ycliasing food and drink.” ‘ ' -

I “And then?” asked Nick.

I Q1.‘-"That is all.”

£5 Altai,’

   
    

 

  
   
    
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
 
  
  

ave you never seen thle man since that time?”

0‘)? ' _

. ld‘ you know him if you should see him
9 .

A he impress you on either
‘:;him as wearing any sort of disguise? I mean
Wasghe other than quite natural in his appear‘-
, anor. conduct, voice, and gesture?”
nothing about ‘him to suggest such an idea,
_.,, , , ,

‘ ’ ; ,.y¢u’iiav€ just asserted positively thatif
  again you would recognize

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

of the occasions whens
‘ you with one hundred dollars.

 wish you to_ go to the Ho’l1and.House'-’ and 1  V g _

.19

“Yes.”

“Now, as a detective who regards that sort of
qua1iﬁcation——the ability of recognizing a person a
second time—from a scientiﬁc viewpoint, I want to
know why you so thoroughly believe that you would
recognize him? I ask you this because I wish to
understand what feature, if any, or what expression,
or mannerism, you depend upon as a basis for such
an ability on your part.”

“I understand,” replied Durland, smiling. “There
are two things about a man which I always notice with
my eyes; two things about a man which I take note of
with my ears, and one thing about a man which is
derived from another sense, and which rarely fails
me; you will laugh when I tell it to you.”

“You may describe all of them to me, if you please,”
said Nick:

“I look at the expression of the man’s eyes and at
his manner of using them, and I notice particularly
his teeth. I listen carefully to a man’s speaking voice,
with its several intonations and cadences, and I listen,
also, for the sound of his footfalls when he walks,
getting the time and rhythm of them thoroughly in my
head. I am also as keen of scent as a hound on the
trail, and about every person who lives there is an un-
mistakable individual odor which I have never yet
failed to recognize a second time.”

“It is quite remarkable,” said Nick, smiling.
are an observant person, Mr. Durland.”

“I have found it exceedingly useful.”

“So you think you would know this man if you
came in contact with him a second time, even should
he be disguised?”

“I do.” 

“Durland, do you know where the Holland House
is located in this city?”

“I do, sir; I lived there six months once; but I was
better ﬁxed then than I am now.”

“Would you be willing,to accept suﬂicient funds
from me to dress yourself up fairly well, to supply
yourself with some hand-baggage and other necessar~
ies, and to go for a few days to stop at the Holland
House, at my expense?”

“I can see no objections to that, Mr. Carter.”

“Would you consider yourself in myvemploy during-,3
that. time, and faithfully report to me everything which 
mightbe of interest?” ' — 1 

“You

ll

:2. i.......;  :::;”iI,f..3,i 

“I would.” _ _ '. l I 

“Even if it involved this matter of the‘ chalk-marks! ‘».»
and the men who are associated with them?” ,5‘

“Certainly.” I ' ' ; ‘ I“ 

“You would need no assistance from me in ﬁtting
yourself out for this duty, would you?”

“No, sir.” }

“Very well, listen to me now. I am about to entrust
VVith' that’ hundred
dollars I wish you to provide yourself with a suit of
clothes and everything that goes with it to render-,yo’u I
oentirely respectable in appearance and otherwise; 

I

 

 
      
   
      
  

  

   
 
 

  
      

 
 

 20-

there, securing a room which you will retain until
further orders; I-wish you while there to pay particu-
lar attention to a certain Peruvian and his wife, named
respectively Jose and Mercedes Carerra, and to their
daughters Carmen and Emilia. I wish to know what-
ever you can ﬁnd out about them, for I have an idea
that if there is a conspiracy afoot of the kind suggested
by the chalk-marks, Don José Carerra will know some-
thing conceming it. Do (you, by any chance, speak
Spanish?” .

“I do. That was one of the reasons why the
stranger was particularly interested in me.”

:1 A’ “Better and better. It is needless to add to my list

of instructions that while you are at the Holland
Houseas a guest, you will observe closely all persons
who call upon Carerra, with the idea that the man who
suggested the chalk-marks to you may be among
mm’!
“I understand, Mr. Carter.”
“Then here is your hundred dollars. Take it and
,; g go, and do as I have directed. It may impress you as
"f _ unusual that I should trust a stranger as far as I ap
. pear to trust you, Mr. Durland, but I am a close reader
' of -character, and until you have proved otherwise, I
shall believe that I have made no mistake.”

 

 

CHAPTER IX.

    

WHAT ADELINA DISCOVEREW.

 Although Nick Cart had proceeded, during the
 of Durlan ,' as if he were certain‘ that
 had mysteriously disappeared, he was by no
 meanssure of it. There wasalways the chance that
the young detective might have dropped his match-box
; j ~being conscious of the fact, and there were
’  reasons why it was more tenable to suppose that
' "conjectures about him ‘were without real founda-
 that he had gotten into serious trouble.
iinlywior the story of the three men, and particu-
.3y?Durland's part of it, to the effect that Patsy had
 attacked in the open door of the hack, Nick
  been inclined to dismiss that part of the
, 'et‘:t as of insuﬁicient importance to claim his at-
but as it was, and taken in conjunctionwith
 already felt in some stupendous con-
that was afoot, he believed that chance had
 3 » into his way, the explanation of the remark-
£359  had been given him by the _emissa«ries of
' _M,‘Amer'ican republics; - ‘ '
 fhegleft Dtzrland he returned at once to his own
‘  I  had had sufficient time in
call ._at Yithe Holland’ iﬂouse, and
End that she -had,’ returned.
en; ':A3de1ina,iw

  
   

  

  
  

  
   

  
 
 

  
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Well,” he said, turning to face her as soon aslthe
door was closed. “Did you make the call, Adelina?”
“I did.” -

“Upon the two young ladies?”

“Yes.” '

“I have picked up some information concerning
them since I went 'out—-enough to make me think that
your ideas about them were doubtless correct.”

“I think there can be no doubt of it,” replied Ade-
lina. A

It must be remembered that Adelina as yet had no .-
knowledge of what had befallen Patsy, and Nick 
paused for a moment while he considered whether it‘
would be wise to tell her of the information he had ‘
in his possession. A H

Second thought determined- him not to do so
present moment. 4 ‘ '

“Tell me what was said, and what you did, while
you were there,” he said to her. . “Tell me of the con- .
versation you had with the members of that family,
which I am to suppose is concerned with the case I ' V
have in hand.” -.' I f

Adelina shrugged her shoulders, after the manner 
of her countrymen, and smiled brightly, as she re- l
plied: ‘ i “

‘(There is no possibility of discovering anything I
from what those people do and say. They are like so
many sphinxes; and Don José, the father, is the mas- _,7.
ter sphinx of all.” ' . _ ~ 7 5;

“Well?” said Nick. A ’  

“I‘had no difficulty in obtaining the information‘? 
that the daughters were at the hotel with Don José and 
his wife. I sent my card to Carmen, but I took  .
precaution to make use of one of the cards that were _
from a plate of mine made before‘ I married Patsy.
My name“ must have been recognized instantly;
presently a message came that I was to go up.  T
father, mother, and daughters occupy a suite of 
ﬁt for royalty, and I must say that I was lieceifv‘ p
most graciously. As an excuse for my call"I told
them that I had noticed their names and 
Don Jose’ from hearing my father speak of himiirel-3
quently. I saidhthat I had always wanted to‘  
the young ladies, and considered this a   »r—
tunity to do so, because they were doubtlas st" ‘ l 
in the city, and I would be glad to tender then: 
courtesies in my power.”‘  ' - ‘ ’ I ‘VI.

“Excellent 1%’ said the.deteetive:¥ "G3: oul’..’= __
‘That isthex  part of it.,”  ‘ ’
 ﬂotﬁiﬁt *9".-£0 . 
‘ E  in 

atthe

 
     
     
 
        
   
 
  
  

  
   
  
    
       
  
   
     
    
      
     

  

 i

  

-3:1‘ the call. They appeared deeply grateful that I had
 ‘taken the trouble to go to them; announced that they
  were more or less well acquainted in the city, but were
 , .‘n__one the less glad to make my acquaintance. I man-
 aged to direct the conversation to South American
 ipolitics, but at no time during my. visit there could I
  anything that was said or done which would
5‘ ‘lead one to suppose that the Carerras are here for
any other reason than appears on the surface. But,
“Nick,” and she bent nearer to him as she continued,
“it, is because of the very appearance of frankness,
1 ,, V the suggestion of openness about them, that I feel
the more assured that those people are at the head and
from of the affair you have mentioned.” I '

, ];“Wait a moment,” said the detective. “I gather
15 In what you‘ have said, Adelina, ,that no words
I used during your call there which-would indicate
_tja.1;y"one of the party was engaged in any sort of
 at all.” . ‘

 is correct,” she said, smiling.

fAnd also that you saw no action, or deed, on the
" of any of the four which would lead to such a

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
    
 
   
    
    
     
 
     

did not.” ' - \ x

i 0

‘Then I;must ask you‘a question or two biased upon

youwere present there?”

 particularly notice the character and con-
the room ?”~ , e
"’ she replied. .“I always do that since I have
 ofithis family of detectives’? And she
ski.’ My jat»him- . l . s s
 a desk in the-room?" ii .
5%»; _i ,a.. ‘, pretty one, indeed. At sleast 

  to  the stationery uponfthat

  

> :

 rép1_icd,i_n some surprise-—i
cola was it?” Av I‘

  
  

particular‘ notieeypf it. On the right

'there..was a compartment ﬁlled with

 
    
 
  
 

.  ’whic_h contained merely

   

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

D ‘VI don't think so. If there was I do not know”

'  three colors‘. I think it was that which

' ithatzwerdpalnxost sky-blue. Be-I

; the sideeofi

'21.

“Good!” said Nick. “Excellent! We are getting.
at it now. You have just said that no message was
brought to that room while‘ you were there, so let me
ask you if one was sent from it P”

“No; there were no messages of any kind that came .
or went from the place while I was there. I am sure
that I do not know what you mean by those ques-
tions.”

“It isn't necessary that you should, my dear. You
have just now stated that in making the caﬂl upon
them, you gave your maiden name.”

“Yes; I did.” i

“Let me ask you it‘, while you were there, you in-
formed them of your married name?”

“Certainly I did; I also gave them my address, and ‘ i i
the young ladies are to return my call upon them.” ‘

iNick left the chair against which he had been lean-
ing. ‘

“I don’t think it is likely that they will call upon--

. you, Adelina; and yet they may do so,” he said.-

“While it“may seem to you that you have accomplished
nothing in making the call you did upon the Carerras, I
yet you have accomplished much, and you have done so 7 _,
only because you took notice of the blue, the red, and V .5,
the white stationery on the desk in that room. It is r '
that which convinces me that the Carerras are the
peﬁile I seek. And now,‘Adelina, I wonder if, among
the articles there, scattered about or otherwise, you
noticed such a. thing as a piece of crayon, or chalk?”
Patsy’s wife burst out laughing, but at the same V s
time her face showed an expression of astonishment':'*‘~"‘ 
and she exiclaimed: - n _
“You are sometimes uncanny in the way you get  
mysterious knowledge. Now, who in the world would I, V
have supposed that you could guess that there were '.,., 
loose bits of crayon, or chalk, whichever you please to ‘ ‘
call‘ it, lying about a sumptuously furnishedparlor 
theﬁnest suite of rooms in the Holland House?’ T  *
“I guessed it,” said Nick; “that is, if you did 53¢“
such things there.” _ A g  
“I did see such things there, and I remarked 
it. But before I tell you about it, I wish you 

 

  

  

tell me how inthe world you guessed it.” . . g
“No,” said Nick." “We will not talee the tins;-.'to:.e$‘
that. ‘Tell me what was said about the crayon.=”  V
“Why, when I entered’ the rootn. there was a.!ijp;e
  white, and blueesticks of it,’ _  
like  ttiat'ar’e used by ¢hildren‘in,sel;s;ools~ 

  
   
 
 

 

    

3,,

  

'22.

such a place interested me because of its incongruity,
and I crossed toward it at once, managing to do so
without the attempt on my part seeming forced; and
while I talked with them I picked up one of the pieces
of crayon; but I put it back in the box without»com-
' ment and crossed to a chair that had been assigned to
me. Carmen Carerra closed the box at once, and came
. and seated herself beside me, and I said:
“ ‘Are you studying art with colored crayons?’ and
she replied: ,
T, “ ‘Yes,’ and at once changed the subject.”
If “You have discovered all I wished to know regard-
ing that point,” said the detective, “and I am very

I will call upon the Carerras myself.”
“Where is Patsy?” asked Adelina; and Nick, who
had started to leave the room, turned toward her.
‘fAdelina,” he said, “I was not going to tell you
about it just yet, for I did not think it necessary. But
W I have learned this afternoon that Patsy ran afoul of
,. those conspirators to—day in some manner, stand that
 they have turned upon him. Patsy has disappeared,
I and I think, my dear, that he is now being held a.
prisoner somewhere by Qrdet of that same family of
Carerras upon whom you called this afterrioon.”
 “What?” exclaimed Adelina, starting to her feet.
 -“I do not think he is in any danger, Adelina, ad
tyotl must rest assured that I shall lose no time in ﬁnd-
‘out what has become of him,” replied the detective.
‘But that he is in the power of the Carerras I am cer-
tain. What reason they may have had for attacking
by hifn, or what disposition they propose to make of him,
 do not know any more than you do.”

 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
   
    
   
    
   
 
  

 

I *1  .  CHAPTER X. p

 . [IN THE POWER or A WOMAN.

5“ ,. ¥:’But Nick Carter did not go to the Holland Hoiise
that night. . '

A The affair of the supposed conspiracy took on a new
 the moment he set foot out of doors after
‘ dinner that evening’. .‘ V
Before his departure he had some further conversa-

  

éftt  she remained for a. long time alone in the

in the search for her husband; for, like Nick
 had no doubt that Patsy,,h‘aving learned
i3tfor- his own  regarding the plottings

 
     
   
  
 

     

      

glad that I sent you there. I think, this evening, that

‘With. Adelina, and with the result that when he '

’ sthinlcing deeply upon, what she would do to».

fallen into. 1their‘  evening. _

NEW NICK CARTER WEEICLY.

power; and she knew only too well the people of the
South American countries who hold political afhlia-
tions among the highest of their duties; and whether
they be rebels against their government or not, they
invariably regard themselves as patriots.

If Patsy stood in the way of the accomplishment
of the designs of these people, they would not hesitate .
to put him out of it by any summary means that hap—
pened to be most available.

But of Adelina’s conduct after she received the in-
formation which Nick gave her, more will appear . .
later; we have, for the present, only to do with the
detective’s experiences that night.

It was only a short walk from his house to the hotel
he sought, and the distance might be covered in a few
moments.

As he left his front steps and turned in the direction
he desired to go, he saw several men apparently en-
gaged in conversation, standing near the curb in front
of the house adjoining his own. One. man was seated
under the steering—wheel of an automobile, which had «
been drawn up against the curb, and the others were
grouped around” him, while they all seemed to be dis-
cussing animatedly some topig which ‘deeply interested
them. I up

Nick gave them only a cursory glance, for his mind
was intent upon the purpose of his errand, and. he
scarcely noticed them more than to observe their pres- 
ence and their apparent occupation. I ~ 4‘

The course he took required that he should pass
them, -and as he started to do so, he paid no attention ’.
to the fact that the compactness of the groupsuddenlyi «
ceased; that the men spread out, and if Nick had been 
asked to state what they were doing, which, as a mat- 
ter of fact, he did not consider at the time, he would 3
have supposed that the group was breaking up, andnief
that the men were merely taking leave of the one who.‘

I occupied the front seat of the automobile. “ ~

‘It was one of the moments of inadvertence on the 
part of the detective; one of the times when a critic?
might have said that he wascaréless; but, on the other’?
hand, it must be remembered that there was no "Q:
thought in his mind, even remotely, of any attack upo 
himself or against his own person. , _  A .

In.ste,pping forward, as the group disintegrated, 
had to pass between two of the men on one side.-50f"
him and the remaining members of the group attlwg
other side. ‘  K

He did so withoiit turning his head, and wi
resultlthat was decidedly disastrous to 

 

  
  
   

f

 

    
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
     
   
  
   
     
    
  
     
     

‘ i No sooner had he stepped within reach of them than
one of the men swung an implement that he‘ had held
f * concealed beneath his - coat. It struck Nick Carter

phat-brim, and as he pitched forward, propelled by the
g;Vfot“<‘:'e’of the stunning blow, a second one was delivered
 the same manner by a man on the other side of him,
and he fell to his knees and would have gone prostrate
 the pavement had not a third man grasped him and
held him; ~
 As it was, while not entirely unconscious, Nick was
soiclazed and stunned by the result of the attack, that
 a moment he was helpless in the hands of the sev-
 men who had apparently been waiting for him,
_ They acted as if their plans had been cal‘-efully
tudied; and prearranged, and no sooner had the de-
lihctivelfallen forward than he was seized and lifted
6 arms‘ of the men who had captured him, borne to
‘utoinobile, and deposited inside the tonneau, into
the several men crowded after him, some of
p‘ holding him down prone upon the bottom of the
in . \while the others bound him ﬁrmly with ropes"
Te ‘  brought for the purpose. A
 the same ime the man under the wheel started
’b§ie.xnachi1ie forward and sped away along the avenue
V‘; fefnorthward, being soon lost to view from the
ini ’ “of Nick Carter's house. I
V had ﬁlled a large place in the ‘actions of these
wlmszttacked Nick Carter, for it had so happened
 of the assault no person, not even a
.,was near enough to see and to understand.
r f?=§1%in:: pla¢=- ,‘ .
_ etective. did not entirely lose consciousness.
‘ xilxjnlyaxvaresof what had happened to him, al-.
, ,.h9,oondi1ion to resentit physically, and of
;,d in the rrxatter‘ save that he had fallen
V  $01_n°;0f his many enemies.
 otneht:*<he_did  connect them with the
" ' -«that “was afoot. or with the mystery that

 

  

     
     
 
   
     
  

‘case against the South American“revolu—
re  be? treated ;with the same sort of
L tpnefeels for ,ordinary'crim‘inals,( » '

 
 

N " is , agmnbgndings’ gradually returned to

hegwais so : bound_fthat ‘ﬁe-
  ss‘ of mind gradually

     
      
   

 
   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 

“fairly against the back of his head, just beneath his

. taken in his -thought that he was in a well 

. ed'.l?atsy,‘_but he was speedily to discover that
l riéeuegainst Whom he had pitted himself  la(:~‘ r

N part of the city. 4 ‘
hi »‘ sjsed northward, N1icl<’.'C_arter,’s an»

 the‘ rustle oft: woman’: gown, .,arrd;; _
'standing hisweondition, he started, xvomleriug 3 p 

 
   

23 i‘

after a drive which lasted approximately thirty min-
utes, asnearly as Nick could estimate it, he was in full
possession of his mental faculties, if not of his muscu-
lar forces. | 3

But the men had taken another precaution during
that ride by binding Nick’s eyes ﬁrmly with a bandage,
so that when presently he was lifted from the car, and
borne across a pavement and up a ﬂight of several
stone steps, ﬁnally passing through a doorwayinto a
house, he had no idea what the destination might be
at which they had arrived. V

He remembered that the automobile had been headed
north while it stood against the curb nearly in front‘
of his own house, but immediately after the two blows
he received his mind had been too dazed to remember
what direction the machine had taken after it was
started. .

He heard the door close behind them, and then h
knew that he was carried through a hallway into 9.
room at the rear of the building, and he was conscious‘
of the fact that the men who carried him trodupon a
soft and yie ding carpet, or rug, while the atmosphere
around him suggested to his mind the interior of, a. W
well furnished, and possibly sumptuously appointed,’ L
house. '

Not one of his captors uttered a word during all

,\_ ‘git;-5;, 

, this time. They proceeded in utter silence, as if every

move they made had been carefully thought out be-
forehand; and presently Nick was deposited upon an
upholstered chair, and while he waited for some futhjer ,
act on the part of the men who had taken him .ther¢‘,4’ ' 
he was conscious only of their retreating footfallstl ' 
Then a door near him closed softly, and he realizedi ’
that he wasialone, bound, blindfolded, and helpless.
He wondered at the strange proceedings. He could. .
move his feet about him on the carpet, and that actio'n,f. 1 .5
together with the feeling of the chair upon» which he} 
was seated, convinced him that he had not beex;_,;:;‘;i‘;,,

   

  

house, doubtless situated ‘somewhere in the n_c;qrtl"t‘érr1i"‘~i.‘

Five minutes or more passed in this‘ manner, 
he was beginning to wonder what would'»happen,*ne;¢§‘,
or if he had been left there’ in that condition 
nitely, when he became conscious of _.the presence at ‘’
apersoninear him a A  :  '  ’
I {His first idea of it came with .4: sound whie

    

-s-‘Y

  med ms. t

 24

Presently he became assured of it, for he felt the
touch of soft and delicate ﬁngers upon his head, as a
hand was gently passed across his forehead, around
to where the blows had struck him; and then a soft and

‘ melodious voice inquired, in a tone that was almost a
whisper:

“Does your head hurt very badly ?’7

Thestart of surprise which came to Nick Carter at
hearing this question, delivered in the melodious femi-
nine voice, effectuallydispelled, for the moment, the
pains in his head, which were the result of the blows

“he had received; but he replied:

“My head aches somewhat, quite naturally; I think

‘I"»would.be glad if you would remove the bandage
from my eyes.” q_

Without replying in words, the woman’s ﬁngers at
once busied themselves with the knot, which at ﬁrst
resisted her efforts, so securely had it been tied; but
presently the bandage fell away from his eyes, and he
stared about him in amazement, seeing nothing of her
who had restored his sight to him, but taking in the

 .,ch3racter of the room in which he was a prisoner with
I one comprehensive glance.

The owner of that mansion, for such he instantly
decided the house to be, might have been a millionaire,
if the character of the furnishings were to be consid-
 The woman who had‘ removed the bandage

‘ ,f.Hom his eyes remained behind him, however, out of

V
'-

, He would have turned his head to discover her had

   

she: not at that instant passed around the chair and —

» stood squarely infront of him, looking down upon
I  with brilliant and glowing eyes, that now seemed
 tobe ‘ﬁlled with pity for his conditionl ‘

‘.7  With one guess Nick Carter leaped at a conclusion;

it was that he was in thevpresence of one of the Car-
fl  sisters, though which one it was, Carmen or
   ' She had no means of determining. '

 
      
 

 

CHAPTER XI.
-A PossIi3'L'r. EMPRESS.

Carerra, for she it was, had addressed the
M ' ’. e in English, but because of a whim which
suddenly came to him, he chose to speak to her in the\
 language, knowing that it was her native
pf A V J and having no doubt that she would prefer to

‘fSeﬁorita,” he said, “will you be good enoughv to
" Qwliy-*1 am here?” a 7 , 

I

 

    

‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

For a moment after he asked the question she re-
garded him in silence; then she said, and she spoke
slowly: . ‘V -

“I am very glad that you have asked that question,
seﬁor, because it saves me unnecessary preamble in
what I have to say to you. You are here because it is
necessary that your activities against the people whom
I now represent rnustacease.”

“I am not aware that I have lately indulged in any
activities, as you call them, against any set of people,”
replied the detective, smiling.

She shrugged her pretty shoulders.

“We need not beat about the bush,” she told him.
“That would be folly on both sides.”

“I quite agree with you, seﬁorita.”

“Very well, then. You are Nick Carter, a detective.
Lately you were approached by a man who told you
that he represented the governments of several South

"American countries, and that he had been sent. here

to engage your servicessin a matter which related to
a supposed conspiracy, designed to upset those exist-
ing governments, and eventually to bring about the
greatest and most far-reaching revolution of the‘ .
century, or of any other century. You follow me,
senor P”

“Perfectly.”

“I am correct in my statement?” I,

“I may as well admit that you are. But as yet ' ” “

“Pardon me. Youiwere about to say that as yet I
you have done nothing in that matter, and would have
suggested that in bringing you here, as we have done,
we have anticipated what may prove to be unnecessary‘ 

incidents.” _ . ‘

 

“Precisely. I see you are a mind-reader——asl well- ,1
as other things.” . ' M
“You would have told the semblance of an untruth .— 
in the ﬁrst part of that statement, Senor Carter, for?“
already one of your assistants has taken an active part, “
indeed, in our affairs. Seﬁor Garvan has made him-'‘_.
self obnoxious to our interests. His wife, formerly _
of South America herself, has also done so, Only a"_"
few hours ago she called upon my family, at a hotel 
in the city, and her purpose in making that call was 
to—-but why- need I parﬁcularize? You know what,"
the purpose 'of that visit was.’{ . ( _i;j
.“Yes. And now I am wondering how you knew it,,,,:;;: 5
seﬁorita.” . ‘ 1 t  
“We are in position where it is imperaﬁve that  
should know things. It is a necessary, part of the
ditions by which we are surround .” _ - i g E .

I .

     

  
  
  
   
  

“Indeed,” said Nick.

. “Before she madeithat call, her husband had already
 busied himself with our affairs. Having done so, it
.;was necessary that he should take the consequences.
..Wei were already aware of the fact that you had been
 approached by those who are inimical to us. We could
e not permit things to go on as they had started. The
man you call Patsy came upon some information by
, accident; but he chose to meddle with what did not
"concern him. He was warne\d, but the warning only
V whetted ‘his appetite for mysteries. Therefore, he
 put where he could do no more harm. You un-
derstand ?” '

H’  .‘-‘I seem to catch the drift of your statements; yes."

 

 
 
  
  
   
 
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
    
 
     
      
 

«: - U . .
-,1 “Mr. Carter, we are prepared to make a bargain WllCl’l

ybp"’she_said, after a short pause, reverting to Eng-
, again. ,

es?” he replied to her.

‘;§ou are not personally interested in the affairs of
ﬁnuth America, are you?”
I l“~No.”
. ..‘»‘V.V'.ha_t those countries down there do, or choose not
7do,’i_s no concern of yours, is it?” ' '
‘fin one sense-—no.”
“Then why not leave them alone?”
,"II-have not done otherwise, asyet.”
; ‘fBut you wefe already beginning to do otherwise,

you not?’ ' ‘

"-»“-Iglow so?”
ﬁﬂkailflyou assure me that ,when you left yoiir own
.. ‘ t;Q-night, you were not bound upon an_ errand
;had';for its object the discovery of the origina~
sofa so-called revolutionany conspiracy in. South

4 .

l ,
2. V 1; I , v .
you deny that you have been retained by a
sen ‘tive, of ‘South American!’ countries to per-
’ ‘,services for t__hem?’! V . l

atme,‘Mr. Carter”

ygword, seﬁoritai, I‘ have done nothing else
, ‘stood before me.” ’

I if» ‘impress you -as one who would enter idly
ﬂrtxndertaking’ as stupendous as the conspirac
” asked to put an end to?” r ‘
 as’ am determined ‘young woman,
slrhiitzryou mean. A ,I have no doubt that once

i. "

 

 

  

 
  

rybgidb .¢:msi'der. triﬂes in carrying

   
 

 i  upon the? accomplishment’ of ,a-

.‘.

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' 25

“You may be well assured of that, sir.”

“VV ell ?”

“I told you a moment ago that we were prepared to
make a bargain with you.” '

“Yes.”

“I can state it in one sentence.”

“I am ready to hear it.”

“If you will take oath to me, on your Word of
honor, that you will have nothing further to_ do with
the conspiracy which now interests you; that you will
not take any part, active or passive, during the next
two years, with anything that concerns, even remotely,
the South American governments, or any one of them,
you shall be set at liberty at once, and if you will make
the same promise in the name of your several assist-
ants, Patrick Garvan shall go free with you.”

“And if I should refuse to do so ?”

“If you refuse, you must abide by the consequences.”

f‘What would those consequences be, seﬁorita P”

“I do not know; only I can assure you that no man
shall stand in the way of the accomplishment of our
purposes.” .»

“Senorita, let me ask you a. question in return?”

“Well, sir?” ‘ .

“Suppose that you had approached me, in the be-‘
ginning, instead of the person who did so; suppose
that you had engaged my services, to do something for,
you in the line of what_you are now attempting to
accomplish; suppose that I had agreed to do it, to the!
best of my ability; what sort of an opinion would yo? 4
have of me if, at the ﬁrst appearance of danger, "or
at the first obstacle that presented itself, ,1 should’
repudiate my promises to you, merely because a pretty
woman asked me to do so?” v V ’ E

“I think you beg the question, sir.” * p _ g

“No, I do not. If I should place myself in such._a.
position as that one, what would you then ‘of
me?” i "  A it

“I confess, sir, that my opinion of you would not?‘
be ﬂattering.” , - l

"Certainly not. Now, tell me truthfully, please, if I
should accept the bargain you seekto make with me, .
if I should make the promises you ask, and consent ‘to

{do what you want me to do, what would your  "I

—,.1

  

of me he in that case?”  . ..
“Really, sir " . ..  ~»\'
“Answer me, please.” a ‘ “
“It is not at fair question.” _ ' ~ 
“It’—a's -a fair question. Would your of, 
anysbetterl =I.had stultiﬁed 

   

  

    
    
  
 
 
  
 
 

  ,1

you, than it would have been had I remained against
you?” .
‘ She hesitated, and Nick Carter smiled.
“You need not answer,” he said.’ "I see that it
‘ would not. And permit me to tell you that my opinion
of you, seﬁorita, would have fallen below the zero
mark had you been inclined to make me any other
answer. lOne‘ does not like to consider that one so’
beautiful as you are, who has set her heart upon the
» diadem of a queen or the crown of an empress-—.-——”’
 ‘Carmen Carerra drew in a quick breath, and started
away} from the detective.
__ -7He was surprised at her action, but he guessed at
pziceritsf cause: He had aimed better than he realized
in making the suggestion of royalty to her. This,
' then, ‘was the incentive which actuated this beautiful
creature in her schemés. She did see ahead of her, in ,
the distance, certain royal prerogatives which excited -
her ambitions. Indeed, she looked like a princess, or a
‘queen, even an empress, as she stood there before the
N detective, in the full-possession of her splendid beauty.
,  1 “How did you guess it ?” she demanded, in a /tone
so low as to be almost a whisper. *  M
V ~“It was a random guess, seﬁorita,”= replied Nick.
“It is a logical conclusion that ‘one who strives for
empire might also seek to rule, after it is attained.
 Fslrtzainnot even guess who your prospective consort
might be, but-—‘-—” it
. lhgainishe started back‘, but angrily this time.
* “You. have no right to say such things,” she replied
' ' coldly. “They form ‘no part of our present contro-
versy.” ~ ’
? ‘_“No, they do not.
 =i*“I~was instructed to offer you the alternative. I
"have done so. Have you chosen ?”
" ”‘~‘It would appearthat I have done so; yes.
'-9I“rrevocably?” '

 ‘sions are usually of that form, seﬁorita."
 my duty isaccomplished.” '_
  forget that you have not told me what the

in ' e. is,” said Nick, smiling;

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

You are right about that.”

  
 

,x

H

   
     
     

h  politics do not pause at obstacles.

 not." '
i themselves in the ’path’of progress are

‘ ‘2 the consequence.”
ii ‘  ‘  started toward thejdoor.
 .»m<* arena

       

   

i he said.

_ N l seemed little likelihood that he could even.est:ape
” yishoved asidegj  a grave is made for such a
ffiitrxound is. raised over him‘, it is his 

a'nd-when the ‘detective ‘made no reply,-~.
.’Iti

NEW "NICK [CARTER WEEKLY.

came a man whom Nick at once guessed to be.her
father; the Don Jose to whom Adelina had referred.
He seemed, to have a set purpose in mind; he acted.
indeed, as if he had overheard all the conversation
that had just taken place, for with a wave of his hand 1
he dismissed his daughter from the room and came 
himself and stood where she had been standing before l
the detective. , 
“I have heard you, make your choice,‘ Mr. Carter,” i ii
“I have come now to tell you what that 
choice involves. It may be that when you have heard

%

i all I have to say you will think better of it.” It

 

, 5
CHAPTER XII. ‘ l 
"1‘1'-IE RESCUE or PATSY. "N

Don Iosé Carerra remained with Nick ‘Carter the ,"
better part of an hour, during which he used every7 .;
argument in his power, and every force of sophistry.}g«:~
that he possessed, to argue the detective into accepting ,
the terms that had been offered him.

But it was of no avail, for Nick remained ﬁrm in f
his decision, that having once given his promise to a
person, he would stand to it even though the heavens
fen. .’ ~r

The alternative which Don José described ‘to the
detective might be explained by the one word “death.' '
Nick had anticipated this, but he had been threatened
so many times, in maiiners much ‘similar to thision
that he had come to regard such threats as trivial 5
compared with his duty to himself and others.‘ _ ‘

We need not repeat the conversation that was held
between the .two men. During it Don Iosé conducted
himself like the thoroughly accomplished gentleniiitﬁ 
he was, but through it all the mailed ﬁst protruded
throughthe velvet glove, and Nick Carter knew?‘
this softly spoken man could be as relentless ‘pas
grave, and would carry out his purposes,.if he" .

do so, without a' thought of compassion for others. 

  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  

  
 
   
  
 
     
 

 
   
    
     
     
     
   
 
 

the door and locking it after him; an unnecessaryt‘ H.
ceeding, Nick Carter thoughtgsince the cordsw .
bound him were ‘so strong and so ﬁrmly tied  K

      

       

thefchair upon w ich he (was seated. .~ - ‘ .¥7r=«~
n Nevertheless. -the :man:‘ hadno sooner “gone
detective set to trying to. free himself, pstraf
«_ cords as"hest.he“eould ; andiwhile he did so,’ ” 
 for sorraerartiele. V

a .

5“:

    
        
     
  

  

On the center table he saw a piece of onyx that had
 been broken in half, thus leaving jagged edges on
 either portion of it, which Nick believed that he could
pi;-.uit’,ilize if only he’ could reach one of them. ‘

To do this he was obliged to roll from his chair_to
the ﬂoor, and thence across the room to the table,
I "where he had extreme diﬁiculty in raising himself to
;.,-,i~his feet and so lean against it; but he ﬁnally did so,
‘and thus at last‘ possessed himself of one of the pieces
25; of onyx. _ A
 need not describe his struggles, then, in attempt-
_§ng‘,to sever the strands of cord which bound him. It
ifévas a long and a painful undertaking, accomplished
with ekceeding diﬂiculty, but he ﬁnally did succeed.
 one cord loosed, the remainder of his task was
ii‘  diﬁicult, and the detective was soon free again to
»;nove his great muscles as he would. i l
He lost no time after that, but hastened to the door
:s't which Don José had disappeared, and inasmuch
' he had not been deprived of any of his personal be-

 
 
  

 

 
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
 

notwithstanding the fact that it had been locked
 him.

I'I_e_w.as surprised by his surroundings, for he had
pposed, “until the bandage was removed from his
eyes, that the Carerras were at the hotel where Ade-
 had called upon them. He did not know that
 had Been prepared to depart at the very time she

ye. where they, now were, although Nick Carter
Y  know the address,» had been secured for use
 3‘he3dqi1arters in furthering their schemes.

detective stepped into the wide hall through
[he had been carried while he was blindfolded,

9‘ passed around the end of the balustrade and
"to ascend the stairs, for Nick Carter had no
' of leaving that house until he had searched it
h l3g.'an<__l.had ascertained what- had become of
‘ .:o£ oneof the rooms on the second floor stood
‘~i3ar‘,: and through the opening Nick could see

  was the sameyoung woman who
*' . (I'{.t_h¢» bandage from his eyes; but presently.
ed‘?-‘d. hergvoice, he’ knew that it was the
 he‘ sanae one; he recognized that the dif-1
 ” h  might ‘readily be

 

ngings, Nick ‘Carter found no difﬁéulty in opening,

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 27

It was plain to the detective that Patsy was not
within that room, and probably was not on that floor
of the house, and he began to mount a second ﬂight
of stairs, which he reached without being obliged to
pass the open door.

There, at the top of them, another interesting scene
presented itself. "

Again he looked into a room where the door stood

half-ajar, and once more he saw the ﬁgure of Carmen
Carerra, standing just as she had posed before him,
although this time it was Patsy who was her conﬁdant,
and to whom she was talking.

Patsy was leaning back in the chair he occupied, and
Nick wondered why his assistant made no effort to
escape, until, looking more closely, he discovered that
Patsy was a prisoner much as he had been himself,
with the difference that irons had been locked around
each of his ankles, and were again locked fast to the
legs of the chair upon which he was seated.

“We have you both in our power now,” Carmen was
saying in the Spanish language, ‘and she was talking
in an animated way; evidently trying to convince Patsy
to adopt some course she had‘ already deﬁned.

“It is useless, seﬁorita,” Patsy interrupted her be-
fore she could ﬁnish \vhat she was about to say. “The
things you tell me are very interesting. Judged from
one standpoint—your own, of course——they seem
capable of enlargement and of ultimate succeﬁf Your
ambition to become, ﬁrst, a princess, and ultimately a
queen, or the empress of an empire which you and
your father's followers will create, is praiseworthy

enough from your own view-point, but it has nothing _

to do with my position in the matter. I serve Nick
Carter, whom, you say, is now a prisoner in another
room of this house. But, seﬁorita, nobody has ever
yet succeeded. in keeping Nick Carter a prisoner a very
long time. He has accepted for his client the other
sideof the question which interests you. If I_ were
to accept your proposition, if I were to go to South

America and engage in this undertaking with you, I '

would have to dishonor myself in every way, and that
I could not even think of doing.”

“Have you no ambition yourself?” she demanded,‘

drawing farther away from him.

“Plenty,” smiled Patsy; “but it does not take 
form of yours. I don’t believe that you are sufﬁciently ‘

bloodthirsty to consent to‘ deliberate niurders——--A-”. .3

she, interrupted. . - .

; “No man, or group of men, shall stand in our way.” 5 ‘

_ ‘ “Their our conversation is unnecessary,” 
.’Patsy,,s1niling\again.  ‘ .~ ~_  ’

 _ !,- .
:5 - ,.4, ‘_ ,‘ V I

 

  

 28

What more they might have said cannot be recorded
here, for an interruption occurred at that moment
which startled them both, and which amazed Nick
Carter, who listened in the hallway.

It was the voice of Adelina, Patsy’s wife, and it was
followed almost instantly by an exclamation which
Nick Carter recognized as coming from Jack Durland,
the man whom he had sent to the Holland House to
spy upon these people.

Adelinaghad exclaimed:

“There they are! There is the man who holds my
husband a prisoner!” And Durland's voice uttered
the words:

~ 5‘Hands up, Don José, or I'll bore you with a forty-
ﬁve!”
, These exclarnations, which startled Nick Carter,
and also Carmen and Patsy, were replied to by Spati-
ish oaths from Don José ; but before Nick had time to
act, Carmen Carerra came rushing from the room
where Patsy was a prisoner, her eyes ablaze with
fury, and with a weapon grasped tightly in one of her
 hands.
 Nick knew that she would be a dangerous person
‘to rush unexpectedly upon such a scene as was taking
6 p , place on the ﬂoor below, and so, as she came through
the doorway, he faced her, seized the wrist of the
 hand that held the weapon, and wrenched it from
A grasp; then he forced her back inside the room,
it; closed the door and locked it.

 

 
  

 

succeeded in freeing myself. Conditions are now
A, _,t_ransposed. Will you stand where you are immovably
_while I release Mr. Garven, or shall I be compelled to
render you helpless while I am doing so?” A .
' «j_ ‘Carmen acqbpted the inevitable. ‘She shrugged her
_sboulders and smiled coldly, bowing her head obedi-
 to Nick Carter’s will, and replied:
 declare a truce for the present.”
1-,? "Only a moment was required for Nick to release
from the manacles whichheldrhirn fast to the
i  then he turne"d again to Carmen. . A
A {»“I';will ask you now, seﬁdrita, to pass ahead of us
the stairs," he said coldly. ‘ "Beyond the fact
'  ypu  been instrumental in the forcible abduc-

 
   
   
   
  

i§1'.r,a_ committed no crime against the

 country; and beyond liberating 'P, tsy I
 here atyreserit. If you are willing
v   truce you have declared until Patsy and

  
 

  

' “Senorita,” he said coldly, “you observe that I have

. sible, taking with you your blue chalk, your red chalk,’

' left the room and passed down the stairs.

 tvlopersons, of whom I am one, you have.

_’ havc__iust entered the _h6'use,.,_:
6 ’7‘*'f.°¢”'“Q'?S?‘?‘v1"‘“‘,‘Y“’l“€.‘?'¢°”‘”f

   
  
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

sider the incidents of this evening as closed. What do
you say?” '

“I agree,” she said coldly.

“Be good enough, then, to precede us down the
stairs,” he told her; and she led the way to that room
on the second floor.

When they entered the room, Don José was stand- -
ing beside the chair upon which he had been seated.
His hands were extended above his head, and his A
features depicted the personiﬁcation of baﬂied fury.

Donna Mercedes, his wife, remained in the chair‘ ,’
she had occupied, apparently unmoved by what xi,-'.€s”_/g__i
taking place around her. At the opposite side of the '
room, Adelina and Emilia faced each other deﬁantly,
and between them, on the ﬂoor, was lying a revolver 
which Nick guessed at once had been torn from 
Emilia’s grasp by Patsy’s wife. i_ ‘V

It was a picture worth remembering, but it ended 
the moment that Nick and Patsy entered. 

‘‘I think\ /our work is done for the present,” said -__
Nick Carter, advancing to the center of the group and 
facing Don Jose. ‘‘I shall makeno charge against
you, sir, for the things you have already done, and 
have threatened to do. I and my friends will depart. ‘A
in peace from this house; and in going, I advise.you_*‘E’
to make no delay in taking your own departure from 
the City of New York, and from the United States of 
America. This country is no hotbed for revolution'—p',i,i_
aries. I know what you are now, and what your pur-
poses are, and I shall make a full report of —YOtI}".
activities to the state department at Washington
Take my advice and leave New York as soon as 

 

 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
      
  

and your white chalk, and all that they may mean
He turned to Adelina, and said:  7
“Come ;” and then, followed by her and Patsy,’ a '
with Jack Durland lingering a little behind thernyé

$9., ..

Patsy’s accidental adventure was over, andiatwleasti‘

a part of the mystery of the chalk-marks ‘that; 
interested him when seated in the automobile,  
park entrance, was explained. . A ' i  1

3

 
     
    
 

 
 

\

   
  

THE END.

The next Nick Carter story (No.  
with the efforts madelby Carmen Carerra,t0_ rs _
a South American empire, andwill narrate" 5 I "
succeeded in inducing an .1:-tmericanto 
will tell of the power of a, ,woman’s ‘love; 
will be called_i‘I‘A_DreamWvﬁgmpire; 

  
  
     
 

  
  
 

  
  

   
    
   
  
 
  
  
   
     
   
  
   
   
    
      
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
     
    
    
   
   
   
   
  

NEW '

WEEK LY

NEW IYORK, April 3, 1909.

 

TBRM5 T0 NICK CARTER WEEKLY MAIL SUB$$I3ER5.
' - (fbstan Free.)
Single Copies or Back Numbers, Sc. Each.

One year ..................... "$2.50
2 copies one year ............ .. 4.00
.1 copy two years ............ .. 4.00

‘thew to Send nIoney——By pohtnoﬂloo or express money order,
' bred letter. bank check or draft. at our risk. At your own risk if sent
: nun-envy. coin. or postage stamps In ordinary letter.
_ Beoelpto-Jteceipt of your remittance is acknowledged by proper
‘ of number on your label. If not correct you have not been properly
V‘ and should let us know at one .

 V  _. _s11ua:'r‘a smrm Publishers
 & SII1u.l’P'°p""°"‘ 79-80 seventh Ayende. New York City.
are

 THE‘ RAT-—PI’I‘.

 

 Whitestone, the yquthful but eminent geologist, and
dtmg friend Harry Kenson, gazed at a huge black castle
 on-the side. of a bare limestone crag. .
 is the home of Herr Professor Chernagora,” said
_ “Now I wonder why the simple Montenegrins of
parts‘ refuse to speak of him. I wonder why our. guide,
‘man, was suddenly aﬂlicted with a mysterious illness
‘eutioned that we intended to visit the Herr Pro-

‘pair looked very trinf as they stood there, clad. in
» > nuiuhtaiueeringsuits with leggings on their legs, and

‘ sacks upon their backs.’ The small ‘geological pick-ham-
hick each carried in his belt, suiﬁciently explained the
oftheir business in so out-of-the-way a part of Eu-
,.'Mon‘tenegro3 but it must be‘ said further that Harry
T 'Hugh’s brightest pupil at the big school where the
d taughtuscience for a year or two, and that when
d to leave, owing to thedeath of his father, Hugh
_ jtely oﬂered to take ' on a long" expedition
It starting——to gatherrare fossils for the Museum

"T arlrived at the huge limestoneémountains in th;
‘ the small kingdom -of Montenegro after

ﬁnd the constauttrudge, trudge, trud ea bit too
' had been looking forwar with g ee to a few
 house of Professor Chernagora. He was,
3111 the more disappointed when he saw the for-
Hkftlxat ‘stood bpfore §1ern.d ‘ h I
— - can 0 e’s,‘ ace,” e sai wit an invo unta
‘ out anfthing about the professor, Hugh?’
-excaptgthat he 13 a_ corres n_dmg mernbei-_ of
Society, has a unique col ecnonof geological
thatpl-luve__been, as you know, in l$l1Cd with
 to.hun.. ‘Come on.  we piiggaway we
in tgne for lunch.  A _'
-. C
‘“gs'f§“:£§.t?;‘§£?:”.r.:fa§f.‘3é‘§§‘g}3
”"  I should Y¢V¥;“1l*¢hL‘5k,¥? to
isivﬁs :9, at tum.--.

 
  
   
 
 
    
   

        

   

9 at first hand geological data about the Balkan 4

T . of pleasant trampmg, but Harry; who had just i

NICK CARTER VYEEKLY.

29

A stiff hour's climb, during which they forgot everything
save the delight of overcoming obstacles, brought them to
within ﬁfty yards of the castle. ,

“It seems a dreary, deserted kind of place,” said Harry
as he stared at the gaunt walls and narrow unglazed win-
dows. “It must be nearly as old as the hills. I wonder if
the professor has any servants? There do6’t seem to be
many about. Hello!”

From the bastioned gateway a puﬁ’ of white smoke leaped,
followed immediately by a sharp “crack” and a “'phwit" as
a riﬂe-bullet kicked a spurt of dust from the ground twenty
feet to the right of them.

“Halt!” cried some one in the Slav tongue, and then an
old, bent man, carrying a riﬂe at the “ready,” came out of
a tiny wicket-gate.

“Who are you and what do you want?" he yelled mena-
cingly.

“We have letters of introduction to Professor Chernagora,"
Hugh replied promptly. “ls the learned professor within?"

"N0, he’s not," snarled the old man, though he lowered
the riﬂe. “He stands before you. Advance and give me the
letters.” ~ .

“A nice kind of welcome, this,” murmured Harry, as
Hugh, taking the letters from his pocketbook, held them out
toward the decrepit-looking professor.

The old, fellow opened them and read them quickly. Ther-
he looked up, and they noticed that his eyes were black and
yet bright—“like a rat's,” thought Harry.

“You are welcome,” he said, without holding out his
hand, “follow me.”

The inside of the castle proved to be just as forbidding as
the outside. They‘ passed through a regular maze of narrow
winding passages until they stopped before a door which the
professor unlocked and entered, signing to them to follow.
They found themselves in a fairly large room which had
been ﬁtted up with some regard for modern standards of
comfort.

“Sit down!” commanded the professor sharply. And both
Hugh and Harry obeyed promptly, so commanding was the
old man's tone. ; .

“So you have come all these thousands of miles to see my
collection,” he continued, speaking in excellent English.
“\Vell, I am sorry. I have given up geology and have thrown
my specimens down the mountain. have another collection
now. You shall see that. Yes, you shall surely see that l”

The old man rubbed his hands and grinned horribly as he
spoke, and ‘Harryxfor some reason he could not fathom, was
conscious of a cold chill down his back as he listened to the

Jmcanny caclcling of the old man’s laughter.

"I’m sorry we should have disturbed you" for nothing,
professor,” said Hugh, “but we should be delighted to ex-
amine this new collection of yours, whatever it is. By the
way, what is it?” .

The old man laughed again.

“There is only one thing worth collecting,” he chuckled.
“You shall see. Never fear, you shall see! But you’ are
prbd and hungry. Let me show you to your ,room. Though

keep no servants I am always- ready for visitors. Oh, yes,

I am alw 5 ready for anything that may turn up." So say- 

ing he le them out of a room to another door. This he
unlocked as‘he had done the other, butthis time he stood
aside to let lhem pass in before Him. '

They found themselves in utter darkness, and as they
turned, bewildered, for an explanation they heard the gating-
of the key in the lock. " T « «

Harry dashed ‘with all his force against the doer;..»hut1 =.

.1". .
.

only succeeded in hurtinihis shoulder.
“We are locked in 3”’ e cried. _
 “Noiy, I wonder what this means?” asked Hugh’
*2 “:3 . *°§‘§°* *h=.;*n:*:.;z«°h..h=  °=....,.~'°<*-..l
:1 rs . the e  A, - e,/' arry. e. g ;»
hls~ligli‘t',andﬁthiey _ ‘that they  in a barecell

r

   

 

 

   
 

ashé£ef£:"'

     

  

30 . NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

Harry was examining the door.

“We can't break out,” he said. “But most likely we sha’n't
have to. Perhaps this is only the old gentleman's old-fash-
ioned idea of hospitality. If it is I must say I don’t think
much of it. Ah, here he comes again.”

A muﬁed step sounded outside, and the great bolts of the

.. door shot back with a clang.

The professor appeared, smiling and rubbing his hands.

“I am very sorry,” he mumbled. “I had mistaken the
room. The guest-chamber is next door.” He shot a keen,
searching glance at them as he spoke, but neither Hugh nor
Harry displayed signs of disbelief. “I will take you there
now,” he went on; “but first you must just glance at my
collection. You must, really!”

Obediently, but with every nerve alert for the next de-
velopment, they followed their weird host, who led them
along more passages and into a long hall lighted with many
smoky oil-lamps of curious shapes.

. Harry gasped with horror as he realized that round the
hall were ranged dozens and dozens of human skulls, grin-
ning ferociously in the ﬂickering light.

“My collection,” said the professor proudly. “At least,
when I say my collection, I err. It is the collection of my
ancestors. This priceless aggregation of skulls represents the
prisoners and enemies of my family for a good many gener-
ations back. Alas! I have not yet been able to add more than
one skull. But I live in hope. I live in hope. My. ancestors
had a sure way. Anybody who did not please them, or who
was inconveniently in the way, they threw into the rat-pit.
That is it, that dark hole at the end of the hall. Come and
see." '

“Yoh say you have added to the collection. You are a
murderer!’ burst out Harry; but Hugh's hand gripping his
arm silenced him before he got any further.

“Say you so?” snarled the old man, whom they had fol-
lowed to the edge of a horrible black hole yawning in the
stone floor.

‘_ “Our young friend meant no offense,” interposed Hugh
.i . quickly. “He does not yet understand how we scientists look
‘at things.” He gazed into the pit as he spoke and drew back
i with a shudder, for below he could hear the squealing of
_ -rats innumerable.
“Go round to the other side, you can get a better view
from there,” said the professor, and Hugh and Harry went.
They peered into the noisome hole and thought of those
unfortunates who had died horrible deaths in it.

.".;;~

Suddenly Hugh grasped Harry and tried to throw him '

.7 E , back out of the way. But he was too late. The broad stone
 ‘on which they were standing. turned under their.feet and
 they were shot down into the rat-pit.
i As they fell they heard the professor yelling gleefully.

, “Two more heads for my collection!” he screeched. “The
~'».,.r rats will pick you clean in three days!”

,9.  was lucky for the two adventurers that they had not
 ’ ‘ removed their knapsacks, for to the fact that Hugh struck

the bottom of the pit squarely on his sack they probably

Gwcd their lives. _

Harry fell sprawling on top of Hugh, and for a minute

.6: so they lay breathless. They heard the echo of the treach-

erous, mad professor as he went away, and then they sprang
_ 'to their feet. ‘- r ‘

. , Two or three giant rats had run across their bodies!
 Hugh ﬂung his arm protectingly round the shoulders of
 young companion. ’

4”. “Keep your luck ii , Harry, lad,” he said. “Just half a
 and we’ll h e ‘some light on the situation. My elec-
tric torch will hold out for two or three hours yet !”
.~  he e he drew the torch from his pocket and pressed
 A clear, white beam shot out, which Hugh di-
' acted here’ and there, up and down, until they ,had made out
were in a stone-built cell about ten feet square.
A, fr heads yawned, the well down which they had
Landon one side, level with.the ﬂoor, was a small

   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
 

opening, about two feet across and a foot high, from which ‘
gleamed the hungry eyes of half a hundred huge rats. '

As the dazzling beam fell on them these noisome beasts
backed away, and, at the same time, three or four of their
fellows who had already entered the pit dashed for the hole.

“The creatures don’t like the light,” ejaculated Harry.
“VVe’re safe while it lasts.” v -

“For that very reason,” answered Hugh, “I am going to
shut it off. We may need all the light we have later on.
The question is, how are we going to get out-of this?” ,

They were silent for a while‘, and from the direction of
the hole in the wall they could hear distinctly the sound of
rushing water. ’

“We have our picks,” ventured Harry at length. “Couldn't
we hew steps up the wall?” >

“It would be a long and diﬁicult job,” was the answer,-.{‘
“and besides”-—there was a sharp click and the white beam -
shot upward—“there is, as you see, a good four feet of V
rooﬁng between the tops of our prison walls and the bottom
of the well down which we came so quickly. No, I’m afraid
that won’t work. Try again, Harr .”

Suddenly, from all sides, they were attacked by the rats
which had silently poured into the cell. The ferocious beasts,
many of them as big as small dogs, as they afterward dis-
covered, ﬂung themselves on them with horrible determina— .
tion. '

“The picks!” yelled Hugh, and drawing their sharp-point-, '
ed, heavy geological hammers, they backed, kicking and hack- ’
ing, until their backs were against a wall. ..

For a minute or two they founght in darkness. It was
horrible, ghastly! The rats fastened with teeth and claws
on their clothes and worried them li e terriers, only to be
torn off and ﬂung crashing to the ground. The picks were
practically useless, but every now and again the points got .__'
home. They did most execution with their feet, stamping,
crushing, kicking, for very life.

“The light! Where’s_ the light, Hugh?” panted Harry.

“I’ve dropped it,” was the breathless answer. “Protect *
your face, lad. That's what they’ll go for l” ‘A
Even as Hugh spoke a huge creature landed on the boy’s ,
shoulder. VVith a scream of fear he turned to .,ﬂing the thing '
from him. His foot slipped on a. dead rat and he went down I

face foremost. I ' *

Instantly he was covered by a surging army of the fearful '
vermin. But as he fell his cheek struck something hard and .,
round. It was the electric torch. In a second he had grasped, . ,;
it, found the button and pressed it. The room was ﬂooded 
withlight. , . 

For a second or so the rats paused in their attack. In 
that time Hugh had helped Harry to his feet. 3., r:

A horrible sight met their gaze. The ﬂoor of the cell was’ .-_«
packed with their enemies, and still more were coming‘ '

hrough the opening. ~ : jg

That pause, and the light, turned the tables. Gripping their '
hammers the hard-pressed chums attacked their foe. Now;
that they could see, every blow told, every kick accounted;
for one or more of the horrible beasts. . p

Suddenly the rats nearest the hole turned tail and bolted.
Squirming and struggling they fled from the blinding white"-
ness of the electric torch and poured out of the cell, instantly’
followed by the rest. In an incredibly short time there was’.
not a live rat left within sight; though there were scores?
of dead. - .

Hugh and Harry had not come oﬁ scathless./ Hugh’;
hands were bleeding from a dozen or so scratches and bites,’
while Harry, in‘ addition to many other minor hurts, had
his rigl-it’ ear badl torn. They set to work to dress the
wounds at once, or Hugh knew well that rats’ bites~atf'€;,
likely to produce blood poisoning. -  1".

They used the electric torch recklessly while they ‘
cussed their chances of ever getting out alive. V

“They'll pull us down eventually, unless we canstop
their hole,” said Harry. v A  

\

    
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
    

 

\

. I‘,

   
   
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
 
    
  
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
  

“By jovel You've hit it, lad l” Hugh almost shouted.
. s“ will stop up the hole. These ﬂooring-blocks are the
ry thuig. We can easily loosen them with our picks. Let's
about it at once.” ' , -
Cheated by the thought of being so easily able to free
selves of the greatest of -their present dangers, they
/to Witlra will and soon had up sufficient stone blocks
A stop the rats’ runaway.  . ~ .~ ~-
3\—s;_.they were busy ﬁtting them in the hole the sound of
1' again forced itself on their ears. ,
"I re you what,” said Hugh; “that water goes some-
here; If we could only get down to it we might be able
V ’ﬁnd a. way out. Did you notice what was beneath those
‘ — ‘s when we dug them out?” : '
~;.“Soft rock.”

‘:2 .

ecisely so. Well, I believe the water runs directly under
‘ a What is to prevent us from digging -down to it? I
"it is running in a proper culvert; did you notice how
=-  the -sound was?” V
“Lelia have a try, then P’ answered Ha as he ﬁrmly
. T in the last stone. "We may as wel do something
othing, and, as you say, there's a chance. We shall have
!' ‘i!n’’the dark, though, for we really musn’t waste any
,3 ¢_.
foil‘! -they an they refreshed themselves from the
 preserve and concentrated rations each carried in
puck’. Then, stripping off their coats, they set to

at” through!” cried Harry. They had been working
" L - for nearly seven hours, though for the last two
had only been able to work one at a time.owing to the
es‘: of the hole they had made. Harry's» small pick
sfbtoken right through into emptiness, and the sound
‘told him that they had done what they set out
Tithe care}! said Hugh. But asrhe spoke there was a
rat:  then a crash. Harry had fallen through the thin
‘ stone and rock’ that separated him from the water-

 the electric rorcb,= -Hugh dropped after him in.

£’_ cleanly, and after a s<;cond,or two of gasping
«he immd himself standi ‘Waist-deep in a swiftly
Vtorrcnt. The lamp revcaed the fact that he was
Q-faced tunnel. and that Harry was lyin half in

_of the water on a narrow ledge, an that he
dead. or unconscious

 hii‘fl‘l€3_1d and in a ti-ice had snatched
' , hls*\pc:;_xlo,u_s .sition,gsweeping. scores ‘of rats into
ﬂﬁhtdld ,_so. '01 I’ . the bayou his shoulder high

‘ ug,w_ate:,, he turned; wosrtream in the hope, that ’

-: .~ water‘ would lead him to fresh air and freedom.
wescpe. oi -11-tarry he  lost his lam for good and
 he had. no hght to .chccr*h V onhisway
 absolute blaclrncssgboth. in frontuancl behind, it
the»tunnél might ‘goon forerer inthe bowels

3'Vas.w_alkingL with -the current, progress was
i9(~,tl'l:-‘l3l‘)01"_0f moying his legs’ in thewater
esidesp young Harry was no light weight. -
lundercd ‘terribly In, the intense blackness,
is owuand Harry?s‘head repeatedly -as he-
‘vthe walls -of‘-the tunnel, but ‘after awhile
_>*;s;eer.'by-meazppoé the1.1f<:el-.of the wfter. V
 “.agan?sh.' ‘ is an or .i arrnwstruc against
_J this_he'drew;£x-esh hope. for he judged that
, sompqneans of exit the cunning; beasts
' ' 'a.nd.ydown._;It»did'notv occur to
 good-exitpfor .‘arat .;night.«

)

 
  
 
  
 
 
   

  

NE\’V_ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

‘ ‘ army of rats were -already investigating the boy's _

31'

the same time he was conscious of the fact that the water
was running more strongly. The stone at the bottom seemed
to slope more. .

He was very nearly exhausted, and the weight of young
Harry seemed almost insupportable. Had it not been for
the promise held out by that glimmering spot of light in the
distance he must have given up the struggle. Larger and
lar er it got, and faster and faster ran the water until he
ha diﬁiculty in keeping his feet.

Presently he was aware of an added roar in the noise of
the water. Louder and louder it grew until he knew.that
he was approaching a cataract. ‘

As the knowledge burst on him he came into the full day-
light. He thought at first that the river he was in swept
right out of the mountain, but almost immediately he saw
that the water disappeared just before it came to the win-
dowlike opening in the steep cliff.

He moved toward the side and leaned against the wall
to rest. The rats that had accompanied him. swept past him.
He watched them with fascinated eyes. How would they
escape? Then he realized that they were the last‘ sur-
vivors of the devouring horde be had swept from Harry’:
body. One by one he saw them disappear over the smooth
ed e of the cataract.

nless he could devise some means of escape he and

Harry would also be sucked down.

Cautiously he approached the edge until he could see that
between the top of the fall and the ledge of the natural
Window in the rock there was a space of only some six feet.
If he could bridge those six feet he was saved.

Many vines and crcepershad made their way inside the
“window” and hung over the black chasm into which the
water roared. If only he could catch one he might be able
to swing over.

In his eagerness he took an incautious step—his legs were
swept from under him and he was carried under.

For one breathless second he‘ paused on the edge of the
water, andithen with a mighty effort be {tied to leap to
safety across the spray-filled blackness. He ﬂung himself
free-—-and fell short. '

A moment later he was holding by one hand to the branch
of a. tree that had slipped down inside the chasm. He
struggled manfully, and was presently astride another branch.
A few seconds later he was lying. with Harry‘ by his side,
outside the “window” and out of danger. ‘

The expedition, was ended, for both Hugh and Harry were
badly shaken by their adventure; but be
home they reported the madness of the professor to the
authorities. A week after they reached home a letter came,
tellin them that the old man had been found dead in the
pit. He had ‘evidently been preparing to descend, doubtless
to collect their skulls, but had slipped and broken hisheck.

—---—<oooc-—q--—

 

A startling. discovery has just been made in

Mammoth .
uCave which is indisputably the effect of the drought which .

has prevailed over this section recently. In some ofthe
avenues where water from ten to ﬁfteen feet stood it isfnow,
perfectly dry. _ _ “ ,
The effect 15 more noticeable on Echo River than any
place.- That famous stream, which normally can on be
traversed. for a short distance, owing to the water

at all times, have been intensiﬁed thousands ‘of tinier

-the low water. Many of the avenues andinlets not known} 1' .1 or
’have existed before have been discovered, and at the  
water stage many, miles of avenues and gronoes,  be 7

  
 
 

‘”iifn;ij.£e»s‘ ” is llgoiw-.,an eao:t'wui bcnlilcle tojoeiei

are they made, for '

the‘ ‘ .
roof of the cave being so near each other, can V‘!  -
traveled for miles, and it is claimed that the echoes. grand ; .'

   
   

  

 y__n;:LATEs1;IssuEstf'I:g
THE DIAMOND DICK. WEEKLY 

The heroes of the stories published in this week! are dea: to the hearts of 60,000 boys. Diamond Dick is 0 
splendi Western character. ‘

‘HIGH ART COLORED COVERS. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 CENTS.

63%-Diamond Dick and the ‘Land Shatlug or, The Hoodoo of Number 642-—-Diamond Dick’s Aztec Captive ; or, A Secret of Old Mateo.
643-Diamond Dick’: Peon Pard; or, A Hand—to-hand Fight for Dias.

Thirteen.
‘39"'Di”“°“d Dkk 3”‘ ti” cm” J“mP°“’ °” Th‘ Ha“! I'“°k °£ 644—Diamond Dick’: Matador Rival; or, A Treacheeous Foe In ‘lb
Bull RI ‘ I

s4o—-1>z.:'o’x’a'.§"I1>3:§t§“° s3'aw-am ‘I’ 51 When the Btoken Circle W‘ 9 E I E
g. ‘ " ’°" 645-Diamond Dick’: Pedcller pm; or. The Unseen Term: of the

Dri ed.
611--Dlaxnoncl Dick’: Mexican Quests or, The Trail of the Demon 0- Track»
Vaqueeo. ' ‘ 646-Diamond Dick's Silent Special; or, The Line-up at Last ﬁeld. \

  THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES I

The most otiginal stories of Western adventure. The onl weekly containing the adventures of the 

      
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
    
    
  
    
  
  
 
 

  
  
   
  
  
 
 
    
      
    
     

Buffalo ill.

. b C HIGH ART’ COLORED COVERS. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 CENTS.

I96»-ﬁufiato Bill’: Bluff: or, A Call-down for “Old Calamity.” 403-—~BuIfalo Bill’: Ptivate War: or, AI-Ielplng Handﬁotﬁvetlend
I   §3.?:§“,?::: Still: ".§‘;:.°.::::.°:’o'£‘%:'i§‘:.‘;r:: $2‘ '*=:.;°*s‘;,!‘3:,:;.. 4°*'~Bv%;:,,1?“* and the TW “W  W W *1” "

V 233-«__gud1£‘§: gun :3: :1; Bravo: o.°;"1Ahe Qggeé gag insgnggmh Gum }05——Bul!f(ail3gBtll and the Rope Wizard; 0!, A Tie-up with an 
(01--Bufi1a‘l;: 3iII.;s¢.Pa«ckage of Death; 01', Turning the Tables on t ; Buffalo Em,‘ Fiesta‘ 0“ At out with ﬂu I I 0‘ C 7 c 
V402--BuffaIo§I’n Treasure Cache: or. Ye Wong’: Treachery. 407-—Bu£falo Bill Among the Cheyenneu oz, The Reaction! Paquitq./A

TI-IE BRAVE AND BOLDEWEEKL

All kinds of stories that boys like. The biggest and best nicl:el’s worth. ever offered. £
 HIGH ’ ART COLORED COVERS. 32 ~ BIG PAGES.‘ PRICE 5 CENTS.
I5-—Rmuway and Raven 09. The Boy from Nowhete. By Weldon 320-Th; 'ga)t£.oed,Boy: or. Bound to Make Hi: Mark. 37 V 4

I " we A
’33$""'rh£’I"I0u‘Eé§ifteFeat3 oe,Go‘edon Keith’: Greatest Case. By Law- 321...Madc, Muﬁ 7;, 3:, Advcnuum ¢,, 1,“; {.4 Q, “ﬁg
1 [COOS 1 re   ' 
L V Essa-n,euD¢cn: 1; aahxh oeaamemu in ca. omc. By John m__,_1‘§;:m m’;,m’_f‘h 0,, F0, gm m, Fm” ,'  --
K ' ; B ' I
._"“"'c°"”""“" g,°"B°" G"""' 3°“ U"""d' 'H‘"i‘ 323-Caught in a Trap; or, The Great Desmond One. I!
.5»--our-n.5x.m.,V o:,TheMatbIeviIleMy|tery. ByF:ed'I'hcepe. Irvlngﬂaneock. E »
For sale by all newedealm, or will haunt to anyaddress on receipt of‘ rice, 5 cents per copy, In money or postage chum;
P y_

VVVGTREET  SMITH Publishers 79-:89 SEVENTH AVE" .Nc,‘Y
IF YOU WANT ANY BACK ‘NUMBERS I  

d,”VakHuiné not themirom newxdelersthey beobtainedi thief!’ direct. Filloutﬁe ,
 u  A§t§‘§.£cEeYotthe‘$‘nwHluyov:wa'ntandc‘wt:ewﬂlundthe’$nm yo:I:;returnnuil€. P%'I'ACiE¥'

O

   
  
    
  

 
 

  
  
  

      
    
    
   
    
     

ubllbqlvghaeovte-.0 - u . . . no000001--oneIlvoeuvueuoeeouuueouvucu-to-so-9-/snoopcones»OQOIIOUIOIOOQQQICCOO

I1'ﬂRW‘I‘&S’M‘I'I'I-I,79SeventhAve..NewYo:k.I 

I. ID¢al‘SItS$'""AEn£I0wdpIeauﬁ11d.I............,..c:cntsfo¢whichsendmz:W‘ . ; /I.

.‘...eogiaof'l'IP'I'OP  ‘E

.u  ......... 
I‘-_ «é 

“ +3Rav‘EArm.noLnmLv.;..l..... 
 H  ’ -If ' I

 
 

  

 
      
 

  

onceuevvtc9‘Q9QI,¢ob0I"E_§|9!1outijvjilﬁt

myn‘e‘be‘oo‘e 34‘

     

get; 999: o
* ...,..e;.s....,

    
  

  

' """'T ;
he Nick Carter ee

‘-17

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
     
       

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
ting. Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

nce with all kinds of criminals.
Thét’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover

cover. There is no brutality i.n Nick’s make-up-—he does not need it
he uses his wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

wsdealer.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

k Carter and the Marixburg Atfair; or, Foiling 472~—'.l‘l1c Black I-Iand’s Nemesis; or, One .~\;;:iinst a
Great Conspiracy. Hundred and One.

Millionaire Cracksman; or, Nick Carter's Mas- 473——An Expert in Craft; or, Nick Carter and the jewel A
cot Case. _ Thieves.

Mystery Man; or, Nick Carter's Smartest 0p- 474——Nick Carter’s Terrible Experience; or. The Crime
ponent. of the Limited Sleeper.

lla. the Sea Robber; or, Nick Carter and the 475-—The Mystery of an Untold Crime; or. Nick L‘ar—
_ ueen of Sirens. ter's Marvelous Skill.

e Beautiful Pirate of Oyster Bay; or, Nick Car- 476-—Diana, the Arch-Demon: or, Nic‘.-: Carters Run of
ter's Strangest Adventure. Luck.
he ;\Ian from Nevada; or, Nick Carter's Cowboy 477—Captain Satan. the Unknown; or, Nick t..‘arter's

Client. Great Mistake.
ifaguey, the Mexican; or, Nick Carter’: Battle with ‘478——A \\'izard of the Highway: or, Nick Carter's Test
Bloodhounds. of Faith.
Pedro, the Dog Detective; or, Nick Carter's Four- 479--'Abducted in Broad Day: or, Nick Carter's Dlllill

Footed Assistant. catc Prisoner. '
The Automobile Fiend ;_ or, Nick Carter's Motor- 480-The Tong of the Tailless Dragon; or, Nick Carter ~

     
  
    
   

   

   
  
    
       
    
          
     
    
    
    
 
  

; Car Case, _ Close Shave.
s--Bellini, the Black Hand; or, Nick Carter Among 48I—The Padlocked Mystery; or, Nick Carter and th
‘ the Terrorists. - Death Plot Trap.

 

 
 

IF YOU WANT ANY BACK NUMBERS

I libraries and cannot procure them from newsdealers, they can be obtained from this oﬁice direct. Cut out and ﬁll in the fol!
order blank and send it to us with the price of the books you want and we will send them to you by return mail. POSTA

"MP3 TAKEN THE SAME AS MONEY.
ET & SMITH, Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue. New York City. . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . .1

Gentlemen :--Enclosed ﬁnd . . . . . . . .cents for which please send me :

'—...¢opieso£1‘lp Top Nos . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

' j" “ Nick cum Nos . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

“ “ Diamond Dick Nos . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
.  H Burma am Nos .......................... .. ~ ........................... . . ................. ..
 -« Bum no Bold Nos .............  .................................................... 
“ * “ Rough Rider Nos . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .._ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
1 A nu:-so-stfﬁhIllaN0-nno--nu.-nuuuueucuurﬂﬂluufgr».u.ououm ' ‘=

-;¢.....g.»oIovoo.on~_Ivsoc-

u . . . . . . . . . . . . - . . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a . . . . .

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

  
    

    

\

A GRAND I11)1«:X_'

HE old popular favorite, Frank Merriwell, has signalized his triumphant return to
the pages of TIP TOP, beginning with No. 512, by opening a novel

” SCHOOL OF
ATHLETIC DEVELOPMENT

where he designs to put into practice some clever schemes he has long entertained,
with the idea of building up the constitutions of backward lads. Here, there naturally
opens up a glorious opportunity for meeting new characters; while the strange adven-
tures and thrilling situations connected with up—to—date American sports are handled as
only Frank Merriwell knows how.

The famous TIP TOP promises great things from this time on to its worl
‘jg wide circle of admirers, and with this novel field open to such a talented pen, you .
 rest assured, boys, Burt L; Standish will spread such a feast before you as has my
before been dreamed of. I _

Tell all your young friends that Frank has come back to his own, better equippe
than ever to arouse the interest and enthusiasm of his vast army of boy reade ~
Consult the catalogue below for titles.

512-FRANK lVlERRIWELL’S NEW IDEA;
Or, THE AMERICAN SCHOOL OF ATHLETIC DEVELOPMENT.

513-I.-FRANK IVIERRIVX/ELL’S TROUBLES;
- Or. ENEMIES OF THE SCHOOL.

514-FRANK MERRIWELUS PUPILS;
‘ Or, THE WIZARDS OF WATER POLO.

- 515-DICK MERRIWELIJS SATISFACTION; //
I Or, HOT WORK AT INDOOR BASEBALL

Price, 5 Cents

 
 

  

 
   
  
  
 
    
     
 
     
   
      
      
   
      
     

  

 
 

tum ,

  

a lot 0910 by All nowudoulers. or sent pontpnld by tho publishotl

 a smn.   ptlazasneés, New roan  

  

11, .11, ,g

     

