BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No. 972 MAY 15» 1924 _ Price 8 Cents

    
  

     
  
 

       
   

§'1T@[tIE§ @1§

gem ‘?1HM1\f[f‘ MAKE M

 ALWAYS  
tr , OYWI-l‘DAlJEe_ age “

   
 

 
  
  

 

I-noon-r HQ nova-

"stop thief!” roared Danny Mack again and again. as he led the crowd that followed close on the
boy‘: heels. A policeman standing on the corner joined in the chase.
It was 9. strenuous moment for Tom Sherwood.

 

    

 

Read Pages 24 and 25

   
   
   
   
   
   
    
      
    
         
       
    
  

elt 23d Rtreet. New York, .\'. Y.
the Pout-Omce at New York. N.

‘ A No.’ 972

 ALWAYS

."What are’ you doing, Tour?” asked Sam Wiley,
th Sherwootfs particular chum, one Saturday
-'ﬂternoon, after knocking at the door of his
Iriendis “sanctum sanctorum," as Tom called it,
on the second floor of the Sherwood carriage-
se, and gainlinngh ad(rinigtance upond iétttering
_  password w H! hr. can arrange e ween
“ﬁtitwo boys. _
""‘El(aking furniture polish,” replied Tom,
nely, retur ‘rig to a copper kettle which stood
‘parka small s-stove in a sunny corner of the
gﬁnishedbxéc-om,l anal recommentcing ttahe sitar-ring
the am r.-co ore mixture: con me .

;' 1"“.'Fnrniture polish!” exclaimed his friend, look-
‘ ,  ’ into the kettle with some interest.

' A “Exactly. I am manufacturing Sherwood’s In-
» ‘bl: Lnsterine4'the best polish for making
*3 ‘£1’;-:,i,iture look like new on this or any other

at.

  

  

  

 
 

  

 , od.don’t say,” grinned Sam. l _

~.a-‘ 9I'do say it. This polish hasn’t its equal on
_ facrof the globe.”
, ‘How do you know it hasn’t.”
‘ -£How do I know it? Do you see those bottles
- ‘ that shelf?” ' ’ . .

‘Sure I see them. What’: in ’em?"‘ .
Furniture polish)’ replied Tom, emphatically.
at the abels.” ‘ '

- All those bottle?” ' \

es, in all those bottles: ,There’e a sample on-
sheli of every wood polish I know of on the
-- market, whether domestic or un-

  

  
  
 

  

  

 _.do you do-with ﬂem?” - ”
‘ for comparison of results-
the furniture golish busmess down
oaf!” grinned am.

. nancdrthree out of-‘the twenty-seven
 the shelf. ‘That little crooked-
h thecad of the-row came all the

- in Indio. It’; I Very

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

V sat 

:3 v"A.re You A Radio Fan?l

   FAME . A ND 1=oRTLutg
 weeklyi—SuhscI-iptlon price, $4.00 per year: (‘aum'a. $4.50

Entered as Seco
Y.. under

NEW YORK, MAY 16, ‘1’9,z-1‘»,.-,,_’<"f;.«>_‘

on, ‘rat. BOY WHO MADE HIS

. By A SELF-MADE MAN '

“heath I'm going to travel.’

~Hnda.a£ odybut. ht! ve
 ~ns:3’'§z' «.

9,91 EEKLY _' 
fiﬂrrv E. Wolﬂ’, Publisher, nu-..1r»e

0.
 1 

if)//,;‘Price 8 Cents.

 

 <1: .
5' ”' 

_ ‘%..,f=:v.,.‘ /
0" Mime

I ‘ I
MARK ‘°'>za,””«‘:»,¢;,/4P4;
I ¢ 9

I

 

and German polishes take a back seat, while the
other twenty-three look like, thirty cents beside
it." .

“Your preparation must be something wonder-
ful!” snickered Sam.

"You can just bank on it that it is,” repii-wﬂ
Tom, conﬁdently.

“The proof of the pudding is in the eating.“
chuckled his chum. “Let me see some evidence‘
03' the goods.” '

"I’ll let you see a dozen. One ought to do, V
though, for the superiority of my polish over all t -
the others is apparent at’ a glanct.”

"Let me see if it is. It’s a good one if it beats
either of the three I selected.”

“It lays away over them. Look at that small
rocker standing by the window. I guess it's dry
enough for you to handle. It’s had two coats of
my polish, jusfas those twenty-seven sections of
the three chairs had two coats each of its par-
ticular polish. Now, Sam, tell me what you thin »
of it as a disinterested critic.” \ 2 

Sam went over and looked at the rocker. yo "

“Gee whiz! vls that your polish?” he asked,
with wonder in his eyes.

“That's my polish——She'rwood’s Invincible Lul-
tei-ine.. Don't forget the name, please. How
will it look on the billboards. in the street ears,”
and the newspapers?"

“Going to go on the road with your polish?”  »

“Yes. _I shall practise on this burg. Then, af- '
ter I have ‘temporarily exhausted my native

      
        
    
         
   
           
         
 

‘But what ‘will your folks say?” . ,
“My folks!” V _;
‘A cloud came over Tom's brow. The atmoasvg
ghere of his home was not a coignlal one to
im. Tom often told himself that father and
mdther. while good ple,-as the world goes.
were not like other ys’ father: and 3»
There was not that familiarity between him [313
ia_parents‘ that he saw other 
en’ parents. There was a greatdxﬂergasps. ytvac,

 
     
     
   

  

 
  
   
  

   
  
  
 

' his mother’s.treaj‘ t of bin and
$0: I!  ~» 

~ er‘
9

  

V Although Henry was the younger branch of
4 ~ . A the ‘family by nearly two years." he came in for
  all the good things dispensed by -either Mr. or
 Mrs. Sherwood. As for Tom, he got the short
end of everything, from parental affection down
to most ordinary privileges. Is it astounding
that Henry should notice how much more im-

inclined to rub it into Toin? It was probably be-
 ‘ cause Tom looked very like his dead mother, and

  

nature ingrafted in him, that the

 5 Sherwood treated him so coolly and as his step-
v,.;, mother ruled the house, and molded her hus-
 band’s opinions, Mr. Sherwood fell into line and
handled his first-born very often without gloves,
while he-lavished what affection was in him on‘
Henry. It was a long time before Tom discov-
ered the true relationship between himself and
i,'.,the lady he had all along supposed to be his

» , [natural mother. When the truth came to him,
'1‘-which it did one day by accident, he was not. only

present Mrs.

  
 
   
   
    
    
   
  

._ many things which hitherto he had not beenable
to understand became perfectly clear to him.
‘* A few months before the opening ofpour story
, Mrs. Sherwood became dissatisﬁed with the gen-
'€: ,_eral appearance of the furniture in the house.
’ , In her opinionit was taking on a dull and com-
' monplace look,,and so she decided it ought to be
polished up. She bought a bottle of a well-known
' polish,-and set the maid to fill in an‘ hour or so
, a day at the work. Tom and the__maid were on
_' . fﬂrst-class terms, ‘and, the boy often stopped to
, chat‘ with her. The polishing process rather in-
! forested him,’ and hetried his hand at a chair
V ‘or. two. On one of these occasions he accidental-
ly‘-"spilled over the leg ofone of the chairs a cer-
tain" preparation he had just purchased at a
paint s;ore, and he hastily rubbed it oil’ with the
tag»-l1e._had ‘been using to apply the polish.
'.,he"r-esult was that the combination of the
preparation and the polish produced a remark-
ablg. lustrhus effect ithat made the rest of the
héd wood look like thirty cents. Tom at
is-st was puzzled by the outcome, and he tried to
wipe it out; but.the morehe wiped the more bril-
liant, If‘ anything. therchair “leg became. He
atoﬁped and thought the matter over. As it was
- one of the black legs of, the chair, he judged that
it would ‘not easily be noticed, so he decided to
npeat the experimenton the other leg, and thus
, ﬂake" the two uniform. Combining the two prep-
"« "stations once more he’ found the1result_was the
tune. That evening when thinking the matter
. he’ 1: {grand idea—he ‘would see iffha

    
  
  
  

  
  
   

  
     
     
      

       
  

_.‘o_ther polish on the market skinned to death. The

' ﬂrat thinﬁhe did was to study up the recipes for
‘n; t general ‘run of furniture polish.

‘  he got some practical instruction from
a" furniture store who made the polish
the establishment. Then he started In
Ta  01 eveI1;.._£urniture‘polish on

 
    
     

     
   
 
 

ysuceeeded In gettin’ hold of

  rnanu actured a
rehab.-

 

rtant he appeared to be in the family, and feel 4'

__ had the best traits.of her strong and self-reliant‘

‘I ﬁgreatly, astonished and disturbed, but a good‘

into business.

could ma e a new polish that would “have every-

  
 

and _thev.resuEa A

 

ALWAYS ON DECK  . k * , I 

CHAPTER‘ II.——'l‘he Partnership.  . 

. I

_ “My folksl”. repeated‘ Tom, gloomily. “Oh,
guess it wouldn’t worry them much if I went of V’ ,
a while on a jaunt. They’ve got Henry, and he "
seems to -be about the whole thing around the .._
house. I’m not in it even a little bit.” '~':‘

Sam made no reply to this, and his face, as- -‘

_sumed a rather somber cast, too, He knew how». ’

things were with his chum. Tom had _long,since‘ ‘
made him his conﬁdant on the subject, and he
felt sorry for his friend. Sam had lost his own. 
father at an early age, but he _had a mother who 5
thoughtthe world of him, as most mothers do ot 
an only son, and showed it in every way. Toni’
imagined that his parents wouldn't care whether’ 
he went away or not, but in this he was mis-'_
taken. The fact that Henry was the apple "of .
their eyes did not mean that they had no interest ’
at all in Tom. But it was the utter lack of sym-j
pathy between them .and the boy which gave‘
Tom the impression that he was a mere ciph‘er7int" ‘
the house. - , .
“Now that you have ﬁnished at the 
School, I thought your father intended to 
you to the Dunwoodie Academy?” said ‘Sam.
garding-his chum thoughtfully. '_."L:
“So he does.” - “
“Why don't you go? I wish I had your chance..‘‘,.
“Because I’d sooner go into the furniture -‘
polish business.” - ' - W’ :5"
“But you could let .that wait till you 
at the academy.” . . _ ’ ‘
“I could, but I'm not going to.” ,
,“I think you’re foolish.” . . ._
“You've a right to-your opinion}! replied Tony‘

1.

g-¥ ._.__..

     
  

   
      
   
 

   

shortly. . , .
“Don't get mad, old chap,” said Sam. “But

you're young yet. and there is lots of time toget“

Now is the ‘time to‘ get all tin

chance" you can while ‘you have‘ got {the

“That’s' all_'right, Sam.‘ But I'm satisﬁed-,,
«father's idea in sending me-to the 
Academy is merely for the sake of. 
It wouldn't look well for people of out
standing to put»their eldest son to work -in
store or an office too. soon."  ‘ ‘ ,'_

“I guess you’re right about that,” replied
nodding his head.\ “According to that, thou, ‘
don't’ see‘ how you'll be ahle to take» up I
furniture polish business until after you’va
through the ‘academy. Your father wouldn‘t‘
low you to do so." - v  ' -. g
“I'm not going to consult him aboutihe ‘
at all. I'm just going -to go ahead with;
thing during vacation. By the time he’srGad} ’
talk school I expect to be.in shape to talk

ness." . _

“Oh, I see.’ And then, if he refuses to-kt"
continue——'' " A _ v 

“We’ll talk about that another time. «I .
cross a bridge before I come to it.” ,
“What do you say to ‘me 291 skin with
Y°“nl"l’ 'r’iic‘it‘°"i"’°“”t‘°.....:....i"~°“"' ' ‘

,“ ajs. ,._wan_s * 
toamake the in bile

 
    
 
   
   
      

education

   
     
  

   
  
  

    
 
  

 
   
  
   
   

\

   
  

 

 toe’:

     
  
  
   
     
   
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
      
    
   
     
  
   
   
   
  
 

ALWAYS

* you with me. Besides, I am sure there is a for-
tune in this thing, and I would rather put you
in the way of making good money than take in a
 stranger.”
» “Pm much obliged to you, Tom,” replied Sam.
“You're welcome. You've always stuck by me
in the past and I’m going to stick by you in the
future if you’ll let me.” .
“That’ll be ﬁne,” cried Sam, who was now so
~ deeply interested in the new furniture polish
 "that he could think of nothing else. .
" ‘ “Now let’s go over to the ball ﬁeld,” suggested
.v Tom. “Most of the fellows will be there this
 _.afternoon, and I feel in the humor of getting into
. ‘,8.aIne.» —.
“All right,” replied Sam, who played second
base for the High School team, and was a good
one. - ‘
Tom led the way to the door, which he un-
locked and threw wide open. Just outside, on his
hands and knees in the attitude of a listener,
was Steven Porter, .the one boy in his class at

his manners were unpleasantrand he had earned
the unenviable reputation of a sneak and tale-
bearer. ‘
. ,‘

'‘ EHAPTER III.—-Steve Porter’s Mishap.

,"Steve Porter!" exclaimed Tom, in a tone of
, the greatest surprise. “What are you doing up
:‘here in our carriage-house?” _
Steve scrambled to his feet in great _confu_sion.
e had been caught in an embarrassing situa-
'tion,~and he looked guilty. . _

* ‘ “I just came here to see you,” replied Steve, in

’ llll tone.
' f3;C:!¥1e to see me, eh?" replied Tom. “Then
; y were you listening at the door of my work-

v._«."] heard you was makin’ a furniture polish,
-and I came around to buy a bottle.”
.--'~‘.‘WiIl:o' told you I was‘ making a furniture
' _  of the boys."
“Who is he, then?"
‘Steve was ’cornered, and he didn’t know what
, sa .
Toni’s friends. _
=gou’say Al Goodrich told you?”
es

 here, Steve, you know you’re not telling
 truth.’ _
 you mean to say that I lie?” ﬂared up

V H '_¢’g a pretty strong word, Stage Barter:
A ' mafraid it ﬁts the case exactly.
 you know he didn’t tell me?" asked

y.
., “-Because I never s
~ furniture. polish.” .

,1: are niakin' it, ain't you?”

‘ t business is that of re?” ~
1. follow can

aid a word to him about

 
    

’  Poiter. Whyﬁid Yoh sneak-
’ dish}: invite unto  on ine."= \

  

school whom Tom Sherwood never liked, because ~

Finally he blurted out the name of one ;

. a civil question,

ON DECK 3

I won’t stand for any monkey business
You know what the

I'm as good

you.
from you or anybody else.
fellows think of you.”

“I don’t know nothin’ about it.
as anybody else.”

“Well, I _don’t care whether you think you are
or not. I want you to understand that l’ve no
use for your society, so please keep on the other
side of our fence hereafter. If I catch you in
this building again thei'e’ll be something doing
that you won’t like.”

Steve Porter gave Tom a vindictive look, and
walked down the stairs. '

“The mean sneak was trying to ﬁnd out what
I do in that room,” said Tom, as he locked the
ilc-or and put the key in Sis pocket.

Then they headed for e ball ground: Steve
Porter watched them go from behind a neigh-
boring tree.

“How I hate that stuck-up Tom Sherwood!”
he hissed. “Just as if he was any better than
me! And that Sam Wiley, too, drat him! And
all the rest of ’em, who are always jumpin’ on
men‘ I hate the whole lot of ’em, but Tom Sher-
wood worst of all. So they’re goin’ to the ball
ground to play ball. If I went the fellows
wouldn’t - let me play. They never let me do
nothin’. I'd like to get square with the bunch.
Well, l’ve found out somethin’, anyway. Sher-
wood is makin’ a furniture polish that he told
Wiley is better than anythiri’ on the market. I’d
like to know whether it is or not. If it is I’d steal
it from him and sell it myself. If I could get
into that room now he's away I might find out
all about it. He said he’d fix me if he caught im
in his carriage-house again. Bah! He won't
be back in three hours. That'll give me plenty.‘
of time to ﬁnd out what I want to know. There
ain't anybody at home but the women servants in '
tl{e kitchen. The coachman has taken Hen Sher-
wood and his mother out drivin’, so the coast is
clear for me. But how n I get into that room?
He keeps the door locked always, I know. I'll
go down to the locksmith in the next street, and.
ask him to lend me abunch of keys to open» an’
ordinary door with. That’ll be great."

Full of this idea, Steve Porter hurried to the \
locksmith, got a bunch of twenty-odd keys, and
hiding them under his jacket, returned to the
Sherwood carriage-house, mounted the stairs, and
reaching the door of Tom’s sanctum, began to
try them, one after another, in the lock. One of ' .
the keys ﬁtted the lock,‘ Qi the doc swung‘
open. Steve took that particular keg oil‘ .
ring, entered the room’, and locked the door a .-
ter him. Then he gazed‘ with a great deal of
curiosity about the me which had been as a
sealed book to most of “arms associates.

“I_ s’pose this is the furniture polish he’:
makin"!" said Steve to himself, looking into‘ the
copper kettle.

He icked up the ladle and began to stir it.

"I'd ik_e to\know what it's made of.’

Then his sharp eyes spied the recipe and direc-
tions for making the common kind of polish. and -
he snatched it up and read it. ' -2

 
  
 

‘hi

, .

   
   

 s’ *

 

 

 

 

T, place‘ is=on ﬁre.”—

 

r,-

—P? '_ ' \.|ri

,4 ‘Al. ‘AYS

gredients and directions. He didn't know how

ly he was fooling himself, for he would have
found that recipe in a dozen books of such things
on sale at the bookstores. The secret of the In-
vincible Lusterine lay entirely inthe combina-
tion of a certain preparation .found at paint
stores with the ordinary polish mixture as given
in the recipe Steve held in his hand. It was nec-
essary, or even good policy, for Tom to commit
his formula to paper. As long as the secretof
his preparation remained in _his own brain it
was safe. He walked about the room examining
everything he saw. When he had satisﬁed his
curiosity he returned to the kettle.

“I’d like to spoil this stuff on him. I heard
him say it was all .eady for bottling. Then
maybe if I carried oifr the recipe he wouldn’t be
voble to make any more, and I'd have the secret
all to myself.”

His eyes sparkled wickedly, and .he looked

around for something_to throw into the? kettle -

that would have the desired effect. On a small
. shelf was a saucer of very white sand.
“That’ll do," he grinned. “That’ll make it
gritty. Then it'll scratch any furniture it’s ap-
‘ plied to. It’ll spoil the furniture and the sale
of his polish. What fun that’ll be!”
. "He reached for the sand. In doing so he
_ slipped on a round piece of metal which lay on
the ‘ﬂoor. He reached out his hand to save him-
self, and accidentally caught hold of the kettle.
It went over with him, drenching him from head
to foot, and ﬁlling his ears, nose, and mouth
with the still hot liquid polish. He uttered a yell
that was’ heard in the kitchen of the Sherwood
house, and then rolled about the ﬂoor in a
paroxysm of pain. Steve suffered considerable
torture for the next fifteen minutes. Then, blub-
‘ bering like a child, he picked up a rag and tried
to clean himself. As soon as he got rid of the
ouperﬂuous stuff he sneaked out of the room,
relocked the door, took the ring of keys to the
locksmith, who regarded his bedraggled appear-
ance with some surprise, and then hurried oﬁ to
the nearest drug store.

 

‘CHAPTER IV.—A Gallant Rescue.

V In the meantime Tom Sherwood and Sam

Wiley went to the ball ﬁeld, and spent nearly_

threevhours practidng with their schoolmates.
They had a good‘ time, as a matter of course.
At length the game wasiﬁnished, and the young
ball tossers dispersed for their homes. Sam
~ walked part of the way home with Tom, and
left him at his own gate, As Tom turned into
the street above his own, the ‘most tony thorough-
fare, in Englewood, his attention was suddenly
, attracted to the residence of Thomas Hanford,
- ﬂnegpresident of the First National Bank of En-
1-. ' ood. A suspicious-looking dark smoke was
- ing from the tops of two windows on the
lecondﬂoor.
“Gee whiz!" exclaimed the boy, stopping and
looking up atvthe. house. '“I believe Hanford’s

_ Hardly had he-uttered the  before he
‘gown-epurt‘of-ﬂamﬁteydera 

.

 
 

_g,up.tlie.-curtains of one 
 erewedenréu

  

on max

 

Most any boy tinder the circumstances wou‘d'
have started in yelling “Fire!” and making Rome
howl generally. Tom had more, presence of mind. »
than that. He darted for the automatic ﬁre-
alarm box, which he knew stood at the corner-
of the street, and sent in the alarm, then be
rushed back to the burning building, which had
‘already attracted the attention of several pas-
sers-by. He sprang through one of the iron
gates, ﬂew across the lawn toward the rear of the —
mansion, and running to the‘ kitchen annex gave ‘
the alarm to the cook and other servants downe‘ .
stairs. In great consternation all of them tum- ’
bled out into the grounds. The ﬁre was now
making good headway, and a crowd was begin-
. ning to collect in the street outside. _

“Where’s the family?” asked Tom of a hysteri- ~
cal maid. ' g g

“All out riding except Miss Olive."

“And where is Miss Olive?"

“Up in her room on the third ﬂoor. She has a
severe headache, and couldn't go out this after-
noon." _

Tom, conscious that Miss Olive Hanford, the
ﬁfteen-year-old daughter of the house, was in,
great danger, darted for the itchen once more.
with the intention of making ' way upstairs to.
the third floor, and giving the young girl warn-.
ing of her peril. No sooner was he inside the
house than the smell of burning wood came quite .
plainly to his nose: Flying up the broad stair:
way, two steps at a time, he was met at the
head of the ﬂight by a dense cloud of smoke
which was pouring out through one of the doors,»
which stood ajar. He had no idea which door’
opened into Miss 0live’s room, but time was too’
precious for him ‘to stand on ceremony. so he;
threw open the first one at hand, and enteredévg
the apartment. There was no one in it, sohe
tried the next, with a similar result. Then he
dashed into the front room, which was directly..-
over the ﬁre below. The noise he made. startled
into wakefulness a lovely young girl, who had
been lying asleep on the bed Olive Hanforgl
scarcely knew whetlfer she ought to scream or -V
not under the circumstances, for though Tom
didn't look very ferocious, he was certainly very”
much excited. _ ’ ‘-

f‘Quick!” he shouted, the moment his eyes '7°=
restgd on her. “Come with me. The house is’
on re.

If the girl had been startled before she 
more so now. ’ She jumped to the floor and ran-kivl
up to Tom. She uttered a little shriek as shefg
saw the thick smoke coming up the staircas¢';»'f_
and ﬂoating into the room. Then she ﬂew,to‘the ~ 1;
closed window-blinds and threw them open. Tom -5.1
rushed up and grabbed her by the arm. ~ " i ' 

“There is not a moment to lose if we are 
escape by thestairway.” V *_.

She understood, and permitted him tolead her»;-_
out into the corridor.‘ But one look down turf?’
stairway showed both the utter impossibility" of 
passing through that mass of smoke, now lighted "*6
up by/‘the ‘ﬂames. which were eating their 
gradually up the stairs. Tom then, encircling;
her slender waist with his arm, drew bet_into'-
the rear room, and throwing up one of 
d0W8,‘lu0ko5d out; Therewas ,no escape-forj _
«tnthat  than-.1113»

   
 
   
      
     
 

   
   

,:.r’.’

     
      
 

 
  

    

    

  

  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
     
     
      
    
   
   

three stories to the lawn. Then Tom thought

2.
%
§

 “Whereis the ladder leading to the roof?” he
asked Olive, feverishly.
" ‘She tremblingly pointed to a door in a corner

.«"the steps, and unshipped the scuttle. Then he
came down again and assisted her up. The pure
r of heaven was a great relief to their parched
.- , throats and smarting eyes. Tom made his way
, to the edge of the roof in front, and looked down

» at the throng below, and the active ﬁremen who
- Iwereibringing up their hose. He saw that the
‘ ﬂames had made their, way into the third floor
" front room, and that the house was now threat-
“ ened with complete destruction. The building
‘- an ell one story lower than where Tom and
've stood, and the boy felt they must reach

* that somehow, as the tire had not yet got as far
:: as that. ’ Had he been alone he would have
rr thought nothing of jumping the distance, but he
had the girl to save, and could not desert her
.. -‘that way. While he was considering how to get
. her 0.; the upper roof, the ﬂames appeared over
the front and opposite -side of the roof, making it
imperatively necessary for them to make a hasty

E.

.. “We must get down to the roof of the ell,” he
said to his fair companion.
 “How can we‘! Must I jump?” she asked,
 from the ordeal. _
j“I am going to let myself down as far as I
eg and hold my position by a grip on the cop-
. You must do likewise, then throw your
' around me and slide down till you reach
, - feet, when you must drop. The distance will
ﬂien be only a few feet."
, She -agreed to attempt this method, which
. seemed to be the only available one. ‘Tom car-
ried out his part of it, then at his bidding Olive
. lowered herself alongside _of him, then
grasped him aboiit the neck and shoulders, and
wly allowed ‘herself to slip down till she
‘grwung by her hold on his shoes only. Then she
. ppedsafely to the roof of the ell. Tom fol-
Albwed her a moment later. They were now com-
‘ratively safe, and had only to wait till a lad-
_ was raised, and they were both taken down.
.-’,.A.I,.soon as she reached the lawn and knew the
.was_safe‘Olive fainted. . .

3.
E
5

  

. . - O
' ER V'.——'A-Chance Comes.Over the Sher-
. __ _; wood Household. '
‘Ky’-this time the Hanford ﬁsidence was a
r ‘of ﬂames from the second story iipfwhile
 had their hands full trying to save
ground.‘-‘loor and« its valuable contents. _Tom
,-the unconscious Olive in the hands of one
maids, and then retired to a distance to
Ithe frogress of the ﬁre. TAn Argus-eyed
r'fo lowed him up, and much against his
-‘ 83¢ boy gave his name and address, and
iphrticulars of= his experience in the burning
as the reporter wanted for his story.
. 2.‘ ‘family were at dinnerfwlieu Tom got back

  

  
   

 
  

  
 
    
   

.3 I-.'e‘mi'giit ‘Vweil ut the
"  ‘S magic that

 
 

-of the upper landing. He dashed it open, ran up.

one”. Aftelrit dinner. Joni" went’ to his-

  
   

"ALWAYS ON DECK V - I ' 5‘

1'

afternoon ‘into_ bottles, so as to have them all
ready for labeling andwrapping. }_Ie was amazed
to find the copper kettle overturned on the ﬂoor.
and ‘its.contents in pools and blotches in the
vicinity_ of the gas-stove._ . He_ went to the door,
and looked at the lock to see if it_ had been tam-
pered with, but there _were no signs of such a
thing. Then  examined the open window-sill‘
for some indication that a ladder might have been
used to élfect an entrance through it. He could.
nt Iﬁlrid ang scratches. . 4

“ ’ go own and 'f th I dd h
disturbed lately,” he said.‘ e_ 8 er as been‘

He did_, but the ladder lay._m its accustomed
,position Just as he had noticed it that morning.

This ladder hasn't been used to-day,” he mun.
tered. Whoever was in my work-room got in
by the door, and he must have had a duplicatg
key to my own. I don t like the looks of this for
a cent. I must-get a new lock."

_He returned to the .room and cleaned up the
damage’ that had been‘done. \ It was half-past
eight oclock, and the Sherwood family were
Eatheredun their ;sitting-room. Mr. Sherwood
Was leading =3 curient copy of_ one of_tlie monthly
gagazines, his wife was sew_ing,_while Tom and

enry were seated, on opposite sides of the cen.
ter-table absorbed in their favorite literature. At
that moment the door-bell rang.

. I wonder who that can be?" said Mrs. Sher-

“Q95. 100king_up from her work. v
I have‘ no idea," replied her husband, as the
patter of the maid’s feet was heard in the hall.
gresently the maid knocked at the door. — ‘

“Come,in," said Mr. Sherwood.

_ Theres a gentleman in the parlor, ‘sir. Ha
wishes to see Tom.”

“Wishes. to see Tom?" exclaimed Mr. Sher-
wood. Did he say what his name was?"

“Yes, sir. It’s Hanford."

“Hanford!” ejaculated Tom's father in some
astonishment, for he did not eiiljoy the g¢quain_\.
xacﬂei <1i’(f’rtgeml!ig.;ik president. Did you say he .

:Y,'es, sir.” _

111 89 _and see hiin myself,” said Mr. Sher-
wood, suiting the action to the word.

He was absent about live minutes, when he re-
turned and called his eldest son out of the Silfr
ting-room. _ _

“WhY’ddln’t you tell us that you saved,Mr.
_Hanford s daughter from being burned to death
in the_fire this afternoon?" he said’ to Tom.

“Neither you nor mother gave me much chance
to‘say anything about the ﬁre when I came in
to dinner." \ 4 '

‘‘Yo_u have had i>le_ntly opportunity to mention
tl_ie_ circumstances since you' have been in the .
sitting-room.” . A

"I didn't think you would feel particularly ln- ‘
terested in my connection with the affair: be-
sides,’ I d]lfl!:;tTd0 anything extraordinary, any-
way, rep ie om.

,“Didn’t do. anything extraordinary, eh? Did-
nt you go into the-burning house, make

. 3333 1
way through the smoke and fine to the third ﬂoor ,_ -

where Mr. Hanford’ da hte w asleep,
her to the. roof, and _sthenni§sais,t' lie:-sdowu to 

roof of the ell, from whieh the ﬁmnieii 

You bOth'.’". _ K _
‘ “Yea, airy".-._: ‘  '1 ‘i g; “'4 "’  -' ’."T"fl““ :

 

 
 

 

,.
"7

 

.:.-;,-'-L.’

 
 
  
    
 
 
  

  

- ordinary? ,

§ ,  ALW-,AYS_ON, DECK '

“And you don’t call that anything’ out of the
Go into the parlor.
wants to see you."

“Tom Sherwood, I am under the greatest of
obligations to you for the service you rendered
my daughter Olive during the ﬁre at my resi-
dence,” said the banker as soon as Tom entered
the parlor. “My daughter says that but for you
she would have been burned to death, as she
never would have been able to have got out of
the house herself. She is our only child, my lad,"
continued Mr. Hanford, with emotion, “so you
may easily imagine ho\v her mother and I feel
toward you for your brave conduct in her behalf.
You took many chances in going to her assist-
ance, and might have shared the same fate you
tried, successfully, I am happy to say, to avert.
We shall never forget the debt we owe you,
neither will Olive, who is more than anxious to
meet you again, so as to express her gratitude.
We are now stopping temporarily at my sister's
home on Hancock street» The number is 222.
You must call there to—morrow without fail, as
Mrs.”Hanford is very anxious to thank you her-

“I’m glad I happened to come along at the
right moment, sir," replied the boy. “I only did
what anybody should have done under the cir-

, cumstances," he added modestly.

 

\

   
 

     

I .‘.presence of mind.

Mr. Hanford, however, insisted that he had

acted like a. young hero, and that every dollar he
owned in the world would be insuﬂicient to cancel
the debt he owed Tom if he were to settle the
obligation in that way.
. “Now, my lad, you can rely on our personal
friendship after this. You must call and see us,
Olive in particular, as often as you feel disposed
to do so. And if ever 1' can do you a favor don’t
fail to let me know.”

With these words, and exacting a promise from
Tom that he would surely call at 222 Hancock
street next day, the banker‘ took his departure,
When Tom returned to thesitting-room he found
his mother and father talking about him, with
Henry as an interested listened.

“Your mother and I wish to hear the whole
story about your rescue of Mr. Hanford’s daugh-
ter," said Mr. Sherwood, in a tone somewhat dif-
ferent to that which he was accustomed to use
toward Ihis ﬁrst-born. “From the little I heard

. from Mr. Hanford’s lips it would appear that you

performed a highly commendable action."

Tom regarded his father with some surprise.
This was the ﬁrst time within his recollection
that Mr. Sherwood had‘ addressed him in that
strain. His stepmother, too, seemed to view him
in a different light. In response to his father's
request the ho narrated his adventure from the
moment he ha first seen the smoke issuing from

" the tops of the windows until he delivered Olive

‘ Hanford over to her mother’s maid.

, ‘Ygdi have more courage than I ever gave you
credit for, Tom," said his father, somewhat
 “There is nogdoubt but your name
will be in the morning papers, and that you will
be highly praised for your prompt action and
I am glad to see that you

  

e

in’.3FE'?Y~‘i-'5”?!-4 
‘-1’ ;=‘ ‘ ‘  .

Mr. Hanford .

   
    

st°ry°b°okI ‘
  . * ‘‘..°’.‘‘:''

“I trust, Thomas, that you will cultivate the. 14
acquaintance of the Hanfords," said his_ step- ,~
mother. “They are very rich, and move in our ‘
best society." ‘a . ' . ‘<

“I must have _done a big thing,” g_rinned_Tom, i
as he went to his room that night, “when it. has 3
madehsucli a wonderful change in the home at- _t
mosp ere. -‘

CHAPTER VI.—Tom Calls on Olive Hanford.

When Tom appeared at the breakfast table
next morning he was treated with a degree of *’
consideration that was entirely new to him. Tom -,
was hard at work in his sanctum making a fresh -
supply of his Lusterine to replace what had been
destroyed when Sam Wiley made his appearance.

“Hello, Tom,” greeted Sam, “_what the dickens
have you been up to? You've got your name in _
the papers as a hero of the first water. Tell me
all about it."

“If you’ve read the morning paper you know
as much, or even more, than I do about the af-
fair. What those reporters can’t do with a aen- "
srational story isn’t worth mentioning," laughed

om. .

“If you‘ only had your Lusterino ready now ‘
that would be a. line advertisement for you_to
begin business with," snickered Sam. “Making
a fresh supply of it, are you? Got the other lot
bottled, I s'pose.” _

“No, I haven't. The kettleful you saw yester- .
day is gone to the bow—wows."

‘‘How’s that?" asked Sam, in surprise. ,
”"‘Found it all over the ﬂoor when I came up. ,
here last evening." .

“You did?” - 

“I did. Somebody got in here while I was '2
away at the ball ﬁeld, and upset the kettle." - - ‘

“Sulferiiig saucepans! Is that a fact?” in as-
tonishment. .,

,“That’s a -fact. Can't you see the stains on
the boards?"-

Sam saw plainly enough. _

“Who could have served you such a scurvy’ 72-‘
trick as that?" 

“Steve Porter! Would he have the nerve to ~33
come back here after what you said to him yo'o- ,3
terday?" - , ~ _ 7

“It is not impossible.” ‘ p v a

When Tom Sherwood went into the house to * -
lunch he had five dozen bottles of his Lusteriife ' _
labeled and standing on a wide bench in front if ]‘
one of the windows ready to be wrapped up 33: ‘
soon as_he got the wrappers from the printei, ‘
Sam had been instructed in the mystery of the
composition of the polish, and shown how to‘
prepare it.
and a ﬁrm

   
   
   
  
 

>-

..'i' ‘

 
  
    

He was an enthusiastic assistant,"»"t’e“~
believer in its ultimate success as 8113
commerczal product. About half-past two Tom  "
left him in charge of the sanctum and went to 3
his room to dress for his visit to the Hanford's._~"- .25

“You’re looking swell, old man.’ grinned ' ‘ .51
when he came back to see if his chum wanud any I‘
further points before he left. “Got on your ’ "

day rig. eh?” ‘

     

f  wanting when the emergency presented ‘That’ right.‘ A fellow has‘ got.to look  .
" ' ‘ ‘ when he . 11; on. a pretty girl, especially ; . ‘
 acted just like the hero in she belongs to; ~

   

the -upper crust like loliye, U‘ 7
 . ' i ..  ’. 3 

u

 
 

  

5;r_ 1 ‘ I ._ ' ALWAYS 0"N’D'ECK A‘ 7

‘ ‘Bet your life,’f replied Sam. “I always put
: on my glad rags when I so to see my steady.”
'“Who's that? Sadie Cobb?”
Sam grinned.
“Well, you can shut up the shop when you get
through if I'm not back.”
'- “All -right. What’l1-I do with the key?”
“Hand it to the cook.” -
.-‘Sam said he would and Tom started for
Hancock street. When he rang the bell at No.
__222, the servant took his name and showed him
_into the parlor. Presently Olive came tripping
7 fvdownstairs looking as sweet as a box of caramels.
" ‘ “It’s awfully nice of you to call so soon, Mr.
Sherwood,” ‘said Olive, seating herself beside
.- ’ ' him. .
' > ‘‘It’s a
g on such a‘nice girl as you are,” replied Tom, and
 then he blushed as if astonished at his own
".“You are certainly not a bashful boy,” she
-‘ said. “I am very much obliged to you for the
1 _ "compliment." ;
" ‘ “You are welcome,” he replied. “I hope you
3'7 have suffered no ill eﬁects‘from the excitement
.. of -yesterday’s ﬁre.” _ _ —
~ ‘ “No. I am all right again, thank you.”‘ _
' ‘ > Then she hastened to assure To_m of her grati-
hde for his gallant assistance in her hour of
--need. At this point Mrs. I-Ianford entered the
M lor. She greeted Tom cordially, and thanked
9‘ ‘im with much feeling for what he had done for
1;_her daughter.
;: “We hope to number you among our most
=»“ ‘valued friends hereafter, Mr. Sherwood,” she
‘-2-. said, with a smile. “I hope you will call on us
 before we go’ to the Catskills for the sum-
.»mer'' '

 ‘I shall be pleased to do so,” replied Tom.
~ “When do you expect to go away'!”.
‘ "‘It will probably be three weeks before we
- ,,can leave I-Inglewood, as most of our summer
: . ~-gﬁwns were destroyed by the ﬁre, and they will
‘ye to be replaced." _ _ ._ _
Shortly afterwards Mrs. Wilson, Olive’s aunt,
 in, and he was‘introduced to her. She also
I  some very nice things to say to him about
71113" courageous conduct at the ﬁre. and _how Iriuqh
ﬁg-tlﬁ familywas inde to him for saving Olive s
if life,.- Dinner was s rved about seven, and Tom
seiiioyed it ve -much’, especially as -Olive sat
 -‘wide--him, an made herself ver_y eriterta’ining.
‘ r hero prolonged hisvisit until nine.0¢10Ck.
aiidthen took his leave, promising Olive that he
 call on her before she went to the country.

i...

 

.
~22’

     
 
 
  
   
   
     
  
    
  

 

 

:.;_.,éEAl"I"I-3.12 VII.—Tom Starts Out to Create a
L; ' __: _Demaﬁd for the Invincible Lusterine.
— a—.‘l‘oni hid oriﬁially decided to make a house-to-
 canvhss -Englewood with his Lusterine,
fir-..7ﬂ§t'fﬁ3;p‘n_rpose' at introducing it at ﬁrst on a
.r .: W’ aehlel After further deliberation he came
 ebpctl,uaionththtat this wﬁtv ‘zvasintoohstlowi :3
sfpaiﬁahc -—aitou o iron.
11;.  _ eiilensive scale. ‘He resolved to begin
 ‘ ‘ ' _in__I’)undee,a‘ '

   
   

.m_.. eej

great privilege to beipermitted to call ’

_ rin town.dT_lli|ere'

  
 

he couldn't persuade him to give his Lusterino
a trial on the cases. With this purpose in view
he purchased a small second-hand suit-case,
packed a sample can and a couple of dozen bot- 
tles of his polish in it, together with slabs of
differently stained woods, shaved thin, showing
the results attained by the Invincible Lusterine,
and took the train one morning for Dundee.
Reaching the factory, he entered the office, which
was on the ground floor, and asked to see the
manager. He was admitted to the private oﬁico.

"Mr. Smith,”- he began, in a business-like way,
“I wish to call your attention to a new wood pol-
ish I have lately invented, and which is specially
adapted for piano cases. You are using, I sup-
pose, one of the best polishes on the market on '
your cases, but when you have given my Luster-
ine a fair test I’ll guarantee that you won't want
to use any othenpolish."

The manager of the famous Dundee pianos
looked at Tom with an indulgent smile.

“The polish we use is an established brand of
the finest French article, and ﬁlls the bill so well
that we are perfectly satisﬁed with the results we
get from it, and consequently we couldn't think
of~making any change.” '

“I do not dispute your statement, sir, but what -
I do say is this, that my Invincible Lnsterine is
so far ahead‘ of any French polish«manufactui-ed
as to be in a class by itself.” . .

Manager Smith favored Tom with 8. ha.lf—in-
credulous, half-pitying smile.

“Young man, you have a very expansive 
of your Lustei-ine, as you call it; but I’m afraid
you are only wasting my time as well as your '
own in seeking to boom it here. As I have al-
ready said, the polish we use is perfectly satis-
factory, and we do not intend ,to make a change.’

“All right, you know your business, sir. How-
ever, I should like to show you what my Luster-
ine .is _capable,of doing. I have a few sample
woods in my bag here I hope you will permit me
to show you. I am sure you will not refuse me
that favor, as I have come all the way from ;.
Englewood to exhibit them to you.” .

“Very well,” replied Mr. Smith, a bit impa-
tiently. “I‘ will look at them.” .

Tom opened his suit-case, and taking out the »
half-dozen pieces of thin wood stained in diﬂ'er-
ent tints, which he had carefully treated with his -
Lusteriiie, laid them upon the manager’s desk.
The gloss upon them fairly dazzled the manager
of the piano works. He took them up one by one,
and examined them carefully.

“I must admit that yours is a marvelous pol-
ish,” replied the astonished Mr. Smith. “Do you
mean to say that this is‘your- invention?”

' “Yes, sir." _

“I should like to try it on a sample case, and

see if it will produce similar results."

“I was about to propose that, sir. I '11“!

brought a tin full of the Lusterine for that pIu- ’

pose. Let one of your men give a, piano case
two coats of this, according to the directions an
the label, and you'll be surprised at the looks on!
the case. I've already tried it Gil our piano can
at home, and it brought out the original colorin
analtogether diﬁerent and imgyroved light.”
Tom handed the m,anager,t>.n' sample can he’
had-brought>withhim."‘\ ,-_r _ -A
It isn't necessaryfor me to say another 

t _ 1

  

.\>

 
  

   
    
   
    
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  

 

I -ALWAYS ON DECK

in favor of my Lusterine. The stuff will speak Tom said nothing, but when he carried it up to. 1 —»
 for itself assoon as you give it a chance, much ‘his room he thought that as the watch was his
‘more effectively than I could represent it if I property he ought to be the best judge of when
‘ talked all day," said the boy,'rising to take his he should wear it.
leave. .“This is my business card. I shall be “As I am a man of business now. I ought to
glad to hear from you as soon as you have had put on a good‘ front," he remarked to hinisdf.‘
the chance to test my luster, whether you decide “It is well to impress people with a sense of your
to substitute it for your present polish or not." importance when you approach them as I have
‘ “I will write you in a few days on the subject, to do to talk up my Invincible Lusterine."
MB Shel'W00d~ G00d°dﬁY-" , That evening he walked over to Sam's house 
“Good-day, sir,” and Tom left the manager’: to tell him about what he had done in Dundee ‘
oﬁce. that day. .
The rest of the day the young salesman -spent . “You did fine,” said Sam, enthusiastically. “Do ' ‘ '
among the furniture dealers of Dundee, demon- you think the piano factory will use the Lus-
strating the superiority of his Lusterine over terine?" ‘ - V
every other polish in the market. He succeeded “I couldn't say, Sam; but if they do it will add , ‘
in convincing the majority of the furniture a whole lot to the looks of their piano cases.”  ‘-
houses that his article had merits not to be “Where are you going next, Tom'.’?'- ’ ‘A ‘V
lightly thrust aside. In each case he left a sam- “I shall take a trip to Tuckerton to-marrow ‘V’ ‘
ple bottle with the ﬁrm to  applied to a. single Unionville next day, and Pomona on Satutday.~_
article of furniture, said article to be afterwards That.«wi11 about wind up our ,m_esent supply, ,‘,f—' 1'
placed in their show window as an advertisement Lusterine. Of course, you understand, Sam, that
of the Lusterine if. it fulﬁlled all the claims Tom we can’t exp ct any revenue from this intro-
inade for it. In that case a supply of the In- ductory putp t.‘ That is what is bothering me
vincible Lusterine was to be forwarded on sale. now. I ought to have several gross of Lustei-in‘,
made up to dispose of in this way. II
“That will take money, won't it?” said Sam,
" I with a drop in his countenance, for he had ex. ‘
CHAPTER VIII.—“'Porter’s Incomparable pected that Tom would get paid for every bobtir‘
 , Luster," of the luster manufactured.  ‘
’ “I should say it will. And the worst of it in ~ ‘_
‘When Tom reached home he found a small I don't know where I shall get the money from; ~

J”

 

  

   

4.!’ l tte t ped "th an embossed to carry out my new ideﬁs-"
<;?;k¢fggrea;infwhitieng lhiiifmlt hadlbeen left by one _“I'm afraid We’_11 1'18“ to E0 b_8¢k t0 Your 
lot‘ the Hanford servants, so his stepmother told ginal plan of selling the stun’ direct to consum-

     
 

    

       
  

  

   
 
  

  

“him. Both sheand Henry were exceedingly cu- ers for a while at least.” ‘ _,  1
 as to the nature of‘ its‘ contents. Tom “No, I don t want ‘to do thaw . I W31“? ‘O l11$9l'*’,.-
wopened the letter ﬁi-st. It read as follows: est the dealers in its sale, and thus create 1,,

, i -. steady demand. That is the way to build up K‘
_~“lIy Dear Mr, Sherwood: I beg you will ac- regular business, By and by. when we can of-.
.o’ept the oajcompanying watch and chain from ford. the expense, I mean to advertise it as ex
 Han! d and in if, as well as the attached tensively as_D0SSlb1e- F01’ the Dtesent I }vant to.
. charm from my do ter Olive, as a slight token make the thing pan out enough to _allow you ﬁn
1  r appreciation "for your gallant conduct at dollars a week income when vacation is uu,.;m&~
 to which resulted in the partial destruc- your mother looks to you for. returns."
tion of our home’ on Lincoln street. rWith the “How about yourself, ’I‘o_m2”

  
     
 

 

     
     
   
 

      
   

as, most heartfelt gratitude to you, I remain. “Oh, I'm not worrying about myself. The
 “Vcr sincerely yours, future will take care of me." 1%
“TH MAS HANFORD.” “S'pose we were to get a large order from tlii,;.5 
-- piano factory next week, c dd we fill it?_‘ The *1. ».

  

_ I
,‘.‘Let's see the watch and char\m, Tom," asked . materials cost money, you now."
_ 9'8”:-y eagerly. A - V _ “I'd ﬁll it somehow I shouldn't let anything
‘ Toni opened the package and found _a neat box like that get away from me after worlcingrgk,
inside bearing the imprint of the leading Jeweler up. Even _if we got the order we couldn't ex ‘
Englewood. Removing the cover and a shield the cash right away. _ _
171 cotton underneath, there was revealed a mag- ‘ Why not?” asked Sam, in some surprise.
uiﬁcent gold watch and heavy chain, together ‘Because all responsible ﬂrmsidemaml an? .
ia.rith.a;1 handsome diamond-encrusted _charin.C acc rded a certain margin of credit—-39, 64},
m I .**":..::Vi9:s‘i.iii::.i2: ::l°"3;:,i::.“  :::c::::::ai:°e;.i .,»»-  a i
I ' . . . 7. .
a pretty little gold ‘watch himself, “That's so."  ‘,4’,
»q‘§lto.Tom heretofore had been favored with only 9 “Tlienvwhere do we come in_?7’l .  F‘. _
,;ﬂain’_si_lvsr into: ‘but’ this watch, with its en- “Weniust hays a little capitalfhwresgig
i f.;P1:iasented to Thomas Sh_er- thi‘a‘vi:’merzency._ _ . _t i   W
_ gallan rescue of Olive here are ,we going 0 got . N’
one 6,"19.0§."~,mad¢ his own timepiece .t “'l;l'£t’s is 1313 problem my tray  .
T  u; . am, in: wi . _V  - 9
‘§gouie.~."* reinfarkedhfeglrc. ,sisgr'-‘  -“And. if you; new matter  
Its. ». 1 g I _  K «_:.¢’ _ —~,

auto: pfcotton , , y
M  a,"““°z;£’°'l‘.‘:i”’

 
  

        
      
  

  
   
     
     
     
  

   
 
  

    
 
 
 

    

 

      

 -ALWAYS ON DECK 9

’ couraged. I look to you to help me out with
the manufacturing end—the rest I will attend to.
I’m going to pull out if I break a leg doing it._"

“When are your stepmother and Henry going
to the mountains?’

“Next week.”
“v' ‘Then you're going to canvass this town,
* aren't you?”
;t‘- — “That’s what I am.”

“You'll need a new supply of the Lusterine."

“We'll have it, if I have to get credit at the
stores where I bought my last materials.”

“Will the store keepers charge it up to you or
to your folks?” _

“;I‘hey’ll have to charge it up to me or not at

.I -

 ’ “I wish I had some money to help you out,”
«.5 said Sam, earnestly.

1 ‘ ‘ “I did not expect to look to you for any money,
T “But I ‘am not really entitled to an interest in

your business unless I put up for it.’_’

' “You can pay for your interest one of these
;‘ ' days out of your proﬁts.”

“That’s pretty liberal of you, Tom, consider-
ing you're strapped at the very moment you need
“ money to carry this thing on. You could easily
sell a half interest in your Lusterine for good
,_ money, and put yourself on Easy street right
*-5.-”'“Y-" . .

-. ‘Probably I could, but I'm not going to. You're
the only partner I want, Sam. We’ve been chums
., “right along all through High School, and now

I ...3le’ll sink or swim together in this business.”
 '_*" ‘Tom, I’ll never forget what you're doing for
' ' me. You;are’ a trump.”

‘Thanks. So are you.
: take.a walk." _
 They took their way up the main street, oc-
- easionally looking-in at the show windows as

;. they ‘passed along. Suddenly Sam grabbed his
E“, , companion by the arm, and drew him up to the
 window of a small artistic cabinet-maker’s store.

..  ‘Dancing dervishes! Look there, will you!"

A h cried, greatly excited. , .

" Tom looked In the window was a neatly
 card-board 'sign. standing as a back-
Egeg: ‘ _d to a dozen labeled bottles containing a

 '__k-colored liquid. The sign read:

A; PORT]-ZIPS INCOMPARABLE LUSTER
3 '2’ Beware of Imitations!

 ‘ The only thing of its kind on the market.
-. . Only Ten Cents a bottle-three bottles for
aquarter. Buy it and try it. Money re-
funded if not satisfactory. Steven Porter,
Inventor and Manufacturer. Danny Mack,
General Sales Agent.

 

 

 

Come'out and let us

  
  

  
  
   
  
     
  
   
    
 
 
   
   

 

CHAPTER IX.—"Stop Thief !"

9 .
' PWeIl, what do you think‘of that?” exclaimed
in a ton: of the deepest disgust". “Wouldn’t

1" J -
ble Luster, eh!‘ chuckled

 4 c In
t kind of stuff it is? Let's

"'_1wonder:'w

I

- store.

“What do you want here?” he asked, with a
sardonic grin.

“We don't want to see you, at any rate," re-
plied Tom, coolly.

“Then you'd better get out again," replied
Steve, in a nasty tone.

“Are you running this store?” asked Tom.‘

“What’s that to you?”

Tom shoved by him, went up to the counter,
and rapped on it.

“What do you want?
He's out just now.”

“Oh, this is your uncle’s store, is it? ,There’s
a sign in the window advertising a new furniture
polish. I wanted to see what it looks like.” _

“Jealous, are you, ’cause I've got ahead of
you,’f grinned Steve.

“I’m not worrying about that. Trot out a
sample of your polish, and if it’s as good as mine
I'll take my hat off to you.”

“I s’pose you think it isn't?”

“I’m not supposing anything till I see the
goods. Show up your Incomparable Luster. Pro-
duce a sample of what it can accomplish.”

“There it is on that chair," replied Steve com-
placently. _

Tom and his chum immediately looked at the
chair in question. It had a fair polish on it, but
nothing extraordinary nor different from what
could be obtained from’ any furniture polish on
the market.
T “Is this a fair sample of your luster?" asked

om.

“Yes, it is. What’s the matter with it?" «-

Tom looked at" Sam, and Sam returned the

lance—then both grinned broadly. Steve got his

ck up at once.

“Came in here to make fun of it, did you?” he
snarled. “You'd better get out."

“N0. vve'_re not making fun of the polish. We're
only thinking about your nerve in calling that ,

This is my uncle’: ,_

‘shine an Incomparable Luster, when it's only a

plain, everyday polish.”

_“It’s better than your old stuff, at any rate,” .
cried Steve, angrily. -

“How do you know it is?"

“I know it is." .

“We haven't put a drop’ of it on sale in this
town yet. so how do you happen‘to be so well .
informed?" ; ,

“That's my business.” -

“Then I suppose it was you who,got into my
workshop after I told you to keep away, and up-
set thabkettleful of my Lusterine.”

_ “Who says I did?" demanded Steve, aggres— ,
sively. _

:¥Vo¢11,. I sayrso. i_ff you want tr; kgow." ;

ure a iar i on ' \-
thin'g,” blustered Stev: _ say Id {my gush .

“Thanks. You're a gentleman, I don't think.

“gid you come in here to insult me?" I

“ 0; we ca ' h to -
at Law,» ‘::..::',..°i*.,.. S“  "°°W 

“I want to know by what right you say I‘ en-
tered your work-shop." l ‘ ’

‘fwell. you borrowed some keys from the lock- ;_
smith in the street below my house, and you A »-~’
used one 0! those keys to unlock the door o!-3:) . "R4

u. y

 

  

 

 
   

‘~10

“You upset the stulf that was in the kettle on
your clothes.”

“It's a. lie, I tell you.”

“The locksmith told me that when you brought
back the keys you borrowed your clothes were
all spattered with a composition resembling my
Lusterine.”

“He told you a lie.”

“All right. We’ll let it go at that.

. whether you're guilty or not.”
' “I wish you’d get out of here.”

A ’ ’ “We’re going, as we've found out all we. want

to know. If I was you I wouldn’t try to fool the
public with that furniture polish- You are put-
ting up claims that you can't make good, and
may get into trouble.”

“You go to grass. I know my business."

“Maybe you do, but-I doubt it,” replied Tom,
as he and Sam walked toward the door.

“Yaw!” snorted Steve after them. “Don't come
_in here again.”

“I won’t until I come in to show vour uncle
what-mv Lusterine is like, and get him to ad-
vertise i" in his window in place of your in-
comparable fraud.”

“Don't you dare to do that,” yelled Steve,
dancing about the store like a wild Indian. “He
wouldn’t have anything to do with your old
stuff.”

“He will if he consults his own’ interests. I'm

-going to put my Lusterine into every furniture
store in town." '

With that parting shot Tom and his friend

-Sam walked out of the cabinet-maker's store,
leav‘ng Steve Porter wild with rage. Tom went
to Tuckerville on the following day, and succeed-
edin getting most of the furniture stores to put
his Lusterine on sale after he had shown what
it would do. He was unable to leave more than
two bottles of the luster at each place,-owing
to his l_imited‘supply. _ _

,€Simila.r results attended his trips to Unionville

_-'i_' on Friday and Pomona on Saturday.

.“No use talking," he-said to himself, on his

. way home from the latter place. “We’ve got to
ma e a bigger supply if I'm going to do busi-

' ness. The dealers are all taking kindly to it, and
itxlliev wouldn't do that unless they saw something

it." ‘

‘ But a bigger supply couldn't  produced with-
out’ money or credit for the time being. On
‘Monday of; the following week Mrs. Sherwood
and Henry departed for the summer resort they
had selected. Tom, much to his surprise, was in-

- vited to goalong with them, but‘ he politely de-
clined on theplea of prior arrangements. Henry

I tried to,’ discover what those arrangements were,
_ but did‘not succeed. Mrs. Sherwood had an idea
that perhaps Mrs. Hanfordvand her daughter had
invited him to accompany them to the Catskills.

I Tom succeeded in procuring enough raw materi-
_al on creditvto manufacture a suﬂicient. supply

' ,af..hia.luster to enable him to put the still? on
[sale t.hrougli,ont_,_En¢l‘ewood. He also stood _the
' printer up for a hundred show cards t0'D1lt‘llltQ

 

'1'. *7. the windows.-

 He didn’t bother visiting Steve Porter's uncle,
’- he didn't care to chance another run-in with

       

You know

    

ALWAYS ON ‘DECK

successful even at one place, as his luster had
no particular merits to attract notice to itself.
While visiting a small cabinet-maker's shop in
the residential section, Tom ran across Steve
and his side partner, Danny Mack, making a
house-to-house canvass with the incomparable
Luster. They both gave him black looks, and '
would have attacked him if they had dared.
When he came out of the shop he found them
standing on the other side of the street. Instead
of continuing their canvass they started to fol-

.low him wherever he went, much to his annoy-

ance. He wondered what they were up to, but
of course could not tell what their object was in
dogging his steps.

“I s’pose they want to see where I go. They're ,
welcome to. I don't believe it will do them any 1
good.” _ ' . ,

Tom took in as many more places, all.small;
shops, as he had bottles of Lusterine to ‘supply. At
all such shops he sold from one to three bottles
outright at a discount for cash, and left a show «:
card with each. The retail price of his Lusterine _
was 25 cents——the wholesale, 15 cents. Having
sold out entirely, and with about $6 in his pocket,
half of which was proﬁt, Tom started for home.
As he was crossing a certain street a carriage >
whizzed past, and a small package dropped out
of it almost, at his feet. Tom picked it ‘up,
shouted to the driver, and as he paid no attention,
started to give chase to the vehicle in order to .
return the package, which he saw had no name , -
or address on it. The moment he did so Steve",
Porter and Danny Mack, who saw the whole 'i<
thing, started after him yelling “Stop Thief!” ,j_
at the too of their voices. - - ‘

Their'cries, as a matter of course,‘ attracted‘ "
immediate attention, and people on the sidewalk.
turned and looked after Tom. Several joined -2’:
Steve and Danny in the pursuit. Tom was so '.:{

 

' intent on overtaking the carriage that he was

not aware of the growing excitement behind himu 
Seeing the vehicle slow up" to let a car pass at ,,~:
the next corner, he put on a fresh burst of, ‘f
speed, but it dashed on again before he could‘?
catch it. Steve was not much of a 1-unner,’ai‘id;‘ '33
his friend Danny soomdistanced him and pushed" .?",n.
his way to the front of the people who ‘ha'd~~“’.‘
joined in the chase of the unsuspecting boy. The» -;
excitement grew apace as another block was cov- .,'{
ered by pursuers and pursued. ;;
“Stop thief !” roared‘Danny Mack again and’
again as he led the crowd that followedclose on‘ -.
the boy's heels. \_ -P‘
A policeman standing on the corner immediate-‘ ‘
ly joined in the chase. It was a strenuous ino'- ﬁi
merit for Tom Sherwood. . ‘ ‘ 5'

CHAPTER i:.é—wiiat“ Was in the Package‘Tomi"_
. ‘ Found. - - - .4» “

at that moment,‘ and as Tom was  to‘
realize that he would never be able to  

the carriage on ‘foot, he made, a dash for

 

      

  

 i   h:.e:..» s. ‘and em  he  t°”‘°‘.5.‘ we *..i.°~.:»..-:.*.. -5 we  
   “ -stow. .—.—o ' inn 0 ‘$.33? I-.a°.e~“ ..e .. .
" me;-:2ie”ga9wha.-51ei'ih, w-st-at ‘°9“==*!i*¢,»e4 rm: %§.,fli€f'*“=ee,;*"‘if559!"-?!*‘4'1*»'

         

     
 

  

 "ALWAYS

 
  

;rapidly by him and stepped out on the platform
pvhere the motorman stood.

“I've picked up a package which was dropped
_by some one in yonder carriage. I’m trying to
5 ‘- catch up with it. Don’t you think you could put

: on a’ little extra speed for half a block or so?”

"  “Sure,” replied the motorman, and he let her
out another notch.

. . The car bounded ahead at a faster pace, leav-
ing Tom's pursuers hopelessly in the rear, and
y the fun of it all was that the boy never dreamed

that he had been chased. Tom now had great
V hopes of overtaking the carriage when. as the
"‘ next corner was approached, the conductor rang
the bell to stop the car.

‘That settles it,” said the boy, as he saw the
carriage turn up the street. “I must trust to
my legs again." \

But he was now down in the crowded business
section, and he found that 'he could not make
A suﬂlcient. headway to reach the fast-disappearing
- carriage, so was compelled to give up the

, pursuit and continue on home. Sam, who had
(one out on a house-to—ho se tour with a sup-
.- - ply-of Lusterine, had not ve returned when Tom
‘ "xwent up to his sanctum. So our hero sat down
near his work-bench and unwrapped the bundle
to see if he could ﬁnd inside any clew to the

_%ghtiuI owner.

,000, coupon Government four-per-cent. bonds.
 ‘Gee whiz! What a find! And not a scrap of
information to show .who they belone to. When
_ the owner discovers his loss I'll bet he’ll pull his
‘hair out by the roots. I must show them to
. father: and ask his advice in the matter."
Just then Sam came bustling in empty-handed.
‘I've sold every bottle,,'l‘om,” he cried glee-
_ “Twenty bottles at 25 cents a bottle is $5,
and-here is the coin‘to prove it.”
Be slapped down a handful of silver on the

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
    
   
    
    
  
  
  

3,.
53

 bench. ,
 “How did you make out yourself?’_’ he added.
“ ~“-First-class. I've brought back $6. You made
the most proﬁt, as you got the retail price. I
disposed of all but two bottles for 15 cents each.”
f‘Six and five are eleven,” counted Sam. “Let
me see what our proﬁt is this afternoon.”
 ﬁgured up and found that it amounted» to

50. . .
. . “If we could do that every day we could keep
tie  rolling in great shape,” he said, enthu-

cally. . -
,“I expect we shall make ten times that amount
in ‘aday when we get the business in good run-
~ shape.” _ .
f"r¢n times!” gasped Sam, his eyes protruding
,. wonder. « .
V ‘Sure. Why not? By and by everybody will
t Sherwoodis Invincible‘ Lusterine. We’ll
the monopoly of its sale. Everybody’ll have
 to ice as; by us I mean our jobbers and
 for it, and consequently the money will
in on us l the ‘water over the_ falls of
ra. We'll ave our ‘factory, of which you’.l1
4 ‘ perintendont; our busy shipping depart-
= A I our. ~ ‘book_keepers,c “tdfvez-tising’nm)anager,
 "act,we avea
r employees, all duwfing good‘
‘ ' ‘.353!-'.'.\ 

  

  

.3‘

The bundle contained twenty’

W130!

ON DECK 11

“I wish I could think so.”

“I’ve made up my mind to make it come true.
That's the only way to get there. I’m going to
have a fat bank account at the First National
long before I get bald-headed."

“And I suppose you'll marry Olive Hanford
and live haiipvever after.” snickered Sam.

“I don’t know about that part of it.” blushed
Tom. “She might not have me, you know."

“Oh, she'll have you fast enough if you pile
'up the dough.”

“I shouldn't want her if I thought it was only
a question of money.”

f‘We1l, the girls all seem to have their eyes
.’~‘i{lI‘.l’l€(l for the money these days. Hello, what's
those’ documents you have in your hand?”

“These documents are United States Govern-
ment bonds.” '

“Go on. What are you giving me?” replied
Sam, incredulously. ‘

1 “1P’9n’t you believe what I say? Just take a
oo .
“Gee! They are for fair.

such a lot of ’em?”
“Picked them up in the street.”
“You did what?”
“Picked them up, I tell you.’
“Do you mean that?” ‘ I
“I do.”
‘ “My gracious! What are they worth?”
“Twenty thousand dollars.”
“And you found them in the street!
are, you going to do with them?”

“Fipd their owner. of course, and return them.”

Tom then recounted to his chum how he had
come by the package which contained the bonds.

“You had a strenuous time of it trying to over-
take that carriage. How do you expect to ﬁnd
the owner of the bonds?" ‘

“I expect they will be advertised for at once."
th“You ought to get a reward for returning

em.

“If any is offered I shan’t refuse it. We need
the money in our business.”

What

“He'd be a pretty mean man that wouldlfti

give you something decent." .

“What do you call decent?”

“Well, I should say that $100 is the least you
ought to expect."
_ “I'd be glad to get a hundred. It would come
in mighty handy now.”‘

“Would ‘you really put as much as that into
your Lusterme business?"

“Well, say, I’d slap athousand in if I had it.’

“A hundred would put us on our feet, I
guess.” - A

“It would help to keep things moving.” I "

"1 8’l>0se, -I'd better get around early to-mor-
as Ive got some more of the polishjo
make." , _

“That's right.” - ‘ I:

“You haven't heard ‘from the piano
have you?”

“No.”

“Most time, isn’t it?’

“Yes.” 

“I hope they send as an order.’

firm rot.

   

  

"‘Iho v to:-if should» 
 _'a, t."

_.7

‘K

Where did you get

 

 

     
      
 
 

     
  
    

  
 

  
  
 
  
  
    

    
    

-Q‘ ...,\,. . --v

712 I ‘ ALWAYS

could handle alone, Sam. I’d have to hire an as-
sistant for you.” .
‘ “But if you had to give them all credit for
thirty, sixty or ninety days, as you say is the
custom, besides selling the stuff to them at a
reduced rate, on account of their taking a quan-
»-tity, why, I don’t see how ”

“Don’t worry. We shall probably have a few
dollars in the treasury. by the time-we get such
a rush of trade as that.”

. “Well, good-night. I’ll see you in the morn-
mg.

Sam departed, while Tom shut up shop and

‘ 'went into the house. .

“Your pa has goneito see your ma," said the
maid, meeting him in the hall.

“Oh, he has. He didn’t say anything to me
about going."

‘“He came home about two, dressed himself
and said he was in a hurry to catch the three
o'clock train. There are three letters for you
in the dining—room.”

Tom rushed down to get them. Two were
from Dundee dealers who wanted a supply of
the Lusterine to put on regular sale. The third,
to‘ Tom‘s intense delight, was from the man-
ager of the Dundee Piano Company. Mr. Smith
said that the Invincible Lusterine had proved to
be eminently satisfactory, and that he wished to
see Mr. Thomas Sherwood as soon as possible
,with a view of making a contract for a year's
supply of the polish.

CHAPTER XI.-—-Mr. Hanford Advises Tom.

“Business is beginning to boom," grinned Tom,
who was now fee mg I,-ke a bird. . “A year's sup-

‘ glyl I suppose I’ll have to do some ﬁgurinﬁ.
9 »

1'. Smith will want rock-bottom ﬁgures. W
seeing that he can't get the Lusterine nor its
equal anywhere but from us, I think I can afford
to demand a decent price. At any rate, I don't
mean to give it away just for the sake of se-
curing a big order. We're out for the dough just
the same as Mr... Smith is,”

As his’ father was away, Tom of course could-
n't consult him about the bonds he had found, so
he decided to go around and see Mr. Hanford. He

A 1 found that gentleman at home.

"‘I’m glad to see you Mr. Sherwood,” he said,
when Torn was shown into the sitting-room up-
stairs, where he alsogfound Olive. and her mother.

Mrs. Hanford and her daurrhter expressed the
pleasure they felt at seeing the boy again.
~ “I came especially to see you about,a package
of United States Government bands I picked up
on‘ the street to-day,” said Tom to the banker.

“Indeed,” replied Mr. Hanford in surprise.

“Here they are, sir,” continued the b0)’. PTO‘
ilucing the package and taking out the _bonds.
“There are twenty of them of the denomination
orf’$1,000 each- There was not the slightest‘ clew

to.,their owner on the package. I_wish you'd ad-.
in: how_I had best proceed in order‘ to re-.

vise _
‘store to the right party."

I A. ,_. an Hanford looked the bonds over.

: V  -1 see are‘(,Es’h:f 1:31;, 33¢ gs worth 
‘.5.   2 —-  or un -re rt.-sens
 nt,?.¥28‘.(400-to mtﬁer :1-'0"-

  

“ "~s»,,_,

. ‘inc;

  
   

)2! v ; ~ , ,
ON DECK . i i
importance to the person who lost them. Tell me 
the circumstances of the case.” ,

Tom immediately explained how they came into
his possession.

“We_l_l, leave the bonds with me and I will take
measures to discover the person who lost them.”

“All right, sir. I am glad to get them off my
hands, as I am pretty busy at present.”

Busy!” exclaimed the banker, regarding his
young visitor inquisitively. while Mrs. Hanford
and Olive both looked at Tom in some surprise.‘_
“Why, this is your vacation time. I suppose,” 6
he added with a smile. “you are busy having a '2“
good time." 2

“Well, sir," grinned Tom, “if you call trying
to build a business up for yourself having a good
time you’re right."

“Trying to build a business up for yourself! -
I don't quite catch your meaning. I heard that
yell; were going to the Dunwoodie Academy this ‘

8 .77

“My father intends to send me there, but I'ni
not sure that I shall go.”

“Why not?”

“Because I am satisﬁed in a business project
that I am determined to put through.”

Mr. Hauford did not seem to regard this ex- -
planation very favorably. . I
, “You are young to think of embarking in .-3
business," he said. “What is this business, and
what put the idea into your head?”, \

Tom saw that he would have to make a full
statement of his Lusterine plans if he expected
to satisfy the banker’s doubts regarding the
propriety of his present undertaking. He’ was
also afraid he might lose 0live’s good opinion un-
less he could set himself right with ‘her, too.
he began at the beginning and told how he had
accidentally discovered the secret of making 1',”-
wood polish that had proved to be superior to_»..
anything before the public; how he had deter
mined to introduce it on the market, and what‘ ’_
he had already done toward that end, with his 1
success up to that moment. His auditors listened ‘
to his story with a great deal of interest.

“You certainly have great ambition to get on
in the world, and plenty of push -and energy to 
back it up," said Mr. Hanford when Tom had.
concluded. “You haven’t let any grass grow un-"~ ,
der your feet in this matter, that's plain to be, '
seen. . I should like to see some of the results. 
of your remarkable polish. It must be somethiﬁ. 
above the ordinary. to interest the manager. l_..
the Dundee Piano Works. Still I cannot say that y
I approve of you making a business of this thing
yet. You should ﬁnish your education before you‘ v ,
turn your thoughts seriously to business. I would *
suggest that you lease your discovery to some.
big ﬁrm that manufactures polish, and let there‘ =
pay you aroyalty on their sales. That would re’-” g
lieve you of all the trouble and embarrassment ‘-1:

of building up a new business at a time. of life;
if

.m....wu...1'

2-.n_-.....n..t....;«_..;h.'..='-'.ﬂIn-‘A '

3
ii

  
 
  

 

 

when you ought to be at school, and doubtless-
would in time secure to you a considerable in-.
come.” - ' . 
This was wise -and well-meant advice on tlgejj.
bankei-’s part. but Tom was too enthusiastic--over 
his Lusterine to enthusealong those line.’ j His".
heart and soul was wrap up in ‘ '
business of. mdnufactunng’ and; , __
ble Luatetincyo a successful 

_ .e
.45; 

   

  

   
 

ALWAYS

' boy-like, he chafed at the idea of allowing others
to do that interesting thing for nim. Politeness,
'--' ' however, induced him to thank Mr. Hanford for
’ -his suggestions, and to say that he would think
" -the matter over. In reality, though, he had not
‘the slightest intention of reconsidering the line
"of action he had marked out for himself. He
did not believe in dividing his proﬁts with stran-
gers, at least not as long as he and Sam could
control the situation. He spent the evening with
the Hanfords, particularly in 0live’s society, who
.1 . played and sang in a charming manner for his
* entertainment. _
'. “Mamma and I will leave town in a week for
the Catskills,” she said, when she had accom-
- .. panied him to the front door. “Auntie is going
 us, too. I hope you will call specially on

. . me before we go. Now will you?”

.> . Of course Tom promised that he would call. He
A couldn't think of refusing such a charming girl,
‘in whom he was alreadv beginning to take a
strong‘ interest. Next morning he invested all

the_capital in the treasury in additional raw ma-

. terial for Sam 'to transform into Lusterine.

-’-_ When his chum appeared he showed him the let-
1_ ter he had received from the manager of the
. aim works. Sam, of course, was tickled to

  

1» we um» i

“You're goingdown there to-day, I suppose?”
he said.
“Sure thing—this morning?"
f “How much do you think they'll use in a year?"
“I couldn't tell you. Mr. Smith will tell me
I about how many gallons when I see him. I'm go-
ing to” charge a price that’ll allow us a decent

 

l» 7‘: “Do you think I'll be able to make it fast

  
     
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
      
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
    

 to supply them‘!” _ .

I ‘ ure you will, if you work steadily, and more,
g the. - Besides, it'll be easy to get‘ another gas
" stove and another copper kettle. Then you'll be
ﬁllle tortum out twice as much.”

, ion tins made for us, and probably some larger
' bottles. We'll need larger labels and lots of
ﬁlings as our trade increases.” .

1 “You can bet we will. However, we ought to
,pull out, as we're under no expense at present
except for the bottles and raw materials."

" An‘ hour later Tom took a train which stopped
.,¢t-1Dundee, and by half~past ten he was in Mr.
L Smith's private oﬂce ﬁguring on a year's sup~
‘ of his Lusterine for the piano factory, so

"gush to be furnished on the first of every month.
om ﬁnally arranged to quote him a spot cash
‘ﬁgure, gxpress prepaid to the factory, and en-

‘tin-ed into an agreement to guarantee delivery of
;the stuﬂ each month. He then 'made the round
 an the furniture houses he had canvassed on
.*.“s»'iirst visit to the town and took orders for a
“.‘3uen'or a half-dozenibottles from a nui_nber.of

:them. He also found time to look the situation
= up in Unionville and secured two small orders

" -in that town. He could do nothing more that
y and returned to Englewood by the four
 train." ‘

>34

'cn.ir'ran XII.—Tom Comes into $1.000.

1., I.

 banker  that the-owner -of

3'  “We'll have to have some gallon and half-gal-'

 -‘ h‘ ll r - 
i‘uotewasawaitmg'£omat is ouse rom-hadtenuispﬂoobﬂkiﬁhispoeytvgnegyrwuitvﬂ.

  
 

'\

ON DECK 13
the bonds had been found and the securities re-
stored to him. He had advertised for them in
the morning's paper, offering $1,000 reward for
their return to his home. He had given Mr. Han-
ford his check for that amount, and the banker
¥as ready to pay the money over in cash to

om. -

“One thousand dollars!” exclaimed the boy,
hardly believing the evidence of his eyes. “Great
Caesar! Carr it actually be true that I’m to get
one thousand dollars?”

He read the note over again. Yes, there it
was down in black and white in the banker's
own handwriting--one thousand dollars. Tom
let out a whoop that startled the maid servant,
who was setting the table for the boy's supper,
he being the only member of the family at home.

“What's the matter, Master Tom?” she asked,
with a giggle. “Are you often taken that way?"

“Not often, Minnie; but I guess you'd feel like
letting off steam if somebody was to suddenly
make you a present of a thousand dollars.”

“Land's sake! Has somebody died and left you
that much?” she asked. . '

“No; Minnie- but I found a ‘Package worth-
$26,000 yesterday, and the gentleman was so
glad to get it back that he left $1,000 as a pres-
ent for me with a friend of mine.”

“My goodness! You're a rich boy, aren't you?”

“Oh, a thousand dollars. isn't so much."

“It's a lot of money for a boy like you to have.
I suppose you'll put it in the savings bank. I
wish I had a thousand dollars.”

“Save vour money, Minnie, and you'll have a
thousand by the time you get married.”

The girl giggled again and resumed her work,
while Tom rushed to the carriage-house to show
the note to Sam, who hadn’t gone home yet.

For the next ten minutes there was high jinks
in the workroom. ‘ " ‘ .

“That money willhelp us put the Lusterlne
on its feet,” said Tom.

Then he told Sam about the contract he had
closed with the manager of the piano factory.

_“It’s cash, too. No waiting thirty, sixty or
ninety days, but spot cash on delivery of the
goods." .

“Glory hallelujah!” shouted Sam. .

“To-morrow I shall buy a new gas stove and
another kettle; also a good supply of raw ma-
terial, order more printing and pay all our
debts. I'll have to get a day book, a cash book-
and a ledger. I must move my desk in here, too.
I'll open an account ‘at the Bee-Hive Savings
Bank.” ~.

“Ithink Steve Porter would have a ﬁt if he
knew we were getting on so fine.”

T “I guess he’ would. He hates me like fun,"_ said
om.

“He won't make anything out of that fake
preparation he's got. The only store that has

it on sale is his uncle's. -

“And I'll bet ,his uncle will be after mine as
soon as he hears about it." ,

The two boys then began to build a few castle!
in the air upon the future of Slierwood’s In-
vincible,Lusterine. Next morning Tom called")! “,
the First National Bank and was shown into the
president's private_,i-oom. His interview. 
Mr. Hanford was brief, and when he came out he

 

  

  

 

with a minor was not binding in law.

    

14*

at once to the Bee-Hive Savings Bank and de-

' posited nine of them, retaining one for his pres-

ent expenses in connection with hispolish. He
laid in a fresh stock of bottles,‘ which he ob-
taihed at the Englewood Glass works.

They were a part of a lot of rejected bottles
which had been left on the company's hands,
and which Tom got cheap in lots to suit himself.
He spoke for the whole number on this occasion,
about ten gross,_or 1,440 bottles. He had one
gross delivered at once to hold the Lusterine Tom
had made the previous day. Then he purchased
a small job-lot of one-gallon tin cans and had
them sent to his house. He ordered large labels
to ﬁt them, also"-an additional supply of show
cards to take away on his next trip, and paid the
printer. ‘

That day Sam made more than enough Lus-
terine to ﬁll the first month's order of the piano
,works. He put it up in the gallon cans, and Tom
only waited for the new labels and wrappers to
have it ready for shipment. A second gas stove
was introduced into the shop, as Sam called it,
and a second- copper kettle procured for it, thus
do"bling' the productive capacity of the ﬁrm.
Tom then started out for the city of Buffalo, with
his grip loaded with sample bottles of the Lus-
terine. He was gone two days on this trip, and
when he ot ba k home his father wanted to
know whe he ad been and what Sam Wiley
was so busy about in the carriage—house during
his absence.

“Oh, Sam and I are running a little business
scheme, that’s all,” replied Tom. “I've invented
a new ‘furniture polish and have taken Sam into
partnership. He makes the stuff and I drum up
trade for it."

“So this is the way you are amusing your-
selves during your vacation, is it?” replied his
father, sarcastically. “What is the name of this
great polish, if I may ask?” ~
"Sherwood's Invincible Lusterine.”

“Have you sold any yet?” grinned his father.
“Yes, sir, I have .a contract for a year’s sup-
ply with the Dundee Piano Works. That isn't

so bad. for a -starter."

“You have what?" almost gasped Mr. Sher-
wood, looking hard at his son.

Tom repeated his statement.

“Show me your copy of the contact.”

‘.‘Certainly, sir," replied the boy, going up to

 his room and bringing the document back with

lllﬂl.  .

Practically it was merely an agreement on the
part of the piano ﬁrm to take so many quarts of
“Sherwood’s Invincible Lusterine" per month for
the space of one year, at a speciﬁed price per
quart, payable C. O. D., as a regular contract
It was
signed by the’ manager. ‘

“.Pray, young man, who is going to carry out

. this agreement after you go to the Dunwoodie

Academy——your friend Sam Wiley?"
r This was a question Tom didn't want to an-

I swer but his father's eyes were on him and he

couldn't-wriggle out of it.

-‘Well, sir," replied the boy, diplomatically,

N "that is a question to be considered when the
. ‘~€‘1;t's,x_oy opinion you'll get tired of this tom-

long.’ before your .vacst:ion.is. over,"

  

AIJWAYSZ.’ ON‘ I DECK» i

said Mr. Sherwood, dismissing the subject, much
to his son's relief.

“If he knew how far I was in the business up
to this date it would rather astonish him,"

thought Tom, as he carried his memorandum of .

agreement back "to his room.

CHAPTER XIII.—-A Midnight Capture.

“Well,” said Sam Wiley, when he showed up’

promptly at eight o'clock next morning, “what
sort of luck did you have in Buffalo?”

“Oh, pretty good. I managed to interest a
dozen houses in the Lusterine. I left samples
with them totry. In case they decided to put it
on sale I'll hear from them shortly. I sold six
bottles to the hotel‘ I stopped at for the full re-
tail price. That reduced my, bill."

“I've kept right at the manufacturing end,
and have got all those gallon cans you see under
the bench filled and labeled. I sent 011’ the Dun-
dee Piano Works’ ﬁrst order, and t re’s the
express company's receipt,” said Sam’. pointing
to a hook near Tom's desk.

“You've been doing well, Sam. — I've got an

_order in the mail from Unionville and two from

Pomona. I've also got a post card from the
Englewood Furniture Manufacturing Company.
The head of the house wants to see me. I
wouldn't be surprised but we'll get a large order
from them. They make a big line of desks and
other oﬁice furniture."

“I guess they could use more than the Dundee
ﬁrm, don't you think?"

“Sure thing.” .5

“We’re doing ﬁne for the short time we've
been in business.” .

“That's because we're putting out an article
that has real merit."

“By the way, I forgot to tell you that Steve »
Porter and Danny Mack were hanging around _
outside your fence for an.hour yesterday after-.,

noon."
“They were eh?”
“Yes. I saw Porter point twice to the carriage
house.” -

 

“’I‘hey’re up to some trick. We must be on‘ 

our guard."

- Tom shipped off the orders he had on ﬁle and
then walked up to the oﬂice of the Englewood
Furniture Manufacturing Company. He had an
interview with the head of the ﬁrm, which 

 

-9‘-

sulted in a standing order -for several cans of‘, 

Ilusterine per wee , a statement to be rendered
on the first of eac month, payment to be -made
on the tenth. That evening he visited Olive
Hanford and had- a ﬁrst—class time; Sheusher
mother and aunt were going away. next day. He

fr

had intended to leave before ten, but time passed , ..

so quickly and enjoyable with the two young peoe

pic that the clock actually struck eleven before‘ 

he had made _it move. '
“My goodness!" he exclaimed.

had no idea it was so late.”

“I've ' over» it
stepped the bounds, I'm afraid, Miss Olive. I‘.

“Oh, well, this is a special occasion, you‘l:_nmi‘," 

laughed the glrl.- “You won't see me again fg
all of..two months." A. "._ y *  

z

   
 

 O

‘fgiay I write to you’ while "you are away?” he
ask , eager y.
“Certainly you may if you care to.”
V “Will you answer my letters?”
w .»». “Of course I will but I'm afraid they’ll be so
uninteresting. that ”
,:-V ~ ' “Your letters are sure to interest me,”'he in-
3 terrupted, hastily..
. ' “How can you say that before you have seen
‘ 7, one of them?” she said, with a smile.
- “No matter; I’ll take the chances.” -
“ It was a quarter past eleven’ before Tom ﬁnal-
)y tore himself away from the fair girland
started for heme. As he- approached his front
1 gate in theshade ofthe long line of trees which
- fringed both sides of the streets he noticed a
couple of ﬁgures slouching along ahead of him.
Whoever they were, they did not" seem to be
aware of his presence. Their actions were so
1 suapicious that Tom kept his eyes on them.
, V Geewillikensl ’If they haven't entered our
yard,” he exclaimed, suddenly.

He hastened his steps and admitted himself by
the maingate. Then he rushed lightly across the
lawn toward the yard. The two ﬁgures he had
seen outside were now standing under the shadow
of the carriage-house looking up at Tom's work-
room. '
i - “Who are they, and what the deuce are they

. up to?” muttered the boy, who had halted under
*' 4,‘ a convenient tree.
* There was no moon, but it was a bright enough
; - nkht for the actions of the»intru_ders.to be easily
7‘ made out, although '_l‘om did not immediately rec-
‘ ize them. After consulting togeiher the_pair
ggninterlopers started off around the carriage-
 house and presently reappeared with the ladder,
-3'_;which they raised to one of the windows of. Tom's
. ctum. ‘ . .
_ “BThat settles it," breathed the watcher. “Their
. 7' object is to get into. that room. It's time for me
,- _''to take a hand in this game." _
.‘ ’ -When he and Sam shut up for the night they
 _ had closed the windows as a precautionary meas-
=». ,Tom thought now that it was lucky they
‘T ' had done so, for entrance could not be eﬁected
"ff" ‘ "thgt way unless the rascals broke a pane so they
 could get at the catch on the inside. Only one
.of.fhe fellows went up the ladder at ﬁrst,_but
when he tried the window and found it secure-he
—ealléd his companion up to look at it. The second
chap struck a match to see what it was that
held the window, and the ﬂame lighted up their .
faces for a moment. Tom recognized them as
"ésteve Porter and Da_n,11Y‘M8¢k-1;’ tt d T
" “ ' the haven t a nerve. mu ere om,
mg;-xwleyli’ l‘f‘I’veye great mind to let them get in
7',m1’t,he'n.have them arrested as burglars. They
.-néed._a good lesson to teach them to keep away
ilaonr this place." _
‘ tisﬁed that the window could not be opened
_ t forcing, they descended to the ground
and moved the ladder to the other window. T 0,
5 «llrﬁgy won't have any better luck there,’
grinned Tom tohimself. ‘ ' . , ~
” ..As Steve and Dannywent up the ladder 8:313
In 53,‘ occurred to Sherwood. He crossed rapid-
Jy'behind the unsuspecting younz rascals: and

 

  

  
  
 

  
 
    

 

 

i

    

.‘.
o

   
 
  
 
   
   
   
  

rughi “ th ladder , the lower
‘ ’ 1-‘£5-yeti iteto‘ nnefsi   iadder«mprii1:§
 iv“  °*?!'°"*“" ““='f° .3“. '‘€'.““‘*‘ 

       

 
 

ALWAYS ON" DECK

v

rying Steve and Danny with it. Both yelled
murder as they struck the ground, and before
either could rise Tom was upon them. Danny
tried to make his escape, but Sherwood got hold
of him by the collar, and throwing him down
again straddled him. Steve made no effort to
get away, but la‘y groaning as if in great pain.
It happened that a policeman was ‘bassing down

the_ street at the time and the racket attracted U
’ his notice.

He entered the yard and soon made
out the scene of the trouble. He had his night-
stick in his hand and’ was ready for business.

“What’s going on here?”_he asked, laying his
hand on Tom’s shoulder.

“These two chaps were trying to force an en-
trance into our carriage-huse,” replied Tom.
“You’d better take charge of them."

“What’s your name‘."”‘ asked the oﬂicer.

“Tom Sherwood. This is my home.”

“Let that chap up. I'll take care of him."

Tom got off of Danny and the policeman
yanked him to his feet.

“Let me
nothinf.” ,

“What are you doing on these grounds at this
time of the night?” '

“Nothin’.” -

“You see that ladder on the ground, oﬂicer?
Well, they brought it from behind the carriage-

house, where we kept it when it’s not in use, and "

had it planted under one of those windows. They
were both up there trying to see if they couldn't
get into my workshopwhen I ran up, jerked the
ladder aside and spilled them upon the ground.
I'm afraid the other chap is hurt. I know them
both. That is Danny Mack you’ve got hold of.
The other is _Steve Porter. If they will promise
to keep away in future I’m willing you should
let them go.’ . '
f‘I don't know about that," replied the police-
man. “This is a serious piece of business they
have been engaged in. They’ll have to give an

explanation at the station. Come, young fellow,’ ’

to Porter, “get up or I’ll tickle you with my
stick.” ’

“Oh, I can’t,” gi-oaned Steve.
arm is broken. -

“Serves you right if it is. You're
to be engaged in crooked work.”

“Oh, oh, oh!” whimpered Porter. .
" Tom struck a match, and by its light he saw
that Steve was as pale as’ a sheet, ‘and his moans
showed that he had suffered some injury. ’

“Maybe his arm is broken,” said Sherwood.
“What shall we do with him‘! There is a doctor
in the house across the street. We'd better take
him there, hadn’t we?" . _

“Hold this chap while I look at that fellow,”
said the oﬂicer. 7

Danny tried to take advantage of the situation
to break away from Tom, but he was not success-

pretty young

-ful.

“P11 get even with you if you don‘t let‘me go.’
he said vindictively. V
“If you talk in that strain I'll put you
through," replied Tom disgnstedly. I
“You can't prove nothin’ ag’in us,” retorted
Danny deﬁantly. _ . »
“Youmeant to break into in work.sliop.".
-“Wedidn’t meanno such J’ '
—.“ﬁrIhy did you cane here, then?”

  

15”‘,

go,” expostulated Mack. “I ain’t done" _

“I believe my ‘‘

 ./k
I‘:

 

i 26

“None of your business." -

“Alleright. Perhaps you'll ﬁnd out that it is
my business to protect my own property’!

In the meantime the policeman had been in-
vestigating the injury suﬁered by Steve Porter
’and while he was doing it Steve fainted dead
away from the pain.

“His arm abes seem to be broken," said the
loﬁcer. “I'll carry him across the street. If the
other chap gives you any trouble I'll give him‘ a
rap with my club.” .

That threat cowed Danny Mack, and he al-
lowed Tom to lead him along after the oﬂicer
and his burden. ‘The policeman roused the doctor
up and he came downstairs to look at the pa-
, tient. His verdict settled all doubt on the sub-
ject—-Steve’s arm was broken. The injured boy
was carried into the doctor's dining-room, where
‘his arm was set and bandaged up before he re-
gained consciousness.

“I og’t care to prosecute these fellows,” said
Tom—- ’ the policeman.

, “Youbave no right to refuse to do so," was
3 ;the. reply. “It will make trouble for you.”
“I think you’d better call it off," suggested
-“Porter is punished enough, for he'll
 laid up for a while and have a chance to re-
pent. As for Mack,‘ I think the scare he's had
’ ought to prove a lesson for him. I don’t like to
,;-send themto jail. It might ruin their future.”
I. ‘ The officer ﬁnally agreed to fall in with Tom’s
, view, and after giving Danny a. serious call-
» down he allowed him’ to go. As for Steve the
doctor‘-»said he’d better remain at his house till
 Tom then went home and the police-
,l_n'In continued on his beat. , _

   
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 

 

;.:a, i e’

: yoglsarrsa XIV.-——Mr. Sheiwood Puts in
* , ~ His Oar.‘ ‘ r

    

 “Now, Sam,”‘said Tom a week later, “we've got
I. reasonably good supply of the Lusterine made
up, and as we have received several orders from
“B18310 -I’m goingnon a longer trip this time.”

 "-Pm going to put another day in at Buffalo,
then, I'm going on to Dunkirk, from, there to
 then to Painnsville, Ohio, where‘the_re's a

"Cleveland, Sandusky and Toledo. From the lat-
"bor place I shall need direct to Chicago, where l
1 expect to put in a week)’. , I
 cg,  «Going to do things up brown. ‘aren't

>'*1’m bent on getting this Business in good run-
ning shape. before the end of our vacation, so
 if my father insists on me giving it up I111
;’move my duds and our factory somewhere else
 him. kick all by himself.'. ‘He has neglected
iwogninst my interests now." _ .
 be’: your natural guardian, and has the
 him." « -
,1 don't care it he is. If he’d been moredof a
i£at'her'to me I should look at matters in audit-
3% light.~~ I’d take hiarinto, my
 super-vxseythia bu
 inn-M he. in» r

reuse

   
   

 

    
   
  

  

     

   
 

   
  

   

w .
tly.

kALwAYs~oN=nE2_:K- .s‘‘— . 

-the other things connected with the manufacture

.wood, rather scornfully.
long’ for meto allow him,to put his oar .

conﬁdence,  wood. 

.4

' -uu.i_ '

‘z
*1:

 

him, even if he oﬂered to see me through, which
I know he woiIldn’t. My stepmother would 

in ‘anyway the moment she saw there was a

prospect of my getting ahead of Henry. I've 
been treated as a side—issue too _long. Now I'm ‘
going to assert myself at any cost. I'll turn

this business over to you to run before I'll let
my father break it up, and then I’d keep out on
the road where" he couldn’t reach me. I can
trust you, Sam; that's why I took you in with
me. . 1’
Tom packed his» grip with .such ‘clothes and H:
other things as he was likely to need during ~
his trip, and. in the second-hand suit~case he
stowed as gxany sample bottles of his Lusterine
as he _coul conveniently carry.

“I’ve'enough in the case to last me through
Erie, I guess,” he said to Sam. “You must send
me four dozen bottles by express to Cleveland;
two dozen to Sandusky. and three dozen to Tole-
do. I'll call for the packages at the express
oﬂices. Then I will want a much larger quan-
tity sent on to Chicago——say eight dozen bot-
tles and a dozen of the gallon cans. I will write
you when to forward them.”

“What’ll I tell your father when he asks where
you are?” I

“I’m going to leave a note for him, in which,
however, I shan’t specify-my route. He won’t
say anything to you.” _ ‘

“He. might insist on closing up this place".
What then?” »

“In that case hire a room somewhere suitable"
for the business and remove all our parapher-
nalia and stock in trade. Then arrange with tho’
post-oﬂice to have theycarrier deliver our mail <
to the new address‘. I'm going to leave you ~
$100."

“All right,” replied his partner.

That afternoon Tom started for Buffalo. When —
Mr. Sherwood got home and read the note his
son’ had left for him he was very angry. Hi: I
went out to the carriage-house and interviewed *
Sam Wiley. He was rather surprised at the.‘.:
business air of the room, for he had never been
up there since Tom had taken possessionof the
premises. . -

“I don’t approve of this sort of business at
all," he began, as he noted the rows of labeled
bottles, the cases of empties, the labeled ,
the two gas stoves, the copper kettles mm

 
      
     
       
      
   
   
   
   
   
 
       
      
           
 
   
      
    
       
     
      
  

   
  

    

of the Invincible Lusterine. “You boys ought to
be enjoying yourselves during your vacation days '
instead of working as if you were grown men" m?
“We! enjoy» this ‘work because we're building ‘
ifipna business for ourselves,” said Sam respect-.,
y- 1‘
P“Building up a business," sniﬂed Mr. Shaw‘
_ . “Poppycock!_ 
son is through with his schooling I will soetlug,
heufetslv a clerkship in a suitable business.” 
, , should ‘think you'd prefer him“to Have: 1
bdsiness of his own, instead of having him work‘ .
for somebody e1se."'replied Sam. *7  ;_ ‘
‘A business of, his own.’ snorted Mr.,.8§'ew’
, /How could a boy of his age 
business iruccesafully?"~ - ' «. . .

   

        
 
    
  
  
 

  
   
     
   
  
 

     

 ALWAYS

‘He's only -making asfool of himself. When _he
comes back to-morrow, or next day, I shall insist
that he give this ridiculous nonsense up. He can
turn it over to you, if you have the time and in-
clination to carry it on; but you will have to re-
move these things elsewhere. I can't have my
carriage-house lumbered up with them.” _

“I'm afraid I wouldn't be‘ able to carry this
business on, sir. I can manufacture that Luster-
ine all right and attend to_the shipping of the
. stuff, but as to introducing it on the market I'm
s not smart enough 'for that. .Tom knows Just how
to do it. We've only been running this thing
for three weeks and he has got a good bit of trade
already. He's drummed this town up and we've
' got a standing order from the Englewood Furni-
hire Manufact ring Company. We've a year's
contract with t e Dundee Piano Works. We've

orders from Unionville, Tuckersville and
omona, besides several orders, with prospects of
many more, from Buffalo."

“One would imagine my son intended to make
a permanent thing of this Lusterine business."
replied Mr. Sherwood, sartcastically.

“Th'at’s his intention."

,.

 
 

I'm his

,-_>' “11; is, hey? Well, I won't have it.
‘ﬁg father, and he'll do as I say, I guess. I-'Ie's go-
’ ing to the Dunwoodie Academy this fall, and

“ii. . after that I will select the business he is to

follow.’ _ , , _
~; ‘Were you thinking of having him go into
1- , your hardware business?"
‘-‘No, I was not," snapped Mr. Sherwood.
. ‘Henry will learn my business and eventually
become my partner.’
, ‘But Tom is your eldest son.”
' “I will provide for him in a suitable manner
in" my will." _ _ _ ' .
‘ “Since you don't intend to give him an inter-
., est in your business, why don’t”you let him build
' this business up for himself. _ .
“Because I don't choose to let him waste his
79

, ‘You might give him a trial, at any rate,
. You don't know how smart he is. _Why, I think
-; he’; gotinore push and energy in his little ﬁnger
"  than some men have in their whole body."
Hr. Sherwood smiled incredulously. " _
“Tom is only an inexperienced boy. he said.
“If I had $1,000 to bet I'd back Tom to win

it . .
 _’ out in anything he undertook. .
‘é

  
       
 
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
    

I’. “Have on two made any money out of this
" Luster-ineyyet?" said Mr. Sherwood abruptly. _
' We don't expect to make money until
business established.f' _ _
ou right now, W_ileY. If
done it will have

,_’ “$2 311'.
we e
. ‘Well, let me tell _
‘. ‘there's any more esta lishm
vi.‘-to be done by you or some 7 0¢_h°}‘ J‘-him "337
son. When he comes back from his ld_l0tlc‘l'-1'19
.-guts got to quit. I shall take him to_his mother
in the mountains _to pass the rest of his vacation-
-, He shall go up with me on Saturday.’ "

., ﬁne won't be some by Saturday, sir.

,“He won't, eh?” Where has he gone?"

‘He went to Buffalo this afternoon." "

, ‘How long did he intend to stay there‘!

1 “Not over a dais I think.’ '
'§"I‘hen he should be home day after‘ _to-mo'rrow.
.."He’s not coining back here, sir,_till he s can-
janeirthe -furniture houses of Chicago. ,

,‘Chieago!" roared Hr. Sherwood. “I'll put .a

ON DECK ‘ 17
stop to this thing at once. I'll telegraph him
to$coine home directly. What hotel is he to stop
at."

“The Lake House, sir."

Mr. Sherwood wrote it down.

“In the meantime you'd better remove all this
stuﬂ’ somewhere else," he said to Sam.

“Do you mean that, sir?"

“I certainly do."

“Very well, sir. I'll look up another place
and have everything carted away." —

Satisﬁed that he had accomplished his point,
Mr. Sherwood retired to his house, and after
dinner he sent a peremptory telegram to Tom
to return home at once.

CHAPTER XV.—0n the Road.

Tom, however, did not receive his father’: tele-
gram. After arriving at Buffalo he put up at
the Sheldon Hotel instead of the Lake House, as
he had originally intended, and in the morning
he started out to go over his previous route in
order to see what success his Lusterine was hav-
ing. After calling at half a dozen places and
picking up a couple of orders, he entered one
large establishment on Blank street, where the
head of the ﬁrm had expressed a very favorable
o inion of his polish from the samples be had
s own on his first trip. He was admitted to the
private office after a short delay.

“We have given your polish a practical test,"
said the head partner, “and we are satisﬁed it
is just what we want. Our factory, however, is
at Cincinnati, and lt will be encessary for you to
go there and see our superintendent. Can you
do that?’

“Yes, sir, if I am sure of getting an order that
will warrant it.‘ .

“I can guarantee that you will get a large
order if you do not ﬁgure too high. I will give
you a letter to deliver personally to Mr. Green,
our superintendent."

The letter was written and handed to Tom,
who then visited a few other furniture houses,
and after dinner took a train for Cincinnati
direct. Before he left, however, he wrote a let-
ter to Sam telling of the change in his arrange-
ments, and that he would probably remain three

da s in Cincinnati and then go on to Chicago, *

at erwards taking in the others towns in the
reverse orders. Sam got his letter Friday after-
noon and immediately answered it, directing his
letter to the Gault House in Cincinnati. He told
Tom the substance of the interview between him

and Mr. Sherwood, and said that in accordance’

with that gentleman’s orders he had removed
all their business property to -a big roan in a
factory building on Essex street, where he had
hung out a sign which read as follows:

Oﬁce of '
Sherwood's Invincible Lusterine,
The Finest Wood Polish in the World.
Sherwood & Wiley, Sole Mfrs.

In the postscript he added that Mr. Sherwood
hadbeensuddenl calledtoNewYorkonbual—

ness, but.-had lef word at the house that his

 

  

18

son was to go to the mountains as soon as he
returned to Englewood.

“I see myself going to'the mountains this
summer,”, said Tom to himself when he read his
partner’s letter two days afterward in the Gault
House. “There's no use of my returning to
Englewood now to have a row with my father.
I’ll stay right out on the road and let Tom at-
tend to all the details of the business at our new

~ ofﬁce. I’m glad we’re away from the house. It
was only a question of a short time when we
‘. _ ‘would have had to move anway, as this business
is growing every minute. I’m not going to let
, my father spoil’ the Lusterine prospects if I can
»' help it. This is the chance of my life. Henry
' can have father's business for all I care. I can
take care of myself ‘and make my way in the
- world. I’m going to get at the topof the ladder
'  by my own exertions alone.”
~, Tom could afford to talk big. for he had just
closed arrangements with the Cincinnati manu-
*‘ factory of the Buffalo house for a big and steady
supply of the Lusterine which would turn the
ﬁrm of Sherwood & Wiley in a good proﬁt. He
was now canvassing the furniture houses of the
city with the view of getting his polish on the
retail market. The success which had already
attend his eﬁorts elsewhere had stiffened his
back, and he talked up the merits of his Luster-
ine'like a Dutch uncle. His earnest manner car-
ried conviction with it, and his samples clinched
the business, so that he soon found that his polish
was going like hot-cakes in the Queen City of
the Middle West. *
' '- He‘ had to send a telegram to Sam to send a
, gloss of the bottles by express at once. Before
-’ he left Cincinnati he sold six gross altogether

 

, " for immediate delivery, C. 0. D., for. which the
'.__  ﬁrm in due course received checks amounting to
’» ’. $129.60. Instead of going to Chicago Tom went
“V . ,to Louisville, ‘Ky., where he did a proportionately

satisfactory_business. In the meantime Sam saw
that the ten gross of bottles Tom had engaged
at the Englewood Glass Works would soon be
exhausted at the rate orders were coming .in,
so he telegraphed that fact to his partner and
received instructions. to order a special bottle
made, in twelve gross lots, with the word “Lus-
terine” blown in-it. -
- Tom also wrote, him to place an order for a
 <3 gross of gallon cans from a Pomona ﬁrm, and
? ,. -to have the name of the polish stamped in the
 _ tin. From Louisville Tom went to Evansville in
‘—‘- Indiana, on the Ohio River, thence to Vincennes,
‘ I on the Wabash River, then straight across to St.
Louis, Missouri. He put in a week in St. Louis,
‘including a trip up the Missouri River to Han-
nibal. From that point he came east as far as
Springﬁeld, the capital of Illinois, whence he took
a train for Chicago. He’spent another week in
Chicago and sold o_ver 1,000 bottles of the Lus-
terine, as well as six dozen cans of the polish.
- At intervals he received letters from Sam tell-
, ing of rush orders received from the various
. places he had been, and of the money orders and
~. checks. he was every day in receipt of, showing
’ that Lusterine was booming. Sam said he was .
obliged to hire an assistant, in boy about his
 age, as he could not personally attend’ to

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

V

~a

.- .T9m §__lnh  that his father  still in

 

ALWAYS’ {ON DECK’

New York. It was now the middle of August
and Tom had been away from Englewood a whole
month. However, he was doing so well on the

' road, and he was so pleased with his success, that

he‘ decided to keep away, since Sam was man-
aging the business in Englewood in great shape.
To tell the truth,.Ton-i was not at all anxious
to meet his father. He knew such a meeting
would only be attended by unpleasant results._
So when he left Chicago he headed for Indian-
polis, which is in the center of the State of
Indiana. He sold 500 bottles of Lusterine here
subject’ to immedaite delivery.

Then he went to Brentwood, a heighboring
town, and made a contract with another piano
house for regular monthlv consignments. Then
he went to Dayton, Springﬁeld and Columbus,
Ohio, selling over 1,500 bottles in these cities.
Thence he went to Toledo, Sandusky and Cleve-
land. In all these cities he boomed his polish
to_ great advantage. As he was about to start
for Erie he received a dispatch from Sam calling
him to Englewood at once.

CHAPTER XVI.—Business Success.

“I wonder what’s up now,” mused Tom as he
read the brief telegram a second time. “Some.
thing out of the ordinary surely. Well, there’;
nothing for me to do but hot-footit for my na-
tivﬁ bgorg.” .

e ught a ticket for En lewood and
the Lake Shore Eastern Exgress. Sam
the depot waiting for him. ‘

“Say, old man, what's the trouble?” Tom asked
as soon as his partner came up.”

“Sorry to say it’s bad news,” replied Sam,

soberly.
“What do you

“Bad .. news!”
mean?"

“Your father has h d st f '
and it's uncertain whet?herahe’lIlol:-:c:ve1Pa¢):al;1y:1l;_.;
. That was bad news indeed, for in spite of the
indifference his father had always shown toward
him, Tom loved his parent very much in the
depths of his heart. The tears sprang to his
eyes as he said: '

gasped Tom.

“'1‘hat’s tough,.Sam. I must hurry to the house 

at once.”

Minnie, the maid, admitted him. She looked’
very solinn, as beﬁtted the circumstances. .
; “HOW 13 my father?" he asked her. __

“He is very.sick indeed, Master Tom," replied
the girl.

The boy hurried upstairs and came face to“ A

facewithhi stemth , h’ hd"tlft
husband's besdsidg. 0 er W 0 8 ‘ms 6 help.

“My father——can I, see him?” asked i'om’,”'§J

eagerly. _ .
“He is very low,"
voice.
ever, you may go in and see him. _
Atrained nurse was in attendance on the sick
man. He approached the bed, but the nurse held‘
up a warning hand and he stopped.
Tom watched his father for some time. ’.It
was a sad sight _to see that strong man so sad-

denly cut down, as it were, in the prime of life. ‘ I
withouthaviniz. had an_hour’s sickness, for" Years.

_

she answered in an agitated In
“I doubt if he will recognize you.’ How- 1'-,.,
n , _ '

 

.5 5

 

   
 
 

   
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
   
  

[But such is life-—the angel of death comes like
‘a thief in the night, and it is the unexpected
“which always happens. However, Mr. Sherwood
-- rallied next day, and then grew slowly better.
_ 4 Finally the doctor said .that he was out of im-
.. mediate danger.
' But it was soon apparent that he never would
be the ‘same man again. As soon as he was able
to get about a bit his physician ordered him to
be sent to a well-known sanitarium to recuperate.
. ,Accordingly arrangements were made to that ef-
' feet, and it was expected he would remain there
' three months or longer. After he had gone Tom’s
stepmother broached the subject of the Dun-
woodie Academy, whereupon the boy told her
\ that he had given up the idea of attending the
school, as he had gone into business on his own
account that summer, and it was panning out
so well that he couldn’t think of giving it up.
Business was now pouring in on the firm of
Sherwood & Wiley. The two kettles which Sam
and his assistant used continuously in the effort
to keep up with the demand for the polish were
‘ entirely inadequate to meet the orders, so Tom
added a special furnace and a large copper kettle
»to the ﬁrm’s manufacturing department. He
also hired. an adjoining room for a shipping and
storage department, and employed a man to take
full charaze of it. He also employed a young
lady stenographer and bookkeeper. Then he
Jvent to the First National Bank and saw Mr.
.Ra.nford. He asked whether, as a special favor,
the bank would open an account with Sherwood
& Wiley, notwithstanding the fact that both
members of the ﬁrm were miners.
“ ' “it is against the rules of all commercial
Q banks to receive accounts from minors, as they
“ are not res nsible, and a bank is liable at any
time to su er a loss through them. However, I
think I can arrange the matter in this way: I
‘will allow you to open an account and check
‘against it, and will guarantee the bank against
‘loss by becoming personally responsible for all
your transactions. I do this out of regard for
., ‘, Mr. Sherwood, in consideration of the ob-
-" v tion I am under to you for saving my daugh-
‘kr’s life. Although not without precedent, it is
very rarely that a minor is ever permitted the
privileges you have requested.” _
A ‘I thank you very, much, Mr. Hanford, for this
, and assure you that you never will regret
-it Some day this bank will be very glad that. it
.numbers’the ﬁrm of Sherwood J: Wiley in its
list of depositors."
‘ V Mr. Hanford laughed. , _
“You have a great deal of confidence in your
future, it seems.
'7‘! certainly have, and not without reason. We
v the best polish in the.world to-day, ﬁnd
t h s been demonstrated by results. Vi e have
been in business scarcely three months, starting
(run absolutely nothing, and _yet_ 1001; at What
are already doing in the shipping line. I am
f out on the road again on NlondaY- This
. I shall take in New York City. r’ I expect
a get enough business there to make Sam's head
ou"are.evidently a hustler, and I congratu-
v the success you are making with V0.01‘

1..
-5 .4

“Well,” replied the president of the First Na-

. 1

Air:-WA"YSr. A ON, DECK I is. '

“Thank you, Mr. Hanford. I will bring my
‘partner down this afternoon and introduce him
to you. _Your cashier will need his signature
also in his book, as he will sign all checks when
I'm out of town.”

f‘I shall be glad to make Mr. Wiley’s acquain-
tance," replied Mr. Hanford. ‘

 

CHAPTER XVII.-Conclusion.

Tom’s step-mother made no objection when he
told her quietly and respectfully that he was
going to New York on business connected with
his Lusterine. She showed no especial interest
in his movements beyond asking how long he
expected to be away.

“Two weeks or longer," he replied.

Henry, on the contrary, wanted to know all
about his half-brother's trip.

“I wish I was going with you,” he said eagerly.
“You’ll have a bang-up time, I suppose.”

“I’m not goin¢'on a pleasure trip,. Henry."

“That doesn't make any diiference. You‘ can't
work all the time you’re there. You’ll see the
city anyway. Go to, the parks, the theaters,
everywhere you want, for you’ll be your own
boss, and not tied to anybody's apron-string. It's
a lucky thing for you that father's in the sani-
arium.”

“I wish you wouldn’t talk that way, Henry.”

“Why not? It's the truth, isn't it? He wouldn't
let you go to ‘New York on your own hook. You'd
have to go to the aacdemy and study, same as I
have to do now at the High School.”

“All right, Henry; Have it your own way.”

“Father intends you to become a clerk in Mr.
Goodenough’s store on Adams street. I heard
him say so. I'm going to become a clerk in

father's store, and some day I'll own the busi- ‘

ness, and then if you want to come and work for
me I’ll give you a chance.”

“I am much obliged to you, Henry," smiled
Tom. “If my Lusterine business ever goes up
the spout I'll remember your offer.”

“How much are you making now?” asked
Henry, curiously. -, .

“Not’ over $1,000 a minute just now,,but things
will improve,” grinned Tom.

“A thousand dollares a minute!” exclaimed _

Henry. “I guess you aren't making anything."

“I won't enter into a dispute about the mat-
ter," laughed Tom, who by this time had packed
his  and was. ready to leave the house for a
ﬁnal nference with Sam before he went to
the station to catch the express for the met-
ropolis. Tom reached New York that afternoon

and went to the Murray Hill Hotel’. Although -
he had never been in‘ the chief city of the United '

States before‘, he did not feel particularly
strange, owing to his experiences in the big cities
of the West.

Next morning he started out with his sample
suitcase to do business. He first gave his at-
tention to the piano house, which occupied a large

share of his time during his first week. He found, . ,
his work cut out for him trying to convince  , .
big pianoi manufacturers that there was no polish “

in the world that could hold a candle to Lus-

terine. Bl1t.l‘l0 obstacle discouraged Tom Shor-
> ‘" -’ / \ . H g

l

 

   

 

   
  
    
  
   
 
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   

wood. He was determined to push Lusterine to
; thefront, and he went at the work with every
bit of energy he had in him. ~
I’ 4After‘interesting the piano house, he took up
‘with ‘the big furniture house, and then visited
y , the‘ managers‘ of the great ‘department ‘stores. In
_' tackling the latter Tom -learned new points in
—, j the 'salesman’s business—that it is not always

7 themerit of an article that goes, but the way.
youmanage to ‘persuade the buyers to put in
. stock.’ He discovered there were wheels within
‘ Twheels, and that these wheels require to be prop-
 -erly greased to make them run_ the way you
‘want them to. He was smart enough to fall in
with the situation, and tumble‘ to the fact, that
anrink is as zoodas a nod to a blind horse. In
"plain English, he made’ it "to the interest of the
_1‘myers_ to take hold not-his Lusterine, for the
- v  r e1 o  get out of its introduc-
 rg into “the New York departmentstores was
 putting up a suitable cash considera-
? it the close of his second’s week’s stay in New
‘York-the orders he sentfon  Sam made his
pa‘rtne'r"s‘eyes bulge with" wonder, and compelled
 addition to the firm’s working force at Engla-
 ,’.l’om put in three weeks at the metropolis
«and?-, then transferred hisattention to Philadel-
 and from ‘there to Baltimore. He then
 toillew York to chase up a‘ few call-
  that he returned home, having
’,ape:n_t«six; weeks on the road. ‘
ng]r’.then‘ planned a campaign" into ,New
n¢"land,,with Boston as the center of operations,
~_ba£ore he sta1jted«the‘ﬁr_m of Sherwood &
2   compelled, to move to much larger
guarters.and add extensively to their manufac-
 ‘and. shipping ‘departments. The New
Enﬁland trip-was also successful, Toni securing
131,11/;Yny.piaiio‘houses to -his already large list of

_  , customers.‘ Tom; now betan to employ
A o5§§g'asser8,v;and general agents to‘ introduce Lus-
_;a..§a:ipe'iamong_'the yneoplea ,fI‘he orders of the

..-
.5

 

i»!

entertain a‘ good deal of respect‘ for the boy
‘  h"a¢fl,‘sta1-ted out‘by purchasing" a‘ lot of
.  ",- -‘ 1-  ' '1‘

 time at Sunday edition of the Engla-
ﬁppqjrixaes came out withia full page illustrated

 

ﬁsgaiélkled. success of *Sharw_ood’s Invincihle‘I_,us.

‘  didn‘t ;say in praise of this
_ and-' tl:s:‘eate;'pi:l§i_ug' methods;o£ its ‘yoim:
' r ‘ is  i.€"’*";‘:‘

 
      

133%

out

    

 31:03;

w-, r., ,',- _.  ‘- A. c,,.-

ALWAYS ON :DE_CK

«just the same.
' new and unique methods of advertising, which

afraid that he and his parent-would come}; .

”‘~”‘§a_';-mi‘-f[£o;;c.«tw*elve gross pfbottles became-so ire-‘

thatg/.th~el En-‘Elwood Glaés work-5 Vbeggm. ‘considerable advantage from their custom.‘

eagerness, for it undoubtedly will be a swell’
“  ‘clef’ ' ~hito fth ' d.
@§..‘i"«l3rt"- giving a’ s~ ry 0 6 use an T is now made. and it sells itself. Tom never nag-
ylects a‘.chanc'e tofgive it an additional‘ 

 ‘

     
 

 

the publishers ’-of the Times before the article i
appeared in print, but‘he got his money out of it ‘ A
From that moment‘ Tombegan .- '

add‘ed,to'the expense. But money invested in "
judicious and consecutive’ advertising is never
wasted. . K ' ‘ ‘
When Mr. Sherwood returned from the sani-,
tarium in January a comparatively well man.
Tom was away on another prolonged Western .
Trip. Before he got back Sherwood pere dis-’
covered that the Invincible Lusterine was already Z. f
one of the biggest and most promising industries ’
in Englewood. 7 V’
“You're an uncommonly smart boy, Thomas,‘ j .
remarked Mr. Sherwood, after he had gone over ..
all the fadts and ﬁgures in the case. “I'm be- i“ 
ginning to think that”my hardware.  2 , K‘
which I have carried. on so successfully for yeast . ;
inthis town, will not be'in it with your Luster-inc _‘
in 1» year or so.” , T  :
“Then, father, I "understand that you  
all objections to my keeping on with this
ness?” , . — L ’
“Yes, it would be useless now for me’ to oppoadf ’ 5"-
you. ,The business speaks for itself, and than 5"
is no doubt in my mind but‘ that you are ﬂu. 1
r_eal~'power.which_ has put it on a paying
I congratulate you, my son.” L ,_ r
Tom was a happy boy after that ‘momentous 
interview «with his father.’ He had «been half-

  

m2’

 
 
   
  
  

an’ open rupture. The clouds, however. hadnow",
dispersed from his home horizon, though his'step-(“Q
mother was undisguisedly jealous of his 
success, since it promisodto threw her favorite
son, Henry, completely in the shade. . ”

"To-day Sherwood’s Invincible Lusterine itthe
staple polish on the market, and the ﬁrm an
manufacturing establishment of Sherwood '
Wiley are known, from the Atlanticto the Paciﬁc l.
and from the sin: of Mexico as the Great 1..k¢;._«;
They have a bank account atthe First.National-‘V,
that goes well into five figures and the hank n_,,,,,‘‘ M V

  

    
   
  
  
  
 
  
    

Tom Sherwood is engaged «to be married ti.
Olive Hanford,. and. the iwedcling is a- function.
of thenear future to which, the best society ii;
Engle"woo"cl is looking forward to-. with Jnugk

fair. "Although the reputation of thc'Lusterino 

~-

     

to"th—at‘end,he.'is_“.,Always on Dock.” ,

    
 

       
  
 

e .. ;.w_,ee:k,ts issuéwiri-3=epzaiu :4?
ggsss‘ 7;? 

  

  
  
  
  
    
     
   
   
   
    
    
     
  
   

KlLLED_BY FLYWHEEL

Albert Hansell, seventy-eight, was killed in
. Haunt Holly, N. J.-, in the cold storage plant of_
“’his, fruit farm, near Rancocas, when he was
’ éanght in the large ﬂywheel of a gasoline engine.
J13 went into the plant to start the engine. Mem-
"hers of the family found him dead alongside the
'huge revolving wheel. ,

-IIISSOURIAN TELLS TIME BY PICTURES
. E OF FAMILY
_ A man in Missouri has a watch with tiny
photographs of the members of his family pasted
over its numerals.
' ‘The pictures represent his wife, himself and
their ten children. » Every time he‘p‘u1ls out the
mepiece he has th'e"unique pleasure of seeing
‘hisentire family, says the Detroit News.
Hedmimself is 1 o'clock, _and his wife is 2 o’c'lock.
The children are arranged in the order of their
birth, beginning with the oldest at 3 o'clock and
Iﬂaontinuing around to midnight, or noon, as «you
Jolesee, to the baby of the family.

W’? 3.‘  >3’, l.‘ r’. ’ T4 '2' A ,' Y  
 AND FORTUNE WEEKLY  ,
 NEWS
1'

A PIGEON MYSTERY ‘

Residents of Birmingham, Ala., have an un-
solved mystery in the invisible obstacle which pre-
vented 'a flock of pigeons passing overhead from
continuing a straight course. Timeafter -time
the birds essayed the passage, but at the particu-
lar point swerved and returned to renew the at-
tempt. Whether it was fumes from a stack or a
peculiar deﬂection of the wind from some build-
ing is not known and the pigeons couldn’t tell.

 

 

A WHITE CROW . _-‘iv,
According to Charles Hutchins, naturalist, a _— "
pure white albino crow was captured by.Joseph - gt;
Cummings, a student at a Denver,’ Col., high -, 
school. “I believe .i1: is the only pure white crow , , ~‘ =
in existence,” Mr. Hutchins is quoted. “It has: '
been known that such a bird existed, because a , _._ -.-
few have been found dead and now are in mu} I " "
seums in the East. The bird is pure white and
in perfect health. It has not ‘a. colored or black
feather on it. It even has albino eyes.” ~. ‘

 

  

       
     
       
    

 the new department entitled

I 1

gyentures and mysteries:

'  ?~ “TURNED

' J.

 
 

 
 

was swindlers. entitled‘-E’-"l

   

fasiaitién ‘ice an

  
   

GREAT DETECTIVE. sroanass

,  ‘ “mrsraar MAGAZINE” No. 157 conmms THEM
‘ ' GET A COPY AND READ THE FEATURE STORY ‘

“A, QUESTION OF KICK”
. _ ’ By EUGENE JONES _ 5 A‘
Learn what your handwriting shows abdut your character and qualiﬁcations ., ~

 , “WHAT HANDVWI mm; REVEALS”
" " ’ ' _ Conducted by LOUISE RICE _ ‘ ' ‘

, vYou will like the short "stories. They are ﬁlled with exciting detective ad-

.. “SOLITAIRE DOWNES PASSES OUT,” by Edgar Daniel Kramer
 “TI-IE_MYSTERY OF ‘THE ICE KING,” by Mont Hurst ‘
“-THE BLACK PEARLS OF. SYDNEY,” by Hugh Thomason.
"'i'HE.‘BOASTER’S REWARD.” by Dale D. Kier  ~
AROUND,” by Nelson A._\ Hutto ‘

Then there’s a fine two-part serial entitled

“  ~ . v :“wrrH EYES -"AND NOSE”.  ~ A’ p
  y  _ _ g  By RALPH E. DXAR _ A  ' ~ . 

 siml-ia1"artic1e by POLICE-,CAPTA.1N HOWARD exposing the_triseks;f9f_.,
this there are numerous short articles snch'as.“A Ban"
" “Bomb Explodes in Auto,." .“The"  Didn’t Know 11

r,’ ’ «M

3 .

        
       
   
       
    
     
      

-'.*.~'*Ait»3'

~B,réd.f" "‘,'1'beatz-e 

   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  

 Rob and the .Rep'orterse

\'=v Hustling \for  News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER IV.——(Continued).
. “I'm not certain that I have been taken on,”
‘replied Rob. “Mr. Finch changed his mind after
you left. He is sending me to New York an an-
nottlier matter, and I can't tell what may come of
I .
i , Be very sure the boy was wondering within
himself what would come of it!
c He got his breakfast and lay down for an hour,
:2: hti: lilind wasrtso fagtliitatted that he was only
— I e s ee a o e lme.
‘ " The ten“ gcloclita train took him to New York,
 in due season he turned up at the oﬂice of the .

 was left waiting a long time, but at last
he was conducted into an elegantly furnished of-
 ﬂee, where he was received by Mr. Torrence, a’
middle gentleman of very abrupt manners,
«L who looked him over, and then said:
 » “I have read your war article. You write well.
"aware you born in Newfoundland?" I

“Yes, sir,”» replied Rob.
":'I'l1ex’i, you are ‘a British subject!"

. -es. .

“So much the better. Now listeh. \I am in-

ﬁorined that no war correspondents are to be per-

. mitted to go to the front by either of the powers

is this European conflict. All we sent have ‘been

rned’down. Now, it is not the custom of the
ll to submit to being turned down. Would

 be willing to jump to Europe as a secret war

’ correspondent‘ for this paper?”_

“I certainly slibuld,” replied Rob, greatly

  

    
  

  

A ;

' pay will be seventy—ﬁve dollars a week
and ex uses. Satisfactory?” /
’ 3‘Ent:rely so.” ,
.,"‘You could. start,at once?"
“Just as soon. as you wish, but how am I to
to?» I know nothing of the present sailings of

' steamers.” . ‘
‘Hot: are not to go on a regular steamer. Them
arr English ‘tramp leaving here for Liverpool
itrmorrow n1orning,at tea: I have secured pas’;
- i for twoon her. She is the Sterling Castle.

, - 1' two?" '
‘ shall want to act as V
iece, Mina dith Morley.

been osﬁzht .in_the

 nii’ud$meut_' em to oin her.

   
  
   
 
  
     

  

she as_.been

stress.

   

  

war, and she .

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY V ‘

Rob heard all this with no little dismay. .

So far as girlswere concerned, he was one of ‘.
those diﬂident fellows who had always kept him— ’
self in the background.

“You don’t object, I hope?” demanded Mr.
Torrence. “The matter must be decided at once.

‘I have another young man in viewybut my friend

Finch has so highly recommended you that the
engagement is yours if you want it.”

“It will be all right,” replied Rob, thus forced
to an immediate decision. “Where in Belgium -
does Miss Morley wish to go?”

“To a small town called Durelle," was the re-
ply. “She will makeher own plans. I have noth- .
ing whatever to say in the matter. Now for your 3;
instructions. Pay close attention. I am return-
ing to Bayville, where my summer home is, to-
night, and shall not see you again except on the
steamer." ’ —.

Rob was closeted for an hour with Mr. Tor-
rence.' . . ‘

When he left. he had a thousand dollars in‘Eng- a
lish money in his pocket and several letters of 
introduction to newspaper people in London. ‘V l .,

It all seemed so amazing that he could scarcely ‘
credit it.

Yesterday he had been practically a tramp. £5

Now he was vEuropean war correspondent for _. '7
the New York Earth. ' ' ‘ "

  
 

 
 

CHAPTER V.
Across The Big Pond.

Rob spent the night’ at an uptown hotel, and
at nine-thirty o'clock‘ next morning, having ’
a: few hasty purchases, he went aboard the Sher!»
ing Castle at her Brooklyn pier, and presentkl.
himself to Captain Tucker, who received him very“
cordially. ‘ '~ ”

There was no reason why it should have bea.‘
otherwise, for Rob, in the new suit he had bougllh
the day before, was a mighty stylish looking fei-j_
low,“while the captain turned out to be a Ca-.
nadian, not so very much older than himself. . 

“Of course you comprehend the risk you an: --
running, Mr. Randall,” he said. “While I don’t1 ’
look for trouble, we are liable to" be blown sky-'
high by some German cruiser, or to be made 1) '
oners and carried to clear known where." .‘

“Pm taking my chances with the rest of
captain,” replied Rob. "I haven't heard of any
English tramp being captured by’the Germany
yet; have you?" _ V _ _‘ ‘ 

“No, I haven't," admitted the captain. “Juli;
the same, there is no telling what may happen.
I only speak so that you may be prepared.”  .

“Are there to any other passengers
myselfjnd Miss orley'!." asked Rob.

“One. A Mr. Walter Douglas."

“What is his business?’ "

h,a“I haven',tthe faintest idea. But see
ve

 
   
     
       
   
        
       
   
     
 
   
  
  

  
    
  
   
   

   
     
  
  
   
    
  
     
  

  

rid

  

 1

v

' \ , ;

FAME AND FoR'rUi~IE WEEKLY ' E E 23
coon READING I S

 

. “STAR SPANGLED BANNER” STOPS Swimmers in the tributaries of this river are
 NOISY WORKMAN wary of these creatures, for they shoot forward ».
The workman refused to stop his poundimz_c_lur- fgidggﬁjt gl§:at:fe'::m.:: met 1925 and then retreat '
_ ing the school assembly exercises. at a Spl‘lng- Their teem ar ajhmg ttlhrush forward 3.2."-In.
ﬁeld. Mass., school. I-Ie’d “had his orders” and known t0‘bite e;°th“ arpd at they ha‘/e been

i _—.he wasn't going to stop at the request of anv were drawn th ° h 819? S 01' Dftddles as these
_ school principal. The principal could hardly A ta .1_ ca ht’g“g S 9 “ate? -'i§~9I'n of the boat.
3 make himself heard above the din. Suddenly he h d  ‘I3 buy 3 ﬁ_0l1th American traveler had

: "’ had fmrimpspy thsoughtl ﬁnal; annmmfed’ “we'll an p1i:izes‘oi'wt§liee liu:1?zi)re liibatlsreiis tflisigiuzgllf tvljhen tthe
». sin e tar pange anner.’ . ‘ ,_. _ e wa er
‘A gp rose the entire audience and the workman betlgid 03: t1;1‘g‘ter°i Came: “at“"°5 ',"“5t_ Stand.
’ dropped his tools to stand at attention. By the 33th d f thr prze or else they will discover

time the song was finished the 12 o'clock whistle gee“ ‘;f‘~’“° 3“, .1? g§“"'.‘~‘Y that the‘? hunting has

 blew and the workman ‘Beatit to chowd’ the hum‘; 1,3 ::iz'e cafggtgl; “'1” ha“? devoured‘
A  A   ' ..?.":..’.:’;.’.’:;‘:.‘°§.,¥. ‘:5. :*;*:.*:.‘'*‘.:‘.“*:.-:‘s’‘. ii. “*'""- 
HEANEST THIEF TAKES BABY CARRIAGE t {S ,,,,m,,,. mm —d to 3,3 .3 .' ° 0 river-

_ .w1icn it was recently reported to the police for speed and witlfineits javsslarles t"e§ii°ial:c?§
‘that some miscreaiit had stolen the wheels from shaped, as sharp as those of a shark. ’ . 4.

1 b'aby carriage, apparently for the rubber tires So knifelike are the teeth of this ﬁsh that the
with which they were equipped, it was thought natives of Guiana use them as sharpener-s for the '
that the “meanest” theft had been uncovered; but tiny arrows they use in their blow guns, The

 

   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 

his trade which includes the appropriation two of the teeth and make in this w

«of not only the wheels of a baby carriage but the of deadly sharpness. This arrow is Etytea: :ilpI:e‘d
entire carriage and its contents. _ in poison and is one of the oldest and most prim’

- For, according to a report ﬁled at headquarters tive of Indian weapons. 1‘
recently, when Mrs. E. J. Lavigne, of Oxford The piranha fish has two other names It 1

street, Lawrence, Mass., went into an Essex often known as the caribe, and some tribes call. I
street store to do some shopping, she parked her it the pirai. ‘ °‘
ﬁshy carriage on the sidewalk outside, but when -
she emerged from the emporium the carriage had

  
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  

 

ﬁsltplpearei 1 i th ' ‘ th
o,ice o cia s are 0 _e opinion at it was . ._
. lucky that Mrs.-Lavigiie instead of leaving her SEMI-MONTHLY ' 10 CENTS A copy‘
E:a,by_in the carriage took it with her into the __— LATEST lssvls _ ‘
r°- i 150 , ‘ ' ~ - u . I
_, . W :§:0§:):§g§’:i::: C:).\ :81-. (.ElLI.\G, by can
— . v F 2-32 , “ ' ‘ .‘ : - ‘ ~ I hymns Ripley _
mm: mm on THE AMAZON   mt-.-.::.: ;.i;;.*:s.:=m=-

Along the upper tributaides of the Great Ama- 154 THE HOUSE ON THE ROCKS. by Jack Beciiaoi.
in River that h e a_ knife cuts_across the con- The ioiiowing and future numbers 0! this ‘
ﬂuent of South America, live animals, birds and * Price 15 cum ""‘_‘_"', , “

' and n ann . 155 L ‘G .' , , - » .
.  -:un:i}?,é‘”‘:;§be‘;?:‘\{‘11%:hu£1f 2§\c sw'8y!“DS that Ag:ll8:Illl:\(‘ npxrﬂ S TI‘A”“ "3 3”‘ L‘-'R0r Jor-
- - ' eat 0 r0 ic sun, in air so v
2"u!?th‘:tthdteaet'.h -is noiase cgntrasted with it. THE lgI(;INvl5ILIs)g19PPER
"rough forests that are ancient, immense, tan- ' _ 0“ 1'0“; ‘ V
 and forbidding, dwell innumerable creatures ’ " ‘ °' ‘“
' ‘ifmatii-re, wonderful and horrible. _ . HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher Inc. ” I
Among these creatures are the pirarucu that is 166 West 23d Street ' N ' ". 7
.1etimes 250 pounds in weight; alligators, large °"_ ‘YWK City 2 , _
7 , sniiiil; the araya or the sting-ray; the kan- _ " ‘-
a ﬁsh that penetrates human flesh and is “Moving Pichu-e stoﬁuvz  ’ ,

i V ; the sucurujus, which are supposed by the — , ,- _ ,
- . ' s to Possess l1YPhotiC_DOWéI'S. But as curi- A w"“' “""h’° D"°‘°" '° "'°‘°’'’'’' ‘-6 Harm . .1 *
T \,.§‘I.s any of these'and more deadly than most is ‘PRICE EIGHT CENTS PER COPJL’ "-
’~. - _‘Piranha-ﬁsh, the scientiﬁc name of which is ' ma, numb" “um” Th 8 f
«sag . .  s piraya. This even more than the 31- on the sci~een—megum n.i§3’i°....§°.§‘c°.'..£’.‘  ‘L2: ;
, A .
1|-lo

  
    
    
    
  
   

  
  

r i ii is dreaded by the natives. Its ferocity is F11-l;l:.9:9I3)t“)'i1nR“‘l.‘t1Cl‘¢:‘o$.bo:llt.dPi0cl‘Ilincn! gag: {'1'

andngurthg and Louons in seeiuiiiio.wi-icin; » y
tit often HAIRY E. WOLFE. PIblkher.,ne.«
 .i«~we-z  .,_ “._\i_‘- u Nu has

4i
..

    
  
 

‘peas.’ It attacks other ti
tgﬂtheir ﬁns an_
_  ‘ th_im.t;lid_t ofa‘

.‘v

  
  
 
   
  

   
     

       

 

.. I-K

 

-' there's apparently a meaner thief still, ready to Indians draw the arrows back and forth between ,-

“MYNIGTY Magazine” . - ,:

  

 

 

24

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

INTERESTING RADIO NEW8 AND HINTS

 

RADIO STYLE§ CHANGE

Two years ago when radio first became known
to the man on the street there was a general be-
lief among laymen that some new_ idea would
soon come out and upset all the principles pre-
viously discovered in this new art of communi-
cation, But nothing of the kind_has happened,
and in this respect radio is repeating the history
of other inventions.

Take the telephone. for example. The tele-
phone is fundamentally the same todav as the
first model which Alexander Graham Bell pro-
duced. Likewise the principle of the steam en-
gine is the same now as When Robert Fulton
made the first steamboat. Hardly ever has a
great invention later undergone a_fiind‘amen
change in the principles underlying it. 0
solescence comes in styles, but not in principles.
Reﬁnements are made, costs cut and parts made
simpler and more rugged, but no revolutionary
change occurs. ,

The same is true of radio. Circuits that gave
good results two years ago give good results
now, although simpler circuits have been de-
veloped, using fewer controls.

It is a fact that the public is now buying
higher grade parts than they were a. year or two
ago. but they are still buying well known, tried
and true brands.

Five years ago at certain small concern pro-
duced an amplifying transformer which was the
first offered for general sale to the public. To-
day that transformer is identical with the one
first produced and its eﬁciencv as well as its
slogan have become famous. This manufacturer
has developed the ‘so-called reﬂex circuit to a

point where any one can put together a set which‘

will bring in broadcasting stations within a thou-
stand miles radius and do so on a loud speaker.

. DAILY CHARGING '

The selection of a storage battery for_ op-

' crating the detector and ampliﬁer tubes in a
radio receiver depends primarily upon the facili-
ties for charging the battery and upon the num-
ber of tubes and the ‘length of time each day the
tubes are in operation. For some single tube
receivers the currents necessary to heat the ﬁla-
ment is approximately one ampere and if- the
set is to be operated for three hours each day
‘the total discharge of the battery a day will be
three ampere hours. On this basis a storage
o battery having a total capacity of sixty ampere
hours would supply the required amount of ﬁla-
ment currents for a period of twenty days: if,
however, a receiver employing three tubes is
used the total discharge of the battery a" day
under the same conditions will he nine ampere

hours and the battery will require charging in -

approximately seven days.
,— It is apparent, therefore, that_if the amount of
current drawn from a battery is large frequent
' g will be necessary. In addition to the

considerable inconvenience results in the_

T  a battery to and from a service

 _to‘the-wei;ht and‘ also to the  V

   

  

that the set is inoperative while the battery is
being charged. If a battery of large amperage
is selected the charging periods will not be as
frequent, but the weight is considerably increas-
ed; for example, an eighty ampere hour battery
six volt acid type weighs about 27 pounds while
a 120 ampere hour battery weighs 58 pounds.

_For these reasons continuity of service, eﬁ-
cient operation and convenience necessitate the
employ of charging apparatus in combination
with the receiving set so that removal of the
battery with consequent interruption of opera-
tion may be avoided. If the only available sup-
ply of current is alternating it is necessary to
employ a rectifier and associated apparatus, ﬁrst
to reduce the voltage of the circuit and second
to convert the alternating current into a current
which flows in one direction.

A half wave rectiﬁer, converts the alternating i

current into a series of half wave pulsations

amounting in effect to a ﬂow of direct current.’
Some transformers reduce the potential of the

119 volt line circuit so that after rectification

from ten to ﬁfteen volts are impressed upon the

six volt battery. The secondary winding of

the transformer has two coils, one of which con-

sists of a few turns of heavy wire for supplying

current to the ﬁlament, the other coil having a »
large number of turns for furnishing the battery

charging current.

The current ﬂows through the bulb from the
plate to the ﬁlament during one half cycle, but
no current flows during the other half cycle, and
consequently a series of undirectional pulsations
of charging current ﬂow through the storage
battery.

if the storage battery is connected to the center
points of a double pole’ double throw switch,
while the receiver set is connected to one side

of the switch and the rectiﬁer to the other side, '
a convenient and safe arrangement is obtained 

whereby the receiver is automatically discon-
nected when the switch is closed between the T
rectiﬁer and the battery.’ When the switch is‘
closed in the other directio the battery operates
directly on the receiver a d the rectiﬁer is dis-
connected.

_It is evident, therefore, that the addition of!
charging equipment ‘to a receiving set employing
vacuum tubes permits the battery to be main.
tained in a fully charged condition by the appli-
cation ()f'a daily uninterrupted and eﬂicient

curing comparatively small expense.

NEW RADIO RULES
Broadcasting; stripped of diﬂiculties menacing
both the industry and millions of listeners, in
enter-iru upon an era of eﬁcient and orderly
development, according to G. B. Cooper, a mem-
ber of the National Radio Chamber of Commera.

~ sei-‘vice at a charge of short duration, thus se- 

“It will take 9, Ion while to work out the coli- 

plete plan devisd y the Hoover conference.’
says Mr.

broadcasting
cient. - One

—.

already

  

  

  

    

   

 ig thing ) a¢oomp1ished,iI
1.1‘, '7 =4’.-. T ' -

 
 

Cooper, “but as it goes into elect. ' ~.
hould become more and more  4

    
   
  

 that American manufacturers can now go ahead
with thedesigning and production of equipment
‘j with=the knowledge that wave lengths will be
 . below 600 meters, and that broadcasting is head-
ed toward a deﬁnite goal. ‘ '

, In this broadcasting plan there is no oppor-
‘ tuni for a monopoly of broadcasting wave
len because into both Class A and Class B
;:;; wave length allotments will come arbitrary divi-
ggeions of time. The wave lengths between 222
.{ and 285 Class B will be scattered throughout the
By», country. Wave leng  between 288 and 545,
- ’ Class A will be divided into 50 and allotted to
E the various districts throughout the United

   

 
 
 
 
 

.- .. “This should create a very high-class service,
‘ because it is planned that no two Class B broad-
casting stations shall operate on the same wave
\ length at any one time in the entire country.
It should be remembered, however, that, while
_ _‘there can be many Class B stations, they will all
' have speciﬁc time allotments and 50 stations will
work at once at diiferentwave lengths.”
' Discussing the inﬂuence of the new scheme of
Wave lengths upon radio at sea. Mr. Cooper says:
V “At 300 meters there is a break in the _wave
. length band for marine work. This is an inter-
4 national ship wave length and cannot be chang-
Eyod, but it is recommended that only a minimum

 

 

 
  

‘of trafﬁc be carried on this wave length between
 ship and ship and ship and shore.
“At 450 meters there is also a break for marine
work, but on this wave length it has been re-
quested «that ships remain silent between the
hours of 7 and 11 and that later, as fast as
ships can be returned, that the working wave of
‘ ships be changed to above 600 meters.
“During the Hoover conference it was brought
vi out that spark sets aboard ships create consider-
-. able interference, and there has been some dis-
eussion about trying to find a way to eliminate
 spark sets. This, however, must not be done he-
 cause the present radio law requires the carry-

’  of radio when 50 or more persons are aboard
. Ihip and the Government caiinot, or at least should
"_ .not, prohibit the steamships from carrying spark
X , sets, because by so doing they would, as a result

"~01 the present patent situation, place steamship
"‘_ companies in a position wherein they would be
.« _ compelled to resort to one company-”





 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

 

~ ._ SUPER-HETERODYNE
 X '.There are live fundamental methods used to
'_obtain louder signals; (1) Regeneration; (2)
_ Super-regeneration; (3) Radio frequency,am-
2.‘ pliﬁcation; (4) Audio frequency ampliﬁcation;
" (5) Superheterodyne.
’ . The limitations of each scheme are as follows:
(7), Regenerative circuits, when permitted to
oscillate, act as small transmitters and create in-
terferenee for nearby receiving sets; (2) Super-
‘ iﬁgeneration is not selective and it is diﬁicult to
‘ Control; (3) Untuned radio frequency ampliﬁcation
 means of transformer coupling does not do
Zlostice to all wave lengths and tuned radio-fre-
gfllency ampliﬁcation requires too many adjust-
Ents to tune the various circuits; (4) Audio
. ~ V »- tion is limited to two stages; (5) The
 .-heterodyne is free from the limitations

 
 
  

\

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

possessed by other methods of amplifying by,‘
is complex in construction. The super-hetevp
dyne is sensitive to weak impulses. It is'a
sharp tuner, but not critical. It is easy to
operate, as it has only two controls.

A super-heterodyne consists chieﬂy of two
parts, a frequency changer and a long wave re-
ceiver set. It is based on this reasoning: a radio
frequency ampliﬁer will operate easily on long
wave lengths but not so on short wave lengths.
It was imperative during the World War to devise
a method capable of picking up feeble short wave
signals used by the Germans in trench, sub-
marine and other communication systems. Thus
the super-heterodyne was invented by Major E.
H. Armstrong while in France. He studied the
problem and decided to receive the short waves
and _then change them to long waves, making it
possible to use eﬂicient long wave ,radio frequency
ampliﬁers.

The wave changer can be built in an entire
separate unit and -be as distant from the ordinary
receiving set _as an audio-ampliﬁer unit. A wave
changer consists_of a detector tube having two
fequ_encies supplied to it; the frequency of the

.incoming signal picked up by the antenna; and

second, a frequency furnished by a vacuum tube
oscillator, called the “heterodyne,” which feeds
the detector by means of a suitable coupling.
The output of the frequency changer has a fre-'
quency equal to the difference between the signal
frequency and_the_ frequency of the heterodyne
oscillator. This difference can be varied by ad-
Justing the heterodyne frequency.

For eitample if an incoming signal has a wave
length of 400 meters or 760 kilo-cycles and the
heterodyne tube is adjusted to oscillate at 850
lnlocy_cles, _the diﬂerence between the two fre-
quencies will be 100 kilocycles.‘ The heterodyne
could be adjusted to oscillate at 650 kilocyclea
and the diiferenee would still be 100 kilocyclee,
it makes little diﬁerence which way it is ad-
iuated. The difference in the twg frequencies is
impressed upon the intermediate frequency am-

liﬁer. The super-heterodyne can be controlled

y two adjustments, one for the wave length of
the incoming signal and the others to control the
frequency of the oscillator tube. One is called
the wave length control and the other the fre-
quency changer.

The super-heterodyne is desi ed to v
all diﬁiculties of radio frequgiréy am;?ii§cr§§i'3§
at short wave lengths. It converts the frequency

of the incoming signal to a value that can be ‘

ampliﬁed without difficulty.

To operate a super-heterodyne the signal is
tuned in just as with any receiving set. The
incoming signal is then mixed with a signal com.
ing from the local oscillator tube or heterodypg.
The result is a signal of much lower frequency
equivalent to a_ high wave length. This low fre-
quency signal is passed_ through an intermediate
f"eq“e“¢Y Qmpllfler designed especially for lo
wave ampliﬁcation. The signal is then pas
on to the loudspeaker and audio frequency ampu.
ﬁer or phone.

Each stage of ampliﬁcation is shielded pre-
ferably in a metal compartment_. 11; is hot‘;-wees,

to he to the '
feaariis niustvle>e‘aa iih?>!i't as poasi°°mP:lre.tmem' An ‘mi

/,

   

 

 25. .
,' Fame and Fortune Weekly

 

‘ 7' NEW ‘YORK, MAY 16,’ 1924
TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS
3‘:‘.“8.S§":‘r°:;g;'na;a;.;:::::?°"??‘° F’-9° ‘M3 °°’“‘
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. “ “ 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . .. " “ 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $.00.

now To SEND MONEY—At our risk send If. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are iii your risk. We accept Postaze
Stamps the same as cash. When sending ii lver Wrap
the Coin in a se arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope VS):-ite your name and address plainly.
Address letters to

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wollf,'Pres.
_ Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. Sec.
166 W. 23d St., N. Y. L. F. Wilzin, Treas.

\ .

0 ITEMS OF lNTEREST

' THE LARGEST NEWSPAPER
.‘ _.1;; 1859 there appeared in New York ‘the larg-
est newspaper on record, measured by size of the
sheet. The dimensions were 9 b 6 feet. It was
called the Illustrated Quad“? 9 C°,"5t°u3tl°n»
and consisted of eight pages.‘ For eight weeks
_ forty persons were busy with its compilation. It
 was intended by the founders that a copy should
' be issued every century.

o

 ‘ , AMERICA'S OLDEST ROAD _
“ 1 r The oldest road on the North American conti-

' ‘ ' anish road built across Mexico

gfnttliés z;til:1tet.eg.liithsIc)cntury. It ‘is shaped like the
-' ietter “Y” with the stem starting at Vera Cruz on
.. ' the Gulf. The northern prong touches the Pa-
i - ciiic at San Bias, and the southern tip at Acapul-

‘ co. Because ofthe ro d the westbound convoys
, - ' frointhe Philippines were- spared the _dangerous
* .; '~= navigation around Cape _Horn. There is still evi-
'« ‘- ‘ dence that this old trail was used by.the In-
*"7*‘-“ dians before the Spaniards broadened it from a
.r_ ' pack-mule path to a highway.

 

  FALSE TEETH STOLEN WHILE MEN EAT
" Contrary to the practice of most persons, Tony

Pollock of Chelsea, ‘Mass., takes ‘out his teeth be-’

‘ . Th’ h b't t h‘ the loss
 i ‘ K gin: sharzliltnldignteowelght of lfilsﬁ lingss while he was
1- ' ‘eating his dinner in 9. Chelsea restaurant.
'- Tony laid the new set of incisors and molars
 ” on "the table before he started to eat and wheifi
 he. had ﬁnished. he was overcome by_ a sense 0
. . something missing and found that his teeth had
.: 7 been stolen. Although he had_ not used them
' ' much in the process of Fletcherizing his food
‘Tony feels the loss keenly because of the fact that
15¢ paid $86 for them. ,

   

1- "GETTING FIRE FROM COMPRESSED AIR

3-» -31,. inhabitants .of the Malay Penénsulﬁ have

,3 "7"; ‘method of obtaining fire which IS probalalv
‘  among pg-omitive peoples. = ‘They utilile

 
 

.‘

: the eompre,ssion,9‘f:_41_ir_ r8i§°8"i§5 ’

n

. ered a little, the monitor

  

truslnd for two. poundl,"

FAME AND EORTUNE WEEKLY

temperature, one known to every man who has
ever pumped up a tire, but one which it is most

surprising to find in the possession of a group of

aborigines.

A tiny pump of wood, hardly more than three
inches in length and with a bore of about half an
inch, is used. This pump is open at one end,
closed at the other. In it fits closely a plunger
equipped with a round knob at one end and a
piston-like expansion at the other. The piston
end of the plunger is dipped in tinder, which the
native carries in a moth’s cocoon, which makes
an absolutely water-tight container. The piston
is placed in the pump and the knob struck sharp-
ly. The compression of air raises the temperature
to such a degree that the tinder is ignited and

when the piston is withdrawn it is found to be ,

glowing- .The native blows on the glowing mass,
inserts it into his ready-laid fuel, and presto! he
has his ﬁre.

This method is_ quicker by far than the frie-
tioii method used by most primitive races.

LAUGHS

Lady (at piano)—-.They say you lov good
music. Youth—Oh, that doesn’t matter. Ifray go
on. -

 

\

 

History Prof—Why are the Middle Ages known
as the Dark Ages? Wise Fresh—Because then
were so many knights.

 

“Has your daughter a voice that could help in

the choir?” Mother-—Mercy, yes. .When she's out ‘
of humor, you can hear her talkin’ for half a",

square.

Teacher—Now who can tell me what political
economy is"? Mike (embryo Tammany statesman)
—Gittin’ the inost votes for the least money.

 

 

“There is too much system in this school busi-
nessl” growled Tommy.
_ . ‘ turned me over to the
principal, and the principal turned me over to
paw!" “Was that all?” "No; paw turned me
over-his kneel”

 

Teacher-——Last Sunday, dear child, we zrad
about Joseph and Pharaoh. What was done to

Joseph? Tommy—He was inade to sit on thereof. - ‘
“Why, Tommy, ‘what do you mean by such non-‘
sense?” “Well, you read that Pharaoh set Joseph _

over his house.”

 

Wife—George, I want to see that letter. Hua-
band—What letter, dear? Wife>-That letter you

just opened. I know by the handwriting it is fronr

a woman, and you turned pale when you read it.
Hand it here, sir! Husband—Here it is, dear.
It is from your dressmaker. '

 

A sharp boy in Grangetown walked into a. groo- .

er’s shop. “Please, sir,” he said to the proprietor,
“mother told me to ask you whether there is 
a thing as _a sugar trust.-" “Of course H1013 18-’
was the answer. ‘ “Well, then, mother want: to 

 

“Just because I sniek-’

  
 
 

  

WINDOW WASHER BUYS
\ BUILDING

Tanke Martivi Soklowski of’ Newark, N. J.,
stopped washing windows long enough to buy a
$100,000 apartment house, and then took his mop
and bucket and went back to work.

Soklowski came to this country twelve years

. He has a wife and four children and works

’ for the Washington Window Cleaning Company.

He bought the fashionable Clintonia Apartment,

No. 884-886 South 14th street, Newark, and paid

down $15,000. The building is a four-story, six-
teen-family structure with a marble entrance.

This is the second apartment house_in the
Soklowski family. Four years ago his wife
bought,the six-“family house in which they live
with their four children at No. 750 Huntei-don
street. The price was $15,000 and she paid $4,000

down.
v'~ "We both work," Mrs. Soklowski said. ‘_‘My
’ husband is never sick. He never smokes, drinks
or goes to the movies. ‘He works all day and
many times at night. That is all.”

$100,000

 ‘r.'_ " L‘ '-". " “.“'j§{N 773.,‘-Y5«'*""‘T~:>'.r.:'r-.r‘rvr.—~;,m.sv

k THE COWRY

3. The cowry or cowrie is a species of mollusk,
 some of which "are very familiar as decorative
P3’ ohiects and as gurnishing a medium of exchange
ft with uncivilized peoples. The shell is more or
5x less of an oval form, and is usually, thick, pol-

ished and’ beautifully colored. The young shells
ago more typically snail-like, but in the adults
the large last whorl more or less conceals the
others and has its outer lip bent in toward the
inner. The ‘animal has a broad hea_d, and pro-
trudihle proboscis, eyes associated with the long
horns, and a broad foot protruded through the
. Vghngated aperture. The mantle or skin fold
which forms the shell, as in other mollusks, ex-
tuids over the whole or most of the surface, and
'. thus conceals during life what gives the dead
- shells half their’ charm. The cowry is a sluggish
"creature, creeping slowly on rocks and coral
reefs. A cowry found in the Maldive Islands was
laig used as currency. and is still so used in

 

V
.2
;

‘.1'n~o~I',vI; *-
1-. ‘

   

 Ag-pica. In Siam over »6,000 cowries were re-
 quimd to, ake a tical, worth 50 cents. of our
r- money. Cowries are frequently used in Eng-

 .::.°‘:':.:.‘:':.:‘.s:*°.:.:: si;:°°i.-“:3. '22::
 edogical craze, and small fortunes have been
 in gathering that wealth of varied colors

‘ which a good “cowry cabinet"_diSPl8Y5-

     
   
   
  
  

 

,.

, . ABOUT A NEEDLE
“gag gurpﬁse g good many to learn that no
161101‘ an twenty-two separate P70085593 _*}1’'3
1-Iain:-ed to‘make the tiny steel ' needle familiar
. i one, butthe fact gives one an idea of the
.. -up which its manufacture bias 
iinoedio ot.tliI.tiIﬁ_0f Que_en,~’-«Islam 8

1);. I >_._»‘<,_,

.  _  AND FlOR_'l‘UN'E ‘WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

ztccessloll and a comparison of the one made to-
day shows what strides the industry has made,
and what patience and inventiveness have been
brought to bear upon it. A thick, badly—shaped
shaft, white in color, with an irregular point, a
head much larger than the body of the object, and
a roughly-drilled circular eye; such was the
needle with which the seamstress of' 1837 had to
sew. The modern needle is fine, with an evenly-
tapered point, a head no wider than the shaft, an
eye perfectly smooth inside and well shaped, and
a polish ‘like glass, so that it slips easily through
the material sewn. To, understand to what a
pitch of perfection needle making has been
brought, one has only to examine the “calyx-
€Y€d" needle, one of the latest developments of
the article. As it ‘is threaded through a slit in
the top of the head instead of in the ordinary
way, there must be sufficient elasticity to allow
the thread to pass into the eye without being

frayed or cut, and at the same time the sides of '

the ‘head must be capable to springing together
again so as to prevent the cotton from slipping
out after the needle is threaded. It is evident
that to ensue elasticity the needle must be ten-
pered with the greatest regularity; and extreme
care has to be taken to make the sides of the slit
perfectly smooth, so that the thread will not be
out while passing through it. ‘

SUGAR FROM DAHLIAS

Scientiﬁc investigators years ago discovered '

that the  contained a considerable content of
sugar. Since then the raising of sugar beets has
grown to be quite an industry. Now science has
discovered that the dahlia, which has been culti-
vated in a large variety of beautiful colored blos-
soms, also contains a large content of sugar that
is sweeter than the sugar of cane or beets. Flow-
er_ gardeners have long prized the dahlia as a
thing of beauty.
git: thing of Joy for patients suffering from dia-
s. -

Diabetes patients are known to have an insat- '

iable longing for sweet things which are danger-
ous to their health. Saccharin has been the only
sweet allowed those suﬁering from diabetes, -and
it is thought that this form of sweet is injurious
to the digestive organs. The suger obtained from

the roots of dahlias is half again as sweet as cane ,

or beet sugar and does not harm the patient. Sta-
tistics show that there are ahnost 1,000,000 per-

sons suﬁering from diabetes in this country, so .
II

that the discovery of dahlia sugar is ﬁeond '
importance only to the discovery of insulin.

It is said that ﬂowers on the dahlie plants de-
tract from the amount of sugar euitained in the
roots, so it would seem improbable that the dab-
lia may be made to serve thedual purpose of._be-‘
ing a beautiful decoration and at the same time
serve is the. mole utilitarian capacity as a "pro-
ducer of medicinal-saga";-, A -, . . ~ L

I

 

.-s

   

Now medical science prizes it ~

 

i Q
‘T3

 

 .,'

 

FAME AND.  \lVEEKLY
-‘ “ 7 ITEMS or INTEREST

 

 

. Vvr

' . _woRLD's STRONGEST X-RAY T0 TREAT the present corner of‘West Fourth and Eleventh
.l ' CANCER streets and on Monday morning ‘a large frame’

‘Cancer, most insidious of diseases and one that _h°“-‘*9 had been erected‘ th€1'e- .
has deﬁed medical science for generations, is to go n‘ecessary had these periodical removals to
-be again attacked, this time by Dr. Lewis Fried- Greenwich Village become that in 1803 the Mer- ‘
» man, with an X-Ray of 250,000 volts. Doctor chants’ National Bank, soon after its organiza-
v. Fﬁgdman is a noted radiologist and cancer spe— tlon, purchased several lots on the west side of
cialist and holds forth great hope for success in Hudson street, between Horatio and Jane streets,
his new experiments. He says that the rays from and erected a. banking house costing about $16,-
his r\\chine are identical with some radium rays, 000. It was occupied during the epidemic of 1803
_-and by its use hopes to make progress in the ﬁght and again in 1805 and several times thereafter.
to drive out the cancer scourge. So far he has After 1832 the scourges, which had devastated
obtained very favorable results with the powerful the city for so long a period, gradually died out
» ray, and has announced that in a far advanced as the result of better methods for conserving
‘ .case which he had treated he had reduced one health and in 1944 the bank, having no further‘
.7’ dimension of an internal abdominal cancer three- use for its uptown home, sold the property.
quarters of an inch, using the extremely high
voltageof 250,000. Radium has been tried on a
, number of patients and in many cases a fair de-
, ,%'ee of success attended the efforts, but Doctor
, riedman hopes to accomplish even more with his
new machine.‘

 
   
  
 
  
   
  
  

 
   
     
     
    
        
        
     
      
    
     
     
    
     
   
     
    
   
        

 
 

Loox, BOYS!

, TRAPEZEE 0 e
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
, - ts 
it 0011815 0 a ds
iron frame on which the °1i§§ep3§ﬁg3§
iéigi accurately performs like an ath.
Five Dilferent Stunts-

‘run FLYING TRAPEZE _. R lg“.
¢ﬂ_E8°_r-pin and the ﬁgure swinges forwatrhd? _
§:*.:P*“*1:“-° Elias “Wen em -

ersau in e d —
bar by his heels. an all ,camhes 3 ems”

THROUGH THE LOQP—A swift -
he goes through a wire loop,S\1::v.lEe‘slmgl
turn and, catc ing ‘by his heels, swing.-

, ruhead downward from a ha}. '
' 1:: GIANT SWING-1-.l  ‘
with a rush,‘releases'thq.t.ra¥;:;ie £3,332“ a

ja horizontal-.bar with his heels make:

' two swift somersaults in the '31,.’ and,
catﬁhes by his heels again. ' «

_eperorms tw 1; ' ’_ '-2
acts with the grac; ;lx?lr:;gi1.};;,z‘:,l}t:‘ 

 

" WHEN GREENWICH VILLAGE WAS A
v ’ ' HEALTH RESORT
, a One hundred years ago Greenwich Village was
_ _’ chieﬂyknown as one of the best health resorts
  on Manhattan Island.’ Tea rooms,‘ artists’ studios
ii. and Italian restaurants along Macdougal street
V weretoo far in the future to be dreamed of. It
was the yellow fever scourge of 1822 which gave
» an impetus to a building movement -in the Green-_
"I wich locality .with the result that within a few
0 years the little settlement north of Canal street
* ﬁcaine to be regarded as an integral part of the

7 V »cﬁ3.!'le  its well-known thoroughfares, Bank.
a «street, which to-day retains a great deal of its
E Izjrlyprivate home characteristics, acquired its

 
  
  
 

  
    
   

from those yellow -fever days. ' Many of its
‘banking ‘oﬁces in the lower part of the city
vrnoved to temporary quarters on or near what he-
come known as Bank street, .and for several
~ ._ months it was an important ﬁnancial centre. One
-,0! the early chroniclers says in describing the up-
., town migration ‘in 1822:_ Saturday, the »24th of
August, our city presented the appearance of a
‘-town besieged. From‘ daybreak till night one
iinesof carts containing <boxes,‘merchandise and
seﬂects was seen moving toward Greenwich Vil- V

  
      
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 

 

  
 

ﬁligc and the upper parts of the city. Carriages 9“ St“? “N1 ma"? WW ‘men can be
and hacks, wagons and horsemen were scouring - ‘"V°’}t°d' _' . - ~  ' " _ - 7
;.tho'“streets an ﬁlhngthe roads; persons with_ 1‘ he Most Wonderful Toy in ‘  ..3.

-_the_World1 \ ,

PRIGE; $1.50 ‘ .

‘ The collapsible stand and the little ma.m‘- ». ‘ I
liin_ are-neatly packed in a handsome box‘. '
?$és“§€.°li  W“? 8“? °é?.L:
V woLr'1~'='movnm-y" _co,’, _ 
 ,_1ag_.\sf-.esci‘s,t§..§l~Ioy:_)rprl;.ci;i.;:i. r._f 0 ’

_;anxSie_ty'strongly marked on their countenances
.‘and"_with hurried igait were hustling through the
.s_tregl«s.- Tempora oiﬁces‘ and stores were erect-, -, .
3ng,.and"_eV7en on t e ensuing‘ day, Sunday, carts ;
5  in nrptipn and the saw and hammer busily at .

 .-Wrthm as few days the Custom House, the
 .thei.ha.nks, the insurance offices and

' £iu§.;printers'of_newIpapers located themselvesdn 1

‘was iiﬁhmcd ’  

.m the:
Al  30' -‘e"...*«‘3*§.L?,’,.,,'l.'~‘u

   
   
   
 
     

  
   
  
    
 

  
  
 
 
  

 ’ ueownulbythe

Op,‘-snowfall that
turned into" a I

   

A “MYSTERY
BOTTLE"
THAT FORE-
'cAsTs THE
-WEATHER

 

An hermeti-
cally sealed bot-
tle ﬁlled with
what looks like a
mixture of red
sand and yellow-
ish liquid, kr-.own_
to be at least
three centuries
old, is attracting
the attention of
French scientists,
as it is reputed
to be the only
infallible weath-
er prophet ex-
tent. The bottle
is in the posses-
sion of an aged
Brittany farmer.

When it is go-
ing to rain,_tl'n.
solid particles
gather in round
clusters. and
when snow IS
coming white
ﬂakes appeal‘.
while if hail is on
the way, the en-
tire ‘mingture be-
comes viscous.

These auguries
are so accurate
that farmers for
miles around
telephone t h e
owner-_ of the
magic bottle
when they wish
to make certain
that their crops
will not be dam-
aged by another

day's delay in
theﬁelds.

The French
Academy of

Science is send-
ing a committee
of chemists to
study the strange
vial, but the
farmer says he
will not permit it
to be opened.

A similar bot-

mnn’s grand-
father burst with
: loud report for-

years ago
when a Septem-
ber hail-storm
was followed by

. HNESWIACH
come. ee.pALL0dox-oddmouoy.iIg‘msy

 

L

 -r-rt: Ans

Write to Riker 5 King. Adoertitlug Oﬁices, II33 Broadway. New Yer} Ch‘), or
29 East Madiron Street, Chicago, for particular: about adanﬂeiug is this nuazaxiﬂl.

AGENTS WANTED

AGENTS VlANTED—Blg Money and Fast Sula. Every
owner buys Gold initials {or his auto. You charge

$1.50; msko $1.35. Ten orders dsiiy easy. Write (or
particulars and free samples. American Mouogn
01., Debt. 171. East Orange. N‘. 1

AUTO 0WNER~4lct your tires Free:
Agent! Big spare lime money-maker! Sample tires

furnished. No capital or experience needoll. \\'rile

today.‘ Armour Tire & Bubber 00.. Desk 674. Day-

lmi thin

AGENTS—90o an hour to advertise and disv.ril>ute
samples to consumer. Write quickly for territory and
srliculsrs. Amerlcm Products Co.. 1655 American
ldg.. Clnclnnstl. O.

IIUIMAGE SALES make $50,000 daily. We stun you.

Be our Factor)

PERSONAL--Continued

LONELY? Marry. wealth. beauty. Lsdlss, wrltn
(sump) H. C. McPherson. Kan.

LUVING YOUNG LADY, wealthy, wants tunes! hus-
band. .\'anry_ Box 39. Oxford. Flu.

LONELY HEARTS. Join our (‘iub. be IIIDDY. corre-
spondmce everywlxere, many descriptions. photos free:

lime! lei. most successful method. 23 years’ experi-
-nce. Standsrll Cor. Club, Grayslnke. ill.
LONESOME WlDOWS—Gez Busy, W'rile Me, Marry

\\L’lllilI)', Mr. Hyde. Box 305. San Frmlrlsco.

MARRIAGE PAPER—20th ntr. Big Issue with descrip-
tions. photos. names and addresses. '.'5 cents. No
other fee. Sen: sealed. Box 2265 B. Boston. Mus.

HARRY IF LONELY: "Home Maker": hundreds

Renreaentativrs wanieil everywhere. "W1-i0LivI.\‘.\l.l-Z _rIxh: couﬂdenlhl; reliable; yurs experience: descrip-
DlS’l'1'tlBL'TORS." Dem. 109. 609 Division Street. E;-iii: free. "The Successful Club," Box 556. 0sklsnd._
(vm.-“D, a 1 nrnll.

AGENTS—Conner made $37.00 proﬁt two days selllnz
authentic “Life oi’ Wilson." Big boo Oulﬁt
free. Wilmore Book & Bible Co.. Como BlllK., Chl(‘agn_

IARRY—-Free photographs, directory and descriptions
or wealthy mambo s. Pu when married. New Plan
(‘.o., new. 56, Ksnsu City. Mo.

USE OUR HANDSOIE CATALOG: got orders from
every home for Dr. mun famous home produrts.
Liberal pay. Dr. Blair Lsborstorles. Dept. 542. Lynch-

burl. Vs.
HELP WANTED
BE A DETECTIVE. 0DI>0rV.unlf.y for men and women
for secret investigation in your districl. “'riu C. 1'.
Ludwig. 521 Wesuivrr Bids. Kansas City, Mo.
DETEOTIVE8 NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel uxperienco unnecessary. Writs George B.
Wagner. former Govt. Detective. 1968 Broedwsy. N. Y.

IEN WANTED for Detective work. 11 to 55 years old.
Expﬁlence unnecessary. easily learned. Big Day. Earl
Wilma. 1401 Lafayette Ave, 5. IL. Dex... 2._Gra.ud

Rapids. Mich. --

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED

ITORIEI. POEIS. PLAYS. slc.. Ire wanted for Dubli-
cstlon. Submit M85. or write Literary Bureau. 515

Hannibal. Mo.
PERSONAL
ARE YOU LOIESOIEI Writs Betty Lee. Inc... Box
820 City Hall Station. New York City. Sump Ip-

precldled. .
GENTLEHEN. write burhel girl worth 822.000. ‘L.
Box 366. League. Denver, Colo.

HUNDREDS seeking msrrlsge. Ir sincere enclose sump.
Mrs. F. Willard. 2928 Broadway. Chicago. Illinois.
IF LOIIESOIE exchange Jolly letters with beautiful

Ildlu and Wealth! nnucmon. En Moon. Box 90!.
Jacksonville. Fls. (Sump).
INDIVIDUAL sweethearts’ club. It’: dliferen
stamp and see. Violet. Bay. Dennison. Ohio.

Send

HARRY-IARIIIAGE DIRECTORY with photos and
descriptions lru. Pay when married. The Exchange.

Devi. 5-I5. Iuusu C111. No.

lARIlY—-Write for big new directory with photoe and
descriptions Free. National Agency. Dept. A,

Kama: City. Mo. ‘

NOTICE-—$l30.0cu.00 goes with pretty girl wishing
'“|l'I’iI¢n. ll-Jul‘ B-I022, \\'Ichil.n. Kmau

PRETTY GlRLlE—\\‘e2mxy. but oh. so lonesome.
Claire. Box 55. Oxford. I-‘la.

PRETTY GIIIL wants s sweetheart. Wrlu, enclosing
envelope. Doris Dawn. South ﬁlclld. Ohio.

PRETTY GIRLIE—\\'enILhy. but oh. so loneanno.
Claire. Box 55, Oxford. Fla.
SWEETHEART9 rroopoudsneo Club.

Cu stamped on-

vclopo {or sealed proposal. Llllius Sprmll. Button

H. Cleveland. Ohio.

WEALTMY WIDOW with firm will marry. 3.. Box
866. League. Denver. Colo. .

WHOI SH JULD YOU IARRY1 We'll can you. Sand
30: and birth date to Character Studios, 1515 Ms-

mnlr Tempe, New York Clu.

WEALTHY BUSINESS IAN. 40. wsnu wife. 0..
Box 366, Denver. Colo.

WIDOVI with 310.000 and farm wants husband. I.
Box 866. Denver. Colo.

SONGWRITERS

LIKE THE LARK. BROADWAY G. EIPTY ARIS.
Songs you win like. 15c per com. Poems wsntqt.
Mszzrs Hurruony House. Wstertowu. Inn.

WRITE THE WORDS FOI A 80lO—We eulpoee music.

submit your poems In no at once. New York Melody
Cnnwwnzinn. 105 1?‘, Hana: BIdg.. New York.

LONESOUE? Make friends. you may meet. your sweet-
hesrL Mrs. From. 949 Montana St... Chicago.

LOVING younx lady. very wealthy. wants ‘ ‘ ‘
Ethel. Box 39. Oxford. Fla. ‘
LOOK WHOSE HEIIEI Princess OKIE world famous
horoscopes. Get your’: today. Don’: delsy. Send full
Mrlhrllte Ind 100. K. Okie, Box 280, lids. SQ. Su..
New York. N. Y.

POEI8 WANTED——S¢Il yvur loll:-verses for task Bub-
mlt Mas. at once or write New Era Music Co., 14
SL Louis. Md.

TOBACCO HABIT «

TOBACCO or sun! Habit cured or no pay. 31.00 H
cured. Remedy sail on trisL superb: Co.. rc..

I OLD IOXE WAREZ) 8
d for hundreds or old

be VERY valuable. 10 cos. for I
TRATED COXN VALUE BOOK. kc.
Posted. We

ooi

pay CA1. _
CLARKE COIN C0., Ave 13. I-alloy. N. I.

full'l8o$ICI'o§s. _
h ngo Diamond

 

New pod
Ry. A world beater.
Shoot: 1 S

 

Re 11' $22.50 vibe,
speclsi at $6.13. Shoots
Andy standard automatic cart-
rl go.

ON Dip
IJVIIV. plus postage.

     

'4

_P_lIAIWI’l'HIUﬂ-.IOlL HF.NI.3I‘|I3LI.Y.'

    

  

.._'. "

'.
‘fj-

Electricity Needs You
i WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

Stop right here. This is YOUR opportunity! Electricity is calling you, and the Electrical
Business is in for a tremendous increase. But it needs more trained men—u.t big pay. By

liq Home Study',Course in Practical Electricity I can train you for these positions.

Earn $70 to $200 a Week

Y ve had a liking for Electricity and a hankering to do electrical lobe.
ﬁ is the e to develo that talent; there's big money in It Even if you
‘t know anythln at about Electricit you can quickly gi-as it by my

upto-date, practi method of teaching. ou will ﬁnd it intense y interest-
‘ men in the

 call%liild§er;?t;l;E.wgov§a?£?nt%§l>?gsii€f:i:.es‘?sel;llnd§E)d€l (éAN ALSO
Be a. Bi’; Paid
ELECTRICAL EXPERT

What are you doing to prepare yourself for a real success? At the rate you are
goin where will you be in ten years from now? Have you the s ialized train-
ing tlliat will put you on the road to success? Have you ambition enough to
prepare for success, and get it?‘ _ . _
You have the ambition and I will give you the training, so t busy. I am
oﬁering u success and all that goes with it. Will you e it? I'll make

u an ECTRICAL EXPERT. I will train you as you should be trained.

will ‘vs you the beneﬁt of in advice and 20_ ears of engineering experience
and be p you in every way to e biggest, possi 19 success.

Valuable Book Free .1.“ °§;°°,‘§;

Become an Electrical Expert," has started man a
inanon the waytofoi-tune. Iwillsen a
copy, free and prepaid, to every person answer-
V ing this advertisement.

Good intentions never

Act  get you anywhere.

It is action alone, that counts. NOW IS
THE TIME TO ACT.

L. L. cooxs. chm angina-
CHICAGO
ENGINEERING

 
    
  
 
 
  
      
 
 
  
   
   
    
   

GIIKF ENGINEER
COOKB

Clslago 
Dopt.2M1,Ill4LawloncoAv.
C!-IICKGO, ILL

Dear  3;: may send ins‘
°-m-..,.:. ’*':‘“'“°=°&."i'*i.:.-;="é“‘“°.;.»«~
your y line

b ' .

muI:-no.3eeuolnuennipofﬁaaiuosa-Oat-pansan

....... _.. -- _ .. . WORKS
_ use LAWRENCE AVENUE
@ ...—a.................._....-..chso  Dept. 204. Chicago. us. A.

 

FREE!

BIG
ELECTRICAL
OUTFIT

A line outﬁt of Electrical
Tools, Instruments. Materi-
als. etc.. absolutely FREE to
eve student. Iwillalso send
you REE and fully prepaid
—Proof Lessons to show you
how easily you aim learn
Electricity and enter this
splendid profession _by my
neV. revised and originalsyr
tem 0! Training by Mail.

RADIO?
COURSE
FREE

Earn Money
While Learning

I ﬁve you mething you can
use now. arly in my Home
Study Course I show you
how to begin money
in Electricity an olp you
get started. honed to wait
until the whole oourseis oom-
glfted. of students

vs madepcversl times the
09st of their source in spare
him work while

   

‘  u.

 v-w,

; THE HUM- _ , spu-o or Full Tlme
MING_BIRD»s II\'lletcl:)l(ll!I(§§l'lJg the famous Artex French Pearl

r,» SHEEN l No Investment or Experience Necessary

r. run d . . .

. u - R 11)’ easy with our new selling ld9:l—-

iyou take the order after showing sample and
%<:.l1li¢;r.;)t youdr coiiinnlssxtlorlx immediately. We
. - 3 ‘ ' r an co (‘Ct m nm:e—only 1:2 sales
The, bnlhant.‘-13”." RWBS )_'0_\l $71? D8!’ Week~also ﬂnn sparn
metallic fl1ilSt1‘_€-UNI?’ D!i0Dos1t1r¢l7nFt§)rladies or men. Send for
1' u imgpur lcu am an ml’. Sam le l .t * . ‘
am: beau I AR'1‘E.\' s.u.1-zs C([)))II‘ll-:i'r\' .1 owe 
1
l
l

 

 

 CAPTURING MONEY ‘FOR you ' .
I
i

descent colors of , "33 B:oMw"_ 5,." York V Y

the ‘ hummingl
4..

bird's 1: h roat,j
‘W

‘ ' long the despair;
. .of artists, have!‘
been captured at;
- last and trans-;
ferred to canvas;
Frank Bond,f
chief clerk in the
Land Office in;
.Washington, is!
the man who has;
accomplished this?
.- feat. His £rocess{ .
« ‘is patente ‘.
His invention"
,,mWs tlgd 3; Come On,
TOCCSS Yep DC"
mg in pligtuzes S C 0 1.1 t S!
e natura us re .. ‘,0.’ kn -‘ ,
§’§a5f;°,§“0€fbi§§§ Let ’s Hear You Play gmifalea, B1ack:.eads.'Acne'1~:rupuona:
°7 °th°" objecls’ “Dig down in the old kit and pull out your E1?) a°:};°1'3b°d" Bub-er. Itch'.Ec'em"
3° that such pm" Hohner. We're going to stage a contest Mg ore!-llhatgdda Olly orrgszhgmy sun‘
v “"95 71°‘: (“ﬂy and see ‘who's who’ when it comes to music  xv‘ °""“¥“:""'.§;1"'~" ¢¢“?'?o‘¢'r"
‘ will be faithful‘ Every fellow that can whistle a tune hasa' ‘l°00¢-h-nit:-n°d "”°..L'.."..'.‘..';'.".2§:.“;‘f. uuu.u..."’°"'
repmductions ofi chance in this exhibition. We're going to E‘s'¢'V""°a.: II‘--“ °'W-“G
“.9 naturgl ctil" start I harmonica band and we want to know ' _
°§'“185 9 e5 who's going to ludit. Tune up and let’: P  a
It $1.135: 1%-1slér:1§°  hear what you've got in the way of harmony." y

' ’"'§ll.p'§$.Zgei;J The World's Best Ca“ 3° .5‘°PP°=‘ in 24 "0""

given severoli . . . . If )'ol_I suﬁer from l‘.\'or-rhea. gore and
exh1b1-' Th°"°,3 n°‘h1n8 hke K°°d music In camp or “D0035 K"!!!-*4. loose teeth or other month,

1813;?” of his; onthetrail;andthere's nothinglikeai!-Iohner “"'“"li0!Is. I Want to send _.vou my siuwlo
_ _ for good music home treatment under plain \\‘rupper, 1:
ma mugs and ' st0p.~4 l'y1n;rrl|ea (in ltsf worst form, ‘am; 1,.
= . (‘urn ' .- ; , r ' .

attracted the‘ Get a Hohner Harmonica today and play f1lll('lIllL.. .\‘il‘i‘la[‘)‘l?‘nst?\n\l lxllllge lg:-”;.:3-ll:-‘rgausclllo

3‘ te “ t ‘ ° “ °f‘ it tonight. Soc up at all dealers. Ask for the <1«'|.\' TM‘ trial 011'” of my svvret hour» trou-

 

l Above ﬁsullnhoatnn stonthidAmerican
a ':.'....'°"'*..-:.*~.:.:-.-.*..‘*.'.'.-:.'

7

GWISUIEISGO. BM. Fzmllliltlahll-I!-I

Fl 2 b1 lo bu

Golorj nnI:!°:lzeI. sctorylllw R1331’ prioal.
FREE dallveﬁy, gxp;-3” prep.“ on 3°
Day: l'roo‘I' ahchuh ores: poynunu.

lunvu. wheel: on equipment
if.’ at half nnnl prices. Bond no

 :tfy§1:¢h&y for M

11- Indnnvobuoluu. 7. :v --
uncxesanau ﬁ' .

    

  
  

  
  
   
 
 

I

 

   

many artists. Hell. I I 1- B k_ If d - nu-ut. Avhlress Kin-.: l.lllHbl":‘(0l‘ll*.\|. ~
V‘ V. 1.33 painted sevgg °"::pi*;:,r::vcﬁ ignmoa °hne,;’¢;lI.;c"eB1:‘:; :s1;ut ~.~_-1 <:u_z.-»;;..,. :::.-...'II;;..,..?_. p',;_,._ Mm
teen ‘ C165 0 [ - ' out oloneopo
 3” ’pe New York City.    In suuﬂl.

 
 
 
 
 

Sn people and olioete miles uuy just like

American hum-
ywuneloemue oonunl Sunu

ming birds and

           
    
    
 

      
   
   
 

c 1 the most dgmcult l.'.:.°.:.°'.:.:.".‘:.*:'.£:.':.=..*.'r'-9' *:r'"*' _
« tracts to picture. 1 :".;",'-‘."_"..:. , '_"“°' '
A the throat and! l ‘.'..:.“.‘_.fl".‘§.'n2.""' tr-lab:
certain areas of 5fu'..'l:.n" -"-'r.:";'."r:"'-q‘-‘g-__"'¢."u§'1".".4.

   

, the crown, were
— brought out in all
t h e I 1- natural
beauty.

ARMONIAS

9-an-.
FERRY ICU. B0 himlii UCJ4

Efaan AIRSHIP

   

    
 
  

 
     
   
  

     
  

   
 

' Broad! k-_ f .
b‘: they psrloeeiss l “I §"1‘:?’ :_.."'l‘:’.'."'-$'f......‘m"""¢""7"
it based on _the ; ~ 
 ‘ V l 1‘ lckly reduce an i  mm‘  “""' ““:'E'l» '
 _ 0 qu S-ndudu 12 ‘ ual av
ﬁg transpaf- _ <  overatock of Dfllld IOU. l 
. - hen duty'l'ox.u8|x-$hOot- \
eat maternal laid ,,,_",,§,¢"m.w_.m, l __818I:F&u. I-u.u5¢ Amrnetussacaucm
Q the canvas ~ n_;d’:u--¢¢h;_g_ig;;'-5‘¥|gi'; I TOBIKCO. LIQUOR and MORPHINE
' ’l"d gﬁuward .  ‘ﬁ',‘““"§?“£'3“”“,ln,_':,,'W“l,*, l gintllléle °é'l’u.“6‘nfx§E'°3'3°c3i.'3 l’hl:l;lAdI.:f , _
* an . l T1033. ,1-luuor remedy can be given acres. ; ;.
......"'*' ...'.°..‘.:.'="* -ﬁ"°"' * l "' ""'.3‘£.*'.‘.:"c.¥.’;°;'.-. t ‘ A i -‘
‘l'uluhIIq“.__lII-114:. It -309*-1-_  _.nm. u, 

.

       

  

 A Youn
Woﬂ .
all Wo by Pluck; or. The Boys Who Ran 9. Railroad. '

 

I-‘AME mud noammz _WEl-ZKLY

-— LA'rn:s'r' "Issues ——

929 Matt the Mechanic’; or, The Boy Who Made His Pile.
930 Among the ice Peaks; or, The Voyage That Made the

Honey. .

931 The Little Castaways; or, The Fortune That a
Wreck Brought.

932Taking Big Chances: or. The Boy Who Saved a

own.

.433 Always Lucky: or. Winning on His Merits.

934 Out for a Corner; or. A Smart Chicago Boy.

985 The Winnln Trick; or, How a Boy Made His Mark.

9N The Young ditor: or. Running a Country News-

paper.

937 A Big Stroke; or. The Lad Who Made a Record.
938111 the Copper Fields; or. The Mine That Made
- the Money. V ‘

5139 F!'o'I:oa Cent to Fortune; or. A Chicago Boy's Great

on.
940 A Start in Life: or, A Poor Boy's Rise to Fame.
941). Wide-Awake Boy: or. Born With a Winning

Streak.
94?.Capturing the Money: or. How Ben Bailey Made
H rk

is his .
943 Digging for Gold; or, The Luck of a Boy Miner.
944 A Boy with Grit: or, Earning an Honest Living.
5965 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.
'M€Pame Before the Footlights; or, The Boy Who
Boss:-ti the Theatre.
94'! Lucky Let the Oﬂice Boy; or. The Nervlest Lad in
New York. . . —

, 948 sure to Get Rich; or. A Smart Young Messenger.
M0 Pushing it Throuch: or. The '1-"ate of a Lucky Day.
i'50,A Born Speculator; or, The Young Sphinx of Wall
' Street.

96} The Way to Success: or. The Bny Who Got There.

’ 952 Struck Oil; or. The Boy Who Made a Million.
#53 A Golden Risk; or, The‘ Young Miners of Della

Cru . .
‘J54 A Snr-elWinner; or, The Boy Who Went Out With a
« Circus.

For sale by all newsdealera. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price, 71-. per copy. in money or pos-
tlle It|.nIpI- \

‘um FoLLowI.\'Gp~'t:.\r3n:its PRICE 3 cnxrs
W15 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
5956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. The Boy Treasure Hunters

of Cocos island.
, U51 Adrift On the World; 01-, Working His Way to For-
 . e '

an .
958 Playing to Win; or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall street
2-59 Tatters; or. n Bo From the Slums. _
Monte risto; or, The Richest Boy in the

:62 " Beating the Brokers; or, The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done.

:18 A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

304 ‘Never Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy

, Valley.  , - ,
:10! Bgtas ott  or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
' .".Ir-"

nu Tbereiethance or bite; or, The Young Pilot 0!’
= . Crytal Lake.
V» on Strﬁving for Fortune; or, From Bell-Boy to Millions;

a re. _
. nos Out for Business- or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
4-.59 a lhvnrlte of Fortune; or, Striking it n cb.in Wall

 Street. _/ o
:30 Through Thick and Thin; or. The Adventures of a
. smart  . »
E71 Doing His vel Beat: or. Working His Way Up.

» * . runny K. wonrr. Publisher. lne..
newest sad emu . Hep York city

 

 €‘V(l){‘l¥'ET¥HE!M

. . Price as 06». for can i
This book contains all the most recent thin!!!
"in the method of-construction andrlubmilllon oi
(actuation. sixty Leuona covering over phone of
.. writing. In aaie by-all New ealeu and

- c Inn:
no. !ty‘:oanI:;t.p1:cure&mv!.I;:d In
In "W ' "...n’;.‘ found.‘

an
”' °"" at--2 ..-.-we r-w‘

     
  

 

  

 

NR‘

 

Jconundrums. etc., of Terrence Muldoon,

.3! A. Anderson. . ,  . ~
W TO DO CHEMICAL TIIOKI»-CID!"

our TEN-‘CENT HAND BOOKS

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

 

No. 37. HOW To KEEP li0lZsE.——1t contains informa-
tion tor everybody, boys, girls, men and Women; it will
teach you how to make almost everything around the
house, such as parlor ornamenls. brackets, cements.
Aeolian harps, and id’:-d lime for catching./birds.

No. 38. HOW To BECOME Y0l'R 0\\'.\' DOCVTOB.-—
A wonderful book, containing useful and practical in-
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and all-
ments common to every family. Almunding in useful
and effective recipes for general complaints. -

No. 40. HOW‘ 'l‘0 MAKE AND SET 'i‘R.-\P8.—lnclud-

lug hints on how to catch moles, weasels. Offer. Pita.’

squirrels and hirds. Also how to cure skins. Copiouaiy
illustrated.
No. 41. THE BOYS 01-‘ NEW YORK END llE.\"S

JOKE BO0K.—~(‘ontniuim.' a great variety of the latest
jokes used by the ml-.-t famous end men. No amateur
minstrel is complete uithout this wonderful little book.

No. 42. THE BOYS OF .\'E\\' YORK STEM?
SPEAK!-ZR.—(‘ontaiulng a varied assortment oi‘ stump
speeches. Negro, Dutch and Irish. Also end men’:
Jgltes. Just the thing for home amusement and amateur
s ows.

No. 45. THE BOYS OF NEW’ YORK MINSTREL
GUIDE AND JOKE B00l(.—.<omethlng new and very
instructive. Every boy should obtain thl~' houk. aasit
contains full instruc,-tions for organizing amateur min-
strel troupes.

No. 52. HOW TO. PLAY CARl)§.——Giving the rule!
and full directions for playing Euchre. Crihimgt‘. Casino.
Forty-Five, itounce, Pedro Sancho,_ Draw Poker, Auc-
tion} Pitch, All I-‘ours, and many other popular games of
car 8.

No. 53. HOW’ TO VVRITE LETTERS. A wonderful
little book, telling you how to write it» you; sweetheart.
your father. mother, sister, brother. employer; and, in
tact, even_vImd,v and an_\hody you Wisll to write to,

No. 54. HOW’ TO KEEP AND .\lA.\'A(iE PETS.-—
Givinz complete information as to the manner and
method or railslnn‘. keeping. taming. breeding. and man-
aging all kinds of pets; nlsn giving full instructions for
making cages, etc. fully explained by twt-nty~cixht
illustrations.

No. I55. now To COLLECT STAMPS AND COINS-—
Contniulng valuable information regarding the collect-
ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Handaomciy
illustrated.

No. 57. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
~—_-I-"nil dlrections_bo\v to make a Banjo, Violin, Zithcr.
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments; together with a brief description of nearlyerery
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times.
Protuscly illustrated. By Algernon S.
twenty years bandmaster of the Royal Bengal ‘Marines.

No. 58. HOW TO BECOME A DETEC'l‘IVl.—By Old
King Brady. the world-known detective. In which he lays
down some valuable and sensible -rules for beginners.
and also relates some adventures and experience of
well-known detectives. -

No. 60. HOW TO «BECOME A PHOTOGRAPHER.-

Containlng useful information regarding the Cohen ‘A

and how to work it: also how to make Phot

Magic Lantern slides and other Transparencies. Hand- 

sogieiyuillustrated.
0. .
Containing mu directions for makin electri l Int-
chines. inductions coils. dynamos. and fnany neat t
to he worked by electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. Pal
illustrated. - ,-.«

No. 05. .\llYLno0N's JOKEs.——-The most original Joke
book ever published, and it is hrluiful of wit an‘
humor.‘ it contains a large collection of songs‘. 30

humorist. nnd practical joker of the day.
No. 01 now ‘lo no ELECTRICAL ‘l'R!Oll.—con—

taining a large collection of instructive 

amusing electrical tricks. together with ills

at in ' h dred )1 hi ling
mi.‘ ei'iei‘J."wi’t'i'.‘“cn".':i.:¢a:.. "3,’ &"'inam'o‘i.‘i
aom’ely illustrated.

dance on recent otprica. 
in money’ or I1ilD)I..._D!

       

mo. V

Fitzgerald. (or V i

now ro nuurn nnno-rurcat. ruoinxu. 

the treat 

for sale by all newadeaierl. or will be sent to  ‘
a ,

I

 

 

    
   

    