 

.r'r -> V 1'l'l()')"' . =\Hnn, ;'. rut»: \:,‘ _,‘_ )

a T L   W   %_L__PtjI'C¢,Five Cents.

 

 

.;»74;,___ '5'
. 4.; .- ,
--—,--....

 

"There has becn murder here,” said Nick Carter. as am flash of hi: electric Iémp showed him that his scares.
had been rewarded and revealed the body of Flora Mason.

 

   K1 [1 cc: ngmeiiﬂymrt

 

?‘ In-ued Weeily. By Sub:crr'ﬁ!l'a1I 3250 per year. Entered as Second Clan Matter at Ike IV. Y. Rut Oﬁce, by STREET & SIXTH. 238 Wx71fan: St. N. Y.

EKLV E 

it».

Entered according to Act of (.'ang're:: in the year load. in the Oﬁce cflke Libranml of Congress. W’a:/n‘n;rtan. D. C

 No.404.

HE TRAIL IJF

 

-NEW YORK, September 24, 1904.

OR,

 ‘The,N/lysterious Crimes of Prospect Park. %  

 

Price Fm Cerits.

THE VAMPIRE

 

, .. 5

 

  

wad by CHICKERING CARTER. ' 

 
     
   
  
 

CHAPTER I.
A WXOST. uvsrlmoos ASSAULT.
E _, e  in Prospeet Park, in Brooklyn}, were
 .1 their foptsteps homeward. The sun had gone
the dusk of evening itas gathering thickly
.. the sﬁriadi1tg.branches of the trees. The hot-

   

; was drawing to a close. A
 hour past,’ groups of A women and
girls,  yomh of an sorts and con-
hadybeeti  gates on their

bi the park.  its thé§r"he;!1;throng3ed:.into it

 
 
   
  

  
  

p'f’gi_;ye Jtine which the oldest inhahitant of the"

, to leaveéthe park, one of the girls, F1or5~Ma E

  

were still discussing the games of the day, and that

stood about, twirling their tennis racquets, their ‘golf .

clubs or their mallets in their hands as they talltéii.‘
One of these late groups was composed of four peré

   
     

sons-—one youth and three young women-aapproxié
mately of the same age, seventeen or eighteen :31 A A‘
01¢ ’ ‘ % 

As they approached the gate by which thegriiate ‘

     
     
   
  
      
     

name, paused suddenly and exclaiined to  V

“Goodness! I left my tennis racquetthgek there
the grass where we were ‘sitting after the   W’
for  I   E  E = [IV E" E‘ 

   

    

1-

     
   
    
   
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
     
  

‘was out of sight in a moment, while the others
iafopped idly upon a bench beside the path to await
 eturn. .

 continued their‘ bantering talk while they
 and it was not until 3 quarter of an hour had
Ah 7. that it occurred to one of them that their com-
 was gone a long‘ time after the racqdet.

“Ii}n’uit time that Flora was back ?” she asked, ad-
 in particular, but the group collec-

( onght easilyto go and return inside of ten min-
 tiie yoeug man. “The way «he gets
 zhnostaonihilatés time, you know.’’,
V  sud meet‘he‘t'; It is getting dark under the
said Dora Delmar, rising; and she did as Flora
 done in the first place, that is she darted
before objection could be made, and disappeared
 ohadovvsof the trees. N
 ewho"wer‘e, left behind, Agnes Glenn and
_Bliss‘, watched’ her retreating figure. in silence;
  another ten minutes had elépsed,
rernarketiggnervoiislyz ’ 5 V i

_.do you can be keeping’ them, Mor-
    the  “Funny,
swcxhsdl hatter   she’

  lap same-
. court" ;  [-
atartedf’   # arms an-eczaqn‘

1s_..(

   
 

   

 

L 99.

~A upontbelevelsod.

   

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Something has happened to them, Morgan,” said
Agnes, timidly.

“Nonsense,” he replied. “What could happen to
them here, in the park? They have met somebody and
have stopped to talk it over. They have simply forgot-
ten all about the fact that we are waiting for them.”

Reaasured by the conﬁdent tone he used, Agn
gained new heart. ‘

“Let us go ahead, then, and ﬁnd them,” she said; i
and so they started on again. 4

The shadows were deepening with every moment,
and already it was quite dark under the trees, so
they hurried their footsteps until they wet: almost in
a run, and after a few moments, arrived, panting 

i almost breathless, at the tennis court.

   

It was deserted.  , i
There was not a. sign of a human being anywheiie
about, and to their repeated calls of "Flora l” and
“Dora 1" they received no answer. i i
’ “They have played a joke on us and have gone
around another way,’i, said Morgan, somewhat roughly; ;
for he did not relish that kind of a joke. , 4; ‘
“No,” reinonstrated Agnes. “It is not :; all like
either one of them to do that, and you know it as well
as I do, Morg'anBliss. Something has happened to
them! Something dreadful! I feel it! Aleknow iti'.’ip»
“Bosh'l'.’ said Morgan. L -l , ‘ T A , 1
“Something has happened to them,” insisted 
“Look! What is mm" , l ,   '

.»..,4

  

‘ ?

she painted with her ﬁnger toward 
of the‘ court ‘where aﬂbelmd shred; or ‘daylight was
ﬂccted from a windosvor 1 spire in tlmneigll

         
        

e'I'h¢n,'as she pointed, she’

  

darted "  

   
   

  
   

I

   
   

  

   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
      
    

 

(S

 

Of course, it is,” replied Agnes.

 she did not even come back here at all, for it,”
ntinued, lamely. ‘ ’

No; not Dora, either.”

 could they have gone 2" n
It isipiain” that neither of them came here,” said
    she was tumirig away when Mason caught

’   asked. abruptly: . ,

“Didn't Flora have a red rose in her hair ?"
etotoooqosneoid. She picked it upon thepath and
a about it, Why?”

  

weavers on our my to the gate?”

j i inly she did, She found it after we were al-
 toythcrshts-  .
 eutne/buck here, See. Yonder is
 hethair. I know it is the same
"i  I  her tie thatcknkot in the

      
       
  
 
       
 
       
 
   
 
      
   
 
    
    

 

  

e

 

poontod’   Q" A towsrdaspot on the grass not far

}t;gnog.nao« discovered the raequet, and then
’  aridaecltred it.

 :“,1thI'_Ia  on.”

,,

 _   frightened,__m1d the stood

    

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 3 i

 ‘

raioumy.co.¢'nmstguot:u1daage.anaeien

   

 

r

 

return to the gate. We will doubtless ﬁnd them there
waiting for us.”

Then together they called each name, one after the
other, with all the strength of their lungs; but°with all
their calling, and, although they continued it for some
time, they received no responses

 

“They have returned toward the gate. Weyymust‘ 7i ~
have missed them,” said Morgan, presently, for in spite '" y
of his resolutions to the ‘contrary, a. sort of nervousﬂf
dread was getting its hold upon him also. “It is
muchitoo dark now for us to see anything here, any-
how. Come. We will go to the gate.”

He seized his ypornpanion -reassuringly by her 
and they started back together, making all the speed:
they could without running.

   

In this way they passed from the tennis courts intdf
and upon theipathway; and then, as they had done be?’ it
fore in order to make a short cut across a loop in 
path, they turned across a thickly wooded slope;

 
  
 

The distance across this part of their journey  -
about the length of a city block, and they had accent,-’
plished about half the distance, when suddenly, as
from every side of them at once, a dozen dark fomﬁ
leaped upon them.   , 3 i

Agnes no-eamod when she felt herself 
she wt. conscious only out she was lifted £zom‘,igge
feet,  that 3110 was being home way through 

tr0a$,wheItshelosteonaciousrnII~thatiI.sbefainted_

  
 
  

  
   

Butliorgan

attu was not made oi,the‘st11fi which i

  
  

 
  

 while at  *§m¢.311

 

   
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

 taller than himself, but they seemed lithe and
active, and as agile as flies. V i
 it all, their: assailants were silent.

V Noytga, sound save those made by the struggle itself,
 of their feet upon the turf, Agnes’ scream
  own lusty shqlts——-no other sounds than these
 silence of the woods, except that once! he
_  or fancied he heard, a ‘sharp hiss like the warning
 serpent; and thtn there was a crash at the
  n his head, as ailleovy blow descended upon it.
 hgiorgan  his senses a moment later, a
' 7 guard was standing over him, and he could see
 two more were at the same instant ~lifting Agnes
"iitche ground. " ~ ‘
 getaway?” he gasped, as he attempted

ijgwho getaway? Did what get away?”V.de-
 .“You ‘got smrediat the dark, that
wasithe matter with you. There wasn't a sign.
 kind you and the young lady ‘are in
 fterjhours. V “It's an old trick, and a goof! one,‘
  park without going to the eodoo

 ~  work but once for ‘Yolfdi

:2‘ V ' W“ V I‘ iv:  
_ no trick,”  Mason‘, ‘exci « ly.

     
 W3“ °‘~i",‘.:"—eﬁ“.'i"""‘t’ .4.

 
 

 
 
  
  

  aaoooo t ‘
V has happened?”
 Iauzh¢d‘3i_¢“.l1’-:.izl 

A ' _ “Disappeared; eh?’ and the
 ‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

from the park by the guards who would not listen to

_ their story, and they had no recourse but to obey, in the

hope that theiretwo friends, for whose safety they now
feared the worst, were already at their respective homes.

i “Don’t say a word about what has happened until 1
I ﬁnd out if the girls are safe,” said Morgan, as he
parted from her. i g V '
; .“But suppose they are not at home, ‘what will you do
then?” asked Agnes. I

“I know exactly what I’ll do," replied Morgan. “I
know Nick Carter. In fact, I am one of the few boys
in town who do know him. I will get him and we will.
go after the girls. Don’t say a word now until you
hear from me.” ;

With thatwthey parted, and Morgan hurried directly
to the home of Flora Mason‘ where he rang the bell 
asked for her with- the air of one who econﬁch.-_nt1y"ex~
pected thatshe was at home; but theservant who :re.- 
plied-"to his summons informed hirn that she had, not
returned,from the ‘park and had doubtless gone 
with one of her girl friends. ; ‘ _ ” 5

From there he hastened to the home of  l3elrrlar,*;

fwherei he a§k'ed'the same question and received ‘approxié

’ , ' nlatcly the same answer; and then--——- - .

. He huh-ied to Nick‘ Cartq"s house in  
"we'll, Morgan,” said Nick Carter, greeting lilo‘:
cordially, “how are you? You look troubled. 

  
     
   
 

l'!‘F1ora Mason and Dora» Delrnarhave disappeared,’ L
replied ‘Morgan, shortly. “I thought .peri'laps" 1y
would help me to ﬁnd~them.” " . i e

    
   
 
     

 e

     

  

' Agnes Glenn and I were assaulted in the park, soon-
.~ after the others disappeared.”
“Tell me all about it,” ordered the detective; and then
‘ the young man recited, almost word for word, all that
. has already been told here.
i The detective did not interrupt him once. He pre-
, ferred always to get a story exactly as it happened to

the person who related it; and when Morgan had ﬁn- ‘

ished his tale, he looked at his watch.
“This looks rather serious, Morgan,” he said then.
“I think we had better look into it at once, and the
first thing to do is to inform the parents of the girls
of the situation. You did wrong in not telling them
at once.”
X “I thought it best to come to you first, sir,” replied
Morgan “The truth is, I expect that I was more ex-
cited and alarmed than I realized. Do you think that
they have been murdered?”
“I think that something has happened to them.
' Come. We will go to their parents.” _
' "At the homes of the two girls, nothing had been
heard of non’ No alarm had been felt concerning
  for the reason that each family supposed the miss-
ing girl to be at the-house of the other one, for the
 were churns and had long been in the habit. of

 the evenings together in one house or the
other, after a day in the park.

 
   
   

 

  women to let him undertake the search
‘  his own "way, but lie ﬁnally convinced them

 
  
  
   
      

 best  here until I make an in-
‘ ~ he said. *1 ‘will call each of you no
't:!epl1;onewithinanhourandinformyouof
       

    

  the

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 

F
D

nearest police station, and from there to arrange for

such assistance as he might need, from the different ‘

parts of the city; and one of the things which he di-
rected done without delay, was to have every exit of
the park under surveillance, and to permit no person,
no matter who or what, to enter or leave it without per-
mission. °

The regular park policemen were also instructed,
through their captain, to turn out their entire reserve
and to place themselves under the immediate direction
of the detective. ’

Thus, by the time that the detective, accompanied
by Morgan Bliss, arrived at the entrance gate near
which the four young people had paused when Flora .
remembered her lost racquet and started to return for
it, there was not a police station throughout the city
of Greater New York which had not received an ac-
count of the affair, together with a full description of
the missing young ladies.

“Here is where we stopped when Flora said that she '~
had forgotten her racquet,” said Morgan, coming to .
a halt when they reached the spot.

“VVell, what happened then?” asked Nick.

“Nothing, only that she started back at once. She 
does everything like a shot out of a gun, and before I
had a chance to offer to return for her, she was a hun-
dred feet up the path. I don’t think she heard me at‘ jg
all.” I

“Did you call to her at all it"-

“No; she asked us to wait,-and we sat down on that, .
bench and wait ."

"How long did you wait ?"

“I don’t know exactly, of course. I‘ should think 
must have been ﬁfteen or twenty minutes before 

began to wonder why she did um retum.”
“And then?" '
“Then Dora Delmar started after; her.-”
. T f«Ho.,  did you wait after that ?'

.v5~

  

    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
 

 ten or ﬁfteen minutes.”

 We will go around thispplace if you

b  the park guards had aecornpanied the'de-
re and Morgan from the entrance, and Nick. now

 said, “You will have nothing? to do save
 that no person whatever steps at foot on the
 ghese two pathways until I have a chance
  daylight; and see thst you keep off of it
i  :gx-hound israther soft here, and it should
 to tell, it there is a story here." »
 theplace where the strugglehad taken
 _  into the path; and after

’ ‘  said ,Ns¢i‘c,i _tlielead and show
i you   tennis racquet

 
 

 this for a spam;-1 distanee theycame out-

, you can hey). Now, stand where you are, all of you.»
"-!_whileI doalittle 1,0°k.i!18 around. Itistoo hadthat

L might hope to ascertain deﬁnitely who has 

   {which apparatus aﬁorded  ,

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

It was only a short distance across the courts to the
desired point, and they soon reached it.

“Now," said Nick Carter, “stand back while I go
forward. I will have to use my light in order to dis-
cowfer anything. Point, as nearly as you can, to the
spot where you left the racquet and the rose.”

“Right over there,” said Morgan, pointing with his
ﬁnger; and the detective stepped swiftly forward, press-

ing the button of his pocket searchlight as he did so.

The racquet and the rose were lying side by side upon
the grass, where Morgan had dropped them, and with-
out touching either of them, the detective searched with
the _point of his light every thong of the tightly laced
racquet, and every petal and leaf of the rose.

Presently he turned the racquet over on the grass and
searched the opposite side of it, and then he raised it in
his hand and deposited it under his coat.

“Morgan,” he asked, “had you, or, in fact, any of
your party, cut a ﬁnger or a hand so that it bled, during
the afternoon?’

“No, sir.”' ,

‘YAre you sure ?"

4

“Iain positive that 1 did not; and I am sure that is 

one of the girls had done so, I would have known '—

about it/’l
"And you did not hear of anything? of the kind?”
“No, sir.” ' ‘

 

“Very well. ' Take this racquet and keep it under 1‘ 

your coat. I5on’t handle it with your hands more than 5 '

thisisegranoourt. 'Ifitwereonlyhnre_gmuntII~'

He had turnedsway by this" time and was
¢'a[rci:‘ang we  manner.

ptedforthat ‘ 

 

     
    
   
    

  
      

  
 
   
  
     
   
 
    
    
  

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 

 lines up and down the court, until’ he had in “Yes,” replied the detective, “it is awful.” T
}k  way ooweredtheentire width of it;then he changed Suddenly Morgan raised his face from his hands ._
about ‘and searched it east and west after the same where he had hidden it. If
‘iaehioo, until he had covered the entire length of the “And Dora“Delmarl Where is she? Is she there,_ 
 ‘so that there was' not a square inch of the sur- also? Has she also been murdered? Did you ﬁnd 
 of that court which he did not cover with his light her body, also?" 7‘ jg
 search with his eyes “No, Morgan. It is not so bad as that, I hope.‘ 
 . 501353183 11¢ 8¢°0P€d W“  -'~¢¢m°d *0 We“ the There have been several persons here-—half a dozen or 
 Hades of grass jvith his fingers. and once he more, I should say—-but who and what they were or 
 £01‘ 31038’ timévi Wit °f 8T333’Whi°h had 370*“! are I cannot tell you, only that they were barefooted." 
 *‘“"“";3‘my than ‘h°‘° "°“"d it’ °' which had “Barefooted! Is that whfthey made no noise when 
I 'f°’  raw“ "eghcfed by ‘he mb‘"°"' they rushed upon Agnes and me, back there in the
 when he l}ad"oompleted that network ‘search woods?»  ‘
y  length and width of_ the tennis court, be com- «Prob/ab‘y_..
 '3.   mind the edses 0‘ it» gout where is Dora?”
“*3  tin! 5“ ‘iirclet which  1”?" ‘mi “I think they have carried her away.”
   héproceegded» until hii comvaniws M14 M , “But if they killed Flora, would they not kill Dore;
  of his light in the distance. algoen .
en‘,.qui€e‘stuides£iy, he returned to them.
he sead,lqur'e_tiy, “th_ere has been murder

 oi Fiore.yMaeoh lies yonder. she is y
  I‘ * 2 _ . ; _ . “I wish that one of you would return to the station 3

as sogn as you can and inform your captain of what 
have discovered. You will have to telephone for A
..  at  The others may remain here; Mob
gen, if you wish to see the'body of your friend, 
with me.” V  I

_He led the way ‘across the tennis court and 
over a.  into a little zlade where the trees grew A
thicklyiwﬂﬁherg and than,  the rays of hi;
I I tight amotigthejteoging foliage, he  I
  hélorextt, "but do not go im-ward“or- 
  to hermit I !;m nmtm

 

 
 
 
   

   
 
    
 

  

     
     
     
 
   
      
 
  
        

‘ “V\’ho can saty, Morgan?” replied Nick;
3He turned to the remaining ofﬁcers then, and 

   
  

  
  

  

 iNiEWi NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

     
     
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

 feet were crossed so that the toes came the city. ‘kit is our sad duty now to prepare the parents

4 l,» and her clothing was in perfect order. of this poor girl for the shock of our discovery.” l
  indeed, save for the awful pallor which “Was she murdered ?” asked Morgan.

 revealed, to have fallen asleep"there, for her "Yes; she was murdered.” '

it were composed, and the eyes were closed, as if “ “How; and by whom ?”

 had pressed down the lids after the breath “How? That is a. difficult question to answer, Mor-
 body. A chain of imitation pearls, gan, unless one chooses to go by mere appearances

L» V alone, in which case one would say that‘ she was killed‘
 and 8 jeweled chatelaine watch, of by a. sharp instrument which piercedher throat, and-—
 bw, my mud, mega, was 551; tick- but that is enough for the present. But by whom? 
. ~1yigg,_;,,$,the,;b5Idic,,_ high-, which gbwed That *1; another question entirely. In broad language l
V ,1  of the deteetive’s electric light, I should answer, by a band of ﬁends.”‘ < A

M  in any way, and  lips were jzarted M “The same who attacked me?”

wgm migngg whgn d¢aitVhioVvertaoklh‘er,_ ﬁ “Yes; thesame who attacked ‘you and Agnes Glenn.

  worn about her neck, V still glistenecl

your assailants heard them approaching.”
Ly "Heavenl forbid!” exclaimed Morgan. '
' Heaven should forbid the enactment of such a deedas
slat} but it has happened” ﬂ l i e

“And Do you think that she has as with

 A %  T V» the  $635.: ' .
the was study— "I greatly fear, Morgan, that slie lies."

lwa;;ty;:g,r;tnersnn~‘ “oh,oocrr*.f   , V i “     > t . 
T i t J V  » g "I ssaréhnwiien tlieparkis searched, as-bociywm" L 
' here  he  the sarne condition this one is in. —I~:- ‘ 

t

    

? iti'£inl¢i—tha’_t' will be the same. I have 
% to scgciyinyteif autof that belief. but I  A‘ "
 of  could perform 

      
  

   

one '”tcl1etali‘e[ stain, there was no for Dﬂubtlws. my boy; both you and Agnes would have 
 so  as present investigation had met the fate which came to this poor girl, had not your  
_ her throat  the jaw-—— cries attracted theattention of the iguard, and had L 

“Ah, Heaven forbid, indeed! It would seen‘; as if r V

  

their directions; then I will talk to you as we return to
the city-” n

, ' Later, when he had told the ofﬁcers what he wished
I ~ ; done, and had given directions for the search for the

body of Dora'Delmar, which he believed would be dis-
V covered somewhere inside the park, and after they had

passed into the lighted streets of the city, he said:
 “Now, Morgan, I wish to ask you something about
‘I? that attack upon you and Agnes. What was the ﬁrst
 that you received of it?”
I “I received no warning at all. We had no idea that

 
  

v we were in any danger until the creatures leaped out
° is upon us.”
I “Why do you use the word creatures?”
“Because no other word seems to apply.”
e ‘Why not?’ i ‘
i J ' "They came upon us so silently.”
"Did they make no noise?”

ii‘ I “Nzotia sound, unless there was a slight pattering,
i A, such as a lot of barefooted boys might make on the
 soft earth.” . '

  creatures, as you call them, were barefooted,
fl  Now, tell,me, was it so dark that you could

I

 
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  

know that by the way they'fell about me when
struck  of them, did you r’
  the? them?"  

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

9

that it flashed through my mind that we wereaattacked
by a band of boy robbers, younger than myself.”
“When you struck them——when your hands touched
them, what ‘sort of clothing did you feel with that
sense of touch? Do you remember?”
“I am afraid that I do not.”

‘They did wear some kind of clothing, did they not?

You would remember if your hand had come in contact
with naked skin, would you not ?”

“Sure I would.”

“Or if your hands had touched hair, you would
recall the fact

"Oh, yes; I am sure I would.”

“And you are positive that you did not touch either
naked skin, or hair ?”

“Yes; I think I am.”

“Did they utter no exclamations? No words?”

“Not an exclamation. Not a word .did I hear.”

“Nothing at all but a sound like the pattering of‘
feet?”

“Once, _just before I was knocked senseless, the air‘
around me seemed to be ﬁlled with a hissing sound, as .,'q
if a den of serpents had broken loose there.” »

“You did not tell me that before.”

“Because I was not sure of it. The sound of the‘ 

..
i

hissing seems more like a dream; the blow came so“:
quickly after it.”

  

   

“And you have no idea how many there were ?"
“No; save that I thought there were a lot of them.” 
“And is that all you know about it, Morgan?” '”
“Yes; everything.”

"‘Now, tell me,lhave you ever heard of any otltet-‘Ly

 

  

person meeting with an adventure at all like yours, irit-,.,,
this park?’ Q J 
,.“Only once, and that was last week. One of igniy 

. 3‘

 
   

friends was in the park withka young lady, 

  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
 
    
   
  
 
   
   
 
  

i mid you like to stop there.”

an detective.  

yv   CHAPTER IV.
 HOLLOW NEEDLE AND we wotmn.
/   hadiretired, butupon being told that
 Certer wished to see him, he lost no time
,, ‘  himself‘ in the parlor, where his father was
i   endeavoring to  the detective
tie   Oéicet could have
V V yylﬁsemtattliathoutofthenighgt
1 if  yte;;1aixg,i Mr. Moran. while! question your
on Vwill,"i  the detective. "I wish  to
' id. Now, Edward, .Morgm Bliss has
etoryahotstaxiattackﬁtatyvasmede
ﬁe M W “W6

it?’ 

weedoofiitf’  V  V _
e *4  we it-W-”
  in wt"

the

 when  were attacked in the saine manner.
 that was the story he told to us, but nobody unless it is absolutely necessary.”
ed him, and we made such fun of him that he

 Ifiia rather late, but I think we will stop,”

ago. .1 wish youtaoy

"  fwha: ea

 

NEG? NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“A young lady. I would rather not tell her name,
“Very well. You need not tell it for the present.

“It was dark in there; yes, sit.”

“Did youttee who it was who attacked you ?"

“No, sir. The first that I knew about it we were
both grabbed from behind. It seemed to me as if there
were a dozen on me all at one_e.”

“Were they men or boys ?” ~

“I don't know, sir.  might have been either-—
or neither.” i

“But they must have been one or the other, don't
you think so?” ‘

ii “I don’t know, sir. They did' not seem to me to be
exactly like human beings.” l‘ e '
‘-‘Why not ?" L
‘‘They were so still and so silent.” , L _i   
“Didn't they say anything?"/  y i
“Not a word or a sound of any kind except  I;
heard a hissing, like 3, lot of snakes.” L V  .
“When did you hear that?” V) i 
'”When I yelled‘ for l1elp,and~we head the guerd

)

threshing toward us.” V

, ?'Didn’t you get even a glimpse of the persons whey

‘attacked you?”

“Not on_ie.”~ .. A _ y _ i
“Why? Was it too dark: in there to  anythit:g?if" 4
“Not exactly that, ‘sir, although that was one 
sm._,,_ _ - T _ e M   
i “What were other re'yasei:s?"ii 1  5 V
“Well, for one thing, they came upon 
 t The first I  seemed to bejtwd 
of‘  my   
    

vv  

 

 
  
     
  

   
 

 
    
    
 
 
  

    

  

 NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

“No; some kind of a coarse cloth, like burlap, I
think.” '

“What happened then?"

“Nothing happened then.except that I fought and
struggled with all. my might.
was with me screamed, and I yelled for help. Then,

The young lady who

while we were still struggling, we heard the guard
coming, and then I got a wallop on the head which sort
of laid me out, although it didn"i hurt much, and I
was getting on my feet again when the guard arrived.”
“And by that time the men who had attacked you
were gone, I suppose?” _'
"There wasn’t a sign of them anywhere. They went
. as they came, without a sound.”
 , “Have you any idea where they came from?”
 1.  unless they dropped from the trees.” I U
,, f‘Humph 2" said the detective. “It is quite within the
 of possibility that they did that very thing.”
 W “Yes, sir. I thinlt‘so:' ,
I ’ “Did you tell the guard about them?”
 “Ya; but they only laughed at me.”
 _  would not believe what you said, eh ?”
 *;“Np; they seeined to. think it was a put-up job.”
I ’V1’j7.‘;,Didith;e\ young lady see any more than you did ?"
f'.'Not its much, according to-her say. I don't think
"__saw anything at all."
“When you were ﬁghting them oﬁ, didiyou hit any
,'ih_enyithyodthands?'*~
think so. .1 hope so. Icertainly tried. to do so.”
'   any impression you received from
"   when youlﬁhands came in Contact
“sir.    received any impression of
 think.  you notnthat if there had been
  example, if they

   
   
 
   
 
   
  
  
 

érif

  
 
 

II

“Sure thing.”
“And now have you told rrle everything you know
about the circumstance?”

“Yes, sir; everything.”

“Have you been inside the park after nightfall since _

that time?”

“No, sir. There is plenty of room outside for me,
after dark.”

“Now, what is your impression of the matter? Do
you think you were attacked by boys?”

“Yes, sir, that is what.I really think. They weren’t
big enough and strong enough for men, and there must
have been half a dozen of them, at least.”

“I see.”

“Half a dozen men could have handled me without
all that fuss, and, another thing, if a man had hit me
that whack on the head which laid me out, it would
I don’t think I ‘would
have been coming to when the coppers arrived if that

had been the case.”

have done the work for fair.

..

“Well reasoned. Now will you answer a question or ,

two about the young lady?”

“If I can, sir.”

“Was she attacked in the same manner that‘you

were?”
“Almost.”
“How was it different in her case ?”

“We1l, they did not hit her on the head for one I
thing, although they did seize her {tom behind the 7

same as they did me.”
“What else?” i

“She was so frightened that she supposed she had 1
fainted, until afterward she remembered that the cloth 
they pressed over her ,face had a strange odor which

half strangled her. She thought afterward that it
,might have  that which produced inserlsibility.”
. “She did become insensible, then?” -‘

“Yes; but shereuoveredaimost as soon aspl did.»‘?_

‘,1 t

I‘

W

 
 
  
  

     
     
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
     
      
    
    
     
 
  
    
   

Now, what else? For I see by your manner that
e is something else.”

l‘Yes,l sir, there is. She asked me to say nothing
yﬁaut it, but I do not see that it can do any harm to tell

7!

 the contrary, it may do a great deal of 

“Yes; whether they intended to hurt her-or it was
T Ian aactident, I cannot say, but it is a fact that she
gwounded so that she bled quite freely for some
after it.” _g ' V
 was she wounded, and where?”
 Morgan thrust his lingers in his vest pocket
drew forth a strange-looking implement which he
ihito the outstretched hand of the detective.
"‘I‘hatisv;hat wounded her,” he said. “It was stick-
is  right side of neck, under her ear; about
.3 «half or three incha down from the at, I
A . say. ‘you will notice that there is a little bulb
‘ I  of it, just behind the sharp point.
apparently hanging by that. There was quite a
n‘ "'eufhe,nIpulIed itout.” -
 ‘_ iohishoedahd examined
'   andva 1-talfinches, thiength, and
  ivasabotxt the eirwmferenceof an
N  there, ,however,' it tapered
‘V, V  ﬁnally, atthe ext:-e_inity,.it we. as
  in fact, as Nick presently
MW  ~ - A
   ‘oi an inch in length.

. ,

  

Arne I have not thought about them”

7‘ g ‘It was themorning of, the, third day after: the

NEW NICK CARTER WEElKLY.

“I would like to keep this for the present, Edward,” *
he said. “You have no objections, I suppose?”

“Certainly not, if it will be of any service to you.” i.

“Thank you. Now, hage you ever heard of any other ‘4
person being attacked in this manner?"

“No, sir.”

“Nor any rumors of the kind?”

“No, sir; not exactly."

“What do you til}.-an by not exactly?”

"Well, sir, out at the other end of the park there have ’
been two orpthree deaths among the children of the

poor people, that I have heard about. They have all
been reported as accidents, and until this occurred to

 

“Why should you think about them now?” _
“Because in each of those uses the children were
supposed to have fallen and hurt themselves so that they
bled to death, and I believe an explanation of each  ’
dent was discovered ready at hand in each case; but -
the fact that they were all wounded in the neck. and in
about the same spot on the neck where this young lady
friend of mine was hurt, has made me wonder if those
little men of the night might not have had something to ,
dowith it.” -  - - L -
“Hurnph i" said the detective. And then he added:
“That will do for the preseritflfdward, but I wish 4
you to keep entirely silent about this interview  »’
hear from me again.” ‘ I '
“Yes, sir. I will do that.”

‘ \
-uunuuu-j

' ‘ CHAPTER V.
e  1-an tsronr or ran came. 9
Nick Carter and his chief assistant, 
seated together in the  in , Nicli.-‘Carter’s", , , ‘I

  
   

cov¢ry.,’of_;thel murder oi,71«‘1oro,  

 x,~:.g.

 
 
 
    
     
  
 
  
 
  
   

   

_  of the first victim of the tragedy.

I  It had been discovered about midday of the day fol-
 dollble crime, and was, to all intents and
 in precisely the same condition, as well as
A i']There was the same peaceful smile on the lips, the
A . ids had  closed together with the same evi-
ﬁtrllltgcare, one arm was stretched along the side of the
K yiiwihilieftheaother arm was bent and with the palm

  I

  of Flora, ‘the body appeared to be sleep-
 , 11 dead, there was the same marble pallor,
  wound in the side of the throat
‘tee;  only a very little blood had

   the autopsy had shown tliat
weryietiittle was» left in the body, and the
‘  disappearance‘ was the most puzzling

‘  thestrange deaths of the three
. t it  } whohad been supposed by
 “died; the result of

 
 

   

tut   ii: tileprivate cm
  held the morningf paper
law? ‘ i

 

   
 

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.
found not a quarter of a mile away from the

M connection whatever with the old case of Dazaar, but‘

lady itié t l‘

l «Tutsi»-tpatedyeuenlybemtseshehtdletdned ‘
 I . ' - ‘ ‘ip ‘lit

' A

13

And this time, as in the other cases, the victim was
a young girl. , ‘

The horror of it all had convulsed the neighborhood
of the park. People dreaded to permit their children 
to.play there any more, and the entire neighborhood
was horriﬁed by the terror of the inexplicable mystery.

Nick Carter had not been idle during this time. He ‘
had worked steadily and tirelessly on the case, but as, T
yet with little result which would have appealed to the ,
ou'dinal-y9§nderstanding. i _

Just what he,had accomplished nobody, save him- it ,_4
self, and his assistant, knew; and much of this he had
not yet told to Chick.

Now, however, he had reached the point where he 
wished to discuss it with his favorite, and the report 
in thepaper, which he had just read aloud, had acceler- 
ated that desire. 

“Now, Chick,” he said, “let us go over the ground.
carefully. (Something has got to be done, and that at 
once. I haven't the least idea that this case has any y I

 

     
     
  

yet I ﬁnd a stfggestian leading to the solution ofthisi
one, in that ease. Do you remember when you were
captured and taleeiito the house in the Adirotsdaclgs’,
and what happened to you there?” i

“Well, rather.” > V

“Doyou rern’ernber that we decided at the time th
Dazaar herself wasta sort of human vampire, and til
you were spared  because she had grown 

    
       
        
 
   

  
    

,“"Yes;l say it, if it will help to end“ this horror.” l e ~

  
 

qp

 
      
 

“Ya”

 ] .  

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

 “You mean, then, that you will admit that there are
"things in the world which you do not believe simply
‘for the reason that you have not personally known
about them, but that, nevertheless, there is a possibility
of their being true?”

. f‘Yes; that is the idea.”

 ‘.‘Very well. With that start, I will proceed. When
fwexit to the park the other night with young Morgan
t_:Bliss, I did not examine the ground in the wood where
 {had been attacked, preferring to leave thh until day-
 I did, however, return there as soon as it was
 I made a thorough exarnination."

‘"1’ supposed, of course, that you had done so.”
-".'I‘nI'tghef naked eye theregwas not a trace on the
  tohc discovered, save here and there a slight
 of a heavy substance. But the ground is
Ivgejfrierally trodden upon, and is much too hard to
V  ‘impression of anything."

pi    glass, did you not. _
 i;_,_:it  tell  much  than I had dis-
, by during night on the tennis courts, but it did
A everything I found there. I found, for ex»
" tfharetooted  had been thete,ta,nd with
 I manageélto traceigout a pretty clear

 
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 

. why not all of them?”

' , "And etiu, all this tells me notiiing Iihatiiit,
V , Now let usgo tothe tennisicourt, although!  *
V to the place in the hlter.” r W
Va “An right." i E = *-

, eétutt that ttightft douttd tliatjt t-eqeii-ed  i p

Y    to V‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

the earth, and I found others where the tips of toes had ‘i
left their marks.” I

“The toe nails?”

“The nails and the tips of the toes as well. They’:
wei'e all small, Chick. They would have made a good
average with the impression of the entire foot which I
have just described.”

“Then it follows that they are all small?”

“Yes; and the idea tallies with the meager descrip-
tions we have from Bliss and Moran.”

“Well?” .

“They have described their ‘assailants as boys, or
small men who had, or seemed to have, very little mus-
cular strength. Now, Morgan said that he 
that his assailants droppedii-om the trees upon him.
Chick, I have found that he was correct in that sup-'
position; or, at least, I have established the fact that
some of them were in the trees, and if some of 
’ out
“That is all right, too.”_ V ~‘  ‘d 5“

“Moran mentioned burlap as the substancewhich 
probably thrown over his head; now, I‘ have 
 "long and narrow -strips of burlap in 
places in the parlf, and, without exception, the}
home, here and there, spots of blood on them.”

"Indeed!" said chitit.‘  A ‘ 

  
    

‘mgr ,.-. 5 ,

do not take me a step further in the 

 
 
   
   
     
 

. . «When I  ground around  fa:
to follow the iootstegdoi Flora Mason eiiaeo

  ‘ Oiiirwilf We
 

‘ “d«h?“=_

    
   
   
    
  
    
 
    
    
       

 ‘discovered it ?" V
, ' “When she started back after her racquet, she hurried
L" L ‘neatly to the spot where she had left it. She picked

  V had gone only a few paces when she encoun-
 ,  something which frightened her, and she dropped
 it, in fact, where it was found later

‘i V‘ » Glenn when she returned there with Morgan
fbﬁéa" - . ~ t
 know all this?”

had been down some time. Dew had be-

Asipepoiofythis, they place where. they all
  the grass before leaving was
 _’;  beside, that place, also plainly

 Flora.sa,t at the end of the group

‘wen-.,1jestm_g.. ,_ ‘

  

  she came for it, and

' ' NEW. NICK CARTER WEEKLY. X_ 

‘ for me to see.

. later; at least, that is the story which the footprints on

  her‘friends when she was i

it  '.Chiel: pondered. for a mornentover what the 
\’ ‘had inst told him’, ~ ~ < f 
7}. 7“‘I'suppose, Nick\,”l he said,presently, “it” is a waste
breath to ask you ifyou arepositive regarding tluit ‘
fstit 1 , '_  or  r 

bore her to the ground, where they smothered her cries, 
as they tried to smother the cries of Moran and 
companion. y 

“It is evident from the appearance of the grass at that ‘
point that she struggled ﬁercely for a moment-but

 

only for a moment; and I found that there were many '
imprints of bare feet around that spot, as if the whole

crew were upon and around her at the same time. If I

had left that part of the investigation till morning, 2
Chick, I would ma have found a thing, for the suns }_j
would have dried the dew on the grass, and it would 
have stretched back into place again, leaving nothing

“And now comes a mystery."
“What sort of a mystery ?” .
“Flora was frightened and turned to run. When

 
   
 
     
      
  
   
     
     
     
   

she was overtaken, she struggled and was overpoweréd:  
yet when that struggle was over, she rose calmly to her 
feet and permitted herself to be led unresistingly away_ 
to the place where her dead body was found three hoursf

the grass had to tell me. If that is not a mystery,

hat ' ?"
W 15 *

 cnnrvrza VI.
nu: ran: noun: variants?

  

  

 “I am   re. else I was   have
it."'7? t t ' » ~

   
 

  

  

, It had been drawn out of it. In short, she had lost
enough blood so that if it had been spilled _around the
spot where she was killed or where we discovered her
body, the grass and the ground around her as well as
her clothing would have been drenched with it. You
will admit that this is ‘true.”
 .‘‘Certainly.’’
. '. ‘’-And yet, as a rmtter of fact, there was not enough

of her blood_ siiilled there, or anywhere that we could
find, to have ﬁlled a gill measure.”

“True.”

“What became of that blood? What became of the
blood that was lost from the veins in the body of Dora
Delmar? What became of the blood of all of the vic-
‘ tims of these awful tragedies?”

,. “It can only be accounted for in the way. which you
 at the beginning of this talk,”‘ said Chick.

‘Wait, we haven-’t got so far as that yet. We must

5'} “Ft

something more than mere conjecture to go upon.

_T,he’word vainpire is a suggestion so hideous that—
 standpoint of’ civilization—it is not tenable.”
I. ‘"1  with you there; and yet——-——” .

  he did not do so, the detective remarked:

. ‘.‘You‘-would say that, from your own past experi-
ences in the case of the woman.whom we knew as
 youxare-rnore than half inclined to think that

,§:.«'c:vt~"‘ jjv}  V

  
   
  
   
  

. hm  n"y,~Niek.”
In   :'_',r4 . -

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 paused and Nick waited for him to continue; ..

  human vampires do exist ?” V I I
  is  was about to say; but I paused ,
. notjtruthiuiiy say it; Let us gt-tat iti --

‘ » - , that it may drink the blood; in other words, we mu" 1

17

life, including mankind, and that its method of attack
is to bury its fangs in the throat of its ,victim, and so
to suck the blood from the body of the person or animal
attacked. In fact, it is known that a sort of beast—bird,
or winged beast, does exist which is known by the name
of vampire, but I believe it has never been satisfactorily
proved that these creatures attack man.”

“And,” said Chick, “even if they do exist, even if
they do attack man, and even if the park where these
tragedies haveoccurred were overﬂowing with them,
they could not have left behind them footprints such
as a child might make, nor could they have accomplished
what we know they did.”

“Right, Chick; now you are getting at it.”

, “Nick?”

“Well?”

“Can you bring yourself to believe, even for the
sake of this investigation, that there is such a horrible
thing in existence asa human vampire?”

“Not literally.”

“That reply is paradoxical.”

“I mean it to be so.”

“Then you mean to say that you might be brought
to such a belief, ﬁguratively?”

“About that.”

.“And still I do not understand you.”

“Well, if we consider such a thing as a human vami
pire, we  perforce consider a creature _who is
hignan at least in appearance, who drinks the blood.

I I 0 O I
of its victims, and who destroys its victims in order)?»

  

consider. a human creature who ﬁnds its nourishme

- . .5?<'&: 
 a   . , in the blood of a living being.” -3;‘
‘* ' ’  -""i‘v“  E  in 8' ( . - . .~ I u u .""-‘i-5‘-ii":
_ referring to .‘dlCtl0l)3l'y,” replied Nick, Yes - 
ii}?  should reply  that a vampire is a sort ‘ “Then I do not believe that such creatures exist.”
5 .‘;;§  , x ,- , .

 
   
   
 

.._   inhabit  or rather uri-
maetetm.eettntties.,oi the w()rldTthat this huge

~    ah°*§***$%t,,f°'=h‘9frm'?n'i*‘:t,

 “If you did believe such a thing, that would be what
you would call literal belief ?"
V . uyesja’

  
 

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
    
    
    
   
 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY‘.

“Not at all," said Nick, speaking with great emphasis. investigate that very point on your own account anﬂdifi
:"In no place under investigation is there an indication without the aid of any suggestion from me at all."

that the murderers attempted a ruse of any sort. There Chick pondered: V i

is‘ no suggestion that theyat any time attempted to “An idea occurs to me,” he said, presently; but N: I

in ertheir tracks. In fact,i it is because they did not held up one hand in warning, and interrupted hi
 that I am a.ll_the more puzzl .” hastily:

”What do you,mean by that?" , “Don't express it to me,” he said. “I do not want
“Why, this: If these crimes had been committed even your ideas at the present time. Theohly way in
 person or persons of the kind with which we which we can hope to work out this case toia succwv
‘’  to deal in our careers, effort would have been ful solution, is on the lines I have stated. I want you

i  cover. up their tracks from the police, while to take under consideration each point that I,_ have 

‘people, whoever and whatever they are, have re ' you, and to work on it independently of me, so that 

solely upon their natural cunning and stealth as we can compare .notes. In that way. and in that 

’  habitspof moving swiftly and silently. In  can we hope to arrivc at 3, satisfactoﬁy conchipi
 Chick, they have acted throughout as if they did sion." . s ‘ ' ~

 that such a thing as justice exists, and as if “Very gbod," said Chick, A f >

'‘ .§li9¥ih3V° *0 593? is 50033 5011' 9f P9750“?! V5°1€n€¢- “And now we will continue,” said ,.

.'s
*4.

’  i_t“stillrno,¢'e plainly, they have acted as intelli- ‘.‘All right, sir.” it ‘ i M i .  
I   might have ‘done, rather than as “The wounds in the neck are, in each case, ;ne_;.m=c‘"

 

  believe that they/are wild animals. ii  I"¥es.” ‘V 9 5 ~  i
i  up i  I . ._ ’ 2 V V "And in each‘ case they are almost precisely ‘j
  possible for Hhuégnanity to [sink in samespot." I
. ..¢;:i£y’a?:1assed as wild. anidaal ” i V " i “Yes.”
T "ﬁi!!fi§:ued Chielc, “that  y L “ilnithe cases of‘ the children vfvhof  
. ' Edgar Poe’:  Vhave’died from the result of accidents  
‘_ caddie?’  , itcaiuetoolatetodeterminemuclthxtineach \
" ii‘!’here'are’ho  my in this}, {Earner  and"! have-no doubt also new as
'   this are  we call human i

    
  

 

      

  

   
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 

i  wiiatwould you describe as ﬁgurative belief ?”
t ~w.u, Chick, we have both knocked about in the
tiental countries enough to know that there are many

A in the western siope of the Himalaya Mountains
descends into the hot valleys at a certain time in
‘ year for the purpose of capturing venomous ser-
    extracting the poison from their fangs; and
  that they have a way of boiling this venom
t%i!rit11*‘ethery substances and then drinking it in order to
Le’ iatccnain tamer intoxication which they wor-
  ' Weiknow that there are stranglers in India: We
 liattthere dare dervishes in‘Africa--and we know

 where many of the customs are so savage and
 ‘ "ye thatno white man who has penetrated that see-
  toireturndandgteil us whxt he saw."
"' ’ yCh,itek,tﬁgui’éa:tsvciy speaking, 1 db not know
 ?not.he' 5  of beings hiddentaway v
in  world, who, if they were suddenly
thttenticnmord usem  ﬁnd
 'i  to sohtetlzan the which faces‘ uni ‘

E  areuitingtthepesitiont
 peuutyttbttcyccoao not helieveungit

       

E‘  a vast, untrodden empiijc in themieatc of t

     the yictimdies because of the_losa.of
A ‘biood is mereiy  incident. That instrument in 

, c tilt  t

"i?

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEJKLY.

CHAPTER} VII.
TI-IE DETECTIVES DECIDE ON DESPERATE cannons.
“Now, Chick,” continued the detective, “we will 
leave that part of the discussion for the present. I
wish to turn to another.” i
‘‘All right.” ,
“I have shown you the little instrument which young _
Edward Moran found where ithad been half thrust into
the neck of the young lady who was with  when:
they were attacked in the park--have Ilshown you that
instrument for nothing?” 1
“I don’t understand you.” V L
“How did that instrument come to be sticking into ,_
that g’ir1’s throat?” A ‘
V “.Why, it must have been put there by one oft
tures who attacked them.” L ’/ ‘
“Sure; but why?” '5 .
“For the purpose of making the same sort of a wound q
as those which have been found on the victims of t1_t& if
ﬁends.” i ‘ * 1

L “Exactly. But the point of the quehtion is: ;_i
that instrument used: as a murderous weipon?” V

j“Itwould seem so at least.”

“Well, I don’t think so.”

“You do not?',’

«ergo.» ‘ V

“What,doyouthink?"  :   _' 

 think that the death of a victim is the result at
what they do, and not the object of their attack, 
is the consequence and not the incentii/e to the  

“You make a distinction with very little

‘.‘I don’t think so; I think therejs a great deal ofdi
ference,  The‘ incentive for the attack is to  “

 

 
   
  
 
  

murderous wqgon.,.'.’

 

 Yb: '3-.';.

f7 “Well?”

V" “Look at the shape of it. We will begin at the
x, point.”

 “Well?”



“The point is as sharp asga needle; in fact, it is a
needle.”

«Yes»

“That needle is ho11ow——in a word, it is exactly like

‘- _a hypodermic needle, save for the bulb. Now, we fol-
low up the instrument from the point, and in the dis-
[5 tance of half an inch we come to the beginning of the
swelling which forms the bulb, which is shaped like
an acom with the point of the acorn toward the point
A of the needle.”
‘ “Well?”

“In other words, when we arrive at the top of the
acorn, the shape of the instrument suddenly draws in-
ward again so that we have the effect of a barb without
if its appearance. an also without its cruel points.”

at

 

E

“I see.” -
§ _v “Now, it is plain to me that the bulb was put there
 1 forth: same reason that a barb is put upon a spear—
.   to prevent it from being dislodged when once it
 is ﬂllmst into the ﬂ ”
_ i .‘_‘Ahl”
I "‘A,nd_ it was shaped as it is instead of like a regular
  in order to avoid unnecessary loss of blood."
 ' “A  motive, surelyl’,

'3  "No, a selﬁsh motive. 1 The loss of blood to the vic-
E  not thought of; but the loss of the use of that
it  the assailant was the father of the idea.”
 ~  a horrible idea, Nick 2"

  
   
 
    
   
   
  
  

there an an it it had not been for the bulb. Now
he proceed  examination of the instrument
A ‘L We ﬁnd thatafter-‘the shape has passed the

V  it is smaller for a considerable distance.
 grows larger until it becomes the
9f a  .. i» .
Z T A,  ncdle end of the instrument is

NEW NICK CARTER \\'EEKLY.

 
  
  

ll‘ 19
girls it has killed; but the hole in the upper end of it is
an eighth of an inch in diameter.

“Let us suppose that this instrument is jabbed into
the throat of a human being so that the needle point
pierces a vein, or an artery; what happens if the instru-
ment is left hanging there untouched?”

“Why, the victim would bleed to death.”

“Not at all. The victim would not bleed at all.”

“Why not, I should like to know?”

“Because the point, and the hole in the point, are
so small that the blood in the vein would rush past it
without entering it—unless there was some other agency
to draw it into the hollow of the instrument.” .

“Such an agent as suction, for instance?’

“Yes.”

“All this still tends toward the theory of vampires.”

“Certainly; only ﬁguratively, remember. But my
contention proves that death is not the object of at-
tack; it proves that blood—the drawing of blood for
some purpose at present unknown to us—is the object of
attack, and that death is merely a result of it.”

“It is murder just the same." ‘

“Certainly it is murder. Now, the presence of this
needle in the neck of the girl who was with Moran,
proves another thing—haste.”

“Well?”

“Don’t you see the point, Chick? This girl was in the
wood when she was attacked. Being in the wood and
more or less in the dark, those who made the attack
weresecure from observation, or at least con'sidered that
they were, and they lost no time in commencing their
operation for the drawing of the blood of their victim.
The anzesthetic which they employ-and it is plain that

.they do employ one which produces a partial insensibil—

it-y, although not a complete‘ onw-was already applied
through the thick cloth which “has been described as
burlap. which was thrown over the head of the victim.
Whoever it was who sprang upon her did not care to A“ i
lose time by waiting. and even before she had fall '
the ground. that instrument was jabbed into place.”

“What does all this prove?” 

“Wait. In the case of Flora Mason, she wasa ~ - ~. 1 
intheopeu Thesecreaturesdoubtlesueeinthedarlt .3.‘

‘ . r

 
    
 
    

    
   
  
   
 
    
    
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
    
    
  
 
   
   
 
   
  
  
  

 well as they do in the light, after the manner of owls,
oricats, and’ hence they -believed that others could see
3 them as well, although it was at the time almost dark
where the attack was made.””

“I follow you. Go on.”
‘ “Consequently this instrument was not used when
‘she was forced to the ground. They could not, or
would not, work at their hellish practices in the open,
 the victim in this case had to be dragged to the
wood before this instrument, or one like it, was used.”
' “And therefore only the anaesthetic was employed at
first; and as you say, it produces only partial uncon-
sciousness, so she was enabled to walk, with their as=
 to the place of execution.”
Exactly, Chick. Now you have the idea.”

“And ethatgiyiou consider, is the explanation of Flora’s

 3,."

£W’e_l.l,» Nick. what is the next move?”

"There is only one move which can be made with any
of/bringing us to'success," replied the detective
and what is that?”   I

 must oﬁer himself up as a prospective
ofthe vampires, for wocancall them byno
at preset: ”

Won mean" that sosndnody must go to that particular
  aiidwait there in the night-until
_.ethl?¢hl¢h in   of«tiot"only ﬁghting off his
  of capturingnat least one of them?”

‘  what I‘ mean, Qtiek.”

 if jlaxnsncerito  it." -
V.   of it. Chick.” ' _ “

      T

 
 
 
  

 . t  in_.that partictxlari

  

particular name is  necessary, as“?! has
attacks have been _
tween-new  he»; he was  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

._ “Just that.” -

“Think of the possible consequences, Chick.”

“I am not afraid of that. The only thing I fear is
that I will not be attacked.” ‘

Nick turned to the table with a smile and wrote some- a
thing on a piece of paper which he folded and handed to
his assistant.

“Put that ’in"your pocket,” he said, “and do not read
it until to-marrow.” I

“You knowsomething which you have not told me,"
said Chick. V, ,

“N 6; I only think I know something I have not told
you. It is pure guesswork, or I would tell you. And 
now in regard to your expedition for to—night. I have ’
only one suggestion to make concerning it, which is 5
that you wear a thick leather collar around that part of ’
your neck which the needle is likely to attack.”

"All right. I will do that. NOW tell me what you
are going to do yourself, for I know. that you are the
last man on earth. to send me on such a trip as this ‘one,
unless you intend yourself to assume a position of even
greater danger. What do you intend to do?”

Nick  smiled as he rose from his chair and 1
turned away, but when he reached the door he  i I
a moment and said: . J

“When you are in the park, I shall notibe far away;
only, you must not expect help from me. for I shall be
—where I shall be; see?”

—-2--:—.

CHAPTER VIII. A
A TRIBE OP BLOODSUCKERS. f‘ ‘ W
When the detective left the -house. an hour after=ftht
conversation with Chick, he carried a large 
satchel in his hand, and with this. he proceeded dir I I
to a Iecond—class hotel nut‘ the park where the.
tragedies l1'adtaken‘pl,ace.f 1 H, ’  ’ i
‘There be registered under an 

   
    

       

    
     

seem todo with the ‘incidents’ y

   

      

L

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

'  of the last reported victim——the one told about pardon, the corpse—maybe you will see something about

  morning papers.
5,; Ag  in the other cases, the victim was a young woman,
 _ this time not so young as the others. '
'  , Every circumstance connected with the discovery of
 the body and with the appearance of the corpse when
ii", ‘ foqgd tallied completely with the other crimes. There
‘  an essential point of diﬁference.
_ time the victim belonged to a different walk of
_ _  personally she had not been in any way at-
H '  to the eyeisaveiin the respect that she appeared
 been robust and in the full enjoyment of health.
  awful pallor was upon her skin. The same
' was in her throat. ‘The same stains were down
i , e of her neck, where the "blood had oozed out
A aﬁterthe instrument of death had been ‘withdrawn. The
 smile,was upon her countenance.
' .. least,” mused Nick, speaking to himself, and yet
  thewords aloud, “her death must have been
I  you think so?” asked a voice beside him; and
I  detective saw before him a man whom he
decided was a sailor, for the signs of the sea
upon every article of wearing apparel he
 _ the Scent of the salt water seemed to per-
i' ‘him. His skin was ,tanned almost
V_ and his countenance was rendered almost
by‘: myriadof scars. ‘ I .
‘ hhehad a kindly) face, and his eyes
  sort .of» humorwhich at

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
 

the ifétcctiw
~>  _here?"_ he

 

P

  

I   here yesterday. First

  

I slave, and when I read that this here business was such 

asked,  addressing

_ but I have seen a lot of themafter they had been killed.” I

.3110“! it?’ .

it that looks natural.”

“What do you mean?" asked Nick. “Did you sup-
pose the dead woman might be somebody whom you
had once known here? She is scarcely more than
twenty years old, and you have been away that long,
you say.” ' ‘

“Oh, nol I didn’t expect to recognize the corpse,
but I thought that maybe I might recognize the handi-
work of those who made the corpse.” 

“I think I will have to ask you to explain that re-
mark,” said Nick. “This is not a good place, nor a ripe
time for joking.”

“Joking? I never was more serious in my life, sir.
You see, ten years of the time I have been away from
this port was passed as a slave. I was cast away on
the coast of China and being captured by a lot of
hathen was taken somewhere into the interior. I don’t ‘
know where it was or how I gﬁt there, or for that rnat- _
ter, how I got away, except that I spent months in 
the mountains and forests after I escaped, before I ever
saw the sight of saltwater again. But there used to 
be things like this goingon, out there where I was a

a great mystery, I just said to myself that if I could 
drift out there intoxtheir country ‘where they did such ..
things, and if I could live there ten years and then live ,5
to return and telle about it, there was no reason why 
some of them chaps could not drift hem just as I drifted
there. .That’s a.ll.»” _, .
“Do you mean to tell ‘me that in your experience you s
have seen people slain in the -manner that this woman’
was killed 2" asked Nick. ‘ ’ "  1
“Well, I haven't exactly seen anybody killed likethat. 

 

       
    
   
     
 
   
   
 

“Where?” asked Nick. -

“In that place‘ I was just telling you about. It used .
to be a regularthiné  there.” « . .
p ‘fliow. a regular thine? 1 wish you would tell as

  

T"we11.zherewas a.tn_be‘oi some sort who
i1=rey.up¢9th¢veop1eI.waswhh.and:h:ydidun'
thatwar ¢i?3i18_i9rotu

    
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
   

 

ﬁnd two or three of their women at a time, and every
 of thenrwould be ﬁxed out just as this woman is.
':There would be the same peaceful smile, the same
Tdepagfy‘-palerms, the same wound in the throat, and-
iwell, it was just the same all around.”
""‘Who’were the people who did thewkilling?”
; “That’was..ghe strange part of it, mister; we never
 The people I was with used to call them devils.
 had a word to express their meaning which if it
 ,  translated would come prettyinear meaning
oodsuch it i_ ii er.” ' " :
.,{'Ah:_*' said Nick.
  swears?’ s
nevei: saw onegof them in my’ life, nor for that
ﬁnite: did anyyof  but there was a legend in the place
i 7  thatisornebtndy had-seen some of then; at
it  other, and they were descrihed‘as any
 é _ V atives of that cou.ntry would be, except thatthey
long hair, which they wore twisted into coils at the
' ,, their heads;  I think they were rather smaller
our own people." -i e

“Did you ever see any of those

 who murdered their wornen?’-’ __

 e \ them? _ Bless you, not They were
” of  ifit was isupposed that one of
   near, the whole tribe.woul_d iﬂy
‘V “ti and hide. ' '13 one of the bloodsucliers
 thatshsswmild walk past in broad

 
 

l  ifalleoionitheir fines and refused to

if

  ?’iitih‘i;s5ahosis shm ch,?’..'i

     

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. i

‘ were killed in the same manner, and that they,look‘_ 

Did: your= people, as you call them, never try to 
' about as'b}jg   asa lead pencil, and ittapered tori: 

 him, thomholecaboodle of . , V

,4 L pl": who were savage: could rnakesuch mstruffﬂ’ 

;- Well, ilreould getto.tallt i _ .
" - ’ is b’ - ‘ ‘ sings aknife in the same manner; then I knew."

L   «simple
  toboil

,.

mind, is that the bloodsuckers never killed men; 
always killed women; and I notice by this paper 
all of these murders have been women.” . . it '
“That is trip.” it ~. .
“Well, sir, that’s the size of it- I wish I could tell 
you rnore, but I cannot.” '. é 
“Wait,” said Nick. “Let rneask you a few questions} :

Maybe you can tell me something.”  
“All right. Go ahead.” _ ' ’ II

    
  
  
 

 31

“You say that the people who were killed over th

the same after ‘death 9" 1 _ 3
I “Just the same.” I V; ,

“Now, can you tell me how they were killed? I  
what sort of a weapon was used?" s ’

“Sure; now that I think of it; but you wouldn’t  i
ii‘I should tell you. 1 never saw anything like it 
any other plaeei’ »

“Descﬁae it,” said_Nick. :3?

“Well, itfwgas about tliat long ;” and he made asign 
with his  is which indicated about the length , s
which Nick had in his pocket. “It wig‘ ,

   
   

point; only  was a bulb just before you got to 
point.  was there to lfeep the‘ thing from 
out after it had been stuck in a victim‘: throat.” 
'*'What was the material of which itswas ‘

    
 

      
     
 
  

   
  

they were; Aunt-il'or'1e day I discovered the old 

 
   
  
 
 

 -',“.'H,<”i‘9,ff:JIéas:'iit?'?’ asked was. is ' .’-

  

— Pi.‘ ‘,

 ;   .“‘Th§Y liad.a_‘:ort of clay'fb}rh

 ﬁne, hm; when dry; almost 

    
 
   

  
  

      

theta?»

  

    
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
   
   
 

  the instrument from hispocket and passed
 i§“to_the sailor. ‘ g , '
M l ?” he asked; and the sailor started

:‘._“BI¢s5 um!’ he cried, “If  ain’t ‘(it 3 

V  is what they called ‘em--yek°Y=k.ss 1, I’d hate to
T 31,;  5f one of them in my throat.” ‘

‘ ” continued Nick, “was that instrument the only

 

«; d.,,,»t how, some said that may dosed their vic-
 with some kind of poison beforethey stuck the
3;); gm, them; but I don't know."’, ’ '’
,.“‘r1;i;  t is thesame as those which you
"i am country, is it?'’‘ . ’
e sir; just the same.” M
““xgg¢,,i£ you will tell me your name and where I
_ agéig, I have no doubt that I'shall have,‘
 yota,':said Niels. ' _
5  sir. I’m just plain Bill Jones‘; and I'm
, "  the Cameron Pride, now down at
, sStores in Brooklyn. We shall be there a mate»
two\voel:.s, and then we sail for  Town:
‘ ' ‘thst_I cando foryiou‘,yoncancov.ntoa“

L  Jones.” .

; swim taunt me ‘win you are. sir?”

i   I tip Nick Carter, ,9. detective.”

 Is that so? xShal:el ‘I've heard about

1  an 4° a"¥"*¥‘“¢ ‘°' Y9?‘  W8
  I‘-hope you'll let me

  
   
  

  
     
 

NEW NICK- CARTER w?

M: they used to kill their victims?” -

I'm proud  WW  in WE

t the end of this he adjusteda new palm‘ brush w '
9  V tained a pasty~looldng;§ubuance, and having dipped
’ A limb of Va ta-eeothat was within his reach.

 ipirlsintly short time every was on wrist}; an 

    

23

It will also be recalled that according to the direc-
tions given by the detective, the ‘two were not to be to-
gether; that Chick was to take his place in the wood
where Morgan Bliss and Agnes Glenn had so nearly
suffered at their hands, and where Edward Moran and
the young lady who accompanied him had so narrowly ‘
escaped becoming victims of another tragedy, and that
Nick had not designated what he intended to do, but
had given the impression that the tennis courts, where
Flora Mason was slain, was to be his ﬁghting ground. A i

It will be necessary, therefore, for the purposes of i
this tale, to follow the experiences of both detectives.

Nick we have [already seen go to a hotel near the
park and leave his handhag there, preparatory to cos-
tuming himself for his night adventure; therefore we
will return for a time to Chick, who performed quite a
necessary part in the events of that night. ’ 7

Chick adopted no disguise  like his chief l  ,
he also carried a bag. ’ all M  i 

He did not, however, deemdt “ _ for his pur—
poses to go to a hotel, but he managed so that he ar-
rived at the park entrance and entered it about half an
hour ‘before sundown V
b Having entered the park he made his way directly to
the little wood between the paths, where he intended “ 
to camp for the night. .  V

He had not a great amount of time in which to ac? 
complish all he wished to do, and he accordingly set to »
work at once. _ is ; i
‘A From the bag he took a bundle of stick: or handles,
which were made mtg the joints of a ﬁshing rod, tin
these he fastened together, thus manufacturing a. pole
which was something more than ten feet in length. To

5"-“ \ .
3» 1’

 
      
       
    

  
    
 
   
 
 
     
 

  

was four incheskin width. r
Next he unscrewed the top from a pot which -

  

brush into this, he pibcuded to”“ptint” with it 
He Worked rapidly and thoroughly, so that in gm;

5 , had l)eea;.eoated  

   
 

 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
   
    

That accomplished,’he disjointed his pole and re-
, placed it and the paste in the satchel, from which he
i  a second package; and this contained nothing
 less than common white Indian meal.
V ’ With this he began at the far endlof the space he
wished‘ to cover, and walking backward from there,
if sprinkled the ground so thoroughly with it that at
the end of a few moments there was not a space upon
tifch a dog might have trodden without leaving the
imprint of its foot. '
o  he took from the satchel a number of long,
 pliable ropes, each having a noose at the end;
 in sucha manner
thst there was nota space which one of the loops--
dthere were nine of them in all~—-did not surround,
 '   leading from each of the loops were
i  to the center of the entire space.
A   A ‘ground with a second coating
N  g _ is well, althoughfhe carednothing
 e lat er.  The first coat chad hem used merely
  the dampness so  seeonclcoat would
"   lasting impression;  _
,tl:eplacehe,arrange:1;afoldingcamp-
tied t_hezeuds of thenine ropes into

 
  
     
  

   
 
  

*7 located, without liming traces of

  , g andiwithout‘ making possible” to" follow
'7?“ ¢‘i$”m¢l'3$’W*”- ‘ ~

" himself ' for

live thingiooulcl approach’ the soot where‘

 ICK CARTER WEEKLY.

as soon as it is dark, or a little before that time, Ijni,11 ’-
not have long to wait,” he murmured to himself; but 
the same he composed himself with suﬁicient patience to A‘
remain on that spot and in that attitude throughout the
night, if necessary. "

An hour passed, and although he listened intently he
heard not a sound save the expected noises of the night?

,  after that he thought he detected the snag L’ 

’of,a twig over his head, and he was instantly‘  4
but as no other soﬁid like it occurred, he presently 
sumed his former attitude of. waiting.

Thus another hour passed, and he was beginning to
think that he was not to be disturbed, when he wasiso
startled that he leaped to his feet as if a pin had  g 2‘
thrust into his anatoiny, .. l g

A  v- of ‘piercing shrieks——not screams,{ ha;
shriekis-it-«so wild and strange and ' ‘so unexpected

(and gunknown in their cadence that they 
weird and unreal, came to him from a, seemingifdisa ,
taut port of the park, and he leaped to his feet, his   ,
thoughtheing that the little men of the night hadiinr 

, deed attacked somebody and that another horrilblezrnurgi-Vi  I

      

i derwasheing committed.  ti L
It seemed then as if the motion he madewas the  4

enal for an attack upon himself, foxthe felt on   ,
stant as if  were surrounded by unknown  i I
in a second he seemed tobc covered bytithem-i L l V;  ii ‘

They dropped. upon him from the trees. They "7
upon him apparently from all sides at   . i
seemed almost to rise frorn the ground. . I  a

He struck out with both hands; Heitried to
upon the strange creaturizs, ‘and sit the 
felt a  blow against" the side of his neck, 
leather collar.‘ - ' . ‘ g i 1 
. Although‘-ho Chick  been awaiting that

l  caineﬂss asurprise, and a full '
thug must‘ here elapsed before he 

ggltubttegiiezzda ggtm ii-open. ~ ,  g

” tiHc'trieq’-..:o§}redchalioti’the’:cream 

 

 
  
    
     
    
    

   

  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  

NEW NICK CA

He uttered an exclamation of joy, for he felt that at
‘one. ‘the loops had caught something.

~ by from every quarter around him arose a series
 - piercing shrieks, the same as those he had
. only 3 moment before from a distant part of the

lding fast to the rope with one hand he pulled his
 his pocket with the other, and just

, ﬂeeting instant that two of the loops had cap-
  and that he was drawing a pair of
_ little ﬁgures ‘toward him, something“~'agairI
 his back. ‘

pg  the lantern to the ground and put up

   
   
   
  
 

_ against his face, and smelled an  and
T  odor in hisfnostrils. ‘

*that instant’ his senses reeled. A rnillion
‘-5,, mg; or his eyes, and then——he reeled

,,_

    
 
  
 

  «He was, in faetgwaiting forilthe coming of thelittfe

RTER WEEKLY. 25

at last he was prepared to go_ out, the proprietor clapped
his hands in admiration

“’You’ll do,” he said. “I would take my hat off to
you anywhere, just as you stand."

When, a little later, Nick Carter entered the park and
took his way toward the tennis courts, any person meet-
ing him would not have doubted for an instant that he
was not what he appeared to be.

He also carried a bundle under his arms, and it ap;
peared to be very heavy, even for a man as powerful and '
strong as we know Nick Carter to be.

The sun was just sinking when he reached the tennis
grounds, and he at once undid the huge bundle and
emptied the contents on the ground.

One glance would have told any boy who is fond of

L sport what they were; two dozen of the ﬁnest and
strongest steel traps-—of the size that is known as fox
traps—that he could procure—and to each of the traps
was attached a coil of pliable, woven wire.

He selected a spot on the tennis grourxd not far
from where Flora Mason had been attacked and there
he opened the traps and set them, after which he at; M
ranged them at random around a certain space in the

grounds which he had reason to think the most avail- 

‘able.

0

‘.
\.

,_‘
~l

   

earth, andto this be fastened an end of each of 

‘ woven-wire’cor,ds. so that, in fact, each trap was really, ,1

fast to that stake. ~

 with aglarice at the gathering darkness, V’ {

 to paceslowly up and down among the trapsg:
-His chin was bowed, against hisbreast, and he 
_ tobe lost in rneditation.» r’ -' e l 

of thenight. 

(5 {

   

 

  

 or   _
  
 would have laélievédfpfthatr-e

' s

  

Next he drove a long iron stake deeply into the soft 3 in

  
   
      
   
    
      
    

   
  

  
   

 
     

*3

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
    

 4) the bushes upon the scene thought so too, for
zthey darted hither and thither, a full half dozen of
 Now they seemed to pause and whisper to-

jgethet, and again they held apart from each other,

dtement.
After a while, when the night grew darker, they be-
_i:ame bolder.
{Now and then one of them would dart out from
 hover of the bushes toward the detective, but a
flaming hiss, only just loud enough to rcachthe ears
oi the little creature, seemed in each case to convey an
Order, {or the thing would hesitate and then fall back
  among the shadows of the bushes
‘ This an hour posed.
And thus 3 second hour seemed almost to have gone
-when. as it’ by unanimous assent, they all slided
 toéether toward the spot where the pseudo
  lb was pacing up and down.
i Their little bare feet made no noise on the grass.
 one of the small beings uttered a sound. ,
’  strange, silklilte texture of their ciothiitg was to
 it an forth no warning or their appgmclt
 'i_Aad1Itill they zlidod onward, while still the detective
 up  "down, with his head bent forward, seeing
 and evidently making no effort to see any»
'_  they came tovhim. and then. 
my-itegin fairy tales, they leaped forward as it with one

‘  ten feet from ‘the dctcnive when
* _y _i  ﬁlmy had not made a sound

._attraotcd the attention of a cat,-and
i   melt Carter, -he time to
 {sued  and «openedhioiar-:m.wide,
'  Ethe  the usailsimr leaped directly
i e  oithe  folr

  
  

‘E  V to like it

 their small bodies seemed to quiver with ex-

   ‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

arm shot forward, and there was a revolver in the_gra§ipp.
of that hand.  ‘

But quick as Nick was, ere the revolver could be dis-. ”
charged he felt a sting in the back of that hand which
seemed to paralyze it.

The revolver dropped to the ground, useless. and the
hand dropped to his side, also useless for the moment;
and in the meantime, from around him he heard other
shrieks which continued, one after another in the most‘
weird, piercing and heartrending manner. ‘

But his hand was paralyzed only for a moment.

The sting he had received in it had impaired its use- A
fulness only for that one brief instant when the revolver
fell to the ground. ‘ f 

Still holding the two beings so tightly against  
that they were utterly helpless and indeed, as he  7‘
ently discovered, were unconscious, he stooped and ‘
seized again the weapon at his feet. I  

But there was nothing at which to fire.  

Save for the shrieks, which had now deg'ene1'ato$_,5
to moans, which were close beside him, and 
he knew-came from one or more of the traps, t  T
was not 1 thing in sight except the one dark ﬁgure .
one of the traps, and the two he held in his arms.  .  

He dropped the revolver again then, for he saw 
he would not need it, and then a glance at the creatu 
in his ‘arms toldlhim that they were senseless-—tl1at he 4:",
had crushed the breath. if not the life, out of that  t $5

Instantly he laid‘ them on the ground. '

 
  
 
   

    

that. with cord which he had brought with him,mii2,j
which he had tattencd around his waist--—-for it 
not be forgotten that he wasdressed like a woman  ﬂ
had no pockets--he hottncithe ankles and the wrisu
his captive: no securely that there was no danger.  ' V
they would escape. , l _  V

That accoinplislleti, he  his traps. ouly*
which hadfproved of Value. ' ' ' ‘ if , l ‘ 

But oh. oithtiii haci.ii'miii I capture, and in it}? “
iiietit he had the squealing‘ and  ﬁgure '
sfasp. hadxseased itttom the tmatsti it-it -
in the same‘ tiitotiiett i 

     
     
     
  
    
   

     
    
   
 

if .d before, and he knew almost all the languages of

_  ,g -
it  attempt at resistance. It made no
eﬂortlto ﬁght him. It did not even try to escape, but
‘gave itself up passively to the process of being bound
2 with the cords. y g V
; “What queer little imps of Satan they are!” ex-
fi   the detective, as he drew back and surveyed
‘”   ‘  9 «The little Yaks, of lower Thibet, as I sus-

  
     
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
    
 
 
  

"Héifound his lantern then, and pressgd the button,
,, 3‘ll'owing the sharp light it gave upon the creature with
‘  wounded’ foot, who was the only one of the three
v .4  who was conscious.
And the light seemed to give the creature more pain
 the bruise made by the trap.
uttered «a cry of anguish, more piercing than the
C, I ‘which had rended the air a moment since, and
’ t to hide its head from the terrible rays. ‘ I
Creatures of darkness,” muttered Nick; and then he
suddenly: “By Jove! I wonder if by any chance
‘: of the Cameron Pride, can understand their
'eed then that the other two of his captives
 with the thought that it would be
 to carry all three of his prisoners
I   securelyitogether, and then
_ V - vihfch hung their gee ‘ I
I {}ie,z‘z:ade presently. that the-yvmust
, ‘ ‘ ’ front or‘. hirnyand he wondered at-their -docility
" hgstgnegltoobeyhiinassoonashehad made
by what liejdesiied. . : .
I   the trapsiso that no unsuspect-
  them, and with a ‘revolver in
 thi:;‘cord which held. lﬁs captives in
A  away asone mifght have led so
_ »,‘,g'rovei‘where Chickiwas sta-

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 in  where I was a slave. Them ain't men,

 

27

the ground, he stopped, for he could see that Chick
was lying stretched upon the ground as if he were dead.

For just one fraction of an instant, Nick Carter was
terriﬁed at the thought that his best friend had been
killed by the Yaks; but even as the thought shot throtgh
him, Chick moved and then sat up, blinking at the
light, for he was facing it and looking straight into
it. ‘

“Chick,” said Nick again.

“Hello, Nick! That you?
there!”

Nick turned the light in the direction where Chick
pointed, and there, seated upon the ground, with eyes
wide open, but with one of Chick’s loops drawn taut
around its waist, was another of the creatures of the
night.

“Have I got ’em, Nick?” asked Chick, “or is thqe
really something there?” V

“There is something there all right. What knocked
you out, old chap?”

“Something which the little devils thrust under my
nose. I thought it was a blow on my head, but it was
the odor of the stuff I felt. Like ammonia, only worse.
Hello! you’ve got three of them, have you?”

“Yes; but there are others at liberty. What have
you got on the ground here?" ”

‘fCornmea1. We’l1 come back and study it later on.”

“No need,” said the detective. “I know a lot about
the devils, and what 1 don’t know, Bill Jones, of the
Cameron Pride, can tell me.”

g #A at « It It It at-

Boatswain Bill Jones was called out of his bunk that

night and bidden to police headquarters, and  in
the presence of the inspector, Nick Carter, Chick aiﬁl a

By thunder! Look

w - few interested policemen, hewas confronted with ,'N”i’el:V

Carter’ 3 captives -

“Did I ever see creatures like them before?” >_ .3, ,
peated Bill, after a question from the detective. “Ii 
course I have; but I never supposed that them li :7
Yaks were the bloodsuckers we so much feared off th « L

 
  
 
   

 
  

Carter: the1n’s women.”
. 1‘ l ,

   
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  

 “’l1\at’s wl1at‘I said. ‘Say, I know all about that
 business now} It’s as plain as the nose
on my face, and that ain’t out of sight, by any means."
A f‘Explain what you mean, then.”

“Well, it's this way. When a. Yak dies, if he’s mar-
ried. his widder l§_ banished to tile forest, where she
mast remain for ten years unless" she can redeem her-
by giving her dead husband another mate in the
happyihunting ground, or whatever they call it. Say,
 is not a pleasant story to tell, but it is the truth.
Shalkl tell it just as it is?” e
’ ':"'l'hate is’ what we are here to know.” ‘

y i “Well, in order» to retgrn to civilization, or their ex-
se_ for civilization, she has got to furnish’ her dead
 with another wife on the other side of Jordan

  imam. of warm" r l e

. 502'! Wilh the story, Bill,” said Nick. .
.‘:’It’s this way. The only way she can do that, ac-
'rfg to their belief, is to slay a female‘ animal of
A“ .  kind--it don't much matter what kind—-—aind draw
the.l>lood from it before it dies. They catch that blood

  
  
  
  

clothes are, and which will hold water; then they
., the  to a place in the woods where there is
¥kI!f>f¥£lﬁIlndth¢1‘etl1ey’huryit.”  l
‘5{igig_” it s . ‘V ~ . vx —
‘ i  a certain length of time,
  only that it is several days,
 L  spot where the blood is buried,
 T V ‘ my what you call ineantations over it.
.  .   blood is supposed
.  forj1r;tofo.}won1a‘n, and as it’s be-
at  widder of  who is al-

 
   
    

  
  
  

  
  

.  9°?  mt}cﬁ.:p»£h9t9-—or ‘down there-—-

    

ghcve beenrbumed at the,
 when they wewft

 
  

owiﬁz teithé Iwarse aﬁdthis.

   

NEW NICK CAR'I‘lZR WEEKLY. '  ,

{miners of bag which is made of the same kind or silk 

y«,i'e.’yi~to be called on to accept a

ilsitoryiexccptthat two or.

 or a the hyear; and-there V v

 

“Well, talk to them. Letus hear what they have
say about it.” ‘ ‘ V

Bill Jones turned to the Yaks
them.

At ﬁrst they seemed greatly astounded to hear their
own languagespoken, but presently they all began at
once what appeared to be an explanation to him; and
after half an hour of this byplay, Bill turned again
to the detective. _

“They say that about ﬁfty of them, as near as #1 can
make out, were brought over here to this country by a.
Lama, whom they call Dazaar, about six months ago,
and that Dazuar taught them that they would go to .
glory without any trouble if only they would kill white  5

girls and drink. their blood.” L

The listeners shudderedi , ,

“But," continued Bill, “they assert that they never 
could learn to do that, and although for the want of’ ., ”
beingigable to ﬁnd animals to kill and so get female,
bloodftio bury and roast, they had had to resort to kill-k
ing_women and girls in order to be freed from their;
curse, they have not meant to do any harm."  _

“Good Heaven! Can such creatures exist? Where or
are the remainder of the fifty ?” ‘ . ow '

. “They have all got away and gone back, or are ’
dead, except the few who were in thepark.” s at V

“And how many were there there?” _ ,

“About a dozen, as near as I can make out. i Th _ 
say that they will go out there with me 
bring all the others in, and I guess thatis about "
best. that can be done with them. I suppose prison
' life is about the best that can happen to thentanylio

‘ an _,a ‘* do us» an at ’ an

, “Nick," said Chick, the next morning, “I have
remembered to read that scrap oi‘ paper you gay
before we went into the park. It says: ‘Youywilll
beattacked.’ Now, why did,you,think that ?"

“Because I had ‘already made up my mind that t
would only attack a wonmu It seemethat I 
taken, howeﬁr.” . i s , 

,“No, you were right. They attacked me. to be _.
‘but mean uiiﬁoiedheovhréillﬂwat I was net 3 
they left :rre.ur;ijnjured, although I -was 
Mm‘?   ‘  * ~ ‘



and talked rapidly   s‘

    
    
  
 
      
 
   
  
       
 
 
   
   
   
  
      
    
 

    

   

  

 NICK CARTER. WEEKLY

g 6729 Best Detective Stories in the World

;$.. ‘-1 4“
-1 _‘— {T

~  S 369+Nick Carter and the Nebraska ‘Outlaws: or, Playing a Desperate Game.
' ' 37o——Nick Carter’s Diamond Trail; or, The Pursuit of the Lucky Clew.
_ 371-—Nick Carter’s Man Trap; or, Trailing the Lost Boy.
_3 —Dazaar, the Arch Fiend; or, The House of the Seven Devils.
; _ 3%--—The Queen of the Seven; or, Nick Carter and the Beautiful Sorceress.
I: . 374--The Signiof the Dagger; or, The Crime Without a Name.

 375-g—-The Devil Worshipers; or, The Deﬁance of Dazaar.
376-—i-The Cross of Daggers; or, In the Lair of the Devil Worshipers.
377--The Last of the Seven; 01', The Confessions of Dazaar.
378-——§I‘en-Ichi, the Wonderful; or, Nick Carter’s Greatest Find.
379-—The Mystery of the Mikado; or, Nick Carter in Japan.
380-—An Emperor at Bay; or, Nick Carter Deﬁes the Czar.
381~——-The Crime Behind the Throne; or, Nick Carter and the Palace Mystery.
382——HoIding-Up a Nation; or, The Little Giant Rules the World.

  383-Kidnaped in Broad Daylight; or, Nick Carter on His Own Trail.
, ~ V. 384-—The Little Giant’s Double; or, The World’s Two Strongest Men.

385——The Secret Order of Associated Crooks; or, The Confederated Criminal Trust.

’ 386-y-—When Aces Were Trumps; or, A -Hard Game to Play. .
387--The Gambler's Last Hand; or, The Little Giant Wins Out.
i'388——The Murder at Linden Fells: or, The Mystery of the Cadillac Needle.
;389—Mercedes Danton’s Double; or, A Plot for Many Millions.
:39_o——The Millionaire's Nemesis: or, Paul Roger's Oath of Vengeance.

 39t—--VA" Princess of the Underworld: or, The Mysterious Burglary at Lakcview.

" 393;-v-A Qt1eerI‘of~Her Kind; or, A Beautiful Woman's Nerve-

j 393--Isabel Benton’s Trump Card; or, Desperate Play to Win-

; ‘f394—-A Princessof Hades; or, The Reappearance of Dazaar, the Fiend.

5--A Compactwith Dazaar: or, The Devil Worshipefs Den-
‘ /1 ,395-In the Shadow of<Dazaar:,or, At‘ the Mercy of V.3mPil'°5-

v;‘~__';97-‘I511: Crime of a Money-King; or, The Battle of the Magnates.

. 1398--;The Terrible Game of ‘Millions: or, Tracking Down the Plotters.
" 399a-A«Dead' Man’; Power; or, The Mystery of a Tele hone Number.
 Secretrof an Old. House; or, The Crime of — ashington Heights.

3--The House with the Open Door; of. The Double Crime of Madison Avenue.
 Society of Assassination; or, The Detectives Double Disguise.
 Brotherhood of the Crossed Swords; or, The Little Giant’s Mighty Task.
i Trail of the Vampire; or, (me Mysterious Crimes of_ Prospect Park.

'0! Chi show  It yud cannot dot than hog‘ gr... .,;.'.’,
depict; I'D Gusto will  thou to 900 In» hall. noupuq. ' (3 i

' ‘MT .

&sM|T‘!1. Pulilasherstzse \wuaaui s  a roux ; i 

 . 18. Ted Strong’: Forethought; or, King of the Mesa

 

 
 

~ Y oun   Rou ’ W

8 yr

. . .Q - .

-- Rlder W eelily 4*

_ 1. Ted Strong's Rough Riders; or,The Boys of Black Mountain 

2. Ted Strong's Friends; or, The Trial of Ben Trernont W

3. Ted Strong’s War Path; or, The Secret of the Red Cliﬁfs 9;‘

4. Ted Strong’s Strata em ; or, Saving a Boy’s Honor 45

5. Ted Strong's Ride or Life; or, Caught in the Circle 

, 6. Ted Strong on the Trail; or, The Cattle Men of Salt Licks 91

_ 7. Ted Strong in Montana; or, Trouble at the BlackfootA ency 

8. Ted Strong’: Nerve; or, Wﬂd West Sport at lack E

0 Mountain M . .
o 9. Ted Strong’: Rival; or, The Cowboys of Sunset Ranch - - 

o; 10. Ted Strong’s Peril; or, Saved by a Girl 
, 11. Ted Strong's Gold Mine; or, The Duel at Roc Ford  V

 12. Ted Strong’s Law Suit; or, Right Against Mi t 59!

T’ V 13. Ted Strong’ s Railway Trip; or, An Unsolved ystery W

- - 14. Ted Strong's Mission; or Taming a Tenderfoot 

. . 15. Ted Strong’ s Might; or, The Cross Against the ‘Sword - -

9

; 16. Ted Strong’s Puzzle; or, The Golden Mesa ; gt 
17. Ted Strong in the Chaparral; or, The Hunt atLas Animas , . 

19.; Ted Sueng in the Land of Little Rain; or, Bud Morgan's

-3 20. Tea suoa?§ea\llr°§:asagn; or, In Shoshone Land ..
. t :' 21. Td Strong’: steadiness; or, The Cattle Rustlers ofCeriso ::

I

6%?

X‘!

FIVE CENTS AT ALL NEWSDEALERS. OR FROM A A
* : an  233 William Street, NEW roux . .. 

‘ . U I I‘ O.
C ' .
. » I » .

a c
 o
. V

    
 
 

   
  

     
 

   
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
     
   

CVBRAVE AND BOLD WEEKLY

Contains Biggest and Best Stories of All Descriptions.
A DIFFERENT COMPLETE STORY‘EACH WEEK.

. [ ‘‘btaoar>on¢honno41ﬁ~on¢%onnont>o4w>onc%onraont>onc>ont>onno4u
I —_

 

53-—-Phil, the Fiddler; or, The Story of a Young Street Musician. By Horatio Alger, Jr.
*’jI54-—-Dick Halladay’s Pranks; or, Fun at Strykerville Academy. By W. L. James, Jr.
‘>‘6§——-Slow and Sure; or. From the Street to the Shop. By Horatio Alger, Jr:

__ ~.A66——Little by Little; or, The Cruise of the Flyawary. By Oliver Optic.

. 67-—Beyond the Frozen Seas; or, The Land of the Pigmies. By Cornelius Shea.

{ 68.-—The Young Acrobat; or, The Great North American Circus. By Horatio Alger, Jr.
;59——Saved from the Gallows; or, The Rescue of Charlie Armitage. By Matt Royal.

 B 7o——-Checkmated by a Cadet ;or, Conquered by Chance. By Harrie Irving Hancock.
  "71--—-Nuggets and Nerve; or, The Two Boy Miners. By Frank Sheridan.

’ 73-—-Mile-a—Minute Tom; or, The Young Engineer of Pine Valley. By Cornelius Shea.

* 73-«Seared With Iron; or, The Band of Skeleton Bar. By Cornelius Shea.

 74-The Deuce andthe King of Diamonds; or, Two Southern Boys in South Africa. By the
A , author of “Among the Malays.”

. 75‘———Now or Never; or, The Adventures of Bobby Bright. By Oliver Optic.

» 76——Blue-Blooded Ben; or, Two Princeton Pals. By the author of “Hal Larkin.”

 . 77-——Checkered Trailsfbr, Under the Palmcttoes. By Mariine Manley.

 78»-Figures and Faith; ‘or, Messenger Clinton's Chance. By the author of “The Hero of

V A Ticonderoga.”

 79-—~ThVe Trevalyn Bank Puzzle; or, The Face in the Locket. By Matt Royal.

 8o——The Athleteof Rossville: or, The Isle of Serpents. By Cornelius Shea.

V 8t——-Try Again; 01', The Trials and Triumphs or Harry West. By Oliver Optic.
4982--The Mysteries of Asia; or, Among the. Komdafs. By Cornelius Shea.

 33*-The Frozen Head; or, Puzzling the Police. By Paul Rand.

f 34--Dick Danfo1'th’s Death Charm; or, Lost in the South Seas. By the author of “The Wreck
7% 1 7 of the Glaucus.”

I  8 -~lEurt Allen's Trial; 01', Why the Safe was Robbed. By W. A. Parcelle

Prisoners of War; or, Jack Dashaway’s Rise from the Ranks. By “Old Tecumseh."
_.,_87-r--A 'Charm¢d"Life; or, The Boy with the Snake Skin Belt. By the author of "Among the
‘C  ‘ I 7 T Mala :

E '.4.88—~0nly an lint: Boy; or, Andy Burke’s Fortunes. By Horatio Alger, Jr.

‘  K! to the Cipher; or, The Boy Actor's Struggle. By Frank J. Earll.

A 90--Throug 'I'hic|; and Thin: or. Foes to the Last. By Walter J. Newton.

. gx,9»1—rfv"~‘In‘Russia’s Power; or, How Two Boys Outwitted the Czar. By Matt Royal.

 onah Mucld, the Mascot of Hoodooville; or. Which Was Which? By Fred Thorpe.

A ting the Seminoles: or, Harry Emerson's Red Friend. By Maj. Herbert H. Clyde.

 
 

     
 
 
 
 

  

ﬁ%.4§ﬂ. O 

in  above munbers always on hand. If you cannot get them from your
grant». ﬂnoaabpnrupyavmbr-Ingrtoutoyoubyuall. peupeﬂ.

5.235-sgra SMITH, Publishers, 238’ William st.. NEW YORK

 

   

Such as you are interested in are
contained in the new . I . . . .

BOYS OF LIBERTY LIBRARY

These books are written lay well-Known authors.
published in well bound paper editions. and are

     
       
        
        
      
   
     
  

 
 

The Best Historical Storhzs for Boys on the Market B

If you are interested in the early history of our
country. in the stirring times of Washington and A
Putnam and Paul Revere. ask your newsdealer
to show you one of these books. They are
stories of boys who lived in the time of the R
Revolution and deal with thrilling adventure
and ﬁghting between Red Coats and Continentsls.
Here are some of the first issues 3

I. Pool Home and the Boys oi Liberty, - - - By John Bo Morgana
2. Fighting for Freedom; or, The Binh oi the stars and stripes, - By Lioui. Lounshony
V 3. The Young Ambassador; or. Washingion’s First Triumph, - By John Bo Morgan
B 4. mo league of Hon; or. Washington’: Boy Scouts, - By commander Post, B. A. B.
R 5; line first shot ior Lihoriy; or. The Minute Man oi Massachusetts, By John Bo Morgnnf 
_   6. Bashing Paul Jones: or, me iiofo of tho colonial iiayy,   - By Frank Shannon?
V ” V These books can be purchased for Ten Cents. 

  

  

  
     

6  newsdealers. or from . . . . . . . . o

i .    B  gas w15g§.K;I;’3eRs41"{§%gAg§ 1 

 
 

    
  

 

STORIES F on REVOUTIN’

     
   
     
   
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
  
   

x’ ROVER BOY LIBRARY 9

ﬂdventures 
~ of the -~ HARKAWAY

Hli unﬂagging interest taken in the fortunes, l who certainly bids fair to out-Harkaway the famous ii ,

of the innnurtal jack Harkaway b_v young  original of this type, In the energetic and restles* O
l)l)_\'S, and old boys as well, has for thirty  Link Rover a unique character has been created, 
years been one of the marvels of the publishing ‘ bold and striking that we conﬁdently expect his

:4‘ ,nF"

. ai:~;%3é$' .'..~\msa~=.;.,,«’:‘*.i*5'.~.».

world. These stories seem to be just as eagerly name to presently become quite as familiar anionga...
sought after and devoured to-day as when first our American boys as those of Frank Merriwell;
issued, and inyriads of readers or Buffalo Bill. These
ldolize the Bold and Unconquered Jack Stories of Adventure and Frolic

in much the same spirit as they do good old at school and abroad are written especially for ti!’
Robinson Crusoe. In fact, it has become a house- series by Gale Richards, who is under exclusi 
hold nan)“ And _\et. there has always been some contract to devote his whole time and attention -
thing like a spirit of keen disappointment among this fascinating work. There is not a dull line fr
American lads because this hero happened’ to be a beginning to end, because Link Rover believes"
Britjsher. At last, believing the time is ripe ‘to j his especial duty and privilege to keep things conv
remedy this one defect, we now take pleasure in , stantly “ humrning." So be fairly warned that, to
presenting a new series, in which, from week to V commence reading of his strange experiences is 
week will be chronicled the ‘wonderful adventures j acquire the “ Rover habit." which clings to one li 
and madcap pranks of a genuine Yankee lad,  a leech. and is very hard to shake oil”.

» __ Below we give a list of the numbers already issued or in press: 
 ii*~—f?UNK ROVER, THE SCAPEGRACE; or, The Black Sheep ol the Fa‘
‘ »*.2-—-—LlNK ROVER AT SCHOOL ABROAD; or, Lively Times at Old Swindon:
.-:3--LINK  AS A WIZARD ; or. The Yankee Firebrand in an English vi ,1 p
' _—A4—-LINK BOVEWS BALLOON VOYAGE ; or. Fun and Adventure Among the C 
.  AUONG THE CARLISTS; or, Playing a Bold Game With the I; it
L6’-——Lmi(..,, ADMET: or, Franks and Perils on the Mediterranean , A
I K  W ALGIIERS; or, Waking Up a Sleepy Oriental city.
 ROVEAWST  LEGACY 3% or. The Audacious Lark at I

A  -A  iiuaahor every week. Price. FIVE CENTS. at all donlorl. or
' V ‘ ‘ by tondind direct to the yublishors.

 William Street. New"

     
  
 

   
 
    
 

  
 
 
 

 

  
   

