N0_ 1155 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 13, 1927

Price 8 Cents

 

\ » ...a:.m.l, :5.‘ 4 ‘

   

“No you don't, you bru imself and gripping the vicious animal tightly
by the nostrils as he started to plunge forward-after ﬂooring the blacksmith.
“You've done all the damage you're going to do in this 31100."
I

u

  

 FAMEATND  some      

tter

dxweekl —V-Subscription price $4.00 per year Canadian, 50; Foreign, $5.00. Copyright, .1921, by
I» . a

Weetbun
Dec

hli h! C .. I . 40 Cede street "N . Y
. x-l,‘ 19‘11,ngat (the “L963”:-omce it New.'xo§l;'. north, under the Act of March 3.

1. Entered as second Class M
1879

NEW YORK, IND‘,/'EMBER 18, 1927

iilSlamson,l the Boy Blacksmith  

OR, FROM THE ANVlL T0 FORTUNE

By A SELF-

{CHAPTER I.-—Taming a‘Vicious Brute]

 ‘Eon ought to join the circus, Joe,” remarked
Md n Rulofson the village blacksmith, as his
" . T,-looking assistant, whose age could not have
more than eighteen, lifted the heavy anvil
moved it a yard back from its former posi-

yiishould I join a circus?!” replied the/boy
putting down his burden in its new resting

‘ecause you’re so strong,” replied the black-
“You’re a wonder. I have never seen your
strength, and I’ve met some pretty strong
in my time. I consider myself a muscular
,3,but you can beat me all hollow at lifting
ts and handling heavy things generally, not
an of ‘your other feats, which have made
talked about in the village. You’ve got sinews
' l and muscles of the same caliber. And
, , singulvar of édl, you’re a namesake of your
lical prototype-——Samson. It’s a curious coin-
'ce that your name should be Samson. Upon
ordit is.”
gnot responsible for that.”
now that. Was your father a strong man,

 He had only the strengthof the average
be your mother was a large and powerful
I

She was quite the opposite.” ,
yhof your ancestors remarkable for their
*7»
t to my knowledge.”
ve inherited a splendid physique, at any
, ny idea how you acquired your unusual
L; h'?,”
- ver since I can remember. I suppose con-
s exercise has helped to develop it.”
Ig Samson, the Strong Boy, would sound
 the circus bills,” smiled the blacksmith.
th my picture in the middle, holding up a
of 500-pound dumbbells, with one hand,”
the boy good~naturedly.. ‘ ,,
vtvwould be_ a ‘gross exaggeration, for no
ever been kaownito be capable of lifting
(‘is with one How much do you
am , . , ,, Y‘ ,,,, I

MADE MAN

me by it naturally,'for I have been very’

3."

' “I don't know. I nevertested the matter.”

“That anvil weighs over 300 pounds, and I 
' wouldn’t care to tackle it single-handed like you ‘

did.” .
“I knew I was lifting something when I swung‘
it over there.” ‘

‘‘I’l1 warrant you did. Well, I don't want to
put the circus idea into your head, for I’d hate to

lose you. ‘ You’re.the best assistant, and the best’.

boy, too, I've ever had.f’ _
“Thank you, Rulofson. I appreciate your good.
opinion, and I can return the compliment by say-

ing that you’re the best boss I've ever had. Now -  ‘

that the anvil is out of the way, let’s get Hag-4
gerty’s stallion in here and put the new set of
shoes on him he’s‘ waiting for.”

“I hate to tackle the brute,” said the black-
smith, getting up and looking toward the door’,—'
where a big, restive, brown animal was tied to a
ring bya stout rope.
don’t think I’d touch him if I didn’t have you to
hold on to him. It’s almost as much as a.man’s

life is worth to shoe him. ‘ They say he’s maimed 

several blacksmiths. V At any rate, he's the terror
of the county, and no manvwill shoe him a second
time for any price. I’ve charged Haggerty a stiff
ﬁgure for doing the job, for I know nobody else

Wants it; and I’m not quite easy in my mind as ,
to how I’ll come out, even with you to second me.” 

“Don’t worry. The horse won’t get away from

me’ once I get a good grip on him,” said the boy" g»

conﬁdently. ,

He’ walked toward the door, where a small
bunch of men -and boys, who had ‘recognized the
animal, was beginning to gather, in anticipation
that something exciting was on the tapis. I ‘

Unloosening the stallion, whereat the crowd‘

scattered to a sate distance, he led himinto the : M

shop. The animal seemed docile enough at the
moment, but a_clos_e, observer would have noticed
a wicked look in his eye. He was a treacherous;
brute, and was simply biding his time. He knew

as well, as if he were a human being, that he was ..

about to be shod, and that was an operation he

» always resented. .

He concerned. himself little with Joe,. 
walke_d.him inside, but watched the buriy.*‘b_1’ackf->
smith, whom he regarded as an enemy, ‘out of th

orner of his e e ‘ -

Price 3 Cents. - v °

“He’s a vicious brute. I, I

    

i ’ forward. His ﬁrstmove was the removal of one
of the worn kind shoes. With pincer-s in hand he
approached the hind quarters of the stallion with
more than his customary caution, and then with
.a swift movement he grabbed the horse just

_above the hoof and raised his leg to swing it

 17, across his lap, as he stood in a crouching posi-

' tion. The bunch of spectators closed about the

’—big door,‘ a look of intense interest resting on
every feature. They expected something would
- happen, and something did. Quick as a ﬂash of

 

 . lightning the animal launched out both hind feet,'

V _~planting his forelegs so close to Joe’s feet that
the boy had to hop back to save them. Rulofson,
 though on his guard, was ﬂung like a feather to
one side on the hard boards. The lookers on ut-
tered exclamation: of excitement and dismay,

’ thinking that the norse would swing around and

. kick o’ut the blacksmith’s brains. .

“No, you don’t, you brute!” cried Joe, bracing

 , himself and gripping the _Vicious animal tightly
' by the nostrils as he started to plunge forward

. after ﬂooring the blacksmith. “You’ve done all

/' i the damage you’re going to do in this shop.”

The stallion, balked in his purpose of starting

2 in to wreck the shop, tried to shake himself free
from the boy’s grip. But he was unable to do so,

-and the pressure on his nostrils greatly handi—

‘ capped him, for it interfered with his breathing,

V and without sufﬁcient breath he could not usehis

7 Strength. He ﬁrst tugged andthen tried to rear

up, but Joe had a grip of steel on him, and not

for an instant did the plucky boy give the animal

‘_the,least relief. It was a tussle for supremacy

‘between’ the two, and young Samson won out.

 When the stallion appeared ready to drop, and

r was giving the most poignant symptoms of dis-

tress and Weakness, Joe let up by, degrees, until

’ ‘he ﬁnally released his grip on his nostrils alto-

fgether. « H

The animal stood trembling like an aspen leaf,
=,h,is eyes peering gnto the boy’s with a look of fear
and astonishment, for never before had he been
conquered in such an effective m-anner. Then Joe

- began to stroke his nose and talk to him in a
calm, decided way. The stallion’s ears were

, thrown forward as if drinking in all the boy said.
> “Now, old boy, you’re going to allow yourself
to be shod, and you’re not going to make any

' moreffuss over it—-understand?” And Joe. laid

his ﬁngers ﬁrmly on his nostrils, but did not

squeeze them, as a kind of hint of what would

’ happen if the animal did not heed his words.

, y The horse's spirit seemed to be broken for the

time, and he hung his head in a dejected Way.

’ , He recognized the fact that Joe was his master,

“ and when a horse arrives at that conclusion he is

conquered.‘ , . /

,  “Get ‘busy, Rulofson,” said the boy._ “I’ve got
him tamed. You can shoe him now with perfect
safety.” . - p ‘ " 7
“By. George, Joe, you've done something that

"nobody else in’ the country, not even his owner,

' could do! That is, master the brute. You deserve

- a medal.”

T “Hurrah for Joe Samson!” shouted a small boy

1 atthe door. .

_.“,Cut itlo,ut,’.’ replied Joe, =“or~you’ll4~frighten

  
 
 
    
    
   
   
  
  
 
   

 

      
    
    
  

  

 
  
  

        
        
     
 
   
 

  

SAMSON,  ‘BbY"°BLlcKsM1a;H. ‘

, and then marched him toward the doorway. _

‘prised to learn that Joe Sams'on had ma

. horse had experienced a change of heart.

.,'

~ to warm himself, and Rulofson, ‘noting
i’ had offered him rk'

  

smith shoe Haggerty’s terror, as he was 1: '
Not an ugly move did the stallion make (in
the process. You'd have thoughthe ‘was
gentlest creature in the world. By’ the time 'R,
lofson had ﬁnished, the news of Joe’s feat ‘I
spread aroundtlie neighborhood, and thegc-r’
had grown to considerable proportions. ' ,
“Come, old boy, we're going outside,” sa-id*J
to the horse. “You’ve got a ﬁne pair of shoes
and you ought to feel proud of them.” 
He stroked the animal’s nose in a friendlyw,

  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   

crowd fell back to a respectable distance,
then stood in a semicircle, looking on while
boy reti_ed the stallion to the ring. He patted -
horse, tickled his ears, and ﬁnally produceds
lumps] (éfhsugaff frocrln his pocket, which he ’
provi e imse W1 .
‘f¥,ou ‘deserve something. for behaving“ your
self, said Joe, so eat up this sugar.” ‘ .
The horse ate the sugar and then rubbed-i 1
nose against Joe's arm. The spectators ‘fa
ga‘s¥<ek;ie12ii(1a:vi;h1s remarkable exh1bition._ , .
you could do anythin with that
mal now, Joe,” said Rulofson, w 0 had co ,
the ‘dcéor. “Hne seems to have a whole lot, of
spec or you.;
_ Joe laughed, patted the horse again,and yr ‘ 
into the shop_to help the blacksmith on " '
JobA-—_t_he repairing of a part of a wagon. . ,
little ater, when Haggerty came dow
street after his stallion, he was stopped by a

is horse. He was stopped half a dozen'ti
before he reached the shop by other spectators;
with the same story to tell, When he wal ‘
up to his equine property he soon saw ‘that the

“How did. you do it, Samson?” he asked}
when he stepped inside to pay his bill.
“That’s one of my business secrets,” Iaug "
the boy. ,’ ' - .
‘‘I’m afraid the’ good impression won’t I
said Haggerty. “He’s got a bad streak in’ ~
and what’s bred in the bone is pretty ha "
do away with.” p ' , i _ ' _
“Well, when you want him shod‘ again ‘if_
him here, and I’ll guarantee we'll do’_it’v§i»
any trouble,” replied the boy, poking a piec"
iron into the forge and workin thebellows
the end of it had acquired a w ite heatﬂ ,
he took it over to the anvil and began bea
it into shape. Long before Joe ﬁnished his
for the day everybody in the villagehad
about his victory over Haggerty’s,stalliojn
the people marveled at his success,,and wond
how he accomplished it. 

    
    
     

  
       
        
       
  

CHAPTER‘ II.—Joe Offered 7a New i Jo

Joe boarded with Rulofson. He was an o .
who had drifted into the village of Bla
one ‘winter’s day six months before the'opeiii
our story. He stopped at the blacksmith

      

wart make—up, and bein_g,i,n~ wan 
an

 .=}i3_s._::iuck, had accepted the offer. Since then ‘the.

:had-become the best of‘ friends. The boy

lfudqalso made vhiinselfi very’ popular with '-Jennie.

,ulofson, who kept house for her father, Mrs-.
.§R-lllofsongbeing dead. His good looks’ captured
 gi1‘l’s fancy, and she declared he was the best-

t1irecl_boy she had ever met.. Nothing seemed
disturb the even tenor of his disposition.
iiywhatever he thought of J ennie, he certainly
eated her. very nicely. If she wanted to go out
an evening.,he was always ready to act as her
escort, and shewas very proud to be seen in l’1]S

‘ur-

caps for him, buttheir efforts to cut Jennie out
ifoved fruitless. The boys were jealous of him

1/ ﬁrst,.and were not pleased at his advent in

_lacl<heath, but tliatfeeling didn’t last, particu-

yly after they discovered what a powerful boy

' Jwas. Only one lad went so far as to force a

"‘ ap _on him, and when the belligerent youth

icked himself out of‘ a thick’ clump of bushes .,

ﬁseverel yards away he concluded to call the mat-
ter off for good. ’

(..Joe’s impromptu exhibitions of strength, won
therespect and admiration of his new associates‘,
and he was regarded as a wonder in the muscular

.,line. 'There was one boy in Blackheath who dis- -

‘liked Joe very much, indeed. This was Henry
fCa;rter, whose father was a lawyer and president
ibfthe village bank. As Mr. Carter was consid-
 one? the most important men in the village,
(cause e had a pull with the county politicians,
‘as pretty pwellpoﬂ’, all thin s considered, and
' in the most pretentious ouse in the place,
vsonrhad come to regard himself a_s a per-
' age of considerable importance, too.
sed much better than the otherboys, put on
‘rs that didn’t fit him very well, and then ‘won-
‘gdéred why he was not popular among his as-
sociates. The real cause of the “grouch” Henry
arter entertained against Joe Samson was
ennie, Rulofson. Jennie was the prettiest and
einost sprightly girl in the village, and Carter
as smitten with her charms. Although the girl
"ad never encouraged his"attentions_ still the law-
er’s son had hopes of winning her over until
came on the scene.
After that Jennie had eyes onl for her father’s
',ung‘assis'tant, and Carter rea ized that his as-
nations were squelched. To be cut out by a
' mon blacksm1th’s helper was gall and worm-
‘~ in his soul. He could not understand why
ﬂepnie should preferthe society of a» f‘waif from
3:o‘where,” as he called Joe, to him. But the fact
 ,_ ‘ned that she did, and he was disgusted and
over it. .
» e shows mighty poor taste,” he grumbled’.
am agentlemanls son, and Ipexpect to’ go to
ege and become 3 lawyer, like my father,
1 " of these days the house and all my folks own
A , come.to me, and I’ll be well ﬁxed, which is
"re than any other boy in this village can say.
"bet any." other girl around here would fall
herself to catch me for her best fellow, and
is what I would like to be to Jennie,’ but the
_ _foo1_won’t have me.” / .
ﬁgtgion those who ard about J oe’s feat of sub-
ng,_ aggerty’s h rse was Mr. Carter. Tales
the _boy’s trength had reached himioften be-
“ but thisglast exhibition seemed more won-
"than anythm‘ he-had yet done in the vil-

    
  
   
  
     
    
 

  

     

   

Mr. garter ha just received word that 1:11; 7

   

e    ‘ 

pany.. Half the girls in the village set their ,

He,

. vided against. Now I don’t know of any one more .

 

   

    

watchman-of the bank "had been taken ill _with= _
pneumonia, 'and1wou1dn’t-vbeablevto -show up/‘o'1'71, V 
duty for at least two or three’ weeks." It was I I
necessary to hire a substitute at once. ‘It struck p 
Mr. Carter that Joe Samson .would be just the 
person for the job. Whether he could hire him or ' i
not to ﬁll the vacancy was the question. How'-
ever, he determinedto try, and he sent his gar-
dener around to the blacksmith; shop with a re-
quest that the boy would call on.him right away.
Rulcfson had gone home, and Joe was just clos-
ing up when the gardener appeared. He was suré » 
prized at the message, for he was not acquainted 
with the lawyer. ' .  

“Do you know what Mr. Carter wants to see
me about?” he asked the gardener. v

“I do not,”~replied the man. _- . . -v v

“Did you say he wanted to see me at once?’ 

“That’s what he told me to tell you.” ‘

“All right. I’ll call on him on my way home.’,‘.

The gardener went away, and soon after Joe
followed him. _On reaching the lawyer’s home he
walked up to the front door. Henry Carter was
sitting on the porch playing with his dog. He
was surprised to see'the boy he hated coming to A
the house. ‘ He couldn't imagine what business ~
had brought‘ him there.

“What do you want?” he asked in an ungraci-
ous tone. , '

“I want to see your father,” replied Joe pleas-
antly. ‘ , _
“Whatdo you want to see him about?” asked, . ' -

 

 

Henry with some curiosity. I 
“He sent fgr me.” ‘' 43
“My father sent for you?” -  ’ ‘

b ‘l‘1Yes,” replied Joe, advancing and pulling the 

e _ ' ‘ . . - "

Henry was still more surprised- And he was
exceedingly curious to learn why his fatherhad , ’
sent for the blacksmith’s assistant. V ~  

“Will you tell Mr. Carterthat Joe Samson w
has come?” said Joe to the maid who answered
the ring. » ,

“Walk in please,” said the girl, holding the
door open, and then, in accordance with orders , 
she had “previously received, showing the visitor . "
into the lawyer s ibrary. '

In a few minutes Mr. -Carter appeared. . x

“You are Joe Samson, the blacksmith’s helper?”
said the lawyer. « -

_“Yes, sir,” answered Joe respectfull ., "

“You are a gretty strong lad, I iytlrerstand.”

“Yes, sir, I ave good muscles.” ‘

“A sudden emergency has arisen at the bank.
The night watchman has been taken ill, and his
place must be ﬁlled at once until he is able to *
return to duty. While the chances are that 
nothing will happen at the bank, still it is neces-

 

 

Va-.

 
   

sary that no: chances be taken, since it is the >‘ H

    

unexpected that often occurs, and must be pro-,

      
 

suitable to ﬁll the bill than yourself. I will any
you well to undertake the job, and I guess Ru - - ',
son can spare you for a week or two as‘ a favor
to me.” p ‘ I . A ‘
Joe w_as surprised at the offer, and he wasn’t ,;
averse ‘to accepting ’ it if his employer had no ‘
objection. i l  »
“Well, sir, if Mr. Rulofson is _.willing- for me to
help you out I’ll come; but you’ll have to ask him
before the matter can be deﬁnitely arranged.” - .,
“Very well. ~ Itisquite right that he should be,“

 
     
     
 

    
    
   
 

    

      
    
 

       

   

consulted. I'll give you ten dollars a week during
. the time that your services are required. I sup-
-pose you are on your way home from work?” i l
. _’—‘‘Yes,» sir.” \ .
is ’ “Tell Rulofson to call and see me directly he
issthrough supper.” -
.‘‘I will.’’ .
f‘ ~ ..“That is all. If the matter is concluded I shall
-;,want you to report here as soon as Rulofson re’-
turns and lets you know that hephas loaned you
to the bank.”
__«"Ai1 ri_ght,,sir.” , '
Mr. Carter let Joe out himself, and the bov hur-
ried home, rather pleased at thevprospect of lipid-
‘ingzdown such a responsible position as night
jwatchman at the village bank, even for a short
time. He was ambitious to get ahead in the
xyworld, and he thought this 0 enin might pave
I the way to something better t an t e job he was
now holding. He liked Rulofson, and would have

is retted parting from him, but still he had his
V in ure to consider, and he couldn’t_aﬁ'ord to let

. any opportunity to better himself get away from
' m

  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 

« ‘~‘What’s been keeping you, Joe?” asked Rulof-
 when the boy entered the cottage and found
theblacksniith half through his evening meal.

’ Jennie hadn’t sat down, as she was waiting for
*Joe. Her father had related to her how the boy
’ had got the best of Haggerty’s “terror” that
 afternoon, and her admiration for the sturdy. lad
Iliad been much increased. _ .v -

 "Mr. Carter sent for me to call at his house,"
-‘replied Joe, hanging up his hat and then taking
his place at the, table. ' "

some surprise. »- .
‘ . “Yes. I went to» his house, and he told me that

  

gckmand he (wants rgiet to take ﬁgs pflface duntilthe
"a e to report or u 37 again. e o ere me en
dollars a week. I told him I’d accept if you were
.- wi1%1i%ig,fso he asked me to tell you to call on him
 a ter supper. ’ o

’ ulofson didn’t look pleased at the prospect of
osing the servicles of his stalwart young assistant,
even temporari y. ' ’
4 “S1? you gvalnt 11:0 leave me, eh?” he said, look-
ng'arda'te oy. ‘

 -“-No; but I don’t know of any easier way to

  

  

  

tlian to take up with Mr. Carter’s offer.”

, "fWhat’s the matter with the night watchman?”
_~"‘Mr. Carter didn’t tell me the nature of his
.~ illness.” I

 

   

he j6b?” ~

I-“‘_Because I’m strong, I guess.”

“Well,'I don’t see how I can spare you, Joe;

 still, if you really want to take up with this

thing I won't stand in your way. Ten dollars a

week is more than you get from me, even taking

‘ Into consideration yourboard and room, so you

53%’ zarlright as wfll htayle it as anybonﬁ else. ,I?1l get

song some ow 1 you come ac to me.’

W . ,f?It’s'kind of you. Rulofson, not‘ to make a kick

'v**‘$J_)ver the matter,” said Joe.
fr gugzlliinllg is ‘right for my board while I’m working

 e an . ,

, ‘No, you won’t. _You're‘ perfectly weloometo

  
  

  

  

  
 

‘here just the same as if you were working in »

the shop. I wouldn't think of taking a cent 

‘ under subjection-, and soon after

’ “Sent for you?” exclaimed the blacksmith in.

the-night watchman at the bank has been taken ~

earn ten dollars a week for a couple of weeks .

“Howfcomes it that Carter singled you out for _

“I’ll pay you whatever ' .

   

    

you. You’re saving most of your wages as "a
nest-egg for the future. so you can add to’ it when
you get from the bank. _I’ll go rightover to M
Carter s house and_ tell him you have my permis
sion to accept_the Job he offered y0u_n ‘
Thus speakingthe blacksmith got up from -the
tablle, put on his hlatband leftnthe llrouse. V  ,,
suppose ou’, 1; ' 1-, h “
 i‘“i‘1f‘i§..€§. is  W en re s
‘ _ery i ey. ’. ave to do my sleeping-in ﬁe.‘ "3
gzyltiige owhich will be something new for in" “:5
P‘It”wi1l‘be much easier than working   

 

Shop. 4. . 7
“Oh, I don’t mind h d 1:. It 1"
me. Still I rather lik¢:uthe“i(d1ea of'waa%§hi:g‘.yiih2
banlgvfﬁr gpwhile.” - I « 3 ‘ 1,;
e on’t run if 'th th f ,  ' i 
would surely fai1,”‘l’augv‘lied the: giarll ‘or thetbank X
“I’ll try to resist the temptation,” chuckled due
“I've heard of a tramp stealing a hot stove on
the stage, but I never knew of any one walking
away with a steel safe on his back.” 
_“To hear father brag about your strength on
might easily believe you capable of lifting a bank
safe,” smiled Jennie. “Tell me how you man.
aged to keep Mr. Hag-gerty’s horse still while
father shod him. He said the animal started a‘
first to clean up the shop, but you got s ‘ kind 
ﬁt grip on, him that took’ all the ﬁgl*ut"of'E
1 .

in.
Joe’ told her how he had brou ht’ the stallion
. _ e had ﬁnished
and was helping Jennie wash the dishes, Rulofsoii
returned and told the boy to report right away
at the‘lawyer’s house. ‘ ‘t

    
   

     
 
      
     

    
    

CHAPTER III.—The Bank Robbers.”

When Joe reached Mr. Carter’s house be r’
across Henry in the hall. That young gentl'ema',n
had learned from his father that the temporary
vacancy of night watchman at the bank had‘ been
offered to Joe Samson, and that in all probability
he would take up the duties of the position ma
night. _Although the'jo_b was, _in Henry’s'opinion
a. plebeian one, ‘he considered it too good for I y
and with the view of queering him he threw out
insinuations reflecting on his ability to make '
Mr. Carter, however, paid no attention to "his
son’s suggestions, forhe was satisﬁed in his owir?
mind that Joe‘ was the best person he could et on
such short notice to watch the bank a nigt: 

“So you’re going to act as night watchman at
Elie bank until Smith gets well .3’ said Henry to

oe. - ‘ '

‘.‘I believe so,” replied the latter. I
_ “Do }f0u;l3h1Iik y_ou’d be able to"stand a thief oﬂr
if he tried‘ to get in?” asked Henry with a sneer‘

“I should try to do so at any rate,” answers

Joe. . .
“I don’t think you're old-enou h to ﬁll the,
properly,” went on Henry. ~ “It’sg a man's jobizm ‘E
“Oh, I ess l’1l manage to pull throug1i,’.’‘.'s.ait‘§.'3‘‘ ’
Joe chee ully. ' I - 
“I wouldn’t be surprised if the baiikrwas rb
while you are in charge,” said Henry spi I I
y “I don’t think such a’thingis1ike1y'to ha
replied Joe pleasantly.  -’ »   V.
E . .»r _V ,, ‘in: v ,.‘ 

      

      

     
   
 

  
      

  
    

 

       

E

   
        
     

   
 

   
  
    
   
   
 

  
 
   
   
     

   
     
    
   

E

 ‘A.

 , ._iS’A1l?I:SON.'‘ mg as Biieesims

of Why i1;sili’t it‘; You must have a big opinion
i, your a iities.’ M l
 attempt has been made to rob the bank
since I’ve_ been in the village, so I don’t see,v_vhy
'chxa thin should happen during the short time
. pact to e in charge.”
“That’s because Smith knows his business.
ou’re only a boy, and don’t know -anything about
etching a bank. I suppose. you think because
you're_ so’stro_ng that nobobdy can do you 11

but
ank. ‘robber would soon settle you with his»

ol and then, he’d‘ blow the safe open iandvwalk
with all the money.” \

f ‘you were the president you wouldn't hired

me‘, then ?” smiled, Joe. . _ l

' ,,‘«‘I should say not. My father is foolish totake
chances with you.” ' ‘

 1'.‘90pl7.Jl0h I was‘ not the proper person‘for the
' of night watchman he might reconsider hlS

ho. .
oﬂer," said Joe with just the least bit of sarcasm

in his tones, for he knew well enough that it was -

‘ersonal spite that called forth I-Ie\nry’s remarks.
_ “It’s_‘none of my business to interfere,” replied
Henry. “The risk of taking you on is up to, my

ernor.” .

Atthat moment Mr. Carter appeared at the
1, ary door with his hat on. . ,_ _

" We'll‘ go to the bank now,” he said, looking at

4‘I’m ready, sir,” answered theboy promptly.

hey were admitted by the dayporter, who had.‘

‘home. Mr. Carter. explained what Joe was
iéagpectedvto. do, showing him a time-clock he. had
to ring up every fifteen, minutes. ‘

* /“Here is Smith's revolver. You must keep it
‘inyour pocket, so as to have it at hand in case of
’  emergency,” said the lawyer, giving him the
.e,fapon. "‘After I go out you’ will bolt the door,
(1 admitlno one under any pretext until the

Qrter appears in the morning to relieve‘ you.

‘,derstand?” . -
«es, sir,” answered,Joe.

‘Youiwill no doubt need a lunch at midnight.
Ydugpmiist bring it with you. I will send you
adomething right away by my gardener, the man

lio carried my message to you at the shop. Take

in through the window in front. That’s all. I

SI
fmi .
,, he‘ time-clock Joe rang up for the firstztime.
‘Tye got to do that every ﬁfteen minutes until
orrow morning at seven,” he said tohimself.
I miss doing it even once thepaper inside will
_w it, That clock keeps tabs on a chap to the
. een’s taste. It answers just as well as if a man
alkyd‘ in here every quarter of an ‘hour to see

was awake and tending to my duty. It 7

nly is a great scheme to keep a fellow right
«to. the mark.” . -

voe made a tour of the bank and then sat down’

, t of the time-clock. At quarter past eight
ang up again. A few minutes later the door
lfof ‘the. bank rang.. Joe ‘went to the window
' ’ oked out." «Mr.;Cai'ter?s gardener stood out-

 ~‘can of coffeegand .a package of sand-2

d amq-ua.rt.er -of an.app1

iece cake
- ‘ \ 13013311 the window and

./ .
“Perhaps if you were” to suggest to him that in l

‘ » barriers he could’ not overcome.

tes of eight, and when the hour was shown’

carried itto a counter in the back of the
The young blacksmith soon found that his night‘

watch was a rather monotonous job. He~'liad .-

practically nothing to do but walk about occa-_
sionally, and at the end of each quarter of an

hour ring up on the time-clock. Most of his time .

he spent in a chair facing the clock. So the hours
passed slowly away, and midnight arrived. Not
being used to night work, and having put irfa
hard day’s ‘work at the shop, Joe began to feel
very drowsy. Of courselit would never do '.to.f9_.ll
asleep. 1! he did, the chances were he'd sleopptill
morning, andthe time-clock would ﬁve‘ him‘ awa

At, half-pastitwelveohe thought of ,
ate it. That brightened him up a bit, and for the

next hour he~did not feel sleepy,_tlien the silence“ _

the inaction,‘and the lonesomeness of his pos
tion, began to overpower him, and his eyelids be-.
gan to feel heavy once -more. He went to-a basi
and Washed his facg That carried him overtlll

two o’clock. _NoWvhe began to feel more sleepy , +

than ever.
“Gee!
in,” he muttered. ’ ~ I
Ringing up the quarter past, he started on a .
other tour of the bank. The last place he went
was the back door, which was locked and bolted
like the front one, and as a further precaution,
was provided with an iron door on the outside,
also looked and doubly, bolted. To force an en~
trance through either door would take time and
proper implements, and the watchmanminside was
sure to hear any attempt made‘ on either. There:
were other and less troublesome ways of getting
into the building ‘by an expert, however, with
which. Joe wasnot as familiar as he ought to
have been. In the hurry of placing him onnguard,
Mr. Carter had forgotten to tell him about the
cellar door andwindow. It is true the forme
was of iron, locked, and further strengtheneclv by-
two iron crossbars. It was not often used during
the warmer months of the year, after the furnace
which heated the building was out of commission.
The cellar window was barricaded with an iron.
shutter. Both door and window presented strong
obstacles against surreptitious entrance on'th‘e
part of a thief, but an expert crook, provided with
suitable tools, would not have regarded them as
Joe made his
tour of the building once every‘ hour. 
He was seated in his chair, waiting for the-
clock to reach three, and pinching himself to keep
awake, when he heard a slight noise behind him '
He turned around and saw two men, with masks,
close to him. Surprise held him inactive forj'a,
moment Wor two, and oneof the. men took instan
advantage of the fact to swing a slungshot. Th
blow, though but a glancing one, landed with fo
enough to put him out of business. Lifting’
unconsciousform from the ﬂoor, the men‘ boun
him ‘to the chair, ‘and then, satisﬁed they ha
notliing._more to fear from him, started operations!
on the big safe, which was not a very modern on V
and looked easy to the two‘ rascals. They workg
away for an hour or more, like ‘men who kn
their business, then one of them applied a  t.
to a fuse, and presently the door was blow ‘oil:
with a; smothered ‘shock.,~ The contents of

.,;safe,«however,.were_:not in sightt, for there was:
‘ an inner door totgmopiened. Tlie crooks‘
_ e . . . , .

W0? ‘O11 this. an were so on:

is lunch, and .:

I wish it ‘was morning, so I could turn '

       

' l‘sAivi§c3iii,

, _ recovered his. senses. He‘-look-’ed around -in a_ dazed
‘way, not at ﬁrst comprehending what had hap-
pened. His eyes rested on the face of the clock,
-‘ jand he saw‘ that the hands‘ indicated quarter past‘
 .our. ~ ’
' ..“My gracious!” he exclaimed, recollecting that
_. he had .-last rung up at quarter ofthree. “I must
'_ havebeen asleep for Hello! Why, I’m bound
tmthe chair!”‘ - ~ . » -
' Then he remembered the noise behind him, the
two masked men, and the blow he had received
from one of. them. - i c v
_ _ “Great Scot!” he ejaculated.‘ “My first nigh-t on
‘ the job, ,and.‘the -bank has been entered right un-
’ der my nose! Lord! If those’ rascals have cleaned
out the place, and made their escape with their
.. plunder, my reputation in this village is gone for
good, I wouldn’t/be able to stay here any-longer.
than’ it would take me to pack my grip and get

Gum  , N v « _ 

_ - At that moment Joe became aware of sounds
. ‘going on in the direction of the safe, which was
 behind him. . I " '

7 .‘‘They’re here still, and working at the safe.
‘ They’ have probably made ‘good headway, and
something must be done.” ‘
 He worked himself and theichair slowly around
until able to get a view of the safe. Then he.saw
 ’ that the big outer door had been blown off and
that the men were engaged at the inner one.

‘.‘If I could free myself I'd make things interest-
ing for those chaps, bet your life!” he muttered.

He proceeded at once to- exert his strength on
his bonds. They had tiedvhim pretty securely,
but bracing himself against, a table he pulled so
'_hard on the rope that it gave enough for him to
.].d1"aw out one of his hands. The other hand-easily
followed. He then took his’ jackknife out of his
pocket and cut the rope away from his body, thus

freeing himself ntirely. . ﬂ ,

! ‘"1‘here’'ll be so ething doing now, I guess,” he
said, drawing his revolver and~"cocking it.

At that moment the crooks succeeded in forcing
open the inner do r of the safe, and the workin
capital of the ban lay at their mercy. ‘A
4  “Get your grip, Jim,” said one of them, “and

we'll clean this safe out and be off. We ain’t,got

no time to spare, as it’s most daylight.”
I ,Jim started to get his grip, but started back
‘with an exclamation of consternation. He found
I himself looking into_.the muzzle of the night
watchman’s revolver. , '

 

 

 
  

 
   
   

  
   
  
    
     
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  

you as quick as a wink!” said, Joe in a resolute
tone, with his ﬁnger on the trigger of his weapon.
- » The rascals were taken at a disadvantage, and
they stood in front of the safe glaring at the
‘plucky boy who had them dead to rights.
, _

CHAPTER IV.——-Joe ‘Captures the Burglars.

_ ‘, “I say, young feller, can't we square this?" said
' one of the burglars. .

r“You mean that you want me to let you oﬂ',_
« eh?" replied» Joe. \ .
‘ “That's about the size of it,” answered the man.
""Itwon’t~do on nogood to send us to jail. _Jim
 have 100 in our clothes. We'll give it to
“ ﬁiT_youletusg»_0.J . —. ~ 4 W. I _

    

  

    

 - V as 'i§i:AcI{si»iI'i*Ii ' I

“Throw up your hands, both of you, or I'll drop I

‘haverbeen some time, for the men had blown t

more -I - i

    
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  

' “You’ve got “a ‘nerve to tr'y‘to bribe meiﬁttﬁ
$100. Look at the damage you've done_ to“;
safe. Will $100 pay for that?” returned the boy ~—

“That ain’t nothin’ to you. Let the bank  L“
for -that—-it can afford to. You’ll be a hundred
cases in your ‘pocket. Your -kin say that‘ 
caught usand frightenedus off, see?‘ -You 'can’t
make -$100 any easier, and nobody’ll know anythiii -'»
about it ~’cept' you and us.” ‘ * r g ‘  1

“Not on your‘ life, you rascal’! I’m going.
turn you” over to the constable of the. village,’-”‘

“You” regret it if you do.” . /

“Will I? Don't you worry about that.” ;

>“W_e’v1,l, remember you, and get back’ at you ,
it takes years.” , , ‘ r L . ’

“If. you get what's coming to you it will be
good while before you get the chance to make any
more «trouble. Come out of that now and=l§ac1r
up against the wall yonder. Keep your hamlg
away from your pockets, too‘, or you’ll get hurt;
I’m not going to let you draw a gun on me i‘
I can help it. Hold your handsupj both of you!’-’
. J oe looked like a boy who meant business, and
as he had the law ‘on his side the crooks recog
nized that he would be justiﬁed in shooting‘them_
in self-defense if they attempted to resist. ,5

Reluctantly they raised their arms above ‘their
heads -and backed up against the wall not’ fat‘
from the telephone apparatus, where a riv_at’e
wire connected with Mr. Carter’s home. ee mg-
the two men under his eye and the.,revolver,-‘J’
took down the -receiver with his left hand. ‘ I ,
moment he did so the telephone bell in the laws
yer’s chamber rang out. It awoke him at on
and he sprang out of bed. ’ He knew that the,sifg‘-
nal camefrom the bank. .

— “Hello!” he said.  ‘ ,

“Come to the bank at once,” replied Joe. “I"
caught two burglars. .Bring Constable Greene
with you.” » y , _;

The boy heard the banker utter an exclamation;

“Caught two burglars!” he exclaimed in a tone
of astonishment. ‘

_‘.‘Yes, sir. I’ve got them under my revolver at
this moment.” " . , A
“They gotiintothe bank, then?”

“Y
“Howe” .

3*

   

gation as things stand. ‘They came on me ‘_
awares and knocked me out.” ~ "
“They did! Then how ” « , ,
“When I recovered I found myself tied to 
chair in front of the time-clock. How longgfg
been unconscious I couldn't tell you, but it,.musl;'.

outside door of the safe open and were wet,
on the inner one.” .- g . _ 
“The dickens!” ejaculated the lawyer. - .
“I managed to free myself from the ,ci'1air~
drew my revolver and tackled them justvas the"
ot at the money: I caught them at a. disag
vantage, and now I’ve gotthem lined up ~:.- =
the wall.” , , * ; «
“My gracious!” ’ v V‘ 
“When you reach the bank with there” : :.
you must look for the place by which the .19
entered, for~I o§.n’t take the chanceof , o
my aﬁtention fromtllemslong enonghypoto, '

 

    

“F11 be over to the bank with Mr. Greene as
_ as possible. Are you sure you can hold your
soners till we come?” .’-
.§)’gn’t you worry about that. Ive got them
’‘‘.Good!’ And then the lawyer said_ “Good—by
and hung up the receiver. _
Never for a moment while he was talking over
' wire did Joe take his attention off the two
5 g.6;o_ks. He knew betterthan to g'ive.them the
i ightest chance to turn the tables on_ h_;m._ After
hung up the receiver he faced his. prisoners-
atisﬁed that they could not _brib_e_ him they
"elded to the inevitable and maintained a sulky
_  Time slipped by and early dawn gradu-
lly. lightened up the sky in the east. The sun
as due to rise about ha1f—past four, and it ap-
‘aired on time. Fully three—quarters of an hour
‘psed before Joe heard any sounds in the neigh-
hood. .Then he noticed footsteps at the back
the bank. Shortly afterward footfalls Solmded
the basement stairs,‘ and presently Mr. Carter,
allowed. by Constable Greene and one of h1S
eputies, appeared in the room. ,
f‘Where are you, Samson?” shouted the_1aWYe1‘-
Iv-Iere, sir,” Joe answered back. .
hen the young blacksmith heard exclamations
"m the men as they came upon the dismantled
I They lost no time, \however,.1n coming

   
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
       
      
   
 
    
 
         
     
     
     
      
 
       
 
 
       
     

 

, upon my word, you’ve got them: an
mg]-11-;1’." said the lawyer -in a tone of great satis-
aetion, viewing the prisoners critically. “Take
V rge of them, Greene.” ’

{Che constable and his- deputy soon had the
ascals handcuffed, and then Joe was asked to

pe that had secured him to the Chair-

“It was your strength that you got out 01.8
ht ﬁx” said Mr. Carter. “The fellows cut
"oiigh ,the iron shutter in the cellar. It’s a.
e'n'der.‘you didn’t hear them. When “L816 You
.the cellar before they came up0_n YOU?

About an hour previous.” _

‘Did you examine the door and window then?”
‘No, sir. I didn't know there were any. You
‘not mention anything about the cellar, and
had an idei it had no outlet. Itywas very dark
N ‘there, and my lantern didn't throw a very
, «light. I suppose -I’m to blame for not being
‘re particular, but this was my ﬁrst night on
ty-here, and I was not acquainted with the
ding, never having been inside of it before.”

  

 
  

rascals, and that's the main thing,” replied

B?1?3ih1ey’ve done a good, bit of damagewto the

  

  

e

    
  

The directors seemed to _think 
’ "good enough. I did not agree with their
omical ideas. Now I hope this will be an
t lesson that will convince them of the neces-

érn one. V

witlran u to—date safe.”_ . _
; (iartexft oroughly examined the interior of

   

   

   

   
 

 

  ,,;sN,  i,B£i7r;:BLAG:I{S1itIITii~i;'

.the shop, just before seven, and he was- not an’

l,,his tory in detail. He showed the pieces of.

‘Joe?” she said. =

I she said.

tured you it is most remarkable that you were
4 able to get the better of them. You have great‘
"ha-ve noufault to ﬁnd with you. Youcaptured‘ " '

, the bank at night, and I did the best I could to
,gsir.” , 
“That can't be helped- W5 an Old. 0716’ arid,
'ld’long ago have been replaced with a more
of expending a sum suﬂicient to provide the _

safeand was satisﬁed‘ nothing had »'been ,.
‘ iiiit. He realized, -however, that the In-. .

stitution had had a narrow escape, and that but 
for the young blacksmith’s pluck the burglars" ’
would have made a good haul. '
“I have no doubt that the directors will vote , . .. ?~~
you a reward for saving the bank,” said the ’,
lawyer to Joe. " _ - ' _ ‘_
“I don’t expect any reward, sir. I have only 
done what I was hired for,” replied the boy. ;
‘‘That’s‘true; but still you are entitled to some '2’ A
special consideration. for capturing the rascals and

 

V saving the bank funds.”

In the meantime the constable and his deputy ,"?~%
had removed the burglars to the lock-up, a sub- 
stantial brick building adjoining Mr. Greene’s , _
residence, and locked them up in separate cells. ' " 

Early risers had seen the procession, and
learned something about the attempt to loot the
bank. They spread the news, and by six o’clock  ,
there was a small crowd of curious villagers ~ _«
standing in front "of the bank discussing the  ‘
matter. Rulofson heard the news‘ on his way to H 

 

little astonished. .

“Joe was certainly up against it from the
start,” he said.. “But the burglar who gets away‘
with him willrbe a lucky bir.” - g ~

About that time the day porter appeared at the ..
bank to relieve the new night watchman. He had _
already heard that there had been trouble at‘
the bank, but was greatly astonished when he, 1
saw the real state of affairs. He found Mr.
Carter standing guard over the safe. Joe was
away with a message to the cashier that soon
brought that gentleman on the scene. The boy —~.
didn’t come back with him, but went home to. .
breakfast. He had quite an exciting story to tell, 7 ~
Jennie, and the girl listened to him in real astonr.
ishment. ~ ‘ — 7

“So you actually captured the two burglars,

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 

“I certainly did. They’re in the lock-up n'ow.”i ’
“I don’t see how you did it all by yourself,“

“I got the drop on them',,,and neither of them,
dared chance getting a bullet into his body by
making a ﬁght of it.” « - i ‘ b

“You are certainly .a ‘remarkable boy. You are '
always doing something unusual that attracts a.t- - 
tention.”, V
»—“It isn’t my fault.
glars into the bank." »

“Of course youadidn’t;,/but after they had cap-

i diam invite those bur-I 

pluck.
“I simply did my duty. I am hired to protect

that end.” , _
I “I sltolilildbthiiik you did. Everybody in the _vil-
§‘§§uy","you §r§“g’2%?{‘i.g“%’o°‘£Z £3. ‘f’§.‘.?....'£‘.”’5'“““.‘:
1 “vhillgigye fame doesn't amount to a whole lot,”
aug e oe. ,
’ “I think itndoes. It makes you a person of somer
consequence. — i

‘:I’m not hankering after the limelight.” . g

y‘ you ought to get a present from the’ bank for;
saving the money.” i i ~  "
~ ‘,‘I won’t refuse anything that comes my. way
Mr.’ C_arter,said that the directors .would§probs

     

 

 

' so much.”

 

» a,b1y~vote me a reward as an evidence of their
appreciation.” _ .
“You deserve it.”
His experience with the burglars ‘had chased
all his sleepiness away, and Joe d1dn’t feel like
i turning in_ after he had had his breakfast, so he
‘walked-“down to the shop, where’ he was hailed
in a rousing way by Rulofson. _ -
“Just to think of you running against a couple
of burglars the very first night on your new job!
. he said. “Tell me all the particulars."
Joe did so, and before he had _concluded he had

V _ other listeners in the"sh_op. All agreed. that Joe \
' had done a big thing in saving the bank, and

they did not stint their commendation. -It was
ten o’clock when Joe returned to the cottage, and
there he found one of the constable’s deputies
waiting for him.

. v His presence was required as a witness- at the

- examination of the two burglars in the justice’s
biﬁce. Of course he had to go. There was a big
crowd, the overﬂow of those who cogld not bet
inside gathered in front of the oﬁice‘of the jus--
~tice when Joe and the deputy arrived. The young
blacksmith was enthusiastically received, for
everybody knew him, and had heard Of his feat
of captu'ring the two crooks. On the strength of
his testimony’the men were held for trial and or-
dered removed to the country jail in the near-by
town. Then ’Joe was allowed to go home andtake
his much-needed rest. , '

’,CH.aPTER V.-——Walkin,g Into a Trap."

’ ”‘ _. .i . Henry Carter was not pleased to learn that the

young blacksmith had distinguished himself on

my     

, the very first night he stood watch at the bank.‘

In his opinion Joe’s success was just a ﬂuke, and
11% so expressed himself \:;heIJl talking avbﬁuf tlhe
a air to his associates. s oe was a‘ o e oi:
‘more popular a;non_g-the boys thanf the lav}vyer’s
‘°¥%bi.","“Jo3§2"’§eZiéi’.s‘3’d:’i§..i§,f35“ .§.’§..£i‘1‘§§a‘ one
lad, withva grin. ‘ '
“Jealous!” cried Henry. “What! of Joe Sam-
4;”
's0I‘1‘l(es.’’ A - ' it
“What are you talking about?” replied Henry
with a look of disgust. “What is that common
blacksmith to me? You fellows Jmake me ftirleld
the way you rave over him. ust as i e
amounted to anything,” he added with a sneer.
“He’s a blamed good fellow, all right,” said one
of the boys sturdily. »
“You bet he is!” acquiesced another.

‘V  “The finest chap in the village,” chorused a
 «third. ‘ ‘

“I don’t admire your taste,” snorted Carter.
“No, you're sore onehim because you're _ ‘
on.Jennie Rulofson, and she thinks more of him

 «than she does of you,” chuckled one of the boys.

“‘You’re crazy,” replied Henry. “Jennie isn’t
“You’d like to go with her, just the same,”
said another boy tantalizingly.
5 -"Ho! I guess I. could if I.wanted to,” said
Carter loftily. V
 “You~.can’t bluff us that way.
' gjaehas no usefor you."

1.

     
    

/

stuck ‘

We know that V

. to buy a new up-to-date safe.

. also subpoenaed, but Joe was the principakw‘

-had been provided to defend them.

~ «

 

“‘I heard her say that you didn’t know enim
togo in when it rains,” said one of the’ ,
grinning all over his face. ’  I

The boys guyed Carter so muchthat he'ﬁna1I&“ ‘
walked off in a h_u1'f. _ I 5'7 '
 “He think ’cause his father is president 
bank, a lawyer and a politician, that he’s;£bzB*
whole thing himself in the village,” said one’. or
the boys. “But he isn’t by a long chalk. I
care much for him.” ' .  ,_ »

And that was the sentiment of the rest,‘ W11‘
went off talking about Joe and his latest 1? 3’
When the directors of the bank met they 
They also 
at Mr. Carter's suggestion, the sum of $250" ;
Joe Samson for saving the bank from 
looted. The lawyer handed him themoney  '
evening, with the thanks of himself and the otheb
directors, and Joe began to feel like a small‘ -
talist, for he now was worth something over $4@3,. ~

He held his new job for three weeks, .at"thb
end of which time Watchman Smith was able {:6
report for duty, and so Joe returned to the bi ‘
smith shop. He didn't remain very long at ‘ting .
place, for things over which he had no cont"
suddenly removed him from the village and -la‘
ed him among more stirring scenes. He had"héen
back with Rulofson about three weeks when“ 1%
was summoned to attend the circuit court in,»  ,
adjoining town to testify against the ‘baiiﬁg
burglars. Mr. Carter and Constable Greene Ewe”

  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

 

ness against the men.’ They had communica
with their friends in New York and a,law'

The friends of the crooks, however, decid
that it would be much-to the advantage ofvth
accused if the chief witness could be keptfrdg
testifying. So they got up a scheme, the object
of which was to remove the young blacksmith as
a distalnce—-the further the better. An emissari?
of the plotters ‘visited the village to get point
Among other things he learned that the boys»
the village had formed a social club called; $. .
“Night Owls.” All "new members invited to join
had tosubmit to a secret initiation, which 
place at an old deserted mill on the county 
near the freight siding of the D. 3; L. Railroad;

Quite a number of lads had been initiated,’ .‘
in order to encourage more recruits to join 1311
had declared that the ordeal was dead easy,;
that they had a bang-up time. The emiss‘a‘~
learned that, Joe Samson had been invited toj.
the “Night Owls,” that he had accepted, and K
been informed that he would be duly notiﬁed.
the night when he must appear aloneat; the’: ’
mill to be initiated.“ The friends of the csiptca"
bank burglars made up their minds to take
vantage of the chance to, entice Joe Samson
the old mill some night before the one sel
by the “Night Owls” for putting him throug 
three degrees of the club, It was a lonesomersp
after dark, and they ﬁgured that if they 7
get. him there the rest of their plan coul"
easily carriediout. Two nights before the . ,
was to come off Joe was,,,ﬁnishing his supper. war
there came a knock at the cottage doo'r.._~
answered it, and.found a strange boy ...
outside. ‘ . ‘ _ -.  
“ls‘Joe Samson in?" he asked. I

 

 

   

, sifxiisoixr,

   
  

_ an envelope, and then turning on his‘ heel
alking away.

nie carried the envelope to Joe.

— boy ‘left that for you,”_ she said. _ _

" ho’ was he?” asked the young blacksmith,
open. the envelope. ,

never saw him before,” she replied. 
gfoeglanced over theenclosure, which ran as

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 

. - ncient 0i*der of Night Owls Social Club. ..
Joe Samson, gduly accepted applicant for
 niembership, greeting: " ’ '
You are hereby, required to appgear this eves
, at eight o’clock sharp, at the old mill down

. Good Fellowship of the ,Anci'en't‘Order-of Night
-Social Club. Enough said.
“By order of the Master of Ceremonies.”

huckled as he -read it. - .

What is it?” asked Jennie curiously.

..“Read it for yourself,” he replied, tossing her
ea note. » ' v

‘ yo thisis the night you're to be initiafted?”
' ‘said, for Joe had already toldher that he was
ing to join the club. , '
?fLooks that way, doesn’t it?”

V donft. I-prefer to have you a girl.”
“Do you really?” she asked roguishly. ~
i get).  370: were a boy you wouldn t be half
nresing ome.’, .
. ‘didn’t know‘ that I interested
:9 she‘;rep‘l,ie1c1l demulfgly. ‘t ”
:‘Wou .§rZ°ib'11yin§ inzffloeﬁw 1 now.
2%? athallid I alvgays ‘seay yvelzlat I mean."
,.. ys ou you e in res in me.
?‘For' several reasons, one of which is that
» "re the prettiest girl in the village.”
, ‘ ‘_“A’r.en’,t you complimentary?” blushed Jennie,
ﬁﬁtased to death at the compliment. ' j '
1 Another reason, and amore important one,» is
you’re‘. the nicest and best girl I ever met.”
_w, Joe! You know you don’t mean that.”
f I don’t I’m handling the truth- very care-
y then. Now that I’ve told you what I think
you ought to be equally conﬁdential and
I 1 me what you think of me.” I
’“’‘‘Oh; I couldn’t think of ‘doing that," she cried
 5. vividvblush. ,
“Wth not.
id;
8?! ll

you par-

    
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
   

never tell such things.” _ .

’ ‘you make an egcception in my case?”
“No,” ‘she said, shaking her head.

t’s funny. I heard you say __ what you

77

  
  
 
    
 

 

8.
rd
m
:4
«Z
O
N
11
to
>—:

 
 

I , I don’t care the snap _of my "finger ior
) ”~Carter!, He’s too ridiculous for any-

    
   
  

, me, then?” _
' aow;‘-‘Joe, do stopyour teasing!” _
I want to kiiow," he insisted, grabbing
 V . /_ .
'an’t tell you , ything,” she cried, making‘
tomaay =1  ~ ,~s

    

  

   
  

   

  

oad,” to be initiated into the‘ Three Degrees}

‘.‘,/Ivsigppose you'll have great fun. I wish I were i

H I  understand that you care something

‘ v * - , “If yoii don’t tell me'I’l1' do something. dose‘ ,
7ive_.him that note,” said the boy, handing perate,” laughed'Joe. - , ' I ~ l y I ~

“What will you do?”
“I’l1——I’-ll kiss you!”
“Don’t you dare try it!” ‘
"I always accept a dare,” he said, pulling her,
blushing face down and kissing her twice.
She gave a
and ran out into the kitchen. ..
. “I wonder if she’s mad?” thought the young
blacksmith, looking at the clock, and noting that
it was half-past seven. .
But Jennie wasn’t mad at all. Quite the

reverse; for Joe’s cheeky proceeding had made;

her feel very happy. .To tell the truth, the girl
was very much in love with her father’s assistant.
But she couldn’t face Joe after that ordeal, for
she was all in a ﬂutter, so the boy put on his hat
and went oﬁ toward the old mill, with his mind

‘divided ‘between pretty Jennie Rulofson and the
expected initiation he was to undergo at the
hands of the ,members of the “Ancient Order of
Night Owls Social Club,” little dreaming thatin
reality he waswalking into a trap set for him by
the friends of ~ the two bank*robbers.

CHAPTER VI.—-Locked in 9. Freight Car.

The old mill toward which he was making his I

way was a deserted old ruin. Once upon‘ a time,
a long while since, it was a busy place, but that
was before modern methods in the ﬂouring

' industry had put small individual enterprises of
The four walls still‘

the kind out of business. V
held together, for they had been built to last,
and a part of the original roof remained to resist
the entrance of the snow and rain. The ma-

chinery had been taken away and sold for what _
it would bring, so that the mill was simply an '

empty shell that would be pulled down some day

when the present owner of the property found" '

use forthe ground. As Joe approached the edi-—
.ﬁce he expected to be‘ greeted by the assembled’
members oﬁ the “Night Owl" organization. He
was surprised not to see any of them around.

The mill was silent, and apparently deserted. .
' “Maybe they’re hiding somewhere inside, and 5-.

are counting on‘ confusing me by a sudden rush,”
he thought.
prise, not if I know it.’ \ ,

Reaching the entrance of the building he paused
and looked in. It was-as darkas pitch, and there
was not a sound.

9

“Maybe I've‘ got here ahead of the bunch,” he i

thought. “Still it’s close on to eight o'clock, the
hour appointed.”

He stepped into the dark room. , As his footfalls
resounded on the bare planking a sepulchral voice
suddenly exclaimed from beyond a door that led
into an entry: ‘ ’

“Advance, applicant for membership in our
ancient and social order of Night Owls! Advancei
without fear, and be initiated into the first’
degree.” '

The voice ceased, and was followed by a chorus
of loud groans’ produced. by the three ‘men’ who

‘were lying in. wait for their victim. Joe chuckled“ 2
as he strode forward toward theinner door. . ~
 prepamd to be

    

roughly handled, i am _’ he

,- l

 

ittle scream, broke away from himi

 

 

 

 

“Well, they won’t take me-by sur~V- I

  
  
    
    
   

    

guessed he could stand it. He had no idea of put-
ting "up any resistance, as his strength would
, easily have enabled him to do. He didn't believe
' v,his boyish friends would go to any extremes,
‘though it was possible they might treat him more
strenuously than usual because of his strength.
. So he -walked up to the door and then halted on
the threshold. He peered through, but could see

nothing. - V

» “Pass o 1” said the sepulchral voice.
Joe expected something to happen. Something
I ‘ did happen, but not what he was looking for. He
" ' received a terrible blow from a heavy ﬁst on the
/jaw that stretched him half dazed on the ﬂoor.
" Before he recovered from the effects of it he was
bound, hand and foot and gagged, and hauled to
one side. The perpetrators of the outrage then
left him lying in the entry, as helpless as a pig
ltrussed up for market. When Joe recovered the

 

eat the rough-house greeting he had received. The
’ terrible clout on the jaw he had got he thought,
was carrying things a little too far.

“I wonder what they take me for-—a punch-
ing hag?” he growled; “Don't they think I have
any feeling? If this‘ is a specimen of the ﬁrst
degree, I wonder how rough the second and third

- will be? I’ll have to call them down. I wonder
. '.where they have gone to now, and what they’re
 up to?” r '
. While Joe was waiting for the rest of his initia-
’ V. tion the threemen who had captured him were
standing outside in the gloom. '
‘ ~— “He fell into the trap very neatly,” chuckled
‘the leader of the triumvirate. “He is now our
, meat, and all we have to do is to get him safely
= aboard that loaded freight car bound for Chicago,
wand the‘ business is done.” ’
"‘We are not yet sure there is any room in the
‘car for him,” said one of the other two.
I I “’We’ll.make room if there isn't. We’ll go over
to the siding now and make our preparations.
"The agent has gone home and there’s -‘no one
around-. We can easily remove the seal so that it

 

 
  
 
  
      
    

can detach the padlock.”

. “How_ long do you suppose it will take the car
‘ftoreach Chicago?i’ . . H

'_ “I couldn’t tell you, but I guess it will get there
inside of a week. We have provided a bagful of
grub for him that, should last him that time, at
least.”

" "“By»leaving one of his arms free, as We’ll have

to, he will probably be able to release himself

   
     
      

to attract attention. If one of the train crew
should hear him he’ll be let out, and that -might
_ queer our plan. I think one of us ought to be
-'_locked in with him to keep him quiet, and make
sure that he gets to Chicago.”

A‘ , you’re welcome to. Johnson, and -me’ll lock you

‘chuckled the leader, whose name was Benson.

’ , "‘You’re blamed kind, I don’t think. My idea
iséthat we should draw lots to see’which of us
undertakes the job,” replied Fisher.

 The other two objected to _takin'gany chances
f-fbeing the boy’s jailer. in the «freight car. , .
Oh,,»well, if~you’don’.t care to do .the. thing fair

,1

     

” sA‘MsoN,' .*rIIE“13‘oYj-"stACKsMrrH

fulluse of his ‘senses. again he was a bit angry ’

‘loaded with freight. ' .

, ing it forward. .

‘and then barricade him in with these boxes.

~ the boxes away to reach the door.”

* can be replaced, and with our instruments we‘

after a while, and then he’ll pound on the door '

_‘If you’d like to undertake the 5.013, Fisher,“

-Iinf with him with all the pleasure in the world,” -

‘time a suspicionthatx _a ' rd

We’ll call the matter off. I ain't goin’ to

goat for you two. If the boy gets out of.*the‘: ,
and comes back to make things hot’ for Bill
Jim you can blame yourselves for it,” said Fishmﬁ
in a grouchy tone. , » ‘
“He won’t get out, I guess. till he’s a long ,'
from these diggings,” said Benson. “There 1
any need of one of us going with him.” ‘
“All right. I-lave~it your own way. ‘I,’ 3?
5

 

offered the suggestion.” ‘ f;
.“Come on. We’ll go down to the sidin .” 
They started for the tracks of the D. dzii 1'03

and a walk of ﬁve minutes brought them to th

deserted siding, where half —a dozen freight 
were drawn UP: Waiting to be attached to,‘, , _
night freight that was due to come that‘wa§tg~3

between eleven and midnight. One ofithe ' "ii;

    
 
  
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
    
 

was ticketed to,;Chicago, and this one had ,b,,
picked out for sending Joe Samson away in. Z 
leader of ‘the trio took an instrument out of 5
pocket and speedily removed the car seallpfrom
the door. Another implement made’ short W
of the ‘padlock. The men then shoved back’: _ _
car door and found that it was about two-thi

- “There’s lots of room for him in there,” ‘i ’
Benson, glaring about in the darkness of; the ,
“I’ll tell you what We’ll do,” he added, as if
idea had just struck him. ‘ '

“What?” asked one of his companions.~
“You see there’s quite a space in thefcen.
of the car,” he replied, ﬂashing a match and It

‘‘What about it?” , i '
“We’ll put him in there with his bag‘ of

only one hand at liberty he won’t be able to p’
“Good idea,” said Fisher. * =
Benson pushed the door to and they ‘w‘a~

leisurely back to the mill. In the meantime“

waited with growing impatience for the rest
the initiation to proceed. ~ ‘ , _
“What in’ thunder are the chaps waiﬁng or
he growled, when ten minutes had elapsed. “» .,_.
don’t they ﬁnish up? ‘~.I’m‘ getting tired ofij

Enough is as good asa feast any time.” {.
Nobody came, however, and Joe got tired 35

lying all bound in the dark, so he startedjt

and free himself. He soon discovered _th,a’t~
many loops of the rope had been bound aroun »

arms for his strength to have any eifect on '1;

It looked as if he had to stay tied until‘; relea

_Finding that he couldn’t do anything, he ti.

and waited with the best grace he. could.’ 

three gnen remained away half an hour. ..'I‘

Joe heard their footsteps in the outer room,“

supposed the boys were coming back to go. on,-

the performance.« The leader of the three c‘

to the .d.oor"and ﬂashed a match into the entry‘;

see if the prisoner was where they hadleft. . ’”

When the light ﬂared up and disclose '
man’s- face and ﬁgure Joe was a bit surprise
supposed it was a villager. who had comet

mill for some purpose. He;expected.to~»be

diately released.’ The stranger, however,,in

of aiding him, turned, on his heel -and‘,
away, and .Joe heard, the threeiellovzs ‘ta
low tones in the "next room.  Then, for" '

     
     
     
      

 

  
  

  

      
 
  

   
    
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
    
  
  
    
 
   
 
  

  
  

  
     

 

 toidawn on his mind. As the moments passed
éilﬁayand the men continued -their‘ conversation
‘Q7u'tside,"-‘Joe felt more and more certain that they,
‘not his boy friends, were atvthe—bottom- of his
predicament.» If so, whatcould be therr obgect?

As Joe wasn’t a mind-reader, he couldn’t guess. v

7 ‘An hour’elapsed, and then the leader of the
senemers said it was time for them to ﬁnish the
job. "Accordingly, the three men entered the
entry. and Benson lighted a match to throw a

‘little light on the_ proceedings.” Without a word ..

the other ‘ two grabbed Joe by the feet and
shoulders andlifted him from the ﬂoor. The pro-
ééssion ‘then’ left the mill and started for the
‘railroad. Joe, as he was carried along, wondered
whom he was being taken, and what was the
meaning of it all. ‘At length they reached their
destination and came up to the car. Benson had
‘closedi the door tight, but they now found it open
about an inch. ‘ .
L (‘I'm sure I shut that car door," he said, look-
g-around suspiciously. ,
"7 “I5 guess you‘ thought you did,”- replied one of
the other two who had laid Joe down. ’ . 
“I know I did, for I put the padlock back. Now
here is the padlock hanging loose and the door
open an inch or more.” '

 "‘Well, take a look inside and see if any one is

in there. It’s . not likely, though, unless some
‘amp has come this way and is thinking of steal-
g"a ride.” - ‘ V ' , .
The leader pulled the door open and jumpedjin.
Striking ,a match, he looked around the open
‘space in the car, but there was no one there.‘
I,.“It’s all right,” he said. ‘fWhoever monkeyed
Wiﬂl’ the padlock didn’t get in the ‘car to Stay;
* and after I have ﬁxed the look again he won’t‘be

V "able to get in if he comes back with that inten-
‘ tic ‘ 7! ’ .

n. ,
“The speaker ordered his comphnions to lift the
,gli:isoner into the car, which they did, and then he
. ‘agged Joe back into the corneﬁ The bag of
‘* food which Benson’/had brought along was tossed
1n,»and he put it down beside the boy.
..“Now, young fellow, you’re bound out West for
he-good of your health,” he said_ to Joe. “You’ll
ﬁnd..g,rub,enough to last you in that bag. I’m
, ing to release your right arm so you can get
_‘t_ it when you’re hungry. There’s a couple of
dirt bottles of water, so you needn’_t go thirsty.
ﬁt‘ can take the gag from your mouth yourself.
Sorry I ain't got time to explain why we’re send-
’g you on this journey, but it wouldn’t do you
any good to know." -
"The speaker then partly released .Ioe’s arm so
~= a’ little effort‘ on his part would ﬁnish the job,
then left him. He then proceeded to barri-

‘ his shoulder, after which he rejoined his com-
nions outside,‘ closed the car door and replaced
. , padlock. V i
 ‘ff-Ie’s safe enough now,” he said in a tone of
ﬁxisfactio . “He won’t appear at the trial the
" ‘after tomorrow, and Bill and Jim’ll get the
eﬁt ‘of his absence. _»I think we’ve worked this
ter to the queen's taste.” _ xi 7 ‘ I
lie’-ithree men then walked away, and were
‘ thevgloomx 1 ‘ ' l " '

~ entirely outof the_ ropes.

V CHAPTER VI,I.——Danny,-the-Tough Wai£;~V.._' ,

Joeiwas paralyzed by the wordsof. the leader
of the plotters, which could not be called_an.ex—

planation, but merely a hint of what was in pcr- I

spective. -

'“I’d like to know what reason those men‘ ve ‘

for treating me this way,” he muttered, making

no effort to complete the loosening of his arm, so ’, _

staggered was he by the situation. “Theymust

have mistaken me for somebody else they hold» a I I

grudge against. And yet that can’t be, for that
note was clearly intended for me.
didn’t get much of a look at those men, I’m satis-

’ ﬁed I never met them before. Why should they.“

ha.ve anything against me? I wonder if this is
a put-up job of Henry Carter’s? I-Ie’s down on
me in the worst way, mostly on J ennie’s account.
Surely he hasn’t got the nerve to engineer such

a trick. Yet he’s got money to pay for having me '

carried away from the village, and he's mean

enough to _do most anything. Well, as far as I ' V

can make out, the aifair is a great mystery. I'll.

giveiit up and see what I can do to help myself I

out of the scrape.”

He started in to get.his right arm free. This :

gave him no great trouble. With one arm free.he
laughed at the idea of his kidnapers supposinghe
could not free himself entirely.

“I could do it even without a knife, but myfi

jackknife will help matters along,” he said, put-W
ting his hand in his pocket.

Had the knife been in his left pockethe couldn’t 

have reached it. In a couple of minutes he was-

and the car was as dark as‘ pitch. He knew,

however, that the man who had dragged him’ into :
wit boxes of? '

the corner had walled him in
freight. Feeling his way around -t e enclosed.
spot where he was conﬁned he located the barri-/V
cade of “fairly heavy boxes Benson had built" up
to keep him in. Bracing himself as well as he,

could, he gave the top box a shove. It slid outof ‘

place and fell on the ﬂoor of the car with a
crash. A second box followed with likeresult.

As he was about to shove a third box over he was i .
startled by hearing a voice up in the air behind *

him exclaim:
“Hully gee!
dynamite?”
are you?”
Who are yer, cully?” .
f‘I asked you the question ﬁrst,” replied ‘Joé.
At‘ that moment the night freight rumbled up
the track and stopped. The locomotive and sev-
eral cars were detached, went to the head of the
siding where the switch was thrown open, and
then backed down to the freight wrs waiting‘to
be attached to the long train. The section of the

train that was backing down slammed into the .

standin cars in the customary reckless fashion,
of freig t cars when making up, andthe jolt not
.only knocked Joe backward off his feet, for he
was not looking for a collision of the kind, bu_t.—it
dislodged the unknown stranger from his »per'ch

"above, and he tumbled into fhe hole between the

frei ht, landing heavily on too of. th yo 
blacismith, I 4 g . /’ ‘e  uh“

Although ‘I L

He héd no matches, .

Wot’s dis? Is de car loaded wit’ .

“Hello!” cried Joe. “Who are you, and-wheres‘

_ “Dash me buttons, if dere ain’t’somebody in ,
de car!

 .I~M'

diet of hishoots hit Joe a crack on his head,
nd Iwhatwith the shock of it all the boy from

.Blackheath village was put out of business for a

me._ The tough occu ant of the carscrambled
on his feet and then fe t of Joe.
”“Hully gee! If I didn't knock him silly fallin’

I :1 him! 'If I’d hit the floor instead of him I’d

aye busted me snoot or knocked me brains out.
I s wot I call bein’ lucky. He's a boy like

Jneself, only bigger, an’ I s'pose dat he crawled

nhere like meself to swipe a ride} I must see
wot kind of lookin’ chap he is.” I

The tough boy felt in his pocket for a match,

ijustias the locomotive started ahead, and as a

fconsequence he tumbled backward, hitting his’
‘..he’a'd— a crack on the floor.

1“Oh!” he‘ ejaculated. “Dis here is travelin’
nder diﬁiculties. Wot a knock I got dat time!”
,'He lighted a, match and surveyed the young
lacksmith. «
“Bust me if he ain't quite a gent! Nary a
ag about him. He don't look like de chaps wot
beat deir way ’tween towns ’cause dey ain’t got

ldelprice. He ought to have pickin’s on him. But

en when he comes to, if he ﬁnds I’ve been

rough his clothes, he might lick me- He’s big

enough to do it. I reckon dat I Won’t take no

=ehan‘ces;’’

; gﬂlust then the forward section, with the cars
froln the siding, bumped into the rest of the train

0:; the main track, and the tough lad fell all over _

himself again. _
‘,«‘fDey ain’t doin’ a t’inIg to us in here- I'll be as
x$o,I'e_,.as a bile after dis trip.;. Lwonder wot’s in
Idat;bIag‘.7” in V , . V 5 . ~
,fI*Ie struck another match, looked into the bag,
‘and saw that it contained several packagesiof
miackers,‘ two-‘loaves of breadpandia paper of
sliced—-cooked ham, together with two milk bottles
‘all of water. ‘I , ,- ,/ , , , u ‘ ’
i.“Bl,ow me if he ain’t.perIvided himself wit’ grub
ough for a week. Wot luck! I’/ll help meself,

nd,deIn gitback to me perch before he gets on to 4

met . . . »  -
2 :,’I‘he.tough boy helped himself to a. good share
of the food and took oneof the bottles of water.
Then he climbed up to his hiding place on top of
e freight. By this time the train had started
ahead for the next station, a runof twenty miles.
At the rate it traveled it would take two hours
"jcover the distance. The tough lad‘ made a

good meal and put the surplus away for another :

tI‘une.,' Long before the train reached its next
stopping point he was asleep. Joe continued to
? er .un,c,onscious Ionithe ﬂoor of the car. About
t11ree.in- the morning he recovered his senses an_d
.$at;gup., “Thetrain was gliding along at about
elve miles anxhour. . . — i t \
r‘,‘Lord, what a tumble I got! And then a’ big
indie of freight fell on topﬁof me,~and that’s
je’ last I remember.» Now the car appearsto’ be
11 the move, and I'm being carried off against

~. my Will. 1;! must get out‘of<this place and make

.  back to thelvillage. I Wonder what time

heife~ waslno way,  which he could ﬁnd out

Re time, so he had to take it ‘out/in guessing. 

nyiel remember there was somebody in the

From*'th,e tone ofph

zth.~'me.v Heemust be-.1 ‘ngrfoni topof. the f
 l»he.arvea?e.d

I;

to be some boy tramp who is beating his way‘

the railroad. He's somewhere back/Ithere..‘s_He
nothing to me, but _still poor company is betté
thanhnonle ‘iillnthe train stops, when I’ll give th
car t e s a e. _ I ‘ ,- ’
Joe sang out to the person he judged was lying,
on top of the freight, but received‘ no ansyye, '
The tough lad was sound asleep, and didn't he
him. He called a second time, and then gay

it up. -
“Maybe,he’s left the car,” he thought.  7 ‘
Leaning his = back against theafreight, 

thought, over his unpleasant experience of .1:

night,»and tried once more to reason the can‘
of it out. Finally, the lateness of the hour, 
lonesomeness of his situation, and the. stead
clickety-clack of the wheels under,neath,_ .0‘

spired to make him drowsy, and in a little. -wh

he, too, was fast asleep.- He woke with a start
to ﬁnd the train still in motion; but ‘a dim so,
of twilight in the car told him that morning 

. dawned. He could see objects pretty clearly now

and his gaze ﬁrst lighted on the barricade,’ had
of which he had broken down. IHe got up 
looked around. Then it was he encountered th
eyes ‘of- the tough lad looking [down at him. 
“Hello, cull! How yer £eelin’?”l asked, tl).
stranger. i _ ’ v « - — I
“How are you feeling yourself?” .
“Wit’ me ﬁngers, when I touch
grinned the lad. = ‘ I

Ianyt’Iin3

:‘What are you doing up there?” I_ 
;:%“;a.ll:c:n;n1-,lv1;I;%§ easy. Who are -yer, anyway?
-“Dat’s what I said.” ‘ , . _I . ' V ‘
 a boy, lik§ygur’se1f, only Im not a tramp
wic youseem o e. _~
“I ain’t no tramp. I'm a, young gent;
travelin’ dis waybecause de stationgagent couldn
ghange one of me numerous t’ousand dollar, bills
e‘E‘a\.7Vhat’sv your name?” i ~ I ,.
“Me name’Is_ (granny Mann, and I’m'de'son. o
Mist1ertMan&1, president 01‘: de roa_.d.t I"
wan o or er ou me priva e ‘car, 3es to» o
few miles, so I took dis freight car. See?”
“Yes, I see you’re a kidder.” ’ i _ _
“Wot’s your name, and where are yer goin
an“'I1‘§Y iI;11:1m<=;chisnJIoeaSa1:i;i<:n; and I’m not goi
. ur er a c n . : ' :
“Wot yerﬁmean by dat?” 
“I mean I’m going to leave this car at the‘?! 1
chgiiiigi for?" I I I 7 * I 
I “Because I don’t :_care to ride any further ’th_

. is absolutely necessary.” .

.“Is dalﬁso? Wot didyer get aboard for, ‘d
“Because I couldn’t‘help myself.” 1 ;
“How is dat?’,’-asked’ Danny Mann, withsIoI
interest. , . A I ;-' y I W
; “I was captured by three men,'who boun

gagged me, and then» brought me..down“~toI

railroad siding, where they dumped.me_into
car, expecting‘ that I, would be carried“out
“Is -dat a» fact?” -‘said the tough boy in 58.
gf %stonishment.. “Wot did dey. treat yer da
or.’ 3.  M ‘
“I couldn’t‘tell you. AllI’I know.“abouIt. iayt,-ii
it seems A have been a puteup Job’ to ‘ I
away froin the ‘villageafh 5 I  I-* ‘
. ,u1W°t, vﬂlagegra « — ,

 lackheath." '. . _ _ ” *
‘Dhte”’s where yer live, is it?
‘I (iafought yer didn’t look as if Ye!‘ W315 used
be'atin" yer Way on de railroad. Say, dat bag
b don't b’long to youse, den?”
" “What bag of grub?” _,, X
» ‘Dere’s a bag of bread an‘ meat an crackers,
15’ a bottle of water, down in dat corner. If yer
oin’=to leave de car yer better t’roW'1t UP t0 me-‘
%'en'I’1l be able to ride as far as de car goes,

? If yer arm’: goin’ to use it yer won’t
I live on it fust rate.”
. “-You can have it. Why don-’t you (101118 d0W11
‘ idstretch yourself?” . K
Danny Mann thought the_suggest10n 1% 800d
so he descended from his perch. _
Where" are you bound Jfor, Danny?” continued

4.70 ~ l ‘. ’ A -
 “Nowhere in \pertic’]ar. .. Jest» changin’ me

‘ stampin’-ground, dat’s all.”

“Haveh’t you any home?” . -
“Nix.” j _ '
“Then you’re -akind of waif?”

“Wot’s dat?” .

“Oh, a person that’s out on the world, without

any relatives or friends to look after him. That’s»

what‘ I was when I struck the village where I
'5). -

“bier don’t say? Den youse haven’t no folks‘,
ider?” K r . I .
“Not a relative in the world that I know of;

I’ve made, 9. lot of good “friends at the vil-.

’ ge. . .
Wot, do yer work at?” ‘ _ _ i
.‘‘I’m learningthe blacksmith business." '
“Do yer like dat?” -
'?‘It’s good enough till I can better myself.”
V “Den yer don’t intend to be a blacksmith all de
' e?" V » .
_‘fI' hope not.” * :'_ .
f‘Wot would yer liketb be—pres1dent of dis
road?” grinned Danny. ' _
I wouldn’tr,mind; or president of the village
pk. By the way, I saved the bank from being
' bed about six weeks ago.” . ,
0? How did yer do-it?” asked Danny
Va'_tone of interest. 5 . ‘ _
Joe told him the,s_tory' of the aﬁair. _ '
They’re goingxto be tried tomorrow atDarien,
’s' the county seat, a good-sized“;-town, about
:2 miles‘ from Blackheath. I’ve got totestify
inst them.”

I s’pose dat’s one of de reasons why yer want"

g . _ ’t know de gazabos wot kid-
 ed yer ‘aboard

o, I never saw them before. ‘I'm certain

don’t belong to the village.”

K aybe dey/re friends of de crooks wot’s goin’”

Fbentried, an’ dey want to git yer out_’r de
_ "A suggested the tough boy, unconsciously
‘~‘ng:1he nail on the head. :* I I .

y; George!” exclaimed Joe. “I.wou1dn’t be
rised» if you were right. A -I have been wonder-
~‘ \ tthis €;it>"11’p oncme, as they nly person

ho doesn t
ch _

“It looks dat way to me when YET S3Y’d3’t
never seen de fellers before.” V ‘ ‘ —_

At that moment there sounded a long whlst
from the locomotive, and the freight train bega‘
to slow down.

. “The. train is going to stop, so I’m_ off,” saisli"
Joe. “Good—by, Danny. Glad, to have met you.‘ _I

wish you luck on your journey.”
‘ “Same to youse.
wit’ me, for I’d like to have yer comp’ny.”~

Joe crawled over the remains of the barr1ca«_de,‘I
walked to the door, through the chinks ofiwhxc

the daylight shone, and tried to open it by push

ing it back. But it wouldn't budge. He exerted»
all his strength on it without avail.

“My gracious!” he exclaimed. “I’m lucked mi".

CHAPTER VIII.—The Railroad Wreck.’ . "

A on an’ snapped it, an’ we’re bot’ locked in’

fair.” ‘
“Well, I’m going to get out if I have to smash
the door.” , ’
“I t’ink I see "yer smashin’ dat door,” grinned
Danny. “Yer couldn’t do it no more danpyer
could ﬂy. I know wot dem doors is.” ‘-
Unnoticed by theboys, the locomotive had rbeen
letting off a succession of shrieks thatdindica _
something unusual in the wind. The train came
to a rather abrupt stop, and as it did so another
shrill whistle, apparently fromanother locom'o,+
tive, sounded ahead, and as Joe started to ‘pick
up one of the boxes to launchit at the end:of»t~h
door where the padlock was there came a tree
mendous shock. The string of »cars smashed
against one another, and many of them rose-
the air, like horses vaulting a fence, while othe
keeled over on either side of the track. ‘ f ‘
The one in which Joe and Danny were’ conﬁn
was twisted around sideways and one side part"
' The boys were thrown upwardagaii
the roof while the freight fell around them in a
heap. Fortunately“ the heavy boxes slid .u'nde'£
them, or they would have been subjects for,

I coroner's» jury." As it was, they were so badly

knocked around that neither remembered a thin

-for many hours afterward. Joe was the ﬁrst»

come to ‘his senses. He found himself lying undo
and among a‘ number of I crates of light .wooden-
Jwarti which was produced at a factory in Black

ea . ..
The scene of wreck and confusion around 
was indescribable. Part of the roof of the ca

‘ above his head-was smashed open, and the .-sun

shine, poured down into the car. At ﬁrst he 

 dazed and bewildered at the chaotic _stat'e_—~-of

things but as his mind straightened out he re-
alized that there had been a collision on the-
and that the freight train had apparentlyca

“ it h9«1‘d- ~ He’ was at .ﬁrst afraid to move,

fear ‘ of bringing [a lot 05 ‘the. crates down
him;'but ﬁguring that he ''couldn’t lie ther
deﬁnitely, he,bega_n to_“bestir._ himsel with

Sorry yer .vain’t goin’ .’1on‘g'/.

 ' isﬁﬁisou,

“Is ‘crushed: at ‘the bottom of‘ all?

freight‘? From the looksof things I. think
had amighty fortunate escape.
o-have been hurt at all?" - 
_ ~Gr_adually he worked himself free of the‘crates

.ti~}l'-he got on his knees. Then he lifted himself.
nd looked around. to see if he could locate his '

ornpaiiion. In a few minutes he saw -Danny.in
a hole formed by three arching crates. By lifting
the,top one he -believed he could release the
:1; It was no easy job to lift that crate. It

could»-rnove them around on their base. 9

 Joe, however, as the reader knows, was much -

l."s;bo.ve the average man in general strength,~a.nd
conscious of the fact, he tackled the top crate
with the determination to force it aside so he
could get at Danny and pull him out.
’uncture the tough boy came to his senses and
eaiized that he was in a bad predicament. He
had not ‘been hurt beyond sustaining a number
of bruises, but he could no more escape -from
his pen unassisted then heicould ﬂy. Glancing
 he caught sight of Joe looking down at
im.
;‘'Help me out,” he said eagerly. i

1.-.,‘"I‘hat’s what I’m
Hurt any? , ~

I’m dat sore I ‘feel like a bile all

over,” answercd,the youth. “Kin youse move
dat "big crate? I don’t t’_ink yer kin. It would
take a mighty strong geezer, to glp it, I'm t’inkin’."
’ “Well,4you watch me, Danny. _I’m Samson, the
;St_rong Boy,” replied Joe with a laugh. \

H

Bracing himself in the wreckage, Joe got a '

-hold on the crate, and though‘ it iweighed over
559 pounds, he actually lifted it. an inch or two
from its resting place and shoved it a foot away.
7_“‘Gee! Dat can't be as heavy as I t’ought,"
said Danny. “If it wuz yer couldn’t have done
dat nohow.” <
, “It’s heavy enough,’ Danny, don’t you worry.
Now look out that something don’t fall on you‘,
for Ifin going to shove it further over.”
‘ _O_i_ice more Joe’ got a grip on the crate, lifted
it and puslied.it away.‘ He judged that hexhad
iioade an opening large enough to lift the tough
y ou '. e - . M
‘Yer’ll have to push it‘fu‘rder over," boss,"
'said~,Danny. “I can’t crawl out’r dere nohow.
I 'ai”n’t-got no room to work meself in.” '
 "Do you see that arm, Danny?”vsaid Joe with
a smile. V . , , ’
“Sure t’ing! Do yer t’ink I’m blind, cully?”
“Well, I’m going to haul
Q“«Yer only t’ink'yer are.”

l a Joe _reached down, secured a hold on Danny’s
' .collar,'' and began to haul.

—“Hully gee! Youse are pullin’ me~j’ints out’r
placel”. howled the boy.
.“Are you stuck?’ asked Joe, easing up. ‘
“I' reckon dat I_am. Me foot is caught.”
>Danny. tried, ,and ﬁnally succeeded‘ in‘ disen-
gaging his foot. .
’ve got it out,” he,said.
'£}hen Joe got a fresh purchase, andihauled
. Up came the boy like a case of goods
gh the_hatch -of a vessel. ‘ ’

hereagou are,” 2 said Joe, landing him on the

it?‘

THE: soar ‘ iéﬁioksmrni . 

I don’t seem '

, taken two men to place each of the*ci_‘ates‘
 in the car, though one man of average strength.

At that ’

going toﬁdo, Danny. ‘_How‘

you out with that.” I

w i to -getthjis ca:-'ihi—=the
, ain't got’ more ‘

muscleldan I t’o'ught.‘  as stron as
two men. .W.ho’d?r :t’oizght »yer‘coulcl.: do at-?

v“Now, Danny, I guess we can make ouriesaalrl 

through that hole in the roof. At any rate y .
can, if I can’t.” '

He gait/e thetough youth‘a»boost-,-1and"D__a,n'n§$ V

«.

scrambled out .into_the open air. . , .,
“Bully gee!” hecried as he viewed the seen
of the catastrophe. “Wot a smashuplv’-" »' '-
Joe stuck his head out and took a look. Su
9. scene. of ‘devastation he had never seen
fore in his life.‘ A passenger train, runnin ’'
a special, ‘had crashed into the‘ freight’ owin
some error on the part of the-train dispalscher
and dire results had followed. The locomot"
of the’ special had climbed, tendervand hag"g-a”
car, on top of the locomotive and the ﬁrst freigﬁe
car, and then the bunch had, gone over- on’
side. Part of the freight train was deraileda
Jumbledvup, ybutonly one passenger coach’ of/.1; '
special, the smoker, had suffered to‘ an‘ gr
extent. The second coach had partly teescop
the smoker, while the four drawing-roomlc
that had not been injured; had been ‘hauled back
to Jordan, a town a few miles backyby a" lo
motive sent to the scene of the accident.
wrecking train stood on‘ the up track, and a la

during which time J oe_and Danny hadmemairl‘ l
unconscious -in the freight car. Jo_e~found 
the hole wasnt large enough for him to get 5
broad shoulders through, so he exerted himself‘
133.3" ‘i)§’Xn‘°ifi2§‘?‘”i?’i "‘i.‘~""“b"i the 3.31
. y ‘ o e p im, u e c
do anhything. I Flglally‘ Joe got-the hole wid
enoug , and c am ered out on the car roof. $75
“‘37Ve’d better tglet lfiway fr€m_h'erte6 011.; tllie 
roa men may’ in we’re tying s ea'”som
thing,” said.Joe. -. y - V ’ .
They made their way to theground wi pu‘
trcliuble 3361 17%/'\i_thiou%‘. attragtirélg iattentiontto itlilegﬂi
se ves. a -ing orwar , e_ came w r
several men were trying to lift a ﬂat gar, and
it did not requ_ire_the use of a" derrick as’-.m‘
teﬁsfstociiﬁ. ‘Still it was a little too much ‘of
JO or _egang. _ * z. ‘_ 
f “I’ll give you\a lift,” volunteered Joe to
oreman. .
“You!” laughed the man.
’a boy, and are no use at all.
“That so?” replied Joe.
whether I am or not.’’/ ,
He seized hold of the extreme end of the
and- ‘shouted: “Now, then, all _ together 
more. ,- — -
The men tugged, and so'did Joe. The,
ofhtlietiuck rosle abfoolt, and the foreman a
a e per astene to oc it in t at position. ,
“Upon my word, you are a. corker!” said M
foreman, with _an_ accent on the““;a.i-e," and
g%?é‘.f§tﬁ‘oid’§“§3l‘§é‘ :i.:iw- You 
s . i » ,
1l‘?'t:'oi1’re }sac’iisfIi1ed/know I can__do something at
a. augeteoy. - 
* I‘/Yes. I'll take back what I said. ,I_’d, like
hilfrfi you to help us out. * I'll give yous. co
ooars.’ ‘ '* 
“No,” repiieduioé, “in: in a’ hurt to,
, but ,if,you’1l give me half‘a_dol1ar fill
‘tr§¢k7?’,- 

,",“\Vhy, you're 0'

“Let ,me show  

‘ “You shall have it."

   
    

  

tes ithe job was done, the money. paid, and
nd Danny on their ‘way to the town ahead.

The boys had a ten-mile walk before them to
ch the town of J ordain As it was nearly noon,
pd .they~were botli quite hungry, not having had
"y, breakfast, the prospect of such a long walk
on. empty stomachs was not particularly inviting.
" “Maybe we’ll strike some house where we can
-a meal each for that half dollar I earned,”

_. I hope so,” replied Danny. “Me stomach
like a balloon—it’s full of emptiness. I could
_ most a‘nyt’in’ dat looks like grub.”

After covering two miles they came to Jordan
er, spanned by a trestle bridge. A track

About eight miles by_rail, but it’s only ﬁve
miles by water,” he replied. ‘ _ _ ”
“.‘We were not thinking of swimming there,
I u hed Joe. “We are hooﬁng» it.” ,

, , See that boat down there that's aground on
,. the bank?”’ I
Yes,” replied Joe.
- was /just talking to the chap_that’s aboard
r. He wanted me to help him get off the
‘mud, but_I couldn't leave the track. _ He’s bound
 Jordan. _You look strong. Go down‘ and
’ r—to help him, on condition that he takes; you
0. on to the town. That’ll save you an eight-
, ile walk.” .

    
  

  

" Danny!” .
hey ran down to the edge .of the water and
ha, edthe young man «on board the boat.

“I’l1 help get your boat aﬂoat if you’ll take

0 Jordan,” said Joe. =

__’1‘l_iat’s a bargain,” said the man, with
1a°n‘°.¥- .. . . . - '

He‘-got into his skiff and pushed to the shore.

‘We’ll need a strong pole,” said,Joe. _

Where are ‘we going to get it?” .asked the
A ftinan. _ i

f‘ you've got a sharp hatchet I’ll get it out
hat wood yonder.”. .

'fI’ll get you a hatchet,” said the young man.
ot‘ anyt’in’ to eat aboard, boss?” asked

    
  

  

  
 

  

, Are you hung_ry?” I. .
‘em I? I should t’mk sol Neider of us has
_anyt’in’. to eat today.” -

     

IIISOHIG surprise. \
hat's right,” nodded the young blacksmith.
ome. aboard, and I’ll give you some teed;

   

n,took,them aboard his sailboat and into
*‘small‘c,abin, where he laid out aspread of
eat,‘bread, marmalade, and a couple of
or ginger ale. _ . _ . _

‘ Dis is fine!” said Danny, losing no time
"ng_raway,with a large share of the food.

 
  
  
  

with:

 
 

mew; golf his coat and got.busy. In ﬁfteen

to our bargain.”

“‘I’ll do it,” said the‘ young blacksmith; "“Come '

- work.”

ha.t'so?” replied the young man, looking at."

I man underneath.

meal over‘, Joe took the hatchet, went to ~.
anny, and in_the._ course of,

twenty minutes returned with a pile. Going. ._
aboard the boat, he pushed the pole into thgo 
mud and shoved away with all his strength. The .  
boat» began to move a little. After repeated
efforts it slid‘ off into deep water, and the boat; . .,
man thanked Joe and complimented him onhis 
strength. The sail up the river to Jordan then "
commenced. .

“Dis is- better’n footin’ it,” remarked Danny.

Joe and the boatman gote quite friendly, and

    
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
     
  
 
 
     
 
 

the young blacksmith explained to him the

re-
dicament he was in, and how he and Danny ‘had "
almost lost their lives in the railroad accident. A
“The line may be ‘clear by the time We reach’
town,” said the boatman, “and you’ll be able to

get a train’, back to Blacklieath. Got money ::
enough to (pay for a ticket?” . 
‘-‘Half a ol air is the extent of my ﬁnances.” " I

“That won’t be enough to take you.
kid going with you?”
“I don't think so.” _ - g V
“Nope,” said Danny. “I'm bound to Chicago.” '
“Well,” said the boatman, “you’ve done me a 
-good turn. I’ll ‘give you a couple of dollars, and . ,
that’ll see you through easily enough.” '
“Thanks,” replied Joe, “but that is more than 1 °

 

Is them A

  

    

“That's all right. I can afford to stand that "3
much, as the job you did was worth it. Here,~ '
take it.” ‘ . 

Joe accepted the two dollars and thanked. the 
young man for it. It took them about--an hour 
to reach the town, and there Joe and Danny‘ ‘» ‘
took. leave of the young boatman. ' -

“I’m sorry dat youse ain’t goin’ wit’ me, Joe,”
said Danny. “I've taken "a likin’ to youse.” »

“You expect to beat your way to Chicago on
the freight trains?” asked Joe. . ' .

“Dat's de only way I kin do it,” replied Danny.‘ »

“And when you get there what do you expect
to do?” -I

“Dunno. Pick up a livin’ somehow.” ,

“How far have you come?” ~ \~

“From Noo York.” ‘ "

“How long have you been on the way?” —

“About a week.” , '

“I’d like to go to Chicago or New York ‘first
rate, if I knew what I could get to do after get- ,.
ting here,” said Joe: « ~

“A feller wit’ your muscle could easily git '

      
     
 
      
     
      
       
 
       
      
   
     
      
 
 
 
 

rw‘

“I dare say; but, Pm not looking for a la-
borer’s job. I want something better. I can get =
all the hard work I want at the shop in Black-..
heath.” .

At that moment an automobile came dashing
down the street. A feeble old man was crossing
the roadway at the time. The gentleman in the
auto saw him and turned aside to avoid ruiinin
him down. The wheels of the machine skidde, ’
sending the auto against a lamppost. It turned
completely over in an instant, burying the gentle?

 
   
     
      
         
       
     
      
 

I “Great Scott!” exclaimed Joe, dashing forward
with Danny. , .
_Before a crowd of any size had gathereddoe
seized the corner of the auto with a firm grip
and raised it a couple of feet. , _
“Try and pull him out, Danny,” he said. “‘I’1l'
try and hold it long enough. V i I ’
‘Danny, assisted by a spectator, dra,gg,ed,.:th
dazed, man from under .the7mac1;ine, and 

      
  
      
        
  

      
 

   

   

\

w hribition of strength, which ‘appeared more _won-
) I derful than it really was, though 1t was a mighty
 ‘heavy lift, and took muscles of steel to hold the
 {weight-. of that end of the machine‘ while the
‘ man was being rescued. When the gentleman
, pulled himself together and‘ learned the facts
“of his rescue he expresed his gratitude to Joe
in no undecided way. _ ,- . 2 I ’
 He pulled ‘a ‘$100 bill out of.,_h1s- pocket and
» offered it to the young blacksmith, but Joe de-
 clined to accept’ it. ~ _
I c"“Hul1yl§eel muttered Donn , lookm v
' “Wet a c ump to turn down a.t”ye1ler oak!
‘Whyya hundred dollars is a fyortin. w  I I f
‘doe, ‘however, dltint care to accept moneg ﬂow
’ I: performing a. service that _ (linaydhﬁvet staveb Ihi:
.‘§entlemans.l1fe. He cons: ere 1a 0 _e d
* Luty, and the‘ boy never looked for pay in o-
— in?‘ that? ' - nt?”» aid‘ the
I- Wont you accept it as a prese s
It gentleman. __ "V g
‘I Id rather not, sir. _ ,
“But you must let me do something for you.
You have placed’ me under great obligations to
‘you. Do_you 1ivein_this town? ’ n I
“No,.sir. I live in Blackheath.
/_I ,1».I.TBIe'.1¢at1rn_e£9i,s, notfamiliar to me.
pace,‘1sn’ 1 .A " ‘ v
. “It’s a large-sized village on the D. & L. road."
/  “How far-_ from this town?’ ” '
I SAM of e1gbtyt'mlktl1’isI tgaredsbn business” V
I “Are you visi mg _ . /” -
No, sir. I I in here quite by accident-

 

     
  
   
  
 
  
   

It’s a sinall

‘Will youidine with me this evening at my hotel?”

icouldget a train for Blackheat _
.; ‘ ,“Is it necessary that you return home on an
" * ‘afternoontrain.’ H
 “No, sir, I don’t think it is. I’d like to get
I back as soon e.s'VI can, though.” _
 . “You could’ wire your ‘parents that youwill
' return by an evening tram.” V t V
"I" g “I have no parents, -sir. They’ are dead. _In
' gafact, I have no relations at all. I I am living with
; the man- I Work for——Mr. Rulofson.”'
L \ “What business are you in?"
 “The blacksmith business_.”_ .
_ “Indeed! Does your ambition lie in that direc-
tion?” \ ‘
I 1 “No, sir, I. can’t_say that it~~does. I would
..prefer something with more of a future to it if
I could get it.’ ' _
’ ,‘‘How, would you like to learn to be a con-
? tractor? ’

    
 

 

  

  

very ‘well if he could ﬁnd
; could learn. A‘
Z ’ “You shall have an opening with me. I am a
‘ilarge contractor. My’ office is in Chicago. Here
‘ »is~my card.‘ If youifeel likeaccepting my oﬁer,
, eitherwrite to me or come on to Chicago. 'You’d
' better dine with me and ostpone your return for
few hours. We will ta ’ the matter over while
on ing. It would give me great deal of pleasure

an opening where he
. ' \ I

  

   

  

  

front.”

“ram much obliged to "you." Iwill I acce t

    

011- .

to take you into my oﬁilce and shove you‘to the.

Joeilet it drop. The crowd gaped at Joe’s  any dilference if I don’t:get bacl~:.t'o:

“I live in Chicago,’ and am here on business. .

“I was just; going to the station to see if I g

I Joe had heard that there was lots of inoneyjn ,
I that: business, so he said that it would suit ham *

hr invitation to dinner, as I guessit won’t ma 4: I

. When Rulofson got his telegram he’d know

‘\

A sion between the special‘; and the freight qt

   

viii ' I
till tonight. I can send a telegram to,M]r.~ ‘
son letting him know where I am.” I. 

“Very well. I am stopping at therélo W
House. I will expect to see you between, lﬁ
and six o’clock.” ‘f '

Thus speaking, the gentleman, whose name
Edgerton, bade Joe good~by. " 

«

CHAPTER X.—Another I’lot to Do Us in

“I I'pbss3diI is where yer =shakei”nio'?'
Danny, who had heard the convern,tdon- . ,
Joe and the.,contrs.cto.r, as theyvwalkedfoff

gether.  s _ . g a
“Not at all,” replied the young blacksmith.
think you’re goin I to do the shaking.” » ”“ ’
“Mel Nixyl. wou1dn’t shake yer if I coveid
help meself.” . 1 s 7
“Then come back with me to ‘Blackheath. -I
get you something to do there,and if I 
ecide to o to C ‘cage to learn the contrac
a business I’ 1,‘ take you with me.” . ..
 “Do yer mean dat?" I
“I do." I

. ., ,' ,. ,   M;
_  goes Wlt yer, dat is If yer kingmxsgs
de price of . me ticket, fer yer ain’t@_got in‘
enough dough to pay yer own fare.” ”

“I forgot about that. I'll‘ borrow $5’-I

» Mr. Edgerton, and that will pay both our? 1?

I ‘guess. As I'm going to dine with the gen
man, you’l1,,have to eat by yourself in a 

‘ rant, and then join me later at the station. Hefi

half a dollar.” . I ,.
“T’anks. I’ll fetch the change back wit me.
“Don’t worry about the change.” - ' '
“Where yer goin’ now?” _ I 
“To the station to ﬁnd out what time: I eati
getfa local train this evening to Blaokheath“
and also the fare there.”* * 1  .
The railroad station was not far away;
they soon reached it. On inquiry, Joelear
that the line had been cleared and thatstr,
were running as usual. He found he couldireeash
Blackheath by the 9:30 accommodation, and tied?
the fare was $2.40. , g I ' I _ I 
“Now we’ll put» in the time walking 
town,” said Joe when they left the station.‘
He knew that the blacksmith and Jennie
wondering ‘what had become of him, but of In‘
he couldn’t afford a telegraphic explana

 

  

    
    
       
  

      
   
  

   
 

was all right, and when he went home to suit
he'd tell Jennie. The explanation, of his sud ~
and apparently mysterious absence he’d tgi“
peiison when he got back. ,

oe.

    

   
   
    

however, was fated not to getcibgaék
Blackheath that night. The news of the

        
        
  

which had the car in line in which Joe was 1
in, duly reached Darien,,where the'threer
responsible for the abduction had gone‘
Eresent at the trial of Bill and Jimgthe

urglars, on the /following day. They heard.
 slmashup, and wondered if the boy had

1 e . . I I 1

I It was decided that one of their number
go on to Jordan and make. inquiries. The
fell to Fischer; and he took the first train
after the’ road was-op_en,A.e' 'H>ey’w9.s.»co ‘

    
   
 

  
  
  

  
     
    
          
 

    

 »

  
 
    
    

.5: the station on his arrival, when to his sur-
rggisez, llite tsavﬁvi J oe' and Danny walking away from,
to ic e 0 cc. . _
 =“So the boy escaped, and I suppose he’s Just
bought a return to Blackheath,” he muttered.
.«“.I‘f he gets bacik all our ¥1V0I‘kfWlll gotfor .n0thql‘Illl .
'1 I it t a prevent im rom re urnin’. e
. quzcxelsltion  llbw'can I manage it?”
; j ' He followed the boys <}l1ov;"n Elbe street (aiind ﬁp

Pﬂthe cross street into w ic _ey urne - '6
 “noticed that Joe seemed to be in no great rush

_ to leave town. .

  i"»3“%i3" i‘l‘t”:li’.1‘i‘.§."°‘«‘t"i;2.‘;»°‘§‘”..‘f'...“‘t”.‘. i§"i..l"§‘§§i‘
 ‘_ u o
'tgr'ms. * hat, ‘bother: me, though, is how I'n’i
gain’ to keep him from goin’ back to Blackheath.

' He turned the problem over and over 1int_his
’ ’ d but without getting any nearer a so u ‘ion.
,  Bensgn or’ J0l'ln%0l;  liiretwx mlght‘

 e ‘t twee s u’ o erlc
gig: tzlhaneldcairiigueioarounill, I'm afraid.” t
 h d e t e ys w erever ey wen
aiilclealzs i,i1ve<:wb’clock saw them "part in front oh
-the Jordan House. Joe entered the hotel, muc
. 1-,‘ovFisher’s surprise, while Danny walked off to
" connect with a good meal» at a cheap restaurant
I ' 1 f bl cks away. _
8/"??J1;iJietli)at b§y Fhaxe dec1i{de1d hto stay in this
’ 11 ‘ ht.” is er as e imse .'
tmgiﬂwaas Elite possible he had, but to make sure,
: .Fisher entered the hotel,Jwent to the desk, agig
‘ " ’ ed th egister. oe Samson’s name i
;§%ma1.Ipdpear (bur the book. Looking around, he
saw the boy seated in one of the‘ chairs.

 

  
   
   
  
 
   
  
 

 

she was a uest,” thought the man somewhat
, uzzled. “ if he only came to get his dinner
 e would have to register.” I
At that moment Mr. Edgerton, the contractor,
“Vcanie downstairs and went~to the desk. .The
clerk said‘ something to him and pointed Joe
out. The contractor walked over, took the chair
"beside him, and entered into conversation with
‘him, all of which was noted‘ by Fisher. In about

g ﬁfteen minutes Joe and the Chicago man entered _

. ' ' - h . .
.'th(‘a‘I€lIdleI;ign:I0l(')i‘X«:! llggeing a friend here, and the
gchap is a pretty swell guy,” _said Fisher to 11113)-
"fgelf. “They’ve'.,gone. in *to dinner together. Im
afraid I won’t be ableito do anythinh” A -

. He walked outside and stood on the sidewalk,
wondering what he should do. ‘Suddenly he felt

.3, ‘heavy slap on his shoulder and a voice ex- '

“claimed:

 _“Hello, Fisher!

this. town?” _

‘ He wheeled around, and recognized an old

irierfd of his whom he had not seen since he’d

been sent away for two years for a small job in

New’ York. _ _ .

.-“Why, Dooley, where did you spring from?

When did you get out?” he asked, shaking hands

with his old pal. .

.“(_)h, I got out about three months ago. A_re
you workin’ anythin'?” asked Mr. Dooley in-
llllisitively. — g’

.— . “Not at present." ‘ _ , "
_.‘‘-'I‘hen how came you to-ﬂoat into Jordan?
Fisher explained. .- _
“Now that you. knowthe, predicament I’m in

‘rayon make a suggestion?” he concluded.

What layihas brought you to

 

‘SAMSON, THE ‘nor BLACKSMITH 

- is that it?” -

alone

' . ,“He' hasn’t’ registered, yet he sits there as if -

street and Decatur.

, away from him A . r

 

H   out
“You want to

“That's it,” replied Fisher.

“Where is he now?” '

“Iii the hotel, takin’ dinner with some man he

knows.” ‘
“Does he intend to go back tonight?” -
“I believe he does, for I sawhim talking to

the ticket agent at the station about three hours 

ago. He was probably inquiring about a train
for Blackheath.”

“If he could be enticed up one of the side '

-streets we might be able to knock him on the
-head” said Dooley. _';, e ,
“That wouldn't do _muoh, good. He'd recover
and return by a tram tomorrow morning, on
be in time to appear at the trial.” ._ i '
“If we could get him to theriver, and aboaljl

of a boat, we might be able to take him of some-

where and keep him until the trial was con-L
cluded,".said Dooley.

“That would be a good plan. How can.we do."
it without attracting attention?"

“Hire a cab‘ and get him into it. Then drug
him with a whiff of chloroform. After he was

dead to the world we could see about gettin’ a

boat in which; to take him off.”
“It’s easy enough to hire a cab, but gettin’ him

‘into it is another thing.”'

“Does the boy know you by sight?”
“I don’t think so.” .. . , 3
“He doesn’t know me, at any rate. We'll go
into the hotel, and when he comes out of the din-
ing-room you point him out to me. Maybe I'll
have a plan ﬁxed by that.-time.” A
They Went into the hotel and sat down. In
the course of half an hour Joe and Mr. Edger-
ton came from -the dining—room. Fishér pointed
the young blacksmith out to his companion, ‘ ,
“The only train tonight that’ll stop at all the
way’ stations leaves the station at 9.30,’i said
Dooley. .“If he intends to take it he’ll start for
the station about nine. We must have a cab
ready at the corner of the street this side of the
station. I know a chap who will wink at a shady.
trick, if necessary. I’ll go and make arrange-
ments with him now while you stay here and
shadow the boy.
I get back, look -for the cab at the corner of this’
You'll see me standin' on
the corner ready for business." .
“All right,” replied Fisher in a tone of satia-
faction, believing that a solution of the case
was at hand.
, Dooley went away to hunt up his friend the
cabman, while,‘ Fisher remained to keep watch
on Joe’s movements. . .‘

*1
. .

CHAPTER XI.—K<idna'pecl Again.‘

Joe had a long and conﬁdential talk with Mr.
Edgerton in the corridor of the hotel, and the
contractor took a strong liking to the sturdy lad,‘
who he felt was wasting his opportunities at the
blaclcsmih business. He told Joe that he could
do ever so. much better b taking -up with his
offer without delay, and t e boy saw that 
wasan exceptionaltchance to make an upward”
move in life that he could not afford to let,.-gal

    
 

/I‘ 

keep this boy from goin’ back, J

If I don’t ﬁnd you here when '

 T S p   lsAMsoN.:  nor 1BLA_CK~SM‘ITH.:_.}‘1-     .

"The re ult of the interview was that he took
p with; -r. Edgerton’s oifer then and there, and
promised to report. at his oﬂice at an early date.
Joel had arranged with Danny to meet him near
,!the. station about nine o’clock, and Danny took up
his stand on the corner of Decaturstreet to wait
‘ for him to come along. A few minutes of nine
Joe bade the contractor good-by, after borrow-
‘ ing $5 from him with which to pay the tough
'Llad’s fare to Blaokheath, and started for the
‘station. Fisher, who had remained at the hotel
, and kept his eye on him, tagged after him, con-
ﬁdent that Dooley had matters fixed in accord-
ance with their arrangements. Joe walked down
vthe“- street at a quick pace, his mind employed
with thoughts of his future in the Chicago‘ con-
racting business. ,

‘ He had only one" regret at cutting loose from
»B18._ckheath, and that was the unavoidable sep-
aration between himself and Jennie Rulofson,
whom he had come to think a lot of. Still, he

' " consoled himself with the thought that there was

, nothing to prevent them corresponding regularly,
and he intended to revisit the village at no dis-
-tant day.» When he approached the corner of
"Decatur Street he saw a cab standing close to the
‘veurb, and he spied Danny on the opposite side of
Ithef way, talking to a boy of.his own age with
; whom he had ot acquainted. Danny was tell-
. in ,him about %is experience in the railroad’ ac-

”"ci ent, and for the time being neglected to watch‘

put for Joe. Joe was about to whistle .to him
jwhen Dooley stepped‘ up to him and asked him
, if -his name was Joe Samson. M.

“Yes,”‘replied the eboy, surprised to be ad- .

dressed by a perfect stranger in that town.

" “.There’s a man named Rulofson in that cab
who’s been driving all over town» for the last hour
lookin for you,” said Dooley.

’“R ofson——here!” ejaculated Joe, muchuaston-»

- , . He wants to see you.
cab and talk to him.” a» ,
V. Never suspecting the trap that was about to
*be sprung on him, Joe went up to the cab. At
that m’oment.Danny saw him, and started across ‘
-‘towjoin him. Dooley opened the cab_ door and

Step up to the

/

jlloellooked in.
«“There’s no one here,” he said. '
'_ Dooley gave him a shove, and Joe went sprawl-
..in half into the vehicle. Danny saw what was
ta‘ ing place and _dashed forward to interfere.
, _“Hi! hi! Wot’s de matter wit’ youse?” he
tried. D ,
 Fisher, however, who was close at hand, inter-
L/feted‘, pushed the boy back into the street, and
rushed forward to help Dooley. The two men
. didn’t expect to have much trouble in getting J de
':into the cab, but they reckoned without their host,
1s,the‘saying is. Joe got on his feet, and grab-
eoing Dooley, who was a good-sized fellow, swung
the ex—c0nvict» off his legs, and shaking off his
grip, ﬂung him six feet away on to the sidewalk,
‘ ihere he landed like a bag of ﬂour. Fisher then

rushed at him, thinking to overpower him, but i

was, surprised to ﬁnd himself lifted in*t:he same

anner as Dooley had been and throwﬁ against ,
the corner building with a force that; shook ‘half ’

he breath out of him. As‘ Joe stood antin a
'1: ‘from his exertions, ready to tacke Doo ey
again, thecabman reversed his whip and struck
the young blacksmith on the head with the heavy

loaded end. Joe staggered and fell. Before {he
could recover from the eﬂects of the cowardly,
blow Dooley sprang _upon him. Danny, came ru.sh-—
ing up now, and piled on to Dooley, punch:
him in the face. i 7
“Leave him go, or I'll knock de stuﬂin”out,r
yer!” roared the tough boy. . 
The cabman_ seeing how things were going,

reached down. and gave Danny a clip withthe. _
handle of his whip which almost put the lad out],

of business.“ . It caused _him to release Dooley, and
the ex-convict _1n'.m_ied1ately« began- shoving 
young blacksmith into the vehicle. Fisherfr .
cogeredin time to help him, and Joe was got in-»
si e. .
“Get up with the driver, Fisher,” said Doole

,“I’ll‘attend to our chap.“ ,

Danny, wiping the blood from his face, uttered
a howlvof rage anddashed after the cab, Vcatc '
mg on to the springs behind‘ and holding on like
grim death. His move was not detected, and "the;

cab dashed off down toward the water—front.‘Q

After going a block or two the vehicle proceeded
at a much reduced speed, and presently camein
sight of the river. _The‘ cabman drove to at ceré
tain deserted boathouse, at the wharf of whichfa
small sailboat was moored. Danny, crouchingvun-,
der the vehicle, saw Dooley and Fisher take Joe;
now unconscious, out of the cab and carry him on
board the boat. Dooley took an instrument out
of his pocket and speedily wrenched off the pad’-

‘-lock that secured the sliding door of the Gabi

The door was then pushed back and the men,ca

ried Joe inside. Fisher returned to-the place
where the cab stood and handed the driver a $20
bill. The jehu thanked him, wished him luck,’
and drove off, Danny sneaking behind a corner
of the boathouse and escaping notice. Fisher
went aboard the« sailboat, andthen he and Doo-
ley unmoored from the landing and the little
craft ‘drifted ouq into the river. Danny watched

them hoist the mainsail and the jib and head ﬁup. V

the stream, in the gloom of which they soon. di
appeared. " V‘ V
“Wot an outrage dat isl Dis is de second tin}
Joe has been kidnaped! Dem fellers must be the
same wot done it before. Maybe dey heard about
de smashup on de railroad, an’ came ‘on to see‘
wot happened to him in de car: When dey foul
he had got off wit’out any trouble dey no
around till'dey found somebody dat seen. him. at

me makin’ fer dis town, so deywcame on to t, ,
dey-done,” ar leﬂ”

an’ catch him ag’in, which
£)03.I1l:Ily as he stood and looked after the rece ing
a . - y , .
His deductions were partly right and part
wrong, as the ‘reader knows, but he was sati
ﬁed in his own mind that he had hit the ,na.il,o
the head. ' . . , V ’
“Now wot’s. to be clone? How am I goin
help him out of dis hole? I’d foller dat boatéif
could, but ‘how kin I? De only way dat I see ,
to walk. up de river. ,Dere ain’t, much ‘Wind, so;
maybel kin catch 11; wit’ it. Den I coulclwat
where dey landed. , ut if dey lan,ded»on deg udd,
side of de river -me walk Wouldn't amount‘

. nothin’.‘ Seein’ dat I ain’t got noplace, toga

anyway, I reckon dat’ I better .,foller de boat, an
see wot happens.” V » : _ " ’
Thus spea mg, Danny»st.arted.up , the Wate

D front of thetoWn,.,and when-lhegreaféhed are

2:.

  wHeiieoY‘.3LAcKsnrm  

-_ keptzsturdily onby the -side of the -hank Blackheath and Darien-forva, month or two  .
_ ined to‘ rescue Joe from his»‘abductors'=1f let you ‘go; and I'll .—give you $50 to make things{
-~ ‘ v  , .- ' ’ .. - V . ’ : easy with you till you» get a job somewhere be~.‘:.~
‘ tween this and Chicago. You’d better take me‘.3,_‘.
 = ;  . v  .,' - . . ~ up...-~'It wouldn’t put any money in your pocket to.‘-.1:
CHAPTER XII.—Danny Outwits Fisher. . help send» Bill‘ and Jim to State prison.  "
. , _ , . . stopped ’em gettin" away with the funds’of..the-‘E.
ioepihad beendrugged with chloroform in the bank. ..Th'erevain’t~no call for you doin' anythinffii
nah y Dooley, and he didn’t‘ recover hlS- senses’ more in the-matter.” . - ‘ 1‘
the sun had risen next morning. Then ‘he “Suppose'I refuse to make ‘any-bargain wi
nd himself in the cabin of the ‘boat, which youowhat’ll. you do?-” askedlJoe. - = . . '
, still‘ sailing up the river at a‘ moderate rate “Why, we’ll have to keep you away by holdin‘
eed under a light breeze. He was lying on you a prisoner till we see how things go :wi
. ker with his arms tightly bound. The'two Bill and Jim. If the trial is postponed till-‘the
_ascals_had had an object lesson of his strength police can make a hunt for you, .Awe’]l‘ca,rry y_
 were 'not_taki'ng any chances with him. The oil’ into Canada and keep you there. We're houn
_ n was shining through" the open doorway, and to see that you don’t;sh.ow up atthezcourt; and
‘he caught sight of ‘his kidnapers seated in the I can get money enough to put any plan throughj
_ pit. Dooley, ’ who appeared to have some that will save our pals.” . 1 -
 wledpge of hoats, was steering. Joe,‘ as he sur- “Then you'd better get it, for.I won't make any. i
‘eyedthem, did not recognize either of them. bargain with you,” replied Joein a ﬁrm tone. A:>—
. ‘He had never seen Dooley before, and as for “You're foolish. You'll be kept‘ away in anyo ’
isher, he had had but sli tpchanceto catch a case. »It would ‘be much better for you to stay as 
View of his face the night e was abducted from away of your own accord}? «.“’
‘ “mill. It did-not strike him that these men ‘ _‘.‘I_ never could show my face in Blackheatfhl -
mi ht be two_of the three who had ‘done’ himup again if I didthat.” - , - r ‘
“on; tli_at’occasion. ‘_ Had the idea occurred to him . “Why couldn"t you?"
. -W011”-.n3«t“1'a11Yi have W°“‘fe1'ed h°W they came “Because I’d ‘be ashamed to, for one thing.”
$.0['.t1‘ack. him to 'J°rda“‘ AS the ¢a_S€, §l700d, 1'19 ‘‘That’s all rot. Noone would know that yo
i.3‘$°l11d .0111? cbnsidel‘ ‘hat he W35 1'um,11nB‘_ In Pretty stayed away. You could say that you--were car
3.1335 111019 and he ‘Wondered What 0bJeCt these ried off, as you were, and held a. prisoner until‘
' ‘ls had in carrying him off. At length Fisher releasedgi ‘ v : _ .. . <
. '3 1°°ked.v'‘ i’}t°ith9 Cabin Seeing that “That would be only partly true, and I'm no
$he r" prisoner had recovered his senses he stepped in the habit of lyingyr . A,
e. , . . , _ " ' ' _ , ‘ “You..don’t«'want to be so particular.” _ ‘I 
€11, Y°1_m§ £91191?‘ he Salfil “Y011 S99 Y011 1'3" “Well, I am particular in that respect. I. re. 
against 1ll- ’ ’ . / , ’ fuse to agree to your plan.” . ' '
“I ‘See. lama” r‘~?P1ie€1J°e-3 “Perhaps 3’°“’11_te,n, . Fisher looked disappointed. v .«.‘ :.
§‘TVghftit yo];-1rt%?«Ine 1_S?,"to d “If ‘ ' ' h“I’ll leave you to think it over. Maybe you'll .
l a ’S W a m 80171 0- We can come c an e our mind when ou look a iti ' 1’
an understandin’ -you’ll be set free.” , 1igh§v Y y t n the right
f‘What do you mean by an understanding?”" “No, I won't change my mind. It's up to you
“Suppose you give your word to do a certain ggiilidg I}2)ell’?lW§zV1efgQuOg}d1ﬁ}{ you can. ms m ’ 3 
V _ _ _ . Job on your hands.
lng, can I-dependoh your keepln’ It?” Fisher-_saw that furt er argument was useless. *
V‘-‘Very good. If we set you ashore at Delhi fl?i‘l;l'11e1§::)(lie§r710 r'l‘ll)1:e,la1.)l§:::rW(le1r:3 °i;1§§i§ieot° crcsoxaldsutldi ;
henﬁwe come to it willyou promise not to go making any deal with Joe, as .he hadpﬁo conii-"L
, k to Blackheath nor go anywhere .near dence in” the lioy’s word. The lad’s refusal to i ‘
‘ alien?"  ““’ . — ~ .. make terms rather surprised him, for he thought '9 -
ﬁgvhy Shoulddl pgomise that‘.’t” ' - ’ the young blacksmith would agree to anything to
pecause we on want you 0 testif_ a ainst secure his freedom. As th - -i
, .T}10mPS0n and Jim Parker. W110 gt? ong trial ter over they did not noticee I::.1esnmt2iellk§'g>uft}l1ie klgggs .
_ ‘§day'for that there bank business in Blackheath. ing pace with the boat on one of the banks. This
:3‘? you”kno\la_r Evhat Iﬁfglgettin’ at-” t f was Dﬁnny,hwho had trudged pluckily up the 7
, fsee, rep ie oe. suppose you are wo 0 river a ni t, and had c '- 
Hetllrree men who captured me at the mill and at ‘early dagzn. He wasn’%ue§iihyc tsli§h\‘Acro‘i*£¢atki"<3>rbltJl?§ 1’;
me aboard the freight car, where I nearly tramp, though he was tired and sleepy by this?’
. nay life in\ftl';s1collisior;J?’; f ‘ d time, ,
in one o e men u m rien outside ‘ He had t ~ r
. nothing to do with that mastter. When we lie was, detesri?d1i:édeli?l:::$hyJdg it1’hlaievgg§l{d'bf)?:ns;’¥.
‘ard about the accident I came on to Jordan to never deserted a friend and he had taken 9,’ 3?
élout if you had been hurt, for.the injured ’ great fancy to the young blacksmitli He was
_ __ taken to’ that town. I saw you and a tough- ready to follow the boat till he dropped in his l
lung kid at the‘ station, so I knew you had, tracks. ‘Danny might be a waif from the»slu,m"s '9‘
*~’ I1 from We Wreck unharmed Seeing you . of a great city, but for all that he had his go i
 'e station, I figured that you were gettin' a traits. _Hi_s meeting with Joe was the most fo ~,
_ , to take you back to Blackheath. As that tunate incident in his life though he did’ not
jxlld. ave. queered our plans, I setabout pre- know it.’ Joe was just the person who .eo"uhi
‘ _ . you" from‘ gettin’ back. I’ve succeeded, wield a powerful inﬂuence for. good. ’ 
=%5;w;at’iiupto you to; ay hat we shag} do’ to 1: ‘boy’ for- « V y “ " 6]
  W3?» H s’  ,MkSm"tl‘i

    
  

 
   

A ,

     
 
   

  
 
     

      
       
  

   
   

     
   

    
   
     
  

  
      
     
   

  
     
    
 

      
  

   
 
 

  
     
  
 

   
  
    
      

   
 

‘ti
S9
‘.3

 

        
   
  
 

   
   
  

   
  
  

 
  

    

       
  

 
     
 

     
     
  

   
   
   

 
 
   
   
       
   
         
       
 
 

  
    
   

     
  
  
 

 
 
   

 

 
    
    
    
  

    
 

 
  
  

  
  
 

  

        

  
   

 sinscm,  Boy BLACKSMITH

l Tognized Joe as a -"kind of kindred spirit, notwith- jumped ashore, and started after the boy —
- standing that their stations in life were _so widely led him a chase of about thirty, yards and en ‘
digerent. _ ’ ' . _ ’ . ‘began dodging around._ Fisher had to avoid,  ‘
, Now dat it s daylight, _if de wind don t git no or three more missiles, and that made himin”

' stronger, dat boat won t git away from me,"" said der yet. D_a.nny ke t getting him _further aw
.‘ ..Danny to ’l‘l1l'}'lSelf ,as he trudged along’. Dem from the river, an at the same time edged
.~ blokes dont tink Im a—fo1lerin dem, an de fust ward it himself. Suddenly he threw his 4
ting dey know Ill putde kibosh on. dam. Dey ll stone straight. at Fisher s head and then‘ day
 . have to land some tiiiie to git sometin to eat, an for the boat as fast as he could o_. They
vgdatll be me chance. _1] k dodged the stone and came after im full ilt,

Morning grew apace and Slil. the boat ept on, eeling sure of catching him now. Reaching  p
but the wind became much lighter, and conse- rock around which the mooring ropewas Cl‘
quently the progress of the craft grew, slower, Danny pulled the loop off of it, dashed into i "
~mu'ch to Danny s satisfaction. At length the water and scrainbledpn board. Fisher utte 1;
_houses began to grow more frequent,‘ and ﬁnally a shout of rage at this unexpected move on, he
a turn in the stream brought into view a large boys part, and ‘tried to reach the boat befoi:  5
town ahead. This was Delhi, 21 big i_nanufactur- ﬂoated out of his reach. He was not succes »
jing place. V There were wharves gutting into the The only way he could get to the craft w snfxgre
/river}, anddmanythsloopsland _sm%ll schooners icieﬁ Iglunlgle 1}Illt()_ttal‘1teé;V3t&.3l‘ and wade .or swim ou «
‘up a ongsi e o em. was a ou seven o c 0c is e esi e oing.
now, and the smoke was beginning to issue from ::Come back here with that boat!” he roare
V the factory chimneys. ln a very short time the _ Aw, cork up! retorted the tough boy, sqira.
towicir would be full of lifﬁ aidid’ busglclei ‘Tn tigigfdown on the roof of the cabin and grinn-i‘
‘ ee. ere s a town a ea sai anny. a 1m. . » 
bet dey’ll put in dere. I’ts lucky dat de town The bofit ﬂoated further.and further fromt
 isdon dishside of de river. If it vlulruz on de udder ﬂank, WhlChtm%de Fisher; wild. ’ He did’notc,'e’
”. = ‘si e’ I d’ ave to get across some ow. en suspec ; afmy "
V. " As soon as Fisher and his companipr} saw the aboard the sailboat, but supposed he did it mere
town ahead the former closed the sliding cabin to make his eSCape- When the boat had got thi‘ V
 door, but he couldn’t lock it, as Dooley had feet away,,and Danny Judged that _he was; ,_
wrenched the padlock off. However, that didn’t* fectly Safe from‘ Fisher’s wrath, he Jum ed do . !
matter much, since their risoner ‘was securely into the cockpit and opened the door of t e. ‘o W ’
" tied so that it wasn't possi for him to make a_ Looklng’ 111, he S9-W_J0_e“'1y1ng bound on the lock, 
a bra‘; fr f:;:ei°"i... » said Dooley   Ehzeistzi:i:%p§Su;’;Sﬁ:c::.%tii‘°"°d ""*‘S‘*“***
, . . e p n , g , . .7 . W
~ something to eat.” ' i .
_ ‘:We’d better land this side of_the,town. where . ‘ V
Eiiifiﬁiﬁillkﬁtt$§a“§E.’é‘¥e2f,”$$‘$é2i?’wﬁ§iLd$331333; CHAPTER XIII--Back toB1ackheaw-;
; hunt up fa store a.1nd’€b‘1i1Y whzﬁ you  ““\1?3Vel‘1:yilDaiii.r%yl’_’t_’;:ried .'I’oe, «Is that yoﬁim .,
serve us ora coupeo ays. eresa i . c er ie 1 s me. 
v- Dooley put ‘the money in his pocket and head- “Well, I’m mighty lad to see you. Put
  for/lghe lriver tiiankhoon tﬁle t<.)'l1(llSS¥}llI'tS ggrtllig lailand in mytpockeé: an y€}1i’l_lt ,i;'md my jackkriif
. own. eacinglesre eie em i_ oucancu me reewi-i. '
line to a big stone, and after a few words with Danny had_ the_ knife out in short order»
Fisher started off_on his errand. Danny wasn t he lost no time. 1;; ¢utt1n ,t1-ls ha]-1-_‘.doze
E/ar away when this occurred, and the tough boy the men had wound aroun J oe’s arms and
_ egan to consider how he could _make a successful “How did you know I was aboard this ‘
’ ag:t:a1::k1on—F}ilsher. tHe bhtzdthpickedgip a Stolét asked ,hJoe, whojsu posed the little cm
s ic aong’ is rou e 11 _e ques ion was _o somew are near or an. e. L
_(iie3,'ch the man band chtﬁi him Iiiniwares. Thins t “lhsien dem guys put yer aboard,” replie
» int seem a, e possi e as is er wa._wi e ou oy. ' — ~ ,
f)Wake 3114 dkflplt  e}3)7e5d<'>1I11,’§he %1i0T€é- Fﬂflally d “ heCIi19’§’011 followed the .cab into which I wﬁ»
anny eci e o om ar im wi s ones rom ragge . V “ -
 thekbgnk and see} whaté the deffect wouédlbe. hH§ }cat1:ight on] behind an’ went erlong wi ' ,
pic e up severa goo -size ones an aun_c e a was cever on your par. ' . ,-
one of them_ at the man’s back. It struck Fisher “De cab went down to a boathouse on do '13’ Y
between‘ the’ shoulders, and he sprang up with an an’ dem guys carried yer aboard an’ put Vei‘

      
     
  
 

       
   
  
  
    
    
  
    
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
     
   
  
   
  
    

  

   
  
   
 

 

   
  
   
 

 

  
  

 
   
    

imprecation and looked around. He saw Danny de_ cabin. After paiyini de cabby dey hfist
’ in ‘the act of hurling the second. sail Nan.’ started u, _e river. _. I follered, anf:
“Hi! What in_thunder are you upto?” he ask- been walkin’ all night tryin’ to ’catch~up

  
    
 
   

   

i’ "  angrily. save yer.”

     
    
 

   
      
   
  
 

    
 

   
  
 

V Danny’s.reply was to ﬁre a stone at his head. , “Walking all night?” »

He dodged the missile and threatened the tough “Yep; an’ I’m most. done up." ._
boy. ~ u - , _ “How far=up»the river -are we?” .. g _,
c“ »“If. I come after you I’ll make it hot for you!’-’ , _ “Dunno, but I reckon it’s some ways. De
he said. . i » ,_ \ i_ big town ‘close b,Y-’.’ » . 1 2 * i
‘* ‘‘Aw,y_shut up!” replied Danny, throwing his “What ‘town is it?” asked Joe, shaking

d stone, which caught Fisher on his armas

   
  

   
   

' seglrlicduldiligti tell lei‘, ‘causes lldoiilt
‘ “Well, '  Danny " 

raised -it to’. save his head
I _%O1l,’I‘e a
; as ﬁx’ ..

e.'h1ow hurt -him, aj.nd‘he lost his temlperlin, . .
“ ’ He ‘ Je he tawny;-‘to the bank.. 

1.

  
 

   

   

U guess dat’s bright, boss. ’I wouldn’t go back‘

A u .n'o‘how.”

*.‘I sha'n’t forget what you've done, Danny,”
 Joe, walking out into the cockpit.

.He.was astonished to find the boat in the mid-
of. the river, ﬂoating down with the tide.
E‘ thought we were tied up to the bank?” he

‘lie’ boat .wuz tied to a rock till’ I set her

"‘B‘.ut tell me how you managed to get aboard,
dfwhat has_become of the two men?”
‘Dagny began his story at the point where the

at
tient off to get provisions. He told how he had
lted Fisher with stones till he got mad and
pedashore to try and catch him. Then he
plained how he had enticed the man some lit-

V [stance from the boat," doubled on him, and
gained the boat ahead of him in time to cast off
time; rope and jump aboard. Joe was quite tickled
 learn "how cutely Danny had tricked Fisher.
The toughplad then went back to the point where
’ g'g,h'ad started to walk up the river after the
35st,. hoping to keep track of her and ﬁnd some

I y: of saving the young blacksmith. Joe was
stonished at the dogged perseverance of his new

7i£§yalty' he showed to him. 7
You'll never regret sticking to me, Danny.
 shall go to Chicago with me, and I’ll see
you get a start in life there, too. You shall
‘ with me, and learn to amount to something
"’fth'e world,” said Joe earnestly.
'Dat’ll soot me allright. ‘Whatever you say
s. wit’ me.” ' l ,
-~‘,No_'w, Danny, we must get back to Jordan and
atch a train for Blackheath. I don't know much
out sailing a boat, but as there isn’t much wind
~g;,iess’we’ll manage to get on somehow. Come,
1‘, he}p me hoist the sail.” _
hey . raised the mafnsail between them and
«tie the sheet fast. _ _
in, and after experimenting a little ﬁnally
,_the hang of the job. It took them_ all day to
t“back‘to Jordan, and ‘Danny put in most of
time sleeping. They made one stop at a
.. , villageto get their dinner and breakfast
a s bined. They reached the wharf" in Jordan
.~ m which the‘ boat had been stolen about sun-
ii, and turned tliecraft over to her owner,
 an explanation; which the man accepted at
1;. with some suspicion. Then they went to a
taurant and had supper. Joe found he could
ei time by taking the 7.20 express to Darien,
 was a few miles beyond Blackheath, where
would arriv‘e*at 9.30, and then take a local
5‘ back at 10 which stopped at the village‘ at
‘g.  He adopted that plan, and they reached
" kheath on schedule time. ‘ .
. ‘nu shall stop with me where I live, Danny,
‘ -I have made my pre arations to go to Chi-
‘f'~'said Joe, as they le t the station.
.‘Al-l right, boss. " If yoiise is willin’ I am,” re-
»the, tough‘ boy. 7 .
was twenty minutes of eleven; and the Rulof-
had not yet» retired for the night,'when Joe

.>—A

    

  

     

   

  

 

elf an‘swsrsd»vthevlmock..i .«

   

  

sense     Ber BLAcKsMi:is  T ‘ i

adibeen hauled up.to the bank and Dooley l

ﬁiend, and was very grateful to him for the’

Joe -took charge of the '
,night, and were surprised that he failed to ap- -

* absence from the village.

_ and Danny’s narrow escape from a terrible death

, attending‘ the trial of the burglars, and
g ' the contracting business.
for admittance on the cottage door. Rulo£-

 yeufve‘:-got”  at  3 ‘W8/.S‘H_b&c

What in thunder carried you off to Jordan in ‘
such an odd way, and why didn't you come back‘ ’
last’ night as you telegraphed me you were going
to. . —

“It's quite a yarn, Rulofson, and it will rather
astonish you when I tell you about my experience. 3
Now let me introduce a new friend I’ve picked up.
This is Danny ‘Mann, who hasn’t any home, and .
with your permission I want to have him room.
with me while I stay here.” 

At that point Jennie came runnin up to '
greet Joe. She had been greatly worrie , as well .
as puzzled, over his in sterious disap earance,
until her father receive his telegram rom Jor- 
dan. She had reported to her father that Joe .
had gone to the old mill to be initiated into the ,
“Nig t Owls Clu ,” and when he failed to come i.
back at all that ni ht she didn’t know what "to".
make of it. Rulo son suggested that he had
probably gone to spend the night at the home
of one of the members of the society. Next mornu
ing, -when Joe failed to. turn up at the shop,‘the7 . '7
blacksmith thought it very strange. '

One of the village boys came into the shop,
and Rulofson asked him about the initiation Of’
Joe into the club, and then he learned that no
such thing had taken place. He shut up‘the shop
for a while and started to make inquiries about.
his assistant, but nobody had seen or heard of.
Joe since the day before. He induced several of
the boys to go out to the mill to see if anythin
had happened to Joe there, but they returne
and reported that they could ﬁnd no evidence
that the’ young blacksmith had been at the mill
at all. When he reported the facts to Jennie on‘
his return from the shop that night she became
much concerned about the, boyshe learned to .
think a great deal of. While they were discuss- "
ing his singular disappearance his telegram was
brought by the village 0 erator on his way home. -
That relieved their 'mind)s about him, but did not
clear up the mystery. ’

They waited up till one o’clock for him to come
by the train which reached Blackheath at mid-

 
  
 
   
  
  
  
    
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
  
 

pear. When he failed to show up next day Rulof-
son ﬁgured that he had gone on to Darien, where
he was to testify at the Circuit Court that day.
About one o'clock, however, a court cﬁicer came
togthe village to find out why he hadn’t appeared
at the court house as he had been directed to. .
Rulofson told him" about the boy's unexplained "A
The oﬂicer thought ,it- .
was rather suspicious, and went back to report
the matter "to the judéze. That’s how things stoodw
when Joe ﬁnally id turn up as we have‘
s own.

The story he told certainly did astonish both 7
Rulofson and his daughter. It fully explained .'f
the cause of his disappearance and subsequent , "
absence. Jennie shuddered at his recital of his

 
     
     
   
       
       
     
     
  

  
   
 

   
  
 

in the collision on the railroad. Joe told of the‘
service he had rendered the Chicago contractor
on his arrival at Jordan, but held back for the I
time being his resolution to go to Chicago, ‘after.

= earn

    
       
       
 
 

I It was long after‘mi§l»;

night when they all retired that-night..but3»Ien-'

nie was perhaps'sithel».bapfiest of-all because}
k«safe and 8911:)‘ u  ~  “ 3 r

        
 

   
   

   
 

    

  

’ ' ' Cl-IAPTER'XIV'.——-In Chicago.’

' "Joe ‘made his appearance in Darien next morn-
ing and reported to the judge of the court, with
, an explanation of why he was unable to show up
’“»_Vthe dayprevious. His excuse was accepted, and
{the trial of the bank burglars, which had been
"adjourned until that morning, went on. B111
‘ Thompson and Jim Parker had been told that the
. "principal witness against them would not appear
‘Ito testify, and they had some hopes of getting
,-‘oi? easy; but when they were brought into court
 »'‘‘that morning and found Joe present they saw that
.,'» — '_I“their goose was cooked. The jury lost’ little time
i.‘ i ‘in bringing in a verdict of guilty, and they got
. " ten years each in the State prison. ,On his return
‘   from the trial Joe told Rulofson that he had ac-
dcepted an offer to go to Chicago to ‘learn the con-
’ tracting business. V _
" “That so, Joe?” replied the "blacksmith, looking
‘- glum, for he didn’t like to lose his stalwart young
i ‘assistant.
'* “Yes. I've got to consider my future, and the
’ blacksmith business doesn’t strike me as just the
‘thing to make a life occupation. There is lots of
money in contracting if you know how to bid
right, and then are smart enough to get the most
V you can out of the men you employ, and have
-  capital enough to purchase at rock-bottom prices,”
'  gsaicl Joe.
. V 9 "I dare say,” replied Rulofson.
, . -idea into your head?”
'7 ~‘»‘The gentleman *I saved from the overturned
‘ lautomobile in Jordan. He is a big Chicago con-
‘ ‘tractor, and to’ show his appreciation of the
* ‘service I rendered him he has offered to give me
. fan opening’ in hisibusiness and push me‘forward.,”
In “I’ sorry‘ to"lose. you, Joe, but as long as the
 fchetnge is for your interest of course Iuhave no
. J» objection to offer against it. Jennie will be sorry,
 _', too, to have you leave the village.” _
V it Jennie was not only sorry but quite broke up
 3 ‘When she learned that Joe had deﬁnitely decided
-’» , Ito‘ leave the village and go so far away as
.Chicago. Joe assured her, however, that he
wouldn’t _forget her. r

5 .“I’ll ‘write to you .once a week, and you must
—answer my letters soon after you get them,” he
said to her. “Then we’ll keep in touch. I'll let
i you know how I am getting on, and you can keep
_ ’ me posted about all that happens in the village.”
 Of course she promised to write, as often as she
“could, and she also promised not to take up with
any,.of the other lads of the place, as Joe said
"he didn’t intend to have any other girl but her.
She believed him, and the thought cheered her up,
_ When the news got around that Joe was about to
shake the village for Chicago the boys generally
. were sorry to hear it. The young blacksmith had
~ made himself very popular with his associates,
,"rj and every one of them,‘with the exception of
” ‘ Henry’ Carfer, ,who was delighted to learn that
 Joe was going away for good, expressed his
' = ‘regret. At length the time" came for Joe and
Danny to take the train for the West. Joe car-
ried a draft on a Chicago bankfor the $425 that
~lie.xhad had on interest at the villagebank, and
hat was the cash capitaliion which‘ he was begin-.
omgshisi new career. , .. . g V *

  
  
  

 

 

 

 

“Who put the

  
  

  
   

  

 
 
  

  

     

    

.chap, who prided himself on being something

_ Jennie parted with him tearfully at the cottage,
permitting him to kiss li"er'half“a’ dozen 
without objection, and then, accompanied '-by
Rulofson and a delegation of the‘ ‘villageboys ‘
went to‘ the station with Danny, where he tool: _ 3.
local train for Darien, at which town he was/to ‘
connect with the «Western expres‘suWithin twenty?
four hours he and Danny‘ reached the‘ W'nd'y
City, and’ were met by one"of Mr. Edgerto
employees, who had secured lodgings for = ’,
not very far from the contractor’s office. Joe had
arranged with Mr. Edgerton by letter for a joh
in the yard for Danny, and so the youth wasprok
vided forat the‘ very start. ~ Mr. Edgerton’/Wasf;
putting up anew hotel of some size on the_lake'2

 
  
 
 

   
 
  
   
  
    
     
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
     
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
     
       
   
  
   
  
    
    
  
   
     
    
 
  
   
    
   
     
  

three months and then Joe was transferredtoithe
oﬁice. By that time he and Danny had got pigtty
well acquainted with Chicago. The tough: kid
was quite proud of himself, for he was no longer
halfragged and disreputable in looks, and rho
was now able to*jingle alittle silver coin inhis
pocket. The days when he lived a hand-to-mouth
existence, most of the time going short on food‘,
were over. Joe was getting on ﬁne himself, but
when he was advanced over the head of a young
man who had been in the oﬂice a couple of yea . 
his success gave rise to a good bit of jealousy ‘ah’ ’ 
some resentment. It soon got around that h'e"ha“

a pull with the boss, and that rumor made hi ' Ki
still more unpopular in the office. Of course’ haw
couldn’t help noticing that he was treated rat '
coldly by his fellow clerks, and he cg j, ‘,
‘quite understand it until Danny, who heard"sonié!
of the men talking about Joe, put him wise tokth
real reason. g ’_
V “I can’t help it, Danny," said’Joe. “Mr. Ed“-
gerton knows his business. He would not
meahead unless he thought I was able to make
good. I am trying hard to master all the details
of the business, and am ‘directing my energies‘ ..
entirely along the lines advised by Mr. Edgertogr 
himself. He told‘ me that itis his ‘purpose/Qt’. ”
make me general manager one of these days,', ll
with that idea in View he is developing my
ties toward that end." ' -' “ '

“Dat’s right,” said Danny. “Wot do yer ca L
for dem geezers in de office? If dey ain't «got
in dem to get ahead demselves it ain’t yer is
(I{)ey’,re jealous of yer,’dat’s wot’s de matterwi

Joe pretended not to notice "the coolness vi,
which he was treated by his office mates, and
treated them in the most friendly way, ,
to ultimately overcome their antipathy. The‘ _
giuntled ones,‘ however, were notdisposed to
placated. They talked among themselves a
Joe, and ﬁnally one of the bookkeepers, ad

5.
:2.

an athlete because he was able to do an-if
stunts at a private gymnasiumhe attended
larly, suggested that they unite‘ in an effort‘
Joe out of the business. The others ea; '
grasped at the idea, and several. consulta_;
were held to consider plans toward that end.
kinds of mean tricks were proposed, but no
them was adopted,/ as they did not promise,
successdesired, and the conspirators km», 
if they were detected at a ‘crooked " ’ o

  
        
  
   
 
   
 

   
 
   

  siesta,  my ‘:;B’i.A‘c9:I{siulI'i:IIi

Agveia hot time making explanations to  lEd-

rton. .
At length the dude clerk, whose name was
larence Coyne, conceived the idea of making life
miserable for Joe. He proposed that as a begin-
iifrg they should invite the budding young ‘con-
tractor to join a ﬁctitious secret order of which
hey were to allege they were all members, and
gut -him through such a course of sprouts as
fould send him to a hospital for awhile. This
lan was agreed upon, and Clarence Coyne_11nder-
took the job of enticing Joe into the trap. Had

* ‘a crowd known that the boy they disliked was a_.

ea: Samson in strength and agility they wouldn't
veztaken the chances with him for a moment.
But Joe had not.been called upon ‘to demon-
strate the latent energy stored up in his stalwart
rame, and his great good nature and easy ways
' armed any suspicion of his actual physical
esources. So one'afternoon.Joe was a bit sur-
rised when Coyne approached him In a friendly

»-way and suggestedcthat now he had been four
months with Mr. Edgerton he Join the Benevo-

em I and Protective Order of the Cavaliers of
50”“-V" . . . .V . .' ‘ C C
“We’re all in it, Samson,’f he said, “and unless
sou become one of us’ you will not be treated in
he social- and conﬁdential manner that you may
{think yourself entitled to.” . _ - _
‘Well, I have no_ objection to joining the organi-
aation if it's all right," replied ‘Joe, without any
uispicion‘ that Coyne wasjputting up a Job on

~v‘*fiﬁ?s all right, I assure you. The initiation fee ’

$5 andrthe dues $1 ,a month. That won’t break
011-." , . " ’ K . C
’ ‘No, Irguess I can stand it.” ‘  ~
"The beneﬁts attached to it are many, one of
[hich is $2 a‘week for thirteeuweeks in a‘ year
, you are taken sick and are incapacitated for
hlitnumber of weeks during twelve months run-
jug. We have a ball and entertainment during
'e, winter and a grand picnic excursion in they
ﬁifiiinmer. ~There are other advantages that you
" 11 learn after you have becomeya member. The
itiation ‘is’ not so strenuous that you can’t stand
and you will get a grip and a password. Then
you willlbe one of us, and that will wipe out any
ldness that youheretofore have noticed in our
eatment of you. Well, what do you say?‘ Shall
tit your name up at our meeting to-night?”
‘Yes,” replied Joe, pleased at the idea of get-
g on a’ more social standing with his office
“Very good. I’m.an officer of the order, and
Ill "see that youware accepted, Then you will
gdceive ‘notice’ when to attend the initiation.

ere are three degrees, and all. are workedyin ‘

ession, which showsyou that there is nothing
fpils about them.” ,
e

nodded, ad Clarence Coyne left him to y

ya, jolliﬁcation meeting with his fellow con-
rators, who atonce,‘ proceeded to devise »the~-dif-

4&3 ked V I
C   _XVj.—_-Conyclusion.

 eetinl .  the conspirators’, was. held in-,»a
the,«ha§1lri’e oi. the ($568  d

 things they would run in ion the lad they .

'1-.

‘  oi:hers7 connected with ‘ the? erg

disgruntled clerks, Danny was standing just under
, the window at the time they held their consu'ltai
tion, and he heard all the particulars of the‘ gain
they proposed to work off on Joe.
. “If dat wouldn’t jar yer! So dem fellerst
puttin’ up a job on Joe.
ca.ll de Y’yal Skyfugle an’ Full Moon degreestlon
‘him. Ho! ho! ho! _
don’t know wot dey’re up agin’. He could twist
dem geezers all around his ﬁngers an’ never kno)
dat ‘he wuz exertin’ himself. Gee! Dis is de best“
. ever!” And Danny ‘chuckled long and loudly. _' 
He decided, however, to put Joe on to the con,-
spiracy, so he wouldbe better prepared“, todeal,
with his enemies. He, did so that eveniiig, after;
supper, and Joe could hardly believe that hispoff

are

ﬁce mates contemplated playing such a mean triclp

on him. Danny’ assured him. that they meant‘
business, and suggested that he should’ not let oft
that he was wise to their game. . ‘ "
“Jest yer go to de initiation, an’ let" dem try’
a. fﬁltiv. t’ings» on yer. Yer kin -stand de racket..all
rig ~
little initiatin’ yerself. Jest show dem dat youse
kin work de__R’yal Skyfugle an’ Full Moon degrjeesl
~3ettgr’n demselves, an’ dey’ll let yer alone afte
at. « a

Joe smiled band madeno reply, and the 

_was'dismissed. Next day Clarence Coyne "in.

formed Joe that he had been accepted as a can».

" didate for the order,» but he took care not to say
anything about Skyfugle and Full<Moon‘degr,ees‘
lest Joe should become suspicious that the orde
wasn’t straight. On_ Saturday Joe received
printed notice,’ ﬁlled in in writing, notifying» hi
to appear at the rooms of tlieorder tonunderg
the initiation. Hechuckled as he read it, andtold

Coyne ‘he would be present. A Clarence said, he.

would call, at his house
the rooms.

“I’m to be initiated Tuesday evening, l)vanny,*’f,

for him and take l'1.ln'l:l'.0

. he said to his young friend when they went to:

supper that night.

“Dat so?” grinned the tough lad. “I wish}:
It’ll be aszgcod as

could go, too,’ an’ look on.
» the circus.” 

“I trust they won’t exert themselves too much.-

or they may not be able to work next morning ”’

said Joe solemnly.’ " ' ' '

“I’ll bet dey’ll know more whenwsley git t’rc" lg '

dan dey know now.”
“Experience is a good teacher.” ,  f
“Betcher life it is! Dey’ll, git all de experience.
dey want if yer let yerself-out. I’m t’inkin’ da
I tie Cavaliers of Coveo will be a sick lookin’ ~lot.o*'
’ ‘guys after dey git t’rough wit’ dat. initiation.” _
Tuesday night.came around in due course, and
Clarence Coyne also came around to Joe's roe’
Where he found the boy and Danny. playing
game of _checkers. "
“Come -on, Samson,” said Coyne. ~
were on our way.” _ ' , - , . ,
» The checker game came to an abrupt conclusi
and Joe put on his hat and accompanied the be
keeper.
Danny
at ‘a distance. Clarence took Joe to the rooms-go
 the :Wi'ndy City ~Social.,Cl,ub.,.of which he;.:,and:
‘other clerks were members. \_,Tli,ereawe”

Goin’ to work wot-gdey»

Jes.’ let ’em try it on, ,Dey'

Den when deygit. too rough yer kin do a’

“It is time we.

putlon his»hat,..~too, andpiollowed 

 7wi11 now

‘had been taken into the secret. They were not
to take an active part in the ceremonies, however,

as Clarence and the clerks desired to have all the ‘

fun to themselves.) They had it, as the sequel
proved. Joewas left to cool his heels in the ante-

room untilithe crowd was ready‘ for him. Finally

everything was prepared. Clarence came to him

Vnnd-told him to take oﬁahis coat, which he did. -
‘ bookkeeper then blindfolded him securely-

Th
and ed him into the meeting-room. We will not
describe the various ridiculous stunts that gee
was put through. The initiation was comparative-
‘ly ‘easy at first, but it gradually grew more

i'”ltrenuous.' Joe took it all good-naturedly, and

allowed his fellow clerksto bang him around to
suit their humor. ‘ ‘
, “What an easy mark!” grinned Clarence. “We
roceed with the third and last degree,”
heﬂsaid a oud. “This is the Royal Skyfugle, and
'lll‘make the applicant a full -member of the
~ nevolent and Protective Order of the Cavaliers
of Coveo.” L i ‘ _ '
{He directed Joe to mount a table, helping him
up‘. As Joe got up he reached down where he sus-

- pected that Clarence stood, and securing an/grip
" on the bookkeeper’s collar, he raised that aston-
ished young man right up beside him withione

ﬁrm; An exclamation of astonishment greeted

 exhibition of strength «on the part of the
.. candidate.

Joe tore the bandage. from his eye
Ind looked around the room. ,1 ‘V

.“Gentlemen,” he said, “I-think that I am per-‘
 ectl

familiar with the workings of the Royal
- ugle degree, and I will now proceed t.o do a
little. initiating myself.” ‘

‘ * Thereupon he grabbed Clarence by the legs and
“ﬂood him on his head, holding him in that un-
i digniﬁed attitude in spite of his frantic struggles
, to release himself. H

A roar of laughter from the members of the

4 Windy City Social Club who were looking on test1-
', ,.ﬁed their appreciation of this unexpected turn in

Iifairs. Joe then swung Clarence, who was a
thin little felldw, around his head with the great-

est of ease, holding him by the ankles. The book-

keeper was frightened to death. 
«, “This is what we call Swing the Club,” said
Joe cheerfully, “and is a very interesting part of
the Skyfugle degree.” I, '

Putting Clarence on his feet, he secured an-
other grip on his collar and held him out at arm’s
length beyond the edge of the table, thereby dem-

' onstrating the strength in his ‘muscular army;

_' “This, gentlemen, is where the candidate is held
in suspense,” said J oe. “

r“Great Scott! That chap isa veritable giant!” 4,

tried one of thespectators.
n “For Heaven's sake let me go!” tried Clarence
Coyne almost piteously. .

 f‘Oh, no; you’re‘ not half through the degree
yet," replied J oe. ! ,

J The doorkeeper had become so interested in‘ the
new performance that he failed to see Danny slip
inside the room and take a back seat. L

“Joe grabbed!’ Clarence‘ with both hands and
threw him eight feet away on to a mattress which
had}already been ua_,e¢l on Joe himself.’ The young

o ‘ractoar ‘tl1en_;jtlniped down and seized two of

V V }sAM§s0N,» V THE‘ BOY B‘LAci<sMirHi

the astonished conspirators and sprang on the
table with them,‘holding each by his collar.‘ .»He
held both out at arm’s length, and put the 
through various stunts that convulsed the spe

tators. Then he went for for the lasttwo of his’
enemies and chased therriarouncl the room till he”

then announced that the Royal Skyfugle degree
was over. He made the conspiratorsline up be--.‘
fore him, «however, »' which they did with great,
meekness. . ; . .
. “Now, my friends, let me give you a few words‘
of advice. Thenext time you try to work off alot
of monkey shines on a chap make sure that he's,’
Just got out of the hospital. I was dead on 
you from the start. You put this job up on me
to try and do me up_ because you're jealous of1Ime'_'
at the office. I advise you to cut such capers’ out
inthe future. To show you that I feel no'ill—wil1
toward you, let’s shake hands and be good friends’
hereafter. It won’t be my fault if we arenit_.U
You’ll ﬁnd I'm a better friend than an enemy)’  :
Four of the conspirators gave’ in and shook»
hands with him, but it was many a day there-
after before Clarence Coyne got over his chagrin‘
at the handling he had received from Joe and
consented to speak to him, except on business.‘ ‘ o I
Joe’s prowess became the talk of the social’
club, and it spread about among theirfriends. ~A.

_, reporter heard about the “initiation,” secured 

articulars, and published’ them, to'the great:

disgust of the conspirators.“ Joe joined the sod

clllb: andbecame very popular from the start. (
few months later hewas detached from the once;

and made an acting“ superintendent on the new "

aqlmducti a section of which Mr. Edgerton had‘.
the contract for. A’ year later he became super‘-»
intendent of an important job in the next State;
Joe’s success was now assured, andhaving saved;

his money, Mr. Edgerton gave him an interesting‘ i

the business, taking his note for most of the in

, vestment. To-day Joe is an equal partner in ’the,

business, with ‘considerable money, and on th
highhroad to fortu'n_e;‘ ’ i
in C icago the mistress of which was on I “ 
as Jennie itulofson. Danny Mann is a bi?-;$3?.
man, and doing ﬁne. ’ No one, to see him now

would think that once he was a ,tough,. friendleatl
waif. And so we drop our curtainaon isamson
the boy blacksmith, who rose from the anuiltti
fortune and success. f ‘ is

Next Week’s issue will contain “BOFS Ellis
RISK; OR, TH}: CHANCE THAT cAMEjBur.
ONCE.» , ,. ‘ , 1

Ac
3'3?“

‘roe co 2.:§."ef:.*:s.r:
g.ﬂ%wmsr.e.%sﬁ.zam§ ;,

TOBACCO, on snumv .HAmr Conan new
, . V A _‘NO1’AY  
New, safe uaranteed treatment for overcomln",
craving for igarettes, Pipes, Cigars, Chewing on §.
r1<‘ull,treatrnent {sent on trial. It satlsfactor ‘ s.

delivery. Itjt ails we glad! REEUND,»n%§m§
today. xvxzmnozr c ..»1i'o,x.w¢g,~ w‘, 3 b

He. lives in‘ a fine housef-

 again ,
‘their {vs/ay to the south.

‘him to renewed exertions‘.

f  mzietmm o 

l‘Ninety_ Degrees South,
it  or, Lost in the Land of’ Ice
"'13,: GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.),

CHAPTER III (Continued) .

?‘If .I‘ have to follow the eightieth parallel right
round the world I’ll ﬁnd a way through the bar.-
 ‘yet, professor,” said the captain, in a tone
f quiet decision. “Come, we can do nothing more

{£0-.night at any rate, and _I feel just like a. game
of. chess.” _ . , _.

“I believe he will find a way through,’ said

'.“So do I,” said Dick. ’ ‘
-7“Well, I'd like to stand by ‘Uncle Jerry, and
I don’t want to go back on you boys,” said Sadie,
the best man may win.” _ _ — _
“Supper’S ‘ready, folkses,” said J im,_ coming
forward,/wrapped from head to’ foot in a big
oatof white fur in contrast to which his black
face. seemed blacker still, “an’ ef yo’ don’ wanter
be lumb friz up, I ’viso yo’ ter come ah’ eat it.”
 vhe next day they cruised along the barrier tiH
ey found an opening, which they followed for
miles, only to come ‘out into the opensea
with the great ice wall still shutting oil’

(‘so I just wQn’t say anything ‘but ‘that I hope

They found .another opening‘ later in the day,

that the end of a mile or two.it came to an

abrupt ending, "and they were ob1iged.to turn
ack “ I

Captain Essex was determined not to abandon
s search, and these failures simply stimulated
For a week he cruised along the barrier, try-
every opening which seemed to show any
mise of leading to the south, and failing in
very attempt. _ _ , —
. .Oi'i both sides the immense barrier of ice arose
eforehim, ‘barring his way and seeming to say
 him that thus far and noyfarther should he go.
There was no, chance of landing and pushing
Ilittov the interior should the barrier be regarded

" the limit of navigation, for the cliffs of‘g1it- i
'§:ring— ice rose sheer’from- the waters to a height .
anywhere from a hundred to a thousand'yt,H'

i-mid’ -. ‘ k ew how far back they extende
' “It¥,1'(isOIsliempIl)y an ice barrier, that is all,” said
‘?§lil_‘l20 Dick. _“There is open water and land

gagyond; and I believe’ that our captain will get
_ , ,  H‘ *

xiii; certainly‘ believes it himself,”l' said Sadie,
‘and thatls. half- the ﬁght. I think if you are

_ lgoing to believe that I'll have to go over to

. ‘ side, and leave Uncle Jerry alone in the
ef that we will never get beyond the barrier.”
We'll get beyond it if anybody can,” said

i V, d lth y entered an ‘opening where
will: hgeiccfsbveree but little higher than-' the
f the" masts,.and' wherethere seemed to be
3' ‘evidence 3off_:their having» found 3 Way
nghf ~ »v: > -V. V ‘_ >  : -‘.

They, made three or four turns, keeping ingja
general southerly zdirection, however, and at
length struck into 52' broad lane leading due south,

and extending in nearly a straight line for twii

miles. \ H 

Then they made a number of sharp turns, 
at last came_to the mouth of a real: cave, through‘
which the burrent seenied to ow, but the outlet‘
of which could not be seen. * "

The entrance was wide enough and.high- enough ,
for the Pioneer to have entered, but the captain - \
wished to explore the place first before venturing

in,_ and ordered one of the boats ‘lowered.

Phil, Dick’ and Professor, Waddles were among
the first to enter, Sadie scrambling in next, being
taken for one of the boys in the confusion. ’ <

“If Uncle Jerry goes I've ot to go to takecarev 

of him," she said, as she too a seat next to Phil.
in the stern sheets, and no one objected. 
Three or four sailors went along to man th

boat, and Phil steered straight for the middlegaofé

the channel- - . — ‘
Under glittering arches of ice, which gave forth

all the colors of the rainbow, they went, the place ‘
being wide enough for their vessel for a consider» ‘

able distance. , - 2 ‘=e
i They made a sharp turn, and proceeded, trust-

ing to see an opening ahead of them, when all at

once they heard a sound like the regort of many

cannon, -the water was churned into foam, 

they were tossed about like a cork on the waves;-Q
Then when the water became quiet once more
they looked back and saw to their horrorthat

several large masses of ice had fallen and coin‘-j

pletely blocked the way behind them.

Unless they found another opening ahead .'of’

them they might beshut up forever" in the 
cave, with no hope, of escape. > g V V at

CHAPTER IV.
An Exéiting Race.

“What is to become of us now?” exclaimed‘
' Professor Waddles. “Here we are,’ shutup, in a‘
going to become of us, I

cave of ice. What’s
sa ?” _ .
“Get out the best way we can,” said Phil. “We

don’t know whether we are shut up or not, and’ u

it’s tiine to give up when there is no longer any
hope.’ . ' V A 
“But you can't see the ship, and so we must

be shut up,” persisted Waddles, who delighted in-
nothing more than he did in an argument, gla'r~- :

ing at Phil through his .big glasses and pursing’
up his lips.
not be shut up.” _ -
“Pull easy, men,” said Phil, turning the boat
head, “and we’ll see if there is a way out or not.”
There was plenty of light from somewhere in

the ice cavern, and Phil directed the boat towards.

where the masses of ice had fallen.

The passage in had been completely choked,  ‘ ‘

neither on the surface nor above was. there a
Sign of anopening. . , . ' l «
“I-Iallol” shouted Phil, wondcringif he 
_a tract theiattention of those on boardthe v
~- -.1nv.an instant the call. was  from‘

“If we couldlsee the ship, we would ’

 H, P aperfect shriek.

. g Phil.
* , strong, and was built purposely for ramming the

fund from all sides, dying away at -last to the
«faintest whisper.

,  There was no answering hail from the ‘Pioneer,

-however, and then Phil said:
“Suppose we all hail her at once. Then they
may hear us. Now,.then, all together!” ‘
“I-Iallo, Pioneer!” they all shouted, as loud as
- they could call. ,
There was a. perfectly deafening repetition of

 =.the_sound, and Sadie covered her ears and said:

“Why, this is a very cave of echoes. I won’t
dare to whisper a secret in this place for fear
Lit will be carried all around.” A ‘ '
 ,“Hzirk!” cried Phil in a moment. “What is’
that?”
They all heard a loud, deep sound, ending in

Is the place haunted?" cried

said Phil.

Mercy on us!

, " Waddles.

“That’s the Pioneer’s whistle,”

4: “They are signalling to us.”

In a moment the sound was twice repeated, the

 two whistles being‘ given in quick uuccession.
I » “Pull away; men,” said Phil. ‘"1 think they

{mean to go ahead‘ and try to cut a passage to us

' through the ice.” .

_' The boat retreated a considerable distance and

,then there came another shrill blast from outside
the cave, and a few moments later they could feel
aaiiecided shock, and then masses of ice began to

.f 1 into the water. '

.. - “He can never blow up the ice,” said Professor
Waddles. “That’s been tried before and doesn’t
work. i’ ' '
i “No, but he can force his way through it,” said

“The Pioneer's bow is sharp and very

5 ice ﬂees. That's what Captain Essex is doing,
you may be sure.” ~ A _
.« ‘ More ice fell, and presently a stream of light

 poured into the cavern from above their heads,

and then they heard the sound 0:‘ the whistle
much more distinctly than before. '
. Then more ice fell, and soon they saw the-sharp
bow of the Pioneer force its way through amass
“of I broken ice, and in a moment saw Captain
Harry'Essex himself on the bridge. .
' All hands set up a shout, and then as the vessel
.- slowly advanced, sending. out clouds of black
smoke, Phil cried:
a , “We're all right, captain.
aboard?”

Shall we come

‘fDo you see any light ahead of you, Mr._
,.F'reeinan?” . c ' I

’   norttai if‘ thegedizxere an opening.”
a eig 0 you n .
of “Enough for the Pioneer, if the walls don’t
ll ‘ ' .” ~
‘ .ﬁ‘_‘Tih‘ai?’§a_i1i1i1st it. I don’t want to take that risk.
,’Go ahead some and see ‘what you find.” .
Phil gave the orders and the boat shot ahead.
They pulled for a mile or inore, making a turn
wlaich shut thg Pioneer from sight, and then Phil
‘six denly crie  V ‘
 “There's a light ahead; 'there’s a way out of
ﬁtliis at last!” -.
_,wf'§'(lﬁat’s“§oodtcnoughafog the boalt,” m%ttered
a es ut i went 0 or your s ip. _o'you
see how low the. roof of your cavern is?”

',‘fI.declare,‘,iUncle Jerry, you ﬂk'B,j'l1$f tooemeanggi

 mm "AND FORTUNE WEEKLY’

said Sadie._. “It looks just asif you didn't’ want us?
to accomplish what we came for.” ’ ' I . *- .
“H’in! Bless my soul,‘child, if I did not di
cover the obstacles, we wouldn’t get anywhere,
muttered Waddles. “It isn’t that I don’t want
Captain Essex to succeed, but I don’t want to get
him into troubles that he can’t get out of.” ~
“I believe you are right, sir,” said Phil, whiz
they had gone several boat lengths .furthe’
_“The roof of the cavern is much lower than?»
was, and is growing still lower. I am afraidwe
could, never take the Pioneer through it, eveiiﬁif
we housed our masts and took in our smoke-"
stack.” -. ’ ,
“Don’t_ give up just because I said so, my boy,”
grunted the eccentric man. “Better go ahead and
get the exact height.” . .;
Phil‘sent the boat ahead 3. quarter of I a 
by which time the. passage had not only; grown“
much lower, but had narrowed as well and was
becoming still narrower. - V ,
‘‘Everything’s against‘ us,” muttered Phil, im—-
patiently. “The depth is even less than it was
at ﬁrst, and it looks to me as if we might groiindf
if we went further, for I declare, I can see bottom”
i and I couldn’t do that before.” _ "

“What sort of place is it, anyhow?” askéd
Sadie, in a tone of disgust. ’ ‘ j": '

“It seems to me nothing more than another’ 6:6
0111‘ blind alleys.” said- Phil. “The barrier;
nothing but a collection of icebergs, and no doubt"
there are many_ waterways and misleading ‘pas?-
‘sages in the mass which is constantly changing‘
Whether we can ever get through it or not
another matter, however.” A '

“Now ,you.are throwing cold water on the ex
pedition, cried Sadie. “I do declare, I thou-3"
you were more hopeful," Phil Freeman, but you’r
just as bad as Uncle Jerry.” 

Phil laughed and then told the men to his
water for a few moments. , I 

“What do you think. Dick?” he asked. “Is that‘
any use in going any further? The Pioneer ,c
never get through, that’s plain enough, but-
whether it’s worth while to investigate, further
is another matter.” ' ' _ ’ ’

“I don’t see much need, as long ‘as’ the Pioneer‘
can’t get through." . ‘ 1

At that moment several sharp’ cracks i
heard, and Phil gave the word to‘ pull aheaz

‘The sounds’ were repeated,‘ and then sev
splashes were heard, followed by two or ‘it
sh p reports. ' ' V ‘

" he whole thing is falling, seems to irié,’.’ ,
Sadie.

“The berg is simply squeezing tog*etl,ier,,’»’_‘rf
marked Waddles. “It often happens ‘that?
change of wind causes——” . g‘ 

“Pull ahead!” shouted.Phi«-l, as two or tb. -
more sharp reports were heard. - "If we get.
of here we’re lucky.” J .,  r .’ I ‘ V‘

Several great masses of ice hadfallen b

/and formedthe cave, and if these’ tops gave".
the bases might come together and the spar:
tween cease to exist. ,; : ,. 1. ,  -A I: 

i ,  (To be mntinued.).};.

  
  
    
       

 
  
  

FAME Ann roRriiNn,‘ [_ __ »_ ‘A 

 H V A ’ ’-'  p H -  f’  * ‘iI_!H_l’.‘l.le rlhythmof the dance,‘isaccompaniediby -
  Fortune. e ,7-eekly s,g§sa;"‘¢:li1e:1i;‘o1tin%-‘t1l:1hei)p(1i'ecise positighr of ‘the’, fefeta.
'__',. I4 \ an“1, . A 
1 NEW ‘YORK, NOVEMBER 13. 1927' ' "WA dot’ '0: fine 5: (t)her"Iines indicates the step,‘
,  ‘ v I p _ eachline beingreservecl _for_an individual step. ,
‘-   S B -.  One upright "stroke to_the _right or ‘left, before‘.-

. . ‘A * 7   1.4 \ _ ‘gliilec 1<1i1:t1,‘isr;g§)<:sates tlé:n(g?‘%(3li|)OIlh0f _thetstlep,tw1l(ii]¢
., ».' v V ’ ' _ are _e»y orizona sro_es..
. ~ .' i .. . _ - - Symbols over theidots indicate the extent of the 5
S — . . . - .
\ ‘§2;vo?d2,, Eﬁ£kNf,?N13_gi5f:§e§“f;e{t’§f; ﬁgfnﬁttghcgé turn:_A quarter circle, half circle or whole circle,

,; nPys ottﬁzgrsgvrag ggecgghyoigrhrisk. was aeceplt Postage deimtlng reipgctivelyila qtif1arter,'ha1f;or fullturrﬁ 
y. s . . _  ‘ en Sen 1113 saver wlfap -_ t is poin e out t at is notation systernwi "
"’ %3i3éi33e.“ “»‘\’z":’l€§“§o"u‘f?°°x.a‘}f.e’”’§.‘?i‘I’i’ §?i&1”&‘§ 33133113’? enable the .°rea‘°°r 0f a new dance *0 have this
    -------  i  is
yet ‘opy ‘ we on s . . . . . . .. ‘7 ‘‘ $1.00 ' ‘ _ V _ ,
Erie qqpy six Months ......... .. “ , *- 2.00, steps that are taken precisely as a musical critic’
one Low 011*:ff;,f§fm"$;,‘5;6:';,«;,;eigl;‘ 35 M“ 4-00 _ can detect the false notes that are played or sung. , .9
die“ letfersrto ' ‘ v _ ' - A ._ Vii;/'h(;=,th;=ﬁ_ the_ avgragée tdancerdwililh be Willltilg‘ 3 _ V

. . suy_ eprine noaion an a erestricty ,
Wf:4SoT§[;RYsfU]:I‘;SHII§G SOC--tlhﬁ - the printed steps is another question. ' '
._e ar, ree , cw or i y. , ~ l

V E!) '1’:-lea. and El‘:-gas. ~ _ _ l _ l
, I, 00- res. an 90. ’   
A NOVEL WELCOME M

  ‘3Who is your prisoner?

 
   
    
      
  
  

  

     
       
      
    
 
     
        
      
     
 

  
 

  

 

 
  

V “The Prisonerbf Zenda.”

, , ‘‘BEATING THE BOUNDS” , “Zenda m»’\’
ﬂan old custom has been ‘revived at Newport, _
of Wight, called “beating the b011ndS.”~ It is .  —-—-—?-

annual survey by the officials of the town. The - i -SILVER TREADS

  

—-Annapoljis Log.

  

  

, ession, made up of the governing body and ‘An’ Optimlﬁt is 3 woman Who 1002.55. for gray. .
' ' s. of the neighborhood, march around the .boun- hairs through Sm0k9d glasses. _ " —
“' "es of the town, the boys carrying willow _ ,-r—U- Of 3'. California Wampus.
 with\which' they “strike ._the confines.” The '_ , ' —-~.-—-,——— , 
 " in survived in the United States up to the i “ AS THE FELL-ER SAID-—

teem-,h cent,u‘1-y_ As the trafﬁc: cop said after arresting the V
’ speeder, “I pulled a fast one that time,” ‘
' ‘ ' ——/lnnapolis Log.‘  ‘

  

 

     
     
     
    
       
      
    
        
   
   
     
       

W o‘oL WI§‘5IIL(}rL1I&§SBgl£1iIf§S‘ WILL" l3E ____?
 ‘ - - '- - - , GIRAFFE l ‘\
aﬁzésﬁiggfgrglosglﬂgfpglbﬁigggnoz? cl: They call that gal Giraffe because she’s all neck '
zzmacticany entirely of glass_ I V and has 9. spotted career. _ _ ~ v V
ccording to the plans approved today, the - -'M“’h'-W" G“”'9°3’/l"-
ding-will consist of a frame of steel and con- ' - ‘- '
,‘ete,"‘with outside walls of heav plate glass. A ‘SUMMER IDYL

artitions separating‘ the class ooms will also ' thgéalgg lfgﬁlrzfi :};1i3gf0‘::;’tp0%31 d‘)e$f”aSa’s‘}’1‘;’ug;_°i:gi \ ;

ingvas much :1/nﬁght cheer to to struggle into. her slim sonority sister’s one: 
teachers and pupils as possible. T9 carry the P1309 bathing S“1’‘- , ‘.
_rful_ness still further, the new school will be _ . ‘ —U' °f S‘ Cahﬁ W“m7’“9-
unded by a beautiful park, visible from . ——.—-~———- - ‘
section of the building, even the inside ' _ MASI-IED_IN ADVANCE * V
If the experiment is successful all ‘new’ “Why-are You Yuhﬂlhg 8 Steam r011e1' Over tha
ols here will be built along the same lines. . ‘ﬁeld?’ asked the Stranger» l
 . , ‘ ' 1“I’irii tﬁyiifig tofraise mashed potatoes‘/’ ex-
— , ~ K» paine t e armer. , ‘ -
_ WRITTEN  SETS A ( ,__Le}yn-gh Balm’. Z
ian—.—and other-—‘dancer's whetherof the * — . < . - F , ' ' i
the tw0_gtep' or the chaéleston, may ﬁnd Angry Wife: Will you tell me what the long. .- -~
‘elves-»'called on to be more precise in their Nd hall‘ Oh V0111‘ 0031? means? C ’
alzions and to indulge less in “personal g'es— C'°“'_e¢t°d. Husband: MY deal‘. that means just 
n in ' » ’ - one thing—,ti‘oub1e! ‘ —  ‘ .
—M. I. T. V00 D90. " ‘

No OUTQLET,

  

   
 

  

  

   
     
  

   
    
   
 

  
    
   

system has been invented, and may be..

1% into general use, by which all the steps’/.. ,_ ,

glance are-expressed in written or printed « _ _ ,

‘ Not only each step, but each turn of Philip: I hate those revolving doors. 2’ 7-‘

_,a3~well,  belindicated on -the printed Azlorrlsz sgao, I. You can’: slam them me

~  five lines? ,‘yon’re‘.mad.J r n  ~ ; V‘
mach of tea 4 ~

  
  

   
    

 : ‘lad.

-, ‘right away, in the bargain.

1 the mone
, which ha

’_ FAME Ann

R

 HNear To Deatlril “fl 

1

I, ‘l “Charley, will you step this Way a moment?”

“Yes, sir,” replied a bright and meruy-looking
“What do you wish, sir?” /

'.‘I want you to go to Staten Island for me, and
Get ready, and then
I’ll tell you what I want done.” ,

i , ’ “All right, sir,” and Charley Green disappeared
"for a few minutes, to reappear ready for a start.

" “Now, Charley,” saidlMr. Reynolds, Charley’s

‘employer, and one of the largest dealers, I’ll tell

' you what I want you to do.
w /hundred dollars, and be careful not to lose it.
' You are to deliver it to Sidney Banks, the oyster-

First, here is five

man", in person.’ You know the man, do you not?”
«Y - . y _ .
."D§s3r§l1r know where he lives?”
“No sir.” '

? “I’ll’ give you directions, then,” and Mr. Rey-

nolds here gave Charley a minute description of

-_ the route he was to pursue, and wound up by
 saying:

“Now, let me caution you againtabout not los-

: ing the money, "for Banks has a mortgage due~to-

inorrow .which he. wants to pay ..oi‘t"with this
money; It will be dark by the time you getthere-,
I suppose.
sooner, and lastly, here is five dollars to pay
your own expenses should you be obliged to stay
all night.” / g ,

-“Thank you,” said Charleyrpocketing the ﬁve-

. cc ' ' on ,
,,spgt§o “Anything more . ,.

“Good-day,” and /Cha_rley.lei't the office, and,
jumping into a West streetcar, was soon on his

~ way down-town to the Staten Island boats.

.. He reached Banks’ house, as Mr. Reynolds had

'' conjectured he would, just about dark. ,
- Walking up the narrow path that ran betw’e_en-

rows of beds planted with various kinds of gar-
deii truck, he stepped on the little porch, and
knocked at the door. ’ _

It was answered by a pale, worn-looking little
woman, whose face’ lighted up at seeing him, for
-she,‘ instantly conjectured that he bore with him
that was to clear off the mortgage

row, meant a foreclosure and a loss of their home.
4 “Is Mr. Banks at home?” inquired Charley. ‘

“No; buthe will be in about ‘two hours. Won't’

you come in?”

 “Thank you; yes,” and he followed her into the
gbest room, which she opened for his accommoda-
/V ‘l3lOI1.;- W V I . 7. l V

. “Are you from New York?” she asked, ashe
. sat down. ‘

H H ' .
fgﬁghi Mr. iReynolds‘.7’i I . l
 ‘ es. 5- . '
She‘ gave a’ sigh of relief, and after a mo-
ment?s silence, askedyif he had been to supper.
No,” rep1ied,tl_ie.lad. , , r y '
I’ll" etydu some, then 5-fo’ if you-,walked over
 Jzi . . st 'beWboth red and

‘Tell BanksJ could not send it any"

hung over them for a long while, a‘
..very bugbear, ,and which, if unmet on the mor-

‘k

liioirril ‘VIN E‘ WEEKLY “ ’ 

And’ despite his remonstrances she lirrimedia
left the room, and Charley heard the pans
kettles rattling in a way that sounded very s ,
for he really _felt almost in that state, whic «jg
deﬁned_by_ saying: ‘fI’m as hungry as a=bear li-

- She invited him into the kitchen a short
later, .and Charley was soon discussing i
vigorous manner the food she had prepared

While still eating a knock came at the kitchge  ,

door,_ and in response to an invitation to »“'G"
in,” it was opened, and a dark-featured, sq
‘ﬁgured person stepped into the room. V
“Good-evening, J91‘1”.Y:” said Mrs. Banks.
“Good-evening_to you,” was Jerry ,Black»’s
ponse, delivered 111' asomewhat gruff tone, ,
at the same time he was sharply eyeing Cha
“My old woman wants to know. if you can
her have spine tea—j_ust a little; bit-—till she. go

.‘ to the store to-morrow.”

“Yes, I guess-I can spare a little,” and g ’
to the cuphoard, from a canister she took ' 
ounces, which she gave the man.‘ ..

:‘§anks ain’t home, eh?” ' ’

l 0.7): I .‘ I

“How about h_is'mortgage to-morrow,?” 7

“That is provided for,” and_M_rs. Banks :glanc
towirrd whéelre Charley was Slttlllgl. ' .,”

“G:)nodrnIi1iigh€l31ige:l1 to you;.good-night. _ ‘

J an the door closed behind
‘gig: as Mrs. Banks returned his parting sal

::XVl;iic;his he?” ashectl_ chagiey. ' I ‘

“Why ‘f§"i‘.Z“§v'§r a‘£“il'- ‘ 1 v»

“Yes Idrunk.” y‘ mg e Se.

“So. He has a sneaking hang.-dog look ~ 5
tell dtlrie’ truth I wouldn’t like to have imii
gru lge aﬁainstyme, and as,Charley, finish
Spea mg e shoved away from the table to sh
that he and eaten enough. . . v ‘

011(2) Vtl:lI@.St0Sti:.}f1llng indoors, andhe. determin
g uin eoenair. .- e 

The liouse,wasl)within ﬁfty or _seventy-ﬁve
0? the beach, and thither he directed ,h
s eps. _ I ‘ i . ‘ ‘ .

H_e walkedkalpng, occasionally stopping as, 9
sound _struc I is ear, until, he was at least,
half mile from the__home of the Banks’._ 

_The eastern Ririzon was Just bec_oming"t_
with -the rays which dart up precedingthelgri
of the moon on a hot _night_. . . y / ;

~As_he stood watching,_ the light grew -stronv
and Just as the first silvery edge of Luna
peared, a step behind startled him. I ‘ ’ '__ H

He attempted to turn around, but too late
heavy club, wielded by a_ pair oi‘? powerful a‘
descended on his head with terriﬁc force’, a_ ,_
sank_ upon the sand, senseless. ' . >

With a chuckle of satisfaction, the br
had struck the blow, and who. proved to 1)
Black, stooped over the ‘body and-» riﬂ
pockets of their contents. , 

“By gum, but I believe I’ve cooked _lii
Shall I leavelhim here? .}_Io_,'I_gues‘s .
‘not. I can get my boat in ahqfut. ajsiiiy,

y I’l1'take him out and tumble lsim in the

He ,disappeai~ed up th§,_ beach,‘ bu

. came back with :a boat, wich he

feet friomthe‘ uh ortiratel
began. to; show $11

    
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
    
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
 
    
    
  
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
    

 

Picking him up, Black tumbled him into his
pa ,‘ and shoving off, headed her out into the
ay-,’ but, a moan escaping Charley's lips made
‘in drop his oars, and before he resumed them
egagged and bound his victim's hands.
'_.“Out, out he went, until Staten Island was quite
stance astern. *
, Then he prepared to throw overboard the now
conscious lad, who fully realized from Black’s
vements what his intentions were in regard to
y.«,’£_Ie -struggled to unloose his hands to burst the
' rope‘~that bound them, but to no purpose were his
£1'an'tic eiforts, he had been bound too securely.
Jerry Black had served one or two terms in
mg Sing and at ‘Trenton State Prison for vari-
mis misdemeanors, and was a hardened wretch.
e picked up Charley and prepared to ﬂing
mminto the water, when he suddenly stopped
“laid him down. .
‘This was caused by the approach of a side-
‘ljiieel steamer out in the bay for some purpose.
, tshe was but a few hundred yards distant,
ihemoon became obscured by some clouds which
ssed below it, and after a‘moment’s hesitation
E ack tumbled his living freight overboard. .
own, down went Charley; then he returned
he surface; but with his hands useless he
, d‘do nothing, and, moreover, the steamer had
‘ , fed her course’, and he was directly in her
A G I - - V C '
'6"-sank and rose again.
The vessel was near--oh, how near!
He’ was about sinking once, more, when, by a
perhuman eifort, hestrained the knot.that tied
‘hands together; an instant later they were

5
S

g pidly came onward.

 ' "~m'inute——a half—-and he -would be under her
Is, which, striking him, meant death; and,
rily, he was near it.

>Bu‘t just at this juncture a wild shriek rang
lit,’ a scream of distress, a cry for help.

’_J.‘.he pilot, seeing the small boat so near. the
‘w,..it being revealed by the now unclouded moon,
, antly rang to back her, and just as the wheel-
’l_:et's would have crushed in the skull of the
‘ ,s‘ lad, the wheel was suddenly reversed,
Vwas thrown away from it.

‘ ,who had so opportunely cried out?

ﬁtter Jerry Black threw Charley overboard he
upright in his boat,‘ wishing to make sure
sdisappearing beneath the waters, never to
again in life. »

1 saw the lad rise and sink the second time,
, w that the boy was in the steamer’s course.
kg ‘saw the bow as it reached the lad, and

 :steamer’s bow brushed him aside, and she

seemed as if there must have been some

angel watching over Charley, for just
moment when’ the villain thought all evi-
of his crime was gone, one of thedolphins,

an be seen disporting themselves in'the
, ,3 ‘f the bay at almost any time, frightened
,;« teamer’s approach, ‘threw.himsel,fl above
tar, and striking Black fair in thestomach,
i y.,w.'i'nded: him, and as he went overboard
¢irds= he uttered‘ ‘the

‘ithougli saved ‘islife, alsoy;sent';h1i11j

  
  

    

    
 

l FLAME‘ AND FORTUNE WEEKLY,

shrill ‘cry for help, i V
’ gabout ﬁftyriiersekeepezfs.

 

to Sing Sing for twenty years, as it saved the, - 9

life of the lad he would have murdered.

Seeing Black struggling in the water, one of
the deck-hands jumped overboard to his assist-
ance, and supported him until they were within
ﬁeaﬁh of a line thrown them from the steamer’s

ec . .

They were drawn up and were about to pro-
ceed when a faint moaning sound from Charley,
who had hoped they would see him, was heard by
those on. deck, and a close bobbing above the
water. ’

Jerry Black started violently, when, a few min-
utes after Charley had been discovered, he raised
up from where he had been laid on the deck, and
saw the ﬁgure of his intended victim standing
closely beside him.

Several hours later they landed in New York
City, and after Charley had his wounds dressed,
and saw the would-be murderer in custody, he
went to bed and slept for a few hours.

He was up betimes, and, although stiff and

sore, with the recovered money in his pocket, he — 

felt as happy as a king.

“ He took the ﬁrst boat to Staten Island, and
hurried as quickly as possible to Sidney Banks’
house, and arrived just in the nick of time to
save a deal of trouble by giving Banks the money

to pay oif his importune creditor. _

Jerry Black was tried for the offense, and, as V I
we have before intimated, was given twenty ‘
it

years’ board at the expense of the ate...

———__.._—jOj—-Q-o—._——

HORSES ARE AT  VANISHING POINT

ON LONDON’S THOROUGHFARES

London is saying good-by to the horse.
briskness of trade some weeks ago at the Ele-
phant and Castle Repository—-London's only re-
maining salesyard of “general purpose?’ horses—-
is evidence of this fact‘. _

Jovial countrymen toyed with straws or lat-
tling harness while 250 horses were put up for
sale. The number offered did not mean that thi
popularity of the horse is likely to be revived.

eading London contractor was selling every
horse, van and harness set, “owing to now using
only motor transport,”'as the catalogue phrased

it. A large ﬁrm ofmineral water manufactur- —

ers, which is “replacing with motors," also offered
horses and harness. ’

* One hundred London railway horses were of-
fered for sale, and‘ beneath the Southern Rail-
way’s offer of thirty horses appeared the words:
“Being sold owing to further adoption of motors.”

Most of the horses were purchased by farmers ,
for from ‘10 to 14 guineas ($50 to $70), and will A. a 

pi-zrhaps work'out.the rest of their lives jogging
a on
try anes. Otherswill eventually ﬁnd their way
to the canal towing path. »

The fewremaining London “cabbies” are grad-
ually iving up the losin battle with taxis. The
“grow er,” like the old
away‘ andwill only~ reappear in the case of na-
tional emergency like the great strike. Thirty
years ago London was full of, cab yards, some of
which ‘held asmany as,200_ cabs and emplo

   

    

  

Thé "

in the more congenial atmosphere of coun- V

 

ansom cab, is passing” C “

 
  
     
    
   
   

     

I , WHAT BRITISH LISTENERS ENJOY ON '
» -- s THE AIR

; «Twenty-ﬁve thousand ballots mailed to the
adtish Broadcasting Company by members of the
. ireless League, organized to determine the de-
sires of the public‘ in regard to programs, re-
sulted as follows: 1, military bands; 2, light or-
’ chestral music; 3, variety; 4, instrumental. solos,
and,-5, church services. Thirteenth on the list of
fourteen items ~, came “foreign stations,” while
‘‘talks’,’ were last '
In most cases studio performances were pre-
. ferred, with a notable exception in the case of
, church services, which were liked better when
I relayed from a place of worship. I e ‘
. Dance music was seventh in order’ of prefer-
ence. . ~
It is pointed out that membership of the league,
however, is small compared with the number of
listeners, though it is drawn from all, classes of

   
    
   
   
     

* the community. ’ I .

‘ THE SOVIET AND WOMEN’S VEILS

, . Something like a merry war is being‘ waged in
7‘1‘nrkestan over women’s veils. Turkestan, po-
litically a member of the Union of Soviet Re-
publics, is overwhelmingly Mohammedan. . Be-
cause of their faith, the women still wear the
characteristic veil, which used to 'be universal in
Mohammedan countries, though it has’ now been
~ abolished‘ in Turkey and denounced by the Soviet

as a badge of women’s inferiority.

 After an attempt to abolish it the chief of the
Moslem clergy of Tchusta, one Abbas Maksumoif,
called ‘together a conference of mullahs and in-
ﬂuential peasants and induced it to appeal to the

to them that “a woman who discards the veil is
not a legitimate wife, and a‘ man» who permits
his wife to -perform so dishonorable an act is him-
self an inﬁdel.” ' 
: Then a Soviet Commissar called a meeting‘ to
agitate against the wearing of veils. Thereupon
’ Abbas Maksumoif rallied his followers to the de-
gfense of the Koran and, invading the oitice of the
. / Commissar, tried to destroy ‘it, killing a soldier
-  stationed there as aguard.’ , I T ’

MARCASITE USED FOR ORNAMENTS

In the revival of marcasite, especially for use in
‘, bracelets, earrings and brooches, e world of
fashion is witnessing one of its most familiar
phenomena-—-the return to favor of an old, avery
.old, material’. Marcasite has been known for many
centuries, and every now and then the jewelers
. “put forth new designs in the burnished, _steel—gray
mineral with _its gleams/an_d glints_of light.‘ ,
* Marcasite is really pyrite, or iron_ pyrites-_—
chemically, ferro-disulphide. Its possibilities in
the way‘ of jewelry making attracted manufac-
turers of ornaments long»-ago and they used it
{or buttons, shoe and belt bucl:les,' and for other
T ‘_ ~ ‘adomments: {About 150 Years ago 

  
   
 
  
  
   

   
 
    
 
 

  

  
  

   

it ooon.RsApiNo

 

people againstthe Soviet propaganda, declaring V

  

. 1

  
     
     
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
     
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
  

casite was much liked..by sword makersgawho.
adorned the hilts of the weapons and their scali-
bards with this material. . .. ~
A famous sword of George Washington, whi
was sent to _him, according to legend, ‘by F1-eke’
ick the Great of Prussia—“from the oldest en-
eral in the world’_’—-has a hilt of marcasite. 
vIron pyrites, of which marcasite is one’ form
once played an ‘interesting role in an incident of
American history as “fools’ gold.” Some of
early settlers or explorers of Virginia, ﬁnd ._
the iron pyrites there in abundance, thoughttlfi
they had discovered wonderfully rich stores
gold, and loaded -a vessel bound for Englaniiwi
the stuff. When it reached the other side;
chemists there were not long in discovering —its
real nature, and were greatly amused at the “ex;
pense of the disappointed colonists.

 

STRONG PAPER, MADE FROM FIBR '
WILD SPECIES or PINEAPPLEE .03

Manr’s increasing need for a er lon —' since
him from the ragbag to the frbrgsts. g 
have ’furnis_hed him wood pulp paper for be
for_ newsprint and for the cheaper writing
teri ls, but he has had to go back to the ragba
for be stronger stuff needed for ledgers, .bo'nag‘
and currency, For bag or wrapping papér, aw
rope and waste tow were also utilized, bu
and rope stock fall short, and man has had ‘to
forth anew in search of materials for dura
paper. . ’ I ‘ 1  _ 

A promising material, reported from~the.trbp:si
cal jungle, is.» caroa, a member of the pineap lb.
family. Natives of Brazil from time immemo ’ -
have gone into the wilds toxcut-the long nari:
leaves. They beat them between '
erate the ﬁber and after combing and washi
weave ‘the ﬁber into twine for nets, ﬁshing Ii .,
and ropes: Caroa, it has been found, can be madg
into paper. ’ "

In the laboratory, caroa was evolved’from ’"
into paper. The rope was cut into inch leii er‘
then threshed, cooked in a. solution of ca
soda, bleached and beaten, until no lujm
knots were_ left. The stock was pou‘red,_i
mold, where the sheet of pulp waspformed in;
diately on wire. The sheet _.was then presse '
rolled and air dried. ' - ' s ’

Laboratory tests were followed by others
experimental paper mill of the Biireau of
ards. The product was found to have a bu
strength the same as that specified for th
papers made from rag or rope. Caroa ﬁbe s
cylindrical, comparatively long. and of small
meter, properties which enable them to -felt east
giving compactness and strength to the sheet

There is no caroa industry at present, but
supply might be had if permanent demand:
sufficient to make harvesting -and transp
worth while. Aside from’its‘ ﬁber, caroa» i
to yield other valuable,'inaterial%t--gum '01
sam, pitch,and’acld,_ “ , 

. l

 ,

  
   
   
      
    
   
  
  
      

  

  

 
  
   
    
 

  
  

  

      
 

  rdRirUNE

pry’; .  gr’!

) vvsuicnr

CURRENT NEWS

, TIGHTEN PARKING RULE ON MANY

_  NEW YORK STREETS .

5 Automobiles parking from 7 A. M. to 10 A. M.
’g. d from 5 P. M. to '7 P. M. on several busy
éfistreets is banned in an order issued recently by

I ‘K’ olice-Commissioner Warren The order will be-

come effective in a short time, when’Wa1'n1I1E

-signs have been erected. All streets included are

‘two—wav traffic lanes. Sundays and holidaYS are
excepted in the new regulations. _.

" he streets are Fulton, from_ Greenwlch

Pearl; Chambers, from Greenwich to Park

" New Chambers, from Park Row to Pearl;

d ‘from ,Varick to‘ Allen; 14th Street, from

. . “’ Ei hth Avenues; _23d Street; from

, ourth to Eig th Avenues; 34th, 42nd and 57th

iStz-eets, from Eighth Avenue to Park Avenue,

 59th Street, from Second Avenue to Fifth

("The order permits automobiles to stop to re-

e or discharge passengers and vehicles actu-
any Ioading or unloading merchandise.

GREAT SHIP "DISASTERS

' ll ' 1' t f sh‘ disasters‘ of recent"
 ’;° {,‘;s°"Z'.:2g,, 1§on«3m'ze,dwby The Assoczated
" 99:. . I . - I ‘ .
1898-—La Burgoyne, collision with British ship
13:1,-omartyshire; 560 lives lost.
‘ .1904’—Genera1
“ﬁgﬁiéd in East River. New .York. 1.021-
’ V904-—Norge, wrecked oﬁ’ Scotland,.646:
912'--Titanic, sunk in cgllvision with iceberg
‘ i . 9 12 ' V ,
h r9uir2—Jth ﬁfilfiiiéz Etgiidler Kicker Maru, Sunk Off
' ’  . , ' ..
ag1i4?£]§I:11;;§ss1:f Ireland, sunk in 0011151011
 Danish collier Storstafi. L024-
15__East1and (excursion steamer).

over-
med. in Chicago River, 812.

—19_15-—-Lusita;nia., sunk.by German submarine;

%é;1,9§’)81'l;‘.—-Chinese steamer I-Isin Yu sunk off China,

K 9]:6—-French auxiliary cruiser Provence, sunk
3,Mediterranean. 1.250; ' x, ,
W 17,.—British warship Vanguard, explosion,

'g_;Japanese battleship Kowachi, explosion,

' 1g;_c¥;81§ps, unheard
3'd);id:fﬁongkong, wrecked off ‘Swatow, China,"

from after leaving

it TIME" CABBY STRUTS HIS LITTLE
 .»HOUR / /f"
e. s one ofthe" sturdy survivors. _-He is‘ a

a man of spirit, too. Though his vehicle
ctoria, proypelled  horse power in the

‘-

Slocum (excursiori ' steamer).

lines of commerce surge along the Avenue, noith~.‘r7

bound, south-bound. For miles they stretch, for-
ward and back, ﬂowing, crowding, impatient. But
the lights in the traﬁic towers change from reenf
to red. The traflic cop holds up his hand; lows -»
his whistle. The cross street has its chance ‘now
and the Avenue must wait. 

He is a cabby, and, -as it happens, has just" .

reached the impasse, which is a whistle-—shrlll',
commanding——and a lifted white-gloved hand. ‘
The cabby reins in his horse. With an imperious

sweep of his arm he signiﬁes to the line he heads, :37

the line of motor cars behind him, that progress »
must surrender to pause. There he sits as the
proud head of the procession; and there is a kind
of splendor in the poised, arresting power of that
arm. It is a gesture.
way.

Presently the lights will change again "from
red to green; again the traﬂic cop's whistle will
blow and the lines of commerce will press for-'
ward in their ‘eager march. The cab driver—so
imperious now, so the master of the situation——
will become. once more just a rather forlorn old- . 1
time ﬁgure, slumped on his box behind a horse
that clop-clops on the pavement. But while the
spell endures, he is a kind of king, an imperatorg

REDEEMING’ RAILROAD TICKETS
" FOR A RESOURCEFUL MAN , _,
The man who redeems unused railroad tickets
has his troubles. He must meet all kinds of peo-
ple and never lose his temper. He must know
all kinds of tickets and what their redemption
value is. He must examine tickets, answer ques-’ 1
tions, count out money and smile—all at the same
time. If he has any time left he must spend it
studying the new ticket forms constantly being, ,
devised by the railroad’s passenger department.
People want all kinds of tickets redeemed for
_all kinds of reasons. First in line at the window
may be a stenographer who bought a ticket to the
shore, only to learn that she had to work Satur-
day afternoon and could not use it. Next to her
is a man who bought a round-trip ticket to New
York and did not use the return trip because a
friend of his brought him back in his automobile.
While the ticket redemption_ clerk knows the
fares between a greatrmany points, he cannot be
expected to remember all of them; There are sin-

CALLS.

gle fares, round-trip fares, one—day excursion. _, .
; fares, sixteen-day excursion fares, fares for the‘

clergy. for railroad employes, for commuters. Be-
side the ticket redemption clerk is the typical
railroadoﬂice is a rack containing lists of the"
fares to all points. 5 “’ - 
A man will come to the window with a part of”

a‘— commutation _ticket which he wants to have  I

deemed. The redemption clerk must ﬁgure out
its value very carefully. Commutation tickets ar '
sold at rates considerably under the one-way fa
When unusedportions of a commutation ticket‘
are redeemed the rides used are reckoned at the
regular one-way fare. This usually resin, ' 
a storm of«jprotest..as. ’

‘thin s-_ should .,b c

Yes, it is superb, in ay _.

 S 119

it "0'1"0n the GoldlCoast; or, The Treasure of the
I _ Stranded Ship. 1
 :Lured by the Market; or,
1 L in Walljstreet.
109 Trading? Tom; or,’ The Boy Who Bought
Everything‘. . g V .
10 Favored by Fortune: or, The Youngest Firm
' ' in Wall Street. -
Jack J asper’s Venture :1 or, A Canal Route to
Fortune. : _ ’
1112,[After Big Money: or, Turning the Tables
. 0 on the ‘Wall Street Brokers“ ‘ 0

A Boy’s Big‘ Deal

1 re; A
- ‘, Worked His Way Up. .

14 Ralph Roy’s Riches; or, A Smart Boy's Run

. of Wall Street. J 

”»{1,1l5"’A Ca.staway’s Fortune; or, The Hunt for a

4'  Pirate's Gold. ‘

‘-The Little Monej Maker; ‘or.’ The Wall
Street Boy Who Saved the Market.

_’1»11'7:v Rough and Ready Dick; or. A Young Ex-

- press Agent's Luck.

I ,

 11$ Tipped Oil’ by '1{e1egra.ph;« or, Shaking/V Tip

the Wa1lStreet' “Besy.rs.”! .

The Boy Builder; or,_ The Rise of a Young
Mason. A M.»  .

120 Marty, the Messenger; or, Capturing Coin

_ i’ .._‘in Wall Street. . 0

121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The Career of a
  Bov_"Merehant. . *

I22 Digging ,Up.DoI1ars;. or, The .Nerve...of. at

V Youmr “Bull” Operator. _'
A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried Treasure
the Incas. ‘~

i 1124.‘;The Old Broker's ‘I-Ieir;V or-,; The Boy Who

,Won In Wall 1 Street.

125“ From Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy Who

Made Money In Land. 
‘.126, Rugged Rob ms Wall Street; or $50,000 From

“ at Dime. V 1

127 The] Boy Railroad Magnate; or, The Can-
t I tract,‘ That Brought 3 Million. L .

Daiidﬁ Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or, Hus-
’, . ‘cling for Gold in Wall Street.

2 Caught By Cannibals: or The,Treasu,re of
~ the Land. of ﬁire; V .  %
130 The’ Little 0» rator; or, Cornering the

1 — . ‘,‘,Beers”7of all Street. »

123

or .

hle Thrall iteivsdeolers; or‘?will be sent to any
3' or postage stamps. } . . , 1 S

>

Young Lumber King; or, The  Who. 

          

1 -.--Latest/Issuesi .1

‘1131 my Line  oriuimding a. 're1¢grapn{}Lx;;a
1132 A Boy ”of¥the_Curb; or, The Secret of
Treasury Note. S .. T ‘T

1133» From Foundry Boy to “Steel King; 95-», t'.l.‘he_;

_ Rise of a Young Bridge Builder. ‘
113.4 The Missing: _Box of BuI1ion;jor,, The Boy
: ‘Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery.» ' 

1135 Claim No. 7;
A Mine. _ L.
1136 Out for Big Money;
Wall Street Traders.
/1137 The Boy Ice‘ King; or;
' the River. _ _ S
1138 Four of a. Kind’; or, The. Combination, th
Made Wall Street Hum. » 0 . < 0
1139 Bo£‘)h:i:r:i1;d{o1&:0(;;;¢‘i:rt‘r:ctor; or The . Treasufe

1140  Boy ‘From the South; or, Cleaning Out

or-,'vA Fortune from a. G9!’
or, S Touehing«.Upv*7 J

Coinihg Mane}? 

,,,

Wall Street Crowd. 0 e 1 ‘
vHa1, the Hustler: or, The Feat Tha.t:Me,’d§
1 Mim Famous. T ‘   I 
A Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner
Couldn't Be Worked.’  " . L ‘ 
Dollars From Dust; or,» The Boys/S»
Worked at Silver Mine. 7  . _
Billy Black, the Broker’s Son; or,‘ '1‘
Worst Boy in Wall Street. 1 V ’ 
Adrift In, the Sea;
Lone Reef. 1 « > ’
0 1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The
_ I Who Puzgled the Brokerso  (I ,1?
Wireless Will; or, The Success "of 9. Yo,
Telegraph Operator. 1 . ‘   1
Wall Street Jones; or Trimming the The
‘ Traders. . ' ‘S , ’ . '
1149 Fred the Faker; or,
. Street Merchant.
The Lad» From
, “Big Bonanza.” L V _ 4
The Lure of ‘Gold; or, TheV"T1‘-easu
Coﬁin Rock- 3 f‘ I  0 >1
Money Maker Mack; or. ‘I‘he ‘Boy
Smashed a Wall Street “Ring.” f
Missing Fora Year; or, Making-, 3 Fa”;

1144

1145 or,» The Treasure. or

3147
01148
The Success of a  {
1150 ’Frisco; or, [Pushing
1152

1153 S

in‘ ‘Diamonds.

1154; Phil, the Plunger, oz§fA lmervly Boy '
of~Chanee. It 3 I ' ‘. “ ‘- ~  ‘

addl‘eS/S OI! receipt OT   

ESTBUR¥i?UBLI-We    1

