NEW YORK, APRIL 6, 1923 Price scent,

‘V

While Joe stood looking at the overturned box of gold coins. a la.

the noose tightened around his body. The next inatant he was dragged into
the dark opening His friends uttered cries of alarm.

  

   
 

Westbury

5.5‘:-...., «g

FAME AND   FORTUNE   WEEKLY’ « 
"7’I;sued WeeklB——subsci-iption‘ price. $4.00 per year Canadian, $4.50; Illioreign, $5.00. Copyright. 1928, by V

uhlishing C0,. .Inc., 140 Cedar Street. N ew Mark. N. )1
Dec. 8. 19112. at the-.|—'ost—Unice at New Iork. N 1,,

meted as second class Mattel
under thevAct of March 3' 9 .

 

NEW YORK, APRIL 6, 192%

Price 8 Cents.

§_ - No. 1175 -

1

_ B};

,;‘

  

CHAPTER I.—The Derelict.

 “Well, if that isn’t the queerest hooker I ever,’
yaw I don’t know what I’m talking about/’_, said’
zaoe Darcy, to himself ashe sat ﬁshing from‘ a~
frock at_the foot of ‘a sweeping promontory_that_
Evfguttedv intot-he Paciﬁc Ocean, and squinted his
eyes toward a mastless hulk that was being
%Jvi7_e¥_d into the busy little port of Santa Catalina,
 'a 1 ornia. ’ ' ' . *
‘Milt was a queer boat, as the boyremarked, of —
_for,eign,buil.d, and so storm-tossed, and weather-
beaten that she hardly looked worth the trouble
of saving‘. However, the skipper of .the big
5’ bark that was towing her in must have thought
 diiferently, or he wouldn’t have picked her up.
"Outlandish as was’ the derelict,,,_'“lt' had a sub-
Vystantial value, for its bottom was. 'copper—shea»thed
I heavily, and its timbers and planks solidly braced
and bolted. Joe was pretty well acquainted with
all the variou sscrafts that sailed to and from
»_ ‘Catalina’, and ‘lie’ recognized jthebigf bark as the“.
‘Star of _I-Io'pe;»Captam Beardsley‘, owned by Tup-
per & _Co., whose warehouse was close to the,
‘waterfront, and not far from the little niarine
‘ju”n’k‘,'shop ‘of which Joe,’s uncle, Phelim Darcy.
.-‘wa,s..~the proprietor. Mr. Darcy’s shop had more?
than a local reputation. It was known _from one
‘;end;of the Paciﬁc Coast to the other.. ;And.« its
}"‘1:ep‘t1tation was not merely that of a common
gjunk,sho.p, ‘but a repository of lmimberless rare
Iancl feuriousvt articles wrought in metal,-. blown in
glass; and; carved, in wood. Around the entrance t
_were1‘coiled many yards of yellow, rusty and long,-
Sdisusedq chains, an anchor-_or two, with their
7ﬂu'keS_,_,upturned like the tails of, diving sea
ir_h.on‘sters; old galley stoves covered with tar-p
|.:‘i“'I3hed‘- pieces of sailcloth; piles of iron belaying‘

 

 

  

s,‘rust,v, butas good as ever, as well as 3.
‘V ref, orytwo of other marine articles impervious,
W‘ ﬂ3'e,'Weather.- ‘Two windows ﬁlled with tropical’

-'ﬂlliéll;s,k stuffed birds, small offensive weapons from; 5 ‘
 in the distance that was not visible tohis eyes,

hegisouth Sea Islands, andother curiosities too

umefbus to, mention, faced?‘ the Wate1'front£,é§§id—

  
  

beyond.“ ;

same the ilgtgriorf-‘d£.}.the shop wtuia its

Tjjbéfore r 
d over thgvﬂoors, ‘pile

“tere d iri thexcorners, and

A 'SELFjMADE MAN,

7 "what<.,was in"it. ’ _ y ,
‘ ‘had, but to him it was amomentous ’o*nje’.,.f 1: fo
jlowed him intohisvdreams» where he . '

it_e‘v‘:in1poss'i1>le, for‘, - r_elyv‘such,a collection ,was', f , l
' ’ ,dur,_e-jc1s.d* island. of

‘under, onezroof. , .>It “W33 

 

Joe Darcy’s Treasure ll-iuiit-

i OR, THE SECRET" OF THE ISLAND ‘CAVE V  7‘ 

 

upon ‘shelves that rose from the ﬂoor of the ceil-  

ing7—everything~ apparently in the greatest ‘con— —~
-‘fusion, and yet quite ordc‘rly[.tq the eyeof the /
proprietor, and to Joe himself, both of whom_

I could pick out at a_ moment’s-‘notice any article ,
-  the place. V. Pliehm I)arcy’s priyate .office was =
a little museurn, and in it, on top ofithe old-W j '

fashioned safe, and overlooking the. de'sk_,'Was ,9.
certain bird’s‘-eye maple cabinet,,With‘ a silent—

slidingdoor, which contained artié1es_tha.t* had,  , '
‘in Mr.‘ Darcy’s, opinion, prospective and. con— 
tingent values. The junk dealer bought all the .-
waste paper he could get hold‘bf—.not, only old 4-,. 
newspaper, but every kind of paper “offered to~ . "I

him.

' -It was a_ p rt of Joe’s, dutyfto ‘sort,-this stuff
out and ban‘ -e it up for. transportation to‘ San Q
Francisco. -Acting under instructions fromvhis =

uncle, it was his practice to rescue from the gen- —;:: " ’
,.era1 mass whole and frag-mentary’docun‘1ents of — ’
,.;,every description,‘ such, as receipts, menioranda,
 contracts, cashed check-s, outlawed notes, and‘ '

particularly letters,'_’all‘ of” which h?e..-laid on
Phelim Darcy's desk for, that individﬁal.’s.:-.clo,_se

inspection. Much of this stuff, carefully indegced, ~, » "
’ foundla resting place in the little‘ cabinet,  ’ ‘-
only the junk. dealerknew. why it went to» roost?‘ _ 

there. [When not particularly busy,’Joe‘himself'

15ook,_the liberty of inspecting’ many of these . i
’ articleshimselfi as he picked them, out. _\ _

day he found a letter the contents of which iI_!- »

terested him greatly. Instead of turning it over _
y  pocket, and subm  3~_‘.T'
sequently locked it. up/in hi‘ own trunk in‘ his , 

One

to his uncle, the put it into

~ attic ’room. ,

Time“ and again he vtooli "it outiandi reread v - t ,
with an eager avidity that indicated the interest _ _

he took in it. Then he would sit and gaze out_

through his open window at the rolling-Pyaciﬁc ‘
 "with ya wistful expression "on his bright and:z,nanly="

‘countenance, as if’ his mindvconjuredup 8. ‘picture,

Joe never told, his,’ uncle. about that.,Iétter_, 

znoi sxréat  Sh

a ﬁ_‘spa1~’_k_1—ing* éﬁopi sea’ ‘with

 

  

 2o  7,  JOE DARCY’S TREASURETHUNTV

sight but the boundless horizon. The island was
as real to him as the miscellaneous contents of

\the shop, but its latitude and longitude were as
a sealed book. Somewhere out in the vast Paciﬁc
Ocean he was sure that island existed, but where?
~—that was the rub. Ah, if he only knew! He
was thinking about that island when the big brig,
with the derelict in tow, showed her nose around
the point of the promontory, and steered in for
the town.

The odd spectacle drove the island from his
mind for the time being, and he fell to speculat-
ing as to Where the skipperof the “Star of Hope”
had picked her up. Joe» was as curious as the
average boy. Here appeared to be one ‘of those
mysteries of the sea he had often read about and
heard sailors speak of. She was too far off for

Joe to make out with his naked eye whether there .

. was anybody, aboard of ‘her; he therefore con-
jectured that she had been abandoned b her
officers and crew under the impression, probably,
that she was about to founder. Yet that sup-

” position did not appear to hold good, since the
derelict stood well out of the water, an indication

 that her hul,l_was staunch and sound. Joe argued, '

with common sense,vthat no matter how badly
battered a vessel might be‘ in her upper works
from a storm, or succession of heavy gales, skip-
per and crew were not likely to leave her for
the uncertainty of crowded boats and the con-
tinued hardships thereof, if her hull was sound.
No, the ship’s company must be on board at that
moment, or some other reason must beyfound to
account ‘for their disappearance.

“If thoy’re aboard.” thought Joe, forgetful of
a ﬁsh that was wriggling on one of his hooks
just then, “they are probably nigh starved, for
that craft looks as if it has been knocking about

' the ‘sea for months at the mercy of the elements.
Why, the iron work is red with rust; I can make
that much out from here.” '

At that moment the struggling ﬁsh gave such
a tug at the line -that Joe’s attention was at-
tracted to it, and he proceeded to yank it out
of its natural element, and land it in a little pool
behind him where several other ﬁsh were swim-
ming around in circles‘ seeking for some avenue
of escape. _ . .

. “Iiguess I won’t ﬁsh any more,” he said, after
‘counting those hehad captured. “It won’t be
long before half the male population of Santa
Catalina will be down on the wharves trying to
make out what‘ Captain Beardsley has brought
into port with a tow-line. The curiosity of some
people would knock you silly. I can’t aﬂ“ord_ to
let the mob ‘get in ahead of me, and I’m going
to take a boat and go off and get a closer view.

With that purpose in view, Joe wound up his
line, strung his ﬁsh together, and started’ for
the town. He hustled along, for he had some
distance to go, and the path was by no means

 direct.
- he saw many idlers congregated on the wharves,

 

some with telescopes, looking "off toward the in-‘

, _cozﬁ-‘ting “Star'of Hope.” The arrival of any
'*«—»':.vessel of. size always attracted the attention
. offrthose who had iiothing better to do than to kill
a time.” I-Ie hurried to the shop and ran up‘ a
—‘ rickety pair of stairs to the second ﬂoor,vwh'ere

  
     

 
 
 

 \ r.

 
 

 

‘the big brig, and merely nodded as he walked to- . V:

v would be able to buy it at a ﬁgure that would '‘i_

, those articles.

When he ﬁnally reached the waterfront,

..the;‘housékeeper was employed with ‘preparations

.. ,.; a.i.'..».é1..,.r '. ,

 

“Here’s a mess of ﬁsh for you, Bridget,” said
Joe, tossing his catch on the kitchen table. .1
“Sure that isn’t half a mess, Joe,” replied the "
woman. “Didn’t the ﬁsh bite to-day?” 
“Oh, I guess it’ll do for one meal. ~Maybe I’ll ,
get some more to-morrow,” answered the boy,‘ 3
ﬁurningd away and getting downstairs as sbon as ‘*’

e cou . ' ~

His uncle was making. a sale in the store. Joe
waited till the customer went away. -

“Say, uncle, the Star of Hope is coming into
the harbor,” he said.

Mr. Darcy was not particularly interested in

ward his office. The crew,,adoubt'less, would have 
curi0sities_to sell him, for it was a common
practice with Sall01‘S' who went to foreign parts _ 4‘
from Santa Catalina to pick up what they could,
that struck them as odd and unusual for ,the“.—
purpose of making extra money on their return, ‘,1
as they knew the junk dealer was a ready pur- '~
chaser, though generally at his own price. _ .
,“She’s towing in a derelict/’,continued Joe.9 ,3
The word “derelict” acted like magic on Phelim 
Darcy. The vision of an auction sale arose be- ‘
fore his mind’s eye, and the chances were he,

 

give him a considerable proﬁtwhen it was broken ,
up and sold piecemeal. . ’

e had orders now for old copper, and ship-"
timbers, as well as second-hand rope, which he
could not ﬁll owing to a -dearth in his shop of

 

_“A derelict, eh?” exclaimed Mr. Darcygstop-A
ping short and eyeing his nephew with interest.

“Yes, and she’s a peach of a one,” said Joe.
“The worst you ever saw in your life. Been
knocking around the lord knows how long.”

The junk dealer's face fell.-v That didn't prom-
ise well for the stuff it would turn out. He wasn't J
looking for rotten timbers, and decayedvrope, and
metal with the life eaten out of it through corro-f
sion. There was no market for.,«such stuff, and’
Mr.’Darcy never burnt his ﬁngers ‘With it. ’ 

“So, it’s a rotten hull? How do you know?
You haven’t;been close to it, have you? I thought '

ou went ﬁshing,” he said. "

“So I did go ﬁshing. I’ve just got back. But
I saw the brig and the derelict when they came.’
around the Point. I. had a good view of both,:-
though not a close one. I don’t think the wreck.‘
is rotten. Cap’n Beardsley couldn’t have, towed.
her in if she was. Sh stands well‘ up, jwhich»-.."
shows she hasn’t any W ter.to speak of inside of?
her. If she did have any it has been pumped out. ~ ‘
Her masts are all gone. The three stumps only.
remain.” ‘) V _, , _

“Then she’s the wreck of a ship?” . ._  

“I’ don’t think so. Too small. Must be a barque. 
There’s good’. stuff in her for you to bid on when... 
the time comes, but for all that she’s a curiyosit ’
for fair as she stands now. I’m going to take W
boat and go off to her.” . i — , -

“That’s right.‘ Get aboard and look her over‘
as well as you can, and when you get back y
can tell me how she sizes up. Take particular
notice of her timbers, and whatever rope she’s ’
gotleft. Get into, the lazarette, if you ca.n,.and,.~
see what's there in the way of rope and spare. ~-
sail.‘ Understand?” .  ’ y “ 5 ‘ ‘

“Yes, uncle.”  _ -V » _ ..

..r.s_&.’.u3a’s..;u.§;da_..; 5.; s.

  

    
   
 

l. ‘I ,\‘_. “_ ‘.1 ’:l' ‘‘''‘‘i.-‘''* 
« ~» — 1‘_' K’  _,5 4’ ‘~ ‘ x‘

  

./ .1, .
,~ 

if "‘Then be off." V d . V I _
»Joe needed no second bidding. He started like
agshot for the wharf/ in front of .*-the warehouse of

l~’ Topper & C0.

 

'\CI-IVAPTER II.——’—The Strangers from Nowhere.

As Joe crossed the roadway. Mr. Tupper came

 -,ut of the warehouse and walked down to the
ﬁharf. He was a portly. well-‘fed gentleman, and t

{as looked upon as.the nabob of Santa Catalina.

ff-‘l he wharf was vacant save for a small coasting

sloop that was mored on one side and had just
ﬁnished discharging her cargo‘ of ﬂour. Joe
looked for one of the boatmen that hung out

', there, but not one was in sight. .The bunch had?

gone down the bay to meet the brig and her tow.

At the end of the wharf stood a gentleman who

was in the ship chandlcry business. [He had a
spy-glassin hi_s hands and was surveying the brig
and the derelict througliit. Joe stoodby on the
chance that the ‘gentleman would’ let him have a
 peep, too. ‘ - 1
‘ . “Well, Mr. Brown, what do you make of that
xlvréck the Star of Hope has just. brought in?”
asked Mr. Tupper, coming up".  ‘
" “Not, much, Mr. Tupper," replied the ‘ship’
‘ chandler.

,—_thejfbowsprit left. What I can’t understand is
‘ the character of her crew.” _
_ - _;,‘The'n there’s people aboard of ~l1er?” said the
: ship owner. ’“‘
m“1l:e”s. _Quite a number, and all apparently
ac . " - .

. .‘‘Blaek,l’’  I »
 “That’s'kwh'at they a;_1);peai~dt1hIi'oii}gli thehplajssri
Take arloo for yoursel ’«an r. rown an e

~ the glass to the brig owner. . __
_, Joe listlelned totheii: cgngierqsatioii \;7'l{.]l1 glreat
‘ interest; e was surprise 0 . ear tia ie ere-
Tlict was manned, by black men. Mix". Tupper,
whose eyesight seemed to be better than the ship
chandlei-—’s, said that the men were not negroes,

, but were certainly much darker skinned than any’;
',_of 'the‘natives of the Pacific Island.’ - ‘ V 
 'JJ“The wreck is a European-built craft, and .I
judge that she has come from the‘ far East,” he 1
 said»: “Got blown out of her latitude. cl_ismasted,«

"an;1,nthen ﬂoated about ;till 'she« ﬁnally got into
thejtrack. of the “Star of Hope.” Well, we shall

‘have the .pai'ti‘cular,s presently, for the brig is’
‘about to.drop her anchor, and then Cap’n Beards_- .

lefwill come ashore at once to report to me.’f

‘ The Star of Hope let go her red-painted anchor
with a tremendous splash, and then, with a swirl
, and gurgle, it vanished intothe dark green water.
~ ‘Someof her upper sails had‘ already been taken
in, and now Joe could see her crew busy furling
_.h3;,r_lower ones. By this time there were a. dozen

   

  
 

dmts ofthe brig,,and soon headed fromthe

wharf. where Joeiand the others stood. ‘

“ Jnthe stern saticaptain Beardsley, and he was

coming also to report his arrival and make his
on concerning‘ __,the -wreck.

   

  
 
  

~

 

JOE DARCY’S TREASIJRE HUNT "

“She’s nothing but a hulk-all her-
inasts gone by the board, and only a section of .

equinox, in latitude--”

imore persons at the Vendiof the wharf, fall of, "the veSSel.Jby"f.°rce and kmedthe Oméérglgiﬁ-;¢

them sxéeculating upon‘ the character of the dere~ ’-
li‘ct:‘._[,- boatwas dropped from the starboard ~— 

T its hands disposing of .them.". .
ashore as soon as possible,

‘exp, , _ The * boat,-
daslied up to theelandingeistairs and the skipper 

   

   
 

:.

was presently shaking hands with M _Tu'pper
and the ship chandler. ~ -. ‘_:

“Well, Mr. Tupper. I’m a couple of days he-
hind my time, but that IS due to the derelict I
piclgedhup in mid—Paciﬁc,” said -Captain Beardsley,
in o orn tones.’

“Wghat wreck have you in charge, cap’n?” asked
the owner.

‘‘Don’t know, “sir.”

“Don’t know? Is_n’t her. name
_ “Her name has been scraped from the stern,
and is also missing from the bows.”

“That’s singular, isn’t it?”

uver .9:  3 ‘

“And her log book and other papers?”

“Gone. Not a book, paper, chart or instrument
aboard.” . » ’
“Your words would indicate that officers and
crew are gone, too; but who are those dark—skin-
necl individuals I saw aboard of her through the

glass?” V i — "
“Don’t know that, either.” — 3 o
‘‘Is their lingo so unintelligible that you .can’t -
get any information out of them?” " ’ '

J!

. “Yes, sir. They’re the worst jabberers I ever ; ‘

heard, and yet not .a word of their talk can any

of usunderstand. I thought I’d seen a sample of

about every race under the sun, but I confess "
those} chaps are new to me. I can’t make out.-to

save me where they came from, and certainly

their presence aboard the derelict is a mystery.
One _can see with half an eye that they know
nothing about seamanship. I suspect that they
were, carried ofhfrom their native place by’ acci-

- dent, and yet how such a thing could happen gets .

me. The wreck has every appearance of having.

been looted. That would give one the ideaythat ,, .. 

oﬂicers and_crewp had been done away with." _
“When did you pickthe wreck up?_7’ asked Mr.
Tupper. ‘

“On the 23d of last month, right afterthe-‘
\ - ’ v

. 1‘

“Never mind the latitude and longitude now,_, i ‘

cap’n, you can p_1‘it_in‘ your written report, but

give me the description of the derelict.” ,
“When we found her. the masts and what was‘

left‘ of her top—hamper,-, were hanging over her

‘ smashed port bulwarksior ﬂoating alongside; We _
»had to cut the wreckage away to right her. We: ~ - "
‘found some tWe.nty‘da,rk'-sldnned fellows aboairdgi _l

whose. identity we 'couldn’t fathom from their’
guttural, explosive language. They were half

, starved. Whatever eatables they had had aboard

they had cleaned up before we met them. The
like of ‘their jargon was never heard before.
When’ one talks the whole of them jabber away.
at the same time. Then they all stop at once, like
a clock run ’down. ‘Ill say one thing for-them,
though they re a pretty ugly looking lot, they

seem to be perfectly harmless, which upsets the V .

theory that theymight have taken possession of f

sailors.”-_ _ I , ,

‘.‘You say there are twenty of, them?". .~

“I believe/that’s the number.”— . * ’ '

_ “Seems- to me the town will have a problem.
.as — 

 

The _ eight to ‘ige -iéiigﬁsp
0 , ‘ x v ' Vx
out‘of place aboard the wr,eck.1;:’ éyarg  §~ 
, {‘The,authoritzes—_will have-topass ,on  5 -

“I agree with'— you.

     

1_i\.-_,‘

 

      
  

  

 

you sure these people are not of the cannibal
stripe?”

“Positive. We couldn't get them to eat._ salt

” horse, or oven canned meat, but they went ‘wild

over rilzzm duff, sweet crackers and sugar. ‘We
caiight several dolrhin, and when they were
cooked they ate plenty of that article with great
relish.”

“Well, come up to the ofﬁce, cap’n, and we’ll
consiclov this singular state of affairs. You’ll
dine with me, so send your boat back with orders
for the men to return around ten O'clock,” said
Mr. 'l.‘ujn.per.

Captain I.‘.oar<lsley spoke to the two sailors in
the boat, and then accompanied the owner to the
wars.-house. The’ crowd of eager listeners melted
away and left Joe- Darcy almost alone on the

_ wharf.

“No use of me going aboard of that craft while
those natives are in her,” he told himself.
“Thcy’d probably follow me about wherever I
went to see what I was up to, and asithere are
twenty of them, I might get into some scrape.
My uncle will have ‘to wait for the information
he wants till later on.”

When Bob Smith, one of the boatmen, returned
from his vicinity o-f the derelict, Joe plied him

’with questions concerning it; The answers he

got confirmed’ the impression he had already
formed about the wreck.

“You saw the live fellows aboard of her, didn't
you?’? he asked.

“I did, and heard them, too.”

_“They made a lot of noise, I heard Cap’n
Beardsley say.”

“I should say they do. Sounded like a pack of
They

“You’ve hit it. They loolr and act like a crowd
of lunatics on the rampage.” —

‘ﬁrecrackers ﬁred of’? in an emrifv hogshead.”

“The cap’n said they all talk at once.

. mus’: be a crazy bunch.”

“They'll have to be landed here.‘ I wonder‘

what the town, authorities will do with them?”

“Put them in some building till they can ﬁnd
a way’ of getting rid of them.”

“They'll have to be fed and taken care of in the
meanwhile. How are they dressed?”

“In civilized garments for the most part, which
they haveipicked up so.mewhere—-maybe aboard of
the wreck. One chap who seems to be the leader

'had on a plug hat, and he looked tremendously

funny in it.” .

“'The cap’n said they’re harmless. What’s your
idea?” I \

‘‘Couldn’t give you any information on the sub-
ject. I didn't go aboard to see how they'd re-
ceive me. In fact, no one was permitted to board
the craft. Benson attemptedlto do it, but was
warned off by the brig’s mate.” .

Joe had no more to say, and started for the
junk store. ’

. “Well, what did you ﬁnd out?” asked Mr. Darcy,

‘with an air of expectation.

“Nothing that you wanted me to learn,”.r'eplied

Lthe , boy.

.”"‘1\Iothing"?” said his uncle, with a frown.
»-5“I didn't visit the wreck.”

I " . ‘.‘Why_, didn’t. you?” asked ‘the junk dealer,

I V sharply.

dz

  

‘ ;‘.‘Beca_use}Icouldn’t-get a boat,‘_in~ thewﬁnrst.

i » - v « . ' 7'

Ni“ V,_{. > ,  , ‘.,.

   

1

JOE .DARCY'Sl’.l‘REASURE HUNT _ _ 

. I l
place, and because if I had gone out to the wrecii
I couldn’t have golf aboard of her.” l,

. “Why not?” : 

“Because she has ~ a crowd of blackamoorst

aboard of her.” i ',
_“They were aboard the derelict when she was‘
picked up.” i 7

“Well, they'll probably be landed to-morrowﬁ
then you must get aboard.” . "1,

“If they are, the town will have something t .
look at.” ' "

“How is that?”

“Because they are a strange race——somethin i
out of the ordinary.” ' 
“Who told you‘‘that?’’ ;
“I heard the cap’n tell Mr. Tupper so on thei
wharf.” l

“Humph!
to supper.”

Joe went to the door and lounged there. Ther
was still plenty of daylight, and he could see th ,
wreck lying astern of the brig. While he was:
looking at her the mate of a coaster came up.-5
He was looking for sundry marine articles that:
his craft had run short of. Joe sold him a small‘
hill and accepted an order on the captain in pay-
ment. This he handed to his uncle when he came
downstairs, and then he went to supper himself,
and entertained the housekeeper with a descrip-
tion of the derelict and the odd live cargo of her.‘

Go out in the shop now—I’m goingl

CHAPTER III.——'I‘he ‘Skeleton of the Wreck.

A consultation was held next morning between
Mr. Tupper and the town oﬁficials with regard to
the disposition of the strange natives; The au-
thorities didnot enthuse ~over the responsibility
that was practically thrust on them; but could not
refuse to accept them. Captain Beardsley was
ashore, and, being called into the conference, said
that, judging from his experience with the odd
people, they could safely be trusted not to give
much trouble. He received permission to land
them, and half an hour later three'boat loads of
them, comprising the bunch, were landed at the
Tupper wharf, where an official was on hand‘.-to
meet them with several of the police force. ' A.
crowd of loungers was on hand to catch a look at
them, and Joe was among the spectators.” .4 ~ ’ .

They came thronging and chattering up the
wharf like a troop of man-monkeys, and peculiar
looking beings they were. Short in .stature,@a~l-
most black, with broad, shoulders andlong, gorilla-
like arms, that seemed to hint of great strength,
and each of them had upward nostrils, after the
mould of the primal ape.‘ Though hideous in ca -
pearance, they seemed uncommon happy in the :7,

,.shore freedom, and acted like beings from a -

other planet suddenly put down on earth. I Every’-.
thing astonished them, and their jabbering 
continuous, like the rattle of musketry. , , . ‘ii

They followed the two policemenat the «hetdf
of the column in a perfectly docile manner, and?-.
the other foﬁicers had no trouble whatever to keéjiﬁ
them in order. There were some old salts in Sari-‘Ii;

‘ ta Catalina, but though theseshellbacks claimed;

to havevisited every island under the. sun,‘from'§
Borneo and Madagascar to_ Pitcairn, or_No-'Ma'n’si
Land, they reluctantly «admitted that these fore,”

   

   

  

..m

i
i
,,,_ _ .

-; aps were the mystery of the marine world.
.' ,hey‘couldn’t place them to save_ their lives, nor
translate their language. One sailor ventured an
éopinion that they resembled the wild _men ‘of Bor-
eo, but the other salts disagreed with him, and
go the matter could not be settled. The strangers
. ere housed and fed, and after they had been in-
,‘ pected by the town oﬁicers another meeting was
‘eld at which it was decided to ship them off by
wos and threes in such outgoingvessels as the
captains of which could be prevailed on to tak .
ifthem. ‘ *
, In the meanwhile Joe got permission from
gCaptain Beardsley to go aboard the derelict and
iinspect her.« This he did after dinnerathat day.

,-The deck of the wreck had been cleared of all r

Tilitter by the crew of the “Star of Hope,” and
ftherewas nothing to see there except the stumps
Lofgthe three masts, the badly shattered bulwarks,
;the working part of the two pumps, the capstan
iforward, and a few other things that the sea
could not wash away. The galley had disappeared
completely, the cabin doors were smashed, the bin-
--nac1e,hoodV was gone, but the compass _was ulnin-*
jured. _ '
The steering-gear was twisted out of shape, and.
,the- rudder had been torn away. The skylight on
the cabin roof was smashed to bits, leaving a gap-
ing hole. -The cabin and staterooms were as bare
almost as the day the craft was built. Everything
thatcould be removed was gone, just as- if the
_vessel had been looted. The lazarette was also bare
of the odds and ends and extra stuff always to be
found there. ‘The forecastle was in the same con-
dition. As the hatches were all battered down,
Joe presumed. that the cargo, which from the
height of the wreck above the water could not be
Ye;-y ygighty, had not been tampered with.
 Indeed, it was his opinion that she did not carry
any cargo, but was simply in ballast. _ _
“U‘ncle will be disappointed, for there isn_’t a
hit. of rope worth the taking in the derelict,”
thought J oe, after his unsatisfactory survey.
“I-I.o.wever‘, he’l1 beable to bind on plenty of good
timber and planting; and there seemsto be some
brass plates. The copper sheathing, as far as I’ve
been able to see, looks good, and when the old
hooker is broken up she’ll turn out quite a pile
of bolts and other iron’ material that we can ship
to‘ "Frisco at a good profit.”

« ‘Joe was standing in the lazarette with a lantern

in».;hi's-hand’, as he mused on the unsatisfactory

_«condit»ion,of the wreck, and was on the point of

retreating to the cabin above when his ears -were

~ saluted by a sepulchral groan. _ y ' v
“Goodness, what’s that?” exclaimed the boy,

hishairialmost rising on end, for there wasn’t a
Sign oﬁ any living’ thing in the place, nor a spot
Where’ one could have been concealed. .

;~~»The groan was repeated, even with more grue-
_.‘some~ vehemence than before. Joe had heard about

Jéaiinted ships, and his legs began to shake. It

id;Tnot seem possible that anything human could.
li£WI§;,g~iven utterance tothat blO0d:Cl.'l1‘(ll1Ilg‘ sound.
It“s‘eemed to echo around the \lazarette till the
‘chnﬁned space ‘re-echoed with repetitions. After-

.,the lapse. of another half a .-minute came.'a third

‘groan, followed by a gurgling sound like a death»:

ttlev;i»n,ar.'man’s throat. _ 
* Cggat < c_o1rh,pletedi- -Joefs f'i'1ght,~ . and

     

u;p_..1nto~ hefycabin wasa caution.‘ 5

the [way he“

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT ’ »  5

He didn’t pause till he got out on’ deck into
the sunshine. Then his courage began to return,
and after some reﬂection he :~*came' to the cone -
sion that the noise he had heard must have been
made by the shifting about of some heavy pieces
of cargo against the’ bulkhead.

“Sure, that’s what it was,” he said. “There
ain’t no such thing as ghosts, even if sailors
swear there are.” ,_ '

However, he didn’t return £6, the lazarette to
pursue further investigations on ;;the subject, but
went ashore to make his reprrrt to his uncle.

Next morning after the wreél‘,<_,h_ad been sur-
veyed and pronounced good forthe junk heap,
she was towed onto the: beach at high tide, and
when the water receded she lay on her side with
only a small part of her stern keel in the bay.

The sale had been advertised to take place im-

mediately. It drew a crowd of the idle and curi-
ous.
had. things pretty much his own way‘. The.dere-
lict was found to be merely balasted with stones.
Mr. Darcy_ got the wreck at a bargain, and when
the next ﬂood ﬂoated his property, a winch and
cable drew the hulk high and dry on the shore.
He lost no time in setting men to work on‘ her
under Joe’s superintendence. The breakirig up

of the wreck proceeded rapidly. The timbers were ‘

stacked up on shore, and the other stuft',was
started at intervals to" the shop, where <it',iv,:as
stowed in a shed that had lately been built‘ to
accommodate Mr. Darcy's increasing stock. The
cabin had been completely demolished, and a part

of the deck timbers that had formed its ﬂoors, "
'-revealing the lazarette hole to the sunlight, when
one of the wreckers who had gone down into the .

place broughtistartling news to the boy.

“Come with me, boss; I’ve found somethin’
that’d better be got out right away and sent to
the hospital,” he -said, a look of excitement glow-
ing on his seamed mahogany countenance. '
. “What’s that?” cried Joe. “What did you
ﬁnd?”

“A livin’ skeleton.” . _,

“A ‘living what?” cried Joe, in astonishment.

“A skeleton—nothin’.but skin and bones- It's"

al ve,‘ for it mumbles, rolls its eyes and tries to
“Where did you ﬁnd it?” aslked the boy, fol-

lowing the wrecker. '

' “Bearded up with vent holes, ’tween' the laza-

rette wall and the stern’ of the vessel. Lookslikke

a'case——of murder, for_ no man could have got into ’

that situation of his _own accord.”
“One of the ‘blackies, I s’pose,"’ said J oe.

“No, he’s a white man, and a sailor, by the

cut of his jib.” .
“Are you sure of that?”
citedly. ‘

“Positive ” 2*

y“He’s alive, ‘you say?” i ‘  
' ‘I wouldn’t have found him soquick, only ’

“Yes.
he let out an awful groan that almost started the
hair on my head-. If it hadn’t‘*"been’ for th'e'»s1fA,-'
shine streamin’ down into the place Fd have cut
and run.” » 

“Gee! I heard him yesterday afternoonwhen.

"I was aboard." I. was down in the lazarette looking I
‘around with a lanternfywherlz ‘I heard the most.
«awful sounds thatxyoui 4;<:_anximagi;_rio. I'_.WO1'l’t-

adinit that-xI,’m a.,co ard. but; can d.n’t 

     

Phelirn Darcy was t-he only bidder, and he ~

asked the boy,‘ ex’-_ ,'

   

. L:

 

     
  
 
 

 

    

 
 

 

u

6

anything in the place I didn’t‘care  stay, so I

’ got out.” ’

“I don't blame you, matey. ['41 have done the
same thing under» them circumstances. But
groans sound different in the light. After the
ﬁrst shock -I located the spot, found the boards

V rather lose, pried ’em off and found the skeleton

— standin’ up, or rather braced up with cleats so
vhe couldn’t fall down in a heap, as I reckon lie
V would have done if it wasn’t for them.” I
V The speaker" sprang‘ down into the partly open
Iazarette, and Joe followed. The poor victim of

~somebody’s treachery and cruelty couldn’t have

‘looked much more like a skeleton if he had been
dead and buried for‘ months. ‘That he had any
life at all in him astonished Joe,‘ and testified to.
his wonderful vitality in the face of slow starva-
tion. He was; a foremast hand beyond a doubt, and

ii .. so far gone that Joe lost no time in trying to ﬁnd

-out who, he was, but helped the wrecker to get‘
lhiin out: ondeck, where he was soon surrounded
by many. of the other wrecker-s. Brandy was

‘admiiiistered to him in small doses, and-"he _l‘é-
ivived under it.. His eyes rested on Joe, and he
stared ﬁxedly ‘at the boy for a Wl‘.ll€'.

"Bring; the wagon up and dump"the stuff out
of-» it,;3' said the boy. “We must get this poor
fellow to ihe hospital as fast as we can. While
he’s~got life in him he may be saved.” "

Joe ac<nnmpai1ie.i the living skeletoil to the hos-

'pital and turned him over to the astonished,

doctors. It didn’t take the head doctor longto
, diagnose the case as one of lingering starvation.
W ‘.‘Think.you can save him?” Joe asked.

“I’m afraidnot. He*s too rfar gone. We’ll do
the best we can, but I wouldu’t give "a cent’ for
‘his life,” replied thesawbones. . ~.

That wasn’t encouraging, and as Jack had a
profound respect for the opinion expressed by the
medical fraternity, he departed with the convic-
tion that the rescued man was slatedfor the

’ , cemetery. While the doctors had not the slightest

hopes of saving the man, they believed it to be
’their.duty to give the patient the best of atten-
tion. Nourishment was administered to him with‘
admirable discretion, and he was solicitously
watched overby the attending nurses and physi-
cians. ,, ‘

_  Iiiisftead of dying, he seemed to take a fresh grip V
, on‘ i e.
Xbled their exertions to save him’ if ‘they, could.

The doctors were ‘surprised, and redou-

In the ‘meanwhile Joe returned to the wreck,

’ where the work of demolition "had continued dur-..

4 ing his absence.
about the attenuated resemblance of a: man, and

The Wreckers wererstill talking‘

s eculating as to how he came to be walled up in
,1: e lazarette. Work stopped’ at sundown, and old

irﬁshellback, who had been hired as watchman, put

in his appearance to stay till morning, and Joe
 ent back to the shop. , v - _
,  . When he told is uncle about the living skeleton

.di'scoyered”ii‘l‘ the ribs of the wreck,eMr. ‘Darcy

V ' was much astonished.

‘“I took him to the hospital,” said oe,.“butif
dies, as no doubt he will, the town will prob-

. ‘I5
Lablyvrvexpectr you -to bury~him.”

“» ,‘-liy’:.‘so?{ ‘ phat have‘! got to. do with him?"
ed,li}s,uncl’e, impatiently.  l l '

   

teed *'so‘g£~icourse«‘:yo boughtgt

v JOE‘ DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

  
  
 

- . you , oughtjthe _'wreck""an:l everything: ‘
When. he. 12 , V M

skeleton. As it’s
look after it.” 7 _
“Nonsense! I couldn't buy a human vbein

7That’s against the law.”

'K‘ CHAPTER IV.——How Memo'ry‘Camé""ldack.

busy with a customer.

‘to himself‘ in the hospital.
. terest, for’ the public expected to learnirom his

ed information about the queer natives who

"l§3S»x:

 
  
    
   
  

your .pr,opertY, You’ll have“_

_ "‘You bought it just the same, and I cgnsidd
it s yours. You could make a good thingout ofi
if you vwantedto. ' ' ‘
that chap’s bones.
sell the skeleton for a good price to some bin

doctor in ’Frisco.”

what he said,‘ and _his uncle in great indignatio,
at such a suggestion threw an._o1d book a1;.hj
head, and then went upstairs to supper. The bo
chuckled and walked to the door where -he was
presently surrounded by‘ an increasing crowd o
curious longshoremen and others who had heard
about the discovery of the living skeleton in the
wreck, and came to iet the particulars of tin.
strange case.from J ac . , I

3

departed this life during the night. He was.t.o_ld
that the man was still alive, and that the doctorsl
entertained a faint hope of_ pulling him thro1“1'gh.'f;
“If they could pull him through, I'd .like1:,o
know why so many other people, not half so bad,
die under their hands,” thought the boyas he.
walked on to the wreck. , - . 5 ;‘
7 Next morning he visited the hospital again’,.and 4'
to his ‘surprise learned that the patient was do-T
ing uncommonly well, considering his condition. .
When he» reached the shop he found his uncle ‘7
As soon as the man» do-'_

\

 

- ‘i‘._

‘ Joe dropped in at‘ the hospital next morning,

: expecting to hear that the skeleton sailor had

 

parted, Joe said: _ . . _ I
“I’m afraid youfre done out of that skeleton,-
uncle. _ The hospital people told me that he has‘
a ﬁghting chance to recover. What are you going
to do with him if he gets well? You’ll have to~
support him, for he belongs to you, you kriow.'7
f‘That’s enough about that sailor, young man}?
said Mr. Darcy, _ severely. .‘‘If on openryour ,
mouth on the subject again I_’l1 ta e you out aua .
drop you in the bay.” ‘  ‘   W ’ 
Joe grinned and took charge of the "shop. ‘It’:

‘ took aoweek tobreak up the wreck, and by “—the“'

time the Job had been ﬁnished,~_the skeleton» sailor"
was out of danger and 031 the road to*recovery’.  

But while strengthand substance reclothed"vhi‘§'/
frame, his memory remained a blank.. He‘ rei-
membered nothing prior to the moment heffcame "
, _ The "town daily"  ,
recorded his progress as a matter of generaliiiiui,

   

lips the mystery of the wreck, and gain the 
still a public ‘charge. The doctors ﬁrst tri
lwevarni his identity, but he shook lii°s"head"' _
gave them to understand in good’ English .tliai:; ‘
1dn’t know it himself. ;Then they ask ihi
aboutgthe wreck and the dark-skinned'st»ra‘ ‘gar’
buthe-declared that "he had no. more .kno_wledgé'
'ei1;he1-gthanivf they had never existed.  
i when ‘a. [reporter called to interview~h' .
was ﬁo1d:_at:t e‘ oi,ﬁ§eﬁthat~his. mission: was "
rice,  s'na'ns,. mind.“app_ea' ’d to y p

  
 
 

 
  

 
 

  

     

 assert itself in spots. _ _
.-every time he thought of something new, he 1m-
’ parted the fact to the boy. ‘ _ ' "V
“You’re coming around all right, old chap,
. said Joe, encouragingly to him one day as they

“anchor outside. ,
.iname, that might help you a whole lot. ’

. claimed in some excitement.
'tliere?”

;' to‘ sea as a boy in a whaler. .
« whole’ chapter of his boyhood’s days, and 'h1S first

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE ' HUNT 7

be a complete blank on all things that had, hap-‘
pened to’ him before he was brought to the hos- «

pital. The paper printed this and so Joe learned
about it, When Mr. Darcy heard the news from
his nephew, the thought struck him that he could
find use for the sailor. As nobody else was like-
ly to want him, unless it was some sea captain,
the junk dealer ﬁgured that he couldsecure the
man's services for little or nothing. in addition
to his board. So as soon as he learned that the
“sailorwas about to be dischargcd,_ cured, he sent
Joe around to the hospital to bring him to the

‘shop. The sailor looked hard at the boy, and

asked him if he hadn’t seen him before. _ _

“Yes. I helped get you out of your prison In
the lazarette of the wreck,” replied Joe.

-- “I don’t know nothin’ about that there wreck,
my hearty,” said the sailor. “T_he chaps here
have slung it at me every once in a while, ex-
pectin’ I’d tell _’em somethin’ a-bout it; ‘but though
 tried to think what they were talkin’ about, I
couldn’t tell ’em the ﬁrst thing. Ive slipped a
cog somewhere in my head, and I can’t even re-
member my name nor where I came from; They
told me I came into this here port in a_ derelict,
with a lot of savages, and that I was discovered
nailed up in «.a small place under the cabin, but
lord bless you, that didn’t help me out a bit, for
I’don’t remember nothin’ about it.
ber your face somehow, though I can’t place you
nohow.”

,“Well, you only saw me once, and that was un-
der the circumstances I described,” said Joe,- who
then stated his, errand, and the man went_w_ith
'him willingly enough, which was not surprising,
since he had no place else to go, and no money
to pay his way. _ _

Thus the strange sailor became an inmate of
the Darcy establishment, and it was soon appar-
ent that he had taken a great fancy to Joe. -At
length complete bodily restoration began to en-
liven his mind, and his memory’ began to re-
Joe was his confidant, and

sat sunning themselves on the ﬂuke of a big
“Now if you could only get your

‘‘That’s right,” nodded the sailor, squinting his

‘eye at Mr. Darcy's sign of “Marine Junk Shop.”

‘Why’ thmzs myiname now’ u3xxi;1i1aetr§’”ithedo‘i’xi7

,“Where’s your name?” asked Joe, somewhat

it excited, too.

‘f0ver the’ door—-Junk. That’s my D9-me-Jack
Junk.”

I , ;‘,“The- dickens you-say,”» cried Joe. “So your

name is really Jack Junk?” ,
' ' “That’s what I was christened: my hearty, and

”‘3Izl‘1at’s more, I remember where I was born, and

83 lot of other matter besides.”
“He immediately proceeded 130 13811 J06 that he
.Was.born in New Bedford, Mass., and first went

‘ ‘ He went over a
One thing~led, to another,

.8e'a voyage. 995 his

9 mem,ory.,unr01led itself before him like a pano- .

.rama; and for an hour he reeled off his life story

to Joé’s great satisfaction. Apparently every— .

1

1 do remem— A

thing was coming back to him, and the boy lis-
tened With great interest. Voyage after voyage
followed each other, or rather fragments of them,
and he was rapidly approaching that part of his
life which would unravel the mystery of the
wreck, and the identity of her mysterious pas-
sengers, When Phelim Darcy appeared at the door
and interrupted the narrative by calling on Junk
to lend him a hand. ,

The sailor got up willingly and followed his
employer inside, while Joe impatiently waited his

return, for he felt he would soon have news he 
was smart enough to understand he could sell to_»’>f“
Five‘ minutes later his uncle,"

the newspaper.
called him inside himself and started him loading’
the wagon with an order totbe delivered at ‘a
schooner moored beside one of the wharves. When
he got back there was a load of crated iron junk
waiting for him to t ke to a sloop to be carried
to San Francisco. J nk helped him get it on the’
wagon.
turned, and for the rest of the afternoon his’
hands were full. After dark when he and Junk
had eaten their supper and shut up shop, Joe
asked _the sailor to go on with his experiences.
To his disappointment Junk couldn’t remember
where he had knocked off, nor could he recall a
quarter of what he had already narrated.‘ Final:
ly,;in desperation, Joe took the sailor outside and
pointed to the word “Junk” in the moonlight, but
it didn’t do much good.. The sailor hadn't for-
gotten that his name was Junk, nor many other
things, but he couldn’t tell anything new, so the
boy had to forego the pleasure of‘ learning how

the sailor cameto be connected with the natives, .,

and got walled up in the wreck.

Things went on in this way for several weeks," I

during which time the town managed to get rid of
the j abbering natives by degrees. About a dozen
of them were hired by the Southern Paciﬁc Rail-
road to work on section gangs, and here their
unusual strength made them quite valuable. They
picked up English words relating to their vocation
quite rapidly, and they never gave the foreman
any trouble at all.

One Sunday Joe was reading over his precious
letter for perhaps the hundredth time, when Junk
came into his room, without any formality, as
was his custom. ' 1

“I s’pose you never heard of a lone island some-
where out in the Paciﬁc called the Thimble, have
you?” asked Joe, as he folded up the letter and

, returned it to its envelope. ’

"The Thimble!” cried the sailor.
course I have. I was wrecked on it.”

“Wrecked on it!” cried Joe,-his heart giving a
great jump. “You don’t mean it?” »

“Yes, I do, my hearty; and what’s more, that
there name brings everythin’ back to me—my stay
on the island, the strange natives I found'_there,
and the treasure. Say, Joe, my led, you and I
must go there __by hook or crook.» There’s gold
ie_ii1:_ou’gh in a cave there to make us both rich for
1 e.’ . -

“I know it,” replied the boy, his face glowing

i with excitement. , . . +
“How did you know it?” asked the sailor, ap-W

parently much -surprised.

J‘,‘This,lette,r, written by a _chap ’named*'Ned}
. Brace, to a friend of his here in Santa Catalina, _
says there’s a.hidden,treasure on Thimble Is1anq‘.v- -

 

A second load awaited him when he re-'-T,

“Why, of ~

 

 

 x

 . ,- .IOE DARCY’S‘ TREASURE ‘HUNT It .-

in a_big C.':l.VE.‘. He ‘says he saw it with his own
. eyes; but he says nothing about. any inhabitants
“ . ‘being on -the island. ‘He says he believes that it’s
‘a pi1'a’te’s forgotten plunder. He intended to in-
terest somebody ﬁnancially able to charter a —
. scliooneigto go there and recover it; but before he
V could put his plan in force he was stabbed in a
‘ scrap on the street in Melbourne and was dying
in the hospital at the time he wrote the letter.
I-Ie“brok”e oﬁ“ just as he was about to give the
bearings of the island, and the person who mailed
' the letter signed his name to the unﬁnished nar- ‘
-,?,,j;;_‘ative.', From which I conclude he was not able
;“ccntinue,' and probably died soon after.”
, “A blamed good thing he did,” said Junk, em-
" phatically, “otherwise you_ and me would have
~ been dished out of the gold.- But I c_1on’t see when
that chap could have been the1te,'for I was a
prisoner for ﬁve years on the island.” ‘ '
' “A prisoner! Tell me about it,” cried Joe,
eajgerly. ' ’ 2
_, ' “Sure I will, and you'll learn what you’ve been -
n - so anxious to ﬁnd out—-how me and them natives,
 ', happened to be, aﬂoat on that there wreck which '.
 was pickedup and brought into this here port by
tlie—w.hat_‘, did you say the name of the craft
, was?” '
< i , ‘_‘The‘Sta‘r of Hope.” ‘ V
. » , ’ She didn’t prove no star of hope for me, but
 "just theopposite Now listen and I’ll spin you,
‘ the greatest-yarn you ever head," said the sailor.
".‘Wait a momenttill  lock the door‘. I-do‘n’t..,’
. ‘want my uncle popping in here and interrupting
‘you, _-foir your brain might go off wool, gathering
9. am. ‘ r .
~ g“No fear of ‘that, my hearty, I reckon, for I
 canjthink now .as well as I _ever did in my life.
Now we’ll heave ahead.” , ‘V y 
_ The sailor stuck his legs ‘on the windowsill,
'  expectorated, and changing his quid, commenced ’
'{ hiévstory.  »» ~ ~ ’ *

 

  
  

 

 

 

 V.——TheA Sailor’s Yarn. —

 ‘Junk’s yarn began with the moment he _was
lauded off Thimble Island, the only Survivor,
after a terrible gale, ofthe brigantme Morning‘
“Glory. He-subsisted for threexlays, on shellfish
and bread fruit before he was aware the island
. possessedother living, beings, than himself. Where
 athey sprang-from he: had no idea at the time, for .
. he had ;been 211‘ over"? the Thimble. and seen no;
’ trace of habitations orvinhabitants‘. They did. ap-
. pear, however, and‘ he ‘found himself 'a, prisoner.
‘~'I‘1iey‘were a wild‘ looking, jabbering people, of
’ . great strength and agility. andfof peculiar, habits. E
 'Dhey"live in a_ succession of ‘marine caverns, and
« Obliﬁined ll _ .
—. . 'ya1§g.-and other trees"gi-owing on the surface of the
islandbjas well’ as shellﬁsh, sharks and dolphins
from. the water. . , ,
but would not let him out of the caverns but once

a;.montl'i for exercise, when they kept strict watch

»oxiihi's,move,ments.-».   _ ,
.‘?_“1They: -made me their 'king,’’' went on Junk,
‘ " segl’ to kowtow to‘_me mprnin’-and night,
ss your ﬁheart I Vwasinore of'a slave, than
-"'sin2:e'_I " ldn.’t_;do n/vothin’ they ob1ect'ed*t_o. g
all I wants‘ to ’eat, .and_the~ s,o£te$t.;bur.tk in.
' tizxtaiya kid a 1; ’

 

  

   
    
 
   
       
     
  
    

  

 
  
     
  

 
  
  

    

ash.

   
  
 

 
   
 

   

"ence I ever had in my life. After I'd been there’

, place, took me to an inner cave. and showed: me '

‘versation, or talk it myself, but I picked up a lot ’
i of words and expressions, d’ye see, that helped me” ,

_on some expedition; but I never coulduriderstand - ’ I

'zled all the shellbacks in port,’=’ said Joe. “Not-a 7’

lot. Well, the long and short of ~my yarn is ,1 was .»
p but for that there wreck. .She came ashore, just

‘judging from the ijabbering of‘the natives’ after‘:

,.asked Joe. -

eir, food. from the bread fruit, banana, 

Junk said; they treated him ﬁne, .

 
   

a year, one chap, who acted as the bossof then

two big ‘sea chests full of gold. At’ least, they

appeared to be full of it, for the whole top part7 
of each was covered with old Spanish gold coin._ W,

It made my mouth water, you can wellfbelieve, -
my hearty, and I amused -myself makin’ ‘plans,
to get away with it some day. I ﬁgured that it
was a long lane that didn’t have a turn, and as I 1
was strong and hearty, and in my prime, I hoped 
to make my escape from the place in the course)"
of time, when Imeant to come back with a pa‘rty">
strong enough to take the treasure away’ by ‘
force.” _ '* . ‘ 1 _ ‘
“The lane did have a turn, or you wouldn't -be"
here now,” ‘said Joe. 7 y -
“Aye, aye, but not the turn I was lookin’ for:
However, ‘all’s well that ends‘ well.” . _.  ~
“How came you and the natives to get’ aﬂoat. in ‘ ,
that wreck?” '  5 I
“I’m comin’ to that. I got so that I could under’-1:
stand the general meaning of the strange lingo, ,
them chaps called a language. Imever did*'g’et“'
the hang of it so that"I could make out their con-‘- ~

out"with them when I wanted anythin’. ‘Whatj
.puzzled me ‘somewhat -was the absence of‘, any“
women folks. ~There warn’t a petticoat ,on,thev_ ,
island,‘ so I came to the conclusion that the liunch .. :
had got wrecked there somehow after startin’ put-

x

where they came from, for they didn’t'look like
any breed of islanders I’d ever seen before, and 
I’bv1e knocked around the globe pretty consider;..
a e;” H - ’ . 

“The chaps who came here on “the ,W’re§:k_p:iiz'-.-

  
  
 

sailor hereabouts had ever seen the,ir'like before.” 
‘~‘I don’t wonder, my hearty——they’re a _stranjge,*-.

there ﬁve years’, and mightfhave been thereto-day 
as you. seen her, one day after’ a heavy galegai/id

they found her, there wasn’t a soul. gaboard of ‘ er. . ’
'I‘hey"‘orought me up specially to. look at her, and 
then ‘they, fell. to and stripped her of ‘everything,’
theyxcould take ‘out of her. _ They piled it all‘ in 1
one of the caves. There were amon other tliiiigs,’ 5
eight or nine sailors’ bags,’ and am ot‘of clothes 
from‘ the otﬁcers’.t‘1uarter's. The ._natives' dresséd I

themselves up in the st if '0 theyoould 4~lool-§.‘-likely

 

 

me, Ivsupp_ose.”  _ . T  .I
“How many natives were there altogether

     
        
  

g -“Just»twenty,—‘the -number"-that came i;nto~;p.oi‘t I
here.’.’  - r » w 

‘.“Thei‘i»‘there aren’t no more left on the islan
, ,ffNot a livini soul. That’s«why*it’1l be easy ‘f
you. and me to sail there and take possession"
that there treasu1'e,” said the» sailor; ‘ ‘ . ,
~~Joe’s mouth. watered at the idea of the th“
though 5 he -didn't consider at’ the -, moment he
,,was going to accomplish the feat.  I 
‘(Then "you know p —exa'ctlyA where :the island‘
he saidu, 7, ,  ' v ._ ,.   
x; "fNear enough iplxﬁali purﬁgses. '1I~<a_ih’t. . my
,exa'ct‘bearin’s, bu’ ‘e_,can ; d out, to ‘ ‘

Islam own 9

  

        

  
 
 

 .z gher’ fast, t

 

  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  

‘ I

.l
 allea chap has to do is to get a chart, pick out
the spéts and make a note of it.” f .

“‘That’s ﬁne,” cried Joe. “But hold on, the man
 Ben»Brace wrote this letter to may have found a
.way of getting to the island with_s0me comrades,
.» in which case they may have carried off the treas-
’ um, and _we’cl ﬁnd nothing but the chests when
we‘ got there.” _ ’ . _ ‘

, , ; Junk knitted his brows and spit outof the win-

. ‘—‘Let,me, see that there letter,” he said.

‘,lcii1ty'in trying to decipher. the scrawl addressed
to a chap named Bill Herring, that he asked the
, boy to read it to him. This Joe did. readily

 enough, for he had the writing down by heart.

The contents of the letter c1e’arly\set forth that

‘'_{_‘there was a big, treasure of gold coin in an inner

cave on Thimble Island. The entrance to the cave

’_.{iwas through ,a_huge rock shaped like a thimlile,

and which" had given the island its._1%l-1!’r1‘e-Z The
zwriter, evidently being pressed for‘ time, _,used no
”suj)erﬂuo_u's ywords, therefore he did not explain
‘ how/he came to be on the island alone, how long

, ;,he”had been there, at what time’, or how he‘hap—.

‘ jpened to discover the treasure. He merely stated
' the most important facts in as few words as pos-

sible; and even at that did not say all he intended
..to’s'a_., When Joe ﬁnished readinggthe sailor
ljscratc“ed his head. . ’ ‘ _

7 “-Thatthere letter said enough to.put Herring
57o_n,-'the'”track of‘ gold, but it ain’t by T101 _meaT1S

certain he couldaget to the island,” he" Salcl.‘
,;,“I’ should think he’d stand as good a chance as

J

 you and I,” said Joe. - ,

,1‘ , ‘,‘What’s the’ date of, the letter?”

 1'aIoe- looked andwsaw it was more than a year
,0 . . ’
 :“A year eh?
 93') ’ ,

How long have I been in
Own ‘

_' “About two months.”

i T JOE D~A_RCYf,lS Tnmsuhn s HUNT

tearin’ things up generally. The whole gang was
aboard stowing bananas invthe fok’s’l when the
wind struck us. Before you could whisper Jack
Robinson, the rope holdin’.the wreck to the island

snapped like a pipe-stem. The tide happened to at 

be in at the time, and the wind shoved us into

deep water and away from shore in no time at, .
The natives rushed to the side intendin’ to  -
jump overboard and swim for the beach. The 
hulk careened and dumped the crowd into the V’ ’

all.

_ port scupper, and I narrowlymissed-goin’ over-

Joe handed it to him. He found so much diﬂ'i— '

fine a‘ chance of reachin’

' in the plug hat hadput me on a ‘diet, only

- board myself. Then the wreck dipped the other,
. way, and the natives went slidin’—to the —star_é ‘

board. And so she kept on till the, squall spent
itself and we found ourselves two mile from the
island, driftin’ further away every vminute.’~’, ‘ _'
“Gee!” exclaimed /Joe. 1 _ 
“There wasn’t no escape, for thecrowd now, and
so they had to make. the best ‘of the situation. As
for me, I welébpmed any change that would give

before they were hatched. After ﬁiifatin’ about
like a chip on a mill stream for,se7geral weeks,
only catchin’ sight of an occasional s"a_il"7 at a dis-,
tance, our provisions began to run short, for half

.. of the bananas sp’i1ed under the heat, ‘and wasn’t
' fit for nothin’ but’ to be tossed overboard to the.
apterrible storm,

ﬁshes. Then we‘ were caught iii _
which lasted nearly a week, and diirin’ which I

expected every moment we’d. turn turtle and go ,  i
to the bottom. But we di’dn’t‘else I wouldn’t be’

sittin’ here now tellin’ youmy yarn. The fellow.
vin

me food every other day. After two days 0, ﬁne
weather we sighted a’brigvbearm’ down on us. I

' could have hugged myself with joy. I thought my

“I reckon the wreck was aﬂoat about three 7.

 gnlonths. That makes ﬁve months» since 7I left the
5. is-ajnd.». _ ,
 ,Ahywa'y,’I reckon we ain’t got no time to, 1056.,’
‘ 5 “You haven't told how you and the natives got

" aﬂoat?”

   

;- 'f"“I-t was by accident. You see that there iivreck

 of her when the tidewas u . The'_natives used
2 ‘toga aboard of her every ay lookin’ for some
ﬁling more to get out of her. Sometimes they’d

I take me with them. They must» have noticed that

"-the hulk was workin’ loose. At any rate, the& tlﬁd
H I one of the trees With a_T.0P?
taken from er. That held the old thing ‘In. place:
’,:'rnd_ so they‘ thoughtshe was as certain to stay
, ‘ere«?as-if»she”d’taken root. The bossof the
crowd, who sported a- plug hat he had probably
 in the .skipper’s stateroom, got, the ; idea

anas, yarns, and such. As things turned out it

yugit. me out to watch them do'th‘e"w’ork. I

l§th’:thgy rig-gedtup andplook on. On f’ch‘e aftere
 ‘ofVthe‘thi_i-1:1 days so 1 l .
 sky ‘1‘he.squall «came across the JS__

 

There ,wasn’t no stranger there then.-

. gwent, ashore in a cove near the cave. ’About half '_
,4 .he'r'stern was in the water all the time,« and more

ey’d.

:_sit.son“‘»the' fol-:’s’l* under an awni_n’, of sail‘- ,

troubles were over; but they‘ weren't by a

covered.

chalk.

wreck out, and for fear .tli'ey’d haul their wind

and make off on another tack, thinkin’ there-fl .. _~

,..

wasn’t no one‘ aboard, I pulled off my jacket,.tied‘ '
fit to‘ a stick and began wavin’ it to attract their '

attention. _The next thing I knew I was on my

back with half a dozen natives sittin’ on my chest, ~

.. I had no idea what happened after that. Iigot

‘ _s‘he‘a'd that she’d make a ﬁne storehouse f_oi- ‘
ii, ‘sofhe ordered the crowd to ﬁll her 'l11!__W1th‘

‘ea lucky thing he’ did,y.but it would havéolbeeiix.
. ﬁriei-.‘ii§"he—’d.started to do this sooner. They-

drlen squat} earned on out‘:

   
   

. 'Aftér that Joe aha the s_.ii...‘i1.d aimé%t+ ' ”
.co'nferenc'es‘—over the subject of tH€;treasur_e"§n:
‘suxned tube‘ still on Thimble Islandc. - - "“'

.me..so>o off .53? other

 

nothi ’
that t ere treasure go, if I had itfalongside of -me,
than go through that experience. agam? Finally

I musthave lost my senses, for the next thing I‘ . - 
in‘ bed in that hospital, feelin’ as  

knew ‘was bein’
weak as a baby,”

Jack Junk stqpped, and, ‘taking the well chewed ,' 
dog ,outsi~de,  

quid-from his mouth, shied it at 3
after which he bit oﬂ” another liberal piece roﬁ
plug andstuck it into his cheek. .. , _'\.‘

 

I ‘CHAPTER VI.-y-#—Bound forisydney.  i ‘

/~“‘1\'Iy -‘uncle fwould .nevea:..‘.let
he’d, ‘call

   

a _wild_ 'g—oo_s,e[; ch_as‘e,”v
X 2' I18

 

a ship tha._t;,»vv'ould take "  -
me off.’ That was where I counted:’1Iny chickens ’ “

_ . . 101.12 - 5
They were only beginnin’, as I soonfdise ; 
The;people aboard the. brig made the f

and Iwas yanked down into the lazarette. Under’ g 
the directions of the scamp in the plug hat I was ~
walled in as you found me, and there I was left. V

more to eat, and I’d sooner let my share of p 

 
  
  

 

 

  

io

Q

s eak of, so how could we charter even a small
s cop for such an enterprise?” ,
“I’ll admit that’s a big difficulty,” replied Junk.

_“I don’t see but we’ll have to take your uncle into

our confidence. He’d get plenty of money, I reckon,
and he wouldn’t miss the expense.”

' “He looks at a dollar several times before he

_ spends it, that’s why he’s well off, though he won't

admit that he is.” said Joe. “He’d have to have
a photograph of that treasure, and the sworn
statements of reliable people, before he'd hazard a
red cent on any scheme looking to recover it.
Even then he’d want three-quarters of it for his
share.” ‘

“Which I reckon he wouldn‘t get. If that’s the
kind of chap he is, and I’.in bound to say he looks
it, we’ll leave ‘him out of the question, and wait
till/luck/comes our way. You've got the latitude,
and, longitude of Thimble Island now marked
down all right.”  /

“Yes. the mate ‘of the bark Day Dream cal-
culated it from his chart.”

“Very good. All we’ve got to- do now it to
wait.”  '

“Wait,',yes; but if Bill Herring gets ahead of us
our cake will be‘ all dough.”

“Seein’ aswe can’t make no more at present,

we’ve got to chance it.” said the sailor, squirting.

a. stream of tobacco juice into the water.
Morning,-,.noon and night "Joe could think of
nothing but‘ the gold on Thimble Island. His uncle
caught him a dozen times a day standing at his
work thinking and looking straight ahead as if he
saw something on the wall, or outside, that took

up all his attention. ‘

“You’re getting to be all~ﬁred lazy, young
man,” cried Pvhelim Darcy one morning, angrily.
“What in thunder has come over you of late?”

“I was just thinking of something,” replied-Joe,
getting a hustle on.

“Thinking of something! You seem to be think-
ing of something all the time. I ain’t paying and
supporting you to think, but to work. Under-
stand?” ,

“Yes, sir.” ,

“Then see that you keep awake after this, or
you and me’ll have a run-in.”

That evening after supper Joe and Junk took.

a_ boat and went down to the Point to fish. It was
cloudy but comparatively calm, and such nights,
Joe knew fromexperience, the ﬁsh always bit
readily. They reachedithe Point, which was quite
arow, threw out their lines, and were soon busy
hauling in the ‘ﬁsh. While they ﬁshed they talked
and, of course, their talk was about Thimble
Island and its treasure. They seldom talked
about. anything else. Joe was never tired of

ii._hearing'in detail the sai'lor’s long’-drawn—out ex— '

perience in the marine caverns of the island
while? a prisoner in the hands of the natives, and
Jui2k- found a pleasure in recalling his ﬁve years
of hard luck because the boy was so interested in

’ th§.t‘?ei§perience. r

= t length the tide turned and they stopped their
sport. They had. two or three times as much
ﬁsh aseithe housekeeper could use, so Joe ﬁgured

" u ,,that he would sell the excess» in the morning
. 1 aboard? the different‘craft at the wharves.
 only one pair of oars, but that W s enough,

as they ~‘tookrt,urns pulling... Junktoo -the ﬁrst
they] started back; «The tide

They

 at’ them, wheng

     

JOE DARCYB TREASURE HUNT

_ out to sea.”

' that the craft was not bound in for Santa Cata-

‘oar!

.quiet as a country churchyard", except. when the

.moved his boots on the planking.

was strong against them, and the sailor" bent.
down to his work, taking long, regular pulls. One
of the oars, having. a weak spot in it, snapped
short off, and the boat began to drift back with
the current. »,

“What in thunder has come over you of late?”
“We can’t scull against this tide. We’ll be‘ carried —

‘‘There’s a light yonder. Maybe that craft is,
headin’ in and we’ll get a tow,” replied the sailor. .
They watched tlre“light a while, but it didn’t
get any nearer so they came to t-he conclusion

lina. By that time they were a mile off shore,
and the weather seaward was growing hazy. ,
“We’re in a nice scrape,” said Joe. “Hang that
Ivwonder where my uncle picked it up.‘
There was some defect in it or it never would
have broken.” / ’
‘_‘Well, there ain’t_no use kickin’. We must
grin and bear it,” said Junk, philosophically. ‘
‘I s’pose I can bear it as well as you, but ’I,
don’t feel like grinning over it,” growled the boy.
“When the tide turns it will take us back.” ,
“Yes, when it does, and then we’re likely to
land somewhere down the coast.” ’ ' A
“As long as we land somewhere, what's the dif-
ference?” , » .
‘The difference will be that We’ll be done out =
of our night’s rest.” _ ,
“If you was a sailor you wouldn’t think nothin’
of that,” paid Junk. cheerfully taking’ a fresh
chew. . .. ’ ’ ,
Joe made no answer, but stared at the pile of "
ﬁsh in the bottom of the boat. The air was
growing hazy and damp around them, and the
outlook was far from pleasant. The shore line
had long since vanished in the darkness, and
they were on the Pacific. Everything, was as

sailor expectorated over the side at intervals, or

“If we was only aboard some craft now makin’ ;
for that island, I .wouldn’t mind,” remarked Joe ‘
at length. » v

For once Joe wasn’t in a treasure-talking 
mood, so he said nothing. . _  '

:I(3rIoii”e to sleep, my hearty?” asked the sailors?

0_ . ._ .

“Why don’t you talk, then?”
“Don’t feel like it.” . - , »
Jack Junk chuckled and said nothing more,’ .
‘ The fog closed_in around them and they drifted ’
further and further out to sea. They buttoned
their jackets around them and tried to keep
warm, but the chill and dampness of the mist was v
not to be kept out. In’the course of an hour they "
heard‘ a vessel’s bell announcing ten ‘0’clock.. Jog. ’
stood up and uttered a loud “halloal,” The still 
ness was such that his voice carried some ;di’sé'
tance, and he was heard by the watch aboard tli
nearby craft. A shout came back. ' _  
“You scull, Jack, while I keep track‘ of 15
craft," said Joe. «  1,
The boy kept shouting at in,te'rva1s, and-re
ceived replies. Presently a white light lit-up_ _
fog at no great distance. It was a‘ combinatio,
of sulphur and otherinﬂammable materials manu;
factui-ed‘ for illuminating purposes at sea.;-:,

 

_ 1.“. .; ..

    

 

made an excellent‘ uide for the. sailoiytoxs

    

for. ‘Presently the ark outline of .a.:vessel{‘c

     

  

  

Jo}: TDARCSCPSI TREAS/URE/ I~lUN'1‘

‘into sight. Suddenly the light went out and left
things darker by contrast. than ever. But the
boat was now close aboard of_ the vessel, and

’ there wasdittle chance of passing her. At any

i rate,’ a, member of the watch called out occasion-

-ally, and Joe answered till the craft was only a

few yards away, hove to waiting for the boat to

come up. A lantern attached to a rope was low-
ered over the'vessel’s side, _and Jack Junk ran
the boat up to it. Unshipping the lantern, Joe
inade the boat fast to it. -A rope ladder was drop-
lyped down and the sailor and the boy .presentlY

, stood, on the vessel’s deck and in the presenceof

the second mate.

“How do you do, sir,” said Joe.

“My name is

;Darcy, and my companion is named Junk. We ”

were ﬁshing at the entrance to Santa Catalina

Bay. When we started,,back one of our ‘oars
broke, and the tide being on‘ the ebb, we drifted
.out to sea and into this fog. It’s luck We ran
v'a‘cross'you, for we are chilled to the__ bone, and
I we'd have been in a bad way by morning.”

“You drifted some distance. We're all of six
miles off the coast according to our calculations‘.
Comeinto the cabin and I'll treat you chaps to _a

. glass of spirits to drive the chill out. If’ this
weather holds during the night we sha’n’t make
‘much— headway, so you might as well stay all
might aboard.” ’

- “What craft is this?” asked Joe.

V’ ;“Brig Reindeer; Morton, master, from Los
.__rAngeljes, bound for Sidney.”  , ‘
»“That’s. a long voyage,” said Joe, as

lowed -the mate intothe cabin.

‘ “Pretty tidy one,”*replied the mate.
aloe never drank anything in ‘the stimulant line,
ut he .(was prevailed on to take a dose on _this

 
 

5~:oc‘c‘asion towarm him up. The mate then sent’

Rslunk to. the forecastle to occupya spare bunk
Ithei-e, and‘. after chatting ‘a while with .Joe, whose
iiincle he new by re.putation, he led the boy to a
i‘sm’all stateroom off the passage and told him ..to
« ‘turn in. The chief mate took the deck when the
Twatch was changed at midnight, and the second
', llicer reported to him ‘the arrival :on board oi
‘, eisailor and the boy. ' ‘~ " I ‘

  
  
 
 

 

morning?” asked the first mate.

,“‘They’s gotea boat, and ‘only need an" osiu},

‘likely to hold that way all night, so they won’t
‘l,ia'_'e more than eight or nine miles to pull_;iat.the
.»,'o‘ut’side.”, , ‘ V ‘J ‘
,.".»,iTh‘e chief oﬂicer walked away without _further
qemark, and the second mate went to his room
‘itiffturn in for four hours._ Half an hour later
.5] wind .-came up and the brig began *0 81139
rough the water. *' i ' "

  
    
  
  
  

o'rning,’.’v thought the chief mate. “They'll 703-“

. .£d1* _th'e..‘-coast.“ As‘ we're short’ handed, they can
' Ir-vto_and help. out.” ” w —, * ——
V ~The‘ wind rapidly increased to a brisk breeze,
13!. by ‘the time eight bells rang again (four
AKM.) and the second mate turned out, Santa
Ctltallnalbore E. N. E. abeouttforty milesaway.
'l3he’=’})1iig. was theii making’ about ten knots,
iinerea ing it every in-ament. 1-,
,\. ' ,'-. 3.; 

  

    

they lfol- ..

*‘How' do they‘ expect, to get, ashore in the ‘

Which.'we can spare them.’ It’s quite calrhyand‘

“I guess thoslelchaps vron‘t‘lrow ashore in the ‘C I “What

0 staypaboard till we meetsoine vessel. bound in j .

"treasure was prevailed" with Joe,’

; 3ie‘consent_ed~ev8lmpst as willingly

 

“No use calling‘ those chaps at daylight, as you. I I

probably intended,” said the chief mate. “We’re
too far from land for them to take totheir boat.
We need hands, and when Captain Morton sees
them in the mornin,g..he’ll propose that they sign
for the voyage. If they refuse, the only thing
we can do is to put them aboard the first craft
we meet bound east. That chance may not turn"
up in a week or more, and in the meantime they’ll
have to turn to and make themselves useful.”

Thus speaking, the mate turned on his heel and
went» down the companion. ladder. When Joe
came on deck about six o’clock, the brig had in-
creased her distance from the coast some twenty-‘
ﬁve miles more. ~

Junk was leaning over the gangway and rumi-

nating over the situation. a. Being a sail6r,'he—

judged from the look of things that they were
not likely to see Santa Catalina again for some

daysjto come if they did then. ' Joe went up to'~ ~

him.
“Say Jack, we’re sailing away from the
fast. What are we going to do?” he said. ,
‘‘We’ll do whatever. the skipper of _this brig’
says, I reckon,” replied the sailor. ‘ , ' ~

coast -

“He wonit keep us on board'agaiiist'oi,ir; wills.” I
put out in_ a rowboat sixty‘ -

“Do you want to
miles from shore?” . ,
“Of course not.” a , v . .
“Then we’ll have to stay where we are.” I ’

]_ -“zgre we really sixty ‘miles from Santa, Cata-
ma. I
_‘.‘Over that, so the second mate says.”
,“But. we’ve got to get back somehow.”

“If the skipper sights a vessel in a ‘day or :
ntwo, *p’raps he’ll send us back, otherwise we’ll, ,
have-to stay aboard and turn in with the crew. » ’

I’ve heard the brig is short-handed, so,I reckon
the cap’n won’t be overanxious to lose us.’_’

“But the vessel is bound for Sydney.”

“That don’t make any ‘diﬂ"erence.’7 , ,

‘‘I’m thinking we made a mistake in not bor~
"rowing an oar last night and putting back while

the weather‘ was calm.” , -

1 “Maybe,this will turn out a pieceiof good luck’
fo_I‘us.” ~ -. .. ‘
a:HoW?:: .\ ‘

“We’re on the road to Thimble Island. Who

knowsbut wermay find a chance to get there be-
fore we return to California? I’m» in fa’vo'r_.of

shippin’ aboard this hooker and drawin’ pay:'~ I e 
. I don’t think either '
i of us could do better if we expect to hunt for that

advise you. to do the same.

ti"ea‘sure.’.’ V
“But I ain’t a sailor.”

_ “You’1l soon learn the ropes, my'l‘iearty.,,Af.
spell at sea will do you good.” .1 '

‘ill my uncle say when ‘we fail to:

 

up?”w at

H

You do as. I say and you’ll come out al]:ri-

Wen have Va look in at Thimbleelsland slg‘h1el1Q"§§_,_’i. j 

before we get back.” , . ,5 ~_~
The chance of. reaching the "islzgid w V

- . . . ‘73n<3 Soewhem

later on,» the captain‘ of the ‘brig proposed‘ that

he and Junk signharticles ‘and makethe voyagiéﬁ
as hi’s‘t~om,t}ani‘

.«\

      
 

   

.111-

.'n_[

hat diﬁ’rence does it makelwhat h.e;.~sa“S3~:2»* I

     
    

12

CHAPTER VII.——Dora Dent.

For the next three weeks the weather held fair,
and the brig made good progress toward her des-
tination, for she was a fast sailer. By that time
Joe had learned the ropes and had acquired a
ﬁrst-class pair of legs. The captain was a decent
sort ofman, and the mates’ came within the same
category‘, so that the crew «had nothing to ﬁnd
fault with. They attended to their duty in good
shape and required no discipline. Thus Joe’s ﬁrst
sea experience was a whole‘ lot pleasanter than
usually fell to the lot of a new beginner. The
weather, however, changed at last, and the brig
ran into a heavy gale that lasted three days, and
was so much strained that Captain Morton
headed for a port in one of the largest of the
Figi Islands in order to have important repairs
made before continuing his voyage. As soon as
Jack _Junk learned this he took Joe aside and said:

“We’re goin’ to .put in at Papua.”

“Are we?” replied the boy. ‘5Where’s that?”

Jack mentioned the name of the island.

“It’s one of the Figi group,” he said. “And it's
just the pllace we want to reach, so as to be
handy to himble Island.” '

“Is that so?” said Joe eagerly.

“That’s so, my hearty. Therefore you and
me’ll shake the brig there._ It’ll be easy for us
to do it, as no one will suspect our intentions.
Just keep a stiff upper lip, and do whatwl tell
you, and me and you'll get that treasure before
you’re much older.” .

“If we leave the brig. how will we get along
without money on shore?”

“Don’t you Worry, matey. We'll pull through

i ‘all right.”

“All right. I’m with you. I don’t care nothing
about Sydney. Thimble Island is what I'm after.”
“Of course you are. When we get hold of that
treasure we’re made for the rest of our natural

lives.” .

Joe was tickled to death to think that the
chance to reach Thimble Island had come, though
how he and Junk were going to get there from
Papua, without the necessary funds to charter
some kind of craft, was beyond him. The sailor
spoke so conﬁdently of the probability of them
reaching the island that he did not allow the
difﬁculties that stood in the way to worry him
any.

Next morning the island they were bound for
have in sight, and. before noon they were at
anchor off Papua, It was the ﬁrst foreign. place
Joe had ever visited, and naturally he was inter-

ested in it, although it was not much of a town, —

as towns go. The British authority was para-
mount here, as the island of the group belongs to
the English crown. Of ‘course, the natives largely

~ Joutnumbered the whites in the settlement, but

tlglagr were no longer the savage cannibals they
11 7 been once upon_ a time, h_alf,a century _or so
‘before.’ That horrible practice had‘ practically

béen'st*a.inped’but‘ all over the group. The captain
,.«found;that“i‘t would take the best part of a. week
 to make thegrepairs needed, so the crew were

allowed shore 'leave,»about a third of them at a
ime. * . , .

'-Jack Junk and Joe weht together on the ﬁrst
giaygand inste

 
  

,.~_.\  ‘X

. ferent grog shops in return for board and lodgiii »

d ‘of spending their time in the,

  
 

3.;

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

dram shops, like sailors were wont to do, they ‘

separated themselves from the two companions
who accompanied them, and went around looking
at the shipping in the port.
were small craft that plied among the islands, as
Junk knew, for he had been at Papua before, and
his purpose was to ﬁnd a small vessel that would
take them to Tongatabu, the largest of the
Friendly Islands, a small group to the east and
south of the Figis.

'This would bring‘ them within reaching dis-
tance, Junk said, of Thimble Island. As luck
would have it there was a small native craft,
about the size and build of an ordinary sloop,
which was on the point of sailing for the place
Junk wanted to reach. The skipper was a hang-
dog looking rascal, formerly a beach comber, and ‘
no doubt, in his young days, an escaped convict
from Australia. Joe didn’t like his looks, and
wanted to have nothing to do with him, but Junk
said he was just the chap for them, as he‘woul’cl.
help them to slip their ship when another cap-
tain might not be inclined todo so. ' _

‘.‘At any rate, my hearty, if we don't make. some
kind of a deal with this fellow, we might not
strike another chance in a month,” said the sailor.

Joe had nothing more to say, so Junk walked up '
to the skipper of the craft and began negotia-
tions. They ﬁxed matters up between them, and
the skipper told them to return in a couple of
hours, ready to embark. Joe and his companion‘
ﬁlled in the time strolling around town, and at the
expiration‘ of the two hours appeared" on the
wharf and stepped on board of the sloop. '

Fifteen minutes later the chaft cut loose from
her moorings and started seaward. As she
would pass close to the brig, Joe and the sailor

kept out of sight in the little cabin, so that their »

presence aboard would not be noticed. . During’

the trip to the port of Tongatabu, Joe and Junk 7

made themselves as useful as they could, ‘and the
hard.-looking skipper treated them ﬁrst rate. . ' ‘ v
‘It took’ a week'to cover the distance, and they‘
had good weather all the way. Finally th»e’big'
islan hove in sight, and about dark the sloop
ran in close to the shore and dropped her anchor. '

The agreement Jack Junk had made with the"
skipper included their services in helpingto un- ;.

load the sloop, and also to load her for the return .

trip. This they faithfullv carried out during the‘ ’

following week, and as soon as the sloop was‘
ready to sail back for Papua, Joe and the sailor,"

started off to look .up temporary quarters‘ for, ~

themselves in the town. This was not -easy, as,

they had no funds, but luck came to their assis-1 is

tance. They were walking along the water front

Most. of the vessels ,

!

1

offering their services here and there at the di

     
 
    
  
  

without success so far, when Joe spied a .prett3:gE '

white girl coming toward them, [followed by it
man, who looked ike the mate of a vessel, whom,
she wasitrying to avoid. ' V " , I T”
The girl stopped and said: , ; _~ -
“I want nothing to do with you, Mr. Price. ‘IE7
you don't stop annoying me I will report-yc1.{r?
conduct to my father.” . g 
“Pooh!” returned the man, banteringly, “Your
won’t do anything of the kind. You’re like,all.'~
the women, as skittish as a young‘ colt till you’-

broken to harness. You’ve‘taken my eye, and’ as; I
.I’mplooking for a wife, why, ‘you canfttidol better’

 

 than to tie up with me.‘ I’ve got money and can
t rig you out in away that’ll make you the envy
"’ of other women, and ” . .
_ “Marry you, indeed!" cried the girl, scornfully.

“Notif there wasn’t another man on earth."
' “I guess.you’ll change your tone, young.lady,
before I’m through with you,” said the man,_an~
grily. “I’Ve determined to have you, so there isn’t

has gone on to Kaka, and won’t be, back till late.

know. why not.” '
“Never!” cried the girl, darting forward.- ‘

7 The mate dashed after her, but Joe, who had
.‘heard the conversation, stepped between them as
he was about to seize her. .

_ “Hold on,” said the boy, grabbing the mate by

the arm. “Just leave that young lady, alone.”
, “You young; sculpin!” roared ‘the furious man.
>7 ‘g‘How dare you interfere? Out of my way!”

mwatching the trouble with a beating heart.

  
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

wants nothing to do with you?” returned Joe,
plpckil .

V Wit}? an imprecation the mate aimed a blow at
v: his head with his hairy ﬁst, that. had the weight
of a sledge—hammer. The boy dodged and escaped

—it., The girl had stopped when she saw she had’

5'9. defender, though he was only a boy, and stlogd
e
mate reached out and seized Joe in a vise—like

~g‘rip, and it doubtless would have gone hard with

him had not Jack Junk stepped in and caught ‘the

‘‘ .man’s arm as he was about to slug the lad.

.. To have a ‘common sailor-‘lay hands on him

made the mate twice as furious as before, and he
 let go of Joe and tried to knock Junk down. He
got in one blow that staggered the sailor, but the
.second missed ﬁre because Joe sprang forward
__nd_ punched him in the jaw. A crowd began to
"'g"father about the belligerents to see the scrap.

Klown on the sidewalk, half dazed.

 ‘_‘Let’s get away,” said Junk, grabbing Joe and

auling him through the crowd. V .
They soon came up to the girl, and Joe politely

»r,aised his cap to her.’ , i _ ,

“ ',“«I’m“ever so much obliged to you,” she said.

.“Don’t mention it, miss,” replied the boy. “We’ll

011' anywhere?” , .

“If you will see me down to the _wharf _where
,Yrfather’s schooneris moored I willconsider it

avor.” » l _
.“‘Certainly. Come along W1‘lZ,l’1 us. Who is that
who was so rude to you?” _ ~ g

_ His name is Price. He’s the chief mate of the
, ark Ceres out in the stream. My father brought
Jlim aboard our vessel some days ago and intro-
duced him‘ to me. Since then helhas been aboard
three ' times and pa ing me pointed attentions.
V. .0-day he came aga 11, but I refused to see him.

 

‘ j. 9,. evidently hung around and watched me,,forv

- 11 wascoming out of a shop on the next-street
e came up and addressed me. =I hurried away
"without noticing him, buthe hastenedafter me,

’ and then spoke to me as you saw.” _ _ . l s
 " guess your father will make him ‘sickvwhen.

.you?ttell himfwhat the: fellow,has, done to_yoJu,”
. ,id:EJ‘-De. _ V ~. . \ ..

Z Sea
. ‘Lu

L.

,. - JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

any use of you trying to shake me. Your father ‘

Before he gets back you’ll be Mrs. Price, or I’ll‘

, “What right have you to annoy a girl that

V short.

, the cabin.
,. _As Price, turned on Joe, the sailor smashed,
Zhim on the other jaw with his ﬁst and sent him "

itotect you if he comes this way.’ Can we take .

. so she was inclined to excuseuthem. Ata‘ny rat“
A «  l y ., _ _. she felttunder great'obIi_gations to J.oe,.an '
e.wil1*be_ very ‘angry, and will" report his

  

13’

conduct to the captain of the bark. You look like
a sailor, you and your friend. What vessel do you
bel.on to?”

“We don’t belong to any vessel, miss; We ar-
rived here on a sloop from Papua a few days ago.
My name is Joe Darcy, and my friend is Jack
Junk. We belong in Santa Catalina, California.
May Iask you your name?” '

“Dora Dent. My»father is Captain Richard
Dent, of the schooner Starlight. There she is
lying at that wharf. Where are you stopping?
My father will want, to thank you for your kind
interference in my behalf.”

We are not stopping anywhere, miss. The
fact is we haven’t any money, and are looking
around tor a place to work for our meals and a

bed till we get away from this place,” said Joe.

“You shall stop aboard the schooner until you
see my father. He will provide for you so you
won’t suifer. In fact, if you would like to ship
with us, he’ll take you, because we’re short one
haitiid, and I guess we can use another, too,” she
sai . »

“Thank you, miss. We’ll stop on the schooner
to-night, if your father doesn’t object when he’
gets back; but we can’t ship with you because
we have some business on hand. _Our objectin
coming here was to go to——-—”

A punch in the ribs from Jack Junk cut him
They had reached the schooner’ by this
time. ' ‘

f‘Allow me to helpyou aboard, miss,” said Joe.

_“Thank you,”_ she answered laughingly, taking_
his hand_and Jumping on the deck——a‘feat she
gould easily have accomplished without his assis-
ance.

Joe and the sailor followed" her aboard. The
latter hung back while the boy followed Miss
Dent aft to the companionway leading down into
Dora threw her straw hat on the
table and sat down, motioning Joe to take a chair.

“You don’t look like a common sailor, Mr.
Darcy,” she said with a smile. “How came you
to go to sea?” I — '

A Joe explained how he and his companion had
drifted out of the bay of Santa Catalina in the
night and got mixed up in an oﬂ’-shore fog. Then

he told her how they had been picked up by the ,

brig Reindeer, and ﬁnding themselves many miles
from the coast next morning, had shipped for the
voyage to Sydne and back. He explained that
a three day’s ga e had disabled the brig so that
her captain was obliged to put in to Papua for»
repairs, and that -he and Junk had deserted the‘ .
vessel there and comeion to the island of 'Ilong—».
atabu in order to carry out a project they had ’
formed many weeks since in Catalina. 
::i\T%\gn§;01;1§(no°v:;e\vhf}7 we’rg her1e:_,” he conctuded’;
r ' 0 cu eserin.ou1*-"' :-
she said, withpa shake 0}; her head. 8 y fig, 7
“I admit that it wasn’t just right, butyif I;

said Joe. - .

could explain our reason I think you’d excuse us,” w
, J .. _ t .

Knowing that sailors, and particularly green, '

hands, were often harshlyhandlede by brutal skip-17

pers and mates, Dora immediately concluded that. _ 

that was the reason why the ‘boy and his com
panion had ‘left. the brig so unceremoniously, an,

... ,  . d,iriore.~
over», was quite taken by his good iooking and? opegﬁ

       

  
  
    
  
   
 

 1

I

 

 countenance, so she did not feel like chiding the
‘ boy even if he was guilty of leaving his vessel
without permission. While they were talking, the
cook‘, who wasvalso steward, too, came in to lay
the tablefor tea. _  .
» j Dora told him she had a visitor, and to place
,’ - two\plates.' She also told*him to provide for the
. sailor, who was on deck.‘ " ‘

‘(I do wish you would ship with us,” she said to .

 ‘Joe, during the meal.’

“I’d like to‘ myself,” he.rep_l‘ied, for he was‘,
rather smitten with the fair girl; “but you see

Junk and I have a very important expedition on

v h d.” " e " ' ‘
a‘r‘lAs you said you had no money, I don't see
how you cap get along unless you»caIL.pick upa

’ job somewhere in town,” she ‘said. _
“It’s going _to be tough sailing, I guess, but if

we succeed in’our venture ,we’ll have more money‘

 514 1 i JOE DARCY’S TREASURE  .

gation as strong as possible, he will be disposedr
to render you any reasonable service in return,‘

‘ That will be your opportunity. [Tell him about 5,

  

father to go to the island and get the treasu r
for himself, leaving us in the lurch. He’d_.n§;?vei€j
believe you’d keep the story a secret froifi him,‘
for the chance of securing a large» amount of’
money‘ is a tremendous temptation to anybody.
However,  disagree with Jack. I have perfect .
conﬁdence in you, [MISS Dent, and I feel sure that
you wouldn't go back on me,” said Joe, earnestly. 
“Thank you for saying so, Mr. Darcy,” replied. -
the girl. “You may _be sure I will never letthe‘
knowledge pass my lips without your pei'missio‘n.;
I,.th1nk, though, you -may ‘conﬁde in my father‘
with perfect safety. After I have told him what,‘
you have done for me, and I will make the obli-, -

He will probably ask you how he can "repay ‘you.

 

the treasure, and ask him to help you get it; 'E;._,._

 
  
 

' ‘than we'll‘ know what to do'with.” 1 I
 ’ “Indeed!” Dora sai ,. te ardin him curious y. V _ V _
“Yes, if I were to -gelll ygouéwhit ,we are after " ,“Y'0‘-117 advice See_mS €0.04: Miss Dent. and‘  .
»«it Would. make you open your eyes}:  disposed to [follow it. Iwill speak to§J_acl_g_ abopvr .
c I “It must be something'’unusual.’’ . 19 85,216 I? as much Interested In this trea.s.urlei,as;q
“It is. , If you promise me not tosay a Word “ 1,3111,’ Said Joew V , —»  J
"to any one not even your father, I'll tell you.” ‘ They Went 011 deck» and the b0)" 53«W Jaﬂkdllnk‘ ‘
«I promi’Sé_o .  l ' I‘ forward’and smoking‘ and talking to oneroff-the‘_"'
‘fVery well, I’lltrust, you. Jack and I are after S¢h00Y1e1‘5 Crew-, He called hlm VOW?!‘ t0.‘OI,1’e—‘<2.£;“~
a pirateys ﬁeags,Vu.é_n ») I » the masts and then told him that having render
_ _ . . g - . ' a service to the captain’s daughter, he thought’
Ir - i A V. ‘ . g _ , would‘ be safe to take Captain. Dent 1‘nto‘tl‘i"
5 I conﬁdence with regard to the treasure, and mak .
a deal with him to"go'to Thimble Island in. the
c , . I schooner, and recover the pirate’s, gold from gt 
— g“A'" pirate's treasure!" exclaimed Dora, in marine C3Vel‘ng «I301? listened‘ Without Sayl ‘
, ‘astonishment; J word, and then .slap_pi_ng Joe on the back,»sai‘ '
’ '3 ‘,.‘Yes. It’s hidden on"an island not a great. W35 111 favor Of the ldeaw ‘ ~ . -_
’di's'ta.r_ic‘e_' from here.‘ _I was just thinking that “Seeiii’;_,as we_ain’t got no money, weVcoulii‘
maybe your father might‘ take us, to the island chaizteriio craft ourselves, so.-we’d have,,to‘-ma’
' and help us secure the treasure.‘ If Jack _is _ a deal with somebody. If the man wasn't hon,’
willin‘g,.I’cl be in favor of making a deal with him he might‘ trick us out of our own ‘shares aim
. that ought to pay, him well—-Tbetter thanvthe gether, and maybe toss us both overboard"to.‘
proﬁts he makes out of one of his voyages. That us’ out of the way. Such things have beenjdtm
’ would solve all our difﬁculties. We ‘needn't hang my hearty, and will be ‘done again. I reckon'.‘f
. around this town for the lord knows. how long can’t do no better than to trust that g'a1’s father
 ' waiting for a chance to get to the island that He’s_an American, at any rate, same as'ours,elj§ie‘af
V ,. mi ht never turn up unless we were Willing to and if we agree to pay him well, no.doubt lief’!
divide up‘ with some skipper, who probably would

stand with us and then’the job will be;.do’nq azfgf
not.tre.at us nearly so fairly‘ as your father.” '
; g‘.‘Well,',if youreally could prove to my father

.we can govback to California right away,’_f ;said
that a treasureexisted on one of these islands, .

‘Junk.
 i ’I dare‘ sayhe would be glad. to help’ you, getuit

The‘ matteribeing thus satisfactorily adiu .
 .. for .'a..‘reasonable' compensation, particularlyv as

between them, Jack returneduto D’ora’s”side an
-M A impatiently waited for her father to”turn’v ‘
‘;  you. have" rendered me-quite ~a_service,— for which ' ‘ D
’ he will naturally be -grateful,” said ‘Dora.

Captain Dent returned from, Kaka "a.bOlit-’5I1;‘l’§1
."Ifll,»tell you the story and let. you. judge for‘

o’clock, .-and was rather surprised to‘ see '
_ V _ daughter talking to 'a good-looking young sax
yourself,” said Joe,’ who forthwith put the girl
’ ,in‘ possession of all the facts connected with the

Dora) introduced, ‘Joe to ‘her fathe‘r,.andI ti‘:
toldethe captain what the boy had done -forth
treasure which he conﬁdently believed was hidden ~ ‘
7 that moment on Thimblelsland. ' I -

the? afternoon". She laid as much s_1_;ress.a§.»S}i
Hetold her J ack’s story of his ﬁve year’ sojou_1‘n

cou dg/on Joe’_s .servic‘e, saying ‘that’; 
V ‘timely interposition she really couldn
.on"the island in the hands of the strange natives the "mate-of the Ceres bayrka ,wou_ldn’t
' "?Whe-were no longer; there to oppose anyone enter-' to her.- 1 _ . . ‘I . gs  .7 '3, ‘ I, = . A
' ' the. caverns, and all about the sailor's strenu» "‘r"I‘,he rascal'!”‘cried the,indignant‘;cap_tai
é-experience yon" the wreck that was brought ' ‘ ' " "
into Santa" Catalina by the;StarJgf ‘-Hope- Dora;
‘ ‘ g:{eatly’.iriterested and notiaflitleisastonished.

am pretty ‘sure you will have no_ cause to re ,
making him the proposition.” I

 

  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 

VI» ;‘ C_}IAI5,TER,VIII.--A Satisfactoi‘y Arrangement.

 

 

    
   
   
  
   
  
     
  
  
   
 

 

 

    
         
     
  
  

‘must have been drunk."

He thanked. Joe forwliat he h_ac_l_d'on.e“
L ’-daughter,. and askedehim-stowhat"-vesseli
33Iow,3-L: saidfJoé,9“yo_u, know :all‘., 'I~,don’t —know
' ‘ fhe kn hadiheen,

l.onged.- 'Théleboyi‘to1d him"_tha‘t4_he‘,and. J ‘
etty mad‘ 
of

   
 
   

; 1"or_i‘ged‘to' no ‘vessel, a_i_id.'w_ere pi-a ally stra
in town 'with ' gr .~...»,f , ' .
sh Cap

        

    

-"out _a‘f<:,ent.#
1th

   
 

  
   

jheed a man, and I guess I can find work aboard
_ ‘?*r"for both of you.” .
E .- Before Joe could reply, Dora said:
 “Mr. Dent has a proposition t9 make to you
i which he regards of great importance. He has
conﬁded all the particulars to me,_, and I think
I, you ought to help him out, for if things turn out
' as he believes they will, you will make something
out of the matter, too.”
I “I shall be glad to hear your proposition, my
ad.
to you I will gladly do it,” said Captain_Dent.
» ,“All right, sir; I’ll tell you all about it. You
' may.think that it is only a wild-goose chase my
.companion and I are-. on, but I feel sure after Y0_11
’ have heard Jack Junk tell what he saw with his
.. own eyes, you will be convinced that there IS
f something in it.”
 Joe then told him all about the treasure o_n
Thimble Island. The skipper listened with an air
f’ interest, and when the boy had concluded,
sked him what his proposition was.
.  “To have you take us to the island so that we
can take possession of the gold. In return for
."~.that service we will give you one-ﬁfth of_1ts
value.” - ' '
“One-ﬁfth, eh?” _ ‘ '
~ “Yes, sir; J ack estimates that there isn’t a cent
le_ss_»than $100,000 in Spanish money there, and
e ought to have some idea since he has seen it.
'If it amounts to that much,, your share will be
$20,000. That ought to pay you well, don’t you
1' ,,think so?”
' 7 “I should say so.”

 

 
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
    

  

make a larger amount. Shall I call over Jack
and, have him tell you his story? It_ will be more
‘convincing for you to hear it from him than from
.«,meat second hand.” _

_“Call him,” said the skipper. , _
«Joe called the sailor ,aft and introduced him to
aptain Dent.

“Now, Jack, the captain wants to hear your
xperience on Thimble Island. Then he’ll decide
-Whether he’ll carry us to the island and help us
‘get hold of the go1gl.’_’ .
 ““I’Ve already promised to help you all  can, my
, =‘la;d,” said Captain Dent. “I don’t think \your

gcompanionis story. will inﬂuence me greatly. You

~'have— practically given me all the facts yourself,
and I am‘ disposed to help you with your scheme.”

. ‘. ¢.',5;.'I‘hank.you, sir. You will do_us the biggest
 favor that we could receive,” replied Joe. _ .

.’ V "The sailor then told his story, and the skipper
lilﬁéencd to him attentively. When he had con-
‘c' ded, Joe said: , _ ' "
How, sir, J ack’s yarn might seem too strange
'GD4W'arrant belief, but here is additional evidence
hat“ will show that Jack 1S not the only person

 

 

    
     
  
 

,.~.=the skipper the letter written by the dY1{1g Ben

.‘Brace in the Sydney hospital._ They adaourned

._”to the cabin so that the captain could read the
—_ jl‘ett"er by! the lamp there.

in-:f‘Further evidence as ‘to’ the truthfulness pf

’Jack’s story is,the fact that the wreck he tel s

j .8.bOut was actually towed into Santa Catalina bay

_lf'y the ‘brig Star of Hope, which is a matterof

. record. It also helped to take him out of the

’13z,arétte of the wreck where he was walled in

 as he says. Heiwasa the worst wreck of 9f 1113115

‘tx

I. ._

  

    

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

If I can Square the obligation I feel under 50 Thimble Island is an actual fact, and so I hope
you will agree to saiibthere and .prove the fact to -

“If there should ‘be more than $100,000, you’ll, '

ho has seen that treasure,” and the boy handed’

  

15

himself that.the hospital authorities ever saw
alive, and how they managed to pull him through
will always be a mystery to me To look at him
now you never could believe that he was once a
living skeleton—worse than any circus freak.‘ I
know it, for I have the evidence of my own eyes
to prove it. Then those natives he has spoken
about I saw, too, and they are in California at
this moment, most of them, and I assure you they
were a most surprising lot of natives. There
seems no doubt in my mind that the treasure of

your satisfactibn.-”

_Tl_ius spoke Joe, and his earnestness ,Was con-
vincing. (fit any ﬁate, (}§.pt1:}:iiiti DeIl&'lV{a.Sb§aV(I)1‘iil)»l();
impresse an e sai a as iim e s an
was not greatly out of the course he would have
ﬁci gake tgreach ﬁydneiy, whct}21re‘he vials liioundﬁhe

a no 0 Jec ion 0 ca mg ere an eping oe
and his companion get the treasure if it was

. there.

‘5After’ which you both can’t do better than go
on to Sydney.with me.
shall sail direct from herejoi San Francisco, so it

'will be to your interest,'to stick by the schooner

whether you find the treasure or not,” said the
captain, , ~ ,-

'I‘o this suggestion Joe and the sailor both
agreed, and so the matter was settled.

\

CHAPTER IX.-—-A Startling Surprise.

Joe was not sent forward to roost in the fore- ~-

castle with the crew, as there was only one
vacant berth there, which was taken possession
_of by Jack Junk. The boy was accommodated
with a bunk in a small room at .the forward end
of the cabin. This room was used to,store sup-
plies and various odds and ends, such a spare
ro e, canvas, and such. The bunk was ﬁlled
wi h stuff that Joe had to toss to one side before
he could occupy it, but he didn’t ﬁnd any fault
with his cramped surroundings, as he was not
likely to spend any more time there than what he
needed for rest. The mate of the schooner turned
up next morning, and Joe was introduced to him

as an extra hand who would go on watch and "

stand his trick at the wheel with the rest of the
crew. I

I Joe, however, had this advantage, which he
greatly appreciated, as it- would’. throw him in
Dora’s company; he would eat in the cabin. The
schooner had nearly all her cargo aboard. All
she was waiting for was a consignment from the
interior town of‘Kaka, and this arrived two days
later. During those days the crew had nothing
to do, and Joe spent most of his time in D,ora’s
company. -

. The young people had taken a great fancy to 

each other, and though the mate frowned upon
the growing intimacy between a foremast hand
and the skipper’s daughter as not in accordance
with his ideas of discipline, and went so fargas to
call the skipper’s attention to it, Captain Dent

made no effort" to nip it in the bud. He had also. 
takenia liking for the stalwart young lad, arid“ "

having an idea that ‘he was likely to come into
possession“ of fortune through thetreasure ,

3.,

     

     
 

 

Then the chances are I-

   

 is 

_ Thimble Island, in which he put considerable
. conﬁdence, after hearing the sail.or’s story. and
believing that such a slice of good luck would

-put an end to his connection with the sea, he

considered the boy a ’suitahle.compan‘ion for his

daughter. , V , .

The hatches-were"‘battened-down at ,last, the

’ anchor raised, the sails hoisted, and the schooner
Starlight slowly slipped. out of port into the
broad Paciﬁc. "Her course, somewhat to the mate’s

j surprise, who wasnot in the secret, was laid for

Thimble Island, and under the light breeze she

gradually neared the goal of.gthe_,hopes of Joe

Darcy and -his friend, Jack Junk. “‘ * ‘ b

“What did I tell you, my hearty?”- said Jack,.

as the schooner s1ipped_through the water. “I

" said that there cruise in the brig might turn out
lucky for us, and you see it has. We’re on the
way to Thimble Island now, and the treasure is

as. good as in. our possession now.” ,

‘; _ “Don’t crow, .aJac'k, before ,you’re out .of. the

  wood,” replied Joe. ,-,“.Sev,era1 months have passed
" “since you and the"natives‘w.ere carried away from

the island, and there’s no-telling xgiat has hap-
pened in the ,meantime.« Somebody se may have
got in ahead of us————Bi“ll Herring, for instance.
“I hope not,” said ‘Jack. “At any rate, the
chances are ‘against him. We’d have had no end
of troubles ourselvesif luck had not run our

Wait . . ’

_ ‘ . ‘‘That’s true; but he_ might have gone d*iﬂ"'erently

7. to work aboutrit." For instance, if he managed to‘

interest some man with’ money to get up an expe-

» dition, promising him half of the treasure, his
- crowd might have reached the island during the
interval since you werethere, and then , ”

, ' “I don’t want to think about such a thing.-. I
- should tear things up generallyif I‘ found that
gold gone. Seein’ as‘I’ve lost ﬁve years of my Life
in them caverns, almost within-touch of ‘the treas- '

 ure, I should’ feel like jumpin’ into the. sea ,if

, somebody else had got away ‘with it,” said the

’ .sail.or.  _ ~ ~ A ' ,
“It-» would be a pretty‘ rough deal for both of us,

5 for ’I“haven’t much else than think about it
1 «since I found that letter, and then heard your
“ ‘story conﬁrming its a”c'curacy,T’ said .‘Joe. »

They talked a while longer, and then Joe was.
 summonedaft to stand a‘ two-hour spell ‘at ‘the
‘ ;wheel.. I j . » .7 .

T On the morning of the third day after leaving

' , _ Tongatalnr a cloudslike object was ‘sighted ahead,

..f which proved to be Thimble Island. As soon as

Joe heard the announcement he became excited,

— Tforhis mind was divided between expectation and

, , uncertainty. He ventured to approach Dora, who
.had‘just con1ie‘on deck. _ '_ _ ‘

¥,"‘_“Yonder is" Thimble Island,” he said, pointing‘,

 f‘Before' night I shall know whether I’m

 

   
  

is‘-
.0

A ~ °.f‘me«’’7. , — I ~ A I ~ . .
_, '.~“"Why, who could get ahead of you?” shelsaid
" in some surprise. "

“The! man to whom ‘that letter was sent by Ben
‘ ,Bra'q,e1—Bil1 Herring is his name. . ‘ , r :
~_ ?‘_‘,Y',' u. never -told me before that you feared he
would deprive you of the treas_ure,”i she said.-
~ .f‘Well, I never really thought I had anything to -

    

‘E. Ti.

JOE 1 DARCY’S TREASURE - j ‘

I of your: hopes.”

and she left Joe with his eager gaze fastenedxon ~

H-

. army.” ~

a3‘ricliv,,'boy, or thatpsomebody else has "got ahead I

from him‘; but'no‘w that the island is actual— ‘
(sig-_ht,.V  ”oblige._d‘ to say. that I,  Uin_&lji’e;1ft’em ‘
. .. . . . . , _ . ,V V’ ea

 

“I, wou_1dn’t worry about the matter,” she saidyi
encouragmgly. “It is natural that you should ‘v
feel nervous and excited when nearing the goal g

“I should feel all broke up the gold had dis-i
app_:ared,” he said. “I’ve built so many hopes .
on i . _

“It would. certainly be~a great disappointment ,,
to you,” said the girl; “and to your friend‘ as;
zi.:“n‘:.::‘;  :*rr..':“;%.*:: :;%:i.:»ItsemS W m

Dora was called to breakfast at that moment,

the island ahead, its. thimble-shaped formation‘ i
becoming each moment more distinct as‘ the I 4
schooner bore down on ‘it. He was presently 
joined by Jack. _ ‘ . T . 

v“Tli,ere’s the Thimble rock as plain as the nose‘ 
on yourfface, my hearty,” said the sailor.

"‘I see it.» The marine caverns are underneath
it,” replied Jack. 
“Yes, close to the water—not ' much over  ‘
dozen feet away from the high-tide marl-t.”~ ‘ ._

“Puts you in mind of your stay among. the naé
tivesiito see the izland again, doesn’t it?” V , 
1 “That’s what it does, matey. Seems just‘ like *
yesterday I.Was here. See that big palm yonder I
that’s just come" into sight’near the Thimble?” 7

“At the foot of it? Yes.f’ ’ ‘ V  '

_“The wreck was tied to that.’,’

Joe gazed at the tree with interest.

 

.. ...«.,n......_.., .-

' It -was

I wonderffil to him to think that a derelict that had”,

beentied there. many thousands of milesiwestbf ; C
the coast of California should eventuallyland ink, '
Santa. Catalina Bay, as sound as when she broke, 
loose from her moorings. As the moments passed, -

i
l
s the schooner drew nearer to the island, "and Jack: 
5

Eoingéd ‘out different landmarks that he remeini-"" '
ere .‘ , , _ v i :-
“_There’s the banana grove where" the ’nati\Z¢_3$3$
got their supply‘ of fruit,” said Jack, presently-
There’s enough of the fruit‘ there to feed‘:an'

    
 

‘‘There’s enough to fill up the; holddf  ,
schooners the size of this one, and she’,s,‘a ‘pretty'" 1.!

tidy-sized craft,” said Jack. _ _ ,_
I /“And it all goes to waste.” 1 ‘ '

‘ “Of rt course, when there ain’t 'nobody“to teat. it.i".a,':A;,. 
i Joe was now called to his, breakf ‘ as. the 
skipper and his daughter were done,  he‘ Wadi‘

 

so excited at the prospect ahead that he-lhad, very;

. littleappctite for it.,—‘Wh'en Captain Dent C'_ p ’ 
won deck -he gave orders to his mate to brii_ig.= f

  

schooner “as close to the ‘island as he‘ though .
prudent. * V - ‘ ' »

. _. .. _ _,
‘,‘Do you intend to go ashore there, sir‘!.” asked.
- . a   .4,

“the officer in some surprise.
. uI_ d").n__ , . -

‘The mate was somewhat‘ curioiis‘_to learn 
reason, but as thevskipper did not volunteer, 11
information, he ‘didcnotfeel that it we his/pla

   

v to ask-any questions, on the subject. 

, The schooner lay to about half _ at, }_i‘?ii1e7 from;
shore. Captain Dent ‘oi-dezxsd, one of   “
into the water,‘ and Joe and Jack ;Ju'iik-,_e‘

3'
‘ii

 

7 directed to get into it. Dora was r,unningiup;b1§l;‘

of thecabiri with her hat on. ’ - . , , 
I “Ma I ‘go, too, father?" she ask«ed,_>eag'erly
the skipper; was tin the? act, of: takinghi: I

ees. .r_  5;,  C"
,...!3e.r:~¥ath.er,: .§m1I1n81r’ “

   

    

 i’ there is J10 harm in you
Wal:I‘:1li)anded her into the boat, and then ordered
Junk‘ to shove off. Joe and Jack bent to the oars
with a vim, then breasts heaving with suppressed
' excitement. Their backs were toward theisland
 s as ‘they rowed, but their hearts and minds were

‘projected ahead. The skipper headed for the
I little cove at .h foot of Thimble rock, and he

 

‘accompanying us if you t

.and Dora could already make out the dark open- ‘

— ' ded t‘ to the marine caves
_ A». irxggoktljlaifnliﬁhgd spfirlieharatlfout, and in which he
 had been kept a prisoner for ﬁve years. If

Captain Dent ever.had any doubts as to the ac-

 curacy of the sai1or’s yarn, they were put to ﬂight -

by the conﬁrmatory evidencesthat his eyes now
rested upon, showing beyond any reasonable
doubt that Junk had been here before._ ._

= “Cease rowing,” ordere the captaiiiat last.

  

, oars to rest on a ‘level with the, gunwhale. _
 “Take in your cars, my lads. We are _close in
and under sufﬁcient headway,” said Captain Dent.
' Their oars rattledon the seats, and Joe and
V Jack turned to lookat the island. The boat was
darting into thecove, and high above the heads
‘of the party rose Thimble rock, smooth around
the base, and then'coi-rugated and full of holes

 
 

~more closely resembled "a gigantic thimble.

’ , Joe and Jack stopped pulling and allowed their 7

1

from there up, Nothing in‘ nature could have ~

JOE DA1t,CY’Si TREASURE HAUNTW

  v «Isn't it wonderful!” exclaimed Dora. “It looks 

" ﬁust like a real thimble, only tremendously big.f’
 ’ “Yes, like a thimble with a piece broken out of
' ’ the art where it goes on one’s ﬁnger,” said Joe.

“~ hat’s the entrance of the marine caves, isn’t

 iii?” she said, her eyes sparkling with almostas ‘

~'Inuch anticipation as Joe’s. ‘ \

‘.‘Yes, miss," replied the sailor. ~“I ought to

W ” .remember that there doorway well, seein’ ,as I ~v

. was marched in and out_ of_ it often enough" by
”; them natives. myiey never once .trusted me alone.
. v Just as-’ if I could have got.__,away‘ when there
»‘ , ,'wasn’t a boat nowhere at hand for "me. to get

 

 

i 1 enoughto think "of facingslow starvation on the
- chance of bem’ picked up onsthe _wide ocean.

The boat shot up on the sand a footoij two’

‘i "and Joe was theiﬁrst to'land.V The captain and
‘ qraﬂ followed, leaving Jack to secure the boat.

  
 
   
  

he uttered an ex‘clamati_on' of ._su1‘_p1‘iS€- ‘ , ~

' “Lookl Look!’ he cried, , ointing. “Theres a
:"1,0x.fu11 of money,.upset on 318 sand near the en-
—'t ~t th cave?’ ~~:" 9“   .' 1.

V, Iliilllelocgkedeat the spot and saw‘ the astonishing‘
rsighi-,_ The box" lay on its side, without a c0VBI'y
and from it ﬂowed 'a'ﬂood of glittering yellow
 id t’a. 
°°§¥‘1{,’;,1,‘km,ce.‘-i $33?“ °h§§_‘ 5 igtlrlaf money!”_ ‘ex-
‘claimed.‘=DI0ra- ,’ . ' ' ’ ‘
To Jack, howefvegid, u eﬁng

. ‘ s i . ' I T

J J» ;¢.%4I;’_1::ads Sbutnbzeif thelrg when he left the island

    
  
  
 
     
 
  
 
  

‘.'\

i1i'utiv’é9£li‘esidents,.therefore it indicated that some-
 :31; y élsehad been here since——was there yet, in
‘ ' ‘air ‘robability. — ' T ‘ '

 .ho-Iieould that person, or perS¢Tl§, 56.7 Bin

 

is-‘involuntary cruise on the wreck with the

’aﬂoa‘t in. Even if there had‘ been, ‘I wasn’t fool?

Joe are hardly advanced more than a yard when i

_ was still unchecked. Howeverphe soon sawthiit

‘theﬂpresence of that golden ‘

I 3- — ~ ' *  esghipwrecked sailors.‘ .'Th'é l_atter_,
;.§§§2?,%é”s§$ea probable, since there‘ wasj‘n0_,

" T iaftithan the schim"ner.anch0red.'aiiXW11eT°'

‘.;.,g». _ . :..e.— -. " k._.-,.i.,.‘." ‘

,a distinctly greenish tinge. Finally/he was dra ,,n~

- roof was glorious, within’ lovely,

' .rolled,- over and :l90ked_‘to see whoit _
1 who ;_1~«iad.talcen ,hin1i pf‘ soner.~r‘H,’ 

of merchandise," and had no feeling. The gloom: j

.When '_ ‘e did become 7 conscious

 

 1'7. 

in sight. That didn’t‘ say that there might; not

be a vessel off the sautheastern shore, for owing

to the hilly characterrof the island they could ’ 

‘not see completely across it. -’ .  ’ ‘
But a greater. surprise was in store for them

all, especially‘ for Joe Darcy. It came with 9.

suddenness that quite took their breath away.

While Joe stood looking atthe overturned box of :

gold coins, a lasso ﬂew out of the cave, andthe ’

noose tightened around his body. The next instant‘

he was dragged into the dark opening. His

friends uttered cries of alarm. ’ ' .,

 

I , A , ,
CHAPTER X.—In the Caverns Under
i the Thimble.

Joe was never more astonished in his life, not
more taken by surprise than when he felt himself‘
yanked off his feet with unpleasant suddenness,
and dragged, outof the bright sunlight into the‘
gloomy reces of the base of Thimble rock. He
grabbed the rope. and tried to stay his progress ..
by digginghis heels into the sandy ﬂoorof the ‘ 
narrow passage through which he -was being 7’ '
drawn; but his efforts were vain. He was pulled '
onward, deeper into the recesses of Thimble rock, ' 9 '
until he found’ that the passage had widened into . i" ‘
a cave. ‘ .. _ ‘

Who ever had made him a prisoner did not 
stop there, but hauled him into still another pas— I
sage that led downward in a turning way. Alli;
was dark around him—pitch dark, and his" body , -.
was growing sore from the bumps it was getting.
He shouted to his captor, asking the meaning of 
this strange and outrageous treatment. He might
as well have held his peace, for no attention was
paid to his protestations. He was dragged into
another cavern.‘ ' ' - .V '»
. ‘At least he judged so,,for he. was no longer 
bumped against the stone walls at imminent T
danger: pf cracking his skull'- against some project-
ing stone- Here he was pulled over a smooth,
hard and level surface, just as if he was a 

    
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
     
    
  
 
   
   
  
    
  

here seemed less "intense, ‘whether because his eyes V - ,
had grownaccustomedto the 'darkness, or from, 4
some other cause.»  g ', V "
A; pale, soft light seemed to be reﬂected upward
against the roof. _ Joe was in no mood or osition-j
toponder ‘over this fact, as his progress ‘or:.va1ii=l.:

he was passing under an archway into a still“
lighter cavern. The light here was“undulatin‘g,LV
like the rippling surface, of the sea, and was of, 

through another short passage into still anot er 1
cavern of ample dimensions. Its low, ﬂattened
I , evercliang’ing-fp§,t~
tern, formed bv the isﬁection of the sunlight T rdm’
the waves outside,. ' U} __ \ ,   ?« 5
He was so fascinated bvithe appearance of Elie‘
roof, which seemed to be all in motion-,—lig-l=H;s
and shadows: soft_as silken weavings,'.chasixi‘g.-
each other,,onening,' closing and interlacing ‘iii tlfe‘:
most wonderful way. till he grew dazzled—.-tha *
he failed tonotice that he had come togzare
of the‘ fa

 

   
  
  

 

    
 

   
  

  

18

The man, ,—if man he was, had vanished in a most
mysterious way. He sat up and wheeled all the
way around, but though his eyes took in every
corner of the place. there was not a soul in the
curiously lighted marinecavern but himself.

“Where Ln"-thunder hasjhe gone to?” Joe asked
liiﬁiself, wonderingly. q ,

‘He rose to his feet without difficulty and saw
the lariet trailing off on the" sand like a thin,
sinuous, lengthy snake. He pulled it to him, un-
ioosened the loop that was tightly drawn under
ms armpits and released himself from it.

 ’~‘What in thunder is the meaning of all this?”
he'~'cried. “Here I’ve been hauled down into these
caverns, which seem just above the level of the
sea-’, and left here to shift for myself. I must get
back to the surface as fast as I can go. Jack and
the skipper and Dora must have had a ﬁt when

. they saw me disappear‘in such an unceremonious

way into that yawning black hole. I dare say
Jack will be after me, for he knows the way in

* this place, and I shall meet him on the way out.”

As Joe had no doubt about returning the way
heﬁcame, notwithstanding the darkness of the in-
iier and upper passages and caves. he did not
hasten his steps. for he was quite taken with the
peculiar cavern in which he had come to a‘ stop in.
He could not understand how the place was illu-
minated in such an indescribable way. That it
was a reﬂection of the sun on the water he was
sure, but whence came it? He could see no open-
ing, and surely openings there must be to enable

. the light from without to- enter, since it was not’
‘ possible for it to penetrate solid rock.

It is really

.“Thi_s is a truly wonderful cavern.
How

worth the experience I went through to see.

‘ delightful Dora will be when I bring her down

here!”
. :He walked around it, trying to ﬁnd the opening

 that admitted the light, but was not successful in

s most durable nature.

, his search. Everywhere the place was carpeted

with softsand, through which stood up smooth
blocks with ﬂattened tops, readily suggesting
tables, chairs and couches of the hardest and
The only opening in the
place was the one through which he had been
dragged.‘ After a last lingering look at the mov-
"ing ceiling of the low cavern, he started back to
rejoin his friends. i
“The chap who pulled me down here only work-

T . ed» a fool trick. What could have been his object?

 

   
  
 
 

What has it amounted to? Nothing but subject- «

ing, me to a lot of inconvenience, and making my
bones ache. I don't see anything funny in that
"even if he did.”

He now re-entered the cavern lit by the soft,

greenish light. He walked across it in the direc-

fvtiqn he thought the passage beyond was, but’
found himself facing a solid stone wall.

He fol-
lowed the wall till he came back to the entrance

to the other passage, . _
“Where in creation‘ 1S that opening, anyway?

‘i Must be the other way.” he said.

so he kept on walking with one hand on the

it 5 wall, but.’ no passageway appeared. He was great-
, lypuzzled, but kept on till he once more reached

the passageileading back into the cavern of the

 wavering lights he had left.

“Where! is the entrance to this place that fel-

~ low pulledme through? Blessed if I can ﬁnd it.

‘It was akind of archway, but I don’t see any
:s.rchWav here.” 1 V  ~

I . I

 

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT A ’ .-

Thus mused Joe as he started on a fresh survey
of the cavern. He examined every crevice and
cranny inward, fully expecting to ﬁno some low
arch leading into a dark passage, but he failed
to ﬁnd an opening of any kind. There must be
two passages out of the lighted cavern, and I’ve
taken the wrong one, and yet I’l1 swear this is
the green tinted one I was in before, unless there
are two alike.” thought the boy. .

He went back through to the big lighted cavern
and looked for anotheripassage out of it; but
there was only the one leading into the green-
hued cave. Joe now began to feel somewhat
alarmed.
under the rock oppressed him. He rushed back
into the inner cave and made another desperate
hunt for the way out. He was no more success-
ful than before.

“There’s some hocus-pocus in all this,” he said,
scratching his head. “Certainly I wasn’t dragged
through that stone wall: My -recollection is of a
dark passage beyond with an archway into this
place. 0*? there is no archway and no evidence
of the passage at all. There must be some secret
«to this cave. If there is, I’m up against it hard.
What the dickens shall I do? If that chap dragged
me here to leave me in a living tomb. I suppose ‘I
shall starve to death.”

He returned to the lighted cavern and sat.’

down disconsolatelv on the sand. We was’ no
longer interested in the incomparable, everchang-

ing beauties of the ceiling. All he could think"

about now was the immediate future, and what
his fate was to be. How long he sat there, the
picture of dejection, he_never afterward remem-
bered. It was some time, however, and while
that time passed away his friends abovewere
hunting for him. Hardly had Joe been drag ed‘?

into the cavern than Jack, recovering from is i . .

surprise. started after him to ﬁnd out the mean-
ing of the strange happening. ‘ 0

He followed the same course that Joe was be-
ing dragged, and heard the boy’s voice ahead, but
he couldn’t overtake him. as he had to. proceed
cautiously, knowing from experience that pieces
of rock hung down from the ceiling in places,
which he could not see owing to the darkness.
Dora and her father awaited his eturn with Joe,
whom they conﬁdently expected e would bring
back. They amused themselves handling the
gold coins, and speculating on the probable"'vol-
ume of what was still in the box, together with
the spilled portion on the sand.‘ With Dora’s
help the captain righted the box, and then both
started to return the loose gold back into it.

“There’s a small fortune, here, without talk-
ing about the rest, if there is any more, as I
judge there must be from J un-k’s statement,” said
Captain Dent. '

The sensation of being buried alive »

‘How much do you think it is‘ worth?” asked '

Dora. V

_ “Forty or ﬁfty thousand dollars, I should

imagine.” ..
“Joe ‘will be entitled to $20,000 of that. ',That

will make him quite Well oﬁ’. If they giv‘ ‘,-you

a ﬁfth, as theyspromised, you will make .$-'\_.,,00G"‘.
with very little trouble. It was lucky We;5met'

them at Tongatabu,” said the girl.
The skipper agreed‘ with her.

$10,000 was more than he could make‘ out of
several voyages. The captain stepped to the boat ‘
to see wherethe box of gold could be best placed

The sum *-or W’

 

 

 ‘r.

JOE 'DAl{CY’S TREASURE Hum

" aboard of pit. Hardly was his back turned than
Dora uttered a thrilling scream’. ‘Captain Dent
sprang around just in time to see her vanish
into the opening, clasped ‘in thejarms ofa ragged
looking‘ object, whose identity he could not dis-
tinguish. ,

CHAPTER XI.—Companions in Misfortune!

.With an exclamation of consternation, Cap-
tain Dent dashed after his screaming daughter.
Her cries soon ceased, while he rushed on in .the
direction whence they had come. All was dense
darkness, but he pushed ahead regardless of any-
thing. As a consequence, his head came in con-

" tact with a rock with such force that he’ dropped‘

senseless in his tracks, and there'he was found

by Jack Junk, who tumbled over him. as he was .

returning from his unsuccessful hunt f.or,,,Joe. M

The.sailor,'.after exploringall the passages and.
caves with which he"was familiar, as well ashes

could in the darkness, "decided that a more ex-
‘tendedhunt would have to be‘ prosecuted with
lantern light. , He began to suspect that, though
hevhad spent five years in that place, there were
others caverns into which he had never been in-
‘. "troduced by the natives. He was right, for he
had never been in the green-tinted cave, nor the
wonderfully’ illuminated one where Joe was a
prisorler for the moment. - - g‘ ' , ~
. ’,' When‘ he fell over’ the unconscious *body_of
"Captain Dent his first impression was that he
. had come upon Joe, after; all. -He soon made out
 , that he hadn’t, and the hext“moment discovered
' that it wasthe skipper. He felt blood on his
J" forehead, so he was at no loss to understand how
Captain Dent came to be in the condition he‘ had
found him. Lifting the skipper in his arms he
C ' bore him out into the sunlight. He looked around
. for Dora, but she was gone, and that was an-
. other surprise to him, for he couldn’t imagine
where she had gone to. " ’

   

  take a look at the island,f’ he thought. “She’ll
beback‘ in a moment or two.” ‘ _

1 7 H,’ carried the captain down to the water and

 'bega%bathing his head. In a-fewqnoments ‘the

fskipfper ‘opened his eyes and looked around in la

dazed way. Then _his thoughts collected them-

* = selves. * iv .
 ' “Dora, have you got her?” he cried. .
,7 g » ;‘.‘Me got her? Whatd’-Y.€_ meani‘ C~"—1P’,I1?
A‘ "somewhere arounhere, ain’t she?”.:; ' K _ . '
No, no,” Ac’ri_ed;Captain_,Dent, getting on his feet
, and speaking with feverish eagerness.
‘carried off into the‘ entrance, and through the
passage beyond, just ‘like Joe. * I must follow and
ave her.” ’ . i _ _ _

4 o1d.on,, cap’n. 'You can’t go without a light.
another knock like the clip that laid
The ceiling of that there passage is
A man can’t‘ ‘walk upright in

  

 
 
     
      
 
  

.89‘?
. '§”M- . .

f,ulIo‘l' projections.
.. t noliowf?» _ . . . , -
!‘B’i1t my daughter—-I can}t desert her. Some

 

"‘W_efmust‘ return to‘the~ schooner for lanterns

, I andsome of».fthe,,crew to hel_p-us tackle the chap"
‘  ur chapsrwhoi are.,in possess10n’0fil7he ‘Secrets Of.‘

 

he .'t,:avern,s..4 ..jW'e- -had betterj provide, ourselves

   

' vanishing into thelpassage.

. an exclamation of» profound amazement.’ Stretched.

“Maybe she’s strayed away.» behind them trees‘

it: She’s,

~‘-‘she’! Wa5~ .ani’mal,” she said, looking. up.

rout of his‘ head- At any rate, his a'c"tion'st-ta

sconndrel has carried her down into those cavesl’;

 

with weapons too’,"f.oi'7 there’s no tellin’ what"we'
may run up.aga1nst. . _
The captain was averseto leaving his child
on_ the island, but was .ﬁnalIy overruled by the
sailor s logic. So they pushed off for the schooner 
after Jack had taken the. precaution to shove the
box of gold coins out of sight into the shrub-
bery close at hand. In the meantime, how falfed
matters with Joe? .. , H. -,
.He had grown tired _of sitting in the sand;
and had started to see if there was some exit ,
from_the big cave. .He argued that there. must 
be, since the person who hadgdragged him yin. _'
there had not returned by way of the passage.-
Had he done so the boy would have seen him .
pass in that direction. He had "vanished some " J
other way, and as it wasn't possible for aihuman . 
being to pass through a wall of solid rock, of . 3
course it was reasonable to conclude that there‘ ‘

. was another exit. from the place. ;

Therefore Joe hunted for this avenue of escape.+'ii
Althought he had,looked the cavern over pretty
well before and seenno opening, he was never’-.
theless, conﬁdent that there must be an opening,-‘n " ’”:'
probably a very narrow onefwhich had escaped . I a
his casual survey. He had reached the far end iof‘< - H
the cavern when he -thought he heard a faint suc—  ’
‘cession of sounds behind him..,v ' ». «- . "

He turned quickly and caught sight of a shadow ‘ '

_ He dashed afteri  H
for he was 9. .pl1ic_ky lad, but had hardly traver ,
half of the cavern before he came to a stop with"/‘

  

  
 

 

upon one of the stone couches ‘f th ldjgol
}I))e called, he/beheld the unconscioilis ifolign ‘bOfu.Do?1:a
ent; H . _ . -.  ; .  .-: _ 
“My gracious!” exclaimed Joe. “Dora here! ,7 
‘I saw a. shadow steal off through that passage. , 
Must have beenthe person who brought here"‘in ’ ~' 7‘
here. How could he havergot hold of her with‘, 5
her father to protect ‘her’! ' I suppose that’s'—thé“1:‘,‘,i=;
sarnelrascal who lassoed_ me. Now we’re‘ both‘ 
prisqners~—she and I. This is getting” to be prettyi , _' ,.
serious. Maybe we’ll have Jack in here next. No, _ ,
I hardly think so. He is too tough a Tpropositic‘m‘  
to be handled with impunity.” ’ 4 .
At that juncture Dora opened her eyes and w '
Sat 119- ,. p ‘   ‘ "V
“Why, where am I-?”' she’ said,‘ looking ar.ound5”«-
her in wonderment. “Is thatyou, J oe?”.she":a§kei ’ 7
as her. eyes rested on him. — _ . ..'_ " I
l “Yes, Miss Dora. How came you to be here ‘i
Who brought you down into this cavern?” , — ‘7 '

 

 

 
  
  
  
   
    
    
    
   
   
   
     
  

  

.. The girl shuddered and hid her face in«he13.<
hands. ‘ ' ' ’ '  ‘X!

“I 'don’t know whether he was a man or,’ ant...
_ ‘ _ ,“His face wa_[s.so,’.
hairy that he hardly looked like a human being‘;
but he was half clothed in‘ ragged gamientsﬁso’
I, suppose he im_ust.' have been~a man,” , _ ,. ‘-

"ljguess he was a,man,‘a1l_ right; '—pr'6b,a?
the same chap! who captured mewith " 1 
and .dragged~me,all the wayMhereA.qn..'m3t,.‘back
He may be some shipwrecked sailor‘.whq:.ha”sw;g‘on

in
:3‘

very'cui'ious, for ,I can’t see what he expec
gain, by such business.» Your’ father"v'vi1l 
“these"undergroun‘d_ passages to pieces ‘to ﬁa‘d‘7y5
and it wiil. 8° hﬁ'1"d__Witli any oné..1who'7  3 l
him,j’*«..said’»Joe,'.,.-‘ >  >..*7r = 
a,_ afte "brieﬂy e

  

  

seized off her guard'by the hard looking object,
and carried into the passage, screaming, said she
had lost her senses through fright on ﬁnding her-‘
self being borne along under ground, and remem-
bered nothing more till she came ' to in Joe’s
presence. She then asked the boy to tell his_ ex-
perience, which he ‘did.
.,.';‘he worst of it, I
after the fellow left me. _
ar, hway-through which I remember being drag-
ged, but the place appeared to havggvanished, as
if_,{t had been walled up. I was Just trying to
I  another exit when you were brought in here.
fo e, we will look for it together/’,
, ge took her by the hand.
,‘ '.Isn’t this a wonderful place? Where does that
liglit come from?” she asked, pointing at the ceil-

. r in '. . »
 %,Blessed if I can tell,” replied Joe. v “It seems

; - 1

to he the reﬂection of the sunlight, so I conclude ,

there must be a hole of some extent liere‘some—
* where.” 2 '
" Dora watched the changing sunlight in-a kind
of entranced way. .
I” ’.‘That must be the water in motion, and the
sunlight shining throught it, or oniit,” she said.
“Inever saw anything half as beautiful as that
before.” ’ ~ ' _
“Come, Miss Dora; we are wasting time, said
Joe, whose thoughts were centered on escaping
§fr5m the marine cavern. “Some of'the most beau-
_ tiful’ things in this world are the most danger-
ous. V
He led her over to the extreme end of the
cavern and looked for a crevice in the wall wide
. enough forlthem to pass through. There was
" none there; but right over their heads he could
"make out a long slit in the top of the rock j_ust
Turider the ceiling. It was several inches wide,
and through it the light came. They could hear
the splashing of the wavelets against the rocky
. barrier beyond, and thattold them there was an
opening in the sea beyond their sight.
,;“There’s no escape for us in this direction,”

. 

N

 

 

.s
‘ getting out, since we both got in here,” she said.
  ,“That’s common sense, but just the same we
 gcan’t ﬁnd it.” i ‘

, I -He took her into the cavern with the green
-greﬂection on the ceiling. ,
.  “The entrance is somewhere here,” he said;
f = “but the person who brought me- here must have

,means for stopping it up, for you see there isn’t
’ a sign of any exit.” ’

'iThe gloominess of this cavern ratherdepressed
their spirits, so they returned to the larger one.
' The -light didn’t seem as bright as it was before,
» " while the reﬂection had assumed a greenish tinge.

{This was due to the rising of the tide, but neither
»'.J,:?e_,tndr his fair companion suspected the cause
'0 i .

_ ' They sat down on the sand and watched the
‘fading of the bright colors on the ceiling until
the waverings assumed the same pale green hue
»'«a's,that: of the other cavern.g Had they returned
to,,the. other cavern, they would have found it
ark, for the shivering green tint had departed
rom it. Dora laid her head on Joe’_s shoulder

mi£Jn=;gan to cry softly.

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

aid Joe.
!‘What shall we do? * Theremust be a way of.

I

couldn’t find the way out’
I have hunted for the ,

he‘ was "frightened‘-. at Ltheir situation,-lwhich’ 2
  .. Vf,“‘_A,,'

  

;if it’s as late as that,” replied Joe..
is up and that is why the light is. shut off)’. pt. v
“But father ought to. have found us ‘before; 

JOE DARCY’S TFREASUREW HUNT

tried even the'lad’s plucky nature. The silence,
the sense of entombment, and the general mystery
surrounding their prison in the foundation of
Thimble rock, all conspired to depress their
minds. Joe would have felt much worse had

he been alone, but he found a kind of melancholy ‘

relief in trying to cheer the girl up. He spoke

‘to her eiicouragingly about the certainty of their
ultimate escape through the efforts of her father '

and the schooner’s crew, who would surely leave
not a stone unturned in their efforts to ﬁnd them
both. . V

Finally between the heat and the gloom and
the silence they went to sleep. About four hours

’later Joe woke up and at his feet he found a
bunch of ripe bananas and a vessel ﬁlled with ’

water._ That showed the cavern had been visited
by their raptor while they slept. Clearly, slow.
starvation was not part of the program.

Joe was hungry, and he ate several of the ,‘

bananas with great relish, and washed them down
with a drink of water, which was cool and invig-
orating. His courage returned, and he waited for
Dora to wake up. He did not wish to disturb her,
for foregetfulnessiwas a boon to her under the
circumstances. A deeper gloom than ever en-

shrowded the cavern, and Joe, wondered what'-
‘caused the change from the brilliant dancing re- 

ﬂection of the sunlight.

At length the true reason, the rising of  
When the sea; 3»

tide outside, occurred to him.
fell again the sunshine would return, but it would
then be late in the afternoon. They ought to be
rescued before that. It would be mighty funny
if the whole crew of the schooner’ coiildn’t ﬁnd
them before that, with Jack and the captain to
spur them on. So he sat there and thought as
the moments ﬂeeted by.

 

\

Cl-IAPTER XII.—Two Hearts That Beat as one.

Dora woke up presently and seemed frightened

to ﬁnd herself still in the underground caverns. 
Joe calmed her apprehensions somewhat, and "
pointing to the bananas and water, asked her if ‘‘

she didn’t Want some. _ 
“Where. did they come from?” she. ask
surprise. ~ ’- g
“I found them there when I woke up, so, of
course, the party that brought us here brought
them, too,” replied Joe. ‘ I’
Dora was too anxious to feel much like eating,.

in _
III

but the boy prevailed on her to sample thefruit ‘

and she liked it so well that she ate two:
“How long have we been asleep?” she asked. It
looks almost as if it was night.” i
“Oh, I guess it is hardly more than mid-day,
“The tide

this,” she said.‘ -.

._Joe thought so ‘himself, but he didn’t sag; ‘shit i

He’ was sure several hours had passed since their
capture, and unless something unusual had hap-
pened, surely they ought to have been found long
since. It began to dawn on the boy’s mind that

the two caverns towhich they were conﬁned were ,.
different ones than those {Jack had been held in.’

The sailog had‘vnev_er‘sppken about the won-'

   

 

  

 ' buried it on his shoulder. _ _
he held her fast for many minutes, then he said, .

JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

derful illumination of this cave, as it seemed to
Joe he surely would have done had he ever visited
it when the tide was low. If he did not know
the existence of the place, which appeared to be
shut off from the main passage in some mysteri-
ous way, why, naturely, he could not point out
the way to it, but would guide the searching party
to those caverns he was familiar with.

Clearly the base of Thimble rock reappeared to
be honeycombed with caverns and passages. The
more Joe considered their situation the more seri-
ous he considered it. He comforted himself with
the reﬂection that Captain Dent would not desist
from his exploration of the rock until he had
found tlrem. _ ‘ _

“When we are not discovered _in the main
caverns he will naturally conclude that there are
other caves somewhere about, and will make a
strenuous effort to locate them,” thought the boy.
“That should lead to_ our escape.”

“If you were not with me, I don’t know what
,I should do,” said Dora.  _

“It would be pretty hard on you to be here
alone," he replied. _ _ ,

“Dreadful!” she_ exclaimed with a shudder,
drawing closer to him. _ _

In his sympathy for her he encircled her waist
with his arm, and she did not obyect to ,this
little familiarity. _

, “Well, don’t worry, I will look out for you and
help you all I can,” he said. “I won’t let any-
thing happen to you as long as I am able to stand
up in your defence. I have grown to like you a
great deal, Dora, and we will always be friends,
won’t we?”

“Yes.’.’

“Then you like me a little, too?” _

“I like you very, very much,” she replied.

“How much is that?" he said, drawing her
unresistingly, toward him. “Won-’t you tell me?

' I more than like you, Dora. I have learned to
‘care for you more than any one _in the world.
More even than if you were my sister. Do you
know what that means? Do you know that I
would die before I would allow the\least*harii1
to come to you? Yes, Dora, I love you very dear,-,
ly. Will you ever learn to care for me that way?

He drew her still closer, and felt her tremble
in his grasp. Her head was bent down, and she__
madeno reply. Holding her that way a moment

' or two, he gently lifted her face and looked down

into her eyes in the gloom of the place. He knew
they were beautiful blue ones, with long, silken
lashes, though he could not now make their color

' out. He pressed her golden head on his shoulder,

and then unable to resist the temptation thus _of-
fered to him, kissed her exquisitely formed lips.

Uttering a little cry, she turned her _head and
With a thrill of Joy

softly :

“Look up, Dora. Do you‘ love me as I love,

i I?!’ _ .
ymllﬁor a moment she did not move. Then as his
lips fanned her nut—browi;i cheek, she turned her

’ face u.p and said:

“Yes, Joe, I love you very dearly, with all my
heart.” 0

Their lips met, th'is/time inla sweet, lingering .

. kiss, and both were never so happy in their lives
' before. in spite of their uncertain and peculiar

r,,I

 

 

  

situation. They sat very quiet for a long time,

his arms thrown protectingly around her, and — ~

hers encircling the neck ..o"f.. her boy lover. Their
thoughts were centered"‘»e’:(itirely in each other.
Suddenly Joe_’s  wereifagttracted to the far
end of the 
thing in motion there. He lopke‘d,'d'iis senses all
at once on the alert, and he saw«'a”""small narrow
opening appear in the wall oiﬂrock. A shadowy
ﬁgure entered bearing what seemed to be a box
in his arms. He placed his burden on one of ‘the
smooth stones scattered ‘around the cavern and
retired without closing the aperture. In a ,ew
moments he returned with a second box, which
he placed beside the first. Presently he came back
with a third box, and then a fourth and fifth.

  

Joe observed the object carefully and saw that "

it was a wild looking man, with a hairyface,
long hair, and dressed in rags. Having placed
the ﬁfth box beside the others, the strange being

' advanced :with a cat-like tread toward the spot ‘

where.Joe sat clasping the girl in his arms; In

- a fraction of a minute the boy made up his mind
to attack this man and overcome him if the thing I

were possible. He gradually released his hold’ of
Dora so as to ‘free his arms for action, and was
gathering his energies for a spring when the
girl sat up and uttered a cry: ‘

» “Joe, Joe, there it is-—the
arm at the approaching ﬁgure.

The intruder turned like a ﬂash, darted for,

the end of the cave, and was gone before Joe
could get on his feet. Joe rushed over to see if

he could find the place through which he had Q I \,

vanished, but he couldn't. ., ,
‘‘There’s a secret entrance here,” he said- to
himself. “If I only had some matches I might
make it out.” ,
He had no matches, so he had to give it up.
Then he walked over to the boxes and looked
into them. He was astonished to ﬁnd that they
were full ‘of gold coins. ‘ _ ,
“Come here, Dora, and look at all this money,”
he said, ‘ ‘  .
She went over and gazed in wonder at the ﬁve
boxes full of it. It is’ true that the boxes were
not large ones, but t1.e held $20,000 each easﬂy’
enough. . ~ ,‘—
“That is evidently a portion of the treasure,
of which the box full we saw at the entrance
was 'a sample,” said Joe. “If we only could

make our escape we'd soon bring Jack and some, it
of the men here and get these boxes aboard of.

the schooner.”

“Don’t you know where that man came in?”‘:i‘

asked the girl. 5 -‘

“He came in through a secret entrance which ‘

I can’t make out.
might ﬁnd it.
contrived by some oi-ie—‘-—possibly the pirateswho
are supposed to have used the caverns as a hidden
rendezvous.”  . H 1.

“The appearance of that man makes me Her;
vous,” said Dora. , ' ‘ '

“Don’t be afraid. I’ll protect you,”
reassuringly. ‘ _ ,

“But if" we had been asleep she might, have
takenme away to some other place. He-was

gaming right up to us.”

If we had a light here ‘we

/

I. ’ It str'uck~ himiehe saw some- .

” pointing her i_ .

  

It must have been very cunningly T

  

said J oe,

    
 

‘ .  I . ,.,
We were both asleep » when” hembrougbt .-they I

   

fruiithand water, and he did nsot touch you,” re-
plied the boy. i

ll‘ That fact paciﬁed Dora. After looking at the‘

. money for a while,.andJ*ﬂguring on how much‘.it

amounted to, they sat downi_a"gB‘a_iin, in the old s 01;
and passed away the time in uilding air cast es
 . for the future; They ate more of tire bananas,
\:,  and soon afterward the cavern began to grow

light again as the tide slowly ebbed. An hour,

more elapsed and the bright reﬂections of the sun-

kissediwaves commenced to shine at the far end

ufzrthe ceiling, ‘rapidly advancing till the entire

ceiling was aglowagain as they had ﬁrst seen it.

m’I'l1ey hadn t heard the faintest sound to indi-

cate thatthe rescuers they were looking for were

anywhere near them. They might have been in

T some passage close, at hand, buttheir presence

was hidden by, the stone wall of the cavern. Joe

‘ was growing impatient over the delay.‘ He was

satisﬁed that he had been in the cave over eight
_hours, and Dora nearly as long.

 either of them had any desire to spend the

 _ coming) night there. Joe, felt that ~ something

" 7 i must e done and yet he didn't know what he

, i _could do.-- He wished he could see over the top

’ ~of‘:the.Wall where the narrow crevice admitted

the brilliant light. He was sure that from there

7 he would be able to catch sight of the sea. Yet

' ~th'e crevice appeared to be too narrow for him to

I see over, even if he could haul himself up to it.

.  ' ‘The ceiling ran flush with the top of it, and

— would not permit of his head rising high enough

,toj‘bring his eyes on a level with it. However, he

determined to,try, so he got up, and running

. ;' ov? gr, ‘gave ,a spring up and caught the smooth

 to with his ﬁngers. . « , ' ’

j.: is weight came against the wall with some

force. ‘A small section of ' it gaveeway, like a

2  door turning outward, and hedisappeared from

 D,ora’s sight, still hanging to the ledge of the

section. . »

 

 

 

CHAPTER XIII‘.-——Bi1l Herring. _

 

Dora started up in alarm,‘feeling sure that

« Vsoinething terrible. had happened to him. Then

‘, she heard ‘him -give a shout,‘ and presently he

" reappeared in the crevice, which admitted a nar-
row ﬂood of light. .

 '—f‘Quick, Dora, come!” he called to her.

 
 
   
   
   
 

 

"through a short narrow ‘passage into a smallfcave

opgening on the sea. Dora clasped her hands with

r 0. ."' .

. l.T'¥‘We are saved!” she cried. ,

._f‘Not quite; but. thank goodness we are _no

longer cooped up in that cavern.” v

 —?,1‘he, cave faced upon ‘the sparkling sea, but not

 in thedirection of" the schooner ‘whichvvvas now
=aIi”chored‘close in shore» The water, however,

’ half -ﬁlled the entrance at that moment, and ran -

:the steep ﬂoor ofsand. The top and sides of

the arch, were‘. covered ‘with glistening green,

'seaweed,_,haLnging all around like lace, and pre—
' s‘ente_d a beautiful. effect. The mouth of the place
 protected b3f$"twin barriers of rock that rose
out of sight, and were too smooth for climbing.
Joeysaw that it-wfouldxbe necessary to swim out
joeyond these projections befdrezhe could discover;

the“ ositionmfgg the schooner. ‘

        
 

 

        s 

- back as Joe started to enter it.

. resolutely.

She ran toward ' him and he dragged her

, treasure trove.

 

"It's funn how such a’ lace as this "was i
Not ha f ‘aslsurprising as e
. the way caverns and passages were brought into

formed,” sai Dora.
existence by nature,” he «answered. “This cave
was doubtless scooped out by the ceaseless action
of the sea.”

"What a lot of beautiful shells are lying about. ”

I must have some.”

“Not now. We have got to escape ﬁrst. Then
we can come here in a boat andcarry off that
money, and as many shells as you want.”

“How are we to escape?” asked Dora, realizing
for the ﬁrst time that they had merely changed
an inner prison for an outer and more glorious
one.

“I can swim out and ‘take a look for the
schooner,” said Joe.

“Isn’t there some other way?
came here from some place.” .

“That’s right.
tracks.” .

They lookedabout the cave and soon saw a
dark hole leading off somewhere. Dora hung

“I don’t like to go in there,” she said.

That hairy man

“Then wait here while. I explore the place,” he. «

said. , _
“Something might happen to you,” she said,
laying her hand caressingly on his arm. -

“You wouldn’t like that, would you?” he said, it

smilingly. ,
“You know I wouldn’t, dear,” she replied, put-
ting one arm around his neck.

“Well, something has got to be done,” said J oe,.
“We‘can’t stop here after’ itxgrows .
@1‘k, for the .place will ﬁll up with water at next . _

high tide. Neither do we want to return to the
cavernqznside and be_cooped up again.‘ You wait
here, and let me see 1f  can’t find .a way out for
us. -'

Let’s see, if we can find his '

Reluctantly. she yielded“to his wishes, and,fol— 

lowed his ﬁgure with her eyes till it was lost in
the darkness of the hole. Joe- proceeded through
the hole,‘which was’just.wide enough for him to
pass through on his hands, and knees, for some
distance before it ended in a small cave.

The ‘V

cave was dimly lighted by a crevice that ran out - '

through the rock to a point many feet above the _
,sea. It faced to the west, for a shaft of sunlight 
‘from the descending luminary shot through" the 

crevice and shone on the inner wall of the cave.

Joe looked around the place and saw the hairy
man stretched out ‘V on a rude .1 pallet asleep.
one corner of the cave. stood two-chests.

plug hat led Jack to let him feast his eyes on the
Joe wondered how, much money
was still in the chest. He’didn’t‘c'ar‘e to take the
time or the chances of investigatingnow.‘ He

lookedvfor an exit from the ‘cave otherthan the)»

In
-when 
,Joe’s eyes rested on them he judged that"the,y.
were th—e~receptacle_s that had held all the gold ,,
Jackhad referred to “in his story. This,‘then, ,

must be the inner cave to which the native in the ' v’

:

hole through which he had‘entered—-the way, by "

which Jack had be_en’brought there. ‘He‘ saw an 5'."
With great caution . '

opening behind the sleeper.
he made «his way to it and found a passage ahead.

He hurried forward tosee where it led to. It '

was densely dark, but he did not care for that.
Suddenly he came ‘up against an obstruction’.

 

~.'r'

 

» Feeling’ around l1_e,found'that,it was a ‘huge pile ; 

  

' him,

,-keep you. Keep you prisoners till

 

. JOE DARCY’S TREASURE HUNT

of. (flebris that seemed to have fallen in from the
mo .

It did not take him ion to, conclude that the ,
road was blocked here, an that he had no choice/'
but to return the way he came. He turned around
and retraced his steps. Wheiﬁ he reached the
cave where he had left the hairy man he found
him gone. He thought of Dora being suddenly
confronted by that hideous being, and he started
back through the hole. He had gone but a short
distance before he heard her shrill scream. .He
hurried forward as fast as he could to her rescue,
his heart beating furiously at the thought of
what she was up against, and he upbraided him-
self for having left her. It seemed an age before
he regained the opening into the outer cave, _dur-
ing which time she had screamed several times
again. Then she ceased and he trembled at the
issue. When he thrust his head out of the hole
the cave was empty—both Dora and the hairy

‘man had vanished. Joe knew that the man must

have carried her into the inner cavern, as there

- was seemingly no other place where he could

have gone. He had no difficulty in ﬁnding the ,_
movable slab, as it was distinguished on that side
by a. shallow hole large enough for the hand to
secure a grip on to pull with. Before Joe _coul_d
insert~‘his ﬁnger the slab was pushed open in his
face and the hairy man came out. and confronted

A “Who are you?” demanded the boy, “and why
have you made prisoners of the girl and me?”

“I am the ing of the island, he, he, he!” re-
turned the hairy man, with a grin. “I’m worth
a million in gold. I need somebody to keep me
company and be my subjects when the vessel’ is
gone away. You two will do, so Im going to
the vessel sails
and then let you out, he, he, he!” ‘

‘‘What’s your name?”

“My name? Bill Herring. I own the island-—

‘ I own a million in gold—I own you, too, and the

gal. 1 By and by I’ll own the earth, he, he, he!”
. “So you’re Bill Herring? How long have you

‘ been here?”

“How long?” ' v i .
The man s':enie_d to be trying to think. Then

I ‘he shook his head.

“Don’t know. I've been here always, ‘I guess.

 I’m king of the island, and worth a million in.

gold. I’mlthe greatest man in the world. Now
I've got two subjects, I won’t be lonesoirie any
more.‘ Maybe I’ll marry the girl and make her

‘I queen of the island. Why didn’t I think of that
before?

It is just the thing. Now go in and
keep her company till the vessel sails away.”

He stepped toward Joe with the evident inten-
tion of forcing the boy to do his bidding. The
young sailor decided that this was the best chance
he might have to settle matters with their captor.

,So the moment the deranged Bill Herring came

within reach he raised his fist and smashed him

 in the jaw with such force ‘that the hairy man

fell back on the sand.  E
V If ‘Joe, for the moment, imagined ‘the ‘victory
’won, he was soon undeceived. The crazy inhabi—

' tant of Thimble rock was on his feet in a moment.

With a howl he sprang at the boy, and the two
grappled. . The wild man lifted him oﬂ’ his feet

._q and ﬂunghim on the sand. Then he seized/a «V

x, ~, . », ,’ . ' a
i . V’ ' ‘l ’\’ .

,Dora. and then sinking into the water again, was '
soon lost to her sight around the ledge,

in sight of the cove. where they had landed. Two

 

big stone and raised it above the boy’s headﬁwith
the evident purpose of crushing him. 7 I I

 

CHAPTER XIV.—Conclusion. _
.3

At that thrilling moment in Joe’s career, Dora
suddenly appeared at the aperture in the wall
She saw heryoung lover’s danger, and witiieia
scream she threw herself on the crazy hairy man
and grabbed one of his raised‘ arms. The shﬁslt
caused the stone to drop at'his feet instead cf€‘o_n
the boy’s head. The girl's interposition gave Joe
time to recover himself. His experience having
proved that he was no match for the 1unatic,rh.:e
seized_ the stone and ﬂung it against the man's ' /
head Just as he, with a cry of wrath, seized Dora.
The blow took effect. and he fell, stunned. drag-. ,
ging the girl down with him.” Joe helped her up;

_“You saved mv life. ,Dora.”" he said, throwing
his arms around her and kissing her. 1. 

She sobbed hysterically onhis breast, but ;he
soothed her in a few minutes. . ,.

“There, svthere, I’m all right. Now this chap
must be secured before. he recovers. He’s as
strong as an ox, and would doubtless kill us if he
got the chance. I must get the lariat inside and
tie him.” ' _

Joe darted into the inner cavern, picked up the
lasso where l.e had cast it down on the sand when
ﬁrst left in the cave. and hastened back. He put
the noose over I-Ierring’s head and drew it tight
around his arms and body. He wound the whole‘
length of it around his limbs and tied it, so tliaﬁ
the‘ man was now quite helpless, and they had

‘ nothing more to fear from him. By that time‘ the

sun was low down on the distant horizon. '1 v »
“Dora, I see no way of our escaping from here"
but for me to swim out and try to reach the
schooner. Now that our enemy is no longer abl-.
to do any injury, you won’t mind staying here.
till I come back with a boat and your father. I".
won’t take me more than half an hour at the :ut- ~
side. I’ll drag that chap inside out of your sight. 
and you can sit here and wait for us. There ’i."i'
no danger, for the tide is going out, as you see.
and it won’t rise for some hours.”  .
Dora agreed to do as Joe suggested, and after  *
a fond embrace and several kisses. Joe waded . 
down the slope till the water rose above his waist: ‘jx, ‘ r
then he struck out for the point of the projecting 
ledge on his left. Reaching it he found tem~’W—' '
pory foothold’ there so that he could rise ‘up and
get a View of the surrounding water. He saw iJi'l".’
schooner anchored not far off théisland, with her‘
sails’ furled. He shouted back the intelligence to

  

Joe fol— I
lowed the contour of Thimble rock and soon came ’

 
   
  
   
   

boats were there.now. and one sailor standing on
the shore. The sailor gave a shout when he sat
him and ran to meet him. ‘ . ,=
“Where’s the cairn?” asked Joe. , ,
“In the caves with most of the crew. They,
been digging for hours throug 
and rocks that fell and block’
passages where you-and the skippei-’s daughte
were supposed to be imprisoned. Where di .
corriegfrom, and do you know anything about ,,the~
gir. K ‘ ‘ xi « I 

    

 34_.} 

“I. came from a marine cavern on the other
side of the rock. where I left the young lady safe,
and waitingfor me to go back with ‘a boat to take
her off. . I’ll take one of the boatsand go after
her while you go. down into the"caves and tell the

. , cap’n that his daughtervis all right, and there is

‘ no" need of

digging.”

_ doing any more
i he sailor hastened away, and then- Joe -sprang

‘V . I int the smaller of the"two-boats -and’put off for

the cavern. He soon’came:'-in sight

f it and

saw Dora with her gaze seaward watchingfor

him. As soonvas she saw him she sprang up and

ran down to the receding water's; edge. It didn’t

gke himylong to reach:and take her into the
at. .  ’ 

. “Where is my father?” was her ﬁrst question.
f‘Down in the cavern trying to ﬁnd us. He’ll

“ be out by the time I get around to the cove.”

K: _. ing for Jbe to»reti,fr

‘ Joe vociferously.

 
 

.  ' treasure lies is blocked up,’,’ said Jack.
' “A where we’ve been digging, for most of the day.
' ,-I’ suppose the skipper will be Willin’ to ﬁnish the

  
  

‘.
\

A‘  “It isn’t necessary.
, reachiugthe cave where the two‘che_sts are.”

’ Captain Dent, with a grateful heart, was wait-
n withzehis daughter.’ As soon
as the boy reached the boat, Dora sprang into
her fathers’ arms. J ack and theégcbrew welcomed

“How did you escape, .loe?” asked Junk. - “I

" g didn’t know there was an‘“ex—it in thaf""directi.on.”

' While, Dora was telling her day’s experience

. ‘to her father, Joe explained to Jack and the other
 sailors what he and’ the girl had.-been through.

Jack was astonished to learn of the three caverns
leading to the sea.

.“So that chap who stole you two _wa.s Bill

-* Herring, and you say he’s crazy?” he said.

“Yes, he’s as crazy as can be. He’s in one of

V‘ the caverns tied so ‘tight he can’t get free. till
_ somebodygoes to his aid.” c

~“The way to the cave where the balanceuﬁl the
at s

job to-morrow in order to get at the money.”

."“IS that so?’ said Jack.

.; ‘  f‘Ye_s;= Most, if not all, the gold has been taken ..
‘ 1'rom,them- by Bill Herring. There are five small

  full in, the cavern where ‘Miss Dora and

 Ifputin most of our time to-day,” said Joe.

b, “’ .“Good'!” cried Jack, in a tone of great satis-

‘T "faction. ' '

Captain Dent now ordered all hands into the

 boats, and they were presently on their wayback
to the schooner, which had been left in charge of

the mate and the cook. Next. morning the captain,

1 “Joe, Jack and two other sailors went to the ma-
7 rine cavern, found the tide out, and landed. Bill

Herring was carried above to-the schooner and

,-‘fed, but provediso unmanageable that nothing‘,
{001.'l1.d -be donefwith him. - There was no available

place aboard in which to conﬁne him, so after the

‘treasure had been removed to, the cabin he was_
Ttakeii‘ ashore and turned loose.

The wschooner
eiileft en route for Sydney, where she arrived
” ‘odd time. Here during her stay Captain Dent

 

"a San Francisco bank, the total"'sum‘ footing
p’r~$150',0O0,_  =‘ which -his share amounted. to
3‘0,0,00.l "He ided that he would give up the

—_, sea;.andf.settle,'d wn ashore, as he now hadenough
“money-vio ‘spend the rest of his Iifein comfort with

 

liiszdaughter. Joe and Jack each received a,-draft

I know another way of 4

})fose]d’_ of‘ the Spanish gold for bills di‘ exchange»

0 $0,000. ‘ vThef‘~séhooner-{took a_boaifd.'a cargo .

   

JOE DAaor's A TREASURE HUNT f

for San ‘Francisco and sailed for that port. Long
before she arrived there Dora had told her father "
that Joe was the dearest boy in all the world,
and she had made up her mind to marry him.
Captain D_ent offered» no objection to her choice.
He gave his conﬁnt. On reaching San Francisco, ~

the captain, Joe and Jack made upa handsome _’

purse and presented’. it to the mate and sailors of
the schooner for their help in securing. the t'1"eas- -
ure of Thimble Island. One morning not long
afterward. J08 and Jack, arrayed in swell clothes,
stepped out of the stage which had brought them
to Santa Catalina from the railroad station.

. They themselves were so altered as to pass .
Reaching.

along the streets without recognition.
the water front, they headed for the junk shop
of'*l?hel1rn Darcy.‘ Entering, they found Mr. Dare
cy in his office, while two new assistants were
around to wait on customers. ‘ V

ﬂ f‘Hello, uncle!” cried Joe, walking into the of-

ce. V ‘ . .

Phelim Darcy jumped out of theichfair as itihei. .‘
had been propelled by a spring’, so surprised-was "

he. . ‘
Bridget was also overjoyed to see. Joe alive and

hearty, for she had supposed himpfood for the ~

ﬁshes long since. Jack and Joepate supper with

Mr. Darcy, and thenwent ‘to the Santa Catalina f

Hotel to spend the night. They spent a week in

town, and then took their departure for San,"

Francisco. Theywent into the ship chandlery

business in that city, soon after,‘ and7 in time '

picked up a ﬂourishing trade. At the end’ of a’.

twelvemonth Joe and Dora were married, and-
gack was master of the ceremonies at the wed-
mg. U

Next week’s. issue will contain “A ‘l.IVE''7_

‘ BOY; OR, 'QUICK=.TO GET’ THE DOLLARS.” I i

The world's most amazing book, the
“Silent. F:-ier_ul”—_-1\Iai-riage guide and _
,Medical Adviser, reveals hundreds of
secrets hidden from the public for
qentui-ies. Exposes ancient magic.
curious arts, ‘conjuring, secrets or
, lovers, gamblers. moiiey-makers, un- ’
. seals the Forbidden Qahala ; includes
the Treasure Casket of Mysteries. Ways towcalth, .
Beauty Secrets, Mxinufacturiiig Formulas, Aninial
Training, I)ivinati0n,_ Tnlismuns and Charms. Ten
astounding books in one great volume. ’For
Adults Only, Send No Money. Pay postman $1.79
_ and postage, on delivery. Sent sealed. '

wiNnHoL'r co.  -Woodbine, Pa... Dept. 21¢:

5 1=R1,E NC HPEP

 
  

, I ;;UPS
The peppiest tonic tablet now’ in ‘-
Ainerica. ' ‘

   
         

down yteni. Helpful ‘to, ei,t,h_ei§

sex. The prompt resultsrwillksirr-.
. “prise and please you. LREBULITS
., _ f-- .-or money back, stop ex; 151-: ,
; 7 .', meriting, ‘Be safe and _sure.1 end 1 ‘

order), or
' severe cases due to prolonged illn_ess,7oven.vorl,( or p '
.nel‘\‘0'll8 strain, $3,. "1‘wo boxes double strength ~

$5. Sent se'1lcd..'v _w r‘  ~ »;« ’
" ‘,W.|nelioltf Izaboraterieti ;W_0_odbin P ’ innit‘

   

1 .

s EHC R :3 rs ii‘

 
 

    
  
 

 

only $2 ‘(stamps,«cash or money__ , ,
pay _$2.15 C. 0. D. Special strength for  ‘~.

  

‘ IRUTHFUL JAMES

W. The Boy Who Would Not Drinky

By GASTON GARNE

  J _(A Serial Story.) I
’ ' L CHAPTER. VIII ‘(Continued)
“Thank you, dear. Youare right in doing

;/,. that, and I am glad of it. When I meet them ’

I’ll call them to account and either make them
own up that they are liarsor else deny the story
that they evertold Agnes anything of the kind.”
: . ,‘fJimmy,” she‘ remarked’, “I’m sorry that you
i should have to do that. but I can’t_ blame you.”
1 Now, Agnes Moore was somethin _
.,body, yet a good girl withal, and s e informed
 one of the young men’s- sisters that she fearedshe
had been the cause ‘of making trouble_ between
 Jimmy Watson and h r brother by telling Sally
‘ Holmes about the story he had told, in the pres-

.~' ence of several other girls, about J immy’s drink- .
,3 -.ing whisky the winter before at Judge W1lson’s ’

:’ —corn—husking. ' . ., ,_ I.
' ‘_,‘Oh, my, Agnes, I’m, sorry you. ‘did that. 1

;‘VJ_ asked brother about it myself, and ‘he simply‘:
‘ "laughed andsaid it was a’ Joke, that he never.

_ saw or »hear‘d/of Jimmy Watson takingja drink
‘of whisky in his lifeff I.  , ’
_ A few days later Jimmy met_ the young man
and promptly laid his hand on his collar, saying:
, “Look here, I want to ‘nut a que tion‘ to yogi.
and I want the plain,‘stra1ght truth in reply. Dld
you say to several’ young" ladies thatyou. saw‘ me
._ drink liquor‘"at'Judge W1lson’s.corn-husking?”

“oh, it’s got around to ‘you,’ has it?” and they

 {young man laughed heartily. ‘

“Yes, it has got aroundto me, and now it’s up’

" rtoyou. Did you say it?” ’

9 ~' “Y,es,,Jimmy, I did say'it'and lied when I did:‘

'Wé were all talking ‘and bragglng about your
 sobriety and truthfulness. when several of us fel-
 1,.

  
  
 
  
    
    

having some fun, never thinking, any one would
’j:h'ave the gall to repeat it, to you.” ‘ _~ ‘ ,
7 ‘.‘,Well, my 'friend Sally H, 1’ es’ heard. of .it,
and .that’s howl trot hold‘tli’,»‘it. She wanted ‘to
kn-(law whether I"was '»_I‘1-utlhf~ul.' James‘ or simply
a I tar.” ' ‘ .

 

‘spoke to me‘ about“it,:_that.,I' took. it back and

'7  , They are always making-trouble for some-
.  I7 ‘ . ‘ ' ‘ .‘

v

“It’s the liars that aremaking trouble, and

 

for having startedsuch a _story.”“. " . . -
 =“J1x’nmy,” Sald the other boy. in put;1t down
i_n;Writing' if you wish me to.” —’  ‘ , ‘. f .-
“No,-..that’s not, at all necessary. I,li Slmply

 

FAME ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

of a busy— —

_’o=ws concocted that little story for the sake of.

“Well, you can tell everybody you see that‘ you i

"acknowledge it tobe a 'fal;s‘e‘hood. Confouvnd the _ 7
‘go about making threats.

 i“Y..ou’ve got that wrong there,”;returri’ed J im- V

 a great mindto give you a; good; thumping, A

 

the same question,” and Jimmy and the young

man shook hands and parted friends. _
The next young man that Jimmy met had been

posted by the first one.

“Oh, you owned up that it was a lie, did you?” . _.
' said Jimm ‘. V ‘

“Yes; it was best to tell: the truth. It was a

...: all -know. but /you can’t come shaking V’
yourﬁst in my face an ‘ ake me own up in-
that sort .of a Ways.” v . 

   

How Truthful —James' Came  Make a Speech.‘.'  

The news got out that George-Williams, who
was well known in the eommun..ty as a scrapper,
was going to insist that the. s"ory that: he saw
Jimmy Watsongdrinking corn whisky was true,

and of cour; zstlie news_ﬂew rapidlylfrom mouth ‘

to mouth;“ ,. »- -" X‘

Nobodv believed the story that immv had been  ’
seen drinking whisky, hence they expected‘, a ﬁght 
-when he and George met. ‘ ‘ ‘ » » ‘ 

One of J immy’s friends told him about it, and X .

Jimmy smiled, saying: ,

“Yes, I heard it: but wait until after Geofgdk/.
and I meet, and perhaps you’ll hear a —diﬂ’erent; 

story.”

“Going to lick him, Jimmy?” the friend asked. 

“Well, I don’t know,” said Jimmy. “It may 

../that I will be licked myself; but I’m of the opi‘n— '

ion’ George will say something
before Iget through with him.”

to the contrary :

Of course Jimmylsfriendsrepeated the 
of what he had said. so at the next meeting of the ‘
.justice’s court of the township quite a number of

people were on hand, expecting to~_seeja scrap be’-
tween the two boys. Seyeral;3£é.rmers=' were press,
exit with their wives anda few with theirdaugh-‘ ’
ters. » . y ‘

The ladies :had some shopping to do, and the L

men"i'ndu_lged in horse swapping.

‘ Jimmy and some of his friends "were walking
around, talking. about the propensity of" some if
people to"s,pread lies throughout the community‘,.,
,when he saw George approaching, with nearly a
. dozen friends‘. -» ' ‘ " « ~ -9

Jimmy saw that theywere all apparently,’ 
great gpodhumor. George Williams walked up
to Truthful James and said: ' ’ V  ‘ y ,7

“See here, Watson“ I"understa'nd that ydu

‘.threatened't'o lick me the mutt time we met. ’ If-

that’s so, ‘now is,the time for you to begin.” , . ~-
' f”‘George,” replied Jimmy, “I’m not the manjto
I was told on.go’od
authority «that you said you saw me‘ ‘drinking?
whisky at the corn-shuckinz Judge Wi1sone,gai?e,
and I repliedthat the‘ man who said that W3.
liar. ' Now, if you did sa_v_-it, ‘it’s up to you.’
“Well, I did say it, Jimmy; but it was a lie?

everybody who heard me knew that it jwas.”__.

 

the boys in ‘the ‘crowd. ‘ ‘

“Well, I'll be hanged.!”’ejaculat§ed_ about 11

 

      

      

ay ‘that I did ltelll the . story, « but {that -it was I  J~immy_: himself laughed and remarked; =
a]ge.'”’ -.    ,  _-L     ‘ v 3.;“George,.there’s',no quarrel. between ‘us’
V"Well,_i"that’sibetter. gNpw..;te1l tlie.«othe,1"f6l.- f  *."0}.1g~:‘3’eS.;ﬂ1ere fls; -«.Y

. , , .  .°u §aid.thet’yo
.bwS.W1‘t1eh vy9u;see—athsm_\t11at they . face ,« ;1E°1I¥8_¢T9"°3‘1f’*5lk‘%?l¢z_.'*¥’?5 study that 37§“3‘.’€Qﬂi€1l15$

     

  

1" to him that I lied.”

 
 

26 — FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

K
do it, and I repeat it. You can’t lick me, Truth-
ful James.”

‘f‘George,” said Jimmy, “I insist that there is
no cause for ﬁght between us.”

“Well, I’ll give you cause, then,” said George,
as he struck Jimmy.

That was cause enough, and the two boys went
at each other like a pair of Wildcats.

‘They were about evenly matched, and the ﬁght,
of: course, drew everybody on the ground to the

i V spot.

Judge Wilson, who was presiding at the jus-
tice’s court that day, came up and interfered.

"“What’s it all about?” the judge‘ demanded of
Jimmy. “I ask you, Watson, because I know that
I "can rely upon,what you say.” -

"‘Thank you, sir. George is a liar, and I want
to‘ make a better man of him by giving him a
good thrashing.” _

_’_“Well, well, well!” ejaculated the judge. “You
can’t make a truthful man of a liar, no matter

* ho’w much you thrash" him, and you are certainly

old enough‘ to know that.”
.“‘I do know it, Judge; but as he told a lie on

. me, there is certainly some satisfaction in pun-

isliing him.” — ~

“Well, you are old enough, too,” retorted the .,

judge,’ “to know that a man isn't allowed to take
the lav.’ in his own hands and punish another.
There stands the courthouse over there where all
such diiferences between man and man are to be
sett1ed.~ Now, if, you and George don’t shake
‘hands and agree to keep the peace I shall be
obliged to take you both into court and ﬁne you
' for disorderly conduct.”
f‘The judge has no right to impose a ﬁne out-
side of the courthouse,” retorted George, who was
a pretty bright youth. .
, ‘,‘Ge'orge'is right,” saidthe judge, “so bring
’ them into the ‘courthouse. men, and let the wit-
nesses tell their story.”

There was a rush made for the courtroom,’
which was soon packed to overﬂowing.

The judge took his seat and called on the two
principals for their story.
* Jimmy told his in a straightforward manner,
without using the name of Sally Holmes.

€‘Mr. Watson,” said theﬁudge, “I believe every

‘word that you say. Now, Mr. Williams,.I’ll hear
your story.” ‘- 

, “Well, what's the use of my saying anything,
judge,” answered Williams, “since you state that
you believe all the other fellow has said?”

”~This was rather an impudent question on the
part of Williams but he was an impudent fel-
low, anyway.

, Even the iudge smiled and the audience fair,ly
roared at Ge0rg'e’s reply. _"

‘fWell,” said the judge, “you heard Jimmy's
story. Did he tell the truth?” «
, ‘.fHe did, your honor; I can't deny that I struck

‘ the ﬁrst blow. The fact is, I wanted to ﬁght be-
cause I had been told that he hadthreatened to

I give me a thrashing the first time we met. He
tried to get out of it by saying there was no '

cause fora ﬁght between us, since I had acknowl-

. 1

“Look here. Mr. Williams, haven’t you had a

i, drink or two of whisky since coming here?”

‘_.‘Yes, your honor, and it was good whisky, too.”
,“Wel1, it seems to have had a bad effect upon
at V . \ , . _ ' r

 

you, so I shall have to ﬁne you ﬁve dollars, and
I hold Jimmy Watson blameless because you
struck the ﬁrst blow.”

«Your honor,” said Jimmy, “I hope you really
won’t_ﬁne George, for  hardly consider him re-
sponsible for what he did. He had some ofﬁcious
friends with him who gave him the whisky and
then nagged him on to strike theﬁrst blow."

“W611, Jimmy. I’ll tell you what I’ll‘ do. If
you’ll'get up here and make a ﬁfteen—minute
speech on theevils of drunkenness, with George ‘
Williams as an example. I’ll call off the ﬁne‘ and
let it go at that.”

“I’ll do it, your honor, althou h I never made a
speech in my life. I’m afrai , though, that I
will say something that will make George an en-
emy for life.” . ' ' :
’ “G0 ahead,‘ Jimmy! Go ahead!” said George, .
who really didn’t have ﬁve dollars with him to
pay his ﬁne, and knew that he would have to be
}s1ent to jail unless some friend" paid the ﬁne for

im. ’

As it was trouble between friends and neigh-
bors, the judge was really anxious to settle it in
that way, so he invited Jimmy to stand up on
the judge’s stand before a small table and make
his speech. '

To the audience it was really turning the court ‘
of Justice into a ‘farce; but_the Judge folded his .
arms and moved aside to give room for Jimmy,‘

looking as digniﬁed as though he were about to .

impose a sentence upon a criminal.

George took the stand, folded his arms across» .

his _chest and looked Jimmy straight in the face.

Jimmy had a much larger vein of humor in his ~
mental make-up than did George, who had more.
impudence; but he stood ﬁrm and looked Jimmy
in_the'face while he talked, and Judge Wilson‘
said afterward it _was the _best and most practical
speech on the subject of liquor drinking to which
he had ever listened in his life.

The scene in the courtroom when ‘Jimmy took
his stand alongside of the judge and looked down
at George Williams, with his arms folded acnos
his chest, was simply indescribable. 

Every man among the spectators had a smile on .;
his face; but in a few minutes, as they listened,
the expression on the face of those present‘
changed, for Jimmy was giving them someqplain
truths straight‘ from theshoulder.

He always had been a conscientious believer in
temperance. Of course he had never made,a .-
speech in public before in his life; but when he_
found himself standing there on the judge’s stand
by the side of that oﬁicial he felt the seriousness
of the situation. ‘

Then, too, he saw that he had the advantage’
of George. A ’

The blow that George had given him was ‘still’, i_

stinging him. ,

He little dreamed a fewminutes before that
the situation would be so changed, and now he
had George where he could give him a plain
talking to, while Geor'ge’s mouth was locked, and
he had no right to answer back; so he gave it to
him hard. .

' l (To"b‘e. continued)’ I

 

  



,rERMs TO

_il'f'Aame  Fortune Weekly

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

»NEW YORK, APRIL 6, 1928

 nownro lsnivb MONEY.-—At our risk send .r. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Lettergremittaxices
in any other wav are at your risk. We accept Postage

' , Stamps the some as cash. When sending silver wrap

‘ the ‘envelope.

1

 

5 ’ -sioner, said recently. During the last two weeks ‘
Jnany schoolshave been closed. The disease. 

the Coin in a. se arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
rite yourname and address plainly.

  
  

single Co lies . . . . . . . . .' . . . . . . . . . . .Postaze Free Scents
One Cop. Three Months .. ' - " $1.00-
.0nc Copy Six Months. . . . " 2.00
Duo Copy one Xear . . . . . .. " 4.00

_ Canada. $4.50; i!‘o'r.elgIi., s-5.00
Address letters to__ - ' V
wnsrnunr TUBLISHING co., Inc.

140 Cedar Street, New York City. ’

‘FIRED. Knuunr. Prel. and Treat. . ~
8.. W. AIABR, Vice-Pres. and Sec. '

 INTERESTING ARTICLES

INFLUENZA SPREADS IN TOWN S

 Inﬂuenza is more widespread in Iowa. than it ‘

» has been at any time. since the fall and winter of
1918, Dr.‘ Henry Albert, State Health Commis-

5 mild.-

‘BRITISH TREASURY. GET Boosr L .
The British Treasury will beneﬁtlto the extent

 'o'f”£2,000,000 from duties payable on the estate

  
    
 

I 'man;‘nerve current April 15;

 Q ,._  RAIL
‘  Construction in‘ Qklahoma‘,of ﬁfty—nine miles»ofx_ 
‘ ‘ E 0 0 Ké*yes,'a‘point;l;i£.

‘ofthe late Frederick N. H. Wills, member of the
 tobacco" ﬁrm, the estate being declared at £5,053,-
‘ 360; Fortunes -leftrby other members of the Wills

family aggregate more tha’n £20,000,000.

, IOVVVAV SCIENTISTS WILL BROADCAST f.
SOUND OF HUMAN NERVE CURRENT
.f.., Messages which travel over the network of

/Iiei~ves in the human. body creates sound waves
‘that can be measured and magniﬁed enough to
S be heard, according to two University of Iowa»

/

‘scientists, who will broadcastthe sound of a hu-

 

RECORD COAL MINING IN 1927
World production of- coal in 1927, according to

.\the Bureau of Mines-,0"-'wa‘sr 1,475,000,000.'tons', of
.. which 1,278,000,000 tons was bituminous; and an- .

Hthracite and 197,000,000 lignite. .This  a new
xhi h record. . ' I 0 ‘

uring the week‘ ended _ _ ‘
nous output was ’1!2i.'_122;000.tons, an increase-of

,., 336,000 tons over the ~.p‘rcceding~week, and an;- -

thracite'1,486,000,/ an increase oi }.92,000;tons.',

 

LINE IN lo.KLAH019IiA‘» . it

.. ‘ .  d from Hookerto ‘_ ,
_'¥1f:{.§:iav?F§Lexicq, line, .was~.§autljier1zed. lately iby
;tue«>J .I;xters;tate . (immerse ~ * 9
~.’B, ‘aver, Me”ade* and 3En

   

     

sUI3.scR1BERsj'

the farmer. '

' . The cigarette; lighter, so popular.‘wit_h§;_the!.:slJ

' America.
-of old desks. an

' and the prices of lighters ‘increased.

March :10 the bitumi— .

_ p, “ Iians “~"I:he=
Gorrorafienl. whnﬂr

   
 
 
 

35:.
-1' .

270’

, .
now operates a short line of Oklahoma railroad, ,
will undertake the work and provide $1,196,762
to meet the costs. .» , ‘ .
The company originally sought authorization .
to build through from Hooker to Des Moines in ,,
New Mexico, a distance of 157 miles. The line;is

expected to serve .a fertile farming and grazing“
area whic has prospects of developing gas or oi g
resources. ,

FRANCE SETS UP, WAGE CGELECTIONS ’
TO PROVIDE ‘COMPULSORY INSURANCE. '
France undertakes the world's largest insur-
ance by the Chamber’s adoption to-night of social
insurance affecting half the Fren‘ch;population.-
The measure: “which the Senate already has ‘
adopted, and which has been in Parliament seven ,
years, makes obligatory the collection of 10 per.
cent of wages and salaries, half from the workers
and half from the employers, totalling $200,000,: ,
000» annually. ’  . L  _1_, V’
From this deatlfand disability beneﬁts, old‘ age. f”
pensions and —general medical services will 
paid. -The law will be made eﬁective gradually _
and willoperate fully when the reserve r_ea,élj'esv_
$4,000,000,000. '  _ g  ,’, 
-The plan, it isadmitted, must be r_evised_ 
time to time ‘to meet objections, particularly 

').l.‘

REVIVAL ororocxsr LlGHTERS..W(i}MIVE$ 1
’ RISE TO FINE MODELS 

 
 
  
 
 
   
  
    
  
 
  
  

diers during the‘ World War, has recentl‘ -hadf’
revival.‘ ‘The difficulty in procuring mate es 8. d
keeping’ them dry in-' the trenches made the 3.2%)
matic lighter a part of the soldier’s equipm ' “t",' _
but it fell into disuse when "the war ended and; T
matches We1'e,0n.Ce again serviceable. 7 ’  ” H
' The’ recent revival has been traced to France,',.
where many fads originate; from there it spread’ _' -
to England and ﬁnally across the Atlantic fto '
Disc rded lighters were dragged out
manufacturers brought out néw
models. The fad grew. Competition became keen
Some ‘at
ﬁrst were modestly priced at $10, but soon the”?-
goldsmiths and enamel workers brought out more.

 

V expensive models—-works of art they called them.-'f.* .—

While theautomatic lighter has found a_moi'-or
or less permanent home. inthis country it hasgre _
ceived harsh treatment elsewhere“, Ecuador gays
the match monopolv within its territory to‘7a‘
Swedish match company, and in the agreement
a clause was included prohibiting the sale'*of an-‘35
tomatic lighters; The order is so stringent that. .
matches on ships visiting the harbors are put _un-._ ‘ .
der Government seal. _ _ ' " * ‘

The mechanical units of the armies during the _,
war fashioned lighters from empty cartridge’
cases, small grenades, coins and buttons,  ~
taken from the enemy being mostdésirable, '9. ‘
well as from parts of wrecked airplanes; ’ '
one—arm lighter was originated by a"British .-
cei'*~who lost an,arm‘ in the war.’ A company‘
tobacconists» saw the possibilitiesin it;a‘n’_d _
i’ected‘it;,-  ‘ e -" T — ‘  "f
‘Automatic lighters for the‘ fernininepzsirnoke
have ‘become»‘elahprate., They .‘areg-renahielfai

*many colors‘, some‘”:fon ‘everyday use and cit-~ "s

tosmatch eveningigowns; ‘Platinum’ and gold ’ are

iipersed,ed silver forthe frames.

 
  
  

 n

‘H, The Mystery of Harlem Cave

The coast of New England is one chain of
rugged, broken rocks. Many of them tower up
intominiature mountains, on which the stunted
Dine, where suﬁicient earth has accumulated, man-
ages to take root and eke out an existence.

Dark caverns perforate the huge rocks and
bluffs, in which the sea, with its endless roar,
rushes in and out with each ebbing and ﬂowing of
the tide. ,_

Many years ago there was a, little seacoast

’ town, situated cozily among the rocks and bluffs,
just back from a small harbor, accessible in calm
weather, but impossible to reach, during a storm.
The little Lamlet bore the name of. its founder,

’ Harlem, and boasted at one time of five or six
hundred inhabitants. Many of its citizens were

- en husiastic as to the hamletin the near future

, grwing to a city.  ‘-

l he principal occupation "of the villagers was

.2 ﬁs ing. The coast was too rough, and broken to
‘ th‘ of‘-‘cultivation, even had it possessed soil.

  
   
 

ed, rugged rocks, against which the sea con-
intlylashed itself into foam.
. "®ii“e evening the little hamlet was thrown into
* a ‘,vessel. A vessel seldom visited this lonely spot;
afittle‘ ﬂutter of excitement by the approach of
I 110% more» than twice a year, to bring provisions,
"an take cargo of dried and smoked herring.
 p“"The ﬁsheries were quite extensive, and fur-
‘; ‘ - nilsrhed employment for all the villagers.
7 , When the good ship Dolphin entered the nar-
4 » ~ row, crooked channel that led to the small bay,
"’ E "and there dropped anchor, the entire village was
congregated on the beach to welcome captain and
crew. ~ »
g , ghe skipper, a ﬁne, whole-souled fellow past
 . ' «mi dle a e, descended to his gig and was rowed
’as_hbre. any of the citizens crowded about him
' ; to grasp his hand, and welcome him to the hamlet
, ‘again. ' p ’
" f.‘I am glad that you have come, captain,” said
Joseph Carnue on that evening, as he sat bcliind
the counter of his store, and the captain in front.
“ 'ot‘* only because I'wanted a fresh stock of
gbds, but Lecause We have a mystery here, which
. we’ need _your clear head to help solve.” ‘
“'A mystery—What sort of a mystery?” asked
, .=th‘é captain. '
 Ga./‘A very dangerous one,” replied‘ the merchant
 ~“Qf1lr citizens are disappearing one by one, and
:» thjeregis a prospect soon of the village being de-
'7 p0 ulated.’." The merchant turned deathly pale
1; as‘ he spoke.

  
   
  
   
 
     
   

 

 

u I ,

‘ comes of-them?” asked the captain.

~p_‘»‘Tliat‘we do not know. ’Tis that we want’ you
td-“'ﬁnd out’ for us.” i \‘
Y.‘?Can you not guess? Have you no surmise?”
‘;‘Yes‘, we all. have O11I"tQ'e0I'lBS,, but'none are
afisfactory; The most seemingly improbable is

fmost generally accepted.” . , '

‘What is it?” i

  
    
   
  

  

5

£9

 

Irgﬁlmost”places it presented noughtbut sharp‘-.
p ‘t

,.I‘3‘Disa‘ppear—how do they disappear? What, be-,

' ."',’I‘ha‘-_: {there is some devil,‘.or monster .ani&inal,,-
habiting Harlem Hcave whichdevours them one;

 cottage on the hill.

   

/‘H

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY‘

by one. ,Such a strong hold has this story got
upon the people, that they will scarcely go near
the cave.” .

“How long has this been going on?” asked
Captain Jones of Mr. Carnue.

“For nearly a_ year.” A ‘

“I heard nothing of it on my other voyage.

“Because our people were not so horriﬁed then
as now. It had just begun. First Tom Saunders
disappeared and was never seen again. Then
Joel Lamasters left his family one morning never
to return. Silas Flynn was a third, and so on
until at least a dozen have mysteriously disap-.
peared.” ~

While speaking a customer came in the store.
He was nearly a middle-aged man, with a gray
eye that at tlmes Was quiet, and at others blazed
with the fury of a demon. He was always quiet
and unassuming. -

Joseph Carnue kept u. genefal stock of all kinds
of goods. His store was as much an apothecary
shop as a grocery, and as much a dry goods as a
hardware __ store. He kept a small .stock’calcu- '
lated_to supply the demands of his various cus-
tomers. ,

The strange, quiet man purchased a few chemi--5'»
cals and left ‘Jithout anéther word. 7

“Do you know‘ him?” asked Captain Jones.

—“He IS a mysterious man who lives in a small
His name is Hargus. What
he does no one knows. He seldom comes to the'
village, and when he does, nearly always put-
chases chemicals and retires without a word.” "

While theicaptain. was still conversing with the‘

merchant, a man entered,’his face pale and" 3.1- .v H

most too much agitated to speak.

“What is the’ matter now, Bundy?” asked theft H

merchant. ,

“My son Walter has disappeared; he was ‘last i
seen near Harlem Cave, and has doubtless gone
as all others have,” was the reply. ‘
h“Have you instituted a search?” asked the mer-
c ant. ’ ‘ \-

“The men are getting ready once more,v“but we
have no hope.” .

t _“Do you search the great cave?” asked the cap-
aln. . 2

‘fOnly a part of the way. It is so infested with
poisogigus gases that no man dare more than en-
er 1 . ' ~

“There is some strange mystery there,” said
Captain Jones, which must be ferreted out.”

He accordingly sent to his vessel. for his ﬁrst
mate, Harlan Swetnam, and six men, ,deter-,
mined, if possible, to discover what strange
plague had seized the island. \ 3 /v _—

.Mr. Bundy was almost frantic, and in spite of

the expostulations .of friends, rushed down to the '. H

cavern, into its dark mouth,-never again to,re-
turn. “ ., ,
Captain J ones was not only a thorough seaman-,
but a scientist as well.

they lay becalmed he put together various acids
and compounds to test ‘experiments. ’ '

‘ “I am determined to go to.1;ha1; cavern," he

ﬁnally declared to Mr. Carnue, the merchant. -“I
will assure you gthat there exists no
gases there that’ cannot be driven on ,. To be
otherwise would.he’ contrary to the laws of.natu,re

and I will discover what originated thegases‘»a‘nd' = “
I’, assure you they can be burnt up'.‘,"", _  c _  s ,

 '.-43.6» 1»

H h d ,d h ‘t . c’
then in its infancy, his hizbbay, glddeoftgrlin 

Oisonous I V: 1‘ V‘

 

  

 ‘further progress altogether.

_they beheld -a strong wooden door.

rude, furniture.

AND FORTUNE WEEKLY .

The citizens did all they could to dissuade Cap-
tain Jones from so fatal an undertaking, but he
was determined. ,

“Heave ahead, capen,” said Swetnam, the mate,
“and may I be blowed if you don’t ﬁnd us with
sails trimmed close in your wake.”

Sailors are naturally superstitious, but they
never refuse to follow where their captain leads.
Several citizens accompanied Captain Jones and
his men to the cavern. Here the sailors provided
themselves with torches, a sledge-hammer or
two, each a pair of pistols, and the captain with
some sulphur, sugar saltpeter, and various other

_ chemicals to be .;sed if needed.

The broad entrance narrowed down until they
came to an aperture so narrow that but one man
could barely squeeze through at a time. At last
they came to where a broad, ﬂat stone barred
Placing his face
here, the captain caught a strong odor, not of

poisonous gases, but chloroform.

“This is not natural,” he said, as he inhaled the
sickening odor. “There is some one who gets up
‘this artiﬁcial gasftohfrighten persons from visit-
ing the interior 0 t e cavern.

He spoke _a ‘few words of encouragement to his
men, anﬁl then, wiiitht thf aid of Mr. Swegnam, the
mate, t e arge a s one was remove .

“Come on,” shouted the captain, and they dash-

"led into a large underground chamber so strongly

ﬁlled with the /narcotic odor that they were forced
to hold their breath. By the light of their torches
Feeling sure
that he was near to a solution of the mystery
that had threatened the depopulation of the vil-
lage, the ca'ptain seized the sledge from the hands
of a sailor, and with two or three blows from his
strong arms knocked the wooden door from its
himes.
~'A strong current of air swept from within,
almost extinguishing their torches, ‘but not quite.
The men, who were nearly suffocated from the
close room and disagreeable odor, felt refreshed
by the sudden breeze, as they termed it. '
Holdinghis torch above his head, Captain Jones
entered the inner chamber, followed by the mate
Swetnam, and the other sailors close at his heels.
A crash and wild, piercing cry came from a
dark corner.

by large beams of wood, and above their leads
was a network of cordagc and ropes.

A frightful ﬁgure started up from the dark-«

corner, where a table had been overset, and, with
‘wild screams, started toward them. He was an
old man, sixty years of age, with hair and beard
of a frightful length, his arms bare to the shoul-
ders, and his eyes gleaming with rage.

f “Away, away; curses on you!” he cried. “Have
you tracked me-here at last? Do you think to be
my death?” ,

, He sprang forward at the ca tain’s.throat, but
was seized by‘ the mate and sai ors, who held him
fast.

' Near the upturned. table wasadecanter, a ﬂask

. and a, large amount of English gold coin‘..,

' There were various chemical preparations, and
a‘ large cauldron in the apartment, with some
V kw . r‘

 

This inner chamber seemed to have’
been dug out of the earth, as it was propped up ,

 

'29

Having made the prisoner fast, the captain con-
tinued hisvsearch, and, entering another apart-
ment, found a” cowering wretch with his face
bowed in his hands. . .

To his horror he discovered, hanging on the
wall, six or seven grinning skeletons.

The second man, when seized, proved to be
none other than Elijah Hargus, the mysterious
chemist of the village. ,

_He was dragged forth with the other strange
being, who had evidently not seen the light of day
for years. ,. E

No sonner was the old man dragged, into the
presence of thevillagers than he was seized with
a fit, from which he died in a few minutes.

The ‘cavern was explored, and the\grinni3ng
skeletons in the/‘ interior chamber were, without
doubt, the bones of the missing friends. ’

The dead bodies of Mr. Bundy and son were V

also discovered, each having died of strangula-
tion, rather than suffocation from. piosonéus
gases, as was atﬁrst supposed. 

jail. , _,
Over one hundred thousand pounds in gold was

discovered in the chamber where the old manvvwas
captured. ' 4 ’ "

On Hargus depended an explanation Tiofjthe ‘ *

mystery. ‘ I
It was several weeks before he confessed, 
when his story was told, it was as follows}; ‘W
His name was not Hargus, but Sampson. “ he
old man captured. and who died in a fit,‘ was is
father. They had both been v-sailors,’ his fat er
being second mate, and he but a boy many ye ’rs

Hargus was conﬁned that night in the village 

\before, on a ship from Liverpool to_New York. ‘

On the way, his father and a sailor named Bill
Hulse conspired to kill the captain and crew, and

seize the immense amount of gold supposed to’_ be ,

on board. . ,

Thewdid so, murdering all in their sleep one
night‘, and running the ship near Harlem C Ive,
they took everything they desired from it
scuttled it.

Conveying the treasure to the cavern, they {ad
ﬁxed up the inner apartments as they wire

found, conveying their treasure to them. Neitl‘ier" . '. 

of the three dared to go into the civilized world
but lived a miserable, life of- seclusion. . 5

Ina quarrel Sam'oson’s father killed Hulse, and»: J 

they preserved the skeleton. Elijah, the young.

man, had, before going to sea‘ with his fath’er,‘,4 ‘J /I

studied medicine, and it was his strange whim
that led them to preserve the skeletons of their
victims. » jt’ c
When the village sprang up about them, they
hoped by silently killing all who came about the
cave to break up the settlement and
their secret.
earth, acted as a spy for his wicked father. Their
lives had been as miserable as the '
are, but they were caught at last.

Elijah Sampson was convicted‘ of murder   '‘
hanged. Though Harlem was but a small hainl-.«. ‘-
let" and its inhabitants not wealthy, they made 7 ‘-

up a nice‘ present to Captainﬂones, who,’ by,1;i,s“

bravgry,.had discovered the most. remarkable 
dangerous mystery ever known on the New Eﬁ"g.: , 

land coast.  , V I _

.3.

2’

     

Pd ’

.9,‘ 
5

v.

The son, building a C3bIl)I1leSl.$]]§(¥f1 ‘C 

guilty usually ,  V

 

 

 7 FAME ANDARORTUNE ‘WEEKLY’ ii A ’ 
coon READING ,   

 

CANADIAN NATIONAL DENIES ANY
ATTACK ON UNION
Charges by Oliver_K. Eaton, Union attorney,
“that the Canadian Government is a party to the
attack upon the United Mine Workers in the
'United States,” were denied to-day by the Ca-
nadian National Railways headquarters.
' . The railway. said it acquired the Rail and River
.'Cdal Company withvthe ‘former Grand Trunk
, i Railway and had closed the mine “for the simple
" reason that it was cheaper for the owning rail-
way to buy coal elsewhere.” '

GOT VHEEBIE JEEBIES? ‘BECOME
 A AHYPNOTIZED ‘ .
. .‘vCMost ﬁe:-sons suffering’ from alcoholism are
“ ; easy to y-pnotize and freqiientlycan be cured
*  _ ofilthe liquor habit by suggestion or hypnotism,
‘ . Prof. William Brown, British. psychologist, said
reiientl A in the second of the Terry lectures at
Yale niversity. ’

 

 

"V “A person who gets physical concussionll is al-
most invariably easy to hy'pnotize',", he declared. ’

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
      

"7' 9, T‘‘D'rugs‘,* such as alcohol,-may‘ produce a similar

 ;absolu’oely incorrigible, but to his surprise he ﬁnds
‘ that he obeys suggestions under hypnotism.

gﬂoctor Brown said hypnotism, once used prior
, to-tsurgical operations‘ in place of anaesthetics,
still had its use in setting free from fear the

~ . Use of hypnotism, he added, cured hundreds of
.— ,:sh,o_ll-shocked soldiers during the war.

 

, , ‘BIG i-ZEPPELIN .RUSHED
.» , Construction of the new mammoth Zeppelin
 LZ-127‘ has progressed so rapidly that . Hugo
Eckener said to-day trial ﬂights would bemade
’ late in May or at the beginning of June. The ‘air
liner is designed for trarisoceanic travel.
builders hope to put;_it—' inyservice next yfallpbe-
tween Seville, Spain; and"Bubnos A_yres.
» ‘ The ship's lengtliis 775 feet. Five motors of
.“i53tl'liorses power‘ each will be installed in it. They
' re already blocked up on their trial stands.
(passengers, ’and',pi*omoters\of the enterprise‘ assert
 theytaéill‘ make the transoceanic ﬂight with
-5.“ obmfort not, previously rea“checl in aviation. '

     
  
    
 
  
   
 
 
 

 

7 vi ._ * _-’r———‘ ’ i
*  PLANE’S FALL TESTS RADIO V
.: A forced night landing on Cliesapeake Bay
. ‘ proved the worth of anew radio outﬁtfor sea-
i pla es in an emergency. _ ; ,
When, a,broken connecting rod stopped all three
. motors of the plane ..in which Lieut. Bernard Grow
rand four others were returning from Philadelphia

‘ toflélampton Roads the craft came down two miles
isogth of Kent Island, recently.. - ’

--~"'~m‘9;i,or ,on_a wing of the plane, ran a belt to the
‘radio generator, us a kiteto raise antennae,‘ and
7g'q$‘in“touch with ampton Roads, sending word
‘  p1ane‘here.} .-‘_ _v  ,, I

 ’ "i.

eiféct.‘ An alcoholic person may appear to be

mind of a patient about to undergo an operation.‘
, est. is $928,995.50.

Its,

‘ The s] ‘pwilxl have accommodations for ‘twenty’

'.  Vhe officers set up a thirty-pound air-cooled

. of ighejr position, Subsequently a ferry boattowed .

 
  

HAS USE FOR IDLE SHIPS’,

A proposal that idle Gcvernment warships be
turned over to high schools and colleges for avoca-
tional training in seamanship was made recently
by"Representative Wood (R., Ind.) to the House
Merchant Marine Committee. He said he would
incorporate the plan as an amendment to his ship-
ping bill now under consideration before the com-
mittee, as he could not.“conceive of abetter form
of salvage of these old hul1s." »

The Shipping Board, under his proposal, would
be authorized ' to transfer the vessels to ‘any

State, county, municipality or well recognized edu, —

cational institution.”

 

TAX LIENS AGAINST‘ 3 MORE THAN
2 MILLION

Notices of tax liens against the real estate of

Manuel F. Avila, Max.Fox and Myer Levine, all A

of New Bedford, levied by Colle'ctor_Thomas W.

White of the Internal Revenue Oflice, were ﬁlled '
hat the New Bedford Registry of Deeds lately. The ‘‘

liens state theyiare for additional taxes covering
the period from Jan. 1, 1922, to Dec. 31, 1924.
MT _e largest of the liens levied is that against

a
alties and interest, amounting to $938,607.56.‘

The second ‘largest is that levied against the prop- ’
erty of Mr. Levine, and in this instance the total ,

for the three years, including penalties and inter-
The lien against Mr. Avila
is for a. total of ,$‘8474,962.72. ‘

4 SAIL ON TRANS-‘ATLANTIC VOYAGE  A

20-FOOT BOAT CALLED UNSINKABLE

Sixty-eight-year-old Jacob Schuttevaer started
for New .Y.ork recently on the 20-foot lifeboat

which he invented,‘ and which he declares to be -

unsinlcable. ; It is to prove this deﬁnitely that,
Schuttevaer and his three _comrades—Capt. Smith,’
Helmsmaii Gelissen and‘
Kruithof—-set out. from "Rotterdam the last of
February boundfor the shores of America. , .

Schuttevaer is absolutely conﬁdent that the ,

voyage will have a. successful ending. The others’
were equally conﬁdent. A '

She came from London, cheered by hundreds on ‘ «
Westminster Bridge and the Embankment of ,her— _
departure, and under herown sail, and ﬂying the _v

American, ‘Dutch and Bi‘-itisli’ ﬂa-gs,,she started,

to-night for Plymouth, which she expects to make,

in five or six days. From there ,the lifeboat will

probably sail past Ferrol and Lisbon, thence 

the Azores and across. the Atlantic.

“Were I abetting man,” -said» ~ he boat's ins,
ventor, ‘(I would bet a thousanclto one that we 7
will reach New York within seventy days. - “With V.

luck, we may make it in forty" or ﬁfty days.’.

’‘I ho e the voyage will demonstrate hoW.it may’. .
be possible in the future for shipwrecked 'persor'i‘s,,.

even in the roughest weather, to reach harbor

without terrible sufferings due to ,e:gpos}ire; ‘as¥so.:'~"
 often happens by tlie.use.of open Elifeboats.” . ” ’

1

 

Fox, the total for the threeyears, with pen- '

First Officer Robert -

  
 

  

. than French.

‘chased 650 pleasure” cars and forty trucks.‘
dissembles every car completely. All electrical »

   

FAME ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

, CURRENT News

15,000 REFUGEES SUFFERING
Heavy snows on the Lebanon Mountainshave
shut off towns and villages and great avalanches
have blocked the road to Damascus. Rain here

V has created acute suffering among 15,000 refuge

camp innhtes who are ﬁghting a smallpox epi-
demic. A shipload of food and medicine is being
rushed to.Beirut. ‘ —

 

.VISIONS BIGGEST DIRIGIBLE

A The next airship to be built by the navy prob-
ably will contain its, own garage for carrying four
service airplanes and‘ will be twice the size of the
Los Angeles, Commander Charles E. Rosendahl
of the Lakehurstpstation told the Atlantic City
Kiwanis Club recently.

“The dirigiblewhich Congress is being urged

to build,” said the Commander, ‘‘will have all
motors inclosed in the hull.” V ,

FRENCH GROOM NEW BIG AIRPLANE
FOR FLIGHT TO NEW YORK IN MAY

No French airplane will try to ﬂy the Atlantic
before May,‘ it is officially announced here.

Then one of the first attempts will probably
be made‘ by a young military airman, Couzinet,
who has built a monoplaiie of his own design
which was shown in» public for the ﬁrst time
to-day at Meudon. -

. In appearance it is more like American planes
The Rainbow, as. it is called, is
built entirely of wood. Three Hispano-Suiza en-
~ gines, each of 180 horse power, arevﬁtted in the
wings. Fuel tanks with a capacity of 1,664 gal-
lons are also in the wing. It is said the Rainbow
could ﬂoat safely if forced to land on water.
It has a wing spread of eighty—ﬁve feet, weighs
nine tons, with a_crew of four men and full load,
and carries a wireless set with a transmission
-range of over 400 miles. The planepis expected
to reach a speed of 112 miles an hour.

ASCIENTIFIC WREGKERS ENDING MOTOR
WASTE ’ .

An experiment in Kansas City, Mo., which may
mean the eventual saving of $10,000,000 to’ $15,-
000,000 a year to the American automotive indus-_

.. try is reported by E. L. Cord, President of Au-

burn Automobile Company.
To cut down economic waste, the dealers en-

I couraged the formation of the United Auto

‘Wrecking Company, which up to Dec. 1 had puiu
t

parts‘, glasses and accessories are tested, cleaned,
priced and assortedaccording to importance and
size. w «

g'_The good parts are binned for future sale

gand the worthless parts are junked., Fenders, I

bodies, steel wheels,» axles andframes arescut

* /i_nto"stri’ps and inlthis form are sold at an average '

«price ‘of $8 per ton, thus, netting a proﬁt V .

 

‘15ytl1‘ein.,- , .

 
    
 

APPOINT DEMOCRAT, HOPES GOD ,.

FORGIVES - ,-
Gov. Green expects to receive his forgiveness
in heaven for having appointed a Democrat as
notary public. -‘Writing to Attorney I/Iichael ,1.

Doyle of this city, the Governor says: , -
“My dear friend: Of course this proceeding is
«rather unusual, because as the titular head of the
- Republican Party in Michigan I am supposed to
rid, so far as possible, this Commonwealth of
Democrats. Of course, if 'you appoint them to

high office you are simply encouraging them to .

live. breed and so perpetuate their kind.
“However, with full knowledge of my perﬂdy

to the Grand Old Party, I am going to give yap. 7

an appointment as notary public. While my

friends on earth will not approve of this act, sti,ll~ ,
I am so sure of my motives that I feel there wil 1 —

comeapproval from above. _._
‘isincerely ya?!-s,‘
RED

LABOR IN AUSTRALIA DEMAND CIiA1¥iGEis

State legislatures of Australia, as at present‘. 
should be abolished and the Federal.‘

~ constitute%

Parliame should receive power to deal with an

«industrial matters, according to the Executive
Sommittee of the Australian Council of Trad
nions. .i

r
Another resolution protested the failure of the ,
. re-- A '

authorities to consult with the Labor Par
garding the composition of the Government om-
mission appointed to study the constitutional
question. It was stated that the problem of the
Constitution “could have been best solved by a

convention selected and elected by the- different 1

sections of the community, such as the primany
and manufacturing industries. , ;
In conclusion, this resolution declared that the

National Parliament “should receive unlimited‘ ‘

legislative powers, subject only to the inalienable.

rights of the people on /questions such as com ‘Ht
sci-iption for all" military service, adult suifraget ~

and the initiative, referendum and recall.” 

Party was asked to give this resolu‘tion,wide‘pub-  it

licity in the mother country.

Regarding child endowment,
that such payments should not be made depend-,
ent‘upon the existing wage and that the Com‘-
monwealth Ministry should provide ﬁnancial aid
for the preparation and presentation to the Con’,-“

stitutional Commission of such/data as the trade . 
It was also stated": 
that no commission on child endowment would  q’ .
acceptable to labor unless.direct representation . 
on it were given to trade unions and workin  

unions consider pertinent.

wom en.

  
  
    
 

Touching upon unemployment, it’ was decidedjti A

ask the «local labor’ central drganizations toloris
ganize the-‘unemployed workers for the pu1‘p9°sf9
of impressing the variou; ‘State and municipal

 

31

W. GREEN.”  ,

 

it wasdemanded ,'

Gevermnents with the ,.—/suiferingsbeing endured ‘

 1

-— Latest

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 From
"  »aDime.. _'
' G 1127 The Bov Railroad Magnate; or, The Con-
" tract That Brought a Million..

1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss“'Broker; or, Hus-
tling for Gold in Wall Street. _

1129 Caught By Cannibals; or The Treasure of‘
V the Land of Fire. .
~ 1130 The Little Operator; or, Cornering the
',. I , “Bears” of Wall Street.
1131 Air Line Ed; or Buildingya Telegraph Line.‘
1182 A Boy of the Curb; or, The Secret.of a
‘. Treasury Note. '
«_1133 From Foundry Boy to Steel Kinmzor, The
, L._‘_; Rise of a Young Bridge Builder. I
= 1134 The Missing Box of Bullion: or, The Boy
_ ' Who Solved a Wall Street -Mystery.
Claim No. 7: or, A Fortune from a Gold
- Mine. -
  ‘Ii‘36' Out for Big Money; or, Touching Up the
 T ’ A Wall Street Traders. *
V 1.137 The Boy Ice King; or, Coining Mdney From
 the River. ' V
' 1138 Four of a Kind; or, The Combination that
V   Made Wall Street Hum. '
' 1)» 1139~Bob -Brandon. Contractor; or The Treasure
.-f' ~ , ‘ That Led To Fame. '
A Bov From the South; or, Cleaning Out a

‘P35

_ * Wall Street Crowd.

V1141 Hal, the Hustler; or, The Feat That Made
/ Mim Famous. ‘ '

1142 A Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner that

V Couldn’t Be Worked. T

.1143 Dollars From ,Dust; or, The Boys Who

‘ .  'Worked 'a1Silver Mine. ‘

vi 1‘1’i’44e Bile; Black, the Broker’s Son; /or, The

_ _ ~‘  orst Boy in Wall Street. 

‘H1145’ Adrift In, the Sea; or, The Treasure of

c‘  0 Lone R

1146 The Young Wall Street’ Jonah; or, The Boy‘

.. ., V Who Puzzled the Brokers.

1147 Wireless Will; or, The Success of a Young

‘j”’=. I _Telegr_aph Operator.

.‘ .1148 Wall Street Jones; or Trimming‘ th'e 'I‘,rick}{

_ t - g  Traders. ’ '
S’ " 1149 Fred the Faker: or, The Success of a Young

‘~,_ v  Street Merchant. - V

‘ X1140

  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
   

r

Fgliiléale  all ‘newsdealers, or will be sent ‘to any
ﬁgy ‘or postage stamps.

T‘. jfwssraunir

l

I

4 < "’m’lw. - SP
 o"cedarf7fSue§t..~‘. ff ~

.',v

     

.-‘ J"‘.

 

UBLLSHING     , y ., i

it Fame 1 and Fortune” Weekly 

Issues —

1150 The ‘Lad From ’Frisco; or, Pushing the
Big Bonanza.”
The Lure of Gold
_ Coﬂin Rock. '
Money Maker Mack; /Sr, I:he
Smashed a Wall Street “Ri':g." V
Missing; For a Year; or, Making a, Fortune
in Diamonds. ,
Phil, the Plunger, or; ‘A Nervy Boy’s Game
of Chance.
Samson, the Boy Blacksmith; or, From the
Anvil to Fortune. ,
Bob’s Big Risk; or, The Chance That Came
But Once. ' _ '
Stranded in the Gold Fields; or, The
. ure of Van Dieman’s Land. ,

1151 ; or, The Treasure of

1152
1153
1154
1155

1156

1157 Treas-
‘I158
Daring Game. » .
1159
Fortune.

Up Against a Hot Game

,1160
’ Chums in Wall. Street.

;. or, Two College

1161'

1162
Wall Street Market.

1163

I164
Chances in Wall Street.

Making‘ His Fortune; or,\ The
Plucky Boy: ‘ , »v

The Stock Exchange Boys; or, The Young
Speculators of Wall Street.

1165 Deal’ of

1166

1167
Got Rich. 1
Dick, The‘Wall Street ’

1168
T boy to Stockbroker.‘

Fooled the Wall Street Brokers.) .

1173
' ‘ tune.

>1174

the oney. ~

Boy Who ’

“Old Mystery,” the Broker; or, Playing a’

Seven Bags of Gold; or», How a Plucky Boy‘

Learning. a Trade; or, On the Road to For- 

Buyinﬁion Margin; or,’ The.Boy Who Won.

 

if

i

if

~x
,~a

Capital, One Dime; or, Boringiﬂis ‘Way to ,_

A Big Contract;,or, The Poo‘:-_v_Boy Who Won. . '
Benson's New Boy; or, Whooping up the

Driven to Work; or, A'Fortune From .9. Vi
Shoestring.‘ ' . . 

The Way to Make Money; or, Taking ..

.\~

’aif ;‘ or, From.News- 1 ‘

Adrift on the Orinoco; or, The Treasure of S,

1169
the Desert. _ ,
1170 Silent Sam of Wall Street; or, A Wonderful
Run of Luck. , ‘_
1171 always on the Move; or, The Luck of Mes-
.» , senger 99; , e _
1172, Happy—Go-Lucky Jack; or, The Boy Who '

 

r“. ‘,1

address on receipt o£\=price,:.§’Aoenta per cop;  I‘ .

\.

.,;,.= 4.3;

  

    

