NEW YORK?
‘ H V ' CEBR 9' 1927 Price 8 Cents

.f,f.-‘§ :

    
   

   

 

_  -

O MNEYO

 °°LDl1ﬂ] [k2]\?$TrE[m_?”;‘mE [:3[])[,K§E[2D
DR PLAYING A [IARING GAME/41¢/M57/rzsrirom

Z‘iﬂ§£zF%7é§4_.¢z4/..,..—’-—-

 

..

Throwing open the door. Bob rushed in and grabbed "Old Mute round the waist with
both arms. while Will. in accordsnco with their plon. Iprsng to the aid of
the prisoners. and lost no time in getting them loouo.

  

  

     

   

 

.4
.4...

. . .1  

FAME AND ORTUNE “WEEKLY

  

1.
,’~;. .5
\~

 
  

m ....

‘.-r'-'
.

 

, g Wmggu §n‘a‘."§:°..’}"'é3.'.' I§2fei4o“dg¢ier":i'traa’e°:’u 3"’ 59.: i'a'.’.¥§‘.£‘a‘ e¥%neme?’  .7. I

\ Dee. a ion. at the Poet-Umce at New lork. N v1.. under the Act of larch 3. nm ~

‘‘ . No. 1158 NEW YORK, DECEMBER 9, 1927 Price 8 Cents.
E“ . 1 __  ',

 

 

 

 

 
   
  

it ' ' ’
e‘iii'“OldM t ”th B k 
 A Y8 8?)’, 8 PO 6!‘ 
   ' ' on, PLAYING A DARING GAME   - 
' \ . _- ' Ht .
By A SELF-MADE MAN‘ ' ‘ es,   
.CHAP'l'ER I.—Bob Granger’s' Introduction to on an innocent girl becauee -V in ‘a’
‘ Old Mystery.’ 3 amst her father."V1-eplied  V ‘ ,;
“Hello! What in thunder in all the racket “Get 2030530: '
about?” exclaimed Bob Granger, stopping short “Well, you it and eeewhere e of you'll
on one of the streets of Roseville, New Jer-sey, as land,” retorted in an aggressive tone.
a sudden rumpus arose on a cross street near by. "Aw. you're a I seek him. fellern, and
A chorus of hpota. cat—calls and shouts_. ev1- then run." 1
de_ntly in boys’ vo1cea,_ rang out on the an-. mingled Half a, damn minus; .7". thrown 3; 301,, mg I
with the rapid pattennz of many feet. Then came then the boys took to their heels. None of the '
a scream of 8 girl. apparently in great applfes  d¢herBob. so he didn't mind .
“Gee! There's a girl in trouble," cried Bob. “I asethgséogflg. fforilawhich egaitslgﬁrfed 
must see what’; up," various epithets expressive‘ of their sentiments
tee.“ he‘ started forzlard a girl, of perhaps seven- govtvatid hédumto ltiiob gavle them no further attention,
11, s ot around (1 to rd u m e gir.
hirInd,enru}rlin_ing as gas; 31% ?:I¢;>)uld‘.:amIelerdvlving t°“You la‘r;qu_ifte safe navy’. min; but I’ll see you ;
go air was ymg ll‘! e reeze. an er 37011!‘ 0 e 1 Y0“ W18h- N
*"=*«3.¥.°°':..'*:";*:."=: W“ °°s‘°5:°** Wis?‘ ‘*:.**"~ ... 1 "W ’‘’“......,= ‘ "‘.,.'°" “aw? ‘° ’:;?.£:.?.:"' =
' e , .aveme sec:-x.wens ' i
'8' 3013- ' oriigtlzestg-'21: many timygs. buterieveg-"till to-d_ay 3: 1
At that moment around the corner came a‘ they "Y to “tick 1110-"
bunch of boysnanywhere fromten to ﬁfteen years “What do they mean by calling your father
~ of age, in scattered order, howling to beat the old Mystery?”
band. Half a dozen rotten apples came hurtling “The name has been applied to him by the nave-
through the air toward the girl, whom, it was papers,"
clear, they were chasing. Bob caught the pretty ‘uwhat 10,?»
::‘:: :::*;:.,';.“.::“:::;.::%,:",;:'.:i,*;:' 'r.:'.':.°' :2 .,  "=13; «am an ,g<;;;',*;*g for we, gt’-
“°°d 9" b°Y'v ."h° ‘l°‘'°d "9 °" '°""3 Mmv ‘mid Illollitlfflilll :1‘  uetlrodagyt
$3“ l1n¢Ol't8llI Whethﬁt .t0_COIIﬂ1IIIQB:gO :1tlti8Ck uwhat is his  2:; 
::::::;.. T:.::.:.:*;:.'"?**2...:*.'a:°:.*.'.:'=1...1.;'...  ssne, is - M um um nu --. one in ma i
“What' the matter ‘ti: you fellows?" c ed 0
Bob» -kée :33! eh;-I whim» Ig;!nb1i3§i.'ik° an in iiL'§e$.§."'-i~n’e‘§"'3.-’£'ea'°e'.'°i}'i y"Ju‘rh'1:&’e': "17.’?
m’;"}°,.,..' "1" ‘"° 7°“ ‘ "3 V°‘“‘3 .do::'h them a personal inihu:-ry.”  ’
“sh~'- ow Mw-=--v'- -r-L" -how « r~=-he-d~« ,..1.w:z.*:: ::*:..'°.:'. ....:
“Old llyate I What do you mean?" 2 m°|'l13n8o Ind °
‘Donkeys: ow who Old Mystery is?‘ re- 1'.‘
.] Wild 37- ; '
 ;“No£uS.uhp°p¢5ee eh: is Old Mystery’: daughter
‘ V . one .
‘ff. ?“Nothin' but we ean’t get back at him so we're
‘V kiln’ it eut’r her.”
,’ ‘ ;'

"‘0h.youare? Anicelototcowardetojump

 
 

A * I. . - 2' V . . . - .'
.' \...~.: :3. ‘. "-av e, :a&.n_‘_.....-'..'.-  v 513-30 1

 
 

  

- ‘Youare

   

s  . K '."0LD_,HYS'1'ERY."

 have been able to help you out of

very kind to tie my part. and I thank
1301!.

“I considered it my duty to do so. You don't
would stand by and see those rascals
pelt you with apples, do you?”

you are!" she exclaimed. admiring-
"Why there was quite a crowd of them.”
that will attack one young girl are
cowardly to tackle a ho who shows ﬁght. I
they've gone away, but think you had better

see on home, since they may be watching,
axgleetinﬂthat I will leave you.”
_ don like
no trouble,

to ve you the troubb."
replied Bob. “I have lots of

hands for Pm out of a job.
who wants a boy in his office in

I came
‘ad.’ was in the morning paper.

E!

man
The
now. and I suppose I'll ﬁnd a
'30:

so my chance of catching on
is rather slim." ,

lA'pIieants were directed to apply to ‘Adam.’
' 0. -—- High Sﬁeetpltoaeville, at four o'clock. It

to learn that the
e to answer was
the girl-he had- rendered a favor to.
pleased, as it was
atcb would manage to

bat curious to learn what
her father was, and what he did in
the newspapers had dubbed
“Old lystery.” The house where Old Mys-
tery and his daughter resided was only a couple
of blocks away, so it did not take Bob and the

3

girl long to reach it. It was a somber-looking,
old-fashioned dwelling of three stories, sur-
rounded and standing back

gyits own groun
feet from the ewalk. A tall and
rusty iron fence completely surrounded the prop-

Tithe big double
gate beside it. e big one had
to admit carriages, but as Old
not keep a carriage it was always

5
9

3
E
3
E
3
2
=-
5

mall

I1 P
Ilystery did
locked.
small one was also locked. butthere was a
the Visitor to ring. The old man carried
so did- Eunice, but tradesmen,
had to pull the bell and wait
they were admitted by the servant. Eunice
opened the gate and entered the grounds, fol-
They walked up to the front door
girl used her latch-key. Bob found him-
wide and gloomy-look‘ ball, with

a wide {light 0 stairs lead-
In: to the Ioor above. 'l'he door of a big, shabbily
room on the right was ajar, and
came a murmur of many
Eunice looked in and saw fully
had doubtless called in reply to

the rear of the one

an i ii .
iii”? gig

' ~ him
‘ whi"had
ciuacagtnniyuu and

needed a situation -

THE. BROKER
ﬁttings were all old-fashioned, but had

beenoftheﬁrst alityintheirday. The
whichstoodby ewindowopeningonarear
prospect, was of rare old Spanish mahogany,

~.:.:.-* ii"  "°“} :..== ..::,°.d.;-'5.
w i ran e u ength o e
handles, while the cover worked on hinges ' e a
ﬂap,andwhenopen forusehadtobesgﬁported
ifn pttlgltlon by two side arms that were p ed out
or at purpose.

The walls were ornamented with a few old pic-
tures, the frames of which had lost their original
tint. “To an up-to-datle lad likehBob the room
seem oppressive, turned is ttention-to
whattehe could see ::itsi$le the .:idn<g:v. Fifteen’ ed
mmu s passed ow aw , tarnish’
ormolu clock on tlie mantel  qliarter past
four, when the door opened and a tall, elderly
’““é" '*"'.:: :““";“*°.‘..°:**' mi. **;°,...*°°"*-

e was 0 six t , oo
lflul physique}; Bob 3:... 8f!ldt:=0W_¢¢}. Poe Judguerd
e was in e presence 0 e gir’s ather, e
ﬁissguwhoin the newspapers had christened “Old
ry.

“Well, young man, your name is Robert
Granger,  believe?” he said, in a sgrulchral tone.

“Yes, sir,” replied Bob, respect! ly.

“M; dafughter has informed me that you res-
cued e roma rowdofboyswboattackedhr
on the iltreet. I thank you for coming to her aid
and utting the rabble to ﬂight. Now I under-
stand that when you met her you were on your
way here to apply for the position advertised by
me in this morning paper?”

“gen, sir." h

“ ave you ad any experience in Wall Street?”

“No, sir; but I worked two years for a broker
on State Street in Boston.”

'“Indeed; that is a recommendation. Who was
the broker?”

“Thomas Weed. He retired from business and
that threw me out of a job. As I had no parents,
and nothing particular to keep me in Boston, I
thought I'd come to New York and try and secure
a Job with a Wall Street trader.”

“Are you living in New York?"

“Yes, sir; I'm boarding on Eleventh Street
near Broadway.”

“When did you arrive here?"

“Two days ago."

“I may assume, then, that you are a complete
stranger in the city?"

“Yes, dr.” _
f A look of satisfaction ¢ame over Mr. Hatch’s

ace.

“Very well. 1 will take you on trial. You can
report at my office tomorrow morning at nine
o'clock. There is my card. Your duties will be
similar to what you have been accustomed to in
Bomn; but in addition u will have several
things to learn. I will exp am what I mean more
fully tomorrow. Your waﬁes will be eight dollars
to start, which is two do are more than I have
been “paying my oﬁce boy. The extra money is in
com’ eration of theserviee you have rendered my
daughter, and because I think Tall: will suit me
better than the average boy. t is all for the
praent.”

__ ~- ....-- »)¢J

  

  

 H Ncwtosumd

w

 11.7-oigi vMyste'ry’s Nu? hiessenger.

H ‘ ‘Bob not-hurryi‘awa’y, but stood and looked

tbe‘bousé'and grounds over as if he wanted to
be.able to recognize them again. The truth of
 was, he had taken a decidedliking
for Eunice Hatch, and he wanted to follow up

"the acquaintance if he could. Atlhough he had

secured a ition in her father’s office
it did not stri e him as likely that he would see
the girl ever there;

“She's anice gii-l—the nicest L ever met," he

‘ said to himseli as he‘ walked away. “It's’ a shame

there is such a crowd of young hoodluins in this
neighborhood‘ who are trying to make life miser-
able for her because they’i-erdown on her father.
I'd like to catch one of them abusing her and I'd
teach him a lesson he'd remember, bet your life.”

Then his thoughts turned on the man he was
going, to work for.

"So he's called Old M story?
liar name to aﬁply to a roker, I must say. All
traders natura y keep their business affairs to
themselves. There must be something in the back-
ground that has given rise to the nickname. I
wonder if I'll ﬁnd out what it is? The news-
papers~doii’t apply such a name to a person with-
out some reason. Maybe it's his appearance
which has given rise to it, for he certainly does
look a bit out of the ordinary, like a man who
carried a. weighty secret around with him. I
wouldn't be astonished if that is why he’s called
Old Mystery.” _

Promptlv at nine o'clock next morning Bob

That's a pecu-

was standing in front of the office of Adamv

Hatch, stock broker, on the fourth ﬂoor of the
Hesperian Building in Wall Street. The door was
locked and so Bob had to hand around until some-
body caine who belonged to the‘ office. He did
not have long to wait. A little. old wizened-lo6k-
in; man came trotting along from theelevator.
He looked sharpl at Bob as be unlocked the
ﬂair, and when e boy ‘followed him inside he

“What do on want?" ,; V
Bespokesa yondinahighkey. - —
“Mr. Hatch to d me to report here this morn
' at nine o'clock to go to work,” replied Bob.
‘Oh, you're the new office boy eh." skid the
old man, lookinghim over ‘critichlly and appar-

v

cntl, not approvin ly.
..,~g ., 3

es. , ,
“What’s your “iia!$"."’

“Robert Granger." ~

, did an work beﬁore?” _ . V
“In Broker omas Weed’s_ oﬁice, in Boston."

‘How long have you been in New York?”
' “About three days.’ ‘
The old man 3 sour look relaxed somewhat.
"'%'he;ii’you’re a stranger here 2"

.- S! 8 . 1 ‘ V V‘ (
“Where are_ you livinz?”_ _

l Bob told him. and the mformation seemed to
him some satisfaction. What he _didn't
was Bob’: bright and alert air.  may

seen: strange, as _it would A g 1,
an inhis favor an . hroker?3:°;;iﬁ::mi;i‘the
$33531 ‘E39139 1333' 43%

was 511-. Eatch's. head

   

._\

.work without saying a word.

* he came out the boy 3

‘ Wall Street, as I spent a couple of (in
_over the district in search of a job," rep ‘ed Bob.

have secured otters -

reasons. i

 

“OLD MYSTERY,” THE BROKER‘  ‘H .9.

What those reasons were h ke to himsﬂ
Maybe it struck him that  ‘l0£ed!1F69 iimaﬁ
for the ofﬂce._ As a rule a boy an’t be’ too  ‘:
to please his employer, partieulu-I§.“in W * V ,,
_Street. However, as Mr. Hatch had hired Bob, ’‘
it must be "assumed that he was'—'sah'sﬁed~wn‘th 
looks. Such being the ‘case the clerlrfhad no
call to find fault with the new boy's appear-anee.i.v
“Take your seat in’ that chair by the wmdowaad .
wait til Mr. Hatch comes in,” said old Newton; H
who then went behind the rail,’ took ox!-biceps’:->-
coat, opened the big safe, and,  
eral account books was soon busy at " ‘A :' give’
minutes later another clerk came in and 
About halii 3
nine customers began to come into the H 
space allotted to. them._ This was where Bob‘
and it was provided with chairs an_d'a~  4
, i‘ I ._-,5 ,

theaccommodation of visitors wbrdid r
with Mr- I;-Ifitcb. or came in. ‘ ’" ‘  ‘ ':—
ur ose.- tw asked. I  ”‘ L ‘
tog’ told th’é'3n°'he 13.4 nsi-is:
Hatch arrived about ten  s
to his prlyate roqm. Bob followed-hits inward
assisted him of with his overcoat ’f i  aw ‘
“There are two  who‘ wish to

see you," he said. a -  « .
“Show the first one in." ‘ed the broker. H
Bob ushered onewof the ers inside. When
. howed the other in. Soon‘
after the second visitor came out a buzz be)!

.near Boblsschair rang, and Bob took that as a

call for himself and wentﬁi. He was told to sit» ‘
down: The_bi'o_ker then proceeded, to give him
certain special instructions. regarding what was
expected o_i him, after which he was handed a
note to deliver to a broker in an Exchange Place
oﬁlce building. _ y .

He. foundithe trader-_in, handed him the note,
receive an answer ,to _it and_ returned promptly.

f‘You d no trouble in ﬁn the place, I see,‘
saidllr. Hatch, apparently pie with the quick
time his new boy had made. V

“No, sir. I am pretty well acquainted with
80138

_ “A_h, that accounts for your proinptness in de-
livering in note. Now do you know where the
Mills Building is?" ,

“Yes, sir; down Broad Street.
“Take this note to the broker whosename is

 
  
     
  
   

on it. His office is on the third floor, in front.” “

Bob hurried oﬁ again. His rst_day was a fair.
ly busy one, as business was king up, and Mr. —
Hatch had quite a number of customers; 0:: his .
second visit to the Exchange, where‘ he had been
sent by old Newton with a note to Mr. Hat-also =

who was on the ﬂoor, he was eyed an;-593,1! ~ .

several of the other messengers who had’
notes‘ for vsriousxbrokers. They 

as a strange:-and wondered who he ‘as, ’
whom he was we ' -.> 
Mr. Hatch one of the said: i '

 

  

\‘.

       
 
     
 
 
 
 

 
 

  

  
   

an'xiou"s to learn the real reason his employer
had acquired the nickname. "
‘_ “Where did you come from—school?
. “No, from Boston.” _
“Beantown, eh ?” grinned_his questioner. “How
. did you come to catch on with Old Mystery?”

“I wish‘you'd call him Mr. Hatch.  answered
an advertisement of his and got the Job.”

“You have my sympathy. You_ wouldn’t_ catch
any regular messenger out of a Job applying to
him for work. I'd sooner shovel fog off the docks
than work for Adam Hatch.” _ _

“I don't see anything the matter with him.”

“Well, wait till you’ve been with hirn a while,
that is if you’re able‘ to hold on. H_es always
changing his messengers. Had six this Years so
"far. Say,.1'ellers, let me introduce you to Old
M steryi new boy.”, I

, spoke bantenngjg, End the o_ther.messen_gers
'-rqarded Bob with no ittle curiosity, Just as if he
= was some new species of animal. :

,'-' it ' At that moment Mr. Hatch came up, took his

note and after reading it dismissed him with a
nod. - . _ ,

CHAPTER III.——Clarence Naseby.
He soon noticed that he was becomin an ob-

ject of interest to the other boys in W 1 Street.
They pointed him out to one another as Old

lfystery’s new messenger, and various small bets .

were made on the lenﬂh of his stay in Hatch’s
oﬁice. He had been at work three days when_he
ms stopped on the street by a tough-looking

th“Sta°y, are you working for Old Mystery ?" said
e .
“Pinyworking for Adam Hatch,” replied Bob.
“That’s Old Mystery, as I guess you know.
How long have you been with him?”
“In what way does that matter interest you?”
“It interests me some. I worked for,him three
weeks and then I saw my ﬁnish just as you will
pretty soon.” . '
“How do you know I will ?"

“Because you’re bound to have a run-in with -

either him or Newton before you're there long.
How do you like that old skeesicks?"
“What old skeesicks?”
~ “Newton, of course. He’s a’ suspicious old
’ - gazabo; always ﬁnding fault, about something.”

   
  
 
 

, “I don't-know tha he is.
“You will know. y, what's your name?”
“Bob Granger, as I'm in a hurry I can't

ltand'here and answer any more of your ques-

tions.’
Thus speaking Bob broke away and hurried‘ oﬂ
on the errand he had in hand. ‘. _
, are some pretty cheeky chaps in Wall

; Shut.” thought Bob, as he went on his way.
' ‘So ﬂat’: on of the fellows who worked for m

_' loyer? Thinks I won't last long. .W ,
 see whether} will or not. It won't be my

' if} dol‘i;.t.‘i-II"{v&’gvorked thhiriz days at tlée

- so or g  wrong wi

-4- 'I?d lketo knowwlity’ he called Old

‘vlpcaylft say that I fancyANew-
‘- ' at he has.»his.eyes_on me

- not. _ “P. .'‘'.c,—.

 _.__.R-.., ._  ,_

 
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
    

‘i0LD llfYSTl§}RY,” THE BROKER

‘ii.-

 

Bob reached the oﬁice he had been sent to
and asked for Broker Greene. He was shown
into the private room and handed his note to the
trader. The broker read it and then looked at
Bob with some interest.

“How long have you been working for Mr.
Hatch?” ‘

“This is my fourth day.”

“How do you like the job?”

“All right, sir.”

“Work for any one else in Wall Street?”

“No, sir. I'm from Boston.”

“Oh, I see. Well, there's no answer.”

Bob took his departure wondering why Mr.

Greene had questioned him about his job.
‘ As long as he had worked for Mr. Weed no
person to whom he had carried a message had
ever rmestioned him in a similar way. That day
was Saturday, and he got his pay—four days’
wages. There had been a sudden slump in the
market that morning in a certain stock. Bob
bought a paper on his way uptown and he noticed
reference to the decline.

“It is not clear who was at the bottom of the
reaction in J. & B., but it is quite evident that
the dro pin on the market of a block of 10,000
shares y 0 d Mystery, at a critical moment, did
the trick. A score of traders are asking\thein-
selves the question: who is behind Hatch? They
have asked that question many times before.
They will probably ask it many times again.
There isn't a broker in the district who is
watched closer than Hatch, yet nobody has found
out for whom he operates at times. Perhaps he
is the little joker himself——who knows? Wall
Street never had a mystery before that it could
not fathom some time or another; but Old Mys-
try seems to have the Street guessing all the

' time,” read Bob.

The boy guessed that his employer must be
a pretty slick individual to call forth that para-

graph.

Bob walked leisurely up Broadway, for he had
lots of time to reach his boarding-house before
dinner was on the table.

He was usually one of the first to answer the
bell. The other boarders were mainly people who
worked for their living, such as clerks and stenog-
raphers who had no homes.

The star boarder was the drummer for an edu-
cagonaf ‘li)00Bk lpublishigil house. d '

e an o generJ y began inner together,
and the rest dropped in one after another. When
Bob went to dinner that day the drummer, whose
name was Clarence Naseby, was eating his son
at the head of the table. The young messen I
place was on his right. ‘

“Hello, Granger," he said, “how are things

coming?" . _ .
“All right, sir,” replied Bob._
 §<;e$e%l:yere was a slump in J. & B. today.”

“Yes; it went down several points.”

“The papers say that Old Mystery was the
cause of it. He dumped a bunch of stock on the
market and broke the price. Say, who is this
gldtclhliystery anyway? I think his last name is

a . .

“He's abroker and a member of the Exchange.’

-“Judging by what the apers say of him he
seems tohave the Indian gn on the Street."

.

;.;..§

  

JNA

 .’,.s.., FT‘)-"’¥‘:?."‘?" _~i..g $£

   

“0LD MYSTERY,” THE BROKER _ ‘ ‘ 5

- “A broker who can puzle Wall Street has got
to be pretty clever." _ "
“I should remark. Have you seen him?

“I see him every day. His name is Adam Hatch.
and I work for him.’’ ”
“What's that? _You work for_ Old Mystery?

exclaimed Naseby in some surprise.
“I'm his messenger.”
“You don't say. How came he to be called Old
Q”

Y3te1'Y-

“I’ll never tell you. I don't see a whole lot of
diﬁerence between him and any other broker of
his ears."

' “ ere must be something mysterious about
him or his methods.” . , _

“I guess it's his methods. He's pretty slick In
his tions I j‘.ige. No one is able to ﬁnd out
winger he's at the bottom of certain things or
not. Somebody else may be doing what is credited
to Mr. Hatch. At any rate the papers have dub-
bed him Old Mystery, and when _once a nick-
name is tacked on to it's pretty hard to get
rid of it whether you eserve it or not.”

“That's right," nodded the drummer. _
_ When Bob went upstairs after the meal to his
hallrooin on the top ﬂoor back he heard sounds
in the landlady’s room, which was next to‘ his
own. As he knew Mrs. Jones and the chamber-
maid were both down in the basement attending
to the boarders he thought the sounds icious.
He listened and heard the sound of a ureau
drawer opened. He walked outside and placed
his eye to the keyhole of the door. He couldn't
see who was in the room, because the P913011
was out of ran of the keyhole. _ _

He continu to look, however, Ju_dgi that
the person was bound to come into sight fore

“I'll bet it's a sneak thief," he thought.

-He softly turned the knob, but found that the
catch inside was on so the door wouldn’t open.

“I guess I'd better run down and tell Mrs. Jones
that somebod is in her room,” he concluded.

He started, downstairs and had reached the
landing of the next ﬂoor when he heard the land-
lad is door open and the person come out.

e’s going to sneak with whatever he has
found," muttered Bob. _

The supposed thief, however, did not come
down, but walked to the door of the front room
and entered that apartment-

“Be’s in Mr. Naseby’s room now. The drummer
must have gone out ri ht after dinner. I think
I'll go back and see want the fellow looks like.
If he isn’t too big 1'11 nab him myself,” _

He ' toed back upstairs and applied his eyes
to the hole of the front room. To his sur-
prise he saw Naseby standing in the middle of
ﬁe room looking at the contents of an oblong

He opened one of the articles out and
it struck Bob that it looked like a bond,‘or a stock

f that kind. patently
in co room but thfgruminer.
was, therefore, that it was he who

' ' thelandlay'srooin. Bever-
li themandaetranxesuspicion

look’ ﬁ
i1nn‘&eno:;l<i3£‘E’u:3
the documents at the ‘bottom of its



Bob hardly knew what to do now. While he was
considering the matter he saw the drummer come
toward the door with the oblong envelope in his
hand. Bob knew that it wouldn’t. do for him to
remain in the landing, so be rushed for his own
room and was in the act of unlocking the door
when the drummer came out. On seeing Bob,
Naseby immediately turned around and re-entered
his~room.

Bob sat down in his only chair by the window,
which overlooked a rear prospect of back yards
and housetops, and began to consider the situa-
tion. Naseby was the lat man Bob would have
suspected of engaging in any crooked business,
as he held a good position and never seemed in
want for money; but, nevertheless, the boys had
undoubted evidence that he had paid a surrepti-
tious visit to the landlady’s room for some pur-
pose, and that purpose could be an honest
one, seeing that he had no business in Mrs. Jones’

room.

Hadhestolenthepapershehadseeninhls
hands? If he had the must be of some value,
and Bob wondered if ey were bonds, or certi-
ﬁcates of stock, or what. Apparent Naseby
wasn't all he a peared to be on the ace. The
landlady was mid to miss anything that had
vanished mysterious] from her room, and if it
had_ any great value ere would be much fuss and
excitement over her loss.

Bob believed that it was his duty to inform
Mrs. Jones about what had passed under his
observation, but he felt that it was a ve delicate
matter. The landlady would be inclin to scout
the idea that her star boarder was a thief, but
if she deemed the matter worthy of investigation
on ﬁnding that some of her property had been
stolen, Mr. Naseby would naturally indignantly
deny that he had visited the lady's room during
her absence, and his word was as good as Bob's
unsupported testimony. It might be considered
better, in fact, for he had boarded with her for
several months while Bob was only beginning his
secondweek.

“He might even accuse me of stealing her prop-
erty and then try to throw the blame on him,"
thought the boy reﬁectively. “I’ve got to go slow

- in this matter or I may ﬁnd myself in hot water."

Bob wished he had some friend with whom he
could confer, for two heads are always better
than one. The only friend he had thus far made
in.New York was the in er of the oﬁce
adyoini Mr. Hatch’s, a boy about his age named
Will Ne n.

Will lived in Harlem, and had asked him to call
on him any time he found the chance to do so.

It struck Bob that he would go up and see him
right away, and tell him about this affair, which
he regarded _as a serious matter. He _p "

9.
3
5‘

left the latch-key on the bureau so he wait

 

 

  

   

 

there, sure enough, was the drummer with one

Jiand shoved down into the right hand side of his

top bureau drawer.

CHAPTER IV.-—-Bob Nails a Thief.

As the door opened the drummer quickly with’-
drew his hand, slammed the drawer shut and
looked at Bob in great confusion.

", “Well, Mr. Naseby, this is a rather singular

proceeding on your part, isn’t it?” said Bob,
eooll

, “Yygs, it is rather singular.” Peplied ‘the fffm‘
mercial man, recovering his self-possessign; out
the fact of the matter is a friend of mine. Who
_occgpied' this room before you came, left a paper
in your top bureau draw_er. He_ wrote me about
it, and asked me to get it for him, so I came in
here to_hunt for it." ‘ th t
«If that is so," replied Bob, who was sure a
Naseby was lying in order to get out of his hobble
with the best grace he could, “you might have
called when I was in here a few moments ago.

'H0w did you manage to get into the room? I

)o¢k_ed my door when I went downstairs." _

“You're mistaken." replied the drummer, 8111313’;
“I found your door unlocked.”

“Lie Number Two,”_mentally _commente‘d B_ob.
“Assuming that you did,” he said amid» W}_“¢h

' will pardon me for doubting, you had’ no right
to enter my room when I was out_of it.

“I admit it and I hope you will overlook the
matter. I didn't mean any wrong, Granger, and
I hope, you won't say anything about it.‘ To tell

u the truth when I found your door unlocked

thought you were in. When I saw you were not
I. guessed you went down to the bathroom to
wash your hands and would be right up.” ”

“Lord, how seine people can twist the truth,
thought Bob. “Well, he said aloud, “did you ﬁnd
what you were after?” _

“I did not. The chambermaid must have re-
moved it when she cleaned the room up before you
took possession. I will have to Speak to 1191' Ibollt
‘tn
1 “I would," replied Bob, in a slightly sarcastic

“B the we. , when u came UP t0 }’°“1' T°°m
aid yzu meet aiyiybody oho the stairs 1” said Naseb)’.
' the convex-satiun._ _
0, why?” asked Bob, in some surprise’.
“I thou t maybe you met Mrs. Jones.
"Why . Jones‘! I left her waiting onithe
n - ' ‘

“That's funny." said the drumm¢1‘- “I W88 51110

Iheard her moving about in her room. She might

have sent the maid to her room for somethinz-’.'

“I goes for the maid was waiting on the
table when I oft the dining-room a short time
after you." .

<
ﬁlvyouderifthgreconldhavobeenasneak

heswodbertoiuidn.
 , Jone?
  "!'“°‘

 "’l ' asneakthietin the

ii;
§ .
E‘-

enticing the boy from his room reluctantly

 

'_5 I  .MYSTERY,” _’I‘HE_BROK.ER

Bob. “If you have any idea there was somebody
in her room I think you had better notify her.”

“Perhaps you wouldn’t mind doing itif you are
going out right away,” said the drummer.

“I’m not going out for a while," replied Bob,
who had changed his mind about visiting his
friend Nelson. “I think you're the proper person
to notify the landlay, as you say you heard the
sounds in her room.”

“Perhaps I was mistaken,” said Naseby, who
did not seem anxious to go donwstairs on the
errand. -

The truth of the matter was he wanted to re-
move what he had hidden in Bob’s bureau for fear
the boy would ﬁnd it.

“You know best, Mr. Naseby,” replied Bob,
taking off his hat.

“If you’1*e not going out perhaps you’ll come
into my room and join me in a game of casino,
or something else in the card line,” said the drum-
mer, who was 10th to leave the boy alone in his
room while the late incident was fresh in his mind.

“Thank you, but I don’t pla _car ."

“What, not at all?” said aseby in a tone of
surprise._

“No, sir; I'm not interested in the amusement."

“Come in anyway. I've got some cigars, and
we’ll have a social chat."

“I don’t smoke either.” _

“Is it possible! Not even cigarettes 7”

“Not even cigarettes.”

.“I suppose you don’t drink either?” said Naseby
with a palpable sneer.

"Your supposition is correct. It's a bad habit.
particularly for boys."

“Well, come in and we’ll have a talk. You’re '

a stranger in _the city, and ‘I can put you to a
good,many wrinkles that will be of advantage to
you.’

“I’m much obliged for theinvitation, but you’ll
have to excuse me. I have a couple of letters
to write, and then I may go out."

This was pure fiction, but Bob was anxious to
get rid of his visitor, and so he considered his
statement was justifiable. Naseby having ex-
hausted all the expedients he could think of for
took
his departure. A few moments later Bob heard
him going downstairs. Then the front door
slammed and he presumed that the drummer had
gone oﬂ somewhere—probably to one of his eve-
ning haunts.

Bob _then 0 ed his drawer to _see if anything
belonging to was missing, never suspec '
what he would ﬁnd there. He kept a number 0
little things in that corner of his drawer, though
nothing worth stealing. He didn’t believe that

’Naseby-had taken anything, but he thought he'd

look anyway. He did, and spied something that
he certainly had never put there. It was an
em ty oblong manila envelope.

etookitoutandlookedatit. WrittenacroaI_

it wasthe name “llrs. Martha Jones."

In one corner in much smaller writing
‘Five 8100 bonds—Northern Ry. Co."
no ' slow about Bob. He oonldcuily
throu amillstone when therewllahoiqili.

Be 513 on to Clarence N
game once.
volume with

-  1

  

‘the police station and put the matter_up to

3:-_,:.':‘ ‘-2;: -. I

 

l . “OLD MYSTERY," THE BROKER 7

roan. He knew that the moment the property
was missed by its owner there would be trouble.

The theft would doubtless at first be laid to a
sneak thief. The landlady would report her loss
at the nearest police station, and a detective would
be detailed to look into the matter.‘ It was not
unlikely he would consider it advisable to search
the rooms of the boarders. Bob being a new
boarder, and connected with Wall Street, he would
be sure to be looked upon as the thief if some
incriminating piece of evidence were found in his
room. What more damaging piece of evidence
than the envelope in which the bonds had been
enclosed? Having a key in his possession that
would open any door‘ on that floor it was easy for
Naseb to enter Bob's room and hide the envel-
$ w era a search would be sure to bring it to

' t.

That's the way the young messenger ﬁgured
the matter out. Fortunately, however. Bob had
taught the drummer in the act of carrying out
his contemptible purpose, and this had put him
on to the concealed evidence.

“Well, if that wouldn't make a fellow mad I
don't know what would,” said Bob to himself,
holding the envelope in his hand. “The idea of
him trying to do me up in this way. If I hadn't
caught him at my bureau I never would have
looked in in drawer, and if I did not tell Mrs.
Jones that had pretty good reason to believe
that her star boarded had paid a sly visit to her
room and taken something away why I might
have found myself in a peek of trouble. I
wouldn't be able to explain how the envelope got
into my bureau drawer. By the time the ﬂare~up
came Naseby would probably have got rid of the
bonds, and his denial that he ever took them
would be good to save his bacon, since I could

,producc no proof against him. As matters stand

they are doubtless still in his trunk, as he will

have no chance to dispose of them till Monday,‘

and a search of his trunk will convict him. This
is where I get back at Mr. Naseby.”
Bob put the envelope in his pocket, put on his
hat and left the house. He intended to call ﬂat
e
deer in charge, for he was afraid if he ﬂat
called Mrs. Jones’ attention to the loss of her
 aMmmd Nascbya.sthethief.tliat
s

resultinamiscarriageofjustice. _~_ _
“She wouldn't take any action against him till
she had told him all I said, and thus forewarned
Naseby would immediately remove the bonds from
his trunk, and then a search would only serve to
make me out agar and‘be likel to throw 8l18t)§-
eiai on me,” ought Bob. “ y- bring: e
thing directly to the attention of the policf will
clear my skirts of suspicion and open the way to
the immediate detection of the thief.” .
Bob made his way to the station and there told
hirstory. The officer in charge called a detective
andtheboy tedhis storytohim. The de-
tective was o ered to accompany him around to
the house. The landlady was called into the’
parlor and then Bob told er all that had passed
under his observation that evening. She was
astonkhcd and, as he had supposed, she could not
believe that Naseby was guilty of doing what her
new boarder charged him with. e recognised

the envelope as the one in which she kept hex-

b°ndSa and 8°in8 to her room found that her‘

property was missing.

Reluctantly she consented to go around to the
home of a magistrate and apply for a search
warrant in order that her star boarder-’s trunk
might be examined. '

“I am sure he didn't take my bonds," she said,

Well. this young man is just as sure that he
did take them, for he heard the man in your room
and afterward saw papers that looked like the
bonds in his hands, which he saw him place in his
trunk," said the detective. “Subsequently he
found the man in his room, where he certainly
had no right to be in the tenant's absence, with
his  in the  bureau drawer’  was’
you must admit, a decidedly suspicious proceediig.
After the drummer left his room this youn man
n3_W1'3l1Y 1C0l_(ed into his drawer to see if\ny-
thin was missing, and he found this envelope
Whlc 370“ ha“ recognized as the one in which you
kept_youi- bonds. The inference is that the thief
put it there to cause suspicion to fall on the oc-
cupant of the rocm._ If you want to recover your
P1’<_>P€1‘ty  as little trouble as possible, and
D311 Elle 8'|lllty person, the quickest and easiest
W8? is to have this drummer’s trunk searched.
If the bonds are found in it, as this young man
feels ¢°"t3"‘ they Vi" be» You will have a line
on the true character of the boarder in whom you
appear to place such great conﬁdence, and it will
be your duty,to prosecute him.”

Mrs. Jones anxiety to recover her bonds, which
!’9p_resented the bulk of her savings, overcame her
disinclination to proceed against her star boarder,
so she accompanied Bob and the detective to the
residence'of the nearest magistrate.

After hearing Bob's story and the landlady’:
admissions the Judge made out the warrant and
signed it. ,

It contained a clause authorising Naseby's ar-
1'¢3t if 91¢ 901011 PPOPOTW was found in his trunk.

The part then returned to the house and pro-
ceded to e druiumer’s room with a locksmith,
The trunk was opened and the ﬁve bond; we"
found stowed away in the corner indicated b the
young messenger. That convinced Mrs. ones
that she had been deceived in Naseby, and 31.;
“"5 she Wosxld press the charge against him.

The detective retained the bonds to be nsgd u
evidence against the thief, and remained with Bob
"' h“ "?°“_‘ ‘mm N355! Petllfnetl to the house
about midnight, when he arrested him. The drum.
mer was paralyzed and indignantly denied th.
charge, but when the detective showed him the
bonds, and told him they had been found in his
trunk, he was taken aback. The ofhcer marched
him on’ to the station house, where the

W33 1’9¢°!'d°d 8883118.‘ him. and he was locked up.

CHAPTER V.—Bob’s Valuable Find. '

V  ,
Clarence Naseby laidhisarresttoBobGranger  .1“
the boy were not  

d  feelings toward
i...“.:.L.?°‘§°“...i: '3'. "'“'°'“.....t,.. 1. .,.,,.
draw  Iii}  bﬁ 

 

‘.—..- 2.3- «x~;‘.-"...£4"...g* "

  
   
 

   

  

--

.'s . "om; MYSTERY.” THE BROKER

M accused me of putting it in his drawer for some

Erase,” said the drummer to himself. “The
lady recognized the envelope as the one that
had held her bonds, investigated and ﬁnding that
they had vanished from her own bureau notiﬁed
*the police of her loss. It was confoundedly un-
fortunate that the boy should come back so un-
y and catch me in his room. The detec-

~ expectedl
tive put C! the case evidently tumbled to my

of mixing the boy up in the scrape and
advised that a search warrant be taken out to
search my room for the bonds. I was a fool to
leive them in my trunk, but I never dreamed that
Mrs. Jones would discover her loss for some days,
'which» would give me time to get rid of them.
I put my foot in it when I went to that boy's room.
I shoal have destroyed the envelope and allowed
suspicion to take its course. I would hardly have

“suspected. Now I'm up against it hard. I
can explain how the bonds came to be in my
trunk, and my visit to Granger’s room will clinch
_the matter against me. I shall be convicted _and
sent up the river, and that means I am mined
in New York. Blame the luck!" ‘

That was the tenor of Naseby’s thought as he
passed a sleepless night in his cell. Next mom-
ing about ten o'clock he was brought into the
Jeﬁerson Market Police’ Court. When the case
was called he pleaded not guilty. Bob and Mrs.
Jones were in court. The latter identiﬁed the
bonds and the envelope as her property, and testi-
ﬁed_ that both had been surreptitiously removed
from a certain drawer in her bureau where she
kept them.

Bob then told his story, and Naseby was aston-
ished to learn that theboy had heard him in the
land]ady’s room, and had afterward spied on him
through the keyhole of his door and saw him
put the bonds in his trunk. He now saw that
the envelope played but a secondary art in the
case ' him, and that even if e had not
tried to incriminate the young messenger he
would probably have been shown up anyway.

His feelings against Bob became twice as bit-
ter, and he determined to get square with him
. He was remanded by the magistrate
to the ombs Prison to await the action of the
Grand Jury, his bail being ﬁxed at $1,000.

Of course the other boarders in Mrs. Jones’
house learned about the bond robbery at break-
iaat, and they were much astonished when they
were told that Clarence Naseby, the star boarder,
was the thief. They could hardly believe that a

wh0é¥3)e«lredtobesopl'0sper0usashe
would be 'ty of the crime, but had to admit
the evidence against him seemed to be con-
elusive.

Several ‘in; them vhvere pre:eiln|’£h‘i!nhcourt tléat
morning. titer eating cts un er
oath they were satisﬁed that Naseby was crooked.

Mrs. Jones told Bob that she was under great

eoliigations to him for saving her bonds and

11'” she would not forget what he had

oldest boarder that Mrs. Jones had was a maiden
lady of uncertain age but believed to be ﬁnancially
we_ll ﬁxed. Her name was Miss Faucit. She was
prim and precise in her ways, and had very little
to say to the other boarders. She kept a parrot
and a large cat in her room, to whom she was
much devoted, and she could be heard talking to
them frequently, as if they were human beings
and understood all she said. As a matter of fact
they did understand a whole lot, and were re-
markably intelligent. On the Sunday afternoon
in question the cat got out of her room somehow,
and, presumably, out of the house, for when the
old maid nnssed her, and started a hunt, she
could not be found anywhere. The old maid was
in great trouble over the loss of her pet. but the
boarders seemed to ﬁnd the incident very amus-
ing. _ Bob and the landlady, on the contrary, sym-
pathized with her over the absence of the animal,
and the young messenger volunteered to go
ihrgllflétlli the neighborhood and see if he could ﬁnd
ne.

f‘It is very kind of on to oﬁer to do so,” said
Miss Faucit, grateful , her heart warming to-
ward the boy. “I am sure I don't know what I
shall do if I don't get her back.”

“I 3111 V°_l‘Y lad  do anything I can to help
you out, Miss aucit,” said Bob, “for I can see
that you are greatly attached to the animal."

_She is Just like 9. child to me,” replied the old
maid, tearfully. “She understands all I say to
her, and I undersund her, too. It you ﬁnd her
I shall never be able to thank you enoug .”

«I win, do my best.» ’

So he put on his hat and went out. He made
a house-to-house canvass of the nei hborhood, but
nobody admitted having seen a Maltue cat, with
a pink ribbon around her neck to which was
attached a little silver plate bearing the name of
‘Josephine!’

He was returning tothe houseafter a fruitless
search when he saw a number of ‘children stand-
ing around one of the _few trees that the street
boasted, 1oo_kin and pointing up at the branches.

It immediate y struck Bob that the missing cat

up in the tree a favorite ark of refuge for
frl tened felines. He joined the group of juve-
niles, and they showed him where the cat was
roostin in a crotch formed by two limbs. Bob
knew at it was useless to try and entice the
animal to come down, so it was up to him to go
up and get her if he could. Before essaying the
feat he persuaded one of the boys to run up to
the boarding‘-house and tell Miss Faucit that he
had located her Maltesegin a tree down the block.
He knew that would fetch her to -the scene. Bob
was an active lad, and he was soon up among
the lower limbs.

The.cat, regarding him’ as an enemy, started
to go higher. By the time Bob reached the crotch
where she had been sitting she was beyond his
reach, and it wasn’t safe for him to venture any
higher. He called to the cat in a friendly way,
but the animal took no stock in his kind inten-
tions, and maintained its distance on a limb that
threatened to break under her at any momait.

“It is no go," thollzht Bob. “I might better
not have come u here.” ,

Ashespoke iseyesrestedonthecrotchd

-. -_.~2iéu

  
  

 

thttree. There, encircling a stout wig, was a
gold ring with a large diamond set in it. _
“Gracious!” he exclaimed. “I wonder how that

got up here?"
‘He detached it and examined it closely. The
' afternoon sunshine, ﬁltering" through the spring

5‘ leaves, ﬂashed and scintillated from the facets of
 the stone, till it seemed to glow with living ﬁre.

."That’s a dandy diamond all right” Somebody
has mourned its oss I’ll bet a hat. This seems
to’ be a case where ﬁndings is keepings. At any
rate nobody but the owner has a better right to it
- than me, and the chances that the owner will
 ever turn up are mighty slight. Somebody must
 . have either dropped it out of an upper window

‘ of the house in front of the tree or else it was
ﬂung up in the air and fall where I found it.” '

He put the ring in his vest pocket and made
his wati down in time to see Miss Faucit coming
down e street lit a rapid walk.

“Your cat is up on the top limbs,” he told her
when she came up.

“Joe, Joe, Joe,’ called the old maid.

The Maltese recognized her voice and turned
to descend when the bough snapped short oil’ and
she came shooting through the tree toward the
cobblestones. .

- “She'll be killed,” screamed hiiss Faucit,
greatly excited. ”

Bob, however, sprang into the street and caught
the animal in his arms. The cat mee-owed and
started toﬁght, but the old ‘maid rushed up and
seized her with a loving embrace.‘

“You saved my Joe," Miss Faucit said to Bob.
as atefully as though he had rescued some
chi from imminent peril. “I shall never forget
what I owe you."

_“You are quite welcome, Miss Faucit," replied
ills boy’, smiling. “Shall I escort you back to the

once.

 

The spinster availed herself of his polite offer,
andhpresently bore her favorite in triumph into
ouse.

Bob left her at her door and went on up to hit

’ own room. He sat down at his window and took
a closer look at his valuable ﬁnd. The diamond
was'evidently, even to his ‘inexperienced eye, a
stone of considerable value.

He decided to tell nobody in the house, except
possibly Miss Faucit, about ﬁnding the ring in
the tree. It was really nobody’s business but his
own. He locked it up in his small trunk and‘an
hour later went down to supper.

CHAPTER VI.—Bob’s _Bucket Shop Experience.

¢ . ' .
Next morni Bob carried the ring down with
him and show it to Mr. Hatch when he came in.
“That's a valuable stone," said the broker, after
‘ looking at it closely. “It easily cost $1,000.
2 Where did you get it?”
Bob told him about the cat. incident and hpw
ah“ found the ring‘ around a twig halfway up
‘You've very fortunate. What are you, goiigs
todowifgi it? Itisrsalbtoovaluablefory

V to-wear . had an th t of doiil so."
i ‘»‘ltntnI‘;‘ohave it? ‘did!!! 9% cell it.’
5 2

" or

T “OLD MYSTERY,”

,., ...».r:»..,-

 

 

 

 

V 1* iii ~
“I will buy it 2 _ 1 win - so 33
to a Maiden Lal'lr:n(lll)8’T°1l.1()lld merc ll::t.yOnHae digit]?
?t"€’:§‘}§i:.::s.  I W" we M wows:
‘ right, sir,” replied Bob, delighted gt um‘
t .t . _ _ - _,_  ,
§.*2§’,2:.::; ¥..i3..‘.‘“"°S° °* ‘"5 M at 8 ms 
' e took th t (1 «wt 1, e * 
or two later.e nigh‘: aill1er‘ch:ntl:di:al!lilal3iw;3llleersatlo‘ﬁl:n:§ -
§1.500,_\\'P0te that price on one of his letter  '
ll§%'Hs;.g::‘1.%.‘:: i:*';:.Ez.*:l.““ 3°» W if we
..T~*e.::.::ek;;:»::;::.°:;e:: i§.’l..*““‘ mm» ""‘v’i“"“.:‘«
ringhank you, sir, said the boy, handing him tin
The broker slipped it on one of his , .'q‘nQ
regarded it with much. camp cy   _
senger left the room.! Bob hi; 
fore the bank clmed, getting three $600’ 
he looked at them with gm:   
“l am now in a itioii to duwhnt rig bees!“
aching to_get aroun for a_ whole  gﬁdvtjgt, 3;
go do 1:; little speculation on the side,‘ he “id 3;
mac . ,  ' » -
At the time of our story bqckqn gh ;
numerous and popular than they new‘ 
Offered 811315118 Qpoﬂimitles to the small specu-
lator to risk his money on market quotations, but
as the proprietors played their ‘game with loaded

 

-di¢8. 80 to speak, the small speculator generally

came out at the small end of the born. The only
thing he gained in them as a rule was experience,
and he paid cash for it.

These shops opened at nine in the morning and
kept open, some of them, till half-past four or
ﬁve so as to catch the messenger boys who got oﬂ
early, and others who could not reach them during
the hours the Exchange was open. Legitimate
speculative operations on the stock market involve
the outright purchase or sale of stocks and the
payment of full market prices. The seller.inust
actually own the stock beiore he can sell it and
must actually transfer it when he has mad; the
sale. This required the expenditure of pore ready"
money than small speculators had at their com.
mandrso marginal speculation-was invented for
the presumed benefit of those who had a very
llmi_ capital to risk, and bucket shops made 2”‘
Specialty of marginal operations. A marginal '
deal» evsn when put through a reliable brokerage ‘
house, is always a risky speculation, but put
thmutl} 1! bucket sh is-—well, the diﬁerence is
much like playing or with friends, using ..
l1°n°$t. pack of cards, on the one hand, and play.
mg with professional card sharpen who gt“);
thgicards. and resort _to every kind of crooked“
°lt'lh¢er't0 secure possession of your  on Q“ ..
Bob. unfortunately had known some of’
friends to make money out ofbuclnst sh:
Boston, and he had to. slum.
example. Lack of 
making the
{mad himss ,

n i to purest 
Yorknguckat, V

 
 
  
   
   

  
     
     
 
 
  
    
 
 
    
     

  

 

   
  
  

 

 crowded with customers looking at a big

blackboard which was covered with quotations
representing operations of that day on the Stock

“Hello, Young Mystery,” said a voice at his
elbow, “what brings you _m here?”

Bob turned and recognized the messenger who
had worked for Mr. Batch for a short time.

“What: brings you in here?” replied Bob, Yan-I

kee fasluon. _ - _
“What do u suppose? To cash in my chips,
sonny. I am ong on ten shares of Union Pacific.
It's gone u five points. That's good enough for
me. I ah I gather in ﬁfty-plunks less commis-
sions. That's as much as six weeks’ wages. I
shall treat myself to a show tonight, and a ‘swell
supper of steak and onions. Say, are you in on
anything?"
“No, this is myﬁrstvisit here,” replied Bob.
“Looking! for something worth_tackling, I sup-
W ,Icangiveyouatip,buy B.&0.
t’s a sure winner.”
“Going to buy that yourself?” _
“I should smile. I never let anything good get
away from me.” _
“How do you know it's a winner?”
“Heard my boss tell one of his best customers
to in on it, and hebought 1,000 shares."
Then I guess it's pretty good.”
“Bet your life it is.”
Bob said he'd consider it, and when his com-
panion went up to an opening in the wire fence

—to close his account at a proﬁt, he walked around

the room much interested in what he saw there.

After watching the board, and noting that B.
& 0. had advanced that day three points, he
walked up to a window and said to the clerk
that lie’d like to buy some B. & 0.

“How many shares?” asked the clerk, drawing
a printed s_lip an which the word “Buy” stood 4 ut
very prominen y.

“One hundred,” replied Bob.

"Three or ﬁve per cent. margin?”

f‘II‘ive per cent.”

"You’ll‘have to put up $500 deposit,” he said.

“All right,” answered Bob, “here is the money,”
and he handed out one of his big bills.

The clerk took it, ﬁlled out the date line on the
paper and then on a line iindei(',neath the printing
inserted the words “100 B. & .’

Underneath that and to one side he placed a
number and pushing the paper toward Bob told
him to sign it. The boy did so and that com-

the transaction. Bob knew that when his
employer put through a deal of this, kind for 100
or more shares for a customer he bought the stock
and held it, advancing the ninety per cent. of its
purchase price, and charging interest on the
money. Consecixnﬂy he supposed that the pro-
prietors of the cket shop operated on the same
principle. But, they didn’t. Their business was
simplalbetting upon ﬂuctuations in market rices.

In e courseof ﬂieirdeals theydid not uy or

Jellashareofstock. Theymerelybetagainstthe

money their customers put up. If luck ran the
customer's way they returned him his deposit,
’ proﬁt, less a small commission and with-

i
E

7'7’ V _ hiniinterestonthebalancesupposed

. E

to cover deﬁciency between the

*'%—sadtlIe1IIllvalueo£thestockdeeltin

 

 

’.,  "OLD MYSTERY-,” THE BROKER

If luck went against the customer, which nine.

times out of ten it did, owing to diverse tricks
practiced by them, they added his deposit to their
bank account. Had Bob dreamed of what he was
up against he never would have entered that
bucket shop or any other; but he didn't know, and
left with high hopes that in a day or two he
would double his $500 deposit.

He bought 100 shares at the market price of
110. A drop to a triﬂe below 106 would wipe him
out on a five per cent. basis. Had he gone in on

‘ the narrower margin he would have taken a more

desperate risk, but his deposit would have been
$200 less. Next da Bob watched the ticker in
his omce whenever e got a chance. At eleven
o'clock B. dz 0.. registered at 111, and he felt good.
It afterward went to 111%; At half-past one it
slumped to 106%. At ﬁve minutes of two several
quotations were registered on the tape, the ﬁrst
of which was 105%, while those that followed
were all above 106.

Although Bob didn't know that the ﬁrst was a
“wash” or fictitious sale, put through to steal his
$500 deposit, he realized with a sinking heart
that it meant he had been wiped out on his deal.

He supposed that the price had actually dropped
for a moment to that point. But it hadn’t. B. &

0. never actually went lower than 106% on tbe_

market that day, and had he operated through a
legitimate broker he would simply have been no-
tiﬁed to put up more margin, which he could have
done, and he would have saved himself. for B. «B
0. actually went up to 115 just before the Ex-
change closed.

Bob went around to the bucket shop _to make
sure that his deal had gone up. He was informed
Shat he hag ylzeen sold out, as the price had gone

own to 1 .

“There was only one quotation at that ﬁgure,"
said Bob. “All others were above 106. When
was I sold out?”

The margin clerk said he had no time to enter
into any explanations. All he knew was that
Bob's deal had been reported to him as closed at
105%. Bob ‘retired to a seat beside a shabby-
looking old man who was scanning the day’s
results on the blackboard. '

“Lost your money, have you, my lad?"

“I should say I had,” growled Bob. “Cleaned
out of $500 inside of twenty-four hours.”

“That's a considerable sum for a boy like you
to lose.”

“Yes, it's quite a bunch."

33E"‘£‘o"‘°°1“i.I’.'°’i“‘. V2“ "‘§‘:‘.§“°“ ‘“f£'o

. . ug t i yes ay at .”

“And you lost? Why, I see it is quoted at 115."

“I know it. That is what makes me mad. It
slumped to around 106 early this afternoon.
About two o'clock a single sale was made at 105%
which wiped out my ma in. I could have put up
additional money had-I n called on to do so,
and then I would have come out all right, with
a good proﬁt to boot. It may  all right, but I
don't like the looks of the thing Just the same."

“It isn't all right, as I know from bitter ex-
perience,” replied the old man. “These bucket
shops are not run on the square. If you will
speculate keep awa from them. _Go to a legiti-
mate broker. Or ' you are obli to deal in
fractional lots for lack of capital can refer you

O

> S

 

.~:v’_ «';~i»v...'.£v":‘:~...i;;.i'.'4f-‘ ‘ " 

  

 
  

to a little. bank in Nassau Street. You can buy
as low. as live shares of any stock there on a ﬁve
cent. margin, but you will get a square deal.
would advise you never to put up less than ten
per cent. deposit on any deal, and never to put up
all your money atone time. I am givin you
advice I should have followed myself but idn’t,
that's why I am broke to-day--a victim of the
bucket shops.”

Bob became interested in the old man and had
quite a talk with him, with the result that he re-
solved never to deal in a bucket shop again. And
he kept his resolution.

-. i ,' .

CHAPTER VII.-_-Eunice Hatch ‘calls at the
' — Omce.

He took a street car up Broadway that after-
noon and on the way read the Wall Street news
in his paper. Among other items there was a
paragia h which said that it was rumored that
Adam atch, otherwise known as “Old Mystery,”
was interested in some big deal which when pulled
oil’ would make the traders sit up and take notice.

The editor said that any rumor connecting “Old
Mystery” with a deal of any kind must be taken
with a grain of salt, as the old man's methods
were too deep and mysterious for the Street to
fathom. T

"I don't see anything particularly mysterious
about Mr. Hatch,” thought Bob, after reading
the paragraph. “I've been working for him a
week now, and he seems like any other elderly
broker." ’

Bob, however, ere long had reason to change
his mind on the subject, and then he acknowl-
edged that his boss dese the title that had
been bestowed on him. though Bob still had
$1,000 left of the money he received from the sale
of the diamond ring he found he felt sore
for a week over the loss he had sustain at the
bucket shop. It was chieﬂy the knowledge that
he had been skinned out of his money that made
him feel disgruntled. He told Will Nelson about
his hard luck. ’

“I could have told you what you'd be up against
in partonizing that shop,” replied his friend.
“That quotation of 105% was no doubt a wash
sale engineered through a confederate at the Ex-
change for the‘ purpose of wiping out all the B.
& 0. ators, for the proprietors of the shop
proha y foresaw that the stock was likely to
advance, as it really did. That's a regular bucket
sho trick, and a mean one at that; but there is
n ing too crooked for those chaps to put through
to swindle their customers. They are continually
being shown up in the papers, but they seem to
ﬂourish just the same. They are thorns in the
side of the Stock Exchange. The board of gov-
ernors tried to cripple them by cutting off their
wires‘ to the Exchange. but it didn't do much
good, for they manage to secure the quotations
in some way just as before." . i

“Well, I'm throoghavith them for good,” said

-"Thenexttime_Iwaii‘ttospewlateI’m
:0 patrenise the little bank on Nassau

rwodmiacuaosieuuaéngooahuthority

‘ .

-«om Mi?s'r1«iizY,”  °Bii'oKE1'i’ , ii"

that a syndicate of brokers had been formed  .-g

boomA.&C.shares.,Thestockwas.rulingat~_~

90, which was low for it. The tip was such»:
good one that he ‘determined to go the whole hog
on it. So he visited the little bank and bougit .
100 shares on a ten per cent margin. Two days
afterward the price slumped down to 85, and Bob ,_
began to have visions of another wipe out. It
recovered, however, on the following day and went ,
to 89. Then it fell to 84%, and he experienced‘
anot.her.s_hock. He knew he couldn't meet a call.
for additional maigin, and he was beginning to --
look upon himself as a most unfortunate spe'cu- .'
lator when it went up again. This time it wenty
above 90. During the next few days it continued ~
to advance till it reached 98. Then it/tookxgu
sudden Jump that showed the expected boom was 1,
on. Bob did not sell till it reached 110%, and
then he got out at a proﬁt of $2,000, which success
vénpzdoout the soreness of his first disaster in,
With a certificate of deposit in the little bank
for $3,000 life looked much brighter to the young
messenger. On t_he_day_ after he settled with the '
hank Bob ‘was sitting in his chair in'the oﬁce
When. to_ his surprise and pleasure, Eunice Hatch
waarllgdd tigito thehoﬂice. He Jumped up and ad-
v mee er.
“I’m awfully glad to see u, Miss Hatch "
said, oifering his hand. yo ’ he
“  pleasure is mutual, Mr. Granger,” die _
rep .
“Called to see your father, I‘suppose," he said.
“How do you know but I called to see you?"
she repied, demurely.
“That would be too much for me to expect."
“Indeed?” she replied, archly.
“I am only your father's oﬂice boy, you know.”
haglge told me you were the best one he ever,
“Did he really? That is quite a complimen ”
“Oh, I think you deserve it.”
“Thank you for saying so. I appreciate your
commendation even more than your father’s.”
“Dear me, why should you?” ’
“Because you are the nicest girl I ever met.”
“Now you are trying to ‘flatter me,” she re-
plied with a vivid blush. -
“It would be impossible for me to ﬂatter you in
thattyrespecttéo "You are a nice girl and a very
pre one, .
“You really mustn’t talk that way to me,” die '
said, blushing again. I
“I always like to tell the truth. I wish I could
have the pleasure of meeting you oftener." .
jolrlgally, Mr. Granger, you seem tq be a gag .
I . ' r !
“.I assure you I am not; but to change the '
subject may I ask if you have been annoyed by -
those boys of your neighborhood since I had the ir
Pgeaslalée  you from their too pointed:-’
a n n. ,- '
“Yes, they are still insulting in their rennrh. -
but they have shown no further disposition to

attack me. - .
‘Tdliketoroundthebunchupandtaaolithcl
a lesson in politeneas."_  -

 

  

 

».c »i If?

   
 

' _for' myself. Would you have any objection to me

' calling on you some Sunday afternoon?”

‘ “I should be delighted to have you do .so. but
lather objects to me entertaining visitors.”

“I suppose that settles it, then?” said Bob,
much disappointed.

* “Well, if you will call some Sunday about three,
and let me know beforehand that you are coming,
I‘ will be at the gate waiting for you and we can
take a walk together.”

“I should like that very much indeed," said
Bob, eagerly. “How will next Sunday do if the
weather is clear?”

“tgeryﬂwell; I will look for you next Sunday

at ree- \
' ; “I will be there to the minute."
2 ‘ “Now, if ‘my father is in will you walk in and

ﬁll him I am here 1"

1”)’ ,“With pleasure.” -“‘
. ,?Bob.knocked on the door, and being told to
either he informed Mr. Hatch that his daughter

was in the reception-room. ,

; “Show her in,” replied the broker, and Bob did.

_ Eunice stayed ‘about ﬁve minutes. When she
came out she bade Bob good-by and departed.

. “She's all to the good,” he said to himself,
closinfg the door after her. »

I. A ew minutes afterward Mr. Hatch rang his
bell and 'Bob,went in to see what he wanted.

._ “Take this note to the Exchange and deliver it
to Mr. Blumstein,” said the broker. _

'¢Bob put his hat on and skipped out. At the
corner of Wall and Broad streets four well-
dressed men were talking. As Bob passed them
he heard one of them utter the words “Old Mys-
tery.” ~

“They're talking about my boss,” said Bob.

"_-He recognized two of them as well-known bro-
lters. The other two he did not identify. He
passed on and entered the Exchange where he
delivered his note. There was no answer, so he
started. back at once. The four men were still
talking at the corner of Broad Street. An auto-
'mobile coming up the street was blocked by an
express wag: and a cab, so Bob stopped close
to the gent en while waiting for a chance to
git across. They did not notice his presence and

overheard _a part of their conversation.
“From the information I have managed to pick
ap,"~ said one of the brokers, “I am certain Old

Hydery is working for some pool that is aiming
tp corner D. & L. We can block him b quietly

* buying up all the stock we can ﬁnd ourse ves, and
theﬁmant the proper moment, we'll surprise him
by ping our holdings on the market. That

‘ will send him and his syndicate up Salt Creek,

:.~ thus we'll secure the revenge we've been look-

after for months." . ~

‘ “’ﬂnt'I what we'll do,” replied one of the

jtnrae men. “I'll put a million into the scheme.”
.. “up will I,” said the other man that Bob didn’t

“spaueerandlwillputinhslfamillioneach.

 
 
 
 
   
  
   

*'A":,‘.a£mrbacliweare sureto tusnthe tric " said
  at oncefor we have no.,time
’- I 8peneer.!‘We_‘wi1lhoId.aupeeting

   

  
 

  thnee-millions and the Wall.Street‘National _

‘ .

 

«oLn’ MYSTERY,” THE BROKER

all the details. In the meanwhile Hanson and I
will go right ahead and buy right and left.”

“That’s right,” said the man who said he would
advance the first million. “We will consider the
matter settled. Jason and I will be at your oﬁce
at four.”

“All right, Mr. Conway,” said Spencer.
let’s go and take a drink.” -

The four men moved off, and the way being
clear Bob, his mind full of what he had over-
heard, crossed the street and hurried back to his
oﬂice. He walked into Mr. Hatch’s room.

f‘dThere was no answer to your note, sir,” he
sai .

“I didn't expect any,” replied the broker curtly.

“I’ve got something of importance to tell you,
Mr. Hatch,” said Bob.

_“What is it?” asked Old Mystery, looking at
him curiously.

Then Bob told him how he had seen brokers
Spencer‘ and Hanson talking to two men, whose
names appeared to be Jason and Conway, on the
corner of Broad Street. He detailed all he had

“Now

' heard the men say and Mr. Hatch listened atten-

tive] and with evident interest. When Bob had
conc uded he said: .

“Young man, you have done me a great favor,
and I sha’n’t forget it. I need scarcely tell you
to say nothing to anybody about what you have
learned. Your interest is first, last and always
connected with your employer, and a carelessly
dropped word might result in ﬁnancial disaster
to me at any time. I believe I can thoroughly
depend on you, and you won't find me ungrateful.
That is all.” -

Mr. Hatch turned to his desk, after telling Bob
to send Caleb Newton in to him, and the young
messenger went outside to tell the bookkeeper he
was wanted. '

..3__

cHA15'r3R VIII.——I-Iow Bob Shadows a Man.

A day or two after Eunice Hatch’s visit to her
father's oﬂlce, Bob noticed that there was a good
deal of business being done in D. & L. at the
Exchange. *

“I guess those entlemen who expect to do my
boss up are wor ing hard to get all the stock
they can find; but as Mr. Hatch is on to their
scheme I fancy threxi will get left. I don't believe
he's a man to mo ey with. If I were a broker
I wouldn’t want to buck against him. He's pretty
deep, like still water. No one can tell what’s
going on in his head. The longer I‘ know him
the more foxy he looks to me. I wouldn't be sur-
prised at anything he might do; but whatever he
does will be done on the quiet. In my opinion he's
a dangerous man. He looks it from the top of his
head down to his shoe leather.” ' - -

Another thing that Bob noticed at the Ex-
change, and which interested him greatl , was
that a certain broker named Esterb was
buying up M. & N. whenever it was offered to
him. ‘He was constantly around the pole of the
stock making bids at a slight advance on the
market price. This had the eﬁect of bringing out
a good many shares, and at‘the sametime caused
the price to advance a little _at a time. In the
course of the ‘day in question the 

h

  

- and she felt secretlyp

 

“OLD MYSTERY,” THE BROKER

 that it had gone up three points since the

. Bob was of the opinion that there would be
something doing in the stock pretty soon. 9-13d he
determined to take a chance on it. Accordingly
after he got through for the day he went to the
little‘ bank, which kept its brokerage department
open till four o'clock, and ordered 200 shares of
M. & N. bought for his account on the usual

’ . margin.

H t d 't f 000 th deal.
sex? J2‘; i.‘é":.?ma°%’i?Zi ui’. ﬁt h..3“bou§n the
stock at the closing price of the Exchange. Whlch
was 82. By that tune it had gone up_ another
point. D. & L. was also steadily rising, and
when Bob made the ﬁrst"visit to the_ Exchange
that morning he noticed that Spencer and Han-
son were taking in all they were oﬂered.

- He reported the fact to Mr. Hatch when he got
back to the oﬂice, and the broker 'nned.
“Somebody is in for trouble, thought Bob,
when he returned to his chair, “and it looks to
. me as if the four men who expect to do Mr. Hatch

u are the ones who are going to corral loads
. Jit. I ma have saved my ‘boss from that trap,
who knows. At any rate he told me I had done
him a eat favor, and that he wouldn't forget
it. Well: there's nothing like standing well with
one’: boss, especiall when he's the father of
such a nice young y as Miss Eunice. That
reminds me that to-moi-row.will be Sunday, and
I have a date with her at three."

When the Exchange closed at noon that day
1,1, 5 N, W" going at 33%, which put Bob about
$300 ahead on his deal.

“'l‘hat’s what I call making easy mone)‘I‘.” he
- said, as he turned away from the ticker. Here

I've been running in legs of! for a whole week

for 88, while a sin investment in a good stock
. has earned me $300 without an? €30", 031 m
I made no mistake in coming in 

Bad I remained in Boﬂton , WON :
have found that diamond ring. And If I hadnf
found the diamond ring I wouldn’t be able to
make money out of the market for some time to
.1 must have changed my luck ‘comma to

N Y rk.’

eI\’yz-oiiiptly at three o’clock next day Bob, arrayed
in his best togs, with a brand new tie and a small
boutonniere attached to the la 1 of his coat. 3?‘
peered in front of the iron ence that enclosed

V the brounds and house of “Old M :7." as Bob
had got into the habit of calling is 5058 00. 31°
- qniﬁiniee was waiting for him at the gate. 000015‘
in to her promise, and they walked oil’ together.
. e wag drggggd in afprctty gown and hat, and

Bob thou ht tfte looked un zs lgilz-”°At

rou

my nu 8 very lzgeedﬂtﬁohavg sutlzlh a 8
- youn w or er com-

W §"l‘dh "algae a- cguple of hours walking

' shout Rosevlﬁe. Which ii I PMW “W9 “W?”-
sndthenthoyreturnedtothehonse.

nu, approached theiiizh iron fence a map.

Bob had noticed Desi-1118 th 11 the ml-

turned gm eorncril

.-

st them ~
. its hurried lcindpt gay. :
3*’ ' ‘   ‘man’: .

 

 

ation. He stood talkin' gw-ith Eunice forpczy
hhps ten minutes, then bade her -by and 
started for the next corner. He loo back as . 

he was in the act of turning in and saw the same
man, who had evidently w ked around the block.
coming down the street. .

Bob stopped and watched him. When he came ‘ 
to the fence in front of “Old Mystery’s” place‘ ' 1-

he stopped, looked fnrtively around and stop’%§,\,_ 

 

there in about the same spot he ‘hadoccu
previously. , 5

“He’s up~to something," thought Bob. «“I’pi «. f,
going to keep my eye on im.” ' " i-,i_

ten minutes and then started dowly for the con

ner where Bob stood. Bob cut across and moved
down the cross street in a sagtéering w , ?
inafewminutesthemanc  sq
turned into the same street and ’
the trolley tracks. Bob let him get a little ‘
ahead and then kept tab on him. He
aboard a car btnind for Newark ‘and J

and Bob by sprinti!l8.‘¢§ught the lime
remai on the plsttorm. 'l‘he».nian
the way to Jersey City and sodid Bob.
the Cortlandt Street ferryhoa and
Bob as well as the Desbrosses
the boat made fast to her slip the
up Cortlandt Street and Bob tagged
him. The boy followed him up ,
across City Hall Park to the elevated'station of
the Third Avenue line. Both
igptown, and

treet station Bob got oﬂ, too.

“I wonder where this chase is leading me to!”
soliloquized the young messen . “Maybe I'm
on a wildgooee chase after al .”

The man led him to the block on 653d Street, be-
tween Madison and Fifth Avenues, which was
lined with swell brownstone front residences.

He walked up the steps _ot a particular one,

thebcllandwas . Bob n_oted’the
mm 2- as he passed the house and continued on
to Fifth Avenue. He stood on the corner and
began to wonder who lived in that house. While
he stood there he saw the man come out of the
house accompanied by a gentleman in a silk hat.
They came tmvard him, and as they passed him
Bob looked narrowly at the man's companion.
He recognized him as Broker Spencer.

“Looks to me as if Spencer sent this man out
to Mr. Hatch’s house for some purpose. I think
I'll follow them and see where th
for,” said Bob to himself.

It was growing dark b this time. and Bob "
ured that he would miss’ is supper at the boa
ing~house it he didn’t hustle down there. 5 V: i

“What's the odds?" he muttered.‘ “There an.
plentlymof restaurants open in town on 
and interested in this -thing” ‘mi pA”.“T_

4
r- . 3

5§§ S3
Eiiigii. i

§}
§
§
3
5

  
  
 
   

He shadowed 8 ~ and his_
swell house on avenue which -- _  .~ .
After a few minutes Bolfs  - V
to runup the the  ~ .

    

  

      
  
 
 
 

  

  

. I

  
  

 

514

,;.Ha_tch oil’ to the matter. Maybe he'll ﬁnd some-
thing ‘ ' cant‘ in it." ‘
_- .As Bob rushed, down the steps a small, old
._wi_zened‘man ‘came briskly down the street and
;slowed up as he drew near the house. The gas
‘opposite thehouse ﬂashd brightly on Bcb’s face
_;as he stepped on the sidewalk and then hurried
‘down the avenue. .
_ "Huh!" muttered the little wizened man. “Bob
Granger, and in that house! Mr. Hatch must
know about this. I never did trust the boy. He
,.looked altogether too smart to suit me. He has
jevidently been bribed by the Conway clique. It is
;'lucky I found this out. It will never do to havea
Qtraitor in the camp. No, no; he is dangerous to
‘out interests and must go, like the other-‘. before
 They'll never catch Old [Mystery napping.
.- They may watcli him as much as they please_ and
win over our oﬂice boys, but they'll never got the
’ best of him. Never—never!”
, The little _old man chuckled and rubbed his
_ skinn hands one over the other as if pleased at

‘uL‘>'\»-n

so .
As he passed slowly under the, lamp the li ht,

ﬂashed for a moment on his aged and wrink ed
countenance and it revealed the face of Caleb
Newton, Mr. Hatch’s head bookkeeper and con-
ﬁdential clerk. ‘ .

 

‘cn.A1>'rEn IX.-—In Which Bob is Up Against It.

Q -' Next morning when Newton entered the oﬁice a
,few minutis after Bob's arrival he gave the boy
loo .

“What in thunderis the matter with the old
man this morning?" thought Bob. “He looked at

. one as savagely as though I had done him a mor-
, .tal injury. He must have got out on the wrong
side of the bed, or ate something for breakfast
that ' with him. He’s a suspicious old
rooster, anyway. He's never taken a fancy for
me from the start, and is always watching me

 if hefeared I'd walk off with the ticker or

some property belonging to the boss. It’s about
time he retired on a pension, for he’s old enough
-,-to quit work for good. people, however,
never know when they have seen their best days.
I'll bet Newton won.’t quit till he’s carried oil’ in
an ambulance" .
It was about time for Mr. Hatch to show up
_when Newton called Bob to his desk. _
, “nloedyou know where No. 1 Broadway is?” he
- “I t to,” replied Bob.
-1 “W take this note down there. You'll ﬁnd
on the twelfth ﬂoor. Get an answer.

~ the party
Ilnderstandz." gla_redBt‘l’1‘-)3 head bookkeeper.

up III another. Bob didn't see him and hurried
out of the  When Old Mystery walked

Ho ranained closeted with the broker some little
and whenhe came out a lookof malicious
,’ qlarkledin ' es. Hewenttohis
ry little while he
rub his hands together‘ antfchncklli

' said.

.“0LD MYSTER ,”' THE BROKER

twelfth ﬂoor. Thenhe looked for the name that
was written on the envelope. But he looked in
vain, though he examined every door on the door.
“Mr. ‘Newton made a mistake in the ﬂoor,” he
“I wish I’d looked at the directory before I
started up, but I took it for granted that the
bookkeeper was right in his direction. I will have
to ask one of the elevator men to put me right."
He connected with a down cage.

“What ﬂoor is this man on?” Bob asked him,‘

showing him the envelope.

“Jordan,” read the man. “Dcn’t know him.
Lo_ok_on the directory downstairs. If he’s in this
building he must be a new tenant.”

So Bob went down to the ground ﬂoor and con-
sulted the directory. Jordan s name wasn't on it.

“That’s unny,” thought Bob.

He ask the man in charge of the elevators
who _was supposed to know all the tenants of the
building.

“He hasn't got an office in this building," was
the reply.

“Our bookkeeper told me that he was on the
twelfth ﬂoor of No. 1 Broadway,” said Bob.

“Well, I don't know anything about him. May-
be he’s got desk room in one of the oﬂices.”

“In that_case his name ought to be on one of
the doors in small letters, and on the di
as well, else how is any one to locate him?"

“Did ‘you look at all the doors on that ﬂoor?"

‘'1 d1 .” -

“Sorry, _but I can't help you out.”

Bob ecided to go up and try the thirteenth
ﬂoor. e failed to find “Jordan” on any door.
Then he went down below to the eleventh ﬂoor,
without any result.

Having wasted thnee-quarters of an hour un-
availingly he gave it up and took the note back
to the oﬁce.

“That man isn’t in No. 1 Broadway,” he said to
Newton.. .

The conﬁdential clerk glared at him and
snatched the envelope. »

f:iMr. Hatch wants to see you in his room," he
sax .

As soon as Bob's back was turned he tore up
the note and threw the pieces into the waste
basket. He had sent the boy on a fake errand
to get him out of the way before the broker came
in-—-on'e ‘of his tricks.

“You wanted’ to see me, Mr. Hatch?” said Bob.
when he walked into the private iﬁoe.

“Sit down,” said the broker, curtly. “Now,
young man, I want .to know what business took
you (:3, Mr. Conway’: house late yesterday after-
noon.

“Mr. Conwafs house!" exclaimed Bob in sur-
prise. “How id _ know I was there?”

“Never mind at. I know everyth'

tint
happens in my cu. m not l
busin I’ cal ed 575 ’

tery _ for nothing."
The broker ﬁx-i1:med malevolently.

“Maybe you now all I had to tell you then.’
replied Bob. _ .

“Probably I do, but I'll hear what have b
so foryounelf. Youknowwhatl youwhcn

I’ iredyou-—tlutyoumustconsidermyintIrod

thesunensyourown. Thatwasthemameu-
di,tlononwhiobyuuworetorcmaininmy£co."

"Wol1.sir.roIhovn’tfoundneamiaom&

 

 , -nu’:

  

 

“QLD MYSTERY." THE BROKER '

15
*.'.*:°f..:;:::*:;:; Esme 1‘-i::,:.:i::: :::::°i..'**.*i

=-....i*°°'-...:..:*:';.*..*"= *"!°:'."s°“i  
‘ your in r a ways in
“I will concedehthat, but it was before 70“
' ta ' .
 t:o§?:t§m]§i:’tI%,.tion?ch I gon’;;heiiiinderstand
, ni .
y°‘?(’)l:ryoured’oh’t?" sneggd 0?: Mystery. with 3
oulish look. “You think I don't know that 0“
ve sold yourself to my business enemies; 019
I know all about it" . ” 1.
“If you do you know more than I do, rep led

'“\}ei-y- likely. I have sources of information

that h staggered a good min? D°0P1°- ,1 3"?‘
may??? know the name I'm called by in the

“You mean Old Mystei'y'.”' _ _ , ’

“Precisely. It's not very polite but it is sug-
gestive of the way I do business when I'm Open“-
ing on-—but no matter. You haven't answered
mi qnestiondjwliaftwtook you to ill‘. C0nW8Y’S
house yester y a moon.

“That's easily explained.” _

“I'm glad to hear it," replied the broker.

ériuips know that I aid a visit_to your
house este y afternoon an went walking with
your inughter.’-' _
“Oh, you did?" said Mr. Hatch, who was not
aware of the fact. ’
"I did. I met her at three _o clock at the - tef
 we walked around Roseville tor a coup e o
a‘?I!:lsi'd you meet her by accident or appointm§nt?"
“By appointment. On our return to the Oltlﬁe
1 saw a well-dressed man peering through. 6
bars ‘of the fence at lyour house. ._ _ _
uwall, gghalt lias’al thi to do with your visit
to Co wa s ouse.' I
“Ei'°mh%:,*.¢»;-*"=.;.'°*:.‘.."‘:}’.;.."“-° “'a:;i.':::t
§’."r.§';i‘.’°3f.’i‘i..a Slay. the 33 and then
camebacktoth;fencO;eI88m-__ Iwatched
ucmddeﬁng ' 1; ions suspicious _
him, and when hue‘ ﬁnally left I followed him,"

.-wentontheboY

I eeived about my moveméntl

d'h h had shadowed the man
toBa°tf‘in:hhr¢l>u::l on ‘(yd Setreet which he entered.
“He came out in a short time accompanied by a
gentleman I ' as Broker Spencer. It
at once occurred to me that Mr. Spencer had sent
553; to wutgh your house for some re8_90n- I fol-
joyed then: u Fifth Avenue to a residence near
69th Street. en they went in the house I was
eui-iousto learn who lived there, sol rain: the
steps and looked at the doo!'P13t¢- I f°‘“‘ the
name was Conway. As I thought I had learned
gnaugli to put you on your Zllﬂtd I-8313“ 3°!“
.;‘°‘‘;.,..‘'‘‘‘’., i$°“'f-”“€l‘;i?.‘.'; 33’ do you up in D & L I
w o a e _ _ - -
' ve up further invest: tion and started down-
g-n,ﬂowyou]{now_ Icai_netobeatMr.
0onwsy’s house. If the information dayyou‘;1;V!_;o1;:
at I have last told

'hte-

"“°i.' in ‘:3 ~W:».*'°'"
is ii correc
mlllioh made his explanation «in ‘such a st

forward way that the broker began to ‘ante a.
 K lit in his niessengsi-’s favor.

  out of in. comm’: house.

had assured him that lie cw 32.5

9

X .
\

- " ~.- » . - . * 2‘ A‘ U’--.. “
i  -.~i§£li'._Irr‘.Lu.?.*.. .'.WLJ:E§.‘&2ii.§"i

 

the four men in the,

been convinced of his'messenger’s guilt, new
reasoned that his conﬁdential clerk might only
have seen Bob coming down the steps leading to
the stoop, which would tally with the ho a state-
Bob certainly showed no signs o guilt or
confusion, and that was also in his favor. It was
news to Old Mystery‘ to learn that an emissary
of the clique had gone to Roseville to watch the
house. If Bob's story was true, then the ‘expo-
sition bunch were up to some new wrinkle ich
it behooved the broker to guard himself against.

If the boy's statement was not true, but made ’

up to disai-in,sus icion, then ' new messuiger
was the most artlful liar he h ever had deal-
ings with. _

At any rate his daughter could inform him if
Bob had been in Roseville up to jive o'clock, and
she also must have seen the man the boy had re-
ferrgdh  suminiiiigj thexmatter ixain his
min e eci siispen udgment or pass-
ent, and dismissed Bob to his seat outside.

a

 

CHAPTER X.4—A Concealed Intruder.

When Bob returned to his chair outside and sat
down Newton, who never missed anything that
took place in the oﬂice, was surprised.

He had conﬁdently expected that the boy would
be summarily discharged. It was clear to him
that there was a hitch somewhere in the proceed-
ings. He couldn’t understand it and the matter
bothered him. After a while he figured out that
Mr. Hatch had some obiect in view in retaining
his messenger. Possibly- the
square himself, had 'ven him oi-iiiatioii that
,he considered valuab e, or he had arrtnged to
useliobasastoolpigeon. Atanyrate heknew
that his employer never took chances without be-
ing pretty‘ sure of his ground. Bob went about
his business that day as usual. but he did not f
tokeeptahonM.&N.inwhichhewasinte
ested. It went up something over a point, and
heﬁgsredthathecouldsellout,ifhewsntedte.
at a proﬁt of about 8600. However, he was in
no ho to sell_ out, as Broker Estabrook was
stillbuy gitonthe Exchange,andthatwasa
' that it ' ht be expected to go higher.

hen Mr. atch got home that eveningtlie
iii-st  he did was to interview his dau ter
about 's visit on Sunday afternoon. an she
corroborated the fact and also remembered see-
’ r looking through the fence into the
grounds. he had seen him move away at their
approach, but had no knowledge that lie retnnied.
or about Bob’: movements after ' from her
at the gate. Her statement. however, went a

we toward raestablishiiig the broker-‘s  '

in h. .

in order to-‘

  

  
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
 

 bank on Nassau Street, where he showed
 .interost£in the stock quotations of the day
-at teeorded on the blackboard.
‘Batch therefore strongly suslpeézted dtlilat
7  was paying t mar e _ an e
j ..  to that. For reasons he did not haul
 .310 120! over the coals about it, as he would ordi-
 " have done, and so Bob never dreamed that
I T,  a line on his speculative tendencies.
’   week wore on and M. & ‘N. went up to
A sand 3 traction. and Bob stood to wm §2,ooo
on his deal. There had been no real boom in the
' took so far, and Bob hesitated whether to cash in
1!-lwsor wait to see if the price took a. spurt. ‘
J. 'f‘1'hey say a bird in the hand is worth two in
 . ” soliloquized the young messenger. “_It
.,,§a quite possible that there may be no boom, in
whi_eh*'event it wouldzﬁ the part of‘ prudence to
,~  a slum ' w ich may happen at
armament.  I sold new and the price did
  points more I'd feel like kickin my-
"aeltiior in‘ want ‘of nerve in failing to ho] on."
Finally he decided to leave it to luck. He took

. -. . E’ of DOOIKGC.
3 “Head: lnigell, all: I don't." he’ said, tossing
up theooin. - I

It came heads. 7 g 1 _ .
“That ssttlssit Plliéllu" he 8814- .

He gave his order in at eleven o'clock, and ten
minutes later he was out of the market with a
proﬁt of $2.000. That made him worth $5,000,

d h {at rett good.
at ellondigy M? N. went to 94 and then sud-

On

0 he ei hties where it
  mp£:g  irliitfndts witﬁi himself, and
5* deeidedﬁiat he had done the wise thing when he
7” cashed in at a ten-point advance. aving no
. ’ further interest in the market for the present he
did not drop in at the‘little bank any more, 
do thetdettﬁegggﬁn 11: longer mentioned his
visits 0 a men .

Bob now n to wonder how the D. In L.
matter was go on. The price had gone up at
K . " hat, but lately I: had declined to a_ point that
  min a loss to somebody. If the clugue of four
 ',‘ ' suﬂered Bob Jud they had cap tal. en0}\‘lg£

 

 

   
  
 
  
 
  
 

moderate ‘sum that “0ld_ M
his 0 if he wasn’t_ doing  '
d nothing more to him about his visit to
‘ad am; :0 he concluded that the old man
eecep s .
He was still bain rzatched by the detective, but
didn‘t "know it. another week passed—the
iaurth since he overheard the four members of
 of their plan to do. up “pld
' _} _ry’’—and st: thelse zero no startling devel-

 
   
  
 

  

  
  
  

31 A  it was going on
 en ecrisiscainegthere
 to be aomethlngbdo‘ .

     
  
 
   
 

goecmsanoaoaeauk

. .  A i  MYSTERY.” THE BROKER
“Hello, Will. What do you know this morniﬁ "

' 1
“I know I'm alive for one thing,” laughed . ill.
"And I know that I'm two thousand cases better

off than I was this time last we " replied Bob,

°°*2%r°e*:.*-‘*1; ......-..,
e ic ens you say. spec

_again?”

;‘eThat’_s what I lﬁvc-é NI ,made the money on
a n-point rise in . .’

d i‘lYou _seem<tofblela plfunger. '£;n7o_st1liousatll11d

oarsisanawu otomoe ri in e
market, especially when it’s al?ouyt all you have.”
41°?’ ’ ’.‘i‘;‘i‘~’J‘“°‘1"°' *1’-"°° ‘1’i‘.§:°Si°"-°i.”§d“?.°1i"i

C 01' 3 1 0118 margin. I18 0

my money  should have been $1,000 better of,

‘but it’s against my policy to put all my eggs in

one basket.”

::$hen you’re worth $§,000 now?”

es, every cent 0 it. ’

“And when you came to New York a fe weeks
ago you wasn't worth anything to speakwof.”

;‘Th:._t’§ a factéh 11;” the; old maigs Maltese
cawiciat e mo niyuc ”

“It was certainly a remarkable thing that you
should find thaovaluable diamond rink in that
tree. Such a thing wouldn’t happen again in a
thousand years. I wonder how it got there?”

“I’ve_s culated on that, too. Some bird must
lhave pied ed itegﬁtathwindow sill where it was
yin an earn 1 ere.’

“ he only birds we have in the city are the
Efnglish spac1}'Irows._ lI"\"’e never accuse one of them
0 oing su a no .

f‘Well, it got into the tree somehow, that’s cer-
tain. ﬂlndfopnd it, and it has proved a mighty
uc y .

“ 0. change th sub ect ho are ttin
on with Old Myst:ry'."’j ' w you use ‘

“First rate; but not so well with the head
bookkeeper." .

“None of the messengers who held your job
ever got on with him. He's a big crank. His face
looks ike seven days of r“ iny weather. Your boss
must be lying, back on nis oars these days, for
the papers haven't much to say about him. A
month ago he was reported as being engaged in
some big deal, but I haven’t heard anything more
about it, ‘so I guess it was one of those fake
rumors that are alwa s circulating around the
Street. I'll bet half the things said about your
boss areseveral miles from the truth.”

“Very likely,” replied Bob, who had an idea
that the deal referred to was ‘the D. & L. one,
which was still on the hooks for all he knew to
the contrary.

“I wouldn't care ‘to work for a boss who had
such a queer nickn e as yours. And I don‘t
like his look eithe . Puts me in mind of one
of those deep villains‘ in a play or storybook. I
wouldn't be surprised if he created a big sensa-
tion in Wall Street one of these do ” -

“It won't be my funeral it be this," replied
Bob, as they stepped into one of_the elevators
which spwdil let them out on their ﬂoor.

Bobwas waystheﬁrsttoreachthe once,
though old Newton followed soon after him. He
gatheredu thelettersand papers thatt
man_had ov-ed througliaslit in the
earriedthein into the private :oo_in. As

3

' Been

aadlaidﬂi

 

.IIIl101|-

 

 i  "Th door was slightly ajar.
‘Something

 

‘_- t ed ‘he. heard a noise in the closet at the

" 'end of the room. He looked at the closet.

must have fallen down in it,” he

. add. walking over and throwing open the door.
' ‘ Cronchint in a comer, partly hidden by an
old, overcoat, was a red-headed boy.

"CHAPTER XI.—Bob Makes Another Haul in the

Market.

- For a moment Bob was too surprised to move.

' The red-headed intruder was also taken by sur-

prise. - ,
“What are you doing here?” Bob asked him.
“C0192 out of that and give an account of your-

self.

The red—headed boy jumped up and made a
dash to escape. Bob headed him oﬁ and they
arise together with a whack that sent them both
rolling on the ﬂoor. The intruder quickly scram-
bled on‘ his feet and dashed for the door. Bob
was after him like a shot.

_“Yon're not going to get away like that,” he

cried.
v The red-headed boy shot through the door iind
collided with old Newton, who had just entered
the waiting-room. They went  in a heap
"’«‘«‘a"°:“’.‘°-§°':a°°‘?“‘ 13".?’ "°.-*»“'"’°“.m."*°‘r;
e u er ieves ue e 0
mg w‘hose breath had been alin'gst knocked out
'l'huea'intruder was is in a 'iﬂy. He seized a
chair and threw it at b. Bo ducked as he was
_ up and the chair landed against Newton,
wringing a cry of pain from hm. The red-
headed boy ned the oaterdoor, dashed into the
wrridor an started for the stairs._ Bob was
determined to and‘ 13st nothtnnguin fol;
bwing im. wen own e ire a
u k speed,  a big racket. v
Stop that boy! shouted Bob, to a man below.
The red-headed boy dodged the man and aban-
doning the stairs new alon the corridor toward
ob slid after him as

The boy, however, was not an easy proposition
to handle. He smashed Bob in the jaw, trl ped
him up and continued his_ ﬂight. Bob swoo af-
ter him, and almost had him at the second anding
when the boy dropped like a shot and his pursuer
over his head and hit the wall with a
that stunned him. When Bob recovered his
a few minutes later the red-headed boy

his escape.
! e was too much for me." he breathed.
' “How in thunder did

“just forﬁthe of stealuiiiiig
gushing. could s
wuldbaworththerlskheranll lleco'uldn't

- ° desk. It be he
"lg °‘m°mu'ii“.vu':;i°i.3'hurd use ‘gun in 
. Ifsahewdid hegetin,!or:I

docrlocksdalnsuslt”
T ._a

“OLD - MYSTERY,” THE BROKER

 
   

fl:

3

The whole thi

_ wasaconundrumtohsli.
hegaveitupan

5
3
:1
E
5.
1
E
5:

chief bookkeeper was closeted with him in
private room._ Bob ventured to knock and
hf/(lid to comefintil Oldtgewton seemed to
_'masoneo egui parties,f inhisopir
ion the two boys had been qr  thong

skylarking
the red-headed ho’, who was a per!
to him, hiding in $1
ture him but failed.
“He's the ‘first boy who ever knocked me out.
He was nicked than greased lightning,
though 1 ad my hands on him twice‘ he
away,” said Bob.
“Riding in th closet, was he?" said the'broker,
knitting his bro s; ’
red head?”

Old Mystery seemed to have his own sus
concerning the boy's errand. but he said
about them. He dismiaed Bob, and soon
old Newton came out looking much the
for his strenuous experience. That afte
i&"“2§ W“ °‘;.y...’°‘*“‘°‘.¢. “‘.l‘."5‘.‘; 1 ....§’‘:}‘

ys ry was ge o o _a o
D. &_L. stock in order to secure control of
road in the interest of a syndicate organised
that purpose. A rush was made for the D
L. e and a spirited bidding ensued for
stoc . Nobody seemed to have any
of it, and the rice rose ﬁve points. 0 d M
who wason eﬂooratthetiine,la ed
ﬂurry in the road and went around te '

in

a;3i..»..:g%sa%§

body that the rumor was a pure fake, like many

others concerning his operations.

He offered to sell any part of 10,000 shares at
the market. and Bluinstein, who was acting as
his confederate. took him up before Spencer. who
was on the lookout, could get his hcceptanoe in.

Spencer then oﬂered Bluinstein a point above
the market for the stock he had apparently pun‘-
chased, but the trader mock his head. The for-
mer was satisﬁed that a wash sale had been pulled
off. He rushed iii; to Old -Xystery
him two points abo e the market for 5,000 shares.

The old man declared he had sold all he had
and so could not accommodate him. Spencer
then, assisted by _his partner, Hanson. bid the
stock up three points more. but got none of it.
In e midst of the excitement the gong struck
an business was over on the _Exchange for that
day. That day Bob was notiﬁed that he must
appear before the Grand Jury and testify against
C arence_Naseby. who had been conﬁned in the
Tombs since his’ arrest. He_showed the sum-
mons to his boss and got permission to attend to

   

the matter. The Grand Jury found a bill againﬁ "

the ex-drummer on which he was su

:1!-‘ieddalnd Best 8tV:v‘y fa: two years. His
e min a e arding-house,

veiyuiiliiiteeiggly with  hen‘  __ .

pe or er. presented ‘

psi ofgoldsleev hutzuisahaaevtdsj ‘

amiasciation-of his service.   I, 

es: -2*  

s

l'Otll1'l!0dk0tl|¢0ﬂCO._ 

  

eclosetandhadtriedtocay-I "

and otlered"

  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  

  
  
  

wnuiinmnnnr.

one Just now, but when I see anything worth
you know,” he answered. _
“Thank you, I should be ever so much obliged
would," she replied. _
afterward Bob noticed that S. &

up.
'mgahout it, and they seemed to think
a certain big operator was trying to corner
Before he went home Bob bought 300 shares
that evening he told Miss Faucit that
was ' ' and otfered a good chance
make a aul.

;#g§a«a;
E

sgse
E

“You'd better come down and place your own
of Miss gaucit. I could ttiirn an yoiitr gﬁtderf
.  _ you yo me e eposi

._ “paildft look out .33 it for you: You must watch

  ! M.” _
~ Idonﬂt wanttogodowntowall Street.
lost there."
'11 teﬁ. you what I'll do for you.
.uo.ﬁ&€F€‘¥£;}iﬂ%f““f’”“
ii ea i roug in my
a‘ and ‘I'll lookjoutfor it in connection
but‘I won't undertake aviv re-
rnatter. I will say this that
my wins out yours will also, but if
lose so will you.” ' »

%

I've

 

OWII;

iiéi
3?

on
had _ days
the price'was up eight points higher than
it cost him. He decided not to take any
er chances, as he didn't believe there was
any boom in it, so he sold out his own
and the 100 shares he bought for the old
His proﬁt amounted to something over
while Miss Faucit made about 3660. She
P3

,,_§§§iEi§

ighted at her success, and oﬂered him the
Y him for his trouble, but he refused

_t th: deal thrgu togblige you, and I
aecep an a . e sai . .

‘ng’ yilfveysted the 60 in a handsome
resented to him, and he
lI¢l",!f0;°1;0e!‘yll_ ality, though he thought
now felt himself quite a small capitalist,
he was worth over $7,000, and he had visions
A g a moneyed individual in the course

time.

-“Say, Bob." said Will Nelson, next day. “to-

, narrow is Decoration Day. What are you going
to do with "”

 . "'1 haven't considered the matter,” i~eplied,Bob.
‘If you've at any. suggestion‘. to make on the
- I’ll hear it. "

. ‘I up we take a trigeto Great’South
. _go em? Wecanta anearlytrain
, __ ' then from the station to the wharf,
_-__a.hoQt£erth:'3yand oﬂtoaspotwhere

egg
§

3

       
  
   

 get theﬁshwewant.
;;ieforeandI.kiiowthatweshall

He overheard a bunch of bro- »

' ing for the use of the boat for the

” THE BROKER

The two boys left the lunch counter where 
had been eating, aid their checks and went
to their ofllces. en Bob got through for the
day he found Will waiting for him at tlie‘en-
trance of the building. They walked up toward
Broadway together.

“There’s a train at ten minutes to seven," said
Will. “W_e want to catch that. I'll call for you
at a quarter of six, or a little before, so we'll
have time to get ounbreakfast and make the
depot in Brooklyn.”

“I'll be on the stoop at half-past ﬁve looking
for, you.”

The matter bein settled, the boys parted at
the corner, Bob ta ‘ng a street car up Broad-
way. u

I

CHAPTER XII.—Caught in the Fog.

At half-past eight next morning the two
each provided with a bundle containing a
lunch, stood on a small wharf on the outskirts of

There were several catboats and rowboats at
the wharf, and their owners were hanging around
on the lookout for somebody who wanted to go
out on the bay. Will walked over to the owner
of"a staunch-looking catboat and be negotiat-
y. The man
stated his price and then said he wanted a de-

posit.

“How: much do you want?" asked Will.

“Ten dollars.”

“Do you take me for a plutocrat? I'll deposit
$5 with you." .

“Where are you going?"

Will told him. The man accepted his offer.

“Come on, Bob," said Will, stepping aboard the
little craft. ' .

“Can you sail one of these things?" asked Bob.
looki doubtfully at his companion, for he was
no so’ er himself. '

“Can I‘! I should smile. I belong to the Ear-
lem River _Boat Club. and what I don'_t know
about handling a sailboat isn’t worth mentioning,"
replied Will conﬁdently. _ _ _

b. Bbiztd till; isn‘: the Harlem River. This is a
ig y o we r.

“That gen’: tI}l‘18k:tl8!lytid§’ﬂBI‘€nce. I'd just as
soon 0 on e an e.

“Aﬁoright. I'll take your word. Only I h

u :3’; drown me, for I haven't made my ' , _. _-e
o .' ' ‘ ,,
atvhy don't you, and leave_your hoodle to me?”

“I'll consider your suggestion."

“Get hold of that sheet and help me hoist the
mailsail,” said Will, after they had put their
lunch bundles in a locker in the ittle cabin.

B ‘_‘What elsheet tare _ you  ui:l:;iilt'."'ke:.slki::

on vagu y, no seeingan ing oo
a sheet as he understood the word.

“That ‘rope, I mean."

“Oh! Do you call that a sheet?”

.‘:.s£llreright,"t"idvl‘B“c>tb‘tbetgmnis'r in to haul

, sa , x awa .
,Inafowminutesthm: tthewharfwithw
at the helm and Bob de him. There a
good breeze and the boat skimmed
ra id gait. Bob e

njczrgd the sensation li ‘ ‘
‘How far it is to ﬁshing ground you
about?‘ _ '

 

  



   
 

“ow .MY.STERY»f’  snows’

‘.‘(&I,'éabout three miles or so. See that island
Zﬁde‘ ” _ ,_  . ' .
2., Yea}? . .
’ D “Well,” it’s out there.”

' they reached the sP°t

‘ tliecaurse of an hour _
aimed for and got out their lines. It was
as

’a bright day and luck did not run as

 expected, so after an hour they lifted the,
' j anchor

and wenta mile further on, where they
tried again. They did fairly well till it was time
to eat, when they stopped for lunch. A_fter eat-
ing they resumed ﬁshing, but the ﬁsh didn't bite
any more to speak of and they changed their
place again. By this time they were a good six
' miles from the wharf and the weather was grow-

ing hazy. ~ ”

‘I guess we'll pull up stakes and start back,
said Will about four o'clock. “Looks as if there
was a fog coming in and we don't want to get
ca t in it." _

. ey started to return, but the wind had
dropped and they made but slow progress. The
'air. more and more misty and the sun could

y be_seen. As the moments ela sed the
, breae continued to fall away until at ength it

dropped to a dead calm. _ _ _
“ in afraid we're in a pickle.” said Will.

“How!” asked. Bob. V

“'I'here’a_no wind to carry us along.”

“It'll spring in again. I suppose.”

“It may not w ile the f9 lasts.”

“How ong is e f ha le to last?"

“All night. ma . e’ll be lost in it soon.”

“What can we do?” '

.“Nothing, for we'can’t get out and walk."

“If there's no wind there is no danger of the
boat capsizing. That's one comfort,” said Bob.
‘‘_We can go in. the cabin and lie down. Nothing
like taki things easy." _

“I don't ancy being out in a fog. We are_ha-
ue to drift ashore somewhere. Or we might
even drift through the sti-ait_yonder out to sea
.if tbereb a stain; ebb tide."
u:dI'sh%d hope neg," replied Bob, rather star-
e 3  no '

“I ‘sthould hgpe. not_, but you never can tell
you'll fetch up in a thick f08- 1:311 ‘fwd
it’; going to be kind of dense. We cant see the
ghore now, and pretty soon we wont be able to
"° Eh? “ta evetnllas soon veriﬁed The sea

Wm‘ gunmen W side of twenty min-

and '
as thick as
will: of the

ad any idea. , '
“It's damp and chill out here." ‘sgid Bob: ;‘1et’s
into ﬁn “him er¢.ia no anger 0 our
being run down by anythlnl 111 “"3 “*1”: f°1'
‘ there isn't a steamer on the bay. At
' we haven't ‘seen one since we've been

  
 

_mea.l now.”

'?rl<(ll:naii>la(ll  ]mug®  over  —

 

..~‘?‘.;_
..,7 3‘

“I'm beg' 'ng to f lhnn _” ‘d W‘ at
length. “Pdnlllce to beein fron€rzf‘a‘:ood 

 

“So would I; but it looks‘ as if we won’t get
a chance to eat tonight.” ‘

The prbspect before them was not very en-
couraging, but there wasn’t the least use in ltiek- P,
ing, so, like sendble chaps, they made the hen of
their unenviable situation.

Conversation lagged after a while, and ﬁnally
they both fell into a doze. While they sle t the
catboat drifted through the fog lil-:e.a ostly

‘s;..~..’..«.':.: -.. L

craft, without raising a ripple on the calm sur-

face of the big bay. Two hours passed and then

the boat ﬂoated into a little cove of one of the

islands at the western end of the bay and came

to rest against the sandy beach. The action of . 

the rising tide kept her bows bumping ‘gently '

against the shore. Whether this aroused‘-Bob. Y

or he merely woke up of his own accord, in in-

material. . ‘ '
He opened his eyes and '

it’...

'4
I‘.
_.

 

His companion was sound’ asleep. Bob got
up and stretched himself with’ a yawn and that
for want of somethin else to do the stepped out 4
into the cockpit to to —a look at the r.
The fog had thinned out a good bit,» _i he
caught sight of a star now and  
around he noticed a dark patch boy rtlie ‘bows.

He wondered what it was. Stepping ‘on ~the‘!~oef
of the cabin he walked forward to get a better
view. He couldn't make out what it well. lint he
became conscious that the boat was tliunphg
against something.

“I wonder if we've drifted ashore?” he asked
himself.

There was a boathook lying against the nar-
row side of the boat and he picked it up. Push-
ing it down beyond the hows it met with reale-
tance, and that nvinced him that there was
solid ground in ‘front. After feeli
while with the hook, he icked up t 0 how line
and ‘wiped, landing on e'beach. Jabbing the '
b08d]I00k into the sand he tied the rope to it. "
Then he walked toward the dark object that '
loomed up through the night. “

It proved to be a dilapidated building, erected
man years since b some ﬁshermen at the head
of e little inlet. e door stood wide open. and
Bob ﬂashed a match to see what the place'looked ,
like inside.

As the ﬂame ﬂared up the boy gaught a view
of a small table, thnee cheap chairs, a cup
built against the wall. and a small ' stove.

In one corner was a ﬂight of stairs leading to
a loft. Bob's curiosity induced him to ascend
them to see what was in the upper re bus. The
stairs creakedand stunned under Bo ‘s weight
as (lit: wentfupli: the‘ dagk, but they
no nger o co psing. trildng er ma a
Bob looked around the loft. It varime
marine odds and ends, such as ropes. a blo& or

    
     
  
   
   
  
  
     

   
 

  

    

a look into trlilxe  eoiityﬁnetl
' W63 I;
genes’ is r ‘deepening not

 
      
 

 

 7!
‘term tion.

‘I ¢°D1|7.M5;e

5%

 

  

“Shut the door, Newton,” said a voice that the

' surprised boy recognized as that of “Old Mys-

“ ”e can talk here without fear of in-

, wondering what had brought his boss and
the head bookkeeper to that out-of-the-way spot,

Junk softly down on the ﬂoor and applied his

ear to one of the holes, the better to -hear the

. conversation of the two men.

 

QcnAi'>ri::iz X!II.—-What Bob Overheard in the
Shanty. '-

“lt  to iue\that this is a daring game you

'1
‘saucer! Bah! I have counted the cost and
will take all risks."
“You propose to entice these men to your
house""

"Enactl . Once within the four walls of my

, dwelling, y will be entirely in my power.”

“I know; but afterward? _Whatever terms you

' themselves at a disadvantage they will not keep.”

“No? I'll see about that. Do not imagine that
I am about to engage in a bit of child’stElay. The
terms I intend to wring from them ey shall

hepuoi-——
“ what?”
“They will never turn up in Wall Street again."
“How can you prevent that unless you put
them out of the way, and, of course, you have no
intcnion of actually harming them?”
“Self-preservation Newton, is the first law of
nature,’ returned “bid Mystery," grimly. _
“Surely that is why I advise you to consider

. gar plan. Don't run the risk. of putting yourself

the hands of the law.”

“The lawl”'exclaimed Old Miste _ with a harsh

I “Themanw ohastheabiitytocontrive
‘ e

agree with it tclit th'l‘eh1alw
not 2-. . e aw
reach. I beli::‘e1'in keeping on the safe

   

.,..

V _ ~"OLD MYS'I‘ERY,”. 'I‘HE BROKER
‘  the holes and cracks in the floor of the

 
  

 

“The longest head may beat _out the long
purse,” replied _Old Mystery, signiﬁcantly. ‘5 ‘‘ _
listen and I will explain the plan more fully to
you, and whatever other objections you have to
offer I will listen to, but, as I have made up my
mind to car this thing through, it is hardly
likely they wi l have any eﬂect on me.”

The broken at once went into the details of his
scheme to force an issue on the D. & L. tangle in
which both sides held an equal number of aces.

Old Mytery proposed to rin in the joker and
as Bob listened to his scheme e was amazed at
its daring character.

_ “Why, the man must be crazy to think of work-
ing such a game,” he muttered. "It is bound to
land him in jail if it misses fire, and the chances
of success seem to me to be very small. In any

ﬁggchf sgid Caleb New. caseit isn't square, and only goes to show to what
I .1”, .100; am; pinch; the 1“. desperate extremes my boss will go to score a
ﬁn’ on the where it illuminated their »P°mt-" _
1”... gal, y. at up the room above, Caleb Newton evidently thought the same as the
v‘  anything! don’: dgrgto do whgn unsuspected listener, and he voiced a strenuous
driven into a corner?” replied the broker, with Protest must the project. He foresaw trouble
mg‘; , 01 no 0 kind dhead I02‘ his  H6
3 Q. Ihﬂgqgyonhgygmgrgngyvethanany wasoneofthoseoldmenwho throug!ilongser-
3.31, w.“ gum,» vice_ are wrapped up body and soul in their mas-
‘The Conway .chq}io has too much money for ter’s interests. He knew that Mr. Hatch was a
mg. to bnék against, ' sud listen, in his cumin. man of im lacable p , and that he would face
ivy deep tones, “therefore it is necessary that I 81137 1'18}! n the execu ‘on of a plan he 1184 011130
Idogtadics that will reverse the situation.” 011-
“ 1: consider the r you are facing in The «project he now had in view, however,
‘to the extr which you propose dwarf anything he had ever contemplated be-

fore during his long career in Wall Street.

Newton also knew that Conway and Jason were
men accustomed to pushing large and even ques-
tionsble schemes thro with success. They had
resources that pro them, and they were wily
in the extreme. Smartas Hatch was Newton felt
that he was not in the same class with those two
men, and he trembled at the prospect of the pre-
carious scheme to beat them proposed by his em-
plczser, who was‘olearly set on ca ' it out. .

long as he fought them’ with heir own
weapons it was merely a battle of wits between
them but the moment Hatch resorted to means
not iustiﬁable under any legal pretence he was
risking everything on the cast of dice loaded
against him.

“Mr. Hatch, listen to me,” he said in jerky
tones. “There is an old saying that he whom the
gods would destroy they ﬂrst make mad. You
are surely mad to engage in such a game as you
are contemplating." .

“Mad!” laughed Old Mytery, sardonically.
“Perhaps I am. But who is driving me into this
thing but these men who have no more conscience
then this table," and he pounded the wood once
more so forcibly that the lantern danced.

“So much the more reason why you should not
run the risk of putting yourself in their power."

“Bah! It is high time Conway was bought up
with a short turn. I am determined that he and
Jasoirshall find their match in me. They are of

ackal breed -and the old fox shall teach them
Lookoutnowandseehowtheweatlier

I
3/‘
\
1

 

  

C

, He strode out of the shanty. followed  his
oﬁﬁdential clerk, and was presently lost in the
' giooin of the night.

 

CHAPTER XIV.—A Surprising Revelation.

. “My gracious!" exclaimed Bob. "Things have
reached a pretty desperate pass with Mr. I-I_atch.
~ I was not wrong when I sized liim up a wicked
enemy. He is no fool and fully counts the chances
he is taking in this scheme of his. I think I un-
derstand him even better than Newton. He does
not intend that Conway on Jason shall ever get
e chance to make him pay a forfeit. As sure as
sit here those two men, if they go to the house
in Roseville, will never leave it alive until the old
man makes cocksure that he had drawn their
sting. As th are not the kind of men to be
easily‘ bulldoag I fear the worst. What shall I
do now that I am on to this thing? Shall I warn
Conway and Jason of their danger? ‘HOW cm I
warn them without making some kind of an ex-
planation? And what eﬁect would that explana-
tion have on Mr..Hatch’s interests?‘  c_el't8l!}1Y
-have no wish to make a move that will injure him
in the least. 1 am no traitor. Yet if I reinain iii-
active murder perhaps may take place. * Was
a chap ever placed in such a quandry?"
, Bob walked down’ the stairs and out into
the night air much exercis over the responsi-
bility that he felt rested upon him.‘ He started
to walk back to the catboat. but instead of taking
the right road his steps led him away from the
inlet and over to the left side of the island. He
had just woke up to the fact that he was on the
wrong track when he saw a small steam yacht ly-
ing moored beside a stumpy wharf. The_ only light
-aboard cf her through a single port-
hole on her quarter at the edge of the wharf. Bob
looked at her dim outlines for a moment and
then something impelled him to walk out.to her.
The porthole was just on a_ level with his head.
so there was no difficulty in taking a squint.
Four men were seated around a mahogany table
Elna the cabin, uagnifcirseood cat-s1giss.de«;t;1nivl'-for;
glasses, a o cigars an a Japann
bax.such as business men use to hold valuable

P8
To Bob's astonishment he recgniled the 39”‘
tleman as Conway.-who sat at e head _o.~ -‘he
tgble Via; gevergl documents in front of him, Ja-
son. and Brokers Spencer and Hanson‘. _
ﬂcenuemen," Conway was saying, ‘_I think we
have Old ll ry where. the shoe pinches, and
we will be le to force an issue at once that is
bound to bring him to his knees. Had Jason and
I been in the position to raise more money before
we should have wound the trick up Weeks 880-
This document aim liﬁos matters._ The_ Wall
Street National will loan a cool million on 13. and
wig never be the iaiietiv that it g:;miI;g;_ “id
'3 sa e -
Spgcenryogﬁsnthg presidlent should detect that the
éuﬁﬁeats is a forged one there is sure to be trou-
hie." An investi tion would involve us maybe In
am, ' offense to
make use of a forged certiﬁcate of stock." ”
the slightest danger of detection.
in Q conﬁdential tone. “Hr.

‘T“:E“'}'!§9T'Y‘i*_“ ' \

_“OLD MYSTERY," THE BROKER

21'-

Wehster has the greatest conﬁdence in Jason and
myself. We are reputed to be worth many mil-
lions_ and our paper will be taken by any bank,
The last thing Webster would dream of is that
we would offer him crooked security for good
money. A few days will suﬂice to ush Old Mys-
tery to the wall, then with our pro ts we will re.

. deem the forged certiﬁcate, and that will be the

end of the matter. It is a great advantage in this
world to have a reputation above suspicion."

“You certainly have a big head to think of this
scheme at a moment when it will prove of the ut-
most advantage to us,” said Spencer. “We are
now holding our own against Hatch by the skin
of our teeth, and without half a million or more
we must come out at the short end of the horn.
The only thing that really holds him in the traces
is the delusion that you and Jason are worth more
money than you are. A year ago things were dif-
ferent with you. That was before you sunk sev-
eral millions in Montana Copper. That attempt
to corner the control of the mine crippled you, but
fortunately no one in the Street but Hanson and
me, your conﬁdential brokers, is aware of your
true financial status. Both of you have all your
available capital, about three million, invested in
D. J: L Jason and I are_ in for another million
between us. This four million of we have
hypothecated for two and a half million more
which is all gone into the ﬁght, with another mil-
lion we raised on the additional shares. In other
words, we have seven and a half million dollars’
worth of stock under our control. The interest
account is what is doing us up. The longer this
ﬁght hangs ﬁre the more we’re out. Under those
circumstances I think we can take the risk with
the forged certiﬁcate, since the mone we can
raise on it will turn the scales in our avor, and
get us out of the hole we now are in.”

“Then, gentlemen, I am to understand that the
matter is settled with your concurrence?” said
Conway.

The three other men nodded.

‘Then for our mutual protection we will each
attach our usual signatures to this paper which
acknowledges that we are all implicated in this
scheme to raise money on D. & L. certiﬁcate of
stock No. 3,000,” said Conway.

He drew a fountain penholder from his vest
pocket and wrote his name with a ﬂourish, and
passed the aper with the pen to Jason, who
signed it wi out hesitation. ‘

Then‘ Spencer and Hanson, each in turn, wrote
their nanies. When it got back to Conway ii.
placed itintheboxontopoftheforgedcertiﬁ-
ate, and called on his associates to ﬁll up their
glasses and drink success to the downfall of Old
Mystery. '

Bob had been an eager and attentive listener
to the proceedin

ter in its mildest light. He had by the merest ae-
cident and the greatest good luck got possessiai
of information of the most valuable character—in-
formation that would lace these four schemes:
in Mr. Hatch’: power mmnent he

Egan: his daring gamghall he had
certiﬁcateand

        

in the cabin. To say that what *
he heard astonis ed him would be to put the mat- -

lea:-ned.ths'
facts. Therewouidbsnonoednowofhimearr'y-_,- .
 9

    

  

gintotheirdis

he sprang aboard the yacht and. stickin _
in a the door of the passage, shouted in excited .

 

convict the members of the clique, and their the
law would swoop down on_ them and gather them
grace and ruin. _ _
‘I wish I could get hold of that paper with their
names attacked,” thought the boy. “That would
be the best evidence Mr. _Hatch could have against
th. He'd have them In such a tight box that
they couldn't wri e out with the most astute
l rs in the wor cl at ‘their back."
ere didn't seem to be the ghost of a chance
that Bob could secure the important paper. It
lay in the iron box on the table within reach of
the tour gentlemen. Suddenly‘ a daring idea oc-

curred to the boy. On the spur of the moment
his head

_ “Flirel Fire! The hold is on fire. Run for your
In a moment there was a hasty moving of chairs
in the cabin, and the four tlemen rushed out
on deck in great alarm. passed them in the
passage shouting ﬁre. When he reached the cabin
door e saw it was empty. The box stood on the
talde with the key in it. Bob slammed the door
tight, darted over, open the box, captured the
£:per, and shut and ocked the box again, Then
rushed up the stern companion St8l!‘_S and
gained the quarter d.cck,_ from which point of
vantage he saw the indistinct ﬁgures of the four
gentlemen, and several of the crew gathered In
a bunch near the yacht’s funnel, all talkmk ii} 8
loud and excited way. Bob saw that it was im-
possible for him‘ to regain the wharf without at-
tracting observatlon. As it would not _do to be
caught on board after the alarm was discovered
to be a groundless one. he was at his wit's end
how to get ashore. He ﬁnally decided that he
would have to take to the water and make the
land that way. He slipped over the yacht’s stern
and warn for the side of the wharf. He reached
it after a few strokes and then found that -he
could touch bottom. As he walked out of the
water on to the beach he saw two men, evidently
members of the ‘yacht's crew. step out on the
wharf with lighted lanterns in their hands.
“Looks as if they're going to hunt for the chap
who gave the false alarm of tire," thought Bob.
-He hurried hack the way he had come. and in
a short time reached the shanty. As the fog
had thinned out to a light mist by this time, Bob
was able to make out where the creek lay. He
started for it to regain the catboat and take off
his wet clothes. But an unpleasant surprise was
waiting him. When he readied the little inlet he
could see no signs of the catboat anywhere.

 

CHAPTER XV.—M_arooned.

-¢..: Where’: ’the best?" he said. f‘Will
wuuldntunmoor and leave the island without iii,

a I know, thereforethe only conclusion I can arrive
at is that’! didn’t,stick the boathook deep en h '

 

"din riis'fERY,"  l§ROKER _

. ._ ,3
“Now what am I gning‘to do?” t &'-
young messenger. “Ivcan’t stand in up: ..

wet clothes for the night air is plaguey drillﬁ
I must get up some circulation or I may catch a

good co
two "

At that inohent he recollected the old clothes in
the sea-chest in the loft of the shanty, and also
that there was a bunch of hay up there that had
apparently been used as a bed. ' ' -

“I'll change my wet garments for those old dry
ones, then crawl into the hav and a snooae
for the rest of the night," he decided.

He made a bee-line for the shanty and was soon —

up in the loft. After tripping and putting on
enough of the y ﬁshing togs to cover him, he
wrun
sprea them on the ﬂoor. Then he crawled into
the hay and in a few moments felt quite com-
fortable. He was convinced that his companion
would return to the island and look for him until
it suddenly occurred to him that Will might not

‘ wake up until the boat had ﬂoated out of sight of

the island, in which event he would have no
knowledge that the boat had been moored to the
land at all. ‘ -

“He'll have a lit when he ﬁnds that I'm not on
board and he'll wonder where I went to. Maybe
he'll think that I fell overboard in the fog and
was drowned," thought Bob.

While speculating over the quandary his friend
was sure to be in he dosed 03 into a dreamless
slumber and slept like a top till morning.

His_ﬂrst sensation on awakening was that of
astonishment at his surroundings, but he soon
recollected all that had happened the day and
evening before._

‘.‘I wonder where Will is by this time?" he asked
himself, as he sprang up.

His next thought was where he was going to
get something to eat, and that was a serious con-
sideration, for he was ravenously hungry by this
time. He picked up his clothes, but they were
still damp and sodden. -

 must hang them up in the sun to dry," he

sai .

He took them downstairs and spread them about
on the mid. n he went over to the creek
and loo ed out on the bay. There was a fresh
breeze blowing, and he saw two or three sail-
boats skimming the water, but none of them was
heading for thefisland. It occurred to him to
walk over to the. wharf where the steam

in view of the wharf he saw that the yacht was
no longer there. He walked slowly back to the
stanty and, sitting down in the sunshine,
waited for his clothes to dry. Two hours
before they were ready to put on, and
that time e thoroughly a preciated the 
ofaperson whoiseompe edtogowithoutf
because he hasn't the priceof a meal. As soon
aehewasattiredinhisownclothesagainhe
started to walk around to the other end the
island. A unch of trees cut oﬂ his view,
hea proac edthernhesniﬂedtheunell fsrnob
whi he presently saw rising above the upper
u e

branch
ontheislandaaeure

i.

There’ somebody at!‘
._live."he:riedeag_er'ly."Iwonderifthey'reeo&é

ms Innhins?”

.‘ ~'F=£r'V_..""$i"?‘£
» ,.‘ - ,4’ *.'-1

d that might lay me up for a week or:

the moisture out of his own clothes and -'

 ‘ the boys
KW!‘ thﬁ _
[Sade his mouth water an his eyes bulge with 3

 

~, the ﬁsh,.but half a dozen soda era

_ Esterday afternoon,” he said. “My name 13

.‘th°

  

    
  
  
 

ey eyed him curiously as he came toward
e looked at the ﬁre and saw that one of

was holding a frying-pan f_ull_0f ﬁsh
hot coals. The si ht of the sizzling ﬁsh

 

ﬁnished look.
“Say, what’1l -you take for that ﬁsh?” he asked,
y, walking up to the lads. _
ey ain't for sale. We're going to eat ’em
ourselves," said one of the boys.’
"But you'll sell me two or three, won't you?
ITI ‘vs mi a dollar for them." _
“ do I" exclaimed the boy, incredulously,

while all three looked at him as if they thouzht

’ he was  them
“Yes. a 181',"

*7‘ out of his pocket.

repeated Bob, pulling a bill
“I'm half starved. Haven't had
anything to eat since yesterday_ at one o'clock."
Bob’: looks and actions convinced the bunch
that he really was famished, so l1e‘n0t only got
ckers to boot.
_ Bob insisted that they accept the dollar and de-
vide it between them, and then he fell to and
made short work of the fried ﬁsh _and soda
crackers. He washed the meal down with a
drink from a bottle full of milk that_ the Y8
"handed him, and then he said he felt like a new

“Gee! I believe you fellows have saved my
life.” he remarked, “and you don’t know how
grateful I am to you." _ _

“How came you to be marooned _on this is-
. land?” asked the boys, full of curiosity to learn

the cause of his predicament.

“It's all on account of the fog that “W933
ranger and I'm a Wall Street messenger. Yes-
-terday being a holiday a friend and mYS€1_f_
out here from the city on a ﬁshing expedition-

’ Then he told how they had hired a catboat and _

.-bad ﬁshed in diﬂerent places an the approach of
the fog warned them to return to the_ wharf at
' how they had become becalined in the foil.
and all that happened to him after that. with the
Glen tion of the visit of his boss and the head
bookkeeper to the shanty. and his adventure in
connection with the steam yacht. f th
' Th agreedthatth 'sinzuiI0 6
Windehrlyscaused the boatfttsiphliinll the boathook
out of the sand and go adrift.
“I suppose you want to get ashore so Y0“ 03"
to the city," said one of the boys.
“Yes; it would be a at favor if YOU 70033
me somewhere so t I can set 9- V3"! 1'0’

T

3
3

__ Brooklyn," replied Bob.

-"B.__ is the only place.near here, and that is
about six miles away. We'll take you there-

“Thanks, I'll give ou a couple of dollars more
for your trouble. at will give you a dollar
apiece. I can aﬂord it. 30 Y0“ need?” be afmld

ho declared that he was a_ brick and
tolghlllin 5' step into the boat. Two minutes later
"they, were gliding along close to the island, and
passing the wharf where the steam YBCM

been moored they came into view of the inlet
catboat'had come ashore. Here they

catheat just sliootinx in to the spot. To

J‘
I

Q .
.r5‘. \ ‘

“OLD MYSTERY.” THE BROKER’

;, He made a dash forward and soon came in sight‘
:.a!;ﬁree boys standing around a are built on the _
" a short distance of an open sail-

and land me.

 

Bob’: surp '_se and intenge satisfactiim his friend‘
Will Nelson was sitting at the helm. ‘ -

CHAPTER XVI.-—Conelusion.

“Hello, Will!” shouted Bob.
Will turned and looked around. When he saw
Bob standing up in the ﬂlboat he shouted and

waved his hand. _
“"l'here’s my friend and the catboat. Put in

That  save ‘you the trouble of
?)king me over to B——," sai Bob to the three
8.
I'l'he boat was rounded and headed into the
. L .
m‘?C0me ashore and I'll introduce you to my
friend," said Bob.

“Where have you been all night, Bob?” asked ’

Will curiously. _

“Right on this island."

“You don’t sa l ;Why when I wokeup-and
found you gone didn' know what had become .
of you. 1 wasalmost sure you had fallen over-
board, for the boat was sailing along under the
breeze that had ‘ﬁning up.”

“I'll tell you that happened. later on’. Let
me make you acquainted with these fellows. who.

are first-c ass cha . They furnished me with
a breakfast ‘when was hungry enough to chew
’most anything”

After a short talk Bob said it was time for‘

Will and him to return to B——. ..
The boys oﬁered him the two dollars back that
he had given them for the passage to the village,
but Bob told them to keep the money. as he con-
sidered they deserved it. They were delighted
with his liberality, and gave him a cheer as, he
and Will sailed out of the inlet en route for B——.
During the trip Bob told Will all that had hap-
pened to him duri the night, including the visit
of Old Mystery an Newton to the shanty, and
his subsequent adventure at the steam yacht, for
he knew that he could depend on his friend to
keep his mouth shut. Will told him that when

. morning came he found the boat's mooring line

dragging in the water. When he pulled it in he
discovered the boathook attached to it. That
gave him his first idea that the boat had landed
somewhere while he slept and that Bob had-
moored it with the boathook. It looked clear
enough that the hook had become detached and
allowed the boat to drift away. So Will was satis-
ﬁed that his friend was ashore on one of the
islands along the western end of the bay. He
determined therefore to visit the islands hi turn.
for he had no idea on which one Bob had landed.
He found a party of ﬁshermen on the first island
he struck and they gave him some breakfast and
looked over the island with him for Bob. but
without success. Then he started for the island
where he ﬁnally met Bob as described.

They reached B-—— about half-past wdm

had to wait till nearly two for a train. It

spectfve offices in Wall Street. Bob made a. y 
explanation as to the cause oi’ his absence to
Newton, and then f flr. E I '

asked as
l rned that ht BC ﬁfth?’
a'ésa.a on a-.l-‘3.'§.°°ia¢~i-_i,i1; , ’

ten minutes of three when they reached dieing‘. ”

   

    
    

   

. 1 , ..

tsolrnportant to wait, and determined to go out
to his house after he had his supper. hfeeting
Will be arranged with his friend to go with him
10! company. Will called at the boarding-house
at half-past seven and the boys started for Jer-
'ty together. They arrived in front of the
denee of the broker at about a quarter of

and Bob rang the gate bell. The hungry-
servant answered the summons and asked
wanted. _BolA:old him that he had a

one acne heaitation the lad admitted them. and
ﬂ them into the room adjoining the broker's

EEEEKS
E 9
3;
3
i
5.‘
§
~.>.

“Be’s en“ with four gentlemen,” said the
. "You ave to wait till they go.’f

' I went awayleavin the boys alive. They
‘Old llyeteryla voice raised in_ angry and
keatehing tones. Bob had his suspicions about
Coilantity of the visitors, and he slipped over

, bﬂiodoorandaplied his eyetothekeyhole.
_ ,‘Wh_at he Iai into 1 room ratherdstartlgdhimé

land h?leas = our chairs an gag sa

:0 asomlﬁieerand Hanson and over
Ir. Ham with a gevolver in hi; hand.
in propos on or

u3§’§:.... .1 .,~ gama om
Iystery, and his look and manner indicated that
ineant-every word he said. Bob beckoned Will

“(go door and told him to

l" exclaimed Will. on taking in the

lee‘

is
E.
E
5

3

“We've got to interfere or there may be mur-
V Ber done," whispered Bob.
’ “What can ‘we do?" asked Will much excited.
- Bob told him in a few words what the _would
( Throwin open the door; Bob rush in and
g _y bed Old wystery around the waist with both

if the four prisoners and lost
it Bob dWhile tlée was d?-
was utting up a espera s rugge

1.. boss. id Mystery was a mighty power-
’ ful man, but Bob was a strong boy and had him
at some diaadvan . The ‘broker would have
eventually overcome iin had they been alone, but
Hanson ricer came to his assistance. and
onal aid of Conway the old broker

 Z “So you are a traitor after all?” hissed Batch,

2- glaring at his oiiice holy.

‘No, sir I'm not. simply interfered to pre-
vent you from committing a possible murder at
wholenle. ’ '

"Gents telephone’. Jason. and call in the

police. Conway. _
“N0 " said-‘Bob. “You'll do nothing of the
kind. We'll settle this matter by . V08-"

 
   
 
  
      
  
 
 
  

the operator. , s

‘I  ‘lloinatterwhathsintepdedtodoyoll Srﬁlafe
tadyanto sgilacertain paper. I

A . '.  not." nplied Conway. _“’l'he
Q the winning hand, eh?"
we ‘
l£r.=~‘Ratch.haa you where the
hen:

“OLD. i§IYSlI'ERY," THE BROKER

ill; in accordance with their plan,‘
ai

A » “winning nu intended to murder us,” said «

"f.'.:;m:':..°i..':; .

L. _stock, No. 3,000, and that is a criminal of- .

fense.”

“What!" cried the operator, while his compan-
ions looked aghast.

“Here is the proof of it," said. Bob, showing
him the paper the four men had signed the night
before aboard the steam yacht.

“How did you get that?” cried Conway. .

“No matter.
this paper will be used against you," said Bob.

We will not dwell on what followed. Old Mys-
tery himself was astonished at the turn affairs
had taken through the instrumentality of his 01’-
iice boy. Before the four men left the house they
agreed to accept Mr. Hatch's terms, which con-
sisted in the transfer to him of enough of the
stock the held to give him the control of the D.
& L. roa , for which he allowed them the market
price. Thus Old Myte achieved his pet pro ect,
and the newspapers ha a whole lot to say a t
him‘ for the next few days. The old man was
very teful to Bob for saving him from the
commission of a wholesale crime, which was what
his ‘daring game led to, and he gave the boy a
small interest in his business, and ‘promoted him
to the post of junior clerk.

After that Bob was a frequent and welcome
visitor at his house, and when a couple 3! years
later he asked Mr. Hatch for the hand 0 Eunice,
the old man willingly accepted him as his pros-
speetive son-in-law, and promised him a half in-
terest in his buesinesa on the da -of his marriage.

This promis he faithfully‘ ept. and so Bob
became a full-ﬂedged partner of “Old Mystery"
the broker.

Next week’s issue will contain “CAPITAL-—
ONE DIME; or, BORING HIS WAY TO FOR-
TUNE."

CHANGES AFFECT 70
STATIONS
A sweeping order changing the broadcasting
operations of 70 stations was made public recently
by the Federal Radio Commission. Effective
Dec. 1, it is designed to clear twenty-ﬁve chan-
nels between 600 and 1,000 kilocycles.
Among the new allocations ordered were these:
WCAE, Pittshufﬁhu 650 kilocycles, 500 watts.
W00 and WIP, Philadelphia, 860 kilocyclea,
500 watts, sharing with WGBS. New York City.
WNJ. Newark, 1120 kiiocyclea, 250 watts, aber-
in ‘ ith WGCP and WAAM.

BKN, New York City‘, 1500 kiloeycles. 100
watts, sharing with WUR Woodaide, L. 1., and
WBMS and wisi, New York City.

WABC, New York City, 970 kilocycles, 2,500
alaétlgqnight, 5,000 watts daytime, sharing with

wi>c'n, Jersey City, and WRNY, New York.
sharing 920 kilocycles, 500 watts. s

RADIO WAVE

TOBACCO on sxurr 'I3l’l"l' can on

r teed t f i ‘
§'.:'.'i.."i..‘. &".‘...u..'“ pi” "c'.~i"‘ °c......' ""°."2.'S.
Full treaqnent sent on

 

 

Agree to Mr. Hatch's terms or.

tri3i"i:-a cto sung

deimn. it it fails WI in¢i‘:iarimi> iii>§'a’!. w is a

todas. wuaaoae I-I. consul ‘Q ~
. 3: ;

__z A ’1'.1<";_ v_, 


 .‘ dldiiatineendto
Re

 l£~5_g;i
N

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 9: lflinety Degrees South

or, Lost in the Land of Ice

By GASTON GABNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER VIII
_ Delays ..

"Hallo! Where are you?” .”
“Outside the berg. Could you ﬁnd a way out‘!
“No. What has happened?'’_ _ H
.'‘The c ' is closed. Wait a few min
\ “All right. t isn't cold in here.” _

The entire party immediately set to work with

C

. axes and picks clearing away an entrance.

At -times fresh masses _of ice would fall, in-
creasing the work of clearing the way. _

At last, however, there was an opening suf-
Ssiently wide to allow the boys to_coine out.

“We had no idea that the thing would close
" said Phil.

_“In fact, I thought very little about it,” added

“Boys d think," led ills. “Here
.took  gains to close the p

5

ill

t into it and g'iveI_iIi‘s all  e_xdtr;hv5ork.”
am very sorry sure ’ mi _ .
gt; any distance, but simply to
if there wasii’t a short-cut."
to know better," snapped Wills.
‘Wewilllieinore carefulin future,'said Phil.
. Futon?”

Hr .
"I think we are, but I won't say that we can't

at away from it. A change of wind i_nay\set.us
adrlft,andwecanalaocutawaythefreshice
aid render our position less dangerous. Iiere
5a.great_dealofliea iceahead of us, butthere
5! reason believe that we are tied up here
if

2‘
52
E

to

set out for the Pioneer. Sadie mah-
Pliil aside and whmperpnsg

for Wills. He means mischief, and
all the harm he _can.”_ , '

out for him," said Phil, simD1Y- _
returning to the ship the work of cutting
freshly formed ice was begun and kevt
r several hours. - _ i

the use of saws. axes and picks a channel
cut all izround thﬁ vessel :0 that no Ice

crowd u an pine e _.

ickiiess the dos upon which they 70305
be deterniinel, but this was not neces-

A d 2 th uld be
u . "yeould.h“be :tartedman$lo driven
e, which would carry them oil
into deep water. ‘

necessary the fore, to wait till
separated. losing clear water

i ~zg...a ‘
» ’°e§§:§§§


Egg.  

9

/

resort to this expedient and

    

 

ce so that‘
39 one would venture in; and you have to blunder

 

The were nearly all day cutting the gigging!
aroun the vessel and when it was done they
were_well satisﬁed, as it gave them a sense 01
sfcurity which they would not have felt without
I

ofiftat Very night, in fact. they saw the beneﬁt
i

Thewiiid changed suddenly and drove the pack’
ice toward them, but as there was now a broad
channel all around, it could not pile up against.
their sides. . — .

Very little new ice formed during the night.
as the engines were kept going at a slow speed,
which kept the water agitated and prevented the
ice from forming.

Captain Essex chafed at the delay, however
and the next dayapartywas sentoutto 
there was any chance of «getting out if a channel
were cut ahead of them.

Mr. Fenton thought it was feasible, and the
men all got to‘ work with great saws to. cut
thiiough the ice. th ck, d the 

t was very i an wor regressed
slowly, so that by night there was aplane
twenty or thi yards lcn
yards from the .

This channel was kept free of new ice the next
 while the work of lengthening it was car-
ri on. .

They were really free of the barrier, for only:
ﬂoe ice was ahead of then now, and as soon as
this broke up there was every chance that they
could go on.

Early in the third day the wind came to their
assistance and broke up the ice in front of ﬂiem.
the great expanse of solid ice being soon a mass
of scattered cakes, small bergs and bits of the

pack. .

The clfannel in front of them kept the small
bergs from drifting upon them, and now~Captaiii
Essex determined to make an eﬂort to get clear
of the cradle which held him.

No sooner had the wind changed, giving prom-
ise of~breaking up the pack, when he had the men
recalled and then ordered the engines set going
at their fullest speed.

The blades of the propellers revolved furiously,
the water was churned into foam, and the Pioneer
began to advance, slowly at ﬂrst, and then more
re. idly as the sharp prow cut into the ice.

he engines were forced to their utmost. the
water fairly boiled under the propellers, there
was a sharp, grindingassound as the ice gave
way in front, and at t, having cut herself a
path to freedom, the gallant little vessel leaped
from her cradle of ice, which suddenly split in
two as she plunged into the deep water ahead of-

her. .
Spray dashed high on all. sides, but the Pioneer,-
lieinig‘ now aillltlyat. ggshedd along‘ the channel cut
or or reac :1 en as wind‘ i
take full elfect. E e .  to
she cut through the weakening ice
was soon free, sending out hm clouded blaﬁ

sinolteaseheruahodomw <
 :2-*“33 it

. E

  

  
    
 

 
  
 

  

s1i.;.mp'.'.°r‘.a
What of. our

 
  

  
   



 
 
      
  
 

     
 

was .standing on the bow with Sadie, her uncle

. e a on we rom ere ye , ui

 l f th t 7

ml’ answeretimwaddfes. Still, I must admit
t

Ca tain Essex has handled his vessel very
ti’ made her do wonders. She is evidently
stronger than the Jeannette, which was
caught in an ice-cradle very much as we were.
or we would n¢_V¢3r have got out. However, ours

T89-
ncle Jerry you are always ﬁnding fault,”
“When you made up your mind to
go on this expedition, you ought to have been
take everything that came, without

3
§
5
i:
5"

on." ,
_ ’ “H’Inl" muttered Waddles, “if my_ memory
- doesn't failine,Iinadeu.pniyinind simplybe-
 'uuseI.eouldnothelpmyself. Iamglad we are
d now unless I

out of troubl I sure.
have‘a return? tha::ndreadful‘:easickness, I feel
t that I shall ﬁts-—-" _

f evident t the seasiclcilrliess fre-
turngii or poor man made a su en or
the in,’and when he returned, three or four
hours later, looked very wretched.

They had taken an observation at noon and
they were in latitude 75 degrees south

2%

E
5

and longitude 100 degrees west from Greenwinczi ,

having gone considerably out of their origi
course by reason of the ice barrier.

“All parallels of longitude reach the Pole,"
' Capbin Essex, “and I can follow one as
as another. The barrier kept us from_ locat-
sane of the supposed Antartic continents,
theywersnotreallywhatlwasinsearch

a
“supposed ted Waddles.
N

was

continents?" re
I

2‘
5
a
5
E
2

“In the minds of explorers, I admit, professor,

E
3
5
u
S
2

“But these lands have been located, _sir.”
."Your lands may be vast ﬁelds of ice, profes-
Who knows whether Greenland is a con-
tinent or an island? Wrangell Land was found
tobemerelyan island, andsoinaysomecfthese
Antartic lands be found to-—" _

“But you will overturn all acce ted beliefs,

QR

;,_ tain, if prove this,” cried laddles, ex-
?»  willliknetvherwtio, I tell you. You
’ can u things e a

3 , “Columbus u theories," laughed the cap-

tain, “and so di others before him. Folks used to

insist that the world was ﬂat, and some will
vel insist even now that there is a hole right

, the earth from the North Pole to the

South, and that the water-—”

t is on] nonsense, of course, but as to

w -deﬁned. Antartie continents there

man would have continued to argue
at a sudden return of his sickness
him, and he beat a hasty and undigni-

  
 
  
 
    
  
  
   
  
 
 

is. worst of the ice behind" them
";IId_ltG8ll0d03,l|0Dln3tO&GtWlﬂ|
sires‘, sins 1! miles of the
 "4 ~ ‘ssilingwonldbeable

I".ME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Travel ‘in Antartic regions is not what it is
elsewhere, however, and it was not long.befors
they discovered that it would be many as
fore they reached their destination, if at 1.

h_ .

I mfg
. ___,:
3}‘
‘J

<

A change of wind brought the ice around them 1

once more,_and although they were not in da

of being nipped or of having a berg slide uii er
them as before, they found it almost impossible
toladvance, and were ten days making as many
mi es.

They drifted to the westward more than they
steamed to the south, and at last they neither
drifted nor went ahead, but seemed to stand still,
blocked by interminable ice ﬁelds.

“There is time enough," the undaunted captain
would often say, but as the days went on and the
Antartic winter drew nearer, it began to look as
if there was not sumcient time in which to ac-
complish his object, and_that he was, like so
many others, doomed to disappointment.

They had been a month_ in the ice, the days
were growing very short, with a prospect of there
soon _being nothing but one long night, when one
morning the wind changed, so that there was
considerable open_ water before them, and the
prospect of continuing the V0788‘ "38 13053
favorable.

j‘Now for ninety degrees south!" cried the cap-
tain, and all the crew echoed the wish.

_While the short day lasted the Pioneer made
fair progress, but at length night set in, dark
:33! tlareatening, and their speed was greatly

uce . '
~ The searchlight was turned on and gave them
a great deal of assistance in seeing their way,
but at last it began to snow so furiously that
not even that could hel them,‘ and they were
obliged to go at a an "s pace for fear of ac-

cident.

Dick, Phil and Sadie were in the saloon chatw
ting like magpies, the professor, who sat close at
hand, hearing nothing of their conversation, so
eng-r‘asaed was he in a book he had picked up.

t are we stopping for?” asked Sadie.
mddenly. “Do you suppose the ice isia our way
In I

“Probably,” said Phil who was not on duty at
that time. “If we could go ahead, you may be
sure that we would. Our engines are powerful,
and no ' ordinary would stop us."

“And! veneverseenthem,asl as!
have been on board the vessel,” said ‘e. "I
have either had to look out for Uncle Jerry or
therehasbeensomethingelsetodo,orIdidn't
think 0 it till just now.’

“Wel,thisisas stiineasan,"laughed
Phil, "for your Un e ‘Jerry seems pe ectly indif-
ferent, and I doubt if he would know the diﬂerb
ence if you remained or went away."

“I don't, believe he _would,” said Sadie, “so sup-
pose we go down and have a look at the engines.”
“You will enjoy seeing the electric niachin

too," said Phil. ‘They are really very ﬁne,
quite worth a visit. Come on, Dick. you don’:
have to stay and amuse the professor. ‘ 1'

'tEheyl;left the saloon for the engine-rooms with-
ou a
of the to their gal-iaat captain.
(To be continued.) "‘

.c,«— _ . v-3. «.

ht of what was about to happelailor
aw 

 

 ‘T7-TERMS TO

rims AND ll‘ORTUNE VWEEKLY
 Fame and Fortune Weekly’

’ ‘**.;’1}1i ‘
' ' NEW YORK, DECEMBER 9, 1927

SUBSCRIBERS

now 1'0 BIND l0Nl:Y_-—At our risk lend P. 0.
Honey Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in my other way are at your risk. We_ accept Postage
Stamps the same as cash. When sending silver wrap
the Coin in a se to piece of paper to avoid ‘cutting

  

p the envelope rite your name and address plainly.
Single Co ies ................. "Postage Free 8 cent!
One copy ‘hree Months .. " " 00
0ne’L'opy Six Months.... . . .. " " 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “ " 4.00

   

Canada, $4.60; 1*-‘oi'e-ltn. 86.00
Address letters to
WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO.. Inc.
140 Cedar Street, New York City.

nun xtiaiirr. run. and Train.
3. W. IAB8. Vice-Pros. and Boo.

‘ INTERESTING ARTICLES

BOSTON MENU REPRESE TS 80,960
LUNCHEON MILE

Statisticians of the Boston Chamber of Com;
incrce estimated that 80,960 “luncheon In-I168
were involved ‘in laying before its members re-
cently a “transportation day” meal consistmz 01
ti-cit cocktail, relishes, Phiiadelplua pepper pot.
cliicken a la king, ice cream, cake. C0399 31,15 ""3-

Th. t of nine foreign countries and

. ‘eleven or more stateswvere ul¢d- PGDPBI‘ ‘mm

1

4
-
.«
rz;
4.

‘Sumatra, 12 000 miles away_ held the distance
record, while’ New England tripe was clmed the
fewest miles. ‘

0LlVER TWIST snninn TO GO UNDER
HAMMER

~ Dickens enthusiasts are now to have an 0 P0!“
tunity to purchase ryrtordﬁousq. the 019! 1'-
gian mansion, which was identiﬁed by Percy
Fitzgerald as the house which the unwilling little
olivgr Twist entered under threats from Bill

"Bikes. The very scullery window, through‘ which

' boos ‘ll ‘ate.
ohI¥y?;f:r:is honsgais sl?0We:lﬂe1'ed for rivate sale
and various Dickens societies are_en eavo to
Ind some wealthy patron who will enable cm
to acquire it.

WHALE TOWS FISHERMEN FOR 4 DAYS
AND 8 NIGHTS

-- "Atuleofawlialewhichtowedtwoﬁshinghoats
e- about the Ardhian Sea for four days and three

 

nights was Old in The Daily Express recentl .
'_ A dispatdi
that a thirty

the nets of two ﬁshing

Y
to the paper from Karachi, India.
. ‘ bociun led
my '52:: Aft:r_.I;.liteuh§ats

‘where. both in this country and in England

' smallthat
if .the

 

 22
MYSTERY FIRE DESTROYSJTAMOUS
mnnnousn

The ramshainble Phillips farmhouse, on De
Russey’s lane, background of the celebrated Hall-
Mills C886. was reduced to a mound of ashes rer
cently. Fire of unknown origin, raging in a
brisk wind, recently en lfed the property that
had acquired a crimino ogical fame before ﬁre-
men could get it under control. '

The bodies of the Rev. Edward W. Hall and
Mrs. Eleanor Mills were found 300 feet from the
dilapidated farmhouse ﬁve years ago, and the case
kept the place constantly pictured before the pub;
lic until last year, when Mrs. Hall and her two
brothers, Henry and “Willie” Stevens, were ﬁnal-
ly acquitted of connection with the crime,

The farmhouse, originally owned by the Do-
Rnssey family, after whom the now historic De-
Russey’s lane was named, has been untenauted

§?;‘é2,"‘“‘,§§{»‘;‘.‘..re’Ii°“1f,c“'a1"‘i‘ "°"*°“= '° “W..-
wide thou-

‘ ame as a lover's
place. Since its fame became world
sands of curious and others attracted by its hig-
tory have visited the scene and tri to the de-
sered place and its "crabapplew were still .
popular attraction for visitors here last summer.

 

CITIES ‘SEEK TO END GOITER BY IODINI

Pr t’ edi ‘ ' ' ' the;
on ‘3’.2s"}o..§i"°d.§i’ §n”a’n"“¢§m‘T£.'nL?u2s can
be osed through the public supply of 
water. . hfter the theory had been doinonstra
by experiment that endemic goiter is traceable
largely, if not entirely, to want of iodine in the
human system, public health oilicials began nook.
mg a means of supplying it. An earl nieaniu
was. the introduction of iodiud table t. Later,
an investigation showed that in a given commu-
nity the occurrence of endemic goiter was in in-
verse _rat_io to the amount of iodine in the su p
P1 _d"mk"18 Wit". and so the idea of arﬁgclz
iodina treatment for the city reservoir was con.
ceive

The ci of Rociieste th ' -
iodizatioify of drinking_lwr.:i§. xtpifrrezeehtmﬁthi:
estlmﬂted my!!! analysis. ,eve;ry person there take
some three gilligrams of iodine e year. Twice
a year 16.6 pounds of sodiuinviaine are dis-
solved in the water. '

~ is added every day, then every other day until

twenty—on l‘ ti 1;

October ...'1a‘“’ o$2?..i‘2'§“m§"pmeau"°°“ r’é“?i'°r'e,;"§‘."t.E

A8 8 1'9-Sllll’-. health authorities in Rochester mg

a reduction in the incidence of goiter there. mu.
, iodi-

zation of drinking water has also been under-

taken, though in some cosnniunities it has had b

 tup on account of the objection: rug.‘
i , .

Most 1' th ob ections coniinml ‘

_con_dinc go heaeltli iuuiioi-ities. are u:te1ii‘iiibl..ed.' 3'1:

iodine content at present coajidgjgd

to ho taste cannot bedcceetcdi‘

-.

k

  

 

 2.5;
g?

Old G1-aham’s Gold

On the right bank of the Hudson, a few miles
above the city of New Yor surrounded by state-
trees and what had once n a beautiful park,
ds a large, roomy old stone mansion.
—The present owner of Graham Grange was an
old man of some sixty or seventy years of age.
his neighbors, as well as all
who came in contact with him, as eccentric and
Graham
years before the opening of our story
from an uncle who h lived to a very ripe old
The uncle was a very rich and also a very
man. When he died everybody for
the range felt that he or she had
dead friend.
tuneral it was found that no will had
or it made, it was lost. Gerald Gra-
intorior of the State, was the near-
the only child of his only brother,
e became master oi the estate.
after Gerald Graham took posses-
th estatehe made a peremptory de-
r every penny due,’and would listen to

 

sit?
age

I

§§E;5""
~s

' did their wives appeal to Mrs. Gra-

he could do nothing with him.

e was a widow with one daughter when she
married Gerald Graham. The daughter was about
cars old at the time, and he had a son two

e45:
E

if

‘ — . She frankly told them that her husband was a
hard man, and that the lot of the poorest one
among them was a ha py one compared to hers.

, Time wore on, and c more people saw of Ger-
ald Graham the less they liked him. They would
have nothing to do with him, and when his hard-
worked wife died there were no friends of the
family to follow her to the grave.

. Years rolled on, and Clari Clark, the ste -

daughter, grew into a beautiful womanhood. S e

did. all the housework, for her stepfather would

no servant. Of course he paid her no

wages, and allowed her but two dresses and two
pairs of shoes a year.

His son George had grown to manhood-—a
strapping young fellow, with quite a _napt_itude
for business; but, though very rich._ his nnserly
would not give him a dollar with which to
do business, but insisted on his paying _for his
ltoaadsndlodgingaalongashereinainedat

ﬁrm for which Geo was
‘Is salary failed, and e was
hrwn out 0! employment. He tried in vain to

 anoth t ate at h ould
 wasad:ill,uazidr the mgiflgcet b:ersto¢£?d
i hopaidiorhiaweelrsboardonoday
""3-zi-ax“ ?£”'*wmsoii.:.‘ " I shall not be able to
V‘.  unlsealcanilndai

  
   
   
    
  
    
 
     
 

    
 
  

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKILYC

is"

week. Give ine back the money and I will go
away now. I d rather be turned out of doors

now with a few dollars in my pocket than at the

end of the week without a penny.”

The result was a quarrel, in which the old man
had the advantage in being master of the situa-
tion. At the end of the week George, having

been unable to ﬁnd work of any description,_

Clarissa went to the old man and said:

“Father, George has not been able to find work.
You surely will not turn him out of the house be-
cause he is not able to pay his board?"

Why should I take _care of one who is able to
work? he replied, testily. “He is as well able to
work as I am.”

_ “So he is. All he wants is the work to do, He
is ‘your son, and ” _

Oh, never mind that, girl. When a man is old
enough to take care of himself he should be made
‘°-‘ii’ 5?’ °“"i.

‘aer, ttobeash edf_ self"
Clari_ssa..cri}e?l‘.l 11)::-8 eyes ﬂashinigmindiognigtlry. I

“Silence, girl! Go on about your work, and let
me alone. I won’t ham 9. big, strapping fellow
living on me that way. Let him take care of him-
selufwhﬁe is Gable to work."'u -

en ,rse soe_s I go, too fath 2"
snz.E;;‘ed Clarissa, turning to leave the 'room. er
! What s that you say‘! You go, too, you

uuﬁateful hussyl”

n ' tefull she retorted. “Me ungrateful!
Why, _ve worked for .you six years without a
dollar in the way of wages.”

“Wages! You had your board and clothes!
What more do you want?"

_“Ten dgllars a year ays for all the clothes you
give me, she reto “I can get a place at
seven dollars a month at Doctor Huntington's,
and Iain going to go there if George goes away.’

While he was thinking of what he should say
Clarissa left the room and- went to meet George.

f‘I have heard all that took place between you,”
said George._ “You must not leave here, Clarissa.
Stay with him till I come back again, or I shall
never be able to hear from him or know how
things are. Times won't always be hard with
me as they are now. Conietwhat will, dear, I'll
never forget you and your kindness to me."

That evening Clarissa prepared su per as us-
ual, lookin pa e and tearful. Now 518$ George
was gone e old house would be simply unbear-
able. She had not a single companion among the
girls of the village, for the reason that not one
of them dared to come to'the house. The old
man looked up at her and said:

“You spoke of mg awa because George has
gone, Clarissa. I you do at not one penny of
my money will you ever call your own. Do you
understand that.” ‘-

“That does not move me in the least, lather,’
’h3il°plM" good thing to ha’ "‘ ma. shak

oney is a ve, ' -
h5ilﬁ"h°1‘d' ‘ ’ t to‘bu with," she

iso no accoun,,save ywi ro-

lied. “ltonedoénotuseitmtwhataeeonnth

t? Ihavebuttwopoordra-ea. What
would a million dollars‘ do me ifldid not
dreasasandsuchthl£”asIneed!‘ Listento
tether. You have a dds a

ill for. have

     

 4 the mornng.

 

’- V precious gold that was stolen.

 

, ‘FAME AND FORTUNE 

father was ever blessed with. But his father
lged a dollar more ‘than_ he loved his son. Be
auured that no good will come to you. You
“dill want George some day, and repent of what

‘— you have done.‘

‘..Wlth- that Clarissa turned and left the room.
' ' the old iniser to ponder on what she had

7A weekxlater was rent day and ‘the old miser
_.weat am his tenants and collected several
hundred do ars, which he carried home with him

and placed in his strong~box under the table in

his bedroom, intending to take it to the bank in

About midnight Clarissa heard a an» f°1'

,~ lowed by a hoarse cry, coming from 01 Graham's

She sprang out of bed, threw on a wrapper, and

 ' hastened to see what the matter was.

Just as she reached the door of the old man's
‘room she felt herself caught roughly by the arm»

» and a grulf voice say:

“Keep quiet, girl, an’ yer’ll get no_hurt_!”
She looked around, and by the dim light of a

candle saw a masked man at her side with a re-A

volver in his right hand. . _ .
 ' sa then sank down, woman-like, in a dead

in

“That's all right,” growled the burglar, turn-

ing away. “She is 01! my hands now, and I’ll at-

tend ‘to you, old man.” _ - ‘

. It was then the burglar espied the strong-box
under the table. He released the pressure on the
old man's neck and said:

zgave you the key to that box?'’.
0 I

Be searched the old man’-'2 P0¢k3t3 and f°‘md

.. ﬁveral keys, one of which ﬁtted the lock on the
x

rge—Geo' l Clarissa!” he cried in his
ltony. whilst thlegburglar was ﬁlling his pockets
“With the money he found in the box.

When Clarissa came'to she heard her step-
tather ning at a terrible rate. She scram-
bled to er feet and gazed around the room.

“Why, where is the robber?” she exclaimed. ”

“He II he with my precious gold. Oh, oh, oh!
Ind the o d man’s groans were awful to hear.

She got a knife and cutligheiiiignclgovseécfigg

“Geo

n tearing his

the box
 and howling with grief over is loss.’

AB. soon as she could Gerald Graham 1'€P01'ted‘

loss to th ‘ thoribs and was told
t the propeel'IS,tr:[1)’Se!l;0a‘ﬁ1nd the rbbber would be
ilken. But it was the last he ever heard of the

old Doctor Eunti n brou ht Cla~
a It was from_ eors9._te in: he!‘
‘that he had found a good situation in the city-
Ind that he would send her a present for her

. ha .
 tg t sawléhgi with the letter, and

C»  how it was from George, and asked her if it

   
   
  
 
  

I it C  father,” she replied, “he has a situation

$U;.th«_e city where cargmake a good living-3.
That day the old man wrote to him

3
z
3

 

requested, however. 
‘ sent. -   ~

»  backethathewouldnever cross.

~ M G2-h-Wenze #4?“ “F?  W.  

    

could do so independent of his father in a ﬁnan-
cial sense.

That _made the old man very mad.

_“Clarissa!” he cried, "I am going to make my
will, and if you will promise me not to give
George Graham a dollar of my property I’ll make
you my heir.”

“I'll promise you that, father,” she said. .

The village lawyer came, drew the will, had it
roperly signed andwitnessed, and, after getting’
‘s fee, went away. , e

That night Gerald Graham died in his sleep, of
heart disease, and early the next morning Claris-v
sa telegraphed the fact to George. .

He came up on the next train and went up to
the house.

Clarissa received him with openvarms, and left
the sole charge of the funeral with him. >

He had the old man decently buried, and’the-
day following‘ the village lawyer told him about
the old man's will. ' . = ._

He was thunderstruck. V ‘ .
“Why did you not tell me about the 

Clarissa?” he said a few_ hours later. ,

“Because I did not think about it,” she said.‘
“It was made in my favor on inly pi-omisenot to
give you a dollar of the estate. made the prom-
ise, of course, reserving the right to sell it to u. '
You can have the entire property for one d at.
Can you afford to pay so much?’

“Oh, yes," he said, handing her the dollar.‘
"It’s mine now, is it?”

“Yes, it's all yours.” ‘

' "Well, now,” and he took her hand in his, “Y
am going to buy a wife with it. I’ll give you tht
whole estate for your hand in marriage. What
say you?” ‘ ‘

Woinamlike, she had to pretend to faint, and
then asked him if he loved her.

He vowed that he did, and a few months later‘
they were married. g

\

 uoo—:—

 

cs

BOGUS “BAD MAN" JAILED

Richard. P. English, 31 years old, was sent to
the workhouse for ten days on a vagrangy charge
recently by Magistrate William C. Dodge in e
Tombs Court, when a detective told the Court
that the man had been proved not to be the bold, '
bad criminal he had painted himself recen 4
when he surrendered at the station. , ' 

English was intoxicated when he told the de-
tective he was a fugitive from Chicago, where, he .
said, he had swindled a priest out of $70,000, and
that the Cleveland police also had-been seeking
him in connection with a series of larcenies in »
fake real estate transactions. ‘A telegram from
the ..Chicago police was to the effect that Englislim.» ‘
was not wanted there. Another tel from
the Cleveland police, he added, said that altliowf’
a complaint. had been lodged against English
there some time ago, it had wen withdrawrrzmgd
English‘ was not wanted. The  
 at the

. , , A

 

    
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  

’_ The ppﬁsomﬁ L . 1;   
ﬁve‘: report. .  “a

   

 

  
   

_ ‘J’ ' '
“TIGER” CABRIES ON WITH TRADITIONAL

GALLANTRY . ~
Geor Clemenceau, “Father of the Victory"
neared by.the_ armistice nine years ago, cele-
theianniver ' y in his apartment
The Friendly ssociation of Vendeens in
' of whiehclemenceau, who a country
t_on the Vendee coast, is president. called
Two young women in Vendeen cos-

Savehimﬂowers. .

ition," said the “Tiger,” “is that when

ladies offer ﬂowers to an old man he

 them. Let us take advantage of
n._" He, did. -

 ,
E» .l

or, \

   

iiiiii

 

 ‘_ ‘ moor raoors ro %t%ELL EXTREMISTS
I . ‘ . IN ANCE

k‘ new armed foree,to handle -riots and ex-
trmist de'nmonsti:tiﬁ'1o‘i: hast bean esiéablifled.
Troops no 1- used or is ex rs ic-
xuthat ilsm_g:quently‘necessary in Paris and

' Two legions organized into companies like regi-
ments, but otherwise like the zendarmerie, _or
eimstabulary, will have contingents in the prin-
elpal cities ready to go into action at any time.

This force ‘was formed t4€e:!‘i!8blfet(i10n8cl'l.ptSf,_ now

. tying yone yearlns o_ ree, as._orm-

i erly; _to ‘£11:-e all their time to intensive inilita1'Y
. 9'3“?-

C1

 

14 CITIES IN ENGLAND ELECT WOMEN
MAYOKS '

Of the numerous Mayors elected in English
and Welsh towns, fourteen of them are women,‘
including Miss Mar Beavan. Welfare
Worker, Lord Mayor o Liverpool.

‘ , It is an anomaly in British civil life that women
if Mayors are not Mayoresses. That title is re-
' served for the wife or other woman whom the
Ma r a hit: to assist at social functions.

‘Hus rs. Welsh, the new Mayor of South-
hmpton, appointed her daughter Mayoress to
share the social burden of the oﬁice.

of
P5

 

says" MAN USED Eggm 45o,ooo YEARS

    
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  

-' ; Man has been an‘ intelligent creature for

ssoﬁoo years in.the opinion of Dr. K. M. Ami.

_ I. 5.00., President of the Canadian School of

‘ Pro-h‘ ry in France, who has just ‘returned

» ht abroad with 5,000 specimens illustrating the-
.qalutiono'f man’: industrial implements.

: .. ‘ Aid for the past threemonths has been

h-'I|e- Mousterian deposits near Bor-

eoncession -

co6'D’RsAn1N,c

 

the _French'

 peaceful bod
. way?"

. . . g ..r' 3 ,- _ —
~ Z'.‘—..»i-~»....“.“...’.'.‘-i.l4..a'~,-‘1.‘.- ~I'r€‘6'-I.‘-"Q5. .i’£agv.¢‘l .4-ﬁg}-'_' h“’§;_4;"

. I
Doctor Ami’ that in not alw engag
in ﬁghting and was iiildedvdasery indns?i"ous in
8180181 ages. “Primitive man's lexterity in the‘-

manufacture of carving tools and similar instru- .

ments is amazing," he said.

MURDERER TAKES BRIDE IN TOMBS 

Edward J. Glasser, twenty-seven, sentenced re-
cently in General Sessions to serve twenty years
to life imprisonment for the murder of a clerk
in the Hotel Charles, Jan. 2'! last, was married
in the Tombs chapel a few -hours after Judge
Nott had pronounced his sentence.

The bride was Miss Mary Konkle, eighteen,.ef’
No. 204 East 126th street. The ceremony was.

rformed in the presence of Warden Robert Barr,
eelpers and risoners, by the Rev. Dr. John '1‘.
W1 es, of e Seventh Presbyterian Church,
Broome and Rid streets, and was witnessed by
the mothers of e prisoner and the bride. »

Mrs. Glasser, accompanied by several girl
friends during the wedding, left the prison short-
ly after the ceremony. Her mother, Mrs. William
Konlgle, also lives at No. 204 East 126th street.

To obtain a marriage license it was necessary
to take a deposition from the prisoner. Glaseer,
in addition to his sentence, receives an automatic
sentence of ﬁve years under the Baumes law for
having a revolver. _

REDS WILL SWEEP EUROPE IN NEXT
WAR, SAYS STEED
An American doctrine of peace will do more
to end future wars than any other movement in

the world today” Henry Wickrnan Steed, former .-».
l

aid to the late scount Northcliﬂe and now edi-
tor of the London Review of Reviews declared re-
cently at a meeting of the Buﬂalo ltotary Club.

Another world war, he said, would mean the
spread of Bolshevisni over the entire Continent
and would find the masses unwilling to light as
theﬁqdid in 1914.

“ e people of England are uncertain what the
United States would do if there was a war in
Europe," said Mr. Steed. “That is why I advo-
cate a peace doctrine and I have not heard a dis-
senting voice here in the United States
where I have prmched my policy. Editors have

with me in several cities where I have
outlined my theory and I have not received a
single objection anywhere in the United Stats.
It is simply. this: , ,

“Will America keep its hands entirely free of
European aﬂairs, but lay down _an American
doctrine of peace as fundamental as the Monroe
Doctrine, which has inﬂuenced international rela-
tions for a century? This doctrine would _be,'<ia
eﬂect, that if any nation on in a dispute.
whichdemsndssresorttovioeneeor A
without having submitted the dispute to

or " submitted‘ to some
hustsuent, anﬂd. if the other
tes refuse to aid

means of
take
United

4 e.
’ . u

.1‘
u

<-
_ ._ _.

L.

aggressor-in

 

     

 
  
     
  

'0 . DEER VISITS LUNCHROOM
2. A young and curious buck deer wandered up
 street, one of the city’s business thor-
,  ares, shortly before dawn recently and
l  ii plate glass entrance to a
‘ . After capering over tables the deer
~-« back through the door into the street,
and when last seen was heading toward the
ﬁountry behind Vassar College.

- ‘ ONE-ARM LUNCHES MADE THOMPSON

,000,000

» From the one-arm lunch room John R. Thomp-
- son amassed a fortune of $6,000,000, an invento
.*_ _ of his estate, ﬁled recently, shows. - _ '
‘ The principal item in the will of the late chain

«restaurant operator is 74,698 shares of ca ital
‘ stock in the John R. Thanfson Securities 80111-
pany, holding company for unch rooms. -

' Executors of the estate are John R. Thompson,
jr., a son; Ben M. Henrikson and the Commer-
cial Trust and gavings Bank of Chicago.

BRITISH COXEY’S ARMY FOLLOWS
CAESAR'S WAY _
. Roads built for the war chariots of Julius
' Caesar led the way for Cook’s ‘army of unem-
ployed into Bath recently.
The 400 jobless men collected b A. J. Cook,
Score of the British Miners’ ederation, for
-—'a 200 mi march to London was divided into two
detachmenfs when it completed its second day's
. journey. The column separated at lunch time
when it proved necessary to serve two messes in-
stcad of one from the rolling kitchen that accom-
‘ ' the men from Wales. The first detach-
ment reached here shortly after 5 o'clock and the
other soon after. ~
Upon arrival the marchers were quartered in
halls that had been-engaged and placed in readi-
T Bess by local sympatliizers. The hosts served hot
meals and arranged for various entertainments,
including a dance. Only a few of the younger

 

_ marchers felt light enough on foot for such athle-

tic amusement after the ﬁfteen mile hike from
Bristol. ' ‘

 "'rr-s CI-IILLY our," GANG HEAD WARNS_

" VICTIMS HE LEAVES TROUSERLESS

' ’ .“Don’t catch cold,boysl"'was the parting quip
0! the leader of a ng of ﬂve'hold-up men who
. entered the Circolo ersa Italia, and Italian social

. F club headquarters, No. 279 South Sixth street,

.-Newark, recently, and took $800 -in cash and
iewelry from the twenty members and then made
than remove their trousers to insure .the gang's

getaway.
- y A The club members, engaged in card games and’
2 other diversionsgsoon after midnight, were sud-
‘ Jlgnly confronted with a sawed-oi! shotgun in the
gag leader’: hands, covering them in short arcs.
‘ no time at all their own hands shot upward.
the shotgun holder stationed one of '
door and ordemd the members into a
There, they were tricked by the other

I  mo FORTUNE wssnr
CURRENT NEWS

e

“Now take 08 your pants," commanded the
leader. Embarrassed and afraid they might be
shot if they lowered their hands. the members
hesitated. But, reassured by “I won't shoot you
if you behave,” they complied.

Then the leader, laughing, mixed up the trou-
sers with his shotgun and saunter-ed out of the
club with his henchmen, only stopping at the door
for a warning it was chilly outside.

When one of the members ﬁnally had found
his trousers and sumiuoned police, the hold-up
men had made good their escape.

TO BAR WOMEN IN CHOIRS

The Right Rev. William A. Hickg has suggested
to pastors of Roman Catholic urches ' the
Dovidence Diocese that they gradually eliminate
women from eir parish choirs. The Bisho 'a
suggestionw basedonadecreeofPiua
issued in 1908, which condemned the use of female
singers in church services. Lack of male
singers was given as the reason for fa’ , to 3

‘A re resentative of the Catholic Church said
that o 3/ male choristers were during
the mid le ages, but that after the Reformation
female voices were introduced into church music
and parts were written especially for them.

The revival of the plain chant came early in
this century, when Pius X. took the art of tho
exclusive male choir, although he toerated the
presence of female singers under special circum-
stances.

. eliminate the women hitherto.

DRUG WHOLESALERS PLEDGE SUPPORT
TO PRO!-IIBITION

Support of Dr. J. M. Doran as prohibition com-
missioner “in the strict enforcement of the pro-
hibition laws,” is one of the chief purposes of a
program of activities, centering on research
adopted‘ by the National Wholesale Drugg-ists'
Association, according to Sewell Cutler, of Boston,
whose election as president of the association was
announced recently through the Drug Trade Bu-
reau of Public Information, 51 Maiden Lane.

“The association," Mr. Cutler said in making
public plans to develop fair practices in trade.
“will enter actively into the developmuit of a
platform of busines priiidples which we believe
constitute sound economics and fair trade prac-
tice and which we hope may serve as a guide to
the entire drug indus '."

Mr. Cutler made_(pu ic a letter from President
Coolidge which sai _: “Trade organizations, in-
spired by high motives and properly managed,
can be of great beneﬁt not only to their mem-
bers, but to the blic as well.”

The attitude o Secretary of Commerce Hoover
is declared in a resolution to be constructive and
sympathetic toward trade asao1eiations._ _In con. .
trolling credit _and collections, the association 
foster preventive rather than curative
it was announced. Ithas been proard to

.”~—.
 .

  

not only business. I turns of 
who buy. but also ‘  demonic
outlaws. _ ’

 

—

   

 

  

1118 The Little
' street

 

  
  
   
 

 

1110 Favored by Fortune; or. The Youngest Firm
in Wall Street.

1111 Jack J asper’s Venture: or, A Canal Route to
Fortune.

1112 After Big Money; or. Turning the Table!
on the Wall Street Brokers.

1113 A Young Lumber King; or. The BOY W110
Worked His Way Up.

1114 Ralwh Roy’s Riches; or, A Smart Boy’a Run
of Wall Street.

1115 A Castaway’: Fortune; or. The Hunt for 8

Pirate’: Gold.
Money Maker: Or. The W‘
Boy Who Saved the Market.

111'! Rough and Ready Dick: or. A Young Ex-
press Agent’: Luck. ,

5 1118 Tipped 08 by Telegraph: or. Shaking Up
Bears.”

the Wall Street "

11!! The Boy Builder: or. The Rise of a Young
Mason.

1120.Mart%,' the Messenger: or, Capturing Coin
in all Street.

1121 The Stolen Bank Note: or. The Career of a
Boy Merchant.

1122 D’ ' U Dollars; or, The Nerve of a
‘§'§i1nng2 “B)ull” Operator.

1128 A Runaway 30!: or. The Buried Treasure
of the Incas.

. 1124 The Old Broker’: Heir; or, The Boy Who

Won In Wall Street.

1125 Frown*Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy Who
Made Money In Land.

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 From
a Dime.

“*7 “.:.£.°a‘.‘:‘:.';'::.::*:°.ri;.:r' '“*° °°"‘

d D’ k. the B B0 Broker; or Hua-
u28'D?1'in§ :3: Gold in allustreet. ’

1120 htB Cannibals:orTheT1-easureot
Chg Lancyl of Fire. _

Litth rato ; C rin the
mo n’-gem” «Vin Streetr °r' me 3
1181 Air Line Ed: or Building a Telegraph Line.
1182 ATE: at the Curb; or, The Secret of a

aaury Note.

1331? F drylio toSteel Kinllior. The
1 ‘Riga 0?: YoungyBridge Builder.

 

 

Fame and F011 ne ‘ Weekly " it
- . ‘-—Latest Issues-

1'1s4 The Missing Box of Bullion: or, The Boy "75

Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery.

1135 Claim No. 7 ; or, A Fortune from a Gold
Mine.

1136 Out for Big Money; or, Touching Up the
Wall Street Traders.

1137 The‘ Boy_ Ice King; or, Coining Money From
the River.

1138 Four of a Kind; or, The Combination that
Made Wall Street Hum. '

1139 Bob Brandon Contractor; or The Treasure
That Led To Fame.

1140 A vBv<;sil lg1£¢;.;n;ttl(x:e_oS:>‘\lz.th; or,  Out a

1141 Hal, the Hustler; or, The Feat That Made
Mini Famous.

1142 A Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner that .

Couldn't Be Worked.

1148 Dollars From Dust: or, The Boys Who
Worked a Silver Mine.
The

1144 Big; Black, the Broker’s Son;
orst Boy in Wall Street.
1145 Adrift In the See; or, The Treasure of
Lone Reef.

1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The Boy
Who Puzzled the Brokers.

1147 Wireless Will; or, The Success of a Young
Telegraph Operator.‘

1148 Wall Street Jones; or~Trimming the Tricky
Traders.

1149 Fred the Faker; or, The Success of a Young
Street Merchant.

1150 The Lad From ‘Frisco; or, Pushing the
“Big Bonanza.”

1151 The Lure of Gold; or, The Treasure of
Coﬁin Rock.

1152 Money Maker Mack; or, The Boy Who
Smashed a Wall Street ‘‘Ring.''

1153 Missi For a Year; or, Making a Fortune
in iamonds.

1154 Phil, the Plunger, or; A Nervy Boy’: Game
of Chance.

1155 Samson, the Boy Blacksmith; or, From the
Anvil to Fortune.

1156 Bob's Big Risk; or, The Chance That Club
But Once. _ -

1157 Stranded in the Gold Fields; or, The Treas-

- ure at Van Dieman'a Land.

01‘:

|r'¢.a_a|e>byallaewadaalera.e|-willlseuattoaay add:-an oareeeipt of nriealeaata an-elpy,h

I T», WESTBURY PUBLlSlilNG CO., Inc.

  

NewYoIk ca,‘

    