NEW YORK, JULY 2, 1926

  

Price 8 Cents

   

"Want ta know what we're gain‘ to do with you chaps?" asked Blizzard. glaring down at Vance
Vumon and Murphy, the track-walker “You'll be tied to them rails with yer
back ag’in the rock How d'ye like the prospect?"

  
  

 
 

 l 7‘ .'W’obkl ——s b iptlon ice, $4.50 . year.
; ~, . pooii.oor‘§_'fés Westp§3d Street, ‘iiéw

do   l=AlliiA.iln irokilllu-2‘ WEVEKLY

0 ll , .50- 1!‘ .00. Weatbu Publi (Jo In ;
York, ‘i3."r? illilwied of: n’ as '7 Octobléni, " °"
. 1911, at the Post-Oﬂice at New York, N. 1., under the Act of March . '

ond-Class Matter

3,5879

NEW. YORK, JULY 2, 1926.

Price 8 Cents.

‘ g~No. 1083

   
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
    

5 CHAPTER I.——lIn Which Our Hero Saves’
. Girtie Garnett.

“Help! Help! Help!"_
It was the cry of a girl in mortal _terror, and
w:a,s;_fpllowed by a succession of shrill screams.
,  of dire distress came from beyond
e turn of a country road late on a bright sum-
eu afternoon. ‘They reached the ears of a stal~
, artygood-looking, but rather oorly-dressed boy
who-was walking along the hig way with a small
 suspended over his right shoulder on the end
of ,a‘ stout stick. V ‘ l

The boy’s name was Vance Vinton, and he was
a stranger in that locality. . _
-“The landscape roundabout was a typical rural
* ne of hill and dale, through which a serpentine
jam sparkled in the light of the declining sun.
-: LMi1es,away to the. right ran the steel’ track
‘ pd .woolien‘ties of a railroad which crossed the
3?”-F1’1,Dn a stone culvert, and ﬁnally disa peared
bliind a longistretch of woods, the dar green
tint of which relieved the eye in that direction.
\.:;p The boy's face, hands and garments gave evi-
 of a. long day’s tramp upon the country

’,!*oad;" The cries and screams ahead, breaking
‘suddenly in upon his monotonous walk, galvwiize
hiiiipinto new life. The tired look vanished from
his face as he looked up in a startled way, and his

‘ 1 ‘had lacked animation, quickened
. ,Y- ‘ »
,“"l.‘here’a something doing yonder,” he muttered
0.,.=‘bit excitedly. “Some girl is in trouble, and it

 

 
 
  
  
  
     
   
     
   
    
  

me to do what I can for her.”
‘He broke into a run.”
“Help! Help! Help! came the strenuous ap-
 with more screams, more urgent if
anything than before.
’ -«“'Geel I wonder what's the matter?''. breathed
th_ejbo‘y,. increasing his pace. ' _
,Ar,ound,.the turn of the road came a girl, ﬂying
‘ f speed, and close behind her came a
‘oleﬁn do , with bloodshot and glaring
 s o foam dropping from his open
.  which protruded a red tongue. Ha
common animal, but a half-grown, full-
_  ed; Danish hound. A hea _
3; neck from which depended a roken chain that
"iﬁ§2'1‘e_(i:‘_lJ..p‘ the dust as he ﬂew along after the girl.
“Bays me? Oh. save/me!” shrieked the girl, as

   
    
  
   
   
   

   

  

 

   
 
 

ﬁe_ems~ to be mighty serious, too. I guess it’s up to.

collar encircled '

    A nor wml A can“
on, THE rouuc SALESMAN wilo MADE HIS MARK

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

her frightened eyes made out Vance Vinton ad-

vancing on the run. '
Vance didn’t require a second ap cal to his

chivalrous youn nature. He was a y of grit

and courage, an the spectacle before him aroused

all his energies.

_Dumping his grip into the road without stop- " V’ til‘:
ping he dashed between the girl and the ‘animal, _.
sweep of his heavy stick, A

andiwith a lightni
fetched the hound a low between the eyes that
brought him down on his haunches. Before the
animal could rise he swung the stick again, and a
second thud laid the animal out, stiff and sense-~
less. Making sure that the animal was hors‘ de
combat Vance turned around to reassure the

girl, wiio had fallen in a dazed heap in the dust. .

"She sobbed and trembled violently as he picked
her ‘up. Though an exhausted and somewhat be-
dragged. little wreck of her natural self, Vance
could see with half an eye that she was a be-
witching little beauty. _
‘ “Brace up, miss}? he said in‘ 8. reassuring tone.
"You are safe."

“Safel" she cried with a shudder. “Where in
Prince?"

‘‘Prince!’' ejaculated Vance. “Oh, you mean
the dog?”

“Yes, yes.”

“I laid him out as ﬂat as a pancake with my
stick.” ’

“You did! How brave you are!" she cried

admiringly. “You saved my life." 
' “I won't say I didn’t, for he looked mighty I

vicious. Is he your dog?”

“No. He belongs to Arthur Hoover. Did " '
kill him?" she added, glancing fearfully at at
senseless beast.

“I don’t know, and I ‘don‘t care, for that mat- V W .
If I did, he didn't get any more than was ‘

ter.
coming to him.”

“Arthur will be terribly angry."

“I can’t help that. The d would have bl17ben.i* '

yo‘u§—maybe badly. I suppose e broke his chain.”
‘ es. ’ >

“He looks like a valuable animal but the owner a

should have taken extra precautions withsuch
a 21: e brute.”

‘ ccwell.

. . - I

in not  to apologize for layingliiln

   
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

ll’. rth 500. E'1lb T
o o. .;g.:ai':..?»»“ "° * . ° ° "W

    
     

 I‘ . om. hilt was

 

 

I on your staying.”

A road. One of his

;could hardly be calle
..: habitual expression was not pleasant.

   
 

     

guess, you’re the most important _of the two.
“Yes, es. - I'm ver grateful to you."
“Thats all ri ht. ou’re welcome. Can I do
anything more or you?” ' I .
“I should like you to go home with me. I feel
weak and frightened yet.”
“I will do so with pleasure, miss."
“Thank you. My name is‘ Gertie Garnett."
“And mine is Vance Vinton.”
:You"are a stranger in this neighborhood?”

“Are‘you walking to the station? It’s along

‘ distance from here———all of seven miles.”

“No. I’m looking for Berkeley village, where
I intend to stay for the night.”

“That is a mile ahead on this road. I live in
a big house this side of it. My father is presi-
dent of the Berkeley Bank. Are you coming to
visit any one in the village?” ,
I “.No’,,I’m making my way to New York as best

can..

.‘‘You’re not walking to New York?” she ejac-

' ulated in astonishment.

“Well, I was under the impression that I Was,”
he laughed.
, ‘fWhy, New York is,,200 miles from-— here.”
“Then I’m more than half-way there.”
“Why, how far have you walked?”
I “About 250 miles.”
“My goodness! You don’t mean tha.t?”~
“Yes, I do. I come from Blanktown, and I've
walked every step of the way.’’ ‘
“Wl1y?” she asked, with evident curiosity.
“Because I’m hard up, for one thing.”
“Haven’t you “any money?”
“Ifve ten cents.”
‘fls that all?”
“That’s all,” he replied cheerfully. '
“And where do you expect to stay at the vil-
e? ' »
%At the hotel, if there's one there, if the pro-
prietor will let me work out my supper, breakfast
and a bed.” _ .
‘ “You shan’t do my such thing. You shall stay
at our house. You saved my life, and my father

«-and mother will be glad to help you in any way
I they can.”

“I'm much obliged, but I wouldn't like to put
them to any inconvenience.” .
“How can you say that’! Father will insist

, “If he insists I sup ose Ivcan’t help myself, but -

 I'm rather a. shabby- ooking person to‘ accept the ‘
V hos ﬁtality of the president of the villa e bank.”

“ onsense!” re lied Miss Gertie, wit a little

imperious toss of er shapely head, which showed

 I that she was in the habit of having her own way

to a considerable extent. “Come, now, let us go
7!

o»n;‘Very well. I am at your service," said Vance,

picking up his grip.

At that moment a dark~featured, rather hand-

’ some boy came jogging around the turn in the
hands was bound up with a .

Althou h good looking, his face
an attractive one. HIS
He looked
as if he thought a whole lot of himself. .
‘fl-Iere’s Arthur Hoover now,”’sa1d Gertie ap-

handkerchief.

 grehe sively.V “Pm afraid he'll say harsh things

   

hen", e sees ,h1sidVoz-"

your life [against the dog*’s,:‘a1,i,ld‘ Ill -

know.” I

   

"Oh.-»there«y‘ou are.’ Gertie," _sai,d.;th,e no .
comer. i.“S.o Prince didn’t hurt gyoufafter‘ all.
Where is he?’f V ‘ .   ‘
"There," said the girl, pointing behind. - 
“I_,')ead!" gasped youn . Hoover, .9. black;*
coming on his face. “ o killed~him'."’»  '
“Pin not sure th§1t"he’s'dead,’7 replied vanes,
speaking u ; “but It was methat lardghim‘
“You d1 !” roared Arthur. f‘How do‘
touch my dog? I’ll have you arrested.”  w * ,_
“I had to hit him to save this y1oun§'”l‘adly’a life.
He "was just about to spring on er when lljcamg

 

“P- .
“You had no right to strike my dog,” snar ’
the boy furiously. “If you’ve killed him you a_ 
pay dearly for it.” ,    ‘
“I’m not worrying about that,” answeredv ' '1
coolly. “I had the right to handle the’ani1,nai in
the most effective and uickest way I could under ;
the circumstances. I. on"t believe anybod‘,—;;v_nl3: 2
blame me for what I did even if I kille “your 
dog. At any rate I’m willing‘ to take the; 1361:’ '
sequences of my -act.” ‘ ‘ 7 _ _ 
“Who are you, anyway?” ‘ y
“My name is Vance Vlnton.”  ‘ ;
“You don’t belong around here. I believe on
a tramp. My father will have you‘ put,‘  32_
lockup and sent to prison. Mydog is wortli,_$liO9
You had no right to kill him. You“ so-n
punished severely for doing so.”,  .. *‘
Almost frothing with rage Arthur Hoover’ 1;?
over to his animal, which was beginning-;to* sh‘
si s of coming to. . '   
‘Let us go,”, said the girl anxiously, for _
feared there would be trouble ,be.tween'the b 3;:
. “I’m ready,” replied Vance. , ‘ ~  _
So off they went up the road, lea’ving,Ho0vie'
with his reviving property. , I , 

     
  
  
 
        

.«. «1”«.»?T‘..

 

CHAPTER II.—-—InIWhich Our use
That He Is Under Arrest- ‘

 

scenes

  
  
  
  
  



“Why are you going to Newlfforkll ,
ey had gone a short’ clisftang

Gertie after t
their way. . . . ,, _ I

“To make a start in life,” replied vauoe.

“Cou1dn’t you do that at,h_.o_me’l’,’ 

“I have no home,” answered the boy 

o’l’1ome!” she ejaculated in surprise’.

I 0. ' _ .

“Are your father and mother. dead?”

“They are.” . ’ .

‘‘Haven’t you any brothers, or sisters
actives?" '_ x W ;

“I have no brothers or sisters. Ivhaive 
on my mother’s side in New England, but/‘I. ,
have they have never taken any ppajrticular“-’  I
terest in me, so I am not/going to. bother them ..
about my future.” V "   _

“So ou’re all alone in the world,”~sh
sympat etically.   " '

“Yes, I’m am alone.” . ‘ ~ ,

“I’m sorry, for I think you're a nicesho .

“Thank you for the compliment,‘  

   
  
   
 
   
   
 
  
  

  
    
   
   
   
 

"‘Oh, dear. how can you say‘that‘Z” 5
fir] blu.shing1y.' ’

  

’ “Look how mussedu
am really ashamed to‘ be ' ’ I’

  
 
  

 

   

 
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
    
 
 
   
   
  
   
    

‘ “You're not mussed ii much.”
“I think I look fright ul.” . .
_ __“Th‘e‘n I don’t.know what I look like. That boy
uwho owns the dog called me a tramp. I didnt
 think I looked quite as bad as ‘that, but-—— __
' ' “You don’t'look the least bit like a tramp,” said
' . Gertie‘ positively.
. ‘‘I’m afraid you want to let me down easy.
" I-Iovirever, there is nothing of the tramp about me
*'othe_r» than my shabby‘ appearance. It is no
disgrace that I know of for a boy to have to

fare.” '
' , “Father will give you money to buy a ticket
to New York.” _ *
*~“Nn. I"wouldn’t accept it. As I've walked
I three-fifths of the way there now I can manage
to cover the balance all right.”
’ ‘foh, but. you mustnft walk any further. I
, 3119,11 insist that you ride the rest of the way.”_
,“Y’r,u don't know what good exercise walking
s,” laughed Vance. W
~ ‘“What did you do when the weather was bad .
»,“I'stayed at farmhouses along ‘my route." "
' “.What*do you think of doing in New York?
A" _“Look for work." .
a ‘'’‘'‘‘.My father has a cousin in New York in.the
wholesale furniture business. I'll tell him he must
. ' we on a letter of introduction to him. Maybe
1 Xppleby will be able to give you a position
I1 i,hiS;:,S,tore' I , l . .
. They weren_ow_ drawing near the village which
-,_ lay» beyond a dip in the road. _ _ .
' “There is our house,” said the girl, pointing at-
."i/iite a pretentious mansion that stood back
’ ’ om the road in the midst of well—kept grounds.
.“That other house further on is where A_1'tl1_l-U-'
Hoover~lives. His ‘father is a lawyer and Justice
‘of; the peace, and is very. well off. Arthur goes
to atboarding .acade_my in Haywood, some dis-
"t'aLnce‘from here. He is home on his summer vaca-
 tio1.i.’,’ I I
., < ‘£1: I nd he are particular friends?"
N” , 'i‘N3:1pp]:o?(‘§o1y19g1 like _him much. He is ‘not a
’£§1easant,boy, but as his parents are rich, and of
portance in the ne'1ghb_or_hood, my father and
mother encourage his visits at our house. I
.wouldn’t mind if he never com . He can be very
disagreeablesometimes. e V .
Gertie led the way to her front gate. Vance
opened the gate for her to enter and then hung
‘baa ’ '

 

 

 

  
    
  
  
  
   

L  , 4}({-fome,'’ she said, “don’t stand outside. My
 father’ is sitting on the porch reading a paper. I
wiaiﬁto introduce you, and tell him how you saved
A me  a,. dreadful death.”
 So Vance followed her up the graveled path to
 mg a‘.?tIlIc¢:;," ' said Gertie, ‘as they ascended the
‘ arch, "this is Vance Vinton, He saved _me from
' geing; killed by Arthur Hoover's dog Prince.
in “Whatl" gasped the village banker. “He saved
§:¢;;ii,£rcm_ ” _ . .
Gertie‘ at once explained how Prince, the,Dan1sh
h‘ound‘,”,h'a'd. broken his chain and chased her

      

 

     

r 8 I03 - . - ,
.75:-:li'e've he would have torn me to pieces only
' ~ﬂiis’"boy who came to my aid and knocked

“dggl senseless just as he was about to spring
tug,» She I V , V , ‘

A
7

A BOY  GRIT

walk’ because he’s got no money to Pay 1‘ai11‘°ad

   

The banker got up and seizing Vance by the
hand shook it warmly, at the same time express-
ing his appreciation of the boy's plucky service

, to his daughter.

“Father, I have invited Mr. Vinton to silty with‘
us till to-morrosv. He is on his way to New York,
and intended stopping all night in the village. I
wish him to stop here, so please make him wel-
come."

Mr. Garnett at once told Vance that it would
give him much pleasure to have his company, at
the house.

“Come inside and let me introduce you to Mrs.
Garnett. Gertie, find your mother and send her '
into the parlor,” he said, leading the way indoors.

Gertie hurried away, found her mother in the
dining-room,’ and acquainted her with the partic-
ulars of the stirring adventure she had had down
the road. So when. Mrs. Garnett entered the
parlor she knew how Vance had probably saved-

ing words, and welcomed him to their home.
Vance was shown to a room on the second floor
and provided with means to make himself as
presentable as possible. Then Gertie took pos-
session of ‘him as her own particular company,
and by the time supper was on the table they were
talking together like old friends.

Afterward Gertie told her father about Vance's
unfortunate pecuniary condition, his purpose in
going to New York, and her desire that her
father should give him a letter of introduction »
to his cousin, the furniture man, requesting him
to give Vance employment if possible. The banker
promised to write the letter and advance the boy
money enough to pay his fare to the cit by rail,
with a sufficient additional amount to keep him
until he got a situation.

Vance passed the pleasantest evening of his
life with the Garnetts, and they, on their part,

did everything they could to make him feel at
home.

She made him promise that he would write to
her when he reached the city, and let her know
how he was getting along, and she assured him
that she would answer every one of his letters
without fail. Vance prepared to start on his
way after_ breakfast.
his library and handed him the letter of intro-
duction to his cousin, Wilford Appleby. Then he
gave Vance ﬁve ten—dollar bills. The boy at first‘
refused to. accept them, but when Mr. Garnett

insisted he accepted them as a loan. The banker

admired the lad’s independent spirit, and felt .
sure he would get along in the world all right.

A: Gertie and her mother were bidding Vance,
goo -by on the porch, Tompkins, the village
constable, opened the gate and came toward the
house. The banker looked at the visitorwith some
surprise.

“What is it, Mr. Tompkins?” he asked.

“I understand that your daughter brought a
young man to your house late yesuirtay after-9
noon, '-he said in a respectful way. ,

“She did. What of it, Mr.'Tompkins?”: A '

“‘IIts that the young fellow?” nodding at Vance... »
‘ is. » , I I i ‘ v . , _ '

“Then I have ‘a warrant issued by Squire ..
Hoover foighia arrest."   ;. g V W;

    
 

‘her daughter’s life, and she thanked him in feel- ‘ . it "

 

The banker- took him into 1 / 4, 7:)

 

 

  
  

 . curious villagers.

‘quested to tell his story.

 
 

 

74 V  i   T ‘A A’ so3'riwI'i*iii"GRi*r'

CHAPTER III.——In Which Our Hero Meets With
a Bunch of Train Wreckers.’

“Do you mean to say that you have a warrant
from Squire Hoover for this lad’s arrest?” asked
the astonished banker.

“Yes, sir.” _

“Let me see your warrant," said Mr. Garnett.

Tompkins produced it.

"This is made out in the name of John Doe."

“Yes, sir. Arthur Hoover didn't know his
name.”

"I see Arthur Hoover is the complainant. Al-
leges that the said John Doe, real name unknown
to complainant, did wilfully and maliciously in-
jurehis dog Prince yesterday. Well, officer, the
boy will go with you and so will I. It will be
necessary for you, Gertie, to accom any us as a
witness, so min and get your hat. ou need not
feel anxious over’ this ridiculous charge, Vinton.
When you and Gertie have testified the squire
will have to dismiss the charge.” ’

So the party of four proceeded to Squire
Hoover's oﬂice on Main Street, where they found
the squire, his son Arthur, and quite a bunch of
The squire was surprised to
see the banker and his daughter atipear’ on the
scene, but he made no comment, Ar ur hastened
to offer Gertie a seat, but she was so indignant
because he had caused Vance’s arrest that she
refused to notice him, muct to his displeasure.

S uii-e Hoover declared the court open as soon
as tie prisonerwas brought in by the constable.

“Prisoner,” he said sharply, “are you guilty or
not guilty of nearly killing my son's dog, Prince?”

Vance had been instructed by the banker to
plead’ "Not. guilty,” so he did so.

“Arthur, take the chair. Put your hand on
that Bible. You swear that you will tell the

‘truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the

truth?”
The witness kissed the book and was then re-
He had very little to

tell. He said that on reaching a. certain point on

‘the country road late on the previous afternoon

he had found his valuable dog stretched out in

‘ the dust apparently dead. The prisoner and Miss
" Gariiett were standing near the animal convers-

ing. He demanded to know who had struck down

‘ ' Prince, whercupoii the prisoner admitted that he

had done so with his stick.
“Prisoner, what have you to say invyour own

~ behalf?” asked the squire severely.

“One moment, please,” said Mr. Garnett, rising.
"I am here to conduct -this boy’s defense to a
foolish charge, although I am no lawyer. When
you have heard‘ the true story of this dog episode
you will admit that the prisoiier was full jus-
tified in laying out the hound in question. ci-tie,
take the chair.”

Much to the squire’s surprise and his son's
chagrin the girl took the seat. .
“Now, Gertie,” said the banker, “tell your

‘T ‘ story.”

- She did so, and her tale altered the complexion

 

Vﬁmel n

V keep pace with them;

.. of a.ﬂ’airs very materially. Vance then took the,
' ‘chair and gave hisevidence. ‘ .
. ‘ “Now, your honor, I move the discharge of the

‘V- ..n '  . , ;_'y A ‘ vr

 

fa‘?-;§?g§£¥c,:,9g¥" “.§‘5.d"Gru11€l. 4 

  
 
    
     
         
   
  
   
   
    
   
 
  
 
   
   
 
 

‘ A_fter awhispered consultationwitli hisrson "
squire reluctantly set Vance at liberty.— ' ; _‘
Mr. Garnett, Gertie and Vance thn left'the
squire’s oﬂice, while Arthur ,watched.'.them' :' bi.
with a face as dark as a tliundergiist. ;&t~'tﬁ ’
door of the bank Vance bade the bank_er"and
daughtei- good-by, and started to wallg.jtg'g(;g;e
tion to take the next train for New Yor
After he had walked two miles h‘e »sa;ii?;’ so
save a mile or more by taking a. short cut thr _
a patch of woods. Half way through the
he sat down to rest with his back against a ‘bi
tree. - ' ’ 
While seated there ﬁve rough-looking.,men'cain
up behind him, and stopped on thet other_side:?::iE;
the tree. They did not observe his presence,.'and
began to talk in ordinary tones among tliemsel
Vane heard their voices and was about to get.
and resume his tramp whenhe heard one; of the
say somethin that attracted and held‘ his‘,
tention. He listened intentl , and soon.jdiscdVer'f
that the ﬁve men intende to wreck ithe.:W¢.’«$t=i
bound express at a tunnel near by, whez-e‘it
due in an hour. Their object was to secure .5.-mg
of specie, which they knew wasaboard “the,
press car. Vance was amazed at the audaci '
of the racals, as well as at the villainous-cha'ra.c— .
ter of the enterprise. The problem that naturally ’
occurred to him was how could he defeat the pro—‘
ject. The only thing he saw that he could.-‘do ~ "
to sneak out of the woods and try a.nd"ﬂag“"'
express somehow. He started to put that plan"
practice, but unfortunately his retreat» was 
ticediby one of the villains and the men start
after him- Finding that he had ‘been’ detected
he took to his heels as fast as he could.-«Ru 
in the woods has many disadvantages, 
discovered a few of them. His puirsuérsffho‘
ever, were equally handicapped; Vance. paidy, .
tle attention to the direction he was t'_&ki[‘i%','.'hi3
sole obiect being to elude his pursuersf.‘ 
he ﬁna 1y burst out from among the_‘tr'ees'v1i§”
found_that he was close upon the railroad ‘
the rivernot far away. He turned down ’ 
track in the direction the express was’,'¢i?l§‘u1ig 
The five men came on after him at ~»f,_1_1ll-’ swin
Finding that -his grip was an 0bStacle'to_3sp§Lgé_d
he tossed it under 9. tree and then spurted.” vrﬁg
probably would have" got clear, as _he was is 
runner, if he hadn’t caught—his1s_hoe in a  p ,
creepers, which threw him to the ground  ~,,
great deal of force, half stunning hiin...-Bef
e could get up the biggest of his pursuersv, '
up and caught him bodily around the waist.
easily held theboy until the others arri_ved.g -,
then realized that the game was up. V   ‘
“So we’ve got you, eh?” growled the big rasea
Vance looked up at him and said nothing’; “ _'
“Herc, Grundy, tie t is chap's hands behind.‘
back.” said the big fe. low, who seemed tofbe Ii
1e9;I(‘ilLir' «ii  d ' "lied  '
e man’ a .ressed as run Y 11  3'» 300.
of stout line out of his pocket and und 

 

 

  

in

     
 

   
     
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   

wrists together. Then the big sc0uIi'd1tel' *_ M’!
the boy to his feet.- ' . ,3  3.1.,‘ '*
“Now, then. march!” he said,'for_<__:ing V g

In this manner they proce'ed,ed',.to tlieinou
the tunnel.. . . . _ ' ' '- 
"We’ll’ have to nab" the track’-w

   

th e_ lead

    

“7 5  e V V s‘1' " th h the tuna
i?l§".ir...2{.°i.:;é“ Y;:r.%:..bi;"§.. 1.... in
mg. hutat the other end. Be quickabout it, for

_ .. . . V a 1 -7] -

W? Il11:Y\?v(ii%sFl:v1:1'§oha?1s‘:ly out of his month before

medium-sized Irishman. _with a axr of galways
u1”1der.his chin, suddenly issued mm the mouth
of .-the tunnel; with a red ﬂag rolled around a
E'“‘{short stick uxédir; his arm. I'£(ieS8.gV;’.o::}rl:i rascals,

‘ . a in on -
imiiriciiibiiiuiie ex<¥lainSied.g “What is the matter
_._ V,’ ,

,¥f?1?1'1’e matter is that you are our prisoner,” said
V ‘. “Don’t stir. or it'll be vivorse far y)3u;’
" h in . drawing a revo ver an o e -
grdiggghii iiegvu aﬁiival. “You’re the track-walker,

'ain’t you?”

 
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   

aﬁlsioui then, Gallagher, if you utter a sound I'll
Qt you," said.Blizzard threatenrngly. "
"" y name isn’t Gallagher. Its Murphy
“Its all the ‘same to us,” chuckled the eader.
“2Q'ow’boys get'the_ tools out of the bushes and
3331:" Gefta move on, for the express is due
’ ’ ‘ hile.”. »
h« ea;: you going to do?” asked Murphy, the
tr?‘cI1~lovri:i1h(£fr'your business. Gallagher. 01‘ Mm"
l1y‘,,_or'whatever your name is. ’
"‘4They"re going to wreck the express,” blurted
out ‘Vance.
‘Blizzard grinned unpleasgmtly. ,
,knewv»you’d been spym on us, thats why we
‘ you,” he said, with a malevolent glance _at
'. “I reckon you won’t do no more buttm’
fteii we’re done‘ with you,” he added darkly.
’’ I'n*the ‘meantime Grundy and Blizzard got a
.. ledgygmmmer and other implements out‘ of a
 ‘or bushes.‘ and they, with the other two,
ﬁr-odeeded to tear up a ‘small section of track at
 mouth of the tunnel. It was soon ap arent
 'tlL'esia.fellows had had experience wit rail-
 traoksf After they had removed four of the
ls"’Vance ex ected to see them quit work, but
 ._a§an”1, T _ey began digging up the sleepers,
wiuéhthe :boy thought was quite unnecessary for
~ﬁ1éif.‘pﬁrp0Se. Then, to his surprise, as well as
M;1‘xrph'y’s, they proceeded to lay the sleepers down
ligainuiin new spots. What~were the up to? It
asvea puzzle to Vance and the tree _-walker un-
“ltilthe men started in to relay the rails they‘ha_d
" 1&9‘ .3 ‘Then their purpose was.ap arent._Their
bqilcg} object was to cause the ocornotive of
‘eexpress to run straight against the side of the
r  tunnel.- That would bring about a tremend-
‘ "  of the whole train, and inthe confusion
 ‘moment! they expected to be _able to secure
j_ ' gag box’. and make off .W1th it through the
 Blizzard bossed the Job and at the same
i§i.i'ﬁ'e"'vl:epii an eye on the-prisoners. As the work
'  completion he stepped up in front

 W "ti" linked, ;B1i=Wd+1i.81ari98<4°W'e ‘ta

     
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

 

chewy.

  

  

-   j i it

 

 what we’re going to do with» '

   

Vance" Vinton and Murphy, the track—walker.
“You'll be tied to them rails with your backs.
agin the rock. How d’ye hke the prospect?"

The train-wrecker grinned malevolently ‘as the
prisoners looked helplessly into his cruel coun-
tenance.

“Dead men tell no tales,” the man went on.
we succeed an’ people are killed, the evidence of
you two would hang us if we are caught. To pro-

tect ourselves we intend to put you where you

will never appear in court against usl”

CHAPTER IV.-——In Which Our Hero Reaches

New York and Secures a Situation.‘

Blizzard turned away to watch the ﬁnal com—_

pletion of the dastardly work.

“We’re dead men, groaned Murphy. the per-
spiration coming out on his forehead in great
drops as he realized the fearful fate the train-

wreckers meant to mete out to him and his young , ‘

companion. Vance thought so. too, for a moment,
but he was a boy of grit, and would not give up
to despair even when he struck the last ditch.
He pu led desperately at the rope that bound his
wrists. It yielded and one hand slip ed out. That
freed him. Springing to his feet
red ﬂag the track-walker had dropped and darted

up the sloping side of the narrow embankment‘

beside the track.

Blizzard ‘turned about quickly and then made a
dash at the ﬂeeing boy. _

“Stop, or I'll ﬁll you full of holes!" he roared,
raising his revolver. ‘

Vance had no idea of stopping.
to be shot down than meet the more terrible fate

designed for him.
Crack! crack! crack! Three sha , whip-like

reports broke the stillness of the mid ay air, and 

as many bullets sped after the boy. One hum-
med by his ear; 3. second perforated the top of
his derby, while the third went a. bit wide.

Before Blizzard could ﬁre again Vance darted -‘ i

in among the trees, and the rascal could not get a
fair shot at him. With many execrations the‘
rufﬁan started in pursuit, but Vance was running
not only for his own life but the‘ lives of others,

and he put every ounce of energy he possessed ,

into his legs. He soon distanced Blizzard, coming
out on the track a quarter of a mile away from
the tunnel.
the express as it passed a crossing three miles
away. When Blizzard reached the track himself

he saw that the ﬂeeing boy was out of pistol shot, a

and could not be reca tured. He gave up the pur-
suit and hurried bac to'his. men. -

"The game is up," he snarled. “That sub will
ﬂag the express a mile from here and save it. All
we can do now is to light out as fast as we can.”

In the meantime Vance kept on down the track
till he saw the locomotive of the express come into
sight, then he stopped and began to wave the red

ﬂag to and fro. The engineer saw the ﬂag, as a.‘

matter of course, and shutting oﬁ‘ steam whistled
down brakes. The train came to a stopcloseto
the 5 ct where Vance stood.

“ hat’s the trouble?” asked the engineer, lean'- -. V E It
. ing out of the cab window. —
“The track is torn up at the mouth of the 

nol,” replied  boy

 

“nil

e seized the’

It was better .»

Then he heard the distant whistle of ‘

    

  

 

' « of New York. The express ‘then went on.
T phy was loud in his praises of Varice’s grit, and

 

 

. if . niture men he pointed
a f _. Vance wrote it down, and after breafast, which

that happen?” _ - _ ‘ -

“Train-wreckers did it.”

“What!” exclaimed the engineer.

At that moment the conductor came running up
to learn why the express had come to a stop.
Vance explained the situation to him, and he was
astonished. -

“Jump on board,” he said to Vance.

The boy sprang into the cab followed by the
conductor. ~
' “Go ahead slowly,” he said to the engineer, and

i the train started.

When they drew near the tunnel entrance they
saw that Vance had spoken the truth. The con-
ductor, ﬁreman and Vance sprang down and
walked forward. The boy rushed to Murphy, the
track-walker, and released him. He conﬁrmed
Vance’s story of what had happened. Train-

.‘ hands were called up, the train-Wreckers’ tools

» were found where they had been thrown into the
' bushes, and the track was replaced as well as pos-

sible. The express went through the tunnel as
far as the other end and stopped alongside the
track-walker’s hut.

There was a telephone in thehut and the con-
ductor communicated with the station agentat

’ the next town ahead, explaining matters, and the

agent said he would send down section hands to
fix the ck properly. The conductor took Vance’s
name," t the o ly address he could give the man
was care of Wi ford Appleby, the furniture ‘ﬂan,

ur-

wsen he found that the boy was bound for the sta-

r 3 ’ , tion four miles away, to take the train for New
‘ , Yor , he said:

“Stop here and I’ll ﬂag it for you. You couldn’t
reach the station in time to catch. it now.”
” So Vance stopped until the train came up eight
minutes- later, when Murphy stopped it, explained
to the conductor how the boy had saved the ex-
press, and Vance got aboard. He paid. his fare

to the conductor, who complimented him on his

nerve and said that he would undoubtedly hear
from the company after the matter had been re-
ported by the conductor of.the express. It was
after six in the evening when the trail rolled into
the depot at New York, and when Vance stepped
out on the street, grip in hand, he realized that he

i was alone in a greatcity. He. asked the ﬁrsst po-

liceman he saw to direct him to a cheap and re-
spectable hotel, and as there was such a one within
two blocks the officer walked with him there, hand-
ing him7out,a lot of advice on the way, -as Vance
admitted that he had never been in a big. city be-
fore in hisvlife. .3

Next morning he asked the hotel‘clerk if he
could tell him how he could ﬁnd Mr. App1eby’s
place of business. The clerk picked up a busi-
ness directory, and looking up the wholesale fur-

PP

he took at a restaurant on the ground ﬂoor of the

. hotel, he started out to ﬁnd the store, which was
' downtown.

A Broadway surface car took him
Within a few blocks of his destination, and then
by inquiring his way he ﬁnally reached the store.

i‘ Entering, he asked a clerk if Mr. Appleby was in.
, . “Just arrived,” was the reply. “Do you want
to, see,him?’:" .   T . ~

/1 5

.‘i"‘1'orn up ll’ ejaculated the engineer. “How did“ “Yes.”

eby’s address out,

- ingaouvt; thepoﬁice and‘ the store.

 
    

 

“What name shall I tell him?’’, , w 1;: 
“Vance Vinton. Tell him I’ve. brought a ettex
from Mr. Garnett, of Berkeley.” - ’ .   ‘ -
Vance was invited into the private,’ofﬁcg».and
found. himself in the presence of a portlymian
who looked full of business. , ‘    
“Sit down, young, man, and let me see the let—’-
ter you say you brought tome .£rom_Mr. Garnettf’
said the‘ furniture man. T y ,. ’
Vance presented the letter, Mr. Applebyvread
it and then inspected his caller. : I “
“You come from Blanktown, eh?”
"Yes, sir.”
“Parents living there?” .
“No, sir. My father and mother are dead.’?»
“How came you to make Mr. Garnetﬁs acquain-5
tance?” , . _
Vance told him how he had saved,Gertie-._.Ga
nett from the fangs of a ferocious Da.nish,hound7.
The story made a good impression on theime ,
chant, and he understood what the banker meant
when he wrote that he was under a ‘deep ohligfa
tion to the boy. , . » _, - i ’
“Well,” he said, “the only opening ‘fl have -at
resent is assistant. porter and ' general oﬂice .13‘ ‘ .\
,f you wish to accept that ou can have it}? y 4!.
_ “I’m glad to accept anyt ing, ‘sir, 7 here there
IS a chance for me to work myself up.” ‘   ~,
“You’ll have the chance here,“ it. remains for
you to make the best of your opportunities.V'Wh“en
did you arrive in the city?” -  
“Last evening, sir." V
“Where are you stopping?”  ‘ ~ , ~ 
“At a small hotel on Third Avenue, near For-»
tieth Street.” ' . , «_ _
“Of course you don’t expect to remain 'hera.’
Take the afterrnoon to look around and find our
self a cheap room. The East Side ne_a.rg.hi5V ,
Avenue is full of them.’ Look ‘for a place"‘neaJ;
one of the Third Avenue elevated stations, ; The
trains run up and down every few minutes  ,
day and most of the night. It wi1l';af'r'ord you».a*
handy mode of transit to this store. In--the morn
ing you will report to the head porter. ready
go, to work. I will introduce you to him now,”
The merchant tapped a bell and a clerkent’ and
from the counting—room. ' , J 
“Hunt, Young up and tell him to come'v'he:£e}’?
said Mr. Appleby., » V ’ » '_
In a‘ short time the porter made his, up 7
ance. ' A _: 
“Young, this is Vance Vinton; yournew, assist
ant. He will report at seven in the ~moi"n"i'-n
when you- open up. Put‘ him to work, and sh,
him the ropes.” ’-~  » \
“Very well, Mr. Appleby,” replied the ma’
spectfully, scanning Vance critically and form
a favorable opinion of ‘him. i " _v . '-
“That is all, Young,” “ ' ‘ s
The merchant then ‘told Vance what his w
would be to start with and dismissed himL"‘_-T
the boy returned uptown to seeka furnished mo“
for himself. ,. "/

   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 

  
   
  
  
  
  
     
      
 

 

 
 

CHAPTER" v._1.. Which our Hero is as
by the Railroad Company.“ 5'

 
  

Vance was at the store promptly sitttsévep,
morning, and the porterrset him to _ ' ‘a

     

         

 $4 ere very much surprised by the news.

salesmen began to arrive just before eight, and ~

then".‘Vance was sent down to the post-office to
bet the bulk of the mail, which he got out of -a
box.~ *Ai?ter turning the mail over to the head
‘hookkee er and cashier he went up to -‘the top
ﬂoor to, elp the porter stow away a consignment
of "furniture. that had arrived that morning. He
was kept. busy until noon, when he was allowed
half an ‘hour to go out and get his lunch at a
‘heap -lunch’ house in the vicinity. Then he had all
‘he could do until the whistle announced six
‘clock, which was the hour the store closed.
Vance received a full week's salary on Saturday
afternoon, though he had only worked .for four
days,‘ but he had acquitted himself well, and
pun had made a favorable report to Mr. Apple-
liy. ance spent Sunday in gettin acquainted
with the upper part of New Yor . He wrote
 lengthy letter to Gertie Garnett, detailing all
atsliad happened to him since he parted com-
.any' with her and her father in front of the bank-
‘€‘he~Gariietts had seen the fact reported‘ in a
New York paper about how a boy named Vance
Vinton had saved the early west-bound express
lrom wreck at the mouth of, the tunnel, ancéthteper
, . e ,.
eft the «room wondering when she would hear
‘1-om Vance, in whom she felt a very strong in-
terest. , .—She was so anxious to get a letter from
‘er new acquaintance that she walked to the post-
jficeihionday afternoon and inquired for the fam-
inailt " T
y"‘7I -was just about to send‘ it over to the bank,
usual, Miss Gar-nett,’_’ said the postmaster po-
tely. ‘ Twill you take it with you?”
_ ‘Cepta.in1y,” sheieplied. _
'80,]-wghanded her several letters, a magazine
d anewspaper. She looked the letters over and
‘mind one for herself addressed in a handwriting
‘  e to her, and postmarked New York. She
Izkfy toiethe envelope open and saw that she
‘~'1'na'de no mistake as to the sender. While she
3. staiiding in the general store reading it Ar-
tﬁupﬂaover walked in. He came after mail, too.
saw Gertie and stepped up to her. She had
4&ja“ated:him, with marked coolness since the dog
'p'is9d,’e,' much to his dissatisfaction. In order to
'ake['u’p with the. young lady again he hauled in
his horns. c .
*6-(}o1o_d.9,£ternoon, Miss Gertie,” he S8.ld,V1'8.lSlng
 hat politely.

.

 

   
    
  
  
    
   
 
 
  

‘ff geeyou have come for your mail, like my-
l{f'," he':w‘ent on.‘ _ _
‘She made no reply, but continued reading
V'aiice’s letter. He tapped his polished shoes with
liisinatty-cane and felt kind of uncomfortable.

€May I have the pleasure of walking home with

”'= Miss Gertie?"

'.

    
        
  
 
 
  

. 5 him off. - »
‘I .édn go with you part of the way, then, can't

      

while.” _ . A_ , _
111: you gorlding with me tomorrowaftei-
?"1i-i Zasked.»9.fte!' a pause. . . V .

   
   
  

 

V "A ‘soy ‘ Wm:  fl?

‘(;00d—.af1-,emoon, Mr. Hoover,” replied Gertie.

him to call.

with him and} complimented himioii his grit‘

  

 
 

noon.” A
. “Then the day after?”

“I don't care to make any arrangements so far

ahead.”

“That isn’t far ahead," he persisted.

“You will have to excuse me now," she said,
folding the letter up halfread and putting it in
‘her pocket.‘ “Good-afternoon," and s e swept out
of the store with the air of a little queen. ’

On Monday morning an oblong letter, bearing
the imprint of the N. Y. C. & H. R. Railroad Com-

any, and addressed to Vance Vinton, care of Wil-

ord Appleby, was delivered at the store by the
mail-carrier. The letter was handed to the mar-
chant and he sent for Vance. ‘

“Here’s a letter for you, Vance,” he said, won-
dering what communication the railroad company
could have to make-to his office boy.

“Thank
retiring.

When he returned upstairs again he opened it,
and found it was a typewritten note signed
by the president of the company requesting him
to call at his oﬂice in the Grand Central Depot
as soon as’ he could ﬁnd it convenient to do so.

When he came in from lunch he went into the pri~ ,

vate office and show-ed the note to Mr. Applehy.’

“Are you looking for a situation -with the rail- ~

road company?” asked the merchant in some sur-
prise, and not much pleased at the thought. ‘

“No, sir." ';

“Then why does the president wish you to call
at his oﬂice?”

“I suppose he wishes to see me because I
saved the express.” V ‘

“Saved the expi-ess!”;exclaimed the merchant,
rather puzzled. “What do you mean?”

Then Vance told him what occurred at the
mouth of the tunnel on the morning he left Berke-
ley for the city. This was the first that Mr. Ap-
plebyhad heard about the matter, and he Was
not a. little surprised.’ _ ' '

“Upon my word, you are a remarkable boy,” he
said in a tone of some admiration.
save my cousin’s daughter from -a vicious dog,
then you save an express train, from being
wrecked by a gang of miscreants. . Well, I sup-
pose you’ll have to call on the president. Proba-

ly you’ll receive a reward from the company. At
any rate, you deservesomething for what you did.

‘You surely saved many lives and the company

from numerous damage suits.

right uptown now ” ~ Yowdl better go

Vance told the head porter that he was obliged .

to be away an hour or two and then he left the
store. On arriving at the Grand Central Station
Vance inquired his way

headed off‘ by —a dudish-looking youth who» in-
quired his business. Vance said he had received a
letter from the

(“What's your name?” asked the ho .

a seat. Ie went into an adjoining room, and
when he came back he motioned to Vance to fol-

low him. Then. Vinton was ushered into the pres-,_ ‘

ence.-of the president of the road. The great mo-

gul receivedthe hoy very graciously; shook 

 

 
   

A 7.,

"I have an ‘c'=.:;_;':~gei:1.ent for tomorrow after-‘

you, sir," replied Vance, taking it and ' V

“First you -

p to the office of the presi— “ 
dent. When he entered the waiting-room’ he was;

president of the company asking  

y ,  V ‘ 
Vance gave it, and the youth told him to take

   
   

     

 
 

 

  

    

getting the better of the ‘train-wreckers."'Then he

asked Vance to go over the incident as it actually
happened, and the boy did so. The president com-
plimented him again and handed him the com-
pany’s check for $1,000 as an evidence of the cor-
poration's appreciation of his services. He added
that if Vance ever wanted a favor in the future
he must not hesitate to write or call u on him‘;

. and if it was possible for him to grant it e woul

do so.
Then he shook hands with Vance once more and
dismissed him. Vance felt several inches taller

‘and several degrees more-important when he left

the building than when he enterd it. The thou-
sand—dollar check in his pocket made him feel like
a man. It seemed an enormous sum of money to
him at that moment, for he had never had ore
than the $50 that Banker Garnett loaned him in
his pocket in all his life. That night after su per
he wrote another letter to Gertie, told her a out
his interview with the president of the railroad
company, and about the check, which he said he

. was going to put into the bank as a nesteegg for

the future.

CI-IAPTER‘ VI.—In Which Our Hero Proceeds to
Learn the Business on the Quiet.

Thus six months passed away and Vance con-
tinued to perform the duties connected with his

., lowly position with just as much -faithfulness as

though the fate of the establishment depended on
his ﬁdelity in that respect. The head porter was
satisﬁed that Vance was one bo in a thousand,
and he felt sure that he‘ would ma e his mark. As
the boy got acquainted with the business he began
to take a lively interest in it. He determined to,
work his way u to the position of salesman.
With that objec in view he believed that he

'couldn’t know too much about the manufacture

of furniture and the material with which it was
upholstered. '
He began his search after knowledge by asking

‘ questions of Young whenever the opportunity

oifered. He found, however, that though the head ’

V porter had been for many years with the estab-

lishment, he possessed no reat fund of knowledge
on the subject. What he new about the general
make up of furniture was what he couldn’t help
picking up during a long experience in handling
it. One evening Vance stopped in front of a. sec-
ond-hand book-store on Third Avenue and began
looking over the well-worn volumes that lined an

I _ outside stand. He was quite a reader and thought
"he might pick up somethin

that would interest a
spare hour. Among the boo s he handled was one
that treated about furniture. It struck him that
this would be useful to him, so he asked the store-
keeper how much he wanted forit. The man said '
a. quarter and Vance purchased it. When the boy
got back to his room he spent the rest of the eve-
ning reading the book- It proved to be quite a
valuable text-book on the manufacture and up-
holstering of furniture, and it greatly interested
Vance. ,

He gained more theoretical information out of
it about thebusiness he was in than he Wmlld

‘  have picked up in years in his present position.

What he learned created a strong desire for more
iaformationqof the s‘ame'kind,, and when he‘ ﬁn-

‘1.7_.Ai nor swimam;

arrived

‘painstaking effort could have secured.

   

ished the book he went back to the store{ and.
asked the dealer if he had any more books on.
furniture. The man had another one, though it“
was not so good as the other. Vance also found
a volume treating on upholstery as applied to
furniture. He bought both books, took them home,1{
and studied them diligently. About this time'a5
Koung man whose acquaintance he had made tools  J
1m to the Mechanics’ Library. This was a free. ._
library, but to secure the privilege of takingout‘, ‘
books one had to be guaranteed by a member of '
the society. ‘  , 3
When Vance said he’d like to take out,books'hie “’ '-
friend said he’d fix it so he, could do so. ‘ He got his '
own guarantor to endorse Vinton and so Vance ‘
became a member of the library for a year.‘  ,1
found several books on furniture here books that :75".
were up to date and too expensive for him tohave T
bought. Some of the books treated on ,medieval.._— “
furniture, that is, furniture of the middle ages,
and so on down to modern times. Whenevenhef
had the chance he examined the various kinds. or
furniture in the store on the second, or sample,’—.
ﬂoor, and studied their make-u and unholstering ‘-
critically; Eve time a new esign of furnit1iro"'
e woul ’t rest till it had received his.)-
earnest attention. No one but Young noticed 
what Vance was about, and he paid very, .little;'i"‘;
attention, ﬁguring that the boy was following out ’ ‘
instructions from the merchant to ‘make himself:
acquainted with all the deails of the business.
Thus another six months passed into the dim."-’
mist past, but during it Vance had acquiredan’.
inva uable store of knowledge that only the most-1

 
 
  
  

 

 
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
     
   
 
   
   
 

boy had made himself so solid with Mr.
A pleby that the merchant was thinking ahou
a vancing him to a desk in the counting‘-roon'i., .~
Had Vance been consulted on the subject"~Iie would ’  ;
have intimated that he/preferred a chanceito show ’
what he could do in thelsalesroom. One day when
the merchant happened to beshort-‘handed in the
salesroom quite a number of customers called to be "
waited on. Mr. Appleby himself had to go up inf
the ‘salesroom and take a hand to help matters
out. During the morning Vance was called down
on the floor to shift some of the furniture—an_d
make room for. some fresh‘ consignments the‘
had arrived a few days before from one ‘of’ Hie
manufacturers with whom Appleby traded.  .
ness had been so brisk for several days asttliat ”
none of the salesmen had had an 0 pop unityjto
get acquainted with the merits of e new~stu:lf,'
and consequently it was not yet on sale, ‘though’-'
tags had been attached with the wholesale priceiri 
the office numbers, which were, of c'ourse,'not, in-‘
telligible to outsiders. Vance, through 'Y‘oung
had made himself acquainted with the‘ meani
of the secret code governing prices, and he coiil
tell at a glance just what the furnitui-e.cost Mfr
Appleby and what the merchant was asking for it.
As we have just remarked, on the day that Mr
Appleby was short-handed in salesmen and hehad ;
to turn to himself, Vance was called to the; sales “ ’
ﬂoor to make himself useful, and proceeded ;to do
so in a quiet, unobtrusive manner. _ ‘ " '
that the chance of his life turned u
of a little old gentleman named eorge ,
one of the most important cu_stoiners of the‘ house.
Winter had dealt with Appleby for twenty
and the two men were like chums. '1‘-he 

1,

 nlwayswaited on him personally, whether he had
, le salesmen or not. ‘On this occasion when Win-
ter walked into the salesroom, with the sang froid
of a. partner in the house, Appleby was engaged
Withla new customer that he was trying hard to
acute; He could not very well leave him, so, after
ﬁg; givingwinter a cordial greeting, he told him to
take aseat for a little while, or look around him-
self until he was ready to take him in hand. Win-
ﬁber didn’t care to sit down, but preferred to look
round among the samples, so he _moved slowly
aboi".itIthe big ﬂoor, smoking a fat» cigar and mak-
ing mental notes, of what he thought he wanted.

 
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
    
   
 
  

,} CI.-IAPT.ER VlI.—-In Which Our Hero is
,3 by Promoted to Be a Salesman V

By degrees Winter came ‘to where Vance was
moving’ the new samples into place. The old
mazfsgsharp eyes were particularly attracted to
onegof the sets that the boy had Just displayed
to the. best advantage. He proceeded to examine
e furniture. , _

.“’I’iiis-is something quite new, isn't it?" he said

to .. . z ,

' “Ylgs, gir," replied the boy politely. “It is an
uncommon ﬁne thing. Something we dont often
get into the lace. You will olliiserzrle that the
ca:-vin“ t is set is ‘a com ina ‘on, e
hiirlei Vigil and Louis XIII styles. , _
"V‘.'.inte1', though a connoisseur, hadn't noticed
thejact, and he looked at the boy in some sur-
 seem to understand the design of fumi-
uig gmtgy W;l1.dv}c>uI;ls man." het igldv ledge of
a , ’ ‘n oaveagrea ow
1 it, ’si’r,°:s  as I am young, but I have devoted
a ‘great deal-of study to the subject of both fur-

     
 
      
 
  
 

thls set arrived here that it was upholstei-ed_in
aspecial kind of silk tapestry made only in Lin-
V gene,  Franc‘e.” _ ’ _
“How could you J_udg_e that?’ asked Winter,
riding the boy with interest. , '
‘SI recognize it by the design. That desi
annot be duplicated anywhege, that is, exacty
nouih to deceivean expert "
; “.‘£'1‘ emyou consider yourself an expert on the
subject,” replied the old gentleman with Just the
sus icion of a‘ smile. I ’
:.“- ell, sir,” answered Vance, somewhat em-
barrassed, “I won’t say that, but I do know a
hole lot about the various kinds of goods'used

 
  
   
     
  
    

er’  upholstered in a. kind of brocatelle that
;i’s.gusually used to line the interior of _swell car-
-ria es. , It is manufactured by a certain S ring-
el . house, and they have a patent on al the
“signs, they put out. I can tell thatbrocatelle

. anywhere, ‘as I presume you can ypurself._ You
 ‘here’ is another set ﬁxed up with an imita-
on brand of the Springﬁeld output. It looks

a other costs. the dealer $992 net. Yet I have
e'a1~d‘that,sorne furniture men have palmed off


I » l,b ‘t '
gmghnmmmmms

 

zijiture andxupholstery. For instance, I saw when ‘

uiizholster furniture. Now that set over yon- »
'3

  
 

*2 I: A‘ Boy _WITHl GRIT A

Winter listened to Vance with much interest.

The boy was quite a revelation to him. He had, '
"seen him several times about the house, but had

never seen him attempt to sell a single article.
Apparently this lad was well able to act as a
salesman. At any rate, Winter liked to be talked

to in the way Vance was doing. The boy, under

the enthusiasm of the moment, forgot that he

was ovei-stepping his line of duty, and he kept I

on showing diiferent sets and pieces of furniture
to the best customer of the establishment. Win-
ter, seeing that Mr. Appleby was still very much
engaged
Vance appeared to understand how to talk fur-
niture from a very entertaining standpoint, de-
cided not to wait for the merchant to be dis-
engaged, but to let the boy take his order.
"By the WaY. What is your name, young man?_"
he asked.
“Vance Vinton.”
"How long have you been with Mr. Appleby?"
“A little over a year.” ,
“Well, go and get a pad. I want you to sell
me a bill of goods.”
j ("‘tI"'am not a salesman. Mr. Appleby might ob-
e . .
._ “Nonsense! . Get the pad. I-know a salesman
when I meet with one, and I'll warrant you’re
astrglood as any in Mr. Appleby's employ."

us encouraged, Vance got a pad and re- 7

turned to the old gentleman. b

“Put my name down at the top—-George Win-
ter, Buffalo, New‘ York.”

Vance wrote the name and address down.

“Now, we'll begin with that combination
Charles XII. ‘and Louis XIII. set. What
price?"

Vance told him. ‘

Winter offered him
laughingly: I .

“You re an’ old customer, Mr. Winter, and you
know we have only one price here, and that as
low as anybody in the trade, considering the
quality of the goods."

$1.00 less, but the boy said

The old gentleman toldihim to put dowg the '
ancex
had the pad pretty well ﬁlled up by the time I’

set, and then they went on to another.

Mr. Appleby was at liberty.
“Sorry to have kept you waiting so long, Win-
ter, but that was a new man I wanted to hold,

and I succeeded in selling him quite a bill. Now.

I’ll attend to you.” v
“You’re too late, A p

gentleman. “I've bougih

this young man.”
“Bought all you want from‘ him!”

leby,” chuckled the ‘old

almost

gasped the merchant. “Why, he isn't one of my I ’ it "

salesmen."
“So he told me; but if I were

I'd k
him one without delay." you -ma e

“Make him one! ‘He’s only my office boy and .

general helper. It will be some time yet before

he learns the business suﬁiciently to qualify for.

a salesman.”

“Think so, eh? I was not aware that you Wei’? ' ,l . ;'
so blind to the merits of one of your employees. , ,
in my storeV'I’d make him my‘

If I had this boy
head salesman."

“You'd do what, Winter?” ejaculated _the as- 

tonished merchants ., . y . ,.
_“I’d makeuhim head salesm‘an.. I-Ie'sa got all
the qualitiesnof one inphim, . ‘ d only,_neede«,

  

is the '

    

with his new caller, ‘and ﬁnding that ~

t about all I want from " I‘

   

 riot’

 

 

I i couldn’t resist your eloquence.
. able of an admission, for I never knew Winter

 

little practice to make a corker, you can take

it my word for that.” I

Mr. Appleby looked at Vance and then back

at Winter, hardly knowing what to think. Vance,_

blushing and much embarrassed, handed his em—
{iloyer the pad with the order he had taken from
Vinter and excusing himself, walked away to
ﬁnish what he had been engaged about previous
to Winter’s coming. He could see the merchant
and the old gentleman talking quite animatedly
together, and he guessed he was the subject un-
der discussion.
Mr. Appleby came back and hunted Vance up.
“Say, young man, wherevdid you learn so much
about furniture? Mr. Winter says what you don't
seem to know about the goods on this floor isn'-t
worth mentioning. The very first thing you sold
him was this new set that came in yesterday.
He says you called it a combination Charles X11.
and Louis XIII. Tell me _how you make that out.
VVh'.it do you know about the set, anyway? I

»haven’t looked into it myself, and consequently

it isn’t on sale."

“Then I shouldn’t have sold it, I suppose. I
thought---”

‘7I’m not ﬁnding any fault with you for having
put it on Winter, for if you’ve made any mis-
representation I can easily square matters with
him. What I want to understand is how and
where you got all your information. Winter tells
me you’ve got style, quality and everything about
the goods down ﬁner than silk. Now you C01‘-
tainly must know a good bit, for Winter is an
expert in furniture himself. He told me that you
told him thin s he never dreamed about. He
further says (t at you have the history of fur-
niture at your fingers’ ends, and that you are
the most entertaining talker he ever met. In

fact, he claims that he bought more from you

than he intended when he came to the city. He
That’s consider-

to buy a single piece before that he hadn’t more

or less decided on before he struck the store..

What did you tell him about this combination
set, as you call it?”

Vance at once told Mr. Appleby all he had.-said
to'Wintei‘ about the set. c

“How in thunder did you acquire your knowl-
edge about it?" asked -the puzzled merchant;
“that is, assuming that you are correct. That
set hasn’t been over twenty-four hours in this

- establislinient.”

Vance then explained to Mr. Appleby how he
had made up his mind to learn the business from
A to Z, with the idea of eventually becoming
a competent salesman. He told him how he had
been reading up on the subject for the past six
months, and then trying hisbest to reduce his
knowledge to ractical demonstration. After he

had ﬁnished, t e merchant, asked Vance all «sorts
‘of questions about the qualit

'and makeof a
dozen different kinds of furniture, and received

answers that surprised him.

“Well, it seems to me that Winter was right
when he told me that you.were wasting your
talents in your present position. I, ean.’t afford

.. to have you continue any longer as a general‘
. ‘helyer. I shall make you a sa
an

esman forthwith,
_ raise your wages to a point commensurate
with your abilities. I might have suspected that

A V you would/turn out something above the ordinary.‘

.7.

75A i$ioY""vVI'rH: --—» ‘V’ edair‘

After Winter had gone away.

   

    

, A boy with your grit and perseverance“ a; A
be kept down. ._He will reach, the.top in epic;
of every obstacle. Come downstairs and I 
fix this promotion of yours up. By Georgel '
nett sent me a gem when he directed y.0u,to';m
consideration!” ‘ . ’   '

Vance followed the merchant to his toﬂice and
thus in an hour the boy jumped from theflowll
position of general helper about the store1t‘;o*th
of a salesman.  ' . 

CHAPTER

VIII.--In Which’ Our Hero Mae
a Strange Discovery. ’  ~
When the infomiation leaked. through
house that Vance had been promoted ‘to the ,
tion of salesman it was received with astonis
merit and not a little incredulity. He was-im-“
mediately buttonholed by one of the regular saies?
men. ’ ~  '
“Say, Winton, what rot is this I hear. 
you having been made a salesman?”i he ask’, .
rather aggressively, for neither he nor the other
. salesmen relished the idea of the boy being 
vanced on a par with themselves, ‘ i _' ‘ A ’
“Not rot at all, Mr. Cooke. It hapfens.-Tb’
a fact,” replied Vance coolly. . _ .— " ~ "
“Oh, it is a fact, is it?" sneered Cooke;-,7.
Appleby suddenly ione dippy?” ~ ’ « A O '
:‘You’d better as him, Mr. Cook:-.”*‘"  . :-
‘Don’t get cheeky, young fellow,” replied V
salesman angrily. “If you start in to. put on
airs withime, or the rest of us on the sales 
we’ll take you down so quick it» will makesyoux
head swim.” . _   A-
“I don't intend to put on any airs. :1 [i
to stick strictly to business.”  .
“What do you know about selling goods‘, ‘I.
to know?"  i
“If I asked you such a question
me impertinent," replied Vance. , ,
“I certainly ‘would. Do you mean to s‘ay.y1
consider, me impertinent for putting the ,question
to you. . i i -» —
“I think you are treading on delicate
“Oh, you do?” snarled Cooke.
that you're nothing but a boy?”  , .
“I am fully aware ofxthat fact: What oil’.
.“Well, Benson, myself,_ and the otliers»:
want kids shoving their oars into our de
ment.” , »   
“Do you refer to me?”
(II do N

“Then you had better see Mr. Applebyyabou
I shall enter in duties as a salesman here"‘"n‘éxt*
Monday according to my present instgxcti
“Then you won't remain long in the store; ; _
tell ou,” replied Cooke darkly. , .. ' . .. ‘
“V hy not?” demanded Vance sharply. ,
“You’ll ﬁnd out why not in good time‘.”; j I
“You seem to entertain a g1‘0|1ch'aJgain‘sjt.
becoming a salesman.” . ‘ y - ‘
“We don't want boys, especially a,’_b_o" 
sweeps out the store every day, to stand on pie:
with us. We are gentlemen." . V ;j ’
.:pidi;;(t, you ever sweep a_ store out .wli_
were a y. , « 
“It’s none of your business what -I, did ivh
I was a boy. I’m not‘ a boy;noW,., I~haj‘ii V
a salesman ten years, and I was ten ‘years:
lng that point. "Here you’ve{o§i_1y in

  

    
  
  
     
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 

 
 

you’d

 

ground
“Do yo» 

 

    
   
   
   
  
   
   

  
  

       

 

  

   

,.nto,re,,a‘ye‘ar, and thehboss makes you a salesman.
«Why, it’s enough to make a jackass laugh."’
.  don’t ‘see that you are laughing much over
i “What's that? Do you compare me with a jack-
as's?’? “roared Cooke. ' i
3 , vE‘,I said nothing about your resemblance to such
an animal." . . _ ‘ ‘ '
;‘.,“You meant it, you young whippersnapperl
snorted the irate salesman, shaking his fist 111 the
boy's face. . , \ _
‘ ‘fl, meant . no such thing, Mr. Cooke,” retphed
Vance indignantly. _“If you’_re going toad ress
n'_1e in’-that way we'd better discontinue thls inter-
view. . r

_ Whereupon Vance walked away, leaving Cooke
. bijzbbliing Over with wrath. The salesmen were not
V the only ones disgruntled by the news 0f_ Vances
.promotion., The Junior bookkoepers, bill clerk,
% entry clerk, and other subordinates, who felt that
the oﬁice boy had been advanced over their heads
Av to'.’.ai.position much superior to that which they
’ ‘held, themselves, were up 1n arms and Jealous as
a bunch of, women outshone by some new favorite

   
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
   

, Inone day he became the most unpopular
* person in" the house. 1 ' I ‘ ,

"It’s too bad,’.’ he muttered when he realized the
 his advancement had raised about his ears;
"but~ I,can’t help it. I shall stick it out just the
same. LI shall sell goods in this establishment as
lbfjg~.g;s? Mr. Appleby says so, no matter how the
. rest 01 the employees feel ' about it. They're
‘ ‘ealous, that’s the matter with the whole lot of
~  They're jealous of my success.”- , ,~
T Apd with those words he expressed the exact
and the head porter congratulated him. He, at
any rate, wasn't, jealous. Then the boy men-.
tioned‘: the change, of bearing of all the salesmen
d. jum'or~clez-ks toward him. i ‘

 

 boss, not for them.‘ You follow instruc-
tions ifrrom headquarters and let themibag their
Heads,” said Y .. ,

37:50 as to get me bounced if they can; but they'd
-« better not let me catch them at any underhand
'ﬂ;?jc:kg,'_, for if Ldo I’ll'make them sweat for it,"
salad Vance resolutely. i ‘ V
fsnl/vhatzg right‘: I wouldn’t take any nonsense
 of them." =
‘fl don’t mean to.”

any mornfng," and Vance didn't come down until

ht,o"'clock. ‘ The other salesmen came straggling
in §oo“n,after, and gathering in a bunch at the
 offthe second ﬂoor they ‘held an indignation
Iﬁéethigl ‘While the were thus employed an
dazilylcustomer‘ made is appearance, and ‘Vance,
§éi'Ixg'~wide'awake, took him in tow before an

_«.the‘others cameforward, and he was soon sel —
‘ligigthelman a bill of goods that amounted to sev-

 
  

¢1?a1':th0usand' dollars» He captured several cups;

tu1uers."during the day, and his aggregate sales
 to more than that of any of theother
  This fact was conveyed to them by one
 friends“ in the .oﬁ"ice, and ityfurthcr embit-
1ia?t'ed..3l1e1n  Vance.  p * V ‘ . 

  

  7?’ A ‘BOY;   V. 

On Sunday night Vance called’ on Young, who
lived in a cheap tenement; on the lower Westside. ' n
It was‘ the ﬁfteenth anniversary of Young’s wed-I

= ding, and he gave a party, to which he invited
his special friends. Vance brought an appropriate .

truth. Vance told Young about his promotion, ,

%Q_on’tiyou ‘mind them, Vinton. You’reiwo1-king ‘

' door and stepped inside.

A newgoﬁlce boy appeared at the store on Mon- ‘

 

’ 5

‘present and received a cordial welcome. -The‘
party‘ didn’t break up till one o'clock in the
morning, and then the young salesman started
across town to reach the nearest station on the

Third Avenue elevated road. . ' ,  l 
It happened that his way took him past the‘

store. He was greatly surprised to see thz outer
door slightly ajar. The circumstances struck him
not only as odd, but decidedly out of order. He
knew Young always locked things up tight at
night when he left.

ﬂ“I’m afraid there is something wrong," he 

tered, staring at the crack in the doorway.. 

“Looks as if somebody has broken in here,” he

added, noticing the mark of a jimmy on the '

woodwork. “It is clearly my dutyto investigate?

"He pushed the door in and found himself in the’ T T

dark facing a glass door a yard from the outer
one.

The inner door was shut and should have been    5
locked but when Vance turned the handle it i

opened easily enough. The boy was satisfied that
thieves had either" visited the store that night, or
were, in there at that moment.

The office was at the back of the ground’ floor,’

the rest of the space being ﬁlled u with desks,
bookcases, and a general line of

single passage about six feet wide, led to. the
oﬁice. The store backed on a narrow streetn
chieﬂy used by the business houses of that neigh-

borhood for receiving and shipping freight. _

During business hours the narrow thoroughfare ‘ l

was more or less chocked up with trucks, load:
or unloading- A gas jet was kept burning al

nightiin the oﬂlce of Mr. Appleby’s store, and ‘

there was a round peep—hole 11'! the shutters for
ﬁhei patrolman on duty to glance through when
e
insi _e. As Vance tiptoed down the aisle he saw
the light burning on the other side of the glass
partition.
not see any intruders. Hekept on however, to
ﬁnd out, if possible, if thieves had
inside. It was empty, and nothin
be out of order. 0 make sure

gleam of light through. the crack in the private
oﬂice door which stood ajar. Vance also heard
the sound of voices in. the little room.

“The thieves are in there,” he breathed. “What i T

shall I do to putsa spoke in their wheel?”

Slipping off his, shoes he crept" over'to the
door, pushed it cautiously open far enough to 
_ There were two~ a
men squatting before Mr. Appleby’s private safe, l s

admit his head and looked in.

one of whom was working at the combination

lock, occasionally consulting a ‘slip of‘ paper in ‘

his hand. .

The light froman electric’ lamp held by one  ii

the yintruders shone full’ on the same door, but:

‘go reflection lit up the faces. of the men 

ciently for Vance to recognizeethem, p , .

sfumblng tthalock’ ;M.A .1.  
‘ pcashigelr. while,  yothei-vEii:asi'(1'look:,pt‘l1bey’ssnleau§h,s

 
 

 

* n~

 

urniture. A '

assed that way to see that all was rightﬁri

As far as he could make out...he did. 

been there. i 
Reaching the glass door of the ofﬁcehe looked. 
appeared to. ‘ "
e opened the ‘ :
Then he caught‘ the ..

   

 gift.

  

‘thousand dollars--three thousand apiece.

‘he nor any
« cashier.

 

I" to’ avoid being seen.

"A after they had listened attentively
"minutes.

= there is," said _
‘there’ is anybody in the building. _ _
There is. nobody around this ne1gli- ~ _ ' y
, villain, whoever he is',,put this blamed’ oust”

 
 
 

CHAPTER CIX.—-In Which Our Hero saves
- the Boss’s Money.

Vance was very much astonished to see Cooke
and the cashier in the store at that hour of the
night, and especially monkeying with Mr. Apple-
bry’s private safe. They had no right at 'all to be
there,‘ and therefore their presence and their
actions were decidedly suspicious.

' “They’re up to something crooked,” thought the
boy. “It is a good thing I came this way and
noticed that the front door had been forced. I

- reckon these men will have an explanation to

make to-morrow to Mr. Appleby, and it’s more
than likely they’ll get the bounce, if nothing

i worse happens to them. The cashier seems to

have the ﬁgures of the combination in his hand.
‘He must have found them somewhere." ~

“Can’t you get it open?” asked Cooke.

“Sure, I can. It’s open now,” replied the
cashier, seizing the handle and pulling open the
heavy door.

Cooke ﬂashed the light inside the safe.

“The money is in one of these drawers,” said
the cashier. - ——

“They're locked, aren’t- they?”

“I’ll be able to force them with this thin steel
jimmy.”

The speaker immediately began operations, and
presently Vance heard a snap in sound, like a
pistol shot. The cashier had ro en the tongue
of the lock of the upperdrawer. _

‘‘Here’s the money,” he said exultantly, “six

We’ll

divide when we reach your room."
He swungthe safe door shut and both stood up.
“The old man will wonder how the drawer got
broken and the money iiisappeared with the safe

) - _ lock apparently not tampered with,” chuckled

Cooke. .

“Let him wonder. What do we care? s Neither
body else can suspect us,” said the
“Now let’s be oif.”- ~
Vance slipped awayfrom the door just in time

Unfortunately, one of his
feet came in contact with an office stool and it
fell over with a crash just as the cashier, fol-

 lowed by Cooke, stepped into the counting—room.

. “Good Lord! What was that?” gasped the
salesman. .
The cashier, who was equally startled, made no
answer. The both stood glued to the spot, while
Vance, who ad ducked under one of the tall
desks, remained as silent as a. mouse. -
“It's a stool that fell down,” said the cashier

for severa

i “I see it is,” replied Cooke, in an agitated tone;

_i; “but how came it to fall.

“Must have been one of the big cats.”

“How could a cat throw down that big stool?

’ I’m afraid there is somebody here.”

“Throw your electric light around and see if
the cashier; ‘fbut I don't ‘believe
How could
there be? _ I
barhood at this hour, except the cop, and he won 1:
be back for an hour probably. We were careful

tygclose the front door.’'.

  
 

  

’dound to his credit. The cashier, had, étblezry

_ expected to divide with ooke.

with the settee, and both went over  a[_.hea an

 
       

“But we didn’t lock it,‘ nor. the :‘g'la$s .1100!
either,” said Cooke.’ . ', . i 
k “Because ;we couldn't, as the ‘porter has jth
eys.” T , 
“Somebody might have tried the front door,’ an
ﬁnding it unlocked walked in.” . I 
“Not one chance in a hundred.”
“That one chance might--—’.’ , . C 3? :- »
‘‘Don’t. talk so much. I'll turn ‘u ‘the: as
That will be better than your electric, ight. ‘-shut"
the door of the private oiiice.” _ .
Vance knew that when the gas was turned To
full he would be discovered, so he dashed out from
under the desk and butted the cashier in ;the,.
stomach, upsettin him on the ﬂoor." The ,n"ia‘nV
uttered a cry as e went down. Cook’e’also‘~‘ut—-
tered an exclamation, for he saw thedark 'o’bjec'b’,
pop out and bump into his companion.» Vance‘
then took advantage of the confusion into which"
he had thrown the two unfaithful emplo eesﬂandi’
darted for the glass door opening into t e store"
picking up his shoes on the way. ’He slamme“
the door to after him, slipped on his shoesia
awaited further developments. He _ehuck1ed“_as
he thought of the consternation into which ‘he?’
had thrown the two men, and he wonderedliow
he could ﬁnish the job in a. way that Would- ““"?‘“

   
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  

‘$6,000 from Mr. »Appleby’s rivate safe,.,whieh<lm_e
. . , Vance i<:1aa‘:rT¥
regarded itas his duty to recover that niiinoy
and return it to the merchant when he came down
to his oﬁice. He thought first of rushingto
front entrance and looking for a policeman,’bixt_
on reﬂection he knew the chances were ~again'st'
one being in sight. If he left the buildingto ﬁnd
one the cashier, and Cooke would escape‘ whilej;",}‘i‘Q.
was away, and Vance would then.havclonly.‘hlju’
uncorroborated statement to—bring.—ag'9.ins't :t_lr§
rascals, which,/chey, would naturally ‘brand as
absurd lie. r . ' 

In order to bring the crime, home to themﬁthe
money would have to be found on either one o
the other. , .— "  f _

Vance could see the two menconsulting inside
the oﬂice. They were seemingly afraid to 
out into the store. At the same ,time“thejr'.
not dare remain long in the countinlg;-rooni, 
boy knew that it would be foolis‘ in Him 
attack the men single~handed without’ a’ W,‘ pix
of some kind, and even at that he would be: takih 
chances. Just the same he was’ resolved fthaiy
they should not get away. At length the ‘cashier
and his companion started to leavethe counting-
room. Vance shoved the cane settee he had 
sitting on across the dark passage‘. . Then»
v rabbed up~a small, ﬂat unholstered st-ooI~.tha§

is foot came in contact with in the dark- 
waited. The two. evidently had decided to -malg 
a quick break for the front do_or,,wi,thou:t
Ii 1

  
  
     

   
   
   
    

W

   
   
  
  

atny attention to the person they knew. was 1-
sore. W - 
As they hurried forward the cashier collided

  
  
    
  

the floor, Cooke tumbling on top , J, . , .
.'_‘Oh, oh,” groaned the cashier, “I’ve.brokerfs
shins, and you nearly knocked ‘the wind ..oi1tv'
me. . p r .,  .,  
“I nearly broke myneck,” "howled Cooke. 

    
   
  

ri ht in our path. , , i , 
%‘Help',me up, will you?’ asked'theca A

 

   
 

 
 

  

  oar , / . . ‘ > ‘

, Swat!‘ The stool caught him in the,m1ddla_of
the back,'and he pitched forward onhhis face with
droar of pain that echoed through the store.’
i;‘*What’51.}§:.pp;enedtto you?” inquired the cash-

I, struggi g 0 ge UP-

_ 1 Cooke lay groaning on the ground, for the blow
~ had been no gentle one. Vance_sneaked up be-
"hind and struck him a blow behind the ear and

he went down like a mnepin. . _ _

{The boy grabbed the dazed man in his arms
and drag him. into the office where he tied
his arms grind-him with a towel.

-- Then he shoved him into the private room.

turned the [key on him and put it In his pocket.

“That's one of ézhelxgn disposed of, breathed
M " '

Y?i*:g,?{ingNo}livsf$t?ay0tl)1l:he front door he looked

out. but there was no sign of the salesman out-

a~iq‘eI. guess he's gone. I’ll have to stay here and

watch the store till a policeman shows up. It

w_ould.never do ‘forms to go_ away and leave the

~ ‘place open in this wayy even If _I have to stay here
ndguard all night,” Vance said to himself.

3.1-Is stood there for nearly an hour before he

.héand the sound of footsteps echoing along the

gfdewalk. A patrolman was leisurely ap roach-

ng, ¢3're1esg1y swinging _h1s night-stick. soon
as:-he get near Vance hailed him. _ '
zjwhen the oﬁ’i_cer« came up to him the boy ex-

..p1_ained ‘who he was, told‘ where he had been

' gpendjng the evening, and how on his way home
he" passed by the store and found the outstxde door
 was all right when I passed here two hours
ago,” said the cop. “Somebody has been here
‘ ‘ n

Vance proceeded with his story, and ‘told the
policeman all that the reader knows.

 The officer was much astonished.

I (‘You say that you caught one of them?" he

 I 10’¢ked him up in the boss’ privateﬁoﬂce.
H--5; 5,, page yet} re prepared to make rthe t aiﬁe
..,: My ary against him, so Ill take 1m 0 e
on. ’
an I ” ied the b0 . -
-«.Im’§‘;‘§‘;.I.{f";1o in 3,131 gyeti him,”“e}t:.id téiﬁe oilicer.
They both entered e stgere-I enth ?Y gltfllxe
”o-"the spot vhere the se er ay In elr p .
Vance restored it to its proper _p ace and put the
‘stool back’ where he had found it._
, h Then‘ they went on ‘to the counigng-rolom. yheg
,, Vance opened the private rooinb oorhtey oun
lithe casluersittmg H1 ML APP 9 37'5"‘: 5131'-
V «You are under arrest, my man, said the of-
cer. v
.. '. , de no answer.
 c.gfs}l'l?sr gligerpriysee seemed  have knockcid
ghgawind completely «rut of llli sea 3] so scﬁizgreuaan.
He,.._,,gere‘3 ‘"0 rail? :1-.o‘:~eetI3 theestgeet
M V m,3:rched.h1m throu H be d d h -
* .fFind‘a cou le of sma “er s an a. amnier
,md_:%,g3,V:2 ~53; V ‘the oiiicer. We must secure t is
our ore we save. —
_ _. Vance. knew that he would ﬁnd vtvﬁiat was
 the basement, so he went I ere anl
_  t;laem,up.i Five minutes,later he was run -
,..ﬂ1e.,do0p-ugunder thecops eye. I . . M
you-_kmw te gchap who got away, MI think you

  
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  

S’

 
 

 «

   

   

The unexpected

 _disclosed the‘ identity of. tlie’iethieves.jto— 

   

  

“Sure, I do. He’s. one of our salesmen.”
“Know where he lives?” «

“I do not, but we've got his address at the‘.

store."

The cashier was marched to the station and
lined up at the desk. Vance told his story to the
desk man, and charged the cashier with robbing
Mr. Appleby’s private safe of $6,000.

The prisoner was searched and the money found
on him. After his pedigree had been taken he
was locked up in a cell and then Vance went
home well satisﬁed with his night's work.

CHAPTER X.——In Whicn Our Hero Sees Gertie
Garnett Again.

When Young appeared at the store a few min-
utes before seven next morning he was astonished
to find the street door nailed up. He removed
the boards and let himself in, discovering to his
further surprise that the inside door was un-
locked. On examining the doors he saw that
both had been forced with a jimmy, and he con-'
cluded at once that the place had been entered by

crooks and robbed. He started for the counting- ’

room first thing, expecting to ﬁnd a scene of con-

fusion there, but nothing had seemingly been dis» , » ‘V 

turbed.

“The atrolman on this heat must have nailed
the outside door up, which is a sign that he found
it open. Probably he scared the burglars away
as they were all ready to walk in. At any rate,

there is no-indication that any robbery has oc—-

curred." , 4

Thus ﬁgured Young, and then he went about
his business. Instead of coming downtown at
eight o'clock that morning, Vance walked up to
Mr. Appleby’s home on Lexington Avenue. The
merchant was just coming downstairs in answer

to the breakfast bell when Vance rang the door- 7

bell and asked for him.

“Why, Vance!” he exclaimed in surprise when
the boy was admitted to the hall. ,

“I have no doubt that you are surprised to see

me, at your house, especially at so early an hour, "

when I should be at the store, but I have called on
amatter of great importance.” .
“Indeed!” replied the merchant, looking at him,
curiously.
“Yes, sir.
night by twomen, and $6,000 taken by one of
them from your private safe.”

“Were the thieves captured?” asked the mer- »

chant eagerly. ,
“One of them was, and the money recovered.”

“Good!” replied Mr. Appleby, much relieved.’ _‘

“It was I who found the store‘ door open at
half-past one this morning," said Vance.

“You!” ejaculated the merchant in sur

Kwliat were you doing down there at so ear y an
our. -

“I attended Young’s wedding anniversary last '

night, at his ﬂat, on the lower West Side, and on

my way to the nearest Third Avenue station I .0

passed the store.” , 4
Vance proceeded to tell I everything, that hair
happened after. he entered the store. When 

  

    

‘ire.

 

 

Your store was broken into last '- ""

rise; ‘ '

   
 

   

 

 
 

 

 

 

   

 

incredulity.

“Do you mean to say that one-of these thieves

was Mr. Smith, my cashier, and’ the other Cooke.
one of my salesmen?” he said. ‘ ‘
' “I do. Mr. Smith unlocked thesafe and took
the money out of one of the drawers, the lock of
which he broke to get at it. Cooke was to get half
of the $6,000.” '

Vance then went on with his story, telling how‘
he captured Smith, and later on turned him over
to a policeman.

“He is now locked up at the Church Street sta—
tion, and will be removed to the Tombs Police

. - Court for examination this morning. I will have
. J to go there to give my evidence against him. The
' police have your money.” .

“What about Cooke?”

“He got away while I was making a prisoner
of Smith.” . .

“Well, Vance, I am under great obligations to
you for saving my money, and I promise you that
I will make it all right with you.”

“That’s all right, Mr. Appleby. It was my

‘ duty to act as I did, and I am not entitled to any

special thanks,” replied the boy.

Great was the excitement among the employees
of_ the store when the news of the arrest of
cashier Smith spread among them. The partic-
ulars of the case did not reach their ears until
it appeared in the.early afternoon papers, when
it was seen that Vance was the hero of the
affair. As soon as the merchant came downtown

I" he furnished the police with Cooke's address and
. requested his arrest. The salesman,-however, had

taken the precaution to cross over to Jersey City
to remain until he found out whether it was safe
for him to ventureback. What he read in the
newspapers convinced him that the police were
looking for him, and so he skipped out for Phila-
delphia. For the present at least he was safe, as
no one had any idea where .he had gone.

Smith, the cashier, was duly examined before

' - a city magistrate and on Vance’s testimony was
. held for action of the Grand Jury. He was sub-
? sequently tried and convicted, and he got six
' years in the State prison. Mr. Appleby presented
. «Vance with a handsome gold watch and chain and’
1 $590 in cash as an evidence of his appreciation of

his, services. A few weeks went by and then
Vance received a letter from Gertie telling him

 that she and, her mother were coming to New
York for a short visit, and that they were to
stay at Mr. Ap,plehy’s home.

Vance was delighted atvthe news, for he was
very anxious to ‘see the little beauty of Berkeley
tillage again. He judged that she must be great-
ly improved in everyyway, as it was something’

v 'more than a year since he parted from her in
 ffront of her father’s bank. He wondered to what
’ extent he shared her thoughts.

“If she only thi_ks half as much of me as I do‘ .

of her I’ll be satisﬁed,”ih-e said to himself. “She’s
a‘ fine girl, and I haven't seen a city girl yet that

can hold a candle to her.”

' Vance waited with considerable impatiélice for

;Gertie’s visit to New York. Finally Mr. Appleby»
,_.e§l1ed'_him into his private office one morning-, and;
'  him that Miss Garnee and. hernmothet 

M  .   "fA*i‘E}0§’Wl’i‘Eisi"G5’Iij5Ij?1‘

:Mr. Appleby received his statement withrsome

“vited to visit at the banker

  
  

‘which only went to:

   

arrived in the city the pi-eviou I  an
they had expressed‘ a with to see isiim‘ that’e\iriéiii:ig
if he could make it convenient to call. Of coin-35¢’
Vance could make it convenient to call éﬁd
told the ‘me:-chant'so. At eight o’clock't}ie"/pie»
sented himself at Mr. Appleby’s regjdenceiganﬁ‘
waswshown into the parlor. Ina few minutes
Gertie appeared, looking radiant in her ‘fresh
beauty, which was well set off by a new gown ;
_The _young salesman spent‘ 3‘ d'elig]:1t;’ﬁ;]“3'
mm; with Gertie and before leaving made"a_n‘_. I

 

thfa YOUIIEI People saw a good deal of each‘ at ‘
an engoyed themselves hugely Vance was: in
'5 home whenever‘—_ha_

could find the opportunity. .~ .
“When your va at'b ti , I ‘
must spend it with 1is,x"’ sari; ci§i'ii§;v 
37011 Wish to do So.” she added with cal» sideiihg”

glance that ‘was simply irresistible.  1...
h.Vance hastened to say that“nothing"would1gave
lm, greater pleasure. I ' ' 
“But before that -time ‘you certain} ‘. si’ 

up to Berkeley of .a Sunday afteriiodii cailild  '
over with us until Monday morning, ~won’tvyou‘??’r”" '
she said. .? I . :
“I guess ‘I canarr ‘t ‘if '   '
have me do 'so,” repliziriggalncé, yo.“ mi” :9’
“Of course I would l‘k t h .   .
“Then I will speak to?Mii. .i}fi.iZ§‘;' §?,.f{§’,;‘e’- .
“He W0II’t put any obstacles-in your my ?f‘q.r?
he thinks you’re one of the smartest if nos ti’,
Sznartest. 61;;-P10yees he has in the stoic‘. I hea (1
him say so. —, ~
“I am very much bl‘ cl t _ . “ ‘ ‘U
hisygrood opinion.” 0 lge .. 0 Mr pm
“Oh, you deserve it.
like you.” . . y _
“Perhaps it’s a :1‘ od th' th is d‘ I‘.
in the city,” he said.0 _ mg a  
“‘Why‘.7” she asked in surprise. ‘ i   '-
“Because I'm afraid you’d take »my“at1Jénti
away fromnmy business. I wouldn't be*able"
think of anything else but you,” . :'  
“Oh!” she exclaimed with anotherdeep"
"You don’t mean that, I know.” .

    
  
 
  
  
  
    
     
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
 

 

E

There>.a’1-en’/t-T‘nj _

 

  

on pins and needles until you came.‘ ,Ngw_.-’u» «
you are going back tomorrow I've ,got.a.tomg}1,

the blues. I shall miss you a good/dea1,”"]1ev "
soberly. _ . . p ;. ;  V, ,

Gertie made no repl , but looked stegdﬂ "  1»

run on which her slialiiely boots rested. 
were studying‘ the pattern. attentivel, ,w1€m§
however, was not the pase. Finally .. 
up and said it was time forhim" to 'g'o,j' Miss
tie accompanied him to the frontdbor, and it} *
Vance ten minutes before he could reach ‘the "
word. She looked after him as he walked";
the street, and wished that she waslivings-’ I ’
York so that she could see .him right along
also wished she was going to stay longer,
he wished some other things rconnected’ *’ ’=
Drove that he ;was”‘v¢

  
    
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  

    
 
 
 

   
 
  

 

    

.

in love with her. I

 

  

  »XI.'—-In lWhi'c,h ‘Our Hero Is Given

 Chance To Show What Is In ‘Him. I _ ‘

A. week later a big city dealer who got all his
_1rnitur'e from Mr. Appleby called at the store
d toldthe merchant that he expected to get an
rden for something entirely original in the fur-
ure line. A very wealthy man, whose son
" about to be married to the daughter of a

\ st magnate, was going to present the young
ouple with a ﬁne new house, now in course of
. ftion, completely furnished and decorated
V ' p‘ ' ‘ The gentleman
anteddesigns and prices submitted, though _it
as‘ understood that expense was not to stand in

/ ‘away ofsart and richness. Mr. Appleby said
_s‘i would see what he could secure on the lines
Wanted, and asked for a reasonable time in which
fconsult with experts. After thinking the mat-
rgoverthe merchant thought of Va.nce’s famil-

',“H,ere’s_a chance for you to spread yourself,
‘ * man," said Appleby, “if you think the

rob 7 ‘-isn’t too hard for you to tackle.”

,I_-Io’ then told the young salesman what was
._.wanted.._ - . A __ _
"If ou think you can evolve something par-
iticula y unique in the furniture‘ and upholstery
line; without being hampered as to cost._ go ahead
in-d. sea what you can do. If your designs meet
wit}-,Ia favorable reception you will make a name
for yourself in the artistic furniture line that will

are the way. to forfaune.” ‘
,5 f‘l’,’ll[‘try, sir. It is a matter I am sure ﬁnd
‘of great interest. The furniture is to be designed
font the whole house. I believe?" ‘
«~ ‘FThat’.s right.” v
“Then, ‘sir, I shall ‘want to find out just how the
oms'a1~e to be painted and decorated in order to
out theproper color eﬁ’ect,” replied Vance.
“ipjﬂshould also like to have a personal interview
. Ah; Mr, Ward, the ‘gentleman who is going to
‘stwqthe ardsr:
“I. -will give you a letter to Mr. Hughes, the
;,.jintroduci_ng you as an ‘authority on ﬁne
niiture, and you can tell him what your plans

.,,_, .

“All right, sir." ,

’ ;;mid‘ing1y Mr. Appleby wrote the letter and
.}‘ggﬁdgd—'ﬁ;a1:o the young salesman. Vancelspent
'two’evening's at the Mechanics’ Library before he
Presented his. letter to Mr. Hughes at his store
town: His‘ interview with the dealer was very
“3tisf§.ctory‘to him. and Hughes 33%
it of introdudzion to the rich Mr. Ward. Next
.Vance,called on that gentleman. He had a
ngf;;_1;all;“ with Mr.»Ward, and greatly interested
ﬂ‘31;;:'~ entleman with his knowledge concerning
~1g'i'gli:-class furniture of the different ages-—an-
 ’«}n'1edieval and modern, especially that of the i
_  “teenthxand seventeenth centuries; and his
‘ ﬁgs-pf applying up-to-date ideas to the best pro-
‘ ‘nsof the past.

‘ r<.*?Wa"rd-gave Vance a letter to the head of
ufweﬂ-_kndwn“‘ Fifth avenue decorative ﬁrm who
Sprdduce the decoration and painting of
' ‘;i_iew,house. _ _
Ha‘ will Show you designs in color for each of
s "Whl(_5ll' have been approved‘ by me, and
will ‘thus ‘be able toﬁnd out how you will’

  
    
    
  
   
 
  
  
    
   
 
  
 
 
  

 

.4“

   

 

 

him a let- i

 

  

shown in a house. If-I can work my plan out
successfully your son will have a house that will
be a dream in its outfitting.”

‘‘That’s what I am looking for,” said Mr. Ward.
“Spare no expense in this matter, young man,»
and do your very best. Your designs will be sub-
mitted to an expert in artistic house-furnishing,
and they will stand or fall on his report.”

- It‘took Vance two weeks to study out the salon
furniture, the most important set, which be pro-
posed to submit as a test. If he failed in that
there was no use of his going further. Vance
made the rough drawings, but he was obliged to
employ a skilled draughtsman to reproduce them
in proper artistic shape. He ﬁlled in the color
design himself, and when he had a sample of each
article of furniture intended for the salon, or
grand parlor. he called on the millionaire and
submitted the drawings for his inspection. Al-

though Vance had evolved what the draughtman 5 A‘ l
and Mr. Appleby both declared to be a magniﬁ- -

cent _idea in the furniture line, the boy felt de-

cidedly nervous when he visited the magnate, ‘

notwithstanding that Mr. Ward had said that he
was not going to pass ﬁnal judgment on the dc-
signs himself. Mr. Ward, however, was so taken
with the result of Vance’s proposition that he de-
clared it suited him to a T. .

"Any idea’ of what the cost of this set will be?"
he said.

“No, sir; but it will run above $20,000—c-asily‘, 0

enough. All three fabrics used in the upholster-
ing will have to be made specially to order in Eu-
rope under a. guarantee that the ‘designs are not

to be duplicated for anyone else. Youvwanted. ‘

somethingcriginal and special. Well, here you
have got it. , Such things cost big money. It will
take time, too, to turn them out.”

“How long ‘do you suppose it will take?" asked 0

Mr. Ward. — «
“Call it six months, though I'm afraid it will
take longer.” " -

“All right. I doubt if the house will be ready 7 V‘ I

for the decorator before that time, and he won't

be able to do his work inside of three months, so ’

you will have plenty of time.” '

Vance estimated that the lowest ﬁgure that Mr. i
Ward could calculate on for the furniture com-, ‘
iplete‘ was $100,000 ‘as the wood was to be the ﬁn-
est obtainable an’ the carvings alone, would be ,

something exquisite. '

‘In due time the designs were passed upon fa-
vorably, a general and 11)‘/E-ovisional estimate sub-
mitted of the cost, and r. H
signed order to go ahead.

his oﬁice.
“Youn man ” he said,_ “you have hit the chance:
of your life. lf the ultimate results agree with

the promise aiforded by your designs your for-

tune is made. As a.» salesman you havealreadgy » -7 i 
e-

made your mark in my estimation. :’ For a- d
signer and originator of artistic furniture on
seem to be best fitted. The unusualpoint is t at
you are starting at the top of the ladder in that

 

direction instead of at-the\~fo‘ot, as might natural‘ _

ly be expected. But you ,couldn’t do that 

 

  is’

stand in the matteriof shade,” said Mr. Ward. ‘j ..
“My idea is to decorate into the furniture of 9.
each room some hint of the decorative design oi’.
the room itself," said Vance. “I want to produce,
if possible, something that has never before been ,

ughes received the A ‘L
He communicated with '
Mr. Appleby, and the merchant called Vance into :

 

     

  
   

 13' 5 

, chine.

 

 

are‘ gifted with real genius for the work.

. " 11
ET?) r_e roduce yourdesigns to your satisfaction
it Wll , of course, be necessary for you to give

your entire attention to supervising the manu-
facture from start to ﬁnish. You will there-
fore start at once. You are to assume the entire
responsibility of this order.
go to Europe and give your personal attention to
the proper reproduction of your upholstery de-
signs. After getting your estimates from the
manufacturers in this country you may find it
advisable to have a part of the work done in a
foreign country and shipped here to be ﬁnally
assembled or put together like the parts of a ma-
It will be up to you to use your own judg-
ment,_ for the ultimate ,_credit or blame, as the
case may be, will rest on your shoulders." I have
no fear but you will come out all right, for you
are a boy of grit. and ambitious to succeed in a
great venture. By giving. the world something
new, artistic and superb in the furniture line——
something that is bound to be illustrated in the
magazines and newspapers-—you will make a
reputation for yourself that will lead to both
fame and fortune. Upon my word, even at this
stage of the matter, I feel proud to have been
the means of starting you on the right road to
success.” 7 _ i ,

Vance was very much gratiﬁed to hear his em-
ployer talk in this encouraging strain, and he
resolved then and there that he would not disap-

int the expectations that Mr. Appleby had in...

is ultimate triumph.

CHAPTER XII.-—In Which Our Hero, Discovers‘

A Wolf In Sheep’s Clothing.

Vance lost no time in getting the work under
way, for there was a whole lot of preparation
to be done before he could get things started in
earnest._

As soon as the designs had been accepted and

» Mr. Ward had authorized Mr. Hughes to go ahead

with the work, Vance wrote a sort of triumphant

, letter to Gertie telling her that things had turned
out just as she had prophesied.

“Mr. Appleby has put the whole job in my

,hands to superintend,” he wrote, “so it’s up to

me to turn out the goods or take the consequences.
Well, I’m not afraid »of results if I can get my
designs reproduced as! the speciﬁcations call for.
I was going to make preparations to go to Eu-
rope at once, but I have decided to postpone the

, trip, as I have reason to believe that the Spring-

ﬁeld Furniture & Upholstery Manufacturing
Company can turn out the work I want as good

.. as the French artists, and in that case such for-

eign material as I must have I can import with-
out crossing the ocean myself. My idea was also
to visit the famous carving mills at Milan, Italy,

,and another at Turin. but by accident I discovered

that an Italian family of expert wood and ivory
carvers and turners, from Turin, has lately ar-
rived in this country, and has been hired bythe
Springﬁeld Company, so it strikes me that I’ll

I , be able to get all my work done here, which will
. save considerable expense.” ,
Vance having ﬁgured that the Springﬁeld Com- a

pony had the facilities for turning outwhat he
wanted, he packed his grip, and taking his de-

  ‘A BOY I    x‘   ,
signs iniaspecially-made caserstartedl ’ " ‘for  ‘kw’ ii

You may have to‘

 

   
 
  

ager of the company. .. » r . ,
No one in Mr- Appleby’s establishment -was.‘
supposed to know the business that took Vance, .,
out West, but it happened that one of the junior . '3
clerks, who privately felt very jealous of Vance’s 
success. overheard an interview between'Yane§;,—i:
and the merchant. and thereby learned a secret,
not‘ intended for his cars; This clerk‘, whose;_.,
name was Moss. was a‘ second cousin of the 
cally Cooke, Mr. Appleby’s late salesman, who’. 
had been implicated in the safe robbery, but had’ ,,
escaped by skipping out of the State,’ going’,to1-’-
Philadelphia, and‘ changing his name. 7 , ~* . ;
Cooke kept up communication with Moss, whose
ﬁdelity he believed he could rely on, and he got
all his personal belongings out of his 1-ooms—.'ln* .
West Thirty—fourth street and forwarded to  3
in Philadelphia through the connivance of Mos_s.j
When Moss discovered that Vance was going
West, and the nature of the business taking him,
there, he lost no time in communicating the jfadts
to Cooke, telling him that there was a chance for ._
him to et square with the boy who had  
:2? business of looting Mr. A.ppleby’s private, *
3. ’ i ‘ ' V ‘;
Cooke duly received Moss's letter under his .as-,;;
sumed name, and after reading it over decided’ I
that he would buy a ticket as’ far as Pittshurg,
and try to steal the case of designs from‘ Vance,
before he reached the Smoky City. « "  .
The boy would be travelin in one of thevslee  .
ers, and, If possible, he we :1 get a berth? in e, 
same car, and try his game on after‘ Vance had
turned in and was asleep. Of course he won}
have to disguise himself in order to. prevent
Vinton from recognizing him, so when *he'.got
aboard the train at the North Phila"delphia~ 
tion he was made up as a white—haired o,ld9m""
of sixty-ﬁve years. He walked slowly lthroug _
the Pullman cars, at the end of the‘ train,raag_;. _
located Vance in the last one. There happened Ito 
be a vacant berth in the car, and Cooke secured). .'
it from the conductor before the train'pulled“!"
out for the West. This berth happened to 
the up 1- one in the same section‘ as that see" .
cured y Vance, and Cooke therefore was?’ en;.‘*
titled to occupy the double seat facingthe ,j
Vance was readin a current issue of a mom: *3“
magazine when Cooke took possession of the geéti
to which the Pullman car ticket entitled him.f"\ "
The young salesman looked up and saw.th‘¢,i;
his new traveling companion appearedvto be 
inOﬁ'ensiVe—looking' old gentleman with white hair ‘ _
He did not dream that the white hair 
mustache were bogus; the ﬂoridcomplexion and, 
wrinkles made up with the aid of theatrical 
pre arations, and the aged. manners assume, I 
ance was young yet in the‘ways’ of theiwoi-¢l;1',-.
and not overburdened with suspicions of math
kind ingeneral. In this country, especially whe
brought into contact on trains or steamboats, iti ,,
an easy matter for two men to strike upgaltigern-sisﬁ
porary acquaintanceship, and even become quite‘_‘''
chummy before they part, in all probabilityf‘ ‘#3
meet again. Cooke took advantage inf. ‘tau

3
ﬁeld, Illinois, to consult with the genéral,ma‘1i l
3
i

 

  

 
 
  

x

 
    
 
 

    
 
  
 
   
   
    
  

privilege of travelers to introduce
soon as possible tothe boy he intended rrolfbi
The ﬁrst thing,h did, however, was 
around for the ﬂat ck case that Moss!’ '
formed himrcontained the valuable designs. *4

   

    

  

f, .:He»xsaw' iton the seat beside Vance, between
his body‘ and the side of the car. He got but a
where glimpse of it, but that was enough to stamp
its size, shape and color in_his mind's eye. It
answered fully to his cousin's descr1pt1on,_ so
Cooke hadn’t any doubt but that was the article
he"was there to appropriate. After leaving Phila-
delphia the éasorter started in to make up the
seats‘ into be . Cooke, while he pretended to be
reading an evening paper, was watching Vance In
a furtive way. ’ ”
‘g guetsls we’l1ltehave to move, ybung man, he
sai as e po r came u . _
' The boy nodded and left his seat as Cooke did
the same. He was careful to pick up ‘the case
containing his designs and take it with him. They
. walked back to the smoking compartment at the
‘ ‘end of the car. Cooke produced 3 c1 ar~case.
“Do you smoke, young man?” he as ed, present-
‘ ' Vance. ' -
m,ix‘}if),t‘thank you, I don’t indulge,” replied the
Y» . .
,“Not even to the extent of a cigarette?” said
the bogus old man. _
g“Not even cigarettes,” answered Vinton, Very
politely.

“Then. I may assume that you conﬁne our

 

rascal. I
“I rarely drink anything but water.” ’
“Stickto that principle, young man, and you ll
. get on all right.” _ ’
‘ “I mean‘ to. Strong drink doesnt do any one
albit of good. , On the contrary, it does a whole
Plot of harm.” _
“I agree with you. Look not upon the wine
when it is red.”
“Or White, either,” laughed Vance.
» ‘“That’s right. I should be glad to know your
— name, young man.” I
‘ “Vance Vinton.”

 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
     
   

‘ l S rin eld, Illinois”,
er"lllii0<l;e}edlp” rgglied Vance, with some interest.
("Furniture ismy line. too.” I

 “You don’t say! Have you a store of your
‘, own?)7. I .

' “No, sir. I am connected with the wholesale
‘house of Wilford Appleby, No. —— Blank Street,
_‘New York.”

 “I've heard of the establishment. It’s an old
ii’ i the line.” ' , . '
.h°}‘1§'ees,risir. Mr. Appleby has been in busines
. ’ ' thirt ears.” ’
‘,“l’3‘,i_l,e* youytifaveling for the house?”

,‘/Not in the sense you mean. I am going West
to look. after the production of a large order that
I Mr. Appleby has on his b00k=S-” _

' ._ They continued to converse_ for a time and then
‘ Vance ‘excused himself, saying that he guessed
t”hevwo‘u1d.turn in. Cooke betook himself to the
rear platform, where there Were stools for the
Jccdmmodgtion of the passengers, and ﬁnished his
*7 "cigai-,,turning over in his mind the best avail-
Ei,,;.'—n‘p1e' lan for ‘securing the case. He had a bottle
"ch oroform in his pocket ‘which he intended to
 fur stupefying Vance if he co1_ildn’t‘g,et at
ilié case in any’ other way. He remained up until
eleven, by’ which time everybody in. the car, ex-
gept the pm-tej-, was in his bunk. Then he went
'i'o'thje section, the upper ‘berth of which was his.

’ RA thick and heavy curtain veiled the bunks.

A 9

 

' Observing that the porter Was not visible he

 drinking to soft stuff," chuckled the disguise old .

tfjyﬁne is Gregory Gallup. I’m a furniture deal-/N

got behind the curtain and looked into the lower
berth where Vance lay asleep. He saw no '
of the ﬂat ‘black case and concluded that the boy
had stowed it under his pillow for greater *
He did not dare fumble for it lest he wake the

boy.

“I’l1 have to drag him,” he muttered, putting
his hand in his pocket for the chloroform. He
thrust his head out through the folds of the cur-
tain and saw that the coast was clear. Then he
took his handkerchief from his pocket and began
saturating it with the drug. At that moment
something awakened Vance and he saw the old
white-haired man pouring something from a little ._
bottle on a handkerchief. He naturally supposed i
the presumed old gentleman was going through.
the performance for his own bene t. Cooke re-f
corked the bottle and returned it to his pocket,
then, not noticing that his intended victim was
awake and looking: at him, he thrust his hand
forward and pressed the handkerchief over the
boy’s mouth and nostrils.

CHAPPTER XllI.——He Is a Boy or Grit. '

In an instant Vance was alive to the real sig- .

niﬁcance of the situation. Vance dashed the hand
and handkerchief from his face and sat up in
his berth, though not before he caught amgood

whiff of the dru , which made him feel confused .

and dizzy. Coo e, seeing that he had been de-
tected in the act, became desperate, for he felt
that exposure and arrest were likely to follow.
He ﬁgured that his sole chance of safety la

in carrying out his project at all hazards. Wi
an imprecation he threw himself upon the boy
and tried to’ accomplish his purpose. Vance was
a sturdy youth, and though Cooke had the advan-
tage of position, the boy put up such a struggle

that the disguised furniture salseman was unable ,

tracted the attention of the colored r, who
at that moment came into that part of the car
to collect shoes, which it was his practice to polish

to make any headway. The noise the‘ made at-

for the customary tips he secured thereby from. .

the passengers. .
“Hello!” he exclaimed. coming to the section.
“What’s the trouble here?” ’
“Catch hold of this old man,” replied Vance.
“He's been trying to drug me.”

Before the astonished porter could do anything .

Cooke sprang up, pushed him aside and rushed
forward into the next car. Vance jumped out of
his berth, and while he hurried on his trousers

and jacket, which he had removed when he turned '

‘ rter.

in, explained matters to the
e inquired of the

“Where is the conductor?”
darky. '

“In the fust car, I guess, boss."

“I must see him at once. That old rascal must
be caught and turned over to the police at the
next stopping place. I'll bet he’s some profes-

sional that makes a business of robbing passen- * I

gers in the sleeping-cars."

Vance then hastened to the third Pullman for? A

ward and found the conductor in his private
compartment in the car. He told his story, to
the man’s surprise, and requested that the train
be searched for the white-headed rascal. ,

  

safety. .

 

     

 13?:

, _:,$e,veral of the train-hands were pressed into ,
service, and after Vance had accurately described”

a " thedpersonal op earance of the man who had tried
f-,, to rug him, or the presumed purpose of rob-
‘ r hing him the more easily, the search was begun
' of‘ the cars.
Cooke, knowing that he could not esca e from
. a train running over fifty miles an hour, elt that
his only chance would be to remove his disguise
and trust to luck. He dashed into the lavatory
of the middle Pullman, hurriedly got rid of his
. white wig and beard, and washed the make—up
from his face. . »
He could not change his clothes, but as he wore
_ a plain dark business suit that diclnot greatly
matter. When he had resumed his natural ap-
j pearanoe he looked nothin at all like the old
gentleman character in which he had been mas-
guerading. Through a crack in the wash-room
, oor he saw Vance go forward. He judged cor-
‘ rectly that the boy was after the conductor of
C the Pullman coaches to tell him what had hap-
pened, and to cause a search to be instituted for
the aggressor. He noticed that Vance did not have
. hiscase of designs with him, and a daring idea
‘ took possession of hisbrain, which was nothing
. «less than to venture back into the rear Pullman
«. and search the boy's bunk for it while he was
’ absent.
The rascal went directly to Vance’s berth,
i ulled the pillows aside and saw the coveted case
, ~'ying7 on the top of the mattress. He grabbed it
1 and rushed out on the rear platform, where he
began to consider whether he dare take the
- ‘desperate risk of leaping from the swiftly moving
train. In the meantime the search Went on
-through the cars, beginning with the smoker and
continuing thence to the day coaches, and ﬁnally
«back to the sleepers.

The search became more careful than ever
when the "party struck the Pullmans. They looked
into all wash-rooms and other compartments, but
did not disturb any of the sleepers, though every
vacant berth, of which there were only a few,
was examined. Cooke, looking through the rear
door, saw the searching party enter the last car.
‘_ Although he looked nothing like the old man
they were in search of, his presence on the lat-

_ form would be regarded with suspicion, an the

. moment Vance got a square look at him he was
bound to recognize him, and would no doubt cause
liis"arrest on the safe robbery charge. At the
best Cooke felt that his position was desperate.
Suddenly the locomotive blew its whistle for
down» brakes. Then the rasc-ally salesman felt
the 'olting of the car  the airbrakes were up-

lied. The speed of the train was decreasing.
ith a thrill of satisfaction Cooke jumped down

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 

at the proper moment. He had the small black
case in his hands containing Vanco’s precious
designs; and his wicked heart was now exultant
~ t‘the thought that things had ‘come his way at

‘ ast. Three toots from the engine and the brakes
, were removed from the wheels. The train began
’t0/ regain headway. Cooke knew he had to jump
"now, if ever, and he sprang into the darkness.
As he. did so the search party came out on the
‘rear platform and Vance, who had discovered
.. the loss of his case, saw the shadowy ﬁgure leap
from the last step. He was satisﬁed that it was
. ﬂ1e'little‘old man who had outwitted them‘ up to

 

_ that the men was drunk.

 on the lowest step, ready to spring to the ground ‘

that_poin_t, and that he had stolen his: precious
case. Without waiting to consider; the ‘questio
further, for it was absolutely necessarythat he_.
should recover his case with the designs,, be;
rushed down the steps and sprang. ,from‘—‘~t_ho,
train, too. '  V V,  

 

CHAPTER XIV.—ln Which Our Hero Is A‘
To a Surprise.‘ ’ ’

Vance landed on the roadbed with a shock that
nearly knocked the senses out of him,’ eilthoughs
he had taken the precaution to jump with the,
train. Without the loss of many niomentsafhef
started back along the track for the urpose’ of '
getting on the track of the little olcﬁ man ‘w’
had taken his case. He hadn't the slightest.
suspicion that the party was far from beingfani
old man, and was really Cooke, the ex-salesman’ _
of Mr. Appleby’s store.   .- ; 

He hurried along in the gloom of the night, 
peering ahead for a glimpse of the man he was; * ‘
after. Fortune played somewhat into his hands, ’
because Cooke was dazed by his fall from the
train, and was sitting alongside the‘tracks,fo.l-X
lowed by the express when Vance came alongil
Cooke saw him, but did not recognize him in: the ‘ -,. »
darkness. The idea that Vance or anybody else
had followed him off the train was? the last thi ;;
that would have occurred to‘ the,rascal-isytriiigfe

He supposed that the newcomer was somebody
tramping the track, maybe to his home in’ tlmt,
vicinity. Vance stopped in front of him. ‘He
didn’t recognize Cooke, but‘ he could see one thing; ‘
that this man was not the white-haired rascal
he was in search of. "His first impressioniﬁﬁas

i
-a
9
2'

 
 
  

 
   
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
   
 
    
   
   
    
   
  
   
   
  

“Hello! What's the matter?” he said. ,  _  .
Cooke recognized Vance’s voice in some as ,,'nish~.
ment, and looking at him closer saw that‘it:w.as;
indeed the boy himself. How the dickens. c'_£uI_:_.o
he to be there and speeding away on the iirai
as he supposed he was? was the question that
staggered the rascally salesman. Cooke was rm.-
mediately seized with a funk. ‘ He looked ai'o_1_1nd"
for the case of designs, which had fallen....out_.~o
his hands when he struck the ground, and ‘picki, gi
it up made a sudden break for the woods oniono
side of the railroad. Dark as it was, Vance,re,c-
ognized the case with no little surprise, for his-
mind associated it in company with the old white-
haired rascal. I . 
That fact did not preyent him from making an
effort to regain possession of it. ,  ‘ ‘ . 1 "
“Come back here with that case!” he yelled. a,
Cooke rushing after him as he spoke. ,_ 
Cooke paid no attention‘ to him, all his energies-,
being devoted to putting as great a distance ,be ‘
tween himself and the owner of the case as pas»
sible. Vance’s “monkey” was up: howeve'r.»K, -He;
intlended to get his case of designs back .al;'a'n
ris . . i ,-
Who this person was who now had ,it‘i:n’h_,
possession, or how he had got hold of ‘it. usasﬁ
mystery to the boy, for he certainly ,..bor'e ,
resemblance to the white-haired old man‘, 7
young salesman was after. , V T  ‘_
“Well, he won't hold on to it any longer-: __am_
it takes me to catch him,” muttered’ Vainte sol-
lowing the sounds in the wood-made bygco‘ ‘ ‘

  

   
    

  

h puts up a light to keep it I’ll
e,-himall that’s' coming to him.”
., 7A-fteg-.. g_ .ﬁf1-semi-minute chase, .
, mice‘ tried in vain
e'as'e’,.-all,-sounds su

during which
to overhaul the man _
ddenly ceased ahead, leaving
to conjecture what trick the
d -adopted to insure his escape. '_\7ance
uarter of an hour without
orced to admit to himself
him successfully.

” the young salesman
“Here I'm in

esult, and then was
hat the man had fooled
. “What shall I do now?

imself in eat chagrin.
- ked h obablgr miles from thenearest town,
the nearest house for all I know to
y case of designs, on which my
e depend,’ may now be lost
ard luck. We simply

contrary. M
tation and futur
forever. Talk about h _

But I'm not going to give‘ up all hope.
ook about as unsat1sf_'actory_as
'11 remain around this locality
re if necessary to get on the
ty. The chap who has it will
tion of the case that its contents
him. That’s no satisfaction to
He may destroy the designs, or
when he ﬁnds out that his
d brick as far as he is

,tbb\,Igh. things do 1
they" well could.
orga week or mo
tracltof my .
find on examina
Ire of no use to
mephowever.
roiw ﬁiem away;
rise-spackagje is a gel

been up against such ahard
e was facin _
arch out of him, but it didn’t.
grit, and he never gave up ‘
one plank held. to another.
monkeying around in the
any longer. The only thing
straight forward and trust
dea how far the woods
from the railroad tracks, but _he
He walked sturdily
keep his courage up. He had
k full ‘of. hope at seven o’clock that
ﬁve hours later things were all 1
' d sevens- with ‘h’

Vance had never

J_lI‘,here- was no 1158
n. the darkness

9

1 ended away
bﬁlieggdcouldn
3, ea‘ 1 I n
1eft:New Y0.

” he muttered.

0.-
U2
.

a fellow has to ta _ _
But the Jolt I’ve got is simply the
. worst ever.” -

i As he breathed th

woodson to a r_0ad-_

aheanghe saw ‘a faint light W

fro‘iiri..a house.

e thought he came out_of the
A considerable distance
hich he guessed came

 

f it might rain, and I’ve lost
who has my property, I guess
tter than go on to that house
'ght,” thought‘ the boy.
later he saw the outlines of a

looming through the‘ gloom.
window on the ground
d right on. the road, and a
n the entire length of its front.
to _the window and ‘looked in.
‘him to utter a gasp of aston-
p wooden table, with
and glasses in
one of whom theboy

» can?t do any’ be

. lit

‘Fifteen minutes
two—story buildulg
. light came
 -The house face
wide: veranda ra
V'a,ﬂ1¢é“bIalked‘ up

Sitting at a C1163

 any who was wan
safe‘ robbery, while the other was. the semin-
,'_l .B“zzaJ:d, who hadxbossed the tram_-wrecking
‘ ' hg, »Ne’w,Y;orkgCentral road whichyance
; red from coming to ahead.

 

    

1

!‘Well, who’d think of seeing Cooke away out

here in the wilds of Pennmrania?” breathed"

Vance. “Hobnobbing with

1: lrascally train- '

wrecker, too. They are talking together as if they . V . ~

were old friends. Great Scott! If that isn't my
case of designs lying on the ﬂoor beside him.

How in thunder did it come into his possession?‘

Why, he must have been the fellow who ran
against the railroad and afterward chased and
lost in the woods. I-le must have seen the white
haired man jump from the Pullman. Maybe

the shock knocked him unconscious, and Cooke’

took advantage of the fact to secure the case.

I’d like to hear what they are talking about.”
The top sash was open a few inches, but the

bottom one was closed tight, and only a faint

murmur reached Vance’s ears. He int his hand.

in his pocket and pulled out his jack nife. Open-
ing the big blade he jabbed it under the lover
sash and pried it up a little. Repeated. efforts
enabled him to raise it high enough for him to
get his ﬁngers under /it, then he pushed it up a

couple of inches. Placing his ear to the opening‘ is

he was now able to hear all that was said’ in the
room. The very first words that Vance heard
caused his face to assume an unconscious expres-

sion of astonishment. Cooke was telling Blizzard c .
how he had been masquerading on the Chicago, . T

Limited as a white-haired old man in order to

capture the case of valuable furniture designs

now in his possession. .\ ‘
“Great Caesar!” gasped Vance. “I see through

the whole thing now.‘ Cooke‘ found out somehow . i

that ’I was going West on a special mission and

he made up his mind to queer the business, thul.
getting square with me and getting back atM1-.- ,
Appleby at the same time. He was the white-

haired man who boarded the Pullman at Phila-
delphia, and jumped off the train here. Gee!
But he’s a nervy rascall”

Whileithose thoughts ﬂashed through the boy’s

brain he was listening to Cooke's story. F e ex-
salesmantold Blizzard how, while attempting to

chloroform his intended victim, the boy woke up;

unexpectedly and frustrated his design. Then he
went on to tell how‘ he had dispensed with his

disguise to avoid recognition, for he knew that . ’
the cars wouldbe searched for a little white'— "

haired old man. He described how he had taken
advantage of Vinton’s absence from the last car
to go to his_berth, grab the case, which he found

where’ he suspected to the rear platform with the i »
half-formed intention of leaping, from the train ;

at the risk of his life.

The rapidity with which the train was going"‘”

discouraged that plan, but at-the critical. mo‘~
ment the speed of the express slackened up for
some reason unknown to him, and he ﬁnally ven-
tured to jump, getting a bad shaking up, but re-
ceiving no injury. ‘

Then when he thought the worst of his troubles’,

were over who should appear on the ‘scene but
the boy himself, who, he ar‘ ed, must have seen

him jump and had followed ‘im. With a chuckle“ 

of satisfaction he went on to describe how he had

eluded his young pursuer in the wood, and seeing’
alight shining in the distance he had hurried’ ’
forward to take refuge in the’ house be supposed

the light emanated from.

 

“Guess my surprise on ﬁnding youhere, Die ‘

Blizzard}? he concluded with aﬁgrin. _“The vei-

   
   

  

J

     
   
 
   

‘ last person  the world I expected to run across.

seen the boy

'Well,"I’m mighty glad to see you, bet your life.

‘ If Vance Vinton should find his way to this house

we’ll give him a reception he won’t forget for
the rest of his life.” _ _
T‘I'll bet youhe won't,” growled Blizzard with
a dark look and a smothered imprecatxon. “He s
the chap who queered a job I was engaged in
more’n a year ago.”
“How can you be sure of that?
’m speaking about."
It was in all the pa-
ers at the time and I made a note of it, intend-

You haven’t

“I remember his name.

it . mg to get back at him some day, even if I had

to wait years.” A _ , '
“Tell me about the affair," asked Cooke, curi-

’ ously.

Blizzard, after some hesitation, ﬁnally told the
ex-salesman about the attempt he and several
companions made to wreck a New York Central
express train’ at the mouth of a certain tunnel,
afndwhow their project was defeated by Vance
‘1‘1‘1W2ll, upon In Word, that boy is a corker,"
xl;ep1i<:c}l1 Cotoke. “Hoxivlexiler, Pxée got lthekbsttelrr of
‘ ' e’ aveogo aco ew
Y1:?k grid ligﬁorg thathhtis hcasedoflddesigﬂéi ‘£235
to w 1 e- aire o repro a
{savitilllu dhiribkllg “V1 “fancy he won't hold his head
soahigh as he’s lately been in the habit of doing,
' and Appleby will chan e his opinion about him
being such a paragon o -smartness." ‘

“I wish I could get my hands on him,” growled
Blizzard. “He wouldn’t get back to New York
inuavsiiiutryy 1d d t h’ ?"

» ou o 0 1m

“Whit vVvt'?J1l:.‘1ld}:7[ do to him, eh? Oh, I wouldn't

do a thing to him,” he grinned malevolently.

: lv. ﬂIfd_:__’

At -that moment there reached their ears‘ the
sound of a racket outside the WlI1dOW.

 

CHAPTER XV.-——In Which Our Hero Recovers
His Property.

Both men sprang to their feet, rushed to the

V window and looked out; As they couldn't see

very well through the glass what was going on
Blizzard threw up the sash. He recognized one
I of the two pals who were living with him at the
t 1' 'th boy. '

ho3IsI‘:ellof‘§ig\r1e1i'§:’:Nl11e agkecl, “what’s the trouble ? ”
u]"_icgugh1::[ thistcha bsgylixn’ at yerthrough the

‘a na e m. -
wlglgltsghatjelslie bog’ you were talkin’ about.
Cooke?” said Blizzar . _

«Y1-hat-3 him, thgugh 1 1can’t see his face very

" d t ’ ex-sa. esman.
“f'e"§aI?lI{1sl"1”l?Il1‘elI1tOethe house, Silvers. You can
do it without help, can't you?” Sultl the tram-

‘ w ecker. ‘ ' _

{Ifhe rascal, securing a fresh g1'1P 'c}1‘0}md the
boy's body, ushed him around the building to a
back door w ich was" opened by Blizzard "With the
lamp in his hand. A moment or two later Vane:

. found himself in the room he_had been inspec
through the window, and in the _preser_lce of
. Cooke, who greeted him with a derisive ile.

‘ ~ "Glad to.see you. Vinton." chuck!


may w,ord.", - ‘_ , p C .

x

     ‘     ‘ 

the ex»
“This is an unexpected Pl¢38l!1‘8a“1X'°3'

 
  
   

   
   

  

Vance eyed him withoutsayinia word:  
“You don’t seem particularly appy, myryoung .
salesman,” grinned Cooke. “Did you :spra"in:yo1'zr,j
suspenders getting off the express ina ' ‘ '

. g‘ harry?’
, suppose it gives you a lot. of satisfactionito
have some fun at my expense,” repliedVance Wltli
some dignity in his tone. “I don’t,see where-‘yew
have anything on me except the possession of my
ro erty which you stole from my berth in th
ul man, and of which you can make. -no use
whatever." a g  _ 
“'1‘hat’s enough to have on you. Your :fou‘x_-hey‘
out West will now be a failure, and when’ you
sneak back to the store with your am abouth ,
you lost your designs there wil be somethiixg
doing between ou and the boss.’ You won’t,.'be ‘.
the curly-heade boy any more, I’l1bet7a hat;"3
“So you went to the trouble and 
following me out of Philadelphia just to gratif
your feeling of malice against me?"~-' I » *  .
“I did it to get square on you,»and1I[ g'uessjI"v
succeeded.”  r
“I might expect such a low-down trick ‘at’. yo 
hands. A man who will d~eliberately’tak‘e parliiu
a scheme to rob his employer wil1-é-—’..’- 
"That’s enough!” snarled Cooke angrily.’ ,
“The truth hurts, does it??’ .   5  _
“You’ll find that there is‘ something that hurts;
worse than the truth, my young buck,.befo1'e*Di
Blizzard and I get through with you;’’; c‘   3,
“I reckon he will,” interposed the~trai1r-.wrejoker
with an ugly look. . "I s’pose you don’t,remember
me, you little monke .” 5 L  3 c : ,. if
“I’ve seen you be ore,” replied Vance .coolly
-“I’ll bet you have. You saw me more’n"a-‘yea
ago up New York State; You iybutted into a -job
of mine and queered it. ’I ain't forgotten"yo1'1..
since. Nobody ever does me an injur “‘that~ ‘
don't et back at him some time for it: ‘elf,
time as come now for me to settlevnﬁiy scores
with you. I’m goin’ to give you a. receipt in in]
After you et it nothin’ in this world’ll!.trouhl
you much, '11 gamble on that. When ‘does-.i'_the“
night freight pass the’ bridge below “herein
Slivers?” asked the. train-wrecker. / i  
“About half-past four.” ‘ W 
“What time is it now?” , . _
“Nearly one." "_  -’ i L, 
“Take this chap by the‘ arm. ‘I’m ‘going togloc
him into one of the rooms upstairs till
him,” said Blizzard. “ C’ 3 I ‘. 2». '
With a stout rascal on either side of»him"Van-oe
felt that to make any resistance wouldrayaii 
Jittle, and might result in his getting prong?
handled, so he walked upstairs atw Blizzar _
order, and soon found himself a prisonerg,-in;
unfurnished square room at the back of the no ,
His captors took the precaution to tie«.hin1 toe
chair which'they introduced into the room hf
that purpose, and he was then left to his owngfr,
ﬂections, which were not the pleasantest__in.-At};

world at that moment, as the rea'der}ma_y
n

  

 

   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
    
   
   
   
  
    

«E5

 
     
  
   

Most persons under similar ' circuni V
would feel discouraged at the outlook,»fo1-;;Vanee‘
knew he could expect little consideration’ '
Blizzard, who was about as hard ascoun
walked on two feet. But, as» .we’1ze'r‘em,
several times before, Vinton ‘W_as-ea-;

t, and. it ’ uired,something,.outi.:oiE
Y toshake isnerve, ‘ = . ,,:x
 . v M  . of  to despair .and,‘1e¢,jtin'g

     

       
   
  
   
   

       

  
  

“;s*"take.','their course on '_the ground that he
. ,eo°gldn’t help himself, ‘Vance was no sooner alone
‘ ﬂfan he, beganto’ try and release himself from
_' - thechair. Vance was up against a hard propo-
’ §1ti0n when he set out to free himself from the
' ’ air, for Blizzard had tied him pretty carefully.
, our passed away before he made the slightest
e_adway.' Perseverance is certain to bring its
’_ward in the long run, and Vance got his in the
yielding, of the cords about his wrists._ At last
liﬁawas able towork one hand out of limbo, and
Zrihe other easily followed. Then by tug rig at the
ioosened strands he got his right arm ree._ That
 enough to insure success, for thrust_1ng_his
drand into-his pocket he got his jack-knife into
Ction, and the cords fel away from him in
eedy succession. '
‘_T1'i6.t ‘left him a free boy so far as phlslcal
otion wasconcerned. He had yet to escape from
the room, the (door of which he supposed _was
_k’e’d.i '*Vance.slippe.d off his shoes and glided
 toione of the windows. He found no diffi-
Tculty in raising the lower sash. Looking out he
iudged that it was a twenty-foot drop to the
ound; He wasn't afraid to attempt that, and
, [-was about to get out when he thought of his
T e of designs., He hated to leave the house
._ ,thout.-~Jtha,t, yet he did not see how he could
regain ossession of it as things stood. He won-
dei-_ed'_1P the door really was locked. He tip-toed
,er.‘to it and found that it was not, because
ere was no key to it. _ Suddenly.a daring plan
‘curred to the boy's mind by which he thought

5

  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
    
    
  
 
    
  
    
   
   
    
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
     
         
   
       
  
     
    
 

anding and opened a door on the opposite side.
This -was furnished with a double bed, chairs
‘and: other furniture. and was undoubtedly the
’s1eepi_n'g-room for one or two ofthe occupants of
‘house. " r

_ atpit was right above the apartment where
Cooke,‘ Blizzard and probably S_l1vers were. still
ﬁjoying themselves over the1r_1iquor. Seizing a
._§ly,i@;r,he raised it and then threw it on the ﬂoor,
‘siting a racket that was certain to attract at-

iyers, upstairs to investigate. V .
, ,T1;e,ope_n»window would suggest how their
 prisoner had left the house- Vance fig-
. __'edjthat the three men would then_rush outside
“to recapture him. That would give him the
rice, t‘o<sli downstairs and secure his case.
en‘".h,e_ "coud hide somewhere_ in the house;
,g;ﬂ“‘1;he;men returned fromtheir unsuccessfu
.§iu_rsuit.« » »
' The idea was clever but risky. It worked out
’ 7 he noise brought Blizzard
time Vance had retreated to
Blizzard uttered a roar of

 

=; all: right, however.
~2«1"s‘tairs; by whsgh
e_.‘r'oom' opposi e.
age when heopened the door of the vacant room

   

‘ ’mped.£rom the house through the open winrlow.
QT-u-Shegd to the window and looked out, then
43 bed downstairs, Confusion ensued in the
' low‘ ‘and then Vance heardall the men
" "Vance ran across into the Va-

      

  and listened at thewindoigz He
yard-,’Blizz,a1'd direct Silvers to 8'0 in We tlﬁecé
ti, _Gook’e, fin another. While he’, W91‘ “ 1‘:

  

 
    

  Abner am.

‘he might, recover his case. He slipped across the.

Then he returned to the empty room. He knew-

ftwcalrition, and no doubt would draw Blizzard and *

a;§¢.-;g¢uﬁd that his prisoner had apparently de-«

_ with chance,acqu_aizitanc.es. Cgookehad managed

21..

get the case,”‘.breathed' _
He ran downstairs and entered the room below. ‘Q:

There was the case still beside the chair that '

had been occupied by Cooke. To grab it and slip
out of the apartment was the work of a moment, i 

C “Now  my chance to
the ‘boy. ~

with Vance.

CHAPTER XVI.—-In Which Our Hero Achieves
Both Fame And Fortune.

Vance retreated to a vacant room on the undl -
floor and waited for the men to return. 1; was
some time before they did. They came back one
at a time, and Blizzard was in a particular! bad ,
humor. Cooke did not at once notice the 'sap--
pearance of the case of designs, but when he did
he raised a howl, “3

“Ho_w could he have taken it?” said Blizzard,
referring to Vance. “He made his escape through ‘.
the window above.” - "
. He must have come back while we were hunt- _
ing for him and‘ sneaked it away," answered . , -
Cooke. ,

“_If he did that he's got an all—ﬁred nerve," in- 1
teriected Slivers. “I’ll bet he wouldn’t have taken a , . '
the chances if he knew that we were oing to tie ‘ 7
him down on the track used by the nig t frei ht.” 

“Look here, Blizzard, how far is the no est
station from here?” asked Cooke.

“Ten miles west.”

“He’s certain ,to inquire his way there. We »
ought to go and hang aroundin the vicinity of " i ’
 ”’I‘hen when he comes along we could grab

im. «~ .

“He won’t get there till after daylight, and then
there’ll be too many people around for us to work ,
any game like that successfully,” replied the
trztnwrecker. _

“ ome ‘on. We must make another attem t
to catch him before he can find his wa to e
station. He's no doubt walking along t e tracks
westward by this time looking for the nearest ‘
station on the line. There's a block~house with = ;
an operator about a mile from here.. He'll in- .
quire there and will learn how far ahead the sta.- C  ‘

.tion is. We must chaseafter him as hard as we

can. There is a chance that we may overtake *
him before daylight if we lose no time,” said
Blizzard. 1 * .,

The recapture of the escaped prisonerbeing a
matter of paramount importance to the three -.
rascals, they set out in pursuit at once, quite un-" 7;}
conscious of the fact that the boy they wanted ' ‘
was in the house all the time, and had heard every ..
word they said.. Vance chuckled to himself as
he watchedthem start for the railroad. Q .  :

‘‘They’re going to walk the ties westward hop-V
fng‘ to catch me napping. W ell, I'll start ch’ in the
opposite direction and then I'll be safe from them. A
I) keep to the road and make inquiries at them
first house I come to,” he said to himself. ’ .

He waited a good quarter of an hour before _‘ 
setting out, then he retraced his steps in the dis
rection of the woods. Although he had lost his *

‘night’s rest. he felt quite chipper because he had

got his precious _case back. He had had a pretty’ f
strenuous ‘experiencesince leaving Philade phiiul
but he felt sure it would do him good, and males‘
him more cautious in‘ the future about taking up, ‘

 

  

 

 

 

 

'22  “ .l7‘AAB0Y‘WI'1lH’GRI'I'?”vi

to deceive him completely,,. but he felt satisﬁed
that the rascal wouldn't try the game on him the
second time. Vance took occasional rests along
the road during the next two hours, and then
dawn began to lighten up the eastern -sky. A turn
in [the road brought a good-sized vil age into
view a few miles away, and the people were up
and about by the time he reached it. He stopped
into the ﬁrst store he came toand inquired his

,wa_v to the nearest station in that direction. He

found it was at the town of Dundee, twelve miles
away. _
' “l’ll have to hire a rig to take me there,” he

i thought.

He went to the small hotel in the place and
registered for breakfast. Then he made arrange-
ments with the proprietor for a horse and buggy
to carry him to Dundee. He reached the railroad
town at ten o’clock. He went directly to the
station and told the agent about his night's ex—
periences.

“My suitcase is on the Pullman car ‘Minnelia-
ha.’ The train must be within a few hours run to
Chicago by this time. It is due there about three
this afternoon. A despatch ought to be sent to
the Pullman conductorptelling him to hand the
suitcase over to the baggage-master at Chicago
when he gets there, so I can reclaim it on my ar-
rival." _ V

The agent promised to have the despatch sent
in time to reach the conductor.

“Now where can I catch the morning Chicago
Limited from New York?” asked Vance. .

“Pittsburg is the best place,” said the agent.
“There will be an express for the West aloni this
way in an hour. It stops here. You can oard
it and leave it at Pittsburg for the Limited if
you want to. You can arrange with the Pullman
agent at Pittsburg for a berth to Chicago. He'll
probably issue you anew ticketin place of your
other one covering your berth in the ‘Minnehaha,’

as your case is sufficiently unusual to warrant

consideration.” V
Vance thanked the agent forhis courtesy, tele-
honed the town police about Blizzard, Cooke and
glivers, who, he said, might be ca tured in the
neighborhood of the house down t e road if no

I . time was lost, and caught the express for Pitts-

burg at 11 :30.

He reached Chicago in due time, recovered his
suitcase, and after a day’s rest in the Windy City
left for Springﬁeld. While at Chicago he wrote a
.full account of his stirring adventure on the road
to Mr. Appleby.

Vance also wrote an account of his experience
to Gertie, and he ﬁlled up a few extra pages with
something that was nearer his heart. In all the
girl received quite a bulky letter from him, as
well as several picture post-cards for her album.
On Vance’s arrival at Springﬁeld he went at once
to the Springﬁeld Furniture Manufacturing Com-

’— vpany and had his ﬁrst interview with the general

manager. The order he had to place was such an

7 important and expensive one that he received the
‘ greatest consideration from the manager. He
Lwas shown over the establishment, which occu-
gpiied a block of ground, and made a careful inves-

gation as to the capability of the house to turn

f   out the order in the high-class way he required it

 
 

  
  
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
   
    
  
 
  

 

9 ,4 , _‘-  7,’
Vance had fa second interview with the manage
before he ﬁnally decided to give the order to ti!‘
establishment He received -9. written 
that the work would be made exactly according, to
his designs and speciﬁcations. He found ‘that th,
Springﬁeld Company was apparently able, to turn:
out everything except the special upholstery  .
terial for the salon set. It was necessary to ha e’-
that manufactured at Lingerie, in France," whip
has a world-wide reputation for delicate and ex
pensive work of the kind. Vance, after starte,
mg the order, returned to New York to enter into
negotiations with the Frenclr house. The de
signs and speciﬁcations were forwarded to‘ ‘Lin-A
gene and the boy impatiently awaited a’ re 1 '
from the other side, It came in due‘ time. i
French establishment agreed to ﬁll the order to“
the letter, but the price was a heavy one. Befor "
giving the order Vance called on Mr. Ward and
told him that the salon set would cost him $1"
000 more than the original estimate if the up _~‘
holstery material was made according to his‘ ’ide_a. v.»
He received permission to go ahead, and the ~~...-
older was accordingly sent to Fr'ance.  = 
The furniture was ready for delivery two: "
months before the house was ready for*‘it. When;
it was ﬁnally received in New York, every, piece ‘
carefully packed in a special crate, Vance personél ‘V
ally attended to its delivery and ui,ipacking*at.the'»-
expensive dwelling on upper Fifth avenue." ".’..,‘,‘..‘ 1
When it was placed in the diiferent ro‘o‘i;ns.-
awaiting its reception Mr. Wardwas on ha’nd‘to‘
view it, and he admitted that itiwas all thativanee
had claimed for it. He invited 9. number‘o*f~re'-
porters and artists to inspect the house. and with 
wonderful furniture and imported gems of art, "“
and the printed accounts, illustrated with 'photo~
graphs, created a sensation among connoisseurs;
Many multi—millionaires, after seeingthe results .
of Vance’s genius, commissioned him ‘t'o”’desi'gin *'

ﬁe

 

gt.

 

   
   
  
 
 

   

  

 
 
 
 

furniture for them, though on a less expensive
plan. The result was that Vance found enough
work to set_up a studio in his special "line, wk 
still continuing his connection with Mr. Applebf
It was about this time that Cooke, Blizzard-‘ancﬁﬁ
Slivers were captured in St. Louis"a.nd,'7bro,ug11£
on to New York. The former was rose'c_ute§i'-by
Mr. Appleby. while Blizzard and" is  
were put through by the New York Central iRail ’
road C0mD8mY- The three were co_nvictedu,,oii-
¥_ance’s evidence and received longterrns .in«Si1;g”
mg. ‘ ‘“
Vance was on the highroad to both fam 
fortune, when he asked Banker Garnettan ,\ Mrs.
Garnett for the hand of their daughter, in
riage, and received a favorable rep y fronr;tli‘e'ni'
A few months later he and Ger e wereVm‘a'.r~
ried and spent their honeymoon _in urcpe. Whefh
they did not fail to visit Lingerie and insﬁectthe
establishment that had furnished the up olstery
for the salon set in the Ward mansion. ‘, Y ‘ "
Today Vance's name is a household word:
artistic furniture trade, and everybodf _
knows him refers to him as tlie youngsa eiiman
who made his mark. " ‘ . 

   
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
    
 
 
   

   

Next week's issue will contain’
BROKERS BOY; or; ‘STARTINGOU.
I-IIMSELF.", , ' ' ‘   

 
   

  
     

  

' ﬁr, The Diamonds that Came by Express.

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

. IQA Serial §tory.)

i  _'oi-iA1>r'i«:R XII.-(Continued)
wph'e.y,-eturned upstairs, still meeting no one.
‘Now the. ‘doctor proved himself an expert in
“m‘i§.,‘?0:1l,;?:.?g't.};,aIl:it)I:)? stiff wire, he bent one end
{if it 'in"la'peculiar way, and in a minute had un-
“raw >'°‘;? W;“."::.3: 5213-»
w c .
Tlgytgldged tlle door behind them, and stood in
p  ‘l'r'om whciich Karl Kutter’s belongings
”*“§T§,1;fe’if‘{;f§”;‘,Z.‘;fe£ in the chimney, all right,”
am =thé Agog,‘-",;~,. “It doesn’t look_as though it
‘ been,disturbed.. We may be right in it yet,
Sm“ . Here! You are taller than I am. Stand
‘3 ;§‘;y"b'ack and see what you can find}:
 obe'ved,’s'.nd it was with trembling hand
th’ by he ‘removed’ the paper from the chminey.
‘.  nothing here’)! he‘ sald, '35 he tllTl1St
. ':'1“3""l:iI." - n l - . '

.5 Nofhihgg Nothmg!_ tcriaedt the doctoi in a
« . ' - ' in in n . »— '
Iﬁi1.lft11‘Ii1§¢eln::'a(iirl1salI))1}i)1:)‘\vith no other result than
gang; ms’ hand a’ little blacker than it had. been
eﬁggﬁdmped down and the doctonbegan pacing
rqomin a great state of agitation.
ti; Wag Ia fool to delay,” he said.
,,‘V"eT. ”t in somehow. Why didn't I come last

'hti’nd take‘ my chances, police or no Police-"
gklhvidentlly Doctor Pajaro placed implicit conﬂ-
fiance in Will's story of the pictures in the light.

9 '  as'n0t 50 ‘With  himself, h0WeVer-
7%,“ been very doubt u! about it from the
»,,ma now he regarded it as all nonsense-
 '(j’(-{ha/;ﬂ i-i’ot;been for the fear ofarrest he would

a
5:“
5:.
%
G.-
8,
-5

“We will know

   
     
      
       
     
   

  
 
   
   
   
 

~, ' 11' way from the
 " I,°§§tygitfﬁxyéielrloldlbslngzaigng him in the
iaééchlertdidi not ‘know what to do.

1371' some ininutes the doctor continued 0 Pace
ﬁx’-ﬁ,*'§IV(’or;f:.sn3(pping',hlS fingers and mutt ring t0

.99 .- 1.’ '7 Wh ti t be done?”
 1:  be“'l1‘h§e(.liam0:(ls Swgre certainly
er-‘e,,»§lD;1stS. "Who co,’11(} have got them?
E,9.u1§".it-pvhave beenthat man with the scarred
ace..  ~' — ' ‘ - ‘ ' -

"  1'  t f the bulld-
‘;°s’,‘,".,f§f,’,‘,’ §3,ot°ti.ee£ea1l§.r$ 1:?" inquired

 
  
 

  

   

ﬁ§e;~§£‘w;,1.’1 1)"e.noftrouble in ﬁnding out what his
ﬁ.ls?o,i’§“'lsaid the doctor. “I'll take ou back to
‘jadgrs; There is only one way o ﬁnding out
  's:fguigk'and sure?” . ht,"

~t£More. pictures in the 118‘ — .

 I7doh"£_want wave énvthinz we
*‘ju;  business.” ’ ' g T  ' '

  

   

 
  
 

p_ .3  TWEEKTLY.
 THE WAGON BOY! l

_ §-!lIf,'the_ man has really rented the oﬁice T

  
 

_ doctor ﬁercely.‘ 
if you lmow when you are. 7.

. l
“You must,” said the
will stick to me, Will,
well oﬁ'.”
“It proved all humbug once. Want it be thq _.
same way again?" - ‘ 
_“Who says it proved all humbug? I say ill. ~ 
didn't. Somebody has been here since, and h : " 
I know, and yet, an

  
   
  
 
    
   
     
    
   
    
   
   
    
  
   
   
    
    

 

taken the diamo'nds.—
yet____n
“Well, and yet what ?” demanded Will. '  ;
“And yet it seems to me that the diamonds: I '
are still here in this room—at least, that that
"Great Ghorgee is. I wouldn’t answer for the.
res .” .
“There is so little chance in this room to hidap 
anything with all the furniture out of it; there is. -; I’
only that pile of rubbish over there.” 1 1 _ _.
The pile of rubbish was over by the window. _ 
Some one had swept up the place after Karl; 1
Kutter’_s belongings had been removed, and every-
thing in the way of waste paper and similar 
trash had been left there in a heap. ‘ 1 f:
Will walked over to it as he spoke, and began.
to ush it about with his foot. T ” . ,
octor Pajaro paid no attention to him. He- —’ ‘

‘ was still walking about with his hand pressed to

his forehead when all at once he was startled i - -;
out of his reverie by an exclamation from Will. , 
,“Why, doctor! ‘Look here!” ' r I,
A ﬁerce exclamation in his own language es-._  - 
caped Doctor Pajaro. . ' ‘
There stood Will over by the rubbish pile,’ hold-, - ‘ ‘
ing in his hands two glittering objects. Huge." ;
diamonds they loooked like, and yet if they had}. :
been either one of them would have been worth... ,
a fortune. « ' '
“Quick! Let me see! Where did you find them ??’i i V 
cried the doctor, springing to his side. , ,j  _’
“Here in the rubbish! They can’t be diaa-_ '~ - ‘
monds!” V - ‘_ __
“No, no! They are imitations of the crown: , 1:7"
jewels of Europe. This one is a copy of-the 1'a- . ,.
mous Kho-i-ﬂoor, of King Edward's crown; the 1 . '-
other of a noted Dutch diamond. Get your_wits' ' , —
together, Will! Don’t they look like the imitation f ’ 
stones you saw in the box when you were  "7.
in those pictures in the 1i;>;l1t?” -  ..
“They do——-they cer.*.ainly-do.” » “ 
“Then it is all plain enough. Whoever found;  j;
the package in the chmne r knew what they ’wera,‘2' 2 L
and threw them away ,or fear they would be ,
identiﬁed. Look! Search! We must go. through.‘ ’ ..
every bit of this ile of stuff. The Great Ghorgea 1  
may have been t rown away with the rest. It is  ~
here! .Search, Will! Search! I—I——I—0h, ‘I "
shall go mad" if I miss it now!” ‘ ’
The doctor was going on almost like a lunatic. ~
He dropped on his hands and knees andbeganu
to pull ‘over the pile, and Will, catching his ..en-,
thusiasm, went at it, too. 
“Here's one!” cried the doctor, “Glass!” "
“Here's another! It's blue!” exclaimed Will. _.
“Imitation of the big Hope diamond, about,‘
which there was such a fuss in the papers a. few:
earsback. We are on the right trac ! The thief-4:.
as not been fooled. He knew these thin s were[
bogus, and he was afraid they would be i cntiﬁotlr
if they were found on himfso he threw them .3
away.. Ten to one the Great Ghorgee went V. _
thlem.‘ We are bound to ﬁnd it-——wo must’ '
it " ’ v ’ "_ . . ' : " >

 

 

 
 
      
    
   
      
     
      
   

   
      

 
  

  

' 7 ins

  
  

24

“What's this?” demanded Will, suddenly hold-
up a big glittering object as large as a
p’ eons egg. “This is glass sure!”

. ith a" ﬁerce cry, _Dr. Pajaro snatched it from
Will’s hand, pressed it to his lips bowed his head,

‘ and began muttering unintelligibble words, as if

in rayer. _

‘Rs it the diamond? Tell me, doctor! Is it
the diamond?” cried Will, whose curiosity was
not to be restrained. 

Doctor Pajaro sprang to his fee. _

“It is!” he cried. “You have found it! For thou-

’ ~ sands of years it was the eye of theidol in the

'temple of the Ghorgee the shrine of the people
over which my forefathers reigned. Will, your
fortune is- made. When my people come to know
that through you this gem has been returned to
;its proper place, they. will Worship you as a god.
lCome, our work here is done.  us go.

A step was heard on the stairs as they ap-
; roached the door. There were other steps fol-
Tlhwin .' Doctor Pajaro turned pale.

“ Eat does it mean?” he gasped. “Can the
detectives be on our track?’ _ _ .

Hastily thrusting his hand inside his vest, he

9

I concealed the diamond.

The sound of the footsteps had now ceased.

For a. few moments they stood breathlessly
listening. _

It was probably some one 01111;‘ to one of the
rooms on the ﬂoor below," w ispered Will-

‘‘And yet it sounded as if it was on this ﬂoor.

“I know it. Shall we _go'!" .

“We must. We can’t Jump out of the Window,
and we can't stay here.".

The doctor advanced toward the door,‘ and
:'threw it open, falling back with 9. ﬁerce exclama-
Ttlon as he did so.

. . There, facing them, stood the tall man with

' ;the slouch hat whom they had dodged in Elizabeth
tthe night before.

"‘Ah, there! Good morning!” he said, with a
‘smile. “Doctor Pajaro, I believe?”

 

CHAPTER XIII.—Detective Keene.
In comparison with either Doctor Pajaro or

I twill the manwho ﬁlled the doorway was a giant.

His face bore every indication of strong char-
acter and a determined w1.11- _

“Well? Did you ﬁnd anything?” he asked.
“How have you made out?”

Doctor Pajaro pulled himself together on the

7 -. :inst-ant.

Will was small, but he was smaller, and the
mian in the doorway was as big as both put to-
=,.gether. *

’ He saw that any attempt to escape would be
{the merest nonsense. Diplomacy alone could get
lthem out of this latest ﬁx. _ «

' “My name is Pajaro, yes,” he said. “I have

- /I. t the leasure of your acquaintance, sir. I don't
.5? A ow W at you mean.” _ ”_
,1’. “You have seen me before, all right, doctor,

 
 
 

éﬁplied the man. "You were looking at me _retty

rd last night when you gave me the s lp on

Wersey avenue overain Elizabeth. That was a‘

or piece of business. It didn't trouble me

    

FAME AND{FOltTUl\IE WEEKLY .   7 

    

' I uch though for I felt pretty sure you would
 In 1 {my '\VB.}”ﬂﬂa5.ll, andso it has proved.” ‘ I

    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
    
 
 
   
   
  
   

“Indeed!” replied the doctor. “I hoped; you,»/«
were going to introduce yourself; if you,‘ don't
care to, (perhaps you will "be good_ enough to-.
stand asi e and let us pass.” , ~  "

“No,” replied the man. “I can’t do that, for‘
my business with you is of the highest ' “
ance. I’1l introduce myself, though. I am’ De
tective Keene, of the Rooney & Nolan Agency.;
I've been shadowing you these two weeks,” 1

“For what?" "'\ I ‘ W 

“Doctor, you are not my kind, and I don't. ‘ro-’
fess to know your kind very well, but I‘ ’ a‘
you to be a man of sense, or you could not hold Y
the position in medical circles which I amltold
you do hold. Before we go any further ln,ﬂ1i‘§§
business let me put a proposition to you; “On,
the ﬂoor below is an officer awaiting my 
and prepared to arrest both of‘ you fellows it I
give the word.” . U y  _ Vs : -

:‘%)Vn {haf£§;roundf:1?”_ h . _ ~  _.

‘ ai . me ms puingm ro sion.
Which would you rather do——go quietly §w.ith:;me
to my house and talk matters over and see if we
can’t come to an understanding, or have me  -
you and this boy over to the police to be dealt  .
with by the strong arm of the law?"_-‘- '  I .

“And that’s your proposition?” \ " ":

“Yes.” ,   

“Let me fully understand you. Is this a  I’
tion of graft?’ _  

“That’s putting it in a rather disagreeahle way
I will admit, however, that I am‘ iiotin 
tective business for my health." / ' ‘ ‘ I 

“Of what are we to be charged ifyou turn’ L
us over to the police ” ' v " _

“It might be murder." . 1 ~ ' 

The doctor looked at him long‘and.earn_estly”

Detective Keene returned his intense gaze vvith
a sarcastic smile. V p ’  ‘ 

“You can't do it,” he said. “It is no use for{
you to try to hypnotize me. That has been tried.
on me. It never works, my friend." ~ I .:f.* ' '

“Yes, yes! You mistake,” replied the doctor
earnestly. “I was only thinking. ‘If I. agrep.~
to your proposition, how do wego?” , V  V  .

“There is 8. cab at the door.” ' ’ . - v , W

“Where is your house?” i  

“Uptown on the West Side. What does it ‘new.
ter where it is?" _ ~ * , I w  

“Why _not explain more fully your intention
Your policeman seems to.be waitin very patient
ly. Why not let him wait a litte longer, and
tell me what you are driving at, my friend.’."  

“No," said the detective. .‘‘We don’t talkhere
It is either with me or the Police that you:-hav
to ‘deal. Doctor Pajaro, it is for you to‘ choose
and your choice must be made at once, or.I3‘giv‘
the whistle. That done, the onlydealings you"
I will ever have will be through the _law—."’ 

Doctor Pajaro turned to Will. That he was»
dreadfully agitated was easly seen. ‘ . " ‘

“What do you say?”’he asked. , 

“You must decide,” replied Will, who’- was
pretty badly frightened himself. a . " I 

“'ljhe boy is not in it," said the de 
hastily. “Come, doctor! It’s up to you." M

An immense sense of relief came to Will.; I

If he was not-in it then it was not mm
detective was after, but the doctor 'him8elf.~*Wh
could it mean? i .- ‘

(To be continued)  --

~"~i.: . '

, .

 

 
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
     

   
     

  
 
  

  
   
    
   
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  

 ’ .REWARDS iaov WITH GIFT or
FORD _ WATCH .

-. R0ckefe11e,« gives away shiny new dimes, but
lord givesaway nickel-plated watches.

Robert Duxbury,,six~5;ear-(£1111 pupildin the De-
‘ " ' 1-,}; D ," rou owner 0-
mn School for nicekel-eglatgl wﬁtgh and chain, a
. d. ‘

r ' e tach d to Robe is because of the
"§;§l2nbc§%:ir§§r:tin aedemonstralltigon dance given
by his school at the Ford Dea_rb0_rn Plan?-
SRobert will neveij hear the ticking of his watch,
this treasured s'1ft_15 beY°nd Purchasing POW"
f_ millionaires orf lilngsv

, NOVEL’ LANDING LI_GHT_S ‘

Glass—covered parallel trenches in which ‘ neon”

ht tubes are installed have been dug across the
P1

'3’
'1

‘ E en found, penetrates the " mist
10,25 ’e}%Zcg3':1ybihan other kinds of light. Be-
-iiiieenrthe tubes is a ‘‘leader vable” which _af-
ects-'a sensitive instrument in an airplaneﬂ ing
above it. Having been guided to the ﬁel by
radio the piiot, after picking up the boundaries
 ﬁfe area, by means of the cable, can circle
‘around gauging lbs altitude by means of the ac-
A on of the cable on the instrument until the
ghts themselves are visible and the landing can
be inadewith little or no risk of accident-

  USE FOR PREDATORY FISH

Certain ‘ﬁshes in the sea destroy large number
Ifffmd ﬁshes and besides, consume much of the
 that the food ﬁshes depend “P011 501.‘ life-
These destructive ﬁshes. according ‘>0 the ‘$530’
ated ﬁshery interests. am sharks Of 3“ kmd 5-:
whiﬂes, dolphin, and many others of the P1‘e,a‘
m1.3,..t,.ibes_. ‘Reference is, made to the m0I‘talI1lé}7
,,_m0‘ng.x; enhaden because of‘the ruthless attaic he
made upon them by the larger and stronger s .

Ilst.‘ t’ if large quantities of menhaden.
VI!if':li:nufbters‘of the _Atlantic and Gulf_from
Xaineltoi Texas,” according to the ﬁshing integ-
ests/...t,},e quantity of menhaden taken‘ agcgregaﬁ
‘ore-than 55 per cent. of the total quanti Y od_a
ii taken’ along the coasts. The average an ing
of this species is about 50' cents per 100
‘ Very few menhaden are used asgczog
 man‘; practjqfjlly the entire yield is conve e
Z3§1r§egr§1§§i§é of these ﬁsh after manu¢
tfércturev is increased to about 85 cents PeIt'e1,0({
‘hounds, based on the quantity 0f raw d’“a1_"“%t
ljad the value of the manufactured pro uc

‘thine.

ﬂ
:4
‘__/.5.

k.'t_he-great quantities of fish available in the ’

"ter,e.»ancl the comparative time ease of capture
may makes the industry proﬁtable. By using the

mdu¢ts- of the food-ﬁsh industry, establishing .

2.. for predacious ﬁshes and utilizing these
ﬁaylsfor oils, meat and fertilizer, there. is
doubt that the industry could supply ﬁn-
jxiaterials in as large or even larger quan-
ghggi-gt present, andof at least an equal

  

it ' ’    i 5  iiNii¥FdiiTUNE' 
i coon READING

 ~. an", [it is pointed out, is. also responsible for-the .

 .1» am that shark-liver ‘oil in,

   
   

Loy

 

used medicinally to a limited extent in some coun- ;

tries and that:

“Undoubtedly the therapeutic value lies in the V

fat-soluble vitamin content. If it were carefully

prepared from fresh livers at a low temperature ’

in vacuo, it might be used to make a satisfactory
substitute for cod liver oil, Researches should be
carried out to show which species of sharks have
livers _of particularl high Vitamin A content.
Fisheries for shar s, dog-ﬁsh, skates, rays,
whales, porpoises and many other marine ani-
mals would be most helpful in ridding the seas of

these destructive agencies and furnish materials v

of great industrial value.”
\ _..._.._____..

A MYSTERIOUS FRIEND

Bacteriophage, that mysterious principle or or-

gamsm,_ as yet unseen by any scientist though
used daily by many, has been discovered in a new

role as devourer of the deadliest of bacteria, says _

Science Mai zine, by Dr. Paul F. Clark and Alice
Shiedt Clar , of the University of Wisconsin, and
Dr. L. O. Dutton, of the Methodist Hospital,
Memphis, Tenn. ‘
The most dan rous‘ of the disease-causing or-
ganisms which t e three researchers have discov-
ered to be _a part of the bill of fare of the bac-
teriophage is known as the hemolytic streptococ-
cus, or blood-dissolving‘ chaimgerm, because of its
fatal action in the blood, causing one of the worst
types _of blood poisoning. It is also the causal
organism of scarlet fever, and of one of the dead-
liest types of neumonia. . _ .
_Cultures 0 this organism in test tubes grow
vigorously and make the ﬂuid cloudy, but the in-
troduction of a little material containin -the bac-
teriophage soon makes it clear again, ue to the
death and disintegration of the diesase germs. In
Doctor Dutton’s experiments, this clearingmp of
the cultures took place in as short a time as
thirty-six hours.
Bacteriophage, which literally translated means

' “bacterium eater," is a puzzling somethin discov-
8'

ered by the researches of F. W. Twort, a British
scientist, and F. d’H.erelle, a French Canadian.
Bacteriologists are very much at odds over it,
some claiming that it is a living organism, or at
least a living substance, and others maintaining
that though it does some things that living beings
do it does not have all the attributes of life.

If it has an organized body at all it must bc\’

exceedingly minute, for it has never been seen
even with the ultra-miscroscope, and it can pass
through the pores of a ﬁne porcelain ﬁlter. More-
over, it is not killed by high temperatures that

are fatal to all other known organisms. Yet when 

even a little of the ﬂuid containing it is added to
a culture of bacteria, the latter are soon dead, no
matter how numerous they are nor how little
there was of the bacteriophage to begin with.

It is this apparent power to multiply itself that .
sets the bacteriophage apart from even the most ~

complex of lifeless chemicals, for lifeless things

do not have the power of self-propagation; Much ‘ " ‘

research on this puzzling stuff is now in progress,

from which far-ieaching effects in medicine and

sanitation may result.

 

CO

  
 

     TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

 

  

 
   

  

‘ Fame and‘ Fortune Weekly
‘NEW YORK, JULY 2, 1926.

Single Co ies...................Ponta¢ell‘i'ee Scent:
One Copy ‘hi-ee Months  “ " 1.00

. One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . .. " " 2.
Due Copy one Year . . . . . . . . . . .. " " 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00.

now To SEND MON1«iY¢—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
Stamps the same as cash. When sending‘ silver wrap
the Coin in u sayarate piece 01! paper to avoid cutting
‘ theeuvelope. rlte your name and address plainly.

Address letters to

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.

166 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C.

-.'r11'an KNIGHT. Pros. and Treats.
.3. W. MABR, Vice-Pres. and Boo. 1

ITEMS OF INTEREST

DIES AT AGE OF 117

Henry Lorenz, 117 years old, a farmer of Pleas-
aantdale, northern Saskatchewan, died recently.
According to family records, he was born in Aus-
tria May 9, 1805. Up to a year ago Lorenz was
.9. heavy smoker, but the increased price of the
Weed caused him to stop.

A SILVER MAP

A silver map of the world, exhibited at the
, Royal Geographical Society, England, is said to
A }be the best of four such maps in existence. It is
:11 thin circular plate of silver about three inches
.,in diameter and commemorates Drake’s voyage

‘around the world. i

HUGE AERIAL MASTS _
‘ So huge are the masts supporting the,aerials
'. of the new superpower radio station at Rugby,
England, that there is an electrical elevator, hav-

masts are 820 feet high, which is half again as
. high as the Washington Monument. There are
twelve of these masts carrying three miles of
aerial. *

’ _‘ EUROPEAN DEBT

. The European debt to the United States
amounts to $11,000,000,000. There are people
there, like the Greenbackers in _our country, who
will object to paying the_debt in gold when the
United States has two-thirds of the gold in the
world. It is not expected that any great portion
of theodebt will be paid in gold, but in.good‘s and
in securities, if it is paid at all. ,

SMALL ENGINES ARE COMING
Smaller engines, normally strong enough to run

: 9. motor car only on a 1eve1,~but reinforced by a
‘supercharger powerful enough to take it up the
steepest hill, will soon be used generaly on auto-
mobile, according to G. R. Short of General, Mo-

. tors. Such engines, he says in Popular Science
‘ Monthly, have been used successfullyon airplanes
"and racing automobiles, and should be practicable
min reducing the production cost of trucks and
 ‘pleasure cars. , . ‘

A  S hint: 

l the charge, but was ordered to. bring his mother

ing a capacity of three persons in each mast. The ‘

, have to hustlel”;

   

  
   
   
   

v r

flu? 

BII HIM. SAYS POL'ICEMAN .7 
Because, it is alleged, she_bit,Lieutenan'tHerl—
man Boeze of the Nyack Police Dpartmentv Qn.tlie,.
w"ist, Mrs. A. P. Moritz, wife of a“reali:e‘st'ate'
operator of Montclair, N. .J.,_ has been ‘held,~fo1'.’
the Rlockland County Grand Juruy on a'char.ge- of’
assau 1.. * . . i .
Mrs. Moritz, with her son. Walter, 21 ‘years old, i ;
and her daughter, Florence, 20, was riding
through Nyack in her automobile the oth'er»night
and was arrested and charged withspeeding‘ {At
police headquarters the son went in to.answ.e’"r to

 

  
  
      
    
    
     
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
      
   
  
  
   
    
        
       
    
      
    
    
    
      
      
         
    
     
 
   
   
  

to court also. Lieutenant Boeze Wentout to get
Mrs. Moritz. He charges that she grabbed him
by the arm and dragged him, into the tonneau ]

bit him on the wrist. After furnishing bailshe 
alncl her family were permitted to go on to'DlIo1it-
c air. , , ».

r.

 

LAUGHS ;

Silliwon—-Do you believe in longiengagementsf ,
Cynicum—-Of course. The longer a man is ' A
gaged, the less time he has to be married. V “' '

 

“What's a cowboy?” asked Fangle’s seven;-tyne ‘V g
old boy. “I know,’ replied ﬁve-year-old Fr-ed%
before Fangle could answer; “it’s a. bull.”  ,. 5,.

Nell——A girl sh w a ma'n“"tiii‘i.$ha
knows all about him. Belle——Good gracious! If
shehlgnew all about him she wouldn’t want. to ma
ry im. ‘ ~ "

 

Little Freddie (afterlisteningito parental quai-
rel)——-Mamina, if a little boy is very, very 
does he have to get married when he is ‘grown up?‘

Messenger—-Who’s the swell ye was tal_7l:in"gg.to
Jimmie? Newsboy--Aw! Him an‘ me’s, work‘ 
together for years. He's the editor o’roi1e o"'my ‘
papers. . ~_ ,  A

Mistress—I don't want you to *liave',so'="-much
company. You have more callers in a,day,thgxi’
have in a week. ‘ Domestic—-Well‘, mung, erhags"
if you'd try to be a little more agreeablg youﬂ
have as many friends as I have. t H _ f " ‘

  
  

Broad-—By the way, old man, do you remember
borrowing $10 from me six months ago?’ She"
Yes. Broad—;-And you said you 0 _y wantedli
for a short time. Short-—And I told ‘the’ 'truth.,
I didn't keep it twenty minutes. ‘ V.

  

 

‘ “Do you ever wish_ you were_ a girl?”.vask_ed 
visitor who was waiting in ‘the, reception. ;i‘o'oi1':
"Only at Qhristmas time,” answered the/boy,-‘w
was lingering in the doorway. “Why doyou wish
it, then?” “Because of the stockings theyweu”
was the prompt reply. . r~ _. 

  

 
  

  
   

 

If she would plight her troth,_ he.said,‘}ho’ 
go forth and battle with the cruel-‘worldy 
m. .

when his fortune was made'he‘wou.lclwjco
lay it at her feet. He would liustIe—~oh, A
would hustle, if—if she would but wait!’ I
would not. “B-—but, Charley,” she‘ said _
1y, "1 will marry you n_o,vv——.ancirﬂ.1e,>;: you i

  
     
 

  

   
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  

 

By Col. Ralph Fenton

' in

'1i1l,‘ey-»e‘_séie1yied’to beta more than ordinary bustle
 excitement uD0_n 01.18.01‘ the Whaffs °f 33"
. ’miSco one morn1ng‘1n the year’ 1850.
ince, daybreak the ‘ Blue Peter’ had been ﬂy-
ng: from-the mast of the steamer Golden_Star,
m3i1>',g,_»t0 panama, and already the engineers
had’ begun to raise the steam-
Igphis in itself was not so unusual. ail1~o{:]cu1£en::ie
to cause so much interest among t e ys an -
!‘.s, but the fact vugastthat, in spite of the precau-
*_‘t,‘};)£s 35:17 hliir? million dollars’ value of gold
" ‘ tfh ¢a1‘:‘Z°- ’ ..
 e())<ci't;1i1ent caused by the discovery of
‘ ifinthe State had not yet subsided; emigrants
rerpeuifing in from all quarters, but few-had
be unto return, and at ten o’clock, which was
jhﬁn. ﬁxed my the steamer to sail, the total
' "’ ‘ amounted to two.
A d gentlemazil named Ashtorilz
:  ' ht . H'- dang terwas a mos
i'al:1i$_zl)§iSrldgil1 gioteiboreléthan eighteen. Just as
 gmgways were being. hauled in, and the haw-
" ' a ybung‘ man broke through the
fowd,’ and making his way to where the captain
a3fS¢;3.,3ding, asked If he}: would allow him to
.},§S;.pasSage I“; the Ist mus. , . th
fresher specimen of a broth of a 120? frprc e
4}, ggdfwis seldom seen. The captain willingly
. med his 1-eguest at once; He was Vera‘ shrug;
mded, and as he cast his eyes upon e n
prising his crewa shade of anxiety came 0P0
.f~face,'¥With the exception of the officers the)’
‘é1ie7all' green hands, and a more villa1nous—look-
_ ':5§t_;i_t would be hard to find. ' ‘
, hé».._y0'ung Irishman. who gave his name" as
" ‘ Mahoney,. was placed as assistant to the
00k” and in an hour or two the captain had Prob-
 ‘ ‘’ rgogten his very existence. _
x» more than four days’ after_.’D.3-SS1Y%8’ lthe
lden Gate no sign of any mutmous ee mg
 be seen among the crew, and the officers be-
ﬁ-,to,hg’pe their'fea.rs had been without founda-
5‘For some time» Mike Mahoney had been try-
O gét-;~:a chance to say a word in private to the
afar hot this it seemed impossible to do. _
kt‘-last he plucked up courage, and advancing to
‘“e;,t’he,captain stood
J  and pulled» the foreloc

 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   

  

 
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
   
     
  
      
     
  
   

of his hair re-

 

.,Y _ . 9:)
W,-me, spake w1d_ ye for a. minute or two .‘ .
5‘1i;‘s_3;y away]? the captain answered. “W hat

  ' f ‘ tance that I wish to

. ,;,:§.*i§;f§_li‘“r§h§ ca1gl;Ia).(i)I1i started backgin utter

‘seat the sudden difference "‘ -the ‘°?“? ﬁrm:
= the. speaker. He could see in an instan

- théiearnest look upon the Ymmg man's face
~.  ' ‘ ‘d1 one.

 ‘qyeilcgvbaii  haﬁ an hour,” he said.

 

     
  

%
s

3"-'found”the captain seated‘ at the table

    

    
 

 

flz‘-ishman’s communication, but ‘hardly chad, tired’. i’

it, a, rumor had“ got aboard .

‘cabin had told her that her. father had also been

on deckii made a shame- ’

"'1  " ‘ ”  “, d ebeafter .
e plase’ 5”’ ' he Sal ’ Wu y ’ sition of the‘ cabins where they were conﬁned, .. 

,‘  ‘mg appointedf Mike presented

e.eean:é:r.o£ wine ._before.him.v .I:_le g-was evij *

   

   

dentlyﬂclurious to learn" thenaturevof the young V

door been closed upon his entrance than ,it was ” ' ‘
again thrown open, ‘and the first and second mate,
accompanied by a half a dozen -or more of the
crew, rushed into the cabin.

Before Mike could utter a. word one of the sail-_.
ors had seized him by the throat, while the twoofl-,
ﬁcers caug-hthis arms sothat to move? was im-'
possible. The next instant, however, two heavy‘

» blows from behind felled the twooﬂicers senseless

to the ﬂoor, and the captain also found his arms
pinioned to his side.

“What is the meaning of this'!”'he gasped.

“It means,” one of the men answered with 8
hoarse laugh, “that the ship is ours, and you are
all our prisoners.” .

While he was speaking himself and his'compan-
ions had been busy lashing the _captain’s hands‘
and feet ﬁrmly together as well as those of the
young Irishman and the two officers, who were be-
ginning to slowly recover from the effects of the
blow dealt them. There was need for no explana-
tion now that the steamer and the treasure were
in the hands of the mutineers. V _» V .

- With one of the mutineers holding a loaded rev
volver on either side of them, the engineers’ were
forced to keep the engines working, while the ves- .
_sel’s course was changed in the direction of the.
islands of the Paciﬁc. The prisoners were at once
conﬁned in separate cabins, and those of the_mu--
tineers who were not on duty assembled in the
main cabin tocarouse over the success of their
nefarious scheme.

The stateroom allotted to Miss Ashton opened

c from the main cabin in which the debauch was

taking place, and every word they uttered’ could
be distinctlyoverheard by the young girl. i '
“The- girl is “mine,” she heard one of the ru:ﬁi- -
ans say. “I am willing to give up my share of the
swag, but the girl ,I will have.’ ,
"‘The deuce you say!” struck in another; “the

[girl is just as much public proprerty as the rest

of the cargo, and we'll have to throw for the
chance to court her first.”

The proposition seemed to be received more fav- ‘
orably, and she could hear the rattle of the dice.
mingling with the clink of the glasses, and the
foul oaths that were proceeding from theirlips.

As she listened. a determination came over her‘ ~
to die by her ownact, if needs be, ‘before the ‘
hand of one of the miscreants should touch her. _,« ‘k

The conversation of the wretches in the outer l

madela prisoner. and that his'1ife, like the,rest,_"

hadbeen spared for the present, in view of a

'st0rn,1 or other emergency arising, when their help

would be required to assist in working the vessel. _
From theirﬁwords she’ could gatherthe exact po-. ,

 

and the thought ﬂashed through her mind that if ' \ 
she were once at liberty she could also set them ' ,--"
free. Looking all around, such an idea seemed
worse than hopeless; as the only window in‘ the“
cabin was‘ hardly wide enough to admit of a c‘s'.t~ :. «
passing through. I ‘ ' , <- ~ =
Suddenly the remembrance came to her mind 

‘that a large bowie-knife her father had been used 1 

to carry in the rough state of life }in_ themines j‘ .
had been placed in.a' small satchelwhich stood  ~‘ '
the corner, ‘oﬁgthe c_ab1n_.‘ Itwasconly is‘ lucky a
chance but at thee‘-tune it seemed blilr 

 

  

 

  

 

  litnucldledl b ,
‘tvere unabe to 0 er any resistance, and went -
ﬂown before the deadly aim of the three oﬂicers.

 
  
 

 

 

little less than a special interposition of Provi-
dence in her behalf. ’ »

By this time it was beginning to grow dark. "

This was another fact ‘in her favor, and seizing
the large, keen-edged ablde, with the ener of
desperation she began to hack at the W0 work
surrounding the small sash. Every moment in an‘
agony of terror she expected that the rufﬁans in
the outer cabin would open the door and surprise
her in the act.

At last, however. she had enlarged the aperture
enough to squeeze her body through, and with an
earnest feeling of gratitude she at last stood u on
the deck, with the cool night wind fanning er

Viirow. With an unworded prayer throbbing from

er heart, she crept along-the shadow to the cab-
s where the prisoners were conﬁned.

. Without being discovered, she reached the door,
‘but then a circumstance not thought of before
ﬂashed through her mind, causing a feeling of ut-
ter despair. The doors were locked and she had no
key to open them.

She stood for an instant or two overwhelmed by
-this unexpected frustration of her plan, and then,

‘ with a feeling of desperation she turned and en-

tered the captain's cabin. the door of ' which stood
ajar. Her good angel must have been guidin her

ctions, for it was empty, while on the table ay a
gunch of keys.

Seizing them, she again made her way to the
cabin where the prisoners were conﬁned, and in
an instant the lock of the first was turned, and
the door swung‘ open on its hinges. It chanced to
be that of the young Irishman, and in another
second or two the ropes securing him were cut,
and he stood at liberty. _

A rapid motion of his hand and a pair of false
gums, fastened in his mouth were taken out,
changing the whole expression of his face in a
moment. Never was metamorphosis more com-

: plete. The Hibernian’s expression had vanished,

-and the girl, with a little gasping cry of mingled
joy and incredulity, exclaimed:

“Am I dreaming? Charles!”

"Yes, my darling," he answered hurriedly,

‘ “your own Charles, who loves you better than his

life.” _
, There was, however, but little time for explana-
tions or tender speeches, and without any loss of

' time the remaining cabins were opened and the in-

mates set at liberty. Leaving the heroic girl,

’ whom the reaction of the agitation she had under-

gone was -beginning to overpower, in the captain's

. ’ cabin, the four released captives and the ex-Irish
. boy crept away in the darkness toward the engine-

room.

Crawling stealthily upon the mutineers on
gnzn-d, they sprang upon them, and before their
amazement would permit them to utter a word
their weapons were wrested from them and they
were made prisoners. Then, with the captured re-
volvers in their hands, they madetheir way to

 .'the doors of the cabin in which the remaining

‘ruﬂians were still deep in their debauch, and,
{standing on the threshold with the weapons level-

,‘ Dd, barred all means of egress.

' The mutineers, taken wholly» by surprise, and
the li uor they had been drinking,

d their two companions like sheep‘ in the sham-
 0ut<o£.'the_ fourteen or ﬁfteen: in the saloon.

\\

; ,

         

   
 

when the’ fight commenced, but live remained to» ' 
placedln irons when it was ended. ‘j 5.»: “- ' j ,3‘ " '
The steamer was again headéd“on .itsf0'‘1‘iE§tiVl5t\’li~-‘ ..
course, and the following morning .a‘ steamer?‘ -,
bound for San Francisco came. in sight‘ ’f‘roxﬁ~
which e_nou h men were procured’-to work t eves,-.. A: j
sel to its estination. which it reached .in.!-115,53, ,4
than a week afterward. « j . _  "  4. 3:
As for the so-called Mike Mahoney, his real.’ "
name was Charles Harper, and he had loved Miss: 
Ashton Since, she was a child. Her father had not ’ '
approved of the match,_.however, and the young '
man had startedfor California to try in that land: *
0f 1':°1'tlm_eS '00 gain one that would enable him to >
1li’33ei°5r“?iii‘ ‘E3-xtii $332?‘ »°f "‘""-”“."“"ii""- F" “*5. ‘
Having learned that sh d h f thi . ‘
to return home in the Golteieﬁinstazeﬁarfdr  o
the character of the crew, he had assuined...the'i A
character of an Irishman. the better. to’mix.7With~ '
them unsuspected, and frustrate theirpdesiginsy 
All is well that ends well, however; andfin-,New
York papers of some months laterfwag; s'een-*¢;hg
notice of zrmarriage, in which a. Miss"-Ashtonxan
Cgiarles Harper were the partiesychieﬂy ,in1;eregy,..
e _ \ ,  -   ..

  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
  
  
    
      
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
 

 

PSYCHOLOGISTS' TRICK MAcHiNEs-sneer. -
MEN’S,PECULIAR ABILITIES  ~ "‘
Midwestern psychclo ists from a do’zen7" '" T‘
sities gathered at Nogthwestern. Unixr;é’rsi1t’§~“§
cently and discussed everything —from*the mystery
of sleep to the mental qualiﬁcations that~._aem;
mine a good baseball catcher. They arevgettiiig
away from historic conceptions, undertaktlrig wrhgei
President Walter Dill Scott refers to aelthe 
tion of a new epoch in America, the »g1;.u'ay—‘(,f
individual differences. " ' V ‘ “‘ »=”>=_,‘
There was Prof. \Max Meyer of »th‘e.Univer 
of Missouri, who has invented a machine“fo:;.. ‘
in industrial intelligence tests, which.he‘;tlii‘n'k
solves the %roblem,of selecting taxicabﬂdgrivégg,
aviators or aseball players with equa1’,certi§_i"m;’
It consists of a pump and a divinggbell.
problem is to keep the bell from.Treaching' 
orlsurface, using both hands and ‘obeying 
na . , . . p ..
There are linguistic tests forystudents, -
which estimate musical talent’ in ,two.'hours~-and
save many years of hopeless practicing, and 
questions supposed to measure "genera\].7inte11§g‘en-lb‘
or alertness. ' _  ‘   j " ’
The peculiar abilit of Red Gran he-awest-
plained by Prof; Griﬂith through "t, e.’»‘p1ay
mental quickness in seeing not onlygholes, ,_
line that were obvious, but those about ;.to 10 ,
The theory of preparing any. man ;:Eor-zany" rib‘
is held wrong; Selection and education, 'seme 
it 1-e-education ,. or reconditioning, mustib 3*
method of the new age. , , 
_Prof. H. M. Johnson of the Mellon‘Ins.titui§e
Pittsburgh, told of his experiments in.s‘iee“%;’“"
“The average rest during sleep,"jh'e,:"sa '

so ‘
solute. The remainder of theitimenthe ‘song
muscular or mental action. When a. pets, jcl
there is no muscular rest. .0n1y.'.three ‘_
out of the 10,000‘ examined;'could;.._1ie. ’
still for-two hours at_ag"tixna.’!j T

   

   
  

   
  
  
      
     
   

     

 
   
     
 

 
 
 
 

eleven and one-half minutes, when 2‘ep‘_o

   
  

   

   
   

.  1
er,

     

   

V. .  juiroMAric MATHEMATICS

an instrument resembling a watch has been
nvented, in Hungary by the aid of which it is
ossible instantly to compute the interest at any

'01’ time.

, ' PONY ELUDES BOATS IN BAY
‘1 After ferryboats, police launches, Coast Guard

‘ cutters; tugs and rowboats had fi-uitlessly pur-
 sued Kusar, apolo pony,‘ who plunged off a feri'y~
boat at Governor's Island. N. Y., for three—quar-
ters of an hour. the pony decided to save ‘himself
and swam ashore oif Fort Jay. ,

     
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
    
  

 EAGLE CAPTURED AT SEA
gblaclg and white eagle was brought to this
_‘rt' recently bythe steamer Suianierco, which
rriyed from Porto Rico. The bird, after follow-
.» thevessel ﬁfty miles, dropped exhausted on
tbijidge deck and was captured.

hegeagle, which has a ﬁve—foot wing spread,
" bé_pre'sented to the Franklin Park Zoo.

C  iv3FuEL BBisH -

royving»it away, according to estimates made
recently bygan English engineer. His plan is to
‘remove the tin cans. crush the refuse into powder,
andthen press it into little bricks which can be
,-treated’ with tar‘ oil or. coal to aid ignition. He
es‘timates*"the cost at $1.80 per ton, while the
 ‘sent disposal cost is $1.75 a ton.

 J  SAND-FILLED MARBLE

‘ "lar e pocket of sand was discovered recently,
gso_id:_b1o‘ck~.o£,marbIe at Middlebury-, _Vt.
ml is unlike any found in that vicinity. It
beach sand.’ Geologists who have looked
y .t,hat”the marble was,-formed under water
.0-bnbly thesanci was caught in the centre
.‘fQi‘niati0n,. , .. - ' '

 
     
   
   
  
   
   
   

iii the A _,
_ BIGGESPI.‘ ,W'INE ‘BARREL

, ‘famous Heidelberxr wine barrel, once the
,"st of its kind in the world. .-is su assed in
;lj}r?f‘a,~‘iiew barrel at Eltville-‘on-the-_ hine. It
: 83,;80O’_guarts of Rhine wine. It _is 49 feet
3{fe”e?t wide and nearly 10 feet. high. The
erg barrel has been dry for many years,

 

  

 StEEL COTTAGES , ‘ V

.Fl;;ggla.nd'modest’houses all of steel are meet-
; 1 _. " 1ii'e‘ed,s' of workmen of small means. ‘
now,”in‘ inonthse steel barns and steel bungalows
, n znalting their ‘appearance in increasing
theﬂniited States. according to Popu-

oﬂth Y-“'1 I ’

N. »Yj.~, for example, there has
emulated a novel dwelling-_,in which the

   
  
     

  

 

  
 
  

.5;

    

    



  
 

lienteifs "SC;-l.la1‘E » ,ca;n

._ate'- on-..any given sum of money for any length‘

ionvertingvrubbish. into fuel is cheaper than ‘

tii,e,.d9.ys_vo£. its usefulness it “he1d,200,768~

And '

C .£rsmeya2:I<',..is"formed‘. of “.meta1» lumber"
'tlie‘;S_“, l3.’t1‘31'1SI10rted to the site, and
’ ‘.~*.';Th.5;builders declarethat;

could be placed at any point where slow, an‘?
to. use: a . monkey‘ ’ ’ ‘  ~

    

CURRENT NEWS

 

easily erect the frame for the house by followin
the plans. .

SHERIDAN’S SEVEN-WORD SPEECH
General Phil Sheridan was a man of such few
words that he needed only seven to make an ad-
dress to the graduates at West Point on one occa-

 

sion, Captain Nelson Thomasson, Commander of y

the Illinois Commandery of the Loyal Legion, has
disclosed.

“After the others had made long speeches,” the
captain related to his companions of the Loyal
Legion when they laid a wreath on Sheridan's

statue here, “Sheridan stepped_ forward to the? _e ;;
table “where the enrolled sheepskins were lying on .. , . ,

top of each other and made this brief address in
seven words:
“ ‘Young gentlemen, you are one of us.’ '
“Then he distributed the diplomas to the anx-
ious West Pointers without any further delay.”

MAGNET SLOWS DOWN AUTOS ‘AT

V . CROSSINGS e '
A novel and fascinating idea came to Charles

Adler of Baltimore. Md,, one evening not Ion

ago, as he sat by his laboratory window an ‘

watched the twinkling lights of commuters’ trains '- A’
ﬂashing by in the railroad yards below. He con-In»

trasted their orderly operation with the helter- , 

skelter rush of home-going automobiles on the
road that crossed the railroad tracks at the end
‘of the yard. ‘ -

’ “Why not,” he thought, “apply a little signal
engineering tothe problem of preventing’ auto
accidents at grade crossings? Surely there must
be some way to keep the reckless driver from com-*

mitting suicide--force him to drive carefully...h.l'v,‘.;.'

whether he wants to or not.”

Adler set to work to solve the problem. As ah

result, he has invented a system that automati-

cally slows down the fast-driven car as it ap- ._ 
No matter how ~ '

ard the driver steps on the t rattle, the car will .
not travel at a speed greater than ﬁfteen miles an

roaches the railroad crossin s.

hour until it has passed the crossing.

The device, says Popular Science Monthly; con- 3 ‘Z5:

sists essentiallyof a powerful magnet concealed

in a concrete box beneath the surface of the road»-‘ I:

way at the, proper distance from the railroad

crossing. As the approaching car passes over» a 

magnet,’ the latter operates a system or relays
and a governor so designed that it will allow cup-

that rate.

This action continues until another road mag‘-V,
n_et at_the_d5?.T18‘er point is reached, when the..ig:r.i—-V 
U031 circuit is restored to its normal path. The ..

road magnets are made up of ﬂat strips ._of mag-

netized steel, placed ‘side by side in the concrete I 7

beneath the road surface. . . _; 
Phis reinarkable. invention may he1I,;Vg-,0 30;“

other important ,traE'v.cvni'ublems besides that‘“of‘-

tlie railro , grade ;crosgi;’1g—,,' .'vC.«mt,1-oiﬁng .5133.“/egg;
ful operation of automobiles V
’ic safetyi" C

‘is  

publ

        

!

. rent to’ flow through the automobileignition sys-. . V A
=tem at speeds below ﬁfteen miles an hour, but, .
cuts itvoif when the car is traveling faster than ‘

      
    
     
   
     
    
  
 
   

 

 

  

 

  

 

‘FAME AND FORTUNE wEriK'LY_

 
 

INTERESTING ARTICLES

WHERE BAD EGGS GO '
Eggs that are worthless so far as food value
goes, are not wasted by the large dealers, but .are
covered with kerosene after being broken, treat-
ed with boric acid and sold to tanneries for use
in one of the first processes of making leather.

‘ The shells are removed by sieves and the egg mix-

ture is placed in a revolving drum «with the raw
hides to make them pliant.» ‘ '

FORD BUYS HOOPSKIRTS FOR HIS TWO
MUSEUMS .

Henry Ford came to Doylestown, Pa., recently
and purchased $3,000 worth of hoopskirts, grain
ﬂails and varied relics of early farm life among
the Pennsylvania Dutch. ~

The antiques, Mr. Ford explained are_for his
Dearbom, Mich., museum and also for lus Way-
side Inn, near Boston, formerly the old Longfel-
low home. .

STRANGE SEA ILLNESS

A mysterious disease has appeared in Germany
recently and has caused so much excitement that
the Prussian Lower House has appropriated
$120,000 to have it scientiﬁcally investigated.
This new affliction attacks fishermen in that part
of the Baltic known as “The Haff.” .

It grips its victims when they are at sea, sud-
denly and without warning. Severe pains in the
muscles of the arms and legs are followed by tem-

Ezrary paral sis. The attack ceases within a few’

' urs after e patient is once more on land, but

is apt to break again as soon as he goes to sea.

_ ale adequate exp anation has yet been found for

INSPIRED BY “COFFEE COCKTAIL” TO
LEAD MEMORIAL DAY PARADE

‘ “Coffee cocktails” are said to be a new drink,
prepared by laborers who occupy camps in this
country. It is reported that the drinks“ are made
from a preparation for heating, which is melted
and mixed with coffee. .

Samuel Wickens of Mount Vernon, who was be-

» fore Judge H. B. Merritt at Goshen today on the

charge of public intoxication, told the Court that

he had some of the coffee mixture and that was

what ailed him. .
He got wild and started to lead the Memorial

. Day parade at Goshen, imagining he was a great '

personage. He said he did not know anything of
what happened after he drank the coffee concoc-
tion until he woke -up in a cell at Goshen today.

He received ten days’ suspended sentence and
promised “never to do so again.”

PICKPOCKET SCHOOL FOR PARIS GIRLS
I - ,FOUND

The days of Fagin and Oliver Twist were re-
called today by the discovery by Paris detectives
of. a regular school for pickpockets.

‘Dickens only imagined an establishment 
quented by boy pupils, but feminine emancipa-

~ tion today seems even to have invaded the crim-
. insll classes, for the thieves’ academywhlch the
 unearthed was of girl students exclusively. A

_ v

- pupils, mostly about 10 to 12 years

Furthermore. the “college,” which was’, situ-
ated in :3; slum misapproprxately called"“Rue— du
Bel Air, was run by, two women teachers.-.-
Amanda Godart and Kerthe Raulin. ; *  .»

While these “professors” were, taken to jail
detectives were busy searching for their scattered
_ . old; made ex-
pert in extracting purses from handbags in
crowded department stores or collecting samples
ﬁn 511521;: and other merchandise displayed on

 

BULLBIWINS IN KENTUCKY cover on A
PLEA or SELF-DEFENSE \ _ A

In the only case on record,vi-t is believed, in L‘.

which a bull was defendant, the bull won herefthe
other day in Circuit Court on,_a self_-defense l'ea,_
Damages. were denied by a Jury ‘to ‘Cleve 
Snellmg, who had brought suit fo $10,000 dam-
ages against the Idle Hour Stock ll-arm, owner. ' ‘
kept. , , .
The defense was set up that Snelling has 

saulted the bull and th 1; th ' 1‘ j ' "1 
protecting itself when the btiillanlldincickgzflsslrfceelliang 4‘

down, loosening his teeth and brealcin "four ribs.
Defense also was to the effect that o narily the
bull was mild-mannered, had never attacked any-‘
one and did not molest Snelling untilithe latter
threw a rock a.'od'struck him. ' ’ "

That part of the suit as against the7V_Id1e1Hdur 

farm was dismissed on perempto instructions,-'
as it was shown there was no neg igence"on. ﬁlms 
part of the. owner, Colonel E. R. BradleY¢‘1.a,so/
owner of Bubbling Over, winnerof theJ.926-Ke‘n- T
tucky Derby.   .- 1?.

OLD DEVIL SEA ,
“Th' old Devil Sea has got my dad, =
My man an’ my brothers ‘V ' .
But I have taken an oath, my son, -
That she’ll never la hands on you!” . ..
Then wrapping her babe
And ho ing her child to her breast,’ __
She hastened away from the crashing sea '
Far into the shadowy west. A 
“I hear strange thihgs in th’ wind this night!”
Sighed the ad, when the years were}. 
And his mother lifted her startled eyes 4; ”
To gaze on her stalwart son; ;, 7
“There may be a storm,” she answeredxhf-’
As he stared at the crackling ﬁre, ' ,
“I hear but th’ talk of th’ tremblin"tr_ee'
As they lean, to th’ cattle byzre.” I

   
  
   
    
  
    
  
      
     
    
 

 

“There are voices that call an’ ‘call tomb
Softly the lad would say, ‘ v  ' , s
As he wearily turned from the ﬁelds he
_In the dusk of the dying day, I y » -‘
Till his mother wept in the door alone
And wailed to the waking dawn,   ’
“Th’ old Devil Sea has won».my..la ,
He has heard her--an?» he has gone

EDGAR DANIEL;
’ \. , \ _  '

D-

 

 

..-.~i

the bull, and David'Caskill, on .whose~farm itwa } .{

 

   
 

in a plaided shawl   

    

 

   0’. fl  oonREc'r TIME _ e

‘  Geneva 9,‘ chronometer competition IS held
.every, je‘ar_ at'the'observatory. Last year the
chronoflneter that made the best record kept time
p ' withinsix oneghundredths of a second a day.

:7 EARLIEST KNOWN BAKER _ .
“ Ching-Noungis reputed to have been the or1g1-
nal teachereofhow to make bread from wheat
and wine from r1ce,_ about _1918 B.  Baking of
breadwas known _m patriarchal times and be-
came a profession in Rome in 170 B. C.

_ ARCHAEOLOGICAL NOTES
Vrhe _e,it‘e-,o;f. ancien-t_Carthage is being sold off
.. and divided"int'o building lots, and the surround-

    

 

 
  
   
    
      
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
     
   
  
   
   
 
  

rggidential villas. V p
T T-v.1;2(')‘UBLE‘C0NTROL FOR AUTOS...

3,143“ »_1-mg trap-sfer1'ed the“ airplane idea of dou-
ggyitii-ol»to automobiles and now the men who
mi. “the ‘French school for chauffeurs am
ralhedgin automobiles that have two steering
» ,wEéei,g’ZtW0 horns, and two foot brake pedals—but
’ am3are,,ﬂt1y~'on1y...oz1e gear shift control. The
scheme issaid to save much time and trouble in
developing competent chauifeurs.

. e ' ““'l‘ELEPHONES IN FRANCE ‘
In Fraéncegwith a population of 40,000,000

x

.‘ ' 1 ‘h’ V ' ctories will contain the names
‘E>)f§—7oal‘le":llx)e 0zhlfbsc1x¥i(l>er»s. The Government,-which
operates jthe service, issues one directory for
Paris and one for the rest of the country. Bot

‘ , ether contain fewer names than theic
grain the Chicago Telephone Directory.

i’.
W
a:
d-

” h ' ‘S l teiff, who brou ht_'o. to so
&ﬂ§l9fumkl:l;‘lxio7(i;rx£ii1(l‘se§'ié's. is wortlfv  mJ+er}1yf,‘7.0I!, '1“
ﬂ:p;;§3g'“"¢g,;‘any other columns. The invention by
 ‘ft the "Teddy Bear Doll." will go down‘ _1I}t10

‘ = ithinose O’Neil2’s ~I<gwp;es.’f the Kit.-
:.\—5nd«..alfew other little things which
jfghappy for children. The inventors
such devices is enormous.

 

>nUImA1s'roRM DEATHS 2,800

V“  I” t 1 e . d t'dal
'33.‘-a§°+?§é‘ §3l§s3fo§~h§§§‘i§‘$ h§i7°r"e’$s.’;‘.l 2,500,
  to the commissioner of the district of
g It fgjeared that the total deaths will

 

reach'_a.1m‘os1:_4,000 in the affected regions.

» caus.ed“§y.nth.e;bN3af River sweepingi over its banks
n«?"*‘3-“W955te—°f-W“-tars for many ml e¢si' 1‘. th tele-
. . ggiave damage has been cause o e

. me fconnectingr Burma with“ India. Floods
’  the‘ progress of rescue workers.

H R elem, CjA_USEDiINJ.URIl3S ;

 
 

 
   

 

Weinerg, ro};ei'31fs,":old, 01287

Street T

    

  FROM ~ EVERYWHERE T   0

 

'ng hi11s,'1-ich in history, are being slowly covered

vlpeople, t,h‘e’.te1e hone is so poorly developed that

0 The indepen ent whistles have to whistlepﬂ time 

*NgvlENT0R OF. A AMOUS "Toy v1)1Esw ..This.rema1-kable whistle has been installed h

around as a man.

Most ’
‘ offthegﬁeathg iifthe township of Maungdaw were

1, . %1;en£hw%o%lnoflon—¢he'» second blast [of the. dat’
i _ a. ir __as
yn, :repe8t¢d177

  
 
 

 1131??

 

 

urged her to bob her hair, but she always replied '
that she preferred it long. Recently, as, she was ‘
working at a bookbinding machine at 207 West ._ 
Twenty—ﬁfth Street several strands of her hair’
became entangled in the gears and she was se-
verely cut and bruised before the machine could —

be sltopped. She was taken to New York Hos-

pita . ‘

SUGAR RESTORES HEART
The injection /of sugar into the veins of pa-,
tients apparently dying from heartfailure and’
exhaustion from various diseases not only re—‘
stores the heart action, but produces a remark-
able improvement in the general condition. Such,
is the substance of a communication from-Doc—'
tor Enriquez of the Hospital de la Pitie to the:
Academy of Medicine tonight. The results in:
manyrcases are said to have been almost miracu-‘p
lous,’and no ill—effects whatsoever were experi-I
enced. T 0 
ONE WHISTLE FOR A TOWN T
East St. Louis now has the big est steam;
whistle in the world.’ It is a remar ble triple‘
machine with three . voices-—-a three-chime’
whistler, whose capacity forythe annihilation of
peace is extraordinary. This whistle blows a ten-
mile blast at half steam, and -with favorable wind
has a disturbing‘ power of twenty miles. It costs:
a dollar every time it is blown. But this great .
whistle is not all noise. It is _an idea. in economy, ” .
a Whistle trust; a noise combine. Almost all _th_ee . '
little noises, yelps, toots, and whines of ‘ smaller, 
mechanical throats in East St.‘ Louis are now
dumb. The ‘ant whistle trust whistles for them.

 

 

to be heard.- Within the range of this whistle are. _ ' f
said to be 100,000 people who tell time by it. 
the 
East St. Louis and Suburban Electric :Ralwsy— ‘
Company at the Belt power-house, State and
Twentieth streets. where the company’s machine’
sham; and car barns are located. The greatest
modern siren comprises three whistles. The largest L . " S
is almost six feet in. height, and‘ nearly as big

_ On each side of the main one .
1s a smaller whistle. The three units combine to -I
make one noise, with which even Babanne, miles 
away, across the Mississippi River, in‘ the west 
end of St. Louis, is well acquainted. This big-f 
triple whistler was also set "up at the railway" .
company’s electrical generating station‘. “as a '
feature.” It is connected with an electric clock, .
which is regulated by -the Government standard .
time_»sent out from. Washington on the idroppi_ng;‘..
of a ball at exactly noon each day. The electric
clock which connects with the whistle is gunrans
teed not to vary ﬁve seconds in time a year,‘ and,
the clock’s record to date is satisfactory. Almost '
every man looksat his watch when the first blast
is sounded by the big. whistle at seven o'clock in: .‘
the morning. Almost every housewife- in East St.
Louis glances at her manteltimepiece when the

 

 

 
 
  
     
     
    

  
  
   

is an hour laternind the Alastis at".

sixln theeveni g.-s 

     
   

  

 

 

  

   

-»

   

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. .They contain
Valuable Information on Almost

Every Subject. /_

No. 1. NAPOLEON’s ORAGULUM AND DREAM
BOOK.-Containing the great oracle of human destiny.‘
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams
toggther with charms. ceremonies and curious games of
cars.

No. 2. HOW TO DO 1‘RICKs.—The great book of
magic. and card tricks. containing full instructions on
all eadmg card tricks of the da , also the most popular
magical’ illusions as performe by our leading ma—
glelans: every boy should obtain a copy of this book.

No. 3. HOW TO FLIR’l‘.—’.l‘he arts and wiles of
ﬂirtation are fully explained by this little book. Be-
sides the various methods of handkerch ef. fan. glove.

— parasol. window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list

rthe brightest and most valunb

;  wEs'rBURY%1_>UnLIsHING co.,‘ Inc.

nf the language and sentiment of ﬂowers.

No. 8. HOW TO BECOME A SOIEN'I.‘lS'1'.-—A useful
and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on
chemistry° also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.
mathemati . chemistry: and directions for making ﬁre-
works, colored tires, and gas balloons. -\

No. 9. HOW TO BECOME A VEN'l.‘R‘ILOQU'lS'.l‘.—-l’»_v
Harry Kennedy. Every intelligent boy readln this
book of instructions can master the art. and crea e any
amount of fun for himself and friends.

No. 10. How To B0x.—'l‘he art of self-defense made
easy. Containing over thirty_ illustrations of guards.
blows. and the different positions of a good boxer.
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and in-

structive books, as it will teach you how to box with-

oultt an instructor.
o.
complete little book. containing full directions for writ-
ing lo,ve~letters. and when to use them. giving specimen
letters for young and old.

No. 13. HOW 1'0 D0 1'1‘: OE. BOOK OF ETI-
qtlE'l"l‘]!l.-—It is a great life secret. and one that every
young man desires to know all about. There's happi-
ness lll . . ~
' No. I5. HOW TO BECOME RIC!-!:——’1-‘his wonderful
book presents you with the example and life experience
of some of the most noted and‘ wealthy men in the
world. For those who aspire to fame and fortune. this
book will give you the secret.

No. 16. HOW TO KEEP A WINDOW GARDEN»-
(‘nntaining full instructions for constructing a window

’garden either in town or country. and the most ap-

proved methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers at home.

No. 17. How To DRIcSs.—Contain_ing full instruc-
tion in the art of dressing and appearing well at home
and abroad. giving the selections of colors. material.
mu '1 how to have them made up.

No. 18. HOW TO BECOME BEAU'1‘Ill‘UI..—One of
little books ever given
to the world. Everybod wishes to know how to be-
come beautiful. both ma e and female. '

No. 29. OW TO BECOME AN INVEN'1'on.—Everv
boy should now how inventions originated. This book
Pxpleins them nil, giving examples in electricity. hy~
draulics. magnetism, optics. pneumatics, mechanics, etc.

No. 30. HOVV T0 COOK.—-One of the most instructive

books on cooking ever published. It contains reci es

1' cooking meats. tish
pl rirllngs.-, cakes and all
collection of recipes.

No. 37. HOW TO KEEP HOUSE.--It contains infor-
mniion for everybody. boys. girls. men and women: it
will teach you how to make almost anything around
the house. such as parlor ornaments. make almost any-
thing around the house. such as parlor ornaments.
brnelrets. cements. Aeolian harps. and‘ bird lime for
catching birds.

No. '88. HOW zro BECOME YOUR OWN DOCTOR.-
.‘ wonderful book. containing useful and practical in-
ormation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and
ailments common to every family. Abounrling in useful,
and effective recipes for general complaints.

No. so. HOW TO MAKE AND swr :rRA1>s.——Includ-

game. and ovsters: also pes
kinds of pastry. and a grand

. ’ . .hi.t ho to catch moles, weasels, otter, rats
..§2§'.lr:e'is”a‘£'& biiyds. Also how: to cure skins. Copiouslf «

(llustl-gated.

For sale by all newsdealon, or will be sent to an!
address on receipt of price, me. per copy. ,‘
' in money or /stamps. by 0

waves» '23.: smut - Nu-v. Ivrlgcltr

one ‘TEN,CI?‘.NT nasal Books  A  it

11. HOW '1-0 wmrrr: Lovn.I.n'r'.mns....A most”

Miners. , . v , .
.1078 Coinlng Money; or, The «Boy Plunger;

 

    

 

Fame

A —— x.s1_-nja'r realms  ‘. ’ j , .

1035 Jack Merry’ e ‘t; ,1»; la. .. i 0* 3 .;.=.

1030 A Gzltclen Sﬁiogér: (:21;-. :1~’im"§o§ Lﬁgfiixgﬁv ah .;i’
. rest. 7 _. - ‘ « “

1037 Making 11 Re rd’; , Th L ,1‘ f‘ : ' " ~

1038 A 1"i'~'-T" F‘0§°M0l1°t§v; oi‘. E‘:-<(>n? gclxgfkigg '

Sr"r\t. . .
1039 Strandvzll Out West:’or. The Boy .Wl1o "1l'ou'ne'-.,
Bnatnlali. ‘ ' '.,}r ’
1040 Ben Bassi‘ord's Luck; or. Working on wan .

ps. . ., ,
1041 A Young Gold Klug; or. The Treasure .,”he 3;;

axe. , A . v , p
1042 Round To Get Rich: or. How A Wall’ Stre/'
ado Money. ' _« ' 
1043 Friendless Frank; or. The Boy win

Famous. . ,
1044 A $30000 Tip: 01'. The Young Weazr =
ﬁtreet '

104.5 Pluclig B‘oia- j , Th ll W/h ‘ F

1046 From ‘Nevl'sbo‘,vrto Binktg; oi-_9RY,V1;mLas;._
yo eniae; . '1‘ '1" ~

1047 A e ‘lliun §tml‘}Pf' A Th A i

1048 A Grip On the ligrketze orfe§As‘u1‘=l?>t9Titx!l11s

Street. . , . .45
1049 Watcthiing His Chance: or, From Ferry Boy viii -
a n. . I . ~ .
1050 A Glértne gor Gold: or, The Young King. ‘ '
e ' '

1'0 . . ,. ,4 .
1051 A Wizard for l'.ucl~:: or (' tti Abs (1 i«"the.w
1052 A Folgtullle at Stake; or.,eA Wall s¢%.eJ’ue.sen3iF
ea. ‘  ' ~ »
1053 His Last Nickel: or. What It Did for Jack ‘RI
1054‘ Nut Noble, the Little Broker: or.'Tl1e"Ba'y>‘W.\
Started a Wall Street Panic.‘   52:‘ V " ' .  _
1055 A Struggle for Fame: or, The Ggme3t.£Q1,.1n 

o . h l .  . . .
1°“ Ts.§'wl: .l::l*:=l.z‘“.l:2.t:z.   seas  
105'! A Iﬂégv Contract; or. The Boy who Made it am»

0 ney.- _; ~‘ " -  “ ' ’
1058 A Big Risk; or. The (lame '1‘h'a.t,Won.; "  .' "3 t
1059 On Pirate's Isle: or. The Tre-asn.l:q'ot tits. ,;8evea-‘

.~,e—. "

Craters. . . H -« _. y, -- U .
1060 A Wall‘St,fee‘i':e Mystery; or.lTh9,‘Bo Who neat. ,
a _ . . \ . .  . ,

and iFottunea..Wi¢§Llv

  

   
 

 
    

 

 

 

 

the Synd c . A - . . V
1061 Diﬁk Hadley's Mine: or, The Boy Gold Digger: of
(‘X 0.‘ . ‘A . ' '
1062 A Boy Stock Broker: or. From nrmna Boy to .
Mill onalre. - . ’ "- V

1063 Facing -the World: or. A Poor_.Boy's‘ Fight’ for 7
une. \ .  ‘L » » ~
1064 A Tip Worth .a Million; or. How a.'.«Boy _W0rkQdv
It In. Wall Street. .  -‘.1 . , k ‘y
1065 Billy. the dcabin Boy: or, The Treasure of.-Skeleton. ; x
8 ti . ' ‘:- ‘ ‘ ‘
1066 Just Hlls, Luck; or.’ Climbing .the Ladder .
an ' l " I 
Succegl

  
   
    
  
  
      

Fortuna _I
1067 Out With His Own Circus: 0!’. The

Yonng Barnum. - , — , ;
1068 Playing For Money‘;” or, The Boy Trader.

Street. , , > ,r .
1069 The  Copper Miner: or. ’1‘edjBrowus
c es. ~  - '1.
1070 Tips Of! the Tape: or. The Boy Who Start
. ee . . . * '
1071 Striking It Rich: .or. From Oﬂlt;ie,_ Bay L

chant Prince _ v , "
1072 Lucky in Wall Street; or. The Boy _Wl,ln

the,Bx-okers. _ v  1,
1073 In a Class by I-limself; or, The rI’luckly.‘.Bo
Got to the Top. , . ‘ ~  _. . ,_
1074 Bulling the Marke: or. The ~Messenger/jvhoﬁwégk

a Corner. » . 

1075 After the Big Blue Stone; or._ Thefbreas
un e. . _ . , ,.

1070 Little Jay Perkins. the ,l3r9k6l':“0l‘.  that '

. W 11 St 9.‘. “I . , ~ . ,
1077 The Yoaung {lineal B1332: 01'. Five Years

 

e . > -

‘I079 Among the Tusk Hunter’-s;'or. The Boyflwh
a Diamond Mine. . .~ ~. u" ‘ .

1080 A Game Boy: or. From the Slums: o-V/Vxﬁ sweet,
1081 A Wﬁifs Legacy; or, How It Ma re a rod‘ :89:

1°82F*=h:;2§.¢:: °=r~ as »m'=*~ 5
' For sale by all newndaalorb, or will be‘!

address «cl t 1 price. 80. par
ll(l’nll!l'OIeJ") :r atani9I..b1_f

nﬁlslils b.

 
  

in

    
     
    

   

  

-WESTBURY PU

 
     

