 
 

 Are vol: A Radio Fan?

\

Read Pages 24 and T25

 FAME AND FORTUNE

Issued weekly—Subserlption price. $4.00 per year; Canada. $4.50: Foreign. 8-5.00.’ar

Wait 23d Street. New York. N. I.

Poat~0moe at New York. N. 1.. under the Act of

No. 971

; ’ By A SELF-MADE MAN

-

CHAPTER I.—The Man from the West.

“Hello, sonny!”
,j;;? It was a blustering, overcast day in the first
week in April, and Will Melville, a strong—look-
_ iig boy of ﬁfteen, his frank, open countenance
 tferiom jiifcegit exercise-1,1 waged seculrinfg a
—. pi a sai 0a to a sma wo en pat orm
-extending a few feet out into a narrow creek
" that branched of of Maple River, where he was
hailed as above. The boy looked up and saw a
stalwart, bearded man. with a deeply bi-onzed
‘countenance, standing upon the top of the bank
 behind him.
‘ ' “Well, sir,” replied Will, judging the man was
f . {in quest of some information.
’ ' “You live around here, I s’pose'.’” said. the
‘ ' ' .l .
 '"-«‘i"‘fi‘Z',’~ ‘§‘.l§fv’.°.i?i“i§vili.
‘Know a man by the name _of Amos Skinner?"
“That’s the man I live with.”
"‘What’: your name?"
'“wi1i lvlelville.”
The stranger whistled softly and seemed to
'°‘3-'i‘i7iv‘3..'§5’t“.'il‘,§’ }’.§’ti...‘§"Z’l ;§t%‘Z.~‘"f°§‘?J.'e?~
“No sir." ,
“Mr: Skinner supports you doesn’t he?"
“I work for Mr. Skinner. ’ He boards me and
gives me 37 a month wages.”
“Is Mr. Skinner a farmer?”
“He is." _ _
The stranger gave a grunt of satisfaction.
“Where does he live?”
‘.‘In that white hoes; .y”onder."
‘Got a wife, hasnt e.
-V - ‘Yes, sir,” replied Will, gvondering how many
 note questions the inquisi ve stranger was go-
‘ t k.
_ _ h§A:y.:hildren?” 
V  .- ‘One son, Simon Skinner.”_ .
V ; _The stranger. looked at Will reﬂectivelY- '
“I once knew a man ‘by the name of George
,1 Helville, out in Cripple Creek. He said he came
1 ‘ hon these parts.”
"' .-"That was my father, sir.” said Will, eagerly-
. ’ The strange; dgdoynot aippear to be vet! much
'3'prised' _, at e. s a mission. _
.“Geoi-gs Melville told me that he had ‘I. wife

  

  

    
  
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
  
    
  
  

Entered as Second-Class Ms  1911. at
1' 1

I
NEW YORK, MAY 9, 1924’5?¢,,,;_0/

.   some HIS LEVEL0

on, WORKING HIS WAY up

WEEKLY

Wolff. Publisher, Inc.. 16!!

1924

  

and son in Maywood, at the head of Arlington
Valley."

“That’s right," said Will. “Father was a
carpenter "in Maywood before he went out West.
That was many years ago, and I was only a little
boy at the time he left to make his fortune, as
he said, in the Cripple‘ Greek diggings, where
gold had just been discovered in‘ great quantities.
Mr. Skinner, who was a friend of his father’s—
in those days he was not so well off as he is now,
but worked a small farm on shares-—went with
him. After a few months father wrote that he
and Mr. Skinner had got hold of a claim which
had turned out to be very rich. He expected
to make enough money in a few months to be
able to return home very well off. Enough, he
said, to build a ﬁne house in the village and live
the rest of his life without the necessity of re-
turning to his trade."

“Well,” said the stranger, “didn't he?"

“No, sir. That was the last word mother ever
received from him.”

“How was that?” asked the stranger, with a
curious look in his eyes.

“Because-——” The boy choked up a little, and
tears glistened in his eyes. “Because he died
out in the diggirgs.”

“Oh, he did!" exclaimed the stranger, in a
peculiar tone. “You are sure that he died?"

“Yes, «sir. A few weeks after mother rt
ceived father's last letter Mr. Skinner returned
to Maywood. He called at our home and told

mother that he was the bearer of sad tidings.

He said that he and father were partners in a
claim which proved to be a rich one. 'l‘hat they
had sold out the claim to a syndicate that was
buying up all the property around in that sec-
tion. Father and he had each received $20,000
in gold coin. They had arranged to return to-
gether to Maywood. Two days before they were
to start he said father suddenly disappeared.
Mr, Skinner said he and three other men had
searched the district to try and find out what
became of him. For a week they failed to dis-
cover the slightest clue. Then they found the
body of a man at the foot of a certain precipice.
The body was much battered and the face wholly
unrecognizable. But Mr. Skinner said he was

certain that it was his friend George Melvillg

   
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
    
     
    
 
   
  
     
  
   
    
  

 ._ ~.  ...- 

for he identiﬁed the clothes and a jack-knife

that father had been enticed to that spot by

some of the desperadoes of the district who had

heard of his good fortune, and murdered for
his money, which he had changed into bills and

carried about his person in a money belt." I

“That was the story Mr. Skinner told your
mother, was it?"

“Yes, sir. As Mr. Skinner had not positively
identiﬁedthe dead man, though he said he had
little doubt on the subject, mother refused to
believe for a long time that father was actually
dead. She wrote to persons in Cripple Creek
who had known father, but could only get a
confirmation of Mr. Skinner's story. Finally,
after many months had‘ passed without any
favorable tidings, mother at last gave up all
hope. She ‘had to take in sewing to support her-
1 self and me, as we had no money, until at last
;I L she took sick and died.”

 ‘_;,l'3ut Mr. Skinner came home well off, didn't

he.

“I believe so.”

_, “And didn’t he do anything to help your

' mother?” .

” 7 “No, sir."

“And how. did it happen you came to work

for Mr. Skinner?" - C

“After mother died he offered me a job on his
‘new farm, and I have been with him two years.”
V ,. -“He gives you seven dollars a month and

A .your keep, you say?” -

“Yes, sir; but he charges me with everything

 I break. And he doesn't pay me anything in

Awinter and early spring when I attend school,
th gh I have to do all the chores and many

. nthe things before and after school times.”

 “At that rate you haven't saved much money,”
said the stranger, with a twinkle in his eye.

 “No. sir. I haven't any money at all." -

 “Did you ever’ feel like running away?" con-
tinued the inquisitive stranger.

,be afraid to tell me, for I shan't give you away.”

Will wouldn't admit whether he had ever felt
-“'.that way or not. Suddenly the boy looked up
' ~ and said:_ ‘

1. “You said you knew my father out at Cripple
Creek. Did you know Mr. Skinner there, too.”
“Yes,” replied the man, guardedly. “I knew
slightly.” _ - _ V .

“Are you thinking of calling on him?"

1 - “I had some such idea,” admitted the other,
' slowly. , .
y “You'll find him at the house now, I guess."

» .“‘All right. I'll go up and see."

..'I‘he [stranger nodded civilly to Will, turned

1' on ‘his heel and started for the lane the boy

_ pointed out to him as the.most direct way to
 reach Mr. Skinner's house. ‘Will watched him

- .' withmot a little interest. ‘ , ,

 

  of ‘the Past Appears

V : .1 . ,5  Amos Skinner. ap-
 Melyille’s son,” muttered the
to  as l}e;.walked up the lan

"" ",1; 
    as

   
   

  

DOING HIS LEVEL BESfl‘ — "V * ’-H 

found in one of the pockets. He felt quite.sure'

“You needn't ~

u 

     

that I should meet‘ that boy the first thing. 
He's 8 ﬁne-looking chap, too—just the kind,of';*'-‘
boy that will make his mark in the world in 
time. I wonder what kind of youth Skinner's:
son is like? Maybe I shall see him. From what .
I know of his father I haven't any very great-~
opinion of him. On the contrary, Will Melville»
is just like his father in a great many ways, ands
will be more like him what he grows up. Skill-“f;
ner proved himself a scoundrel out West, and”?
he has been rubbing it in, I see, eve:-fsinee. he‘.-
returned to the East. Well, I guess I’li 
able to take some of the conceit out of hie:-—‘:-S
and some of his well-guarded money, too," with»
a sardonic grin. “No -doubt he thinks himself"
perfectly safe. The dark page in his past has.‘
doubtless long ceased to trouble him. It will;
be a shock to him whenhe learns that Ja¢0b"é‘
Luckstone is still alive andhas him under hit‘,
thum. Squirm and wrig'g'le as he may, he won't;
be able to escape until he comes down hand-;:
somely." A‘
With a harsh laugh and a shrug of 
shoulders Jacob Luckstone kept on up the lai‘iq;“
and ﬁnally came to a gate which admitted 
the.farmyard. Here he came face to face
a boy of sixteen years who was amusinfhilily-"'
self tantalizing a small bull terrier. Luckstoiog?
did not need any one to tell him who this 
was, for he read the Skinner family 
istics in every line of his homely, sallow and dig‘. ,
agreeable countenance. ;‘— '=_.~
“Who are_you, and what do you want hotel’,
demanded Simon Skinner, aggressively, 
in his‘ delightful employed and regarding 
stranger with undisguised disgust. -—" ”'
“You are Simon Skinner, I' suppose,"
Luckstone, with a chuckle.  
“I don’t know that that is any of your rbnalv.
ness,” retorted the boy in a disagreeable tone. 
don’t know you,‘ and from your general appears. '
ance It don’t want to know you, either." . -‘
“Look here, Master Simon, is your father i‘[::»,,‘
the house?" - V r ‘7’?'..
a “My father! What do you want with him??.,;
“Business, ‘sonny, business. I’ve come a l ‘ 32
way to see h1m—maybe that’s the reason I‘

    
   
 

     
  
  
   

so shabby. You mustn’t judge a book by 
cover.” I . VKCV?
“Does my father know you?” asked Simo

doubtfully.
“Well, rather," grinned Jacob Luckstone.
“What's your name?" .
“Never mind my name, sonny. Just run ~: -
the house and tell your father that a man
used to know him in Cripple Creek is w um;
outside to see him.” , ».~_>
Simon didn't like to be ordered around in‘,
fashion, and was about to refuse, but are‘ ~
s9m_eth1 in the stranger's manner cl!-L‘ '
tlmldate him. and so, very much /against his I" 
clination, he entered the house, hunted up? I.
father, whom he found in the sittingsroom ‘ '
mg that day's issue of the weekly Ha -v
News, and told him there wasa man, .» J .
the yard who Wanted to talkto him.   
“What does hexlook like?’ = i  
“Like a tramp‘—-that is, he's’ awful ;_ y
and his shoes are’-covered withldust as ‘ 
'&—':eo‘?pe‘ »

 

 
  

    
    
     
  

   
      
 
 
 

   
 

      

1

 ' DOING HIS

9,; ‘long way!" exclaimed Mr. Skinner, in some

   

-- ‘He told me he knew you out in Cripple
.‘,_':Creek."

-, ' ‘He said he knew me in Cripple Creek, he?
L;»:You are positive he said that?’

' ‘Yes. He seemed very conﬁdent that _vou’d
see him.”

‘I think maybe I’d better see what he wants,”
said Mr. Skinner, in a tone so different from
what he usually used under similar circum-
stances that his son regarded him- with con-
siderable surprise. “Show him into my library,

on.” '
. “Why don’t you see him in the yard? He
ai1i’t ﬁt to come into the house," objected the

.1

boy- -
- “Pd rather have him come into the library,"
-' replied his father, getting‘ up from the rocking-
-“"’chair with the intention of crossing the hall to
' that room.
“I wonder what’s come over father all at
once?” muttered Simon, as he retraced his steps
 t) the yard. “He.is usuallycpretty sharp and
' sweet in his dealings with trampish individuals
5“ like this man from Cripple Creek. He is not
.~.r only willing to see this person. but he actually
to bring him into the library—just as if
Mr.‘ Hanford or somebody worth the
tion. Looks mighty funny to me. I'd give
-Joinething to know what the fellow wants to say
to.my father. He acts as if he could make the
governor do something for him. I've a xrreat
.;+;. xilnd to tell mother. No, I won’t. One of the
2.’ library windows is open. I'll show this man in-
to the house and then I'll go outside, stand in
the bushes under the window and listen to what
goes on inside of the room.”
’ ’Simon grinned at what he considered his own
suteness, walked into the yard and told the
waiting stranger that his father would see him
in his library.
—. “In his library, eh?" chuckled Jacob Luck-

  
  

  

:9»

  
 
  

‘K ‘Follow me,’t'h:a1ild Simon, in a pompous way,
ﬁrutting into ouse. .

  stranger followed him with al_acrity.

sf‘? §i:‘23Z'»s“‘f§Z' .‘$.‘£.°§', ‘i’fu‘3e°."5 ‘ife";ia3b’§€;’I;aang
  to allow the visitor to pass.» ‘

 Skinner, gho was seeiated at his desk close
_ , ‘ open win ow, turn in his chair to take
 critical survey of his caller. The stranger.

 

   

‘without waiting to beinvited, coolly seated him-
,in a leather-covered arm-chair, crossed his
' 52%‘: legs nonclialantly, removed his weather-

ﬁained hat from his ‘head to the ﬂoor beside the
 ' , squirted a stream of tobacco juice into a
§‘_@8pld01_'a and, looking the farmer sharply in the
" sai :

"$011 don't seem to recognize me, Amos Skin-

 

. —"-"V"! must confess you have the advantage of
‘ --isir,’ replied Mr. Skinner, with a touch of
ycaistomary aggressiveness, his courage hav-

riaen when his visitor seemed to he a com-

’ Lvatran r to him. - ‘
.., »- introduce myself to you,"- grinned
,_ “I name is Jacob Luckstone.”
_ «Lu ‘tone!’ gasped Mr, Skinner, his

‘:1

 

" LEVEL BEST

3

face turning a sickly white. “Impossible! Jacob
Luckstone is:"

“Dead!” chuckled the stranger. “No, he isn’t.
Not by a long chalk. He’s very- much alive, as
I'm willing to swear to, seeing as I'm the iden-
tical individual myself. But he's not as pros-
perous as he ought to be, which is a great pity.
However, I think that can be rectified. It’s a
long lane that hasn’t a turning. Are you quite
sure, that you don't recognize me now, Mr. Skin-
ner." .

The speaker leaned forward, parted his bear
from about his mouth, and exhibited to the farm-
er a peculiar-looking tusk which projected from
under his upper lip. One look was enough for
Amos Skinner. With a hoarse cry of dismay he
fell back in his chair and regarded his visitor
with a look of terror, as though a ghost of the
past had suddenly risen before his startled eyes.

CHAPTER III.—-The Price of Silence.

“I see you know me all right," said Jacob
Luckstone, reaching forward and helping him-
self to a cigar out of a box that Mr. Skinner
kept for his private consumption.

“I heard that you was dead," said Mr. Skinner
at last, with a little shiver.

“I came mighty near turning up my toes soon
after you left the diggings. I had a run-in with
a chap—an onery cuss. He got the drop on me
and I went to the hospital for repairs. When
I pulled through I took the five thou. you kind-
ly presented me with and went to Mexico, where
I stayed until I was ﬁnally cleaned out three
months ago. Being reduced to my uppers, I
thought‘ of you.”

“Why of me?” asked the farmer, in shaky
tones. “I thought you promised to cut me out
of your mind when I paid you $5,000 seven years
ago for your silence as to a certain matter which
I do not care to recall."

“Precisely!” replied his visitor. “I did prom-
ise, but when a fellow is ,on his last legs he kind
of forgets such things as promises."

“But I haven't " began Mr. Skinner.

“Yes, you have,” retorted Luckstone, calmly
pulling at his cigar. “You’ve got money all
right. You're well off, and won't miss a thou-
sand or two."

Mr. Skinner uttered a dismal groan.

“What are you kicking about?” asked Luck-
stone, contemptuously. “Besides the $20,000 you

got for your share of the Rainbow claim, you‘

made a good_thing out of George-—"

“Hush!” cried the farmer imploringly.
mention his name. I was mad when I

“Murdered ”

“No, no!
in order to———"

“Rob him of his’ money belt. Precisely. But
he never recovered from the dose you gave him,
so I have only got your word that you didn’t in-
tend to do him up for quits. However, that was
your lookout. Then you robbed him of his

20.000, and I was lucky enough to catch you
doing it.

“Don't

It was my duty to hand you over to

the authorities. Had I done so your neck would
have been stretched in short order. Fortunately

I didn't murder him! I. drugged him‘, ,

    
  
  

’ DOING’ ms

for you, I was open to reason in the shape of a
bribe. We compromised on $5,000, and you
promised on your part to do something for Mel-
ville’s wife and child when you got back home.
Have you kept your word, Skinner?”

“Well, I helped them along from time to time,
and when Mrs. Melville died, two years ago, I
took the boy to educate and bring up at my own
expense." -

“He works on your farm, same as any laborer,
I s’pose." ‘

‘ “Well. yes‘, but I pay him for his time.”

“Look here, Skinner, you can't fool me. I met
young Will Melville down by the creek not an
hour ago, and we had quite a talk together.”

“You met that boy!" exclaimed Mr. Skinner,
igflolvging pale again. A “Why, how did you know

  

  

“I saw the boy coming up the creek in a sail-
boat. I wanted to learn where you lived, so I
waited till he landed, and then I asked him if
he knew you. He said he did, that he lived with
you. Then he pointed this house out to me.
Something about the boy caused me to question
him, and I learned a few things about you. He
told me the story you brought from the West and
repeated to his mother. He also told me that
you never helped them to the extent of a single

 

to support_herself and him. When she died you
took him to work on the farm at a small wage,
which you are keeping back until he comes of
age. That’s the way you put it, but your idea
is to prevent him from leaving you until you
can get everything out of him you can. Isn’t
that it, Skinner?" . _
“No, no; I mean to deal fairly by him,” said
the farmer, hastily. '
“I don’t believe it,”_ replied Jacob Luckstone
bluntly. “I don’t believe you are to be trusted.
_‘You, said you would take care_ of George Mel-
ville's wife and son, and it's evident you haven t
done so.” _
“You didn't tell the boy anything abo_ut—-”
“Well, go on. Spit it out,” said the vistor as
the farmer paused abruptly. _
“I’l1 give you a couple of hundred dollars if
you'll promise to away and never bother me
again,” said‘ Mr. nner, with-manifest reluct-
.ance.' . ~
“Look here, Skinner,” said Luckstone in s_ de-
cided way,_a.s he chucked j.he_butt of his cigar
into the spittoon. “Let's ‘get right down to busi-
ness. I want to go back to Mexico. I've got a
 thing waiting for me there, but I've t to
, ve 82,000 to develop it. Give me $2,5 , and
the chances are you'll never see me again.”
‘ “Twenty-ﬁve hundred dollars!" gasped Mr.
 nner. “Do you want to ruin me?”
Hisvisitor laughed sardonically. , _
~ ."I’d. venture to take my oath that $2,§Q0 is a
'_1"jiere* ileabite to you. Why, man alive,_ you
. 1:. $35,000 back with you from Cripple
.. , . at least half of which rightfully belonged
r7lo_Geor Melvillekheirs.’ That was seven Years
5‘?-,' on oughtto be worth all of $50,000 to-

ﬁx» 
W

  

  

  

   
  
  
  

 
 

 held as his hands Protesting‘!!-
. slut and m

dollar, but that his mother had to take in sewing -

, ,visi_ior,;_1;:s‘.

LEVEL BEST

  

is $2,500. That. I must and will have, or you I
can guess what’ll happen. You see this dom-
ment, don’t you?” and Luckstone pulled a folded.
piece of paper out of his pocket and exhibited it”
to Mr. Skinner, who shrank from it as though,
it were a venomous snake. “Suppose I placed
that in young Melville's hands, what would hap,-vi
pen, do you think? It would be worth 
$2,500—aye, more—to him to learn the 
about his father's fate. This paper in his hands’
would not only strip you of more than half your
wealth. but land you behind the bars to boot”
with something worse in prospect. I think I am‘
letting you off easily. I ought to ask $5,000 at
east. » 7,
Mr. Skinner’s face grew livid as he listenedtoé
Jacob Luckstone. He knew the Westerner had»
him in his power. Yet it was like pulling at
heartstrings to yield .up a dollar. ’ I‘

       

  
      
      
       
       
     
  

   
    
  

  
     
     
     
      

 
  
   

   

s

    
 

CHAPTER IV.———Simon Takes a Mean Adi!!!-

tage of His Father. ..

“Well,” said Luckstone, at length, after eyeing
his man for several minutes in silence, “do-I’ ‘
the money, or don’t I?”

“I haven't got but two hundred dollars in
house,” replied Mr. Skinner, in a hollow voi
,.“You’ll have to wait until I can get it.”'

“Oh, I'll wait, don’t you worry about t _ 
laughed the man from the West, putting
dust-stained boots on the chair just vacated“
the -owner of the house. “I've got him where-
hair is short,” he chuckled, as he watched LS
Skinner walk from the room like a man who - ,
just been stricken a heavy blow. “I'm sorry
I didn't make it $5,000. I-Ie’d have to ante
just the same, or take the consequences.
to think of it, if he really did defy me to do.
worst, while I could put him into a mighty ti
box, I should in all probability get myself’
trouble along with him.’ I made myself an J
cessory to his crime when I accepted that briho
of $5,000 to keep my mouth closed. It's a won ‘
he didn't think of that and use it in an eﬁoﬂ: ,
hold me oil‘. He isn’t smart even a,little'lﬂ.‘:.v
In fact, he's‘ a real easy mark. Well, 3 ~'
isn't to be sneezed at when a fellow is as half
pushed as I am just now. I may make my .-
tune out of it.” “ '_

He leaned back in his chair and indulged»
sundry delightful air-castles which he e’ ~-
to realize as soon as the $2,500 was‘ in his 
session: After a short interval Mr. Skinner
t'l.ll‘:I%(et'l with bills amounting to $200, which

 
  

  
 
 
  

    
 
 
  

   
  
  

  
      
  

   
     
      
     
  

      
     
     
     
     
  

   
     
    
  

   
     
         
   
  

       
 

     
 
 
   
 
  
   
      

  
  
  
  
   
 
   
     
   

ve reluctantly handed over to his visitor.
Luc stone shoved the money into a pee
his vest and rose to go. _ . g
' “V:’il'lifr, it's raining, isn't it? How far is y —
the age hotel?" ;

“About two miles,” replied Mr. Skinner.-

_“I don’t mind a wetting much,” said his '
with a short laugh, “for _I’m used to roughing
but I'd rather not present myself at the: 
looking like a drowned rat. . ‘ I
m11.ch‘to brag of at.tl1e best. If I-lools’un‘r»
they, might;-refuse to‘ take me in.’_’ F _ 
2 “ cu 1f§‘I,‘€!!!§in here a» while‘-until‘
- u

  

    
  
  

 
 

E
-4
.9.

   
  

    

  
  

    

 '1".

 

"  u to the table, but I don’t think my wife
Sroul like it.” - _

 “I don’t look highfaluting enough to suit her,
 db?’ grinned huckstone. “Well, don't worry
  f about me. Bring me a bite of any old
"  you have to spare and we’ll let it go at

. t . ,

  
   
  
 
  

‘It was now growing dark, and Mr. Skinner
’ Iixhted the lamp. Presently the supper bell rang
Vgnd he excused himself. Half an hour passed
. away, and then the farmer appeared with a
tray, followed by Simon, carrying a jug of milk.
~ He set the tray down on a table, motioned his
son to withdraw, which he did with some re-
ﬂluctance, and then he told Luckstone to help him-
 The Westemer was pretty sharp set by
-this time, as he_ had eaten nothing since morning,
;.'- so he accepted the invitation with alacrity and
' “lttacked the eatables forthwith. There was noth-

   
  
  

 

‘pitcher when, with a sigh of satisfaction, he
‘pushed his chair back from the desk, grabbed
another cigar and began to puff away at it with
Z : evident relish. At last Jacob Luckstone spoke.

 ; ‘It doesn’t look as if I could reach the village

 
 
  

“fin this downpour. What's the matter with let-
” f me bunk in your barn tonight?"
Skinner stopped in his restless walk and
ed his undesirable visitor in silence. There
a small disused two-story barn down_ near
Hie river. There was 8 considerable quantity of
Jay in the loft, and this would make a comfort-
’ e bed for a rough-and-ready person like Jacob
nckstone, who more times than he could remem-
 jhad slept in far worse quarters. Accord-
5%-iiltly, Hr. Skinner told his visitor where he had
5   to put him for the night. This arrange-
about was satisfactory to the Western man, so
¥“Z'¢]Ie farmer got an umbrella and escorted Luck-
 to the old barn and left him to turn in.
N  Mr. Skinner returned to the house he
 Simon in the library with a cigarette‘ in
 his mouth and his heels on one of the window-
dlls smoking away to beat the band. “
‘:- .i.».‘~‘»_Si1non," he exclaimed in an angry ton_e, what
ﬁes this mean? How dare you smoke cigarettes
_ Take your feet from that win-
 instantly."

*"l’m very comfortable as I am, dad,” replied
 in a tone that showed little respect for

ather.

  
 
  

A'__: _ r.

 

 

=4

     
  
  
     
    
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
 

‘haniaohe as anywhere else.

, ."Simonl" almost screamed Mr. Skinner.
_.'_‘Oh, you can't shut my mouth, dad," said his
 "independently. “I heard you admit that you
, George Melville and then gobbed him of
money belt containing $20,000.
r. Skinner regarded his son with a livid face,
1 Simon took no notice of his emotion.
‘Jacob Luckstone caught you at the trick and
_ had to give him $5,000 to buy him off. Now
’§,'back‘after more, and you've agreed to_give
$2,500. You seem to be in a nice pickle,
~ -»-- if you aren’t."
w—_—did—you—learn—all—that?” _
. Skinner. .
did I learn it?" snickered Simon. “Why,

orgy

 

gasped

  
  
 

, at window yonder, and I
'” ’ .that passed between you

sh

 

 

     

-  left but the dirty dishes and empty milk,

"1'

i-~  , , DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

“And I think this is as good a place

'\ - ~ ,._«:

5

and sank into his chair at the desk with a heart-
broken moan. '

CHAPTER V.—The Turning Point of a Life.

Finally Mr. Skinner took his hands from his
face and regarded the boy with a look of mute
supplication.

“Simon,” he said, in a broken tone, “promise
me you’ll never breathe a word of what you have
heard this afternoon. Promise me that. You
wouldn't ruin your father, would you?” -

“Oh, 'I won't say a word,” replied the boy,
with a grin. “But you mustn’t boss me about
any more."

‘Thus speaking, Simon walked out of the
library, leaving his father alone with his
thoughts.

“This is certainly a ﬁerce night," said Will
Melville, sitting up in his bed in the loft of the
new barn, a hundred feet back of the farm-
house.

Usually he slept like a top from the moment
he laid his head upon his pillow until ‘the small
alarm clock_ standing on a nearby shelf woke him
up at .ﬁve in the morning. On ‘this occasion the
roar of the storm, which rocked the barn to its
brick foundations, invaded his dreams, and ﬁnal-
ly the banging of a loosened shutter near the
head of the bed startled him into wakefulness.

“'l'_.‘he river and the creek must be awful high
to-night,” he muttered, as he hopped out of bed,
went to the window and tried to peer through
the panes. “I wonder if my boat is safe?”

The dilapidated sailboat which he had tied up ’

as usual in the creek late that afternoon, at the
time he was addressed by Jacob Luckstone, and
in which he had just then returned from May-
wood with certain supplies he had obtained at
the general store where the Skinner family trad-
ed, was Will's only possession on earth, and he
thought a heap of _ it in consequence. After
watching the splashing of the rain against the
glass for a few minutes, Will struck a match
and looked'at the clock. .It was just on the
stroke of midnight. The boy took another anx-
ious glance out into the night and then returned
to bed. But he could not get to sleep again,
strive as he would. A spring storm like the one
now in progress was always dreaded by the
inhabitants of the Arlington Valley, especiall
when it followed a week of almost steady «ra ,
as this one did. As the moments ﬂew away the
storm seemed rather to increase than diminish,
and in like proportion Will’s"anxiety for the
safety of his little sailboat increased.

_“No use talking, I simply can't go to sleep with
this thing on my mind," he said at last, sitting
bolt upright again. “I've a great mind to dress
and go down to the creek. That old rubber horse
blanket will keep me dry enough. I must make
sure of my boat. If I should lose that I wouldn’t
be able to get its mate in a hurry, and about all
the pleasure I have in life I get out of it.”

So Will jumped out of bed again, hurriedly
dressed himself, and, taking the rubber horse

cloth from its peg on the wall, ran lightly down- .
“ stairs. Wrapping the waterproof as snugly about ‘

   

 

   

  
  

 

  Bndhis ‘

 

6

the night and storm, through a small rear door
of the barn. He expected to be back in a very
short time, just as soon as he had hauled his
boat up to the head of the creek, and secuﬁd
her to a stout tree standing near the edge of e
bank. Fate, however, decreed that it would be
many a day before Will Melville saw the Skinner
barn again.

CHAPTER VI.———Saved by a Hair.

The short cut Will took to reach the creek car-
ried him past the old disused barn where Jacob
Luckstone had for some hours been sleeping as
peacefully as a child. There was no thought of
any danger threatening him that night on the
Westerner’s mind. If the idea had occurred to
him he would have laughed it down contemptu-
ously. As Will was about to pass the old barn
his watchful eye caught the gleam of a shaft of
light through a crack in the door. He stopped
short and gazed in wonder at the building.

“I'll take a squint and see who is in there,
anyway. If it is a tramp, and he is smoking,
I'll have to warn him against the danger of set-
ting ﬁre to the old tinder-box."

Will therefore marched up to the door and
peered through a knothole which furnished an
uninterrupted view of the «around ﬂoor. In the
middle of the ﬂoor stood a lighted lantern, while
some person, whom the boy did not immediately
recognize, was piling up the drv straw thickly

V about the foot of the rough ladder which led to

the loft. Great wads of straw had also been
heaped upon each step of the stairs.. As the
man inside turned to gather another huge arm-
ful of the straw from a pile in one end of the

,place, the light of the lantern ﬂashed full upon

his ghastly countenance. Will started back in
consternation. The face he saw was the face
of Amos Skinner.

“Great Scott!” cried Will. “Why is he about
to destroy this old barn on such a night and at
such an hour? There are a couple of tons of
good hay in the loft, too. It isn't at all like Mr.
Skinner to sacriﬁce even a small bit of his prop-
erty. Why, I've known him to go wild when a
short afternoon rain slightly damaged the top
of a single haymow. I can‘t understand this at
all. It can't be that he’s walking in his sleep
and doesn’t realize what he is doing.”

In some excitement Will kept his eye glued to
the knot-hole and watched the incendiary prepar-
ations of the owner of ‘the barn. Mr. Skinner
seemed to walk about on his tiotoes, as if fear-
ful of making any sound on the board ﬂooring.
He continued to heap the straw about the ladder
until he had a thick pile as high as his head.

“He seems determined to make a sure thing of
it at any rate.” breathed Will. “Well, it's his
funeral, not mine. If he wants to burn the
barn down he has a perfect right to do so if
he sees ﬁt, for nobody will suffer but himself."

How different would the boy’s thoughts have

" been if he could have looked into the loft above

‘at that moment He would have seen a strong
man, in the full ﬂush of health. fast asleep on

. the hay, utterly unconscious of the fate in store
bovinlfheart ’would,\h3‘v'e,  trunk

 
 

 

gig w_i_t_h;l1errm-. WilI.»however._ tqggotill

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

 

 

the object which had called him from his bed at
that late hour in the interest that Mr. Skinner’:
ominous preparations had excited in his mind. .
If ‘there was going to be a bonfue he wanted to ;
see it, too, now that he was oh the scene. ‘ _’
Mr. Skinner scattered the balance of the straw.
about the ﬂoor and then took up his lantern. Ho ‘
opened the slide and took out the candid. Will‘
wondered at the ghastly look which rested on the‘
farmer's features. Then Mr. Skinner applied the -_
candle ﬂame to the straw in dilferent places. ‘It ,
took ﬁre instantly. and the ﬂames spread with.
great rapidity, curling up the ladder in red’
tongues which ignited the batches of straw fur-‘Q
ther up. Will thought it was time for him to .
get out of range. and he hurriedlv jumped be—;
hind a big oak tree whichthrew one of its great“
branches above the old doomed barn. Mr, Skin- '
ner came ‘rushing out as though the fire ﬁend~'
himself was at his heels. and he threw the door“
wide open ‘in order to create a huge draft. ‘ ‘
_“Now, Jacob Luckstone. we’ll see who is tbo=
winner——you _or I? In a few minutes the  ‘
and myself W111 both be well rid of vou forever.-—-' ,
forever, do you hear?” he screamed. “It is a
thousand pities you have $200 of my good money j
in your clothes at this moment. It has got to go. ,
but at least I have the satisfaction of knowing 4
that you will go with it. May you wake up in,-
perdition, blame you!” . ‘ ,
_For the third time Mr. Skinner shook his hand ‘i
afthe loft and then he melted away in the direc- ~
tion of his house. Will had heard every word he» 7
luttered, and they seemed incomprehensible to »
im. . <
“One would think there was some enemy in -
that building he was trying to destroy," breathed ,
the boy. “What could he mean by saying, ‘Now, 9
Jacob Luckstone, we’ll see who is the winner?" ,
thought Will, watching the sea of ﬁre which ow 3.
had full swing in the lowe ﬂoor. “Who is aeobr
Luckstone? There’s no su person in this nei¢b- Q
borhood, I'll swear." j
Hardly were the words out of his month before ~:
he heard 9. terrible cry for help-—and the cry"
surely came from.the loft oi the doomed barn. ‘ '
“Great heavens!” cried Will. “That was a 1111- 
man cry. It sounded from in there, too. VVhat 3
can it mean?” ‘ ‘A 1
“Help, help, for the love of heaven!" came in 3'
tones of strong anguish through the opening. H ;—
.“My goodness! There is some one up there. V
His only chance to escape is to burst open that 1
closed wooden shutter above. Why doesn't he "
do it?" '  "
The screams of the imprisoned man now gnu
agonizing. ’ He pounded frantically on the'wal,l.|}
and on the closed window shutter, butvhe did not
seem to know how to open the latter from, i_
within. - ‘
“Help! Help! I am burning to death!
in heaven’; rliamel" _ — r
“ must e p him somehow,” cried Wil 
the rubber,covering from him. “It musthbe soup‘ 
cannot‘

tramp who went up there to sleep; but I '
How shall i reach mmzénhﬁ

see even a tramp perish without lending
In a _moine'nt Will"was*ahinn' 

 
   
   
   
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
  

helping hand.
the tree!’
of. the .s'x.'eat oak. ..Neve..
climbed]: Etna with':t‘u'ter"iuead Iii
, - Is‘. ‘ ~, ~ V’

 

   
  

  

     
   
   

»-‘But now he had reason for speed, for a human
life was in dire peril. He swung himself out on
the limb which extended above the roof of the
_ . Dropping down on the wet and slippery
,_. roof, he crawled up until he was_above the closed

»‘shutter of the loft. Letting himself down till
3' his feet were in a suitable position, he began to
kick away vigorously at the shutter. The man
’in.side heard him and rushing up to it cried:
 “Save me! For heaven's sake, save me! The
‘ "ﬁre'h'as reached the ‘loft.- I am nearly suffo-

..‘«

l . ‘bated.’

“Turn the bar that holds it, and push the win-_

dow open.’
' -,= Luekstone fumbled about through the smoke
l-which was choking him, grasped the wooden bar
and tried to turn it. It was stiﬂ’, however, from
 ' disuse and resisted his efforts. He tugged fran-
~.‘ " tically at it, his breast heaving, and the perspira-
'E tlon standing out on his forehead in great drops.
 ' “I can't get it open," he groaned.
“You must get it open,” cried Will. “Your
- life depends on it. It is your only way of

 

   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   

escape)?
- Inside Luckstone continued his desperate ﬁght
‘for life. His efforts, however, were each moment
' weaker.
‘-"I’m dying!" he groaned, as he gave a last
wrench to the bar just as Will administered a
heavy kick from the outside.
g The bar came loose, revolved and Luckstone
fwrith a gasp fell against it, forcing it partly open.
. Will kicked it entirely open.
 “Now jump out,” he cried, preparing to fol-
‘ glow himself. V
' V Luckstone was beyond the effort. He lay gasp-
ing in the opening, his dazed eyes turned up
'8 at the brave boy, clinging to .the roof above,
while the ﬁre, now at his feet, was catching the
edges of his,trousers. Will looking down, saw
 it was with him. He saw he would have
x ‘to help the man out or he would be lost. So he
_. letiliimself down into the window with the help
.. if the shutters. . Straddling the sill, he exerted
"all his strength and pulled and pushed the man
'  of the window. Luckstone fell all in a heap
with water-soaked grass below. Then, _as
sprang after him, the ﬂames followed _him

 

 

 

 

f Eh the window and shot up through the
idof, 'ghting up the vicinity for a hundred feet
ground. ’ ' ’ l

“(ll-IAPTER VII.—What Jacob Luckstone Told
2 I Will Melville.

3A: soon as Will alighted on the ground he
leiiedluckstone by the arms and drew the half
. ﬁneonscious man away from the bumin barn
«A E‘ cowshed near at hand. By the gare of
  Will recognised, greatly to his surprise,
’ __ man who had accosted hiln at the creek that
‘ -v moon. Luckstone also realized that he was
for his life to Will Melville, the son
._ man Hr. Skinner had so basely treated out
3!}; ripple Creek, and to which crime he himself
' . - 10. all intents and purposes an accomplice.

  
 
  
  
  
    
  
 

.4: ‘I

 

‘ ._  have saved my life, Melville,” he said,
V “,j,-IlaIky¢>_ice, eetehin the boy's wet hand in
o ” ' , __g.it_war y. “I don't deservethis

   

 

  

. ..I’.~sI mirhtr dad 

    

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST _7

you came to my assistance. Another minute and
it would have been all over with me. I can't un-
derstand had the place caught aflre. Skinner will
be sure to blame it all on me in the morning.
He’ll say I was smoking, and that I dropped a
lighted match in the hay.”

“How can he blame you, sir? He couldn't have
known you were in the building.”

“Couldn't have know it. Why, of course he
knew it. Didn’t he bring me here himself, so I
could pass the night in the loft, as it was im-
possible for me to walk to the village in this
storm?”

“Mr. Skinner brought you here to sleep in
the loft of that barn?" cried Will, in the utmost
astonishment.

“He certainly did." ‘

_ Suddenly Will recalled the strange, threaten-
ing words uttered by’ the farmer when he stood
for a moment in front of the barn he had just
ﬁred. Those words—at least the few the boy
could recollect—-were to this effect:

“Now, Jacob Luckstone, we'll see who is the‘

winner—you or I? In a _few minutes the earth
and myself will -both be rid of you forever."
Those words were certainly signiﬁcant of a
deadly purpose. Was this man's name Jacob
Luckstone? If he was, then the picture looked
very black against Mr. Skinner." Will determined
to see what light this man could throw on the
matter.
“Is your name Jacob Luckstone?” he said,
rather abruptly.
:It is,” admitted the Westerner.
-You are acquainted with Mr. Skinner?"
“I am."
“He brought
say?"
“Yes.”
:Do you regard Mr. Skinner as a friend?"
“We”. hardly that,” chuckled Luckstone. ,
Have you any reason to suspect that he ‘would
want to. injure you‘!".
“Why do you aik th t t' , Ml ‘ll ?"
the Westerner askell, cle:rlyq:f:£su}t(lield. e W e
_ For the best of reasons, Mr. Luckstone," re-
plied Will, gravely. »
“What are your reasons?”
yo;I,t" you will answer my question I will tell
“Well. I haven't the least fear-that Skinner
W°l11d tr)’ ‘#0 injure me—he’s too much of C
coward for that; but I'll tell you frankly that I
believe he would  the news of my death with
8 Rreat deal of satisfaction.”

You to that barn to sleep, you

“I'm afraid, Mr. Luckstone, that you under- ‘

estim te M . Ski ’ f ‘t
.53. g... ..:. ...:"::*.°.:>*'.‘:::;..:,' .:....'.“**..'*.:
o it.”

“You saw Skinner set ﬁre to that barn? You
actually saw him do that?" asked Luckstone,
hardly helievinz the evidence of his ears.

“:1 did. Listen and I will tell you the whole
3 ry.

Will then told Luckstone what he had seen of
Mr. _Skinne_r’s actions in the old barn which
culminated ln-his setting tire to the building. The
man from the West uttered an angry oath wha

the boy hadﬁnished his storg. _ y
A “The sneak scoundrel!” e ejaculated “So It 5:
heniennt  rue eupgfoixgeodl .1. mpg‘: 3‘

  

   
     
   

 ' 8

 

thing to him for this! Thou ht he'd save that
82,300 balance, did he? Well, ’II have no mercy
on him now. I’ll ruin the villain and send hi

to prison if there’s law and justice in this land.
Even if it costs me my own fredom to do it.
Will Melville, you saved me from becoming a vic-
tim to that rascal’s perﬁdy. I mean to show my
gratitude by seeing that you get your rights.”

“Get my rights! What do you mean?” asked
the surprised boy.

‘You shall know to-marrow. You shall hear
the whole truth.”

“The whole truth about what?”‘

“About the wrong that man did your father
out in Cripple Creek." '

Will uttered a gasp of surprise.

“Explain what you mean, Mr. Luckstone,”
cried the boy, grasping the man eagerly by the
arm. “What do you know about my father?”

“I won't tell you now. All I will say at pres-
ent is that your father’s death lies directly at
Amos Skinner’s door, and that much of that
man’s prosperity was built upon the money that
rightfully belonged to your mother and yourself.
Skinner has deeply wronged you, boy, and I am
sorry to say that I abetted in the transaction for
the sake of the money I gained by so doing. But
that wrong must now be righted. Skinner shall
be made to disgorge. He shall be brought to
book for your father’s death, and for his attmept
on my life to-night. You are my witness for
the latter, I will be your witness for the former.
Between us, my lad, we will put the villain
through."

“Do you really mean that Mr. Skinner was re-
sponsiilgle’ for my father's death?”

“I .

“And yet I always understood he was my fa-
ther's friend."

“He was a false, treacherous friend.
father trusted him and was betrayed.”

“I can hardly realize that what you accuse Mr.
Skinner of is the truth,” said Will, in a troubled
voice. _

“Haven’t your own eyes shownryou to-night
what Amos Skinneris capable of?» Did you not
see him go to work with the utmost deliberation

Your

' to murder me?”

“Yes,” admitted the boy. -

“I am the only witness who can bring him to
book for the crime against your father. I am
a dangerous man to his interests. I have him
hard and fast under my thumb. For these rea-
sons he naturally wanted to sweep me from his
path. He has failed, thanks to you. It was a
lucky thing for both of us that you happened to
be on hand to defeat his purpose. From this
hour I will sink my own interests in yours. 1
will no longer use my power over that rascal for
my own" gain, but I will exert all my eﬁorts to see
that your father is avenzed. and that you shall
receive what is justly yours."

’ “Do you‘ mean to assert that Mr. Skinner de-

' frauded my father of his money. too?”

'“I mean to say in the plainest of words that
he deliberately robbed your father of his share
d’ the money received from the sale of the Ram-
tow. Claim, the sum of $20,000.”

“Twenty thousand dollars!” =
.'Ah, $20,000!" ‘ _« .

A

  

DOING HIS AT LEVEL BEST

“Because I caught him in the act of doing it.“'

“You did. And vou never .

“Brought him to account for it? No, I.now
regret to. say that I did not. Instead of doing

that I accepted $5,000 of that money as the price . ll

of mv silence."
“You did?”
“I did.”

Will, regarded Jacob Luckstone with a look of _,

aversion. _
“If all you say is true, you are almost as

guilty as Mr. Skinner.”

“I do not deny it; but your father was al-
most a stranger to me, and I did not have any
part in the plot against him.”

“Have I your word for this?"

“You have.”

“Do you know how my father met his death?
“'35 he pushed over a precipice?”

“No. Skinner drugged him with a dose of
chloral. He asserted that he id not actually
mean to kill him—merely intend to stupefy his
victim so he could rob him of his money with
safety. But I have only his word for this.”

“Mother told me that my father was found
mangled at the foot of a precipice. Mr. Skinner
told her that in his opinion some desperadoes
must have learned that ‘my father carried his

money around his person in a belt: that he be-_ "

lieved they lured him to that lonesome spot,
attacked and robbed him, and then threw his
body down the mountain to zet rid of it. He
identiﬁed my father’s corpse by his clothes."
“A man resembling your father in build and-
dress was found as you have described and buried‘
in his name after Skinner’s evidence was taken;
but it may not have been your father just the
same.” ‘ » -
“May not! Then you have no idea what he-
came of my father after he was ” »
“Drugged by Skinner!”
Luckstone regarded the boy with a curious'ex-
pression for a moment. ‘
“Boy. You shall know the tr°uth.
took'your father in his unconscious condition to
my cabin. He was apparently all but dead", 
I agreed to bury him secretlv as soon as v he
breath had left his body. Your father, however.
did not die!” ‘
“Did not die l” exclaimed Will. in a tense tone._
“No. He came to himself on the following day,’

but his mind was gone from the effects of the V 

overdose of poison he had received. How long
he would remain in that condition I could not
tell, but that he would not die seemed certain.

This placed me in a quandary. His ultimate re- ,

covery would spoil my future plans with regard
to Skinner, whom I meant to bleed if I should
ever need money.‘ Yet I could not bring myself
to complete that rascal’s villainy. I had already

Listen! I . “

. V .
‘tn .si.-..’.s‘uv~.—.r.';h-.  ..='»,eu. x..-.1.x§.L:.~uia...:.»;'s.: .; u‘ ».I aim.‘ ' ‘

  

  

. x.':.'*.' .v_.‘;.. riaﬁv. at “.51..

 
 

decided to go to Mexico with mv $5,000. I went  ‘l
but I took your father with me, for he was as ._i L,

docile as a child.”

“You took my father to Mexico!” .
‘I did. He recovered his health, though hi;
mind remained a complete blank as to the past.’
“And where is my father to-day?’ cried Will,
R‘;

with feverish, eagerness. “Is he still———"
“Alive? es. and in excellent health. 
Skinner must never kltoy the truth. He 
      as

      

 

 ht that moment a terrible roar sounded up the
’_’ valley. The dam had’given way at last!

 CHAP/TER VIII.-—The Flood.

. ‘What's that?" exclaimed Jacob Luckstone,
pausing in his last speech and gripping Will by
arm.

The storm was still at its height, while the
Ire had so far subsided that the rain was heat-
ing the last of it into a mass of blackening em-
bars. The boy held his breath and listened. He
could hear a mile or more away what seemed to
his excited fancy the onward rush of a great
body of water. If this was the truth then the big
dam had given way and Arlington Valley would

- soon be ﬂooded from end to end.
“The dam,” he said in a hoarse whisper at

“What dam‘! What are you talking about?”
asked the Westerner. impatiently.
“The dam above the village I fear has given
way.”
“Well, s’pose it has? We're not in any danger,
are we?"
“We should be swept off our feet by the ﬂood
_ and roba-blv drowned."
; ‘T let's get somewhere else.”
'1‘ _ "We’ll go to my boat in the creek.
.1 , attend to it, anyway.”
‘I'm’ with you,” said Luckstone.
 ‘ They set out at once for the creek, only a
I. . abort distance away. Will found his sailboat all
;" right, though the creek had risen more than a
 since he was there that afternoon.

‘Get into the cuddy.’ he said to his companion.
I , "HI follow you as soon as I hitch the boat higher
Q I ll -
;;T_ ~ pWill released the boat's painter and pulled the
5'1‘ little up to the head of the creek, where
‘ ‘be fastened the line to a stout tree close to the
_ edge of the bank, now scarcely a foot above the
.'vater line. . Then he jumped on board and hast-
ened under cover. It was but the work of a few
ﬂlments to feel for matches. which he always
jnpt in a certain place and light the lantern at
~-ﬁe forward end of the cuddy. This gave a
-iright illumination to the interior. From under
ane of the lockers he ‘produced a red. papier—
—”l_Iache bucket and placed it in the center of the
minor. Taking oﬂ’ his jacket he began to squeeze
‘—  superﬂuous moisture into it. and advised his
companion to do the same.
a‘—"l‘his isn't a bad place to spend the balance of
the night," remarked Luckstone, looking about
 coz'y cuddy. “W hose boat is it, Skinner's?”
4,’ . -“No, it's mine,f' replied Will. as he hung his
-’ jfeket up to dry\ “Not much to brag of, I'll
ff-_. admit, but still it's all mine-the only thing I
 owned." r
'.7*-.;: As the boy’ spoke the sailboat, which had been
 ' uneasily at her moorings, rose up sud-
; . y, as if propelled into the air from under-
 Then she shot backward. as far as her’
~ - r w let her go. and fetched up with a
 that sen both Will and Luckstone sprawling
, a heap on the ﬂoor. The shock caused the line
snap short of! close aboard. and when the boy
«his companion picked ‘themselves up both

\

I want to

 

 

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  

     
     
  
 
 
 

 

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST ’ 9

realized that the boat was adrift. Will rushed
to the slide, or cuddy door, which he had almost
shut to keep out the rain, shoved it open and
looked out. Clearly the little craft was moving
810118 119011 the surface of a body of water at a
Sm?-1'3 pace. Will unshipbed the lantern and
raised it at arm's length outside the cuddy. By
its glow the boy could see an agitated mass of
water on both sides. He was now sure that the
dim! had given way. for nothing but a heavy on-
rush of water from above the village could have
overﬂowed the creek and tom the sailboat from
he? 3nCh0!'8%'e. sendinz her drifting down the
valley at the mercv of the stream. The rain was
still coming down in torrents. driven hither and
thither by the blast. and the night was so dark
that Will had no idea of the extent of the
ﬂood. It was useless for him to think of taking

measures to guide the craft, so he could not see‘

a yard one way or the other.

“We'll have to take our chancesof fetching up
against any obstruction that happens to get in
our way,” he said to Luckstone, as he retuined
the lantern to its hook. “It is simply a matter of
blind luck with us now. I can't tell whether
we're on the river at this moment or‘ are moving
over the body of the valley. If the former, we're
COMP?-1'3l5iVelY Safe; if the latter, we're liable at
any moment to butt up against a uilding oi-
some kind of a tree, or, in fact, any old thing
in “ﬁr mag." '

.0m ewayvou utitt °v
over-cheerful." said Lucn ne. he prospect ‘mt

“No. it isn't," replied Will.

“Then that dam vou spoke about has really
gone to pieces?”

“There isn't much doubt about it.”

“Ever happen before?"

“givaliiny times."

“ y don t they make the dam str
to hold back the water?” on‘ enough

“Th°Y’V° been Sttenﬁthehink it for years, but
somehow the water manages to get the better of
the situation. This, however, is the ﬁrst break
in three Years. It has been the general opinion
this spring that there wouldn't be any more
ﬂoods—-that the valley was safe at last; but just
the same we're up against it again. Lots of
damage will be done before the waters subside ”

“That is generally the case with ﬂoods. If we
doglt) meet with an ” —

struction, he was in to '

that moment the boat 3; iﬁito s<s>:iyd ii:-.ti:i:§to§f
J'ec_t, and the words were choked back down his
throat. No damage was done, however. For a
while the boat ﬂoated on down the submerged
valley as before, then with a slight shock she
came to a stop. ‘Will went to the cuddy door
again and looked out. At first he could see noth-
"18 but the opaque darkness around, then he
made out the shivering branches of a big tree in
which the mast had caught.

“We're anchored in a tree.‘ he said to his mm.
panion over his shoulder.

“Will it hold the boat against the tide?’ asked ,

Luckstone.
“That is rather doubtful."
“Have you
trunk?” —
“Yes, I've a spare line." replied Will. “I'll
make the boat secure if I can.’ .

s

a rope aboard to make fast to i

 

  

10 DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

“I'll help you,” saw the Westerner.

Between them they succeeded in securing the
sailboat to the trunk of the tree. so that if the
ﬂood swung her loose from the branches, as it
was very likely to do in time, they would still
swing at anchor.

“This is safer than being swept along at the
mercy of the water,” said the boy after the job
had been completed. “We shan’t run into any-
thing now and be upset.”

“But something may run into us, just as we
ran into the tree, and send us to the bottom.”

“That’s true.” answered Will: “but in that

' case we can climb into the tree, which is pretty

solid’, I guess." ,
Removing their soaked garments and wrap;
' ping themselves in a blanket apiece, which Will
had in a locker, they reclined upon the ﬂoor near
each other. The rain still beat down on the top
of the little cabin with unabated vigor, the driv-
ing blast whistled through the limbs of the
tree, and the light boat bobbed up and down on
. the uneasy surface of the water. As the ex-
citement of their situation somewhat subsided,
Will was eager to talk about his father in far-
away Mexico, but Luckstone said he was tired
and wanted to get a little more rest if he could.
The boy was greatly disappointed, but as the man
wouldn't talk he had to submit for the present.
It wasn't long before Luckstone dropped off to
sleep, and though Will, conscious of the danger
of their position, tried to keep his eyes open, he,
too, yielded to the inﬂuence of the drowsy god.
Fortunately nothing happened to imperil the
'. sailboat during the remaining hours of darkness,

and the sleepers were not disturbed.

CHAPTER IX.—A Rescue and a Wreck.

*' Morning broke at last over the Arlington Val-
-'j» ' ley. What a change had taken place there since
the preceding day. The narrow Maple River,
which wound down from the northern to the
southern end of the valley, had expanded into
an inland sea, covering every bit of the low
2.» ground in sight. The same old scenes of ruin
‘. and chaos which had accompanied the former
ﬂoods were repeated. The ground floors of a
score or, more of farmhouses were more or less
submerged, while the smaller‘ outbuildings, not
so’ securely ﬁxed to the earth, had become dis-
lodged and ﬂoated away with the current. Barns
rose out of the water here and there, like Noah's
.Arks aground, and small orchards showed only
their bare branches above the surface. The vil-
lage of Maywood, being largely built on higher
ground, escaped the worst features of the ﬂood,
the cellars only being ﬂooded and the streets
awash. The storm had partially subsided when
Will woke up and went to the door of the cuddy
to look out. .
It was still raining hard, and the wind was
Iliving the branches of the tree to which the
‘ .~~ sailboat was «tied; Dark and sullen clouds hung
,low in the heavens, and the prospect of the
./ weather changing for the better was not en-
couraging. .Still the light of ‘day had banished
thhewireater. terror of darkness and uncertainty
jw ,_' .I§ad-tortured the inhabitants-of thevalley

 

 
 
  

.3

     

 
 
  

.,d0.z’en yards -off. sweepins away fynfﬂng  4

since the ﬂood first came upon them like a thief
in the night. Will got into his half—dried clothes ~
as quickly as he could, and by that time Jacob,‘ -'7
Luckstone woke up and proceeded to do likewise.

“How’s things this morning?”

“Pretty ﬁerce,” replied Will. “The valley is
almost wholly ﬂooded. I don’t think it was ever_
worse.”

“Whew! What a change in a night!'', ex-
claimed the Westerner when he looked out on -
the landscape himself. “The village, as near as
I can make out, seems to be all right.”

“Yes. It is on high ground.”

“A lucky thing for the inhabitants.
has risen to their doors, however.
Skinner’s place from here?”.

“No. It’s around yonder line of trees.”

“I s’oose he’s ﬂooded out with the rest.”

“The ﬁelds are under water to some extent,
and his cellar is full up, I guess; but he will 
suffer less than the majority, owing to the lay \
of his land.”

“What are we going to do?” '

“Get up sail and make for Maywood.”

“All right. I’ll help you all I can. We seem
to be in for another ducking, for it’s still raining
good and hard.” ' _

Will led the way outside, and Luckstone helped ‘-
him take the stops off the sail. After that they “
cut loose from the tree and raised the sail witlr ‘
a couple of reefs in it. Hardly had they got un-
derway before Will caught sight of a woman
waving a handkerchief at them_from one of this -
lower windows of a partially submerged house. -'
He could also see a child's face peeping out‘
above the window-sill. The building was about A
quarter of a mile away, and seemed in imminen5
danger of collapsing, for it rocked visibly every 
time the wind swooped down upon it. - .
_ “My gracious_! Look yonder," said Will, call- 7:
ing his compan1on’s attention to the house and,‘
its two occupants. “We'll have to go to their 9'
rescue.” , -  _

He headed the boat across the stretch of in- “
tervemng water. ~ , »,

“That building looks as if it was just about "
to go aﬂoat,” said Luckstone.‘ ’

“That’s what it does. And that's just what it -,e
will do very soon,” answered Will. “It’s lucky;
for them that we are close at hand." ~-‘_.’

The boy ran the sailboat as close as he could —‘
to the window, which was not more than a foot?’
above the water, and, handing the helm over 
Luckstone, he grabbed the window-sill with both --
hands and drew the craft close against the house.'.3

“Now step in. madam.” he said to the woman‘. . ~;

“I can’t,” she replied. “I am’ crippled. You "

will have to assist me."

.“All right,” replied Will. “I'll take the little.
girl ﬁrst.” . ' ~ -’

- He put out one leg to straddle the sill when 8'7
sudden gust of wind tore down on the h ‘
wrenched the boat from under him and left

    
   
  
    
    
  
  
   
    
   

The river ‘
Can you see

:._

  

’ up to his‘ waist in the ﬂood, clinging to the "0"

dow. .. «
“Look out,” he cried to the woman.- “fveﬁ
to scramble in.” ‘  13
He performed this maneuver with the agilﬁj‘ 1’
of a monkey and straddled the window-sill. The; ‘
he lookedaround for the boat and  

 

  
    

   

 

   
      

DOING HIS_LEVEL BEST

-thing‘ to him for this! Thou ht he’d save -‘that —“Because I caught him in the act of doing it,’
$2,300 balance, did be? Well, ’ll have no mercy “You did. And vou never ” . l I
on himr now. I'll ruin the villain and send hi “Brought him to account for it? No, Lam:
to prison if there’s law and justice in this land. regret to. say that I did not. Instead of doing
Even. if it costs me my own fredom to do _1t. that I accepted $5,000 of that money as the price‘
" Will Melville, you saved me from becoming a vic- of my silence.”
tim to that rascal’s perﬁdy. I mean to show my “You did?”

   
         
   
     

  

   
   
         
     
     
          
        
   
 
       
     
        
  

  
  

gratitude by seeing that you get your rights.” “I did.” 
~ “Get my rights! What do you mean?” asked Will, regarded Jacob Luckstone with a look ,0!
surprised boy. aversion. _ _‘

“You shall know to—morrow. You shall hear “If all you say is true, you are almost as‘;
thewhole truth.” guilty as Mr. Skinner.” ',
“The whole truth about what?”"' . “I do not deny it; but your father was al-.
“About the Wrong that man did y0l1I‘ fathel‘ most a stranger to me, and I did not have any’
out in Cripple Creek-” ‘ part in the plot against him.” 1‘
Will uttered a gasp of surprise. . “Have I your word for this?”
“Explain what you mean, Mr. Luckstone,” “You have,”
cried the boy. grasping the man eagerly by the “Do you know how my father met his death
arm. “What do F011 k110W 8b0l1'¢ my father?" Was he pushed over a precipice?”
“I W01”? tell You now. -All I will Say 815 Pres‘ “No. Skinner drugged him with a dose

eat is that your fathefszdeath lies directly at chloral, He asserted that he id not actuglly

. Amos. Skinner's door, and that much of that mean to kin him__merely intend to stupefy h‘
,..m8n’S P!‘03P€1'ity W38 built “P011 the m°ney‘th3i victim so he could rob him of his money with”
rightfully belonged to your mother and yourself. safety. But I have only his word for this." I "
Skinner has deeply wronged you, boy, and I am “Mother told me that my father was found
~ FDFTY ‘i0 say that I abetted in the l5¥'3n59;ct1°n 101' mangled at the foot of a precipice. Mr. Skinner;
 the sake of the money I gained by 80 d0mE- But told her that in his opinion some desperadeesﬂ
J that wronzymust now be rizhtei Skinner shall must have learned that ‘my father carried h’ k
 be made to diS80l'39- He 811811 be l’{1‘0llZhl3 '60 money around his person in a belt: that he ‘bavf’”
‘ book for your fathe1"S death» and £01‘ h1_S attmept lieved they lured him to that lonesome a11'l>’I.’;',-‘
V .011 my life t°“Di8ht- Y°“_ are my Witness f°1' attacked and robbed him, and then threw his‘
the latter. I will be your witness for the fo2_'me_r- body down the mountain to zet rid of it.‘ 
Ketween 118. my lad» W6 W111 D1115 the V1113"! identiﬁed my father's corpse by his clothes."
through.” 3 “A man resembling your father in build and?
. “D0 W11 Wally mean that M1'~ Skinner W35 1'9‘ dress was found as you have described and buried‘
. 319011551118 f0!‘ my father's death?” in his name after Skinner’s evidence was taken."
“I do.” ‘ » but it may not have been your father just 

_"And' yet I always understood he was my fa- same} K « I 1 I 5

ther’s friend.” “May not! Then you have no idea what bop.

  

     
  

  
    
 
 

      
    
  

    
      
  

    
  
      
    
     
 
    
    

  

   

 
 

 . ~' “H8 W38 8 folseu. t1‘éaChe!‘°11S fl‘i€T1d- Y0“? came ‘of my father after he was " . E 2
*  Iather trusted him and was betrayed.” “Dragged by ,Sl-Linner!” {
"‘I can hardly realize that what you accuse Mr. Luckstone regarded the boy with a curious‘,

skinner of is the truth,” said Will, in a troubled presgsion for a gllﬁmﬁgt. th t ~ th L; ;
twice, . . “« 03'. you s a _ ow e ru . isten.
'“l:Iaven't your own eyes showniyou to-night took‘your father in his unconscious condition —
what_Amos Skinner is capable of? Did_ you not my cabin. He was apparently all but dead,‘
 It-Le hnn go to ,work with the utmost deliberation II, aZtI1‘1ee}(1l :01  sec§etlv faihsoom gs
' ” ~ re e .

‘t°“n¥1'::g'eIad,:1eitted the b°y\ .. - V didanot die!” y out a er’ ow’
. “'1 am the only witness who‘ can bring_,him to ‘ :Did not diel” exclaimed Will. in a tense . W
book foluthe crime against your father. I am No_. He came to himself on the following 
,a: dangerous man to his interests. It have him but hls mmd was gone from the elfects.  ‘S
1 I 4,.nd~f;gt under my thumb. For these rea- overdose of poison he had received. How 
he naturally wanted to sweep me from his he would remain in that condition I could not.

   
     
   
  
 

  
  
   
      
     
     
   
     
  
   

  
  
  

~ 1:11. ‘He has failevztthanks to you. It was a tell‘, but that he would not die seemed" -- '*
 thing forboth of us that you happened‘ to This placed me in a quandary. “His ultim U
‘hogan hand to detest his purpose.‘ From this covery would spoil my future. plans with ‘ . ' ‘
hour I will esinkgzny own interests in yours. I to ‘Skinner, whom I meant to bleed If I 
 no longerusevmy power oyer that rascal for ever need money. Yet I could not laring ..
¢ain,~but I will exert all my elyorts to see to complete that ,rasc_al’s v_il1ainy. I had '
:"&ﬂlt,yB'lI1‘ father is avenged; and that you shall decided to go to Mexico wit my 85,000. I y
 whatlis justly yours.” , ‘ e. . but_ I took your father wit -Inge, forehe wad’
“ho. mean to assert that Mr. Skinner de- docile as a child)" s ' «
his money. too?" ‘;You took my father to Mexico!” . y
» _ I did. _He recovered his health, 
mmd remained a complete blaxilofas totlse”
“And where’ is my father to-day”’ enedk

with‘ fevgri’ 3 “Is he 3

e e. V e .

  
   

  
  
 
      
   

 
    

       

     

   
    

 At that moment a terrible roar sounded up the
valley. The dam had given way at last!

CHAPTER VIII.—The Flood.

I. ‘What's that?" exclaimed Jac_ob_ Luckstone,
.. puuing in his last speech and gripping Will by
u”l‘herms.torm was still at its height, while the
ire had so far subsided that the rain was beat-
ing the last of it into a mass of blackening em-
bars. The boy held his breath and listened. He
could hear a mile or more away what seemed to
his excited fancy the onward rush of a great
body of water. If this was the truth then the big
dun had given way and Arlington Valley would
soon be ﬂooded from end to end. _

“The dam," he said in»a hoarse whisper at

‘What dam? What are you talking about?"
_. , uked the Westerner. impatiently. _
“The dam above the village I fear has given
 "*17Ve]1, s'pose it has? We're not in any danger,
3- I’)! ‘
T . “We: should be swept off our feet by the ﬂood
f’*’_ and robablv drowned." ”
_ _ ' let's get somewhere else.
‘We'll go to my boat in the creek.
attend to it, anyWaY;"
I '_ “I’m‘ with you," said Luckstone.
They set out at once for the creek, only 8
ahort distance away. Will found his sailboat all
=9 right, though the creek had risen more than a
.. foot since he was there that afternoon.

‘ ' the uddy.” he said to his companion.
'I1’I.GlB¢ii:ll1:1?you gs soon as I hitch the boat higher
 ill released the boat's painter and pulled the
,-little craft up to_ the head of the creek, where

he fastened the line to a stout tree close to the
-edge of the bank, now scarcely a foot above the
Q water line. .Then he jumped on board and hast-
. ened under cover. It was but the _work of a few
_-,$ments to feel for matches, which he always
5; _kept in a certain place and light the lantern at
{the forward end of the cuddy. This Saved 8
jg-ﬁght illumination to the interior. From un_ er
E+ the lockers he produced a red- pamer-
one of _ _ th
 nnehe bucket and placed it in the center of e
': an-. Taking of his Jﬂclfet he began to _S<;3°§f.§
 supgfﬂutousd m;ili‘stur‘en:ento it. and advis is
3’-aulmanion o 0 e s .
"’  ‘-‘Th-is isn't a bad place to spend thekbalancteoog
,_,;i,ﬂ;g night,” remarked Luckstone, oo_ing ’a”u
?”‘tli'e eoa‘y cuddy. "Whose boat _is it, Skinner s. _
ﬁ.~._,“No, it's mine." replied Will. as he hunfg lliiﬁ
v,f,.ﬁket up to_dry\’ “Not much to brag :3 I

Hgdniit, bnetd still its all mine———the only t "18
.1 .79 I
_ Asﬁgilboy’ spoke the sailboat, which had been
uneasily at her moorin2’S._ 1'059 UP Sud‘
y, as if propelled into the air from under-
th. Then she shot backward. as far as her
- r woul let her_go. and {etched up with 8
_ that seﬁ both Will and Luckstone sprawling
_ aheap on the floor. The shock caused the line
gap short oﬁ close~_ab0ai'd. and when the boy
i companion picked themselves up both

a

E
'.

I want to

  
     
  
 
  

0"

   
  
 

   

  

   
   
  
  
     
    
   
  

 

    DOING HIS LEVEL BEST‘ A 9

realized that the boat was adrift. Will rushed
to the slide, or cuddy door, which he had almost
shut to keep out the rain. shoved it open and
looked out. Clearly the little craft was moving
along upon the surface of a body of waiter at a
smart pace. Will unshipped the lantern and
raised it at arm's length outside the cuddy. By
its glow the boy could see an agitated mass of
water on both sides. He was now sure that the
dam had given way. for nothing but a heavy on-
rush of water from above the village could have
overﬂowed the creek and tom the sailboat from
her anchorage, sending her drifting down the
valley at the mercv of the stream. The rain was
still coming down in torrents. driven hither and
thither by the blast. and the night was so dark
that Will had no idea of the extent of the
ﬂood. It was useless for him to think of taking

measures to guide the craft, so he could not see ‘

a yard one way or the other.

“We'll have to take our chances of fetching up
against any obstruction that happens to get in
our way," he said to Luckstone, as he returned
the lantern to its hook. “It is simply a matter of
blind luck with us now. I can't tell whether
we're on the river at this moment or‘ are moving
over the body of the valley. If the former, we're
comparatively safe; if the latter, we're liable at
any moment to butt up against a uilding or
some kind of a tree, or, in fact, any old thing
in our road." '

.“From the way you put it the prospect isn’t
over-cheerful," said Luckstone.

“No, it isn't," replied Will.

“Then that dam vou spoke about has really
gone to pieces?”

“There isn't much doubt about it."

“Ever happen before?”

“Many times.”

“Why don’t they make the dam strong enough
to hold back the water?"

“They've been strengthening it for years, but
somehow the water manages to get the better of
the situation. This, however, is the first break
in three years. It has been the general opinion
this spring that there wouldn't be any more
lloods—that the valley was safe at last; but just
the same we're up against it again. Lots of
damage will be done before the waters subside.”

“That is generally the case with ﬂoods. If we
don’t meet with any—--” »

Obstruction, he was going to say, but just at
that moment the boat ran into some ﬂoating ob-
ject, and the words were choked back down his
throat. No damage was done, however. For a
while the boat ﬂoated on down the submerged
valley as before, then with a slight shock she
came to a stop. Will went to the cuddy door
again and looked out. At first he could see noth-
ing but the opaque darkness around. then he
made out the shivering branches of a big tree in
which the mast had caught.

“We're anchored in a tree.” he said to his com-
panion over his 5 ulder.

“Will it hold the boat against the tide?" asked .

Luckstone.

“That is rather doubtful.‘ . ,

“Have you a rope aboard tomake fast to ﬂie
trunk?” — _

“Yes, I’ve a spare line.” replied Will. “I'll
make the boat secure if I can.’ .

 

  

 
 

10 DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

“I'll help you,” said the Westemer.

Between them they succeeded’ in securing the
sailboat to the trunk of the tree. so that if the
ﬂood swung her loose from the branches, as it
was Very likely to do in time. they would still
swing at anchor.

“This is safer than being swept along at the
mercy of the water," said the boy after the job
had been completed. “We shan’t run into any-

"thing now and be upset."

“But something may run into us, just as we
ran into the tree, and send us to the bottom.”
“That’s true.” answered W-ill: “but in that

' case we can climb into the tree, which is pretty

solid’, I guess.” _ -

Removing their soaked garments and wrap:
ping themselves in a blanket apiece, which Will
had in a locker, thev reclined upon the ﬂoor near
each other. The rain still beat down on the top
of the little cabin with unabated vigor, the driv-
ing blast whistled through the limbs of the
tree, and the light boat bobbed up and down on
the uneasy surface of the water. As the ex-
citement of their situation somewhat subsided,
Will was eager to talk about his father in far-
away Mexico, but Luckstone said he was tired
and wanted to get a little more rest if he could.
The boy was greatly disappointed, but as the man
wouldn't talk he had to submit for the present.
It wasn’t long before Luckstone dropped off to
sleep, and though Will, conscious of the danger
of their position, tried to keep his eyes open, he,
too, yielded to the inﬂuence of the drowsy god.
Fortunately nothing happened to imperil the
sailboat during the remaining hours of darkness,
and the sleepers were not disturbed.

CHAPTER IX.—A Rescue and a Wreck.

Morning broke at last over the Arlington Val-
ley. What a change had taken place there since
the preceding day. The narrow Maple River,
which wound down from the northern to the
southern end of the valley, had expanded into
an inland sea, covering every bit of the low
ground in sight. The same old scenes of ruin
and chaos which had accompanied the former
ﬂoods were repeated. The ground ﬂoors of a
score or\ more of farmhouses were more or less
submerged, while the smaller’ outbuildings, not
so securely ﬁxed to the earth, had become dis-
lodged and ﬂoated away with the current. Barns
rose out of the water here and there, like Noah's

.Arks aground, and small orchards showed only

their bare branches above the surface. The vil-
lage of Maywood, being largely built on higher
ground, escaped the worst features of the ﬂood,
the cellars only being ﬂooded and the streets
awash. The storm had partially subsided when
Will woke up and went to the door of the cuddy
to look out. ,»

It was still rainixu hard, and the wind was
Iwiving the branches of the tree to which the

- sailboat was -tied. Dark and sullen clouds hung
 , low in the heavens, and the prospect of the
" .» .weather changing for the better was not en-

,coui-aging. .Still the light of day had banished
‘the_ “eaten terror of darkness and uncertainty
w

    

 tgrhlred the- inhabitants of the valley

      
 

‘dozen yards -oﬂ, aweepin

' -)u..r_i_.__ .1.

since the ﬂood ﬁrst came upon them like a thief
in the night. Will got into his half-dried clothes
as quickly as he could, and by that time Jacob.‘ )3
Luckstone woke up and proceeded to do likewise.

“How's things this morning?”

“Pretty ﬁerce,” replied Will. “The valley is
almost wholly ﬂooded. I don’t think it was ever,’
worse.” ~

“Whew! What a change in a night!" ex-
claimed the Westerner when he looked out on -V
the landscape himself. “The village, as near as '
I can make out, seems to be all right.” ~

“Yes. It is on high ground.” .

“A lucky thing for the inhabitants. The river
has risen to their doors, however. Can you see’ ‘
Skinner’s place from here?”g

“No. It’s around yonder line of trees."

“I s’oose he’s ﬂooded out with the rest.” ‘

“The ﬁelds are under water to some extent, '
and his cellar is full up, I guess; but he will *
suffer less than the majority, owing to the lay ._
of his land.” '

“What are we going to do?”

“Get up sail and make for Maywood." ~

“All right. I’ll help you all I can. We seem ’
to be in for another ducking, for it’s still raining .
good and hard.” ‘

Will led the way outside, and Luckstone helped ’
him take the stops off the sail. After that they 9
cut loose from the tree and raised the sail with’ 2
a couple of reefs in it. Hardly had they got un- 9,
derway before Will caught sight of a woman‘ .
waving a handkerchief at themvfrom one of tho—
lower windows of a partially submerged house.
He could also see a child’s face peeping out!-
above the window-sill. The building was about a '
quarter of a mile away, andseemed in imminent 9
danger of collapsing, for it rocked visibly enry ,~
time the wind swooped down upon it. ‘
_ “My gracious} Look yonder," said Will. call-‘
ing his companion’s attention to the house and, E
its two occupants. “We'll have to go to their
rescue.” ‘ - Q

He headed the boat across the stretch of in- K
tervening water. - f .

“That building looks as if it was just about —.
to go aﬂoat,” said Luckstone.‘ ‘ 1

“That’s what it does. And that’s just what it -'
will do very soon,” answered Will. “It’s lucky r
for them that we are close at hand.” »‘

The boy ran the sailboat as close as he could 
to the window, which was not more than a foot’ 
above the water, and, handing the helm over as 
Luckstone, he grabbed the window-sill with both '5
hands and drew the craft close against the house.’ 5-

“Now step in, madam,” he said to the woman.  M

“I can't,” she replied. “I am crippled. You‘
will have to assist me.” V

_“All right," replied Will. “I'll take the little ~‘”
girl first." - -Q,
~ He put out one leg to straddle the sill when I,
sudden gust of wind tore down on the house;
wrenched the boat from under him and left him; ,
Sp to his waist in the ﬂood, clinging to the who 
ow. ‘ - fr ~.
“Look out,” he cried to the woman. “I've  “
to scramble in.” 

He performed this maneuver with the agilﬂa :
of a monkey and straddled the window-sill. That‘ i‘
he looked" around for the boat and perceived it-jg
g away on\th_e__t_ide.  -»

 
  
  
   
     
   
   
 

   
  
 
 

C

 

  
  

         
       

   
   

jhouted to Luckstone to starboard the helm, but
ﬂie man from the West was all at sea in a sail-
boat. He didn't know the first thing about man-
aging one, and seemed to be as helpless in the
craft as an infant. '

’. mmi, in anxious tones.
.' ,“I’m afraid my companion doesn't under-
_ Itand howlto handle her,” he said. “My gracious!
She's over!” he cried, in some excitement.
' Another blast had pounced upon the sailboat
and capsized her, throwing Luckstone into the
He caught hold of the boom, however,

 

= . water.
and the last seen- of him and the boat, as they
were swept far down the stream, showed him to
-be in the same position, holding on for dear life.
._‘ ‘Oh, what shall we do?" cried the woman, in a

.‘

paroxysm of fear. “This house may tumble over
any moment, and we shall all be drowned.”

“I hope not, ma’am,” Will tried to reassure
-her. ‘It rocks some, but I think the storm is
blowing over.”

, The room was a complete ‘wreck. The lighter
,"' portions of the furniture were overturned and
*3 Vahnostentirelv covered by the water. The plaster
 the walls was cracked in a dozen spots, and
. one place a couple of square feet of it had
, en out altogether. The pictures still hung
2.-it-:lz'om their nails, but they were all aske_w. Al-
‘ though the boy tried to make the situation look
' as cheerful as he could, yet in his own heart he
.. feared the building was going to collapse very
" . Jloon. He went to one of the other windows and
r,‘ looked out to see if there was the ghost of a
'2, chance of escape in that direction, but he couldn't
“ll: see, any. From certain well-deﬁned indications
=, the ,water- seemed to be over his head. Suddenly
v. ‘ he saw two men in a rowboat a short distance
' away. They were pulling down toward a big
‘Muse half a mile distant. Will threw up the
window and shouted to them until at length he
attracted their attention. They immediately al-
-’ tered their course and stood for the house.

_ "There’s a boat coming for us,” said the boy,
lashing across the room to the spot where the
woman and the child sat on the top of a table.

. They did not ,hear him, however, for_ at that
, moment a sweeping blast struck the building so
 Violently that Will felt the house lift_ up and
-vs lhift its position. It settled down_again at_ an
.: Ogle, as if a portion of the foundation had given
2 ‘we . and there it rocked to and fro. ‘The woman
ﬂan} childk both screamed_with aifright. They
lji uemed to think the building was about to sink
 uder the water. Will izrﬁbbed thﬁ W°m3n 5

:'¢llltch and. ‘placing his arm under her, told _her
— "Th cling to his neck. Then he caught the little
 by the hand, bade her jump into the water,
 thus encumbered started for the opposite
 Mindow as the building reeled once more under
aggother blast. The crippled woman clung to Will
' " .3 state of object terror.

 
    
  
  

  
  
  

 
 

 

    
   
 
  
   
  

-' t 6! turning completely over into the rush-
“ 1$v:aters, help suddenly appeared at the open
 . The crippled woman, perched on -the

boy’s shoulder, and ‘the little girl uttered a
“ﬁery. One ofthe men in the boat stood up,
i  the window jambs and steadied the craft,
f the other endeavored toovereonie the sweep

I

' ‘Your boat is leaving us,” exclaimed the wo- _

Just when the wobbling house seemed-on the‘

DOING His LEVEL BEST I 11

of the tide with the oars. Will soon reached the
window with the helpless woman and little girl.

He passed each in turn carefully through the 1

window to the man outside, who placed them
in the center of the boat. Then Will leaped on
the sill to follow, when the roaring wind once
more came sweeping down on the house. As he
grabbed the window to steady himself the house
went over on its side, throwing him into the
water, and he was swept away like a cork.

CHAPTER X.—-Bound West.

Will was a good swimmer and thus managed to
keep himself aﬂoat as soon as he came to the
surface. How long he could have managed to do
this, impeded as he was by his clothes, is a ques-
tion, but fortunately he was not put to the test.
for a log came within his reach pretty soon and
he seized hold of it. This buoyed him up and he
allowed things to take their course, as he could
not very well do otherwise. He was swept down
the valley with the other debris on the stream.
He saw several boats rowing to different houses,
but he was too far off to attract their attention.
The rain beat down on his face and the wind
buffeted the log, but through it all the boy clung
to it desperately as his only salvation. Mile af-
ter mile he was carried along in this fashion,
until he became sensible of a growing feeling
of exhaustion. Once he tried to get astride of
the log, but it rolled over and dumped him off on
ﬁhedopposite side, nearly shaking him from his

0 .

When he reached that stage that he feared he '

could hold on no longer, he made out the top of
a small shed swimming just ahead of him. ‘ Here
was a chance not to be neglected. Summoning all
his remaining energy, he abandoned the log,
swam to the shed, and pulled himself on top of
it. Quite exhausted, he stretched himself upon it,
and, heedless of rain and wind, he lay there for
ﬁfteen minutes without stirring. At last he sat
up and looked around. He was now miles down
the valley from the neighborhood of Maywood.
On every side there were evidences of the sever-
ity of the ﬂood. He saw a raft at a distance
with a whole family and a part of their house-
hold belongings heaped upon it. One rowhoat
he saw also loaded with women and making for
the nearest shore. The storm seemed to be break-

ing up, for the wind wasn't quite so strong as,

before, and it had ceased raining. The sky,
however, looked as threatening as ever. For an
hour longer the shed held on its course in the
middle of the stream, then as it approached the
end of the valley it drew close in to the shore,
at a point where the Maple River itself turned a
spur in the hills.

“I might as well stick to this craft as long as
it ﬂoats, for I wouldn't know where to walk to if
I landed down here," said Will to himself. “Be-
sides, if I keep on I may eventuallycome up with
Mr. Luckstone, if he was not drowned. The
whole object of my life now is to reach Mexico
and meet my father. I am afraid I never will
be able to accomplish my purpose unless I can
come across that Westemer again. He seems to

be friendly toward me and disposed to work in

 4 job washing

porno HIS LEvsL 1 BEST 1

Wmy interest. ,,It is probable if we miss each other

"he will return to that country. In that case I

r ' must go there, too, and hunt around until I can
_ find some trace of him.” .

Will had not a very clear idea how he would be
able to reach Mexico, which was thousands of

 miles away; but he had conﬁdence in the old
; adage that where there‘ is *a will there is a way.

After passing the bend in the stream the shed
was carried out from shore again, and for hours
kept on. its course till it reached the main part

» of the Maple River. A few miles below Will was =
- carried by a big manufacturing and railroad

town. Here he was discovered by a sloop bound

7 ‘down the river and rescued from his precarious

situation. He was half famished by this time,
and glad to accept the rough hospitality offered
by the skipper of this craft. He told the story
of the ﬂood in the Arlington Valleytso far as he
was acquainted with its details, and the captain
promised to land him .in‘the morning at Reeds-
burg, a good-sized city, whither the sloop was
bound. ‘ ,

He was advised to turnjinto a spare bunk in
a dark hole forward, which was called the fore-
castle, and was glad to avail himself of the sug-
gestion. Next morning at ten o’c1ock‘ he stepped

'— ashore. at Reedsburg, a stranger in a strange

place, and without a penny in his pocket- He
had now given up all hope of an immediate meet-
ing with Luckstone. ‘
“The only thing I 'can,do is-to work my way to
entice. It may take me some time to do that,
‘but I'll get’ there all right,” he muttered pluckily.
“The first thing I must do is to capture a job
some kind. I’ve got to eat or starve, and I
pose it’s up to me to work for my victuals."
It wasn't easy for a strange, ill-attired boy to
ck up employment in a p ace where he was a
‘ stranger. Will tried ard that afternoon
yget something to do, but was unsuccessful.
Hungry and tired, he stopped before a small eat-

ing-house just as the shades of night were falling
, and looked wistfully in at the door at the people

at the -tables.‘ I Finally he mustered up the cour-
 to strike the, proprietor for a sandwich.
".“_You“ want’ something -to eat,,elo you?” asked
the rash; who was taking money behind a small
$011!! 3‘. 
ii“"Yes, sir.,’” , ’
. “Are you willing
“Ivarn.”
“Well. I arikslhort’-handed and can give you a
1 es. 4 _
“I~’lirtake _it,"; said Will eagerly:
The» proprietor called up a waiter and told
:h£::n,to t_ake...the boy into the kitchen and turn

I

to work ‘for it?”

A.‘ lliluovex‘ to the cook as a helper at the dish

, Ii: ‘Will worked pretty steadily and satis-
fadioriiy for two hours and a half, and was then
 supper and twentyylive cents, One of

 3 took him tuna cheap lodmnc-house

he put uphimseli, and Will spent ﬁfteen

for a’  .Next;morning after spending

_ nt“ dime. for a. cup pf ‘coffee and a
rollarwill outta hustle'£or work

.notgsuccess{ hand? late ingthe
 “ v‘-thotimixht. aids“

near Ly

around the yard, and they had quite a talk
gether. f
“So you want to get to Mexico, do you
grinned the boy. _
“I do," replied Will. ~ _~
“That’s a long way off. It’s a tough country,
I’ve heard. Nobody lives there but Greasers."’..
“Who are Greasers?” asked Will. innocently..-
“That’s a kind of nickname for the Mexicans,’
renliedlhis companion. “Some of them are 8
low-down set. I wouldn't go there if I was you '
“I have a reason for wanting to go there,
said Will. ‘ - , , ,
. “How are you going to get there without
money?” , ,
“I’ve been ‘looking for work to make some ever};
since I landed here yesterday. but I haven't
caught on to anything yet.”
“Had anything to eat to-dav?”
“Nothing but coffee and rolls this morning.”
“Well, come over to the house with me. .
mother will give you something to eat.
maybe I can put you on to something that’llI‘leIp"
.you on your way.” _ , ’ s
’ Will, glad of a chance to get anythingin“ *= g
shape of food, accompanied’ his new acquaintanoﬁl
to his home, which was a small cottage hare
by the yards.’ The boy, whose father was"-em;
played in the freight yard, introduced ~WiB ‘
his mother and stated why he had brought
She was a thoroughly hospital
woman,»and soon spread a substantial reps
fore the hungry boy. After Will had eaten’
he could, she put up a package of food 1
him at her son’s request. , g ,,
“Now we will go back to the yard,” said Will’
new companion. ‘. "
They did so. _ 
“The quickest way you can can get West,
you have ‘to go West to reach -Mexico, is by‘ If
and the cheapest way to go by rail is“ to >
your way,” grinned the boy. ,; a
“Beat my way? What do you mean?” ,
“Don’t ypu'know what beating your way is «
“No,” replied Will, shaking his head. “
“There are various ways of doing it. _
favorite way of travel for tramps. It is to —
unpleasant, and often rather dangerous; bgt
think I can ﬁx you all right so far as 'Cinci .
at any rate. You see} that freight car ~-
“Yes.” ~ . I
“It's an empty belonging to the C. H. ﬁf
road, and goes back to Cincinnati on that‘ -
they've been making up this ‘afternoon..
train pulls out of the yard at seven to- , _
That car door isn’t locked.’ All 'you’ve:got’
do is to get into that car, close the'door it ' '
and then you'll be as’ snug as you. please
you want to get out again. I think mothe
up enough stuff to last you as far as 
goes. At ‘any rate, I hope it-won't give; ’
,soon. It all depends on your appetite. ,
‘eat too much at a time, but try to make it _
“But~I haven't any right to steal’;
that car,” objected Will. »  ”
‘‘Don’t you worry about that. The at
to go  ai1¥vi0a.y.Y. What's the v--»
yougo ins en t. _ weight’ -, ’
‘is’ " he earned?» ; V ..
smile!

a’

ran , -any.

,§.

our .

 _-.«a- vm

    
   

i

‘_  when the freight train pulled out of'the yard
at 7:10 our hero was dozing away in the corner
of freight car No. 999, in the middle of the long
line of cars.

CHAPTER XI.—Stranded In Mexico.

» It was a -long and slow ride to Cincinnati on

.the'freight, and though Will husbanded_his food
 ﬁnished the last mouthful nearly twenty-four
-lh urs before he reached. the destination of car
. o. 999, consequently he was a famished boy
" [when he ﬁnally left the freight yards of the C.
H. & D. road. He showed the effects of his long
"fast in his face and in the shaky condition of
 his’ limbs; in fact, he soon felt so faint and sick
_l —' that he had to sit down on the stepsof a nearby
1 house. It was quite early in the morning, and a
-lnilkman going his rounds, noticing his appear-
~ nice, stopped and asked him if he was sick.

, “No, I’m not sick, but I'm half starved._ I
-_ haven’t had anything to eat or drink since yes-
terday morning, and not much to speak of then,”
>2:  Will, in a hollow voice.

9- .“-‘ 1. “Well, you look it,” answered the milkman.

’ He stepped back to-his wagon and got a quart
mieasure of milk.

,1: “Drink it down," he said, handing the can to
‘Will, and then he passed around into the back
é,->y.rd.ot the house. _

3 -‘ “I've a sandwich in the wagon I'll give you,

 

 
  
 

 

  
 
 

  

. jun," lie sagiﬁl, wliten%,ien_came back.
 rou ti i .‘~ _
‘ “'l?hat.ought too put new life in you for a
~ hil " h rk d.
i"‘Tlfe l3oeyrl:i€Titi;tie) it voraciously, finishing it in
-hglf oxen i s.
. ~ '.'T1:at tasted good, I can tell you," said Will,
-drawing a breath of relief. “I’m awfully obliged
_ to you. I feel better already.”
' ‘Of course you do. ‘I only wish I had some-
‘“‘un“n%o:¢¢l:.edt(l)neg'lla'elg1(:)ufor me as it is,” replied
Will" t fully.
"Tllegihlllﬁman continued on his route, and Will,
p ing like a new boy. though he was still
”‘ enough to get away with a pretty big
nfeal, started to walk down into the business
K,  of the big city. He _wa_s fortunate enough
 see a mark in a commission house hanging
 a sign marked “Boy Wanted," and he 11115
--Jnediately applied for the position. The fact that
5- the was a ‘stranger in the city almost spoiled his
7’/Chances,’ but he put up such a strong plea that
"ﬁe was ﬁnally taken on trial. He went about
I-hiﬂ new duties in such a bright and earnest way
in he produced a favorable impression 1n" the
 was only a dollar coming toghim at.the
dad of his ﬁrst three days’ services, as he had
‘idea compelled to draw something every day to
"pport himself. The merchant, however, ap-
‘ - ‘ting his situation, advanced him half of
‘next week's wages of $6, and that carried
 through up ‘I the next pay-day. After that
‘ , ' gphin saliiig for him, and he began to
  week. . A.ltho_uzli_ W11l...was
- «to set to M

  
  
  
  
    
 
  
    

 

    
   
   
  
 

  

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

13

Arlington Valley ﬂood, still prudence told him
not to sacriﬁce the position he had obtained until
he had at least accumulated money enough to
help out the great object of his life. Therefore
Will stuck to the commission house, doing his
level best to please his employer. In this _he
succeeded so well that in six months he was pro-
moted to a better situation,in the store, and
his pay was raised to $8 a week. .

Four months later, another vacancy occurring,
he received his second promotion and a raise to
$10. During the ﬁrst six months he had not
been able to save very much, as he had clothes
and many other things to buy, which made a
hole in his small surplus; but with his ﬁrst raise
he began to do very much better, and now, when
he was advanced to $10, his savings commenced
to assume a very satisfactory appearance in his
bankbook. He was getting on very nicely, with
the prospects of a further promotion in the
house, when, through a heavy embezzlement on
the part of the cashier, Will's employer failed
and he was thrown out of work.

With $230 in his pocket Will decided he would
no longer delay his long-contemplated trip to
Mexico. It is true he realized that he was bound
on something of a wild~goose chase, as he had
only a vague notion of the mountainous district
where he hoped to ﬁnd Jacob Luckstone; but he
had plenty of energy and courage, backed by an
inward conviction that he would surely succeed
in the end. ’

Therefore, it was without the slightest mis-
givings that he purchased a ticket to El Paso,

and boarded a Santa Fe train for the south- _

west. When Will arrived at the Mexican border
town he found that it was a long, rambling sort
of settlement, extending along a fertile and nar-
row valley upon the Rio Grande. The population
was of a nondescript character, principally Mexi-
cans of the ordinary type and Americans of the
rough-and-ready variety. Will put up a two-
storv wooden ediﬁce called the Rio Grande Hotel.
He began making inquiries about Jacob Luck-
stone, whom he described according to his recol-
lections of a year or so previous. Nobody seemed
to have known such a man, though the boy made
a pretty thorough canvass of the settlement dur-
ing the week he stayed there. This was rather a
discouraging beginning of his Mexican anticipa-
tions. But worse was to come. A tough speci-
men of -a Texan accosted him one day as he was
coming out of the hotel.

“I heard you were asking for a man named
Luckstone," he said, in a friendly way.

“Yes,” said Will eagerly, “Jacob Luckstone.
He must have passed through this town a year
or more ago, and probably hung around a day
‘or_so waiting for a train bound East.”

‘What sort of looking man was he?" asked the
Texan. , ‘ «

Will described Luckstone.

“I was talking to ‘such a man three months
ago. His name was Luckstone, too. Come here
for supplies from a place called——’'

The Texan paused and appeared to be trying
torecallthenanieoit-theplace. 
“Was it in the mountains?” , ‘-
The man noticed .t_lie eagerness with which the

 

i

 

   

  

“Sure it was,” he grinned. “Up in a spur of
the Sierra 'Madre range.”
‘How far from here?” inquired Will.
“Well, now you've got me. I remember he
took the Mexican Central to Carmen. That's
about 150 miles south of this place, and is the

nearest town on the railroad to the range."

“How far are the mountains from Carmen?”

“A hundred miles, I guess. Carmen is the
place for you to go. If you’ll stand the expense
I’ll go there with you. I’m well acquainted in
that town, and I’ll bet I’ll be able to locate your
man.”

“All right," agreed Will, with alacrity.

A train was scheduled,to leave for the City
of Mexico at three that ‘afternoon, and when it
pulled out of the depot Will Melville and his new
acquaintance, who said his name was Bart Brad-
ley, were aboard. A run of something over four
hours landed them at Carmen. It was dark
when they got there, and Will permitted Brad-
lev to pilot him to a one-story adobe building on
the suburbs where he said he was acquainted
and where they could put up for the night. Al-
though Will was not particularly tired when

- they sat down by themselves to a dirty table, in

an ill-kent and ill-lighted room, to partake of
a meal served by a villainous-looking peon, yet
the boy had hardly ﬁnished his coffee before he
began to experience a drowsy feeling that he
found impossible to shake oﬁ. His next recol-
lection was waking up on a bed, in a small, ﬁlthy.
whitewashed room, the smell of which suggested
anything but the odor of roses, with the morn-
ing sun shining-through a windowless hole in
his face. He immediately became conscious of
two things—-that he had a splitting headache
and that he was fully dressed’.

“How came I here in this shape?” he mut-
tered, in a perplexed way. “One would think I
was drunk last night, and "that Bradley brought
me to this room and left me, just as I was, to
sleep it om”,

As Will had never touched a glass of intoxi-
cating drink in his life, he knew there must be
some other cause for his present condition. What
could that cause be?

“The last thing I remember is sitting at the
supper—table with Bart Bradley. I must hunt
him up and see what was the matter with me."

fGetting up, he soused his head in a bowl of
water, which kind of brightened him up a bit.
Then he made his way around to the front of
the building, where he saw a man in a sombrero
and a soiled suit of clothes sitting in the sun
lazily smoking a cigarette. Judging that he be-
longed to the house, Will asked him as to the
present whereabouts of Bart Bradley. The man
regarded him with a curious stare and then shook
his ead. Either he couldn’t speak English, or

s unable to give the desired information.

Will then entered the house and passed

‘ through several rooms before he came to another

person, who happened to be the hard-looking peon
who had waited on them the night before. Will
 no better results from him. He now
neoliected-that B had spoken to the people

A ofthe house in-Spanish. so he began to have

doubts if he wouidibe able to make, him-

self understood. 7_Aft'er_;helpingJiimse1f-to a drink

 

~14 4 DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

of water, Will motioned to the peon an intima-
tion that he would like something to eat.

‘ The man nodded and uttered the'English word
“money” plain enough. Will thrust his handin-
to his pocket, wherehe supposed he had a hand-
ful of the current coin of the country, and was V
surprised to discover that his pocket was empty.
He tried his other pockets in ‘succession, while
the Mexican watched his futile eﬂ"orts to pro-
duce the needful.

“Good gracious!” the boy exclaimed at ‘last, ~
with a blank look on his face, “what has become "
of my money? Why, I haven’t a cent about me.’ .

A sardonic grin came over the peon’s features.
Will noticed it. and like a ﬂash the truth dawn- W;
legfacross his mind. He had been robbed the night .

ore. '

   
   
  
  
  
   
   

CHAPTER XII.—Will Goes to Work for the ,'
Mexican Central Railway. ‘

“This is the toughest deal I’ve been up against 
yet,” breathed Will, feeling as discouraged as a '
boy could feel. “I must ﬁnd Bart Bradley and .
tell‘ him what has happened to me."

But he didn’t ﬁnd Bart Bradley anywhere ‘-
about. He hung around the neighborhood for a ~
couple of hours, but his new acquaintance didn’t ,
turn up. Then at last he began to suspect that 7
11;: ltiad been the victim of a put-up job from the ' .

s . 

“What a fool I was to trust such a man as 1
Bradley, anywayl”. he ejaculated discpnsolately.~ '
“The savings of sixteen months gone in a mo- E
ment. What am I to do now? In a stra ,,
country, where I don't even understand t e a
language, and not a single penny in my clothes.‘ .4
This is certainly the limit. Little chance now,
of ﬁnding Jacob Luckstone, and unless I can --
locate him I shall never be able to meet my "
missing father.” 

Will started for the main part of the town, if
hoping to run across somebody who understood ‘f
English, to whom he could explain his plight 1
and ask for temporary help. The railroad track 7
seemed to offer the shortest cut, so he started 5
along the ties. He had only proceeded a short ‘:
distance before he saw a familiar sight to Ameri- 
can eyes—-a bunch of section-hands working on ‘
the roadbed. They were all natives of the coun- "
try, however, except one man who appearedfo E.
be the foreman. To Will's great delight this in? ‘
dividual looked like-an Irishman, though he ad-
dressed the gang. in Spanish. It was not
good Spanish, it is true, but the man undersm
him, and Will certainly didn’t know the diﬂeiv 7
ence. As the boy came up the foreman'lookod

, at him curiously.

“You speak English, don’t you?” asked Wil, 
halting in front of him. ' , 
_ “Faith, I do whin it’s not Spanish I’m wreat- ~>.:

lin wid. It's an American ye: are, I kin up
wi rhalf an eye. What. kin I be afther dam’. in ,
Fez '

“Well,” said the boy, encouraged) " .593
friendly attitude of the man, “I in a  

“A bad hole, is it?” replied the foreman, with 
a look of interest. “How's that?” ’  ’ ‘ l_ .,
_ -Will gave_l_iim an outline of his object in 
ing to Mexico, and then explainedhow he 

x

    

   
   
 
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
     
  
    
  
    
  
     
  
     
  
     
 
  

rhn across Bart Bradley in El Paso; how that
‘individual had induced him to come to Carmen
on the previous evening’s train, and what hap-
pened to him since he arrived in the town. The
Irishman listened to him with a great deal of at-
te!_i(ll:ion, and when the boy had ﬁnished his story,
$1 2
“Sure, it’s as plain as the nose on yer face that
that rascal worked yez for yer money."
, “I'm afraid he did," acknowledged Will, rue-
‘ fully. '
“ f course he did. He took yez to one of the
worst places in the neighborhood, dosed yer
. eoﬁee an’ thin wint through yer clothes at his
'_ leisure. An’ are yez dead broke now?" in a
sympathetic tone. '
. “I haven't a cent, and don’t know where I'll
" get one. I am in a fair way to starve unless
something turns up.”
“Don't worry about starvin’, me boy. It's
*mesilf’ll see that yez’ll get somethin’ to ate, so
‘I will. Here, take this. It'll provide yez wid a
5 breakfast,” and he handed Will a small Mexican
7 silver coin. Yez’ll foind an atin’ house beyant
the station. Go an’ ﬁll up, then come back this
‘way an’ we’ll talk it over, an’ maybe I'll be
5-‘ able to help yez a bit."
~* »J‘Thank you,” replied Will, gratefully. “What

is your name?"
Mike Doyle. An’ what’s

 

- “Me name, is it?
_.__ =yours?”
- “Will Melville."
“Where do yez hail from?"
“Maywood, West Virginia.”
- “Well, run along now, an’ don’t forget to come
back. Yez’ll find us not a great way from here
-- up the line.”
' I - Will hurried down the road till he came to .the
nation. He had no ditiiculty in ﬁnding, the
eating-house, which was run by the railroad
 "company, ‘nor in making his wants _understood
.- for the waiters spoke English. Within an hour
 he was back again at the new spot where the
‘ ‘section hands were at work. The men had their
gerowbars under the ties some distance ahead,
"and Mike Doyle was bending down taking a sight
"along the rail to make sure that the track was
 ‘level. He motioned to the gang, whose
. s were turned toward him, and they began
to heave again at their bars, growing red in
 face under the strain. Presently he made
., aanother motion with one of his arms. Some of
Vﬂle men braced themselves and held on to their
., while others hastened to stamp some gravel
‘Vuilidly under the ties to’ keep them in place.
;,», ‘Doyle, at leisure for a moment, turned around
sand noticed'Will standing a few feet away.
. ' ‘‘It’s back yez are, I see," he said, pleasant-ly.
 been considerin’ yer case, Melville. Are
35 able to do a little hard worrukjl"
_, !'I’m as strong as any boy my S120, and Del‘-
jﬁps stronger than most, for I worked two years
‘I s‘farm before I came West. I'm ready to
any kind. of labor in sight, and wil be
, of the chance to get it. When a fellow
"_ on his‘uu,ppers he has either to hustle or go
e w . -
_ ._ '2: right, es cially whin he’s_ in a country
 can’t~spa e the language. Well," con-
v  foreman, ‘inspecting’ Will’: muscular
knit f0!’lI|”3(ltl1.ln_ll¢ll satisfac.tion._ “Ian

 

i

-1-?‘

   

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

I

    

15

a man short, and if yez are willin' to tackle the
job, which ain't no sinecure, I can tell yez, and
the pay is low-—-but thin it don’t cost much to
live in Greaser-land-—why, I’ll put yez to work.
If yez don’t fancy the job yez kin throw it up
to-night.” '

“I’ll accept your offer, Mr. Doyle," said Will,
eager y.

“Good; but don’t Mr. Doyle me, if yez plase.
Me name is Mike, an’ thot’s whot yez want to
call me, do yez mind?"

“Yes, sir."

“Yes, Mike, yez mane. Now, put yer jacket
on thenhandhcar OVeIl‘1 there, get a pick an’ shovel,
and I tac e yez t e ropes."

Will was back in a moment with the tools.
lbtliike Doyle took the boy over to the group of

exicans.

“Now watch me, and it’s a good section-hand
I'll soon be afther makin’ of yez.”

The work of straightening the track began

again, and soon the lad was hard at it -with the ,

others. He soon discovered what tough work
it was. To raise the rigid track the fraction of
an inch required the straining of everv muscle in
his body to the cracking point. To replace a tie
was a task that tried every nerve and sinew.
The almost tropical sun beat down relentlessly
on the boy’s head, bringing out the perspiration
in streams. But_ Will kept at it bravely, de-
termined that no Mexican should outdo him.
Doyle nodded apprivingly as he noted the boy’s
efforts, and occasionally spoke a word of en-
couragement to him.

“Don't thry to do too much, me lad,” he said,
with a grin. “Let the Greasers do their share.
They’:-e lazv enough at the best, heaven knows.
It’s a hard job to get the worruk out of thim,
anyway.”

After a while Doyle took out his watch, held
it for a few minutes in his hand, and then gave
the word to knock oﬂ’ for dinner. All hands went
in a body to the hand-car, where their dinner-
pails were, and then the Mexicans sat down in
the shady side of it and commenced to eat. Doyle
took Win with him over to a nearby tree, and
under its protecting branches they squatted
down together.

“I’ve enough for two here an’ to spare," said
the ‘foreman, removing the top from his Ameri-
can-made dinner-pail. “First of all, take that
tin pail ye see on the car and go down the road
a bit till yez come to a crik. Fetch it back full,
for it’s nothin' stronger than that we’ll get to
drink hereabouts.” '

Mike Doyle spoke truly_ when he said he had
plenty of provisions in his pail. The railroad
eating-house where he .boarded supplied his
wants in that direction bountifully- Will ate all
he wanted, drank half of the water in the pail,
and they lay back against the tree perfectly sat-
isﬁed. Doyle lit his pipe and bxaii to smoke.
Between puﬂs he told Will something about the
Mexican Southern Railway, and how he happen-
ai to come down into Mexico to work. .Will also
told him about his hopes of meeting his father
some day, provided he was so fortunate as to
run across Jacob Luckstone, who held the key
to the situation. ~

. “Ye think this.Luckstone is sordewhere  

n5in_ntains,_ do yes?  Doyle.

    
 

 
 

  

' leaked hard at Wlli. -

 

  

16

“Yes.”

“The Sierra Madre is the nearest range to
this spot—about 100 miles or so due west. But
it’s a mighty long range, do yez mind? Unless
ya knew just where to hunt for yer man it'd
be like lookin’ for a needle in a hay-stack, so
it would.”

At one o'clock work was resumed on the road-
bed until two. Then it was discontinued until
four, when it was taken up again until dark.
Several trains passed in either direction that
afternoon, and Will viewed them with consider-
able interest. When the order came to knock
off for the day the hand-car was put on e
rails, the tools piled upon it, and all hands get-
ting aboard two of the Mexicans seized the
levers, and in a moment the car was spinning
down the track toward Carmen.

CHAPTER XIII.—At Last.

Mike Doyle decided to take Will to room with
him, and he made arrangements at the eating-
house for the boy to board there. Will was very
‘grateful to Doyle for the interest he took in
him and told him so.

“Don’t say a worrud, me lad. Sure, I couldn’t
do less for a ﬁne American boy like ye are,
stranded in a haythen country loike this. Just
hould yer whist, an’ take whatever comes yer
way.”

In a week Will had mastered the fine points of
sedion work so well that Doyle made him his
chief assistant. In this manner three months
passed away. One afternoon Doyle came to Will
and told him the division superintendent wanted
to see him in his oﬂice on the following morning.

“Why, what does he want to see me for?"
the boy asked, in surprise.

“Faith, it isn’t for me to say, but it's my
opinion he's got a betther job for yez than whot ,
yez are doin’,” replied the foreman.

Will reported at the superintendent's oﬂice next
morning. ~

“You're younger than I thought you were,"
remarked that oﬂicial, when he had sized the boy
up. “How long have you been on the road?"

“Three months, sir," replied Will, respectfully.

“What road did you work on before you came
to Mexico?” 1

“I never worked on a railroad before, sir."

“Never worked as a section-hand before you
came here, and you’ve only been three months!
in our employ, yet Doyle has recommended you‘
as a thoroughly competent man for the fore-
manship of a gang.” .

The superintendent knitted his brows and

able to ﬁll the bill?” be

“Do you think you're
added, after a pause.

“Yes, sir," replied the boy, promptly.

The oﬂicial, who once upon a time had been a »
section foreman himself on the Chicago & Altoni
road in Illinois, began to ask Will a numben
of questions about the duties of the position,
all of which he answered to the superintendent's
satisfaction. The result was that the boy was

it   on‘ trial. He was sentto 

 

' ed him by the arm and detained him.

 

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

below Carmen, and had no great diﬂiculty in
making good. Although it was a source of great
pleasure to him to know that he was giving satis-
faction to the company that employed him, he
never forgot for a moment the object which had
brought him into the country. Often he would
gaze in the direction of the great Sierra Madre
range, and wonder if his father was still alive.
and if so in what part of-those mountains he and
Jacob Luckstone were located.

It did not seem to occur to him that circum-
stances might have taken them elsewhere dur-

ing the interval of nearly two years which had

now elapsed since the ﬂood at Maywood. Will
met Doyle every night after the day’s work was
over, and Mike proved to be a stanch friend and
a cheerful companion. Thus six months more
passed away, and Will was approaching his
eighteenth year. One evening Will and Mike
Doyle attended a Mexican celebration at a big
hacienda a few miles out of town. There were
six or seven hundred people connected with the
hacienda in one capacity or another, and con-
sequently what with the visitors who had been
invited to take part in the festivities there were
all of a thousand persons on the spacious grounds
after nightfall.

The long, rambling two-story building, said
to be three hundred years old, was gayly decor-
ated and.lighted up, while fancy lanterns strung
from the trees made the grounds nearly as
light as day. There was music and dancing and
fun galore, especially for the young people, who
gnjoyed themselves as only young persons can

0.

A pretty senorita had managed to capture
Will, and he was airing his imperfect Spanish
at -her, greatly to her amusement. She on her
part was ﬂirting most desperately with him, and
trying her best to make him understand her
language. They were sitting in a shady nook
not far from the house, with a wide open space
directly before them ﬁlled with promenade
when suddenly the boy's attention was attrac
to a well-dressed man~ who was making his way
through the crowd as if he was taking his de-
parture from the place. There was somethin
strangely familiar about this person's ﬁgure and
side face that set Will’s heart to beating quickly,
and he tried to get a better look at him, much
to the senorita’s vexation, for she imagined Will
was interested in some rival beauty.

As the stranger reached the edge of the trees
his face, which at that moment he turned in
Will’s direction, came into the full glow of a
cluster of lanterns. The boy started up sud-
denly as though he had received an unexpected
electric shock, for the face he saw was surely
the countenance of Jacob Luckstone.
sure he could not be mistaken. With a little
gas of excitement Will was on the point of
das ing forward for the purpose of intercepting
him, when the Mexican maiden by his side grasp-

Will was‘ too much of a young gentleman to
shake her off rudely, and he turned to try and
explain matters to her. But between his excite-
ment and his bad Spanish he made a mess of
it. But he ﬁnally got the girl to understand

that he would return in a _moment or two. Luek- .

stone,‘ if itﬂwas indeed he, had disappeared.

‘-

 

 
    

.ud&A:

-3
' ‘i

1

 

i
i
,3
ii
3
E

3

  

Hewas“

   
 

~ however, darted oﬂ’ in the direction the man had
taken, believing he could‘ easily come up with
him. He did not succeed in doing so, or even
, getting another sight of him. The man had taken
 one of the numerous by—paths out of the grounds,
~ and so to the boy's intense chagrin he lost him
altogether.

Will ﬁnally returned to the senorita, whom he
found waiting for him, but the girl was much
provoked to ﬁnd that a change had come over
his spirits, and that his subsequent gaiety was

, , largely forced. Later on Will met Mike Doyle,

'* aiid told him about the incide'nt.

“Well, me b'y, the fact that he was here on
. these grounds shows thot he ought to be known
~ " .to Senor Martinez, or some member of his family.

: The best thing yez could do is to make inquiries
?. " about him. Ask the Don if he knows Luckstone,

 and if he does the rest ought to be aisy, for he

' can probably be able to put yez on his track.”

‘I'll do it," cried Will, in eager excitement,
and he started off at once to hunt up the pro-
prietor of the hacienda. '

.. \ He found Senor Martinez surrounded by a
= group of friends, and he took the first chance

 ' to ask for a few minutes’ private conversation
, S with him. The Don could converse very ﬂuently

'2 in English, and this was of 8793* advantage 30
 , Will, who would have had some‘ diﬂiculty in ex-
 _..pressing in Spanish all he wanted to say.

-_ ‘ “Will you tell me, Senor Martinez, if you are
' acquainted with a man named Jacob Luckstone?"
J “Yes. Senor Luckstone and myself are very

well acquainted. He was here all the afternoon;

., in fact, up to a short time ago, when he left to
1 return to his mines in the Sierra Madre."

 “You can tell me where those mines are

.,-  situated, Senor Martinez, can you not?” cried
Will, his eyes blazing with suppressed excite-
rnent.

. ' “Why, yes. I have visited them. They are
 'not as yet very productive, but still the pros-
‘ s are quite bright, especially of late, as
mar Luckstone told me this afternoon. Are
you thinking of goin'g\there1”
“Yes. sir.” ~
_ “Then you must go byvway of San Jose. That
‘is sixty miles from here to the northwest. There
 is a good road all the way to Los Saiicillos, an
ancient village in the foothills, slxty—ﬁve miles
west of San Jose. The region all about there
,.,-was full of silver in the days of the Spanish
' possession. At Los Saucillos they will point out
f-the road you are to take up into the range._ It

leads direct through a wild section -of _ravine_s
‘ and gorges to a dark hole in the mountain. This
»‘, is the entrance to one of the principal silver
_ ' egosits in the time of Cortez, known as La Veta
Fllegra, or the Black Vein. It was exhausted
more than a century ago; neither gold nor silver

  
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
    
 
  

e.
‘Who did ' u say?" cried Will
" by ythe arm. ‘Melville’! . _ _
replied the Mexican, surprised at the
f‘Do you know him‘! __ H

.l_ii1n_-'IIhould~thmk I  lie 18 MI

 
 

, seizing Senor
,, . .

 

 
   

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

,, found there now. A mile beyond La Veta.
5331::-e the mines of Senors Luckstone and
- u

 

CHAPTER XIV.——The Black Vein.

Will Melville was a happy boy that night
when, in company with Mike Doyle, he returned
to their lodgings at Carmen. He knew that his
dear father was alive and well, and that only a
triﬂe over a hundred miles separated them. He

Rfssessed full directions for reaching the Sierra -

adre mines, owned and being worked by Jacob
Luckstene and his father in partnership. A
stout_Mexican horse, which Senor Martinez had
promised to lend him, would take him there in
about two days, and then he could hardly bear
to think of the great joy and satisfaction that
would be his to see and speak to his father once
niore—the father he had for so many years
thought to be dead.

“But do you think your father will know
yez?” asked Doyle, regarding the boy curiously.

“Know me! Why should he not?”

_“Well, ye see, in the first place yez was a
mighty small b'y whin he went away to Cripple
Creek. Thin ye remimber yez tould me thot this
Jacob Luckstone said that yer father had lost
all thrack of the past.”

“That's true,” replied Will, his countenance
dropping. “If he doesn’t know me, what shall

_ I do?" and the tears came into the lad’s eyes.

“There now, don’t Yhz be down-hearted. Per-
haps the soight of ye will bring back his ould
remimbrabce. At any rate, yez say Luckstone
is friendly toward ye, and promised to do the
square thing by ye. Bechune the pair of yez a
way may be found to bring things roight."

“I hope so. I do hope so,” said Will, fervently.

“The first thing yez must do is to get lave of
absince_from the super. Sind yer request the
ﬂrst ‘thing in the mornin’ wid yer r’asons for
wantm’ to t oﬂ. He'll ﬁx it for yez all might
whm he un erstands the case."

“I will," replied Will. _

“'l‘hot'_s roight, an’ may good luck attind yez,
me b'y.”

On the following afternoon Will received leave
of absence for a week, and next morning early
he started for the Martinez hacienda. Senor
Martinez was expecting him, and had the prom,-
ised horse ready.

“I have a message to send to Senor Luckstone,’
he said. “Therefore I will let one of my people
accompany you. That will save you the trouble
of inquiring our way, for he will take you
direct to the ierra Madre mines, as he is ’ac—
quainted with every foot of the way.” .

Will said that would suit him immensely. Senor ‘
Martinez sent far the man, whose name was . .

Pedro, and introduced him to Will.

"‘You shall breakfastwith us before you start
on your journey.” said the senor with true Mexi-
can hospitality. _

Although the boy had eaten before he left
Carmen, he was easily persuaded to sit down
with the family to a second breakfast, which
was not over until eleven o'clock. Fifteen
minutes later he and Pedro set oil’ on horseback
for the distant Sierra Madre range. .

That evening they stop at another hacienda,
where they were_hospita y

from Senor Martinez.  O'clock next morn-

  

‘.
''’i4.:s.~

.17 .

received, as coming
The: Itﬁhnﬂhcnlr ~

  
 

 18 DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

long enough to partake of some refreshments,
and then resumed their journey in the direction
of the village of Los Saucillos. Pedro spoke
English well enough for Will to understand all
he said, and as he was a talkative old fellow,
he kept the boy’s ears well employed listening
to his stories, many of them weird tales of the
— mountains they were approaching. They put
up for the night at a roadside house, with the
people of which Pedro was well acquainted.
After a light breakfast they started on again,
reaching Los Saucillos early in the forenoon.
They made no stop at this place, except to
water the horses and take a light luncheon of
fruit. From that point the balance of their
journey would be more or less uphill. As they
left the village behind them, Will noticed that
~ the sky looked somewhat peculiar, and he called
his companion’s attention to it. Pedro said it
might mean a storm or it might not; at any
rate, he guessed they would reach their destina-
tion some time before any such thing happened.
The horses were allowed to take their own
time, as they ascended the low reaches of the
nu e. For some time they had a splendid
' birdg’s-eye view of the plain below, stretching far
away toward the railway, one hundred and thir-
ty-ﬁve miles distant, then as they penetrated the
fastnesses of the mountains the view became
contracted and wild in the extreme.

A succession of ravines and gorges now con-
fronted them, and the bridle path, worn smooth
centuries before by the silver-laden mules of
the aborigines, was their only guide to’ the re-
gion they were aiming for. As they mounted
slowly upward, winding around the foot of some
loftly precipice, and anon traversing the almost
inaccessible heights of a narrow pathway cut
out of the mountain-side ages before by the
Indians, with only small patches of the hazy-
looking ‘sky above them, Will was overpowered
by the wild grandeur of the scene so new and
strange to his young eyes._ In was in the midst
of a dee wooded gorge that they began to no-

: tice the arkening of the spy, and heard strange
=» sounds in the air from afar.

“We must hasten," said Pedro, to whom such
tokens of a mountan storm were quite familiar.
‘We will have no more than time to reach the
Sierra Madre mines before it will be upon us."

The sky grew darker and more threatening
as they proceeded. The air at present-was al-
most preternaturally still; but it was only the
calm which preceded the war of the elements
soon to burst over their heads. Far away bril-
liant flashes of light lit up the opaque clouds’,
and the grumbling of the thunder sounded more

* menacing than Will ever remembered to have
heard before. '

In spite of Pedro's anxiety to drive ahead, the
growing darkness and precarious nature of their
path around the canyon, yawning hundreds of

_ eet below, prevented the animals from proceed-
 ing at a greater speed than a sharp jog trot.
:.f_ They could see the storm rushing down upon
' " them at a terriﬁc pace.

. “We'll never be able to reach the mines before
 «#8 upon us," said Will, glancing fearfully over

_ his shoulder, gasthey drew near to the wide shelf
» ‘in ircrntof the’ opening to La Veta Negra.

 scene as eerriblmweira to Will. whohad

‘. al

 

 

   
  

 

i'_*__.. ‘;j*-_

 
   
  

never met with anything at all like it before.
The stillness of the canyon, the semi-twilight in
the air, at two in the afternoon; the black
masses of electrically charged clouds, massed in
most unearthly-looking shapes; the heavy rum-'
bling thunder, and, most disquieting of all, the
roar of the wind which had not yet reached them.
It was as if some huge monster from the other
world was rushing down upon them, breathing
ﬁre from his eyes and suppressed rage from
his mouth, while he lashed the air with his
gigantic wings. The suspense was nerve-rack-
ing, but it was con bver. Hardly had they
reached the plateau and Pedro, with at hoarse,
unintelligible shout to Will, headed his animal
for the hole in the mountain-side, than the storm
swooped upon them with a ﬁerceness that left
no doubt in the boy’s mind that had they been
caught anywhere along the face of the canyon,
wall their fate could easily have been foreseen.

The rain descended in torrents, and was blown
so far into the cavernous opening that Pedro and
the boy had to» retire some distance into the
black depths of the mountain. Pedro, like the
majority of his class, was extremely superstitious.
He had heard in his infancy that the famous La
Veta Negra was peopled with gnomes and wick-
ed spirits of all kinds, ruled over by a demon
called “Mina-padre," and consequently he had
always given it a wide berth whenever he came
into that part of the range. Now that he and
Will had been forced to enter it to save their
lives, his fears of the place came upon him with

a fresh and overpowering force, and he crouched ~

down against the wall of the rock, looking fear-
fully about him as the red glow of the lightning
without lit up the interior of the mine in a weird
and startling manner.

Will was bothered by no such feeling. The
mine was like any other opening into the ground
to him, except that his curiosity to explore the
depths of this famous one-time silver lode, un-
touched and presumed to have petered out ages
ago, was considerable. As the moments went

"by and the storm without continued as terrible

as ever, the boy found their enforced idleness
very monotonous. Rolling a bunch of paper he
had with him into the shape of a torch, he start-
ed to examine the mine as far as he could go.
He proceeded further and further into the depths
of the mine, which slanted downward at an angle
of forty-ﬁve degrees, but. nothing save the bare
rock greeted his eye—not a trace could he see
of the course of the wonderful black vein which
two centuries or more ago_had made this mine
one of the most famous of Mexico.

“I must go back," he said to himself, as his!

torch showed that it could last only a little while
longer. “The black vein is evidently a thing of
the past.”

Hardly were the words out of his mouth be- ' . .;:;
fore a terrible crash sounded above, and tons of ( 2.3‘

splintered rock rained around him and fell away
from one side of the mine. At the same ting

the whole interior was lighted up with a- mod ' 

unearthly glow, while the mountains shook an

if in the throes of an earthquake. It was-an’ ' (I
over in a moment, but the shock had stretched ‘ 5‘
Will unconscious upon the mass of debris, Id.‘
there he lay, silent. and motionless. long

 
  
 

the .-‘3t01'm had -a~,way  whale

  
   
  

  

stricken with a terrible fear, was urging his_own
horse and the riderless one toward the Sierra
_Madre mines, a mile and a quarter away.

CHAPTER XV.—To the Rescue.

 

,Wil1 Melville la for many hours insensible in
the impenetrable arkness of the La Veta Negra
mine, surrounded by the shattered fragments of
-tons of rock. At last his consciousness returned.
In a moment or two recollection reasserted itself,
and his experiences up to the moment he had

‘I been st:-uck, down passed across his mental vision
’' as clear as‘sunlight.
“I suppose it was a thunderbolt which pene-
trated the mountain. Nothing else could have
raised such a glare and rumpus down here. I
wonder how long I have been unconscious? Not
.long, I guess. or Pedro surely would have come
down here looking for me. The worst of the
storm seems to be over, for I don't hear a sound
of it down here any more. Now the question is
which direction shall I take to get out of here.”
Will struck a match to get an idea of his sur-
r ~ roundings. Its momentary glare gave him a
»brief glimpse of the ruin which had been wrought
by the thunderbolt. He saw the blackened edges
of his pa torch peeping from under a mass of
-debris. at reminded him that he had the other
half of the paper still in his pocket, so he took
it out, twisted it tightly, and lit it. As he swung
the improvised torch aloft he noticed the glit-
tering character of certain portions of the rock
which had been dislodged from the side of the
mine. Examining ‘them more closely, he saw
they were streaked with thick veins of a silvery
‘hue. He looked up at the shattered wall, and it
seemed to be fairly alive with jhe same whitish
streaks standing out in a dark-colored rock.

“My gracious!” Will exclaimed in some excite-
'ment. “Can this be silver ore? Is it possible
that the thunderbolt opened up a new lode in the
. black vein? If so, then I have made a wonder-

'- ful discovery in this old deserted mine. If it
is silver, isn’t it mine by right of ﬁnding? I'll
 take a few specimens of this stuff with me. Mr.
Luckstone is an expert and will be able to tell at
a glance if this is the real or not. It will be a
" great thing for me if this is silver.”

’  Will ﬁlled both of his pockets with 'the best of
the small specimens he d see, and then turn-
ed his attention to the task of getting out into
the air again. He followed _the upward slant
of the hole, and soon turned into the mam cor-
;i-idor, which gave him a view of the entrance to
.  mine. He had,no further use for his torch
- < and trampled it under his feet. As he approach-
~.. ed the front-of the mine he was surprised to

' 4;; no sign of Pedro or the horses either.

  
     
  
 
    
    
  
     
 

 whence he co _see_ the whole of, the plateau,

Jae was in surprised because there was no
M Pedro or the horses.

kWh , where could he have_ ne? Surely he

would. not desert me in the mi st ‘of the moun-

thougli tholooked. harp! II every
i:’jie.ff¢‘nnd'notrtlie’ali _ S eviheiice that
 anywhere in-the vicinity-

gge .7 -V. - _‘
('<._\l -.". :r,xi.. .;

 

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

When Will ed the mouth of the entrance, .

  

19

“Well, this is tough. I really don't know what
I had better do. From the looks of the sky I
should say it was much later in the afternoon
than I had an idea of. If I only carried a watch
I should be a le to tell the time of day it is. I
must have been longer down in the mine than I
supposed. Pedro, of course, heard the crash of
,the thunderbolt, and not seeing-me return with-
in a reasonable time he jumped to the conclu-
sion that I was overwhelmed by the concussion,
and not having the courage to venture after me
to investigate, he has probabl carried the story
of my supposed death to Mr. iuckstone. I guess
that must be it, for it would account for his
disappearance with the horses.”

Will had made a_ pretty close guess at the
truth. At that very moment Pedro was telling
his story to Luckstone and half a dozen other
interested auditors, the gist of which was that
the American boy had accompanied him on this
trip up into the range, and taken shelter with
him from ,the storm in the old La Veta Negra
mine, had recklessly ventured to explore the
mine, and had been carried on’, by the spirits
who guarded the place;

“What was his name?”

“His name? Ah, yes, I remember now, it was
Melville.”

“My heavens!” Luckstone exclaimed, in some
excitement. “Could it have been my partner’s
son, whom I've never been able to get the slight-
est trace of since we were forcibly separated that
morning in the ﬂooded Arlington Valley?"

He made Pedro go all ov. his story again.

“Why didn't you go down into the mine and
hunt him up when he failed to return? Why
did you desert him?”

“Go down into La Veta Negra, senor!”’cried
Pedro, in a tone of consternation, at the same
time hastily crossing himself. “I would not do
that _for all the silver in these mountains.”

With a snort of disgust and contempt Luck-
stone turned to the other listeners. ’

“Boys,” he said, “that young fellow whom I
sus ect to be the son of my partner, George
Me ville, and of whose whereabouts I have tried
in vain for the past two years to get some trace
of, may have been caught by a cave-in down in
the Black Vein. It does not follow that he was
killed or even seriously injured, yet at the same
time he may be held a prisoner behind a mass
of dislodged rocks in the dark. We must go at
once to the old mine and make a thorough search

for him. We owe it as a duty to Mr. Melville, _

who has not seen his son in ten years.” -
—~'_“Aye, aye, Mr. Luckstone. We're with you,”
cried the other enthusiastically.

In ﬁfteen minutes a rescue party was all ready
to start for the Black Vein mine. .

CHAPTER XVI.—Con‘clusion.

Will Melville, satisﬁed that Pedro had gone
to the Sierra lladre mines after the storm
blown itself over, decided to follow the trail
path on foot. He had proceeded perhaps
quarters of a mile whenvhe heard the
horse’ hoofs approaching. In ﬁve niinu
 came into view. riding quite

I .

ii

3%

vine.‘/As they came close

O‘

  

 ‘ could I ﬁnd of you. _
_ for 9. week, by which time the ﬂood had greatly
' subsided. A ﬁerce lot of damage had been done

 

 

20

the boy recognized the man who rode in advance.
It was Jacob Luckstone. Will rushed up and
grasped the bridle of his horse.

“Mr. Luckstone," he exclaimed eagerly, “don't

you know me?”

“Will Melville, by all ‘that's lucky!" cried Luck-
stone, slipping out of his saddle and -grasping
the lad by the_hand. .

“Yes, sir; I'm Will Melville all right. I've
come to meet my father.
“You shall see him right away. Why, we

were on the way to the Black Vein mine to‘
look for you. Pedro, under whose guidance you
came into the mountains, turned up at the Sierra
Madre half an hour ago with the story that you
had been lost in the depths of the Black Vein
during this afternoon's storm. The superstitious
old chap insisted that the Mina-padre had got
hold of you."

W“lIlt doesn't look as if he had, does it?” laughed

i .

“Well, hardly,” chuckled Luckstone. “I never
was so glad to see any one in my life as I am
to meet you, my lad, and right here, too."

“Same here,” replied Will. “I’ve been on a
still hunt after you for two years. But it was

- like looking for a needle in a haystack.”

“And we—your father and I—have been

searching the States for a trace of you, too. The

Pinkertons have had the case in hand for nearly
a~year—in fact, ever since your father recovered

"his right senses."

“What!” cried the boy, joyfully, “is father all
right again?"

“He is——as good as he ever was."

“Hurrah!” exclaimed Will, feel_ing,like stand-
ing on his head through sheer delight.

“Start back, boys,” said Luckstone, waving the
men to their horses. “The boy and I will follow
on foot. Where the dickens did you disappear
to after the boat carried me _away that morn-
ing?” continued the man, turning again to Will.

“I was going to ask you the same question,”

‘replied the boy.

“Oh, I was driven ashore about ﬁve miles
down the valley. From there I made my way
along the foothills above the ﬂood line to_ May-
wood. I put up at the hotel and waited till the
storm blew over, which it did about noon. Then
I started out to hunt you up, but not a trace
I waited around Maywood

by the water, I can tell you. I had almost come
to the conclusion that you had been drowned
when I saw a paragraph in the.local paper that
stated that a boy, who_ gave his name as Will
Melville,'aiid said he lived near Maywood, had
been picked off a ﬂoating shed by a sloop. W33’
down the Maple River near Carrolton, and landed
at Reedsburg. I hustled to that town, but could
ﬁnd no trace of you. Then I came back to!

llaywood aiid called on Amos Skinner. I accused

him of trying to burn me up in the old barn. He

' ‘denied it. ‘I said I had a witness, however, and

would produce him unless he came up with d0I1,b1°

' _.g,¢ gamut 1 had assessed”him for that evening
u   madvmys ‘ﬁrst

call. The bluﬂ worked.
 'with"ethe holdI_ ah-eady_ had 

   

A

.lieve they had lots to say to each other.

DOING HIS LEVEL BEST

I came back here and purchased the Sierra
Madre mines for the joint account of your father

and myself. It wasn’t long after that when your .

father recovered his memory. He was aston-
ished to find himself in Mexico. I let him have
the whole story of Skinner's crookedness, his
wife's death, and your disappearance. It broke
him all up, I can tell you. After a time he in-
sisted he must return to the States, and see if
he could get any trace of you. He went to
Maywood and presented himself before the panic-
stricken Skinner. What occurred between them
I’ll leave for him to tell you by \and by. At
any rate, he made Skinner stump up his $20,000
with full interest, without any deductions for
what I had squeezed him out of. That left the
old rascal pretty ﬂat. Then your father con-
sulted the Pinkerton Agency, and offered them
a reward of $5,000 to ﬁnd you, which they are
still trying to earn. Having nothing more to do
he came back here, and has been here ever since.
hopefully expecting that he would get word about
you at any moment. That’s about all I can tell.
you in a’ rough way. Now, my lad, let me have
your story." I

Will was glad to tell Luckstone of his ad-
ventures and endeavors to get ahead since that
fateful morning when the ﬂood parted them in
the Arlington Valley, and had barely concluded
his narrative ‘when the party reached the Sierra
Madre mines. The reunion of father and son
was very touching, and the reader may wlell be-
t was
not till Will retired that night that his thoughts

recurred to the silver-streaked stones he had
The first thing he did next morn- -

in his pocket.
ing was to show them to is father.

“Wh , where did you pick up these specimens?’
asked r. Melville, in some excitement. “It is
purer silver ore than anything we have taken
from Sierra Madre so far.” _

Will told him. Luckstone was summoned to a
consultation at once. When he heard the boy’s
story he became greatly excited, too. Horses
were brought out, and the party of three visited
the La Veta Negra. Will's accidental discovery

_of silver ore in the Black Vein proved to be of

the greatest value. Before it was made publicly
known George Melville obtained possession in his
own name from the Mexican government of the
La Veta Negra.

When everything had been satisfactorily ar-
ranged in force of ~peons were put to work in
the mine, and the ore that soon came to light
astonished the country. All the proﬁts, of course,
went to Will, and to-day he is one of the richest
young fellows in the State of Chihuahua; being
worth several millions, with twice as much more
in prospect. He lives with his father in a splen-

did modem hacienda on the suburbs of the vil-

lage of Los Saucillos, where it is said that tho
prettiest of Senor Martinez’s daughterswill ere
ong rule as mistress. And so wishing him every

 

happiness, we leave him asra boy, who, rich’ ' 

though he is, is still Doing His Level Best. _
Next week's issue will contain “ALWAY8‘QN

-DECK; ‘oi-L’, .THE BOX WHO MADE ;$$

-.lIA.RX." : .   n  rs‘ '

    

x..

 

 
       
  

 A‘  LAND FORTUNE WEEKLY 21: 
CURRENT News V . A 

   
      
     
   
      
   
   

 

1 VFINDS AN $8,500 PEARL OLD BUT SPRY

 to an oﬁicial report issued by the William Mackay, of Sydenham, an outlying di‘s- .
. stry of, Commerce, Industry and Labor of the trict of London, is eighty years old, but that does
 Goveminent, Jorge von Forstal, a vet- not deter him from celebrating his birthday in a
gran pearl ﬁsher of Lower California, has found Spartan manner. No cakes and candies and feast . ,2

seventeen and one-half carat pearl valued at days of Mr. Mackay. On the mornine of his 
-1'l,l)0_0 pesos ($7,500). eightieth birthday William arose at 5. and, leav-
Bearl ﬁshing in the southern portion of Lower ing the rest of his household peacefully sleeping
Qglifornia, about the port of La Paz, which has startedwn a twelve-mile walk to the Highgato
 dormant for some time, boomed as a result. Bathing Ponds. At 8 o'clock he was in the water,

- _ , and. to use his own words, “as fresh as a daisy:
‘ This energetic Londoner celebrated his seventy-

. I HQ,’ . ¢ ' I t -.

\ HORSE KILLS Irs owumz fﬁéhsiiféhu.i..;"§§‘°e?§iI'€§-¥a”$‘é’ ”i}‘§ 2'; ‘$332133
Giles Goodell. '78. hermit farmer of Lakeport._on his birthday falls "in March. “I hate summer __
Oneida. Lake, N. Y., is dead as the result ofbemg bathing,” he says, “there's hardly room to kick, -. 7: '. 1
trampled under the hoof_s of one of his horses. Whereas in March ‘.hene’s no crowd.”
9'. body was. found beside the Wreckage of 9. Another wonderful Londoner, though of 3
eboat. The horse, which had been attached slightly different type, is Mrs. Gambrill, a
, was running wildly-about the farm.

. _ seventy-four, who has just resumed her dam:
The antics _of the horse attracted the attention lessons. after an interruption by a trip to Month

_ olm Michaela, a neighbor._ who_ found the body. Carlo! Mrs. Gambrill is ambitious. She is not 
.When Mr. Michaels saw his neighbor last _G00- satisﬁed with modern fancing, and so has taken  —
I told him he was going to haul some debris on up a— course of ballet dancing, toe dancing and. ,
 toneboat. . physical training. ‘ ‘

 

 

   

   
 

   
 

we’

   
     
     
  
      
     
    
     

   
  

   
  

   

LOOK BOYS, LOOK!

  you know that “Mystery Magazine” now contains more stories than it 7
’  gevei‘ did? And they are crackerjacksl

' Just to show’ you,’ read this list of contents for No. 156, on all newsstands: V

"THE MEDICINE DROPPER’? ' ‘
A detective novelette by G. P. WILSON “

“WITH. EYES AND NOSE”
A two-part story by RALPH E. DYAR
“WHAT DOES YOUR HANDWRITING TELL?”
x ' ‘ A special article by LOUISE RICE

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY” ~
Anarticle by POLICE-CAPTAIN HOWARD - 5"

TAND THESE STORIESVAND ARTICLFS: ,. 

“STICK TO YOUR PRISONER,” by Jack Bechdolt; “THE STR.ING,”_by._'f”
ttenden Marriott; “ ‘THE SHADE’S’ MYSTERY," by Dr. W. J. Campbell ; ‘
‘ﬂfRAPPED' BY CHAN ,” by‘ Joe Burke; “THE CAGE." by Hamilton,»
“ﬁr ' ‘e; ‘-‘THE CRIME. DETECTOR,-” “ROBBERIES INCRP‘.ASE”Il‘\‘l'SU_R-. 
 RATES," “TRUTH SERUM,” “MENTAL CURE. FAKERS, ” EHVI) __
&LIsEG.ED ‘SWINDLER,." “JAIL PRISONERS GET NARCOTICS, 
.1" ODS OF SCOTLAND YARD” and “SECRET SERVICE WARNS OF -

  Biziest is Ccnte"Worth_ and   U 4’ 

v. .,.,

  

    
          
 
      
   
 

  

      
      

    
          
 

       

 
 

     
 

 
  
   
 
 
 

I  ' ._;
«Rob and the Reporters

.——-Of. __

 

By GASTON GARNE .
l / '
(A Serial Story.)

 

, /

_ ‘CHAPTER IV.
R;b’s Fortunes Take A Most Unexpected Turn.

“Those were the fellows!" French then said.
“And they came in Mr. Garvey’s car," can-
ﬁnugd Rob, “and now, Mr. Finch, I have a con-
fession to make. I am not a lit person to be em-
ployed here. I have been ‘bribed by Garvey to
" give him the censored war news,” and he went
1 on to tell the whole story, including what Garvey
said about Brown.
- For a few minutes Mr. Finch paced the ﬂoor in
silence, then, turning suddenly upon Rob, he said:
,_“Rob, give me your hand. I believe every word
, youhave said. The best of us yield to temptation
at times. In your‘ prompt admission of the wrong
started in to do you have shown yourself a
‘pan. Brown shall be instantly discharged. If
you care to take his place it is at your service.”
*' , ‘I'll take it ” replied Rob, quietly, “and I prom-
fiﬂeyou, Mr. ' ch, you will never have any cause
gte, complainof me."
I Itwas an immense relief to Rob.
. Now he f It like a man again.
. Mr. Fine began asking him a great many
questions, and some of them very personal, it
' seemed to Rob.
';{’,l‘he conversation was spread over two hours
and more. .
. Meanwhile, Mr. Finch had telephoned to a liv-
cry stable for a‘ carriage, which came and took
,;Karry French home.
I Jlessengers kept coming in; Bob worked as he

  

1&1

  
  

    

   

  

  

j 9 “'‘‘You certainly understand -your business. Rob,”

 your place for a while. I want you
 me a good two-column story based on the
tow news you have been receiving. I have a rea-
son. Can you_ do this?” _ ' '
"Why, certainly, 811',‘ if you wish it," replied
puzzled to imagine what was_ in the man-
agor’s mind. . . ',
,.Sit down there at my desk," said Mr. Finch.
__ on ,will ﬁnd plenty of paper. Don't be too
"luvery, now. Lay yourself out to do it -in {(92:11-
-rtoot newspaper style. By the way, have ‘you n
W _ to reading the Earth?”
"!t§s.the» paper I have always read since I camp
blow York.” replied Rob. /
!'Goodl’ Write it In’ their style.‘ A A
with the rain, which had now started up,
. against the windows,-and the wind
‘ ‘ _ s A twithdus

 
  

  

. FAME‘ ‘AND FORTUNE WI-IEKLY

maid the manager at last, “and now," he added, ‘

two columns, Earth measure, so far as he was

able to guess at it.

_Mr.- Finch then ordered him back to the re-
ceiver, and putting on a pair of eyeglasses sat "
‘ down to read what he had written. ’ '

“'l_‘his is all right‘, my boy,” he said at length."
“It is terse, to the, point, and well expressed.”

He_sat down at the desk, wrote a brief note,
and inclosed it with the manuscript in a long’
§nv§lope,h_afte;‘r whichdhe lit a cigar and, leaning

ac in is c air, sai :

“Rob, in making that confession, you have
shown yourself a man, as I remarked before. in.
yielding to that scoundrel Garvey, situated as you
are, you only did what nine men out of ten would
have done; nevertheless, it was all wrong. Don’t
think I am justifying it, but it isn’t every man
who would have the courage to go back on him-
self when he came to realize his error.”

“I don't believe I'could have rested quiet an- ,
other instant thinking about it, sir,” said Rob
ineekly. “The first sight of poor French settled
1 .

“Exactly,” continued Mr. Finch.
here. You certainly understand your busin as‘
a wireless operator, and I could use you to he.
conipany’s advantage; but I happen to haveia
friend who needs a young man of your sort badly‘
and_who will pay a great deal better for his-' 3;
services than our company. As soon as Browif ,.
comes you go back to the hotel, get your break-
fast and an hour's sleep, then go to New York
and deliver this letter and the inclosure to Mr.
Joseph Terrence, at the oﬁice of the Earth. He ’
is the friend I mentioned. I think there is
doubt that you will hear something to your ad- ~
vantage. If not, return here, and I will give you 3
a steady jo " . '

“Do your inean that he may «put me on the‘:
Earth as a, reporter?" asked Rob, greatly elated‘.-

. “Not that,”. replied Mr. Finch. _“Don't ask me:
any more questions, my boy. I neither want to‘. 

raise your hopes nor to give away Mr. Terrence’

private business. Now, I am going back tohed.

The storm passed with the night, morning.
dawning clear and cool. - '

Mr. Finch was up before
put in his appearance.

“ “Sa_y_nothing to him about the PH-ench.affair, _j
helcautifoned gob. d“I sléallll lziavectlo ltheone
caon oraewaysi ren isae rev
turn to his duties. Whatever talking there is
done I prefer to do myself. By the way, you
will pro ably want to look inon and

 

     
     
   
     
    
    
     
     
   
    
   

‘,‘Now, listen" '

   
     
   
 

  
   
 

  
 
      

      
 
      
   
 
        
    
 

  
    
        
 

   
       

‘Brown, the  

   
        

       
     
    
 

    
       

how he is. Do so. So long as ou reach
Earth oﬁice by three o'clock it be all rig

     
  
 

    
 

Tori-ence generally leaves there by half-past."
Rob found Frenchin bed, resting more
than might have been expected. A doctor
dressed his wounds and pron his ‘
tion in no way dangerous. 3 .
di;‘dA1lf the siiiigh Randall, I believe I should «
i_ you ’t coinetonie, thesyoung -»
declared. “I never shall '1 it. i
gladdtha';tu]i‘tinch1i;.ook:rIou on. be 81 d
' _ p oget or. "shall ' __tg?
.iasu'>£~hiw~"  '~ _ .3 .

     

  
   

        
    
   
  

 
  

3
E

      

A s .
.1‘ ,4-

       
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
     
  
   
  
     
 
  
  
    
   
 
 
  

WEALTH OF NATIONS

- The following table shows the estimated total
wealth of leading nations: ~ A

United S tes ........  .................. .. $320,803,862,000

is .

     
  

United K gdom -._._  12o,ooo,ooo,ooo
Germany  ---Unknown

Fq-gnce ... 90,000,000,0000

.. ‘zany   35,ooo,ooo,ooo

 Jgpgn _____________________________ ..  22,5oo,ooo,ooo

S Canada‘ and Australia .. 27,ooo,ooo,ooo

 neigium _ __________________________________ "II 11,ooo,ooo,ooo

WHITE-ROBED NEGROES TO PRAY

' . Prayers will be said by a delegation of negroes
*‘-.~ dressed in white and assembled before the halls
J in which the Democratic and Republican conven-
L__ tions are to be held on the opening days in _New
 York and Cleveland. The negroes’ committee,
’ headed by Dr. Julia P. H. Coleman, meet at the
 Hotel McAlpin to complete arrangements.

:" An announcement by the committee said it was
‘ ‘hoped that the prayers would have a good effect
‘bn the choices to be made by the two conventions.
>'l'he prayers will be broadcasted by radio.

 SLOW EARTH MOVEMENT‘ SWALLOWS UP
_ HOUSES

. ' ’ reatest scientists have been attracted
ltoiliengigugtion at the village of Monachil, where
the earth still moving, carrying everything in its
133th’ and in some instances swallowing up in
Ttheir entirety olive grooves and houses. The cen-
ter of the disturbance is about 1,500 meters in
Jgngth and 500 meters wide. The movement of
the earth is gradual, but hardly perceptible to
TheI¥Se.f81' there has been great loss to crops in
 aﬁected district. -In -one instance a cottage
has been slid along by the earth’s movement with-
out damage a distance of about 200 meters. ‘

.2‘ ’ DOCTOR DEFENDS DANCING
= ‘GERMAN _ AND GAMBLING

5 >Dr. Bruno Altmann thinks the epidemic of
dancing fever which.has followed the great war is
he better than the mental disorders suifered by
‘the people after previous conﬂicts. _For example,
‘he says, one of the sadest manifestions wasthe
ixampleslof overwrought nerves which have fol-
hfwed wars from the time of ancient Greece’ down
to the last century was the suicide mania.

The present dance craze and gambling f9V€1‘
in‘ far better, in his opinion, and show that man--
 ig coming,to have better self-control. After
..  Years’ War the fear of ghosts became
,- mic in Germany and continued for many

-. Dr. Altmann points out, and he says

V is a similar trend now in the disposition of
' ‘to have fortune tellers or spiritualistic me-

 ‘attempt’ to pry in'to' tlie_ unknown. for

/:1 

v.’

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
GOOD READING

ipoweu 23.: sneeze»  

TALKS BURGLARS 0U'l;,0F STEALING

Frank W. Stanton, lawyer, of No. ‘ 1131 St.
Nicholas Avenue, New York, adjoining Washing—‘
ton Heights Court, told police of West 152d Street
Station he had talked two burglars out of rob-
bing him of $4.000 in jewels late Saturday night.

He was returning from a boxing match to his
home, he said, when he saw lights in his apart-
ment. Suspecting burglars, he cried: “Don’t shoot,
I’ve got my hands up!" as he entered. He found
the burglars had taken a pearl necklace, diamond
pin and diamond studded wrist watch.

“Go ahead, I won't resist,” he said to the in-
truders, “The joke’s on me, but I’ve been de-
fending‘ guvs like you nineteen years.”

“What do you mean?” one of the burglar:
asked him. -

“Well, I'm Frank Stant
replied. ’

“Prove it," said one of the thieves. \

Then, Stanton told police, he showed the men
cards and letters, whereupon one of the burglars
exclvaviiiiiledzl be

“ e . I’l blowed. Here, take 0
back. We wouldn't rob you." y “I stun ‘

“If I had talked to them ten minutes longer I
believe I would have had their bank rolls,” the
lawyer said.

He added he did not recognize the burglars, al.
though he thought it possible they might have
been among clients he has defended.

n, criminal lawyer,” he

“Mystery Magazine” L
SEMI-MONTHLY 10 CENTS A COPY

—~— LATEST ISSFES -<1
150

151
152
153
154

iii-slei-.
THE ONE CHANCE. b Tl '
 0. HATE. i. .:::*;“s.‘::.':::,¥
'Ir.\ RESERVE. by Frank lgllzhton.
HE H01 SE ON THE Itot as. by Jack Bechdolc.

The following and tutor I mhe 1 gm
Prlceeu gents“ 0 . m.'-“-.

155 LAg'gI(l}sIeil'nl‘l\'G DEATH’S TRAIL, by Nels Le[:o_,- Jo...

THE MEDICINE DROPPER
By G. P. WILSON
Ont Today In No. 156
. HARRY E. WOLFF, Publisher, Inc.
166 West 23d Street ' New York Cicy

“Moving Picture Stories”

A \Veckly lnganlnc pound to Photoplays and riann ‘

PRICE EIGHT CENTS PER COPY

Each number contains Three Stories of the Best Film;
on the Sci-een——Ele in Halt-tone Scenu from the Play:
-F—iI1ntere’s)ti:ig Al'ttlcAeg AboutdProininent People in 3;.

ins—- ongs o ctors an A tresses in n
and Lessons in Scenario Wi-it'm¢.c t 3 Sm“.

HARRY E. WOLF!-‘A. Puiiiishex. in. V , V
«; New Yaﬂf _

TFI‘I‘l§g‘O0'I‘PRIN’I'S ON THE CEILING,' by Ca.‘

 H“

    
 

I
I

   
 
 

NEW RADIO INVENTION

Major Edwin H. Armstrong disclosed before the
Institute of Radio Engineers a new radio inven-
tion, the super-hetrodyne, which he has so simpli-
ﬁed that an amateur can operate it successfully.
 With this receiver located in Maine and oper-
*' . ated by a woman, London and Paciﬁc Coast sta-
tions were received with complete audibihty.

PENCIL MARK GRID LEAKS
To adjust a pencil mark grid leak and increase
the resistance, rub oil’ some of the pencil line with
an eraser. To decrease the resistance make more
 line. The adjustment should be made while the
f’ set is in operation. Increase and decrease the
:4‘ resistance until the signals are loudest.

THE BATTERY SWITCH

In assembling a new radio receiver the construc-
tor would do well tg make use of an “A" battery
twitch. This is a sim le, inexpensive Iittle-device,
and will be found to a very useful accessory.

There are only two binding posts on a battery
switch, and the connections to them can be made
without difﬁculty.

SUPPORTS FOR SHELF

When constructing a two-stage ampliﬁer or a
receiving set, with a two step ampliﬁer, use the
jack: as the brackets to support the shelf on

wvhich you mount the sockets and transformers.
' This may be easily done by removing the two ma-
, chine screws that are in the jack and replacing
i them with longer screws and nuts. The jacks
will then serve as excellent shelf supports and
save you time and money.

‘ A RADIO WEDDING
A "radio wedding” is the newest matrimonial
novelty. Otto Praulson, formerly of Hooper, Neb.,
" now a teller in the Illinois Merchants Bank, Chi-
' cago, and Miss Georgia Brolley of Wildwood were
« married while Station WDAP broadcast the wed-
. ding march from “Lohengrin,” recently.
The bride’s brother, George Brolley, who is a
 radio enthusiast, arranged with WDAP to broad-

cast the march exactly at 8 P. M As the couple
'stood'before the Rev. 0. Schweldler the strains of
the march were repeated by the air waves.
. , As a. surprise to the cou le, ‘WDAP followed
3 the wedding march with “I ve You Truly."

TO BUILD A WAVE,METER I

A wave meter may be made as follows: Mount
3 .001 variable condenser on a hard rubber panel
and get a box large enough to accommodate it.
Attach‘ ‘a honeycomb coil mounting on face of
,gnel, connecting the terminals of the mounting
ism

 

 

 
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  

-ta

  

the variable condenser. Plug in a 50-turn
b coil, and your meter is ready. Tune in

,ytation_ ' , whose wa e length is known. pl th
 “coil in clbse inductive relationatc: th:

  
 
  

 and turn thewave meter condenser:

cdecreases, the Wave meter is in
., 

    

--2.4  T -  FAME. AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY — i 

therthree

  

 

INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND I-IINTS

same manner; with other stations. If the wave
meter is desired for a transmitting set, include
3 ¢l'Y5t81 and phones, as in a common crystal re-
C8lVeI'. Calibrate It With. /3 ghndard instrument.

 

RADIO BROADCASTING mscussicn

The problems that ha bee k

the radio broadcasting stdtionsn $22 e§..,°‘,7:.,,‘1'5.

tuning in were discussed by W. E. Hark.
11688. assistant vice—president of the American
Telephone and Telegraph Company.

The flllbllc prefers ﬁrst class symphonic music
over al other, Mr. Harkness declared, though jan
by. good_orchestras comes a close second. This
011111101; 1181 based oin reports sent in from per- _ "
sons o a ' - _ ~
cluded in u?.‘$SaoT3oo”1§i‘s'f§‘ui.3.‘£f‘§§$‘ae¥s”°w.*ti.°s£“.
100-mile radius of New York. With each instru-
ment having four listeners, he said, there was 3
radio audience of 3,000,000 within that area. — ~

More and more the broadcasting stations ﬁmgt
sell their services to persons willing to pay for
the_ spreading of a message, Mr. Harknesg ex. -;
planned, but the entertainment features would” 2
have 50 be kept up in order to hold the audiences. , '"
WEAF, the _American Telephone and Telegraph
sending station, has had a.q_ua1-ter of 3 mmion
requests for the sending privileges, he said,

GROUND AND AERIAL NEED CARE ..

A few pointers regarding the installation of the ‘ .
receiving set should prove valuable to every owno “ 2.
er of _a radio outﬁt. As a matter of fact one need 
pay little attention to the installation of the sim. 
ple sets for the reason that their simplicity limits 3
their eﬂiciency so that the ﬁner details hardly
apply to them. When it comes to the more ex.‘ 9 "
pensive outﬁts it is well to give a little thought ,.
to the installation for the purpose of obtaining the 
highest eiﬁciency. » -‘

The receiving apparatus should be placed to ' A
permit the shortest possible leads from the an- 1
tenna and ground connections. The lead~in should». .,
be as short as possible. Suﬂicient space should 
be provided between the instruments and the'ope1- 
ating table to simplify the manipulation of the \
receiver.

The antenna leading from the lightning switch  ’
should pass through an insulator or through an 7
wall. The ground wire, number 144 in sise,shoula
be brought in as carefully. If those two poin
are given the care they deserve a large amount
of the losses incident to the average receiving ad;
will have been overcome. , ' '

 
    

     
    
     
      
     
    
  

      

  
   
     
     
  

FOR POOR TUNERS 
The wave trap is becbming more and more at
a necessity in connection with sets which do. no?
tune sharply and in localities where there are ten:
or more transmitters at work on almost the sage‘
wave lengths. Fortunately, the wave trap
simple contraption and may be readily made of
gxrchased complete at a low cost. -The sin ff
ind of wave ti-an consists of_a sheilaced "
. inches in diameter, on*¢i¢h_ are wound:

. _..‘

  
  
   
 

  
    
 
 

   
  
   
 
  
 

 

    
 

      

~ turns of No. 18 double cotton-covered wire to serve
as the antenna» circuit. Around _thlS winding is
placed a layer of insulation, say oiled muslin, and
a winding of 35 turns of No. 26 double cotton-
covered wire- This second winding is. connected
to the terminals of a 43-plate or .001 mfd. vari-
able condenser. The ﬁrst winding is connected to
the antenna and ground, just the same as the re-
~_ oeiving set. In fact, it is shunted across the ter-
minals of the receiving set. Such a wave trap
serves 7 to “trap” undesired signals, which are
tuned in for the closed oscillating circuit consist-
3 ing of the second winding and variable condenser,
there to lose themselves, so to speak, and not get
 into the receiver which is tuned for another wave
 length.
 SEALED RADIO SETS
fl " A novel method has been adopted by the Aus-
tralian Commonwealth radio authorities for pro-
 " ting broadcasting stations. The regulations re-
tly promulgated require. that every prospective
F" purchaser of a receiving set must present to the
' » radio goods dealer a certificate of license show-
ing that he has subscribed to the service of the
station operating on the wave length to which the
instrument being purchased is adjusted. ~_ _
“ radio enthusiast desires to listen in on additional
1) s he can have his receiving set _so ad-
justed, but only on the production of certiﬁcates
‘- showing that he has made separate subscriptions
to each. At a recent conference of Federal auth-
orities, manufacturers, broadcasting scompanies,
, and dealers, the adoption of a uniform device for
-» ‘isealjng receiving sets was decided upon. While
' the sealed—set regulations may be defeated by cer-
t  'tain owners of receiving sets,_ the Government has
authority to make surprise inspections of every
so setlthat the seals have not been tampered with.
It is understood that the sealing device,‘which is
” added locally, will in no way interfere with the
9 sale of American radio sets in Australia.

3-,,‘ .1. . . ..y*zr_-

~ aw, .

   
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
 

 -The WD11 will give as good results as the

”U$V201A as a detector. It is only in the case of
,-‘.;'n audio frequency’ ampliﬁer that the U\_7;’.(_J1A is
“I. better tube. For detection urposes it is not
» jdyigable no make any change in tubes, especially
; since the economy in operation is considerably
[greater in the WD11.

. No radio set in existence will cross the coun-_
‘try any and every night. As a matter of fact, it
isvseldoin that KHJ and KFI are heard in New
York, the metropolitan district. The super-hetero-
dyne will not do this any quicker than the four or
,; ﬁve tube neutrodyne, the ﬁrst tube radio frequency
oiitﬁt or the standard Armstrong regenerative set.
Ike feat depends on much more than the number
tubes——Vveather conditions particularly.

‘ 

A-‘new type of “B” battery developed by the
A’ s.: . of the Burgess Battery Company marks

, ct innovation in such batteries. This bat-
,,_{   and weight which coincide ex-
:  vayiththe standard No. 6 dry cell commonly
‘ ' ﬁtment cu.rrent., Tlienew battery isa
 ; It;ig.e-inches)2zch. with

\.

   
 

“FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

  

25

a base 2 inches square. The terminal connections
are brass binding posts at the top. By an in-

genios method of construction the ﬁfteen cells, -

individually insulated, are placed in a vertical po-
sition in two inner compartments. These com-
partments are arranged one above the other, and
the whole is enclosed in a non-metallic, non-induc-
tive, waterproof container. The electrical capacity
of the battery at two milliamperes is about 500
hours, which places it in the group of so-called
medium-sized “B” batteries.

Capacity shields have been widely used in the
past for eliminating or reducing the troublesome
capacity effects in regenerative circuits. It is now
claimed that capacity shields should not be em-
ployed,-in that they decrease signal strength and
broaden thetuning. Instead, the builder of a ra-
dio set should see that all instruments in the
tuning assembly, such as coils, condensers, vari-
ometers, variocouplers and so on have the side
next the panel and the shaft side ‘connected with
the ground side of the grid battery circuit. Audio-
frequeizcy transformer cores sometimes need to be
ground .
generally do away with shields by placing the in-

uctance units some distance away from the panel,
and using insulator couplings between the dials
and the instruments.

Many so-called “bootleg” tubes are appearing
on the market and are being olfered at lower
prices than the standard tubes. Furthermore, in
general appearance these tubes resemble ‘quite
closely the standard tubes, and are said to have
the same operating characteristics. It would seem
that the independent tube manufacturers, despite
claims to the contrary, could not produce tubes
of the thoriated ﬁlament type, with extremely low
current consumption characteristics, because of
the inherent diﬂiculty of making the special ﬁla-
ment. Reports from users of independent tubes
are generally to the elfect that these tubes are
not as satisfactory as the standard tubes.

A tube blocks up because of the wrong polarity
of the ﬁlament battery, also known as the “ '.
battery. . See that the prongs of the vacuum tube
are making good contact inside the socket and
bend the prongs upward a little bit, or try a new
grid leak if the tube does not function properly.‘

c

The new Cunningham tube is a high vacuum
tube designed for use as an ampliﬁer or detector.

‘The ﬁlament current is only one-fourth of that re- '

quired by the C301, and the lower temperature of
the ﬁlament insures long life if the tube-is prop-
erly used. Care should be talgen to prevent the
plate voltage from being applied accidentally to
the ﬁlaments. Tubes should be taken from the
sockets when connections are being made. The
tubes are discolored during the process of manu-
facture. This has no effect on the operation of
the tube. Any tube which is believed to be de-
fective should be returned to the—dealer or dis-
tributor from whom it was purchased. The ﬁlm

inent voltage of this tube is Sgvolts. The ﬁlament
amperes average J-25 with azplate voltage of. go a A

a

to 100 volts.‘

 
  
 

Manufacturers of regenerative sets.

  

B0013,
gug'1.1*_. 
‘U101 "11111
IAROLD G

26 FABIIC AND I7OI’.'1"I,.'.\'I,C ‘1\'I*‘.I“.I\'I.Y

Fame and Fortune ‘Weekly

.\'I'j\\' \‘()Ii{. .\I.-\Y ‘J, 1:124

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

   
 

 

> . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..I.'11,\I..1.,'~ I‘ ‘~‘:1..E1
'1‘ i11‘--1- _‘»I1111[!1.\.... . $‘1‘H)
>11 \i11:.1‘:\ . . . . . . . .. " " 2.1111
4111- X r. 11.111;

 

1 ..: 111:1. N1 711; 11'.11~1-1:11, $71,011,
111)“ TU >l‘..\I) )lU.\L\—.\[ U111‘ 1'!\I\ ‘N111 I' ii
M«.111-'- 111' -1‘. 1111-1111 111' ii.g1,:1111'1‘1i 1.1-111 1'1-111:1{;111-1~
. .111; :11 _\'u1Il‘ 1'1.~i-.. \\'1, -1:11. I'.1_\1.1_.;1:
. 1':1~:.. \\'),.-11 5.-111ii1.;_; >‘1i1.‘1-1‘ \‘11..;:
lhv V1111. . 11 '1- 11111-1; 1.1’ 1111111-r to :1vo'111 1-1111111,1
111:? 111‘»1u11111- \\:'111: 11111r 11111111: 111111 1111111:-vs pl:1i.11_','.
Adllh -.1‘ 1--11.:'\ 1.,

HARRY IQ. \VOI-FF, "1 11;1rr_-,-1;’ \\'..1,1‘1',1>r11_1,1_
l’ubli:I1e‘1', I!1(E., J>(,'I1111'11-5 Ii. .\)‘1;1111I--1‘. .\‘~c.
166 \V. Zljd St., N. Y.

    
  

 

1.. 1-‘. \V.ilzi11, 'J'1'1».1.~1.

ITEMS OF INTEREST
L.-\I3OI!Iu'I‘.S FELL LIKE T C;‘\II’II\'S

TI1i1'1e(111 1~::ii1'11;1d \\'o1‘kc1's are in the I1r)>1)iL:1l
at Nnw B1'u.111.._ '1;i.\, Tex, 111111’ one or twr) of Ii‘:0111
Will 1111- 21>‘ II11: ."L1.~".I'1C 111' ‘.1 p1:cuI1:11' 21c1'11i11111. T111:
men \‘.'<-1'1- 1.111": or :1 141111;; iuyiiig >11-CI 1113111‘ 111311:
and ‘#11111; 111411; b1‘111.1,;g11t 111:111' 111.111 on :1 .\111;1ii
t1'£1.iic1', 11115111 1 by :1 :111,1Lo1‘c;11‘.

AL 1'. ('u1‘.'1' 1111.11‘ i11-1'-~, 11111.1 111‘ {I10 1111-1: '111~1 1111
b&IL1I1C1: £11111  ;1i/:1e1i:i11; 11:‘1'1 11111111->1 111 i13111. T1114
man 1117.111‘: /.1-11 I111: 1‘1~_-XL 111:11'1'1r> E11111 :1: 1111 1\ :1».
being 11L1II1t~i 1111' {I111 1411', 1111» II1'11('k‘4I'1I1'1' 1.-11111511111»!
umiiml:i:i1'1111~11i.;11iI1111-11 1111111111111I'1F1131'111‘. ."f"1'~
er:~.i113'!E1111‘11 13.-i: 1111 1.i11111'i1-111i: 21.11 1'1:c-ri';<:1i 11:11:-
turc-‘. .-‘1:11iI~. 11.111111 11111111-2 1~1~ce1\'e1i I12'11k1-1111.-g~ 111111
z11'1r1..-» :.:.-1 11'1I1.1-1>11'1i11111~i11ju1'i11.~‘.

 

    

1‘Ul,'t'}II.< IPI’ III.'I.I.I1l'I‘

‘£1’. V, 1111* ’.11'.\'-» 111" I.:111u'.'., .\i;L., b1;lie\'e< in
I101-11i:,: E1: 11'r_.1,-4 1111‘ :1 111111;‘ 111110. 111 f:1c1.,I1r‘
ke1:1>~ ii :11  111121: 11111? 1:12 C1111’: :1i\\':1y.~ get 1'11
01' 1':1c1.11 \\'.1(*1: 1.9 \1:.1!11~ 111.

.\I11:11i-'1\1.'.»: 1» 11(1\-. .»1«\'«111_),'«1-i_1_1'I’11 _\'1-:11-' r,1I11 :1111l Ii
:1 \'|‘U‘1L1I1 111' 1111- (,1‘.'1i \\'z‘11‘. I[1- \\':1\ ;\I‘1111 1l111'i11!.L‘
1111 111111.111 01' \'i<1k-I1111'g, 1111- iiuiivt 1'1if1i11g 111111
in Lin: 1:j.'1:. I'F11.'1111'>‘ 11_-11i)1.‘1i 1111' it, but lhcy w-;1'e
ne\'1.11' 11'11I1- 1.51 111111 11 11111 11111 thty 1'1-+11 Liiut it ‘.1115
s:11'.~ 11,1 ;11=1'1‘1.1‘111 1111 11p111';11io11.

.\Ic;11i11a.'.~ 1iL1i11'L W111-1'y mm-ii. H1» 1:111:11‘ that
it ‘.‘.'a1— in i‘1i.~ 1192111 .<r11111:\\‘I1c1'(-, and 2111 that, but
that w:1.~: :11} I11: c111.1Id 110 about it. The other 11:13’
he \'.':1.s .-'111I1i~_~.v1Iy .~1~i'/.11‘. with :1 violent cougliing
sp;1.~m \\'i‘1i('i1 111- cr>u1rl11't seem to 0Ve1‘cr1me by the
01‘d1n:~.1'y n:z;u11.<.

I-‘imxliy wirh :.- 551-1-.11 effort he mnlghwl up tI1r:
buiiet. the (1110 that he \\';v..< p1‘e.<011‘11>1I with 1Iu1'in;,'
the 1l;1_v:«' of the Civil War. TI1i,~ bullet \\'a.< in
the fnrm of :1 :~Iug' and weighed about 1111 01111012.

   

    
 

1~‘

RATS IN HAW;\II AIIIJ (‘()I*IVI~II'I T1')I’I*J EH
TI111u.<z11'1(I.~ :11‘.11 11¢-1‘i‘111.]1;: mi1ii1m.\ 111' .<21g‘1- 1111.. 111
the K0114 1ii»t1'i(*t of 11112 II21\‘.'z1i 5111 I.<l:1111‘1s I1z1V~.-
become c1>1'1'cc t011e:‘.~. They .~«ub.~—.1.\[ wI111Ii_v upan
the ripv co1I‘c-1: berrie.» and cuusc big I1)~,\1>,- to the

;;'1'11w~:> :11111L1z11:;.. _\iti11111j_"’11¥,1:- 1‘; ‘~ 11a1'11
Ii11‘1i' \11i1' U101, 11‘11:\' 1I11 11111 s.-1 11)

 
 

:'11' 111i". .<1 1.11 :1 1.11119
1-111111..1:111. 'i‘1>,1‘,' :a1'11 _~.l.~.'-'1;

21i111111 '1'1i‘1I1 :11. 11111i11~,- 11i;1._\'1"‘
111‘Ii\'itj.' iw.111; 111:1- 111 1.31--

i.~111;V 11:11 .1 '11» ~»:111'-.1i.f. 1.

 

1 ~ , 1 ;~ 1. ,111\-.111. (_'-11
I111‘ i111 .1 1,11:::i.~.1- 311 911111" \\.1_;

Tixw :i:‘.«- :~.1.1111:1i» .~\\‘_1:‘1»..
T.i‘1(- i1'.'1i1-\ II'j_;'II] '_1_. 11111;‘

 

11:111'1‘1.11111» 1111111: 31 .13"
1111111 .~11:111~ ti11:1» 1151111"
15111 I{1J11:_‘1 1_lE.\L1‘i1'1 ‘.211,-

    

i1;11‘11111i 111 like (I11: f,21~'11- 111
any 1111: z11I1ii1.'1.< .5I‘.(‘1'r,‘£.L.\1~(I 111.111 now

    

(-\'-;11‘_V 1‘111i<,‘11‘1, y111.111;,;‘ unri 11I1I, '1ii 1111:1g;1t :1.
!1|.~'1-. TI11-y cv1111 .~Lo1'11 1111213‘ i;1:;D11- 111-
1i11,- 1'ip1,- I11‘1'1'i1=.~' to tide tI‘1e111 »1\‘1;:~ 1
buL\\'c1:11 1-1‘o11;~:.

 

 

LAUGHS

“I enjoy yr)L11' \‘.'i1'1«'.\ 1>1:1y11'1;;. S.
rI1‘*Ii1>-11112 111111,-11." "Y1n<, 5110 ;;'1:1:\ '.}::1'.
111;; on 11112."

   

“I10 j.'1’>11 1i1i11k :1 \\'(>1112111 <i111I.1I1i  '11- '.‘.';;j=w
01' :1 111:111'.’'' “I1 111.-1>11111J\ 1111 “"111-(I11-:  ~ z1.,1:'«
1'11-1i to 11i1111>1‘1111i‘;."

 

  

“J.-1111, 1‘\'L'! .~i111'~ 1&1 _ .11‘-,-.3
1:1“.'1:1- _-1-1-1‘.1111i H113 ——:1111~. I 1 11;
.\'‘)‘—V-'" "1111: 111111111-11 11111."

“YI111 ;1(§< 111).’ I1;1111I 111   ,—‘~.  1. .11
1111111‘-1':1111i1i=111L1"."' “Y11 , ‘min I :1 1 ",3
I111’ I)1;§ 1I1i1‘1‘ " ]_71'1.1n 1:131 zrgwj  _ .. ;_,-

 

|111p1~I13~.<.

“\‘.'I':;1L ‘.1‘.'I‘, 11:1" 11111~t 131111-1:‘:;
gI'2i11_-,'."’ .'‘.\I :11 (I111 Q'i"1'_‘1‘;1}1i.I. . A H
0111111,-'i':11:1111 1111: I111;-.' I'.'1111i T\1_-,1: 3'1. . .. .;
‘‘l'‘.iIi‘_ .\Iu111‘11J,1,;1_1. :;111i V1111./_-1,1,"

 
    

 

".I'1311.::;.'," ‘i11- 11-:1v‘i11‘1' :1~}.~~‘. " ., , j I,
z111_\'tI1i11<;,' 112111111 (,‘i11'i.»—t1111I'1c1‘<‘ 1:.’ — ‘ I ._

 

1'r1\'r:1‘1-11A1111*1'i(':1." ‘‘\’13-‘.
"I ~»’p11.»1‘ I113 \\'1s11L i1r11111- 111:.

 

I.itLI1; I1\'iiIi1~—OI1, C111-

  
   

  

. 1,:
your i1<11‘11'.’ L nviu CH 5 ’ . 11 7,‘ ;
i1;1\'e111)l1111'11. I.it11e\\'iIi111+ 1. 1’ -1
11111121 11101111,; w11r,~11 I111 ~:1:~i ' '.  1, - I‘ ._

lust “'61-Ii.

Little T11111111_\'i1z11I \1>11[ i.1— :1 1'. 1.1;

 
 

“WI1at1Ii1i_\">‘11 I1-;11'11‘."' ‘121- " .  — . ,
homo. “Iii1i11’1 l1>:11'1: 1.111. ‘ ' . 1.1’
you (i'1‘."' “Iii. 't 1111 11/1‘i 1 ~ 

    

to '1<1‘11'1w 11111.1 111 .j cii ’1':1'..

    
 

"\\'r'.1"11'.‘," 1:1’  I1 1' 1'. ..!1 fit  ,1;
1‘O~’zu11‘;1'1I.“1:':1 ‘ A1 1}, I 11:11] 1‘."1»1.1,\' 12:11:11’;
wait 11. 111:1‘ .1 -w1111_\' 111'111'1111~—' 1,11 .1igi11‘,”'
“Nz13,'1I1.1‘. U2 1 1 Y1‘-pi '.\\'II11:,' 11111111191 :11;1t.e,
an’ L1‘1.1L'~ ..1.  1; 11 11111--. ‘1'1-1-11'ai11’.~1ju:t gone."

 
 

 

   
   

   
   
    
   
  

lily 1I.." . -1

(if Li 1‘ .\-1"",
"_\121.1z1)3 J. H
111 L111. .;

 

  

 

1111: :1 1,21, I111
1'i\.’c1i :1‘. f\I:1:i‘.1
fL111'i;.' goo: ~11.

 

1i‘.1‘1_.;!1‘1».;' 

  

.L- .‘-1'.‘

31- 1--":11 j,-‘J
bar 01' 1Ii.~I1e.<
stirle :1 c:1v1;- 111
ed by -.5111» b

 

  

F
1
§
1
4‘
1:
E
i
<1
.
9
1.
4

"~v1«v-vs-«1<a11-o1«.'t:.1.»1w.,1-.¢..;.1..-..-.11.,;1.»v -s-;»-1-1.4 -ah "'4'"   1.... 4"...»-...«.«11'......-1., .»,.......»....m.,....... ~......~....1~«1. 1-. - -»...,...

 

FAMIV‘. A.\'1')

1«‘111:'1‘1;>’1~:

 

‘~.‘-.'lTlCl\'1'.'1' 9"

BRIEF BUT POINTED

NEW (,'O1"I"Iil;' Sl.'l)‘b"l'1'l'L"1'l‘I

A 1181.‘ :11l1,~11I111c for 1'11.'I'e1- 1111s 1111-11 b1'11L1;;'1‘1t

"1 '11z:1'.11111 '11)‘ 1.1 11’;1vc11>1‘ _lL1:1. 1‘ -1111'111~11 11111.1
1111- 1112111311; .11‘ 1'1-111’-z111,1l21. 111- 11111111 :‘:11 l11111;1.1:<
of we _\112t:1 1;11u1"1L1*y to11.<1111g 21 1)(3L1]l 1-11111-11
“Ar11.1z1)11-11." 1111- product 1.11" :1 \';1,-e11 111111111 ;;'1~r1‘.1.‘>.
111 ;1bu111.1111.1-1_- :1111'1 1.» .~;1111 111 11LL\'c 1111 1111- 111111‘-
'11c11_11~'.:-'- 111" 1':11l'1*e 11.\c1>11L1';11113111.

:1.l1A\,'lC.\' l.\' AlR1’L.—XNl£

T11- "11'11:11113' 1;-1' ~l1;1\'111g 111 1111 z11'1'11l:.111- 11.111111
!ly1z‘.g' 1'11111'1- 111.111 3,1101) fee’. above 1111- 1111111 \\‘.1~
exp; ;-1101-11 11;,‘ ;\Ia1jo1‘ A. S. 1*'10L1:111-1' 111' 11111 l’1'11.-
11J;111'1c .\_'co1'11’.>, 111 :1 11u1‘1-11-11 11111 1111111 24111111111111:
ga 1.1 .\l;1111.1'.1 111- 11ml; 111.» >1‘-1'.1\'111;; 11111111’ 121111 111111.
L'.~.111;,‘ '1;1:.-.1-1'. 1'11: .1111-1111111-11 1111: job. 'l'111- 1111111-.'
1:1 111: 1'1u‘1-.1 1'11— 1';11-1- 1:1 the gals :1: f:1.~1 115 ‘.11.-
pm 11 1111, bu: 111- 11;-.1:~e\'e1‘ed and when 1111 ar-
1“1vc1.1 :11 3111111111 .\_1:1.1\\'1-11 1.-v111e11c<: 131' l'1;1\'111;: l'1;111 11
.fz111‘1_\' goo: .~1‘1:1'.1-.

 

 

 

l)L'(,'1 His‘ O-.\'.\' G1-lA\'1~J l.'1j.\‘1l1l‘l Ill.“ \'\'l1-'lC'§‘»

E1111‘ 3 11. K2‘-.1l;;1111;l1._11:1101y—11\‘e 3:1.-.11‘ 111' 11g.‘1'.
V\‘1l1’,1  1' 1111.111 111-1111 1:1 111 ‘:11--1‘ 111 1111- 111..-1111 111' 111'
' ' '1'11.1"1;, l’11., ';.:.\1 111-1,-‘.1, \'. 1.\ 1111111111. 11. :1
' - 1- 11.111 111' 1

. M‘
.11'1'_\', 1.1-111‘ 111:1.»

 

  
 
  
   
    
 
 

     

' 1 . 1 1
111-. 1. 1-11..,; .11-

I11-l1b'~ 1

    

1 1:11. 111-111. 1111- 111*.~11'1- 11;‘ 311'. K:111):lL1',_:_’1‘. 111 
111 be 1111) _\'1-.11’: 1,11‘ :1g1.-, 11111 \\'1lL‘I1 111- 1111-. '1'111'1-1~11
111 1'1-ti’1*1- '.‘1'~,111: :1.cL11'1;- \\'11.-'1. 11.111-1-11 3'1-211:. :1g-'11 111:111--
" 11.-1-11-11';11,'111r1< ‘T1111 1111- 111111 ''.!11-11 111-
.11.1;1.\‘11 1';11~ 1.-'.11".11. 111-111-1111111111113‘
‘ '11:1.~3<11- that 111' 111~‘ '.\'1l'1.‘, 111- 1111111111
;1111 11:111 :1 111111l,>~111111- 1111111-11
Z111154 11"..» 11151 111

U. V!‘ ,,
,_ .

1'1-11.11111-~,-. 1'11:

 

 

11'1"!‘

C-
1< 1‘1,-;:111   111.1

Ul1.\'S ;\'L].-\R .‘.ll1IXl1'(,l
.1. ,

1111:. 1111-1115 01.1» 1:

  
 
   
   

11111 1-1\'111:I.:1111111 11;1\1- 111-1.11
"1y1>_\'D1'. H. L. K1,'o11l11-1,
. , , 1'111'ni:1, 111-:11 S1111 A111-1-1.
;._ ,-‘R1111,-1,111‘ ,\11—:1':1‘1,~ 1':1_\'. 11 1~' 1.16111-\‘<-11 1111- 111111-
-; ,._.,,.1 ._t._-,. 1,‘ 1,-1-‘.1,-.1 111 .-\1-.11-1'1ca1.

1,.-,,1_11_1-;11_11111x --111111. :1.1- '1.ll1‘l\;1'11"1‘l }1_\1';1:111111;
1:111-Lem 1-1:-1111311.:-.'y.

11;, L\;;.,.. 3111-1, 1'.'l11l-,- 1-\1-.113.-111mg‘ :11 the bate of :1
1.‘._\..._ ;1_,,,\.‘ .1=._1m1_-.\.1»...1 ;1_ 11..1“'.'1 111 of the ruins wh11~l‘1
;..1. 1-111'»; L-11 '1\.'1i11 11111111.‘ 1'1-1-t 111' l11\‘z1, \\'11i('l1 .s111'<1;1<l
;11....1».»  »1»111.1-.1-:.'11 11.141 111' 1111- I11-111-1':1l l1"1.~‘11'11”.
1,; .\{1.x;1-., 1';1\v 1]u,~gn11-111.-1-1‘11ptio11 111' 21 vo11'~111'111.-

’.¥c'1-.,-1111. 111:-licxw 1111- 111:1r0\'c1'y is one 111' 1111‘
!‘'‘;().~': 11111111.‘ ;-.11.: 111-,11E~ 111 .\lc~xico. The 1'en1:1111.- 11:1‘
be‘.1e\'c-1'1 :11 be 111' 111- 111-11111! kr10\1.'r1 z1.< A1'1'11:.':-.
1-'1‘1'1liz;1'.i1111_ (}11\'--1'111111-111 n1'llC1:1l.< are 1112111111113 1.11
out mm 1_',.. 1&1;-1 ﬂ11\\‘, 1.1'h11‘1'1 in Dl£1(‘(‘.< is 1111111-
tl1'1111 11 11u11111'1-11 1111-: 111-111), 111 1=x'1n1ino 1111- 111111\.

S 1-:'-111 V1-.11'.< ago [11:11 ~l-;el1-I1111< \\'1tl1 :1 1".I;1‘1~
beer of 1‘1i§l'1es and other objects were found 111—
side a cave in the lava. These sl1eleto11.<,_ p1'o1ect—
ed by gl-.15.; boxes, are still in the po.<111(111.< that

T1111 11: '
111 1‘11‘.'1'1“3‘.
111' 131- ‘1_'111\'1 :‘ "

   

 

   
   

 

 
 

 

 

   

 

11111;.’ '.1~.,-11111111"
1-11111‘ 1111‘1:1L-11:1
T110 1111'. 111:

    
  
 

1-11,111-\'z1.11

1f .‘-1..‘.

 

   
 

1:111!» 111 11:1 \;1_= '.-:1-1,1. 11. No
111111111111 .1 l ,3. _ 11; - 1 ;.t
‘..'1):‘11

1.\l1l.\_\'1'.—\11ZG1Z11'I{l- 101 X11

    

1111: 1111111111 wl11> 1‘1\t.11' .111 :;11- .\‘1,1;:11,,..,;   1-.
1111- 1‘11!1‘111.~1' 111' 111.; .‘~'p;1I1‘.L‘11’1;~ 1. ;; 41, - . 1 1.1.-
'11'I'.»'. 13'.‘-L j» 1,1i11 '1;.1‘.1- 11.1.10 1-'..._11,-11.1 11. ’ .1 .1‘

    

111;~.1.11c1' 1.!‘ 111111;, :1..‘;1;1,~ 1.: :_1..— 1.,
1111-11‘ 11111111-..'.111:... 1_-11:1-11:1~r11;.l.  :1.\'__..-.
113 1111‘1111;.1'11 cx«;n.';-.t111.*:,~ 111' . .11.  l
131111.-,111"I=-11 111-:11‘1:;..1)11t:-:';1t1:1; 11.
\»“111l.—. 111111 111121;" 5-1'z11l'11:11 1-1.111:
211111 1-11:111. U111; 111' :11c.:1- 1111-11. :1
Cl111111;1 \;:l11,-_\', New .\Iex11u, 1x1‘
J1\;1111*u111, 111” 1111- b111‘c-1111 111' .-‘.1111:
.\'11111l1,<1.11111111 l11.\'11tu11-, 1.: 1;1,.,11;~11,1.,1- 4; -_. 3;.
111w, 1\\:uc11 by 1119 '11111'e111.1.
"'1' 1‘L:1::,"   111- -1.

   
   

‘- 11: '.".8
.; .111d
1115
A.

 

      
   

       


.71“ \ .
1  .
.11,1\:I.»1'~, \I1y1‘11—.,'

   

 
            
  

-‘€'11LlN"l\, 11:1’:-' '11"':i.~. 111111». , 1;
111-1111:. ..-"1 :11.1:11,1~-.- 111' 1.11,I1_~ ».- -_1.... ;._1_.; .1 1,
.11-1: 112 ‘  <—.1-1- .1111... ' 1.1-.1 . I. 1 -1 11
 11~ ;1.— 1111111.-x11‘. " "  ‘ 1]
.1. :1 1;11r111- 1
13.131-'1 '11_\'1111 11
"""..'- ‘.'11‘.l.1"'
4 J I ‘V " ‘.

11111111 11;» 11.1
}_11,1L1z‘:1. 111:1‘.  11
'_.1«1,.\o-1111'

  
      
     

1- 11111, 1
.11" 1.1111‘ 1111111.
1111-3' g'1".1111.;1l‘
—13\'<.'l'1: \11l1'1‘1'. 1 ‘ 71'11‘.1

111 111.11.: 1: 1-.1;1..1l11-11 1-11.1.

    
    

1“11}1‘1E'1‘1:\ 111-3111;‘ 211 11‘1‘
111111-. T'1‘.1> 'w.'1111l/1 111 “. 1-.‘.=
111-1-.~1-111% 111 1111- 1111111 111' £1111-

Ull  llut 1x'T111‘.‘."Il _1"1l>'1
1 v.::~ 1:11.111 1
11-.1-11 1- 1511111 ¢:\'iri£—-n1-lg 1.'1.;11 .
\111l1l1-11l_\'. 1110 i11':1z1b11;1:1t~ 11.11 '.‘;1-1‘. 11111, "11; ‘1}'.(-
:111;11'k 111' 1111- 1-r1cn111,-.<, 11211111‘. 11. ~111111- 111111-1‘
Aft!-1' this 1111.13‘ 111-11-111‘1111'e. the .'11:1xI1-:1; }1:.',
111 l‘11—.~‘l1u VilT‘1l>ll(’11 COI‘.‘1])11'T(:1:.‘, .-.\ '
1;1111\\'l1-rlge gm-.~, but \-.‘1- zare 1,-1111—»‘;.
.\TOl‘lL‘.'\‘ of ruins lying‘ in 1121- \\'1\: :11:11 €11-.11 .1,
and (1 rec11nnz11<>zm1'e 111" 1l‘.i.~* 11-1:31.11 ‘.:'o'.1l1'1‘ he 1111.13:
11111-1'e>’t1ng."

 

l vr
11;‘ 11 '..:.~ 11

1'l.1'11l-.-1.. 1211!.
\1(1~ L11 ~.-1.1111 1,-1;;-y

     
  

 

'-£1‘ 11:'11‘»'1-.~1;.‘..1 1:...  .:‘ ..'.',i-.

 ’ ARGENTINE

GIRL TO
ESSAY
CHANNEL
SWIM

LillianrG. Har-
rison, the twenty-
year-old Anglo-
Argentine girl
who swam across
the River Plate
Dec. 22, the first
person to accom-
plish the feat,
hopes to set an-
other record by
being the first of
her sex to swim
the English
Channel. She is
planning, with
the backing of
the Argentine
Athletic Federa-
tion. to leave for
England in May
and attempt the
crossing during
the English sum-
mer.

Enrique Tira-
boschi, who swam
the channel last
summer and who
accompanied Miss
Harrison a part
of the distance
across the Plate,
believes she will
succeed in her
new venture. The
distance she had
to
the big South
American river
was 26% miles in
a direct line,
somewhat less
than the channel
swim, and, ac-
cording to Tira-
boschi, the chan-
nel currents are
no more diﬁcult
to master than
the Plate cur-
rents, thou gh
somewhat colder.
Tiraboschi him-
self failed in an
attempt to swim
the Plate two
years ago.

Miss Harrison
won cash prizes
of 7,000 pesos,
two cups and a
gold medal for
her feat. She
accomplished the
distance in 24
hours 1956 min-
utes.

swim across ‘.

 gram! and .-
ahu, anon: Illlllcr yc . .
.'?'..'!.':.'.':.'.:.:°.:°....-'";'a".‘;s'.*.".:.#r""°"'*-' » —
I! ' Parantaoffpn
advaneoﬂratdopoant.

hp.‘ nl-1;-I-.Ia:nva.b«.=:-no. at  '
usual pub-L-e Spud.“ Money.

Payllllen

 Well

I have an h0ll0ltk‘Pl’0YBll remedy for
goiu-o (big nee ). It checks the
growth at once, reduces the enlarge.
ment. ste pain and distress and re-
lieves Ina lttle while. hy hen wall.
Tellyeurfrlendsaboutthle. rlto
neatoace. DR, ROCK,
Dept. 96 M1731. Illvlaukee, WIS.

TBBABGU

Habit Cured or No Pay

form, ' ' (loo. ' . Is ' if
Any cnglalngz an pro‘: emu; 07:11.‘.
' Cook 81  it curao. Nothiar if it fails.

uritnna co. M-:1. Balehere. ue.

 

I-

Nay Model AI RSHIP

‘\ AID PARACHUTI

    
 
 

Hon! Here n the great navy
model x_ohip Lane 6 it.
air bag _wu.h Inﬂators
churn with autongaticro eaoo
. complete matructipn
' tr ilrinz. wm 11 for mils
It Imkhtofl 900 eo; [:3
Great enanee to ucudy aenal in on.

fghu be made. VIII’-I

] Slend a-$1.} for 12pa4:kaf¢oo! rfuned aacbet. yell at 10-: each.
return money when aod andvaui; wundezlul IIf_IhID Ls yours.
nay. ‘ ‘ Wm: we-.c

if you want real |po_fI get nun aural-up.
XS $3. I3... 3001.90-I .

 

OLD MONK WAXTZ) I
62 to 8300 EACH paid for hundreds of old
2 eolns. Keep ALL Old or odd mono]. it nay
be VERY valuable. Bend 10 ate. for ILLUS-
TRATED COIN VALIYE BOOK. 400. Get
Posted. We pay CAE

CLARKE COIN CO.. Ave 13. Lelloy, N. Y.

 OFT
It I l

!

PCS.& CO. F33‘?

H ‘ I x
CASI-10t?CI2IEDIfl‘:;-

*§\\*\““‘*">/4,,/Q 5END FOR CATALOG

 
  
 
 
 

\ .~¢' 3- ——
. '2 9‘ " Over 2.0M bargain: in Diemond—set
Jewelry, Watches. etc. Sent pgg.
-’j‘- Qlld for your FREE Examination.
‘\ catalog explains everything.
- A Money back It not aatlallod.

    
 
  

  
  

 
   

3 lﬂ~KSelld W1»: C
14.1: Solid wsi: diigj iii: 
lligll-Grade Railroad clng
“‘-‘J.“ ‘.2 _ Continued to Pane | g
No. . 21 J l _ ’
ruIca~_n..  e1ugl2s—'v7.'.:c:..d""T° “'1 ‘ . ‘
1",, ‘H ,__.. , .
we Pootuonl. Gold nfl.a 25-ii.'::'c...'|"  $50
now’: urasr mumouo. 21 J.-.l.; 3 ad)...‘ 3
sun. on 1...... ohm wmdiu. Gold emu, 20.1;-. c... 55

l0FllS BROS. & 00. National Jewelers
Do». [137 roe N. sun so. Chicago. in.
Stores -'-i r_~m«“. «Cities

4;

iScouts!

 
    

Come On,

  
 
  

.‘,_

A *1’-‘.3 ,5‘,

Let ’s Hear You Play

“Dig down in the old kit and pull out your
I-Iohner. We're going to stage a contest
and see ‘who’s who’ when it comes to music.
Every fellow that can whistle a tune has a
chance in this exhibition. We’re going to
start a harmonica band and we want to know
who's going to lead it. Tune up and let’a
hear what you've got in the way of harmony.”

The World’s Best

There's nothing like good music in camp or
on the trail; and there's nothing like a Hohner
for good music.

Get a Hohner Harmonica today and play
it tonight. 50c up at all dealers. Ask for lhl
Free Instruction Book. If your dealer is out
of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc., Dept. 155
New York City.

OHNER

ARMONIAS

95422221/.SZz!e
/ \. NEW Model

  

  

BOILER and

heavy puro copper

IrItna5-inch Son
Iraaa cap and
Spout. Rubber
Raaket between
cover and shoulder
make: airtight
Euil cleaned.

eaoﬂinaaecond y
uaixnpletwist oftho
thumb-Ieruv on

_ . .ng beets for general ulageeynch an
Ihorin¢oila,gaadme.ete. It luuallfenme and given real
aervice and Iatialaetion. Above are etnctly cash with
order Factory prieea. Send money order or check. Prompt
ahinment in plain Itronq hot Onlv can worth having,
Cntaltvvfe Free. HOME MANUFACTIJROHG CO:

. 725 321 W. Chicago Ava., Chicago. IIIIIOKO

   

  

 

mans;

. 1” West 181! street

 AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
—— LATEST ISSUES -——

929 Matt the .\Iechanic: or. The Boy Who Made His Pile.

930 Amongthe Ice Peaks; or. The Voyage That Made the
Money.

931 The Little Castaways; or. The Fortune That s
Wreck Brought. _

932 Taking Big Chances; or. The Boy Who Saved a
Town.

'93.‘! Always Lucky: or. Winning on His Merits.

934 Out' for a Corner: or, A Smart (‘hicngn Roy.
93!‘: The Winning Trick; or. How a Boy Made His Mark.
996 The Young Editor: or. Running :1 Country News-
nper. —
937 A gig Stroke: or. The Lad Who Made a Record.
938 In’ the Copper Fields; or, The ‘Mine That Made
the Money.
939 Frngm :1 Cent to Fortune; or. A (‘hicago Boy's Great

0009.
940 A Sign in Life: or. A Poor Bo,v's Rise to Fame.

on A Wide-Awake Boy; or. Born With a Winnin¢

Streak. ~«
942 Caigiriw tkhe Money: or. How Ben Bailey Made
. . ar .

M3 Digging for Gold: or. The Luck of a Boy .\_*liner./
044 A Boy with Grit: or. Earning an Hons--at Linux-
945 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.

I46 Fame Before the Footlights; or. The Boy Who

Bossed the Theatre.
047 Lucky Lee the otllce Boy: or..’l'he Newest Lad 1"
New York.

as Sure to Get Rich: or. A Smart Young Messenger.
1149 Pushing It Through: or. The Fate of :1. Lucky Day.
I50 A Born Speculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

81:!‘ t.
951 The Weasy to Success: 01‘. The Boy Who Got 'l"hel’8»
952 Struck Oil: or. The Bov Who Made a Million.
068 A Golden Risk: or. The Young Miners of Della

C .
951 A Surrgfwinner: or. The Boy Who Went Out With a
‘ Circus.
Fog gjle by all newsdealsrs. or will be sent to any ad-

.u-.“ on receipt of price. ‘It. per oonv. in money or non-

togs stamps.

‘rm: IOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE is Ni:N'rs
955 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or, The Boy Treasure Hunters

of Cocoa lslnnd.

W’ Adrift On the World; or. Working H13 W3! I0 F0-1"

time.
968 Playing to Win: or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street
969 Tatters: or. a Boy From the Slums.
A Young Monte Cristo; or, The Richest Boy in the

§

World.
961 Won by Pluck: or. The Boys Who Ban :1 Railroad.
962 " Beating the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Collldll t

Be Done.
— A Rolling Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on RemI'd-

Never Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Hal)?!
ll . .
Bovs: (ft, the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street. P‘
The Chance of His Life; or. The Young lot of
Crytal Lake '

Striving for Fortune: or. From Beil—Boy to Million-

1 .
O:t"for‘Buslne.ss; or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune: or, Striking it Rich in Wall

- Street.
Through ‘Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of a
Smart Boy.

HARRY K. WOLFE, Publisher. lnc..
. New York City

 

scamuuos “°‘” T°
« WRITE
. Prlos ll Coats ?Or Co’!

This book contains all the most recent chansel
s:‘.—‘:°...:“:.*°°.“:..:°.::::°':‘:e:...':A‘.::;';;=_‘.‘:m 2:

For sails by all New as and
'- -°.::

prlos. 88 cents. ‘in money o  .
  s,':s.._‘_ltvIr 1-I; II. 2-

  
 

  

 
  

J

   
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
    
  
     
      
   
   
   
  
      
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
      
      
          
     
 
   
  
 
  
        
 
   
  

oua  HAND Booxs 
Useful. Instructive, and Amusing. They oontailtﬂi

Valuable Information on Almost "_‘ “
Every Subject.

 

No. 1. NAPOLI-10N'S OBACULUH AND DBEAﬂ
BO0K.—Containing the great oracle of human destiny:
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams .
toggther with charms, ceremonies, and curious lame; of _
car 2. . -.

No. 2. How To no 'rBlCKs.—'I'he great book of—
magic and card tricks, containing full instruction on all ‘
the leading card tricks of the day. also the most popular
magical illusions as performed by our leading magi-
cians; every boy should obtain a copy of this book.

‘So. 3. HOW’ TO FLIR'l‘.—The arts and wiles of lliril-.
tion are fully explained by this little book. ' Besides the _
various methods of handkerchief. fan. E1079. P811001.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the
language and sentiment of ﬂowers. ..

No. 5. HOW TO WAKE LOVI’-I.—A complete guide to "
love. (:0ul'i:slJlp and marriage. giving sensihlg advice,
rules and etiquette to be ohsyed. with many curious
and interesting things not ge erally known. ».

No. 7. HOW TO KEEP BIBDS.—I-Inndsumeiy illIO- .'
trated and containing full instructions for the manage-
ment and training of the canary, mockingbird, bobolink.
hint-khird. paroquet. parrot. etc.

No. 8. now To BECOME A SCIEl\"l‘IsT.-—A useful
and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on
chemistry: also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.
mathematics. chemistry. and directions for making ﬁgs-
works. colored tires. and gas balloons. This book can-
not be equaled. ~

No. 9. now To BECOME A \'mt'rnlLoouIs'r.-..«
By Harry Kennedy. Every intelligent boy reading this‘
hook or instructions can master the art, and create any
amount of fun for himself and friends. it «is the great- ‘
est book ever published. - ‘

No. 10. HOW To BOX.—The art of self-defense made
easy. Containing over thirty illustrations of guardl.
blows and the different positions of a boss: '
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and la-
structive books. as it will teach you how to box 11$-
out an instructor. .

No. 11. HOW TO WRITE LOVE-LE1'TEII8.—A "nag e.
icomxllletellitttle boolé, containing full directions for writ‘
ng ove— et era. an when to use them. irin speclnj ‘‘
letters for young nnd old. I; g ~ . 5

No. 13. now To no rr; 03. BOOK or 31-12
QI.'ET'l'E.—lt is 11 great life secret. and one that every ..
young _mnn desires to know all about. There’: nap‘?!-'
ness in it. . »

No. is. HOW rro xnsr A wmnow canons...
Containing full instructions for constructing a window
garden either in townor country. and the must approvvil
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers an home.
most complete hook of the kind ever published. '

No. 11. now T0 nlu-:ss.——contalnln rul inatnae-'
tion in the art of dressing and appesringg Weill at lions
and abroad. giving the selections of colors. maferiﬂ;
sag her; trinlrivze I lean lélgtle up. ~ , “ *

0. T0 E ME BEAU'l'lFUL.—-() ﬁg“
brightest and most valuable little books ever ngivoefn h
the world. Everybody wishes to know how to hocoq
beautiful. both male and female. The secret is staph.
and almost costless. -

No. N. 0 T0 ENTERTAIX
!'AB'l'Y.—A complete compendium of games, .
card diverslons., comic recitations, etc.. suitable total’:-

UK’

   
  

   
 

   
 
  
 
  

   
 
   
    
  
  
   

 
 
 

       
    

ior or drawing-room entertainment. It cont;
for the money than anv book published.
No. 2:. now To no slscoxn BlGI[‘l‘.—Eell.gr'g
ond sight ex mined by his former assistant. Frag .
Jr. Explain ng how the secret dialogues were .
on between the magician and the boy on tho stop;
giving all the codes and signals. V .
Noun. now To EXPLAIN DIIEAXB.--'.l.‘hls'
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dresnu,.ai-
gether with lucky and unlucky days. ‘ , ,;
No. as. now to 1-m.L 1rox'rumcs.-—-lveryoog’ T
desirous or knowing what‘ his future life will bring 
whether happiness or misery. wealth or povsrty._ r""
can tell by a glance at this little book. Buy oné ﬁg!’ “‘
convinced. - .

For sale by all nswsdoalers. or will bo’ssaI to

address on recent as price. 10:. per copy.
Q in money or stslllll. by - ' _ ‘

lunar E. wonrr. Psblislur. Ian.
1“ Wet zsdﬁsuer s p

'.
. » \.
4‘ ..-

  
   

   
  
    
      
 

    
  
    
  
 

   

 

   

  
     

  

    

    