NEW YORK, JUNE 11, 1926

  E W If 5 
sxﬁwgﬁm WW?

3 OY S 0 MO N EY.
A [B/é3R»’J‘E 9 [W 6    
an, Rnmmestumds TB‘WALL5TREET.

      
   

Sxgn. eced tine sxx
disguised brokers in sepulcbral tones. making a similar motion toward the document

Bound. save his right arm. and gagged. what could Sid Fenton do?

  

 

est 23d Street. New York, N. Y

 

. Issued VVV1>ekly—-SllbSCl'l[)H0n Dl‘l(‘9.v$-|.lPll per year! Canada. $4.50: Furelzn. $5.0“ Harry E. Woltf. Publllher. me.. 160
".‘~ r W . Entered as Socond—Cliiss Matter, October 4. 1911. It ,
the Poshoﬂlce at New York. N. Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.

_, No. 1080

Price 8 Cents.

CHAPTER I.——In the Slums.

   
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
     
    
 
   
 

"_fl\Vl1at’s the lay. Jenkins? Spit it out and don_’t
 us, a-guessin' in the dark. . If the scheme is
“li ely one, me and Toby is with you with both
; feet, for our funds is that low we'll _soon be driven
dam’ wrong, which ain’t. in our line, though ’I ll
. allldw that Toby‘ a_in’t.p.artic'lar to a. shade. ’
“:"’._,'I'1ie/, speaker grinned sardonically as he pulled
'93‘-‘an od briar-root pipe. He was a rough,
sheggbg-loollcling nlfen, ciimpact of lzirllild. g1‘e9-say, 1:1
:11 ;o as ave,c an men, an 0 er acces rie .
,.His face was hard and repellant, with the reck-
" less look of a person accustomed to taking desper-
té chances in life. By no stretch of the imagina-
rtion could he be called a respectable member of
ociety. On the contrary, truth compels us to
eclare that he was a_ professional crook, not
' l}_iany"weeks out of Sing Sing prison, and his
ame was Bud Bradshaw. He and two compan-
 were seated at a rude table, on which was
spread the remains of a cheap meal on cracked‘
mockery, kept in countenance by a bottle of vile
whisky; in a back room of a. rear tenement in one‘
’io£fﬂ1e,1owest neighborhoods of New York.
. L The block itself was full of dives and drinking
“saloons, kept by shady characters and frequented
bir‘ still more shady customers, most of, whose
= “mugs” were to be found at the ‘‘Rog'ues’_GalIery ,
‘a>t?No}<3 0 Mulberry Street, which iis'p1<)ilicehhead-
' rter . I If. a crook was “wante ’ y t e au-
t‘l?d;:*ii:iiets, ’tl]i|i_s wasdtlifetgrstdpcllacie gab: gletectives
ooe or im,an1 ey in n eirman
‘t was génerally because he ha been tipped off in
j,;,i-me to make himself scarce. he block in ques-
I ﬁim-_might truly be called a part of the slums of
2 ‘ﬂaw York, for it is do§ub_tfu1_/if. there was a more
degraded or vicious section in the, city._. The in-
” _'dual= referred to by Bud Bradshaw as T0bY
uﬁ, if al1Bytlé1lI1l‘g, 9. lséiade more disreputable look.
.4.-ha,n u imse ..
ﬁe  thin, wiry "and short” in S_li8t111'8: ‘and
m.kﬁOWn to the police as a sneak thief who con-
 operatlions, atseda $1116» tot ﬂlilit v31:s‘_1-‘£19:
act wan a resen , e -
ostiigrteillaiice of the p ai‘ l0thes=men of
 ward on general suspicion, and he found it
‘ ’ t not to make himself too. conspicuous. As
‘aw was likewise being watched, that will

 

NEW YORK. JUNE 11. 1926

A GAME BOY

OR, FROM THE SLUMS TO WALL STREET

"pt7fo'r the.-ﬁnancial stringency that aﬁectod

  
 

By :=\WSELF-MVADE MAN

them at the period this story opens. Jenkins, the
third man of the trio around the table, looked de-
cidedly out of place in his miserable surround-
ings. To begin with, he had an honest-looking
face, but we are sorry to add that his countenance
did him a great injustice, for he was a born crook.

He was an uncommonly shrewd fellow; and
though he had been arrested several times for
“second story” work. and once for highway rob-
bery,‘ nothing had been proved a inst him. At
any rate, no Centre Street judge ad yet had the
pleasure of sending him up the river, and there-
fore he was an object of envy to his friends.
Jenkins, whose other name was Tad, was néverrso
hard pushed that he couldn’t sport a decent suit
of clothes, and this fact added to the illusion pro-
duced by the honest stamp of his good-looking
features. ‘ We may also remark that Jenkins,
when in New York. always rented a room in a
respectable lodging-house in the Tenderloin, and

. he only visited the slums when he had business
to transact with some individual who found it

advisable to keep out of the limelight. On the

present occasion Jenkins had called on Bud Brad- ’

shaw to talk business, and Bud was anxious to
learn what‘ was in the wind. -

“The lay is a good one," replied Jenkins to’

Bradshaw; “but as one 'man‘couldn't begin to
carry all ‘the swag away I've come here to let you
in on the job.”

Bud. “We’re pals at present.” ’

up I’ll include him.” - .
“Toby is all to the mustard. I'll be responsible

for him." ‘

“He looks smart enough,” ad ' the visitor.
“Well, the thing ‘is this: I’ve gbvorkin fas ,-
gardener and ‘second man’ for rge Nob e, a .

stock broker, at his country residence in Scars-
dale, for thepast two months.” .
“What! Tryin’ to turn over a new leaf and be
honest?” ' grinned Bradshaw.
“Not quite. I heard that the

job in order to learn the ropes.”

“Did it take you two months to learn what you‘, ' I

wanted to know?"

-“No; but I had reasons for not wanting -to leave A

'5_ on

too quick. Things are ripe now, there is'swa*¢_ to

“If you want me you must take Toby, too," said .» r

“If you’ll guarantee, that Tpby can hold his end,

lzoble place offered, '
inducements: for persons in our inc and I tookzthe _

 
  

 l2 , _ A GAME. BOY

burn in ,'the house. and if you and your pal will
ioin me in this enterprise I'll guarantee you won't
need to work again for a year unless you make
’ ducks and drakes of your share of the plunder.”
“What do you say, Toby? Do we take a hand
with Jenkins?” asked. Bradshaw, looking at his
pa . ~ . v
“You kin count me in to the limit,” replied_the
sneak thief with animation. “Pm willin’ to take

; considerable chances to make a prime haul.”

“We’re with yer,” said Bradshaw, looking at
their visitor. “I’ve got a kid I’d like to break
into the business. What do yer say to takin’ him
along? He'll do to shove in at the pantry win-
der, or through the cellar gratin’, whichever is

- the handiest way of forcin’.an entrance into the
use.
“ e’ll take him if he's up to snuff,” replied

Jenkins.

“I'll see that he does his dooty,” answered Brad-
shaw with an imprecation. '
The visitor seemed satisﬁed, and ﬁnding that
the bottle was empty he suggested an adjourn-
; ment to a back room in one of the nearby saloons.
~ As he had the coin to blow in the other two ac-
cepted his invitation with alacrity, and the three
men rose and left the room; Scarcely had the
men left the room when from one of the dark
corners there issued a boy of fourteen years,
whose bright, restless eyes looked around suspi-
. ciously, while his listening attitude was that of
one who feared discovery. The only articles of
. wearing apparel upon-his thin limbs were a air
of trousers, much too large for him, sustained
by one suspender running diagonally across his
chest. and a shirt which had not seen the wash-
’ tub for a- longtime.
His hair, which sadly needed cutting, resembled

a mop; his face was far from clean, and his feet-

were bare. He looked exactly what he was———a
‘poor outcast of society, a thin that women pass
by with pity and men with in ifference; one who
had already tasted the bitterness and- wogs of
life. and for whom the future seemed to hold no
encouragement. Apparently satisﬁed that the
three men had gone, the boy rushed to the table
and cleaning the plates of the few’ scraps of foo
- began to devour them in ravenous haste, keeping
‘his eyes ﬁxed on the door and all his senses on
the alert. He had scarcely ﬁnished the last crust
when he heard footsteps approaching along the
entry on the other side of the door. -
. In a moment he darted over to the corner and
vanished behind a box that stood there. The door
opened and admitted a youth of about the same

age as the first. [His attire , was ‘ragged and ..

dirty, and he had the Advantage of the other
youth, inasmuch as his back was covered with a
1 jacket, and! ened cap _sat jauntily upon his
 head. "Fhe .a sharpness about his eyes that
indicated a
* beyond his years. while he showed a reckless in-
 di.ﬂ'eren_c‘e concerning his rough-and-ready sphere.
' in the social scale. .
Alighted cigarette was stuck between his lips,
and when he removed it for a moment two long

 
     
  

 

"""t1-ills and curled toward the ﬁlthy ceiling. He
 threw himself\c9.i'elessly into one of the

    
 
  

gaze fastened on a milk bottle. which towered

pick up de coin like a gent of leisure. Datfs grab:-"~

edge and suspicion of men‘ far‘

- puffs ofnslate-colored ‘smokeiissued from his nos-
. p chairs’
‘ and looked mechanically about the. room. His.

above -the crockery. [Reaching out he seizw it _-

 

and held it between him andthe’ dull light that... “I
came through the dirty panes of the only window. 
the room boasted. ‘_ ’. ‘ .

"Not a drop,” he ejaculated in a tone of dis-'__’_5’.

gust. “Might have known dat Bud wouldn't leave f,-,‘
it bottle round wit’ anythin’ in it. Well, I don't .-
eer. ’ ~

He pulled ahandful of small coin from his T
pocket, spread it upon the table and proceeded~‘to‘—1.
count it., 

“Ij‘orty-nine cents. If Bud suspicioned I had so {j
much wealt’ he’d hold me up and go t’i-oug-h me . ;.
clothes.” ~~

While he was speaking the other boy came from
behind the_box _and began creeping toward‘ the; g
door. In his anxiety to make his escape from the? 
room as quietly as possible he forgot to watch out" 1*.‘
for obstructions and the result, was he tripped
over a stool. The boy at the table sprang on his
feet and looked around. He instantly detected the.‘
other youth. ,. " -

“W_e1l, I’ll be jiggered!” he exclaimed in soin
surprise. . .  

Then_he sprang between the other and the door

“.Trym’ to cut your lucky, eh?”, he snapped
facing the first youth as he rose to his feet
“Think ye’re smart, but yer ain’t smart enough
for me. How did yer git out of yer closet?” ’ ‘

“Let me pass,” said the other in a ﬁerce, co
centrated tone. ’ ‘

“I will—like fun. What d’ye take me florid 
orders are to see dat yer don’t ﬂy dc coopﬂso
yei-"ll go back to yer holeat oncejﬂ’ - “ I I .

“Never!f’ cried the other desperately. 

Nev_er_1s a long day, cully,” grinned the toug
boy, Splttlllg‘ out the last of the cigarette. ' ‘

“I won't stay here no longer." ,

"l.)at so? We’ll see about it.” ~

He reached out to grab the ﬁrst boy, who ._.
gaéliled quickly away and placed the table between
“I’m not going to be made ‘a thief of,” 
boy who was _on the defensive.  

Oh, yer ain’t, eh? Yer ought to be gladof.
chance to make yer way ahead in de world.”" -- ' '

“I can make my way ahead in an honest we.’

‘,‘W ill Yer listen to dat? Yer’d rather workrdyag

   
 
 
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
    
    
   
 
   
    
  
  
  
    
   

tood for de trouble dat,Bud_is takin’ wit’ yer’.
I wuz him I wouldn't bother wit’. yer,” _
“Why does he? Why was I- brought’ éie ,
that fellow Toby? He and Bud hain’t got-no right
to keep me here against my will. I don’t want;
stay. I won t stay, he added with ﬂashing. 433.
Yes, yer will. .. Yer’l1 stay as long as, ‘
W§‘nts_to keep yer.” ' _ . , _»j  "
“I won t, I tell you,” cried the other resolutely
4 How yer goin to help»yerself‘.7"’ sneered.
tough youth. ‘fI’n_i not gain’ tolet er out,’_ _
m going in spite of‘you,” sai thevﬁrs boy
desperately. _ * ; V  ~_, ,
“Let’s see yer try it," replied the ‘hard
sneeringly. I U '.j,m
« The answer the other returned was to push tlr‘
table over at him and spring for _tzhe'tloor. “Th:
table~ f’ell_’with_a, crash. and the edge  M
tough boy s barﬂoes. He uttered a h(YWI'.0f.p I
and danced about the room like g-.{'xnonke''y' *
hot stove, while the-ﬁrst -boy pulled open); ‘
and _ran—into the arms of Bud Bradshaw
was lI'I‘the_ act of entering, if/oll,0V\ d 'b.y..)T6 '

    
  
      
     

 , I

  
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
   
   
    
  
    

3 CHAPTER II.——-'1'he Reason, Why.’

' .“Quch 1" exclaimed Bradshaw, as the boy's head
batted into his stomach. -' .

j.vWhatever chance-the youth might have had to
.. escape owing to the surprise of the two men was
‘lost by his own surprise at running against them
unexpectedly. Before he recovered Bud grabbed
him by the arm and pushed him back into the

. room. .
' _ ‘.‘W.hat in thunder does this mean?” roared Bud
angrily. . “What’s the matter with you, Snorkey?

Bradshaw ﬁred his questions at the tough youth
like pistolshots and Master‘ Snorkey, holding his
njured toes in one hand. concluded it was best for
him to answer at once. ‘
I. “I dunno how he got out,” he replied sulkil .
‘He throwed de table over on me toes andnear y
mashed ’em, den he put for de door hot-foot.”

,‘fWh_v didn't you stop him, you young imp?
Didn't I tell you to keep your eye on him when
.we~,were out? If we hadn't come back when we
id‘ he might have got clear off.” ~

- ‘_‘I did stop him when he fust tried to git away,
but'he'got behind de table and stood me off. ‘Den
he ‘fired it over on me foot. Oh, lor'! It hurts
ike, blazes.” and Snorkey caressed his injured
‘g and toes. “I’1l ﬁx youse for dat, see if I
on't,” ‘he said, shaking his fist at the prisoner.
-“How did you get out of your closet?” Bud
ried, shaking the unfortunate boy. -
s The ‘lad maintained a dogged silence.
‘Won't answer, eh? Well, you'll go back into
ag'in,*' dragging him toward a door which
opened into another mom. . -
;;‘fYou'haven’t no right to keep me aprisonerv in
this;house," said the boy. ‘ l

“A thief. you mean. [Well. I won't be one.”

“_You'll be just what I choose to make you.
’.ye‘.hear?‘or I'll give you a knock on the head
tuddrop you in the'sewer,"_ snarled Bradshaw. ‘
"He yanked the boy into the next room and then
discovered how the lad had got out of the dark
uluset in which he had been imprisoned for over

 of its hinge and then crawled through the
-Bpac"e"where the door yielded.’ Bud swore roundly
«when hesaw the damage done by the prisoner,
ffed him several times about the ears, unlocked
é'jdOOY and shoved him back into his coop; Then
‘ '”sent.'1‘oby to borrow a hammer and some nails
éth which to repair the door. ,
V“Soyou're goin' to take that kid along with us
-S_'carsdale?" [said Toby, when he and Bradshaw,
ﬁre seated at the table ﬁfteen minutes later
élﬁtmpling afresh bottle of whisky Jenkins had‘
' ought.»for them. ' . Y .
l:Q,"’ growled Bud, who was not in the best

111I)01'.
“I,"think it's foolish. What good will he be to
mBe,sides.;he's‘bound to give us no end of
i e, ‘ « . . ’
I'£_he‘puts on any didos with me I'll make» him
 eat for the morgue.” _' ’ ’
' emit seeang use; tr!-,v,in"_t.o eddicate him to the
; He »ain't got it in him... Besides, he's
an .:'He_’s.3u‘st.as liable as not to give.
. no spfile the job."   _ ' \_,

   
 

   
   

How did this young monkey get out of his den?" ‘

.1‘,‘—ShutVupl! ' I'm goin? to make a man of_you."..

week.’ He had kicked the bottom‘ of the door‘

  

boy to the back

A GAME BOY p ‘ y '3’

‘.‘Let him try it, and he'dInever see daylight‘-
ag’in. . ‘ 
“You seem to. take a whole _lot of interest in
himﬁ who is he; anyway?”
‘ e s my map ew.
‘ '“Your nevvy, eh?”
“Well. I married his mother's sister."
“I didn’t know you was married.” _
“I ain't at present. The old woman got a di-
vorce when she found out how I made a livin’.” -
“How long ago was that?” ' . ‘
th“A1i:>ut ﬁve ‘years. I got square with her,
gllliqsow did you?” ‘
_‘‘She thought .a whole lot of this boy. I had
hu‘nFk1dnaplped and brought to New York.” 
«B::::::.:%  ‘
“Howlong ago did you do that?"
_ “Two years. He was twelve years old at the
time. I handed him over to old Mother ‘Scroge to
make use of him in her 3unk—shop. She's seen to

it that he never got a chance to give her the slip. '

He was a spunky little chap at ﬁrst, but I guess
she took all the nonsense out of him. I've seen
her beat him deaf. dumb and blind more’n once. ~
He's been licked, "and starved, and knocked
around so much that he's next door to a shadﬂer,
as you must have noticed.” I -,
_Yes, he looks pretty thin. ‘When I took him.
h1S'g‘1'1.1b he grabbed at it like a starved animal.

- Yovlsaid his name was Fenton, didn’t you?"

"‘Yes.'Sid Fenton. It'll look well iv the police’
reports one of thesepdays,” chuckled Bradshaw. ‘
“Then your idea for makin’ him a crook, if you

kin, is to clinch your revenge on your [wife that“ ‘

was?”

“That's it. .Shc'd_no right_to go back on nie
'cause I got pulled in -for a Job in ‘Chelsea and".
sent to prison for ﬁve years; but she did, and’ I
swore I'd get square with her. She tried to ﬁnd
the boy after I got hold of him, but as she didn't,‘
have no money to speak of she couldn’t.make
much headway. She doesn't know whether he's‘.
dead or not. As soon as I can get him pinched
for some job I'll see that she gets the news; Then‘
she'll know that he ain't no better’n I am.”'

“Your sch e is all rig_h_t if you kinmake it '
work, but _'I oubt if you km. As I said before,“
that boy, ain't cut out for no crook. . He's goin' to
ﬂ‘ ht hard agin’ ou. If _you,wasn't so dead set’
9. out the matter you might see yourself that .
you've bittenx oif -more than you kin chew. Better’
send him back to Mother Scrooge and let her

‘hammer him into po‘tter”s ﬁeld. That ought to be ‘

revenge enough for you. It wﬂld for me;” H W
Toby's advice was not palat ‘ 1e‘ to Bradshaw, .
who was getting drunk and ugly over the whisky‘,

and, he started in to quarrel with his "companion. - 

The sneak thief was prudent
anything moregto
wouldn't have stood muc-h show in a scrap with
the burly Bud, and the impending trouble grad-
ually blew over. In the meantime how fared» it
Wlth Sid'Fen*-ion in the closet of the next /room?

enough not to have s

vBadly enough.’ , Beaten, abused and half starved?» ‘ ii‘ 
as he had been for-- the past.two years, he was, .

indeed a mere shadow of what he was at twelve

year .11 k'd edfg 'Bjsto. B . 
l....i.:’.::i..:d::;?a*....:gr ° 1* it is an

, 4 , to break in 1:
any other roun‘:'1"\t ofhis yea1'S.“h“e .ss.§§?§"’
n_e.  /, , — i‘ ' \' .

  
  

  
   

say on the subject,‘ as he/. '

 
    
  
 

 7 p ’ ‘surprise.

 

  
 

Q.

  

1 _‘~

I prisoner,” he__ said. , . .«
‘ (1 through the glass opposite the holes

    

'  two or three

‘ '71 h ld h k '9.’
..‘l’i1o’siiss;;Ji‘<1:ion tlllialt-‘lice ehgd been drugged, or that

4.

Pluck and dogged resistance to oppression had
been born in him. and it would manifest itself as
long as he drew the breath of life. Sterling hon-
esty, and a tendency to do what was right in the
face of every obstacle, was also a part of his na-
ture, not only implanted at his birth, but con-
stantly inculcated by the teachings of his good
aunt up to the time of his abduction. Only in
outward appearance, wrought by the misery and
wicked companionship he had been forced to en-
dure, did he look like a part of the slums. Toby
had made no mistake in his estimation of Sid’s
character when he remarked that the boy wasn’t

‘cut out for a crook. It. wasn’t possible, to make
him one, and if Bud Bradshaw hadn’t been so
thick-headed and revengéful he would have under-
stood that job he had undertaken was futile. The
rascal, however, was bent on carrying his point,
and like many other short-sighted people he came
to grief.

"Sid made no further attempt to escape from
his prison pen that day. He judged it would be
useless. But he was more than ever determined
to escape from his unsavory surroundings and
make his way back to Boston by hook or by crook.
About ﬁve o'clock Toby visited him with an un-
usually plentiful supply of food, which included a
cup of coffee. Sid looked at the rovender in as-
tonishment. He could not remem r when he had

been treated to such a meal before, at least since '

he -had been brought to‘New York. He was so
hungry, however, that he did not waste time
thinking about the matter, but cleaned up every-
thing in sight. As he drained the last drop of
the coffee he sank back with a sigh of content.
Toby watched him with a wicked grin, took the
dishes and locked the door again. Ten minutes
‘later. Sid was unconscious, in the grasp of a
drugged sleep; H

CHAPTER III.—Sid Finds Himself in‘ a Strange
V Place. ‘

When Sid came to his senses again he was
conscious that a change had taken ‘place in his
‘surroundings. He was no longer penned
dark, ill-smelling closet. but had the libertysof a
fair—sized attic. Bright sunshine shone through
the many interstices in a pair of closed shutters
outside a ‘glass window, _and imparted a genial
glow to. the room. The boy looked around him in

“Where am I. I wonder? Am hdreaminii, or

in. thin the reel thin '{ Looks as if I had eon
‘ taken somewhere wlii e I slept.‘ It couldn't be far
mused Sid, who he

he had been carried completely out of New York
' City up into Westchester County, and locked up in

outskirts of Scarsdale. _
. Hegot on his'—feet and walked to the window.
He tried to raise' the lower sashnof the window,
biitfound it was nailed tight‘, The. upper one
' ‘as also ﬁxed so it. could not be; moved. n
“Whatever, the change, -I appear to-be
‘, He peere
in theshutters. J

    

To his astonishment there ‘were
dist_ant,liouses in sight. Clearly

had been Vcarried’ into the ‘ cour_1try-'

£
, .

A GAME BOY

thing: of a miracle. considering that he had Jiof.

ina‘

, him at er shefourid out wlia —

{he attic of 3, small, old—fashioned house on the

still a _ _
3 their wheel.‘ if I die for it." he said resohitéﬁié,

    

, fully, but _I’m going to watch

How this‘, they'll  ‘there’sTmore,,-in.:_m vtha tli"

   
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
    
  
  
  
 
   

had beeneffected without his knowledge. he?‘ coul
only understand. The sight of green -ﬁelds and
open air was ‘so -new to him that he gazed long‘
and rapturously at the view before him. During‘
the last two years he had not seen even a‘ sliru_b,~
and as to the open air, all he had seen of it w.as‘
what he could catch between the backs of ‘low’.
tenements, a space that was so contracted, arid‘
ﬁlled with sewei'~like smells. that it was little beta
ter than a funnel for all the villainous odors =0‘
the immediate neighborhood. _ 
How the boy managed to exist under the con
ditions to which he had beemsubjected was someoﬁ

been usedto them; Sid could see a road on which
automobiles and other vehicles passed occasion
ally. He_ also heard the long whistle of a trai
approaching the Scarsdale station. After he had -_
feasted his eyes on the beauties of suburbanliiiev

for some time it occurred to. him to trythe 
of the attic. He was not greatly disappointedéto.
find it locked, for he had expected as much. The T
was another window on the other side of the room
and he went to it. It was fastened up likefth '
other, and the shutters not having any holesgini

them he could see nothing through them; 

He felt satisﬁed that the view was more oi-Qless. ‘
similar to what he had been gazing on, and he-rel’
turned to the other window. again. Finally, after
another long look, he sat down on the ﬂooirarii
began to wonder why he had been brought there..
The change was certainly a very agreeable one "to
him, but the mystery of it challenged speculation. )_
Undoubtedly there was a reason behind it, andho 
tried to figure out what that reason could . :
Suddenly he recalled the conversationvaboilt th , -2
projected robbery of the house of a broker mini '7 -
George Noble at a place called Scarsdale.whicl‘i' ’_
he had overheard between Bradshaw, hisi‘:pa ‘
Toby and -the man named Jenkins, the previoiil
day just before he made his: futile attempt tofe‘
cape from the house in New York. Sid had jneyezg
heard of Scarsdalecbefore. but as the broker 
his country residence there. he judgedthai; it'w
some small out-of-town place. Just where Scat
dale was located he had no idea, but he belie
it could not be very far from New York. ' _ 

“Looks to me as if these rascals have come-to
Scarsdale to put that fob of theirs through; 
that they brought me with them. Do they  
pect me to help them? If they do ‘they’re»:go,i_'n 3-:
to ‘be left. I know Bradsliaw intends to tr’ ‘' ' .
make a thief out of me. I heard him tell 0' "
Scrooge that he intended to get square with
aunt t rough me. because she o1tdaddi‘vorce>f’

n .- 5’ .
really was. He may be able to do me 
never makes, thief of me if he should tryiio
hundred years.” ‘ _' "v-
’ Sid spoke the last sentence out aloud,;_and. ,j
thumped his leg: in, an emphatic way,  ‘L
nodoubt but,he was thoroughly in earnest» H

  

 

‘wondered in what way the crooks expected

make use of him. v - , __
“Ifthey take me on their thieving ,expe';di_
and I get the slightest chance I’ll,put.a‘. spo"

may be, only a boy, but aboy can do, anwh L
sometimes. I..’ve no doubt they’ll. watch‘:
,tli€Pﬂ.. too.

      
   

     

 

. V can." I

» Soon after midday Sid heard somebody at the
I door, which presently opened and admitted Toby
‘with. a traycontaining some food. _

A .“‘Here’s your dinner. Sid Fenton.- I’ll leave it
‘ Here‘; he said: “How d’ye like your new £1113-1"
.ters.

,5 “I like it better than the city, and_I’d like it
-- better still if I wasn’t cooped up in this room.”

. “If you behave yourself and act sensibly you
.won’t be cooped up much longer, replied Toby
, insinuatingly. _

' “What do you mean by behaving ‘myself and
9"acting sensibly?” asked Sid, thinking to draw the
- st‘-leak’ thief put. I _
’;~“You‘r Uncle Bud will tell you about it later

‘I »

 
  

 

  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
     
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
    
     
   
  
 
    
   
    
    
 
  
    
   
    
    

'‘How far from New York is this_ place?”
‘Not more’n’a ‘hundred miles,” grinned Toby.
'7‘;‘How did you bring me here without me know-
 anything about it?” V
v " ‘You want to know too much.”
; -“I'd like to know that.”

=“Well. it’s one of the tricks of the trade.”
i “What trade?”
" “The easy money trade,” chuckled Toby. ..
«*~..'"1'd like to know why I was brought here. It
_asn’t"for nothing.” V
gl“N0, '.V0u_can‘ gamble on thz:;t.'.’
f‘Ain’t you going to tell me? .
"’Li“Not a word. I’m not lookin’ for trouble.”
’, “Then, you'd get into trouble by telli_ng_me?”
".“That’s about the size of it. Bud insisted on
fetghin’ you, though I told_ him he was foolish.

on ain’t any good here that I kin see.” »
"“Do you think Bradshaw will tell why he
rought me?" _ '
“‘,‘I guess hewill.
Anyway.” _ , ‘

‘How will I find out.”'_4_ _ ' H — ‘
‘That's up to you, my inppm, grlmyegi the
ef. “Better eat your dinner, for you aint had
"Ynfeakfast.” ,, ’ . ‘
5«Why, what time is it?” asked Sid in surprise.
only woke up about an hour ago.”

  
 
 

If h'e'doesn’t,.you’ll ﬁnd out

“It's after one o’clock.”

“ll ‘:1’, ._, ,_ \ ,
, ynever did that before,” replied Sid, rather
t\z'mléd'to account £or\the lapse of time. ‘
§'I‘hat?s because ‘Mother Scrooge wouldn’t -let
 ’ Budis easier with you. Do as he wants you
* apd"you’ll live in clover. Pull agin’ him and
6u'1‘nay~ become a subject for an undertaker.
lvim he means _ V
've‘~5"s.nd it you ‘take my word for it it won't ‘be

' . si niﬁcant words ‘Tab left the room
‘ stehe ‘floor after him. . Tlley made little
' 'p"ression on Sid, for the food occupied hiswhole
—" tteiition atpresent. It was 800d and Plentlfllly
‘ft  en he got; through. Sid could not under-
lie‘ how it was afternoon instead of l1l01‘IllT|g-
 Vust, have been tagged out to have slept
'  the journey from New Y_'ork to thisplace,
1: e‘n;c1‘ean. up to noon besides. I dont see
id «it, but if Toby says it’s one o'clock I
'is.,".'=  ‘

   
 

 A,iGAME,B0:Y  "   I I 

, I'd like to surp'i-ise them, and I'll do it, too, if I-

You took an extra. long snooze,” chuckled the

business sometliin’ has got to -

think,-
was’«so hungry that’ there was nothing‘-

._heavy piece of—what’s that in the corner? By

 

‘ Sid spent the whole afternoon at intervals look-
ing out through the holes in the blinds. Al-
though his view was very contracted, he could
still see enough to interest him greatly, especially
after being cooped up for two years in‘ the _back
room or back yard of Mother Scrooge's- Junk-
shop, sorting out bottles, rags, old metal, and is
hundred other items that the old harridan did
business in. About sundown Toby returned for
the tray of dirty dishes, and retired with it with-

’ out uttering a word. At dusk he brought Sid his

supper, and while the boy was eating it Bradshaw
made his appearance with Jenkins. Although the
latter individual was now disguised in a sandy
wig .and bushy whiskers of the same line, Sid
knew him, even though he had only seen him once
before, on the day he had _-visited‘ Bradshaw's
quarters in New York with his proposition to rob
Broker Noble's country home. It soon became
evident that Jenkins had come up especially. to in-
spect Sid. He sized the boy up, asked him a few ’
questions, and then pulling Bradshaw outside told

-that rascal that Eid couldn't take any part in

their "enterprise. . i , ._

“Why not? I brought-"him here on purpose to ‘
initiate him,” replied Bud, evidently not at all
pleased with Jenkins’ ultimatum. ’

“I don’t care what you brought him for," re-'
plied Jenkins brusquely. “I thought when your
spoke of bringing a kid‘ along it was Snorkey, you
meant. . Why, this boy might spoil the whole job.
He does_ii’t know one thing about the business,
and further, I don't fancy his mug. He doesn’t
look as’ if he could be trusted.‘ If you've started ,-
a kindergarten for young would-be crooks you,
can’t work none of your raw material oil’ on rile."-
I’m.not taking any more chances than I can help.’
If I wasn't foxy I'd have been in Sing Sing long
ago instead of giving the detectives the laugh.
This job tonight is too good a thing to be queered
by a bung-ler like that boy inside." , ‘ ,

“He won't bungle nothin'. I’d put a ball n
through his head if he didn’t do the right thing,” .
said Bud. » ' ’

“Well, there's no use of you arguing the mat— _
ter. He isn't coming with us. You can break ,
him in on one of your own jobs, but I won’t have
him in mine.” ' ' .

‘ As Jenkins meant what he said, and was boss-

ing the night's enterprise’, Bradshaw, much '_ ’
against his will, gave in’, and they went dov'vn- '
stairs together. Sid had heard, them arguing the 5 ,-
matter, and he listened at the keyhole to all they: -
said. He'knéw now that the house must be near
Scarsdale, and that the three’ crooks were going"

to carry out their scheme that night.  _ .1

“The ’ll leavevine here all alone «till they ‘get; —
back w th their swag, supposing the job is s suc‘-'.,
cess. They'll be swaytwo hour‘; at least, I should L 
Iwonder if I 5:ouldn’t ‘.-reek out in that
time? I mean to try‘, at any rate. I believe I'd
rathersdie than go back to that den in New York.

 

.If I can’t break open that door I'll bet I can get 

out by one of those windows. It’s, a prettybig‘: g»
drop to the ground. If-I, sprained ‘or broke my.‘ I
leg it would spoil all my chances. The door is f
really the only-safe way to get out. ‘If I had a“ *

   
   
 
 

jingo! A section of iron pipe. That will be just, ‘
the thing to smash in the door with.‘ I'll be’ out. of 
the room andpthe house in short orrlei-, the m';_:_- ‘_

 ' ing the building, heard the .

L ished in the gloom,

  

 

5‘ “   SAGAMEBOY

. ment the coast is clear, and I’d like to see anybody
st? me with that iron pipe in my hands.”
a

ving made his plans for his escape, Sid
waited in subdued excitement for the- time to
come around for the crooks to start on their en-
terprise.

,. S

CHAPTER IV».—~The 1l3{nocking Out of a.'Game
oy.

Hour after hour went by, and though the house
was silent so far as to sounds reaching; Sid in the
attic. he knew the men must be waiting in one
of the rooms downstairs for the hour of their; de-
parture to come around. As time passed Sid’s im-
patience and excitement increased. He felt as if
the most important issue of his young life was
at stake. At last he heard footsteps on the stairs.
They were not very loud, as if the person was
making his ascent in a cau;ious manner, but the

boy’s sharp ears, on edge ior theleast sound that,

would indicate to him that the’ crooks were leav-
Instantly it oc-
curred to him that either To y or Bradshaw was
coming to see if he was asleep, as be naturally

'  should beat that time under the circumstances,

for he had been left in the dark with nothing but
his thoughts to entertain him." I ;

Sid crept over,to the mattress which had been
provided for him, lay down on it at full length,
and half closed his eyes, but every nerve ’in his
body" was tingling at the thought that the time
was nearly at hand when he would be able to
make a break for his freedom at last. The foot-
steps reached the landing outside, softly crossed
it and stopped at the_door. Then Sid heard the
key turn in the lock, though it made hardly any
noise. Through his half—closed lids he~s-aw the
gleam of a candle, and its reflection, shaded by
a man's hand, showed him the countenance of
Bud Bradshaw. He stood listening at the door-
way, and Sid began to breathe like a person in a
deep sleep. -

Bradshaw tiptoed across the room, stooped
down and held the candle near his face. Sid
never made a move. but continued his simulated
slumber. Apparently satisﬁed that the boy was
asleep, Bradshaw withdrew as cautiously as he
had entered, stopping in the doorway to listen
again. Then he closed and locked the door, and
presently Sid heard him descending the stairs.
The boy sprang up and placed his ear at the key-
hole. He listened intently, till thesounds died
away downstairs. and complete silence succeeded

the shutting ‘of a door somewhere below. Hear-.

ing nothing fi11'thei'-"during the ensuing ﬁve min-
utes he ran to the window and peered out into
the night. It was a starlit night, and fair! light.
As Sid looked through the holes in the s utters

_he saw three shadows walk away from the build-

ing, one of them carrying a suitcase in his hand.
Although he,” could not make put their faces, he
felt assured from their ﬁgures, and‘ the fact that
there were three of them together, that they were

. Bradshaw, Toby and Jenkins, bound on their mid-

night. expedition against Broker N_oble’s_ house.
\ He noted the direction they took until they Van-
and then he was ready for
action. ‘ Groping his way to where the hes.
of iron pipe stood against the wall he seized it,

' :.s:.i m};,.-.+¢_+k. tinny»: elvinvnrl ii. zlvainst. the wnnrl

:;/

‘morning, air, and the exhilaration of freedom

piece .

  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
     
     
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
     
  
 

near the lock with all his strength. The door
shivered, and the sound reverberated through itfié,
house. A second blow caused the wood to'"cr ,'
and a third smashed a hole in the panel.‘ An ,
other blow a little higher up knocked a_piece of
wood out,,1eaving an openingbig enough for hint
to put his hand throug . Feeling around he
grasped the key, turned it and then all he had to
do was to pull it open and walk out on.‘ the_dark..
landing. Carrying; the section of pipe‘ in his
hand he slipped down the stairs to the landing bé- .'
low, and thence to the ground ﬂoor.‘ Opening the"
first door he came to he found himself in the”
kitchen. The door of the kitchen was locked and '
the key gone, but he threw up one of the .windows'.
and lumped outside. , .
“Free at last,” he exclaimed joyfully. “Now; '
which way shall I go?” '.  .
A road was only a .few yards away, and"Sid.
made for it, turning his face ha hazard in th '
direction of the town. As he wa ked along, en~ 7
Joying the freshness of the night, or rather earl

 

he began to consider his future movements. To"
begin with. it struck him thaitq it his duty,‘ ﬁrst
of _all, to try and save Broker oble’s h use from
being robbed. But he didn’t know w ere Mr.
Noble’s house was, nor had he the least idea
where he would find a policeman. While he was
considering‘ the matter as he walked along lie
heard the‘sound_ of an automobile behind, liim.’
He decided to stop it, and tell his story to thegier
sons in it. So when it drew near he sprang‘into‘_
its path and shouted out an earnest request to
stop. ' « 
“What’s the inatter?” asked a fine-looking 
tleinan in the back seat as the chauffeur brough-
the machine to a halt. y  . ,
“I’d like to tell you something of great impor
tance, sir,” said Sid. 4 ~ -.
The gentleman looked doubtfully at the i1)
attired boy, and then said; 
“What is it you want to tell me?” . .,
“I’ve Just escaped from three crooks vwh,
brought me to this place,‘ which I believe is Scar’
dale.” ' o  .
_“You have just escaped from three crooks!
cried the gentleman in astonishment. _ - 
“Yes. They are on their way to rob the coin;
try house of a broker named George Noble.” ’ '
The gentleman uttered a startled exclamatiom
“Come closer. my lad,” said the gentlemﬁx,
leaning out of the machine. “Are you telling aid
the ~truth‘.”’ " I ' I .-.
"I am.” " I ,
"James,” to the chauffeur, “flash your ele
light on thisboy." .  "
_The man_ took a long .cylindrical object but
his_pocket, pointed it at the, boy and pressed
spring. ‘A bull_’s-eye light brought the 
stranger into brightrelief, and showed up all
shortcomings. . His disreputablerappearance ’Vnia_dI
9. bad impression on the gentleman. ' ‘ =
“Who are you?” he asked sharply. - ~ 
“‘My name is Sid Fenton.” _
1 “What's that? _Sid Fentonl” cried the , ,
m8.D’.,"l00l(l11§ at him searchmgly. "How our;
y°}‘lF.‘ourte‘en..”  , y 7 ' , 4‘
"Where areyou’ from?” . ‘. ' " -‘.
‘fNew York. I've been held a nrisoner i

   

    
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
    
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
     
  
  
    
    
  
   
  
  

was kidnapped from Boston."

, astonishment. —

' _,'” “Have you an aunt named Sarah Harper} who
was married to a rascal named Brads-ha‘w‘!" V
 “Yes, sir," replied Sid, astonished in his turn. »
'.Z“Jump in next to me,” said the gentleman.

, Sid did so. " ‘ ‘ .

‘ “So you/are the Sid Fenton who was kidnapped
if tram Boston? Who did it? Bradshaw?” said the
gentleman after telling his chauffeur to proceed
" at full speed to the police station.

‘Yes. sir.” , _ -
f‘A’nd he haskept you under cover ever since,
eh?" "‘ ‘
.. , “No, sir. He turned me over to a hard old‘ wo-
- man named Mother Scrooge, who keepsa Junk
store in New York. I've been beaten and half
starved right along. Bradshaw took me away
from her about a week ago, intending to make a
thief out of me. "But he couldn't do that if he
beat me to death,” replied the boy resolutely. “He
brought me out here to take part in the robbery
of the broker's hous7‘é, but as the man who seemed
 bossing the job refused to have me in it I

ust made my escapef,’ = .
“How long is it since those rascals started‘ for
yhﬁriﬁuseg’ W ‘ ‘
_ ‘ our ouse. »
‘‘,‘»Yes.'’ I am George Noble,
’ Sid gave agasp of surprise.
: “Are you really?” he asked.
1 “Yes. Aliswer my question, please.” ‘ V
’ “A little over an hour ago,” answered Sid.’
“Where is the house" in which you were left?”.
3‘Over yonder. About half a mile from where
you picked me up. . J ‘
4' “The rascalsi -~haven’t ‘more _ 7
house by this time. Thanks to your timely warn-
ing,“ lnywlad. we’ll_ be able to catch them onthe
premises. My wife and chil_dren are away at
esent, but my housekeeper is in charge. You
ll no doubt be surprised toﬂlearn that that lady
your aunt, Sarah Harper. . ~ \- "
,‘,‘Is,my Aunt Sarah at your house, Mr. Noble?
o1'«ied,Si(_l,in, joyful SuI'D1'i5€- V ”“ '
-‘$1-lye 1s, and has been for a year.
‘S‘_}$j:3.fg1t.fl1l1{e 1Sl3O11l2}ll1'lg. _d
.m:~aw u ga .” esai .
th to see me. ,I’1l bet.-” c_
“You «nay be sure she will.

stock bi*oker.” _ _ *

_She ‘has grieved
3. never given up hope that some dayyoiu would
l5l11"’l,Y1‘.‘»1,l1-.”‘ ’ “ T T i it ' ‘ T

.;id“With'.h.lms~g0t out and entered the building‘

theirgentrance awoke him, .He recognized, the
or as one of. the wealf,h.v i‘8Sid€ntS“ Of #16

  
  
  

 
  

 in

.ove1~' there at once and take them by,sur~

only one oﬁicer was available at thathiiur.

  

hole party being squeezed into the auto after

    

W “eases. : “

         

   
 

i.A“GAMIll BOY *4 T  e T ’  S  [T
is/e,ction,of that city -for two years, ever since I’

The gentleman uttered another. ejaculationlof

rthat vicinity,‘ but abrief investigation showed

*Wa‘s.~left behind in the house from which I have .

T T » grabbing him around the waist with both arms.

than reached my ‘V

_ the rascal.

.“She’ll be tickled to i V _ S

s . to the emergency.. .He struck at Sid with thebar‘-.'
‘rel of his revolver, drawing?~blood from his head,-
yggr’ youas though you‘ were her own son; and ‘she’ * i ’

The aiitomobileidrew upiin‘ front of the‘li1_;t1e  , . _ _ . ‘
 in scarsdale. and  .‘:;:':..;E.?:.‘?::v:h?:°<‘;..%:;.::*;%“* :;°‘;.:*i.“.'*.‘i.*“:.‘fi
°'““"‘V in °1””"‘e was dwing in aniiarmchaiwnyl'.11imself:1o05!t‘ and ﬂew‘11}‘1.the,roadra.t miiespeea,  of
~ speedily vanishinttarouyndta turn in the vdirection 
,bprli”o0d.‘ ‘Mr. Noble brieﬂy, told him that.   f  - u   ‘
 New‘ York crooks wei-e_n0W in the. wt Of“ . , .
ngv his house, an'd,.he 'wanted’_several_oﬂicers  .— . V *  ,  ‘~  j H ,

0‘ ‘ ' V _ ' CHAPTER~",V.——4Sid Becomes 'a
-8‘ ,.I»)he.p01icé«f0/,.c¢,of Scarsdale was .lixn1_,ted, ' ‘ V ‘

ijiteérs, however, were speedily securedyand 

ion the chauffeur started for _;the Noble’ 7 ‘ V K V
“  i ,  V.  . g   _ which the sun_,w'asishiping"b;§gh1:Iy,.;A stranges-

To avoid attractinprvthe notice of the burglars
the inachine was stopped about two hundred
yards away, and all but the chauffeur went for'—
ward, Sid walking beside the broker. There was, .
no evidence from the outside that crooks were in _

that one of the kitchen windows had been forced
with a jimmy, and the back door was found un-
fastened. Stationing two men there, and sending
Sid to watch in "front, the rest of the party en-
tered the house with the utmost caution. Mr.
Noble kept his silverware in a safe in the dining~
room wall. The door had —been“blown open, with-
out a great deal ‘of noise, and the three crooks
were in the act of packing; the valuable ware up.‘
when they. were surprised by‘the posse. They
were ‘ordered to throw up their hands and yield.
Bradshaw and Toby sullenly did so, as are» , V

volver pointed at each of their heads enforced . v
obedience. Jenkins, however, was too spry for the
party and sprang for the entry door- A pistol
shot passedhaifmlessly past his head. He rushed ‘
upstairs to the second ﬂoor, threw up a window
and jumped to the lawn.“ As he dashed for the e _
front gate Sid saw him and sprang. after him-‘
Several of the posse followed as soon as they »_
could get out of the house.‘ The boy caught up .
with Jenkins just asthe rascal laid his hand on .

the iron grate. , ’ I .-
“You here!” cried Jenkins. “When did-—-what

 in "thunder do you mean by blocking, the’ gate?
1 Don't you see we’re' pursued?” . '

ﬁ“Yes, and ’you’re my prisoner,” replied Sid‘,
“You infernal little traitor, so you’ve turned < ‘
on us, have you? -Let go, or ” ‘ » ,
He tore Sid's holdvaway, for he was a strong, -

, athletic fellow, ‘and giving the boy a push that .-
_ senthim a yard awayytried to escaie through the

on him again li I

gate. ,»But Sid was e a tenacious ‘ S
bulldog. The situation was getting desperatefor
With an imprecation he struck the’
boy a blow in the face that dazed him, and draw- ' »
ingihis revolver tried again to get throughthe  '_
ate. Sid was, as we have already said, a. game h
oy. He determined that Jenkins should not es— 
caper The man. was already half, through :the -N
g‘ate‘when Sid ,<.>:rabbed~ him by the jacket andm
prevented him from going further.’ Three men

from the house were now closeqat hand and the

game seemed up with Jenkins; but he was equals.

but thebo wouldn't let go. . _. . « . T _ .

“You wi l-have it, youtinfernal littie m9nkey%¥v’—,’
cried the" cornered crook. I 1* ‘V i
, He pressed the revolver against Sid’siside «and

 

laxed their grip on ‘Jenkins’ jacket the raiscalftore‘

 

of.town..v.

  

 

as  ' .
iwall Stree

   
  

   
  
  
    

 
  

I.» Messenger. ft

 

' When Sid. recovered consciousnessitwelvelhours;
later he found himself in bed‘in'ai..handsomely,.
furnished room, through’ the western »windp‘lv,s Jofi

  
    
 
 

 is ‘ 0‘ , A.GAME 1303?

v feeling of wea.kness and lassitude oppresed him.
He hardly felt able to turn; his head on the pil-

~ low, or move his arms that lay listlessly on the
outside of the coverlet. Evidently there was
something radically wrong with him, but what it
was he did not seem able to make out. As his
eyes roamed from the ceiling on which they had
ﬁrst rested to the body of the room he began to be
conscious that somebody sat beside the bed. That
somebody, who had been watching his pale face
and closed eyes with motherly solicitude for sev-
eral hours, bent over and laid her hand upon his
fevered brow. Sid’s eyes encountered hers, and
in an instant he recognized his Aunt Sarah, from
whose tender care he had’ been kidnapped two
years since. His lips formed her name, but such
was his weakness that no sound came forth.

“Dear, dear Sid.” ﬂoated to his ears from the
woman’s gentle voice, as she bent still lower and
‘imprinted 3/kiss on his forehead.

Sid wanted to ask her what was the matter
with him and where he was, but he lacked the
power of expression. He was 38 helpless as an
infant. The pistol wound he had received from
Jenkins was as near fatal as such a thing could

‘be without wiping the victim.out. The doctor
called in by Mr. Noble shook his head doubtfully
after he had examined the wounded boy. Ho -
ever, he did the best his skill was capable of, an
announced that_the chances were rather against
the boy. recovering. » ‘

“If he is alive at the end‘ of twelve hours he
will have a ﬁghting chance for his life,” he said
solemnly. “I fear, however, he may pass away
without‘:-ecovering his senses.” . » .

Such was the unfavorable verdict of the doctor,
and it was received with deep regret by the
broker, who communicated the sad news to his
housekeeper, whose great 'oy over the recovery
of her boy, as she called -Sid, was dampened by
the thoughtof the critical condition in which he
had been 'broug'ht home to her. She dropped on

r her knees beside his bed and prayed long and
earnestly that Sid might be spared to her, for he
was the only object she had in the world to love.

' Then, feeling a bit comforted, she took her place
beside him and waited long and tirelessly for

-some sign that would tell her that Heaven had’
answered her prayer. Now the twelve hours had

. slipped away and Sid was not dead, but, on the
contrary, he had come to his senses and recog-
nized her. .

“He will_ live! He will live!” she murmured
hopefully. " .
~ , It was about this time that the doctor called
again", more than half expecting to be told that,

v _ his young patient was dead. He felt the boy's
, pulse, took his, temperature, and announced that
” S he was a shade better. I o

. “The chances are, about even now,” he told

./ Sid’s aunt. “See that all my instructions are

’§are1,:'i1lly_ carried out, and we will hope for the

est. ‘ r
Then he we t away,’ promising to call agaim

/ that evening, oward night Sid realized- what

‘ was-the matter. with him. Memory recalled the

‘ scene‘ at the gate ‘n the early hours of the morn-
 ing‘, and he‘ renie bered that Jenkins had" shot
lfhim. "Next. dav Sid’s condition continued favor-

’ able, and the dpcwr was still more hopeful of his

-. - recovery. It was ten ‘days, however, before he
- ‘,o'as’sed— the danger life-and entered on the road

 
 

 

 

      

‘though he made many friends among the other.’

  
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
    
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
    
     
   
    
   
   
 

to recovery. Then he was able to tell his storﬁ to v ~
his aunt, and she wept over the sadfate that ad : -
been his for two years. She repeated the story”_‘
to the broker, who was very much interestedini 
Sid, for he was grateful to the boy for saving his 
home from being robbed by the trio of scamps. . ~ ,3
“I will see that he gets a start in life, Mrs. 
Harper,” he said. “So you have no cause, to» 
worry about his future, for I can see he is «a _
smart boy, and a game boy, too, and is bound ,to._, . ‘
reach the top of the ladder in time if he lives.” "
Bud Bradshaw and his pal Tobywere sent to
the county jail at White Plains. The evidence
presented at their examination caused the magis-
trate to hold them for trial. Sid was fully re-' _
covered and about when their trial came on and _'
he appeared in the witness chair, against them.“ ‘-
They were convicted and got ten years each. Tad
Jenkins was not captured. He returned t0~,hi§f
room in New York, packed his trunk and took ‘a
train for the West long before Sid was in condi-
tion to furnish the police with information about
him. On Sid’s complaint Mother Scrooge was ar-.
rested and arraigned before a city magistrate...
but she worked her pull and ot off with six}
months on the Island. Sarah arper resi ed
her position as housekeeper with the Noble $211‘ -
ily, much to the regret of the broker and his fam-‘
ily, and hired a small ﬂat in the Bronx for Sid‘

 

and herself. .

Mr.~. Noble had already ﬁxed things so that Sid
was to go to work in his office as messenger boy
the late messenger being promoted to a desk in
the counting‘-room. The broker also presented?‘
Sid with $1,000 as a nest-egg for his future. 
on the Monday morning after Sarah Harper and‘
Sid took possession of their little ﬂat ‘the boyre
ported at Mr. No_ble’s ofﬁce ready to go to workr
As he was not familiar with the metropolis eve
a little bit, particularly the ﬁnancial district, «th
former messenger was detailed to break him-"in I"
It didn’t take Sid long to master the Wall Street .
district. or his duties as a brol_<er"s oﬂice boy .an'
messenger, and inside of a couple of weeks no-one
could have told but he had been living in New’.
York all his life. ~' .

He soon proved himself one of the brighte ,
and smartest messe.n,r,>;ers in Wall Street. He.»

his duties, and always behaved in such a gentle-y
manly way th'at‘not only Mr. _Noble, but all‘tl'ge.;'
brokers with whom he came into contact, declared ’
he was one of the nicest boys in the Street. ’.'1‘,hg
clerks in the oﬂice liked him, too, for there was
nothing “fresh” about Sid. He attended strictly,’
to business, which kept himout of. trouble, aziidéj

messengers, h never wasted any of his emplo er’
time chinning to them ,.or skylarking during husi
ness hours. After his ﬁrst year, when he had’
reached the age of ﬁfteen, he began to takeanj’ “

He was a shrewd lad. and argued, that._he,wa
still green in Wall Street,meth‘ods, andvit woiil
be foolish for him- to take chances until he 
grown more experienced. So he applied himsel
assiduously to studying the_ market as closelyas
circumstances permitted him. He also k‘ep 
eyes, and ears ‘wide open in order to pick up. 
the information he could,’ and he helped tlier-goof!‘
work along by reading the more important‘ 

v

 7 cial‘ papers every morning before his work for the
1 day began, often’ getting down half an hour be-
fore any of the clerks arrived at their desks. In
this way he laid the foundation for his subsequent
success in life. One dav after he had been two
cars with Mr. Noble he picked up a valuable tip
in the oﬂice of a broker to whom he had carried a
I note. , "" .
 Sid was shrewd enough to understand that he
had got hold of a good thing. The more impor-
-tant point, however, was to turn it to his own
advantage. He had learned that a clique of
i wealthy brokers had got together for the purpose
of booming P. & G._ stock, which just’ then was
.. selling low in the market. After carefully con-
" ‘sidering the matter he reached the conclusion that
it would be safe for him to make his first deal.
He had $1,081.20 in the savings bank, the $81.20
‘representing the interest that had accumulated
since the original deposit was made. He drew the
$1,000 and bought 100 shares of P. & G. at 49.
1?’ His luck was phenomenal in this deal, as the stock
was boomed to nearly 80. Sid thou ht it had gone
high enough forhim when it reac ed 75, and so
he sold out at that ﬁgure, and was delighted to
find thathe had made a proﬁt of alittle_ over
$2,500, raising his capital to $3,500.
 He said nothing to Mr. Noble about his success
.. in the market. but he told his aunt, and she con-
‘ ratulatedhim on his good fortune. Six months
ater‘ he made another deal. this time on his own
Judgment in B. & 0_. He bought 250 shares at 130
at the little banking and brokerage house on Nas-
sau" Street he had patronized before, and when
the, shares advanced nearly seven points he‘ sold
qutat a proﬁt of about $1,600. An hour after-
ward the stock fell back ﬁve points, and Sid had
_ reason to congratulate himself‘ on getting out in’
thenick of time. This deal raised his capital to
$5,000. Three months afterward he took a ﬂyer
in,A. 5:, B. at 62. buying 250 shares and arise
of ei ht points added $2,000 more to his ﬁnancial
Stan ing. Thus three years/and three months
passed away, and Sid reached the age of seven-
teéirand, a half years, and had come to consider
“Himself quite a little capitalist, while his aunt
and his employer looked upon him as one of the
 promising young men in the city of New
or . . "

  
 
  
  
    
   
 
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
   
  

o

 

"»f/‘Sid, take this note over to Mr. Alfred Baker,"
said Mr. Noble one morning. I

‘.‘Yes, sir," replied the young messenger, tak-
ing the envelope and hastening ipto the next, room
f($1‘.~hlS hat. A ' .. "

Two minutes later he was on the sidewalk,
gfading/for New Street. He went down New to

e corner of Exchange Place and took an ele-

tor to the fourth ﬂoor of’ the massive office
‘building. On turning the'corner of the main cor-
rider he ran full tilt into a tough-looking A. D.
messenger. ' .
f~‘I_-Ieyl What's dc matter wit’ youse, anyway?”

pped the tough boy. «' “Can't yause see where
‘?,1*e.'goin'?'? -

.'1-Iow about yourself? _It’s six of one ‘and half-

 of the other)? laughed Sid. “You ran

' V ine as much as I did into you.” -

’ j.é’re a liar! , I didn’t rap into yer."
v V - r * . .

, .

   

'i.'I-I/‘AVPTERI V.I.'—-Sid Lights ohms Second Tip.-

‘guisedf’ , , y ,
. Sid entered Mr. B k ' ﬂi " '0 .
that dgentlernan. Theaogcfe l)io}'cesa£iddh:sii;e;;dgi $1.... 1‘

  

2

A GAME nor «so . '0

“Seems to me_ I’ve met you before,” said Sid,
wévho llgalf, recognized the youth. “Isn’t your name
nor ey.’ -
“Yes, me name is Snorkey. What of it?"
. ;Y¥;ie seeﬁn" to have connected with an honest
J0 a 1- a .
“What.-yer mean by dat?
was a crook?"
“I s’pose you don’t remember me?"
“Naw. _I don’t. Never seen yer before."

“Yes, you did. You saw me three years and ii-

half ago in a house on Street. I was try‘-
ing to escape from the place and you stopped me.
Then I threw the table against you and it fell on
your feet I s'pose you don't remember that?"

Spnoz-key, however. did remember the incident.
He stuck his head forward and looked hard at
Sid. There was such a big difference between ‘Sid
Fenton at seventeen and a half, well dressed and
healthy, and -Sid at fourteen, when he was a half-
starved boy. of the slums, with no clothes to speak
of,“that Snowi-key did not recognize him.

Say, who are youse, anyway?” he asked, some-
what puzzled.

“I'm Sid Fenton." 5. ‘

The name did not seem to produce any illumi-
nation in Snorkey's mind. He did not remember
it at all.

“I s'pose yer t_'inks yoruse kin make me believe
dat youse is de kid what pushed dat table over on
me Do yer know dat I owe dat kid a lickinP

for doinl dat t'ing to me, and if I ever ketch him ‘

I'm goin’ to knock de stuﬁin’ out of him.” /
“Then you don't believe I'm him?".

“Naw. Youse don’t look not’in’ like<him.. Yer’

must have met him and he told youse dat story.
1V_[ebbe he told youse dat he licked me, too. If he
did youse kin tell him dat I said he was a liar."

Snoi-key then walked on to the elevator. m Sid
chuckled and went on to deliver his note to Mr.
Baker. v

“I guess I have changed a 0d bit in three
years and a half." he mused. “ was a hard-look-
ing case the day Snorkey caught the table on his
toes. It was a lucky thing after all that Brad-
shaw_took me to Scarsdale. If he had left me be-
hind in that house in ' Street I might never
have seen Aunt Sarah again. I might be moul-
dering in ’potter’s ﬁeld_by~this time, a victim of--
but I_don 1; want to think about what might have
been if my luck hadn't turned. One thing is cer-

 

tain. that Bradshaw never could have made me a‘
thief. I hope he’s enjoying himself in Sing Sing; '

If he behaves himself there he’ll get an fallow-
ance of three years and _four months. That will
make his term only six years and eight months
half of which he’s already served. ’
he'll try to get square with me when e comes‘
out?’ I also wonder what became of t at chap
named Jenkins? He was certainly a slick rooster.

And 8 bad One. $00. for I nearly died from the’

bfulllet he put into me. I’ll' bet ltd recognize him
1 ever saw him again, that is,  he wasn’t dis.

gage p 4 , 7
y°‘3\’f’ell, you can “take this note in to him, 'can’t_ _ .
“Yes,” said the boy. and he did‘ it 7

"1’ 1‘9Se1'1t13I he came out axain. 
' , /

Did youse t’ink I

I wonder if ,

 

  
  

  

10

“Go in,” he said to Sid. “Mr. Baker is writing
an answer for you to take back.”

So Sid entered the broker’s private room. A
stout, well»-dressed man sat alongside Mr. Baker's
desk. While the broker was scribbling off a re-

ply for the young messenger to take back to Mr. ,

Noble the stout man was talking to him. Sid
heard him say:

“Well, you understand what we want now. Buy
every share of S. 5: T. that you can pick uponithe
quiet and have them delivered C. 0. D. at the
Manhattan National.”

Mr. Baker nodded as he folded the note, put it
in an envelope and wrote Mr. Noble's name on it.
Then he swung around in his chair as he heard
Sid close the door and said: <.

“Here you are, young man,” holdingout the
envelope.

Sid took it and bowed himself out of the room
without a word.

“ ‘Buy every sha.re of S. & T. that you can pick
up on the quiet,’ ” he mused when he reached the
corridor and walked toward the elevator. “That's
what Mr‘. Baker’s visitor said to him: That can
mean only one thing, that a boom is under way in
that stock. It looks like a ﬁne pointer, and is the
second I’ve got on to since I came to Wall Street.
The ﬁrst netted me a proﬁt of $2,500 on a hun-
dred—share marginal deal. I’ve enough funds to
buy 100 shares of any stock now. uppose I went
in on S. & T. to that extent, and i went up only
ten points, I’d make $7,000, and double my cap-
ital. I don't think it's a good plan to put all o_nes’
eggs in one basket, though. Something might
happen to queer this boom, and then I’d get it
slap in the neck. The best laid schemes in Wall
Street often go astray, and land many a big
broker against the wall when he isn't expecting
such a thing. I must consider this matter well
before I get in on it, and not go in over my head,

. no matter how good it looks.”

When Sid delivered Mr. Baker's note to his em-
ployer and returned to his seat in .the reception-
room he took the latest market report out of his
pocket and looked up S. & T. He saw that it was
ruling at 68. Then he consulted a hand-book of
“past performances” in the stock market and

~ noted the fact that S. &, T.. was below its normal

xgmark-et reports for the past two weeks.

' to himself.

     

standing.

“Of course there’s a clique of. traders behind
this ,operation in S. & T., and it is more than
probable that the low standing of the stock today
is due to raids on it made to force it down as low

' ; as possible so that these .men can buy it, in at

rock-bottom ﬁgures.”

‘ ‘ ‘ ,_ .As there was no call on Sid for his services dur-

ing the next twenty minutes he got hold ofmthe
9)’
showed‘ a ‘falling quotation right along in the
stock. ' .
“It's a wonder that I .didn’t notice this,” he said
“I have been making it my business
to keep my optics on falling stocks, for those are

the things to buy when they get down low. They,

are ‘always bound to recover sooner or later when
the market stiﬁens up, and a_ fellow stands to
make a proﬁt of from ﬁve to ten points in the
shuffle. The trouble is that I'm kept so busy that
I‘ can’t often avail myself of these ‘chances. If I

 had all my time to myself I am sure I could make
K-sood
~ of; people who

money- out of the market. There ‘are lots
make a good ‘living down here by

     

A GAME BOY

 

making it their business to follow the market‘
every business day of their lives. Some of them“.
have desk room in oﬂices, and many carry their
offices in their hats, as the saying is. If more off
the lambs only worked on that principle they.
wouldn't go to the wall so often. Those innocents J "
only seem to speculate by ﬁts and starts. Instead I _‘
of watching and buying a stock when it’s-«way ‘la
down they hold off till the stocks dget booming. .
in good earnest. and then they 1101 on for'tho«~
last dollar and getcaught in the slump whenit
sets in. Well, I suppose if it wasn’t for the lambs
business wouldn’t be half so good in Wall Street’.
I guess all these booms, big and little, are gotten
up to catch the money of the lambs. — I heard Mr.
Noble say that most of the money that comes to
Wall Street stays here. At any rate there's lots
of it here. It makes one’s mouth water to look
at the windows of the money brokers’ shops and
see the piles that's strewed about. No wonder
the New York ﬁnancial district is called the _
money centre of the United States.” 
By the time Sid was done for the day he had
decided to get in on S. & T., so on his way uptown:
he stopped in at the little bank on Nassau Street,-
which had put through his three former deals‘ for
him, and left an order _for 500 shares of the stock,
putting up a margin of $5,000. ‘ ~

  

  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
   

CHAPTER VII.—Sid Has a.\Run-in with 1
’ Snorkey. .

“Hello, Sid, what do you know?” asked .9,’
cheery voice as our young messenger walked into‘
the messengers’ entrance of the Stock Excha "ea
next ,morning to deliver a note to Mr. Nobles
representative on the‘ﬂoor. , .. .1
_ “lOh, I know several things,” replied Sid laugh‘-'
ing y. .

  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   

“I know I’m alive for one.” -.
“There’s no doubt but you're aliVe—-very.mu,ch
so,” grinned Dick Trevor, who was waiting at th
railing for one of the brokers to come up and g,
a note he had brought .for him. V I 5;
An A. 1). T. boy leaning on the railing -looke
at him in a surly way. It was Snorkey, andzh '
hadn_’t forgotten his encounter with Sid on the
previous morning in the Vanderpool Building‘. l
He had been greatly puzzled over Sid’s - ‘ '
about the table incident that had hap e ed
him three years and ahalf ago. He cou d£’vl‘.}t_I!1-
derstand how the broker's messenger came to
know about the matter. His first idea was that

 
 

Sid must have met the boy who had dumped fth
table against him on that occasion, and 
the facts from him. Yet that ‘hardly seemso
probable, for Sid» didn't look like a boy'_='V\{l‘io~
would be on speaking terms with .boys from  »
slums. When he came to think the thin’ '
after Jeaving the building he remembere ‘that
the boy whose’ escape he had prevented had suds»
denly disappeared fromthe slums. .  .- . ‘
He had not given the_matter‘ any p'articul"'
thought before. but now his curiosity was pi_'q'u, .
on the subject. He tried to recall the boy’s.n9:m
but couldn't. He knew. however, thatthe lad: _
been living with Mother Scrooge, who stil_l,_c-
ried on her junk, business in St:-eg-,t».;
that night "he called on'.the old harri€l,an,jj’
had-n't changed much, unless for.the,wo‘r‘se‘;« r
Sid escaped her clutches. ‘ He asked rabo 1' '

  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
 

’ shre-had used as a slave in her den, and particu-
~ larlyfdesired to know his name. As the reader
dgnaws that Sid had caused the old woman's ar-
»'11'est, which resulted  her getting_a six_ months’
spell on the Island, in the East River, it ‘was a
sore subject for her to recall. The moment Snor-
key brought the ‘matter up she blazed into a fury
and made the air’ of her shop blue with her im-
, precations. Finally the A. D. T. boy learned how
Sid had caused the old woman's sequestration
from Street for six months. and that his
name was Sid Fenton. .

He also learned that Sid had been backed at the
time by some rich man who pushed the case
against her. That was all the harridan could tell
him about the youth, but she said she would give
a’ whole lot to get him into her clutches again,

and intimated what she would do to him if she

began to smell a large-sized mouse.‘ The boy he
had run against that day, and who had recalled
the table incident. had not only said his name was
Sid F ton. but had intimated that he was the

_ ‘the’ occasion in question.
~ “It must be him after all," growled Snorkey.
,"He's run agin’ luck, is dressed up like a dude,
and puts on a big front like he was a swell cove
all his life. .I never would have known him. But
I ain't forgot what I owe him. I'm goin"to-knock
de‘ stufﬁii’ out of him de fust chance I get-" _
7Snorkey, as.we have remarked, was leaning
over‘ the rail at the Exchangenext morning when
Sidarrived and was greeted by his friend Dick
Trevor. ' A dark scowl came over his by no means
Iiandsome face when he saw that the newcomer
was Sid Fenton. He was ready to pick a quarrel
with he young messenger, believing that he could
‘easilydo him up, but he knew that the messen-
ge;s'»ientrance was no place to have a scI‘EP~
; dence, therefore. held him in check, and _he
contented himself with glaring _sava1gely at Si_d. ”
“Well, I’m feeling like a bird t is morning,

 
   
 
 
    
   
    
   
        
    
   
 
    
   
 
  
 
 
     
  
   
     
  
   
 
   
    
   

3aid‘Sid in reply to~Dick.’s remark. »
rv ‘fYou look it. . What's happened that makes you
feel so good?” u .

"?‘1,'ve got an idea that I'm going "to make .a
liunchl of money-" _

’“I-law did the idea strike V011?"
!‘.'1‘hat_-is a kind of’business secret of mine;’’ .
“fBiis'iness secret. eh? I’ never heard before that
' " ‘ ger boys have business, secrets,” chuckled

‘business secrets as
I _ ,
'?..‘Because they have enough‘ to attend to with-
.bothering with such things. . .  ,
“Well, you ‘see’ I c‘an do two things at“ once
_‘étiines.’’, , « _
‘~“«So you really imagine you see a. chance to
‘§.lﬁke‘a bunch of money?” "
3'1 don't imagine it at all. I see the chance. .

I wish Igsaw. such a chance!’ I
You might if you kept your eyes and ears

openall the ti’me.f~’
o¢you;think I’m asleep? I'd like to See the

 'e‘,{f_a0i‘tyvwinks.7’ 1 V — ’
-~d*o‘n’t.say you’re asleep, old man, but there

 

  

_ V-yearly l}l1jd»tl1§.t.gSl2S the worin,gso it.’s,‘tl_ie.

   

did. As Snorkey walked awayfrom her shop he’

chap w 0 had had the_i-un-in with Snorkey on ~'

senger who gets much chance’ down here to _

ifferent ways of keeping awake- You know.

A GAME BOY ' ' — D 11

fellow who's on the alert who spears the oppor- —

tunities as they pop up.” ,
. “I suppose that's as much as to say you have
Just speared an opportunity?” '
“Yes; I speared it, all right.”
“And you expect to make a bunch of money
out of it?” ~. , V ‘
“That's about the size of it."

v

- “I suppose you'couldn’t‘let a fellow in on your ’

good thing?”

“Got any money?"

“I've got half a dollar.” .

“I mean have you any saved up?"

“Yes, I've got something over $100 in bank."

“Buy ten shares of S. &
you'll be able to double it," said Sid in his ear.

“Buy ten shares of——"

Sid choked him‘ off by putting his" hand on his
mouth.

“I don't want vou to yell out all I tell you?" he
said sharply. “You do as I sayiand you'll come
out ahead. The pointer I’ve given you is a win~
ner, and for that reason I want you to keep it
quiet. Understand?" ' '

, Dick nodded.
came up for whom both boys had brought notes.
The broker Snorkev was waiting for also came
up, so the three lads left the Exchange in a
bunch. As Sid stepped out of the __door Snorkey
put out hisfoot and tripped him up. The ‘young’
messenger grabbed Dick by the arm and saved

himself fromva fall. .Then he wheeled upon the »

tough youth. _ '
“What did you do that for?" he.demanded. .
“Aw, forget it!" grinned Snorkey.,. "
“Forget that, then," retorted Sid, slapping
Snorkey in the jaw. _ T
It was no gentle tap, and the tough messenger
was hopping mad in a moment. He sprang at
Bid with a howl of rage, intending to sweep u the
sidewalk with ‘him then and there. Sid euded
him by sgringing aside.
went for im again.

-— “Hold on, there,” cried«.Dick, grabbing him by’

the arm. “What's the matter with you?‘ Want
to get pulled in for scrapping on Broad Street?"
‘ norkey was too mad to listen to reason. He

shook Dick off with a back—handed clip in the face‘
and lunged ﬁercely at Sid. Sid seized his wrist, ,'

gave it a twist that almost broughttears to his
eyes, putihis foot between Snorkey’s legs and
landed him deftlv on the sidewalk. ‘ It was a kind
of Japanese tricltcwhich done quickly would have
laid a man out as well as Snorkey. Leaving the
tough youth ﬂoundering on the  Sid and
Dick passed om   . _ ' '  ' ‘ 

A few days later Sid noticed in the Wall.Street

T. ‘right away and’

At that moment the persons ‘

Snorkey turned and ' V

reports that S. st. T. shares had made a pretty» 

rapid advance and that her was due for quite a. , D
sum of .money if he sold out his 500 shares. But ’
lie,determined to hold on. S. 8: T. kept going up i

until he thought it was likely to become top-
heavy, so. he stopped at the littleibank on his way

home and ordered his shares sold. He had made

the sum of $18,000 on his venture.

 

CHAPTER viii.—riie Abduction That Ended in_

i a Smasli.-up. .

.. 4 

   

       
    

Snorkey had it in! for Siil Fenton for -theilay-D
-out he got infront of the Exchange. He told sev—-
eral of; his ‘cronies. mac. he inegm; to dosi up 

  and hard. The cronies. who wanted to see the
xecrap, encouraged him to go ahead and do it. Be-

ing still conﬁdent of his ability to knock Sid’s -

“block” off, he was constantly on the lookout for

a chance to get at Sid. The opportunity, how-

» ever, didn’t seem to turn up. Snorkey was kept

 busy carrying messages from the Broad Street

branch of the A. D. T. Company, and when he

wasn’t doing that he had to sit on‘ a bench in the

oﬂice. Then the chances were that if he ran

3 against Sid on the street, and started a scrap,

; " that he'd getpulled in, and he knew that his repu-

tation with the police wasn’t the best, which

.- would make matters go hard with him "before a

' ’ magistrate. He tred to think of some way by

which he might entice Sid to the neighborhood of

' . Street, but no likely plan suggested itself.

V Finally he determined to learn where Sid lived.

_. To that end he got a member of his gang to

. ‘comedown to Wall Street and hang around until

he or one of his cronies pointed Sid out to him.

Then the youngrascal had instructions to watch

Sid when he left for home, and to follow him. It

took a week to carry this scheme out, at the end

of which time Snorkey found out where Sid lived

in the Bronx. As soon as he had Sid’s address he

consulted with his gang about going up to the

S" Bronx of a night, lurin the young messenger

from his ﬂat, and then giving him a thundering
good whipping. 1. -

The gang was willing tohelp him out if he'd

‘  pray transportation on the elevated road “and

 stand treat afterward. As Snorkey’s father, a

tough citizen‘ of the ward, took his son’s pay en-

., vjelope away from him every Saturday, the ques-

~ ; tion of raising the necessary funds presented some

diﬁiculty. .\Vhile Snorkey was cudgeling his

 brains to solve the p1'o‘ol/uni, it struck him that

.. "Mother‘Scrooge, who hated Sid, might be: induced

.. _to help .along- a good cause with _a couple of dol-

. -lars.
, 1 , S. .With this idea inhis head Snorke ‘went around
to the_ju‘4'.k shop to_intervi~ew the ol harridan. He
»f_0.m'1d her sitting‘ at the door of her place of busi-

   

sifant companion.» Snorkey lost no time in open-
V; Aing negotiations for «the money. ‘
, ._ “What d’_ve take me for, a. Vanderbilt?” croaked
the old woman. who pretended to be poor, but
,.wasn’t by a very comfortable margin.
*‘It’s worth a couple of cases, isn’t it, to have
a that feller get" a good lickin’?” said Snorkey per-
3: suasively. ‘ S‘ S ‘
 ' '-“How’ll  know yer won’t be lyin’ to me? You
D,

 

 

V go, and_lic‘k -
_you; the‘.two n _ , ; , '4 --‘;>,.,a'~j'-_..,.,,;. .
~~“-We wanttlie coin torpay our way up to de
..Bronx and back,” explained Snorkey. , ~ 2‘
* ,“,How;,am I to know but ye’re:p'ulling me leg for
;gsoi_n'e" other purpose?” replied the’ old hag sus-
. piciously-., ~ ' .
' .‘,_'.-(‘i‘Can’t,;yei- take me word for it?” said the tough
at . - A - . .
_. i;“Ivdon’t take nobod}/’s word for nothin’,” an-
-swered the woman, blowing a ‘cloud of tobacco
vdiznoke. . ‘  , -, ,
S.Snorke_v’,scratched his head and looked’ disap-
pointed. .}Ie~ha,d exhausted his powers of persua-
on.._The-.»harridan eyed him reﬂectively.

'9!

  
  
   
  

 

   
 

 

-.bi:'i‘n‘9‘.-. him

"izfk I i S K SA GAME BOY‘

 ness, smokingan old clay pipe, which was her con-,

'in;: me proof’ of it and I’ll give‘

 

If on and, er gang. could kidnap sad Eentaaai
'”_h_ere tonne sh<'>p_ 'I’;d be.wil1in’- ‘

“We couldn’t“do nothin’ widout two dollars," re
plied Snorkey sullenly. V 2 ' ' ’ '
“Yes, yer kin," said the old woman.‘
many of yer friends kin yer depend on?” I ‘
“All of dem.” V ' S v

“How many is that?” "
“Dere is ﬁve of dem besides meself.” V
“Kin yer have three of them here to-mvorrieif
night?” ' * 
“What for?" ‘ ‘ S  
“I’ll have a cab here waitin’ for yer. It will
take ‘you and yer friends up to where Sid’,F'én.
ton lives. Get him out of his house, give him /a
tap on the head and put him into the cab. '”I£ yer,
get him down to me shop it’s twenty bones iny" '
pocket. What yer say?” . '
_‘‘I’ll take yer,” replied Snorkey. , -y ‘ ..
“I’ll give _yer a dose of drops. which yer kjni
pour down his throat in the cab.‘ That’ll keep-'h'
quiet and yer won’t have no trouble with him.”’_ ,
“What yer goin’ _to do wit’ him after yer get, yer
ﬁllgfevs on him?” £{'l‘l‘!lIled the tough youth- '  
_l\ever mind what I’m goin’ to do with him}?
said the woman, taking her pipe from her.-mouth‘
and e_veing:’Snn.i-key darkly. ‘‘I’ve got an 'a',cc0ii‘_' '
to settle ‘with him, that’s been runnin’ three year
and more, and I’m goin’ to settle it.” '. . ;
The time that Snorkey and his friends Wereto
report at the Junk-shop was arranged, iandjjthe
the tough lad went away'to f_ix the. matter Sfwitli
the gang. About half-past eight o'clock .an;~:the
following evening Sid Fenton was reading‘ 31,31-,9;-' S‘
in a curi‘ent issue of a well-known magazine 120,hI§
aunt in the dining-room of their ﬂat when the
door-bell rang sharply. . _ ,’ _ -.= I
"I wonder who that can be?” remarked, M
Harper, for they had few callers. I  '
f‘l\’.lig'ht be .Dick Trevor come ovei"to seejrie
said—Sid. / “ g S 3  ‘i
He went into the kitchen and pushed ,tI1eSbu*l5§
ton.’ The bell rang again as sharply as befm?
and Sid pushed the button once more. In anti"
me“nt or two the bell rang for the third ‘time. , p
_ I s pose I_ll have to run down and see W 0 it‘
is that s ringing our hell,” he said to hi‘msel»£f .
Downstairs heywent and saw a tough-‘look
boy standing in the vestibule. , , ' 5
“Did you ring our bell?” asked Side; ‘ _ ﬂ
"Are rouse Sid FentoSn?”. asked the other.  9'3;
‘ "That’s my name. What do you want?”
“A gent wants to see yer in decab.”  
“What cab?” _ t . .. ~_-f ’ 
“‘Dere _it is,” iieplied the boy,‘poiiiting atthe ’
hicle which stood in front of the next house‘..f
‘ I guess you’ve made a mistake. Must_b,e,so

‘(CHOW

bodv else he'wants.” _ , . i 
“No. You said yer [name is Sid Fentonj
dat’s de name he said.” ’ ‘ _ . '
“Who is the gentleman?” ,  — 
f‘Dunno. I think he said his name wa's[S'N_

I ‘ 7 , H
but I ain t suie. . ﬁg

~ The naine of his employer seemed to assure" 
that there was no mistake, thoughhe wands“ ’
greatly what the broker wanted to see him abou
So he walked over to‘ the'c-ab. ,The’bov
rang his bell went with? him and‘ pulled the
open. At the same moment two more boys sui 4;
lg came fro'm’~b.ehi.nd the vehicle." ’ 

   

‘. ’_T,he three'g'aY,Sida hth tilgdid
4 1his.handsS_and‘ kfxees in'1?l‘Ii1es ’cabf"_3gf3r§,'
get up he received-‘a ¢_;i~agkvo;;‘.th~e:'vh-e“ad‘

A

;:_d. ‘bllIln$,'iXIStT’l1ln'eﬁn at daz

  

"was yanked into a sitting posture, his mouth pull-
ed o_pen,and.some kind of liquid poured down his
throat. One of the boys entered the cab and pulled
the doordo after him. ‘ ,_

i ..The other two scrambled up on the seat beside
the driver, who was one ,of‘the “Night Hawk” ‘cab-
men of New York. He whipped up his sori'y~look-
ing horse and the team started oﬂ’ downtown at .
a. quick pace. _ ‘

 ‘ “Help me hold him down! Taffy, till de_ dope
‘ . gets in its wor ,”. said the voice of Snorkey inside
th ab. V .
, , ?‘\l:Vhat yer want to hold him for? He ain’t
_ makin’ no move,” said the other. “Dat. crack yer

«give him on de nut ougl-it’r done de business.

.“L dunno whether it did or not. I c_ouldn\t_get a
' _"g‘(_)Od swing at. him. At any rate,.I ain’t takin no
ichances wid him.” . _
’ ’ » Sid, however, gave them very little tl‘0\1'l)le._ By
the time the effects of. the blow he had received
were off the drug was overpowering him. He
-.made‘, a feeble struggle and then became uncon-
« scious. . '_
' “He’s off safe enoug ,” said Snoi-key at length
"in a. tone of satisfaction. I "
,. “Dat will be an easy twenty bones we ll make.

grinnedhis companion.‘ _ "'
’~,‘‘Bet yer life. Jest like findin’ de money.
"What does de old woman’ want wid him?" .
' “Wants to git square wit’ him ’cause he had her-
pinched t’ree year.a.g'o-_ and sent to de Island.’-’ i
it ‘“What’ll-she do to hlm?" _

' .;-’ “Dunno. but I’ll bet she'll make him mighty
fie .”
§"“I-Iope we don't zit into no trouble over dis." »
. "We won't pgitintoino trouble, don't yer worry.”
» ’. "‘De perlice’ll hunt for him.”

“Dot ain't our funeral. T9-“Y 1l3’S~ “D t0 _dB Old
‘woman to look out for ‘herself. She kept him for
twoyear in her place oncet.”

.. “He was only a kid den-"' . ,

’,“S’pose she ties him up down in de- cellar ofde
« shop, how's he groin’ to git out? I'll bet-‘he won t
show up in Wall Street in a hurry, and dat suits
eI,~for I hate him. ' V T
-. _While the boys were talking the_ cab rolled
soiithward, and finally turned into Third Avenue.
Down’ the avenue it ,went ,.till it reached the
‘Bridge over the Harlem River. Crossing over to ~
Manhattan it kept on along Third Avenue, pass-
ing‘ block after block till Seventy-Second Street
was reached. Then something happened. _

‘A; sw‘iftly-driven automobile came up the cross
street and struck" the rear end of the cab. knock-
ingit intOa spinning‘-— heap. , The frightened horse,
which was unhurt by tl1e‘C0ll1SlOn, /dragged the»
front end of.the wreck down the street at a mad
pace after the driver and the two boys had been
“spilled into the gutter. Snorky and Taﬂ’y were‘;
hurled.‘ with the senseless Sid. into a 'demoralize_d

i d. vay. ' i ~ ‘ T «
he%‘}he§ra1st§Lg:‘lei'ed to their feet dazed and bleed-
‘ ‘from many contusions. The cabman and the

1- two" boys, who were only shaken up’, rushed
theniinto alnearby saloon just as theauto was
" might back to the scene of the accident. Two

seamen in the-machinesprang out andloolged
’&.i'ikly:,at the ruinof the c.ab..T13en they spied
tlieé‘unc(»nscious Sid, who‘ \vas»bk§d-1112 fTv°l“. § 9"‘

 

 

  
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
       
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
  

y raised mm upland put him into the car.
eychauffeur started up again "at lush speed

. H - ‘HA Gl4iviE.BoY_

small passage betweenthe room he was in and 

possibly learn why he had been brought toﬂth

13;‘

till Fifth Avenue was reached. down which they’
turned. Stopping in front of a ﬁne brownstone
residence the gentlemen lifted the boy out and
carried him into the house. after instructing the

_colored chauffeur to go for a certain physician’

and bring him back with him at once.

CHAPTER IX.—-Sid Learns About a Projected ‘
Corner in Erie. .

When Sid came to- his senses he was surprised
to find himself lying on a lounge in an elegantly
furished square room. The gas was turned low.
and he was quite alone. V Of course his first
thought was one of astonishment at ﬁnding him-
self in such strange.sur1‘oundings, and he wonder-
edphowv he got there. The bandage around his .
head next attracted his notice. as well as the odor.
of li_niment that came from it. .- _

His head felt sore and ached him some. Then
he remembered how he had been treated in the cab&
after having been decayed to it, and he had a J
dim notion that his assailants were boys. At any ‘ " V
rate it was a boy who induced him to go to the ’
vehicle. He had lost consciousness. in the cab and
now here he was in a ﬁne room, lying‘ on a lounge
with his head bound up. ’ ' .

The question that puzzled him was why had he‘ 
been taken .from his home and brought here? It
was quite. beyond him to find ,9. solution to the

, problem. Finally he got up and walked to one of

the two windows that were hung with rich‘ lace.
curtains. Looking out into the night he saw a dim - V
vista of private back yards. Then he walked to
the door, expecting to ﬁnd it locked, but it wasn’t,
and he stepped out on the third-ﬂoor landing, with
the. staircase before him. * _ '

“I thought I was being held a prisoner here for -‘
some reason, but apparently I am not. Take it all "
in all, this is a very singular affair.” ‘ ' '

He walked slowlv down to the second landing.

He intended to keep on down, to the hall door and , _.
make his‘way out of the house if he .could without .  f
attracting attention. As he was crossing the sec- _ : ;
ond landing he heard footstepscoining 9.1011 the,
hall below, and as he thought theperson mig t'be :
on his way upstairs he opened the nearest door at -
hand anddarted in. He found himself in the dark,

but it was evidently a bedroom and about the ,
same“ size as the one he hadjust left. ,- 2 > _ 

While'he stood considering: whether he should;  T
resume his way to the hall door or wait a while. _ ‘f
longer he thought he heard a murmur of voices. ’ ._
There were two doors in the room in addition to " '
the one through which‘ he had entered. He cau-
tiously tried the one nearest to him and found 
that it ‘opened on ajlarge closet. The other was
slightly "ajar and ‘as Sid approached it he saw a
dim gleam of light» shining under it. — ,

' Pulling it open an inch or two he ‘looked into a ‘ ' ’

 
 
    
  
  
 

t e front one. The soundof several men's voices
aine quite lainly to his ear. He opened the door’
wider and rust his head into the passage. There‘ _
wasa door at the other end of it. It. stood partly. .
open, aiidfa ﬂood of light shone alone-one side of
the passage. ‘ v - , ' ‘,
Sid was curious enough toniake an effoit to
see who the men were in the other room. Heiniiie

us
' 3

 

   

714

A GAME BOY

house. So he tiptoed over to the other door and
glanced furtively into the room. Seven gentlemen
attired in dress suits were sitting negligently
around a large card table smoking and drinking.
They had the air and general appearance of men

of wealth.

Sid soon discovered from their conversation
that they were Wall Street brokers. It wasn't
many moments before he found that they had
gathered together at this house for the purpose of
arranging the ﬁnal details of a big stock deal..
Theyintended to form a corner in Erie. which
was then selling at 40, and boom ‘it up to 60, or
even higher if they could.’ They expected to create

a might

sensation in the market, for Erie

had

been in t e dumps for a long time, and nobody ex-
pected to see it reach even 50.
. Sid stood at .the door of the passage not a little
surprised as well as excited by what he was learn-
ing. There was no doubt but he was getting hold
of a valuable tip——the most valuable one by long
odds that had yet come his way. The conference
‘he was listening to was a secret one, convened at
the home of the chief mover of the deal, who was
the gentleman whose automobile had smashed the
night hawk’s cab. and thereby unconsciously res-
cued Sid from a tough fate. _

The information Sid was acquiring was suffi-
cient to have spoiled the plans of the syndicate of

sev_en if he subsequently gave it away.

id, how-

ever, never thought of giving anything away that
came to his ears. His sole idea was to take ad-
vantage of it in bettering his own fortunes. ~
In the present case he saw the chance of mak-
ing a whole lot of money by using this knowledge
of the purposes of the seven brokers in making a
deal on his own account. For the moment he 'for-
t all about the singular and unexplained way
y, which he had comevto,be in that house, which

was clearly the home of a rich man.

All his

thoughts were centered in hearing as much as he

could about the Erie deal. and he heard about all
that was worth hearing.

In'fact. when the conference in the next room

. broke up he knew almost as much about the plans

of the seven brokerslas they did themselves. When

he saw that the gentlemen were preparing to go

he ‘decided that he

had better go ﬁrst if he could

make his way out of the house. He hurried back
into the other room. reached the landing outside
and tripped downstairs to the hall door. As he
V laid his hand on the night-latch‘ to let himself out
a well-dressed colored man rose from a chair
where he had been sitting in the semi-gloom of the
hall and coming forward caught the boy by the

81111.

“Who are you?" he said sternly.

Then he pulled Sid backand turned up the hall —
IA vlight. * =

“‘\0h, you are the boy we picked up out of the
wreck of the cab.” he said on recognizing the 1ad’s ‘,

features.

“What do you mean?” asked Sid, puzzled by

‘ the‘ remark, for,

having been under the inﬂuence

I of knock-out drops at the time the accident hap-
‘ ned he knew nothing about, the» smash—up at
e corner of Third Avenue and Seventy-second

Street. I -

“on’t you know what happened to thecab you,

were riding downtown in?" asked

' was the chauffeur

iv the trou'...e.- 

r

the negro, who

of tlieaiito which had caused I

n

 

“No,” replied Sid. _
“I was driving Mr. Raynor" and another: gentle- 
man up Seventy-second Street when a cab came, 
down Third Avenue right in our path gidpve ran, ._
into it, knocking it all of a heap. When I slowed?’ 
up and got back to the scene of the accident. Vite,‘ .55
found you lying in the midst of the wreckage un-_ , _ Y5
conscious. We picked you up and brought you: -
here. Mr. Raynor sent for a doctor, who came and ._ . 
examined you. He said you had not been injured _
by the shock, as far as he could see, but that you _. it‘
appeared to be under the inﬂuence of so e kind’ '
of drug. Mr. Raynor thought that snigu ar, and
decided to let you sleep off the effectsof the drug V 
ancltalk to you in the morning. You were left on” 
the lounge in the third ﬂoor back room, where you V > ~
found yourself when you came to your senses.” .' 
_“I begin to understand matters now,” replied.  .«
Sid. “I couldn’t make out why I, was in that
room, or this house. Is this Mr. Raynor’s resi~..;
dence?" . 
, “It is.” '. ' -_ . _.
“Well, I’d like to go home, but I suppose I ought ’ ' ’
to see Mr. Raynor first if it is convenient.” ‘ .
“He certainly wants to see and talk to you be-3
fore _you leave the house.” said the colored man.
He is at present engaged ith a number of gen-‘, ‘ .
tlemen on the floor above. e cannot be disturbed", A ‘
get they” are holding an important conferenc_e_;. ' '
u —— .. .
The_sou.nd of several footsteps on the landing‘.
above interrupted the speaker. . V
“I guess you’ll be able to see him now, as the
gentlemen seem to be going home,” added the 39‘-
gm chauifeur‘. _ '

‘Downstairs came Mr. Raynor, preceding his six.
visitors. ‘ 

“He1lol": he exclaimed on seeing Sid with his’
servant. Is that the boy we brought here 
night?” ' I

“Yes, sir,_” replied the colored man i~espectfully.;"

“How is it that he is down here?”

“He came downstairs an was trying to let hi
self out by the door when saw and detained him,
as I knew you wanted to talk to him." V ~

“Quite right, William. I will see you in a 
ment, young man.” . '
 Each of the six gentlemen looked curiously’
Sid as they passed out. They had heard the story.
of the collision of the auto and the cab from Mr.-
Raynor, and his statement that the boy’s insen-
sibility at the time he was picked up was vd
rather to the effects of a drug than to the ace
dent. After the six gentlemen had departed Mi-1
Raynor turned to" Sid. ‘ ‘ , Q .

::Well, young man, how.do you feel?”

“Pretty fair, sir,f’ replied Sid politely.

“lg/I_3yI.I ask yoiir name?” f G . .

1 en on. am a messen er or eo
N9_b1e. Stock! broker. of No. — Wgall'Street.. 

_Ind<Zed! replied the gentleman in some sur-
prise. I am personally acquainted with Mr. N
ble. My name is Edward Raynor,‘ and I am"
broker,  I regret that my auto ‘collided with
the cab in_whic_h you were riding downtowni 
evening. We picked you up- unconscious,’ brou ‘
you to. my house and I had. a doctor look you‘oV"_
He said you had not received ;any injury thmu
the smash-up; but he made the rather astonish" H ‘
statement that  were under the inﬂuencelbtg ‘
d1'|18- Can you throw any rlighton the’ matter?"

“A little. but not much," replied Sid, who

._§

 

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
     
  
  
   
    
 
  
  
 
    
  
   
   
 
    
  
  
  
    
  
 

I

 e

   

proceeded to tell the broker how he had been
summoned from his aunt’s ﬂat that evening to the
 entrance of the building where he found a rather
tough-‘looking boy who told him that Mr. Noble
ﬁas in a cab up beside the curb and wanted to see
in. - ,
“I could .not imagine what brought my employer
up to see me. as he never called on me before since
I've been with him. a matter of three years and a
half. However, I supposed it must be something of
importance and I went to the door of the vehicle.
 A‘s_Tthe door was pulled open I was suddeﬁly ush-
edin with considerable force. Before I cou d re-
cover I was struck on the head by something hard
and I nearly lost my senses. While in that condi-
tion I now recollect that some kind of liquor was
poured down my throat. ‘As the cab started off I
gradually become unconscious and that’s'all I re-
member till I came to myself upstairs."
Mr. Raynor listened to the boy’s story in no lit-
tle astonishment. _ _ ‘ ‘
“There must hay; been an object in carrying
‘on off in thathig -handed way,” said the bro-
er. “You will, of course. notify. the police and
let them investigate it.” I _
'?‘«I certainly shall, sir. I "won’t_ do anything,
wever, until I talk to Mr. Noble in the morning
the office.” ’
en minutes later Sid left Mr. Raynor’s house

agfd‘ started‘ for Third Avenue to take a train for -

the, Bronx at the Si.\:ty—seventb Street station.

ouhrricii .\'.——S'id Saves the Lire of Edith “
' ‘ . Holland.

When Sid failed to return within a reasonable
timeaftér going downstairs hatless, his aunt be-
' ‘ to. wondei- what had become of him. She

 ked out of the'w_incl’ow. but..cou1dn’t see him

.A C¥A1\lE ‘BOY

the sidewalk. Finally she went down to the I

filler: but her errand was fruitless. Hour after
Jifbur went by and she ‘began to grow nervous.
idnight came and he was still away. By this
e she was greatly worried and did not know
Whatto do. _She wouldn’t go to bed because she
ﬂﬁiewzshe couldn’t sleep. W hen two o'clock struck
‘ L was standing at'tlie front window looking out.
e.‘=sa\iv .a solitary ﬁgure coming up the street,
agidjt turned in at the ﬂat. ‘
";fCan that be Sid?” she asked herself, rushing
ten the landing. in the dark. ‘
_'],“}1-gi ﬁgure came ‘upstairs in the‘ mcagerly
 ‘lied hallway. . - _  . .
‘fIs' that you,-Sir ‘.’” sheaskodf anxiously; - '
“Yes. aunt. It’s me, all right. Worried about
. yr .' ', _ .

 

should say II have been.’ Where have you

over for some time. but they could not find an
answer to the riddle. Next morning Sidlaid the
whole matter before Mr. Nobleyand the broker
communicated the facts to the police. The matter
then rested until something developed. That
afternoon Sid left an order With the little bank
to buy 1,500 shares of Erie for him at the mar-,
ket. The shares were purchased next morning at
39. As it was Saturday the Exchange closed at
noon, and Sid, with his week's wages _in his.
pocket, was off at one o'clock. Instead of going
to the Bronx he took a Broadway car uptown in-
tending to buy a couple of theatre tickets for the
evening, as he and Dick Trevor had arranged to
take in a popular play. After getting the tickets
he strolled across Times Square.

Suddenly there was a rattle of wheels and a
rapid thud of horses’ hoofs on the Belgian blocks.
Quite -a number of persons were crossing the
square at that moment and there was a quick
scampering for the shelter of the walk. for, rush-
ing wild-eyed down the square, came the horses’
attached to a delivery wagon belonging to one of
the big department stores.
follow" the common example the‘team swerved to
one side and dashed down upon a handsomely_
dressed girl who had just made anzeffort to reach
the walk. ’ She became so terriﬁed at the sight
of the runaways bearing down upon her at race-'
horse speed that she stopped "short in helpless be- .
wilderment.

She would have assuredly been run_over and
killed but for the prompt action of Sid, who

rushed to her rescue. seized hex-about the waist, ,. .
and swung her out of the path of the frantic~ani- _ ’

mals just in the nick of time, and at no small‘
peril to himself, for-both of the rear wheels of
the heavy wagon. p ssed within an inch of his
feet. More than a
plucky rescue, and in a moment after the danger
was over he and the girl were surrounded by an
enthusiastic crowd. Sid led the dazed girl to the
sidewalk, the growing mob givin way reluctantly

is I

As Sid was about to ' '

V

undred pas-sersby saw the. 

to let them pass, and then following at their heels. I

-As they stopped on_ the sidewalk the crowd
swarmed around them‘ thicker than before, at~—
tracting the attention of a policeman. who pushed
his way forward to ﬁnd out what was the matter.
Sid in the meanwhile was trying to lead the em-
barrassed and grateful girl out of the focus of
eyes that persisted in staring them both out of V.
countenance. He aimed for a ne by store, but
before they reached the doorway thagoﬁicer caught
up with .them. Out came his notebook and down '
went the few brief particulars that Sid furnished ‘

«him with, including his name and address. _
_“And what's your name, miss?” asked the ‘pp 

you naughty boy?” she asked as he reached '

.-and grabbing her in his arms, kissed her;.
A_'s';. soon as they entered their ﬂat and locked

_ ’ure‘s.
-l’¢<_1..- -
You

Eve enemies, Sid.” she said. “Who can
bet)» - ~ *

ha,t’s wha.t'puz2les me. I didn’t know I had’.

unless it that Snorkey, who is an»A. D. T.
jngerghow; but he" couldn't work such a trick

 

’ ‘igymnt _talke'd the ]_Jui_;1ing_ ciuestionf.

 

‘:2 .

 

Sidtold her the story of his nighi;’s.nd- ~
' His aunt was both astonished and dis-

Q

     

liceman. .
“Edith Holland.” she replied.
“Where-do youylive?” ’ .
“At the B.ristol,HoteI. with m_v‘aunt."’_ __ .
The oﬂieer closed his book and ordered

crowd, to disperse. In a few minutes it melted fl

away,'and. much» to their relief, Sid and Miss"
Hollandwere lﬁ by themselves. ’ .» . 1
“I ‘am very, very grateful to you, Mr. Fenton,"-.

said, the girl earnestly.

“I am sure You saved my‘ '
life. ‘ 9. , ‘

.. “.-I won’t say I didn't. foi- you stood right" in the :7

path of the team. "I am glad I was able to"be. of *
service to you, Miss Holland,Vand now that ' tr
have no longer any need for my ‘services, '-

the’ A

  
  

 0 - 16
you wish-me to escort you to your hotel, I will
wish you good-afternoon.” -

“I should be glad to have you go with me as far
as the -Bristol, if it isn’t taking you out of your
wa}‘1lll,vgill'VrlL£il;dt:l?ee‘:xtilaybut of my way, as I’m not
bound for any place in particular. It will be a
-pleasure for me to accompany you there.”_
on a ou n . '

E?’ the ?‘$$e“‘§io§§§ih.$§y”'§a£33 s’§$€i.‘ ilvéis
land were on exceedingly friendly terms.

' “You must come upstairs and let me introduce
you tomy aunt. She will want to thank you for
what you did for me ” said Edith. 7

Sid consented to go "to their suite, not because
he wanted to receive the thanks of the girl's aunt,
but because he thought it might open the way

. for him to meet the young lady again. ‘After

" introducing Sid to Mrs. Carlton, her aunt, Edith
went on to explain how the boy had gallantly
saved her life at Times Square at considerable
personal risk to himself. Of course Mrs. Qarlton

- §""€°is§§ %i.":' si.Ellef.?§i?‘$3’§§§3“li§.“wl‘t’i E1? afﬁiii
 to’ call on -them some evening soon. Sid"

romised to do so, and took his leave, feeling sat-
ilsféad that Edith Igpllaufd waislhthe iS1_i§estegirIl)ilci1e

, is i e. en. 1 m
that :¥':lI11'I1lnepIx‘:1p3.I‘at0I'y to‘ going to the theatre

" _he told his _ iend of the incident in which he had
ﬁg‘?§e0$l‘.:nna'I$1I:::ll§(l)ueal‘I:" all the morning papers ”

I
said Dick. “In fact, the story ought to be in
thelater editions of the evening papers. We must
bu‘yBone and see if it is. . Is Miss Holland p,i'etty?’:

. _ et.your life, shes pretty as a picture, re
plied Sid enthusiistgicallyil ff t b 1).} t main.

0 tainnixsifilgl ateavlieiceohetecl Iikeath: I??ristol.’’

‘ ?‘They dress as if they were not in any urgent
neﬁd of m(‘mey’” zllrlswfllgd t§1dtheir ac uaintanced”

«I.  .P.9sz::,» °“  9 Q -
' "‘You ought to". have no diﬂiculty‘ in doing so

’ v8.fter_ saving the‘ (young lady's life. I_ should

0 imagine ﬁhat woul make .you pretty solid with

'th b t .
‘ ?I‘nli,eyodidn’t buy an evening~paper till‘they came
out of the theater after the show. Scanning the

7 news columns they found the Times Square inci-

dent boiled down to _.a paragraph, but it had

Sid’s name in, and Edith’s, too, quite correctly. .

 

do something big myself some day ‘and get my
name in the paper, too.” ‘
, “Sure,” chuckled Sid, as they walked up the
elevated stairs together.
On Monday Erie went down half a point.
“It will have to go as low as 30 to put me
on the danger line,’’ said Sid to himself; “and
I don’t believe it will go anywhere near that.”
- On ‘Wednesday evening he called on Edith Hol-
:’ " land and her aunt at the Bristol. During the
  evening Jie told them about his various stock
 ". deals, ‘and how from a start with $1,000 he had
v .» . .made. $17,000 more. They though he was unus-
‘. ually‘ smart as well as fortunate.’ Then he._..told
them that he had a sure.‘-tip on Erie, and had

  
   
 
 

‘goon. . _
‘ “The. syndicate that’s cornering the stock ex-

I

:-

/

   

‘_.‘Well,” said Dick, a bit enviously, “maybe I'll.

A 0 GAME BOY

r ; bought 1,500 shares in expectation of the boom ._
’ ,which he ‘was conﬁdéﬁt was coming oﬂ pretty "

._\

. Of course you get it back along with your proﬁt ”

, ought to know if you have any par"

 
  

ects to raise it to 60, at any rate,” he said. .
That offers me the chance of making a roﬁt at --
$20 a share, or $30,000 altogether; T at wilir
raise my capital to nearly $50,000.” - 3 ‘ .
“Cou1dn’t~ you buy me some shares of Eri 
too?” asked Edith, with sparkling eyes.’ V V [1
“I guess I could manage it all right. One hun~ rv
dred shares would cost you in margin $1,000,”
he said. , 1, ,
“And 1,000 shares would cost me, $10,0000,
wouldn't it?” - ‘ " .» ‘
“Yes. _,The margin is always $10 on a share

  
    
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
 

if the price goes up and you sell _out in time, less
commission and interest on the money advanced”
by the broker to put the deal through for you.” , .
Sid explained the method of buying and selling ;
stocks on margin, and Edith told her aunt that;
she'd like to buy-.1,000 shares ‘of Erie, and 
if she couldn’t make a good thing out of it. as
Sid expected to do himself. - - " ?“
Mrs. Carlton seemed doubtful about letting
niece risk so much of her money. 1 . , V 4
“Oh, I’ve got plenty,”.. replied the girl, a bit’
independently.’ “I ca afford to take the chances.”
The result was en Sid left the hotel he,-,7
carried away in his pocket 21 check for $10,000—"7
made out to his order and signed by Mrs. Carlton. 1
Next day he bought the 1,000 ‘shares for Edith
at 39, and notified her by letter of the fact.» , g ‘

her;

I

CHAPTER XI.—-Sid Decides to Start Out "roi-
Himself With a Fair Partner.

Toward _the end of. the week Erie began creep—
ing up a little at a time, and when it ‘reached‘45
the brokers began to notice that‘ something’ was
doing in it. There was a great deal oﬁbusiness
done in the stock and the price ﬂuctuatetfl up and
down all day Friday, -closing at 42.  0 . 

Next morning Broker Raynor‘ met. Si-"d on the
street and stopped him. " 
« “Found out anything about the persons who
tried to kidnap you?” he asked the boy. ~ - _-.'

“No, sir; not a thing. Mr. Noble}tu'rned'the
case over to the police, but I haven’t‘ heard that
the5Iz’ve fmacle akilriy discoﬁreriesf’ ’ ' * H g

“ t’s unny t at you aven t the least ideawho
Put the job up on You,” said the brwri. “xou

. ar ener-
mies.” \ wt? , . - ~_-

“The only enemies I could have thafﬂ’I_"~knoW
are the friends of the‘ crooks I he1p,e°d-f.send to
Sing Sing three ,years and a half ‘ti . They
would hardly have waited so long toiiget ,squa;ri3ﬂ;
with me. There’s an old woman who 1 ‘ " is
junk ‘store on Street. ‘ , _
of injury before I came to wor down here‘
had her sent to the Island, thoug in my» opinio
she oufght to havelliesn put aw2i.1y’in‘tlhe eniteng

iar or women. are sa s es sti own '
me 3like a cartload of briclgs. But "'I_ ‘don't asst’;
how she could be mixed ug in the cab aii’ai'i:.;'-‘if
she was going. to do anyt ing like that-I sho-
"‘§h{n1I:dsl}e dihave done it as soon as she got off: *

s a . . . ' ' - .

“Have yougiven our suspicions to the police
, “I believe No le, who is familiar with;-iv

Iywas up against befoi e I came to wo\rk forh.
gave themall the paiticulais. , . . 

as

     
   
    
 

   

 “.0 ~"iI ’sliould"think ithey'ougl:t»to have found out

something by this time, then.” , _

-,._ -''‘‘I’ve heard that Mother Scrooge, that’s the“ old

/ woman's name, has a big pull with the politicians
in. her ward. I imagine that’s how she got off

’ with a light sentence on the Island.”.

2 7 "The broker nodded, as if he agreed with Sid,

 and then/went on, his way. That day when the

'‘.Exchange closed at‘ noon Erie was upto 43.

.  Sid had a date that afternoon with Edith Hol-

e land ti) take her to a matinee performance of _a

V lay that was havingva long run, so after his

1 Punch he went directly to her hotel‘ where he found
; , her,-in a new gown, waiting; for him.

‘ f"‘Well,” he said as they were on theway to the
1 V theater, “y0u’}‘e $4,000 and I’m $6,000 ahead on

' ' Erie so far.” ' -
 . “Isn't that splendid!” she exclaimed. “It’s 'ust
/ like ﬁnding money to deal in Wall Street store 3.”

7 '.‘It is if you’re lucky; but if the market goes
y against you you can lose money quicker down
i there than anywhere else I know of.’’,

’ “But. you haven‘t lost any yet.” _

' ‘‘That’s because I was born lucky, I guess.”
 "1 think I must have been born lucky, too,
 because I’ve been fortunate all my life so far.
Papa left me a~l'ot of money in trust which will
conjie'to me when I gfetto beitwenty-one.”

, ,, “It isn’t every young lady who is as fortunate
— ' asiyou to have plenty of money left ‘to her. I
, suppose your auntns your guardian.”

— "‘Y'es.

tars." ‘ ~ .

. “Suppose you make $10,000 or $15,000 out of
 ‘this Erie deal, what %are you going to do with all
that money?” . 1 _ . ,

‘.‘I’ll, let my aunt have charge‘ of it,_ for _I’m
‘notrso extravagant asto want to spend it fo1l1sh-
1 .” ~ ' ‘ . \ ”i ,
"If I make as good a haul as"*‘I expect,'I’m
wthiyﬂging of goingyinto business on my own hoo .”
‘—  “Are. you?” ’ i ’ _

. “Yes. ‘I’ll hire an office, and devote all my time
and attention to the Inhrket. How would you
like to go in partnership with me? ’ ~ : -
''‘‘I’ like to ﬁrst-rate, If aunt would let-me.
113,31 , I have nothing to do but try to amuse
myself all day. , —I’d like to have something more
1 important than that on my hands.”

»“Well',-"we’11 speak about the matter after we
-see how we come out on this deal.”. '
 T During the next‘ week Erie went_up to 50, and

  
 

  
  
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
 
   

brokers say there would be. _He was more than
'e1V'er'~satisﬁed that he was going to make a good
 out of his Erie transaction, and, of course,

‘good-sized wad, also. . V
The lambs, when they read that.Erie‘ was
booming, came hustling down to the Street to
put7,their~ ﬁngers in the pie. They brought their
‘wads-, great and small; and put themup like
ttle veterans. J ‘ 1
Erie opened at 52 on the following Monday
morning. and there.was excitementﬂto burn, es-
‘ ‘ially when the news leaked out that a big
‘I . dicate had, cornered the stock and intended to
‘ ‘it out of sight. ' v s .

She has charge of all my business mat-. it

there’ wasvmuch excitement in the Exchzmge.in_
"consequence, just as Sid had heard the seven

-lf"he was successful Edith Holland would-make

Av GAME BOY , .
‘On Wednesday the pricewas up to 60, and that. 

_ the figure Sid had’ decided to sell at.
didn’t. have a chance to leave his order with the ‘

/

was

He.

little bank,t.ill he got on for the day,»then.he told
the margin clerk to sell his shares and ,Edith’s

first thing in the morning. The

at 61 1-2 and it opened at 62 5-8,’ at” which price

the stock was sold. , When Sid got

the two state-

ments that afternoon. and the two checks, he

found thatshe. had made $35,000, a
had captured a proﬁt of $23,000.

nd that ,Edith*
'Before ‘going .

home he enclosed Edith’s statement and check in
an envelope and sent it to her ‘hotel by special

messenger, telling her how much

he had niade, 1 1‘

himself. Hegot a note from her next day thank-’
ing him for helping her make so much, and tell-

ing him that, with her aunt’s consent, she was -

ready to go into partnership with him“to the ex-
tent of the $23,000, or even more, if necessary,
and asking him to come up soon and talk the mat-

ter over with her and her aunt.

He called on her Friday night, and the result
of the interview wasthat they were torform an

even partnership, each putting in
speculative purposes. On the strength of that Sid . .

next day resigned his messenger job, much to Mr.

Noble’s astonishment, who wanted to know the V 100'

reason of it. Sid told him frankly

that he could

make more money in Wall Street on his own hook

than by working for any broker.
broker about his ﬁve deals from

a wealthy young lady were going

ship with a, combined capital of $100,000.

He told the 5 5
which he had. -Q
cleared $53,000, and he also told him that he and,"

. into partner-”
Mr. V

Noble smiled and told him that he thought he

and the young lady were very foolish to risk their ’ 0
money on such a gameof chance as
held out, notwithstanding the succ

so far followed his efforts. ,
ing to take the chances, ‘and he gu

along all right’; if he didn’t it was his own fu-., V

ess which had

essed he’d get

. 

stock had closed it

~.

$50,000‘ for, a ’

Wall Street  

Sid said he was will- i

 

neral, and nobody would hear him squeal if he

came out at the short end of the horn.

“Well,. my boy, if you’re determined to go

you. Experience is the best teache

another messenger.

counting-room at any time.”

*3
faithfully
with me, and I have never had the
to find withiyou.

matter out of myhands, all I

doubtful to me. I think you jwoul

judgment by remaining with me and ‘letting 

invest your money at good interest.
be safe.

if I can help you in any way whil

A Sid proniised that he would, and
111;»; ‘Monday. began his last week w

“Thank you, Mr. Noble,” replied Sid. H
?That’s all right, my boy. You have worked
as a messenger since you have been ‘
slightest fault G
I told your aunt I‘ would look , ,
after your future, but since you are taking the '-
c'an hope is that ’
you -may make a success of your venture. Owing 
‘ to your/youth arrd inexperience the result, looks '

However. you are the doctor.
1 get that Ishall always be your good friend, and
, e you age out

for yourself don’t [fail to call on me. « * * *  ’ ‘

r, though it is.

work my olfer

d show bette;
Then it would

7)

on ;the;.follmv.-

desk in my '

Don’t ‘for-if

_ _ ith Mn. 'Nobi;e
as his messenger. , .»,. i n , fits:

,ahead there. is no use of me tryingto dissuade 

often a dear one. I intended to promote you to * " "
my counting—room, and was thinking of getting. —
If you find after a trial that
your plan of going it alone doesn’t
‘ is open to you to come back and take a

   

 

  

 

    

 

‘CHAPTER XI'I.~——“Feiiton & Holland, Stocks and
r . Bonds." ‘

 

On the Mondav ‘morning following his sever-

. ’ started out office hunting. It took him several
days before he found a suitable single room that
Qwould answer his purpose. He furnished it up

in good Shape, and put in a safe, a ticker and a '

, “telephone. Although Edith was to be a regular
 partner, he did not expect her to take an active
participation in the ‘business. She insisted on be-
ing allowed to come down every day and make
herself as useful as possible, as she said she was

 

tired of doing nothing but trying to amuse he1i—b.
self all day long. Sid said he would be delighted
»to have her come down every day. and told her -

» she could stay in the oﬁice, if she liked, when he
»was out at the Exchange and elsewhere. As a
matter of fact he liked-to have her around him,

 her, and he thought the more they saw of each

other the closer their relatidnship wouldbecome.
'  As soon as he had the oﬂice ready. for occupation
ghee hired a sign painter to put the ﬁrm name on
the door as followsz.

FENTON & HOLLAND. _
' ,« Stocks and. Bonds. » ‘

' hen. he- looked at the legend ‘after the painter

llhad ﬁnished his work he said: '

 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
    
   

of the ﬁrin is a girl. If that fact leaked out
among the brokers I bet I’d have them trooping
up. here in squads to make Miss Holland's ac-
q'uaintance,‘ and if some of the younger men sus-
'pected she had much money they would try to
make love to her, and perhaps some shrewd chap

money and all, and then where would I be at?". ’

Sid chuckled at the idea’of such a thing, though
he didn’t think it funny at all’. That evening Sid
called at the Hotel Bristol and told Edith that the
oﬂice was ‘all ready for her inspectiom
'5‘That's lovely!" she, exclaimed, clapping her
hands. “Aunt and I will be down tomorrow.”
 :‘’Here is our card.” said Sid. ﬁshing out 9.
Email package of bristols and handing/chem to

er.  .— ‘ . ,
:"Oh. myl ‘Fenton &. Holland, 'Stocks and
Bonds, No. —-‘ Wall Street, New York.’ I ‘must
show that to auntie at once.”

Sherushed into an adjoining room and was
‘gone several minutes. I
V"‘Auntie says I’m a regular bi'oker,"
iaughingly when she returned. V
"“Sure‘you are.” l - . ~ ,
“,I ‘suppose, I'll have to come down every day."
drip/active partner; but I'll be glad to have you
1come,if; you will. I .bou'zht a small desk for you,

nd can bring a book and read if I’ve.noth-
ing"ffor»you to ‘do. At any rate, it will be handy
to have you around to watch’ the office when I’m
»Sid,;st’£i'yed~till half-pafstten that evening. When
e.went_ .h‘ome»_h4e‘was more interested in Edith

2‘g'r&§ﬁi~e_adin.g.a' Wall ,Stl'e_et daily, there came a tap
” 'e..doo1:.-   

   

A GAME‘ i§.0Y

ance of business relations with Mr. Noble Sid,

foiyhe was already more than half in love with ~

“That looks fine: No one will suppose that one:

i’ might cut me out and walk off with my partner,

she said’ V

“’ “,N'o"t_unless/ you want to. as you’re’v not exactly‘.

 ever. .Abo"ut eleven ‘next morni‘ng while Sid ‘

 

“Come in.” called out the
VVa“l.l‘{K(/-l}(1l lt?Jdith_and flger aunt. ’ <
a anic . ’ t!’ " d h 
delighted”. e o ce you ve go ciie t e  V p:
::You mean we've got,” corrected Sid. »
‘I_ can t seem to realize that I'm really a part»
ner‘ in a regular business,” she replied. . . I .
;Oh, you ll get usedto the sensation ~after~a% ;
while,” laughed Sid. _ i 
“I've always been so utterly useless that I must  
try‘ to m,ake_amends’by being real‘ useful now.'', ; ,
Thats right. .Ill’try to find something‘ to-' I
keepuyou out of mischief." ‘ V ' _;
_ Thats real good of you. I'm ready to‘ begin '- ‘
right away. Is that my desk?" ,  y
“Yes." ‘ - V  ‘ C;
“Now, auntie, you'll have to go back to the hotel V. 
iioge; Ive got to remain and attend to bus'i‘— '
“Don't you want’ to go over and see thebulls:
and bears; both of you?” . < _ :
Sa;;1Yf1)Bldi?;lff.aii the Stock Exchange,- don’t, y9u”‘_l't’5,
. “That's what I mean. I'll take
itors’ gallery.” _  I
The ladies said they would be delighted to go,
so Sid closed up the office and took them to the 
EXChaBg§- They SD91“ nearly an hour infthe gal-j-'
l_ery looking down -at the traders» who were‘-h‘owl \
mg, and shaking their fists, generally witIi7.‘tw._o
ﬁngers ‘pointed ,forward, at one another, and‘ occa‘—- ‘
sronallyniakimr memorandums on their tabs and"  ‘
exchanging themvamong thembselves.‘ Edith and 1% l
her aunt wereniuch interested in all that they
_saw at the Exchange, andthaiiked Sid for bring’
lng‘ them there. It was half-past twelve when
th_€.V lf-{fl}, and then, Sid invited them ,to'lunch~
with him. They_accepted and the young‘ broker,7
took them to a nice restaurant on Beaver Street '
where they spent another‘ hour over their lunch
after which Mrs. ‘Carlton took a Broadway locat-
uptown while Edith accompanied Sid back to ‘the
oﬂice. Next morning Edith was down promptly
at ten, Sid having’ told her that her off'ic’e"ho'urs
would be from ten to three. and /the young broker, '
«leaving her in charge of the'oﬂ"ice,_.went over -to;

young‘ broker," and. in” ; 

     
    

you into 

  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
    
   
    
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
   

Noble, accompanied by another broker, :dI‘0.P.l5ed
into see Sid.~ i ’  ., — 
/. “_Mr._ Fenton went over to the ,Ex,change,"'said
Edith in answer to their inquiry.‘ “Will you leave
your» names, gentlemen?" ~ 
“Mine is Noble. I am Sid’s late employer. v,I
came in-_ to see how he was ﬁxed. He seems foo
have quite a nice ofﬁce. Are you, Miss Holland
Edith admitted that she was.‘  ' p ‘ ‘
_Mr._Noble then wished her good-by and he an
his, friend took their leave. , The gientleman"who
had entered with Mr. Noble was a brbker,'»sind.
he spread the news around that the new”’”ﬁh‘n‘ 
Fenton & Holland, was. composed of’ Broker
\Noble"s‘ late messenger and a'ﬂne-looking‘ young
lady whose life he had saved., He dilatedsoi much
on the young«lady’_s charms’ that every trader’:
spoke to gnthe subject became exceedinglyxcur
« ous to see the fair young brokeress, as Mr. Noble
friend lau hingly called her. A,.little after»/tli‘;i:
I several -bro _ ers heac_led.for ’Sid’s ‘oﬂice, Whe;1.’eh/egyw
i entered Edith bad Just gone home. , 0:i_e_of.:'ti;:5m

knew Sid pretty-well. V;

  

  

 

 
 
 

7 right up to date.”
I “Yes, sir.

 
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
    
    
  
 
   
   
 
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
 

 

' ' . h'l th ther chuckled.
W  rblelnsdmiiisbd, hgwg-,ver,s if this office be-
 comes the Mecca for half the brokers on the

anybody else

I ‘simply as

lA‘AG‘AMEBOYK w -1

“Hello, Fentonl” he said. “Gone ‘into business

,. for yourself?”

“Yes, sir.” _ .
“Well, ,your sheep—shearing den seems to be

I try to keep abreast ‘of the times.-”

“Let me make you acquainted with Mr. Black
and Mr.‘~Greene. meﬁbers of the Exchange. Gen-
tlemen, this is Sid Fenton. Noble’s late messen-

‘1;lE’leased to know you, gentlemen,”9s,aid Sid.’
“By the way, where s your partner.
“Gone home.”

“That's too bad. 'We came up hate expressly

. to see her.”

“Her!” exclaimed Sid.
“Certainly. We understand that you have 13

~ ver charining young lady for a partner.”

“ _ o told you that?” . _
“ r. Fosdick. You know him, don't you?”

“No, I haven’t the honor. .;;How did he comeby

’ A A the information?”

“He was up here}  morning with Noble.”
r- u H ‘ 1 _ '

’ "§)}tll’IllIlf[J§‘(:)‘1l2l9i}i:I‘lgll ﬁnd that the Street will show
considerable interest in this fairlpartner of Y0l11'S-
Brokers are rather susceptible to, }’011th and
beauty. When is she on exhibition? _ ”

"She isn’t on exhibition at all. Mr. Prince, re-
plied Sid, a little bit annoyed. “When he's here

-A she’s here on buiness; same as any bro er in his’ ’

H
.°w-Pogmgfilrse, we understand that,” lughed

‘A “You

I know of a dozen who are very«anx-

‘ions to see Miss Holland.”

“Miss Holland, I guess, will not care to become
the focus of Wall Street curiosity,” ‘answered Sid-

‘tlf she’s as handsome and stylish as I have
heard she is I don't see how she can avoid attract-
ing “considerable attention.”

'“I believe there’s no law to prevent brokers or
' from admiring her on the stiéfet if
' . httht'htdenoteten toa
'l2ifdTeviilimtliiO§ o&ce,”are1:'1l>‘llied Sid in axtone that,‘

‘showed he was decidedly opposed to such a thing.

’ Broker Prince thought it advisable tolchange

 ‘ _t, d ft t ' 1; pump Sid about
lgvhlﬁaﬁultidelnteiizdedatﬁrdofbliggand his friends “said
“good—day and ‘left the office.

._.._.._.s

it AFTER XIII.—In ‘which Sid Secures Both a
CH Tip and a Pointer. and Also Makes '
“a Contract for -Life. ‘

 was down on time next morning with a

mewlnovel to engage her attention while Sid was

out. . Half 9. dozen traders, who hadknown Sid
Mr. Noble’s messenger, stopped him
one after’ another on the sidewalk as he was walk-

ng toward the Exchange. to ask him why he had

 up for himself. what h-eexpected to make out ‘
.01‘ it, and where he had picked up his. partner.

“ . ‘ ld _ W llvSt t eemedtobe greatly
iiﬁtrenseaslifelda in aglflitha Hollgiied, Sthen other matters
diverted attention ‘away from her. When side and
-‘ggii-_1"urere together .in th ‘ ﬂice he instructed

 . v ‘.
‘= .. , /

" the ins and outs of the nancial district as... .» -“Would she sell on the oution..basis‘."".,, 'y

her wise to many things that were new an
strange to her.

 

far as he was acquainted with them, and made’

Thus a month passed away and the ﬁrm had

not as yet made a dollar.
o’clock Sid had occasion to visit a trader in the

Atlas Building, where Mr.- Raynor, the bﬁokﬁr»
s e91
._ came out in the corridor he \saw six gentlemen S‘

who lived on Fifth Avenue. had his office.

One day about threav

attired in Prince Albert coats andxsilk hats come!

from the direction of the elevator and enter Ray-
nor’s ofﬁce. Sid recognized them as the men he

had seen in Mr. Raynor’s home the night he was
brought there unconscious after the accident at»

Seventy-second Street and Third’Avenue. These
gentlemen, with Mr. Raynor, comprised the syn—
dicate that had so successfullyboomed Erie, and

probably made a mint of money out of the corner. 
Sid. as he looked at them ﬁle into Mr. Raynor’s -=

oﬁice, wonderful if there was a new deal on the I

tapis in which these wealthy men were interested. '

However, there didn’t seem to be an

probability «=
_ of Sid ever getting on to the plans 0 Raynor and

his friends a second time. so he returned to his

oﬂice.
Building on Broad Street.

Two days later a sudden ﬂurry of rain ~I
drove Sid into the open portal of the Jupiter-

gr’-

The fiortico of the skyscraper was formed of

six great granite pillars, three on either side of
the entrance. Sid took refuge between two of
them, and presently two gentlemen in silk hats
and Prince Albert coats came out of the building,

and not being provided with umbrellas, they did 1

not venture to face the ‘rain. As several persons
stood around the entrance the two gentlemen in
question moved over into the space between the
middle and inner pillars.

reached him.

, «we are to meet again at Raynor’s at live to} :~
r,” said one of them in a hoarse

day, remeinbe
voice as if he had a cold.

_ Sid was standing’ be— 
tween the middleiand. outer one, leaning against‘

the former. In this position the voices of the two ;
gentlemen, who were carrying on a conversation, «-

«J

“I haven’t forgotten that fact. Yardley,” said’,

the other. “I'm not likely to hold aloof when

this new deal promises to eclipse the Erie coup.” ' ’ J’

“Raynor ﬁgures that we ought to land a million
and a half each time. H. & O‘. is ’way»down,

owing to the late operations of the Busby clique  ‘

3,5,; .

which sold it short to the extent of millions,
they must have made a ﬁne rake—oﬁ out of the
‘matter. Raynor sees the chance -for us to jump

..right in and corner the stock at rock-bottom ﬁg—‘ ‘ -
ures just as we did in Erie. Thenlwhen the control’ ~.

of the bulk of the shares is in_ our hands, we will '

be in a possition to boom it thirty. péints or even

‘more.’ This afternoon’s» meeting is, as you are 1- "5 ‘V
aware, to arrange the ﬁnal details and put up

our checks for a million each to see the ,game
through. ‘As H. & O. is liable to recover at‘ any

time it will be‘ necessary’ to lieginbuying right" — '
quiet about it if we’re a

away, and we can't be too
to rake ‘in all the cream.”

“Mrs. Curtis Fairfax, of Fairfax Lodge, West‘ 
as 15,000 shares that she’s been‘ aux-:71 ‘
ions to get rid of since the slump in its price. Its 7‘
market value today is 59 1-8. We could ’affor’d.'

Brighton, 

to oﬁ‘erv~her 60, taking aﬁfteen-day o tionzon the
stock by putting up '10'per cent. of ‘ ‘
price, which would be $90,000.”

   
 
 
 

A e‘ purchase .-1

 ‘L.

 

26

‘ A GAME . ‘BOY 0

2 “Leave that to me, Yardley. She's an old lady, I

and $90,000 spot cash will have considerable at-
traction for her under the present wobbly condi-
ltion of the market.”

 

“Then I suppose you will make it your business

to see the old lady tomorrow?"

“Yes; tomorrow afternoon early. I shall sug-
gest to Raynor to engineer a few wash sales in
the morning to get a lower quotation than 59.
_That may frighten the old lady into making the
‘deal with me right off the reel.”

. “A good idea. Windom.
let up raining, I see.”

The two brokers stepped onto the sidewalk, and
.Sid easily recognized them as two of the Raynor
clique._, He waited till they had gone some yards
and then he stepped from between the pillars him-
self and started for his oﬂice.

’ “Well. talk about luck!” he muttered. “To
' think I should get on to the plans of the Raynor

. clique in such a simple way. "So they're going to
boom H. & 0. this time. And I wager they can
do it all right if anybody can. Men who can put
up their checks for a million, as they’re going to
do this afternoon at the meeting, have the sinews
of War at their‘ fingers’ ends. This is where the

_ new ﬁrm of Fenton & Holland is going to make a
'- - quarter of a million. or I don't know what I'm
~« ,., talking about.. If Edith and I stick together I'll

 

Well, let’s get on. It’s -

~ making a go of it.‘ I like you so well as a.partn.er

agree to that,:or don't you?”

"wager we'll be worth a million one of these days. ,

» As I’m the individual who is really making the
1-money I must. manage to marry her,‘ if I can. so
as to keep it in the family." . .
When he reached the office he told Edith what
« he had overheard. and laid out before her all the
i . advantages the tip promised for them.
I “I’m going to steal a march on the Raynor
‘clique by_ going’ to West Brighton tomorrow morn-
-, ling with. $90,000 in my pocket and try» to pur-
 ‘ehase a ﬁfteen-day option on her 15,000’sh-ares.
“ 7 v That’s far better than putting u $100,000, our
whole -capital, at a broker’s in or er to have him
buy us 10,000 shares. Of course we’re taking ii
gconsiderable risk. for if the boom shouldn't go
through inside of the‘ fortnight we stand to lose

\

 

» . $810,000 to‘ complete the purchase of the shares.
" Ourcourse of action. if things go right,’ will be
"to sell the option as soon as the boom is well on.
I figure that the rise will be at least twenty
points. Should we sell at a ﬁfteen-point advance
we would make nearly aquarter of a million.”
“My gracious!” exclaimed Edith. “What a lot
. of money!” ’ ’
"‘Yes, it is a lot when yo_u say it slow. It would
make our ﬁrm ”well off. You could buy a few im-
’ ported gowns andhzits if you wanted to and not
,miss the cost.” ’
"‘Aunt will be simply——: '
— I . “You mu'stn’t say a word to your aunt about
. this matter until the deal has gone through. Ab-
.-nsolutei secrecy is essentialto success ‘in Wall
, Street operations. .Don’t forget that. I‘ am sure
you can keep a secret when it is necessary for you
‘todo so.”

 

7

 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 

If “I suppose you like Ithe idea of making big
money,” he said. _ . — , " '
‘' “Like it‘! I should think I do. It seems to me

thatyou are the one

. mist a ﬁguireliead.

 

iour $90,000. for we couldn’t raise anything like‘

“Yes, «I think I .can,”Ashe answered laughingly. ‘

whoyis really making it. .:I’m _ p
I ‘don’t think I’m_ ‘entitled to ,,_ by one of the win. s. Mrs. Fairfax 'WaS_«',i3...

’ bills in his pocket.

 

'ness relations with the Wall Street ﬁrm; admit

 
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

half”the profits. I shall feel as if I'm robbing“
you. ' .
‘‘l\_Ionsense! I am just as much interested i
making, money for you as for myself.’,’ A  *
Y_ou re awfully good to sa_y that,” she said,
ﬂashing a glance _at _him which sets _his heart’;
bumping against his ribs. ’ _ o T 
> “Well. if_ you can keep znlother secret I’ll tell
you,’ he said, ’pushing his chair nearer to her. \
“I ll try to, she replied archly. " 1
I p(l)(;<;i;S\;e"robbed me of the most important thing...
:1 am sure I don't understand you, Sid.” A ’_
I might as well tell you nowiwhat it is as .a
any other time. You ve robbed the of my heart}? H
She looked down at the rug and was silent.
We are business partners with every chanceof .

that I want to make it a life contract.
you say, Edith?

. What‘ (1
Do you think enough‘ of_ me 1;

Sid was a ‘game boy in love as he was inbiisi
ness and everything else. He was encourzfged 1;
see that Edith made no effort towithclraw herself
from his partial embrace. He pressed herclose‘
to him and raised her blushing face to his. 7 ' .

“Is .it yes or no. dear?” ‘ I . '7 "

he had captured her lips, "and the contract forlif’
was sealed then and there. i . » ‘

 

_ CHAPTER XIV.-—The Masked‘ 'sevL-it '1

At ten o'clock next morning Sid started r.’
West Brighton, Staten Island, with $90,000 in 
. _ He was bound for Fairfax.
Lodge to interview old Mrs. Curtis Fairfax about "
her _15,000 shares of H. & Oﬁstock which he we
anicious to_secure a ﬁfteen-day option on, which
he calculated would be long-enough for his pur;
pose. He landed at the ferry dock at St”. Georg
at half-past ten and caught a trolley car for Wes

Brighton. The conductor was able to direc'|;uh
to the residence of Mrs. Fairfax. who as ye
well known at that end of the island.’ e live

in an elegant villa in the suburbs. and Sid’ his
no difficulty in finding. the place. . The ‘big~_,.iro'
gate ‘forming the main entrance was closed a
locked, and Sid had to push a button in-one of"th"
posts, to attract attention. A man, who‘ look ’
like a gardener, came out of a small lodge Ila
asked Sid what he wanted.  
“I have called to see Mrs. Curtis Fairfax 0
business. I represent the firm of Fenton? 8: Hal
land. No. —- Wall Street. Here is our busines
card,” and Sid passed it through the bars to'*lﬁn'r.
The man, satisﬁed. of the boy’s respectahilify
and thinking probably that his mistress had’ bu

Sid. andhe went to thefront-’do'or and raiigwtlgn,
bell. He handed his business card to the maid.
who answered the ring, and told, her to tell Mrs
Fairfax that Mr. Sidiiev Fenton wished to see?
on business. She ushered Sid into the parlor:
the ground _ﬂoor and carried the card and .t in

sage upstairs. She returned presently and 
Bid to follow her. She led him. up to aﬂirery‘ ' "
fortable sitting‘-room on the second ﬂoorjwhei
found the lady of » e house seated in an arm-

 

     
   
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   

‘olfdilady with white hair. and Sid judged her age
toihe over 7 9. . . _ .
K “iii/I1-s. Fa1rfax?”/ said Sid.’ advancing, hat In

an .

_‘:¥.‘es,’-A she relpliﬁd, lookirgg at  in'qi11iringlyf.
‘ ‘ »un erstan t at you ave o,000 s ares 0
‘H. & 0. stock that you are thinking of selling,”
liegan Si_d._‘ ‘ _ V

“How did youdlearn that?” she asked, ap-
parently surprise . V. .
 “Through a broker‘. whose name I am not fa-
n1i_liarjwith.’?
‘ "“Well?” she said. _ .
‘-‘The latest quotation this morning is 59_. _I'can
ifer you‘ 60, however, provided you are willing to
'§e11..the stock on a_ ﬁfteen-day option basis.
ﬁrepared to deposit $90,000 in cash in your hands
..as.a' gua_rax_1tee that I Will call or send for the

hares within fifteen days from_ this date, in de-
fault of my'do1ng‘ so the deposit becomes yours,
"and I will lose all claim on the stock.”
. ‘The old lady was not at ﬁrst disgosed to accept
._Sid’s proposition,-but after they ad talked the
atter over she consented. much to the boy's sat-

.faction. The option was drawn up ‘and signed
ah

 

   
  
       
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
   
    
   
    
  
   
    

‘,1‘ece1'pt for it. and then the business being.ﬁn-

eparted. When he reached the ferry a boat from
rew ‘York’ was just coming in. Among the pas-
sengers who walked ashore Sid recognized the
rokerof the Raynor clique, who was evidently. on
’hg1'sway to call on Mrs. Fairfax about the H. &-O.
ajygsu Sigd chuckled. for he knew the gentleman
, -''.doo’1‘ned , to ,disappointment.. About three
'‘ lock‘ that afternoon. a few minutes after ‘Edith
 taken her departure for the _day, Broker
’Ra,yn_or_'walked into Sid’s oﬁice. _
How do you do, Mr. Raynor?” said Sid po-
‘h’t-e*1y., "Take a seat.” _
" “’I am looking for some,I-I. & 0. stock,” said

 or sale?” 4 l

,0. sire” ‘ t .. ‘ T — ~  '

,. .Isn't. it a fact that you_bought' an option on
1_5,@00»'shares of H. & 0. this morning from Mrs.
v jﬂiirtisfairfax. of West Brighton?” 1' _
"—_“Yes. sir. I see no reason fordenying the
V ‘ .ou took tl'le'01§t10n out in your own name.”

 n ‘ » - . »

   
  
     
   
    
   
 
    
   
    

l-1

You paid so for the option. Very well; I am

on; ‘ ught it for at an advance of three points
nwhat you gave for it. I suppose you couldn’t
‘veins an answer now?” >

-The option is not for sale_ at present.”

, 1.fwill.raise my bid another point. I will give,
um check for $150,0()0—-covering; the $90,000
oisfya vanced as security, and‘$60',0OO proﬁt,” ‘

" ‘fshall have to decline your offer, Mr. Raynor.”

  
  

  

 
 

ﬁd-;t'omorrow' at the same hour let me-know.
S tandsggood for that time.”

  at three o’clock a messenger came
' ",d’ office and handed him an envelope. it
ed"a;not’e from Mr. Raynor asking if Sid

    
   

  
 

,, tion on H..&; Q, Sid returned the same
its he had ‘given, him personally the .day
’ » ‘H ,1; ,closed-*that,.,a:f_ternt_:gon" at

   
 
 

y the_o1d'lady, Sid paid over the money and took-

hed‘. he bade‘ ‘Mrs. Fairfax good-morning‘ and

,1 vbroker, coming‘ right to the point. . “Have you‘

 I to take the. option offthe hands of whoever‘

,” snapped the broker, gettin _up._“If »

vorable reply to send him with reference .

'60‘ 3-8, and the young broker-V was. encouraged, to V
his way. Four . ’
days passed and H. & 0. still hovered around 60.‘ ‘

believe that things were coming

Sid hung around the Exchange gallery, and he
noticed whenever H. & 0. made a slight spurt
upward that there were brokers ready at hand to
jump on it andkeep it down to the old ﬁgures.

He guessed that was\the workof the Raynor. . . I

clique, who wanted to prevent the price from go-

ing up while they were buying in the stock. When —- »

5+9  0  V :A GAME,VBOY , 21 ii

~“':"?~«

Sid returned from the Exchange on the afternoon V 

of the sixth day from the time he had purchased

‘ the option Edith handed him an envelope ad-s '
dressed to him which she said had been left by ‘
a messenger while he was out. It ran as follows: _

‘fMr. Fenton: I will call on you at your oﬁice
this afternoon at 4:30 on business of importance.
Will you kindlywait for me? Yours ‘truly,

“G. Blackington.”

He showed the note to Edith. and she said she

would keep him company until four o'clock, which .

she did. At half-past four exactly a knock came
at his door.
“Come in.” said Sid.

The door opened and seven men dressed in silk c ‘
hats and Prince Albert coats ﬁled ‘solemnly into ‘ V
The young broker was at no loss to 

the office.
identify them as the Raynor clique, though to’ his
amazement each “man's features were hidd _ by a
full black mask, similar to those worn a ‘mas-
querades. The men looked so nearly alike that
Sid could not tell which one was Raynor. Three

of the seven took their stand ‘on one side of his '-
desk; and three on the other, maintaining solemn 
The seventh man walked up close be-—

silence.

side Sid, and before the boy knew what was com-  [A L’

 

ing- the masked gentleman had pinioned his body I 

and his left arm to the chair—in which he sat.

“What does this mean?" demanded Sid in_ a 

burst of indignation. ‘

He had no chance to say anythingmore, for 1
the man quickly tied a silk.han,dl{erchief.around "I
his mouth, effectually gagging him. Sid could not ’
understand the meaning of this outrage on tho. ;’
He soon learned the object ,-
The man who had bound and’gaggejd .

him drew from an inside pocket :1 paper contain-9 -' '
» mg some writing. ' v_

part of his ‘visitors.
of it all.

‘ “Read!" said the man laconically
Sid read it.

spread it out on Sid’s writing-pad. ‘Then he took

from his pocket 9. packet of bills marked $150,-’ 
000 which he laid upon the desk in front of the 1

young broker, into whose right hand he forced
a penholder. ‘ ‘

“Sign-!"’~ exclaimed the masked leader menac;

ingly. pointing at theepaper.

‘Sign?’
sepulchral tones, making a similar movement to‘-_
ward the document.

Bound,’ save his right arm, and gagged, what I

could Sid Fenton do? V

,criA-Pres XiVl.'—-—Concliu'sio_n, _
Sid looked’ atthe six maskéd men.’ with the
outstretched arms’ and", pointed .ﬁ‘nger's,>»arid then

at ﬂies seventlf who bent abovehim, ith._om=. '_h

   

_ It was an order on Mrs. “Curtis: 
Fairfax to deliver to the bearergon presentation 
of a certiﬁed check for‘$810,000. the 15.000"sh'ares 
of H. & 0. stock. After Sid had readit the man‘ 

\ exclaimed the six disguised b'i'okefs’-/ink

 

  

 

    
   
 
      
       
   
       
      
  

 u

 ‘22

on his chair.
“and ﬁgured on frightening him into compliance

~ with the purpose they had in view. But they

didn't count on the fact that Sid was something
more than an ordinary lad—that he couldn't be
forced intovdoing something he was opposed to.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make
him drink is an old saying. Sid, as we have al-
ready shown, was a game boy. His pluck and
, gameness came to the surface when he was driven
into a corner. Throwing down the pen Sid
showed that he refused to sign. The masked men
made a threatening movement, and the boy could
see their eyes ﬂash behind the slits in their masks.
“Signl" hissed the leader, in a ﬁerce tone.
Sid raised his unconfined hand to his face and
tore the handkerchief away from his mouth. ~ -.
“I will not,” he said stoutly. “I know you.
You are the Raynor syndicate who are backing
H. & 0., and you think to freeze me out. You
can't do it. Pin going to hold on to the 15,000
shares in spite of you.". ,
:His words created something of a sensation.
, The seven men were clearly disconcerted.
* “I am not as easily intimidated as you thought,
‘ gentlemen," went on Sid. “It won’t pay you to
,, push this matter any further. Better let me in
= _ ‘with you on this deal to the extent of my 15,000
. ‘ shares,*and let it go at that, I give you my word
I that no one shall learn your plans from me. At-‘
v tempt to push. me to the wall and I will expose
. the facts to the corner you are "trying to secure

it ‘ in H. 8: 0., even though it cost me the $90,000 I

have invested in the stock.” -
“Where did on get" the money to buy it with?"
I “That,is re ly none_of your business; but I am
willing to be‘ frank with you. My partner, Miss
Holland, and myself have a capital of $100,000
_, between us.--. I may also say that she's worth a
" . quarter of a million besides, and every cent of it
will be used to protect this option. If I went to
Mr. Noble, my former employer, he would back
nieto the extent of his means after I told him
how the situation stands. So you see, gentlemen,
1 that on the whole I have nothing to fear from you
though you have seven million up, with more no

doubt behind." a

“How in thunder did you learn that we had
seven million up, that we are what you call the

Raynor syndicate. and that we are trying to cor— 

' “her H. 5: 0. .

i “I got on to the facts through a conversation I
1 " overheard between two of you named Windom and
 /Yardley.” - ‘V « ‘ .
‘i “When and under what circumstances did you
' overhear the conversation to which you refer?”

asked the leader sharply.

Sid detailed what the reader already knows,
‘ ‘ how he sought shelter between two of the pillars
. * .of.the portico of the Jupiter Building the after-
‘ ' noon when the shower of rain came‘up, and how
Vhe had overheard the two gentlemen, who ad‘
dressed each other as Windom and Yardley, who
stood between the second and third pillars, talk-
.1115! about the deal that was under way.

“I see,” replied the leader in a vexed tone._
 .“'I‘hat explains how you learned that Mrs. Fair-‘
fax had the stock, and you stole a march on us.
-f Gentlemen,“ he addeckturning to the'oth_er six, “I
' think we had better ‘take this young man in with
his conditionally.” -

’. "ﬁC4;inditionally?" echoed the pthers.
.».,  ‘z . '/‘V )"i,7'y ‘I I ',

 
  
    
  
     

A GAME BOY A

Apparently they meant business,‘

‘elegant home erected by Sid in .the Bronx, arid

"RICH."

 

“Yes. Remove your masks,»gentlemen; there is
no longer need for them." : . ’

As he spoke he released Sid from the rope. All _ ,
hands then unmasked. and the leader stood forth I 3
as Raynor, as Sid suspected, .  ,. » 

“Fenton, since we are obliged to come to terms I ‘ 5,
with you, it must be on the following conditionf {
You will turn your option over to me so that we». '
can control the shares. This is necessary in order‘.
that they mayfnot be used against us when the
price rises. In return I will pledge my word that
you shall participate in the proﬁts to the extent’ “,
of 15,000 shares on the same footing as the rest ’
of us. You will thus have the gain without the
risk and worry of following the deal up. Is it
satisfactory to you?" . " ;

“It is, Mr. Raynor. I believe your word  "L"
 asnyour baond. and I will not ask you for a ' '
receip . ; .

“Now the option, please," said Raynor. » .

Sid went to his safe, unlocked it and handed the .
option to the broker. j. '

“Gentlemen,-you are witness to this agreement’-
whichwe are pledged to carry out,” said Raynor?

The six men bowed in, an affirmative. . i 

- “Fenton. I am bound to say that you're a cle_ve‘_r :
young fellow,_and that you have good nerve," said,
59-V1101‘. h01d1_m£ out his hand, whic Sid took..-

You will make a good thing out 0 this. Your
will, of course. be as silent as a clam, as a Whig-
per as to our intentions would ruin everything?’

“You can depend on me, Mr. Raynor; We are 0
partners so far as this deal is concerned.’ I tiiay"
say that I am glad that I do not have to tight‘
you for my rights." ‘ H  "

The seven brokers comprising the Raynor ,
clique walked out of the ofiice, and a few minutes
afterward Sid. with a contented look on his face.‘
went home. He_said nothing to Edith’ about his. -
strenuous interview with theclique, and merely“
told her that the deal was p essing favorably.
The Raynor crowd having no onger‘ any -reason I
for keeping H. 8: 0. down, the price at once a‘,d.. A
vanced till it reached 70. Then H.’& 0. attracted»
attention and outsiders began looking for ' thal
stock. As the syndicate had it cornered there ‘.1’ 4
little to be had. and :the boom set in at once.’
Ultimately the Raynor crowd unloaded at .90.‘
making a million and a half apiece, .while Fentoti
& Holland cleared $450,000 for their share;  

That gave the ﬁrm a working capital of e’
half a million for future operations. When 
told her aunt that she had promised to 
Sid's wife when he reached histwenty-ﬁrst birtli
day the aunt offered no objections to theuhatch‘
Sh_e regarded the young broker as in every way 3
suitable husband for her niece.

, '3‘

"1

  
   
 
 
 
  
 
    
  
   
    
    
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
  

 

their h6'neyinoon trip they took possession ofan
Edith had no objection to her husband’s auny.
coming there to live, as Sid wanted her-,to,~sh‘are = .
his prosperity while she lived. Sid‘ still. operates . 1
under the ﬁrm name of Fenton & H011 ’ , ,. 
regularly “turns over to his wife a ‘half gate:
the proﬁts of the business, which is verylarfgag
1 ‘ / _ _.  I -A,
. Next week's’ issue willitscontain “A WVAI/,3,’
LEGACTY; OR. HOW IT MADE‘ A POOR 30?

     
  
 

  

WILL, THE WAGON BOY “

or, The Diamonds that Came by‘ Express

.2.

By GASTON GARNE

W (A Serial Story.)

CHAl’TER"VII.--(Continued)

< “How can you know all this?” demanded the
’  opera. singer. “It is impossible unless he told you.”
' “Madam, hehas told me nothing. I can read
» V your mind like an open book.” ..
“Let me go,” breathed the woman. “Let me go.”
"Not ‘yet 2” -
“I. he de d? '
~“H§e is no‘ dead. Understand, heiwould never
. have given up the diamonds to you if he had got
’ ' them. He would have murdered you first.’ He is
_ not a member of the Bog-ano family. He is a rene-
gade officer in the British armﬁi, féiggrlri which he
was dismissed for covi-‘ardice. e _ re uge in
_ , Bulgaria, and served on the Prince’s private staff.
.Hence he learned his secrets, and when he found
A the diamonds were to be sent to you in accord~
ance with the promise made to you by the Prince,
he preceded them to this country, and conceived a
$3“ ‘3f‘“’§..f.‘;°.'.‘}‘a.“ "‘*‘“ "’“%“.f§§le‘ia.§”i?.““i‘I;'
. are n emanis a ;
isvyour bitter enemy. I am your friend.”
~ >"‘You——you know so much——‘where are the dia-'
.monds?’;‘ faltereci Mattilamg ﬁandusky, never re-
moving er eyes rom . er oc or.
‘ “Come!” cried Pajaro. “Come with me if yo
want to see the diamonds. Come now!” 4
' Hesbacked toward the door. To his great re-
lief. he found that the woman should follow him.

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 

keep»fr‘om doing the same himself. They passed
out of the room and Will heard them ascend the
stairs. Now his wits began to return. I-lorriﬁecl
'at_‘what, he had done. he was almost inclined to
take the opportunity to escape from the house,

the man he believed he had killed.
'_ But‘ where could he go? If there was indeed a
ﬁre-wai'd offered for his capture, what chance had
he to escape‘ arrest. Then, could he desert this
m_an»who hadbeen so kind to him—to whom he
owed his life?” ‘ p
, -“No! It was not to be. No matter what trouble
mi’ ht come of his hasty action Will felt that he
coiﬁd do no less thanstand by Dr. Pajaro to the
end. i ' ,
«Age advanced toward the giant. To his. great
"e1ief"‘he found that the man was breathing. At
-thatiumoment there came a violent ring at the
door-bell, several times repeated.’ He heard Rum-
~be3'o,ca;ll upstairs in Hindustanee. The doctor an-
,‘ and came bounding down. Will heard the
door open and a gruff ,voice demand: H
~‘ ;_“Say, what's the‘ matter here? Was you calling
1201- the police? What's wrong?” W _
~".Ah, thank you,” replied the doctor; it IS noth-
. ‘ erely one of my patients, a young man who
quite insane. He is quiet now. It is nothing,
air-'.,.' Nothing-at all." " r ' ‘~

Wilhpeercd through tliefcr_ack.of the door, 

   
  

 

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Heexpected her to do it. He had hard work to.

V’-.for‘»Rumbejo had vanished, and he was alone with ~

back‘ to life. .1 left him‘ swearing like a‘ pirate.’ 

 

saw a burly officer standing in the hall. He say?
too, that the doctor had those wonderful eyes cg
his ﬁxed upon the man. Could he’ control thing

polic-eman’s mind as he had‘ controlled Madamli
, Sandusk_v’s? He could and did. '

“I thought it must be some mistake,” said tho,
policeman. _
house before.”

“There was never no trouble in dili '



“Never,” replied the doctor, “and never will b9oi W ‘

But you have had the trouble of coming here, oili-
cer; take this for it—it is between ourselves.”

Will saw the bill pass into the policeman’l;‘:

hands. There was more talk, and the oilicerwvith-:
drew. The doctor now returned to the room and,_
walked straight up to our hero.

“Will, Will! You have saved my life!” he criedg,
“I shall never forget!” I

Then he threw his arm around Will’s neck and-
kissed him, adding: ‘

“So long as I live you are my friend!”

Will pulled away with a shudder. For the ﬁrst. I

time a feeling of horrible fear of this strange man
came over him. He felt as if he had been kissed‘
by a snake.

“Now,” said the doctor,
dead.”

“Where is Madame Sandusky?” demanded Will.

“we shall see if he is

“A prisoner upstairs, where she must remain,

for the present. It is for your sake, Will.” i
“Let her go,” said Will. “I want. nothing to do
with her.” 

“Let her go to return ‘with the police?‘ Don't be i

a fool!” cried the doctor. “If I let her go your

fate is sealed. It is easier to get into the Tombs" ,  9‘

than to get out again. They may not be able to
prove the murder against you, but ye is may pa 5
before you are tried and acquitted. our laws a M

so strange. Many innocent are condemned, many -

guilty escape. Will, you stick to me. Would you‘
like to go to India with me as my friend?” '
\ 'A moment before Will would have jumped at
the chance, but now» his feeli
cduld not forget that snaky
head. Bending‘ over the giant, the doctor listened’

at his heart and made a hasty examination of his‘ 

bleeding’ head.

“It is all right!” he exclaimed, ‘rising. “His.
skull is not even fractured. There is nothing seri- ,»

ous here.” '

He clapped his hands, calling out in Hindu-iw»
There were others in the house besides ‘
In a mo-' 
ment two young Hindus wearing the native dress ‘

stanee.
Rumbejo and the old cook, it seemed.

appeared, not a little to Will's surprise, for he
had never seen them before.»

“Take that man down to the bath,’_’ said the 
d/octor. “Strip off his clothes, lay him in the hot, —
room‘. In a‘ few minutes I will name down a.nd*at- _‘

tend to him! .

Big as Captain Began war, the two Hindus,

ought to have handled hire. It was all they could

do to lift‘ him, however, and the doctor himself‘ ’‘
lent a hand, Will assisti 1.1%. They took him, .
first to’ the. cooling room,-yvhue the Hindus,pr'o-“j

ceeded to remove his clothes. ,
Then he was carried into the hot room andjlaidi‘

iipon a’ couch. ,Will did not follow. The 
vI!ctu1‘7!ii.l1';¢~

ordered him to remain where he was.
in a few moments. he said:‘ _ , , _,
“Come. ‘viii! It ls“ all right ‘now. IIe«l3<i3-jggmg

 

s had changed. Ho‘ ~ 
iss, and ‘shook his a

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  

 

 

 
 
 

 
 

  24’
wants his clothes. He was going to clean out the
whole establishment, but I give him a dose which
will keep him quiet for one while. Now for the

"diamonds, boy! The time has come for me to
abandon the sanitarium business forever, and I-

A shall retire gracefully this very night?”

’‘‘Have you got the diamonds, doctor?" asked
.Will, turning upon him suddenly.
I The doctor laughed. _ . ‘
"No, no!” he replied. “I have got them to get!
I have been waiting until such time as you were
‘ready to help me. Well, perhaps I might have
waited a day or two longer, but under the circum-
_ stances Ithink I may say the time has come.”

CHAPTER VIII;

Will Turns Hindu, and Runs Away with

V Dr. Pajaro. ‘ .
' ' Williwas growing more and more afraid of Dr.
‘Pajaro, but, just the same, he had determined‘ to
stick .to him. for his fear of arrest and the Tombs.
not to "say the electric chair, was greater still. The
doctor now told him to return to his room up-

’ I stairs, and he would join him in a few minutes.

_ “Youhad better take off your clothes," he add-
ed. “We want to get down to business quick, or
some one else will be pulling our bell and making

" 8. row.

V‘ w: What did this mean?’ What strange plans had

. the doctor in his head now? Still Will obeyed him.
He had become so accustomed to doing so during
the week which had passed that he would scarcely
have dared to refuse. It was only a few moments
~ before Dr. Pajaro entered the room and locked the
. /door behindxhim. . ,
. “Now then. Will,” he said, “listen to me atten-
* tively. The diamonds which you carried in your
wagon to the murdered lapidary were of far
“greater value than you are aware. I While they
were onlv invoiced at some two hundred thousand

.‘ dollars, if they are what I believe them to have

been, they are worth nearly double that sum. You
-want to know how that could be, of course, and I
will explain. Amongthem were severalof great
size,‘which were merely imitations. These were
, skilfully made, and had been washed with a prep-
. aration which made them look like genuine stones.
',All this was frankly stated in the invoice, and so
~ declared at the Custom House. These diamonds
‘ ~ were in a small package by themselves, and were
_ labeled imitations; as ‘such, ofpcourse, there was
no duty upon them. This, however, was done‘
merely as a blind. Among these supposed imita-
 »tions'was one stone of immense size,.which has
» been known in India forfcwo thousand years, be-
 ,ing~ originally the eye of an idol hidden deep in a
‘ "rock temple located far up in the«mountams in
 the kingdomiof Ghorgee, of which my fath was
,, F-ajah, and of which, if I chose to assert my
« claims I could be prajah today. This diamond is
i own as the ‘Great Ghorgee’ to experts all over
» ,1-ope. It was stolen from the temple by 9.
~ nth oﬁicerfn my grandfather's time. Once it
_ thelcrown jewels of the Emperor
, apoleon III, but when those were sold some
ago the Great Ghorgee went: to an unknown
ﬁaser, and its ownership has been a secret

L‘ I

~ I

     
    
  
  
 

:,O

   

. pleased. “Now to business. First of all we have

.think of the‘matter.

, the doctor spent half; aft hour rubbing..Will;fr ”

FAME\AND FORTUNE WEEKLY I

ever since: I _know‘that it was ‘bought/for theid
P1_*1n_ce Pojemkin. and that it forms a part of the
missing diamonds which you carried inyour wag— 

‘on that night. It was enclosed in the package;

along with the imitation stones in order to avoid: 
the duty, which would, of -course, have been enor-—» ' .
mous. Madame Sandusky knows this," and there is I‘
no doubt that Captain Bogan—.-our bogus pz-ince'.;’
knows it, too. Probably it is known to others, and ' \
here you have the motive for the murder and the ’ ’ I
theft of the diamonds.” ‘ » 
To all of this Will listened with wide—open eyes.’ ~ 7. 7
“Then the _ big diamond. belongs to you?" he 1 - it
asked. - . V 
“It is certainly mine by right,” replied the ,doc—  

 

. tor. “If I can possess myself of it and on returns ,, ‘-

mg to India, as is my present intention, replace‘ ~ 7 7
it in the eye of the idol. I shall be worshipped al- .
most as a god by a quarter of a million people} i "T
The British.government have long wanted me to i . 
assert my rights and assume the throne of Ghor-

gee, but I have preferred to be free and indepena , ;
dent, and stick ‘to. my profession until now.” - I. " ’

“And now you intend to do it?” asked Will. ‘ ~ ,, p

“I do. I have made up my mind to start for” _
Bombay as soonas I can recover the diamond.  ’ 
for the rest of the stolen stones, I shall«"return 1
them to Allen's Express; and as for you ”  

And then the wagon boy felt that strange hyp- _ ' 
notic inﬂuence which without his knowledge hail , - c

 

been secretly inﬂuencing him right along.

, “And as for me?” he repeated. I — " ;
“If you want to go with me you shall be, oné7“o:£,"

my court. _ I will make you rich. I _w_ill;place you{'

in a position of power. I will introduceyou  '

  
    
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
   
    
  
   
   
 
  

such a ‘life as you could hardly imagine in your
wildest dreams. *‘Will you go, not as my servant, _L
but as my friend and brother? Answer now,’ once‘-
aiid for all, for whatever you say will be iina1,‘,'
and the proposition will never be put up togyauf
again.” , - I - T '
“Yes,” replied Will, "I will go,” and if,it._had
been to save himself from hanging he could not I
have said ‘anything else. ‘ « “ff
“Good!” cried the doctor, looking immensely 

to get the diamonds if .I am to return to my here-
ditary kingdom with the Great Gho.rgee.,”;  i ‘E
“Do you know where they ar'e?":d’emanded W ill.
“No more than you do, but I know a .wayV'o£ _
ﬁnding out.”’ V » . 1
¢rH0w?9! V ‘ 
f‘Ah, my boy, that’s my secret. But I’ll tell you —
this much: you alone can help me, and that is why
I have taken you in hand. ‘ > / ~ ;
“Though it is not altogether thatl” he l1ast'ened;«—
to add, “for I have taken a great fancy to you;
Will.” V . T _  V  , ;
Will made no reply. Already he was beginning
to regret his hasty decision, and the regrets reams‘
the moment the doctor's eyes were removed from
him. Dr. Pajaro, however, gave him~no  ‘

“First thing is to make you look like a Hindu,'.*
he said. “Pull oi? the balance of your togs” am;
lie down on the bed. and I’ll ﬁn; that." ; * -  ’ '

Will had stripped to his underclothesl, (and,
now removed those and‘ threw himself on the bedzg
Producing from his pocket 9. small porcellainuji

' 5

 

     
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
  

head‘ to foot with some sort of sweet—sm'e1ling
' ointment which it contained.
He first smeared it all over the boy’s body and
then rubbed it in with his’hands until every’ ves-
tige of it had disappeared. All this was mysteri-
(ms enough, but the why of it Will ‘was to learn
later on. ; -
“‘Now jump up and look at yourself in the
glass,” said the doctor. _ V
, ‘Will did so.‘ His whole body had turned a deep
brown color. His face and hands looked. much
like the doctor’s, but there was his sh-aven head
covered with stubby, light hair. . /
“Dress yourself and I'll fix that,’’ said the’ doc-

plans,'you are one of those very rare persons who
‘is ort dark eyes with light hair. A wig will do
-7 e rest, and here are your new clothes, which
came -in from the tailor’s last night after you had
gone to sleep.” .

The doctor opened a closet and produced such a
wardrobe as Will had._,never owned or hoped to
own. When he was dressed and the doctor had ﬁt-
"ted on" a wig, of long, straight, black hair, Will
vlooked. atthe ‘glass again. It was certainly won-
derful. _ As he stoodithei-e with Dr. Pajai'o’s im-
.a' e reﬂected beside his own, it seemed to Will as
they might easilybe mistaken for brothers by
ny one ‘who was not too critical. .

, “Come,” said the doctor. .“We will go now. I
‘think-you can stand it. If not, why, I’ll take care
of you-—n‘ever fear.” -
 Q0 where? How,could Will tell? A stylish
ooupe stood at the door, ‘and they entered it and
were driven away. _
“There!” exclaimed the doctor, once they had
started. “That’s the end of the old sanitarium.
’I.s'ha.ll never return. Captain Borgan is all right,
vand”'Ii'rs't thing tomorrow Rumbejo will let him
and Madame Sandusky out. It is a case of two
crooks trying ‘to rob each other. Let them make
the’ most of it. They will never dare to move
“against me, and tiny lawyers can close out in be-
Jongings at auction‘-and send me the price. ean-
while, Will, you and I quietly disappear.”

CHAPTER IX.
Dodging the Detectives.‘

,-'"»H/a§(i,l’l-2,‘ said his last adieu to the sanitarium,’
‘Dr. ‘P‘a.ja‘ro.b‘egan‘_ to talk about other matters, or
rather to start-Will talking about himself and his
arly life. Will rattled away; he was beginning

»a'lIy”'this move toward freedom. ,His fears vanish-
ed.‘ Once more he found himself turning toward
‘r .Pajaro‘as a friend.

t the same‘ time Will was no’_c‘10.siiig sight of

 reached Broadway they went straight down-
", _n. At last they were below _Fulton street,’an_d
' 1' egan to wonder where this strange journey

, . Here the doctor
' missed. the cab and purchased two tickets for
‘la,de‘lphia,' going immediately on [board the
‘ o_at.~_,_ , ﬂ ‘ .' J.

 

"  FAME AND VFORTUNE WEEKLY

tor‘, reading his thoughts. “Fortunately for my .

‘enjoy thenmystery of the situation, and especi- ‘

e directionin which they were ‘going, although .
" ardly needed much watching, for as soon‘ as "

 

_“Are we going to Philadelphia to—night?” _he..
then ventured to ask. = - V '_
“No, Will. We are not going to Elizabeth.”
“Why Elizabeth?” Q
. “Come, you have braced up a lot to get a ques-
tioning fit on you. I’ll answer this time, but no
more, please, until we are all trough with this
business. You must not forget the reward offered
for your capture. The detectives have searched?
for you everywhere. One of the first things they
did was to Search every hospital and sanitarium
near New York. mine with the rest.” ‘

“Whi1eIwas there?” - » . ’  .

“Sure. I had a deuce of a job to hide you, but '
I did it all_ the same.” , .

“And now you are trying to throw them
track?” ‘ ,

“That’s it; partly that and partly to ascertain ,
if we are being followed. That's why I bought ‘ ’  1
the Philadelphia tickets. Of course, there is no T
denying that we are ‘two rather peculiar looking
ducks, as people go in this part of the world. Of
course, -we are attracting more or less attention
even at the piesent ‘moment, as you can tell by
glancing at the faces opposite. If there is a de-
tective among them it is going to mean trouble,
and in that case I might even ,go on to Philadel-
phia to set them guessing——don’t you see?” .

Whengthe train reached Elizabeth, and Will'~
and the doctor stepped off the smoker, a number
of people left the train also. ‘ '4

A Jersey avenue car was in waiting, and the
doctor promptly boarded it, others doing the
same. » ' '

“We are being followed, all right,” he whis-7
pered to Will. i‘
I ‘-‘Who by?” i . v ‘ . ..
_ -“See thattall man with theslouch hat stand-p
mg on the -rear platform?”

"Yes. He was on‘ the ferryboat.”

“Yes. and in the snicker.” I

‘:But how could he suspect? I am so changed.” 1'

‘ It may be me whom“ hesuspects. How can we _
tell what steps Captain Began may have taken?'. — *
He brought you to my house. Others know it.
There was the driver of the cab in which you .
came, and a man sat inside when you were.“
brought in. We simply can’t be too careful. All
the same I expect to be able to give this fellow
the slip.” ,

“Are you acquainted here?” - ‘ _,,_.

“I boarded here when I first came to America » 3;
for _a few weeks with a young fellow whose ac- ' ’
quaintance I made on the steamer._ I know some-; -
thing ‘of the place.’ Be~i~eady to jump off as soon
as I make a nioye. We will go out the front way.” ’ .2

But Doctor Pajaro made no 'move untilgthey‘  ",
“were almost down to the “Port,” when he sud- I ” »
denly sprang up and left the car, closely followed
by Will. .. ~ ».  ‘ ' D

’ It was .a lonelyspot, a
and straggling houses... _ V ,  « V .,

Quick as lightning the doctor turned the corner.‘ i - i.
by: a saloon, and started up the street onthe run, '. ’

‘Someone coming!” breathed “"11 hearihg.
footsteps behind ‘th . V 'v ‘ 

31 12110:’ gcdz Follow,me,!”‘\ . I

us» a ea of their left stood,» - '
ﬁnished frame houses‘. " a 1)“? of ‘bait’

off our

J!

 

 

llﬂgion of vacant  If

  
   
     

(Ta"be contz'n.uc<\li ». V: 

   

  

 

_dd.6_

V g V d ‘FAME AND FORTUNE Wsaxir
 T I Fame and Fortune Weekly I

NEW YORK. JUNE 11. 1926

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

liingle Copies . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . .Postage Free 8 cents
One Copy .l'hree Months . . . . . .. “ " 1.00 ,
‘One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . .. " " 2.00

One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . . .. " ' " 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00.
HOW TO SEND MONEY_—At our risk send _1'. 0.
yllloney ()1-d(-.r, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
Buimps the same as cash. When sending silver wrap
the Coin in a separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
-' the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.
~ Address letters to .
HARRY E. WOLFF.
Publisher, Inc.,

PIGS W. 23d Stu N. Y.

r i 0
ITEMS OF INTEREST

_l WORDS WITH VOWELS IN THEIR ORDER
L. N. Feifel kindly informs us_ that the word
 l“a’rsenious” is the third word in the ‘English
language that has the ﬁve vowels in their order.
i As wesaid last Sunday the othertwo are “face-
itious” and “abstemious.” ’

Barry I. Wolﬂ, Pros.
Charla:-I. Nylandor. In
L. F. Wiluln. Tread.

WIG ELEPHANTS PLANT TREES AT_THE
' SESQUI-CENTENNIAL

 - ” Queenie, aged 62 years, and Babe aged 48, two

, ihuge elephants of the Ringling Brothers and Bar-
num & Bailey circus, quit the “big top" during
' their stay in Philadelphia to devote a ew hours
toward aiding in planting some ﬁfty~foot trees at
' the Sesqui-Centennal International Exposition
which will be held in Philadelphia from June 1 to
-December 1. < , _
The elephants picked the big trees up and
placed them in holes that had been prepared. by
. "workmen. Ordinarily the tree-planting requires
  the placing of much tackle and. the combined eﬁort
of many men. ' -_
The trees were planted around the “Save the
.~vSurface" Home whichis being erected at the Ex-
position by the paint and varnish manufacturers
of the United States. States.

, HASNEW CANCER THEORY
. I I That the growth of cancer is fostered by oxygen
“‘ _ sis the belief advanced by Professor Otto Warburg,
 head of the Kaiser Wilhelm Biological Institutein
' Ber in. I
 A, sensation has been created among scientists
by an article written by Professor Wai-burg, in
.. r lsich he describes how rats withered’ and died
‘, "within forty—eight hours when the oxygen inside
‘ . the glass cage conﬁning the "rodents, was reduced
‘ "o the minimum atmospheric ratio capable of sus-
 aining life. .
.' During the treatment, he says, the rats refused
Fiood, but immediately regained their normal’ vi-

     
  
  

tality when‘ the oxygen’ supply was increased.
.5 Professor Warburg says he is not yet ready to

7 I have that this treatment is applicable to human .

eings, but otherscientists regard his experiments’
"3 an‘ advancement toward the cure of cancer.
. / . ‘ v. ’ / .

  

 

W

  

FIFTY-SEVEN YEAR OLD RUNNER
ENTERS SESQUI MARATHON
Alvin 0. Stem-os. 40-year-old Olympic mara-_
thon champion of Finland, will not be the oldest 
contestant in the Sesqui-Centennial’ Shrine Mara- . "
thon Run to be held in June from Valley ,Forge’tb
Philadelphia as one of the opening week features
of the Exposition, which opens in Philadelphia
June 1 and continues for six months. V ~'
From Mays Landing, N. J .,‘will come A. Monte- V
Verde, who admits‘ he is 57 years‘ old and still go- ~— ’
ing strong in distance running. Monteverde be-g
gan running back in 1880 and took up marathon _ ,
racingaround 1890. The race from the historic’ *"‘
Washington Inn in Valley Forge to the New Me: , »_
nicipal Stadium in Philadelphia will be Monte-' 
verde’s 67th race. ‘ ’ V
Monteverde is ,a book-binder and his job gives
him an opportunity to run ﬁve or six miles every ;
day. This he increases to ten and eleven over the.’ __j"
week-ends. He keeps in condition the year around,
running in all sorts of weather/. In the Detroit
marathon a month ago, held in a rain and hail
storm. Monteverde defeated a group of young men _
to a ﬁnish ten. , ‘ V 1
The marathon is attracting many out-of-town_
stars. Baltimore has decided to send the ﬁrsti
seven men to the exhibition while the Ontario
branch of the A. A. U‘. will pay the expenses}-o ‘
two men to enter the races 9. so. , s 

  
 

  

 

_ LAUGHS

Petticoats are showing these days-showing
that they are absent. ' - _ . - 

Raising chickens paysl Running with “chic.
ens” you have to pay. ' I

An ankle watch‘ would seem to be unnecessary‘
when clocked stockings are worn. . .  

The avefage man would draw the clothes‘ liiiei’,
but his _wife_won’t let him. . - : '  "

“Well, here are two supporters I can ‘alwa
rely on,” said the candidate for office ashe faste t"
ed up his socks. . _, c . 

Well, if the world is flat as Voliva says, why
don't they quit looking for the
they ‘can’t ﬁnd some corners?

»»

poles and see‘ -31%

One man answers the question: “Shoiild wives”

be paid wages?” in the hearty affirmative.’ 
. says if his wife doesn’t get wages he may have
go to work himself. 

“I saw you just now at the information bad
“I wanted toldﬁnd‘ out something.” ,“You can't‘ , 35;:
out anything at the information both.” “That”

what I found out.”

Mrs.“Harris (whb has been romised a I  .-
man to repair the do'orbell)——-W Y didn.’t'yo1l}’se4§ﬁ .
your man to repair my electric doorbell as.p1_‘omz-c
ised? Shopman ((politely)—e»I-Ie did go, ma j
but as he rang three times and got novanswe
conclufdedp there was nobody at ,h_oine.  i

  

   
   
   
    
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
 

,  =.AFTER MANY "YEARS.

. Q “Peyton Fordyce, of Fordyce Manor, wasat one
' time a friend of mine,” remarked a Scotland Yard
_. detective, who had joined- our party around a

table,in the “Chelsea Gardens,” one hot evening,
when a half-dozen of the force were gathered
there. , I . ‘ "
‘. ‘f‘Do you mean Peyton Fordyce, the notorious?”
 I asked. ~— _
-“I mean the very Peyton Fordyce whose history
has at last been made public. Ten years ago or
thereabouts-— we won’t be precise as to dates-
Fordyce Manor was the home of Reginald For-
_ adyce, an old ‘bach’ of sixty, who had adopgyed thei
,_ ‘son of his deceased sister; Emma. Mortlan . The

boy was a handsome young fellow of twenty then,
i and just as smart and attractive a young gentle-
man as you’d wish to see. .
“Before Peyton ‘Fordyce arrived at Ifordyce
Manor it had come to the knowledge of his uncle
Reginald that Dick Mortland had_formed an at-
’ tachment for the daughter of_ his gamekeeper,
Mina Thursby by name.

.‘«LNo'»v, of course, as you may suppose old Regi-
nald,.who was as proud as Lucifer and hoasted of
his ‘blood ’,was by no means pleased with this.
-"Like the foolish old fellow in the play,‘ he ranted
and raved and swore that there should be no
niesalliance in young Dick’s case, andhe informed
that young gentleman in the most’ positive terms
that he must drop Miss Thursby instantly or he
should never inherit a pound from him. Previous
to his making the discovery of young Dick’s love
aﬂair, be it/known, he had expressed his intention
to “divide his‘, fortune equally between Peyton
Fordyce and his sister’s son. »

. _‘‘The evening following that _upon which he
made known his ultimatum to Dick ‘and peremp-
torily forbade his meetin the fair Mina again the
wig man was alone wiyh his uncle in the latter’s
study at a very late hour, and the servants, as
they chanced to pass the _door from time to time,
.. heard old Reginald and Dick Mortland conversing
in loudand seemingly angry tones. Suddenly
there was the sound of a pistol shot and when, a
moment after. the servants rdshed into the
room from whence the sound proceeded——it came
from the library,_ you understand-——they saw.Reg-
inald Fordyce lying dead and old‘Tom Thursby,
the gamekeeper, lying upon the floor with a’ bullet
;'m‘ﬂiswh'ead. while the window was open, and so
was the safe in which Reginald, kept hismoney.
“}The servants raised ‘the. Old gamekeeper up,
'am-1,he"gi-oaned out these words: ~

.«““"The window was open. I came in to see the
master, when Dick Mvortland—0h, my head is on
ﬁr9;’ ' ' . 7 . n
I I “The gamekeeper fainted before he could .11ttel'
another word, and when he returned to conscious,-
néess he‘ was stark mad. I may as Well say right“
here, ..while I am speaking of him, that he re-
covered his bodily health to a degree but his

 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 

‘#311133 in London for treatment.

I'M '“ut"che house were searched, and in a=dark pool,»

I‘  Ann FolRTUNE’_,wEEKi.Y I

r showin

you all know them, and that they are keen ones--_ . 

 was shattered and he was sent to an insane :

gyider. Peyton Fordyce’s lead‘ the ,grounds/ -A diligent ;Sea1’Ch‘W3S made .for him. but h_e?‘wan

at a considerable distance, the following day the
body of Reginald Fordyce was found.

“Every one believed Dick Mortland had robbed 
and murdered his uncle, else why did he run away,‘ -
for he had abscounded; and, although’ the count ‘
around was searched, no trace of him was foun
until next day, when he was discovered lying be-
sidea hedge near a gypsy encampment four miles,
from the Grange. v

“Mortland was arrested. and when he became
sober he stated that he had drank a glass of wine
early in the morning with Peyton Fordyce before
the later left the Manor House, as he did shortly
afterward, and that he had, after taking the wine,
experienced strange and to him unaccountable
sensations from the moment be swallowed it
until, when, in heated argument with his uncle in
the library, he became insensjble just as the game-
keeper entered the library through the window.

‘“This was the young man's defense, but-it had
no Weight with judge or jury and when he was
convicted of his uncle’s murder the only evidence
that a doubt of his guilt had entered the
mind 0 the judge was in the fact that, instead of
condemning him todeath he was sentenced to
Van Dieman’s Land for life. _

“After Reginald Fordyce?s murder his will was
read and it was found that the deceased ha] ‘
divided his fortune equally between his two
nephews, and, as Dick was dead in law, Peyton
Fordyce inherited all. ' _

“Three months after Dick ‘was transported a ‘
young and beautiful girl, with the country bloom
upon her cheeks, visited my London oﬁice. She
introduced herself ‘in these words:

" ‘I am Mina Thursby, and I have come to con- V *‘
sult you in the secret upon the case of Dick
Mortland. \

“ ‘I was engaged to Richard Mortland before
Peyton. Fordyce came to live at the manor, al-
though we kept the matter a secret, well knowing
that the knowledge of it would enrage Richard's"
uncle. From the first time I met Peyton Fordyce
I disliked him for I could see that there was an
evil spirit ‘under his pleasing manner but he fan-
cied me and-asked me to become his wife." I re-
fused him, of course, and foolishly, as I know now;

I confessed to him that I was engaged to Richard.

I am sure also that my rejection of him and the ﬁg
knowledge that I had accepted Richard made Pey- -~;
ton the. enemy of Richard. The night before the; 1 "
murder I saw Peyton Fordyce in earnest ponver-‘p 1 
sation with two of the gypsies who were encarn- _
ped near the Manor; and I saw him give them’
money.’ ' . _

“Then she went on to tell me that her demented “
father was conﬁned in a private asylum for the in-,
sane; that Peyton Fordyce had recommended the
institution and paid for the uJifortunate’s treat-* '

.»a

. ment there; that she had visited him, and that

he seemed to have every careand kindly treat-,‘ 7’ 

. ment. .

“I put two of my men, Paxton and Green’—--‘

  
 
  
 

on the trail of the gypsies, and I made it a point
to visit the asylum in which Mr. Tliursby-Wat‘
conﬁned. What was my surprise when I reached
that institution to hear that Tl'iur_sby.had escaped; .

not found. 3 -5

.5‘

 

   

 

‘ -“For once also my-men failed to ﬁnd the parties
they were after, and it came out at a future time
that the gypsy band who had camperd near For-
dyce Manor at the time of Reginald Fordyce’s
’ ‘murder had gone to, the United States.

“One night, nearly ten years, after the (late of
I the murder, and when the affair had passed from
my mind, almost, a stalwart, bearded man entered
my office.
“You are Mr. , the detective?’ he said.
“ ‘I am, sir,’ I replied.
“ ‘My name is Richard Mortland,’ he said.
“I started to my.feet.”
* “‘.“‘I am an escaped convict just from Van Dei-
' nian’s Land, but I have become a detective-—a con-
vict detective. Ha, ha, ha!’ he said,‘ with an un-
mirthful laugh.
“‘I have a strange story to tell you, sir, and I
have come to you because Mina Thursby tells me p
 you have been her true friend all these years of
I . our cruel separation. _ ‘

“Six months ago I escaped from the penal set-
tlement, on Sarah Island, in Gordon River,’ Van
Dieman’s Land, by smuggling myself as a stow-
away on board an English supply steamer, which

‘ wasbound for’ Sidney, the capital of Australia. ‘

“ ‘I made the voyage and safely landed in Sid-

ney undetected. Upon the streets of Sydney I met

" a demented man in the tattered garb of a sailor,

and in him I recognized Mina’s father, Mr. Thurs-
by, the former gamekeeper of Fordyce Manor.

, “He ‘did not know me, but I befriended him and
"one day while we were at work on a scaffold he
fell and struck upon his head, fracturing the ex— _
terior blades of the skull. _ In performing _an
operation‘ which was necessary to save_ his life
the surgeon found a pistol bullet pressing down
 a piece ‘of the interior of the skull bone upon the
—. .’ brain, and he removed it, thus taking the pressure
 from his brain, which had been constant while the
pistol ball remained_ in his skull.
~ ' , ~- “ ‘When Thursby recovered his reason was fully
 restored. - ' » ' ,
'- , "Of all that occurred before he had received
 the shot which deprived him of his reason his
3 ‘ memory was clear. He knows who killed my
‘uncle, Reginald Fordyce, and he will make oath to
the following statement: ‘ .
“ ‘A moment after he entered ‘the lll)1‘a1'.V I fell
senseless. At the same moment a man clad in
V ypsy garb, followed by Peyton Fordyce, came
:, :- t rough the window. They seemed surprised to
 ﬁndhim there. The gypsy, leaped at T_hursby,
 while Peyton Fordyce plunged his knife into his
= ‘ uncle’s 1ieart.- , . '
,“ ‘The gypsy c1utched.Thursby by the. throat,
. thus preventing his making any outcry, and while
’ they struggled, and taking the key from his uncle,
Peyton riﬂed the safe. By this time Thursby was
ggettingthe advantage of the gypsy, and Peyton
. came close to him and discharged the. shot which
wounded him in the head. Thinking Thursby dead,
., -the moment he fell, Peyton, who was a herculean
I n, as was also” his gypsy comrade jumped
‘T; q tough the window and ran away. ’
F “ ,‘This Thursby saw before hecame unconscious", v
; “After that sweconsulted for sometime, and

 

   
    
   
  
  
   

‘SAME. AND» FORTUNE iVVEiE‘lIf{iLY4 S. T

' , “You all know the rest, boys. ' "

  

 
 

_next day we
Peyton.
“Mortland had
son. A , , .
“I hid myself in the woods and Mortland ap-‘ V
proached the manor house, but he had not pro» ;
Ceeded fa!‘ When he encountered the new‘ game-5‘ "
keeper’s son with his dog. ‘ _ ; .
“The boy demanded to know what the roughly
dressed and bearded stranger wanted, and Mort.- 5
land said: . g, "
:::Lead me to your master.’ '  2
_Here come master and the bailiff now,’ said.
the boy. _ __
“A moment later Peyton I*_‘ordyc_e, still looking.
young and‘ handsome in his spruce garb, -ap-.
proac d with a legal-looking old gentleman, who
walke with a cane. :_ -
j‘,‘This here stranger wants to see you mast ;'.
saiéihthe bo)_',;irdid1i_:a1t:ing 1\ihort}1$id. ' . : 
e convic e ' F d
seized him by the tlii-fat? ee upon or ypgvéndt‘
“ ‘I am Richard Mortland, the man whom‘ ygﬁ
doomed to ten years of penal servitude, ﬁend, and
I have returned to have my revenge!’ shri'eked7
Mortland, and as he spoke he hurled Fordyee to»
the groundand handcuffed him. ' . ~._‘ , .

proceeded to Fordyce Manor to _arre_s‘tl it

 

5 1 .
vowed to make the arrest in per- —' 

  
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
   
    
     
   
  
 
   
  
       
   
     
    
    
   

“Richard Mortland was pardoned and his’ inno-.
cence proclaimed. During ,Fordyce’s trial a gypsy‘
sentenced for a murder éommitted in Wappm:
‘confessed that he had been Peyton Fordyce .
complice in the crime at Fordyce Manor. ‘ Hedsaid‘
that Fordyce had drugged Mortland’s wine with
an East Indian opiatepand that the villain had?
placed in his pocket the money found there.  . ‘

“Mina "Phursby and Mortland. were min-me
lately and, as he now inherits the Fordyce estate
I see no’ reason why their future should not
a happy one.” .. f 

m
in

H

RIF-FI‘AN MESSENGER, 67, RUNS,SEVl3JN:'1‘,:Y;.
MILES BETWEEN SUNSET "AND SUN-3 '«.,
RISE OVER ROUGHCOUNTRY ~

‘Carrying a dispatch n arl e t  kl»;
which he said he had mad: 0nyf0(S)‘tv§!I'l0I)r’1 sliiiiseet-I
to sunrise, I-Iammouch Ben Hadge, an old‘ Riﬂian
warrior, was hailed here as the creator of i‘a—né
marathon record. ‘ , ,5

Panting from’h'is prolonged exertion, thejﬁi
ﬂan, whois 67 years old,- reached» the gates
Oudja at-daybreak one morning and ram. u '
the French sentry.’ ‘ "  '  _

“Please direct me to the housegof th'e‘\Rii¥1a_

delegation. Allah is great!” he said.

The sentry directed him to the house »occu""
by S1 Mohammed Azerkane, the Riﬁian .“1i.‘or 
Minister,” where Hadge delivered his messag
“No peace without autonomy.” ,3 ‘7

Hadge‘, _who is connectedwith theforce"
Apbd-el-Krim, had received thedis atchvthat-ni"
and had come from the ‘Atlas 'Hli)lls to-‘,Oud§a,»,
distance of 110 kilometers, or nearly seven
~miles. .‘ - . .  1'6

~ After partaking‘ of coffee and rolls the-old
ﬁan seemed fresher than did Albin sten'roqs».a, A
;~g2i4ri,ing_v the Olympic marathon race at Paris

I,

 

    
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
     

GALLONS OF GASOLINE

'_G-asoline production in the United States ‘is
. now’ at the nearlyrecord level of 21,666 gallons
a_minute.
“  DIAMONDS IN U. S.

 Pike County, Ai-k., which has the largest peach
- djrchard inﬁthe country, has the only diamond mine
«on the Western Hemisphere, has a bed of as halt
fand an oil well and is now producing sapp ires
ywhicli were cut by an expert gem cutter and
which rival the diamonds in their brilliancy.

K‘ANsA”s CURE FOR DRUNKEN DRIVERS
}0iﬁcials of Kansas City believe the have
"*found a_“sure cure” for reckless and runken
fdrivers- Guilty_motorists work out sentences in
"a “muddy-ﬂoored rock quarry. They swing*sledges
-"and picks, wield shovels and trundle rock for
eight long. hours, while chained by‘ irons. _

Ci.Ii<Iic TO TREAT MENTAL iLi.NEssEs
 - WITH PSYCHOLOGY . _ ,
Herejs the ‘latest in clinics. Social agencies, pro-
es onal and civic authorities have formulated
-‘plans here _for_ the‘ permanent establishment of a
mental hygienic clinic. _ V -

Tllis clinic when established‘ will deal with_the
,problems of “behaviorisin”—the psychologis_t’s
;£ftern'i"'used in describing human conduct. Remedies
will be sought for certain social ills that exist due
lack of mind training.‘ ‘

      
  
 
   

LING .PLANE [KILLS MOTORIST IN
. S'l‘REE,T IN COLORADO SPRINGS '”
airplane‘ fell in the middle of a downtown
ess street some time ago and killed a_man
' automobile. Two occupants of the plane
,mjui-.ed seriously.‘ ._

”(;ha,1‘d Rag-an, 26,_ of Colorado Springs, was
sitting in his automobile when 'the_plane, circling
1¢000 feet above the -city, experienced trouble.
ﬁirman Lee, student aviator, found the control

    

  

  

  
       
     
    
   

‘fl out of order. . .
fgjuotqr, worked frantically to gain control of the
ichine, but as the plane swung '400.feet.above
 business district it suddenly slipped into a

      
       
   
  
     
    
     
  
   
    
 
  

- in. . r . c , . '

._ sgari was killed almost’ instantly. Lee: and
Ya ‘ey were hurried to a hospital, where physi-
" as said their condition was serious. , . .

    
   

 

  
   
  

BRIDGE T0 " OPEN GATES ON
— , 4TH OF JULY.  - - 
f. the last gaps in the broad ribbon of
‘gay which‘ now stretches from -the Atlantic
t’e’Paciﬂ§ will be closed on July 4 when the
den, bridge, connecting Philadelphia -and

      
 

  
  
  

_ _o use the;grac,eful s
9. things ,.as th

FAME ANl) FORTUl\lE “VECKLX;
coon READING

Ray Varney’ acting as an in_V —feet and from the top of the towers to mean high '

'' 50,000 tons of steel, 276,300 cubic yards of con-_ .—

anchorages. ,0ne coat of
‘consumed 5,000. gallons.

~.b1‘idg‘e is suspended by two cables, instead of fou

 r'1“over--the’ Delaware River, is opened, to .

longest suspensibn bridge in the world. .
‘ll‘~run close,to $40,000,000, . .._ " V _ __ _ _ t I
1 tcorastruction-trrne of the ,

.  l . “‘ V ; I

 

concrete ﬂoor of the span. To themwit will be '
just another roadway, accepted as such because .
it is there. ‘ I . A

But, nevertheless, the Camden bridge} is con-
sidered one of the most important structures in t 
the United States, built to relieve a congested~
ferry traﬁic which at times has become so jammed . 7
that motorists have had to wait in line ﬁve, six ,
and eight hours before they could nose their ma- I
chines upon a boat. That is true, of course, only:
of the very busy week—ends in the summer months,
when Pennsylvania and Philadelphia and other ~’
towns and states pour out their populations for
Sunday trips to the wonder resorts of the south — .
Jersey coast. .+

Camden is the gateway. South of Trenton ‘
there has been no Way tocross the Delaware River
except by ferry and, with congestion at its height,
many motorists have driven thirty miles .north of
Camden to cross the stream at Trenton, so that
they could hasten to their Philadelphia homes-—-a
sixty-mile detour because there was no bridge to _ "
take them the stone’s throw across the river.

_ During 1925 the ferries between Camden and
Philadelphia ‘carried 5,700,000 vehicles. .In 1905 E 
this traffic‘ just reached the 1,000,000 mark. Iiii"
1920 it had increased to only 2,424,800 vehicles}: ‘
but in 1924 it more than doubled and went to! '
4,930,000. By July of this year, it is estimated;
that ferry traﬂic will have reached the stagger-
ing total of ’6,000,000 vehicles a year-——and thenr»
the bridge will be opened. .
What will happen? ' ' * -
When motorists reach the bridge they will ﬁnd
a structure 9,600 feet longfrom the beginning of. '
one approach to the end of the other. The main _
span, through which the Camden bridge has xi‘,
earned the title of “longest suspension bridge in
the_world,”.is-1,-750 feet.‘ The vehicular capacity 1
is ﬁgured at'6,000 cars an hour. The width of the
automobile roadway between curbs-is 57 feet, and 7
the totalwidth of the bridge, over all, is 124 feet, , ,

,The clearance above mean high water is 135 I

 

 

  
      
       
  
     
      
     
     
    
 

  

water the drop is 2385 feet. No man cngagedin _‘
c0n:<t1'ucti0n has fallen from the top of .the towers,’,
but several have been plunged into the river froni‘;
the‘ suspended structure. Two came out alive. ‘_
Six others perished. . Twelve have been killed’
during the construction. ' - -

The bridge, when fully completed, will contain if

crete ‘and. 216,300 yards of masonry work in the’
paint for the bridge.

Unlike the New York _bridges, the Camdél

These cables are twenty-nine‘ and one-halt. inches
insdiametei-land each contains 18,666 single 'wire3s'
,02 of an inch in diameter.‘ \The’cables are 3,55,,
feet long and weigh 7,100 tons. The_.tot_al leg _
of the‘ wires’ in these cables is 25,100 igniles-—.—,nio're‘

than enough to. encircle the _ea'{1'§1}i',‘b'Tlj1e actu _.

 
 
   

 SNAKES INVADE R. R. STATION

“Wow! Wait till I kill this big snake!" yelled
W. B. Kinney, third trick block telegrapher of the
W. & A. Railroad. at the dispatcher’s telephone
as he was reporting a train. His eyes registered
horror as a four-foot rattlesnake came writhing
through the door into the office. Kinney bom-
barded the reptile, with about everything movable
in reach, ﬁnally smashing the snakes’ head. Long
— continued drought had emboldened snakes, who
' were desperate in their hunt for water. . »

»..
._.._

1000 KARATS OFV DIAMONDS USEl) IN FORD
. , FACTQRIES .

»Who would think to look in an automobile fac-

tpry for diamonds‘? Yet in the Detroit plants

‘ or the Ford Motor Company more than_ 1,000

carats of the precious stones are in use in the

 manufacture of motor cars. *But the diamonds

that have their part in the production of improved

-.Fords do not enjoy the life of ease and luxury
characteristic of the social variety of gem. ‘

‘Few ersons would consider pressing their most

ohoice- iamonds against the whirling surface of

. a grinding wheel or drilling holes in. them, yet

" that is what happens ever day-to these com-

mercial stones. The majority of them are used

either to dress grinding wheels or are drilled to

. ermit hundreds of miles of wire to be drawn

  through them daily. . » i ’ I

3 Grinding wheels soon, pick up enough steel to

I become‘ glazed‘ and grooved. Then the diamond

. comes into use and is forced against the running

- s grinding wheel until ‘the old surface has been cut

 

 vuway. Until recently a much larger‘ stockof dia--

monds than that used as present was necessary
.,to keep the grinding wheels in condition. Devel-
opment of abrasives of a new degree of hardness,
however, has‘ relieved the diamonds of the heaviest
cuttin work,‘ and they are now used only in the
‘ ﬁner resslng operations. , "
Even a diamond will not stand up long under
9 such treatment and steadily loses weight from
. Hits ﬁrst ‘day on the job. The, biggest commercial
2 diamond ever used by the ‘company, weighing ap-
proximately 67.82 carats, lasted about two years.
Others become valueless after a few weeks and
some break down under the severe treatment in
an hour.
 Diamonds also play a major role in the drawing
‘ ._of copper‘ wire.‘ In thisdepartment the wire,
about as large in diameter as a lead pencil, is
drawn down to sizes which vary to less than the
,‘thickness of a hair. This drawing process is
‘ vsi-mple——in theory. The wire is merely pulled
‘through a series of graduated holes until it has
been drawiidown to the desired size.
" There is no substitute for the diamondin the
inner operations of wire drawing. Steel dies may
be used in the first few reductions, but as the

 

 

 

V-wire becomes smaller, such a terriﬁc strain is-

;»e'xierted’ that,‘ only ajdiam‘oncl will stand up for
anyglength of  =fThe largest of Jzhe diamond

   
   

l<‘Al\/IE Ass VFAORTUNE WEEKLY
INTERESTING ARTICLES

  

about one-teiith. of an inch in .di~_am’eter. that the_'>s,hips’h_'ad been  "rt fth 

and the smallest is less than four-one-thou- '
sandths of an inch with 36 intermediate sizes.’ . 
In solving the problem of drilling holes of .~
graduated diameters through‘ a score of diamonds,‘
designed as dies, Ford engineers have reverted to
the old adage of diamond cut diamond. After!’
centering the stone in a plug\ similar to a- thick ,
silver quarter, the hole is started with a diamond" I ‘”
chip. . Then a small quantity of ﬁne diamond dust
is introduced, and, by means of a rotating’ and.‘
oscillating needle, is made to slowly and evenly".
grind through the die stone. * ‘
Commercial diamonds contrast sharply with
jewelry gems. in color. Stones in use in Ford
car manufacture are not unlike a chip of coal in. I
appearance. In value, however, they are prac-,
tically equal to the _social variety.  

  
  
   
   
  
 
 

 

‘PERILS OF THE ARCTIC CIRCL

The successful return of MacMillaii “ and
Amundsen from their latest expeditions‘. to the
north, recalls that many earlier explorers gave.
their lives to Arctic adventure and that a long:
line of sturdy ships has surrendered to the ice..
Less than two years ago, William Nutting ‘and;
three companions set out from Norway to folio‘
the Viking_trail to America in ;-their little shi
the Lief E_ri son. They disaiappeared after leavin .,
the coast Jo Greenland. arlier centuries. 
their Arctic expeditions. In 1500, Gaspar C61‘,-
tereal, a Portuguese explorer, ventured into
son Strait -in a small craft and was never hea '
from again, says Popular c2'e'nce Monthlyﬁﬁia. 
brother and a number of companions who organ 3%
ized a searchingiexpedition, likewise were log, , 
Four hundred years before there was a map ‘of’ " ‘H
the Arctic, Sir Hugh Willoughby sailed into the" ‘

 

'north. later to be found dead with his crewaii .

the ship" frozen fast in the ice. Sir Martin
Frobisher's search for the northwest passage in
1590 met with partial disaster when oneof. hi}
three ships forundered in a gale. Bering "45 ,
many expeditions during the middle partof te;
eighteenth century, but was ﬁnalliy wrecked on

the island, that now bears his name, and "die ”
there, legend says, of a» broken heart. After}-
successful voyage into northern seas with ‘Peary
in 1893, and a relief expedition, a year 1ater,.,-th
Falcon, commanded by Captain Henry Bartlett;
skilled navigator, was lost with all her crew.‘ i , j
first “mariner ‘of the air”,to be claimed by; th
Arctic was Salomon August Andree. Who, 
two companions, left Spitzbergen‘in 1897 in a bail;
loon ﬁtted with sails and trailing ropes. ‘They’
hoped to reach the Pole‘ and 'return.,but a fag
of the buoys ‘dropped from the basket as a iineaiisj.

 

 

4+

 

, of tracing the expedition and a message broughg

by a carrier pigeon, were all that cam backjo -

id
00
(0
G7’!

the ill-fated venture. ‘In May, ,‘ , »
Franklin, with 129 men‘ and the Erebus and‘-ﬁg ,
Terror; set out to ﬁnd a. ‘northwest pass ’ 
Neither the ships nor any of the men retu‘ 
Thirty relief expeditions, over as manyx 719*"

an
=12
'5‘
‘:£

0 were‘ sent in search’ of them, although aéniess

foundgfourteen years,“a£ter§,the men'had’;jsa "

    

 FAME, AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

3?!

FROM EVERYWHERE

I‘ V BEE CAUSES AUTO ACCIDENT

v k t d _ that Dr. Roy D. Duck-
woIrtt1l’e§§"’1i‘°;.;-5I{’r‘I'i"co‘ii.5‘d White Plains, narrowly
9».-caped inj\1I“Y lately when his car -lumped
 Mount Kisco road north of Armonk and turn-

.‘ sedfiover after a bee _had ﬂown into his eye, tem-
- aril blinding him. Dr. Duckworth crawled
‘for byneath the badlv damaged machine and
takian to his home by a passing m0t0!‘iSt- 1,19
was uninjured. '.

. BULL DIES FIGHTING AUTO _ﬁ d
. The State Constabulary was recently "OW 9
* h 1; an automobile operated by Ralph Brlmzel °f
 t‘ead-Hook came out the better in an “encounter"
J 'R"‘tl1 bull near Coldwater. Orange C01m'6Y- The
lvaiill charged the machine three times and was kill-
— ' nal ttack. - .
ed1lh}g;1?vas lfiading the bull along the highway-
P 'ons in a passing automobile shouted and
ersk at the animal and it 801’: 3-W9-Y f1'°m the
Stmc Dashing down the highway, the frenzied bull
bﬁilged three times into the sedan car driven by
ﬁr Brunzel. The automobile was damaged but
got‘ disabled.

   

  
 
 
   
     
   
  
  
   
      
    
  

‘ IEQOEJGH RII)E&S la; name
«(R h ' 1-5” was e popu

' -;,»12;,e‘to thzuliirst ltggiment of Volunteer Cavalry.

gvliiichwas organized in the Southwest at the open.‘

~ - ' ited States Army, was
-maJorig(:;,xiied.a'l‘}i:odtdi': Ilggosevelt lieutenant- colo-
cO1](«mi,;3,te1‘ the command came to Colonel Roose-
he ' The 1-eginient was composed of expert riders
.V"-"1-t’ '11 over the country, cowboys from the
groin’ a ociety men from New York and New
plan";-S’ ds who had ridden to hounds, etc. The
Engdfsuhr-hough rider" is applied to a horseman who
‘iii: ride any horse with or without a saddle. They
shire the regular campaign dress of the cavalry,
1-,:';‘n"felt hat. blue shirt, khahi trousers and deg-
‘ ‘f; s /The regiment numbered several hundred,
 into the regulation of cavalry troops. The
frag-iment tookpart in the skirmishes leading to
the battle of San Juan and in the battle _1tself,

where. Roosevelt led the charge.
 ~ TORIC BONES ARE-FOUND
PREHIS UPSTAT .' — '
v- - th -h of Ca . ga Lake, N. Y.
,%5V§v'¢g$‘:'n-f?;1n0nge éheorgfge-old (l2;)0Slt3 of earth
-' ii-iron-benac Island have been found the crushed
 crumbling, skeletons and other remnants of
minerican aborigines who ﬁshed Cayuga’s waters
!l§ox1i§.idr:.thCaliiazoxiiiagthnologist and archaeolo-
‘lstoof 1;he.Mus/eum of the American Indian, Heye
éxundation. New York City, who made the ﬁnd

,¢,,,,;;xme his explorations.

~ . t, al ble ever made in America,
‘B; 2,‘§;,§i°fhe§. ,§.'§_v. reveal‘ lifein the ﬁrst pc-

11
v1~§bé":’e’.'EéiAlgonquin Indian occupation, or before.

   

 

jug of the war with Spain. Leonard Wood, now a .

Tidings of a, prehistoric race, centuries buried,‘

lgam’ " ’e'ti1ne ago. plans to return to the island to

. rtq have characterized the discoveries'§as-

Mr; C'adzow’s return the people of Union ~

Springs are guarding the island, and no one is!
allowed on the grounds.

Mr. Cadzow says the bones are those of Algon-
quins of the ﬁrst of the four periods of their occu-
pancy of America, and experts think they may
have been buried 1,500 years.

“They are the bones of men who roamed the
lake country centures before the coming of the
Iroquois,” asserts Mr. Cadzow. They represent a
type too primitive to know the simpliest form of
pottery making. Crude were their implements,
clumsy their arrow points, rude their tools. In
this archaic period they did not know how to make
and use a pipe. The remains more nearly re-
semble those of the earliest Eskimo than any I
have ever seen."

Much of Frontenac Island apparently is solid
rock. Upon the 200 square feet above water the
explorer found the burial ground, and that he be-
lieves may be the site of the village. Here the»
stone base of the island is buried two and a half
feet in earth which the explorer thinks is purely
Algonquin deposit and made of ashes, refuse and I
accumulations of the ages. The ﬁrst foot of soil
gave up pottery and other relics of the later and
more advanced Alganquin peoples, and as greater
dleptlés were reached still stranger relics were dis-
c ose .

On the bottom. crushed against the island’s
stone foundation. were found fourteen skeletons.
They were shattered and ravaged by age, but it

. was possible to piece them together, although days '

were required in lifting out and assembling‘ the
crumbling human bones. The explorer believes the
position of the skeleton alone proved their age, for
all were lying prone upon the bedrock in direct
variance with the burial customs of the later A]-
gonquins and the Iroquis.  . -
Bannerstones of white limestone, believed to be. '
the first to be found in an Indian burial ground in‘ ,
the Middle‘ Atlantic States or Southern Ontario,.

.were disclosed beside one skeleton. A bone object,

apparently representing a deer head, also was
found, and near it three large heaver incisors, 9.
small notched ﬂint arrow point, three antler
ﬂakers. two bone arrow points and the bones of a.
swan. In the'right hand of one skeleton was
found a small bone ‘spoon and near it three smallt
beaver teeth. an imperfect barbed harpoon point
and an antler ﬂaker. ‘
All the skeleton were ‘taken to the New York
City museum for further examination. *'

/-f
mm

4--—§

. . “Moving Picture Stories”

A Weekly Magazine Devoted to Pllotoplays and Plnyeu:

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY

vmnch number contains Three Stories of the Best Films
on the Son-1-n-—-Elegantxl-lnlf—tone Scenes from the Pl an
——~I11I'erosIipg Articles About Prominent Peo le in 
Films——1)mnp:s of Actors and Actresses in the gtudio and
Lessons in Sceimrio Writing. ~ ‘ i ;

ETHEL Rossmm, pumsnan mo  .
_. 219 Seventhhvenue; New York. hi;-‘Y. 4; :

   

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

A  Fame and Fortune Weekly

7 ‘ _— Larnor manna —-

1033 The Boy Gold Hunters; or. After A Pirate’:

, Treasure.
I034 Trioldng the-_Traders; or. A Wall Street Boy‘!
(1-‘mo of Chance.

loft?» Jack l\ierry's Grit: or. Making a Man Of Himself.
1036 A Golden Shower: or. The Boy Banker of Wall

Street. .
10727 Nlakine: a Record; or. The Luck of a Working Boy.

.1038 A Fiqrrht For giouey: or, From School to Wall
. rv-no .
10,’: Sn-mwimi Out V est; or. The Boy Who Found a

V‘.nni>mnn.
1049, mm l".s\=<r=fOi‘d's Luckzor. Working on Wall Street

Tins
I041 A Yo(umzvGold King: or. The Treasure oi‘ the Secret
' VP. 4
104.2 nnu,mi"Tn Get Rich: or. How A Wall Street Boy
‘\Tnrlf- ‘Unnnv.

i043 l<‘rimw"--n Frank: or, The I’-oy who ‘ Became
. Vnvvwniia, ' _ .
1044 A‘ ssnorm Tip: or. The _Youn;:, Weazel of ‘Wall

~ , ﬁtv-not.

iii-H T'ln(-kv Rob: or. The Roy Who Won Success. ‘
_ 1046 Prmn \"~w<<ip(nf to Ilnnkr-r; or, Rob I.ake’s Rise in

“'-»|_l <1f'v-net,
1047 A (Sr-"inn St.‘-ire; or. The Treasure of the Indies.‘
1043 A nv-In on the Market; or. A Hot Tiiue In Wall

Street. .
1049 W'nt<-hirlc: His Chance; or, From Ferry Boy to Cap-
’ it ., '
105'-0-A Gino:-I for Gold: or. The Young King of Wall

§fr«\nf_
‘.1051 A Wizartl for Lu:-lr: or (ieHi"z Ahead in the World.
f 1052 A Fortune at Stake: or, A “fall Stu-nt.Messon::er‘s
‘ Deal. ‘
JMR Wis lmit Nickel: 0". \"l1M' It Did for Jack Bond.
10'’ Nat Noble. the Little Broker; or, The Bov Who
~ Started a Wall Street Panic. ‘ . .
‘I055 A Strurvgle for Fame: or. 'i‘he Gameat Boy in the
W()rliI. ’

L

'  ‘mam;-he Young M'nm-y Mmznnte: or. The Wall Street

"Boy who Broke the lmvrket.

L’/‘I057 A Lu:-kv Contract: or. The Boy Who Made a‘ Raft’

or Moviev. .
mm A Big Risk; or, The (ionic That Won. V
10159 On Pirate-‘a Isle: or. The 'I‘rem-‘sure of the seven
'(‘.rn tors. \

1060 A~Wnll Street Mystery: 01'. The Boy Who Bent ‘

t S. di t . A -
I001 Dir‘-.‘l: ll‘:l?ile$IaPl\il.ne; or. The Boy Gold Diggers of
e lo

.o. < _ .
1062 A Rcfxv Stock Broker: or. From Errand Boy to
Millionaire.
‘I063 Faciixsr the World: or. A Poor Bo.v's Fiizht for
[M

I084 A Tip \{"t>‘l"t‘l.i' a Million: or. How :2 Boy Worked
It In Wall Street.

' 1065 Billy, the Cabin Boy: or. The Treasure of Skeleton
' Isla d

1066 Just I-Iisnlluckz or. Climbing the Ladder of Fame

_- and Fortune. ' 

1067 out with His Own Circus: or. The Success 0 a
Young: Barnum.

in 1068 Playing For Money; or. The Boy Trader of Wall
‘it

4069 The ‘I*.«{3'(".opper Miner: or. Ted P-ro.Wn's Rise to
I-1070 Tips illtlhtlie Tape; or. The Boy Who. Sturtled \’Vull
Qtreet

1071 strn€mg' It men; or. From omce By To Mar.-
chant Prince _
1072 Lucky in Wall Street; or, The Boy Who Trimmed
. ’ tho Brokers. . '
11773 In a: Class by }'lll‘ilS(‘.l.f: or. The Piuclgy Boy Who
Got. to the Top. I .
1074 Bullim: the. Murke: on. The Iﬂessenger \Vho Worked
C .
107-5Aftc1!‘l I}l(0')‘m}‘,;l:I Illuo Stone; or. The Treasure of the
. J ‘

. 1 , ,
1076/Little‘tTl:1gv"Pcrl:ins, the Broker; or. Shearing tho
A wan’ street “I.2unhs."

A 4077 The ‘Young Coal Bnmn: or. Five Years With The
' Ml

107sCo1xuis.z‘m§i:3xlé;—: or. The Boy Plunger of Wall

" . t.
' 1079 Ailloliérglv Tusk ‘Hunters; or, The Boy Who Found
] 11 Diamond Mine. ’

l I b all newsdeuler». or will be lent to any
V For “.34:-evss on receipt of price. 8c. per copy.
; in money or stalnpl. bx

    

. - . ABBY K. wourr. ruumm. no.  A
   ~ low-Xanadu‘:

' I

    

16:: West 23d Street

.;—

bun TEN-CENT ‘HAND Booxsitlyl

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. ‘ They contain
Valuable Information on Almost ' ‘
. Every Subject. . _ 

N0. 4i. THE B()YS‘i1)F NEW’ YORK END MEWS

JOKE 1s0()K.—-Contuinin}; a great variety of the .latest'g
:1

jokes used by the most xnous end men. No nxnnteut
Ininstrels is c()111]>1ete without this wonderful little book.
No. 42. THE BOYS. (IF ﬁEW

splcxechzg, Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end mori’s jokes
o. .
collection of Alb1un Verses suitable for any time and
occasion; embracing Lines oi’ Love, Aifeci:iou.‘Senti1nen~t,

Humor Respect, and Condolence;.ulso Verses Suitably.‘

for Vu entiues and Weddings.
‘No. 52. HOIV TO PLAY
handy little’ book. givin

the rules and full
for pinyin Euchre.

Cribbage. Casino, Forty‘-ﬁre‘

Bounce, Pe ro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch. Al ‘

Fours, and many other popular games of cards.
No. 58. HOW TO

S
5:
E
s
rt
:1
Ii
re
e
rs
:0
4.
s
0’
7-1
3:
6»
3-‘.
5

little book. telling you how to write to your sweetheart, j

your father. mother. sister, brother. employer; andqlu

fact everybody and anvhody you \vish to write to.» '
No. 55. HOW’ TO (‘»(5LLEC'l‘ STAMPS AND 00,INS;,—.

Containing valuable information regarding. the collectv

mg and arranging of stamps and coins. Elandsomoil)
illustrated. . ' "
No. 5'1. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTH

 

--Full directions how to make a Banjo‘. Violin, Zither,
Aeolian Hat . Xylophone and other musical instruments:
to other wit
instrument used in ancient or modern times. P_ro~
fusely illustrated. ‘  , «
No. 58. HOW TO BE A I)E',I‘ECTIVE.—By Old Kiht
Brady. the well-known detective. In which ,he lays
down some valuable rules for beginners. and also reé
lates some adventures of well-known detectives. . .
No. (ll. HOW TO BECOME A BOWLEB.—A complete
manual of howling. Containing full instructions f
alayiug all the standard American and German am
gether with rules and systems in use by the princip
bowling clubs. , ' .
No. 64. HOW‘ TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINE
-Containing full directions for making electrical rule
chines. induction coils. dynamos and many novel to?!
to be worked byelectricity. By It. A. R. Bennett. Ful
illustrated. ‘ ' - > , ~
No. 6'1. HOW T0‘I)0 ELECTRICAL Yl'Bi0l{5..--C-0?.
taiuing a large -collection of instructive aud.h_;lk A1
amusing electrical tricks, together with illllstralions. B
A. Anderson. -' \ ' » p ‘»
No. 89. HOW TO DO SI.EIGH'I'-0F—HANI)—-Contain-p
ing over ﬁfty oi_' the latest and heat tricks. used by.mn~
icians. Also containing the secret of secoudsighl.
ully illustrated. . _ ‘ -.
No. '12. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WITH CARD
—-Embracing all of the latest and most deceptive ca V
tricks. with illustrations. - . j
No. 73. IIOIV TO DO TRICKS WITH NUMBERS.-.
Showing many curious tricks with ii urea “andnthb
magic of numbers: ‘By A. An arson. Fu ly illustrated.‘
No. '24. HOW TO WRITE I TTERS ‘CORRECTIz‘Y..-é—-

I Containing full instructions for writing letters on Al

 

most any sulijectzfllso rules for punctuation and c9
position. with specimen letters. ‘ " .-
No. 76. .‘H0\V TO TELL FORTUNES BY THE }IAN&
—Containing rules for telling fortunes by the. aid
lines of the hand. or the secret otipalmis ry. Also he
secret of fteliing future events by aid of mole. ma
scars, etc. Illustrated. > 
No. 77. HOW rro ‘no FORTY rmcxs -wrtr
(7ARDS.—-Contmning deceptive Card Tricks as perforin,
ed by leading ooujurers and magicians. _ 1
No. 79. now To mcoomn AN’ ACTOR.-Contain!
complete’ instructions how to rnnlfe up for var-lo
characters on the stage' together with the duties _
Stage ‘Manager, Prompter. Scenic Artist and Prime

an. ' ..

No. 80. GUS WILLIAMS’ JOKE BO0K.—Conta.lni
the’ latest jokes. anecdotes and funny stories of’
world—renowned Gnrninn comedian. . , 7' .

No. 82; HOW TO DO PALMISTRY.—-Containing‘ m
most approved methods of reading the lines on< .
hand, togetlier with :1 full explanation of their mcanin »
Also explainin {shrenologm and the key foritcli
character‘ by t e nimps on the'head. By Leo. ‘
Koch. A.C.S. Fully illustrated. ~ '

For sale by all norndeulorl, or will he cant toll
‘v addreu on receipt or price, loo. poo} ooxirr '
V In mono: or ntompouby V »

HARRYE. ‘wows. Publisher. me;
 I; T  ‘.-

       

 

 
 

_ . YORK STUMP‘
SPEAKER.--Contaiimig a varnc-(l assortment of stump=

HOVV TO WRITE IN AN ALBUM.—-A grand ‘

CARI)S.—A com(;;ieteuan_a"
mat: on: ~

a brief description of nearly every musi-'

 
    

