     
 

Pnce 3 Cent:

   
 

STIJFKIES 0 MAKE
DFBDYS MONEY.

[F [i1@Rﬂ MUM: W] MUM=DEJ][NJS€7
DRIHE POUR BDYWHD BEA E A STEELZM . EN n- TE.
C579 575../2F—M7ﬂ£ﬂ///V    ’ ~ . n

 
      
   
  

   

    

The foreman was down on one knee and the angry man was about to strike him wnh the inn;
rod. when Prod let the bulldog, go Leaping from the car. the animal lands:

on Grimes. and he fell to the ground.

     

 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 

. ,‘ I

lined Weekly——subsc1-iption price, 54,50 per year. Canada. $50: Foreign. $5.00. Wectbury Publishing (30,, lg,

Publishe s. 168 West 23d st 1:, N Yo N. Y. E t d ‘ S d-Cl M tter Octo
15:11. at the Post-Oﬂlgg at eltlvew §k0.l'k, N.Y..nl1‘:lr§e1' agile  of ans:-oh" a be. "

aixm.

‘ No. 1163

‘p.

CHAPTER I.—A Young Scamp. '

_“Please don’t, Tom; please don't drown my
htityl” cried a childish voice in a tone of anxious
aolicitude.
“Aw, shut up! Cats ain't no ,good, nohow,"
. _ growled 8 boy in surly tones.

. The voice from behind a hedge in the suburbs

     
   

  

 

dge which spanned a shallow strehm, and were
‘heard by Fred Wheaton, a bright, sturdy-looking
boy of eighteen, who was -returning home from
in day’: work at the Dover Steel Works, close by.
.He paused and looked over thehedge. On the
 side he saw Nellie Harper, the younger
' daughter of Foreman Harper, of the steel works,
 picture of acute distress. She was trying in
"vain to rescue a pretty little Maltese kitten with

  
  

  

  
    
 
  

  
  
 
       
      
      
     
        

 
  
 

, of Tom Grinies, a husky, disagreeable~looking bo
' ’ol"aeventeen. The youth was fending the girl o
with one elbow while he was trying to tie 21 strin ,
' fed with a stone, around the animal's nec ,
(evident intention being to drown it in spite
0! the otests of its fair young mistress.
. Toms present occupation was quite characteris-
ﬁe of him. He was a bully by nature, for his
' er, Phil Grimes, who was employed at the
w _ p ,w ,- was an overbearing, quarrelsome
’ “nan. Like most bullies, Tom had a streak of
‘  in his makeup, and was, moreover, an
- -- coward at heart. He ,had been detected in
.amy_»’petty thefts, and when employed for a
« in a general store near the steel works,
ﬂaw was so often missed from the till that a
—» was set for him, bgurgeans of which.he was
- a. and summarily ‘ harged after the ‘pro-
had, inflicted a severe castigation on im.
»- had avoided the society of Tom Grimes as
m the plague, and Tom was not so stupid
-‘he Iii: Fred’: ill-concealed aversion and hated

    

    
   
       
     
   
  
   
 

  

  
        
     
   
      
    
   
  
 

  

  
 

  

 
  
  

NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 19, 1926

Froni Mill To Millions   _
 on, THE POOR not Wl-l0 BECAME A sum. MAGNATE 4 F 

By A SELF-MADE MAN

' the manufacturing town of Dover, near a plank '

pink ribbon around its neck from the clutches ~

' she sai



Price 8 Cents.

 

3:: back lute: lilittten or the1;1e:'lll_£)e”something doing ' l
a minu a you won 1 e. . ‘
Tom looked up in a started way, and when he
isle:  sffscggbgve the liedgheihe glared xgdhha
In 0 8 ll way. 81' S 9 C0111! GI
£1131 ltiﬁdgleo ashahprtcéléective barrier between him
e y e a . ~
_ “0h._Fred, Fred, save my kitten!” cried the
lfirttgidgirl with a glad cry as she recognized he;
1 .
Tomgrinnedml" 1 dhst edtokngg
the‘ loop he had pgtlgbgitytgg ani:nal?s neck.
patilgiglsyou hear what I said?" roared Fred im-
_ “Rats!’_’ was young ‘Grimes’ response, stand.)
ﬁlgiogglli tligr iﬁten in 8:13: hand and the stone
' 3 e a Sn ‘n .
_Tl'l3t was enough for Fred. _He began to force
l_‘llS way through the hed e. Bill‘! A blow in tho
Jaw stretched Tom on e_ ground himself, and c ,
the kitten escaped from his grasp. _ Fred stood ' ' ‘
over_ thevyoung rascal like an avenging Nemesis. ,
tlgelllie rufshed _tto_ herkpetYand bégan unknotting
e oo min i s n . oun ﬁned
vindictiavely into F:ecd’s face vghilgnlfeesfe t of l‘i‘;~
sore aw. . *
“I’l get squ 'th i th’ !” h snarled.‘ V
«Y? ...l.....,,:,.j:,‘:1§..t:.:3..:S.. .3; coming ..
you. on y was ou’ s n up an t
ﬁst:1=»_.edI’% kiaock ygiir head of in abougt 1311:1532: ._,
repi re . F -_ ,
“Yah! ,Wait till I tell my father, he'll ﬁx you _ _
tomorrer! ’ said Tom, getting up slowly and edg- ‘-
ing-‘Ia\va3i.d ‘t P .t yd!‘ be f
wou n ex ec an inge roinyouﬂigg.
you'd try to get your father to ﬁght your battles.

Xoigre the meanest little skate in the neighhop-: 
oo .'

Fred turned away from him and walked 
Nellie, who was huggin her kitten in her arnl.
“0h.;vt:;:lso g , Fred, to save my kitty!‘
y. V . J _
“That's nothing," replied the boy with a Ilaﬂa.
“Glad to do a favor any tune. Besides, 1
for such business as this, anyvq;
I don't believe in-—'-" , _. * 
“took out, Fred!” screamed Noni; ’

  
      
      
 
       
      
       
     
   

  

  

 

    
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
     
  
      
   
     

'. hnrtled so close to Fred's head that he felt the
[wind of it. _ _ ,
-,."  little villain!” roared Fred, making a
_ dai-t_at Grimes. _ .
The bully, in turning to ﬂee, _tr1pped himself,
. fell to the ground_ and rolled into the stream,
— «where he landed with a splash. It wasnt over
- four feet deep where he went in, and there was
no danger of his drowning. Nevertheless he was
frightened by his sudden and uflexpectﬁd mime!"

n.
“You pushed me in! You want to drown me!
I'll tell my father!" replied Tom, standin u .
"I pushed,,you in!” cried Fred, astoni e at
 his charge. '
' “Yes, ou did! You want to do me up!” ”
‘ ._ “You ittle liar, wait till I get hold of you!
cried Fred angrily. _ _ _
, “Yah!” snorted Grimes, putting his ﬁngers to
hislnose in expressive pantomime. “I won’t do a
thingto you yet!” i _
He walked across the narrow stream, picked
2. ’u a stone on the other side and ﬂung it at Fred.
’ is aim was poor, but that fact did not deter
him from continuing the bombardment of the boy
he was down on more than ever. _Seeing that he
ooq.ldn’t get at him without returning to the road,
yrcrdssing the bridge and getting through the fur-
ther hedge, by which time Tom would have made
goodhis escape, Fred backed away, dodging the
~.—missiles as they came toward_ him.
“Run ahead, Nellie,” he said.
,'1‘he girl obeyed gladly, for the stones that
 "winged their way in her direction made her ner-
. "vans. In a few moments she and Fred were
x standing in the road out of range of the tone-
1 thrower. As they walked home together, for they
, lived in adioming cottages close by, Nellie re-
counted. how Tom Grimes had overtaken her on
' g1.,;,op,d, taken her kitten from her and threat-
 to drown it, which he undoubtedly would
have done but for Freds’ opportune 8PPe8l'3D°9
on the scene.“

 

iciieirrsiz II.—An Exciting Moment.

-‘.§'Nine o'clock next morning." Not the suburbs
this time. but the big inachine-room of the Dover
Steel eﬂills. A great room that rattled and
roared with the sound of whirling wheels, grind-
sng machinery, and a ceaseless and insistent
a pounding of hammers and other tools in the hands
.;“pf_ g d of gri y men in overalls and frocks.
 big driving-sﬁft ran through the centre of
. ‘  near the ceiling. It was thickly dotted
wﬂ whirling wheels with a forest of beltinz
3‘-musing to smalleinwheels on scores of counter-
 inpall arts of the room. A maze of P91‘-
pcindiculhrbe ts connected with machines of every

ﬁjgjnd pattern over which men bentand sweat-.
T ‘: ' kl . .
'1’ °' ‘h°"¢§.-°°» y W‘ collection of men and

- ki bo id ti
mission‘ . He wasghe Jheeiaaellhg

  
    
      
   
      
   
 

   

 
   
   
   

 

jkitten the afternoon be-

S somewhat difl'erent_ in his

ne#%Y«--°“Pl;¢*;'4 -lgslei fw-
. ; 1Il_ it

*-*'’***s.*... .;...... Wm

     
      

1 shit‘.

eat his lunch.
” .;z¥°mL§ G
gunshot .

 2 - 4 FROM MILL T0 MILLIONS T

shut out much of the noise of the machine-room,
Fred entered the passage and presently came out

in the furnace-room. This place was much more
spacious than the room he had just left—-so wide "
and high that its dark roof was supported by
iron pil ars. . '

It was lighted by many large windows, open to
let in air and light. Several large furnaces
reached away up near the roof, where there were
chutes and andings on which grimy men, very
lightly clad, were working like beavers. The ﬂoor
was hard ground, and this was heaped with great
piles of brown sand that a number of men were
shoveling and siftiniointooddly shaped metallic
frames, resembling xes, of many sizes; while
other boxes, iron-clasped to hold their upper and
lower’ halves together, were ﬁlled with smooth -
sand, in which were holes of different sizes. Near
the walls and windows some men we're working
at benches in which were small boxes in halves,
and piles of very ﬁne brown sand. ,

All these men were working carefully as they
molded and sifted the sand, which was ﬁnally. 
hammered solidlyinto the box-like receptacles.‘ -.
The boss of this room was John Harper, and he
was issuing orders in a low tone to one of his ‘

assistants when Fred made his appearance arid

handed him the note. Harper read the note, nod-
ded at Fred and walked away. The boy walked
to one of the exits and left the building. Before
him were several railroad tracks, with a score ‘
or more ﬂat—cars strung alon the rails. An en- . ‘
gine was attached to a num r of loaded ones, '
the engineer leaning out_of thecab window, wait-
ing apparently for his signal to go ahead. Fred.
bound for another building, suddenly came face to
face with a surly loolgingman in overalls, shirt,
and cap, who stepped out of the boiler-room. Ho , .
was one .of the two ﬁremen employed in theen-V . .1
ine—house, and his name was Phil Grimes. The 
tried to avoid him, but this man prevented, 
him by grabbing his arm. ‘ f_
f‘What d’ye mean by pushin' my son into the A?
crick last night?” he demanded in an ugly tone. 
“I didn’t push him in. He fell in himself,” re-_ 
plied Fred. _ . ;_ 
“You’re a liar! Tom said you pushed_hnn in ‘ 
and tried to drown him, and I’ sooner believe his. 
word than your oath." ~ ~. "3
“I; you won’t believe me I’ve nothing more tQM_.~"'*
say. —' .
“But I’ve, somethin’ more to say, and I'm gain? ,
to kick the stuﬁln’ out of you, too, you  "
upstart!” snorted the ﬁreman. _%
“You’d better not lgick me if ou'know when ..
you’re well om" replied Fred, ooking Grime;
fearlessly in the _eye. ‘ 
Ho!‘ What kin you do?" - .
Do you want me to re rt you to the su '
tendent?" said Fred, looking at hiinunﬂi
e. I! you delayyino .

 

“Pm carrying a messag

are likely to suffer for it." _

The ﬁreman released _him. ’ ' \ l

“I’ll ﬁx you another time,” he said with a« -

look, turning away. , - , _

chuckled and went on his .wa ,.

the noon whistle blew Fred took his lun V
hopped into a ﬂat-car facing‘ the each:

ra or In

 
  
 
 
  
  

      
  
 

 
  

the do aeeizmaB§*aw¢i':§’Li§ in 131:‘ F
thazirasnykaiisn‘ ‘ 1

    

r‘.

  

FROM MILL TO MILLIONS 3

was Nero, and Fred being a lover of animals, a

sympathetic friendship had grown up between

 and the dog. _ _

' Nero," he said, “is that where you
are?" .

The animal looked at him withoutraisiii his
head, and pounded the bottom of the car wi his
tail, a mute indication on his part that he was
glad to see the boy. . .

“Too comfortable _to get up and shake hands
eh, old fellow?” continued Fred as he seated him-
self close to the dog and opened his pail.

Nero worked his tail again. Fred talked to
him off and on while he ate, and the dog_ never

‘ took his eyes off him, always answering with his
' The reserved several pieces of meat
which he ﬁna y offered to Nero. _ The dog had
evidently been expecting to come 'in for a small
share of the young stee workers’ lunch, and had
waited patiently till his turn_ came._ When it did
he got up, afetr stretching himself in a la.z way,
and took the contributionfpiece by i_ece. _ ‘en he
sat on his haunches in ront of is friend and
looked at him.

At that moment Fred heard the voice of _Grimes

' raised to an angry pitch. He tumed his head
and perceived that Grimes and John Harper were
ehgaged in an altercation about something. The

, relations of these two men had been strained for

; 3 lon time, and an outbreak between them [had

onl ipen avoided by the fc_oreman’s tact and

dip omacy. Now it looked as if the long deferred

scrap had xcogie at last. While Harper tried t:

remain coo rimes grew angrier every momen -

He sprang back and seized an iron r_bd, used to

e the ﬁres with, which was standm against

T engine-house, and swung it vicious_y at _the

- foreman. r, _ suspecting his intention,

sprang back an avoided the blow: Then, recog-

nizing the fact that Grimes was in a dangerous

_ humor, he started to _wa1k_away. ‘The ﬁreman

- rnshed‘furiously at him with upraised weapon»

A and Harper-, trying to avoid a blow from the rod,
tri and fell.

, racious!” cried Fred. “Mr. Harper may

be kil At the ra/scal, Nero!”

The foreman was down on one knee, and.the
man was about to strike him with the iron
when Fred let the dog go._ Leaping from the
at the animal landed on Grimes, and he fell to
. g The ﬁreman uttered a yell of terror
and grabbed the dog by the heck. Ne_ro had it
in‘ for him became of a kick he had received from
Grilles. and fastened his teeth in the man’s arm.
Grimes roared with pain and shouted for help.
, - I-‘red, feeling that the dog had accoin lished the
,  ' aimed at, and fearing he m_ig t lull th_e
 sprang from the car and seized the am-
by his collar.  frantic with pain and
_' t, rushed back into  engine-room to get
ti“):  r to Itte'll)1‘titt0 hisszzopuiéli. bFrﬁd then
‘ e away, was p y ai-per.
The f ’ looked white and rattled.‘
" .'."-Ihadaclosecallthat time," he Said in
 --: tones. “I believe the rascal meant to
. $1.3-ge, 1Gg_m sat’? the dog saved
on ‘ '

     
  
   

AM, you

   

  

I Eon’-as‘. unwise».

   

 I_saw’youwere inabadvﬁxand sent.’
_iii..to,im_'e  '
at ‘ ,_y

  ‘*I°~ ‘?“‘-*- ’

“I never thought the scoundrel would go to such
an extreme as to try to kill me. He is a danger-
ous nian. I intend to report his behavior to the
superintendent. If he should lose his job it would
serve him right."

“He tackled me this morning about that scrap _

I had with his son yesterday afternoon, and
threatened to kick the stuﬂing out of me, as he
expressed himself, but I put up a good bluff and
be hauled in his horns.” ’

“I must thank you for saving Nel1ie’s pct. 11
the kitten had been drowned she wouldn't have
got over it_for months, for she is very much at-
tached to it. Father and son seem to be very
much alike. They will stoop to any kind of con-

itemptible action, and are revengeful when inter-

fered with.”

“That’s right,” nodded the boy, “I’ll leave you
now. The whistle will blow in a minute or two.
and I want to take Nero back to his master: 1
fear Grimes will lay for him with that rod and
knock his brains out. If he should do anything
like that I hope Johnson] that was the wadi-
man's name, “will make him regret it.”

Fred led Nero away, and five minutes later the

one o’clock whistle blew, and work was resumed ‘

in the steel plant.

CHAPTER III.—Our I-Iei-o Loses His Job.

Fred Wheaton had been ﬁve years in the‘ ser-
vice of the Dover Steel Works. He had started
in as a kind of general helper in the furnace-
room, and gaining the notice of the superintend-
ent had been promoted by degrees to a post in the
machine-room. The superintendent, having taken.
a fancy to the boy, used him in various capaci-
ties out of the usual run. Fred, being thus ac-
corded unusual opportunities to familiarize him-
self with the different branches of the steel in-
dustry, picked up a fund of very useful informa-
tion. He took to the business like a duck to wa-
ter, and used his eyes and brains to the best ad-
vantage. The superintendent perceived that he
had talents above the ordinary run of workmen
but he would have been astomshed at the exteii
of the boy’s knowledge had he probed into it.

Apparently fortune was favoring the young
steel worker, and at the time our story begins he
seemed destined to rise to '9. 'tion of impor-
tance in the Dovei Steel Wor He lived with
his mother and father, the latter being an invalid
from an accident, in_ a» small cottage in the
suburbs, and his earnings helped to keep the pot

 When the whistle blew at one o’clock.

the engineer,_ whose name was Griggs, had just
ﬁnished binding up his ﬁreman’s laoeramd arm.
He and Grimes were cronies, for they were birds
of the same feather. No other engineer would
have stood for a man of Grimes’ disposition and

general character, and it was  due to his‘

inﬂuence that the ﬁreman‘ retained a job.
“You needn't work for a _while, Grimes,” said
Griggs as he started the
“I don't believe I could the way my arm feels,”
 ed thenﬁuman. _“Blast that dog!
“ unlit to- besént away or‘ kill«l."ui¢ the
engineer, who had a private ' .;

       

engine. i.
He’: got. ‘J

      
   
 

‘day watchman. and n.0_t-hilit W to  

 ' /

I

    

4 i f ‘ FROM MILL Fro MILLIONS

him better than to see Johnson’s dog put out of
the way, as he .knew the watchman thought a
great deal of Nero. - '

“He’s too dangerous to have around loose. He
ought to be kept tied u ,” said Grimes.

“That's right,” nod ed the engineer. “Why
don't you go to the superintendent and report
the matter? The animal seems to have a grudge
against you, and might attack you again any
time.”

“I've a great mind to. But I think I know a
better plan. I’ll watch till I find the do is tied
up, and then I’ll take that iron rod and at his
brains out.” _

At that moment one of the yardmen walked
into the engine-room. He was another of Grimes’

cronies, though he really cared nothing for the"

ﬁreman. He was simply one of those leeches who
hang around a man to get all they can out of him,
if only in the way of drinks.

_‘‘You had a ' narrow escape, Grimes,” he said

- see the dog attack me?”

“I di and I know who set him on to you.”

“Set him on to me!” ejaculated the ﬁreman,
pricking his ears up. “What do you mean?”

“I mean he wouldn't have gone for you only he
was encouraged to do so.” »

"Who encouraged him?”

— “Young Wheaton, the supers’ favorite.”
ﬁ‘;What!” roared Grimes. “Why, he pulled him

0 .’ ‘

“I know he did, because he was afraid to let
ahe dog chew you up, as he probably would have

one.”

The yard hand then described how Fred and
the dog were in the ﬂat-car opposite the ‘engine-
house when Grimes and Harper engaged in their
scrap, and how Fred set the animal on the ﬁre-
man ,when the latter went to hit the foreman with
the iron rod. Grimes was furious on hearing the
man’s story. He called Fred every name in the
calendar, and swore to get square with him. The
other ﬁreman heard a great deal of the conversa-
tion that took place in the engine-room, and be-
in -a friend of Johnson, the day watchman, he
togk the first chance to warn him that Grimes

intended to kill his dog. Acccordingly next_ day

-Nero did not appear in the yard,,and Fred missed
him when he went outside to eat his dinner. He

V hunted Johnson up and asked him where the dog
was. -

- “I’ve left him home, and I’m going to keep him,
there after this, as Grimes has sworn to do him
up ” replied the watchman.

red was sorry to lose the society of his four-

’ footed friend, but deemed the precaution a wise

one, since he knew that_ the rascally ﬁreman was
-,capable of doing any kind of a dirty trick. Al-
though Grimes had resolved to get square with
Fred, some weeks elapsed and he made no move
apparently to do anything, - It is not improbable
that he suspected the boy had a pull with the su-
rintendent, and was afraid of the consequences.

t! was about this time’ that a rumor reached the

hands in the"steel works that the bi _steel_ plants

 ‘of the country were about to com me in one

mighty organization, the object of which was to .

A the entire lindustry.ﬁt Pgices wggl theis
‘equalized. ’ V on a arge pro -s aring s, an

"  would be-Io regulated M _
  It‘ was  that many

  

as to practically,

 

small steel plants would be dismantled and put
out of business, the general business concentrated
as much as possible, many oﬂicials would find
themselves out of ,a snug job, and that the coin-
mon workmen would be orced to accept a reduca
tion.of 10 per cent. in wa . '
As the days went‘ on ese rumors were found
to be based on facts. The daily press teemed
with reports of the negotiations going on between
the steel kings. One of the most important and
wealthiest in Pittsburg, a man born in a foreign
land who had risen from obscurity to almost un-
limited wealth through his own talents and in-
dustry, had been offered a tremendous inducement
to step down and out and turn his plants over to
the combine. It was said that one.man, whose
name was already under consideration, would
take full control of the organization at a salary
of $100,000 a year. It was suspected that one of
their main purposes was to secure a grip on the

‘ government with respect to armor-plate contracts

for war vessels, since with competition stiﬂed
there could be no under-bidding, and the Navy
Department would either have to pay the ad-
vanced price 'for steel or stop building armor-
plated vessels. The railroads would also have to
pay more for steel rails, for the high duty would
prevent them from importing rails cheaper than
the new trust schedule. .
Then the new order of thin in the building
industry, whereby it was possi le to erect t
skyscra ers by constructing the framewor in
iron ske eton fashion, offered them a great chance,
too, to sell its iron product at hi her ﬁgures. Im-
mense steel bridges were also ing erected“-or-.
in contemplation, all over the country, and these
enterprises would require a lot of t e best ma-
terial. Evidently the plans of the new combina-
tion were well laid, and the men, having millions
at their back, with Wall Stret favorably dispow
in their direction, were almost certain to reach
the end they aimed at. At any rate, everything
pointed that way, and there seemed no doubt that
the new arrangement would shortly become an
accomplished fact. One day a committee of gen-
tlemen appeared at the works and spent most of
the day going over the establishment, appraising
its value. This gave the hands the impression
that the Dover works was going into the new com-
bine, and as a matter of fact they were right.

Fred was in a position to be better informed ' '

about what was going on than- the rest of the
working force. '

He passed his information on to Mr. Harper
in strict conﬁdence, and they had many talks on
the subject at home. One morning Grimes got

into a row with a yardman on some trivial matter- ~’

and they came to blows. In the midst of the,
scrap the general manager happened to pass that.
way.

would listen to no explanation. Grimes got his

pay and went home breathing vengeance against‘ 

both the manager and the company. Two morné
ings later the night watchman discovered a ﬁlm

in the machine-room. It was about three o’clock,‘. "
and he telephonedfor the ﬁre department. .» The 
ﬂames got a good headway before the ﬁremen ark .. ».
rived, and the entire plant was tpractically_+de«_

stroyed by six in the morning. 0 course every»?
bod was thrown out of wo , but as the Dover
wo s* held ‘important contracts, most of whiﬂi
were well under way, it was expected 'ﬁiat.‘

He discharged both men on the spot, and ’_ 

 

    

 FROM MILL TO MILLIONS 5

plant would be replaced with as little delay as
Possible

t__ _'Two days later two-thirds of the most skilled
— men were summoned to the oﬂice of _the company
in Dover, provided with transportation for them-
selves and their families and ordered to a certain
big steel plant that had just been erected in the
immediate vicinity of Pittsburg. _For some reason
John Harper was not included in this arrange-
ment. Neither was Fred Wheaton. Word. then
gstout that, the works were not to be rebuilt, at

~ not for some time, at any rate.

CHAPTER IV.—0ur H_eil'o Saves a Fair Young
ir .

, V The Dover Steels Works, however, was not the
‘ only steel plant in Dover. There was another and
» somewhat smaller one two blocks away.’ When

the fire put the Dover plant out of business it
left the Atlas Steel Works alone. in its glory. The
Atlas had never been a competitor of the Dover
Gun y, for it was not provided With‘ facilities
«Q for ' g the same kind of work. It was owned
' by one man who had made a_ fortune out of it,
but within the last few years its output had been
‘ decreasing because the bigger establish-
ments were able to turn out the same class of
steel‘ articles much cheaper. V
. _; ‘A plant that can turn _out 10,000 tons a day
 can undersell a plant turnin out only 1,000 tons,
 and the latter ﬁgure was e lmit of the Atlas.
 ,. The proieetors of the new steel combination had
made an offer to Mr. Bacon, the owner of the
A by‘which he was to turn his establishment
into e- pool and accept payment in bonds. The
;, oﬁer was not a very ﬂattering One: 38 tl'1°_ Steel

v trust did not intend to run the plaiit. bi_it siiiiply

‘ put it out of business, and the combination didn’t
 care much whether the offer was accepted or not.
 » Prohbly it was largely made with the object of
heading off subs uent criticisms as in their
- methods. It woul ’t look well for _the n_eWSP8-
. - pers to accuse the trust _of being a gigantic Octoe

rpus that used its superior advantages to crush
. out its small rivals. _ _

Hr. Bacon had the offer under consideration at
the time the Dover plant burned down, but a
week later he refused the terms offered. Now the
 owner of the Atlas Steel Works had the bulk _of
3*“ his fortune invested in a biﬁstone quarry a mile

{or-two outside of Dover. e shipped hl_S stone
over the same trunk line that carried his steel

‘ output. It may be considered a singular coinci-
dence that within a week after Mr. Bacon notiﬁed
 magnates he would continue his steel

‘plant on an independent basis, he received a com-

nluuication from the general freight agent of the
 idlroad that a change in -the reight schedule
v iygﬁld ortly go into eﬂect which would call for
  rates on steel and stone shipments. -Mr.

 V '

 

saw the ﬁne hand of the new trust
getting back at him, ‘but he couldn’t help himself.
i “As most of his steel contracts were completed
he decided to shut the Atlas works down and de-'
— »~ thatthe Dov Steel Wo_i_-ks did not-intend
 _ .. its plant been lookin around for
- ‘ temporary employment until _

_',j_3‘g'|ﬂ[qtting into the steel business 888llI._

._.-‘;-«-:.~ _... _ »‘ ' ‘ _

.’_v

 

When Fred Wheaton .

It is true he might have gone to Pittsburg and
applied for a job, but the conditions he would
have to face were much diﬁerent from the ones
he had been accustomed to at the Dover works.
That of itself would not have mattered so much
to him, as he was prepared to take things as they
came. The obstacle to his migrating to Pitts-

~ burg was that his mother and father could not

very well leave Dover, and they did not want him
to leave them. They owned a half interest in the
cottage where they lived, and it was neither con-
venient nor roﬁtable for them to transplant
their househo d goods ‘to Pittsbui-g.

As it was necessary for Fred to secure employ-
ment he began to hunt for it. After scouring the
town without satisfactory result he started one
afternoon for the Dover Stone Company’s quarry
to see if he could get anything to do there.
acquaintance had told him that he was likely to

, catch on.‘ It was a three-mile walk from Fred's

home to the quarry, but he didn’t mind that in
the least. ’He had ne about a mile down the
main road when he eard the rapid clatter of a

-horse's hoofs behind him. He turned around and

saw a young girl, clad in a handsome riding-
habit, mounted on a jet-black mare with a white
star in the centre of her forehead, approaching
at a quick gallop. At the same time a big un-
gainly threshing-machine, drawn by a team of.
horses, came out of the lane on the opposite side
of the road. vThe black mare, clearly startled by
the apparition, swerved abruptly from her course
and then stumbled, pitching her fair rider
straight over her head toward a big rock that
showed its face through the hedge. The 'rl
uttered a terriﬁed scream as she shot through he
air.

Fred realized her peril in a moment and spran
forward to intercept her ﬂight toward the rocﬁ
and catch her if he could. He stretched out his
arms and she landed against him with a shock
that drove him smack against the rock. He was
badly shaken up, perhaps hurt, but he did not
think ‘of that at the excitin moment. All he
was conscious of was that he ad saved thegii-1’s
life probably. She lay still and dazed in his arms
for several moments while one of the men con-
nected with the threshing-inachine can ht the
mare and held her. As Fred gazed into t e girl's
face he saw that she was a beauty. Her features
were as clear-cut and perfect as a cameo. Her
complexion was fair, with a deep pink blush,
brought out by the excitement of her ride which
the shock had not at all affected. By the time
Fred had noted her many personal advantages
she began to recover from _her bewilderment.
Lifting her head she looked hini full in the face,
and then in some confusion disengaged herself
from his embrace.

“You saved me," she said with a shy kind of
smile. ‘

“Yes, I guess I did,” he admitted. “X011
a nasty tumble, and were heading straight
thisrock when I caught you.” . \

She looked at the stone and the color ﬂed from
her cheeks. She realised what she had escaped.

.“How-can I ever thank you enough? I would

01'

mrohablyhavebeenkilledbutforyou. I_ainvei-y,
,v grateful to.you.” * _ -
gaegave him a‘look that made his heartbeat

quicker.

    

 c iv _ FROM M1i.L To MILLIONS

“You are welcome,” he answered. “I am glad I
was on hand to.do you a service.”
“I must know who you are.

name? Mine is Bessie Bacon.”

“Is your father the owner of the Atlas Steel
wzliiiessl”

“My name is Fred Wheaten.”

“Thank you. Will you tell me where you live?”

“On, Pimlico Street, near where this road leaves
town.

“Here is my card with my address.‘ Promise
me you will call at my home. Father and mother
gill wish to thank you for what you have done

or me.

Fred hesitated.

“I am much obliged to you for the invitation,
Miss Bacon; bu "

He paused, a bit embarrassed. ‘The Bacons
lived in the swellest house in the best residential
section of Dover, and Fred had some doubts as to
the figure he would cut in that quarter, for his
best suit was none too good.

“Have you any objection to calling on us?” she
asked in some surprise.

Fred put the matter as delicately as he could.

“Why, I think you look all right, ’ she said. “In

, any case, that wouldn’t make any difference with
‘us. Clothes don't always make the boy. You
ve done me a service that neither I nor my
rents can ever forget. You really must come.”

“Very well, 1 will do so since you insist.”

“Thank ou. Will you assist me on my horse?”

“Certain y,” replied Fred, walking with her to
the spot where the man was soothing the mare.

Fred helped her up and she dashed off, waving

V her hand to him.

What is your

CHAPTER V.—Averting a Catastrophe.

Fred; after exchanging a few words with the
man, continued on his way toward the quarry.
His thoughts during the rest of his walk were
. centered o the fair girl whom he had saved from
a severe ' not fatal accident. He was sure she
was the loveliest girl he had ever spoken to in his
life. He wished he was rich and-moved in the
same society she did so that he could frequently
 the pleasure of being with her.
ell, what’s the use of wishing for what can't
happen? I shall see her once more at her home,
and that will probably wind me up with her. I
am only a poor boy, and she is far above me in
wealth and socialposition. Still I feel it will be
a long time before I can get her out of my mind.
Beside her every other girl I know looks like
cents. Gee! What a look she gave me
when she thanked me for saving her life! It
knocked me almost si1ly.”

Although Fred knew that Miss’ Bacon's father,

was the proprietor of the Atlas Steel Works, he
did not know that he_was owner of the stone quar-
ry where he was gomgito look for 9. ‘ob of some
kind. Nor, of course, d he suspect t the girl
was bound for the qua herself. When he
reached his destination he ound himself upon a
scene of considerable activity. Suite :1 forcevt
‘men were at work on the groun . Near was
i as big derrick in o eration, in the act of owly

‘lifhng agreat bloc of stone out of a hole in the

 
 

A gang of men were at work in the excavation,
seemingly obvious of the fact that the irregular-
shaped rock, weighing many tons, was soaring
above their heads, suspended in the grasp of a
four-pronged steel grip that looked very fragile
in comparison to the weight it held on to. .-

The point of each prong was inserted into a
hole made to receive it, and the heavier the strain
upon them the closer the points clung.

Four men were turning the Windlass that drew
in the steel chain tackle around a steel drum at
the base of the derrick. ~*

It seemed astonishing that four ordinary men
could turn the windlass with such a weight at the
end of the derrick arm.

The reason lay in the mechanical principle em-
ployed in the tackle.

The block at the point'of the arm had four
wheels, and the block at the head of the prongs
had four wheels, too

The steel chain ran around each of these wheels
and ﬁnally down to the Windlass.

The weight did not come so muclr on the wind-
lass as on the blocks.

Fred stood watching this work with great in-
terest, andit was some minutes before he became
aware of the presence of a ﬁne-looking gentleman
in the company of a pretty girl—the very girl
whose life he had recently saved. '

He was rather surprised at seeing her at the
quarry, and a certain likeness between her and
the gentleman told Fred that he was Mr. Bacon,
her father.

After recognizing the young lady the boy

' looked more at her than he did at the great stone

rising slowly out of the pit.

As his aze turned once more on the rock he
noticed with a sudden thrill that one of the prongs
was slipping out of its hole.

The hole had either been imperfectly drilled, or
the prong carelessly set. "

His heart leaped into his throat, for the great
weight hung practically over the heads of the
working gang below. +

“Good Lord!” he ﬂuttered. “If that prong slips
out the stone is sure to fall! And then-—”

The peril that hung over those men galvanized
Fred into instant action.

“Look out! he roared down into the pit. “Look
out for your lives! The stone is slipping!”

Like a clarion note his warning cry rose above
the‘c1icking.of the drills and the ringing blows-of
the hammers. .

The men below stopped work with one accord
and looked up in a startled way. ,

They seemed to understand that the rock was
in danger of falling; but instead of huddling
against the far wall of the pit, out of direct range
of the stone, they, as if moved by one impulse,

‘made a blind rush for the ladder which stood

almost under the sus
As they had to wait their turn, and in their ex—
citement pushed and incommoded one another,

pehded rock.

',11:_1l:y only jumped from the frying-pan into the
It seemed almost certain that most of them 

were doomed to be crushed. ‘ .
But at that thrilling moment Fred, who had
fhepthis wits about him, saw a baregchance to savé

’ The stone ‘had ‘just risen above the level of  

>3.

    

 FROM MILL T0 MILLIONS

ground and the ‘rope attached to the ring.con-
nected with the four prongs hung limply in the
III. .

. Usually a man held the end of this ro in his
hand ready to swing the rock away mm the
mouth of the pit to a resting spot some little dis-
tance away.

For some reason this man was not at his post.

Fred spran down from the elevation on which
he and Mr. acon and his daughter stood, and
made a frantic grab at the rope.

Seizinﬁeit he exerted all of his strength and
swung creaking derrick arm with its slipping
burden away from the excavation.

He had not acted a moment too soon.

Barely was the stone two-thirds of its bulk
away from the ground when the prong lost its
grip and that end of the heavy block struck the

ground with a dull thud.
The other end remained suspended about a foot

I from the level of the excavation.

~ The men at the windlass stopped turning, fear-

’ ful, now that they understood the situation, that

‘notioefrom

if they lowered the free end of the rock the great
block might slip back into the hole.
was no danger, however, of such a thing

.. happening, as the greater part of the stone rested

on the level ground. -

' I-‘red, satisﬁed that he had saved the lives ‘of the
nun, and that all‘ danger was now over, dropped
the rope and started to walk away.

But he was not allowed to get away without
notice.

The ﬁrst couple of men who got out of -the ex-
cavation had ‘seen and a preciated what he had
done, and they told the ot era as they tumbled‘ up.

The grateful quarrymen surrounded Fred, all
eager to shake him by the hand and thank him
for the service he had rendered them.

The men at the windlass would have taken part
in this'ovation but that they dared not leave their

“You deserve a gold medal, you fellow!”
cried one of the men enthusiastically. _ _
~“You showed great presence of mind," said

“More than half of us would have been ground
to In a pulp but for you!” interjected a third.

“You're a wonder,” said _a fourth admiringly.

3 your name?" inquired a ﬁfth.

Fred gave them his name.

“Three cheers for Fred Wheaton!” said the man
who had asked his name.

The cheers were, iven with a vigor that at-
lparts of the quarry.
. It was only with considerable diﬂiculty that he
managed to extricate himself from the enthusias-
tic bunch of grateful workmen and regain his

’ former position on the top of the slope.

5.

 ‘CHAPTER VI.—,Our Hero Calls on the Bacons.

 

 - ‘.‘Young man," said Mr. Bacon to Fred, “your
-‘ gpresenee of mind and prompt action in a terrible

   

 

merits my sincerest admiration and

 ppmciaﬁom I must know who you are.
_ service as you have just performed is en-

titled to some substantial recognition.” _

4,‘-,1‘ faﬂier, this is Mr. Wheaton, the boy who

HEVQIIIIBO‘ theroad when Princeasstunibled and

threw meover her head!” eried,Bessie Bacon,

la.

 

7

coming forward and favoring Fred with an ad-
miring glance. '

“Are you really the boy who saved my daughter
frigib being dashed against a rock?” asked the
na

Fred acknowledged that he was the boy.

Mr. Bacon shook his hand with great warmth
and thanked him in feeling terms for the priceless
service he had rendered Bessie.

“And now you have saved the lives of per-
haps a dozen _men by your quick perception of a
critical situation and rapid action in doing the
right thing at the right moment. Upon my word,
you are not an ordinary boy. I must know more
of you,” said the magnate.

Mr. Bacon soon drew from the boy the fact that
he had been employed for several rs by the
Dover Steel Works, and had been wn out of
work by the destruction of the plant.

The gentleman questioned him about what he
knew of- the steel business, and was surprised at-
the extent of his general knowledge.

“It is almost ridiculous that a boy with your
head should be out of a position," he said “Why,
the steel barons of Pittsburg are looking for just
Such P901316 as you appear to be. They would give
you an opening in a minute and push you for-
ward to a place adapted to the display of your
tallgnts.” 1

_ re exp ained why he could not ve well 0 to
Pittsburg at that moment. ry g

“I T111155 take any kind of work I’ can get in
Dover for the present. I haven't been very for-
tunate in catching on to anything as yet. I came
out here this afternoon because 1 was told there
was a good chance of getting something to .lo here
at this quarry."

“Tut! tut! Wheaton, this is no work for you. '
You would only be wasting time that can be more
usefully as well as pro tably employed,” said
Mr. Bacon.

f‘Probably so,
plied Fred.

"Don't W017)’. I will See that You get suitable
employment."

“Thank you, sir. I suppose
me a place in your works?”

“I am about to shut down my plant.”
mgnthut down your plant!" cried Fred in atonish.

“Yes. The formation of the steel trust has
practically put me out of business. A small in-
dependent steel plant like mine can hardly be run
proﬁtably under the new condition of things,” re-
plied Mr. Bacon. , _

“I don't see why not, in your case," replied

but one must hustle to live,” re-

You intend to give

“It would take me too lon to explain that now.
but if on are anxious to un erstand the why and
where ore I will take great pleasure in making,
the matter clear to you when you call at our
home, as I understand from my daughter you.
have promised to do.”

“I hardly expected to have the pleasure of see-
in you again so soon, Miss Bacon,” said Fred
po itely. ‘I hope you have felt no unpleasant
eﬂects from your fall." ’

. “'1_‘hank ou, Izhave not. I may also say that I
did not lop to see you here, and am very glad to
meet you again. It seems as if Providence direet-I

 

ed your steps this way, for had you not been a

I

    

  

 

8 FROM MILL TO MILLIONS

em: I shudder to think what might have occurred.
This is my father’s quarry, and besides saving the
lives and limbs of many of his workers, you/have
undoubtedly saved him a lot of money, for had
i the accident taken place it must have led to legal
complications. He has thanked you himself, but
I also wish to add my own thanks, and also to
express the admiration I feel for your wonder-
ful act in such an appalling emergency.
Fred bowed, and Mr. Bacon, walking away to
have a talk with his superintendent, left them

. together.

“My father will reward you for saving the
men's lives,” she said.

“I don’t want any reward for doing my duty,
Miss Bacon,” he answered.

“Oh. but you must accept something, Mr.
Wheaten. My father would not be satisﬁed to let
such a service as yours pass without some token
of his appreciation.”

"He has thanked me and so have you. That is
all that is necessary.”

“Surely you will let my father do something for
you, won’t you? You are looking for work. He
can put you in the way of a position suitable to

talents.”

“I don’t object to that, Miss Bacon. Anything
in that line will be gratefully appreciated. I am
sorry he intends c osing down his works. I
should like to work there. I have given particular
study to the class of product‘that your father
turns out. In fact, I think I have discovered an
improved ‘and chea r method of steel manufac-
ture that I would ' e to demonstrate. If your
father would give me a chance to show him what
I can do before he closes down altogether I should
consider it a great favor.” ‘

“Lay the matter before him when you call on
us, and if he thinks your ideas practical he will
develop them in your interest,” she replied. “I
don’t think, however, that my father cares to
carry on the steel business any longer. He is get-

‘ alon in years, and the management of two

' erent ‘d3 of business is more than he cares
to have on his shoulders. He had a chance to sell
out -to_ the steel trust, but the terms offered were
so ridiculously low that he refused the oﬁer. If
he could ﬁnd a man or men willing to run the
works as an independent concernhe would make
easy terms for the disposal of the plant. He is

vvery much 0 posed to the methods of the trust,
however, an will sooner close his establishment
than have anydealings with the combination."

Th conversed together for twen minutes,
when . Bacon Joined them and said e guessed

‘#88 time for them to go home.

' “When will you call on us, Mr. Wheaten? May
we look for you tomorrow evening?” Bessie Ba-
con said with one of_her bewitching looks that
had already quite captivated Fred. _ ,

“Yes, I will call tomorrow evemng.”

“V well. We will look for you.” _ _

 and his daughter then wished him
good-afternoon and went over to the superintend-
ait’s omce, where their horses were tied. Pre-
vious to parting with him the nabob introduced

~ the to the superintendent and asked him to

about the txiarry, which that omcial
Itwasalniostsun_ow_nbythe_tiineFred.got
hate, and-then he had quite a thrilling story to

I parentstth -tabl. Ontheflv
..  evening he  m§ with unustfal

care and set out to pay his promised visit to the
Bacons. " _,

A natty-looking servant ‘admitted him to the
parlor and took his name upstairs. Bessie came
down first and greeted him with much cordiality,
telling him how pleased she was to have him call.
Her gracious manner put him quite at his ease.
After they had talked together for a short time
her mother and father entered the room. ' Mr.
Bacon spoke to him in a ver friendly way and
introduced him to his wife. rs. Bacon then took
occasion to thank Fred for saving her daughter's
life. The boy assured her that he was very happy
to have been of service to Miss Bacon, and said
he appreciated their kindness in inviting him to
their home.

“You must come often, Mr. Wheaton,” said-
Mrs. Bacon. “We are too much indebted to you
to allow you to drop out from our notice. You
are welcome to come any time that is convenient

0 you.” -

“Thank you, Mrs. Bacon,” replied Fred grate-
iully, for he felt they were doing him a great

onor.

He welcomed the privilege thus extended to him
of seeing Bessie Bacon occasionally, and did not
intend to abuse it by calling too often. The eve-
ning was passed in social converse, interspersed
with some music by Miss Bessie, who also sang
several songs in a most bewitching manner. Mr.
Bacon said he would be glad to see Fred at his
oﬂice connected with the Atlas works next day at
eleven o'clock, when they would have an 0 por-
tunity to talk business. Bessie accompanie him
to the door when he got up to go, and she invited
him to call soon again. He promised to do so,
and left feeling that he had never had such a
ﬁleasant evening in his life before. On his way

ome he conjured u some ridiculous air-castles,
of which Miss Bessie was the chief ﬁgure, and
‘vivhen he fell asleep she ﬁgured largely in his
reams.

CHAPTER VII.—0ur Hero Comes Into Control
‘ of the Atlas Steel Works.

At eleven next day Fred called at the Atlas
Steel Works, which was now running with a much
reduced force. All the men had received notice
that the establishment would soon be closed down
for an indefinite period‘, and the conjectured
that Mr. Bacon had sold out to e new trust.
Mr. Bacon was in his office and Fred was shown.
in at once. He said he wanted to know just what
Fred's ambitions were in the steel line and prom-
ised to help him to the best of his ability. '

“My present ambition, Mr. Bacon, is a chance
to demonstrate and develop certain new ideas in
the manufacture of steel,’ began Fred. “I will
tell ou what these are if u wish to hear me.”

“ ertainly,” said the n b with an air of in-
terest. “I shall be pleased to learn of any n to-
date im rovement in the steel line, particuﬁi-ly-
when vanced by you, dor it may simplify my
efforts to he] you along in the channel but
adapted for t e development of your talents."

Fred proceeded to explain his method to Mr.
Bacon, ilustrating his statements with roughly
made drawin he had himself prepared and-
brought with ‘m. The magnate showed his in.-i
terest by the perfect attention he gave to hit

  

FROM Mini. TO MILLIoNs

‘young visitor’s words. The Atlas works _made a
specialty of high-grade steel adapted particularly
to the manufacture of edge tools. The Dover
Steel Works had, on the contrary, been equipped
to turn out a. lower quahty of steel intended for
the manufacture of rails, car wheels, and such
things, too numerous to mention. The Bessemer
process was used in both works, and was consid-
ered the best-known method since Sir Henry Bes-
semer, an En lishman, invented it in 1855.
Fred was t oroughly "acquainted with the Bes-
semer method of making steel, and he knew to
, the fraction of a cent the exact cost of_making a
ton of it. The boy, impressed by the increasing
improvements and new inventions constantly com-
ing to the front in this wideawake country, felt

4 ‘satisﬁed that the Bessemer method could either
_ -. be improved upon, or at least its cost of produc-

tion reduced. Somebody was bound to do it in
time, why not he? So he_ gave his earnest atten-
tion to the matter, and Just before the destruc-
tion of the Dover works he believed he had solved
part of the problem—that of making steel at a
considerable saving of the raw material, which is
iron. It. was his plan for doing this that he ex-
plained to Mr. Bacon, and the magnate was much
impressed by his description.

‘I should like to demonstrate the matter before
you close your works, Mr. Bacon,“ he said. “If
you will give me the chance I think I can prove
to you that I have a point or two the better of
the steel trust.” , _

“You shall have the chance to give me a prac-
tial demonstration of your method, which I am
bound to say appeals greatly to me,” replied Mr.

Fred then asked the nabob to tell him just why
he had decided to go out of the steel business.
Mr. Bacon did so, furnishing him with facts and

’ — ﬁgures, and showing him the printed circular re-



ceived from the general freight agent of the rail-
road notifying him of an increased schedule of
prices, with especial reference to steel, stone, and

' oﬂier weighty freight.

” railroad companies are evidently intend-
ing to make money at the expense of the new
steel trust," said Fred innocently. “And of course
independent manufacturers will have to suffer,
too.

“Don’t you believe that, young man,” said Mr.
Bacon. “The big men connected with the steel
trust are a power in railroad corporations as well.
The rise in rates is intended to kill off the inde-
pendent steel plants that have refused to sacri-
ﬁce themselves to the trust. There is no doubt in
 d but the products of the combine, while

at the new rate, will be entitled to a secret
rebate not accorded to outsiders. The railroads
, in this country are run in the interests of certain

  

 

 industries; and inretum for their conces-

- none the rsons favored inﬂuence legislation in
 of ti railroads. It is simply the old say-

llligisscratch my back and I’ll scratch yours.’ ”

;_ . wasnewstoFredi_naway,tlioughhehad.

of it in the newspapers, and had heard
it time’ and n '

gain.

daft think that's a fair deal,” he replied.
Taft fair; but what are you gang to do

The moncﬁd men control the situation.
done according to law. no doubt, but
twisted nowadays‘ expert lo l
to: degree never di-earned before.

it

I

is true that money will sway the decisions of
some judges and the voting power of i’.-gislators,
what chance has even the ordinary well-to-do
maln against the combined inﬂuence of vast cap-
ita ?” «

“What chance?” echoed Fred. “His brains. If
I was the owner of this plant and the railroads
discriminated against me I’d not try to run my
head against a stone wall, but endeavor to outwit
them if I could by thinking out some way of get-
ting around the handicap.”

Mr. Bacon smiled. Fred was young and en-
thusiastic, but inexperienced. ﬁme day he’d un-
derstand that the stone wall in question could not
be easily got around. Fred had several other in-
terviews with the magnate, and finally he came to
the works one morning prepared to put his ideas
into practice with the assistance of one of the
foremen and a number of the regular hands. The
experiments he made soon demonstrated the value
of his discovery to the satisfaction of Mr. Bacon.
The magnate saw that his process, with especial
reference to high-grade steel, was a winner, and
offered to defray all the expenses of obtaining a
patent on it in his name. Fred gratefully ac-
cepted his offer. '

“Your discovery, which cheapens the cost of
steel manufacture, in my line at least, makes it

possible for me to meet the competition of the .

trust and continue my business at a satisfactory
proﬁt,” said Mr. Bacon to him.
“I'm glad to hear it,” said Fred. '
“Still I have decided that it is time for me t

withdraw from the business. I feel that I have
money enough to aﬁord to retire from the active
direction of the works and devote my attention
solely to the quarry. Under ordinary conditions
I would endeavor to sell out to one or more steel
men with capital, but I have concluded to adopt
another course-—a course that will enable me to
repay in a measure the debt of gratitude I feel
toward you. From the day you introduced your-'
self in such a striking way to my notice I have
taken an uncommon interest in you, because you
have shown yourself to be a boy with abilities
much above the common. This discovery of yours
has demonstrated that steel is your forte, and
that, if you live, you will surely come to the front
and make your mark. I have sized on up
fully and find you have not only ambition, energy
and talent, but that you possess executive ability.
Your only handicaps are youth and lack of ex-
perience, which time will overcome. Very well, I
am going to_make you a business propositidn, 1
will have this plant_appraised and turn it over
to you at the valuation put upon it. I will loan

you a suﬂicient capital to enable you to run it for’-'

one year under whatever conditions your man-
agement may bring about. You will have my su-
perintendent at_your elbow to give you advice,
and _my managing bookkeeper to assist you in
ﬁguring on contracts. In fa , the entire re-
sources of my establishment be placed at your
service, in addition. to my personal advice at all
times. In other wor goo will step into my
shoes as the real head the Atlas works, and
your ﬁnal decisionon all business matters will be
law. You will assume the responsibilities of the
conduct of a large steel indusrty, and the zen]:
will be up to you. If success crowns your et.
forts, as  believe it will, shall pa me fog» an
plant at its appraised ﬂation, an 40: the up

9 .

care- ,

 T Q” ',..».’»i»»« ~"""‘ '

0

 

 ‘-10 V‘ ' ‘FROM MILL T0 MILLIONS

.. V of my money at the prevailing rate of interest, con’s offer, although he had practically made its
thus relieving_ you of any_ob1igation ‘to me other his mind at the start what he intended to do, an
than the special opportunity I am giving you‘to then he told the magnate that he had decided to
make a start for yourself in the /line for which accept his proposition. Mr. Bacon called on his
you are so particu arly adapted. Do you accept lawyer and instructed him to draw up the papers
my offer?” _ necessary to cover the legal aspects of the case.

_ , Fred listened to the magnate in great aston— In the meanwhile application had been made in

I _ ishment. He could hardly believe the evidence of Fred’s name for a patent covering his new steel

‘ . _ his ears. It was just.as if a good fairy had sud- process, and the documents sent to a patent ﬁrm
'  denly appeared to him and promised that his at Washington. Inside of a week after Fred
most ambitious dreams were to be realized at made his decision he found himself the proprietor
once. He stared at Mr. Bacon for a moment or of the Atlas Steel Works, with a perfectly ap-

two after the ntleman ceased speaking. pointed plant for turning out the kind of steel
 “Do you re ly mean that, Mr. Bacon?” he used in the manufacture of edge tools, watch
_' asked at length, almost incredulously. syrings, etc., but with comparatively few orders

r “I certainly do. The offer is open for you to on hand to keep his hands busy.
accept or reject. Don’t answer me now offhand.
, Take a few days to give it your earnest consider-
; ation. You know both my managing accountant
 “N my 811 rintendent 368‘ b°Ph °f them and CHAPTER VIII.—The News That Set Phil
 talk over al points connected with their duties. ' Grimes om
Weigh the matter well before coming to your de-. \
_' cision, and don't forget that this is probably the one of the first changes Fred had decided to
'.m" ’ turning‘ P031“? in 7°11!‘ career» 3"? that the mad make in his working force was to replace the
if 70“ elect 150 take Will largely decide the measure foreman of the furnace-room with John Harper
. . nfﬁlour future success.” _ who was still out of a job. This did not give 
 I at ¢l°5€d the "W°1'V"’~‘," and ,Fred left .the to any hard feelings on the part of the former
’ steel works in a state of wild elation and excite‘ foreman, as he had already secured a new situa-
 ag “lent: 33 if ]3b°1'“‘E under _the mﬂueme °f W“? °f tion at Pittsburg. In fact, half the workmen had
;  those marvelous dreams which come to the victims arranged to go to other establishments’ fa, as
" 7 ‘-01’ the hashish d1'“8- He Fushed 11°11‘? and laid soon as they learned deﬁnite] that Mr. Bacon in-
Hr. Bacon's oiI_er before his father an_d_mother. tended to close his works 1: ey began to mu“,
'3“ Danna £3111? 835994 at the P°S$11?1_11?‘°5 lt fur other jobs. The announcement of the change
opened for their son, but the responsibilities he in arrangements was made only 8 she“ time_be_
* ~mlI8t 388111118 in taking “Ch, 3 b“-51,3955‘ "W" M5 * fore the date set for shutting down the works,
, . z ansgd °&'ﬂP3'};1lf1V¢3)Y ;ge=;§§if)1§§lc;dc°::A$1el; and all workmen who had Illot made other plans
.. _ can , F» 63 11 were notiﬁed that they won d be put to work as
I; whether Fred was ual to the task. came - _
H '' “Such luck doesneg; come in the way _of one s0oFI“r¢?¢ls, lfiﬁinmhtlfscttsof all 4:? Mr. Bacon’: cus- .
-" smart boy in ten thousand, Fred,” he said. “I_t tomers, st_arte in at once to secure work to
L ~_is-the chance of your life, and you_mustn t let it his establishment running. With his-new math.
  by you if you feel you have lb. in you _to sm_:- of producing steel at a lower cost than usualihe
eeed. gar. Bitgon, Iham sug, n3tw‘i&hstEandii;gc hdis was éadblte) todbidteforl contréicts alt i; ﬁgure that
esire pus you ea 0 o gra i u e seem in ice. a oss. evera o r. Bacon's‘
2 ' or the service you renderedhis daughter, would biggest customers, whom he had allowed to sli g
" not-oﬂer to_ turn his business over to you and lend away from him, were recovered by_ Fred throu
youa considerable catﬁital, too, if he did not have his reduced schedule of prices. Inside of a month ,
j,_ strong impression at you are capable of run- work began coming in at a very satisfactory rate _ .,
' the plant.” and the boy informed Mr. Bacon that he wo ‘ ’ i_
i ‘ am conﬁdent I_ can run it successfully, make good proﬁt_on all his new contracts in spite . .;,
father; but my ambition goes beyond that. I of increased freight charges. Another chan '
mean to build it up through the advantage I pos- that Fred made was to hire Albert Johnson, 
, pen-in in steel discovery. This is the one wea- day watchman of the Dover works, for night.
 that’ depend upon to hold my own against watchman._ .  
steel _trust. The first move on the_part of the Johnson immediately brought the d  on 
‘ combination is now going into operation-—this is the premises to help him guard the esta lishmeiit. I
W ‘ to force out of business eve steel plant that at- Most of the reinaining employees of the Dover=;o._
'-taniptsto run on an indepen ent basis. The trust works had drifted to other towns where they ago ’ Q
 power of an enormous ‘ca ital and the cured work in the steel mills. Phil Grimes and ~
j 9 go ofthe big plants at its.bac , but in spite Gri , the engineer, did not follow suit.
*c‘§i§':.3'.'" in '°"*° °“**b“*‘;"°:;‘*..:'::* 2:3; §?.‘r‘Eoo.‘i".’.§"tii2 i3£§‘°‘ P?:."‘%::."?:" "' ‘’*° *'°*
’ oe r own way, A _ wor ,_ i was some
gage hats are g to proﬁt when the steel before Grime learned to his amazement and
sniagiia , estabhs a new tang on steel. The gust that Fred Wheaton had become the head‘
-usﬂgeworks, by producing the highest rade steel the Atlas establishment. It was his son. __ _ a
at; lower coat than any other e_sta lishment, who brought him the intelligence, one day  .;
big, can manufacture lt,.Wlll be able to he“c81'I'led his dinner-pail to him just  -
’  ataxia, and once ,1 shall hive steered ' Say dad, what do you think?‘ said  ,4
V ; _w|t3I, my, road-to forums ought to be agreealileyouth. “_You know Fred Wheaten ‘ m?’
I ,aad-—Jwe._’.'- replied the boy conﬁdently» . ' you romiled to lick for me and y .. 
»  -o.'!-«gﬁyhsg-tqtlior.  v ii‘! ea, 1- knoy gs ‘I|.P;'’‘zrowlecl“.‘ :
 .30   I ' - -.

 

if

I

tit?

13’

  
  

   
         

     

 1‘-
I .
' “'- “Ben Williams told me that he has bought out
’ ‘the Atlas Steel Works.” ,

 “Bought out the Atlas Steel Works?” roared
Grimes, senior. “Are you crazy? How could he
;buy out that place? Why, he hasn't money
‘en to buy the sign over the .door without talk-
;in’ a tit anythin’ else.” _
' “He's the boss of it, just the same,” nodded
Tom, who knew his father_didn’t like to hear such
news, and he took a malicious satisfaction in rub-
bing it in on his old man, for it was his nature
to enjoy the discomﬁture of others.
' Phil Grimes stared at his son. .

“How dare you come in here with such a yarn
as that?” he snarled. “Do you take me for a
fool?”

“Ben’s father works in the furnace-room, and
he ought to know who is runnin’ the place. And
I've more news for you. Harper, whom you tried
to do up at the Dover works when the dog chawed
your arm, is now foreman of the Atlas furnace-
‘ room.”

_ “The dickens he is!” snorted Grimes, senior. “I
./‘ thought he was workin’ in the railroad yard.”

‘ “So he was for a while, but now he’s at the

Atlas wor .”

5 ‘ The ﬁreman uttered a string of imprecations,

"- for he hated Harper, and didn t want to see him

‘get along. It had been balm to his soulto learn

that the foreman had been obliged to_take an in-

ferior job, and it was now gall and wormwood for

him to hear that the man had got back on his

ar work again. He forgot what his son had

 .130 d him about Fred Wheaton, for he didn't credit

‘ a statement that seemed to be preposterous on its

face, and began to assail I-Ia r,‘ as though his

words would have any other eﬁect than to recoil

on himself, as such things usuallydo sooner or

: a Tour Grimes chuckled as he noticed how furious

* his father got. He’fanned his anger by hinting

- that Harper was getting more money now than

he had at the Dover works, a fact that was not
His father ﬁnally got so wrought up that
he seized his precious son by the collar of his
jracket and kicked him out of the boiler-room.
om resented this treatment by xﬁicking up a big
Iiluip of coal and throwing it at is old man, hit-
$ him in the chest. Then he took to his heels
got out of the neighborhood. Phil Grimes was
x boiling mad when the noomwhistle blew, and he
took Ms dinner-pail into the engine-room to eat
with Griggs, as was his custom.

“What in thunder ails you, Grimes?” asked the

 engineer. “You look mad enough to chew a
— spike.”

. ’ It was some minutes before _the ﬁreman would
qien his mouth, then he explainal to Griggs the
_ cause-of his rage.
 ‘ “Oh, that is it, eh?” said Griggs, to whom the
' ': Statement that John Harper had gone to work for
’ ' ﬁe Atlas works was news. “What do you care?"
c"‘I hate to see the cus holdin’ up his head
again.” replied Grimes. _. - -
 e‘="‘You’re asd sgre on him bots hevenftheln? ‘I
‘ fxillmlght you oi-gotten a t im, or ain
i  hard you mention his name lately.’

 l'~.'K§5,+"<'.'i':~‘w~“)1-¢“'-'15 urn’ ~  v

   
 

.‘__ . e
.1 .

-1

FROM MILL TO MILLIONS.

,Wheaton, who was employed

-

He doesn’t live so far from you but you can easily
reach him if you wanted tot"
::I’ll ﬁx him yet,” snorted the ﬁreman. .
How_about that boy, young Wheaton? You
were going to ﬁx him for setting the watchman’s
élgagnon you. And you were goingto kill the dog,
"‘I_ ain’t had no chance,”

_ replied Grimes
evasively.

“Why don't you make a chance, then? I would/ .

if I had it in for anyone as “bad as you've got it
in for Harper, Wheaten, and the dog!”

‘Don’t you worry about me. I'll reach ’em yet."

The engineer said nothing more on the subject.
He was satisﬁed that Grimes was afraid to do
anything except when under the temporary ex-
citement of passion. ’

I m goin’ to lick that boy of mine when I get
home tonight,” said the ﬁreman after a pause. ..

:What for?” asked the engineer.

He lied to me for one thing, and threw a lump
of coal at me for another,” said Grimes in an ugly
tone that boded no good for his hopeful heir.

“Lied to-you. eh? _If I caught one of my kids
at that game I'd skin him alive.”

11.

“Yes, he had the gall to tell me that he heard I

that Fred Wheaton had bought out the Atlas
Steel Works.”

“He was only joshing you. That’s too ridicu-
lous to be considered lie.”

“Of course it is, but Tom insisted that the fact
was true. That’s what made me mad. Told me
to go around to the Atlas works and I'd ﬁnd out
what he said was true." , ‘ .
th“Ma,ybe he meant that Wheaton has caught on
ere.

“No. h d'd ’t h th' th 1:.
said Wheiitoln I;vass?lrien;’ie:mboss.'l’ng as 8 Eve

“New boss! Why, I heard that Bacon had sold
out to the trust.” .

f‘That ain’t nothin’ to do with the matter. Tom
said that Wheaten had bought the plant and was
ruiinin’ _it himself. Of course I knowed it was a
lie, but it made me mad just the same. Tom hates
the fellow as much as I do, and I don't know what
made him bring such a cock-and-bull story to me.”

“He wanted to set you off, I guess,” replied an
engineer, who was not unacquainted with young
Grimes’ methods. _ -

“Well, I'll dust his jacket in good shape as soon
2% I llay my hands on him, ’ replied the ﬁreman

m y.

At that moment the engineer of a near~by plant.

who was oﬂ’ for the day, came in to see Griggs.
“Hello, Buskirk! How's things?” asked Gnggg,
“Same as usual," answered the visitor.

“Say, your . place is near the Atlas. Steel
W01'k8."’ said Griggs. “Have you heard whether
Bacon has sold out to the trust?"

“_No, he didn't sell to the trust. He turned the
business over to a young fellow named Fred
. in your old estab-
lis‘l‘i;nVe‘nt;_b(etf}<l>‘i’-te’9el ﬁre wiped it an?» .

a's . amost sped nggs “Bug.
turned his business over t? Fred Wheaten? You
don't expect me to believe that, do you?’ _

“It's a fact whether you_ believe it or not."

   

‘4‘--"lake will‘h’e him."v’ Kati: G‘ iookéaatche Grnnee;

‘llama. 3i'_- icJ.’.'i5°a‘o’“i.s_........v5‘»’°' _» ~°- «vljtﬁfwheami. ,y‘1“'s‘£y.»i.e..s.i-
 yoiithreatenliinialotoftimes. “Hessniarterthana lnﬂnylnagjujth
 same. Didn't youpheai-I owhesaveaggu‘-gs

     

   

    

_”_ ..

  
      

 '“'agent (1 tedtol k'to'th matter.
.» qtme t:aI§ov:1!'“:nid  out ‘Ihat the Atlas

  

12

stone—drillers out at the Dover quarries about two
months ago? It was in the papers.”

“Yes, I read about it. Anybody could have
swung that derrick around if they'd been stand-

" \ ing in the right place to do it, like he was.”

“The pafpers gave him a lot of credit for his
resence 0 mind. I judge he’s a clever chap, or
e wouldn't be put at the head of the steel

works." _ _ ‘ .

“Is this straight goods you’re giving me?” said
Gri s incredulously. _ _

“ on mean about the boy being in charge at the
Atlas works?”

“Yes.”

“It's a fact. If you doubt me, go to the oﬂice of
the establishment and inquire. My nephew is
shipping clerk, and he ‘told me that Wheaton is
hisnew boss.” _ _

“Well, I'll be jiggered! How in thunder did he
get his ﬂukes in there?” _

“Blessed if I know.” _ _
. “Bacon must be a fool to put’a boy like that in

charge of his plant.”

“It isn’t his plant any more. It belongs to

D

Wheaton.

“Tell that to the marines! Where would that
kid get the money to buy out the works and run
it with the payroll they have there?” asked
Griggs with a snort. _

“Don't ask me. I don’t know anything about
his business.” _ _

“Blaine me if I ever heard anything like that
before,” growled ('_;riggs. “Why, it is absurd on
the face. That kid don’t know anything about
runnin a steel plant. He was a sort of _ack-of-
all-business at the Dover works. Seemed to me
he ran errands for the superintendent more than
anything else.” _ _

Buskirk shrugged his shoulders, as if the mat-

’ ter didn't particularly interest him.

“Your son didn't lie to you, after all,” said
Griggs to Grimes, ‘‘so you’ll have to call that
licking off.”

“Call nothin’ off,” wled the ﬁreman. “If he
didn't lie he ﬁred a piece of coal at me, and I in-
tend to take satisfaction out of his hide.” _

“Well, now you know that young _Wheaton is
bossing things at the Atlas works, what do you
think about it?” _

Grimes said something that wouldn’t look well
in rint, and then walked out into the boiler-room
looking as if something he had Just eaten had dis-

agreed with him.

CHAPTER ix.—'our Hero Receives a Splendid
’ Oﬁer.

- Two months from the time that Fred Wheaton
took charge of the Atlas Steel Works the lant
was running to the limit of its capacity, an _had
many orders ahead that couldn’t be handled right

away. One of the concerns taken in by the trust,
which turned out the same grade of steel the At-
las did, lost two important orders to the inde-

en_t establishment, and the matter was
, ht to the attention of tlie.steel moguls. ﬁn
e

- T‘ was crowded with work. He also learned
 <'.Mr.‘~Baemi reported to  out of the

.i_-

- in my safe deposit box. to keep the works

 

" , , .1 .-. - , i», V

. .._x.‘-» w- -

FROM MILL T0 MILLIONS

Interviewing the magnate he found that the re-
port was true. Investigation showed him that the
new owner of the works was a boy not more than
nineteen years of age. In addition to the fore-
going facts he discovered that the secret of the
fresh activity at the Atlas establishment was the
employment of an improved process for turning
out high-grade steel, which enabled the new ro-'
prietor to take contracts at a lower price
Mr. Bacon had ever done similar work for, or the
trust was asking. What the process was he
couldn't learn, but he ascertained that Wheaton
was the discoverer of it.

Apparently the Atlas plant could take orders
lower than before, pay the higher freight charges,
and still do business at a proﬁt. He returned to
Pittsburg and reported the facts to the president
of the trust. His statement was received with
surprise and some incredulity. An oﬂicer high in
the conﬁdence of the president was sent to Dover
to make sure that the a ent had reported nothing
but the truth. He veriﬁed everything and so re-_
ported on his return. A few days later another
trusted representative of the steel combine
reached DOVer and called upon Fred Wheaton.
I-Ie handed the boy his card.

“Glad to meet you, Mr. Clarke,” said Fred. “In
what way can I serve you?”

“I understand that you have bought out Mr.
Bacon?” said the visitor.

“Yes, sir.”

“Are you the sole owner, or do you represent
others in the background ?” '

“I am the sole roprietor.”

. ow, Mr. Wheaton, you seem to
g a larger business than the late owner
did for at least a year back. This, I have been
told, is due to some kind of improved‘process for
cheapening the cost of manufacture. Is this
true?” .

“It is." -

“Are you the inventor of this process?”

“Yes, sir.”

_“Are you aware that the Steel Corporation, of
Pittsburg, made Mr. Bacon an offer for this plant
which he thought proper to refuse?”

III am’)!

“Are you willing to entertain a very liberal
offer for this plant, payable in bonds of the Steel
Corporation, at their market value, and ' g
with it a responsible osition in the employ of the
corporation at a year y salary commensurate with
the value of your new process, which is to become
the property of the corporation?"

“No, sir. I prefer to run this plant on an hi-
dependent basis,” replied Fred.

“Without questioning your judgment," contin-
ued his caller suavely, “I take the liberty of say-
ing that I think it would be very much to your
advantage to join the Steel Corporations. I have
no doubt that in addition to a large salary a con-

tract would be made with you which would entitle -

you to a very considerable royalty on your inven-
tion.‘ Although _I should imagine your income

would not only be larger than your present on

prospective proﬁts, but would be more certain."

“I am quite satisﬁed.with the outlook of this
plant, Mr. Clarke. I have contracts enough not

to the limit of its present capacity for the
part of this year. I have had to turn ‘downsw-

8'0i1I¢,,

 

  

 i take in the matter.

- down ‘to his allegiance.

‘ " “Write me in a week or two weeks.

 

FROM’ MILL T0 MILLIONS

eral orders calling folr delivergezipthin the next

thjl-1; beca ’m crow
“Iyshi:ii3'tmnku§°nat the new freight tan? 3}}

steel would make some diﬁerence 111 V0111‘ Pm ‘,5-,,
“Undoubtedly, but as things are I can stand it.
“Has the railroad furnished you with a suﬂi-

‘cient number of cars to handle your output?”

“Yes, sir.” _ _ _

“As the country is enioying an unexpectléd
period of prosperity the. demands upon the rail-
roads are becoming heavier day by day. It is not

I improbable that the railroad companivl may ﬁnd it

to limit your supply of ro i_ng stock in
the near future, in which case you mi ht find, It
diﬂigult to ship all your steel 85 P1‘0mPt 35 hefre‘
tofore. In such an event it would be tter or

' Co ti h d to st (1 the em-
{:31-alfssmetheiisttedafl a $1:-¢?edoI<:araserviceai;lhan your-
self ” ‘

— Fred thought he detected a signiﬁcant empha-
sis in his visitor's tones. He recalled Mr. Ba-
con's words about_the inﬂuence such a large or-
ganiggtion of capitalists as comprised the steel
trust had with the railroads, and he suspected
that Mr. Clarke's words conv9Y¢d P ¢°V'°1't threat
that if the Atlas works remained in the ranks of
the independents it might ﬁnd it more and more
diﬁcult to forward its output to customers _on
‘time. ,As most of Fred’s contracts carried W_1th
them a time clause any trouble in forwarding
steel was likely to cause the YW118 P1'°Pn°t°1'
much embarrassment, if not actual loss. .
Fred, however, was a boy who Qbjected t0 bemg
-bulldozed. He did not underestimate the enor-
mous power wielded by the trusty but at the Same
time he had conﬁdence in the advantage he P05-
sessed with his new steel process. Th_e very fact
that a, representative of the big combination had
come to treat with him proved that the steel mag‘
mites appreciated the value of _his opposition, and
'were desirous of removing him from the ﬁeld,
even at a large cost. ‘The offer, on its face, was
a tempting one fonhim to consider. Few_ men
would have turned it down, at least not without
dn§‘rxe€<?(d‘ii:iio:ot hesitate as to the course he should
He knew that Mr. Bacon
wool not wish him _to make any terms Whatever
with e mist, and if_h1s loyalty to the maamite
was not of itself suﬁicient to enable him to resist
a great temptation there was_a Pall‘ 0f bright
eyes in Mr. Bacon’s home which held the boy
I Consequently Fred gave
his visitor a firm but polite negative to his pro-
pow. Mr. Clarke looked disappoined. He had
conﬁdently expected to win the boy over without
any great trouble. He was too much of a strate-
gistto show his annoyance, however.
“Better take time and think it over,” he (s:ug-
on-
sider all the advantages that a direct connection

 with the Steel Corporation will bring you. First,
‘ a good price for your plant——say. 10 per Cent-
'above w

‘ irosition.

at you paid for it; second, a responsible
garanteed for years, with a large 531‘

ary; and rd, a royalty on your invention. Why,

 -you will be assured of a large fortune in a few
‘ Jears without facing any risk whatever.” ‘

‘ ’ is one unwritten law, Mr. Clarke, that I
' jnore  even a legal limitation, an:d
honor; When I- assumed control of this

 it was with the implied understanding

have "felt obl'

is

that I was not to sell out to the Steel Corpora-
tion. I am not legally bound to observe this ar-
rangement, but I am going to do it just the same,
even if it should land me in the poorhouse, so to
speak. If you oﬂ‘ered me a million in gold for the
Atlas works, and a million a ear for the use of
my steel process, I should sti refuse to do busi-
ness with you,” replied Fred.

There was a ring in the boy’s voice that told
the visitor it would be useless to advance any
further argument. '

“Very well, Mr. Wheaton, you know your busi-
ness best,” said the emissary of the trust, rising.
“While I respect your reasoning, I must say that
as the world goes these days it is a bit quixotic.
A man’s honor, it is true, is his choicest posses-
sion, but nobody, as a rule, will carry it to the
point of splitting hairs. I venture to say that you

_ave just been oﬁered the opportunity of your
life-—a chance that I doubt has ever come "to as
young a man as you before. The co ration that

as made you this exceptional proposition through
me contro s at this moment the steel industry of
this country, and will in a year or two dominate
the world in its line. Your plant is a mere spot
in the steel industry as compared with combined
establishments of the Steel Corporation. Unity
and concentration does away with that proportion
of wasted effort inseparable from independent ex-
ertion, however well directed. The appreciation
of that fact has given rise to the present com-
bination of allied interests, improperly termed
trusts. The Steel Corporation is not a trust, but
a concentration of the steel interests for the good
of the business and all concerned in it."

“That’s all right, Mr. Clarke; but the corpora-
tion represents a monopoly, and monopolies are
dangerous to the consumer," replied Fred.

“On the contrary, young man, a properly con-
ducted monopoly tends to cheapen the rice of the
product. For instance, the United Oi Company,
which has been ruthlessly attacked by the press
for years, has proved a boon to the community,
for it has more than cut the price of oil in half.”

“Howabout the injury it has done to independ-
ent concerns in the oil business? Hasn’t it by a
hundred tricks and devices crushed out opposi-
tion? Won’t the steel monopoly resort to the
same tactics? Wasn’t it a singular circumstance
that directly after Mr. Bacon refused to acce t
the terms offered by your corporation the C. & .
Railroad, on which this town depends for trans-
portation, raised its freight rates not only on steel

ut on stone? Now that~I have turned your
proposition down ought I to be surprised if I
should be shortly informed by the local freight
agent that, owing to an increase in freight. traf-
ﬁc, he cannot supply me with as many cars as
my business requires?” said Fred with a slight
tinge of sarcasm in his tones.

Mr. Clarke understood what the boy meant and
he looked annoyed.

“The Steel Cor ration has nothing to do with
the railroads of t is country,”.he answered.

“The United Oil Company is not su posedvto
have anything to. do with the railroa either,’

and yet——but, I beg your pardon, I will not con- ‘

tinue this line of argument. I will merely say
that I thank you for laying before me such an
alluring ‘offer as the one you have outlined. 1.“
iged to refuse it, and will continue as 
independent steel manufacturer. I may not do u

 

 I give this matter my personal attention."

14 FROM MILL

well ﬁnancially as if I agred to the terms of your
corporation, but I will still have the satisfaction
of running my own business on lines that appeal
to me. I will not do the Steel Corporation the
injustice of supposing it will resort to underhand
methods to crush my comparatively unimportant
corporation, but at the same time I intend to por-
tect myself against any and all obstacles that
may arise in my path and ﬁght my own way to
success.”

Mr. Clarke made no reply to this, but held out
his hand, wished the young steel manufacturer
good-day; and left the office.

 

X.—-Our Hero Overhears a Plot

CHAPTER _
‘ Wreck His Business.

to

. Fred was a welcome visitor at the Bacon home,
and since he assumed control of the Atlas Steel
Works he had got into the habit of calling once
a week on Bessie. Of course he wouldn’t have
presumed to do this if she had not encouraged
him to believe that his visits were very agreeable
to her. The more he saw of her the more he as-

’ sociated her with his dreams of the future, and

he began to entertain a dim hope that if success
crowned his business eiforts she mi ht become
something more to him than a frien . Mr. Ba-
con paid frequent visits to the works at first, but
as soon as he saw that things were going well
under Fred’s management h_e gradually length-
ened the intervals between his calls until he now
rarely dropped in oftener than once in a week.
A month passed since.the call of Mr. Clarke,
the representative of the steel trust, and every-
was progressing ﬁnely at the Atlas works.

thin _ _
, Fred found no diﬂiculty in securing all the freight

cars he needed, though he had been expecting to
experience a shortage. He wondered if_ the re-
mark he made to Mr. Clarke on the subject had
choked off, for the time being at any rate, such
a move on the part of the steel trust. Had the
railroad withheld cars on some plausible pretext
he would have drawn his own conclusions, which
would not have been to the credit of the Steel
Co ration. He did not believe that the trust
wo d ignore_ him, as he was undoubtedly cutting
into the business of one of its plants, but Just
what means the steel moguls would employ to
try and sguelch him he could not ﬁgs. He was
prepared to light, however, to the ditch.
It was about this time that complaints began
to come in about dela in the delivery of steel
nhipments. He deman ed an explanation of the
freight department of the railroad, and. the gen-
eral ire‘ 1; agent promised to investigate the
matter. hat oﬁicial apparent! took his time in
adjusting Fred’s complaint, an as kicks contin-
ued to come in from his customers the boy lost
patience and started a private investigation of
his own. He discovered that cars loaded with his
steel and marked “Through” were dropped oﬁ at
various stations en route, to be taken up by later
trains or ignored for days. As soon as Fred had
evidence of these facts in his hands he called on
the

Hie not act to him. i _ _
“I shall brin suit against the colrgglany’ if this

_' is allow to go on,” he said ' _ ‘gnantly.

won't go on,” protested the otﬁcial. . .“I s all

 

general freight agent personally and read _

TO MILLIONS

“I hope you will, or there will be something do-
ing,-” answered Fred in a determined tone. “I
have a. representative along your route now. He
has furnished me with the facts I have submitted-
to you. He has taken photographs of the cars,
and these photographs would make excellent ex-
hibits in court. Now I
ing that car No. 18099, oaded with a special or-

der, and labeled ‘Through,’ was switched at Clin-"

ton, sixty miles from here, and I suppose it is
there yet. I shall demand a rebate on that car-
load, and also on every other carlcad detained
along your line. If the company refuses to adjust
the matter I’ll bring an action. I want you and
the company to understand that I do not ropose
to be made a monkey of. I know my rig ts and
I'm going to have them.” »

The result of Fred’s strenuous protest was that
all his cars were hustled to their several destina-
tions in short order, and he received a rebate on
the shi ments that had been delayed.

“No ing like taking the bull by the horns at
the start,” Fred said to Mr. Bacon when he re-
ported the case to him. “I guess-the railroad
company understands now that I won't put up
with any nonsense)’.

“You were shrewd to send a man out to get
evidence that couldn’t be controverted,” replied
the magnate.
to have brought the railroad to its knees other-
wise. It will have a good effect on the company,
too, for it will be chary about sidetracking any
of your cars in the future.” _ '

"As such a thing never happened before, ex-
cept in isolated instances, I am sure my cars were
switched by design, and in accordance with orders
sent out from headquarters. That would indicate
that some outside inﬂuence is beginning to work
against me. The only way to meet this is to nip
it in the bud. I don't want to go into court after
in rights if I can avoid it, for I'd be up against
all kinds of delay and chichanery. If the trust
monkeys with me it will find me wide awake and
a essive at all points.” ,

wo weeks later Fred, while returning home
from his usual Wednesday night's visit to Bessie
Bacon, was caught in a shower of rain and forced
to take shelter in an abandoned building which
had done duty as a blacksmith shop. The place
was full of rubbish, and the roof leaked so badly
that the boy was obliged to take refuge in 3
screened-in corner to ee
taken possession of the only really dry nook in
the crazy building when he heard a rush of feet
without and three men entered the place.
shook the rain from their hats and uttered male-
dictions on the weather. One of the voices sound-
ed familiar to Fred, and presently when one if
the newcomers struck a match to light his pipe
the boy recognized him as Phil Grimes. The other
two, whose vcountenances were also reﬂected in
the light, were strangers to the young steel man-
ufacturer. V

“I reckon this ain’t more than a passin’
shower," said one of the men after a squint attho

sky. “It won’t—last longer than ten or ﬁfteen min- _

utes. We've plenty of time, anyway, for it's early
yet, and it won't do to begin business much be-
fore one or two o’clock.” ’

Fred wondered what kind of business they hﬂ

’ in hand. He had some suspicions as to its lioiiuog
. . 2- .
’ .=s«.%-=‘

 

ot a dispatch this morn-'

“You never would have been able‘ '

p dry. Hardly had he

  

FROM’ MILL TO MILLIONS

from the fact that Grimes, whom he knew to be
I rascal, was one of the trio.

“That's right,” nodded the other stranger. “We
mustn't spoil things by bein’ in too ‘much of a

2 .“There won't be’ no mistake about me gettin'
the hundred dollars you've promised me_for my
share in the job, will there?” put in Grimes.

‘ “Mistake! I should say no " said the first
Speaker, whose name was Jim Stark. “Ain't you

'7!» got twenty on account?”

' “I'd like to get the other eighty now, and then
I'd be sure of it,” said Grimes.

. “What's the matter with you? Can't you trust
us?" said Stark sharply.

“I dunno whether I can or not," growled the
ﬁreman. “After the job is done you two will be
makin' tracks out of town in short order, and you
might forget in your rush that you hadn't set-
tl with me. Such things have happened before,
and I.don’t see no reason why you can't ante up
now as well as later on.”

. “I'm holdin’ the balance back to make sure that
you won't give us the slip.”

_ “Well, if you can't trust me I don't see why I
should trust you," responded the, ﬁreman dog-

1

K°dlY- . .

' “Give him half the money, Jim,” said the other
man, whose name was Harrup.

'“Well, here is -$30. Now you've got.half of
what we promised you. The balance I'll hand you
as soon as I've set the ball rollin'.” —

Grimes accepted the money in.a sulky way. It
was clear that he was only partially satisﬁed.

‘ “Now, see here, Grimes,. said Stark, “you_ know
the watchman, and we look to you to kee him en-
gaged while we're ’tending to the rea part of
the business.” _ _ _

'“I'll do it, though me and  ain't any_too
friendly. But seem’ as he's likely  t into
trouble over what happens _I’m on_the J0 . How
lonﬁdg you expect me_to chin to him?" _

on give us ten minutes, or at the outside ﬁf-

- teen, in the buildin’s and Ill bet there won't be

no work inside the whole place for ‘a month-or
~ ' for six months, for that _matter," said Stark.
“I dunno how I'm goin' to keep track of the

. time. I'll have to guess at it." _

.“You can see the oﬂlce clock through the win-
dow. They'll be light enough in the _countin’-

. roan for that. Every oﬂice keps a gas Jet bum-
in’ all night." _' _

. “‘You ain't told me what you're goin’ to do in
. _ the works,” said Grimes curiously. _
»‘ ~‘ i“Never you mind. What we're in’ to do won't
take no”lives and won't break no imbs. If every-
thin’ goes right we three'll be in our beds before
'  nS. And when it does happen—-
. _ " he ed with a short,_ dry laugh of self-
Iitisfaction, “the whole bloomin' machinery, with
V ‘ the furnace-room as well, won't be worth anythin'
' IIiore'n the scrap heap.” «
‘Fred started when he heard the furnace-room
 It struck him right away that some
. was on foot to wreck his steel works. He
knew that Grimes bore him a strong enmity, but
, _ was clear he was not the leader in this suspi-
. _ ente rise. The two strangers were work-
; , _'the j and Grimes was merely acting as
7 . accomplice in consideration of e payment
 for his services. He listened eagerly to
‘$2 55* if?1l08_8l'ble,i_m0l'e deﬁnite information.

«

  
  

M .

    
    
 

 

15

_ “Well, you needn't be so blam secret about
it!" snarled the ﬁreman. “If you re goin' to set’
the works aﬁi-e you needn’t be afraid to own it.
Or if you're goin’ to plant a lot of dynamite
cartridges—- ’
_“’We're not goin’ to set the place afire, and it
ain t dynamite we're goin’ to use.”

“What is it?”

“It’s somethin’ that’ll do the job all right, don't
you fret."

‘fl s’pose _I’m not to know what it is?" said
Grimes sulkily.

f‘Yes, you'll know before you leave this shed,”
said Stark. “We'll show ’em to you. They're
the. most innocent lookin' things in the world till
their clockwork attachment is set a—goin’. We're
goin to time ’em for thirty minutes. At the end
of that time somethin’ll happen that’ll wake up
the town. We've got three of ’em. One forthe
engine-room, one for the room where the fur-
naces are, and the third for the machine-shop.
'l_‘hem three articles will wreck the whole estab-
lishment past all inendin', and there won't be no
more steel made in this burg for some time to
come, you can bet your life.”

“I'm blamed glad of it," replied Grimes. “I
hate that young upstart, Fred Wheaton, who
claims to be owner of the place, though how he
came to get it into his hands is a mystery to me.
And I hate Harper, the foreman of the furnace-
room. It'll be a big satisfaction to me to see him
out of his job again."

'1‘he two strangers looked at each other and
grinned. Their accomplice was evidently ripe for .
any kind of dirty work aimed at the Atlas Steel
Works. As for Fred Wheato he was fairly
staggered by the plot that was a ut to be pulled
off against his property and business, and he won-
dered who were the real instigators of the out-
rage.

CHAPTER XI.—0ur Hero Finds Himself in a‘
Tight Fix.

“It's stopped rainin',” said Harrup at this stage
of the proceedings. '

“I told you it wouldn't amount to aiiythin',”
said Stark.

“It must be close on- to twelve," remarked
Grimes.

Stark struck a match and looked at the dial of
his 0 n-faced silver watch.

“It s a quarter of twelve," he said. “We won't
leave here for an hour yet.'.'

“Say, who put you up to this job?” asked
Grimes curiously.

“You want to know altogether too much,
Grimes," replied Stark. .

“It's just a litle private enterprise of our
own," laughed Harrup.

“Private enterprise of your own he 'iggered,"
said Grimes. “I know better. Some y is pay-
in’ on to wreck the Atlas wor ." '

“ ow, do you s’pose that gents like them steel
moguls would mix themselves up in a job of this
kind?" asked Stark with a leer. -

“I reclton'the would if they were in’ to in
by it,” replie .the ﬁrenian fi-an ly, an
mone kings ain't no betterﬁi other ‘peop]¢__

or another." '

 

The re robbi'n' the public everyday inane way . I

  
 
 

  

I his watch, announced that it was half-past two

16 - FROM MILL

“You needn't worry about Whether somebody is
payin’ us to do the job or not,” said Stark.
“You’ll get the balance of your hundred in an
hour or so, and that’s all you need care about.”

“We’d better dig up the tools and the machines,
Jim,” said Harrup.

“The machines!” ejaculated Grimes. “Do you
mean them things that you’re goin’ to blow up
the works with?” ‘

“Yes.”

“Are they loaded?”

“Of course they’re loaded. They’re all ready to
set otf,” replied Stark.

' “Then you don't catch me stayin’ here.”

“Hold on.
tclatching the ﬁreman as he started for the open

oor. .

“Why ain’t there if they’re loaded?”

“Because they can't go oﬁ till they’re wound
up and the hand on the dial reaches a certain
spot. The spot is a movable piece of copper
which can be set for any time inside of an hour.
When the hand touches the copper it closes the
electric circuit and that sets oﬁ a powerful
charge of nitroglycerine. As long as you handle
‘em carefully there ain't no danger at all.”

“S’pose you accidentally dropped one of ’em,
we'd all go sky-high.”

“It would have to strike somethin' hard, like a
stone, or a piece of iron. But don’t you fear
we'll drop ’em. Tom and me are not lookin’ for
angels’ wings yét a while. The United States is
good enough for us,” said Stark with a chuckle.
“You’ve got them things hid in this buildin’,

7’!
“Yes, we hid ’eni here the da we came to town.
They ain’t exactly the kind 0 ings a chap wants

to tote around in his pocket.”

“Whereabouts did on plant ’em?”

“In onder corner hind them boards.”

Fred: listening with‘ all his might, felt a thrill
of apprehension at those words. The only boards
in the place were those behind which he stood.
Then he was standing upon the spot where the
three infernal machines were buried. It wasn't
that fact that alarmed him, but the certainty of
his presence being discovered by the three ras-
ails when they started to dig up the bombs. He
must be prepared to make a ash for the door the
moment they approached the spot, and he hoped
to get away in the confusion their surprise would
occasion. Star however, did not act immediately
on his compamon’s suggestion. He said there
was plenty of time yet for that. For a while they
talked about matters quite foreign to the scheme
they were on. At length Stark, after looking at

ve.

“Time we got a move on,” he said. “Strike a
light, Tom, and I'll dig up_ the machines.”

Fred felt that the crisis had arrived and he
must act quickly. Harrup lighted a match and
followed Stark toward the nook within which
Fred stood concealed from their view. When an-
other or two on their part would have
enabled em to see the form of the boy standing
like. a statue behind the upright boards, Fred
made a sudden rpsh, pushing Stark against Har-
rup and extinguishing the match. For an instant
the trio men were paralyzed, then Stark roared
to Grunes,.who was smoking near the doorwa :

“We ave a spy here! tophim, Grimes!

  ' an saw the dark shadow coming to-
, - ' /

        

There aint’ no danger,” said Stark, -

TO MILLIONS

ward him but was too bewildered to do anything.
Fred wou d easil have escaped into the open air
had it not been or the fact that a rotten plank
in the ﬂoor gaveway under his weight. His foot
slipped into it and he fell forward on his face
and hands. Before he could get up Grimes re-
covered his wits and pounced upon him.

“It's a boy,” he said as the other two came up.

“A boy, eh?” returned Stark. “Drag him
away from the door and we'll take a look at him.”

“He was here before we came, and must have
heard all we said about tonight's work,” said
Harrup. “It won’t be safe to let him get away."

“I’ll wager he won’t get away till we're ready
to let him go,” replied Stark in a compressed
tone.

Grimes and Harrup dragged Fred into a cor-
ner.

« “Now show a gliin, Harrup,” said Stark.

His associate struck a match and ﬂashed the.

light in the prisoner’s face. Grimes uttered an
exclamation of rage and astonishment.

“It's Fred Wheaton!” he cried.

“What!” roared Stark. “The young chap who
ru‘usY the works?”

es.

Stark uttered a deep imprecation.

“How cailne you here?" he asked Fred with
sava e emp as s.

“Igwalked inlto get out of the rain.”

/‘You did, eh? That was before we caine?”

l‘?_:’/’lien you saw us why didn’t you show your-
se .

“Whv should I? With the exception of Grimes
you are strangers to me.”
h “Did you hear all we said? Of course you must

ave.

‘:I admit I overheard your conversation.”

‘g’£(l1ie_n ‘you know all about the job we’ie en-
ga in. 9
ﬁn? ;i)ol;réa;i}ge;  you to give it up, or you'll

“Who;ugoin’ to put us there?” asked Stark
S811} y.

“The police will attend to you.”

“And who's goin’ to tell the police?”

“I shall warn them of what is on the tapis."

“Oh, you will? I reckon we'll have somethin' to '

say about that. We've got you dead to rights.
We're not goin’ to give you a chance to open your

jaws to the police until the job is done, and than .

we'll give ’you_leav_e to ﬁnd _us.” ,
_“Ho1d on," mtei-Jected Grimes. “It may be all
right for you two to let_ him_ go when you think
fit, for you re strangers in this town; but it's dif-V
ferentwith me. I live here, and this chap knows
me well. He'd clap me in jail the moment he got
loose, and I'd have to shoulder the whole job.
Somethin’ must be done to close his jaw for good.
I don't propose to be made a goat of, d’ye under-
stand?”
The other two saw the force of the ﬁreman’:
ar ment, and they_ felt bound to consider it. .
_Well,_the lirst thing we’ll do is to tie his hands
behind his back,” said Stark. “Turn him over on
his face."
Fred made a desperate"eﬂ'ort to
he hadn't a chance. Harrup and
him over. Then .Stark took the

times turned
boy's h

chief from his hip pocket and tied his wrists to

tether. ~ ‘

taway,b¢V

 

1
-l
1
,4.

u -.4.c.-.s~... .. .._..

 ‘FROM MILL TO MILLIONS,

«That wﬂ}  f¢,)’r the present;. he said. «You
ca"i']::tg§gn°got1n11].p and Fred rolled over on his
back again. Stark motioned his companions to

ltat' . .
thglglggrpvrigeifig ?ifc°VI\!’l:2atoiioIhere, and the fact
that he has heard everything» has ‘3°mP1i°3ted
matters ” he said. “The question is, what are we
gain :5 do with him?”

5 “Cﬁloke him!” hissed Grimes-
uNo1: replied stark, “I won’t have murder
* mixedhip in this job. I have no desire to swing
for this night’s work if I should happen to get

1 ‘can b ”

.‘ 'th ou ” nodded Harrup.
We '.;_T1’:§,:eeW§;t ﬁe 'you goin’ to do?” demanded
Grilnes with an imprecation, ﬁnding himself in

. fl . -“‘$.ﬁf§,‘3§“,’;i,,t we've got to ﬁgure on,” replied

Stark. .
upaonw see no way for me to get out of this

;scr_ape unless he's put out of the way, snare

"'1 don't know. Your word ought to be as

. - ‘ ‘st te’ rt <1 you can
y&‘§.héf.n§?1,;‘:‘t’$“”;.$ea’f u.Zt°§‘3u 'w‘Z.’;n»t out of
,’ . t it 0!»
*hs.**°“°e..,...*°“*...% .:.;i2i 3.... s

’ 7‘“‘l‘here's no'witness but him, and his statement,
a if he should accuse you, could not be backed up,
.— ¢0ﬂ8e<Il1e1*t1Y.S'0u’d be discharged for lack of evi-
s deuce.”

5. ou’i-e sure of that, eh?" asked the ﬁreman
iv‘  I am. You ou ht to know that your-
self. The burden of proo 18. always thrown on
the accuser. If he swears yoiu were: £111 igieSv1:1e<;t£
~ ~ ' ur
4-‘{v°:reswhf>:!i‘e‘y{a"ll laigw  thunder is the
$338, goin;_bt_o”hold you?
 l‘shSet2r:l%:!"saai-glument seemed to be convincing, and
Grimes breathed elsier. _ ’ _ _
- “Well, how are rggu gain to kee " him a pns-
’ «one: until the we are blown up. the ﬁreman

44 ' ﬁnd rope and tie him securely.
wegggmdim soml):ewon’t be able to make any
noise. It will be safe enough to leave him there,
, it isn't likely anybod will V1Slt,‘,the shed be-
margin’, and proba y.not then. s. _
— _ '3 suggestion met with the approval of his
”?wme will welget the rope?” asked Harrup.
""“Grirn‘es ought to be able to find a piece.” sand
Stark.

‘we some at my house but it'll take me

. wﬁhg aﬂiehogz to go’for it and fetch it
c e in ‘

"start at once, and get back as soon as

' ieﬁ-,. hi mad while Stark and
"Gmmswitn on‘ 8 e on the prisoner. 11°83“

.Bn~m , their eyes
together in a low tone.

notice.”

You will have estab—.

movedthe handkerchief from his wrists and t1od«- Q

it around his mouth, so that it was 
to make an outcry if he wanted to. *

“Now we'll dig up the machines and tools 
place the boy_ii_i that corner where he'll be ouﬁ
of the way,” said Stark.

The infernal apparatus was hidden under unlit

an inch or two of earth, and the chief rues!

soon brought them to sight. Grimes 

them nervously as the two men placed them '

their pockets. He dreaded lest some aoeiaut
should set one of them oil’, in which case that
would be little left of the shed or it occupéutl»
Fred was then removed to the nook where he had
ﬁrst_taken refuge, and Stark took the extra pre-
caution of passing one of the loose ends ottho

line t}}’:rough a knot-hole in the boards and 

it tig t. —
‘ “Now, young. man, we'll leave you,” said Stark.
‘ In the course of an hour or so you'll healithraq
consecutive explosions which will inform you that
you're out of the steel business till furthau

to pay for 

“Somebody will be made

rage,” thought Fred, and he would have said
to Stark but that the

_ gag prevented utterana
on his part. ‘

“Come on, Tom, and you, "too, Grimes,” sail
the leader. “It is after two.” . .

The three men passed out of the shed aﬁ
leaving Fred to the companionship of his
thoughts, which were not of a pleasant nature.
as may well be believed. The l_nen‘had 1:
1y made such a good job of tyui him 
did not believe he had a ghost o a show to from
himself. Nevertheless he determined to 
the attempt. He soon discovered that it was 
of the question for him tojotsen his bonds. 

“This is 9. ﬁerce situation to he in, 
business interests in danger of being ‘pod 
by those infernal machines," muttered the y ’
steel manfactruer. “If I were on! free I 
be able to do something, with ohnson's pg‘
but as things are—liello! what is that ?"  1

A sound at the door had reached his ears.‘ , 7‘

seemed to have been made by a man's.
Fred had been able to call out he would in

done so. He heard the foot again and the mower?

ing of a man’: voice. Then somebody staggerod

into the shed. He walked arounddn the uncer-
tain way 0 a drunken man and gradually draw
near the er where the boy _lay bound. 
with a thrill of hope, raised his bound foot
thumped them upon the wooden door.  
he made attracted the attention of the mm
“Whaz that? Who's there 1'” the into »
man inquired in 9, thick tone. l ‘ . .
How the boy wished he could _have a V
him! All he could do was to continue the _ V
ing in the hope that it might lead to 
man came nearer, muttering 
sions till he stepped on one of ‘tho 3’:
lost his balance and fell‘ at full ion a . ,
Fred's lower  ugunmd 
around in an o u , ,_ 5‘
laid hold of Wheatoifs  loo  ,,
His» hands’ encountered poof  . .
encircled‘ the boyaand he   '

_  ywithha drggkm as,

 18 G 1 FROM MILL TO MILLIONS‘

wall of the building. He held the ﬂame up un- Without waiting for any reply from John
steadily and looked down at Fred. Casey, Fred started for the door and walked out
“Wazzer matter?” he said. into the ‘early morning air. .
Fred rolled his head and looked appealingly ‘ ‘
at the intoxicated stranger. The match burned
slowly down to the man’s ﬁngers and went out. .
There was a pause, during which the fellow talk- CHAPTER XIII.—Saving the Plant.
-~. ;- ed to himself and spoke to Fred. He struck an-
other match and held it down to the boy’s face. Looking at his watch Fred saw that it was
Then he seemed to get a glimmering of Fred’s twenty minutes past two.
condition into his brain. He tore the handker- “I haven’t any time to spare if I expect to save
chief from Wheaton’s mouth. the works from the desi s of those rascals,” he
“Thanks,” said Fred. “Got a knife in your said to himself as he wa ked rapidly along in the
pocket? I want you to cut me loose.” direction_ of his place of business. “As it is I
The man sat on his knees and looked stupidly may arrive 1100 late-" '
it the bound boy. He made no attempt to get his Fifteen minutes later he saw the tall chimneys
knife out, if he had one, on do anything further, of the furnace-room in the near distance. The
Fred got impatient, office fronted on the street, and as he approached
. “Say, have you a pocket—knife'!” he asked, he saw a man leaning out of one of the windows
_ “Pocket-knife? Shirtenly. Wanter use it?" talking to another man on the walk. It was easy
nsked the man as the second match burned out, for him to guess that Grimes was the man on the

“Yes.” _ — outside, and he was holding the night watchman’s
The man fumbled in his pocket and ﬁnally got attention while the other two rascals were plant-
lhe knife out. * mg the machines where they would do the most
“Got another match?” asked Fred. damage-
“Match?" “I must try and capture Grimes before he can
More fumbling and then the fellow lighted a escape and warn his companions,” thought Fred.
Ihird lucifer. As the night was not dark it did not seem
“Whatcher got that rope ’round you for?” he possible to et close enough to the rascally ﬁre-
 laying his hand on one of the loops. man to nah im before he would become aware
.— “ ut it, will you, quick?” of the boy’s approach. Fred was no match phys-
_“Cut it?, Sure, I’ll cut it, if you shay so.” ically for Grimes, but he believed he could hold

In his efforts to open the knife the match him until the night watchman came to his assist-
dropped from his ﬁngers and all was darkness ance. With the ﬁreman disposed of the young
. After what seemed to be a long interval steel manufacturer believed that he and Johnson
to the impatient boy the man struck his fourth would be able to capture the other two men.
match, and then to Fred's relief began cutting Fred, after viewing the surroundings, decided
one of the loops. His movements were so uncer- that he would _walk boldly up the opposite side
kin that Wheaton was half afraid that he might of the street till he reached a point facing the
' .nocidentally jab the point of the knife into his oﬂice  then cross suddenly over and try to
chest. No such thing happened, and presently take Grimes by surprise. The chances were
the cord snapped. The man had nearly cut against him, but in_ boldness often lies success.
. through another loop lower down when the match Accordingly he. carned °“t the Plain Grimes was
expired and he stopped. Fred worked his arms too busy holding Johnson's attention to notice
‘lnstily in the darkness and found to his satisfac- him. As soon as Fred got opjposite the oﬂice he
tion that the cords were yielding. While the in- crossed over, and coming up ehind the fireman,
tuxicated Good Samaritan was trying to light his grabbed him suddenly.
ﬁfth match Fred got one of his arms free. To “Quick, Johnson!” the boy shouted. “Come
~ release the other was but the work of a moment. out and help me!”
5 The ropes then fell awa from him like a gar- He tripped Grimes up and fell on him, holding
. ment rent in twain. e put his hand in his him down with all his strength. The night watch-
, pocket and pulled out his ‘own match-_sa.fe._ The man recognized Fred's voice and his ﬁgure, and
' , w of one of his own matches soon illuminated was surprised to see him there at that hour of
 ' ' corner and the person of the drunken intru— the morning. He was also astonished to see his
' ‘.,_dsr. He took the knife from the man's ﬁn rs young employer tackle Grimes. He lost no time
". » and cut the line that held his legs together. hen in coming outside and lending a hand to secure
~ the match went out he was _free. the ﬁreman, though he had no idea what it all 6
‘ .1, . -“Now,” said Fred, striking another match, meant. Grimes put up a desperate struggle to i
L; I ' “what's your name?” get free, but Fred clung to him like a leech, and

 

’ “Name? My name? John Casey.” when _the night watchman took a hand it was all
9fW'here do you live, Hr. Casey.” _ - up with him.
"Somewhere up this street. Number shix- “Hold him, Johnson, till I get a piece of rope

/hundred-ten. Got hat on and came in here to out of the closet,” said Fred. .
II it oil’. Old woman do me up if I turn up The boy rushed into the office, got the rope
.. 11%’ jag. Been here before. Stay ’way till and with Johnson's help soon had the fellow tied
4 inornin’, sober up and then go home in shape to as tight as a drum.

,, ' stand ’r of.” ' _ _ . “We’ll carry him into the oﬂice now,” said
‘ .4 l The er chuckled as if complimenting him- Fred. T ’ . . .

Jen‘ on " foxiness. As soon as the ﬁreman lay helpless on the ﬂoor

“Well, you've done me a good turn, Mr. Casey of the counting-room Fred took the watchman

° I sl_ian’t forget it. I'm moving now, but you'll aside. V . . _ -

fromipe again." , - » “You are doubtless .rather astonished at being 3

 

   
 

\

      
 

  

called upon to help me capture Grimes, but he’s
a bigger rascal than you_ever susp _ him.to
: be. He was holding you in conversation to give
' two other scoundrels the chance to wreck this
plant with infernal machines loaded with nitro-
glycerine.” _ _
Johnson uttered an, astomshed exclamation.
“The villains are planting those machines now
‘ —one in the engine-room, another in the furnace-
mom, and a third in the machine~shcp. We must
capture them if we can. Have you a spare re-
volver?” .
“No. You take mine, and I'll rely on my
locust club.” _ ’ _
v . “All right,” said Fred, accepting the weapon.
, “Come on. We haven’t a moment to lose. Thgy
may be in the machine-shop by this time. We ll
creep in there first.” _ _
‘ They entered the machine shop with great cau-
tion. After listening intently and taking a care-
_ fulvsurvey of the room they were satisﬁed no
one was there. As they were passing near the
‘center of the room Fred’s sharp ears detected a
sound like the muifled ticking of a clock. He
knew there was no clock in the room, and he won-
dered where the sound came from. At any rate
it could not be far away, and was quite audlble
in stillnus.
=-ii’: you hear that ticking?” Fred asked the
watchman. _ .
“I do, and «I don’t understand it. There is
' no-——” _
Like a ﬂash its meaning came to the boy. ’
/ “It’s one of the mm lycerine machines,’ he

breathed. “We must ﬁn it or this room will
wrecked.”
“Good Lord!” Johnson. “S11PP°3e 319

. thing goes of while we’re hunting for it, where
will we be?”

“From the conversation I overheard between
the men tonight at the  blacksmith shop
on Edgecoinb Street, I Judge that the machines
ai-6 timed so as not to explode under _half an
hour, At any rate I'm going to chance i ,’ said

The brave boy followed the.dire_ction‘ of the
i°‘““" ’°§,"‘*“’-“ ’°°°.'1'.‘l’.““’}‘“" §‘$?‘.?§L‘33.?§sa‘l“.§§'
ante ut in as 0 . '
Fredrltilfid no great dimcultygi-In locating the. bomb,
which was placed _on the ground in me _midst of
a number of lathing and drilling machines. In
the light cast by the lantern the Y°“D8_ steel
manufacturer saw by the clock dial_that it was
set for tlu-ee'o’clock. Consulting_his watch e
p. lflannd it wanted about twenty minutes of that
. our. . - _
“It will go off in twenty minutes unless we can
stop the ticking,” said Fred. “Get down one of
those fire-buckets and we'll see what eﬁect Water
will have on it.” 1 ,
~ . The watchman took one of the buckets off the
T shelf vided for six of them _and Fred im-
merseclntlie bomb in it. The ticking stopped al-
- most at once. _ ,,
‘ “I guess we’ve drawn the sting of that One;
‘ ,he said. “Come into the furnace-room Well
.“ 3 and ﬁnd the one they have no doubt planted
; I , re.» , _
' Entering the room softly Fred led the way to
the most likely spot where a bomb would do the
 damage, between the two big furnaces. The
_ll_1omcnt they got there they heard the Same

‘.1

ll‘;

  

 

FROM MILL TO MILLIONS

19

muffled ticking, and looking around spied the sec-
ond machine on the ground. Fred placed it in
another bucket and that put it out of business.-

"There is only one more, and we shall ﬁnd that
somewhere in the engine-room,” said the boy,
starting for the side door that led into the yard.

He found, as he suspected, that this door had
been forced open with the aid of a jimmy. The
engine-house was only about thirty feet away,
being a wing of the machine-shop building. One.
of the windows had been forced open to -admit
the rascal, and they had left it open. The watch-
man had a key to the back door, and he admitted-
Fred and himself into the small brick building
where the powerful engine was in one room and
the steam boilers in another. They found the last
bomb close to the driving-rod, and it was also
placed in a pail of water, which stopped its tick-
ing in the same way as the other two.

. “Thank goodness!” exclaimed Fred. “The
works are saved. I-’m sorry, however, that we
didn’t capture the other two rascals and thus
have made a clean sw p of the whole aﬂair.”

Re-entering the ofﬁce eeiy found Grimes where
they left him. Fred open up telephone commu-
nication with the police headquarters, told the
man at the other end of the wire about the at-
tempt made that night to blow up the see! works,
and asked that a couple of oﬂioers be sent around
to take their prisoner into custody. ' e wait-
ing for the -policemen to appear Fred told the
night watchman about the adventure he had had
at the abandoned blacksmith shop. .

“If it hadn’t been for the providential appear-
ance of John Casey, drunk though he was, I prob-
ably would have been a prisoner there-yet, and
the works would have been destroyed,” he con-.
cluded. -

“I don’t see what could have been the object
of these rascals in trying to blow up this plant,"
said Johnson. “They took a great risk. Some-
body who has 8. trudge ﬁgainst this establish-L
ment must have put them up to it, and engaged
to pay then; well in the event of success.”

“There is no doubt in my mind about that
fact,” replied Fred. “Those rascals are stran-
gers in this town, that's why they hired Grimes
for $100 to help them out. Some moneyed man.
engaged them to do me_ up. I should like to find
out who he is, but I’_m afraid there isn't much
chance of learning his identity.” _

“Not unless the police can capture the two men'
who planted the bombs.” ‘

“Probably not then. _ I doubt much if any in-
formation on the subiect could be got out of
them."

“Do you suspect the steel trust of having any
hand in this matter?" .

“I’d rather not say Just what I suspect. I'm
going to secure a smart detective and put‘ him
on the case. Maybe he may be able to get at the
root of it.” '

A few minutes later three policemen arrived,
Grimes was handed over to them, and Fred went 3:
alpng to make the charge against him at the ;,
station-house. The boy told his story, with more .,v
detail than he had done over the wire, to the .;;_
oﬂicer in charge, and the bombs were, wn ‘by, ,
the oﬂicer who had brought them along a pail
of water. The ﬁreman, who _was sulky and non-
communicative, was locked in a cell and the:

 Instance»

-?  do.’

"*1

20

Fred went home, conscious that he had been
through a pretty tough experience.

CHAPTER XIV.—A Shortage of Freight Cars.

After getting about four hours’_sleep Fred ap-
at the breakfast table looking a bit seedy.

.  mer and mother did not know that he had

out nearly all night, and were greatly sur-
prised, as well as concerned, when he narrated
the events of the night after leaving the home of

Hr. Bacon. 7 ~

“This is a pretty serious matter, Fred,” said

his father. .

,“I should say it is.”
“Any idea who is at the bottom of the out-

ta 2”
‘ No, sir; but it is clearly somebody interested
' tting the Atlas works out of business.”
, “ t seems evident on its face.“ Your_ success
with your new process has given rise to Jealousy
in some quarters, and this rascally means was
adopted to squelch you.”

. “Looks that way, father. I must call on Mr.
Bacon right after breakfast and lay the case be-
fore him. He is as much interested as I am, as
he hasn't received a dollar in payment for the
plant, an had the plot succeeded he would have
suffered a large ﬁnancial loss.” _

“Did the police examine the infernal ma-
. ,,

.‘‘Not to m knowledge. It will be rather a
ticklish job, should think. They are supposed
to be heavily charged with nitroglycerine.” _

“What efforts are you going to make to dis-
cover the real instigators of the plot? The po-
lice will have enough to do trying to catch Grimes
companions, who have probably got out of town
before this.” V
, “Pm going to consult with Mr. Bacon, and
shall propose to employ the smartest detective we
can get,” replied Fred. _

“That’s a good idea. In fact, I don’t think you
can do better. Some information may be gotten
out of Grimes that will help you to run down his
companions.”

“I have my doubts about that,” replied Fred.
“I don’t believe the men who hired him as an
assistant in the enterprise -conﬁded any more of
their business to him than they_could help. I
base my opinion on the conversation I overheard
between the three last night.” _

“I wonder how they came to light on an enemy
of yours if they are strangers to this place, said
his father.

“It is natural theywould hu_nt up some person
who had a grouch either against me personally

'~ or against the works. No doubt the rascals in-

terviewed some of the old hands of the Dover
works who are now in._Pittsburg or elsewhere in

 employ of the trust before they began opera-

“Where could the have got hold of those in-
ternal machines? hey were probably manufac-
on purpose for the work they were expect-

“There tting such things in this
 thathonest e know in ' _about. For
“ I it would goon‘ exceedingly‘, t m_at-
hc~1otmetopurcha'se.a set of use-

arewaysof

   

\ .

 

 

FROM MILL T0 MILLIONS

or safe-breaking tools but a professional crook
could ﬁnd the maker’ of such articles without

much trouble.” '

Fred, having ﬁnished his breakfast, put on his
hat and started for Mr. Bacon's home. The mag-
nate, Who was preparing to go to the quarry,
was somewhat surprised at his early call, and
askedhim to walk into his library. Fred then
told him about the attempt made during the early
hours of the morning to destroy the Atlas steel
plant, and how through a luc combination of
circumstances he had manag to frustrate it,
Mr. Bacon was astonished at his story, and not
a little worked up over _it. He realized the loss
he must have suifei-ed had the rascally plot suc-
ceeded. They had guite a talk over the matter,
and the magnate,‘ instead of going out to the
quarry, accompamed Fred to the police court,
where Grimes was to be brought up for examina-
tion at eleven o'clock. They found the night
watchman present, prepared to give his testimony
in the case. _

The three infernal machines, one of which had
been examined by the authorities, and found to
contain a suﬁicient quantity of nitroglycerine to
destroy a large building, were in court in the
water-bucket. The Judge regarded them as a
rather dangerous exhibit, notwithstanding the
statement of the expert who had inspected one
of them that as long as the electric apparatus
remained disconnected they could not explode.
Grimes did not present a very cheerful appear-
ance when he_was brought into the court. He
pleaded _not guilty to the charge of being an ac-
cessory in the plot.

Fred then went on the stand and told his story.
John Casey, who had been found asleep at the
shed by a policeman sent to take him in as a wit-
ness, declared he had no recollection of ﬁnding
Wheaten bound in the deserted blacksmith shop
and cutting him loose. He admitted that the
facts might be as the boy stated, buthe was too
drunk at the time to be able to remember any
of the circumstances now. The policeman'pro-
duced the pieces of cut clothesline he had found
in the shed as evidence, and the magistrate ac-
cepted it as such. At any rate, the ﬁnding of the
bombs by Fred and the watchman left no doubt
as to the character of the crime contemplated,
and Grimes’ refusal to explain why he had called
Johnson to the window of the oﬂice at that early
hour and engage him in a comparatively frivol-
ous conversation satisﬁed the judge that the fire-
manﬁew more about the matter than he chose
to a 't.

Accordingly he was remanded for subsequent
trial and sent back to prison. A week later a
stran r came to the magistrate and got him out
on bai . The police reported that two detectives
were out hunting for the other rascals,_ and it
was expected they would be captured. That
wound up the case for the time being, and Mr.
Bacon went with Fred to the works. The boy
pointed out the places where he and the watch-
man found the bombs, and the magnate admitted
that the works had had a narrow escape.
course the Dover nexsipapers had a phic ac-
count of the attemp crime, and t
gooddealof speculationintownastothenaaun
the rascals had for undertaking such a villain-

ousfob. There were man who hinted that pow} ‘ ~
' interestswere at ebackofit,thoIgh_,~’»

or.

rewas a.

    
 

      
   
    
     
 

,f;lIich an inference seemed really absurd. What
" Fred suspected himself he never let get out. The
‘Dover police found out that Stark and Harrup
ihad been stopping for a week at an obscure
 ' -house in the town, and that nobody
  what their business was. They took their
vgnpps and vanished the morning
-1 hre of their attempt to destroy the Atlas works.
 learned they had walked to Glendale,
~ the next town on the railroad, where they had
taken a train west. The conductor of the train
being interviewed remembered two men answer-
ing their descriptions. They had tickets for Cleve-
butleftthetrain atsometown alongthe
road. The detectives investigated all clues touch-
ing upon their movements, but could not track
.. -rtienidown. Aweek later Fred began toexperi-
"-aee a shortage of freight cars. He called on
-“the general freight agent of the railroad and
.was told that many of their cars were held back
by other lines over which they had been sent.
_ _ ’ “If the rtnds would only return our cars
'  lnuunptly we could continue to give you all you
. , but they won't for some reason or an-
other, and that’: why we're short of available
rolling stock just now,” said the agent. _
I The young steel manufacturer had to accept
*  explanation, because it was impossible to
M dispute it. He knew such, things happened, and
freight traﬁc con-
‘ roads took their time about returning
‘es. Fred, however, needed all the cars he
. co d get now in order to deliver his steel to cus-
.. who were wait’ for it, and as the days
- Passed the ﬁnished p uct piledpup in his yard.
It represented a lot of invested capital, for he
7 eouldn’t bill the stuff till he was able to forward

 

c

  

   

E

  
    

' '2» lg: . .

- .- his tomers had received their steel. The de-
“_‘ lily naturally led to more complaints, and Fred
could only lay the blame on the railroad com-
nuny. The whole thingwas very annoying, but
there was no help for it. ~

  

 

CHAPTER XV.-—Warned by a Dream.

‘ _ Lack of transportation facilities was becoming
Such a serious matter with the Atlas works that
~_ Fred cudgeled his brains to try and discover some
Way out of his hobble. l’rivately he was satisﬁed
. that the shortage of freight carswas due_to some
} llnderhand work on the part of his enemies.
i_ detéhnined to show them that he wasn t going to
': he run out of the business by circumstances over
which he had no control. There was a small river
3! t four miles from Dover. This stream con-
‘ . with the Hudson. Fred had_ a lot-of ﬁn-
ished steel that) had to be delivered in New York
383 a certain date. He made calculations to send
113$ stnﬂ by water. He went to New York and
Jared several lighters and chartered a powerful
’ By the time the flotilla reached the village
reendale, on the river, four miles from Do-
_ had transported his steel to that point.
lighters were loaded up and the tu carried
 to the city, where the steel was elivered
 time. Fred accom anied the expedition him-
‘QWQ1 to see that no _itch happened _alon the
* r This steel was a portion of a big or er he

  
   
 
 

    
    
   
  

o

 an
o W"-

idea that

   
 

 manufacturer

   

 

FROM MILL TO MILLIONS

he couldn't expect _to get his money till~

'_a plant out. of that belonged to the trust; ,

   

shrub

21‘

his comp t'to k t ' -
this ordei laiill otelIi)er:nhz¢:’glei1:iilll1r:‘all(::iiveflio‘i'nf:tchmgthem.
He had noticed that he had more trouble in get-
ting cars for th_ese_pai-ticular orders than any
other. The seeming inability of the railroad mm.
pany to furnish them at stated times convinogj
the b0Y thﬂt ‘there was a “nigger in the ﬁxd-
pile” somewhere. Two months later Fred was
obli ed to call on the tug and lighters again to
get 5 New York order to the metropolis. On
théeod road to Greendale his wagons had to cross 3
Iv: d en bridge over a deep creek, and the driver;
a_ reported to Fred that they were afraid the
bridge wasn t strong enou h to stand many heavy
loads in succession. So viien the boy almost
ready to send another 1o_t of steel by
he took so trip to_ the bridge with a capable man
‘°i4‘i‘.‘”“”°.‘.“?i'i...~,‘-?..i“.‘l}"“'.i’; bridge
e expe i at e ' was strong
enough to stand the strain, and explained what’
it was that had given the drivers the idea, am:
it was not. Two nights bfore the wagon train
was to carry the steel to Greendale Fred had a
vivid dream about that bridge.
was a dark night and he was standing near the
bridge looking at it and ﬁguring upon it 
Suddenly _out‘of the gloom came three men with
saws and a small sledge-hammer. They paid no

, attention to him whatever, though he recognized

them as Stark, Harrup and Grimes. He saw
them get down on the end of the bridge near
where he stood and be to saw the heavy sup-
ports part way throng . When they had accom-

plished their purpose they went went away. At

that point he woke up. ,

The dream impressed him a good bit, but he
tried to reason out that it could only bea
ment of his brain. For all that, he couldn't quite
_banish it from his -mind. He ﬁnally decided to

walk to the bridge, which was only a mile and a‘

half out of town, and take a look at it to satisfy
himself that it was in the same condition it was
when.the expert went over it. Various things
cropping up prevented him from carrying this
plan out during the day, and it ﬁnally slipped
his mind until he was eating his supper.
, "I'll go to—morrow,” he told himself, but he
soon-fouiid that he couldn’t think of anything but
the bridge. Finally he decided that there was
time enough for him to reach the bridge and look
at it before night fell. He put on his hat, and
without saying where he was
for the bridge at a rapid pace. wilight was just
falling when he- arrived at the stream. -There
was still light enough for him to see all he want-
ed,_ so he got down under the end of the bridge
and looked the supports over carefully.
was nothing the matter with them.
amined the opposite end of .the bridge and found
that all right, too. - _

“I guess I’ve been a fool to come here on a
wild-goose chase," he muttered as he stood at the
end of the bridge in the gathering darkness and
gazed down into the water.

It was now quite dark and he couldn’t see the

water any longer, so he thought it was time for "

him to turn around to go back home. At that
moment he heard the sound of men’s voices com-
ing toward him from the direction of Dover. The

men were not far away, and were hidden‘-from.

him b the turn in the road the trees and

  

ii;"ngi.m

He thought it‘

ing, he started .

There-
He then ex? '

ry, as well as my the. arkness; 

r

 
    
 

  

 

 
  
 
  

. .r::*=*-
  {it would  a considerable loss

thought he’d let them pass him and drew back
under 5a tree. ‘Presently he saw three forms
indistinctly in the night air. They were making
straight for the bridge. When they got op-
ﬁosite to him one of the men struck a match and

ghted his pipe. Fred gave a gasp. They were
the men of his dream—-Grimes, Stark and Har-
rup, and moreover, two of them carried saws and
the third a small sledge-hammer. It was the
very reproduction of his vision, and he himself
was standing just where he thought he stood in
his dream.

“It’s early yet,” said Stark. “"We’ve got the
whole night before us to do’ the job, and I don't
think it will_ take mor’n a couple of hours to
weaken the end of the bridge suﬁicient for the
purpose in view.”

“And that purpose is to dro the first wagon-
load of steel into the creek, an out the others off

, from the other side,” laughed Grimes.

“That’s the idea exactly ” said Stark. “I reck-
on this time there won't be any hitch in the ar-
rangements. Wheaten is a pretty clever fellow,
a deal cleverer than _I thought. Still we would
have blown his works sky-high that night if it
hadn’t been for that drunk who stuihbied into
the shed after we life and released our prisoner.”

“You fellows got clean oil‘ and I had -to face

_the music. I oouldn’t prove no alibi because I
was pinched in front of .the oﬁice. However, I'll
be missin’ when the time for my trial comes on,”
said Grimes, who seemed to be in good humor on
this occasion.

The fact of the matter was he  received
$500 from the man who had bailed him out, with
directions to put himself under Stark’s orders,
who, he was told, would see that he was taken
care of. ‘He found out where he was to meet
Stark and he lost no time in going to the ap-
pointed rendezvous. He learned that Stark was
in communication with some man in Dover, but
whether this person was the man who had bailed

' him out ofijail or not he could not tell, nor did

he care. For more than two ‘months the_ men did
nothing but enjoy themselves in their hiding-place
and then Stark received certain orders which he
was now about to carry out. Fred watched the
three rascals as they stood near the end of the
bridge and talked together. His mind was in a
whirl of anxious excitement, for he kn_ew_ very
well what their mission was, and this mission, if
carried out, would put _a big spoke in. his wheel.
It would prevent him from gettin his steel
to the landing at Greendale, where t e lighters
were already waiting to receive it. He could
think of no plan by which he could wholly defeat
‘their purpose. The only thing he could do was
to let them go ahead and hasten into town after

‘ a squad of police which he would guide out there

and catch the villains red-handed. But by that
time they would have so weakened the bridge

  that no steel could pass _over it until it had been
thoroughly repaired again, and this would prob-

ably take several days. _ _
The loss of so much time would greatly inter-
Ifere with his arran ments. It would ‘be ex-
-too, as he ﬁnd chartered_the tug and
rs by the day, with their crews. At

was thinking the
Eiced a dark-lantern from

   

i=*RoM MILL TO MILLIONS

Then the three rascals, leaving the saws and
sledge-hammer on the ground near the edge of
the_bushes, walked over to the"hridge and began
to inspect the undef framework which they pio-
posed to weaken. Like a flash it occurred to
Fred that here was the chance to queer the

rascals before they did any harm. He would"

try and capture their implements, and without
them they could do_ nothing. _

It was a great risk he was taking, for they
were three to one against him, and Grimes alone
could pretty well handle him when his monkey
was up; but the eiugency of the moment banished
from the boys mind all thoughts of the risk. So
while they were busily employed at the bridge,
unconscious of the presence of an unseen watcher,
and that watcher l_?‘red Wheaten, the young steel
manufacturer, against_whom they were working,
lie made his way anutiously to the spot they had
Just left and _took possession of the saws and the
hammer. With these in his hands Fred moved
of into the bushes along the hue of the stream.

CHAPTER XVI.--Coiiclusion.

When he got a little distance away he drop-
ped them into the stream. Then he returned
to the road and shinned up a tree near the spot
where the men left their tools. After a while
th_ey came back and sat down to ﬁnish their
sinoke, Stark and Harrup being provided with
cigars, while Grimes contented himself with his
ﬂips. _Fred could hear nearly all they said, and

eachuckled to himself when he heard them

laughing at the consternation they expected to -

produce in the morning.

_“Wel1,” said Stark at length, “I guess we
might as well begin operations._ No one seems
to  passing this way, so it isn't likely we’ll
be interrupted. We ought to get through maybe
in an hour. Hello! where are the saws and that
hammer? I thought we left them right here."

“So we did,” replied Harrup. ‘‘Can’t you ﬁnd
them‘! Turn a light on.”

The light failed to reveal the articles, and
the men were greatly
they had searched all a ut the spot.

f‘Where in thunder could they have got to?”
said Stark in an impatient tone. “I’m positive
that we dropped them here, right in front of
these bushes.”

“They ain’t here now,” replied Harrup. “Looks

kind of queer, don't you think?”

“Yes, blamed queer.”

“Some tramp might have been hidin’ here, saw
us leave the tools when we went to the bridge,
and made 01! with them, intending to sell them
for drinks.” I . ' ’

“What are we gain’ to do now?” asked Grimes.

_“We can't do 'anythin’ to the bridge without

saws."

“You'll have to walk to Dover and buy I
couple of more saws and another small sledge-
hammer,” said Stark to Grimes.
bill. Harrup and me will wait for you
Don't be gone any longer than you can help.” "

uzzled, particularly after ‘

"Here is ‘a $5_.

., ,..__ _ _.A4_-._.in

, Grimes acceptcd'tlie.money, but it was clear 

he didn't like‘ going on the errand. It was about  
t enearest hardware store and two 4 

two miles to
miles‘ba_ck again—-four miles

1

altogether.

I .

    

   

 

“It will take me more than an hour,"Ahe

grumpled. _

“That can't he helped. We'll give you an hour

and a half,” said Stark. ,

Grimes had nothing more to say, and Walked
of toward Dover. Fred, who had heard every-
thing that had passed between the men, was

. anxious to be oﬁ also. What prevented him was
‘ the fact that Star}: and Harrup remained_ near
the tree in the foliage of which he _was hidden.
It was necessary for the success of his plans that
he should get away unobserved. The chances
were against that unless the two men made a
change of base. Ten minutes elapsed after
Grimes’ departure, and Fred was gettmﬁ so im-
patient that he was on the.point of ta mg the
risk of sliding down from his perch, when Stark
and Harrup walked-over to the bride once more
and continued their conversation at that point.

That gave the boy the wished-for chance to
slide down the tree and take to the road around
the turn. He started on a jog trot for town,
and in twenty minutes was in front of the sta-
tion-house. He rushed in, and after announcing
_who he was, told the otﬁcer in charge that he
wanted three or four policemen to go to the
bridge with him to capture three rascals who
intended to injure it as soon as the tools they
had sent for arrived. _

"One of the men is Phil Grimes, now out on

; V bail pending trial. I judge he intends to jump
 his bail anyhow. The other two are the men
.‘ wanted for trying to blow»up the steel works.
  is a ﬁne chance to get the men who have

Elven the detectives the slip.”

_Fred gave the oﬂicer a hurried outline of the
situation with reference to the bridge, and ﬁve
ofﬁcers were detailed to accompany the boy to
the scene. They started at once, and Fred h_oped
they would get out of town in advance of Grimes.
They reached the- neighborhood of the bridge in

.» due Qime, and the boy led- them oi? the road,
through the shnibbery and trees. to 3 P011"?
whence they could get a dlm.V'°W of the struc-
ture that spanned the stream. Two ﬁgures were

. standing not far away in the open. Fred knew

were Stark and Harrup.
_ “There are our men." he said to the policeman
In charge of the detail.

The oﬂicer gave the word to rush out and take
the two off their guard. The move was neatly
executed-, and before Stark or H_arrup had the

suspicion of the state of tlungs they were
in the hands of the policemen.

They were handcuffed together and then to
‘B one of the policemen. Fifteen iiunutes later
' «Grimes came along with the two saws and sledge-
’ iner. He was easily captured. The entire

Fred made the

   

% .

; ‘P ni ht. Next morning they were

 - ‘ ge aim y an arrup un_
” -1-... ..I’i°‘°’°‘,.f“i‘.‘.is..§i; an ae»
-  ht bail to answer for the crime of attempting
y’ *0 blow up the Atlas works, while Grimes was
._:- . °tted to go. He was shadowed by ..a detec-
:' Eiiowever, and when he boarded a train a few
with a ticket for Chicago, he was

  
 

‘A arrested and with attempting to'leave
rﬁestate. In a coupleof days amen a
‘§lclI_crcd’tliepreacribedbail£oi-the of

1-.

FROM MILL TO MILLIONS

23

Stark and Harrup. They were released with the
iénderstanding that they were not to leave the
tate.

No sooner were they free than they immedi-
ately took a train for Pittsburg. Two detectives
followed and re-arrested them. A month later
the three rascals were tried for the attempt on
the Atlas works, were convicted, and sent to
prison—Grimes for ﬁve years, the other two for
ten each. Who was back of them Fred never
discovered, but he was satisﬁed that the unknown
party or parties had had enough of their effort
to injure the Atlas Steel Works, for thereafter
Fred and his plant were not mplested. Just be-
fore Thanksgiving Day of that year Mr. Clarke
paid Fred another visit.

This time he brought a letter from the presi-
dent of the big. combine. It contained a deﬁnite
oﬁ'er for the Atlas works at a twenty-ﬁve per
cent. advance on the price Fred could show he
had given for the plant. It offered Fred the
management of the works at a salary of $10,000
a year. And ﬁnally he was tendered a certain
annual sum of money for the use of his new
steel discovery. Asking for time to consider the
matter, he showed the letter to Mr. Bacon. The
magnate agreed that he couldn't do better than
to accept the liberal terms of the trust.

“This offer means millions to you, Wheaton,
and now that on have practically forced the
combine to ma e terms with you it would be
foolish not to accept, since there is no further ob-
ject to be gained in ﬁghting them any longer.”

Accordingly, Fred told Mr. Clarke that he was
prepared to arrange with the Steel Combine on
the lines laid down in the president's letter.
Lawyers on both sides got busv and the papers
were drawn up and signed which made the Atlas
works a part of the trust, Fred Wheaton its
resident manager, and the recipient of an assured
income that promised to make a millionaire of
him many times over in the course of time.

Soon after the arrangement went into elfect
on the ﬁrst of the new year, Fred asked Mr.
Bacon if he had any objection to him as a future
son-in—law. The magnate said he had not the
slightest; in fact, Fred was just the kind of
young man he would have picked out for his
daughter. So Fred and Bessie Bacon became en-
gaged, and thus one of the dreams of his life
was realized.

Next week's issue will contain “THREE GAME

SPECUI.-ATORS; OR, THE WALL STREET
BOYS’ SYNDICATE.” ,

BE A DETECTIVE

Make Secret Investigations

Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.
Fascinating work. Excellent opportu-
nity. Experience unnecessary. Partic-
ulars free. Write:
GEORGE R. WAGNER
Former Government Detective
1968 Broadway. New York

' G&ﬁf

    
    

  

 

Charlie Cooper’s Curves

THE STAR PLAYER OF THE
UNKNOWN NINE '

By Gaston Game

 

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER I.
The Ball Game At Dover.

Crack! '
It was not the report of a ﬁrearm, but the
nund made by a baseball and bat as they came

er.
“ oop! Hurrah! Go it, Charlie; it's a homer,
sure!”

The one voice was quickly drowned by at least
two hundred, and the eyes of the excited crowd
were upon a handsome, athletic boy of
seventeen, who was sprinting for first base as
though his very life depended on it.

It was the last inning of an exciting game be-
tween the crack Dover team and an unknown nine
that had drifted in town that afternoon.

E Dovers had been scheduled togilay with the

'1' us, but on account of a railroa accident the
visitors had failed to arrive.
I After waiting until ten minutes past four the
manager of the Dover club got up and announced
that there would be no game, and that the patrons
could get their money back at the box-office.

Then it was that a bright, handsome young fel-
low.of seventeen arose from a seat on the bleach-
ers and in a clear, loud voice announced that he
had a nine there that would play the Dovers if
ﬂiey desired it, and gave his guarantee that it
would be a good game.

Some of the crowd were walking out already,

' but when they heard the boy’s offer they paused a

minute.
The majority wanted to see a game, and they
were quick to express themselves for it. _
The result was that, after a consultation with
the players of his team, the manager called upon
the young fellow to bring his nine to the diamond.
’ Then nine healthy, active boys, not one of whom
had reached his eighteenth year, stepped down
from the seats and walked around to the gate
to get to the diamond. ‘

They all had caps on, and some of them had

it, satchqls with them.

Others had uniforms _under their everyday
-clothes, and they were quick to show up_in them.

The ._unknown nine certainly did not uitend to
keep the crowd waiting any longer.

In just ﬁve minutes from the time the manager
got up to speak-there were two nines on the ﬁeld.

There was quite a cont st in them, too, for the
Dover players were all wn men, many of them

Ageing h;red professionals, while the Unknowns, as‘

_chosetoletthemslvesbek_nownb'!W€1‘e

 The mu gu up and said he hoped the

bear up with it and not be rough

  
 

   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

on the boys if they did not get a run, and then
the game began.

The biggest part of the crowd had remained,
and they were ready to declare that they were
seeing the game of their lives.

The Unknown nine had surprised them all, and
when Charlie Cooper, the pitcher of the boys’
nine, went to the bat in the last inning, with two
out, the score stood 1-1. ’

The Unknowns were the last to the bat, and
until Charlie Cooper hit the ball, as described in
the opening of our story, it looked as though an-
other inning would have to be played, and possi-

ly more. " , ,-

But no! _

_As Harry Hodge, the captain of the Unknown
nine, had declared, it was a “homer."

The ball struck the hard ground twenty feet
from the board fence back of centerﬁeld and
bounded clean over it.

Charlie Cooper came in, his run winning the
game. _

But while the scoring of the second run de-
feated the crack Dover nine, it was the superb
pitching of Charlie Cooper that held them down
without a hit.

The pitching of the boy had been really the fea-
ture of the game.

One after another the sturdy athletic players
had fanned out, and the crowd had been won over
to the cool, handsome young fellow, whose curves
were so mystifying.

“Well, boys, I am awful glad we took a nation
to take the trolley and come over to Dover," said
Captain Harry Hodge, as the nine changed their
umforms in the dressing-room that was built un-
der the grand-stand on the Dover grounds. “We
got disappointed and came down to see what was
advertised to be a real professional game between
the Dovers and the celebrated Easton team, and
instead of looking on we took part. I doubt very
much if the Eastons could have done any better
than we did./ But it is all on account of Charlie
Coopei-’s curves. He's the star player of the Un-
kno’wn nine, and he ought to be captain instead of
me. ’ ' ‘

“No, Harry,” said the plucky young pitcher, as
he paused in the act of getting the grady flannel
shirt over his head, “you are captain, an you are
in the right place. My place is in the pitcher’s
box, and if I did well it was because you managed
things so perfectly that we all got a dose of gin-
ger. We only made one error, believe, and the
Dovers got their only run by it. It is the first
time we ever. played a semi-professional team, but
I hope it won't be the last.” _

“It won't be the last, not if money has any-
thing to do with it,” spoke up a man in a gray
tweed suit, as he pushed his ‘Way through the
dressing-room to the side of the young pitcher.
“Young fellow, I want to shake hands with you.
My name is Roberts—Fred Robetrs. I am an ar-
dent lover of baseball, and I must say that I never
saw a better game in my life than you fellows put
up this afternoon." ‘ V

Charlie Cooper shook hands with the man, fd
he quickly saw in him an honest, strai tforwulr
fellow, who was an enthusiastic base

crank,
and one who no doubt had plenty of money It hi 

pearance. -

/

command, judging by his talk ‘and general agn-

  

   

‘i , e players, who were as follows:

Harry Hodge, captain and shortstop; Ben
 H_andy, catcher; Joe Murray, first base; Bob Har-
 rington, second base; Mike Reilly, third base;
 Carl Schmidt, left ﬁeld; Dan Haypole, center-

ﬁeld; Lige Miller, right ﬁeld. ' _
Miller and Haypole were rather gawky-looking
boys, that mi t have been termed “hayseeders”
5! city folks, b t they understood the game, so it
made no difference how they looked. _
Carl Schmidt was a German, who spoke with
_ an accent, but he knew how to cover left garden
to perfection, and he could handle the bat, too.

 

 Mike Reilly was a young Irish American, and .

surely had the making of a professional ball-
  in him.

“jg. rest of the boys were all country lads, pure
~ , and simple. They lived in a village called Farm-
 Ville, and it was really wonderful that such an
 3881'°83tion of ball—tossers could be found in such
2 a small place.

’ None of their parents were wealthy—-some of
in far from it, they being mostly old settlers of

that part of the State. _
But the boys had scraped up enough to equip
themselves with neat uniforms and other things
tlgat went to make up what a nine needed to work
V_Vlt.h, and they had been playing great ball, shut-
3, t‘1nI_l&out nearly every country nine they had played

N ’ _Farmville was about ten miles from Dover, and
being disappointed in not having the nine they
' Were to §l:ly that day show up, the boys, as the
is Captain stated, took a trolley car and came
 down to the Dover-Easton game. ‘
They were in luck, so they thought, and when
, ﬂlcyhg at work surprising the paid players of
 the e team a new era opened up for the Un--
 The sun was setting when they walked out of
the ' -rain with  Frid Roberts‘, Eh:
¢Xplained' that e was a ewar man, an a
 he had quite an inﬂuence in baseball ciieles.
 .“I ‘want you boys to come over -and Play the
 Newai-ks,” he said, as the nine walked along in
{I front of the d-stand to the exit of the en-
V“ closure. "1 will arrange it so you will receive a
A’ llmidred dollars if u will agree to come.”
j‘, . “A hundred d ars!" cried Charlie. Cooper.
y, that is more mone than our nine could
89% together in a month, r. Roberts.” _ _
‘ “I mean what I say, Cooper. I am not ﬂving
, , Ont an joke. I want you to come to Newar an
 . Y Jhe team there, and I want you to beat
em.

“The N ks re better players than the
Dove;-3, I £35," rehiarked Harry Hodge, shaking

I will bet a thousand dollars that you
em——that is, if you play the same kind
did this afternoon.’_ _
that, all ri t,” said Charlie Cooper-
’ do say it myself. I am
8 ”“"-i:"‘ ‘€.¥.,"i"i°’°‘ °°“‘....:‘
pc, en, ave_ -
getsol‘ ave pretty goodoontrol overthe

ha " d Fred Roberts laughed-
yrguthegedasgi is over u will be re-
rts of oﬁers to join _ e m‘0feS8l0l181
if I am not rixht.

 

 

 

   
   
  
 
  

R.

51
.1

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
Charlie quickly introduced him to the rest of .

25

While waiting for the trolley they talked it
over, and ﬁnally Roberts told them that he would
be over to see them Monday and talk over the
prospects.

_W~hen the_Unknown nine went back to Fann-
ville that night they were as happy as young
baseball players could be. They had put a stain
on the record of the crack Dover team, but tlgaly
felt that the glory they got out of it was we .
sometning.

CHAPTER II.
A Startling Revelation.

Farmville was not much of a village for base-
ball cranks.

Most of the population consisted of farmers.

and truck gardeners and their families, and they
were people who went along in almost the same
run their gran athers had traveled in.‘

Consequently it was no great reception that the
-boys of the Unknown nine received when they
came home that evening from Dover.

Charlie Cooper lived with his mother and
grandmother in an old-fashioned_ farmhouse near
the outskirts of the village.

Charlie’s father had disappeared in a strange
manner when he was but an infant and had never
been seen or heard of since.

The gossips had it that he had left his wife and
baby because he no longer cared for them, but the
wife and mother knew better than that.

This placed a sort of cloud on the life of Char-
lie, but he bore up bravely under it and made the
best of it, as a brave and willing boy should.

There was a shiftless fellow living in the town
who went by the name of Ben Spikes, and on sev-
eral occasions, when under the inﬂuence of liquor,
he had made assertions that reflected on Char-
lie and his mother.

Once Charlie had thrashed him, though he was
a rather powerful-built man of forty, and since
that the rascally fellow had remained still on the
subject.

As our hero parted from his companions and
made his way along the path that led through a
patch of woods to his home he head voices in a
neighboring thicket, and recognizing one of them
as belonging to Ben Spikes, he paused to listen.

“.So, Ben Spikes, you have  deceiving me
all these years, have _you‘!” the voice of a stranger
said. “You were paid to  John Cooper fifteen
years and, you did not do it. What became of
him, then?”

“Ther last I heard of him he was bein’ dragged
aboard a ship that was to sail fur China that
night, George Orris. I didn’t have ther nerve to
do it. I found a way to git rid of him when I
follered him to New York that day. It only cost.
me ten dollars to do it, an’ ther man I done’ the!-
business with said it wasn't likely that John
Cooper would ever come back. It’s all right, I
guess. He ain't never come back. has he? Now
if you don't give me ther hundred dollars I wait
I'll jest let it be known how Cooper cunelto dis-
appear, an’ who it was that ther money what

his by rights.”

come from the old c_ountry— er fortune that wn. ' » ‘ I

 

   

 

  
 

*‘ L was no gme here but we went over to Dover and
9

26 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Then the strange voice uttered an oath; there
was a cry from Ben Spikes and the sounds of a
ﬁerce scuﬁle. ‘

Charlie Cooper was ever ready to help any one
in danger. He believed Ben Spikes was in danger
of his life, and though he had no love for the
inan, he was not going to pass by without helping

im.

He plunged into the thicket and then came upon
a thrilling scene. _

In a little clearing, and directly in the line of
a patch of moonlight, were two men in a ﬁerce
struggle. *

One was forcing the other to the ground, and
as Charlie rushed forward a knife ﬂashed in the
hand of the aggressor. .

S tl

C arlie could hit a fearful blow—as hard as
most men, for he had muscles like iron.

The man dropped the knife and staggered back
into the bushes. ,

He did not attempt to renew the ﬁght, but the
sounds of rapidly receding footsteps told that he
was ﬂeeing from the spot.

What the boy had heard had set his heart beat- ‘

ing wildly, and fearing that Ben Spikes had re-
ceived a wound before he reached the scene, he
knelt over him. ,

But the man had been more frightened than
hurt, it seemed.

“Is it you, Charlie Cooper?” he gasped, as he
got upon his feet, assisted by the boy. “Well, it
was lucky that you hap ned to come along. That
man meant to kill me— ill me! Do you hear?"

“I hear what you say, Ben," answered Charlie,
slowly.- “I heard what ou both said_ before you
were attacked by him. ow, Ben Spikes, I want

to come home with me. Come right along!
€11 must tell my mother and grandmother all
about this. You were hired by that man to kill
my father, so he mght get hold of some money
that belonged to my father. I heard it all. You
have got to make a clean breast of it to mother, or
as_ls'i'i’re as you are standing there you will go to
Jan .

The boy spoke so earnestly, not to say threaten-
ingly, that the disreputable fellow cowered be-
fore him and began to shiv_er. _ _

»“I'll go with you, Charlie,” he said, falteringly.
“But don't talk about havin’ me locked up. I

aint done nothin’ that I should be locked up fur.”

The brave young baseball pitcher now took the
man by the arm and led him to the path, the same
as he might have done with a child. ‘

He did not mean to let him get away from him,

1 that was certain.
Where the scoundrel, who had so nearly com- ’

mitted murder, went he did not know. And he
did not think of pursuing him just then. He had
it in his mind that Ben Spikes was the man he
wanted.

The Cooper house was not far distant and the
two soon reached it. _
’ “Where have you been so long, Charlie?” asked
the boy’s mother, as she met him at the door. “I

A .~ heard Tznn Jenkins say that the baseball nine did

not come, and that there was no game in the ﬁeld
over by'the _mill todzz." ‘
“That's righ , m er,” was the reply. ' There

re. We beat the Dover  two to

    

one, too. But just see who I have got with me,
mother! _I have made a great discovery."

“Why, it is Ben Spikes, as I live!" exclaimed
the good woman. “I was astonished to see you
bringing him here, Charlie.”

‘No doubt of it, mother, but just prepare your-
self to hear something that will awaken old mem-
ories. _Mother,_ I have reason to believe that
father is still alive somewhere in the wide world."

The woman gave a low cry and acted as though
she was going to faint.

But a word from her son calmed her somewhat,
and then they went into the house.

Ben Spikes sat down in a chair, trembling and
silent.

Charlie's grandmother was called in, and she
stared when she saw who it was the bo had
brought home with him, for, be in said, Ben pikes
was no friend to that household.

Assuring the two women that there was no
need for them to get excited, Charlie proceeded
to relate what he had heard as he came along
the path through the thicket. .

The mother and daughter looked at each other
and burst into tears. '

But Charlie soon calmed them, and then he bade
Ben Spikes to make a clean breast of it.

This the man was willing to do, but he wanted
the promise that he should not be arrested.

The promise was iven, so he told the story,
which was substantia ly the same as our hero had
heard in a few words.

George Orris was a half-brother of John Coop-
er, and being a lawyer in the city, he had gleaned
the facts that a lar e sum of money had been left
to Cooper by the eath of an uncle in England.

He had planned to get the money, and the only‘

way to do it was to get the real John Cooper out
of the way and pass off for him himself.

He had given Ben Spikes a thousand dollars
to comimt the crime of murder and Cooper had
disappeared. Then, for years after that Spikes
had_bothered him for more money, threatening
to divulge the plot each time. -

Orris had_come to see him in reply to a recent
threat, and in a ﬁt of rage, because he had been
refused a hundred dollars “hush” money, Spikes

had told him that he never killed Jolm Cooper,

but had succeed d ' tt' hi boa shj
that was boundefoiEnC§ienal.ng m a rd a P

Charlie was a boy with good thinki
and he knew how to use them. ng powers’

When he had thought the matter over he turned
to his mother and said:

“We will let Ben go, mother, and say nothing
about this to anybody for the present. If Ben has
the least spark of anything good in him he will
try to learn the name of the ship father was taken
upon, and then it may be that we can trace him
up and learn his fate.”

“I’ll do that, Charlie Cooperl" cried the man,
rising to his feet and walking to the table upon
which the family Bible rested. “I'll swear on this

book that I'll do all I can to ﬁnd your father! I

believe he's alive, boy—somethin' tells me it."
Then Ben Spikes turned and left the house. and

that was the last seen of him in Farmville for K

many days. -

(To be continued.)

 

. gas“. .1, xi _.i...-u guru.

 

  
   
  

;’ Fame and Fortune Weekly
 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 19, 1926

a "‘*
-._.1

’l‘i:.iuvi.5 TO SUBSCKll5l:.l(.S

1, Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “Postage lfree 8 cents
,0ne Copy Three Months . . . . . .. n ” $_1.0U
One Copy Six Months. ........ " ” 

i " one Co One Year . . . . . . . . . . ..
F“ Dy Canada. $4.50; Foreign, 35.00.
 0 BISND MONEY—At our risk send I‘. 0.
Igigy Oider, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
 In any other way are at your risk. We, accept Postage
V _» ‘Stamps Qle‘G8l|le as ea When sending silver wrap
' the Coin in a separate‘ p ece of paper to avoid. cutting
the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.

 Addi-en letters .to

 

9,‘.

I WESTBURY PUBLISIIING co., Inc.
  168 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C.
 H iL‘A¥‘I;..n'\$i'eo-rno.':a‘a see.

 

" ITEMS OF INTEREST

CHAMP SNAKE HU1§‘£I‘YI1R KILLS FIFTY A

 no Billemeyer, of coiesburg. says he is the
; champion rattlesnake hunter or eastern Iowa.
v He killed ﬁfty in one day recently.

David and Charles Chambers killed forty each
be same day. Each man collected a bounty of
{>0 cents a snake.

 

' RATTLESNAKE SERUM
-‘ A The dread of the rattler may soon be _greatly
L2- reduced, if not totally eliminated. Anti-rattle-
; snake—bite serum in po le cases can now be
purchased by hikers and outdoor workers. The
c 3. San Diego Zoological Society makes a~,busmess of
if extracting poison from the fang—sack of _i-attlers,
‘  ' g the serum from it, and then selling rlt at
1i unore than cost, put up in little cases that can
, be easily carried by all who venture into rattle-
. Snalie territory.

  
 
   
    
  
  
 
  
   
    
    
 
 
    
 
  
    
 

 

. BREEDING SEA-LIONS .
_ Breeding sea-lions for sale is the latest com-
‘ ' menial exploit undertaken in the scientiﬁc world.
The San Diego Zoological Society has fhlpped
ﬁfty-seven sea-lions so far this year to different
-_ ’_ rts of the world._ _ V

 7  One pair of breeding lions, ten Years old. have
furnished forty-four offspring t_o the zoo. forty-
l1I'o of which have been sold, with two cubs left.
The whale Stock of the 'zoo’s animals is valued
3:; about 380,000.

 

Perhaps bakeries will be padlocked now.
ytontainnaleohol, according to tests made recently
chemists at Cornell'Colloge, Iowa. Sometimes
it contains much more alcohol than the Volstead
allows-—the Cornell tests have revealed an al-
coholic content as high as 1.9 per cent. in ordinary

- . from bakery and  ovens.
_ ‘kind of yeast used, the time the bread sets,

the temperature of linking, all affect the
‘iflzount of alcohol in the bread. ‘

 _ ALCOHOLIC BREAD ‘

    
 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

   
 

2?:

ENGLISH BOY’S BRAVE ACT

The royal S. P. C. A..has lately awarded a
silver medal for the plucky action of a Barrow.
Scotland, lad in saving a ﬂock of sheep. ~

Samued Sidaway, is employed by an Ulverston
farmer, whose sheep graze on the fine pastures '
stretching down to Morecombe Bay. While work-
ing in a ﬁeld one day, he heard a loud bleating,
and found that a flock of forty-six sheep ha
strayed so far‘ out on the marshes as to be sur-
rounded by the incoming tide. ,

The farmer was away from home; it was for
Samuel to decide what was to be done.

He did not take long in making his decision.
Although a cold winter's day, he stripped and
swam out to the sheep, crossing a channel in
which the tide was running strongly. Then he
seized one of the sheep and swam with it back to
safety, while the rest of the ﬂock, having been
given a lead, followed. After ha. ' swum 200
or 300 yards the entire ﬂock reacliydnigiry land.

Samuel Siddaway is modest about himself, and
his ‘ltirave action did not come to light for many
wee s.

 

LAUGHS"

Husband—You never kiss me except when you
want money. Wife—Well. isn’t that often

enough?
She (get ' readv to go out)—What are
looking at? e—I was just watching who

that house opposite will be ﬁnished first, or you.

Cal1er—This poem was written by a lawyer.
Has it any value? Editor (glancing through it)
—-About as much value as a legal opinion writ-
ten by a poet.

“Johnnie,” asked his teacher, “can you give us
a sentence, using the word ‘income’ in ‘it?’
Johnnie hesitated a moment. then: "Yes’uin." he
repliéed. “The boy opened the doors. and in come
at ca .” '

‘ “From the grammatical standpoint," said’ the
fair _maid with the lofty forehead. “which do you
consider correct, ‘I had rather go home,’ or ‘I
would rather go home?” "Neither," promptly re-
sponded the young man. “I’d rather stay here."

 

“I beg your pardon. but didn't I see you-put
two or three ﬁnger-prints ante scarf-pin in-your
pocket?” said a Jeweler. “C_ertainly‘.” replied the
grocer. “Whenyou come into my place aren't
you always picking’ up things and putting them
in your month?”

“Now, boys,”_said the Sunday school teacher.
addressing the Juvenile class, “can either of you
tell me anything about Good Friday?” “Yea.
ma’ain, I can,” replied the boy at the foot of the
class. "He was the fellow what done the house-
work for Robinson Crusoe.”

Young Wife—I received today a beautiful di-\
ploma from the cooking‘ school—-on parchment-,__
and I've celebrated by making: you this dish.
Now, just guessowhat it is. Young Husband
(chewing on his burnt- omelet)—The diploma? ‘

.\ . . -.

 

  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
   
   
 

",4

A GHOST

if KWhen'I was a lad of seventeen I was an oﬁice
T ‘for Pinkertoii’s Philadelphia agency, and was
' of course, to be sent out on a case.

Every time the captain got a new Job I would
mlideu tohiinandsay: "’
.. “Ca n, you'd better let me go out on that.

. would answer with a quizzical grin:
 '-“Not this time. Harry. Wait till the next case.”
5 -in December of that year there was a
. gt“: rush of business at out oﬂice.

~ We‘ Had ﬁfteen detectives, all _old experienced
.  they were upon the Jump night and

 could zcxlot handlfathe busineﬁisn tlitiiltatwgz
gaging a in was wis g
maolie  II remember as well as can
sitting in my chair by the. door and the 68?‘
1;g,m"¢aBing out in fun from his private oﬂice:
"‘i‘! guess we’ll let you take the next case, Har-
-. r

-5.’ had he said the words when the door
inpeuedand a raw oldcountryinan entered.
T331-proved to be Joe Baylis, 21 Montgomery
$3-it,‘ justice ofthe eace, and he wanted the
eaytaiafto send a man down with him to attend to
ghost who was cutting_ didos at Fort Washing-
gmn; .'1'he'» captain told him hevwould send a man
’ sqnn ashe had one at his disposal.
The pld fellow felt, and I jumped to my feet.
"Captain," 1 said, “send me on the case."
‘nu gaptain leaned back in his chair, and looked
, Jae hard
 what would ‘you do? _ _
 ' a very elaborate campaign against

3" ﬁfhlet me ﬁnish, and then said: ’

“"1’ou’d make a confounded ass of yourself now,
'ﬁeuliIn’t you? You’d make us the laughing-stock
 town. «Now, listen. In the first place, al-
 bear in mind there’: no such thing as a
' If I send you to Fort Washington, go
ie with that idea in your head——-there is no
_ 3'thing- as a ghost. If you see the ghost and

".;;_ear.enough, Jump _for it. Ilont be _afraid.
‘ ‘ '1: hurt you; Jud; Jump for it. It will turn
to be a human being——no doubt of that. Now,

 go and try your hand. If you see the
' ’ g and think you can't handle it, lie low and

 

  

  

, it and see who it is." A d I
 n ' , a awa went.

’ ’_  l>gi'?veefnI!o1"n‘iit‘e¥vasn broad ,ydaylight
;,  were times, when I wished myself
0! ta Forgt. Washington about three o'clock,
  way to the haunted house from

3,tIstanlazent,- ’

  

‘ itiorra hill half a mile from the toyvn.
A -ﬁvvor witlunterest and a?preheiui_an._
A "7 hold, white,,_fraine standm *

   

   

FAME AND FORTUNE. WEEKLY

here, Harry,” he said, ,"‘suppose I were to, be

There was an outhouse so situated that an -
one concealed in it could overlook the w ,
stretch of wall from end to end, and I made up
my mind that this was the place for me to get
into before’ the ghost made its appearance. Then
I went back to the hotel, took my supper and
chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about
the ghost.

I learned that it first appeared about three
weeks before my arrival.

A man named McTanish, an ignorant farmhand,
was the first person to encounter it.

He was coming to the town one night from the
grist-mill with a sack of meal on his back, and - 4
paused for a moment in front of the old house to *-.§
set the bag down on a stump and rest his shoul- ,
der. He heard a noise behind him, and. turning 3.
around. saw standing on the wall a ﬁgure -he I :1
afterward said was thirteen feet high at least. 7
He. did not stop to observe the ﬁgure very care-’ 1 .:
fully, though, but ran as hard as he knew how I
down the road. ._

The next day a party of men saw the ghost,
and they also ran. ‘ F -;

They said the ghost made for them breathing 
ﬁre and brimstone. and acting in a peculiarly Q‘
weird and unholy manner. I 4 ;

After that the house was avoided at night, but ‘ ‘
several strong parties of men, including 813- "
lectmen of the town, saw the ghost from »a re-
spectful distance.

It approached them in each case, and in each
case they took to their heels.

About dusk I stole down to the deserted house,
and it was dark when I got there.

I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cau-
tiously in and shut the door again.

Hardly had I shut the door when I knew that i
there was some other person in that outhouse.‘ ' _
I felt sure there was somebody close to my ,el- ‘  A

 

' i.A.—_«..;5- l.-.‘.,,. n-. e. ‘V . .: 

w. . .
I was trembling like a leaf, but I inana to
pull a match from my pocket and strike it. held .— 
it up. It showed me a bi white muffled ﬁgure _~ =.~_‘5_
not two feet away. Then t e match went out. , 
Was I scared? \ = I ’ 3
Well, now, I should say so! --  
There are some geople who laugh at the idea‘ of
a man’s hair stan mi on end. .
They say it is a p ysical impossibility, but 1 f
know better. . " > '
I could feel my hair rise right up and lift my‘ A ‘ ‘
hat, and my ﬂesh crept. _  .  ~
But I had no time to think.
I 'umped._
I ad to Jump.
I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. -
I was so frightened I seemed to lose conscious-. ’
Eels: for a moment, but grabbedsomething 
e on. ,< "
When the first shock passed I felt the gii&
tugging and pullin to get away from‘mo.. ‘
tseemedasbadl frightenedaslwagsnditi .-
hands were soft an warm. ’ . ,,
“Don’t hurt me," it said, in a 
088$ ﬁlm

 
  
       
    
      
       
     
      
    
 
  
 

     
   
      
    

I had no voice to re y with. _
I was choking. but pulled my on ‘vs
thgrllawu and looked at it in the

    

    
 

 . recovering from a shock of electricity, but when
’ law that I had caught a real genuine ﬂesh-and-
Hood girl, and no ghost, I began to feel better,
Ind presently was able to talk.

, “Who are you?” I asked. ’

. ‘Jennie Ba '8.”

~-,-. “What! The daughter of Joe Baylis?”

.. “Yes. sir-" . . ,,

it “What are you doing t}us for?

.‘; The girl began to cry-

-.-’ She said she had not meant any harm. _

f ‘ She and her sister had played ghost Just t0
A have some fun. ‘ _ _

Her sister was usually with her, but did not
‘euiﬁthisnight,asshewastoobusy. _

She had heard from her father that a detec-
tive was coming to catch the $1108‘; but 910‘! ht
he was not due for a day 01'; W0. and 1395017 ‘''°
'» ngke one xast appearance and then give up the

' ' performance till things calmed d°“”"
’ “Who are you?” she  -
“Pin the 'detective,_” I said. . 9”
_ “W1”: gre you going to do with me.
~ . 1 3354 she was my prisoner, and as suclrl must
deliver her up ‘to the authorities, and after a
, ‘good deal of waiting she suggested that had bet-
ter give her up to her own father, the Justice.

I to do that, and, picking up the sheet,
' I hel her arm and took her with me to her

‘faﬂiei-'s house. about a mile distant. _
When we t to the farmhouse where Jennie
‘lived it was alf-past nine o'clock.

. - Everybody was in bed, and the lights were all
’ ‘it. but I boldly knocked at the door. _

' A window opened, and a man's voice said:

o’s there? ” .

~yIou"°vé‘e°”r°§§i."e°; late. why did you not wait

 till tomorrow? Better come around and see me in
l'"mm°ming'" ' Ih the hst”

A “I want to see you now. ave, it 0 -

At this the window was closed_ with a bang, and
I heard hurried steps on the stair.’ _

The door opened, and old Baylis stood in the
doorway. ‘ p _

He was draped in a very 1011 . Old-fashlfmed
" Vhite gown, and wore a tall, steep e—shaPed night"
One hand held up a tin candlestick, and the
_- other shaded the light.

._ Q 'He looked at me in astonishment, and when he
‘ ‘Hy his daughter and the sheet I thought he was
_l°Ing into convulsions.
, .. “You, Jennie?” he aswed at length.
es. father,” said Jennie. very humbly.
 4 Old Baylis sighed and said, “Come in.”
—‘ pg; He sent for the neighbors immediately. _

m I don-’t know‘what was said at their meeting.
01' I was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave
no a letter to the captain and packed me off on
1, midnight train. ., ,
Next morning’ I reached the office early, and
&l|d the men present, waiting for the cap-
 to detail them. ‘
men, 'nned at me, and passed the time of

enough.
 all-knew where I had been, and antici-
‘;_l»‘woaderfu1-tale of disaster and defeat,
they were ready to laugh

  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
   
 

c

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

at,‘ although I was, icals contains

29

a favorite with them, having done many a piece
of extra work for every man there -
“I thought I sent you to Fort Washington, ' '
Harry?” said the captain.
“Yes, sir.”
“Made an ass of yourself, I suppose?” .
‘‘There’s a letter, sir.” ,
While the captain read the letter the men guyed
me plentifully. ,
“This is a very nice letter, Harry,” said the
ciggtaiii. “Boys, the youngster captured the

“Did he_?” said _the men.

_“Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us,’
and then the captain read the letter of the select-
men out loud.

At every sentence I grew a foot. '

“Well, how did you do it?” several inquired.

I told the story, and you may be sure I did not
refrain from giving myself plenty of credit.‘

My tale was very highly colored. ‘

When it was concluded, Long Jim Langdon
drawled out:

“Harry, tell the honest truth. Was you fright-
ened when that match went out?”

“No, of course not!” said I.

But I was frightened two years later, when I
asked the ghost to marry me, and thought she
was going to say no. However, she didn't.

 

A NATURAL WONDER

A natural wonder of the Blackvﬂills. S. D., in

the form of an ice cave, is to be developed and
made an attraction for tourists. The ice cave is
situated at Englewood and is one of the few
natural wonders of its kind in the world.
_ As a unique feature among the natural attracv
tions of the Black Hills it ranks with Wing Cave
and with Crystal Cave. and in some respects in
even more wonderful than either of these. The
cave has developed peculiar features, which make
it a most mystifying proposition.

Some ten or eleven years ago, what now is the
ice cave, was run as a tunnel by the late Harvey
Sheﬁer, and had been pushed about ninety feel i
into the hill when -work was abandoned. as no '
satisfactory mineral showing was encountered
The fact that it had the power of producing ice
even during the hottest summer weather was not
discovered until later. '

In the hottest months of tire year ice forms it
the tunnel, sometimes to a depth of three feet, and ‘ '
a remarkable feature is that during cold weather
the ice disappears. On the surface of the ground
above the face of the tunnel is a spot from which’ .
the heaviest snow is melted in winter and grea
grass is always found there. in all seasons of tin“ .
year. ~
The formation of the ice is believed to be dis W
to the presence of certain chemicals in the solu- -’
tions which trickle through the rocks, which, com-
ing in contact with currents of air. cause a long-
ering of temperature. Why the ice should disap-‘_ 
pear inwinter is not so easily explained,‘unl$;,: .
it is that the production of a low tempera ': 
under thecircumstances, requires the presence —‘ .
warm air curﬁents in comunction with the chew!“
in the solutions. I ‘

 
 
     

   
  

  

 

 

y  .7 FAME ANl) FORTUNE 
 .  i » CURRENT NEWS

COD LIVER OIL FOR HENS

Feed a hen cod liver oil, and what happens? The
hen lays bigger and better eggs. Dr. Arthur A.

‘E; ‘ 7 Holmes of Boston described at the recent meeting

‘ of the American Chemical Society how he gave
Rhode Island Red pullets daily doses of cod liver

. oil, rich in vitamin A. Although the_ hens laid
~ more and larger eggs as axresult of this stimula-

tion it did not hurt them physically. They showed

. V’ increased vitality, did not lose weight, and had

more resistance to disease.

. _ TWO-HOUR BREAD
Our ndmothers used to let their bread rise

 A overnight?’ Modern bakeries, however have speed-

ed'up the process, and now the invention of a new
rniadng machine makes it ‘possible to bake bread

’ ~ -, iorutxy minutes after mixing the flour with water.
‘ a

department of milling industry of the Kan-
sas State Agricultural Collqe invented the ma-
chine, says Popular Science Monthly. It is said
to break down the glutten in- the dough, in fact
to do the same thing ordinarily done by fermenta-
tion. The mixing takes only seven minutes, so
counting the time for baking, it may now be pos-
aible to make bread in less than two hours.

,3 - l The texture of the ﬁnished bread is said to be
 " ' as ’good.as that in which the dough has been al-

lowed to rise for several hours._

 A WOOL FROM PINE

Chemically ‘treated pine needles have_ worked
out in Germany as a substitute for wool for cer-
tain purposes very successfully. _By varying the

, process a woolly 'pmduct is obtained that comes
2,’ ; either in the shape of ﬁne sheet wadding or in
 soft ﬂeeces that are used to stuﬁ ma ses.

V The pine wool has ﬁne, strong ﬁbres not unlike

hemp, and ﬁnds its best use when woven into
heavy materials, such as carpets and horse blan-
kets. The new process has a valuable asset in one
. A of its by-products that result from the chemical
 ' treatment necessary to remove the resin from the
.2‘ ’ needles. The sticky residue is shaped into resin-
 ous briquettes, which have a very high fuel use in
' the manufacture of artiﬁcial illuminating gas.

. HOW MANY WEIGHTS ARE NEEDED?
.. ‘A metallurgist who was working out calcula-
tions‘ involving group combinations of metél
weighing from one-ﬁfth of an ounce up to eight
ounces, in one-ﬁfth-ounce increases, found it an
interesting problem to ﬁgure out how few weights,
mad as weights and counterweights on both sides
ogl-the aim lﬁtyscales, _would suﬂice to eﬂ'ect the
necessary 0 W91 .
2  ﬁrst wei bed one-ﬁfth ounce, then two-ﬁfths
‘apnoea. four- hs ounce, one ounce, and so on up
. _€’OT¢5ﬂlt_ ounces.’ ' ‘
‘ﬁaeweizhed metal itself is not employed as
, soilet‘ us ﬁgure out‘ thefewest e
A ofactualw’ tsthatcanbemanipulated
 wt Ins veis » . r _

   
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
  

       
      
 
  

  

. PHILADELPHIA COPS GET FAT ON BEATS

Philadelphia policemen, according to Dr. Mit-
chell Bernstein, specialist in internal diseases, are
too fat. ’Hot dogs, chocolate bars, pie and near
beer make them so, he says.

Obtaining employment as a, Philadelphia police-

man, Dr. Bernstein said in an address before the ' I

ﬁfth annual convention of the National Associa-
tion of Police Surgeons and Medical Directors,
seems to guarantee obesity.

As proof he submitted medical records from the
Department of Public Safety showing that many
new patrolmen, averaging 5 feet 6 inches in
height and 180 pounds in weight, weigh more than

200 pounds after being in the department a year. V

GOVERNMENT EDICT ENDS EPIDEMIC

The swift rise and fal‘l of a serious disease has
been graphically demonstrated recently with the
mysterious “Half sickness” which for a while
threatened to ruin part of Germany's ﬁshin in-
dustry. How modern medical science can unt
down obscure causes and apply the remedy is ex-
cellently shown in this episode. Through a Gov-
ernment edict, an epidemic was suddenly ended.

A little over two years ago ﬁshermen in the
stretch of shallow water along the southern end
of the Baltic between Koenigsberg and Danzig.
known locally as “the Huff," began to develop a
very painful and in some cases fatal disease. Its
symptoms were extreme pain and a kind of paral-
ysis of some of the leg muscles, together with
certain physiological disturbances. It always at-
tacked its victims while they were out in their
boats, and generally in the early morning, while
the mists still hung over" the water. A few days
on shore usually resulted in complete recovery,
but a return to shing might bring on repetitions
of the malady. ‘ n a short time the Haﬁ ﬁsheries
were badly demoralized. ’

The theory that it might be an epidemic of a
germ disease quickly went by the board. The

“I-Iaff sickness” had none of the earmarks of an ‘

ordinary epidemic. Likewise the theory that it
might be caused by the eating of spoiled ﬁsh or
eels had to be abandoned, because many of the
victims did not eat ﬁsh. and ﬁsh-eaters on shore
never suffered from the disease.

The investigators ﬁnally came to the conclusion
that there must be something in the water that
rose into the morning mists and caused the dis-
ease by poisoning the air.
line soon showed that they were right.

The disease was really a kind of arsenic poison-
ing, caused by the discharge into the water of
great quantities of factory wastes from cities on
shore.- These wastes contained arsenic, compounds,
which were altered into gaseous forms by small
organisms living in the water, and thus released
into the air to plague the luckless ﬁshermen. Tho-

arsemc was present in the factory material: only" ‘
as an impurity, so that it was no  to  9

industries when the Government ordered
changeto theusefof other materials with a lower,
person _ e of’arsenic. Within a ‘few months
‘I-Iaﬁ si ess" had virtually vanished.

' l..

  

Research along this ‘.

  

 
 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
‘ BRIEF BUT POINTED

31.

 

DOG CHASING RAT FINDS LOST WATCH

_A While hunting for rats at the barn of  B.

- Goodson, "speck," a dog, unearthed a 17-Jewel

3 gold watch belonging to Henry Goodson, who had
lost the timepiece about a year ago.

A Henry Goodson, who had borrowed T. B. Good-
g.. son's auto, dropped the watch and it fell through
a crack in the barn ﬂoor.

The dog, in digging close to the barn, scratched
the watch out of the rat hole.

 

IF A HORSE COULD TALK

He would have many’th1ngs to 8337 when Sum‘
mer comes.
He would tell his driver that he feels the heat
On a very warm day quite as much as if he could
5 read a thermometer. ‘

He would say: “When the sun ls hot_and I am
Working, let me breathe once in a while In the
shade of some house or tree; If F011 h3Ye t° “Fave
me on the street, leave me in the shade lf possible.
Anything upon my head, betwffen mY_€31'Sv t°
. keep oi! the sun is bad for me, if the air cannot
~ . circulate freely underneath it.

He would talk of slippery streets, and the sen-

. sations of falling on cruel c1ty_cobblestones—-the

I ‘pressure of the load pushing Ill!“ *0 the fan! the

' bruised hiees and wrenched Joints, and the feel

of the driver’s lash.

. He would tell of the luxury of a fly Pet When

‘ at work and of a fly blanket ._when standmg_1n ﬂy
season. and of the boon to him of screens in _the
‘ stable to keep out the insects that bite and sting.

-.

o

 

 

» : 100-YEAR-OLD WOMAN MAKES SEA TRIP
- ALONE

..« It is not considered remarkable when a. Ymmg
 man or woman from some foreign country com?
T to America to build a home and establish hlmse
or herself in new surroundings. It IS rare when
= .a centengrian leaves to begin over again in a

man land. ' ,
' Thge is the case with Rachel DWOJPB. Gaboro-

 
     
  
    
   
 
  
 
 

the White star liner Baltic. When asked her

. 080. she said: —

‘ “A hundred, perhaps." _

‘_Exercising .3 womans’ .pel'l’089-*1“: she grew
. on the manifest as ninety.-four. She explained
- ~nhe was under the impression that persons Over
A gyle hundred were not allowed to enter the coun-
 'l“he wmnan was met at the filer by 1191' tW°
-daughters, Mrs. Esther Garelitt, of No. 735 South
Olin meet. Rochester. N. Y.. and ,MrS- 1-
1'¥0dn. onto. 178 (mam; stret. Jersey City-

 

*‘.‘§*¥-1I’nnAsAcUREY1ELDsNEwFAcTs

o -4 A _ _b
3'h'°,.a.'.g.'h°"7°"§o tewillD°.t

. “jg ¢ﬁ~' ‘ interestinl

' .

'3  from Kovno. Lithuania. 81‘1'lVln8 recently 0" '

Elan: a few years for the trip across and her 118%

. -ini_f 1;
*°«=-“v°v““'a...:”...m°:.

facts about malaria that have been established as
a result of attempts in insane hospitals in the
United Kingdom to cure paralysis of the insane by
intercurrent action of malaria.

Artiﬁcially induced malarial fever is oneof the
most modern methods of treating paralysis and
insanity, though the curative effect of fevers on
mental disorders was known to such ancient heal-
ers as Hippocrates and Galen. While cures have
been affected in from 20 to 30 per cent of the cases
so treated and intermedia’te results have been ob-
tained in others, the medical world has become
much more interested in the disease being used as
the curative agent.

It has been possible to learn several things
about malaria when it is induced artiﬁcially and
is observable from start to finish under laboratory
conditions that were not clearly understood be-

'fore. Lieut. Col. P. James, of the Ministry of

Health, states that surprisingly enough, it is dif-
ficult to adjust conditions so that the patients
will infect the mosquitoes and the mosquitoes in
turn infect the patients.

Contrary to the belief that malaria lurks in
every stagnant pool, he thinks that in nature the
only mosquitoes that become transmitters of the
disease are those that live under sheltered and
peculiar conditions. ‘The human dwelling,” he
says, “seemed to be the laboratory where malaria
infection had its origin and was cultivated,” and

the life habits of mosquitoes that live under such I

conditions should be carefully studied.

Since the blood of diﬁerent patients varies
widely in degree of the hospitality which it af-
fords to the malarial parasites after they have
been bitten b an infected mosquito, he suggests
that future iochemical research may show a
chemical diﬁerence in the blood of patients of the
types that react so differently. He suggests the
possibility of a blood test that would enable physi-
cians to classify patiests in this respect.

In the course of observing malarial treatment
of general paralytics in ﬁve British mental hos-
pitals, Dr. Warrington Yorke, professor of para-
sitology of the University of Liverpool, found the
cases of induced malaria were ve
with moderate quantities _of quinine.
quinine previous to infection will not prevent a
patient from contracting, malaria, but
amounts of the drug are more eﬁicacious in killing
off the parasites in the blood stream than large
doses. Dr. Yorke advances the hypothesis that
when quinine is introduced into the body it is
aided and abetted in killing oil’ the malarial para-
sites in the blood by certain body cells.

Too much quinine in a single dose, he maintains,
bringsalaboult an exhaustigitplf those cellghgo that
the m aria organism ge e jump on
sitic-killing combination  the result is «Kg:
relapse. This would explain, he says, _the severe
relapse suffered by war cases even during the ad-
ministration of large_quant_zt:es of_quinine. He
suggests that overdosmgwith quinine is a very
possible reason why these war cases and tho

‘ rity of those met with in-private practice  ' ‘

~’ Attocure.

easily cured
Doses of

  

  

‘, OUR TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS

.. Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They contain
ﬁr Valuable Information on Almost
‘ Every Subject.

N 1. NAPOLEOPPS ORACULUM AND DREAM
B0 K.——Containing the great oracle of human destiny.
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams
togﬁther with charms. ceremonies and curious games of
car s. ‘

‘ No. :. HOW TO DO TRlCK_s.—'l'he great book of
magic and card’ tricks, containing full instructions on
all leading card tricks of the day, also the most popular
ms cal illusions as performed by our leading ma-
gi ans: every boy should obtain a copy of this book.

No. 8. HOW 1'0 FLlB'l'.—The arts and wiles of
ﬂirtation are fully explained by this little book. Be-
sides the various methods of handkerchief, fan. glove,
. parasol. window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list
i gt the lgnguage and sentiment of ﬂowers.

No. 8. HOW TO BECOME A SCIEN'l'IS'l'.-—A useful
and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on
chemistry: also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.
mathematics. chemistry. and directions for making tire-

" works. coir-rod tires. and gas bal‘oons. -
V ’ No. 9. HOW TO BECOME A VEN’l'BTL0Q[Tl'S'l‘.—Ry
. , Harry Kennedy. ,Erery intelligent boy reatlin this
book of instructions can master the art, and crea c any
amount of fun for himself and friends.
. No. 10. HOW TO B0x.—The art of self-defense made
‘wv easy. Containing over thirty illustrations of guards.
— blows. and the different positions of a good boxer.
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and in-
structive books. as it will teach you how to box with-
- out an instructor.

110. ll. HOW ‘P0 WIIVTI ‘LOV'l!-I.W'l"l'IiBS.—A most
complete little book. containing full directions for writ-
ing’lov_e.-letters. and when to use them. giving specimen
letters.for young and old.

100. 18. HOW TO DO IT: 03. BOOK 01' E1‘!-
OUE'l“l'E.—It is a great life secret. and one that every
young n‘ian desires to know all about. There's happi-
ness in t.

lo. 15. HOW 1'0 BECOME lIVCH.—"i'hln wonderful
book presents you with the example and life experience
of some of the most noted and wenlthv men in the
world. For those who aspire to fame and fortune. this
book will give von the secret.

No. 10. HOW TO KEEP A WINDOW GARDEN.-
Containing full instructions for constructing a window
garden either in town or count , and the most ap-
proved rnetaods for raising heanti l ﬂowers at home.

No. 17. OW 1'0 DBESS.—Oontain_ing full instruc-
tion in the art‘of dressingand appearing well at home
and abroad. giving the selections of colors. material.
and how to have them made up.

No. is. now To nnco BEAUTIFU‘L.—0ne of
the brightest and most valua le little books ever given
to the world. Everybody wishes to know how to be-
come beautiful. both male and female.

No. as. now -ro nncolu: AN lN'VEN'l'0R.—-Every
boy should know how inventions originated. This book
explains them all. givin examples _in electricity, hy-
draulics. magnetism. opt cs. pneumatics. mechanics. etc.

No. so. HOW TO c00K.—-One of the most instructivs
books on cooking ever published. It contains reci as
for cooking meats. fish. ttme. ﬁnd 0 “E11: also De!
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pas ry. and a gran
collection of recipes.

no. :1. now ro mane nouss.—It contains infor- ‘-

mation for everybody. boys girls, men and women: it
will teach you how to ma e almost anything around
‘ . me house, such as parlor ornaments, make almost any-
,«" thing around the hon . such as parlor ornaments.
" buckets, cements, Aeo an harps. and bird lime for

catching birds. 4
No. 38. HOW ".l'0 BECOME YOUR OWN DOCTOR.-
A wonderful book, containing useful and tactical in-
formation in the treatment of ordinary lseases and
’- ailments common to every family. Abounding in useful

* and effective recipes for general complaints.-
" ' »Nt.. IO. ROW '10 HAIR AND GET TRAPS.—Includ-
" ing hints on how to catch moles. weasels. otter. rats.
ulrrels and birds. how-to cure skins. copiously

ed.
H  '1'!!! BOYS 0!’ NEW YORK END HEN‘!
' JOKE BO0K.—Contalning a great variety of the latest
’ Jokes used by the most famous end men. No amateur
_ ninstrels

 

 

is complete without this wonderful little book.

srocnaIoby".n nanaealcn. orwmseuncuny
addrossoarooeipcof|Ir|oo.10e-v¢00l1-
lnusnsyossta-no.3!

HARRY _E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc.
168 west 23d Street! New York City

      
  
 
 

Fame and Fortune Weekly

:- LATEST ISSUES

1057 A Lucky Contract: or. The Boy Who Made a Raft
of Money.

1058 A Big Risk; or. The Game That Won.

1059 Org‘ Ptir-ate's Isle; or. The Treasure of the Seven

.l'R (-‘l'S.

i060 A Vvall Street Mystery; or. The Boy VVho Beat
the Syndicate.

1061 Dick §iadley's Mine: or. The Boy Gold Diggers of

Mexico.
1062 A Boy Stock Broker; or. From Errand Boy to
Millionaire.
1063 Facing the World: or. A Poor Boy's Fight for
Fortune.
1064 A Tin Worth a Million: or, How a Boy Worked
It In Wall Street.
1065 Billy. tihe fabin Boy: or, The Treasure of Skeleton
S

I an .

1066 Just His Luck: or. Climbing the Ladder of Fame
and Fortune.

1087 Out With His Own Circus: or. The success of a
Young Barnum.

1068 Playing Igor Money: or. The Boy Trader-of Wall

tree .
1069 The llgpyii Copper Miner: or. Ted Brown's Rise to
it‘ 98.
1070 Tips Off the Tape; or. The Boy Who startled Wall
1071 Striking It Rich: or. From Oiiiee Boy To Her-

chant Prince

i072 Lucky in Wall Street; or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers.

1073 In a Class by Himself; or. The Plucky Boy Who
Got to the Top.

1074 Bulling the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Worked

a Corner.
1075 After the ‘Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of the
e

Ju .
1076 Little Jitagy Perkins. the Broker; or. Shearing the
sl Street “Lambs."
1077 The xflriiung Coal Baron: or. Five Years With The
ners.

1078 C0lIilél‘g Money;

t or. The Boy Plunger of Wall
ree .

1(ﬂ9 Among the Tusk Hunters: or, The Boy Who Found

a Diamond Mine. -
1080 A Game Boy; or. From the Slums to Wall Street.
1081 A Wlagiifﬁ Legacy; or. How It Made a Poor Boy
c

1082 Fighting the Morfey Kings; or. The Little Specu-
lator of Wal Street.
1083 A Boy With Grit; or. The Young Salesman Who
Made His Mark.
1084 Ted. the Broker's Son: or. Starting 0ut'For Hira-

self.

1085 Dick Darrell’s Nerve: or. From Engine-House to
Manager's Oflice.

1086 Under A Lucky Star: or. The Boy Who Made a
Million in Wall Street.

1087 Jack’%VFr‘%-tune; or. The Strangest Legacy in the
1-

o .
1088 Taking Chances; or, Playing For Big Stakes.
1089 Lost In the Tropics: or. The Treasure of Turtle

Key.

1090 Ten Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who Broke the
Wall Street Syndicate.

1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name For

1092 Fox &]l")‘:y. Brokers: or. The Young Money Hake:-I
of Wall Street.

1093 The xiiittlet Wizard: or. The Success of a Young
l'lVFll 01'.

1094 A Young Mechanic; or. Rising to Fame and For-

 

 

tune. .
1095 Banks; IlIiarry’sLBoy: or, Gathering the Dollsn Is -.‘-

a Stree

was In the Land of Gold: or. The Young Castaways
of the Mystic Isle.

1097 Eastman & Co, Stocks and Bonds: or. The Twin
Boy Brokers of Wall street.

1098 After the Golden Eagles; or. A Lucky Young Wal
Street Broker.

1099 A Lucky Lad; or. The Boy Who Made a Railroad

ay.

1100 Too Good to Last: or. Six Konths In the Wal
' Street Money Market. '

1101 Dick, The Boy Lawyer‘ or,,Winnin a Big Fee.
L102 Broker Dexter's New lioy; or, A oung Innoeeﬂ

In Wall Street.

ForsalobyaIlncwsdedars.orwlllbes-than)
nddrass on receipt of prion, ac. pa covtn ll honey of
innate shinn-
= WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.

III West 28d Street

r

 

nu-ruxcsggi

 

   
 

 ’ "‘.'>«$x‘\C.\=_'&
. ndfmg

5*

  