No_ 1179 NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1928 pd“ 3 Cent,

URTUNEW

  o STUWE U o °
‘@375 Wmo MAm<@ IM]@N[E'Yo
  NY THE M3,: @375"
   L: - -,T_H LADWHD 5  THEFIRM, o 

. 9. , _ .
‘ 3 " _o,' 1”.’ J-
' / / /J: I »: -_‘ <.-.,_-‘)~..
5. ' ‘ 4 . .‘ neg
. . . .
Q.’ T __ __V_ ‘ J
";_ . - I: ’ _>/,»/ —f‘__,.-~“ _ ~ '
r - L. :1/‘  ' .
‘ . *‘.‘ , - , , . 47--T-‘. ,_ ‘:3 . ‘ ;. ' .g.'-.»

1‘ _--- _ ' _.t .3 . ‘A Q . I ‘I  is f -3;

‘ ' ‘ 54'] J 2 . ‘ 1-. ‘ii :‘ .1  -V W‘ ‘,'.:

; " v -. I I . , ‘ ‘_. ‘ x,

. , -.3 . v, ‘ ~ , _ _

» 3.‘ ;- r‘-3_..: .-, W

5 - =' ,, .‘
 ~-\ 11.,
I 3' - /‘ I ‘yd ‘I J’ ‘
« 1 iv,‘ v
. t.

»
2
.x
.‘ ‘
A‘ ' x
_- 3. q

   
 
 

 

      
    

 

:7

    

'7-{QC

  
  

‘Mr

3! ' »_.._‘-

“|~ ;

ntozagayt-:1

While an of the rucols bloc the ﬂoorwnlker. his compunon tuned for the door with the
th

stolen kotbook. n . attracted to o t by tho dlsturbsnco. can;
not ti-o

psckogoo at u: now. knocking lb 1 In his bond.

   JNA.

FAME AND. FORTUNE WEEKLY

then Well —Snbacrlption price.

$4.00 per year Canadian.

84.50: Foreign. 5.00. Copyright. 19%. by
N ‘lane latte:

Waatbary hliahlng  lnc.. M0 cedar street. New Xork. . X. lcnterea as second 1.
Doc. 3, 1911. at the l-‘oat-Umce at New Xork. A 1.. under tins Act of larch 3. 1320
No. 1179 NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1928 Price 8 Cents.

Johnny the Parcel Boy

OR, THE LAD WHO SAVED THE FIRM

' " By A SELF~MADE MAN

 

CHAPTER I.—Johnny and His Mother.

‘Mother, mother, where are you?" cried John-
ny Green, bursting into the living-room of the
tenement in which he and his widowed
mother lived together. “I've caught on to a job."
“Do name that?" cried Mrs. Green, who had
come rom Ennis, County Clare, Ireland, and
had never lost the brogue or the manners of the
old sod, stopping her scrubbing over a steaming
tub full of soapsuds, and looked at her only son.

“Yes, mother. Aren't you glad?"

“Faith I am. It's about time, I'm thinkin’,_ye
fat somethin' to do, for it's behind in the nut

’ve been these three months."

“Why, nobody has asked you to pay rent for
quite a while," replied Johnny.

“That ain't. sayin' it isn’t due to somebody. It's

' we'd have been if the landlord—re_st
his soul!—— hadn't dide sudden like and left-his
rilatives to squabble over his property."

{Which was lucky for us and the rest of the
tenants, for since he turned up his toes nobody
has been around to collect.” ‘

“But when they settle the matter among them-
selves it's a ﬁne lump of money we'll all be owin.”

“Don't you worry about that, mother. Time
enough to think about it when the court decides
who's entitled to _demand the money."

“If he wanted it all down on the nail I'd niver
be able _to pay.”

"Gilhgan

, down stairs, says it's cheaper to.

move than pay rent,"

‘ruled the boy.
“Well, it isn't me

t would shate the land-

‘lord if 1 could help mesilf. Now, do be after

i

 
      
  

~,.'f‘I’vebeenhired
‘Street

tallilfmewhatkindof ajobyehavegot, and
work?"

whin do ye go to .
V dry “lg Duties; Q1: Rich, a Grand
-goods re area]:
to their customers.” _ an.’ p _
_.  much are they gain’ to pay ye for
‘Tour dollars to begin with. That will help you
moth . ” ( ,

er
it

' “Goin’ down! Since whin?"

“Going down people's throats when they eat’

it," chuckled Johnny.

“It’s witty ye are, like your poor father, Heaven
rest him!”

“He was a good man, wasn't he, mother?"

“Sure he was. may his soul rest in glory! The
only thing I iver had ag’in him was that he told
me before we were married that he was well off."

“Maybe he was but didn't know it,” grinned
Johnny, getting on the other side of the washtub.

“What do you mean by that?" asked his moth-
er, suspiciously.

“Why, wasn't he well oil‘ in getting you to
marry him? It was the luckiest thing that ever
happened to him.”

“Oh, that's what you mane?" said Mrs. Green,
molliﬁed at once. “Faith, I thought maybe you

meant somethin' else.”

“What else could I mean? You're an angel,
mother."

“Go_ along now with your blarney. You take
that from your father. peace to himl"

“But you are an angel, mother.”

“What do the likes of ye know about angels?"

“Haven’t I seen pictures of them, with wings
and shiny clothes?” 0

“So have I. And it's like thim pictures I am
at this blessid minute, wid me dress tucked up,
and me red face and hands, after standin' over
this tub for the last hour tryin’ to get out lira.
Brown's wash ag'in sundown so I could get
money that'll buy a bit of supper for us."

“You work too hard, mother.”

“Well, one of these days whin ye are a
mebbeyou'llmakernoneyenoughsoIcan
likealadyandridearoundinmeownearriage,
smiled his mother. ~
“Iexpectto. Iintendtobruyahouaeforyou
you can live rent free." _

“Oh, ye do? And whin do ye think that will

In?”

E‘

9-
35

80

   
   
 

        
 

I ofmoney.” 7
;. di¢hi'tyoafteQoa.toitap1lputith 
) i I I It

haspintaioﬁnlt, "h
an " 

 2 ‘ JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY _

let whisky alone. That was the ruination of him.
I trust you won't take to drink, me boy. Sure
it would break me heart if ye did."

“Don't be afraid. mother: I hate whisky. I
never mean to drink anything stronger than wa-
ter.”

“Heaven bless you!
that.”

“How many times, mother?"

"Once. Isn't that enough for ye?”

“No, I want a dozen. You're the finest mother
in the world,” cried Johnny, catching her in his
arms and smothering her with his embrace.

“Go along wid your blarney, ye decateful boy,”
laughed the widow, feeling very happy just the
same. “Now tell me, whin do you go to work?”

“To-morrow morning. I must be at the store
at eight sharp.”

“What's to prevint ye?"

“Nothing, I hope.”

“Go along wid ye now, and lave me finish me
wash,” said the widow, walking back to the tub
and resuming her interrupted labor. “If ye want
to be of some use take thim things in the pan and
hang ’ on the line. By the time ye get thim
out there will be more for ye. If the clothes on
the other line are dry take thim in and see if
the irons are hot. By helpin‘ me a little I'll get
through sooner and thin we'll have supper all the
quicker."

Johnny had no objection to making himself
useful, and he did all his mother asked him to
attend to.

“You're a good b’y, so ye are."

“When I'm asleep," laughed Johnny.
- “And when ye are awake, too, though ye have
been a trial at times: but b'Y> Will be '0'Y3-"

“You mean boys will be men——when they get
old enough.” -

“I hope you'll be as line a lookin' man as your
father, rest his soul! It's afea_rd I am the girls
will all be sparkin’ ye, and thin ye’ll forget all
about your poor mother who's worked for ye so
mnay years.

“I'll never forget you, mother, don't you W01‘??-
A fellow can ﬁnd lots of girls, but he never can
have but one mother." _

.“'I'hat’s the truest thing ye ever  But l_i’ys
and girls, too, some of thim, do not appreciate
their mothers. Look at Haggie Sullivan, nixt

Ye may kiss me for sayin’

I

door. She works in a paper box factor! .111 day, _

and’ whin she gets’ home at night she niver helps
her mother wash the dishes, as she t, for
lrs. Sullivan works hard all day he f. No,

4 lhesits andatsahersupperasifshewas
 alady_ thinaheniarchesdowntothestoopto.
» _galliyasit,widtheB_ileyb’ys nixt dure.”

"Ican’tdoanything

L H" “ted Johny. T ‘ . ‘tor youmother, can

 i "N wh reareyegoin'?"..
0' e We the lat ‘afternoon ‘I

-" “Downtotheriver.
~ I’ e _ tohsveforsometimetoeoineg’
_ ingobyallmang. Besureyourehaekby
gun‘ fo'f_!°31';WPP¢1'- - g
‘f  started forthe East_

 
  

3..

his

W0

      

‘ iii;

securedsposition 

CHAPTER II.—Johnny Distinguishes Himself.

The piers were favorite lounging places for
Johnny when he had nothing better to occupy
his time. He had been accustomed to them from
his earliest recollection. He had never lived more
than three or four blocks at the most from the
river, conseauently they were handy for him to
frequent. He had learned to swim between the
docks, and many a chase had the policeman on
post _given him and hiscompanions for gambol-
mg‘ in the water in nature's unadorned attire,
which was against the law.

Johnny knew nearl all the boys in his neigh-
borhood though he id not associate with the
tougher c-lem..nt when he could avoid doing so.
Many of his acquaintances left the public school
he attend:-(l assoon as the law permitted them to
go to ‘.\‘0lk. Johnny would probably have done
the same but for the fact that his mother was
ambitious that he should graduate, and she
wni-kedd extra hard, and made many sacriﬁces, to
this en .

So Johnny got his diploma, and then he started
without delay to hunt for a situation. Summer
is not the best time to secure a position, and so
six weeks elapsed before he caught on with Dun-
can & Rich, as stated in the preceding chapter,
which he got through an advertisement in a morn-
ing daily. The superintendent picked him out of
more than a hundred applicants, and the boy was
tickled to death over his success. Johnny knew
many of the longshoremen working on Pier No.
-——, and as soon as he reached the dock he
telling these men. as he met them, that he was
going to. work in a store as parcel boy next mom. —
Finally he spied a friend of, his named
Davis seated on the end stringpiece ﬁshing.
He joined him. _

“Hello,.Billy, got news for you,” he said, .

“What is it?” asked Billy, curiously. '

“I'm going to work tomorrow.” ‘

“That so? What you goin’ to do?"

“Carry parcels around for Duncan & Rich of
Grand street.” . '

“Aw! Why don't you learn a trade?. Binieby
you could join a Union and t swell wages."

“I’m satisﬁed with what ’ve got, 1;. ﬁn; 1
expect to get promoted. and one of these days I
might get to be superintendent."

“How much are you going to get to start with?"

(‘Four dollars.” »

“"I‘hat ain't so bad. I know a feller who just ,
went to work in a printin' oilice for three plunks;
but he’ll get more bimeby.”

“When do you expect to go to work, Billy?"
:i.‘I)unno. I like this better’n workin," he grin-
ne « '

“You’ve« got a father bringi in money, so I ‘
suppose it doesn't make so muc diﬂerenee wiﬁ
you; but it's a wonder he doesn't make you get
a job " ‘ ‘

“The old woman chases me out every mornin' ' ‘I

with orders to look up agjob, but I haven’t found

‘n i_"t,n. _ ‘ . _
inc you try hard?” askedJoh'iuiy, wh.o_hadhia'_-~

do§btso;ntliessbe'ct.
- Sure».-.1
aothis

; 4, ' t

.1’;

1 . .
@ it's summer now,’ and 
I: V  A  i _ 1‘ .  3:" ,~ L‘ ~ '

r

_,- ‘ r _
.-_.o....’e~......'. -

 
    
  

      
   

     
 

   

 ICHNNY THE

“There are lots of boys advertised for in the

rs.

“I know it, but there's a hundred fellers lookin’
for every job. I guess you know that yourself.
How ‘many was there after the position you got?”

“A long string. More than a hundred, I guess.”

“Were you at the head of the line?”

“No. There were ﬁfty ahead of me.”

“How did you catch on then?” asked Bill, evi-
dently surprised.

“Just my luck, I suppose."

“I ain't got no such luck. Every place I've
been I got left." _ ~

“I- was disappointed lots of times, but I per-
severed and ﬁnally I've succeeded in landing. If
you expect to get a job you must do the same.”

“The water looks fine, doesn't it‘! Wish we
dared go in before dark. Comin' down after
supper?"

“Maybe. Hello, here comes a steam yacht.
Steering close in ‘to get out of the way of the
ferryboat. It's ﬁne to be rich and sail around
in one of those boats. Isn't she a dandy? As
neat as a new pin. See how the brass work
shines-."

“Look at them lucky kids aboard of her. I'll
bet she’; owned by some trust magnate who's
 e people with high prices to pay for
it. _ an me has got to work in hot weather,
while them bloated kids, with their ﬁne clothes,
go around enjoyin' themselves, and eatin' the fat
of the land. I don’t call that a fair deal for us.
We have as much right to lay off in summer as
they’ have, but that's all the good it does us. My
old man says the rich can ride in chaises, but the
poor must work like blazes, and it’s a fact”

At -that moment a big tug shot from a pier
olosehy and almost ran into the yacht. She just
managed to come around a few yards from the
vessel's side, and the swell she churned u made
the (zzeht give a big roll to starboard. he two
chil n were leaning over the stern rail at the
moment and the little girl lost her balance and
pitched head first with a scream into the river.
Johnny and Billy were looking at them at the

and both_uttered exclamations of consterna-
tion at the accident.
. ‘She’-s a gone_r for sure,” cried Billy. -
,. Johnny. sensible that the little girl was in
* ir_r-we P¢!'"_0f her life. peeled of his jacket,
- ‘k:;ked oﬂ his shoes, and dived.overboard to aid
While all was in confusion aboard the ch
and ditto on _the tug, Johnny came up blYo:rint'
and swimming for the spot where the ‘if

  

wut . Inafewmomentsshecametothe
surface, I spied her lden head, and re-
dﬂudllil °l1_i81i0reIc§her.butahewent
‘¢W!|Il0¢0iIdt1Illeb¢f0!'0hecouldcoyg1-thg

&oIzhJi\e__Vu an excellent swimmer.
her insensible form rising slowly

divedlikeallah,
317

      
 
     

   

‘ARCEL BOY 3 .

_But Johnny had already started back for the
pied, satisfied’ with having done his duty.

“HON 911, there, aren’t you coming into the,

bo‘8‘.t?”,asked. the man.
“No, replied Johnny.
“What s your name .”’

_ Johnny Green," and then he shot ahead, and
didnt_hear the oﬁicer ask for his address. As
the child was wet and unconscious the officer did
not deem it well to waste any more time, so he
ordered the men to pull_for the yacht, where the
chiids mother was waiting them in a frantic
state ‘of uncertainty. Johnny took his time in
reaching the pier for the water felt good even
with _most_ of his clothes on, and he determined
to enJ0y his unexpected bath as much as he could.

.The presence of a policeman_ in front of a
bunch of longshoi-emen, all. looking at him, told
him that _he_would be speedily pulled out, when
he got within a yard of the dock he dived sud.
den]? and came up under the pier out of sight.

He climbed up the piles, made his way over
the cross pieces, and crawled on the wgrf some
yards behind the crowd. Then he gave a shout
and _all_han:ls turned and saw him standing like
a driiiiiing Newfoundland dog.

_ Heres your coat and shoes,” said Billy, run-
ning up to him. Gee! You're all right. You
§3l‘_’9i‘§"the EH1. and you ought to get a reward

“Don’t want an reward,” re lied
felt that inwardy satisfaction pthatJ:i’ll1n';‘;¥e§-s‘::1(s)
experience when they have done their duty.

l.Y°“n8 fgllow. you re quite a hero." said the
pioleigeman. What s your name and where do you

“What_d_o you want to know- for?” asked John.
ny, suspiciously, as the oﬁicer produced a note.
book, and pencil. ’

hIve' got to report this incident at the station
w en I in relieved, so I must have whatever par-
ticglgrs I can  hold of." d dd

0 nny gave is name an a ress

asked the _eop if he could take his ’cl?)l:‘lcilesth¢:;
gelgnadsanpile of freight and lay them out to dry

“That will be a good excuse for you to take g
swim," smiled the oﬂicer. " “Considering the cip.
curiisstances, yiiu can do_::;‘. h_ to k

ay,can goinwi im e 1;‘ com
pany?" asked Billy, eagerly. p In

“If I catch you going into the water I'll rim .

you in," replied the policeman.

“Aw, be a sport, and forget that see me,»
replied Billy. “Think how hot it is this after-
noon. There won’t be nothin' but a
left of me if I don't in and cool off.”

_'I'he_oﬂloer was wouldn‘t give‘
Bully liberty to By that time
John wasoutofhislasts_titch,whichhehad

  
   
  

  
  
 
    

  

 I JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

“Don't you want them, Billy?” asked Johnny.

“No. It wouldn’t do for me to bring them into
the house. My old woman would say I had been
loafin' on the pier instead of lookin’ for a position,
and she'd tell my old man when he came home,
and then maybe I'd catch a lickin’.”

“I see,” laughed Johnny, taking the ﬁsh and
starting for his own tenement.

CHAPTER IlI.—-Johnnv Has a Run-in With
Michael I-‘eeney. ’

The three back rooms that Johnny and his

mother occupied on the top ﬂoor of the big tene- ,

merit house were locked up when the boy got
home. His mother had gone to deliver Mrs.
Brown's wash and collect her pay, so the hero of
this story had to cool his heels on the landin till
she got back. He sat down on the top stair ink-
ing about the pretty little girl whose life he had
saved.

He wondered who she was. and who her father
was and whether he was a bloated trust magnate,
as Biliy Davis had suggested The girl had such
a sweet, reﬁned face, so different from the.girls
of the tenement district, with whom he associated,
that she appeared to him to belong to a different
order of human beings.

“Rich people are different from poor people,”
he muttered. “They're ever so much nicer. They
never have dirty faces, or common clothes. I
wish I could associate with nice people, but I'm
not in that swim. My mother is a poor wash-
woman and my father was only a truckman. I
ain't good enou br nice people to take notice
of. Well. I don t care. I saved that little girl's
life, and that’s as much as any nice person could
do if he tried. Maybe he wouldn't try for fear
of spoiling his fine clothes. I suppose that girl
will never know who it was who saved her. May-
be slie'wouldn’t care to know that a tenement-
house boy saved her. Her father wouldn't offer
me five or ten dollars, maybe, as a reward for

ulling her out of the water. That chap in the
goat wanted me to go aboard the yacht, but I'm
glad I didn't do it. I wouldn't have liked the
girl's father to oﬂer me pay for what I did. I

and then he'd
have thought I was stuck up for a poor boy.”

-At that moment Michael Feeney, a youth who
lived in one of the tenements on that ﬂoor, came
out and started for the stairs. He and Johnny
werenotongoodterms. Feeneywas tough and
qaarrelaolae, and hated Johnny because the latter

better educated than he was, with
tastes as well. When he saw Johnny

look. Seein the string
ﬁshing.
've mood, which meant that
htehgavp 1:6 ﬁsh a kick

      
   
 
 

'1'. ""._.  

 

progress. Then. he. turned around and rushed
back, with blood in his eye, intending to do Johnny

up.

“I'll smash you for that,” he roared.

Johnny was no coward. a d furthermore a long-
shoreman had taught him to box so that he was
vgell able to handle himself against any boy of his
c as.

“_What ri _ht had you to kick my fish down-
stairs'{" rep ied Johnny, putting himself on the
defensive.

_ “Because I felt like it. see?” cried I-‘eeney, aim-
111% a blow at Johnny's head. '

Ohnnv dodged and handed him out a neat clip
on the nose.

“Wow! I'll nail vou!” cried Feeney, running to
close_ with the other.

Jozmny only partially eluded him and the next
moment they were at it hammer and tongs. It
was a stiff scrap while it lasted; but it didn't last
long. Johnny was getting the better of Feeney
when Mrs. Green appeared with several bundles
in her arms.

“For I-Iivin’s sake, is it ﬁghtin' e Johnn
Green?” she cried. “Lave oﬂ nag, b‘o1teh’ of ye};

She gave Feeney a back-handed blow that
bowled him over and ordered her son to follow
her into the apartment.

“I must get my fish first, mother," and Zn
darted downstairs, picked them up and return
his mother waiting to see that Feeney did not
resume the scrap.

“Now, get in wid ye. How dare ye ﬁght, ya
bad boy‘! ’ cried Mrs. Green, pushing Johnny
through the door ahead of her. “Ye ought to be
ashamed of yourself, so ye ought."

“It wasn't my-fault," protested Johnny, as the
shutting of the door cut off Feeney’s scowling
face. “I was sitting on the stairs waiting for you
to come. when Feeney came out of his ‘rooms and V
without a word to me kicked my string of fish
downstairs. Do you suppose I was going so sand
for that? Not from Feeney .or any other loafer
like him."

-“Come out, you lobster, and I'll wipe the floor '
with you,” shouted Feeney, who was listening
outside. _ _

“You w:ll?" cried Johnny, making a dash for
the door.

His mother was too quick for him and grabbed
hold of his arm.

“Ye'll do no more _ﬁghtin’, do ye understand
that?" she cried, angrily.

“Are you going to let him crow over me?” said
Johnny.

“No matter. Take off your hat and sit down
in that chair. If you move out of it before sup-
ready I'll give you more than that loafer
Feeney did.”

“Who's a loafer?” cried Feeney. “Pin no more
a loafer than vou are.”

“Let me at him, mother,” cried Johnny.

“Sit down, will ye?”

“He insulted ‘you. He called you a loafer. I'll
knock the daylights out of him for that," cried
Johnny. 111: to reach the door

“No ye wong: I'll attind tohim mesilf,"_crlad .,:_‘-;l

Green. »

mu

" Jr: ,'-
.z_ r 

4

  
 
  

, .

  3.: -;i" .. 

She nunhesthor son as ..sa'.on...4 as  $7

 
 
 
 

 4:"

 

 

 

JOHNNY THE PARCEL nor 5

had no wish to encounter-.the muscular arms of —

the Irish woman.
‘ “Send your lobster=of a son out and I'll put
it all over him,” he yelled back. ,
“Ye’ll put nothin’ over him, Michael Feeney,’
returned Mrs. Creen. “If ye have the bad_man-
ners to insult me wid your dirty tongue ag’in, I ll
- 've you what Molly gave the cat, bad cess to you.
ow go on about your business.”
Mrs. Green returned to her apartment and
, slammed the deor with a good deal of energy.
Then she be in preparations for supper.
“Will you cook the ﬁsh, mother?” asked

Johnny.
“Sure I will if ye wish me to. Where are
they?"
“On the table.” «-

“Is that all ye caught? And such little ones,
too. Why, they won't make a mouthful for ye,"
staid his mother, taking them up and looking at

‘did!/l't catch them. A friend of mine named
Billy Davis caught them at the end of Pier _ ,

- and he gave them to me because he was afraid
to take them home." \

“Why so?” . 3

£%‘lhl;nlSii.zexI;rldiiii‘i;dri;ihfi’:’n!leasS°dL it's ﬁshin' he was
insltlead of toukin’ for! a job; hI_t's nosgpod end

.e come unlessemens iswa. _

“Mother, what do you suppose I id while I
was done by the river?”. _

“How should I know?” ‘asked the widow as
'h3ip§§§?&e:°1lttlie°§i:i  drowning.”

“Is that a fact?” said his mother in some as-
tonishm 1:.

“She efxelll of the deck of a steam yacht that
was‘; 8881113’ the end of the pier. h W

. ory be. _ And how did you save er.

“_I jumped in and caught her when she came
,up for the  time.”

“What, wid _your clothes on?"

"Except my Jacket and shoes.
and dried them afterwai-d.f’ -

“Well, well; sure it's quite _a hero ye made of

I took them oﬂ

’ yourself. What did the girl’s father and mother

as to y '."’
.zNoth'e . I ,didn’t see them. Listen, and I'll
tell about it."

Johnny told the story of the incident.

“They must have been swell _people to own, a
steam yacht._ Maybe they'll sind somebody to
and ye and give ye a hundred dollar bill. That
wziuldheagod-sendtouspoorpeo le. Icould
.pay mac.’ in full thin whin the col ector comes

“I wo'uldn’t take pay for saving that girl.’’,

“Ye wouldn’t‘! Is it a-fool ye are entirely?"
“I  not; but I don’t believe in being paid
‘ a"person’s life. It was my duty to do

a

He switched the conversation around to the sub-
ject of the job he had secured and in a few min-
utes supper was ready, and mother and son sat
down to their humble meal with better appetites
than many wealthy folks could command at a
swell feast to which they were accustomed.

 

CHAPTER IV.—Johnny Turns Down a $1,000
check.

Next morning J ohnny appeared at the shipping

department of Duncan & Rich and reported ready .

for duty. He was put to work with several other
boys sorting packages that were to be delivered
that morning. The firm had half a dozen wagons
that carried the goods around, Johnny was sub-
sequently assigned to one of them. He sat on
the seat with the driver until they reached an
address where a parcel had to be left, then he
jumped and carried the bundle into the house,
and left it with the person to whom it was ad-
dressed. This was no sinecure, for most of Dun-
can & Rich's customers were people who lived in
tenement houses and ﬂats and it was no uncom-
mon thing for Johnny to have .to walk up to the
top ﬂoor to make a delivery.

If he was fortunate enough to be in the store
around noontime he had half an hour for lunch,
otherwise he didn't eat till the wagon got back.
whatever time that might be.

His time for quitting likewise depended on the
number of bundles to be delivered on the last trip
out. He didn't get home till eight o'clock on his
ﬁrst day. Supper was waiting for him in the
oven.

“It’s late ye are, Johnny,” she said.

“I quit work half an hour ago,” he answered.

“Do they kape ye so late?”

Johnny explained how circumstances regulated
his time for getting oﬁ. His mother was satisﬁed
and told him to sit up to the table.

“A ginteleman with brass buttons and gold
lace on his cap called to see you to-day. He came
from that yacht. He left a piece of paper on
which he writ somethin’. It's on the shelf beyant.
Ye can read it whin ye get through.”

“What did he say?”

“He said ye saved the young lady's life
bein’ so prompt in jumpin’ overboard to her ai ;
She’s the dau hter of a rich gintleman be the
name of—ma
me mind entirely. He wants to see ye at his of-
ﬁce somewhere in Wall Street. I’told the gintle~

man who called that ye was wot-kin’, and I didn't

‘think ye’d be able to go to Wall Street. Thin he

.* ‘Your juty. That's all right, but whin a per- '

‘yon  ye money ye must niver refuse it, do ye

 exceptions tothat rule, mother.” A
 "II  heard of any. 7 I_ %:pe.rit's ‘not too

 

i’:°‘“"°".....i.i ‘*3? °‘.‘.¥.a*“‘}.«?.'. and
E 090 I 1‘ ‘O!’ ’
'nsentswi1lhemade.' » . 

we uirwauc bel I —
‘ii n&gm.u‘3gf"" :~‘."“”-° -
" ﬂier! '.v.who‘_didn'.§;

writ somethin’ on the paper and told me to give

e whin ye came home.”

ohnny was so impatient to see what. was on
aper that he left the table and got it. This
at he read:

to
the
is I

“Jonnmr Gsi:sri—Call at
nienee on Fletcher Bonsell,

it's on the paper, for it's slipped ‘

   

Street.
except on Saturd_a_y_._

 6 I A JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

tween those hours.” thought the boy, folding up

the paper and putting it in his pocket. f‘I sup-
’ Mr. Bonsell is the girl’s father, and he wants

_' thank me, and offer me some kind of a reward.
I don’t want any pay for saving his daughter, and
I won’t take it.”

‘ “ls the gintleman’s name on the paper?” asked
his mother. -

“Yes. It’s Fletcher Bonsell.”

“So it was, I remimber now. What did the note

9»

Johnny told her.

“Ye won't be able to call, will ye?”

“No. I shall tell him so by letter.”

' "He must be worth a power of money to have
an oﬂice in Wall Street, and own a steam yacht,”
said Mrs. Green.

' "There's no doubt about that. ‘He's .probably
Vabroker, or a big ﬁnancier,” said Johnny.

' The boy then switched oi? the subject, and told
his mother about his ﬁrst day’s experiences as
'a"parcel boy. ,

“Ye’ll wear out a lot of shoe leather, I’m
t.hinkin’," said the widow, “and shoes cost money.”

“Everything costs money, mother,” said John-
_ny as he pushed back his chair. “Have you got
{nickel to spare?” '

“I have nothin’ to spare, but ye can have a
‘nickel if ye want it.” , ,

 “I must buy a sheet of paper, an envelope ‘and
a two-cent stamp so that I can write to Mr.
Bonsell." ' -
_ “True for ye. Here’s the money. Thim nickels
Ink as big as cart wheels to me these days.”

“They ought to get smaller now I’m at _work.”
_ “Every little helps, and the four dollars you're
to get will .pay the rint and get us some new
clothes which we both sadly nade.’’__ ;

Johnny wrote and sent his note to Mr. Bonsell
that night, and two days afterward a letter ad-
dressed to him was delivered to his_ mother, who
handed it to him when he got home from work.
“ When he opened it a note with a check enclosed
fell out. The note thanked Johnny for his-in-
valuable service in saving the writer’s dau hter

Elsie, and d him ‘to accept the enc osed
check to his order for $1,000. _

' Johnny gave a gasp at the size of the check,
which represented a fortune to him and his moth-
er,‘ but much as they needed money he felt that
he could not accept it.

“What do you suppose Mr. Bonsell sent me?”
he asked his mother.

1 “Tell me.”

“A check for $1,000.”

- “How much?” cried Mrs. Green, hardly believ-

ing her ears. .
' -“One thousand dollars.” . _ _
"0ne”thousand dollars!" she cried. “It’s Jokin’
,e m.‘ I I H
: , “No, mother. Its a fact.
“And where is the money?”
There's the check.”
Wh,a,t, that pink ‘slip of. paper!

‘fit’: worth 81,000._.'.’ .
.!'I.et melook atit.” . . . y ,
f.Mrs.Greeahadeverseenacheckbe£oreshe

.»-zanember. ~ At -any rate this one was a

 
  
 
     
 
  

M
“ Is that

   
  

  
 
 

new--l    : . a J
 head or sagas new

there's the name of a bank on it wid some writ-
in’. So that’s worth $1,000, and we’re worth all
that money at this blessed minute. Oh, wurra

1t’s rich we are. i. naden’t work any more, an

I can ride in one carriage if I choose. Sure your
father, rest his soul! never was worth a tinth part
of that. I’ll take this to bank and put it away
for a rainy day.” ‘ H

“No, mother, you’ll take it back to Mr. Bonsell
to-morrow and tell him that I can’t accept any
money for saving his daughter.

“Is it mad ye are? Take back a thousand dol-
lars. Whin I take it back I'll be out of me sinses
like yoursilf. Is it too proud ‘ye are to take money
from a gintleman who's got more of it than he
knows what'to do with? I'd like to know wha
ye mane by sindin’ it back.” -

Johnny tried to explainhis sentiments on the
subject, but his mother couldn’t understand his
scruples. She insisted on taking it to a savings
bank and putting it away for herself. '

“I’m sorry, mother, but that check isn't worth
anythink without my name on the back. I,don’t
intend to endorse it, so you can't get any savings
bank to take it. Better do what I asked you: 1:0,’?
said Johnny.

Widow Green almost went to the extent of
threatening her son with a lambasting to put some
sense into his head, as she said, but Johnny was
firm, and for the rest of the evening shebewailed
gvohat she considered the pigheadedness of her

y.

She showed the check to several of the women
in the house, and when she told them that ‘Johnny
refused to accept it under any circumstances, the
news ﬂew through the block, and Johnny Green
was voted a fair candidate for the mad house on
Randall's Island. Much against her grain Mrs.
Green went down to Wall Street next day about
eleven o'clock, and after some diﬂiculty found
Fletcher Bonsell’s oﬂice. The gentleman was in
and she was admitted to his private room.

“Sure, sir, me son Johnny received a letter from
you last evenin’ wid a check worth a thousand
dollars in it,” she began, in some embarrassment,
for she was awed by the elegantsurroundings
she was in, and the ﬁne—looking man who sat at
a rosewood desk, and looked to her like an in-
habitant of a different planet.

“That’s right,” replied Mr. Bonsell. “I dare
say you will find the money very acceptable.”

“Acceptable, is it? Faith, we have hardly a
cint in the house. It's oor eople we are, and a
hard time I’ve had raisin’ Jo ny, an’ kapin’ him
at school till he graduated, since his father, rest
him, died in me arms tin years ago.”

“The money comes in very handy to you, then."

“It would, sir, if Johnny would kape it, but he
wont.”

“ hat’s that? Your son won't take the mon-

ey?" said the entleman, in surprise. ..
“No, sir. e made me bring the check back -
to ye.’ ~ '
“Why won’t he take it? Isn’t it en ? If
that’s the diﬁculty I'll double it. In act I'll '

give him" any reasonable amount that will sat-

isf ..
“y’l‘hat i’t it, sir. He's got some notions in
his head aboutnot wantin’ to be paidat all for ‘ ; 1
savin’ your da hter-.. I don't ‘quite, 0 ‘
what he-manes, at it‘don‘t seem tome  ;,

      
 

      
 

i

     

ﬂ_‘1

f_ pocket reposed _$100 in small bills.

JOHNNY THE ‘PARCEL BOY

men since. Here I am slavin' mysilf over a wash-
tub these b'ilin’ hot da ‘ to try and kape a roof
over our heads, and a it of food in our mouths,
and him only just beginnin’ to work as parcel by
in a store, for four dollars a wake, and yit whm
a gintleman like yoursilf presints him wid a

’ check for a thousand dollars for dom’ ye a great
favor, he makes me brin it back to ye, as if he
was rollin’ in goold and ad no use for it. I_{e's
a b’y, is me Johnny, but it's square notions
hes got in his upper story," said Mrs. Green, lay-
ing the check with evident reluctance on Mr.
Bonsell's desk. _

The ﬁnancier was greatly astonished, but _he
saw now that it was a matter of honor and prin-
ciple with 9 boy, and he appreciated the fact.

‘V w l, madam, I'll take the check back
on con ition that you agree to do me a favor."

“Troth, sir, I'll do. ye a favor if I can, but what

can a poor woman like me do for a rich gmtleman
.likeyoursilf‘."'
“ in

going to give you another check, payable »

to the Bowery Saving Bank, for 83,000, which
‘you. must take to the bank and deposit in your
own name in trust for your son. In order to
avoid any complication I will enclose a note to
the president of the bank stating how you wish
-to make the deposit.‘ You must take the book
'5‘I1'i'°in.“"' “$51.” “' £33? ?.i.“"i‘ ’° “"3 ’°"’1."°.i.‘

' own 1 a eransacon_,wi
he doubtless wogﬁi object to. \ Do youagree to
do this?" ‘

“Faith 1 do; but wouldn't $1.000 be enonsh?
We don't want ye to rob yoursilf just because me
son saved your daughter. ’
' “Three thousand is little enough, and I may
say that I shall not forget to keep your son In

' , for you have placed him before me in a
new light. In addition to the check I will present
you with Slpo for yourself to relieve your present
meceasities. . .
G“Sure it’tsfnt£]>;>y liberal ye are, sir," said Mrs.

[L], C .

“Notgart. all. If you should need any further
ﬁnancial assistance hereafter don't be afraid to
call on me, and I will be glad to hel you. By
the way, where is your son employ ?"

“Wid Duncan & Rich, on Grand street, sir."

The ﬁnancier made a note of the fact, then
pushed a button in his desk. His oﬁice boy re-

“Band that slip to the cashier and then tell
Kiss French to glue in," sag Mr. Bgmsell. u’
atenogra er appea in a ew momen
hile the ﬁnancier was dictating a brief note
president of the Bowery Savings Bank the
came back with a number of bills in his hand
he laid down on his employer's dask.

Short! afterward Mrs. Green departed with
engage in her hand containing the $3,000
the note to the bank, while in her

E5359

 

«I

 _v_.¢-Johnny Hula sgenuou Time.

_1;";;porantga-the  53.3%. V

7

was his fourth day at the store and he was try-
ing to make a record for himself. He and the
driver had already become good friends, and they
got on ﬁne together.

“You're a whole lot better than the chap that
was on my wagon before," he said. “He was so
slow in carrying bundles upstairs that I thought
his shoes were soled with lead. Work didn't
seem to agree with him, and then he was always
smoking cigarettes on the wagon. He must have
got away with two or three packs a da .”

“I have never learned to smoke," said’ Johnny.

“A good thing for you. At any rate never
take up with cigarettes. When you get to be a
man a cigar once and a while won't hurt you.
but it's a bad habit at the best. It would save the
life of many a boy if the cheap ci rette was put
out of business. It never will though, for
there is too much money in them for the tobacco
trust. Here take this bundle into No. 287,” and

"the driver reined in.

Johnny took the bundle and ran into the en-
trance of the cheap flat house.

The name on the parcel was White, and when
he consulted the names over the bells he saw that

‘White lived on the fourth ﬂoor.

“Seems to me all our customers live nearer the
brceoﬁf than the sidewalk,” he said as he rang the

He ran up the stairs two at a time and found
a woman on the landing waiting.

“White‘!" asked Johnny, interrogatively.

“Yes,” replied the woman.

“Seventy-ﬁve cents, please,” said Johnny, for

-like most bundles it was C. O. D.

“Step inside."

Johnny walked into the dinin -room. The wo-
man get her purse and handed im a dollar bill.
_ “Haven't any change, ma'am. I'll have to take
it down to the driver.”

f‘Don't you run off with my twenty-ﬁve cents,"
said the woman.

“Certainly not, ma’am," replied Johnny, start-

in down stairs.
ere were two men standin in the next land-
em, one of them

ing, and as the boy
threw an arm around is neck and bent his head
back while the other snatched thelbill out of his
hand, and ran rapidly downstairs. The other
rascal held Johnn , in spite of his struggles, until
he was almost oked, then threw him on the
ﬂoor and ﬂed after his companion. Johnny stru‘-
led dinily on his feet and staggered down the
ight after the two crooks. They were both gone
by the time he reached the front door.

“Hello, what's the matter with you, Johnny?"
asked the driver, as the boy came up to the
wagon looking like a wreck.

‘ ’ve been robbed of a dollar," replied Johnny.

,' husk tones.
m“Robhed of . dollar!" erietzloihe driva-.

“Yes. The woman who

 . door, intendin

 
   
   

8 /
th“Theymwere the fellows. Which direction did
ey go.

“They went into the corner saloon."

“Then I’m going in after them,” and he started
for the corner, which was near by. ‘

The driver drove after him. Johnny looked in
through the light swinging doors and recognized
the two rascals drinking at the bar. He marched
up to the chap who had snatched the bill and
tapping him on the arm said:

"I want that dollar you stole from me.”

The rascal glared at him.

“Who are you talkin’ to?" he snarled.

“Ysczeué "Come up with the money or I'll have you
arre .

“What's the matter with you? I haven't got
your dollar. You’ve got a great nerve to say I
stole a dollar from you.”

“Get out of here, you young monkey,” said the
other, giving Johnny a shove.

At that moment the driver put his head in-
side. He recognized the men as those he had
seen coming from the house.

“Are those the men who robbed you?” he asked

That short fellow took the dollar while
the tall one held me.”

“You're a liar!” roared the short man.

“There's a cop coming down the block,” said
the driver. “I'll call him and you can tell him
your story."

As soon as the two rascals heard there was a
policeman close by they made a break for the side
to escape by the other street.
Johnny put a ter them like a shot and caught
the short cha . _ _ _ _ _

“Let go 0 me,” he hissed, striking viciously
at the parcel bog. _

Johnny dodge the blow, tri p_ed the fellow up
and fell on top of him. The river ran forward
and took a hand in the matter. _Between them
tbegreduced the crook to subiection. ”

“ and out that dollar and we'll let you go,
said the driver, who had only thrown a bluff when
he said a licanan was comin down the block.
ﬂﬁfelgve on y got ninety cents eft,” rephed the
 it out.”

e so.

“I'll take,your hat for the balance. You can
recover it’when you call at the shipping depart-
ment of Duncan Ii Rich, on Grand Street, with
ﬁe dime,"_ said_ the driver, -snatching the derby
get square with you two,” gritted the thief,
with a dark look.

“I wouldn't try it if I were you," answered the

E

driver. Won might get into trouble.” .
 fellow. “I know you both
you ‘

driver and Johnny paid no further atten-
him, but walked out of the saloon.

: ' runo W1 1 ’ve so
"she'll .i'3° dﬁvirn 'th '21 been
i "‘f;nkIain.III°a1iterya.inafewwol‘ds." *

   

backtothe

twenty-ﬁveeentetotakebackto,

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

“It’s taken you a long time to bring it. I
thought you had made off with it and I intended
to report you at the store,” she said.

“It wasn’t my fault I was so long. Two men
stole the dollar from me on the ﬂoor below and
I had a lot of trouble getting it back.”

As the lady looked incredulous Johnny told her
about the incident.

“You ought to have had them arrested," she
said, when he ﬁnished his story.

“There wasn’t a policeman around, so we were
satisﬁed to get the money back short a dime. The
driver has the fellow’s hat in the wagon as se-
curity for the ten cents.”

Mrs. White laughed and then Johnny hurried
away. As the wagon stopped in front of another
ﬂat where a couple of bundles had to be left,
Johnny saw the two crooks behind. They had
followed the wagon, and the parcel bo warned
the driver of their presence. When Jo nny ran
into the building one of the men, the short one,
walked up to the wagon and engaged the driver
in conversation, askin him to return his hat.

“Come up with a ime and you can have it,”
said the driver.

“Haven’t a red cent,” answered the man with
a scowl.

“Then you can't have your hat. I've got to
make good that ten cents, and I propose to have
the worth of my money,” said the driver.

“My pal has gone off to hunt up ten cents. If
he gets back in time I'll give it to you for my
hat,” and the speaker looked around.

In the meantime Johnny had gone up to the
top ﬂoor of the house with the bundles on which
he had to collect $1.25. When he got the money
he put it in his pocket, and on his way downstairs
kept his eyes wide open, for the fact that the
crooks had followed the wagon made him suspect
they were up to no good. He reached the door
without meeting anyone, and just in time to ﬁnd
the driver in trouble. The man without a hat had
grabbed him by the.arm and was trying to pull
him oi the seat, while the tall chap had sneaked
up on the other side and was climbing into the
vehicle. J0 Ve a shout and, dashing out of
the entrance, . ed across the walk and slugged
the short crook in the ear _with such force that’
he had to let go of the dnver’s arm. The ‘tall

  
    
 

' man smashed the driver in the face, grabbed an

armful of small bundles and his coinpanion’s hat,
and, inmping down, rushed toward the corner.

The driver sprang after him, leaving Johnny
and the listless rascal to ﬁght it out between
themselves. Johnny was no match, physically, for
the scfiuare-built chap, but that fact did not deter
him rom sailing in for all he was worth. A
crowd of urchins began to gather around them,
but though there were some men in the neigh-
borhood, mostl idlers around the door of a cheap
saloon, they ‘d not come forward to help the
parcel boy. ’

The crook swim a vicious blow at Johnny’:
head, but the boy odged it and rushing in dealt
him a tremendous punch in the stomach, which
doubled him up for the moment. Johnny took
advantage of his chance, as the kids_uttered_
about of glee,  smashed

  

   
 
 

  

 

  

   

 ‘ JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

fellow followed him up so closely that the boy
caught a blow in his eye that drew blood. Mat-
ters now looked so serious to the assembled kids,
who believed the man intended to'kill the delivery
boy, that some of them ran otf to.ﬁnd a police-
man, while others shouted to the men who were
now coming up. The crook, seeing that he was in
for trouble unless he could get away, suddenly
sprang into the wagon and lashed the horse into
a run.

Johnny, however, had been a quick as he, and
secured a precarious hold on the narrow ‘iron step,
while he held on with one hand and tried to get
into the vehicle. The crook divided his attention
between him and the horse, endeavoring to force
him back into the street. ,Another wagon was

' along the cross street at a rapid gait, and
was turning the corner away from the dry goods
delivery w n when the two teams collided.
Johnny sav himself by throwing himself against
the crook and the two_tumbled across the seat as
the wagon went over on its side. The boy was on
top, but though nearly stunned and bleeding
from another bad cut he caught from a small
projecting piece of iron in one of the braces of
the cover he held on to the crook with the utmost
desperation.

 

CHAPTER VI.—Johnny Meets Miss Rooney.

Another and a bigger crowd gathered at the
corner, and there was considerable excitement.

The driver of the express wagon had been
thrown to the sidewalk, and lay there until picked
up. The crook fought savagely to release him-
self, but Johnny clung to him. A man who
climbed into the front of the upset delivery ve-
hicle was astonished to see what was going on.

“Hey, what's the matter with you chaps?” he
asked.

— He got no answer, so he reached for Johnny's
arm and started to haul him oﬂ the rascal.

‘Let go of me,” cried the boy. “Lay hold of
this fellow. He’s a crook.”
“He's a liar. I'm the driver. He's tryin’ to

rob me. Pull him of,” exclaimed the scoundrel.

“Don't you believe him,” protested Jim. “He
was running of with our wagon, and I want him
arrested.”

 
  
  
   
    
 
  
  

The crowd closed in around the wagon in.a
thick mass, unable to understand the meaning of
the scrap. Two more men climbed in and pulled
the boy clear of the crook.
. ‘Don't let that fellow get awa ,” cried Johnny,
with : good deal of energy. “ tell you he's a
- , The man without a hit ' t on.his feet and,
'-I forcnghiswayoutofthe wnsideoftheve-
i- ‘_ ‘lilo. endeavored to lose himself in the mob.

‘ tothatboytilll ta ,"hesaid.
_ out,w1llyou,'head ed,p_ ingpeople

_wlld wheahesaw the murhada
' thesli

had. “Ac:-ookl.

9

crowd right and left, got out and dashed oﬂ’ down
the street.

“It's a great shame," said the disappointed boy,
when he saw the fellow running away. “Officer,
why_don’t you chase that man‘! He's a crook
and is the cause of this accident."

The policeman wanted to understand the situa-
tion first, and by the time he did the rascal had
disappeared around the next corner.

The crowd now woke up to the fact that they
had let a_ scoundrel get away who they might
ha‘/9 detalfled. but nobody blamed himself for it.

The delivery _wagon was righted, and showed
no material injury. None of the bundles had
fallen out, though they were all in confusion, and
would have to be sorted before the trip was re-
sumed.’ Johnny told the policeman his story. All
he knew_ about the driver was that he had disap-
peared in chase of the companion ofthe crook
Wh0 h8<1_2‘0t away with several of the packages.
By the time things were getting straightened up
the driver appeared with a portion of the stolen
bundles.

These had been thrown at him by the tall rascal,
Wh° had S11PPe_d 05 ﬁnally through the side door
of a saloon, with a couple of the bundles.

The policeman took down all the particulars in
his notebook and then dispersed the crowd.

Johnny and the driver got into the wagon and
busied themseves gettin order out of chaos.

"1 .had the 733931 d?“ 90 rights. but the crowd
let him get away,” said the boy, who was feeling
sorﬁ 0:193 til: circumstance.

e a und up his cuts with a handkerchief
and would not take the tim to to '
as“t%i}e officer advised him t: do. go a drugstore

e trouble with the crowd was none of them
wanted to butt in," answered the driver,

“This business has put us in a nice hole," said
Johnny. “We've lost more than an hour now
and it will take us some time to get these bundle;
straigthened out."

“Can't, be helped. It isn't our fault. The chap '

I chased got away with two or three ac
We can't tell who they belong to till wepge:‘,:¢,e:°t
of the stuff delivered. The boss of the depart-
ment_ store will kick, but that’: all the good it yin
do him. The store will have to make good,"
Twenty minutes elapsed before they got on
their way again, and when they got back to the
store and made their re rt it was too late to
so out again that day. e superintendent sent
for them as soon as the matter was reported to
him. They told their stories, and Johnny’; cut;
were eloquent evidence of the truth. The super.
intendent communicated with the police, fur-nigh-
ing the descriptions of the two crooks, but nogh.

inﬁvefme of it. .
enhe gothoine that night Hrs. Green was
startled on beholdmg his bandaged head.

“For Hiven's sake, what have been doin’
to yoursilf, Johnny?” she exclaim .

‘Nothing. er: I only run aninst a hit of

yeweroinwidstnne-of
b’ysinthestore?" ""
.“ h,no. I tliisthroughacnook." « '
deyenanez". , - -
-nui-

  

  
  
     

     

 10
I suppose ye’l1 be in the paper ag’in as e were
for savin’ that gintleman’s daughter. G ory be!

I'm thinkin’ it's cilebrated the name of Green
will be before long if ye kape on. The neighbors

haven’t got over talkin’ about how ye saved that -

girl yit.. Faith, thim grafters who are always
gettin’ thimselves in the limelight won't have
nothin' on ye.” ,

“Is supper rrady, mother?”

“Sure it is and waitin’. Sit up and ate it.”

There was an item in the papers next morning,
in which Johnny’s unavailable endeavor to cap-
ture his man \\ as described. During the day Mr.
Duncan sent for Johnny and heard his story. He
complimented him on his plucky resistance, and
also for saving the wagon from being run off
with by the crook, which would have meant the
loss of everything it contained.

“You’re a new boy, and I am glad to see you
have begun so well,” said the gentleman. “We
always appreciate evidence of zeal on the part of
our employees, and reward it in a suitable man-

. ner. I think the part you played in this affair
is entitled to some special consideration. There-
fore the ﬁrm, in addition to its thanks, will pre-
sent you with $100 on pay day. You will ﬁnd
the money in your wage envelope. That is all."

“Thank you. sir," said Johnny, bowing himself
out of the senior pa.rtner’s private office.

Johnny's exploit proved an excellent introduc-
tion to the rest of the lads in the shipping depart-
ment, who had looked at him as}-zance because he
was a new boy. They were all glad to know
him now, and declared him to be as plucky as
they come. The girls in the store soon heard
about Johnny’s experience with the crooks, and
they were all curious to catch a sight of him.

Bravery always appeals to the fairer sex, and
when it became talked of around among them
that the boy was a line-looking manly chap, and
moneiwer had lately rescued the (young daughter
of a rich Wall Street man from rowning in the
East River, they were crazy to make his ac-
qnaintance.

.There was a lot of wire ‘pulling among the girls
who knew one or more 0 the other boys in the
shipping room, each wanting to be the first to get
an introduction to Johnny, but many days passed
tefore one Annie Rooney secured the coveted

onor. . /

Annie was considered the prettiest girl in’the

store, and had a host of ‘mere.

She was a year younger than Johnny, and was
a saleslady in the lace department.

Johnny's w happened to return to the
stable, not far tom the store, at a quarter past
six one afternoon.

The girls had only just swarmed out of the

employees’ entrance and Annie was bei escorted
<  by, one of tint; bgtxgsbloflthhczm shipping room.
 pusede eo ycarneouon

   
 
 
  
 
  
    

introduce you."
_ “Oh, do she
'-¥"Bey,_.l'

Ra“

  

 
  

 with sparkling eyes. -
I want to see

  

'37
“There he is now, Annie,” said her escort. “I'll ~

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

“hfiss Annie Rooney, this is Johnny Green,”
said Flint.

Annie bowed and ﬂashed a “goo-goo" look at
the redoubtable Johnny, who said, with just a
touch of embarrassment, that he was glad to
know her.

“l’ve heard a lot about you, Mr. Green," re-
marked Annie, who was not at all backward in
expressing her sentiments.

Johnny blushed under the admiring inspection,
and then wanted to know what she had heard
about him.

1_“li’ve heard that you are a real hero," she re-
p ie .
:1 didn’t_know I was,” answered Johnny.
Why, didn't you save a young lady from
drowning the other day before you came to work
at the store?" she said.

:1 saved a girl of about fourteen years."

“A rich man's daughter, too."

Yes. Her father has an oﬂice in Wall Street.”

:1 suppose he'll reward you liberally for it."

I dcnt'accept pay for such a service, Miss
Rooney." -

“No?” ejaculated the store girl in surprise.
“Why, a rich man wouldn't miss a few thousand
dollars.”

“Maybe not,” replied the boy in a tone that
showed he didn't care to discuss the matter.

“l’ve also heard that you saved your wagon
from being robbed by a thief,” switched 06 the
fair Annie.

“I won't deny it."

“Why should you? You're a brave boy, and I

feel quite proud of making your acquaintance," -

said the girl, favoring him with another of her
irresistible sidelong glances.

501111"? blushed again, and remarked that he
was glad to become, acquainted with such a pretty
girl as Miss Rooney. -

That made Annie blush a little, but she was '

used to compliments.
“You're not at all slow, are you?" she said,
coquettishly. .
'“I hope not," he returned, quite frankly.

-“Well, we part here. I hope to meet you again -

soon. I live at No.—— Orchard Street. I should
be pleased to have you call on me some evening.
May I‘ expect that you will?”

“I usually get home too late toedo any calling,”

he replied. _
"You could come Sunday, couldn't you? I hasie

quite a crowd Sunday evenings, but there is al- -

ways room for‘one more. Do come next Sunday."
“Hold on, _Annie," interjected I-‘lint. “You’vu
got a date with me next Sunday. I'm going to
take you to, Coney Island.”
"So I have. Couldn't you come with us, Mr.

Green? I'll introduce you to ry ' yon‘ .
lady who will be delighted ti? lilfue 3? for an _

escort. A
“I don't know whether I could come or not. 11]
let Flint know to-morrow.” 
*_"Do. You really must come. Goodby.",
She smiled and swept away with her gag.

J‘ ‘ -


 

l,_ _

 

panion. ’ "-' 2'
g V “GeeljShe's_ pngtt all right, and 1 never saw,-
t- such eye8.”’.inu “hut—-—"‘ .4 4, “ 

 
   

 JoHNﬁY THE

Go Out of Town.

When'Johnny got his pay envelope next day
he found a $100 bill in it in addition to a full
week's wages.

“Hother will be tickled to death over it," he
said, 'te unconscious that his mother already
had a hundred dollars in bills stowed away in
her trunk with the bank book containing a credit
of 83.000. _ _ _

Hrs. Green had the time of her life trying to
kee secret the possession of the money and the
ba& boo

k.

She wanted to tell Johnny how smart she had
been to get $3,000 for him in _place of the $1,000
check, and $100 in money besides.

Several times she had nearly _"let_ the cat out
of the ba ,” but caught herself in time.

She ha never kept a secret before, and it was
like teeth to do it now.

 other, ’ said Johnny when he got home, “I’m

n I’

“How did ye know that?”',

“How did I knotw it‘! Because I've got the
mo in my pocke .” , ' _

‘mat money are ye talkin’ about‘! Is it your
week’: pay ye mane?" _

“Pvegot that, too. The firm presented me with
$113’ for saving the wagon from being _cleaned
ou

“Presinted ye wid $100! Ye don’t.man’e it."

“'l‘here’s my envelope. See what's in it. ’

Widow Green proceeded to _do _so, and to her
astonishment there was $100 in it._ , gee"

“Faith, it was no lie ye were tellin me I ,
said his mother. “If ye'd b_rInE_ that mud‘ 1'91"‘?
ivei-y’ Saturday we could live in a swell neigh-
borhood. so we could.” .
“Would you like to move to a swell neighbor-
hood?” ‘

“And lave all me friends? I would not.” _
“But I'd like to live in a better place than this."’
“We could move around the corner. Therea

nieeroomsonthegroundﬂoorforhalfas
niuch*ag'in as we're pa ' here, and I  put
on some style, and holdniiie head up as high as

CHAPTER VII.—Johnny Gets an Invitation to

any woman in the neighborhood, even if I do take
. in a bit of waahin’.”

“Pia afraid we couldn't do that on $100."
b“Well,”it’s more than 3100 I've got. if ye want

PARCEL nor n

wtlgatwl earn at the tub and what you earn at the
5 re.”
. “That’s what I thought. By the way I was
introduced to a very pretty girl yesterday after-
noon."

‘fls that a fact?” replied his mother, much
relieved that her son did not follow up the sub-
ject of the money.

“Yes. She's a peach. Her name is Annie
Rooney.” .

“That’s a good Irish name. So she's a peach?
Has she a sister?”

“I don't know. Why do you ask?"

“Bekase then there’d be a pair in the family,"
chugtlled Mrs‘; Green}; ' H

“ o smo e, mot er. ave ou been readi
a joke hook?" y n‘

“Faith I haven't. Ye mustn't think ye're the
only witty one in the house, ye gossoon. Well,
your supper is ready, so sit up to it."

Johnny didn't go to Coney Island next day, but
laid oﬁ in the house.

Hewantedtogetarestsoastobeingood
shape for climbing stairs next week.

On Tuesday he received another note from
Fletcher Bonsell.

’ The gentleman stated that his wife and
dau hter were very anxious to see him.

T ey were at their summer cottage on Long
Island, and the writer wished to know if it was
possibly for him to get of on the following
Saturday early so that he could come and stay
over till Monday morning.

“You could take the one o'clock train over the
main line of the Long Island railroad, a‘nd get
oil’ at Springdale station, _where my auto will
meet you. Let me know right away if you can
come and I will send you tickets by me r."

Johnny read the letter to his mother, and said
he wished he could accept the invitation, but he
didn't see how he could.get 08.

‘‘It's no hai-rum to ask the boss. You must be

_“H_emitthinkIhadagreatnervewhea
tliiais myaeeondweekattliestore."
Eisino ertoldhimtodouhethouglitbest.

Next morn’
That_indiviual didn't think he stood any
aliiance of getting of even half a day_on sum-.

y.
_ “The superintendent would be apt to have a It
if you asked him." he said.

 

hespoketothedriveraboutitf

 12

“So you would like to go, eh?" smiled Duncan.

“Yes, sir; if it’s not asking too much.”
_ “You can go," said the senior partner, scrib-
bling a very few words on a pad. “Hand that to
the superintendent.”

ilchnriy thanked him and left the oﬁice.

He presented himself before the superintend-
ent and handed him the note.

That gentleman read it and said all right.

“I got permission to go off at noon on Satur-
day,” said Johnny to the driver when they start-
ed out on their next trip.

“The dickens you did. You’re lucky. I wish I

.v could get off some Saturday afternoon, too.”

“Well, you see the letter from Mr. Bonsell did
it. I showed it to Mr. Duncan and he saw that
the gentleman wished me to come to his summer
cottage on Saturday afternoon if I could get off,
and as the boss knows I saved the life of Mr.
Bonsell’s daughter he regarded my request as a
sgial one and granted it, feeling that he was
a obliging the Wall Street gentleman, too.”

“I wish I was in your shoes. I suppose Mr.
Bonsell intends to reward you liberally for res-
cuing his daughter. It is quite natural that he
should, and as he’s rich he wouldn't miss $1,000
or so. You ‘must have been born lucky, Johnny.”

Johnny made no reply. He felt that if he told
the driver he had already sent back the $1,000
check the ﬁnancier sent him that the man would
want to know what he did it for, and probably
would consider his scruples foolish. His mother
had made a fuss because he did it, and the
neighbors seemed to think he had made a fool
of imself. Most persons did not look at the
matter in the light he did, and therefore he
wasn't saying anything more about it. He told
his mother when he reached home that he was
going to visit Mr. Bonsell on Saturday.

‘ “So ye got of, thin?"
_L,“Yes, mother. I had no trouble at all about
\ ' 7 ‘
“It’s a fortunate b’y ye are. I hope ye'll know
3 how to behave yourself in the prisince of sich
swell people as ye are goiu’ to visit." -

" ’ I will watch out
that I don't make any bad break. I know I'm
not used to stylish people, but I'll keep! my eyes

anddoaslseeothers do. eywou’t
too much of me, for they know I live
in a tenement.”

1 =“It’s very nice of thim to invite ye; but thin,
1': it’s because they feel grateful for
what ye did for the daughter of the house.”

_“I suppose so, mother.”

' Next day Mrs. Green lost no time in spreading
news that her John had been invited to
I thesunnnerhoineo the rich Wall Street
‘ man, and stay from Saturday afternoon till Mon-

da . Sh d peacock
ovzr 'i€r§i'si.e headwu '3 mmpm r.i8n “the block
'th envy. Michael eeney's mother heard

tli ofhe friends,‘ sh
mnghmtgms with Mrs. 

 
 

    
   
   
  

ii

  

JOHNNY THE PARCEL ﬁov

airs that Mrs. Green puts on makes me sick,

_ and she only a common washwoman," added Mrs.

Feeney, turning up her nose contemptuously. “I
wouldn't lower myself by associatin’ with her.
My son Michael shows his good sense by,havin'
nothin’ to do with her son Johnny. You can't
make a silk urse out of a sow’s ear.”

All of w ich was very complimentary to
Johnny and his mother, and was duly repeated
to Mrs. Green later on.

“So it’s airs I put on, and I'm only a common
wash woman, am I,” she said to her informant.
“Well, it’s an honest livin’ I’m makin' at any
rate, and I’m not ashamed of me vocation. May-

’ be Mrs. Feeney wouldn’t do as well if she was

lift a widder, as might happen at any toime.
Sure I wouldnt have her disposition for a gold
mine. She wouldn't lower hersilf by associatin’
WIl‘d nile, (ill?'’ 8?‘? Mrs. ‘Green laughed scornfully.
“ ait wou n't s’ie me od cloth ' h r
ﬁlthy hat, and ye may till her I said3sitl,nMres.
I:I(:(})‘llh8n. dIt’s glad I am tllbﬂlt ikngeuJoJinny has
no in’ to o wid at young ac ar of hers.
It’s in jail he'll be wan of these days or I'm not
a good guesser. Ye can tell her that she naden’t
luk any further than her own rooms to ﬁnd the
sow’s ear she mentioned. It’s as plain as the
nose bechune your two eyes, Mrs. Hoolihan, and
thew. ain} nian in thehblocktllilut knoizs tit: f (1
en 0 ny got ome at nig t oun
_Mrs. Feeney standing outside his door  a boil-
ing rage venting her sentiments upon his mother
in no ‘uncertain terms, while inside Mrs. Green
was singing at the top of her voice, as if she
was in an excellent humor. Mrs. Feeney 
at the good-looking parcel boy when she saw him
coming.

“ hat a lot of le we put on these days," she
said, conte tuous in not ad ' Johnny di-
rectly, for e never noticed her. “It’s a ﬁne
thing to be she giﬂntlgaaii Ofdthﬁlllgllsle. I sup-
’ me,an m as ii an 'caeoughtto
Eowtow to his lordship, and feel the honor of
livin’ on the same floor with such a ﬁne young
Ageggllfnn paid no attention to the angry '

Y
:)1l‘ltk?Iel'lI)t dlilrecftly 30_:lllS gran door andm

e o . e oun 1 oc

“It’s 13¢, motherfgdhethsaig. “Let In; in." h_

Mrs. reen open e 001- on ring is
-voice. The Feeney woman opened on her ' ,
but Mrs. Green ignored her presence and s
med the door after admitting her son.

“What's the matter with Mrs. _ Feeney
mother?” asked Johnny. “She seems to be mad
‘b°'il*t Emeﬂmiigiem ask h " lied his

“ i e’ r er, rep
mothgr, hhigtting her lips tight and refusing to
say anything further on the subject.

CHAPTER VIII.—Johnny Makes a Real Hero
» of imself.

That’ ' Jolmn horro ed some money.
_fromhise'vn?_g‘erand1hentou1:‘vaa:txothinself-‘
, Aanice-new suitofltluecloth, Healsopuehassd

   

  

1 as he‘ should have done.

' purchases when

sq

       
   
  
 

  
  

  

’ \ rnei 1. Fire!
.ofKi aelF

3 of It.
Anfither crash, and. amid a chorus of howls .
two’ tpersons apparently went tumbling down the .

» .;.-' ,  aﬁre."

and put them all in it. On his way back it struck
him that he ought to have a comb and brush, and
a_ tooth brush, and he got them. Johnny and his
new suit case attracted immediate attention when
he‘- struck the block in which he lived. He was
surrounded by a crowd of his friends, many of

whom had heard he was going into the countr Y.

on Saturday to spend a couple of days at a swe 1
country‘ house.

“What you got’ in the suit case,” asked Billy
Davis, who was one of the first to spy him com-
ing down the street. “A lot of new duds? You’re
comin’ out since you struck a job."

‘He's goin’ to visit the gent whose gal he
saved," said another youth.

""13 that so, Johnny?” asked Billy, who had"

not heard the news.

“Yes, Billy. The gentleman invited me down
Saturday to his country house, and I'm to stay
till Monday morning. I probably won’t go, again,
so there's no use of you fellows making such a
fuss abut a little thing like that,” said Johnny.

"‘Little t’ing! Hully gee! Calls dat invite a
little t’in ” said Jimmy McFadden. “Who’d
t’ink a re gent ud invite one of us tenement
fellers‘to'pa.y him a visit. Wish I could jump

overboard and save some al dat had a bloated.
V$ouldn't I be right in _

’ristocrat fur a father.
it? I guess yes.”
Johnny had to answer a flood of questions be-
fore he could cut loose from his friends and enter
the house. When he got up to the top ﬂoor he
heard a. free ﬁght going on m.the Feeney rooms.
Feeney _ _
beathis wife. She objected to this continuous
performance and was "using the handle of a
broom in self-defense. Michael Feeney _was
present, but being a rank coward_ he maintained
a neutral attitude instead of helping his mother,
The racket ‘was pretty
strenuous, but as it was no new _thing Johnny
paid no attention and entered his apartment,
where he found his mother with her hat \on,_for
she had just come in from_a ,nei hborly visit.
The boy was about to tell his mo er about his
there came a tremendous crash
from the Feeney apartments. - _
“Be hivens, they're killin’ wan another in
there," cried Mrs: Green. "I've stood that sort
of’ thing as long as I can. ,I’ll luk for another
apartment to-morrow, so I will, if I live.”
Fire!” came the terriﬁed*tones
eeney.
A door banged open and there was a rush of
feet on the landing. _
“Leave go of me, you imp!" roared the voice
Feeney. ‘

. doors were opened and considerable‘
 exciteinent ensued outside.

,‘.‘I-‘or.
. _.Y s

ess sake, see . what's ~ the matter,
cried Mn. _Green. “It's afeard I am the

  

4.r.ioimny‘oi>e.ned.the door andloqkedouthis
_ _' j ’into..her..'moInand’ i

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

was drunk as usual and was trying to .

  

‘to  her -V!‘

I3

blaze, while considerable smoke was ﬁllingthe
811;,‘ both in and outside,

11:18 ﬁre looked so serious that Johnny yelled
to his mother in some excitement that the house
was on fire and they must get out in short order.

The other tenants on the ﬂoor were also alive
to the danger _of the situation, and were hastily
evacuating their rooms with the ﬁrst thing they
could grab in their hands. Mrs. Green, greatly
excited, came running out of her room with the
money and bankbook rolled up in a piece of news-
paper. —.

“Oh, thim Feeneys, thim Feeneys they’ll be th
death of us all,” she cried. “What little we
have'll- be burned up, and it's no insurance we
have at all, at all.”

Johnny hurried his mother down stairs, and
they were preceded by all the other tenants i
the house. ,

Somebody had already sent in an alarm from
the corner, and the uproar in the street was
something tremendcus. '

There was no smoke or ﬂames as yet visible
from outside.

Every window in the neighborhood held an 00‘-
cupant or two, and many of them did not know
yet what was the matter.

The doorsteps of the imperiled house was
crowded with tenants, talking and gesticulating in
a higly excited way. Only the people from the top
ﬂoor had seen the ﬂre, but their evidence was
regérdgdhas conduiievde _ 

0 filly 08 a wa for hi thei-
through the mog he heard Micxhael Feenseyxgigying
out that his mother was upstairs. A ..

This news created additional excitement and
consternation. .,.

“Is that a fact, Feeney,” cried Johnny, grab-
bing him by the arm. .~-.

“Yes,” half blubbered the tough boy. »

“Then why don’t you and your father go back
and get her? . _Why did you leave her anyway,
you cowai-d‘."’ ejaculated Johnny, indignantly.

“My old man is drunk. He fell down stairs and
nearly broke his head. I wouldn't dare go back,".
said Feeney. . .

“Are you going to "let your mother be burned
to death?” ,. _

“I can't do nothin’ for her.” lg.

“Couie_*along, I’ll go ‘Wlth you," said Johnn .
“Here, Billy, hold my suit case,” and he pitchediit
to his friend. _.

Then he grabbed Feeney and tried to drag him
toward thesdoor, but Feeney resisted and stru
him in the face. . ,

“I'll save her myself," said Johnny. “Who'll
come with me?" he appealed to the crowd. “Mrs.
Feeney is in the burning rooms‘ on the top ﬂoor.
Somebody give me a_ hand.”

Severe followed him u to the third ﬂoor, and
then seeing the glare o the blaze above, gave
it..i'i{'!:‘i‘ndylelledtohimtgdco‘I:;a&d'back _‘

o y, owever,push pa ' nogt.
tention to their calls. 

 
   

       
   

 When hevstruck the 15:: ﬂightthe perilof  .
Jandms

’tto _' . _

 corner
'1-

14 JOHNNY THE PARCEL _BOY

kicked open the door where the ﬁre was spread-
ing with great rapidity. '

A rapid glance around showed him the form of
Mrs. Feeney stretched senseless on the ﬂoor near
an overturned table and the wreck of an oil lamp,
the overturning of which, from’a. blow of her
broom aimed at her husband, had caused the con-
ﬂagration.

Her coarse dress was on ﬁre in several places,
and but for J ohnny’s arrival her fate would have
been certain. ’

He ‘dashed into the blazing room, beat out the
ﬂames on her dress, seized and dragged her out
into the landing, and started to drag her down-
stairs. ' '

Then to his dismay he saw that a draught had
carried a sheet of ﬁre across the stairs and cut
off his retreat. _ ‘ ,

f “Oh, what’ll I do?” he gasped, as the ﬁre
swooped at him and roared behind him likea hot
Jfnrnace. “I’m aggoner.” ‘ , .

Then he recollecteckthat there was a ﬁre escape
in front. To reach this he had to go through
the apartments at the other end_of.the ‘Feeney
rooms, and they were already blazing with a rud-
"dy glare. There was a chance, however, of ‘his
reaching the ﬁre escape, .and he dragging
the unconscious woman with him in that direction.
He was almost overcome by the smoke and the
intense heat, but he persevered like the plucky
boy he was. ‘He was ﬁghtin for his own life
"now, but he never thought of a andoning the wo-
man he had come there to save. .'The fact that
she was at enmity with his mother made no dif-
ference to him. .

‘ She and her son had continually annoyed and
‘insulted his mother for weeks, vilifying the poor
~washerwoman to the neighbors, and Only, W0
hours or so ‘before she had stood outside thenioor
of the Green rooms and abused Mrs. Green at
the top of her voice, calling her every name she
could think of. Johnny forgot all that in his
chivalrous eﬁort to rescue Mrs. Feeney. Ho
dragged her into the burning front rooms and up
to the window opening on the ﬁre escape. The
window was wide open and through it came_,t.he
clang of the bells on the approaching ﬁre engines
and hose carts, as well as the shouts_and the hum
from the excited people below, and in the neigh-
boring tenement ouses. The smoke was pour-
ing out of the top ﬂoor windows, though the
names were as yet conﬁned inside. Every eye
was focussed on the windows, in expectation of
seeing the ﬁre burst out at any moment. At that
thrilling moment Johnny stepped out on the top
escape and began dragging out Mrs. Feeney after
him. A great shout went up from the crowd
when he was men in such a perilous P0$l_hOn.

' Only those _who knew he had gone after the wo-
recognised

him. Fortunately for his moth-

‘efspeaeeofmindsheneversuspectedhe had

returned to the top pﬁoor, and there was no one
around her wise enou to undeceive her. '
“Lbrd save the b’y! shejexclaimed, from the

ofthestreet. “Whoisheatallat all?
be burnt to c_1ea,th. why don't the ﬁremen

. save

 

   

 

  
 

_“What a chump he was to go back after that
Feeney woman!” he said to another boy. “His
name is mud if he doesn't get down, mighty

quick.”

Johnny found trouble and delay in hauling
Mrs. Feeney through the window, but he got her
out just as a burst of ﬂame followed and ignited
her dress. He had to stop and beat the ﬁre out
before he could drag her to the opening. His face
was black with smoke and he was gasping for
breath even though outside in the air. The
ﬂames now roared after him, as if angry at his
chance of escape. His iacket caught ﬁre as he
worked to shove Mrs. Feeney’s feet down through
the hole.
weight rested on one arm for he had to use the
other to hold on with as he started to get through
the hole himself on to the almost perpendicular
iron ladder leading to the escape below. The
crowd watched him with breathless interest. A
hook"-and—ladder truck swung into the street and
came to a stop at the corner. Immediately two
men with‘ a short ladder to reach the lower es-
cape rushed to the blazing buildin . Slowly and
with the greatest diﬁiculty Johnny ade his way
down the iron ladder with Mrs. Feeney hangin
on his arm. The ﬁre was now above him an

his chance of escape was good, for the ﬁremen‘

were sure to clamber up to him in a few minutes
and relieve him of his burden. He never remem-
bered how he got down that ladder. He did not
hear the shouts of encouragement from below and
around. All his energies were centered in a des-

perate endeavornot to fall. At last he reached’

the lowerescape just as two ﬁremen appeared
up the hole. Then he staggered and fell across
the rail. One ﬁreman seized Mrs. Feeney and
the other grabbed the now unconscious Johnny.
Both‘ were swiftly carried down to the sidewalk,
and then borne to the nearest drugstore, while
the ﬁremen started in to subdue the ﬁre.

 

CHAPTER IX.—Johnny Visits the Bonsells.

Johnny was soon brought to his senses. He had
suffered no material injury, but he lookedlike
a wreck. His- face and hands were blistered
some, but not_ to any serious extent. Mrs.
Feeney’s condition was much worse, and an am-
bulance‘ was telephoned for to carry her to a
hospital. The druggist bound one of Johnny’:
hands up, put a soothing lotion on his face, and
then the boy declared he felt all right. He hur-
ried out of the drugstore to ﬁnd his mother ﬁrst
and afterward Billy Davis, for he was anxious to
reclaim his suit case. It w no easy thin to
ﬁnd either in the big crowd in the neighbor ood
of the ﬁre which the Department had got under
control by that time. Finally he ran against
Billy and the suit case. . ‘
“Hello, Blly; I’ll take my suit case.”

“Gee! You here!”

“Why not?” '

“I thought they carried you to the hospital".
d1aW;;t1E"¢:lo I want to go to a hospital for?_ I'll

ri _

",You:look kind of  up. You were lnﬁy

   
 

 
 

    
  
   

  
  
   

' to get’out‘of that buildin alive.‘ ram’: nephew - V’

W‘  1,?

 

 

  
 

When her body swung clear all her‘

 
      

 ""“f~‘.W Vi?" "‘ '

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY z~ 15

The crowd heaiinvhe conversation recognized
, Johnny as the hero 0 the hour, and many began
to congratulate him on his escape, and tell him
~ what a brave boy he was. They crowded around
him, until he felt his position quite embarrasing.
Then he was taken in hand by a reporter for _a
big daily, and had to tell all about his expen-
- ence in the burning house. His story, written up
in graphic style, dulv appeared next morning, and
‘ was read by a million or more people in Greater
New York. and among these were his bosses,
- Duncan & Rich, and about every employee in the
store.
Mr. Fletcher Bonsell also read it on the train to
the city, and his wife and son and daughter read
.-it later in the day. Johnny ﬁnally got rid of the
reporter, extricated himself from the crowd of
. admirers, and in company with Billy, started
again to find his mother. He did not locate her
2 until the fire was nearly out. Long before that
she had learned that the boy she had seen on the
top fire escape of the blazing building was her
- son. and she, herself had been making frantic ef-
A forts to learn where he was. Their meeting was
; a hysterical one on her part.
“Oh, Johnn , John_ny, why did ye iver go back
-up there? .1 card It, was to save that Feeney
woman. How could ye risk your life for a person
‘who harangued your poor mother as if she were
~ a pickpocket?" _ _
= . “Never mind, mother. I didn't do it any more
for her than I would for anybody else. Her
drunken husband and cowardly son left her to
‘sh, and I felt it was up to somebody to save
 I did my part, and now that it's over you
.needn’t worry about what I did, for I'm all
right." '
“The saints be thanked that ye are. It's out
of me siven senses I’ve been since I was told you
were the b’y I seen up on the fire escape. All.
Johnny, ye don't know what a trial it is to be a
mother." ”
“Bi-ace up now, and come along._
“Where will we _ around to Billy’: place. 3
his mother wi _ take you in for the_mght.
“Sure she will," said Billy. “And you kin sleep
with me." ‘
So to Billy's ﬂat, three blocks away, they went.
and received a hospitable welcome, for the poor.
as a rule, are kind to the poor, though the Davis
' was not near as poor as many of their
' rs. When Johnny appeared at the store
next morning everybody knew about his exploit
at the ire, and all the employees of the ship ing
department had something to say to him a ut
It. He was more of a hero with the girls than
,ever, and Annie Rooney was much envied because
she enjoyed the honor of knowing him. He was
only a mere boy, it is true, but he had already
distinuaiahed

.

ii

 
  
  
 
  
    
  
 

himself more in two weeks than.
‘most men do during all their lives. It's the shin-

‘ "fshlg mark that takes every time, and Johnny

like a big electric light.
_clipping men of the dilferent
it in deciding that he was en-
._ envelope in the journalistic “grave-
tor a chap of his pluck was likelyto be
- apimwhen lie.,eame back from his
.. I : the of  de-

        

  
 
  

‘wharf.

 

 l  A V '

his name in to the senior partner and was admit-
ted. Mr. Duncan complimented him on his plucky
rescue of Mrs. Feeney, and said that he seemed
to be a most unusual boy.

“lV_Ir. Rich and I have decided that it will be to
our interest to—keep tab on you with the view of
advancing you as fast as you deserve it. and cir-
cumstances will permit. You've only been with
us 8 couple of weeks, but you have already dis-
tH'|gl-"Shed Yourself as a valuable employee, even
in the humble position you are now ﬁlling. We
have made it a rule never to overlook merit, and
we never care to lose an employee who makes
good. If you fulﬁll the expectations we have
formed of you. there is no reason why, in time,
you may not rise to a responsible position in our
house. That is all.”

J°hm|Y returned_ to his work feeling that he
W83 Pljetty s011d with _the ﬁrm. and he determined
to merit_the good opinion the partners had formed
about him. After his day's work was done he
returned to the Davis apartments, and we; told
that his mother had taken three rooms next door,
and that_ the furniture she had bought had just
been delivered So he went next door and found
hi mother installed on the third floor back.

f"l‘hese are much_bette_r than our last ones," he
said, with some satisfaction. “How much rent do
you have to pay? " _ _

“Twelve dollars, replied his mother.

I_guess we can stand that. You bought the
furniture on the instalment plan, of course?"

_“Haybe I did and ‘maybe I didn't," ﬁe said
with a mysterious smile.

“If you paid cash, that, with the rent, must’
have eaten up all that was left of the $100 I got
from my ﬁrm."

“Niver mind, Johnny; there's more where that
came from.”

“Look here, mother, you've been dropping re- .
«marks lately about having money. What does it

mean? You told me you took that 31,000 check
back to Mr. Bonsell, and your word is as any
man's bond with me, so where would you get any
money‘! Did Mr. Bonsell make you a present of
any cash?"

“I didn't mane to tell ye, but he did give me
$100 to hilp me out whin I told him we hardly had
a cint in the house." ’

“Oh. I see. Well, I have nothing to do with
what he gave you; but he conldn’t pay me my.

ing.

“So I told him, and he seemed to understand
your manin’. At any rate he took the check back
and thin he gave me another——’'

“w&e%£ft?" asked Johnny as his mother

su y.

‘ale gave me the $1Q0," said Mrs. Green, with

auguil look. ‘” ow sit up to your suppex~——it's
Y 01‘ 70-

After the meal Johnny found Billy Davis down-
stairs waiting for him. . A _

“I saw Kichael_ I"e_eney to-day down at the
Iaskedhim lf_he_VIl.g0ln’toca}]@
and thank you for savin’ his mother's 

s’poae he _laid1" _

  

     
  

   
  

16 « . JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

‘glaclrguard, and sayin’ he would get in jail some
ay.
“He's a nice chap, I don't think. Nobody buta

’ cowardly cur would have his mother to perish in

a ﬁre when he might have got her down stairs
before the ﬁre spread. If I hear him annoying
my mother there’ll be something doing he won’t
like,” said Johnny, wagging his head aggres-
sively.

“That’s right.
help you do it.”

“I don't want any help.
battles.”

The two boys then walked off down to pier
No. Saturday came and Johnny took his
suit case to the store. He and the driver hustled

If you can't lick him alone I'll
I can ﬁght my oWn

on their ﬁrst trip so they could get back to the-

store by noon. Johnny then went into the cellar
and put on his new suit, and other ﬁxings, includ-
ing his straw hat, and when he reappeared the
rest of the boys hardly knew him, he was so
changed for the better. . He then started for the
Long Island Railroad depot in Brooklyn. He had
time to snatch a hasty lunch before the train
pulled out. In the course of an hour he got off
at Springdale and looked for Mr. Bonsell’s auto.
There were several autos waiting for passengers,
but inquiry soon put him in touch with the right
machine. He got into it, with a small handbag
he had brought along, and was soon landed at the
ﬁnancier’s cottage. That gentleman was on the
lookout for him, but never having met Johnny,
and not expecting so well-dressed and gentleman-
Iy appearing a visitor, he thought a mistake had
been made by his chauffeur.
“You're not Johnny Green?” he said, interrog-
atively, as he stepped out to meet the auto.
“Yes, sir. Are you Mr. Fletcher Bonsell?” re-
plied Johnny. '
“That's my name. I’m glad to make your ac-
. ' tance, Johnny,” the ﬁnancier said, pleased to
that the boy was so much superior to the
idea he had formed of him_ after seeing Mrs.
Green. “Come up on the _veranda.'’ V
None of the family was in evidence yet. It had
been arranged that they were not to appear until
a little while after their visitor’s arrival. Elsie
Bonsell‘ hardly knew how she could interest her-
self in a tenement house boy, whom she expected
would be uncouth in his h and manners,
even though she was inde to him for her life;
while her brother Dick was sure «it would be a

. great bore to have to entertain him. Mrs. Bon-

eell had endeavored to instruct them how to act
toward their visitor, telling them that they must
not notice any mistakes he would be apt to make.
Fifteen minutes elapsed before Elsie _was sent out
to undergo the ordeal of an introduction, and dur-
ing that time her father had found, out that
Johnny was well educated as far as the public
school went, and that there was nothing in his
talk or manners that betrayed his intimacy with
the tenement district. Indeed, the ﬁnancier was

 

, go surprised that he found himself wondering it

really couldbe the son of the woman who
e__$1,009 _check_t_o him.
 Johnny Green.



    
  

. —. ' _ 

said, with a graious s ' , “and thus have the
opportunity of expressin to you the gratitude I -
feel toward you for the service you rendered me.”

Johnny had not expected such elegant talk from
a young miss of fourteen, and that, coupled with
her beauty and charming manner, quite took his
breath away, and for the moment he felt too em-
barrassed to _make the reply he felt was expected
of him.

.“Thank you, miss; I only did the ,right thing,"
he blurted out in some confusion.

“It was very brave of you to risk your life
for me,” she said.

“I didn't risk my life, miss.
a duck.”

“Well, you saved my life at any rate, and I am
-very, very grateful to you,” she replied, much
pleased to ﬁnd that their visitor did not look at
all like a boy of the tenements.

“That’s all right, miss. It was lucky for you
I was on hand, for nobody else could have reached
you in time. I had to dive to get you as it was."

Elsie seated herself beside Johnny and began
a lively chat with him, during which she spoke
about reading in the papers of his gallant rescue
of the Feeney woman.

“That shows how brave you are,” she said, fa-
voring him with an admiring look.

.“I couldn’t_ stand bv and see her lose her life
without making an effort to save her,” said the
boy. “I didn’t expect that the danger was quite
so great.”

“¥V,hy didn't some of the men of the house help

on.’

“Two or three of them did start up with me,
but when I reached the top ﬂoor I found myself
alone, and had to do the best I could.”

“Tell us all about it. I dare say the newspapers
did not give all the facts as you know them,”
said Mr. Bonsel.

Johnny told his story in a modest but earnat
way, and his description of the peril he had en-
countered for a woman, whom he admitted was
not on good terms with his mother and himself,
was more thrilling than the newspaper account,
and Elsie held her breath as she listened to him,
while the ﬁnancier mentally determined that his
young visitor was one boy in a thousand, and
Johnny rose vastly in his estimation. Dick Bon-
sell came out while the story was in progress and
listened, too. Then he was introduced to Johnny.

I can swim like

 

CHAPTER X.—Johnn% and Elsie Get into
Trou le.

\)

On the whole Johnny created a very favorable
impression on the Bonsel1_faniily. He conducted
himself with credit to himself, and made few
blunders. These were excusable, as a matter of
fact nobody noticed them. Dick Bonsell took him
around the village and down to the Sound shore, ,,
where they had a swim, during which Johnn 
showed, his proﬁciency, as an aquatic expert.  2» 
introduced him to a number of his friends they ‘ i
found there without mentioning the fact that ho a

 
 

na-

       
 
   
 
 

    

 

   
  

    

had saved l'iisr’sister’s lif for all the 
friwpisaknew ﬂit} Elsie had been savui
may end did not 2:»

Dick

   

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

he could help it. While it was quite evident that
Johnny wasn't of the same brand as themselves.
the other boys did not suspect his real origin, and
supposed he might be connected with the ﬁnan-
cier’: oﬂioe. _
Johnny's trial came when he went in to din-
ner, and found a table covered with all the up-to-
date ﬁxings to which well-to-do people are accus-
tomed. There was nothing special about the
meal on Johnny's account,  the Bonsells never
ﬂit on frills except at their formal dinners.
evertheless Johnny felt ill at ease, like a fish
outiof water. He wasn't accustomed to have _a
servant ready to hand him everything and anti-
cipate his wants; nor was he used to such an
array of knives, forks,"spoons and glasses, each
of which had its proper function. Mrs. Bonsell
had seated him at the head of the table, near
her husband, with Elisie on~his right and Dick
opposite to him, and the ﬁnancier and Elsie made
it their business to see that he was relieved of

all embarrassment. Johnny was sure he had never‘

had such a meal in his life, and doubtless he was
right. After dinner they sat on the veranda for
a long time, and then they went inside and had
music and singing.

Johnny had a good voice himself, ‘and was per-
suaded to sing. His repertory consisted of those
songs to which he was accustomed, and which
are usually classiﬁed as “rag-tiin_e.” John_nY'5
rendition of them brought out their best points.
and Elsie and her mother particularly enyo ed
them. Next morning Johnny was treated to W at
he called a swell breakfast, but that was because
it was simply superior to the plain bill—of-fare_ to
which he was accustomed About eleven he, Dick
and Elsie started off on a walk along the shore.
There was a line of cliffs near Springdale villa
which extended down into the water at high ti e-
At low tide their base was uncovered, disclosing
a hard sandy beach which traversed_their entire

. The cliﬂs were broken in indentations;
one of which connected with a ravine that led up-
ward by degrees and ﬁnally ended_ at the back
:if the cliffs near the road that ran in that direc-

on.

There was a pool of water at the opening of_the
ravine close to the shore, but it was not in sight
of thegentrance. At low tide there was.perhaps
three feet of water in it, but when the tide was
up the pool itself was covered and lost in the
swirl of water that flowed into the lowest part
' Behind the pool, and hidden by a
wild overgrowth of trees and shrubbery, was a
rickety-looking hut, consisting of one room and
a loft above it. It had been built and used by
nine ﬁshermen years ago, but had long since been
abandoned, though occasionally used by tramps

as a  spot over night. The tide beingllom.
S

when the rec young people struck the ore,
Dick Bonsell led the way ‘around by the beach
.route. In the course of ﬁfteen minutes they came

‘ﬁﬂtheravine.

“Do you want to continue along the beach, or
ﬂail we walk up this wa to the road, and then
élpto the top. of the‘ cli s, where we can get a

' th said Dick.

  

I'D.

“I'd Prefer to go to the top of the cliﬁs my

self," said Elsie, and so they entered the ravine ’

and nresently _came to the pool.

While standing around the water they were not
aware that two pairs of eyes were watching them’
from behind the shrubbery in front of the hut.
The eyes belonged to two.rough-looking men who
hag Slept the preceding night in the shanty.

Do you see that chap in the blue suit?” said
0IleIO‘flE:lelI)1il. d I d dn .

“ ’ in if i ’t,” growled the other.

"He does look familiar, but blame me if I 113..
member where I've seen him.”

“If he isn’t the wagon boy who gave us such a
lot‘of trouble two weeks ago, I'm a liar.”

‘ L°°],‘5 like him: but he’s a tenement lad, and
wouldnt be down here hobnobbin’ with them two
swell kids.”
ch;;1IJ)o’n'.t make no difference, I'll swear he’s the
na:r:nV:7h:t‘:sifi3iligeleiys?" asked the tall crook, whoa!

A whole lot: We owe him for spoilin’ our
game.  now_ is as good a chance as any to get
Square With him.” said the short crook, whose
nanﬁa was Snorl-:ey._ ’ to d

: °W "9 We_ 20111 o it?” asked Bigley.

h ‘ Why, nab him_, of course, and put him in an
ult while we decide what we'll do with him.”
th That would be all ri t if he was alone, but
3%! and the other ki_ '11 make trouble for us."
at’s the matter with catchin’ the}m11thn.1_
You take one of the boys, and I'll take the other.
 ‘.1.‘I:’.'i:’.§£"......“"".’i.:’»°’°“"" me» ed
- Bigley,_however,_had his doubts about the suc-
cess of his companion’s plan, and seemed loath :4.
take a hand in it.

“Somebod wduld hear th
come to ﬁn out what the troﬁib e wéagfsalrit siipdl.
“Then we’d have to run to save ourselves."

‘ There’s a place up the ravine where only 0113
c_an_ pass at a time. We'll go on ahead of ’em
lie in wait behind the rocks and surprise them 4
said Siiorkey._ . '

""1 don’t think your scheme is worth the troub.
le, Bigley said.

_“Bah! You're a ﬁne pal," replied Snorkey, in
disgust. “There they go now. We'll 1053 an
chance.”

Johnny, Dick and Elsie left the margin of the
sol and started up the ravine. The two rascals
ooked after them. Hardly had they disappeared

when Bigley changed front, and then he and
Snorkey started after the young people by a dif.
ferent mute. They worked around through the
bushes till they got well in advance and arrived
at a spot_whei_'e they could. ambush the young
ple. Dick first appeared in advance, and see-
ing that he was alone they let him pass. Johnny
and Elsie were lagging behind veer? mu intu-J
to l t 8

osted in each other. They stopp 3 ﬂ;
bunch of wild ﬂowers, which Johnn proceeded to ‘ 
gather when Elsie thought she won (I like to have

      

them.

“Now’s our  'md Snorkey. “We'll 

backandgrab o,didrush’emtoth

.. ,:.'l'he.othe'r chap waég’t  '15! for a, ‘ he
.  _ ~ » . . .  '

w

$6.110

   
  
 
   

'Whic’h..‘d -did__he go?” asked Dick, aowanx-'

   

'18

- The two crooks walked softly toward the un-

' "suspecting pair and then suddenly grabbed them.

Elsie was easy, but Johnny proved a troublesome
lad to handle. While he was taken at a disad-
vantage, and _eould not do much, still he put up a
. big ﬁght against Snorkey, who had hold of him.
“Give up or I'll mash your head in," cried the
crook.
’ Johnny wasn't one of the giving up kind, and
refused to yield. While they were struggling to-
. gether, Bigley bore Elsie otf, disappearing into
the bushes. He held his hand over the girl's
_ lnouth so she couldn't utter a sound. She was
terribly frightened at ﬁnding herself in the arms
. of a strange man, who had all the earmarks of
. a roman, and before he got her back to the pool
she had fainted dead away. The struggle between
_ Johnnyand Siiorkey continued, the latter realiz-
‘ ing that he had tackled a tougher proposition
, than he had counted on.» In the meanwhile Dick
missed his‘ sister and Johnny and sat down to
, wait for th. , When they didn't show up he
. wondered what was keeping them, and retraced
_hisstepstoﬂndout. Whenhereached thes t
where he had last seen‘ them he was astoni ed

to see Johnny struggling desperately with a hard— _

,_looking man. ,
His sister was not in - sight.‘ Dick stop
~ ast for a moment and then .dashed forwa to
- e rescue. Snorkey thus-found himself in still
- mar dimculties. When he endeavored to de-
_ himself against this fresh attack from be-
_liind, J_ohnny took advantage of the loosening of
his grip to wriggle around and plant a blow in
.his stomach. At the same moment Dick struck
,him in the jaw. With _a furious iinprecation
Snorkey let go of Johnny and struck Dick a crack
on the head that sent him staggering back into
the bushes. Then he turned on Johnny again, but
‘the boy was ready to receive his attack. After
failing to land on the parcel boy he tried to close
with him. Johnny dexterouslv avoided this. and
. as_he slipped aside he uppercut Snorkey under the
chin, and then fetched him another wallop in the

Dick recovered his feet, and picking up a stout
tree the rascal such a blow on the
arm with it as to paralyze the member for the
time being. Johnny's tough ﬁst then particﬂy
.dosed one ofhis eyes. With a howl of fury Snor-
key reached for his hip pocket and drew his re-
volver. As he was in the act of cocking it Dick
swept it from his ﬁngers with a blow of the
. At the same time Johnny smashed him
.a third blowdielow the belt. Snorkey felt that
he would be done up between the two boys, so.he
-took to his heels and lied in the same direction
his companion had gone.
' “Where ismy sister?" asked Dick, anxiously, as
-Jpiiany picked up the revolver. «

i

ii’  men attacked us and oneof them car-
. hero!

 liisarnis. We m_nst,£ollow him and

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

CHAPTER XI.—Johnny Takes the Two Crooks
into Camp.

_ When thcjv reached the pool there was still no
sign of hllsie, so they continued on to the shore.
_ I dont see where the villain could have car-
.1I'1°°}:‘1m:ly€l'. 1101‘ Whv he did such a thing," said
“I didn't hear her scream. and I was not far
8W8)’ from YOU both at any time,” said Dick.
zllicvsgwas all broke up over Jiis sister's disappear-
“The_ fellow never. came out here, but must
have hid somewhere in the bushes. We must go
back and search the whole ravine," said Johnny.
So back they went, and when they pushed their
Way through the shi-ubbery near the pool they
came upon the house. Rushing in, both were felled
by ‘blows _delivered by the two crooks who were
hid"!!! Inside. l)ick was knocked out. but Johnny
recovered himself sufficiently as he lay on the
ﬂoor to cover the two crooks with the revolver.
Johnny recognized both now as the rlscgls he
and the driver for Duncan & Rich had had the
trouble with. A
“I know you, you rascals," he said, sitting up.
txzglnlilgiveey You done with the young lady?" he
ll ‘ 1 I! ‘
““’}¥e0Il.:li!sl ,8hei;e'plied the scoundrel.
:1-‘ind'out," replied the fellow sulkily.

Thats what I'm goin to do. You were the
last who has seen her, tel me what you have done
W13; her, or I ll put a ball into you."

on wouldn't dare shoot me," snarled Bigle ,
working his hand toward his hip pocket. y
None of that. Take your hand away from
our back pocket.’ You _ve got g , 1 snppoge'
11: Von won t get it out if  can he p it."

Y°11’Ve Rot us on the _hip_. If ou'll let us go

all trey’ you where the girl is. " e have no use
::What did you carry her off for then?”

,We wanted to get you, for we owe you a
grudge, and we had to do somethin’ with her to
ili3reV1'e:t her screamin’ when we tackled you,” said

i e . .
, §Well. you haven't zpt me. The boot is on the
other leg. Now where is the young lady?”

“Will u let up on us""

“No, won’t." '

“Then I won't let you know where she is." .

Crack! Johnny pulled the trigger and the bul-
let whiued close to Bigley’s head. Both men
made a dash for the _door. Snnrkey in advance.
Johnny deliberately aimed at that rascal’s legs
and ﬁred. Snorke pitched headlong out of e
door with I loud and Bigley tripped over him.
Johnny jumped on his feet and followed them

outside, where he held Bigley down by pointing.

the revolver at him.

_ ‘_‘Don’_t shoot," cried the‘ crook. in terror of his
15:. seeing that the boy was thoroughly in eam-, ‘

' ’‘.Where ‘is the young lady, then?”. .
“In-thelo,ftAof.that shack." -. .
. _At  .

   
 

    

  

 
   
  

 b

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

Pm holding down has a revolver in his hip pocket.
Take it away from him." _

Dick didn't fancy the job, for he was afraid to
approach the ugly-looking ruﬁlan. Snorkey was
moaning with pain on the ground and could not
help his pal had he been disposed to take the risk
of doing so.

“Tum over," cried Johnny to Bigley, threaten-
in him with his weapon.

e crook obeyed. Johnny then walked up to
him and pulled the revolver out of his pocket.

“Here, Dick, take this, and stand over that fel-
low. If he moves shoot him."

‘!‘hen warning young Bonsell to look out for
Snorkey, too, he ran into the hut. mounted the
ladderandsawElsiel' eenselessonabunch
of dirty straw. He picked er up and carried her
outside. Dick gave an exclamation of joy on see-
ing his sister. Johnny laid Elsie down. and tali-
ﬁdhis handkerchief from his pocket, 

of B‘ s arms and tied them behind his
back. Thai e carried the girl to the edge qf
the and laved her face with water. This
bro t her out of her faint.

"0 , Mr. Green!" she cried.

“You're all right now, lies Bonsell. Here is
your brother, so don't look so frightened.”

He helped her on her feet and she rushed to’

her brother. He told her that she owed her res-
cue more to Johnny than himself. She started
tothank ourhermbuthecuthershort.

“It's all right, Iisa Bonsell. Now, Dick, you
and your sister had better return home and tell
your father what has happened. I'll stay here
and watch these cha s til your father sends or

brings a couple of cers to take charge of 
Leee no time about i for the sooner theyre in
jail the better,” said e parcel boy.

Acco y Dick  his sister started off by
way of the . the tide not being high enough
yet to cut them on‘. Johnny, with a revolver_in
each hand, stood guard over the prisoners. Big-
ley tried to persuade the boy to let them go. but
he wouldn't listen to them. More than an hour
hter Hr. Bonsell appeared with Dick and two of
the village constables. Mr. Bonaell thanked Johnny
for rescuing his daughter from the hands of the
two assuring him that he could not ‘for-
get this additional obligation he was under to

im. The crooks were handcuffed and removed to
the wagon, the constables being obliged to carry
the wounded Snorkey. They were then driven to
the lock-up_, _where Snorkey’s leg was attended to
by a physician. .

Ir.  €k and Johnny walked back to
the ow. voung visitor was high in El-
aie’s during the rest of the brief
turn to the city so soon. e

boy was that he had to re-
a ’ oc, ‘ in
abo teight cl k landingJohiinleft
afterigineﬁereached thestore

told his mother about

vmoney at the

1!

into all kinds of adventures," replied her son.
_“What happened to ye?” asked his mother cu-
riously.
“I’ll tell you about it in its proper order.”
H9 88¢ '0!) to his sup r and between bites he
_ _ e nice way the ‘er
and his family had entertained him; the good
things he had to eat; how pretty and vivacious
E1519 307139" W88.  what a capital fellow her
brother had proved_himself to be. Then he told
her about the experiences that he. Dick and Elsie
had with the_two crooks. During the rest of the
sllmmel‘ 3°‘-hint out of the common happened to’

in.

He found it pretty strenuous work carrying
parcels up stairs in the different ﬂat houses, when
the temperature was up around 90 degrees in the
shade, but he did it with the utmost eerfulness,
and never went to slee over his work. During
August he received a.no&er invitation to Mr. Bon-
sells cottage. and the superintendent let him on
half a day so he could avail himself of it. On this‘
occasion the ﬁnancier asked him if he wouldn’t
like to transfer his ﬁeld of action to Wall Street.‘
He replied that _he thought he’d rather remain
8* the Store. as his chances for advancement were‘
gooduv thereeu,” lied H 11

"7 " "P . 1'- B0388 . “but if u
should change_y_our mind letme know. andI;,1l'
geaqyouha position.”

_e ocrooksweretried' atthe eountyseat
d'“""§ 9'9 9"’! but 0‘ September. and Johnny
waso ligedtogetoﬂforadaytogivehigtesgj-
. met ffhey were eo_nvicu.-d and got
six years each, which was eqmvﬂent to fou-
years of actual imprisonment if they behsved
themselves.

“Well,"_ said Johnny to the driver. “there's
more coming to th when they have served on:
their present sentence. I don t see how it pays to
be; crook. They all get it in the neck sooner oi-

a r.”

f‘Tha_t’s right," admitted the driver, as he
reined in before a flat house and Johnny grabbed
En the parcels he had to deliver on the third

oor.

Our hero made the acquaintance of the girls
in the store, and they made a whole lot of him
whenever they met him; but none of them, not
even Annie Rooney. the queen of the bunch. made
the same impression on him that Elsie Bonsell
did. That miss was his ideal of a girl. and as
her social position was away above his own, he
contented himself with worshipping her at a dis-
tance, and envying the well-to-do boys who moved
in her own particular set.

CHAPTER XlI.—Johnny Blocks a Store Thief.

AftertheBonsellscanIebacktothecityin
October. Johnny received an invitation to vhit

 again soon, which he eagerly promised to do. Elsie.
told her mother in conﬁdence that Johnny was
really a very nice boy, and that she liked him
very much indeed.

“He is awfully careful how he talks, and seems
|;o.,be watching himself all the time, but in spite
of that he uses some odd expressions once in a
while, and then he blushes up and looks em-
barrassed. Of course I take no notice of them,
for I know he wouldn't use them if it wasn't that
he forgets himself. Really, mother, I’m very much
interested in him. ‘ He is so manly, and brave,
and——he saved my life, you know, not to speak of
rescuing me from that horrible man the first
Sunday he spent with us at Springdale. I do
admire his earnest way, and he certainly treats
me‘ as if I was a kind of superior being that he
was almost afraid of. He is most refreshingly.
frank sometimes. He never says one thing when
he means another. I do like to see a person tell
the truth. So many of the boys in our set are
inclined _to jolly, as they call it, that I really
don't know when they mean what they say. Mr.
Green is not at all that way. He said to-night
that I was a lovely singer, and I know he honest-
ly- meant it. That is a kind of compliment that
is worth something."

‘ Elsie did not tell her mother, however,‘that~
Johnny had told her in one of his frank moments -
that she was the prettiest and nicest girl he had
ever met. She knew .he meant that, too, and it

' brought a rich blush into her face. Had Johnny

-. attempted to make love to her she would have
turned him down in a polite way that would have’
been unmistakable; but by making love with his
eyes, and in a hundred unconscious movements,.
he_graduallv made an inroad on her own heart
thatshe never suspected until the damage was
done, and she awoke to the fact that she really
cared for this lad of the tenements, who carried
his heart on his sleeve in her company. and who

she knew had the ring of true metal. It was the A
first week in December, and Johnny had been
carrying parcels for Duncan & Rich for about
six months.~ The holiday season was on and the
store was more than usually crowded. It was
the time shop-lifters and sneak thieves made their
harvest—that is, the lucky ones d1d—-the others
found a quick ﬁnish. ’

Extra salesladies were taken on in all the big
stores, and Duncan la Rich's was no exception, for

_ they had to increase their force materially. Of
‘ course this big increase of business made strenu-
ous times for Johnny and the other parcel boys.
The wagons were loaded down every time they
went out, and instead of getting home at eight, or
before that hour. Johnny seldom saw the supper
table before half-past nine, and the driver told
_  that they would be off later each week up to
the first of the year. The result was he and the
‘driver when they felt real hungry would stop in
front of a small coﬁee house, if they struck one
.911 theinroirte. and refresh themselves with a
»_ sandwich and a cup of caﬂee. One day when the]
wagon  twe. the boss of the Bhlp-"
‘ﬁmm*,bu Johnny that he was not togoout

_  =£iig;~:ooiii:im§,in';siaco,.,‘

 
 
 
  

 

  

sick: ~Yqu'iIa*htm:‘to_..

f '~iteasie_r
. 

JOHNNY THE. PARCEL J BOY

your Jivagon days will cease with the ﬁrst of the
year. ,

“Yes?" said Johnny in surprise.

“That’s confidential, between you and me. You
mustn't let it out. The super is going to advaﬂce
you, and _so I have been instructed to use you in
the shipping-room here whenever necessary so as
to. put you in a way of learning the ropes.”

‘ I m glad to hear that I may expect a lift. I
want to’get ahead as fast as I can.”

You ll get ahead all right. You're built of
the right stuff, and the super knows it, you may
gamble. on it. He’s got the measure of every em-
ployeein the house, and_ when he lets a regular go
you may be sure there is a reason for it."

The man then set Johnny at work bringing the
parcels from the end of the room as fast as they
were brought there from the different wrapping
tables in the store. And this was by no means
the only thing he_had to do. Mistakes were ma ie
by the wrappers in labeling the goods, which had
to be rectified, and he was often sent to diﬁerent
places in the store to ﬁx the matter up. On one
of _these occasions he was passing through the
ladies’ cloak_ and suit department, which was al-
most exclusively frequented by women, when he
saw two hard-looking men looking into the room.
They appeared to be -watching a lady who was
taking a roll of money from a wallet she had just
pulled out of_ her handbag.

After peeling off a bill she stuffed the rest of
the money back. in her, pocketbook, but instead of
dropping it into her bag she momentarily laid it
down on _the end ‘of a table. She turned her back
on it while handing the bill to the saleslady who
was waiting on her. _Both men immediately glid-
ed forward, and while one of them iostled the
lady and then began to beg her~pa‘i-don. his co_mL
panion snatched up the _wallet. V. Johnny, who had
a bundle of packages in his arms at the time,
uttered an exclamaion of surprise at the thief’s
audacity. ,

He Wasn't the Only person. though, who had ob-
served the daring theft. The ﬂoorwalker had not
been asleep and he spied the act, too. He rushed
forward to prevent the man from leaving the
room with the plunder.

blocked the ﬂoorwalker, his companion started
for the door-with the stolen pocketbook. Johnny,
attracted to the spot by the disturbance, ﬂung
his packages at the fellow, knocking the wallet
from his hand. The crook staggered back from
the shock, and Johnny took advantage of the
chance to dart forward and pick it up. Holding
it in one hand be seized the man by the arm. The
ﬁellow }ef1ked his arm away and rushed for the

001'. o nny stuffed the wallet in his pocket and
darted after him.

The crowd be ond hindered the thief’s rogress,
and J ohnny nail D
hands, and held on to him despite his _
Of course the women, of which the crowd was
mostly composed, were thrown into a small panic,

   
  
  

The ppearanee of sto de ' gum 
enedathingsout. “VVithreJoht§ht;yse 

   

marched the» man back into the cloak 
 ‘he’ “found the ﬂoorwalker. 

W  3 

  

The crooks saw at once _
that they were detected. While one of the rascals.

ed him again, this time with both .

   

  
     

  
  
  

ételt-he

    
  

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

The lady to whom it belonged was not able to
recover it, however, and the detective explained
that it would be necessary to hand it over to the
police to be used as evidence against the prison-
ers’. Both of the rascals were taken to the super-
intendent's oiﬁce. Johnny, the lady to whom the
wallet belonged, the ﬂoorwalker and the detective
went along. After the superintendent had been
told the facts he ordered the men to be taken into
an adjoining room and searched. Several articles
that appeared to belong to the store were found
on them, but they denied taking them. Finally
a cab was sent for and they were taken by the
detective to the nearest police station, where there
were locked up. ' _ g

Later on they were removed to the Tombs
Prison. Next morning they were brought up for
examination before the police magistrate, and
Johnny, the ﬂoorwalker and the store detective
appeared against them. The judge held them for
the action of the Grand Jury, and we may as well
say here that they were dulv tried, convicted and
sent to Sing Sing for a term of years, and then
the lady got her pocketbook back intact.

CHAPTER XlII.—Johnny Takes Elsie to the
' Theatre.

On the ﬂrst of the year Johnny was transferred
from the wagon delivery to a position in the ship-
ing department. As his chief business was to
handle parcels of all shapes and sizes he still
came under the head of a parcel b0Y- 38 MW
had regular hours,  eight in the morning un-
til six at night, with half an hour at noon for
lunch. He liked his new iob much better than the
old one because he could get home every night bY
—-half-past six, and that enabled him to have_the
whole eveningto himself. His wages were raised
to $6, -and that was _quite an item to his mother.
She had xit taking in washi , haviugsecured a
steady j to go out by the ay cleaning in an
oﬂce building not a great distance from her
bane.
She was eingloyed from 6 to 7:30 in_the morn-
ing and from till about 8 in the evening.‘

. ohuny always found his breakfast waiting for
him in the oven when he got up, and he cooked
his owirsupper when he got home from work. '

He continued to be a re lar visitor at the

~ Bonsell hon‘i!e,wfor Elsie loo ed for him to call

ednesday, and he did not disap-

He usually met Hrs. Bonsell and sometimes
Hr. Bonsell, but not often Dick, as that young
man called on his own girl that evening.

Johnny had unconsciously acquired consider-
ish from his intercourse with Elsie, and

,for he was quick to pick up what he

' Hawas studiouslylpolite :'.o_allholder than him-

waa particular nea is non, an

2 @ e as

as °i~...1.n.i-.Z°.i.»t~°‘i"~*:..:i.7-Mei‘ .::°
 _ "W.  '-”'°. °-

" point her.

  

8!

associating with the Bonsells took ﬁrm root and
ﬂourished. .

He often wished he could aﬁord to invite-Elsie
to go with him to the theatre; but this was out
of the question, for he couldn’t take her to a
cheap theatre, nor to a cheap section of a good
theatre.

Elsie _herself wished to go to some entertain-
ment with him, but she didn't know how to get
around it until she consulted with her mother.

Then it was arranged that she should buy two
seats _for a certain new play -at a Broadway
‘house, and get her brother Dick to do the rest.

Dick took the tickets, called at the store on
Grand Street and asked for Johnny.

He was shown into the shipping department,

‘where he found the boy hard at work.

“Good afternoon, Johnn ," he said.

“Why, hello,_ Dick; gla to see you, Rather
32:‘ of youlr latitude d0WiI)lhle(!'€, aren't you?" said

nny, peased to see ' .

“Somewhat, but that’s_ ndthing. What have you
got Ion Ifor-tt}>|—‘:;)rx'ow night?"

“ ig t sc .” .

“Well, you can pass it up for one night, can't
you.

“Yes, of course. Why?”

“Well, I’ve got a couple of seats here for the
‘Prince and the Pilgrim,’ at the Empire. My sis-
ter wgidts to size the pliliy. the worst way, so I

romi to ta e er. got- the seats, but an
important engagement has turned up which I
really can't aﬂord to miss. I can't change the
tickets 80 I thollttht you'd do me the favor to use
them and take. Elsie. I consulted her about the
matterf‘ and all: {said she bevtvould be delighted to
go wit you. act _l’ll _a dollar she d rather
§:’.:',::"..z.°‘:..:?**“ ":.';‘*.."“9-.:‘:.'..""’."*°'= -:3"

. ‘H, e___ .

-own brothers-—t£:nyhl go fast 
girl’: brother. Now, can I depen on you?"

“Yes, but I can’ y u f th tick ts "
said John , ticklcdnat ythe id; oef takigngnlglhie
tpiieisglorgd s ow, but dubious about the cost of the

“Pay me for the tickets! Why, I'm making
you a present_ of them, old chap. favor is
all on your side. You're helping me out of a
dilmmﬁ. I'm mad} obliged to you for agreeixﬁ
to e my sister. ’m go‘ right home d 1
tell her that you will_be on and at a qua‘:-.ter of
eight to-morrow evening, and that you expect her
to be all ready when you get there. You can take
a Broadway car down to the door of the theater,
and ditto back."

“All right," replied Johnny, and then Dick aid
good-bv and left.

J ohnnyrang thgbell at the  at exactly

- ﬁfteen minutes of eight on the following evening, .

and was shown up into the sitting-room where he
always met Elsie.

Mrs. Bonsell was in the room and gave him‘ i

a welcoming smile. ~
Two minutes. later Elsie sailed into the room

  
  

d

 

what‘ she wore. '

 
  

She ‘

 like a dream.ln—-'well.{w_ha‘t's the use cg 

   

  

 

B2 JOHNNY THE
said you were very particular about me being
on time.” »

“You mustn't believe all that, Miss Elsie. I
wouldhave waited for you as long as you wanted
,me_to," said Johnny, earnestly.

“You dear boyl’? she thought, but didn't say,
though her eyés must have expressed her senti-
ments. “Come, we will go. Good-by, mother. Mr.
Green will take good care of me.”

“I am sure he will," her mother replied with a

smile.

“You are looking lovely to-night, Miss Elsie,”
said Johnny, when they were outside; “I mean
particularly lovely. You always 1ook—I beg your
pardon. You must excuse me. I have no right to
say everything I think."

"Oh, I don't mind what you say, Mr. Green,”
she replied softlyhclinging a little closer to him.
“I mean I appreciate everything you say, for I
know you never say anything you don't mean, or
that I should not hear. ’

“Thank you, Miss Elsie. You are very kind
to say so. And you are very to permit me’ to
escort you to the theater. have often wished
that I could take you, but-—but I was afraid that
-—tI'l’3t I had no right to expect you to go with
me.

“!Why not with you, Mr. Green? There is no
one, except my father and mother, and my bro-
ther, I would sooner trust myself with."

“Thank you. I hardly deserve such a favor on
 I am not your—— our—I think you

what I mean.- I am ly a poor boy, but
I'd go through tire and water to serve you. Per-
haps I ought not to say that, but I mean i ”

“I believe you, Mr. Green.. You may not be
socially my equal, as you have just hinted, but
that is not your fault. Nevertheless, in my opin-
ion‘ you are superior to many boys in my set. in
all save the possession of money. I re-
gard you as a brave, manly, noble boy, whom I
am proud to number amon -my intimate friends.
. ﬁre, I've said it, and I on't care. Like your-

ﬁl _ I am inclined to say just what I mean,” said
- sie. -

Johnna‘ made no reply. '

His on ts struggled to come out, but
. perished on ' lips.

Elsie cast a covert glance into his face, and
saw something in his face that kept her silent
until they boarded a Broadway car, when she
began  lightly about the play they were

80 .

J yseﬁelt as proud as a king when he
Inarched into the theatre with the -lovely girl on

arm.

Elsie enioyed the show greatly, but Johnny

thought more of the fair gir by his side than of

Iie was not thoroughly happy, strange as it
a r. .
-ilgexgitathat as lon as he lived he would never
care for another gir as he did for Elsie, but he
knewthatehewasnotforhini._ ,
 inlier class. and--that settled the

II’

. the play.

 
 

;PARCEL BOY

maybe; but as endurin as the passion of maturer
years; and she? Well, s e wasn't saying anything.

He took her home and opened the door for her .

to enter. _

“Good night, Mr. Green.
giving me so delightful an evening," she said,
giving him her hand.

“Good night, Miss Elsie. I thank you for going '

with me.”

He gave her a look and then hurried down the
steps.

And Elsie carried that look with her into her
dreams.

‘'3
CHAPTER XlV.—Johnny Shows Himself to be
a Real Man.

The next time Johnny visited Elsie her quick -

eye observed a diﬂ"erence.in him.

No one else would have noticed it, but she did.

He treated her as he always did, but there was
something missing.

What she missed was what she rized the
most, and the evening proved some ing of a
failure. .

She wondered wh he was changed.

She could not un erstand it after that look he
had given her in which she read a boyish devo-
tion that thrilled her very nature to its depths.

When he went away she ran to her room and
cried for an hour.

She looked forward to his next visit with an
unrest so unusual that her mother remarked it.

On the day that he always called in the evening _

a letter was delivered to her by the maid.

She recognized his handwriting and tore it
open eagerly. . ‘

It ran as follows:

“Dear Miss Elsie—I ,shall disappoint you to-
night. It is better that I should. It is better
that we do not meet again. I have realized at
last that I cannot continue to see for reasons
that perhaps you can guess. 0 've me for
taki this abrupt way of break: oﬂ our
frien ship. I cou d not do it personal y. I could
not look into your eyes and say what I am trying
to write. You have been the best friend I ever
had. I shall never forget you-never. You
cannot understand what I suﬁer in  this
letter; but let it go. I am only the son of a poor
scrnbwoman, while you are the daughter of a

gentleman of wealth. That covers the whole '

question. Some day I may—but what's the use
of talkin . Please remember me with kindness.
It is all dare ask of you. Sincerely,

“Johnny.” ,_

Elsie dropped the letter with a little cry, then
picked it up and read it through again.

Sp ' °ng ﬁp she rushed into her inotlgei-'a
room, w ere rs. Bonsell was reading a maga-

Falling on her knees she buried her head in her:
mother's lap and burst into a flood of tears.
“Why, my dlarling, what is the matter?‘ '

   
 

€11

 amnelittle. ’time before ’
1/ . '' she «g.  I

I thank you for’

 JClHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

"Manama, mamma, I love him—with all my
heart. He is the best, the noblest boy’ in the
world. I cannot—cannot 've him up. I am
sure he loves me, too, and ause of the social
gulf between us he has given up all thoughts of
winning me. But I do love him, mamma. I do-—
I do-1 do. He must come back to me——he must,
or I shall die. I know I shall.”

Mrs. Bonsell soothed her daughter in a tactful
way.

"He is but a boy of seventeen and you only a
little cg‘-irl, dear. There is lots of time yet for you
two ildren to think of love. That letter does

Johnny credit. He is wiser than you, my dear.

He knows—-"

“Oh, mamma, it’s because I’m the daughter of
rich parents he—-—” '

b “Yes, my dear, and it shows his good sense

W
. “Mamma, would it be proper for me to write
to him?”

“What would you say, my dear?”

“I would tell him that I———”

She stopped and blushed vividly, and hid her

head on her mother’s shoulder.

Jfrs. Bonsell smiled indulgently.
Has he ever mentioned love to you?” _
“Never, mother; but I saw it in his eyes, in
his manner, in every action. He is too honorable
to speak’ of it to me. Oh, mamma, if you only
knew him as I know him! The night he took me
to the theatre when he left me at the door he
gave me a look I never can forget. I read in it
the love of a noble heart; but now—-oh, mamma! _.
—I can see something else—sometliing'else. That

expression will always haunt me unless I can .

brin him .
-“ y dear, it is better as it is. We should not
think of you marryingfor at least four years yet.
It would be ridiculous. You have et to go to
_ college. You go to Vassar in the fol , and it will
take, u four ymrs to duate. In the mean-
time ohnny has to work is way up in the world.
He is a smart boy. Who can say what he will
accomplish in that time? Your father is satis-
ﬁed he will make his mark. - Admitting that you
both believe you love each other now, will that\
love survive four years of separation and the
ifrowth of your natures? If it will, thenyour
__.- ather and I will decide if it is best that you
. renew the old friendship."
’ "But, mamma, is it not right that I should bid
" him hope?" ,
_“No..dear; for we might have other views for
Wu. You, yourself, might ﬁnd someone else-——''’
“No, no; I never——‘ ’
,4 . _-“Hush! There are other reasons I might men-
, hon. It would  unfair’-to him to let him build
. hopes on what might never come to pass. He has
‘ 13.9 theknot himself in a thoroughly honorable
;,_!a7. ‘-l'here_is_ nothing more to be done. It is
; 3 ztlto man's privilege to woo. The proprieties for-
bid you from taking the initiative. You see, dear,
is really nothing more to be said or done in
jniatter. ‘Some day on will understand these
".« rthaayou onow..Tliatisall.-Go‘

  
  

 

  
  

  
   
  

   

   

"A ‘ ah otthe,bwdu' ,'

watching. I shall keep my eye on him. Every -
line of that letter spells love. for Elsie and a boy's '
resolute determination to give up what he feels ;
he has no ri hi: to hope for. Unless I err greatly
that b°Y'S _0‘v‘e will survive time and circum-
S§8ﬂ€€S- HIS regard for our child will grow with
his years, hopeless though it may appear to him.
As for Elsie, that is quite a different matter. .
Four years at college _will make another girl of —
her._ I doubt if it will be necessary for us to
consider the problem at the end of that time. At
any rate we can safely forget it till then." '
‘'1 ‘BT99 with Y0“/’ “plied his wife.
“As a last word, then, I will say that should
the seléneitpfchtﬁld d¢}velop~I shall be gregﬂy sur. .
pri i o ny ais to rove a wo '
for Elsie’s hand.” D rthy sum"
So Elsie and Johnny saw noinore of each
but the latter was asked to call at Mr. 3033?; -
oﬂice. What passed at the interview between the '
parcel boy and the ﬁnancier was known only to
themselves, but both seemed to be satisﬁed when .
it was closed. After that Johnny went on with
his work as if nothing of a momentous charaea .
ter had happened to him. On the ﬁrst of July
119 W85 promoted to 8 better position in the ship- i
pins-room and his pay raised to $10. On the
first of the ensu year he was raised to assig-
tant boss of the epartment with a still‘ higher -
raise in wages. The day he closed two years’
service with the house the superintendent took .
him out of the shipping-room and made him his
conﬁdential assistant. His progress was report-
ed to Mr. Bonsell whenever that gentleman asked
for the information, but Johnny never knew about -.
it.’ Mrs. Green, much against her will had been '
induced by her son to move to a small ﬂat up- -
town. Johnny's-ilrst thought was for his mother -
and his devotion to her was so marked as to viii"
the. secret applause of their neighbors. But deep
down in the boy's heart was the face and tom;
of a girl he had not se'en for a year and a half— .
and his love for that girl deepened as time sped.

CHAPTER XV.—Johnny Saves the ram,

Towards . the .middle of the fall business ‘
throughout‘ the _country was rather slow and _
money became‘ tight. Many manufacturers who
had made up their usual stock in anticipation of
a lively fall trade, had failed to turn their goods ‘
into cash at the customary proﬁt. and were com-‘
pelled to‘ask offers on their stock from depart- “
ment store buyers, who naturally took advantage
of the situation to make the best terms they could,
The buyers for Duncan & Rich were on the job
with the others. The opportunity to purchase 3
big stock of men's and boys’ clothing at very low
rates induced the firm to consider the plan of
adding such a department to their store, and they
selling out at “below cost.”

They hired an expert buyer in that line and "
gave him his instructions. In I short time he_.
80! 011 W 8 lpecitl _ entire output of ’
well-known esta secured “ ' '

 .1:-us‘, "-

   

       

  

u

    
   
  

,0»-.,

«

 
  
    
 

 :within a time limit of less than two. weeks, and
lo meet these payments Duncan & Rich began to
‘accumulate a large cash balance in their bank.
Johnny’s duties in the superintendent's oﬁice gave
him an insight into these matters. That after-
noon he overheard the superintendent remark to
I11‘. Duncan that though the ﬁrm had borrowed
h considerable sum in Wall Street that day at
a high rate of interest to make up the amount
necessary to cover drafts that would be made on
Hiem during the following week they were sure
to make a _good proﬁt out of the sale of the
goods at quick bargain prices.

“Yes, sir; I think there is no doubt of that,"
iaid Mr. Duncan. “I shall be glad when these

yments have been made, for though the stabil-
E of our bank is beyond _question, we have such
a large balance on'deposit,_a considerable part
of which is money temporarily borrowed to meet
these extraordinary payments, that were the
bank, through any untoward circumstance, to sus-
pend payment, it would place the ﬁrm in a most
unbarrassing position, not to speak of absolute
Idanser-”

Mr. Duncan's words made considerable impres-
sion on Johnny, who was present, and that after-
noon he looked the afternoon papers over care-
fully to see how the ﬁnancial situation appeared
Do be. The first thing he saw was an announce-
Inent of a run_ on an uptown trust company. The
Toﬁcials, on being interviewed, had said it would

t to nothing. In any event the resources of
bank would stand any ordinary run. _ Next
morning Johnny was sent on an errand in the
neighborhood of the bank in which the ﬁrm had
lts money. While waiting for an answer-_in the
oﬂice he visited, he heard two men discussing the
condition of his bosses’ bank. “Well, if I were
you, Jones,” said one, “I'd draw my money 0llt\
the bank closes at noon. I've got the tip on the
quiet, of course, from a high ﬁnancier ‘that the
bank don't open its doors Monday morning."

His companion, with a startled look, said he'd
.'(lraw his money at once. At that point Johnny

his answer, and left the oﬁice. Instead of tak-
'ing a car back for the store he made a beeline
for Fletcher Bonsell’s oﬁice. He was accorded an
immediate audience with the ﬁnancier.

“You are up in the ﬁnancial situation, sir, will

tell me whether you think the——- Bank is
Eimany danger of stopping payment?" asked
Johnny?” _

“Johnny, if I say Yes will you keep my name
out of it?”

“I will, sir,” :0 id Johnny eagerly.

“Then for Elsie's sake, who has not forgotten
‘ya, I say to you see Mr. Duncan or Mr. Rich
the moment you get back, and tell them that you
have it from the best of authority that the
Bank will not open Monday morning. Take a cab,
for it’s nearly eleven, and what is to be done must
be done within the next hour.”

' . » . He hired a cab and ordered the driver to reach
« cant Rich’s storeas fastashe dared drive.
ﬁfteen minutes the cab ulled up in front of

 
       
    

      
   
 

 

   

  rushed in rs to the private om-

,—\"

guueeyoupi-ivatel ans’.

JOHNNY THE PARCEL BOY

Johnny gave him the news straight from the
shoulder. The gentleman was staggered.

“Come with me," he said, and Johnny accom-
panied him to the cab.

At ﬁve minutes of twelve they left the bank
with two large packages of notes in their arms
and went directly to a safe deposit vault, where
Mr. Duncan rented a big box and put the pack-
ages into it.

On Monday morning a notice appeared on the
outer door of the Bank that the institution
had temporarily stopped payment and was in the
hands of the State bank examiners. An extra
announced the fact, and great excitement ensued
in Wall Street. Johnny had indeed saved the
ﬁrm, and Duncan & Rich, an hour later. called
him into the senior partner's room and acknowl-
edged their indebtedness to him. On Christmas
Eve the ﬁrm presented him with a check 1'
$5,000._ We will skip two years. Johnny as
something over twenty-one, and had inst been
made superintendent of Duncan & Rich’s store.

It was Christmas Day and he had, after some
hesitation, accepted an invitation to dine with the
Bonsell family. After a few minutes he was left

alone and then a lovely young woman entered the ~

ilcgtéméiﬁggi Elsie, fairer than his wildest dreams

“I am so glad to see -you again, Mr. Green,"
she said, offering him her hand.

“And I am glad to see you, Miss Elsie-—I beg
pardon—Miss Bonsell.”

“No, not Miss Bonsell. To you I am always
Elsie," she said. with a humble look in her eyes.

“And I—what am I to you? What can I ever
be to you?" he asked.

“That depends on yourself,” she replied softly.

“On me?”

“Yes,” as she drew a letter from her bosom
and handed it to him. “I have treasured that
note——the only one you ever wrote in use it
spoke the sentiments of a noble, manly soul. Do
you wish me to retain it longer?"

“Yes. Oh, Elsie, I love you—love you with all
my heart. Do you really re for me? Do you
consider me worthy of your ove?"

“Yes, dear Johnny, I love you-—with all my
heart, and  consider you worthy of a love- that
has grown in my heart through ﬁve long years.”

He caught her to his heart and their lips met
in their first kiss, and as they stand there, the
most beautiful picture of love’s young dream, we
will drop the curtain on Johnny, once the parcel
boy—the lad who saved the ﬁrm. .

Next week's issue will contain "GOING THE
LIMIT; or, A ‘BIG RISK FOR BIG MONEY."

 
 

Love LURE

      

‘ l

559 old saying that
 ho . »
7  said Jimmy. "Someb°dy_be§tms my

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

'I'RUTI-IFUL JAMES

The Boy Who Would Not Drink

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER XIV.—A Neighborhood ‘Trouble.

“Oh, my!” exclaimed Sally, “I don't mind walk-
ing the distance at all."

“Well, Pd rather have you with me than not,”
and she called to Jimmy that Sally was there in
the house, and ing to town with them. S0 5118'
gested that he 'tch_up the wagon. _ 2

Quick as a ﬂash, Jnnmy changed his Plans. ﬁnd
attached the horse to the. light wagon. In Whl¢_h
all three of them could ride comfortably, and in
about ﬁfteen minutes he had his mother
sweetheart seated in the vehicle» While he °°’
'ﬂ£.l¢d the front seat and dashed oﬂ toward the

. Jimmy was very ha py talkin with his mother
?.““ '.'.::°*"..-°"*...,.~ “.*..°’ “*8”   .13’
so . e soon
datination. an.d_Mi-s. vlatson and Salli’ left the
‘gen and visited several stores doing 80199
0PPm8- .
Jimin had a little business to attend $0 him-
self, an went to another place. stopping 111 from
of the house and hitchin his horse to a D05‘:
afterwards entering the
Somebod told him that he _had better look out»
as George il_liams was also in town, and was 38
drunk as a “biled owl."_ _
“Oh. he's on a tear, is he?” Jimmy asked-
‘ “Yes, and a bad one too; and there ardtwo
other fellhws ﬁllin themselves up with bad
' withhim. lfyouineetthem Y0“ ‘"11
certainly have trouble.’
“Well, I have in mother and a 703318 1“?
with me, and I  soon be through V1911 “W
' , while by that time they 11 no doubt
be ready to leave town.” . I _ th
’ v tained o r in e
i;"'3 'i3.‘.‘§§.‘i..§”u.‘.‘i.“.“ i.‘.'.°i..i expe"c'5°éd. as he
End some negotiating to do with the storekeeper
that detained him much longer than he had anti-

cipated. _ .
Present] he heard considerable noise out in
front of e pl_ace,_ and by and by a half-570W"

came running into the store and sung Wt?
“Jimmy Watson, therein a drunken man heat-
ing your horse out in front of the s1_’aor_e her}!-
Now, Jimmy Watson was an exempliﬁcation of
“A good man is merciful 1'-0

.. with—that he dashed out of the. store to

dnk

horse‘_4as

’ r~ 

85

“Consequences be hanged,” exclaimed George.
“I’ll lash you, too,” and with that he gave Jimmy
a_ severe cut across his face, then another over
his shoulders, and before Jimmy could seize and
wrench the whi from him he had cut him several
times, and two ig red whelts were plainly visible
on Jimmy’s face. \

Finally, Jimmy succeeded in seizing the whip-
lash, after several eﬁorts to do so, ‘and
wrenched it from Georgi-.’s hand. Then, seizing
the staff, he gave him a tremendous blow along-
side of the head that felled him to the ground.

Of course, there were some small boys and one
or two half-drunken men standing around laugh-
in and enjoying the strife.

en he had downed George, Jimmy gave him
several hard whacks with the whip staff, and one
of the fel1ow’s half—di_-unken companions ran up
and tried to interfere by wrenchin the whip
staff from his hand; but by a well-directed blow
Jimmy stretched him out on the ground, at which
the crowd laughed and hurrahed.

Jimm_y then turned George over on his face,
drew his hands behind his back, and tied them
securely with the whip lash.

Then to the amazement of the dozen or more
spectators, he picked him up and threw him into
the body of the wagon. ,

Then he ran to the horse’s head, unhitched him
from the post, and sprang to the front seat of
the wagon, of in the direction of the
village ock-up, the eeper of which he well know.

The town marshal came up just as he was
starting off, and learning what had happened,
sprang into the wagon, and said:

“Jimmy, I’ll see you through.
ghoing to arfeat tlait who]: I
tepeaceo e wn,an amgadthat on
have taken char of_the_ worst one.” y

“Well, marsh ," said J immy, “I was in David's
store attending to some business when George
came up, took my whip, and began beating my
horse. Itriedtotakethe whi fromhim,andI
wish you would look at the inartlss he has made on
my face.”

“All right, Jimmy. I'll help you take care of
him}? said the marshal.

When they reached the lock-up George was in
a drunken stupor, and the marshal told the jailer
what he had been guilty of.

“All right,” said the keeper. “I'll make a case
against him," and he and the marshal lifted
George out and locked him up.

Jimmy then told his_story, and the charge was
then written down against George in the station-
keeper’s book, and Jimmy drove toward the dry-
goods store_ where his _mother and sweetheart
were shopping, unconscious of what had hap-

I was ‘list
fang for distur ing

d.
:e'!lI'ehey dhad just ﬁnished their shopping when
immy rove up. .
' “Why, Jimmy,”  mother, ,‘‘how did
1; those mar on y -
yo“‘lTheey were given‘ me~bY'a:*1’t° Willi!!!»
in¢lier..You’uid , ‘h;._3°'»if¥1|l&lB
amount:  tell in allaliv-It it

 » replied

hand, which ad
.. barn

. is somethin

 

,,knowitaswellasIdo.
'- ’_.in court to-marrow against him, and I shall-be
as hard on him an I can.”

I l  away, boy?s,”. said Williams_to his two
matters

 
  
     
 
  

20 FAME

“That boy ought to be locked up in jail.”
“Well, he is in the calaboose, mother, and I'll

» have to come back to-morrow and testify against

him before the district judge.” -

“Jimmy, didn't you do anything to him 7” Sally
asked, her eyes ﬂashing ﬁre.

“Oh I guess I did enough to him, dear,” he
. “I knocked him down, tied his hands be-
hind him, and, throwing him into the wagonhere,
drove him to the lock-tip.”

“All by yourself?" she asked.

“Yes, he was too drunk to olfer any resistance."

“Jimmy,” she said, “I’m proud of you," and

‘Ibo climbed up into the wagon and took a seat

beside Jimmy with his mother sitting behind

them. When some of George's friends learned
':hat had happened, they thought the young man

been unnecessarily disgraced by being un-
ceremoniously thrown into the lock-up, charged

‘with violence and disorderly conduct.

So they went in search of Jimmy, but learned
from some citizens that J imm had just left town

.with his mother and Miss Ho mes.

Several of them tried to overtake him, but it
learns that Jimmy had driven too rapidly; and
linally his pursuers had to return without him.

A half hourcor so after he reached his home
and was putting his horse up, two of George’s

' nds, accompanied by George's father, arrived
and demanded a written retraction of the charge
against George, which the claimed would‘ open
the lock up and permit t em to bring the boy
out home.

Jimmy hapgened to have an axe handle in his

been lying on the floor of the

“Mr. Williams,” said he to George’s father,

" “look at these two marks on my face. They were

caused by George's lashing me across the face
with my own whip. Now I will see you and those
other two boys with you away of? in kingdom
come before I will do what you ask; and if you
fellows want to ﬁght about it, I am prepared to
do my best to break your heads George Williams
is a scoundrel, and I say that to you, his father.

‘He was beastly drunk, and was lashing my horse

as it stood hitched to a post out in front of
David's store.”

“Jimmy,” said Mr. Williams," George has done
wrong, and in his sober moments will apolo ‘ac;
but the disgrace of being conﬁned in.the loc -up
awful. It will break his mother's
heart; and ask you as a friend to sign a with-
drawal of the charge against him, so that I can
take ' and present it to the keeper, thus getting

it
, Geog: out and bringing him home."
“ y

dear sir, being locked up is not half as
disgraceful as being drunk on the street, and you
I am going to appear

companions,  18110 uaein making
.m'W»'ﬁthﬁw-"2... ‘ . ~ .«
I ‘ hat?‘ .4»  acrossutlleylot, fol-
i%I1.nr'.~_gne.n« ‘M. -had

  

.shal and the station-keepe

_your mother replied.to him.

       

aecom-A "37.?!’ Hm“

AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

ter so he wheeled around in front of the house
and said to her: . ' '

“Mrs. Watson, keep-your son at home to-mor-
row, or I will not be responsible for the conse-
quences."

Said Mrs. Watson:

“Mr. Williams, keep your son sober, or I will
not be responsible for what may happen to him.
He is fast becoming a drunken vagabond, and
you _know it as well as I do. My son caught him
lashing his horse in town to-day like a drunken
blfutep and _-he knocked him down, threw him into
the wagob, and delivered him to the town mar-
t.Vl . . . _
Williams’ face flushed with shame, and putting

-spurs to his horse, he dashed away, accom

by his two companions,,who were friends of his
son George. . ' '-

As soon as Williams left Sally Holmes rushed
up to the barn to see _Jimmy and to tell him what
George's father had said to Mrs. Watson.

“And, Jimmy," she added, “it would have done
your heart good had you heard how spunkily

She told him that
George was a drunken brute."

“Well, well, bless the dear soul,” he laughed.
“He will try to, stop me on my way to town to-
morrow to keep me from telling my story against
George."

“Yes, Jimmy,” said Sally, “and I'll send brother
alongwith you to see that you have fair play." .

“Oh, I guess I won't need any help, dear."

“No; but you ma need a faithful witness, and
I don‘t know but w t I will ride’ in on my pony
with you.” , V

“You stay at home, my darling," said Jimmy,
kissingher. “Your brother will be suﬁcient, for
he is game and not afraid of Old Nick himself."

CHAPTER XV.—How Jimmy Won Again.

Early the next morning Jimmy went out to
hitch the horse to the little Jersey wagon which
he had used the day before, and while he was
doing so young Holmes, Sally's brother, came up
and said: ' .

“Hello, Jimmy! Sally insists upon my going to
town with you to-day to see that you quite ﬁnish
Geor Williams." _

“ 1 right,” he laughed. “I'll be ready now in
about ﬁve minutes."

“Jimmy, have you any objection to Tom Hicks
goin with us?” 5

“ one whatever. Where is he?” »

“I haven't seen him this morning, but he was
over home last night, and sister thought that if
he were along his presence would prevent trouble,
as the three of us together would be too much
for the Williams crowd to tackle.”

“Well, I don't think we will have any need for

his services; but if he shows up he can have a :

seat in the wagon with us." , _

Just then Tom was seenapproaching, and Sal-
ly’: brother -called to him that he was Jlllt
tune, while all three of them climbed into the
n, and took

  
 

tle w_' seats. Jimmy driving 08 ._

   

 
 

nasa-

  
   
  
  
    
 

‘ ‘from early Spring to late

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Fame and Fortune Weekly

NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1928

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

HOW TO SEND l0I€EY—At our risk send P. 0.
Honey Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
{an any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage

am

the same as cash. When sending silver wrap

the oin in a l$Il’I(6 piece of paper to avoid cutting
ac envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
Dingle Copies .................. . .Posta¢o Free scents
Ono Copy Three loathe ...... .. " " W
one Copy Six loathe ........ ..t " “ SW
One Copy one Iesr ............ .. “ " £00

Osnada. 84.50; Foreign. $.00
Addrua letters to
WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO.. Inc.
140 Cedar Street. New York City.

VIII) KNIGHT. Pros. and Trans.
I. W. IAII. Vleo-Pros. and Has.

INTERESTING ARTICLES

A HIGH CLIMB BY RAIL

High standards of performance are being _set
by e State-owned railways of_ South Africa.
One of the crack trains, the Union Ex ress. on
the Cape Town-Johannesburg run, trav_ s its 900
miles in twenty-eight hours, during which it has
to climb from sea level to an altitude of nearly
6,000 feet.

INDIA’S WRAPPING PAPER .

In the rs and native shops of India, P31‘-
ticularlv in the interior. almost the only’ km‘! °f
wrapping paper used is the old newspaper. Like-
wise, the thousands of street hawkei-s selling ev-
‘ery conceivable kind of small articles, always
have old newspapers in which to _WIj&n the W3*‘°5-
The venders of seeds. nuts and similar foodstuffs
squat at every street corner and sell these DI‘0d'
ucts, also wrapped in pieces of torn newspaper-

 

 

GLACIER :-'.iu{ FLORA ~ _
‘ There are said to be 950 species of Plants "‘
_G_iaciei- National Park. including more than 200
—ferns, horsetails. 81118898» ﬁnd ‘-’°’“f°'°“5
trees. The other 750 are generally known 88
ﬂowers. Among these are the I ian pﬁmtbrllshr
’dock amarantlius. thistle and o ers not Darticu-
larlv attractive, but there are many hundreds 05
-lpecimens of gorgeous coloring that may be seen
Summer. High up on
the mountains are Alpine ﬂowers, small and deli-
in appearance, yet hardy in their endurance
trying climatic and soil conditions.
I

     
 

 

H‘ ;..s,;§’s‘I".i;;i“"cr-EA  

.-31

the round after it lights. The effect of alternate
sun inc and dew on the parachute is to make it
expand and contract. so that unless the seed has
landed on soil where it can take hold, the ribs will
drag it along day after day until a favorabld
spot is found.

INDIAN SOLDIERS

A full—blooded Indian detachment of the United‘
States Army, consisting of sixteen privates,
corporals and a sergeant, is stationed at Fort:
I-Iuachaca, Ariz. These Indians lead as far as‘
possible the life as led by their ancestors, living
in tents, cooking at campﬁres and hunting for.
some of their food instead of drawing it all fronq
the quartermaster. Among the names are Chow;
Big, Charles Bones and Sinew Riley.

AMERICANS SOON TO GET PAY ON GERo1
MAN CLAIMS

The first batch of checks will be sent out bvtho
Treasury soon to American claimants against the
German Govmnment under the Alien Property,
Law recently passed by Congress.

The checks range from 81 into the thousands;
of dollars and cover claims running from personal;
injuries to goperty seizures. Another series oi
checks will sent out within six weeks and this
process will be
settled.

CLEMENCEAU TRIES TO BUY CAR; COH-
PANY MAKES A GIFT OF IT
Georges Clemenceau, who uses an automobile
instead of the train for traveling about France ;
tried to buy a new car_ the other day and could!
not. The company insisted on giving it to him.
For several years the Tiger had traveled about-.
in a big,‘ but" old, car. He decided it was about
time to get a new model and went to the sales

1
continued until the claims aroi‘

oﬂice to see how much he would be allowed on; .

the old machine. - .
“Monsieur le President,” the sales manager
said, “France owes you too much. Let me pay
my part of the debt.” _
And he refused to accept a son from the Tiger.
Clemenceau, on returning to his apartment,
sent a check for 10,000 francs to the automobile

~- plant to be distributed among workmen whose

circumstances were the most needy.

INJUNCTION MENACES 300 PIGS, OFFI-
CIAL SCAVENGERS OF BOROUGH

Three hundred pigs. working in eight—haur
shifts to dispose of garbage collected in Wil-
merding, Pa., will be looking elsewhere for em-
if S. T. Barnes and William Hinke],
citizens of the borough, _ai_'e successful in obtain-
ing an injunction restraining the borough oillcers
from carrying out a contract with David H.
Chambers for the collection of the refuse. Barnes
and Hinkel, citizens of the boroﬂthu have asked.
the in'unction in Common Court on the
un thatthecoiitractwas notawardedtoths

owest llld(l¢l;;‘ 7 , I am‘ he

  

 
 
 
  

 

 

ti‘-ﬁlm‘!

,li\.

     
      

  

 ' 3.3
The'Old Hawk’s Money _

By D. W. Stevens

“If you wish allow me to suggest somethin, Mr.
Bates?” .
' “Su as much as you like, Dawson,” grow-
led old man Bates; “but I'll have my own. way in
thisbeigiatter. I know whlat your suggestion will
ore ou 0 ur 1 s.
beThe laslt spgifkleiyo was pNick Bates, a well-
- known policy and lottery dealer; the backer of
several fashionable gambling-houses in New
‘- York; and he also loaned large sums of money,
but always on security.
The man ad ressed as Dawson was a tall,
~ handsome fellow of thirty, who dressed in the
best style, sported costly diamonds, and drove a
- splendid air of trotters out on’ the road. .
. .“Yes, awson-——I know what your suggestion
will amount to. Hire a detective.”

“That is the usual course, Mr. Bates." re‘ _

- sponded Dawson.
“The usual course of robbing,” growled the old
' miser as he kept his hawkish eyes ﬁxed on his
safe. “Two months ago that safe was opened
-. and twenty thousand ollars t_ak¢n—-stolen! We
employed a detective then—_didn’t we? By the
way}, he was a particular friend of yours, Daw-
- son.

“Merely an acquaintance, Mr. Bates. I couldn't
claim him as a friend.”

“Well, friend or acquaintance,” snarled the old
man, “you recommended him. I -paid him a
thousand dollars to recover my money, and I
haven't seen a dollar of it yet."

. “What steps do you propose to take, then. Mr.
Bates?” inquired Dawson. “Seems to me you
take the loss of thirty thousand dollars very
coolly."
. C6 '
ago, and thirty thousand and ﬁfty cents last
night. Do you know what I think? 9” _ .
D“What do you think, Mr. Bates. inquired

awson.

“You stole that money, or Jim Harding stole
it,” said the old man in ﬁrm tones; “and I can't
say which at present, but I'll ﬁnd out. Call him

_i_n, Dawson." _ _

There was an innocent smile on Dawson’s face
as he arose from the chair and advanced to the
door of the outer oﬂlce.. Opening the door, the

‘ornament called out:
‘ "Harding—-Ji1n—Mr. Bates wants to see you a
If '

thousand dollars and ﬁfty cents,” cor-
e old man. “Twenty thousand two months

  
   
  
 

 voice, and the next moment a delicate-
fellow of twenty entered the private
0?} wﬁndt tsp ed dd Batfseo A need the old

'  ‘ _l8 s 7°‘_m3 mu‘: mm‘
‘ M .  -you. or Mr. Frank Dawson
i "9 1'.eo""qmi.on.:'yhich

     
   

   

»

“All right, Mr. Dawson,” respondeda clear

thousand   of my »
.o_f,.you_is the

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

get a trial. Oh, sir, I never touched a dollar of
your money." , ’

“I won't arrest either of you now, ' growled the
old miser, with a ﬁendish smile. ‘‘I won’t employ
a detective to watch you, either. I'll do all that
myself. Clear out, now; and remember that I'll
be on your track.” .

“But you are discharging us, sir,” said Daw-
son. “What will people say?”

“They will say that I have closed my oﬁce—
'ven up business—as I mean to do this very
ay, Dawson. No more policy, no more lottery,

no more lending for me. I’m going into a new
business; I'm going to play detective. Ha ha, ha!
Clear out, now, the pair of you, and remember
that I have given you fair warning."

“And you remember, Nick Bates,” cried Frank
Dawson, in passionate tones, as he shook his fist
in the old man’s face, “that I am your worst
enemy from this day. I know your weak points,
you old villain, and I will sting you there. You

ave a daughter, sir, haven't you?"

“What of my daughter, you scoundrel‘! You
never saw her! ’

“No, I never saw her; but I'll make it my busi-
nissi to see her and know her, before a great
w 1 e.”

The old man was about to make a dash at the
insulting fellow, when James Hardi uttering a
cry of indignation, rushed at Frank awson, and
struck him in the face with his clenched hand.

“How dare you speak of Miss Bates in that
way, you puppy!” cried the delicate-looking young
man, as he followed up the blow by another,
while the old man clapped his hands joyfully, as
he cried: -

“Give it to him, Harding; give it to him, James,
like a good fellow. Smash him; wound him; kill
the rascal!" v

Frank Dawson ‘was so much astonished at Jim
Harding's sudden attack that he received several
smart blows before he recovered from his sur-
prise. The old man’s exclamations, however,
seemed to call him to his senses, and with a cry
of rage he raised his right arm and struck Jim
Harding aterrible blow between the eyes.

“Take that, you blamed fool," cried Dawson,
as he stared down at the delicate lad, who was
now stretched on Lthe ﬂoor insensible. “And you-
you old wretch,"’ he continued, as he turned on
Nick Bates with uplifted arm, “you take hat,
and feel what I'll yet give you."

Out went the powerful arm and the clenched
fist, and down, all in a heap, fell Nick Bates.

“Murder! Police!" roared the old man, as he
struggled to his feet and ran to the outer olliee
after his assailant,
retreat down the stairs.

'“What is the matter, father?” inquired a soft;

cﬁleasant voice, as, a veiled ﬁgure stood before him

the doorway.

“Is that you, Blanclie?’Did you see that  ,— i

—-that » robber—Dawson ?'

_“‘How do I know Dawson, father?” inquired

 
  
 

the young girl, as she walked into the outer oﬁce' I I

.f‘you,must remember I never saw him. ~I sawfa

who was beating a hasty—_

   
  

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Harding, because he resented his insulting_you.”

“Killed Jim Harding?” cried the young girl. 88
her eyes fell on the prostrate ﬁgure in the other
room. “And for insultin me! Oh, father, hand
me some water. Poor fel ow! Oh what a coward
thathman must be to strike such a delicate lad
as ls‘?!

And Blanche raised the bleeding face from the
ﬂoor, while she wiped it with her handkerchief,

as she continued:
“Water——water, father. He has only fainted,
Father, do you know

and he'll soon be better.
that I love this youn man?”

“You love him, Banche!" exclaimed the old
’ “Why, he's a beggar; a nameless, un-
known outcast! You are crazy, Blanche. The
fellow is a robber, a thief! I am sure he has
stolen my money; and I have just told him so.”

“I didn't steal the money, Blanche,” faltered
the young man, as he opened his eyes and looked
up at the young girl's pitying face. “May I never
see you again—may I never touch our hand—if
I ever touched a dollar of the sto en money.”

“I believe you, James,” replied Blanche, as she
pressed the young man's hand. “Drink this
water, and rest on that lounge a while. Father,
you just tell me what has occurred?"

“I will, Blanche; I will. But you don't mean
that you care for him?”

“I do mean i father,” replied Blanche, in res-
olute tones. " e will be my husband in less than
a month. Never mind about that now, but tell
me about this new robbery. Tell me about this
man Dawson, and what he said of me.”

Still caressi Jim Harding, as she took a seat

'de him on e loun , she listened to her _fa-
ther’: story of the ro ry, and of his accusing
Prank Dawson and the deilcate young man.

“You say you will not employ a detective, fa-

ther?" inquired the_young girl, when Nick Bates -

had ﬁnished the recital. _
_‘‘They are all swindles, Blanche. They are in
Vnth the thieves. It would be only throwing away
money.” -
“Very well, father. If I recover the money, if
the thief in prison, how much,will you give
lie? Cash, mind you, and no promises?"
‘What do want with it, Blanche‘! You
have plenty your own, your mother’s fortune.”
“I want it for Jim, here. He will assist me in
 the thief, and he must have the reward.
What you say to ten thousand, if we get back
50 _ or nearly all of it?"
“I wi on one condition, Blanche."
"W_hat is it, sir?"
“Kill the thief—kill Frank Dawson, if he is the

“Leave that to The wretch has
_ and he'll suﬂer for it. Come, poor
lD‘e':'tIll I take you home. Father, you ock
once, and go home. Don't be surprised
doul<)>tseeme‘f‘o;-aweekorso.DoYou watch
man awaon, go armed. n't emp oy
I Istectg: until I  ” “I d I
sup e e icate
 u _ Edhimmdtheoﬂcqaud
the stairs to the cab that was waiting
«II! the street.
..  she a beauty. Dawson?"

me, father.

"E
.5

'11- - 'IIi“Y?'." .i

walglevu-ssteyeaon,

, animus. 
' lh * ‘  - e . ‘I . .1‘.
'.'*°---. * ''*-'*~°-~-s..~:'a.5i:‘--.*;.#'.:~.:.°-'"°-~i—:se:- ,

‘ . 's'._v....-.1. ',I..—-'.,I~ saga}-‘Q

. thousand

“From England, I believe.”

“I'll bet a cool hundred and an oyster supper
for six l’ll be acquainted with her in less than a
week, Bumett,” returned Frank Dawson, as he

29 .

kept his admiring eyes fixed on the beautiful ac- ,

tress who was ‘jbringing down the house" in the
part of Parthema, in the beautiful play of “Inga-
mar.”

A m°“‘h ,h8d Passed away since old Bates A
closed up his oﬂice, and disappeared for parts _
unknown, and Frank Dawson was now established .
in the old oﬂice, carrying on a ﬂourishing busi- .

ness in the same line.

He had heard a great deal about the beautiful .

actress, Grace Maynard, who had just made her

debut at one of the leading theatres in New ,

York. but he had never seen her until the night
we find him admiring her from a rivate box.

On that very night, he succeed in procurin
an introduction to Grace Maynard, who appea
delighted with her new acquaintance.

One night about two weeks after their first ,

meeting, Frank and the young actress were seat-
ed in the front room enjoying a glass or two of
prime California wine, when the conversation
turned on a subject that was nearest to the
lover's heart. -

“If I could show you ﬁfty-ﬁve thousand dol- '

son, as he watched the young girl with a pleasant

~ lars in a lump, all my own, Grace," said Daw- 5

smile. “and tell you that I have a business bring- '
i me at least six thousand a year, would you

ta e me-—”

“Oh, nonsense, Frank,” interrupted the young
actress, as she arose from her seat, still holding
a glass of wine in her hand, “you are simply ro-

mancing. You have not ten thousand that you _

can call your own."
At that moment the curtains at the folding
doors were- pushed aside, and a hawkish faee

‘ glared in at the man.

“Let us get down to business at once, Gr-ace,"
said Dawson. growing excited, as he gazed
the glowin face before him. “There's ﬁfty-ﬁve
ollars in that package, and they are
yours, if you will be my wife.” .

“Fifty-ﬁve thousand dollars!” cried Grace, as
she reached forth her hand to take the roll. “I
guess they are mine, anyway, Mr. Frank Daw.
son.

“What do you mean. Grace?”

‘‘I mean, sir, that this money is mine-—my
father's."

“Your father? Grace Maynard!"

"Blanche Bates, if you please, Mr. Frank Daw.
son," cried the beauty. with a merry Ian-rh. “I
am the young lady you were to marry. My com-
pliments to the lady-killer.”

“Treacherous ﬁend!” yelled the baﬂled man,
as he drew a revolver and aimed it at the bean-
tiful head. “I'll have that money or your life.’

A scornful laugh burst out from behind the
curtains at the moment, and then the sharp re-
port from a pistol followed.

“Great heaven, I'm shot!” gasped the _dandy.

“And I have recovered my money!" cried the

into the room, followed
“Every one at those bills is

marhed,FraakDewsun.,_‘l_‘he_re’eysur

‘
' C

'\

 ho-.

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

BRJEF BUT POINTED

 

FYEN THE MILK BOTTLES WAYWARD IN
. . CHICAGO .

, .Milk dealers of Chicago have subscribed $500,-
}D00 for a bottle bound. The plant is to be used
ins a tem rary home for 200,000 unchaperoned
milk bo es kst and wandering in the by-ways
every day. The pound will be a block long on
‘Blue Island Avenue. There will be special milk
bottle catchers to round up the delinquents.
< They will be laundered and sent back to work,
[carrying mil_k again instead of loaﬁng about town
like their ‘disreputable cousins, gin and whisky
ttles. Sixty-eight million bottles were handled
V milk dealers last year.

l

‘TAKES OFF HIS SHOE IN COURT TO PAY
, ' FINE IN LIQUOR CASE

John Corravo, 43 years old, of 88 De Graw
istreet, excused himself for a moment recently
‘when he wasﬁned ‘$10 by Federal Judge Camp-
bell on a charge of violation of the Volstead act.
$1} sat down_on a nearby chair, removed one of

, withdrew from its depths a sizable

lof banknotes and handed one bill to the clerk.

f.'I‘hen he put the roll back, laced the shoe and
‘walked out with springy step.

The charge was an old one, made in May,
.1925, but owin to the congested calendar was
called only a ew days ago. It charged pos-
session of liquor.

I

I ' W-"

' ~“ADMIRAL MURPHY “OILS UP” FOR
. pnosrncr LAKE SEASON

Patrolman “Paddy” Murphy, “Admiral” of the
Prospect Park lake ﬂeet of rowboats and guar-
dian of hundreds of Brooklyn boys and girls, who
ﬁnd paddling around the big lake, especially in
the moonlight, :1 ‘thing of beauty and joy for-

” is busy oiling up his motorboat prepara-
_ busy season. .

Although. Patrolmon Murphy is a strict dis-
ciplinarian, he is a favorite with the children,
as also is “Charlie Walsh," his able assistant.
Several pescues are credited to these two oﬂicers.

With the vnather becoming more pleasant, the
policeman act in the role of traﬂic directors, for
all the rowboats, must pass the bridge near the‘
rarthouse which connects the large and the smal-

lﬂkﬂﬁ. \ ..

  
 
   
  

 

REPORTS THAT BLOND BABY GI S ARE

V FAVORITES FOR ADOPTIO

    
       
  
  
  

  
    
 
  

.-The favorite brand in infants is a blond baby
' according tolﬁss Helen.B_axter. who is in

 

’aAi 80-

clitlgaofaduptioatterthe

nual report of the society. “For some reason we
have many more requests for children for adop-
tion on Monday. than on any other day. We can
account for this only by the assumption that
people have more time on Sunday to discuss and
deliberate on the future of their family life.
The number of requests reaches its peak in‘
December. The approach of the Christmas sea-
son always brings a ﬂood of applications from

those who want a child in their home during the
holidays."

TO ADMIT 80 U. S. FILMS

Although Americans will not have to buy
French ﬁlms before they can sell American ﬁlms
here, as was originally planned, the number of
movies that can be imported this year will be
restricted to ei_gh_ty feature ﬁlms, the French Film
Control Commission has decided.

Will Hays, who came here to ﬁght the proposed
system whereby foreign ﬁlms would be admitted ‘
in proportion to French ﬁlms sold abroad. said
r_ecentlv the altered regulations were a good sign,
since the Americans are not compelled to buy
French pictures.

The commission’s new plan is a temporary
measure to be in effect while the situation of the
French ﬁlm industry is more thoroughly dis-
cussed. The quota system was abandoned at the
urgent request of French theatre owners, who
pointed out that French producers could not sup-
ply the demand. _ .

A further concession is expected after Hays
has an interview with Minister of Fine/Arts Her-
riot, who must approve the commission's decision.

LEISURE AND CAR FARE G0 FAR IN
NEW YORK

New York, demandin no greater outlay than
car fare, aﬁords the wi est variety of entertain-
ment for its citizens whose incomes are such that
any expenditures must be carefull regulated.
Recently a man whose income is sm , and whose
health does not permit him to do extra work,
complained to a friend that time hung very hea
on his hands and that matmees, concerts an
similar entertainments ‘were out of his reach.
From the Sunday newspapers the f_riend_niade up
for him a list of things to do during his ICISIIIO;
hours for a week to eome—with no more than,
car fare needed. ‘

At the end of the week the man reported that
he had attended two lectures, a stereopticou tra-
velog and a band concert; that he had visited the «
Juniel Mansion and bee

in taken over an was 1.
liner on a tour of inlsfection; that he had 3
to the Met litan useum and the ;
Museum of atural History; and he had seen 

and two ‘ services wiﬁ‘ 1.

   

’  churches." He hadwnadntlime to visit  *

thelootheﬂotanieal

 .dhdunlem
will

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 31
CURRENT NEWS

BACK “PARENTS’ DAY”

‘Mothers’ Day will become Parents’ Day, to
show no discrimination against fathers, if the
lan of the New York State Board of American

at Mothers’ Association is carried through. The _

National Board of the association is expected to
petition Congress to pass a law giving the day to
fathers as well as to mothers. The New York
State Executive Board adopted the plan recently.
.Mrs. Charles Haas. President of the State or-
ganization, said war mothers had felt. for a lon
time, that fathers had not been given a fair dea
or had their importance to the home recognized.

SMALLPOX KILLS 650

Despatches to El Universal from Guadalajara
say an alarming epidemic of small-pox, which has
caused 650 deaths within a few days in two vil-
lages, is raging in the Los Altos region of the
State of Jalisco.

The despatches say that in the town of Arana-
das 450 have died from small-pox. and there are
200 dead in the Village of Jesus Maria. There is
much sickness also in Los Altos. Atotonilco. Te-
patittal and other towns.

TEXAS TOWNS’ CELEBRATE WHEN
NATURAL GAS ARRIVES

Scenes of half a century ago. across the coun-
try, are re-enacted in the Southwest as natural
gas is brought to hundreds oftowns. _

The completion of the pipe line is an occasion
for a celebration. A great ﬂare from the gas
main is lighted. The Mayor and the Chamber of
Commerce President make speeches, the town
band plays “Dixie” and the Boy Scouts stand at
attention. A barbecue winds up the city's party.

More than 300 towns in Texas, Oklahoma, _Kan-
sas. Colorado and New Mexicohave been linked
to the g: ﬁelds in the last year. Many _of these
places been getting coal from great distances.

 

-‘BLAH!-IS “H'YS‘PE-RIICAL WOMEN" I-‘OR
CAUSING 'PRlNCE'S UPSETS
‘Hysterical woman who crowd around the jumps

t meet’ _ 'n England in which the Prince__
‘ "°° mg‘ ' blamed by The Sunday Ex-

of Wales rides are
press for many of his recent falls. _

;’l'he newspaper, under the caption, "Fair Play
for the Prince,” prints this morning the state-
ment that these women crowd the Prince and his
horse with shrill cries of welcome when they are
alum go tag the jump with the result that the
mount is frightened _and its rider often thrown.

Athntion is called in thestory to a ree_entmeet-
ing at which, it is said, Wales wa" riding Lady
Donn. Crowds of enthusiastic women croW_ded
around them as they left the pad it, so tem_fy-

thenarethatthsh-ineahad utmoctdilI-
ill managing her. Similar demonstrations
at jumps caused her to refuse them.

The paper states that hunting circles have de
deinonatrationscease. precau-

see that the Prince has a

CHARLEMAGNE TOWER’S END

The collapse on March 23 of the structure at
Tours which has long ﬁgured in French “guide
books as the Charlemagne Tower remov the
last vestage of the famous medieval basilica of
St. Martin. The tower stood at the end of the
Rue des Halles, where, at the beginning of the
Rue Descartes, since the demolition of old St.
Martin. had been erected a new basilica in R0-
mano—Byzantine style, daigned by Laloux.

The fallen tower was 150 feet high. Its fall is
declared by the local press to have been like the
discharge of thousands of machine guns, rapidly
assuming the roar of a barrage and then gradu-3
ally subsiding. There were no fatalities, the
houses in the vicinity having been evacuated. Sev-
eral streets were ﬁlled with the wreckage.

The structure. according to tradition, contained
the sepulchre of Hildegarde, third wife of Charle-
magne. This will be known for crtain when the
debris has been cleared away. The basilica, which
with its tower had endured for nearly 1,000 years‘
was danolished in 1797-99, when the Rue Dea-
cartes was prolonged. The tower was then pro-'
nounced unsafe, _but the engineers of the town
could _never obtain a sufficient appropriation to
have it pulled down.

SEA ELEPHANT ON HUNGER STRIKE

As if there wasn't enough gloom in the circus
recently over the failure of Heloise. Abelard, In-«
go_mar, Cymbeline and Shannon—the ﬁve oa-
triches-—to lay an Easter egg. thus shattering an
annual egg-laying custom of years. Goliath had
? go on a herring strike in Madison Square Gar-

en.

The mammoth marine mastodon. otherwise a
sea elephant, has been daintily disposing daily ofv
some 400 pounds of herring (at 10 cents I4
pound.) Easter or no Easter. Goliath with some ;
conscious effort recently made up his mind he was
tired of herring—let alone 400 pounds of it at
10 cents a pound.) So his keepers tried whiting
(at 10% cents a nound,) It was no use, Goliath
sulked in his tank.

One bright keener suggested sardines, but
another keeper. still hrichter, pointed out that
Goliath might not be able to open the cans. Be-
sides, the second keeoer. added. with the millions '
of sardines necessary to appease Goliath's hunger, _
it would be lunch time before he ﬁnished his ~
breakfast. '

Goliath will be tempted with whiting again. If
he still turns un what passes among sea elephants I
as a nose his keepers will make forays up and
down the ﬁnnv scale. hoping eveatuallv to hit
upon a piacatorial tidbit.

Dexter Fellows, who is hired to sup ress in-"

formation about the circus. denied in 'onantly
that any of the camels. with singular or plural
humps, was suﬂering from halitosia. Ir. Pel-
loweaaaidhe thought the ruinorhadbeen spread
by a jealous niuskua.

'..,_ E 3 .

 wl'er
'_ "."'!‘¥"'.".""‘.

' ‘.i_¥_r...  1  ':_
f  ;..  ‘ ‘A

   

Fame and Fonune Weekly

— Latest Issues —

1129 Caught By Cannibals; or The Treasure of
the Land of Fire.

1130 The Little Operator: or, Cornering the
“Bears” of Wall Street.

1131 Air Line Ed; or Building a Telegraph Line.

1132 A Boy of the Curb; or, The Secret of I
Treasury Note. '

1133 From Foundry Boy to Steel King; or, The
Rise of a Young Bridge Builder.

' 1134 The Missing Box of Bullion: or, The Boy

Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery.

1185 Claim No. 7: or, A Fortune from a Gold
Mine.

1136 Out for Big Money; or, Touching Up the
Wall Street Traders.

1187 The Boy Ice King; or, Coining Money From
the River.

use Four of . Kind; or, The Combination um
Made Wall Street Hum.

1139 Bob Brandon. Contractor; or The Treasure
That Led To Fame.

1140 A Boy From the South; 01', Cleaning Out a
Wall Street Crowd.

1141 Ha]. the Hustler; or, The Feat That Made
Mim Famous.

1142 A Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner that
Couldn't Be Worked. »

1143 Dollars From Dust;_ or. The Boy: Who
Worked a Silver Mine.

1144 Billy Black. the Broker's Son; or, The
Worst Boy in Wall Street.

1145 Adrift In the Sea; or, The Treasure of
Lone Ref.

1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The Boy
Who Puzzled the Brokers.

1147 Wireless Will; or, The Success of a Young

Telegraph Operator.

1148 Wall Street Jones; or_ Trimming the Tricky
Traders.

1149 Fred the Faker; or, The Success of a Young
Street rchant.

Me
1150 The Lad From ‘Frisco: or. Pushing the
“Big Bonanza."

1151 The Lure of Gold; or, The Treasure of
Comn Rock. '

1152 Money Maker Mack; or, The Boy Who

Smashed a Wall Street “Ri-ng."

iyalleaewdeeleremrvillieeutteany
damp. _ »

 

1153 Missing For a Year; or, Making a Fortune
in Diamonds.

1154 Phil, the Plunger, or; A Nervy Boy's Game
of Chance.

1155 Samson, the Boy Blacksmith; or, From the
Anvil to Fortune.

1156 Bob's Big Risk; or, The Chance That Came
But'Once.

1157 Stranded in the Gold Fields; or. The Treas-
ure of Van Dieman's Land.

1158 “Old Mystery," the Broker; or, Playing a
Daring Game.

1159 Capital, One Dime; or, Boring His Way to
Fortune.

1160 Up Against a Hot Game; or T Coll
Chums in Wall Street. ’ '0 ex.

1161 A Big Contract; or, The Poor Boy Who Won.

1162 Benson’s New Boy; or, Whooping up the
Wall Street Market.

1163 Driven to Work; or, A Fortune From a
Shoestring.

1164 The way to Make Money; or, Taking
Chances in Wall Street.

1165 Makin His Fortune; or. The Deal of a
Pluc Boy.

1166 The Stock Exchange Boys; or, The Young
Speculators of‘Wall Street.

1167 Seven Bags of Gold; or, How a Plucky Boy
Got Rich.

1168 Dick, The Wall Street
boy to Stockbroker.

1169 Adrift on the Orinoco; or, The Treasure of
the Desert.

1170 Silent Sam of Wall Street; or, A Wonderful
Run of Luck.

1171 Always on the Move; or. The Luck of Mes-
senger 99.
1172 ‘Happy-Go-Lucky Jack; or, The Boy Who
Fooled the Wall Street Brokers.
1173 Leagixiing a Trade; or. On the Road to For-
e. .

'aif ; or, From News-

1174 Buyiniion Margin; or, The Boy Who Won
the oney.

1175 Joe Darcy’s Treasure Hunt; or, The Sectﬁ

of the Island Cave.
1176 A “Live” Boy; or, Quick to Get the Dollarl.

1177 “A Barrel of Coin; or, The Luck of 8 Boy
Trader.”

1178 “Driven to the Wall; or, The Nerve of I
Wall Street Boy.”

eddreiIeareeeipte¢|riee.8emtepueepy.’

    