No_ 1113 NEW YORK, JANUARY 28. 1927 Price 8 Cents

    
   

‘MK:

—:l/[1-

0 MONEY.

Lwmaﬂas MEN‘f§

    

$-

‘«  2
*~ ’ /4%» y - s <“
E / \é,}\_ _  . . \ K
Bound helplessly to the tree. Fred could feel the jar made by each stroke of the axe. “You'll
soon be  down toward the rapids.“ laughéd Silas McBee. sardonicauy.
as the tree began to tilt over toward the river

‘min

 
    

    

‘ Issued Weekl --Subserl tiou prlc $4.50 per year.
‘ Publishers. 168p West 23:‘ Street. New

1911. at the Post-Uﬂlce at New York.

Y. Entered as
N. Y .

York. N.

»

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY;

C8115 da. $4.50: Forei II. 35-00. Westbury Publishing‘. Co., lug,

nnd-Class Matter. October
under the Act of hlai-ch 3. 1879.

No. 1113 NEW

“g

YORK, JANUARY 28,

1927 Price 8 Cents.

\

A Young Lumber’ King -

on, -THE. BOY WHO WORKEDVHIS WAY up

‘By A SELF-MADE MAN

‘ GHAPTER'I—Adrift in the Wilds.

a “Now, Fred,” said Lawyei; Singleton, as he

. and his ward were seated in'the library of his

home at Portland, Maine, one evening after

dinner, “what are your plans for the future?”
I “My plans!” ejaculated the bright-looking boy
sitting opposite him.

“Yes. You are now fpracticall a young lumber
king. The property le 1: by your ate grandfather,
which I am holding in trust for you till you reach
your majority, com rises several thousand acres
of the best timber and in the northern part of
this State. It is now being worked by a corpora-
tidn, called, as you know, the Northwestern
Lumber Co. Your ~ grandfather was president
and owned nearly all of the stock, which reverts
 'to"you according to the provisions of his will. I
;-_ own only enough of the stock to qualify me as a
 director, and as acting president I am in a posi-

.tion to look amt your interests until you are

.A\

 d enough‘ to take charge of things yourself..

, ow, what are your plans? Do you wish to go
, .to'college and at twenty-one step into the presi-
, dency’ and possession of your large property,
4- with &ﬂne education but no practical knowledge
of the lumber business, compelled .to rely on
others to help you run the business; or have you
 nerve and pluck to start out now and learn
, ' r own business from the ground ﬂoor up?”
3" "‘ _ f‘F think I would prefer to start out and learn

 

    
    

  

' faction. “I‘am not disappointed in ou, I see.
You are made -of the right stuff. A low me to
suggest how you ought to proceed. Severa_l_of
 my friends are goin on a hunting expedition

 

to‘ Lake Chesuncook, e southern shores of which

V into our propert . They leave next week
5, the aine Centra Railroad for Foxcroft,
 they will change to the Bangor & Amo-
latook line or Moosehead on Lake Moosehead.
_ that point they have arranged to proceed

gun‘ a sailboat to Northeast Carry, a village
Hiuated at the northern extremity of the lake,
‘thence through a short waterway to the Penobscot
Eur, and then by that stream northward to the
 era Point of Lake Cliesunoook, which is
=- destination. You should make pre arations

» , with them. Take al an ol suit of
Wonurivingatthe «lwillarrange

 

4

 

, :;.'."';‘l£ IYIISIIICSS.” _ I _
5' 1 Good,” replied the lawyer in a tone of satis—‘

. -“The nearest

 

that you are to be taken down the lake and put
ashore at the mouth of the continuation of the
Penobscot. There you will be left to your own
resources within ﬁve miles of the logging camp
of the Northwestern Lumber Co. Proceed along
the river to the camp and apply for work as a
complete stranger. The superintendent of the
camp is Silas McBee. Start right in and make
yourself familiar with the business of logging.
No one will know that you are the real owner
of the vast property, even if you give your real
name, which I would advise you to do. How long
you need stay there I leave entirely to yourself.
In fact, from the moment I bid you good-by at
the de ot here I leave your future movements to
be gui ed entirely by circumstances and your own

. judgment.”

“Very well, sir, I will follow‘ the plan as you
have outlined it,” replied Fred. “And now I
will leave you, as I have an engagement for the
evening which I must keep.”

Thus speaking, _the young lumber king left
the presence of his guardian, fully resolved to
go out in the wilds of the lumber region and
work his own way up.

“What's that? You_ want a job?” snorted
Silas McBee, the superintendent of the logging
ramp of the Northwestern Lumber 00., glaring
at a plainly-attired boy who had approached him
and asked for work. -

“Yes, sir,” replied the lad cheerfully.

“What in thunder can you do?” demanded Mc-

Bee, sizing the boy up in a scornful way.

“I can make myself useful.” V

“Oh, you can?” replied the man with a palpable
sneer. “Ever work in a loggin’ camp?”

“No, sir.”

“I thought you hadn't. You don’t look as if
you were used to hard work.”

“I’m willing to do anything,” said the boy
earnestly. ~

f‘You couldn’t do much around‘ here—not to
suit me, so you’d better go on your way.”

“Where will I go?”

“You can go to Old Nick if you want "
replic:ii1.McBe_§twith a guﬁaw, as if he had if
some ing wi y.

“How far is the nearest town?"

“One hundred miles, more 0:1.-.lesa.”

  
  

     
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
       
    
 
      
        
      

   

. A YOUNG LUMBER KING ‘ -»

‘T -' “Thirty miles down the river.” hired me to act s o h l . H ‘d

‘Z be .,b°? lQ0ked around 1111031 the ‘wild 9«!‘d were short handedzf”. y “I e per e Sal you '
romantic landscape, with its river hard by, its “McBee hired you to help me. eh?” said the cook

hills covered with thick forests of pine, maple, oak in some surprise, - . 4;.‘

J-and other varieties, and its mountains in the “Yes, I guess that's; his némegi _ _ .
back OWIC}. across which the setting Sun cast _“He is the boss of the camp. His name is 
. hroa bands of light and shadow._ _ Silas McBee, and if you intend to stay here you “
— “YOU W0l11dIl’t Send me adrift 111 this place» want to mind your P’s and Q’s when he’s around.
.   €32; lost at once and‘ starve to death,” lHte’sh_a tlfrror Iand.(;riothm‘i:stak(<laal:1ui'£hyou !'f1l(llStll't
. i . , e im now sai a,ae ecoo ina.
*7 ~' The fact was obvious and the superintentent subdued tone. _
._ ; ‘stared at tin; lad.  W k d gvhyhshouid I?b Yougre to vhﬁurany boss, not he;
, “Wh d‘ come 0111.’ as as e . ii es your oss oo. ts your ame.
, . “Laki:rech2sxi'r?31ook." I. _ yreql told him. ' . , ' n ,
glow dig! you 21?,‘ here?» f h h t h I] lti’léefy_oui‘-1 fgce and manner, and I hope we
came own t e river on a ra t. w ic wen s a men s.
 qalioutda trﬁiile above pltace.”  ‘v;r1on’t_lbe my fault if we are not,” replied
one. ,sai e superin n en . . « 0 993'! S'- ' '
‘I “Yes, alone," ' “That's hearty now. I know I shall like you. "
“Vxhat brought you into this Wilderness. any" §ee1th°ﬁ V0111’ cgat and I'll Shfvg 3311 what to do.
:way_ . y e way, w ere are your u s.  ‘-
' “I_came as far as Lake Chesuncook with a ::Ha\;en’t any-" - ._. . _
hunting party. - W h ,Aint fY01I1tﬁ(?t a gal!) tiiulr sooréiething with ,9’ ,_ 
,.u - 9 ' ' 2”,
f“W:vl:’n? ?1x‘.0dll:(Il!;tWy()(())‘(1IsstW§1}l:hw(l)t:1e tdifergie men §s1a<‘¢Ie)dzeSc(:ittcii(i a1s¥:§hi:l?me:t.er ds and ends.’ -'<‘"”
I .

separated from him, and couldn’t ﬁnd my way “No. You see the whole of me as I stand.” , . .-
gk. I discovered a raft, with blankets and “Why. h0W’S that?” »
food, and set myself adrift. honing to reach a rod told an imairinary story of hard luck, ex‘:
settlement on the river. After the raft went to planning how he had got separated from the hunt-
pieces I climbed a hill to look around and I saw 111% Daffy at Lake_ Chesunc0ok._ ‘
this eamp in the distance, so I came here.” You ve had quite a hard time of it. sonny.”

;u h! I v 1’11h t ' ome- said Scott. V —
1-,hjn§ut:;m¢)jo, W]s13I,)1:3:eyou; ::;$ie‘?.”gwe you S “Yes. When the raft went to pieces and I

qpred Drew}. landed on the bank of the river hunirrv and just ‘ Si

- ‘ V as I stand, in the midst of the w'lderness
 ?;?:.“°.3.:i*.;::it5.“.“;%':;. thaw“. my “me W W .°°'"°-” ‘ ’   .
:os.*i“'* ‘°“uf“€“.1,“’ wise   set-" ~ . .3'.::.'.i.i;‘":<;.:~   asked the °°°k~ in-
’ eave a you. -.‘_ ‘ I _ . , "c e_. _ _.
. é:soI Sttiott is, the cgoéiéi 111115 f,a.b1r}l!_!:dy0l‘ldetl;; n:f¥:geir.3'éd',yeplied Fred. ‘.‘Don’t mention it.
’ over ere now an im ve ir on - . V
V ‘ him (or. the» present. If I ﬁnd you aylikely “Sit right down at that table. sonny, before’
- '1, may pmmqte you to om of the gangs, you do a bit of work. I'll see that you get some»
7533; any V thing to make you feel better. _I ve been hungry

«Thank E: si1.‘»_mn1ied Fred, walking away. lsl"l:§':(‘-‘.,lfd8f=°d1(fiIep1'te}:'lt_t1meS1 in mxlgifte-—tonce I need:-ly

, v *  ‘looked after mm‘ ' 1 knowehow itefeelsfg 8 mg a a Sea—“' ‘I .

, “Hes too blamed izentleinanly to,_amount to . . E
»:iiia'i:h.’_' he muttered. 4‘}Ie_might be useful ,a!'0und ﬁe ilziitda plate of gggad. and butter. and \
3;;m:::;,,ih:,;*§I;,,g;,*;2:v.*;:$°g;s,§:;§,:,_"§“;;,‘5 i‘.‘;..i.ii‘i‘“;... J‘-’.‘%i.“:‘.‘...o .:°.§.?.f.i.'i‘l'w“..’{2..‘“°“ “‘  
{";tepd%y”shal;e him at the first chance.‘ In that . f‘I h_afen’t made the coffee {or siipiigr yet." A
- hegmihis ehavi mwi-t be able to ﬁll his shoes.” said. iii. an apologetic tone. so you _I h‘ave1to
«The mpegintendent vgalkgd oﬂ toward his of. wait ‘till later on for that. Just sail in and out

  

  

  

  
     
   
     

  

  

     
    
 
   
 
  
  
  
   

     

         
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 

gm; quarters at one end» of the saw-mill,—which your ﬁll and then you can start in and help m_e.”._‘.£
’ that hour was in full operation. I ,I*jred needed no urging. and the ‘(BY he mad’
"Fred Drew made his appearance at the door of the viravender disappear was a cautzon. , He aha .

the e‘ook~house and looked in. as though he never exnected to )iave_anoth"Gg

,,middle-aged man in apron and shirt sleeves. meal. and S01 Scott watchedhim-app '_
WW5/8' fllnnv bald head, W85 husy 3l7"l'»h8 538 Fred occasionally glanced at the cook out'o£~,tho
 on which were a collection of voto that corner of his eyes. He was a queer old duty"
'9‘ 018 Phasing 0d0!'- The -‘m"“ made the but the boy felt that he was all right, and

moﬁfh Water. "for he W35 3WfU1,1Y huhﬁfya was sure that he would get on with him. for
1-: had nothiI|£"t° eat 5""-'9 "‘°m“‘8- liked. him already. When Fred had cleaned up
you Mr.‘ Scott?" asked Fred. , the plates Scott asked him if; he wanted any
. cook swung aroundaand stared at the boy. more. . _ _ ,. -o »
 !wa§n’t in the habit of» being addressed as No, that will last me for a while. I feel ii?‘ _,

L"? ..a-_ 55°“, puma So] being what he was called a new boy already. I'm very‘ much obliged .

. '1 th " tend t d . H gyau. Mr. Scott.” . ,,
rgngbwy mm eﬂupum an Own 8 “Hold hard, sonn , don't mister me. 

the  an ‘d: wondered how he can mgeioshin.’ V ’

   
  
   
   
  
    
   
     
     
 
     
 
 

  
  
   
  

   
   

cam is S01, and you in n’t
ttf, ~ * i I L , "All ‘right. iind you call me F
« ~ ; .. U _ ,   “O1.  3! ,WgQ\}1dIl’§''_¢8n ma,  -M

  
 
  

  
   

   

  

 A YOUNG LUMBER KING 3

You won’t need’to set the table in the long room
where the men eat till the things_a1-e washed up
after supper, then you can_ set it Iso’s to have
it ready for mornin’. Now, Just put some of that
wood in the corner into the stove, and stir the

9'3’
'.‘. _ plots in succession till I tell you to do somethin’
se.”

Fred _ _
tickled to death with him. _
“We’re goin’ to get on first-class together. I

busy and did so well that the cock was

hope. the boss’ll let you stay with me. I need
ahelper bad, and I rather cotton to you. There s
somethin’ about you I like, and when Iitake to

' a chap he’s all right.”

,' The cook found his duties much lightened, and
the cheerful way that Fred conversed made time
pass in a highly satisfactory way  the old man.
At length the whistle of the sawmill sounded and
the men knocked off work. They came in singly
and in pairs to a trough on the outside of the
cook-house, where there were soap, towels and
water to wash up, and then ﬁled into the long

,- dining—room, which was merely a rough, unﬁn-

. * ished shed, protected from the weather by layers

1]," ‘ of tarred canvas nailed over the cracks between
the boards, the roof having the added advantage
of a whole piece of tarred cloth, through which
neither snow nor.rain could penetrate. _ It was
part of Fred's duties to help the cook wait _on the
men, and when he made his appearance ‘with tin
cups of smoking coﬁee and plates of soup he was

" stared at by the gathering crowd with no little

‘ curiosity. ‘ '

-They wondered where he camr=._ from, but were

, too hungry to waste any time asking for informa-

~‘ -‘-. tion they would no doubt learn later on. They

’. noticed, however, that the boy was spry, and

didn’t seem to have a lazy bone in his body. They

rather liked his cheerful face, and were of the
opinion that he was an acquisition _to the camp,

5.,’ no matter what combination of circumstances

..-. brought him there.

: ‘The ordinary hands ﬁnished their meal and left
the room to hang around outside in ‘groups to
talk in the gathering twilight. Then Silas McBee

 and took his lace at the head of the
ta which was reserve for him, and Fred wait-

  

 

CHAPTER II.-——Breakers Ahead.

  
     
  
   
   
    
  
     
  
   
 

 
 

' ed on him. He did not appear to take. any notice
 of the new boy, but nevertheless nothing the lad
‘ did escaped him. The engineer came in and sat

" close to the superintendent, with whom he entered
E“ into conversation. Later on the ﬁreman slouched

in and toolvhis place at the foot of the table.
;. “Hello, where did yer spring from?” he asked
.Fred, when the boy brought his late of soup. _

 ‘v..T\1lIev had a wicked eve, a sul en look, ano his
’_ generally unsatisfactory. The
* A young lumber king oecided that he was not a

person to be trusted. '

‘-‘ “I came from the river,” answered the boy.
~“WIiat-yer doin’ up here on the river?” ,

 I came here because I couldn’t help

  
 
 

     
 

   
 

T °s'°.."°-......."*°

. -a ‘

couldn't yer?” rsisted fruiiey. _ v
‘Because iii‘. 1.-‘aft u y goea\witl_i the tide‘ and.

._ loud end

   
  

north?“ ho
tokecathereot‘ ‘mil: to bet

“I don't like him,” mutt
Fred with a buleful look. V e’s eddicated, and I
hate eddicated chaps. They ain’t no good.” ,

Tulle v evidently had his own particular stand-
ard by which he judged those persons with whom
he was brought into contact. Any one who moved
on a liighcr plane than himself incurred his en-
mity sooner or later. He hated men who were

,d Tulley, following

-decent and guﬂd because his nature had nothing

in common with such peole. There were some
pretty tough fellows in the camp, though none
quite as bad as himself. and he found mates
among them. He was more or less drunk about
half the time. but where he got the liquor was
a mystery to Silas McBee and the engineer. There -
was a supply of spirits in camp, but the superin-

tendent kept the key to the storeroom and gave

the stuff out when he saw ﬁt to do so. He hadn't
noticed that the supply had diminished on the
quiet, so he was puzzled to account for the way
in which the ﬁreman go: his booze. He had
tl_ireatr-ned -several times to send Tulley down the
river with a consignment of logs, but did not make
good for some reason.

Tulley did not seem greatly afraid of being
ﬁred, though he managed to keep sober for a
while after every run-in he had with the super-
intendent. He made no further remarks to Fred
when the boy brought him the rest of his supper,
much to the lad’s relief. 9 .

“Who is that chap at the end of the table?”
Fred asked the cook.

“Tha,t’s Tulley. the ﬁreman. He's a bad egg."

“Hezlooks it. He isn't a man I'd care to meet
alone in the woods ona»-dark night, especially if
he owed me a. 2,

“You Want to r . f or him. He's dan r-
ous. Don’t offend you can help‘ it, for e’s
likely to get back at you ‘in some underhand way,”
said Scott. “I heard he killed aman in a saloon
row before he came here. It's a wonder McBe'e
stands for him, for he drinks like a ﬁsh, and the
mystery is where he gets the stuff.”

“Oh. I’m not afraid of him,” replied Fred, in-
dependently. “At the same time, I’m not looking.
for trouble, so I'll try to rub his fur the right
way.” ~

“That's, right, sonny. Go slow with Dave Tul-
ley. Hes a bn_d‘man._ And,” here his voice
dropped to a whisper while his eyes roved to the
door communicating with the dining-room, “look
out for Silas McBee. He isn't to be trusted any ’
more than Tulley, though he is the big smoke in
this camp.”

“I,’ll keep your warning in mind, Sol. and mind
my P s and Q's with the bass," said Fred. “I'm
not anxious to have a run-in with him, for he
could throw out into the wilderness and then I'd

up against it for fair.” _

At that moment a thumping was heard in the
next room. -

“'I‘hat’s McBee. See what he wants,” said the
cook hastily. .

Fred rushed into the eating room. -
"Another cup of coﬁee,” said the super-inten
ent. sharply. - »
The boy brought it in a jilfy. ’ ~,
“Dohhs,”saidlIcBeetothee1igineerina,tone.;~,
toreachTulle_y’s ear-s,“thisia‘anow;* 1”‘
ewintqcam thisaftei-noon. I've
psolont, ti!»_r£rma'ir ‘ 
 n  t 

\

    
 
   

      

     
   
 
 

who

  

    
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
  
 
 
    
 
   
   
    
 
  
    

 

in his place some ﬁne day, and then he’ll have to
hunt a job somewhere else.”

1Tulley heard the remark, which was evidently
intended for his ears; but instead of scowling at
’ the superintendent he glowered at the young lum-
ber king in a way that boded no good for the lad.
ugried caught his malevolent stare and felt de-

' ly uncomfortable under it. He felt that
trouble would certainly ensue if McBee ever put
him in Tulley’s place, and he sincerely hoped the
occasion would never arise. The b
I from the room as soon as he could and told the
cook about the incident. Sol Scott shook his head
in a solemn way.

 . “There is no tellin' what McBee might do," he

said. "His remark was doubtless meant for Tul-
ley’s ears, as a menace to him, and I fear the ﬁre-
man will see in you an enemy whom he will wish
to get rid of for his own interests Beware lest he
strike at you in the dark, for it isn’t his nature
to do anything fair and above board.”

The three men soon afterward left the eating
room and then the cook and Fred had their own
mpper. Notwithstandin his former feed, Fred
ate heartily, particularfy relishing the coffee,
‘which Scott knew how to prepare to perfection.

"The milk used was canned condensed cream of a
’ time quality, ‘and improved its ﬂavor if any-
 ing. After the meal Fred helped wash the

. stack of dishes that had accumulated. Then

, while the cook sat at the door, smoking his eve-
ning pipe, which was a great solace to him, he
tidied up the kitchen and wound up with setting
‘the long table in the eating room for the men's
. breakfast. His duties over for the day, he joined

Scott at the door and watched the full moon rise
above the distant mountains. _

“So you're an orphan. sonny?" said the cook.
,"Yes. My in er ' * ,_y a few months
go,” replied theyoung , kins. sadly. for
this was a _fact.« “‘ f‘

‘ ‘_‘1’Vo:)’;e got ‘relatives, I s’po’se, you thought of
;"I’ve got relatives in Portland, but I have no

, idea of, going near them'at present. I intend to
make myway up in the world first."
“ “I'll do what ‘I can for you, sonny.”

*’ : , “Thank you, Sol. I know you mean that. We've

known one another a few hours, but it seems
we'd been friends for years.”

M‘-

has
' “Right you are, sonny.
. shine to any one for years as I have to you, and
-I p’_liaps you won't regret havin’ known me.”

« “ having known you, Sol? I should hope
ou're not like Dave Tulle or-—Mr. McBee.
re the real goods and a yar a _ ."
, who was reﬁlling his pipe, looked

 me a live coal from the stove.” he said.
duldn’t a match suit you better?”

Icanavoid i_t." . 5 _

H brought him a red coal and his pipe was
pleasantly» in workin order. 4 _ '
on sonny,’ e went on, “since you re
here without clothes other than what

   

  

 

lni ht, isn't it?” I

0y escaped '

I ain't taken such a '

was likely to lead

 

A YOUNG ‘LUMBER KING

“With me in the caboose behind the kitchen.
There’s a spare bunk there with blankets and
such. We’ll be company for each other, and
you’ll be right on the spot.”

“That will suit me first rate, Sol.
I’d have to bunk with the men.

I was afraid
This is a ﬁne

he cook nodded.

“_I’Yle seen many a ﬁne night in my time, es-
pecia ya sea.

::§ou’ve beeln a sailolr, haveI:,you?” d k

ot exacty a sai or. ve serve as coo

aboard of Several craft‘, and lconsequentlya I've
seen a goo part c t e wor d. I’ve ha my
bumps, and the worst of them all was when the
b3igftGfneral 1gaCk_St(;1l'l was ’Wtl'eCkedfaI'l(‘li I was
?o;; I gagegicskgdl upr,wh1<l)’i"e deg? than adlsivlde’:
said the cook, with a reminiscent look in his old
eyes.
the wreck, which he did, and then both turned in
for the night.

.«-.

CHAPTER III.——Fiendish Revenge.

Several weeks passed without anv incident oc- '
curring to break in upon the usual monotonous
routine of the lumber camp.

 

Fred asked him to tell him the «story of '

Fred made himself popular with the majority .

of the men by his eagerness to oblige all hands _
and his smart way in handling his duties as as-
sistant to the cook.

cBee had little to say to him, which was a n I

g vﬂsign, while Tulley noticed him only with a
sco . -

The ﬁreman, whether he had been impressed —
by the superintendent's remark at the supper ,
table that night or not, attended to his duties in
better shape than usual with him, though he
maintained a surly deportment.

Fred had idle moments and these he employed

( _

to familiarize himself with the work of. the camp. ‘ '
He saw how trees were cut down, denuded of the’ ,

limbs and foliage, transported to the sawmill and
cut into regular lengths. The shore was piled
with tiers of them, and preparations were under
way to send a large number of them down the
Penobscot in charge of men specially trained in
the hazardous job. '

One morning while, the young lumber king was  R7

peeling potatoes for the midday meal Silas Mc-
Bee suddenly appeared at the kitchen door.
looked mad as a hornet.
“Drop that work, Drew, and go over to the en-
gine-room. Report to‘ Dobbs.” .
After jerking the words out in a peremptory
tone, he turned on his heel and strode away.-
Both the cook and Fred knew what was in the
wind. Tulley was drunk again and incapable .01
attending to his work. _ .2‘
“It's come at last,” said Sol Scott, shaking his.-
head dismally. “You've got to
gineer today-—inaybe longer.” I
“I suppose it can't be helped,” replied the boy
far from relishing the ro ahead,
he objected to the wor , w ich would be
harder than what he was doin , but
to trouble getween

Tulley. — . "7 »..
izand lii,s~‘duties,.were .» «
Haves. éhgepw  ,'u 4

  
   

  

He 3 fl

 

my

9‘!
tire for the en-» 

A
.
.. &\.

 
   

‘4

    
    
   
     
     

 A YOUNG LUMBER KING ' , 5

L- point by feeding the furnace with refuse wood
. mﬁdﬁ f({)1(')t:lethpul'}i0Se, Slllii attelnttgdto vgious
jo a 11 e pace. e sta in eer-
 fulllﬂy, angdggs engineer, aifter watching him for a

w e, n anprovmg y.
g The morning passed quickly away ‘to the young
 lumber king, who was somewhat interested in
the novelty of his new work, and he was sur-
risedegvheizliri éhe 319011 whistle blew and the hands

or inner.

v“You’llohave to stay here in charge of the en-

' e-room till I come back,” said the engineer to

‘in, as he prepared to leave for the _eating
house. “Let the steam drop as far as this, he
added, pointing to a ﬁgure on the gauge, “and
kee it so. I've closed the draughts, so you
0 tn’t to have much to do."

Then the en 'neer departed in the rear of the
other mill hangs, and Fred was left the sole oc-
cupant ofndtheixbiliilding and iltls annex, eghﬁre tlig

ng-in i stood. e amus imse
‘- polisheinga the oddrbits of brass work about the
or  °"‘%...“**..::.‘":.e"g.W’ rm 3* ::'“3:“:
‘ o ru e ow 0 sun ig a
. csgmeethﬂough the doorway Fred turned around
‘and, somewhat to his dismay, beheld the burly
form of Tulley holding onto th door jamb for
-support, while the ﬁreman’s ii i shot forth a
gleam that wasn't pleasant to oo at. v
“so, yei-’ve got my job, have yer?” hissed the
- , man. - _
 . ullve been put on it for_ the day, till you're
reﬁdy to an on again,’ replied the boy, in a con-
‘ ' tory ne. ,
cl “aY'e,:re a liar!" roared Tulley; “ye re here for
‘ V .  not,” replied Fred. “I don't want your
’ ' - Jo“What did yer take it for, then?” snarled Tul-
‘-‘ ~ r oinous y.
  _ ky‘“:g‘ece:use I was ortelﬁggd to.” '
;  ySilas McBee. -
«S. «W

 

The ﬁreman uttered a string of imprecations.
He swayed to and fro in the doorway and mut-
tered threats half aloud. _ _ _
-' Then he turned on Fred again, staggering in-
 side as far as thebench against the outer wall
* Ion,which lay a collection of wrenches and other
" _ ‘tools used by the e!}8m°.°1'- , " ,
" “Yer say yer dont want the Job’! he said,
‘ thickly. . , ,,
:' "I don't want it as long as you re around.
. .2. uirhen git out. I'll attend to the business.”
 M] an’: go till Mr. Dobbs lets me off.”
 “Oh, yer can’t'.”’ gritted Tulle)’-
' '“No. He left me in charge of the place and
rye got to stay. He'll be back in twenty min-
utes or so, and then you can ﬁx matters up with
- n

  
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  

“I kin, eh?” replied the ﬁreman, with an ugly
' lneer. “Pm oin' to fix matters with you, not
 You're oin’ my work, so if yer doi_n’t want
a run-in with me, git out, and do it quick, d ye
“understand?” . _ V p
 I-‘red realized that a crisis was at hand and he
F lerved himself to meet it. At all risks he _in-
«iended to stick to his post. He wasn't. lookin
. trouble, but ‘he knew whathis duty was, an
. . to perform it or go under. Therefore,
. no move to .go,. . Tulley’s blood
peéinedtonlareinto V vcrvaouh . 

   

  

  
  

~\,.
-.3».

“I’ll give yer one minute to git,” cries the '
drunken ﬁreman.

“I'm not going, replied Fred, resolutely.

With a howl like an enraged wild animal Tul-
ley turned partly around, grabbed a wrench and
ﬂung it at the boy’s head. His aim was pretty
true and the distance so short that Fred's dodge
was not effective. Fortunately, the wooden han-
dle, not the iron part, struck the boy a glancing
blow on the forehead. It was enough, however,
:10 partially stun him, and he dropped to the

oor.

Tulley looked at him, uncertain whether he had '
killed the lad or not. Probably a dim forebod-
ing of trouble ahead took ssession of the ﬁre-
man’s brain. He had kill a man some months
before in a saloon ﬁght in .‘.ugusta, and he knew
what it was to ﬂee for his life. He also knew that
he was in_bad standing with McBee and most
of the men. If he had murdered the boy in his
fury he might be lynched oﬁ-hand, for justice in
the backwoods is often as swift and certain as it
formerly was in the wild and woolly West, and
still is for the matterin some places. -

In his boozy condition he could not tell whether
Fred was dead or not. He looked down and out,
at any rate. Tulley’s ﬁrst impulse, therefore,
was to ﬂy the camp and take his chances in the
wilderness. As he turned to the door, however,
a sudden thought ﬂashed through his brain. The ,
engine-room and mill were silent and untenanted,
and would be for nearly half an hour longer.
Why not set the place aﬁre and destroy the evi-
dence of his crime? The scheme appealed to him,
for it promised him additional revenge against
McBee and the bunch who were down on him.

He threw open the furnace door and grabbed

' the long ash hoe, intending to pull out the burn-

ing wood and scatter it about the ﬂoor. Sud-
denly his purpose changed. A diabolical '
came over his ugly features. A new idea ad
struck him. Instead of li'auling out the ﬁre he .
drop the long iron implement and began to
pile in the wood till not another stick would go
in. Then he opened all the draughts and the ﬂre
began to roar. Tulley grinned more ﬁendishly
than ever. He reeled to the doorway and looked
toward the eating house. No one was in sight,
and Sol Scott was hustling around the table
waiting on the men, who wondered where the new
boy was. Then he looked at the steam gauge
and saw the shivering ﬁnger climb up the index.

He grabbed a bit of twine and tied down the
safety valve. That would prevent the automatic
apparatus from working and letting off excess
steam. Finally he got a piece of rope, tied the
boy's arms behind his back, and raised him up
and secured him to a brass rail that ran around
the side of the boiler. He knew the boiler was
an old one and would not stand with safety more
than a certain number of pounds of steam to the
cubic inch.

With the safety valve out of business the'dan-
gerpoint would soon be reached under the -hot ‘
ﬁre he had made, and then when the pressure '.'—_
exceeded the porrvw of resistance the boiler was
bound to explode and blow the b0 into eternity
if he wasn’t alread dead. The uildmg woul . _
then robabl be ﬁnished by ﬁre, and all evidence . ' .
that chad adahandinthedestructiono‘f:.lu,y.
premises would he wilted mif.  Mama-

      
   
   

  

._g_ _.

  

   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  

rest on the dead lad as an inexperienced factor
in the_case. .

Shoving in more wood and after taking a last

‘ Iookat the gauge to make sure that things were

' working’toward the end he aimed at, Tulley

istaggered out of the annex engine-room and

' reeled away toward the nearby woods, leaving

Fred Drew and the property of the lumber com-

pany to their fate.

 

‘ »» CHAPTER iv.—saved In the Nick of Time.

Fred had not been entirely unconscious of what
’was going on in the engine-room as the rum-
crazed ﬁreman moved around while carrying out
his diabolical project.

, He was dazed and unable to move, like one in
* a night-mare, but he dimly understood that Tul-
'-ley was up to some mischief. . When the rascal
, ’ tiedhis arms and then his body to the brass rail-
» ing the boy began to feel that some horrible deed
-was in contemplation. His mind, however, was
‘ fast clearing, and when Talley, with a horrible
chuckle, vanished through the doorway, he came
around and began to struggle to free himself
. He heard the roar of the furnace as the open
~-drau hts sent the air through the glowing wood,
and he felt the increased heat of the boiler be-

' hind hiiﬁ.‘
e

i g , He knew that steam was generating
fast in

tubes, but he did not surmise that he

I  his surroundings were face to face with a.

great peril until his eyes rested on the automatic
safety valve. Then his startled senses took in
the fact that it was tied ,down to prevent the es-
gcape of the steam. He knew enough about steam
engines to understand what that meant. He could
see by the gauge that the pressure was mounting
4.-fast, and at that moment was a little above the
usual mark at which the engineer kept it when
the machinery of the mill was in action.
. ‘.‘Good Lord!" gasped Fred. “The scoundrel
has loaded the furnace, opened the draughts and
fastened down the safety valve. Unless I can
gt free in a few minutes the pressure is bound
become so heavy that the boiler will ex lode
rﬁnd blow me and he building to thunder. hat
-villain‘ Tul is!"
“‘»’l'he young umber king, alive to the, urgency
, the moment, and that his own fate hung in
the balance, struggled desperately to free him-
7 if from Liz ,bonds.« The growing heat of the
' 'ler’behind him, from which he was only sepa-
rated by about a foot, was already becoming too
‘uncomfortable for him, and yet his thoughts were
illoton that, but on the more serious state of the

As the moments ﬂew by and he failed to re-
lease himself he began‘ to shout at the top of his
vote: for help. {There was no one about to hear
jiim. vidence, however, sent Sol Scott to the
‘ of the kitchen at that moment. ' The cook
faint cries coming from the direction of

   

   

 

  

   

    

’ ’ e-room.
-nffgw Fred was alone there and instantly
occurred to him that Tulle had gone there

   
 
 
 
 

Auﬁckﬁd him. Seizin ' , knif
 .-kiuheii table, hegs:aréegdc:¢fz*v1i?lige saw?
 ‘i , fully determined. to. make

  

A YOUNG LUMBER KING '

 
   

room. The tone of the boy's voice showed him
that the lad stood in urgent need of hel .

“I believe the villain is tryin’ to mur er the
boy,” he breathed, tensely. “I’ll ﬁx him. I'll
ja a. hole in him big enough to let in the day-
light good and strong.” H‘

Sol Scott was not a gory-minded person by
nature. In fact, he was rather timid than other-
wise. But he had taken a strong liking for Fred ‘
Drew, and the very idea that the boy might be ‘
at the mercy of such a scoundrel as Dave Tulley
enraged him, and made him reckless of conse-
quences.

As he neared the door he uttered a wild Co-
manche-like whoop, thinking to strike fear into
the mind of the ﬁreman, whom he believed was
assaulting Fred. '

. The young lumber king heard the shout and  ;
elled louder. A moment later Sol Scott dashed

into the engine-room with the carving—knife poised. 

read for business. , ' F

“ ere is he? Where is the scoundrel?” he
roared, seeing Fred standing by himself and no
sign. of the ﬁreman on the remises. 

"For Heaven’s sake! ut me loose—quic.k!" 
cried Fred, appealingly. 

“What’s the matter?” asked the
prehending the situation.

“Cut me loose! I’m _tied to this brass rail.
Don’t waste a second.”

Fred’s desperate earnestness had its effect on -
Egotét, and he rushed over to the boy and cut his F

n s.

Seizing the knife out of the cook's hands,  ’
pushing him back, Fred made a leap for the;
cslafety valve and cut the string which held it .7

own. 

The moment it was free the steam began to »
escapein a cloud. . - 

Fred then pulled the whistle rope and a shrill
screech echoed and re-echoed across the land-
scape, startling ,both the engineer and the men
who were ﬁnishing their meal. -' '

“Hold that rope, Sol,” cried Fred, feverishly,’ -'
“and keep the whistle going.” 

“Why, what’s won ?" asked the cook. . ;

“No matter; I'll tel you later," ejaculated an
boy, rushinig around and closing the draughts; 

he wil screaming of the whistle haclthg
whole camp aroused by this time. The engineer.
suspecting something wron , was running to-
ward the engine-room, and half the hands, neg;
ing his excitement, followed his examule. ‘ ‘ '

Silas McBee came to the door of a cabin near
the water, where he had been doing some work
in connection with the shipment of the consign:
ment of loﬁs downthe river, and looked tow
th5LS:wmiti3 ' dF d s’ ”

_ 1: go e rope,’ sai re to cott, andtha.
whistle stopped suddenly. The gauge was my
dropping slowly, and the boy knew that a caﬁpii
trophe had been ‘averted through the instrumen-
talit of the cook. _ ’
“ “ ’ol,” he said, gfaspin the man b the ho V

you ve saved my life an the saw as well.

How—-how?” ked the astonished cook. f
Before Fred cou answer the engineer . . ...
into the'place. , ,_
“What in thunder is‘ wrong?" he  ..
l°9!§'3'ih9mund" ' h t few ‘ Q

_. in now, I11‘; ii a. 

iaefeamgiizy .: been 

        

cook, not com-

      
     
   
       
    
 

  
 
     
     
     
    
 

  
 
   
     
  
  
   
 

  
   
   
     
       
  
      
   
  

   
         
   
   

   
    
       
    
  

        
     
     
    
    

     
     
 

  

  

   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
   
     
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
    
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
 

,7‘»"Explain yourself,” said Dobbs, sharply, as a
Jlunch of hands‘ gathered around the.door and
Jooked curiously inside. _ '
_ Fred did explain, and in a very graphic man-
 He showed the pieces of string still adher-
‘Bflg to the arm of the escape valve; he pointed
to the gauge, which showed a high pressure yet,
; and lastly he opened the furnace door and let the
engineer see the roaring ﬁre in there. Dobbs
Vmm rehended the matter and was boiling mad.
 ’ f Silas McBee doesn’t run that scoundrel
Tulley out of the camp I’l1_resign my_job,” he
said. “Why, he might have put the mill out of
jltusiness for the season, without speaking about
‘ taking your hfe.” _
“He ought to be lynched,” cried one of the
men at the door, and a murmur of approval ran
through the crowd, for most of those present
7!? re down on the ﬁreman.

“Well," said Fred, “you have Sol Scott to
«thank for saving the place and I have got to
{thank him for saving my life. If he hadn’t come
‘gs: when he did you’d have had excitement to
here by this time, while I would have been
g-Qvt of all my earthly troubles.”

“'$‘Three cheers for S01!” cried one of the men.
_They were given with a. will, for S01 was
“iilomething of a favorite in camp.

“What started you up here, Sol?" asked the

, heee explained that he had gone to the
 for a breath of cool air, and he then heard
faint cries coming from the engine-room appar-

siy’ ed Tull h d t th place, and
lgrew alone eliyadaattggkgd ‘him? because he
i’aa“holding down his job. So I bragged this
eand started to save the boy, not understand-
what really was the matter,” concluded Scott.
bbs told the cook that he deserved a gold
for what he had done, and he guessed the
: a. would make it all right with him. .
“‘“‘‘As»for ou, Drew, you had a ‘mighty narrow
, pg, cBee, I promise you, will, see that
Qnlley doesirt monkey with you any inore. In
‘‘ i if the men catch him he may swing to the
,;...,.-of one of those trees yonder. If _I could
Jud my way he'd have gone long ago._ You
consider that you have a steady job in the
m . room now for the rest of the season, and
-. :. there,“ be no reason why you can’t come
next year if you want to," said Dobbs.
»n.‘u;en told Fred to go and get his dinner,
_, 1 his t. _ V b

‘ the boy 3: his good friend, the cook, start-
. or the -kitchen and eating house together,
friends than ever. .

  

    
   

   

 

en Silas Me_Bee came to get his dinner he
Fred at the table. .
“What, was the trouble at the sawmill?” he

‘ ' . ' th hl to .
”.‘3-§‘.’i“m.§i§'.2 Z3 ...'l’u..a what might
 a through the ageiicypof the drunk-

A YOUNG LUMBER KING

, t Then he called Scott into the rooin.

' “but you ain't obliged to put yourself out for me. I

-ested Fred greatly.
- ‘when they turned’ in, and by that time the camp

“You shall be rewarded for saving the engine
and the mill,” he said. “As for you, Drew,
Tulley’s job and his wages are yours from this
time on.” -

Fred was sorry to sever his connection with '.
the culinary department for Sol’s sake, but oth-
erwise he was glad to make the change. ‘

“Never mind,” he thought, “I’ll help him out  ~
evenings. He saved my life and I can't do too
much for him to show my gratitude.” ’ ,

«Fred’s back was blistered and raw and was I

now paining him a great deal.

When he told Sol about it, the cook made him‘
take oil’ his shirt, and then Scott rubbed him
well with sweet oil, which helped him greatly,
and he returned to his work feeling fairly good.

A hunt had been made for Tulley in the neigh-
borhood, but the long screech of the whistle had
told. him that his scheme had failed, and, know- . -
ing he might expect to be roughly handled by A‘
the men if caught, he hid himself in a certain 
place where he believed he would be safe, so the ’ 4,.
searchers did not discover him. After the wh.is-51:7
tle blew that afternoon for work to stop the en- _ ,
gineerremained with Fred to show him what he '
was expected to do hereafter himself. They
went to supper together, and after the meal the 
young lumber king insisted on helping‘ Sol wash '
the dishes and set the table for the morning. . ~

"I’m much obliged to you, sonny,” said Scott,

 

When your work is through at the.engine-room : 'A‘_ :‘
you’re done for the day.”

“I know that, Sol, but just the same I'm going
to give you a lift right along, if you don‘t ob-
ject,” replied Fred. “I suppose I can p on .
sleeping here, for I'd rather do it than bunk in
with‘the rest of the crowd.”

“Of course you can, as long as I have anything
to say about it,” replied the cook, heartily. ’

That evening they sat by the door together,
and S01 spun several more sea yarns that inter- - 5
The moon was coming up ' 

 

 
 

was -as silent as a country churchyard. It might
have been two in the morning when a darlr 
shadow came out of the woods and moved stealth-

ily toward the cook house and its connecting .
buildings. ' _ ,_ '1‘

. Silas MgBee didn't consider it necessary to em-'

Ploy a night watchman in that out-of-the-way
ocality,‘so there was no eye to observe the move’-. ‘
merits of the man as he crossed the moonlit“
ground, with the slouching gait which an o£..thh_
hands would immediately have recogn’ asrbo,-'~
longing to Dave Tulley, the ex-ﬁreman. . -

Tulley reached the cook, house and stopped 1111- ,
der the shadow of the window. Hunger had I
driven him from his lair, just as it drives wild:
animals abroad to look for a meal. He knew
that the‘ provisions were kept in'a 
next to and connected with the kitchen, and .lﬁs'.;
purpose was to make a raid on the building. “.1!
also knew that Sol Scott and Fred Drew" 5
in the little room between the kitchen and 2“?
storehouse. He would liked to have done‘ “
thin to Ejred, seeing that thebo” had '
. ‘A , him of his revenge;  he.

.<H=*=.a=; ?*S‘Fi°‘—.8°V‘ll"'&'(£¢l=ﬁ
too that ;m- lino

 
   
    
   

  
   
  
      
      
  

   
       
   
 
  
    

  
   

  
    
   
  
  

 
 
   
 

   

 ?
g.
i’.

F

 

A ‘ tiguhsﬂy by one arm.

,  was not wholly thrown 01? his guard."
 submitting to what seemed to.be his fate, he

as _ ' ' -A YOUNG LUMBER KING

The question of appeasing his hunger and se-
curing supplies for the future was what chieﬂy
occupied his thoughts. The storeroom had a
window, and it was on this that Tulley began
operations with a stout chisel he had brought for
the purpose.

He did not expect to ﬁnd the window a difficult
proposition to overcome, for'So1 Scott did not
look for any surreptitious visits from the men
at night, because they were well fed, and there-
fore had no call to seek extra provender' there-
fore a simple catch was all he considere neces-
sary to hold the window.

Tulley made short work of the catch and open-
ed the window. With the aid of a box he pulled
himself into the storeroom, and then in the semi-
gloom of the place he began to feel around and
examine the articles on the shelves. He loaded
a bag with canned goods, boxes or crackers, and
other things, and dropped it out of the window.

Part of-a haunch of venison attracted his at-

tention, and his hunger made him attack it on.

the premises, tearing off chunks like a famished
wolf might do. While he was thus engaged the
young lumber king, whose bunk was against the
wall of the storeroom, woke up. It was .a most

unusual circumstance for the boy to wake dur- ~

ing the night. Once he got to sleep he usually
remained unconscious of his surroundings until
morning.

. A bad dream, occasioned probably by his day’s
strenuous experience in the engine-room, was
the cause of his waking up. As he turned over
to compose himself to sleep again his sharp ears
heard what he regarded as suspicious sounds in
the storeroom. At ﬁrst he thought it was Sol
moving around in there, but the reﬂection of the
moonlight through the window showed the cook

sleeping tranquilly in his bunk on the opposite
v side of the room.

Fred listened attentively until he was satisﬁed
some one who had rib business to be there was
moving in the storeroom. He sprang noiselessly
out of bed, went to the door and opened it softlly.
The open window first met his gaze,,and then t e
ﬁgure of a man standing between himself and
the moonlight. Naturally he was astonished to
find an intruder there at that hour, but he was
not long in identifying the individual as Dave
Tulley, his personal enemy. V

The ex-ﬁreman was attacking the cold meat in
a ravenous way that showed how hungry he was.
Had it been any one else; some tramp of the
wilderness, for instance, the boy would have sym-
pathized with the purport of his clandestine visit
to the storeroom. It was different in the case of
Tulley. "The rascal had tried to murder him that
day in a particularly diabolical way, consequently
the young lumber king entertained no kindly
feelings to ard him. The villain richly deserved
to be punighed for his attempted crime, and here
was a chance to capture him and hand him over to

~'Silas McBee. Throwing open the door suddenly,

he rushed into the storeroom and seized the rascal

er, Dave ;Tulley,” he cried. “I've

ea t you." V

lleywas taken somewhat by sur rise, but
tead of

_ on Fred and grabbed him by the neck.
ensued a desperate struggle between them

1”: x .. — » \ -,

    

for the mastery. They swayed to and fro for a

‘ few minutes and then went down on the ﬂoor with

a crash, continuing their ﬁght in the gloom. The
noise awoke Sol Scott, and he sat bolt upright in
bed. The racket in the storeroom then came
plainly to his ears. Glancing across at Fred’s
bunk, he saw that the boy was not in bed, and he
at once concluded that his oung friend was in
trouble again. He lost no time in getting out of
bed and going to the door of the storeroom. Two
forms, one dark and the other clad in light, airy
attire: Were squirming about on the ﬂoor.

Sol hastened to light _the lam with which the
sleeping room was provided, an with this in his ‘
hand he illuminated the scene of the stru le.
Tulley, 0W1ng to his superior strength, h se-
cured an advantageous position on top of Fred,
and was in the act of bringin a plate down on
the lad’s head, when Sol caug 1: his wrist. The
lrlascal looked up and the cook at once recognized

im. '-

“Dave Tulley!” he exclaimed.

With an imprecation Tulley sprang to his feet,
dashed the lamp from the cook’s hands and sprang
for the window. He went through the opening 
headforemost, turning like an ath ete on a hori-
zontal bar, and landed on the ground outside in
a heap. He quickly picked himself up, grabbed
the bagful of plunder and dashed for the woods.

It Was useless for Fred to think of following him
in his undress attire, while Scott was busy looking
after the lamp, chimney of which had been broken ;
into a hundred fragments. Fred watched the ras- 1
cal disappear into the woods and then closed the .‘
window. He found that the catch was broken and -
that it could not be fastened. As it opened in- ,
ward, he piled a couple of boxes up against it, , -‘;
and then he and Scott returned to the sleeping ‘
room, where Fred told the cook how he had dis-
covered Tulley in,the storeroom, and attempted ,
unsuccessfully to capture him. When he ﬁnished 
his story they turned in and slept without further 3
interruption till morning. . 
1
.4

CHAPTER VI.——In a Tight Fix.

When Silas McBee learned next morning the
particulars of Tulley’s nocturnal visit to the store- .
room he got hopping mad. He immediately de- .~;
tailed a number of the men to scour die‘ woods '
after the rascal. They spent several hours at
the job, but failed to ﬁnd any signs of the ex-
fireman. And yet Tulley was not far away at
the time. His retreat was within half a mile of
the_ saw-mill, and he as aware of the elfortl
being made to capture im. Several days passed’
and nothing having been seen of Tulley,«the im- '

ression prevailed that he had left the neighbor— .
ood. Fred’s activity and attention to his duties
made him solid with the engineer, and they got ‘A
on very well together. The boy’s growing pop--
ularity in the camp, however, made enemies for
him of several men who had been cronies of ,
Tulley. The ex-ﬁreman had supplied these chaps _~,$
with whisky on the sly, though he never would 1
admit to them where he ot the stuﬁ, and the ban-
ishment of Tulley cut 0 this surreptitious su
ply. For that reason they sympathized with
rascal, though they had no real friendship for
him, and accumulated a gi-ouch against the new,
boy. Their ﬁrst move was to try to set the 
. ,,.

   

  

wouldn’t work at all, they fell back on undei-hand

methods. They determined to set McBee against
  If they could accomplish this they felt sure

 that the superintendent would send the lad,
though what they expected to gain by getting
Fred bounced from the camp was a problem.

One morning McBee looked into the engine-room
and called Fred out. _
m“Come with me,” he said in his customary gruff

ne.

He led the boy to his quarters in the front of

\ the mill. _

“Cleanup things around here,” he said.

The young lumber king got a broom and swept
the sleeping room and office out to begin_ with.
Then he began to dust the shelves and their con-

- tents and tidy the place up. When he got through
it presented ite a new and improved appear-
ance. He ha? just ﬁnished his work ,when the
superintendent looked in and grunted his ap-

‘ _ro . Then he looked up and went off, while

. ﬁred returned to the en 'ne-room. Two of Tul-

"»':5~ley’s cronies worked in t e mill and they noticed

what the boy had been doing in McBee’s quarters.

» -  alsovnoticed that the window in the superin-

.. tenants bed—room had been left open by Fred.

Noon came around and on their way to dinner

they held a consultation. They hurried through
the meal and were the first to leave the eating-
room. A few minutes afterward they were stand-

' ting under the window in question.

Fred was in the engine-room waiting for Dobbs-

" ‘lo return and let him off, but he didn’t notice that
' any one was around the mill. One of the men
boosted the other through the window and then

‘stood on watch outside, read to warn his com-

- panion if any one approach . _The man inside,
*' whose name was Reedy, stayed in McBee’s quar-
_ tars about ten minutes, and then let himself out
. of the window, closing it after him. The air
walked awa , and a quarter of an hour later red

' was reliev by the engineer and he went to get

-- » own dinner. During the afternoon Reedy
, found-an excuse for going into the_engine-room.
Neither Dobbs nor red took particular note of

his actions. While he was there the boy wheeled
a barrow full of ashes to a dump outside. Fred 3

I

t

.. looking for to reach the lad’s coat, which hung
from a peg on the wall back of the_boiler. -As
' ‘ the young lumber king was returning he met
.- Reedy at the door going away. After suvpel‘ the
‘#3 _mup of Tulley’s cronies met on the bank of the

  

k of the river and held a pow-wow.
The'communication Reedy made to them seemed
to afford them much satisfaction. Finally they
all returned to the neighborhood of the kitchen
and hung around smoking. Fred was helping Sol
with the dishes as usual and set the table for
“ifﬁliorning. When Sol and the boy finished up they
mine to the door, the cook getting out his pipe,
which was his one great. solace. Suddenly all
the men except Reedy walked forward and seemed
F ‘D be greatly interested in something they saw
" near the river. Their actions attracted the
_, ‘on of Fred and Sol, and the went over and
asked the men what they were loo 'ng at. One of
 ﬁe men pointed at a certainséiot and asked the

 

 

.’ __ and the boy to watch an jhe'y’d see some-.

, add in a minute.
Ind looked  at the place and‘so did Sol.
Zllnthing happen While they were

as

x

 

brief absence gave Reedy the opportunity he was ;

thus en-'

A YOUNG LUMBER {KING 9

of the men against Fred, but ﬁnding this plan .

tgagﬁd Reerll ' slneaked into the kitlilien (and thence
o e sina seeping apartment yon . He was
gonedonlyl akfedw minultes and tlherlil joined the
crow. an as e what t ey were oo 'ng at.

“Some of us saw a strange kind of light down
yonder on the other side of the river,” said a.
fellow named Wagner; “but it hasn’t shone again,
though we’ve all been watchin’ for it.”

“What was it like?” asked Reedy with a grin.

That was the signal agreed upon between him
and the rest that everything was all right.

. Wagner explained that it was a ghostly kind of
light with a halt; around it. Reedy laughed and
said he guessed it was only imagination. The
men then walked away, while Fred and the cook
returned to the kitchen door. When McBee went
to his quarters about four o’clock next day he
found under the door a folded piece of paper ad-
dressed to him. When he read it his brow clouded.
. He went to his desk and looked at it sharply.
The drawer in which he kept quite a sum of
money showed signs of havin been tampered
with. On trying it he found t e lock had been
broken with some kind of an implement. Pulling
the drawer out he discovered that the fancy buck-
skin wallet containin the money was gone. Noth-
ing else appeared to ﬁe missing as far as he could
see._ McBee was a man of strong prejudices and
easil excited to anger. He acted entirely on
impu se, never stoppin to thing whether he was
right or not. When ﬁiis feelings were excited
against any one he was apt to carry thin s to an
unreasonable len h, and to allow the o ject of

his resentment little chance to square himself..

On this occasion his face, which was a sure index
to his state of mind, showed that he was aroused
to a high itch of wrath. The paper he held in
his hand e crunched between his ﬁngers and
threw away. ‘Slamming the door of his oﬁce he
marched straight to the cook-house. Walking
through the kitchen, without a word to Sol, who
was peehng a pan of potatoes, he entered the
bed-room_and began to pull Fred's bunk over.
[Snugly hidden under the mattress he found his
fancy buckskin wallet. He uttered _a terrible ini-
precation that reached Sol’s ears and made that
worthy wonder what was up. Opening the wallet,
he found t}iat_ the money, amounting to about
$200, was missing. He swore like a trooper. Put-
ting the wallet in his pocket he stalked out into
the air and returned to his quarters, where he
picked up a small coil of rope. Going to the en-
lgine-house door he called .to the young lumber
mg.

_ “Put on your jacket and come with me,” he said
in an ugly tone.
_ The 130)’ 0beY_ed, and without a word the super-
intendent led him away from the camp and up on
the bluff which bordered upon the river to a spot
Where a gang of men were fellin trees. On the
edge of the bluﬂ’ stood a tall dea tree which had
been left there as a kind of landmark.

“N0W.- then," gritted McBee, pushing Fred
against the tree, “turn out your pockets.”

“What!” gasped the boy, amazed at the order.

“Turn out your pockets, d’ye hear?” he re-
peated savagely.

“Turn out my pockets?” ﬂuttered ‘Fred. Why-”

“Wagner,” roared the superintendent to one of
the ang, “come here.”

wondering’ what was in the

e man obeyed. while the others stopped work,
wind; : ‘ V.

 

    
 
 

   
  
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
     

- , “Turn out that boy's pockets—every one of

r 1tham,"’ cried McBee. .
Smothering a grin, for Wagner knew what was
, coming, being one of the conspirators, he p_ro-
"? deeded to carry out the _boss’s orders. Nothing
 came of the search-until Wagner came to the
" inside pocket of Fred’s coat, and from this he
' drew forth a $10 bill which had been torn in quar-

 * strips of red paper, making the outline of a red
‘  cross. McBee recognized the bill as one that had
,1 been in the buckskin wallet. He glared furiously
 at Fred.

' _ . “Is that all he's got about him?” he demanded

of Wagner.

~ -: “That's all,” answered the rascal.

j» . “What did you do with the rest‘of the mon-
.~ ey?" he said to the boy in tones of suppressed

fu .

' . -.‘q‘he'rest of the money!" ejaculated Fred, who

cpuld not understand how the marked bill had
;'— come upon his person.
’ , . “The rest of the $200 you stole from my desk,"
T. replied the superintendent.
- ’ “I never stole a cent from your desk. I’m not
~ a thief,” answered Fred with a ring of indigna-
. ‘ tion in his tones. _

‘ ‘_ “You didn’t, eh’! P'haps you'll tell me how this
wallet came to be in your bunk? I found it
there ”

. - McBee held the wallet up threateningly.

 .9‘! don't know anything about it. I didn't put it
there. I never saw it before,”. protested Fred.
The superintendent threw the rope on the
-ground at Wagner's feet.

.“Tie that a. couple of times around that young
’1ia_;s chest and pin his arms to his body,” he
88) . ‘

1 Wagner obeyed with alacrity.

‘(Now take the end with you and climb half-
way up this tree.” ‘
‘ The man did as he was told. _

“Haul. the boy up and secure him there.”
Wagner was a burly fellow, and had no trouble
in carrying out the order.

’; ,t‘Now, -you young villain, tell me where the
 restiof that money is or there'll be somethin’ doin’
 won't like,” snarled McBee. ’

., j"!‘don’t know anything about the money you re
g abou ,f’ replied Fred desperately.

. your axe, Wagner,” said the" superin-

tendent ah I .
jThe maiairp y it while the ,rest of the gang
“looked on wit wondering eyes. , ' »

~ “Notch that tree out.on the river side,” directed

 

  

 
  

 

   

    

   
   

- agner proceeded to cutaway, and not an-
"rdword was said untilhe had made a deep
“ cut as far as the center of. the tree,
McBee called a halt. ;
ow, you young thief, confess what you have
' ‘with that $200 or over into the river you
said theboss of the_camg.o ,
‘ ‘T can't tell you anything a ut the money, for
» never ‘saw it-." answered’the boy in a tone that
" ‘tlieringoftruthtoit. '
Hagen.

   
   

   
 

however, didn't believe him even a little
 his wallet in Fred's bunk was evi-

 to him that the boy was guilty, and
‘ ﬁe] lad could say,_ would convince him

s ,; ‘

  
   
 

ters and then pasted together with two narrow.

   

 AND FORTUNE /WEEKLY

plete the job. The man at once attacked the _op-
posite side of the tree, each lusty stroke widening
the fresh notch. Bound helpless to the tree, Fred
could feel the jar made by each stroke of the _axe.

“You’ll soon be sailin’ down toward the rapids,"
laughed Silas McBee sardonically, as the tree be- ,
gan to tilt over toward the river.

Fred, alive to the seriousness of his situation.
begged the superintendent to explain what it all
meant. McBee only laughed at him. At length
when it looked as if another stroke of ,the axe
would complete the work, McBee stopped Wagner;

' “This is your last chance "to confess,” he said.
“Own up about the money and I’ll let you go down.
Refuse and ”

Fred made an involuntary movement of terror.
for he felt the tree sagging under him inch by
inch-. Themove was unfortunate. It proved to
be the last straw with the tree. .Whether McBee
really intended to launch him over, or simply ;
meant to frighten him into a confession, is un- '
certain——probably the latter, for the boy's pos— '
sjble death would prevent .him from recovering,
the money. anyway. However, he had carried his a... _‘
purpose a little too far, for the tree suddenly went ~’“-cg
over with a crash, snapped off at the weak point,—
and disappeared down the bluff like a shot, car-‘.
rying the young lumber king with it. .

 
 

    

       
 

  

CHAPTER :VII.—Adi-ift on the" River.

The other members of the chopping gang ut-
tered a shout of dismay. Until that moment they '
had not believed that McBee meant to carry mat- ,
ters so far. They would have entered a‘ protest.-
anyway, but were afraid of the boss of the camp.
Now they rushed to the edge of the bluff in a_.
body and looked down. McBee and Wagner were
already standing close to the brink, gazing after _
the tree, which had struck the water with a_,o
splash, and after going under had come up and ,
was sailing out into the center of the stream.~

_ Fortunately the tree had fallen in a way that
broke the effect of the shock on Fred, and though
he was momentarily dazed, his bonds had .
loosened. The current of the river carried tree

._and boy around a bend and vanished from the
sight of the watchers on the bluff. McBee’:
anger cooled some as he be an to realize that he-
might be held responsible‘ or the lad-’s dea so ,
he issued orders to his men to get down the 111-‘.
andsave the victim of his reckless rage. 

The men, Wagner excepted, had. to run some. -
little distance-back before they could ﬁnd a p
where.they could descend the bluff with safety.‘
Reaching the ‘shore, they followed the river at
their best speed till they came to the turn. wh , ~
they were blocked by a big stone that lay 1" t T
in their path. ' ‘V

By. the time they had surmounted this it'w§l

growing dark. but they kept on, with their eyq
on the lookout for the runawa tree. After p
ceeding for a half mile t ey failed to sight
it. At this point the river widened out, and the
trend of the tide carried objects well toward the
other shgre: _'l‘he diaskiéitgss of_ the airtgut all their
range 0 -VlS10ﬂi an a r going ano er quartet»
ofba mile they had to give the quest up as 1111*
“Jo .» ‘ »  ‘

      
  

   
   
 
  
  
 

   
  
    
         
  

   
  
 

   
  
      
     
 

  
 
 
    
   

  
    
          
 
  

   
   
 

 

     
 
   
  
     
   

   
 

   

      
  
   
  

    

   
   
  
     
  
   
      
  
    
    
    

in his shoes. I don't believe Fred Drew stole his
‘money. It is just like the old boy to go of half-
eocked when he gets his dander up.”

The bunch was to a man friendly toward the
young ﬁreman, and McBee’s ears ought to have

~, tingled from what they said about him on their
_ way back. In the meanwhile, how fared it with
the young lumber king?

The moment he recovered his self-possession
he struggled to free himself from the rope that
held him. This was not such a diﬂicult matter,
for a thick, spreading limb above his head kept
the tree nicely balanced, and prevented it from
rolling in either direction.

' The rope was loose, as the shock of the descent
 from the bluff had thrown him toward the notch
" around which the rope had been thrown. All he
had to do was to draw out his arms and lift the
loop over his head, then he was free of restraint.
‘ He sat up with his legs astride his wooden steed
and looked around. He found himself all of sixty
feet from the shore whence he had come and
steadily drifting toward the 0 posite bank. The
, water was like ice and chilled im through, while
the temperature of the air was also cold.
Finding that the log was as steady as a raft,
he ‘stood up on it, walked as far forward as the
distended limb which acted the same way that a

 

to ﬂap his arms across his chest to keep

, his blood in circulation. Darkness gradually came
over the face of theflandscape and the air grew
colder still» His situation was one not to be en-
vied. He was going straight down the river
through a perfect wilderness, without anything
in sight -to satisfy an appetite that was already
making itself felt. He had been two hours on
the tree, and was beginning to feel~as if he didn’t
care whether school kept or not, when he spied
through the gloom ahead a twinkling light that
grew steadily larger and brighter. In the course
‘of another half hour he made it out-to  a _fire
5 $ " _elose to the river. Fred welcomed the sight Joy-

- ﬁere there was a ﬁre there must be human

_ ' and the presence of human life suggested
9,; ~'~ -shelter and something to eat.

‘ -But how was he to reach the ﬁre ‘unless he

, lunged into the icy stream and ‘swam_ashore?

~ e would do that sooner than be carried past

, ’ what promised to be a haven of refuge for him.

, _Fred made out two ﬁgures seated before the fire.

One of them seemed to be a boy from his size.

 

V ‘t’ small pleasure sloop anchored close in to the shore.
, The current was carrying the tree close in to-
ward it, and the young umber king judged that
he was nearing a point of land that jutted into the
” river. A .
The night was comparotivelx still, and the in-
voluntary voyager thought he would try and at-
tract the attention of the strangers. So making
T 5: funnel of his two hands, he shouted, “Hello!
f‘ His voice reached the persons seated on the
* gtgunp. They started up and looked in the dark-
‘ lash riverward. _ ,
“Hello!” cried Fred again. .
.'l'he smaller person ran down to the edge of the
.55 " and shouted. “Hi, hi! Where are you?”
aboyiahivoiceﬂm _ ,_ _.H L a N
' -. - _ ting tree, » ave you w

  
 
 

  
   

r,. ..

   

.. gs.

,.,: .. ;

ﬂoating boom does for a small boat in a gale, and,

The blaze now revealed to him the presence of a V

.‘ _

A YOUNG LUMBER KING,

11

The boy vanished out of range of the ﬁre and
presently Fred heard the sound of oars.

“This way,” he cried, shouting to guide the
rower.

The boat and its occupant became dimly visible.
They were coming direct for the tree. In a few
minutes the rower took in one oar and the boat
ran ed alongside of the forest derelict.

‘ tep 1n,” invited the boy.

Fred_stooped, grabbed the side of the boat and
leaped in. _

“How came you to be on that tree?” asked the
boy. “Are you one of ‘the loggers?”

“No, I’m not exactly a logger, though I came
from a lo ging camp some miles above here. As
to why I appened to be on that tree, I'll explain
by and by after I warm myself,. for I am chilled
to_the_ bone, and hungry enough to eat any old
thin in the shape of food.” .

“ hat’s' your name?” asked the other, rowin

- shoreward. ,

“Fred Drew. What’s yours?”

“Billy VVatkins.”

“Who’s the man ashore?”

“Professor Aldwinkle.”

“Any other besides you two?”

‘lN0pe.)7

“What brings you and the professor into these
wilds?” ‘

“He’s a naturalist and is looking for specimens. .
I’m a boatman, cook and general assistant.”

The boat grounded, and Billy Watkins; followed
by Fred, Jumped to the shore. The former se-
cured the boat and then led the way to the ﬁre.

“How do you do, sir?” said Fred, rushing close
to the ﬁre, and addressing the professor.
almost frozen, I’ve been in the river and feel like
a lump of ice.”

“Don’t stand on ceremony, then, youn man..
I'll talk to you after you get the chill oﬁ. think
a horn of cognac would do you good and drive
the cold out. Billy!"

“Yes, sir.”

“Get the bottle of brandy
fetch a glass with you.”

Billy ran to the sloo , which was anchored to
the land, jumped aboa of her and vanished into
the little cabin. He was back in a jiﬁy with the
bottle and a glass. While he was away the young
lumber king told the professor that he hadn't »
eaten anything since noon.

“Billy,’ said Professor.Aldwinkle, taking the
bottle and glass out of his hand, “make a pot of
coffee, and lay out some bread and butter and
cold venison.”

“Yes, sir,” and the youth was off aboard the
sloop once more.

He brought an oil stove forth, set it on top of
the trunk roof of the cabin, and soon had a small
brass kettle full of water heating over one of the
burners. While he was thus enga Fred intro-
duced himself to the professor, an as he thawed
out under the combined inﬂuence of the fire and
the brandy he told his story, roughly sketching his
brief connection with the l 'ng camp, but dwell-
ing upon his sudden and ust ejectment there.

via the chopped tree and the river. Fred‘:
honest face and earnest tones carried with them
a conviction of his

from my locker and

‘9You were

‘Aldwinkle believed him. mm M. P'°f°‘°°', 5
treated very ' 1 my Ind.” said» I
the professor. “It was very 1'0:-tuna’te for you  ’ v‘ 

  

.\

“Pm ‘

      
         
 

m,- .

   
 

 A YOUNG ‘LUMBER KING

Iqa'nd'my assistant happened to be there, ready
to help you out. The nearest ‘town is on the
other side of the river beyond Lake Parmedecook,
about twenty miles as the crow ﬂies, but all of
$113.3 or more if you tried to walk there. Without
‘f

you must have perished miserably in the‘

Vwilderness.”

By this time Billy yelled out that the coffee and
other ﬁxings were ready on the table, so the pro-
fessor told Fred to go aboard and eat all he
pranted. The youngluniber king didn't require
‘a,.second invitation. He was soon ‘seated at the
‘small table in the cabin of the sloop. Billy
poured out the coifee. _ '

“That. will warm your innards," said Billy.

 You «looked like a wrgck when you first

came to the fire.”
.1. “And I felt like a wreck, too. The brandy and
tty good and this layout

stes good, I.

I guess you're a ood cook, Billy."
but I haven t met ’em,” grin-

ned the youth. _

The professor came aboard about the time Fred
had satisﬁed his appetite.

.“Billy," he said, “_vou’ll have to let our visitor

have your bunk to-night. You can sling your ham--

‘alockvand make yourself comfortable with a pair
 of."blankets_.”
“Yes, sir,” replied the youth cheerfully.
._»“I don't ‘want Billy to put himself out, on my
account," said Fred. “If you have a hammock
it,will'he'good'enough for me." _
ﬂip!" ejaculated Billy. “You hain’t puttin’
I kin sleep anywhere. I'm used
I’ve slept; in packin’ cases, wag-

tovroughin’ it. _
fare I got a Job on the

sins. and any ,old place
the ”

Pgofessor Aldwinkle told Fred to strip to the
‘Band get under the blankets right away, and
The ﬁre ashore had by this time died away to
numb! glowing embers. The professor turned
71 himself, leaving his assistant to hang up
«hammock to thefour hooks in the cabin C°ll-
Fred felt pretty comfortable now, but the
ass of his, surroundings kept him awake
‘ugﬁl/after. his companions were asleep. While
‘ was wondering how» Sol Scott had taken his
« 2 -v— -v departure from the camp, he drifted
y shimbei-land. and until the morning sun had
. . ._. t ughband warmth into the landscape once
no soundwas heard in the little cabin out

» eep breathing of the three sleepers.

 VIII.——The Man on the Shore.

 opened his eyes in the morning
. ghanlmock had disappeared and _the little
was ﬂooded with sunshine which came

, . the sliding door that communicated with
cockpit. The narrow little table was set for
.pere’ons, and everything about the place

’_ ( .3 gig: is; 3 new  professor was
. . t . . . i _
4' lgppga o11t°~‘l:I*l(,’slled, but couldn't find his

‘ hi8‘IIndImhirt1_V ' ‘ W

van . hm.“

.‘l';§"£.”mo'ii.ea’3;'$i
-  tedouthe .—
961 0°93‘,

“Hello, Billy, where are my clothes?” asked '-

Fred.

cabin. I’ll get ’em for you,” answered the lad.
He jumped aboard the_boat and handed Fred
his things one by one.
The professor was now awake. '
“Good-moming, my young friend,”' he said to
Fred, as;he rose and proceeded to don his gar-
ments. “I trust you slept well last night.”
“good-morning. Professor Aldwinkle,” replied
Fred. Yes, sir, I slept like a top.” '
Billy Watkins, seeing that his em loyer was up
began bringing in the breakfast, w ich consisted
of fried bacon and eggs, raw fried potatoes and
coffee. There was also buttered toast made out
of a stale loaf, and crackers. The trio sat down
to the meal and ate it with B relish, the professor
declaring that since he had been out in the
wilds everything tasted good to him, and he had:

' never felt better in his life.

“I suppose you have no desire to return to the

logging camp,” said the professor, looking at.

Fred.
“No, sir; I’m through with that place. I've had

all the experience I want with Superintendent‘
'M§Bee.
_ from is the cook, Sol Scott. He was an eccentric

The only person there I regret parting

old, chap, but he was true blue. He saved my
life on one occasion, and I shall always feel grate-
ful to him.” . '

Fred then told Professor Aldwinklc and Billy
the story of his run-in with Dave Tulley in the

engine-room, which probably would have ended in .-

E tragedy but for the fortunate intervention of
cott. ' i
The professor said he was about to return dawn "
the river to Bangor, Where he had hired Billy and
the sloop, and he would take Fred along if he
wanted to go. This suited our hero exactly.

“I gladly accept your invitation, Professor Ald-~~ r
winkle, and if -I can make myself useful in any “
way enroute I hope you will call upon me,”'he-

“Give me a lift 

reggiitd h n d
_ enoug crie B'lly.
with the anchor,’ will you'._”l’

“Sure, I will.” replied Fred, ‘springing 0% - ‘.7 
Leaving Fred to ﬁnish turning the drum 

roof of the cabin and going forward to the

hoisted the small. anchor, Billy ran up the jib and
then the main-sail. The sloop ﬂoated oil’ into the

middle of the stream. As soon as the anchor was I

aboard‘ and secured, the Bangoryouth took his

place at the tiller and headed the craft down the ‘’

river. The wind was light, so the boat didn’t

make very rapid progress. The young lumber ’

king enjoyed the novelty of the sail very much
indeed. He also en'oyed the professor's conver-
sation, which relat chieﬂy to the experience of
his trip up the river, and his rather unsuccessful-
search for speciments. .

“What do you'think of doing after you regchj
Bangor?” he asked Fred. 

'“Go to work in a lumber yard as soon as Yoga;
find a job, sir.” -

.“I have a friend izrthe‘ lumber business 
_ have 
,rna be able to plltyﬂtlrﬁl woz-kin his yard. 

I .will introduce you to him. I
nk you. sir-"

“Spread out in the sun on the roof of the 

   

. couldn't stand

 

A YOUNG ‘LUMBER KING

getwater, making signs for them to come over

ﬁﬁzziythe boat over, Billy,” said lfrofessor Ald-
winkle. “We'll see what he wants. ’ . __

As the sloop drew near the bank Fred noticed
a familiar look about the’ man. In a few minutes
he re. ized the fellow as Dave Tulley.

“That’s the rascal who tied me to the boiler
in the engine-room and left me face to face with
certain death. For that he was obliged to ﬂy the
camp. He’s a dangerous scoundrel, and I advise
you to have nothing to do with him,” he said to
the professor..

“I don't think I'd care to have such a“ rson
aboard this boat,” replied the naturalist, ut at
the same time it he’s lost in these wilds, and in

danger of starvation, it would be a crime to"

' 9)
&b‘z‘1’lIl“lii‘:1l’shl:?ue,” admitted Fred reluctantly; “but

I warn you he is not to be trusted. If you should
take him as a passenger F011 W_-ant ‘,0 get 1‘1d 0
him as soon as you can, and while he s aboard he

ought to be watched.” " ,
“What do you want, my man? asked Professor

Aldwinkle, as soon as the boat was within easy.

talking distance of the shore. . ,
“I'm lost and fainished for want of somethin
to eat,” replied Tulley in a whining tone. “I want
yer to take me down the river a bit. If yer leave
me here I'll never git out alive.” _
“We're rather crowded for room,” replied the
professor. If we give you some food 031“? 370“ Set
on ourself?” - .
“ aw I couldn't. I’d only wander ’round till
um  gave out and then _I’d turn up my toes,"
replied Tulley in very unamiable tone. W
. «How long have yon been on your way.
“About three days. W
“Where did you comtii f’1;n,1’-
u - 7 Cain _ .
«A I, ‘.1 you 12332 the place and start out on
' t?”
'usl'i'}i8er:'$ll::I§isn€.:!‘l1¢?ent and me didn't bitch. I
bein' made a slave of, so I lit out.”
‘ Du:-in the conversation Fred ke t his face
hiddén 333' much as possible, so that ulley didn't

him.
 mere a boy agt your camp named Fred
mew?” gsked the to essor.
The rascal gavepa start and looked uneasy.
. “Naw " he replied after a pause; “new-1' heard
11- ,' ' n
d“IlS!I!1l;‘t your name Dave Tulley? _ .
The fellow uttered a gasp of surprise and

( showed some, signs of consternation.

“Isn't that your name?” repeated the professor.
“What if it is? How come yer to know me?

never seen yer afore."

“I've got a passenger who‘ knows you.”

“Eh !" ejaculated Tulley. _ .
“. uyes, 1 know you Dave Tulley,” said Fred,
‘ﬁnding up so the rascal was able to get a square
View of him. “and you know me» $00-”

Tulley started back as if stung by some venom-
ous reptile and stared at the boy as if he could

* .‘-judly believe the evidence of his eyes.

 EAPTER IX.—Tulley’s Treachery Meets With

a Fitting Reward.

,,,,..~*'°‘°“°.....? ":.‘.%::5‘o:.".::*.iE.:? 3‘:

._ _,

      

  

13

what to say, for he was alive to the fact that
the boy he had tried to kill in such a ﬁendish
way could hardly be expected to entertain any
kind of feelings toward him. Fred sat down
while Tulley glared across the short stretch of
water at him.

“If ou promise to behave yourself while you’re
aboa I’ll carry you down the river to Norcross
Village, on the railroad,” said Professor Ald-
Winkle. -

“I’ll do the right thing,” replied the ex-ﬁre-
man in a surely tone.

“Take the skiff, Billy, and bring him off,” said
the professor.

The boy obeyed orders and Tulley stepped into
the cockpit.

“We’ve no room for you here, so you can go
forward and squat down against the mast,” said
the naturalist.

“Don’t I get something to eat first?” asked
the rascal, showing his teeth like a famished
hyena. .

“I’ll send something,” answered the professor.

So Tulley went forward and Billy received in-
structions to carry him some food.

Fred steered while Watkins looked after their -

unsavory passenger. An hour later the sloop
entered Parmedecook Lake, a wide stretch of
water which connected with Twin Lakes, whence
the Penobscot River continued its course.

In a straight line Norcross was about ten
miles southeast, but it was all of half again as
far by water. At the rate the sloop was oing
there was no telling when the village would be
reached. By noon the sloop was well across the
lake and close in to the southwestern shore, where
the lake narrowed. .

“We’ll put in yonder, anchor and have dinner,”
said the professor.

“All right, sir,” said Billy. “What's to be
the bill-of-fare?” ‘
“What can you get up?”

“Fried eggs, . fried
canned corned beef, c ned corn, and several
other things includin’ coffee,” replied the youth.

“We’ll omit the eggs, and you may serve up
the rest,” said Professor Aldwinkle.

They anchored close in shore, and Billy did his

» cooking on top of the trunk roof of the cabin.

When dinner was ready the naturalist and Fred
adjourned to the cabin, where the table was

_ spread, while Billy carried Tulley his share of

the provender. The Bangor youth left the oil
stove outside while he entered the cabin to eat
his dinner, as he intended to heat water to wash
the dishes with.

While the party was taking things easy in the
cabin they heard the rascally passenger in '
about on the roof above their heads. They pai
little attention to his movements, as they did

not anticipate any mischief on his part. They;
expected .t_o got rid of him within a couple of

hours at any rate. A few minutes later Tulley
dropped down into the cockpit and stuck his head
in at the door.

“Say, kid, I want to see yer. a minute,” he
said. addressing Billy.

“What do you want?” asked Watkins, coming
to the door.

“Step outside and I’ll show yer somethin’I”

Suspecting nothing, Billy stepped out into the  .

cockpit. The moment he was clear of-‘the 

gtatoes, ‘ potted tongue,’

   
 
 

  
   
  
     
 
    
    
 
  
 
      
  

door Tulley sleinniedit shut- and turned the key
.3!!! it, liiiids niﬁsing prisoners of Fred and Pro-
'* «sot win e. —
.'V"‘Now, you blamed little sea cog ,” cried Tulley,
» utting t e key in his pocket, -go forward” and
ist the anchor, or I ll chuck you overboard.
- ‘ “What!” gasped Billy in amazement.
’- ‘“H’ist the anchor and do it quick,ﬁor I’1ll kick‘
' stuﬂin’ t f e ," a'd Tulley erce y.
th?‘Oh, comemrliovg, nbnre ofs ylour tricks. Open that
 ﬁnd get back where you belong,” replied
rl‘thﬁIl)?)n.'t yer give me npne of yer back sass_or
it'll be wuss for yer,” Saldthe rascal giving B5113’
‘la clout in the jaw that sent him staggering
. against the door (E the  “I’,in boss of this
’ tnowsoyou oas you. _ _ ./
v Billy, seeing he had no show, and Judging that
discretion was the better part ‘of valor, eaped
‘on the roof of the cabin and retired to the bows
of the sloop. By this time Professor Aldwinkle
and Fred were satisﬁed that something_ was wrong
=~outside. The latter sprang from his seat and
mad‘ th d ’ .
' “It's ‘faast),(’)’rhe saidglooking at the naturalist.
‘ "“Call out to Billy,” said the professor. .
“Hey, Billy," shouted the young lumber king:
‘pounding 03 the door to emphasize his summons,
gen the oor.” ’
' Shut up in there,” replied the voice of Tulley.

   

  

     
     
   
  
 

his up some mischief. He has uh caged in here
ru_id~we can’t help ourselves." .
,4 ,“My goodness!” exclaimed Professor Aldwinkle,
 at Fred. / _ . _
“This is what you get for taking ity on that
allow. He has no more conscience t an a coffin
 ' I ‘never thought he'd have a chance to

' y any tricks on us during the short run to
- mross. I don't see what he hopes to gain by
doing us up this way; but he must have some
‘ ‘ * - . - n i

\ . SW. 0 _
5} rdagilgt ‘that I took him abroad,” replied the

  
  

  

   

Weought never to have given him the chance
‘ call the turn on us. We were careless, and
pose have got to pay for it.” 
Atthat. moment the heard a scufﬂ ‘g on the
“of the cabinan then a heavy splash in
water. - ‘ ’

   

   

   

       
    
      
   
     

that moment a key was th .
the slide shot back, disclosing Billy with a
uni hant grin on his freckled countenance.
 l” exclaimed Fred. “We thought that
.1 ad thrown you into the water.”
‘ ' . It was me that threw him in,” re-
. '1: youth. ‘ ; _
.You did!” cried Fred stepping, out“ into the
‘t,« follqwcd/by the naturalist. .._How did
i ever do it?" . _' .- _
‘ tried a ‘Japanese grip on him and he went
 ..so easy it made me.laugh," said Billy.
looked around for Tulley, and saw him
_'ng from the ‘water upon the bank,
I eaquareu'zmm::lfh I you "you young viper’;
. . .3 9
‘I «' atiJatkins..”Andwithy0u.
35, ‘ ct

   
     
  

  
 

    
      
    
      

  

   
 

I x YOUNG LUIIJBER KING ."

“Good gracious!” ejaculated Fred. “That rascal-'

‘ CHAPTER X.—Fred Goes to Work In a
, Yard.

 

ﬁratchaace.

    
  

._.

Billy put his thumb to his nose and wiggletk
his ﬁngers derisively. That expressive bit‘ of
pantomime ‘made Tulley furious. He picked up .
a handful of damp earth and ﬂung it at the boy. 
Billy dodged and shouted.back:

“Did you ever get left?’’

Tulley hunted around for a stone, and ﬁnding

‘.“« ‘. 3

one let it ﬂy at the Bangor lad. His aim was

poor and Billy didn't even have to dodge the
missile. v ’

“Hoist the anchor and let us get away from
here,” said Professor Aldwinkle.

Fred and Billyran forward to turn the drum,
and while, they were winding in the anchor rope
the ex-ﬁreman pelted themwith s:o.ies and clods .
of earth. As soon as the anchor broke ground ‘ ;
the sloop began to drift out of range of the". ‘-
infuriated rascal. Billy hastened to hoist the ,2 
jib and mainsail.

The light wind caught the sails and the boat ‘ ,
was. headed off shore. Tulley could'be seen "
shaking his fist at them every once in a while, _. V
and there wasn’t any doubt but he was sweai'-  '
ing to beat the band. '2

“I’m mighty glad we’ve got rid of him,” said ,
Fredl. “Billy turned the tables on him very 
neat y.” .'
_ "Bet your life. I made him turn a regular '
somerset,” chuakled Billy. “The best of it wus _
he dropped the key of the door out of his pocket
as he went overboard.”

“Hepromised to behave himself on board, too,”
said Professor Aldwinkle. “I'm afraid such men‘
have little regard for their word.”

“I told you he was not to be trusted, sir,”
said Fred. 1 .

“So you did, but I thou ht—we1l, well, he fell,
into the pit he dug for ot ers. We would have
taken him to -Norcross. Now he'll have to walk
there, and that will take him many hours.” -»

“He is fortunate in being on the right sidg i,
of the lake, for you said, I think, that the village a‘ .
is on this side of the Penobscot. Had he been , .
left to his own resources on the other bank he
would have been worse oﬁ, I guess." ‘

“Very much so,” replied the professor.

By this time Tulley had disappeared among the 77“
trees, while the boat was in the middle of the

  

   
    
   
         
    
  
  
        
     

      
 
     

  
  

 
   
      
         
  
        
      
  
  

arm. of the lake which connected with
Lakes. The breeze was better now than it was,
during the morning, and the sloop made fair
progress through the water. ‘ is

In a short time the boat was skimming the
surface of the north twin and was rapidly ap-'
proaching Norcross, where the Bangor & Aroose
took Railroad crossed the stream on a bridge.

  

  

\

 
 

L"
. .

The sloo r'eached Norcross in due‘t' 
remained t ere only long enough for Pro
Aldwinkle to procure fresh supplies for the.
inary department, then the boat resumed its»
down the Penobscot. : ‘ ‘ . .

We: will not dwell upon the _trip from
place téohthe cit gt“?
111011130 SPF“ 9 ﬂu“

»11:'i: as  thy

‘ m.» ‘i

 
  
  

    
  
 
    
    
    
 
  
   
    
   
 
   
     
    
  

raturned the sloop to its owner and hied himself

It for hisservices, and pressing a $10 bill on
Fm to‘ enable him to keep his head above water
ztfll-'(l31:llg:t? tliiamﬁgiiggr iioggé tomorrow at nine,”
he said to Fred after garting from the boys, “and
} willlutake y(1>1ll aroun to my friend Wheeler, the
um 1- ant.” . A
~ Fred lgllfﬁﬁilsed to be on hand, and the ‘pro-
_ away.

“sfllovza Billy,” said Fred, “I don’t know the
ﬁrst thing about this town, so I hope you will
help me ou_."

 enz-
pa‘J‘:t1c lar? ”
: v I want to ﬁnd a cheap hotel.
-.“What for?” . . _
“To put utp‘ at for 3. day or two till I kind of

used,to e ropes.
_,geP-‘G’wan! You don’t want no hotel. You can
‘ sla_eep~with me on the sloop for the present. I ve
ﬁlfendéiigiiﬁi lﬁiéeinfutl ‘l’:"§§§'rZ“i‘i." aailﬂiii
to ‘break that _bill the professor gave you, you
cangio it at the restaurant when we go to sup-
Vﬂliﬂl‘.
“I accept your invitation, Billy. You’re a good
little chap and I shan't forget whatever you do
for mes Some day I'll be rich and then. ” _
w“How do you expect to get rich?” chipped in
~ gtkn-ls. . , _
By working my way up in the _world,” re-
 Fred, who, of_course, h2td_no intention of
; ‘ g his companion know his real circum-
ﬁnes.

V The two boys’ returned aboard the sloop, which
 tied up to a small 'wha_.rf..on the river front
of Banson ' I , . g ,
ywhile they talked together Fred was taking
33! the sights of the place as far_ as the lay
within his range of vision. .He was _ eat y in-
, in all he saw, and asked illy many
I ' "about Bangor. Billy had been born
 d, knew the lace from A to Z,, so he
lasgoodasaguiebooktoFed.-_ -
»1'hey took their supper at a neai-my‘ restaurant,
then Billy roposed that they, , e;n a show
the Opera use. Fred agreed to‘ go with
_After the show they returned to the sloop
.- :turned in. ‘N

Do you want to go any place in

   

  
    

   
  
 
  
   

     
  

 
     
    
   

  

:£{hg.Iat,ter asked for Professor Aldwinkle. The
r had just gone into the reading-room,

‘ - the clerk told the boys to go there. The
" ' r ‘st‘shook hands with Fred and Billy when

  
 
         

  
 
  

presented themselves before him. ,
it down,” he said to’ Fred.‘ “I want to ﬁn-
the morning paper and then I'll be ready to
you to my friend_ Wheeler.”

Billy and Fred sat down andawaited Pro-
Aldwink1e’s convenience. At the -end of

 
  
 

Whlheeler Lumber Yard, down on the

_—wh'eela:_y)as’athis uiesigtiid receivedthe

FAME AND FORTUNE  WEEKLY

to‘ ahotel, after paying Billy the amount ‘agreed

_ could ﬁnd out from him.”

. sloop.

ext morning after breakfast’
1 - piloted Fred to the Bangor House, where *

w, e Billy remained outside on the

is ‘_ 

' 'll‘1he lu(1i1'1l.‘;31l" mercfiiant looked at the boy crit-
ica y an en sai : _

“_I suppose you’ve had no experience at the
business?” ’

’‘‘No, sir:’ but I worked a short time in a log-
ging dcamp ulptnegrnghesuncook bbakeihand I
ic e up a o o 1 ormation a out e wa
lulsligiesskis carried on there,” replied‘ the young
u er mg. ,

Fred did not state how long he was at the
camp, but Mr. Wheeler seemed to consider the «
fact a recommendation ‘in a way. 

“Well,” he said, “you look like a strong and '
intelligent boy, and as one of my hands has just’ '
left I’ll take you on, especially as Professor Ald-
winkle seems desirous of placing you. You 
ztarrtn right away. Are you a stranger in Ban-

or. '

“Yes, sir.”

“Where are you stopping?”

“On board a small sloop at one of the wharves
along the river.” ’

“What wharf?” . ‘

“I couldn’t tell you that; but Billy Watkins . *
who belongs to her as keeper, is outside, and E 
_ “It isn't important. I only wished to know if i 
it was far 1? here, and if you could ﬁnd,your I I
way back an forth if you were going to  
aboard of her a while.” ' ‘ 

“Oh, I don’t expect to remain long on the
I shall look for lodgin as close to the
yard as possible,” replied F ; ‘ ,

“You will have no trouble in ﬁnding what 11 _
want right in this neighborhood," said 2’. i
Wheeler. “We knock 01? in the yard ,at six’
o'clock, so you might step outside and tell your‘
friend William to come back here at that hour
and show you the way back to the sloop.» ‘1‘al:e,»'-  .‘
note of the way and the location of the yard, aindf ‘ ‘
then -you will be able to ﬁnd your way here with- ,
out diﬁiculty in the morning.” ‘ I

Fred went outside and told Bing that he wasp
going to work_in the lumber yar right away,
and that he wished he would come after him at
six o’clock. Billy promised to be on hand and *
thely ai-ted for the time being. Mr. Wheeler 
too red to his foreman and introduced him.» 
as a new employee. _‘

‘fshow him the ropes, Smith. I da .
will find him both industrious and carisaliliey. yfi —
any rate, he's been highly recommended‘ by a
friend of mine who wishes to see him pushed-
ahead as fast as his capabilities warrant.’ .

“C°me 3101181 Drew; I’ll show you around”the ‘

~i be

       
    
       
   
   
    
      
  

   
        
       
         
   
   
 
   
     
   
       
  

   
     
  
 
 

a

yard and give you a l ‘d f 1;
expected of you,” saidetlieeyiodegaaii W at ml

 

Twenty minutes later_ Fred was helpin to
an express wagon with light buildin  Whm
noontime came around ones of theﬁumds showed
Fred a restaurant in the neighborhood, and 
boy went there for his dinner. Work was
suﬁnsetd inblthe agid ﬁwdonle, and fzéom then till they
wi es ew r apen tooanda ‘ 1‘
himself to Smith's satisfacttilin. ' mum‘

Billy was standing on the sidewalk whentho
Yogﬁg’ llllélber kirlii leg: the ‘yard. k d W ‘ 
ow oyou e°o.”ase a"

“First-rate." o J y ' 
“Hard work, ain't it?" ‘ ' M ,

“I dozftwd that.” - " .  

   
    

    
 
  

  
 
 
 
     
 

  
  
       
     
  
  

 

   

  

, -wanted to be thorough!

~16

loaﬁn’ around that sloop all day. It makes a
ffeller dead lazy, and there ain’t much in it. I
wouldn't mind goin’ up or down the river on an-
other trip, partic’ly if I was as well paid and as
well treated as I was by the professor,” said
Billy, feeling the little wad of bills in an inside
pocket.

“You don’t always go off in the sloop, do you?”

“Nope. Only when the parties want some one
to work the boat.” .

“Where do you stay when the sloop is_ away?”

“Any old place. After this, as long as my
money holds out, I'll hire a bed.”

“I’m going to rent a room near the yard. You
can bunk in with me when you haven’t the boat
to fall back on.” I

“I’d like that first rate; but you don’t need no
‘room as long as the sloop is at the wharf.”

So it was agreed between them that Fred was
to sleep on the boat as long as the opportunity
oﬁered, and after that Billy would hang out with
‘his new friend.

1

CHAPTER XI.—'l‘he Midnight Intruder.

“Who do ou s’pose I seen this afternoon cruis-
hi’ around t e wharves?” said Billy about a week
later. -'-—-

“How should I know?” re lied Fred
“He’s a friend of yours, ’ grinned Watkins.
“A friend of mine!”
“Yep-—Dave Tulley.”
“You saw him?”

‘ -“Sure’s you're alive.”

“Did he see you?” '

‘ “Dunno. If he did he didn’t let on. Guess he's

afraid of my Japanese grip,” chuckled Billy.

“I don’t want to meet him. If I did I'm afraid

there’d be trouble.” ‘ _ _
“He, wouldn’t dare do nothin’ to you in this
wn

“I don’t kn w about that.
rascal. _
I escaped being blown up that time.”

“And he's got it in for me bec_ause I.dumped
him into the lake, but I ain’t afraid of him,” and
Bill snappedhis ﬁngers to show his contempt of

He’s a. vindictive

’ »Tul ey. ’

The boys were eatingtheir suppers at a restau-
rant near the wharf where the sloop lay. Fred
was gettin on tip-top at the lumber yard, and
being an 0 serving boy, as well as ambitious, he
was picking up the business fast.

He was learning to recognize the different
kinds of wood; to understand their value with re-
lation to their particular uses; to get a line on
their wholesale and retail prices, and a whole
lot of other information which most boys would
not have taken the trouble to inform themselves
about. Fred, as the reader is aware, had a more
important object in view than his weekly wages.
He did not propose to remain a laborer in the
lumber ard any longer than he could help. He
intends; to work himself up—to learn all he could
about the business in as short a time as possible.

When the time came for him to take his place_

at the head of his own extensive business he
competent to be able to
‘direct aﬁairs in the ri t way.

“My future rests with in self,” he_ thought.
“I am not et nineteen, ‘and e world is still be-
ﬁnnnme. _ fl I-take_the best use of my oppor-

_ _i J

  
 

 

AA YOUNG LUMBER KING /~

He se ms to have it in for me because.

 

V

.,x“
. ‘WVN

tunities now the gain will be mine. Most of the
men in this yard are .just plodding alon intent
only on putting in their ten hours a y and
drawing their wages Saturday afternoon. Seems
to me if they had tried to learn the ins and outs
of the business, as I am trying to'do, they would
be a whole lot better oﬂ’ to—day. I heard that
Mr. Wheeler himself started out as a boy in a
lumber yard, without a cent. Now look at him.
He’s a rich man, owns this proﬁtable business, and
he lives, I'll bet, in a swell house.”

Fred didn’t see any reason whysuccess should
not come to him if he worked for it, just as he
readily understood why fortune never rightfully
comes to the shiftless and lazy boy, or the boy
who hasn’t the gumption to tackle the problem
of his future in the right way.

The world is full of industrious and honest
plodders. These form the great army of average
workmen; but they seldom rise above their level.
But some boys grasp the opportunities that come
to them and consequent] move up the ladder of
success, rung by rung, till in time the reach the
top. It is within the power of most 0 our young
readers to do likewise. Ask your parents or
guardians if it is not so. When Fred and Billy
returned to the sloop after their supper they sat
in the cockpit and talked about such things as
usua1ly'interest boys of their position in the
world. As darkness fell upon the river and the
neighborhood, lights ﬂashed out along shore from
the shipping and from hundreds of houses. The
little wharf stood apart from the rest of the docks,
and was silent and deserted at that hour. Nine
o’clock came around and Fred, who was tired with
his day's work, said he guessed he would turn in.
Billy didn’t feel like retiring at that early hour.

His day had been spent in enforced idleness, so
he decided to hunt up some of his friends of the
nﬁighborhood and put in a couple of hours with
t em.

“Lock yourself in and hang the key on that nail
close to the bull's-eye winder over my bunk. I

kin get it by lying down on the roof and shovin’ .-

my hand in through the openin’,” he said to Fred.

‘‘All right,” replied Fred. So Billy jumped on
the wharf and strolled, whistling, away with his
hands in the pockets of his jeans. The clock of
a church in the vicinity was striking the hour of
eleven, and Fred was sleeping as sound as a
when a burly ﬁgure slouched down the whar .
toward the sloop. It was Dave Tulley. Hehad
recognized both the sloop and Billy that after-
noon, and the recollection of what the Bangor
youth had done -to him on the shore of Parme-
decook Lake came vivid] before his mind, and
he resolved to get back at that lad without un-
necessary delay. By making a" few inquiries in
the neighborhood he learned that Billy sle t
aboard the craft. He did not ﬁnd out that Bil y
had a companion. Tulley approached the sloop
cautiously and reconnoitered her.

The door was shut and everything was still
about her. He judged that Billy was aslee in-
side. Stepping into the tockpit, he felt o the
door and saw that it was fast.

v

'.o.

‘s:

‘.
4

“He’s locked himself in,” muttered the ex—ﬁre- «-_l
man. “I reckon I'll soon get through that lock."

He pulled a heavy chisel from under his j
jammed the ‘Point of the blade into the crack near
the lock an tried to pry the sliding door back.‘

While he was thus employed the young lumber’
! - * . s _ rr

    

 "I- ' r=-A »y'rgv,v1-J-'.v_p_i««.-' w» - ~ ‘\_~-- -

 

 
 

__, (‘\

 

— _h'de swe t him under the wharf

 

' the best of the occupant of the cabin.
‘to wait till the numbness got out of his arm, too.

. injured member.

A YOUNG LUMBER KING

king woke up. ’ His sharp ears detected the noise
at the oor, and at first he thought it was Billy
letting imself in. The sound, however, was not
like the rattling of a ke in the lock, but rather
that of slitting wood un er pressure. He sprang
out of his bunk, looked at the nail on which he had
left the key and saw that it was stillthere.
“That isn’t Billy, but somebody trying to force
his way in,” he muttered. “I must give him a
D!

scare.

He took the key down, picked up a club_ they
kept for protection against intruders and slipped
over to the door. Softly inserting the key in the
lock, he turned it. Tulley had. paused to take a
rest preparatory to fresh exertion. Once more
he stuck the chisel into the crack and bent all his
stren on it. The door slid back so easily and
that he lost his balance and struck his
head against the side of the opening. The chisel
fell into the cabin and one of the _rascal’s arms
followed it in. Fred saw his chance and brought
the club down on the upper part of his arm with
1 force that wrung a howl of pain from the man.

Tulley was something of a coward and _he
turned to make his escape. Fred ste ped outside
and whacked him full on the back wi the cudgel.
The rascal fell _over in a heap in the cockpit, howl-
ing and swearing.

Fred jumped back into the cabin and drew the .

dior nearly to, watching Tulley through the crack.

The scoundrel scrambled up and looked toward
the door. He expected to see Billy standing there
with a stick in his hand, instead of which the door
seemed to be closed _again._ He was furious, for
his arm and back pained him considerably. And,
what was even worse, he did not see how he could
get back at his intended victim. _ _ . ”
‘T11 get square with you, you little villain!

roared

he . ,
No response came to his threat. After glaring
in impotent rage at the door, he got on to the
wharf and began to meditate how he could get
He wanted

He swore under his breath as _he rubbed the
h What he didn’tFint§nd tit‘) (tiiohtp

‘ ‘ ’ mentionin . re po e is
 oliftl <t>f ?l(i)¢ftdOor and loolged at him. He had
recognized the rascal. Tulley thought it was
Bill ’s face he saw, as the night was dark. _
~ “$11 ﬁx you, you young varmint!” he hissed,
shakin ‘his ﬁst at Fred. _

At t at moment Billy himself came down the
wharf. As he drew near the sloop he saw the
intruder ‘bent over toward the boat. Knowing the
man had no business there, though at the moment
he did not recognize him as Tulley, he uttered a‘
loud yell and jumped forward. Tulley, startled
by the unexpected and sudden onset in his rear,
turne around and started back. He stumbled
upon he string-piece, lost his balance,_and with
‘loud yell fell backward, clutching fruitlessly at

- the spile-head, into the river-

APTER XII.-—Fred’s Unexpected Meeting
 with Sol Scott.

The rascal went under with a loud splash. The

other si e. -
mfﬁeésl Help!” ‘lg; shoiﬁed, as he came up and
V  about in e wa r.

   
  

and out at‘ the .

I

.17

Billy ran over to look for him, but the fellow
was so far beyond his reach that he could not help
him. Then he turned toward the sloop, intending
to get the oars out of the cabin and go to the
man's assistance in the skiff which ﬂoated from
the stern of the bigger boat. Then it was he saw
Fred standing in the cockpit in an airy costume.

“Did Tulley fall in the water?" asked Fred.

::¥7as that Tulley?" asked Billy.

es.”

“He fell in, all right. I’ve got to help him out,
I s’pose, though I hate to do it,” said Billy.

“He’s caught hold of one of the spiles of the
next wharf and the night watchman is helping
him out,” replied Fred.

“I’m glad of it. Let’s
tell me what happened.” 4

They entered the cabin, secured the door, and
then Fred explained to Billy all that had tran-
spired from the moment he woke up and heard
the noise at the door.

“Gee ! You handed it out hotto him,” cried
Billy delightedly. “The bath he got in the river
oug t to finish him. If I see him hangin’ around
this neighborhood I'm goin’ to have him arrested
for tryin’ to break into the cabin of the sloop. If
he knows what's good for himself he'll keep
away."

Fred ho ped into bed and Billy did likewise,
and in a ittle while both were asleep. Tulley
was pulled out of the water by the night watch-
man of the next wharf. He told h'ilnnI!‘:".'u'er that
he had fallen into the river by accident. The
watchman advised him to get a stiﬂ’ horn of
whisky at a nearby saloon and then go home and
get into bed. Tulley walked into the saloon, drip-
ping like a dog just out of the water.

He called for several whiskies and then started
for his lodgings. He tock more whiskies on the
way, so that by the time he reached his room he
was more than half drunk. He was in an ugly
temper as well. He made so much noise that one
of the other lodgers remonstrated with him. A
scrap was the result and both were arrested. At
the examination the next morning the magistrate
decided that all the blame lay with Tulley, and
he sent him to the workhouse for six months; For
that reason Fred and Billy didn’t see him any
more, though they were on their guard against
another visit from the rascal. Fred continued to
give great satisfaction at the lumber yard, and
Mr. Wheeler, in replying to a letter from Profes-
sor Aldwinkle, wrote the naturalist that the boy
was turning out one of the best hands he had ever
had in his yard. °

Thus time passed, summer came and Billy went
oﬂ’ on a long tri in the sloop, which fact com-
pelled the young umber king to secure other lodg-
ings for himself. Billy was gone three months.
On his return the sloop was sold and that threw
him out of his sinecure. Fred hired a lar er room
with two beds and took Billy with him. emade

get inside and you can

the Bangor youth look for another job at once.
— Billy ‘wasn't stuck on working while he had mon . '

in his clothes, but Fred, who had great inﬂuence
with him, talked him into giving up his old tricks

for good. The lad soon caught on with the bill .» -

6

poster of the Opera House, and after that ,he '

worked steadily. Thus six months passed away

altogether since Fred landed in Bangor, and£:  

had become assistant foremar in the yard.

    
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
    
  
 
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   

— wages were now higher than the amounts paid
4 '_.to many men who had been in Mr. Wheeler's em-
' . ., plug for several ears.
~;.- A ‘ _ e had earn his promotion not only by strict
~ _ ‘attention to his duties, but by the knowledge of
the business he had picked up in one way or an~'
, other. He had made /himself an important factor
in the yard, and stood high in his employer's good
opinion. It was about this time that Dave Tulley
was released from the workhouse. He had never
forgotten the grudge he had against Fred and
' Billy, the latter particularly. He had viewed a
,—~_nundred times in prison that he would get square
f on the small youth if he didn't on the other. The
first thing he did therefore was to go to the wharf

he could get a line on Billy. He learned of the
sale of the boat and the disappearance'of her
, young keeper. He was greatly disappointed, for
It looked to him as if he would lose his revenge
fatter all.
_ " That same day, Fred, on his way back to the
"  yard after dinner, ran smack against an elderly
 man coming toward him. The man slipped and
~ ‘fell to the flagging.
 ‘.'I beg your pardon,” began Fred. “I didn't
‘ see——why, Sol Scott, is it really you?”

 looked up in some surprise and then scrambled

_—on his feet. He stood» and stared at Fred almost
" incredulously. '
 “Sonny, this isii’t your ghost, is it?” he said.
7".“Ghost! What put that into your head? I
-- think I must look like a pretty healthy ghost," re-
gplied the boy laughingly.
' . “Why, I thought you were dead. The men who
were telling trees on the bluff the afternoon Silas
’~**l;fcBee took you out of the engine-room, accused
‘you of stealing $200 from him, and tried to make

confess by having you tied to a tree over-
kin’ the river, reported that McBee carried
flaattérs a bit too far. In his attempt to scare
agner, followin’ his orders, cut too far
jnitothe tree, which snapped off and carried you
-down into the river. An eﬁort was made to save
you, ‘but, it failed, and so everybody believed you
were drowned ” - I

_‘‘'.!—'he fact that you are talking to me now is
good evidence that! was not drowned,”
Fred. “I escaped’ drowning as well a's
‘I ‘tion through, a fortunate combination of
, ~g-cuiustances which landed me in this town and
‘me a ﬁrst-‘rate job in yonder lumber yard.
tstune for me to getiback to, work, so I cannot
, with you any longer just" now; but if you
fltell me where you are stopping ‘I will call on‘
-and tell you my story.” A
Ivarn second cook at the Passamaquoddy Inn
ﬂank Street,_a [pretty high-toned neighbor-

  

  

  

  
 
   

  
 

ttﬁlght if you can.” A A
_, ,’f said‘ Fred and then they parted.
* Passamaquoddy Inn was situated in the
at the wealthy residents of Bangor, and
‘ion in iry, found that a street car would
A  wi in in few blocks of the place. Shortly
 his supper_he.star_tad for the
¢,-.Ha_.:£oundi.t without"d1lllcn.lt¥. but had to
rnghiﬁmtiljol  pg duty. {flu cook

   
   

  
  
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 where the sloop formerly was moored to see if-

J ;; It was the cook of the logging camp. The man .

~ pads and their object [meant robbery.

'3  have a room there. Comeyup and see.-

 

with him, Sol declaring repeatedly thatfﬁ did hit .
old eyes good to see his young friend once more ' .',
in the land of the living. , r ‘

“I am glad to know that you have landed in 3' W
good berth,” he said, “and that you are comin*.—
on in the world. I have quite a few things to tell "
you, too, and one is I’ve come into a legacy.” _ .

“A legacy!” exclaimed Fred in surprise. . ;

“A law ﬁrm of this city has been lookin’ for ‘
me a long time. A relative of mine I hadn’t seen 7
for years died and left me some forest land in - ‘
the northern part of this State, bordering on one v;
of the tributaries of the Penobscot River. The ' f
lawyers say the property, which cost my relative
hardly anything, is quite valuable now,” said the
cook, who did not show any indication of a swelled
head over his good fortune.

“My goodness! You’re lucky.
you.” »

“I never expected to be well off. I can_hardly »
realize that 1 am, or will be, as soon as the laws,
yers settle the matter up.” V -.

“What do you expect to do with your property —..«$-k
Sell it?" asked Fred. ‘ . '3',

“I don’t know. I shouldn’t know what to do 
with a lot of money if I had it. I have never 'i‘-‘'
been used to much prosperity." ‘ ' . 

“You ought to make it turn you in an income in - ‘
some way.”’

“I will consider the matter after I get 
sion of the prope ty,” replied Sol without any
enthusiasm in his one. “Whatever I do, sonny,‘ 
I shall have an eye on your future. I intend to ’ "
help you along, as..I haven’t anybody else in the
world in whom I am interested.” ‘

It was close on to midnight when Fred left the
old man’s room and started for his lodgings.’ He
was walking along on the shady side of the prins W‘,
cipal residential street of Bangor, when he saw '-‘:3
a gentleman and a young lady approaching up at s "
side street. They did not specially attract his 
notice, and he would not have given thexna ‘V ,».,.._«,gi
thought had he not suddenly noticed the suspicion! '
actions of two men who were standing close to'the'_ «L. _
corner they would have to pass. , . 

Fred stopped, for he had an idea something
was going to happen. Something did happen.a__s"
soon as the gentleman and his companion reached?
the corner. The two men sprang suddenly upon:
them, one seizing the young‘ lady and choking of!
a‘ half-uttered scream, while the other attacked
her escort. Apparently the two rascals were foot-

I congratulate  ' fl‘,

 

 
 

 
     
     
   
    
       
    
 
    

  

    
       
      
     
    
     
    
    
   

CHAPTER XIII.+Fred and Jennie Wheeler,

It did not take Fred but a moment toinake up‘?
his mind to go to the assistance of the percent;
attacked. The fact that he would have two rag:
cals to contend with who might be armed, while;
he didn't have anything at all in the shape of.
weapon, did not coolhis resolve. e- 1 _,_~

Hews: strong,and_‘active.and._could..use'ltis » '
with some sl:ill.»8‘1)¢",l!8iﬁ.d°|."lI¢'V|l8 ﬁll?‘ - *

ﬁrdsrped-I¢raIs=

  
    
     
  
 

  
 
    

    

 M.

 

upon the fellow who had hold of the young lady,

" who seemed to be about ﬁfteen years of age.

- “Biff! He landed a sledge-hammer blow on the

___-E I 1-as_cal’s jaw, sending him staggering against a
‘  and causing him to release the girl, who

‘shrank back. As Fred followed up his attack he
 caught a good view of his antagonist. _He expe-
rienoed a shock of surprise as he recognized Dave
Tulley. Tulley also knew him, and with an. ex-
. clamation of rage jumped at him. _Fred avoided
‘a swinging blow and planted’ one himself on the
point of the man's chin, sending him to the walk
dazed and knocked out. Seeing that Tulley made
no immediate effort to get up Fred turned his at-
tention to the other footpad who was having 50139
trouble to overcome the gentleman.

Smack! Fred slugged him under the ear and
he ,went down as though hit by a club. The boy
then stood over him ready to repeat the blow as
soon as the man tried to get up. _ .

“Oh, father, father!” cried the girl, running

’ ' to the gentleman's arms.

‘ “You blamed imp!” roared the second rufﬁan,
making a swipe at Fred as he started to rise.
“I'll kill you!” '

The boy avoided the blow and jabbed him a

, short undercut on the side of his bulldog Jaw that

 sent him sprawling on'ce more. . _

" Tulley was now recovering his faculties and

; started‘ to help his companion. The gentleman

- interfered in so energetic a way that the_ex-ﬁre-
man hauled oﬂ’. Fred followed his man right up,
giving him no time’ to get up. He slugged him

. -for the third time in the eye» and then seized
him by the collar of his. Jacket. It was apparent

. ‘that neither of the rascals was armed, 01‘ thsiy

1* would have drawn their weapons before this.

5' Tulley, seeing.he could not help his associate, and

. fearing that a policeman might Show 111). t001< 170

. his heels and disappeared down the street. The
igvntleman then heiped Fred hold the other foot-

‘ pad. -Then it was that the unexpected reco 1-

tion took place. The gentleman D1”°Ved "9 be 1'-

! I .
_   ‘i1snptlg1?ryou?” said the lumber

)

  

' '.:'i':’-"':“-7'.'»;'s.-..-nu-.r«'»-‘”*.=~' -iv! '1' '‘)‘"'‘‘*.7i'’'‘

5
E”
‘:
E‘
I

 

no

 ,- merchant in surprise‘!-h d km in time to
:.: u - . ne a g _ _
‘ .  ?du.S#Wl?al:d are gvgpgoing to do with this

I. _ Q"
’“ chgﬁhrch him to my house. It’s only a few steps
52 away.” . ‘ . d
1; F The ruﬁian resisted their efforts, but when Fre’
.; ‘I threatened to punch him in the Jaw if he didlt
 3° 9“‘°“-""’° ..°‘€»?€.:?.3::“ﬁLii‘..¥a.¥i...h was .
Reaching
,1‘ handsome dwelling in the midstof a _s acious
 lawn, they marched the footpagi up to a si e door.
-* «Go into my lifbrary, J1 ennie, said Mr. Wheeler,
~ ‘« . ceman. ,
 §a'!.["'}1lete]'elgh}?:Sete!(lJ:dat(?o db as her father bade her.
 In a ew minutes she came to the door and said
C‘: eon le of oﬁcers would 'be sent at once. Mr.
-‘ » er and Fred conversed until the policemen
5%.“?  but they were careful to give their prisoner
!'*"’*"~'np chance to get away. He was handed _over to
the oﬂicers on the charge of attempted highway
robbery, and the iumberman told the policemen
, he ad his etiinployee _wou1l;i attemtihthehmag-
.%ate’conrt' emormng ress ecarge-
‘ 3:. «Tu: -i8‘my1nd.gugh.ter,” said-. . Wheeler, 1!!-

._, V,’

 

  

      
      

A YOUNG LUMBER KING — I9

troducing Fred, after the oficemen had taken the
footpad away. “We are lgith under great obliga-
tions to you for coming to our aid.”

“Gladdt% mgke yﬁur aciiutgigotance, Miss Wheel-
er,” sai re wit a po 1 w.

The girl -bowed and smiled at the good—looking

y- =

“I won't forget your plucky conduct, Drew,”
said the merchant. “I am rather glad it was
you, one of my employees, to whom we are so
much indebted. It will give me the better 0
portunity to testify my appreciation in some sub:
stantial way.” ‘ -

“That's all right, Mr. .Wheeler. Don't worry
about repaying me in any way. Your thanks are
sufficient. It was my duty to interfere, and it is
an added satisfaction to know that I was able to
render my employer a special service.”

Mr. Wheeler shook him warmly by the hand‘

and then Fred took his leave." Next morning
Fred and Mr. Wheeler appeared against the foot-
pad and he was held for trial.

Fred gave the police a description of Tulley,
and men were sent out to locate and arrest him.

The rascal, however, avoided capture by leav-
ing the city early in the morning, but he swore
to get even with Fred at the first chance. On the
following day Jennie Wheeler paid a visit to her
father’s lumber yard, something she hadn’t done

‘ before in months.

The object of her visit was to meet Fred again,
as his plucky conduct against the footpads, as well
as his good-looking face, and the high wa her
father spoke about the lad, greatly attracte her.
Her father happened to be away, so she walked
out into the yard. She found Fred directing a
gang of -three men who were ‘loading a big truck
with boards of extra width. Fred recognized her
and bowed courteously. She smiled sweetlyi and
asked him a few unimportant questions about the
wood that was being put on the truck. The fact
that she was his employer's daughter, and was
dressed in‘ swell style, made Fred rather shy about
following up the opening she had made for him.
Finally she said:

“You were. very brave to step in and attack
those two men night before last. I noticed that

ou handled yourself in a fearless way. I don't
ow what father and I should have done but for
your timely appearance. I had much of my jewel

ry on, for we had attended a reception a few \

blocks from our home. Mother was not feeling well,
so she did not come with us. We did not think it
worth While to use our carriage, for the distance
was so short. I preferred to walk, anyway.
There is little doubt that we would have been
robbed of everything we had, so I want you to
know that I am very grateful to you.”

Fred bowed and blushed a bit'under the be— ‘

Witching look she gave him. He felt somethin
like a ﬁish out of water in the‘ presence of su
a lovely, and accomplished girl. ‘

“You must come up and see us some night
soon,” she continued. “Won't you?”

“I would be glad to, but-—”

He was thinking that it was hardly his place
to visit his employer's daughter, and, moreover,
he did not consider his best suit good enough in
which to appear at the Wheeler home.

“Oh, you really must come," she said in such
a perlsluasive way that he didn’t know how to re-

er. V '

 

  
   
   
    
     
   
    
 

“Pm afraid I wouldn't look nice enough to call

at our house,” he said. _ '
at look nice enough!” she exclaimed. “You
looked all right the other night, I am sure.”

“That was well enough in its way, but not good
enough to present myself in at your house."

“You looked nice enough, I’m sure. You must
not feel thaézvwed are goingct to crititgiﬁe 1y;oilii1i{apA-
pearance. e on expe you oo e a
young man of fashion. I jud e a person by what

e is, not what he tries to ma e himself out ‘to be.
You are my ideal of a real boy. I don’t wish to
ﬂatter you when I say that I would prefer your

; company to that of inanyeboys who move in our
ﬁt. My fathier says you are ankuusually SI'Fl&:.r€

y and boun to make our mar in time. a

‘_ is my opinion, too, thong I have seen but little of
_. ~ you.
“You are veiﬁ kind to express such a, good
1, opinion of me, iss Wheeler. I shall endeavor
. g Y to d_es§r¥‘e“i(;tl, 8I'1_('£lh you; fa}ther’s good opinion also,”
:_ repie r W1‘8. us. .-
“Well, I must be going now.‘ Shall we expect
, « you to call——say, Friday evening?” she_said.
’ . °f“_I: will call,-” replied Fred, seeing no way out
i .

_. o’cl~ock. Good-by."

,“Good-by, Miss Wheeler."

Fred looked after her and thought what a
lovely girl she was in every way. She ut on
mine of the airs that many rich young la ies af-
._ fected. She was as unassuming as though her
rents were in avera e circumstances, whereas
/ . Wheeler was one o Bangor’s richest and fore-
. r . most citizens.

’ . “She's a fine girl, all right,” he said to himself,

gas he returned to the work he was engaged in,

and ten. minutes later the truck drove out of the

yard and he went into the oﬁce to turn over the
order to the head bookkeeper.

  

 
 
 
   
    

-CHAPTE IIIV.-l-Fred Discovers a Startling Plot.

" : On the following datyi he went up to Mr. Wheeler
when he saw him in e rd. _
“Your daughter was ere yesterday, and in-

vited me to call at your home. I promised her I
-“would, but I am not sure that you would care to
have me do so." A I _ _
“Why not? My daughter told me she invited
{you grid that you were coming. We shall expect

r .

: l‘“Well.*sir, of course I will come then; but I
‘ the fact that I am only an’ employee of

  

 
   
 

ize
, and not ii’ very old one, so-———.
‘,‘-Don't letthat fact make you think that you
not_;,be welcome at my home. I regard you
of my most proinisirig workers. You will
‘ﬁt always occupy the position you do now. The

  
   

   

“ ‘shot that you have risen to be an assistant fore-
man here at your age, and after such short serv-
see, isievidence that you are not an _ordinary boy.

yfﬂun have earned your advancement in a way that
ts my heartiest approval, and I would not be

' go see you in ‘full charge of this yard
  I-‘redlthat he would be expected
, l ' in!’ Mr. ywheeler entered his allies,

‘boy fooling. pretty indeed. 

 

A YOUNG LUMBER KING

“Very well. We will look for yoii about eight

' iﬁng. After Fred hadbeen there about an hour‘
r.

. mouth to ex ress the surprise he felt at recél

' box from her father and said: ’ -

 

_Billy Watkins Friday evening when he walked j.
into the room he_ shared. with Drew, and say 3 
 spruging iilp itntiiln I;(I)l1lSl18l.1l way. h ' , _ ~21

oing 0 ca a e ss’s ouse to-ni t.’ 

“Gee! Gettin’ into swell society, ain'%.you3l’ -559
grinned Billy. . .

::Oh, it may not happen aglain—that is, soon.‘;'~

Sort of special occasion, e ?” .

“That's about it.”

“Nothin’ like gettin’ up in the world. I'd like
to do the grand myself if I had the chance; but
nothin like that comes my way. You’re a born
gent, I guess. You're smart and have been to
school. I ain’t had no such luck. My old man i
was _a’longshoreman, and my mother took in 
washin. I never went to school any more than l
I ‘could help. Ive learned more since I've been: ;
with you than I ever learned _before. You’vd ' 
been a real friend to me and I ain't forgettin' it." "<~:i~.<
I 11 stand by you as long as you let me. When.
you feel that you don't want to know me any 7
more, why, I’ll get out.” 

“I hope that time will never come, Billy. You’
may not be educated and reﬁned, but you're “a
rig t_sort, and I’ll never shake you, though we‘ _;f
may in time separate as roommates. I’,in goings’ 
to. elp you get along in the~world and be Join!
friend, Billy; paste that fact in your hat, re».
plied Fred earnestly. ;

“Thanks, Fred. I always thought you ‘were the
real goods and_a yard _wide. If I ever can dg)
anything for ygu, you kin bet ﬁer boots I'll do & .
qlglctlf alsl wink, answered the angor youth eligg,
p a ica y. M . _

“I know you would Billy. Going to the theatr-e,‘,j -
I suppose? ; .

“Bet your life, I am. There’s a new show on to-; 1
night. A melodrama full of thrills, where thi ‘
heroine says, ‘Stand_ aside, villain, and.let 
pass,’ when the chap-in swell togs and a cigarettes; —
tries to win her away from her best feller.” at

The boys took a car at the next corner, anti ,
Billy dropped off in front of the Opera HOW»
whie. Fre continued on toward S-—— aven.ne,,_ “
where the Wheelers lived. . ‘ “

When he reached his employer's house a maid‘;

 

 

 
  

    
  

  
 

 
   
     

   
     
   
  
     
  
  
    
  
   
  
  

  
    

‘admitted him to the sitting-room upstairs, which} "

was an honor he was not aware of. as most ,
were taken into the parlor on the lower ﬂoor. ~

Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler were in the room, ‘an
Fred was introduced to the latter. I ’

Jennie soon came in, looking uncommonly lov '
in a ﬁne house gown. Sh; sat beside Fred
devoted herself entirely to him during the ev‘e-3-,,"

  
   
    
  

   
 
  
   

Wheeler went out, but came back in a —
minutes with a couple of small boxes ‘in his la .
“I_ wish to present you with a smalltoken"
my a preciation of your services’ thé other e
ning,’ said the merchant, removing the -~.
1;‘:-org one of the boxes and then handing it’, ‘ .
re .  '
Looking into it the boy saw a- fine goid In‘
and chain to match. Before Fred could open‘

    
   
     
  

      
    
     
      
 
 
 
 

  
  

such a han some present, Jennie took the v

     
 
 

“And this is my present, which goes with
watch." ‘ —' .
She'hande:;ih13:2 bonito, Igrgl. Qntg ho" \,
splendidwa . arm i3crI_a_ mwi .mI[}-
_m_0ndn  9.3"

    
 
 

    

: »‘‘'r‘. ‘"

   

 . 7‘ The boy gasped and fora moment he seemed
‘ iongue-tied. then he managed to stammer out his
thanks but conscious he was getting all tangled
‘V up. The rest of the evening passed very pleas-
- antly, and at ten o’clock he got up to go.
‘Jennie accompanied him to the hall door and
' gave him a pressing invitation to call again soon.
, _ “I shall claim you as my own particular visitor
’ next time,” she said with an encouraging smile,
- ‘fsoremember you must ask for me when the maid
’ comes to the door.”
— _ =~ “Certainly,” he replied, delighted at the idea of
 being entertained by her alone. “I will call any
. time you, say.” _
‘. 1- “Then come next Friday,” she said.
r. Several weeks passed, and then Smith, the fore-
‘ man, falling sick, his duties were turned over to
Fred to perform. Late one afternoon Fred re-
. ceived a memorandum from the bookkeeper of a
4 large order he was told to get out in the morning
- in ‘a hurry, and send it to its destination on the
ns belonging to the yard. He knew where
wngd all the stuff but one of the items mentioned.
, ‘iv was something he did not know was in the
' ymrd. He consulted the other sub-foreman, but he
 no idea where the stuﬁ was stored. He went
around and asked the hands one by one if they
'1 knew anything about the wood in question, but
-~ none of them did.
 F “That’s funny,” mused the young lumber king,
g, "‘{for one or two of the men must have had a hand
'l— in receiving it when it came here, and surely they
V Oigllllt to remember where they stored it.”
" e men who had handled it months before had
‘_ tten all about the matter. Fred would have
, ‘— e it a point to call on Smith that evening to
 consult him about the matter, but he knew the
a ‘ iqreman had gone out of town to recuperate. He
' had some idea about consulting Mr. Wheeler, but
,, as that ntlenian had gone home the boy did
’, not feel at he ought to visit him at his house,
; - hr it was not certain he knew where the material
‘ ._ had been stowed in the yard.
‘v Besides, Fred hated to bertay his ignorance,
iv though, as a matter of fact, he could not be
 accountable for a matter that had occurred
' Before he.came to work in the yard. After, con-
sidering the matter" for a while, e took a lantern,

.*v‘

  

 

v

  
  
  

it was growing dark, and went to diﬁerent
gates where he fancied the stuff might be, but
’ when quitting timecame he had not succeeded
~ ii ‘locating what he was in search of.
My dlrried the key of the oﬂice, he locked up and
~ went home.
-_. :‘While at Sup er he suddenly thought of a
part of the y be had never been in except
 or twice when he was an ordinary laborer.
;;.- _‘was a sort of pocket that extended out over
i- the river. '
_ “Maybe the stuff is_ there?” he‘ thought.
' ~~ there first thing in the morning.” _
,,He ﬁnished his supper and started for his

  

   

 

\

(‘I711

  
 
    

ﬁlgings. Before he had gone far he stopped.
..“I.think I'll go  to the rd, take a lantern
‘ look now,’ he said. “If knew the material

533 there I’d feel better satisﬁed. If I don't
’ -: ._ te that’ pocket now I'll think about the
‘back to the and he went iec himself in

lighted a lantlam and started

.  f ct.‘ Reaching it he-began to.ex-

 

yi-

.. A YOUNG LUMBER KING

As he‘

 

21

_ “Eureka!” he exclaimed at last, ﬂashing the
_light_upon a certain spot. “Here it is, stowed
iihtliis corner. Nothing like perseverance after
a .

He was delighted at his success, for now,.there
would be no delay in the morning shipment. He
put the lantern down behind a pile of lumber
and walked to the end of the pocket to glance
out on the river. As he laid his arms on the
bulkhead he heard voices beneath him.

I-00k1Y18 down he saw_ two shadowy forms
perched on the thick strin er. Strangers had
no right to be there, especia y at that hour. He
gag: 350“ t0 Yell at.them when one of them

“If you're ready, Tulley, we'll crawl over the
bulkhead and start the ball rollin’. It’s nearly
eight now, and the watchman is at the other
end of the yard by this time.”

“All right,” replied the other. “This is where
I get square with Wheeler for sendin’ my pal
up. He’d have sent me up, too, if I hadn’t lit
out of town too quick for the cops. We’ll wake
the town up with a blaze that’ll give the whole
fire department the job of their lives, and Wheeler
will lose a fortune, for I reckon he ain't more
than half insured.”

“My‘gracious!” gas ed Fred. “That’s Tulley,
and he and another c ap are going to set ﬁre
to the yard. Well. if they do it will be because
I can't stop them.”

He slipped back to where he had left the
lantern. blew it out, and then picking a stout
piece of scantling off a pile close at hand, he
hid himself in a dark spot and awaited the ar-
rival of the two rascals.

. . Q

CHAPTER.XV.—Fi-ed Is Made Manager of the
Lumber Yard.

Hardly had Fred concealed himself when he
saw a ﬁgure scramble over the bulkhead, fol-
lowed by a second.

They sprang down into the pocket. One of
them carried a big bundle under his arm.

_“This oil-:oaked waste will give the blaze a
ﬁne start before the watchman gets on to the

fact that the yard is aﬁre,” said Tulley’s com-'

xpanion. “Then it will be too late for him to do
anythin’ but send in a fire alarm. By the time
the engines get here the lire will be under good
headway.”

“Where shall we start the blaze? I should
think this pocket would be a good place. There
seems to be a lot of light stuﬂ‘ here,” said Tul-
ey.
“This is as good a spot as any. We'll shove

the waste under ’his pile and then apply a
match. You attend to it while I go and see where
the watchman is. Don't light up till I get back.”

Tulley’s associate passed Fred's hiding place
and disappeared in the darkness, leaving the ex-
ﬁreman to plant the oiled waste where it would
do the most harm.

“There, that will do ﬁrst rate,” Fred heard
Tulley mutter in a. tone of satisfaction. “It’s
glalkreadyforbusinessassoonasﬂosebygets

c I!

Fred judged it was high time for him to put i « *
' a stop to the incendiary proceedings,’-and the beg.

V.

    

   
  

_ chance he had was while the man Moseby was

‘away.

Creeping from his place of concealment, Fred
drew near the unsuspecting Tulley. Raising the
scantling, he struck the rascal on the head just
_ hard enough to temporarily stun him. Springing

‘ on him, he pulZ.~c' the fellow’s handkerchief out of
his pocket and tied his hands behind his back.
Then he agged him with a bunch of the oiled
waste. A ter which he dragged him out of sight
behind the bulkhead and lay in wait for Moseby.
That chap did not stay away long.

“Where are you, Tul1ey?” he cried in a low
tone. . A
“Here,” replied Fred, stepping up and knock-
ing him down with the scantling. “Now, lie
still‘ or l’ll break your hea .”

I The young acting foreman then began to shout
(for the night watchman. In a few minutes the
man ap cared on the scene.

- ‘ “Whos there?” he asked, pausing at the en-
trance to the pocket.

“Fred Drew. Come here. I’ve caught a con-
ple of rascals as they were about to set ﬁre to
this ard.” _

“ ow did you get on to them? I had no idea
you or any one else was in the yar ."

_, “I’ll tell you later. Get a rope.” /_

So the watchman went for the rope.

 “I say, youn feller, let me off, and I'll make
 all right wit you,” said Moseby. “This ain't
my plan, but the other chap’s, who brought me
"here to help him.” -,

I “Arlong as you came to help him you're just
 as he is.” . _

- “' e’s got a grudge against the owner of «this
-yard and I hain’t."
: , “Then ."v'vhy‘did you butt into what didn’t con-

   
   
   
    
  
  
 

   
 

Fo-

°§_5'iust to oblige him.” ' '
"“That's where you were a fool, and you'll have
to y for it.” _ g
e watchman now reappeared with the rope,
and in spite of Moseby’s resistance they secured

him. .

V Fred; then showed the watchman where Tul-
ley lay be] less behind the bulkhead. ’

_“We’ll ta them over to the oﬁice and notif

the police. Just. look at that big bunch of oi-

tweaked cottomwaste they stowed under that dried

pile of li ht wood. Once that was lighted the

. whole ’poc et would have been‘ ablaze in no time
1: all, said Fred. “We won't disturb that till

 police see it as evidence against the ras-

   
 
   
  
 

  
 
  
  

    
   

-They dragged the men to the oﬂice and then
Fred called u the olice station and told the of-

Jeeghat the esk a ut the serious catastrophe
fwlgrhe had happily been averted.

, .. man promised that several’ policeman
Sgldd he sent right away. After rin ‘r13 01!
.- _ called up Mr. Wheeler’s house. e lum-
 himself answered. Fred told the story
.. W the wire, and explained how it came about

' ‘.133 was anhand at the critical moment to

ya - ~ 0

due time the policeshowedup. viewed the
of the  starting ointth otfh the
‘ earned o'raacalao,W1 em._,
   ' date}: Mr‘. Wheeler drove up

     
   
    
      

greatest o

I A Youzge -LUMBER-.KIN(

shofivedt high the_tl;i‘1indle of waste soaked with  
rea y o e igm .
“Drew, {ou’ve saved the yard. I am under the .
ligation to you, and you may be sure,’ :~.~
I won't forget the service

he said.

Subsequently

  

    
 
  
   
  
    
    
  
   
 
  
  

you have done for me," 
. ' 11‘

Next morning the rascals were held for trial ‘ e-
by the police court magistrate.
they were‘ tried, convicted and got fifteen years
each in State prison, where they still are.

Mr. Wheeler presented Fred with his check
for $1,000 as an evidence of his appreciation of
the boy’s prompt action in the emergency. Fred .7
did not want to take it, but the merchant in- . '
sisted. ‘ g

A week afterward Smith» returned to work,
and the young lumber king resumed his duties
as under‘foreman, but he had established a high-

water record in the yard that would always stand
to his credit.

With the beginning of the new y
Wheeler called 'Fred into his office and told him
that he was going to post him in all the details
of the businessso that he wo
take charge of the yard. -

“I'm going to Europe with my family this
summer, and we expect to remain awa

ﬁve months.

equal to it.

faith in it."

was in him
faithfully.
From that day at intervals duri
four! months Fresim was clolseitied with
1 is private ce, an e beqamq
Jancquainted with all the insidegdetails of a‘~big_
lumber’ business. , ~
No one in the oﬂice or yard knew
ortant position that Fr
Mr. Wheeler made the announcer
ment oﬂicially that he had made the boy
manager of his yard, and that durin
er's) absencepin Europe Fred woul
of the place. -
As the boy had made himsel
the employees_ no jealousy was created by his
markable advancement, .though all were W
It was generally credited to the
: that Fred had in various ways made '
solid with his ‘employer.
So Mr..Wheeler, his wife and Jeanie left"
got for their European
sumed charge

about the im
slated for unti

prised.

  
 
   

F.

Fred was astonished, b
after suitable coaching,
to Mr. Wheeler's satisfaction. .

He thanked the lumber merchant for oifer-in;
him such a splendid opportunity to show what
, and promised to discharge his trust

uld be competent 

ave picked you out as t e person
to run the busi ess during my absence.
be a great responsibility, but I believe you will be
_ It is a position, too, that calls for’
integrity, of character, for I will have to give you
a conﬁdential insight into man
one knows but myself.
else in my employ I feel I could trust as much 
you, nor in fact do I think there is any one mono‘ .
capable than yourself to undertake the manage .

ment of my business affairs while I am away. . '
You are young, it is true, but you have it won-'
derful head on your shoulders, and I ppt grea

e bel'e ed h
ableltg 111: would’

things that no‘
know any one

   
  
    
  
  
   

of the bn:7m§il’.' "d .7“';

4

‘ :

 

four or _

    
   

f‘

      
     
  

   
  
 

   
  
  

 
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   

 
     
   
  
         
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

e boat «.
f a favorite 

  
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
    
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
   
 
    

letters, so it may be assumed that they had
_ warm friends indeed.
-,W.lien Bi y heard that Fred was boss pro tem.
9f the Wheeler lumber yard he turned several
snmersaults expressive of his delight at his
'end’s big rise in the world.
“You’ll be a partner in the business bimeby,”
he said in a tone of satisfaction.

“Oh, I guess not!” laughed Fred.
‘!'l‘lie old man has got a daughter and you’re
sweet on her. All you’ve not to do is to marry
her and then her father will- takeiyou into the
 That's the way things always turn out
story books, and there ain’t no reason why it
oultln’t turn out the same way with you,” said
i ' , nodding his head emphatically. — .
*. “ ' y, you mustn’t talk nonsense,” said Fred

severely.

'l‘hat’s ain't nonsense. That's the

’ve worked.your way up to
r of the biz. There ain't no reason why
7 _ . __ ouldn’t be junior partner next. If it don’t
turn out that way -you kin call me a ”

Rap,-rap ,rap. '

A ..“See who’s at the door, Billy.”

by a messenger.

The young lumber manager tore the envelope
- s ‘and ganced over the enclosure. It was
__ - -.- on one of the letter headings of the Pas-
, iuuaquoddy Inn and was in the handwriting of
» .manager. It ran as follows:

1'. Fred ? rew, .

-’€Dear Sir: ' Call here without delay. Sol
 -our second cook, met with an accident this
g. The doctor says he will die, and he

Y ts to see on at once on »a matter of great

i rtance. ours truly,

. . “HOWARD HAZLI'l'l', Mgr.”

    

  
  

  

  

    

 

cinirrna xvi.-—'rhe Young ‘Lumber King.

yy , cious!" exclaimed Fred after master-
(the rief contents’of the note.
H I atls
_ .: ‘local; in histroo
. ‘mu re, is i . ’.
‘i“No‘. You remember I have often spoke to you

- So}. Scott?”

‘Sure. _
“ﬁe,’s,«met with an ’
.... .; is fatal. Sol has sent for me, so I ll
' a car and right over to the Inn.”
to him?”

A ’t state anything about it,” re-

  
 
   

      
  
  
 
 
  

   
 

accident which the doctor
have

  
  
  

   
   

Fred. letting ready to_go. -

. . ‘bad, I suppose he hain t got much money
= he wants to see that he is lanted decently.
‘t inuéh money, eh? e owns a lot of
.,-an the northern part of the State. It is
.. at several thousand dollars.” .

.. I And he's workin' as second cook in a
I “ He must be weak in his upper story,”

h nothin the matter with his upper

o

 
 
 
 

   

'2'
is

 

 ta it,:and*i>rosiveritr.ia
«$3-

A YOUNG LUMBER KING

. him as far as the Opera

It was the landlady with a letter for Fred just _

the matter?” asked Billy,» noting the '
ngnatds face. “The lum---

I by letter how things were goingon, and on 
eases him to work, that's all. '



23

 

Fred was ready to go,Hand Billy. went 
ouse. ,
When Fred reached the Passamaquoddy Inn ’

he found Sol Scott_alm_ost at his last gas . v ’
The old man s dimming eyes brighteneg when 7

the Sboy enteﬁed tale rooerg. b " V».
“ onny”’ e “v is f 1 ’ “I! d ‘n ' ‘
“What happened ltdrhimig? Fyred :S‘l§e3n:h§o;t—

teiidant.

The ,C°PDer coﬂee urn exploded in his face:
and a piece of the metal was driven into one of

his lungs,” was the answer.

“I'm sorry to ﬁnd you this way; Sol,” said 
Frefl ﬁn a sorrowful tone. b - i »

‘ _ now you are, sonny, ut it can't be he] ,

MY tlme has come and I’ve got to go. Thatplee% 5 ,
acy of mine hasn't done me much good, but it 
a satisfaction to me to know that you will bene-W I ’
fit by it. You are my only friend and I have‘

left it to .you. Open that top drawer of the bu-

reau and you will ﬁnd my will properly signed‘ ,-
and witnessed. My lawyers drew it up and it \
makes you my heir.”

“Never mind the will now,” Sol," said Fred.

j The cook insisted, however, that he must take . " '
possession of it at once. A _ .
_ “I shan’t die happy unless I know you've got
it. I want to see it in your hands." 
'So Fred took possession of the will, and then.  "
the old man smiled happily. ' ‘
“You’re a ﬁne boy, sonny, a ﬁne boy. You've-
gotéd up in the world Wltholﬁt any help, ~but you:
ne money, or money is t e main thin in this p
world. Well, that paper will make yougwell off
as soon as I am dead.” .

Fredtook the old man's hand in his own and xl
strove to make his last hours as pleasant as pas-
-sible. .The cook lingered for an hour and then
died whisperhig:

“Bless you, sonny. I'm goin . '1 feel every-.‘"
thin’ slippin' away from me. I can't see 2"
‘face, but I can feel your hand. Bless-—you! ’

_ And so he died. with a sweet ‘smile on his face,» »
as though he saw the golden gates ajar in the”
distance, and a heavenly host coming to welcome’
him hi thatplace where the weary are forrevei,--—,
a res . -

Fred closed his eyes, bound n his sa ' ' I
and composed his limbs. p_ , ggmg Jaw.'.. _'

’ Then he left‘ the room and sent a messe r ' “-7.-
the Opera House to tell Billy Watkins 
out to the Passamaquoddy Inn. Billy came, and
the two lgeptan all-night vi '1 beside the cook’ '
corpse. ..ext morning Fre gave directions
an undertaker to take charge of Scott's body and
Elace it in a_ﬁne cofﬁn after embalming it. Fred‘

ought a nice plot in the Bangor cemetery ﬁnd.-
had the old man interred in it.. Later on’ he.
raised a ﬁne headstone to his memory. He hired.: A ‘
Scott’s lawyers to probate the cook's will, and
1_:he.legal gentlemen congratulated him on coming,
into possession of a handsome legacy. In thy:
,meadnt_ime Fred éarried 38% lgr. Wheeler's lum ‘ti

ar inaway asat' e theemlo '

e was born to the business. / p ye“, »; 1’

He had kept Mr. Wheeler informed I

 

    
       
     
     
      
    
      
  
      

   
 
  
       
  
    
  
    
 
   
        

   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
 

 
 
     
 

  
    
   
 
 
  

a while had bee obl‘ged to ad
njiessage when henfeltllie needesd  ,
ions. ,  .  ’ ‘

 
 
    

   
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
  

Miss Jennie looked prettier than ever, and she
appeared to be delighted to meet Fred again.
 '_You have done remarkably'wel1, Fred,” said
Mr. Wheeler on his first visit to the office. “In
fact, I am so pleased with the way in which you
. have conducted my business that I have decided
to make you a present of a small interest in the

_tinue as general superintendent.”
“Thank you, Mr. Wheeler, but I shall have to
decline your kind offer.” ‘
; “What’s that? Decline to become a partner
‘ 'in my business?” exclaimed the lumberman in
great astonishment.
' “Yes, sir. No doubt this seems strange to you
that I, whom you regard as a boy without other
\ pros cts than what I have made for myself,
‘ ahoud turn down such a liberal proposition. In
order to set myself right it will be necessary for
me to make an explanation which I had hoped
to keep back for some time yet.”
“What explanation?” V
. “This, sir. I sought employment in your yard

apparently as a poor and friendless boy, and I
have endeavored to live up to the character ever
since. I am not poor, however, neither am I
friendless. I am an orphan, it is true, but my

rdian, John Singleton, is a noted lawyer of
— rtland, where I was born and brought up. You

. have probably heard of Willis Peabody, president
"of the Nfglthwestern Lumber Co.?”

. ,.“Certa y I have While he lived ‘he was
known as Maine’s lumber king. He left his ex-
tensive roperty to his grandson, I understand.”

“He id. I am that grandson, for Mr. Pea-
had was my mother's father.”
 tl” ejaculated Mr. Wheeler, staring at
Fred. “You Mr. Peabody’s grandson?”

, - “Yes, sir. I am virtually the owner of the
~ (Northwestern Lumber Co. and all the thousands
of, acres of timber land that formerly belonged
to Willis Peabody." _ _
The lumber man fairly gasped at this. revela-
tion. It seemed too incre ulous for him to be-
" Iieve. If this boy was really the heir in question,
' what induced him to masquerade as a poor boy,
«and seek an humble position in a lumber yar ?
.lf'i-ed hastened to tell him the reason. He told
 Wheeler about the interview he had had
with his guardian in which the lawyer had put
lthe matter squarely before him as to his plans
I for the future.
' «Whether he should go to college or start out
{And learn the lumber usiness, in which his fu-
. hire interests lay, from the ground floor up.
He had elected to do the latter, and then told
M the merchant about his weeks of rugged experi-
hence at the logﬁin camp, which ended more sud-
y than he a counted on, and almost ended

at the same time. . _ ,
ﬁlly report of. the injustice I had suffered ‘at
‘ihc;hands’of¢the superintendent, Silas McBee, I
forwarded to my guardian soon after I went ‘to
” ' for you, and it led to Mr. McBee’s dis-
Since I have been in this town I have
. icated regularly with Mr. Singleton, and

 informed of my progress in» your yard.”
I ‘am! This revelation of urs is the
line ofwmy life,"_,said r. Wheeler.
.leO‘WhI¢8!l1l0tj8cee  interest

  
  

  

 

    
  
   
     
   
      
  

    

 
 

  
    

  

K ,yard on the,ﬁrst of the year, and have you con- '

   
 

A YOUNG LUMBER KING

.responsible capacity, until the time comes for

me to take charge of my own interests in the lum~
ber company.”
“I shall be glad to have you remain with me

as long as you feel disposed to do so,” said the 

lumber merchant cordially.

_ “Thank you, sir. That will suit me very well
indeed.” On the following evening he called at
Mr. Wheeler’s house, for he was now recognized
as a wealthy young lumber king and not a com-
paratively. poor lad of ordinary parentage.

He continued to visit there witl. unfailing reg-
ularity, and Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler noted with
satisfaction that Fred and their daughter were
likely to make a match.‘ .

When the boy reached his twenty-ﬁrst birth-
day he severed his connection with the Wheeler
lumber yard and assumed the responsibilities of
head of the Northwestern Lumber Co.

Fred sent Billy Watkins into the wilderness to
fill a job under the superintendent at what that
young lad thought a princely -salary. _

“Learn all you can about the business, Billy,”
said Fred on parting from him.
become superintendent some day yourself, and I
-shalllnbe greatly disappointed if you don't make

“Gee! That will be ﬁne. I'll get there, Freﬁ
for I’m going to imitate you—work myself up.

He was appointed superintendent four year:
later when he came to Bangor at Fred's partic-
ular request to witness his wedding to Jennie
Wheeler. .,

Fred and Jennie went to California on their
wedding trip, and while they were away Mr.

Wheeler, who was vice-president of the_lumbc= ‘
company, transacted the duties of president and 

manager. .
Fred transferred Sol Scott's legacy over to

Billy as a nest-egg for his future and Watkins

considers himself pretty well ﬁxe . '
‘The Northwestern Lumber Co. is the most im-

portant one of its kind in the State, and Fred -.

is independently wealthy.
As he is not yet thirty, he may still be prop-
erly styled a young lumber king.

Next week’s issue will contain “RALPH R0
RICHES; or, A SMART BOY’S RUN ON W
STREET LUCK.” ' ‘

“I want you to ‘

 

 

 
  
      
       

   

 V

 

   

O S uff H bi‘!
§.'5:..°§~‘~°..¢..~;.9.~.°=‘:-‘i’-.3»,i._*_'_-.-:_——f'.;-.,.._t

B§..l.!2éi§lIJ16

Earn Bi Money. Work home or travel. ,3
Fascinat ng work. Excellent 0 mac
nity. Experience unnecessary. arth-
ulars free. Write: _

GEORGE R. WAGNER
Goamuuatp Detective

§00.D00|1nIandWo-aI.IIlDG’b

Former
«'1{I§8hrqdvuNw!

   
       
    
   

    
  
  

f  Charlie Cooper.-’s Curves

THE STAR PLAYER or THE
. UNKNOWN NINE

By Gaston Game

 ' (A Serial Story.)
" CHAPTER xxx.
How The Game Was Won.

- Then Charlie sent in one of he famous up-
; curves, and the batsman made a welt at it and
missed it by several inches.

5‘ The next man up also had quite a reputation

1 _, for hitting the ball. _

{Q But Charlie caught him napping right _away,

E" ‘and a strike was called at the lirst ball pitched.

;..g Then two balls followed, for the man seemed

., ' as though he was bound to wait for a good one.
Charlie gave him another, which was a good

 as it was the quick incurve that had fooled his
redecesso v

p 1-.

“Two strikes!"

Charlie nodded when Ben Handy signaled for
‘a drop, and he landed it right where it was

wanted.
' The batsman swung his bat viciously and went
, In over it. _
5 1 Handy was right there and held it as usual.
5" “Three strikes, and out!” said the umpire.

‘ The Unknown Nine received a cheer from a
thousand throats, and there was no one there
kg who thought they were not entitled to it, unless
-“ it might be some of the narrow-minded ones, who
do not believe in giving credit when it is due.

“Lige Miller at the bat!” call..l out the man
who was keeping the score ‘for the boys, as the
Binghamtons took their position in the ﬁeld.

Miller stepped up, and at the first ball pitched
cracked out a high ﬂy, which was caught by the
E: eanterfielder. . _
¢" Haypolé came next and struck out, thus making

two out’ .-

- Schmidt followed and made a safe hit.

Hodge found the Binghamton pitcher quite easy
‘ and sent out a clean two-bugger. '
Schmidt did not try to score on it, however,
 for he knew better, since the ball was in the
-7 leftﬁelder’s hands before he got to third, and
-,5 was thrown there lh“‘the hopes of heading him

 
  
 

 
   
   

But it did not and that left the second and
third bags ﬁlled.

' ir But that was all they were to do that inning,

 

' Re’ st k t.
¥orItuJ:: a mryne trlilaft Vglis bound to please the
ﬂ parti ar of the cranks who had come out

,to.witness it, so far, and. the applause the home
ffieam got was vociferous.

' '_ . It continued in about the same way up to the

th.
 Bingliamtons were blanked in ,this innin .
‘ doing good batting l

.\_ “

Unknows had been_

 

 AND, FORTUNE WEEKLY

2
 one, but the man did not know it until too late,‘
3.

through, but luck was against them, and they had
failed to get in a. run.

But when Charlie Cooper struck three out in
quick succession in the eighth, and came in, he

resolved to get in the run they were so much in -

need of.
It was Joe Murray who came to the bat ﬁrst.
“Now Joe, we have got to do something,” Char-

lie remarked. “Just line-her out for a base-hit.”
Murray nodded. -

He was a good waiter and two balls were.

called before he made an effort to hit the ball.

Then he batted out a neat single and fan
easily to ﬁrst.

Handy nodded to the young pitcher as he came
to ,the bat.

“Show_ what you can do, Ben,” said Charlie.

Ben did show them. He hit out a safe one
and Murray got to second.

It was now Charlie Cooper's turn.

He stepped up with an air of conﬁdence.

The first one Charlie missed, and the pitcher
-grinned.

Then came a ball.

One strike and one ball.

It was then that Roberts offered to bet a thou-
sand dollars that the Unknows would score that
inning.

No one took him up, for it was too much money.

lint‘ he did get a couple of bets of a hundred
eac .

Another ball was called and then Charlie bat-
ted out a long one that would surely have netted
him two bases if it had not been outside of the
left foul line.

. He came back and picked up the bat, deter-
mined to put it in the right place the next time.

It was now two strikes and two balls.

The next was a ball, for the pitcher did not
appear to want to allow him to hit it.

The excited crowd waited to see what the next
one would be.

They saw quickly enough.

It came right along, waist-height and with a
gentle outcurve. - '

Crack! Charlie Cooper's bat hit the ball with
a resounding smash and _away_he wt for ﬁrst.

It was one of the oldtime hits the boy had so
often made, and it was heading for the fence
back of centerﬁeld. .

Joe Murray and Ben Handy were running like

mad, and neither of them stopped until they had _

crossed the plate, leaving Charlie on third.
Two runs for the Unknows!

The friends they had made by their superb

playing made the welkin ring with their shouts,
‘and Binghamton stock went way -'down.

“Don’t let me die here, Lige,” called out Char-
lie, as Miller came to the bat.“

“I’ll try not to,” was the reply.

And he didn't, either, for he cracked out a two-
iblagger at the first attempt, and Charlie trotted

ome. . .

The Unknows had started at their run-getting
with a vengeance.

Three runs in, and none out!

Dan Haypole struck out. ,

Then,.as -though he was trying hard to emulate
him. Carl Schmidt did- the same.

Harryliodgewas tomakearun,-

\

 

and '
when he picked up his t he nodded to Miller:-.‘.

  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
     
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
  

who waslgt ésﬁconfl: as much as to say, “I'll fetch

you in o f ow.

. Two, balls and a siirrilliie were cdalled,l and dtlien
— a good one came an arijy ma e a ong rive
to rightﬁeld.

. Baillie; came in, and on a wild throw Hodge got
to it . . -

Four runs.

Reilly came up and got his base on balls.

Then came Harrington, and at the. first ball
pitched Reilly got to second. _

Harrington got three, balls and two strikes on
and then drove out a nice one that allowed

e to get in-

Then Murray went out on .a/ﬂy and Ben Handy
foutlﬁd out, exvlinding up the eighth with ﬁve runs
to’ eir cr ‘t.

The game was about played now, for the Bing-
hamton struck out in one, two three order and
left the Unknown Nine winners _to the tune of
:ﬁve to nothin .

Rgf ever thereg was a delighted man it was Fred

berts.

/ When Charlie had changed his ball uniform for '

~ his every-day apparel he came out of the dressing-
room just in time to meet Ben Spikes, who had
just arrived in Binghamton.

 

c Spikes as he placed his hand on the boy's shoul-
der and whispered: ‘ .
, “George Orris is here, Charlie, and I think he
means ter try an’ kill yer!" '

., __ CHAPTER XXII
Bill Butts Reaches the; End of His Rope

_ - Charlie Cooper wasnot surprised to ‘hear Ben
iﬁpikes say that George Orris was on the grounds.
‘ _ He was satisﬁed that it was his father’s half-
., brother who had been tryirllvz to take his life, and
fun: he was disguised as eville. ' ,
‘- The star player of the Unknown Nine cast a
 glance around in front of the dressing-
room, -but saw nothing suspicious.
. . Nearly all the boys were ready to leave the
j  now, and Fred Roberts and the ladies

to-the hotel. .. * V . .'
.. “We'll make room for you, Ben," said Charlie.
 “Just get,,in andkeep your eyes open for the man
.gyou.spoke'ab<_‘>ut.”, i s ’- ' ,
‘fag was right among the crowd a couple of
ties afore I found you,” was the reply. “He
tr, "disguised as an old man, but he can't fool me.
‘There is soinethin’ about -George Orris that can't
taken away, no matter.how much he changes
I clothes an’ puts on false whiskers an’ wigs.)
N pknow himeve ’ time." '
xfdﬁpikes ’ t intorghe auto, and then, before it
 harlie leaned over and told Roberts
. it. ._ t .
The a mans‘ r nodded.
*i"‘Just luwegleiixn int him out,” he- said. “We
= ' -‘very slow ti we reach the gate.” '
our received his instructions, and the *
one  as
y ,_ p . 7 or i g .
trance vwago maid

   

 
   
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

' man with the disguised villain step back and slide '””‘

There was a worried look on the pale face apf -'

"were coming up.with the two autos to take them V

  

Just as they got to the gate Ben Spikes caught _
hold of Charlie’s arm and exclaimed: ’ .
“There he is!” s .,
He pointed to an old man who was  «i
by the gate, leaning on a cane, talking to 8 
younger man with a full grown beard. egik‘
“VV hy, those two men are stopping at our ho-
tel,” said the young pitcher. “Mr. Roberts!” I’
Roberts at once had the auto come to a stop. , “
“That old man over there is George Orris, so
Ben says,” the boy whispered excitedly.
Roberts did not turn around and look directly .
at the man, for he did not want him to know 
that he was under suspicion. ' ’ 7
He got out of the auto and made out that somee 1
thing was the matter with the machine. - 
Then he walked right over to the man, and as «
quick as a ﬂash seized him by the whiskers.
Off they came! _ . 2
The face of George Orris was disclosed, sure

 

en

  

ough. y .
“Police!” shouted the manager, as he grappled.

with the astonished scoundrel.  ‘
Charlie leaped from the auto, for he saw 
as

his hand toward his hip pocket.

The boy was not an instant too soon.

Of course the other man was no other than
Bill Butts. ~ . s ‘

He jerked a revolver from his pocket, and it is
probable that he would have used it had not the
right fist of Charlie Cooper caught him under the . .
jaw and sent him spinning. - , 4 i

The young pitcher was right after him, and a a
kick sent the revolver ﬂying from his hand.  ~

Thétlil he fell uponhim and forced him to thei —
groun . . 

It so happened that there was a policeman‘
right handy, and he bounded forward and 
possession "of Qrris in a jiffy.  -~

The boys of the Unknown Nine rushed to helg» 
Charlie, and Bill Butts was fairly trampled upon + 
in the excitement. _ ,v "

But in spite of this, he managed to wigs
away and get among the people who had ‘
to the scene. ’

Pulling oﬂ’ his wig and heard, he pushed 
hat down over his eyes and got away.

This move waswhat saved him, or those who
had witnessed the strange scene knew that the *
man who had pulled the revolver had a beard. ”

Now Butts had none.

The villain was very much frightened. — , V

Though he had «been bruised and hit, no blood . V
had been drawn, and that made it so he attracted“ v
his attention. , — ’ 

He was too much of an experienced rogue to
run, and he walked right along with the crowd, :
and the first car that came along he boarded i 
along ‘with several others. _ ‘A
, In this way Bill Butts made his escape. 

“I’m putty lucky, I guess,” he muttered, as 1!!
hung on the side of the car and sped awa from; »
the ball grounds. “Ther boss is done hut: iv, A
guess, an’ I'm mighty sor , fur th‘ vi’ 
of money in him. I don't ow but what Pm’ ”"
whole lot better olf by that boy bein’. aliye,
One thing,‘i£ I am catched, I,won't,be«tried
murder. No -more ti-yin’ ter kill any one far“ i

I'm done with thaklpndait 

 
  
 
 
     
  
  
 
     
     
    

 

  

      
   
  

    
  
     
      
  

 

   
 

 
 

   
   
   
  
    
  

/..

 Fame and Fortune Weekly

' NEW YORK, JANUARY 28, 1927

:9 F_ _

" TERMS TO SUlss(;i<iisr;i<S

  

singie Copies .... ...............Po§ta¢e Fgee Scenta
'- » Due Copy Three Months. -- H ,, 2.33
’.0|e Copy §lX Months..." .. H " kw

.. °"° °°" °“‘é.‘E.‘°.‘3‘; 'sa:.~;«s:'i~'.;..sg... saoo.

oNEY—At our risk send P. 0.
 o'§,§’e,,“E§.',’cg’§; Registered Letter; remittance:
u my other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
’ gum 3 the game as cash. \\ heii sending silver wrap

ate piece of paper to avoid cutting
. $ ’$‘.‘,,.‘,‘'‘,,..,' ‘$3.9 your name and address plainly.

Address letters to
wEsTBUR’Y PUBLISHING 00., Inc.
168 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C.

nun xinoiu‘. Pros. and TN”-
_ 3, '1, ﬁ‘i.B, Vlee-Pros. and Boo.

»   INTERESTING ARTICLES

”" THE AGE OF CONSENT _

" Why is it that a parent must support a male
I-.;_ .child until he is 21 years uf age and a female
child only to the 18th year?

 

? pus the woman may marry without the consent

1. of parents or guardian. Each sex comes of age
E at 21 years, in so far as ability to vote and to
 manage their own aﬁairs is concerned.

 ‘ Ts BEGIN WORLD TREE SEED
ii " n°iix%(iioAUNGE; SEND WALNUTS AT
 ROOSEVELT GRAVE T0 BRITAIN
: Six black walnuts sent to the Boy Scouts Of
3 England recently, through the ‘Scientiﬁc Ameri-
la ‘ can, marked the beginning of an interesting ex-

change of tree seeds by the Boy Scoutsh_t::fhAme1--
,4 ica. Accompanying the walnuts, w i were
‘; thered after they had fallen from a tree over-
:i g the grave of Theodore_ Roosevelt in
 oyster Bay, L. I., Was, a letter signed by Dan
'1 Beard, “grand old man of the Boy Scouts.
5% ’ ,

 

 
   

Thomas A. Edison excelled recently in a speed
" and accuracy contest in sending telegraph mes-
 s and received a gold telegraph sending key
~ ‘ from the Lackawanna Railroad as a reward.
 ‘ The test‘was held on board a special train tak-.
 ing Edison Company officials and oﬁicials of the
" wanna Railroad from South Orange to
’‘ ew Village, N. J ., to inspect the Edison Portland
. , t Plant there and the new siding develop»-
.uents'in.stalled by the Lackawanna. The wires
"2. were rigged between the cars. .
 on H, Rine, secretary and Vice-President of the
Edhgckawaiina, and P.,J. Flynn in charge of traﬂic
-« for the road, both veteran telegraphers, took turns
‘ anversing over the wires with the 9. ed inventor,

79339, as 3 young man, was emploﬁ as railroad

., . to d owed that he still
‘.1355!’-;5’=i°hp°r"°¥5**7=n. - anasmi .

 
 
  

xx
\

.._._

     

 

FAME AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY

The law only provides that at the age of 18.

27

SWEDISH ROYAL DENTIST ICRRIVES SUF-
FERING FROM A TOOTHACHE

Dr. J . N. Sandblom, dental surgeon to the King
of Sweden, arrived recently on the new motor-
ship Gripsholm, of the Swedish-American Line,.
suffering from toothache. He laughed about it
when questioned and said:

“I have had the toothache for ﬁve days, but it
is a little better now. After I have taken Mrs.
Sandblom to the hotel with our baggage I will go
and see a dentist who is a friend of mine."

Asked what they royal family of Sweden were
like when they sat in the dentist’s chair, Dr.
Sandblom said:

“Royal patients are the best patients, in my
experience, because they have more‘ control. I
have always found that women are more easy to
treat than men, probably because the former are
more accustomed to pain.”

 

-

LAUGHS

“It seems strange," said Deacon May-berry, as

the counted the money after church, “that a large

congregation ‘can be so small.”

'Irishman—Gimm_e me three cigars. Shopman—-
Strong or mild? Irishman—Gimme me the strong
wans. The weak wans break in me pocket!

“Do you call this a pint?” asked the sharp serv-
ant girl of the milkman. “Yes.” “Well, it won't do.
When we want condensed milk We’ll buy it at the
grocer’s.”

“I reckon you didn’t think of your poor old dad
all the while you were away." “Yes, we did, dad.
When ma heard a man grumbling about his meals
at the hotel she said: ‘That's just like pa!’ ”

Ethe1—-Frank was desperately in love with Pris-
cilla. Why, he used to send her the most expensive
ﬂowers and presents nearly every day for three
years! Mabel—Did he ﬁnally win her? Ethel--No,
he earned her.

“Tommy,” asked the teacher, “if you have six
sticks of candy and divided with your little bro-
ther, how many will each of you have?” “I’l1 have
ﬁve and he'll have one,” answered Tommy. “Too
much candy always makes him sick.”

“Ven Rosenstein failed he made me a preferred
creditor.” “Vat you mean?” “All der rest of his
creditors had to vait thirty days to find out dey
vouldn’t get a cent. I knew it immediately!”

“Oh, yes,” said the pilot of the river steamboat.
“I have been piloting boats up and down this river
so long that I know where every submerged rock
and stump is.” Just then the boat struck a rock
with a jar. “There; that's one of them, now,” lib
concluded. —

Hiram———'l‘hat boy of yours what went to college
could do some powerful lifting with the club and
duxnbbells. Silas--Yes; but I always thought
more of the other one’s lifting powers. Himm—

Did he lift dumbbells and the like? No; but ha__ 

lifted the mortgage.

 

     
 
  

,8
The Colonel’s- l)augl;:er

The year 1857 was a memorable one in India,
and not likely to be forgotten. ’ -.t was the year
of the terrible mutiny wnicii raged over half the
country and threatened at one time to overthrow
the English rule.

- I was a young subaltern in the 19th I-Iussars,

which I had joined the year previous. I was

longing for an opportumty to .show of what
metal I was made. Soldiers’ blood ran in my
‘ ‘veins, for my family -had for generations ‘fur-
- ‘ nished good and true men to the American army.

.I was also in love, a by no means uncommon

*- feeling in a young soldier. And, also, as fre--

quently happens, there were great obstacles that
_ I seemed to be between me and the object of my

aﬂections. Edith Fitzpatrick, for that was her
7. 1 name, was a. beautiful girl. Her face beamed

‘ ~ with good nature, and her golden hair and lovely
blue eyes made a conquest of me as soon as I
knew her. . . '

. It was on the P. & O. steamer Indus that we
had first met. I was journeying by steamer to
‘i join my_ regiment and she having Just _hn1shed
her education was going out to India to Join her
father. A steamer is admirably ﬁtted for a
. ﬂirtation, and we were both desperately in love

‘with each other; we both pledged eternal con-

stancy, and Edith vowed that if she could not
i marry me she would never marry.
V Her father was the colonel of the regiment I

 was about to join, and would hardly approve of
the marriage of hlS __only daughter to a young
and penniless oﬂicer, who had only his sword to
depend upon for a living.

A.We- therefore determined to keep our engage-
rnent secret, and_ trusted that somehow things
«would come out right.

I joined my regiment and attended to the usual
routine of- a subaltern’s_ life. Endless drills and
paradesoccupied my time, but no chance came
Lto distinguish myself. ,
' *1 saw Edith but seldom- I I
.,When we met however, her looks and words
“showed me plan’ y that she was still true to her

      
     
 
  

  

  

In the spring of 1857 matters began to get
serious in Bengal. Native agitators were spread-
ing o/veigh the lléiind, and were busy in trying to
Leon-apt e so ,ers. _

Thee werecomposed of_Hindoos and Moham-
 non-commissioned officers were na-
ﬁves,‘ and the superior oﬂicers were Europeans.
‘ﬂy business is not to‘ tell how the mutiny orig-
 This is a long story. I have simply to
deal with facts»-as they affect my fortunes. _
-I had been sent to Chendaree, in Bengal, some
;.Aistance {rom Cawrliapore, on special work. I had
'~' strengthen the uropeans who wer'¢Ia‘hi_n coni-
 :fut1:lp'Il‘;nth Bengal Cavalry. is regi-
Mgnpeoial precautions were" taken.. .
4“  one 01 the native sergeants, or Havildar, as _he
I    ,_ was Sewal: Tewaree. He was a Hin-

and swarthy and _villainous-looking
‘he ‘ rod 11 ~8

  
   
 
 

,.

    
   
 

  

  
 
 
   

set! to be inclined to rebel, and‘

it FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

instantly shot. a

regiment, and it was determined, if chance offa-r

shots
‘ tat‘

    
   
   
   
    
        
      

the ringleader of the discontended spirits in ﬁrth

ed, to make an example of him. ;
But .he had more than ‘he usual amount at
Oriental cunning. 
One day, however, he allowed himself of " ‘-
way to his passion and committed a gross act at
insubordination.  
He was court-martialed. I was the principal‘ .~
witness against him, and Ile was ordered to be 
flogged and dismissed from the regiment. The 
sentence was duly carried out, and no more was 4
thought of it. I have dwelt on thi; incident, as.’ .
its sequel was fraught with the most momené’ .-
tous consequences. -, 
Some two months after .Ziis event I was in 
charge of a small force‘ of thirty men at an out-A;
post about ﬁfty miles from Chendaree.
Colonel Fitzpatrick had been to inspect o_
little garrison and had brought his daughter
her maid Mary with him. After staying three
days he started for Chendaree with his aidie,.and:.-
it was arranged that Edith and her maid ‘
travel home with three native attenants of prove(_
ﬁdelity. She did not go with her father, ‘as
was visiting various posts on the way, and.woul§,
be somewhat delayed. ‘
About two hours, therefore, after the colonel
started, Edith bade me an aifectionate farewell? ’
and departed. I had charged the co1oriel’s’
sergeant, Hussan Uskaree, to guard her ‘faith;
fully, and hesolemnly swore to do so. Th’
somewhat relieved me, because, although rebel
lion had not actually broken out yet, it wai
necessary to take precautions. ‘— 1.:
I sat in the bungalow with Harry"I‘albot, '
fellow officer of my own age, smoking a 

and thinking of Edith. ..
He was teasing me about her, and I bore 31:.
gwid tem because
e had een si '

his jokes with the utmost

I knew he was true to me.

there for perhaps, two hours, when I was sta
by the appearance of Hussau Uskaree at the
of the bungalow. As he entered I rose from my“
chair and regardedghim with anxiety.

“Tell me,” I shouted, “in the name «.7 Heaven”.
what has happened?” A -

“ 'b,” he said, in hoarse accents, “the V
lady has been taken from me. Oh, I am ’
I am lost!” ‘"

It appeared that after the party had travel
about ﬁve miles Edith and her maid were riding,
ahead of the two soldiers, and Hussan was
little distance in the rear. »

When they were on the edg of a thick j
a body of men on horseback sprang out of
bush and seized the two girls. Thertwo .» '
soldiers dashed forward to help them, and ~

.§;s

  
   
         
        
    
         
     
      
     
       
  

  
  

  

      
         
   
    
       
  

   
   
  

  

i

   
       
     
     
  
    
   

   

somgg
.ae.

     
    
  
  

Hussan immediately stopped, as he knew-~ '
couldrender no help, and turned his horse qui .
around. He saw the girls and a number of t
captors disappear in the Jungle, and he .‘
put spurs to his horse and urged him along»
the utmost speed, for three of the villains.
were %concerned in thevcrime came after him. " 
knew what to expect it he was captured, and
er a.hard ride of two miles he managed to’

  
  
  
     
  
  

  

   
 
    
  

     

distance his pin-suers,_ and luckily esca:e;d*.%
a

they sfent %fl7el‘ lﬁ1ma r.fdh
w 8 171': ~
.54?-*4-11 . ..

   

"gelcome to  No sooner had he ﬁnished than
4. peon, or messenger, came running up breath-
gasly with dispatches from headquarters. The
Hntents were alarming. The ‘mutiny had al-
_ ‘ready commenced, and the most orrible atroci-
.-. ‘es had been corfrllllndltted bylthe I(‘i(:ibe(iS,t especially
-4. - women and c i ren. _ is 8 e 9 my 389'
'_ny, and I dreaded to think what fate was on
 for the girl I loved. _
“Hussan,” I said, "have you no idea whothg
_villains were who have taken Miss Fitzpatrick.
ﬂ ak, man!" _
f'f‘Sahib,” he replied, “_I was some _way off, and
could therefore with diﬁiculty distinguish their
faces. One, however, I could almost switearsto. lit
7was that old Havilda: of the regimen . awa
.;'!'e=waree.” . ’ ,
"‘."'My mind was soon made lup. I (ietelgnltllllled at
all hazards to follow on t e trac o e ex-
ghavildali; and his tgang and rescue Edith or per-
— ° in t e attemp . _
':"I decided to take Hussan, on whose ﬁdelity I
 .. . rely, and whose knowledge of the country
"5 uld be I ble.
"5.’ also tov<)zl‘:u’c?:n of our native troops, on whose
',_ grity and courage I could rely_, and_mount1ng
'5 '1' horses, we started on our perilous iourney.

”:$At length night came, but we still rode on. Not

  

  
  
   
  
  
 

 

 
  
  

1" long, for the sharp eyes of Hussan detected,
a considerable distance away, a faint glimmer
‘Of light, which he pronounced to be a campﬁre.

e immediately halted, and‘ sent one of our party
'rward to reconnoiter. He returned in a few
inutes, saying he had been near enough to see
.'.ho the cam consisted of. He saw a female
-' which e was almost certain was the col-
. j I el’s daughter, and by the light of the ﬁre rec-
 ‘ the old sergeant of the regiment. Our
.' Worst fears were realized, and we knew no mercy
'_g was to be expected. _ _
v--{He resolved to join the camp ir_nmediatelY- I
I . = . - -.. dresses with one of the men, and some
'7 Iorsoon rendered my face and hands to an ap-
is‘-: ance of that of a young I-Iindoo. Hussan
-. v t on a long robe and assumed as nearly as pos-
‘'‘‘.’sible the dress and manner of an India fakir. I
"hold the men what we intended doing, and I cau-
iioned them to be on the alert and in constant
V‘ , ' ' egg to ﬂy if we managed to return with the

‘ ._ ' Is. I had no fear of their roving remiss.
 we got near the camp e noise of our
movements was heard by the sentry who turned

saw us in a moment. Immediately he pointed
: riﬂe at us. Hussan fell on his knees and
 his hands and shouted a_ greeting in

i , ° oostanee. This seemed to satisfy the man,

who bade us approach. He,
 to cover us with his riﬂe. He made us
: ,_' ‘ before him, and in this way we were ush-
"‘ .- into the resence of the Ihvildar. _

...~. “Great Lo ,” said Hussan‘, “thy servant is a
- ~‘-- fakir, bound for the holy city of Meerut.
3:» youth is a poor ballad singer whom I met
 the way. We craave, humbly, food and

" we had eaten some food, Sewak Tewaree

--.-. _. us toapproach. I moved over to where
xi:-is were _seabt;dthand Hussan statlnear mt:

: ' "  ded . e ex-” .

-_.,_,;‘f». .. Leonid some simple ballfa?which 1 had
 < gnd.I‘observed ;that Sowak’s face took

 

 

     
 
    

 

 

‘A

   
        
  

   

L FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

however, never '

29

Before starting for the camp I had written a
note telling Edith to be on her guard, that
friends were in the camp and would endeavor to
rescue them that night. This I managed to give
her, unperceived by anyone.

Sewak began to get drowsy and gave the sig-
nal for retiring.

Soon all the camp was in profound slumber
except Hussan and myself and the two girls, who
were in an agony of anticipation. The ‘sentry
was also wide awake. He was posted outside the
entrance to the girls’ tent.

Hvssan and I were lying at some distance from
the Havildar’s followers and ..ear the girls’ tent.
Our object was to get an entrance to this tent in
some way. We talked softly and soon decided
that one plan only was feasible. I was to creep
around to the back of the tent and cut a hole in
it through which the girls could escape. Hus-
san meanwhile was to look after the sentry.

I crept along most carefully, scarcely rising
from the ground and taking care to keep in the
dark shadow. Soon I reached the tent, and draw-
ing my knife I softly and cautiously made a long
cut in it, sufficient to enable the inmates to get
through. '

The girls were on the alert, and in a minute
Edith was in my arms. I told the girls to follow
me, and to move with the least possible noise. At
this moment the sentry started as if he heard a
noise, and moved toward the door of the tent. One
look and the empty tent would have been seen,
and all was lost. Hussan had seen this danger,
and at the instant the sentry turned his back he
struck him. With scarcely a groan the sentry
fell down dead. Hussan then (passed through the
tent, _ ing out at the cut I 1.2: made in the back.
In ‘a ew moments he joined me and the captives,
and we made for our men with all possible speed.

Very. soon we reached our rendezvous. The
men were all ready. I placed Edith in the sad-
dle in front of me, and Hussan did the same with
the maid. The poor girls were almost dead with
fear and fatigue.

We rode on until we came to a broad and rapid
stream. _

This effectually barred our path, and must be
crossed. To our dismay, we saw Sewak’s party
at a considerable distance in the rear, riding as
hard as they could to overtake us. We put our
horses at the water. It was the only chance of
life. The ladies never ﬂinched. The horses bat-
tled bravely with the ﬂood, but I thought it was
all over with us. By superhuman eﬁorts at length

we reached the opposite bank in safety. Not too ‘

soon, for just at this moment Sewak and his band
appeared at the opposite bank.
Leaving four men to keep the river, we urged
our horses on.. They were nearly dead beat. _
Judge of our joy when ‘we met a large party
of our own regiment galloping toward us. Colo-
nel Fitzpatrick was with them. In a moment

Edith was sobbing on his neck. The old colonel"

had heard of her capture, and was on his way to
endeavor to come up with the miscreants who
had taken her. '

He overwhelmed me with thanks, and could say
nothingwhen I toldhimofmyloveandaskedhim
for her hand. _

:After the_mutiny'wu over I married Edith and
later leaned Sowak-had been taken a prisons:-.,

  
 
  
  
   
  
    
        
   

FIRST BUFFALO NICKEL

I - The first issue was in February, 1913. In May,
’ 1913, the die was changed in order to bring ‘out
the words “ﬁve cents” more plainly. There is no
premium on the ﬁrst nickels.

, BEWARE OF POOR MINDS

When you are driving, look out for the man
with the poor mind rather than the one with the
poor eye-sight. __

Dr. Harold D. Judd of Detroit has recently
made a study of one hundred serious automobile
casualties, in co-operation with the Detroit Police
Department, and has come to the conclusion that

of most of the accidents.
per cent. visual eﬂicieni? and a 100 per cent.
mentality,” Doctor Ju is quoted as saying,
“would make a more careful drivei'_than the man
with perfect eyes and half mental1ty._ Observa-
tion has shown also that the man with perfect
eyes and full intelligence is liable to be_ more
 careless than the man who knows his eyesight is
bad, but who is mentally normal.” Out of the
one hundred cases studied, Doctor Judd found

“A man with only 50

   

' FRENCH POLICE ITSE WIRELESS T0
TRANSMIT FINGERPRINTS

The French police, always famed for the Pet“?-
tion of their organization, are now using ‘the radig
to transmit pictures of ﬁnge rints of_ wanted

sons and criminals, as wel as their general
escrifition, Belinograph transmitters have been
insta ed, in the Prefecture of Police, with which
otographs of ﬁngerprints can be ﬂashed to other
ranch cities either over the telegraph wire or by
-_ radio in a few seconds. _ . _
Speed is one_ of the most important factors in
' the battle against c e, and the Detective De-
‘" ent is conﬁdent t at the installation of the
-mggraph will make the crook’s Job considerably
more hazardous. ‘ _ _ ‘
' It is understood other countries are planning to
. follow the French example. This should help the
7 to catch international criminals who have
able to escape across. frontiersby using rapid
f hinsportation before their descriptions could
Lunch the frontier stations.

......r————-—-

 i ‘R D10. DEVICE TO PREVENT
’ * “NEWOOLIIISIONS AT SEA IN FOG

. ‘Announcement of a new radio devise to re-
A’ Uiioezthe chances of collision between vessels at
‘ in stormor fog, was made recently _by the
 , -Telegraph Company of California, fol-

: tests along the Pacific Qoast made by the

. gnu. Ligh Service, thmstandard
al Telegraph Com-

  

   
 
  

 
  
 

5%

     
  

   

     
   

    
  

FAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS

r minds rather than poor eyes are the cause _

A » only five unquestionably due to defective eyesight. I

V express and accommodation streets and the ab?”

‘  A...’ 1; or .i..‘L{.a.1..’u_. - J3.

It is described as a low power automatic radio.f.¥.”'
transmitter which sends out a characteristic." 5
sigﬁal over a short distance. "

It is installed in the pilot house and operates
independently of the ship’s wireless apparatus.
In foggy weather the device is turned on. The;
radio signal it transmits is heard by any ship‘.
within ten ‘miles, which b the use of the radio;
compass, or direction {in er, can determine the,’
position of the approachingrvessel. ‘’

..._.'.n..;

 

:«3....¢.. ;.. <4 ..‘.!s‘.i.ii":.....£;..s_.

EDISON FORESEES NEW ERA OF DISAS-
TER WITH AIR TRAFFIC -4!
M

_ The’ city of today has outgrown its usefulnessgc _
in the opinion of Thomas A. Edison, who, ‘ 
interview b Edward Marshall in the current 
sue of the Mum Magazine, visualizes the sciensi’ -
tiﬁc city of the future. 33'

 
 
  

  

   
   
 

 :4

In this city of future, as foreseen by the noted; 
inventor, time saving will be of rime impor- 
tance, and traﬂic congestion will e solved by. 7 [,1
the mathematician, who will supplant the traﬂic V3
policeman; crime will decrease before the ad- “iii
vent of the scientiﬁc oliceman, and taxes ' 1
become astonishingly ow with government o£- 53
cities by experts. -   ,
Noise in the cit of the future, however, in )3 
opinion of Mr. E ison, will increase rather  “-3

decrease, but the human being will become suf
ﬁciently deafened by nature so that his nerv “
will be able to withstand the increased din, tho‘,
Associated Press reports. ‘; i

Two methods of regulating trafﬁc are
vanced by Mr. Edison, the one being creation of

 
 
     
 

  
 
 
 
  
 

    
   
 

the depressing of cross streets. But solution ' ,
the traﬂic problem, he holds, lies in thernathe-'”
éneattisian, with his labors augmented by the arch!-1

c . ’

- The skyscra r, originally built as a 
saver, -Mr. Edipshn believes, must eventually  '-
restricted to prevent it from becomin a 
loser, due to the hu e masses of people lea "
and entering the bui dings at the same hour; 
The roofs of buildings, now generally un ‘°
will be converted into landing ﬁelds, Mr.
ion says, especially with the pr fection of
elicopter for vertical rising. his will b
on an era 0 new catastrophes, he foresees. *
even this wi not prevent the general use of 
craft. , C , ' T-
The loss of acute hearing foreseen by . .
Edison will be a beneﬁt, rather than a handi‘ v - . "
to the city dweller, he believes. He points to II!
own almost total deafness and says it has givﬁf
him steady nerves which even the greatest-unzip:
of the cities cannotjar.

    
       
   
 
 

 
   
   

 
  
    
      
       
    

 
  

    
  

   
     
          

o.

      

Government of American cities by expert _
ClltlVe8gJI6 ints out, merely will follow ﬁre,
tam ing in Gerinanyfor 70021.3!‘
pro i‘ ,thatwhenAinericandtiata&ls

   
   
 

 

     

mobile, P in    sans

ner-his

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

31

 TIMELY TOPICS

I _ A MOTHER FROG
;_. ‘An evoluting frog has confounded science by
,' eloping a mother _inst1nct,_usually thought to
~-’ reserved for the higher an1mals._
3 — .1n the hedge bank ne_ar Llandrinio. Wales, ‘the
i:-frog, a female, is bringing up a famil_v_of robms,
Vrhose mother apparently had been killed. All
 she‘ is busy collecting worms and ﬂies for her
_. ‘ﬁfmter family, pausing only to croak, angrily when

-lc,n_rious visitors got too near. the nest.

{DOG “EXECUTED” AS COUNTY COURT
 ‘ DENIES APPEAL .-

.“Sport,” St. Boniface dog, who bit a woman
_:who was pulling his mistress’ 'hair dl1l'lIl2.3 fight,
~- ' ' executed at dawn the other day at Winnipeg,

 
  

  
 

The sentence of death was imposed on_ “Sport”
-_ a trial two months ago, his counsel pleading
- t the dog “bit to save.” Recently the sentence

‘iii the city lnagistrate was conﬁrmed by the
7 -county gourt and “Sport” was chloroformed.

.3‘

.  ~ AN UNUSUAL FAMILY »
‘,'Woodchucks and rats live in peaceful happiness
.011: a certain street in Bowdoinham, Mame.
. family of rats have a home under an old stone
, wall, coming out after crumbs thrown to the birds.
‘*0i_lé day recently, a young woodchuck leisurely
 the state road, _tak1ng his time between
 found the rat dining-room, and ate peace-
.; ﬁllly through a course meal, in spite of the rats
‘_ -that soon appeared. When next seen. there were
"'three woodchucks and as many rats, and so far

-this unusual family of diners has remained un-
molested ‘

   

   

  

3’ WIS SCIENTISTS PLAN USE OF RAYS
‘A ‘ S FROM THE STARS
Two Swiss scientists, Doctor Kolvorster and
r Deesalis, who have been living in a tent
’ »- ?the past month on the summit of Monch Moun-
P‘. at an altitude of 13,465 feet, making astro-
 observations, report a remarkable scien-
~ discovery. _
They found that a certain group of stars send
~ extraordinary rays of light, whose radioactive
'” ; is far stronger than that of Roentgen rays.
' scientists hope to capture and employ these
,_ - . for scientiﬁc and medical purposes.
 to the cold weather the astronomers
w ' obliged to cease ‘further investigations this
1 “U r and descended at Interlaken. ' .

     
 
   
   
 
 

   

 

V2‘? PPLED ITALIAN IN TINY BOAT BE-
'_2f- ’ D LOST NEAR’ NEW YORK AFTER
’ ’.‘ LONE TRIP_FROM NAPLES
‘ i th h‘ h tl.
"°§1§.’L‘g°i§"'ti?e ds§..-1J§m’°§i ‘iii’: ixiffitel
~. _ » of Captain Terezio Fava, who is thought
#3.» ve perished when only a few miles from his
‘ in his attempt to reach New York from

  
 
  

 

 A I f‘f,},.‘.’_’°°1‘§'.“.°t‘;‘i»¢’§a°‘}’£’.?"£.. ‘ir°3‘x‘i§“a§i“ "$3

_. gandahalf

months ago in the ei8ht¢¢n
_..

   

foot cutter Stella Maris and was last seen ten
weeks ago 200 miles from his journey’; end.
Captain Fava lost both ‘his feet through
freezing during the war. Despite this handicap,
attracted by a prize of $50,000 offered by a rich
Italo-American, he set out alone in his little
boat on March 3. Forty-ﬁve days later he was
seen passing through the Straits of Gibraltar.
He was again lost sight of till Jul , when the
steamer Assunta met him in mi —ocean. In
August the steamer Providence saw him’ off the
coast of Newfoundland. Ten weeks ago the
steamer Duilio sighted him 200 miles from New
York. Since then he has not been seen.
Captain Fava started with four months’ sup-
plies and he has been gone eight and a half
months. It is thought possible that he suc-
cumbed to hunger and fatigue or perished in a
,storm oil’ the American coast. The Government
has taken an interest in Captain Fave’: case and

has instructed its representatives abroad to make

inquiries abroad to ascertain his fate.

IN THE HEAVENS

The constellation Andromeda is of_ particular
interest, since from it showers of meteors appear
at intervals. These meteors are associated with
the mysterious Biela’s comet,» which disappeared
in the ﬁrst half of the nineteenth century, and
may have left behind this “star dust," or group
of meteors, which reappear at this time each year.

Andromeda passes across the meridian, almost '

directly overhead. It is a long, sprawling constel-
lation. As an aid in locating it, first ‘ﬁnd Mars,
the brilliant red planet. Draw an imaginary line
front Mars to the big, brilliant W-shaped con-
stellation of Cassiopeia. Halfway along that line
you will cut the eastern part of_ Andromeda, com-
ing close to the easternmost star of this group,
Almaak. Almaak is in the left foot of the im-
aginary Princess. To the southwest come three
more bright stars in a row, representing the
girdle, the left breast and the left shouolder.

Between the two middle stars of Andromeda
and Cassiopeia shines a faint wisp of light, barely
showing to the naked eye, but under the tele-
scope one of the most wonderful sights in the
heavens. It is the famous nebula of Andromeda,
which some astronomers regard as a whole uni-
verse still in the making.

In ancient mythology, Andromeda was the
daughter of Cepheus and Cassiopeia, King and
Queen of Ethiopa. Cassiopeia offended Neptune
by claiming that she was more beautiful than
the sea nymphs.
monster to ravage the kingdom. ‘ In answer to the
Ethiopians’ plea, Zeus intervened and said that
the sea monster would be checked. but .only on con-
dition that Andromeda be sacriﬁced to the beast.
The unhappy Princess was accordingly taken to
the shore and chained to a rock to await the
monster. Just as she was about to be devoured,
Perseus. son of Zeus, rescued her. Zeus, working

a favorite trick of his, transported all the princi-

pals in the drama to the stars. where, accordin
to legend. Andromeda may still be seen chaineﬁ
to the rock ,_ A -.

 
    

Neptune, angered. sent a sea‘

  
   

and Fortune Weekly

-—- LATEST ISSUES ——

'1m8:Playing For Money: or. The Boy Trader of Wall
I069 The §ié§:Eopper Miner: or. Ted Brown's Rise to
1070 Tips 01! the Tape: or. The Boy Who startled Wall

mi Striking It Rich: or, From oince Boy To Iler.
" chant Prince

‘A ‘Fame

1072 Lucky in Wall Street: or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers.

1073 In a Class by Himself; or. The Plucky Boy Who
Got to the Top. ‘

1074 Bullingc the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Worked
I OPIIPP.
‘ ;l075 After the Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of the

an e,
1076 Little Jay Perkins. the Broker: or. Shearing the
’ Wall Street “Lambs."
I0?7‘The Yri-ung Coal Baron: or, Five Years With The
ners. /.
I078 (Joining Money: or. The Boy Plunger of Wall
roe . -
1079 Among the Tusk Hunters: or, The Boy Who Found
‘ an Diamond Mine.
~IQl A Game Boy: or. From the Slums to Wall Street.
I081 A Wait’; Legacy: or. How It Made a Poor Boy

I082 Fighting the Money Kings: or. The Little specu-
lator oi‘ Wall Street. . ' l
' 1% A Boy With Grit: or. The Young Salesman Who
Made His Mark.
IN4 Ted. the Broker's son: or. Starting Out For Him-

r se .
3% Dick Dar-rell's Nerve: or. From Engine-House to
~ Manager-'s Oflice. /
1% Under A Lucky star: or. The Boy Who Made a
Million in Wall Street. '

118! ,Japk';vP‘rl~étuue: or. The strangest Legacy in the
‘ OI‘ . ' -2 ‘

I488 Taking Chances: or. Playing For Big Stakes.
10$ LoatKIn the Tronic's:l or. The Treasure of Turtle

ev. -

3090 Ten Silent Brokers: or, The Boy Who Broke the
W I Street Svndicate.

IQ! Only a Factory Boy; or. Winning a Name For

‘ Himself.
.1132 Fox &fDa.v. Bigitkers: or. The Young Money Makers
_ V o a ree . -
‘i_ 103 The Little ‘Wizard: or. The Success of s Iounz

Invditor.
‘INC A Young Mechanic: or. Rising to Fame and For-

     
  
   
    
   
 
  
      
      
   
     
      
      
   

    
 
 
   
   

II t .
1130 In the Lani; of Gold: or. The Young Castaways
of the Mystic I le .
tnontds: ‘or. The Twin
:-

. s .
dim Eastman «I: Go. Stocks and

- Boy Brokers at Wall 8 ee.
‘ Iﬂ After the Golden Eagles: or, A Lucky Young Wall
 “ Street Broker.

Ii“ A Lucky Lad; or. The Boy Who Madea Railroad

. — Pay.
I.100'l'oo Good to Last: or, Six Months In the Wall
Street Money Market.
101 Dick. The Roy Lawyer: or. Winning a Big Fee.
@102 Broker Dexter's New Boy: or. A Young Innocent
= . . In Wall Street. ~
jlﬁ From Mill to Millions: oz. The Poor-Boy Who Be-

~ came‘ a Steel Manna e. . --
1101 Three Game Speculators; or. The Wall Street Boys’

icate.
105 A strokgnlwt Luck: or. The Boy Who Made Money
. ’ ll .

‘[108 Little Hail, The Boy Trader: or. Picking Li

‘ Money in Wall Street. \
$01 On tile‘ Gohlirl Coast: or. The Treasure oi’ the Strand-

- n.
W Lured bythe Market: or. A Boy’: Big Deal in Wall
. " , 1'9 1
l1jD‘Trad::ig ,'I"oin; or. -The Boy Who Bought Every-
n .
1139 rm-m_-mi ‘xv Fortune; or. The Youngest Firm in
~ r Wall Street.

"1111 Jack J9-ner's‘Vcnture; or. A Canal Route to For-

., . t .. ' .
3112 After-;'£l)z Money: or. Turning the '.l‘ablea,on the

  
 
 
 
   
   

   
   
   
 
 
 
    
 

       
  

all Street Brokers.

'sslol>yslInowu|sslers.sru-lllblssc-n:to—sIl!
sIrsedpts¢prleo.Ie.pcr¢OD!-immune!!!’
shun . ., .

4
~‘:.

"‘“¥“W*".t23d st-at

huh Bl.IIit“I1'n%lI'I’y's Boy: or. Gathering the Dollars In
W ll eet w

roux TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS  

Useful, Instructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

,,.‘

No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK STOMP 
SPEAKER.-—Containing a varied assortment of stumy-wry‘
speeches, Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end men's jokes.

No. 44. HOW TO WRITE IN AN ALBl’M.—A grand;
collection of Album Verses suitable for _any time and /«
occasion: embracing Lines of Love, Affection. Sentiment, * 
Humor. Respect. and Condolence; also Verses Suitable ;
for Valentines and Weddings.

No. 52. HOW’ TO PLAY CARDS.-—-A comiilete and
handy little book. giving the rules and full directions
for playing Fuchre. Cribbage. Casino. Fo_v-tv—ﬂve.
Bounce, Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch, All ‘
Fours. and many other popular games of cards.

No. 53. HOW’ TO WRITE LE'l"I'ERS.—A wonderful
little book. telling you how to write to your sweetheart,
your father. mother. sister. brother. employer: and in
fact everybody; and anvlmdv voii wish to write to.

No. 65. HOW TO (‘0I.I.E("l‘ STAMPS AND COIN§¢—- -
Containim: valuable information regarding the collect- ;

ing and arranging of stamps and coins. l-Iandsomely‘
illustrated. V
No. 5'1. IIOIV TO MAKE VIUSIFAI. IN§'l‘RI7.\IV!N’l'§. .

  

-—Ful1 directions how to make a Banjo, Violin, Zither,
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone "and other musical instru-
'ments: together with a brief description of nearly every
musical instrumcnt used in ancient or modern tiines.<i._._‘._—4i
Profusely illustrated. "

No. 58. HOW TO BE A DETECTIVE}.-—By Old King
Brady. the well-known detective.‘ In which he lay down 
some valuable rules for beginners. and also rela some . '12
adventures of well-known detectives. ' Z 

No. 81. HOVV TO BECOME A BOWLER.—A complete
manual of bowling. (‘ontairiing full instructions for
playing all the standard American and German games
together with rules and systems in use by the princip
bowling clubs. . -

No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELEC'l‘RI_CAL MAPHINII.
——-Containing full directions for making electrical may
chines. induction coils. dvnamos. and many novel ‘
to be worked by ‘electricity. By R. A. Bennett.

illustrated. \ '

No. 67. HOVV TO DO EI.EC'l'BICAL.'l'BICK§.—Con- '
taining a large collection oi’ instructive and highly,
amusing electrical tricksbgigether with illustrations. By
A. Anderson.

No. 69. HOW TO DO SLEIGHT-01?‘-ﬂAN‘D.—ContQ1n&
inc over iitty of the latest and best tricks used by ant
glcians. Also containing the secret of second six
Fully illustrated. ‘
No. '12. HOW TO no SIXTY TRICKS WITH CA)n¢,.
—Embi-acing all of the latest and most deceptive cngﬂ
tricks with illustrations. ' _
No. 73. HOW TO DO 'l‘RIC‘_KS WITH "cub
Showing many curious tricks with ﬁgures and the magic
of numbers. By A.!Anderson. Fully illustrated. ,‘ .

No. '14. 'IIO\V TO WRITE LETTERS COAWRECTLYA-'
Containing full lnsti-uctions‘tor writing letters on a
any sub ect: also rules for punctuation and con ‘
tiou. wit specimen letters. 3 ._- c

No. '16. IIO\V TO TELL FORTITNES BY THE 11%
——Containing rules for telling fortunes by the ad‘ _
lines oi‘ the h_and. or the secret of palmistrv. Also‘thQ
secret of telling future events by aid of iiioles. nan‘
scat-s.. etc. Illustrated. -

'0. . HOW TO DO FORT? TRIGKS WI
CABIJS.-—-Contain ng deceptive Card Tricks as 7
formed by lendin conjurers and magicians. ;

No. 79. now To nucoxs AN Acton.-—c_onlil§s&
complete instructions how to make up for various -
acters on the stage: together with the duties or
§tnge Manager. Promoter. Scenic Artist and Pro

Ian.
> No. 80. (His WILLIAMS‘ JOKE BOOK.-—CoI1tI|i
the latest jokes. anecdotes and funny stories of
world-renowned German comedian. ,
No. 82. IIOVV TO DO PAI.MlSTRY.—ContainiiI|’
most approved methods or reading the lines on _
. hand. together with a full explanation of their mean!
Also explaining nhrcnologyaand the key for
character by the bumps on the head. By Leo Hugo»
Koch. A.C.S. Fully illustrated. "

For sale by all newsdeslers. or will he sent imam}
address on receipt of price. 106. )0! copy. ‘
in inner or stslnvl. Iv!

assay E. WOLFF.:Publlsher;1njs. A

  

  

 
       
 

ii



 

          
 
 
  

   
     
   
  
 
 
  
  

      
    
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 

     
  
  
  

  
      
     
 
      

  

    