  NECK @[‘§XIRTERa
ammr  

/S-Vﬂtd W¢¢v9/y- 3)! Subscription 52.5019” year. Entered as Second Class Matter at New York Pusl Oﬂice by STREET & SMITH, 236’ 11'1"!/ram _)‘t.. N. Y.

No. 263. Price, Five Cents.

  

/,  .

\
“sue: cu:-rm," mssxn DIIRK. "you an AT 300:, um 1 non YOU'LL IUYFIB A rnousurn Dunn nos. -mun uron nu-
IATLL Ion .\.Iaxvll."—(cnArr:1\ cz.v.)

  

   

 

t... «u4....§$v......é..% 4. ,


:3. _,§@

..W§.

 
 

 

   

  

 

i*Neew. Jersey:

 

ylxnd Wally. By Subsmlvtthu €1.59 taryear. Euttrtdas Saceud Clan Mmcr at the A’. Y. Post 01776:. by STREET & smrrn, 233 William St., A’. Y.
Eutorcd accardfug to Act of (burrs: in tlayur lane. in It: Oﬁc: of tin Librarian of Cang-ress. H«'a:lu'u[!an. D. C. f

N09 2639

NEW YORK. Janugry H, 1903.

I .

  mu cm:  ADVENTURES,

By" the author of"‘NICHOLAS mm» '

CHAPTER CXLVIII.
A max FROM THE GRAVE.

‘“,A. long passenger express train was making the

V list lap of its journey from the West to New York. -,

' It hadieft Philadelphia about three heurs after
midnight, and was now more than half way across

 night was at its darkest, for it was late initllre

aitxttmzn,‘-a*adT_~the sun was not due to’ rise foir«mVoire

than: twe hours.

 Carter, who had made a ﬂying visitfto’ iPhiia!- .

iei’phi»a,‘ leaving New York on the’previau's.eve.ning;
d bogzrded the train at that city and taken} berth
i$lecp¢_=!'- 3 A M ’ ‘ J

7 1.-Q hzidefalleh asleep at once.

 _ eoiiger a£‘a stretch than any ‘other man‘ living.

’ ii” aa;L,ia€§:l;ManeVe tojrest,.he lost no time in

  «oniy ‘a; secenxl aft K

 keen-iilii  ‘

M e!iee«;xi—.1't“xicqnscious'   V

He was quivering in every ii/mi)‘, and his feet we _€ M

numb. Li
At first he thought they had been dri\'em_cieé.

through the partition at the end of his berth. 3 1
This Jae: 5:91;: him immediately what nae} he

jpenedg that is, that the train had come to a_T§u_

stop.

The foreeef the traitfs previous; motidn haé, ea,
tied his body ahead as far as it couid go, whk; *3:
only a few inches, and his feet had jammed with gr
violence against the partition. 1 L’ 7

«But there was more than that to iziform hisii fth"
situation. i ‘ h j % V i

The L ear ‘was’ shaking, there was ethe. $1.3
breaking “and creaking woodwori-c, and ihe ’’
of iron as the bdyicif the car ﬁles xvrcuehec _
oxi%.é.csi1isso;xi%""sg;id Nick; simng uv
' " 2 trousers   i

=iiisfdxe§é*n31ywh}¢a»e .

Pm Fm Cents. ‘  ‘ii

    
 

 during the few seconds since the shock, and window. There's another man outside who will help
 hat the car tipped over almost upon its side.‘ you down.” .
‘By this time there were screams and cries from the The detective himself braced his body slantwise

   
    
    
  
 
  
  
 
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
      

 P-33“ fmm i“.l“1'i°5- _ . The womanehad just begun to climb up to the
p 13. lights in the car had gone out. window when a man tried to crowd past.

. H V .l°°“1d 5°C “ﬁllings and “aching 01“. hi5 just enough starlight came from the window to
hefound that berths on the opposite side, and enabh Nick to 5ee_h;3 form_ r '

 had been th’°w“’ were empty‘ "No, you don't!" cried the detective, sternly,
‘ , Shy, he hearda man struggling to get out, but grabbing the man by the collar and yanking him
" A ‘°.b°’3b1° *0 hell) himself- a back. “Women first, you coward!”

 iiﬂemrthcir along were evidgenily in con’ “Get out of my \v3)’l" retorted the unseen man.

harshly.
He tried to shake off the detective's grip, but even
though he used both hands, he could not do so.

ere trying to crawl to the door, and the pas-‘
badly blocked. I . . ‘ ~

egthis‘ way, everybody,” called Nick, realizing
thatpihe narrow passage around the wash-
‘ dubelhopeless as a way of getting" out, now

Then he drew away suddenly, and Nick, who was
trying to steady the woman with his other hand, let

‘was on inside’ i got d’ tel the a se' d n d n d i
. . 3. ’ I1 I C ma
bed back _mto his berth‘ and opened the h,er':::;" 3 m p Z6 ,1 W0 " an Pu C

“y, who had taken courage at his call, was Slim screamefiwnh fen-or’
y” . him» i I ' A . J Nick was boiling with anger and contempt.
.o r  ea" get onto‘ the window, mister?" _ He would have struck at the man in the darkness,
“ we; ‘ v 9 L by ’ , but that he feared to l'llt the woman, who was partly
. cklanswered, “up..withyou._ I'll l1elp.", beawcen tam‘ " _ _ _
3 X. scrambled uh an .crape¢.V.°put- ’ Be calm, madam, he Sald, getting to his feet, so

fheg dmpped from the Sidgigf thehar’ he] that he could’ work more freely.
«  and reached his hand  V ' ,“Ohl" she answered, “let him out first, if he wants
I, gzhesaid, “my turn to help now}? ; ‘ _ L to .g._°‘" l n _

éd Nickﬁatlvll stay hm.e_tiu ‘an a{.eMout_ p l Itﬁoccurred to lvick that perhaps some time might.
. M m¥,w5.ef‘eJy6u are’ igﬂycu/?Scc any dif_ , be saved by letting the cowardly fellow crawl out

- women to th'e‘j«g':,°u.‘n4d'yr ’ ahead. of the others; but he did "not believe that ‘there

;  ..,:,wa_,;€:  p  ' T  ;_;was great danger in a few second’s delay, and he was ,
A’ ' i too indignant to give the cut any advantage.

“Not inuch!" he answered, and by that time he '
had felt of them in the darkness and knew ‘where be A‘
could  if 4 , ‘ i , V V
of marrhad started past the woman, andiwas on  ‘ i ‘
Jteiigrasping the window ledge.  .’  , it ‘ i ‘
, his left aria aroinndighergsc to H J’
* a it » TJ;teac“ect=»ait§r  ,

      

 
 
  

    
 

  
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
 
  

_  ,.He caught him by the waistband, and with one
 a jerk ibirouglitihim tumbling back. ‘
 Thenthe detective smashed him one on the head
':A’jthat dropwtd him against the lower berth.
i 1 , “Now, then, madam,” ‘said Nick, as calmly as if
 were at ‘a picnic, “up you go.” '
 A He lifted her to the window. i
ii A M .1 The maneoutside reached down and pulled, and in
 —’a{8¢cond She was out of the car. if M
 ’ .,‘;‘.Curse you ll’ ‘howled the man who had been hit;
“do you mean to stand between a man and his only
yehanee :\o'fvlife?” t e r e ‘ i  
y"Yes,i,when you’re the man,” retortecl Nick, “but
..I“h¥3S_ under -the impression that you were a hog.”
‘ The  had got to his feet andwas again trying
to reach up to the window. » ‘ ~ ,
 here," added Nick, taking him by the
_ 'o.uiiders and forcing him back, ‘»‘I’llimake~ a foot-
etool. of you if yo_u"don’t keep: quiet.” — L
I ‘I‘.etfgne out V‘ ‘roared the other, strugg‘lin‘g:.i ‘
 everybody is out except me‘,”» replied Nick;
i 1'11‘ letyyou go. y Not abefore.A"f
_ ther man had crawled tothje’ spot.
iek held the “hog” ﬁrmly. _ ‘
wiie is here," the newcomer begin,
~ ghee V to the window,” V L
. ,_3niLheIp outside-” \

  

  

  

  

 
 
 
 
       
      
      
 
  

lne,ryous_or not strong enougbsf

'iEk se'eii1”°t!tat his -help was needed. piekedup
,  hionlfthe lower side 0
, _anee*:ot,g1i;;- bet’.  -A L ’ ’ 

I

  

V e __Vthanj‘the“:baekjofthe head.
interrupted Nick.‘

 tried to follow directions, but  V

wges" still struggling, and_istagger"erl‘, _ _ 
» - ‘ f:th.'.;‘  He stumbled back through the car, eallin

 feeling for th_e'person‘whose voice he had~hea:ii£

   
 
     
   

NICKCARITER WEEKLY. is

has been stunned by the shock. I’ll get this fellow
out and then make a search.”

He was about to call for the “hog,” when he heard
the man breathing hard beside him.

“I'll get even with you for this!” muttered the
man, making another attempt to climb to the
window. ‘

This time Nick did not interfere witli him.\ L

“All right,” he responded, quietly, "send in your 3. f
bill.” .. '  ’

In the darkness the man appeared to be a thick
set, heavy fellow, and he was aparently too fright-
ened to make good use of his hands and legs. \
He stumbled back at his ﬁrst try and grohned with
terror. ’  
“Suppose the car should get on ﬁre!” he gasped, i’

“Then we should have a fine lot of roast porlii”
exclaimed Nick. “Here, step on my hands.” 4 h M

He got his hands under the man’s foot and lifted’; 

_The man outside reached down as before, at 
presently the “hog” was safely out.

* As he passed through the window, Nick g
glimpse as his head.  -

 

   
   
    
     
    
 

   
 
 
   
    
   
 
 

  
  

— «The iacerwas, not to be seen at all, and httl

 
 

.. melt saw that the man was very bald, therei ‘L
little more than a fringe of hair behind the ears
‘Even-’ at that ‘moment there seemed to 
thing familiar'in‘the shape of that head, but’ i
tective heard a low cry baekin the year_,’.antl—, ‘

gheabald-_headed‘eow?ard at once;  ~ i

  
 

    
 
  
    

foiled a yroman- near the end. *
cs wmseny wrecked there, and the
' T’ flce1I'timbers"au<_l"berth 

  

 Ittook no more than a glance to assure him that,
the woman could not be rescued from within the car.

 - There was such a tangle of beams over her that

V shekwas certain to be crushed if he should succeed in

N» ulling them aside.

Moreover, it looked as though even his enormous

Hr ngth wduld not be equal to the task.

“Madam,” he said, gently, “you will have to lie

 
 
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
 

k ‘in above you. I think there will be no

99

riser-—~ - ~
 heard somebody speak of fire,” she interrupted,
Wily. I i

“That was a fool who was too scared to know what
‘,was’about,” Nick answered. “The car is not on
and there is probably no danger of that kind.
patient. I shall.lose_ no time.” t '

. He was already crawling back to his window.

3 he man who had gone out first was still there to
p , him, but Nick needed no help.

Allout now?” asked the man.

‘ kiexplained the situation brieﬂy.

ye, shall have to have axes,” he added, “and
M e are usually a couple fastened to the washroom
it i'I’ll go there and get them before comingout.”
It did this, ﬁnding the axes without‘ difficulty,
oment later he crawled out with them.

 he and’the man who had stood by to help,
to the other end of the car and began to clear
theywreekege. -
,’ M been a fearful tvsrnashup. It needed no
to show=”that,tbut as a matter of fact, there was
light enough, for one’ of the wrecked cars had
ht ﬁre, am'l’i‘t was blazing furiously-. .i ‘ K

7%’

    
   

. that woman out.

{are youare for a few minutes. I will go out and .

. NICK CARTER wEEKLv_.

went to work nothing more could be done than is
being done now.” I

“That’s right,” said the other, “though I hate to
see men standing around idle at such a time. Any-
how, you and I have got our work cut out for us
here.” ‘ '

“Yes. We mustn’t leave this spot until we get
This car might catch ﬁre from the
sparks.”

A moment later both dropped their axes to lift
away a beam. 1 ,

While they were at this, Nick saw a bald-headed
man watching him.

He appeared to be fully dressed, except for his hat
and collar, and by the shape of his head Nick knew
him for the “hog.”

But, all of a sudden, Nick seemed to know him
for somebody else.

He had seen that brutish face before.

Where?

I Small need for Nick, with his wonderful memory,
to ask that question. He remembered

But that man was dead!

It was a puzzling moment, and a strange feeling
came over the detective as he lifted, with his com-

panion, at the beam.
He remembered a case he had worked on in Mount

' Vernon.

A rich . man was being slowly poisoned by his
doctor. .

Nick had taken a position in the house as nurse. '

The horrible plot was coming to an end when the
house was set on ﬁre.

Nick had rescued the rich man’s daughter from

l . . .
an unseen man who had tried to kill her in the
' darkness.

He had left that man, the would-be murderer,

‘ bousid securely while he hastened to the rich man’s

room to save him from the villainous doctor.

;   detective had come just in time, but while he 
/ was:savin:g,the rich man,lthe doctor had ran out, ‘and; 

“’s“au’ppesed that he had escaped.    i
‘w sp..t1‘:¢5h ‘ se a’a¢..se¢n 

  

ground-, and an investigation ‘of the ashes was made,
the ‘body of the doctor had been found on the spot
 ' where Nick had left the would—be murderer.

The doctor evidently had tried to help his accom-
plice to escape, and the accomplice had repaid him
b;stabbing him to the heart and leaving his body to

T be burned. a « , l

_ , ‘D All that had beenperfectly clear at the time, for
gnei » ~ the ﬁre hadinot destroyed the doctor’s body beyond
’ v recognition.

The doct_or’s name was Durk.

And the face of this “hog” who had fought with a
woman for a chance to escapewfrom the car," and

 whom Nick had ﬁnally helped out, was the face of
Dr. Durkl . . -

 

 

CHAPTER CXLIX.

~ ~ .u-rnmpreo MURDER.

  
   
   
   

, Nicki dropped his eyes the instant he saw that the
 riilnian was looking at him; for in that instant" he re-
 __ «rnembered all these things and saw the astonishing
; D resemblance.

 Resemblance?

It was more than that!

» f  The detective believedthat he had looked upon
D  I *Dr.i‘Durk himself.

 _iHe thoizfght -of other things as he lifted at the

  

  

beam. . A ,
p_"  Atkhe time of the incident in Mount Vernon re-
ferred "to, he“had become convinced that the mur-
M r of Dr." Burk was at the headioi a band of
rninalls. '~ _ p - ‘ _
“ ween ‘hcvrhagdlbeen pursuing that band.
‘$.61 6&3 Aihadhe 1/‘coine in sight of the leader. '5

 
    

  

  
  

th”ougl1}l'iis efforts; 2 -   -
p D ‘i 1‘ °3P¥i1f¢_d.“ 533

w 1

  

' xi

   

‘ rected allthe bold operations of the gang had been '

_ p _ M arisen  Nick like a ghost from the gra
Sis Mi rsascm —to;i‘:e,iieve tiaat~t1;e:~gzng been‘ V V _ ._ _
" ‘ i  * ., in hiswe will call himl Durk also, he ft 1'

   heady tlsfemoment Nick looked at him 

     
    

-NICK CARTER WEEKLY. V 5

Could it be possible that Dr. Durk had been t_he
murderer and not the victim?

VVas the clever, wonderfully shrewd leader of the
gang none other than Dr. Durk himself?

It did not seem possible, for not only had the doc~
tor’s dead body been’ identiﬁed beyond doubt, but
when he was alive the doctor had shown himself to
be a drunken, weak-minded villain. _

He was villainous enough for any crime, but it was
plain that he had been working under the direction
of a master whom he feared and respected. V w

V It could not be possible that the man who had di-

the rum—soaked man who had escaped from Nick's
clutches at the time the house in Mount Vernon
burned down. \ '
And yet, there was that face, and as Nick thought
of it, he seeméd to remember the voice also. i .
Again, nothing could be plainer than that the man
recognized him. A I
The would—be murderer had not seen the detective,
for they had their struggle in total darkness. \ g
V Dr. Durk had seen him often, and at this md_meIrLv= 
there‘ was in his eyes a clear indication that he knew’ i
who the detective was. r 
Nick and his companion lifted away‘ the beami,nndi 
immediately set to work with their axes again to: i

“\-

  
   
    

clear away more wreckage. A
They could hear the woman ‘speaking to them.
“Oh, hurry! I am in such pain!"  
And the fire from the burning car near  yr“

creeping toward them. i . K ..
There could be no stopping the workof ‘resent. ’

the sake of studying the strange problempvthat ha

        
     
     

     
     
   
    
    
  

1 ,Nick

  

   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
     
 
   

 ,,11e:1]_S,,butit was as Nick had said; there was not room
A  more than two to do anything at this spot.

‘ ._ «.,‘ét"’I‘l1e ﬁre gained on them rapidly, and the time came
‘ whenthe wind-drove the ﬂames into their very faces.

 iv . _i "a part of the wreckage and lifted it.

43% rﬂéﬁvwho werelookinig on cried out with amaze-
t7;_V or it would not have beenr/supposed that two

‘ ly, all those who were looking on follow-‘ed
“with the woman as soon as they saw Nick
the wreckage. \‘

‘,1 . . . /‘

 heard the conductor speak, that

 1 her useior them. ‘

If

i t moment the conductor of the train hurried

NICK CARTER WEE-KNLY.

The fellow let go his ax and leaped from the
wreckage upon the further side:

Nick stepped back to avoid the falling ax.

Then, two strides for a start, he vaulted upon the
overturned car.

By the light of the ﬁre he saw the man who had
tried to kill him running across a ﬁeld.

Already he was little more than a shadow in-the
darkness, but Nick saw and jumped.

He ‘landed on his feet and started on the run at
once. ,

A good deal of noise was made by the roaring of
the ﬂames upon the wreckage. "

More noise was made by the escaping steam from
the engine,’ that was lying buried under broken
freight cars, for the passenger had run into a freight
that had been stopped on the main track.

, Something had gone wrong with the signals, but
that was a matter that Nick cared nothing about at
the time, and he never investigated it.

He had not run a hundred yards before he dis-
tinguished above the noises arising from the wreck,
theyfaint but sharp crack of a revolver.

Nextiinstant there was a hiss close to his cheek,
and the bullet sped harmlessly past.

At the same moment, being now somewhat distant
from the fire, Nick lost sight of the man he was
chasing. ' I '

He dropped full length uponlthe ground, after
staggering a few feet, as if he had been hit.

Ah! how he wished that he had his revolver with
him!

That was with his coat, vest and hat in the wrecked
car, and?’-7l‘i&ir'ii;hrthem were nearly all the articles he

M y_ usually carried with him for meeting just such cases

as this. V . _
A, He had been thinking of going back after them
when he had rescued the woman with the assistance

  

ruck CARTER WEEKLY.’ 7

He had seen the fellows face plainly, and it was
'wholly"nevi*"foiliini." ‘ ' if -H '
He concluded, therefore, V‘ that this was "one of
Durl<’s mt-n'." -  7 ' '
A There might be others on the train, but that there
was at least'one man left of the gang besides the
F . leader he wasisnre; for at one time not long before
Patsy had talked with the leader over a telephone.
' F The young detective had represented himself as a
thief, and onthat occasion he had heard not only the
voice’ qfthe leader, but that ‘of another man who had
not been captured._ _
This rnight be "that other man, or it might- be a
new recruit to Durk’s‘ force of crooks.
 The important -point was, as Nick saw it, that
,,T ’ Durk," having recggnizedrhim, must have ordered his
  ‘assistant to kill the detective;
if i Watching the matter‘from.some point-wheretthe
shadpwsof-the wreck -doneealed him, Durk must
have seen that the detective had escaped the deadly

blow. ' ' V. V —
Then, when the detective set out in pursuit, Durk

had shot at him. believing that the noise of the wreck
it would drown thereporit of his revolver.
if I Nick had a double reason in falling as he did.
 jf For one thing, he believed that the man he was
zgﬂspnrsuing was armed also, for he was fully dressed.
,;~_".fhat‘,n'1an, knowing that Durk would shoot, might
dve‘steppéd',behind atree, or stooped beside a wall,
7 ‘caning to let‘ the detective come close for a sure
p5ﬁ5},i£,,,1jtirlt:s‘§hould iniissff , i. ' '

 

      
      
 

  

-..,.... ..

.:

Another thin   fthis: If he pretended to be hit,

V jiiiiglrt  from the wreck to see it he_ were
"and to ‘finish him if it ‘should prove that the de-

  

waswmerely woundedhw ‘ _ 5 ’ " -

  

it Enter .Carter".-Kbusiness‘ was ‘a aaiageraus one.

 
 

Mm ”’ielian'eé’s‘ from which Jotherg menfwojuld

 

7I am.”

- was?aegueq;1y_‘ia*p:m as-satire, shit, he was son.

an

That they were unusually desperate was shown by
the fact that the attempt with the ax had been made
where it was possible for dozens of persons to see it.

The criminal probably counted on the fact that
everybody’s attention was taken up with the accident.

Then, the shooting had been done where many
witnesses might have seen and heard. although, so
far as Nick could see, none of the passengers or train-
men were on this side of the wreck.

As soon as he had fallen, he rolled over and over
on the ground, conﬁdent that in the darkness Durk'
could not see that he was still in motion."

He came in this way to a tree, behind which he
crawled, and he lay in sucha position that he could
look, not only toward the wrecked train, but in then 5 .
direction taken by the man he had started to chase.

For a full minute he looked in vain. No one
stirred near the train.‘ .

“I might have known,” he said to himself; “the
rascal is too shrewd to put his foot in it by following
up his shot.’ He’s no ordinary crook, as I've «had 
reason for ﬁnding out before this. x V ’

“He looks at it this way: If I'm dead, that set-
tles it; if I'm not, I'm very likely to down him if ‘he i
gets close enough. i A - N _

‘fThat is the way I should look at it if I was in his '~ “
place, and I’ve got to reckon that he is as sliarpas ‘ 

      
       
    
 
  

It was a different matter with the other man,’a;nid
Nick gave most of his attention to looking son: 3-.
ward, which was the .direction the man had taken. .,
~- He began to think that the fellow had not halted
as he supposed, when he saw. a movement {Ag-ogjn,
stone wall not «far away. _ , i ‘ .V 
V 7It_wa.sieither._'an animal, or a man creeping , - ' ‘
fours ,.   K t ' ‘ '

  

  
      
  
   
    
   
 

  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
    

 at was a long throw, but in daylight and with a still
i getthe detective would have been-sure of it.

. He gave one backward glanceltoward the train.
_‘The glare of the ﬁre now lighted the ground
l , arly in that direction, and if anything had been
i L  there he could have -seen it.

N treacherous shot was to be feared from that
1’, and.he stood up suddenly-. .

epping from behind the tree, he hurled the stone
" it i‘ his might. a i , t i
is not likely that the creeping ﬁgure saw him

  
   
   
   
   
    
 
    
  
   
 
   
 

l the ,howl"of ‘pain that came -from the fugitive.
he trouble was that the stone did not hit the

‘could. run as well as: before, and now fear
it 4.15 give him greater speed.

1? jkbegan the chase again. . _ I V

 not try to overtake the fugitive, prefer-

  

—'would be a comparatively simple inatter to
 capture him. i V A ’
ﬂabout half-a-mile Nick ran on across the
V i'ieir*_e1,'r_lost sight of the man. _
'  near dawn that the air was getting
2 to‘distinguish therunning asgecc with-

f¢ﬁg17ngt= Show any signs ‘of wearing
v'§3W&l‘¢’aSO’I"! enough for hurrying, A M
 another railroad.

 New jersey is crisscrossed
L ” 5 »  beside each

   
 
 
 

 
      

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Nick saw a chance for the fugitive, and the latter
saw it, too. ' ‘

He ran with greater effort, came to the tracks just
as the last of the train was passing, ran alongside,
caught the hand rail of a boxrcar and swung himself
up. i ‘

For a moment it looked as if he would" slip, but

after hanging on and kicking wildly, he got his foot '

on the iron crook that servesas astep, and then
worked his way in between the cars.

The detective could not have got aboard the train
if he had wanted to.

The last car was far pastwhen he came to the
tracks.

“Lucky fello;v!”‘ was all he thought about it.

He turned about at once and started back to the
wrecked train.

One of’ his men lhadlgot away, but ,_he was on a
train bound for the city, and there was a chance of
catching him by telegraph ifla station could be found
soon enough.

,If not, there would be a chance to catch him in the
city duringthe day.

Meantime, there was Durk, the chief villain of the
whole lot, still within possible reach.

“He may have skipped,"_ thought Nick.
if I was in his place, but we'll see.“

“I would

 

CHAPTER CL.

THE LE'ADER’S NAME.

When Nick got back to the wreck, l‘1c“'f:t:l-éxtlat
farmers living near had come to the scene in wagons,
bringing clothes and bedding for the unfortunate
passengers. ll ‘

Sdnie of the injured had already been taken 0
the‘se~.roL_igh ambulances to houses. . A

~Others=were'waiting for the special train that
would arrive soon from jersey City. '

 ~_ 5 A wrecking train had‘, arrived already, and.:ng¢n

at work jacking vuptliei cars thatewere not aﬁre

,0»

 

    

  

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 9

downthe track beyond the freight train to wait for
the special. , .
N ick went there first and looked over the crowd.
Durk was not among the passengers.
The detective then went back to the wreck, where
a few men were making ready to carry the injured on
stretchers made from car doors to the special train.
“Hello,” said a familiar voice, “did you get left

V. when they handed around the coats?”

s

The speaker was the. passenger who had worked
with Nick‘.

He had on a ragged old overcoat that was a mile
or so too big for him. ‘

“How’s this for style?” he added, with a laugh.

“Well,” said Nick, “I think it would attract atten-
tion on Fifth avenue.”

 “I should think it would! But, ‘see -here, my
‘friend, you must be cold.’,’_

Nick looked down at himself.
“No,” he responded, “I’ve been too busy to feel

' ' cold.” A

“I’ve been busy myself, but I was mighty glad to
get this ﬁne collection of tags, just the same. Come,

‘~ let’s see if we can find you a coat.”

, He took Nick by the arm, and the detective went
with him willingly to a iarmer’s wagon.

 . VA hayseecl with a long, straggling beard stood be-

side‘ it, with a bundle under his arm.
“By gosh!” he exclaimed, when Nick approached,

it “you’re jest the feller I’ve been lookin’ fer.”

-“Me?” said Nick; “what have you got against
‘me?’ i ' ' I

I . “A dum good ‘coat and vest and a hat,” replied

‘ itglseifarrrxer, opening his bundle. “Take ’em,- mister,

  
 
 
       
    
  

 
 
 
     
 

= :tf,heyl.'rej yﬁtiufn fer keeps.”

?‘You are very ltind, sir. - Is this the way you’ve

fieenstteating alldthe passengers?”

‘,No,,by‘ cracky! it ain’t. S’pose I run a‘ clothing
if N0». 55106,!‘ I’ve give the rest of ’em>all the

_» irons; do you understand

 

 scrap_e outen my house,"c'ept' ‘ ~ Vr“Di€l she isuccccid. in walking?”

“So? I’m obliged to you, sir, but I‘m afraid I

9!

don’t deserve so much

“By thunder! yes, you do. I see you lift a hull

77

 

car all by yourself to get a woman out
“Oh, come now! not so much as that.”
“\Vall, it was putty nigh it. I had jest got to the
smashup from my house down the road a piece,
when I see you andthis gentleman at work, and I
was jest goin’ to take a holt and help, when I see
you lift, and I was so ﬂabbergasted that I couldn't
So, and I says to myself.
‘These poor critters ’1l want, bedding and

do no more’n gawp at ye.
says I:
clothes, and I'll get all we can spare, and the best
we've got will be fer that wonderful man with the
And there ye are.”

Nick laughed as he put the things on. They ﬁtted
him fairly well and felt comfortable, for he was be-
ginning to notice the chill of the morning.

big muscle, by gum!’

“Give me your name,” he said, “and I’ll send you

a vote of thanks when I get home.” .

The farmer gave his name and address, and two
days later he was astonished to receive a checkffor
one hundred dollars, signed by the name of a man
of whom ‘he had heard as the most famous detective
in the world.

As they walked away from the wagon, Nickisaid
to his companion: _

“How is the woman we pulled from under the
wreck?”

“The woman we pulled!” cried the other; “I like‘

that! Why, if it hadn’t been for you she would
never have got out alive.”

“Very well, ‘considering, as the farmer would sayxj I if‘
He examined 

A doctor was among the passengers.
her and said no bones were broken. Of course she

was bruised, but she felt so well that she insisted on L.
tryingto walk down the" tracks to the special that 

 

will arrivzc soon.” -

‘ ’ ,: She. tqgive that up, ‘and so
'  jet’-, butsh€“ha§n’t[beei1.seria1.iilyhf ’

«SD17 ‘

 
   
    

 u

   
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    
  
 
   
   
     

mck CARTER tw£r:in_v.

‘Efnew you would be. What became of you ,“_Cert'ainly,” said Nick-—-“to carry the -injured pas«
"B§fm“- that?” e _ . _V . e sengers to houses.” _ i_ ,
. was huéy with 3110316!’ passenger.’*. _ ' . ‘ “Yes. Well, some of us started to,carry a.,n_ian-tov
So I suoposed; and say,» friend, I wouldlike to thewagon, when that hog got ah,e_ad_of us. He said
 who you are. My name is Blake--John he was in a hurry to get to New York, and must be
'   ‘of, Chicago. Sorry that I haven’t a card _ ” driven over to. the other road to catch an early train.
V:  the same with me, Mr. Blake,” interrupted We told him he’d get to town just as soon by waiting
T, A_ f4:My cpat and g,-{P must beﬁbumed up by this» for the special, but he wouldn’t. listen. ‘Told us to
H5 1;; glad to know you and P11 ten you who mind our own business. W'e said it was our busi-
 a minute. I'~want to ask a question ﬁ,-st,‘ ness to look after the injured. ‘It's my business to
‘notice-the 1a5t maniwe };e]ped out of mg look after number one,’ said he, and he gave the
 é . - farmer ﬁfty dollars to drive him ‘off in a_ hurry.” V
 ba1d..headed h5g'?‘ You bet 1 did; Hg “Fifty dollars!” exclaimed Nick, as if surprizcd
he cake for downright-~meanness.” é - “,th3t’5 Quite .3 Pricey.’ I . .
Q1 you knew that he tried to ﬁght his way V ‘"59 the farmeriiithought. He seemed 1.:_u_ feel
Va woman 3" pretty small about it. _V‘?Bu_t,’ said the’farmer,_, ".. t!.'~"’t
 e  sbmething oi the "soft from what I» see fifty dollars all at oncein .a.year, and I can't lose
 ‘that ,,,as,,{t what I was thinking of"at the the chance.’ Then he added that other wagons
‘ x ‘ " ’ - would be along soon; and we had to let him go.
Now, what kind of a man is it that will rob injured

 

 he did afterward?” ‘ . 3 mi“ and w?m°‘.‘ like “that in _
 you saw ﬁgm aggin ?” M I " _ ' “lfll tell you,” Nickahsvyered;. “he's a criminal.”_
32.3535 some ﬁve or six nginutes gftcr we "It’s easy enough to call him that, but it don't ex-I
 from under-'th¢ w,-'¢¢1¢_..1‘)y-th'¢ way; plain his conduct. I shouldythinkua criminal would
 vanything that so-lmded  a pistol haveksome feelings‘ gnder the circumstances.” 
« ' ' ’ “I call him a criminal,” said Nick, “because that is}
. H _ _ V. . .,_; what he is. He is .one..Vof the veryworst that I ever ‘‘
;-,,_.,f;vtjit,vV';1‘£[_ost\'of. them,dida1’t’seerii, to met.” i .. ' “ ﬂ \ __.‘f |_ _ - , " '
.d§."y6u:5suppose it was ?"" V. '  “,So?_.[.'Are.yo.u in the habit of meeting criminals ?"_
A  was aipistol sliot.” ’ 'i ‘ ' ‘llt is. my. business.”
V ipqigiea at bin: queetly, am both smiled. “{Indeed!__and this bald-headed man with the fringe
y§gj';§uéw ‘§oimeihi:3g"£bjout that,” said of r'ecl__hair is v '_ . y  y % ' .
V '  L H H ii”   Q’ , “A man I've been after for some time. He hur-_
N_ick‘.\l “Tell. tied away because he haditried to kill me. It was his
.   "ii  pistol shot you heard. My name is Carter.”  ‘
 Vane.’ :'‘w§“fgqt . 5 “Oh! sometiiiies called Nick ?" I‘
i t , "Always, I think,’f_ and the detective smiled.
' ‘ stage held out his hand.’

 

   

 ‘ pi-cud: to gcnosv yoluj’,  said, “and_-I':hi‘
.  3,‘ . -t . ‘ . .1,‘ ~. , r 

    

 ﬁne of Durk.

  
  
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

man, or he’ll escape by killing me. I’d rather you
wouldn't mention my name at present.”

“Very well.‘ I understand. ._Aré you going to fol-
low upthe man at once?”

' “I thought I would a few minutes ago, but I have
changed my mind. He won't take a train on the
oth'er‘road—at least not soon——-but some time he’ll
turn up in New York, and I’ll look for him there.”

“Isn’t that like looking for a needle in a hay-
stack?”

“Not quite.‘ It’s a good place to hide in, but I’ve '

routed out many a crook there, and I’ll rout out
this chap, unless, as I say, he kills me in the at-
tempt.” . I

If there had been anything more for them to do in
the way of helping injured passengers, they would
have been doing it; but all had been cared for, and
they walked down the tracks to the‘ end of the
freight. I A '

Shortly afterward the special came, and all got
aboard. ,

Nick parted from Mr. Blake in the Jersey City sta-
tion, and spent soine time there before he went
home. ,

. He asked trainrnen and others about the two men
he was interested in, but, as he expected, without
result. _

I The men on the freight that one man had taken
had not seen him. He had probably dropped from
between the cars at some place where the train
slowed up.

No conductor or brakeman on any of the early
twins had seen a man who answered to the descrip-

r

l“,‘It has been no harm to ask‘ these questions,”

’ i?<tlIot:g‘llt Nick, “for there is always a chance that the
 crook will do a foolish thing some time. s

  I was in‘ 7Durk’s place, or that of his assistant,
A I just about as he does. Now‘ I’ll go
' what Patsy has to say. ‘ It would be a

 ‘.

 

 is Durk ’

 has traced the man, and that he

11

Nick’s assistants had just finished breakfast when
Nick arrived home.
“VVell, Patsy,” said Nick, "I hope you've got on

the track of the crook I asked you to chase up. He .

has given us a long chase. Have you found him?”
«Yep»
"‘Good!
“Nope. He's away from home, but I've found
where he lives and a good deal about him.” i
“\’Vell, who is he ?” °
“He's a high-toned gent who lives in Brooklyn.
and his name is Richardson.”

Have you seen him?"

CHAPTER CLI.

PA'rsv’s_ INVESTIGATION’.

“H’m!” murmured Nick. thoughtfully, “if I had
made that bet. I should have lost it.”

“What's the gamble?” asked Patsy.

“Nothing that would cost anything if I lost. I
thought it would be a sure winner to bet that you
would ﬁnd that the man‘s name was Durk,”

“Durk! Why, we've met that name twice——-

“Yes, the drunken doctor in Mount Vernon, and
the old hag—his sister, in Hoboken. I saw Dr
Durk this morning."

“Gee!” exclaimed Patsy; “if we're up against
ghosts, you can count me out of the game."

‘ Nick smiled, for he knew that his young assistant
had no more belief in ghosts than he himself had.

“The man I saw,” said Nick, f‘is solid flesh and
blood. I know becausel lifted him. He tried to
get a rise out of me‘with a revolver——but I’ll tell
you about that later. Sing us your song about this
Mr. Richardson. I’m not so sure yet that it won‘:
prove to be ‘Durk, under another name.”

to

“Neithenam I; for I,didn’t get a descriptionofil _
,Richardson. I let that go for fear that asking such_  P"
questions would lead to putting him on to’our game.

Besides, ‘I didn’t think it necessary, now that we 
just‘, who and where he is; that is, when /“hlelsfzgat

’<..

 
   

    
    
   

   
 
   
   

   
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

’ 7-‘You were quite right, Patsy. Begin at the be-
trining and let me know every step.”

1 ‘T‘Well, then, you remember that I tried telephon-
.in’gi'thevleader of the gang from that thieves’ board-
nfg-house in Hoboken ?”

'7"‘Patsy referred to an adventure which was de-
i led in at previous number of this weekly. He
_, gained admission to a house occupied by some
e’_1rt’bers of the gang, and had boldly used the tele-
from there in the hope'of making the leader
tilt igang’ come to the house. All the criminals
in Zved there were captured, but the leader was

shrewd to fall into the trap.

T in and I‘,”_ he‘ continued, “agreed that the wire
be'a private one, without any connection with
, J l, andvin the ruins of the house, after it was
 (up, we found a battery and other things to
up that theory. , , ' . T

5 concluded, therefore, that if we could follow

‘hangs out. I first went to telephone headquar-
ﬂtlﬁnlting that the wire might be controlled by
‘company, or have been laid by it, but.I soon
(I that nothing was known about it there.
' hen I set out oh my own hook to trace the
,, , .

told how he found that the wire went over
etops in I-loboken-to the water's edge, which
far away. . A ' I
 it disappeared‘ in the water.
u - detective hired’ a tug and grappling irons.
vu these tools wasia steel hook, with a handle
ﬁiifenty feet long-.. 1 , ‘ ' ,
caught around theﬁwire at the place

:1 upped =£ron;_2_:h¢ dock building into the
' ' enthe steamed slowly ahead: 

n  and gaveorders.

 as the
*4 .3‘ 

 
 

 t wire it would bring us to the place where the ‘

e',.c:‘e§t- ‘held tire hook handle. while.

 at of the wire .

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

had to let it sink until the grappling irons could be
fastened on.

When it was brought up again it was allowed to
run across the deck. .

In this way the tug followed the direction of the
wire untilnearly in the middle of the river.

And until that point was reached, the direction
had been straight toward the New York shore.

Then it was clear that the strain on the wire was
becoming greater.

It sank more nearly straight down.

Patsy saw a danger, and sung out to have the en-
gine stopped.

The wire snapped, and both ends disappeared.

Although he was sorry for the delay, he was not at
all discouraged. ,

“The 1.-ire,” he said to the crew, “is probably an-
chored here for some reason or other, and we shall
have to grapple for the anchor and pull it aboard.”

The men went to work dragging the iron over the
bottom of the river until they caught on something.

Then they hauled up’.

It was fully half—an—hour before this happened, and
while it was going on the detective walked up and
down the narrow deck.

The anchor had not been found when he saw a
small steam launch passing.

Two men were: on board besides the engineer.

The launch passed so close that Patsy saw a num-
ber of grappling-irons and other tools on board of
her. « V - ~

Hewatched the launch with some curiosity, but
without any suspicion until he saw that she was
heading for the pier that his tug had left when the
wire-following began. » .

A thought occurred to him then, and he .went to
the wheelhouse to get the captain’s marine glass.

ll  With this at his eye, he watched the launch go

straight to the spot where the‘ crooks’ wire entered
the  ‘ v — * »

‘then .0|1‘.bO8fd’pul'1cd the wire out of the water
' L‘ ‘ivay .tI3.at1

    

  
  

  

"V .1” ',l.

  

he Had doilje, ca: launch  g *' T

 «a
‘Q

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Then one of the men cut the wire, andallowed the
land end to drop.

The other end ‘ was kept on board the launch,
which steamed north some distance.

The men on the launch held on to the cut end of
the wire until they had come to a point about a third’
of a mile north of Patsy’s tug. ‘

There they let the wire drop.

The launch then went further up the river.

Patsy drew a long breath and put up the glasses.

“I see the game,” he said to himself. “They sus-
pected that we would try to follow up the wire, and

, so they have lost it. And if they have lost it at this
‘end it’s a pretty safe bet that they have already lost
it at the other end.

“Consequently, if we go on chasing up this wire
we shall probably ﬁnd that it ends somewhere in the
middlerof the bay.”

- While the men in the launch were at work, Patsy
hadrthought of leaving the wire in mjdstream and
chasing_the launch with his tug.

But there were good reasons against that}

He had no charge on which he could put the men
under arrest, for they seemed to be ordinary work-
men.‘ A i A a

They had» a long start, and could probably make
good‘ their. escape to land. T
:4 '7 . ‘And the chief reason of all was that pursuit of the
i ii nren would ‘give away the detectives’ plan.
They had been a long time trying to catch the
leader of this gang of criminals, and they had learned
. that he was the lceenest enemy they had ever-.
 tackled. ‘ ‘ I 
 {So they ha.d decided tomasle their operations, and
 try to carry things with a rush.
 ’ The‘ work on the tug was being done so quietly
  on the busy river noticed it. Not even
’tIseT—men in the launch had seemed to see ‘why the
  in midstream. ' i

 
   
   
  

  

he  y_, _ w that Nick would approve his decision
' ’ an ogenlchase. oi the iauncigsut he was

   ml?-.e<i' thit -*17*9»5°'°9*I

A " £o‘r,the:e’eojaldl$e 

      

    
 

‘ New York shore.

 

13

that the wire had been cut and removed from its
other landing place. ' _

VVhile he was wondering how he could take a fresh
start, the crew hauled up the heavy object that their
grappling-irons had fastened to.

It proved to be a chunk of iron, weighing not less
than three hundred pounds.

It was the anchor for the wire, plainly enough, for
an insulator was fastened to it, and the wire was’
wound around it.

The thing was brought on deck, the wir: reaching
from it in two directions, for the detective to ex- T
amine.

Hestooped and put his hand on the insulator,
scraping away the mud and weeds that had stuck to
it. A

Presently, he saw some letters stamped into the
glass. -

“Now I know what to do !" he cried, standing up.

The crew looked at him.

“Cut the Jersey end of the wire, sir ?" asked one of

them. .
“Cut both ends,” replied Patsy, “and toss them

overboard. I’ve no further use for the wire."

They wondered, for they knew that he was trying
to find where the other end of the wire landed. and
this order was the same as to say that he had given
up the job, but they obeyed.

When the ends of the wire were thrown over-
board, Patsy looked on and saw that one of them
sank in suchva way as to show that the wire stretched
southward.

“That means,” he thought, “that a turn was made
at this anchor. The crook foresaw that some time
a detective might try to trace the wire, and he
thought he would mislead him by having, the wire
start toward New York. Probably he thought the “ i ’
detective would suppose that it went straight across
the river,  would try to ﬁnd it somewhere on the ,Y_

     
    
       
      

“Then he would also think that the detective, at 
hunting iorit. ‘on the New York shore,_wo_uldl
up tliejob  t ‘

r~-w-$-~

   

   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
    
   
     
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
  

1.4 .

 7 “But we’re not that kind of detectives.

’ .“‘I’ll~bet that wire swings around the Battery, and
A lands somewhere in Brooklyn.”

  “Where now, sir?” asked the tug captain.

I  “Christopher street,” replied the detective.

A  landing“ at that point was soon made, and the
View took the chunk ‘of iron and the insulator to a’

4'  hired an express wagon, and had the iron
A I  into it.

l“T'hen he got up beside the driver. .
“Stop at the first drug store you come to,” he
iﬂifé-«:‘ I

; 15. drug store was soon found, and Patsy asked
g V yssion to. look at the city directory.‘

 turned to the names beginning with A, for on.
I ' ‘glass insulator he had ‘found a mark like this:
"i§.~., 8: S.” V A

yes ‘rapidly down the columns of names, he came
“Vthis ﬁrm name:
shton & Smalley, electricians.”
The office and factory was on Blcecker street.
tsy told the expressrnan to take him there.
7When they arrived, Patsy went in and asked if
"i her member of the ﬁrm could be seen.
?'r,1‘3otl1 men were in the building somewhere, and
' tsy went hunting for them, guided by a clerk.
They found Mr. Smalley on the ground ﬂoor.

§’_1’ve')got something that belongs to you, I think,”
I Eatsy. "Found it in'the river. I recognized
_,,,t§rx1gi’i1nark,_'and broughtit along in a wagon.”

; inalley looked puzzled. , ,

A .  that belongs to us ?” he echoed.
_ I the river? What is 5:?" '
‘rggnoéqefn I  t¢11,'?":‘epii¢d,. Patsy.
”7"¢a1ookati ” i  ‘
i;.l¢ntout7to  streeiﬁand‘ Mr. Smalley was

e. >..«.

  
   
  

“Bet-

mcx CARTER WEEKLY.

that looks like the kind of wire we furnish. You
say you found it in the river?”

A “Yes; I was grappling for something, and brought
this up.”

Mr. Smalley sent for some of his workmen, and
had them carry the iron into the oﬂice.

Then he sent for his partner, Mr. Ashton.

When the latter came, Mr. Smalley explained what
he knew of the matter, and Mr. Ashton was equally
puzzled. .

“How could anything of burs get down to the bot-
tom of the river?” he asked blankly. “We have
never laid a line in the water, have we ?”

“Not that I know of.”

“Perhaps the foreman will know."

They sent for the foreman.

“Do you know what this is?” asked Mr. Ashton, as
soon as the foreman entered.

The man started a little and looked uncomfortable.

“Now we shall have it!” thought the detective.

“Yes,’f replied the foreman; “I know what it is.”

“Well?”

The foreman moved about uneasily, and wiped
the sweat from his brow. . ’

‘‘W'hat’s_ the matter?” demanded Mr. Ashton,

-sharply. “Have you been doing anything wrong?"

“No, sir; not exactly; that is, I think not,” stam-

, mered the foreman.

9

_“Explain, then l” ,
“Well, you see, it’s a job. I did on my own 3.3.
count.” ~
V “And you used the ﬁrm’s materials? Why! that’s
downright robbery--——’’ ‘ M ’
iA‘‘No, gentlemen, no," interrupted the ‘foreman,
hurriedly, “I paid for them, full price. The books
will show that.”
“When was it done?" -‘
“Last June, sir.” 

‘ Mr. Ashton stepped to the oﬁice door,
‘cl‘erlt~“?ﬁ€u*"bring the June "books.

”fbrenian“itn‘tell.the whole story.  H  .  “
an  way. air."'I be said; ‘"3 man named,

and told a A

‘ ‘When they had been brought in he orderedthe -

 
 

 4'1

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Richardson, who is an importer living in Brooklyn,
wanted a private telephone between his house and
his office, near the docks in Hoboken. He came to
me about it. I told him I would speak'to the ﬁrm.

. “‘No, don’t do that,’ said he; ‘I want this to be
known only to myself‘ and the man who does the
work. I'll give you exactly double the regular price
for such work if you’ll do it without letting anybody
know about it.’

“It was a good. chance for me to make a bit of
exira money, gentlemen, and so I ﬁgured on the
matter and told.him what the regular price would be.
He agreed to double it, and paid half down. I
bought all the materials myself at your regular rates.

\ . . Look at the books, Mr. Ashton, and you will see.”
A Both Ashton and Smalley looked over the account
books, and found that the man was telling the truth.

‘‘That’s all there is to it,” added the foreman, “ex-
cept that this morning I got word from Mr. Richard-
son that he had no further use for the telephone,

 and he asked me to”have the wires cut at once and
it carried out into the river at each end.
A “Of gourse  could not attend to that myself, but
I hired a couple of men ith his money, and I sup-
1 pose that was how this anchor happened to be
  found.” ~ .
I The members of the ﬁrm looked at Patsy.

I -They seemed to have forgotten that he was stand-

‘  ing there and hearing all that was said.
»“I can only,say,” said Patsy, quietly, -“that the men
he employed did their work. I saw them at it.”
I « “But it strikes me,” said Mr. Ashton, “that you
“7‘-ls;y¢..sbown a good deal of interest in the affairs of
g ﬁtfiisi ﬁrm.” ‘

,1:/I A‘-‘i‘i:Yes,” Patsy admitted, “and for a  reason,
' t I will tell you. I am a detective, and I believe
f  Richardson to bea criminal. I was follow-
 wheu Ifound this anchor. I believe
I .¢gm§n‘g:.;h¢;r’e I could learn. his name and resi-
‘   auto-liusiiicsﬂ: I s  Av .  .

- agiagniedggﬁshton, andghe _tuu_n

I

 

  
 
 
  
 
    
      
    
   
     
 
 
    

J
ed

   

‘I5

“It can’t be true,” said the latter; “Mr. Richard-

1)

son is a respectable business man
“What is his name?” demanded Patsy.
, “Thomas G. D. Rich ”

“Oh!” cried Mr. Smalley; “then it's all right.
You’ve had your trouble for nothing, Mr. Detective.
I am acquainted with Thomas Richardson. W hyl
he goes to the same church that I do.”

“Then you won’t object to giving me his address?"
Here it is,” and he wrote it on a
“You ought

“Certainly not!
card. Then he said to the foreman:
not to have taken this private work without letting
us know.”

“But I did it on holidays and Sundays, sir.”

“Very well, but you see what such things lead to.‘
Here's a detective hunting us up for evidence against
one of the best known men in Brooklyn. I don’t like
that. Mr. Richardson doubtless had his good rea-
sons for wanting the fact of his telephone to be un-
known, but we should have been informed. VVe
would have kept his secret.” _ .

“And I hope you will do so now,” said Patsy. “If
Mr. Richardson is straight, he’ll have no trouble
from me. If he isn’t, any word to him now might
give the smartest rascal I ever knew a chance to es-

)1

cape.
The partners whispered together for a moment, '
and then gave Patsy their word that nothing would
be said by them to hinder his investigation.
The foreman also agreed to keep quiet, and the
detective left them. ‘
He went to Brooklyn, and made some careful in-
quiries in the neighborhood of Richardson’s house. ,4
He learned that the man was not married, and that
he lived entirely alone, except for two or three serv-
ants. ’ ‘- J
. Everybody spoke well of him. 
‘ “And, thatﬁ’ said“ Patsy, as he concluded his_,..re-I-I
port -to Nick, 1“is'alI,‘ I knowexcept that Richardioti
hasn’t~been-at-hqtnesin if ' ‘

  

   
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
     
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 

' CHAPTER CLII.

_ THE ORGAN GRINDER.
I “Nick listened to the report’ with the closest at-
iéiiiion. - l ‘
~ homas G. D. Richardson,” he said, thought-
 “I wonder if the D. stands for Durk ?” '

I i"‘You’\'e got Durk on the brain, Nick,}’ said Patsy.
fi“‘You’d have the same trouble, if you had seen him,
."a§ I did this morning,” responded Nick.

Heithen turned to Chick. ,

' “Did you have a good time at the Tombs?” he

__ «waiting trial, and are in cells near each other.
rden, to whom I told my scheme, put me in
‘ ithein. E I . V
 IV occupied a cell with one'of.the crowd
iﬁught in the Chatham Square dive some time
 supposed to be althief rroﬁi San Francisco.
the’  in my cell that_I was pinched on my
H Aer‘ striking town, and that I .hadn’t a
& he city toviihelp me.” r I
l‘~ought to have’ made him open‘ up,” said

 ill  short story of it,‘ because I
 what Ihave 'leari;ied_iwill. help you

vi '3‘. I x

    

' could.”

 ,of others were A
., thcyiiipected to"b*e -

NICK CARTER -WEEKLY.

swag to a certain place, where we would be paid half
its value. '

“ ‘The leader agreed if any of us got pinched to
look out for him, pay the cost of lawyers, and buy
testimony to. get us off if possible.’ ”

“Do they believe their leader will keep his word?"
asked Nick. V ‘ ‘

“I put that to him. A He seemed to be pretty con-
ﬁdent, bht some of the others were doubtful. They
said so many men ‘had been bagged that they feared
the leader would go back on them.” -

“Then, wasn’t somebody in the crowd ready to
turn State’s evidence ?”

“I think,” Chick answered, “that there are at least
half-a—dozen of them who would squeal if they '
0

“If they could?” repeated Nick.

“I mean if it would do them any good; if there
was anything they could tell that we don’t already
know.” . '

“W-hyl they could tell us who their leader is.”

“Nick, I don’t believe it.”

“You don’t believe it ?”

“No. Every man of them that I got in with told
me that he had no idea who the leader was.”

“Well! isn’t hea. corker!”

“He’s the dandiest leader of crooks I ever heard
of. The men saidthey had never seen him, never,
heard his name, and that he never came near them.
They had their dealings with him through his as-

°sistants, and they ‘said they had heard from him since

they were locked up.”

_“We caught at least two of those assistants, didn't
we?” , ii

“I believe so, and you may be sure I did my best
to pump them,‘-but they are mum. They won’t give

up.a word. I tried it until Ipwas certain that nothing

was"to" be gained byplayingiprisoner any more.”  ,
,,,.‘';,a'’§.,i»,j:,sdg‘=1at,'* "said Nick. “We’ve tried every

   

A an tltiajnk of, and, while mostof them A

  

He thought a» moment, and then added:

‘A‘I still feel that the man I met this morning is the
one we are after. ‘Patsy :ays Richardson is away
from home. That fact ﬁts with Durk’s being on that
train‘. _
. “It's not likely that Durk, or Richardson, whatever

his name is, will go home at once. He will be pretty
, careful about his movements, and he’s so keen that
y I don‘t believe we can foresee what he will do.
“Still, we must have his house watched. Is there
a 'boarding—house. anywhere near Richardson's,
- ._ -. Patsy ?” I
 _“Yes; across the street, two doors to the west.”
A « “Good! Ida, you havéjrour orders,” and Nick
turned, with a smile, to his young lady assistant.
‘A She arose immediately.
“Telephone?” she asked.
V. “The minute you see him, or hear of his being at
. :*home,”.replied Nick. “You will, of course, tele-
 phone in cipher.”
.. ."Certainly.” or
, ‘e " She ‘left the room, and a moment later was on her
 waytto Brooklyn. _ '
>E€.‘I;have an idea,” said Nick, after she had gone,
 I)urk'wil1 send for me.”
.A-'r;(,€What do you, mean P” asked Chick and Patsy, to-

   
  
 

  
  
   
   
   

‘:gl¢ther;'",- ‘ ‘I  p . .

, Hick then told them about the railroad accident

,,aVp’gjyhm hag}.I1§ppéﬂed afterward. I
<*1;hm.n§an\whom Irecognized as Durk,” he said,

 not bethe leader -of this gang, though I think

ﬁgs», in anycase, it’s clearthat he has it, infor

 

s  .

yhu suppose he’1l watch me?”

  

Q 1
g;
9'.
8.
'3
(a
O.-
O‘
0
PO-
:3‘
as
:1"
0
O
P?
5‘
o
-s
S"
I

 

lie’Il.begin as soon as he can~'é,1fter he thinks

    

V t would be like ‘bin;

to come into
:1, L .l v v ' -

  

 
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.»

h5g,,.__t9 cgimc into New York. That. may,‘

17'

“And that wouldn't take much more time than

you took," suggested Chick. _

"I was thinking something of that sort," replied
Nick. “There are dozens of ways that he could get
into the city, and it may be he has begun his opera-
tions already. Suppose you take a run to the cor-

, ner. Patsy, buy a newspaper, andvcome straight
back."

The young man was off instantly.

. \Vhen he returned ‘he said:

“There's nobody on the street or near that we
don't know all about except a dago playing a hand-
organ." I’

Nick looked at the clock, after putting his hand
to his vest, forgetting that his watch had been in
the vest he lost in the railroad accident.

“It's later than I thought,” he said. “An organ-
grinder, did you say?" .

“Yes, a dago.”

Nick was listening.

“I think I hear him,” he remarked.

“Sure !” said Patsy. “He’s working down this
way.”

“I’ll have a look at him."

Nick went into-the front room, and stationed him-_

self at a window where he could look into the street

without being seen.
The organ-grinder was then several doors away,

looking up at the house before which he was play-

mg. .

"If that isn't an ordinary dago, he’s mighty well
made up,” remarked Chick, who was also looking
out. V g ‘ I

Nick said nothing.

The organ-grinder moved a few paces nearer. _
I A He was on the_other side of the street, and they
could not see his face. 9‘

\’ ;Niek stood motionless I until the organ-grinder: I

- changedy'his'tune and faced about. ’ 
Ha   “‘ " <m»m~a siiarf i ,

 

  
      
 

     
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   

 . He came slantwise across the street, and halted in
iront of the house next door to N ick’s. I
3,. There he began toplay again, looking up at the
house as before. ' I
. Nick stepped away from the window. A
“It's a good makeup,” he remarked, carelessly.
_*_Isn’t he a dago ?” asked Patsy.
 Chick asked:
' l‘-i‘liZ{isi‘he your man. Durk ?” ,
‘No to both of you,”_i-eplied Nick. “He isn't
iitaavylenougli for Durk. But he’s no Italian.”
“wad is he, then 3"

3 morning.
.“"1Tl'_i‘en you think Durk has sent for”you ?"

‘ll gcevtainly do. There is a way to ﬁndout. Whexi
“ops. in front of the house, toss him a nickel; If

    
     
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  

‘This is a battle to the death, boys, and I am
 get ready for it.”

‘_,why. _ . .

ad said more than once that he regarded the
_']leade1', whom he now called Durk, as his
milclewgness. « , ‘

"it was unlikely thatdboth would come
to  bedroom‘ and put away, the
 ifarrner ‘had given -him;  before
  out the check that has been
 the: farmer  next day. ' I
' I  hamaeh to m;,,=rn;¢g that hgkigetsl

“spoke more gravely‘ than usual, and they un- _. «

’ 
..‘Yo kn '

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

another his picklock, and his folding pocket lantern,
and so on. ,

When he had done all that heusually did to make
ready for a trip, he went to a ﬁreproof safe that stood
in agcorner of the room and unlocked it.

From one of the drawers in it, which was separ-

’ ' ately locked, he took a small ﬂask of something that

looked like brandy.

' Nick examined the cork to see that it was f,as'tcned
in securely, and then put it in the breast pocket of his
coat. A

All this time, and he had not hurried at all, he had
heard the music of the hand-organ.

When he went downstairs the organ-grinder was
still at work in front of his house.

“Did you give him a nickel?” he asked.

“Yes,” Chick answered.

“Well, then, good-by. I'm going to accept Durk’s
invitation and let this fellow lead me.” ‘ ‘

“Shall _we—.-—” Chick began.

“If Ida telephones,” Nick interrupted, “follow the
clew she gives, according to your own judgment.”

This was his way of telling them to stay where
they were. ' I . ‘. '

“N ick,” said Patsy, “you almost make me feel
frightened.” '

“why?    

~ "You seem serious.”

“Boys," he responded, smiling; “we are in a dam-
gerous business, and if ever I wasup against it I am
this trip. I don't fear the result. That wouldn’t be
like me, would it? But I should be a foolish boasteri
if I should say that I am going to capture thisman

I

- Durk. We take "chances very often. A How do I

know that someday a crook will not shoot straight

_ _  V _, v I when he tries to kill me? So, all I say now is that I
for    

e,xpect,_to tackle -the ahlestf triminalpil can remenibcr

 
   
 

   

.what that ineans.:{,'

. 5 ., '2:

against I shall get the bestof him if I 

...-

     
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
    
   
  
       
  
  
   
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 19

 ‘Nick sxniled and went out, but when he had gone an underground passage to the one he lived in, and
7Pat‘syi’Iooked at Chick and said anxiously: went upstairs to the street ﬂoor.

 

;‘“What do you think, old fellow ?”- Chick and Patsy were still in the front room.
ii “I7 hetfon _Ni<§k,” was the reply. They heard their chief, but, knowing what he was
 i i ' ‘ l about, and having expected just that move, they said
nothing. _

Nick opened the door, went down the steps and e
turned toward the organ-grinder.

CHAPTER CLIII.

 Mi-:01-‘wo Y. . . .' . , e
.  L ..   ‘RR - ‘ i The fake Italian was looking toward Nick s house,
’ Whcﬁ Nmk "cm Wt °f ms ‘muse the °rga"' and when he saw the detective come from it, he was V
39:54“ Wasibégmmng 3' new mac‘ so startled" that he stopped turning the crank.

 

.  dﬂﬂtiye hardly igianced at him’ but Slowxy He began again as soon as he saw that Nick was
 ‘stepsi and handed‘; iﬁckel to him in coming’ toward him. and he looked the other way’. i
A V  i I j "' ” _ M 4 . pretending that he had not seen the detective. ,
°Y'-"°“v W .‘““’= ‘’.‘° W“ L “‘°"° 3” Nick halted beside him and slowly took a nickel 5 
 iutfiouse’ d ‘ 1 h. h. from his pocket and laid it on the wagon.
’ ‘ ."§1g3mr' »remr.ne Hg man’ time mg is The man tried to bowiltid say “Thanks " but the
 hat ancjignnmnrg. - . word stuck in his throat ’ ' ii i
pick stopped then and addressed the fellow in . p - .  K .
.~ ‘  ' ‘ ‘ - He stopped playing again, and began to lift his
‘V organ to his back. {
“Excuse me,” said Niels, politely; “have you seen

       
    
      
    

  
 

yoiiphad good business this morning?” was

of what he said. ,
'},‘§i,-lei-.gan.-griiidei stared, looked very much sur- 3 man near here with an ax ?” 
i ﬁnd  eyes fen.» ’ ‘ I The organ-grinder» started and drew back. Then” I

      

uttered something that
§’¢‘i31dirt‘ioved‘on., i
‘said Nic’

the he stood still  answered: »

f   * ‘“No uitderstaa’,,‘signori”

1“: t°7hims¢Ir‘A‘ I ’.€*Ohi! don't you? I thought you spoke .English," _ 1
’ ' 4 .sai_d"Nicl<. v‘>‘It doesn’t matter. There's, a ‘man«-_ii;i-

L  iieigliborhood who tried to kill  withan ,‘3$:.

1 II tlipught you might have seen him. Goqdgniom-.,

 mg.si..» ~ . i      .

   
     
     
   
   
  

(With that tlie‘d‘etective_walked.slowly _on.   . 
 . ._ffI'y‘e ‘got him rattled noigf’; he. said. to 
2' J'f°"‘Ei1;8t:.,hB waspupsedt toisee._i:qe'_come mi! of ythewhi A
V ‘ - ‘  at  had disappeared_around the 
‘ wand” nginow-‘ii there  ..two.l6f.~iiie, 
ft hat; i it p, e ofinwﬁtalk about an ~a'x1,?

      

  

    
     

  
 
  
   
  
 
   
    
  
 
  
     
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
      

 20‘
Walking rapidly until the organ-grinder looked over
his shoulder.

A _i At that, Nick dropped to a slow walk’ and bent his
 head, as ifehe were thinking deeply.

“uﬂ  The. organ-grinder hurried on, and so did Nick,
 and they reached the corner almost together.
  apparently paid no attention to the man, who
"stairted up the avenue and turned to the left at the
 street. ~ -
e:  looked back at Nick as he did so, and Nick,
 with his head down, turned the same corner.
e"f'h'e fellow broke into a« run.

..N‘iek walked his fastest, and kept fairly near;
About half way down the block the organ-grinder
ﬂopped suddenly, unslung his organ and went to
gaining. a t '

  had slowed up at once, and the music ma-
hine was in full blast when he came alongside.

ifaitsing, just as before, the detective took a nickel

 his pocket‘ and laid it on the organ. '

 said nothing, but walked slowly on a few

‘paces. " , 

 For an instant the music stopped, and Nick felt a

light blow on his back. i

' i, It was followed by a metallic tinkling at his feet.

 ‘The, organ-grinder, maddened by the detective's

;§sciics,' had hurled the nickel after him.

 paidno attention to the coin, but stepped

Ito tlf'e‘.if:isrh,' took out his watch, and held it in his

' awhile no looked toward the fake Italian.

fellow coi1ldn’t stand that very long. _

’ ess thlanitwo minuteshis eyes were bulging
fright,  the sweat was pouring’ down his

K  ._,.‘_'V  "‘_ ' .
 M {slung  organ across his shoulders
,,  started down  ‘streencrossing to the
iide,T{  going inggtlief general ~, direction in

 

 

 

NICK CARTER werzxur.

for he thought the man might catch a car at the cor-
ner. . ’ V

In fact, that happened.

The organ-grinder hailed a south—bound car, threw

M his organ on the rear platform and scrambled aboard.

He had no sooner got on than Ni/ck also stepped to
the platform, and the conductor gave the signal to go

.ahead.

The car started, and the organ-grinder, now
deathly pale, went inside.

Nick remained on the platform, and lit a cigar.

He smoked ‘calmly, and never_ once looked at the
man he was worrying. ,

Even when the conductor ordered the man to take
his organ off the platform, Nick did not seem to no-
tice what happened. ‘

“Here, dago,” said the conductor; “you can't leave
this thing here; ‘It’s in the way. Hold it on your
knees or put it on the front platform.”

The man, with a scared look at the detective,
pulled the organ into the car and held it.

He looked often at Nick, and perhaps he began to V

think he was mistaken about the man who seemed
to be following him. Anyhow, when atolast the car
got to South Ferry, the organ-grinder went out by
the front door without looking behind him. i
And yet the detective did not look at him.
The organ—grinder almost touched him in passing,

darted among the waiting cars, and got aboard one

that was bound uptown.

Before it started Nick was on board also.

“I can keep this up as long as he can,-” he thought,
but there was nothing in his face to show that he
cared what the fake Italian did.

This time the journey was not so long.

A little way above Canal street the organ-grinder

ilefti the car again by the front"door, and Nick
V e ., _ ' stepped off at the rear. -'
 i,1e,.'pa‘ss~e’d on, ,.v

V Ihecar went on, but the organ-grinder stood still.
Theré_Was'a look of desperation on hisface. «

  

4r .‘ .,
3‘ e
K

" “See fhere !” ' he’, said, harshly ‘; ‘fyo"u"rev   A i

  

5 T . . NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Who?” returned Nick, quietly; “me ?”

“Yes, you l” cried the other. T

S . “Oh!” said Nick, as if he understood; “you.”

The organ-grinder gnashed his teeth.
, His courage was going fast.

. “You,” he said, pointing a ﬁnger at Nick, “fol-
“ 3 low me.’.’ ’ '
 ‘He was about to say more, but Nick interrupted.

_ -“Ah, yes, me,” pointing to himself, “you,” point-
. ing to the man. “Yes, yes; perfectly clear now.
7,.,Hap!=?-ha!” and he laughed as if he were very much
pleased. ' .

’ix~The organ-grinderluttered a savage oath, and ran
‘with all his_'s_peed down the street toward the river.
 ,Loaded, as he was, with his organ, he could not
make great speed, and Nicktrotted easily after and

   
  
  
   

kept close to him. g
. They came to a place where a building had been
M ‘torn down, and a fence had been put up around the
empty lot. ' .

The man ahead, without stopping in his run, threw

  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
     
  
    

the organ over the fence. » i .

 ~ —_After that he made grftater speed, but there was
phoﬂshaking his pursuer. A '

  ‘l?eop1e on the street stared at them, and a police-
.in’an they met lookadas if he thought of interfering,
». but ‘neither the fugitive nor Nick _said anything, and

,Vthey,m‘were not stopped. V -

i _§At last the,man‘ ahead turned_ suddenly. into a
3, ‘large'warehouse and shut the door behind him. '

.-  Nick, six feet behind, heard the click of a lock as
 V key was turned. ' T ‘

CHAPTER‘ CLIV.
IN THE rowan or A V-ILLAIN3
t, has often been remarked by*Nicl€ Carter’s
/ nds that he knew everything about the city of
‘ York. . A T

\

em

4 R

 

g~ themi with information ~ about
‘ no *they.expressed their

—\

 

 
    

 

  that was overzstating it, but he was -

was,,,necessary-  his . '
T f-f»TGi.e3 11' 

21
For example, there was the building into which

the fake Italian had gone; Nick knew that it was
part of some property over which there was a law-

suit, and that it had been standing empty for months.

He knew that» nobody would have a legal right to
use the building until the lawsuit was settled.

\Ve will not stop to inquire what was in his
thoughts when the fugitive entered the building, but
will attend only to what he did.

\Vithout any delay, he applied his picklock, and
turned the bolt easily, for it was an ordinary lock.

Then he went in and closed the door behind him.

It was very dark in there, and for a moment the
detective, having come in from broad daylight, could
see nothing.

He heard no sound, and he quitkly, but with per-
fect silence, stepped to one side.

His hand, which he held before him, came against
something that seemed to be a bale of dry goods. '

Nick halted there and waited.

After a full minute, he suddenly leaped in the dark-
ness, came against a man who wascrouching, and
caught him by the throat.

That was with one hand. With the other Nick
tore a knife from the man’s grasp and let it fall to
the ﬂoor. 1»

He put his foot on the knife, and ﬂashed his
pocket lantern on the scene. it

The light revealed the fake Italian struggling to
tear Nick’s ﬁngers from his throat. l

“Hello!” said Nick, calmly, but as if somewhat
surprised, “is that you again? Going to show me
through the house?” . -

With that he pushed the fellow away, but kept the

rays of the lantern upon his face.

The man fell to his knees, and stayed there a {no-
ment, snarling like a mad beast.

He kept his savage eyes on the detective,, and
slowly got to his feet. ' ‘

“Curse you I” he hissed. V. A
‘fAll _right,’_’ responded Nick; “that goes. I11 " 5

   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 

22'

The man looked as if he thought of springing upon
the detective, and trying to overcome him, but he
must ha_ve known that that would be the most fool-
ish thing he could do; and, after a moment, he sud-
denly darted toward the door. .

Nick let him pass without a word, pocketed his
lantern, and followed him out.

Then for hours the strange chase continued. _

Wherever the man went, there Nick went, too,
never trying to conceal his movements, and never in-

' terfering with the fugitive. '

Now and then, when he could foresee clearly what

. ’ would let the fellow get out of sight for a few min-

V lutes, but it would only be to pop up in front of him
just when he believed that he had shaken his pur-
suer.

- If the fellow had been an innocent man, he could
have had his tormentor arrested, but of course he
didn’t try that, and, at last, late in the afternoon,
'when it was beginning to grow dark, he took a car
that carried him to Brooklyn Bridge.

From that time, he did not look‘ at the detective,
and gave up his efforts to break away.

He hung his head sullenly, and when he left the
car he walked slowly.

For nearly two miles he wandered around the
streets, coming ﬁnally to a place where there was a
rowtof new houses.

‘Without looking around to see if the detective
were following, he went into a house in the middle of
the row. i "

This house and most of the others appeared to be

p ﬁnished, but there were some wherefwork was still
. , going on; not at this hour, though, for it was so late
-that the workmen had gone home.
2 Nick drew a long breath.
~ He had stopped on the opposite side of the street,
, 1 ‘and was looking at the row of houses.
. ., f“I-think this is the end,” he said to himself. “It
 "isn't _'the place where Patsy said that Richardson
' lives, ‘but, just the same,,I think I shan’t have to go
any further. 
B e went over and climbed: the steps to the front
 picklock was in his hand, for he ¢xpected
  as, as  done at the warehouse,‘but he
 , A s  was not wholly closed. V
~ s Eli ’ N  the frame, but

  

effort the man might make to shake him off, he‘

Leary

 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

"My man may be getting out through the back
yard,” thought the‘ detective.

He pushed the door open quickly and stepped in.

On the instant that his feet crossed the threshold
he received a terriﬁc blow on the top of his head.

An iron weight‘ had been fastened above the door
and held there in such a way that the opening of the
door would cause it to fall.

Nick staggered forward, reaching out his hands
blindly, for all he could see was flashes of light and
shooting stars.

He knew that another blow fell upon him-—a blow
that caused all the stars to disappear. ‘

And then he thought that he was drowning.

His head seemed to be abovewater, and’ the waves
were dashing against his face, but he could not swim.
He was so worn out with the struggle that he could
not move either arms or legs.

Another wave splashed against his face, and he
opened his eyes.

At first he could not understand it.

‘He blew the water from his mouth and tried to
wipe it from his eyes. ’

Then he understood why he could not do so.

His arms were above hishead. the wrists fastened
together and chained to a ringbolt in the wall.

His ankles were also chained and fastened to an-
other ringbolt. _

A gas jet was burning at the other side of the
room. '

By its light he saw the man he had followed for
so many hours standing in front of him. with a glass
of water raised to throw. _

Beyond him, sitting in a chair and smoking a cigar,
was Durk.

The man with the glass of water grunted when the
detective opened his eyes, and set the glass on a
shelf. ’

“Ah !”, said Durk, harshly, “I began to fear that we

_had overdone it, and that I should not have the pleas-

ure of talking with you, Nick Carter.”

Nick tried to make answer, and only then realized ‘

that a ruler had been fastened in his mouth, so that
he could make no more than a gurgling sound when
he tried to talk.
Durk turned to the other man and added: ‘
“Noneed to throw any more water in his face,
‘A Get ready to unfasten the ruler.”

   
  

 

 
 

  

NICK? CARTER‘ WEEKLY.

 

‘“ . ' Leary went to the detective’s side, and Durk stood’
I‘ up,_..taking avrevolver from his pocket. _

—'-.‘5I'-'can" miss a‘ running man in -the night,” he said,
“butt:-at‘-’a distance of ten ;feet, with my target steady,
V I. can ‘hit the mark. Now, understand me, Carter.
i'.Yo'ur ‘time has come at la." . It’s a question of
 hours at the most. You can make it a question of
7- sAeonds,_if you want to. When that ruler is taken
fifomyour mouth you may cry out if you th_ink it will
do you any good. I don’t think you will, for y_ou"re
of notythat kind of a man, but if you do I shall ﬁre; and
1} I sh'an’t miss this time. Understand?" '
I ‘Nick moved-this eyes to indicate that he did, for he
eouid not -make any other motion. _ ‘
.~;f1‘j;en' Leary took away the ruler. .
‘pm-'l;.sto_pd_ with -the. revolver.raised for a moment,
 he settled back in"his chair.
V. ‘."I'_’.h;_1:{'s.jig'ht,"A he said; “look around you, Carter,
sand see what's going to happen. You’re a pretty
.¢,,;¢1«¢},¢r; sort _of a. man, and you have wonderful luck-—
 xakg itrall in and see what a. fix you've got into
 .,.u,_,,, time.” . ,. ' .
~ “ﬁg spokg thus because the‘ detective was not pay-
gmg._-iattenition to him'orlLeary, but, now that he
 l£:i~d_m_ove.his head from side to side, was looking
it thefroom;-" j‘ ' ' _ .'
:'was evidently a rear room in the house, but
' hgron first or second floor he could not decide.
I i a,‘ were two ‘windows, ‘but the blinds w.c_I'_¢
and the eurtainidrawn, doubtless for the pur-
at preventing ,any.1ight ?r9m appearinson the

 
 

    
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
    
  
     
 

 

 

_tiele_oj furnitureinterested him. ,

, 'ta1l"cl'ock—-one of the old-fashioned

A 'i‘al'ly'-called ay‘,‘grandfat‘her’s clocki.” 

» . _ ’?a:t:one' side of the room, and the first thing

‘I ‘ ifgca aboutit was’ that the hands showed

' ‘rter, to twelve o’c1ock_. , .
the”y’Il.Kk'ill me at midnight,” he

  

ideecl. wfasidone. .  o
clock a: pistol stucltfiiut.‘ _

 
 
 

  

  

23
face. The loop was fastened near the ﬁgure “6” on
the dial. ‘

When Nick had taken this in, he looked over at
Durk.

“\Vell?" he said. ,

“\Vel1!” roared Durk, furiously, “will nothing
shake your nerve?” H

“That thingamajig won’t,” Nick replied, jerking
his head toward the clock. ,

Durk glared at him, and ﬁngered his revolver as if
he would like to put the stubborn detective out of the
way at once, but he held back because he wanted to
torture him, and have the pleasure of making the
detective feel that he was beaten at last. -

“You see,” Nick added, “I know so much about
you that I don’t see any reason for anxiety.
course, I admit that this position you’ve got me in
isn’t exactly comfortable. It’s kind of wearing to
the arms and back, but if it suits you, I’m satisﬁed.
Anything to oblige, you know.”

Durk ground his teeth. He had had some hope
that the detective would whine and beg for mercy.

“What do you know about me?” he demanded.

. “Well, for one thing,” replied Nick, 5‘I know that '

your name is Durk andthat you pass in Brooklyn for
Thomas Riehardson.’.’ , _ A

For a moment the villain sat silent. Then he
said:

“You get my name, I suppose, from my resem-

blance to my twin brother.” _, -

“Yes,” said Nick, who, in thinking it over, had
come to the conclusion that this must he thefact;
“the twin brother whom you murdered in Mount
.Vernon.”

“That's right,” admitted the scoundrel, noddingtgi

“that’s right. If he, the drunken fool, hadn’tgbun-
gled that job you never would have blocked it, and
'you never._would have left that house alive. I saw

that my brother was a hopeless case. “He would,

have queeredanything I might "try toido. So I

ended him and made up my mind that I wouldn't rest‘:

until I had ended you.” .
. ‘-‘Fu‘nnyl’’ exclaimed Nick, smiling. _ 
‘fF1u1Iify!”_, roiarcdﬁurk; “what's iunny E" .

_.f‘Why,.that,’,we bothwshould nape‘ had the

" I died’: know who you wereaihggi‘

    

  
  

   

L

or‘

my   

   
   

 24

“VVell,""t said Durk, “I'll admit that you’ve scored
against me several times, but he laughs best who
» , laughs last. Isn’t that so, Carter?”
I “Oh, yes. Better have your laugh now, Durk;
something might happen to prevent it if you wait.”
‘ “Do you mean that I'd better kill you on the
. spot?” . . A
"‘Take it that way if you want to. I was only
thinking that it isn’t time yet to speak of the last
./laugh.” ’ .

“No; but it will be before another day passes.
'I’m going to have the satisfaction first of making you
suffer. I didn't take up the business I’m in without
knowing how to handle it.”

_ “That's right.” .

“You've defeated me several times,” Durk went

 g on, "because I have to employ men who are not my
~_ . equals. Also. because you have good luck. But
 " your good luck is at an end, and when you are out
 A" v of the way I shall get new men around me, and I’ll
‘ l make the city buzz with crime.
ting plainly, you see, for you won’t tell about it.”

“There are others.” suggested Nick.

“Your assistants!” cried Dark.‘ “Yes. but when
their leader is gone they will be as good for nothing
as my men are without me to lead them. Just the
same, I tell younow that thenext job after you are
gone will be to get those Smart Alecks, Chick and

. Patsy, out of the way.” . ..

“Yes,” "said Nick. "that's a good plan, a very good

plan. And then there’s Petey. You mustn't forget

Petey.” V V _ ‘ '

“ii “Who is Petey?” demanded Durk, suddenlyi in-

I terested. _ v _

I 7‘ -“I thought y'ouididn,’t know Petey. It wouldn’t
._' be safe for you to leave him alive. Petey is my old

  

   

 

   
  
  
   
  
  

'1'"-balckl of any house." ’
’ Durk sprang to his feet, choking with rage.
‘ Leary,Atoo,, was in a fury, and he aimed‘ his re-
. volverat the detective. _ A " .y '
“_Stop!’7 shouted _Durk.",_ “I’ll not have himkilled
whit '_he{s._la_ughing at us. ; Ij’,rn here. to make him
1... ’ . -withaszivage oath, and ydroppegclvback

  
 

 

I don’t mind speak-

" cat.‘ You might ﬁnd him most any night in the yard A

  
  
 

« s

prove‘ Roi’,
3! 57.3w

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

ter, and I’ll make you believe it before you are
snuffed Out. in
‘~‘I didn’t know you were on that train this morn-
ing, and I didn't recognize you till I saw you outside.
VVhat happened then I won't repeat. for you know all
about it ”
"And I got the best of you." interrupted Nick.
“Oh! did you? I think not. Didn't we get
away P" I
“And didn't I live to find out who you are ?"
» “Only to get in my power, Carter. Listen to me."
“Spiel.” I
“Ugh! I hired this house weeks ago for just the
purpose I am putting it to now, for I knew that some
day I could lead you here. Do you suppose I hired
it in the name of Gideon Durk, or of Thomas C. D.
Richardson? Hardly. It was hired by one of my
men who is now in the Tombs waiting trial.”

“By the way,” said Nick, “that man tells me he
expects you to furnish him with a good lawyer and
to provide fake testimony in his favor.”

Durk’s eyes opened wide.

' He stared speechless at the detective a moment.

“I don’t believe it 1” he cried.

.“Oh, yesyou do.”

“I don’t care, then. \Vhat I want you to under-
stand is that I have covered my tracks in using this
house. The rent is paid for six months. When I go
out to—night, it won't be entered until at least that
time hasegtpired. Then the owner may come in, and
he’ll find your body." A '

“Beautiful!” murmured the detective.

“I want you to understand how you came here,"
Durk went on. “I sent Leary to your street to see
if you were at home—————”

“He found me.” E

_“Yes, and, thanks to your infernal worrying, he
lost his head. But he kept to his instructions pretty
well. , He led you to the warehouse, hoping that
you'd give up the chase. and, when you got in,.he
tried to end the matter there, but you were too much
for him. _ I don’t ﬁnd anyfault with Leary. He's
been my right-hand man all the time. It was he
who first telephoned with your man when you pulled
the joiiit in Hoboken.. But no matter about that.
Leaii‘y’sgorders were, if you followed him, to bring
you hetjeaiter nightfall, and he sucéeededin that.

do »' ~ ‘

 

 

I , _   

you, and we had : you 

      
 
 

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

any of your crew had followed. It proved that you
were alone, and we tied you up where you are now.
I didn't care to have you come to much before mid-
night, butit began to look as if you’d never wake, so
we threw water! in your ifaceto rouse you. 5
‘’‘‘Now then, Carter, what do you think of it ?"

“Pretty well done for amateurs,” replied the de-
tective. ‘ I

At thatvimoment the tall clock struck twelve times.

Durk got up. i V

“Amateurs !’=' he exclaimed, hotly. _“I’ll show you!
I w‘on’t waste any more time with you. Fix the
clock so it won't strike again, Leary, and put it in
position.” '

 

CHA-PTER CLV.
9-‘ W ' THE LAST LAUGH.

. I‘. Leary opened the clock and took ‘out the hammer,
-. whichshe ‘threw on the ﬂoor. '

Then heimoved the clock so that.the pistol fas-
tened to it pointed at N ick’s heart. ‘
._ _ ' He took a good deal of painsabout this, and Durk

'- helpedhim. * '

“See this loop?” asked Durk: when all was ready.

'“.Yes,” Nick answered, ‘.‘it’s ﬁxed so that the hour
I hand will catch,it at six~o’clock in the morning.” ‘
' “Right! and the hour hand will carry it slowly up
“tlie"'cli'al.' The further up it goes, the straighter the
I "rd will get. At exactly twelve o'clock the cord
ﬁilil be pulled tight. This is a hair trigger pistol,
Carter, and the instant the cord tightens, it will ﬁre.
' So yeuisege you’ve got until twelve o'clock, noon, to
" .;tltink’abi'5ut".it. ‘At that hour, Thomas G. D.‘ Rich-
-iardson will be attending to his respectable business as
an importg;'.,a.ti’1d‘Leary, his head clerk, will be with
Ihirnjv V »  _ . " . g I
 “I should think you’d ‘want ‘to see it happen,” sug-
gest_ed’Ni‘ckI' -_ A ‘ 7" ' ’ ' ,
'-"‘You‘lEnbw I Wodldrft take the risk of discovery,
Gartu. vt‘;%§ow,?there’is one more thing. I've had
‘ en '£ré_‘m the clock, so that it won’t
. Pinake the‘ ti‘me"seem longer to you

 uagayxgght.-«

 
   
  
  
 
  
   
     
 
 
 
  

 

    
    

 
  
  

25

_ But Leary was frightened for nothing.. Nick was
caught and held in such a way that he could not use
his great strength. And, as a matter of fact, he
knew no way by which he could hope to free himself.

"Fasten the ruler in, Leary,” said Durk.

“\Vait just a minute," exclaimed Nick.

His tone was very serious. and Durk turned with a.
smile, for he thought that at last the strong,-hearted
detective was weakening. And that seemed to be
the case. ’

‘‘I’ye been jollying you." Nick went on, “because
there was no use in doing anything else, but, of
course’, I’m not such a fool as to deny that you’ve got
me. That's the case. and I won’t waste your time by
begging for my life.”

“Oh, do!" cried Durk. “I should like to hear
you !”

He grinned ferociously, and Leary’s eyes blazed

with villainous pleasure. ~

“.No,” said Nick. “I won't do that; but I will ask
one last favor. You can’t have so much against me
that you won't grant it.”

“What is it?"

“I’ve been strung up here some hours already,
haven’t I?”

“Yes.”

“And I've got a long time to stand it before the
end. I’m already terribly thirsty ”

“Ha! he suffers, Leary! he suffers!” M

“Shall I throw some more water in his face?”
chuckled Leary. '

“That would be better than nothing," said Nick,
piteously, “but, for Heaven's sake, man. do a little
better by me.” _

“He wants us to go to the nearest saloon and buy

him a ball!” Leary cried, almost dancing with de-.

light. A

“No,” Nick said. “not that; but I've got a little
liquor in my pocket " '

“Which pocket?" asked Durk.

“Inside breast.”

“Get it out, Leary.”

Grinning like a fiend. Leary went up to Nick and
took from the pocket indicatcdthe small flask that
the detective had taken from his safe at home. "

“'Won’t you give me a. drink of ‘it P” asked Nick.»
» answered I_)urk,_A ‘fsay. that again lg ’ Be

 

    
 

“Brandy 1" cried Leary, “and I’l1betA:it’s hot stuff.”

 
 
 

    
 
    
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
  

. 26

He took the flask from Leary and held it before
‘  the defective. I i " ” ' ‘

“Just a little, Durk,” pleaded Nick, his voice trem-
bling. ‘ l -

p “Not a drop!” roared the villain. “Nick Carter,
. you die at noon, and I hope you’ll suffer a thousand
“deaths from thirst before the fatal hour arrives.
1,  on, Leary.”

by He strode out of the room, and Leary followed,
_ having first replaced ‘the ruler in Nick’s mouthand
M  turned off the gas. ,

3 _, “Oh, wouldn’t Nick Carter like a drink?” he cried,
3' ’-hauntingly‘ as he closed the door. _

'1 “Nick heard them going along the hall toward the
“front of thehouse, and, chained there in the darkness
, ;’before that murder machine, he smiled. _

Q  AI-Iow the dreary hours passed he could not tell, for
*-‘lie could not see the clock andit no ‘longer struck.
_ A. It ticked and ticked away, and with every minute
the strain on'Nick’s muscles grew greater.

A 2 ‘ :  He. was tied so that his weight hung on his wrists,
it and it is. wholly probable that an ordinary man would
i have fainted ,with,pain. 1

, But Nick “Carter was trained for endurance. .

 If. his enemies crept back toenjoy his torment,
they must have been disappointed, tor no groan came
his throat.“ , . _ _ _ . A .
Q .,.'Nick did n_ot.faint away; but, strange as it may

 he slept. V V‘ ‘ 4, .

It was not a deep, comfortablesleep, but it was un--
congciousness that caused some of the hours to pass
 for he opened his eyesat last to daylight.

M  was not a bright light, for the windows _were too
heavily, curtained for-that, but he could see the clock
-ixipfront of him. ' ~ A T |_ i
 It  halﬁpast eight.‘ . i . _,  , ~ , -
A A hour hand had,.caught‘the loop and was stead-
 ittip the ‘dial. - .
 gfmnts ax‘i;i;ii hall to live 1.. i

add thought that .perha:ps" the

i

ﬁiﬁvé li

   
  

. i ' _.cahi§h"t7',‘ and unless avmiraele

     

 
   

-toward the to-p.

n;.;_ "mat the ‘hour hand imigi-it

NICK cARTERwEeKLv.

So calm was he that he wondered if he wohild feel

the bulletiwlierrit entered his heart.

Again he clozed, waking from time to time to see
that the hour hand had carried the’ loop still further
The cord was nearly straight, but Nick could
hardly read the time. ’
‘He was terribly sleepy, the drowsiness oi exhaus-
tion. ‘A '
‘At last he could seebut one hand on the clock’s

liace.

The hour hand had cr.ept under the minute hand,

and in another minute it would pass the “I2” mark.

A The fatal hour had come! But there was the
sound of voices—the opening of doors-—hurried
steps on stairs.

“They ‘took me up to the second ﬂoor," thought
Nick, his mind even at the last working in its usual
‘way, reasoning out one fact from another.

The door of his death "chamber was burst in, but
he was too far gone to see who entered. ‘

'“Great God!” cried a shocked voice.

A Ieapacrossvtlie ﬂoor, so that the house shook
withiit, a blow and over went the clock onits side.

And, as it struck the ﬂoor, there was a flash of ﬁre.‘
a puff of. smoke, aloud report, and the deadly. bullet
was buried harmless in the house wall. A

“Never touched" me,” said Nick, faintly, and once
again. he lost consciousness.» .

, \{Vhen he came to, Chick was kneeling beside him,
Vrubybing his limbs, and Patsy was forcing liquor. be-
tween his lips. A , A V ‘ ‘i ’ "

“All right, boys,” he said, leebly: “Go slow now.
Give me a little time and I’ll be with you.”

He moved his arms a little. A

“Fee1s‘igooc',” he muttered. “I had forgotten how
it seemed to ‘have, any anus.” ' -- .

Then, Chick helping him, he sat up.

Near him was the clock, still on its side, and he saw,
they rihgbolts-to which he had beenfastened. if

“That was the closest call yet, boys,” he saidi
“How didgiyougmanage it?f’ ’"  - T A ‘
 ‘_‘,It{ was this way,” Chick answen-.d.j “Pat was

Y

. Fe-,,,.~,;,s vgheuiyougleit  yesterday to c1aase’%i,tisg ,

 

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

had a case of nerves. He couldn’t sit still after you
went out the second time.”

- “I’m not ashamed of it now,” interrupted Patsy,
“but the fact is, I was scared. I thought something
was. going to happen, so I shadowed you and your
man." ‘ ~

“Oh! then that explains it.”

“Yes. I tagged around after you all day, and at
last saw you go into this house. Then I felt ashamed.
‘Nick knows what he's about,’ says I, ‘and if I hang
around I shall queer his play.’ So I went home.”

. “We didn’t think much of it when you didn’t come

. , home in thg evening,” Chick went on, “but this

morning we got pretty nervous, both of us. We.

hadn’t heard from Ida, and, to make it short, we- de-
termined u; come. over here and see what was up.”
“And you got here just in time.” ..
‘‘So it seems. I suppose now that we’ve got to
. -“take a fresh start after that rascal ”
'  * “Durk? Yes, that's his name,,alias Richardson.
No, Chick,,unless 1 am very much mistaken, Durk
” ‘andhis last accomplice‘ are held by a stronger hand
: » "than ours, or that of the law. You know I said this
I: would be a battle to the death?” '
 V‘ A “Yes, but I don’t see the end of it.”
 “Nor I—-yet; but let me get up.‘ I can walk now.
A I am sure.”
 They helped Nick to his feet, and he smiled when
he found how unsteady he Was-
’ .’f“I was strung up a pretty long time,” he said, as
{fit was necessary to apologize; “twelve hours that
Ii"-l_t’now about.” _
;I_-Ie sat down in Durk’s chair for a moment, but his
strength came back to him fast. l
__ __ «Lass fake aJpol; around,” he said, rising.‘ “I
335% i,Durk and his man are still in the house.”
 iyldrew his revolver.
 ‘"9? on won't need it." Said Nick-
“ . -  from the room and along the hall.
  had gone downstairs,” he remarked, “I
‘ha heard them, but I didn’t know I was up-
" 7 gard 1 you boys coming. Here”-—hc
901' to a front room—“let‘s try this."
_the_ knob, he knelt and‘ smelt at
?»r’h¢\: added, “ind it will be
 Th_e'y.’_ve been here

Q

 

  

   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
   
 

 
     

27

He opened the door and stood aside. after a glance
into the room.

Chick and Patsy halted on the threshold in aston-
ishment. ' A

At a table sat both Durk and Leary, their heads
drooping, both stone dead. ' I

There was a small ﬂask in Durl<'s hand, and near it
was a drinking—glass.

The ﬂask was empty.

“Poisoned!” exclaimed Patsy.

“Not exactly.” said Nick. "but it amounts to the
same thing. That ﬂask held something that looked
like brandy. It was really the most dangerous thing
known to chemistry. When it is exposed to the air
it instantly sends oﬂ fumes that choke any who are
near it. One breath of it means death. They
thought they were going to rob me of a little brandy,
but they didn't get any further than to open the ﬂask.
They didn't pour out a drop of it. In these twelve
hours all the stuff has evaporated. VVe‘d better not

stay here. for there is enough left in the air.to make

us sick.” ~
He closed the door and they left the house.
All the facts, of course, were promptly made

known to the law oﬂicers, and, except for testifying ‘
‘in court against their prisoners, that was the last

of their dealings with_Durk's great gang. The gang
had been broken up before, and the death of the
leader finished the affair.

It should be said. however. that. at Nick’s sugges-
tion. a search was made in the wiarehouse to which
Leary had led him, and many thousand dollars’ worth
of goods were found there. all of which had been
stolen. 1
That property was identified by its owners, and re-
covered. ,

This great case having been ﬁnished, Nick and his
assistants were once more ready to take up other
work. There was always plenty for them to do, and

they had only to take their pick.
"P0 in: CONTINUED.

Next week's issue will contain the account of Nick
Carter and the King of the Tramp Thieves. Read of

tbe plucky _undertak,ipg'- of Patsy’: in joining the tram: ,  .
thiévesgadvbei ihavrewﬂ when burns ‘

 

 

 FUN FOR EVERYBODY!

This is where all of the funniest stories sent in by the contestants in the new contest will appear. Here are
some right off the bat just sent in. Read them, boys, and then send in your own.
We expect to make these pages the funniest that were ever printed. The boys who read them will get a
/T’ V fund of stories that will keep their friends laughing for a week.

Th e Minstrel Show.
Scene—-Doctor’s Office.

Interlocutor: I saw you passing my oﬂice to-day.
Sambo: Your oﬁce! That ash barrel.
Int.: No; I keep a drug store. I am a doctor and
‘druggist.
Sarnbo: We belong to the same fraternity.»
Int.: Do you know anything about medicine?
Sambo: I ought to know something about medicine.
I used’ to take care of a doctor's horse.
b Bones: Me, too; I know all about medicine. I washed
the doctor's wagon.
Int.: Then you know something about malaria medira.
’ You are well versed in medicine.
Samba: Yes; I'm a surgeon.
Int.: Well, since you are doctors, I am going to inter-
rogate you on the subject of medicine. Now, let me ask
» 4 you‘a question. Suppose a Dutch baker was along the
. F’ street and should slip and fall and sprain his back, what
' » would you all that?

— , « - Bones: A Dutch twist. ‘, '
1,. V ' Int.: If a dude should fall and sprain his wrist, what
" i would you call that? »‘

~ Samba: A monkey wrench. ,

Int,; If you should see a man hanging, what would
-J you do? « ,
J " Bones: Cut him down.
. ~ . Int.: Medically speaking?
T A Samba: Cut him up. -
~ ~ Int. :_ If a man should swallow a pound
— '» what would you do? *

 Samba: ‘Get his money, light a match to him and ﬁre

is him‘ oﬁ’. _ ‘ '

.. .- . .I.utv.: If a man was to fall through .3 coal hole and
5 break both legs, what would you do? .

1,.’ Bones: ‘Get him arrested for stealing coal?

 ‘ .Iut.: If a little boy should accidentally swallow a bot-

tleof ink. what would you do to relievehirn?

‘- ..Sambo: Stuff him full of blotting paper.

.~ . In: If a man ‘ would walk into your oﬂice with a

‘ raging toothache, what would you do?

-"Hugues: _Pull his tooth. ’
‘ Int the had a sprained ankle?
 Pull his leg. . « -~

of gunpowder,

5:
r

 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
     
   

,‘ '5  K

 

  

 

1.

asked what kind of animals them was he was ploughing
with. The farmer told him they were mules, and the
Irishman seemed very anxious to own a pair and asked
him where he got them. The farmer then told him they
were raised from eggs on which you had to sit for eight
weeks before the young mules appeared, and he said he
had two eggs he would sell for ﬁve dollars apiece.

The green Irishman said he would buy them and the
farmer gave him, in exchange for his ten dollars, two
large pumpkins.

The Irishman took his pumpkins or mule eggs home
and sat on them for eight weeks, and as no mules came
out of them, he got angry and determined to throw

them away, so he ‘took them to a hill near by and threw ’

them down it, and it happened that one of them struck
a tree behind which sat a rabbit, and as the pumpkin
struck the tree it burst, and the rabbit, being frightened,
ran away. and the Irishman, seeing the rabbit, and on
account of its long ears, he thought it was a young mule,
and he yelled to it:
“Come back, you bugger; I'm your father."

Cure for Rheumatism.
(By Charles Dietrich, Chicago, 111.)

Once upon a time——that’s the way all stories begin,
you know—there was a man who had rheumatism so bad
that he could hardly walk. So he bought one of these
push-chairs and hired a servant to push him around
where he felt like going.

Well, one day he said, “Jim, it’s a nice cool day. Do
you think you could push me a few miles out of town?”

Jim said, “Yes, sir,” and Jim started to push him on
the main road leading out of the city.

It did not take him as long as he thought it would,
for everything was so nice and quiet. At last they
reached a spot where Jim could rest. Jim sat down

under a treeand fell asleep. The sick man looked about‘ -

him and suddenly he saw a wild’ bull coming toward
them at full speed and bellowing wildly. As it came Jim
heard the noise, and he jumped up and rubbed his eyes
and started to run for dear life.

but it Jim heardhirn he kept on running. The 

had a hard time of it, for the hull was only a few rods . J =

away. The cripple leaned up straight and fell out of the  -

, chair just in time, for the bull knocked the chair into l 
is thousand pie_ces.,'l‘lie eripplein hisexeio.-went jun;

,aud..  ed torun after Jim. ‘ﬁeieanghtjrp with’ 
mi e front the city.«g;Jim,‘.'thinking'.'
rind    mm s s 

The cripplesaw him '
running and yelled for him to come back and save him, ‘

  

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

all the faster. His master, thinking that he had seen
,the bull, ran all the faster, too, keeping up with the
other and running in the city, yelling as if insane. The
police arrested them both. They told the judge their
story, andwere then let go-. The papers were full of it.
People laughed at them, but the cripple did not care, for

S the excitement had cured him, and he walks now as
well as any one. V J

 

He Couldn't Carve It.
(By Robert Hynes, Kentucky).

John Williams married a girl who had two sisters,
, ‘end one was married to a fellow named Jim. The single
; ‘ girl was always bragging about Jim before John. One
2 ‘ ‘Sunday John’s wife gave her sisters a dinner. She had
i been married three years, and the chicken she had was
» i an old rooster which her mother gave her when she
married. it was‘ so tough that she boiled it from Thurs-
,. day morning till Sunday morning, and it did not get
, tender, but she dressed ‘it with oysters and baked it
"a brown. At dinner John was the carver. but the chicken
V‘ f-- was tough, and his knife dull, and he could not cut the
U gwcliicken. His sister-in-law‘ began to talk of how her
';:“ brother Jim could carve. John grew madder and mad-
" 1; arler, till he could not hold his temper. He suddenly took
the chicken -from the dish and holding it in his hand he
 .f, kicked out in the yard, and replied at the same time:
 7;‘! d n't think Jim or any other common man could
3 Carve this-sun of a gun.”

   

 

 “An Antiquated Taterbug.
(By T. Grover, Kerth, Arkansas.)

. E" lvMiss Felicia Taterbug was the belle of Tightwad Cor-
~  ‘She was a nice young girl of perhaps three or four

 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

if T front-piece was well calculated to give you the in-
‘  ‘ gfﬁgst glance. Just one goo~goo eye from her

1‘ tgndehcy to remind you of the time you tied the
 of old Towser and Tom together and threw them
icl th 1' .
sheﬁzvagsrihtlie, her father having died and left hhr
‘ -eight cents-—all in two-cent postage stamps-_—and
gel-colored mule way out West in the mining
_p' of _._Diehard, Mexico. Consequently her company

-‘ ht.
Snag? at church, Mr. Farragut Wishbone, a
‘ vﬁated‘ widower, sidled _up.to her and asked for
*l':q(ngqny. He leered so lovingly at her that she fell
‘ ' in a_ paralytic ﬁt, but she soon recovered
that tjmg they were awfully soft on each other.
oget to mention Miss Taterbug s nephew,
—'y,-esome, a bIue—eyed, angel-faced cherub
team and a dog under the wagon for
iregnlar juvenile Nick Carter for hunt-
‘ discovered", that his aunt had a.
 he yowed ven ‘ ape upongher.
 « to; go; into if?
. ‘  '

   
   

   
  
 

parlor. With
tabbed. the fi ‘ily Bible
‘of b‘  Tltérb

shimmers, and that horrid nose on her lemon-tem- ,

29

With a lugubrious grin on his radiant mug, be erased
the seven and substituted four. This made it read: F.
Taterbug, born 1840. Chuckling all over with satisfac-
tion, he closed the book, placed it on the center table
and was about to skedaddle, when there came a soft
knock on the parlor door. Softly he opened it and there
stood the widower.

4 “Is Miss Taterbug in?” Mr. Wishbone inquired.

“Yessir,” grinned Tommy. “She just now yelled

downstairs for her cork leg.”

“Her cork leg?”

“Yessir. She bought a new one yesterday and I am
making bottle stoppers out of the old one.”

Mr. Wishbone, much bewildered, thought there must
be a sad mistake.

“You surely don't mean Miss Felicia Taterbug, do
you ?”

“ Yessir. I mean Aunt Felicia Taterbug. She's almost
seventy years old.” ,

“ What's that?” the widower gasped, and be looked as
if “he'd been sent for and couldn’t go.”

‘‘That’s the gospel truth, and I’m a Sunday-school
boy,” chuckled Tommy. “If you thought of marrying
her you've run the risk of your life. for she's killed a
dozen people, and you'd a been the thirteenth one.”

“Can such be possible?” sighed Mr. Wishbone.

‘ ' Yessir. Afore you'd a been married two weeks she'd
a worshipped you with the ba1d~headed end of a broom.
But I’ll go up and tell aunty you are here.” And with
that Tommy left him. Heartsick, the widower paced
the floor, but suddenly a suspicion began to dawn upon
him.- Just then catching sight of the old Bible, be de-
cided to investigate. But the black truth ﬂared him in
the face.

"The kid told the truth," he muttered. “This lacks
but a week or two of being 1902, and she is nearly sixty-
two. Great heavens! Wlio’d a’ thought it.”

Just then Miss Taterbug appeared on the scene, and
with girlish impulsiveness fell on his bosom. Old Wish-
bone didn’t “gee wuth a copper,” but tore loose and
began to bestow his blessing. The old maid seemed to
catch Mr. Wishbone's spirit immediately for her arms
began to work like double-jointed piston rods. For
about ten minutes the air was ﬁlled with a double-dyed

.extract of compressed hot air, alias ‘.‘shemale and

hemale cuss words.” After the battle had ceased the
wishbone was in a sadly dilapidated condition, but the
old maid was game as ever. She soon discovered her
nephew's joke, and———— -
P. S.-——They bad Tommy's funeral next day. The
ﬁiscription on his tombstone reads: “Tommy-Dide of
gue." ‘

 

One~on the Magistrate.
(By Wheeler McKenna, Pennsylvania.)

It’s quite as hard as ever to get ahead of Pat. This
was proved the other day during a trial in an English-
court rooin,'an Irish witness being examined as to his
knowledge of a shooting affair. '  A,
- i‘ ‘ Did, you see the ,sho__t tired ?'.’ the magistrate sired-

.      ~  J 

  

  
     
  
 

    
  

 30

_ _ “That evidence is not satisfactory,” replied the

«g5 magistrate, sternly. “Stand down!”

" The witness proceeded to leave the box, and directly
his back was turned he laughed derisively. The magis-
trate, indignant at the contempt of court, called him
back, and asked him how he dared to laugh in court.

“Did ye see me laugh, your honor?” queried the
offender.

“No, air; but I heard you,” was the irate answer.

‘ ‘That evidence is not satisfactory," said Pat, quietly,
but with a twinkle in his eye.

And this time everybody laughed—even the magis-
trate.

 

David Harum’s Trade.
(By C. Hoffrnap, Pennsylvania.)

The gentleman known as David. Harum stopped the

deacon on the road.
. - “Deacon,” said David, “I’ll give you a dollar and
’ V my sorrel mare fer that black colt you're drivin'.”
- "Done," said the deacon. The horses were unhitched,
and soon David sat behind the black colt and the deacon
_Jwas'in ion of David's sorrel.

“Where's the dollar, David?" he asked.

“I paid you,” answered David. “Didn’t I give you
four quarters?’ ’ =

“ When?" asked the deacon.

“Why, ain’t there four quarters in the hoss?” asked
David. ,

The deacon shook his fist furiously and ‘muttered
something that sounded like, “I’ll have the law on ye
fer this, Dave I-larurn,” but David only grinned good-
naturedly and drove on.

I Sister-’s Little Brother.
(By Robert Stafford, Chicago, Ill.)

 l ‘ ‘Sis will be down in a minute,” said her little brother.
7'.; . “I'm so glad!" replied Mr. De Trop. “She was not
i at home the ﬁrst time I called.”

‘ ‘ Oh, yes, she was, but she wouldn't come down.”
“How do you know she'll come down this time?”
“ 'CauseI told her it was another fellow.”

 

A Big Trade in Salt Water.
(By W. D. Griﬁn. Georgia.)

Once noon a time there lived in Chicago an old,
ignorant iarrner,,who was subject to bad cases of rheu-
. rnatism. He went to a doctor one day for treatment.

_The doctor told him to take salt water baths. Now, as
there was no salt" water around, he started for New
’ ..York, «with a ten-gallon can. Arriving at New York, he
went to 9, hotel and registered.

 After staying a day in New York and seeing the
" ﬁghts, hewent to Coney Island. He went out on the
-hsachnndpras luck would have it, the tide was full. Out
 he  a sport looking. at the sea as if he

   

  
    
  

 
  
 
  
  
  

ng  man, goesup to him

 
    
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

thought that he would have some fun with him, so he
replied:

“I do. What can I do for you ?”

The farmer replied: '

“I wants ten gallons of this salt water.”

The sport told him to help himself. The farmer got
his water and went back home, where he washed in his;
salt water every day. By and by it gave out, so he goes
back to New York for some more of it. He goes back
down to Coney Island, and, as luck would have it,
there stood the same sport. Everything looked the
same as it did before, except that the tide was out. The
old farmer looked ﬁrst at the sea and then at the sport.

Finally, walking up to the sport, he said:

“By gum, mister, you have sold a heap of water since
I was here.”

How the Lawyer Got Fooled.
(By Cleon Lloyd, New Hampshire.)

Bill Smith, who was arrested for stealing ahorse,
went to see a lawyer about it. The lawyer told him that
he could ﬁx that all right. He said:

“When you go into court you just say ‘bah!’ to

. every question they ask you."

So he did just as he was directed, and the judge
called him foolish and let him go. Next day the law-
yer went after his pay, but when he asked him for it the
fellow just said “bah!” and the lawyer could not‘ get
his pay.

His First Bath.
(By Joseph Greeuan, Buffalo, N. Y.)

Two Hebrews were strolling along the creek the other
day, when they decided to take a bath. On beholding
each other in the water one shouted: ’

-"Oh, Abey, how dirty you are!”

“Vell,” answered Abey, “I am three years older than
you. no wonder!"

PUZZLE DEPARTMENT.

Answers to Last Week's Puzzles. _
No. 1.—— The bridge of one’s nose.

No. 2.——I understand you undertook to overthrow
my undertaking.

 
 

No.3.——- ‘NT S
 NO MAN
NONES MAGIC
NONPLUSAGITAL
TELLS NITER
SUS . CAR
S L
tMUG CAB
MONAD CA,T_ER
SUNDIALATERAL
‘G,AIL¥ BERRY.
—*’D_A,Y . ,l1,A,¥ -
' Le

  munications to the “Stamp and Coin Department.”

Stories About Stamps.

 

° r “Some years ago a well-known collector got wind of a
whole pillowcase full of real old rarities that might be
had for the cheek of asking. Now, an enthusiasic stamp
' collector knows no bounds when a bona ﬁde rarity may
be had cheap, and when it may be had for the asking
(jhe does not stand upon ceremony. _

’ ' The possessor of the pillowcase of desxrables was quite
iniiknowu to the collector, and the news of the treasure_
écame to him quite accidentally.

’ Said it ~friend to him one day, “I say, old chappie,

. "y'ou’re amicted still in the stamp direction, are you
W?" '

 
  
 
 

W. ,,-,?‘Ra_ther,” was the emphatic reply. "What of that?”

“ 5_'_‘‘well, my sister is staying with.an old lady who,

 over eighty years of age, has conceived. the idea
it"

 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
       
 
  
 
 

t is time for her to put her house in order in readi-
oneiaslor her anticipated departure to a better country,
 Fan is helping her to go through her papers.
.. Among the papers that turned up in the sorting over
i was atpillowease stuﬁed with old stamps. She told Fan
‘ 3.-_hu.I',n'the lot, as they were of no use, but Fan thought
, J  a pity to destroy them, as they might do to amuse
, her little nieces. So the pillowcase has been put aside
,   time, and Fan talks of bringing it home for the

 The .old lady's sons were among the ﬁrst settlers
Sydney, and, as she had a habit of cutting off the
 pp "from all her letters, and as her sons. were her
‘i bmtespondeuts, it occurred to me that you might
kei_f.tq have-av look through the ’lot and pick out some

' . first settlers in Sydney! ‘Great Scott! My boy,
 be scores of Sydney Views in the lot.”

‘  ”*?Sydney‘_Views? No, there are no pictures; only old

* ’ stamps.” « ‘

'iI&’t pictures of Sydney., What we call
lens’ are the rare ﬁrst stamps. issued by New
_ n -

 
  

,  I I expect there is scarcely anything else
i cw South Wales stamps, if they are of any

 <»..g,+..i... fellow! They may be we 1: sm-
 ;  us have them up at the earl mo-

‘ﬁre discussed, shares were arranged
. ladyfriend returning from,
ﬁod w tobevasked to call and

'‘ armed; tﬁaégfq.

 
    

 . Each week, in this department, you will find special articles about stamps a1..i coins. We also give an op or-
_:  tunity to our readers to make exchanges of _co1ns, as well as Stamps, through this department free of cost, andp
will answer, in a special column, any questions our readers would like to ask on these subjects. Address all com-

Stampand Coin Department.

 

“'6

lady friend was commissioned to call for the parcel. In
due time it arrived in London, and was met at the
terminus and carried home in a state of great excite-
ment. There were visions of months of sales, of gold in
plenty, and of many a quiet spree together.

When that valuable parcel was opened and spread out
on the ﬂoor, thousands of stamps were disclosed to view,
but every stamp there was of the commonest red penny
English persuasion! There was not a foreign or colonial
stamp of any sort in the whole lot! The collector and
his friend were a day after the fair. Someone else had
picked over the pillowcase and annexed the Sydney
Views.

CORRESPONDENCE.

C. N.—A good half cent of r8oo is worth 50 cents.

O. I.—-Au 1858 half dime, unless ﬁne, hardly com-
mands a premium. ,

E. N.-A ﬁne 3 cent piece of 1853 sells at 15 cents.
See answer to James Marsh.

S. P.—An X852 dime and 1830 cent, if in good condi- -

tion, are worth 15 cents each.

M. D.——The cent of 1816. unless good, is worth only
face value; 2,820,982 were issued.

0. D.-Only the eagle cent of 1856 commands a
premium. The 1857 and 1858 are common.

S. B.-The catalogue value of your stamps postally
used is $3.65. They sell at about 50 per cent discount
from catalogue. .

W. N.—-The Paris Exposition “stamps” are not
stamps at all, but merely labels, and have absolutely no
value from a philatelic standpoint.

R. F.—Nearly all of the 1898 revenues have been
found “part perforate," and a few values have been
found imperforate. In unsevered pairs or blocks they
should bring quite a premium over face.

D. E.——All of the stamps you mention are very com-
mon with the exception of the 2-cent blue playing cgrds,
which is catalogued at 25 cents. and the x 1-4 Fletcher
& Marchand, which are worth about 5 cents apiece.

B. E. L.—The 8 pence yellow New South Wales is
worth about 30 cents. This stamp is watermarked a
crown and “N. S. W." and must not be confused with‘

  

‘ 3,. the, 8 pence orange of the same design, which is found?’
. _. ..*!?A2??!termark=.d‘ °t._,.wa.t«:rtIiar.l=.e&1 .. "8.’;'. and its much

\ .

   

  

    
   

NEW PRIZE CONTEST.
“It is to Laugh!”

What is the funniest story you ever heard, boys? What’s the
latest joke? Do you know any good ones? If you do, here is a
chance for you to win some dandy prizes.

We are going to give away these Prizes to the boys who
lend us the Funniest Stories or the Best Jokes.

The Three Boy: Who Send Us the Funniest Stories

will each receive a ﬂrst-class, up-to-date Banjo. These banjos
are beautiful instruments and are warranted in every particu-
lar. They have 11-inch calf heads, walnut necks, and veneered
ﬁnger boards, with celluloid inlaid position dots, raised frets,
twenty-four nickel brackets and wired edge. These instru-
ments can be easily mastered, and every boy should jump at
the opportunity to win one.

The Five Boys Who Send Us the Next Funniest Stories

will each receive a complete Magic Trick Outﬁt, including
the Mngician’s Mill, the Columbus Egg, the Enchanted Money
Box, the Magician's Whip, the Enchanted Rose, the Ghostly
Finger, the Magic Box, the Great Transformer, the Phantom
Ring, the Magic Dice, and the Fire Eater. Besides all the
magic tricks, the outﬁt includes a private instruction book
for the use of the operator.

The Ten Boys Who Send Us the Next Funniest Stories

will each receive a pair of heavy Military Regulation Leg-
gings, just the thing for winter wear while coasting, or skat-
ing, or for tramping the snow. Warm and durable. Made of
extra heavy brown canvas, with tour straps.

Send in your stories at once, boys. All the best ones will be
published on another page, Watch for them! Some of the
funniest stories, jolliest jokes and side-splitting grinds ever
heard are going to appear there.

This contest will close February I. Remember, whether
your story wins a prize or not, it stands a good chance of being
published, together with your name.

To become a contestant for these prizes, you must cut out
the Prize Contest Coupon, printed herewith; ﬁll it out prop-
erly, and mail it to Ntcx Canrsn Wuaxmr, care of Street 8:
Smith, 238 William $t., New York City, together with your
story. No story will be considered that does not have this
coupon accompanying it.

COUPON

max CAKIER WEEKLY PRIZE CONTEST.

. 
 OOIuovue'IIIIIOIUlIUOlOIIIlICIIIIOIOOQI

 TOWH.;...mun‘.........-.....-.o...

Solid Gold Watches

ABSOLUTELY

GIVEN AWAY!

BY BOYS OF AMERICA.

Not Rolled Gold Watches,
Not Gold ‘Filled Watches,

Absolutelisolia Gohwatcnes.

see ANNOUNCEMENT IN

BOYS OF AMERICA

A Book That Young Men May Read
With Profit.

WOH|fN’§ silﬁs

   

How to be Beautiful

PRICE. 10 CENTS.

Read the list of some of the xulrjecrr treated .-

Typ f B t -H lth Essential to Beau:Y—E‘°"°l5°’F°°5i’
Iggaig. anclaguegire F<;l<1s—Muscle-Maki_nF Foods-Ijiz-at Producing
l’oods—Ventilation-—Sleep—Clothing zeneral Hints on Dress-
Fabrics and Colors—l-iints AboutJewelt_v—The Skin.

Standard Recipes——For Sunburn and Freckles-—For Blotches and
‘Pimp1es-Moth Patches and Moles—Face Powders and Rouges—

-1-,,,L’;§’,”.‘§Ti'~§:d:~:R¢.E,‘.§1;’3i~:.e LiI»s—'rhe Breath—The 'l‘ceth—-—’l‘o De.‘

Thgellizaxli’-F-I-1li'.g:tl)n:ndrxtl-5-Pnmades—-To Keep the Hair in Curl.

The Care of Hand»-Beauty Paste—Camphor_lce.

The Feet—For Corns—-For Bunions--For Moist Feet-In§f°Wi1'I8

. Nails. .

_ ' h—Es 2 £31 an 1-: 2 on~—Lov0s

natttll1!en%}r§a%wB'e:i\‘1‘t.ci 33133:? and leixiaginagye Be8::i:3S‘-HOW to
Grow Old Grace£ully—Beautitul Maternity.

The Woman of the Future.
The Perfect Man and Womsn—Man—Woman.

Parukbyluleuudnhu. uoruonuymattallh-r,¢IIb

Unawa-
STREET I SMITH, Publishers, 280 Illlitl Hid, I. Y.

  

 I Nick Carter Weekly, Large Sire

The Best Detective Stories in the World

No

228.
229.
230. .
231.
232. .
233.
234.
235.
T  236.

.s_ 237.
238.
239.
240.
24:.
242.
243.
244.
245.
246.

248.
249.

251.
252.
2 253.
 Si 254.
"'1 T . 255-
256.

.Nick Carter in Harness Again ; or, At Odds of Five to Two
.Nick Carter's Time Lock Puzzle ; or, The Mystery Five's Big Haul

Nick Carter's Unknown Foe ; or, A Bold Game of Blackmail

.Trapped by a Hypnotist ; or, Nick Carter on the Track of a Swell Abductor

Nick Carter in the Air ; or, The Perils ofa Female Gymnast

.Nick Carter in the'Witness Chair ; or, A Surprise for a Shyster Lawyer
.Nick Carter's Night Off; or, Hot Work with a Volunteer Assistant
.Nick Carter Against a Rival ; or, A Chase After Document;

.Nick Carter's Midnight Rescue ; or, A Rascally Millionaire

.Nick Carter in a Fog ; or, The Strange Flight of a Bridegroom

.Nick Carter's Mysterious Neighbor ; or, The Occupant of the Third-Floor Flat
.The Rolling Mill Tragedy; or, Nick Carter's Hunt to Death

.Nick Carter's Queer Burglary Case ; or, A Thief Robs a Thief

.Nick Carter Downs a Do,(:tor'and Destroys a Prescription

.Nick Carter Accused of Murder ; or, identiﬁed by a Nose

.Nick Carter's Water Trail ; or, The Strange Hiding Place ofa Millionaire
.Nick Carter's Dynamite Fiend ; or, The Unraveling of False Clues
.Nick Carter's Child Rescue ; or, The Defeat of a Desperate Villain

.Nick Carter on the Raceeourse ; or, Crooked Work in the Paddock

. .Nick Carter's Black Clue ; or, Heard in the Dark

(SERIES) NICK CAT2’I‘ER’S ADVENTURES

.Chapters I to 12 describe Nick Carter's Strange Vacation
.Chapters 13 to 26 describe Nick Carter Investigating a Leak

. .Chapters 27 to 37 describe Nick Carter‘s Double Clue

.Chapters 38 to 47 describe Nick Carter and “The Brown Robin”
.Chapters 48 to 55 describe Nick Carter Tracking a Traitor
.Chapters 56 to 64 describe Nick Carter’s Tunnel Mystery
.Chapters 65 to 74 describe Nick Carter’s Queer Murder Case
.Chapters 75 to 83 describe Nick Carter Challenged

.Chapters 84 to 9 3 describe Nick Carter and Arizona Jake

to;

D‘ t ~  numbers always

a copy will bring them to you by  postpaid

on hand. If you -cannot get them from your newsdealer, FIVE CENT

 

