BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No, 984     ‘_ Price 8 Cents

   

 
 
  

_r,-1:-_~,_ ,, ,_..._ ».-.—_. 
' - our

 

    

\

 
 

{g,°0m$um£B [P®D_r!‘\3UE$§

IJR,THE |_|.|l3K|EST BDYINWALLSTREET, 
 ‘ *7’ % . /7/’7""’r' 

The scream came from the omce of Colts: Co. Fred ﬂung open the door. and new 8 man in 5 5:1.-
hat Dressing his hand over Daisy’: mouth. to stiﬂe her cries. It wt: evident»
that there was foul play going on.

     

Are You A Radio Fan? Readif
» FAME AND F0RTUN*‘Zj'4%fjHd:,.,,

lined weekly—Snbscr!ption price, 84.00 per year; Caiiaula, $4.50; Foreign. 85.

Entered in Second-Class Hattéi-I?
the Pelt-Oﬂlee at New york. N. Y .. under the Act of In

NEW YORK, AUGUST 8,

Weltlad street, New York, N. Y.
O»

No. 984

   

I

      
  
  

1924

CHASING Po1NTEﬁ§:%"°

 

on, THE LUCKIEST nor IN WALL STREET

By A SELF-MADE MAN

his , CHAPTER I.——I-Ionesty Is the Best Policy.

Two messenger boys, one tall and lanky, the

 other short and compact, popped out of‘ one of

theielevators when it came to a stop at the sixth
ﬂoor of the Mills Buildinghone morning at about

ten o'clock, and made a simultaneous run down

the empty/corridor. The tall boy was known as

_ Owen Murphy. the short lad as Fred Ticknor.
 ' ‘Both were employed by neighboring brokers in
“ a Wall Street ofﬂce building-——the former by
~f,Spencer & Sysonby, the latter by Colt & Co.
Both boys saw a ﬂat, dark-brown object lying in
their path, and each. i-ecognizing that it was a
pocketbook, made a quick grab for it. Tricknor
got it and straightened up with a triumphant

  
 
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
 

‘ “Halves!” demanded Murphy, with a greedy,
disappointed look. a

‘ .~. “Not on your life. Murphy.” replied Fred. “It’s
not ours todivide. Somebody lost his wallet, and
if I can ﬁnd out who it belongs to I’m going to
~ return it to him."

. “How are you goin’ to do it when you don’t

know who it belongs to ?"

,_ 7 “Here's the owner's name—Georg‘ Bates-
_ stamped in gilt letters on the flap.”

.. “S’nose it is '.’ How are yourgoin’ to find him ?"
“I'll open it and see if I can ﬁnd the owner's
address," said. Fred. suiting the. action to the
«yard, much to his companion’s satisfacti . '

“Not a cent.” chuckled Murphy, as the main
liompartment of the wallet revealed merely a
V of papers and newspaper clippings. “Did
I: you ever get left in your life‘! Ho, ho, ho!” «
 CA3 Fred op up an inner pocket, however,
there were di ayed half a dozen $500 bills, to-
, _ with the business card of‘ a broker on
~ ﬂoor of the building.

2. .‘,'Did you ever get left yourself, Owen Mur-
._?;)3iy?' laughed Fred, as he exhibited the bills
Toad took out the card. .

Km-phy stopped grinning and gazed hungrily

 

« .. eomeynow, Fred Ticknor. you're not goin’
 a champ as to hunt up the owner of
money.’ gremonstrated Spence; & SyBonby’s

.' “Rich must he_two or three thousand
 Give inetw of them billsand I'll

,_€g'

1

DEV?!‘ S§Y a word about you ﬁndin’ the wallet.
All you ve Rot to do_ is -to take out them bills
and throw the .book inst as it is ‘down the ﬁrst
sewer hole you" come to on" your way back to
your oﬁice.” _ ' ’ ‘ _ ’

“Say. Murphv. Whﬁt-do you take me f0l"?_",
asked_Fred, indignantlyf . A .,

“I take you for a fool if you don’t do as I
say.” \ ‘ _ .
“Well, Pm not going: to do as you say. Here’s
the card of a broker on his ﬂoor. I mean to get
the address of Mr. George Bates from him or
turn the wallet over to him to be return to '
its owner.” r

“D0 you mean that?" asked Murphy, with a
look of disgust.

“_I do, and if you wait around here until Pve
delivered my” message to Gage & Moran you’ll
599 me do It. §'eDl{ed_ Fred, decitledly, closing the v
wallet and putting it into ‘his pocket.

.“You’ll never get a chance like this again,
Tickrior." said Murphy discontentedly. “A feller '
that ll let a streak of luck like this get away from
him dont deserve nqthiri’. I don't wonder that
{E13, and your folks is hard up. You ouirht to

“LOOK here» Murphy. you ought to be ashamed of
yourself to talk that way. You know that if I
took this money, whether I divided it with you ~
or not. it would be just the same as stealing it, .
when I’ve got a plain clue to ﬁnd the owner."

“Oh, rats! A man that can afford to carry
$500 bills around in his pocket can afford to lose
gem. We need ’e_m a blamed sight more than he

oes.” ' .
“You'd have kept the money, then, I suppose ?” ,
answered Fred. ' " ‘V ’

Id kept one of the bills. at any rate, for my
Etrguble 1!! trying to find the owner. lt’s worth ' ii
i . - = 6;
. “Run on and deliver your message,” said Fred. _
8b!'l1Dt1.V- “l’m'~goin2' in here.” 

He opened the outer door of Gage & Moran’: i ‘
ofﬁce and‘ admitted himself into the reception» 
room. The oﬁlce boy. who knew him, said Mr, 5.
Gaze was busy and couldn't be    “

‘Well,’ you can take this envelope in to hint,

the1e’s

ctn’t you. and let me know wheﬁiez
answer-If’ v p 2 i , ‘

 

   
   
    
    

1

    

 
      

    

“Sure I can.” replied the boy. “Take a seat
till I come back.”

Fred Ticknor was the son of a poor widow.
He had a twin sister’ named Bessie. who worked
for Mandellraum & Co.. on the fourth ﬂoor of a
big building on Broadway. The brother and sis-
ter supported their mother. who made their
humble home a little haven of comfort for them.
Mrs. Ticknor. who had been brought up in com-

’ fort and even luxury. had sacriﬁced her prospects

" and estranged herself from her family by marry-
’ ing a poor but talented artist.

- ’ After a ten. years,’ ﬁght for recognition, hei

husband died suddenly on the eve of success. and ,

since then the little widow had had a hard
struggle to bring up her two children and make

. both ends meet. She managed to keep them at

I the public school until both graduated. and then
Fred secured a position as a Wall Street messen-
ger, while Bessie got work in a skirt factory, and
their united wages made life somewhat easier
for their mother-

There was no answer to the note Fred brought

‘ to Gage & Moran. so he walked down the corridor
to_ Alfred Byron's oﬁice, which was the name
on the card in the wallet. He asked for Mr.
Byron and was admitted to the private oﬂice. _

“Well.” said the broker. wheeling around in his
chair. what can I do for you '.'?’

“Do you know a man by the name of George
Bates ?"”asked Fred.

“Did he call on'you this morning ‘.”‘

“He was here about half an hour ago. What
is the purport of your questions. young man?"
asked Mr. Byron. regarding his young visitor
sharply. .

“The fact of the matter is. I found

.. Here he -was interrupted by the sudden and
_ unannounced entrance of a tall, good-looking man
of perhaps forty. years of age. who seemed to

I be much excited.
zy’ ' “I beg your pardon. Mr. Byron. but I have
 lost my pocketbook. I thought perhaps I dropped
it in your private room when I took out my
 handkerchief.” - _
‘ “I have not seen it, Mr. Bates. You might
V 1001: around on the carpet. BY the way, here is a

I boy who has been inquiring about you."

_ ' “About me 1'” asked the visitor. regarding Fred
A,“ ‘hiauiringly. '
"‘ ,, 6 “Yes, sir, if your name is George Bates."

I‘ ' “’!'hat’s my name." . _ _

. “Then I guess this is your wallet. isn't it?."
‘ﬂaked the'bo.V'. taking the article from his Docket.
~ ‘ ‘Why. yes.” replied the ‘gentleman. in an _im-

‘omensely relieved tone. “Where did you ﬁnd it?"

~ “In the ocrridor not far from the elevators.
About ﬁfteen minutes ago.” _ _

~ “And you came in here to return it. did you?”
‘ .“Yes, sir.‘ I opened it to see if I could ﬁnd

 came in to find out if he knew you."
"1 an very much oblilred to you. my lad. You
a an honest boy’. evidently. for you could not
seeing that there were several ﬁve-hundrod-
bills in the wallet.” I .
~_ 35:! ﬂ|%m'. sir.”
 '- rs: some
‘ "’ "‘ ~  destr ‘ed _ etbook
Pld_ ‘rho’  in this wallet are

' n

 
  

  
  

 

.r

 

address, and I discovered Mr. Byron's card.’

boys would have appropriated I-

   

arr-t   “F ‘**~°'a I "*3

CHASING POINTERS

thousand dollars.' You have done me a vziluable
service. and it will give me a great deal of
pleasure to present you with one of these ﬁve-
hu_ndred-dollar bills. You have fairly earned it."
said Mr. Bates, holding the money out to him.

Fred looked at it with longing eyes. but made
no effort to take it. _

“I did not bring your wallet back in expecta-
tion of receiving a reward. sir." he said. “Of
course, if you choose to give me something I shall
accept it with thanks; but five hundred dollars—
I have no right to take as much as that from
you.” i ’

Mr. Bates seemed to be pleased with Fred's
attitude in the matter.

“You seem to be an uncommon boy.” he re-
plied. “In my opinion you clearly deserve a re-
.ward commensurate with the value of the service
you have rendered me. I beg you will accept
the bill——I can easily ‘afford to give it to you."

Fred took it with some hesitation.

“I am very much obliged to you. sir.
liberality is unusual.”

“I think the circumstances are suﬂiciently un-
usual to warrant its my lad. What do you think.
Mr. Byron?”

“I agree with you. Mr. Bates. I think you
are uncommonly lucky to get your property back
intact. I believe in encouraging honesty when
you come. across it. if only on account of its
rarity under the ﬁre of temptation." ' ’

“What is your name. my boy?" asked Mr.
Bates.

“Fred Ticknor.”

“You are employed in this neighborhood. I pre—'
sume?" ‘

“I am working as office boy and messenger for
Colt & Co., stock brokers, No. — Wall Street.”

“Well, I rather think I should like to keep
track of a boy of your caliber. Here is my card.
Call on me some time when you have leisure. I
may be able to do something for you.” .

“Thank you. sir: I will.”

You r

“Well.” he said to himself, as he walked along.’ 

 

‘the corridor toward the elevators, “I think this is ‘ "

proof that honesty is the best policy. after all-
at any rate. it's my policy, and I mean never

to go back on it."‘ t

0

CHAPTER II.—Tl're
~ ‘ Mr. Colt.

“It took you a long time to deliverthat note
to Gage & Moran. Ticknor." said Mr. Colt, when
Fred returned to the office and told his employer
that he had brought back no answer. “Was there

a ﬁre in Broad Street‘! or perhaps you stopped to .

have a hair-cut and shampoo ?” sarcastically.
“No, ‘sir; nothing _of. that kind. . V

pocketbook in the Mills Building, and I lost;

little time in handing it back to the owner.’

“What was in the pocketbook 2" asked Mr. Colt_;_ '

r

sharply.

“There were some papers. sir. and three thou-__'

sand dollars in bills.” -

“Three thousand —do‘Ilars in bills?"
broker. looking at his oﬂlee boy as if
a new species of animal. “And

tolthe ow'_nei-2'? __ ,. 1
 'l’hat=was l'IKll_’tu“Sh'e-WI3't,“_1’v’  ‘

». F

 

you  Wat

Unexpected Liberality of.‘

 

   
  

    
   
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
    
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
    
     
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
 
 
 

‘§

I ~’ “Di course it was right, but———’’ He stopped
 and lookedhard at the boy. “Who was the man
 lost 'it‘."’ he asked suddenly.
. “Hisnaines was George Bates.
his card. Here_ it is.” -
V, . ' “'l‘hat’s one of -the biggest outside operators in
. the Street. Did he give you anything ?”
~ . “He gave me ﬁve hundred dollars. sir.”

“Well, I’m glad to ﬁnd I have such an honest

y in my employ." said Mr. Colt, s donically.

_ ,-“I thought you always consideret me honest,
. sir,” replied Fred, feeling a bit depressed by
his employer’s manner.

‘Well, there are degrees of honesty, young
man.
that is, I never would -have suspected you guilty
I of theft without some good evidence. But when
' a boy of your age ﬁnds a pocketbook with money
‘in it the temptation is usually irresistible to keen
~ it and say nothing about it." .

1 “My mother taught me differently, sir. I don’t
think it pays to keep what doesn’t belong to you
f unless you ﬁnd it impossible to discover the

owner.”

‘Humph! We won't discuss the matter. You
,nre_rathcr out of the ordinary. I think I will
- ‘raise your wages two dollars a .week on the
strength, of your beinz a. kind of Dhenomenon."

‘’ ' ted Mr. Colt.

He gave me

_ “Take these papers to Miss
an for her to copy. On the way you can hand
that to the cashier.” o. ~ . r

- “That” was an order to the cashier to raise
Fred's wages from, six dollars to eight dollars.
, Fred thanked «him for the raise and left the
_ private oﬂice. ' "
’ .“\Viiat’s this '.”’ asked the cashier, glancing over
Mr. Colt’s penciled memoranda. “A two-dollar
,;nise.’eh? _ Did you have the nerve to beard him
‘ his den for that in the condition he is in this
morning?" said the man in astonishment.

I “I didn’t ask him for it.” replied Fred. “He
"handed it out voluntarily."
_.“He did!” almost gasped the cashier. i“Well.

Pie been with him six years, and I never" knew
« liixmto do that before." .
._ “There's always a first time with everything.”
  Fred, passing on to the stenographer’s
swan‘.
Miss Daisy Dean. who attended to Mr. Colt’s
jpondence and‘ such other matters as he had
‘i5to'do', was ‘not exclusively employed by him,
“ﬁouirh. her office ‘opened out of his counting-
a«. room, There was another door to her office open-
, on to the corridor. and the glass part of it
Vote the legend, “Miss Dean, Public Stenc-
. her." .. , ’
 fse I'm as welcome as the ﬂowers in
"’muhkled.F'red. as he walked into Daisy’s
"lot I'M" brought a batch of work for

You're always welconie.’Fred.” replied the
 ‘lady, sweetly, fwhether you -bring work

 
  
    
   

said that very nicelyr Miss Dean." grinned
, ‘This seems to be my lucky day."
‘.  Have you been‘ igxusually fortunate

   
   

‘*'."“- ‘” if lasagna: urine, ‘too
,}_i;\,,» _ CV  2x’ 5 '. __M '
 ﬁimlwamz.

  

I expected you were like the average run-—‘

‘ you.”

 

CHASING‘ POINTERS _ 3

where I carried a note to the office of Gage &
Moran.”

Miss Dean looked interested. g

“I hadn't more than stepped out of the elevator \
on the sixth ﬂoor when I ran against a pocket-
book."

“You picked it up, I suppose'.”’,

“Well, say, I'm not passing suEh things by.”

"Was there any money in it ?"

“Three thousand dollars.”

“My goodness! And what did you do with it?"

“Returned it to the owner, and he presented me
with five hundred dollars for my trouble.”

“Is it possible! You were lucky."

v "When I told Mr. Colt about ﬁnding and re-
turning the wallet he was so surprised to think
that any bov would return a pocketbook with
money in it that he raised me twodollars on the
spot. He almost took my breath away, but I had
enough left to thank him for his muniﬁcence.”«

“Muniﬁcence is good, Fred. Been consulting-a
dictionary lately?” laughed Miss Dean.

' “No, but I think the word applies to my case.
for it was a big boost’for Mr. Colt to indulge
in, especially when you consider the grouch he
had on this morning. When the clerks hear of it
they'll have asﬁt."

Daisy laughed heartily at the comical way the
young messenger put it, and then. one of her
customers coming in at the moment. Fred left
and returned to the counting-room. where he took
his customary. seat. ready to attend to callers
10; to go out on another errand, as the case might

“Well,” said Murphy. suspiciously. when the
boys met again that afternoon, “did you turn
that pocketbook in to the owner, as you said you
we_re\goinz to do '2" ’

fl did._" And he told Murphy the circumstances.
withholding the fact that he had received a five-
hundred-dollar bill for his honesty. for he knew . -
well enough the other would insist that he ought .
to divide the money between them. and he could
not see what right Murphy had to any of it.

“What did he give you?”

“You mean the owner of the wallet?”

"That's who I mean.”

“You’ll.have to ask him. for I'll never tell

 

_ “Why don't you?" demanded Murphy, aggres‘-I
sive Y. - : '
“Because I'm not telling everythingrl know. ~ “
It's poor policy." '
“Murphy turned his back on Fred and walked
0 . .

\
v

CIIAPTER lII.—Fred’s rim Transaction On one I
’ . Market. . . '

 

Before Mr.._Colt'left_for home that .n.m.;m_ ‘I
every clerk in thecouuting-room had heard about,’
the messenger's boy's ‘ ofwages. - V ‘

“You're the luckiest boy in Wall Streeti"" 
Duncan. the fnaﬂzin clerk. to Fred, whom 
stopped on his way to the washroom. ;  ._
“I was pretty lucky to-day; at any rage,” replied ‘V
thilroy. ,W1tll‘I'l!“l!Ié‘  M » “Y  ,,.;

.. quarternast ‘van. was or I ‘
and.bofoic going, home he ukedéthc cashier}; ‘
chance his ﬁn-hundud-dnnarehlhtforiivc 
hundred ones. v ;  the , In

  
      
 

       

     

     
   

 z ‘I CHASING

   

envelope. sealed it and put his name on it, then
_ asked the cashier to keep it in the safe for him.
 The other hundred he put his pocket to surprise
.3. his mother with.’ .

. “I made some extra money to-day, mother,"
he said, at the suppertable.

“How did you make it, Fred ?" asked his
sister. .. -
 Then he told the story of the ﬁnding and re-
 storation of the pocketbook.

“And you actually received five hundred dol-
lars?" said his sister, opening her eyes in as-
tonishment. , -

“Yes, and here is one hundred ‘of it, mother,
which I make you a present of : the balance is in
an envelope in the oﬁice safe.” .

He tossed his mother the bill.

 

 

. claimed, looking at the bill in a kind of wonder,
for it had been many a long day since she had
seen or handled a bill of so large a demomina-
tion.

_“Sure it’s for you. Who has a better right
to it‘! You can buy yourself a new dress. and a
new hat, and lotsdof other things that you need.

3 Don't be stingy with yourself. mother, for there's
more ‘where that came from."

Next morning when Fred got to the oﬁice—
which he always did ahead of the other em-
ployees——he sat down in his chair and began
to read the previous day's quotations, together

' with other matters connected with the ﬁnancial
world. This morning he noticed a paragraph re.»

- fer:-ing to the upward spurt of a stock called

/ ‘-J. & D.. which had advanced four points since the

g previous Monday. The paper said there was a

rumor aﬂoat that,a syndicate had been formed to

3 boom these shares, but it could not be .veriﬁed.

When Duncan, the margin clerk. came in, Fred

asked him what he thought was the cause of the

rise in J. & D. shares. -~ .

' “I couldn't tell you.” replied Duncan. “It may

befa real boom. or it may only be a temporary

A boost that will peter out to-day. or to-inorrow. or

i the next day. Only the persons on the inside have

any accurate knowledge on the subJect._"
f"l‘lie market is rather a dangerous thing for an

outsider. to monkey with. don't you think. Mr.

  
    
  

.,Duncan'!" _
‘Dangerous! It's as ri_sky— as handling a dy-
, namite bomb. I usually advise friends of mine

V» " to keep out of it, unless they have a good pointer.”
“A good pointer is hard to get,  guess.” .
“Well, rather. People are chasing them up

, — and down ’Wall Street every day. but they're

-'  V ; about as easy to lay hold of as _a greasedpig.” '

V ‘Did you ever catch one?” grinned Fred-
 “Several. I made a small wad on two of them.
butthe third pointed to the poorheuse. for I

flanded in the soup.”
‘ Duncan went to work, while Fred pondered

 Tovor the‘ truthfulness of his remarks. Later on

.. 1 "h'ehe'ard a couple of Mr. oltfs customers talking
- about the probability of boom m_J. & D
_- tau!  Fred .was sent with a message to a
.15:-one at the Exchange. and While passing in at
gjlig New ﬁtreet entrance heoverheard a bunch of
327?.-‘dioilenxers tallcinirabout the }same stogk.
‘.¢A..'gqodf' inany people seem to ave ...'
. ‘ ’ " buts ﬁiis:-= ‘l'n_!.n¢‘.'-' he mused. “Id like
-_§_; page pointer on

i

         
      

“What, all this for me!" the littlewoman ex- _

DI.
the 35.. get around 'ur_t1fie   _Naesan.street.._‘; 1:,

POINTERSS S ' it 

ject, now that I have a few dollars in the office
safe. I might be able to double my wad."

.He looked at the tape-when he got back to the
oﬁice and found there had been quite a number of
sales of J. &. D. shares. and that it had gone up
another point.

“It was 68 Saturday morning,” he said to him-
self; “it is now 73. Somebody will make money it
out of it." 3'

When he went on an errand shortly afterward
he met a messenger he knew, and they stopped to ’
have a chat.‘ . '

“I wish I had a hundred cases.”

“What for? asked Fred. 0‘

“I’d put it upon J, & D. shares." ' .

“How do you know your tip is any good 7'‘

“I heard my boss tell an old customer to buy
J. & D. He said it wasgood for a ten—point rise.

He wouldn't have told him that unless he was
pretty certain -of the matter. If I had a hundred _
dollars I’d risk it on the strength of that. and ~‘
I’d be willing to bet fifty dollars more, if I had 
it, that I’d win a hundred dollars."

Fred, whose mind was now full of the pros-
pects of J. & D., thought this pointer so good
that he decided to take the risk of buying ﬁfty
shares. _He got the envelope containing his money ..
and, going around to a little bank in Nassau r
street that made a specialty of doing business on -' 
the market _for small investors, put up three hun-
dred and sixty-ﬁve dollars on a ten per cent.’_. Q:
margin at the market price of- 73. It was his :

’ first speculation, though he felt somewhat relieve-l
when the market closed to find that J. & D. had
advanced to 75. That evening he told his sister
in the strictest conﬁdence that he had risked the .
bulk of his four hundred dollars on fifty shares, 
of J’. & D. stock. . ~ - .

Next morning J. & D. shares were in greater .«
demand than at any time since the boom started.. 
and by noon the stock had advanced-to 78. Fred ,
was waiting for an answer to a note in a Broad-  '
way office when he saw this quotation on the
ticker, and it made him feel good.

v “I guess it will go to 80, all right." he said to-,,,%:
himself. “White's pointer was a pretty Iroodfvj-.<
one.” . ‘ “-

Fred was fully determined to sell out when .
J. & D. reached 80, but he was kept so busy run-_‘
ning errands that afternoon he found no oppor-i ~
tunity to get around to the Little Nassau street 
bank, and so the Exchange closed with the shares. ‘ ,4,
at 85 5-8 before he realized that business was 
over for the day. ' ~ ‘ " i

It was ‘eleven cdclock the next day before 
got the chance to run around to the bank to order_ '2.
the stock sold. and in the meantime there 

- been a good deal of business done in the shares’
and the price had gone up to 853-8, and that was
the ﬁgure the boy realized. When he got hiI_’__. .
check and statement on the following day ha’. I '
found his proﬁt amounted to a. little over six lii'In'-

dred dollars. » 
’ “I'm actually worth_
a thousand dollars.’ , \

said ‘his friend.

 

 

 

  
  

“Gee whiz!” he exclaimed.

CHAPTER IV.--Murphy Finds a Hundred-Doiar,
' ‘ Bill, and What Comes of It. » ~ ;«~:;._

Before three .o’clock thatday 

   

 

   
   
    
    
  
  
     
    
 

_'.‘ “I got this check of yours through the mail this
morning," ‘he said to the cashier. “I want to
1, blow if you will cash it andkeep most of it here
 for me’ until I want to draw it out?” '
_ * ,‘‘Are you Fred Ticknor?”
‘ 5' “Yes sir.” .
‘ *‘-‘You'll have to get some one we know to iden-
tify you." V
“Your margin clerk ought. to -remember I
bought ﬁfty shares of J. & D. from him a few
days ago, and that I came in here yesterday about
.. eleven o’clock and ordered the shares sold. Here
-arid yo statement of the transaction.”
_ .  “ﬁgll, step around with me to his desk. and if
' _ he will identify you I’ll ﬁx the matter up?”
The margin clerk recognized Fred as the party
to the deal and the cashier was astisﬁed.
 ‘fAs you are a minor we can’t open an account
with you. Ticknor," said the gentleman, “but I
can give you a certiﬁcate of deposit for whatever
money you leave with us.”
-_ “That will answer,” replied Fred. “Give me
two hundred dollarscash’ and a certiﬁcate for the
rest.”
'-The mater was so arranged. Owen Murphy
V hadvbeen as good as his word and had not noticed
 since" the afternoon our hero had refused to
iifell him what he got for returning the wallet to
‘ Mr. Bates. or ante up even a ﬁve-dollai-‘bill. Fred
did‘-‘not suﬂ'er any from the loss of Murphys
, as he never liked,him much. For two
weeks the boys frequently passed each other in
jeori-idor of the olﬁcehuilding without any
Iixnof recognition. .But one morning Fred was
 to receive a triumphant wink from
" arphy as they came together in the elevator.
i”He"'looked at his former acquaintance narrowly,
without saying 'a word. «They both stepped out
of.:the»elevator together, and then Murphy could
“hold in no longer. _ ’ -
5*  ‘here, Fred." he said, “I want to tell you

‘ f’ ‘Well. what is it‘! Got over your grouch ?”
“ vmind that. I found somethin’ myself,

' ay,“ he said. in a mysterious way.

I! _ vpocketbook?” grinned Fred.

 A hundred-dollar bill.” '

 did you find it?”

_ ‘That’: te1lin's.' zr1nned' Murphy.‘

'  did you stop me for?” '_

.  wanted to let you lﬂ_'l0W"lSh8t you ain't the
  pebble ‘at ﬁndm’ thingsﬂrephed Murphy.
-W ~;‘a'~look of intense satisfaction. I .

- -101;, 1' see. Thought maybe you’d make me
~~ ‘bad, ehA?»' Well, the fact that you found a «
‘dollars, or even 1} thousand dollars,

worryxme in the least.”
1-: just wanted you to know--tbat's‘all.
you think I'm kiddin' you? Well here’s

   
    
   
    
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
    
  
    
 
 
  
    
    
   
  
  
     
  
  
     
   
  
   
    
 

‘Showed it lb Ffﬂdu -_ . _\ .
Ins-a brand-new bill issued by the vNatl0D_&l
_ .. , and on the baqleof it wsestamped
' » the nameland business address of some-
lud the bill in his possession-
totr-,y and ﬁnd the owner?" asked Fred.
do you take are for? _ IA chumv?” ,
' ' aasgezit a,seru_ius loss._.to some-

"m~:aazr¥o haven
truggiiyouatoaz

  
 

  

     
  
 
 

 I  ‘ ‘ (IIHASINIG PQINTERS I . ’

I "' amijie took it out of his vast Docket '

5

“Thanks,” replied F‘red;V “but I’ve got an en-‘

gagement.”

Murphy look disappointed, and soon afterward
the boys separated. They met, however, again
at a quick-lunch counter. and Murphy renewed to
take Fred to a show, but without result. They
both stepped  the cashier’s desk together, and
Murphy, pushing F red’s fifteen cents back, told
the proprietor to take the price of the two lunches
out of the one-hundred-dollar bill. ’

The man looked at the bill and then at Murphy.

“Where did you get this?” he asked suspicious-

!- . '
“What's .the matter with it '1" asked Murphy,

with an anxious look. “Isn’t it good ‘."’

“It’s good enough, but it’s a large bill for a
boy to have around loose._
smaller change?”

“I want to change that bill.” '

“I wouldn’t mind changing it if I thought you
came honestly by the bill."

“Do You think I'm a thief '!" demanded Murphy
indignantly. ,

“My name _is Owen‘ Murphy, and ‘I work for
Spencer & Sysonbv. Ask him if I am all right,"
andhe pointed to Ifred. '

A line of impatient people was, beginning to ,

collect near the cash desk, so the proprietor re-
fused to change the bill. and Murphy grumblingly

, paid insmall change for his own lunch, as Fred

insisted on settling his own check.

The bill. however. was destined to get Murphy
into trouble. The broker who had lost the bill
advertised for it on the chance that it might have
fallen into the hands of an honest person.

Fred, saw the advertisement and called Mur-
ph_v’s attention to it. ‘

“That's ain’t the bill I found.” >‘aid,Murphy,’_ 1

with a red face.

Fred lot the matter drop, as he djdn’t care to . i ’
Another man who had received’ ' I

expose Murphy. ,
the bill in payment for a debt noticed the adver-
tisement and communicated with the loser. An

investigation followed and the money was traced I
Spencer & Sysonby's messen-..

back to ‘Murphy.
ger, ﬁnding himself cornered. admitted the fact.

and said he had found the bill in the Bamuin,

Building. V V
The broker said he had lost the money there,

and demanded its return. less the twenty-five dol-

lars he had offered as reward. As he had clearly

identiﬁed his property, ‘the saloon» eeper who";~‘

changed it sent for Murphy. gave him e bill and
got one hundred dollars back. The bill was then
given to uts rightful owner‘. who paid Murphy.
the twenty-ﬁve dollars reward. Murphy the!

paid the saloon-keeper the twenty-ﬁve dollars to. .» _r

settle the amount of his o_riginal debt.

CllAP'l‘ER V.—'—l-low Fred Gets His 
-' Pointer.‘ ‘ " ' ~ "

Fred told Daisy Dean about his good ineii with
the J. & D. shares, and she congratulated-him on

his success. but at the same  warned him

 

against 'puttinx.'too much faith in the market. ;

 

 

 

Haven’t you any‘

  

     
 

‘N »

 
    
    
 
 
 

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
      
   
    
   
   

 , .

for all that the pretty stenographer didn’t like
him much, As long as he brought her work and
paid for it on delivery she was satisﬁed to have
him for a customer; but after a while he would
ﬁnd some excuse for lingering in her den. which
interfered somewhat with her work, and then the
young lady began to ﬁnd him a rather undesir-
able patron. The fact of the matter was that
Barclay Calcutt was smitten with the young
' lady’s many charms, andhe was trying to make
himself solid with her. He brought her a lot
. of typewriting that he had no use for simply to

cine day he asked her if she had any money for
which she had no immediate use. .

Daisy thought this a pretty cheeky question
on his part./" but before she could make a non-
committal reply he went on to say that he had
come down expressly to give her a tip on the
‘market. if she could make any use of it.

“I have made it a rule never to risk any money
in stocks," replied Daisy, hoping he would take
‘himself off.

“But this is a sure thing. Miss Dean. I have
it on the best of -authority that a pool of big oper-
ators has been formed to boom L. & S. shares.
which are now ruling at 89. I’ assure you, Miss
Dean. __they will» surely go to 110, and perhaps
higher. I am giving you this pointer because I
havean eye to yourrinterest, and it would give
me great pleasure to put you in the way of mak-
ing some extra money.” '

Mr. Calcutt tried to make it apparent that his
motive was one of particular friendship for Miss
Dean, and that she was the only one he would
give’ such a tip to. Daisy thanked him and said
.she would think the matter over. Daisy was
gladpwhen he took his departure. for she felt
greatly enﬂiarrassed because he insisted on put-
, ting her under obligations to him. as it were.
She tried to think of some excuse for declining
, any further work from Mr. Calcutt, thereby de-
A priving him of any pretext for forcing his.pres-
'ence upon her in the future.

' »While she was ﬁguring out the matter; Fred
entered with a-batch of work from Mr. Colt, and,
‘ knowing that the young messenger was a friend
on whom she could thoroughly depend. she laid
" tl_ie_whole trouble before him and asked his ad-

. vice.
. ’ ..“He told me that he knew positively that a pool
 of big operators had been formed to boom L. &
 S.. and that the stock would surely go up in a‘
’ ., few days.” ‘ _ _
, ‘.'Did he tell you how he got his information ?”
“He did not.”
1' “,He_expected. you to accept his word. . Well.
considering the interest he appears to take in you,
.1 Knees he wouldn’t be likely to hand you out
"anything that wasn't the real thing, for if you
inuested any money on‘ the strength of what
heatold you. and the deal went wrong. it would
nly. queer, him with you for good and alL”
b .»“-‘But I -’t'want his tip, and I wish he hadn’t
. it to me.” replied the girl. in ii troubled
 “If the pointer is really all that he claims
l he, will feel that he haeput me under ob-
 ,to hiin. and will take advantage of the
""3150 annoy me ‘with his unwelcome attentions?
_ 3399363199 '

F...‘

 

 
    

  

dressed as swell as aiiy man on the Street, but’

get a chance to have a talk with her, and ﬁnally,

—_ vb.e’1f-‘!e8V6,;¥ou.alone_ when.
 agel°081¢y~?hexe: if «heneraists W

 

 

CHASING POIN/TERSV . ’

bothering’ you. -then he's no gentleman and ought
to be shown it.” . .

Daisy ﬁnally decided that she would tell Mr.
Calcutt that she was too busy to do any more
work for him, and see what effect that would
have on the situation. Next morning Fred kept
track of‘ L. & S.. and he noticed that twenty‘
thousand shares were traded in by noon, at prices
ranging from 89 to 90.

“That looks like business.” he said to himself.
“I guess I'll buy ﬁfty shares. at any rate."

So he went around to the bank in Nassau street
and drew four hundred and ﬁfty dollars against
his certiﬁcate of deposit, and handed the cash to
the margin clerk, with an order to buy ﬁfty
shares of L. & S. at 90 on margin. '

By the time Fred got back to his oﬂioe the
shares were bought and held by the bank subject
to his order. At three o'clock. when the Ex-
change closed, L. & S. was ruling at 92. During
the next two days ‘the shares fluctuated between
90 and 94. closing on Saturday noon at the latter
ﬁgure. That morning Daisy told Fred that Mr.
Calcutt had called with some new work. but she
had refused to accept it on the plea that she was
too busy.

“What did he say?” asked the boy.

“He insisted on leaving it, saying he was in
no hurry and that I could_ do it when I would ﬁnd
time. He also asked me if_ I had taken advantage
of his pointer. When _I said I had not. he seemed
disappointed. and advised me to do so before it
was too late to reap any beneﬁt from it.”

“Well,  you’ve got any money to spare I’d
advise you to buy a few shares“ with me. I
bought ﬁfty the other day at 90: the last quota-
tion this morning was 4. ' If I had money enough ‘
I'd buy ﬁfty more at as near 94 Monday morn-
ing as I could get them. I'm satisﬁed the stock
will so to par.” ,

“Mr. Calcutt told me it would go to 110, and
perhaps higher.”

“Well. don't say another word. but come in with
me on another ﬁfty. I'll take thirty and you '
twenty. It’1l cost you one hundred and eighty-
eight dollars. Can you raise that much?"

“Yes. I'll bring it with me Monday.” ,

 “All right. I'm glad to have you for a partner
in this deal," said Fred, as Daisy covered up her
machine. preparatory to starting for home.

 

CHAPTER yI.——In the Nick of Time. ‘.

On Monday morning Miss, Dean brought down ‘ .
enough oney to make good the margin. on 201 ' «- '
shares 0 L. & S. at 90. : '

Fred took it around to the bank in Nassau "S. 
street. where he had more than enought to secure “  ..
30 additional shares of the stock. He bought the 
50 shares in his own name. L. & S. gradually
advanced to 96. and at intervals, when he hap-
pened to be in,the otliee. Fred carried the good I ..

_news to Daisy. Next day. the excitement ‘ ;'*
more pronounced. and when L. Q: S. touched 102 ‘ 
‘the brokers began tumbling over one another Tm. - I
their eﬂorteto ge_t the stock. ~  V

The Reneral puhlibtcame rushing into the 
to invest. and ‘Mr. Colt having his share 
business. Fredgwaa keptunusnaﬂy busy-‘ _
«notes here. than and everywhere durim 

 ; "r
I  " ~
.1, e I .

  
   
   

 

       
    
   

   

    
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
 

hours. Next ‘morning L. & S. opened at 112, and
Fred told Daisy that he wasn't going to take any
more chances. He carried out his intentions at

Dean had no further personal interest in the do-
' ings of the market. When he got back to his
chair in the office he occupied the few minutes of
.leisure_he had. in ﬁguring up how much he and
the stenographer had made out of the deal. The
' ticker showed a sale of one hundred shares at
’ .112 5-8, and he judged that was the ﬁgure their
holdings had gone at. ‘

'1' . “On my ﬁfty shares that I bought at 90 I make
about eleven hundred dollars; on the thirty for
‘which I gave 94 my proﬁt is something like ﬁve
hundred and ﬁfty dollars. That's a -total of six-
teen hundred and ﬁfty dollars. That‘ isn’t so bad
on'a capital* of eight hundred dollars. Miss Dean
has collared three hundred and seventy—ﬁve dol-
Jars. ‘Nothing like having a first-class pointer
to operate with.”

r _ Fred walked into the stenographer’s den and
showed the results of his calculation, which were
“ veriﬁed next morning when he got a statement of
account and a check from the bank.

_ “If mother knew I was worth twenty-four hun-
drai and ﬁfty dollars she'd fall oﬁ her chair from
iastonishment,” said Fred, with a chuckle, to

L ‘ ,"Aren’t' you going totell her?” the girl asked
.1.

‘Not yet a while. I shall tell my sister, how-
ever. When I go to lunch Ifll get your money,
and you can take it home with you. I suppose
you'll be buying some swell clothes on the
‘strength of it.” _

" “What makes you think so '."’ laughed Daisy.

.“That’s the ﬁrst thing the girls think of when
they have a wad in their pocketbook."

“You seem to know all about it. Fred,” replied
‘die pretty stenographer.
‘ ‘v“Sure ‘I do.” he chuckled.

’ T Amybell. I must leave you."
, Fred drew one hundred and ﬁfty dollars that
pafternoon. leaving the balance on a new certiﬁcate
..o'£ depoeit.'and took the bills home to his mother.

.What. more money for me!” exclaimed the
little mother as her son tossedrher the bills across
the supper-table. “You must have found another

k-7|
er.’but I made 8 little deal in stocks

1 .
“Gee! There goes

"4.
£5 .

 You heard me say the market has been
aﬁoeminlr lately. I got out just in. time, for things
‘went to pieces today. and a good many people
' veeome out at the small end of the horn."

1 up glad to kndw that you are one of the for-
’ ones," smiled his mother. _ , ' c
5.39.3. ‘I'm about the luckiest boy in Wall

Theme  very few. messengers who have
-bank‘ "account" e me.’ ‘ I .
ﬂax: day Barchy. Caleutt met Daisi Dean in

‘Téoi-rider. 4 He and some nauallirluc Y friends
'  nagging themselves to .an unlimited

   
  

  

once to sell, and within half an hour he and Miss ‘

' me back an answer.

zui-th the unds I had and came out a few hundred-

d~ rump-eoreiua
5'-His eyesjtrere 

CHASINE: POINTERS . I 7 I

At that moment Fred entered from the count-
ing-room and‘told Daisy that Mr. Colt wanted *
her in his office. She grabbed her notebook and
ﬂew, leaving Barclay Calcutt and the boy to-
gether.

“Well, sir.” said Fred. “what can I do _for
you?”

The broker looked at him in a ﬁshy way, for
he was several degrees more unsteady than when
he entered the room. . '

“You can getout," he said thickly.
for you at all. Understand?”

Fred walked over and threw open the door.
“Miss Dean is very busy to-day, Mr. Calcutt.

“No use .

She can’t be bothered with visitors. You will
oblige her very much by leaving.”
Fortunately for the boy, Barclay Cal:-utta’s

thoughts were diverted suddenly when he saw a
friend out in the corridor. and he started for the
door without another word. As soon as he was
outside Fred shut the door after him and returned
to the reception—room. When Daisy came out of
Mr. Colt’s private oﬁice he told her how‘ he had
managed to get rid of Barclay Calcutt.

“I’m ever so much obliged to you, Fred,” she
repliedgratefully. “He seems to be intoxicated,
and his conversation embarrassed me very much.
I hope he won’t come back.”

Daisy had such a stack of work on hand that
she decided to stay in her oﬂice until six o’clock..
It was half-past three when Fred got back. and
he was preparing to go home, when Mr. Colt
called him into his sanctum and told him _he
wanted him to go to Brooklyn.

“I want you to take this letter to the residence
of Mr. John Lynch. on President street, and bring
If you are detained. and. I
am not here when you get back, you must bring
the reply to my house.” '

“If Mr. Lynch is not at home shall I wait for
him. sir ?" » ,

“You had better wait a reasonable time. and in

case you leave without seeing him. and I am not I

here. call me up on the ’phone.”

“All right. sir,“ replied the bov. starting oﬁ'.
When Fred reached the residence of Mr. Lynch
he found the gentleman had not got home. He -
waited half an hour and then‘ started back for
the oﬁice. It wanted a uarter to six when he
reached the oﬂice buildin
second ﬂoor. As_ Fred annroached the door of his
oﬂice the superintendent of the building came
along and the boy nodded’ to him. I

Fred and the»superintendent.. 'I'he'soréain 
from the oﬁice of Colt 8: Co. Fred ﬂuiQ- 
the door and saw _a man in a silk hatpreesﬁi '
hand over Daisy’s mouth. It was evident. ' ' ‘

was foul play going on.  {._/ ‘~_‘

CHA1-"'I‘ERl .vii..‘—Anouier Liicky  V ,

With the superin' tendent at his   

Tickuor entered the reoention-room. where 
nrettv stenograeher was struggling with her al-
sailant. Fred sprang at the man
tiger. and then it waafthat he
face. ,1! w 11.
mdivghdat.  I

 

.«._ ( .- ‘us

and, walked up to the '—

At that moment the shrill cry of a womana»»A.,‘
echoed through the corridor and startled both 

 
 
  

'1‘: ‘sh:

 
     
      
       
  
 

 
 

  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
  
      

  

st

Fred seized him he released Daisy and turned
:  his attentlitcxip to the boy, whom he caught by the

‘ ‘threat. a . forcing him back against the ticker.
seemed bent on choking the life out of him. The
superintendent had all he could do to drag the
infuriated broker away from his victim.

“For heaven's sake. Mr. Calcutt,” he said. “are
you aware what you are doing ?”

The broker glared at him for a moment and
then seemed to recollect his position. The broker
appeared to realize that he had placed himself in
‘a bad hole. and the only excuse he could think
of was that he was drunk and didn’t'know what
he was doing. _

If Mr. Calcutt was drunk, it was a different
kind of intoxication to what he had been laboring
under a few hours previous. Daisy Dean was
almost prostrated by the assault made upon her
by the broker. and "could hardly make any state-
ment of the circumstances when asked by Fred
to do so.

. Please take him away. I don't want to see him
any more." she cried hysterically. -
" I"red,.led Daisy back to her oﬂice and tried his
best to calm‘her. It was, some time before she
- regained control over herself. Then she told him
what had happeﬁed. ‘

“Soon after the clerks left, and I was all alone,
in this part of the office. somebody came to the
corridor door. which" I had locked, and tried it.
I thought it was the janitor and paid no atten-
tion. ' I was not working on my machine at the
- time. but reading over my work prephratory to

going away. At last I got through with what I
,. had to do, and went to wash my hands and tidy

g my hair. As I was on the way back to my room
I heard a noise in the outer office. I stopped and
‘listened. I heard a drawer pulled _out. and that
excited my suspicions, so I stepped into the room
and saw a man in a silk hat.‘ whose back _was
toward me. standing al ngside the ﬁling cabinet,
 apparently examining he documents in one of
' ‘the upper boxes.’ He had no_ right to be there.
 of course. and without thinking of any danger
‘to myself I walked right up to him and asked
’ his,business. He turned around with a start, and
 than. to my astonishment. I recognized Mr. Cal-
cutt. For a moment we stood and looked at each
A ‘other. then he turned upon me with something

that sounded like an oath and caught me by the
' arias. I was so startled that I screamed out.
~'I'hnt enraged him and he pressed his hand over
my mouth to prevent me from uttering another
- sound. What he intended to do at the cabinet I
‘V «cannot guess. but he looked wicked enough to kill
"5 kmq. and. terribly 1‘ri'ghtened._,I struggled to get

 ' rn him.‘ It was then you came into the
savod me. Oh, Fred. *1 am so thankful
at hand to interfere at such a critical

1

s‘.

  

    
   

W

mighty glad myself that Lreached the
at ’a moment 'when my presence was

  

. ‘ t broug_ht*you back at this late hour ?"

F!ed.tald her about his errand to Brooklyn.

_"I waited a reasonable time for Mr. Lynch to
‘ I-umsand as he did not do so I came back
to tdcphone the fact to Mr. Colt, according
 directions; I must do so now. and then
 you as far, In the underground

  

   
   

 I CiiAsiNG Poi_NTERs “ I

evidently in a very ugly mood. The moment I

Daisy put on her hat and wrap while Fred
was in the booth. and was ready to gowhen he
came out. ,

‘fl wonder what could have been Mr. Calcutt'.'»
obiect in entering our oﬂice and monkeying with
the papers in the cabinet ?” said Fred. as they
walked out into theiouter office. “He will have
to explain his actions to Mr. Colt to-moi-row, I
fancy."

“I haven’t the -least idea what he was up to."
Daisy answered. _

“I dare say he’Il claim he had a jag on and
didn't know what he was‘ doing; but from the
way he acted I think he knew what he was about
all right.”

“But how could he have got into the office.
Fred? The door ought to have been locked.”

“Either it was not locked, through some over-
lsiglht; or Mr. Calcutt had a key that ﬁtted the
oc . .

“You think. then. that Mr. Calcutt deliberately
came in here for some bad purpose? . It seems
increditable that a properous broker like him
would do such a thing."

“How do you know he's prosperous?” asked
Fred.

He told me this afternoon that he had made

'a barrel of money out of L. & S.”

“That sounds reasonable, I'll admit. as he must
have worked the tip he gave you. and we have
good evidence it was a corker. Well, it doesn1:
make any difference how prosperous he is. his
presence in this office under the circumstances in
which you detected him looks pretty bad. I'll bet
he's trying to work some scheme against Mr.
Colt, and it will be up to the boss to-morrow to
sift the matter for himself."

“Did you say anything to him over the wire? ‘

“No. I thought it best for you to explain inac-
ters in the morning. I'll give him the facts of
the case as far as I know them, and the super‘-
intendent will corroborate me. He will then call
you _into the‘ oﬁice. and you can tell your story."

Fred left Daisy at the station at the corner of
Broadway and walked to his home in Cannon
Street. Mr. Colt was both angry and mystified
over Mr. Calcutt's conduct when he heard the
news the next morning. and went upstairs to
demand an explanation of that gentleman. I-Iow
Calcutt squared himself neither Fred nor Daisy
ever learned. but he ceased to bring the stenog;
rapher any more work. or to notice her when he
passed her after that. which was a great satis-

"faction to ‘the young lady.

About a week later I-‘red carried a note to
Gage & Moran's oﬂice in the Mills Building.

He had to wait for some paper to be prepared,

for him to take back. and while sitting near the
ticker two well-known brokers came in and askel
to see Mr. Moran. The office boy took their

names into the private oﬁice. and while, waiting

for him to return the visitor began talking about
a deal that was forming to control D. & G. shares.

They stood so close to Fred that the boy could i

not very wlill help hearing all they said. ‘ V
He did‘not,know much about the stock thai

formed the suhject’oi"thoir‘conversation. 

he did know the brokers‘ w'ell» by sight and tepi-
tation. Fred-knew thereiuust be ‘something in

this thing. or they would not be so interested in ‘I
wondered

the matter. He how he could ﬁnd out

“nothing more nfnnwt it.  was 

hilt-

 

 

.:....;._,_,'._~,.  

.

I .

  

       
   
   

in

   
   
     
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  

. ‘ l‘\ ‘ ' .1‘: .

CHASING

’ dared ouestion on the subject. so he began.to
watch’ the newspapers. thinking some hint about
the deal might get into print. He also looked up
a the recent record of D. 8; G. and compared prices

for weeks back. with the result that he, foimd the

’stock, was selling below its normal ﬁgure.

“I don’t think D. & G. will go any lower than

it is now under present conditions. In fact. ‘it
should’ go up two or three points before long,
without reference to any deal that may be going
on behind the curtain.
. shares, anyway, at the present price. 65, and if
my pointer amounts to anything I'll make a good
‘thing out of it. If it doesn’t pan out I.ought to
make something. anyway, for the market seems
ripe for some kind of an Sdvance.”

So next day~Fred put up nineteen hundred and
fifty dollars of "his money as margin on three
hundred shares. hoping his former luck would
. continue. He was not disappointed. for a very

j rapid rise followed his purchase. In two days
" VD."& G. was in great demand at 71. and it kept
 right on upward. , Then Fred told Daisy about
 his new venture. Instead of scolding him, as he
had half expected she would. she asked him if
he would buy ﬁfty shares for her at the market
price. He said he would. and the next morning
she brought enough money down to secure the
shares at 72. the price he had to pay for them.
‘Next day the stock boomed to 78. and Fred and

Daisy shook hands with each other.

’ That afternoon D. 6 G. closed at 81, and small
 ontside«’speculators. were bringing their little
‘wads into the Sheet to go long on the shares.
8 Next morning ut eleven o’clock Fred over-
» hard two broker say that they guessed D. & G.
was irettint topheavy. and that they looked to see
it drop back into the lover seventies as soon as
— the bears got their work in. Fred knew that
these two brokers were considered men of sound
judgment. so he decided that it was dangerous
for him to take any further chances with the
stock. It was then ruling at 87, with every ap-
.  parent chance of going higher.
._." ‘Eiionglgis as good as a feast,” he said to him-
 “oelf. startinit. for the bank in Nassau Street.
~ ‘though. on the whole. a proﬁt of twenty-five dol-
zlars a share isn't a bad banquet when you come
a to figure on it.’f _ 5 I
, » He ordered his shares and Daisy’s to be closed’
out at once. and it was done inside of ten minutes.
~eWhen he got back to the omce he reported,the
close’-of. the deal to Miss Dean. -
 ‘Til Hear something over seven hundred dol-
lars. won‘t 1'!" she saidioyfully.
“'!‘iiat’s what you .will." _
‘And how much are you ahead’! ‘You bought
gut 65. I think?” . " _
‘ *2‘ ‘I am -sixty-ﬁve hundred dollars to the Rood-
%k of that for a messemrer bo ! Am‘! hzcky

um, I »
-fYou’re’the‘ luckiest boy «iii Wall Street.” she

“' .

 

  

   

  

   
   
 

  
 

  

  

c——-—_.

 viii-Lgyiiaz .a Trap.

3

 
 
  

“He wanted toaive--her a
 3I',"‘l"I.8j-II fortunate

~:.~S_o..srhanIa not home that

..i,~ c

   
 

. .

I think I’ll buy three .

iﬂat of ﬁve.i-ooms at a reasonable rent.

I the ﬁ7kl¢I$'>3lis lazggtsveculative .v'e'n€nre -. _ o ..
 in his attire. ‘was smitterjon 

:"f‘

6

POINTERS f . 9.

C

“You didn't know that I took another shy at
;he marlgeit about ten days ago, did you, Bess 3" ‘ ‘
e Imnn . I ,’i'
“Why. no; you never told me a word about if. F
Aren't you mean Y" .
“How much do you think I made this time?” 
“How should I be able to guess! How much?" _ ;'
‘‘Sixt_v-ﬁve hundred dollars.” 3. 7
“Fred Ticknor. vou don't mean that!” she ex- 
claimed incredulously.

“I certainly do mean it. You remember. I‘ve
been carrying a certiﬁcate of deposit on that little
Nassau Street bank for twenty-three hundred dol-
lariﬁroundﬁwith me for some weeks. don't you ?”

“ . yes.

“Ten days ago I heard a couple of brokers ,
speaking about some deal that was under way in 
D. dz G. stock. Well. I bought three hundred -s. '-j
shares on the chance that there was something "
good at the bottom of their talk. I bought at
65 and this morning I sold at 87. Proﬁt. sixty- .
ﬁgenhllnllred dollars. There you have it in a nut-
s e . . ~

“My goodness! It sounds too good to be true.‘

“Well. I can guarantee it's true. [11 show you
a_ certiﬁcate of deposit to-morrow night for
eightyv-eight hundred dollars.” 3

“Wall Street seems to be a regular gold mine '21‘;
for you. Fred." , , 

“'l‘hat’s because luck and me are pulling to-
gether in the same boat.”

“You ought to give mother some of that "
money.”

“I'm going to. l’ll give her seven hundred
dollars and you one hundred dollars. and I'll treat ’
you both to a bang-up dinner and the theater *

 

-v

 
 
  

aﬁterward.” _ ' . . V

‘ Areii t you Just the best brother in the world!” i
exclaimed Bessie, running to Fred and giving him _
a big hug_ and a kiss.  

- Mrs. Ticknor could hardly; believe the evi-

dence of her eyes when Fred handed out the seven
hundred dollars next evening. and told her it was .
part of-a haul he had inst made in -the stock “
market. ’ .~ ~ .

“I think we ought to nave uptown. mother. into I
a better neighborhood. We can afford to do that
now. asmco fortune  begun to smile on us. . I».
know ﬂat hunting isn't a pleasant pastime. but
people have. to tackle it once in a while.” —
_— “Where would you like to go. my son 2" I ,
4 Fr 41 mentioned several localities where  “
thought a cozy live-room ﬂat could be found. .

They had been living in three very interim? ‘
rooms for several years. and a change forjhs
better was _much to be desired. So in a (layer
two Mrs. Tieknor started uptown to select a go
‘picked out several and left the final selection "to;

er_son. He and Bessie visited them on the ‘fit

lowing Sunday and deciding on one paid a ﬁt
posit to seeure.iL A week later they werl-‘egg
tied in their new home. and were quite dc ‘

with it. .

The clerks in Hr. lt’s olﬁce had noticed
Fred was pretty sol‘ with the stenographer
sometimes they  Him about the 2

one ofthe_boohkeepen.‘)vho.vaa -.

      
    
       
 
    
      
     
     
  
  

    
  

     
   
     
     
    
  

  
       
  

    
   

 
   
  
 
 
  
  

     
  

had nude many seaport! _
to.  her nvti¢e‘1a:~ ,

  

 

 
  

., sequences as himself. '
_ to pass remarks reﬂecting on Fred's attentions to

l - maybe<you’ll get what’s coming to you.”

. , ‘ '
10 ‘
the oflice boy, in such a friendly way, while she

practically ignored a person of such superior con-
He lost no opportunity

Miss Dean and frequently guyed the boy unmet-
cifully. Fred stood it without saying a word.
He judged if he called the clerk down it would
lead to a row‘with the fellow. and he thought
the easiest way was the best out of the difficulty.
One morning James Elder, that was the name
of this particular clerk. bought a bunch of violets
from an Italian sidewalk vender. He placed it in
his desk until he had occasion to take .a state-
ment inside to Daisy to copy on her typewriter
for him. then he carried the nosegay with him and
presented it to her with one of his best bows and
prettiest speeches. _
She accepted it with a smile. and Elder. think-

. ing that at last he had produced an impression

on the charming girl. returned to his desk feeling
like a bird. After a time Fred had occasion to
bring some work to her, whereupon she took the
violets 05 her desk and pinned them on the lapel

' of his jacket. One of the junior clerks noticed

the ﬂowers and asked Fred why he didn't present

them to Miss Dean.

“Why, she just gave them to me herself.”

Another clerk, who had seen Elder carry the
self-same ﬂowers in to the stenographer, laughed
and called the bookkeeper's attention to Fred. ‘

“He’s wearing those violets you presented to
Miss Dean. I guess ‘you aren't in it with our

_of£ice boy.””

Elder, recognizing his ﬂoral offering. was ‘so
incensed that he rushed up to Fred. tore the vio-

‘ lets from his buttonhole. and threw them into
the waste basket.

“What did you do that for?" asked the boy.

' indiimantly.

“None ‘of your business; you little monkey."
he answered in a rage. walking back to his desk.
“Well. if I was half the monkey you are I'd hire
myself cut_ to a dime museum,” replied Fred.
~ “What’s that?" cried Elder. “How dare_ you
address such a remark to me, you impertinent
whipper—snapper ?" ‘ _
“Thanks. You’re a gentleman, I don't think,”
answered Fred. sarcastically. . _
‘ “,1 shall report your insolence to,Mr.'Colt.”
said the clerk. loftily.
“I would if I was you,” retorted the boy. “Then
Later on Elder did report Fred to Mr. Colt_
and the boss called his messenger inside and

asked him what was the trouble between him and
the bookkeeper. Feed explained how Elder had

i T. treated the bunch of violets Miss Dean had given

! N"  and had called him a little monkey onitop

   

of it. .
“If it hadn't been that I didn't want to raise

 a motion in the oﬁice. I'd have pummeled him in
 ey . The trouble with him is he'd dead gone

"on Miss Dean. She has no use for him. and he's

l_Iore on me because she treats me as a friend."

“All right.’ replied Mr.’ Colt; “but don't let vine
hoaaof .8!'l'_V trouble between vou and Elder inside

. _ be my fault if there is any. sir.”

 "I shall keep away from him as. much

='p‘u-‘bk: but just hie -same I'm not going to’

' "walk ronghshodover me. because _-he’: -a
T» oﬁcehnr."- ~ =

   

I

Inf

‘CHASING POINTERSA

_“Well. I won't have any scrapping in my oﬂiee,
T1cknor—understand that,” said thebroker. tum-
ing to his desk. »

Elder was out of humor all day, for the other
clerks roasted him in a quiet way about the vio-
lets he had bought expressly for Miss Dean, and
which she in turn had presented to Fred. He
concentrated his resentment on the young mes-
senger, who had been the involuntary cause of
his take-down. and determined to get square with
him. If he could manage somehow to get the
boy discharged, and thus separate him from the
stenographer for ‘good, he thought he would then
have a clear ﬁeld to himself.

A few days later, while Fred was out on an
errand. a man who owed Mr. Colt ten dollars
came into the office and handed him a bill in
payment of his debt. The bill in question. was
noticeable from the fact that it had a red Maltese
cross stamped on its back, and the broker saw it
when his visitorjplaced the money on his desk
alongside two letters that were waiting to be
delivered. Mr. Colt accompanied his caller into
the corridor, leaving the bill where the man had
placed it. '

Just as the man took his departure Mr. Spencer,
of Spencer & Sysonby, whose offices were oppo-
site, came up the stairs and seeing Mr. Colt asked
him to step into his oﬂice with him. As the door
closed behind them, Fred came dashing upstairs.
and ran into his own office. He walked into his
employer's private room, for he had brought back‘

an answer to a note he had just carried over to“

Gage & Moran. He saw the two letters and_the
ten-dollar bill on Mr. Co_lt’s desk as he placed
the envelope down near them. Observing his
employer's hat on’the~top of the desk he judged

he had gone back to the counting-‘room, and he i 

went to the window to wait for him to come back.

At that moment Daisy entered the private of:
lice. and went to a small ﬁling cabinet that stood
on a shelf alongside Mr. Colt’s safe, which par-
tially hid her presence in the room. A minute
or two later James Elder entered the boss's sanc-
tum, with a paper in his hand which he laid upon
the desk; He. too, saw the ten—dollar bill and
he also saw Fred looking out of the window.

Immediately an idea occurred to his mind and
a sardonic smile curled his thin lips. He picked
up the bill. folded it. and slyly approaching the
boy, ‘who was watching an altercation between
a policeman and an It.ilian image vender. cau-
tiously slipped it into his jacket pocket. Then
with a grin of satisfaction he returned to the
desk, took up the paper he had brought and
softly lefththe room. going to one of the recep-
tion-room windows to look out himself, but keep-
ing well on the alert.

V Presently Fred left the private room and went
back to the washroom just as Mr._ Colt entered
the office. Elder saw the broker come in. fol-
lowedhim into the private room and handed him
the paper he had previously laid on the desk.
Then he retired with a cheerful grin on his coun-
tenance. for he thought he had fixed the otﬁee boy.

“The boss saw him come out of his room.” he
chuckled. “if he will only search him when he
misiiezs that bill we'll have a new oﬂiee boy nepti
wee ' A -

The unnrincipled clerk grinned and rubbed

     
  

hands ongsovcrthe  in the at gas  " ;

     

' CHASING

’ ‘ nrosnect that faced the
-he so cordially hated.

y ’= ‘W-rxqr. 7-7
a. ‘ . ,,

young messen.<zer- whom

 

FCIIAPTER IX.—’l"he Game that Dam Work.

= when Mr. Colt sat down at the desk he_ recol-
<lected the ten-dollar bill and reached for it, but
it wasn't there. He looked the desk over, felt in
.. »-his pockets, glancedabout on the carpet and ﬁnal-

‘ ly rang for Fred. The boy answered the sum-

mons. ‘

“You were in here a moment ago, were you not,
Ticknor?" he asked, watching the lad closely.
‘“ ‘Yes, sir: I brought‘ that yellow envelope from

- Ir. Moran and put it on your desk.”
‘Did you see a ten-dollar bill near those two

letters? .
‘ ‘Yes, sir.”

' “You didn’t pick it up by mistake, did you?”
‘Why, no sir," answered the bo{"in surprise.

, “Hum!” said his employer. “ as there any
' onsleélsg  here beside ylou at lthek_time?’t' f th
 ' teean one. wasooingouo e

window rilntil the ¥noment I left the room.” .

“Well, Ticlmor. that bill seems to have vanished
in a most mysterious way,” said Mr. Colt. “You
~ sayryou saw ithwevheii ydtlle leg: ttlllie r0om'.’"_
“ saw it w n .en re e room sir.”
"It’s all the, same, since no one else has been
 51¢;-e, I - l tli mo in‘ lf_. Iwent
diiieictlzlly ti‘ 13le’§§sk°:;fi fofmd t1lr1t:t‘!,‘l1:i‘lll:emisséng.””
’ _ , ope you on’t suspect me a ing i , sir.
’ cried Fred. ' ’
V ,. “Well, it's very si
1; , vanished 50. Ticknor;
' to oﬂer, have you?" _ _ . n ‘

 “No, si}:-; dilt twageliying right here, replied the
‘boy, muc ‘s ur . «

. “I know it was: but it isn't there now,’ is it?”

..*No, sir." _ ’

At that moment Dais came forward.‘
"I beg your pardon, r. Colt, but I think I can
tellyou something about that bill,” she said.
A ‘I wish youtxould, if you know. I wasn’t aware
you were in e room. _ '
“I’ve been here about ten minutes, sir, and I
eaw“tIl)i‘at bilil_(liea_itre your de]s(k.(;'
ere i 1 go. as e

wonder. _ .
_  ‘At this moment it happens to be in Fi-ed’s

» fright-hand jacket ocket."_ _

, “What!” gas V the boy, with a look of re-

‘ preach at the pretty stenographer. .

" . Fred was standin close to the desk, so Mr. Co_lt
"reached over‘, put ‘his hand into the pocket in
question and drew out the bill with the Maltese

5 I? ‘to ‘I ' . ,r r
S A‘. Bugli he said, severely. “This looks bad for
man. .

g_ y gracious! I-Iow—could.it h8Ve 2017 "W0 my
rent?" exclaimed the thunderstruck messenger

t dismay. _
_ "¥l:re seems to be only one W_ay It 60.1113 ha“
jol,j~there——you must have Put It “I011 in 8 ﬁt
Ifabogent-mindednessﬂ‘  " ‘
2“-Never. sir?! anawerid Fred. earnestlv.
“Hopi!” reﬁlled the broker, i1icI',od13!0‘I8_1Y- _
 ' howsttjgittthere, paid*Daisy.
' u.  _ . ‘ ‘ p 5

. ’.

ﬁﬂ£ﬁW¢w4m,[|€?’i .» .v.. 713.

 
   
 

where is could have
on haven't any suggestion

 

‘Mr. (felt, in some

 

       

   
  
 

     

. I {returned the bill was

  

_ 2

POINTERS

“Then you saw Ticknor-take it, eh?" L

“No, sir. Fred was standing by the w_in(.ow
looking out'int0 the street at the time. Mr.
Elder came in here with a paper in his hand which “
he placed on your desk. He started back, picked
that bill up, ‘folded it, walked over and dropped
it into Fred’s pocket, and left the room. He had
no idea I was in here watching his actions. . I
think, sir it_ was a contemptible trick to get Fred
into trouble. If you will call Mr. Elder in here,
I will repeat my statement before his face, and
dare him to deny its truth.” -

Both Mr. Colt and Fred were astonished at the

_ turn ‘the case had taken.

“This is a very serious charge you are making
against Mr. Elder, Miss Dean,” said the broker,
regarding the stenographer attentively. ’

‘~ “I am not responsible for that gentleman‘:
actions,” she said. ﬁrmly. “If he chose to lower
himself by committing such an unworthy deed it
is my place at least, as a witness of the occur-
rence, to see that justice is done the innocent.”

“Hum!” said the broker. “Ticknor; will you tell
Mr. Elder that I wish to see him.”

red walked into the counting-room and up ‘to
the booltkeepefs desk. There wasblood in his
eye, but he controlled himself as well as he could.

It would have given him a heap of satisfaction
to have called the man a contemptible cur, and
have smashed him in the face.

“Never mind.” he breathed. “it’ll keep.”

Then out aloud he said: "Mr. Colt wishes to
see you.” '

 

3

Turning his back on the 1nan,,he returnedﬁo ' Z
the private otllce, followed by the bookkeeper, with ii‘?

a pen behind each ear.
“Mr. Elder, were you in my olhce while I was
out?” asked Mr. Colt, when the clerk entered the
room. '
“No, sir,” replied Elder, unblushingly. _ i
upidbyou se,e” Ticknor in here during my tempo-
rary a sence. ’
“Yes, sir.” answered the _bookkeever. glibly.
.‘t‘)Thlf.t’ IS, I saw him come out Just before you came
ac . —
 you see any one else in here about that
time.
“No, sir.” _ I
ﬂ“‘Ai-ehyou goslitiveqthere was no one else in have
0 er an ic nor.
“Yes, sir.”
“How do you know that?”

It

_ I was on the way to give you that paper'nUw_
lying on your desk, when I saw you leave the
room. I went to the whidow in the reception-room
to wait until you came back. While standing" .
there I saw Ticlmor come in and go into your
room. After a time he came out again and went
on through to the counting-room. You came in
at that moment‘ and I followed
you the paper‘.

room within the last half hour?”
‘Yes, sir.”  -V . » 
“I left a ten-dollar bill on my desk when I amt‘

out with the gentleman who it to  

gone. on i§‘t¢"
out where. itwent.’ ~ »   “ 

“Have you asked yumlonce My2~m’ﬁﬁkf§:

.~

  

 

you in and handed 
Y ._
“That was the only timeyon were irfiny private 

 
 

   

  
    
     

  

12'

know something about it as he was the only one
, , in our room.” '
 “hon are wrong on that point, Mr. Elder. There
93 was another erson in this room at the same time
Ticknor was ere."
“Another person?" almost the bookkeeper. “I
4'. did not.see——"
. “I am quite satisﬁed you did not see her," said
_ the broker, dryly. “Miss Dean, will you kindly
repeat in Mr. Elder-’s presence what occurred in
this office while you were here?”

Daisy told her story over again, and James
Elder’s face was a study during her recital of
his treacherous act.

V “Well, Mr. Elder, this is a serious accusation.
3' , What have you to say in your own defense?”

* “The young lady’s story is not true," said the
bookkeeper. desperately. “She is simply trying to
shield Ticknor, whom she thinks a great deal of.
They have been very thick for weeks past, and it
is only natural that ”

"Mr. Colt,” demanded the girl, with an indig-
nant ﬂush mantling her cheeks, “do you believe
my story, which I assert to be the absolute truth,
or do you believe that man's denial of the facts?
Look at his face. Is that the face of an honest

rson? Coward-like he is trying to give you a
gxflse impression of my friendship for Fred Tick-
nor. It is quite true that I like Fred very much
, . indeed. He is the brightest and smartest boy in
 ‘ Wall Street, and I am sure he is above a mean or

I dishonest action. I have no apology to make for
5 liking to. boy of his manly and generous nature."

-3. Daisy spoke with much spirit, and Fred cast a
' grateful glance at her. She gave Elder such a
Icornful look that the bookkeeper fairly wilted
under it.
If “ 1-. Elder, I am sorry to say that, your denial

» is very lame," said Mr. Colt. “The other day you
. came in to me and made a complaint against Tick-
 ,' nor, which shows that you are not on a friendly
L ’ 1 footing with the boy. Do you still deny the truth-
; ’ fulness of Miss Dean’s statement?"

‘~ V “You seem to be prejudiced against me, sir,"
replied the bookkeeper, in a low tone.

, , “I am bound to sa that I am inclined to believe

3 ' the evidence 'ven

. reason to don t her word. Ticknor ﬂatly denies
having touched the bill. How, then, did it get
“ _ into his pocket? Miss Dean offers an explanation

  

 _ " which incriminates you. In your denial your face '

' e and appearance contradicts your tongue. The
preponderance of evidence is clearly against .Vou.
. Whether you admit your gilt or not, I shall take
' -' no action’ on the matter, though it is a very dis-
* creditable affair for any man to be implicated in,
"for it was evidently not aimed at my interests, but
.. rompted by personal feeling on your part against
"giclmor. f you are really guilty it would be
 much more manly on your part to acknowledge
,- it and make an unreserved apology for your con-
-.’ duct to'Ticknor.' That is all I have to say."
7 .- “I decline to make any further statement,” re-
plied Elder, doggedly. . ,

V -. "Very well. You may return to your desk."

.#;'1";.,prefer to resign my position in your otfce,

' “Wei,-y’ well, Mr. Elder. You may ask the cashier
 "you up to the end of the week‘ Turn your
'1 eye: to Edwards-" V . V

    
 
 
  
  

   

y Miss Dean, for I have no’

   

/ in

CHASING POINTERS

James Elder walked out of the private room,
got his money and left the oflice for good. _

"If he hadn't left I should have waited in the
corridor for him this afternoon and forced him to
taking a picking or give me one," said Fred, in a
resolute tone to Daisy, later on. “He's a dirty
cur, and deserves no consideration."

“I am glad he has gone,’ for I could have had
no respect for him after this," she answered.

“It was a good thing for me that you were in
Mr. Colt’s room and saw the. whole thing, other-
wise I probably would have been in a bad box.
I wish to thank you for the way you stood up for
me, Miss Dean. It was generous of you. and I
shan’t forget it. My mother and sister will feel
grateful to you when I told them the story.”

“I did no more than my duty, Fred, and deserve
no thanks.”

CHAPTER X.—’I‘he Deal in D. W. & P.

The other clerks in the oﬂice were surprised at
the sudden departure of the bookkkeper, and as
they had an idea that Fred knew the reason of
his exit they took the ﬁrst chance to corner him
and ask questions on the subiect. Fred. however.
declined to injure his enemv’s reputation. and re-
ferred his questioners to Mr. Colt. course it
was absured to think any one of them would ap-
proach the boss on the matter. and so their curi-
osity remained ungratiﬁed. Three weeks after this
affair Fred discovered that-a combination had

been formed to control D. W. J: P., which ‘was V
and ,

then ruling at 72.

He immediately conﬁded the news to Dais
suggested that they combine their capi and
buy all the shares they could aﬁord. She con-

sidered the matter a while and ﬁnally consented» _ 7

to do it.
f‘I’m afraid you've made a speculator of me in
spite of all my good.resolutions," she laughed.
“Well, you have one advantage at any rate.

- Miss Dean," he said.

“What is that?”

.“You will be conneted with the luckiest boy in .
‘Wall Street,” he grinned.

“Well, I suppose there is something in that.

You do seem to be quite lucky in more ways than __

one."

“I certainly am. I was lucky to get out of that
ten-dollar bill scrape.”

_ “You were indeed. If I hadn't been a witness
in your favor, Mr. Elder. might have carried his
point.”

“That’s right," agreed the young messenger.
“How much money can you put into our pool, Miss
Dean?" .

“Twelve hundred dollars." , ‘

“And I’m going in for eight thousand dollars.’

“We ought to be able to get quite a little block
of D. W. & P. at 72." . ,

"‘Well, you bring down one thousand and eighty
dollars /tomorrow, that will make you good
one hundred and ﬁfty shares. . I'll put in seven
thousand two hundred dollars and collar one thou-
sand for myself. I’ll buy one thousand one hun-
dred and'ﬁfty shares as the deal.” »

.“Very well, ‘Fred, I'll havethe money on hantlf

she replied. _ M J ‘y 

for; 

    
  

  

‘ l ’ ‘Next morning she handed her little roll to Fred
"A and he made the purchase. Several days assed
‘before, there was any sign of a rise of m0 8 than

   
   
    
    
   
  

 one day the shares jumped unexpectedly to 7'7.
" “D. W. & P. is beginning to get a move on at
; last,” Fred told her, when he came into her den
f.~ with a bunch of work in his hand. _ .
 “I am delighted to hear it. I‘ was beginmng tg
.; fear that pointer you got hold of was a poor one.
‘_ “You needn't have any doubts about it, Miss
 Dean. I wouldn’t risk seventy—two hundred, dol-
’ lars unless I felt pretty sure of my ground.
Next day, however, Fred got a pretty good
scare. ~A hea bear movement was launched
' t D. W. & P., and the shares tumbled down
to('l0, or two points below the price at which he
had purchased the stock. He kept away from the
 ;)tenographer’s den, as he didn’t want to alarm
.  aisy.

;7——_ “If it goes down another point or‘two we'll be
_;called on for additional margin, and I don’t see
--.~_ how we’ll be able to raise even one per cent. I
7'» " fl'h't'.t t llf ’
 ».e"i’i‘.’s‘{'ai5’o”..°°a"‘§.’.'.gf3.°.isea1T ‘ft $.ﬁ’l‘.b‘é"e.?ng§ $5.2
 3;-e s"e‘3en!l:’y9-rlzfgd hundred dollars. but Daisy—I
‘. don’t like to think of it, for I induced her to go
7  into this thing.”

'37‘ ' He was nervous for the rest of the day. though
he became a bit reassured gvhen the ‘stock recov-
nred and went to 72 5-8 before the _Exchange
élIued.xTll:ei'i}k;ehadetl‘iecoura¢et0I'|1n1n8nd0e11

n . ‘
 mud‘ ﬁprid. I shan’t blame you iftliis
gag gags wrong," she said. laymg her hand re-
.'.;~hrin¢1y on ' arm. _“You’ll have. your own
tgggues, know. It is _no silly thing to lose
gsvgnty-two hundred dollars.”

7 Next morning D. W. 6': P. opened at 73, and by
 had gone up to 75.’ ' .
“1’liat’s better,” Fred told Daisy. - ~
4 ‘Perhaps you ought to sell and let Us make W113‘

weca.nout0_fit,"shesaid. ' _

V; y «no: replied" the boy. “I'll «me hun-
Q5 dredandﬁftyityousaysopbntlnlzoilztoseﬁ
..,* this out. make or break’? _ _ -

 -«nun I won’: 9.11. I m wklling to bank on your
.~ luck, one way or the other.

. §,:;‘.~'. _ ’W,' & P. 11 ctuated f r several days, but to
3:341. gatisfactitliln it invariably closed higher than
 day previous. When business shut down on
-lslaturtlay the stock was ruling at 80. On Monday
‘ he?an into Murphy, who had been in the
ﬁsospsm with a bad leg.
\-«Keno, Murphy," hewchuckled, “you’re like a
I  . ' 't 0“- V
‘ *9 ""'lioa§§3 mzan by, that?” asked Spencer
i ‘ ' a, messenger, suspiciously.
You’re*bound to turn up.’ »
V  ire awfully funny, _ain t you. If you had
giidajny leg you'd have grinned on the: other side
 face. ,_ f _ . '
Iaybe I .would. You had one satisfaction at
»rete.~:  l  ~ .

. . wasthaf

  

  

gent ._oa'ju6t 

CHASING POINTERS

"a point in the stock they had invested in, then‘

It's bad enough for me to lose -

  
    
  

gr ’ .
",,ai;hs'_;.h,ava to york for threavgnonths.

13
“I say so. ﬁpencer & Sysonby wouldn’t dock
you for being on the sick list." .

“You seem to know all about it.”

“Well, isn’t it a fact? ”

“What of it?”

“Nothing, except as I remarked you got your
pay for doing nothing while I had to hustle for
mine.” '

“I thought you liked to hustle?"

“So I do. By the way, you didn't hear that I
made sixty—ﬁve hundred dollars on D. & G. about
the time that leg of yours gave out, did you?"

“What are you givin’ me?"

“Givin’ you nothing. I’m only telling you a bit
of news.”

“Well, don't give me any such steer as that.”

“Don't you believe me?” '

“I should say not. How could you make sixty-
ﬁve hundred dollars on D. & G.?"

“By being on the right side of the market, of '

course."

“Where would you get the money to put up on
margin?"

“You didn’t know I carried a little dough-bag
of my own, did you?”

“No, I didn’t know it. You can't jolly me the

first day I'm out of the hospital. How's things on_

the Street since I’ve been laid up?"
“We’ve sla
Eheir ﬂeece is hanging up in a number of the of-
ces."
“It that all you know? That doesn't interest
me.

“That's all, Murphy. Ta-ta, I'm going down
Broad." and Fred darted of like a winged Mer-
cury. O .

“Well, he makes me tired about his winnin’
sixty-ﬁve hundred dollars on D. & G. What does
he take me for, anyway‘! He's a stall’, that’:
what he is."

He spoke the last sentence aloud, and a ycgﬁ 1

man standing near b , who had seen him
from Fred, caught
stepped up to him.

“Hello, Owen Murphy," he said in a friendly
way; “glad to see you back again.‘ What's been
the matter with u?" -

Murphy look
James Elder.
before, though each knew the other by sight.
Murphy was therefore surprised that the book-
keeper should speak to» him. He was a.lso.sur-
prised to see Elder on the street at that hour.
looking like a. gentlemen of leisure. when he
ought to be at work at his desk.

“Ain't you workin’ _for Mr. Colt any more?"  I: _

asked in some surprise. . 

“No. Left there some time 820.‘ and all an ac-
count of that lobster who just left you.’ »

I “Do you mean Fred Ticknor?"

“That's just who I do aiean."'

“What did __he do to you?" . * . «-
ca“He didﬂerbi: h to make me down on him a"
. t tuck hi te 1:! lot.
n°“I‘dunn¢‘>mas Ina; ‘ﬁle G ‘n

\

       

-rwamnhguamrumwnan 
“Heonglittobotake_ndownapegort_wo.' '
do you think?’ I ‘- \  ..

..‘ s
u

 

e words, and he quickly

kind o:a¥§i'.‘”‘imai~:
awholelotinoreﬂianheis." I

ughtered a few of the lambs and g

at the chap and recognized » I
Elder had never noticed Murphy '

. Now look here. Marsha 

 

   

     
  

. I ,1
“I think so, too," agreed Murphy. _,, -

:‘ ‘What’: the matter with you and me doing it?”
‘ ' suggested the ex-bookkeeper.

“How are we going to do it?"

“_Y;o’u leave that to me. Are you with me in

. “That depends on what you want me to do. I

don't want to get in no trouble. I'd like to get
square with him for the way he refused to divvy
when he found a pocketbook in the Mills Build-
ing some time ago.”

‘.‘Wouldn’t he divvy with '."’

“No. He went and hunted up the owner,‘and
then he wouldn't tell me whether he got anythin'
for handin’ it over. I'll bet he got a hundred

lunks. I ought to have got half of that," said
urphy in an aggrieved tone.

“Of course you ought, to have got half of the
reward. But that's just like him. I know him
better than you do. Now you stand in with me
and we'll get square with him together."

‘ “_I’_d like to know what you’ want to do to him
ﬁrst," said Murphy, cautiously.

“I haven't decided yet. I'll meet you in a day
. or two and let you know." _

j , ‘A “All Eight," replied the u_1_essenger, starting to
move 0 . '. -
“Don't let him know you met me or he'll sus-
pect something is in the wind. Do you under-
’ stand?" - ’
“I won't say a word,” Murphy assured him, and
then they separated.

“Nothing like having a. cat’s- w to do your
dirty work," chuckled James El er, rubbing his
hands together as he walked up Nassau street:

 

E5 . , '. .
CHAPTER XI.—-A Dandy Scoop.

 After Fred returned to the oﬁice from his Broad
street errand he had to hustle over to the Ex-
change with an important note to a broker who
“attended to Mr. Colt’s business on the ﬂoor. When
hearrived there he found that there was a good
deal of excitement around the D. W. & P. stand-
_ard. Some announcement had been made -H1
,1-eference.to the road that had caused a rush on
the part of many brokers to get some of the stock
which suddenly appeared to be scarce, and as a

cdnsequence spirited bidding for the shares sent .

‘the. price booming. _

As Fred stepped up to the rail and asked for
‘the broker he wanted to deliver the note to, one
/tliousand shares of D. W. & "P. exchanged hands
.,at.88. Fred, when he saw the quotation posted
by the board, felt like standing on his head from
.‘“ii|ry joy, for it showed him to be something like
‘ E thousdnddollars ahead’ of the game. ”
V . ‘ y will be tickled to death when I tell her,
,. «iaidfto himself. _ _’

Be wasigust as pleased to think the girl was
‘making. a aul as he was to make one himself.
-There’ was «a sort of high jinks on the ﬂoor that

ad  lodges theprscedinz night and'son_se

‘ _ [ full at the Old Nick in spite of their
 31;; rise of D. W._.& P. and other
I  They showed in a variety of ways that

       

 

   nohiilite sow"

 

 

CHASING POINTERS ; .

“They're a gay lot,” mused Fred, as he watched
some of the antics that occurred under his a -
while he was waiting for an attendant to ﬁnd is-

A great many of the brokers had at-’

    

 

man an bring him to the rail. “It would be
worth as ‘much as his life for an outsider to get
in on the ﬂoor this morning. They wouldn't do
a thing to him.”

At this point the broker came up and Fred
delivered his note.

“All right,” was the answer he got, and he left
the howling scene behind.

As soon as he got back to the office he rushed
in to Daisy to tell her that D. W. & P. had reached
88 and was to all appearances bound to go much
higher.

“Isn't that grand!” she exclaimed. “Your. luck
clings to you, I see."

“An you're getting a slice of it. If I was only
five years older I'll bet you'd be setting your

/7

‘cap for me," he grinned.

“You ridiculous boy!” she cried, throwing a
light ruler after him as he vanished through the

, doorway.

D. W. & P. closed.at 90 that‘ day and opened
at 90 1-8 in the morning. Half the brokerslon
the floor seemed to be making a play for the
stock, and those who held it were not letting much ,
of it out. By noon D. W. & P. -was the center of
a whirlwind of perspiring traders, and as -high
as 98 was offered with few takers. Fred dropped
in with a note about half-past twelve, and he could
not remember-when he had ever seen such an.. -*
uproar outside of a panic. D. W. & P. had reached _
100 3,8 and the excitement was terriﬁc. ‘ ’ ‘
The boy himself was thrilled not only by the
scene but by the realization that if he cashed in
at that moment he would win ‘a matter of $28,000.
He was fascinated by the scene before him. Even ’
as he stood there, 500 shares of the stock were .
sold at 101. ’ .7;
“My gracious! How high is it going? At the
rate it is jumping it will be up to 110 or 112 by ~
three o'clock. Will the ‘stock stand it? -Suppose. A
a screw would~suddenly work loose‘! Suppose
somebody should ‘all at once begin. dumping big
blocks on the market. what would hanpen? If a
panic shouékaet in Daisy and I would be swamped
in the shu .’J ‘ ' — '
A sale of eight hundred shares were just then
recorded at 102. ‘ '
- “Why, I'm worth two thousand dollars more
than when I came in here ﬁve minutes ago,” he
breathed. “I can't stand this. I'm making money .
too fast to be sure'it’s real. I am going to sell
right away and make sure of what is in sight." _ 
As soon as he delivered his message, which..t6ok ’ ‘ v_ ‘
time on account of the mix-up on the ﬂoor, he
made for the door as fast 51% he coud go, and V .
dashed for Nassau street. I seemed as if he * ‘
couldn't reach the little bank soon enough?‘ ' ?=  ‘
“What is D. w. a P. going at now?’-he asked‘ ll 
the margin clerk. ' ' ' " ~
“Why don't youlook at the tape?” asked the 1
margin clerk.’ - ‘ ‘
. “I can't get within a mile of the ticker. Look -,
at that mob around it.” ' V
“You own some shares, don't you?"
“Yes,” replied Fred, ‘‘El_even'—i‘lfty.'‘ . ; , 
“Well, itﬁs my opinion you"d better sell before '
something happaas.?.'._. > - »  ~ 

 

 

. Mn’.

   

 

    
   
   
 
 
    
    

CHASING
 ‘‘That’s what I came here for-. Here's my mem-
oi-andum. Just close me out at the market price
right away. If I hold on any longer I’ll go clean
'dafy.”,

"They’ll be sold inside of five minutes,” Telllied
the clerk, going to the telephone to communicate
with the bank’s representative at the Exchange.
_ ‘When Fred reached the ofﬁce the indicator there
’was ticking prices off like mad, and an excited
" throng was around it. ‘Every little while one of
the crowd would rush up to the margin clerk and
order some stock sold, and then Walk away with
a look of relief on his face. _

 “I’ve sold out, Daisy," cried Fred, rushing into
the stenographer’s room. “I beg your pardon-.-

‘ red Vface. .

“Don’£ apologize, Fred,” laughed the girl. “I
have no objection’ to you calling» me Daisy since
we’re paitners,_you know. What did you sell at?”
, “Blessed if‘I know. I told the clerk to close
us out at the market: ﬁgure. The last sale I
-heard of was eight hundred at 102.”

.-"Why, that is thirty dollars a share over what
we paid for it.”
’ “That’s right.
of money out of this rise - _ ’
‘ “And somebody else willwhave to lose it to make
that proﬁt good.” . _

The statement that Fred received in the next
:morniiig’s mail showed that his. D. W.  P. shares
a had been sold at 102 3-8, thus giﬁng him a proﬁt
 of thirty thousand dollars. Daisy’: one hundred
 and ﬁfty shares netted her forty-ﬁve hundred dol-

lars.

Some people will make a raft

    
  
  
    
 
 
  
   

. “Are you satisﬁed, Miss Daisy?" he asked her,
gifter ﬁguring up what was due theyouiig lady.
’ ‘fPei-fectly," she replied. “I am quite a capital;
list now, bein .worth ﬁfty-seven hundred dollars.
’ “Don't let it_ get into the newspapers, or you’ll
jjeswamped with olfers of marriage and proposi-
~ T“t_ions from promoters of allkinds of enterprises
'  would ike to use your money in their busi-
'_»_,,_ iiess.” grinned Fred. , _
’;.\ Daisy laughed and resumed her work. Whlch
was a quiet hint to the boy to return to his duties
2 in‘ the reception-room. - . 

 

CHAPTER XII.—gFoul Play.

‘I-“"\‘cl.’{e1l,iiBess,” so Fred that night, when he and
_"*==***-'='- M ?‘“‘’1i . ....**‘°“:*::.z;::.'*;,.2:.°..:°'.=.:
cover the other day.” ‘_ _‘ - '
,, “Did; 2' she answered. growing mteregted at
moilcé. » must have been a vgmner. iudzmz by
“  happy face  evening. .1
I (‘Bet your life it was a winner. .
 mtail about it. How did you come to
 it?” ;  -
’; Fred" informed her. A, - - ‘
.é"‘l'}1ought a thousand shares on the strenuth
  wgg .3 19:. ﬂow much did you have
V‘ V_ ‘_'_. '.‘,ix'V~*.,
 P. ndiwoinndmd-T‘ ~ . . I
' . h;,».d9gi.’t,:-9’ 4'”? ml! -1.1

 
  
  

     

FOINTERS

ll . Miss Dean, I mean," ‘he corrected _himself with a _

.and soon ‘after the

V,., ... 17-” M _. .

 

15 ’ E?

that money. Suppose the stock had gone down in— .
stead of up, you would have lost all your capital.”

“That’s a chance you must take in Wall Street; ‘
but I believed I had a pretty sure thing, and the
result proved I was right. I sold out yesterday
at thirty points and a fraction advance, con-
sequently I’m thirty thousand dollars richer to-
day than I was two weeks ago.” —

“Thirty thousand dollars!” exclaimed Bessie, Q,
thinking he was joking.

“Yes, Bess. Here is a certiﬁcate of deposit
showing my present ﬁnancial standing at the‘
bank,” and he showed the paper which represented
the bank’s obligation to pa; Fred Ticknor the
sum of thirty—eight thousand dollarson demand.

That Bessie was amazed goes without saying.

“Why, if you keep on this way you'll be a
millionaire some day,” she said. -

“I’ll be satisﬁed with less, but if it comes my
way I’m not going to, let it get by me,” grinned
her brother.

_ “Are you going to tell mother? She has no
idea you’re worth more than a few hundred.” ‘

“I’m. afraid it might’ ive her an attack of heart . _
failure,” chuckled Fre .

“We _might break the news to her gently,” ‘-
laughed his sister.

“Well, you can give her a hint that I’m making
money in the market, and maybe after a while
I’ll let her know the real facts." ‘

“I heard her telling Mrs. Smith, in the flat
across the hall, the other night, what a smart boy
you are, and how she expected that some day , -
you'd be a Wall Street broker yourself.”

“Stranger things than that have happened. i
There are quite a number of successful traders
downtown who once were poor messenger boys.”

Next morning when Fred was crossing W
Street toward Broad he saw Murphy on the cor-
ner talking to a man whom he recognized as
James Elder. He saw the ex-bookkeeper pass
Murphy something that looked like a pocketbook,
but owing to the distance he couldn’t tell exactly. '
That afternoon when he "started for lunch he
found Murphy standing down at the door smoking
a cigarette. J

“Goin’ to lunch?” asked Murphy, carelessly. , -N

“Yes,” re lied Fred.‘ _ ,_,-'

“Then I’l go with you.’ ~ '

Fred had no objection to his com any,-as they
often went together to the same qui -lunch house
on lower Broad street. So they walked along t:o~
gether, Murphy doing all the talking, and trying, . ’
to interest Fred in his favorite topic. .At'last =’
they reached the restaurant and entered. A heavi~_ ,
ly bearded man, who had been standing for some ‘ ‘
time in front of the restaurant, followed them in- *
side and himself into a seat alongside
of Fred. urphy took the stool on, the other ;
side of his companion. The place was pretty well '7
crowded. There were tables at the back for ladies,» . ’
_ boys had-taken their stator”
Daisy Dean entered. , . ~ ‘

A8  down to a vacant chairghor
eyes noticed Fred and Murphy, whom she, know

 

   
     
    
   

      
      
  

         
 
    
  

     

as Spencer & Syson 3 messenger. Ea
to eejn theircdi ‘after  has
, she saw" aka  

    
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
 
   
    
    
 
    
   
  
 
   
   
   
    
    
 
  
   

his pocket next to the bearded man. She thought
that- was a funny thing for Murphy to do, and
at once _suspected that be playing some joke on
his companion. She decided to tell Fred as soon
as she returned to the office. The boys ﬁnished
their lunch and started for the pay, counter. As
they did so the bearded man jumped down from
_his stool, put his hand into his pocket and started
after them.  '
“Not so fast, young man,” he said, putting his
. hand on Fred's shoulder. “I'll trouble you for
my pocketbook." '
“Your cketbook!” exclaimed Fred, in astonish~
. ment. “ ‘hat do you mean?" '
‘ “Oh,/you know what I mean well enough,” re-
plied the man in a loud voice, which attracted im-
mediate attention. “You’re a sneak thief, and
Pm going to have you arested.”
__.iY.ou must be crazy, replied Fred, indignantly.
‘ “What’s the trouble?” asked the manager of
the restaurant. forcing his wav through the crowd
that was beginning to collect around the bearded
man and the two boys.
_ “This young rascal has stolen my pocketbook,"
replied the accuser, vehemently. W
“I guess you're off your perch.” retorted Fred.
‘angrily.
“How do you know he took your pocketbook.
replied the manager. who knew Fred by sight as
a regular customer. , I ,
“How do I know it? He sat alongside of me,
and as he got down off his stool I felt him brush
against me. I put my hand in my pocket and
found my wallet gone. so I know he must have
taken it. Call an oﬂicer and have him searched.”
_ “What kind of a pocketbook was it ?” asked the
" manager.
" ‘fit was a red morocco one. with my name.
John Thomas. stamped upon the flap." _
V “You'd better turn your pockets outto ‘satisf y
this man." said the manager to Fred. V
~i ‘I think this is an outrage." objected the boy.
his face blazing with indignation. “My name is
Ticknor. and I work for Colt & Co., of No. ——
Wall Street. It is ridiculous to charge me with
such a thing as steaiing a pocketbook.”
"That's right.” interposed Murphy at this point.
“I know him. and he wouldn’t steal nothin'."
“I believe you're his,pal.” roared the bearded
,, man.‘ “and are just‘ as bad as. he is."
“I'll prove you're a liar." said Murphy. “Here's
- Va, broker. outside I know. I'll bring him in to
prove who we are." n
Thus speaking. Murphy made his way out of
eerowd and . ’ for the street. When he
I: there he made tracks for Wall Street. leaving
’ to his own resources. The bearded man in
the meanwhile insisted that Fred be searched.

 

-undertook to do that himself. feeling
__ the ‘whole thing was. a mistake.
 y noticed I policeman outsideand called
-. in junta: the manager pulled the red_ morocco
-wallet on of Fred's pocket. A ‘

  d
iﬂpqp s'i_§'3 you'll and a gave-dollar bill and some
"'W*‘  rm yum‘
,  FlodiyIas.lttc1e~:ton.i'iilxed‘:I.ilc.1.duss-

   

 'CI1KSI'i~.i‘G iP‘o'I"N'rE'Rs;

and as the easiest way out of the’ trouble the -

id I tell you 1"’ roared the bearded man._/A '
my name is on it.

I.

 

.' 3ﬂv'_

“What's t-he matter here?" asked the officer,
forcing his way through the mob. ‘

“Oﬁicer. that boy stole my pocketbook. and I
want him arrested,” said the bearded man. insis-
tently.

“What have you to say for yourself. young
man 1”’ asked the surprised manager. “How came
this man’s wallet in your pocket ?" 0

“I have no idea how it got there." replied Fred.
ﬂushed and confounded by the unfortunate cir-
cumstance. “All I know is that I didn't take it."

The crowd. none of whom knew the boy. were
satisﬁed of his guilt the moment the pocketbook
was produced and identiﬁed by its owner.

“I’ll have to take you to the station, young
fellow,” said the cop. “You must go along and
make a charge‘ against him.” ~
‘ “I'll do it,” said the accuser, nodding his head"

_ vigorously. -

“Stand back there!” cried the policeman.to the
crowd, as he began to push Fred toward the door

and the sidewalk. Everybody was jostled about.‘

and a stout man. in an endeavor to get clear of
the mob, accidently struclr the boy's accuser a
sliding blow in the face with his big elbow. One
of the buttons on his coat-sleeve caught in the
man’s thick bear. and off came the false whiskers
as clear as if a cyclone ‘had shaved him. Fred,
ltheoﬂicer and several of the people saw the acci-
dent. and the boy recognized the disagreeable
countenance of his enemy. James Elder.

With an. exclamation of surprise Fred made a
grasp at the exebooklceener.

The fellow. htlbeveruseeinz that he was ex-
posed. pushed his way through the doorway
and dashed around the corner of Beaver street;
Fred wrenched himself from the oﬂicer and
started after him. The cop himself and some.of
the crowd followed after. Elder. however. man-
aged to elude pursuit and escaped.

“That was a pu_t-up job on‘ me. officer.” said . I
Fred, when the policeman reached his‘ side. “That a

chap was formerly employed by Mr. Colt. my
boss. and lost his ‘situation through a dirty trick
he tried to play on me. He thought he'd get me
into trouble through this pocketbook scheme. and
might have succeeded in putting meto a lot of
shame and trouble only that his disguise came
oﬂ'. I'm going‘to put this thing’ into the hands
of a detective and see if I can’t have himarrested
and punished.”

CHAPTER XIII.-—Fz-ed Buys Some

Worthless '
Shares. « . ,

He found Daisy in her room looking the picture A.

of distress. She jumped up and ran to him as
soon as she saw him. , -

“Oh. Fred! What was all the. trouble about
at the restaurant. I heard people say that ‘you
were accused of stealing a pocketbook.
if you would do such a thing! _

(Ii-Ie rehearsed the incident from beginning to
en . ,

“‘Did you say ibwas a red poeketbook..Fred?’
“Yes. a red Morocco one."

“Well. Fred. I've got -something to tell“  I 7‘ "

I'm satisﬁed it was your friend Murphy put
wallet in your pack‘.-" * ‘  wt" 
.» g . »,,.' -n u g‘:*..‘!- . .
 {Np

  

 

Just as

, “So you -see. Daisy. that rsscal.'James Elder, It '
we! at the bottom of the whole,thing." ' ‘

    
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
 
   
    
  
 
 
  
  

hy!" exclaimed Fred, in some astonish-

es. I was in the restaurant while you boys
there. I saw Murphy reach around your
and drop what looked to me like a red Doc-
” into the right-hand pocket of your

t’s the pocket it was found in.”

"ii I thought he tapped the bearded man

,, sat alongside of you on the arm, but I am

4' sure. I'm afraid Murphy is no friend of
. I

believe you’re,right.” said Fred. f‘I remem-
now I saw
hig onthe corner of Broad street. and I saw
_ pass something into his hand which he put

. his pocket. Well, that settles Murphy and
for keeps. and it's not unlikely he hasn’t
the end of the matter yet. I'm going to hire
— tive to catch Elder. and when he gets to
.Murphy may be called on to make an ex-
ti ,

onr.

- waited ,for Murphy ‘that afternoon: The
seemed to be surprised to see Tickn_or.

2 been his impression that Fred was behind

‘av-

rs.

ell, Murphy, what have you to say for
xv 1" asked Fred. with a stern countenance.
ii I got into trouble about that pocketbook
sneaked.” _ _

started to get somebody to identify you,”
..~.. Kurphy, shamefaeedly. _
_h. you did," answered 'l‘_icknor, sarcastic-

» ‘ I did. How did you get out of it?”
. act out of, it all right. Now how are you
- tosquare yourself?" - _
y y do you mean?" asked Murphy with a
- - look.
ow much did you get from James Elder for
x - that wallet-in my n_ocket'!” _
. didn’t give me .nothin’," replied Miirphy

it. ~ .

. Dean, our stenographer. was in the res-

t when we were there. and she distinctly

you take .a red pocketbook from your pocket

not ‘it into the right-hand pocket of my
pr . .

‘s a lie!’ roared Murphy. ‘_
Ml right.‘ Just as soon as Elder ‘is arrested
going to have you up in court, too. You’ve
'  3 dirty trick on me and I’m_rgoing to make
sswcat for it." ,. _ ' 4
. turned on his heel. leaving Murphy dazed
.f ' htened; Next day Fred told Mr. Colt
pocketbook affair. and the broker was
iiaeenscd against his late bookkeeper. I-Io
Ticlmor that he would get ~one'of the Wall
detectives to look after James Elder. and
'  help put the rascal throuit.h- '1‘h8_t $3139
- .. Fred heard Mr. Colttell a big cus-
’.ehgti£hewantodtoinakeasafc dealhe

mt

whether hqhadn’t be tar buy some of the
himself. At the first chance he got he
v ’ and had a tslkxwith Daisy about the
.  gf 3 use of. the pointer.

"~ial‘.&.K. "» ' 

£13.’ ”

ruling at,» Fred $1.
itvwould“ be safe ifyiou didn’t use oyer

,,a\.

' CHASING POlNTERSk‘

Murphy talking to Elder.this_

'-A ;_¢vjuhimto_buy L. &ll.sharec.and\,hold,

.~.. . » .
,:.. »_. __ . .

\

17

“That’s my opinion. Are you with me in this ‘."’

Daisy made some calculations on a pad.

“I’ll bring enough money down for you to
buy me three hundred shares. That will leave
twenty-three hundred dollars leeway to make
good any additional margin if the stock should
go down a bit."

“All right. I’ll risk the purchase of two thou-
sand shares.’{

He got the shares for himself and Daisy next
day at 113. In two days the shares went up to
115. During the ensuing week L. & M. went up
slowly by eighths until it roosted at 120. Then
Fred told Daisy that he intended to sell at that
ﬁgure. .

Accordingly Fred sold out next morning ‘at
120 1-8. His proﬁt on the deal amounted to
thirteen thousand ﬁve hundred dollars, raisingﬂiis
capital to ﬁfty-one thousand five hundred dol-
lars. He took the five hundred dollars home and
presented it to his mother as a birthday gift. A
few days afterward he met George Bates. the
big operator, "on the street.

“Hello, Ticknor.” he said. “I'm glad to see you.
Why haven’t you been around to my oﬂice? You’
promised to call. and it’s more than six months
since I had the pleasure of making your ac-
quaintance.” '

“I didn’t want tobother you, sir, as I under-
stand you’re a busy man.”

“Oh, nonsense! I’m busy. of course. I have
large interests which take up a great deal of
my attention, but still I have ‘a few moments to
give to my frian How are you getting along‘?
You're looking ﬁrst-class.’

“I'm getting on.all right. sir.”

“Well, drop in and see me between three and
four some day soon.”

“All right. sir: I will.” ’

_ That eveningjafter supper. while_F red was sit-
ting in the dining-room reading the sporting edi-
tion of an afternoon paper. there came a knock
on the door. Bessie answered the summons and
admitted a lady who lived on the floor below. She
had a ‘bundle in her hand done up in old news-

' papers.

“I hope I am not intruding,” said the lady»
whose name was Parker. '

“Not at all.’ replied Bessie. “Sit right down.
Mother will be back in a few minutes. She step-
Ded across the hall to see Mrs. Smith.”

“Very well, my dear. The purport of my visit
is this. Your brother. I understand. is employed
in a broker's office in Wall Street. I have some
shares‘of mining stock here that my husband
took in satisfaction of a debt several years ago.
I don't know whether they‘re worth anything or
not. We haven't looked at them for a long time.
My husband tried to dispose of them when he got ,
theuiﬁrst, but nobody would buy them at more
than a few. cents a share, and so we kept them.
We are going‘ to‘ move to New Jersey soon and.
as we need all the money wc,caii get. I thought I .
ulriould fee if I can realize something on these
a arcs. '

"What‘are the shares, Mrs. Parker?” aslued

. Fred. very noliteli‘.

 uuilmth bundle. opened I‘
and handed the‘ g . ‘tn the her.  V

' glanced mrervthe too onc.._ It.-was: certiﬁcate Q 

‘.0

   

*2

?

  

‘they were all agreed that the

. about them in a day or two. One afte

‘ - "Building insxeaanze Place. _
r operatorvhawened to .be at leisure. and he cor-

    

--.. _~--v_~_ --cm.-.;.~..,».,_ ‘ . ,- —

one thousand shares of the Paradise. Gold ‘and
Silver Mining Company, of Tonopah, Nevada, par
value ﬁfty dollars per share. There were ﬁfteen
certiﬁcates in the bunch. each calling for one
thousand shares.

“This is Western mining stock, ma’am.” said
Fred. “I have no idea what it is worth, but I
will try and ﬁnd out for you ‘to-morrow.”

“I shall consider it a great favor if you will,”
replied the lady. gratefully.

Fred made a note of the name of the mine‘
and its location in his memorandum book and
promised to attend to the_ matter. He then re-
wrapped the stock and handed the package back
to her. ' V

“I hope it is worth something," she said, “for
we iieed the money.” ‘ '

Next day Fred asked Mr. Colt about the stock.

“What did you say its name was?” asked the
broker. ,

“Paradise Gold and Silver Mining Company.”

“I've got a block of ten thousand shares I’d be
glad to sell for ten cents if I could get it.” said
Mr. Colt. “It's been in mv safe these three
years.” _

.“You've no idea what it is actually worth, sir ?"

“It isn’t worth anything to speak about, as
there is no market for it. It was taken off the
Western exchanges two years or more ago. How
many shares does the’ lady own ?”

“She ‘has ﬁfteen-thousand shares.”

“Well, I wouldn't give a cent a share for it.”

Fred’ asked several other lirpk s-about it, and
rtiﬁcates were
little better than waste paper. . - ‘ I
. The boy called on Mrs. Parker that evening
and reported the result of his. investigations. ’ She
‘seemed greatly disappointed._ _

“I had calculated on getting something for it,
if only one h dred dollars. We really are in
pressing need 0 that amount of money.”

. She spoke so earnestly that Fred felt sorry for
her. ,

“Well. Mrs. Parker, I’ll take them of your
hands at a cent a share-and run the risk of losing
my money," he said. after a little reﬂection. “It
is possible I may some clay ﬁnd a customer for
them. but that is hardly likely. unless they should
be relisted on the exchanges. which will not hap-
pen without some good reason.” _

Mrs. Parker said she would be glad to dispose
of the certiﬁcates for one hundred and ﬁfty dol-

. lars.,. and so next evening Fred brought the money

‘home with him and paid for the stock.

CHAPTER XIV.—-A Desperate Fix. ,

Fred put the shares in histrunk and forgot all
_ moon he
calledon Mr.'B_ates at his oﬁce in the Vanderpool
The big millionaire

dull welcomedth bo. Inthecourseoftheir
cenvirsation Mr. Beatuy drew out, the fact that

I ;.I'ret§.had used that_ﬁv_e hundred dollars which he

the. on-

the  rem out

 

CHASING POINTERST

“the Westernexclianxa. and a
_,  centsva share.” 

.-»..:

 
   
  
  
    
   
   
    
    
  

“You were fortunate. Ticknor,” he said, with a‘ .»
smile; “very fortunate indeed. And what  _
you do wtih the eleven hundred dollars?" 

“Well. sir, I gave two hundred dollars to my“;
mother and ﬁfty dollars to my sister. and the:
greater part of the balance I shortly -after in-1;
vested in L. & S. shares on the customary mar- 

gin. ..
“With what result?” [asked Mr. Bates, in an "
interested tone. ‘
“I was-lucky again, sir. You see. I bought ﬁfty
shares at 90 and thirty more at 94. The stock. I
got a boom on and I sold at 112 5-8, clearing‘;
sixteen hundred and fifty dollars.” L 
“You certainly did remarkably well. Di(l you’ '
do any more speculating?” '

“Yes, sir. I heard one day that there was,
going to be a rise in D. & G., so I invested in ,1:
three hundred shares of the stock at 65, sold at-:
87, and made sixty-ﬁve hundred dollars clear.” ='

“That ﬁve-hundred-dollar bill seems to have".
been the cornerstone of luck for vou.” ‘‘

“Yes, sir." -

“Was that your last deal?" - 

“No, sir. Shortly afterward I bought one tliou—'.4%
shares shares of D. W. & P. at 72, and I held on ‘f;
until it went to 102 5-8. I made thirty thousand 
dollars on that. spec.” gs;

Mr. Bates whistled. 

“It seems to me you're the young wonder of
Wall Street. What else have you been guilty of‘;
in that line '."’ _ ‘ 

“Well.” smiled Fred, “I bought two thousand
L. & M. the other day and cleared nearly*four- —‘
teen thousand dollars." __ ‘ . “

“Say. Ticknor, that isn’t a ghost story you're
giving me. is it?” ‘ « _

“No, sir. It's the honest truth.” 

“What other deals have you been engaged int}? ._
. “That's all." ' ’ ' '

“That's all, eh? Upon my word, it’s enough,
I think; for a boy your years inside of six months. :
And all the time you were attending to your
regular work as messenger for Mr. Colt 7"

“Yes, sir._" 

“Marvelous! You are a born speculator. truly. i_
May I ask how much you are worth. if it is a 
fair question 1'” I

“Something like fifty-on thousand dollars. not .
speaking of about ﬁftee thousand shares ofwg
Paradise Gold & Silver Mining shares, which 
no particular value.” V _ 

“Have you ﬁfteen thousand shares of thIt;:~‘.‘2

 
 
     
   
  
  
  
 
 

To_nopah stock 1'" exclaimed the operator. in  pi-‘
prise. , 
“I have." : fi
“How came you to get it?” * :3
Fred told him “$5
2

“I advise you to hold on to it. young man. It '_.
will be worth anywhere from twenty-ﬁve’ eentsffi
to one dollar a share inside of six months." _ 

“How do you know that. sir?" asked Fred.
§ll!’ﬂ!'ISe." », ' 4

“I have reason to knowthat it will.
don’t. let this go any further. for I have:
you this information in conﬁdence. -In.
months the Paradise m.ine_.will 

a price

  
   
    
  
       
  

z

  

  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
 
  
  
    
    
   
    
    
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  

I I guess there isn’t any doubt now that
o luckiest boy in Wall Street."

on certainly are."

Well, I lrnow where there are ten thousand
' hares of Paradise stock. Would you advise
try and buy them?”

all means. You ought to be able to see
. or a song. I’ve bought all I could ﬁnd In
"-« ty at less than _ﬁve cents a share. I'll give

 cents a share for that block you speak

V‘ N‘ "if you get it, but it will pay you better to

' " yourself." '

_ ‘ you, sir. I guess I can aﬁord to hold it
, -« able to induce the owner to part with it.”
. day Fred told Mr. Colt that he thought

stock if he was willing to let it go for
3, is 3 share; ’ .
‘ = ‘ broker shook his head. _
» ' -accept two and a half cents a share for it,
:11: lower." _ ‘
day or two Fred brought him two hundred
a’ liars and took the stock. It was about
 that our hero got on to the fact that
1 --:te'was being formed to boom D. & _L.
_spent several days investigating the tip,
 found out very little. Thos_e on the inside
Q not ‘giving away any of their plans to the

 had ' customary confabs with Daisy
subject, ut couldn't make up his mind
to go into a deal in the stock or not,
_ ' riding the apparent value of his pointer.
pt a close eye on D. & L. and in a short
began to forge ahead. After it had
.-’from 89 to 95, Fred concluded.to_buy
’ thousand shares, and Daisy.wen1_: in it to
.  of ﬁve hundred shares with him. . That
' it rose to 98, and two days later it was
at_.105. .

' loolts like another lucky deal,” he told
‘ ographer. —~ . ‘h

.\ nodded her head and kept on with _er
"tor she was very busy "Rt 53% lI8V1n8'

chair in .the waitinig-room and began W
air-castles about his future prospects.
about thirty thousand ahead ao'fai'_on
._ gn fact, I may even double my capital
. the hundred thousand mark. .If the
- . w I had taken that amount out of the
’ they'd have a' ﬁt and would beg"! Hutu“!
ilrtaoi onmetotryandgetitback
wen, i mustn't halloa before I get out of
» haven't‘ made the hundred thousand

ﬁn,  -couple of well-dressed men en-
- omee. One of them carried a_ small
_hather hand-bag. .He. asked If Mr.

" --‘Z ‘ Frea,1 1:‘ h rd at the
g:i."..:'.iii.‘£ ar"anoth:ruh: diad\not like

lilac to not hum.’ ." V -

 and business?”
.. .  3.3,. gag. we are strangers to
 hywevgr. is to dispose of

 

 

ﬁnd him a purchaser for his stock of _

= several new customers.‘ Fred went back.

 

CHASING romrsns ‘ e I 19

“Very well. sir; I will tell him.” . _

Mr. Colt,‘ not being busy. said he would see the
visitors. and so Fred showed them into the pri-
vate olﬁce. Fred thought nothing more about
them until he saw one of the men come out
with a paper in his hand. which he carried over
to the cashier's window.

“Mr. Colt has bought their bonds.” he .thought._

The cashier happened to be out at the moment,
and the visitor had to wait until he returned to
his den. The man seemed to be very nervous
and impatient, and drummed with his ﬁngers on
the window ledge. Fred was standing near the
‘ticker. with the tape in his ﬁngers, and the nerv-
ous movements of the men attracted his notice.
Finally the man out his hand to his hip pocket
to draw‘ out his handkerchief, and the boy saw
the polished butt of a revolver sticking out.

“Gree!” breathed Fred. “tlﬁt chap is well heel-
ed. If a cop saw what I did just now he'd run
him in. and the magistrate would soak him ten
dollars ﬁne for carrying a concealed weapon.’

A couple of customers came in and went di-
rectly to the ticker. so Fred withdrew. The
cashier now appeared, and the man with the
concealed revolver pushed the paper through the
window to him. He looked at.it. laid it on his
desk and went to the safe. Fred saw him count-
ing out a big wad of bills. Just then the cashier
called him over to the window. '

- “Take this money in to Mr. Colt," he said to
Fred. _ -

“But I want that money,” objected the visitor
at the window. “I handed you an order for it."

“I know you did, sir," replied the cashier: “but
as it is rather unusual. for us to pay out such I
large amount in cash. I prefer to send it directly
to Mr. Colt, who will. of course. pay it over to
youhimself.”

“Very well." replied the man. grufly. “Give it
to me and I will take it in to him.”

“That is unnecessary.’ replied the cashier. "The
oﬂlee boy‘ will take it. It is part of his busi-
ness.” . '. ’

As he passed the money through the window
to Fred it looked for a moment as if the stranger
intended to snatch it. Such was probably his first
intention. but he reconsidered it and followed
closely on Fred's heels as the boy went toward
the private oﬂlce. Fred opened the door and en-
tered the room. A startling tableau met his gaze
and paralyzed him for the moment.

The other caller, who had remained in the pri-
vate_ room. while his companion went to the
‘cashier's window with the order for the money the
lad held in his hand. was standin beside the
broker's desk with a revolver poin at his head.
He uttered an oath when he saw Fred enter
the room. and the _boy was about to cry on when
the man_behind him closed the door quick it and
seized him. pressing one hand over his month.
In the ‘scuffle that ensued. deadened by. the thick
~1'I1R ’on the ﬂoor. Fred dropped the money. _ . ‘

Tthen the villain holding Fred exclaimed to his
par net: i ‘

“Pick it up. and we'll be on as soon as I click!
this kid into -unconsciousness, Give your man

Fred heard the words and felt the this’:
hand creeping around tothis throﬁa ' 
A , __ . . . ‘V — . -

a up over the had with thebutt of your gum"; 
0 ," _

.. ~41"

 

  

  

  “Pshawl
‘ ,5 The market had

 

.20 ‘I E

his strong ﬁngers into his captor’s throat. The
fellow uttered a cry of pain and mechanically
released the pressure on the boy’s mouth.
“Crack the young imp on the head before he
'yel‘1s out!” hissed the discomﬁted rascal.
Fred squirmed around the man to save’ him-
. self, and as he did so his hand came into contact
’ with the butt of the revolver sticking out of the
chap’s hip pocket. It happened to be a self-
cocker, and as Fred’s ﬁngers slipped around the
trigger as well as the butt, in pulling it out the
hammer rose and fell under the pressure, and the
unexpected explosion which followed nearly stim-
ned the boy. whose head was within a few inches
of the muzzle. The man himself uttered a cry
and fell to the ﬂoor. for the bullet had entered his
thigh, while Fred staggered to his knees with the
_smoking pistol in his hand.

CHAPTER XV.—Conclusion.

’ The report of the revolver, coupled with the
man's cry, ed the entire office, and even
attracted notice in the corridor outside. The
cashier and two of the clerks ran out of the
counting-room and. followed by the customers in
the waiting-room, made a line for Mr. Colt’s
sanctum. Inside of two minutes an excited throng
was crowding into Mr. Colt's oﬁlce. all agog with
excitement and curiosity. , -

The cashier himself had recoyered the money,
and was speaking to -Mr. Colt, while Fre_d, with
the revolver still in his hand, was keeping the
mob fromcrowding into the small room. _Finally
Fred succeeded in closing_ the door in their faces
and putting his back against it. o

“Send for the police," exclaimed the broker, in
a tone that showed he had not Quite recovered
from the shock to which he had been subjected.
As a matter of fact, an oﬁicer was even then
trying to force his way through the crowd which
blocked the approaches to the ofﬁce. Fred opened

"the door and let him enter the room. He had

.:a pair of handcuffs in his pocket. and he soon but
these on the uninjured rascal’s wrists. He then

took up Mr. Colt’s desk ‘phone, connected with

the station, and-called for the patrol wagon. By
this time there were two reporters on the scene
trying to collect the facts.

Finally the excitement in the building subsided
with the departure of the prisoners. but a stream
of brokers ‘tiled in to call on Mr. Colt to learn
the inside particulars of the trouble. As soon

,‘ as the real facts got around Fred was regarded.

as the‘hero of the occasion. The afternoon edi-

. tions‘ said a lot of nice things about him. and

' long before he got home the news had been car-
ried’ to-, his mother by talkative neighbors.

“You’re the bravest boy in Wall Street,” Daisy

' "- toldehim, when he had modestly given‘ her a full

‘account of. the aﬂair.

I only did my duty. Daisy.” ~
closed for the day before he
thought about his stock d.eal.. Then he looked the

‘Sc .

 zone unto 110.

       
 

tape over for the latest quotation: of D. & L.

CHASTNCI ’«P0iNTERS .

\

",N_¢'_‘xt;dayfh'e had to‘ so with Mr. Colt and owl»

 



 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   

cashier to the Tombs Police Court to give his?
testimony at the examination. The rascals, only ;_‘ ,
one of _whom was able to appear, were held for“
the action of the grand Jury. An indictment was '

in due time found against them; they were subse- 
quently tried and sent to Sing Sing for a term 
of years. On returning. from the police court ‘ 
Ftredt dropped into the little bank on Nassau 
s ree .

The tape showed that D. & L. was then 
at 117, so Fred ordered the deal closedout at 
that ﬁgure. He cleared fifty thousand‘ dollars’ "
by the transaction, which placed his ﬁnancial
standing with the bank at one hundred and one 
thousand dollars. Daisy pocketed eight thousand ;
dollars, which made her worth. all told, siﬂeen .
thousand dollars. Fred did not forget what Mr."
Bates, the millionaire operator, had told him,-
about the prospects of the Paradise Gold & Silver 1
Mining Company. Three months passed, however, .. ..
and the mine had not showed any signs of coming
to life again. _ 

“I think I'll drop in and see Mr. Bates again,’
he said, as he left the oﬂice a little before three
with the day’s deposits that he was taking to
the bank. - ’ 

, That gentlemen told Fred the mine would prove
an El Dorado in another year’s time. ..

Mr._ George Bates proved to be a good prophet. 
for within the year Paradise was selling for ﬁfty-,
ﬁve cents a share. Fred is now cashier for Mr.:-13
Colt._ and earning a good salary, but he is 
making money for both himself and Daisy Dean.;-#1:.
the stenographer. in the market. "J

As he came of age this year, he is now able
to keep a regular account in one of the big Wall
Street banks, and sizns his name legally 
checks.. Moreover. he and Daisy Dean are no‘?! ‘
gaged to be married. He still does his trading W
through the little bank in Nassau sheet. the»
cashier of which maintains that he is the luckiettg
boy in Wall Street. ,

*5 .
T.-
..*f.“. V

   
  
  

   

Next week's issue will contain “RISING
THE WORLD; or, FROM FACTORY BOY
MANAGER."

IR
'11)

— nj °'
_.— *

MAN KILLING WHITE TIGER SLAIN‘ BY  if
INDIAN RAJAH ‘

, Sportsmen all over India are greatly interested
in the skin of a white tiger recently shot by
the Maharaja of Sirguja and which is now on dis» '
play at Calcutta. ’ 3,
Except for a few darker stripings the pelt. ii:
almost pure white and measures ‘nine feet eigli
inches from nose to tailtip. The white tiger is
extremely rare, but few specimens ever having
been secured, and this one is reported to hiy-
had a career of depredation that ' luded three’
human victims and innumerable ca, e. —' ,,
According to reports from, the district in w_
it was killed, the beast actually avpearedjtoi. .
its unusual coloration as an aid to:huatinTq._;;
was continually mistaken for a steer.  I
asit by quietly amomr the herd: 
citirfx alarm. . ‘ ” ‘ ‘  "' ~

 

      

 

COWS’ INTELLIGENCE

‘AIR and Red, cows owned by Ezra Edgell of
 « eld W. Va., saved their own lives when
-.-- reek rose to record ﬂood stage. The
 s planted their front hoofs against the side
‘ﬁtheir barn,‘kee ing their noses out of the
-  , which woul have drowned them had it
_ - heads down. The horses and another cow
1%.  same barn were drowned.

war

f_;~;‘. BULLET DROPS FROM SKY
'A"-Appealing to Yonkers police for an investiga-
 - "Donald Buchanan, twenty-seven, No. 107
‘H ' ~- avenue, Yonkers, N. Y., reported recently
; "had narrowly escaped death_ on Saw _Mill
V r Road when a stray .45 calibre st_ee1-Jack-
. - bullet went throu la the hm of his straw
‘  ploughed its way own his back and lodged
" his clothing.
“Police'be1ieve a Yonkers sportsman, practicing

 

'  Handsome Colored Covers

. A Lively Detective

  
 

 

,
.,_, W

     
   
    
 
 

I   addition

~ a Crook Gang." i

Bead her a sample

 

1".  I I - FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT, NEWS . - '

I" --~ -three inches more, as a haymow above held.

Buy “Mystery Magazine”

No. 162 IS OUT TODAY. CONTAINING

_ Novelette, by GROVER KIDWELL, entitled
Ere] “THE INTRIGUERS” . , A
'  ‘ It has a splendid plot and is full of exciting adveuturu
 DON’T  THE NEW TWO-PART SERIAL
“A TEST, OF CONSC-IENCE”

V _ ‘ By J. B. WARRENTON

‘ 3 And the seven interesting short stories:

‘ ‘” “LAWFULLY SWINDLED," by Glenn A. Gravatt

“P. 0. P. TAKES A HAND,” by H. Belanger

“LET THE GUILTY MAN SUFFER,” by Anne H. Hadley
“A GLASS OF WATER,” by Jack Bechdolt

“VERY NEARLY PERFECT," by Noble W. Hunt

.‘ “THE GIRL IN THE RED MASK,”. by David F. Galvin
' “PROVERBS AND A CASH BOX,” by B. M. Goldenberger’

there is an article‘ by POL ICE-CAPTAIN HOWARD
“THE LAST OF THE GANGSTERS”

Also a number of shorter items:

“Won”: Detective," “Hunt a Dumpy Bandit," “Recaptured Convicts,” -“Alleged Fence At-
— - ~ ""'Coutrol of Detective Agencies,” “Mystery in Mail Theft” and a Beautiful Woman

FREE HANDWRITING READINGS V '
- ' By LOUISE RICE _ -

of your writing and she will tell your character and advise
you about what you are best ﬁtted for.

A‘ I E‘8 MORE MATERIAL IN THIS MAGAZINE THAN YOU GET IN ANY
 ‘ ' Sl‘MIL_AR PUBLICATION ON THE NEWSSTANDS ,

21'

with a high-powered riﬂe, ﬁred into the air and
the bullet, in its descent, went through Buch-
anan's hat and down his back by sheer weight.

DUCKS ARE BOMB VICTIMS

Hundreds of ducks were victims of recent army
practice in phosphorus bomb and grenade throw-
ing at the proving grounds at Aberdeen, Md.
After the tests were made army oﬁicers were
amazed to ﬁnd large numbers of dead ducks in
the neighboring waters of Chesapeake Bay.

An investigation showed that the dead ducks
had eaten fragments of unconsumed phosphorus
which had fallen in the water of their feeding
grounds. 4.

Now when tests are to be made, says Hygeia,
the soldiers are using devices to frighten the
birds away and the bombs are being exploded
either over land or over deep water where ducks
do not feed.

Sixty-four Pages of Reading

 

 .-:3

 

Q "    to telephone, on there‘

  

22
Rob and the Reporters
, A _ on _
— Hustling for War News by Wireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XI.
Captured By Reporters.

Rob, whose own wound was rapidly healing,
went with Walter and saw. him comfortably in-
stalled.

“Now then, Rob. don’t you think you’ve got to
tie to me,” he said, when it came to the parting.
“If you get a chance to push on to the ‘front Just
bust right ahead——-see? The case 18 too important.
We shall have to each look out for himself.”

It was a relief to Rob to hear him say it, for he

felt it his duty to use every means to obtain war .

news for the Earth.

His chance came that very afternoon, when
Mons. Berge introduced him_to a young Belgian
oﬁicer, one Captain Champlain, who was starting
b auto for the British front, then near Mons in

estem Belgium. ,

“I can take you-along and shall be glad of—vour
company,” declared the captain. “Of course we
are liable to be captured by some straggling party
of Germans, but as I know every inch of the coun-
try you run less risk with me than you would
with another." , ,

Rob gratefully accepted. He now took leave
of Louise, who had already paid him as agreed,
the money having been shared with Walter.

She informed Rob that the money in the chest
amounted to over $50,000.

There was no time to call again at the hospital,
as Captain Champlain was starting at once, itebe-
ing his intention to run on through the night. He
hoped to"reach General Taylor's headquarters
shortly after sunrise. ,

Rob found the captain, who spoke perfect Eng-
lish, a very clever fellow and excellent company.

He had been in the enz8£9me‘I‘1t at Liege and ‘

gave Rob many particulars, whic he jotted down
in shorthand for future use \in a detailed story of
the siege which he proposed ‘to write as soon as
opportunity oﬂ'e1-ed to send it to New York.
Everything went well until after they left
Ghent, which was shortly after midnight, when
while passing through a forest, the car suddenly
went out of business
 Captain Champlain was acting as his own
chauffeur, and upon making a hasty examination
he informed Bob that the break was‘ serious.

. “There is no help for it,” hesaid. "She’ll have
.,to be town to a garage. I'm afraid this is going
to put us hack a day." , /
“Where is the nearest garage?” asked ‘Rob..

' 9‘lDonay, ﬁve. miles ahead, “was -the’ reply.

 

FAME’ ANAD FORTUNE WEEKLY

    
     
    
 
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
    
    
   
        
 

1 .

nothing for it but for me to walk there.
you stay here and look out for the car.” 
"Surely. I want to be of what service I’ can, =_'

started away. , .
It was lonely business. V
The road was an‘ unfrequented one, 1)  
so chosen. No one passed during the ﬁrst-hour ‘
Rob had all he could do tokeep awake. 3  ~
At last he did drop off, to be suddenly await‘
ened by hearinga car whizzing up behind him 
which, as it came alongside, he saw certainly f-M

1

young men who looked to be English. _
It stopped and the man at the wheel called. , ;
to know if Rob had broken down.
“As you see,” he replied.
“Want any help ?” the man asked. ,
“You can’t help me," replied Rob. exp '
the cause of the trouble and that the owner
the car had gone to ‘a garage at Donay. ' 1
‘.‘I’d oﬁer you a tow, only we don’t happen‘
he going that way,” said the map, adding: _
“Say, you're English, aren't you," ,
“Canadian,” replied Rob. “I’m from New:
foundland.” _. . “ ’ '
“So? What brought you to Belgium?” , - .
“Oh, I'm here on business.” , .. gi
“Of course it's none of mine, but, say you 3%?»
‘happen to understand wireless telegrapby, ‘ "
you."
“As it happens, I do. That's my trade,"
plied Rob. ~ ’ '
The man's manner was cordial. He saw no
son why he should not speak the truth.
Instantly he regretted it. . 
,'l‘he man whispered something to the one . -.. "
beside him, who sprang_ out of the car, and A
preaching the other auto, said: , I
Slltou fellow, come with us and we will pay.
w . . .  ,
“Couldn’t think of it,” replied Rob.‘ " -‘
do u want me‘for?" ' ,
‘ft 3 matter, you'll haye to go, that's all then r

I - 4
"But I won't go,” replied Rob decidedly. - _y 
got my own business to attend to. Besides, I » ~
leave this car." 
“Now lofzk here,” said the lgatril, suddenlyd
-ing a revo ver you get out 0 at car an 
witlé us or I p’ropl¢I>s’e, to sel(1ioothyou—}:see‘.”'
‘osay wea cri te ot ers, and
found himself facing not only one reyolver
our. ~ 
113°  $8“:-':°*r»»**”' ’:-e:“:.;':“~ .. y
ou aesi 1, repze spo H
A,‘t‘}:ou’ye tgotter come, young feller, and thwt’I‘,
re IS on . .
. “But would you murder me?" -
"Sure. We're on the hustle. We shall let
ing stand in our way.” _ _ . 
There seemed to be no help for it- Rel « =
ly R_ob descended and crowded into the other »-
feeling that these were probabl just plain -
and that he was going to be I: .
¥|oethinx of thde sort ‘hiagaened. * .-
car was ‘van at -speed.
t.o“What.’s your xlzuamelf’ asked mi. 9....

(To-be.eontin_ aed;}»  
\

~ 2.

 

   
  
  
    
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
     
 
   

.,; .~_r
-

GREATEST MOUTH-ORGAN
'- world's largest harmonica is 48 inches
' and is played by two midgets, Caroline

kerd, 32 inches tall, and Francis Parckerd,
inches tall.

THE HAIRNET INDUSTRY

' future commercial prosperity of Chefoo.
a city of 100,000 population can be de-
.~.-«- only when it is known whether Ameri-
women will continue to bob their hair or
: = to ﬁowingand errant tresses. Chefoo’s
. g industry is making hair nets and they sell
;, H .000 worth to this country each year, in ad-
 to exporting $3,060,000 worth to France
other countries. -In China the price for the
. runs from $1 to $2 a gross and for making
-- factory workers are paid 7 cents a day.

SON TUNNELS FINISHED BY 1925
rk on the $29,000,000 vehicular tunnels un-
-  Hudson River, between Jersey City and
its =. ttan, is progressing so rapidly that it is
ted the tunnels will be ready for use by
.'!'hus, much of the ‘present heavy traﬂic
udson River ferryboats will be alleviated.
_was begun in October, 1920. - -
wd tunnels are being dug; the north, for Jer-
., Lund traﬂic and the south for New York-

traﬂic. The entrance on the New York
‘will be at Bi-oome street between Hudson and
'«-v k streets, Manhattan. The exit will be at
and Varick streets. In'New Jersey, the en-
, ‘willvbe at Twelfth and Provost streets and
giixit at Fourteenth and Provost streets, J crsey

was said that the new tunnels when com-
- will be of great beneﬁt to Brooklyn be-
’ of the easy access to both the Williamsburg
iinliattan Bridges.
t that trade between Brooklyn and Jersey
facturers will be promoted. _

‘tunnels will be 9250 feet long, twenty-nine
and six inches in diameter with a twenty-
;roadwa ‘for two lines of traﬂic in both di-
-h T e tunnels will be ninety-three feet
‘ﬂilii h water. The exterior surface of the
'wil be constructed of castiron which will
-hut. Inside the cas iron surface ‘will be a
-concrete nineteen inches thick. The in-
ofthe tunnels will be tiled. Electric lights
V Special Ventilating system will be installed.

   

 

in. NOW.LISTED AS AUTOMOBILE
‘ VICTIMS

"st; recently ascribed the extinctirn cf
Park squirrels in part to the automo-
Beeently a still more heinous charge is
. door as it were. of the motor vehicle.
. Ihid~ the authorities at the New York
, t the motor car_i§ iexterminating

i: of ﬂgig_ city and vicinity. ,
' source from which the 8'01_d_ﬁ-‘B
Aqua;-in; are replenished is failing.
: - -tweak’: collecting in nearby waters
 of. the fish, an ordinary week
ﬁgid  dghteeteli speczmeiis. -

   

, _ . AND FORTUNE WEEKLY -
 co 0 D R s A DIN C. ‘

In this manner, it is‘

_]58

  
 

“For years,” said Miss Ida M. Mellen, Secre-
tary of the Aquarium, “we have gathered fresh
ﬁsh from the waters of Manhattan. That means
largely lakes and streams in the public parks.
There_ have always  plenty of goldﬁsh until
now, in many varieties. We will get other ﬁsh
from the local parks. but we have discovered a
great scarcity of goldﬁsh. They seem to be dy-
ing out. The reason for that is the large number
of automobiles that pass by the ponds where we
collect. The oil that they drop on the roads
washes into the little lakes, pollutes the water and
kills much of the ﬁsh life. The goldﬁsh in par-
ticular have been unable to withstand it."

E_xperts shake their heads and si h, but to no
avail. They can look ‘through the g ss house of
the goldﬁshand tell if the inmates are marked
for death, but they have not been able to check -
the onslaught of the destroyer. According to
Miss »MellenC goldﬁsh life in many parts of the
country is threatened by an epidemic of black
fungus. a_’parasitic growth that fastens itself
upon the tiny body and saps its vitality. To the
goldﬁsh this disease is as dread as the foot-and-
mouth disease to cattle, and as deadly.

_ The infection wipes out whole schools of the
little creatures. Often the dealer who hatches
them and the fan who purchases them are de-
ceived by the appearance of the specimens. They
fail to detect symptoms in advance. The sale is
made all unwittingly; then the ﬁsh drop 011' one

by one, or even two by two, until the entire tank _

is depopulatesl.

“Mystery Magazine”
’Semi-Monthly 15 Cents a Copy

154 THE HOVSE ON TH"-I ROCKS. by Jack Bechdnlt,
,1.'i.'i 'L.Al'CHlNQ DEATHS TRAIL. by Nels Leltoy Jor.

_ eonsen.
156 ,,'l"Hl-‘. .\lEDl(‘I-.\"F.' DROPPI-ZR. hv G, P_ Wilson,
15‘! ‘A Ql‘ES'l‘l01\' OF‘ KKICK. hr l’-lvizeuav Jones.
THE MYS’!‘ERY OI-‘ ROARl.\G WA'l‘F.RS, by

‘Harry Adler.
'l‘fll«I RIVER PIRATES. hv Hamilton Craizle
THE SHADOW 01-‘ A ‘KOOSE. by Jack Be-chdolt.
AT 2 A. M.. by Beulah Poyiitei-.

THE INTRIGUERS
By GROVER ‘KIDWELL

I

159
160
101

Out Today in X0. 102 _ \
HARRY E. WOLI-‘F. Publisher. Inc.'
166 West 23d Street New York City

iwioving Picture Stories"
A Weekly M-on-inc beyond to ruoiopius nu Hayn-

PRICE ran cams PER COPY

F

Each number contain: Three Bio!!!) of IIICIBQR Him:
on the S<*reon~—l’il1-izunt Hair-toue_sn-m-is train the Pier:
-—lntei-eating Articles About Prominent Pro :9 in the
l4‘llina'——Doing.- of Actors nnd Actresses in he lint"-J

and Lessons in SN-uarln Writing. \
‘ 1

HARRY E. wou-*1-', Publisher, Inc. - r ; "

   
   

ise West 23d Street» A 3' VIII/k, 

,f~a

  

 24°

OIL IN CONDENSERS

Never use oil on the bearings of a variable con-
denser which _depends on friction for the con-
nection to the rotary plates. If the shaft does
not turn easily there is something wrong with it.
The oil is likely to do more harm than good. as
it is an excellent insulator and may spoil the
electrical connection at the shaft.

VENTILATE YOUR BATTERY

If the storage‘A battery is kept in a wooden
cabinet to hide it. be sure that some sort of
ventilationis provided. The acid fumes are very
powerful, and have been known to eat metal
hinges and furnishings.

CLEAN CRYSTALS A

If you have a crystalidetector. keep your
fingers off the mineral. Handling it leaves a
ﬁsy surface and it is more apt to collect dust.
~lt is best to keep your crystal covered and if
Y0l1,muSt handle it. do so with a pair of tweezers.

LEARN TUNING FIRST
‘ To obtain the most out df a newly purchased
set it is __necessary to, learn a few rudimentary‘
principles of operation. What to ‘do and what

not‘ to do sliouldrbe memorized. The dealer will ‘

give you instructions. _ ‘
/ .j_..;.—___..:
- ' WATER FOR BATTERY
: Nothing but pure. distilled water should ever
be poured into a. storage battery. Never add
acid. It the battery does not charge properly
bring it to a service station and have it ex-
smined. V
Keep dry batteries in a cool place. or at least
in a shaded one. during the hot Summer months.

SHIELDING PANELS

In the shielding of the panel in your new radio
set remember that it is only necessary to place
the shield back of the Darts of the Danel that
house the tuning units. such as the variometers.
variocoupler. or variable condensers. The de-
tector and ampliﬁer units do not need to be
shielded. .

TO REC!-IARGE DRY CELLS

—When your dry cells 20 dead bore two holes
in the top of.the cell.‘ on opposite sides_of the
center connection each a quarter of an inch in
diameter and three inches deep. Fill these_ holes
with cider vinegar or 'a 20'per cent. solution of
sulphuric acid and water. then plus: up the holes
with pa wax to prevent evaporation. A dry
cell may be charged several times in this manner.

To MAKESRECEIVERS MORE SENSITIVE

Theceﬂieiency of transmitting sets is
higher thmr that of the receiving‘ sets because
the former use heavy conductor-s.,and*perfect in-
sulation in the lush 11-eauamey circuits. _ The
:m1y.r'eason for using ,small,.wire for receiving
’ ziuuits is in theélnterest of economy and space

4_  were wiuld with
r’  ,’h'._‘E.1’F.K

   

FAME AND «FORTUNE IVKIEEKLY '

 INTERESTING RADIO Nsvvs Ahb 

tively I

heaséerieaas. and.

 

  
  
   
   
  
 
   

if the coils were wound with copper ribbon 
heavy wire instead of magnet wire. the appear
ance might suffer somewhat," but the eflieiencyw
would be greatly increased. Further imm-ovate
- ment can be made by increasing the‘ diameter oi
the coils. ‘ .1:

 

HIEIROIC RADIO OPERATORS .
The United States Shipping Board has I: __ _
the Bureau_of Navigation’s attention to the an-:
usual services performed by radio operators
Howard A. Meyer, Charles R. Stewart, and 
andfr D. MacAlpin. aboard the “President Mon»-
roe when the_ vessel encountered heavy wea
in the North Atlantic during January. '
operators Jeopardized their lives in assisti‘nzr§xe3
erecting the ShiD’s antenna, which had washed
overboard, notwithstanding the fact that 
officers of the ship refused to allow the
of the desk force to assist the operators ‘in
ardous work. Their faithfulness to their duws
however, inspired them to erect the needed ‘ “
tennae and thereby maintain the radio i . ‘
tion in operating condition for an emergency;

e ‘ _NEW. RADIO CLIP

A novel clip designed to give high - -
conductivity is the invention of Eugene Poms
Schenectady, N. Y. It is a double-gripclip;
use in radio or battery work, an has two 
tinuous electrical paths unbroken b hinge j .7 ‘ ' “
or picot pins. The current therefore does . '
pass through and take the . temper from .
spring. An absolutely tight connection is ‘ 
ble in ﬁve seconds with the Pons clip, it .
only necessary to press one end, attach, and »p " I
the opposite end. In other words, the,Pos ’ 
is a double-headed progiosition, with ~-
teeth at bothpends. T is makes it
in many different ways.

    
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
      
  

 

MEASURE B BATTERY

The only way to determine the condition.
B battery is to use a voltmeter. _An am . «__
must never be applied to the terminals. It
form a short circuit that will quickly rob.
cells of their strength. . x 

Most B batteries are put up in blocks of.-‘ .
teen cells, and deliver 22% volts when new. ~37
voltage, however, will decrease slowly as thg .
teries are used. Even unused ones are 
drop off in time, due to thAe_deterioi-ation -» ' I
by the strong chemical action of ‘the cell
ponents. .- I ,. .~

A ﬁfteen-cell block should read no less 
volts when purchased, and will give satia » '
service until the ﬁgure drops to about“16,
:Even after then,vsome_batteI'ies are still
weeks of use. - The limiting factor _wi3I‘%o'~
amount of noise‘ generated by the dying 13$;

/

»~
..1‘
‘t

...

S.-

 

 

    
  

\- WIRING. THE  _

-In wirinzsa radio set withehus bar, =
pie cat one_piece_of.» wire at as. 

It in placeanginediatel This ‘method

  

    
    
  

  

  
  
   
 

y.

  

     
   
   
  
  
    
   
 
  
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

is a very slow one, as the soldering iron is
' 1:12 intervals when.the next length
re is 'ng measured out.
is much better to cut all the wires first and
- [to solder them‘ in position. It is surprising
quickly this can be done. The individual
should be laid out on the table so that one
not be confused with another.
9 4 - tin all the metal surfaces to which
ﬁnds o the bus bars are to be fastened. This
takes only a minute and saves trouble in
actual soldering.
following this line of action, the writer
completely wired in a half hour a two-stage
...-4 with jacks, starting off with the uncut
.— of bus bar. The cutting of the latter
about twenty minutes and the soldering the
- ; ten. Needless to say, a good hot iron
n which retained enough heat to allow
. ion of four or five joints at a time.

 LOUD SPEAKERS
its present usage, the term loud spealier is
generally
”o! distributing sounds over an area.
- V a to divide loud speakers into three sepa-
and distinct classes, however:
Those which make use of existing telephone
rs by means, of rubber connections or
: to attach a pair of phones to a horn.
l. of speaker that uses a single tele-
lece er equippedwvitli a cap to permit its
astened to the small opening of a horn.
can be included the numerous loud
-ea that incorporate a telephone of some
in the base‘ of the horn. .
The loud speaker constructed on the solenoid
W . in which the currentsact on a coil
in the field of

actions limitation to the first lind second
of lad spakcrs is that when high B but-
" . voltage, such as are common in most audio
47 . ampliﬁers, are used, a DC current
' through the windings of the phone and ex-
’ I. strong downward pull on the diaphragm.
gun” the metal diaphragm to be drawn
33;; and will cause the loud speaker to
or tinny sound. _
viabratiou of the metal diaphragm .to-
and away from the poles of the magnet
viunit will‘ cause the_ air Iran to varY- This
_ .. will cause the im
l t. resistance) of the lou 51168391‘ t0 V81‘?
" »;great deal to do with the propel‘ Opel?‘
“ the receiver set itself on weak or dis-
'i-va  in!
‘ .  .. in the tuning and balancing _of
_ and if it is fluctuating _Wlll have its
upsetting the accurate tuning Of 3 "9'

0 ‘ f 1 d aker the air iron
 g:h stile current -throilﬂh
. of ‘the loud sneaker does not change
. . of the ¢ll'e:::i it of mw:d“u_r
« tau? ‘t‘i':e:ze” onnixtmmely 1034
 will give a greater amount of sound

a strongly energized mag-

wgk or  Iilﬂllﬁ.
‘iguana!-,theaiad
grad‘. .

ioaad.

‘_- . ,.,,._ ,-gas)".  K \ '. W ‘

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

to devices employing some
It is "

ce (alternating-

pedence of the loud speaker-

.‘ opposite

bAEi¢I(,
in:-loetsnst0J _ ‘unit, 0%

25
I

Thematerial of which the horn is composed
is very important as regards the quality of mu-
sic that will be received, and with the faithful-
ness with which th sounds are reproduced. In
general a horn ma e of wood or papier-mache
gives a purer tone than a metal one, which is

liable to produce brassy overtones or vibrations \

- THE VARIABLE CONDENSER

In most radio receiving sets a 23-plate con-
denser (.0005 mfd.) is used to tune the secondary
inductance, but many times the builder of the set
finds that he has no instrument of this articular
capacity on hand. Instead he will su stitute a
43-plate condenser (.001 mfd.), and expect to get
the same results.

Now suppose you have the plates of your con-
denser turned all the way out. By this is meant
that the rotary plates are just as far from the
stationary‘ plates as it is possible to get them
As these plates are brought into mesh, the capac
ity of the condenser increases and in most case
the wave length goes up. ’ '

Suppose you had a 23-plate condenser in ac—
tion. You will ﬁnd that it is possible to receive
WJZ at 40 and WEAF at about 55 on the dial.
These numbers do not necessarily correspond with
your particular set, but are just given as ex-
amples.

Between these numbers. You have a
blank, or if younset is particularly g , you
may be able to pic up a station or so in be-
tween WJ Z and WEAF. The stations are sepa-
rated on the dial. Now suppose we put in a
larger condenser, say a .001, or 43 plater. The
stations will come in as before, but you will ﬁnd
that they are much closer together: on the dial.
This is because the capacity chan es so much
faster,.with the result that the wave ength range
also changes more quickly.

You will ﬁnd that down on the lower wave
lengths, where the stations are close together,
it will be next to impossible to separate them.
for the simple reason that the least change in
the condenser setting will make considerable
"change in the wave length. In short, your set
will tune too sharply and will not be as selective
as before. If the set ha pens to be one that tunes
broadly, you will ﬁnd I the interference from
one station to another is increased even more
with this large size condenser. '

- It will also be apparent that the whole upper
end of the scale is practically useless, for the
simple reason that the condenser istoo large and
the up r end will give stations far above the

total

. band 0 broadcasters.

Immounting the dial on any condenser, it is
always a good plan to turn the plates all the way-
into mesh and then place the dial on, the shaft in
such a way that the 100- mark is at the top. ‘or

the mark’ on the panel where you will

take Nldmitsq _'l'his as the plates are tuiiied out,

the readmks will act less and less. as the wave

length is.red_uced and you will ﬁnd the set much

calibrate. _

beorinc both or these suggestions in 
lyour

.'  ‘ _-._ ‘

easier to

3!
you will possibly ‘save a lot of  '

 

  

-\‘="_V" ~< --    .: -  ..~—.§'v  ~ ‘~~,.g'§~;

._., .»

26‘ “ A FAME Ami FORTUNE WEEKLY

Fame and Fortune vyeekjy MILLIONS IN GOLDI—,;gVHAT' BECOMES or 
NEW YORK’ AUGUST 8’ 1924 What becomes of gold? It has many  ,

of disappearance, according to experts. Figures:
show that more than half of the annual outpiltﬁii

TERMS To SUBSCNBERS ‘ I is employed in the fine arts and jewelry trades"

Thousands of pounds also are used b_y dentists".j

 
 

according’ to Popular Mechanics, one estimate 

   
  
    
   
    
  
   
  
    
  
    
    
    
 
   
  
   
   
     
   
    
   

Single’ C0pies..- .............. ..Postage Free ' 8Centa ing that over a ton is needed every year for 
U118 900:: Three Months - . - . .. 3 ;: $_1.00 , -ﬁlling of ‘teeth. Then, moneyis worn away‘ in
““‘f 9°95 3“ ‘“-°“""“"'  .. .. ""0 handling, this loss being placed at $1,250,000 an-5
Um. Lupy One loan . . . . . . . . . .. -1.00 . .

Canada, 54.50;’ Foreign, 3.-,_oo, mially. Bank of England SOVeI'e12'IlS are often

now To glsxn 3|oNEI__At 0,”. risk s;.,,d p_ 0_ tested’ and found to have lost much o_f_the'orig'ir£a.I
ixlllonleli; Otx-l<ller,“ghecll:_ or‘ Ii:-§'il_streirso;<1 larfter; retiiiitaauces weight. Of the immense quantities of the

_il 0 B1’ “ y 21 8 H. "U ./ 1* 81:06 stage ' « ' ‘‘
stamps the same as cash. When sendlllﬂ slllveruwrnp pr“ecl°u5 "Retail that‘ have been bllned .a“}a’y 13
the (Join in a separate piece of paper to avoid coating the earth, it is believed comparatively litte has
iheenveiope. \Yrlte your name and address plainly. ever been recovered. The priests of Peru are".

HARRY E WOLFF }Han_y_E wow Pres said to have buried approximately $10,000,000

  

E

, worth of treasure to preserve it from the clutches
P05115591‘; 1110-» Clmrles E. Nylaxlder, Sec. of their persecutors. None of this has 
166-W. 23d St., N. Y. L. F. Wilzin, Treas. found. The tombs of the old Kmizs of Ezwt
~ were treasure houses. immense quantities of gold
and jewels being interred with them. It has been

' T estimated by historians that Alexander the Great

   _ became the master of zreat hoards of zoldyalt
REAL SEA SERPENT ‘ of which, so far as is known, has vanished.

thfoénhe "to: tlile grew iii a Scottish Igshirng ‘bloat ‘ - »
,u t eyacaugtaseaser nwien ey --.
hagled abotaerdii 7m; eel wliich 1veig‘l):e<;688 plounds 
t ' ' c es in , _' »-
§i’nh'."°if"was caught  te}::gtN0:trll sea 1:b0\lt 20 “How can I ever keep this house quiet?" “Shep

 



miles from land. a it “W” _ J‘
“S , h did ’ .. your
STRANGE TREE FATALITY watchy?” w“())’h, justygdl p§geth1;hl:im:e§vgv:.1y.'- '.

, >Ored Malinax, twenty-one years old, rancher, _.______.._.._. 
. “'35 killed 199933? at Libby» MOM-s, by 311 1111' Jack (quoting Hamlet)—If thou wilt 
usual accident. He felled a tree, which struclg a marry, marry a fool. Ethel-—Oh, Jack, this fg.
second tree, which fell and hit a third. The,thi_rd‘ sudden, . 4 .
took down a fourth, which fell on the man, kill- /

ing him. The trees stood"in a circle. A carpenter is an unreasonable»fe,llow.‘ it 0 .
objects to plain board, and yet he don't 

' ' " * board until it is planed. _ ' ,

.EELS TRAVEL THREE YEARS “I _ h I ' twi ” "’_d w‘u_ 

' f st d’ d h ‘t yvis was 1'15. Sal ' 1 le. yr ,

ha’§fiii§°lii§ct§$§x\3§“’iii§: all yffiéh ’3.»s§Efr° eéi “I'd send the other. heat of me to school and this
oreeds in salt water near the West Indies, many half W°“ld 3° ﬁshmm ‘ - 

rt

  0 1' th d f '1 to hth , -—--——.o 0 ,

 : gtra:§e:gA $351901; f)f°t,§‘;‘e:§,ear‘;°*;fapse§ Little Dot-—Oh.9 dear! ‘'1 Wish I Wash‘? . 

 V between t e time of the birth and the reappear- 'I_‘eooher_—Yo,u do -' Wh¥- Little D°*r- Cause ‘
V7 ance of the eels in their‘ home waters. ‘Ike l"° S” “tho the b9-V'5- ‘ ' o 1*

 

Bjones—Donft ou' think a talkative women
MAN_EA1-ING SHARK CAUGHT more popular wi the men than anygithgt .
‘V _ K ,, A muﬂtﬁm shark. nine feet four inches long Henpecke—What other kind is there.
f’ ’ and weighing more than 200 pounds. was lauded .~ ‘ """""“"' . ' 
i " ' the other day at Bayside Dock,.SJIeepshead Bay. Once a bright little lad was asked to an

The fish. the first of the, maireatinz variety ago. “Well,” hesaid, “I am not qmtg gs 

 

 
  
  

   

caught caught in local vwaters this season, was as my teeth, and just about asold as my mpg,
captured by Cantainrlosenh Ecock. - r i
» ,?o=i.~-s.oo,..o,..oo= woe:
‘wen 8 o ﬁﬁevera‘, o ’ 'es.',,
‘ Eeock  thiaiﬁaﬂedylshark hook, ttached W°"- "*9 d““3h“"’ ‘P°°“‘' ‘'59 f‘?th°"o .
 by ii steel  te.ar«h‘msy,; .~‘!‘he shin-katookjit 311° mm” and the ‘WW’ knife? ﬁlo ’
_iu:d stance anti» ;ep.,tow_nz.the metal am, 8“°“S- . ’ ~ ~ o 

  
     
    

 
 
  
  

“I call ’em the cutlery family.” “Wh 

 
 
  
  

 
  

   
  

 

               

 
 
  

  “W”   W   “hit :‘*°‘*...,i‘°*s**.22;....'**’* ‘ -'“*°‘:;..i'?“i:i
‘ "Study,   little Bessie-~. ‘ L. I~don*t»can 0 '

 
 

e p   en..-

   
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
    
   
   
 
     
 
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
 
     
   
    
     

3.3:’ \ . ,0. V’. 

I

GUNS AS WINDOW PROPS

vers which once served to hold ii!) men
w being used in Wichita. Kan.. to hold up
» s. The city commission voted to destroY
than 200 revolvers captured from under-
clgaraeters by the police. A foundry W35
the weapons on condition they _would melt
They were moulded into window sash

~ POWER OF EAGLE’S GRIP,
Swatt Brothers of West_Boothbay, Me.,
in a" boat, picked up a white-headed eagle
had been shot through one of its wings,
, it helpless in the water. They put the
in the dory and he gripped the wood so tight-
they had to pry its talons open to make
‘transfer from one boat to another. They
veterinary surgeon in an attempt to save

’s life...

i SARDINiA’S NEW LAKE

V Island of Sardinia was recently visited by
c in; of Italy, who went to attend the inau-
- - of anenormous reservoir which it _is
.will prevent the island from suﬁering in
Jisture from lack of water. .The reservoir.
‘-i3'con.sidered one_ of the_ greatest public
works attempted in Italy in modern times,
thewaters of the River ’l‘irso_ at the tune
~ 1- when the ﬂow is_ lentiful, and is
. .. to rovide the entire I and with water
.» tt suinina months. The Tirso reser-
the largest artiﬁcial lake in Europe. One
and sixty thousand workmen have been
< .. in its construction at'a cost of 90,000,-
.. ‘ half of which was rovided by the State

 by private capita ists.

ﬂCHE‘WING-GUM MosAics_ \
’;York's chewing-gain mosaics are tolie
.. throughout the city,” remarked 8 V1530!‘
,~ .. ‘ ‘When I was here a few year: 880
  by the curious design on {n3 5', Of
. l : nd the ﬂoors 05 your public build-
1: frequent intervals I discovered dark
 without!‘ any‘) appa§:;sp1::-

‘ S ne S11 1 '
 ppobr‘:fI§s°:late:i8l you usehin New
' A s-and staircases. On 100 'l'l£ int°
tter found that the marks were made
' ' of die ' gum. .' .

.  spdtnsnsre all about the 58319 513°-

 to the fact that the portions of chew-

» is  on the ﬂoor or Dav ment it

.. v and is ick-ly hammered W11 by
. . 0 g I ‘

, ~- andbecoines a part Of It 7" "".‘°
..;way or scraped oﬁ, but the dark St!!!“
Jhese‘ millions of sta_1n§ are steadily
"your chewing-gum mosaic-.

 

 

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
     
    

  

  

 

 " ﬁgs om I-‘UMES

 i rm-ts:

 
 

I i«?AirE’ AND AFORTUONE WEEKLY
BRIEF‘ BUT‘ POINTED

are generally’ uniform. Whtm.

eet. It is ground into the .

 

the marketing may be delayed four to six weeks
and consequent-Iy a less favorable price may be
obtained,

This green condition gives the Satsuma orange
grower more concern than ._others. Satsumas. are
raised in upper Florida, lower Alabama and lower
Mississippi. Normally they are gathered about
October 1_5th, but they can be harvested earlier
when artiﬁcial processes of coloring are used to

get away from the persistent greenness of skin. ‘-

The United States Department of Agriculture
has worked out a process for coloring oranges
without harming the fruit. The process consists
of enclosing the oranges in tight rooms‘ and sub-
Jecting them to fumes of kerosene stoves or to
gasoline engine exhaust. The fumes given off
destroy the green chlorophyl so that the yellow
of the orange shows up. It requires about four
days to bring out the. ellow of the oranges by
this process: This is tter than waiting four
to six weeks for the fruit to ripen on the trees,
running the risk of frost or storm damage and
facing the probability of a lower market when
the oranges are ultimately harvested.

\

WINDWARD ISLANDS ‘CHARMING LANDS
The Windward Islands colony, to which Lon-

.don is sending a new Governor and commander-

in-chief, is one of the least known to Americans
of British territories in the new world. ’
Windward Islands means dilferent things on
diﬁerent maps, and to add to the confusion sev-
eral other quite distant names are applied to the
whole and to parts of the islands that sweep in a

‘great are from Porto Rico to the top of South

America, says a. bulletin of the National Geo-

graphic Society.

The Windward Islands are well in the tropics,
being in the latitude of Nicaragua, the Philip-
pines and Southern India, and they are as charm-
ing examples of tropical isles as can be found
in any ocean. All are mountainous, and over the
sharp peaks deep. valleys and more gentle slopes
of all is thrown an intensely green mantle of
tropical trees, shrubs and rasses. All were peo-
pled by the warlike Carih ndians when Columbus
and other Spanish navigators discovered them.
But these were largely killed_ off or transported
during the next few centuries by British and
French settlers.

Most of the inhabitants of the islands to-day
are black and are traceable to the slave ships that
brought over their African cargoes during the
early. Colonial development. On St. Vincent,
which was long left to the natives, several slave
ships were wrecked, and the survivors mingl

_with the Caribs, so that on that island there _s--,

a more...:ironounced Indian strain than 
On each.o1' the islands is a small minority of
white oﬁicials, land owners and

government machinery under a British

St.,George’s, chief‘ cit or Grenada, 
ments are "Crown es.” the‘.  S

,aimoi‘nte<1_£i-om London.

1,

businessmen. _'
Each of the three larger islands has its own~l_oca‘t_
trator, and over all is the Governor who resides in

  
 

  

L"

  

   

28 i it l_FoR'rUi~iE» ,_
iTEMs or INTEREST

- CLOCK MADE OF COAL ‘

A novel clock, the case of which is made of
hard coal, is owned by M. A. Randallof Concord,
N. H It was given him by his son, Elmer S
Randall, who resides in Wilkes—Barre, Pa. Mr.
Randall also has stickpins and cuﬂ’ buttons and
Mrs. Randall bar-pins and a necklace set in sul-
phur diamonds which came from the coal mines
of «Pennsylvania. “’ .

OLD MOVIES IN SHOES

What becomes of the millions of miles of old
“movie”— films that have served their time in
amusing the public? When it is junked it is
cleaned by a chemical process which removes the
coating. This coating is capable of yielding sil-
ver at the rate of 112 ounces to the ton. The
cleaned celluloid strips sometimes pass into the
manufacture of patent leather. So you may at
the present time be wearing on your feet a bit
of the ﬁlm which has once held the laughter-pro-
voking feet of Charlie Chaplin. ‘ i

BANK ROBBERS MISS $8,006
Six youthful bandits, bent on making‘ a large

haul, raided the Prairie State Bank of Oak Park, .

a suburb of Chicago. shortLv before closing time
the other‘ day, terrorized eleven persons in the
bank and Tegscaped with about $300, overlooking
between $~ ,000 and $8,000 lying on the table of
one of the bank ofﬁcials. 1 _

The robbery was accomplished so quickly that
the police, called by passers-by ‘who ,saw the
bandits enter the bank. -had not arrived when the
gang made their escape in an automobile which
had been left in the rear of the institution.

The money the bandits found was in a D1280!!-
hole of a teller’s desk. While three stood zuard

p over the people in the bank, their companions

make a systematic search of the cages but over-
looked the money In plain view on a table.

 

AMERICAN DIAMONDS

The presence of fresh-water pearls in Ameri-
can streams is a comparatively well-known fact.
The discovery of diamonds in the United States
hasnot been so widely advertised. larzely _no
doubt, because so few Jewels of the latter kind
have been found here. South Africa is now the

’ largest producer in the world, and Brazil ranks

next in present yield. India, Borneo and the

‘ Ural Moui.taii1s of Russia have in the past sup-.

plied a’ great many diamonds. In nearly every
muntry which supplies these stones they are tak-

’ - an from the mineral in which they were once'de~

posigd. ~ South Africa aﬁords a marked exception
to the rule. I_ri.§that part of the world they are
embedded in"‘p8.ns” or “pipes,” which are streaks

“T  at lava; that have invaded a black shaly rock. The

icion is now entertained thatthe intense heat
 / olcanic action may «have converted some of
 theearlion. in the shale into jewels. ‘ i

diamonds have been obtained” is the

§°§W.e.en'  »

  

and Georgia. _Neaily or quite a dozen,lone reach-
ing 23 carats in size, have been picked up there,
under circumstances that suggest the probability
of having been ‘transported-——rolled down hill pen-
haps—~inany mi_le.s< from the place of their birth.
_ Geological conditions like those existing at Kitti-
‘ berley have been observed in Kentucky, but up to
gate no diamonds have yet been discovered in that,»_‘
a e.
the lower proportion of carbon in the shale.

ing seven diamonds, ranging in size from 4 to 21
ca_rats, and a number of smaller ones, in the
Great Lake region, under circumstances that in-
dicate they were brought there by the great ice
sheet of the glacial period. Most of the stones’
were discovered in Wisconsin, but Michigan and
Ohio have each reported one or two also.

    
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
    
  
  

A possible explanation of the failure is
A somewhat difficult problem is raised by ﬁnd-—  

 

.; f o£.;the regions in‘ tlie,United States irony‘

raaaiéénrriamu; atthe southeastern base ot__ti;e. ,
e Vh-ginia

   
   
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
     

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy.)

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS! ‘

_ It -consists of a handsome 
1l'0Il frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an atli-‘ _

lete. . _
Five Different Stunts--- _‘

'l‘HE_ FLYING TRAPEZE — Release the
trigger-pin and the ﬁgure swings for-i
W31‘ » xrlppmz the brass tra'peze~bar,..

*'* turns a somersault in the air and catches .
a cross-bar by his heels. _‘.[.

THROUGH THE LOOP—A swift swing‘ -
and he goes through a wire loop, 
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings‘
head downward from a bar. " ,1.

THE_ GIANT SWING — He goes forward.
with a rush, releases the trapeze. catches-
»: horizontalcbar with his heels, makesw; ‘
two ‘swift. somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again. - .

He performs two more horizontal-bar.
acts with the grace and agility of a cii-— ,
cus tsétiar, and many new ones can be in“
ven . . «

The Most Wonderful Toy in ,
the World! .

PRICE 51.5.0" :;
The collapsible stand and the litL1e7r."a.,~.,-1
kin are neatlypacked; in a handsome ﬁg; 3,
Delivered ainywl-.ere in’ the United itatesio *‘
receipt of price. Address .  V
r “ .‘ WOLFF NOVELTY CG.  
166 1!’. 23¢! 81..  York

a»...

   
      
  

   
       
      
   
     
        
     
     
    
   
      
  

  

 

 
 

  

 
  

 

 burl! Here I too 3. l at any
mood Airph Loren I ll.
.8; has er:th inﬂnturu ‘art-
chuu with nutnuntiu re rue
-ndﬂ e'“np"W“l| II I 
1 r ytng. I or I'll
Ice: Ian:

 

: ' at 7 (‘net -‘th::«1':nnv!ntiou
‘ e 1 I'll C. l BIIIIQI II '
. .,:t..*"_j;..i.?5»-,.=,v«*.-n::s*ar.':::::::;‘-.ir4L:‘L“,:.”.':
‘ Ban If!-nwutrculup-rtutthiasirehiv WP: 
A. 1; ﬁn. cu, Inn. 357 nmnne. I.l&m...li‘.-‘(I'll

 

 Habit Cured or No Pay

1’ ' ._ _' . .. - ' in - if
ox’.-.°'"'.....§i. H..-mi... co::t°.t§ uX'?.'.:.i3e.t
’ Initial. Conn 81 .00 if it euros. Nothine if it fails.

 SUPERBA C0. I-31. lhltiII¢’O.'Md.

 

   
  
    
   
    
  
 
  
   
 

For that Joll
Beaeii Party

Pack your week-end bag, say goodbye to the
hot, noisy city and set out for a day or two
of real fun and healthy sport at the lake or
tea. And don't forget to takealong your pock-
et orchestra so there'll be plenty of good
music for those who want to dance. If you
want to be the hit of the party, be ready
with I Holmor Harmonica-

The World’s Best-

'l‘here's nothing like good music for hap-
piness and there's nothing like a Hohner for
~ good music. Hohner Harmonicas are true in
lane. accurate in pitch and perfect in work-
manship. Get a Holmer Harmonica today
and play it tonight. 509! up at all dealers.
Ask for the Free Instruction Book. If your
* * deoleris out of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc.,
.Dept.‘l56 New York City. -

IIAIE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS

.", Iintl end (11 win Gum. Be my H8011?-
1' :Ir|t!body wlliebuygfrolu you Write lutl=l."-

V Mel.
 -. . . nun-oxtoosoox
lﬂ ‘Gabon 8%.. Cincinnati. Ohio

 

 

Protect yourself Iilhtst
hold—up. row-ﬂu. etc. with
thin clever 1:-gerette can
of light welg-1t metal. Looks
exactly a the reel thing! Pull
the trig r buck me: the lid
showing 3 full package of your

  
    
  

  
  
  

fun scaring your
friends. and a great
Protector. Sold exclu-

lltldlodu
Bent. r_1oI 514 Sixth III. lee Int

0

Flinn I10 to IE on the Rug; In. '
|7!t:Ie you uelect from 44 Stylcmco on
and also‘. Delivered free on upprovnl aa-

Prrl! prevnld for 30 Days’ Free Trial.

? if d-irod.Pu¢néuI

lane 11 pom-at phn. ?n’e'y:i.- 52°” m D'"'
 1‘ more In
pr'|cel.WnI!dl-I'll)! soda! erhofoﬁuenind tall-nI.n.' '

e .‘.'..'#;m... 5:.-""

Hgﬁla Dc“
Walk5'T3”‘$
5\eeps-Swm§s _. W‘ W_

in . 1.5; up

. ﬂ
its no you In ‘
. ecu little lulu An! M‘: e IAvpy.1e:n-
1:‘ Dollie: the cu.-e-gnu! leuile Doll.
l)’.‘t Til] ebuu,h‘.¢ uu one rely upr-
ua the -uuv. tau. no II In Jut
right In nu 3.1 ploy end II II 11. Idl-

yoll-Swiﬁn lasies Given

I1 "'3' ’:
CC

on go“ I1! ;’
only :1 ynxugee at rum-no Icahn -' I
11-13:. lenl II I-I1.

 

 
   

uoh. Into

 

How lo Eel A Position
Wiiiliilﬂ '
U. 8. Government

Thousands of a pointments are
made yearly. Goo salaries—sho1't
houi's—libera1 vacations (as much
as 60 days in some branches of
the service). Positions open now
in Washington and other cities
and in Alaska, Porto Rica, Hawaii
and the Philippines.

"Pull" and inll:1ez~.ce unneces-
sary. Common s,(*l'1ool educ3.ion
suﬂxcient as 1,:ruuzt-lwnrk for most
positions. The International
Co1'n:.ep«,ndence Schools \‘.".i1 pre-
pare you l'lgT)‘.t at home to pass
your Civil Service exzuninatien
with a high mark.

Mail the coupon to~day for 49-
page Free L't'm'l Service baclzlut.

    

r—--—.—.—..-...._._——_._—.._.—— —_.—__..I
I.\"X‘lLP.N.‘.1‘1()!\'\L (‘Olin ‘ a\'l)lI\"'E S('H00i..'~‘

» I not «ll'.4'.!- , . -- , 9..-nzu. '

' Without cost or obi i*..'.L.:n. 1‘.ra<: seurl Ire. : may I

[ of ynur 48-gm 'c (‘l\/ll. SERVICE l’I)l)!{!.l~LT. .

vhich tells n'..« I «-2;. --rnr-_. a 5-.:..J-paylng pau- I

| tron with the l’. S. Unc.'l-‘null |

I I one , _ '
, .

L.———-———-———-———-———--

  

 

 F

Earn $70 to $200 a Week

You’ve always had a liking for Electricity and a hankering to do electrical jobs.
Now is the time to develop that talent; therc’s big money in it. Even if you
don’ t know anything at all about Electricity you can quickly gras
up-to—date, practical method of teaching.

mg and highly proﬁtable.

Electrical Business, men who have made big successes.

YOU

Be a Big Paid
ELECTRICAL EXPERT

What are you doing to prepare yourself for a real success? At the ratefou are
going where will you be in ten years from now? Have you the specialized train-
ing that will put you on the road to success? Have you ambition enough to

prepare for success, and get it?
You have the ambition and I will give you the training, so get busy.
oﬁering you success and all that goes with it. Will you take it? l’ll make

ou an ELECTRICAL EXPERT. I will train you as you should be trained.
Iwill give you the beneﬁt of my advice and 20 years of engineering experience
and help you in every way to the biggest, possible success.

CHIEF ENGINEER
‘ COOKE

 

Chicago En ‘nearing
Wor o
Dept.204!154LawrenceAv.
CHICAGO, ILL.

Dear Sir: You may send me
entirely free and fully pre aid. a
con 0 y

our book. “How to
an ilectrical E
lure about your
In Electricity.

ome Stu

“IE3”:.-tunicoduionniu-inowrduafi-one--3 ..... ..

‘(Ilka g....'An.vn..3--a..a1.Zn-5-nu...--...nu.

Olly ........... .............. ..'.....Ohto ....... ..... .. \Dept. 204

Valuable Book Free

it by my
You will ﬁnd it intense y interest-
I’ve trained and started hundreds of men in the
CAN AISO

Iam

My book,
“How to

Become an Electrical Expert,” has started many a

man on the way to fortune.

   
  
   
  
   
 
 

1118

ert." and articu-
Course

I will send a

copy, free and prepaid, to every person answer-

a

ing this advertisement.
I Good intentions never

Act N ow.
' It is action, alone, that counts. NOW IS
THE TIME TO ACT.

get you anywh

L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer
CHICAGO
ENGINEERING
WORKS

ere.

2154 LAWRENCE AVENUE

Chicago, U. S» A.

    

ectricity es You

I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

Stop right here. This is YOUR opportunity! Electricity is calling you, and the Electrical
Business is in for a tremendous increase. But it needs more trained men—at big pay. By
my Home Study_Course in Practical Electricity I can train you for these positions.

FREE!

ELECTRICAL
OUTFIT

A ﬁne outﬁt of Electrical
Tools, Instruments, Materi-
als. etc-.. absolutely FREE to
every student. I will also send
you I"l<LEE and fully prepaid
—Proof Lessons to show you
how easily you can learn
Electricity and enter this
splendid profession by my
new. revised and original aya-
B ten: of Training by hlnil.

RADIO
C 0 UR SE
FREE

Special newlyvwtlﬂcn firtfcea
euursu worth $4';.(() given away
FPJ-‘.E. hill pardcnhra when

you mall am: -on.

Earn Money
While Learning

I give you something you can
use now. Early in my Home
Study Cognac I show you
how to begin making money
in Electricity. and help you
get started. No need to wait
until the whole course is com-
pleted. Hundreds 0! students
ve madeyeveral times the
cyst of their courts in spare
tune work while learning.

 

 $90 Drafting Course FREE

There is such an urgent demand for practical, trained Draftsmen that I
am making this special offer in order to enable deserving, ambitious and
bright men to et into this line of work. I will teach you to become a
Draftsman an ’ Designer until you are Drawing a salary of $250.00 a
month. You_need not pay me for my personal instruction or for the com-
plete set of instruments. But you must take advantageoi this special offer atonce.

  
    
       
   

  

$300 a Month Salary- 0
$50 on the Side at Home!

, - .  That's the kind of money my drafting students make.
 ; Read what this one says:

'  "As a beginner I am doinf ﬁne. Am earning a salary
of $300 per month, besides made over $450 at home the
last two mont/zs, draugzng plans for private parties. The
oractical drafting trammg you gave me by mail put me
where I am in less than six month ’s study. Thank you for
‘ I, all your personal mterest and help you gave me so far. ’

W (Signed) 1. B.

(Name and address upon request)

 
  

  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
 

 

I Guarantee

To Train You Until You .¢_lre
Placed in a Position Paying
up to $250 and $300 a Month

Write and I'll tell you how I make you a ﬁrst-
class, big-money-earning draftsman in a very
few months! I do this by a_ method no other’
man nor institution can imitate. ‘I give you
_ personal training at home by mail until you » ~ ~  —— 7 — , ~ -.
" ‘" ‘°"2f¥§o‘5”’°°“ “ii? %°“i‘i’"u%§¥I5‘%}é.‘¥§s° - -
an a mon . ix 0 -
l . £812 wanted every month. Thls  

And nore—l give you 1 whole set of drafting tools the nslnnte you

,’ e . becom_ my student. You get every tool you need. A inngniﬁi-ant
not of mstruments which will build your success in drnlumanahlp.
  EIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIlIIIIIIIIOIII£jI
- Chief Draftsman, Engineers Equipment Co.
Bend coupon Today Z‘

1951 Lnwnneo Ave. Div. ii- Ins. chaunm
Nﬁmlftaett l\:;I,it_l3_[aSl:|S Y0uft':l3‘l')¢r:‘f3t1'sg1a¢n$i“"1'[$- Fgfé Without any Obligation whatsoever. please mail your book.

i
E ..
' ‘ _ . _Succe_s_sful Draftsmanshi_p","and full particulars of your
out n ut the siinply marvelous o poi-tumties_ahead 3 liberal Personal Instruction oﬁer to few students.
How the world needs drn men, engineers. 5
I
e
I
I
u
n
I
n

 

      

..  ,_, ‘

.  and builders. What neat salaries and :-
dbllitlee there are! Send coupon for free book t at.

V’  Draftsman, Engineers Equipment Co.

XIII Lnwrelu Ave. Div. I-I-109 Chieaumlll.

Nam: , ,

 A:I..........

/lddrru . , _ _ , ,

. . . . . . . . ..... . . . . . . . . . ......-one

Poswﬁce . . . . 

 FAME

AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

’——q LATEST xssuns --

942 Capturing tthe Money: or. How Ben Bailey Made
r

laﬂ

H a .
"43 Digging for Gold; or..'i‘he Luck of a Boy Miner.

MQA

y with Grit: or. llznrning an Honest Living.

"45 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.
‘J46 Fame Before the Footlights; or. The Boy Who

liossed the Theatre

M7 Lucky Lee the Oﬂico Boy’; or, The Nerviest Lad in

New York

048 Rare to Get Rich: or, A smart Young Messenger.
"49 Pushing It Through: or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.
“50 A Born Speculator: or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

‘'51 The Wav to Success: or. The Bo
7'52 Struck on: or. The Rov Who

Street.

Who Got There.
ad» a Million.

‘.63 A grltln-n Risk; or. The'Yolsng Miners of Della
uz.
9054 A Sure Winner: or. The Boy Who Went Out With a

Circus.

For sale by all newsdeﬁiera. or will be sent to any ad-
rireu on receipt of price, To. per copy. In money or poa-
iage stamps.

THE I-‘0Y.LOWl.VG NUMBERS PRICE I CENTS

:~.'».'; Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Broker: of Wall Street.
“.16 A Mad (‘an Scheme: or. The Boy Treasure Hunters

of (‘oeoil island.

$.37 Adrift On the World: or, Working His Way to For-

tune.

"58 Playing to Win: or. The I-‘oxll-st Boy in Wall Street
"59 Tatters: or. a Bow From the Slums.
960 A Young Monte Crlsto; or. The Richest Boy in the

World. .

'61 Won by Pluck: or. The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.

use

M33
€964

rm
2-66
'-on

rviii
5 1:9

70

tn
-‘72

,.

974

.-L-,
'74

'77

:79
no
:1-1

“.2
193

too Well 23¢ Street

" Beatlnz the Brokers: or, The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done. -'

A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record. '

Never Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy

Valley.

Bass of the Market: or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
treet. ~

The (‘hnnoe of His Life; or. The Young Pilot 0!
Crytal Lake.

Striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-
a re.

Out for Business: or. The Smartest Boy in Town.

A Rlfavorite of Fortune: or, Striking it Rich in Wall
trr-ct. .

Through Thick and Thin; or. The Adventures of a
ﬁmart Roy, .

Doing His Lt-vel Bast: or. Working ‘His Way Up.

Always on Deck: or. 'l‘h_e Boy Who Wade His

Mark.
A Mint of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
Broke-r. '
Tim Ladder of Fame: or. From Oﬂice line to
Senator. ' '
On the Square: or. The Success of an Honest Roy.
After a ]1'ol'tlIllo‘: or. The Pluckiest Boy in the West.
Winning the dollars: or .The Young Wonder of

Wall Street.

Mnkinc Hts Mark: or. The Boy Who Became
President

lloir to a Million; or. The Boy Who Was Born
l4ut'k!. _

l.¢;t‘tt in the Andes: or, The 'l'l'Niﬁlll‘¢‘§ of the Buried
.it\'.

on His Mr-ttle: or. A Plnrky Bov in all Street.

A Lucky Chance: or. Taking Fortune 0 the Wins.

'l"fw Road to success; or. The ("ul'W‘r of a For-
tnnate Boy.

HARDY K. WOLFE’. Publisher. Ine.,
New York Cit!

 
 

seep .
3 c Ityon cannot procure 8 C091. lilld
tB::p.ri:e’?'U conil. in mane! 0|’ D09“

3
E
I
‘'0 will

 

sceusnlos

-HOW TO
WRITE THEM

PI-Ieelscaotsfvrclltr

This book contents all the "most recent chanson
In the method of construction and
scenarios. sixty Lessons. eovsrlos W"!

submission oi
halo of
and

as
Sdstamps. Ind
tree. 1' .
-‘H ”sllO°=:'v:a°t.Inu:evs.. New '01:.‘ V

arlo writing. ' For sale by all Newsdﬁl, 9"

 

I OUR TEN-CENT HAND A
u.etut.”1uu-‘neon. and Amusing. nay _"

‘handsome colored cover cnntainin

Valuable Information on A1-at "
Every Subject. *

 

Ne. 51. now T0 suns MUSICAL Insrnuxsxrat‘
——F'hll directions how to make a Banjo. Violin,‘ Ether.”
Aeolian Harp. Xylophone and other musical - - .
ments: together with a brief description of nutty, .
musical instrument used in ancient or modern _ 1
tF'vl"t‘)'f1lt1selyeaﬂ:n't:tradted."By tAltgle1-nﬁan l:. Fitagioraid; 1 _

' yy 1' an ma GTO e 0_Vl Bell“ W

No. . HOW TO BECOME A DE‘! ‘

E01‘ - _
King Brady, the world—known detective. In which 
down some valuable and sensible rules for ’ i
and also relates some adventures and exper|el5§V‘ V

well-known detectives. _
No. Q. HOW TO BECOME A Pll0'l‘0G .
Containing useful information regarding the I» 
and how to work it; also how to make Photogrlph
.\lagic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. $16. /
somely illustrated.
No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ILICTIICAI. llllclﬂﬁﬁu
Containing full directions for making electrical ma-r~
('iliYlt'S. inductions coils. dyuamos. and many novel‘|7oy‘I"
to be worked by electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. fully‘
illustrated. ‘ - ., .-
No. es. MULDO0N's JOKES.-—'!'he most original
book ever published, and it is , _.
humor. It contains a large collection of songs. jokes.’
vonuudrums. etc.. of Terrence Muldoon. the great wit.
humorist. and practical joker of the day. ~ .
No. 81 HOW TO DO ELECTRICAL TRICKS. -
taining a large collection of instructive and h I!‘
amusinx electrical tricks, together with illustratiﬂll,
By A. nderaon. ' ‘
No. as. now To no CHEMICAL 'rmcxs.--can
mining over one htmd_red highly amusing and inotrne
tlve tricks with (‘helIllCillS.- By A‘. Anderson.
somely illustrated. ,
No. . HOW TO DO SLEIGHT-0F—HANl).—CcDs'
taiulnt over titty of the latest and best tricks, I: .
magi!‘ ans. Also containing the secret of second
1-‘ully illustrated. 
No. 72. HOW T0 [)0 SIXTY TRICKS WITH CAKES.‘
Embracing all of the latest and most deceptive card’ ‘
tricks. with illustrations. f .
xo. 73. HOW TO no TRICKS WITH Nvllnnlio-qr.
Showing many curious tricks with ﬁgures and the  _
of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated.
‘No. 74. HOW TO WRITE LETTERS CORRECT}.
(‘ontaining full instructions for writing letters on a
most any subject; also rules for punctuation andeoll.
position. with specimen letters. _ a
No. 16. HOW 1'0 TELL I-‘OIITUNBS BY II
HAND.—Containing rules for telling fortunes b ..
aid of lines of’ the hand. or the secret of pal_ »«
Also the secret of telling future events by aid of luoId.\'
marks, scars. etc. illustrated. '  :
No. 77. now To no 1-‘on-rs’ muons VIII
C‘.-\ltDs.——-Containing deceptive Card Trivks as .
h leading conjurcrs and magicians. Arranged Jot
hxme amusement. Fully illustrated. ' ' I
No. 79. HOW 1'0 BECOME AN AC1"0B.—Conta'i -- ~33"
complete instructions how to make up for urtons -I -
actors on the stage; together with the duties of»
§[tage Manager. Prompter. scenic Artist ~<  v
an. _ ‘ «
No. 80. GUS WILI.IA)lS' JOKE BOOK. . ' ~
the latest jokes, anecdotes and funny stories of ,
world-renowned German comedian. Slxty_-tour
g a lull’-tons..—plIo _

 
   
  
  
     
   
    
  

 

  

          
 
 
   
    
 
 

 

I w

the author. .

No. 82. HOW TO DO PALII8‘l'IY.—-Conta V
most approved methods of reading the lines on -
together with a full explanation of their meaning.
explaining phrenojogy. and the_key for to
80!?!‘ by the bumps on the head. By Leo Hugo g
A. 0. 8. Fully illustrated. . g

No. 84. HOW TO BECODIE AN’ AU'l'l'0I.——Con ~ -‘
ing information regarding choice of subjects. the I ~ 
words and the manner of preparing and --
xnanuscript. Also containing valuable into!-Inatloa.
the neatness. leglbllity and general eolﬂvotitslodd
script. ‘ O , 
For sale by all newldealers. or will be sent to!

address on receipt of price. 101*. per copy. 1;»
in ‘money or Vatallll. hi V  —-~.“'

_n/Aunt: ya. wourr. P-nun. Inc. _.l»"7,”‘
ms West 23d Street

   
 
 

L"

    