NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1926

No. 1108 Price 8 Cents

  
   

srnu-:5
BF BUYS ‘ O

   BY THE  

KC

1'

sick with the hookd of a cane.
Simrock grubbod 3 big ink bottle and throw it 3! the boy. but missed him. The
oxtrnordllnry

“Ho mustn't uéspel” rou-od Blsoklord. trying to 
__ M _ scone crazed you excitement inAtl_::__u.§ooA_t.&__>

    

‘i

FAME  AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

lined Week] —subscription price. 84.50 per year. Canada, $4.50: Foreign, $5.00. Westbury Publishing 00.. ﬁe,

Pub

here. 168 West 23d street, New York. N. Y. Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 4.

1911. at the Post-Uﬂlce at New York. N. Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.

 

 ' No. 1108 NEW YORK,.JI)ECEMBER 24, 1926 Prices Cents.
. ~ LURE!) BY THE MARKE 1‘
OR; A BOY’S BIG Q’!-ZAL IN WALL STREET
By A SELF-MADE MAN
CHAPTER, I.—Lured by the Market. _ “Why, the market is oﬂ' color and very unre-
liable just now.”
’ . “Say, Nick, how came you to choose Wall ‘‘I ‘know. That is one of the advantages I'm
'5 Street for your sphere of action?" asked Miss ﬁguring on. ‘Stocks are down. This is the time

‘Gertie Gaynor, the pretty oﬁce stenographer. _
“Sphere of action is good, Gertie,” laughed Nick
Travers, messenger to Willis Hunter, stock bro-
ker of No. — Wall Street, in a corner of whose
._ counting-room the two were talking. “So you
as want to know why I came to Wall Street?
es, I’m.rather curious to know," she replied

arch] .
, “ﬁziy do you ask? Is it because you think I'm
out place here?"/
_ “O , no; quite the reverse.”
i , “I didn't know you thought I'd make a better
. .. -farmer, or something of that sort,” smiled Nick.
~ ’ ‘ “Why, the ideal”  _, _ .
w  “Well, Gertie, I have no objection to satisfying
_ r curiosity, for I know you wouldn't rest easy
F1 didn't. The reason I came to Wall Street
A was because I was lured by the market.”
' . “Lured by the market!” she excl ‘ _ _
“The stock market. It has a_gr_ea fascination
g {or me. I might sagzxlike the distinguished Colo;
incl Sellers, in the _k _called ‘The Gilded Age,
that ‘there’: millions in i_t.’ ’_’
gee, there’e millions in it—for the fortunate

“We can’t all expect to_ be inillonaires. There
shaft millions enough in Wall Street to go
‘around; but a whole lot of us can make a small
“of money apiece if we go to Wmfk about It

 

.0?

   
   
     
    
 
   
 
    
 
   
    

 e!‘ What do you mean by we?”
= ?‘We Wall Street operators." ‘t_
Street operator?”

“Do call yourself a Wall
the fair girl.

, . not? Do you think that I can't perform
pg whole duty as a messenger and do .a little
iﬂfﬂlltimi on the side as well?" _ _

. then you have been speculating in the
‘ . quiet, have ’
have: but mustn't let that
adios. ‘ don't want the fact

  

  

E?

  

  

What‘. he doesn't

to buy, particularly if you've got a pointer that
a certain stock is slated to rise shortly. It's the
people who buy low and sell high who make the
money, whether it's stocks, merchandise or real
estate, provided, of course, they don’t have to
wait too long for the rise. The interest on money
invested soon eats up the proﬁts." -
. “You ought to know that speculation in stoc

is a very risky game of chance.”

“Sure, I know it; but you'll never make any-
thl!_1gkt,0 speak of in this world unless you take
a ris .’

At that moment the cashier called Nick to his
desk, and the conversation came to an end.

Five minutes later the young messenger was

on
the street with an envelope in his hand for the I

Stock Exchange. Nick Travers was a New York
boy who lived with his piarentsrand several broth-
ers and sisters in a arlem ﬂat. His father
was a custom house inspector, and made a coin-
fortable living, so that Nick had never wanted
for anything in the way of food or ‘clothes.

When he graduated from the public school he
entered Wall Street as oﬁice boy and messengerto
Willis Hunter, and he had now been in the employ
of that broker a matter of about three years.

It was the many opportimities that people run
across in Wall Street to makenioney tliairhall
lured him into the business.

He had started out with one deﬁnite  it
view—to become a ucceesful speculator-iand ho

saved his money till he had enough to make  _

first marginal investment.

It had proved successful, and 

countered several set-backs he did not falter it

the-course he had marked out for himself, so

on the whole, he was ’way ahead of the game at fl‘:

the time we introduce him to the reader.

When Nick readied the
number of other massen

 

nxciiana. be found‘ .-

 
   

 2 A I  ~ LURED BY THE MARKET

' “Hello, "old man! But don't hit me so hard on

ak l .”
m_¥‘Ivdeidn’tm£ow you had a weak lung,” laughed

Nick. . _ _ _
. _ “I didn’t know it myself till the family physi-
cian examined my breathing apnaratus and told

 V 35“ me that if I didn't give up smoking cigarettes I

wouldn't live to be_ over ninety.” "
“That must have been a great shock to_ you.
“It was," chuckled Bob. “I’ve been livmg in
dread ever since.” . _ , “ ‘
“That so?_" r_eplied_N1ck solemnly; ‘I thought
you were still living in Jersey City. ’
“Aw don't get funny,” replied Bob.
At this juncture Mr. Hunter stepped up to the

,j i 7 raif and took the note Nick had brought.

He tore the envelope open, read the enclosure,
and dismissed his messenger with a nod.
The two boys left the Exchange together. _
“Say, Bob, I’ve got a tip on T. & Pu ' Said Nick-
“How did you get hold of it?” asked Bob. _
“Oh, I carried a message to Sather, in the Mills
Building, this morning‘. and while there I heard
Sather tell his artner about a pool that.had Just
been formed to m the stock. He mentioned the
names of several well-known traders who were in
the combine, and said they were going to com-
mence buying to-morrow.”
.“Looks like a good pointer.” .
. «I think no, good enoughvto risk my ,money on.
I'd advise on to take a ﬂ er on its t00- ’

  

"Guess will. I woul n’t mind adding to my
little pile.” - _ _
The boys parted at the office building where

Nick worked and the latter took an elevator up to

the third ﬂoor, where Mr. Hunters oﬁice was

situated. _ ,
_When Nick walked into the oﬂice the cashier

- «no. this note in to Mr. Blackford. If he isn't
inyou can give_it to Mr: Simrock, his c_asluer. _
’fAll right, sir,” replied Nick, starting on his
errand. , ,
John Blaclcford’s office was next to the corner
one and fronted on Nassau Street.
‘ He was known as one of the slickest operator!
V on the Street, and was believed to be quite weal-
‘ it any rate, he‘ occupied a ﬁne suite of three
' rooms, and had a lot of customers, most of them
‘ street “lambs.”

f wall was supposed to be the head andjront of
, the Dinglcy crowd, whose pool operations fre-

«‘  set the Exchange by the ears. _
-.2 ’ Nﬁk knew him well, for he often had occasion
hp "Recall onhim with notes from Mr. Hunter, and he

' D
;  gcntcyt)1htl!i'eI:::t’t'er was. Nick didn't like his
ag though it was handsome enough as looks _go.
;}’%e“di.Iti'usted the main w;thout exactly bems
able to assign a reason or 3 ,
 didn't like  Asimrock, Mr. Blackfords
‘ ’ I ldokedly upon themias birds of a feather.
,_ , he cred the omce the

why; V eat . 6563 boy,nwlio

 welhaoked him in.a sulkytone what

wanted,» though he knew Niék wanted to see
3 *5 n _

   

  
    

I there'lﬂVIJl!_103°.V¢‘.l.9_!¢‘ beween Nick‘
.  isjiosiid to

    
  

"You can't see him now. He's busy," answered
Wheeler with an unfriendly look. '

“How long will I have to wait?”

“Until he's ready to see you.” _

Nick debated in his mind whether to leave the
notowith Mr. Simrock or not. _ .-

His orders were to hand it to Mr. Blackford if
he was in, so he decided to wait, believing the
broker would be dissengaged in a few minutes.

Simrock was 'over in a corner of the counting- -

room calling‘ a junior clerk down in no gentle way.

Like some men in a. position of authority, he
was a petty tyrant, and gloated over the misery he
was able to inﬂict on others. _
ﬂick took possession of a chair near the rail

d took up a newspaper to kill time with.

He had been there about a minute when the
door opened and a pleasant-looking little lady
dressed in black, accompanied by a lovely-looking
gtigl of seventeen in half mourning, entered the
o ce.
The lady asked for Mr. Simrock.

The cashier came over to the rail near where.
 sat and said, with a sanctimonious kind of
smi e:

“(good-inorning, madam. What can I do for
you . ”

“My name is Vining. Mrs. Gates, a friend, re-
commended morto see you about the sale of some
stock I want to dispose of.” ’ . .

“What is the name of the stock ou wish to
sell?” said Simrock, rubbing his slee hands one
over the other. ' -

“It is D. & G. Railroad shares. My husband.
who has been dead a little over a year, par
them several years ago, and we have been
ing a semi-annual dividend from them."

Simrock nodded and smiled in the same unc-‘
tuous way a spider might when he saw a ﬂy about
to enter his web.

Nick glanced at the lady out of the corner of
hisleye and then bestowed an admiring look on ‘His
gir . .

lllle wondered how many shares thelady had to
se . /

hD. & G. was gilt-edged stock, worth $140 a
s are.

“How many shares _ do you want to sell,
madam?” asked the cashier.

“I have twenty shares. I understand they are
worth $140 a share." /

“I believe they are at this moment. Who did you
say referred youito me '.”’

wo

Mrs. Gates, who lives in the Criterion apart- I

xnent house, on West 129th Street." '

I am well acquainted with her. well,‘

llAh’ 
‘seeing t she recommended you to me, I will ‘Va

his matter my personal attention. Do you wis to . l 
get allvcash, or would ‘you like to reinvest a‘po1~ ‘_ g
er-stock? Iaminapoli-~

tion of the money in ct ‘
tion to advise you as to the best stock in the

market. Now if you like to put. say, $2,000" .2 

your money into a good thing, a very good ,"_
siliid Siixrérock, layi b F1 Dd
“ wou suggest t you uy or on wring’ -
stock. It is a line proposition, ms 0
ﬁnesttobepickedul’ . eteinW

is goil'ig_ very low just now, $2 a I 
in: I one shares you would be 

 k fr:-o face 

  

astrong accentomthew I 

   

 , LURIED BY THE "MARKET

months. So you ‘see if you invested $2,000 in it
now in six months from now you would be worth
$10,000.” _ _~
“Is it possible?” exclaimed the little Wld0W9
opening her eyes. _ . _
"Yes, madam, it is more than possible. _ I might
say that it is almost an assured fact. It is fortu-
nate foryou that you  on me to-day, for I am
not sure but this stock might go_up to $3 or even
$4 a share to-mormw. Good thin
not linger long in the Street. I s ould not have
'oned the matter to you were it not for the
f that you were recommended to_ me by Mrs.
Gates. She and I are—ahem!—o1d friends. I may
say very old friends, and it would give me a great
deal of pleasure to put any friend of hers to a
good thing like Florodora.” _
. Simrock said this with another oily smile, and
rubbed his hands over and over as though washing
them with invisible soap and water.

“You are very kind, Mr. Simroclg.”
Simrock beamed on the little widow as though
he was fully acquainted with the fact, and that it

ms the business of his life to do favors for.others..

“I presume you have brought your D. & G. cer-

‘ - tiiicates with you, madam?”

“Yes, sir. I have them in mY‘b88-”

“Then I will draw up the order of sale for you
to sign, and while I am doing it you can consider
the matter of the Florodora stock. If you decide
to lnve me buy_1,000 shares tor you—s_.nd you
can't make any mistake in getting in on thi_s_stock,
for, as I remarked, it will in all probability be
worth $10,000  six months, if not before—I
will strain a point and let you have the $800 cash
now. Of course this is a particular favor; as we
do ‘not as a rule make a settlement until a day or
two after. an order is left in our hands. -But, as
you are a friend of Mrs. Gates, I feel that I owe

advanta

zen eveiy, ge that it is within my power
giinrock smiled unctuouslyziezﬁrain, rubbed his

,handsandwalkedovertohis

Mrs. Vining turned to her daughter.

“I think, Claire, that it would be much to our
advantage to accept this chnrie, don’t you? The
32,81!) represents the whole of our resources. If
we take the cash we may ﬁnd temptations to
mend it faster than _we ought, and before we
realize the fact we might ﬁnd_ oursplves ember-
rassed for money. Now if by investing $2,000 111

’ this Florodora stock we can within a few months

increase it to $10,000, we shall be abundantly pro-
vided for. and the future will then have no anx-
ieties forus." , _

“Well, mother, you must do as YOU think best-

‘ I haven't the faintest idea about stocks, and C311‘

 

not advise you,” said her daughter. _
“'l‘rue, my dear, neither have I, for that matter.

 I might be inclined to hesitate were it not for the
 fact that Mrs. Gates has spoken very highly of

 

 

th'm gentleman, andshe assured us that he would

 bette by us than if we \went to another
shrok I

er." .

"Ms *w....'*  ""i5r5§a1'.‘i°.5“:“"£"se °'i}f’ *2“
, er. ’ i a visa e or

 to seesMr. Blacldord himself?"
.~“I don’t know Mrs. Gatestold me thatlir.
Simoekwas a kind of silent partner ofthe ﬁrm

   

 ‘ .,

‘like that do’

9793:: of_thos_e special partners whose names, she

 

3

said, did not appear on the door. She said what-
ever Mr. Simrock oﬁered to do for us we could
depend on.”

“If you think it's all right, mamma, I won't
say another word. I can't say that I like Mrs.
IGa;es, myself, but you know her better than

0.
“She’s a very nice lady, my dear, and takes
a great deal of interest in us. If she didn't she
wouldn’t have sent us to Mr. Simrock, I am
sure.”
mﬁsre Simrock'returned with a paper in his

I] .

“If you will hand me your certiﬁcates and
sign this memorandum, with your address, at
that desk, we will get the first part of our busi-
ness oven”

Mrs. Vinin took the certiﬁcates out of her
bag and han ed them to him, then she went to
the desk with her daughter and wrote her name
and address on the lines printed for that pur-

pose. '
“Thank you, madam,” said Simrock. “And now
if you have decided to purchase the Florodora
shares, just sign this second paper. By great
good luck, madam, I ﬁnd that we have one cer-
tiﬁcate for 1,000 shares in the safe. I will turn
it right over to you now with the $800 cash,
‘and it will save you the trouble of coming here
tomorrow or next day. Furthermore, by taking
the stock now, while the price is $2, you make
sure of getting it at the ground-ﬂoor price. I
could not positively say, if we did not have this
stock on hand, that I could deliver it at $2, for
it might go to $3 in an hour, in which case,
of course, you could hardly expect us to supply
it to you for $2. In fact, even if the mar et
price remained the same, it is not at all certain
that we could buy it for less than $2.25, for
people holding good stock usually ask more than
if ofered," said Simrock, benignly rubbing his
an s. —
“I think I will take the stock,” replied the
mgir widwii d si th 1 '
ery we , ma am. gn e paper, ease.’
Mrs. Vining and her daughter wentpto the
desk again. While she stood there it occurred
to Nick to look up D. 6; G. on the ticker. He
went to the ticker and took up the tape, just
dropped by a patron of the house. The first quo-
tation he read was “2,000 D. & G. 141.” On
thg‘ spur of the moment he rushed over to the
a y.

“Beg_your pardon, madam, but D. & G. is
now going at 141. You want to call Mr. Sim-

rock’s attention to the fact, for you are entitled 7

to $1 more a share.”

“Thank you, young man," replied Mrs. Vin- .

ing; “you _are very kind to advise me of the

fact. That will give us 520 more, dear,” she .
said to her daughter,_who smiled a bit" grate-’

fully at the good-looking messenger.
At that moment Gid Wheeler stepped up to
Nick and told him he could go_ii'i and see Mr.

Blackford, and the boy at once ‘entered the pri- ,

vate oﬁice.

CHAPTER II-—What Nick Leaiined About
Florodora Stock. . .

.Nick was ony in Mr. Blackford’s' sanctuma
few minutes.’

 

‘he came out lira. Vining

  
 

  

:./.—; He glared angrily at Nick.

.

4
 and her daughter were ne. Gid Wheeler stop-
 ped him as he was ma ‘rig for the door. _

. , “Mr. Simrock wants to see you,” he said with
_ ;,’ ; a half-suppressed grin. Nick walked up to the
» 3 ,cashier’s window.

»

' 4’

g _ «Do
_ 3 he sai . _

7 The casluer looked up. There was no oily
smile on his sanctimonious countenance now.

“What right had you to tell that Iidg that
D. & G. had advanced to 141?” he demande .
‘ “Ithought she ought to _know, as she was
selling you her shares,” replied the young mes-

“llerfey thoughtful on your part," sneered Sim-
, , rock. ‘*Don’t you know enough to keep your car
 out of other people’s business?” '
‘ =* ‘ , “I did it for the lady’s beneﬁt.”
‘ . '» “Oh, ou did? Is she a friend of yours?”

“No - fm not acquainted with her.”

“I tlidnft suppose you were. I presume you
wanted the lady to think we were taking an ad-
vantage of her?”

9 “No' I aim I told her to call your attention
1 P Y
e to the fact." ‘

. ’ 7“Don‘t you suppose that I understand my busi-
noes. you young whippelfsnapper? .

1 “You ought to."

u want to speak to me, Mr. Simrock?”
U

  
    
  
    
  
   
   
   
      
   
  
  
   
  
    
 

port ur conduct to Mr. Hunter. You can go.”

, .' Niche availed himself of this permission to make

' _a hurried exit. , ‘

“ 7 “What ke tyou so long at Blackford's?’! asked
Kr. Gray. e cashier, when he returned to ‘his

 Blackford was engaged with a caller, and
V I had, to wait,” replied Nic . '

t.
. sat down and began to think over all that
 come under his observation in Blackford’s

.3 “I’ll bet Simrock would have skinned that lady
on ‘of that dollar a share and have at It in
own et,” thou ht Nick. “I woul n’t trust
hinrhal as far as can see him. I’ll wa r.
» also, hehas skinned her by ‘getting her_to u_y
that Florodora mining stock. I doubt if it is
worth $2 a share; but if it is I'll gamble on it
that,.it won't be worth ‘$10 a share incsix months,
or six years, either. There isn't a stock on the
Goldﬁeld litsht that is woirth $’1’0 a share today. ‘I'll
justlook emupan see.‘
39: .3 09.13? oage “Miti;igig Journal“ which
 ' o revious s quo l0Il5r-‘ '
';“®   Minesy” he r9ad9 “‘5-85-
‘that’: the-hi est. Then comes the Florence at
§4_‘.8D and the ai at $1." ‘The Florodora doesn't
seem to he a.,Go eld mine. It isn’t a Bullfrog.
“ «om. eitherynor allanhattan District, either.” he
muttered. lancing down the sheet. "If it’s a

 

. g ,
it‘i’s'n’t worth $1 a‘ share. I don't think
, dare.-charge $2. for a prospect
 has thanil, loi.-"the ladyoould have him
 swindiins hep No. he’: too foxy. 1'11

’ * -  puehnnselt‘ t}: a: as that.

stock. 5 :

  

  
  

 

i .  “Well, don’t you. butt in here again or 1111 re-'

 

’ “O31, that was it. All right. You can take your I

p

~*='-s"‘...‘:‘*.‘z.:?*'

LURED BY THE MARKET

q

trict. Florodora, $2. _I never heard of it before.
It must be a real mine after all. I'll ask the
cashier or Mr. Hunter about it later on.”

It was something unusual for Nick to interest
himself in the affairs of strangers, for he thought
his own business required his exclusive attention;
but somehow or another he couldn’t get the lovely
face of the fair Claire Vining out of his mind,

 

. .. ..,.n-L ._ 

and then the fact that the moneywhich formed ‘ 

the greater part of the resources of herself and
her mother might be swept away from em
an injudicious deal interested him greatly. o
wished he were acquainted with the pretty girl;
but the chances were very much against his ever
meeting her again, for he hadn’t the remotest idea
in what part of, Greater New York she lived. He
thought that perhaps she and her mother might
live somewhere near the Criterion apartment on
West 129th Street, where Mrs. Gates, Simrock'I
friend, dwelt. That, however, was merely a guess
on his part.

Business was light that day and Nick had an
easy time of it. He found an opportunity to
to the little bank on Nassau Street, where 0
had put through his former deals on the stock
market, and left an order for the purchase of
100 shares of T. & P. at the market, which was
86. After carrying the day’s deposits to the bank
he was seated in his chair by the window when
Mr. Hunter rang for him. He entered the pri-
vate room. i

"Look in the letter cabinet and bring me 3
letter you will ﬁnd there from the Florodora Min-
ing Co.,” said the broker.

Nick was interested at once. He brought the
letter to his employer. . c

“Do you think that Florodora stock is a good

< investment at $2 a share. sir?” he asked.

_ “Wh _do.you ask?” inquired Mr. Hunter,‘look-
mg at 1m keenly.

“Because I saw a lady buy 1,000 shares of it at -

that price to-day, and the man who sold it to her
assured her that it would go to its par value of
$10 inside of six months. It was on the strength
of his statement that she bought it.” A
“In answer to your question I will say that
I do not consider it a good investment at any

,price,” answered the broker. ~

“But it is quoted at $2 a share in yesterday’:
and today's mining list.” ~
“Very true; but that is a blind on the part of
brokers in the employ of the company to boost
the sale of the stock among the public. Flonodora

is little better than a prospect. Misleadingro ~-
ports of a big ﬁnd -of silver ore have been  '

culated lately in all the leading mining journals‘.

Two’ weeks ago Florodora was quoted" at 20 cents. ‘ L
ed to 82, but it‘I0l!'C ~

The price has been boom V
stay at that ﬁgure more than a day or two 
for the Goldﬂeld brokers are already
concerning the alleged ﬁnd, and the
puts little faith in it. If the lady
was humbugged into lpayin
she was practically swindle .” , H
“In that case, couldn’t ‘she compel the 
who sold it to her to refund?” ~ 
"Pm afraid not, as the wash 
'11‘ stand amevidence jhatghe aoldﬂse
2”‘ fun‘ yr . i _ 1' *‘

none; in
moaths8"‘~* gt

3-

in

 
 

 

3°

I

  
  
   
   



$2 a share  »

:33

=]

-5

.5

 is ‘:41:

vg._§‘ 

I

    
     
      
  
     
  
 

  
    

 é LURED BY THE MARKET 5 

‘I won't sayothat. hlef she couldrgglifiigfa w_it-
ness to corro ate t act you or in-
stance, the seller might be cdmpelled to explain
on what grounds he made the statement, that is,
E the lady was induced by the statement to make
, glplgiinlrf it azas a tihﬁme to take $2,030 from
x that y or ares you say are no a good
f’ investment at any price." said Nick. With 8- 11511

of indigo’ ation. - _ _

 certainly was. Are you acquainted with
.  I ot; b t I know the money repre-
aentsothe matter paIi1't of her cash’ resources, for
I  her Eeltlo hlfr dabliagehtebegiger ‘advised than

av n

to bi-i;g‘l‘i:§Pmoney toeWall Street for speculative
investment in mining shares."

“She didn't come down to buy Florodora stock.
She came to sell twenty shares of D. & G. for
We...’ '’°:.“;: '"::::.W*:;:::* :£;::'::i%»‘i2°$:':fe';:“i?.

er e

orodora shares at $2. So instead of getting
$2,820 in cash, all she got was $820 and a $1,000
share certiﬁcate, of the mine.”

,.az». ‘

“She was victimized, as she'll ﬁnd out in a few A

days as soon as I-‘lorodora drops back to its
proper level,” said Mr. Hunter. _

The broker turned to his desk and Nick went
back to his seat. -

CHAPTER III.—The Meeting at the ‘Theatre.

Several days passed. Claire Viiiing’s face still
haunted Nick's mind, and the more he thought
about her the more he yearned to know her. ,

He had not failed to notice the mining reports
every day, and Florodora clung to the $2 quota-
tion until the fourth day, when it dropped to $1

' a share, and next day it was down to 30 cents
on the list. , _
, Mr. Hunter’s prophecy that it would slump to
next to nothing was practically veriﬁed.
. When Nick saw where the price of the stock
spas now roosting, he got hot under the collar_ at
the ontroge which ha_ beet} Pulled 03 by Sim‘
, _ rock on the unsuspecting widow. _

. “I never did think a whole -lot of Mr. Sim-
7. rock. I sized him up as 'a scaly man. and DOW
' it I have evidence to show that he is dishonest. I
 don't know what the poor lady will be 3”“ t° d°
;. . about it when she realizes that her dream Of
’ ' was as unreal as a soap bubble, but

3

*'.__ easrmoney ,
_7 Pd likg to help her get back at Mr‘. Blackfords
‘cashier. He ought to be shown “P 85 3 C03‘

tanptable specimen of humanity. if K103111112 9l_3e
can be done to him. As the deal took place {I1
Hr. Blackford’a oﬂice, and Mr. Siinrock is his
. employee, I should think that a certain amount
of eenzilierefwould riistus on the‘: broker,_ as heei;
 or any iness. l'8ll88¢t1°n 91
an of his people. I don’t see how he could
to it without showing Mr. Simrock .u_ in
3‘ light. Astothecashierbel 3,399‘?
- l'tl|Gl'.0f the establishment, I don't lieveat.
he told Hrs. Gates that he was  with
~ . Blackford in any_ other caggitr than thug
ai’,t’s_iny opinion he boolled 591'».

aitiiou‘¢is_:ie genre uiéssenzer ins motlr in-

  
  
 
 
   
   
 
   
  
   

 
 

terested in the fate of the widow’s money, he -
did not overlook the deal in which he was so ;
deeply involved himself. He watched T. & P. on '
the tape whenever the chance was his, but iir- I
stead of going up, it went down a: couple of _.
points. -;
_ Meeting Bob Barclay that day he asked him I
if he had gone into T. & P. >
“I have.’ I bought ten shares on the strength 3
of your tip. I hadn't any more than $100 I 3
could spare, so I put that up as margin. I see "
the price has dropped a couple of points, which
means that I'm out about $25 as things stand,"
replied Bob.
' “Don’t worry. I don’t think there's any dan-
ger of it going down low enough to wipe out
your margin. If it should, it will clean me out -
of $1,000 at the same time," said Nick.
“Have you got $1,000 up on it?"
“I have, which is all but $200 of my working
capital.” ,
“I didn't know before that you had so much I
boodle at your command." '
“Well, you know it now." I
“If our deals go through with ﬂying colors you 1
stand to win ten times as much as me.” l
“Of course; just as I stand to lose ten times
loose in it, for my $100 looks as big to me as 
tip,” laughed Nick. .
“It's to be hoped that a screw don’t work .
loose in itﬁ for my $100 looks as big to me as /
your $1,000 does to you,” said Bob. '
“Say, what have you got on for tonight, Bob?" ‘
“Nothing. Why?”
“",l‘here’s a good show at the American. Let's

“All right; I'm with you."

They met at an elevated station at half-past
seven and took a train for Forty-second street.
On the way downtown Nick told Bob about Mrs.
Vining and her daughter, and how Broker
Blackford’s cashier had persuaded the former to
buy 1,000 shares of I-‘lorodora mining stock at $2
on the statement that it would be worth $10 in-
side of six months. ' '

“And now it’s only worth 30 cents a share
four .days later. If that isn't a {swindle I don't
know what is," said Nick.

“It is a skin for fair,” answered Bob. “She
ought to put the case in the hands of a lawyer.”

"I don't believe she'd be able to recover.”

“Why not, under the circumstances'.”’

“Because Simrock didn't ask her a cent more
than the published quotation of the stock, and
he could say he was not responsible for it going
down after she purchased it.”

“But he practically guaranteed that the shares
would be worth their par value of $10 inside of
six months, didn't he?’ ,

“No; he didn't guarantee anything. He told
her that it was bound to go up to r within six
months. Besides, if she went to im now and
made a kick about the price being down to 30 -
cents, he would robably give her one of his
sanctimonious smi es, rub his hands together this .
way, and say that there was no cause for her to ‘
get nervous, as‘ he had no doubt it was only a ,
temporary slump, and that at any rate she 2

mustn’t look for results before the six months  . «

were nearly up. 0h,_he's a foxy rooster. and
 you make any mistake about it." .

 

   

I
a
i .
3

_¢’

 
  
   
 

 N/x

  “What
< -4 “Who's

“I’ll bet he is.” .

“I didn't like him the ﬁrst time I saw him, and
he hasn't improved on acquaintance. He gave
me a calling down for telling the lady that the
price of her D. 6‘; G. shares had gone up a point.

n a sense he was right, for I had no business to
‘butt in. Just the same, I couldn’t help it, for I
didn’t want to see the lady lose the $20 she was
entitled to. He knew well that D. J: G. was 141
when he accepted her statement that_it was 140,
for I saw him look at the tape while she was
signing the paper authorizing him to sell the
shares. He never said a word to her about it, but
had the price gone down one point instead of up,
I'll warrant he would have called her attention
to the fact.”

“Well, I guess yes.” ‘

“I wish I could meet the lady and her daugh-
ter again. I'm sure they don't know that their
new investment has already dropped out of
sight. They can't learn the truth too soon, for if
anything is to be done about the matter, it can’t
has thgogolfgfgkliidy pretty?”

“Is she? She's a peach,” replied Nick, enthu-

e .

siastically. , W
»“Kind of. gone on her, arent you.

are you blushing about?” _
blushing_?’.’ asked Nick, looking con-

fused. _

.- ' = .“You are,” grinned 
v .‘  “Get out; you're dreaming.” - _ _

-At ﬁve minutes of eight they were in their
seats in the orchestra. _
till 8:15, so they amused themselves watching the
people come in. At ﬁve minutes after eight an
usher showed an elderly lady and a_ young one
into thexwo vacant chairs next to Nick.

 
    
   
    
  
     
   
  
  
   
     
   
    
  
  

As arose ‘tic let them pass, Hthe older
.)adyinthe ead,N' gaveagasp. ei-ecog-
' liked’ them as Mrslc Vining and her daughter.
girl took the seat between her mother
Nick, she glanced at the ycmng messenﬁ .
Theire metandsherecognizedhimasthe y
who he told them about the rise in price of their
5 D. C G. shares. A half smiled played for an in-
I ‘ t about her month. and s e favored him
' a slight bow which Nick'returne_d very
eearteously, ﬂick punched Bob in theribs and
"“Who domyous siizarpose these persons are who
‘just us and are seated next to me?”
,, _ !‘How should 1! l{lnor\1iv?ht"
fine-look: r a
, “They :1: e ’ones Igwas tellir‘i,g you about on
mt way "to the theatre—Mrs. ining and her

Is that so?” replied Bob, in surprise.
gmzed

-: . . V '!
I 0” youlive. Theyoungladyreco

.;~ I ugulg as
 don't ,to”her, then?"-f
3 veu’t e nerve.

, id 1:1’! t ' wished, ‘ id
is d..3'°“...?. so’ “ ,7’§’uia an ’°" 2?.»
   Florodora ' "

s‘ A I , LURED BY THE MARKET

“Nonsense!” said Nick, ﬂushing up to his eyes.‘

The curtain didn’t rise‘

Do you know. them? 1

I  iiiatterliu tube carefully considered)‘
Q , «Nick. "I-‘t.was=too‘ , at rate;
r ;ug_shouia.imo.gean.ii;. sbiiiﬁ-I "’ ~

 

get a copy of the latest market quotations of the
estern exchanges in in pocket. That shows
Florodora at 30 cents on t e list.”

The curtain rose and the show began. Nick did
not glance at the young lady beside him during
the run of the first act, but it was clear that Miss
Claire had told her mother about the identity of
the boy who sat next to her, for when the cur- _,
tain fell on the act, and Nick looked around the ,5
house, he accidentally caught the eyes of Mrs. ’
Vining. The little widow bowed with a pleasant
smile, and Nick returned it politely. There were
no further advances on other side till the ﬁnal
C11_l:8il'l fell, then Nick turned to Mrs. Vining and
sai :

“I beg your pardon, Mrs. Vining, but I should
like to say a few words to you outside aboiit the .
Florodora stock which you bought of Mr. Sim-
rock the other day. Will you grant me a brief
interview?” . >

She looked surprised, as did her daughter, and
said: “Certainly.” A

Nick and Bob then allowed the mother and .4
daughter to precede them out of the theatre. “H,

CHAPTER IV.-—-Nick Gives the Vinings an
Unpleasant Shock.

When the party had reached the sidewalk Mrs.
Vining and _her daughter stopped and looked at
Nick inquiringly.  _

“To begin with, nia_dam,~t‘-had better 1’I,1t1'0d11OB

myself so that you will know who I am.
. He then told his name, and said he was work-
ing for Broker Hunter, on the same ﬂoor with
Broker lilackford, in whose oﬂice Mr. Simrock
was cashier.

“Now, Mrs. Vining, I hope you will’ under-
stand that my object in speaking to you on a
matter directly connected with your interest is’:
purely friendly one. I could not help hearing all
that passed between you and Mr. Simrock, be-
cause you stood close to where I was seated. You
sold him twenty shares of D. J: G. stock, worth
at the time $141 a share, or $2,820 altogether.‘
Had you insisted on taking the cash, which you ‘
were entitled to, you would have been all right, W
for money is money all over the world; but ya]: -, .
allowed yourself to be persuaded into taking a  .
thousand shares of Florodora min’ stock at
:%1aﬂsh$a1i:, iinlder the _i‘ilnpr_ession ﬁt 1; woulld be

a. are insi e six men ow, an

you any ‘idea what that stock is worth now‘!".,
_ "Why, isn't it worth 82 is share?” asked, the 
little widow, catching her breath, while  In,.:
daughter looked nervous and anxious. « ‘ I

f?i~}‘.i»‘?=“.‘:‘,;u‘.a“’i‘a¥;’  -

. . ,

“It is quoted today on the G 
at 30 cents. Here is a printed copy of the ,
mining report whi¢_:h.al_ brokers in Wall Street 
receive as soon as it is issued. ,You may take it  ~
withyouandl'ookatitatyoui-leisure.’ 

Hrs. Vining looked as if she was going ta}

1:. .
H-ﬁdwgitetshalll d9?,"BlIeB$Sd,i1|‘l.hIlﬂ$».,

"  . ..»

e. 

   

 
 

   

  
   
 

     

     
  

  

       

 
 

 LURED BY

“But a particular friend of ours recommended
lls to Mr. Simrock, and told me I could rely on
him doing the right thing by us,” said the lady.

“Well, I don’t think he did the right thing by
you in selling ou that stock. I have spoken to
my employer a ut-the matter, and he said that
the $2 quotation was, in his opinion, secured by
collusion between certain brokers working in the
interest of the mining company for the Plirpose
of disposing of a quantit. of the stock at as
high a ﬁgure as they coul get for it, In order
to do this, reports were circulated concerning a.
rich discovery of silver ore. If the reports were
founded on facts, the $2 quotation would in all
probability have held or advanced higher. I have
examined back numbers of the Western market
reports and found that prior to the jump of Flo-
rodora to $2, it was selling at from In to 25 cents
a share.”

“Why should Mr. Simrock tell me that the
stock was a line one to own,_ and that it would
surely be worth $10 a share in six months from
now?"

“I cannot say why he should tell you that, un-
‘less for the same reason that some men in Wall
Street say more than their prayers at times. Mr.
Simi-ock’s motives are known only to himself.
Possibly he saw the chance to make money out
of on. That is what men are in business in
W I Street for, but I don’t say that the ma-
jority of them, will take undue advantage of a
client. Men doing business in Wall Street are
just as honest, as a rule, as men doing business
anywhere else ;_but there are black sheep in the
ﬁnancial district as well as elsewhere.”

“Do you think Mr. Simrock cheated me?”

“I think he didn't do the right thing when he
sold you that stock at $2 a share."

V “What would you advise me to do? The loss
3% of most of-our $2,000 will place'us inan em-
 ling ﬁnancial position.”

-  “I will have another talk with Mr. Hunter, my

Vnployer, tomorrow, and see what course he
_ j Jlould suggest for you to follow. If you will let
’ .me have your address I will call on you tomorrow

i ‘ng and let you know what he says on the
'ect.”

.’ .  Mrs. Vining gave Nick her ad.dres§, 8135 he 33'

‘ ‘; 3 Killed her he would do everytlllllg 11‘ 111? POWGI‘

- to try and get her money back if the thing was
Quasi le. While talking the party had been walk-
-mg slowly toward the Sixth Avenue ele_ sta-
5 than. When they reached it the boys ass! d Miss

Vining and her mother into a car and sat down
 them. Nick told them a whole _lot about
 “ "T"the‘w’ay mining stocks were promoted and mump-

I .

  

1*

 
  
   
 
    
  
 

— ’ It taken in by specipus representations made by
,0.‘ . promoters in order to sell the ‘stock. A
 . Hrs. Vining and her daughter got off at the
» gisoua Streetstatioh. and though the b0 s had _a
' matter of ten blocks more to go_, they eemed It
.  duty to see the ladies to their door, and then,
‘after bidding them might. they walked up
 rted at the corner

 

       
   
 
  
  
 

and how the public was more often than .

THE MARKET 7

Vinings’ acquaintance, and had promised to do all
he could for her.

“I thought the best thing I could do was to lay
the thing before you and see what you would ad-
vise her to do,” said Nick.

“I should advise her to call on Mr. Simrock and
see what explanation he will make about the sud-
den slump in a stock which he represented as a
sure winner. Tell her to ask him to give her the
grounds on which he based his assumption that
the stock would go to par inside of six months.
Make a memorandum oi‘ the Goldﬁeld Board quo-
tations of Florodora for the past three months
and tell her to show it to Mr. Simrock, as evi-
dence that the mine was rather an uncertain
quantity which he ought not to have advised her,
a person wholly ignorant of mining values, to
buy a good thing. She might incidentally ask Mr.
Simrock. where he got the 1,000 share certiﬁcate,
though it is hardly likely he will oblige her with
a frank answer. Finally, you may take that let-
ter addressed to me from the Florodora Company,
which you will ﬁnd in the letter cabient, and show
it to Mrs. Vining. It will cast a little light on
the_ methods ‘adopted by mine managers to push
their stock.”

Nick and Mr. Hunter had some further talk on
the subject, and then the young messenger with-
drew. That evening Nick called on Mrs. Vining
and her daughter and told them what Mr. Hunter
had said about the Florodora matter. He handed
the little widow the memoranda of quotations he
had prepared for her enlightenment, and also the
letter sent by the manager of the mine to Mr.
Hunter. -

“If Mr. Simrock denies that he assured you
that the stock would go to par in six months you
can tell him that you have not only your. daughter
as a witness that he did, but Mr. Hunter's mes-
senger, who overheard the whole conversation. If
necessary, you may call on me to back up your
statement,” said Nick.

“You are very kind to take such an interest in
our alfairs,” said Mrs. Vining.

“Don't mention it. I consider it a‘ pleasure to be A

of service to you.” _

“We appreciate it very _much,” said Miss Claire,
looking gratefully at their visitor. “We are not
acquainted ‘with anybody who is familiar with the
stock market, therefore we are all they more in-
debted to you for your efforts in our behalf.”

“Well, Miss Vining, I hate to see anyone get A

done up in the Street in
way.” . _
“Then you really think that Mr. Simrock took
advantage of my mother's ignorance of mining
stocks?” ’
“I don’t ‘know whether I ought to sa so but
it is my private opinion that he did," rep 'ed Nic"-k.
“And yet he was strongly recommended to us
by a lady acquaintance."
“You mean Mrs.‘ Gates, of the Criterion apart-
ment house?” -
“Yes 7)

what I consider a crooked

“I've. known Mr. Simrock in a general way for,

over a year, and I am sorry to say that the um

I see of him the less I like him.‘ We messenge

rub elbows with half the brokers in the Street.

Wemeet all kinds of men, and we get into the

habit of sizing them up.
I‘ man’s diameter from trivial actions on his part.
I took particular notice of the oily way he acted

Wecanoftenjudgea_',"l

 

  

 ‘ toward your mother on the occasion when she
sold him the bonds. He was particularly slick in
forcing that stock on her without appearing to_do
so.‘ .1 knew nothing about the Florodora mine
one way or the other at the time. Had I been
familiar with its record, I should certainlyhave
tried to give you a hint, though by so doing I
must have got into trouble. As it was, Mr. Sim-
rock gave me a good calling down for telling your
‘gather about the advance in the price of D. &

“Do you think he intended to take advantage of
us in that also?” said Claire, with an indignant
sparkle in her eyes.

“Well. he knew D. & G. was worth 141, and I
think he made no oifer to give you over_140, there-

_ fore, you must draw your own conclusions.”
“Mamma. am afraid that we _made a very
~ W. great mistake in calling on Mr. Simrock,” said
» the young lady, turning to her mother. _ _
“‘I am afraid we did,” replied Mrs. Vining
“Mrs. Gates certainly cannot be well ac-
- V .  with him._’’ -
» e x “I believe Mr. Simrock told on that she was a
' . v_ery old friend of his,” said _ ick.
“He certainly did,” said Claire. “He gave us to
understand that it was wholb on account of his

é.

rds, letting us in on the ground ﬂoor of a
which I suppose he meant accord-
a particular favor.’ _
_ ‘Chat is what his words implie¢_i,_and1I_ must
‘t that it struck me-as a suspicious circum-
If Flor-odors stock was _such a good thing
" represenud it, I should think he would have
it an to his friend Mrs. Gates, or someone
whom he took an interest, in place of tum-
it over to your mother, who was a stranger to
, llilné” said Nick. ' _
* “ ow foolish we were, mamina, to be taken in!

   
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
     
    
   
  
   
  
     
      
 

, thing pear to ‘ li lit,”
2;  her slips $i‘i:huire‘i:aItiacii,i 9.? the
recollection.

Hrs. Vining made no reply, but the expression
her face indicated that she_was thinking:
whole lot. v It is the misfortune with a greatinany
le ' world that they do not. think of
* the , door till the horse is gone. In
‘ﬁlter words. they wake up 1900 late. and helm 150
how they ever could have made -such

ya at ves. A .

9.

5
§

7 CHAPTER V.-—What Nick Heard in the Ice

A  ' Cream Saloon.

I “An hour later Nick was on his way home up
 Avbuue. As he was using s end and
_  establishment, he ought h_e wo d go
' ﬁ’ﬂd plate of icream, something he was
Heentered the place and took his
with his back to the door. While
was eating the cream a lady and gentleman,

 

and took the table be~‘

eating.‘ W‘1;¥V:i,l',mIn'i1‘gt'i-yto out  ii

» .She°i,s.eertainiy.t‘he most

LURED BY THE MARKET

was to turn around and look to see if it real!
was Mr. Blackford’s cashier who had been -

dressed, but he checked the desire, for the lady’: ,

reference to Mrs. Vining told him that it must
be indeed the cashier. He listened eagerly for
Mr. Simrock’s reply.

"I won’t fofget you, Clara,” said the cashier,
in a familiar way. “Your friend was certainl
an easy mark. The Florodora stock I worked 0
on her was a part of a block we received from
the manager of the company, to be disposed of
when the price had been boosted to $1 or higher.
Mrs. Vining was one of the first lambs on whom
I unloaded a part of the stock at $2. Our commis-
sion is ﬁfty per cent., so we'll make a very satis-
factory commission on the sales we’ve made.” ....

“You sa that you induced Mrs. Vining to buy
1,000 sha s?” v

“Yes,” replied the cashier, with a satisﬁed
chuckle. .

“Then she paid you $2,000?"

“She did.” ~ ,

“Your proﬁt then is $1,000?”

“You have hit it right.”

“I think I am entitled to $250 of that,” said 7

the lady, who was clearly Mrs. Gates, laughingly.

“Your demand is not unreasonable, for you cer- -

tainly steered her to our oﬁice. I will bring the
matter to Mr. Blackfoi-d’s notice, and I have no
doubt that the next time I see you I shall have a
check for the sum in question drawn to your order
in my pocket, which it will give me great pleasure
to hand over to you," said r. Simrock.

"Small favors are always thankfully received,
Otis," replied the lady. A

“A check for $250 isn't uch a small one. You

 

7!

ought to be able to buy yourself several new '

gownsand hats with it.” ;

“Oh, I'll ﬁnd use for every‘ cent of it; but tell
me, what are you going to say to Mrs. Vining
when she ﬁnds out that Florodora is not what {oer-i
cracked it up?‘ And what shall I sa to her .w ,
she comes around and complains a ut the way
you took her in?"

c.

I
i

- “I shall tell her that she mustn't be  I

on account of her ap arent loss; That it it cus-

tomary with the insi era to bring about a sluniif 0 "‘ '
in price just before a contemplated ' adv?

in order to frighten nervous stockho ders
disposing of their holdings so that they, the " J“,

siders, can secure as much of the stock as pos-‘ ,.
sible in order to reap as ‘much beneﬁt as possible‘ -

out of the rise. That sort of thing is done right

al ou know, Clara, though it won't happen
in F ra, because ﬂue scheme is a diﬂerent .
one. Tell her .

You can tell her the same thiuga
not to worry, and above sllthings, ho
certiﬁcate: Advise her to keep away

very soon,” laughed Mrs. Gates.

“No, I don’t'£anc she will;
don't want her com in: around to; the
making a scene. - Such little exhibitions

omce

my nerves,” said‘ the cashier, rubbing his1h.arnds"i '

“ii eaii‘ 3 W13’ hed ‘ sh w I ‘
rs. see us again as ea remap...
She seemed to consider Mr. Sim ws 

w. ,

0!! to O19 
from  ’ ~
Street until she sees in’ the papers that Florodiiy,‘ _
"is ” t ‘ 

8° - , , ; .
“I'm afraid she won't see the announ M A 5., 

   

 LURED‘ BY THE MARKET

Why, I can turn

cated little woman I ever met.
her around my ﬁngers as easily as I can _
“llyself, for example,” chuckled Mr. Simrock.

’ “By the way, she has a very charming daughter

.555?--very charming, indeed.”

"' “Don't mention her, please,“ ejaculated Mrs.

Gates, almost spitefully. “I hate her.”
I “lI’a"y I ask why? Are you jealous of her good
“Not at all. I don't think she is so extremely
handsome. You gentlemen seem to be easily at-
by anything a triﬂe above the ordinary.

tracted ,
I hate her because she seems to read me hke a,

book and treats me rather coolly. While her
mother, on the other hand, has the most un-
bounded conﬁdence in me."
"The conﬁdence of others is what we should
.. ways aim to secure,” said Mr. Simrock, in a
sanctiinonious tone. “It is such a pleasure to do
business with people who trust you."
-“I agree with you, Otis. I wish the trades-
, people would trust me to a greater extent than
do. It is so annoying to have the butcher,
ﬁf baker, and newsman continually dunning me
’ about their odious accounts.”

“I sympathize with you, Clara," chuckled Mr.
Sinirock. “Well, if you have ﬁnished your cream
we will get along.”

, hIrs.\.Gates got up and followed her escort out
’ of the store, and Nick wasn't many feet behind
them. He stopped and looked after them.

.“I guess Mr. Simrock would have a ﬁt if he
kneuy I had overheard all he and his friend, Mrs.
Guts, said at the table,” he muttered. “They're
well mated, and a nice ﬁir of schemers, upon
my word; I must inform rs. Vining of the true
character of the woman in whom she has laced
such conﬁdence. I wouldn't be surprised ' Mrs.
Gates advised Mrs. Vining to sell her D. & G.
share; so as to give Mr. Simrock. the chance to

ﬁget in his ﬁne work. She admitted that she
Q steered Miss Claire's mother to Blackford’s office.
I call her a kind of female spider. _ I_dare say she
'._ works the conﬁdence game to the limit. She talks
'-like a pretty slick one. Th_e_woods are full of
_ ladies nke her who make ii living by their wits—
. ' ’ their lady friends. Blackford ought
to take her into his oﬂlce as a decoy. She d make
8 good one. It’s too bad that Bob wasii’t with
‘ ~ me tonight. He'd be able to corroborate all I
overheard, and I'll bet with our evidence Mrs.
 Vining would have been able_ to make Simrock
. ante up her $2,000 and take'_his worthless shares
of Florodora back. As it is, Mrs. Vining will
 to depend on my unsupported statement, and
,8imrockwillcallinealiar. I must see Mr.
Hunter about it in the morning. Maybe .119“ 5?‘?
co;-ngring thhgt-.  y w8l1l(*;;‘”Id
grvesunethmg' totrap ima ownga I
'3! this time Nick had reached his home and
g  _let himself in with his latchkey. It had been
‘cgsarnnged that Mrs. Vining and her daughter were
_ call on S‘ k ne day, and that she was to
ﬁrop in at Hr. mite. once and see Nick ﬁt-st.
Accordingly about eleven o'clock they appeared-
Nfiek was out on an errand at the» time, so they
lit and awited for him. Claire attracted

‘fillies-ﬁesliyoungbaauty. The clerks pthe

  

 
  
 

8‘

    
   
  

ellliﬁng-rIuialsonotieedher,andthei-ewasu

‘§;ﬂcing"donebythuu. Theysoondir

 

attention from the customers b rea-

9

covered that she and the little lady in black were
waiting to see Nick Travers.

They presumed that the young messenger was
well acquainted with the visitors, and envied him
the honor of knowing such a lovely girl. In the
meanwhile Nick was at the Exchange, which had
developed a sudden excitement around the pole
of T. & P. Neither Nick nor Bob had looked for
much activity in the stock for several days yet,
and that the former was surprised when he saw
by the blackboard that the price was steadily ris-
ing this morning, and the brokers were acting like
a lot of lunatics over it. When he entered the
Exchange it was going at 90—a rise of 4 1-2
points since the close of the previous day's busi-
ness. While he stood at the rail waiting for Mr.
Hunter to come over and get the nbte he had
brought, Bob came bouncing in with a note to
the ﬂoor representative of his ﬁrm. Right behind
Bob came Gid Wheeler. Blackford's messenger.
He seemed «to be in a. desperate hurry, and he
shoved Bob aside in his eagerness to secure a
coveted place at the rail just vacated by an A. D.
T. boy.

“Who are you shoving?” exclaimed Bob, giving
Wheeler a crack in the ribs with his elbows that

sent him off to one side, while Bob took the va-_

cant spot beside Nick.

“Hello, Bob. T. & P. is booming like a hone
aﬁre this morning,” said Nick.

“I noticed that it was going up by our ticker,”
answered Bob.

As he spoke. Gid Wheeler forced his way be-
tween Bob and another boy, practically shoving
Nick's friend out of his place.

“Here, what in thunder are you about?” roared
Bob, grabbing Wheeler by the collar of his jacket
and yanking him away from the rail.

Gid, with a snarl, thumped Bob in the face with
a, swing of his elbow. Bob returned the blow with
a jab in the jaw that made Wheeler’s teeth rat-
tle. In a moment the two boys clinched, and the

prospect of a scrap was good. Bob, however, '

knew that the messengers’ entrance was no place
for a free ﬁght, so he determined to bring the is-
sue to a quick conclusion. Putting out his foot
he tripped Gid over on the ﬂoor just as an at’-
tendant rushed over to interfere.

“I'll get square with you, see if I don’t,” said
Wheeler vindictively, as he got on his feet.

Then he noticed that he had dropped the en-
velope he had brought to deliver. He looked
around on the floor for it, but couldn’t find it.
Qne_of the frisky messengers had picked it up
and it was going from hand to hand, the last one
chucking it out on the ﬂoor of the big room. Gid
was in a great sweatover his loss. He had been
told by Simrock to deliver it to Mr. Blackford in
a great hurry as it was important.
B ‘{,You picked up ihy note,” he said, glaring at
o . ’ .

“Get out. I didn't see it," re lied Bob.

“You want to get me in troub , blame you!"
_ “Oh, fade away," retorted Bob impatiently.

“I want you to give it up, and quit your f_oolin’.”

“What's the matter with you? I haven't got
your note. Look on the ﬂoor.”

“I have I " /‘Yr?

“Look in your pockets.”

“Ain't in my pockets." - _

‘Well, it's your funeral, not mine," replied

   

10 ’

Bob, turning back to the rail, just as Mr. Hunter
came upland took Nick’s note.

— A moment later Bob delivered his, and the two
ho s left the Exchange just as the deinoralized
Wheeler saw what he believed to be his note lying
on the main ﬂoor.

 

CHATTER v1._;m Boom in 'r. e P.

When Nick reached the oﬂice he found Mrs.
"Vining and her daughter waiting to see him. He
greeted them politely and then reported his return
to the cashier. Returning to them, he said:

“I have something of importance to tell you,’

Mrs. Vining}? - _

' Mother and daughter looked interested. Nick
then told them how he had visited the Seventh
Avenue ice cream saloon after leaving their ﬂat;
how Mr. Simrock and’Mrs. G_ates had come in
and taken the table behind him, and repeated
their conversation as near as he could remember
it. Mrs. Vining was astonished to learn how little
of a friend Mrs. Gates really was, but her daugh-
ter was not greatly surprised. ’ .

“I have told mamina repeatedly that I had my
doubts about the friendship shown us by Mrs.
Gates. but as I couldn’t actually prov that hei-
protestations were not genuine, mamin-3 persisted
in keeping up the intimacy,” said Claire. “Now,
thanks to you, Mr. Travers, her true character is
before us, and I think mamma _is fully convinced
that she has been greatly deceived_ in her. The
conversation between her and Mr. Simrock, which
ﬁg so fortunately overheard, shows beyond any

lit that niamnia was cheated when she paid
$2,000 for that certiﬁcate of stock. Don’t you
think that Mr. Sin-irocli can now be made to take
the stock back and return us tlie_nioney?”

“I told Mr. Hunter this morning what I over-
heard Mr. Simrock say about the way in which
the Florodora shares came into Mr. _Blackford’s
nlsseuion, and he said that as in testimony could
not be substantiated. Mr. Sim would probably
deny that any such conversation had taken place

een him and Mn. Gates, In that case his

-‘word would be as good as mine, while he would
-1, have ‘the additional advanta

of Mrs. Gates to
back him up, which she un oubtedly would, for

 her own interest as well as Mr. Simrock’s. He

said there was no doubt in his mind that Mrs.
Gates and Mr. Simrock were hand in glove in
little matters of this kind, That Mrs. Gates got
a commission out of all business she sent Mr.

a Blaekford through Mr. Simrock, who, while not

_e partner of Mr. Blackfoi_-d’s, was still a very im-

‘. portaat factor in his oﬂice. He told me to tell

you. Mrs. Vining, to go to Mr. Blackford and ‘lay
your grievancebefare him personally and possibly
some coin roinise might be reached in the-matter.
All blo transactions are put through by
' as it would not pay Mr. Blackford
“who  in such steals, though»,
°  h:'u:'.’es1immei:1 is hair. Bla'ck£1rd’s
'3'?’ paid’ or ring any '11!!!
’m:,3dattadb to his shadyktransactions.” .
'."{heavI  go  . Blackford,”’s8id

7*‘?


.,::3Wwi"

 

  

LURED BY THE MARKET

kford is aware of them. ‘In_

  

iii. is zine’-s 
 s».:«t m=’ites=.  >~msate¢—

   

is between half-past nine and ten, or around
three.”

“Then we will come down tomorrow at half-‘ 72
past nine,” said the little widow. "

“I think you had better make it three in the :7
afternoon, for then I will be at your service if -
you want to send for me to repeat before Mr.
Blackord the conversation I overheard between .~
Mr. Sinirock and Mrs. Gates. Even if the cashier i
should brand me as a liar, Mr. Blackford will ‘I!
know that I am telling nothing‘ but the truth, and
for fear that the matter might become public,
he might consider it advisable to make some sat-
isfactory arrangement with you.” .

“Mamma and I will return at three today if
possible. If not today, you may expect to see us
tomorrow. We will come here ﬁrst, if you do not
object,” said Claire.

“Come _here ﬁrst by all means, and be assured
that I will do everything in my wer to hel
you make a settlement with Mr. B ackford,” sai
Nick earnestly. ~

“Thank you, Mr. Travers,” said Claire, ﬂashing '
a grateful look at him. “We are indeed fortu- A
nate to ﬁnd such a good friend as you in our tron- -
ble. We shall not forget your kindness as long mi
as we live, whether we are successful in recover- ;
ing our money or not." ‘ ’ * "

With those words both ladies rose from their
chairs and offered their hands to Nick.

“I fear we have given a great deal of trou-
ble in this matter,” added the girl, “and I am
afraid it will be impossible for us to repay you
except with our thanks)’, _ _,

“You can ‘repay me by _acc_e ting me‘ as a
friend, ’ replied Nick, “thatis, 1 you think I am
worthy of that honor."

“The honor is ours, Mr. Travers,” replied 4.
Claire. “A friend in need is a friend indeed, it is 
said. We are in need and_ you have generously 
come to our aid without solicitatiomon our part.
I speak for inamina as well'as myself when I
say that we shall always recognize you as our
most valued friend.” '

“Thank you, Miss Vining-,”'re lied Nick, who j
then showed the ladies out into t e corridor and 
saw them aboard the elevator. — ‘ 3‘
_ The_rest of the day up to three o’clock passed 1;.
in a kind of wh_irl with Nick. T. & P. stock, in‘ 
which he and his friend Bob were so vitally in-. . _.
terested, kept mounting up as steadily as the the!» {pi
mometer _on a hot summer day. An hour after 
Mrs. Vining and her_ daughter left'tlie oﬂce it
was going at 95. Nick was kept on the hustle
carrying orders to his boss at the Exchange. The —,
reception-room raidly ﬁlled with customers, a'b- gate‘
tracted from uptown by the news of a big boom _N_ =3
on in Wall. Street. The streets were ull»~of 
lambs hurrying to the diﬂerent oiﬁces where they " 3;
expected to do business. Almost every clerk in
the brokerage houses expected to have to put in
overtime that day to‘ catc up with the unexpected ~.» 1
volume of business that the booiu in T. & P. had '
brought about. . _ 

Of course every speculator wasn't buying '1‘. E 
P. All stocks of’ importance were 
in the rise to some extent, and speculators have 
their preferences, even when one particular stock‘
shows more promise than the Nick‘ 
kept on the run. in common with the 

but he wasitoo much aeeustcnoiitneﬁi
amsthuo

i

  
 

   

 
 

      

;f._ i LURIED BY THE MAARKET

, 0 less, because his stock was ‘going up so quickly.
_ advance of a point represented $100 in his

 

t, and when at noon he saw it marked up at
96 he knew that he was $1,000 to the good. But
it didn't stop at 96, not by a great deal, It kept 011
u to 100, the par value of the shares. and was
-51mg for 101 at one o'clock. Shortlﬁ afterward
he passed Bob on Broad Street. Neit er stopped,
for they were too much rushed.
“What do you  of T.  P.:.:" shouted Nick.
“I think it's going out of sight, replied Bob.
Just then the larger part of an apple caught
Bob in the back. of the neck, and he turned in
-time to catch sight of Gi_d Wheeler, dodging be-
hind a wagon with a grinning face. Nick saw
the whole thing, darted forward and capture
{Wheeler by the jacket. “ _ '
. “Why did you_th1'ow' that apple at Barclay?”
_he asked aggressively.
: “who threw any apple?” "replied Wheeler, with
? {Bulky scowl. . -
 “You did, for I saw you." ~

 

 
  

on, you’re dreamin’."

 . nkk kkked Gidfs legs from under him and ke t
 on toward the Exchange. Wheeler fell under‘ t e
' end of an Italiaivs apple cart. In scrambling on
his feel: he hit the bottom of the cart a whack
 that brought tears into his eyes and a howl from
hi. lip; It also brought; how! of another kind
from the dago, for the tipping up_ of one end of
= the cart upset part of the apples into the street.
Half a dozen bootblacks and messengers began a
‘ lersnible for them. The apfle vendor rnade a
grab for Gid. but that foxy ad eluded him and

 

  
  
  
  
     
    
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
  

out, and then the Italian was left to ii lit
for E rty. When Nick reached the x-
_ K  .wa.sgoing at 102. ~
: ‘I wonder where it will fetch u at?’ thought
young messenger as he Waite _for a chance

to deliver his note. fl inus_tn’t wait..too long to
ﬁnd out, or something might hapyen thin I
i ‘wouldn't like. I'm so busy that I don taco how I
T can 0‘ to the little bank to order my shares sold
wilnatfter the Exchange closes. That’; the dis-
. of h8Ving~a side isslilielto logkf Ift:1r..

tune‘ o boss ti ‘m 0 or
ﬁnind Estligmtiet lohnks; of things I’l_l havg all I
our do to attend to my-legitimate kuﬁgesi-té d
Here Mr. Hunter canie‘up. 1900 11° 311

 him. When three o’cloc.k_aIm8 1‘- & P.
fcloood at 107 3~8-—-‘a rise or 23¢-onnts that day-
llie afternoon papers had a I I_t¢c0I11!_t Of the
boom. One’ or two of (:39 ﬁnancial ¢d1t°!'5 !‘€'
‘marked that the stock looked to ;he8VY- W159
tors noting the fact, left hnz orders for
morning with their brokers. When Nick came

_to theolﬁcevafter carrying the (is s heavy

, ’ to the Manhattan National ~_ {inky be
for the appearance of Mrs. Vinin and
Biting When they didn't show up -by 1'18 -133?‘
v , heconciuded that they had postponed their
am to Wall Street until the morrow.~ A3 be
nnliiiimrfurther to keep liun._at the allies, 118
 '!or horne. On the way he 5'50 P95 3'5 “*9
 onixaesau Street aadsl “an‘ order
 clerk of  depart-

 100  '

  

 
     
     
         
       

   

   
   

 

  
   

.' Please state w
= Nick .

1]

CHAPTER VII.--—The Whitewashing of Mr. Sim-
- rcck’s Character. . _

Nick said nothing to his folks about his success
in the market. They didn’t even suspect that he
was worth the $1,200 he had before he went into
T. & P. His purpose was to surprise them some
day with the size of his pile. He was on pins
and needles until the market opened strong next
-morning, for he could not tell but something
might happen overnight to queer his expecta-
tions. Nothing happened, however, and his shares
were duly sold at the proﬁt he had ﬁgured out.
T. & P. did not go more than W?‘ point higher that
morning, and the wise ones o had not already
sold took that as a sign that the boom had reached
high-water mark, and they hastened to unload.

The foolish ones. those to hang on for the last a

dollar, clung to the expectation that T. & P.
would go to 110. It didn't.

The pool of boomers cashed in and then left the
crowd to wrestle over the stock to their heart’s
content.‘ The usual result followed. The boa
sizing up the situation, began sellin heavily,
this speedily unsettled the price, an soon a slump
set in. which ended in a kind of anic. In an
hour T. & P. was below par, and sti l falling, and
there was wailing and gnashing of teeth in hun-
dreds of brokers’ ofﬁces. Promptly’ at three,
o'clock Mrs. Vining and Claire appeared at Mr.
Hunter’s oﬂice and found that Nick was out at
the bank. Six minutes later he returned, handed
the bank book to the cashier, and joined the ladies.

“I guess .you’ll find Mr. Blackford in now,” he
said. “Better go right in, and don’t let him talk
you out of your money. If you give him a Btiﬁ
talk, and tell him you have proof that Hr. Sili-
rock took an unfair advantage of your ignorance
of_ mining values, he may do something for you.
Siinrock will be called in to explain, but that will
be all bluﬁ'. If you want me to back you up, ask
Mr. Blackford to send his oﬁlce boy after me. I’ll
wait here till I hear from you or

. _Fifteen minutes later Gid Wh
said Mr. Blackford wanted to see him.

“All right, Giddy, go ahead and I'll follow.”
“Don't you call me Giddy,” snorted 

Niglslo, it ain't. My name is Gideon.”
“Well, Gideon, get a move on and escort me into
your boss's sanctum.”
' "Aw, shut up," replied Gid. walking awn

When Nick entered Blackford’ once he ¥i'idn't

see Siinrock at his desk. so he he was in
the })1'lVBte_r00!n with the broker and the

He ound his guess was correct as soon as he on-
tered Blackford’s private room. Simrock locked

dagzers at him‘. and ﬁlackford didn't look any  e 
gfor you, Mr. Black‘ford‘!"'=ho_,

pleasant.

“What can I
inquired

“This.lad ind‘ tin llirs.V ' “says
overheard ay convelagatigi between «snug
and a lady in an ice cream saloon on

     

Avenue the other evening with reference totho
Florodora mine. ,was not to his credit.
........ ...=-= s=...v°“..c".a..=* .......'   c 

   
 

ei‘-Icainein and

sit”:

' . . Wheeler. ’ '
‘ Why not‘! It's your name, isn't it?” chuckbd

    
   
  

 LURED BY

ﬁnished. “The lady I was talking to was gm old
' friend of mine named Gates, and we didnt talk
1 . about Floi-odors or any other stock. I Seldom
‘ talk shop away from the oﬂice. This boy, who‘
seems to have made Mrs. Vining’s acquaintance
somehow, is only trying to make trouble for us.”
I. didn’t expect that you would admit saying
. what you did to Mrs._ Gates, for it would crim-
fl. inate you,’ replied Nick resolutely.
'  “Criininate me, you young rascal!" roared the
V cashier. “How dare you use such a word in con-
. Zr nection with me?"
“Because it appliesto you. You knew when you
sold Mrs. Vining .that stock that you were work-
‘ ' in‘? a gold brick off on her. If Mr. Blackford
A _' doesn't make_ you return, the money and take
* ‘ I back the certiﬁcate, I'll show you up all over the
Street. I'll tell every broker 1 know 8500‘: the
’ transaction, and I guess if you have any reputa-
'— tion left it will ﬁnd its way up Salt River.”
‘ /Mr. Simrock glared at Nick in speechless rage,
while Mr. Blackford looked at the plucky lad as
,5”: .3; jg would have given him great satisfaction to
i - throttle him. Nick didn’t care a pinhead for their
I Lblack looks. He was there to back up the little
‘widow’s cause, and Claire’s bright eyes spurred
‘him on.
. “Madam, I’m sorry that you impute dishonor-
. able motives to my cashier,” said the broker. “If
I "he -was that kind of a. man. I wouldn't have him
" in my oﬁice. He sold you the stock in good faith:
I and it isn’t his fault. nor is it mine, that the _price
3:: dropped to twenty-ﬁve cents where it is to-
y-”: ' . ' ,
“He never sold the stock in good faith," chipped
' in.,,Niclt. ‘<‘He knewthat the uotation of $2 for
Flforodora’ was a fake one. on ought to make_

1  "!=‘don.'t-‘want to hear anything more from you,
"  mars’; glowered the broker. ' “You can get

 

 

 

 

  
  
    
    
   
    
  
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
    
   

’ '“’1‘hank you for emission to depart," replied
‘Nick {,r_onicall,y. “ an I be of further use to you,
In mn .
1 ﬁnow. These men do not seem to be-

‘  d0B't
'- ' your statement of _what you overheard. I
-"think I will go,-too, as it doesn't ap at as if I

$124” In ing to get any redress,” said rs. Vining.

An} 3(;;_tBt1cac}l‘:fordltEoes§’_t mallie good tyoiuralsoss‘,

" r. imroc arres e
“' am on‘, for will just what he is,” said Nick
S‘ ‘i . __With‘ian ejaculation of rage the cashier i_nade'- .
gt. gains at the‘boy, but_ Nick, with a tantalising-
‘ ,, , 'ped out. of his reach, and out of the
ayes well. Qimrock chased him as far as

I .  403;;  he  aS_lWely1o];1‘3Ve 
mg] ; -wis an e. e n - «

‘ >A -0 Nick’sp~‘exciting aegxlit, Mr. lack-

 Vining $600*as a compromise,
insuave tones that husgas very sorry,
asato the honesty of a transaction,
taken place in his oﬂice had arisen in
‘ ‘ fnrtliffr toldbolger ttl;‘atS1;IIi§‘l,¢t bars
iatorsrputatlloni‘ ’y in e .911,
- ‘A A  hﬁnbe depended on. particu-

 Jtlteﬂhﬂt‘ . diated by'a’
  ss......:.~.1";‘..'¢.....“9-"‘ »...i.......i.
’ , ' ' . I . ,0‘ prove his

ﬂit?
 onto

   

y

 
   
 

  

&«

_, the room  veriﬁed.
his  heﬁ-we: it

THE MARKET

gravers was -known as the worst liar in Wall.
treet.

Wheeler was only too delighted to bear testi-
mony against Nick, whom he cordially detested,
and in addition to corroborating his boss, he vol-
untarily added additional evidence calculated to
blacken Nick's reputation as much as possible.
Mrs. Vining could scarcely believe that the boy
who had tried to help her out of her trouble was
so bad as he was represented by the Blackford
bunch. As for Claire. she didn’t believe it at all.

‘Her eyes flashed indignantly, and she told the
broker that he must be mistaken, for during the
short time that she and her mother had known
Nick he had shown himself to be a perfect young
gentleman. ’ "

“You don’t know him, young lady. He’s a kind

of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde combination. In other
words, an arch hypocrite. To see him sometimes
you'd think that butter woul‘dn’t melt in his
mouth. That’s the way he comes it over his ein- «
player, who thinks he is the essence of perfection.
I was deceived in him myself for a long time. In
fact, Mr.‘ Simrock once was so prejudiced in his
favor that he wanted me to get him away from
Hunter, and I went so far as to offer him a hi her
salary to come to work for me. Isn't that 0. act,
Mr. Simrock?” said Mr. Blackford, appealing to
his cashier.

“It is, indeed,” replied Mr. Simrock, with a
sanctimonious air. .“I ‘once thought that boy was
a treasure, but, alas! for the weakness _of human
nature, I disco red that he was a young wolf
masquerading i sheep's clothing."

The cashier spoke as if the fact that Niclgin his
opinion, was not what he ou ht to be, occasioned
him much spiritual pain. la_ire listened in si-
lence, but s e took no stock in the statements
made against Nick. The sour'eo'from which they
came did not appeal to her, for had not Mr. Sim-
rock deceived and ’swind1ed her mother with
Florodora stock? She put no trust in either gen-
tleman, while "she had the utmost conﬁdence in ' ‘
the ‘young messenger, whose friendship'for ,
mother and» herself she was satisﬁed was genuine.

“Well,” said the broker to Mrs. ‘Vining, “shall
I draw youa check for $500, as an evidence that
I wish to do the right thing by you, even at a
personal loss?" _

_“I think you ought to take the stock_ back and . '3
give my mother her $2,000," replied Claire, speak- ’
mat for her mother. “We areinot satisﬁed that . ,~
an unfair advantage hasnot been taken of us.” - '

"My dear young lad , you ask too much. If
we ‘refunded to every y who felt aggrieved over
the fall in price of a stock t_he§‘r”purc.hased in this
oriﬁce, I would havepto go out business. I see
nothing irregular in the. transaction. Mr. ‘Sim-

vrock assures me that he did not force the stock _
upon your mother. Heradmits that he told her it
was a good investment, and the nnex drop _ ,_
doesn't absolute] show that it isn't. «He did  ,' '7
tell you it woul ’t go down. What he did In ._
was that in his opinion Florodora would be  
$10 a share in‘ about six months. Isn’t.'tha‘t so!‘ 

Mrs. Vining had. to admit thatgtliat was thug”

LweXl._ then,” continued the broker, “you

justice t‘0’,¥1'..Sl!_n1‘I¢k.'W85C for
inoitths andcsee whether his’ I A ' p ’
nqtu Mr. 811:1:-ocjlr In with

insulin igﬁhtrevct all tend .

  
   
  

      

  
 
  

    
  
   

  
  
 
 

 
 

  

 V the oﬁce

 

  
 

I’ 1' it isn't necessary

LURED BY THE MARKET

mines, and there are many reasons for believing
that Florodora will eventually bob up as a _winner
like the famous Jumbo of Goldﬁeld. Mr. Simrock,
I assure you, is a Christian man, a deacon in his
church, and eminently respected and admired by
a large circle of friends who have had many op-
portunities of proving the sterling worth of his

character. Possibly in his over anxiety to d0 V011 '

whit he thought to be a favor, he represented the
stock in a triﬂe too glowing a way, so if he made
a mistake, it was one of judgment and not of the
heart. His heart, madam, is in the right place.
I ought to know, for I have had intimate business
relations with him for ten years, and I trust him
implicitly. He could easily rob me of thousands
,_ of dollars in his position of cashier for I do a very
large business in the aggregate, if he _was by na-
ture crooked. No, madam, you have mistaken Mr.
‘ Simrock, and he feels much hurt over even the in-
sinuation that he had not done_f9;irl bylyou.”
As the broker spoke the cashier s ac_e assumed
a look of injured innocence and pathetic resigna-

Ollo .

“In fact, madam, I may say in conﬁdence that
the $500 I am offering you will come from him,
as I do not consider myself at all responsible for
ymir temporary loss. Mr. Simrock told me to
give it to you, for he says he would rather lose
-every dollar he owns than feel that he was_in the
least degree responsible for causin you distress
of mind. So‘you should see, ma am, that Mr.

,8imrock is not the swindler that reckless young
Travers would ‘have you believe. Shall I draw
that check?” ~ .

Mrs. Vining seemed much impressed b Mr.
Blacl:ford’s lowing tribute to his cashier, t ough
Claire wasn , and as;-leed to take the check and
retain the stock pen g future developments.

CHAPTER VIII.——-Nick Undertakes a Perilous
Feat.

It was four o'clock nearly when Mrs. Vining
and Claire returned to Mr. Hunter’s oﬁice, where
Nick was waiting for them. Mrs. Vining told
him that she had settled for $500 and was to keep
the stock.

“I suppose that was the best you could do.” re-I

' - “but 't isn't fair just
$°d,.t,i’,§_y°r‘i:go.?§§1if?$g§i{ve takexn the stock’back
and refunded the whole of our money. He is
3500 ahead through the swin e, less whatev_er_he

eels inclined to allow Mrs. Gates as commission
for her share in the outrage.”

Claire then told Nick how Mr. Blackford had '

333,11 ' , d h M . S‘ k and
°‘' “‘ °’ﬁi3'§§§§o:?é‘me3‘i.am.’ mi~.’i."1‘.1°ugi..d.

(I hardly expect them 130 SI-leak Wen °f
cognized me as the gauge of your»
‘making a demand on them for J“3tl¢€. he 581d-
“I am sure you won't think the less of me on such

I  evidence. i have tried to do the best I c_ould for
I ’ you in this matter, and I think I have given you

,every opportunity to judge me ‘as I deserve. It_ is
true you know very little about me but I am will-

’ :,h¢ to be judged on that little. . hould you en-

btteshﬁfto the.honestnyltg‘my en-
" , orm ‘GHQ 31acteI_ 9
In your 11 to ooliitmuc the a‘ t-
3?; .1. am fully repaid y the

In!

I for
“Vance. I won't ‘kick.

 
 

       

 

' and been congiatula

     

13-

fact that you have got something out of Mr.
Blackford. As for my being, as Mr. Blackford
asserts, the worst boy in Wall Street, I could
easily disprove it by referring you to fifty outside
brokers who know me in a general way. The
fact that I have been in this otlice for three years
is a pretty good sign that I have given satisfac-
tion to Mr. Hunter, and he couldn’t aﬁord to keep
a messenger who earned a bad reputation in the
Street. In fact, no broker would, for messengers

are required to do credit to the offices where thy .

are employed.”

“We didn't believe a word that Mr. Blackford or
others said against you,” said Claire, in a tone
that showed she meant it. “We would indeed be

' very ungrateful to you if we permitted ourselves

to be prejudiced against you by the statements of
interested persons. We shall continue to regard
you as our friend, and I hope you will give us an

. opportunity of proving it by calling on us when-

ever you feel inclined to do so.”

“Thank you, Miss Vining, for this assurance.
I shall be very glad to visit you and your mother
any time that you will receive me," replied Nick,
his heart beating quicker“than usual under the
glances of the girl’s lovely eyes.v_ “Now if you
like, I will see you’ to the elevated.”

They accepted his escort and he rode uptown
with them. In fact, he got out at 130th Street
and saw them to their door and walked home the
rest of the way. Next day Nick got a settlement
and his check from the little bank. He imme-
diately put the money into 300 shares of O. & W.
stock on margin, for he saw it was goin up, and
he thought he saw a good chance of ing an-
other thousand at least to his capital. He paid
116 for the 0. & W. shares, which was rather
low for them, and he looked to see them go above
120 in a day or two. He was not wrong in his
judgment. On Tuesday of 'the following week 0.
& W. reached 122 1-2 and Nick sold out, making
about $1,800 proﬁt, which made him worth some-
thing over $5,000. Bob Barclay was in high
feat er over his proﬁt out of T. & P. His $100
margin had expanded into $300, and that made
him feel rich.

“I wish you'd get hold of another tip as good
as that one,” he said to Nick.

“Why don't you try and get hold of one your-
self for a change? You have the same chance to
do so that I have.” _ ‘

_“I wouldn't object,” said Bob. “Good things
like that don't often come within reaching dis-
tance of us messenger boys."

“I don't rely on tips to make money in the
market; if I did, I guess my deals would be few
and far between. I just made $1,800 on 0. & W."

“The dickens you did! What, on top of your
'1‘. & P. proﬁts?”

“Yes. ‘I noticed that it was low and going up,
so I bought 300 shares at 116 and sold it yester-
day for 122 1-2. Now it's 121 3-4." __

“You're a lucky boy,.all right."

_ “I think there was as much judgment as luck
in the deal. 0. J: W. is a giltedged stockfand
a "safe proposition to take chanea in at times.
This happened to be one times.”

An hour or so later
some papers to take to
copied. Nick had already thld
bunch of money he mbpiehed u out of T. &.P

Y I‘.

   

 r

14

the papers tn; her he surprised her with the.ii_1-
f¢]31rm:};hr<;n tlhat lligalhad abddczi v$%,800 more to his
1) ‘?Uponugy :vord,_I*li1ck,.you seem to be a born
speculator,” _she--‘said. “Tl11at’sdvI;)hy,ﬂto use lyotiri;
s n ou were ure y emar e.
ow“? ;lx1£;:still:t’syl'lg‘l'lt. I'm right in my element
when I've got a deal on. It would be a great
. advantageto me, don’t you think, if I Wa_S my OW?!
boss, angh in a p(i(Sltt:l0n to give my exclusive atten-
t'on to e mar e .”
tl_ “You aren’twthi'nking of giving up your posi-
mgﬁfiejulﬁuét present; abut I can't say what I
ma doi In the neat: lfutlur 3:1 _d u bef re
vis oo an consi er we 0
you lﬁap. e0}h°euunfortunate deal might strip you
l’.§,2"..‘”f..‘1’§°’:‘§¥ Z°‘£.'3’§..i‘f.‘.?"§;;.f‘:§3» "‘°" ’°‘“‘
"Oh? I ﬂ\;von’t lshaﬁre place until I feel pretty
t e .”
 ' suijdrdayﬁﬁaiizlwcaolatié he  ﬁat with a not:
 ~ t . ’ o e. ' eeerwasou
 I at the tinge. glricli wasc rathelr dubious about the
kind of reception  would receive from. the
v '°'°"°* *5‘:-* “.5 "““‘-‘it. T-“°i.W‘*—'°.."°°*: “rs”?
. w in e in res 0 rs.
‘  Buiirlbigtingn-in hge had cut the pfroltit they
' expected to make in two_, and_n.eith_er o t e men
 : _/ could forgive  for his activity in the matter.
 * However, Nick didnt care a snap _for Blok-
 ’ ford :1:-ehis cash1er£°ei‘the11;.t l3c«l2‘i‘ng satisﬁed no;
 tit yresorted, ar ri .no recogmz
~ ‘ xhrokers generally, he had lost all respect for
. °"' °'.***‘**:..°*;*“*°:.**a..“1,*=*='.: ’*°.';=;"e*e:*..:?.‘**.°.‘.*.;
’ un to er cas
&'::1§rk§°in thg. middle of the reception-room
' in a wordy scrap. Blackford looked
m the cﬁflhiir far from Iran li!e,hwLll1il; the
o oneowomwasano -eaema
' ‘ with a smoothly shaven face, appeared to be dis-

 

,i have cost me money.”_ ”
“I am very sorry, sir, {altered the old man,
“but--”

“Bot nothing," snorted Blackford. “It's my
 u"ve outlived your usefulness.”
“ “I’ve_ n with you ever since you started,
ﬁfteen years ago,’ and——’
g‘ “What in thunder do I care how long you've
, ‘ been $128? I’ve paid you tor your services,
, es. sir,” replied the old inan, meekly. “ﬁnd
Jive done in duutky faithfully-’ ,
“This looks. c it, don't it?” sneezed the
, shaking a paper in front of the clerks

sir my wife has been very ‘sick
:5}: rrﬂrgd she  die. we};

cars. .31: my same
is made? Inca little forgetful.
' this time, and '_I will

ID
a

 
  
  

  
 
   
     
  

 
  
  

*e.a'3-H.-can

LURED BY  MARKET

“I tell»? . Saunders, I won't .stand _for_- this I
kind M ” roared tlm broker. “This 18 the
A geggad, ‘ e you’ve made this week, and both

_ Hunter what had happened in Blscldordﬁr 

please me. Unless he's willing to take the
responsibility of retaining you, ‘you'll have to go.
That's all there is to it. As for you, young man,"
he added, turning to the junior clerk,” Mr. Sim-
rock informs me that he would rather have your
room than your company here, so your connection
with the oﬂice will cease Saturday."

As the broker turned away Nick stepped up.

“Note from Mr. Hunter, sir,” he said ooolLy.

Mr. Blackford glared at him a moment and
then seized him by the arm.

“I’ve got you at last, young man,” ejaculated
the broker, with a malevolent look. “Mr. Sim-
rock, please get between us and the door. I don't
want this youn whippersnapper to get away be-, _
fore I've had it _out with him.” ‘ ._,.

“I’ve got nothing to say to you, Mr. Black- 4
ford,” replied Nick, snatching his arm awa . 

“But I’ve something to say to you,” said B - T,
ford, making a grab for him. *

Nick eluded him, and, seeing that his escape
by way of the corridor was cut, 011’, he made a
spring for the open window, and stepped out on
the .wide coping which ran the length of the
building. The broker tried to stop him, but failed,
for Nick left the window and hegan to feel his
way along the coping toward the corner of Wall
Street-—a nervy and dangerous feat. ‘ 

“He mustn't escape!” roared Blackford, trying ‘
to reach Nick with the hook end of his cane. is

Simrock grabbed‘ a big ink bottle and threw
it at the boy, but missed him. The extraordinary
scene created great excitement in the street. Nick
kept on as coolly as if he were walking on the
pavement below. and to the rage and disappoint-
ment of his enemies, disappeared around the
corner of Wall. The first window he came to was
partly raised. He pulled it up still further and.-
stepping in the room, found himself in the private »
oﬁice of a well-known broker. , ‘

  

    
       
       
 
      
      
         
      
        
  
    
  
 
      

CHAPTER IX.—Nick Picks Up a Gilt-Edged Tip
-’ and Makes a Wad Out of it. '

There was no one in the room at the moment.
As Nick turned to close the window a gust of
wind blew several papers of! the broker s vomn
desk. Nick stooped and picked them up. ' 0
doing so he unconsciously read the writing on
one of them which ran as follows:

“Stone-—L. dz 0. is the stock. Bu eve
that is oﬁered. and follow the ma
you to stop.

slnro
t I tell.

“Benson.” \

“That means a corner,” thought Nick,‘ as he '
returned the papers to the desk. "I didn't mean 
to read the paper, but somehow I couldn't '
it. and now I ve got hold of a valuable tip. W _
it won't hurt anybody for me to. know about it._.
£3 '1’ won't mention it to any one unless it is‘

l_Ie'walked out of the room unnoticed, forﬁi
waiting—room was deserted at that hour, and, »
turned to his own oﬂloe, /where he told

 

    
   
  
   

how to escape from the



   

‘the outside of the buildin as far as Broker
" 8tone’s oﬂice. Mr. Hunter appreciated the risk
.j his messenger had run and he was indi nt at
§"‘,Blacl:ford. He went into Bla_ckford’s o ce and
»~. ._1is.d a pretty sharp talk with him. . * _
 “The boy might have fallen, ‘III which case he
.. would have been killed,’.’ he said. ~

4 “That wouldn’t have been my fault,” retorted
5 Blackford. “I didn't force him out of the win-
.-dow. He deliberately got out -himself. Mr. Sim-
‘rick and I both tried to restrain him, but were
~ unable to reach him.” _ 0 , _
i “It is just as well that you didn’t reach him,
for you might have caused him to lose lns balance.

     
 
  
   
  
   
    

have tried to make his escape by the window,”
 Mr. Hunter. V
, “Well, I had a bone  pick with him,” growled
-Blackford. "Be butted into a business matter of
mine, and I intended to give hiin_a calling down."
J “You could have had your g-rie.vance_out with
in your private room, and without resorting
 to pl: sical violence. I trust you will not _interfe_re
* ‘ with  again in the same way. as he is a spir-
ifed boy, and might do things he would _1'e8'T0t- '
. Blackforcl did not offer to.tel1~ his grievance to
‘Hunter. , _ _ _
‘ '—Indeed, from his visitor's manner he suspected
Nick cl already acquainted l’l.lIn‘W1lI_h the facts of
case, and as they were not over creditable to

    
   
  
  
   
     
   
  
     
  
    
 
 

took‘  leave. .-
= ext , orniiig Nick found a chance to gothe
: n3. on which heheld a certiﬁcate of de-
.. posit foi;”$5,000, and he put it up as margin on 500
6ltl‘reqofL.&0.at80'. - ‘ _
. He had thought the matter over, and was satis-
ﬁedvthat the tip was .a gilt-edg~ed_oiie/, and that he
could afford to take the risk -of it turning out to
tea winner. .Hedid not seeBob till he went to
T the Manhattan National Bank with the day's 51¢-
“ ‘ipadﬁ. There he found his friend in the line
 of him, and told him to wait for him asnhﬁ
0 . fhad‘ someth’ in: mint to communicate» 0
C, tie“ 1%; boys left the bank together,

‘Tye ll id 1 th tip. and’it’s a cuckoo-”
  ‘$52 '.’wl.’.:”i‘.§’sféi.s.  . 
“Th '5' a_corner.forming In L. & 0- .
“How did you ﬁnd it out? .
~..Nick told him. 0 ~., . “ , . .
‘a dandy,” said Bob. I 11 get In 01! It 1193'-
‘ "lite. Gee! but you took a great risk
‘ ' g away from Blackfoi-d’s oﬂlce by way
‘ ‘co i . Yoifmake me nervous to think of
’ Idornt see how Y°l.f.d"<131'°‘_3 d0 it I “’°“ld“.’,§
s -¢c5uk'm thesiliames y!l1u'cfh‘;(f3rh:dgotll’ldel;l‘:l"‘V3'e
_ it was“ eenoug_ l' _ ,-
. g is all of-ten inches wide, and that is

 
    
  
 

 

   

\.

     
    

  

i

*1, learagainst for Sl1PP°1’t- A -‘
 time the boys had reached til? 0011191‘
alland Nassau Streets, and Bob continued on

. . the ‘rest Off” way to his oﬁice. _The sec-
day after ‘the torexolng conversation Nick

c .,.,. over,» »:.:.=.:::’°=;°s.  

‘  '»i‘e__c_, i

  

  
 
  
  

the

LURED_ BY THE MARKET

If you hadn’t treated him so roughly he wouldn't"

 oﬂice, he did not care to rake them up again. .
So he changed the subject and Hunter presently ,

this bidding for the stock. _ k
eager to sell to him, and as a result he had to

 enough for anybody *0 ’Y,V,3}k 0“ with the _

 

his
’ 0..»hadbeen
1 Pia! the

brokers who had the stock for sale. He seemed
to have nddiﬂiculty in getting the stock, for many
brokers had it to dispose of at the market price.
From this Nick guessed that there must be a lot
of it out. The blackboard showed that it was go-
ing at between 80 and 81. Nick left the Exchan

15.

as soon as he handed the note to Mr. Hunter. e ‘

was more than ever satisﬁed that the tip he had
risked his money on was going to turn out a win-
ner, and was proportionately elated. The next
time he visited the Exchange Broker Stone was
still buying L. & Q. Bob came in before he left,
and during their brief talk Nick learned that his
friend had bought 30 sharesof the stock on mar-
gin with his $300. L. & 0. advanced a fraction
over one point that day, but small as that was it
represented a proﬁt to Nick of $500. That eveni
Nick dressed himself with extra. care and ate.

for the Vining ﬂat. -

He had written Claire that he would call, and
mother and daughter were expect‘ him. They
received him very graciously, Claire ooking love-
lier than ever in a nice new house-gown, which
sh; lwisl wearing folrfthehfirst time. After a 
wie rs. iningetteyoun peoe at
for she understood that N ickg wasp rciolfye her:
daughter's caller.
senger enjoyed each other’s company very much
indeed, and were sorry when the clock noted the
hour of half-past ten, and Nick reluctantly said
he guessed it was time for him to go. ,

"When may I expect the pleasure of another
visit from you, Mr. Travers?” said Claire when
she accompanied him to the door of their apart»
ments.

“I could call most any evening next week that
would suit you," he replied.

“Shall we say Wednesday, then?” she said.

“Wednesday will suit me,” replied Nick, ‘and:

it was so arranged.
He could
walk borne,

and renewed

pearance again at the L. & O.‘ pole
The brokers were less

oifer a higher price. When Nick reached the Ex-

change at eleven o'clock he saw L. dv. O. marked '

up at 82, and he judged it would go higher before

’ -the day was out. As a matter of (act, it did,‘!or 
it closed at 83 3-8. L. & 0. continued to ‘go up ‘ "

whelri '
ed 88. When he left the oﬂice with his pay ens K ‘
velope in his pocket he found Bob waiting for him’;
at the entrance. Bob could tall: of little else than -
His mind was full of it, because he was 

slowly for several days, and ‘on Saturda
the Exchange ceased business at noon it had

L. & 0.
nearly 3250 ahead of. the game.

“You're going‘ to make a wad of money out of
itwith your 500 shares, Nick,” he said.
to make $500. myself.”

“Yes, I hope to. We both got in on

15 points.” ,
f‘(2h, htegéll godhighg than that, for ilfscitipl

poiiisar yan iso » ginni o_tt ,

tention. Wait’ till it booths in eai'i!i1§5t.”a"m '
On Monday L. & Ogopened at _88'3-8"

‘noon was ruligg at;_90.l ‘Many 
‘  h°1¢ﬁ\_Ir9stoaha  _

 
 

    
 
 
   

  

Claire and the young mes-'

ink of nothing but Claire on his _
nd there wasn't any "doubt in 

mind that she was the most charming girl he 
ever met. Next day Broker Stone made his ap.-l 

~.“I expect”
_ the ground 1.
floor, and I am looking for an advance of at lcaiw ..

  
       
  
  
       
  
   

  
    

   
 
   
  

  
 
        
 
     
   
    
 

  

16

back to 89. The price, however, soon jumped up
again to 90, and buyers were plentiful at last. At

 

_two o'clock, when it reached 92, there "was a sud- .

..,_,. , den rush to buy and it jumped up to 94. The ap-
  parent scarceness of the shares on the market set
speculators thinking and the blﬁylng became
"heavier at increasing quotations. ext mornin ,
soon after the Exchange got under way, L. & .
became the chief center of; excitement on the floor.
The newspapers having called attention that
morning to the rise in the stock, the general pub-
_'lic began taking a hand in the game and then the
boom began in earnest. The ‘price rose in a hurry,
. because the demand was greater than the supply.
By noon it had passed par and was up to 106 at
two o'clock. Nick concluded that he cqu1dn’t af-
ford to take any more chances with it, and at the
ﬁrst chance that came his way he rushed up to the
little bank and ordered his shares sold. It was
done inside of ten minutes at 106 and a fraction,
and when the young messenger got a settlement
he’ found he-had made $13,500. *
I About this time Nick became inbued with the
. fact that he ought to go_into business for himself.
He kept the matter to himself for a few days and
then made up his mind to hunt up an office.

 

  

 

CHAPTER X.-—-Nick As His Own Boss.

.1. ;.- On the following Saturday Nick surprised Mr.
’ A Ellnter bytendering his resignation as his mes-
‘ ‘ , to take eﬂect as soon as he had secured

— er boy that ﬁlled the bill. - '

» Nick?” asked his

. “Why do you want to leave,
emplo er. . _
,“1 ink I can use my tinie to better advantage
than can-yin messages, sir.”
< ~“I don_’t li e to lose you. Perhaps I can pro-
. ;gote you to a desk in the countiﬁ-groom. I’d
- rather Jnake a place for you than you alto-
ether.

  

. “I am yery much obliged to you for the offer,
-lm_t I’§e_ in idea I can do better than that,” re-

 -. “Theilc somebody has made you a better oifer
than I can?’ _
ﬁe, sir.‘ I’m not going to work for anybody

, :‘fWhat are you going to do then, if it is a fair
.on,,, ‘ p

‘ “I'm going to work for myself.” _ _

Then you’re thinking of going into some kind
business?” _ _ \ 1 -
»‘1§°;':°“‘;..““ ““° ‘§“‘.i:.“’=" - t6 ma. 0

. our a r~is in * e u;
‘I should iyinagine that itgsvoifld be ii ralther
riskyvventure for a boy of ,your years to go into
any busmss that you do hot thorou hl under-
ﬁnnd; You are throwing to the in s t e three
goon of experience you've had in _ _
 'i:g into something no doubt widely differ-

  

  
  

w'; u.
o,_ sir, Pin r .- throwing away my Wall Street
. Ilmgoin to p:ll£.,l,ny experience to a

3 

. 39 W9» , » « 5
. , ". replied Hr. Hunter, in some surprise.
3.. _ .; ‘

   
  

0,1” lain some way con-

 

LURED BY THE MARKET

all Street and ’ it, I 'udged it belonged to Blackford. I showed it‘

6::

    
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
 

“Then you have money of your own? Have
been left_ a legacy?” you

“No, sir; I _made the money myself.”

_ The broker immediately jumped to the concﬁi-
sion that Nick had saved up all of his wages with
the knowledge and consent of his parents, and '
that the aggregate sum which had accumulated
at interest was tempting him to start out for
himself.

"I hope you have given this new departure your
earnest consideration, and that your parents ap-
prove of it.”

“I‘ never do anything contrary to the wishes
of my parents,” replied Nick, who had surprised
his family with the story of his Wall Street oper-
actions, and the evidence of his financial standing,
and had ‘secured theirapproval of the course he
intended to pursue.

“I am glad to hear that. In fact, I never doubt-
ed your loyalty to your parents not to me either."

“Thank you, sir. I have tried to do my whole
duty since I've been with you.”

“I know you have; and it is for that very rea-
son I regret to have you leave me. Still, if you
have good"i-eason for believin that you are going 1.
to materially beneﬁt yourselg, I won’t oﬂ‘er any
further objection. If I ever can be of any assist-
ance to you in your new ﬁeld of action I hope you
will not hesitate to call on me at any time. ‘

“Thank you, Mr. Hunter. I appreciate your
generous and friendly offer." '

As Nick did not offer to tell what kind of busi-
ness he expected to embark in, Mr. Hunter did not
feel as if he could ask him, though his curiosity
was amused on the subject. If it w connected“
with Wall Street he would probably  sooner
or later. So he accepted Nick's resignation and
looked around for a new messenger to take his

lace. On his way home that day Nick saw Gid

Vheeler arrayed in an,A. D. T. uniform. This was
a surprise to him, as he had not heard that
Wheeler had left Broker Blackford. Knowing -
that Blackford took no nonsense from his ‘eni-
ployees, he guessed that Gid had been bounced for
some reason. Gid scowled at him and said:

        
     
     
       
      
          
         
    
   
    

 
ment. “ hat dotyou mean?” ’

     

“Y u know what I mean all right.”

“I o not. If you've quit Blackford I don't see‘.
what I had to do with it.” a. ‘ .

“You had everythin’ to do with it.”

“You must be crazy.” ‘ .‘

“Naw, Pm not crazy. I lost a note I was takin’
to Blackford at the Exchange. You found it and
took it in to Simrock. That settled inyjaxli.
Blackford bounced me rightoﬂ the reel.” ’

“Oh, I see what you mean. I diﬁ’t know that 
you had dropped it. I fouii the envelope. It was
addressed to ‘J. B.’, Consi ering that the initials
were Blackford's, and the locality where I found

        
     
       

 

  

   
 
 
 
  

  
  
   
  
     
  

to r. Hunter and he told me to take
rock. That's all there was to it.”
“Well I lostni job thro hi ”
“But I see youyve got ano er."’

thihl tb1amaa%u§ii§r3{».W°“-' “'3 1"‘ ‘°‘ ‘° ""5.
“You  make uprthe diﬂerenoe and’

ittosiin-»

 
   
  
  
 

  
  

  

  
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 

ﬁat morning, and wasn"t wise to the perquisites
attached to it. ’ .

“You're bound to pick up a dollar or two extra
',«8 week if you make a good showing.” ,

“What do you mean by a good showin’?”

“Be polite and gentlemanly to the people you
carry messages to. Show them that you're one of
the bright ones and don't go to sleep on your
. route. Tlien-you'll ﬁnd many brokers will hand

you out a dime or a quarter for yourself.”

, “Gee! That will be a sna ,_” grinned Gid. “I
. wasn't on to that. I guess is ain't such a bad
V Job after all. My’ old woman always freezes on
to my envelope every Saturday, and I have a hard
tine in’ her to stake me to a ow. Now
I'll be able to hold out all that I ‘get over my
 I'll be right in it.'’. i
‘ id seemed to forget all about the grouch he
had against Nick and walked away’ in good hu-
mor. Hr. Hunter got a new messenger on Tues-
" day and Nick broke him in during the rest of the
w so that'he was fairly competent to hold his
and up. ‘When Saturday came Nick bade Mr.
Hunter and all hands in the oﬂi_ce good-by, and
. %eeived their best wishes for his future. None

ltenographer, whom Nick had always made a con-
ﬁdagit, and who could keep a secret even it she was
a woman. On Monday Nick rented a small oﬁice
‘ ijrom a man in the Atlas Building, on Wall Street,
. ‘who wanted to curtail his expenses.
~ ‘He furnished it up in good shape, added a.
« gnall safe and a ticker, and had his name painted
"on the door. Then he invited his‘ folks to come
down and visit him, extending a similar invita-
tsonjo Claire_and her mother.‘ _
Hus father dropped in on him during the fol-

 like a man of ‘business, Nick,” he

said.

“'I'hat’ what I am. rather. Take a cigar," and
the boy handed out a box_ of cigars he had.pro-
-vided, for any gentleman visitoriwho was addicted
 ‘sh txhé  i I

. " 1: you
a  said his father, as he helped himself
‘bionic and lighted it.  _

“No, sir; I haven’t any ambition in that direc-
 I the cigars to treat my. friends who
«awoke. t's the proper ca 1', you know.’?.

.. .."'l‘here’s no harm in‘ at. A good m?«nY 111911
will gppreciate your thoughtfulness in this partie-

1'. l .
Ur.  ‘half at; 3ourb_an;ite then
textbook. to'woi-aoneo ei am-
‘p" docks where he looked after Uncﬁe Sam’s
‘ About an hour after Mr. Travers left
called on Nick. It was his ﬁrs visit to his
- ffriend’s otlice, as he had becnlai up for al-
’ ' a" weeklat ‘his liome«with a bad cold.
*'Yon’ve got a swell place here if it. is small,”
reins ked as, he sat ‘down beside Nick's desk.
‘re a regular speculator now.” _ _
.. ' ‘I what Lclaim to be. I'm thinking of
. ﬁlilchaﬁﬁc boy. Don't you want the Job?”
-. outwit you'll take me as your partner

‘ ssogooo‘ 21'
yghigmﬁ »1nnt-£02

  

don’t intend to learn to smoke-lyet

  

  
   

 

  
  

  
  
 
 
   
  
  

 
 
 
 
 

in ‘interest in

LURED BY THE MARKET

ew Nick’s intentions but Gertie Gaynor,-the '

17

anywhere from $50,000 to $75,000 to match a
similar amount of mine. As a matter of fact I
don t want a partner; but I’d double up with you
if ‘you had enough money to make it an object.’

I ve got $1,000, and that represents the whole
of ‘my worldly wealth.” .

_‘That wouldn’t go very far toward a partner-
ship; but when I get hold of a good thing I'll lot
You get in a thousand dollars’ worth if you want"
to, and ma be in time you'll get to be worth a
whole lot 0 money.” ‘

_ I wish I was my own boss like you are now,”
Said Bob. envlously. “I’m sick of the messenger
business.”

:When is Moody going to promote you?”

Ask me something easy. I don't see any signs
of“a rise in the world yet.” . .
timzgu ought to beinﬁis counting-room by this
“There was a vacancya while ago, and I was «

ﬁ!1_i§>ectdolv!;‘g\t<ii_ get ~ . ut slée  a nephew of

_ 1  ) me mlhta * lﬂjardinmu
i scl‘i‘ool, and gave him the‘ job." ry

Has he an more relatives waiting for the
next 0 ning?’ A
h‘aSII1,t’ont know, but I wouldn’t like to bet her

“Then our chance for ' ' ‘ 

not very good.” a rise at Moodys is

21 should say not." . l

_ You ought to keep your eyes open for a clerk.

ship in some other oﬁce. [You know a lot of good
brokers. If I were you _I’d put out feelers in
zgliiigus quarters and see if I couldn't better my.
f‘I guess. I'll take
doing at.presentf!’f , - 

Nothing. Waiting for something to turn up in 3 ’ A
the market.” .9

The boys talked for a while and then went
uptown together. On _Satui~o.\-3, about noon, Nick’: ,
mother and one of his sisters ~r-a_me down to see .
l1ll_n. They were charmed with his oﬂice, and felt
quite proud that he was in business for ' . 

While they were there Claire and her mother

appeared. Nick welcomed them cordially and pre-
seiitéglutlileéii to hlis nilotlieti-ﬂandﬁisisteli: , ' , .

, ve a ove 1 ’ * ‘ »

said Claire. Y e 0 Ce’ ‘went  '0
::Yes. it ﬁlls the bill all right.” . A
th 1 801313089 you'll. do ever so much betteianow

at youliave nothing else to attend to but you
Ovigil §)1uSlIleSS.” . .ﬁ— , ‘V
0P6 _so. I'll’ be able to watch a deal from‘.
start to ﬁnish now. I never would have made the "3 
. 3101193! _I did while actinti as Mr. Hunter's may ~‘
senger if it wasn't for e fact that} was _fav-~'
"ed by the best kind‘ of good luck. Things 5’
Came P13’ Wairright along; but of course th&
91 g1,111_IIE wouldn .t..have’ lasted. Some day. .1'rogi¥‘
ina ihity to look after my interests, I’d have bggu
caug t in a bad hole. and a big bunch of new... ._
niulated_proﬁ_ts would have _got away from me}? I

At this Point l_3ob came in and was introduced

' to Qlaire and his mother. He was already as-
Q1-lﬁlllted with Nick’s_mothez- and sister Ma . 7 
_ 1?! fact. he was 8.~b1t sweet on the la‘tte.r.~.
invited all hands to lunch with him and
take no-for an answer. so ,

first-class restaurant in the

your advice. What are you 7 

    
     
     
       
  
        

 
 
  
  
  
    

      
 

   
  
  

it

         
   
    
   
  

 
  

    
  

Dutch‘  hourghcawr at 

  

i  -13-

; S, the honors toward Mrs. Travers and May. Thus
- - ended Nick’s first week in his new role.

 

CHAPTER XI.—Nick Gives His ‘Late Boss a
Surprise. .~ . .

"_:  About the middle of the-folIowing week Nick
~ noticed that S. & T. stock seemed to have a ris-

. ing te dency on. It was a good, reliable road and

g ' ‘ ' he can luded to take a chance with it. He didn’t
f.  " ‘to the little bank this time. That institution
“ ‘ ad served his purpose while he was a messen-
ger, was one of the largest on its books. He de-
_. sided that as long as he had _to pay commissions
 to some one, he would put‘ them in Mr. Hunter's
. way, for the broker had Qlways treated him well.
So he called on his old bossjust before he started

for the Exchange.’  2 , .

-“Take a seat, Nick,” said ‘Hunter cordially,
‘when his late messenger into his oﬂlce.
‘ “How are you making out?” i -
“Well, I haven’t done anything as yet. Just

« startin . I want you to buy me 5,000 shares of
‘*8. 5, . on margin. Here’s the cash to. secure
Y0“ ' ‘

“You want me to do what?” “exclaimed Mr.
Hunter, much astonished.

, Nick repeated his,.order. .

  * “Who is this for?” asked the broker, thinking
-  3 the boy was acting for somebody else.
‘ 0 ' “For myself."

’ .Hr. Hunter looked at‘ the bunch of money and
then at Nick. But for the evidence furnished by
gi: mm he would have thought his ex-employee
.; S’ _ ' ~

* ‘.‘ ou"can’t mean that this is your own mone
“  v:i'lsh to put it up as margin?” he sai ,
5 . uou y.

,.,.‘‘It isn't anlybody else’s money; and it doesn't

, represent all’ own, either."
, 2"! had no idea you were so_ well oil‘, young
‘ !!_XB1.l,”.88ld_ Mr. Hunter, c'Iear_ly impressed by the
idgngg pl:§tin1gsuplat:chmeb§enger'
3* . ~ s a ig sum
 on margin? You ought to know that you
 running a great risk.” " .
"I igiadehtgig gaiiey I have by taking just such
_ ,_quite understand you,”
bmker pulled by his_words.

Bo imam the east idea that Nick had specu-
Iat‘eé!_hm-  marlket-vl:hile.?ct1ng as bgnetssaigerl.
:.  en exp am ow _i came a‘ u -‘ at
node close on to $100,000 while in your em lay.”-
porn Nick told him all about the ‘ﬁer-
, nit stock deals which he had worked on‘the quiet
« the little banking and brokerage house

auﬁﬂassau street. To say_.that Mr. Hunter was

    
  
    
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
    

replied/ the

  
  
  
  
 

 
    
   

 _...‘i‘2“n*i’.,-‘:‘.2?+. .22.:  3° 
 vymfve had the most extraordinary luck

   

ﬁg! of,” he said. “And youleft my'em-
-to  this thing up as a regular busi-

  

LURED BY THE MARKET

ence necessary in a case of emergency. Old and
seasoned traders get caught once in a while, us-
ually through causes over which they have no
control, so how can you expect to escape condi-
tions that no man can foresee?”

“I’m not prepared to argue the matter, Mr.
Hunter. I want 5,000 shares of S. & T. bought
for my account on the usual margin. I brought
the order to you, as I would rather have you
make the commission than anybody else. Count
thekbills. You will ﬁnd ﬁfty $1,000 notes in that

ac age.
lshould lose a part or the whole of that money,
it will be in own-funeral, not yours."

Finding ~}¥lCl( to be in earnest, and feeling as-
sured that he would take the order to some other
broker if he refused to execute it, Mr. Hunter
reluctantly -(accepted the commission, and Nick
received the usual memorandum of the transac-
tion. From Huntei-’s oﬁice Nick went to the gal-

lery of the Exchange and watched the course of V

events from that elevated perch. That afternoon
Mr. Hunter notiﬁed him by note that he had
bought the shares at 89 and held’ them subject
to his account. By this time S. & T. was up to

'IVvo days later it reached 94 3-8, and Nick de-
cided that it wastime to sell. He went in at the
main entrance of the Exchance and sent word in
to Mr. Hunter that he wanted to see him in the
corridor. When the broker made his appearance
Nick told him to see his S. & T. stock at once.
It was done inside of ten minutes, and the‘dea.l_
added a profit of $25,000 to the boy's working
capital.
cashier, were pleased todeath when they discov-
ered that Hunter had a new messenger. .

_“Was the boy bounced?" asked Blackford, of
his conﬁdential employee.

“I didn't hear that he was,” replied Simrock.
“I'll ask the new messenger about it the next time
he comes in here.” -

Half an hour ‘afterward, Dicky Herlow, Hun- b‘

ter’s new boy, brought a note to the office. Blac -
ford was out,, so Simrock too it. 4 4,
“Say, young man, how came you to get Ti-av.
ersisplace? Was he.ﬁred'.”’ he asked. -
“F1red!” replied Dicky. “No, he let ."
“Of his own accord?”
“Sure thing. 'He’s
now." .
“What’s he doing?
hlackin
“_Neit er.
Building, and is buying and selling stock." __
"What!” gasped the cashier, incredulouslyv

boots?” asked Simrock, with a meet. - ~

 

into the brokerage business for himself?"

paid a visit ,to_ Nick's 0 Ice and noticed" the fun,
niture and ﬁttings, thought his predecessor ya‘:

a, broker. _ -
ﬂoor isJie on?” asked Simrock, who dos

 

“What
terinined to‘ investigate’ the matter for his
satisfaction. A - , " ' 
“Fifth ﬂoor, in the hack. Room Nc.~254."; ‘
The_§:a§ll1er was paral , by the info‘ .. .
He mfoﬂned Bio ford about Is:

 

_Iearned[£1'o!aHuntcr's new  ~ 5'“
 mks: ‘‘ K , v A I

If the deal should go against me, and -

in business for llhlmself
Selling newspapers.-or 
He’s opened an oﬂiceiinthe Atlas

 

“Do you mean to tell me that that kid has gone ‘ 
, KL"

   
   

“I reckon he has,” reglied Dicky, who. Having:

John Blackford and Otis Simrock, his 0 

      
  
        
  
  
  

    
   
    
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
    
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
 
    
  
     
    

,“That boy a broker!" exclaimed Blackford.
“Pre rous!" .
-“T at’s what I say. I'm going over there to
ﬁnd out.”
 Accordingly, when he went to lunch he dropped
in at the Atlas Building, took an elevator to the
ﬁfth ﬂoor and looked up Room 254. On the
frosted lass he saw plainly enough “NICK
TRAVE S.”
The cashier stooped and looked through the
keyhole. There, was no one in the room, for
’Nick was out at lunch._ Through the keyhole
Siinrock caught, the ticking of ».the stock indi-

cater.

“So the boy has an oﬁlce after all," he mut-
tered on his way back to the elevator. “I won-
der where he got his money from? Came into
a windfall, I sup
i one satisfaction.’ to

CHAPTER XII.—The Tip em Bob Cot.

 ,’l'wo days afterward a well-dressed man en-
tered Nick’s oﬁce without the formality of knock-

’ “Well. sir, what _can I do for you?" asked

1_*lick,,who was at his desk. '

“Are you Mr. Travers?”

“That: my name.” '

. “My name is-Goldwing. I understand that you
‘are doing a brokerage business in a small way.”

’ — “Who told you I was?" asked Nick, in surprise.
.f“I think it was Mr. Jackson, of No. — Broad

" “I. not acquainted with the gentleman.”
.~“He seems to know you. At any rate, he
ended me to call on you, for he said you

were 8 I111
.._ness andygrug t to be encouraged.’
’ ‘ﬁe seems to have got things a little mixed.
I'm not in the brokerage business’:
“No?” ejaculated the visitor, looking sur-

“No, sir. I am simply looking after my own
.wi-rate aﬂairs.” ‘ _ _
*‘You must be doing some business with the

Qarket, f h ' t‘ k .” ,
 ‘Oh, I givmatg l:ee1!ict::ck of thing: down

“Well, I’ so ’re not a broker. I want
get holdndf s?5geJﬂ‘.‘& T. shares on the Quiet-‘
£;Irou’t do for me to employ a re lar broker,
Chair the Street are watching at stock on
ﬁle‘ lookout for certain developments. Now. it
e. be an advantage to me to have a person
W around and buy this stock. You see.
. is sellinghgay down—$?.0 a_sliare—-
«when certain ' gs happen, it will boom
‘ up to par, that is $50. ’
presume you are not a broker."

"!.‘dou.'t,aee why you couldn't go around your-
and buy  you want of the stock." _
"There are several reasons wh I can't which

' , are to  John Bla oi-d, a broker,

‘ 1- ct all and Nassau, hasa thousand
‘ “N533 ltd like to at. Now. if you
, i _ ﬁllies. Tater inc. I’d give
"  wall 

  
    

 
 

LURED BY THE MARKET

se. He won’t last long, that’s—

fellow inst starting out in busi-

‘ passed

19-.

Ifm not buying stock for anybody on a -commis-
sion basis,” replied Nick. Q

“Very well,” replied his visitor, rising. “Sorry
for troubling you. ’ ’

“Don't mention it,” answered the boy.

The man who said his name was Goldwing
then took his leave.

About ten minutes after his departure, Nick
noticed a piece of paper lying on the floor near.
the chair vacated b his visitor. He picked it u
and looked at it. The writing on it ran as fol:
ows: - ~

_ “DEAR GOLDY—The reorganization of M. Jr '1'.
is an assured fact. It's_selling on the market
for 20. Buy as much of_ it as you can raise the
coin to pay for. There is not a great deal of it
out, but you can ick up 1,000 shares at John
B1&¢kf°1‘d’S Ofﬁce. all and Nassau. Freeze on

-to that by all means and don’t let the grass grow
_ under your‘ feet, for somebody else might '

ahead of you. As soon as the reorganization ’
comes generally known, M. & T. will jump to par.
This is a winner, so don’t let it get away from;
you. Yours, .1535,"

Nick read the note over twice. V
“This looks like a tip," he muttered, as he.
:si“*?..*:;..W*:fmi  .“:‘.v °:"s- “"‘*.‘,’,“""V
Y . 1 11 su icious ‘
though, for I'didn’t take much stockpin Mr. (hill:-. ‘
wing. I dont see why he should come to me to
buy M. 6: T. or any other stock for him. The
reasons he gave were all rot. He didn’t look’ like ' _
a fool, but he certainly talked like one, or as if s.
heltook ‘me for one. Then wh did he let out that ’
if certain things happened, . 8: T. would go, to
gar, a rise 0:03;) tpoints’! Ontie would think 
anxious e me in on ‘ food thing‘
 Strangers don’t usually o that.
seemed anxious to have me go to Blackford
buy the 1,000 shares_he had on hand, just an if,
he couldn't dovthat Just as well as I could. I
read the ﬁnancial page;-s-e pretty closely, and I
havent even seen a t in_ them to g \
i-i‘i’.§‘£'i‘.°'2’}23."i.f«‘i3f.‘i..‘?‘§’é‘"i‘i‘r‘ °:‘;.;’;‘.'ui". in '“'~ “ 
Wl£tc£le thinks gal: the subject." I‘.
i at on ‘s hat and went out. Ashe ~
_ the sub-treasury building he saw Black ‘I
tor_d talki to a man who looked ve like his
visitor, Gol wing. Nick pulled his hat own ova
 ..... .:'°“..‘:‘.°.*:: "* °:::i.‘°......="*°
65 I) . . 9
them he heard Blackford say: 3 , ‘vs _ 
he's bound to ﬁnd . 5.

it'“eYh9!l}, d1'0PPed the paper so V
“S1119 thinﬁi" answered the oth ﬂag ' ‘
Nick saw that the man was Goldwiig’ Thﬁt wt‘: i 
enough for the boy._ He saw right awa that the .i *-
whole aﬂair was a Job put up on him, hckfggg 1 
wanted to unload 1,000 shares of M. & T. on him’
at 20. Evident! LI. & T. wasn't worth 20  ' 2
if it was qu ion the market report J; gﬁggw. 
ﬁgure There was no need now for him to all
oirMr. Hunter, so he'went to the gallery ofjgh
Stock Exchange instead. About half-putitkgp,
Bob Barclay made his apppa1-¢a,eg,.: ‘ , 



itfas
5%  drorreé to

3'5’

is

u

  
  

   

  

        
 

  

V 20

“Where did‘ you get that?” asked Bob, after he
had read it.
VA visitor dropped it in my oﬁce.”
‘t;:,I.t’s all to the mustard. Have you got in on
1 .
“No. It’: not all to the mustard, though one to
read e paper would think it was. It's a. fake.”
“A fake!’ exclaimed Bob, in surprise. “How
did you learn that it was?” _
. "It’s just a nice little game of bunco which
Blackford tried to work oﬂ on me; but I didn’t

’ bite, so he had his trouble for nothing. What is

tip‘! I hope it isn't one of the same kind.”

“No, it's the real article. I'm going to let you
’ in on it, but I think it is on] fair that you give
me a percentage of your pro ts." _ _ ‘

“I'll do that if there is anything in it.”

“A syndicate has been formed to boom N. dz
J'., and Moody is oing to do the buyin . The
particulars were al arranged at our 0 ce this
~inorning.” _ .

“How did you get on to the matter? Such
‘business as that is generally kept well guarded
from outsiders." _

“I was in the private oﬁice all the while the
Business was on,” replied Bob.

“Moody must have a heap of conﬁdence in you,
not to mention the others.” ' .
~ “They didn't know I was there.”

“The dickens they didn’tl Where were you

A. that they couldn't see you?”

- “In the clothes closet where Moody keeps his
hat and overcoat.” -
“What in thunder were you doing there?” ..
“We keep our supply of ink there and other
‘stationery. One of the clerks asked me to ﬁll
up his red-ink well, so I went tZ-ere to get the
,bottle. While in there Mood and three
gentlemen came in and started to ta about the
syndicate. I didn't want to disturb them by go-
ing out while they were engaged, so I held back
till-they were through."
“You ought to have shown yourself as soon as
Hoody and the others came in and began to talk

business.” '
< “I was afraid -to then. Moody would have

A . raised Cain with me. You don’t know what a rip

is up.”

' tearer he is when his monke
excuse for going to

“Pshaw! You had a

A ’ the room. When he saw the ink-bottle in your
, hand he would have understood what brought you

 Swing
' .&
A ‘and make a raft of doﬁzh. but I want a small ,
'  share ‘for lettin

 
  

.“Can’t be helped now ‘I've aft the tip and rm
to use it. I'm going to uy 100 shares of
J. with my $1,000. You can use it, too,

you in. Go to the Exchange in
the morning an you'll see Moody at the N. & J.

7 pole buyingall the N. J’; J. there is in sight. You

"zeal: to get Hunter. or some other broker, to buy
.4 Kinuch for you as you can aﬂord to put the
 up on. This is a dead sure winner, and
,do,a’t you make any mistake about it.”

j f§8inca you've ot it I suppose there isno rea-

  

  

  

LURED BY THE MARKET

lans hf the syndicate, and when he had ﬁnished
ick was satisﬁed that the tip was worth backing
to the limit. ‘

.1

CHAPTER XIII.—Nic¥_Goes the Limit on Bias
1p.

Next morning Nick visited the Exchange gal-
lery and kept his eye on the N. & J. pole. Sure
enough, there was Broker Moody buying the stock
whenever it was olfered. Nick watched him for
an hour and then he went around to Hunter's of-
ﬁce, ‘and, shoving $100,000 in big bills under the '
cashier's nose, told him that he wanted the house
to buy him 10,000 shares of N. & J. on margin
at the market price. The deal was made, and as
the oﬂice boy was out Nick oﬂ"ered to carry the
order over to the Exchange himself. He went in
at the messengers’ entrance and handed it to Mr.

- Hunter when he came up to the rail. The broker

shook hands with him and then read the note.

“This order isn't from you, is it?" he asked.

“Yes, sir.'_’ '

f‘I’m afraid ou’re gettin reckless, Nick,” he
said,‘with ga isapproving ook. “Those whom
the gods would destroy they ﬁrst make mad.”

1 "Tl:li3lkNI’!l!‘l a little shaky in my head, eh?”
aug e ic .

“I think you are taking desperate chances.”

“Maybe I am, but I don't think so. After you
lbiﬂ.;eab<;_u€gvhl;_(:;hose shaﬁes, for me, I advise you to

e r ourse .

‘_‘Are you wor ing on a tip?” asked the broker,
quickly. ,

“Well, you needn’t say anything about it, but
I've got it from good authority that N. & J. will
soon rise a number of points.’

Nick then said good-by and walked outside.
He went into the gallery again and remained
there till his stomach told him it was lunch time.
After eating he went back again and stayed until '
the Exchange closed. When he got back to‘ his
office he read the afternoon papers andiwas deep ~
in the day's market report when Bob came in to ~ .3‘
ﬁnd out if he had done anything in N. & J. . 

“I bought 100 shares myself this morning," he
said, “and I e ect to clean up at least $1,500
on the deal. W at have you done?”

“I’ve bought 10,000 shares." ,

“What!” exclaimed Bob who,‘ until that mo-
ment, had no idea of the extent of his friend’: '

  
  
 
  
   

c_al1(i_ital.” “You've bought 10,000 shares: You're , 1 ‘I

wmmw   .’ 
‘‘Why,,’ it would take $100,000 to make good the

margin. ~ g .

:1 know it. I put up. that amount."
y Cggieyiiow, honest inJun, how many shares did
on . ‘ =
givgo d yl<:u——1_.0,000.’’tl . M = 

y, w ere in ci-ea ‘on wou you get $100,.

000 to put up?” V
“I made it while you were asleep.” 

  

  

  

  

  

yena why it tho go to waste. so on can tell me “Say, what's the use or kidding me?” - e ,4
 particulars, and then I’ll gurelout what, “I'm not kidding u. I'll prove it. ‘Here is
y,‘ do Wlﬁhyltn ‘ I will give you ﬁve percent. of ni memo ofthede . Cast our eye: over it."
 putt“ whatever it may and you won't b did 50.. and saw that id: friend had  ‘3
Reagan; ' ewitlithe probable proﬁt you c the cont:-olof 1o,ooo shares. » 
 cater: N   :3? ‘ axing J'1nk8ljUI.call‘t'i!l|!8§no  _ g
‘  , 

  
 

   

    

‘£1 hope so, and you'll get ﬁve per cent. of my
ts.

3": - “Gosh! If I t ﬁve per cent. of what you

-‘ ‘I _ ht to gather gllel, I’ll have an attack of heart

_._ “Bl: I guess you can stand a little prosperity.”
' “books as if I'll have to stand a big bunch of
{I i " h kled Bob.

:7 t’‘‘Welllf we mustn’t count our _chickens before

.5-they're hatched. Something. might happen t0

if . n

»‘-2 have ket a loss instead of a proﬁt.

5? ‘ “N(t)i‘.)lI:I)1ccl'l fear of that lgoiui: wrong It's

S; got abarrel of money to raw from."

._ t.h“Glad to hear it. .1 want to see the boom go

V rough.” ‘ ~

‘-* Next morning Nick looked over the Western

-. mining report to see how I-jlorodora was getting

 and saw that it was selling for 35 cents.

5  “I'd like _to see it go high enough to let the

 Vinings get their money back;. but I’m afraid

' .that’ll never happen. Simrock is a cold-blooded

 robber. I believe he’d take the last cent 0,1?

-' some poor washerwoman to swell Blackford_s

"pockets and feather his own nest. Men of his
 stamp ought to be run out of the Street. They
Lf bring discredit on honest traders.” _ _

' , N. 8: I. opened up strong that morning. Nick
had his shares at an average price of 75,
and eleven o'clock it was up to 76. Every

.*‘:. Point the stock advanced meant a prospective

: Broﬁt of $10,000 for Nick. By three oclock it

ad gone up a int and a half more. Many

_ brokers who ha sold out at around 75 now

I” bought in at 77 1-2 when they saw that. the stock
*1 _ was advancing steadily. There was quite a rush

 of purchasers when business came _to a stop for

$1 the day. That evening Nick'made,his usual week-

; ly call on Claire Vining.‘ The young people were

nowon especiallv friendly terms, each seeming

' ~to be much attracted to the other. Mrs. Vining

‘looked on apprevingly, -and hoped to see her

; ‘daughter some day the wife of the smart young

F‘ ' Wall Street operator. -

“You want to watch N. & J. in the papers,

‘Miss Claire,” said Nick.

- “why?” .
“Because I’m interested in it to the extent of
,$1m’m.!7 . 9”

“Have you bought that much of it.

 
  
 

 

  

 

  
  
   

ollars worth of it. The stock was worth
‘_¥750,000 when I bought_ it by putting up $100.-
’000 as security. Now it’s worth $25,000 m°!‘e-
-., ~My equity in it at this moment is $125,000, less
 l!1yﬂl:l'0ke!"S cﬂrmisions and interest on $650,000
,7. at e. revai' g ra ."

_%x"' —“You a truly wonderful boy to be able t0
 make $100,000 at your age.”

,— .,“I d sa myblind luck had considerable to
K... do witliriet. Now, in the present deal, I am trust’;
--‘;= ing to a tip I got from my friend,.Bob Barclay.
 ‘;How much do you think you will make out of

.1 ‘g ‘ 7
£3‘. "Tm counting on $150,000.”
" :“lly, what a lot of money! Fortunes seem to
be easily made in Wall Street.” _
‘ “And much easier lost. If I make $150,000, it's
to come out of somebody’s pocket, for every
that's made in the district re resents a loss
a’-similar amount to some ortunate who
.= V ~toget onthewrong side o£_the market.

.. _ I

     
 
  
 
   
 

f queer the plans of the syndicate, and then we'd"

“T coatrol something over three-quarters of a -

' ' LURED BY THE MARKET 21

. After they ﬁnished the subject of the market
they had music and singing. Claire was a ﬁne
pianist, and both were singers. Nick
stayed till nearly eleven and then went home
more than ever satisﬁed that there was only one
g/_i_rl_in the world for him, and that girl" was Claire

ining.

CHAPTER XIV.—Nick Makes a Quarter of a
Million.

On the following morning Nick called on Mr.
Hunter to have a short talk with him about the
market. As he was walkin toward the elevator
he heard a big racket in B ackford’s oﬂice.

The door was thrown violently open and the
broker and his cashier dragged a poorly-dressed
man out into the corridor and, after giving him
a shove, re-entered the oﬂce and closed the door.

“You’re a ginck of swindlers!” cried the man
hoarsely, sha ' g his list after them.

“What’s the trouble?" Nick asked him.

“The trouble is Blackford is a robber,” re-
plied the man, who seemed to be a bit under the
inﬂuence of liquor. “He's cleaned me out of my
last dollar.”

Nick sympathized with him, even though he
was unacquainted with the merits of the case,
for he knew that Blackford and his cashier put
through many shady operations. After question-
ing the man Nick learned that he, too‘, had
bought 1,000 shares of Florodora at $2 a share
on the same day that Mrs. Vining purchased her
block. Simrock had also assured him that the
stock would go to par inside of six months. When
it dropped suddenly to 30 cents, he had come -back
to learn the reason of the unexpected decline.
Simrock told him not to worry, that it would go
up again soon. At the end of three months he
had‘ gone broke over a margin deal and he had
visited Blackford’s oﬂice that morning to try"
and raise $250 on the Florodora shares.

“According to the market it’s worth $350, but
those sharks wouldn’t loan me a cent on it,” said,
the man. “I must have money, so I oﬂered to
sell it to them at the market, but, they wouldn't
buy. Then I agreed to take $300, and ﬁnall
$250 cash for it, but they wouldn't touch it.

tried the broker next door and he said that Flo- '

rodora was no good, notwithstanding it was
quoted at 35 cents. So I went back in there and
told Blackford and Simrock that they were swin-
dlers. They grabbed me and threw me out, as
you saw. Now I can go and starve with stock

in my pocket that cost me $2,000, and on which I ~ .

can't raise a cent.”

-Nick felt sorry for him, for he saw he was
in a bad way. _

“Come with me to my oﬂice and I'll‘ give you
$250 for your shares. Ma be they'll be worth
something some day, and can aﬂord to hold
them whether, they ever amount to anything or
not,” said Nick. _ —

“Why you're only a boy. I don't want to take
advantage of you. Give me $100 and you can
have them.”

“No,” replied Nick, “I'll give you $250.”

"You must have plenty of money.”

“I have enough to afford to take the chance:
on Florodora and help you out at the same time."

The man acéompanied him to his oﬁce, and the
deal was made. On his way to the Exchange

 

 5.1:‘

82

Nickmade inquiry of a well-known Curb broker
asto the value of Florodora stock. _ _
“It has a market value of 35 cents,” rephed
the broker; but the trouble is to ﬁnd a purchaser.
Nobody wants to buy it. People_are afraid of
if ever since it was boomed to $2 and then drop-
ped down to 30, cents. A lot of people got stuck
with it all the way from $1 to $2 a share. You
‘e’o_uldn’t get a 25~cent oifer. on the Curb to savve
your life.” _ _ 7
Nick crossed Broad street thinking that the
Vinings had a poor chance of ever getting back
any part of their $2,000. He found that . & J.
had gone up another half a point and now
was quoted at 78. Things were livel around the
of the stock, and there seem to be more
. ' ess doin there than at any other point on
the ﬂoor. T e price fluctuated-all day, ‘some-
";‘_ times going as high as '80 and then dropping to
“ ‘ -"_, 76. It closed around 76. _
 , Next morning's payers had somethin
u about the ﬂurry in . _
_ there was no hint about a syndicate being behind
” the stock. When the «Exchance opened the price
jumped to '77 right away, and the excitement
was renewed, though it was not as pronounced as
when a boom is starting.

 
 

to say

After studying the situation Nick came to‘ the.

. conclusion that the s dicate members were not
; i et ready to boost e price. He noticed that
;_. 9’ iood quit buying whenever more than 77 was
” nakedyfor N. ,& J. a When it dropped to 76 again
he resumed buying.
‘ During the ne few days N. & J. gradually
A Ventupto 80. Then itbe antoboom, and with
V a rush went to 90. It di ’t stop thereby any
 means, but its rise was much slower; Nick was
, hokingtoseeitgoto96,atwhich inthede-
‘ , termined to sell. He made‘. his hes quarters at
A %ﬁn‘tBl."8 oﬂice. and kept his eye on_ the ticker.
‘ the stock was going at a fraction over 91,
Hunter came in and called Nick into his private

roonn 1
‘ 0 “I’vve,fonnd out that the s dicate behind the
“ rise is selling as fast as the rokers can get rid
of die shares. You'd better give me an order to
‘ loll you out. If hold on must lon r for
;  ﬁgures you 1 get caught. I've ma e $75,-
myse f out of your tip. I’d hage made more
If Yd taken _ ter_ chances.” « _
, _ c “All r’ ht,” said Nick, “sell me out. Write the
. order an Pll signit."

‘ '6.

 

 ' .Hunter rushed back to the Exchange and dis- .

of Nick's 10,000 shares in small lots at the
 uld get._. As soon as he gave

‘tbtorder to sell Nick hurried around to Moody's
 to, see if Bobhad sold out yet. Bob was
: out on an errand, so he went down to the door
~ . to wait for him. As soon as he saw his friend

§0"Iaid: ‘ ,
 'j"Have you sold your N. & J. yet‘!’7 '

, "No," ye lied *Bob. . _
 "'!'hen”‘ e me a written order on the little
jlunkand ‘ll attend to the matter for you. Yo
insist get out too guick'' ; I

“Have V01-Tl sold.” ' ,
we authorised Mr. Hunter to sell, and I sup-
 time.", _:

E
in
5.
8
3
3

 

  

6: J. the day be ore, but

  
  

.,Nick’ mceﬂdtol him
 ewe

w

 BY THE MARKET

. “And you’re going to give me ﬁve percent.’ 
that‘.”’.. .
“Surest thing you know.” ‘
“Gee! I ought to make $2,500 on my 100 shares.
That will make me worth over $15,000. Say,

. hold me, will you, before I act like a lunatic.”

Bob was so excited that he could hardl con-
tain himself. Finally he quieted down an went
upstairs to his oﬁice, and Nick went to his own
den in the Atlas Building.‘ An hour afterward
some operator dumped a big block of N. & J.
on the market and preci itated a slump. .

_A panic set in and e price began to drop
like a house aﬁre.

rWhen the Exchange closed’ N. & J. had lie
down 15 points. Nickhad found out from un-
ter that his stock had been sold a little above 91,
so he knew he was all right.

When a sattlement was made he found he had
made $260,000. ' ,

Bob's share of that was $13,000, to which must

be added the $2,600 he made on his 100 shares,

and his $1,000 capital, making him worth alto-
gether $16,600.

CHAPTER XV.-——Conclusion.

The fact that Nick was making big’ money out
of the market became known to the clerks in
Hunter's oﬂice, and one of them communicated
the facts in an offhand way to a clerk in an-
other oﬁice in the building. This clerk told one
of Blackford’s employees, and in a few days both
Blackford and Simrock heard that Nick had made
a uarter of a million out of N. & J.

ey didn’t credit it‘ at first. It seemed ab-
surd to them that a boy who had recently been
a messenger could have capital enough at his
command to make such a haul. Blackford, how-
ever, thought the matter of sumcient importance
to make inquiries. He got a friend of his to
question Hunter in a cautious way about his
late messenger. Hunter, without thinking, gave
away enough to satisfy Blackford that Nick was
well ﬁxed in the money line.
with Simrock. . .

“We must try to bleach him out of a bunch of
his dough,” he said. "I wonder how I can get
around it. If we were only on good te with

im, it wouldn’t be so diﬂicult, but he halsmifo love .

or either of us, so we've got to remain in the

background and get some of our crowd to work 1
1 the scheme." -

A day or two afterward 8. well»di-essed man
called on Nick and tried to induce him to go into

a pool that he said was farming to boom a core‘
tain stock. Nick, however, wasn’t biting at suﬁ.“ 
propositions and sent the man away with a ﬂea _

in his ear, as the saying is.

During the month various other schemes were 6. 

‘=’ I '.l

presented to Nick for his consideration, but he

Then he consulted a

N

was a war:' bird, and besides, he had so much " 7

money now that he was in no hur

his eyes. 4'
Finally, one
that Bob Barclay was a
Nick's, managed to t a- evtip to
ve , innocent way._ ‘  at it with
as soon as he the  he 
short. 1 g  3;.‘

articular

     
    

\v

~to risk any.
of it on anything that looked at ya’ doubtful  _'

day Blackford, having round oeetfi
friend at —

him 511:}

4-1

' 6.1

  
   

   
 
    
   
  

about to boom A. & B. stock. In order to cgrry
< out their plans the Blackford croxvcl betgliin uy-
j ‘mg a quantity of the shares, an atd_ et sirne

time let. the news get out that a_syn ica e as
gr behind it. This created so e excitement On the

.— Ex.¢han_g'e, and the price o_ A. ($113. soared gye
«:1, points in a’ few hours. Ni(}:lk,kwto v;:asa1i1n1vieh,t.
 jgating Bobs tip, began to t_ in 1 w s H tg ,.
He was on the.po1nt of going over to un ers
‘ office and ordering the purcliase.of 10,000 Shares
' when a man came into his oﬂice and oifered_to
.;_ ﬁll hizgih 5,000 lsh:.1;_es 0l1tl'tlgg\ats;t a half a point
. ’ or s .

‘“ 1Ao:thee  ivas goigg at 501-2, that called
mt thy? sifm elf $250€000l?'i8k:t$2t}é?)0s:.rl?el’.h1:n1'1:aI]'t
.. gave ic acance » _ 1 '
ii is ﬁzurz Eh:  S*;:°,:‘:::€.;°;32.: :*r:.;:
 ' s ran ers, ,
!§‘£”,;;qnan:itt.cy, sd) _he toldgthe man that his money was

all up in & E. shares. The man went

,, awn isappoin . _

E’ V’ Liter in the day Nick sa_w Bob and told him he
~ thought the tip he had gwen v_vas_a_ fake- He
  told him about the stranger s visit. So they

‘leaded n«0;e3o puy. . gsure enough next day the

six pom . . -

V Three months went by, and «then a ‘telegraph
digpgtgh _came to the_Curb market which stated
. that 3. mg!‘ mg] ge°1c)il.°I:‘I;e Iigzlgie of ore had been
A mg or ~
V repo‘1!'tsmsho:ed' that Florodora had jum ed to 50
, cents on.the Western exchanges, the Cur brokers
.> ‘their doubts owing to the ﬁasco of seven
Jmon s previous. --

On the followin da the stock was quoted_at
60 cents on the ld eld Exchange, and Nick
Cllaire uiégdthlnzr motlriegr about the matter
‘I e ca a even! .

“Maybe it will go to par, after all," said Mrs.
. ' eagerly. - ' c
; \ -"‘‘Hox’-e likely it won't go to 82.” re_plied"Nick.
who hadn't much conﬁdence. in the mgne- There
last a tan therg1st°‘t¢liiagmi; "selling at $10,

some em a -
.n“We1l, 131 be glad togget 9. dollar a share for
J it,” she said. '
,‘?If the sltrike is really §€’EllliIlE you might get
 ,",§,,§k‘§fo§v§v§§n§§ take it and use your
‘. _ 1: about disposing of it.”
~ "1 '*:*.-;§,z::..s:.?.:?...£..;'.:“:‘:: mi

1 _v .

“  her mother how he acquired the stock-

Wiiherfhe left that e_vening.l_ie.¢a§1‘l9td 3:75:
i‘**“*“*’:..*;°.'?.:‘*°:?°..‘.:::€.:.'".*i.*;*'"o....:‘ am.
‘from  stating that if she would

the stock down to the otﬁce he would I'VE
’ $1.500 she considered she had been de-
of

 
  

    
  
  
    
 
  
  
   
       
   
   
     
 
  
  
  
 
 

t

nst downtown daughter set the ¢,er-A
Tram r.‘Travers had take it to Mr. _S1m-

V ~ M:-s6eV'ining.hn . m ,, “ed

. ' . ' rr , Emma.
" “Seas; to hiiethat r. Sim:-ock wbiealdnﬂs
you ‘1,5oo,un he know stock

  

. V . LURED BY THE MARKET *

Although later _

23

Daughter and mother reached Niﬁls oflice
about noon and Nicl-Lhappened to be in. They
explained the reason of their unexpected visit.

“Don’t go near Mr. Simrock, Mrs. Vining. ‘I
telegraphed a big firm in Goldﬁeld this morning
and here is the reply, received a few minutes‘
ago.”

It read as follows:

“Strike genuine. Stocl: will go above two dol-
lars, perhaps three."

After a short talk mother and daughter re-
turned home, leaving the certiﬁcate with Nick.

.A week later he sold the 2,000 shares for $3
a share, which gave Mrs. Vining a proﬁt of ﬁfty
percent. on her investment. «

Nick made $2,750 proﬁt on’ his stock.

If he could have found the man who sold it to

-him, he would gladly have turned the $750 over

to him.

Nick continued to speculate in the market, and
at the end of a year was worth half a million.’

He then asked Claire to marry him in the
course of a year or two, and she said “Yes,” with
her mother’s full consent.

Today Nick is in the brokerage business, and
Bob Barclay is his chief clerk and cashier.

The former is worth over two million, and has
good reason 1.0 bless the fact that he was lured
by the market.

\

‘Next week’s issue will contain “TRADING
_'¥I0-Il£’I}§GO’R, THE BOY WHO BOUGHT EVERY-

‘ ' Oi-Snuff H an
 ~~-»-»

_ i
suuoou-saw.-..  "“y";

Makes a Good Present

Ladi’_es'_ House Dress (34-88) $1.10. now
$.80. limited. .

Ladies’ Silk Rayon (3448) $4.25, now 3230.
very limited.
I_ Simeon Dress (34-86) $2.50. now
81%. very limited. ,

Ladies’ English Broadcloth (38); 86.00, now
$3.00, very liiiiitr-d.

50c Introductory am Free with each order.
Sent by 1'. l'.. C. 0. D. -

xu.\'o's. aw Oneida s:.. Syracuse. x. 2.

Be A Detective     0  

 Make Secret Investigations wk

Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. ~
Fascinating work. Excellent

     
    
 

nity. Experience  K  — '-

ulars free. Write:
 GEORGE itwaoxm» 
i W

 

 

   

  

Chﬂrlie Cooper’s Curves

, N THE STAR PLAYER OF THE
UNKNOWN NINE

By Gaston Game

j...-

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER I -—(Co*ntz'nued)

L h Then he came out, smoking a_ cigar and look-
' asiinportant as a millionaire.
en the train came to the depot they boarded
j_ 2 the same car, and managed it so they got in the
Q “Th? Sal; degrees th got " to nv rsation
, en e In 8 C0 6
;  as the train rolled aloh toward‘ Hoboken. .
;' - Neville found that Bi_ Butts could play his
  Vpart well, if he was an {ignorant man.
When they ﬁnally got to New York the
to a good restaurant and had dinner tog er.
Butts was dressed fairly well, and they looked
’ " as though they were a pair of travelers who had
, seen better days.

It was rather late when the landed at Yon-
kefl. andwhen they registe at a rather _un-
pretentious hotel they felt that the had certainly
escaped from all blame of the exp oding bomb in
‘F112 '

i-son.
The next day being Sunday, the two scoun-
‘drels_remained at the hotel nearltr all day._
if There was much talk about what was going to
happen on the marrow, and the principal topic
 seemed to be the ball game. Fred Robertsdid
 not do business by halves. " _.He had advertised
* the game "well, in addition to what the home team
. had -done.

  
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
  

 The fact that the crack team of‘ boys the Yon-
« «ken team had arranged to play with was called
the Unknown nine was enough to make the base-
 ball,-lovii!g public take an interest. .
. A gains had been scheduled to take place with
* ‘a we! -known Cuban nine, but throu ‘some mis-
’ .. take on’ the part of the manager 0 the Cubans
, it had to be cancelled,’ and Roberts dropped in
 ggmin time to ﬁll the gap and allow the adver-
‘ ' to be done. 2
_ Neville learned all this before the day was
wet. and he gritted his teeth at the popularity

Charlie Cooper was but that ho
he inuttere ,

. s°tﬁ1=8- . .
“Souietimes .1 can't help thinking

" wnlbe the ruin‘and death of me,, _
‘he ‘strolled ou._the hotel veranda that evenin

after‘ , v_8m0l£1l!8.&/C1281‘. "If there ll an

“'......"""' ” 1.. -"°“‘“}‘.’¢°"é‘. ““"°‘:é:.§.“.°‘i.¥. §?€:'.§.l‘

is one em. -

' bomb and threw it from the auto ‘in time

hleselfrand his comgznionis I don't k!_l:V_Vé
v » ' n messu i 1
,,° _him and Jenﬁe Roberts? The

  

        
  

-.

went .

I can never have the~

.1-1P

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY~

down the veranda, and ﬁnally he decide on a plan
of action.

“‘The Huson River is the place for the boy,”
he thought. “He shall be decoyed there and
drowned. Bill Butts will do it!”

Having come to this conclusion, the scheming,
revengeful scoundrel threw away the stump of his
lcligtaf and sought the seclusion of his room in the

o e . ‘

CHAPTER XI. '
Charlie Is Decoyed To The River.

It was an appalling moment. Charlie Cooper's
face was as pale as death, as the deafening re-
post of the exploing bomb rang out. ’

He fully realized how close he and the rest of
those in the auto had been to death.

_ The two ladies screamed and came near faint-
ing as the chauffeur brought the machine to a
standstill.

Fortunately the explosion had not injured any
one, but the excitement it caused was intense.

Those in the auto nearest the boy had seen
him grab the smoking object and hurl it from the
auto, but’it took them several seconds to realize
what his action meant.

Charlie and Fred Roberts were the only real
cool ones there.

“I guess I understand it, Charlie,” said Rob-
erts, whose face was also pale. “Our enemies
were after us again.”

_“It look§‘tha way, Mr. Roberts," the young
pitcher replied. ,

“Well, we will’-have to report it just as it was.
Here come the police."

Three bluecoats were forcing their way through I
the crowd, using their clubs to do it.

The explosion had torn up the ground and
shattered a portion of the high board fence, and
everybody wanted to see it at one time.

Some one told one of the oﬂicers that he had
seen Charlie throw the bomb from the auto, and
came the officer.

. “You are under arrest, young fellow!” he said
in an oﬂicious way.

“All right,” answered Roberts, before the boy
could speak. “Get in, and we will go right to the
station-house with you." 1

The policeman was not inclined to do this. _

He held a consultation with the other omeera
and ﬁnally decided to do so. ‘

There was just room for him, and he got right
beside Charlie. -  

“Tell him just’ how it was,” said the manager."

But there was so much noise and confusion 
that they could hardly hear tlieinselves talk. _ T

Quite a few persons-in the crowd had seen the 
boy stoop and grab the object and hurl it  - 
him, and they could tell by the expression at hor-
ror his facehadonitat that momentﬂiathe
haddiscovu-ed it in time to lays the auto 
being blown to pieces. #3 ‘  *

It got noised about throu the, crowd that;
someniismant had ‘tried to our up the auto
_andkillthestarplayero£tlieUnmowu ' 
It was several. minutes-

\_ '3"
I ._ .
' M

  
       
       
  
       
     
     

   
   
   

 But ﬁnally they got through and were soon
“ lpeeding toward the station-house. On the way
our hero related just what had happened, and
those of his friends who had seen the whole thing
_bore him out.

~«. Pretty Marjorie West was one_ of them, for
 Ihe had been sitting right at his side.

= cleared of all suspicion and commended_for his
"’-[quickness and good judgment by the acting ser-

 a' t-

5‘ Roberts named Neville and the man Bill Butts
 the ones he suspected and explained why he
‘ An hour later our friends were at the hotel
and detectives had started to ﬁnd the two men
‘under suspicion. _

Roberts had no trouble in ﬁnding 1: man to

' put up bonds for our hero's appearance at court,

5 In case the villains were caught, and that ended

the matter, for die time being.

1 "‘You never expected a couple of weeks ago

ﬂiat you would play champion ball in Yonkers

 Ci Decoration Day, did you, Charlie?’ observed

5.,  Roberts the next day, as they were get-

>., . ting in the autos to start for Yonkers.

;.. “No, I did no ,” replied the boy, shaking his

gy ‘lead. “This is what I call great, and if it was

5 not that I had enemies trying-to injure or kill

* lie I would be the happiest boy in the world.”

1. “Never mind; keep up your nerve. We will

““ Hm these unknown enemies of yours down. It

» Strikes me that they will follow us, for if they
been so persistent as to come to Paterson

 come further. The ne.~:t time I meet

Neville, the black-bearded man, something will

?,_ pen. I will know who and what he is, and

 I ',t’ you forget it. A_ prison cell will be his,

Ev ’ . ,
F1, _ t night the Unknown nine put up at a lead-
‘ in Yonkers. _ _ — .
5 . ey were in the best of spirits and ready for
E '  great game on the marrow. .
” ' I: was a new thing for the plain country‘ boys
traveling around like that, and they thor-
‘ y enjoyed it. _ _
‘r e morning of Decoration Day dawned bright

  

L, .
,. .

€55 g;

#35

  
 
   

5};

r. .
e city of Yonkers had its ﬂags ﬂ 'ng at
~ -mast in honor of the heroes who h fought
‘-  died for their country. _ _
’~ The lawns in front of the beautiful residences.
- ﬁat overlooked the silve Hudson looked to
, _ youn ball-tossers to ,_ too nice_to tread
‘. 7311011. an the roses were simply magmﬁcent. _
-  It was about eleven o’clock when Charlie
_,‘ , who had been admiring the many roses
' e » seen growing, decided to go and buy _a
of ﬂowers and present them to Marjorie

 

' west.
it He had never doneian ing 01' the kind 88 Yet:
 he decided to be a  bold, as he felt quite
L ._ ' that she would be pleased.
 . He left the hotel all alone and walked down to
‘Vile corner, where he saw a ﬂower stand.
he was picking out what he wanted a man
, ' up and touched him on the arm. ‘
: “Are you Charlie Cooper?" the fellow asked,

Qibkingat him

 

"ﬁres." replied the 13;, returning the look ‘with
‘ glad of that. I was jiist at the hotel,

; .

., at

 

— E’  FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ’

Once at the station-house Charlie was soon’

25

and they told me that they did not know where
you were. Here is a note for you.”

He handed Charlie a folded bit of paper and‘

then turned and walked away.
The boy opened it and read the following:

“Dear Charlie: Come down to the river front
to the boat club house at once. I have just made
a wager of a few hundred, and it will take you to
settle it. Come down the street the hotel ison and
turn to the right when you reach the waterfront;
you will see the boat club house right before you.
Come as quickly as possible. Don’t give the man
who delivers this any money, as I have already
paid him. Yours in haste,

“FRED ROBERTS.”

Charlie read the note careful] , and then telling
the ﬂower vender that he won d make his pur-
chase when he came back, started for the river
front at a brisk walk.

Not the shadow of a susgicion had entered his
mind that there was anyt ing wrong about the
note.

He had heard Roberts say that he had some
friends in the city,‘ and that he was going out to
call on them but an hour before, and he took it
that the friendsmust be members of the boat club.

The boy was not long in ‘getting to the water “'

front.
It was easy walking down the hi11,,so he did not
bother to take a car.

When he got to the foot of the street he turned '

to the right, and, sure enough, he saw the build-
ing occupied by the boat club less than a hundred
yards away. .

He started for it, and when about halfway
there he saw a man trying hard to get a small
catboat oﬁ' the end of a ﬂoat.

Natural] he paused to look at the man, for he
could see that he had more than he could handle
alone.

“Give me a lift. won't yer, young fellow?” the
man asked, as he looked up and saw the boy.

“Certainly,” was the reply, for the young ball _

pitcher was always obliging.
- He stepped upon the ﬂoat and put his strength
upon the little boat in conjunction with the man.

The boat slid of and sat gracefully in the
water.

“Thank yer, young feller," said the man.’ “I
couldn't have done that alone, I guess.”

Then, for‘ the ﬁrst time, Charlie noticed that
there was something familiar about the fellow.

He looked at him keenly and saw that his beard
was decid crooked. '

It ﬂa pon him instantly that the man was
no other t an Bill Butts in disguise.

The boy was standing close to the edge of the
ﬂoat and right alongside the C8tb08t.\

Before he knew what had happened the man
struck him a blow on the breast and back into
the boat the boy went. * -

His head struck the boom of'~the boat as he
fell, and he was rendered unconscious.

But it was not more than ﬁve minutes’ later
when he came to, for the blow had been but .
glancing one, _and had done no real dam othqr
than to cut his scalp sli htly, and when is tried

to get upon his feet he ound thabhis hands‘ and '

ft‘ rd, dtht h rch'
rgigeieif hll: mblitth Sidatieiimiiigm. mt had 

  

  

C

 

The boat was sailing, too, and at the tiller sat
Bill Butts, the false beard in his lap.

It did not take the boy but a second or two to

i realize what had happened, and then it was that
He made a desperate struggle to free himself.

‘ “It ain’t no use, Charlie Cooper,” said Butts,
grinning like a ﬁend. “You'll never pitch another“
ball game, fur you’re goin’ ter be drowned jest as
soon as \\-'e git to a place where no one will see
me chuck yer overboard!”

Poor Charlie! He thought of all the principal
events in his whole life just then, and he won-
dared if it was.really his last hour on earth.

He could not get up, or even cry for help. He

j was as helpless as a new-born babe.

   
    
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
    
     
  
   
 

- The boat sped along for perhaps twent _min-
.uites and then Butts brought her around. ith a
diabolical grin, he got u and lifted the boy as

— _r thou in he had been a sac of potatoes.
‘ Sp ash! Charlie struck the water and sank be-
t — low the surface and then the catboat sped back
for Yonkers before a stiff breeze from the south.

 

CHAPTER XII. '
“Take the Bet, Mr. Roberts; I Am Here!”

When noon arrived there was much eigcitement
at the hotel at which the Unknown nine were

 gliﬁiie Cooper had not been seen in over an
hour, andmo one seemed to know _where he was._
Luncheon was ready for them in a PNV3-te din‘

 ::::.:;.*:::.**.%.£:"§.;'°:::i:*;*;=P-F... Rob—
 idtohiswifqastheystoodatthedoorof
v g  ﬁhgjinnig-rooxn.’ “Something tells me, that some-
. thing has happened to him. If he does not turn
A; up in half an hour from now I will set the_polic_e
' to huntinghim up.‘ 1_would not be_surpr_ised if
. we bag that the villain called Neville is at the
 ‘{fshﬁ§§?gT§€5hlia§"5i£e ‘answered. ""‘Fi'om
what I have seen of him. Charlie is a_P1'ettY WW1‘
headed boy. He can take care of himself ‘pretty
uni I-‘think. Look at the presence of mind he
yowod Saturday at Paterson! .WhY» if he hﬂd
._ aotseized that bomb and hurled it from, the auto
iv.-: “3J’§."ii“v “’*.."‘.?§“éi.’:‘;’.'ii:‘ll.."°‘i“.‘.:.3“..‘i:‘;. ai
v" . ,  ’ " I .
lpaszed and the boyliad not ar-_
- ye - — .. ': »
f_,.‘R,ob:1jts_left the hotel and made hi.y to the
‘?°‘},";,f’ qn‘tah5¢k°n}y'  1: Charlie 
.;gm'..g.i, missing, and ‘ﬁt he feared ioul p_iay
??io‘wasdm;od3}for a descriPti91.1 01 the b°7» 
”“"" “i'°"i i‘“’ -' 1 ttoﬁnd h‘ "
2 police wi1‘ln%(>tt!hee‘11rhleev‘i:e!'=i:s)% ' E) lookllzlﬁe

‘ “te}ier.uponhisawnhool¢- . . .
  not. the only one who was lookinz

 
 

    

    

 
 

 
   

  
   
  
   
      

     
  
   
  

 

9

I FAME AND "FORTUNE WEEKLY

it Ming-room, and when the star pitcher failed to_

nine was out ,

e-{the
 A ,6  ; h ..

\
grounds at two-thirty, for the game was adver-
tised to start at three. ‘
Roberts was in a great state of worriment,
He knew not what to do. -7
If Charlie Cooperrfailed to put in an appear- .
ance he knew thegame would be lost to them. He _.3
did not want to play it unless the boy showed up, vi
for he had lost heart. ‘
He had a talk over the telephone with the man-
ager of the Yonkers team and stated the case.
But the manager insisted that a game should
be played, declaring that it would spoil their
«chances of drawing a crowd at the games they
had scheduled for the season if _the people were
disappointed on a day like this. ’
_ The manager of the Unknown nine knew that
this was night. ’ '
. So he gave in and promised over the wire that — ~
the Yonkers people should not  disappointed.
Pretty Marjorie West was ale and nervous
when the time came for the p ayersto ride over
to the grounds. _ .
But she got into the auto and rode to the
grounds, hopinghagainst hope that Charlie would
ap at in time play.
here was no help for it; the game had to be
played, so the boys went to the dressing-room
and donned their uniforms. L
Rolly Dawson, the substitute, went out to prac-
tice with them; “
It had not been decided as yet who would go ‘in
the pitcher’s box if Charlie did not come:  .
Harry Hodge was a prett fair pitcher, but he‘ ,
knew in his own heart that e could not do much‘ r .
with a strong team like Yonkers. . -,
‘ Anyhow, he could not have gone in the box ill
place of Charlie Cooper and pitched with any de- ‘
gree of conﬁdence; _
th'1‘h§. boys went igiioi the ﬁeld, blflt tie rages -
ey ut up cause more cries o_ ri ‘c e— n” ,.=
anything else. . - ‘ s 
Kisses, too, were heard on eve hand. ‘.1
The grand-stand was crowd , as well as ﬂick
'3l‘each}ers,h and it was ezrident that- the people “V33
oug t t ey were going osee a ye i r§amg_
judging by the way_the boys handleldyﬁ , L p '
“It is too bad,’f said Harry Hodge, as they came‘
in and gave the ﬁeld to the home team for 
tice. “I have strong hopes that Charlie will turn
up in time, but if he don't there is no use in tune
ing to play the game. 1 That is the way .1; feel"
about it, boys." _ « I ' -
They all voiced his sentiments. '-  . N
Roberts walked back and forth near tli deals-«a.
ing-room in .a listless sort of way. . ' - : n4 ‘
. He was more worried than he had ever 
in his life before. v i ,. 
It was quite natural that he should think th$t.;,»'.
Neville and Bill Butts were responsible for,’ ,
disappearance of the star player of the 
nine, and he blamed,hiniself for havin brought ‘
the boy into such prominence -that e‘ 
ni_ake -such vile enemies. \ ' ‘
' Roberts lookedatniswatch. . J A 
. Itl3¢k£dbl}tteI|!n1'll\ltQi_’t0th1'Qe.‘. ,4 _
,. “I wonder if he will come‘."f e asked. . . 
“Soinethi ,tells me that he ‘bat  er

 ' his  wshuhat

-hath - 2
that “its net: afar q’~"‘~

  

  
  
   
   

 
  
     
       
    
     
    
    
  
  

‘:'.\

     
    
  
     
    
  

      
 

  

 _ Fame and Fortune Weekly

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

  
  

NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1926

TERMS TO SUBSCKIBLKS

 

Iingle Copies .............. ... 8 CW3!
.0IIe Copy Three Months ..... .. -W
-' Ole Copy six uonuu... . :00
' :- Dnecopy one Xear . . . . . . . . . . .. 00

Canada. $4.50: Fofelkn. 5-00-

uu x0rui;!—At our not send P. 0.

 011-.:er.8.t:2heck or Registered Letter; remittances

in any other way are at your ‘risk we accept roux‘.

pg the same as cash. When sending silver wrap

the coin in 3 ai-ate piece or paper to avoid cutting

envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
Agidreu letters to

WESTBURY, runmsnmo co., Inc.
168 w. 23rd St., N. Y. c.

’ I inn: xinon-r. Pres. and ‘1‘r--
I. ﬁ,'ﬁA3B, Vleo-Pros. and Ice.

' ' ' 1 dd' ustom which
1..§“,§;',.‘{',’;:’,‘.°§‘.. ".-.’§2"s‘L°."....‘I'rZ uiiﬁ Soc yegrs. has
‘ appeared at several fashionable weddings in Paris
recently.

. PANTHER IS KILLVEADY ON UKIAH HIGH-

W. H. Hooper owner of a house on the Ukiah
road, killed 3 piinther that crossed the road in
front of his home. The cat measured seven feet.

.- RELIEF TRAIN’S FAST RUN

 

. ~ir_-wr~.s;.=s?v'r¢"W,r?:'

L, d b the Illinois
 mﬁeﬁgﬁg  liﬁf wyirkers to the
E, . loene of the Florida disaster. The train covered

_.i th ,dJ-nan bet Chicago and Miami, 1,499
E. miles. in 3§el10ul’:?l11Id 12 minutes.

COW TRAMPLES  AT YAKIM_A FAIR
_ While leading a cow into the State fair grounds
;; Yakima a man named Hartenberger was
 miiewlivﬁi dmfigxin 1t?¢liedSt(.ml':‘.liza Hospital in an

unconscious condition suffering PINE“? f’°“"“
~ fractured skull \

S. ..

 

1 . RSE’S PRAYER
 FromWnIﬁ oI;IzeX§8,  word that Theo-
7 dare D. Meye5,J'residenc and ,ze9¢r%1 ““““‘€°’ °{
; the Humane ense Le8¢°°v 1'‘ ‘3‘“.“‘9 ‘m “pp”
 for humane treatment of aninpals» “ted 3 “*9 h°
 jug,“ "gently on the Ship Channel at Man-
 .n. saidthat as the  ""9 °°‘gi“
an-31 5,-om their dai work, he no
' horse that had in unmercifully
 .m.- loaded lines until its hind lei: said
were covered with blood. T316 horseohx ‘ﬁgs
‘ '“’"""" ta. bone and had hini
xt mxirning. where
the omcers. It was
to memorize the
to the court in

N

1%

     
  
   
   
  

STEAL BRIDES’ GARTERS AT WEDDING IN v
PARIS

27

HOW FAR HAVE WE ADVANCED?

From the Fifth Book of Manu, compiled per-
haps more than_ two thousand years ago, we re-
produce the following:

“He who consents to the death of an animal;
he who kills it; he who dissects it; he who buys
it; he who sells it; he who dresses it; he who
serves it; and he who makes it his food: there are
eight principals in the slaughter.

“He who injures animals that are not injurious,
from a wish to give himself pleasure, adds noth-
ing to his own happiness, living or dead.

‘.‘Whi1e he who gives no creature willingly the
pain of conﬁnement or death, but seeks the good
of all sentient beings, enjoys bliss without end.

“Flesh meat cannot be procured without injury

‘to animals, and the slaughter of animals ob-
structs the path to beatitude. From ﬂesh meat.
therefore, let man abstain. The man who for-
sakes not the law and eats not ﬂesh meat shall at-
ta_in good in this world and shall not be aﬁlicted
with maladies.”

 

LAUGHS

He (accepted)—Now I've got to speak to your
father, and I kno\v he dislike me. She-—Don’t
worry, dearest, he has a far greater aversion to
my bills. ‘

Gunnery Ofﬁcei-—Now, men, remember that it
costs us $40 every time we ﬁre this gun. Patrick
?. I-§.—Sure an’ 0i’ll fire the blamed gun for yes

or 20. .

“Pec_k’s wife walks all over him. He's what

you might call a telescope husband.” “What do

ou mean?” “She draws him out, sees through
im and shuts him up.” '

 

“ a;Why, igslie, byotu’ve oifelretg ytinr but-
every n ' 1-gt}; ,
Why didn't you hand  to hii¥io?m'Sii!siee (with 
nocent candor)—Because, mamma, little brother
always takes it.
__________
“I bet I know what makes Nellie wear her hair
::.::.'::‘§.::;* "2: “"5? "”§.’;°¥”' ‘gm 9;;
m n. “ cs. '11’ '
tell. Only i my ears were as big :: sistge‘i"’us! I'd
do something like that myself.”

 

_Old Salt—-Yes, sir, I fell over the side of the
ship, and a shark ’e came along and grabbed me
by the le . Visitor--Good graciousl And what
did you 0?
course. I never argue with sharks.

 

He—If you could have two wishes come true,
what would you wish for‘! She 1frankly)—WeIl,
I'd wish for a husband. He—That’s only one.
She-I’d save the other wish until I saw how he
turned out.

 

Old Salt—Let ’im ’ave the leg, o"

I

Curio Dealer—'l‘hat, sir, is a rare old llevolver. .

carried by Christopher Columbus.
-What! Why, revolvers were not invented in
Columbus’: time. Curio Dealei~—I know.
whatmakesthisonesonrel .

Customer-— '

 

  

F Alone, On A Coral Reef

- A few years ago the schooner Caleb’ Curtis,
formerly a pilot-boat on the. bay of San Fran-
cisco, sailed to survey Clipperton Island, in lat-
itude 10 degrees north, longitude 110 degrees
west, where there were known to be rich deposits

__ of guano, and where one of her crew, Johnson

 by name, was left, with provisions for several
months, to see what could be done in the way of

 getting the guano ready for transportation.
.__ Johnson was left alone on the island for four
' months, and had it not been for the setting down
of four of the crew of the Helen Mariman on a
similar errand, with fresh provisions, he must
have perished, or lost his reason from loneliness.
‘. These men lived there among the land crabs
on that island for four months longer, until the
schooner Coinpeer called there and took them off.

These men reached San Francisco a few weeks
later. .

Henry Johnson told a strange tale of the sea
that, expect for the undoubted proofs of its ver-
ity, sounds more like a story by Rider Haggard
than an actual chronicle of facts.

_ “I was supposed to be a carpenter on board
the Caleb Curtis,” said Johnson, “but when they
began to talk about the guano on Chipperton Is-
land, and the big money there was to be made
if we could get at it, I said, ‘Put me ashore there,
and I'll heap up enough to load the vessel by the
time you come back.

. “You see, the island looked coizitortalﬂe enough
from on board the schooner, and there's a bit of
‘ the Robinson Crusoe in me, anyway, so I thought
H it would be a rather out-and-out ark, if only I
had enough to eat and a drop or two to drink.

“Clipperton Island is a_little out of the track
gt most,’ vessels. It’s nothing but a long stri
of land with a fresh—water lagoon in the mi -

. die, and a fringe of coral reef all around it.

‘ And that reef is the kind of fringe that has teeth

on it. ~
~ “The Caleb Curtis boat was to put me ashore,
' and let me look about a bit before they left me
‘for good, but it was all they could do to land
he and the provisions I had. _
i ‘.'I said I was a bit like Robinson Crusoe in my
of thinking, but I confess to a queer sort of
‘ mug when I saw that boat goin farther and
7 ﬁarther away from me. ‘Pm mo_na or all _I sur-
ﬁiquy,’ says I, but there was a biggish lump in my
., ‘uncut, and It coi:ildn’t swallow it to save my
' Ii!

fa zlrhis was along toward the last of July, you
" hiow, and the eatlier was fine. It was Pm“-7
an , ken the boat left me, and when
_ (Jab ' Curtii got under way. and Btilfted
.  an brow,’ it we as pretty a picture as

the mast seemed to fall down all

 as shut-outtroni view. I

 

 

  

 
 

  

 

  

   
  
  

  

   
   

of-

and.
m&.'{"‘ 1 nim”

'. v-

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

moment. One foot came plump down on a shell-,
like sort of thing thatinoved under my weight.
I found I was literally surroimded by
I was certainly not likely to lack company if I
counted crabs.

~ “Just then I noticed it growing lighter in the
east, and a few minutes later the big, round
moon came up. I used to laugh at the talk of
there being a man in the moon, out that night I
tell you I could see him as natural as life, and
if he'd held out a hand to me he’d been jolly
welcome to take supper with me, and to wash it
down with one of my dozen bottles of beer. Any-
body would have been welcome, for that matter.’

-But neither the crabs nor the moon said any-

thing to me, and the big lump kept coming up
in my throat. _

“There was a big rock a little way from where '
I ‘had beet sitting, and I got to the leeward of
that with part of my traps, and built a shelter
for the night. I stretched a tarpuliz. overhead,
unrolled my blankets, and lay down for a sleep.
But the crabs were glad to have‘ some one to»
visit, and I‘ had to get up and walk about.

“I stood still for a moment when I had gone
a little way down the beach, and above the noise
of the surf I noticed another~noise. It was some-
thing like a shuﬂ’le, as if some creature had come
out of the water and was creeping along the
sand, but I soon found out that -it was e by
the crabs. The beach was alive wi .‘
Every step I took I disturbed some of them, and
most steps disturbed me a little, for . was‘ al-
most sure to tread upon them.

“I found that the strip of land betweenggthe

sea and the fresh-water lagoon _was not more >
I dipped up some -
tasted up-:¢

than six hundred feet wide.
water from the lagoon with my hand and p
it. It was not bad, except for a flavor of crabs

which —I imagined it had, but I_afterward found *
out that the ﬂavor was wholly imaginary on my I

part, for those creeping things can’t live in the
water at all, and when th began to get in my
way I got in the habit of s oveling them off into
the water to get rid of them.

“It was a broken rest I_ had the first night,
and I was up before sunrise.

good my promise about staying an working
alone on the island. But I_was_ glad to seethe
sun rise. I had never been quite alone before,
that 1 could remeinber, and the sun seemed to be
like somebody coming to call. I

“The sun sent 9. Ion shadow from the rock
behind which I had ma _e my bunk down the
rest’ of my traps on the shore, and that _ ,
me that I had plenty of work to do. I s In
the morning building a sort of house.
other stones slot: the beach. and laid up
walls, so that, wit ‘the ham
walled-shelter. -The tarp , ,
other rocks, made an excellent roof. _ . ‘ ‘
thrown against the walls, on the outside, kept-
wind out and inadelme snug as a bugin a rug." .
. “After dinner! tool: ai lo 

“ of the. island. nuicor ten 

,, ..,

land crabs. 

 
   
 

I swallowed the °‘
big lump‘ in my throat and was read to make ,

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
   

"u

 
 
        
   
   
   
   
   
   
         
       
      
  

   
    
     
   
   
   
       
       
   
      
     
   
    
   
        
 
 
 

   

   got into bed with me, but I was beginning
'  geeti used to them. They didn’t bite; they only
2- W

,',.f‘When I began to think of going to work on
the guano, I found that I was likely to have my
_~ labor for my pains. Onvmost islands you can
scrape the stuﬁ together with a hoe and pile it
1:3 up with a shovel, but on Chipperton Island the
' ~ rains had beaten it so hard that a pickaxe could
' hard] penetrate it. It was likgnlayers of leather.
 I could do nothing with it at .

' “The next thing to be thought of was what
in the world I was to do until the ship should
come after me. I didn’t even have a pack of
1 cards to play solitaire with. I thought once of
 ‘training some of the crabs and getting them
. ready to exhibit at some country fair, but in a
’ few weeks’ time, when my pl'OVlSl0lil‘S begém to
1 run short, I found another use for t e cra s.

’ “Soft-shell crabs and toast, and deviled crabs,
~_ ‘ and crab salad, and all that sort of thing may
"sound all right on a bill of fare, and they may
.1 all taste well enough in tllileir way, but vghen on:
comes to havin crabs t ree times a ay, an
such crabs as t ese, it is almost too much of a

good thing.
- “I presumebit was ac greaat atl’}!1l0l.lllt oftexer-
 cisethese cra s took at ma e em so sron .
 At any rate, they were strong, yet they ma e
:=_. fair eatin as a side dish when I learned how
 cook cm. They daveraged alliout tigo by
ree inche ‘n size; an were cermi ion re even
before theys were boiled. ‘
' ...z‘ ::,‘:r; §‘°.if“fi“““ *.:“:%:y*‘°°““%.‘::.**'
 t e or e, wor i e a ma c x
~'; with a tail to it. These ﬁsh were only about
I inches long, and from one to two iiilclhes
 square, as if chopped out with an axe. ese
», :l_Ind the crabs, and some booby birds that I
'” knocked over with a stick, were about all I had
%in four long months to help out my supply of

..= provisions. .

.- ’ “I used to keep count of the _days as they

‘ passed b$ tallying them on_ the side of my big

 rock. I 'dn't expect the ship back until early in

" October, but when it got to be the middle of that

month, and I had seen no soil I began to feel a

anxious.

“I ‘got into the habit of sitting up on the high-

test int of the island and watching the water

all y long. One day I saw a sail away oil to

the’ southward, but it never got near enough to see
any sign I made. _~ -

, “You can imagine how glad I was when I

-woke‘ up one morning in November, and found a

vessel making for lfahe :‘S‘llaI;‘d. Ihsalw her gomgogg

;Is.near as she cou a t ens c owere a .

_SAbont ten men got,into her, and they began to

1-flgall for the shore. When I stood upon.a rock and

nyaged my hat, the tigfen lsto ped.§0W1Itl}g"- The:
-~ ' me afterward ey in no i 68 ere 3
‘ y on the island, and when they saw rne
._ thought! was a savage. But_  was awild
onltyii in my ggy to see some living creature
_’-4, “T13 Veqglcgllat there was the Helen Mariman,
_‘§= these nien  been  éihshoref for the same
' ' ‘ war ~ been re or.
:95:-ied toltell then'i.b_efore Etna landed that
“  be dug up and \ at the}? W35
"  l ‘ g . ”

Se  :‘;

  
   

   

 

   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

‘inside of three months.

’ v

39 .

no use of their landing, but they knew best, of
course.

“There were four of them going to stay, and
altogether we’d get on in great shape so I con-
cluded to stay if they did. I had a sort of pro-
prietary interest in the island, you see. So the
four men, with provisions for about three months,
were landed. The boat went back to the vessel,
and she sailed away. ’

“These new arrivals were feeling a bit more
merry than I had been, and before night they had
got be quite jolly for a man who had lived alone
for four months. Next day I proved to them that‘
there was no use thinking of gathering guano.
It was too late, then, to think of calling their
ship back. She was out of sight long ago. All
they could do was to make the best of it.

“The Helen Mariman had promised to be back
She certainly wouldn't
come sooner. So there was that‘much time to be
put in at anything we might think of. First, I
did the honors of the island. The crabs needed
no introduction. They introduced themselves. I
presented the booby bird: in due form, and
showed my guests where and how to catch the
square fish. I told them how my provisions had
run short, and how I had been forced to dine on
my companions, the crabs.. But the newcomers
said they'd plant potatoes, and these would be

fresh spuds in plenty by the time the other grub '

gave out. The vines came up in great shape.
They grew up into regular trees, and the crabs
reveled in their shade, but there were no roots,
and, of course, no potatoes.

“We got so used to the crabs that we got to
throwing them at each other. One day we had
a game of baseball, with crabs for balls, until
the wind was not strong enough .0 carry oﬂ’ the
smell, and then we began to look for other things
to occupy our time with. -

“February came, and still no sign‘ of a vessel

to take us oil‘ the island. Provisions were getting

very low. Crabs had begun to taste good once
more. Even the seabirds had stopped laying, and
there was not an egg to be had.

February is supposed to be the shortest month
of the year, but it was long enough for us.
March came on, and with it came the hope that
somebody must soon come. But the month was
nearly gone before the Gompeer hove in sight.
She came to us in the early morning, just as the
lliariman had come to me, and she was making
direct for the island when we saw her.

“Our first thought-was to see what her plans
were, so we made no preparations to depart, but
stood down by the shore to welcome the boat.

“When we told them there was no guano ready,
they said, ‘Jump in,’ and we jumped in without
further parley. We left our hut, with its boxes
and tarpulin roof, just as I had made it. We

did not even take time to formally turn it over _

to the crabs. _
“Half an hour later we were on the deck of the
Compeer, sailing away from Clipperton Island.
There was good food at hand, and San Francisco‘
was among the good things ahead of us. Still I
looked back with something like a feeling of
longing for the strip of land I had lived on so
, and I really thought I could see the crabs

lon
gaogéeggon the highest part of the  to  S

 
   

   

 

 

,i.- I>‘rn'irV :-,'_'y

 -i V  FORTUNE WEEKLY
2; V ‘ e A CURRENT News a e

,.-'_‘ »."_-y .-

GASSING COCOONS _

A war gas has turned out to be of great use
‘to the silk industry. When the cocoons are kill-
ed, it has been found that gassing them is much
better than "the old method of baking or steam-

. ‘The cocoon is said to keep much longer _

251, therefore, can be handled as non—perishible
merchandise in transportation and storage.

ELECTRIC RIVER CRAFT TO CHANGE
- COMMERCE

Rail and water transportation in the United
States enters a new era through the successful
adaptation of the principle of the electric drive to
the propulsion of river craft, recently developed
by United States Army engineers, according to
Hajor John G. Gotwals, district Government en-

gineer in St. Louis. _
— This principle, said to be the most economical
‘ and eﬂlcient form of motive power ever devised,
culminates years of effort by_ army engineers and
' is the initial step toward realization of the dreams

~ of railroads throughout the country for years.

 

  
 
   
    
 
   
    
    
    
  
  
  
   

» Is THERE LIFE ON THE M'ooN?

Host astronomers would say no. But strangely
enough, the question is far from settled. s
is our nearest neighbor in’space. It is less t an
240,000 miles distant from us on the average.
its li ht comes to us within one and one-half
ggcomfs (compare the Pole Star-—ﬁfty vears). _ It
, _ can be kept under almost continuous o servation
from every observatory in the world. Best of all,
it has no atmosphere, hence no clouds and no dust
dorms obscure our view (if its 811!'f8ce- Yet
uuyonorners are by/_no _mearis agreed as to
whether or not there is life on the moon. _

. A few trained observers of great experience
{Soul sure that in or near some of the great craters
" ﬁat gape at us so my ously from the moon’:

surface a form of low vegetation flourishesﬂdies
ﬂourishes a ' . Where would this life get
" as water‘! From ﬁssures in the craters, they say.
Doctor Althea’: opinion is against this_ and_ with

the majority, but he admits the question is not

v
I .

 

! ISTLEHDISPLACES SCRIPTURE AT
WHSTART OF FOOTBALL SERMON

startled the coupe ation in St. Paul's
‘Kingston Hill .iingston-On-Thames,
the Rev. A. Wellesley Orr aroseto deliver
Vserinon. Instead of fgrefacting hi8_!'em8rk8
with a text of Scripture, e vicar explained that
tho whistle would serve as such,

 
  
  

   
     
   
   
  
 

smayofthe

were members of football cl of the
2: district. - .
whistle strikes terror_into many of you’;
iumped.

noticed .113? the way in which you
; 3;, . -
T‘ he an young man had been

 vim 1=r.cw°d°d.  

 

C A A  sharp blast of a referee’: whistle from the‘

.  ‘V9’ 1

.r—’

Saturday afternoon and trying to do a bit of
good on Sunday." '

The pews of the church were decorated with
football jerseys brought by the "respective clubs.

WHENCE CAME THE MINOR PLANETS‘!

Between Jupiter and Mars a swarm of little
planets chase each other around the sun, rushing
through the dark, cold space just as regular

I ..
/,_,

planets do, but astonishing us by their smallness, ,

their great numbers and their mysterious origin.
There are more than a thousand of these pocket-
edition planets that are known and catalogued
and there are probably thousands more not yet
discovered. _

Are they’ the remnants of a shattered planet?
Astronomers used to think that possible; now they
think not. And what happens to them? Per-
haps one or two of them are captured by the
planets now and then and made to serve as
moons. Jupiter, it is thought, may have gotten
one or more of his eight moons that wa . ~

The real answer to these questions, owever,
remains for some brilliant astronomer to solve.

EFFICIENT ORIENTALS

That the Chinese and Japanese can live longer.
work longer or starve longer on a low ration of
food than the American or European peoples is
an ancient belief. ‘Why _ have these Orientals
been able to live on so little food‘! »

The answer is, their basal metabolism, or
energy exchange
to tests.

#2:}

3.

of the body. is lower, awarding E

The Orientals are fundamentally more eﬂieient 

engines than we are, and their noted ability to
live on a scant diet is seen to be not wholly due
to their lack of wastefulness or to some special
psychological characteristic, such as “natural

3

toi_ighhness,” which many have ascribed to them. ‘ 7‘.

e ﬁndings are summarized as follows: The
vital capacity of the Chinese or Jspanse was.
Edged by American standards, _very low, that

, 14.3.cubi'c centimetres per centimetre of height

and 1.54 litres per square metre of snfi-ace area.

as compared with the normal standards for wo—; 

men of not far from 20 -cubic centimeters and Iv
‘litres, respectively. The lilood pressure of the.
three subjects measured was normal, The anti
age pulse rate for the entire group was 60 beats
per minute, with a minimum of 54 and a max-

imum of 64, that is, values that are at the.lower,"¥

   

   
  

 
   
   

   
  

 

 

if not indeed slightly below the lower, limits tort» l;l

‘normal Americans. . V
The most signiﬁcant ﬁndings had to deal-with
the basal metabolism, which in all cases
belewlthe a::e1:;epted numagtmlin most 
mg y ow, average in ism being I L
.cent below, the Harris and Benedict 
st:-giodards.t'jn8 ’ . '
mnien onxthose _ ‘
the American Medical Associa it says: ﬂint
rush of Western. civilian  av
me . rate’? . Is the {ow 
. as .  '- ‘id

 
 

   

  

 

    
   
 
  
   

 

 '»

, CALIFORNIA BOASTS 1,061,272 AUTOS

 Ca1ifomia’s great ﬂeet of automobiles, second
ES" only to that of New York, numbers 1,061,272

  

r

‘ ger cars, the State Board of Equalization
 . ﬁ announced. Assessed valuation of these
vehicles is set at $220,210,235-

- A FAMOUS PARADOX
Often on eets the question as to what would
' xiirresistible force meet an immo-
Vable body.

J’ prominent fallacies in logic.‘ _ _ _
"V.-swer is that the question is impossible as it

E
if

  

This is one of the oldest and most
The ordinary an-

   

-- be resisted obviously there could be no object
-' that was immovable, and vice-versa. But the
question as it stands is fertile in its P1‘0d“¢ti°n

 of argument. What do YOU thmk?

.. DO CHARLESTON IN PLANE _
if The experiment of_ dancing the Charleston in
 an airplane at a height of 2,000 feet has been
 carried out at the Croydon Airdrome, London.
machine selected for the purpdse Was an 9-11‘

   

 stands; for if there were a force that could not

_ liner belonging to the London-Paris route and -

 throughout the dancing it kept perfect poise.

y - Two loadin professional exponents ‘of the new

, smooth Char eston gave the exhibition aboard

- to music supplied by a. phonograph, and after-
ward one of the passengers took a Lesson.

 LUCKY DIME FOUND BY GIRL IS RARE
. 1788 COIN WORTH $300 M
Alice Padgett of Sparta Township,‘ Newton,
’»-N. J., thought she was lucky the other day when
she found a dime near school. _ _
. ' She was more certain of it when a numismatist
 of Sparta, after consulting a com catalogue» 1015
her parents that the dime was a rare one and
worth about $300. It was coined by Maryland in
-1733, “cording .to’ inscriptions _on the two sides
-3 of the coin. It is in fair condition.

an *v To SALLY FORTH IN NEW
or DOG COAT,

f.’ The “hot dog" and all the other more aristo-
,__,'cratic variations of the sausage .879 t0 bl°°m
. ’ very soon’ in §ynthetic habilameigts. “h t
-_ Hitherto the covering, hide or_!'l_n8‘ 0_ 3 0
;dog‘’ has been thoroughly animalistic, with prop-
 and distinctions all its own. Many h8Ve
‘f; to the belief that this~covering was hardly

t.-.u'¢§g¢stib1e, or as appetizing as the sausage it-

1.. "e chemists of the Mellon Institute evolved
 new “Hot dog" skin. It is made from cellu-

 

hi Donn‘ BREATHE!-I-‘LY’S WINGS USED
IN METER TO MEASURE HEAT .

's‘.‘. delicate is a new instrument now being’
 -to measure heat in diﬁerent rts of the
‘ r of the fainter stars that . WIn8S~‘91'¢ ~

‘ ' of its construction, the mithsonian .

I - ' ix‘:-n:m'er, wizard crzitsﬁan of the‘ in-

I

   

FAME AND’ FORTUNE WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

  

31

 

stitution, who has just completed thirty-four
years of service, is making the device.

In contriving delicate instruments for insti-
tution scientists, Kramer has astonished the
craftsman’s world. He has cut down a brass
tube to such thinness that it crumples under its
own weight.

3,000 AT SERVICE vhow THEY T.-UK. WITH
D AD
_An impressive belief in spiritualism has been
registered at the spiritualists’ annual armistice
service in Albert Hall, London. Sir Arthur
Conan Doyle, leading the services, suddenly ap-
pealed to his hearers, shouting:
“I ask all who are sure that they have been
in touch with their dead to rise and testify.”
More than 3,000 men and women of all types
quietly rose, and this brought from Sir Arthur
thisT§'Ierv1ent;G(s)::iat¢;1ment :
u an t e ~ .
within ﬁve years tllizataltfi :(l)lC’Iila2IlIly alipegioi-2:3

zgapaiztilildbzgiiggnfzilln rise. We are not testifying

 

SUBMARINE DEVICE ENABLES TALKIN
WITH SUNKEN CRAFT G
The British ‘Admiralty is conducting an in-
vention for locating and communicating with
submarines that are unable to rise to the suface.
The apparatus is the invention of a North
Country man, consists of a buoy carried by the
submarine alongside the conning tower. If the
submarine is unable to rise to the surface the
buoy can be released and, being ﬁlled with com-
pressed air, rises quickly to the surface and
floats above the sunken vessel, to which it is at-
tached by a cable.
The buoy contains a telephone, by means of
which rescuers and the imprisoned men can com-
municate. It also holds rockets, a lighting ap-

paratus and a_. signal bell to attract the attention
of passing ships. .

 

DIRTY SHIRTS, OLD SHOES, NEW COL-
LEGIATE STYLES
Collegiate styles are changing. Here is the
latest thing in fashions for the college youth as
expounded by King Wilkens, city editor of the
Daily Californian, student newspaper at the Uni-
versity of California:
'I‘ies are no longer ‘an fait.” _
.The “hon ton” show a marked preference for
last year’s shoes. \
Fancy hose patterns are worn on Friday and
Saturday nights only. .
Plain woolen track socks sumce for daily wear.
Shirts are worn dirty and open at the collar.
The tag from a tobacco sack, hanging from a
vest pocket, adds to the festive note. ‘
Blue chainbray is favored, though any old shirt
will do if it is frayed enough.‘ _ _
The trend in breeches seems to be to antiquity,
achieved through dirt or rough usage. ‘
Creases are still ‘popular, but not down the
front of the trousers. - . - .

    
 
 

  

OUR TEN-CENT  BOOKS

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They contain
 Valuable Information on Almost
- _ Every Subject.

 

~‘ No. L NAPOLEON’S ORACULIJM AND DREAM
' BO0K.—Cont.ainiug the great oracle of human destiny.
‘ also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams
toggther with charms. ceremonies and curious games of
car s.
“ “ No. 2. HOW TO DO TRICK8.—The great book of
 magic and card tricks. containing full instructions on
sll leading card tricks of the day. also the most popular
. magical illusions as performed by our leading «magi-
! clans: every boy should ohtain a copy of this book.

No. 3. HOW TO l"LlB'l‘.—The arts and wiles of
ﬂirtation are fully explained by this little book. Be-
sides the various methods of handkerchief. fan. lzlove.
psrssol. window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list
of the lanruage and sentiment of ﬂowers.

‘ No. 8. HOW To nnconu: A SCIEN'l'ls'.l‘.-—A useful
.2 and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on

i ’ ~ chemistry: also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.

mathematics. chemistry. and directions for making lire-

works. colored tires. and gas balloons.

Dis. 0. HOW TO ‘BECOME A VEN'l'1lILOQt'ls'l'.—-Bv
Harry Kennedy. Every intelligent boy reading this
book of instructions can master the art. and create any
amount of fun for himself and friends.

No. II. HOW 1'0 BOX.—The art of self-defense made
easy. Containing over thirty illustrations of guards,
blows. and the different nositmns of a _good hoxer.
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and in-
strncdve hooks. as it will teach you how to box without
nu instructor.

X0. 11. HOW TO WRITE LOVE-L‘l§’l"l‘ERS.—A most
complete little book. containing full directions for writ-
ing love-letters. and when to use them. giving specimen
letters for young and old.

No. 18. HOW TO DO IT: 03. BOOK 01'' E1‘!-
QU‘l:'r'l*lB.—-It isza great life secret. and one that every
young man desires to know all about. The:-e’s happi-
ness in t. ~

in. 15. now 'ro'ur:conn man.-—'rms wonderful
book presents you with the example and life experience
of some of the most noted and wealthy men in the
world. For those who aspire to fame and fortune. this
book will rive you the secret. . '

No. ‘II. HOW TO ‘KEEP A WINDOW GARDEN.-—
Containing full instructions for constructing a window
garden either in town or country. and the most up-
prtoved methods for raisins beautiful ﬂowers at home.

80. 11. HOW TO DRl.'88.—-(‘ontaiuiug full instruc-
tion in the art of dressing and amiearing well at home.
and abroad. giving the selections of colors. material. and
haw to have them made up. ‘

' Ho. 1!. HOW TO BECOME BEAU’l'll"UL.—One of
‘tin hrishtest and most valuable little books ever given
to the world. Everybody wishes to know how to become
beautiful, both male and female.
; No. 9. ROW TO BECOME AN IN'VEN’l'0R.—Every-
‘body should know how inventions oxillnated. This book
explains them all. g(ivlng examples in electricity. hy-
drsulicl. magnetism. olitics. pneumatics. mechanics. etc.
. N0. 8. HOW To COOK.-—Oue of the most. instructive
..)..ogs on cooking ever published. It contains reel es
‘ for cooking meats. ilsh. name. and oysters: also pes
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pastry. and a gran
bolleetiou of recipe . .

Is. 81. How To lull!‘ ll0I'!SE.—It contains infor-
mation for everrhody. boys. girls. men and women: it
will teach you how to make almost anything around
the house. such as parlor ornaments. hrackets. cements.
‘ooﬂgn harps. and bird lime for catchintbirds.

No. 88. HOW To uncosm YOUI OWN noc'ron..—
.‘ wonderful bank. containing useful and practical infor-
mation in the treatment ofordinarv diseases and sil-
- m nevus common to every family. Ahouuding in useful

‘_ Qgd elective recipes for general complaints.

' . HOW TO MAKE AND BIT l'3AP8.—Iuclud-
hints on how to catch moles. weasels. otters.‘ rats.
on ously

‘ ”‘m:s.:ud birds. Also how to cure skins.
%0o iniu a treat variety of the latest
ussd by the most cm and on. No amateur

'%h_isoomulsi:switIorutt.hiswon littlsbook.

srr  to sit
 '

  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
    
  
      
   
  
         

         
  

   
   
 
 
  

  

     
  

   
  

‘or saw roan nun nus-s

  
    
 

 

    
  

 u_s*sv¢n’:usiugn A

’ 10$ Fighting thfe v!\V‘l:]r‘ney Kings: or. The Little Speci-

Money . .
-‘ 110:: th:dGé>‘l‘¢,ipt3out. or. The Treasure of  
for all will so
ssls by nswsdsslss-s. or sass

Fame and Fortune Weekly

.— LATEST ISSUES

1082 A Boy Stock Broker: or. From Errand Boy Q"
Millionaire.

1063 Facing the World: or. A Poor Boy's Fight for

rtune. ,
1064 A Til) Worth a Million: or. How a Boy Worksd '
It In Wall Street. 

1065 Billy. the Cabin Boy: or, The Treasure of Skeletal

Island.
1086 Just His Luck: or. Climbing the Ladder of Dunn
and Fortune.
1067 Out With His Own Circus; or. The success of a
Young Barnum. ,
1068 Playing Igor Money: or. The Boy Trader of Wall

1069 The |B_o$eC‘.opper Miner: or. Ted Brown's Rise Is
It‘. 9!.

1070 Tips On the Tape: or. The Boy Who¢Startled Wal.
ree -‘ V =

1071 Striking It Rich: or. sx-om onccifaoy To nu-

chant Prince

I072 Lucky in Wall Street: or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers.

1073 In a Class b Himself: or. The Plucky Boy who

at to t e Top.
1074 Bullin the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Worked

Corn. . 
W75 After‘ the Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of (IO .5

J 8
1076 Little uJ"‘sye'Perkins, the Broker: or. Shearing the
all Street “Lamhs."
1(ﬂ7 The Young Coal Baron; or. Five Years With Th.

Miners. .
I018 coining Money: or. The Boy Plunger of Wal-K

tee

1079 Among the Tusk Hunters: or. The Boy who tonal
a Diamond Mine.

moo A Game Boy: or. From the Slums to Wall Strut.

1081 A Waif's Legacy: or. How It Made a Poor Boy

l to . V
1083 A Bo; Vrvitth Grit: or. The Young Salesman Who
Made His Mark. 5.
1184 Ted. the Broker's Son: or. Starting Out For 313- ii

se . . .
1085 Dick Darrell’s Nerve: or. From Engine-House b 

Mananei-‘s Oilice. » «
A Lucky star: or. The Boy Who Buds I
Million in Wall Street.

1087 .Tack‘;VF¢ls5tune: or. The Strangest Legacy in tin
P

_ i

1088 Tskiugochances: or. Playin For Big Stakes. - 
1089 Lost In the Tropics: or. e Treasure of Mk: =_,
’* e

K . . . ~
1090 Ten Silzant Brokers: or. The Boy Who Broke & ,..,":
a Street Syndicate. 
1091 Only a_ Falctory Boy: or. winning a Nuns In »'
1m 9 . 7 I};
1092 Fox &fDay."Bré>tkers: or. The Young floneyllaksss 
v 0 rec . ..  -'
1093 The Little: Wizard; or. The Success of along ‘ 
[IVER 01'.
1094 A Young Mechanic: or. Rising to tune and 
une. .
was Bank‘; Barry's Boy: or, Gathering the Dollars II  
all treet.
1096 In the Land of Gold: or. The Young Castaways
of the Mystic I e. ‘
10W Eastman J: Co. Stocks and Bonds; or. The Twin‘
Boy rokers of Wall , "1
1098 After the Golden Eagles; or. A Lucky Young Val
Stree Broker. "
1090 A Lulgky Lad; or. The Boy Who Made a llsllsﬂl‘
s .
noo Too coin: to Last: or. Six Months In the was
street Money Market. .-
1101 Dick. The Boy Lawyer or.‘Winnin a n was.‘
1102 Broker Dexter-'s New oy: or. A oung nnvﬂ
In Wall Street. '*
1103 From Hill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy Who ﬁt _
sine a Steel magnate. - ‘V _ -  ,3-— *
1106 Th gamelsxzeculators; or. The Wall Stnst 30*: r
Cl e. ; Ht.
‘L106 A strokeyegnnuck; or. The Boy Who lads

Litlel-Il.Th~Bo :'. '-
not: i a ‘nvgnugrnder or ticking

 

      
      
  

  

  

onneslstss‘sI'|sI5|I._s¢I0ssr.§_
t'wna'rsunr.'  

    