No_     13,  Price 8 Cents

  

 
 
      
   

@“hm<< @NEYo
E [E[KiJI1EI@§§  IE’&@[KiE[Rg°;
USTLINE run gmnnn WALLSTREET.    

K F/I/ﬂ4'[/»’/JM

As Dick reached for the bohk, the chair slipped from under him; To save himself, he caught
hold of the bookcase. His weight dislodging the upper half. Dick
and the case fell with a crash to the ﬂoor.

   /a1o«1a,d who acknowledged liimse

     m.m 

Westbury Publishing 00.. lm:., 140 Cedar Street, New york, N, 1
Dec. 3, 1911, at the Post~Uthce at New X0 rk. N X..

Foreign, $5.00. Copyright, 1927,;
Icntered as Second Class Matter
under the Act of March 3. 1879 '

No. 1123

NEW YORK, MAY 13, 1927

By’ A SELF-MADE MAN

CHADTER I—:l)andy ‘Dick Goes Home on a ‘klisit.

, By gum, Dick, this is never you, is it?” ex-
cl med Farmer Havens,“ gazing in. astonishment

 stalwart‘ son who had just alighted from

rear car of a, New Jersey Central train at
small station of Pugwash one Saturday a.fter—
oven» in August. » I
‘It's me all right, dad. Shake,” replied Dick
vans, with a broad grin.
Well might plain,
 stare at the swell lookingi eighteen~year-

_ , had come down» from New York. City to
spend a week’s vacation on the farm where he
was born and raised. Dick was dressed in a.
ade—to-order blue ﬂannel suit, cut in the very
test style, the bottoms of his trouser legs turned
in regulation fashion. His shoes were patent
 Erotected by bu1f—co1ored spats. , He
i (it e newest thing in‘, four—in-hand ties, in
', } was stuck a handsome pin, that fairly took

57 his fatherls breath, it was so gorgeous.

His collar was of thecustomary variety, while’

. head . covering was a low-crowned, wide-
,m‘med straw, with a parti-colored ribbon--the
iashiocn.-that summer. .» In one hand he carried a
‘tease, which hedropped to g;hake,hands with

is father,’ while in the other he held a thick.
‘ not as ordinary people carry the article for

"p ort,“ but half way up with the curved handle
‘ g downward at an angle of forty‘-ﬁve de~
t This wasn’t the ’ﬁrst time Dick had‘ re-

‘e home after-shaking farm work for a Wall —

setmessengefs job, but never before had he
is back looking, as his father subs tiuently dc»-
? . to a bunch of his ‘cronies at e general
like a fashion plate. The old man was
‘  staggered by the boy’s,dand1ﬁed appear-

‘ gdeed, (he couldohardlylbelieve this was really«

is —, and took off his spectacles to ruhthem m
0 get a clearer look. Dick was no more
last" remembrance of, hiin than an imita-

diamond, is like a gem of the urest waterr
sh, ” ejaculated Farzner avens for the
. as heiviewed his only son and heir
dzsapprovingl . ‘V “You’reha~. dude and no

Inst 1 yours t er?ll

rusticlminded ‘ Obadiah-

)? his son, and ».

=mo'ney to lay out on them duds.

“Gosh! What d’ye mean by that?” ’

4in‘1‘:IlX>h37(’),rl1:.e!(1;l;3£:iI:ly‘£Z(l:/ll;:I;t I look all right~——I’m dresseg"

“Oh, you are, eh? I dunno where you éotth
. . , They m_uS1':__ha
cost you a pile.- I am t seen none of the sum ,
boarders around here put onthe frills you d"
It's a waste of good money. I’m afeared sic-
extigvaganceg lée Iyour ruin." . . ,
0n§ense. 3, . ve got in enty pf money. Loo
at that, ’ and Dick ﬂashed out a roll that look
as“b1g as a house to his astonished father. , 
My son, he said solemnly, “have you bee!

V robbin’ a bank?”

Dick grinned as he shoved the wad back intg

his‘ vest pocket.

_ “1I‘§1<>éy<§:g1.ti PlaYlng the market,»
gambler?” _asked the old man with a look almo
of horror in his eyes.

“I Suppose all games of chance may be con.-

_ sidered a gamble, and the stock market is t

or

i he’s subject to."

. Obadiah...Havens as well as they knew
V 1 .
h tie a fit; a '

I'm’ ‘most ashamed to be

the end of the station.

greatest and riskiest of them all. . But don’t D

scared, dad, speculation in Wall Street is co

sidered very respectable.” ‘ '
“Did you make that money in Wall Street?” -

\ “Yes, dad.” ,
“How did you do‘ it?” {
“I'll _e>‘:})’la1-n later. Let’s go home. Where V

your rig. . _ l y 3

The waggm IS at the other endlog the smug
see '

Pick. Everybody round herenisvltaiolilixrl’ $21,103

It you was some efreaksthat had escaped from ‘

circus. Let's go around the black‘ Way. '1 ‘ﬁg

De=~1¢<;n Harper standin’ at the door of the scam‘

gazm this

have an attack of heart failure, which theysag

Dick chuckled and: followedllhis father am‘

But if the /old»

thought they would escape observation in _

Way, he was greatly mistake _ .. Half a dozen -of

1_'.he[oldest.1_nhab1tants of Pugwash  seat

ma bunch In _th_e sun atthe/back of the'.builaii:u'g

SW5PD111g»remm1scenes.‘ Everyone of themkne

each nth

d fsrmerhad so
' 19‘ W i

Price 8 Cents. Q 7

Dandy Dick, the Boss lloy Broker

012, HUSTLING Fok GOLD IN WALL STREET

Have you got to be 1;.

way; If he recognizes you, he miglg

 , old for active service.
" to the fact that when -Dick was fourteen he ran

‘ l_—Ii11’ch.» trouble got him to come home.

V " -wantto give up railroading, for he had just been
‘promoted to ﬁre a yard engine, and he declared
* that he wanted to become an engineer, assuring
"his father that what he didn’t already know about
. a locomotive wasn’t worth mentioning.

‘ , His father was obdurate and carried him back

= natural guardian.
".a;»week before he made thé acquaintance of three
:3 New York brokers who had come down to Pug-
wash to shoot in that neighborhood.
 the boy to take them around to the bestplaces

‘ wonder.
V hemlock!” burst from their ips.

them. They

DANDY DICK, TH’E BOSS ‘BOY BROKER .

;,'~chap" who nevertook to farming’ in spite of his
'_—',fat er’s wishes that he should learn the ropes

an carry on the place after he died or got too
They were no strangers

away from home and got a job on the Jersey
Central railroad as an engine wiper in the yards

at Jersey City, and that it was nearly a year

before "Father Havens located_ him, and after
Dick didn't

to the ’farm, which he had power to do as his
Dick wasn’t hcme more than
They got

for good sport. They remained a week, at the

3; ._end of which time Dick had switched off from
vrailroading to Wall Street.

_ _ One of the brokers
,took a .fancy to Dick, and ﬁnding that the boy
‘wanted to go to New York, he called on Farmer

. ’,Havens and offered to take Dick into his oﬂ’ce
 as messenger. '

3 The old man objected, but ﬁnally yielded when,
the broker told him he was standing in his son’s

li ht by trying to make a poor farmerof a lad
‘W 0 might turn out a smart ﬁnancier, and make
a big’ fortune. So Dick went to Wall Street and
"the improvement noticeable in him when he re-

 turned at theend of six months for a visit was
[such that the old man admitted his son had
1 chosen wisely in his selection of a future. '
"a year.,Dick honored the farm with his company,
 and the present was his seventh visit.

Heretofore he had simply given evidence of

“increasing prosperity and manliness, now he

looked as if he had suddenly become the president
of albig bank. At any rate, that was the im-

rpression his splendid appearance made on the

six loungers‘seated at the back of the station.

‘They recognized the boy the moment they laid

eyes on him, and their eyes fairly bulged with
A chorus of “By um!” and “Gosh ‘all

Dick knew them all and nodded pleasantly at
I were too astonished to return his"
salute. »' All they could do was to stare with open
mouths at him. What they said to each other as

I Farmer Havens and Dick climbed on to the seat

of the light wagon is not on record, but it may

I be‘ imagined.

4 “Git up!” chirruped the old man to the mare
alnd they started off down the road at a merry
c ip. ' V

- ' “Things look about the same around here, dad,”

‘ said Dick, viewing the familiar scene with a thrill

of: pleasure. . ~
' ,.‘fI ’spect they do,” repliedhis father.
I “Things don t change much in the country.”
,".I should hope they wouldn't.” 
“It’s different in the city.” ‘ _ _
"Ijreek'on,’,’, replied the 051 men dryly, thmking
“ astenishin alterationc Wall ' Street ha
' "’  . " ,~— V-' 7.7’ X‘ i

. Obadiah. '
T jrisrht soft’

"The metropolis‘ is improving all. the ti
groﬁving bigger and ﬁner every day.”

“Like the people who live there, I s’pos\e,’\"sa.icl ‘A

the old man, with a chuckle.

Dick looked at‘ his‘_father,' but the old ‘in
face was as solemn as an owl’s. . .. .

“Why don’t you come to the city, dad, and l
me show you around? I've asked you a hundred
times ‘in my letters to come, but it hasn't ‘
any good.” D ‘

“I’ve been on the p’int of comin’ more’n o ce,
but at the last minute my courage kind of gs ’
out,” replied the farmer. ' 
this ten year, and I reckon I’d like to see them.

. improvements I’ve read about in the papers

them new skyscrapers and sich like—but I dun
whether I kin reach the stickin’ p’int or 11,
Mother has been at me time and ag’in to lie‘
her to see you, for-she had an idea you nee id
her, but there always was somethin’ that_c_ 2‘;
up to prevent us goin’.” ’ ‘

_At that moment a buggy approached‘ with 
girls in it, one of them driving." Dick recogni
the one with the reins as Susie Jayne, with W};
he had once been on particularly friendly. term

“Good afternoon, Susie,” said Dick, lifting.
straw, politely.

The girl ﬂushed and stared, quite indignﬁnt at
the nerve of-oneshe took for a stranger addres
ing her in such a familiar way. It was cl ‘
did not recognize Dick, and he laughed. T e‘ i
cident hadn’t escaped the old man’s observation.

“There now, you see what you kin expect it
the gals,” he chuckled. “Susie Jayne, W
stand for no dude from York.” 

“She didn’t know ’me,” replied Dick.

“I’ll bet she knew you, son, but she's a sensi
gal and don’t approve of sich all-ﬁred style
you’ve got on." When your sisters see’ on

_prancin’ into the house lookin’ like a fash; ‘

plate, I'll be bound they'll give you Jesse}?
“Don’t you believe it, dad. They'll be so p
of.me that they’ll put on a lot of extra.’,f
tomorrow when we go to church.”
“Do you mean to go to meetin’
out?” .
“Why not?
me off.” , I ~
“Gosh! But you’ve got more nerve than I ev
had when I was young, and I reckon I wa
backward.” ‘ ' . -,
‘‘So I’ve heard mother say,” grinned DA
“She saidyou were a pretty slick propositi
but she had it on you all right.” 1. ’
“How did she?” asked the old man wi
den interest. - ~ " .
“She said you courted her three years ‘be’
you got up nerve enough to ask her to have ’
'‘‘She said’ that, did she?” chuckled theﬂfa ,
“Sure as ou live. She said she and you

in that 

You ought to be proud to

‘sitting in t e parlorpone Sunday night i

dark holding hands in a way that made her
you were going to pop, when you blurte 0
‘There's something in’the paper I wantto ﬁx
you, Mary; why can't we strike a match?“

“ ’Pears tome I don’t_ remember‘tha‘t,‘s013

“A11 the,same,.yo,u said itand, she-ptoo ‘
up quicker‘ than a ‘wink. , She said: -‘ '

The dominie. i in th

talking to father.- ;W_e’=1l

 DANb‘Y DICK, THE.

he .didn’t/ give. you a‘ chance to back out
_ ‘d wanted ,to,”. laughed Dick. . V. . -
s that so? Well, you jest get down. and
 the gate so I kin drive the mare into the"
Ve,,_son. _ You might as well make yourself use-

I as not if you are dressed up to kill.”
Dick sprang from his seat and opened the gate,

a

dthen the old man drove up to the ancient

_ouse where Dick saw his mother and two V

rlsgwaiting on the veranda to give him a
l welcome.

CHAPTER II.—Dick Gives'Evidence of
. Prosperity.

s bang-upiappearance did not produce the‘
ine direct on his. mother and sistersas it had,

father, though the girls did gasp ,a little«

 swell look. Mrs. Havens had eyes only
the well-remembered features of her stalwart
and his clothes were a secondary considera-
‘ After hugging andkissing him, she allowed
girls their innings, which they eagerly availed
fselves of. , ' _ _
w Well and fine you do look, Dick,” said
s" elder sister, Maude. . . .
bet you. The city agrees with me,” replied

,~ ‘ , Dad has been dinging
- 'n‘my car all the way from the station. pI.’m'
ly ‘well’? dressed, that’s all. No use of a chap
’ like a’ clown -when he can afford to sport
c othes. They’re the ﬁnest things to chuck a
_in I know o1f.’f - I’ .
iippose you’re hungry, Dick,l.’ said his
‘fWe’.ve held back dinner for you, so;

right into the dining-room.” ‘ i i V

always hungry for your cooking’, mother,” I

‘D ck,‘ ‘putting his arm\around her and lead-
‘ or inside. ‘ " '

. ﬁve made a peach pie especially for you,’l said

‘d I made is. jelly layer cake‘ such as you
s liked,” said Maude. _
hat..so?. .You girlsiare all right. Illl not
e you when I make my will,” laughed Dick.
r me, you“ talk as 1 if you were worth.
’ said»Nel.lie. ' ‘  1 ~_ .
orth money! Well, say, I’m.3ust rolling in

messenger boys make a lot of
st§11.vee’t?n1a511:ed g¥lIaud§.;”

T eyre uc y, ey 0. I _.
oumust be lucky, for you lﬁak as if.you
money." A T _. . ,
mustn't always Judge a book _by its

iii; in my case I’m the real goods, eighteen
ﬁne.” og-
ou, indeed?” laughed Maude.
’t you believe me?”. ’
course,
(I wit.li.a merry look. ~_ _ . * _
proof of the pudding is in the, eating of
e’s .evidence_ I am not g1‘V1nE’Y0\1. MIY
id Dick. pulled out his .wa_d... “I-Iow, much
,_ ave, Maude? Speak quick, or «youqnay.

money in,

I believe anything you say,” she ~

iioss BOY Asnoxtn ‘

T “Since you won’t name your ﬁgure, I’l1”do;
for you. Here’s $50 for each of you, and herés
$500 for you, mother.”
Dick skinned off several
them, thenwhe coolly returned the rest, to his

pocket. -

“Why, Dick, where did you get all that money?“ A‘ »

cried his mother.
“In Wall Street,~mother.”

- .- "You couldn’t have saved all that out of your 4

wages.”g , , _ . i 1 -T.
“I should saynot. This represents a part of.
the proﬁts of my last deal in Erie.’,'.« . T 1

“What do you mean by your deal in Erie?"-
I‘ bought 100 sharimil

asked Maude. _ ,

“I refer to Erie stotk. ,
ten days ago at 34 and Ian closed out Thursday
at 44 3-8, thereby clearing $10 a share proﬁt.” _.

“I don’t understand what you mean by 34 and
44 3-8,” said Maude. ‘ '

“I paid $34 a share for it and sold it at $44 3-8
a share. Now do you twig‘.”’i . ~ .'

“And you say you bought 100 shares?’ "

“Surest\thing‘ you know, sis.” ' I
. -“Where didvyou get the $3,400 to buy it with?" 1
said Maude, after making a quick mental calcula~

ion. .

“I didn’t n.eed,it. ‘ I bought it on marginfthat
is, I put. up $10 a share as security.” ‘ ’

“That would beA$1,000.”

~“Well, I’ve been worth $1,000, and more, these‘ I

four months back. I’m worth about $2,300 now’.
after giving you good people $600 for, pin money}?
,“Graciousl I». don’t see how you could make
so much money," said Maude. ., “Why, that's better‘.

thiiriiiwiniingi aiifamuih I d 1‘ Wf th '
a‘ epen s on e size an dcation o a
farm. I’ve heard of farms that -were worth 5

‘ lot of money, but vtliey’re not in this vicinityﬂ’. ,

The girls began to entertain an increased\re-
spect for their brother. He appeared to be on
the highlroad to fortune, and money talks enough
to beiheard all over the world. Dinner. passed
off in a jolly fashion, ‘for Dick had something
entertaining to say_ever,y minute._ , When'h'e‘liaﬂl
sampled both the pie and the cakemade in his
honor, and ﬁnished his second glass of milk, he
declared that‘ he was‘ satisﬁed to wait till 
time. for more. .He walked. out on the veranda,
taking his mother with him, and leaving the gir
to clean  x V’ .

Mrs; avens enjoyed a quiet half hour talk
with herboy, and then the girls joined them.

Fifteen minutes after: Dicksaid he was going '

around the farm to s_ee ho th old ‘1 1 k (1
He found his father and ‘the liired prxiaefii, yhids
name _was Jim Brady, in one of the ﬁelds working
hard in the hot sun.  ‘ - 
Brady stared at ‘the Wall Street boy some
moments before he recognized him. ~ ‘
:1-Iello, Jim; how's things?’ asked Dick. *
‘Gee whiz! But you’re the gay bird, Dick,”
said the hired man. “I’ll have to.cal1 you Dand
Dick after this.” .  ,,
“That’s what they call me in Wall Street.” ‘
“Do you mean that?” ’ . ‘  , ' «
“I do. I have the reputation of being ti
dressed messenger inthe Street." . V  ‘
s.:‘You_i

‘bins and distributed J

 «V S “Rather.
 "that than anything else I know of. A messenger
gets all the exercise he wants while on duty.”

,  "It" seems to agreewith you.
. than, you were when’ yogw-ere here last Christ-
 ’ ‘ ' "

it with you occasionally,\it is necesary to'call ‘
‘ down hard ‘enough to make him understand, what

"::make good money.
-in the shuffle and go up against the wall, but

' that is the excepti.m.’’

, Stfreet‘?
0 ‘public, in fact.

-S1‘.reet hoping to make easy money. Sometimes
they do, but more often they don’t. Lambs with_

‘S .. ‘ So Qlck!

‘  ‘r“_No; but they might do worse than to copy
«after me.” ‘

e  . “Ishould think it took a lot of money to dress

—' ‘the way you do,” said Brady.
' ‘swell wages.
. senger mysel

“You must get
I dunno but I’d like ‘to be a mes-

f‘)!

“You’re rather ancient for the job, Jim. ’ Still,

,,'if_yo_u took a clean shave every day, and used the
" bloom. of youth, you might pass in a pinch if

’you’re a good sprinter.” _
‘‘It’s a hustling job, is —-it?”
A fat boy can grow thin quicker at

You're stouter

“This is my ﬁghting weight. I can't get‘any

’ lower.”

'. “Do youever hayeiany scraps with the other

_ messengers?”

“Once in a while. When a fellow gets too gay

the limit is.” _ , ,
I “I suppose you mean to be a broker some day? ’

‘. “Bet _your_1ife—just as soon as I get capital’

eiionghe to. make a showing.”
—,“When will that be".”’ _

“I’m not a_ n1ind—rea‘der. Jim, or I'd tell you. plt
will be sooner or laten. but the sooner the better
it will suit me. The brokers are a Jolly lot, and
Sometimes they get caught

“Which do you intend to be—-a_bw:ill or a bear?”
"‘I rather prefer to bet on a rising market, so
I suppose I’ll be a bull; but there are times when

L] ,it’s a good thing to be a bear.”

“What’s them lambs I’ve heard about in Wall
Where do they come in?” »

’ ""‘Lambs are outside speculators——the general
They bring their ﬂeece to Wall

. lenty of wool are always welcomed by the bro-
hers. Every. trader keeps a sharp pair. of shears

«on handinvorder to relieve.:a.‘lamb of asanuch of .

.bis ﬂeece as possible, but he gives‘-him .a run‘ for

' his money." —

At that moment a‘handbel1 was heard ringing

iirtlie direction of the house. _

‘‘What’s that for?” asked Dick. ,

"I,gues)1 on are wanted,” said the hired man.
larted for the farmhouse.

oiiA%.°'.i.'aR III.-——'l"lie Scrap in the Office.

Dick had the time of his life during the nine
days he spent on the farm, and he returned to
‘New York looking as: brown as a berry. He

‘reached Wall Street and the office where he was "
' émployed at eleven o'clock on Monday morning,

with his suit-case and cane, and after depositing

f‘-uigm in a corner of the counting‘-room, he an-

nounced tolthe cashier that ~heVwas ready for
business. ' '

.

ntleman.

‘Haw did you ﬁnd things at ‘home, Dick‘.7”_

him ,

io1ace.’f reiilied- the young mes 

my i')ici<:,. THE ‘nose ..noY‘ BRQKER ' .

senger. “The farm hadn’t, movedian inc'hV.”V
’ “Ir dOI‘1"t imagine it had,” replied the "cash
drylvy. ,1 suppose your people —were gladt
Y°11- ' ,
h “Yes, they killed several fatted calves in
onor. i _ .
“You mean chickens, don’t you?” »
“Well, maybe they were chickens. _We'll
go at that.’ I had a bang-up time. Never;
Joyed myself better. There are a lot of g'i"_
down thecire and not anywhere enoughfellows...
g°«a:’.:*"...°:;;S::%.*:.ei:‘¥.. . .. .. »-
“ ’ _ p_p y e_ eﬁciency.
Thats right. I was in continuous d ,
anbd”1 tried to ﬁll the bill, but it was a strep 0
J0 . M . .
The entrance of a gentleman who wanted t
some bonds_put an end to the .conversation
Dick took his seat in the outer oﬂice. ..
llﬁe :tl_ic_lgi’t= have much to do that day and»,
g a o 1.
three the cashier told him he could go offysot
grabbed his cane andﬁsuit-case and took his 
uptown to his boarding—house on West T
ﬁfth Street near Broadway. Next morning
.pea_1-ed in Wall Street in -his usual busine
which was pretty’ tony, butnot quite so V

his best togs.

His employer, Frederick Curtis, dropped in"
mg the morningfroin: his summer.cotta.ge'

“his family were msticating, to see how .

were going, and he asked Dick if he ‘had e
himsef in Pugwasli. - ‘ « i .
“Yes, sir. _I had a ﬁne time. Wish I could
stayed longer,” he re lied.
“When "you getto e a broker’your"se1‘f

. day, you'll be able to take a long vacation,‘,’ ’

the trader. _ , - _

“I hope so.” "

Then Mr. Curtis handed him a not‘e,.an
him to take it to the Anchor Building. Di’
his hat and started. \When he reached -‘the 
of the broker to‘ whom the note was ‘ad Es‘
he found that gentleman engaged. ‘Asﬂh
not be disturbed, Dick sat down, near the’.
window to wait. He was not there over, ‘ ‘
ute before he heard a conversation that ‘W '

on in the.pr-irate’ room of ‘a ‘broker next. go

“You had 1-better ' get busy at 'on.ce,. Mason,"
buy up every share that you, can ﬁnd,” .
voice. “'Phe.price is_ ’way down now, beta,‘
road is under a cloud. "‘We’ve’ got a ha '
money behind us, sothat. we ought ‘:to_.ha
great trouble in securing a corner of the out
ing shares. Once we control the situation;
be able to run the ante upitwenty points .9." I

and ﬁerhaps thirty,” V

“I’ start right in, Mr. Brown. I know s
brokers who have blocks of it—Curtis;
stance, has 15,000 shares belonging to a bi
tomer which he oifered last week at the E5: ‘
but couldn’t ﬁnd a buyer at the ﬁgure he w

“What was he asking for it?” p p
“A point above the market, and the price)
chain (1 since.” ’ - v '

“Give it to him if he won‘t come down.

Broker Mason. then "enumerated other
who had some of the stock in quepstioiivfth
of which was not mentioned during’ th :
length the interview -termina-t_e,d_,~ and
later-Dick was toldhe could so ~
.l>r0l%£.m5’¢he note. is ' ‘ ' -

J

After he returned from the bank ﬁi

 some Dex;  Boss. msgtiae

“I would give something to find out the name of
t s'tock‘..which is going to be boomed,” thought
‘ on his way back to the office. “The only
I can ﬁnd out is to keep an eyeon Broker
on. It's 1ucky'I‘ know him by sight. If he
son Mr. Curtis and buys that block he spoke
out,, I ought to be able to get onto the name
it. "At any rate, I'll try hard to, forthis tip
toogood tobe wasted.” -
hortly after he got back to the office, Mr. Ma-
walked in and asked for,Broker Curtis.
, He's after that stock as sure as you live;”
ought Dick, as he showed‘ the visitor ‘his’ em-
0yer’s‘ private room. ' - *
.Wo minutes later Curtis rang for Dick.

young messenger went in and his .bess.said: .

As_k;Mr. .Joyce for that block of D; & N.
res which is in the big safe”. ' ,
es, sir,” replied Dick, leaving. the room. “D.

Y
N.,” he muttered, as ‘he went over. to the-

'er’s window, “that must be the name of the
k.-’ ‘I»’ll-try and makesure of it. Mr. Joyce,”

rsaid to the cashier, ‘‘you’ve got ablock of 15,- <

Oshares of D. & N. in the safe, haven’t you?"
es. What about it?" replied the cashier.
rI"Curtis wants the Mock.” ‘

;.‘,‘0h, very well. 2 Wait a moment.”

‘The cashier went to the safe, took out an ob-.

envelope. and looked fi1'!l30'it.‘ Thenhe handed
‘Dick ‘with the words: “There you,ar_e.’.’

e  carried the envelope to his boss‘-tand.

._‘. ‘In’ a few minutes.~Curtis.;rang'fori'hiin

with Mr. Mason to his bank and-bring hack-

tlryou a’ certiﬁed check he will hand you," said
‘efbroker. -

All right, sir,” replied Dick, noticing..that Ma-

_eld the envelope containing the-D. & Nystock

_ ishand. .

, ‘accompanied Broker Mason to the bank, got
' e ‘check and broughtit back. As Mr., Curtis
5 ’ 5 one to the Exchange, Dick handed the check
e»-cashier. Dick had plenty time to go to
that day around noon. Before going to the
urant he patronized, he dropped in at the
deposit vault where he kept his money and
out $2,000. » He took this money around to
banking and brokerage house in Nassau-
where he hadput through his former
, and asked the margin clerk to buy 200
esof D. & N. for his account at the market
' of 65. As the market was very dull then,
k~was surprised to receive_such alarge

om a messenger. »

, .
'1.

is-adeal of your own, Havens?” .l1’e‘,§S"k¢ﬂ]l. T

be t ﬁll, ‘t the order.
~§:1§’%nfo$‘anym:)ne else, old man. —Why did
as the question?” \ '
ught it was rather a ’large order for you
~’ your own account.” * ‘ ' "
«1e...;“Some day I’ll‘ paralyze; youwith 3
r‘ge*orlder if you're very good.” . ,. ’
ya tell -that pretty good.  Y0‘-1 V9’ 805 NW5
11 tosay ’most .anYth1I_TE- " ’ _ .
that's‘ my strong point.
' ‘,3. pretty‘ big ‘order
ngthe condition of "the »I_narket' : ;
 r- I .- 0 -  pg”;

‘ that's ‘a- mere ba3’ﬁt€“e.” $3id Di'°:1€y§Witl1 *

for you todilace =
H ’e

’ box of yours might get overcrowded with valuable. A‘:

information, and then there's no saying what
might happen to you.”
. “That’ll do, Havens.

. Here’s your memo. Take
it and skiddoo.’’ '

— Dicklaughed, took up the paper and". left the -'

bank. Then he went to lunch, satisﬁed ‘he was ,
going to make another haul out of the stock
market. When he got to the oﬂice the cashier was
out to lunch, so he walked into the counting-room

and found the clerks paying little attention to. ‘

business. He was on friendlyterms with two of g
them,~but the third, whose name was Martin Mer-

rick, did not regard the messenger with favor.‘ ‘

For various reasons he had ceased to notice Dick,

for some time back, but that fact didn’t worry"theV. 
boy a/whole lot, for he never cared much for:

Merrick anyway. The pretty stenographer, who.

was away, on her _two_ weeks’ vacation, was one‘ i H
of the causes of the rupture between them. Mer~~ ~

rick was soft on her, and that fact caused the .

other clerks to‘ guy him a good bit. They told, ,
him that he didn't-stand the ghost of a show with = “
her while Dick was about, and the young lady's - ‘
attitude toward the ‘head clerk seemed to -bear out, ’
As a matter of fact, she did’ '.

their statement.
not like Merrick a little _bit, and she did like Dick
Havens aygreat deal.
pear'ance~‘m the countingéroom Merrick, who was‘
in charge-in the absence of thecashier, was en-V
gaged .in.’matchmg nickels with one of the two

clerks» while the other was-looking on-. ' "
‘ “You peopleseem to‘be ‘having -‘an easy time of I , 2
1t,", laughed Dick, addressing his- remark to. the-' “

junior" clerk who was looking on.
Merrick, who hadbeen losing many nickels at
the game of match, and consequently was in bad

humor, turned upon him and said‘ in a sharp tone. 
“What business is it‘ of yours? You've no right g
Go back 

in here, anyway. - Your place is outside.
to your post and stay there till you're wanted."
“You’re not my boss, Mr. Merrick, so I'll thank

you tomind your own business,” retorted Dick. 3 _ ,
“‘VVhat’s that?” snapped. the chief clerk. “How ‘

dare you address me that way? I am in charge '
of this oﬂice when Mr. Joyce is out." , ‘
“Then you ought to ‘be better employed than
loafing your ‘time away at the matching business»
and keeping Taylor from his work.’’ ‘
Thatenraged Merrick, andihe picked up a small
account book from the desk at his elbow and
ﬂung it in Dick's face. ‘
caughtthe boy over the eye and drew blood. Dick ‘

. was ﬁghting mad in .a moment. Rushing at the ~
"head clerk Jdealt him a blow in the ‘aw that ’
_ staggered. mm. He didn’t -stop -at t tat,~ but

smashed Merrick in the eye with hisleft, and then
clinching with. him, the both went down‘ on. the
ﬂoor» in a heap. The—o er clerks-weresta ‘ red

. ‘by the. rapidity with which thescrap had‘ en

brought about, -and though" they knew that”:
head clerk had brought. it on himself andwhewas
not. at all J)0pL‘|,1a1‘,Wltl1 them,,while Dick was, ‘A
they ‘deeme it their duty to interfere. ' They lax

~ hold of the scram)? Young messenger, wh

was punching. Merrick left andright, andgpulled‘
him off his adversary. g » - A V -  

hem f‘I , hgveir "ha!

\
>\

When Dick made his ap~

The ‘edge of the book --

,. “Letjm_e'go,’~’.‘cried“the,angry- boy‘  ‘
‘w.it1,r,. ‘ “  ‘D

 ; ing. a great disturbance.
.— Curtis entered the office.

 . indignant. .
reception-room, smoothed out his rumpled clothes,

, — growled Dick.

e D Nor DICK,  Boss ‘B(5’iZ"",BROKERi

 whothad been-matching with Merrick. “Cut ‘it
t ’, Int Inow.” ‘ ‘ ’ ’

 The chief clerk, bleeding. from" the nose and

‘mouth, got on his feet. He was white with rage.

Grabbing a big ledger, he raised it in the air and
‘tried to bring it down on Dick’s head. This
' cowardly act was prevented by the junior clerk

’ releasing Dick's arm and pushing Merrick back.

" The, chief clerk then threw the ledger at the boy,
striking him in the chest and sending him stag-
gering backward, Dick, on recovering himself,
-made another dash at Merrick, and reached him

' in. spite of the two clerks. _ Merrick, to avoid be-

ing hit, clinched and they struggled around, mak-
At that moment Mr.
He was astonished on

hearin the racket in his. counting-room and

’ «hurrie in there to see what was the matter. He
Y  sa.w‘two of his clerks trying to separate the com-
 batants.

“What does this mean?” he demanded angrily.
, As he spoke, Dick wrested one of his arms away
rom Merrick and struck the clerk a stinging blow
11 his damaged nose, causing the blood to ﬂow
more freely than ever. _
The broker seized the boy and pulled him away
from Merrick, who looked like a wreck. .
H ,“What.is the meaning of this disgraceful con-

;" duct in my oiiice?’3 roared the trader again. “You
2 at least ought to know better, Merrick. As for»

you, Havens, I am surprised at you.”
..“,You needn’t be,” replied Dick, doggedly. ~f‘I’ve
stood all I’m going to from that lobster. Either

he gets out of the office or I will.”

GHAPTER IV.——A Thrilling Rescue:

‘ ’.iFor some reason the broker was not in a good
humor, and he considered Dick’s reply an insolent

_ one. V , .
“Put on your hat then, and get out. You can
» come’ around Saturday and get your wages. As

‘ .101: you, Merrick, I’ll see you in my room as soon

as ,you’ve made yourself presen.table.”.
Dick had an idea‘ that his discharge was‘ not
, warranted b the facts of the case, and was rather
¥Nithout a, word; he walked into the

lit on his hat and left the oﬂice. In the corridor
e met a,chum of his named B_ob A1‘Che1“.. ,. _
"Hello, Dandy Dick, back in harness again, I

I .see,’?. said Bob. “I su pose you had a great time

.,,at the farm. Struck. em‘- cold withthat new suit

1? yours and that cane which you insisted on _tak-
ou you were foolish.”
I’d stayed there,"

mg with you, though I told
* ’‘.‘Yes, I'm, back and I wish

..«,"What’s the matter with you? .You look out

' of ‘sorts.”

_ ‘,‘I guess you’d look the same way if you’d been

I ﬁked right off the.reel.’’ ,

“Fired! What do you mean?”
.‘,‘Wbnt I. said. Tm bounced.”
“Not from the ofIice'.”’ gasped Bob.
"", y , from the oﬂice.” , . _ ‘
“What for? What in thunder did you do 2”
had a scrap with our chief clerk.”

ér.’i‘iﬂ(‘Z”.

‘/

erricki ‘We hi/id=some"words andrthen

"threw a book“ in my face. I we_nt~:En,r‘ enough

him. with both fists and was giving  to-

good . when ._Taylor and Burns interfered‘

pulled me off. 'I‘_hen- Merrick icked up 211’

and threw it_ at me. I went or him. again,

we were having it hot and heavy whenthe bong

came in and caughtus at it. _He called me (love;

and when .I told. him that either Merrick or.‘

would have to quit, for I had stood his nonse,

as long as I was going to, he told me to pu

my hat and go, and I did.” . 5
“Gee! That’s tough.’’i * 
,“Oh, I don’t know. Pm not worrying.” 7 .
“You take it pretty easy.” I .
“Why not?” "‘

_ “I_think it a serious thing for you‘ to lose

Job Just when you were about to be promoted’ ’

the couiiting-room.”. =,   ,.
::Curtis isn’t the only broker in Wall Street

That's all right, but you’ve been with

three years and it looks bad for you to be din-I

charged for scrapping.” ’ ‘  . \
‘'Oh, I don’t care.” , o “
“You may have trouble in connecting wit - ,

other Job unless Curtis will give you reference.- '

“Ho! I'm not s_ure_ I want another job.’.’

“You aren’t thinking of going back, on
farm, are you?” c I

“Not ‘much.
ground.” _

Then you’ll have to look up another 5
soon as. the brokers come back from the:
cations.” ' »

Dick made no reply, and the elevator. (:0
down, they got aboard and were soon i‘
street. _ , ,
“I’m going down to the Mills Building,” Y ’
Bob. “Coming along?” ‘ .  '
“No. I’m going over to the Exchange,” re
Dick, and they separated. ' ' 

In the meantime Broker Curtis laid it into
tin Merrick for his ‘share in the oﬂice» scrap.
chief clerk put all the blame of the affair on -
representing himself as a much injured pe
and claiming that the messenger attacks ‘
without any real provocation. Curtis, W
begun to regret having discharged _'Dié
had about made up his mind to take‘ 11"
when he came for his wages on Satu
switched around and came to'~the conclusio
he had done right in bouncin the boy, than
could not but admitthat Dick had donegoo ‘
vice duringxgthe three years he had b"
office. , He -'called‘ his cashier in, . when
gentleman returned from lunch, and told
about the ﬁght in‘ the.co’unti1’lg-roo'm and
had discharged Dick in connection with
Joyce was sorry to hear of the boy's distth
for he liked him in common with everyb
the chief clerk -in the counting-room. — He .»

»

: tured to speak up for Dick, suggesting that.
was a first-class employee the broker .oug’h3t

overlook his offence. Mr. urtisﬁnall said;
consider it, which practically meant he’ take
back, and soon afterward he departe’d~for' th
side resort where his family was summeri *
went uptown about .half~past three, and»,
time had madeZ_up hisrnind that he ._didn’t
another job if’ his deal in D. & vN.,‘wen th
all ‘right. " . ‘ 5 .
.,“I'ou _t to:make’a couple of-thou;
~lu-ck}-un_s’ my‘ a ” ‘

Wall Street is my stamping?‘

 A I do, Pllhire an office somewhere in)Wall
Eﬁtreet and open up as a broker on my own ac-
, nt; Nothing like having good cheek—-it helps
on y a fellow through the world. Ii suppose my
people would have a ﬁt if they heard I had lost
' 31 position. Well, I sha’n’t let them hear -about
for awhile, at any rate. What they don’t know
on’t trouble them.” .
puring the rest of the week Dick hung around

e'Exchange galleryor the waiting-room at the ~

, ttle bank. The market continued as dull as’ a
Jlumg of lead, and there wasn*t enough excitement

e board room to keep the traders interested-

he inai-ket~—that is, those traders who dropped

to the city daily ‘or at shorter. intervals to see
 thingswere coming on. .Dick_ saw Broker
son on‘ the ‘ﬂoor quite, often on Friday and
atigirday Iiiorning, and he seemed to be about the
y trader who was doing anything to sgeak of.
’1’ho'boyI’judgedIthat he was now _ﬁnishiii is task
gathering. in D. & . shares,‘ and t at some-

C rig ought to be doing in the stock soon. At‘

f-past. twelve he called up at Mr. Curtis’ oﬂice
I is week’s wages... -

ow do you do, Mr. Joyce.» I came up for my I

al wages. You know, of course, that I was ﬁred
crappiiig with Mr. Merrick.” -

Yes, Mr. Curtis told me all about it. He has '

hanged his mind, however, and left word for
M“ totell you to come to work Monday morning
,;lLﬁ'sIusiial.” — ' '

Thanks, but I guess -I won’t come,” replied‘

, kyaccepting his money. ,
“ ou won’t_gome! Why not?” i
‘told Mr. Curtis that either Merrick or I
mild have to quit; As that lobster is still on
 _‘job,. I have no wish to come back. " In fact, I
‘t1o1i’t~care to come back, anyway. I have done

ight thing’ by Mr. Curtis since I came to work .

» or him and I think he was hasty in. bouncing me.
Iught to have investigated _the cause of ‘the

. J ap and found out all the facts beore. he ,i1.Iimped
‘ ml so-iquickg I,didn’t start the fi ht. Merrick
‘tiny throwing an account boo in my face,

rpwe had come to blows andwere separated

wash”: satisﬁed, but he tried to smash me »-one

lheadwith a big. ledger, which sliowsv whata
'  lS_; _
1 ,1n?hitting me in the chest with it while
" or was holding me back. -fhen I. sailed in

, and would‘ have‘ done him up if the boss

, come in and stopped the racket.’7
ome around on Monday and when Mr. Curtis
, in‘, you can explain your side of the story to
* He'll listen to you.” ‘ V
~ shook his head.
’*ve been ﬁred and I’m going to stay ﬁred,”

.

omoted‘ to the counting‘-ro_on,i on the first of
. ‘er. Mr. Curtis may have acted hastily-—‘peo——
I be apt to do that once in awhile——but you
n’t, td feel sore over it when he has switched
d and given instructions ‘forxyou to go to
again,” said the’ cashier. I ‘
ll hink it over. If I conclude to go to Work
,, I-‘ll report as usual Monday. Otherwise I
”'re11{)lied Dick, who really didn’t
I bac , ,
_going; it alone. ,_. , g ..
tor y l1—0npMond£gy,” smiled Mr.

Burns stopped him, but he sue-‘

tilt act t'oolish,_,Havens. You're going to ‘be -I

as he ﬁgurreld he cou—1d"'do ~

‘Joyce, -who was of theopinion that Dick. wouldn

be“su-ch -a fooluas to throw up a good position.
Good-by till I see you again,” replied the
bgiy, walking out as jauntily as if he owned the
o ce. e l . .
'_While Waiting for the elevator a very prett.
girl came out of a_ nearby office where she was
employed temporarily as an extra stenograp '
She was neatly butinexpensively dressed, Isho.

.ing in many ways that her circumstances were not

over prosperous. She glanced at Dick and then
stood modestly back. He was much attracted
her face, which possessed a sweetnessthat charm.
ed him more than her good looks., He mentally

C sized her up as a ﬁne girl, and wished he was

acquainted with her. 'When the elevator‘stopped
at the floor he waited for her to get in ﬁrstantl
then followed. Reaching the street she went to‘
ward Broadway, and as he was bound the same
way he trailed on behind her, admiring her grae

ful poise and walk; Broadway was crowded with.

people, the majority of them clerks and bushiesé
I men on theirway home, for most of theloﬂicfes

down that way closed around one o'clock. ‘T
girl started across the street, not “noticing that
an American Express wagonI wasclose at hand

»'dz'1shin‘g down on her. The driver shouted when
he saw her and tried to rein in his horses. ’Tﬁe
I girl screamed and seemed too dazed to make an ,

effort to save herself. She would certainly ha

been" run downjbut for Dick's courage and pres-

ence of mind, and the fact that he was close ‘be-L
hind her. ‘He sprang forward, seized her’ in ’ ‘
arms,‘and Just succeeded in dodging the bigte

by an eyelash. It was a thrilling rescue and is

mighty close shave for both. _

‘CHAPTER V.-C‘,-A Baring Theft.

As .usua1,’a crowd gathered about the central
figures in‘ the exciting incident. ’ ’

“Let me leadyou across the street, miss,” said ~

Dick politely, as he released her and took hergby

the arm. , »

“Thank you,’.’ , she ﬂuttered, trembling and
frightened by her narrow ‘escape. * I ~ :
He.got her safely across to the walk in f n

I of Trinitychurch. I 
-“You want to brace up, miss," he said. 

know you hada. narrow squeak, but amiss is
good as a mile in the long run.”

..;;iii.:;r.§*:*r%! ‘ii 432* sV‘iti"~2’II
. ver, sesai wi Ia-coca,
I thrilled the boy not a little. ’ I
brave to risk ‘yourself for me.”

“You were very

“Not at all.

t ” I am glad to have been of service
0 you. ~ ' I 

‘ “Thank you. I appreciate your kindness very
J much.". i I ~ I ~ -

“You? are welcome. Shall I see you to fa c

A or can you get on, without further assistance?”

She hesitated and ﬁnally said she was going to

I takea Sixth Avenue elevated train and she won!’

be grateful if he saw her to thestation.

“I will do so with pleasure," he answere
they turned down toward the ’Empire 33
the groundiﬂoor of which’ was a thorou h

boil? tlgﬁ S'i39th4andINii1th Avenue magis

me , hey reach€¢1I the  

 :vihich he boarded.
" Curtis’ oﬂice I might be able to see her often as
‘Elie appears to be employed on that ﬂoor of the

I

- station Dick had made himself so agreeable to her

‘tit-bit she’oﬂ'ered no objection to his takingva seat
In the car beside her. He went as far as Forty-
econd Street with her and then bade her good-by.
“I must try to get better acquainted with her,
for she’s the nicest girl I ever met,” he said to
himself as he walked down to the cross street on
“If I hadn’t got out of Mr.

building. However, I guess I’ll manage to see
heronce in awhile, for I'll make it a point to et

:.around there occasionally about the time s e
ygoes home.” ,

Dick didn’t return to Mr. Curtis’ office Monday

rning, and so the cashier had to send out the
essages he had by Burns, the junior clerk. ‘The
iv himself spent the morning at the Stock Ex-

‘ gallery, and the afternon at the little bank ‘

an
oﬁgiN§:sau Street. The market continued quiet, but
D. & N. was up to 66 5-8. Broker Curtis appeared

his oﬂice Tuesday morning and was not pleased.

‘learn that Dick hadfailed to accept reinstate-

._men.t. _He sent a letter by mail to his late. mes-

seng_er’s boarding-house asking him whether he
Intended to return or not. Dick got it by the‘ last
mail‘ that night and returned -word that Mr.
‘urtis was at liberty to get another messenger,
as‘ hehad decided not. to come back. Next day

_1'D'.'. &» N. took a. jump to 68, and began to attract

some attention from the brokers. The advance in
’D,.»'& N. had a stimulating effect on the market
nerally, and prices stiifened some. D. & _N.
opped to 67 next day, but on Friday went to 69.
1I)=uring the short session on Saturday, it reg-

«istered at, 70 3-8, and Dick ﬁgured that he was’

000 better off in prospect than before he went
— to .the deal. After the Exchange closed he
’went around to the oiﬁce building where he had
drked and hung about the main entrance waiting
or Miss Ethel Gray, the young lady he ' had
‘la'ved_ from being run over, to appear. She came
down in the elevator with Burns and Taylor. They
_ lﬁittonholed him, ‘so all he could do was to lift his
hat to her and receive an encouraging smile in
return. —
* ' “What’s the matter with you, Havens, why
»;d.idn,’t you come back?” asked Burns.
* “Because I can do better by staying away,” re-
"plied Dick. ‘ -
(SHOW?!) .
‘iMaybe you’ll find out lateron.
mg anything at present.” up
“Have you connected with another job?”
“No.1! . ’
“Then how are you making out better?”
"‘_'|‘hat’s a business secret.” I
_ "i-ay, did you tell Josgce the particulars of that
scrap you-had with Merrick?” ~'
“I did, when I was in last Saturday after my

a .” -
’ ‘¥He told Mr. oﬁus, then for the boss called
'_-Taylor and me inside and asked us for our version
inf the racket. Then he asked. us a number of
questions. Later on he had Merrick on the grill
gain, and'it’s our opinion that the chief clerk has
been told to look around for another job. At any
atej,.he doesn’t standivery well with the boss, and
' stlotpped talking to us. I for one won’t be
 he goes. Miss Stickngi wil1,be back
nuday from her. vacation, and e’ll be awfully

I'm not’ say-\

" take a whole week to transact?”

sorry to hear that you are out of the oﬂice. 

I and She Were great friends.”

“Merrick never liked to see you two talki " ' ‘V
gether,’-’ laughed Taylor. “I guess that waif 13).
real.cause why he was down on you.” 7

Dick wasn’t interested in discussing the c
clerk, and seeing his friend Bob coming out of ‘
of the elevators, he excused himself and ‘joi

, Archer. . . _ I ’
What have you been doing with yourself,tIii_g‘,

week, Dand D‘ k?” k d B b. “ ‘ ‘
you once.” y 1c as e 0 I haven’; Se?“

Di‘c‘1I:eeping tab on my private business,”

“What do. you mean by that?”
“Just what I said.” ‘ ‘
“What private business have you that would
“I di<'ln’t.'sa that I ’was‘ transacting-gai:yj'
ness._ I said ‘was keeping tab on matters
concerned me only.” - ,.
joglgo you mean you were hunting for ano
“No. I’m not looking for another job.7” ' I
“Whatweref o d‘ ' ‘,7. " ‘
tell a fellow.” y‘u omg’ anyway You 
.. “Well if you want t k‘ 1 ’ 
you. I was watching thoe'1:a)1Yl'iet‘.e’a bad’ In-ten
"Just to amuse Yourself ?”  "
:N0; because I'm interested in it.”‘
In what way?"..
« "I'm in on a deal.”
“Is that so? What's the stock?"
ﬁg. & N.” , . ' p
‘ owcam‘ ‘t 't tht?I ‘ 
_ ‘ 1 c 1r w ispered to me last‘ week 
it was slated to_boom_ ten or ﬁfteen points, so
Put my boodle into it on margin and now I
ahead of the game.” . ) 

“You’re a lucky boy. You are likely to make‘
a few week’s wages, out of it.” A '
“Yes, I expect so,” replied Dick, carelessly.

Although he and Bob had been chums ‘in a viva’
for two years, he didn’t consider that it was
necessary for him to conﬁde all his businessfsé
crets to his friend. . ’ ' f

Bob wasn’t aware that Dick was worth nearl
$3,000 when he went to visit his folks on the farrn

In fact, he would hardly have believed that ‘Dial:
was worth a tenth of that amount. »  ‘-

The two boys had been walking up Wall Stre
during the foregoing conversation. - _

They saw a good-looking lad coming down t
steps of the sub-treasury building with.a large
leather money pouch under his arm. I 

A small automobile with two men in it was-
standing at the curb. , ' g

One of the men stepped out of the auto, walks
up to the boy and threw something in his :f ’
then snatched away his pouch, and dashed b
to the auto. . « . ,

It was a most daring robbery, committed in
face of a_ throng of ‘pedestrians and took the
lookers, including Dick and Bob, by surprise.-

The robbed boyuttered shrill cries of pain; ’
fell to the sidewalk, where herolled about li "
person in the last agonies of death. ‘ ‘

“Gee whiz!“ gasped Bob Archer, staggere
the nervy theft. . J V I -

D1ck,bhowever, with great presenceyfof

 DANDY DICK, THE BOSS BOY BROKER

 forward and: seized the thief by the arm
as he was stepping into the vehicle. . ‘
‘Hold on, you rascal!” he cried. “Give up that

13% c ” »
* he crook turned upon him with an impreca-

on, and tried to down him with a blow, at the .

‘e time tossing the pouch into the auto.

_.Dick dodged his ﬁst and gave him a terrible
nch in the stomach that sent him staggering
thetgidewalk, when he was seized by several
eta rs.

The driver of the, auto, seeing that his com- .

n was nabbed, turned e power on and the
chine moved rapidly over toward Broad Street.
e moment it started toleave the curb Dick
.a jump for it, caught the_ top of the back
J; V and swung himself over with the agility of
~'r monkey. ' _ _ . ' .
The driver was unawareof his circus act. as it
‘all his attention to avoid the pedestrians

11;; across from the Mor n Bank corner.
' he got throug he started down

,-,., » "cad Street at a fast clip. ‘

5‘ Dick picked up the stolen pouch, which seemed
’bs,full of something that the boy judged to be

_ Y
D’ Dick's intention was to leap from the machine

thus deprive the rascal of his booty, but on-

”nd_ thought he’ decided that it washis duty
ture the man while the chance was his and
End him over to justice. ' - ~
It was ‘a rather ticklish thing to do, as he
i the moment he tackled the chauffeur ac-
plice, the machine was’ sure to run wild,_ and a
hup was likely to happen, not speaking of
p grave chances of running down one or more
estrians. _ _ ,
H t that moment a bevyyof girls ran across op-
» to. Exchange Place.
ey saw the auto_ bearing down on_them, and
up a chorus of screams.
The chauffeur slackened speed and turned to

them. \
Biol; thought this was his chance.
fﬁledropped the pouch on the back seat, smashed
’ chauffeur a stunning blow on the head under
car, which sent him forward over the steer-
apparatus. ' . p
on a ringing into the seat beside him, the
, o ''e power. ’ '
-9 chauﬂ-'eur recovered from the shock of the
and turned upon his assailant.

.321! doing so, he accidentally swerved the machine )

he man was pitched out of the auto and landed

{the walk, rolling over insensible. _, _ . _
iﬁick narrowly missed the same fate, landing‘ in
 ' ' cross ‘the forward part of the machine the
of which continued to revolve for several

ants in a futile effort to force its waykthroughi

‘building.

- _ _ , _
 VI.-«Dick. Wins Big, Money.

ﬂy, a scene of great oexcitement ensued.
auﬁeur wg picked up by willm hﬁnds,

persons, stepped forward to pass st,

He picked himself up, got back on the seat and“ 

backed the auto on to the street. ’
Then he stood up and shouted: ‘

“The man is a crook. Don't let him escapelii .
HIS words created more excitement, and’ he ‘

was besieged with questions. ' .

He saw a policeman hurriedly approaching this”
scene where a big crowd had by this time col *

lected. v r 3
He called to him to come up to the machine.

"When he did so, Dick hurriedly told him allrthe :
I - .
the“ .

circumstances of the case.
The policeman decided to take Dick and
senseless man to the station in the machine, and

got a bystander to help him put the chauffeur‘
> into the back seat. - " ’ ;_-
While they were doing» this, Dick took posses-/>'

sion of the pouch. . .

At that moment a detective came running down

toward them.

He had got holdof -the facts of the theft in,-
front of the sub-treasury building, and while a.
policeman took the thief Dick had caused to be’
captured to the station. he had chased after the.’
auto which carried off the boy, the accomplice and _

the booty. - .. '
When he saw the crowd ahead he judged that
the auto had been stormed. ’

‘As Dick, at ‘the poli'ceman’s orders, started  

machine up the street, the detective came up and
hailed them» ,_
He jumped in behind where the unconscious

chauffeur lay, and then began asking questions. ,

On their way to Wall Street Dick put himin
possession of the additional facts, explaininghow
he had effected the capture of the rascal and re«
covered the stolen pouch. A

The detective, who had heard how he had
stopped the thief now in custody from boarding _'
the machine and thus caused his capture, com- ’
plimented the boy on his pluck and effective con- .,

duct,” and tool: charge of the pouch.

In due time they reached the police station, 
»which time the chauffeur accomplice had rel

covered his senses.

He was marched inside and charged with being .:
an accessory to the theft. -  .»

After his pedigree was taken he was locked up.»
.while Dick was allowed to_ go after giving his
name and address, and promising to appear at the ,

police court in the morning.

The incident was published at length in  if

afternoon papers, Dick receiving credit for cip-

wh' h contained the sum of $50,000,

turing both of the crooks and saving the pouch ‘

T e messenger from whom it was taken, was in g

the hospital, suffering from- cinnamon dust which

the thief hadthrown in his face andeyes to. con-’
fuse him and make the theft of the bag easy._ ,. p

Several ‘reporters from the «morning dailies
called on Dick at his’ boarding-house to interview

him for additional facts, and the story appeared .

in ‘all the Sundaymornin,-;_r papers. ' _
From the papers Di-ck found out-that the money

belonged to the Manhattan National Bank, and ’

consisted of bundles of $1 and $2 bills, all:-~new‘.
Everybody! in the-» bdarding-house had.
reader been told about the affairﬂa d-

wasethe. hero of’ it, he suddenly pf‘
. , of A .  nf. . E.

 .. "7 

';tional.” ' ’ _
 "‘.Well. what of it?’.’ replied Dick. .

- ii

I reached 82, ‘Mason quit fora. while.

. DANDY »Dic~K, THE

 He was, questioned and . complimented on " all
sides, and ﬁnally had to run away from his-many

, admirers to ‘escape their well-meant attentions.
eleven o’clock he was at the Tombs Police '

,Court.‘ > V ‘
'7 The“two crooks
;_:_uilt,'V-1, ‘

. .._I)1'ck was the ﬁrst witness called against them,

I

and he told his story straight‘ to the noint.

_ Othe’rwitnesses who had seen ‘the theft of the

h The c..ashier ofihe bank testified to the value of

"the, contents of the bag, and identiﬁed the pouch.

' The magistrate, held the prisoners for the action
of the Grand Jury under heavy bonds. ,
After the case was decided, the cashier of the

.bank thanked Dick for the part he had .Dla.Ved in
«the affair, and assured him the bank would re-
._ward him suitably for saving the pouch and its
- contents. ' e

 ‘On Monday morning Dick was down in Wall

v . Street as usual andwas heading for the gallery

entrance to the Evchange when he was seen by a

' , messemrer aconaintance.

 i“Hello,' Dandy Dick,” said the boy, whose name
{was Will Jones. “I see you’ve been making a hero

,of yourself. canturing a counie of crooks and

fsavintc a» pile of money for the Manhattan Nag

~ “Whv. you’re lucky. that’s all. You’re bound‘ to

iK‘,e‘et_a thousand dollars from the bank for saving

their monev.”

‘ “I sha’n’t refuse itiif it is oﬁ'ered_ to me.”

were arraigned and pleaded not -

i p,1_1ch in front of the.sub—treasury were present‘
‘and testified. - '

isoss Bork‘-‘Bantam;

see if it does.”

he said.

again,” though
‘little. bank to put “in his order..

there he saw by the blackboard tha
,up to 87.

.margin clcrk’s window.

, _“I.g1zess I’d better sell‘ out‘ before it gioe"

t Dick. ' - ' —

so he left the Exchange and. went .~up.to"‘{:

When" hefg, _

t‘D'.  N;

“I’ll bet it’ll goto 90," he said. , "I'll wait
Twenty minuteslater it reached 9.0. - » '
“That's good enough for me. I won’titake'5a

more chances," he said, making a break for!

“You can sell in

y. D. & N. ‘shares, Mr; Pra ,

“A_ll right, Havens. ‘You hit it right when.
got 1n on that stock. Here, sign this order, a.
then I’ll telephone it to the Exchange.”‘v _. .

Dick aﬁixed his signature to the paper a’
walked over to his seat again. In a few minu
a sale of D. & N. at 90 3-8 came ‘out on’ 
board, and the boy wondered how much, lrxigheit
the price would go. It went to 93 and then did

. ped back to 89, closing at that ﬁgure." Next,
‘Dick got a settlement with the bank and .fo

‘ "I should say not. I wish I were in your shoes. .

‘A thousand dollars isla bitr lot of money, and I’d
li'l{e"ro own it. I’d m'—1ke"things,hum if I did.” g

 “You mean you’d blow some of it in having a
good time ?” ’ *
~ “You can bet your boots I
most of it.”

'would; but ‘I’d save

“Well, you’d better run alone‘ now, for I see

you have a message to deliverf’ , ~ .
’ Will Jones too}: thewhint. ‘said "good-'by” and
‘passed on his way, leaving" Dick to enter the Ex-
chan e building. -
Sewﬁei-al sales of D. & N. were made at _a frac-
“tional advance over Saturday’s closing price, but
the crowd around the road’s pole was not large. _
About eleven Broker Mason came on the ﬂoo
a d began to. bid D. & N. up. 
.nA'rush was made for him, and for a short time
he was busy taking in a few thousand shares at
an advance. ‘ ’
 The supnly then gave out and he raised the
res rapidly to 80, amid, great lexcitemtintl. th
" ick was tickled to death as e watc e, e
 go 1113, for ‘every point rise meant a proﬁt of
.$_ or m in 'perspec 1ve.«
f_ Already he was $3,000 to the good, and it looked
s if there was nothing to prevent the stock
going —to‘90 in a short time. After the price
[ovement was developed against D. &. N. and it
Wasforced down to 75. , I _ ‘ i
hile _ this was on,‘ Dick lost, $1,400 of his
ts andyhe gotta bit uneasy. over the ultimate

as he had calculated, that he had cleared $5,

on the deal.which made him worth $7,300.  _ _
“I can afford to open an office‘ n'ow,’I go

he said. “At any rate, I’m going"1:o see will

cando in that line.” I ' m
So he‘ started out to find 6 vacant room ,

of the big office buildings on Wall ‘Street.

CHAPTER ‘VII.—Dandy Dick Beco_nnés.a"B,ro

He spent a couple of hours that afternoon
ing for an ofﬁce,. but didn’t ﬁnd. a vacant‘
‘any ‘building he visited, at least, not low e
down to suit him. « - ‘- .
On returning to his boarding-house,.he,f£
a letter bearing the corner imprint of the’ * ,
hattan National Bank. Openingit, awnoiie -'
a check dropped out. The check was for $5,:
and was made outto his order. The note read

"RICHARD Hnvr-ms, Dear Si:-—'-In acco

T with the instructions of the president of thi

Then a *

L t,twe5lve'Masom1Lt09k hold gain“ I

I \.

I forward you a check. for $5,000 as an evide
of the appreciation in which your valuable,
vices of last Saturday is held by the bank. -
* “Yours very truly, "
“DAVID PARKS,

“Whewl” muttered Dick. “Five thousand
lars! I -didn't expect more than $ O0,xor $
at the outside. .. I'm ‘a lucky bird oinfair
worth over $12,000 now. I guess I didn't‘
anything by throwing up my job with Mr.
I’ll bet he’d stare if he knew I was was
much. And what would dad, andmothér, an"
girls say? The news .t_h’at I was growi ,

ast would be all over the village in
and the next time I went down on. a» vis‘
body would take their hats oﬁ’ to me, w
girls would be setting traps to ‘catchqne,
only Tone girl in the world who stands a
me, and that is -Ethel Gray ;-but whether»
any. show with her is a qnesti_on.’.’ ’
‘ Di acashed his check at the

3 said. the . eyvwil the

Céshie

$1

W

was‘ 2

 I pimsynicx; 
’ sitpbox. v'I“hen he started out again office

ing- A . A. . .
f«He,llo,'Dandy Dick, where are you bound for?"
 Bgb Aréiher, riiﬁeting his chum; at the en-
  
‘ _’What’s on the hooks?”
‘.‘I’m looking for an oﬂice.” l
' ‘Who’s office?”
‘ A vacant one, stupid.”
' !l:
, .

me now,‘ that’s giving it to me

ywhere in the street?”
‘Yes. A-
r. The man ‘got out yesterday because he
ldn’t pay the rent, so the janitor told me. It's
. 542. Better hire it, then you'll be on the
» e ﬁoor with your old boss," grinned Bob, who
n’t believe that Dick was looking for an oﬂice.
Thanks, old man,'for the tip. I’ll go right up
e’ and take it"if somebody else hasn’t snapped
, already.” » '
ell, so long, Dandy Dick. When you get
oﬂice let me know, and I’ll drop in and see

e street.

where he had 

upethe janitor.
, Mike, Iylielar yo‘iii~have an office on. the
i‘t.§.9::.:°‘i:2::».  2    
“What's the size of it-and what’s the -rent?”
The janitor told him. I ~
' ' ‘ on with a tenant.”
%7 Sind him along.”
“Iwa‘nt it for myself.”
onrsilfpis it?‘ Faith; it’s foolin’ yez are.”
ifey’ talks,” said Dick, pulling out a wad

, . . Ain’t ye

No», I’ve left him. I'm going to start in busi-

-for myself.”
gne‘ _
okerage_.” _

,  it’s Jokin’ yez are.” I ~

est a bitaof it, Mike. I want that oﬁice, and

ready to put up a depositfright now.” a * ‘

e now? And what business are‘ ez gain’

, ‘ , ' j 7)
Dick calledon the agent,» but found some
- ble convincing that gentleman that he was 2

ita led enant.
gnzt-Te~out the -rent to the iii-st of Maye-
~’s: dboutl eight months-—and I’ll deposit it‘ with
«cashier of the Manhattan National subgect to
" rder froinmonth to month. How will that
, Q!’ _

agent decidedto take him up,» so [Dick paid
‘*$100‘” deposit, and went away promising to
ater to sign the‘ lease and hand the agent
ce from the bank’s cashier that the money
n special deposit subject to call. That after-
Bick got possession, and then proceeded to

place up, whichitookia-couple of days‘ more.‘ ‘

‘ last thing hedidwas to get a sign painter
h‘_s name, on thefrosted glass pane of the
oiio ed by  words ‘fstocks and .BOI1‘d§.'”.

‘ Iatingthe’ ' they tsa__

.. ‘Do you know of any vacant oﬂice

There's one right on our ﬂoor in the .

and see the agent, thin. If he'lets ye have

Boss ‘Ber Banana 

faction, he locked up. and started for home. When‘.

he reached‘ the elevators he 'found»Ethel Gray‘.

waiting to go down. She smiled
him, and held: out her hand. -

“Glad to\see
isn’t it?”

when she saw,

, “Lovely,” she replied. “I see thatjyou distin- I

guislied yourself shortly after I saw you last.
Saturday.” , ‘
“Oh, you mean about the crooks and

right moment. I saved the bank $50,000.”

“So, the papers said. You are certainly a re-’ I

markable boy.”

oflice?” ‘
“Where you are employed?” ’
“No. My own individual oﬂice, where I expect
to do business for myself.” " ~
L Ethel looked surprised,’ but she permitted him
to lead her around to, the door on which his: name
and business had just been painted. He unlocked
the door and invited her ‘inside. I
“You have a nice oﬂice ” she said,
really a broker?” ’ “ . ,
,“In name only as yet, but I hope to make 3
good showing in the course of time. There has
to be a beginning‘ to everything, and I'm stai-ti‘ng,
right at the foot of the ladder. I see no reason
why I shouldn’t catch on after_a while." i i
— “I'm sure you will,” she replied, with a smile. a
“Thank you, Miss Gray. It is very kind of you
*°«?.*;,c§“*r%1a*°:;’..llc. .1 l
y s ou 11 ee intereste in our success
when I probably owe my life to-your bravery and
presence of mind?” ' ’

“I don’t. see that.I did anything more than 

duty when I saw the peril you were in. But we 7
I have the ,

won’t say anything about that. Ma

pleasure of seeing you as far as V

Street on the cars?” ‘ Iv .
“Of course, if you wish to.” ,
f He locked up and they wentoff together. '

orty-second

Dick found a letter from his mother ‘beside his ,

.plate when he went to dinner that night, and
there were also short enclosures from each of his
, sisters. I-Ie'was.glad tohear the latest news may
Pugwash‘ and vicinity, and he spent the evening’

iansweﬁng the letters, but. he made no mention "
' about thechange, which had“taken' place in_hi,s ,

tlﬂalli -Street affairs. When thectime came he
meant to astonish his family with the news that
he was no longer a mesenger boy, but a ‘full;
ﬂedged broker._ = . ; .

Next day being Saturday, there was only a
short session’.at the Exchange, which closed ,2;
noon. _After reading the Wall Street dailyﬂhe
subscribed for and studying the market r or‘L', he
went up to the little bank andsat there

Burns on upper Broadway nearvthe Thirty
‘_Street station. Theywere strolling along taking‘
in the-sights.’ I l ‘ ' ’  3
“Glad to see
anything yet?”

”pii'ed-"D,’ck:. . 
“Youai-evin in;

room 542. ‘ Drop in and see me" some tim ,”"res

you‘, Miss Gray. Fine afternoon,

_ the auto?‘ I
It Just happened to be my luck to butt in atthe‘ ‘

“Oh, I don't know. By the way, would you like’. M
to step around into the next corridor and see my ~' 5

“So you are 7

you, Havens,” said Burns. “Doing '

“Sure thing. I’m in business on your/ﬂoor-—+*i

   [,

nmnr *i)ibK, THEH Boss Boy ‘BROKER

; v APTER _VlII.—Di‘ck Pipes Off a Skin Game.

Monday noon found. Dick hovering around but-

ide of the Exchange. _

Martin. Merrickwas there, too, standing on the
is egg ‘on’ the lookout for his friend with the
' 000. , .'

he youpg man appeared a minute or two after
re hour and Merrick pounced down on him like

‘bird of prey. - _

"Dick edged up near them in a careless way. _

.1‘Did you bring the money?” he heard Merrick

Yes. Here it is,” and the young fellow passed
-ex-chief clerk a roll of bills. _ _
Merrick didn’t attempt to count it, but thrust it

h‘ k t. ' . .
E?Yoif (€’l2lcX‘l'l? come a moment too soon. B.  .0. is
i fast, ’but I'll get the shares before it goes
is,-her. ’ A .
As Dick had come out of the Exchange andhad
i: noticed any upward movement in that stock,
was rather surprised to hear Merrick’s state-
 ant.
-It aroused his suspicion that the clerk hadsome
e 0§{eet‘you this evening _at the. Criterion and

, know how things are coming-, on,” said. A»

‘g-ht 1'11 he there,” replied the _young
,_ I.’i_n much obliged to you for putting me
“the” way of. -making so.muoh'm0DBY'-” 7 _ >
'*i)on?t mention it, Hill. Gladto oblige a friend,
1;. know. .Now you run along, as I am in a
11-y,,”'and Merrick turned around and ran into
‘xcliange entraiicef _ _ ‘
-*«'D.ick~foll'ovgred him inside, wondering_if he_ really
as-going to meet some broker to give him the

dc: for B. & O. shares, but having his doubts‘

‘the’; subject; -
Merrick didn't make any attempt to meet any
‘er, but walked quickly around the ‘corridor
then ~retui‘ned to the door) and looked out-

’ patently satisfied with”liis inspection of the

?.ieWalk, he hurried outside, ‘turned into. Ex-
nge Place and started for Broadway. _ '
*3? isﬁed now that Merrick’s intentions toward
“ riend Hill were not honest, Dick followed
gee wh_ei'e he was going. V .
 crossed Broadway and tarted up to~
~ postofﬁce. C - ~ l r ,
backing Cortland Street he turned down and
‘followed, him to West ‘Street, which he

sedand headed for the Pennsyl’vania~ i_'erry- a

ing. the building, with Dick close behind,

straight to the ticket office and the young ;

ieaidhim ask for a ticket forCliicago‘.~ ~

g ' he hurried to~the baggage counter '
presentecl a-transfer express receipt and‘hi§' -

haggageman presently returned and -handed‘ V

‘i iirassicheck, thenhe glanced atnthel clock
lied "fur the ferry entrance ‘to catch the
435' t forthe station in Jersey City. * j v_ _
" settles iwsaid Dick to h1mS8‘1_fa‘W§3_k1.1C|E
Ifoll  —furt)1.8r- _"H_e’s iskrppingi

’ 1 #200 File ﬁnd ‘out what

;r

Merrick was ‘going West by the regular Paciﬁc
express. " ' '

110011.

Dick decided to meet Hill at the Criterion Bil-A" '

liard Parlors that evening, when the young man.

‘came there to meet Merrick, who by that time; i
would be some distance on his way West, andiput »

him on to the ex-chief clerk’s duplicity.

He would advise Hill to take measures to have, 7

Merrick arrested at the Union depot in Chicago
when the Paciﬁc express"came in. 

That afternoon when he was returning to his
office a few minutes after three, he met Bob Ar-
cher in the elevator.’ ' »

grin.
“No.
“Your oﬂ‘ice!~” V
“Yes. I rented room 542 that you told me was‘

VaC?(l'l;i2. Comegin and see me as soon as yo_u’re of

wor .’ ’ - "

“Goin’ to call on" yourold boss?"

“Is this straight goods you're‘ telling me?”’re'-1' _,

plied the surprised Bob.

“Straight as a plumbline can be.''‘ u 4

V “I’ll go around with you now and see whether
this is -a joke or not,” said Bob, as they stepped
out of the elevator. »
“Come on, then,_if you can aiford the. time.’', I,
5“I’m Just back» from the-bank, so a fevwminutei
more or less doesn’t count.” ~
Dick led the way..into the corridor where» his
office was, and Bob. saw'his chum.’s name -on-the
door. ‘as plain as he ever, saw anything in his life.

“Gee! You have got -an oﬂice,” said'Bob. “Lord, -

what a nerve to put up that line /underneath——-

“Stocks and Bonds.” So you claim to be a broker . i

now?”
“Surest thing you know.
to stay, too.” V .
Dick opened the door and ushered his friend

” inside.

, “Aniylr fault to ﬁnd with the place?” he said.
“I s ould say not; It’s all right.

up“in this style.”

Don't worry about that,‘ Bob.
honestly.” ' — V . .,
D31 lkncﬁv ygiu v\'o_1‘;1I,dn’t g4;:tBit any other way.

i tie any 'attan ationa ank set you 1; fo
saving that pouch full of money?” 1) 
“No, but the president sent me a good-sized
check."'- ~ ‘ _ I
“Then that’s how you got the coin to open up
foi°‘IyIoursi2l£?’:1 " d _ V _ _ ' ‘" ‘
fore the thefatl; otgthinﬁggucliowﬁg pIilitl(1)e<Ti":)Sl§l’r.le§s5oli.i(Et;
you remember vI"was ‘speaking to you about itf!’’f ‘ f
-,“You said something about it right after you
gotout of _Mr.~ Curtis’ ‘oﬂice, but I didn't take‘
miﬁch stock in your statement. Thought you 1-It!‘

J-_°'ng' ‘.4: -», . » g‘ ' ‘.".'
"You see I wasn"t=,’don’t you?” V g ,1"
“It looks that way: It's going to take you some
time tobuild up a paying usiness. As your ex-_

penses are bound to be high, you’ll have the time?
"of your life holding o_n.’¥' « ‘ ‘ ‘ 2 - ’

 “I’,ve‘ practically’ pa
‘f-May, "so I’ :guess'."
-ate.’-’ ‘V v ‘. 

This train was due in Chicago’ next day, about-I

“We meet again, Dandy Dic ,’.’ said Bob, with a L:

I’m on my way to my oﬂ"ice.” ‘ Q

I'm in the business. '_

Blessed if .1 g
i can see where you got hold of the money‘ to open]

I came by it’ :

 ‘ ously around the room."
‘- “Is M1‘. Havens in?”
 ,“Yes, sir. That’s my name.

 ness with boys.”

» name on the

~ DANDY DICK, THE

gt}-13.11 one. I’ll drop in and see you again in half
an ‘hour if you’ll be here.” ‘
V; ,.“I guess you’l1 ﬁnd me here,” said Dick, and
Bob took his departure. '

; Bob had been gone _only a few minutes when
there came a knock on the door.

. .“Come in,” said the boy broker.

«,The door opened and admitted a stout, red-

gfaced broker named Stinton, whose office was on

the opposite side of the corridor. He looked curi-

,_ Take a seat.”
~\,. “Is this your oﬁ°i'ce?” asked the trader, in some

‘ gsurprise.

“Yes, sir.” >
“Starting out as a broker, eh?” said the visitor,

‘ with a covert sneer.

“I suppose‘ that is my privilege, sir, as there

-‘ seems to be no law against it.”

“There ought to, be some rewlation to prevent
s from‘m,aking fools of tliemselve.s.”

. bo
* pxl suppose 'that’s a shot at me?” said Dick,
' ﬂushing up.

.‘fWe11, you're a boy, and if I’m not mistaken

I you’ve been working as messenger for Mr. Curtis
‘until very recently.
.a_this bluff?”

What induced you to put up
\

“What do you mean by a bluff, Mr. Stinton;
I believe that’s your name?” -
“Hiring.an office and pretending you’re a._ bro-

ker.” ~
 “There’s no pretence about it. I mean business

' 1 just as much as you did when you started in.”
“Huh! I I’d like to know what business you

expect to do at your age.”

‘SI, beg your pardon, Mr. Stinton, but did you

i come in here tomake fun of nae?” ‘ p
 “No, Icame in here expecting to __find a man,

not a boy.” - , _
'~ “?'I‘hen I presume you have no business with
me. ’~ ~ ,
“Business! I should say not. ‘I don’t do busi-
“In that case, I don’t, see any need of your
staying.” _ ' . _
“»“Don’t address me in that way,.you young
j.ackanapes!” roared the visitor, growing stil
\red,der in the face. “You seem ‘to imagine your-
Selfa person dof importance since you putyour
oor. . I 
“I guess Pm" as much importance in my own
estimation as you are in yours.” I .
' -“You’re an impudent young monkeydoodle! Do

5 you understand?” snorted the visitor, rising.
I ~« ,,“I heard‘ you, and I’d hate to say what ‘If think

about you.” ,
“What’s-that? I’ve a‘ reat mind to tweak your

I niosef for you,” ejaculat d the "now thoroughly
-  broker.

wou1dn’t if I were you,”.rep1ied Dick, coolly.

.. “Something might happen that you wouldn’t like.”

‘.‘How dare‘ you talk tome in that way?”

“Because you deserve it. You came in here

' tonose around, and ﬁnding a boy broker instead

of,a mai . you start in making remarks that any-

V' J body would take as insults. If I'm not a man in

ars, _I aiii in other ways, and as this office is my

1 , 'I_’ll‘ trouble you to’ place yourself on they

IBOSS BOY BROKER:

, _

‘d0 50, and I‘wil1 accept your excuses if it

pear to be reasonable. Goodaftemoon.” N . .
Broker Stinton glared at Dick speechless. " ‘
rage. _ The boy paid no _further attention to
but picked up his penknife and begun to‘ trim be
nails in a nonch‘al_ant manner.‘ He was not
different to. l'iis~visitor’s aggressive attitude, ‘h’
eﬁer, and was prepared for_any physical a_ cg
t e broker might make on him. t 2;
probable that a scrap between them mightli vs
taken place, but that the door opened at that
ment and,Bob walked in. I v
sa_dI  knlow you were engaged, D1(’fk,’H
belb, kin} itng” e was not wanted Just then: 1 
“Dac , a er; _ _ “ _
ont go, said Dick. This
about to take his departure.’’, .
Without another word the " trader tun!
ﬁrrolund, walked out and slammed the doora '
“Say, ‘was he mad or only making believe?”
asgldhgiczfian idea he was pretty warm under
collar,” smiled Dick. ; \.
What was he mad about? Did he want to
%C;:.élaSt0'7I}"1e tart stock on you which you woul
“N 0. He conﬁned his visitto passing remarks
upon me_ as if he were the boss of this
When I retaliated, and reminded him -tlia , _
room was better than his company, .he go this,
monkey up, and  guess he’d have tried-‘ to
me‘ around a bit if ou. hadn’t come in.’_’
“What brought him_,in here in the first-pl A_
' I” guess he came in to size up the new 1‘,
ant, chuckled Dick. “When he discovered
the new_ tenant was my humble self, he app
to be displeased.” .
::Have you had a run-in _with him before
, ‘“No. I never spoke to him before in my Iiﬁ.
'£hen ;K;l;l,y should he be displeased to ﬁnd‘
enan .. -
‘‘l3ecause he seems to have‘ a standing gr‘
against boys, particularly those who are »
to get ahead. At least I judge so from his
. Now let’s talk about something else!’ "
Bob stayed half an hour,_and then Dick 1
up and they left the building together.

gentleman ﬁg

CHABTER IX.--Dick Makes a Big Hsurm
A " « Traction Stock. ,

"A-bout eight o’_c1ock that evening Dick-,w
down to the Criterion Billiard Parlors.-fo
purpose of meeting Merrick’s ‘friend ,IjIiII,
took a seat near the door of the billiard.
where he could see every one as they entered,
makin sure Hill wasn’t"the_re. The/young.
came in thirty minutes later and began]~I'
around for Merrick. Dick went up t0'hi~I§]

“I believe our name is Hill?” he said .
“_Yes‘,” rep ied the young man, regarcfi
cui'iously./ A’ - l »

' “You came hereto meet,Martin Merrick ‘

, “I did. Did he send you to say he is dét

.f‘He did not. I came to tell you that -h i
be here, as he is somewhere’near‘Pittsbu"
this time.” — ,_ - 1, r _ -4

urgh!‘~_I-Ias. he‘ :‘beén' sen

 V F

é/didn't tell me that he thought of leaving‘
“town,” said Hill, in surprise.

ryly.

“ .0 you know why he left the city ?_" _ , .
,_ 0 make himself scarce, I should imagine.”_

*' ‘ ‘$1’ don't quite catch your meaning,” replied Hill,

th at uzzled look. .
‘{'?‘I*be ieve you handed him $2,000 of your good

. {honey in front of the Stock Exchange to-day?”

“‘I did. I gave it to him to‘ invest in 200 shares

, o_f'B.'& O. for me.”

“Iknow. Well,'he didn't invest it in B. & Q."
“He didn't?” .. o ’

“Not at all. He put. the money in liisﬁiocket and I
soon as he got rid of you, he made a beeline“
the Pennsylvania station at the foot of Cort-.

Street and bought a ticket direct for Chicago.

7‘ he boarded the Paciﬁc Express and is‘ now .
Unite for his destination.” A '2,

Hill ' looked uneasy.

“You don’t mean to say that he ran awaylwith

my money, do you?”
“Doesn't it look as if he did?”

‘_‘It-'certainly looks funny. I shouldn’t think he;

ould do such a thing. We are friends, "you
w.” V" ' ’ T _  ' ‘ .
-,. How longvhave you known him?" _
?‘That’s a short time for you to have. so much
' dance in him.” ‘ '

last

vZ‘,‘He was!” almost‘ gasped Hill, ‘-beginning to
ifeleve hejhad been swindled by his pretended
wzﬁiie’ ;‘ " ~ ‘
He was. I worked for three years in the same
céwith him, so you see I ought to know him
"tier-than you. From what I know about him,
ll you that I wouldn’t trust him with a
ei if I wanted to get it back. I admit, though,
I didn't ‘think 'he was crooked enough to
$2,000 if he got the chance, which it appears
iclwhen he~got acquainted with you. ‘Excuse
'—I take the liberty of calling youan easy
it’, for it looks as if you were in this case.

dently he learned from you that you had‘

in the bank, and as he had’ lost his job, he
rmined to get it away from you, then leave
-city and youin the lurch.” ‘ .
‘ll.-looked much distressed.‘ '
I ‘see now I was a fool to be taken in,by him.
hall I do? It was all the mone II had in
.orld.—a legacy left me by my mo her.",
1, I'11.:e1;1 youwhat I'd do if I was in your

see a chance of you getting your money ‘

 ' h‘ X_Merrick too.” I
ti-1-,§1.1e ...‘3.§‘2.‘1i..‘§‘§ and 1'11 'be awfully obliged to
"’’'said theuyoung man, eagerly. g_
‘e, Paciﬁc Express is due to reach Chicago
agoirow at twelve thirty—tW0- Go to Police
tiqijarters right away and tell X0111‘ S'C0rY-
' that the Chicago’ police he notiﬁed to arrest
* in‘ Merrick as he comes off the cars.
at description- of his. personal appearance
;will be able to identify‘ him.‘ If he is
‘ you cango‘ on "to ‘Chicago and see that

o, I shouldn't think he would,” replied Dick,

ief clerk for Curtis, stock-

‘ g knock on the

 Boss '3'oY' Bi'ioK?ii'i=e‘

the right man has’ been nabbed. Your me it
should be in the hands of the Chicago police, a:_n‘
you‘ can. put inyour claim for it. The chances
are you won’t get -it. Most likely it will be turn’
over to the New York authorities, and you wi ,
get it back after Merrick has been brought‘ here,
tried and convicted.”  ‘
“Thank you for suggesting how I should act.
I will do as you have pointed out. By the way,
you haven’t told me your name.” ’ 
“Dick Havens. There is my business card.’’f_.
‘ Hill glanced it over.
_ f‘Are you a broker?” - . '  V
, I have just started in to be one. Call andsee
me any time after three or between nine and tab
in the morning. I am generally out between ten
and three.” - . .

o “I will drop in to—morrow and let you know how
I‘ made cutvat Police Headquarters." KI .

’ “Allright. I'll loolf. for you.” _ r »

Hill then asked Dick how he learned thatxhe
was going to let Merrick have 52,000 to invest
for him-, and the boy broker explained how he had,’
overheard their conversation in the washvroom
on Saturday afternoon, and how, suspecting that
Merrick had a crooked pur ose in view, he had
determined to watch him, w ich ‘he did, with the
results ‘as shown. ‘ 

. _The young man and Dick left the billiard par.-‘
lors together and parted at the nearest come
Hill taking a Broadway car downtown. Whi
Dick was reading the market next morning -Hill
paid. him ‘a visit. He said the police had agreed

.’.

to have «Merrick arrested by telegraph, and‘ la ,
had left the ex-chief clei-k"s description with-"

them. At half-past three Dick’s telephone rang‘,
and asking who was on the‘ wire, found that it‘ —
was Hill. The young man said that word had-
just come from Chicago that a,man answering
Merrick’s description, with $2,000 in bills oniliis"
person, had been arrested on the train by a de-
tective sent out for that purpose. . ’
He said he was going to leave for Chicago at ,
seven that night. ' _ ‘
“Good,” said Dick. “You put «that, rascal
through for -his crooked conduct to you. He def
serves to be handled without gloves." I g
“I will,” answered Hill. “It makes me mad to
have a» fellow I thought was myrfriend go back
on me the way he ‘did. Good-by till I get back." ’
As Dick hung up the receiver there was a light
oor. I '
'‘‘Come in,” said the boy broker, and in walked
Ethel Gray. . . "
Dick sprang up, shook hands with her and led
her to a seat beside his desk.’ Ethel explained»
that she had called to tell him that her job had’ ‘
given out, and it might be a little while before,
she met him again. . > — ' A ..
"‘ITm sorry that you're about to out loosafro “V
the building, Miss Gray, since it was a pleasure
for me to see you to the cars once in a while.’ I-
suppose you will look around at once for another
Wall Street position?” . V “ . .-

. “That is my intention.” she replied". _
1‘£_I"vvish I were in a position to hire you my-
se‘ .-, .. V. - . *'. 

“ should be glad to work ‘for you," she‘
swerved, with a smile. , , , . .
After a short talk, Dick asked if he_ might

n.

Zhersat‘ her home, an‘d*’,r,eceivedl :-

/I

 boarded an uptown train.

 

16

so. As she rose to go, he said he was going
home himself, so he locked up and escorted her
over to the Sixth Avenue station, where they
When not at the Ex-
change or in the public room at the little bank,
Dick spent his time in different places where
brokers congregated, trying to pick up informa-
tion, about stocks.

On the day following Ethel’s visit, he picked up
8 good tip from the conversation he overheard
between two big operators. A certain independent
traction line, whose stock was at a discount on
the market, had been purchased by a big connect-
ing line, the stock of which was considered gilt-
edge. One‘ of the operators intimated to the
other that as soon as the news got out to the
public, the shares of the independent line would
jump up fully twenty points.

The other agreed with him, and they arranged
to pool their interests and buy all the independent
traction stock they could get. Dick determined to
load up on the same stock, known as M. & V.
Traction. He found out that it was going at 65.
It took all but $700 of his capital to put up the
margin on 1,000 shares. '

He thought so well of the pointer that he went
the whole hog on it. Two days later Hill walked
into his oﬂice with the news that Merrick had
been brought to the city, having waived extradi-
tion papers, and was lodged in the Tombs. The
clerk pleaded not guilty when brought before a
magistrate, but‘ was held for trial. We may re-
mark here that he was subsequently tried, proved
guilty and sentenced to three years in Sing Sing,
which, if he behaved himself, was equivalent to

. two full years of imprisonment.

Hill got his $2,000 back, and was so grateful to
ﬂick that quite a friendship sprang up between

em.

A day or two after Merrir.-.k’s examination in
the police court, M. & V. Traction began to go up
a little at the time until it reached 72, then the
purchase of the line was announced and it boomed
right away to 88. / _ _

At that ﬁgure Dick ordered his shares sold.

‘When he got a settlement with the bank, his
statement showed a proﬁt of $22,700, making him
worth something over $33,000, which was a big
jump in his resources, and he was tickled accord-
ingly. _

Although he was yet to get his ﬁrst‘custom_er in
the brokerage business, he was quite. satisﬁed
with results so far, for now he was in better
shape to do business if any came to him.

CHAPTER X.~Dick’s First Customer.

It was about this time that Broker Curtis
learned with considerablesurprise that his late
messenger was in business for himself on the
same ﬂoor.

Full of curiosity to ﬁnd out how the boy was
getting on, he called upon him one day and found
Dick reading the “Wall Street News” at his desk.

‘Dick shook hands with him and invited him to
sit downand make himself at home.

“Upon my word, young man, this move of yours
surprises me,” said Curtis. “A boy of your years
and lack of experience to open up as a broker is
something out of the usual. This was why you re-
fused to come back to my oﬂice, eh?”

' $12,000 when I rented this oﬂice.
the whole rent up to next May in order to get it,»

.1.-, I I c

DANDY DICK, THE BOSS‘ BOY BROKER

“I might as well admit that you have guesseﬂ
the reason,” replied the boy.

"Well, are you doing anything?” asked the
broker, with a doubtful smile. '

“Nothing as yet in the brokerage line, but I

cleared nearly $23,000 two days ago on the ‘rise in 

M. & V. Traction.”
“The dickens you did!” ejaculated Mr. Curtis,

in a tone of surprise. “Where did you get your 

capital to operate with? You couldn’t have
cleared that money unless you. carried at least

1,000 shares, and if you bought them on inargin,

as I presume you did, it would have cost you
$10.000 to put the ‘deal through.”

“That’s right, sir. I had just enough funds to
see myself through.” , p ,

“1 suppose your father is backing you in this
business?” - g

“No, sir. Not a member of my family knows
yet that I have cut loose from you.”

“Then what good fairy loaned you the money?” 0

“I made my capital myself.”

“You did! How, pray?”

Dick told him how he had speculated in a
small way while acting as his messenger until he
had made nearly $3,000.

“I was worth $2,900 when I took my‘ recent
trip to the farm. I gave my mother $500 of that,
and each of my two sisters $100. When I re‘-‘
turned to the city I got hold of a good tip on D.
& M.. slapped $2,000 on it and cleared $5,000 on
the rise that followed. Then the Manhattan Na-,
tional Bank presented me with $5,000 for savin
that pouch from the crooks and helping to land
the rascals in jail. Altogether I had alittle over
I had to put up

and that with the cost of furnishing the room
reduced my capital by $1,600. The traction deal
however, has given my ﬁnances a good boost, so
guess I’ll survive.” ' ’

Mr. Curtis congratulated Dick on his
so far, and hoped it would continue. fter re-
maining half an hour, he got up and left.
his way to lunch that day, Dick met Broker
Stinton face to face in the corridor.

“Get out of my way, you youn rascal,” ejacu-
lated the trader, with a black 100 .

“Look here, Mr. Stinton, you haven’t any right
to call me a rascal, and I won’t stand for it. I
want you to take it back,” said Dick, resolutely.

“You dare to talk to me that way,’.’ cried the ‘V

broker, ﬂying into a rage.

“When I talk to gentlement I’m respectful, but
you’re no gentleman, so you can’t expect to be
treated politely.” .

With a howl of anger, Stinton struck out at the
boy. His ﬁst only connected with air, for Dick
had dodged aside. Stinton followed him up, de-
termined to wreak vengeance on him. Dick made
a bluff to run, and the broker started after him.
The boy stopped suddenly and dropped to the
ﬂoor. The ruse bore disagreeable fruit for Mr.
rolling along the smooth marble floor as if pro-'
pelled by roller skates.

Another broker, coming hurriedly from his
oﬂice, stumbled over him and went to the ﬂoor
with a crash. He was so mad that he jumped on
Stinton and began to pound him right and left.

Laughing gleefully at Stinton’s discomﬁture. Dick; 

ood luck 
On. f

 

Stinton. He tripped over the boy's body and went?“

 

 

. -:.J 3,3,... ;* A.

  
  
 

 woolly West.

‘  do for you,

' " known as Dandy

memazpsieszcx, " ?i*H.ri."gi3oss Boriaiirixiin "

. :J_started for the elevator and was soon on the
‘street. He met Bob at the lunch counter and told

him about his encounter with Broker Stinton.
-\‘‘That’s_ the time you served him out good,
Dandy Dick,” laughed Bob.. “But you’d better
look out, for he's liable to be down on you like
a carload of bricks at the first chance he gets.”
"‘Oh, I’m not afraid of him. He’s physically

 big, but that’s all the advantage he has.”

‘_‘You’l1 ﬁnd that enough if he ‘ever gets a ﬁrm
grip on you.” '

Dick laughed, and soon after they left the
restaurant. With a capital of $33,000, Dick felt

as happy as a lark. He was sitting in his office

debating whether or not he’d better pay an un-

expected visit to Pugwash and surprise the folks
 the farm, when there came a knock at the‘

door. Wondering who his visitor was, Dick told
him to walk in. A tall, bony-looking man entered.

 ‘-I-Iisface was tanned to the color of mahogany by‘
 weather, and he wore a kind of modiﬁed cow-‘
“bog hat, while his hair was long and curly at the

men s.

His new suit’ of shiny store clothes didn’t
seem to ﬁt him very well. At any rate,‘ he looked
awkward in them, and seemed conscious of the
-fact. Dick ‘judged he was some stranger from the

.' “Hello, ard,” "said the caller, “where is the

A bosspof this shop?”

“Right here.” ‘
7 “You!” ejaculated the stranger, sizing the boy

' up from head to foot.

“Yes, sir. Take a seat and let me know what I
’ said Dick, in a genialpway.
“Wal, now, I didn’t know they had boy brokers

. in New York So that’s your name on the door,

eh?" -
urrhatis my na%e:k ,1,2ichard Havens, otherwise
’ f‘Dandy Dick‘, eh?” chuckled the stranger, seat-

ing himself in an easy ‘way, "wal, now you look it.
My name is William Minturn, '
 otherwise known as Rip Roaring Bill. When I
‘ ‘git started I'm a rip roarer from way back, and
, don't you forget it.’_’

Shake, » .pard.

I “Glad to know you, Mr. Minturn, otherwise Rip,

Roaring Bill,” replied Dick, shaking his visitor

b the tanned and horny hand. “Have a smoke,

V ‘-0 (1 man?”

; “_I‘ don’t know but I will,”, said ‘Miiiturn, taking
a_ weed and then the lighted match Dick offered
him. “Say, young man, you seem to be the real
stuﬁ’, and I’m bound to say

“You can gamble on it there is nothing artiﬁcial
about “me,” returned the boy trader, heartily.
.“Hold on thar, am t you going to light up and
, me company. s

eggorry I can’t oblige you, but I don’t smoke.”
“Why not, pard?”

“I might mention several reasons, but it isn't

worth w ile,”
- ”“It feels kind of lonesome to smoke alone.”
“I?ll bet you’ve done it many a time.’’

I’ll bet I have, too, when I've been out prospect- «

gag  naryia critter within sight for miles
&1‘_0‘!1 . .
,‘,‘I‘§:pose you’ve lived out West a good many
years. - "
{About thirt
3”“ East can

I7 was born andﬁrought up

r

that I hitch right to .
, you.” - , ‘»

migrated when I was , twenty. I

Civilization and me .ain’t_been on the  :
terms during most of that time, but I 
see more life after this, for I_ reckon I’ll makexm
pile afor_e _long. And that brings me to the‘ of ’“
of my visit. I came into this building to ”
broker to buy some stock for me.” ~
. “How did you get up to this floor without hi};
ting one? The four ﬂoors below are ﬁlled’ 
ﬁhgiiérzndogbout half the tenants of this ﬁoo are
“Wal’ you see that there elevator got up it
before} could git the'chap to stop it. seems _
work like greased lightning. I got out and ram:
:I[Y1¥vSa€;f”O11tSlde your door. before I knew just 
bu“l;i§’l1at’s the name of the stock
::Ii'.ed Squirrel Gold Mine.” ' — V
“Never heard of it, Mr. Minturn.” 
Thar s about 40,000 shares ﬂoating roiind
part_ of the country, and I d like to get hold oi
in sight. You know the ropes and I‘ don’
s’pose you take a look around and see how,‘ 
you can_ﬁnd for me. I’ll pay you your regulate’
commission and give you a bonus besides}! ‘. ’
All right, Mr. Minturn, I'll take your order 
dgtghat I can for you. Will you take all'_J_
g “Every share.” ' , g I
Dick pulled out a Goldfield market‘ report;
looked over the list of mining stocks. He. found.
dSq;.iitri;lel pr‘-:inted among the prospégtg
a e cen s. _ 
“I'll have to ask you to put up about. ,

you  l

, as evidence of good faith on your- part-'-a. "._

of guarantee that you’ll take the shares after
get them.” I

“I'll do that, pard,” said William Minturn,,pull-

I ing out a roll that looked as big as 3,-§kySa‘3.peg’

and peeling oif several ellow backs o ‘
nomination, handed theig to Dick. f  4*
“My” commission will be .one—half a cent "
share, said the boy b.roker, handing his‘ amt.
customer a receipt for the $2,000, which he locked-L.
up in his safe. ' — ' 1’
“When shall I come back?” asked the Westenér
_ ‘.‘You might drop in to-morrow afternoon an
tune, between three and four.”_ 1 ‘A
Ill be on _hand, pard,” said. Minturn, risi
and tossing his butt into the spittoon. I 1 r ~
Have another smoke,” said Dick, bringi on?
the cigar box again. “Take a couple while ou’r
about it.” ‘ _ '
églhanks, pard, I will.”

e visitor helped himself, and after ' ‘
hands with Dick, who gave him his businessisuhlggfi
departed. ’ _ F”

“A. real bona ﬁde customer at last. ‘ Thin
are beginning to loom,” said the boy to hims
"I’ll start right out and see if I can ﬁnd somgir

,x

(‘Red Squirrel stock among the Curb brokers?’ v

CHAPTER XI——'DickiIs Caught in a BadfSlimi.p;.

‘Dick werlilt down on the Curb and began his
quiriesri 4: f RdS ' 1 " '
He struclé a ﬁivdggn cblrokzrs blgildg lfélllflglllg-ngfozk‘
who had any: of it, and he had a block a . '
‘shares for which he wanted $500. ’

. “I'll take it,” said Dick. _ 

   
     

paid over the moneyvand received an order
e broker’s. cashier for the stock.

uirrel?” asked Dick.

‘ believe Broker Stiiiton, on the ﬁfth ﬂoor of
, entury Building, has a lot of it,” replied the
rb trader. “I heard he was offering it yester-
»for ten and one-eighth cents, but nobody
nted any at that price.”

yto get possession of the shares he had
_ ‘ t. On his way he wondered how he would
’ with Stinton aften, the runin they had had
 orning.

ht the boy. “I. guess I'd better get another
erto interview him about the stock. In that
,._.I’d be out my commission. No; I’ve got
e_ enough to face him myself. If he won’t see
I"can’t make him. In that case, I'll have to
yffthe shares through somebody else.”
er getting the 5,000 shares he started for
01%?‘ Eentury B,uilding. Walking- into Stinton’s

311150‘ the private ofﬁce. Dick‘ knocked on the
f the room and was bidden to enter. When
n saw who his visitor was, he uttered a roar
‘ er and started to his feet,.looking as black
.» under gust. Dick prudently remained near
‘[1 door so he could beat a hasty retreat.

W What doyyou want in here, you young villain l”

  
    

  

  
  

avel . .

u hear?”
erstand that you have some Red Squirrel
‘gt-stock for sale,” went on the boy broker,’
noticing his words. “What do, you want for

,do

  

  

ta . . .
Stiiiton was going to throw a book at Dick’s
. , but he stopped and glared at the boy. The
' f the matter was he was extremely anxious
get -rid of his Red Squirrel shares, as he
ed the moxie . They "were worth ten cents
re, and he
n in a trade at a‘ time he was ﬂush. He had
'trying. to get. a fraction over- the market
ie block, but nobody wanted them even at
cents. He was ﬁguring on offering them for
and a half cents when Dick came in. Al-
, ghjhe was terribly angry at the boy broker,
_ hance of selling some of his Red Squirrel for
' Cents was not without its effect.
Who sentyou here for Red S uirrel?” he
wled, still holding onto.~.the boo’ as if he

 
   
  

    

   
   
 

ter all. _ V
‘ ‘ r._Henriques €:'.’‘. :2: you had quite a block
—and as I had a, customer who left an order

   

f ‘I could make a deal with you.” _

‘ow many‘ shares, do you want?”

‘,‘I’ll take all you have at ten cents.” . I .
ttnton took his hand from his book and sat

  

._

gnalny shares l'1éVef}.,7.01vl?'.’.‘

nmigrr” l)I‘CK,:.f"1*HE* Boss‘

Do you‘ know where I can ‘get any more Red

,’1‘hank you. I’ll call on him," and Dick rushed:

‘fm afraid he’ll throw me out of his oﬂ"ice,”~

,Shortly afterward one of Stinton’s clerks came-=
he asked one of the two cler-ks if the broker’
up The clerk nodded, and told him to‘ go"

hetrader. “Get out or I'll have you thrown‘
came on business, Mr. Stinton,” replied Dick,‘

‘I.’ on’t want anything to do with you. .Get’

ad 30,000 ‘shares, which he had’

i -' _’t sure but he’d throw it a_t his visitor-

_wi_th,,me foi- the stock, I thought I’d come up and ,

V . . - ,_ I . - ’ the office.
M‘: ave you got the money to pay for the '
9» . V V ,. ‘ I , ‘

   
  

  
     

 

 " i3iito,i<i§R-» 

“'1'-hirty thousand.” _ ' A..-:

“Tha_.t’s $3,000. If you’ll send the shares to my ‘. 
office inside of twenty minutes I’ll have the 1 "
monIey.’31 1

‘ f t is is a practica joke, ou little u ,
I’1l break your head for you,” crliled Stintod), 5;. ,
dimdsuspicion of such athing formed itself in his
min .

“I never joke on business matters. If you are
afraid I don't mean business, I’ll pay you half ,
of the money right now, and the balance on de-:
livery of the certiﬁcates.”

“Hand over the money,” said Stinton. 1. I.

“Write out a receipt for it,”- said Dick, advanc,-1
ing to his desk, satisﬁed he had nothing to fear‘ ‘
now. 4 ,

As soon as the broker saw Dick haul the money‘— ’
out of his pocket he wrote his receipt for $1,500..‘
Dick handed him the ‘cash, took the receipt and  4
told him to send the stock to his oﬂice in twenty ,
minutes and he would be there to receive. it. .The'.
boytrader was in" his office at the speciﬁed time. ,

   
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
 
  
   

 

in.with six certiﬁcates of Red Squirrel for 5,000»
shares each. Dick paidthe balance of the money
and got a receipt.- . _ : ~
“Nothing: like bearding_the lion in his den,’{' '
chuckled Dick. “He was going to have me thrown,
out, bllilit he changed his mind when he saw a’ deal;- .
insigt.’ .. ". 
At quarter past three next day William Min-‘
turn, his customer, appeared and Dick told him_he.=', "
had secu'red’35,000 shares of Red Squirrel for him. ' ’
“I%$w. much ‘do I owe you, Dandy Dick?” asked»
the" esterner. , ’ . , ‘ ‘_
~ “Fifteen ‘hundned balance on the stock and $175;_
C_()I“t1II_'I(1iSS,l0n," replied Dick.‘-1 $1.00 b th  .11 
‘ eres your money an onus a , ._
promised you,” said the Welsterner. “You got-7 ‘
tiem shares just in time. T ere are. 5 000 more
shmewhere in these _diggings. If  was you Pd’,
féyy i§’ai’i°§§iZ.ii2rf§rsi2¥§S§§f fK§.’.‘..3»f "°“ have ‘.‘.’f ‘
“Why so?” asked the boy, surprised. ' _."'j_
“Because they’ll be worth a dollar .at‘least in-'
side of three months,” replied his visitor. -
“How do you know they will?". V ,

" “I’m one of the owners of that there mir_i'e,.;
We've made a big strike which’ were keeping quiet '
for the present. I came to New York ex ressly to,
rake in them 40,000 shares. I've got 3‘ ,000, and
won’t bother waiting for the rest, as I want to git .
back to Paradise. If you want to make a goo
thing yourself‘ just stir your stumps after the.
5,003 SI)al2Cl(.d Whoezger hlast it  hif:;ﬁposses‘ts
nex ur ay won se i un er y cen s‘ .
share, and if he holds  long enough, hem? get’
$2 or $3 a share for it. _Now, Dandy Dic , 
say good-_by to you. Any time _you want any rea
information about Nevada mining shares write
me, care of Post & .Co., Paradise. _If you shoul
find the time to’ pay the mines a visit, don't f
to drop in on me at the Russell House, Paradis
and I'll give you_ a royal good time. Enough

said.” I « ,
The Westerner held out his h d and Dick,_,to,o'l;.i
it. They shook heartily and t en .Minturn.Vle,ﬂt.
“I guess I’ll take his adxdce and tr‘ to!‘ I
]t)h_ai other Dick of Red Squirrel» stock,’ tho ‘
ic . . I‘ , ,. _j .‘

     

     
    
 
     
   
   
 
    
     
    

    
    
  

   
    
      
       
   
   
 
 

  
    
    
       
      
     
          
   
   
 

  
  
   
    
  

       
 

    

 

  

DANDY DICK, THE

He put on his hat-and wentout. At four o’clock
he gave up the hunt for the.day, but next morn-
ing resumed it. About two o’clock he located it in
the office of a well-known Curb broker, who ap-
peared to be glad to get rid of it for ten cents a
share. Dick locked it up in his safe and then

awaited results. Next morning the Wall Street
papers had an account of a remarkably rich strike

. which had been made in the Red'Squirre1 mine, of

Paradise, Nev. At the opening of the Curb mar-
ket there was a big demand for the stock, as high
as 25 cents being offered, but none of it came to
the surface.

Dick was delighted to ﬁnd that Red Squirrel
had developed into a stock of some importance,
and determined to hold onto it and see if Min-
turn’s statement that it would go to a dollar in
three months was veriﬁed. One day during the
following week Dick got hold of a tip on M. & N.
At least, it had all the earmarks of one. He
learned that a big syndicate had been formed to
corner it. As soon as he was satisﬁed he had got
onto a good thing, he went and bought 2,000
shares and put up $20,000 of his capital as se-

. curity.

He got the shares at 85. In a few‘ days the
stock began to advance and Dick, feeling certain

' that things were coming his way, began counting

his chickens. The stock soon reached 90, and
Dick believed that it would surely go above par.
If it did, he felt he would double his capital,
which was a very cheerful reﬂection. The whole
market had a bullish tendency at this time, and
that would help things along. ‘ . ..

On the following _Tuesday morning, M. & N.
opened at 92, and Dick was up in the gallery of
the Exchange watching events with a. great deal
of satisfaction. Suddenly, like a bolt from a clear
sky, the market went to pieces underya well de-
veloped bear raid that carried everything before
it. The bulls tried to stop the slaughter, but.in
vain, for the bear cliq_ue was a powerful one, with
a raft of money at its beck and call. Dick Sat
like a dazed boy as M. & N. went down, down
to 80. That was ﬁve points below what he had
bought it at. V

Things began to look squally for him. A drop
of about four points more would wipe his $20,000
deposit out. He still had $13,000 to fall back on,
and when he saw M. & N. drop to 78, he rushed
to his safe deposit vaults, got out $10,000 and ran
around to the little bank. _ -

“Hello, Havens,” said Pratt, the margin clerk,
when the boy broker presented himself at his
window, “you look all ’l’:>roke up.\ Are you getting
it in the neck _at last?_ ‘ . ,

“Looks like it,” replied Dick. “M. & N. is down
to 771/2_ which is 71/; points -below what I paid
for it.” _ ”

“What are you going to do? Sell?

“Sell!” cried Dick, “and lose my $20,000?”

“You may save $3,000 or $4,000 of it. If you
hold on you may lose it all.’ _ ’

“Well, as long as I can put up more margin I 11
run my chance.” ’

“Oh, if you can afford to do that, you may come
out all right in the end. We can’t accept less
than ﬁve per cent., however.” .

“I’ll put up ﬁve per cent. Here’s the money,”
and Dick shoved the $10,000 in at the window.

The clerk took it, counted it, and gave him a

._-_ 9 ,  ',.>- :-‘. r" 55-’ iv.
BOSS BOY BROKER 19
paper which allowed him further leeway on his
deal. Dick sat down in the room and watched the

' blackboard. When M. & N. reached 75, the slump

of, the morning came to a halt, and he took a long
breath of relief. ‘ Within half an hour it went up
half a point. Dick took courage and decided to
go to lunch. ’

“I’ve had a pretty narrow squeak. If I had put-

up all my money in that stock I would be almost
broke by this time,” he said to himself. “The
unexpected happened on this occasion with al‘
vengeance. Lord! I hope I’ll get out all right.'_’ ;
“Well, I can’t come up with any more margin,
that’s sure. If M. & N. reaches 70 1-2, my name,
will be mud and no mistake.” ‘ ‘,1
He gritted his teeth and watched the slow but,
steady decline. When three o’clock came M. & 
was down to '71, leaving him only half a point to,
the good. . 
‘_fI guess my $30,000 is as good as gone,” he
muttered, as he walked back to the oﬁice like ya,
bull going to the slaughter pen.
from the bank for more margin inside of an hour
as sure as eggs are eggs, for the’ stock is liable
to open at 70 W in the morning. In fact, from the,
looksof things, it is almost certain to do so.” -7
He sat down at his desk feeling decidedly
gloomy. A..tap came at the door. .
“Come in,” he said. ’ p
Ethel Gray walked in. ’
“Sit down, Miss Ethel. Excuse my lack of ani-,
mation, but I’m feeling like thirty cents.” «
Then he explained to her the situation he was
in, and how nearly all his capital hung on a -very
thin thread. She sympathized with him in a. way
that showed she felt awfully sorry for him. A,
moment later Bob appeared. . '

“What’s the matter, Dandy Dick?
solemn as a mourner at a funeral. I hope yaw‘
haven’t been singed in that slump that was an
to—day,” he said.

“Singedl I'm about $30,000 out,” replied Dick,
gloomily. ~ =
B ‘;)Thunderation! You don’t mean it!” ejaculated

o . i :

“If I don’t you can call me a lair,” answered
his chum. ’

“What are you in on?” .'

“M. & NL, and if it goes down, another half point
my $30,000 will be wiped out as sure as youare‘
standing there.” ’

“Gee! That’s tough;
so much money to lose.”

“Well, don’t let’s think about it. It’s an exl
perience that any speculative broker is likely to
get at any time.” _ _

“Say, Dick, I came in to ask you to loanme‘

that book ‘on engineering you got the other day,” ,

said Bob.

“You can have it.. It’s on the top shelf of the I

bookcase. I’ll getit for you.” ,
Dick pushed a chair in front of the case, opened
the glass doors and then got on the chair. There
were a dozen books on the top shelf, and the boy
broker scanned them to see which was the volume
on engineering. As Dick reached for the book,
the chair slipped from under him. To save. him-
self he caught hold of the bookcase. His weight

dislodging the upper half, Dick and the case fell I

with a crash to the ﬂoor. Astonishingyto relate.

 

“I'll get a call’ .

3..

You look as! .

I didn't know you had‘ '

  

   
 
 

DANDY} DICK, THE

lreaznsof shining $20 gold pieces bathed him

hr-head’ to foot in a golden shower. '

Father.

_is,tll'e top of the bookcase fell with Dick, Ethel
a. scream, for she expected nothing else than
the boy broker would be killed or badly-
ed. The case, however, was not very heavy,
' ?;';i'id,not‘hit Dick with its whole weight. As
«instinctively sprang forward, the shower of

' gt spellbound. Then he lifted up the dam-
'book‘case so that his chum, who was not-hurt
.-any extent, could extricate himself.

_ =Where did all that gold come from,

y -Dick? If’ that is your ‘coin, that’s, a
place to keep it when you’.ve got a safein

ce,”" said Bob.

ofone was more astonished at the sight of the

han-was Dick himself. He certainly had not

.1‘. in the upper part of the bookcase. He
lﬁftwhave been-such a fool. Then how did it
.t.hfere? ‘ A  ~ ‘ .
hat are you staring ~at—-the money?" asked
~ ‘Give 3. hand with this brokencase and
‘he I you pick your coin up.” .
as justwondering where that gold came
replied theboybroker. ‘
;cam_e’ from the bookcase, of course. You:
‘ there, didn’t 'you?.” C ~  . g
p ,I' did, -I must have done it inmy sleep. As
dam», sleep down here, why I guess IAdidn’t put
.;_there. Besides, I haven't had any gold in my
‘ ' ,ss’i_on since I came to Wall Street, nor before,

who's is it?"

   

I “If-it isn’t yours,
You’ve got me.”
ell, you're not going to let it stay there for
nitor to sweep up, I calculate, so we'll pick
p’ and count it. Looks liketheremight be
ra-hthousand dollars."

ile" they were speaking, Ethel was busy pick-
u the gold pieces near her. Dick and Bob
e'd')the‘wreck of the bookcase aside and then
cred up the bulk of the coin.
up on the desk, Dick proceeded to count it.

 
      

  

"amounted to just $10,000. .
*"Thgt’s quitea windfall for you,” said Bob.
:might save your $30,000.” '

Dick, lookingat his watch. “I have just ten
es to get to theebank. The brokerage de-
ent is’ open till four. “WhileI?m_ away, just
, er the bookcase and see if -' you can find’ out‘
"-the coin came from. ‘I bought that in a
—hand store. The original owner must have
*3 gfalseback put in it where he hid the gold.

'78 the-only way I‘ can account for ‘it being‘
A" n ,

  
  
 

   
 

. xt morning M. & ‘N. opened at 79%, which
. rhave cleaned the boy*broker 0ut'If- the $10,-

’ gold,hadn’t come to hisvaid unexpectedly.
west point the stock reached was 70, ‘after.
»1 "gradually.went to 80in a ea or two. At
'31, ihgﬂof '.foll0wing5wee ‘ it jrose‘.to*
- , 96, -at’ hie " ‘ ' ' ‘ ~’

  
   
  

   
  

    
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  

lsosspsoiri iaizolifsie I

all ran XII——lDick Has a/Visit From His‘

After it was t

, shall certainly use it-for that purpose,” re-_”

 

sixty cents a share, he ﬁgured that he was worth‘ 
$50,000-all told. ‘ - ’ ‘
He concluded that he could afford the luxur
of an office, boy, though he had nothing more
‘strenuous forthe lad to do than to mind the
office whilehe was out. So he hired a ‘boyfor
$4 a.week to ﬁll‘this sinecure. ‘He judged that
the time had come for him to tell his folks on the
farm that he was no longer a messenger boy, but
in business for himself. Accordingly, he wrote
a letter to his mother informing her of’ the im4
portant fact, and once more inviting his father‘ " r
up to visit him. A few days later-,~'as he was»._,— '
about to run over to the Exchange in the morn-_ “
mg, the oﬂice door opened and his father, attired ' »‘
in a new suit of store clothes, with a grip in one
hand and an umbrella in the other, ﬁlled the’.-
opening. - . ' 3. ,
“By gum!” ejaculated the old man, looking,“ 
around the room, “so this is where you hold out;
Dick. B’gosh! You’ve a swell place." ' 
“Why, hello, dad, is that you?” cried ;Dic‘k',
rushing over and grabbing Havens senior by tho? * 
hand. “I'm awfully glad you've come up to see, ’

 

“Pm kinder glad myself, for I hadn’t been to.
New York in a coon’s age, and it's changedso I ; I '
hardly knew it. Them skyscrapers around  . .
arexso tall I've gota crick in myneck tryin’: to  7 . 2
to the top of ?em.’ r ‘,

“Some of them are over twenty <stori-e,s.high,7.’,,.
said Dick- ' . v - .

“Goshll. Why. do they build ’em so-high.'!,.~., I1!
a11.'.v‘b0d.V’: _fel1 outvpf one of them uppeﬁwinders
he’d.be. kinder mashed upwhen he/hit'.the.walk.?'°"

“Ground is. so valuablein this locality that it
wouldn't pay to put up anything short of arskys,
scraper.” -'

’ -“You don’t say!
worth?" , g ;

“I couldn't tell you, dad, as I don’t keep track37
of real estate statistics, but I guess a fair sized"
lot down here is worth a million." ’

“By gum! That's a lot of money. I reckon you‘-':_;
could buy the Whole of Pu/gwash for a million,
houses and all.”‘ ~ .

“How's mother and the girls?”

“They’re well and sent their love to you; T "
gals wanted me to bring ’em along, but 1 couldnfe
see it. When I come to New York I'm bound to
have a good time, and I don’t keer to have women
folks taggin’ around afterrme.” - I

“Put your umbrella and grip in the c‘o1*nér
and come over to the.Exchange with me.” ~ . . ,

“I’ve got some apple sass and -one or two thin’ '3
that the gals put in for you. I reckon‘ theywon
sp’ile till-we get back.”._« -  . _ “ ‘

»“I guess not. Come.~along.—" » « “ - .
.. “Say, son, isthat there Exchangewhere.
bound for where the ‘bullsiand bears ‘and’-
hang out?” askeduthe’-farmer, as«he’fo1lo‘We
sonoutside.-.s '» ' ;‘ 

"“It’s’ where the bulls and bears .buy and sell
stock for the lambs and themselves, too." - «
“Are you abull or'a bear, son’?-” - , ’ 
f‘I’m a bull. I always ‘bu?y.for a rise.’’_ 2 '
- “What do you-buy?”
“Stocks, offcourse.  I ‘explained 3} sh
wi;§g;%,was down‘-liornegthe; ’ st ‘ ” ‘ '
,"1\,,a‘ "'

  
 
      
      
   
  
 

How much might the landibeil

      
 
       
     
 

 
   
  

  
  
     

   
     

    
  

   
      
    

        

     

   
   
  
  

 

     

   

 / V»

9!!»

’ ‘room.

.t”DA:NDY ‘DICK, THE‘ ‘Boss BOY I BROKER

jserveall that was going on‘below ‘in the board
' Farmer Havens was much interested in
the'pr0-:'.r.-e(li.hgs,.and asked Dick all-kindsof ques;
tions relative. to the actions’ of the traders. Dick

1, thenvpiloted his parent around the district, -taking

him into several of the buildings, and pointing
out landmarks of note, after which they went to
luiic i. . . . ' V »
Retiiriiing to the oﬁice the boy broker left his
father reading an afternoon paper while he went
over to .he little bank to watch the quotations on
‘the blackboard. A little after three Dick locked
,,up and took his father uptown with him. _ After
Vrlinner at the boarding-house they went to one
of .the theaters.» Farmer Havens tmained in
town three days, taking in the sights on his own’
book while his son was downtown, and then he
went back home.
When _Christmas weekcame around.he went

yr home to spend the holidays at the farm. i0f
~ course, he received a great welcome.‘ All the

Pugwashites and the immediate neighbors" of the
Havens family had by this time grown accus-
tomed to Dick's dudish appearance, and his ap-
pearance among them no’ longer created a sensa-,
tion. . c ' ‘ ' -
His father, mother ,and,sisters—,had circulated
thenews around that Dick was abroker onhis
own .account now, and as good as any "man in
"'Wall‘ Street. They’ were very.proud, indeed, of
his success, and showed it.-. All the country girls
’,who were on good terms with Di'ck,hought new
I -fi’ er_v when they learned he was .(:0ll‘l1Il'g‘ down for
2 -Christnias ‘week, and then they laid theinselves
v out to capture_ his eye if they could.
But they/might‘ have_ saved themselves the
-' trouble, and the little jealous contests that took
place between them in their rivalry to getahead
or each other, for Dick’s thoughts were centered

around only one girl,-and that was,Ethel Gr-ay. '

~ ‘After extending his visit to ten, days, "Dick board-
ed a! train back for New York’. He took a seat
behind two well-dressed men who were return-
"ing from Atlantic City. It wasn’t. long before
Dick found out from their conversation that they
»-were stock brokers.

'Af_ter; awhile he'heard them talking -about av
_ ‘thatone of-' them had received by mail ‘from, '
he‘-secretary of a well-known road out West.

he name of the road was the P. & Q., and the
tip the broker had received was that it had bought
out the C. & F. lin'e.<runn'imr into-the great wheat
belt. This deal would give the P. &'Q. big freight
dvant‘2‘iges. while the=C & F-.,-whichhail been in
ancial straits for several - years, would gain
', Jarg-ely bythe arrangement. '

» .T.he stock of both roads was-bound to advance \

when the'~news got out, especially that of the C.
3; F. Before the train reached Jersey City, Dick
was. satisﬁed that he had captured’ a good thing,

and that afternoon he left an order with the»_

little bank to buy 3,000 shares of C. & F. for his
account. I .- ,

‘CHAPTER XIII——Dick Gets the Better of Broker’
  ow ,‘ 'Stinton. .

Ever since Dick bought the 30,000 shares of Red

‘squirrel. from Broker Stintoit, that individual

’ ‘ hédVa5fSt.'y[‘0J_'l_ clesire,to_get._bac_k ,at.t1ieibo_y
 41 ..hi outof god

,of us.”

' and foluid t

of _money. Besides that, he hated Dick on I 

principles as a young upstart. He knew tit '

boy trader must have funds or he couldn’t

out the way he was doing, so he cudgeled

brain for some scheme to reach those fund

day or two after Dick bought the C. & F.‘ 

Stinton walked into the boy's office with a .

sumed look of friendly interest on his red face-
“Take a seat, Mr. Stinton,” said Dick.

you ‘come to apologize for what you called in

-your first visit some. months ago ?” — .

_ %tinton was rathertaken back by this re 0

and would have got into a rage again if It 

that he had a purpose in view. ‘ " 0
“I’ll ~al1ow~l was a little hasty in my rem‘ ‘

on that occasion,” he said, with a sickly smil

thought the matter had been forgotten .by

“I don’t forget treatment of that kind

,hur-ry. However, sincefyou acknowledge the
.were vhasty in your speech, we’ll ‘let them

drop for good. Now tell me what I
_yo.u.” . '
‘.‘Are you buying any more -mining stocks?”
“Not at present,” replied. Dick. ' . ‘ V 
. ‘flpcan offer you a good bargain in Cayot
tension. It's worth eighteen cents,. but I’ll

can ‘do

»go at ﬁfteen, as I need the money. . I’ve got 10

shares. It will be worth .a quarter next week.’*,_

Dick shook his head. He wasn't biting at '
‘bait. He wondered if Stinton took him for a‘
Suddenly an idea struck him. ,

“I’m -not buying» mining’ shares, Mr. -Stinton,
he said, “but I was just going nut to look"
some 0. & F. Would you like to sell me an-optzgﬁr
on 1,000 shares?" < ~ '

“An option?’ replied Stinton, looking hard
the boy broker. "I haven't done any business
‘options for a long time’. Is that the way yd

- huying stock?”

“Not as arule’; but I’d like to get 1,000 
of C.& F. that way, as I can't payefor the '
inside of ten days.” ’ ,

“Want it for a customer?” he asked.

"No. I want it for myself)’.

“What will you give for it?” . ,

“Seventy.-six.” replied ‘Dick, at a. hazard,

As Stinton‘ knew that C. & F. do.se,clj"'ﬂa.e
before at 72. and as he also knew it hadnit
as luizzrh as '76 in a year or more, it struck him _
Dick was a kind of easy mark. He ﬁgured tha '
could go. out and buy it for 72, which wouldjgi
him a proﬁt of $4,000, on the 1,000 shares

. .the..-inter'e.st_ on the $72900 invested for, he

days he’r.l have to hold it.
“I’ll sell you an option for 1.000 shares ;_
& F. at 76,” hesaid, “but you’ll have to pii

~ﬁve Der cent. deposit of the current value of

stock.” — _ r
d Dick. “Write out

Dick looked up the stock on the ticke
seeing that it was still 75, he ﬁgured out ﬁ’
cent. oi.‘ $75,000 at ‘$3,750, and then went .
safe for the «money. Stinton, after writing on’
option, ﬁgured out five per cent.’ on $72,000,
amounted to $3,600. ,  .'

When he counted» themoney the‘

._,hat_ it auioun ' $0.3

   

   
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
 
   
   
 
  
    
         
    
      
     
     
      
      
          
     
    
    
      
    
     
       
    

aaadea mistake in counting lhe money and de-
«wed to take advantage of it. So he wroteiout
eceipt for'$3,600, Dick looked at it.
old on, Mr. Stinton, I gave you $3,750, which
‘e per cent. on the current value.” .
thought I counted $3,600,” replied Stinton,
 g a-bluff to, count the money over again.
; _ boy has made a mistake in his ﬁguring,” he
bought. ,“I’ll say nothing, but give him a‘ receipt
{ $3,750.”
Accordingly, he altered the recei t and handed
 Dick. Theboy broker read t e option, and
‘thenjplaced it with his receipt in his safe, while
fistinton -returned to his own office. The broker
concluded that he need not hurry to buy the 1,000
hares to cover his option, as he didn’t believe the
stock would go up, anyway. It wasn’t till Stinton
ent over to the Exchange half an hour later
hat he discovered that C. & F. had taken on an
_ xpected boom and was then going at 77,_or
 oint higher than he had agreed in writing
 iver ’it_ to Dick.
He nearly had a ﬁt over it, and began making
nq 'ries. He learned that it was up to 75 when
made the deal with the boy. That made him
The boyvbroker had taken advantage of
»,‘for no broker would sell a ten-day option
_ only one point advance. While he was fuming
' fzéthe matter, C. & F. went up another point

ﬂ
U1.

"When he saw that he was twice as mad. If
bought now he would be out $2.000. If he
‘n’t buy he might be out twice that or even
 Still, ten days might make a considerable
’ ’ ”ge in the situation. The Erica might be
again by that time. .But e realized that
_; lle ten days was the limit of the option, the
 not obliged to wait that long himself be-
calling for the shares.
half an hour it was going at 80, and then
»  learned there was a rumor current that
"e" road had‘ been bought by the P. & Q. It was
‘ly a rumor as yet, but Stinton knew if it
‘med out to be .true, the price would go still
' her and stay up. That possibility gave him
aénnther cold sweat,'and he rushed out of the
tchange and chased around among the brokers’
emcee trying to ﬁnd 1,000 shares.
He found aptrader who was willing to sell him
shares at 82, and Stinton bought them, -‘but
.couldn’t »get.any,more. C. & F. didn’t go any
gher than 80 that day, but Stinton failed to get
the other 500 shares ‘he wanted. .About four
nielock he burst in on Dick like a roaring lion as
the boy was on the point. of going home.
ﬁggou young swindler!” he roared. ' “Give me
« I no option.” .
'/‘,‘Wh:t’s the matter .with you, Mr. Stinton?”
 Dick, coolly.» “Are you rbreaking out
‘again?’’ ‘
‘I’ want that option. You took an unfair ad-
, age of me in the matter. You only gave me
-“756‘for it and I ought to have got 80,” he said, in
ugly tone. '
ygaveyou what you were willing to take. I
,_a "t o‘ﬂ"ering‘any more than I could help. If
Nu think you took too little that'~1sn’t my fault.
' osed that actrader of our age and experi-
‘*% 'tyou'were’a out when you made

  

w

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   
  
  
   
 

DANDY: DI'CK_,\’_ THE BOSS, BOY BROKER

' Stinton.

 

_ “I. thought the stock was going at 72 at the
time instead of which it-was ruling at 75.” 7 
“I'm not responsible for what you thought, Mr;
I took the price off the ticker when I
calculated the ﬁve per cent. deposit. You must
have seen ‘that I ﬁgured the current valueat
75 from the deposit I gave you. Fiveper cent,
of $75,000 is $3,750, which was the amount I, paid
you, and I hold your receipt for it. If the price
had only been 72 I would only have given you
$3,600. If you made a mistake in your calcula-
1710113,: I don't see how I’m accountable.” »
Stintonmopped his red face and 'didn’t know
what to say. ‘ ' ‘ ‘ ‘
The receipt _was against him, for it showed that
the boy had given him the correct amount of the
current value at the time. V
“Well, let me out of it for 500 shares at 80, and ,
I’ll give you the other 500 in stock',” he said.  3‘
“No,” replied Dick. “I look to see C. & F. go .
to 90 in afew days. When it does, I'll call on » 
you for it."
“Confound you!”
want to bleed me?” ,» ,
“Why didn’t' you go out and buy the 1,000
shares at 75 after you made the deal witheme, .
then you would have made something out of the '
matter?” J
“I couldn’.t get the stock anywhere. All I've
been able to buy is 500 shares, and I had to pay
82 for them," replied Stinton, mopping his ,face’
again. - _ -
“ ell, Mr. Stinton, I’ll~be easy with you. I'll
let you out now for 85. -Give me your check ‘for C.
$12,750, ‘which includes my deposit, and I'll /re- '
turn your option.” V »:='
“Why, you young" puppy!” roared the broker. 1.
“Do you expect me to hand you over 8. proﬁt of E ’
$9,000?" .. .  =
“You don't have to. You can take your chances
on the option if you prefer. But I think you’ll
save $5,000 by taking meup.” ». ~ I
Stinton uttered an imprecation and shook’ his
ﬁst at Dick.- ‘‘
“Don’t get excited, Mr. Stinton.
places a man at a disadvantage.”
“Wel1, sir, if you are not wi ling to do business, .
I can’t make you. In fact, I prefer that the option - _i
should run. I was merely letting you down easy‘.
Now if you Will retire, I will go home,” said Dick. -
“I’ll get square with you, you little monkeys-M
doodle,” snorted the trader, picking up his hat
and jamming it on his head. “I’ll do youfup "
some day.” ' '— ' 
Dick smiled, which so enraged Stinton that he '
ﬂew at Dick and threw him down on the ﬂoor.
He would have executed an Indian war dancébn
his body but for the appearance of Bob Archer,‘
who entered the ofﬁce atthe moment. Seeing how
things were going, Bob "rushed forward and pulled
the angry broker back. Dick got up. ‘ .‘
“Leave my 0 ce, Mr. Stinton, and don't you‘,
ever come in here again,” he said, indignantly.
“You are no gentleman——no, not half a one, When
I get ready to call for that option I'll turn it over
to a friend of mine, and you’ll have t’oc.ome'up
with the stock or the market price at the ti e.
Now get out, 0,1‘ ,I’ll call the janitor and have "
thrown‘ out, you great brute)’; .* ,
Stinton made a move to,’-rush} at _!D‘ I

‘snorted Stinton. “Do you

 

It always: 

  
    
    
  

’1;‘he:b%y jseizect a cha.ir”_»to» 

 
 
   

 ’.'I.‘h,en the broker, shaking
turned and left the room.

_»began to .wonder who he was.

1

 DANDY i>IoK,_ "rHij3 _BOSS nor BROKER

his fist a't'Dick again,

"CHAPTER XIV.—“Dandy Dick, mi; Boss Boy
. _ Broker.” ' — 0 i

_ Two days afterward, during which time Dick
did not see Broker Stinton, official notice was giv-
.en of the purchase of C. & F. by the P. & Q. The

* stock rose at once to 92. Dick immediately ordered

the bank to sell his 3,000 shares. At the Sametime

‘he went to’ a broker he knew and told him to
, sell the option he held on Stinton, at the market
' value, plus the $3,750 deposit. The broker readily
‘sold it, and Dick made the difference between 76

and 92, . or $16,000, and Stinton was ‘out that?

much .when called ‘on to redeem the option.

,Dick’s proﬁt on his 3,000 shares was $60,000,
"adding the $16,000 proﬁt on"the option

deal, he

cleared altogether $76,000. ‘ W '
With a cash balance of $48,000, and his 5,00

Red Squirrel shares, now worth eighty cents a

. -. share, he was worth altogether $128,000 after he
-' got a settlement with the little bank.

, In, some ways the news got out that Broker
‘Stinton had been caught in an option deal by a

boy broker on the ﬁfth ﬂoor of the Century Build-

ing, and the fact aroused the curiosity of the

-;traders of the Exchange.

Very few of them had heretofore heard that
2 here‘ was a boy broker in the Street, and they

. It soon developed thatthe young trader’ was

Anonmother than Dick Havens, generally known as

Dandy Dick, the former messenger of. Frederick
Guitis. ,
f .,“Let’s go and call on’ him,” suggested a broker

‘to a group» of his friends.

.-The others ‘agreed, so a delegation forthwith

.associa_te ‘Dandy Dick, the Boss Boy 
I baptize. thee,” and the speaker held -his‘

r -over Di'ck’s head and let an inch of ashesf

d

’ shear.”

, him 1”"

took its way to the Century building, and locating Q

Dan y Dick’s°ofﬁce, burst in on him.

 “ ello. Dandy Dick,” cried the foremost of ‘the.

0’ visitors, Broker Ashcroft. “so you’ve gone into the

brokerage business,.eh'.’” _ .
«“Yes, sir. Help yourselves to seats, gentlemen,
anywhere you can find 'a roosting spot. Glad uto

‘see you all. ‘Here's a box of cigars, help your»-

selves to them,'too.” _
' “‘How are you making out?” asked Broker Hep-
urn. ' ' ‘ -
'51 have no kick coming." repliel the, lm._v.;
, ‘ heard you pinched Stinton for $16,0.00'on an
ption deal,” said oneof the callers; , ~
 “I rather think he pinched himself,” laughed
' '. . “I oﬁered him the chance to get out at
bout half that, but he spurned my suggestion.
if he -has to eat any snowballs before spring
mes on. it will be his own fault.” —
‘Say, don’t=you tl1ink"_vou’ve got a irreat nerve

,.1;q start out as a broker ?”_ said Ashcroft. ‘ "
. . “Perhaps so. but nerve is my strong point.

‘No, I_.think dress is your strong point, As‘ a
ssenger you got the name of Dandy Dick.

 w we’ll have to ..call you Dandy Dick, the boy.
mm‘)? . . o _ . ' '

D “Bettercall him the bossyboy broker,” laugh?‘
i  suggested Hepburn. ._“Any boy’ who’ can
la; 7 option deal like he did, is the boss _of.his.

98

_ said Woods. .‘

his hair. .
“Three cheers for Dandy. Dick, the

Boss

,Bi-oker,” _ shouted another broker, amid

_la1ighter, and the che_ers‘7were given with a’ '
‘ Gentlemen,” replied Dick, “I thank 1 you

‘ the honor, and will endeavor to hold my end;

“Every broker is supposed to have a 
of shears in his office to clip ﬂeece wit ", i 5%
Hepburn. “We are all anxious to see 'yo’urs.,

“Sorrg gentlemen, but I havevsent it ,out..to
sharpened.” f v _ "
.-“Whose. ﬂeece did you dull it on?” ask
trader named Woods. _ . ' ‘

“On Mr. Stinton’s. It was very tough ﬂeece
”‘ This reply, was received with a roar of laug
for all the traders knew that Stinton was a
nut in his way. "

“Have you had
asked Hepburn. V — p _

“Some months ago,’j replied Dick. “He.wg;
Eeptleman fromthe wild and woolly West 
William Minturn, otherwise known as Rip‘
mg‘ Bill.” V . ~

“He musthave b_een»a vcorker.” , 

_“No, he wasda rmner and prospector,”- answe,
Dick. without a smile. — , _ a

“Good!” cried Woods laughing. I .

“Did you make anything out of him?” "
I-Ienburn- V 5 ' 

your ﬁrst customer . ‘ye

“Red Squirrel, eh?. That’s worth eighty "can
now.” said Ashcroft. “How much did yoiigg-e’t;i

“I got nearly all there was in the Stre ' ‘ '
000 shares.” ' ’ 0 ~ _ 1," W.“
“He must have had inside news about the stiﬁef
in the mine.” ’ '
“He did. Who do you suppose I got most of‘
Red Rquirrel from?” ’ ' . Ii
“We neyer could {guess.~ Who?” asked ‘

burn. , -
.“"'r. Stinton." , .' 1
“The diclrens you say! How much did you
from him ?” '
“'I‘hii;ty thousand shares". ' . ,
“Whew! He must have been wild whens‘
»ne\-vs 0+‘ the strike came out.”v ~
“T judge that he was.” -
“Say. you must be Stinton’s hoodoo. If I

him. T wouldn’t do ‘any more business with«yo‘g%

h_“l§’=. won't get the-chance. ’I’m ‘through
n im . ‘
“Why? Did you have a run in over that 0
deal ?” ‘ » ‘ ‘ .
V “qomewhat. He lost his temper, threw me.» 2
and Was 205"»: to dam-e‘a1I over me with his ;
pound weig-11+ when a friend of mine. came in»
saved me. When a man for,gets.hin~..=elf s
as that. I consider it’s;time‘to draw,the‘ l‘ ‘
draw it. hard enough to keep him eta ' .
r "The broker: agreed with,him, and sonnﬁftev

crowdtookth l . _, . -

é#i<§f,th.e§oth 

 DANDY DICK, THE Boss BOY BROKER’

him-—-“Dandy Dick, the Boss Boy Broker”-
uiw Don known all about the Street.
A  newspaper men heard about it as a matter
__ course, and one of them came up to see Dick,
' _ _ucing- himself as the representative of the
“Bail . _-——-—." D
 had a long talk with Dick and then went
‘ after taking a picture of the young broker

:of the paper had a page devoted to “Dandy
yiekgi the Boss.Boy Broker.”
The writer gave him a ﬁne showing?up,. and
 he was the smartest boy in Wall Street.

,3 » fact, he said so many nice things about Dick
that the boy guessed he must have had a pipe‘
gﬁfe-am after leaving his office. ‘

Eve, body in the boarding-house read the story,
, l r that they persisted in calling him
' 1?, Dick, too. ' -
Dick bought half a dozen papers and mailed the
giaeazine sections to his folks on the farm.
e of them were immediately put in circula-
, _i,'hroughout Pugwash, and the story about
 Dick created a sensation in the village.
The post-mistress cut the page out and pasted
_ up.in the post-oﬂiceand general store so that
rat y who came there could see; it.
For awhile Dick was regarded in Pugwash as
,e most famous perspn in Wall Street, for the
 folks reasoned that one had 'to be some
gliiiplcins to get into the newspapers, especially
jthe extent of a whole page. _

‘ ‘we publication of that article did Dick a lot of
 excited the interest and curiosity of a lot of
pie, particularly those who speculated in the

et. W

. any of them called to see him, and as an ex-
 for their visit, gave him an order in a small
we for some stock they were aboutto invest in.
" s the orders came. in he sent them to a
riendly broker to put them through on a half
eommission basis. ~
’ He concluded to get a cle!'k—some elderly man
who. was well up in the brokerage business.
’ Soghe advertised for what he wanted, and se-
‘ureda. man of sixty years, an ex-cashier, who had
"retired from the Street some years ‘since, but
 with hard luck, had to go to work again.
He agreed to coach Dick in all the points of the
usiness of which the boy broker was ignorant,
and in return-Dick gave him a good salary and a
 5.011‘
” At his suggestion, Dick inserted a standing
udvt. in several of the ﬁnancial papers, and this
D" on brought him a. lot of inquiries through the
In ‘order to interest his correspondents, he got
ﬁg} daily market letter, had it typewritten in
" ifold at a public stenographer’s, and mailed it
e people out of town. _ .
e’ began getting‘ orders from the speculators
as country, and in the meantime his city trade
D on growing.
ed many ladies enrolled themselves as his
ears, and he decided he must get a regular
vfrooims‘ if he could‘ ﬁnd suitable ones. ,
' W the building, he
in 

above would be vacant on the first of May, thirty
days hence. . " - l ‘

He went up'and looked them over. - "

He found they would answer his purpose nicely,
so he leased them for the year.

All his customers were notiﬁed that he would
move into more commodious and better offices on
the first.

The ladies were told .that one of the rooms
would be specially ﬁtted up for them.

When he mo’ved into his new quarters. which he ‘

furnished up in ﬁne style, he induced Ethel Gray

to come and work for him as his stenographer._; 

putting her in his private office.

The counting-room was . so arranged that it ‘ p
opened on the ladies’ reception-room as well as on —

the men’s. ~

He had'a ticker’, placed in each room and aﬂ 2' 

third one in his private office. -
When the news circulated that Dandy Dick had.
a new oﬁice, and a bang-up one at that, he had a
string of broker visitors right away. .
“Upon my word,” said Broker Hepburn, “you

‘are the Boss Boy Broker now, all right. You’ve‘

come to the front quicker than anybody I ever saw
before.” - ~ 7

_“And I'm going to stay in front, too,” laughed
Dick. “One of these days you will see me -in a

front office down stairs, or in some other build- j ’.

ing.” .
His genial manners made him more popular
than ever on the Street, and there was no doubt

but just as soon ‘as he came of age he would be j

welcomed as a ‘member of the Stock Exchange
with open arms if he could aﬁord the price of a‘
sea . ' ‘

And so his business grew from month to month

and year to year, until to-day Dick is one of the I

big traders of Wall Street.

He has a ﬁne suite of offices on the second ﬂoor‘
of a skyscraper, and employs a dozen clerks, with

Bob Archer as cashier and manager.

Ethel Gray gave up _her position as stenogra-l _ _
pher to become his wife and the mother or a f‘_ 4

juvenile Dandy Dick.

\

Next week’s issue will contain: “CAUGHT:

CANNIBALS; OR,  TREASURE OF 
LAND OF FIRE.” .

  BSA D8 GOING .

Make Secret Investigations A
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. ":2
Fascinating work. Excellent rm.’
nity. Experience unnecessary. artic-
ulars free. Write: . p   i

4. V GEORGE R. WAGNER
i . Detective Traivzzngl Be’ Mine
2150+“ * New: iferﬁ

One of the first clerks Dick hired to assist 
elderly manager and cashier was Bob Archer, and ;
he Sf0O1tl had to get a second one, business came in’ —
, so as . , 

   MCNARCH No;

 i it The’ Boy.  of Fairdale

By Gaston Game
I (-A:Seri’al.Story.),
ACI-IAPLTER 'xv1.—_4(coq_mnue¥d)

,—‘The:-police captain gave areal start. He

 at Will and then at the ~sergeant. Then V ,
at S _ . .. . I ,

3 . .
You may showhlrin in, sergeant.”_

An right, 'sir.",” .

i he sergeant‘ V went out.

.

Will now arose, to

But Captain kDaly said: " ' '

‘.;‘/Will Norton, you will oblige me-by “remainin

here; I know the conversation this old scoundre '

is oingrto make, and I Want a witness to it.”
I ‘But will he speak while I am her??? _~ i
“Just.-, step behind that closet door,’ said the
ptain; “I want you to listen to allithat is saidf’
' Will could notrefuse the request, so he hid be-
A .the door. _ I
gust Dugdale, with ﬂushed face and arrogant
manner, -entered the oiﬁce.
'“.Ah, Daly,” he said pompously, “I have come
to see: you on an important matter. It IS a matter
privacy, sir.” ” I
..  is isvmy private office, Mr. Dugdale. Pray‘
1Iavexa~"seat.” r_ _ ‘ I ’
r «The banker w1ped’h1s
' 1:o’achair. .

‘-‘(suppose you thought you did a good‘ job last
1:, Daly, when you/arrested Mr. Clifford and
riends just outside the Fairdale Bank.” V

Excuse me, Mr. Dugdale! Were they friends,
yours?” ' I
~»“.Dan‘Cliﬁ'ord is a friend-ofmine, and a man
‘wealth and inﬂuence, sir.’ It was from him I
an chased the Red Creek Gold Mine. It is hardl

perspiring brow and sank

sphablg that he ''‘7‘’“‘‘’ began? wed in {ban  of my honor,’’’ renlied Vhe chief blandly.

”1)¥i;§iin Daly’s hand gaze §ever‘ left the face of
at cheming capitalist. ; s

The inference would seem posterous on the

* face of that,” said the capta1n.' “But how are
to judge a man who is caught in theact r,ed—A
d » -)7! . ’ I — '

’ hat’ is absurd. You did not catch him red‘-
‘ ‘n ‘ u

no: of his pals was already inside the bank.
‘d was in the act of following him.”
. e capitalist snapped his ﬁngers: .
Duly, you're not a. fool! This is your second
. in your‘-, present oflice, is it not?”

i _\ If I am not mistaken, I contributed
tevlargely to the fund which enabled the Peo-
2Party to elect you‘. ‘Now you know I have

’ e money than any man in Fairdale. Money
‘. :It is wortlra good deal to have me be-
Daly.” I ‘ . ' . i

'tical sensexryesi?’

‘is it,” said themagnate, rubbing his P

I knew yquyiweije cal» fellow of V sense;

i tcnance forward.

your business?’

"of one who considered the transaction done‘.

He had hardly done so when Aw I

You’ve made a little mistake, but then, it is.etia’y
enough to repair.” _ ﬂ . . V I ,
‘fWhat, do you mean, sir?” asked Dal 
“Perhaps I am a little ambiguous. C iﬂfo
his friends saw. cracksmen breaking intoth /  ,
You mistook them for the cracksmen and arrestatl
the wrong ‘parties. Do you see?”
Dugdale, owered his voice and thrust his co
For a moment therewaa
lence as the two, men looked at each other. '

them_under ini.sapprehension',' and that the‘
culprits escaped.” ‘ _ . y _ A \ I n
“It only suggested a iplausible method,” said
the capitalist complacent y, “‘I may even go ' ‘
ther and say that it will be worth: much to
¥re](l1,at.}thousia.nd oar mfcirfegeto llilave my friend 
or us ceare _o s c arge against , :
Now do the thing up handsome, Daly. You km

1

Dugdale arose with a chuckle. He bore 

Rﬁt
the policecaptain also rose. , Y,
_ _ ‘fMr. ‘Dugdale',” he said quietly,,_,,“Da‘n,(}l_iﬁo:¢d-,
IS a thief and a ﬁrebug, and he. isgoing to
dealt with to the full extent of the’ law, if I has
the power to do‘ it.”  e I  V4
I With an astonished expression upon his sh

face Dugdale turned about.

CHAPTER XVII.
I y A Visit to Mr. Wade.

"W-whatls that?” gqurgled the astonishedom
lionaire. “I rlon’t understand you. _' Didn-’t 
have a clear understanding?” - r I

“Yes, perfectly clear,” replied Duly quietly
understand you and now you understand. \

“Oh, I see.« ell,‘if the consideration was no
large‘ enough, name what you consider a’ fail‘
thing. ‘I can pay you well.” *“ ~ I  "

“You have not money enough to buy one ato‘ "

_ “'I'hat.
1s_all, Mr. Dugdaleu , It may be/true that you com
tributed to the campaign fund that put me ‘in,
oﬂice. But I am an honest man. I shall not break“
my oath. If a man of your wealth and standin
feels called upon to ally himself with thieves an ,
incendiaries that is not for me to criticise. But 4”
I: can assure you that the sooner you d'iséonn'ect
yourself w,ith such associates the better it will 
for your own good name.” I ' ' “

Dugdalefs face’ became swollen with a sudden‘,
fury. For a moment he glared at Daly with
anger. V _ 3 . ,

«Then he grew sickly yellow with apprehensio
and his anger gave way to fear. » I

“She here, Daly,” he said, in a truculent t,_
“you may be right. 1 We will allow Clifford isa
you say. Ivlehas it in his power to ruin .me.. 
am ‘compelled to, stand by him. ‘ Now. you knows
that I am a generous man, and I can do_a  at
dealfor you. , I want you to. do this thing ‘st
fa“<I>r. It will save me,” i . I _  ,

‘,  very sor1‘y',for-"you, Mr. Du»g'd4B1e.,lJ
have only he courserleft’ pen torus.” I

   
  
 
    
  
   
 
   
   
  
 
    
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
   

‘Then you will not listen to reason_?’’

:?‘You have my answer.”

‘fConfound you. Jim"Daly!” gritted Dugdale,
5. shaking his clenched ﬁst. “I’ll break you for this.
',I’l'l'ruin you. I’ll hound you to the pooriiouse.
You reject my friendship and I’ll show you what
‘ foe I can be.”

 /The capitalist went out, closing the door hard
.,b_ehdind him. Captain Daly whistled softly and
. ai :, .

sf-.‘All right, Will Norton.” .

; e boy ﬁreman emerged from his‘ conceal-—

-' .“I did, captain." » ’ _
“Well, is he not an old villain? But is he not
n-.9. bad scrape? He admitted it. I tell you, this
ellow Clifford, whom he imported to do his dirty
ork, will be his ruin.” -

“Captain Daly, I respect you for the noble
tandV_you took,” said Will frankly. “In these
‘mes-few men are above the power of bribe.”

The captain’s eyes ﬂashed with pleasure.
“Thank you, my boy,” he said. “But I have a
pro alto make.” -

« ii at?”

A I "Let us go and have a talk with Mr._ Wade.-
’He will be interested to know all these facts. ‘It
will be a matter of interest at the new trial to

theprison. The Californian had found prison life
exceedingly irksome. _ V
'~.IVjI'e welcomed his visitors warmly, and listened
to.~the story as told him by the captain. Wade’s
eyes were ﬂashing. _
_» :‘~‘There’il be a turning‘ of tables soon,” he cried.
“You will see! This fellow_ Clifford will compel
_u' dale to defend him. This will implicate him,
ii at least ruin his reputation in Fairdale.”
;'‘‘We will not be content with that,” said the
.— police captain. “It must be shown that the ac-
liring of the Red Creek Mine" by" Dugdale
giilrough Clifford was a fraudulent game.”

illing to confess,” said Wade, shaking his head.
He would only do that if Dugdale went back
nhim.” C

,. “Well, we shall see,” declared Captain Daly.
At ,any rate, we have a clear case against Clif-‘
ord. He cannot escape justice. We will catch
" _Dugdale later.” _

~,“I hope so,” said‘Mr. _Wade.’ “At least I may
be admitted to bail. Wl’l1Cl'l will be a comfort to

V .‘I» will see Judge -Scott today,” said Daly.
‘Now that the affair has taken this new turn, he,
maybe induced to favor you.” .

It is needless to say that they left the Cali-
ornian in a more cheerful frame of mind. Wade
clasped Will’s hand at the cell door and said:

V “Look out for my dear ones, won't you, Will?

‘Take care of mother and Nellie. Just let me get

outside these walls again, and I’ll turn the tables‘
2:‘ Dugdale as sure as the sun rises tomorrow.”

’ Will left Captain Daly outside the prison. Then

is hastened to the engine-house of Monarch No. 4.

I-Ieffound. a number of the boys there and all

aged in talking over the thrilling events oi»
“e ight before. When Will entered ‘they greeted

'” witlVij=a_cclamation. -l ‘ . ’ 1

 

. _ ,,
.;FlAME« AND CAFORTUNLE WEEKLY",

- Wade.

’ dale met with a cool reception.

' mine had a rumpus, but that's nothin

- my dad, anyway.” ,

"“I see no way to prove that unless Clifford is '

to him and deﬁle her lips wvith a kiss,'but justat

 

“I-Iurrah for Will Norton!”
“Hurrah for Monarch No. 4!" * V V
Will remained at the engine—house for the rest .,
of the day with his comrades. No fire-alarm ‘;
rang, and so when dusk came Will started for
home. ' V
On his way home he saw a slender female ﬁgure V V
some distance ahead. It looked to him like Nellie" —
He presently became satisﬁed that it was
she, and he quickened his steps to overtake her. ..
But when some yards behind her he was given .
a start of surprise. From a side streetitliere ap- » _
peared Clinton Diigdale. . ~
Will had not seen the young villain for some"
time. 'He saw that he was dressed in a dandiﬁed }
way, and that he at once tipped his hat and I _,.
walked beside Nellie. '  '
Will could see with some satisfaction that Du ¥ ..
Nellie wou d 

-.

  

. .~,- :;.;..‘.a'gm. iv.

 

X

hardly vouchsafe him a word. - . V , _ ,
Suddenly at a street corner Nellie came to .a l '
shop, and Will heard her say distinctly: ‘ _‘- g
“I prefer to continue this _walk alone." ' , V
“Why are you so awful chilly toward me, Miss 
Wade?” asked Dugdale; “I know your father and =.
to do with
me. In fact. I am not the best of riendsfwith”, 

;>

“It hardly becomes you to speak so disrespect- ‘
fully of your father, sir,” said Nellie Wade coolly.
“Oh, pshaw, he's an old dufferl I didn’t like.-
his friendship for that Clifford. See here, Miss ‘
Wade, I rather like you. Suppose we become
friends. Of course I’m not just ready to marry’
yet, but we can be good friends, you know. What 
do you_say? I'll tell you what! I’ll make ‘in g
father intercede to have your dad let out of jailf
What do you say?” ' . .. _
Nellie Wade turned upon the young sycophant,
like a slender tigress. Her Western 'blood*~wa' ‘
thoroughly roused. .  .-
“You coiitemptible. conceited young puppy!
she cried, with justifiable wrath, “if you ever V
speak to me upon the street again, or offer me ﬁg;
further insult, I will call an officer of the law to‘ '
my aid.” ’ V .. V
For a moment Clinton Dugdale seemed stunned?

by her reply. » ..

In his sheer ._egotis he had fancied that She‘
would at once yieldt is proposal which, on the
whole, he hadconsidered a generous one. Hews
the son of a wealthy man. She was the’/daughter
of a man who was in jail. He. could not under
stand. ‘ . f N W

_“0h, say!” he drawled, “you needn’t geta, '
mad, don’t you know. You might do worseethan
take me. By Jove, if you were not so deucedi
pretty I’d cut your acquaintance for that. Bin;
like your grit all the same. It makes you all th
more charming.” , ‘ ’

Somewhere Dugdalehad read that the way
win a girl of spirit was to conquer that spirit. ‘ It
seemed a brilliant notiVon _to him. 

“I'm going to have you ’Just the same,” he crie
grasping; her wrists.-l T111 §how you that 14 any 3%
your master, and if_you won t give me your he rt
willin ly, I’ll take it by forge." . . 

An he tried to draw Nellie’s struggling age:

  
    
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  

 

    

that moment something happened which Dugd
never forgot. 5 ‘

(To be continued.) 9

 

 v -’ One Copy
4 One‘ Copy Six Moiitlis....  . " "

lo he car.

   V  

  = NEW YORK. MAY 13, 1927

si ie' Co ies ................ ..1‘> c B‘ » t
ﬁg ‘ ?.l‘hi-ee Months . ...' o8“age ‘Lee . 8 can 3

2.00

Qnc Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .  “ “ 4.00

Canada, $4.50: Foreign, $5.00‘

'_ VVHOIV TO SEND MON'EYj—At our risk send P. 0.
'_Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; reiiiittunces.
'.in,any other way areat your risk. We accept Postage.

ﬁtamps the same as cash.. When sending silver wrap

—‘the coin in a separate ‘piece .01‘ paper to avoid cutting

the envelope. Write your name and address’ plainly.
address letters to

WESTBURY 1?UBLISHING‘,.C0., Inc.
140 Cedar Street, New‘York City.

"FRED KNIGHT. Pi-es. and Ti-ens.
. B. W. MARE, Vice-Pres. and Sec.
‘ r I

;fltNTERESTlNG ARTICLES 

A SILENT CAR FOR RAILWAY‘
 railroad engineer in Sweden has designed‘ 9.

fr lw_ay~/motorcar said to obtain a speed of ﬁfty

iles an hour with no more noise than the click-
g ofthe rails. The ‘silent car has». an under-
rung ‘engine, entirely separate from» the frame»
Power is supplied to the drive wheels
.f mrn the engine by distinct sets of gears, all in
’ 'ultanéous_ use. . ' _ .

 BREAK IN USED CARS CARlii_FULLY

With» the possible exception of automobiles .

which have been employed as demonstrators, the

‘ares of the used car mart requires especial at-
tention until ‘they are properlysseasoned and as-
lsimilated to their environment. This may be a
‘ — idea in car ownership, but the need for bet-
ter service and care for used cars is as old as the
ﬁrst trade-in. ‘*

CRADLE ROCKING ART‘ TAUGHT BY
    -FASCISTI <  i 2 .
Teaching the science anduaitt oﬁ cradle rocking
:‘the principal function of the ‘Feminine Fas-
l organization in lRome, Italy, which ‘thin
' e years has mustered 140,000 members. lap-
‘ sanrl tomboys-are barred. from this “Army of
mm-ers'”.wh-ose members are taught what‘ to do
eir hands when babies howl instead of
do with their feet when saxophones 

noun PERSONS FED 0N7 oNLY=--$1 PER DAY“

ll’ N61-sway’ isin a ferment over acook book
itteri by Mrs. ‘Ester Meidell, a native of Swed-
v'vh'o married a Norwegian and lives at Kong's-
. . —, It contains menus for 0; familyof four at
otalcost of’-100 kroner (abqut_$jA'5) monthly-
’ ‘was challenged to prove it. She came to
and gave public demonstrations. Police had
ieai*‘“_he streets "of eager husbands and house-
d0'ctofs'.we1'e "appointed to _si_ipervise the
’ imam; an ‘ascertaiii, the‘ nutritive‘ Value of
vl£eidei¥’s'-dishes’ Th =ver:nct,fwas in her

I

rwo YOUN/ti SCIENCE . STUDENTS. AM

“How'll you have your eggs, sir?”

“Very good, sir. Iced it is.” = ,
And then when you get the eggs you Williiﬁsaﬂ
them plain fried. , - ' .

At least you will if Arthur Everett and"
Raife, two local students of science do the f
The young researchers have just completed .
elaborate course of study in the high school labor-

‘. “Iced.” -.

‘TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS _\

- atories with electricity that has given them 

magic power to turn the frigid waves of \

[heat suﬂ‘icient1y.strong to cook food.

They have set the town—-or that , rtion,
which has visited them in their ,la orato ‘°
talking by a demonstration of frying eggs‘ V _
a chunk of ice. It looks uncanny but the explah

“It’s easy. We simply build up electro 
netic ﬁelds around the ice, and these, by the .13 ’ ’
ess of induction. do the work?” - .-r

Easy? . - ‘
Well, suppose you try it on your own rei.
atorl ' l 

,LAUGHS

He—Give" me a kiss. She——I won’t. He,—1-'
shouldn’t say “I won’t.” You should. say “I
fer not to.” Slie~——But that wouldn't be true.

 Sa1es_man—50f course; we have Square an
rightpianos. Rural Customer-——That’s ‘est
1 wcfsnt fer my darter, mister—straig‘h , ..-
goo s. .

Mr. Gpﬁ--,-What side of the street do you
on? Witness-—0n eitherside. If you go
way it is on the right side; if you go _th '
way it is on the left. \

Discontented Artist-—I wish I had a fortune >
would never paint again. Generous Brother _Bi'iI&’
“By Jove, ‘old man! I wish I had one!’I’d"giwé§
it to you. ' N

“Yes, Hunter is really engaged to MiSS_R9G§iX
“So he was telling me. -He ‘says she’s not ‘
pretty, but she’s good.” “_Yes, good for a"mi‘
in her own right.” - - I, —~ .. ‘

the oiiice?
-l-—W_hen\ wil he be in?
Mrs. Naggs——Why can't‘. you‘ say?
Be_cause;'he told me not to.

ﬂice Boy—No, ma’am. “Mrs. N _
Oﬁice Boy’-—I can’t. "
Office ‘

7 Mrs. Nag? (at tel_ephone')—Is my husband

7 “What are you doing?” asked the jixstig-9,,

"the defendants counsel began his argument
.ing.to present our ‘side of the casa.” "1

want to hear both sides.” replied the Justice '
has -a tindency to‘ confuse the coort.” '

A-particular old gentleman, pulling so
out of his soup that should not have been in
among the othé1"‘ing§:]dients, thus add!-e
coolcz. “Josephine, ‘I ‘much obliged ‘
thou'ghtfu1ness.t§'ut the next tmie: '

_tom—einalock

   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
    
   
     
      

I" Indian Scout’s Capture A
7 ’  And Escape '

 In June, 1867, whil_e General: Custer, with his
' liver, in western Kansas, and the Indian War had
 -yobegun, I wasdoing duty with several others
as‘-a -scout. ‘ .
.' .1 On the morning of the 19th a young-.man named

«withthree others, had been hunting to the west
fus..and had been stampeded by the Sioux In-
‘diansj One hadfbeen killed, as he believed, while

ch taking his own course. Robinson had blun-
;l§1'ejd.i1pon our camp after riding all night.-'

“Custer was at this time hopeful of making
peace with the redskins, and the camp at the forks
-would be- permanent .at least a fortnight. It was

set out with-‘Robinson, after he had had an all-
(la3fs"'rest, to hunt up his stampeded companions
and bring‘ them in. ‘ .

We left camp just after dark, both of us heavily
;a-zvmeen. and rode straight to‘ the .west. As I had

  

     
  

witl1~'me,, but in thelcourse-of acouple, of hours I
Jmideéupt my mind that he had plenty of nerve--and
 depended on. As near as he could judge,
.h_is;;partygvas thirty miles westof the forks when

     
 

pede .
 midnight, after an easy canter of ﬁve hours,

halted, dismounted, and went into camp for the
emainder of the night, believing we were close
pon the spot where the hunters were attacked.
 4, Both of us slept from that hour until just be-
fore sunrise. A . ’ ~ -
“We had a cold bit ‘for breakfast, and had scarce-
mbunted our horses when we caught sight of
, carcass of a horse lying on the plains about a
oguarter of a mile away. V
 soon as we reached it Robinson identiﬁed the
nimalias having been the one he saw fall as the
, , mpede began. Its rider was a man named Mc-
.Henry. who had previously been employed as a
ivilian at Fort Larned. The buzzards and wolves
ad been at the carcass, but we made out that the
"rse had received three bullets and dropped. in
 tracks...

  

      
   

     
     

  

    

pd-L been riemoved.
ttacking party numbered ﬁfty.

heievred that all who dashedaway were pursued

*1-.;fn‘und»that none of them had been followed over
’ lv.f:a=niile; ‘ g , ‘

Had Mel-Ienry been killed or seriously-wounded

Xiéthe volley which killed his horse, his body

  

  

hurt. and taken away -‘a prisoner. ~
trail of the Indians led to the north,,_a,s if
 ‘i°or'tlvie»s:;)uth fork o!t.1h‘e‘;Platte River,'a~nd

    

 

 
  

as i I

    

FAME AND'roRTUNE‘ WElE:KliYil '

ommand, was at the forks of the Republican‘

.Robinsonrea.ched the camp and reported that he,

the, others had made a dash for it and scattered,-

ivith this understanding of the situation that I:

, danger.

ye;-..seen Robinson under ﬁre, I was more an.-.
xious than if one of my fellow-scouts had been.

washouts. We rode forward during the restlof the’

,_;S§ddl.e, bridle, and all other portable property,
Robinson estimated that the’
_ After half,an-'_
«r's_. search I put the number at ‘twenty. He

x

‘cum liavebeen founrhlying beside the carcass.-
Ass-‘zit ‘was; It reasonedthat he: had been’’captured .

atcautious pacer, At .thev'end / A on therleft teIf*Pie~:Wi$h.*1that;.birthxngrrk»
to‘ the spot-awhere;'the"iband had’, 6 U
‘ ’ ’ l ~ * 0 an‘ A

 

It was on the banks of a smalt creek in .a 
scattered grove, and. the ﬁrst thing we saw was;
the dead body of McHenry; The Sioux chiefs had .
declared the anxietyfor peace, and were profes-' 3 —,j
sing the greatsestofriendship for the soldiers. In- ‘
deed, Pawnee-Killer had visited Custer -to shake
hands and sign a declaration of peace. :

While the big chief was “hc-w—ho'wing” in Cus-U ~ ~»
ter’s camp and declaring his love for the white
man, one of’ his hands, only- thirty miles away,
was subjecting a hunter to the most agonizing ’ ,
tortures. They cut out his tongue, blew powder ,
into his body, cut off his toes, broke allhis ﬁngers» ‘
pricked him with knives, and _finally ended by» 
scalping him. . .

‘He must have suffered for many hours before. 7
death ﬁnally came as a glad relief. The- bodywas: 
not .Ve.t cold when we found it, and there. were;. '
evidences that the Indians. had not been gone" _,
more than an hour. - 

Of the two who stampeded and got clear, on
went’ to the northeast and the other.to the north’-;
west. Robinson. had held. due north, and thus
reached our camp, although he was not aware.of_
its location. _ g 

We tookup the trailvof the one going to“t_he’
northeast, believing that he was in the greatest ’

. He went at a wild pace for at least teni ' '
E31183, never seeming’ to have looked backnand’;
discovered-that pursuit had been ‘abandonedxforn
to have turned to. the right or the left, to throw
the redskinsoif his/route after» darknesscame. 1

‘ It took us three hours'to cover the'dist‘a'.nce‘*h‘e -
rode in one, and we expectedto see Indians at any 3.
moment. About twebié miles from the spot where .
we found McHenry’s horse we came upon that‘of~ 2 :.
Jackson, whom we were following_ to the north- 
east. «‘ V » : , 

< The wild ride- had exhausted the animal, as he?

fell down Jackson had abandoned him and pushed‘
along on foot. The animal was on his feet and",
grazing as we found him, but so lame’ that ’—he.
could scarcely move. We removed the saddie and.’
blankets, and found Jackson's revolvers in the
hostlers. * - _ - ’ «  ».

From this point we had no trail to guide us, and .
the ground was badly cut up with ridges and

UV

  
  

  

    

  
    
  

          
     
     
     
      
     
   
       
   
   

day, hoping to overtake the man, and neglecting
no precautionto insure our own safety. Just .at«»
sundown we followed a..,dry gully up a lbng'I‘1dgeI_
and debouched from it, seeing a sigh,t_Whl_(3h'fQi"
the moment‘ appeared .to -be anoptical illusion},
Therewere Indians on our right, on our left, inf‘
front, and I tumed. in my saddle to see’ othertln
dians closing in behind us. As We] halted» aﬁii
looked around us,'many_’of the redskms expressed
their h'umor‘by .gru_nts. They .had probably bee
riding to theright and.le1_’t of us for hours, a
hadtﬁnally formed thisrcul dewsac for us to. rid]
info. It -was rtalringv a great ‘deal of 'pains-‘ﬁfé
nothing, but the Indian sometimes exhibits’: 
queer vein, of humor. : They were not disappoifntedl
in thinking we wouldbe surprised. , :,  ’ '
—. It was -fully two minutes before a’ chief 
forward and sa1d"‘l\Iow-mow," and extended-fhiﬁ‘

     

  
  
      
  

  
    
  

       
     
        
   
  

hand to me, and as he did so the.w,hole.} ,
closed in. .1 am-so unfortunate" as .to.-‘be, 

  
    
 
 
   

a white ‘satin, the ‘spot beina_aslIei1*se é’

  

   

 My hat was well up and my hair back as the
chief came up, and the insta_nt_he noticed the mark
he let go my hand and said something‘ to those
crowding up. Pretty soon. he pushed in and
’,t(_)uche(l my face, perhaps thinkingthe mark to be
a,wo'und.or sore. Others did the same, and when
they ‘found that-_ it was a part of the skin they ex-

V pressed much wonder and reverence, .
While I had served as a scout only a few

f months, I knew considerable of Indian character,
‘ :m1d was not long in realizing that I had made a
hit. While no violence was offered’. us, we were
disarmcd,‘ and our horses were led behind the
‘ponies of the ‘Indians, as we moved off to the
east. We trav_eled- until- about midnight before

halting, and "then reached an Indian village _on ~

’ Soldier Creek. , ‘
As‘ we descended from our horses,’ Robinson
was led on by two wai-riors,,while I was conducted
’to the Wigwam of Red Trail, 21 sub-chief, in com-
mand ‘during’ Pawnee—Killer’s absence. I had been
’ “busy lanning during the ride, and had -made‘ up
I ,my, mind to pretend to be without the‘ power of
“speech. , .» . .- ~ .‘ . »
‘ I found opportunity to whisperto Robinson to

I I. pursue the same policy,'but unfortunately he’~had ..

 not the nerve to carry out the idea. The factof
‘his being captured brokehim all up. The recol-
 lection of what McHenry~must have suffered Im-

 

 

. , entreating as he was carried away. , . .
. 7 Red Trail closely examined the .mark on my
‘face, and was-as much mystified as the-others. I

V f ‘still ,.had awpower of reserve. Having served ”

7 7 through the war in the navy, it ‘was but natural

I ._that I should ‘carry a sailor’s.Pa§SP,0Tl3- .011 my left -

 3:1-m was a tattoo, representing ‘an anchoij. ,
 This was seen as two warriors stripped my
buckskin shirt off, to look for further marks. Not

an ‘Indian inthat “camp had ever seen_.a_nything

like the mark, ‘and when the examination had

. been completed I felt sure,_thatI was looked “P011

.Lwith awe and mystery, if not veneration. .

' conducted to a tepee and motioned to turn in,

‘and had every reason to congratulate myself on

‘the'plan I had pursued. Ihad. made signs that

1' could‘ not ‘talk; and the -inforrnation’ had been

a'¢¢‘gpte(l. _ ’ . , . . .

 Next morningvPawnee.-Killer arrived in the vil-_

lage. He had agreed to surrenderihis tiiibeand go

on a, reservation,. but it was bold-faced. lying.-on

. his "part. His very ﬁrst move was to order the

Vlvglagé to pack up: and move back about twenty

 consumed the entire‘ day». As‘ we were

ready to start I received my horse/co ride, and my
hands and legs were left,enti_re1y free. I saw

Robinson brought. out, and he was loaded down

with kettles and led by a rope. At no time during

the day was he near enoucrh to exchange a word,

"but on; several occasions I saw him kicked and

beaten by the squaws and_boys. -- -

‘ It was nine in ‘the evening before I was taken,

'm"the presence, of Pawnee-Killer. He seemed to

‘ve accepted the belief of the others, and In 1¢§S

 a quarter of ‘anhour waved me out of his

gwam. - i i

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
        
  
 

 

    

éﬁrs after. It was the belief of the Indians that
=fh9'.d.‘been -stru¢1:v,by.1ightnin_g. as I .Sl¢,Pt; anclvthatj.
‘ﬂuid’  liar the ty_zo».marks‘ to prove theft

         

I FAMIS . AND FORTUNE, TWEEKLY

treatment accorded him during the day did

, the signiﬁcance of the move,,but I then hen

-_Unable to. make up my mind what to do, I

lwastrnng his nerves, and I heard him begging and _,

I was

' as a sign that theymust not shoot. W'hen*thg§§_
, returned toftbe village and reported, it was 
—- that I-would go away, ancl-therefore -no.;or!g ' §

 It was ahout—t'-hree months after my-escape‘

‘ ‘may state-here what I learned two ‘or three.
. comes to see you often is just a .-tri_ﬁe.f-fast.‘ Da

  
  
  

«delphia. ‘ 

 

    
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
     
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
   

I was invulnerable. They further reasoned that
I lost my speech at the same time, and was 
fore an object of veneration. "

I was in nowise hampered or restricted, but
found shelter as soon as possible, and was-soon
asleep. I wanted to do something for poor Robin
son, but just how to do it I could not ﬁgure..Tli

augur well for the feature.

When morning came again I had a hearty break
fast, and then two old men, armed with only bo’w;i
and arrows, took me down the creek about a‘ mif
and then sat down on the grass. ,

" It was an hour or two before I could make‘

sounds from -the direction of the camp which saris»-J
ﬂed me that Robinson was being put to torture
. One of myguards. soon left for the-village, 
an hour later the other suddenly rose a.11d,5Wiﬂ1_1
out a word, walked away in the same direction’

mained where I was during the entire day.

. In later years I learned from one of the was
riors of the fate of Robinson. His tortures laﬁbéd
nine long hours. He first ran the gauntlet. 'The9.«.
he was tied to._a stake, and every formof mtﬂiﬂ’
ation which the ﬁends could invent‘ was 
on his poor body. — -  - «- _ ' ‘ _.
' .It was withigreat animation that my, informs
related. how -the‘ poor ‘fellow begged’ and 
untreated-'-what wonderful vitality he had#h
he could have ' been preserved an hoilr or *1
ionger had not everybody grown tired of 
spoi:_t. .It was Pawnee~Killer himself, freslrf
signing a treaty of peacg who exhibited the 
ﬁendish spirit. - ' ~._.;
- -I had a much closer callthan I knew. The 
old men who took» me outdoubted that I was
the others took I'l'1&'fOr'.‘“"Th83"l'l3.(l arrows made
purpose -to «killpwitches and keep oil‘ had, spirits,
and they weré'to‘t‘ake me off and see if thos‘ '~
_rows.would killame. V V
In going down the creek one of them eanﬁ
near stepping on a rattlesnake, and this was take]:

   

near me. .- . - ,
As night fell I started off tothe west, ezfpe ‘
every moment to be. overhauled, putting in atfg _,
twenty miles before daylight, and was picliéd‘-E
by a scouting partyof cavalry just‘before'noo”

fore» the Imlianslearned that I was a Governme‘
scout, andthat ‘l’.l1e_V had been duped. Red 
and Pawnee—K~iller then offered ﬁve ponies each: ,
the .warrior who should bring inmy scalp,_'?;ai56\
for the next year I was perh.-ms “wantei T’
than any other man on the rleins. » ' ,g'
It was a curious turn of affairs. that, while Red
Trail had no less than ﬁve of his best warrio
out on an expedition after me, lcrept into iii
camp one night and secured his own scalp-locﬁ"
riﬂe, and pony——andV got away._ ‘ ' ‘

   
  

  
  
    
     

V Mother-——I‘; am ,afraid that young man._‘..

tei‘—:—.Impossib‘le » ma mma!

      

  

 \ n
:

‘FAME? AND’ ,FoR¢uNi:.,wm:LY,

CURRENT Niaws

-BRITAIN TO WELCOME AMERICAN
A ~ TOURISTS

American tourists visiting Britain this Summer
"receive a warmer welcome than ever from
’ ‘erage Englishman. v ._
the result oflapplications connected with
Come to Britain” movement with regard to
j‘ icans the British railway companies have
 tied to reduce the fares for tours by 25 per
' I . .

a

mi . - __...._...___...»
CHAMPION HEN DEAD; ROOSTERS ALL
MOURN _ ‘ _ y .
. Perdue's proud roosters are wearing their ﬂying
Vbs at half mast and their feathered mates are
‘  ing with sorrow because of the passing of
 of the greatest bird re1atives—Lady Purdue—-
éliampion long distance egg layer of the world,
 succumbed to the inﬁrmities of old age at the
Purdue poultry farm. , _
‘ ‘ "dy Rurdue. almost eleven years old set a
 record which has never been equaled, 1,421
533* ‘

_fKl''.'1'‘_E‘.S CARRY BOY IN S200-roor FLIGHT '

eighty-nine-pound boy was recently carried

'rty'feet skyward by twenty-one kites and sail-

ed‘ distmice of 200 feet in Providence, R. I. be-

"crowd of 12,000 spectators at the ﬁrst kite-
tournament‘ staged in the East.-

’ _ ' kite aeron t is Samuel Perkins, J r.,

' Ive, even Hills. Seventeen Eddy

and four six-foot United States Navy mode}

 ass.
 .lifters- were used in the ﬂight.‘

MESSAGE IN BOTTLE TRAVELS T0 '

 . ISLANDS '
Abottle thrown into a creek in Southern Illi-
ﬂiis «eight years ago has been found on the coast
 Philippine slands, according to informa-

received‘ in‘Milton Junction, Wis.

‘The bottle contained‘ the name of Miss Leona
ﬂmith, with her address. and wasthrown into the
e"1‘eek._at Carnia. Ill. Missvsmtih had word frdm
arsoldiér in the Paciﬁc islands that’ he picked up

heebottle on the seashore there December 29,

/

» ml) FIGHTING; OFF CATALEPSY OF YEAR
ris Hutton. from London, the Chilwell girl
'lay in a trance for more than a year, is mak-
progress. toward recovery. is
e"h‘as,entirely recovered her sight-, is able to
e, her hearingis normal, but'she,has not re-

 SIACLOCCKS To BE RUN BY ELECTRIC‘

POWER NOW V p h
" men’ clocks thatihave given Parisians the
' ’e,_:Eo1; ;Eoi.:ty,years arebeing electriﬁed.‘
’ umati El}, 19
ge measure tor ‘gi

jsi seldom registered.
ovﬁ :

1.’

Paris the reputation of not having any two clocks ‘L

that tell the same time.
‘ The pneumatic clocks,

' _ perated  compressed
air, stopped Working at midnight upon the ex-

piration of a forty-year contract with a private“-__ 
company. Electric mechanisms are ready .‘f0i‘I' ~ _. :
them and when cables are laid in thevstreet ‘tire’ ’
clocks of 'Pai‘l9wil1 be regulated from the famous:
Observatoire. which ﬁxes time for France and its,

colonies.

NON-SMOKERS ORGANIZE SOCIETY IlI~l.ufﬁ _‘

‘ENGLAND TO PROTECT RIGHTS‘
Non—smokers believe they haven’t 'a..chance.iI'i‘

England_,,and they don’t like it. They have formed 
the National Society of Non-Smokers and have »,;
adopted a badge which all members are urged to«.“_‘._

wear as a warning to railway oﬁicials, cafe and
theater proprietors. . . '
“We shan’t appeal to the League of Nations‘, as

an ‘oppressed minority,’ ” declared a prominent ;

member of the society. “We are not a minority.
We non-smokers make up at least two-thirds of
the Dopulation of the British Isles, but 'we~a1'e‘
treated by the railways, cinemas, cafes and thee.
ters as if we did not exist.” T , ' 
‘ Men_ and women alike are ver generally _i]g1n~o
mg “No Smoking” signs in Eng and. Music ails-,

cinemas and even many of the ﬁrst-class legiti, "

nialte theaters permit pipes, cigars and'cig'are_ttes
a i e. c ~

But the non-smokers are now preparing“ 7"
“white list” of theaters‘, hotels and restaurants

which forbid smoking. ‘The society is alsomaki

{ an indignant protest a ainst the growth of t e_.
smoking habit among c ergymenv. ‘ * 4

/' %

PAINT IS A PRACTICAL
ION FOR WALL FINISHES
If you are building a new house and are in
quandary about how to ﬁnish it, remember the
age-old truth that in texture. and color. lie ;1:ru§
and lasting beauty- Your recollection will i
likely. lead you to a consideration of plastic V
d if you pursue your inquiry you will: that;
this material far exceeds your demand for beauty
of color. for charm of textureyand tor the express-
sion of your personality. A i * .v 
Not only._can you copy exactly the textures

sons

PLASTIC
T

the, old masters by .~ means of plastic paint,’  C

also you can reproduce the rare bui_1ding_ston'13
texturesywith absolute delity; again, youmai
enter the realm of the or ginal.

If your house is an old one you may summon
plastic paint to your aid by either making ‘
younger or older in appearance as you wish; on
can disguise. defective plaster; you can‘ coyeiv
woodwork or glass; in fact, you can Vcoa

surface.

The base of thisplastic paint is a white
der composedqof mica, casein. clay and amui
It ismixod in hot water until it a.rrives«.'a3:

« consistency otja heavy»paste._ I

a wide-edge brush and, is sp 
‘sired tliickness.g.Itris't on F

    
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
     
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
   

 

’ uNIoN PROTESTS H'AIR CUTTING BY
 I ‘FIREMEN I

 

,' fsociatioii in Detroit, Mich., has ﬁled a protest with
'_‘the ﬁre commissioner because city ﬁremen [are
~ ‘cutting each other’s hair without licenses.

,, , STEAM AIRPLANES PLANNED IN FRANCE
_'  f, Britishaviation experts are wondering whether
 steam airplanes may not be the next »g're‘at~ ad-
3 Vance in the problem of .ﬂight.

qA close watch is being kept on experiments in
 >F,rance where Henry Robert, a Frenchinventor,
gclaims to have invented a light-weight steam-
: engine plant suitable for use in airplanes.

 VIVID-HUED COATS ON EVENINGS OUT
5 ’ , URGED FOR MEN

,, Time-has come for men to wear violet, blue or
_-plum colored dinner jackets—frequently—in the
«view of Eugene Marsan, contender for Andrede
~-‘Fo'uquieije’s “title” of masculine fashiondictator
of: Paris. .

C The dress suit has had its day, in Marsan’s
"~op~in,ion, and should be replaced by the dinner
jacket, which he describes as a handsome. and
'- Lcpmfortable thing if worn in “proper” colors.

{I

_ VENICE BUILDS BRIDGE IN HONOR OF

.. j » Y SOLDIERS

»Already a city _
anals, Venice is to have another bridge of noble
design in memory/of her fallen soldiers.
.Two iron bridges across the Grand Canal have
, been condemned on artistic grounds. These are
-* near the station andacademy. The academy one,
Q l§"h3.S_ been decided, is to be replaced by a graceful
tone bridge as a war memorial.  I

i-CBOSTION PLAI~l_S STUDY or TRAFFIC
 CHANGES I

 

 
 
 
    
  
  
 

   
   
 

  

   

    

   
       
  

"The ﬁrst scientiﬁc attempt to unscramble one

ems in the United States is soon to get under way
' " Boston, where the city ‘council as appropri-

  
  

'the,m'et_ropolitan area under the direction of

 :1 ch. A ’
Thereongestion of street traiiic has for the past
séverali years been one of the most serious muni-

f_ﬁc- problem is considered to be particularly
iiﬁcult because ‘of the city’s notoriously narrow
‘ I crooked streets. ‘

 
         
  

WER TO ‘CONTROL BLOOD MAKES. PIN-
,. _. ~ , CUSHION OFBOY _ H _
Warren Smith, seventeen, says he is a human

ushion.” ‘ _,

“little while_a;ro' the -youth discovered he could
st" pins and needles through his cheeks, arms,
deg ‘and ’ot.}-ier portions of his body _With harm

 

   

  

with sharp _pointed"‘instru ants and

we 1‘¢@¢31‘ﬁ3%§§lie‘¢'3iBi:

  

0%?

 erliiis ZAND :FORTU‘NEv  I
 i    ‘ TIMELY TOPICS

 

_ the ﬂeshy parts of his parmppwithout losing a'\'il_rH'

The secretarv of the local Master Barbers’ As—  blood, from anv member at Wm;

" the ability to control involuntary functions, and

v the pretense that it is actually a cast-oif of some‘

among the Row’s customers. —

of many bridges over her 150'

' hair, Mr. Bernstein said he believed, would show

ithe most complicated and difficult traffic prob-_
ted, $25,000 for ca. comprehensive traﬁic survey’
Albeit Russel Erskine Bureau for Street Ti-aﬁic
iyal problems in Boston, where solution of the-

Hauy, their leader, showed them how music iiiigliiﬁr

Twain little or no bleeding‘. He began to rarﬁ’
0'9 .

thrust a~1ia.‘rn—' gcausegthe
“ it h — ’ he.

of blood. ' »

Smith claims he can‘ stop his pulse, or draw’
_ While theiblob
is absent and the ﬂesh pale white, he inserts an‘
removes the pins and needles. ‘ ' ‘

Physicians express the belief the youth is on
of those rare and abnormal people who possess

that through this unique faculty he actually does’
halt the ﬂow of blood.

PIRATES INVADE MEN’S STYLE RO_Wj

Pirates have invaded Savile Row, the Mecca -o
the well-dressed Londoner.  ‘;

The intruders stitch a Savile Row label into _
cheaply-made suit and dispose of their output ‘to
second-hand shops which charge a premium under

wealthy individual. The Prince of Wales and’
Prince Henry and others of the nobility car

The chief pretext, as set forth in -the displa"
windows of the second—hand shops, is this: I 7

“This suit was not required by His Lordship
who has gone into mourning.” _ , :

RACE DETERMINED BY HAIR .
Human hair betrays race, nationalities, se
and probably age, the ‘American Anthropologicﬁ
Association of the Central United States was i
formed at its annual meeting in Chicago, Ill., b .
M. R. Bernstein, of New York City, a student 8.‘ ‘
the University of Chicago, who has concluded d "
tailed experiments with hair"'?)f all colors 9:1’:
grades. ' , ,
An Irishman’s hair. for instance, has different‘.
weight than an Italian’s, and an old Irishman’:

      
  

   
 
   

a deﬁnite difference from a young Irishman’s.- .-

This discovery has considerable importance i_
the realm of physical anthropology, Mr. .Bernstein
said, inasmuch as researchers may now have ha:
toiworlc upon as well as skulls.

      
    
     
    

 

1,200 BLIND FRENCHMAN PROFESSIONAL
MUSICIANS V

Twelve hundred blind persons earn their Iivi '
as musicians in France, and among them 8
players of note. 2 ,
These blind musicians were educated in th.
National Institution for the Young Blind. They.
were taught to play for distraction, but Valentin

1%

   
  

       
    

make them independent. _
‘Eight organists of large Paris churches, includ
inq Notre Dame,'are blind. There are amo
these several composers and many conductors‘ 6
small orchestras. . ' i
The old theory that the blin have a pecuﬁax‘
aptitude for music, say directo s of»the.scho5o
has not been pijovedby their ex’ erience, but 37.‘
have found that the blind do wel in music,;?
al_3l.V'.because ‘they _ are al ‘.9150’, concentrate mad!
. i‘1‘.‘miSf61'3Ini’§f,‘ wars.‘

      
  

  
  
          
  
 

    

      
    
   

      

 
  

     

   

  heme and Fortune  weeiay 

— Latest

.1681 A Waif’s Legacy; or, How It Made a Poor
1 “ Boy Rich. -' ‘»

Fightiiig the Money Kings; or, The Little
‘_ . Speculator of Wall Street.
.1083 A Boy with Grit; or, The Young Salesman
‘ _ I Who Made‘ His Mark. 1 '
‘"984 Ted. the Broker’s Son; or. Starting Out for

. Himself. .

1085 Dick Darrel’s Nerve; or, From Engine~
‘ House to Manager’s Office. .

 Under a Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made
y  ~» a'Mil1ion in Wall Street.
K1087 Jgzlﬂs Fortune; or, The Strangest Legacy in
' ’ the World.
 Taking Chances; or, Playing for Big Stakes.
11089 Lost ;in the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
Turtle Key. ‘ . T -_ A
1090 Ten._..Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who broke
. j the Wall Street Syndicate. .
1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name
‘ ’ . For Himself.  ’ .
092 Fox _& Day,_Brokers; or The Young; Money
  ' Makers of Wall Street.
‘£693 The Little Wizard; or, The Success of a
 Young Inventor.
~ 094 A Young.’ Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
' Fortune. ‘ ‘

.1095. Banker Barry’s Boy; or; Gathering the Dol- '

lars in Wall Street.

’ 96 In the ‘Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast- ‘

‘ _ aways of the Mystic Isle.

V Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
998 After the Golden Eaosles; or, A Lucky
; . Young Wall Street Broker.
099 A Lucky Lad; or, The"Boy Who Made a
  y ’ Railroad. -Pay. 1 I
00 Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the
Wall Street Money Market. 1

V11l01v.Dick, the Boy Lawyer; or, Winning ya Big

Fee.

102 Broker‘ Dexter" New Boy; or, A Young In-
.. . meant in Wa Street. '-
;,’11o3 From Mill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy’
-, Who Became a Steel Magnats.
04 Three Grand «Speculators; or, The 1- Wall

* 1 1 Street ‘Boys’ Syndicate. ‘

I snlelby all newsdealers, or will be sent to any acldrese on receipt ‘of price, 1 cents per
meneymapostnge stamps. ; T . . e  

     wesTBuRY..PQBk1$H1NG C0}.

Issues-— .  e 1

1105 A Stroke of Luck; er, The Boy whole 1
Money in Oil. 2 ‘

‘1106 Little Hal, the Boy Trader; "or, Picking 

Money in Wall Street. 1 S

1107 Onth side it; ,Th T 4}
. Strsndgd S11??? or e reisure °f~'°h"

1108 Lliirlorlvléyltgzaévéléirket; or, A Boy’s Big Dee
1109 T1-adi T ; , Th .3 » 1 ;.
Ex'el;§Ithi:;r°§ ‘Or e oy “.0 Bought
1110 Favo -ed b F t ; ' ,\Th V S
 :.v.u=’e..:.::.'"‘~' °’ +* 
1111 Jack J-asper’s; Venture; or, A‘Canal Route t
' Fortune." 1 » ' -

1112 After Big Money; , Tu. -~ eh
on the Wall Street? 1l3rokerrlsl.ng Q? fram‘

1113 A_§g;11négd Iﬁ1i:nl%e,1;yKIi}1Ix)r; or. The  A  
1114 Ralph xRoy’sRiches; or, A Smart Boy “Rn
of Wall Street. _ ‘  ..

1115 A Castaway’s Fortune; “or, The  
Pirate’s Gold. , ‘

1116 The Little Money Maker‘; or, The
Street Boy Who Saved the ll/_Iarke3t.“”

11177Rough and‘ Ready Dick; or, A Young 5-,;
press Agent’s’Luck. » . 1- .

1118 Tipped. Off" by Telegraph; or; Shaking
the Wall Street “Bears.” * ' ’ "

1119 The Boy Builder; or, The\Rise of 3 .y ’
‘ Mason. 1 'V 1.

1097‘ Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds: 01', The  1120 Marty’ the MeS’5en.ger;i°r’ Captutil.

in Wall Street. ‘

1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The  ‘ii
A Boy Merchant. ‘ 

1122 Digging«U‘p Dollars; o2‘,i'I‘he
Young “Bull” Operator.

1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Burigd:T as '
of thevlncas. ‘ ‘ 

 brief ‘

:1124 Theyold Br‘oker’s"Heir; or,l The .35;

Won In Wall Street.

1125 From,Farm to Fortune; ior,._',I‘he 
Made Money,-In Land.- , V

-Dxme.

2 112s’R'u'ggea Rob of Wall Street; or $50,059.
a — , v

.1127 The’-Boy Railroad Magnate; 014, me‘

, tract That‘Brought a, Mxljmn.

A

