My  ,. V V . . ».‘n7.- 4v  c , I i -. . '. /A:»,:.7</‘(iii-r. l;v>'1i<i»i ix :~".\'1'VH, 79x51; 5}:

N3. 529 M” i NE\>V__YTORl(h,i  &TTj1o,{§9o7.

Price, Eive Cgnts

They were inside a lofty cavern. the walls of which reflected hack upon them the rays of the
light as if from millions of gems.

      

 

NEW

l}{lll@lK§ @AR‘U‘l§IR
 s:KL 

‘  laud Whctly. By xubsmgotnbn Iaqoper year. Entered as Second-class Matler at the N. Y. Post Oﬁce, byS'riu:t-:1‘ & Surru. 70& Sc-unit Anna.
‘ JV. Y. Eater-ad according to Act of Gnlgnstin (5: year 1997.4’: Ila: Oﬂice n/ M: 1.a'br¢n'au of C‘ongr¢::. Waslaiugtou. D. C

No. 529. 1 . ' ‘ NEW YORK, February :6, 1907. Pa“ 1'-‘an cum.

 

     

he Index of Seven Stars;

‘ OR, I

Nick Carter Finds the Hidden City.

   

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

  
   

CHAPTER I. the library of my own home in Madison Avenue, New
I York City, not very far from where you live.
_ . :"I must explain at once that 1 am in the power of
 NICHOLAS CARTER: ‘When you receive this let- a person, .or of persons, concerning whom I know noth- -
 perhaps. bodead, for I am living—-if the life ing; whose power over me is absolute, whose \va_vs are
ye be7called= living—-in triontentary expectation mysterious beyond the power of my discernment, and
I ‘ 33' V I. I W ‘  p . \ who have rendered me not only incapable of resistance
‘date my letter, because I have ‘no idea‘ of s against them, but who have somehow stolen my met}:-
'-or. the day of the month on which I write; cry from me, until now it is only at rare interva1s.that
__ ve,I anp_;4'dea of the day of the week; I cannot I recall facts concerning myself at all. I have forgot-
! letter, for I have no idea in what part of the - ten my name-save that I was once called ‘Jack’ by
_ I  Respecting thevvseptwo points I can only some personwhom I loved. V
«. iv gently beyondVmyewindow~—that “This strange power that is exerted over me renders;
I  should dscribe as probably the the entirely unconscious of the lapse of time. indiﬁerent‘
pagan-—and that Itnrn imprisoned in ‘a sort as to my surroundings, even happy, I suppose, in 
ﬂnhuge, eastlelike building, which is in 3 ~ mandliive insensibility to tirne, place. circumstance, or"
is} ;s‘nrrounded_by lofty mountains; condition; but there are times when I suppose I amlleit
 so long a time that I to myself for too long an interval, and then a gleainai
  .lJ€8§ﬁj- My 1339 recollection breaks through the clouds. in which I ’
‘  I1k,ﬁ9W  enveloped, like sunshine through a lattice; at such:
‘ three I xernember.  so vague, so ~tlnO¢7ti§ﬂ. 
. . ' i ‘ _. .; e hazyngo  such times.I’am. "

  

  

A uvsrenxous LETTBP

    
   

    
     
   

     
      
   

  
 
      
     
  
    

   

     
  

  
   
     

    
      

 ‘ ‘’‘I‘r_nust make haste, for at any moment I may be in-
, terrupted and have to close this letter with abruptness;
’ and so I beg of you now, while I have the time, to try
to ‘understand me as well as you »'can from what I am-
able to indict to you here. And I beseech you to search
for me and to find me, if you can. It is a hard task, an
unheard-of task. that I put to you, I know; but it is my
prayer to you'that you undertake it.
“I cannot even sign a name to this letter, for my
name will not recur to me no matter how hard I try to

I I T9531] it. These ﬁends by whom I am surrounded have

stolen it from me-—have deprived me of I the memory
Ofit. _
“‘To-day I seem to have more memories /crowding

I  upon me than has been my fortune before since the first

' m‘9nths._9f my imprisonment; to-day I have succeeded
lit‘! recalling’ the fact that my home was once not far
from yours; it even seems to me that I knew you per-
so‘t1alIy—-that there was. an acquaintance between us———

5‘ Sand, strangely erpugh, although I cannot recall the numj
,  of the house where I lived myself, I can remember

.name and your address. But I am quite positive
that I was once called ‘Jack’; and so it may be thatzthe
"name. or my handwriting, 'or the recollection to you of
 disappearance of such a person about the time I
,’It’ﬁ':l:l1rnientioned, may occur to you, and that you will
 better than I do who I am. _
“I of you that you will not regard the contents
hf thisyletter as the wanderings of a madman. I am
, e.renough——now; it is only that I am beset -by a
 inﬂuence over which I have no control and
‘T ’ ‘nst which I have no powers df resistance.
‘in: surrounded by  conditions, stranger peo-
’  there is one among  who is sublime and
 wh0'is———F- I But I calmotfdescrihe her.
-iIVxet_,e»‘thoughtiof  in'e”with'?sueh strange
 that the pencil almost drops-.frorri my hand.
31!: despot, -the nrle‘r,e/the that is
Skids ‘so beautiful that -I catch.’ n':y,'b‘!éath‘when
 iszso terrible that 1 shudder 
' what ‘I think of her; andthere are {huge
 Janother—'—so— like thatji some-
iieonlyxpne.-after all. And tbereis one

"¢1Iti(i‘_¢b':ﬂI¢l'!x' in "although its
+ , ~ so old thIti¢D¢’_W‘0111t_i':f

’  in the

i

. 3.
. V 3-a§¢d’in‘~i$yriiin'g;‘s€», without lkngwiiig 3;‘. the}
" ‘i_s,;¢a

i

I New NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Sometimes, when the woman whom I have desig-
nated as the despot here——sometimes when she visits me

I lapse into a state of semiconsciousness, during which I  T

am aware of nothing at all save that I _walk about, that
the door of my prison~room remains open, that I.wan—
der among trees and ﬂowers in the season of them, and
that  am, therefore, somewhat at liberty.

“But it is a liberty of which I_know nothing, of which
I remember nothing at all after the interval has passed

more than J have already stated; nor do I know the‘ 
They may continue hours, -I

duration of these conditions".
or days, or weeks, or even months.
to that.

I have no idea as

“I ‘do not know if this letter will ever reach you, or, 

if it should go at all, what distance it may have to
travel to get to you, or how much time may pass before
you read it. I know nothing more than I have stated f,
but in what mannerI shall attempt to send it on its way
I do know, and that I-will tell to you. .

“I have mentioned an‘ iron cage which surmounts the
tower where I have my room.

“The 'tower is large—twelve paces in diameter across 

the ,top.-—-and round. There are windows on every side
-of iny room, so that I have from it 2' magniﬁcent view
of ‘he country around‘ me, of the towering mountains.

“And over me, reached by a spiral stairway, is‘tl1e_

caged platfomi of the tower; and there within my cage
_my captors have put soil and shrubbery and ﬂowers,;
aand from that place with the refuse "from my meals it

ahas long been my habit to feed the birds which now’

come in great numbers, and some of them will even feed
_from my hands through the bars-—and it is to one of
those birds that I intend to fasten this letter, in the hope

that God will permit it ultimately to ﬁnd its way toj

you. ~ . -

“I was startled right here, Mr. Carter. believing tlia V
I Wasto be interrupted in my writing.‘ I have been left-
so long to myself—now——-weeks--that at any moment‘ if
expect interruption. -I have mounted to the cageiin the: 
tower to complete this letter; and vcoming"hereA has .
brought another thing to mind that I had forgotten. It I

rsthis: .

.9 "At the ‘fare extremity of this building, two ivhundredyif‘
feet or more away srmrme, there is another tower 

',tbis.'one, surmounted by a cage like this done, and in
habied, like.this, by one who is a prisoner, I suppose
like myself‘; and tkafoiher is ‘a womanﬂ '  
‘9'That_is all that I know about that other, who,‘§e’i-.
hips, suirers like myself. Just now shé is waving,

h§nd' at   ‘Ihave "waved back, and willydo
‘  Itfis   time "that this has ever  etf.
'I?¢tt%spg“sre.g&=sseis‘wtha= .1 am doing. samgnse

. “..‘5¥." Eh‘? I‘ “.‘.’m°i
plmde. ‘  as

, giig. ?and
till as am"

  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

“Iit6l'd you at the beginning that I am in momentary
»--rum of death. I have no good reason for that
I u t, save that the conduct of those around me
: to indicate that I am being prepared for sortie
t sacriﬁce. It has always been so since I have been

 time when the beautiful despot visits me, when
look into her-eyes, I expect death. I wish I could de-
y ‘be her to you; but, save that her beauty is so mar-
" that it is terrible, that her eyes are like stars--
es soft, sometimes blazing—-—that they are very
7 and limpid, and luminous, that her teeth are white
« even and perfect, that her smile is always like sun-
- -1 sometimes it is the frosty sunshine of zero
" n r-—th_at her hair has a blaze of gold even in its
H’ u - , and that her complexion is like tinted ivory,
- her ﬁgure and bearing comprise the perfection?”

The letter broke pﬁ abruptly here, but beneath it was
wl which read: '

y bird came for the letter, as if God had sent it to
I-ﬂare not wait. Find me-—for God's sake, ﬁnd

,.
,. 5-

ick Carter raised his eyes from the pages, gazed in-_
‘for a moment at the man who was seated oppo-
hm at the table-,—they were in the library of the
e’s house--and -then, without a word, read the
from beginning to end a second time.
half an hour ago Joseph had sought Nick, in his
and had said to him:
. p .is a ‘man below, sir, who insists upon seeing
- V person, although I have told him that you are
 not to be interrupted. He said he would wait
‘ypnswere at liberty. I told him that you might not
;  to see him before'night,,and he said in that

  

 mine would make\no diﬂérence to you.
 ofhim or it.” ‘
A H  ﬁke?’,’- - ‘ : ~ -

  

  
 

uuntih;c1ihrar‘y.,Iwtn\grod3wntohim

--~__
-;..v,.
e,

  
    
 

use  from his

 him a small packet that

      

   

 

 lltxffdpiz

 

NEW NICK CARTER ,WEEKLY. ' 3

D
“Apparently. Where did you get it? Who sent it
to me ?”

“Perhaps if you read it both questions may be an-
swered. sir. Truth to tell, I know as little about it as
you do yourself.”  .

“And yet you bring it to me. Who are you?”

“Read what it contains, if it is a message, Mr. Carter.
After that I will answer any and all questions you may
wish to ask.”

And so, while the man resumed his seat beside the
table, Nick slitted the covering of the packet, taking
care to destroy nothing of the address upon it, and
from the inside of it he unrolled a long strip of the
same substance as the wrapper, corn-colored and two
and a half inches in width by two feet in length, and
surprisingly thin and light, as well as tough——and what
the contents were we already know.

And now, after the second perusal of the letter. he
raised his eyes a second time toward the strong, hand-
some face and tawny head of the big Norwegian. who
spoke English so scholarly. and again studied it for a
moment in silence. noticing that the clear blue eyes of
the stranger met his own gaze with an expression of
perfect frankness. _

“It is a strange missive," said Nick.
anything of its contents?” ’

“No.” wasithe laconic reply.

“Read it,” said Nick; and he passed the roll to the
stranger.

“Do you know

CHAPTER II.

A HAN OF MYSTERY.

“It is a strange letter, indeed," was the remark of the .

stranger. as he returned the roll to the detective when,
like him, he had read the contents twice through.

“Will you tell me now who you are ?" asked Nick.
“You will admit that I am somewhat curious, with good

, reason.” ~

\“I am Lief Larsen, a Norwegian. By profession, a

sailor: by choice, an explorer; by reputation, an'id- *-

venturer;, by inheritance, something of a dare-devil; by
descent, of ‘noble lineage ; by fate, a wanderer; by chance,
a man of wealth, and by good fortune a person of edu-
cation. Are you answered ?”

i “It would seem that you have given me rather a com»;
prehensive answer to my question,” replied the detective, 

laigjhing. “Howycarne you by this rollof manuscript?” »
“I found it,"
“Where?”.

\

“At sea. A  strange bird. to me—-sought‘ 

deck of myvessel for rest. It was soexhausted hyjbr“
 l<n1gt=l‘_lt_g'lit‘tl1*atg.I.,5;at‘Jght_it.‘¢i§ily. Under its wingfwas

 

 

     
   
 

  
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
 

I “And you have taken the trouble to bring it to me!”
said Nick, in surprise.
“It was addressed to you. The writing was plain
, enough. I am a wanderer. It was as well that I should
sail‘ in this direction as in any other. The bird, directed
 ,' by the»Alrnighty, selected me as its messenger. I ac-
‘ cepted the responsibility. That is all.”
“Where were you when the bird alighted upon your
4 deck 3"
“Latitude thirty-ﬁve degrees, three minutes, ten sec-
’, onds south; longitude forty degrees, ten minutes, ten sec-
,‘onds west. In other words, directly oﬁ‘ the mouth of the
Rio de la Platte, and twenty—six hours out from Buenos
; Ayres, going slowly.”
I “Great Scott!” exclaimed Nick.‘ “And you have come
"all that distance to deliver this letter to'me!”
 .“Why not? I have told you that I had nothing else
to do."
i ‘ , “A third of the distance around the globe, from south
 to north.” ,
“flkbout that—-yes.” . ‘ ‘
 ' “How long a time have you been in making the
' trip?"
‘ .“I received the letter on the tenth of November-
Aepringtinie down there. This is the tenthof January.
fvlghave been two months on the way.” .
. The detective mused for a moment irrsilence; then
said: a . I
,“"I‘hev letter refers to the last snowfall of the season.
'Phat would indicate th'at.you received it in your hands
otfvery long after it was written, would it not?”
_Yes7'-or a‘ year later.” '
Atlways supposing that the letter is authentic, and
a‘hoaxofsoine_kin.” ’p
 that it is authentic," said, the“ Norwegian
abut. with settled conviction in his manner.
,  have‘ discussed the matter isotniewbat more I
lltellyou_whyIamofthatopinion.”. '
wane now. But wait. In'my astonishment about
  and the Iuaimer of, its reception I have for-,
’ 'to..l)”e‘eourteous. Lay aside you‘; coat and come
 i-so -coo.»     ~
  his‘ chair, I and, instead of laying

    
  

  

  
 
   

  

 
  

present moment my time

i.

bk .  "
2,’ ~ W."

,4  ﬁréf day. 2..  evening."g

 
  

 
  

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

' he renewed his promise to be at the foot of VVest One _?

 as his bid teen  to do, be but-. >

  white, strong ‘teeth.
'   an ruleiit isvworth ,
 iyfou niayi 5'? .iu<1§1'¢ed * '
‘i rather varied impressions. For one thing, I  
V .»  handsor_nestiman~I eyer_Iooke_d upon. He it?!’

1 in‘ stature, without loolting‘-so big as he really‘ ‘ '

  

Hudson River, oﬁ One Hundred and Fiftieth Street
however. Will you be my guest at dinner on board this
evening?”  E

“‘Yes,” replied Nick, after a moment of hesitation, 
that is the only way.”  ‘

“I could come to you to-morrow, Mr. Carter. I will 
come to you to—morrow, in any case, if you request it;V-fl-T’
but I should like to, have you for my guest this eveningt.'g~»~‘.~".*

on board the yacht.-” _ 
“Very well. What time.sha1l I go?" _ 
“I will expect you soon after four this afternoon." 
“I will be there. Oﬁ’ One Hundred and Fiftieth 

  

I

Street, you say 3*” -

“Yes. The launch will he at the pier awaiting you a
four. I regret that my engagements prevent me from
remaining with you now. At four, then.” '

Nick went with the Norwegian to the door, and there

    
  

   
     
  

   
  

   
  

    

Hundred and Fiftieth Street at four’ that afternoon. andxf .
then he returned to his study, with the mysterious i€lZt€l"z’d.3;,
in his hand. ' l ' "
And there he read it over and over again.
“A mysterious document, truly-—a hoax, most likely?‘ ,
was his ﬁnal comment, as he laid it aside when luncheon 
was announced. . _
., Chick and Patsy were, both out of the city. Ten—Ich
{was at home, and after luncheon the detectiveasked the
\Japanese to go with him to the study. =
it He had said nothing at all about the strange letter
or in reference to his caller, to the assistant; and now
when they were in the study together, Nick placed the
document‘ in Ten-Ichi’s hand. 1 I V 3*
“Read it, Ten-Ichi,” he said, smiling. “Read it.
through to the end, without comment, and after that.
tell me what you think about it.”‘ » 
Ten-Ichi did as the others had done before him. He
"read the remarkable letter twice, from beginning to end,
before he made any cornrnent whatever; and then 
slowly rolled it together again, still without speaking. V,
“Well?” asked the detective. 
“Where did it come from?” asked Ten-Ichi non-conr
mittally. 1 7
Nick told ‘him.
“Do you think that the Norwegian. told the truth‘
‘was the next question. : < 
p“There seems to be no reason, at least not upon the;
surface "of the thing, to suggest the contrary,” replied‘
detective. , i ’ h I. 
“What was your impression ofthe man himself?"
"‘I hardly‘ know, Ten-Iehi. He gave me 

    

  
 
    
     
  

   
     
      
 
 

  
        
   
 
   
 
  
 

  
   
   
   
  
    
  

  
  
  
 

 
     
  

vi

  
       

     
   
   
 

   
  
     

     
 
 

  

,,.m

  

   
 
   
   

'.."?Han:ph!” said Ten-Ichi. _

“Did you size him up as

 “Your reply seems to qualify my question.”

—-..I'I  that he is the sort of man who would create
fhis own criterions. He would be honest with himself,
 no matter what others might think. He interested me."
 ’ _''So I observe. What I meant by, my question was
 Do you think he was honest about this letter ?”~

“Yes; I think he was.” _
3 ‘You believe’ that it came to him in the manner he
 says it did?”

“Yes. I see no reason why I should not "believe it.”

,_ “Has it occurred to you, chief, that the "whole affair
 be a ‘p1=mt’?"   s

_: "  Ten-Ichi, was the very first thought about it
 ‘ﬁat did occur to me.” ' H

‘V’   you mean that you have dismissed it since then?"
‘ ip;  it—yes.' Forgotten the _idea—no.”

_,  means that you will not permit yourself to
I ‘he hoodwink .”

~..'.‘~It mans that I shall proceed with caution, of course."
" Ten—Ichi read the letter to the end a third time. Then


.“Have younstopped to think if you knew stich a per-
_ :qn_u_.it mentioned here? A ‘Jack,’ who disappeared
 about the you? 190:»-June, he says? Some-
 lived near you, and whom you knew well
' gods-no that he should make»the statement about.it
'7” that is hem?" . .
‘ -  have not been able to recall such a circumstance-—--

._.1 ‘ p

 you tell me what more, if anything, the Nor»

  
  
    

   
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

  

       
     
       
 

 of character. .
natural  a scoundrel.” » 
 Tu:-Ichi, “for the presaithe is 

NE\V NICK CARTER KVEEKLY. 5

“Perhaps, later.
ing to him." -

“Where?”

“Aboard his yacht. Off One Hundred and Fiftieth
Street. At four o'clock."

“Shall you take me with you ?"

T0—night~—tl1is afternoon-I am go-

Yes,

“Perhaps so. I have not thought of that point.
I think I will do that.”

"I would like to be present, if you are willing."

“You shall go with me.”

“We will leave here in about an hour, then P"

“Yes.”

Ten-Ichi read the letter a fourth time. Then he

looked up, with a smile.

“Chief,” he said, “do you remember Dazaar 3”’

“Rather l”

“Isn't there something suggestive of Dazaar about
this letter?”

“Yes. Not of Dazaar exactly, but it contains the
same elements of mystery."

“I think there is another view that we should take
of this matter, chief.”

“What is that?”

“You have a great many enemies. Here is a mys-
terious letter. You are fond of mysteries. Your ene-
mies are aware of that fact about you. Here is a mys-
terious personage who brings the letter to you. He in-
vites you to go aboard of his yacht in the river to dine
with him. The yacht is anchored in the stream, not
tied to a wharf. Probably the cable can he slipped
easily.”

“Well?”

“Ifoomeofthoseeuemies wishedtoget you into their
po,werthlswouldbeaﬁrst-classmethodofaooomplisb
ing it; no?”

“I think that it is a point worth considering.”

' “I dm’t.at all. There is nothing of the villain about
the III! who ‘calbhiutself lief Larsen. He is not a
crook. Heisuotacrimina1..Iam_suﬁicientlyareader
of men to be podtive in making that statement. Neither

ishearnanwhowould comortwith crooks orcriminals. 

Neither is he a man who would do their dirty work for
 He is a brave man, a fearless man, if I am any
He is not underhanded—nat 3

flinyhow."
; “«¥°.‘t7'*,_,§IHed.Nirk. “I will admit that. ‘H: is:

‘iAnrl‘Iori’ﬂ1eVyreseutv,‘at least, we will have 51.. "

    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
    
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
      
      
 

CHAPTER III.
THE COMMANDER or THE “VIKING.” _

“It is too bad that Chick is not at home,” said. Ten~
Ichi, after a pause.

‘_‘Yes,” said Nick. “I wish he were here.”

. “But you have another assistant beside myself who is
within reac .” Ten-Ichi turned his head away as he
" ‘made the remark, so that his chief .could not look into
his eyes. \
. “Eh?” said the detective. Then he laughed. “I sup-
pose,” he continued, “that you refer to Clarice.” He
’ laughed again, softly this time; and then: “Clarice
‘“ hardly comes under the head of an assistant —~as yet-—
Ten-Ichi.”

“Seriously, chief, I wish you would take that letter to
her before we go to the yacht this afternoon. I wish
"you would show it to her; let her read it through two
or three times, as we have done. Her intuition is a
‘very valuable asset, in my opinion, and this is a mat-
ter where intuition seems to be the only available quan~
Nick left his chair and rang for Joseph. To Ten-Ichi
iheisaidz ,

I i,“Meet me at the foot of One Hundred and Fiftieth
 at four.”

,‘.A few minutes later he was shown into the parlor of
illeehouse where Clarice lived, and without preamble or
jJlanatio_n he placed the mysterious letter in her hands.
'?‘.Clarice," he said, “I wish you would read what that
cmtains very carefully, and then tell me exactly the im-
agltessionlyou receive from it-. Will you?”

'f‘Yes,"_ she replied brightly.

 crossed over to a window and stood there looking
 -the snow in tlle street until she called to him;
I  he returned and dropped into a chair, facing her.
Well ?” he asked. ,

“Where did it come from?” she inquired, in return;

> 4

l t seems always to -be the first question about the
he  “I wish you would tell me your imp-
ly sabout it witliout asking any questions. After-
-«  tell you allthat is known about it.” . I
 you have thought that it rnightbe a hoax?”
’ 1   tell me your impressions ——your
"   I I  \
C ' ‘ "’ "she  slowly, “is that some-

 is a man who is held 3 pris-
 oi’  of the kind, against his
7  a  that the wing
that !w'=t=rt upon another part

  

hr

   

   

NEVV NKIK CARTER WEEKLY. .

V

 o‘f~._man who  only ‘a stranger to me. 

 

wegian told the truth about it that cannot be the idea
at all.” .

“Who_is the Norwegian? Remember that you have
‘told me nothing. I don’t get impressions, as you call
them, without something to go upon. The letter reads
like the wanderings of a madman, and yet there are
qualities about it which suggest that it is not. If you
will tell me all you know about it I may. perhaps, dis~
cover that I have some intuitive perceptions concern~
ing it.” ,

And so the detective told her all about the letter;
related all that he knew and guessed about the Nor-
wegian, and at the conclusion she said:

“I would like to see that man, Nick.”

“I cannot very well spring a dinner«party_upon him
when he has invited only me to be present,” was the
reply. ‘,‘Already I have decided to take Ten-Ichi;
but ,’i’

“Oh,{ I did not mean that you were to take me there;
but cannot you bring him here?”

“Perhaps——to~morrow.”

“Do that, if you can.”

“Very well. And now for
Clarice?”

“I think, somehow, that the letter is authentic. The _
parchment—or whatever substance it is upon which the‘ ' )
message is written—-is not like anything that I ever saw
before. The letter was delivered aboard the Norwe»
gian’s yacht—if what he says is true——oﬁ the coast of
South America. There is a great deal of undiscovered
country, is there not, in that part of the world?”

“Yes.” V

“Among the Cordilleras, particularly.”

“What of that, Clarice?”

“Nothing of it at all, save that where there are un-
discovered countries there are also mysteries. VV here
there are‘ mysteries there might also be mysterious pris~.
oners. VVhere there are mysterious prisoners there may _
be unheard-of customs. I think, really, that I am just 
as seriously without impressions about it as you are
yourself.”

Nick nodded his head in acquiescence.

“But,” she continued, “you are not without your own
impressions about the alfair. You have some ideas of
your own about it, only you have not mentioned them.
Suppose you tell me what they are ?”

“No,” he replied. “I don’t think I have any deﬁnite
idea at all. To tell you the truth, I amyvery much more , ,
interested in the man who brought the letter to me than ‘ '
I am in the letter itsel .” ‘

"‘I thought so. ‘So am I,” she said sagely. -A

“He had-—he has a strange eﬁect upon me, Clarice.”_
~_ “What sort of effect?” . I ‘ -

‘,'I hardly  He is a man of

those impressions,

.-:.»-».. _...i~.........: . 

 

 
  
   
    
     
   
     
    

mystery. He is 

   

  
    
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
    
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
    
   
 

I also a stranger to all mankind. Do you understand what
I mean?”
“Scarcely-."

, “He is _a sort of human unit. A man by himself.
Wooderfuﬂy strong-——I don’t mean in muscular power,
‘ 55¢ in ideals, in spirit, in character.” a

, “I understand.”

“If I have an impression about the whole aﬁair, it is
that more than the mere address upon that roll of parch-
ment brought him to my house.”

“Ah! Now you are getting at it.” '

- “I don't know whether we are or not.”

. ‘“What sort of an idea could_ have brought him to
I you ifit were not the address alone? Do you mean that
youthinkheknewthecontentsofthatletterallthe
,5m1e?” .
»“I ﬁnd myself wondering if he did.”

1 . “And believing that he did?”

»‘‘I ’cannot say that.‘ He could not have known the
distant: of the letter unless he wrote it himself, or it
 written at his dictation, oﬁwiu. his knowledge and
approval; and for some reason I do not think any of
Ewe things.” ‘

' I “Aren‘t you somewhat paradoxical in your state-
ments?’ she asked, smiling.
“Isuppose I am. What I mean’ to imply is that the
 its methods‘ of reaching him,‘-and ﬁnally its con-
Iis  associated with something that the
,_  about before it came to him, and that he hap-
 he cruising in those waters at the time because
"at  previous knowledge he possessed. The letter and
I _  ‘ of its receipt by him is somehow cumulative
. i of  c .” "
' _us, look at the matter from another side," she

_ A"   donothixg whatever
  e  f. < ‘
; ﬁbuld  something and

Ti»Iblrlé‘yx:ee§a'-‘JiEite:i:¢li|1.*iey airs ﬁoasand
 ante;-ea-eas’ia— nﬁght be
‘ ‘  be diﬁet¢I9:.|mt as it”t9_39/‘!‘°‘1
’ aﬂ$H'5ﬂl!=%§¢¢3T05:9:‘¢'Iﬁi¢:‘1°°I5*!.l3 511

 IH!&»3?-'l'.» .»: < V. . .

......s  

 
  
 
   
  

33.

r .

 

  
   

NEVV NICK CARTER \\'EEKLY. 7

“At present--yes.”

“Then, as a matter of fact, you did not come here to
get my impressions about that letter at all, did you F"

“I expect," said the detective, pretending to be very
humble, “that I only made it an excuse to come here to
see you.”

"‘VVhich reminds me,” she replied, rising. “that if you
are to meet Ten-Ichi at four o’clock at One Hundred
and F iftieth Street, as you said, you had best be on your
way; but don’t forget,” she added, as he was leaving ‘
her, “that you are to bring the Norwegian here to see
me to-morrow. It will be Sunday; you may bring him
to dinner, if you will—at three o’clock.”

It was a few minutes after four when Nick arrived
at the appointed place. and he found the launch awaiting
him at the wharf. But there was no sign of Ten—Ichi. .

One of the men-—he who was evidently in charge of
the launch—-came forward and touched his hat respect-
fully to Nick as he approached, and inquired, in perfect
English, if he was Mr. Carter.

“I am,” replied ‘Nick; “but I was expecting a gentle-
man to meet me here. You have not seen him, I sup-
pose?”

“I have seen no gentleman awaiting you, sir,” was the
reply. “Captain Larsen is expecting you aboard the
yacht.”

Nick looked at his watch. It was already a quarter
past the hour, and so, with a shrug of his shoulders, he
said to the man:

“Very well. You may take me to the yacht at once.

It seems that I am somewhat late myself. Then, if your
captain is willing, you may return here for my as-
sistant.” ’

The man bowed and Nick entered the launch. A few
minutes later he ascended to the deck of as trim an
beautiful a vessel ashe had ever seen. a

Larsen met him at the gangway and extended a cor~
dial hand. -

“I amvery glad to see you again,” he said, smiling.
“Will you come to my cabin?”

“One moment, please,” replied Nick. “I took the lib-
erty of asking one of my assistants to aoeompzmy me
here to-day.‘ I found, upon my arrival at the wharf.
thahehadnotyﬁputin an appunnce. Woindyou
pemityourlaunehtoreturnandwaitalittlewhileior
him?” _

“(Ia-ably. v_,iByaBme3.na.”-, _ .

Larsen gave the man of the launch the necessary
order,afterwhich_heledtheway£othecabin. » 
.. It  of thaywht  Nick found V 
 sumpmously elegantin its appo§r_u- 
meats.  was in exquisite taste, and likewise 
 uideucethtt the owner of thevuaei ,.'i’
 .wh‘¢_h be. M not 

. ,‘ V, g

 
 
    
   
 

      

   

 » ~» ' -T L.  Z§":':n==r. 

 
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 

 “Welcome to the Viking, Mr. Carter,” said Larsen,
I ‘waving the detective to a chair. “Make yourself per-
» fectly at home. Is she not a beautiful vessel?”
“She is, indeed, Captain Larsen.”
“I am justly proud of my sea home, for that is what
the Viking is. She never goes out of commission. I
A live with her, in perpetual summer, or in perpetual win-
-- ter, as I happen’ to like best. I wish that you might
.‘ make a voyage in her with me. I might say that I
- » , wish that this mysterious letter to you would bring about
such an event.” I
“I hardly think that such an outcome of the letter is
,likely,” replied Nick;. “but I will be free to admit that
if ‘it were quite possible I should not be opposed to
' making a trip with you.”
 “Could you’ not make it-—-er-—quite possible, Mr.

Not at present; at least.”

V “Then suppose you delegated me to do it for you?
:Eh?”

I “I don't think I understand you.” .

"Suppose that I should make it possible—for you?”

 

 
 

CHAPTER IV.
A Pnrsom-:2 ON THE “VIKING.”

  
  
 
 

= The captain of the V {king gave Nick no opportunity
 ‘reply to the last remark, for he broke into a laugh;
 Nick. watching him. decided that this was in many
tgepects the most remarkable personage he had ever met.
I He was so big, so masterful, so strong, so self-reliant,
deﬁant. of the world and all things within the world.
I _d while they talked together before dinner was an-
L it! he displayed an abundance of knowledge quite
I remarkable as the man himself. He seemed to be ut-
atghomh upon any subject and equally: versed in all.

     
    
    
      

  
  

' as familiar to him as Norway; Borneo, China, even

   

cvena greater linguist than Nick Carter himself.

V, I  he was fascinating, ‘for he talked of
Z ‘velsf with a ready tongue, and with a knowledge of
 .th¢.:P°°Ple he had visited and known which

  
    
  

I-‘pW'.‘five.o"clock, whenthc detective looked
tel},   remarked casually:
’ s’omethin,g,has__happened toydetain

  
  

« ,“-‘ Mr.  T
t   replied} _ Nick, greatly peeps‘ mi.
 you  na!‘d¢lay~your dinner on‘ his ae-

    
 

itéigs  If
- .' U .  . "'. 



     
  

   
 
 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. A .

‘knew every corner of the world equally well. ﬁtlaska l

iVi_.were_ trodden paths in his experiences, and he I‘

“By all means.
cision, captain.” \

And at six—just as the yacht’s bell struck four bells—
the two seated themselves opposite each other at the
table. A

The repast was half-ﬁnished, and as yet the subject
which interested Nick most had not been touched upon,
and he was just on the‘ point of mentioning it when he
became suddenly conscious that the yacht was in motion.

With an exclamation of astonishment, he started to his
feet. ' .»

“What is the matter, Mr. Carter?” asked the Nor-
wégian, smiling blandly upon him across the board.

Nick stepped around his chair until he stood behind it,
facing Larsen, and then very calmly, but also sternly, he
demanded:

“What does this mean, sir? The yacht is in motion.
VVe are no longer at‘ anchor. What is the character of
the game you are endeavoring to play with me ?”'

“Have you forgotten so soon what was said shortly
after you entered this cabin?” replied the Norwegian.
“I told ybu that I would like it if you could take a voy-
age with\me; you replied that you would like it also if
such a thing were possible. I said why not make it pos-
sible, and you ”

“Enough, sir!"

The Norwegian shrugged his shoulders and stopped;
but he leaned back in his chair, with a smile still upon
his handsome face,' and he thrust his hands deep into
his pockets, looking more like a handsome, mythological
god than like a man. . \

For a moment Nick gazed sternly upon him; then,
with a return shrug of the shoulders, he wheeled in his
tracks and strode to the cabin door. /

For some reason he. realized before he touched it that
he would ﬁnd it locked against him, and therefore he
was not surprised when it refused to yield at his touch,
and he turned where he stood, four steps above the floor‘
of the cabin, and quietly pulled 3 revolver from his

pocket.
“I will thank you, Captain Larsen, if that is your

I have already arrived at that de-

A name, to open this door!” he said coldly.

Larsen did not move. He did not change his attitude
or the expression of his face. -

“I shall not open it——yet; nor for some time to come,"
he gplied as calmly as if he were referring to some trivial
circumstance. . i ‘ .

Nick raised the revolver until the muzzle was on a

level with the Norwegian’s -heart, but still the latter did ‘

not move; nor did he manifest the slightest concern
about the weapon. “Indeed, his manner was such that
Nick found himself wondering if, by any chance, the

 found an opportunity to remove the loads from

the cylinders. ,Bu‘tion  thought he  better.

 

  

  

  

   
 
 

  
 
      
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
 
    
   
   
    
     
    
   
 
     
 
  

~.~<~_,l

« bv“What the _devil do you mean, anyhow?” demanded
- i the detective, totally at, a loss to understand the situ-
ation.
“Sit down, Mr. Carter. Don't be angry. There is no
need for it—-oh, certainly, there is only very little need.
"for your weapon, it is loaded, I" suppose?”
“It certainly is.” V.
 .“And I have no doubt that you could drivea nail with
I  at thirty paces. Indeed, I have been told as much.”
i"  "You have been correctly informed——as you will pres-
ently have the proof of it unless you open that door!”
“I repeat, I will not open it—yet.”

“Then I shall do one of two things, Captain Larsen.”
.’j “Yes?” V
.“_‘I am in two minds—whether to shoot you, or not to
Shoot y0u—-” ~
 laughedvaloud, interrupting him. ‘
“You will not shoot,” he said. “I do not fear your
 ~ ,
 For reply Nick pulled the trigger of the weapon, pur-
‘  sending the ball so close«to the Norwegian’s temv
that it. cut away a lock of his tawny‘ hair and "then
buried itself in the mahogany bulkhead.
' But Larsen did not move even then. He only smiled
the more, if anything. Nick could not see that he
lwinlced an eye or “turned a hair,” as the saying goes.‘

 I suppose,” he said coolly, “was intended
“;n}_eg'ely.as an exhibition of your skill? I know that you
llnot kill me, Mr. Carter; neither will you shoot away
I «  car, as you are. now thinking of doing. You cannot
" ‘ down the door,- because it is made of steel; the
 Vessel. ‘from stem to stem, is composed of steel.
is abmlutely no means by which you can get out
 cabin until ‘I choose to let you out, Mr. Carter-
shall not choose to (1050 until it is my verygood
. .. Be seaterland ﬁnish.your dinner; or were you
  Nick.  he smiled grimly, for, after
 the  was not ‘withoutaits quality of humor.

"IElii3,iis better,” said LBIISCII. quickly taking note of
 =!“Take it easy, Mrélgarter. "Please do. There

0

  

  

  

  

    
  
 

   
  

 Let me lputthe statement 

 for .~anxiety. You don't ob-

  trip withme. sio.lyou?”~ .

  so-under proper; conditions,

I  arraw is so:-sewn» 4i&ereur-" . \

I ‘Yon. ;Y'V“.l»:l?°‘ ;‘1?3‘«'.5.“°“- 1-“ met?“
., .  A. ' vvyety-_pla‘inl'.aag\b‘. _ 7

Wm. —f:1t5:.i§ my  r=°I*1i*tii‘yéi:
. I’ a other. If

“Quit

  

   
  
  
 

  
  
  

   

  

 
   

NEW LNICK (CARTER WEEKLY.

another I

.

 

possibility, I arranged matters in this way: On the deck
my menuhave their orders. They know exactly how to
proceed. They will proceed in that manner, and nothing
can stop them or turn them aside. My orders are al-
ways obeyed literally. It is a fad of mine to have it so.
Are you attentive?”

“Quite so.”

“Won’t you put aside that weapon and sit down ?”

“Not yet. Go on.”

“I had this-vessel constructed, at great expense, for
a deﬁnite purpose. She is not like any other craft you
ever saw or heard of. Some day I will explain all her

- peculiarities to you, but for the present let it suﬁice that

if at this moment I were bound hand and foot. if I were
unconscious, if I were dead, the exits‘ from the cabin
would still be closed against you, and you would not
escape from it unless you found a means to batter down
the steel bulkheads by which it is enclosed. I do not
tell you that in order to affect your present desire to use
that pistol; I merely make a statement of fact. Will
you sit down.”
“Not yet. Go on.” ,
“VVe had been under weigh a long time before you
were aware of the fact. There is no vibration here.
This is a turbine ehgine. It was the motion of the
water of the lower bay that apprised you of the fact that
we were moving, not the motion of the engines. We
are now—or should be—-rapidly approaching Sandy’
Hook. I/Vhen we have passed out of sight of land I
will open the cabin doors and the vessel will be as free
to you as to myself. You are not a prisoner, but a pas-‘  ‘
senger—-and my honored guest, Mr. Carter.” ~ ' ~
There was something so pleasantly impudent about - 
the manner and the words of the man that the detective‘
couldscarcely repress a smile, and he suddenly resolved
to make the best of the situation, at least for the present,
and so he asked abruptly: : ..
“Did you write that letter yourself ~that letter that ‘
you brought to me ?" ’
“Certainly not. Have you thought that?” _ ,,
“I might think almost anything, and be excused for
doing so, under the present circumstances,” said 
“Where did you get the letter‘? Who did write it?" ‘
“I'pray you, Mr. Carter, one question.at a time.  «
received the letter precisely in the manner I descr1'bed.ito’
you,'and I have no more idea than you have who 
it” \. g g , . T 
“Are those statements true? Swear to them.”
"I ‘have nothing by’ which I can swear if you wil g
take my  I have nothing that I hold more 
than i11‘y‘V_wor:‘cl.:7__g."I  you that. The statements arcing
erally  Willyoui resume yourichair now ?"’ .;

  

   
      
     
  

   
  
    
  
    

 NEW Nick CARTER’ WEEKLY.

     
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 

 

 put to sea, and read his orders at noon to-morrow. As her which would assure her that the message came from 
ﬂit.-'W'lrithe‘r are we bound?’ that is a question that has you. If you will write such a message, I will have it "'
zttitjbeen determined. It is a question which I hope to sent at once.” .
 with you later on.” . “Who would receive the message and forward it to
; “Oh! Indeed l” her?” asked Nick, aghast at the cool audacity of the man.
 “Mr.'Carter, will you answer a few questions for me The Norwegian smiled.
M “It will be received and it will be forwarded to her,"
f‘I don’t know whether I will or not, Larsen. At the he replied calmly. “And more, if you desire it, we will
present moment, I am more disposed toward shooting lie to long enough for you to receive a reply; and you
‘you-candidly.” can ask for information from her which only she can
zlgarsen laughed aloud. . give, in order that you may be assured that the reply
“‘,I~don’t know that I blame you,” he said. “But it is comes from her.” '
because you are not used to having another decide for “Very good,” said Nick, suddenly determined. “Open
:- yontwhat you are to do; eh?” your cabin doors; at least, unlock them. I do not like
“Possibly that has something to do with it. I do not the feeling that I am in any sense a prisoner. If I re-
the ideaof being taken upon a pleasure trip without main here, it must be of my own free will and accord;
 iirst consult ’-’ * I nor will I make any promises not to attempt to leave
;. ‘ Exactly. And now for the questions.” you.” I —
. . “ .‘You may ask them. I will answer them if I.see ﬁt, “You have already promised by implication,” said the
,A W care 110 do so.” , I Norwegian, laughing. “Between two men, each of whom
Have you any pressing business-‘—business of im- realize the possibility within the other, that is suﬂicient.
- ' to yourself, I mean-«that should detain you in V It is as iood as a deﬁnite promise.”
city at the present time? Because, if you have, I He leaned forward in his chair and reachedwith one
H -‘jdufj-ankly that in that case I will take you at once hand under the table; then, as he resumed his former
' to New York, .upon receiving your ornisc‘ that position. he Said: V
“lwiﬂ return to me as soon as that business is attended “Come. Write your‘ message. We will then go upon
ye you such’ business?” . , « V the deck and ascertain what our present position may be.” ,'**
W ' A Nick wheeled upon his heel and approached the door.
  possible that you could makqdcﬁnitel arrange- It opened ‘to his touch and he went out upon the deck;
 telegraphing from another port to your home, nor did the Norwegian attempt to follow. He seemed to
i  absentfrom New York ‘for-—say for understand that the detective desired to be alone for the
j , _?"‘ I ' moment, and also to have no fear that Nick would make
: I “circumstances were such as to-meet with my any effort at escape. - '
 ~: f’ ‘ ’ ~ ' i '_ ’ Indeed, if you stop to think of it, how could he?
 one at yotir horncin. New York, or in ' The Viking was gliding through the water at a rate .
New York who willbe made  by your of speed which must have covered as much as twenty * -» '
ii ' t?” ‘ _ . ._ ~’ ‘ ‘ A knots an hour; the shore of Coney Island was abaft of I 2”"
,_  1 - -t N“. -. ‘ r _ _ them over the port-quarter; Sandy Hook was just oi? the — 
ly  , *= ihisiquestion, please, before‘ I ask it; ;[sit, by starboard bow and the yacht was about midway between ' 
  lady upon rwhornyouicalled 'thisfafter— the "two; the month was January, and here and there ‘I.
- A blocks of ice couldbe seen ﬂoating in the water.  
Nick remained only a moment on deck; then he re— 3
turnedgto the cabin, and, seizing pen, and paper, indicted. I I
themcssage to Clarice. It said: , . g .
“I Shall be absent from New York for an indeﬁnite " 
" . {Dinner engagement for to-morrow impossible. 
’_ . Will write you fully within a week. Repeat substance of
5 4 my last remark to you, in your reply.‘ ' ,. NICK." .

 

  

    
     
  
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

  

 Two hours later,with:Sandy Hook astem of them,  V_ ,5 I:
I  It was; - * ~

   

;,,..

   
 

  

 _ fl;  that you‘ made,the Norwegian   
  me. Beware of that man". Please keep; 

   
 

   
     

  
 

  
 

,,_pornt so that it will not be necessary to refer to it again,
ut there was much that happened aboard the yacht
before it came; for, when Nick had written his message
and Captain Larsen had given it to his steward to send,
he turned to the detective andsaid to him: ’

“And now, Mr. Carter, I have a surprise for you which

st will be a pleasant one."

, “‘ es?” replied Nick, without showing much interest.
"fYou seem to be a gentleman who is full of surprises.
Whatmay this next one be?” '

“Your guest, whom you expected to meet you at the
acht when you came to dine with me—your Japanese
 Ten—Ichi-—is. here,” was the cool reply. “He
._arrived beforg you did. I had him conveyed to the yacht,
 I have taken good care of him, thinking that you
might desire his companionship on the trip. I might add
that he has had his dinner.”

Nick’s first impulse was to be angry again; his next
.2 one was to laugh. The cool, deliberate, studied audacity
the man surpassed anything in his experience; and yet
in it all the detective could not help liking him.

“There was something to admire in his elfrontery; some-
'  to respect in his utter frankness. His boldness was

‘ p ' in its methods; and with it all the detective be-
iibyed that he had found a man who was very much
after his own heart, a man who was different from his
who would stop at nothing to achieve his ends,
who nevertheless was honorable in his dealings, and,
 all, was a" gentleman. .
'"“Wh_ere is he?” asked Nick, without evincing the sur-

he felt.’ v , V
“I will send for him in a moment; but, before I do so,
, veone more thing to say to you, Mr. Carter.” '

“'Wcll?' At least you will not surprise me. I have
passed the point of being surprised at anything you
’ or do. What now?" V

 »a student of character, Mr. Carter. I have
ynmte or less» about you for several years, and
than once I have been on thexpoint of seeking you
~ I)  saw you until to-daywhen I called at your

7,.

  

  

‘  and the Noijwegian continued:
 yougwith close attention while I had the
‘_  ‘ V to 'doj\'soito—_day. I arrived. atthe decision

  

     
  
  

rapeetand admiration.”
   ironically. 

thatifftoldyouatoneewhatlhadin
you whengl made the call,-that you would
things} hadto tell you as chimerical, and

 
   

 Amt  -

‘ were a man-—shall I say like myself in many,

—   I’oove§ed—5j70uf.°°f‘1f5’ _ , V .
i I‘ ‘ "  .of=which. that  meant wl,IaVt,yo‘uls,ud to me, I. read mough;.o£~

    

   
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
  
   
     
 
   
 

Again Nick smiled and inclined his head; but he did
not interrupt.

“Then it was that this scheme—tI.is trick that I have
played upon you——occurred to me. I believe-—and i still
believe—that the very audacity of it would appeal to you
as nothing else would do; no harm could result from it,
and, in a word, I resolved to put it into execution.

‘_‘And now, Mr. Carter, I come to the confessional part
of it all. I beg of you, if it is possible, to go with me
on this voyage to South America. I will not offer you
money, save to say that I am richer than the richest man
in the world, and, if you would accept all that I have M
now, I could within a year secure as much more for
myself again. But what I wish to say is this: If you say
that you cannot go with me, I will at once give orders
for the yacht to be turned back to New York, and you
shall take breakfast in your own home in the morning.
But I sincerely hope that you will not ask me to do
that.” -

For a moment the detective was silent; but then, - '
coldly, he said:

“I think, Captain Larsen, that I will take you at your
word. I will ask you to take me back to New Yor .”

The Norwegian started. He bit his lip. He frowned,
and for a moment his eyes blazed with an expression
that was not anger, but yet was very much like it; and’
then he shrugged his mighty shoulders, laughed cynically,
rose from his chair, and, with the cool remark, “So be
it,” left the cabin.

Nicle followed him to the deck. He stood near the
companionway while the Norwegian called to the officer 7
of the deck and gave the necessary order. He waited
there until the graceful vessel swung around and was
again headed toward Manhattan, and then he returned  A
the cabin, perceiving after a moment that Larsen had
followed him down.

The tawny-headed giant was himself again, for he
smiled as be extended his hand to the detective, although
there was an expression of pain and undoubted disap-
pointment around his eyes which he strove manfully to ‘
conceal. I

“It is done,” he said simply._ “I am sorry that it had
to,be done. Inthree hours you will be back again in s
New York,'for I have given orders for full speed, and
the Viking is very fast. And now let us shake hands in
friendship, Mr. Carter.” _ ;

- Nick stepped forward quickly and placed his hand in
the Norwegians-; and for a moment these two'men,,so.
diﬁerent in stature and in all outward appearance, but
so ‘alike in heart, and character, and motive, 
frankly intoeafch other’s eyes; and both smiled. A

“I did  think that I neededa test, Larsen,” said the
detective; t_hen,“very‘ quietly, “but, although I realized

     
     
      
      
        

     
    
       
 
  

   
    
 
     
     

   

Vinyourn_gaunert9l:now.tlntitwouldhe7

 strtnggle to carry out your promise. I thought, there-

“fore, that I would put‘ you to the test. You may bring

the Viking about again, if you choose. I will go with
on, Larsen.”

, ' "ljVhaaat!” »
r 7 “I will go with you. We can put in at Newport News,

where I can write some letters and do some télegraphing
and telephoning. After that, I will go with you.”

‘ Larsen did not wait to bearanother word. He started
for‘ the deck again as if he feared that Nick might change
, ' ,mind once more, if be delayed; but after a moment
he was back again, and he was laughing joyously with
 big voice, and there was a glow of happiness in his

aceandeyes that was tmmistakable.

I. « .-“God bless you, Carter !” he cried. “You will not re-

et the decision. That I promise you. There are ad-

vventures ahead of you such as you never dreamed of,

‘ ,I know a great deal about that letter which has not
been told, although I did not read it, and had no idea

 contents until you showed it to me after reading

It yourself. But I guessed what it might be, and the

*ruult_prowed that I‘ was not mistaken. Now, wait a

moment.’-’ . , ~

“He was gone again in an instant, and,‘ when he re-

’  moment later, Ten—Ichi was beside him; and
  very angry indeed. '

,2  me to your assistant,” said Larsen, with '

“Tell him that ‘we are friends,
5 V, Tell him that I want him to forgiveme for my
’ é. joke‘ upon him-—that I earnestly apologize.‘ Tell
 you are glad he is here. When you have done
i;Carter, and when he has accepted my apologies and
A) "me, I will telhyqu something about him.” :

‘ looked from,on'e’to the other in amazement;
~16:  relaxed  a smile while Nick was telling
tbatlhad‘ occurred; and at the end of it he turned,

 his hand. _
f’; word _is my law,” he said. “His .wisbes
 my My service is yours since he
, it; but, there is my hand. and my friendship
” ‘ if  to accept" all three, Captain

,.xgpa;.,a:e bigllrlorwegian sdzed Ten-Ichi in his,
3‘ I    as if he were a
hng¢ed.hirnVaftertliennnner o§‘hiseonntry—
 .8,§l?¢P“ll1im.downaggi_q,Insaid: ‘
i  Ishaﬂlolveyou like a sum,

1

.;..z...a

 ntﬂ

WEEKLY. ‘

a ju-jutsu twist that sent me reeling against the bulk-

head with a thud that dazed me, and if it had hot been for
my great strength——we1l! It was like a mouse tackling
an elephant; but, all the same, I honestly believe that if
the cabin where it occurred had been ten feet bigger, he
would have downed me with that attack-. Ten—Ichi, you’re
a won‘der,” he added, with unmixed admiration. '

“And now we are three friends together!” he cried
out gladly. “God be praised! I will show you riches
that you’ never dreamed of which may be had for the
trouble of taking. I'will unfold mysteries stranger than

you have ever read about from the most sensational .

pages; but, more than all—-—more than all, Qarter, I will
accomplish with your help the object and aim to which I
have devoted my life.
“And, now, you shall hear about it.”
I

\.

CHAPTER VI.
{rruz purpose or A THOUSAND YEARS.

“My story is a very brief one,” he continued, after he
had lighted a cigar and directed his companions to do
the same. “It reads something like a chapter from the
“Arabian Nights Entertainments.” It will sound unreal,
impossible. But it is, nevertheless, true. “

"But, before Iv begin it, let me set your mind at- rest
upon another point. I have already told you that I knew
something about that mysterious letter before I was per-
mitted,to read it, but I should have said that I guessed
about it. The man who wrote the letter, I never heard
about or guessed about, at all; but the woman to whom
he refers almost in the last paragraph, who was present
in the other tower cage, 1 have heard about, guessed
about, dreamed about, thought about. How, you shall
hear.

‘‘I -am descended from an ancient king of Norway;
one might almost say that he was a mythological king, for

he reigned before the Norse history was written. In that =
time there was a war for the throne between two brothers__._
vﬂo were twins, and be who lost that fight was my an-'

cestor.
“We have been very poor, this ‘family of mine, for
centuries. There was no royalty in our. lives if it was
‘in our blood; but each son in that descent, when he came

' to the age of manbood,:was told the history of his being

and. was sworn to certain oaths.

“What those oaths were, or are, need not concern usi’

at present; but the legends said that there was to be a‘

son ba”n‘.to‘tlﬁt‘brancb of the family in the year’ 1&3?

 would be in the likeness of_ his great ancestor, '
mind,.inhody,ir1aehi€ve:nerxt,a11dinpurpose. Ian:

  
    
     
  
  
   
      
 
      
    
   
  
    
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
  
 
    
    
 

NE\V NICK

7 ’I‘It sounds like a romance. It is a romance if you will;
t it is romance of truth. '
“From father to son for almost eight hundred years
story has been repeated over and over again; each
-' on has sworn his son to the oaths required. For
ugh: hundred years the men of my race and family have
 -v forward into the dim vista of the future——-to me.
5'Now, to‘retum, for I will not tire you with details.
“The legend relates that that ancestor of mine, eight
ax red years more or less ago, crossed the seas with
Lid Ericksen after he had lost the ﬁght with his
v r; that they discovered a new world of which they
not dreamed before; a vast world; a_ beautiful world
ms world that is now called America. History tells us
 sdtnuch of the legend is true, at least.”
The detective nodded an assent.
‘"111: legend relates that, once within the time of each
601: that followed, a messenger returned to Nor-
V-from that far land; returned as the ambassador of
tlnerowued king who had lied to the new world; and
Stat of these messengers was the son of that un-
. -e king who had ﬂed with his father—-in the boats
Lief Ericksen.”
“Go on,” said Nick. “It is an interesting story, and
ms: ‘
’~ t son was called Lief Larsen when he returned.
; _‘ ten yearsold when he went away; he was forty
be trod the rocks of Norway again; and the legend
‘  hebrought back with him a wife of such
r. darkbeautythatthcmenofmy race who

1r 1

 that  ofsuch transeendant
  Thetnessengers whocame
 generation were servaats;vtbey
 s only. But they kept alive the spark of
 lgept aife the purposeol am dethroned

‘hsbeenkeptalivealltheseyears. Ltlives

 a messenger came. until. When

Eﬁctwasalad,«&¢~kﬁ oneappeared. There

xmmusenger  thentno other will come.”

’ i‘  i "‘ l . v

 —.

 1143!“!  I000"!-

*  n-I-t.=fo,z.:ﬂsv;4.o-v»
. ~ .,‘€1,g'ﬁ_'? ..  ﬁg:

 

CARTER

no 

WEEKLY. ‘ 13

arisen in that land; teach him that taken he arrives at
his majority he must go to that land, and that there he
‘will find awaiting him the future queen of his people,
even as he will be their king.’ ”

l He paused, and sipped the water again.

“It sounds like a play, doesn‘t it, Carter?" he asked,
with a short laugh. '

“It has the atmosphere. But go on. Larsen.”

“The messenger then told my father that a strange and
warlike people had sprung up about that hidden kingdom
in South America; that convulsions of nature—earth—
quakes, doubtless-had changed the face of it, and that
now only a remnant remained, surrounded by towering’
mountains. He told him that in the center of that valley
was a castle; that in the castle lived the king, now shorn
of his power, a prisoner among his own people, beset by
the new race that had overpowered him. He proclaimed
himself to be the last of the messengers; and he said:

“ ‘A daughter of the kings as yet unborn must be the
bride of thy son, Lief,' if the destiny is to be fulfilled.
She will be waiting there for his coming. She will be
worshiped like a goddess, but she will be, nevertheless, a
prisoner. Her garden will be a castle tower, surrounded
by a gilded cage. When he is twenty-one he must under-
take the journey. As for what remains for him to do
after that, he will know when he has fulﬁlled his mis-
sion——when he has rescued the princess and made her
his bride.’

“Then, Carter, the messenger placed a roll of parch-
ment in my father’s hands; and with these words:

“‘To be opened by thy son, Lief, when he shall be

twenty-one. ‘ It contains the map of his route; it contains ‘

the instructions he must follow.’

“Well, that ends all that part of the story. The rest
is to come.

“When I became old enough to understand, my father
instructed me in the history of the family as,other sons
had been instructed by other fathers before him. I was
showutherollofparchneutwhichlwastoopenandﬁ
studyonmy twenty-tirstbirthday; and thenit was put
away again in a recqatacle that my father had made for it
beneaththeraftersoftheroofofoarhumhlehome.

“Somuch forthat,savethatIwishtosayherethat
the material of that parchment, its color, weight. Ind
texttxre,wastheanIe-asthatofthesti-angeletta'you

nowhavein,yourpocket,andthat,whenthebirdfdl,

uponthcdedsotmyynchtwithﬂntroniastenadbcnaﬂx
itswiiaglroeopiaeditatonceastliesaxne. [knew
thenfron_iwheecthemesngecame,bntitwaIaddresee_d
toyou,and.IdArednotopenit.’’ ,
“Why? I shuuldhave thought--—-” I.
:.“Youw_ouldhvethou¢htitin:ponsihln£umet2ore-

sistthetap'tItiun;but the training of 

years.o£petienoewasinmyhhod.,I, hadheen taught
 Ieouldnagknovw

.;:,.~

 s

I NEW NI

  
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
     
  
 
 
  
 
    
  
 

that the message came from a man who had once lived
in New York, who in some mysterious way was now an
inhabitant of that strange‘ country I sought. I could only

know that it was addressed to you. I curbed my impa-
tience and delivered it. Purpose is my watchword. I
know no other course in life.”

“Well?”

“To return to the parchment that was left with my
father.”

“Yes.”

“When I was twenty, my father dropped dead from a
siroke of apoplexy. In falling, he overtumed a light
that was buming near him. The house was destroyed,
and with it the parchment. I sought, first of all, to /save
the body of my father from the fire. My mother had
been in her grave many years.” I

"But the parchment!" .

“I rescued only a small portion of it—but it contained
nothing—-nothing save the secret of my vast wealth. That
I didﬁndl It told me where to ﬁnd a fortune so vast that
I might ransom with it the nations of the earth.”

“Most men would have thought that suﬂicient,” said
the detective dryly.

“What! A mere fortune in, gold and jewels, as against
" the purpose of almost a thousand years?”

"Go on.” .
_ "I need not tell you of that fortune now. Some day

‘I will show you the secrets of it. But I set out at once
without‘ waiting until I was twenty-one to ﬁnd the
._ promised land.” p I

“And you found the-gold, and the jewels-—the riches.”
 j“Yes. Then I built-this vessel, after plans of my own.
,‘You shall know more of her ere long. I equipped her.
I manned her with care and prudence, and there is not a
man among those who serve me who would not do my
 no matter what the consequence.
 sitice that time, Carter—while this vessel was
buildjng, and since—-I have searched the mountains of
South America from end to and, from side to side, from

   

  

and frtin isthmus to cape—with no result. I have cruised
05 the coasts; I have ascended and descended rivers; I
havtﬂown in balloons, and with no success.

    
  
  

pgvtoread. Therest,youknow.'i , g
, ‘ﬁevstarted «to his feet, swallowed what remained of

   

 abruptly; and Nick turned to Ten-Ichi. whose eyes

-walouleeatratedupouwhathehadheard.
A'1‘en+Ich_i. «in: do you think of it all?” asked

1

  

CK CARTER WEEKLY.‘ .

suppose that it was sent out by my people; I only did ,

 bottom, from summit to base, from ocean to ocean‘

‘Thsneamethebirdwithitsmessage. Icai-rieditto._

staring straight ahead of him, and whose whole at- _,

_- strange locality they were seeking?‘ It, remained 

 

-;

 

“Yes.” -

“It has the sound of truth, and there are coincidences.”

“Striking ones.” . _:

At that moment Lief Larsen reentered the cabin. He L‘
was followed by four men who carried between them a
large cage, inside of which, upon a perch, was a large
bird of the color of chocolate save that its head and its
tail-feathers were white as snow; and a glance told the
detective that it was some rare specimen of the eagle
family.. '

“The messenger," said Larsen, as the men placed the
cage upon the cabin-table.

“What?” exclaimed the detective, as the men with-
drew from the cabin. “You have kept the bird which
brought the message to your deck?”

“It is there. Moreover, we have become very good
friends, although it will have nothing to do with others.
Stand a little back if you will, please.” ' _

He opened the door of the cage, and, reaching inside . T;
with his arm, waited for the bird to step sedately upon Q,’
it; then he drew it forth and began to talk to it‘ in a low
tone and in guttural Norwegian which.the bird seemed
to understand.

It turned its head to one side and glared upon him ~'
with its sharp eyes; then it roughed its feathers and ut-
tered a scream which must have been intended to repre-
sent pleasure, but which suggested almost anything but
that emotion.

“It is strange,” said Larsen, as he returned it to the
cage, “but the language I spoke to it just now, it seems
to understand; and that language was the ancient Norse,
now as much a dead language as the ancient Greek.” ,

“The bird was not injured, then, when it alighted upon ‘ ..
the deck of the yacht said Nick. 

“It was tired-——exhausted. God sent the bird to me, 
Carter. God will direct -that the bird shall take me to 
her.” I

“You will use it as a guide!” said Nick, starting to his
feet. V ..

“Aye, aye. I will use it—eve will use the eagle as'a
guide.” '

      
     
       
         
    
   
       
    
  

    
 
    
 
 
 
 

CHAPTER VII.
rm: CAVERN IN THE MOUNTAIN.

The day came which saw our adventurers in the port
of‘ Buenos Ayres; and it also saw them depart that same
evening, steaming up the Paraguay River, for it had:
been agreed between them that this was to-be their  ’
for the present. ,_ c 

Many had been theudiscussiqns during the voyage, con-
cerning the object of theirmission, for Nick Carterlladt
agreed with Larsen in his faith in the existence of the

 
      
     
  

  
   
 

 
     

  

  
  
 
 
   
     
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
     
  
 
   
    
 
   
   
 
  
   
  
 

NE\V;.. NICK

Tnraguay River in the yacht as far as C orrientes, which
 hundred miles and more from Buenos Ayres.

” The detective discovered that Larsen was familiar
with every turn and twist of the great river, and knew
its waters as well as if he were an established pilot
«through them.

 ~~At Corrientes the Parana River branches off to the
‘ 'eaStward and extends, with its vast system of thorough-
fares, far into the heart of Brazil; and thirty-ﬁve miles
_farther north, on the Paraguay, the Bermejo River runs
jhlto it; and this comparatively unknown river reaches
«town from the loftiest and most impassable section of
the Cordillera de lo: Andes. _ ‘ _
It was up this latter‘ river, to its.source, if need be,
 the party determined to venture first. although the
~ =~ "and its tributaries had never been visited by

is

I

. »“I have been up the Bermejos over four hundred miles
 “ already,” be said to Nick, when they were studying
g L maps that were spread upon the table in the cabin.
f‘There is an Indian village called Oran that is between
-Sour and ﬁve hundred miles up that river from the Para-
’ 9137. where I have stayed, and where I have made
i i. with the natives. For the beginning of our
a rintint quarter we will make Oran our strategic-
’I

  

‘-.-"Fell me about the place,” said Nick.
T'l"_here is little or nothing to say of the place itself,”
the reply. “It is merely a’ group of huts situated at
‘.1 at a mountain that is so big and so high that
‘ convinced that ithas never been measured; and, if

 i thatit would prove to be one of the highest
v  of the world.”

= »5~o’IIe  mountain--or chain of enormous

“if you please-a-by itselfyand it extends north

",9-‘e-uaeorass  iviiereit flows along the base
. pp 1 «  1  rises thou-
ﬁgig;_ﬁn,»ﬁ,~~aurnooﬂr”-uid as  as glass:
.}t»i?i°W."*.** 2 °'?‘*'°.<".="'*~”P9*° °i*h=
\ "  -trsﬁhsv-ewér-f:rr,.miI=ss
V  'i‘!%§i;.¥‘?7!#d*'5%

 the
i9;,sp,~£ts an-.1  

  

     
  

ionstllfs 

  

   

CARTER VVEEKLY.

1;

derstand something of the resources of this remarkable
man.

At Corrientes a berth was found for the yacht where
she could lie in waiting for, their return; and here the
crew were busy for many days getting out steel sec-
tional plates from the hold which they ﬁtted together
with a skill that showed it was not the first time they
had done it; and the result was, after almost a week of
labor that a beautiful little vessel, forty feet long, roomy,
comfortable, and of shallow depth was made ready for
them to proceed upon their voyage.

Then three men from the crew of the Viking were
selected to acompany them, and with the little vessel fully
provisioned and equipped and provided with every ar-
ticle which they could think of which might be useful
on their trip, the Lief was put under way for the voyage.

We have nothing to do with the voyage up the Berme-
jos, although a quarto volume might easily be ﬁlled with
a description of it.

-At Oran, which is at the base of the huge mountain al-
ready described, they rested three days while they com-
pleted their preparatiom for the more hazardous part
of the trip; for now they were to cut themselves loose
entirely from the last semblance of civilization and were
to penetrate into regions hitherto unknown to the white
man.

In order that the reader will more readily understand
the geography of the place where they next made a halt,
try to imagine a huge mountain which towers many
thousand feet into the air and which at its southern ex-
tremity comes to a point that is almost as sharp as the
angle of 3 letter V ; and this point is directed as straight
south as the needle of the compass would be after cross-
ing the equator. ‘ ’

And here the river they were following made its turn,
sharply around the angle already described. It came
from unknown regions to the northward, ﬂowing in a
southeasterly course, and here made an abrupt turn and
started away again in a northwesterly direction along the
route they laid come.

The time was about the middle of the forenoon oti
Sunday when they reached this point; and here, in a safe
place, the Lief was moored near the shore.

‘:Now, Carter," said the Norwegian, "I will show you
the source of my great‘ wealth. ‘You will ‘admit’, after
that, the authenticity offthe chart I have followed: and
you will he mnviieedsal think. that if one part of the

 I £%-incorrect. theother puts nmst he

;1‘Gauin|r:s':.'th=‘d8¢=ﬁ'& ‘s  
L:rsen«;ns.ﬂut.'iu~‘a lﬂ@¢Dt;_iiKl'ilc continued: a
.,“.lhnv§¢anldyI:uthatithenutcitliesuollIsavedtran
3 the  information which ledum to the

 -genonnntzrcd in» 

4 

     

      

after I had the necessary directions. I might explain,
however, that I was ultimately led to this river, which
was referred to at first by a name which did not appear
on any map,,but later which appeared tinder the name
Berrnejos, sometimes spelled with a B and sometimes with
a'V, which are almost the same in Spanish. The two
letters are really interchangeable; but you already know
that.” , '
Nick nodded his head in the affirmative.
“My searches ﬁnally brought me here. I was poor
— ’then; but I had four men‘ with me who were faithful.
, They were my navigator arid the three remaining oﬁicers
ofthe Viking. ..
"We came to this point. We anchored almost in the
.same spot where our anchor rests at this moment. We
spent three months here, searching for the place which I
if ' shall show you in less than half an hour. Come.”
The three, Nick Carter, the Norwegian, and Ten Ichi,
embarked in a small boat, which had been brought with
‘them on the deck of the Lief, and, after crossing the

  

 ,H the mountain until they arrived very nearly to the point
iyof rocks which formed the angle.

 , -Here they came upon a cavernous opening in the face
_of the smooth cliff out of which the water of_ the river
"flowed with violence, forming an eddy which was almost
 a whirlpool as soon as it came into the open.

‘ ; vLarsen pointed toward the cavernous opening, which
I was in the form of an arch ﬁfty feet wide at the surface
of the river; and he said: '

f‘We go through that hole, Carter.”

‘ Nick looked at the place, and shrugged his shoulders.
I “It is an easy thing to say,” he replied, “but it looks
tome as if it would be impossible to force a boat, with
cars, against that current, or even to pass the whirl-
ﬁl.” V .
*-‘‘So it would be——now,” repliedthe lilorwegian. "‘T_wo
 ago «that hole was full of water, and it gushed
 the opening like a jet from a charged siphon; in
ﬂtbather half-hour it will be as still as a mill-pond and’
am 'a little while it will remain so. It is then that we
 thl'0I1gh.”' I \

,;A.nd then?” asked Nick.

'"'l,1Ie,a-I will show you- the rest.”

   
 

  

  

   
  

   
 
   
 

_   the  added:

It was a long time before I dared to go through that
I -had only a raft to do it with. = I did. not know
 Wal_;b¢yond, save for what theold parchment told
fter a little you willhe stattledgby’ a noise which
 earslike the siren whistle-of a dozen
"is, New York harbor, audit will shriek around‘
f   hot‘;  ﬁends. 

. L Q‘

    
 
  

  

NEW NICK CAR'l‘ER WEEKLY.

it river to the opposite side, they rowed along the base of _

 waited for the waters to subside, and while‘,

_ you heard it,” said Larsen, with a~ smile; !and it was

"1 should have felt inclined to turn tail and m.f'.‘, -

   , are you mdy? -Pull st¢3$l5l9’. now. andétmncbn 

   
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
 

believe that it is made by the spirit that haunts this re- . ”'
gion. It is needless to say that they shun this spot and
that there is no inducement which will persuade one of
them to come within three miles of where we now are."

“Go on,” said the detective.

“I have a scientiﬁc explanation for the noise, which
also explains the phenomenon of the rising and falling
of the water which passes through this hole.”

“Of course,” said the _detective.

“It is that somewhere farther up this river there is a
hollow in the mountain which is shaped like a fountain
ink-well; that the river ﬂows into the cup of this well,
and so it gradually ﬁlls what we will call the bulb, until
the resistance of the compressed air inside the bulb be
comes so great that it will not ﬁll any fuller. This re-
sistance would turn the current of the river back into its if
natural course, and the water which had been forced ‘ 
into the bulb ‘in the manner I have described, would 
escape by any means it could ﬁnd; that is to say, it would
flow back out by the way it entered, and it would also
seek, any other opening that might be found.

“One of those openings is this hole, here—and I sup-
pose there are others, also.

“Now, when the last jet of water is forced from the
bulb where it has been compressed by the weight of the
water of the river, the air, or the gases there, escape with
a sudden rush which——”

“Which creates the noise you have “described.”

“Exactly.” V , ‘ .

“And that portion of ‘the volume of the river itself
which has been diverted from its natural course returns ‘
to it for a time, and this hole, ere the water has been T_
rapidly falling since we have been waiting here, becomes
almost dry?” ‘

“You have guessed it. The marvelous part of it all
is that the phenomenon is repeated every six hours with
the regularity of clock-work. Hark, now!‘ In another
moment you will——’’ 

He had not completed the sentence when a noise like ‘K
unto a thousand steam whistles that were sounded as one
ﬁlled the air about them with a deafening sound which
was as terrifying has it was wonderful.

It seemed to proceed from every side at once, and it !
continued for a full minute. after which it gradually died ;
away to a low ‘wail, until it was lost in the utter silence I
of the mountain fastnesses.

“I am almost sorry that I told you of the sound before

      
      
 

  
 
       
    
         
 
    
 

  
   
    
      
   
   
     
   
    
   
 
   
      
       
      
  

Ten-Ichi who replied to the remark. _ V, §
{*1 am‘ glad that you did tell us,’_’, he said. “I for.one$:
should have been almost as bad as the natives-—-I 

  
  
  

    

"Hardly that," said Larsen, laughing. “You 
look to me as if you._ were built exactly that way.: 

  

  

  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
    
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
 

v

1» the boat. You have about ﬁfteen. minutes hard
tpull before you, through the darkness.”

And then the little boat, with its three occupants, shot
through the opening in the rocks and was lost in the
blackness that was beyond.

 Ten-Ichi found himself wondering how a man
had ever had the courage to search that terrible spot for
first time; for Ten—Ichi still had much of the super-
‘ atitions of his people coursing in his blood.

 

CHAPTER VIII.

THE VALLEY OF GOLD.

~  they had not proceeded far before Larson turned
 3. headlight that he had provided for the small boat,
 the reflection of it. showed the others that they were
V_ J a lofty cavern. the walls of which reﬂected back
@011  the rays of the light as if from millions of
At*last they stopped beside a platform of rock, and
Larsen directed them to get out of the boat, and.
;.  the way, with the end of a long rope in his
5, they climbed up a series of steps that had been
_,in stone, until they had ascended to a height of
feet. . .
ere the Norwegian made the rope fast to a ring that
'  in the’ rock, and, putting out the light he car~
in his hand, he pointed ahead of them to where a
1'”-4 i‘Of daylight COIJla be SCCB. ‘ V ‘
“0.nrboat isimade fast now,” he said. “It will follow
 and fall o‘f the water and will be perfectly safe
‘we return. Follow me, now.” _ V —
'  a winding course, they presently emerged
, ‘ the’eive_rn.upon an open space; and. here it was as
 shovel had scooped out an oblong section of
 from the top down; and on every side of
I I were holes like cavems,,or like the shafts df
_  they really ‘were.;__and before the entrance
of_theholestherewerepilesofmetal,in‘theshape
‘  together like stove-wood. . ‘
gtgggg piles was ‘quite near, and Ten-Ichi uttered

  

  

. ‘_‘It is 

  
 
 

I‘  as pure gold, andllingfplainifsightifrom
  tl__u-ee_ miles-~by two of
. y_  itl’tol_'!sancl3ip.’Of tons or
  '  ﬁtis  

' I ’- here‘;‘_Cartet, TEIdy’t§"l)“¢

s

ft.

‘this continent, which had been almost a level plain be-

e ;gold, in fact. It ygm will‘: search carefully .
 of those min'es,- you will discovperthep
“  smeltc1fsT“'B1'Ul?°9¢P1'l¢3)'0usee .
these  the~’plaee'we'seek,’«’ said Larsui, “the
and when-we ate readyto return, we will_take7'abaut~a

_maIi,oaﬁ
 ..;aj._ %*

   

NEW ‘NICK CARTER ‘WEEKLY. 17

“Yes. _ \Vould you like to hear how I explain it, Car-
ter ?”

' “I certainly would.”

“I must hark you back to the Platonic authority for
the existence of Atlantis. My idea is that at that time
all South America was a colony of Atlantis, just as now
Australia is a colony. or group of colonies. of Great

,Britain. I think-that gold was then mined for other

purposes than wealth and money. It was used for dec-
orative purposes. It was too common to be of great
value; but it was malleable, non~corrosive, and adapted
for many uses.

“Here were located extensive mines of it—and here,
when that great convulsion of the earth came upon the
world, that convulsion which destroyed Atlantis until it
disappeared in the sea and which brought into view as’
an oﬁsetting balance the towering mountains which
cover the face of the South American continent, this
mining center was miraculously preserved.

“Doubtless, at that time, following upon the convul-_
sion, there was no way‘ out of this oblong valley that
was left. It might have been ﬁlled, for centuries, with
water which has gradually leeched away or evaporated.
Doubtless many thousands of workers in these mines met
with death in this valley. They were crushed by falling
rocks, drowned by the inrush of mighty waters, or met
death by starvation. unable to get out after the walls of
mountains had been heaped around them: but they left
behind them the fruits of their labors. which, thousand

of years later. my ancestor was to discover. ’.
“The continent of Atlantis was swallowed by the ocean:

fore, became what it now is.

“But you know now what is the source of my wealth.
When I want gold I come here to get it. Those ingots
weigh ﬁfty pounds each. A ton of gold is worth, ap- .
proximately, ﬁfty thousand dollars.” _ 1 - ‘

“But how in the world do you transport it in safety .
to ‘the Viking?” asked Ten~Ichi. ‘

The ‘Norwegian laughed.

“Very easily,” he said. “Outside. near where we left '-
the Lief, I build rafts——I load my gold upon the rafts; '
I cover the gold with canvas. The current of therivéri ;
ﬂoats the raft for me. The Viking can ascend the Ber- ,
mejo almost three hundred miles. Come’! Have you ‘
seenenough?” __ “ , . . '_ ',‘

"Yes." said.Nic|e  . , 7 
» “While you and I and Ten-Iehi are searching through

    
 
     

 

         
   
   
  
    
  
  
  

  
  
  

men»we,~bro'ught with us will be getting gold from 

  

   
  

«rouarsfm 

.

 
 
  

with us. for podcetenioney.”-*1"?

   

 

 

  
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 

care to take away with you, now or at any time in the
‘future’, Carter. Come." , - . ‘

- They returned in silence to the boat, emharked again,
and so ﬂoated again out of the interior of the mountain
 _ before the water had risen enough to interfere with their
' '. P‘'9g’e35- i

' But when they were again in the cabin of the L-ief,
 Nick said to Larsen:

 “And now, captain, what are your plans?”

».“I will tell you, Carter ;” and he raised his right hand
I? pointed toward the caged eagle that had been brought
 withthem to the mountains. Then he added:

4 ' “While we were coming up the river I wrote a letter
A ,-i—or, rather, a message—on parchment as thin and as

~. ,He crossed to asmall desk and producedthe parch-
ment, and he read:

*"*‘If this should meet theeye of him who wrote to
Nick Carter, know that Mr. ' Carter is among these
 in search of the writer; that he has assitance;
 he will keep up the search for months or years, if
 The writer of the message to Nick Carter is
to write more-—and rnore<-—and more. To catch
 birds and send out messages constantly, ‘if that is
possible, and to resort to "every possible device for sig-
 such as sending up columns of smoke, if that is
 If a human messenger can be sent out, let him
V sent td7t‘hc southernmost point of the‘ river Bennejo,
I’ I: it turns around the spur of the mountain that
 let him wait there, months, ‘if need be, to

 
  
   

 
 
  

  

  

   
 

 it isall right": _ .

Here  ‘another message, in the
1-. with it. It  V 
a. descendant. of the  kings of Norseland
 tl1is,'lniowthatI.a'efI.;arsenis in these_moun-

old Norse tongue,

  

  

' NEW  CARTER. ‘WEEKLY. .

 light as that which you received. I will read it to you.” A

imfm there.”

 M ,‘,   , 1..
Iinwgmany shafts  there‘ in:

  
 

‘Outside, the day had advanced to afternoon. but the
sun was still an hour or more high.

“Would it not be better to wait till morning?” asked 
Nick. - ' 

“No. I think not. Let us lose no time. If this bird
is at home in this region, he will soon discover where he
is. He may remain about here, near us; for some days,
but ultimately be will get his bearings, and then he will
disappear. He will return from whence he came. He
will ﬁnd again that very caged tower from whence, he re-
ceived the message, and he will go to it for food, just as
he used to do. Look!” gs

He raised his arm in the air and then brought it down
with a sudden jerk, and the bird, ﬁnding that nothing
hampered its movements, uttered a loud cry of joy and
spread its huge wings.

In another moment it was circling up and up toward
the tops of the mountains. and the three men stood there
and watched it until it grew smaller and smaller and
ﬁnally became a mere speck over their heads; and then
it disappeared from view over the top of the mountain
toward the north. _

And then‘ Larsen turned to the detective.

“Carter,” he said, “I resign now.”

“Resign!” exclaimed Nick. “Resign what?”

"The command of this party. You are now the chief.
I will obey orders as implicitly as each member of the
crew of the Viking obeys me. From now on you are the
chief.”

“But

 

 

 
   
   
 
  
   
  
     
     
    
      
    

” began the detective; but Larsen interrupted
him with awave of his arm. ‘
“I have been here before,” he said. “I have searched h
around here before. I have met with no success. Now, ‘
instead of being a leader, I will follow. You are now '_
the leader; Ten-Ichi and I will be your assistants.” ' L I
Nick wasthoughtful for a moment. Then he said :4
“I am sorry that you did not suggest that idea three ~
hqurs ago.” i I - '
7“YiQu are! Why ?” asked Larsen. }
f‘Because Ishould have released the eagle inside the
valley of gold.” ‘ 4
I “Eh? But why?" 
“There is perhaps no good reason why. It has only oc-
curred to me that hewould possibly, get a better start;

 

      
 
 
    
        
       
      
 
     
 

“I don't see why. Even now he has passed directly’
over that valley of gold, as you have nainedit.” «

“Tell me,” said Nick, after another pause, “have 
ever searched through,any,of the old mines? Through

      
    

a;.,,s:a:ts..ime.ne’' '. t -   7-
“Through some af»thern#-yes‘; but with no result.”-=
“ Q dtd’ydu_,ﬁud.>'' : A - -~ A!
 n '. . 

    
    

L ,/

IF‘? 

     
  

   

   

    

And how many have you explored?”
“Teri, I think. Not more than that.”
“I understand from your manner that you never had
that you would discover. the secret in that manner.

,.yle have impassable mountain walls on one side of us,
i and a country which we do, not need to search. on the

iiirotn here, which affords the least hope of success, lies
through that valley-—-throug‘h one of the mine-shafts of

«“Possibly,” said Larsen, with a shrug. “You are the
" der. From now on I go only where you lead,
. ,, .

3 “In that case,” said Nick quietly, “my- orders are these:
ythe morning early we will pack as many provisions
can carry. We will enter the valley again_as soon
possible, and we will.'not leave it again until we have
~- every shaft that is there-—or, at least; until we
‘discovered a way out of it which is not the way we
Are any’ of these shafts vertical?”

0. They are all what a miner calls ‘drifts.’ Some
-1: -upward, some downward}?

\’.‘e_Good_; then we will follow those drifts one after
'er,vuntil we know where they "lead. Or until one
them has led us to-—shall I call it the ‘Promised

Id ’-I

CHAPTER Ix.’
TEE INDEX 01-‘ THE SEVEN HOLES.

  just breaking in themorning. when the three
 as with (me impulse, for ‘there was an excite-
’iit the air which each of them felt, although they
«H - it in diﬁerent ways.
 Nick Carter was _the. first one to
 and instantly be reentered the cabin. ’
," he called}. ‘tyotit eagle is out there waiting
)8 L x ~
I”   * “ ‘

. ,   “He is waiting
~   yhttwttia catchhim 
 thriller with 98‘-”.’

  hole. in the side

 eh-.:meIte theimuey torthe valley

 nip,dé}ine.of.thc party. still with the
iaski=nésl§und.e§§it§'vv'm8: R -"'

 
  

 
  

  

NEW NICK ‘CARTER WEEKLY.

\Larsen, and let it ﬁnd its own way out.

 ',_la_t€r,i  iwaterwas in a right‘

-   there and take a regular come.
“"3 N7

 

. st...»

19

   
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
    
 
    
   
  
  
   
  

“It will not_ return a second time,” said Nick, when
they came _out upon the level plain of the valley of gold.
“At least, not at once. Open the door of the cage,
We will walk
away and leave it so.”

And so they iumed their backs upon the king of birds;
but they had not gone far before they heard it utter its
scream directly over their heads, and, watching it, Nick
saw it soar away toward the north again. .

It has been said that the valley was oblong—an oblong
square. Its direction was. exactly north and south: and
now the eagle sailed directly to the hightestlpoint of
rocks at the northern end of the valley, where it alighted
for a moment.

Then, with a second loud scream, it started away again
and disappeared; nor did they see anything of it again
for many weeks.

“It is rather certain,” said the detective, “that our way
lies toward the north. Twice the bird has departed in
that direction. We will move our packs to the north end
of the valley and begin the search there. How far is it, t
Larsen?” ‘

“Three miles-—a little more.”

“It looks barely a mile.”

“I know; but you will realize the distance before you
have carried your pack across it.”

“I have no doubt of that.”

As they approached it, Nick studied the face of the
almost smooth cliffs before them.

From side to side the valley covered an extent approx-
imating two miles, and the face of the cliﬁ had been
punctured here and there by holes into which the an-
cient miners had delved in their search for gold.

Doubtless gold was less to thern then, in value, than
lead is to us now; that is. if its value could be calcu-
latedrfrom t_he'method they had employed in molding it
into ingots and piling it haphazard on every side. 

In that particular portion of the cliffs there were only i ,;
seven of these holes, while the opposite ends of the‘ ‘_‘
valley and both sides, also, had been perforated much .5
more frequently. ‘ it

And as the party of three approached nearer to the
cliﬁ at the end of the valley, Nick discovered another,
peculiar thing about those holes; a signiﬁcant .oue, he ‘if
thought, too. ‘

’Turning to the Norwegian, he asked: '
‘fYou say that you searched through ten of the mine-,

shafts, or drifts, whatever you choose ‘to call them?" »

    
    
    
      

   
 

;“Yes.”  z _ I -
, ‘fAre any; of those ten that you searched located in
the cliffs we are approaching?” .

  
    
 

  

z“No: they areal! at the‘oppoeite'ethi. I thoughts!

  

 all; but it didnfeaiee
- @=t1:gt:_:atj1 P“r,s;ed‘atat eating I woiﬂci

  

   

 

  

 « rays:

 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 

domed it, after exploring ten of them.”
“And they were all at the other end?"

T'‘Yes.’’ '»

“Have you ever studied the end we are approaching,
with any partieularcare ?” ._

. y,’e‘1' cannot say that I have; that is, not with more care
 I have devoted to the other three walls of the
,;,n,y_” .

'“Look" at it now‘--carefully—-—and tell me what you»
due,” said -the detective quietly, at the same time stopping
 putting_ down his pack in order to converse with
greater “freedom as well as to rest a few moments.”
'’‘‘I  a cliff about three thousand feet high, I should
Mtge,” was the reply, smiling. .

“What else, Larsen 3'’ I a

“A. lot of holes are in the ‘cliff; is that what you

  

And you a sailor?”

By Jove, Carter! You are right!” I

“What do you see now ?” asked Nick,»-itlt asmile.
“‘I7ne ‘seven stars of the Big Dipper, as sure as you’re a

V V ‘ “Iran.” / . i ‘ . '

 Larsen. Now, when we look into, the I.

" I .,at night, in ‘northern latitudes, we see the Big

   

 
  
 

7lit._is;1got vist’ble--itilislnever visible in this 

    

  not  be  is it, that the ‘ancients
 mines thousand years ago, knew
   ’h_ca‘vens?”’ "

  

 y no "   io.fl,,yoirrsl.vv*!no came
 orway, kn;-.1 all about  heavens,
  ,3;  at-animate Iewhtieh showed’.

  
  

 lsntzthat true =

  

itgtl"  ’ “as  
     , .t¢!i5¢f¢>ft*s‘s¢Is9s<”ﬁ°.e».",1
 5 ore; bet. .I_,n¢rsr,~'é° Fmdl

 I  ta  ye»;  ‘xxs;’r;qt;_t'

 

   

  
  
  

INEW7 NlCK\ CARTER WEEKLY.

  test of my natural life in the effort. I aban- '

‘you would have to turn around and stand with youn

' seven holes were made there by deliberate design, to

I ward Jongelhingf’ .

. from the floor of the valley?” V

   
 

valley was as old, to all appearance, then, as it is’ now._
And now arises the question: If all this gold that is
piled around us was here, in view, when he came here,

-what possible reason could he have for mining more 

of it ?" .
“None, I should say.” .
“Exactly. And, in that case, he had another and a

better reason than the search for gold,‘ for making those

holes; eh ?” _

“You are right. You are right.”

“Do you notice another thing about the position of
the seven holes, Larsen?”

“Look here, Carter, I’m taking lessons now; I’m not 
giving them. I sit humbly at your feet to learn. Tell I
me what you notice about them.” ‘i‘

“The stars of the Big Dipper, as they are located in
the heavens, point with the two outside stars of the A .
bowl, directly——or nearly so——-toward the North Star,
do they not?” ' I

“Yes. That is the first thing that a sailor learns.”

The detective took a compass‘ from his pocket and
held it so that Larsen could see it.

“Now,” he said, “if you will notice the position of the
holes in that wall of rock, in relation to north, you will L

 
 
    
       
       
    
   
    

see ‘at the two holes at the end of the bowl of the
Dip r could not, in the way they are placed, point at
the Star, even if it were visible at night in this y y

   

part of the world.” _
“That is true.” -
“And if you wished to look at the Southern Cross,

     
  
 

back to that cliﬁ.”
“Yes.” ' _ '
“Well, doesn’t it follow, as a bit of logic,‘ that if the

       
   

represent the,Great Bear, or Big*Dipper of the heavens, ~
the two indicative holes or'stars were made to pointto- '

      
 
 

   

“I think it -does--‘decidedly. By the way, that con-’
stellation is sometimes called the Plough, in my country.” ‘
, “I know. Have you ever visited this end of the valley "
at. all?” y ’ 4 . . 

,“I, have never  nearer than we are now, to it.” ’

“How high up should you judge those holes to be.

      
   
     
 

   

_j"rhe highestyone, perhaps in... hundred feet 
the hottoxn; the lowest  here it  "Z

  
  
     
   
 

to be ovcfﬁfty ﬂeet up.” . ,  
. ‘‘'17hath,.is about what  make them to be. Now,
doiyou COllcl(1¢2_le.“_ftOfn that ?” 4

   

'-‘e‘»Co9‘\':ludc? Nothing."

     

at  

  

    
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
     
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
  

now? Those that you see elsewhere than at this
 end?”
I «highest isn’t above thirty or forty ieet.”
‘ y; and every one that is well up on the .face of
k is easily approached from the floor of the valley
foot, is it not?” ’

It ” . 4
. " these that are ahead of us are situated upon a
side of.the cliﬁ‘, and there is no apparent way to
any one of them.” -
r _’s so. I had not thought of that, either.”
I» do you make of it now that your attention has
, called to it.” E
’. f dolft know. I give it up. You are conducting this
’t you noticed also that there are no piles of
 at the north end of the valley?”

°ce it now.” -

«v are there piles of gold at either side, near the
 That goes to indicate that the gold-bearing
about /here did not extend to the north. For half
iron! the north end of the valley, on either side

._ ﬁlere are no mine-shafts in the eliﬁs. Have you
.x_. gar, ‘ .

t   youyour'se1f'.wly the holes
Kin the northern wallof the valley?”

do you reply to the question?”
"_toit£orrme." » « e X _
 were put there to pointout to you the
' ' _ travel aftei you arriyedithis far on your
ifyou had‘ save?! all of the parchment from
  your father's house, that  would
-  30 YOIIQ" A * , I

  

eendofthe

_ NEW .NICK' CARTER WEEKLY. 21

"Beyond there, somewhere, lies the land I seek. What
it is I do not know, but I swear that I will never leave
here again until it is found, even if I have to remain here
alone in my search, and even if I have to die here, with-
out discovering it at all.” ~

He turned, then, and extended his hand.

“Thank you, Carter,” he said, with feeling. “You are
my best f_riend. I knew that I had discovered one when
I called upon you at your home and took the letter to you.
Shall we go on, now?”

“Yes.”

“How are we to reach those holes? That is the'ques-
tion.”

“I think,” replied Nick, “that if there is a way through
them or through one of them, that there will also be a
way to them.”

“Without doubt.”

“This place is not a resort for visitors. It would
hardly be necessary to conceal a way through that cliff,
from a. chance wanderer who might enter this_valley.
The lure of the gold he would have found ready at hand
would have been bar enough to keep him from attempt-
ing to go farther.” -

“That it would.” ‘

They picked up their packs again and hurried onward
toward the wall of rocks, now enthused by tl1e_result of
their reasoning; and when at last they deposited their
burdens at-the base of the cliffs and looked at the time,
they found that it was _not yet noon.

"A hearty meal before we go a step farther,” said the
detective; “and while I prepare it, you two may go in
Search of water.’,’ ’ .

Shortly after one o'clock they started forward again,
Nick leading them directly toward the lowest of the
seven holes; and here, not very greatly to their sur-,
prise, they found that a series of steps had been cut
into Lthe'rocks while each one of them was fashioned so
that it also afforded a firm hold for the ﬁngers.

Y By seizing upon the one that was a short distance
‘higher than the head, the body might be drawn up so

l

that the'feet';eould be placed in the first step; then, by » I

pulling the body up again, another step was‘ gained;
and so on, to the top. . _ .
And detective held back and pointed toward
the steps inthe-rocks. .
“Will you go first, Larsen?',he asked.

,,“No;youareuneIaidei-here,"  g 

“Nevertheless, you arrthe eizpeeted heir.’

“All the same, younhall lead the party. But for you’ 

Ishauld  foolish searchlattbe

“ . 5°   3* 5*°='*+ it 
 ' ;" ‘I 

 
 

. _ , ifleearchedhereat all. You 
way,-at;dyou'mu$ 1,ad.". 1 '  ~

  
   
   
    
 
      
   

 22

’ did, and with no more to cling to than they had, is no
'mean task; but these were not men who were easily
daunted, and they did not hesitate.

When Nick climbed out upon the platform of the “hole
in the wall" he tufned, and one by one helped his friends
up beside him; and then they found themselves standing
at the entrance of what looked like a cavern save that
there were evidences on every side that the hand‘ of man
had made it.

Before them yawned a black hole; and now the de-
tective brought into use a bundle of withes that he had
carried with him up the face of the rock, and which he
had strapped to his back without explaining to what use
he intended to put them.

Now he did explain.

“It is my idea,” he said, “that each of the seven holes
1 means something. At least, even if they did not, I
;; V would like to mark each one of the seven that we reach--\

so.” ‘

He tore a strip of white cloth from a piece he had
’brought with him and tied it to the end of one of the
withes, and this he fastened into the rock so that it pro-

‘ jected out over the cliff.

 e “There,” he said. “If we come out again at one of
' the other holes, we will see that bit of cloth, and we
will know the location of the first hole we visited; and so
on. Come.”

"He lighted a lantern that had also been strapped to his
back-—each of them was provided'with one—and led the
way into the hole.

For a. short distance the way was perfectly level; but
then it began to ascend a steep angle, and,'after a climb
of only a few moments they saw daylight ahead of
them.

“Here is the second hole,” said the detective; and he
 was right, for a moment later they came to the opening
‘ and looked down again upon the valley; and below
 A them, to the left, they could see the white streamer that
‘A Nick had fastened there.
This hole, they found, was like the muzzle,,of a double-
v  barrel shét-gun, for it had two entrances, or, rather, there
' "i were two holes, side by side. , 4
.: ‘They had issued from the one to the east; ngw they
 at the one to the west; and again ascended and
"traveled a considerable distance.

  

 
 

         
       
     
   
    
   
      
        
   
    
 

  
    
    
       
     
 

‘tame they went"‘and the steep they climbed were each/
 than the first time; and now, when the detective
looked out  the plain of thevalley, he not only dis-
   directly above the first hole-the
,'at which they had entered the rock, but he also ﬁg-
-‘ they were at least two hundred feet above the
. ‘  _ _therefote,, they must be at the highest

: .’

NEVV NlCK CARTER XVEEKLY.

The first experience was repeated, only thatlthe dis- V

p _ Nick struck a- match and lighted his lantern, and, .

 

Again there were two entrances, only this time they 4"
branched sharply away from each other. 
Pausing only to rest a moment, they went on again; -i
and now their way became ditﬁcult. 
In places the passage was like a well-hole, and they "i '
were obliged to climb up these by the same means that 
had been employed in scaling the face of the rock out- A
side. In other places there were level reaches alongl_,.1‘,
which they traveled with ease. R.
'And thus, climbing and walking, they proceeded for :»
three hours without once coming to the light of day; "
and, ‘indeed, as Nick Carter calculated, traveling all the 
time away from the valley and directly into the depths 
of the mountain itself.
At last, upon one of the level places, they stopped to Hi.‘
rest, for here a spring of pure water ﬂowed past the
gallery through the rocks and disappeared again into a
ﬁssure.
But after an hour they started on again. ‘~ ,3;
For three more hours they continued to climb, al-
ternately passing along almost’ level reaches, and 
ascending through the well-like places that were ex- '1' M
tremely difficult; and at the end of that time they came
upon another resting place where a spring gushed out '
from the solid rock, apparently, and ﬂowed away again, ‘
through a crevice. 

  

 

  
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
  

“It is past seven o’clock in the evening, now,” said the?
detective, looking at his watch, and winding it with care
-—-the others following his example——“and the questio
is, Shall we take some sleep now, and proceed after w » ‘
awaken, or shall we continue the search after a sho
frest.” ' -

\ “We are under your orders,” said Larsen. “Of course
you know my impatience; but you are in comman ,,,__,
What are the orders?”

  
 
 
      
     

  

we can renew the supply. After that we will lie down
to sleep.”

“For how long, Carter?”

"‘Until'we awaken naturally. Let the ﬁrst and seco
one who arouse wait quietly until the others are aw . ‘
How is that?”

“All right. ‘ Here goes.” , 

And so, after a very little time, each of the three wl
sleeping quietly, for the fatigues of the day had v’
suﬂicient to render them all subjects for sound sl

It was Nick Carter who opened his eyes first; but

  

  

   
 
  

  

heard a stir beside him, and knew that Larsen -
rousedbhimself; and then Ten-Ichi also started wi
awake. ' ’ ~

 

    
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 

stopping twice during their march and climb to
. - rest themselves,‘ and then taking up the journey
7 but never once approaching any nearer, seemingly,
end of their journey. - ,

 strange,” said Nick, during one of these pauses,
Ethic air, always, seems good in this place. I have
M ‘several times what seemed to be a draft of it,
, were approaching an opening; but each'time' I
"  that I was deceived.” ‘
 one thing,” said Ten~Ichi. “It ‘proves that
A  somewhere in front of us.”

' ‘ ” agreed Larsen. ‘“I have never doubted that.”
e is another thing, which is not quite so pleasant,
’ “have proof of,” said the detective, after a short

is that?” asked Larsen.

that we have either got to turn back and give up
_t search—turn bacléin order to .make a new
 more food with us, or that we must

i 4  get back, if we have to return, iniless than
 time it has taken us to advance, can’t we?”
reply: -i ‘ i I ‘i

H’. .
 {vote that you ﬁgure out just how long the
Jlfacarry us, and that we go ahead on them
1 weidare to before we do turn back.”
V same,” said 

A is  judgment,” said the detective. “I

  onward through the.-same
' ;hndc,_,n,z‘u  tlnf'e-‘first, and again


H  _.

   
 
  

ive two more days on the food we have..

,, ;H°9'~‘et   they an

e go  about one—quarter rations. We will ‘

.....c~   h..£w;a;~h;ac;.;ah.ce-

V solid

23

‘And it was the detective who awakened ﬁrst; and as
he did so he started up and then rubbed his eyes in as
tonishment.

And well he might.

Less than two hundred feet away from him he could
see a large round hole, somewhat lower than the level
at which he had been lying, but through that hole, shining-
like a huge eye upon him, was daylight.

CHAPTER XI.

THE HIDDEN CITY.

As Nick Carter leaped to his feet and rushed to the
exit from the cavern through which they had been strug
gling so long a time, the others of his party awakened
and hurriedgafter him, and in a moment more they were
standing side by side upon a platform of rock overlook-
ing a valley which appeared to their eyes, hungry for the
sight of something, as if it were indeed the promised
land. 

It was a strangely peaceful scene, too, upon which they
gazed; a strangely silent scene, the detective thoughtyas
he looked again, rubbing his eyes to make sure that he _
was not deceived.

The buildings he could see were not more than a mile
distant from where he was standing, and the sun had
just appeared above the mountain tops to the eastward,
glorifying’ the surrounding country with its light.

And’ the brilliant rays of the sun gleamed upon
strangely beautiful buildings which glistened and ’
sparkled as if they were set with gems.

Every large buil_ding—-it should be said here that Nick »

' counthd the buildings as he looked upon ‘them,’ and that

there were-twenty-six in all; no more--each one of the
larger ediﬁces had been ornamented with at least one
dome ; many of them had two; and the domes surmounted
towers «which stood at their- corners, as if it were a par-

 ticular style of architecture which the builders of them

had sought to follow- -. - .
_ And the domes glistenedyellow as gold in the rays "
of the sun asif they were indeed fashioned from that

» But the strangeness of it all! And the silence of _
itcalll L - . . ‘ " '
 was, these two things which impressed the ,detective,

 conipanions,'as well, and which made thern"rub_ V

v.

theirwleyesr a second time to"niakc sure, that‘

n.

‘i:   

_ Not ‘a  ‘Ctr’: Iipto them froin‘tlie_ small 

'  ., whaéhisiaguiqhayc  astir at this-hour cs morning‘;

  
     

 it nota

  

ywei Ir - .

¢

   

sis“ ’_  9:, ’5‘¢!.‘"?“*¥ ’*°r=n:‘ and beg: 

 Each one of the three men who looked upon the scene
were impressed with the same idea of abandonment--or
.of death; and Larsen turned to the deteceitve with a wan

smile on his face.

rived too late.”
The detective nodded his head.

As if with one accord, they waited where they stood,

looking, waiting, and watching.

Ordinarily——that is, if they had detected the presence
~' of human beings in this strange and hidden city-—they
o would have rushed forward without hesitation, toward

it; but now they forgot their. hunger and their hardships
of the past few days, in their dismay at the discovery

they had made.

_ And there was a long silence between them, too; for
W not one of them had an idea to advance to the others

respecting the strange condition that confronted them.

" hen, suddenly, with marked vehemence, the Nor-
wegian seized the arm of the detective, while with his
disengaged hand he pointed toward the tallest and‘
largest of the buildings that were before them in the’

valley. ‘

 

E.

'the,same thing at the same instant.

  

M building toward which he was pointing.

  

 /with impatience for an opportunity to use them.

  t.r¢ii~wa. « i

   
  
   

  ‘dome near where he stood. ~

  

“It would seem, Carter,” he said, “that we have ar-

“imaining a moment where it had alighted, it uttered a

But there was no need to point; all had discovered
 \ Al solitary ﬁgure had come out upon the Hat roof of the

 5 It was the ﬁgure of a man, and in an instant the de-
tective had unslung his ﬁeld-glasses from his shoulders
i and brought them to his eyes, while the.others waited

  Aftertalmoment Nick dropped "the glasses fromhis
fares, and passed them in silence to the Norwegian, who,
 turn, after looking through them, passed them on to

   saw.  that of a iman-~a white man,
.   robe, studded with jewels and richly
  his shoulders and‘ was belted at
  And,  he was a comparatively young
   from ‘his chin; and his

 hair were of‘the..siune golden color as the
 thiagiabaut the individniig which

 

despatched with a message tied under its wing.
At least, it looked to be the very bird, through the V.
glasses. I i it
And then, as they looked, the bird spread its wings’:
and leaped from its perch upon the arm of the man, 

   
  
  
 
    
  
   
    
   

soared away into the air, uttering its familiar‘ scream
as it did so, which came to them only faintly from the
distance. '

And then, as if by mutual consent, they watched the
bird. '

They saw it soar into the air, and there it circled
several times——and then suddenly, as if it had discovered
them where they were standing upon the platform of rock
on the side of the mountain, it screamed again, and ‘
darted downward, as if it were diving for its prey, and 
in another moment it had alighted upon a point of 
not ﬁfty feet away from them; and they could see plainly 
that it bore another message fastened beneath its win  V‘

But it would approach no nearer to them, althoigh 
acted as if it recognized the Norwegian; but after r V

other scream and leaped away into the air again 
made directly toward the roof where the strange In _
was standing, where it straightway alighted again upolgi
his outstretched arm. J

And they discovered then that the man had seen them.

He dislodged the bird from his arm, and then,
rushed to the edge of the roof, where he stood In «-
frantic gestures toward them.

And now they did not hesitate.

VVith one accord they started down the mountain si,
running as best they could, and sometimes stumbling i

    
   

  
  
      
      
 
 

  
 
 

their eagerness.

   

But it was not a diﬂicult descent they had unde n
and in a short time they were among the silent hou
rushing toward that one -—the only one—-where they
discovered‘ any sign of life in that uncanny place.

     
   
 
    
 
 

There were no apparent streets in the strange ct
The houses seemed to have been erected merely with
idea of individualism‘; and as they approached the i
where the man was still making gestures toward i
from theiroof, he continued to wave his arms as if
were overcome with the excitement of his discovery
others were near him at last.  i 1

Around the houses

  
  
   
     
    

there_”‘was; no sign of life  3

i 5‘

     

  

 
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
 
  
    
 
    
 

Verything that had once lived there seemed to have
or had deserted the place, and the man on the ‘roof
apparently the only living thing that was left to
-o - e  after their long and hazardous journey.
As they  nearer, he rushed to the edge of the roof
N looked over upon thernfandv at last they heard him
‘" out to them.

 first cry was in English; then he seemed to repeat
a in Norwegian, and then again in Spanish; and at last
 ' came to a halt beneath where he stood, and replied
., Em. g .,

‘ bless you !” he shouted over and over again.
ick ran to the great front entrance to the house——the
' entrance, in fact, for the architecture was Moorish
‘design, and the one entrance evidently led to a
‘from which other doors would lead to different
p of the building.

it: was locl-:ed—evidently bolted and barred against

it t1Ist,one word regarding the building. itself. ‘

was  long, or nearly so, as a city block, two stories
ight, and at each front corner of it there was a
 of which was in turn surmounted by a gilded

Carter discovered, ‘after the first attempt, that

their progress to the interior of the building; but
bnbught with him that implement of use which
_ean-replace at times-—a lariat.

to catch the loop, hestood back a few paces
building and threw it to him. ~
 end fast to the of the cage,” he called

I

A tnrﬁirgtohis companions; he said; a
T nothing for him, with his greatstrength, to
  over hand,.to the ,__roof of the
gourd the instant he arrived atthe, top, the man

.7 ’-.

 over__tl'ie parapethand  him;
__  edge-of the roof upon at.
_ A _gr"‘,s¢\e;daimed. the instantherose to

  
 
 
  

  .   1. as ~ as"?--iv“

. 4 not hope to batter down the huge door which.

 he uncoiled  and, calling to the man upon‘

 a‘ niomentfhe receiveda reply that it was ‘

,«  I , ~,_,,ﬁ,ly 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 25

“Dead to the world
How long I do not know.”

“I have been,” replied Nielsen.
—and buried here.

“\\"here are all the people who live in this strange
city ?” asked the detective. .

Nielsen smiled sadly, put out his hands with the palms
outward, shrugged his shoulders, and replied: /

“Once in each three years.” he said, “the city is de-
serted as you see it now. The people who live here go
to the Mountain of the Sun, and they remain away from
this place three weeks and threeidays.” - T

“The Mountain of the Sun?” answered the detective
inquiringly.

“Don’t ask me where it is or what it is, for I do not
know. I only do know that they go there to worship;
that it is a part of their religion; that it is a sort of
pilgrimage, like that to Mecca by the followers of Ma-
homet. They have been gone a week. They will be ab-
sent two weeks longer.”

“Agd how many are there of them?” asked Nick; and
as he asked the question, Larsen and Ten-Ichi joined

them upon the 
“Two hundred—-no more. I do not know exactly,”
was the reply; and when Nick would have proceeded
with other questions. Larsen interrupted. ‘

“Where is the princess?" he demanded, as if he had
been there but yesterday and knew precisely whereof he

spoke.

The reply was as astonishing as the question itself, ,

for it came from behind them, and they wheeled in their
tracks, to discover, approaching them as lovely a vision
of beauty as the world has ever seen. ~

Axrrayed in a robe, or gown, of Grecian pattern and
cut, whiteiand covered with embroidery of gold, with
golden hair ﬂowing through hoops that were studded

with priceless gems, the young girl looked as if ‘she '

might have been a spirit suddenly descended among them.
"I.-Ierel” she said, in a low, sweet voice; and she
stopped where she was and reached out both hands to-
ward the man who had spoken; toward the tall Nor-
Wegian; whose fathers and forefathers   al—
most ‘a thousand years for this meeting. - r
‘Larsen took three steps toward her, and, stretching
out his own hands, took hers into them. —
“Hilda ?” he said, in theold Norse tongue. « r
She  and si11iled:~.and in theysame

-. u

  

’ 2.5 I NEW NICK CARTER‘ WEEKLY.

~ “Great Heaven!” exclaimed Larsen.

Then he turned to Nick Carter.

“Is not the prophecy fulﬁlled?” he cried out. “See!
Over a lapse of hundreds of years, and past all obstacles,
we know each other by name. VVhat do you think now,
Carter, of the plan of that ancestor of mine who should
have been king, but who was driven from his home and
country? What do you think, now, of the legends? Tell
me that.”

“I think,” replied Nick quietly, “that the ways of the
Almighty are incomprehensible.” _

I Then he turned toward Nielsen again, leaving Larsen
and Hilda to converse together, while Ten-Ichi stepped
, to his side. ‘ ‘

 

CHAPTER XII.
  "rm: PRINCESS HILDA.

- _i“I-Iow_ comes it,” asked Larsen, a few moments later,
 "addressing Nick, “that you also have recognized bne of
  the people here by name?” / '_
 “Have.you forgotten,” replied Nick, “the words of
V . I the letter you brought to me at my home in New York?
it  ';''Don’t you remember that the writer of that letter said
" ‘in* it that possibly I might remember him? That he

;1;_
3’ - used to live near me? And that he disappeared very

 -« strangely?’
‘ I uYes.n" V ’
2‘.,1_“‘‘And thattryg as I could, -I could not recall such a.

-‘person‘P”‘ .
gr  /' “

3"" V_'.‘—It‘is than six years since Jack Nielsen, a
 lilteyourself, wandered away from his home.
-’ He was never  from again, until  a'year later
  otihhat relmeinediof one, was discovered,
 by the clothing and-other things itiwas decided

 
  
  
    
 
  
  
 
   
    
   
  

 away at:th¢ time, but one of my assistants took
the-:$s'e;.ana triedito He was never-found-‘ A
,Nielsen;aadsaid: . I

  Idoixot
"ff ”g:~_.  doubtless; and now.that‘you
 dolnutgeai-e." .~I=-tvasseated in  library

‘- K, M

  

    
 

‘I  3'5‘ .‘
v

 
  

7-4

 

- about the strange conditions which surrounded you ~-

'_ convince ‘me against my will that’ I was really  i

 h‘°'’ 96”’ “'9 '_”1'°fI“‘¢ 3“l*Y4".~-"-,7 I scendanf of the kings of old. I was drugged 

    
   

 

place I remember nothing whatever of what occurred");-ﬂ
to me. \ 7

“For years after I came here I was little better thing”
an imbecile. For much of the time I was kept in 
condition‘ of coma, but at about the time I wrote the lettl  o
to you which you providentially received I decided 
play the part I had been forced to fulﬁll. I made myseigﬁ
appear stupid when I was not so, and gradually I t"
covered my wits.” '

“And what did you ﬁnd out then?” asked Nick.

“I discovered that being a Norwegian, I was for -
reason a sort of sacred personage to my jailors. T
was why I had been drugged and stolen from my ho
I have been told here that my name is Larsen, and t
I have descended from the kings of Norway—which g‘
knew to be untrue. And then I was told a tale about .
ancient prophecy which had to be fulﬁlled, and which
had been brought here to carry out to the end in or:
that this community might never be, broken up.

“The tale was that one day there would come a
to this place who would claim their Princess Hilda
his bride, and that he would carry her away to Norwi,
with him; that thereupon all who lived here would“ --
that their only salvation consisted in keeping her as
until the time for the fulﬁlment of the prophecy #4
passed.  I -

“When that time had passed—and it is due on the a
of theiriturn of the pilgrimage from the Mountainff
the Sun-\—~I was to be proclaimed their prince, I was '§.£j ‘
take the princess for my wife, and——wel1, you can 
agine the rest. We would be condemned to live in -"‘__
God-forsaken paradise for the rest of our lives. if ')

“Hilda, here, knows no other life than this; but I  ‘e
have alwife and children in little old New York, wii¢:;,;1,.:

  

  
 
  
 
 
   
      

aw
. .
XE.

   

though, they doubtless believe me to be dead,  _

I am sure, welcome my return with open arms.” ',~_..
“-Thatthey will, I am sure,” said Nick. “Buty U’

  
  
       

you described in" the letter?”
“Those were the result of the efforts they

’$.‘ '
I )

mesmerized, too, I have no doubt-—-until I  
strength and the courage to overcome the powers‘
beset me and to regainat least a part of nijf;"
osistyxf f - ~ ~ : ..
Q5 ‘V‘I, scg, .

   
   

 K

   
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
  
   
   
   

existed, and that shewas conﬁned in a towered cage
,-unlike my own, at the opposite extremity of the
- I used to see her there. I saw her for the one

; that letter to you. But since that we have made
_,to each other constantly; and when, a week ago,

-~ I did it, you can guess. After that I struggled
Hilda free. Only yesterday we decided that to-

e would manufacture a rope and let ourselves down

 roof and try to make our way across the moun-

W libertyﬁ _

 see, the eagle had brought your message. We

that we had friends near‘ at hand, and we thought

’  and send up columns of smoke to attract you
and in the hope that the bird might return to
'had just equipped him with a reply when you ap-
”.

, ce, as it is called. I have been taught from in«
 t one day a prince would come to me from a
 to take me away with him, but that I must
leave this, the land of my fathers. They said
would he Lief Larsen.”
 in a low key, and then continued:
the day before they went away on the pil~
;was told thatgthe prince had arrived, but
 Thatwhexitheyreturnedhewouldbe
' mimeiirdue form. And I guessed that they
"to-the man I had seen inthe otherlcaged tower;
 wassomethingintny conscience
 .n.:.hewa notthe Li_efLarsen of whom
 itaaghtmewhen, I was a little child; for

e o

as  ma?  since that

planned for our es-
gh-s—:.1zb18r"\e. about "the -world.

.we could get out upon the mountains we could_

. 

h   *7 3°“ *° “Ft lie-?’i’   

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 27

yonder gilded cage ;” and she pointed toward the top of
the tower which had once been her prison.

“We speak in only two languages here,” said Nielsen.
“The Norse, that we are using now, and a very bad
Siﬁnish, intermixed with words you have never heard.”

“And food?” said Nick. “How have you lived since
the pilgrimage left here?”

“We had every comfort left around us. Neither of us
would have suffered—could have suffered in that way
for months to come, Mr. Carter.”

“_And now,” said Nick, “what do you advise? Shall
we all await here, the return of the remarkable people

)7

who live here, or shall we——

But both Hilda and Nielsensprang forward as with
one impulse. 5

“No, no!” she cried.

“By no means!” exclaimed Nielsen. “If you remain.
here, they will not hesitate to put you all to death, and
then we may never hope for liberty. Let us go at once:
without an hour of delay. You will know the way out,
as you came here, won’t you?”

“Certainly.”

“Then we beseech you to take us away without delay.”

Nick turned to Larsen.

“I resign the command of this expedition to you for
the moment,” he said. “What is your wish, Lief
Larsen?” -

“Let us go—-let us go at once,” was the reply. “So
says the legend.” _ i

“Let it be so, then. We will start as soon as we have
eaten and have provided ourselves with provision for
the return trip.”

"But,” said Larsen, taking a step nearer to the de-
tective, “let us return again.” '

“Ah! Now you are talking.”

- _“Let us see these two people—-my bride that is to be”
—~and he turned his eyes upon Hilda for an instant-
“and this gentleman who was once known to you—let
us see them back again. to my boat, the Lief. A We will
then descend the river. We will return to the Viking.
We.will bring her as far up the Bermejos River as her
draft will allow her to come, and then, Carter, you and
I and Ten-Ichi, with a few of my men, will return to
this valleymndmaketheaoquaintanceofthestrange.
people who live’ here, who, after all. must be my gong.

1

...

 

3;
72:"!

   

“I say good‘! ‘We will do it, Larsen.”
“Hilda may remain in safety aboard the V iking.
Nielsen may remain there also, or he may return with

us, as he prefers.”

“If it is all the same to you,” said Nielsen, with a

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

of the entrance to the “way through the mountain,"
with the eagle crying out to them from a. nearby rock
looked their last upon the strangely hidden city whi
they had come so far to ﬁnd and which theywere no
leaving for only a short time.

“We will return,’

shrug, “I will stay where I may never see this place
again, and I will take the first opportunity of returning
‘ to little old New York. Gotham for mine, if anybody

,. should inquire oourteously, thank you, all the same.”

‘ “Then,” said the detective, “let us make our prepara—

1 {ions and start at once. vWe ought to be able to make
. v the triphback through the cavern in a little more than

2; /' 9!
. , 3 Hey.

‘‘I think so,” said Larsen.

It was not yet sundown when the ﬁve strangely as-
‘ » k - sorted persons stood on the platform of rock in front

2 an as say 1:

“And, possibly,’

7

“Within a month,” said ‘Larsen solemnly.
said Ten-Ichi, with a smile, “I. too
may ﬁnd a beautiful princess awaiting me when 
come again.”

7

one by one, into the side of the mountain.

M THE END.

The next number--530-—of the NICK C.-umax Wizem.

‘H. 1*
-17
l''‘‘'''''‘

  
   
   
    
  
  
  

   
  
 

   

  
 

    
  
   
  

  

   
  
    
  
 

Anon? 1111:: EARLY
NUMBERS or Tl-IE

 

Vanni’: Adventures ln every use we on

. to all the nttentlonof our readers to the faet that the. rank Merriwell Stories now beln ‘

ledal Library are inclusive of those early numbers. Theﬁrst book to appear was No. 150 entitled ~ rank Merrnvelrs scbooldn s."
We give herewith 1 com lete list of all stones that have been published in book form up to the time of writing. _We
{ad to and 3 line com ere catalogue of the Medal Library which is just ﬁlled with good things for boys, upon receipt of a.one- .

t wimp to cover postage.

' MEDAL LIBRARY
A1‘ no cams '
1so—-Frank Mcrriwelfs Schooldays.
167-——Frank Merriwelfs Chums.
I78-—Frank Merriwell’s Foes.
184——Frank Merriwell’s Trip West.
I39-Frank Metriwdl Down South.
193—Frank Migiwelfs Bravery.
197--Frank I! ‘well’: Hunting Tour.
201--Frank Mertiwell in Europe.

‘ 205,-'—Frank Metriwell at Yale.
any-—Fm:lc Momwelrs Sports Aﬁeld.
213-Frank M¢rriwcll’s Races. *
217-—Fra.nk M‘trriwcll"s Bicycle Tour.

__ 225-«Frank Merriwelfs Courage.
229-—Ftank. Mesriwellk Daring.
233-—-Frank M¢!’riwell,’s. Athletes.
;37..aPrII!k Wag’: 

.2.¢o-«Frank , mwe ’s mpions.
244--Prank Mitriwelfs Return to Yale.
34;-—Fmzk M¢rri_wcll’s Secret;
as:-—l’rank Mertiwelfs Danger. '

    rm :::m:'=— eav-

‘ nwe ﬂl . I

s i ab» ‘ F!md:— getrlwgi? gacatlivn. ‘

s  I} t £11591 3 raise.

. -3!’!-~‘—Prank Mer:iweﬁ’s_  v

  ~19”  K

L  280-  Strug§Ie:

  Mermrclh <Flrst 9' oh. 5

  

TIP fro? WEEKLY

3 receive hundreds of letters every week from readers asking if we can supply the early numbers of Tip To containing
obllttd to te ly that numbers 1 to 300 are entirely out of tint.

u bl ish

r Ov:-omitvs   °

 

V

MEDAL LIBRARY
AT 10 CENTS

292-Frank Merriwell’s Hard Luck.
296——Franl< Merriwell’s Protégé.
3oo-Frank Merriwell on the Road.
3o4——Frank Merriwell’s Own Company.
3o8—Frank Mex-riwell’s Fame.
312-Frank l\lerriwe1l’s College Chums.
316-Frank Merriwell‘s Problem.
32o—Frank vMerriwell’s Fortune.
324-—-Frank Merriwell's New Comedian.
328—Frank Merriwellis Prosperity.
333--Frank Merriwelrs Stage Hit.
336-‘-—Frauk Merriwell‘s Great Scheme.
34o—Fr‘ank Merriwell in England.
344-~Fr:nk Merriwell on the Boulevards.
348-—-Frank Merriwell’s Dgel. ‘ . ,
352———Frank Merriwell’s Double Shot.
356-—Frank Merriwell’s Baseball Victories.
359-—Fra'nk Men'iwell‘s Conﬁdence.
362——Frank Merriwcll’s Auto.
365~Frank Merriwcll’s Fun.
368~—Frnnk MerriweIl’s Generosity.
37I—Frank Men-iwell’s Tricks.
374-Frank Merriwelfs Temptation.
377—Frank Merriwell on Top.

- ‘ AT 19-¢£N'l’$. (Increased she)
.380--—Fmnk Merriwell’s Luck.
383-Frank Merriwelfs Mascot.

386——Frank Merriwews Reward. ;

  

said Nick, looking backward. '

e would like
in book form in the

339-Frank MCHlWCulS Phantom.

  

drain s. as aw. F31‘   .

   
  

 he Nick Carter Weekly

   
  

ISSUED EVERYSATURDAY. HANDSOMEST COLORED COVERS

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
 Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-
encevvithallleincls of criminals. ' '

 That’s why, boys, "his adventures holds one's interest from cover
 to cover. y There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up—he does not need it
——he uses his wits. ‘ ‘Do not fail to get the latest number from your

 PRICE FIVE CENTS PER copv

p_ FCéIWﬂMWﬂOabﬂ,ﬂ8wﬂ bythe pulzlisherstoaiiy addrusnpon receiptafpriceinmoneyorpostngutampe

    
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
    
   
  
 
  

HERE ARE THE L'ATEsT TITLES: -

\

305-The Man of Many.Fac‘es; or, Nick Carter Behind 521-—The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter-'3 Coni-
, the Scenes. ,, plex Case. ' ‘
S06-——A Letter From the Dead; 01', Nick Carter’sAProud- 522—The VVhite Arm of a \Voman; or, Nick Carter’s
' est Moment. ' _ Desperate Chase.
597-‘-Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick 523—The Man in the Do0rwa_v; or, Nick Carter's Con-
. Carter’s Amazing Experiment. _ quest of :1 Castle.
? 508-—The Gentleman Crook's Last Act; or, Nick Carter 524-The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling
” and the Haunted House. _ «strategy » I
»ﬁo9—The “Skidoo” of the  U. & T-} 01', Nick Carter's 525-—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
Great Train Robb!’-W C35€- _ ter’s Perfect Disguise.
510'-—The Last of the Outlaws; 07,.’ How Nick Carter 526—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand
l ‘ Stopped the “CannOn~ball. - p}ay_
51:"-I--Nick Ca1”t€I"S TWm_ MYSWTY 3 0|’. The Secret of the 527——Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter’s Motor-
Green Automobile. _ , . . ‘boat Chase. ,
2.s_.A Battle of VVits; 0l',.NlCk Carter s Fight for Ijife. 528—Clarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter's
33-A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter-’s Fight Titled Assistant. '
it  With a Fiend. _ 529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
' u an the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Strangest the Hidden City. .
~  Experience. _' _ 530-—An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a
5-"-‘Elie Plot of the Poisonef; 0!’, Nick Carter's Hair- Gladiator.
 breadth Escape; _ . 53I——A Blackmailer’s Paradise: 017, Nick Carter Dis-
 Mcch3!1i¢3-1 Glimti 07» T°“‘Id“ Plays 3 I-One covers the Hidden Hand.
71.‘ ,,j,,y,*.g  Ummi; or, Nick Carter's Blindfold 532" GiPf§{r§f:ggs§' B‘,’f,,f_13"“°"‘“”‘“°" °" Nick C‘"‘°"S
#3. U A §{z s Woman; on Nick Caner‘ Faces a 533-Fac(i)i;gBl2i‘:in(E:seen Terror'; or, Nick Carter’s Day
. 11515., ‘ '. _
'. . e Morley’: Ghost; or, Nick Carter’; Des- 534*~Ida_vah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter’;
iperafte Fight. ‘ Fourfold Problem.
Automobile M 1'3’: 0?. Nick Caft¢!"8 B1§od- 535-—Tlie Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces Hi;

hound on the‘ exit. Greatest Mystery.
pyoidwvantyapyvbeckaumbeaofoorlibrtriesaodcannot paocuethein item you: nevndeeletsthcy
-s  fran;his=_o£fhdirect. Pdt3I§5t3mﬂtak¢ﬂﬁI¢QtB¢88lnG|¢y.

     

I!

  

  

g_uI=rALo BILL sromzs

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY. BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

R Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide -prairies of . the West.

Boys, if you want tales of the West that are
drawn true to life, do not pass these by.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For nil by all nowsdaalero, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES}

  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
 

 
 

      
       
 
 

    
   

  
    
       
  

    
  
 

     

 

278-Buffalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost 294-——13uffalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on
of Mahoe. the Wax-—path.
279—Buﬁ’alo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round- 295-Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship
 up in Hidden Valley. of the Phantom Flower.
4 . t 380-—Buﬁ'alo Bill’s Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble 296——Buﬁ’alo Bill in No Man’s Land; or, The Sky-mir-
 Pricking. , V ror of the Panhanclle.
T _ 281-—-Buﬁalo Bill’s Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance 297-—ButYalo Bill's Border Rufﬁans; or, The Desperate
. ; i of Alkali Pete. L Game of Panther Pete.
 ’28f2—-Buffalo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of 298-Buffalo Bill's Black Eagles; or, The Snake—master
if T i . Snake River Crossing. from Timbuctoo.
‘  ‘ 283——BuFfalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of 299———Buf'falo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
- '_ . the Bitter Root.‘ Round-Robin Ranch. 
 284—.—Buﬁ'alo Bill's Secret Foe;or, The Wizard of Windy 300--Buﬁalo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the ‘
 v . Gulch. Niobrarah.
: z85-—-Buffalo Bill's Ma.ster—stroke; or. The Specter of 3oI—-Buffalo Bill's Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black
  Death Valley. Riﬂe.
 286»-Buﬁaio‘Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton 3o2—Bui¥alo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White
 B ohn, the Half-bleed. Flower of F etterman Prairie.
V ;287~—-—Bu alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone ‘ 303--Buffalo Bill and the White Specter; or. The Mys-5
,, ' Star Outlaws. . terious Medicine—man of Spirit Lake.
f 288———Buﬂ'alo ‘Bill's Dance of Death; or, The Night 3o4——Buifalo Bill’s Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men of -,
 V ~ Hawks of Snake River. Timber Bar.
 2989-«Buffalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The 3o5——~Buﬁ'alo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
T . Black Spider of the Shoshones. of Wolf River Caﬁon. =
'ggo...Buffg)o Bin and the Brand of Cain; gr, The Wan.‘ 3o6—BL\tYalo_Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane. of
i L daring Jew of the Plains. Cinnabar. '
" gait}!-—Buffalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The 3o7——Buﬁalo Bill’s Wild Range Riders; or, The Venge-
 ~ T Redskin Rovers. ‘ ance of Crazy Snake.
”' 202-—-Buffalo Bill’s ~Medicine»-lodge; or, The White 308-—Buffalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustang‘!
’ r . ecu of the Kickapoos. ‘ Catchers of Bitter Water. ‘
‘-vBu ale Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons of 309--Buffalo Bill’s Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the
. the Niobrarah. ; y ' ‘ Dancing Dervishes.

   

i you  any .bae‘k nuinberls; of our libraries and cannot procure them’ from your news-
     oﬁce direct. Postage stamps taken the sameas money.__ '

‘    Avenue. New roux 

 
  

  

  
   
  
  
   

.3-

. a

1: ~
I

jssuEo EVERY THURSDAY.

miners

PRICE FIVE

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

. Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
 'lains. They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker
‘Tynan andivwho don't let anyone else do it if they can help it.

it You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-'
ionest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

CENTS PER COPY

H For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

;., . Diamond Dick's Fight For a Girl; or, The Tender
ii foot of Bellair Gulch. , -
j—Diarnond Dick’s Underground Trail; or, The Yel-
H" low Demon of the Sierras.
: Diamond Dick’s Cross-Counter; or, A Big Battle
' * for the Bell’. '
2 Diamond Dick’s Good Right Hand; or, A Dark
' Plot in Chinatown.
0-—-Diamond Dick’s Bravery; or,’ The Three Amazons
' of the Mojave. ‘ 
;——Diamon,d Dick's Double Trail ; or, The Apparition
‘ ' of the Big Tree.
A ._ Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
 < Steel Glove. - .
i; 3-’-Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
 . Hobo of Death Valley. ' g
' Diamond Dick’s Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
buster of the Pecos.
5-‘-—Diamond Dick’s Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-
 «chief Man's Vendetta.
‘; Diamond Dick’s Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
f Mexico. - ~
"Diamond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
“ tan Steer of K-Bar-6._ _
Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them
' Down in a Blizzard. _
_’Dﬁmond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked
 /..‘to the Rio Grande.
 Dick Hfglds
,. ' th B’ ' er. _ _
 iikislgsteeil Glove; or, The Smtlmg Man
-.- From Santa Fé. ' V .
'="‘ . . . Dick’s No-name Mystery: Of. The Sun.-
’ ‘ ling Man's Bad Mistake. ~ .

l .

 

x'.;.'
.,‘

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

523——Diamond Dick's Midnight Stampede; or, The
Horse-thieves of the Cimarron.

524—Diamond Dick’s Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of
Adobe Castle.

525—Diamond Dick's Night \Vatcln.; or, The Pretty Girl ’

of Falling Rock.

526—Diamond Dick’s Three To One; or, Backed By
Uncle Sam.

527—Diamond Dick’s Golden Quest; or, The Secret of
Snake River.

528—Diamond Dick’s Long Leap; or, Single-handed
Against a Giant. ;

529-—Diarnond Dick’s Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash
Through the Big Divide.

53o—Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass.

531-Diamond Dick’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man with

the Long Blue Scar.
532-—Diamond Dick's Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
with a Dead Man.

533-—Diamond Dick’s Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a. Les-

son to a “Bad Man.”
534—Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Thoroughbred Pard.

.535-—Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge-

ance of a Navaho.
536--Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy
Sport "of Grand Canon. '

‘537-—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt

for a Girl Through Mexico.
538—Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas.

I539-—Diamond Dick Below the Line; or, An American

Against Big Odds. _

Wu: want any hack numbers of our  and cannot procure them from your news-
‘ D  be ‘obtained from this oﬂice direct. ‘  starnps taken the same as inoney.

 79 .5°V¢n¢"..A'°""e» NEW ’’°'“‘ “W-

  

 
 

 

ISSUED EVERY WEDNESDAY.

J-C

There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
characters, week after week, become monotonous.“ It was to suit these

r v.
I

Don't miss these.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

V , For sale by all newsgtealm, or sent, by the publlalim to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps i

t J *

C

la-.-Captain Mystery; or. The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar.- By
. Herbert Bellwood.
lg!-—Silver Sallie; or, The Three Queer Bards of Poker Pocket.
 . Bk]. Cowdrick. '
:92--The nch Raiders; or, Secret of the Golden Dagger. By
, ’ Capt. Hal Hazelton.
, 393--A Baptism of Fire; or, At the Front With the Japs. By.
. Marl: Dar-ran.
~ 394-«The Border Nomad; or, Sharper Stokes’ Double Deal. By
» Herbert Bellwood.
I95--Marl:_Mallory's Struggle; or, Friends and Foes At West
 Point. 8 Lieut. Fred_Garrison, U. S. A.
«X96--A Strata C tin‘ or. The Sharks and Sharps of New York
A . By antes liisk. ,
197-—Ran1eh_“ b; or, The Boy\Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard
1

L ra .

. -xﬁ-—-The Electric Wizard: or; Through Air and Water to the
. ; Bob!-"o1ci-1. Emerson B§1.l. .

“Im—- . t‘ e ow; or, lying a Double Mystery. By
 ] Richard Hackstoﬁ.

.aoo--Young Giants of the Gridiron; or. Fighting For the Foot-
 ’ . Ifennant. By Frank Merriwell.

._ao!--Dick Ellis, the Nighthawk Reporter; or, The Biggest News
. , "Beat" on Record. By Robert Reid.

jaoa--Pete, the Breaker Boy; or, The Young Coal Mine Ferret.

'’ By Richard Haelrstaﬁ. .

Elana-vYoung Maverick, the Boy ‘From Nowhere: or. The Ten-
‘ r I = t Oil Ki of Texas. By -Sam Rusher.

y;' or. Trailed By a Secret Shadow.

i may Robert we r 4
5&9--F tght Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star. By Manager

      
        
     
    
         

  

 
  

  

   
 
  

By wrence White, Jr.

; .-_ilows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD.
Each story is full 30,000 words in length and is {complete in itself,
having no connection with any that went before or will come after.

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

.209-—Bart Benner’s Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter d
.2lo——Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost WillI' '

2t3——Bags, the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. 

, ~_ enry Abbott. . , »
lﬁ.--'!'lIa:lry Sum: lern; or. Cgordon Keith‘: Great Balloon
_  \, re.

  RAVE  AND BOLD

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

 
   
  
  
  
      
 

.1 '

2o7-—Bart Benner’s Mine; or, The Boy Who Got There. I! ,.
' Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry.
2o8——The Young Ranchman; or, Bart Benner Going It  
By the author of “Bart Benner's Mine."

the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.”

  

Animal Taker. By Lawrence White, Jr. ‘ I
2n—~Ned Haw1ey's Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.

By Herbert Bellwood.
2x2——,Under False Colors; or, Dick Dangcrﬁeld’s Mystery. 31
. Police Captain Manning.

Richard Hackstaﬁ.
214—On the Pampas; or, A Strange Chase Across South Amer-
ica. By Lawrence White, Jr.
2r5——The Crimson Clue; or. Dick DangerﬁeId's Mission. 3!
Police Captain Manning. _ _
216-At the Red Horse; or, Herr Driesbach, the Lion Kmg. 
Charles H. Day. ‘
2r7—Riﬂe and Rod; or, A Cruise Down the Lake. By J. E,
Merrill. _ 
218-Pards; or. Comrades for Life. By Colonel Rrentiss %

graham.
2I9——Afloat with a ‘Circus; or, The Diarnond~seekers of X3813
By Henry L. Black. _ _ ’ i
220-Wide Awake; or, The Boys of the Bicycle Brigade. 3!
Weldon J. Cobb. vg
22t——Thc Boy Caribou Hunters; or, 'l‘reasure—tro\'e of Hudson’!
Bay. By Charles B. Cross. _ "
222——\VeEtw§xl'd ‘hie; or, The Cabin in the Clearing. By Henry
. ac
223-.\lark Graham; or, The Boy Wanderers of the Desert.
H. C. Emmet. ,

  
 

   
       
   
      
 
   

   
  
 

 
  
   

mlIlo,IllI'.l.hu:¢thuu.'nenncaannn.Icv!wxos¢y.

     

‘(Innu-nun-...........u...........,

     

‘WUUCDOIIODUUllD.I‘Q!!.'!"""'C""‘

juolutlan
price at the books you want and. we will send them to you by

_ :-—lnoloIII!nd...'.........eonuvr1rblon please undue:

--no-us-o-Quays uuuuu .....&J\lWI.na-a-...-’.an»~~- -v'1'm' '

 

hUllIWlllI&loI'I.Ill1IIlIbIlMI|nOdﬂ'OIIlh

   
      
   
 

u uuuuuuuuuu nu - o . . . . - . . - - . - o - . - . . . - - . . . . . a v --

00

....-n:-

  
     

0

«nu».

   

l

   THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 

RIDER WEEKLY

" V‘ Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-

shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
* authority and rid his ranch of some very
" tough bullies. He does it in such a slick
way that everyone calls him “King of the
/ Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. Sioo in cash are given to the readers
of this publication,
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share of it.

AND MAIN

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest effort. . No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary ﬁve-
cent library. -

Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
 exciting adventures
 among the Redskins. These are
r given to our boys only in the
Buffalo Bill Stories. They are
bound to interest and please you.

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who prefers variety
in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors ‘
who are past masters in the art?‘ _
of telling boys’ stories. Every 
tale IS complete in itself. I

  
 

of Western adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to-date boy ought to read just _‘
how law and order are estab- 
lished and maintained on our 
Western plains bv Diamond Dick.
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY LIBRARY

The adventures of a poor wait
whose only name is “Bowery
Billy.” Billy is the true product - ‘
of the streets of New York. No °
boy can read the tales of his trials
without imbibing some of that
resource and courage that makes
the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

 

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
We are sure you will like it.

consequences. Get the current number.

They are

 

 

 

