No_1084 NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1926

4 WT

5TDRiE.$ up °
8 ¥~Wnu-KI-=-MNY

Price 8 Cents

"Great Scott, Ted!" gasped Will, springing forward in some consternation. "What's the matter?"
Bessie uttered 9. smothered scream and hastened to the young trader‘: side. Broker: Nickel-
man and Bowditch paused near the door with a satisﬁed expression on their faces.

  

  

”    ‘mo, THE nnoxrws son

on, STARTING our FORT HIMSELF

g__,g,.,__1___‘_,1a2y'e’ve been here. and what have we can ht?’,’

 

 
 

‘ ‘V I’ve got a bite at last!”

 I-FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Iusuedweek —-sbciti ' 50 ' .Ca .- .
_‘   p..,:::,...1._;. =1:.m.:.P;.:.:1°~s:%eer.p.°::.’°§:.i.  i:22.».,2:*‘;':ig:.;.§:I°* .2Z*.2';tf.’3aL?::. °*- “N

11, at the Post-Oﬂice at New York, N. Y., under the A

V" ‘ ‘No. 1084

‘T

NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1926.

Much .
Price 8 Cents.

By A SELF-MADE MAN

CHAPTER I.—’l‘he Sealed Clock.

“I call this a -swindle," wled Ted Morris, ea

 ‘he drew up his ﬁshing-line and looked at the
. ’em1%t:y'hooks in disgust. “The idea of people ad-
9

sing good ﬁshing at this place! Good fiddle»-
sticks! We've come to this creek every day since
" “Nothing worth mentioning," replied ll Un-
derwood, his chum, gloomily.
“That's it, and ﬁshing is our favorite pastime.

'’ '.'I’d‘rather ﬁsh than eat."

“You don't mean that, Ted," grinned Will.

‘fWell, I’d rather ﬁsh than put in my spare
time any other way."

“So would I.”

“When we began to ﬁgure on where we'd put

I i in our. two weeks’ vacation, this place struck our
« fancy because the advertisement read, “Good ﬁsh-

ing in near—by creek.’ 'So we made arrangements

to come. Well,» We've been here ten days,’ and we

have worked this creek for all it’s worth. The

= ﬁsh“ we’ve'caught in that time wouldn’t make a

square meal for a cat. I say it's a_. swindlev We
have been decoyed here under false pretenses."

“I agree with you.” ‘
;‘.‘We’ve been here over an hour this afternoon

I L which is cloudy, and just right for ﬁsh to snap a

bait. and we‘haven’t had a Hello! I guess

‘ Ted yanked up his line, and wriggling on the

I last hook was a silvery specimen of the ﬁnny

‘f tribe about three inches long.
 “Now what do you think of that for a ﬁsh?”

‘continued Ted sarcastically. “Wouldn't it make 3‘

. horse laugh?”
 “Lasso it, quick, before it gets away from you,”

‘L ‘laughed Will.

Ted removed the ﬁsh and dropped it into a shal-
 1-DWrOb8.Sll’l in the rocky bank, which held about a
g,a‘1‘_0;lie°fn§]e‘:1it:rs sgyglass to see that piscatorial
., 1yidual,” said‘ e , rebaiting the hooks and
drug? mg theminto the creek a ain.
'mc€sP gel that is all we batch t ay.”
‘-‘—'I:é\1ertia1l{1‘:1z!i’ci’u<iver he nickel"
“I will when I lose the bet)’. ii i
_“‘You’ve as good as lost it. Neither of us will
ﬁt another bite.’'\ . ~ .. . '

“I’ll bet you I

 

«oh, I don't know. There's 9. ﬁsh coming my  

way now." .
“What makes you think there is?”
“I feel it in in bones."
“Ho! You ma me———"

At that moment Will pulled up his line with’ A

zfﬁslrlegixlislskzgenizen of the creek attached to one

“What did I tell you?" he said triumph .
;:Sto'r’ne up with your nickel. You've lostagougr

“'That must be the grandfather of the one‘ I

caugl(1it,” said Ted. tosslnga ﬁve-cent piece to his » I

fri n .

‘SI‘hat's two ﬁsh inside of ﬁve minutes. Whg
s19;Y:k1tl3er_9ewuisn’t good ﬁshing in» this creek?”
c u e *

"Inside of an hour and thirty minutes y’
mean,” granted Ted. “Bet you another hiclgel?
§iae;tts"the last.‘ He looks like the oldest inhab-
-‘‘I’lltak . ht. 1' ‘ V
fare back ?'»oyi?l‘i1erci€y.” m gems to Wm my af-

“You think you are; but you've got another

think coming."
“_Fish or no ﬁsh. I'll he sorry to get dowglto
business again. { Carrying messages in all

Street is no sinecure.”»
",Bet your life it isn't, especially in hot weath-

'“Y0u'Ve been thre t ‘t '
father’s ofﬂce. Whe; Siisaalhse agoingnotvg ;r1or3r'i?)ut:
you?» 7 '

“Ask me something easier. There isn’t any
Kgganscty lint th: .ce1_1ntt1ng-rolom.1 That clerks we

e 16 o eir o
were glued to their Jdesslcgg’ c O88 y as hough they

“Your father could make a
could'n’t he?” _

I “He could do a whole lot of things, I guess.

place" for you,

The fact of the matter is he's been sore on mg

ever since he took me into his oﬂice.”
ll‘Why?!! -
“ ’Cause I would ’t to th D k A ad '
and study for colleIge."g° e ta e c em’
“Egon preferred being a Wall Street messen-
ger. V I
“That’s what I did." I

“I always told you that you were a. chump fu-
not doing as your father wanted you to do.’  __ ‘

u

 

y.

 

 

 2 _ __  TED, THE BROKERS SON . 4 ' 

“What you always told me doesn’t worry me
any. I've picked up more real ideas in the finan-
cial district than I would have accumulated at
college. I don’t care for the classics, and all
that. I believe in becoming a practical business
man. I would have had to put in three years at
the academy and four more at college. That
would be seven years. Seven years in Wall
Street will put more money in my pocket.”

“I’ve been nearly three years in the Street my-
self, running shoe leather oil’ for Barnaby & Co.,
and all I’m gettin now is eight cases a week.”

“With prospects, ’ grinned Ted.

“Yes; prospects of running errands two year
more.”

“Then you’ll be promoted to a junior clerkship,
work your way up to cashier, and ”

“Stay a cashier for the rest of my life.”

“Don’t you intend to branch out as a broker
some day?”

“On what?” _

“Your knowledge of the business and the money
you will have save .”

“I’ll never be able to save enough to get into
the brokerage business. A seat in the Exchange
costs nearly $100,000 these days."

“You can become a Curb broker on much less
than that.” 9 ° _

“I suppose you’ll succeed to your father’s busi-
ness. You’re an only son.”

“I'm not looking so far ahead. I expect to be

a in business for myself long before my old man

hops the twig.” _ _
I Yes ou ol” replied Will incredulously.

“I do, “answered Ted in e resolute tone.

“When is it going to come off?” grinned hi
friend. . V

“As soon as I get capital enough.”

“Ho_w'much capital do you think you'll need,
and how much have you hoarded up toward it so
far?”

“I haven’t ﬁxed my limit.
You remember I made‘ something
that deal in B. & 0. some time ago.”

"You’ll went two more naughts on our $600
before you can do much. Then you’ll ave your
father to reckon with‘. He won't let you go into
business on your own hook.”

“How do you know that he won't?”

.“I shouldn't imagine he would.”

“Well, don't let your imagination run away
with you. There! You’ve got another bitel”

Will Underwood pulled in his line with his sec-
ond ﬁsh. _ A , _ _

“Here's your nickel,” said Ted, tossing it to
him. “There seems to be nothing doing in my
direction. I think I'll go to sleep. Wake me up
when you see my ﬂoater bob under."

“What are you going to sleep for? You put in
nine hours last night.” _ _

"I’m going to sleep because this kind of pisca-
torial exercise makes me tired._”

“S’pose we quit and take a swim? We brought
our bathing suits.” _

“Good scheme,” replied Ted, starting to pull in

I've got $600 now.
over $;i00 on

' his line

Something‘ held it to the bottom, and it came

slowly, as t ough’ there was a heavy weight.at-

tached -to it
“What's

1] the matter with your line?” asked
1. ’
“We caught on something at the bottom."

 

a

“Maybe you’ve hooked a whale,” grinned Will. ;
“It feels as if I'd hooked a ton of coal. 'TlieIQi .
I can’t make it budge another inch. No» use. ,'-
brlefaking the line. I'll let it stay till I go in my-_ ..
se .’ . ' A
The boys speedily undressed and got into their _ ,
bathing togs; then they plunged into the creek.
Ted did not at once bother. about his line. There ,
was no hurry, he argued. After sporting around‘ .-
in the creek’ for a. quarter of an hour, Ted dived 
down to see what it was that held his hooks to
the bottom. He found that the line had wound _~
itself around the neck of an old-fashioned sealed-
up crock. He grabbed hold of the crock and 
found it uncommonly heavy. Rising with it in
his hands, he threw it onto the bank. ' I
“What have you got there,” asked Will, eyein
the crock curiously. ‘
“A pirate’s treasure, I guess,” chuckled Ted.
“You handled it as if it was heavy." i .- 1
‘_‘Bet your life ,it’s heavy. Must be something ;
weighty in it?” y _ " '
.“It’s sealed up as carefully as though there was ‘
something of value in it.” ‘ g e ,v
_ “I’m afraid it's some fake. Some practical :.f
Joker may have ﬁlled it with bits of iron, sealed "
it up in that ‘careful wa , and tossed it into the.»
creek, ﬁguring that in t_ course of time some » "
person, ﬁshing, or bathing here, would ﬁndﬂit
and take it away with him, thinking-he had . t;_f-
hold of _a prize package. Then,_when the fin er” “”‘
opened _it, he’_d ﬁnd it loaded with trash, to_l'l~lB 
great disappointment.” . ‘_ ,
“With a card_ on top, sayingW‘_Did Aron ever,g'e‘I;'—'
_fooled in your life?’ ” grinned 111. Are you go-. i
ing to open it?" "
f‘Sure; but I'll open it right here. You. don't‘:
think I’m going to carry such a weight any dies, 0
t_ance._ unless I find it worth wliile?" said Ted.. ' ,7
The boys ﬁnished their bathing, put on their
Cl0tl’1l{eS', and then turned their attention‘ to the‘.
croc . i »
"It looks as if it's been in the water a long ,
time,” said Will.

“It does that. I never saw a crock likethat _¥
before. It looks old-fashioned.” — '  '13
“The mouth is covered with some-kind of ani- 1 
ma1’s skin.” , ~' 2»,
“And it’s tied around the neck with‘-a species" of , 
gut that's as hard as iron)’ V V , ’
“Looks. as if it was meant to stay tied. Gee! 1.-1*
I believe there's something reallyvaluable in it.)
or the person wouldn’t have taken so much trouble .‘
to seal it up.” ' .3 I y
The longer the boys looked at it theless the .- g
were inclined to regard it as a practical joke. T’ ,
took out his knife and hacked at the gut strings, 
but the blade made as little impression on them"
as though they were pieces of steel. Then, aftera /
great deal of trouble, he made an incision in tlie
soggy skin cover, but _he couldn't enlarge the hole?-'
suiiiciently to get a glimpse of. what was inside. 
“Stand it in the sun and let it dry out,” sug-.
gested Will. ‘ 
Ted thought that a good idea, and did so; I-I
wound up his line, and they sat under a shade
tree, talking, for an hour. Then they examined
the skin cover of the crock again. It hadpdried
some and had_shrunk taut. Ted attacked it, with
his knife again, and afterconsiderable exertion‘
cut a hole an inch long. He jabbed his"l:’x,iifoZ-'
blade through, and it struck something hard.

 
 
 
  
 
   
   

 

   
 
   
   
 
  

v

   Bi>.oi:Eg+s son

 were still at sea asiregarded its contents.
Finally, T.ed_ got a _piece of wood, sharpened one
end of it. stuck it into the hole, and_ then drove
it in with a stone. That_caused the skin to split
open another inch. _Pry_1ng up _one side of _ 8
skin,.Ted drove the stick in a horizontal direction.

That forced the lips of the cut apart and tore’

7 the skin a little more. Ted then threw the crock
omits side, whereupon. to their great astonish-
ment, out dropped a couple of ten—dollar gold-
pieces.

 

0  CHAPTER II.—-What" the Sealed Crock
_ Contained.

‘IT, d ' k d up the coins and looked atthem.
The; lgdked new and_br1.ght, for unilzélhighlebboy
made the hole in the skin cove the croc eeré
air—tight. As new as they looked, theyadwlelredno
of recent coinage. Indeed, the two T e 1151
the palm of his hand were all of ﬁfty years 0 

_«Geeg” ejaculated"W1ll, in wonder. That croc _
'0  ld ' .

>18  3,133 otoo ccgillrtprised to speak for some mo-
‘K mgflllisy. gracious!” he cried at length. “This beats
allth ﬁsh I ever caught. ‘ _
 svorth hooking. I wonder who dropped thils
o thecreek, and why? Was. he afraid to ban
I , -w .
’it,I(I)41a‘:>ll:r‘x;xined the coins. and noticed their Old
_ da‘t‘e\7Vs.hy, these are old, as the hills! gni is d9-teg
18,49 and, the other 18§1. Looks ag, 1 !5daT‘l311'°°
has been a long time in thecreek, “Ea: t e t- n
“In that case the; owner’ is not 1 e_15i omur
up to claim h1stpé<1>peI;tg;,k replied W1 .. W 9-
' ‘ e c . - -
.' 1°Ii«3'1\;;?egr‘11g1¢;8§,nr‘;-'y8i:his to the ‘house and ﬁnish the
examination of it there.” Said Ted-M , ho ’
' 2 ;“If that's full of ten-dolliu‘ ggh 956095: W
~ much d°.Y°“ “"?‘1‘ is were al ti.ge1der' b tween
_~ _ i:S‘J8(<)l(g1ngdlégve1Kht» I s on say, e y
: 31 vi’ gupggse rm’ not in it?" said Will wistfully.
“oh-, I'll give you some. How would ten‘P€I’
ce?§g118:1;1tv7:d11d suit me ﬁrst class," replied Will,
b5§1i‘1fZ,’§‘§‘.§u“,‘I{us£ help me carry it to the house.”
j*~‘Sure will!” _
 ,7 Betweex} they they carried the cxgck izo tahte
s cwntw beam.-h°m the-=;.::.e.r:t:..£.12..g..,:
" “gt-go? it ﬁgtféelr 'j1[“‘1)-12$ they devoted their at-
v a mu ar - - , .
 ienuon to cutting the an °“°.1;.a>:a.Y..:;:.“‘:*:.:‘:.:§
“to; dump the contents cult _on dooel first :A glib
 ”’e°ﬁ§ﬁ§’fn :22; 13°31 iczvvfeelrlity-dolllar ghld ieces
, ng» : . .
made 1; weir eyes sparkle Shgvmg th6t>_cr0c 
a corner. Ted ciugtcéd 1tle1§r11:;e§2s?i11(*)<(e)o iove. I
 m*ii1Y?,$f1?l5}?;,:1~gu:v1i1elbeo$23,O00, Will. 1'11 count it
. I!
1 t.:§f,,‘°§§d so, and shoved the sum over to his
‘diigigr twoweeks’ vacation will, pasi (z]1:‘1:dIle?‘1‘AlZ
Iisvears’ .sa1a¥v as 9? ‘'‘°“°“‘°’’t 5“ 1.; busi-
me, this will be enough to se me up I
I for myself.” '

 
 

   
  

A crock of gold is a‘

8
f ;‘hDo9y0u really mean to cut loose from your
a er.’ 
“Sure as you live.” — I
“What do you suppose he'll say to that?"
“I can tell you better after I've heard his son-
timents on the sub.1'ect.": '
“Bet you a dollar he won't have it.”
“Don’t get reckless because you've come into a
, little money.’ You might lose your dollar.”
‘ “How are you going to get all that gold you
have there to the city?” It’s too heavy for you to
carry in your suit-case.
“I’1l bo it, and ship it by express, insuring it
for its fu 1 value.” 
“The express agent here will think you’re
crazy.’ '
“I’m not responsible for what he may think}?
“Going to send it to your home?”
“No. To the old man's oﬂice. Then I shall
take it to the sub-treasury and turn it into bi1ls.”
Ted carried his rogramme out, but did not
ship the box of god until the day before they
took their departure for the city themselves. On
Monday morning the box was duly delivered at
George Morris’ office on Broad-Street, and before
three o’clock that day Ted had exchanged the
coin for new bills to the value of $20,500. He
hired a. box in a Wall Street safe deposit vault,
and put into it his entire capital of $21,000. His

mother and big sister were still away for the,

season at Atlantic City, and hisfather spent a
good deal of his time down there, too, so that Ted
had the house on Lexington Avenue to himself
and the servants. - ‘

B iness was light in the ﬁnancial district, and
Ted took advantage of the fact to look around
among the Wall Street ofﬁce buildings for a suit-
able oﬁice for himself, without consulting his
father's inclinations on the subject. He had made
up his mind
father when the summer season was over, and he
didn’t care if the old man did make a kick. He
had great confidence in his ownability "to get

along in the world, and was determined to show.

his father that he could do so. He was a pleas-
ant, good-looking, mice-mannered boy, whom
everybody who knew him liked; and having a rich
father, to boot, he was much courted in the
younger circle of the society his parents and sis-
ter moved in. The brokers to whom h
carrying messages for three years liked him, too,
and they patronized him to a certain extent be-
cause he was George Morris’ son, and George
Morris was more or less popular in Wall Street. -
It was understood, in a general way, that Ted
would succeed his father in the course of time,
and. therefore the boy was regarded as an em-
bryo broker, learning the ropes. About the mid-

dle of September Mrs. and Miss Morris returned \.

from the seashore with their dozen trunks, and
the Lexington Avenue house resumed its wonted
aspect once more. A few days afterward Ted
walked into his father's office and told him that
he was going to leave the oﬂice. . — ‘

“What new freak have you got in your head?”
asked Broker Morris sarcastically.

, “I’m going into business for myself," replied-
the boy. . ’ ,
“Indeed! What business?" '

h “I'm going to hang my shingle out as a broker."
“As :a what?" ejaculated Moms pens. ‘ ‘
“Broker.” =

to-run no more messages for his”

e hadbecn .

 

 ‘ you’ the opportunity.-

4 - '~ ‘_ I f TED, THEiBROKER’S soN

Mr. Morris whistled.

“Upon my word, young man, ou seem to be
pretty well supplied with nerve. _ erhaps I ought
to call it gall. You seem to be making your ar-
rangements without reference whatever to my
feelings on the subject. Didn’t it strike you that

'1 might enter an objection to such a Quixotic

idea?” '
“Yes, sir; I thought there was some chance of
' 77

'‘‘And what “did you propose to do if I did ob-
- -)1: ‘ .
Je(‘:‘tC'%o ahead.”

“You are certainly frankness itself. As your
natural guardian, .don’t you realize that I could
stop you from undertaking such a ridiculous
project?” _ _

“Yes sir; but you won’t,” replied Ted coolly.

"Are'you -ifted with second sight that you feel
so certain 0% that point?" ’

“No sir‘ but I know you’ll give me the chance
to show what I'm made of.” V — _

“Where are you going to get the capital to start

with? Expect me to furnish it? If you do,
_you’re——’’ / I _
“No, sir. I've got all the capital I need to be-

gin with-.”

“Oh, you have! May I ask how much you

have?”

“That is one of my business secrets, _sir.” «

“Indeed,” replied the broker sarcastlcally. “I
suppose you expect to hire desk room in some
cheap oﬂice?" . _ '

“No, sir. I am thinking of hiring an office on
the sixth ﬂoor of, the Wyandottc Building on Wall

y Street."

“Have you got hold of some moneyed youn
chap who is willing to ﬁnance yourlharebraine
scheme?”

“No, sir. I am going it alone."

“And you expect to be able to pay the _rent
charged for an oﬂ‘lce_1n the _Wyandotte, do you?
Well, you are the limit!” —

I ‘;II <1l1on't expect a.ny'body,*,t0 put up a cent for me.
 a pay my own way.

“One would think you had robbed a bank, to
hear you talk. ‘ So you want the chance to show
what you can do as a broker? All right. I'll give

teacher that can but sense into some people's
heads. I’ll let you have your own way sooner
than argue the matter, for I can see that words
would have but little eifect on you. Go, _young
man, hang out your shingle, as you call it, and

‘learn your little lesson, When you've got your

ﬁll of experience I'll talk business with you‘, and
you’ll then’ be willing to admit that there are. a
few things in this world thatayour father knows
better than you.” _ . _
Thus speaking, Broker Morris turned to his

‘desk and waved his son out of his private room.

CHAPTER III.—Starting Out for Himself.

Ted left his father’s presence with a feeling of
relief. -He had expected a much more strenuous

' . interview, with a different ending to it, and was

pleasurably disappointed. He had received per-

’ mission to go ahead andmake a fool of himself.

’ ,“I’1l go ahead, bet your life, but»I.'m not going

_ I know of, as well.

Commission."

Experience is the only ,

  

to make a fool of myself, as the old man evident ’
expects me to. I'll show him that he doesn,
know it all, as he thinks he does. He doesn; _
think that I have more than a few hundredgdol-. q
lars capital, and ﬁgures I will soon ﬁnd my busi- f’
ness aspirations on the slump. Then he looksto j
see me eat humble pie, and be willing to knuckle ’_,
down to anything he proposes. Well,.I'-m think-.

ing he’s going to get left on hiscalculations. I 
may be only a boy. but I believe I've ot the grit 

 

co‘-

'and perseverance to make my way a ead, same,”

as he did when he started out for himself. Now. 
he's at the top of the heap, and I mean to.get,:
there, too. It would give me a whole lot of satis;-I . 2
faction to surprise him, and a few other persons 
It would gall me in after life.
if people had it in their power to say that..Ted.. .
Morris succeeded because he stepped into his rich '7
father's shoes. Thev won't be able to say thatiif )
I can help it, and I fancy I can." ~   
Ten days from the time Ted had his interview‘
with his ‘father a sign painter was lettering; the
door of an office on the sixth ﬂoor of the Wyan-:,
dotte Building. The words he was puttin 
the frosted glass were: “Ted Morris. tocks,
and Bonds. Mining Shares Bought and Sold on.‘ 

 

Ted had already furnished the room with every~ 
thing he considered necessary for carrying on the 
business into which he had embarked, and whiigpg‘-.~
the painter was at work he was seated at‘ his desk .
studying-the previous day’s market report: Tv'cro‘(
brokers, one of whom had his of-Ticeon that ﬂoor, ’
came alongand ‘stopped to see who the new tenan '
was. .  , .

“Ted Morris!" ejaculated one. ' “That can't be
George Morris’ son, for he’s only a messenger"
boy for his old man. Must be a mistake. A: I.n'i,us_t
drop in and make his acquaintance, on som1e,_o1;1,~
excuse, by and by.” y » .. ' ’ -~‘‘:-j ,

Then the traders, whose names were Nickelmaxt i
and Bowdith, moved on. to the elevator; The
former dropped in to see George Morris later':'Gh;;
and he noticed that the broker had 'a,ne_w.‘me _
ger. After he had finished the business jtha
brought him there he ‘remarked’: " .  T

“I see you've got a new office boy. Have’ you
promoted your son to your counting-room?»’i’ ,

“No,” replied the broker. “He's left the oﬁice; ,

“I ’thought you intended to teach him the  ‘
ness. "  

“He's taken that job on his own .shoulders.".;
“I don't quite understand you,” replied Nickel
man. I » ‘ ,
“He left me to open up for himself.” V  . 1
“Open up for himself 1" ., I t "

“Yes. He thinks what he ‘doesn't know_«»abou‘t
the brokerage business isn't worth mentioning,

I decided that the best course I could adogtiwithj
him’ was to let him ﬁnd his own level. W en;:ltd‘v
reaches bed-rock, which ‘won’t be long," he’,1l;~
back here running messages again. I tool:',,_tIi
new boy on only temporarily”, I ' v  " ‘

“Bowdith and I saw a painter let_tering.a;'do'o!',
on the sixth ﬂoor of the Wyanclotte Building}. W
while ago, with the name Ted Morris.’ I, supposed
that his oﬁlce.” s w -. 

“I ::r'e.smne so. He told me he expected. to‘. _
an office in, that building.” .  .. V ‘

“Of course you are backinghiym in thisfyen
of his?” . I :, .

f‘0f course I am not,” replied George

   
 

 
 
 
  
   
  
    
    
 
 
  

.6‘

\ .

  

  a tone that seemed to leave no doubt thatihe
I meant ‘what he said.
’ '- . “Then he has money of his own?”

“If he has I am not oﬂicially aware of the fact." -

 . _“But he couldn't rent an oﬂice in the Wyandotte
. _Bui1ding and”set up for himself unless he had
" some backing.
 "“Well,' I haven't any idea who's backing him.
. You don't suppose I’d give him the funds to em-
H "bark in any such ridiculous enterprise, do you?”
 “Maybe some broker is putting up the money,
- with the idea of using him as a catspaw to catch
‘ fcertain traders on a deal,” suggested Nickelman.
A’.  George Morris shrugged his shoulders, ,as
J though the matter didn't trouble him greatly. At
7 that moment the new oﬂice boy announced the
7» 7 name of another trader who wished to see Morris
 Ton important business. so Nickelman took his
. leave. The fact that Ted Moi-1-is had gone into
“business on his own account was such a rich joke,
, in Nickelman’s eyes, that he spread the news
 -wherever he went that day. Most of his._hearers
. 'rec,eived the information with some incredulity,
_.3W*and’were only convinced when Nickelman as-
. Vgired them tliigi; it gas a fact, vouched for by
, eorge li/orris imse . g ‘
" I ff"What business does he expect to do?” asked
, , one trader,_after Nickclman told him the news of
9.4 acre chain e of base. i
'“7“ “I give git up. I'm thinking that the whole
thing is a trap. and that the boy is the bait.”
 ’ i ’ “A trap, eh? And who do you suppose is be-
hind-it?,” '
 A l;’_“‘I_ c1¥>u'ldn’t tell you. Might be George Morris
v imse . c ‘
L ‘ffgo you think the old man is back ofthat
' I

I ' p-“iludging by his talk, _he isn't; but the fact of
_ 1-, boy being out for himself looks suspicious to
_  1 ma,»-:er=took young Morris for a boy who
was likely to go ofl_" half cocked. He ‘always
stxb-u¢1; me.—as a sensible young fellow. Well, for
 eason it doesn’t seem reasonable to sup ose
tltatille has deliberately embarked in the bra er-

  

     

  

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
    
 
 
   

 

,age;,bus‘ines's expecting to make anything ‘out of
“it. "Therefore, I say this apparently ridiculous
.'"m"o.ve*',has all the ear-marks of_a deep design on
somebodyfs part, presumably his father, to work

Jome game on the Street.”

 

Jtroldng his imperial thoughtfully. .
, j:'So the impression gradually got about among
l’ie‘brokers that Ted Morris was merely Put _f01“
 as a new trader to cover the manipulations
01? his . father. _
user, and he hastened to deny any ‘connection
.. ._te 'th hi son. ._ ”
WEI: 'i7:1siwrnlply ashairbrained freak of the boy's,
’ pp;-otested. "When I saw that I couldnt talk
iufout of‘ it I let him go ahead. He wont last
cry’ long, for he hasn’t got any capital to lose.
tl1at'I know of, and I ought to know, for Im his
ather.."_ * _
The brokers, however, were not convinced by
urge Morris’ explanations. _
accept. _;'t,9,g_ the truth, but were determmed to
kg*ep;;1;h,e1r ‘eyes on the boy to see what move he
-» I  dmakein the market. Several of them.,Wh0
 « ,1. ed W911, called on him to see if they could
.1-himfin an oﬂ’-hand way. Nickelman and.
f 9'61; headed  and the!-

‘ other necessary et ceteras.

.,{‘‘I think you're right,” admitted the other, ‘

George Morris soon heard this ru- ~

They pretended to I

TED,pT’HE IBROKEPJS son ' - , ‘ 5

found Ted seated at his desk, reading Wall Street
intelligence. _ _ ,

“Hello, Ted!" said Nickelman. “We heard you
had gone into business for yourself, and we came
up to welcome you into the fold.”

“I am much obliged to you, gentlemen. You are
quite welcome. Sorry I haven’t chairs enough to
go around; but you can ﬁnd roosting places on
the table or on the window-sills. Had I known‘
that I was to be so numerically honored I'd have
hired a few camp-chairs for the occasion."

“Don't worry about us, Ted,” laughed Bowditch.
"We’l1 perch ourselves somewhere about. So
you’ve cut loose from your father, eh?"

“Looks like it.. doesn’t it?” replied the boy
broker. ‘ ,

“You expect to build up an independent busi-
ness, instead of waiting to step into your father’s
shoes. eh?” said Nickelman.

“That’s about the size of it.” _

“Want to demonstrate that you have the ambi-
tion and pluck to succeed by your own efforts, I
suppose?” remarked a broker named Newman.

d :lsn't that the right thing for a young man to‘
0'.’ ‘

“Of course," replied Nickelman, winking at his_
friends. “You have quite a business-like" littleg
den iiez-e——telephone. ticker, safe, and all the
I suppose you haven't
started to do anything yet?”

“No. I’m ﬁlling in time getting accustomed to

~ being my own boss,” laughed T

“I suppose you’.re glad to give up the strenu-
nus occupation of carrying messages about the
district on a‘ small salary?” said the trader
named Goss. ’ ,

“Yes; I expect to do better than that. If any
of you gentlemen have any superﬂuous business
you want to throw my way I shall be glad to exe-
cute it for you on the usual terms, and with the,
utmost dispatch.” -

“Good!" chuckled Nickelman. “When there's
an overflow at mv ofﬁce 'I’ll remember you. I
see by your sign that .you handle mining shares."

.“Yes; I‘_m ready to handle anything that there
is money in.”

‘,‘Then I recommend you to buy some Little
Savage Copper. It’s a new proposition, but I un-
derstand it has all the look of a winner.”

“Are you loadingup with it?” asked Ted.

“I’ve got quite a block in my safe. I couldlet
you have some if you are anxious to get" in on a
good thing.” -

“I’ll look the mine up and let you know.”

“Do so; you’ll ﬁnd it to your interest By the
way,_ where did you get that picture you have’
hanging above your desk?” ,_ ‘

The.p1cture in question represented a. rural
scene, in which a lamb was being tossed in the air '
by a vicious-looking‘ bull, while a great black bear,
with ﬁght in his eyes, was climbing a near-by
fence in order to_become a factor in the scene.

“That was painted for me by a young artist

who is trying to get a re utation by producing‘
bucolic sub]-ects true to li e.” ,
, ‘-‘It is uite appropriate in a broker's oﬁlce,"
laughed ickelman. “What's that cartoon un—<
derneath it?" p 2 

“That isn’t a cartoon. It’: a puzzle picture.”

“What’s the puzzle?" " ‘

_ “You will notice that it represents a “g'igaﬁt]g .' ,

iéair or Icale9y31_i°e,1Y adjusted, with the iema,

  

 "ditch, chuckling.

~- Ted.

I siblydisappoint your anticipations.”
‘ Morris senior chuckled, and the subject was"

6 I I’ . ran, THE BnoKER's SON 1

‘A Game of Chance.’ On one scale is a ile of
gold,.on the other a pile of snowballs, et‘t e“bal-
ance seems to be perfect. You will 0 serve that

there is an intelligent-looking lamb on two legs,

in the foreground, with a. fat pocketbook in its
hoof: The lamb is about to put the wallet into
that slot opening in the pillar that holds the
scales. The weight of the pocketbook releases a

spring, and one end of the scales descends within

reach. It may be the circular/tray holding the
gold coin, or the one holding -the snowballs. The
lamb, you will notice, is looking longingly at the
gold. The puzzle is to ﬁnd out whether the lamb

gets the gold or the snowballs for its money.”

Ted’s explanation raised a general laugh
among his visitors, and Nickelman remarked:

“That’s easy. The lamb gets the snowballs, of
course. '

“You’re a good guesser, Mr. Nickelman-,” said
Ted. “I believe you keep a large supply on hand
for the beneﬁt of your customers."

. ﬁgargti) sﬁpply of what?”
now a -s.

Ted’s answer was received with a roar of
laughter. -

“That's one on you, Nickelman," said Bow-
“You’ll have to stand the
drinks after that. Gentlemen, we’ll now adjourn
to the Elmpire Cafe and lubricate at Nickelman’s
expense. ’ . c

This suggestion was received with applause,

‘and the traders began to ﬁle out of Ted’s oiﬁce

in ‘great good humor, Nickelman excepted.’

CHAPTER IV.--Ted’s Deal in H. & 0.

All the brokers, excepting Nickelman, who had
visited Ted’s office that afternoon told their ac-
quaintances about the puzzle-picture in the boy
b1;oker’s oﬁice. and how he had turned the joke
on Nickelman, and the story spread all over the
Street, causing may hearty laughs at the big
trad'er’s.expense. any brokers used it as an ex-
cuse to call on Ted, and they found the picture
quite amusing, or at least said they did. George
Morris heard about it, too, and he indulged 1n a
quiet chuckle. It reminded him of when he was
a young chap himself, and kind of softened his

pgrouch towardlhis son and heir.

“ ‘in afraid Ted has only illustrated his own
ﬁnish,” he said grimly to his wife, after relating
the story, at the breakfast-table. “The snow-
balls will be his portion, and not the gold that he
is looking for.” . ‘

“ you worry about me, father,” spoke, up
“If the snowballs come my way you won’t
hear'me squeal.” _ V

“Oh, they’ll come your way, all r1ght,”
Morris pere. “I never saw a boy yet withyour
assurance that didn’t get a trimming."

“Don’t be over-conﬁdent, father. I might pos-

dropped. Next morning Ted accidentally heard
a “couple of traders talking about a syndicate that
was being formed to boom H. & O. shares. One
of the brokers had reecived thetip on the quiet

. from a member of the pool, and was letting ‘his

friend in on it, not noticing that Ted was stand-
ing within easy earshot. _ g T '

probably begin tomorrow or next day,’

. it. Now you haven't any money of your own’ :

crock he found in the creek on the property ti

replied '

 

“The brokers ‘selected to do the buying will "
. said tI_1'e‘;: .
man who had received the tip, f‘so we haveplentyj
of time to load up if we begin right since . .It‘.'is‘
going at 72, which is about as low as it's ikely to
ge -” Q  ' . I
"I know a man who has 10,000 shares. I guess
I can get it from him for 72 1-2.” _ ,~ *
“Then buy it right away. The calculations of
gas" syndicate are that the price will go to over

:After some’ further talk the two brokers parted.’ I
“I guess I can't do better than et in on H 85-‘
0.," thought Ted. “It looks like g. winner frbm‘
all that broker said. Those two chaps are bound
to mags 211 ﬁne’tralloeE%if between them, and I don't ;-
seewy can 0 esame.’ . v ‘
Accordingly, Ted put up $20,000, ractically all,"
his capital, on 2,000 shares of  0., with the '
little bank in Nassau Street that put through his
B. & 0. deal. That afternoon, when he was:go-e
ing to lunch, he met his father on the street, and y *
Eliie old man invited him to go to Delmonico’s with
m. ‘  ,
“All right, father; I never refuse an invitar I
tion of that kind.” 9 " I n c ,
, . , . ..,
«ts:r“s;°‘;.rt:;.£.:%i.°*;...D:.*;:.:s*“"gYe?-r   
“Look here, Ted, are you really trying _to 

  
 
 

businesson wmdl”. V . . , .. M ;
“_No, sir. I don't know that ,'anybody can do
business on such unsubstantial capital.” .
“Then somebody must be backing you.” ; ,. 
“No, sir. Nobody is backing me.” 7 ,_ 3
“But you've got an expensive office, and it must ,;«.
have cost you several hundred dollars to furnish g

worth mentioning, so it stands to reason‘ that». '
somebody must be putting up for you. Half the ; 
brokers in the Street believe that some traderis’
pushing you as a blind. A good many, traders _
msinuated to me that they believed I wasgbaclging ‘ ~
you for a purpose, and I had ‘a "whole lot,’-‘o’
trouble trying to convince them that—‘I .w,as‘ eit-
tirely innocent of the charge.” , " .    J‘, 1
“I’m not responsible for the suspicions of
brokers,” replied Ted. , ‘ ‘ ~ ’ ‘ ’

    
 
   
    
 
 
 
  
 
   
    
   
    
 
  

“Well, it's likely‘ your actions are ,
watched, so I hope you'll take the hint.” ’« »  . .. 

“Well, father." said Ted, as’ theywalked intol.-3
the dining-room, where they found a lot-  
brokers already’ at the tables, "as you seem ,to‘. I
think I have a backer, in spite of my denial of the’ -
fact, I will tell you where I got my capital” 
startwit.” m, n * ,\~ 

Thereupon Ted told his fathenabout-the ise'a,le”cl..

the people where he and his friend Will Under
wood spent _their two weeks’ vacation. 
“On opening it I found nearly $23,000.in it-1
gold coin.” I -
His father looked amazed. ‘V .; 3
“.4_.re you telling me the truth, Ted?” he —s _ ,
looking hard at the boy» for the story looked "af'b‘l;t’
ﬁshy to him. . ' 1  ,
f‘I’l1 bring Underwood around to your "oiﬁe,
this afternoon. and have him conﬁrm.it, 
say so. I gave Will ten per cent.-of the money
and I guess he can show you his bank-book
the amount in it.”, j . ' _ . ,
“Ifm bound to believe you, as ._I never‘: ,
you In a_,lie yet, but it is one .of,tne mps_t1"" ‘ I

 TED, THE BROKER‘S son  9:

. _ able yarns I ever heard in my life. It seems in-

" credible that you, or anyone el_se_,’shou1d ﬁnd a
crock in a country streamcontaining $23,000.

“I admit that it sounds like a host story, _but

‘ for all that it’s a fact. If I had not come into

that money I would still be running errands for

you. ~ ,
“Well, if you've got $20,000 you'd better quit
this tom-fool business of _trying to play broke’:-'.
I don't approve of you_ doing so, anyway._ You ll
> only lose your money in the end, and gain noth-
ing worth speaking about. _
“I have your promise that you would give me
achance to show what I can 0 on my own hook
’— and I'm going to hold you to your word," replied
Ted politely, but ﬁrmly. _
“But, young man, you will only fritter away
$20,000 to no purpose." V '-
“How do you know that I will? I am in on a
deal now on which I expect to double my capital
at'1eas- .”
, “The deuce you
x deal?”
~ “It is." 
« “And how much of your money have you up?"
“All but a. few hundred dollars.”
Hisfather gave a. gasp. . _ ”
‘‘‘‘What is the name of the stock you bought?
; “H. & O.” _ 
’ “Why, that’s been going down for,the past
three weeks." _ _ , y
-»  “I know that. sir. I have an idea its reached
rock-bottom, and that it will go up soon.” __
‘ ".“You are a fool,” replied his father angrily.
—"Time will show whether I’m a fool or not. I
"have your permission to go ahead and make a
donkey of myself. I have the_r1ght to do as I
please with the money I found in such _a. remark-
_ able way. I shall keep it where it is-.-in I-I. & 0.
If you don’t want to take a chance in the stock
yourself, that’s your funeral. Inside of ten days
;y'fu’ll have ~r§ason for wishing you ‘had acted on

  suggestioii.’ _ _

9 , The rest of the meal was eaten in si_lence_. Mor-
ris’ senionfwas, angry and disgusted with his son.
When. théir had ﬁnished their lunch they walked
’ utside lnsilence. — 

xzyvou, are still determined to persevere‘ in your
present course?" he said to Ted.

.“I am,” replied the boy stoutly. ' ”
 ”~“Very well. Ithave nothing further to say,
 replied Mr. Morris. “.When you have seen your
'  ﬁnish you can return to my oﬁlce and I will pro-
" ‘vide a place for you.” . _

 *~“Thank you, sir. When  see my ﬁnish I will
do so,” answered Ted, walking oil‘. 1’
 ‘!And you’ll see it prett soon,.young- man,

are! I presume it is a margin

 

 
  
   
 

 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   
 

 

deep frown on his coutenance.
much sense as he’s got pure and unadulterated
nerve, Pd have some hope for him; but until he
runshis course I'm afraid nothing can be done
with him.” I ,

‘I-I. & 0. closed that day at 71 3_-4. Neigt day
‘it receded to '71 3-8. On the following day it rose
#5072 1-8. I The market continued weak and un-
ggrtaih, with small prospects of better_p1-ices. The
' .a'p‘ers~did not speak very encouragingly about
- an Street prices, and the army of lambs held
oof. Business, on the whole, was. dull, and the
kers "declared they were not making their. salt.
‘ day. brought unexpected activity in H. .& O.

V

muttered Morris senior. loo ing aflfzgrhlaiiglnhvgiighag.

shares. and the price stiffened to 73. It advanced
steadily until Friday. H. & 0. closedthat day at

91. Next day was Saturday, and the busiest one i

in ﬁve weeks. ‘The whole market was on the
boom, in sympathy with H. & 0., which wentto
96. At half-past eleven Ted called at the little
bank and ordered his 2,000 shares sold. He re-
mained at the bank till he heard that his Order
had been executed at 96 3-8. Then he returned
to his oﬂice and ﬁgured up his roﬁts on the deal.
He found he had cleared $48,0 0.

“I wonder what the old man will say when I
tell him how much I made on H. 5: 0.? He'll have
a ﬁt, I guess, for he looked to see me go broke
over it. Well. I haven't seen my ﬁnish this trip,

- so I fancy it will be some time before I apply to

my father to be taken back into his office.”

Thus speaking, he closed his office for the week .

and started for the elevator.

CHAPTER V.——Ted's First Customer.

On Monday H. & O. was a maelstrom of ex-
oitement, and it went to 98. The stock was no
longer hard to get, for the syndicate quietly ‘un-
loaded its holdings that day and cleared up a
tremendous proﬁt. The demand for H. & 0. was
so great that on Tuesday it went to 101. Ted
watched the, excitement from the visitors’ gal~
lery of the Exchange. He was satisﬁed with the
proﬁt he had made. and did not envy those who
were holdingion for still higher ﬁgures.

“It won't be long-before the bottom falls out 

of that stock, for“the price looks to me to he get-
ting topheavy," he thought.

The end came next day, as he had foreseen. A
clique of bears began selling blocks of shares in
quick succession in order to upset the market.
The movement was successful.

When he noticed the heavy selling going on he
rushed around to the little bank and ordered 3,000
shares sold for his account at a point lower than
the market. This was what is known as a short
sale, as Ted, not having the shares in his posses-

sion to deliver to the buyer, would have to buy u

them in subsequently.

If the market held its own long enough, or went’ ‘I

up, the boy speculator would be out, and injured

to the amount of the difference between wh_at’he‘

sold for and what he would have to pay for the
stock. But the luck ran his way, for, as we have
said, the price of H. & O. was broken by the
bears, and a slump set in. The stock went down
to 89. The panic,.however, was stopped by heavy
buying on the part of speculators interested’ in
H. & 0., and Ted. who was watching the market
like a hawk. concluded that it would lbewell for
him to buy in the 3,000 shares at that point. The
stock cost him 90.

As he had ‘sold 3,000 at 99 3-8,, his proﬁt, after

commissions had been deducted, amounted to $27,- .

000, and made him worth $95,000. He went home
that_afternoon feeling like a bird, but he said
nothing to his father about the additional money‘
he had madevout of H. & 0. Next morning, while
sitting in his oﬁice readin the ents of the
gapers on the H. & 0. sump, anti other Wall

treet matters, the door opened and a tall, bony, I
A;

vlneg-ary~looklng women entered» the office.

 

The price broke, 
and a slump in H. & 0. set in. Ted wasn’t‘ asleep. I

 

 v , tune, Trident and the Col

1 ‘ 

Vs’ ' V V TED, THE- BROKER’S soN  " 

she stood looking around the room in an unde-
way, Ted sprang up and went over to her.

‘'13 Mr. Morris in?” she asked in a snappish
way.

“Yes. ma'am. Pm Mr. Morris,” replied Ted
politely.

“Huh! Why, you're only _a boy—his son, may-
be. I want to see Mr. Morris," she said, with an
accent on the mister.

d “Yes; ma’am. That's my name. Will you sit
own.

The visitor glared at him.

:%re you’a bi-oker‘I"’ she mapped.

es, ma am. That s my business. What can

I do for you’! It will give me great pleasure to
be of service to you." ‘ .

“Are you a re lar broker?” asked the lady,

I domewhat softene by Ted's taking ways.

“Yes. ma’am."

"I've got some minin' shares I'd like to sell.
Can Jon tell me how much they're worth?"

" ave ou the certiﬁcates with you?"

The vis tor unrolled a aper pa go and hand-.
ed ﬁve certiﬁcates to T . They each called for
200 shares .in ﬁve diﬁlerent silver mines. Four
of them were exactly alike, save that the name
of a diﬂerent mine was printed in the place left
for it. Ted saw they were the kind of certiﬁcates
sold in blank in stationery stores. The ﬁfth
looked as if it might be of the same order, only
it had a dlﬂerent design from the others. The
names of the mines were the Jupiter, Ceres, Nep-
Extension.

“Where did you get these certiﬁcates, ma’am?"

"‘A man who boarded with me, some months
ago, left them with me as security for what he
owed.. As he hain’t turned up, I'm in’ to sell
hi ” If there's 0.nythin' over I'll eep it for

m.

Ted judged that the man had swindled the
woman with bogus certiﬁcates. To satisfy him-
self on that oint he looked the mines up on the
Western mar et reports. The Colombian Exten-
sion was the only one he found listed, and that
was only worth tw_o cents a share.

“I am sorry, ma’am, but four of your certiﬁ-
cates are worthless. I am not sure that they rep-
resent real mining property. The Columbian Ex-
tension is merely a prospect, and is quoted on the
Goldﬁeld Exchange at two cents a share.”

“Whatl” gasped the visitor. "Ain't them

“The Columbian certiﬁcate is worth $4; the
others have no value," replied Ted.

“That villain told me them shares was worth
$500. He owes me over $100,” almost screamed
the lady, with ﬂashing eyes. “You are sure
.you’re right, young man?”

“Quite certain. You can see the value of the
Columbian -Extension right here on this market
report,” and Ted pointed it out to her. .

. That convinced her that she had been victim-
ized by her former boarder, and she said some

shares worth nothin’?’ '

pretty hard things about the man. Finally she

asked Ted if he would ve her $4 for the Colum-

-bian Extension. He_ d dn't care anything for the
stock, but to help her out he bought the certiﬁ-

for its listed value, and she took her de-

pa , declarin that if she ever met the man
who had swindle her she’d give him a strenuous
time of it. i

CHAPTER VI.—Ted Rents Desk Room to a’

Pretty Girl

That afternoon. about half-past three, Will
Underwood walked into Ted's oﬁice. - ’
“Hello, Ted! How's the rush?” the visitor re-

marked, with a grin, as he planked himself down I

on the chair beside the desk.
“The rush is over for today”
broker. “Why didn’t you call
wanted to see‘it7”
“'1, was afraid there wouldn’t be any room for

me.

“Too bad about you. What do you think? I
had my’ﬁrst customer today.”

_Thats so? You're luclq.” ‘

“It was a lady on the shady side of forty, who
wanted me to sell some mining stock for her.”

You took her order. I suppose?”

“No. The stock wasn’t any good.”

Ilwasnit any good?» -L ‘ _ ,

“She had five certiﬁcates, only one of which

replied theboy.
earlier if./you

represented mining property. That was the Co- . -.

lumbian Extension of Goldﬁeld. The certiﬁcate
called for 200 shares, the listed price of which is
two cents. I bought it of her for $4. Guess I’ll
frame it.”“"

“What was the matter with the others?”

“I guess they were bogus. She took them as  ‘-

security for $100 worth of bee

tiﬂcateﬂ in blank. for they were all ah e, and ’ 
a printer to print diﬂerent names on them.
an old trick with swindlers.”

‘;;I‘?l,i,en your ﬂrst customer didn't pan out
we

sake of varying the monotony.”
“She must have been badly disappointed.”

“She was. I wouldn’t care to be the'chap‘who 1 

swindled h ‘f sh la ' him
bet own iii. n°a.‘i‘€.°§.sui'.‘g°l’o“:’ °

looks like a woman who means busi 
get's going."

 

‘'1 camein to  if you want to bu  I
“I'll buy? anything there's money in, e efst   V;

junk. What’s your tip?” -
“You know Broker Bradley, don't you?”
“Sure. What about him?”

“I carried a message to his omce today and

while there I heard him tell his partner that a ,-
cllque of big operators are trying to corner L. & ; ‘
boom the stock and {make ?_ -I

M. shares, intending to
a couple of millions out of i ”

“That's interesting, if true.”

"I guess it's true enough. He said that Ben-
jamin Hadley had been engaged to do the buying
and booming.”- »

“Then I ‘guess it'll be worth whilelkeeping  " '

eye on Mr. Hadley."

“That's what I thought. You have the um-.5.  i»

do that, so ‘I thought you might be able to make

something put of the pointer. In that case I want _ * '

a rake-oﬁ’
If I should go in and make anything, out of it I

give on ten per cent. of the proﬁts.
“ at’s satisfactory," replied his

, an elevated train uptown. For the 

'1.
1

rd 1' k ‘- « ‘ ‘
cal stood her up for. He probably firuxflehi the 

t’ef» A 
very  J5
“No; but Pm glad she turned up, if only [for the fl, j

 

 

“All right, Will... 111 see what's invthe  .3?’

mend.»  . 
The conversation then tumed'to other topics} . 
and ﬁnally the boys left the oﬁee together and"tod-.,

 

  . Ted

n

th d T d _ th' t'm tryin to get aline
onrelgrolgf Headﬂgve’: mdirethefits. Ife knew Had-

 ley by sight, and expected to see him on the ﬂoor

' of the Exchange. Ted didn't see him there the
_ ﬁr-st two days, but on the third he saw the broker
enter the building. Rushing. up into the gallery,
he saw Hadley circulating among the traders,
buttonholing akbroker here and exchanging memo-
randums with them. _ _
“He's either buying or selling largely, and if
 Will’s tip is the right thing he's buying _L. & M.
wondered how he could ﬁnd out Just what

i’ 7 Hadley was doing. At that moment he saw his

'_ (S

 ' 'L.&)l. . -
- buP‘7'il.‘Iligs.nks. father. It wouldn't be a bad idea for

~ father on the ﬂoor. ”
“I’ll get my old man to ﬁnd out for me, he

i , ithought.

So he went to the messengers’ entrance and
asked an attache to bring George Morris’ tothe

i n . «

m“1 int to see me, Ted?" asked the broker when
; he came up. ’

“Yes. I want you to do me a favor."

“What is it?” _ » .
~ “Find out for me what stock Benjamin Hadley
is bu 'ng in, will you?”

at do you want to know for?" asked his
father curiously. , ,
“Business," replied Ted.

Mr. Morris walked away, and in a little while a

returned with the intelligence that Hadley was

. .t b too” he whispered.
yoglsothigyahhlthéer tip you've got hold of?” the old

‘ 'man asked.

, “Something of that kind, but I can't guarantee
it. I shall probably back it to some extent."
Ted returned to the gallery and watched Had-

’, ley for nearly an hour; then he went to the little

bank on Nassau Street and left an order for any
part of 5,000 shares of L. 8: M, putting up $50,-
000 margin. Next day he received notice that‘ the
stock had been bought at 80. While he was sit-
tingfat his desk he heard a gentle tap at the door

  sang out, “Come in!”

‘ . 1; , iﬁidest-looking girl. entered.
“‘£}S(Y;$1r3£,1¥)er§:Iti¥ Morris, I believe?” she said.
. .“'j3)1at's my name. Take a seat,” said Ted.
‘His visitor did so, at the same time handin
0 him a letter addressed to him in a feminine han ,‘
which he recognized’ as that of Miss Brown, his

,father’s stenographer. Itwran as follows: -

"This will introduce Miss Bessie Burnett, whom

 ; I ‘spoke to, you about the other day as wishing to

 

   
   

secure desk room in an oilice as a public stenogrB-

» .. pher. You said you would be willing to accom-

‘ for her will be the same

‘:modate her on a. reasonable basis, so I sent her

.. ._to you. She is a very nice, quiet girl, and I can

recommend her in every way. Whatever you do
as if you did it for me.
“Yours sincerel ,

“ lara."

—‘ .,“You are Miss Burnett?" said Ted, looking at
,. his visitor.
The girl smiled and bowed.

E.“Clara Brown told me you wanted to rent desk
room in an office building, so I suggested that she
gang 0“ around ta me. ’ Do you think this office
"‘IVon1ii3.’suit'You?" _
“Ithink it wouldff she renhed.

wen, THE B1-'t0VKER"S SON

9
 “You can have the space beside that other win-
dow, and I will have a painter put your name, in
small letters. on the door."

“Thank you. What will you charge me?"

Ted mentioned a moderate price, and Miss Bur-
nett agreed to come.

“You can use that table of mine to stand your
typewriter on, if you wish-. I have no particular
use for it.” ‘ ,

The girl ‘thanked him, and said it would save
her buying a table. '

“When do you want to come?" asked Ted.

“Tomorrow, if it -is convenient." ’

“All right, Miss‘Bumett. I am generally down
about nine o’clock myself and leave between three
and four. You can stay as long as you choose.
All you have to do when you go is to release the
spring catch on the door."

Next morning about ten Miss Burnett appeared
with her typewriter and took possesion of her
\corner. During the day Ted sent a painter to in-
scribe “Miss Burnett. Public Stenographer," on
the door. Mr. Morris ‘made further in iries of
his son about the tip on L. & M., and T told him
that he had got the pointer from Will Under-
wood, He told his father such particulars as
Will had furnished him with, but the old man
thought it was too indeﬁniteto risk money on.
He asked Ted if he had a in on the strength
of the information. and t e boy avoided giving a
direct answer.

His father then advised him to be careful and
to go slow on any speculafwe venture, suggest-
ing‘that he'd better confer with him before he
put up any more money. It was a week from the
time that Ted bought the 5,000 shares before L.»
& M. advanced more than a couple of points
altogether. Then it took a jump of four points
one afternoon. closing at 86. The paper that day

spoke about the upward tendency of the stock,-

and next morning many brokers were bidding
for it.’ Broker Hadle

made rising“~bids for t. Very little came to the
surface even when «he oifered 90 for any part of
5,000 shares. Those who had the stock held on to

it for. a higher price, but when 95 was bid a good

many shares came out, and business got to be p

quite lively in it.

A number of brokers who had sold the stock»
short before the rise set in scurried about trying
to get hold of enough of it_to ﬁll their engage-
ments. Next morning the price went to par. Ted
decided that he wouldn’t take any more chances,

so he ordered his shares sold in small lots, as it

was bought. There were plenty of purchasers to

take it on his hands. and his proﬁt on the deal-

footed up a little over $105,000.- That gave him
a capital of $200,000. His fathefséattention be-
ing entirely taken up with a ‘big deal in U. P.,
he did not have the time to inquire into what his
son was doing, and Ted didn't tell him, but im-
parted his good luck to his mother and sister’
under a promise of strict secrecy. '

 

CHAPTER VII.r—How Ted Walks, Into a Trap.

Will Underwood dropped in quite re larly of
late. He was interested in Ted’s L. & , deal, for
he was to get 10 per cent. of the roﬂts. He was ‘

also interested in Bessie Burnet to whun Ted‘

1?

came forward again. and7

 

 10

had introduced him. When Ted received his
cheﬁk from the little bank he handed Will $10,500
cas. .

“There's your 10 er cent.,” said Ted. “Put it
in the bank alon with the rest of your boodle.”

“Do I get all his?” exclaimed Will, surprised
at the amount. for he had not counted on more
than $5,000 at the outside. ,

“Yes you get all that. If you find it too much
to handle you can turn some of it into the mis-
sionary fund for furnishing red ﬂannel shirts to
beknighted Hottentots.”

“Thanks for the suggestion, but I need the
money myself.” .

As Will was stowing his boodle away in his
pocket Broker Nickelman walked into the office.

“Good-afternoon, Mr. Nickelman,”
"Sit down.”

“I guess I’ll be off,” said Underwood, making
for the door.

“Buying anything these days, Morris?” asked
the broker.

“I bought a few shares of L. & M. the other
day and have just closed out at a proﬁt," replied
Ted carelessly.

“Well, I came in to see if you'd like to join
myself, Bowditch and a few friends in a pool to
corner a certain stock. There’s big proﬁt in it
for us. We only need one more member, and so
I thought I'd let you in on it.”

“What’s the name of the stock you think of
cornering?” . ‘

“You’ll learn that as soon as you've agreed to
join us and put up a forfeit.”

“I just gave you to understand that I never
leaped before I looked,” replied Ted. “If I ca n’t
see what’s ahead I don’t jump. In other words,
I don’t care to join a blind pool.”

“You wouldn’t expect us to tell ‘you the name of
the stock before we could count on you? That
wouldn't be business. We must protect our-
selves."

Nickelman got up. and wishing Ted good-after-
noon, left. He went straight to B1owditch’s office.

“I’ve’been to see young Morris about that pool
arrangement.” _ '

“Well?" -

“He won't even nibble. much less bite.”

“Why not? Didn't you tell him this was the
chance of his life?” . _

“I told him thatyhe was losing a good thing,
but the loss didn’t seem to worry him. We may
consider that scheme dead.” _

“Then we must try some other. We've got it
straight from the head bookkeeper at the Nassau
Street. Bank that.he’s made nearly $200,00 out of
deals in H. '& O. and L.. 5: M.. and it's up to us to
try and et some of his wealth away_from xm.”

“It’s c ear that he's been out f r himself since

.he opened up, and not, as we al sup osed, a

ﬁgure-head for somebody else. His fat er must
have staked him to begin with, and he's done the
rest, probably acting on pointers from -the old
man.” said Nickelman.

“Well, $200,000 is a lot of moneyvfor a boy like
him to have at his ﬁngers’ ends. e ought to be
able to pull the greater part of it our way. =His
father probably warned him against going into
any kind of a pool arrangement, that’s why he's
so‘ shy on the subject. ow I think the easiest
way to catch him would be on a. fake tip.’f

“Let’s hear what your plan is; I'm ready to go -

TED, THE BROKER’S s'oN I ,.

to go into it. ' ~

said Ted.

'Nickelman a couple of times."

    
 
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
   
   

into anything that promises to pull his, or any»  

body else’s, money our way.” * fi —
Bowditch then laid his scheme before Nickel-. if

man. It looked feasible, and Nickelman agreed, ;

“We’ll start her up at once,” said Bowditch.‘ 
“I"l‘lHget9the tip to Morris through my oﬂice boy.” ‘ ;
ow.’ ~ '

“My messenger is a particular friend of Mor- v
ris’ chum, Underwood, who works for Barnaby & " "
Co. By getting the tip to Underwood he's sure
to pass it on to Morris. Then we’ll follow it u in _
a way that will convince our‘ boy broker that ’s '
got on to the real article. That will 0 en ‘the’ «
way for us to dumpthe stock on him. e’ll buy» --j ’ .
on margin, as he hasn’t capital enough to operate : '
any other way to advantage. As soon as we have
evidence that he has swallowed the bait, we’ll be- .
gin working the wires that will land him in they »
soup. If he puts up half his money on 10,000” _r ‘
shares. he’ll have to come up with the balance to 3 '
save himself, then we’ll swee that into our cofv-_;‘
fers, too, and that will wipe him out as clean as a. .
whistle.” ' . 3 3

The two brokers rubbed their hands together as .- _
they ﬁgured on the, success of their scheme to do" , ,.
up Ted Morris, and they lost no time in utting 
their plans into effect. Two days later ill Un- ‘~ '
derwood rushed into Ted’s oﬂice in some excite- I 
ment. I - *-

“Say, Ted, I’ve got another tip for you, and it's *'-- .
a hummer,” he said. _ —

“I suppose you want to sell it on the some '_
terms as the last,” laughed Ted. ,

“Well, it’s worth every cent you are willing to
allow for it.” _ " v

“You ,seem pretty certain on that score.
did you capture the good thing?” — » V

“Through a friend of mine named Billy Dud-.,
ley. He runs messages for Bowditch, .the,Broad‘;/1 "
Street broker.”

How; A

“I know Bowditch. He’s been up here with

“Billy is a pretty good friend ofmine, and
knowing I have some money in the savings ‘bani;
he called on me to let me in on the pointer 
he got hold of. I was afraid to make use b  ’ _
L. & M. tip I gave you, because I ' a.vevB_o§',_ _
time to look after a deal. I was thin rig thatfyéai.
might do the businessfor me this time. I’_l‘l.ﬁ’1jt"
up that $10,000 you paid me on the L. 8: M. tip‘*as
margin on 1,000 shares, and you can also let me
in on 10 per cent. of your winnings again. That
would give me a good, haul. I might "then cut,
loose from Barnaby & Co., take desk 1-o_,om~'in_’
your office, and speculate on my own .ac‘coIint,._.
same as you are doing.L’ '

“You have the thing all cut and dried; —Will
I see,” replied Ted. ‘I would advise you, how}-~
ever, not to count your chickens before they're
hatched. Tell me what this tip is’, and allt
particulars about it.” .. -_' ,

“Billy was in the boss’ private oﬂice yesterday‘,
morning lookin for some document in the ~lett,e1'ji
ﬁle cabinet. Eilly is a little fellow. and the _;
cabinet is behind B wditch’s big safe. While
he was there two callers came into the private
room, and Billy heard all that passed 
them and his boss. They engaged Bowditch to 
around the Street and buy up every‘ share oz
Pittsburg Terminal he could find at as near,t1i
market price as hecould, zetf it. "P. ‘T'.';is that

 Q »- .~.~’...‘.

' ' company that controls the Union Depot in the
Smoky City, and leases terminal facilities to the

' different railroad lines running into the city.

~ Owing to mismanagement, and one thing or an-
other, the terminal company has not been making
money enough to pay dividends in the last year
or’so,‘ and the stockholders are disgusted. They
have formed a combination among themselves to
oust the present management at the next elec-

‘ tion, which comes off pretty soon. In order to do
this they are trying to secure control of a ma-
jority of the stock. The men who called on Bow-

‘. ditch are not acting" for the opposition, but for
~ ’ themselves. They ﬁgure that the moment -the
news of the fight for control gets out to the pub-
lic P. '1‘. will boom. like a rocket, and they expect

’ to make a big wad out of what they can get now
‘ at the present market price. The me told Bow-
. ditch that Nickelman has a -block of 1 ,000 shares

V which a customer left with him to sell. The own-

r wants two points above the market for it and
at’s why N ickelinan hasn’t ‘been able to get rid

of it. They told Bowditch to pay the extra two
points, or even four, if necessary, and get the
block. Now, Ted, if you could steal a march on
Bowditch, and capture that stock from Nickel an
on a 10 per cent, margin you'd surely dou le

' your money in a short time, and put a wed in my -

. pogket as well. Then I'll fetch my $10,000 around
rand give you an order to buy me 1,000 on the out-
_, side on margin, and you could work my deal in

= connection with your own, charging me the reg-

'’ular commission. How does the pointer strike

u?!)

‘—‘It looks all right on the face of it, if your
fiiend Billy’s information is to be relied on-as
the real thing.” . . _ _ I

“He wouldn’t have let me in on it if it wasn t
'a winner, for he has no object in fooling -me.

‘Billy is all right, I can assure you of that fact.
Of course you ll have to use your own Judgment
.-~ in‘ a. matter calling for an outlay of $100,000
* 0 in gmai-gin, but if you want to get that blockrof
~ I’. T. from Nickelman you’ll have to act mighty
7 quick, for Bowditch is after it, and, for all
 to the contrary, he might have secured it
1 already. At any rate, whether youget hold of
it or not, I want you to buy me 1,000 shares right
 away. I'll fetch my money over at four o’c_lock
to make good the margin. I'm satisfied the tip is
"ii; good thing whether you_ arrive at that con-
 clusion or not, and I'm going to back it to the
-I .extent of the ten thou." _ .

1 is: Will's evident intention of risking the bulk_ of
his money on P. T. went a good way ward im-
‘ ressing Ted that there was someth ng in the
p , for he knew that Will was a cautious lad
'wll:h his coin, and that he wanted a pretty sure
thin before he would take any chances.
had ardly, taken his departure when Ted's tele-
phone rang. v
.1 "“Well‘,"‘ hé said, putting the receiver to his

 

  

  
  
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
   
 

.061‘; _ ,
 ““That you, Nickelman?” said a voice that
ljounded like Bowditch’s.

Ted was a}i)l:out111:o saé thsgliz the speaker had the
:19 v ce wen on: ~
éy “lnﬁidgl-myoilil hvaifdl a leilock of 10,000 Pittsbur
'1'erminal,on your books. Just hold it for me wil

. ‘I. I'll be around in the course of an our.

 -by,” and the speaker ran oﬁ.

run, ITHEI Baoxmrs sou

Will’

That was Bowditc.l_i's voice or a dollar~bi11o"“

 

11
muttered Ted. “He's after that stock, and Will's
tip is evidently the correct thing. I uess I can't
do better than secure the stock myse f is Nickel-
man will let me have it on margin.”

He put on his hat and went to call on N ickel—
man. The broker was in his oﬂice, waiting for
Ted to call, though the boy broker had no sus-
picion of the fact. I

“How d’ye do, Morris?" said Nickelman effu-
sively. "What can I do for you to-day?”

“I called to see if you have any Pittsburg Ter-
minal shares.” ,

.“Want some?” asked the broker, hugging him-
self with suppressed glee.

“Yes.” ‘ ' .

"Well, I've a block of 10,000 shares, but I can't
break it.” ‘ . ‘

“Whatdo you want for it?”

“Ninety-ﬁve.”

, “Will you sell it on margin?” asked Ted.

“At 95—yes.”

“I’ll take it, and will bring you the money in
ﬁfteen minutes." " ,

‘‘All right. Fetch your boodle around and I'll
hold the shares subject to your order.’.’

3Inside of a quarter of an hour Ted was back
with $100,000, which he paid over to Nickelman,

""»‘=Tt—’!'~ ‘

got his memorandum of the transaction and 're- ‘»

turned to his office. Ten minutes later Nickel-

man was over at Bowditch’s office shaking hands '

with him and holding a jubilation meeting. Then
the two brokers adjourned to the nearest cafe
and had several drinks. Poor Ted, the broker’:
son, had fallen into the trap.

CHAPTER VIII.—Ted on the Brink of Ruin.

That afternoon Will Underwood brought his
$10,000 around and enrolled himself as Ted's sec-
ond customer. He left his order in regular sha
for 1,000 ‘P. T. at the lowest price the boy bro -
or could secure it. for and handed the money to
Ted. Poor Will did not dream that he was in
line to become a victim also of the conspiracy to
do u Ted, to whom he had unwittingly conveyed
the ake tip. Next morning Ted left Will's order
to be executed at the little bank on Nassau
Street, and the stock was bought at 93, somewhat
to Ted’s surprise, who thought the rice would be
higher. Bessie Burnett had now een a month
in the boy .broker’s office, and she and Ted had
grown to like each other very much indeed. She
was a. quiet girl and had little to say, but Ted

succeeded in getting a strong hold on her con-

ﬁdence, and managed to draw her out little by
little. He found she had a sweet disposition-and
what might be called a self-sacriﬁcing natur
and themore he saw of her the betterihe likeed

er.
but kept her feelings toherself.

She thought him the nicest and most title-
manly boy she had ever met, and every ay in-
creased her liking for, him. She came from a
good family. Her‘ mother’s people were very

wealthy, butithey had turned the cold shoulder on ‘

her because she married a poor artist instead of

making what they considered a more suitable\
Bessie’s father’.

match for one of her station.
did not prove successful as a moneymaker, and

  ' - '1
.’£  ..,  -or ‘  rr.

 

Bessie herself took a great fancy to Ted,’

  

 12

girl and marry her.'

‘ , mother, the famil

ally got up in the world. When he foun

I ' ' rest of the family.

I. her and her daughter under
I ~ “You shall live in as good style as the rest of

,‘‘I’m worth a million’ or- two, and if I
married I'll leave it all to you and Bessie No. 2.

. ‘  ‘Bee _
 looked down attythe rug. ,

  

the girl was brought up in an atmosphere’ of
genteel poverty. Finally he died a ‘year before
BGSSIG came to Ted’s office, and the ‘rl found
herself compelled to support both herse f and her

a mother.

One of Bessie’s uncles on her mother’s side,
whose name was Jack Hall, went out West be-
fore his sister married the poor artist and set-
tled there. He bought an interest in"several
mining prospects, all of which turned out to be
winners, and thus he became a millionaire. About
the time Bessie came to Ted’s oﬁice this uncle
came East to visit his family in Pittsburg. He
was a bachelor, and his rich brothers and sisters
expected him to pick out some eligible Pittsburg
In fact, theywere so anx-
ious to have him do so that they s iled the thing
by their over-zealousness. He he been a bache-
lor so long in the wild and woolly regions of
Nevada that he was not anxious to find a wife,
particularly a society lady such as his connec-
tions wanted him to take up with.

This disposition on his gart led to some mild
scraps between him and is high-toned sisters,
who were afraid if he did not do as they wished

he might pick up some poor girl, just as Bessie’s
. , black sheep, as she was called,“
* had thrown herse f away on a poor artist. Jack
II-Iall had never quite gone back on his sister Bes-

sie. because she made a misalliance, but he had
been too busy with his mining schemes to think
much about her, presuming that she» had a}clu-
t at
the family had thrown her off he determined to
come to New York and look her up. , He did so,
without saying anything about the matter to the
On the day that Ted bou ht

he 10,000 shares of P. T., Jack Hall found is

sister’ and niece living in a. very modest ﬂat in

Harlem. The meeting between brother and sis-

ter was quite touching, and when Hall found out

all the particulars of his younger sister’s married

life he declared that the was ﬁoing to take both
h s protection.

the family afterathis," he declared ener etically.
on’t get

In any case, I shall provide liberally for you both.
The family hasn’t treated’ ou right, and I’m go-
ing to even things up. I buy a house for you
right away, and when it has been_settl_ed on you,
sister, you and Bessie can move in with a good
2.:?:;‘°:.z*a.:2:.::“:‘.°2;‘:i2 as *2.;*;W° 

Of course that was a ﬁoyful turn of Fortune's
wheel for Bess1e,ZBurne t and her mother, and

I when she came down to the ofilcenext day the

first thing she did wasto tell Ted about their

good 1 ck. ‘ p
“I cgngratulate you, Bessie,” said Ted. “You

v deserve everything that comes your way, In fact,

I think there is nothing too good for you.” .
“Thank ou, Mr. Morris,” replied the girl with
B ‘leased lush. _ , _ I _
‘I suppose you will give up your little business
now,” said Ted. “I shall be awfully sorry to lose
you. 'You’re the nicest girl I ever met, and I

"can't help saying that I've come to think a whole

it f .”‘ ;
O 0 sllgubluushed mm.-eyrosily than before and

I ran, Tzss gmmzs son

I‘ please?" I 2

  
  
   
     

“You will excuse me for being so frank, but I K _
caI_1’t htelp _ta!kmg gust? as I feel. When are-yo,uu« ,
going o give u ere.” I ’ , I » '
e , "Oh. not for :3 month yet, at any rate," she,an_-1 . 
swered. "'Not until. Uncle Jack ias bought"the"
house for mother and we there to live.” ,

“Well, I’m glad you will E: here a. while longe,r.; . ,
I should be quzteelost without you. You are very“
pleasant company for me, and I want youryso-._
CIelZ¥‘ as long as possible." - _ 

i “_ Mr. Morris,” she,‘ ,

 

lggink you for saying so,
rep 1 . ’ T , 
“I hope you will permit me to call upon you fj
after you eave that I may not lose you] alto-' j
H HI shall be glad to have you call on us at any I
me. ‘ , H A
“Thank on. I will take advantage of yyouril
peziriimisloilﬁe, P T I 1 it t A at
. a a moon . . rosenear 9., on a 
Ted felt pretty good. Next day, hhwevlbr, a’ salt’-,,
age attack was made on the stock,_ and it dropped
so quickly that it made Ted’s hair almoststandg.
onuend. Iltr wkenlt down to 86 and he received [a. "
ca from ic emanf mo in, ' .. Ti ii 
himse1f_he had to put (‘hip evgy dadllgdlrz he 
The price after. that recovered to 88,_at_—Whic'h_; 
ﬂégilure ittglcfed for thde day.thNext morning‘  :7 '
it tin‘? aéamwié‘ 3”‘ .‘in%’"p.r.‘iof.”.‘i§"n2§§~‘ liiip 
second mar§in. Wil ’s margin was .wiped:, on
com lately, or Ted had no money to ‘save him
Un erwood saw the state of aifairs on his.:oilice'
ticker tgnd he wasdcrazyil Iie. triéadbto gﬁt extgsied 3
so as run in an see is rien , utt ec .e
wouldn’ttlet him leave Elie}: oﬂgceitfliinakllyowlfdenglie
was sen on an erran e co e imeyon 
walyi backto c_all inon‘ Ted. He found his chum
100 ng the picture of woe. Standing near his
desk_ eggs Brlokers tfickelman and Bowditch with
a W1 sin: e on eir countenances. ’  
“I must have more margin, Morris, or.Iisha~fi
be obliged ‘to sell you out according to the rules,’
said Nickelman. “You have only two pointsrle’e-
wayat this; ’r’noment, and it's liable to drop that .
an momen. _ _ 3 y  
31! on .haver3}$1190,090 of my mo11;1oey now. Giveﬁm. "
a ance. e price is sure recover.’  _
slump is something out of the ordinary.’_’  ~
“Serves you right, Morris,” chipped in Bow-*
ditch. “You did me out of that stock. I hagdfa.
customer waiting to take it; , I lost $2,500. inoo
mission." I I

 

    
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
      
   

 

“I’ll make good your commission if you'll’ 
suade Mr. Nic-kelman to give me achance until ‘
I can communicate with my fatherﬂ,  s
I “ ,el1,”teleph0ne your father. You have time

guess. j , , y  e

I With the tape in his hand Ted feverishly pulled
the instrument toward. him and putthe receive?
tohisea.r.. ’ ' 
t “'l‘;he old man is the only hope I have," he 

ere. » " ,' ~ 

“What number?” sounded a girl’: voice in
ear. ‘ . «  

_ _Ted gave his father's number in alshaking
voice. , , » , .  " f ;.
“Hello!” said Miss Brown’s voice, ‘.‘what#is‘ 
“I'm Ted,” replied the boy. “ , ~ ";
“Oh, itlﬁ you, Ted.  d0 yo/u-,-,-——4”: 1
"Switch me on to my father’s1,wire*,.y

  
    
  
   
  
 
 

s

 

 TED, THE BROKER’S sou

“No use, Ted. 0 Your father is out." .

lggguti” gasped the young broker, turning
W “Yes. He went to a directors’ meeting half an
hour ago." _

“My heavens!" cried Ted. “Pm ruined-
lostl’ '

CHAPTER IX.—Saved. by 9. Girl.

ll  As Ted uttered the words he slipped to his

knees from the chair, which fell over on the floor
with a crash that attracted Bessie Burnett’s at-
tention. , , _
“Great Scott, Ted!" gasped Will springing for-
ward in some consternation. ‘W’hat’s the mat-
ter?"

Bessie uttered a smothered scream and has-
tened to the young tradci-'s side. Brokers Nickel-
man and Bowditch paused near the door with a
satisﬁed expression on their faces. Ted's head
had fallen on his arm, and his whole attitude

‘ alarmed both Will and the ‘r1.

i wood anxiously.

is -'

“What’s the matter, Ted? ’ repeated Under-
“Are on ill?"
“I,’ll!" repeated Ted 111 a hollow tone ”as he
raised his ghastly face. v.-.fN°. Ifm NIH? -
“Ruined! ’ ejaculated Will, while Bessie clasped
her hands and looked at the boly 1;:-oker with a
th ' h - .
w9fIi’(i'a:£ic:)llnp:o,”yrdp‘1ieci31Te:)iYi'%ingc§o his feet-

’ . "That is, un ess you help me out, Mr. Nickel-

.Te;-myinal cannot go down much more,

" ‘f’ th tri htbkr.
miiiinaiie issaii1'(1i:’ beii:sxii§ass,3‘ arlggvgreidl Nliiikilman

l . - ,
wﬁlziyhaps not; but you know that Pittsburg
' and when

‘ it stops it will go back with a rush.’

..;‘5 :.;u:5“°:i::3*:;:5.a:::: *;...‘.:;*".s:v*::.9;

.‘he_‘ help you out?”

‘ing to do?"

“I can't reach him. He’s.gone to a directors:
meeting and may not return for several hours.
, “That's hard luck for you. What are you go-

«1 '1; d nything unless you give me time
or thcfagriceoddes not fall another point. A drop
of one point will legally wipe me out. I ask you

. 'to give me time to try and raise enough to carry
- : .me over two or three points more.”

“Where -are ’
II ’
--ifuﬁi 8311': say how do you expect me 'to

you going to get the money?”

". wait? However, you have a poilrgt yet! in] our
f ' ,. It may no go below the me. wi re-
’av°r omce half an hour, and I will give

9 main in m

01; um: me to make good even if the price

 ‘gs. That is the bcst'I can do.”

- th tw b k lft the oﬁlce.
o:H‘,:15f?i?l1i‘ci>:§'!” i£iiutte)redmT:i? 3I’ll never be

laiblelto raise the money in that time, as I have

1‘: nothing

 

  
 
   
  
  
 

to raise it on. I could only appeal to

friends of my father.”

 ,,'At that moment there came a knock at the


Will went and opened it_. A sunbumedy

well-dressed stranger stood outside.

_ “Is Miss Bessie———-" he be8'an- ,

" Bessie heard the voice and caught a glimdpse

or the visitor-._ With a cry of 503: she rushe. to

Him and fairly dragged the astonished maninito
_he‘°mice-V9?‘ I V‘   -, A ! 7:-;r . g...

 
 

— saved my margins.

mayo

13

“Uncle Jack, you must do me a favor right
011'!" she said excitedly.

“A favor, Bessie, w y——-"

“You must. Save Mr. Morris.”

“Save Mr. Morris! What do you mean?" cried
the amazed and mystified man. ‘

“He’s caught in a stock slump. You must save
him for my sake, Uncle Jack. How much money
do you want right away, Mr. Morris?"

“How much? Nothing less than $50,000 will
do any good."

“Uncle Jack, you must give me your check for
$50,000 this instant. Not a moment is to be
lost," cried the girl, displaying an amount of
energy that astonished Ted.

“Fifty thousand dollars, Bessie! Why, why-—‘—"

“Giveyit to me, uncle; please do. It is ur ent.”

Jack Hall saw that something extraor ‘nary
was on the tapis, and that his niece, whom he
was greatly attached to, wanted the money for
some special purpose. Without an further pro-
test he sat down at Ted’s desk an taki out a
small pocket check-book proceeded tondraw a
checl; on the Manhattan National Bank for the
gequirteg sum, payable to the order of Bessie

urne

“Here it is, in dear,” said the visitor, holding
the check towar her. . ‘

“You dear, ood uncle!"
and throwing
ing h1m._ .‘

Grabbing the pen she endorsed the check,
to order of Theodore Morris," and signed
name.

“There, Mr. Morris. I hope that will save you.
Hurry, now, you have only ﬁve minutes to reach
the gentleman's oﬂice." _

“You are an angel, Miss Bessie,” replied Ted
with tears in his eyes. “You have probably
The price can hardly go low-
er than two or three points more, and this check
will cover that.” V ’

' Seizing her hand he pressed it to his li , and
rushed from his oiﬁce. Will also hurrie away,
pretty badly demoralized over his own loss, and
not caring whether he
out so long or not. Bessie then explained mat-
ters to her Uncle Jack. .

“I guess you think a whole lot of that
man, Bessie,” said the visitor, with a twin
his eye.

“Whatfnonsense, Uncle Jack!" she criedin
some can usion.

“No nonsense at all my dear. I can easily see
how the land lies. N10 girl will do as you have
Est done unless she has a powerful regard for,

e person involved.
you two en a d?”

J ‘girégiagei !; cried Bessie. “Why, no.

us en 5. _

“Just friends, eh? Well, if you're not engaged
before the month is out I'm much mistaken,
that's all,” he said with a chuckle.

“Now, uncle, please don't tease me,” she said,
Puttin her arm caressingly around his -neck.
‘And on’t tell mother when you see her."

\

cried Bessie, taking it
er arms around his neck and kiss-

uP -
£3

le in

We are

Of course Uncle Jack promised to do exactly 1

as she wished. for he couldn't resist her
witching ways, and they were talking on a differ-
ent subject when Ted returned.

"Mr. Morris this is my
F» u about,’_’ said'Bes!ie.:;» -

is

- /.

 

got ﬁred for remaining ‘

oung

Come, now, tell me-—-are »

Uncle .Iack‘nai1,i,to1d I V

 

 "14

grasped hands.

“ might have got through all right.
. away from his oﬂice, and so were the other two

“Glad to meet you, Mr. Morris,” said Mr. Hall
in a ‘hail-fellow-well—met tone and manner as they

“And I’m glad to know you, Mr. Hall,” said
Ted. “Thanks to Bessie, you have saved me from
going under and losing every dollar I had, $190,-
000. I shall be grateful to you as long as I live.
You couldn’t have dropped in at at more oppor-
tune moment. . It seems like the hand, of provi-
dence. If I could have reached my father I
But he was

gentlemen to whom I intended to appeal. Then
you came when everything seemed slipping away
from under me, and Bessie came to my a1d._ You
are a noble 'rl,” added Ted, seizing the girl by
the hand an kissing it again. “You don’t know
how much I owe you. From this moment I stand
ready to go through ﬁre and water, if need be, to
do you a service. I am your devoted friend for—
ever.” ~ .

Bessie blushed rosy red and looked very happy.
“Are you sure you're safe now, Mr. ,Mor1-is."
asked Jack Hall.

‘Ted seized the tape and looked at it.

' "Pittsburg Terminal is now 75. I am still
good for four points. It doesn’t seemlpossible
Blast it'tc3.n go low enough to wipe that last $50,-

ou . _ i ‘
“But it might, eh?” said Hall. _,
“Yes, it might. There is something uncom-
monly odd about this slump, when I had ,a tip

that pointed to a rise as sure as the sun shines."

“Maybe there was something wrong aboutthe ‘

tip,” suggested the visitor. .
“There might be. Yet I had a conﬁrmation

“of it over the ’phone.’’

“Well, you know better than me.“ I’ve heard a

‘whole lot, however, about the traps that are
_‘ sprung in Wall Street to catch even one’s friends
‘off their guard."

“It might have been a trap to catch me. A
trap of Bowditch and Nickelmaifs. I don’t like
the way they acted when they were in here. i It
begins to lo'ok suspicious to me now that I'm not
on the ragged edge." . _ ‘

“I noticed their faces," said Bessie. ‘They
seemed to be leased over your misfortune.”

“If I thoug t it was really a trap I’d——no, I
couldn’t do anything now; but some day I'd try to

' even the score up.”
“Well, ,1 like you, Morris,” said ,Ha1l-." “And as,

Bessie thinks so much of you——— ’ _
f “_VVhy, Uncle Jack!” cried the girl, blushing
urious .

Ted lgoked at the confused girl with an eager
longinp in his face. '
' ‘ We 1, then, we’ll leave Bessie out,” chuckled
Hall. “I'll tell you what I'll do for you. It won't‘
do to‘ lose that $50,000. I'll give you another

’ check to use in case you ﬁnd yourself still in

the mire. How will that fix you?”

“It's too much to expect of you,
have already done-——-” '.

“No matter what I’ye already done. I gave
that to Bessie, and she handed it to you. I’ll let
you have this one myself, and I’ll be down to-
morrow to see how things arecoming on with

you}:
“Thank you, Mr. Hall. My father will make

Mr. Hall. You

I V these checks good if an thing should happen.”
I I ,“Ne,ver~ mind your ather. ._We’ll see if you

 

TED,  BROKER’S son; ’ 7  I   

. ‘aiiybod

‘Burnett you’d have been cleaned out on I» the

  

can’t‘ get on without appealing to him." Bessie 
told me that you started out wi_thout asking him
for a dollar}? . . I  ,
"That's true.” ’ k‘ _
“Then don't ask him for a dollar now. I’ll see I "
you through this thing becaus-e——well, for Bes-
sie’s sake. _ So we’ll let it go at that.” I  . ’_
The mining man drew another $50,000 _chéck:,
this time to Ted’s order, and handed it to the boy.
“D011”€ Say 3 ‘W01‘d. but put it in your pocket.
I’ll see ou to—morrow.” ’ V . ' V ‘
Mr. all got up, wished Ted and Bessie good:
by for the time being and walked out. . , . 
“Bessie,” said Ted, taking her hand, “I, Want, "

to tell you again that you’re an angel. You 1 ‘L’
saved me from absolute ruin.” _ L  ,
‘‘I’m ver glad if I did, Mr. Morris," shelap‘-v " “

sweired shy y. , , ,
“ sit a fact, 0 1 ‘d, an t V 1. ;
liklﬁlis /“1dEttle%b§i1;s‘T?”‘Jl‘ie11Ii1a.E-,l:e:’iz.u <7 you lean’:
.‘ y r. ”be th ‘lbl sh‘ 1%.‘  
“Tell ’me, "is it ti-ue‘."g‘&&I1c2iifa'egfvlc>1‘1~ yo:   
else in the whole world, Bessie.’ ,1 have ~
cared or you right.alon.g since you first came 
here, and now—now I love you with all my heart. I
s.::s’: retire “W *° Wm  heart» an
' Ted put his arm around her waist and ‘drew T
her unresistinglyto him. . .‘ . I :
‘gell me, do you love me?" , A *  _ -
_ ‘ es. I loveryou very dearly,” she gaid h‘a.f' '7
mg ‘her blushing face on his shoulder. ’  , V‘

 

 

 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
    
 
 
 

CHAPTER X.—-The End of the P. T. Mmegj

Will dropped into Ted’s otiicelagaiii after.  X:
was through for the day. He looked like thy-
last rose of summer after it has linen pluck/yed‘
and left. to wither in the sun. As axmatter of
tact, he didn’t care.much whether’ school kept
or not. He had lost his $10,000,. and life"looked
black and unproﬁtable to him at that particular ’
moment. , _, .  » 
, “Cheer up, Will. I expect to come out of thliil,
trouble with a whole skin, and‘ P11 i'n‘ak_e that
money good to you in that case,” said Ted 
solingly. I I ;’ I
~“I do‘n’t.want you to, Ted,” replied Will’ doles;
fully. It isn’t your funeral; That tip must .ha.veI
gone wrong somehow. If it hadn’t been for Miss

strength of it, and I'd never have forgiven‘ my-0
self for being the innocent cause. I tell you, 
it gives me the shivers to think what a closet
call you had." W '. ‘  ’ "
,_“I’ll never have a. ‘gloser one and ‘get /through;
It was touch and go ith me.” ' , _. ,  
“Bet your life it was. Miss Burnett is a‘.':G0‘1/'ka
er. You ought to be grateful to lie;-.__as longi as

you live.” . _' . ~ _
“I expect to be. Sit downyl want to .talk”
you aboiittthatti 3” Do you know I’m. afraidthat
was a pu -u J0 . , ~  ,_
“A put—uppjol_i? How could it be? Billy 
gay is a gopd friend of mine. He’ wouldn't try to
0 me up. . I I ' ‘ . 1
“He may be -"a good friend of yours, butviihe, .
better friendvof his boss,‘ and his,‘/T105558  
Bowditch, who was here wtih Mr. .Ni<:keliiia.ii A "
afternoon when you called before. There;.’is< I

 ‘thing suspicious about their actions.

. bit crooked." admitted Will.

be proved that a broker has
3 " he can be brought to book. The thing is to

, brick oﬂ’ on you,
17

      
   
 
 
 

TED, THE BROKER'S soN

Nickelman
was clearly disappointed when I walked into his
office with the $50,000 check. Why should he be?
He was acting as my broker, and as such should
not have shown a feeling of satisfaction when I
was on the edge of the soup tureen, especially
after I had deposited $190,000 margin in his
hands. - It looks to me as if he wanted to make
sure that I didn't have a chance to get my money
back. As for Bowditch—what interest could he
have in the matter, anyway? Yet my predica-
ment seemed to give him great satisfaction. Sup-
pose Bowditch learned through your friend Billy
that you and I are cliummy? Suppose he told
his messenger to hand you out that tip, ﬁguring
that you would pass it on to me? Your_ tip was
conﬁrmed by a telephone message to Nickelman
in Bowditch's voice, but sent to m oﬂice. I be-
gin to realize that that was a trio message put
through especially for my beneﬁt, and I was
chump enough to walk right into the trap. Those
two men were angling for my boodle, I'll bet a
hat. Well, they have missed their game by a
hair. Nickelman has $240,000 of my _good money
up on margin, and I’ve got another $00,000 chec

' to put up if necessary. The Nickelman-Bowditch
7 crowd will never be able to bear P. T. down low
¢enough to beat me now. The stock is bound to

recover in a day or two, and when it gets back to
its right level Nickelman will have to come up
with ngndeposit, or the- greater part of it, at
an ra .

‘According to your argument it does look it
“Some brokers are
up to that sort of thing whenever they et the
chance. Such men ought to be ruled of? t e Ex-
change, but there is no fear that they will be.”

“No. Everything goes in Wall Street, provid-
ed it is within legal bounds, but the legality is
often stretched to the crackin point. If it can

gone crooked work

prove it." _ _
“When I see Billy Dudley there’ll be somethm

doing, bet your life,” said Will in a determine

tone. 7
“Oh, he'll swear that he told on the truth.
How are you going to prove that e didn't?"

 , “That big slump in P. T. is enough to show he
,lied to me.

7
“It may satisfy tyoiti dl‘.l1at’:1e Palﬂéid 11} $01‘:
u i oesn prove e ac a

ll.
"1 The boys talked the matter over a while longer

‘  and ‘then they ‘went home. Ted said nothing to
, his father about the narrow squeak he had had

that day from seeing his ﬁnish. He was ashamed

 to let the old man know he had been such a fool
’ "(as to fall into the trap he more than suspected
 ' Nickelman and Bowditch were guilty of ringing
> in ‘on him. Another strong effort was made next
.. day to beat the price of P. T. down still lower
but the effort failed of accomplishing much. Ted

~ ' sent word to Nickelman that he was ready.~to put
5'up another $530,000 margin whenever it was nec-
' essary, and he added by way of a bluff that he
could cover any amountof needed marginnow.

Apparently this had the effect of calling off the
attack on ‘P. T. The Nickelman-Bowditch crowd
.saw- that they couldn't catch the young broker,
to they gave up the ﬁght and busied themselves
buying in the stock needed to cover the large

 

15

amount of short sales they had made the, previous
day. While they were doing this the bulls began
pushing P. T. up and Ted was soon out of all
danger. About  time Jack Hall came down
to the oﬂice.

“Now is your chance to make a little money,‘
Mr. Hall," said Ted. “P. T. is at 78 and ing
up. It is sure to go to 90, now that the s unip
is over, and in fact it ou ht to go to 95-—the ﬁg-
ure I paid for it. I am ooking for that in order
to get out with a comparatively whole skin.”

“Then buy 10,000 shares for me, and I'll lend
you the money to buy 10,000 also for yourself,”
said the Western mining man. . ‘

“I haven't used your last chec " replied Ted.

“Then I'll give you a check for $150,000 in ad-
dition. That will pay the margin on 20,000 shares,
half of which will be for yourself."

He made out the check and Ted hastened over
to his father's oﬂice.

“F"'ather," said Ted, “I've got an order for
you.

“An order, eh?" chuckled the old man.

“I want you ‘to buy for my account 20,000
shares of Pittsburg Terminal as near the market
as you can get it.’ 4

“Twenty thousand sharesl” ejaculated Morris
senior, evidently astonished.

“Exactly. On margin. Here are twochecks ‘

for $200,000."

Ted had had the checks certiﬁed on the way,
so his father had no doubt about them being as
good as _gold.

“Is this a customer you've caught?” asked the
old man, looking at the signature.

“Yes. He’s in third customer—a Western
mining man wort a couple ‘of million.”

“You're lucky." _ .

“That's right. You don't know how lucky I
was to make his acquaintance."

_l(3iroker Morris put the deal through, then he
sai :

“By the way, Miss Brown told me this morning
that you called me up on the ’phone yesterday.
What did you want?”

“I wanted to talkto you about something that .

was important at that t me, but amounts to noth-
ing now.’

‘Well, I'll go over to the Exchange and buy that
ﬁtofk for you,” said Mr. Morris, reaching for his

a .

There were many brokers on the ﬂoor of the
Exchange looking for P. T., and when Morris ap-
peared at the po e and began bidding for it the
price began to advance. He got 1,000 at 78;
3,000 at 79; and the balance at an average of 80.
His purchase of 20,000 shares greatly stimulated
the uying of other brokers, and in the rush
that succeeded him the price went to 86 inside of
half an hour. Ted and Jack Hall sat in the boy's
office, conversing and watching the ticker, while
Bessie, now the happiest little girl in the world,
clicked merrily awa at her typewriter, as tho 11
her living depende on the amount of work ‘ﬁe
could turn out. In the course of an hour Ted's
successor in his father's oﬁice appeared with a
note informing Ted that the 20,000 shares had
been purchased at the annexed prices.

“This will be a pool arrangement, Mr. Hall,"
said Ted, “as long as you insist that I am in it
with you. At the present quotations we are each

about $60,000 ahead. If itgoes to 90 we'll each

 

 16

be $100,000 ahead on the deal; but I'll be still
$50,000 behind on my former deal. I am in hopes
‘that the pi-1ce_may go to 93 at least, which was
the market price when I was such a chump as to
give 95 for it.”
' _ “I hope it will for your sake,” replied the.min-
mg man.

“If it
self.” ‘ . _

“For which I may thank you for suggesting
the deal.” -

“Don't talk about thanks, Mr. Hall. I am un-
der too great an obligation to you for- coming to
my rescue when I was on the brink of ruin.”

"It aﬂ’ords me great pleasure to know that I
was of service to you, Morris. Byt the way‘ I
see you haves certiﬁcate for 200 shares of (lo-
lumbian Extension framed on your wall. What
have‘ you got it there for?”

Ted explained how it had come into his pos-
session for the small sum of $4.

‘fl-Iave you noticed its price lately?”

“No. I haven't thought about it since I put

.it on the wall.”
“It's quoted at ten cents.”

does you'll make about $130,000 your-

“Then the certiﬁcate is worth $20,” laughed

Ted. -.

“It will be worth a good deal more than that

b and by. One of the companies I am connect-
,.ed with is negotiating for its purchase. We ex-
pect to prospect it much more thoroughly than
the present owner-shave been able to do. On ac-
count of its closenessto the Florence Southern,
which is taking out high-class are, we exipect to
do well with it. If I were you, Morris, ’d buy
up all the shares of it you can ﬁnd East. I had
some intention of doing that myself, but as I am
pretty well loaded up with other rich property
'11 let you avail yourself of the chance.” j

“Thank you ,Mr. Hall; I shall avail myself
of our tip as soon as I get out of my present
hob le in P. T.”

Pittsburg Terminal closed at 88 that day. Next
day the stock continued to interest the traders
and it was boosted to 91. Then it went to 9d
and dropped to 89.. Finall it Went to 94, and
Ted suggested that Mr. Hal let it go at that fig-
ure He told Ted to use his own judgment, and
Ted told his father to sell out in small lots so as
not to disturb the price. Mr. Morris did so, and
secured an average of 93 1-2. Ted and Mr.
Hall each cleared $130 000 above all expenses.
The boy still had his 10,000 margin deal with
Nickelman on his hands. The stock ﬁuctuated
for a week u and down and Ted ﬁnally decided
to close the eal out. He sentword to Nickel-
man~to sell him out.

The’ stock went at 93 3-8, and Ted lost about
$20,000, which he presumed went as proﬁt to
Nickelman in addition to his commissions of $2,-
500. As for Bowditch, he got left altogether if
he had calculated on getting a slice of the $190,-
000 deposit, which Nickelman of course had to
return with the added sum of $50,000, which Ted
had given him at the last moment to save himself
from being sold out. After deducting his $20,-
000 loss from his‘$130,000 profit on the ‘second
deal in P. T., Ted found himself $110,000 ahead
of the’ game that had been put u on him, as
he believed, and he had no cause or complaint.
He then handed Will his $10,000 back.

I ‘ “Put that backin bank and leave the market

TED, THE BROKER’lS SON

alone after this till the time comes when you can
get out for yourself and look after your own busi- *
ness,” said Ted to his chum. -

“You’re a brick, Ted, and I’ll follow your ad-
vice,” replied Will. “It seems hardl fair to , ~
take this money from you since I ost mino '
squarely enough; but since you say you can af-
ford it, and have made a haul after all in P. T.,
I’ll accept it with grateful thanks.”

The boys shook hands over it and were better,
friends than ever.

 

CHAPTER XI.-‘—-A Delmonico Party.

Ted had tried to 1; his mother and sister to
come down and pay im a visit at his oflice, but
though they had made an indeﬁnite promise to do
so some day, weeks had passed away since he’,
opened up for himself and they hadn't shown up.

The Saturday before Miss Burnett had ar-
ranged to give up her work altogether as ..a
pub ic stenographer was a dull one in Wall Street.
Ted had been at the Exchange, but there was‘
absolutely nothing of any importance doing on .
the floor. The brokers amused themselves, like " “
a lot of kids in their eﬂorts to pass away the
time. Traders who were not popular got pelted
with paper balls, and were hustled about from
pillar to post, and had a strenuous time‘ of i
generally. . ‘,

Ted dropped in to see ‘his father, but, as the}
old man was engaged with a caller he did 'no_t'
wait,‘-and returned to his own office. He was
standingby Bessie’s table talkin to her when
the door opened and in walked his mother and
sister. Ted rushed over to greet them. ' \

“Take this seat, mother,’ said Ted, pointing’
to the chair beside his desk. ‘ ,- » 

Then he brought up another for his sister,"who '
was tucked out in swell style. . "j ‘ '

“You’re as welcome as the ﬂowers in spring.,.”‘ ' ‘
said Ted gaily. “What do you think of my
office?” ‘ . 

“It’s a very. nice one,” replied his mother.’ “Is ~. 5'"
that your stenographer?” * 

“No, mother, I haven’t work enough to employ :
a stenographer. That is Miss Bessie Burnett, ‘pl
who is doing work for diﬁerent people in the . 
building. I want to introduce her to you.” ‘ »

“Now, Ted, ou musn’t do any such thing.
You ought to now that we cannotrecognize‘ ,
persons in her station. She is a very ni‘cé_ girl,
no doubt, and all that, but—-——-”'  ‘ « «

“Why, she belongs to as good a family as 
ours. If anything, they’re a good deal richer and ,, 
more tony. Her mother is a blood relation of
the Halls of Pittsburg.” ’,—,-; ,

“Indeedl” ejaculated Mrs. Morris incredulously.
“Then why is she a stenographer and working
for a living?” - ‘

“She quits next week.
worth about two million,
heiress.”.

 

 
 
  
  
 

One of her nncjég,
‘has made her his

 

daughter,'who looked on the workin ‘
socially beneath them. They were wi ling who
introduced to a young person who belonged to
an aristocratic family, and who in addition
heiress to $1,000,000. . ‘ ’ _ >1.‘-‘ M

50 Ted brought Bessie over and introduce'd’hJg

\  .,

  

  

7,‘ ' ‘seems
g .en_n

 

  

TED,‘ THE BROKER’S SON

to his mother and sister, and they received her

uite graciously, -particularly as they observed .

ghe‘ had ladylike manners and was very pretty.
In fact, they took quite a fancy to“ her, much to
Ted's satisfaction. .

‘..‘Been over to father’s oﬁce?" asked the boy.

“No. We were thinkin of going over in a
few minutes,” said his mo er.

“What’s the use? It's half-past twelve now.
I want you all to lunch with me. We'll go down
to Delmonico's.” .

Mrs. Morris objected, but as her daughter was
rather in favor of the arrangement, Teds invita-
tion carried -the day. Half an_ hour later the boy
broker escorted the three ladies into the restau-
nnt, Quite a number of brokers were lunchmg
there, and more than half of them  Ted

rsonally or by sight. All wondered who the

y’s guests were. Both of the young ladies
were more than ordinarily pretty, and Edith
Morris put on a whole lot of style, while her
mother surrounded herself with that air of ex-
clusiveness that one notices in the upper ten.

'* Severalof the traders bowed to Ted, and he
returned their salutes. The young broker or-
dered a swell lunch for his party, and while
'waitin to be served, they passed the time in
talk. uddenly Edith uttered an exclamation.

“The:-e’s father,” she said, looking in the direc-
tion of the door.‘ _ _

Ted glanced over and saw his father entering
with another broker.

"I'll bet he’ll be surprised when he sees you
here, mother,” he chuckled. _

As Mr. Morris was coming down one of the
aisles a broker stopped him and nodded in _the
direction of Ted and h1s_party at the saymeptime
saying something to him. The trader looked
over and saw his wife and daughter‘ with his son
and a young lagdy who was a stranger to him.
He was undoubt ly taken by surprise. _However,

he walked over to the table.

"This is something decidedly out of the usual,”
he remarked with a laugh, looking at his wife.

“Yes. Edith and I came down to visit Ted at
his office, and he has done us the honor of invit-
ing us out to lunch,” replied Mrs. ‘Morris. -

“Father, this is Miss Burnett,” said Ted, seiz-
ing the opportunity to introduce his lady-love. to
the old man. — _

Mr. Morris bowed and expressed his pleasure
at meeting her. The broker called up.his friend
and introduced" him to his wife and daughter as

' well as to Ted and Bessie.

“I hope you’ll accept my invitation to lunch
‘with us,'” said Ted to his fatherand the other
broker. “We can make room for you at this

, table.”

’ - George Morris laughed and accepted the invi-
tation for himself and friend, and they took their
places at the table. *

The two young ladies attracted a great deal of
attention, and some brokers coming in who knew
Mrs. Morris and her daughter, the news soon
went around the room.

 “This son of yours, my dear, is getting to be '
' ~ g ersonage of some importance in Wall t

reet ”
is d Morris senior to his wife. “It’s a pretty big
[jump from a messenger boy to a broker, but he
to have made it with some credit to him-

17

Mrs. Morris smiled and looked pleased.

“You mustn’t mind. mother, what father says
about me,” laughed Ted. “He’s getting jealoug
over my success. He’s disappointed because
haven’t seen my ﬁnish as he prophesied I would
in a short time. I started out with a small sum

of money, father knows how much, and now I a

have at least ﬁfteen times as much. I guess Pve
done pretty well for a boy with my few years’
experience in the distri ”

. “Don’t be so cock-sure that you won’t see your
ﬁnish yet, young man,” said Mr. Morris dryly.
“It's when you aren't looking for it that some-
thing may happen that’ll make your head swini.”

“I won’t deny that, father. A man can local
his money quicker in Wall Street than anywliezoj?
else that I know of. I’ve known of brokers to,
lose a million in ten minutes, and a million is ~
gooddeal more than I own yet, though I e ’
to get there in time.” ,

Mr. Morris’ eyes twinkled.

“When I was a messenger boy I thought 3
million a mighty big sum of money, and the re-
ward of a lifetime ‘of eﬂort. Nowadays the rising
generation seems to regard a million as a more

agatelle, and its asquisition merely an incident.”

‘When you were a boy, father, millionaires
were not so numerous -as they are now. Now
they’re so common that unless you make 9. mil-
lion you_’re hardly in the swim. Some of our
money kings make a score of millions‘ in an hour
through some ﬁnancial juggle. Look at the mil-
lions controlled by the men behind the steel trust,
or the oil monopoly, or the meat-—”

The appearance of the waiter with the dishes,

‘interrupted Ted’s oratorical effort and the con-

versation took a' more interesting turn after that.
The party s ent more than an hour at the table,
and then rs. and Miss Morris took a cab up-
town, while Ted and Bessie were content to.
patronize the elevated railway. -

Ted accompanied the girl to her home, which
she and her mother expected to soon vacate for
the new home purchased for Mrs. Burnett by
her wealthy brother Jack. The young broker re-
ceived a warm welcome from Bessie’s mother, for
he was looked upon as a prospective member of
the family. Both Mrs. Burnett and her brother
regarded Ted with great favor because he be-
longed‘ to a high connected family, and because
h1S future.looked very promising. He was bound
to succeed to his father’s business some day, as
well as a part of the old man’s wealth, therefore
he would make a most desirable son-in-law.

Ted was invited to remain to tea, and did so,‘
and afterward he and Bessie had the little sit-
ting-room all to themselves. What they said to
each other as they sat close together» on the sofa
would not interest‘ the reader, so we shall not
undertake to repeat it. It is enough to say that
they enjoyed their companionship as much as two

turtledoves are supposed to do, and at ten o'clock ‘

the youn broker took his departure for his home,
‘l'1lS_ min full of happy visions of the future in
which Bessie was_the most important ﬁgure.

CHAPTER XII.—Ted Gets Hold ofxa Fine'Tip._ . A
Acting on Mr. Hall's advice Ted hunted around ’

for Columbia Extension minin shares, which had
a quoted value often cents. '5

odpickodn;p5,000_

 

  

123

shares on the Curb, and he found 5,000 more
over —-among the Jersey City brokers. The 10,000
shares cost him $1,000, and he put them away in

* his safe. He occasionally met Broker Nickelman

in the corridor, or in the elevator, and exchanged
bows with him; and he sometimes saw Bowditch
on the street, but neither of them had_ called
upon him since the P. T. matter. In his own
mind. Ted "was satisﬁed that the two men had tried
to ruin him through P. T., and he hoped that
some day he might be in a position to get back
at them.

Ted had no wash-basin in his office, and when
he wanted to wash his hands he had to go to
the public wash-room on‘ that ﬂoor. One day
when he started to open the door of this room
on his way out he saw Nickelman, Bowditch
and another broker standin by in earnest con-‘
versation. Rather than lit his hat to either
Nickelman or Bowditch he drew back to wait un-

til the walked away. He held the door about
an inc ajar so as to know when they made a
move. While in this position the voices of

the three men easily reached his ear. He didn’t
intend to listen to their conversation, for he was
not at all interested in their movements, but he
couldn’t help hearing what they, said. What‘ he
inadvertently heard soon attracted his attention,
and he found himself listening in spite of himself.

‘_‘You are sure that the consolidation of the
two roads is an accomplished fact, Elkins?” said
Nickelman with some eagerness.

“Positive. I got the tip direct from my broth-
er-in-law, who is secretary "of the P. & H._He
told me that the news would be public property
in a. week, and that I had no time to lose in get-
tin hold of every share of the N. & O. I could
pic up at the present low ﬁgures, which are
around 42, for those on the inside were looking
for it everywhere, and even with my advance in-
formation I might have great trouble in finding
much of it. Well, I’ve been looking for the
stock on the quiet and occasionally bidding for
it on thevE:<change, but all I've been able to se-
cure are 3,000 shares. However, that is some-
thing, anyway."

.“What’s the use of telling us about this matter
if we can't ‘make anything out of it?" asked
Nickelman impatiently.

.“I’m coming to that now,” said Elkins. “I’ve
found out that a man named Pratt, who lives in
Yonkers, has 15,000 shares of N. & 0 The pres-

.ent market value of the block is $630,000. Now,

I can’t raise more than $200,000, so I thought if

’ you two went in with me to the extent of $210,-

000 each, we could buy these shares and make a
good thing out of them.”

“How much do you think we could make?"
asked Bowditch. V

“Well, as soon as the consolidation is oﬂicially
announced there will be‘ a rush to buy N. & 0.
By that time there won’t be a share on the open
market. The brokers in the interests of the
clique who have been buying up the stock will
then boom the price up 20
which they'll proceed to unload on the public at
the fancy ﬁgure. On those 15,000 shares we

'ought» to clear not less than $100,000 each. I

Iall that somethingworth while.” .r
“Who is this man Pratt who has-those shares?”

' TED, THE’ BROKER'S soiv

or 30 points, after"

. that the consolidationpof the two roads  .

asked Nickelinan. “How do you know that he'll 
sell his holdings in N. &. 0.?’ ‘ — ‘

“He's a. retired capitalist, and lives on Union.
Avenue. I know he’s been wanting to dispose. I '
of the stock. but he always wants a point or two
above the ma_.rket,_ rate, and nobody seems will-
ing to pay him his price, as the road has been
under a cloud for some years. This consolidation.
will rescue the road from-its difficulties and put
it on its feet." '

_ ‘_‘We1l,_Bowditch and I will consider your propo-
sition and let you know inside of an hour. On
the whole, I think it looks like a. .prett good ,
thing, and -the chances are we'll go in wit you,”.
said Nickelman. » _

“You'll never run across a better one if you
live to be a hundred," replied Elkins. “It’s a
regular A No. 1 copper-fastened cinch-a sure]
winner." .

A few moments later Elkins started for the
elevator, while Nickelman and Bowditch walked,
over to the former’s office. 0

As soon as the corridor,-was clear Ted came
out of the wash-room and returned to his oﬁice. .

He was not a little excited over what he 
heard. Te_d made it his business to keep track
of everything that was going on in ‘the financial ‘ .
world, and as he had plenty of time to do so .
there was little that escaped his attention. -. .

For ma_n weeks back he had seen rumors in »
the _ﬁnancia pa§ers about a contemplated consoli-, .
dation of the . 8: 0. with the P. & H. If ‘the
consolidation was really an accomplished fact,
as this man Elkins asserted, there wasn’t any -
doubt that N. & 0. shares woulld be in great
demand, and that in consequence the price was
bound to’ go up. If the stock had all been bought
up by those wise to the state of aﬂ’airs its scarce- .
ness would send its value booming. Ted ﬁgured V I
that the best thing for him to do was to make H
inquiries about for N. & 0. shares. If he found . - ’
ithard to get any then he would have retty. ; ' ’
good evidence that the statementimade by Elkins .
was founded on fact. I

So he put on his hat and made a» tour of ‘the? 
most hkelyyoﬂices at which he expected to.» find‘
some of the stock if it hadnot been bought up. I *
He didn’t ﬁnd a share. Several brokers told [ 
him they had had the stock up to a short time 
previous, but had sold it to Broker Janes, to 7
whom they referred Ted. ' * .’

The further the boy extended his inquiries the‘ . ~
more certain it appeared to him that Broker" '
Janes had been buying 1: all the N. & 0. he‘ 
could ﬁnd. ‘Ted then cal ed on his father and‘. 
told him he wanted to, get any part of 5,000
shares of N. & O. " — '

“I’ve_ been around to a score of oﬂlces," the
boy said, “but I couldn't ﬁnd a share. I wishf 
you’d go to the Exchange and see if you can get,
any. You can bid a point and a half above the
market if necessary.” I _ ‘ ' if

Mr. Morris went over to the Exchangeand
tried to get the stock, but nobody seemed to have
any, and he sent Ted word that he had not been
able to get it, but would try again later on. ' ’

He tried again, but up to the cose of the market’
he failed to secure any. Tedywas now satisﬁed

 

   
  
   

a fact. . 
“The insiders have evidently bought up} 

p I

    
   

  TIIE VBROKEIPPS SON

.s;he.;hars:.;=: s 2: .Th°se..:5a°:.:'..a:r°:.
y r. 0 on ers y .
market, though that  Elldns is hot after
‘them. The moment he raises the rice he'll snap
themu . Now I wonder if 1 con dn’t ‘get ahead
of him ‘It would be a whole lot of satisfaction
to ‘me to do Nickelman and Bowditgh cutter; a
,l'a1-ge, anticipated roﬁt. I_ think _I 1 sta_ ‘or
 . Yonkfra at oncéejm r.§ratt is a tcaixgltalléiig
. d ives on on venue. .
'l8i€tle trouble in ﬁnding, his home, for he 15 prob-
ably well known to the other resident of the
 'avenue.”. .
’ ' , Ted got $100 000 in large bills out of his safe
" deposit box an started for the city of Yonkers
'via the Ninth Avenue elevated railway to 155th
Street and thence b the Putnam Division of
the N: Y. C. R. R. lie got out of the train at
"the Getty Square terminus in Yonkers, and then
the first thing he did was to look up Mr. "Pratt in
f 0 the city directory. He .~i!o.und his address on
‘ ‘ Union Avenue, and started for it without delay.
On arriving at the Pratt residence Ted asked
for that gentleman and was invited into‘ the par-
)0]-' In ‘a few minutes a little white-haired
‘ . ~ gentleman appeared. Ted introduced himself and
‘the object that brought him to Yonkers. Mr.
1 i Pratt stated that he had the il5,o1oo s;1are4s4 of
 ,_i&0. dwaswillin tose it em.or. ..
~ N(¢%h'at7sf gnpoint and aghalf above the closing
price tgdayé” s2(a.ii&ie('!Ted. V ._ c
o . .
;%:r'ou;ht to get 45 for the stoc " he said;
‘ “but I'll let it ‘go for what I said. '1‘ t is posi-
. t“l?I1yp;2¥u11y(gV?ou info: keep the stockin Your
7 I T’ ' T d. ~ ‘
  hoglifozr s'I‘ah(¢1e cgrtiﬁcates are in my safe deposit
 boxin the Yonkers National Bank Building.”
    “W: 1;“ mi: *t.:‘°.::.*.i:.:*.“; 1“: 31.2“ .*.i:‘?.°.;‘;22
 down as ep0S1'. L
 wp,-ice I'll fetch up tomorrow when I call for the
V‘ g V certiﬁcates. W111 that be satisfactory?
. e . «Quite 50, young man. Whom do you repre-
-'m r ‘ , ,
y.9fH.l1ﬁy:§11:. I am. 8. Wall Street broker. There is
— ymy’.ca I.’ , ~ ~
uyoulyare 9, fy¢2}m1g—1gol\;a1i1§ri;n%r1 for a broker.
- . . em,
-’Ar‘1‘:§(§: Bﬁilzcin ‘1)3Ie is trig father." . .
. ‘?*Ah,’indeed!” said 1'. Pratt with some inter-
_, ~1.1;now your father in a_ business way, hav-
ing had some dealings with him. Well, I’ll write
» you a receipt for the deposit, and th_at_Wi_11 SW9
J ou a claim on the stock at 44, eYeI1 If it Jllmlied
;m,valueibetween this and the time you call to
 1 -’ '1) u ' V 
’ c1a‘I1‘rend'1l;iaFI?dr£1é?lr1l?i‘i"h the money, which Mr. Pratt
counted and found correct. The boy’ broker then
i put the receipt in his pocket and took his leave.
Y ‘«.“I’ve blocked Nickelman, Bowditch and Elkins,
.at any rate,” heesaid to himself yvlth a feeling
jof satisfaction. “‘If the boom sets lI1,I’ll makezall
‘the proﬁt and the three‘ gentlemen I’Ve got ahead
so will géc left. We the early bird thatgets the
3;wormia:_ V " . '

 

 
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
 

 

,0 ‘ "R X1II.—N'ck 1 an Lays Another Trap
 ,4 " lFof I'l‘1ed ,
N'ickelman~ and Bowditch agreed to go- into the

r was its only occupant.

ol arrangement with  to purchase therppfrhis ,he_. did  soon asjhe ‘_gpt,’t'b8§:l£;,

19

15,000 shares of N. 4!; 0. from Mr. Pratt. of
Yonkers. They raised the_necessery amount of
money and gave it to Elkms, who then started
for Yonkers to get the stock. When he called‘
on the retired contractor, Elkins was paralyzed
on learning that he had sold his stock the after-
noon before to a young broker named Morris.
Elkins, much chagrined, secured Ted’s address
from Mr. Pratt and hastened to report the" un-
proﬁtable result of his mission to Nickelman. .
«“You say he sold the stock yesterday after-
noon?” said Nickelman, not at all pleased to
learn that fact, when Elkins announced that their

‘proﬁtable project was blocked. .

“Yes, to a young‘ broker named Ted Morris, in’
this building.”

- “Who?” roared Nickelman, staring at Elkins.

“To a broker named_Morris, who has an
in this building,” repeated Elkins. .
Nickelman uttered an imprecation. ‘
“Are you sure of that?” he asked with a vicious
snap of his jaws. - ‘ .
“Well. that is what Mr. Pratt told me.” ‘
“Why should that kid buy that stock just when
we wanted it?" , P ~
“How should I know? What do you mean by
calling him aykid?” ~ . T _
glecause that’s what he is. He isn’t ‘nineteen.

office

“And he's a broker?” gasped Elkins.’ . .

“He calls himself one,,but thats about all it
amounts to. His oﬂice is on this floor, a. few;
steps aWay.’f 0

“Well, he’s corraled thatstock, probably for
one of the insiders, and we’re left out in the cold,”
said Elkins. “It’s hard luck. We’re out a cool
hundred thousand apiece. It makes me mad to
think about it. Tips such as I got on this con-
solidation aren’t often picked up. However, I
ought to make $50,000 on my 3,000 shares. That’s
better than nothing.” » .

“How 'in thunder did that boy ﬁnd out that 

Pratt, of Yonkers, had the stock?” , .

“Oh, some broker who has had dealings with-—
Pratt must have told him.” i -

“I’d rather anybody else had done us up than
that boy. I hate him.” 0-

“What did he do to you that you're sorelon’
hizntp: ,

“lid rather not speak about it,” replied Nickel- V 1

man, with a frown. “If I were you, Elkins,‘ I’d
call on him and try and find out for whom he

bought that stock. Maybe you could get hold .

of it at an advance of two or three points. Part

of aloaf would be better than no bread.” T

’ “All right. I’ll do so.”

Elkins got up and started on his mission.’ 1 V

When he walked nito Ted's oﬂice Miss Burnett

“Is Mr. Morris around?” he inquired. _
, ’ “No, slr. He won't be back ,for an hour ortwo.
Willyou /leave your name?” ’ ' r
ltlkms did so and took his leave rather disap-
pointed. The reason why Ted wasn’tin}was be-

cause he had gone to Yonkers with the money to , — 

ay‘ for',. the N. & O. shares. His father-_ had

oaned him.$400,000 to help him carry the deal», 
. through, and Ted had promised to turn overjthe  
certxﬁcateslto him as. security. for the monggp J

   

 

 i said Elkins.

nlzant of the consolidation had

.ing

scarceness of N. & 0., and the efforts 0

— sell 5,000 shares at that price.

.mil,ion out of the. deal,
V. capital to $550,000.

0 '- tions. when he was out.
 Wall Street before and hardly re

 

20'

satisfaction he fond that the price of N. _& 0.
had advanced to 44 5-8. _
when she‘ got back to his oiiice Bessie told him
that a gentleman named Elkins had called to see
him while he was away. Ted chuckled, for he
knew who Elkins was, and judged the object of
his visit. . _ » ”
"He said he would call again this afternoon.
said the girl. . N
“All right. He will robably see me,_ then.
Elkins called at he -past three and introduced

himself.

“I heard that you bought 15,000 shares of N.
£2 0. stock from Mr. Pratt, of Yonkers,” said
the visitor._

“I did.”

“I suppose you bought it for a customer?"

“I’d rather not say ‘for whom I bought it,”

_ replied Ted plolitely.

ink the person for whom you bought

“Do ou t
l, of two or

it won d sell it at an advance, say,
three points_?’’

“I hardly think he would.”

“You could ﬁnd out for me couldn't you?”

“I can answeryou now——he bought it to hold
in expectation of a rise.”

That reply satisﬁed Elkins that somebody cog-
urchased the
stock, and that there was very 1i tle chance of

V him being able to buy it now at any price he

and his two business acquaintances would be will-
to pay. ,
“I take it then that he wouldn’t sell for any
price under 50?" he said.
“He would not,” replied Ted.
“Then there is no use of my saying anything
more onsthe subject.”
With those words Elkins bade the boy broker
good-afternoon and left.
Next day the brokers were wondering at the
several
of them to capture some of the stock sent the
price to 50. The traders recalled the rumors

' about the consolidation with the P. & I-I. road

that had been printed off and on for the ast
three or four months, and they began to consider
whether the consolidation had been accomplished
on the quiet, and the stock of the lesser road,
which would be so much benefited by such a deal,
bought up b the insiders. At any rate they
looked eagery around for N. & 0. stock, but
couldn't ﬁnd any. N

Two days later the oﬂicial announcement of
the consolidationwas made in the ﬁnancial Jour-
nals and the daily press, and N. & 0. guinped
quickly to 60. Ted sent word to his fa her to
The stock was
snappedpvu as fast as offered in 500 and 1,000
lots, and ed made a proiit of $16 a share, or
$80,000. The price advancing to 62, Ted let out
another 5,000 and made $90,000 more. ‘He got
83 for his last 5,000 shares, representing a proﬁt
of 96,000. Altogether he cleared a arter ofza
raising his working

Miss Bessie Burnett having quitted‘ the omen
for good, Ted hired an oﬂice boy to answer ques-
r

He had never wo 

 he: had at Ted‘s .oilice.f ; pﬂoj 

TED, THE Bl{OKER'S sort I

more than two or three errands a day to execute, *
the rest of his time being employed in holding
down his chair nearthe door and reading his
favorite brand of literature. .

George Morris knew that Ted had made half
a million dollars in fortunate speculations since
he started out for himself, and he was mighty
proud now of his son and heir. He was so do-. ._
ighted, in fact, that he incautiously let out"the_  ~
fact of Ted having made a big wad of money
in his own business. The brokers he told about"
the matter-‘congratulated him on havin such a_
smart son, and then went away and Eegan to
figure how they could get at the young man s pile.
I there was one trader in thesstreet there were
a score enga ed in devising some little schem
for lssening t e size of Ted’s capital. - , .;

The boy himself was blissfully unconscious thta . V ,
he was the focus of so many people’s thoughts,_1 
but he was none the less on his guard a ainst
the tra s and schemes of Wall Street. The mix‘-
burgh erininal deal had taught him a useful _-
lesson and he didn’t propose to get caught in

‘ another hole like that if he- could help himself.

Nickelman and Bowditch were dead sore on
him, as a matter of course. The loss of that ’
$100,000,proﬁt both might have made but that?» 1"
he bought those 15,000 shares from Mr.‘ Pratt, Q 
of Yonkers, right under their nose, did not tendr.;f~
to make them feel any friendlier‘ toward him . Q
though they did not suspect th_at'he had beneﬁted 
beyond the commission they ﬁgured was involved “: ~ .~,
in the deal. When they learned from othe,r‘~~'
brokers that Ted was .now supposed to be worth , s
a halfainillion they became eager to put up 811.7’  
other job on him. They took their own particular
crowd into their conﬁdence on the subject, and r ,.
pipes were at once «laid to catch the boy broker.- 
%agping. One afternoon Nickelirian called. on

e . . .
“Are you doing anything in the option busi- , 
ness, Morris?" he inquired. ‘ ‘ 0 I

“I haven't done anything in that lineXye1;,".;
re lied Ted. ' ._

‘I want to get 20,000 shares of D. & P., but ’ 
I haven’t the cash to ay for it on immediate L ’
delivery. I understand) you have considerable . '
capital lying around loose. Perhaps ’you’ll sell.
me a ten-day option at a small advance on the"
market price.‘ By that time I'll be in a position ‘
to take up the stock.” 0 ’ -

“That's a pretty bi deal, Mr. Nickelma-n,’»'
said Ted, wondering w at g-amethe trader 
up to, for he had no conﬁdence-in the man. , ' "

“Yes, it’s a good—sized deal, but I guessyou-—
can handle it as well as any broker.”_ _ 

Nickelman thought the com liment might have I
its effect on the boy. It didnt however. , 1 "

Ted, however, decided to sell Nickelman the
option if he really wanted it, because he liap‘-3 J
period to know that his father held -control 2-of '
that amount of D. & P. shares, and consequently
he couldn’t be caught in a trap. ‘ I , V I .

After pretendin to consider the matter he told’
Nickelman be con d have the option for 65,» the
current value of the shares being then 62., :  "

Ted intendeclto 0 over "to his fatherbiomch
‘and secure the stoc at 62 right away and ' ‘

niself a proﬁt of $6 .000, no matte’ri,,
did .
O

 

 
   
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 

insure hi _
 so u , as he had-an  would,
V  you dn_:t',«’purchase such an ogti ‘

  

 

   

7:0 7 ' securing what hehad come to get.
. ' deposit do you want?” . _ .
V ‘ ‘Five per cent on the current yalue,}" replled

’ held

' knowledge of those 20,0000 shares, an

; j‘‘There’s some

' 3

.._tion' up

..ceeded “in getting were 3,000 shares. .
Walked into the ‘thirteenth oiﬁce he met Nickelinan

    

- i at three—point advance on the market 11111838

he had", good reason for believing that‘. it would

“ 0 y , jump in value before the end of the ten days.

“I’ll take you,” said Nickelman, oylelrjoyed at;
ow muc

Ted.
“All right,” said Nickelman, who immediately

‘drew his check for $62,000.

«The broker took the option and hurried away,

they did not see how the boy could secure the
20,000 involved in the option. They, were igno-
rant of the fact that George Morris held those
20,000 shares that Ted was counting on to make
the 0 tion good. They believed that block was
y a big trust company as an investment.
“Soit had been until that morning, when it was

sent to Morris tobe disposed of, and Ted knew
‘that the stock had not yet been offered for sale.

As soon as Nickelman left the oﬂice 'I‘ed'tele-

phoned his father about the option deal’ he had’

“made with Nickelman on the stren th of his
asked hls
father to hold them for him on the usual margin,
and that he would be over shortly with the money.

“M,o,rris senior replied “All right,” and ﬁfteen

minutes later Ted fetched him $200,000 to cover
the margin.

option, Ted,” said his father; “but now that you
havethe stock ready to deliveron Nickelman’s

~ call they ;can’t do you up. On the contrary, you’re_

bound to make a profit.” _ .
_’l—‘ed grinned, took up his memorandum and re-

turned to his own oﬂice, wondering what kind_'of
[trap the Nickelman bunch’ expectedstol spring

on him.

 

‘charms XIV.-_—Ted. Finds Himself Worth a

Million.

7Ted felt satisﬁed that there was going to hes,
"ri‘se.in D. as P. . 1 " i
-' “Nickelman wouldn't have struck me forwthat
option unless he. felt pretty sure of his ground.
1'11 bet» he’s got a tip that some syndicate

in}: to corner the shares and boom the price.

'-Maybe the stock is pretty. well cornered by this
:time; If it is, Nickelman inay.

I would find it a hardjob to uy in those 20,000

«shares tocover theoption, in whichcase he would
[have me in a tight box. By George!
gaztrap about the deal .that’s it, I’ll,bet a dollar to

If there’s
5 doughnut,” thought Ted‘ as he ﬁg'ured.the situa-

‘He decided to go around amon the oﬂices and
«so how much D. & P. he coul
arket. After visiting a. dozen oﬂices all he snif-

s e

 ,’ I r I . V v .. 9!}
_ coking for D,» & P. to cover your .0pt10Il. .
~'nned the broker. 0 ' ‘

' llfadmit Pm huntingfor the stock’. , 'Kn.ow18.ny—_
‘ y hajsVany‘?”, 0 ‘
' 0h,'yes, . kno _ _ ‘ ”
'eyLars'inot’sell1ngj.it Just. now. It 

is go-*

have ﬁgured that

,w several “persons wholhaye 

.0 TED, THE . BiioKEn'si.so1§I

 satisfied that he had Ted in a hole at last, for '
. he and his associates had bought up most of the
,‘ shares on the -market that they could ﬁnd, and

kind of a trap behind that"

buy inat the _

    

0 :l11lv.=.,‘£)rice beyond. par.

.y.P:-closed that day at .77;

“Holding it for a-rise?”~
“I guess they are.” ’ ’ . ’ - ,
‘‘You expect to see it go up since you paid me '

three points above the market for

those 20,000
shares ?"’ ‘

“You don’t suppose I bought them for fun,Vdo 0‘

you?”

“N o, I don’t believe you’re built that way.”

“I should say not. Well, ta-tal I ho you'll
be able to get those shares, for I shall 1 on you
for them some day within the time limit."

With a chuckle Nickelman walked off, satisﬁed

that-Ted was in the soup. After spending the '

whole morning hunting for D. & P., the net result
was 6,000 shares, and they cost the boy an aver-
age of 63. He went around all the afternoon on
the s.ame“hunt and got 4,000 more, but that was

the limit, and he paid an average of 84 for them. ~

Next morining D. S: P. jumped to 63 on the Ex-
change. Later on it went to 75. As’ Ted was re-

turning to his office from lunch he ran against 0

Bowditch. . '
“Hello, Morris! I hear you're looldngfor D.

.& P.,” he said with a complacent look of mingled .

triumph and satisfaction.

“Got any you want to sell?” asked Ted in at

cheerful tone.

Bowditch was surprised “at his unconcerned .

manner. , . r
- “I’ve got a thousand I can sell you at 90,"’ha
answere . r . c 0

“You don’t want much for them,” said Ted.
“D. & P. is going at 75 now, I believe." i

 can"ty<;u_ gist any at 75?” -l

i aven rie ." a

“How about those 20,000 you sold _Nickelman
on a ten-day call?” ‘ ,

“Did he tell you about that deal?” V

“Oh, yes; he’s got an idea that, owing to the
scarceness of the stock in the
be ableto get the shares.”

“That needn’tiworry him any.”

“It isn’t worrying him any. I thought it might "

be worryin you.” ‘ .
"I don’- llet little things, like that worry inc.” -
Bowditch looked still more surprised.

i “You talk as if you had the stock in your safe’ 
, ready to deliver,” he said, looking curiously at the

bo}:1"la):rol1<Jer.I h d Yb . , . ,
ay e ave, an ma e I haven’t ” replied
Ted. “If I haven’t I guess I’ve_ at cash enough,

to pay the difference betweeniw at I agreed to 

deliver-'the"stock for and the market price.”

, “That might be a quarter of a million.”
“I've got to" make good, no matter what

amounts to.” '

l“0ne would almost takefyou for a. multi-m‘il— 1 _
you pretend to look: ’

lionaire from the light way
upon a quarter of a million."

Ted chuckled and walked away, l.eaving,Bow-,0 T.

ditchhgaczing after him
‘ a

“He couldn’t have got that stock to save his life,
for we have the bulk ofiit in our hanls. In fact,

in some wonder. .

we-_hav“e'the situation so well in hand that we; 
_ in forcing ‘
fancy it wi 1 takelabouji‘ if

should experience no reat difficult
V he ‘money that ,young’fellow’has*to settle’
with Nickelman, so*we’ll get our revengeiipoa
‘him, at last.” i , e   i . , ~  
. Bowditch; then went into,.thejExch'a»nge.c DZ; '
.§,Soon_.iafteriytli E

 

V2119

market, you won't '

‘its

3' is a mystery to me," he .mu~ttered, 5 f

    
 

 ‘ of George Morris.

‘ also made $60,000 out of his option deal.

V within the year.

»_ather plan of

22

change opened next morning the price was run
up to 85. At noon it was quoted at 90. By this
time the attention of all thebrokers had been at-
tracted to it, and the usual scenes attending a
boom were re-enacted. Ted stood up in the gal-
lery and watched the excitln scene below with
much interest. He wondered ow high the price
would go before the syndicate began to unload.
He judged that Nickelman would call upon him
for the stock as soon as high-water mark had
been reached. He intended to dump his own 10,-
000 shares on the syndicate about the time they
started in to liquidate, and he knew it would be
a shock to them to have to take in so many shares
at top-notch ﬁgures. For the next two days there
were bona fide sales in D. & P. The syndicate
had to resort to wash sales in order to establish
a quotation. Finally they got the price up to
105. That was on the ninth day of the option,
and then Nickelman called on Ted for the 20,000
shares.

“Got a certiﬁed check for the amount you owe
me?” asked the boy. « . _

“Here it is,” said the broker, showing it.

Ted took it and endorsed it “Pay to the order
Ted Morris."
Then he wrote an order on his father for the

1 20.000 shares.

“Hand that check and that order to my father
%t this ofﬁce and he will give you the shares,” said

e .

“Do you mean to say that you can deliver that
stock?” gasped Nickelmamin astonishment. '_

“I can, and 10,000 more if you want to buy
them at the market,” replied the boy coolly.

Nickelman was sta gered. Still he would re-
ceive 20,000 shares at 5 whose market value was
now 105. That representeda proﬁt of $800,000
if the syndicate could hold the price while unload-
inﬁ. , When Nickelman went awa to deliver Ted’s
or er at his father's oﬂice, the y wrote an or-
der to his father as follows: -

“Father: Go on the floor and dump my hold-
ings in D. & P. on the syndicate in two lots and
in _quick. succession. They'll have to take it in,
but it will make a large hole in their proﬁts.

1 mred_n

He put it into an envelope, addressed. it to his
father and sent it by his oﬁice boy. As soon as
Mr. Morris handed the 20,000 shares of D. & P.
to Nickelman he started for the Exchange and
executed his son’s directions. T

. The syndicate was staggered by the two lots of ‘

5,000 shares which they were obliged to take in at
105 to sustain the price, and so Ted made a proﬁt
of $416,000 out of the members of the poolwhﬂe

en
all settlements had been made he found himself
worth something more than a millon-all made

 

CHAPTER X"V.-—Conclusion.

9 V I
Soon after Bessie -Burnett and her mother took

— . possession of their new home—-a handsome pri-

vate house, in Harlem—-Jack Hall returned to

H  Goldﬁeld where his busintss interests lay. _Ted’
visited Bessie. two, and often three, times in a

week, frequently taking’ her to the theatre or some
amusement. One day a, young

TED. THE lBR’(A)KER’S SON ‘

above the market. Ted. however, retuaed“to

 

trader to whom he had been introduced a short’ *
time previously called at his oﬂice. " - , -.
“I’ve got a tip on a certain stock that is being? .
cornered by a combination of big brokers, but ' “ ‘ '
haven't enough money to make much of a la _ on
it. Will you go in with me if I tell you 9.1 a out

it and ive me a share of our winnin s‘I"i

“Wel , I don't know. ou must t 1 me all.
about the thing first and then after I have'made/
an investigation I'll give you my answer,” re— 0
turned Ted.

“I s’pose that's ‘fair enoug ," replied the youn
trader, after a moment's thought. “The name 0 ,
the stock is D. & H.," and he went into the de- 3 /
tails of how he had got hold of his pointer.

“Well, drop» in tomorrow afternoon,” said Ted, ~
“and I may be able to let you know what I'll do =
about the matter.” . .-

A short time afterward Ted went out to make N
some inquiries about D. & H.‘ He called on his
father, but the old man was out somewhere, and _
so Ted went to call on a broker named Eldridge, '
in the Pluto Building on Broad Street. This was
the building where Bowditch had his oﬂice. It‘ I
was on the same ﬂoor with Eldridge’s office. As“
Ted was passing down the corridor the door of .
Bowditch’s place of business opened and Bow-, ,
ditch came out in compan with the young trader,‘ _
who had just called on ed. __

“Well, you get him into the deal and-I promise  '“
you it will be.a wad of money in our ocket,” ‘
said Bowditch as they passed towar the e evator. ’ ’
“We’ve been trying‘ for six months to catch him,
but-—-—" . V ~ ,

That is all Ted heard, but it was enough to put 9
him on his guard. He was satisﬁed that Bowditch ' 4
had referred to him, and he was also sure that,
the tip the younﬁ trader had 'ven him was some- I ..
thin in the fa e line inten ed as a trap. ~ Ho 
didn 1; go to see Eldridge, but returned to his own"  f
office and began to think how he could turn the" ‘
tables on Bowditch. . ,, 

That evening Ted had a lon talk with hill
father about D. 5: H. and the §3owditch crowd.

“I'd give a whole lot to catch them at their own
game and catch-them had,” said the boy, broker.
“The question is how to do it?" .  e

“Let Bowditch think that you’ve fallen into’ the 
trap,” said his father. “That young fellow who"  ,
gave you the tip will probably steer you’ around‘. ,,
among Bowditch’s friends who will have D. & ‘H. , ’
to unload on you. Buy it and as fast as you do
notify me and I will sel « the same amount for"
you at the Exchange, then when they deliver the
stock to you send it to me and I wil in turn do-" _'
liver it to the broker I've sold it to. When they "-
have loaded you up with a lar e amount of the *
shares as they will suppose t en you will see,
what will happen." _ ]

Ted determined to follow his father's’ advi ‘ '
so when the young trader called next day Ted tocla

 
   
   
   
    
 
   
 
  

him he had decided to use the tip. _ . e _.
“The insiders are buying it up fast,” said the},
oung trader with a smile of satisfaction,‘ “and,
t’s gettin scarce. However, I lmow seve '
brokers .w 0 have some of it. and if you'll 
with me I’ll introduce you to them." f V
The young trader, whose ‘name was Brooks,
took him toone of the friends’ of the _,Bo’vI;r,di 
Nickelman crowd. and the broker said" 
5,000 shares which he would sell atxhalt at ‘_

    

 

  

 more’ than the market price, and ﬁnally the

broker consented to let him have the stock at the

. I ‘prevailing price, so Ted bought the block. Brooks

took him to other brokers, and Ted bought 20,000
shares ‘of D. & H. at 72. ~ -
“Will you buy any more?”‘asked the young
trader.
I “Do you know anyb
asked Ted. »
. . . Brooks pretended th
" ‘make it his business to ﬁnd out and
morning. _
, “All right,” said Ted. “I'll take 10,000 more if
, I can get it.” _
' When, they separated Ted called on his father
and told the old man he had bought 20,000 shares

else who has any?”

he didn’t but would
report next

f D. & .
0 “I’ll sell that amount tomorrow for you on the
Exchange,” said Morris senior. ,

Accordingly Mr. Morris sold 30,000 D. & H.
next day for Ted. Brooks turned u as Ted ex-
pected he would and told him he he located 10,-
” - 000 more shares. Ted went to the broker with
' himiand purchased it.- ,

‘“I guess that is all I can afford to buy," said
Ted to Brooks. “I ought to make half a million
V Sf this deal. In that case I’ll give you $100,-
'1:he young trader went away apparently de-
lighted, and subsequently the Bowditch-Nickel-
/man‘ crowd held high Jlnks over the apparent suc-
— cess of their plan to do up Ted. _ In due time the
-_ men who had sold Ted the shares delivered the
certiﬁcates and got their money. Ted without
delay turned the certiﬁcates over to his father,
. who in turn delivered them to the parties who
had bought them from him. Then the boy broker
watched for developments. They came when

Bowditch and Nickelman went on the floor of the
' Exchange and made a bear attack on the stock.
—,Thevprice fell quickly, and wagsoon around 50.

' To hold the price at that point Bowditch and

 

 
  

 
  
   
   
  
    
    
   
 
 
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  

of the offers made by either Bowditch or Nickel-
man, but not to buy from anyone else. In this
way‘ the boy broker soon bad calls on the two con-
spirators foi--60,000 shares at around 50. That

Morris in the meantime got up a_pool among his
V friends and they began buying in all the stock
they could ‘get hold of from anybody at the low
figure it was then going at. The shares soon got
scarce and Mr. Morris _then began to bid the rice
. pp.’ The Bowditch-Nickelman crowd me e a
Tfrantic effort to keep it down by selling another
million, dollars’ worth, which _'1‘ed took in, but
gliey soon found the ground slipping from under
em. . '

Then. the quit and started to buy in themselves
to ?'cover t eir immense short sales. »As— the
George Morris pool had control of two-thirds of
‘V the «shares on the market and were bulling the
price, the conspirtors began to realize _that they
were in a desperate ﬁx. When the price got to
Goithey had only been able to buy about 30,000

” .or less than half of what they needed to
‘their enlgaiiements, and they wereout about

ic

the 80,000 hares, if he had not been forced
‘lib sell out when the price was down to 50, called
'  to see if he could buy the shares.

93
0
P

TED,iTHEMBRiO'KiER’S son

Nickelman were fo"'rced to keep on selling at inter- _
valsfl Ted then ordered his father to accept all

represented $3,000,000 worth of ‘the ‘stock. Mr."

‘elman, presuming that Ted still’

"I undektand that you have some D. & I-1., 
ris." he said. . .- 1

“I haven't a share just now,” re lied Ted. ’ 3

“I heard you did," replied Nic elman with Q
guilty look.

“Then you heard right.’ I got a tip that it w "

goimi to be boomed and I bought 30,000 at aroun l
62 got rid of it ‘at the same ﬁgure right away,
how’e,vei-, as I found out'that the tip was a fake
one. ‘ . '
Nickelman looked paralyzed at this. _ ,
“I saved my bacon, for the {ii-‘ice soon dropped
to 50. However, I have the ca 1 on a bunch of D.
& H. that I bought yesterday. I’ll sell you as‘
much as youwant of it at '70.”

Nickelman wouldn't give 70, and he rushed «

away to try‘ and get the stock cheaper. He found"
nobody willing to sell at the market when the;
price was rising every little while. That after-
noon the Bowditch-Nickelm-an bunch met‘ in Bow-
ditch’s office. The members of the crowd were all
up in the air over the developments of the past
twenty-four hours. They were 40,000 shares
short of the amount they were pledged to deliver
next day at three. To pay '70 for it meant that
they would be cleaned out of all their available
resources. «

“What are we going to do?" asked Nickelriiann

“D. & H. closed at 63 3-8. It will probably open
at 54;” said one of the bunch. “We must buy at

a .’ * . . ,

Next morning Nickelman and Bowditch made
desperate attempts to buy the stock, but failed to
get over 10,000 shares, and when the ‘tape indi-
/cated that D. & H. had reached 72 they threw"
up their hands. At three o’clock when they had
to deliver 70,000 shares they were still 30,000
behind. Then Nickelman and Bowditch called on’
the broker Ted’s father had employed to buy

from them. and he referred them to Ted for A‘

settlement.

“What! That boy!” grasped the two traders.

That was the last straw with them. They had -i
no other course than to call on Ted, and he was in .

a position to dictate his own terms.

“If. you can’t deliver the stock, gentlemen, then
I’ll take the difference between 50 and the mar-
ket.” said Ted. , .

_ “That will amount to three-quarters of a mil-
lion.‘ and will ruin all of us,” replied~Nickelman.

.“Well. I’ll Vkiiock off ﬁve points. Maybe that
will save your seats,” said Ted.

Those were the best terms he would make,
though he agreed to take their notes for a por-
tion of the money, and so theyesettled on those
terms._ Nickelman and Bowditch saved their
‘seats in the Exchange, but the others had to» sell
out and go on the*Curb change. Ted himself
cleaned up over half a million. His success in

D. & H. soon leaked out, and he was hailedas a '
He has lived up to the repu-, 7

Wall Street wonder.
tation he thus achieved ever since, and now, at
the head ‘of the combined business of his father
and .1115 OWTI. is regarded as the most solid broker
in Wal _Street. 5 Of course he_ married Bessie
Burne. in due time, and they live very happily
together in a ﬁne home with their growing family
y of girls and boys. . -

“Next week's issue will contain “DICK DAR- .
ENGINE-HOUSE _

RELL’S NERVE ;' OR,‘ FROM
TO MANAGER’S‘OFFICE.” .

i

,»  .: '''»~l,r

A.

 

  

   hid there

24
WlLL, THE WAGON BOY

or, The Diamonds that Came by Express I

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XIII.-— ( Continued.)

“We can do business?” demanded the doctor,
ﬁercely.

“That's for you _to decide, my friend," replied
Detective Keene, with a wolﬂsh smile.

“I’ll go,” said the doctor. “But why not come
to my sanitarium? We cannot have a better
place for a quiet conversation.”

Greatly to Will's surprise, the detective yielded
the point. .

“Well, I don’t know, but what that would be
the best plan,” he said. “You haveyno‘ patients
there now?” ’

“None.” _

“Very well, so be it. .You will excuse me for
sayin that you two fellows are a pair of rather
peculiar looking ducks. I_suppose you would be
a t to attract some attention up my way. Your
1) ace it is, doctor. Shall we get a move on?”

‘ “Yes," replied the doctor. _“Let me say one
word to my friend, and we Wlll go right along‘
-now."

“Cut it short,” said the_ detective.

Doctor Pa ro drew Will aside._

“Keep a s 'll toniue, and all will be well,"_ he
whispered. “I can , uy this fellow, surest thing.
I thought it was you he was after, but I see new
I am mistaken. It concerns another matter alto-
gether, and one ‘you  nothing about. Trust
to me, Will, and all will be well.”

, Will made no reply.
/' There was nothing to say. » _

With the wagon boy it_ seemed to be one thing
after another, and each situation more preplexin-g
than the one which preceded ‘it.

Most devoutly he wished hlinsel.-‘. .
again, going on with the old daily routine of the
express business. ,,

He followed Detective Keene and Doctor Pajaro
down the stairs. _ ' _

On the landing below stood a policeman in full
uniform. _ _

He looked at them curiously, butsaid nothing.

‘At the doorwas a cab, just as the detective had
said, and the order to proceed to the sanitarium
being given, they entered it and were driven away.

It was tiatlier crowded in the cab, and Will sat
between e we.

Dr. Pajaro tried to start _a conversation, and be-
gan questio the detective, but was cut short.

. ‘‘I won't do

we will go at it regularly. Time enough, doc-

H 4301‘. Time enough!” -

“Just so,” said the doctor, “but what made you
think of looking for us at Kutter's place_?”
_ ,“Why, you didn't get the diamonds, did you '!”
demanded the detective. “I said from the ﬁrstthey
., I know you'd try to ﬁndvthem as

\.

on his wagon ‘

usiness on the street,” said Tom I
. Kefne, gruifly. “Wait till we get up to your place,
.311

FAMEl AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY A ‘

soon as you got ready to make"the next move’ in I

your game." - V
The doctor

shudder.

It was a wicked, murderous look. ’

Again Will experienced that awful feeling of
repulsion toward the Hindu. He felt as if he were
sitting crowded up against a snake. '

From that moment until they rounded up at the
sanitarium Dr. Pajaro never spoke a word. -

The doctor then spran out and hurried up
the steps, closely followed y the detective. .

Will was almost of a mind to make a break and
start off on the run. « _;
But there was the cab so handy to give chase, r
and there was his darkened skin, which made ‘him, _

look almost like a colored boy.

He concluded that on the whole the time for
such business had not come, and that he had better ‘
stick to the doctor a little longer and see the thing
through. - _

Old Rumbejo was in the hall to meet them when
the doctor opened the door with his latch key. ’

He seemed much surprised to see his old master ; . « -
back again, but as the Words which passed he- "
tween them were in Hindustanee Will could t
understand what the doctor said to explain

situation. A ,
He was wondei-in whether “Prince" B V o _’
had taken their d g re.

gave him a look which made_ Will

and Madame Sandu
as they passed into the office. «
“Now, Mr. Keene,” said the doctor, “give me
one minute to m elf, and I am at yourvsei-vice." .
“Not one!” cried the detective, ﬁercely, and he
threw his hand toward his hip pocket. .
“None of that!” said the doctor, backin against '~,.
the 'door which separated the office tom the 
dining-room. “It isn't necessary. Letme advise’
on, too, to be just a little careful how you go. To ,
11 me in this house would be a bit dangerous to
the murderer. «See you later, Mr. Keene.” i ,  
As Will knew, the door operated on a‘ double -‘,5
hinge so he was not surprised to see Dr. Pajaro ' '
vanish like a jack-in-the-box. '
i“By thunder, that don’t go!” roared the’detec-
t ve. . .
He spran forward, and would have pushed his
way, throng the door, but it opened for him be-’
fore he could reach it. _ A
There stood Dr. Pajaro with his arms folded. ,
It reminded Will of the scene in Karl Kuttefs ’ "
place, when the doctor said, with provoking calm'- 
ness: -.
“Ah, there! Good—morning. Detective Keene, I"-'
be1ievel’f . ., _‘ _ ﬂ ',
At the same time he was as sure, as he could ’.
be sure of anything that he did not actually lmow,
that in that short instant of time Dr. Pajaro 
had managed to dis ose of the Great Ghorgee.{ ,.
“Come back in ere!" growled the detective-
“Come back, or it will be the worse for you, Dr,
Pajaro. You can't pull no games over me." 
‘‘All right. I see that. I’ll come,” said the docto
ineekly, and he walked back into _the otherrooin
“That's better,” said Keene. “Sit down ‘now, and
we’ll talk business. First off, who is thisboiyl?-’?‘
“My cousin,” replied the doctor. , -
“He is, eh? Is your cousin bald—headed " ,
““IWhat do you meaili1'."'h ' ‘ »N A 
was won erin w y ewore a . ’oi_:-tiiaa,’
I have any particular interest iathxflad.-butg. ’

  
 
 
   
 
   
  
    
  
    
  
 

  

 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKL/Y

‘detectives learn to settle these little points in pas-‘V

. sing.” v i’ ,
“Do not concern yourself about the ‘boy. Say
your say, with him in the room or without him-—
either you please.”
“That is as you please, doctor.”
The doctor seemed to hesitate.
“You can go into the other room,” he said to
Will, but before the wagon boy could reach the
 door he seemed to alter his mind. ~ ’

CHAPTER XIV.
The Doctor and the Detective.

“No, by Jove! You shall stay here and hear it
‘ all!” he exclaimed.
. “Good!” said the detective. “I~{othing like a wit—
ness. Sit down, boy. Now, doc, it's up to you.”
' “What is up to me?” ~ '
g . “To tell the true story of those diamonds that
r came by express.”
“I have nothing to tell.” »
‘ I’ “So? Is that your game? Yet you were there
sf» the night they were delivered to Karl Kutter by
; W‘i.Il£,7}:,he wagon boy.'’. a

    
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 

“Yes, you.” ‘

“Where ?” ‘

“In the vacant office opposite.”

.“Who told you that?j’ ,

~ “Don’t ask fool questions. You see I have been

5 busy on this case, and that’s enough.”

The docteor sat still for more than a minute.

, “Well, I’ll admit it,” he said. ‘/I was in the office
' opposite, as you say.”

; “What then?” . _

. “It’s up to you. My business there i my aﬂair.
_I Since you ‘know that I was there probably you
 -know why. Is 112 so?” J

“W e’1l lay that on the table for the present. You
";1id§ot’get the diamonds.” —

M O 7

‘ “Tell me just what happened.” ’ ,
“Why should I?” . _

. “Because I. have it in my power to make it hot
) or you." _ V ”
3 ~ ]“So you say. That remains to be proved.

“.1. can prove it. I know who you are.

“Well? ’
; ::§%/e”(lon’l'. seem to be getting ahead very fast.”

0.

6- “Suppose I review the whole story‘ as I read it?”
. ‘,‘I wish you Would.” _ _

“You are a prince or something or other out in
our own country. You——— _ _
. r“Wait;” cried the doctor, drawing himself up.
I am the Rajah of Ghorgee. Qall me by my true
title, or call me Dr. Pajaro, either You W111. but
am a little more than a something or other, I’ll
have you to understand.”

  

3......
‘Well?-”

‘*1? . .
7 “Ah! On the whole, Mr. Detective, I think I had
ﬁatterido the talkin . I have been as busy in this
as you have. '1‘ se diamonds which came by

“Youare putting on a deuce of a lot of lugs for‘
.97 , - ' _ g

25

express, once the property of the Prince Pojemv
lﬁin, of Bulgaria, bwere openeg in this! Custom
s , and seen many. gain ey were
opgiieed in the office 34,31 Allen’s Exprehs, and seen
3%’ °€ﬁ’ J°° i‘“’-ml’. nﬁewhifd "F “"32 ?§"’:.§’}§
ru ers w o IS resu
wanted. ’Then the wrapper ’wh1ch encldsed them
was exchan ed for one enclosing a lot of rough
diamonds w ‘ch had been consigned to Karl Kutter
by hisf lblmther in Amsterdalii}; It was the 
ion 0 artin to accompany e wagon y e
lapitdeairyf and gob him «in the wa ,sl::}vi1t he Wis 15?:
ven rom oing so y being 1 arged y .
Allentﬁcgis ﬁzft him no alternative but to make
an a on utter ater on.

“Which he never did. 'That’s the old police
theory. It has been trashed out in the pa rs again
anglilagain. There’s nothing in it, as you ow very
we . -

“You” are right. Martin never got the dia-
m?‘1§i<f1.1_ know‘ who did.”

“Do you put that remark out as a statement or
as‘: questti;rie?” t 

‘ .s a s men ”
kn“Th%n you are néaking a great mistake. I do not

ow, u suspec .

"You do know, for you are the man."

Dr. Pajaro gave a hearty laugh. “No, no!” he
said.d "you are away_oﬁ'. I did not get the dia-
m?‘Il~I§t at the time.” I

“What time?

"You know.” — _ I

:;lI@]<1>re hi1r1xts(.l_§{’o}; at any time, my friend.”

en w o 1 .'
_“I cannot tell‘ you, for I never saw the Pojem-
kin ‘\;lV1alr1ri9<)’nds, but I have my suspicions.” -

‘ e .

"If I was asked I should say that they are at

this moment probably in the possession of a tall .

man with a scar on his face.”
Detective Keene gave a quick start. i
“What do on know?” he demanded. "Are you
in earnest? on have described Walter Daycock,
the_ diamond expert in the public stores, who ex-
amined the packs e.”

“Indeed! Well, t at does not surprise 'me in the ~.

least."

“Hold on,_doctor. I have every reason to believe
that those diamonds remained hidden in that oﬁice
u to the time of your visit to-day. I know you
d1d‘not get them on the night of the murder. I an
positive that no one has found them since. I my-
self_have searched the placethoroughly again and
383% Why did_ you go there this morning? It
was to get the diamon s of course. This trying to
throw It off on Daycocli is all nonsense. Come,
own u I Let us come to terms right now. It is

- the on y way.”

To all this talk Will listened with intense in‘-
terest, of course. '
He was amazed at what he had heard. ' ’
‘It appeared that the doctor‘s acquaintance with
him d1 not begin with the ‘time when he mg
brought to the samtanum, for if he was lurking in‘
the vacant oﬂice opposite to Karl Kuttefs he nude
have seen him enter the lapidary’s when he den-
livered the diamonds. V ‘ ' ‘

I ‘(To be ¢0l1ih1I1ed.),‘~

 . in any other way are at your risk.

’ {which proved to be worth $

26
F ame, and Fortune Weekly

NEW YORK, JULY »9, 1926.

TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

single Copies” .... .............Postaze Free scents
One Copy rhree Months .... “ “ 00
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . .. " ." 2.00
one Copy One Year .......... .. “ " 4.00

Canada, $4.50: Foreign, $5.00.

HOW To SEND MONEY—At our risk end P. 0.
Money Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
We acce t Postage
Stamps the same as cash. When sending s Iver wrap
the Coin in a separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelo e. Write your name and address plainly.
Address le ters to

WESTBURY PUBLISHINGCO, Inc.
166 W. 23rd St., N. Y. C.

FEED KNIGHT. Pros. and Treol.
‘B. W. MARE, Vice-Pres. and Sec.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

$35 OYSTERS

Joe Hobbs, a barber, bought two dozen oysters,

00. Hobbs didn’t pay
lthat much for them. When the oysters were
‘opened they were found to contain three pearls
which local jewelers have appraised at from $85
;to $40 each. .

GERMANS USING WIND .
With nearly 75 per cent. of the available water

-powerdevoted to useful purposes, engineers pre-j
dict that Germany will soon be obtaining a large

part of its electrical energy from the air by har-
nessin the wind for cheap electric current.

Win mill turbines are being perfected rapidly.
The technical efficiency of the latest models runs
up to 40 percent.

SPANISH ARMADA

The defeat of the Spanish Armada occurred in
the reign of Queen Elizabeth. The Spanish
Armada, known as “Invincible Armada," was or-
ganized and sent against England by Philip II of
Spain. Itconsisted of 130 ships of war, ﬁtted
with 2,430 cannon and carrying troops to the
number of 20.000. The Armada was defeated in
the English channel on July 20 1588, by English
ships commanded by Admiral Howard who had
the aid of Drake. Forbisher and Hawkins. After
their defeat many of the ships were driven on
the coasts of Ireland and Scotland and scattered
by -the storm.‘ Of the whole Armada, which had
started out so gayly, only 53 ships returned to
Spain, and these in a greatly weakened condition.

.lEWISH RUNNERS CARRY GREETINGS
' 120 MILES
’A bated bearing a biblical inscription engraved

' on the,,Liberty Bell, “Proclaim liberty throughout

the land and unto all the inhabitants thereof,"
traveled 120 miles, from New Rochelle, N. Y., to
the Philadelphia Y. M. H. A. and Y. W". H. A.vat
Broad and Pine Streets,‘ recently in the novel

Y ‘ road run arranged by the Jewish Welfare Board

as part of the Jewish youths’ contribution to the

 

FAME‘: A"1~I'f>‘ i5oi%TUNn' WEEKLY .

Sesquicentennial celebration and for the com-
memoration of Flag Day. , c

The run, a relay affair in which each athlete '
covered ‘a half mile. started at New Rochelle at
9:45 A. M. The last Philadelphia runner ‘handed *
the baton and greetings to the President of the
branch here at 9:32 in the evening. . - -

The youth who negotiated the ﬁnal 880 yards‘
was “Hoish" Fiterman, former Southern High
captain and Dartmouth College track star, new
coach of the home Y. B. H. A. cinder pathteam.

Two hundred and ﬁfty boys took part in the
run, eighteen of them being representatives of the
Broad and Pine branch. . ’

The course carried the athletes through Mount
Vernon, the Bronx, Jerslely City, Newark, Eliza: .
beth. New Brunswick, ewton, Bustleton. and . -
Philadelphia. _

At each city greetings were received from the
respective Mayors to Mayor Freeland W. Ken-
drick. and separate felicitations were extended ,
from the Y. M. H. A. Presidents and from the
Metropolitan League. ,. j ~

Julius Hyman, ﬁeld officer of the Jewish.Wel-
fare Board, was the originator of the idea. I ‘ '

 

LAUGHS , ,
M3v—T°mmY» Y0“ seem to love papa better than 

you do me. Tommy'—0h, me, I don't mean to; but 
you see, pa always has his pockets full of pennies. ‘ *

Inexperienced Young Wife-—Oh, Jack, I got
such a bargain today! A man came around sell-‘ by '
mg eggsat 20 cents a dozen, and I got enoughlto 5 ,
last all winter. . »

 

. Youn Lady——You say you were.on a raft for? ,
six wee s, and had nothing to eat but mutton.
Where did you get the mutton from? Old Salt—— s "
Well, you see, miss, the sea was very choppy. ‘ I

 

 

Domestic—There’s a gentleman who wants‘ to 
see you on business. Mastel-—Well, ask him to f
take a chair. Domestic—He’s taking iym all, and 
the table, too. He comes from the furniture shop. "

 

This dialogue was re orted by a Cottonwood 
Falls paper: Teacher—— at is it, Tom?‘ Tom—-. 3 ‘
Jimmy's swearing. Teacher——What did he say? ;
Tom—-Well, marm if you say over all the cuss 
words you know, I’ll tell you when you come to it. . . '

 
   
   
  
    

“The last time I was in New York I entertained.’
at dinner at a swell cafe 3 country cousin from:
Leavenworth. When we got outside he said*to1j
me, ‘Do you know you accidentallydrop edfgo‘
cents on the table just as you left? That iefjot
a waiter tried to grab it but Ibeat him toit'.”

Being unable to find a seat in the crowded car,
the portlypdame had gone into the smoking 
and sat down near the door. The man sitting neiii
to her, absorbed in his newspaper, kept ‘on 
mg. “Iwas foolish enough to sup‘ ose,” she
glowering at him, "that some oft ejmen inhera
at least were gentlemen.” _“Pardon me, madam,
he answered, politely offering her’hisf‘eigar«c’as§.

L‘ ,7‘. / ..

 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY,

THE Rosssirs NEST

It was a wild, stormy night in the month of
December, a _few years ago, in a wild portion of
the country in the central part of_the State of
New York. Upon a lonely road, miles from any
other house, was situated a large wooden build-

‘ ing. In front of it was a swinging sign which
creaked‘ and groaned in the wind, which, with ﬁt-
ful gusts, swe t down the hills and forests and
about the lone y habitation.‘

The sign bore the indication of one of those
old-fashioned country inns. The house was old-
fashioned, with quaint old gables, and presented
a-weird, wild appearance. If a ﬁierson was.m-
clinedi to believe in ghosts, wrait s and goblins,
such a night and such a house would be well
calculated t<>'conﬁrm his belief.

. = Strange minors had gone over the whole coun-
try in regard to the house. It was reported to
be haunted. Others said it wasinhabited by a
band of robbers and murderers, who enticed the
unsuspecting traveler into it, and never let him
leave alive. Like the spider’s p’arlor, “he who
went up that winding stair ne er came down
again.” ‘
Q ' The house was inhabited, for from the old-fash-
I A‘ ioned window could be seen the light of a lamp
or candle within. We take the privilege of an
author and enter unobserved and unbidden. _

~ .Four men sit in front of the ﬁreplace, either

, smoking pipes or chewing tobacco, _and spitting

into the blazing ﬁre. A woman sits in one corner
of the room, a pale, weak, cowed creature. On a

' small. stand at her side is a tallow candle, and
_= she is sewing upon some rough garments. The
oldest of the men is about 1ifty—ﬁve years of age.

" A short, heavy-set man, with powerful muscles,

 

 

’ taller, each powerful men, with faces at once

i cruel and savage- . , _ . ~ _
:. “We is goin’ to hev a wild night," Said 01'“?-
rf - the younger man-—-remov_1ng a short, black pipe
I " from his mouth and 3321118‘ steadfastly 1350 the
. k . ~
ﬁr.e;Y§':uh:rSep‘:,vfong, Gus,” said the older man of
l the par without removing his eyes from the
I -ﬁre. u 3'11; already got it. By creation, but it’s
a_gittin’ cold out, an’ the wind’s a-raisin’ every
A - - ' 7:
.!—mrII1~1;1'dng the pipe_from his mouth, he turned
2 around to the young, sad-looking woman who sat
so meekly at the sewing-stand,.and said: f
,’ “Angie, bring out the deiruJo_hn. Blamed e
 this kinder weather don’t require somethin’ to
' warm 3. feller u’ l”

   
  
   
   
 
 
    
   
   
      

- 1;‘ man arose with a sigh,
,an'§hfe talthc-isaz(‘1oo(i)i(i) ﬁgeiivger another, taking the
"candle in her hand. Her face still showed some

~ ad e e es were
llﬁﬁégsagll lbbzitilcliulindshgrltfoked ‘ilk’; ‘ode whose
bright young dream of life had been blasted,
ywhose every hope was crushed. She took the
réat demijohn, a bottle and some glasses in her
 and carried them into the room. Placing

"em .on‘ the stand, she returned for the candle.
_,’f‘C'o‘ e, Boys, fill up- it will do you good.” Sa1d
 _ d man with a villainous face, turning about
$6

 
    
 

’,_‘y.'.

‘-«grizzled hair and beard. The other three were’

the demij'ohn'.. He poured out a glass full with .

27

brandy and drank it. The others fo11owed_hiI
example. _

“I tell ye, boys, that does me_good,” said the
old man, whose years ' gave him commanding
power over the others.

“Do you reckin anyone will come tonight?"
asked one of the younger.

‘ “No, Jim,” said the old man.
is goin’ to travel such a in ht?”

“I hev seen people trav in wuss weather than
this is, Dave,” said another.

“Jim Burns is always seein’ sight which nobody
else ever gits to see,” said old Dave, as he was
known. “But. boys, there ain’t much a-doin’ at
this inn now, like there was years ago, when my
boy Jonathan there was younger. His mother
was alive then, an’ we three, though he was only

"Who d’ye s’pose

a kid, used to chuck four or five into the black ‘

pool a week. We've hed heaps 0’ gold; I've seen
the old woman stand an’ look at it, while her e el
g-littered almost as bright as the money. I
remember one man as came here wi’ a nice young
wife; they had lost their way. It was my busi-
ness to work ’em oil’, so I went to the room. 011,
they war sléepin’ so sweetly it looked a shame.
He la with his throat bare and neckerchief
aroun i, she sleepin’ on his strong arm, her
pretty golden hair scattered all over the pillow.
“I took hold of his necktie an’ began to twist.
He soon awoke, and then commenced a strugglta
but I knew my business, an’ kept on twistin’ un
he could not speak. His wife awoke, an’ sich

screams I never heard. The room was in the i I

second story, right over the black pool. The
{ﬂung woman could stand it no longer, an’ I

lieve she was mad, for she struck me an’ spran
through the winder. I saw her gain’ and ﬁre
my pistol at her. I heard a. splash as she struck
the waters of the black pool. But she was never
seen afterward, an’ her body could never be
found. We hev never heard 0’ her, though it is
now past ten years since that night. We got
heaps 0’ money from him, fur the feller was rich,
an’ they had real. diamonds, no shame.”

As old Dave Ruggles concluded his horrible
storﬂa loud knocking was, heard at the door.

“ Vere,” said Jim Burns, ‘'1 knowed as how
someone would come.”

"Come, Angie,” said old Dave Ruggles, chief
and proprietor of the robbers’ nest, “ye mustgit
this demijohn an’ glasses out o’ sight. Bring in
the stranger, or as many as there may be 0'
’em, and take ’em ugh to room number seven.
We’ll enter the panel ere and knock him in the
head as he sleeps. We iriust git out 0’ the way.”

The four men passed quickly from the room.
The knocking at the door was repeated, and she
returned for the candle. Going with it into the
hall, she opened the door. The candle ﬂickered
in the gust of wind and almost went out. A tall,
powerful man, with a greatcoat on, a city air,
and heavy cane and gloves entered. '

“Is this the wayside inn of Dave Ruggles?” he
asked, as he entered the hall and closed the door
behind him. , .

“It' is, sir,” she replied, and-the look she ‘gave
him would indicate that he had better not trust
himself to it. ~ g

“I am very glad of it,” the stranger made an-

swar, without noticing her warning look. ‘‘I sup_-- '
pose you can keep me for the night. The ntonn - v

' .

 

 

 ' ley, and the youn

' ‘said to Angie.

,. Then one, two, three and

 ‘ raised his dagger and plunged it to the hit in

 

' stranger.
, you would tell me somethin .”

28
is howling wild without and the blinding snow is
driving in my face. I am lost, afoot and alone,
and would perish if you do not take me in."
Annie Rug les prepared him his supper, and
he ate hearti y. After supper he expressed a
desire to retire. But few words had been spoken,
et he closely observed the sad-faced woman. She
. ok the candle in her hand and told him she
would show him his bedroom. The fatal’ room, No.
,7, with all its pits, traps, sliding panels and in-
fernal machinery, was reached.. He‘ was shown
the bed, and she laced the candle on a stand and
turned to leave im. She paused at the door.
Some invisible power seemed to hold her fast.
“What is it you Wish to say to me?" said the
“Your look and manner indicate that

“Fly, sir; ﬂy from this orrible place! You
are in a robbers’ nest. Everyone who comes here
is murdered in their slee and robbed."

“Who are the robbers. How many are there
bf them?” ’

 “There are four: 0ld,Dave Ruggles, Jonathan
-Buggies, my husband, Gus Crow and Jim Burns."

‘Do you love Jonathan P.ugg1es«now?” asked
the stranger.‘ ’

“No, no; I would not save him from the gal-
lows if I could." —

“Then let me inform you who I am. I am
Samuel McBride, a detective, sent from New York
City to hunt out these scoundrels and bring them
to justice. A young lady and her husband were
here ten years ago. He was so foully murdered
that the terror and horror at the sight drove
her insane. She esca ed, sheknows not how, and
was taken to an asy um. Three weeks ago she
recovered her reason, and, going to the city, told
all the horrible story. Her name is Alice‘Blake-

widow is determined to spend
the remainder of er life and fortune in aveng-

T ing her husband's death.”

".hAdsd tliei delfctivde ceased speaking the woman
s u ere an sai :

‘ “Such scenes are of common occurrence. I
have witnessed many in this den of infamy.”

v .::Are you willi to help me break it up?”

— A I am,” she re ied.

The detective en produced a pair of revolvers
and asked her to show him, the various traps and
pits in the room. She did so. The detecﬁve then
made an emgy and placed it in the bed in the
position of a man sleeping. .

‘ “Take this pisgoll, sang get inNthat corner-i"t§e

o 1 so. ‘ aw concea
candle, yet leave it so we can have’ it at a mo?
ment’s notice." She placed 9. box over it, which
left the room in utter darkness. One stood in

A ’ each corner of the room holding 9. cocked revolver.

Theihour dragged slowly by. Midnight came,
and the soft tread of men asce-ndin the stair-,
we could be heard. The panel was s oved back,
an the light of a lantern fell across to the bed.
four men entered the
room. The panel closed as if by a spring, and
they advanced toward the bed. Old Dave‘ Ru les

iheieﬂigy. _ v ,
, "Crack'l” went a pistol -from behind and with
a yell he fell dead across the bed. The others,

i t thlyells of. terror, turned. At this "moment

‘ '1 ‘e Vkicked the box from overthe candle, and

 =,sasr::both-‘hp: and the ‘detective, each with a i

  

y and coicisf

FAME‘ AND Foaruiis wEsi<Lv

cocked pistol. With a terrible oath and uplifted .. _
dirk.Angie’s husband sprang toward her. ’ e .

“Crack!” went her pistol, and her tyrant lay
dead at her feet. ‘ , , _. 3»

._“Sui-render, or I will shoot you both down!”
cried the detective, leveling a revolver in each
hand on the two murderers. They coweredbefore
those dark muzzles,’and fell back to the wall.

“Drop those knives!" the detective shouted.
They fell with ,a ring to the ﬂoor. Angle sprang
forgvilird and took them. She also removed their
pis o s. _ _._,

When this was done the detective ordered them
to hold_ up their hands, and gave Angie Ruggles
two pair of handcuﬂ"s, which she placed on their
wrists. Both old Dave Ruggles and his son Jon- _
athan were dead. The others the detective and J
the heroic woman marched with the next morning‘ ,
ten miles ‘through the snow to see them safely
lodged_in Jail. _'

Angie Ruggles returned to her father’s home,
where she had long been mourned as dead. She
was chief witness against James Burns_and Gus
Crow, both of whom were tried and hung. A ’

Mrs. Alice Blakely rewarded Samuel McBride
the detective, by willing him all her property at
her death for avengin her husband's murder -
and -breaking up The, obbei-s’ Nest. She only 
survived the destruction of the den a few months,
and left McBride a wealthy man. , i _

'..  .- «)

PAINLEVE PREDICTS RADIO CONTROL OF. '-
WEATHER; THINKS PRESENT HEAVY pf
RAINS MAY BE DUE TO IT '
Paul Painleve, Minister of War, who is one of.
the foremost scientists of France, in an interview \ T.
in the Matin discusses the possibility of radio-— " ,
telephonic waves causing the present rainy, win- 
try weather, which has. ersisted in the greater
art of Western Euro e or nearl a month. The
Var Minister recenty suggests in ‘an article _
that the intense radio activity in Europe has had’ .
a strong effect upon the weather generally. ~ » A»
“I do not wish to accuse anything in particular;
I merely wish to call attention to a. hy othésis ~
which appears to me to be logical,” he sai . “For ,
example, if you introduce radiotelephonic ’emis- T
sions into a tightly enclosed room where the air’ .»
is absolutely tra.nsparant.in a moment little drops ‘ ,' ‘
of water ‘will begin to forin on your face.“ -What :3
has happened? . *   
“The Hertzian fog has become lionizedandv 
electriﬁed, and the invisible fog found even‘ in» "
every home, has turned into water. ,You have , ‘"
made rain in our own house. ' _‘* 
“One, there ore. can conclude that the mult'..j
tude of radiotelephonic wavesexisting in "ﬁlm
ether just now produces the same effect upon'tlio'
atmosphere, the result bein the very beautiful
monthof June with rain ea a day." i ‘ V
M. Painleve then went on to say that it was "riot
at all beyond the bounds of possibility that futur‘,
generations would be able to control rain ‘at w_'11l;~
once the fundamental mechanism of these radio,
waves or tides becomes known. T ' f »
“Control of the weather is ‘a possibility of i.
future, one of the roblems tomorrow; H" ‘
manity, which has amassed the watersuofm
earth. utilized the sun and flown over the
tains. has as yet done nothing to vanquishwriin.

 

  
 
   
   
 
    
    
   
 

   

 REDWOOD TIMBER .

The timber of the redwood tree_ of California
never decays. Fallen trunks, which have been
overgrown by new forests, are as solid as the
day they fell. 

. WILD HORSES _

_ Horses in their natural wild state live longer

’ than when put to domestic uses. When free and
uncontrolled a horse lives to the average age of
thirty-eight years; the domestic horse is of little
use after twenty-ﬁve years.

SINKING DREDGE
‘ Digging its own watery grave was the unusual
fate that befell a dredge in the Ohio River. After
dredging a part of the river the sand digger sank
in the hole it had dug, going down about twent
feet. Its owners admit they will have a hard J0
in raising the dredge because of its enormous
size.

MUSIC’S CHARMS REVIVE PIGEON, WORN
OUT BY BATTLING STORM -
’ A brown carrier pigeon, thoroughly worn out
by its struggles through the rainstorm, ﬂuttered
5 down to rest recently in the yard of Mrs. Ava B.
- Curtis at 700 1-2 East 160th Street, the Bronx,
N. Y. The bird was close to death when Mrs.
Curtis carried it into her kitchen to warm it.
It failed to give signs of returning strength
and ﬁve-year-old Ruth Block of 803 Forest Ave-
nue, who was calling‘ upon Mrs. Curtis, had an
iinspiration. Ruth is a violinist and she hurried
to her home and not the instrument. The pigeon
. seemed to respond to the music and soon came
>' around. The bird had an aluminum disk on one
’ ‘leg bearing: this inscription: “A. S. F. 23 193.”.
It is believed to belong to the Army Signal Corps.

  
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
 

 

 f HEAT AND SCOLD PLAY om) -mans on
» ROADS

, . Weather does strange things to Illinois roads,

so the divison of highways is making experiments
in counteractin damage d°T1e by 01133865 "1 fem“
, em1;u1-e,_ac¢o1-. ins: to R. R. Benedict, assistant

f tate highway engineer. . s .-
 A change of twenty de i'ees'will caue a. road
to we out of its origina position, or to writhe
for mi es like a snake until it cracks, he said.
“A hard road will change its osition almost
momentarily in a sudden ‘change 0 temperature,”
Benedict said. “Heat from the sun has more to
do with damage to roads caused by weather than
any other thing. A hot midday sun causes a
hard road to rise in the centre like a loaf of bread
‘baking in an oven. If a cold shower falls on the
concrete. it falls or shrinks in the middle.
:_‘,‘.‘Thatuone thing gave us more trouble than
Vn'th'ing else. We found that this rising and
ailing of the centre of the road caused the ir-
regular cracks running down the centre. We
have since,-been able to cou![1.t,€1‘=1Ct that damage
by‘ utting in a crack running; down _the_ centre
of tire road.‘ That‘ takes cares of the rise and
"£211-gwithoiit, doing any damage to the pavement.- .

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ‘
CURRENT NEWS 

 

“Heat also causes a road. to_ expand longi-
tudinally. A slab of concrete will slip for miles
in a roadbed until the expansion caused_by the
heat had been let out. .A hard road will even
climb over a hill. This is taken care of by ex-
pansion" joints put in at bridges. A space of at
least two inches is left between the bridge and
the pavement so that the elongation of the _road_
will be taken care of. This space is iilled with a
soft macadam, the elasticity of which permits
the road to expand, and at the same time keeps
the dirt out of the joint.

“Frost causes much damage to oiled roads. I d

When the ground freezes underneath the con-
crete, most of the pressure caused by the ex-
pansion of the freezing water seems to go into the
groundfbut in oil-surfacd roads the expansioif
goes upward and causes great breaks in the sur-
ace. 1-
"We have bun making experiments for some
time, and we hope ﬁnally to ﬁnd a way to meet
any change in temperature."

CiREENLAND’S ICE GAP

What is said to be the first accurate map and
description of northeast Greenland, showing that
the great island stretches much further eastward
than, has been generally assumed, a pears this
week in the Copenhagen Geographica Journal.

The authors are the Dane, Captain Koch, and
the German. Doctor Wegener, both of whom surs
vived the ill-fated Denmark expedition, the leaden
of which, Mylius Erichsen, met his death in a‘
tragic manner, as did his unfortunate compan-
ions, Hagen and Bi-oelund.

Hagen ﬁnished his sketch maps of Denmark’:
Fiord and Independence Sound while dying of
hunger and exposure, while Broenlund after
Hag-en’s death dragged himslef, with both feet
frozen, to the depot of Lambert’s Land, where he
arranged his work in such a way that it could be
easily located. Then he lay down and died, too.

The most valuable feature of the Denmark re-
port is the ma of the hitherto unexplored, region

of East Gree and between the seventy-ninth and ..‘j
the eighty-second parallel, although the ' entire, 1
work covers the land between 75 de rees‘48 min-' * ~

utes to the northernmost point 0! reenland, 83
degrees 30 minutes. There are also the results
of l\iylius Erichseii’s excursions to Shannon Land
and the" Pendulum Islands. *

Doctor Wegener tells of the peculiar ice condi-in .
.ti_on_s in those inhospitable regions. Elsewhere, in = I
similar high latitudes the ice melts every sum-' . “

mer for a brief period and drifts away but the
ice cap in northeast Greenland never melts. .5

_It is only where the full force of the polar cur-
rent_'strikes headlands and outlying islands that
the ice is broken up in places and carried away.‘
Along the whole coast section_between the ~sev—,.

enty-eighth andseventy-ninth degrees, known as n

Glacier Bay, both land-and sea are covered by
one vast continuous -ice sheet. The tides here

cause tremendous strains, and stresses, but ‘the. 

Eézrnianent ice cap prevent the formation of ice’-I
rgs. ’ . A —

 

25$.‘

  

 "canto the various homes where

_ waterproof.

dogs of Northboro.

FAME AND FORTUNE" WEEKLY

‘INTERESTING ARTICLES

_ CROWDS IN YELLOWSTONE .

More than 60,000 visitors camped out, with
their own equipment, in Yellowstone National
Park during the last year. ‘

. BURGLARS DON’T STEAL

Tiﬂin, 0., police may call in psychologists to
help them ﬁnd a new type of criminal, a burglar
who steals nothing. Two stores were entered and
va1u}a1.b(l1es worth thousands of dollars were left un-
touc e .

_ PLANS WALK OVER SEA.
A. N. Sheldon of Ventura, Cal., plans to walk

, on the sea from the mainland to Santa Catalina
Island, a distance of more than thirty miles, using

airtight ypontoons attached to his feet.

CREDIT IN U. S.

It is estimated that about 60 er cent. of the
transactions in retail trade an’ about 90 per
cent. of the transactions in wholesale trade are
settled by means of credit instruments—checks,
trade acceptances, drafts and notes. ,

FINDS PETRIFIED TOOTH

John Keifer, a’farmer living west of here, un-
earthed an enormous petriﬁed tooth on his farm
recently. The tooth is complete in detail with
but a few slight chips missing. It weighs six
and a half pounds and measures 19 inches in
circumference.

GARAGE FOR LAUNDRESS
A Manchester, N. H., laundress who drives her
_ er services are
in demand, refused backin the winter's cold
weather to work for any but those having heated
garages asshe did not wish to have the radiator
of her car freeze while she was at the washtubs.

GOOD LEATHER _FROhi FISH
A high grade of leather is obtained from stin-
garees, or huge ra s, which are caught in South-
ern waters oil’ the nited States coast. The skin,

I or “hide,” of the fish can be cured and produces a
‘tough, durable material of good appearance.

Some of the -largest ﬁsh yield 2'-om two to three

square yards of leather. Needless to say, it is

. DOG DYE

Prince has always sported a beard that would
draw envious glances from a Russian Grand
Duke. Sleek and glossy, its shiny black has given
to his ‘facial make-u a leading place among the
grince followed his masterto
chemical and dye com any’s plant and came
back with a glow of pri e in his eyes and pink
whiskers ‘on his chin. It is believed that the
dog-. in. a moment of [curiosity nosed into a vat of

pink dye.’ ‘ "

C" watts: ELEPHANT IN LONDON»;

Dr. Saw 1). Ho Min. President of the Royal
Karen Association of Burma, has arrived in Lon-

‘ rett Count , Md., for a nominal annual‘ rental.‘

don with a specimen of the’ extremely rare white. I K
elephant. The animal, which is a. male, is seven
feet high and is apparently a genuine albino. *

With his companion, an ordinary elephant, and ,.
ﬁve nativelkeepers. he will be on exhibition at the
zoo. but as the white elephant is traditionally’ ‘ ‘
sacred. no visitors will be allowed to ride on him.

When the elephants landed at the Tilbury docks
they refused to go in the motor truck provided ,
for them.. So they walked to the zoo at the digni'- V '
-ﬂed rate of three miles an hour. . .

__..__.i.... '
MAIL RECEIVED FROM AMUNDSE
THIRTEEN YEARS LATE I

As Captain Ronald Amundsen swept north over
the northern roof of thevearth, a sack of mail
from Finland reached Chicago bearing postcards
mailed on his polar ship, the Fram, thirteen years

ago.

Stanley G. Swanberg, Wilmette, received one '
of the cards. It was sent him by a friend who ‘
has been dead eight years and started on its jour: <
ne_v in Colon Harbor in the Canal. Zone, 

4, 1913. Swanberg explained that the card, was A .
one of a number Amundsen gave visitors to his
ship. It bore the printed note: - ~ ~ »
f‘Will be carried across the Polar Sea and’.
afterward conveyed by post to the addresses.“ C

TEN‘-THOUSAND-YEAR LEASE ASKED BY
‘ A COAL RAILROAD 
Application for authority to enter into a lease
of railroad property for a period of 10,000 years
was filed with the Public Service Commission re-
cently by the Castleman Valley Railroad Com-

P9rnY- .
According to the petition ﬁled the Castleman
Valley Railroad plans to lease the’ property of the ‘ I
Pennsylvania Castleman Valley Railroad in Gary -V

 

This rai road operates from Bittinzer, Garrett» ‘
County, to a point in Pennsylvania near‘ the]
Maryland State line, a distance of 13.8 miles.  ‘I
The purpose of the proposed lease is to 0 rate
the two lines as a" unit. it was said. Bot ra1L'.’
roads are used in transporting coal. 0 ._ 0

NEGRO NERO IS FINED £10, PLAYS , 
UKULELE AS FIRE AGES 4
While a forest fire was burning all about his‘ ‘
house, Shade Stevenson, 28, a negro, sat on“:
rocking chair and played his ukulele, watching?‘
the members of four ﬁre companies, Boy Scouts"
fvairglaunteers, totaling about 500 men, ﬁght pthe-

Asked by Mayor Arthur Mueller to help hi;
the ﬁre, Stevenson laughed and said ﬁre figh “
was not his business and kept on playin 
ukulele. He was arrested and fined $10 by-:llga’.gi:p,- ‘V
t1-ate Frederick Berchtold. The fire destro 
over 1,000 acres of timber land. Chief oi Poheo
Phillip Reinhard was overcome by smoke and was
carried from the burning woods. ‘William Bu?

    
  
   
  
 

a ﬁremamsustained a broken arm. The poult,
plant of Philip Petrie. with the entire stock, ‘V ‘
uedat"$10,000. was destroyed. , E   ’i‘

    
 

\

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

FROM EVERYWHERE

GREAT RACE TRACK GAINS

The largest sum ever Won by an Ownel‘ 111 the

'1 course of a single racing season in England W9-5
0 won by the Duke of _Portland, with his two horses

-'_ _' Donovan and Ayrshire. The amount was in ex-
.- cess of‘ $365,000.

' CANARY CONCERTS _
Two concerts which will be given _by vcanarles
,. have been arranged by the Minneapolis Pedigjreed
. Roller Canary Club for afternoon and evenings.
" vThe birds, in addition to oifering solo numbers,
.- _ will sing in duets and uartets. _ Between ﬁfty
_and seventy-ﬁve birds will participate.

ICEBERG WARNING
, A new device has recently been developed by
the United States Bureau of Standards wh eby
the electrical conductivity of sea water my be
measured and indicated in terms of its SaltmeSS-
; 7 This new application of’ electricity to the safety
of those at sea is -expected to be of great value In

 

~ V1.-..

 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 

‘these often frreatly dilute the saltiness of the wa-
ter in their vicinity. ‘

' __ RIPTIONS TELL or TROJAN
HI1ll'¥i:§x1£%E.lKISRT§h(3:M0RTALIZED BY HOMER

‘ ' ~ has been aroused in educational

- cir¥:‘[l‘e};:}‘b31rn1‘3;"i*1o?tJame’s H. Bi-easted’s statement in
a lecture that inscriptions lately uncovered_ by an
"exploration into the Hittite country establish the
. actuality of the Trojan wan _. _
. The expedition, recently launched in Asia
Minor is delving into the civilization that ante-
dated ’Assyria and Babylon. From Egyptian
 sources and evidence in Hebrew scripture, anti-
lquarians have long known that the Hittites were
a powerful nation settled in Syria,.or what is
now» southern Armenia. E8'YPti,9-D 1'°¢°?d_S de'
scribe battles of thee Pharaohs with the Hittites
-°'§'i~e§§;ya§§ E-gggrgéd to frequently in Scripture as
a war-like race and enemy of the inV&diI18_J§WI|-
‘Ancient Troy was to the west of the Hittites.
While excavations have conﬁrmed the theory that
acity once stood on.the' site selected as that of
Troy the Homeric classics have been considered

" ' works of imagination.

§‘yV‘3'li1i'tl1iac Professor Breasted did not aiiirm that,
;§5 Homeric says, the Olympian gods were _in-
‘terested in the battle, he said the inscription
ghowedia war had been fought between the Tro-
jans and Greeks about the time of the Homeric

Aﬁfater discoveries may give Greek antiquarians
further conﬁrmation of Homer- »

 

POWERFUL WATER JETS
: _ C . West there are reat
a§iIi;ssgfn:el?lfl:‘ssah€i‘b}d?ilders in which goldgis to
.found.* It is not thereeas nuggets, 01‘ Wen 35
' but as ﬁne particles that have been washed
.‘ into the depths of the hills by the long-
tjjgired action of natural forces. _

 

» giving warning of the proximity of icebergs, since.

This gold cannot be obtained by the usual
methods of the miner; it would not pay him to
adopt them. because the particles are so ﬁne, and
are so scattered that the time consumed in get-
ting them out would be worth more than the
product.

To the successful working of these great pebble
cliﬂ's the miner has adapted a stream of water,
which does the work thoroughly, unaided by any';_
force except its own. _

In many directions, away up on the surrounding
hills, sluices and waterways are constructed, so-
that the little streams and rills will send their
waters down to a reservoir which is built some-

where within three or four hundred yards of the

cliff that is to be worked and one hundred or one’
hundred and ﬁfty feet above it. The reservoir
having been built, an iron pipe, varyino in diame-
ter from six to twenty inches, accor ing to the
work that is to be done. is laid from it to what‘
is called the working level; that is to say, to the;
point from which the workmen will direct the‘
stream thus conveyed to them.

At this point a piece of machinery is built,.
which weighs from one to three tons, and the?
frame on which it rests is not only securely an--I
chored to the ground, but is weighed down with
ten or ﬁfteen tons of rock. And yet it is mereiyi
a nozzle joined to the iron pipe that brings the
water from the reservoir. Why it is so heavily:
weighted down will soon be seen.

The nozzle, heavy as it is, is so constructed-
that it may be directed at any part of the cliff byj .
the hands of one man; and yet if it should, by
any unfortunate accident, get out of the man’s
control. and the water not be instantly turned oil’
at the reservoir. it becomes as unmanageable as’
a tornado. .

When everythingyis ready the sluice gate at:
the reservoir is opened. and the water begins to
run with headlong force down the iron pipe and
out at the nozzle. which aenerally has a diameter
of about eight inches. - I

The uipeman turns the stream on the cliff, and .
the pebbles and ‘boulders, some of the latter
weighing more than a ton, are knocked down and

scattered about like corks in thefury of a hurri- . ’

cane.

The force.of this stream is almost incredible.
It,l_ias no power behind it but its own gravity, and"
as it strikes the cliff it makes a roar that may be
heard for more than a mile. It will wash down
more “pay dirt” in one day than ten thousand

men could handle with the old-fashioned "rock-

ers." . —

‘As the water comes from the nozzle it is like
solid ‘ice. Try to stick a knife'blade into it, and
the knife will.be jerked from the handle.
thrust a crowbar into it—and a strong man may »
succeed in getting the point half an inch in, but

. the bar will be wrenched violently from his hands.

Nor could the strongest man that lives drive an
axe into the stream further than half an inch.

Sometimes a nozzle will tear itself loose from
its fastenings. and when that ha pens the stream
deals destruction and death al around it until

someone shuts off the water up at the reservoir. ._

‘I

31.’:

Tryto 

  

it   one T.r.N§Cl-:N"r HAND Booksl

Useful, instructive, ‘and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

No. 4?. TI!!!) BOYS (FF NEVV YORK STUMI’
ﬂI'I€AI{!4:R.-—(‘ollmining‘ a varied assortlm--llt of stump
spr-vchcs, l\'egl'o, Dutch and Irish. Also (‘llll nu-n‘s jokes.

No.  HOW’ TO VVRITE IN AN ALBUM.—A grand
collection of.‘ Album Verses suitable for any time and
occasion; onlhl-ncinp: Lines of Love, Affection, Sentiment.
liulnor. Respect. and Condolence; also Verses Suitable
for Valentines and Weddings

No. 52. HOW’ TO PLAY
handy little book, giviu the rules and full riircctions
tor‘ playillg Euchre. mlbbagr-., Casino, Forty-ﬁve.
Rounce, Podro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch. All
_Il‘ours, and many other popular games of cards.

N0. 53. I-I0\'V T0 VVRITE LETTERS.—A wonderful
little hook, telling you how to write to your sweetheart.
your father. mother, sister. brother. employer: and in
fact everylwody and auyhody you wish to write to.

No. 55. 30 TO COLLECT STAMPS AND COINS.-—
Containing vn unhle information regarding the collect-

'CARDS.—A complete and

int: and arranging of stamps and coins. Handsomeiy
illustrated.
No. 57. HOW TO MAKE MIISICAL INSTRUMENTS.

‘ v—Fllll directions how to make ll Banjo,‘Violin, Zlther.
Acoiiun Harp, Xylophone and other musical instruments;
tozotller with a brief description oi.‘ nearly every musl-
cal instrument used in ancient or modern times.
ills:-ly illustrated.

No. 53. HOW TO BE A DE'l‘FiC'l‘IVE.—-By Old King
Brady. the well-known detective. In which he lays
llown S0l’il8'VEllIilble rules for beginners. and also re-
lates some adventures of well—llnown detectives.

No. 6!. How To BECOME A 'BOWLER.——A complete
manual‘ of howling. Containing full instructions for
‘playing all the standard American and German ames'

Pro-

togotller with rules and systems in use by the pr ncipal

llmvliug‘ clubs. .
No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINES.

-—4(‘ontaiuing full directions for making electrical ma.-

cllines, induction coils. rlynamos, and many novel tov

:3 bl; wtosaked by electricity. By R. A. R. Ber/nett. Fully
us ra .6 . ‘

No. 67. HOW TO DO ELECTRICAL TnIOKS.—(‘.'on-
taining a lar e collection of instructie and highly
amusing electr cal tricks, together -with ll ustrations. By
A.,Anderson. J .

No. 69. HOW TO DO SIlEIGIIT-0F—IIAND.—Contain-
in?! over ﬁfty of the latest and best tricks used by ma-
‘lricinns. Also containing the secret of second sight.
Fully illustrated. .

No. 72. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WITH CARDS.
—l«‘lmhrnclllg nil of the latest and most deceptive card
tricks. with illustrations.

No. 73. HOIV TO DO TRICKS WITH NUMBERS.-—
Showing man curious tricks with ii ures and the
magic of num ers. > By A. Anderson. Fu ly illustrated.

No. '14. HOW TO WRITE LETTERS CORRECTIlY.——
Containing full instructions for writing letters on ai-
moat any subject; also rules for punctuation and com-
position. with specimen letters. ' /

No. ‘I6. HOW TO TELL FORTUNES BY THE HAND.
--Containing rules for telling fortunes b the aid of
lines of the hand.,or the secret of palmis ry. Also the
secret of teilinlz future events by old of mole. marks.
scars. etc. Illustrated.

No. 77. HOW TO DO FORTY TRICKS WITH
CARDS.—Containing deceptive Card Tricks as perform-
ed by leading ,con,1urers and magicians. .

i No. '19. HOW TO BECOME AN’ ACTOR.—Containing
cofnplete instructions how to make up for various
characters ‘on the stage; together with the duties of the
lhltage Manager. Prompter. Scenic Artist and Property

an. .

No. 80. GUS WIlLIAMS' JOKE B_00K.—Containing
the latest jokes. anecdotes andiunny stories of this
world-renowned German comedian.

No. 82. HOW TO DO PALMIs'rBY.--Containing the
most approved methods oi’ reading the linesfon the

~ hand, together with a full explanation of their meaning.

Also explainln Dhrenology, and the key for telling

haracter by t e bumpson the head. By Leo Hugo
och, A.C.s. Fully illustralted.

for utld by all nerwsd-eniers, or will be sent to an!
,1 address on receipt of price, loo. not copy.
| r . V ‘» in money or stamps, by

A WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
as West zed street ‘ New ‘Turk cit:

 

21060 Just is-Iisnlluck: or. Climbing the Ladder of rim

, , i .
1082 Fightincg the Mono

=11» w... ~

    
    

. F’a_me:and Fortune 

1037 Making a Record: or, The Luck of a Working Iloyl
1038 A Fiszht For Money; or, From School to Wait

. Street. . ‘ ..

1030 Strarxladerir Out West: or. The Boy Who Found
_ -O.‘l_iIl2'll'l. ~ ;. 

1040 Ben ll’,;;wssford's Luck: or, Working on Wall Str ,
. ‘. rs 

1041 A Young Gold King; or. The Treasure of the Secret

'9

ax ,. _ ,

l0-12 I‘-ound To Get Rich: or. How A Wall Street Boy .
Made Money. N , ' '

1043 Friendless Frank: or. The Boy who Became

F:lmous._ ,
1044 a $30,00%t Tip: or. The Young Weazel ot Wan.

. e .
1045 Plucky Bob: or. The Boy Who Won Success. .
1040 It‘rolnWNewg¥)oytto Banker; 01', Rob Lake’s"Rise in’
I . roe. , 
1047 A (‘loiden Stake: or, The Treasure of the Indies.“
1048 A Grip On the Market: or, A Hot Time In 1W.

Street. .,
1049 Watt-filling His Chance; or. From Ferry Boy to cap.
a n. ‘ -_ - ‘
1050 A Game for Gold: or, The Young King or We
Street ‘

1051 A Wizard for Luck: ‘or Getting Ahead lathe world._
1052 A Fo1;tur1le~at Stake: or, A Wall Street Messenger-as
“ .

e . . _
1053 Ills Last Nickel: or, What It'Did‘ for Jack Rand,
1054- Nat Noble, the Little Broker: or, The Boy Wh

Started a Wall Street Panic. ~ 

1055 A ‘gtrnggle tor Fame; or. The Gamest Boy in mg
,. -. .

o . , »
1056 The Young Money Moznate: or, The Wall Street
, Boy who Broke the Market. ‘>
1057 A If1l'i&l(_V Contract; or, The Boy Who Made 0. Run
0 .0119)’. 7, 
1058 A Big: Risk; or, The Game That Won. ‘
1059 On Pirate’s Isle; or, The Treasure of thelﬁev

Craters. ., V  ,_
1060 A Wall Street Mystery; 01-. The Boy Who Bea!

   
    
  
 
   
 
  
     
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 

 

 

the Syndicate. ~ .
1061 Dick Hadley’: Mine; or. The Boy Gold D1886:-_s' or
Mexico. . . »
1062 A Bov Stock Broker; or, From Errand “,3oy“‘»fo4
Millionaire. \ ,

[$3 Facing the.Worl<i: or.’ A Poor‘ Boy's Fight 1
F0 ,

one. i _.
1064 A Ti Worth a Million; or. How ‘a Boy Worked.
t In Wall Street. . g -‘~
1065 Billyi tlhe dCi|.l)ll1 Boy; or. The Treasure of skeletal:
. a ‘ ‘

and Fortune. , « . ~.
1067 Out with His Own Circus: or. The’ Success '0!»

Young Barnum. " J ‘ ‘
1068 Playing For Money: or. The BOY Trader 0!’ W1!!!

. t . . _
1069 The Elf; Copper Miner: or. Ted Brownie Rise
. PS. .  3
1070 Tips  the Tape; or. The Boy Who Sta:-tled‘W.nﬂ

n ee. V "5 \
1071 Striking It Rich; or. From Oﬂice Boy To.Mq‘:a,
‘ chant Prince . * ‘
1072 Lucky in Wall Street: or. The Boy Who Trimmed;
t e Brokers. -
1073 In In Class by Himself: or. The Plucky Boy Who
Got to the Top. ‘
1074 Bulling the Marke: or. The M88-86lb1R‘6l' Who Worked

Cor er. _ _ .
1075 Arte: the lalg Blue Stone; or. The Treasure ot 

V J ale . , - ,

1070 Little “fay Perkins. the Broker: or, Shearing 
Wall Street “Lllmbs."  « g _ 

1077 The nlkoung Coal Baron; or. Five Years With 

ers. , « K
1078 Coininén lzioney: or. The Boy Plunger o!V'W

ee. . .. ,
1079 Amongrthe Tusk Hunters; or. The Boy Whore
1080 A G 3 Dhllammd Mil?" the Slums t W ii‘ 
me 0 :or.. mm 0 11.,
1081 A Vi§aif's, Lzgacy; or. How It Made a'Poor—.‘» ‘

Kings: or. The Little Bi
o r - or, nu ma.
1os3 A BmtoYrVi‘l5 gall‘ melline rd saleuil 0‘ who
Malls His Mal.-ll.’ . '  -I . 2
Po lb ll donlon.orwil‘iho.Is'I:'t'..'
I uigdreyuaonnl-uele'" pt or price, 80. pct‘  .1
, in mono: or IMIDDILCI , :

I WESTBURY PUBLISHING ,Co.; ﬁll!"

