NEW YORK, JULY 20, 1928 Price 8 Cents

    
   

 

'§$ §@,,@@ FROM A lNU@fKiEIL§
 uR,THE YWHIJ WAS Lucm m swans-  

; M///;”zz 5 5/u;_'éz7£z/7755//7/‘%7ﬂ‘
5'.-_:‘ . _ ,:_,‘A"‘“‘j, ._- .

 

1

 . L '
??

%— 
' \ vr4_.\_;rA

._.._4_-- . '.,

“take him down and now him sway In the little clout ,.
Oeeton. pointing at the prisoner. While the conlederetee were obeying the order. ‘ _ ‘ “. -=‘ —
Gwin br ‘an the tin box sad proceeded to exur M In contente. .  _,g:.,., {-

     

.'

r.

51»

A-.sa°‘.."{u..’°: ‘
‘resume with,''- replied Bob.

_ '_"Aw, what yer givin’ me! _
‘E15. feller ‘a show to make his supper," said-

  

AME ..A.r£I2.

W

li0RTUNE   WEEKLY   1

= Qﬂ¥—§ub¢eﬂp . year c d: ,
I  ‘osﬁbury ubllshing  12¢" 140 Cedupe l"t1-eet, N e:naYo::
' Due. in 1011. at the Post-Uluce at New xorx. n i..

   

#4150;
. 1. Entered as

1' rel 1!). C h
° m =5 .......°v.z.:'s.'==..=:.e v
under the Act of larch 8. I81!

0. 1190
L

. .sso,‘ooos From A Nickel if

"on, THE BOY WHO WAS LUCKY IN STOCKS -

hr

;

CHAPTER I.-—-Cash—0ne Nickel.

‘Well, I've got just one nickel and a letter. to
a man in Wall Street, which will Land me in a
job," said Bob Baker, as he stepped ashore from

’ the Albany Day Boat at the foot of Desbrosses

Street, one afternoon. about half;-past ﬁve. He
was a healthy, strappingllad, with a slightly pro-
vincial air, and nea‘, v attired in a plain business
suit. In one hand he carried a suitcase which
contained all of his worldly possessions that
he was able to bring with him.

“I’ve also got a healthy appetite, but I need
theprice to satisfy it," he continued, as he looked
at the moving procession of trucks and other
zehicles‘ passing up and down West street before

no

It was a novel scene to him. for this was his
first appearance in New York City. He had been
born and raised in Troy, up the State. and hav-
int lately lost his only relative, his mother. which
threw him on his own resources, he had come
to the metropolis, like many others. to seek his

‘No supper, no bed and no breakfast seems to
the P1‘09.'!'8zn for the next few hours,‘ he mut—

 tered, as he started to thread his wav through

the teams.‘ "That is what I call tough. When
I leﬂ: Troy I had twenty dollars in my pocket,
but some rascal cked my pocket and now I'm
on my uppers. ly for the nickel I'd be flat
broke. I might just as well be for a nickel hardly
counts. 'l‘here’s a small restaurant.’ he said, as ‘

he landed on the‘ sidewalk “I wonder if the

~ ‘ ' woul ' ' a in -
_   ..§.s"a:;:g'::°':."2=.,‘;...:.. 5:.

in.

   

’ to the stashun for a-nickel,’
youth, gliclilljug up beside him.
c e

1'

  
 

. but I need the-'‘ l to make my
Be a sport and
my own " said
Arab looked at
said.

'L"I'wish I saws showtomake
« .-notes:-neatly that the street

 i it .1’ 1:
*...'::*z.:**.,.i:...:,
. __j » ,5 ’ ‘um _ , .
hﬁﬁ-4*‘ .‘m in _

   
  
  

NEW YORK, JULY 20. 1928

"By A SELF-MADE MAN «

 broke. self,

Price 8 Cents.

  

“Are ver renllv strapped? '{’ hat yer been doin’
with yer chink? Came off the boat, didn’t yer?”
“My pocket was picked on the way down the
river. and l’ve onlv got a nickel left.” ‘
“Yer don't say? Well. wot's the difference. 2
The nickel '11 pay yer way home on the elevated é
and then you'll be all right.” 3 "

“I haven't any home to go to.”

“Wot! no home?" exclaimed the Arab, looking
at Bob in astonishment. v

“life. I’ve just come to New York to go to -
wor ."

“Dat’s so‘! Where you come from?‘

“Troy.” _ V

“Dat’s up the river, ain't it?" -.
"Yes " . 9"

“Yer a hayseed, ain’t yer?” grinned the youth.
“But if yer am’t got no money yer can't be took
in by dem conﬁdence chaps wot are a ‘ ys on ~~.
the lookout for fellersdat ain't ﬂy to er game. * ‘  -v‘
Where are yer goin’ to put up for de night?” A

‘In one of the parks. I guess.”

“Dat’s_tougb. If I had one of me cards wit’
me I'd give ver a knock-down to me friend. the
grep:-ietor of de Waldorf-’Sstoria.' chuckled the

y_ .i_ 
“Waldorf-’Storia! What placeis that?’ 5-. 
“Dat’s de swell hotel uptown. Dere are udders; ‘ ‘

but most ‘all de folks of note stop dere, because

it's de proper caper, see?" ~

‘Swell hotel. eh? Say, don't
fellow about giving me your ca you w ‘ ,.
to do me a favor me if you think the "‘

of that restaurant over there would give memy ,

supper if I offered to'work it out.’ i b . V‘
“I couldn't tell yer, as I'm not on speahin’  *

terms wit: him. I wouldn't like to try lnm mo-’

self. He’s chased me two or t’ree times awﬂ
from his door.” ‘  /~
“Say, where do you live. and what’:-_-ybﬁ
name?” ' . '
“Me name is Pete Swift, and I livo.wl¢' 
uncle. the yor." — - A , I -
"ﬁver ofvEhlt?",] h ' n :1 7 
“ ayor o rem'c stree ﬁlmed  _,
“Oh, cutout your kiddinglsh“ . ‘e * +3

3;‘: aim:  . .

  
 
   
    
  
    
   
  
   

ollﬁme, yo \,

  
    
 
   
  

    
 

       
  
 

   

  

 -»  
35'?
 55 '"5m';”:'i:m:ai:' Bob Baker. If you ever want to
/92&«»
}/.//79

l .

   
  
 
 
   
  

 “pee: to come arou
 ‘aettla."’“

for I want to forﬁiise for a meal. and I can't get
too ' .
°"-9333:’-'y to flag yer. but yer ain't told me wot
Maybe yer’ve 8°t a card.”

%‘{’n}¢: vo,u”'ll ﬁnd me in Wall Street.”

“Wa‘l3lre§tr¢l2‘et. where the Stock Exchange is.
You know w ere it is.” '
st“Hitilly_tgeetl Whta,t yer goin' to do in Wall

ree wi ‘on a cen ."

“I've not a job there."

“Wot. already?"

%Yes. I've been recommended to a broker who
wants a boy, and who said he'd give me an open-
. E. . ..
m‘‘Den yer all right. _ _ *

“I expect to be to-morrow. but in the mean-
time. owing to thgdloss. of my twenty dollars
de man yer‘-regain’ to work for!’

' :¥ou. n what is his name?"

“Plfitlip Qaston." _ _

-wh- don't ver look in de directory for his
aaiende, iﬁnqfo to his tl’I:.Il:;hl'lld'teu him how Ye!‘

, see r . _
ﬁx“That ?sn’t a ad idea. I never though of it.
I think I'll do it if I can ﬁnd a directory-" ,

«most of de d'1-1'39 stores has em. Dey wont
charge yer not'in to look inter it. Everybody
does it.” _

‘I'm much obliged for the suiurestion. Pete.”

“Donn. mepshun it. Yer welcome. When lnﬁ
automobile is repaired I'll (IPIVG. over to Wa
Street and. call on yer- So Ions! M h

Bob-decided _to try and ire’; sugper Ore le
hunted up a city directory. or _e Wit: 33?!
“mashed, A ly. he walked into e 89!)
restaurant and put his case before the proprie-

ma . /0 pp '
“You don't look as if you were broke, said

%Imar':.. I was robbed of all my money on the
Albany Day Boat.” _ _ ”

‘Are you a stranger in the city.
.."Yes; but I've got a _letter to a \_"Vall Street
broker. who's going to give me a job.

"Let's see the letter.

Bob handed him the envelope. It was addressed
go ‘nﬂiw anion, Esq., No. — Wall Street. _

“W ' said the man. “I ain't in the habit of
rs. It doesn't pay. But I'll take
chance on you. You can eat a quarter’: worth

inst ii . I'll
and I'll chalk it up ssana hy|o=r,e:I-313' Md

3;.
3

-‘'I'll do it," replied Bob. Zratefully.
pm; money from Ilr. Gaston to-mor-
t,o— t, it I can ﬁnd out where he lives,
re lodgi for myself right away.
around an pay you. You are very
hen you don't know whether
me again.’
sit_down at that table and order

ti-his
'_ Bobutdownan§lvhge='v¢i“hisort¢gcrtot::

' $50,000 FROM A‘ NICKEL

street to ﬁnd a drug store that had a city direc-
tory open to the public.

After going several blocks he found a direc-
tory and looked up the name of Philip Gaston.
He found the following: “Gaston. Philip. stock
broker. — Wall street; home, — East 62d street.’

“That's him. I guess," thought the boy. “At
any rate I'll call there. I hate to spend my last
nickel so I'll walk. I wonder how far it is?’

He started un Broadway and in due time‘
He rested himself om _

reached Fourteenth street.
a bench in Union Square and then continued
on to Twentv-third street. He sat down awhile
in Madison Square, as the hour was comparatively
early. He asked the man who sat next to him

_the shortest route to take to reach the number

he wanted.
“Go up Fifth avenue.’

“Where is Fifth avenue?" asked Bob.

“That street that comes in yonder." pointing.
Bob thanked him and resumed his tramp. It was
quite a walk to 62d street. but he got there at
last. and found that the numbers started from
the avenue and went east.

Mr. Gaston lived in one of the big brownstone
houses on the tlrst block. As Bob approached
the house. Broker Gaston was seated in his hand-
some library in company with his cashier, Ed-
ward Gwin.

“Yes. Gwin for six months I have considered
myself master of my brother's business and’for-
tune. the revenues of which have been insuﬂlciesit
as yet to discharge the debts which a life of ex-
travairance has cha against me. Now I've
just made the astonishing and disquieting dis-
covery. that my brother. in atoning for his own
follies. has ruined me." said the broker.

“Ruined you. Mr. Gaston!" exclaimed the cash-
ier. “You amaze me!"

“Well. it's a fact. I will explain my situation
to you. My late brother, Henry. as you are aware,
established the business which I succeeded to by
virtue  being heir-at-law. I was his represen-
tative in the board-room while you were second

kkeeper."

Mr. Gwin nodded.

“His death made me. as I supposed, his suc-
cessor. I took charge of everything—the oﬂlce,
this house, his bank accounts and investments-
and became for the time being a rich man. I

quietly  rid_tof the old cashier and raised
to a non."
yo‘9You did, use I was useful. nay, indispen-

sable to you." said Gwin.
The broker frowned. but went on.
“For six months I have been living
paradise. and now it a pears that I resign
everything, and be con t with a again
asmerelythemai_ia¢erofthebusiness_.,i_thc
lad choses to continue mo In that capacity.
“he ladyl" exclaimed the cashier. ‘What

lad ?'

“ylf brother’: widow.’

‘His widow! Why, I wasn't aware that be
was married.’

‘Neither was I. but it appears he was. The
proofs forwarded to me from San Francisco ap-
pear indispugrblle. It seams that 
tied a W man years ago VII
I4osAngeles.huttarIngofhei-hedcaartedtha

lady after a few maths. Henry was a
§.°}"fui in his way. Very much use the old

' afool

Sis

-;>.ii'
. - _ ' . 1. is
-\-T, , “._ ‘ /I'.;a'J‘l ..'_ n ' -5 ' 5| ,—.

  

'c-hoseto

lthelawyei-,hasa

 

 

2 r‘-- "

\

sailor who had a sweetheart in every port. At
any rate, he married this respectable young per-
son under an assumed name, and when he pulled
up stakes and came East she was unable to trace
him.” '

“Hum!” ejaculated Gwin. . _

‘One of the results,.of the marriage was 8
dauzhter whom he never saw.” _

“So you have been an uncle for a long _time
without‘ knowing it,” smiled the cashier, grimly.

- “It would appear so. My brother wore his
narital harness lightly" for he never breathed
a word about it to me. -‘I had come to reirﬂljd
him as a conﬁrmed bachelor up to the day _of his
death. When he was taken down with his last
illness. and learned from the doctor that his
hours were numbered. his conscience became a hit
tender and he called in a young lawyer, unknown
to me, had him draw up a Will leaving everything
to his wife, and‘ dispatched the young attorney
west to hunt up the lad . It _took the _awy_er_sIx
months to accomplish e object of his imss_ion.
and during that. time I_ was allowed to come into
possession. This morning I  aletter from
him, explaining everything and notifying me that
he had found my sister-in~law, and would start
East with her and her seventeen- ear-old daugh-
ter, immediately. He regretted necessity 0f
disposscssinlt me, but under the circumstances
there was no alternative. Be 9 he said,
than I would be allowed—hark_-ye. allowed—t°
run the brokerage oﬁice as manager and repre-
saihtive [of the widow. "l'hat'_s _how the case
standkx Pleasant. isu’t_ it!’ satirieally. _

“Decidedly so.” replied Gwin, with a sh ht
laugh. “I should have thought your bro _r
would at least have left the bus_iness to Y0l1- ,3“
widow would have been quite rich enouxh With-
out it.”

“It either did not occur to him to do 80. 01‘ 139
‘make  for his treatment of his
wife as full as was in his power. At any rate.
heﬁxedthinassothatlnowcomeoutatthe
small end of the horn.” _ _ "

‘Well, what are you going to do about it!
“What can I do but yield as gracefully as P08-
sihle."- _

‘And can you. ﬁr. quietly give PP fgrme
without  one eilort to retain it?_

‘What can one‘! The'lady, according to

clear case.
“Can_no resolute measures be adopted to resist

are I o ,
aaogtreet as your brother’: I ti-

isnine otrﬂie law."
’ hardly do more than not
result.’

guided  theio. will  no

0

\

‘$50,009 FROM“"i§' NTCKEL

“Indeed!”

“Promise me $50,000 if I save the day for you
‘and I will help you out.”

“What can you do, Gwin?" asked the broker,
in surprise.

“Is it a bargain?”

“I should be glad to make such a bargain if
I thought that ”

“Is it a bargain? Will you give me a signed
paper to that effect?”

“First explain our plan.
I will give you t e paper."

“Good! Now listen.”

But at that moment there was a ring at the
doorbell and the appearance of a servant at the
door of the library interrupted the interview.

If I think well of it

CHAPTER II.-—'I‘he Rascally Compact.

“Well, what is it?” asked the master of the
house, impatiently.

“There is a boy at the door, sir, who wishes
to see you.’

“A boy! Who is he, and what does he want?"

“He says he has brought a letter of introduc-
tion to you.’

“Show him into the parlor and I will see him.”

The servant retired and piloted Bob Baker, who
was the caller, into the arlor.

In a few minutes the i-oker entered the room.

“Well, young man, what can I do for you?”
he said.

- ‘Bob handed him the letter he had brought. It
was not sealed and Mr. Gaston read it.

“So you are Bob Baker to whom I promised
the osition as messenger in mv oﬂice?”

“ es, sir." .

“I guess you'll do for you look like a smart
boy, and my friend Adams recommends you high-
ly. You will report at my omce in the morning
at nine o'clock. You haven't found lodgings for
yourself yet, eh?" he added, glancing at the boy’:
suitcase.

“No. sir.
to get any."

“No! How is that?"

Bob explained how he had been clealﬁd out
on the boat by some unknown crook.

“That is the reason I took the liberltiy of ‘call-
ing at your house to see if you won advance
me a few dollars to carry me over.”

“How did you ﬁnd out my residence?”

“From the citv directory. -

“Very well. Here is a $10 bill. Now follow
me. My cashier happens to be here this evening.
I'll introduce you to him.‘ _ _ -

The broker took Bob ‘into his library andgmado
him acquainted with Gwin.

“He lost his mone on the boat ‘ ~&w§t."
said Mr. Gaston. " pickpocket ‘ ed him.
I have just advanced him $10. You can charge

The fact is, I haven't any money

himwith it onthebooks,andhecan-returnit 
' Q

at his convenience." V
‘All right,’ nodded the cashier, carelessly. .
n.Z‘b'.‘£. "3T’°i.’.’.°u..« .: Bob. .
;§::,£l::'b§I§l’. I'll soon .thohangof-things}

3-boarding place?’ - .' ~~ . ~

 

u'reallatse‘ainthiscity‘I"sald'.

'Would_wuhhhj

 

 

   

   
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
     
   
  

K~.,,L'+~

$50,000 FROM
,. 5“-IT‘guess I’d better send somebody with you to

a button twice.
Presently a man in house livery appeared.
, “William, have you had your dinner?” asked
saw the roker. .
" “I am eating it now, sir,” answered the man,
rape-ctfullv.
_ “After you have ﬁnished I wish you to take
this young man downtown and find him a board-
; ing house within easy reach of the Sixth avenue
elevated road."
“Yes, sir." '
Under-

“A genteel, reasonably priced house.
stand?”
“Yes. sir." ' .
“Take him into the parlor now. He will wait

there till you are ready."

' So Bob was marched back to the parlor, which
was illuminated‘ by oneelectric bulb. Illumin-
ated is hardly the word, for the room was long,
fairly wide and loft . so that v_the single bulb
only lighted up a li e part of it.

‘ The furniture was substantial and the other
- furnishings costly. A magniﬁcent large rug,
that must have cost $1,000 or more, covered the
. center of the floor. The decoration of the walls
, and ceiling was as ﬁneas art could make them.
. The curtains and hangings of the windows were
in perfect keeping with the rest of the room.
Altogether it represented high-class taste and
a lavish. expenditure, and what little Bob was able
to see of it quite took his breath. '
“Now, sir, we will continue our conversation,"
Q said Gwin, as the door closed behind. Bob and
. the second man of the house. "
 “Well, what plan have you to lay before me?
"  replied the broker. a _
- ;;“When do you expect your brothei-.’s widow
' to arrivi?” _ '
“Probably in a week." _ 4 _
“She and her daughter will be accompanied by
the young lawyer whom your brother sent West
a to ﬁnd them?” vv » ’
"I am so advised.” . .
‘Have you any idea of the route they will take?

ciao or by the.Central Paciﬁc?"

'=“I*coul 't tell you." _ .

 it would be advisable for you to tele-

gnph the lawyer to select his route so as- to
% _with.the Penna lvania road."

I y?’ used the bro r. r

oi: have so emmtrv residence near Elizabeth.”
lute brother s."

I
yd Make the preparations necessary to
- “your sister-in-law there.” ,
“ was myidea. as I did not wish to leave
 ' Nmgggeﬁwmv ‘th 1; '11 t th
i so a on wi nice o
as i~iiiiade1piiiu'.:yind esc¥>rt the lady and
 tar to Elisabeth, as the Blew York
Fit prepared for‘ their" reception."
algal] ‘that any V . 0
0 ‘ -  4 they uemmauiiutih in
§%‘?"'°“W “"93 "*3? P393‘ 93

 

 

 
 
  
 

ﬁnd a suitable place,” said Mr. Gaston, pushing‘

‘W‘illJthev'-leave California by thesouthern Pa- .

in you in .
,3!

pages alter

' A NICKEL

the entire prospects of many people. For in-
stance, after, your worthy sister-in-law and her
daughter are comfortably fixed at their country
h_ome—we will call it theirs under the existing
circumstances—the house might catch ﬁre. burn
down, and they in it. That would relieve you
of the necessity of making a six months’ account-
ing of the estate.”

“There isn’t one chance in a hundred of such
a thing happening.”

“No? It is remarkable how people will differ
on a subject. Now I think there is every chance
of such a catastrophe taking place.”

“Perhaps you will explain why you think so?’

“Because it is to your interest that such a
thing should take place. It is also to mine."

“Yours?”

“Certainly. I am interested to the extent of
$50,000.”

“Fifty thousand dollars!”

“Precisely. You promised to pay me that sum
if I helped you out of your predicament.”

“Then your plan is to burn the country house
down when my sister-in-law and niece are in it,
and thus———"

“Secure you in absolute possession of your late
brother's estate. That is one of my plans. After
I have gone well into the matter I may ﬁnd some
othereplan ually as effective and lessly costly.’

“But this is murder, Gwin,” cried the broker,
aghast.

“There is no occasion for you to give it such
a strong term. Accidents will happen lnvthe best
regulated households, why not at your country
place near Elizabeth?”

“I. don't like our scheme, Gwin.”

“I am sorry. ave you considered what is at
stake? Can you tsmel-y see yourself reduced
from wealth to comparative dependence? Have
you thought how di_ﬂ’erent your osition will be
if. your brother’ widow and chi d come to the
front as the acknowledged heirs of all this prop-
erty as well as‘ the Wall Street business?’

“Have you thoieight of the enormity of the crime‘

you have propos ,

“My dear Mr. Gaston, I never let my mind
dwell on the ‘unpleasant side of any matter if I
can help it,” said the cashier, suavely, drawing
a cigar from his ‘pocket and li hti it with a
match cratched on the sole of ﬁns oe. “I am

thinking at present of the $50,000. That is a \

great deal pleasanter."
“Gwin, I can't undertake to fall in with your

_ views. Your plan is too——" .
‘ “Well” -'

“Streriuous. to use an easy name for it. Per-
_ha 5 as manager I may be able to get along. I
wi be practically the boss of the business. '1‘ at's

0 much better than the position I held ,while my '
How do you know that you ,

brother was alive."
“Manager-hum!
will be manager?” _ _ ~
“What other arrangement would my 8l§ﬁe!'-lib

’ law make‘! I am the man she will naturally eon-

ﬁch in to run the business. I have every detail

‘ends. I the ‘cal ' ‘ I
“G!?v5in’ﬁ?glrescl sar_costic:lll‘y,.whill:t1‘ie  . “

chalantlyuthlscurar. —‘ . .
“Your points are welltslcsn. In-.gGutou, hut
—-suppose-ths'ledy  that the —
not careto  they -

:

u

 

     
 
 
   

  

_:r.

 

‘ $50,000 FROM A NICKEL

“Nnot continue a proﬁtable business? Ridicu-
us.
“There is no accounting for a woman's whims.
If you are going to pérotect ]ourseilt;f you have got
to ’de the oils it ‘ eren ang es.
.Su1':op:::le srhe decidgd rig“ vgind sup! the business.
where would you be‘? Ykou have no furgls to
tak‘tﬁh h . t ag,wi no
< mosey td) speglli oznygu would,°}‘i§rdly£?be able to
build up a business, You would lose your Seat
in the Exchange,’ for the‘ laidv woultd rsiiit)i(i)r&l)l0y
realize on an asset wort cose on 0 y -
Mark me, sir! I have had experience with W0-
men, and I know thern. Qnpe your sister-in-la_W
is safely estab1ished,_in this inheritance you will
find that matters will not go as ou seem '30
\ think. You are really nothing to er, and she
will soon give you evidence of the fact. Twist
this matter as_ you will, the only hope you have
is to fall. in with my views and let me help you
win out. _
The broker stared at his rascally cashier-
“Yeu sitthere. -Gwin. like the enemy of man-
kind, _Aemnting me to engage inn crime. You
grasp me by the hand and drag me to the verge
°..‘.~.*"» ::*::..:;"::“:°.l.'.:::: 212:.“ ‘° °""'“‘"“
«mg ﬁning you "are talking, sir!
yulurse a man.
“A murderer you meanl". _ ‘
Double the promised sum and You

Rouse

. “Pshaw! _

_. need. take no part in the matter at all. Guar-
antee ine $100,000-7that’s but a tenth art of
the value of the es d I ll engage C1931‘

your th 1‘ th bstal that now obstruct it.’
A .3.‘ dg-gppedeliwis focritiiser soft tone and spoke

with some energy. _ _ ,
4 “I will be your accomplice, Just the same,” said

¢I'Weil, that can't be helped; but the chief risk
will be mine.“ , .
“I must consider the matter.”
~"There is nothing to consider. You must 88799
to my lan or step down and out of the prop-
__ . slhich is ittobe‘!”— '
agree," said the broker, desperately.
‘Good! The business is already half accom-
plished. Where there's a will there slwo s is
,3 way. Permit me to_use your desk and will
draw up the paper which you are to sign. Then.

to be yours, while I will_ _ well provided for."
‘ The cashier seated’ himself at the desk close
_ dry and began to write. V _

hjCKAP'l‘E‘R III.——Bob’s Introduction to Wall St-

.13 the meantime. William took Bob downtown
‘with him and found a suitabletboaz-ding place, for
  in West Twenty-third street,.near Sixth
2 He explained to Bob that he was to
' the mo , ’ on:
V into the

.lH)l’lIV A lIl()‘.l'i ll€‘iTﬂ?£«€

we will be hand-in-Irlov and success is bound‘

    
 

,5.

‘out on the third ﬂoor. You'll see Mr. Gaston’:
name on the front suite of oﬂices.”

“Thanks,” said Bob. “I’ll get there all right.”

Being tired, he went to bed right away, and
next morning he was the first one at the break-
fast table. It was only eight o’clock when he got
through, so he thought he would take a walk
up Sixth avenue. He went as far as Thirty-third
street, where the avenue is intersected by Bi'oad- _ 3
way, and there is a station, and then took a train  a’
downtown. He didn't use his solitary nickel of "
the day before, as he determined to keep that as
a reminder of the time when he landed in ‘the A
city with only live cents to his name. ‘ 

“If I ever get wealthy I'll have a gold rirn put :‘
around that nickel with a hole in it, and use it . " ft
as a watch charm, he said. 

He reached the oﬂice without any trouble, but 
found it locked. He waited till one of the ‘unior _ 
clerks came with a key and opened up. Bo fol- ;_Z.
lowed him inside. . Q

“Got a message for Mr. Gaston?” asked the ~ _
clerk, looking at him inquirin ly. . y  '3

“No; I've come here to wor ." ' . 

“Oh, you've got the job of messenger, eh? ~ '-
.What’s your name?”

Bob told him, and learned that the clerk's name
was Tom Brush.

“Live in this city?” asked Brush, who seemed
to take a fancy to Bob.

’ “Yes. Pm boardin in West Twenty—third »
street. . I came from my." .9:
“Lately?” . » 

B “Yesterday afternoon, by the Albany Day
oat." ' ‘
“You don't say! Ever been in New York be-
fore?"
«No.» .
“Then you've a. lot to learn.’ ,
It won't take me long to pick things up.” .
“I guess not. You look bri lit."
“W?at will I have to do ere?
sa ."

Yes; that will be your chief duty‘, but there’ ‘
are lots of other thin you'll’ have to attend to.
I was messenger myse f here for three years,~and I,
as you're green the boss may put me to teaching *

 
   
  
   
     
    
   

Carry not _.

u the ropes. I'll give you one tip r’ t !iow.~
ou want to keep a she lookout that r. Gm‘
our cashier, doesn’t catc you napping. It

on his aecountthat our last musenﬁr quit.”
“I was introduced to him at . V
house last night." . ,«
“Were you up to the boss's house?’ — ~
“Y_es. 'l_l say that I don't think a whole lotct.
Cashier Gwin. I'm a pretty good judge of humans-
nature, and it's my opinion he's -eoaley;
He seems to be p tty thick, with Mr. Genoa»
“They always ave been thick. ﬁshn-
Henry Gaston died, six inouthsago. the.
boss, who came into all '0! his property 
a side issue in the ollloe, sotaspoak. ‘ii.
seated the house at the Ex I hit
real authority. Mr. Gwin was
keeper  When the business
hands of the
the old
place.

      
       
  
  
  
 

 
  

 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 

 
 

 
   

    

him to Miss Sidney, the stenographer.
all, Gwin came in. He called Bob to his desk,

 *- ‘ asked him a number of questions, including, the’

address of his boarding place, and then called

._ Brush over and instructed him to take the new
-‘_ messenger around the district for a day or two
until he learned where the More important oﬂice

.- buildings were, and such other places as he was

s likely to be sent to.

By that/‘time Mr. Gaston made his appearance.

. ~' After he had gone through the mail, ‘dictated
i"- , such replies as were necessary and seen a couple
\ of callers, he sent out for Bob. He gave the boy
‘-' a yeneral outline of what would be expected of
him, told him what his wages would be, and

said that Brush would show hi_m the ropes. Brush

was kept on the run that day and the next, car-

rying messages, and running errands, and Bob
accompanied him everywhere taking note of
whatever his companion called his attention to.

After they returned from the bank, where Brush

had carried the day's deposits, on the second

day, the junior clerk reported to Gwin that he
guessed Bob was able to go out by himself now.

The cashier dalled Bob up and examined him as

.-to the location of a number of office buildings,

the Exchange and other places, and the boy didn't

make a single slip.» .
“I ess you'll do, Baker,” he said. “You can
go 0 now. To-morrow you will go out alone.”,
That afternoon Bob found his way to the res-
taurant where he was indebted for his supper
on the afternoon of his arrival in town. The
p!'0¥I'l$0l'__V(88 reading a paper at the counter-
“ ’ve come to pay you that quarter," said Bob._ -
“What gquartei-1' _asked the man, not immedi-
_atel “recognizing him. . .
“ ’m the boy you trusted for a meal, three days
ago. Don't you remember?" ,
“Now I remember-"you. .So you've come around
you. . , .
“Yes sir,” and Boblaid downs guarter.
‘. 1, you're an honestboy," said thée man,
sweeping the money back into his drawer. You re
. ‘us: about ‘one in_ a hundred. Did you get the
 _ ‘ gob you expected in Wall Strigati’ ” _
W1.’ “Yes. I’mmesIen r ora roer. ,
“I wish you luck.‘ get you ever get hard Pusher}
for a meal, come around_and I'll trust you again.
An Bob stepped outside he ran against Peta
Swift, who was selling afternoon P9-P01‘! WW-
_‘Pete ’ ‘zed him_at once. _ -
' , S ‘Hello, cu y!” be said. ‘Whatcher doin’ ’i;o
’ V  Howitnliout‘  Street posish?
. . . NP _ -
“whdfgazre yet-president of a bank?”
“I'm a broker‘; messenger.
»_"Iadata1l'!" Howinanybonesaweek does
’ it ﬁn out?’ 0
= .-“I get seven dollars.’
. "IVwouldn’t mind liavin’ yer job; but I guess
no clothes ain't goodycnough tor Wall Street.
cs.-nee,»Iawoniotai1or_rordo1astsoot,andho

me wardrobe ain't up-to-date.”
 :sk your uncle, the mayor, 

    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
      

    
   

Last. of _

_ messenger went into his room to
wan

    

$50,000" FROM A NICKEL

“Nowheres in particular. I roost out incarts
When I can’t get ‘int'o'Billy Lang"e’s‘ stable."

“How do you manage in t‘n'e_winter?"

“De best way I kin."

“Selling papers now, eh? Give me one. Here's
a nickel. Keep the change.’ '

“T'anks! Yer a brick!
reg’lar customer.”

“ "9". 800d-by. Hope to see you again some

I wish yet was a.’

time. . . .

“Good-by, boss. When me ship comes in you'll
see me around in Wall Street blowin' de boodle
in.on stocks." .

Bob walked up Desbrosses street to the Ninth
avenue elevated station, and was soon on his way
to his boarding house. Next morning he started
in on his messenger duties in earnest, and no
fault Was found with him by the cashier. The
fourth day of his experience was Saturday, and
it ha1f'P33t he received a full week's wages.
Gwin also complimented him on his rapid progress
in tting acquainted with the Street.

“ he cashier seems to be givi you the velvet
hand." said Brush, as they w out 191' the
oﬁice together. “Don't forget that he has sharp
claws. He may treat you all ri ht for a week
or two, but sooner or later he’ show his real
character and you'll be in hot waterunless you
look out sharp.”

“I don't intend to give him any cause to find
fault with me," replied Bob.

“He’l1 find some cause if he can.- At any rate,
that's the way he treated the last messenger‘. He
made things so hot for-the young fellow that he
got out."

“Well, I can't afford to lose the job, so I’ll be
careful not to have a run-in with him. I'm much
obliged for the tip.”

“Tha't’s all right. I want to see you get along.’

They parted~at the corner of Broadway, and
Bob took a surface car u town for _a change and
spent the afternoon in tral Park. _

CHAPTER _iv.—'i'he Nickel‘ a... Busy.
Bob took to the messenger business like a duck

clerks noticed that the cashier was unusually
friendly toward him,‘and the wondered if he
was trying to throw the new boy oﬂ his guard.
On Thursday morning, Broker Gaston came to
the oﬁce in a cab, which was not his custom.
When he got out at the Brown Building he had a
suit-casein his hand, which seemed to indicate
he was going somewhere out-of-town. Bob was
seated in his chair about noon, yaitlﬁﬂto be
called on, when Gaston’: bell rang; now
see what he

ted. ‘ .

“Call _a cab for me,’ said the bi-oh:-.

'Bobknewhewouldﬁndonoofthosevehidel
onBroo.d' sohostnrtetloﬂ,andin.tui

minutes restmizhat the cab was at the door.
engnﬂii

Hefo tliobroksrandhlscaahier

in earnest con on.
‘.‘fl‘aka my suitcase down and put it in the cab.
Waltther,etillIeomo,"naidlr.Gutun. 

gasping-i_._

 

~ . e...~~.,_

.to water and made good from the start. The »

  

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

the trader made his appearance and drove oﬂ
toward Broadway. The boy had heard him tell
the driver to ta e him to the Cortlandt street
ferry, so he guessed the boss W88 801118 _S°m9’
where on a trip. Bob had already get on friendly
terms with several messen rs, but the one he
liked the best was a cur y-headed lad. named
Will Sparks. Next morning, Gwm sent him with
a note to a Beaver street wine merchant, and Just
as he reached the place he met Sparks. ”

“Hello, Baker!" said Will. “Where bound?

“In here," replied Bob.

“Going to purchase a case of champagne for
your private consumption?" laughed the other

messenger. . _
‘Hardly. Our cashier sent me here, and if this
note ”is an order for liquor it is for him 01' the

“Most likely for the boss. He's got to be ,8
pretty swell guy since he came into his brother s
Ihoes. I don't wonder, for Henry Gaston was
said to be a millionaire." . _

“And his brother, my boss, got it all. 80 T03“
Brush, of our oﬂlce, told me. . _

“Yes, that’: what he did, because his brother
was a bachelor and had no one else to leave It

‘It’: a wonder he never got married. He lived
in great style in the house where my boss lives
now. And Brush says he’! got a dandy country

ce somewhere near Elisabeth, in New Jersey.

ybe that's where Mr. Gaston was _bound
_ rday when I got him a cab to take ham and

nitcase to the Cortlandt street ferry.

‘Probably. It's a ﬁne thing to be rich. If I
had a few thousand dollars now I could make I
his haul "

“How could you?’ _ _ ,
'1 got hold of a dandy tip a while ago, but its
no has to me because I haven't any money to
back it.’
‘I! ,3 me up’. 1 If ha I'll let
" ave you ve
you in myrlntgything ior ten per cent. of what
.you'llinakeoutofit. th n’,'
“No. I've on ninet cents in my clo es.
“Ninety eent?!g°t’l'hat'sy several times more
than I have, but it wouldn't help you work the
f hp. You'd want at least ‘$50 so as to buy ﬁve _
. shares of the stock.’ » ’
t ~"‘What stock!’
§,‘:What's the use of telling you if you can't use
’ . ‘'11 ‘ll tell me I'll let gase on my lucky
to“ Bob. you '

laughed
.‘ "Have you got a lucky nicbl?’
, '1 don't know whether it’: lucky as not, but
his othegu‘ ht’! dreamed that i should make
o it.
thousand out of a nickel-—that’s pretty
’s look at it.’ '
lobed  nickel outofhis vest
’Behadltwrappedupiuapieeeot

 Bob
‘ ‘I30’ , I -. . - :-
.,1$”,f_Izoia  it to

 
   
  

  

  

    

   

“Yes, and because it was the only hit of money
I had in my clothes when I landed in this city,
last week."

“The only piece, eh? I suppose you had a bank
draft, or a money-order in your pocket?"

“You suppose wrong. I had twenty dollars and
ﬁfty-ﬁve cents in my pocket when _I left Troy in
the morning. 'l‘hat‘was all the money I had in
the ‘world. I spent ﬁfty cents on the boat for a
mea ."

“That left you twent dollars and the nickel.”

“Yes, but some rasca picked ‘my pocket of the
twenty."

“The dickensl That was rough."

“You bet it was!"

“How did you get along, then?”

Bob related the incidents of‘ that momentous
afternoon, holding the nickel in his fingers.
when he finished his story he started to wrap his
nickel up again. In some way it slipped out of
h13_ﬂY|8e1'S, struck the sidewa k on its edge and
rolling toward the iron grating that admitted
light to the cellar of the liquor store, disappeared
through two of the bars. Bob made a futile grab
at it, and then knelt down and peered through
the grating to see if he could see it anywhere

ow. .

“That's the last of your lucky nickel,‘ laughed '
Sparks. "You'll never make 850,000 out of that Q
now. , ‘ ‘

“That: too bad. I didn't want to lose that. I-
must as permission to down into the cellar
andllooksgor it,"lsa|i‘d 61:05.0

“ wi you uc din it. So Ion l" and
Will Sparks walked away.‘ 8

Bob entered the store handed his note to a
clerk, who read it and ‘nodded his head, as
muesli as to say, “all right."

“a,” said thebo ‘can! down‘
eellariy" , y’ to m you

“;:V(liiat 13;?’ askegetthe clerk

“ i-op a oc - iece rough the ra '
outside and I walht to ggt it.’ 8 tug

   
 
   
     
   
   
   
   

He didn't want to he abou
would be likely to cover hispocoiu up
into some crevice where it would be a gun
struck a match to assist his search, and
saw the nickel lying on top of what .ap
be a inildswed pocketbook. "
He grabbed the coin and p‘
other article. It was a pocketbook
evidently been lying there a V ‘i

L
or

  
    
  
  

       
     
       

 
  
 
 

   
  
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
    

showed to whom it belonged, so he tossed it down.

“The mon is mine after all," he said, in a
tone of satis action. “I must see how much it
Jiinounts to."

‘ He counted his ﬁnd and discovered that the
‘ bills footed up $582. ' ~' .,

“That nickel is lucky, upon my word. Seemed
as it it scented that money down here, wriggled
out of my ﬁngers, ran through the grating and
dro ped right on top of the wallet. If that was
pubgishedin the papers the readers would call it
a ﬁsh story. I begin to think that dream of mine
is‘going to co e true. Just think of $50,000 from
a nickel! T t’s ing some. Yet stranger
V things have happene , I guess.”

He made hisway back to the store, told the
.. clerk he had found his nickel, thanked him for

 letting him go into the cellar, and started back
to his omce. On the way he thought about Will
Spark’: tip. w _ ‘

' “I must get him to tell me about it. If he can
prove it's a good winner I will buy some of the
stock on margin and give him ten per cent, of
whatever I make out of the deal." .

, ' When he got of!‘ that afternoon, about half-

pm three, he felt hungry and went to a lunch
house for a sandwich and a cup of coﬂee. He
saw Sptrks perched on a stool at the counter
 , aiuljeated himself beside him.

" , “Find your lucky nickel?" asked Will,‘ with a
. ‘ grin. _ V _ ~
, “I did.": .

‘ “Theii you've still got a chance to make that
‘ ;:"I'm going to make it," said Bob, conﬁdently.

“Whenyou get old and gray—haired, eh?”

.“No, long‘ before that.” _
9‘You'll never make it out of that nickel,

“ at’: as much as ou know about it. That
‘cl’  Quint to In it. It's got to work

9- ~
i ‘Has it‘! How?’ ‘ , _ '
‘Never mind. It’: put some money in my
gochtnxow if-you'll let me in on that tip, and
_’n.lucky, it will put some money in your pocket,

'£'How~muchJiavc you got to invest?’

  

  dollars?"

. ‘k %
WIIOIO did‘ It suddenly?" '
. I saw you." chqckieei

_   me about having ﬁve
  °° on‘! W ‘ 
 iii.’-geiihog bills-and showed

    

  

 tobuy titty shares of any stock on-

;.out the.

 

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

.“Will you use it if I sﬁive it to you?”

“I will if you can ow it's a winner."

_“I'll show you in about two shakes of a cat’:
tail. Wait till we get outside. I don't want
anybody else to hear what I tell you."

I‘hey paid their checks and left the lunch
house. When they got on the street Will ‘bid
Bob all about his tip.

He had learned accidentally that A. & C. shares
were being cornered by a powerful syndicate with
the intention of booming the rice, and then un-
loading the stock on the public at its advanced
valuation. .

“If you mean business, Bob, come right up to
the little bank on Nassau street. You'_ye got eight
minutes to make the deal in before the brokerage
department closes for the day.’

“I’m_ on,” said Bob, who had the utmost conﬁ-
dence in the iflea that his lucky nickel was point-
ing the way to $50,000.

The boys hurried up to the bank and Bob put
his deal through. .

“Hold on till it goes up between ten and ﬁf-
teen points and then sell out at once," said Will.

“It's 86 now," said Bob.

“It's bound to go to pair, at any rate. You

can risk_ it as high as that," replied Will.

“All right. I'll ‘take your word for it, for I’m
rather green yet_ln market speculation.’

“You won't be green long, for I'll gamble on it
this won't be or only deal. When a fellow
wins out he's a ways crazy to try his luck again.
That's why most of the lambs lose. You're work-
ing on a sure tip now, so the chances are in
your favor. Y_'ou' want to be careful when you
are going it blind, like most of the outside specu:
lators have _to do." said Will.

“Never mind about the future.
what I'm interested in."

"You ought to clear $500, of which I expect
you to hand over $50."

,“I'l_l do it. My word is as good as my bond,’
said Bob.

The two boys then went home.

The present is

 

CK

CHAPTER V.—Bol)  I Piece of Vil-
4 Y.

When Cashier cam} came into the oaice next a 

morning’ he carried a suitcase. A pat-en he
was going out of town that aiterngon totaliypend
Sunday somewhere.

“I'll bet he’: ﬂOll‘I¥ down to the boss’: country
place at.Eliubeth. _t Bob. ‘It’: a ﬁne
thingvto l - the particular A end of the luau you
work for. I wish I were going out of town, too.’

Gwintmzguge hands at noon, halt an hour

 
  
   

     
 
 
 
   
  
  
 

 

   
   

earlier ‘ _ _ The books and_ wage‘
put away in the big safe the 13151116!’ _&t»_..
and __a quarterpasttwelvoallhondswereﬁlinigv F,

  

gcpm and have lun

 

 

  

  

 

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

‘You can have my pint, for I don‘t drink wine,"

i said Bob.

‘You take beer, don't you?" ' _
mzlgo; Nothing stronger than soda or sarsapar-

‘-It’: just as well. You’re a_ boy yet.”
"1 hope I won't drink anythms stronger when

l§eAttqbeaman."_ . , h
hxghball once in a while wont Urt Y0“-

' You'll have to hold your end up when Y0“'Te ‘Wt

with your friends." — _  _

“I've seen chaps who tried to hold their end
Up, but in the end couldn't hold themselves up.
The spectacle was uuite instructive.”

“They went too far.” _ _

“That's the trouble. When a fellow drinks In
com y he never knows when to draw the Ime-
It’s better not to drink at all.”

By this time t'nev had reached the restaurant

» and Brush led the way in.

"What are you going to do with yourself this
afternoon?" asked
their dessert. ,

“I was going up to Harlem to see what lllﬂd
of lace it is. _

ou can see it any tune. Suppose you come
Alon" with me?"

“Where to?” _ ,

“Elizabeth. Pve got _a married sister there.
and it’: about time I paid her another Vlslt. I ll
pay my. respect to her, Introduce you. and then

good old New York "wt mp-
Per we'll return to ,-
‘Tlinabeth is where the boss has his country
I

gin. t'w§_ can find out where it is and have
I 0 ’ . .
'11] unit}; you, and thank you for the inn-
tation.”g° —

‘Dona  ‘t. The favor in on your Hide.
lot-ygmaregivlinigmethe tof'!0“1"°'

on leaving the restaurant they walked to the

.
E
E
g

Brush, as they were eating "

heard a scream inside of a house they were pass-_ 

me.
''I wonder what's wrong?” said Bob.

A second scream followed and then the front.

door was swung open and a young man rushed
out with a small bundle under his arm.

"Help! Thieves! Help!" screamed a woman.

The young man vaulted the fence and ran up
the street. » ‘

“Help! Stopvhim. he’s a thief!” cried the
woman. coming to the door.

That was enough for Bob. and he started after
the fellow with a rush. Tom Brush followed.
The man with the bundle glanced behind and see-
ing that he was being pursued, put on a spurt,
but Bob was a swift runner and overhauled him
rapidly. The Dace proved too hot for Brush, and
he fell behind.

Seeinrr that he couldn’t outrun Bob, the crook
suddenly jumped 21 low stone wall into an exten-
sive grounds and darted toward the handsome
residence that stood close by. The boy was close
at his heels when he disappeared around the cor-
ner of the house. When “Bob turned the corner
he was surnrised to see no signs of the fugitive.
A low -French window, one side of which stood
open close to the ground, suggested the idea to
the oung messenger that the thief had entered
the ouse in order to throw him 06 the scent’!

‘He won't fool me that way," thought ‘Bob,
who immediately stepped in through the window
himself. .

He found himself in a small room furnished
as a library, and was connected with a wide hall
by a door. Two sides and a half of ‘the apart-
ment were furnished with bookcases, ﬁlled with
books of all sizes and binding, man of them
valuable on account of their rarity in for other
reasons.

Above the boolteases were handsome steel en-
g_ravmgs._ Near the window was a desk and I
mvot cha1r.~

“He has gone_throagh_ that door,’

. tick, Bol_>._ “Perhaps 18 standing on the other side,
a .°¢".“:'.9‘ia5'i‘:..."§§a.°‘ §§’.’a".'.t'x'i'r‘i’»f":§"e""i:.;u."‘i.'i.“u'.‘.‘ The Eng gag};-ggg moggfgigg-g '31- PH av-
 w'" “"1" Aaﬂobwalkedtowardtlaedoorhohcarda

 

  

  

  

Ehings transpired that held him spellbound where

.- e was.

' “Now. Mr. Gaston, we'll get down to business,”
said Gwin, as the broker seated himself at the
desk facina him. “While your sister-in-law and
her daughter were out riding this morning with
you I ﬁxed everything so as to insure the suc-

, cess of the accidental catastrophe. The nearest

'- engine house is a mile away, and I have put the

hydrant on the corner out of business.”

“It seems a pity to destroy this beautiful house,

but I suppose there is no other way," replied the
broker.
' “None that is safe. You treated the young
lawyer so nicely that he has no suspicions as to
the sincerity of the welcome you extended to your
dead brothni-’s wife and her daughter, the heir-
ess._ He will come here to dinner to-morrow, at
your invitation, but if everything works right, he
will ﬁnd only a smoldering ruin, while the corpses
of the two obstacles will be in an undertaking es-
tablishment. That no suspicion may attach to
you, a telegram will arrive about the time we are
at dinner to-night, summoning you to New York
on important business. You will go, leaving me
to earn the $50,000 you agreed to give me to se-
cure you in undisturbed possession of the prop-
erty and the business in Wall Street.”

‘ ‘H conscience smites me when I consider the

terrible death you have selected for your victims."

j ‘My dear Mr. Gaston. there will be nothing

terrible about it whatever. Before the two ladies

retire I will see th. t they are treated to a glass
of sherry. The wine will be drugged, so that

after they have retired they will sink into 9.

es; sleep and will have no realization of
what happens to them afterward.”

“Well. you are the doctor. I have left the mat-
ter entirely to you. At any rate, you will be
well paid, and your conscience seems to trouble
you very little about the way in which you earn
the money," said the broker.

The cashier laughed softly.

‘Corucienee!" he said. “Only a few timid peo-

le are troubled with such a thing in these en-
gghtened days. Has Wall Street any conscience‘!

Do not the kings ﬁnance coolly engineer a

coup in securities which they know wil result

in the ruin of thousands of conﬁding investors?
Do the multitude buy stocks when the market
is ﬂat and rices low‘! No, because they are

' all Street barons have their meas-

prices to fictitious standards to

make the laInbe—I ciall theriﬂn  When
themoneyinagnates ave u oa e at ig prices
what thew purchased at bed-rock ﬁgures, do they
feel compunetion? None in the least. as you
 merely study how to repeat the oper-
ﬂit!!! on a had: lot of the uninitiated. 'l_‘hey
nmni matters so that these same securities
are pressed. If necessary to aceom lish their
purpose they bring on a ic. The in drops
outofvaluea. Everythngtumblea. Thenthese
' a tly rush to the rescue of

‘g natlowngureswhat
ones. Then they are in a
start ball rolling once more in

d groove. Could they do this if their

were tender? Bah! There is nosuch

have Wall Street downﬁne, Gwin,’

    
 
  
  
  
      
  
  
 

  

   
   
     
 
 
  

I
\

.-
.. 3*?-'\¥‘,. ..

""s3o’,’66o Fitoii "A 'N’IdKEL

_ “Why shouldn’t I? I have spent nearly all my
life in the Street. I have not been asleep, I as-
sure you, sir.”

_“In matters of business I'll admit that con-
science plays little part. The pace is too swift
for one to stop and think. It is different in your
case. You have done deliberately to work to mur-
der two unsuspecting persons, and yet your hand
is as steady and your manner as composed as I‘
have ever seen them. You are a most accom-
plished assassin.” -

“Thank you for the compliment,” grinned the
cashier. “I am doing this out of regard for you,
my dear friend. To save you from utter ﬁnan-
cial downfall."

-“Say rather for the sum of $50,000, which I
have agreed to pay you for your services in this
matter.”

‘_‘For both_.. You are useful to me and therefore
it is to my interest to keep you on top. I might
as well tell you the truth. for we are both in-
volved in this case, and may yet be in others that

‘ will not bear too close inspection.’

“Hum!” ejaculated the broker, with an uncom-

fortable look.
_ “Now that the train is laid, and everything
ready for the inevitable. I think I will touch you
for a check for $25,000 as an evidence of good
faith on your art.”

“But, Mr.
this plan of yous. in which case I should be in-
debted to the estate for a large sum which I
never could repay,’ protested Mr. Gaston, who
evidently objected to the “touch.”

“I shall not fail. don't you worry.’

“The best-laid schemes of men sometimes go
astray."

“There is too much at stake for me to take any
chances. As it isn't possible for me to cash your
check before Monday, if by any mischance I
should slip up. I will return it to you. But I as-
sure you that within twelve hours you will have
ample evidence that I have earned the money.’

“Very well " said the broker, reluctantly, ‘I'll
give you the check."

He opened his desk, took out his check-book.
drew up and signed the check, and handed it to
his accomplice. '

"Thanks! Now I shall ﬁnish the business with
an easy mind." said Gwin.

“When do you propose to ﬁre the house?’

“I propose merely to ﬁre the room where the
women are in bed. While were away with
them showing them the nei borhood I soaked
the room with anvi le chemial, which
gives out no smell and dries quickly. It has the
property, however. o ' all it touches
particular-lv tinder-like. The room will burn like
shavings. and two minutes from the time it is‘
ignited willbeaaeaotﬂames. Iwillbeready
to give the alarm at once so that the servants
can escape. I will make a big bluﬂ to save your
new relatives. but. of course, that will be impos-
sililg, and to-morrtlrw morning’: pa will re-
co the melancho particlllrl you so
to breakfast you ould be able to eat with a
hearty agﬁtite, knowin that now you are the
indisputa possuaor all your brother's for-

tone.

“"'I"isabaddeed,butI’vepaaaedtheRubicon
andneedsmustwhentheoldlloydrives. I'm
atraidthatlnevercouldtacethesympathetie

win, you might fail to carry out -'

 

  
 

mplanationofmypresencein

.,‘3t_o doll on 
 ‘outta put in Leon

grins of the boys if I had to abdicate~in favor
of my late brother’s hitherto unsuspected matri-
~'monial partner.”

“Of course you couldn’t, Mr. Gaston, so you

' ought to feel deeply teful to me for coming
to your rescue,” said e cashier.

“Well, the ladies must be wondering what has
‘happened to us. It is wrong for us to throw
them, strangers as they feel themselves to be, 0!‘
their own resources." , ,

"I arree with you, Mr. Gaston. It behooves us
to make their last hours on earth as pleasant
as pomble,’ grinned Gwin. .

As the two men rose and started for the door
there was a sudden crash in the closet.

G

CHAPTER VI.—'I‘he Tables Are Turned on Bob!

The broker and his rascally cashier stopped and
looked at the closet with a startled expression
on their countenances. The sound was the smash-
ing of glassware, and might have been caused

_ b the accidental displacement of some carelesslY
D V‘ article. lllen, l‘l0WI.tEV:, bvévlio have 13:!!!‘
concocting villain’ " y are up nervous,
who; appareiitgueooltiznd lcollec'ted._d G _
" oinething in e c oset, can win.
“I_heged it;  house cats might have
in n.

“:1, ‘ nit bear investigation,’ said the
, cashier. “I don't believe a.’ cat was resptmsible
for the noise, for I hear no further sounds. p”

‘Well, open the closet and see what ha,pP¢“°d-
.. The closet door, however, _to the men: aston-
ishment and consternation, opened of itself and

' , Bob steopedout and confronted them. Knowinz

from their words that discovery‘. was inevitable
the boy decided to act first. 8l"ﬂ'0l'l‘l being
nervoussiidembarraseedhewaaquitecool. He
had heard that which placed both his employer
‘#5 the cashier in his power, consequently he did
not fear what action either might take.

v 1‘Bobl" ejaculated in-. Gaston. aghast. A
“Baker!” exclaimed the cashier, simultaneously-
“Yesgentlunen. Ipmmgﬁywgisﬁngtagd

. :.‘§%.§€:’§f5;§‘°'iil‘i:l.:3“ ”‘°°'"‘ ‘° "° “

ueis‘e»°.’3“f€‘ {?.e"§“£.e ":'i°ie”i'.’§ ;‘.i’.‘.1.’°‘i..,"Ini°'i?t :5
 possiblejsgeudigl then mode In‘
:‘:"A  "You dissed a thief inllefel" 93‘

V ‘chimedtiie cashier. “Ridiculous! But  g

 that oundid. hug thattzou SM? Ellvith him
rush " come ere
‘ mgister. We then walked

l. 1 h or losing the town.
 came.this,_wayp° 0 0 1:9 W91’! 30“ ‘mt

mam

, reargu

.I0\akealookttit."
'3 said,Mr. Gaston.

351': the .3313‘ 1“

 too?’
'Ho.‘:’i"?'-thés.
,Vy .,., ... “A;

’~ r.

 
   

  
   
 

here,andweworecuri-

 

 

v

  
  

‘€35:  -.

$50,000 FROM‘ A NICKEL

_ ways.’

residence‘ looking attho broker.‘

43,- V . . . . . . .5. K

  

“I will explain,” and Bob told how he and ' I
Brush had seen a thief run out of a dwelhn ‘ ,;~ 
on the cross street, how they chased him, an -‘
how he (Bob) had followed him into the grounds,
nlott knowing that he was on Mr. Gaston’s prop-
e .y.
“Admitting all these facts to be true, Why did
you not‘ show yourself the moment Mr. Gaston "
and I entered the room?” asked Gwin. i
b “That” is what I should have done, I admit,

ut

“Well?” said the cashier, sharply. -

“After what transpired in here between ‘ion
two gentleman I am beginning to tliinlt ‘ at
Providence had a hand in bringing me here.” , __

“Indeed!” sneered Gwin. “ ou overheard all ~~:
of our conversation, of course?” .

“Every word,” replied the boy, looking the man ’
square] in the eye. . .

“Wel , what are you going to do about it?"

“That is for you gentlemen‘ to say.” ‘~;

““"li‘Vﬁi:it1; do yognieaii by that'!”th.t be 

a is a in. suppose, you can
bouilgqiit off?" sgid t}l:e brother. h to

“ 0. sir. on even got money enoug
buy me. You must abandon your scheme to set
ﬁre to this houae_for the puﬁe of destroying
two personelwho. it is clear, d in your path,

Mr. Gaston. You ought to be thankful that
heaven ha thwarted your infamous pro)ect by
sendin me heretostopit.~" ~=
_ _eBobwastalking,Gwinwasbusythink-

ing.., _‘He realized that both ‘he and the broke

were in the boy’: power. The lad must be silenced.

He was not in favor of buying Bob oﬂ, su posin

such a thing could be accomplished, an whic

ﬂie _la.d’s ‘words indicated was impossible. The V“ 
cashier saw that his anticipated reward was in
grave peril,_and he did not ropose to loseit
without making a desperate o ort.

Gaston might be wining to throw up the scheme,

Eli): thtatphe facezlo cI_p(}1§'l1l'G, big th%;v.ily cashliefr

P0 1‘0P0ee yie an in . ' e
sacriﬁced would amount to nothing to higﬁzriie.
intended to commit murder anyway, so Bob’; fate
was “gpickly settled in his mind.
to“ . at are we going to do,» Gwin?” asked Gos-

n, in is perturbed wa .

“Do? d'.l‘hrow up the yproject, I suppose, for our‘.
messenger hasus where the hair is short,‘ he
replied, carelessly. _ ‘ 

“If We ziveup the plan can we rely on you to '4
kee th tter ?" said th . '

‘‘§es.e'!Inliave hgcrwgitsh to inju§e'b:s°mk§ 33:22,‘ ‘
re liedltlhe boy. to ten , , ,-,.~‘,,‘ ..

wi raise our dong;-3 l
twelve, and mayke it all right with you :3’ ‘ '

_ “You are not obliged to dothat. I am
ing my silence, '1 am Vin it toyoul
pie robably would _ _ ways of
tobeedyou,butI‘m}iotone the .5
can thoroughly relv on my word! ' 1",: .._

“At any rate I'll have to take it:

‘We can trust him.‘ said. Gwlm "A_'
has no price may be relied on. 
nothing further to be said. We'll.

in vgith‘ a drink and then 

~‘ .

..v«... I. .‘

,:£
. .‘

   
    
   
  
  
 
      
     
     

   

      
   
   
  

  
   
 
 

i""l'§hdon’t drink."‘1replied  '3
to you two If 

 
   

   

I

 
 

  

 
  
  
   
   
   
    
  

I shall notify the fire department that the hyd-
rant on the corner is out of order." '  '
Gwin darted a look of malice at him.
 “Our young friend seems anxious to go,",he
said.’ suavely. “You had better show him out
by the front door, Mr. Gaston.”
‘’“That is unnecessary. I can go out by open-
ing this-window " replied Bob. ‘ _
“Yes, you can. if we‘ letyou," said the cashier.
“Let me'.’_ I don't think you will attempt to
stop me." '
“On second thought. I have concluded that you
are too dangerous to our interests to be allowed’
at "liberty."-
“You will ﬁnd me much more dangerous _to
¢ your interests if you attempt to interfere ‘with
.' me in any w..y. You have my word that I will
' say nothing and I have yours that you Will ve
’ up your villainous scheme. I shall not be an-
";  gerous to'your inter-ests_unless you _make me so,
 so you seeithe. matter 18 entirely in your own
hands. .'_W!ﬁt more can you ask!" .
~ Bob turned to undo the catch oflthe window.
Gwin, with a murderous glare in his eyes, sprang
‘ upon him and bore him to the ﬂoor. ’

what you have learned in this room, young man!"
he hissed, as he gri ped the boy by the throat.

The cashier fou , however, that the strong
'!’.roy»lad was not an easy proposition to handle.

' “Help me, Gaston; this boy must be secured
at all hazard!” cried the cashier. _ ‘'~
- “I thought we had arranged matters with him,”
said the roker, who was surprised
change of front. ., ‘ _
“I am not such a fool'as to trust him, even if
you are. Isn't there something in the closet that
we can tiehim with?’
!','1‘here's a_ curtain cord." ‘
 ~ “Got it and tie his arms while I hold him down.
~ ‘ ,Be quick about it or he'll get away from me.”
‘ _* _ broker, who seemed to be dominated to a
" I 1 " g e extent to the strong will of his ac-.
 sot the cot and proceeded to bind the
«boy’s han sand arms. In a few minutes Bob
was rendered helpless. Gwin then gagged the
,, with his own handkerchief.
 .. ‘ we must get>h.in1 up to that small unoc-
 room on the third ﬂoor." said the cashier.
,j'.‘hoolc out and see if the‘ hall is clear.”
 -Broker Gaston looked ‘out and said there was
yoéone in sight. _ -
“Grab his feet, while I take him la’ thb shoul-
"" said Gwin. “ﬂake haste. e have no
to loose.”

       
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
 
 
  
 
  
  
  

WM

 guest‘ . Gwin partl unbo dsthe
.-ﬁodofliim to the foht-postmd‘! the

-(he's safe for the present," he said.

“You shall-Anever leave this house to repeat‘

« Bob broke his grip and smashedhim in theiface."

by Gwin's'

' sea--tlsainithe two men carried Bob up to.

 me.£ I wantto tall: with you, Gaston." I

. dyed-in-the-‘wool scoundrel.

$50,000 FROM A. NICKEL

Gwin is a
I don't wonder all
d he ﬁ h 1 Pt";
afrai V is guring on carryin out is p an
set ﬁre to the house and burn lglp that lady and
her daughter, who seem to have turned up in an
unexpected way as claimants to the estate left

but he _isn’t ‘in it with the cashier.

the clerks in the oﬁice are afraid of him.

by the late Henry Gaston. If the boss's brother
really had a wife,and daughter, it's funny that
the fact does not aem to be known in Wall Street.
He seems to have been regarded as a bachelor by
everybody. Evidently she must be in a position
to prove her relationship or Mr. Gaston would
not‘ be so anxious to get her, as well as her
daughter, out of the way. Pin afraid I've got
myself in a bad box. If those men decide to go
on‘with‘their plan they will consider it necessary
to do me up, too, in orderyto avoid exposure and
punishment. The way things now stand. I am
unable to have either the ladies or myself.”
In the meantime, Gaston and Gwin had re-
turned to the library.
~ “There’s only one thing to be done." said the
cashier. “This meddling boy ‘must be included in
the conﬂagration."
“I am sorry we didn't let him go. I am sure
he would not have betrayed us," said the broker.
“But we would have had to give up our project
That would mean the loss of everything to you
as well as the reward to me. No. Mr. Gaston,
I have gone into this thing with the intention
of seeing it through, and I'm going 'to do it.’
ii “:36 that» means another life must be sacri-
ce . -
“Well, that's not our lookout. The boy butted
in and must take the consequences. He's an
orphan and no one will miss. him.”
“I'm afraid when his body is found it will lead
to complications."
“There won't be enough left of him to establish
his identity."
“How can you be sure of that?"
“Leave that tome." .
“I see there is no use arguing with you, Gwin.‘
“Not the slightest. I’ve made up my mind to
earn that $50,000, and I'm going to'do it._ You
start for New York when you get that telegram
I’ve arranged to ;have sent, and leave me play
the game alone.”
“If I was sure there would beno ~slip——”
“Look here, Gaston, you ought to know me by
this time. I never do things by halves. This
scheme is too dangerous to take any chances with.’
A sli means a life sentence or the gallows for
us. ‘m not looking for either, consequently I
mean to make a sure thing of-it."

Ten minutes later the rascals rejoined the
ladies in the elegant sitting—rooxn on the second

of thoughts.

        

.. hie? Bob heard «the key turnedgin ner was announced, By that time it was getting g 7 I
I ‘_ and tinge; he thoroughly realized that be dark, 1_3ob, after many desperate elforts, ind up.‘ i 4
- . the power of two on-Bcl'\IP\|l°‘1' ceedcd in I himself from the-cord, and was
K-:7 _ ‘ nowtiguringon wheeouidgetoutoftheroou,
. ---—--— , Ttlﬁedogid: . 
- on oou . dowswas o avenue
 9'“  . .._ opentohim. Heopemdigasdlgasedopg '£'here_ *
  1’ :.to,.do:\Inth._no?. ﬁx. wuno way of eacapihz down  of 
»  armless house, but «min alarms udghtpun»

 
   

   

J

 

  

get‘

i

I-,3\|_-\..r,1 A

$50,000 ‘FROM A NICKEL

to the window of an adjoinin room. That win-
dow W” pa,-tjdjy open to it the air at the

' to them sash of his window an
 gth the otllier hand and one lelthhe
could step on the coping and F83!’ the ° ‘fr
sash. This he proceeded to_d_o and W_38 Pnsggg
standing in front of the adgoinrng window.” the
-he raised the lower sash and stepped In

'dentl occupied b one of the femal.°
mm’ tea“ Crozsi to the oor he found that It
servan .mked, ;f, be walked out into the hall.
I'I:l'oe.:itng the door of the room from whichd he
- ' , sh t th win ow
$33 "1‘.i'£'.‘i.e'§:"a‘i‘.'°“ii’."‘i»e't'.‘.".‘.‘.o‘.i' to "me imn and
lkdth d regain.
°€‘;heneth:.se rascals return Md ﬁnd "'3 2:80;:
they’ll wonder how I made my 93“? ' ﬁf
dmckled. “Now to leave the house and B0 Y
the police."
h 'h d
"e W ~°°*"=“ “":::°.;'.:2'..“.°°:.~.';‘:::. .':..:::..
darted into th'e_ﬁ1'9t

IBIS he I ' . - ' ‘g.

the ﬂoor near the dre881l|8'¢83€ ‘"9 c""""? 5"‘
case. lividently this was the i-oom 21;:
that individual._ tianily had B°b.“° ‘d8 when
“in” i“ the d""l-‘slit °f- mg wmmg ' or out-
.° W are W"  ':'.:.'::.°*:.':;... ...
. inst:-nctiv_ then": M“ a door at his

i

o nod the G091‘
the room. He turnedpeon an eleclmc
was  mo ‘wit’.
robebl ,oatc_ re. .
t occupied by the ladies," he muttzrieg
I'd better take my .-8. Wm,
"" N '-"d M nlmtliizo but
‘lheksme t°h.e9c:enGut:Vnitlh‘o:ztr::‘atahis hac 1“!
ve thrown up his hands and let the
p into everythll|8- d
his suitcase, took out the POP" 3“

. ’ . It shall
 '.‘.2:“.:2..£i:.":?.. .. $3.
°"°" “°““"" ”'‘° '"-°‘‘' t ml hold
' “ii I T "°a§§?'i'§‘ini”.3§xe him
. _ o_
'£§"  and“ myself 0‘ ‘5°'°°°'

” ...

He broke oﬂ as a knock came at the door.

‘_ E ggsérs.
Eiiiiiii‘

. "uocb-nanny. he use the agreement ‘*°‘"‘ °’'

went to the door-
me met, grabbed the agree-
Ac servant told the ell-‘I19’

’ the door open.

- x=""’.'l.“*’§.>'.=:.°‘  

M."fl'.'l‘T-' 0'' ‘I3’:

 

“I had it in In hand a moment ago. Where the '
dickens could {have put it?" .

He looked about on the ﬂoor and everywhere
that he thought he might be, but naturally, he did
not ﬁnd it. And while he was thus engaged, Bob
was watching him from the closet.

“It won't do for me to lose that," he muttered.
“That would incriminate me as well as Gaston.
I must ﬁnd it."

At that moment the door opened and in walked
the broker.

“What is detaining you here? Don't you know
I've got to catch the 8:10 train, and I've barely I
time to make it with the auto?” said Gaston.

“I've misiaid an important paper and was look-
ing for it,” replied Gwin.

“You can hunt for it after I am gone.’

“Well, what do you want to say?"

“I want you to send me a telegram, or .’phone
me at my house the mo nent everything is accom-
plished. I shall be nervous till I hear from you.
Somehow or another I feel as if there was going
to be a slip in your arrangements.”

Gwin laughed in a wicked way.

"Don't you worry, Gaston, there will be no slip.’

“Have you been up to see the boy?’

“Not yet, but I'm going in a minute.’ . , _‘
"9" ‘re’ going to drug im with chloroform, are 
you.

“Yes, and saturate his clothes with the chem-
ical, as well as the lounge on which I shall place
him. No fear that he will ever hear withnesl
against us.”

“Be very careful that your movements are not
noted by any of the servants.’ '

“For them to babble about afterwards, eh? -
Trust me for that."

“Then, goodvni ht. I'm o8.‘

The two rue shook hands and the broker
walked out of the room. Bob was in hopes that
Gwin would accompany him downstairs, but he
didn't. Hewastooanxioustoﬁndthe agreement? ,‘
between him and his guilty partner.

. _I-Iesearched his poeketsagain, moved thetahlo - ‘
aside, and then stood considering, clearly nor
plussed. At that jwicture the door of the cloeet'_
creaked. His sharp ears heard it, and after the .
episode in the library his suspicions were arousedo
.He walked straight to the closet and threw
Bob stepped out and faced 1:3
because he couldn’t do anything else new I
his presence in the. room was disclosed. ’ '

“You——you here!" cried Gwin, fairly staggered. - -
“How did you get out of-—" .  ' ‘

Bob saw that action, no words. wu.his ens. .
thlie shot Eng‘ hijs ﬁst and caught 

a into e aw. windrop led.
ltnocﬁoed out as clean as any pigzi-ﬁghter evq _
was ~ . .:-

 

  
  
   
    
   
  
   
 
   
  
  

     
   

 

5

    
  

CHAPTER VII_I.-—Bgb Ernest"  

   

Bob 1 ked d t the‘fallea;aIan.;
“-N-°”3g‘5rr'°‘3§i? gm mi‘

..

    
  
 

    

 
 

   

 . of the two ladies, as well as my own’, are saved."
' There was a bunch of thin but strong cord in
the closet. Bob got it, turned the rascal over
on his face, and after wrapping a piece of cloth
around his wrists, to prevent the cord cutting
his skin. he tied the man's wrists securely to-
gether. Then he tied his ankles and gagged him
with a towel. .
Leaving the scoundrel on the floor, perfectly
helpless,‘ Bob left the room, lockedthe door and
" put the key in his pocket. _
7 “Now I shall call on hits. Gaston and_explain
7, the situation to her. It is a fortunate thing that
i I have the agreement Mr. Gaston signed, for she
will hardly -credit my story. The paper, however,
will prove that the conspiracy against her is_ a
fact, and that Gaston agreed to pay his cashier
$50,000 to nut her and her daughter out of the
way. Then the check will be found on him when
V the police search him. Better it should be, that’s
*" why I did not search his pockets for it. No
' doubt an investigation by the ﬁre department of
the room occupied by the ladies will show traces
-of the inﬂammable chemical which I heard Gwin
say he had saturated it with. That will be proof
positive of the contem lated crime, and then Gwin
and Gaston will find themselves in a  box.”
Bob walked to the head of the stairs  then
began to wonder which door led into the sitting-
room, While he was considering the matter a
door facing him opened and a quietly dressed
’ lad of perhaps forty came out. She was dressed
in lack, and Bob was sure this was the widow
of the late  Gaston. and the chief victim
of the conspiracy. , . .
“I beg your pardon, madam." he said. “are YOU
Mrs. Hmry Gaston?” . .

  

I  ‘~ “I am," she replied. ,
I “ an I speak to you on a matter of the great-
, est importanc’e‘.’'' " _
: “W111: 798, I suppose so. she_ answered, in
" . some surgiause. “Step into the sitting-room." -
. ‘'§hour _ughter is there, is she not?"
‘ “_ e is. -

 

‘Itbinkyouhadbettercoinedownstairs with
the library as it might be better for her
hear what I have to say."

lady looked more surprised._

I ask your name?" she said.

.._, “Robert Baker.

iuﬂr. Gaston’: omce in Wal
‘ I on wish to see no privately?"

‘.‘ es, ma’am.' ‘

;- “Very well. ‘I will go with you to the library,
[face you wish it.” '
_,Bobledtheway_,andhelpingMrs.Gastonto
" 8 tehair, seated himself opposite to her, aftc

mm: the electric li t. _ _ -

‘ “ I'm afraid th interview is going to
’ 3 you a shock, and that you will doubt the
of the facts I am going to lay before you,
1. ani gzgvided with the proofs
bacfit no. 50813 -, 0 -, ,
y ou astonish me. In this matter then so sen-

shrious, madam.‘ I should say so. It could
 " ea-lou:..Uiitilae‘wminutcsago
atsrrllile. t_h." '

   
    
    
   
   

E88

5‘

   
   
  
     
    
   
 
  

     

  

I am em liged asuniessengeri

ll

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

“That is what I'm about to do. To begin with‘
your appearance, East as the aclmowled

"widow of Henry Gaston, who was supposed by ,

all his- friends as well as his brother to be a

.bachelor, hasmade a whole lot of difference to .

Philip Gaston, my employer, who, until he heard
of your existence, naturally supposed that he
was the heir to all his brother’s property as well
as the Wall Street business."

“I suppose so; but ’I do not intend that he shall
5_1uﬂ’el' t0 the extent that the law allows. It is my
intention to make him a present of the business
in Wall Street which he now is in charge of.
think it is only right that he should have it.‘
Indeed, I am surprised that my late husband
made no such provision in his will.”

“Have you told Mr. Gaston of our intentions?’

“No; I have left that to my awyer."

“I thought he wasn’t aware of your generous
purpose. Well, madam, as I was sayi , your
coming, on the scene entirely unexpectddg, upset
all_of Mr. Gaston’s calculations. Doubtless he
believed he would be stripped of everything he
had taken possession of, and naturally he didn't
like it. So what does he do but tak.e'his cashier
Edward Gwin who is a terrible scoundrel—-"

“Mr: Gwin a scoundrel! Impossible!” exclaimed
the widow. “He is in this house at this minute,
a guest of Mr. Gaston's.” . '

“I know he's here, and I repeat that he is a
scoundrel of the first water, as you will admit
when I haveshown you the evidence proving him
to be such.” .

“You amaze me.” '*

f‘I shall amaze you more in a minute. I was
about to say that Mr. Gaston, your brother-in-
law. took this Gwin into his conﬁdence and agreed
to pay him the sum of $50,000 if he would pre-
vent you and vour daughter from de riving him
of the estate and business of his late rother."

“I cannot believe that Mr. Gaston would do ,

sud: athing. ._.I have found him‘ to be a perfect "

gentleman, and verv solicitous for the comfort
of myself and mychild," said Mrs. Henry Gaston.
“Why have you come to me with such an out-
rageous story—ycn, an employee of -his?‘ she
added, indig-nantly. A
“Madam, I expected you would receive’ my state-

ment in this way, but fortunately I have some- -

thing more substantial than mere words to con-

vince you. Kindly read that paperu It is signed
by Philip Gaston. I can guaranteethat is his
signature."

The lady took the paper and read it over. Its
contents more out_Bob’s statement, but it seemed
so outrageously improbable that Mrs. Gaston
doubted its genuineness and said so.

“\;/:ll, 1 sawmi‘tiin}:r.  hangs nof half
anurago wneaiitwntook
possession of,it. The writing, with the exception
of abs] sibgnaturgi  in G:'ln's handwriting, and
i 3 rev cour
l°:ki'n court " exclaimed the widow, with a startled

“fen, madam. As soon as! have ﬁnished this
interview I  call the police to the house and
give ‘l!r._Gwin in custody. At
prisoner, . '

“Your ' net!’

sobnoldﬂéf

‘. ~..-:-

 
 

I

 i:..:?’£:?  l{3:.‘''‘''‘...._..’ «  

 

present he ‘um! _ '1

L.l€. 

  

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

 

shows the existence of a conspiracy against you manner so earnest, that Mrs. Gaston began to
_Ind your daughter. It shows that your brother- credit its truth in spite of her disinclination to
In-law stands ready to pay his cashier $50,000 connect either her brother—in-law or Mr. Gwin -‘ '1
—-he has already given Mr. Gwin a check for with so infamous a project. . ;
3?5_,000 in advance-—if he can carry out its pro— “Now you know everything, madam, so I will _
Visions. Mr. Gwin has made all his plans to take the liberty of using this telephone on the
do so, and had I not happened accidentally upon desk to communicate with the police," said Bob,
ﬁle scene, this evening would have been your rising. _
last on, earth, and your daughter would have “I what ou have told me is really true, and
met a like fate." it seems to ear the impress of fact, my daugh-
hgyﬁeﬁivenfs. you _ canncéttemean this?” cried the tei; $313 Idowe oiirtlivis to you,”Ksaid thle laady.the
er ace going w l . o, nex 0 eaven. s so ey s
"I’do mean it. Before you retired to-night ‘you sun will rise to-morrow you both would have
were to be invited to take a glass of sherry. he been destroved this night if I hadn't come on
wine was to be dru d. Within an hour you and the scene.” i
X31111‘; daughter woulgebe wholly at Gwin]’(si metrcg. th“T(;1egl yc}u may 133 siire that I shaill not forﬁt
htd'dh'tedtod? It no 0 eetogratitu ». t"t ‘e
to shgd ayoulr blfvolirl !'II‘hat vyould bgodlan erous. to think that my deiid l?:’SebaynC(lJ’S brotihei-elcloiuld
While you and your daughter were out riifing be guilty of such treachery to me, who meant to
With Mr. Gaston this morning, Gwin went into do the right thing by him.”
Your room and soaked the apartment well with “When he learns the truth he will curse the -
In inﬂammable chemical, which would cause it to day he called his cashier in to help him. Of the
burr; Hke tinder, He went to the crime: ﬁnd pizt awe; Gwin is ten tiigeshthe worst. gdain surge lMr.
re-pl ut f b siness, so as 0 ma e ma - as on never wou ave conceiv , muc ess
tars sure. “All oroabollit Igidnlglllé 1;; intendecfiirto gifsigeiecaig-;:da%i3t,ts::h at fiendish schiemetas the
88 into ur room some ow an i on e. r 11 pa in o execu on 0 gain
In ﬁfteenyoininutes you and your dau hter would $50,000’
1); in 8 sea of 5,9, and hem drugs would give 'lhe telephone book lay on the top 0 the desk,
no sign. Your death wou d be absolutely cer- and Bob looked into, it. for the num' r of the t
tain, and the cause apparently an accident. Mr. police headquarters. When he found it he asked *
gtzston would then be in no danger of losing his to as c‘t)>3:iee“cteda u?eVeg'a the writreullie told ?‘e man ,.- ‘
thffrt 3’ ' a e. _en  repaie_arso epro- '
. “Hy l3iea(i,re:inl?' exclaimed Mrs. _Henry Gaston. lected incendiary purpose of Cashier Gwin which 
king as if she was going to faint._ I cannot he had blocked. He asked that oﬂicers he sent a . W "
lleﬁeve that Mr. Gwin wogld be guilty of such. Boegglgmcggr gfsghg grisonsr. and that the Fire 3
. . ,, ' e ‘em
‘ Egzhlblfilldege ieire sgewliﬁnelin emissary of the evidence. He was pi-oini:li_l pen to 1‘
ﬁte department, whom I intend to send for, has Mm Henry Gaston remained in the room while
made an investigation of your room and also of he" used the. Wile. She was much dealressed lg
we h=~r~=...,;~" i i*ia..°*P°:i:°.:.*e-  ii. ,   

"T . ‘ up eiver i won t *~

“flew did ‘§':3°3ome to learn all these facts?"_ selygna nyle-Ssaﬁe for her to her lawyer.-  
B°.,ked_ had . wed Er beth; ice gchlgaéxnhlaiggggam I»-am entirely at your serv-'

\ b I 'ned Ii he visi 118 .: . . - _ _ -
With wipe? the cl);-ks of the office, and ham. _ Hlsﬁame 13 G¢°1‘8°,GB1'dh€F. I-n,d llellves with
Vdiile taking ‘a walk to see Mr. Gaston’ h_ouse,. his motherat the Endico_tt_Hote_l, in Eighth ave-,
“W-'3 had chased a thief, whom he (Bob)_ had fol: hug. hYou can connect direct. with the house by.

into the ands, He then explained why telcp one. 'lell_ him that I wish him_to come out"
he entered the ‘bi-ary and hid in the closet. 4 here at once without fail. Assure him that it is.

_. ~“Th_at was a most fortunate thing gfyol‘ 22% |11‘3'§?lt- 1}?!" !I0w_r,eturn to my daughter, 

Jludain, and your daughter, he wention. our .ric)i;i ess ‘is wondering where I have gone, . 

i ‘we, " “:"-""5." *.::::..':'s. "G" *° "3: :0... 32.2: 3. t:i*2::=.i.i'::- -;z:::* i:is;:m:.e«

 0'] e y purpose " case. I will introducg  inyadaughteer. 
‘  0 M" *:.‘:..*;‘:.::*i'.; i :i:‘i:*i°.:i:.":;‘  ”'°‘*'*"*‘ °*'“e“~ r“ s
<>5:w3.rd all ﬁ§:;,pla;m'Th§:' ,Bob bowed and the lady left the room. i ‘ ’

y iscowm 18 7399'‘ I . '~' , V -
him out, how was taken:
and lock in a room

§'

  
  
   
   
    
    

\

      
        
     

 

‘ ‘ . . . ' I .4» .‘

. _ « cuarrsa IX,—-The Jailing of Gaston and cuss.

‘ 1 93,31‘ §f{‘f§‘,¢:,'3‘ ynil Bob immediately called  

,,v _ — ' *3  asked to be connected with Endicatt of
-‘ V" 0“ am on r n * New York City, over the loﬂ£~diP“."‘,‘  V

   
    
 

I

       

       

    

 

. hops ouwillund

“Tom doubtless came to the conclusion that the
thief led me a long chase when I did not rejoin
hi.m, and he went back to his sister's home, trust-
ing I would ﬁnd my way there. When I didn't
turn up in a reasonable time he doubtless re-
turned to the city alone, concluding that as I was

' a stranger in Elizabeth I couldn't find his sister’s

house, %nd We_Il|1t baclxheto New Yogkhonnigiy <;‘wn
‘om wi get surprise 0 is e w en
I‘? lslees the facts  the papers. dAnd perluﬁps:
a Street won't surprised to iscover w a
a rascal Broker Gaston has developed into. Well,
this world is full of surprises, pleasant and other-
wise.”
Tinbg-ia;ll:'ng-ling! rang out the telephone. Bob
e receiver.
“Ii‘Iello, is this the Endieott Hotel?"
54 an
‘£111 Hr. George Géirdner in! I _:sh to speak
to imonamattero urgentnecessi ."
‘Hold the wire and I will see.” came the reply.
In a few minutes a man’s voice asked who was
°n“Are;lou Kr. Gardner!’ asked Bob.
‘Yes.
‘This is Hrs. Gaeton’s residence in Elmaheth.'
“Ah, indeed? Does Mrs. Gaston wish to talk

' with me?". -—

“Sh: wishes you to come right out here without

y.
“She does?’
‘Yes. A matter of grave importance has hap-
and she must see  _ "
“All right. I'll come out if! can get a tram.
“Come by trolley if you can't get here any
other way. - _ \
“It must be something serious."
‘Itisvery serious,Iassure you._ _.
‘Tell Hrs. Gaston I will come without fail.
2.11 right. Good-by.”_ _ .
lob hung up the receiver and left the library.
‘bro minutes later he was in the sitting-roo
 to a renmrkably pretty girl
whose name was Edna Gaston. She
looked nervous and distressed, like her mother
.5.  telling her what she had learned
from .

‘lamina says you saved our lives, and so I
' that we are very, ve
ulto andthatwenevorwilltorgetitg

said
"“['hat’|gnl'Ight, Miss Gaston. It'sasatisfac—
tiontomotoknowtliatlhavebeenofservioo

3. yo‘,-' "plied Bob, much" impressed by her many

attractions. ‘At that moment a servant

“If you plaIse,'muIn. there are menat the door,

‘N asking for Mr. Baker,’ sha said. ,
. .9‘I'llgodownandseethem," said Bob.
e‘ downstairs and

Hswent themenin.
“Idiscovered a eonspiracyqn the partoftwo

f‘ In his
-=-°-'-.°-'°° ' 

E
i
5
5
5

  

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

“Well, I want you to inspect the room thor-
oughly to secure evidence against the rascal who
is a prisoner. Follow me,’ said Bob.

b°The three men accompanied him to the ﬂoor
8 V8.

“Mrs. Gaston, will you show this man your I

.room so he can look it over?" said Bob, opening

tlierhs‘i'3ttin%'-room door. d led th th

wi ow came out an ewayto o
apartment occupied by herself and her dau.ghte_r.
Bob and the three men entered it. The electric
light was turned on and the  on com-
mencgd. ._Evidence of the pro)’ crime was
soon ortheoming.

“This room has been converted into a regular
ﬁre-ttrap.” said the inspector from the ﬁre depart-
men

The lady was soon convinced, if she hadn't been
before, that she and her daughter had had a very
narrow acape.

“I will now give the rascal I caught into your
custody," said Bob to the policeman “His name
is Edward Gwin. and he is cashier for Phili
Eaiteorn‘ this lady’: brother-in-law, a New Yo

ro .

He took the omcers to Gwin’a room and the
man was found sitting on his bed with his legs
free, malging desperate elforts‘ to release his
bound wrists. He spra up when the oﬂicers
were let in by Bob and at all hands.

“There is your prisoner,’ said the boy, “take
charge of him."

“Arrest me!" roared the cashier. “What for?’

“Attempted arson,” said Bob.

“You must be crazy to charge me with such
a crime. This is some put-up job. I charge that
boy with assault, officers. request that Hrs.
Gaston be salt for.”

“Mrs. Gaston knows all about your attempt on
her life and that of her da ter. She has no
wish to see you,’ replied Bo . ,

One of the oﬂicers cut Gwin’s wrists free. Ho
was then told that he was under arrest and must
accompany them to the police station.

‘This is a most ridiculous accusation. I an
the friend of Mr. Gaston, the stock broker of
Wall Street. and cashier of his oﬁioe." said Gwin.

“You will have the opportunity to defend your-
self before the magistrate in the morning,’ said
one of the policemen. .

Gwinfoundtliathehadtogqandﬁobwent
with the Partvtomahethe indue form.
Ho-had an interviqv with the puty chief, to
whom he told his story and showed the agree-
montsurnedbytheb .Theoﬂioerdeeided

makeauystatement.
Hewasthensenttoth

i
i
E
5

‘ai.a....aa..;‘ +2}: }..3.r.i.° ..  ;..«:aE:$ea..‘*’£

‘.1
_ .
S}
v

  

50,000 FROM A NICKEL

with his accomplice. ‘Mrs. Gaston appeared {'0-
luctant to push the case against her brothei-in-
law, but her- lawyer asserted that _Gwin_co1lld
not be dealt with without incriminating his em-
ployer, and that the law must be allowed to take
its course. ~

As it was quite late when the conference e_nd
both‘ Gardner and Bob were invited to remain
night, and they accepted. Next morning they SP"
pegged in the m_agistrate's court, which was held
on Sunday to dispose of arrests made the after-
noon and night before. _

Gwin was held under heavy bail for tire nctlqn
of the Grand Jury, and Gaston was also held in

{New York at the request
than-ities. Bob and Lawyer Gardner then
for New York together.

“Pin afraid the olllce will be on the  _t0-
morrow with the cadiier and boss both in 1811:"
aid the bo!- _

“.2 :5‘ ‘*5: “.4: W“ :3 %:':.?. “raw” 
no at e urrogﬁ '8 _ 3 59¢
order uptake charge of the business on behalf
of the testator-'a widow," said the lawyer. _ _l.
willthensecureacoinpetentmanagertorunit.

“The story will he in all the papers in the
morning, and all Wall Street will read the facts.
Itwillrmr-ktheﬁnishofPhilipGastoninthe
Street."

“He deserves all that's coming to him.‘ I never
heard of such a terrible piece of rascality in my
life. That man Gwm seems to have got murder
down to 'a ﬁne art. It makes my_blood run cold
when I think of the fate he designed for Mrs.
Gaston and her daughter. Young man, you have
done‘ a fine thing for yourself in saving  life
at my client. She'll see that youl are suitably
rewarded.‘ .

‘I don't want any ‘reward, Mr. Gardner. I
ﬂouldrefuse it ifitwasoﬁeredtome. lhav’e
thine nothing more than was my duty, and I don t
take nay-for that.” I“ be

‘Hrs. Gaston won't oﬂer you pay, but she _

a good friend to won henceforth. A real friend
isanexcellentthingtohaveinthiswor-ld." _
‘ “I shall be glad to accept her friendshi ," said
, Bob, thinking about the fair ‘Edna, “and e may

my services at any time.‘
.HeandthelaWyersoonafterparted,andBoh
reached his boarding house in time for dinner.
‘When he came down to breakfast next morning

 

of the Jersey City 511- .

 

17

take me to Elizabeth on Saturday afternoon. You
were the unconscious means of saving the lives
of an estimable lady and a very charming girl,"
said Bob.

“I was!"

“You were. If you hadn't taken me over to
Jersey I wouldn't ave been in the position to
block the boss’: villainous scheme."

“Tell me how you happened to get on to it?
Where did you chase that thief to after I lost
sight of you? Did you catch him?’

“I did not. He got away in some slick man-
ner after I had chased him up to the Gaston
house.”

Bob then started to tell Tom his story in detail,
and while he was doing so two other e erks came
in. They had read the morning. paper too, and
were just as paralyzed as was om. hey were
amazed to learn that the late Henry Gaston had
been a benedict on the quiet, and particularly
were they astonished to see the new messengers
name connected with the story of the crime en-
gineered by Mr. Gaston and his cashier. They
crowded around Bob and listened to what he was
tellinieBrush. The rest of the clerks entered

d t , too, gathered around the hero of the
newspaper account.

When he ﬁnished they bombarded him with
numerous questions. No one thought of going to
his desk, for as the cashier would not be on hand
the big safe could not be opened to get at the
books and papers, consequently there would be no
work done until somebody came who was a
to open things up. Pretty soon broke '
anees’ of Mr. Gaston, who had‘read the story in
- great wonder. began dropping in to End out fur-
ther particulars. Bob was the only person who
could satisfy their curiosity, and he held quite a
levee in the private room for an hour or more.

d

E
'<
.;
8:
E
*3
E;
B‘
i
1
S;
as

al‘l. great out i a Bob remain
W i La Gardner
J%,s:i;::s$.n?"

w ‘car was his departure f
to see Mr. Gaston. That gentleman
held without bail to await the
Jersey authorities.

He furnished the lawyer with
of both safes. the to his p ‘
duplicate key to the one. Gardner
turéiiedtothteheoﬂlcean setthecl_
pu ng second bookkeeper in
cashier for the presen with th 
his holding the lob rig t along. 
went on as before. and Bob
When the Exchange closed or the day,’
was up another half ‘ t.
that his lucky nickel was pointing the wa 
ths$50,000,aadhswenttohhioazdkg‘ '

3; 5;
fig! 1%
z 513;;
3E§sS

   
   
  
   
 
 
  

{iii
'33‘
ggigzﬁigg

nlrsood.

-;§—

 
 

‘ *3

 

  

CHAPTER X.——Bob Makes Two Hauls
v in the Market. -

When he came downstairs to dinner he dis-
eoveied that he was an object of great interest,
to the boarders. They all knew that he was-
Philip Gaston’s messenger, and the story in the-
paper had enlightened them as to what had oc-
curred in Elizabeth on Saturday evening, and‘
the part he had played in the affair. By degrees.
they began to question him about the matter. He
had little to say, referring them to the news—-
paper account as containing all the important,
particulars. He said that as an employee of .the
oﬂice he did not care to discuss the case at 11.
. Next morning business went on at the o ce
1 as usual. Mr. Gaston, after a consultation with

his lawyer, agreed to waive any opposition to
appearing voluntarily in Elizabeth, as a detective
took him to the town and delivered him to the
police there. He was brought before the magis-
‘.rate and Bob was taken to Elizabeth by Mr.
Gardner, to appear against him. He was re-
leased on a heavy bond, which he succeeded in
procuring, and during the afternoon he got bail
for his cashier. 'l'hat- evening Gardner held a
conference with the recreant broker, and an ar-
t was made by which Mr. Gaston was
allowed a reasonable time to vacate the house on‘
East Seventy-second street. Mrs. Henry Gaston
voluntarily agreed to allow him an annuity out of
the estate, and would not have prosecuted him lf~
she could have avoided doing so. ‘
That matter wiis out of her hands, so the
chances were ﬁne annuity would do the broker
very little good for several years to come, as he
would certainly be convicted when brought to trial -
with Gwin. During that week A. & C, advanced .
to 94, sndbegan to attract some attention. On
Monday morning it opened at 95 and then went

‘to 99 noon. Bob met Will Sparks in front '
o the Ex about that hour.

7"! told you my tip was a winner," said Will.
‘It will soon be up to par." ’

“Shall I sell out, then?" asked Bob.
~ “I wouldn*t be in a hurry. Keep your eyes on

; . it. ,_ Wait till_ the boom is well on and then set

out. '

‘When will that be?” _ .

u‘o.tp1gke1'yd‘1b9yt $emorrow._n'l'he momng pt;
pa-3 stock .W1 go seve poin
-.sbov:”ropar.e_3l think from the present outlook it .

willliesafetoholdontillit
, trouble is that you never can l_what’s going to
2 -happen in Wall Street. When. things _look bright-
est the clouds may be gathering behind, and be-
.fore ‘you know it the storm is on with a swoop
,that takes your breath away. The only int 1
.un tell you is not to wait for the last ollar.”
do u mean by the last dollar?”
~ ou_too_longinhopeofmakingall
 isinsight.'
."In other words, it's dangerous to be hoggish.”
' lfapersoncouldoniytellthe
moment to sellout he could nearly always
out of his deals.’

.;;.v\_A. -,

  
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
      
  
  
    

5?:

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

',‘Bet your life!" replied Will, who then said he
had to be getting back to his oﬂice.

“If it goes to 105 and I sell out at that price
I'll make nearly a thousand dollars," he told him-
self, ‘and Wil will get nearly double what he
expected."

Next morning, soon after the Exchange opened
A. & C. took a bound upward and went to 106
in no time at all.

When Bob went to the board room with a mes-
sage to the broker who was now attending to the
business of the house, he saw the price on the
blackboard. He also saw that there was great
excitement around the pole of the stock.

“I guess this is the time for me to sell,” he
thought, “and I'd better do it before I return to
the oﬁice."

While he stood waiting for the broker to come
up to the rail, the price advanced rapidly to 107.
When he left the Exchange it was up to 107%.
He hustled up to the little bank and told the
margin clerk to close out his deal. When he got
back to the oﬁice he heard one of the customers,
who held the tape in his ﬁngers, say that A. & C.
was up to 107%. His stock was sold at 107%, as
he found out next day, and his proﬁt footed up
$1,055.

When he collected his money he turned over
$105 to Will Sparks as his share of the transac-
tion. That lett him $950 ahead, which, added to
the money he had found, raised his capital to‘a
little over $1,500. A day or two afterward he
received a note from Mrs. Henry Gaston, inviting
him to spend Saturday afternoon and Sunday
with herself and her daughter. He accepted the
invitation with pleasure, invested in a new suit
and other ﬂxilgsfor the occasion and went over.
The lady's automobile met him at the station and
he rode out in style.

He received a warm welcome from the young
lady and her mother, and then he and Edna
Gaston took a ride around the country in the auto,
returning shortly before dinner was announced.

Next day he and the young lady spent most of .

their time in each other’s coinpan and appeared
to be quite taken with one anothel-. He received
an invitation to come out on the following Sat-
urady, and he promiesd to do so.
following week, Mr. Gaston removed his personal
belongings to a bachelor apartment house not far
from the one he had been living in at the same

n time his brother died.

On the following day he rendered a partial ac-
counting of the estate while it had been in his
‘on. He completed this accounting the

possessi
succeeding week, and the ﬁgures showed that he’

was indebted to the estate several thousand dol-
lars. He might have covered this up one way
or another, as Gwin advised him to do, not he
didn't seem to care since he knew he was facing‘
a long term in the State Prison at Trenton, be
cause conviction seemed certain. Gwin, on his
part, didn't intend to stand trial if he could help
it. His purpose was to jump his boil a few days
before the trial and light out to parts unknown.
He was not conﬂding his intentions to Gaston, be-
cause the broker, having got bail for him, would
certainly put up a strenuous objection. Before
lesvingthecityhehopedtobeabletogetsquan
with Bob, whom he regarded as the peso

During the‘

   

 

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL 19

wholly respomible for  failure of their pro-

ject." ‘After Illr. Gaston’s evacuation of the Sixty-u ‘

second street house it was put in the_ hands of
§.’.§"..“f.‘€° :23 °i°°°,,.e.""t°.‘i';.‘1°i2"t'.‘.'.‘.‘f§‘i.I‘e"' ‘I’-‘.i’“. “J2
n .
two weeks it was ready for occupancy again, and
then Mrs. Gaston ‘and her daughter, and the serv-
ants at the country place, moved in. They had
no furniture to bring with them as all the fumi-
ture and ﬁttings of the house remained there.
'l'h£_y had b‘rlitevl<:‘_ been _used to sbiich grailid 
1-om. , l e e
assumlglgsno airs m @8::sbut  down
to enjoy life in their improvedsituation. Tl:
$351?’ ‘“°'E?§.§’£2¥ §‘.’.%"m°§“£§k‘L? “o‘s"§of§“se
with wezlytzr at their disgoaal' they ‘would soon
have all the friends they  though it didn't
ailorvevd that tlheae new acquisitions would all be
attic e.
_ It was about this time that Bob, who was pic}!-
§ 3.5.’: “'u.".z‘ §"§§§a§1§¥§ lid‘ £§e",§“:f.‘1‘-.‘..°.;a"‘€.§
e
corner and boom N. 5 R. shares. The _stock was
then ruling at 72, which was low, and on looking
22$‘ =*"°*';'5*.°;°;;':o "°..:°“:'.;! ":*‘..“::.“:.;‘»’3£
between . c0 118 Y. e 0 _
this waaagoodchsnce for hini_toadd tohis

boughtten shares on the strengthof Bob's state-
ment. Attheend_ofthefollo' weekN.&R..
which had slowly advanced to 7 . took a sudden-
Jumgito 80. The brokers began to get busy with
it, y'ng and selling on close margins. The
lambs began to nibble, too, and the price con-
tinued to go up an ei th at a_ time, with in-
creasing operatiouia. ext day it became the
lliahi point of interest at the Exchange, a crowd
hovering around the standard during business
laiura, and it advanced to 85. Bob consulted with

uwillastowhctberhehadbettersellthcnornot.

‘It will stand me in a profit of nearly $2,000 if
-'15., going to hold on for 90,- said-Will. ‘'1

Wall

D mad.
" ' Nassau d into the li bank.
V am ha an went .

deal closed out immediately.
later, while Bob was sitting in
marhettiiokoaaniddenslumpand

   

N. 8 R. auﬂered more’

    
   

‘giello, Bob! So" you're caught, too, eh?" he
sai .
“I hope not.”
“Hope not? Why, the stock is down to 76." _
“Suppose it is. I bought it at 72, so I can’t A
lose, anyway." }
“I bought my ten shares at 74, so I may win '
$25, but if I'd sold out in time I'd have made.‘
at least 8125. Hard luck, isn't it?" ‘
ll es-I .I
“You have 150 shares and ought to make over "
$500 if the price doesn't break when the market"
opens."

“I've got nothing to do with the market in the ‘ -

morning. I gave my order to sell about twenty’
minutes before the slump, and I've come around
£0 see”if riniynsotiock was sold at the then ruling —_
sure. . ' 
;‘('1I‘he  align ‘slay!’ cried ‘Vliill. u‘:If you
so t ' to
   .3“
“ o t w was
last at“ eExch ,soIhastenedtoget out
from under, iiotwi standing what you said about
the probability of it going to 90. You see, it
didn't go to that re.’ _
3¥°‘”° “.li‘:°.‘i.?' "1' 1"‘ ‘$3.’; .?I.L°i‘."‘i°:..
on can no on
lieveitwill inake%,000formsyet.justaal‘
dreamed.’

“ltuis likelytoifluckcoatinnestobreskyoiir,

y.

Bob then spoke to the margin clerk and ascer-
tained that his share: had been sold at the
ofthemarketandthathehadmadeoversal .

“How much will youbeworth whenyvu%‘
in?” asked Will as they walked out of the li

“How much? About 38,700.’ *
‘You're going some since you came to Wall
Street.” ‘ '

“Yesi I'm doing pretty well.’ ,

“Youve done one thing that no other messen-
ger can boast.’

‘What's that?’

‘Put your boss out .0! business,’ laughed Will.

‘No, he put himself out of business. I merely
spoiled his scheme.’

Then Bob said good-by and jumped on s Broad-
way car.

CHAPTER XI.—The Burglary.

The Grand Jury returned an indictnientphai-E
ing Philip Gaston and Edward Gwin with e
tempted murder and . and the district at-
torney of Union Conn proceeded to'eet_ a day =
for their trial. Their lawyers were notiﬁed to
deliver the men in the criminal court at the town
of Elisabeth on a certain_ and the lawyers
in turn  Wltgo‘ ﬂee men. “(int gs
afternoon of v the! news s
day_ of their trial was close at hand. Gaston and

    

 

 

  

  

  

"'»I‘.lf 4'14 A

20

term, or are we going to jump our bail and
disappear from our customary haunts for good?"

“If I had th money to make good my bail bond
for I still have a sense of honor, I'd step out and
let the police try and ﬁnd me," replied the ex-
broker.

“In my opinion, charity begins at home. We
are bound to protect ourselves even if our friends
are the losers thereby. What's $10,000 any way
to the parties who went on our bonds? They
can better afford to lose the money than we can
aﬂ'ord to go to prison." -

Gaston said nothing. but gazed moodily at the
pattern of the rug. ‘

“It's tough for a gentleman like me to have-
to don prison stripee—to become a jail-bird,” he
sai after a pause.

“ why submit to it? Look here, Gaston,
we're both pretty well stra but I think 1 see
away of iahingour‘ ‘said Gwin._

“How?” asked his companion. -

‘I haven’t been asleep since we failed to accom-
plish that little Job at your late brother’s country
home. I won’t call it your country place, for as
matters have turned out it never really belonged

to I
‘WE?’ said the ex-broker, impatiently.

"I learnedto-day, how it doesn't matter, that
estimable sister-in-law received through her
lawyer a considerable sum of money at her house.
This money is doubtless locked up in the wall
safe at this moment, with other valuables that-

.’ could-be converted into money. When you turned
the house over to thehwyer u gave him the
ey the combination of at safe, but one.
do  thathtblere wafs a
- plica’ te in your possession w ic you‘ or-'
.’ got to hand over. You doubtless have that key
Now if tliecsrabination hasn't been changed

j%
21
E
E
5-3

.- ‘I see your drift. Your idea is to secure funds
If enough to enable us to square ourselves with our

gig for parts unknown?" _ _
- . Gwin nodded, although he, on his part, did not
' intend to make good the amount of his bail bond.
He was a thorough unprincipled rascal, and it
as the unluckiest day of his life that Gaston

  
   
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

he did do us u b accident. It may
chance to Each at him. It would
of satin action to sew his mouth
him most heartily."
olrjectedGaston;'iflgoinwith u
there musti be “.20 murder‘-. d9 e
enough n mire. n’t
chance of the electric_chair."
We want money

MIW'.l’.l

Z; ‘ bondsmen and to provide us with money to leave ,

I

will I‘.'!

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

“High when of the first water. They will
share one-third of the between them. One
of them is a safe expert. e will bring his tools
to use in case the combination has been changed.’

T_he two men talked for some time over the
projected Job and then went out to an early din-
ner. That dav Bob received a tip that a certain
stock, called D. & L., was going to be boomed
shortly. He knew he could rely on the informa-
tion, so he bought 300 shares of it at the ruling
figure of 80. He put his deal through after
leaving the oﬂice for the day, and then he took
an delevated train uptown on the Third avenue
roa .

He got off at Fifty-ninth street station and
walked over to the residence of Mrs. Henry Gas-
ton, where he had been invited to a quiet dinner.
He expected to stay there all night, as the lady
and her daﬁhter were going to Brookl to visit
a new fne _, and would not return til the fol-
lo_'wing morning. Bob found Edna waiting for
him, and they enjoyed a pleasant chat before they
were called downstairs to dinner.

“You mustn't let any one run away with the
house while we are away,” smiled the girl at the

table.
“I will try not to. I think u will find it here
when you get back. Don't eave any of your

diamonds around loose, for the temptation might
be too eat for me to resist.’

“We aven't many diamonds or 0 er precious
stones yet, but those we have we shal carry with
us. However, there is $10,000 locked up in our wall
safe, toﬁther with some securities of no great
value. other has the combination and the key.
She inightlst-you have both if you ask her.’ ‘

- ‘Thank you. I would prefer not to be burdened.
with the responsibility,” laughed Bob. ‘There are
lotsolvalsablethingsinthehousethatwould

.oﬂ'er a ﬁne haul for an accomplished house-

breaker. I presume it is to protect them that
you have asked me to sleep here tonight?‘

‘Yes.’ said Ira. Gaston, ‘that is the reason
we have asked you to stay here. The servants
sleep at the top of the house, and if thieves broke
in they would have a clear ﬁeld below. You will,
therefore, sleep in my room on the second ﬂoor,
as a protection to the lower part of the house.’

“It 'ves me great pleasure to be of service to
you, rs. Gaston."

“We appreciate your kindness greatly and shall
not forget it."

Dinner over, the ladies got ready to go. At
eight'o’clock a cab came to the door and they
departed in it, leaving Bob to amuse himself
among the books in the library till he got ready__
to go to bed. He found a book that interested
him greatlv and he read for a long time. The
servants went upstairs to bed and the house be-
came silent. _

The street was a quiet one, and the noise of
the surface cars on Madison avenue did not 
as far as the house. Bob was used to some noise
at night, for his boarding place was near enough,
to Sixth avenue for him to hear the rumble of
the elevated trains when they passed. The silence‘
of the house and neighborhood presaitly had a_,
somnolent effect on his nerves, so that before 
suspecteditseﬂectonliimhenoddedoverliis'
book and ere long fell asleep in his chair, with

the electri -light t hi '69.‘ _
V‘_'_H_ehadbeuiasl:_spf:r“'aeoualeofhounwh. 

  

   

he awoke with a start. He looked _at.the7gi1t

clock in one comer and saw that it-was; nearly

one. , —

“I’ve been asleep, th_at’s clear,” l'le_ muttered,
‘and have been wasting‘ the electricity. Its
 h time I turned in.'_’ ' _ _
 e turned of.‘ the light and started for his
‘bedroom. _ ’ _

- As he stepped out into the hall he heard a noise
in the sitting-room. It was so suspicions that he

. opened the door and looked in. Three men were

‘ there before the safe two wearin derby hats-
and the other a silk tile. Thelatter e recognized
as Philip Gaston. Then he identified one of the

0 aﬂers as Edward GWIIL The third was a stranger
tokim. The presence of these three in the house
staggered him, for they had no right there and
their purpose could not be honest.

— "They are going to make gn attempt on the
ﬁe,’ he thought. “While they are enga _ed “I 11
return to the library and telephone the po ice.

- ‘ He was about to shut the door and start for

' the library when he was suddenly seized from be-
hind and pushed into the room by a smooth-faced
young man with a cap. The three men turned
at the sound and beheld Bob struggling in the
grasp of the man they had left outside on the
watch. Gwin Jumped forward and grabbed Bob.

‘ “Gag and bind this chap, quick!" he said.

1 The other man in the derby joined in the stru -
gle, and in a few minutes Bob was helpless, wit
his arm; behind him and a towel tied
around his mouth.  ‘

“So, young man. you woke up and heard us,
Elie?’ said Gwin. in a vicious tone. “So much
worse for you! Gaston and I owe you a
do!» that maybe I'll pay before we leave the
house. Let him lie on the ﬂoor till we get through.
Not in here. but outside in the hall, and you stay
and watch‘ him, Burke." to the chap ‘_Wltl1 the cap.

‘ It didn't take the men long to get into the safe.
for the combination had not been changed, and
Gaston had the key to it. Gwin took a tin box
out of the safe and as there was nothing else
of any value in it they shut the door and re-
locked it.

' ‘.‘The bov has ized us, Gaston," said the
ea-cashier. “We ouﬁt to pickle him so, he can’t
live us away."

' “There is only one way of silencing him effec-0

. t_ually,.and I object to that," ieplied the e:_:—broker.
 _?"l'liere is. another way. We'll take him away

gimtli us in the cab and make s_prieonei- of him.
Then he won’t be able to inform on us until after
we-have ‘left the city." _ '

’ ‘Where shall we take him?" asked Gaston.

j “Pl! attend to that. Come on.” -
' " He laid his hand on theedoor and was aston-_
ﬁlms to and it locked. V ,
‘‘What’s the -meaning of this?‘ orted the ex-
«ﬁg, angrily. “Burke wguldn’ have locked

 
       
   

‘..‘I‘don't  " Ii said. 0
A ‘: yon’ve.‘¢0tetools that’ll‘ open

 
 

i 0 expert

itsuehtliingu.
.9: V .

$50,000 FROM A NICKEL

irascals started to walk out they found their way

 triedthedi liimselfand trim’
‘Enigma oor‘ saw‘ an

the other 'ln8‘l'l.~' “Gets
um door saith‘,-
and, side will be

21:
jiffy. He pulled the door open and as the three H
obstructed by a pointed revolver in the hand of

Bob Baker. the lad they supposed was their pris
on_er under the ‘eye of Burke.

CHAPTER XII.——Caught Off His Guard.

The reader will naturally wonder how Bob. v

who had been tied and gagged and left outside
the door in charge of Burke, got free and was
in a position to turn the tables on the rascals. It
happened this ,way: One of the female servants
upstairs had been unable to go to sleep, owing
to a headache. At the moment of Bob's capture
she got up _to look for a bottle of stuff she used
to alleviate her trouble. Not ﬁnding it on her
table she recollected she had left it down in the
kitchen.

She started down to get it, and Burke heard
her stepson the-stairs. He immediately started
up to waylay and secure her from iving the
alarm. The moment he left Bob the y began
tugging at his bonds, and as they had not been
well tied he was free inside of a couple of min-
utes. Then he tore the towel from his mouth.
The ﬁrst thins! he did was to lock the sitting—room *
door. Takini; oﬂ’ his shoes, and carrying the cord
and the towel, he followed Burke upstairs and
found him struggling in the dark with the stout.
cook. He took a hand in the scrimmage and
pulled the rascal off the woman. 4
‘ “Now, Mary, tie him while] hold him ” he said.

The cook, who was a pugnacious Iris woman, ‘
lost no time in doing what the boy told her, and
when she had his arms tied Bob gagged him.

- “Now stand guard over him,” said the young
messenger. “There are three more downstairs
whom I h..ve locked in the sitting-room.”

“Three more. is it?’ pod the cook. 0

“Yes. but don't be alarmed. I’m going to tele-

hone the police, and we'll have them behind the
arts in a short time.‘

Bob ran downstairs and rushing into the library ’
turned on the electric’ light and was soon in com-
munication with the nearest police station—house,
over the ‘phone. but he took care to muffle the
bell when ‘using it. He told the officer at the
other end of the wire that there were four bur- ‘. *
glars in the house. ,

“I've captured one. and got the other three. ,
locked in a room. You must send policemen "m .
a liun-y or they'll be able to get out by wayhof
the front windows on the street. though it's ra or
a dangerous route, but men will take chances to
avoid arrest.” .

He was promised immediate assistance. As he
started to turn off the light his eyes lighted on a
revolver lyinﬁ on the top end of one of the low
bookcases. e grabbed it and started for 
sitting-room_to head on the rascals if they
to break their way through. So when they 
out, as‘we have seeﬁ; he had 
with the weapon. e three men“ started bag
31 consternation. and Gwiu uttered an iglaﬁfeea-*

on. ' . i .
“Tll!0'W up your handsi’.  “?‘iﬂ§"
aide-partner iaya  j W to

   
   
     
  
  
      
     
  
    

   
 
   
  
  

 

   

 
   
  

  

snatched off his hat and ﬂung it in Bob's face.
As Bob started back the three rushed upon’ him,
thrmving him down. He ﬁred his revolver at
random. but did not hit one‘of them. In the
helter-skelter. rush, Gwin dropped the box, and
is he stopped to get it he was pushed ahead by
Gaston, and he had to leave it behind. The three
-ran downstairs and made their escape by the
itreet door. Bob followed them as quickly as he
-:ould, and ﬁred at one of their retreating ﬁgures
without result. When the police arrived he had

to report that three of the rascals had got away, '

-and led the oﬂicers upstairs to where the cook
was watching Burke. That crook was marched
‘)1!’ to the station. ,
' The excitement had cured _the cook's headache,
‘and after’ Bob had explained matters to _her she
‘returned to her room. Bob, after locking the
‘front door, and seein that the basement door
"which had been force , was secured. went to bed
“himself. Next’ morning after breakfast he took
-‘the tin box with him to the oﬂice, leaving word
‘with the_cook to tell Hrs. Gaston to call him up
an the ’plione when she got back to the house.
He was not called to the '_phone until nearly

three o'clock. Mrs. Gaston had just reached home .

and learned the facts from the cook. After quite
"a conversation. Bob told her he would fetch the
box u with him in an hour. As he was leaving
‘the oigce with the box in his h_and a messenger
stepped up and handed him a note; Apparent!
it mine from Lawyer Gardner, requesting B0
to meet him at the oﬂice of a friend of his on the
top ﬂoor of a Broadway oﬂlce building at once,
‘on business of greatginiportance.

Bob was somewhat surplrised at the request,

butstartedto call on the wyer. He found the
number easily enough and started upstairs in the
elevator. A man. who had followed him from
Wall Street, stepped in with him. Both got out
at the top floor.‘ Bob began looking for the name
of the person who occupie_d_the oﬂlce where the
su Gardner was waiting for him.
s be ' turned around three men suddenly
. jumped out on him from under the roof stairs,
_L{' himdowmandbeforeheknewwhat
. waswronghewasboundandga‘gged.Hewas
 ﬂhl¢,h0W¢V€r.‘t0!'E¢0glIi1£ two ofthemenas
Gaston and Gwin.

“Up with him on the roof,” said Gwin, as the

‘man who nad come up the elevator with Bob

   
   
   
   
   

ran up the stairs, unbolted the scuttle and
out on the roof. Gwin and the other stran r
carried Bob up, while Gaston followed with Elie

box. -
‘Carry him over to the last building of the
row,’,’ said Gaston. . "'~. 
The. man with the cap took Gwin’{~p1ace,-‘and
the éx-cashier took the box from Gaston. 
nan w had come up the elevator tried»_the
‘scuttle’ ‘and found it locked. He pulled out a
‘ and in a couple of minutes forced'it open.
e him down and stow him away in the
closet behind the ladder," ordered Gaston,

tothepnsonerv
an

     
      
  
  
  
    
  
 

as ex-broker had directed. The door was
ghiinandthebuttonturned,thenthetwo
f  Gwin and Gaiton on the roof. The
£0539’! had-discovered the 810,000_ in mon%_in

_ , |hove51,i*“3lito iii; pocket, andw ‘di-

4

joined them. One of the chaps, who wore a cap -
stepped ' Will Sparks, “and

down ‘the ladder and disposai .

 
 

.s56,ooo FROM A NICKEL

confederates returned hepsaid, with a wink at

Gaston: .

“We’ve. had our trouble for nothing. There
was nothing‘ in the box but these securities, which
are not worth their salt."

The confederates looked at each other in dis-
appointment, and followed the two Wall Street
men back to the scuttle up which they had 
inally reached the roof. In the meantime, Bo
found himself in a pretty bad predicament, but
he did not lose courage because fate was against
him. ‘-
Remembering how easily he had escaped from
his bonds the night before, he started to repeat
the operation, and succeeded in freeing himself
in five_ minutes. He rushed u to the scuttle,
threw it open and -looked out, t saw no sign
of the rascals on the roof. He ran downstairs
as quickly as he could, but he missed the rascals
in the crowd of pedestrians on Broadway. He
looked around for some moments, then ran into
a drug store and notoiﬁed the police by telephone
of the occurrence. There was nothing for him to
do now. but 20 uptown and tell Mrs. Gaston what
had happened to him and her box of money. When
he reached the Gaston home and made a full ex-
planation to the ladv and her daughter, they did
not blame him. Bob was invited to stay to sup-
per, and he did, after which he spent the evening
in Edna’s society.

CHAPTER XIII.—Bob’s Remarkable Luck in a ,
Stock.

During the ensuing week nothing ‘was heard
of either Gaston or Gwin. They failed to appear
when their trial came on, and a bench warrant
was issued for their arrest. Their bail also was
forfeited, to .the great disgust of the bondsmen,
who declared that never again would they be re-
sponsible for another man.- Bob devoted his_at-
tention to business. but he did not forget to kee
a close watch on his new deal. The stock wen
up by slow degrees. and on Saturday closed at 88.

On Mondav followin itbegan to attract atten-
tion at the onenins of §‘Exchange, and that da
it jumped to 90. Next y it went to par, ami
great excitement in the board room, and Bob sold
out at 1Q1' 3-8, making a proﬁt of $6,300, and
makin him worth $10 000. .

Weﬁ, I’ve got 0 ﬁfth of my $50,000,’ he told
_ _ haven’t been so very long in
getting it, either.”

A month passed awayand-then Bob caught on
to another tip. he market had been in bad
shape for _a couple,of weeks and nobod was -
ing anything to speak of. The gilt
were holding theirrown, and were abou the only
shares dealt in. The stock that received the least
consideration was X. i Z. It had been in the
dumps for a year or more, and was down to 40.

It might have gone lower if the bearnhad taken
the trouble to raid it, but it didn't seem worth
their while. In fact,’ nobody paid any attention
to it nowadays. Speculators naturally only care
to handle shares that have soine life in them.
One morning Bob was in a certain oﬁce and he

> heard a bit operator tell the broker to go ahead

andbuyalltheX.&Z.hecouldget.

' “That mmt mean ,somethingd“'“thoud:tfthc boy. _

“rmgointokeepinyoyeui

 

  

Later in the day he met a broker he was on
good terms with.

“Say, Mr. Black. there are a number _of shares
on the list that never seem to be dealt in to any

t extent. You seldom see them quoted In

e market report." ' '

“That's true." replied the broker. “We call
therg dead ones."he‘rd that b_ to was

“ uppose u a i opera 1'
buying up a! the shares of one 0? them he could
get, what would you think about it?"

“Pd think it rather funny.”

“Is that all you'd think?"

“I might think there was a deal on foot to
bamboozle the public.’

“If you thought that you'd buv some of that
stock while it was low, hold _it till the _syndIc9-to
forced it up, and then do a little realizing your-
self on the lambs. wouldn't you?”

» The broker laughed. ~ . _
. “Have an discovered that some syndicate is
goi to db that?" smiled the trader, playi_'ullY-

- gayb I have. Do you want to stand in with
me.’ '

‘What’: your tip‘! It I think it's a good one

I'll make it all right with you." _'

/ “Will vou agree to give me_ten per cent‘!
‘Yes, if I tackle the proposition.” ' _
‘All right. Mr. Black. Your word is good with

me.’

He then told the broker what his tip was. and
how he got hold of it. _ . _
‘It looks pretty_ good. I'll investigate, and it
I take hold and win, you shall have ten per cent.
of whatever I make." said the broker.
-“Thanks. Good-by!” _ _
Bob waited a few days. and noticing that X. &
Z. had crawled up to 41. he took his money and
‘went to the little bank, where he put it un,0'|
1,000 shares at the stock at the market _price.
Next day he met Will Sparks and told him he
had bought 1,000 shares of X. (2 Z. _
“X. & 2.!" exclaimed Will. in astonishmentt.
‘Jollying me, aren’t‘you?" b ten
~-“If will take my advice you'll uy
aharesyoguit.’ said Bob, who then let a little light
, e in on the subject by telling his friend all about
0 the tip.‘ Wi ’s mind changed around at once.
3' HeconcludedthatX.&Z.wasnotsobsd.after
.3 bought ten shares, and, like
3' ’ Bob. awaited resul X. 0 Z. went to 45 before
 noticed it, then brokers began asking
f’ *' ves who was buying this fossil. ‘At the
' ad of two weeks a broker appeared on the floor
-_  one afternoon and bid it up to 50, causing Quit?
a buzz of excitement. Next morning it was forced
‘ b 55

mag.‘ eagerly d so dtidhthe
. an

mm in stock went up day after day till it
71 and a fraction. then Bob sold out and

madeamooo; and -0 ha (:11

v .a....”°°ra n.i."'m.i”v.a ".i’i.¢‘a".r"a.. eh

Blacks It mntained a check

_ . t,"thelettereaid “and
us-Isuaorise so¢-b°uH5- lclwwd
' andlhaadyou prelu-

   
  
   
  
     

herewith the

$56,666 Fnoii A NIc1’<EL

not .


 

only need $4,000 more to make my dream come‘ V 2' 77>"

out true. Will I get it? I guess yes."

CHAPTER XIV.—Conclusion.

Only $4,000 more and he would reach the $50,-
000 mark. Two days before Thanksgiving ho
ﬁnally broke in by buying 1.000 shares of S. &
T., at 92.

' On Thanksgiving morning he called at the Gas-
ton residence to take an automobile ride up in
Westchester with Edna. according to a previous
arrangement. They were to get back in time for
dinner at ﬁve. when -the machine appeared at
the door the regular chauﬁeur was not in the
machine. There was a stranger, who handed in
a note to Mrs. Gaston. It purported to come
from the regular man and said that having been
taken ill he ‘was obliged to send a substitute who.
he said. was fully competent. There seemed to <
be no objection to accepting the man who brought
the note. so Bob and Edna got in the auto. Bob
gave the route to the driver of the machine and
he tarted oﬂ.

- He turned into Fifth avenue and went straight
up that thoroughfare as far as 110th street, down
which he turned as far as Seventh avenue, and
then made a ﬁne run to Central Bridge. After
crossing the bridge he took his course up Jerome
avenue and put on_a bit more speed. All this
time another auto. in which was a chauﬁeur and
two full-bearded men, followed the Gaston ma-
chine. Occasionally the driver let off a succession
of toots. even when there was no occasion tor
it. and sometimes the chauffeur of the Gaston
machine touted when the coast was clear. Bob
and Edna were so engrossed in each other’s so-
ciety that they did not take any notice of these
toots. which were in reality an exchange of pre— I
arranged si als. It was a long run up Jerome
avenue. an as the Gaston auto neared the end
of it the chauffeur suddenly eased up. The auto
behind came whining past. ran on for several
hundred yards and then stopped in front of a
double gate. The chauﬂeur got down. opened it
and drove the auto into the place. leaving the
gate open.

The Gaston man turned in there when he came '

 
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
      
 
   
 

to the _ to. Bob noticed his action at once. 
_';I&Ioi ontlierel Where are you going!’ be ’
cri .

“I want to speak to the chaulfeur 5: that ma-
chine. He’: a friend of mine." replied the man.
Bob made no further ob ection, and the usa-
chine rolled on behind the ot er and stopped. The
two bearded passengers and the chauﬂeur ottlla
\§tht¢;rtocaé'dﬁame up. The llrst two raised 
a a. ' .
 prefigne you hzve called to visit this,old
rica mine, 0 them. JD teaes ﬁe)
sounded familiar t?'aol’:° ' ‘  
“No. sir; we were not aware that this 1
historical house.‘ re lied Bob.’ ‘Our .
came in here to , to your ehauﬂeurf
;i(l)h, I see!’ miled tae':iuan, wickedly. 
w they ans king we as
ure to show you over the house. .Youn$’

very interesting sells. his  

    
     
  
   
 

~

 

   
      
   
    
   
   
        
     
    
  
    
 
       
     

 of the rooms is very old-fashioned, and
rﬁthcre are many articles not seen to-day out of
ya‘ curio shop. It will only take you a short time
to go through the house but, of course, if you
~ ~ ‘don care to do so we wi ‘not press the matter."
I “Let’s_ go ln,"_ said’ Edna, who liked to view
old—fashmned things. _ ‘-
_ “Just as you say. Miss Gaston,” replied Bob.
« So they got out and accompanied the gentlemen
iutoa wide, dreary-looking all, built on a plan
’ thatwasinstyleintheearlypartofthe nine-

* toenth century. _

The two cliauﬂeurafollowed behind. No sooner
was the bi hall door closed than the ientleman
 J who had gone the talking pulled oil’ is beard
lg‘ ‘= and revealed himself to the surprised eyes of the
- ho youigg people as Philip Gaston. The other
line pull of his beard and disclosed .the wicked
nuntenaixce of Edward Gwin.

,. “We regret the necessity of detaining a young

0 Edy for whom I have such a high regard,” said

Gaston, “but we  money, an we think your
mother will be willing to pay us $5,090 for our
release. At any rate. that is our put», an we
' quite moderate. All you have to do, Miss
tootep into thatrooin and write a letter
mother, such as I shall dictate, and we
attend to the collection of _the ransom. Until
receive the money you will have to remain
as our guest. As for your companion, as
.ﬁll8k¢‘n0ﬂliM out of him, he will lnplz
owe

*9

 

“iii

 

1:

si
1: Iprisoneruntilweletougmthoug
j him a debt which we like to repay.
' the circuinshnees we have‘ decided to let

‘V CE": iv » "’_- ,‘ ‘
"l'his'9iIIn|r -1311: my care and I intend
sugar. my ability,’ replied

I

.i.

iierto‘
resolutely.

‘ﬂint wouft ﬁx for we are four while
_areoalyone,_ ahoyatthat!'sneered

‘  any book torgnately on this occur-

‘ on; to protect Miss‘
.GutoII.," d Bob, coolly, ,
.' _"$x -frlcnth_2.'   “What do you
V 1 ’Wherc are your friends?’
.  are!’ said Bob. suddenly pulling Out I 7%-
~.........'°*'*-  M “ii: *° ‘.2: *°’."°
.-' an youopen _ ran use-
shallbe to have to shoot, but shoot
unless we throw up your project!” ,
Hraoeals were taken by 1'D1’lS6_. and they
Eat a disadvantage because did not hap-
- be armed. ‘

ii

Id

 
 

dare shoot all four of you tosave Miss

New order that door opened or I'll be-

nt" and Bob covered him-‘in -a way that,

,  licsttutodaiidtlierirnadeaotifntoone
 The inn reluctan y opened

0  dowatothc road 7

geaaror  passed. Bria:

 
 

  

r

350,000 FROM A NICKEL’

city. If you obey my orders we'll let you of of
the consequences your conduct entitles you to. As
for the rest of you, the quicker you make your-
selves_scarce the better it will be for you.”
‘Their own chauffeur followed Edna outside and
did as he was told, helping the girl into the ma-
chine. Bob ordered the others to stand away
from the door. When they did so he backed
out and then made a dive for the auto, in which
he jumped. ‘
“Now go!” he said to the chauffeur, and the
man started up.
“You’re a brave boy—the bravest in the world !'
said Edna, adiniringlty. \
“I simply did my uty, Miss Gaston, and that
was to protect you,” he replied.
When they reached the city they drove through

Central Park and reached the house long before.

they were expected. Mrs. Gaston was surprised,
but their story explained everything, and the
lady thanked Bob for his service to her daughter,
with tears in her eyes.

S. & T. stock went up eight points and then
suddenly
Exchange at the time and e rushed up to the
bank and ordered his shares sold. Strange to
relate. he made just $4,000, which gave him the
coveted $50,000. He came to the conclusion that
he had better stop lest his luck change and he
lose allhe had made. So he quit short .05 and
invested his nionev in ﬁve per cent. gold bonds.
That gave him an annual income of $2,500. Six
months later he was engaged to Edna, with her
mother's consent, and with ev prospect of be-
coming a wealtliv and man, we will
draw the curtain on the boy who _was lucky in
stocks and made $50»-000 from a nickel.

Next week’s issue will contain: “BORN
ﬂlncgy; OR. FRO}! MINER T0 MILLION-

:-

:1?
TAKE NOTICE.

“I will pay eleven eats a copy for any all
Secret  that you may have
forncrly published Frank ‘fancy and Harry
E. Wall. Inc., of New York. Write or send Par-ed
Post collect to H. St. Leon. Box 416, Hugo.
Oklahouia.” ~

HAPPY HOURS MAGAZINE

The journal for those interested in the old dim:
and nickel novels.

Sample Copy F rec

The real Diamond Dick ‘writes for this  ,

SMITH BOOK (X).
Box 661.

 

slumped. Bob hagpened to be at the .

 SHORT-STOP SAM
' The Boss of the Baseball Boy.

__Z_._

By, GASTON GARNE

? i (A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER III.

. The Game Begins. '

“It is a question of which side has the best
pitcher," said one of the wise"ones. .

It was seven minutes past the appointed time
when the umpire stepped up and cal ed out:

“Play ball!" _ _

The  team had the ﬁeld sad in their
maroon uniforms the big, ateiletic-looking fellows
made a great picture.

“Reardon to the bat!” called out the scorer for
the home team, and the wiry centerﬁelder stepped
up to the plate. _ . _

The first ball that was pitched was a ,VlCl0\l8

- in-shoot and the batter narrowly missed getting
out of the way.

p .
The next one deceived Reardom, for a strike
was called on him.
He struck at the next one and missed.
Then, after knocking out two long fouls, he
ﬁnch out. -
liccuire was’the next to bat. After he had two
. strikeeonhimhemanagedtoniakeacleanhit
« jutcoohighfortheshortstopandgottoﬁrst.
,~ The rooters for the home team made them-
selves heard when this happened, for it looked
as though there was a possibility of scoring a

ru‘I‘LO'Donnelltothebat!" _ '
The leftﬁelder was a pretty sure hitter. 
theerowdseeinedu>ki_sowit,foi-theygavehim
-'1 W °-°°"'+.€.='°'**......*:‘.-.*..¥'°..'..°'.'‘~ .. ..... ....
H k top 1 _ at e _
alineereflzir twobasea. and McGuire reeehedthird
 “billy one out and a man onthird!” said Jack
»." cuy. “ltlooksasthonshtheyeresomsto
 $"’°"’“.i.»~
»- er, . .
 "J:t’ei-stothebatl”
 ' ‘Ihat,wssthecqthatcainefrointheseo!'e§'.
3... up, a conﬁdent smile on his
 me bat like anvetﬁrand‘ “ﬂy
‘Beloolnedsesnallstanding' It I 0
oi the  diet the moters sud-
’ &ortyl”ashrill voice from the
out.

Qha”|r:o‘t.e.r?_¢aﬂed'1ina¢IinlId¢lV¢3|m3
=  ‘ iuwu.howeu,bnttIwoe ho
tohe'1:itiesofthegam:sawinhi;s

 
  
   

    

Whois the nextnianup? 0h.tho-

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 25

“Foul-6-trike ! "
The next one was a good one, but Sam twisted
it around too far to the left of third.
hat made two strikes on him.
be next three were balls, so that meant that
something was liable to h pen at the next.
Sam was as cool as coul be. He watched the
pit‘§li}f_r !with an eagle eye. and held his but ready.
is
The ball left the pitcher's hand and sailed to-
ward the plate.

Sam caught it about four inches from the end
géllfiisbat, and then a yell went up that was
6

High in the air the ball. soared, and San
sprinted for first for all he was worth.
McGuire made sure that the ball was going

far over the leftﬂeldefs head, and then he started
for home.

Sam wasanexcellentrunnei-,andcastinga
glance over his shoulder, saw the lefipiielder in ‘
theactolthrowingtheballtothethirdheseman.

He knew it was going to be a close call, but he
meant to get there ﬂi-st.

“Look at dat lad run!" cried a little fellow
from the top of the fence. “Gee! but he his
best der ‘ball, all right."

Just as the third baseman'reached tocstch
the ball Sam dropped and slid to the bag.

His hand was upon it the fraction of a second
before the’ ball was put to him.

“Safe!” shouted the umpire, and then the
crowd went wild with joy.

Harry Bates and Fred Jones caught our hero
in their arms and lifted him on their
gig lie crossed the plate on a single from 

imin. .

Three runs and only one out! It looked as
though the Peerless boys were surely going to
give a good account of themselves.

Fred Jones was the nextmanatthe bat. -’

Unfortunately he knocked it ﬂy right in the
hands oi the first baseman, who simply had to
toochthebagwlthhisfobtandmskesdouble
play, as Timlin had started to run. and could
not get back in time. '

That wound in their half of the that inning.
and the Peerless walked out in the ﬁeld.

“What doyouthinkofthst, Ouny?” calledout ‘;
an enthusiastic admirer of the home team, who , _ E
sat a couple of seats behind the presiden-tot the ~ r
Sliarpton Athletic Club.

“I'll bet you ten dollars that Edger-ton wine.”
was the response, and Jack Cnny quickly ﬂashed
3 “So-2°12!” "‘§"u. nd th none‘ "put 

“ e " sai e man, a e was . ,
up in the hands of a non theyboth ew. , ‘

Just then Len He moved up to Gmiy and
whi red in his ear: ‘ ‘

“I yougivemewhatyon_winI'llilxitse
the Peerless team will lose the game."

_ g.’

 
      
   

 
   

   
   
   

   
      
       
    

 
 
  
 

CHAPTER IV.

Sam Distinguishes Himself .
Jeckhcnny looked at theﬁevil face 014
1%: dollars was not iaeeh to ;aaq~/it
  t-t' ‘

~_-4; ~- " ‘ﬁr; 

. fame;

C

 
  

  

     
 
  

 
   

  
  
  
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
  
    
     
 
  
   
   
  
 
    
  
  

‘he had made the bet. He wanted to see the home
A team defeated because he felt that the Peerless
. boys were upstarts, and not worthy of being
known as first-class amateur ball players.

If they should happen to win this game the
swell club of the town would have to humble it.-
self to play with them, or else suffer the criticism

the press and public.

“If you can prove to me that you are the cause
of the home team losing the game you can have
are ljhole twenty dollars,” uny whispered to

B1’ . '

It so happened that the two knew each other
pre well. They were not on the same social
‘stan ing, but Marks had done a few mean things
for the rich boy, and had always been paid well
for it. “

Hence the proposition he made.

Marks went away, and no one knew but that
he had simply stooped to pass a word with the
- young president of the athletic club.

But let us follow up the game.

The Peerless nine was in the ﬁeld and the Ed-
gertons were about to take their first inning.

The face of Pitcher Timlin wore a happy smile.

He resolved to do his level best to hold the
visitors down, and all he wanted was support.

He felt he was going to get it, for the boys were

i all_.in ﬁne form to-‘day. _

Frank Timlin was a good pitcher. ~ He was as
steady as a clock, too, and it was seldom that he
got rattled. .

l|.‘redJoueswassouscdtohimthatapassed
ball wasnot likel to be credited to him.

The pitcher looked around and saw that every
one was in his proper position, and then he sent
.a’ ball whining over the plate.

It was a lt1’8i@t ball, but the batter had not

' been read . ,

“8trikeg’

. man, woman and child in the big crowd
can hear it. V -
'  Prank sent in another.

aoutdedlike there rt of a pistol. and away sped

ﬁe ball over tlieffgoond baseman’: head.

" ccnterﬁeld got it, but not in time to keep
1' from reaching ﬁrst.

t was aciean base.hit,,and the crowd that had

 of ‘the Athletics seated onthe
T odand nodded toeach other.’

E

_' not keep it_up.

"Enter in the nine had come_up ﬁrst.

in doiiliizhat he did nine times

next. man to step up was a nervous sort of
 Beheldhisbat as than he meant
tliohth, and struck at e ﬁrst ball



  

dI=tel"rsni:.-

 

WI

   
 

4’ "’l'hestentorianvoiceof theumpire rangoutso’

‘ Crack! The bat hit the wall. with a noise um"

wxththeltdgertonsdidnotsparetheir.

they i th t up for a while Peerless
’ ‘a ‘of a_show,” said Jack Cuny. ,

thegamewlthsachl kasthst.” _ '
‘ ‘The youngiman ‘w: not willing to admit to

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

"One ball!” .

The next was a rather high one, but the nerv-
ous chap reached it and lined it out to left ﬁeld.

That made it two on bases and none out.

It looked as though the visitors were going to
get a run.

The next man to step up was the captain of the
Edgertons. He prided himself on being a sure
hitter, and he was ready for business.

He got two strikes and three balls on him, and
the "crowd waited with bated breath.

Timlin, in answer to the catcher’s si al, de-
livered‘ a straight one for the purpose 0 striking
him out.

But no! Whack! A red-hot liner went shoot-
ing straight for Sam Walters.

It was a little over his head, though, but the
boyjwas equal to the emergency.

p went his left hand, and the ball was caught.-

Both the base-runners had started to run i
first and second the moment they saw the hit.

They thought it was a sure base hit.

But they were treated to a great surprise, for
like a meteor the ball went to second, and then
it was lined to first. .

"A triple playl” screamed the little fellow on
the fence. "Did yer ever see anyt'ing like dat,
fellers? Hooray fur der new short-stop!”

1'0!!!

A roar went up then, and it surely seemed that

four-ﬁfths of the people gathered there had sud-
denly gone wild with joy. The umpire remained
stock-still in his tracks for the space of a second

and then he beckoned for the team in the ﬁeld.

to come in.

It would have been impossible _for him to make.

himself heard, so he did not try it.

The Edgerton ‘players were stunned for a mo-
ment. They coul
pened.

But they had seen the triple play, and as there
was not the least doubt that the three players
had been put out, they raised no objections.

With the cheers of the crowd ringing in his
ears, Sam Walters walked in with the rest.

It was a wonderful catch he had made with

his left hand, but the quick throw to second was.
' the crowning point of the play. -

Scaver, the second baseman, had ample time to
get it to first, and he got it there.

The hopesof those who looked to see the vis-I

itors score in the ﬁrst inning were dashed to the

nd. . .-

'l“here were many ladies on the grand-stand.
and they cheered and waved their handkerchiefs.
.Many of them did not quite understand what
it was all about, but they were enthused, mat the

ame. . « V
6‘ The face of Jack Cuny darkened when he siw

how the "scn_1bs,” as he chose to call the Peerless -
’ nine, were being applauded, and he began to hate

Sam Walters from’ that very moment.

“It was the new player who did it all,” be mat-i T

tered. “I wonder what Len Marks intends to do
to prevent them from winning‘!
be something great, for they are

  

bound towin

 

himself, ithatit, i'°°d9’3¥iuI.Idl°F
ages-zaa'”3s's :,u.ws~'33e men out , .  x

‘ <1’-§¢~M*e“4-3

scarcely realize what had hap- _

Itwillhaveto T‘

    

  

“lsterforlow

   

 AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 Fame and Fortune 

NEW YORK, JULY 20, 1928

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

531(1) 0NIY——At our risk send P. 0.
ﬂ:n2y'0rrd’er. @echIor Registered Letter: remittance!
“I my on." wgy are at your risk. We accept Postage
gain the same as cash. When sending silver wrap
g. &'... 3. 3 nice piece of paper to avoid cutting

the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
31.31. copies ..................  Free 8688‘!
alas copy Tania Months ...... .. _ “ (I!

one copy 81: Months . . . . . . . . . .. - __ “ 3-‘:

one copy one Year . . . . . . . . . . . . .. - L L

Canada. 84.50; Foﬂltlo 5-“
Address letters to
WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO» Inc.
1‘) cgdu Street, New York City; I

II-ID KNIGHT. Pros. And True.
I. W. HAIL Vlao-Praia. and Boo.

‘INTERESTING ARTICLES

I-‘FIC TUNNEL PLANNED UNDER
TRA I|1£NGIg))NG l:lAl:B(i)sR studying ‘
vernmen
,3}:  51186 island with the mainland by a
:1-;&c tunnel similar to the Holland tubes, which

7-jam [anhattan Island to New Jersey.

k d K loon. its mainland
.,,,B"',,.,_°°1'i',.H'T‘;h°n..‘§.£';nuume‘;'miie wide strait.

_ which is Hongkong Harbor,_ci-ossed bi’ 311 W149"

f sevice, which is y_81ISD9nd°d

uritgg teller’ hoons which frequent this cout-

' eers estimate that the tunnel need not be
deeper than seine sections of the London _“und_e!'-
ground." Such an underta_ki!I¢. ﬁrst of my '0'“:
m the'Far East, would relieve the contention 0

th al d ‘d growth
3°'i'EF.'§.°i2.‘;.._‘“‘...l".u.e.°'“°‘°...‘i.. {.‘I"i;¥ié’i‘.i’;‘tem:ory
on the mainland.

lJNDBERGH GETS imcsi-:_i.‘. _
Col. Charles A. ' the University of

- Wisconsin’: most famous former student, VII

hugged by his almamater to-day whai he re-
eaivedthehonorary mot doctor of_lawa_. The
Wualonel matri atthe universityin
aadwaii orderedto"wlthdraw"twoY¢83"
grades. He was an engineerinz
gdaitandleftfotake up aviation that brought
The famous nyer received hls dqree to the

mum 11,500 taesandzsoo tori.
crowded into tiieiiniver-icy seocl Pa lion. An

 wily Lu-go number waited  to glimpse

. P:esid'entGiennI-‘raiittoidundbergiitiiode-’
7 mﬁwas presented more for his acts after the
The

tle!l'3htthanfortiheﬂlghtitself.

gave the university yell. The hero

 andbowed.

EXPENSIVE pssosocssrnwg

  

damage to physical health is not the most serious"

th tradeofan girlnothiﬂierto 
V B YWOIHIIIOI ‘V 5"

In

27

I

cost more than a. dollar a second to broadcast, do
you ‘suppose, the Walrus said, that they’d have. .
cut_’em short? ' - '
According to ﬁgures made public yesterday by
M. H. Aylesworth, President of the National,
Broadcasting Cwnpany, the radio bill for the con-,,
vention amounted to $77,000. As the actual pro-
ceedings lasted twenty hours, or 72,000 seconds, lt,,
cost the National Broadcasting Company and,
forty-two associated stations almost $1.07 for each 5
second of broadcasting. _ _ _
Specially engineered telephone circuits, 
45,000 miles, in broadcasting from Kansas City,
and an additional thousand miles of wire was,
required when broadcasting begun from Houston. ,
The entire expense, Mr. Aylesworth pointed on
is being borne by his company and associa
stations. ,
The cost of reporting the Re ublican Conven-.
tion by radio was divided as fo ows: Rental and
operation of regular N. B. C. circuits at $1,650
an hour for twenty hours, $38,000; rental and,
operation of special transcontinental circuit at
$1,200 an hour, $24,000; installation and opera-
tion of special “plck- p circuit, $10,000; oaaz‘
of personnel and expenses, $10,000; total, 877, .

- i
PARLIAMENT BILL TO ABOLISH BARMAIDS

. IS DRAFTED . 1»

One of the oldest and most English institution ’-
the barmaid, will disappear if a Parliament bill

, now being drafted is passed. ;

The Church of England, which is sponsoring‘
the roposed legislation, believes that ts»
sho d not raise their daughters to be  -
dresses.

The bill will impose conditions such as will piie- :-
vent the present number of 26,000 women and
girls_emp oyed in selling retail liquor from in-
creasing, and gradually restrict than to thev
daughters and wives of owners of saloons. ‘ U

The Rev._C. F. Tonks, rural dean of Center
lair_y,whoisoneofthelcadersintlieanti-bar-
maid movement, declares that “the health of many
bai-maids suﬁers through the stuffy and unhealthy ’
atmosphere too often found in the saloon, but

form of harm that barmalds are likely to suﬂer. .
“They may give way, and not infrequently have -
ven way» to insobriety, and many have to bo“'
iscliiirged for drunkenness. The downward path

is made easy through the treating of barinnids 1‘,

by -the liabitues of the house.’

The barinaids, it so happens, are unonf ""
prettiest girls of England. The Rev. Mr. oaks
explains this by saying: _ 

_Bnrmaids, as advertisements show. are selected “" '7‘ 
mainly for their youthfnlness, good looks, smart- ‘~‘ I
ness and attractive a The large major- js
ityareunder25years ofage,and,thougliaces~- » .
tain number of positions are open to older women, ‘T’
the ordinary barmaid ﬁnds it extrenielydimcult, "’ — .~_
if not impossible‘ to obtain fresh employment in
thetradeafter eageof85." '4 2

The proposed bill will forbid the entraneeinto ‘_ ‘

o

     
  
   
 

  

loyed barmaid. E ’ ’ . .“
x’imst~h::e‘_a  ' '
to. thebill, whiehkwillg V '

9

 

 «I, ,...‘,‘‘.I.

  
  
   
     
 
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
  
      
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

 "A BLOW FOR A RIVAL;

“Gentlemen,” said_the captain of‘the British
sloop-o£_-war, _Sea Lion, as his _lieutnants came
up at his bidding, forming _a semi-circle near him,
with the midshipmen bringing up the rear. “There
are the heights, and there is the fort. We storm
a mp n no say a expec ou wi
aa: taae tlhataegort tt0-11101310: Ior peritsh in 
do Eyour duty, for I know you will!" y
‘ very oﬂicer bowed and saluted. All eyes were
then turned upon the fort. Far up on the heights
by the Chagres River, Panama, it stood, and
seemed an iin regnable work. The height was
 and d cult, and the _fort was well pro-
vided with guns, whose hugh, dark muzzles could
-be seen frowning through the embrasures.

. “A , gentlemen, look at it—-there it is,” contin-
ued e captain; “the strongholdgf San Lorenzo!
The adiniral’s_ order to me, ere”we left Jamaica,
was to take it at all hazards. _

‘ Bolt upright stood the lieutenant of inarines._

“You hear, men?" he said, turning toward his
gomsshoffﬁrizeu soldiers. “We are to take that

pain 0 . ~

Then fi_'un’each marine, riding with his chin,
well up ‘iii his collar, and is tanned, freckled
face immovable as a rock, came the simultaneous:

“Y_;es',‘ s_ikre,"'like the grinding sound of a_ clock
are I in s. 1 _ ,

The raidahipmen looked at each other._ The cap-

’ tam now stepped toward them and said:

, ‘Young genﬂeinepi, here will be a chance for

. o

 ??..;’ ..m§:.'::.'*.'.:*;‘:;:"..i‘.1"':v°,:£..I*i.:.°.‘:‘::".§..*:.
_~ ’ ‘ —-I-1!’ cried every boyish voice. ’

‘ "I require onlv one.”

* ' ‘Let me be that on

A George Feltosi, a ﬁne ii

_ ' Another youth, Herbert Manning, of the same
; age‘ stegi.ed forth" and requested the honor of
 ‘He, too, was a ﬁne, handsome fellow, but he
was a native of New York, who had shipﬁed
‘ aboard ' after she had touched at at
~, at Mr. Felton darted an envious, angry glance

ard him, when the captain said:
"I _will choose you Mr. Manninz-’
The latter salu . and his dark eyes flashed
wiggsatisfaction as he answered:

, , thank you for the honor, Captain Warlock.”

the captain turned away to converse wi
his lieutenants, the mids crowded about Manning.

‘Better make your will, old fellow," said 
 ”,’.' remarked another, “you'll never ge in-
T  10”’ 'm§>£b3§7n t '

may E0 in, e’ never come on again,”

«  it could be seen that each of Man-
paaion was disappointed because he
chosen, instead of the American

  

Captain Warlock,’ said
ooking British youth of

     
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
   

ii

“ are éa‘5:n“muia'm§a;ti:hs
..m,.w,w.,W W

  

Ln” .‘q‘.,;,«

  
 

I? ‘illlk _r,'*v‘_.I

A FAME AND‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY

.“Because an hanglishman should be chosen to
lead Englishmen; answered Feltoii. - .
- You do not mean to imply_that I will not do
my‘ duty, I hope?‘ said Manning, hotly.

“HOW 0311 YOU. with your views?"

“What do you mean.”

_ I will notuaccuse you of meditating treachery,"
said Felton, but youcannot have the same heart
‘Ill; flwg“)}‘l]tll5l§ for the English cause as the rest of

“Einplain yourself.”

“Did you not tell me that you thought the pas-
sage of the Stamp Act,.which there is a rumor
of, in_ the British Parliament, as we heard at
J3m8l_C8. Would. be unjust and wrong to the
Ainlekricaln Colonies?”

“ Yr sai so and I re at it. Taxation of
that kind would be tyrannipceal." _

You further saidthat, should the colonies re-
bel, you would join the Americans against Great
Biltain the moment your term of enlistment
should expire.” —

_ “I said so, and I say so again," answered Man-
ning boldly. _

_ och views_ are unbecoming an ofﬁcer in his
111818812)‘ s service.'’_

“They are not, sir. We all have a right to our
own opinions. \

“And I think they .are_. Were I thecaptain, I
would not_ trust one with such views to lead
British sailors." .

"Once for all, Fe_lton," said Manning, “I inf_orin

on that you are mistaken. To-morrow shall prove

wlmeantodoinypart." '

. “I would not trust you. You heart will not be

in the undertaking’ -
~ ”l‘is false!" '

:93 you tell me I lie, sir?”

o.
- ‘I expectisatisfaction for this.’

“You shall have it whenever you like-—when-,
ever we have the chance."

“By —-—I’' said I-‘elton, “and it shall not merely_
be with the fist. It shall be a combat to the
death—with swords." .

“I am. the challenged party, and have a right
to a choice. But be,it so, swords, if on wish.’

The other mids endeavored to ma e peace be-
tween thelr two hot-headed messinates. But Fel-
ton was ﬁrm. He. insisted he would have the sat-
isfaction he required.‘ All the talking of these
young oﬁicers was done in the waist, and they
took care _to peak in low voices, so that neither
the captain or the lieutenants could overheat
what was said.

“Mr. Manning." cried the captain, ‘take a cut-
ter’s crew and make soundings yonder,” inti
to a beach at the base -of some rocks, 0 wh‘
the sloop-of-war now was lying becalined. “
how near we can approach the coast, and abo,
make a careful inspection of the ground furthq;
inland, leading toward San Lorenzo.” ..

“Ay, ay, sir!” ,
“Better take another of the 
with dgou. to assist. You will so wi
he a ed. turning to Felton. _
_ “Ay ay, sir,’ answered the latter, with deny.‘
inw . i9Y- - '

"/80 till!

tinned

_ntleinea; -
uni 3u'o"‘i§~

andgo

 

   
     

      
 

‘If I can prevent it. that American shall not
, have a command in the assaulting‘ party 'to-mor-
. row!” he reiiected.
Soon shrilly rang the boatswain’s pipe, followed
\ by the hoarse, rasping voice of the boatswain’s
mate. as he bawled out:

“Third cutters away!” _

Down went the boat, and into it bundled the
crew as lively as crickets.

' “A peaceful h’expedition,” remarked one of the
tars, in a. low voice, as he winked to another.
“H<it will be different to-morrow.’' 1".

“Ay, Jack." was the reply. “That H'amer1can
reefer’ll git ’is jacket scorched some ’fore ’e’s
Ehrough. ’E’ll smell powder h’if 'e never did he-

ore.”

‘ “Stow that!” said the coxswain, sternly.

. The two midshipmen, with their swords buckled
,_ to their belts, now entered the boat.

T ~ “Give way, lads!” ordered Manning.

Away went the boat, and, as the beach was
but two miles 011', the party was soon making
,5 , soundin . This having been ﬁnally done, Man-
 ning w ed 01! toward the interior to take a look
at the country between this place and. the fort
which was to be attacked on the morrow. Mr.
Felton accompanied him. The two had reached
: a secluded valley ‘bordered by rocks and shrubbery
 when Felton paused and. drew his sword. _
‘ “Retract what {on said to me, Mr. Manning,
 orwemnstﬁyht"
' “What I said to you?" .
"Yes. you called me a liar!" . .
."Not l_intil you accused me almost of Intended

treason.
 ‘Granted. Well, sir, draw and look to your-
1'» self!‘ L
" “See here, Felton,” answered Manning, ‘'1 am
not going to light younow.”

Determined, however, to bring matters to an

~. iisue, Felton was about striking Mannin across
the breast with the ﬂat of his sword, w en the
crash of musketry was heard from the shrubbery,
followed by the whining of bullets. Down went
- Manning, falling lifeless, and ere his companion,
: who had not been hit, could strike a single blow,
he was surrounded and disarmed by hal a dozen
Spanish soldiers. The soldiers made good speed
with their prisoner through narrow . atlas known
to themselves, tor thew had heard e shouts of
. the sailors, who, guessing what had happened
fftln the report of inusketry, had hastened in the

direction of_=the noise. . ‘

‘ . ‘An examination of _Manning’s inju showed
. that he had not been piercedby the bu at which
had struck him. _It,,had glanced over his skull.
though, with suﬂicient force to deprive him of his
Imus. A little brandy soon brought him to. In
as well as ever, Mean-

  

  

   
  
   
   
  
    
   
 
 
    

 
  

   

 Manningreportoclth attackb_th I
i:5Iuh_.ot soldiers, but he mad: no mentidn of Foul:

 
  
  

gliepioboble cause of it.
stow hours later a braelo having
‘ resolved to nuke

     
 
 

his tune on

 

FAME AND FORTUNE‘ WEEKLY

hem, by delaying the two in the val- ‘
* were a g
l eneeforth.

mile of the fort._ The commander of the latter ’
' rightly‘ judged that the English captain would

not try to bring his guns to bear upon the rocks,
with one of his own oﬂicers a prisoner there.

“It does not matter much,” said Captain War-
lock, grimly.
upon that lofty stronghold. Now, boys!" he
shouted, waving his sword from the ship s quat-
ter-deck, “advance, and let every man do his
duty!"

f‘Come, lads!" cried Manning, in a ringing
voice.

There was a loud hurrah and the sailors and
marines commenced to scale the height. Manning,
sword in band. led one of the advance parties.

“On, boys, on!" came his ringing voice, again
and again. while the ﬂash of his sword was seen
through the ‘rolling smoke.

“Come, lads, press on! We must take that fort
and rescue Mr. Felton!” he shouted. when still
higher, with his men closely following him. Lit-
tle did they know that, blended with his desire
for victory. was also an earnest wish to free his
brother iriidshipman, in order that, on the first
opportunity, he might cross swords with him and
give him the satisfaction he craved.

Pressing on like a veritable young tiger, Man-
ning was socn within a few feet of one of the
embrasures. A tall soldier aimed athrust at
him with his bayonet. At the same moment, an-
other would have cloven his sku
had not a sailor shot this second assailant with
a pistol. Manning caught the bayonet of the
soldier who had made the trust, with his left
hand. and, raising his sword with the other,
sprang forward and cut him down just as an-
other of his foes had raised a huge boulder above
his head. Down came the boulder. but Manning
avoided it by dodging and thrust his sword into
tlgzk Spaniard who had hurled the fragment of
r .

With a cheer he sprang into the fort, followed
by his men. Cutting down their foes right and
left, the sailors now drove their opponents before
them. One, however, was about to bayonet the
bound prisoner, young Felton. ’*

He would have succeeded had not Manning
sprung forward and passed his sword through
the man's body, at the imminent peril ‘of his own

life. for a small ﬁeld—piece had been slowed round ,

by some straight
toward him as he made his leap. Fortunately
the fallen soldier clutched the youth by his jacket

and drew him down as he dropped

Spaniards and was pointed

just graze his left shoulder. thus narrowly miss»-
ing his heart! Manning, releasing
the dying man’: clutch, was soon on his feet. And
now there was a loud huua, as the English took

mm the ‘para ts. ’

we may have a chance to meet as
“oil”  ‘h...~e..e=~..s°*=:..
see a in s an
Isaid! Mina shall never; be the
ours after such gallant conduct
chums!" ~ ~

sum!’ ,,,
ipinan.
sword to c

  

  

29  

ll with a sword.

    

“Our shot could do no execution’

, causing the  i
‘ ball from the ﬁeld-piece, as it was discharged,’ to ’

hiuiseiffrouii

we

possession of the fort and their dusky ﬂag waved _ >-

 
   

“Felton." _said Manning, as he freed" 
I oner froinlus cords, “I have saved you: his , 

      
     
  

‘wt. Mr 

 

  

OLD AUTO CASINGS FOR STOUT BOOTS
—> Old automobile casings are not ‘wasted in
«.Greece. In fact they are not worn out fast
[enough to supply certain classes with an innova-
 in modern footwear. During the last four
years they have been used in gradually increas-
aing numbers until now it is estimated that at‘

least 50,000 are imported annually. ’

-' The casings are in particular demand for the
amaking of footwear for the peasants, especially

sin Greek Macedonia ‘and Thrace. The tcharik, a
srough footwear of Greek villagers, was composed
Uformerly of a strip of leather held around the

lfoot with a leather lacing passed several times

, - und the ankle and’ calf over the thick stock-
‘iings. Now strips of old casings have completly

-supplanted the leather. A hide tcharik lasted only

lfrom one andlone-half to two months, whereas

' ;the rubber tcharik wears from eight to twelve

 It also aﬂords better protection from
dampness during the winter months.

5. GLASS EATERSTRUTS HIS STUFF AT.
VILLAGE HOSPITAL BENEFIT
‘ How the wicked Bo ‘as would have been fooled
*1: they had tried to k‘ Reginald Himes with one
for theirupoisons is food for lotsof laughs in Rock-
 cl:m' still laughi ' "t1 be
eop were . ng recen y cause
Reginald Himee, who lives in Atlantic Avenue,
'Lynbmok, L. 1., not only revealed that he had
,beenﬂu-ivingonadashoftground glass forsome
fourteen years but ate. ’ before the sceptical
feyes of a doctor of the ville Center Hospital.
° ' The glass, according to Dr. Willard Wheelock,
3 , ‘was tested in solvents to prove that it was no
., ‘trick  Watching Himes crunch the
 ‘glass to ‘ts before swallowing it Dr. Wheelock
- ' . ‘said the only explanation he could oﬂ’ for Himes’
' ' ' ' tion of unusually strong

‘vi

   
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
      
  
   
     

‘' Himes, now in his‘ thirties, glass eating
ﬁrst a schoolboy habit. _ Be is said to have
started it by chewing up a clinical thermometer.
Rockville Center planned _a carnival this week
beneﬁt of the hospital, and one of the
' ' ass at_ a part&hm-
armval. _ _er

~ Rimes, exonerated and congratulated, per-

fornzed for the hospital's beneﬁt.

I oomrrar cums FOR CHILDREN mom

_~....,. . ’ NEW YORK’S SIDEWALKS -

 3 An pealm' welf re activity maintained an-
‘. V‘ ‘ﬁnally varigus ‘ P8 in the m€t1‘°P°1iS Vin
; be ‘in full‘ hearty swing-—the Summer

 

farm for thousands of boys
W011?!’ 50.15339 P1'35°'l.¢"'
.. new York-', . s  1

camps provide Summer V

“.4

FAME .AND_;F_OR'I'UNE W-EEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

 

v

Thirteen such outdoor establishments will be
operated this year as in the past by the Federa-
tion for the Support of Jewish Philanthropic So-
cieties, which expects to accommodate 6,987 ju-
venile guests. At some of these camps the young-
sters pay a nominal sum for room and board;
at others, everything is free. The Jewish Work-
ing Girls’ Vacation Society, one of the units, gives
to its members a choice between the seashore and
the Catskills, maintaining. establishments at both.

Several Jewish fresh air camps are in Inter-
state Park (the sites being provided by the Inter-
state Park Commission) created several years ago
through the generosity of the Harrimans. Hun-
dreds of independent camps now dot the Bear
Mountain district under that family’s provision.

Until two years ago the Jewish camps in this
region and other parts of the metropolitan area
conducted their programs without attempt at
‘coordination, accordin to the association. _

“Then,” it says, “fo owed the. formation of the
Jewish Vacation Committee, which appointed a
committe to make a survey of the situation and
its need. The work of twenty—six agencies send-
ing campers to fresh air societies was studied.”

.As a result of this survey, a need for vacations
for at least 48,000 Jewish children was announced.
A special fund raised among children at private
camps and providing for 445 additional weeks of
vacation was placed at the association’s disposal.

SMALL FOREST OF BIG,TREES ARE NOW
SUCCE SFULLY MOVED

Because of the desire of E. T. Stotesbury of
Philadelphia to have beautiful trees on his estate
‘at Bar Harbor, Me., without waiting half a cen-
tury for them to grow, Mount Desert Island has
become the scene of some notable tree nurse
work. Expert tree-movers from Long Islan
N. Y., are to stock his estate with a number of
ﬁne specimens to be transferred from the is-
land’s forests. Some of them are very large,
being two feet or more in diameter at the base
and from forty to fifty feet in height.

Last Winter a Bar Harbor nursery accom-
lished a notable piece of work along a similar
’ c. More than ninety trees were moved on the
Stotesbury estate. Most of them, including pines,
spruces and beautiful silver maples, were trans-
ferred only from one-location to another, but
eighteen were obtained from the forests, and all
are ﬂourishing.

This tree moving was done in the dead of
Winter when the earth was frozen in a ball
around the roots. The holes to receive the trees
were dug a foot larger around than the frame
ball, the space between being ﬁlled with fresh
woodland loam, and the roots inside being kept
undisturbed. In the Winter _the up of the tree
is dormant, allowing the greatest safety possible
inmoving. '

Thus a readydnede forest has become a pos-
sible achievement of nursery technique, although
it is not likely to become a popular indukeneq
with the average Summer cottiﬂll‘ who niuﬁ

 

   

I‘

TUBERCULOSIS RATE DOWN

Advance ﬁgures from the thirty largest cities

in the country show that tuberculosis mortality in

. 1927 set a new low rate, erasing the slight rise of
1926 and showing a greater per cent. of decline
than any other recent year.

This information is contained in a report to be
presented to the National Tuberculosis Associa-
tion by its managing director, Dr. Linsly R. Wil-
liams-of New York at the opening of the organi-
zationfs annual conventicm.

DOG CARRIES RED FLAG AT SPANISH
RAIL CROSSING
‘ A dog acts as guard of the grade-crossing over
the oogwheel railroad to the convent of Montser-

rat, Spain. to which thousands of pilgrims and

tourists make excursions. _ I _
 At ordinary times, when no trains are passing
the animal lies on a wooden bench at the side of
the road, wearing a cap his owner made for him;
When he hears a train approaching. he jumps up
and stands «on his hind legs, bearin between one
of his paws and his breast a red ag which sig-
nals road travelers to a stop. -

DOUGHBOYS IN TIEN SIN SPEAK TWENTY-
TWO FOREIGN TONGUES '

’ A canvass of the Fifteenth United States in-

: fantry at Tientsin, indicates that 116 of the 800

'* doughboys, composing the regiment, speak twen-
c ty-two diﬂerent languages. _

Company A of the regiment. with a strength
of approximately eighty men, boasts the ability
to make itself understood in thirteen tongues.
The number of linguists in the regiment capable
of conversing in foreign tongues are: Thirty-one

J in German. twenty‘-seven in Spanish. sixtun in

4,, French, ﬁfteen in ussian. ﬁve in Italian. four in
 ' Polish and two in Lithuanian-Bohemian. while
one‘ each speaks Dutch. Malay, Hebrew Greek.
Rnmaniiui, Portuguese. Norwegian. Swedish.
Hungarian and Danish.

BICYCLE IS MAIN VEHICLE FOR HOL-
LAND’S POPULATION
~ Bicycles are more frequent _in Holland than
in thellnited States. There is a “rijw_iel.” ‘or
bike, to every 2% inhabitants. In a university

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
  
   

1e$dhee'ow‘tsa‘I31ee’lt.y fth h’ l ' tt'b
7 , grea pop an 0 e lcyc_e iaa i'i_u-
table to the fact that there are practically no hills

 e importance of the bicycle is recognized by

« the authorities in that they provide separate “ru-

’ vial pads” or bicycle roads running parallel to
the automobile an horse-drﬁm vehicle roads.

care not to be run over by a bicycle than by an

EX‘-NOBLES IN" 'l‘HE_ARHY

of the reforms upon which any German
under thecontrol  Socialists ia

' on

making 

"1vAMié:‘"AN15 pom JNE WEEKLY
 I CURRENT NEWS

to Ton atibu, where he had several interview! "5;

- 'rt ll t. al '
‘°""“‘” I"’d°“ V‘ " y M" "um" '" ° °' ~ Friendly Islands. a British protectorate. so nu.-; *

" The pedestrain in Holland must take far great-_

that small but well—trained force as dependable
against possible reactionary "Dutschs” as it is
against Communist revolts. The possibility of
such action is held to be one of the principal rea-
sons for the demands voiced by many of the anti-
Republican papers for the “protection” of the
army by President Hindenburg.

In connection with the discussions in the Ger-
man press over the advisability of minimizing the
class distinctions -in the new army and cutting
d-own the percentage of oﬂlcers belonging to the
former nobility ﬁgures are cited showing that 779
of the 3,724 oﬂicers of the regular army are of
noble birth. about the same percentage as ob-
tained in the army of the Kaiser. Of the 42
Generals, 23 were born nobles; of the 109 Colo-
nels, 35; of the 191 Lieutenant Colonels. 58: of
the 3'76 Majors. 90; of the 1,100 Captains. 192;
of the 1,273 First Lieutenants, 250. and of the\
683 Second Lieutenants, 131. c

JAPANESE FLAPPEBS ADOPT TATTOOING
AS A NEW FAD

The public morals inspectors of the Osaka Po-
lice Department, Japan, are concerned over what‘
action to take to stop the fad of tattooing that has
spread among young girls. They view it as one
of the tricks of modern youth——which is as mod-
vern here as anywhere—and are looking for a law
under which they can suppress the “immoral fool-
ishness." - »

The fad started with the dancing girls. but
lately office girls, waitresses and high school girls
have taken it up. One dancing girl had peonies .
on her back and on each arm were ascending and ~
descending dragons.

Decorations among waitresses were found to
be tattooed eyebrows. while some stenographers
had red hearts on their ears. High school girls,
the police reported, had names of favorite actors
and symbols of secret societies engraved indelibly
on their arms.

\

  
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
 

WE LOSE AN ISLAND

It is re from Wellington. New Zealand.
that Dr. , rge E. Ladd. the American geologist.
after he had discovered the volcanic island of
Falcon, in the South Paciﬁc last winter. returned
with iliame T081. the Premier of-’ Tonga. or
knowledged by a treaty negotiated by Sir 
Thompson seine years . , ' 1.

_It a pears that Mr. Tad was very much can
cited a ut the discovery and asked severe! wee.-‘
tions endin with: “Of course you will raise 
American ag over it?" 1- . 2
‘a Dr. Ladd is reported to have disdained
such patriotic ambition aaylnst
mound of volcanic ashes. which ulgia
any time. and I certainly wo not he think
forannexing it." . ’ . .-

“ hen." replied the Premier. "1 will do it sari

  
    
 
 
  
 
 

so§°ulii’wmi n r»
saluted are Ercnaaa sac

     
 

 

 

   
  

., ; '*,

 

 

    

. 1141 Hal.‘ the Hustler; or. The Feat That Made

I140 A Boy From the South‘; or, Cleaning Out a
Wall Street Crowd.

Hun Famous.

A 11(2 A Mad Broker's Scheme; or, The Corner that
Couldn't Be Worked.

1143 Dollars From Dust: or, The Boys Who
Worked in Silver Mine.

1144 Bill Black, the Broker's Son; or, The
- Wyorst Boy in Wall Street.

1145 Adrift In the Sea; or. The Treasure of
Lone Beef.

1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The Boy
Who Puzzled the Brokers. '

1147 Wireless Will; or, The Succese of a Young
'¥Telegraph Operator.

1148 Wall Street Jones; or Trimming the Tricky
-Traders.

1 . " 3149 Fred the Faker: or, The Success of a Young

street Merchant.

also The Led From 'Frisco: or. Pushing the
"Big Bonanza.”

am The Lure of Gold; or, The Treasure or
Coﬁln Rock.

I53 Money Maker black: or, ljhe Boy Who
, Smashed a Wall Street “Rmg."
I158 Jlissinz For a Year; 0!‘. 3813118 I 1"°1'¢“l|°
in Diamonds.

' ﬂit Phil, the Plunger. or: A Nervy Boy’: Game
' of Chance.

* I55 Samson. the Boy Blacksmith; or, From the

Anvil to Fortune. _
ISO: Boh’s»Big Risk; ‘or, The Chance That Came
.- - ‘Dot Once. ’

$87 Stranded i th Gold Fl ldszior. The Trees-
- V are of {in iaiemen-sensed.

‘ ‘ssuouu ."th Broker: °r.Playin¢I.
 Darinygnt?’ .

arse.
(ﬁn  l. Onglbbnci or. Boring His Way to
 §lotsGa!ne; or, Two College

;.'Q1WJ&ltI'Iﬂ: or, The Poor Boy Who Won.

. ., .-.: -

Ifhime Aland it Fortune Weekly   

— Latest Issues —

a ‘ - V’ 

1164 The V8? to Make Money; or, Taking
Chances in Wall Street.
1165 Makin His Fortune; or. The Deal of a’
Pluc Boy.
1166 The Stock Exchange Boys; or, The Young
Speculators of Wall Street. _
S B f G Id; , H Pl
ez';e)r;R;1(§1so 0 or owa ucky Boy

Dick, The Wall Street Wait; or, From
Newsboy to Stockbroker.

1167
1167

1169 Adrift on the Orinoco; or, The Treasure of
the Desert. ,

1170 Silent Sam of Wall Street; or, A Wonderful
Run of Luck.

1171 Always on the Move: or, The Luck oi Mes»
senger 99.

1172 Happy-Go-Lucky Jack; or. The Boy Who

Fooled the Wall Street Brokers.

Learning a Trade; or. On the Road to For-
tune.

Buyin on Margin; or, The B/oy Who Won
the oney.

Joe Darcy's Treasure Hunt; or, The Secret
of the Island Cave. '

A "Live" Boy; or. Quick to‘Get the Dollars.

"A Barrel of Coin: or, The 1. -ck of a Boy
Trader.”

“Driven to the Walh; or. The Nerve of a
Wall Street-Boy."

1173

1174
1175

1176
1177

1178

av e rm."
1179 S ed th Fi
1180 Going to the Limit; or, A Big Risk For Big
Money.
1181 U% To Him; or, Running His Father's
usiness. .
1182 "Back-Number Bixhy”; or, The Boy
Who Was Up to the Minute.
1183 A Young.Barnum; or, Striking It Rich in
the Show Business. ‘
1184 well of Gold; or, A Daring
a tee anie.
1185 Ed. the Express’ Boy; or. His Own Route
to Fortune.
1186 The Stolen Bonds; or. How Wall Street
Will Made His Mark.
1187 A Favorite of Fate; or, After the Head
’ Hunter!’ Treasure.

1188 Master of the Market; or. The noywho -_

Cornered the Stock. . _

1189 landing on His Feet; orT'l'he Pluckiette
Boy in the World.

“Johnny the Parcel Boy; or, The Lad Who‘

    