     

lI{li[l.@lill7
W E

GTTEIR
an um

\

 
 

Issued Weekly. By subrcrzptzbn 82.50 per year.

Entered as Sez:oud—cIa:: Matter at the M. Y. Rut Oﬂiee. by STREET & SMITH, '19-89 Seventh Ave, JV. Y.

Entered according to Act of Congress in the year 1909, in the Oﬂice of the Librarian of amgrerr. Wa.r}u'ngtarx. D. C.

No. 635.

NEW YORK, February 27, I909.

Price Five Cents.

A STRANGE BARGAIN;

OR,
 NICK CARTER’S DEAD-SHOT CIRCUS CASE. «

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

1

J CHAPTER I.

if  " ,7? V i r

J THE ESCAPE on THE TIGER.

  
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
   
    
   

. I

' ' A royal Bengal tiger, at large in the streets of a
‘great city, is not a pleasant condition to contemplate,
nor is it calculated to induce complacency in the mind
I _‘of a  who regards himself as responsible for it.
  Nick Carter confessed himself -to be more startled,
.: . vwhcn he was told about it, than he wouldhave cared
:to admit at the moment. J
‘ Prince, his pet tiger, given to him by James Du-
Jmont, the tiger-tamer, had escaped and was at large;
it feast, so Joseph informed the detective when he
;;entered the,house; and Joseph looked sufficiently dis-
itui?hed* while he was conveying the information.
:1: was the night which followed the day of the
 or Millie Slade, “The World-renowned Eques-
 and Creation’s Most Wonderful Pistol-shot,”
M she‘ was billed throughout the city; and, indeed, she
 an promises good in her performances.
. ggifs Homogeneous Host of Spectacular
Performers” regarded her as the greatest

I. 93  program. "

 r‘e‘(‘1ehalfZ‘a dozen; ‘different Arabian horses dur-
 get-1. eachqne. was innocent of all accoutér-

ment; not a strap showed upon any one of them; and
from the bare backs of these madly—rushing horses she
performed with her pistols the mostwonderful feats
of skill that were ever heard or dreamed of.

But, alas! Millie proved her marksmanship once too
often; and she performed the act in a manner which
turned the consequences back upon herself, like the
boomerangs of Australian natives. She had made use
of her skill to murder James Dumont, the tiger-tamer.
while he was taking his Sundayafternoon nap on the
couch in the studio apartment he had occupied only a

few days; and Millie had accomplished the ‘deed by
’making use of one of her favorite spectacular per-

fortnances.*

Would you believe that a marksman could put a
bullet into the bull's-eye of a target that was placed
at right-angles from the direction in which he aimed
the pistol‘? Millie did it over and over again; she
never missed it, in fact. Could you guess how it was
done‘? I doubt it. The wonderful feat was accom-

plished with the aid of_ a steel plate, bent at right- 9 7i._
angles and fastened with screws against the spot at '

which she aimed the muzzle of her weapon; and the

steel plate was so made that when the bullet struck 

‘See NIcx'Cn1'n Wuxur ‘No. 634.

S

 

   
 

2 ' . NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

it was deflected; it ﬂew off at right—angles and struck
the bull's-eye which Millie could not even see when

she ﬁred the shot.
It has been said that a bullet cannot be ﬁred around

acorner; but Millie Slade did it.

How long and carefully, and how assiduously she
had toiled and practised in order to accomplish the
feat, need not appear here; but after she had become
proﬁcient in the act she always said that it was really
the simplest thing she did in the show.

«Of course, it was important that the bent steel plate

3 should be mathematically exact; that it should be
l placed with exactitude; that the target containing the

b,ull’s-eye to be hit must also be corredtly placed-——and
Millie always attended to those arrangements in per-
son.

But after everything was in place, Millie only had
to fire her bullet against the steel plate, striking it at
a certain point, to have the bullet deﬂected so it would
ﬁnd its target exactly.‘ ,

"You or I perhaps might have found it diﬂicult to
hit the bent plate of steel with perfect exactness, but
it was a simple matter for Millie to do so, since she
was unquestionably the greatest pistol-shot since Ira
Paine. , ' ~
Well, that was how she killed James Dumont.‘ She
knew his habits; she knew that he always slept Sun-

, day afternoons; sheimade her way ‘to his rooms in

his ‘absence, took measurements, fastened the steel
plate to the .window-frame just outside the open upper
half of one of the windows—and then, when Sunday

- {afternoon came she walked past the house, and from

the street ﬁred her bullet against the bent plate. The
bullet was deflected to the couch, and it killed the
man who was sleeping there. _ V _ V ‘
Dumont, the murdered rnanjhad been a tiger-tamer
for -the “Homogeneous 1ﬁHost:of Spectacular‘ Special-

‘ -J is_ts‘?.;embla2oned~ on the bill-boards by ‘.‘Hindpaugh’s

Aggregation of World-renowned .Pq;rforrners.7"

. Among-his tigers. was one called Prince, Dumont’s
.' own: personal property and his. particular pet.’ Prince

hadtaken a great fancy to Nick Carter; had, in fact,

Abehoine his property after the. deathpof Dumont, ac-
. cording to the wishes of the latter? and it should be

$_§ld‘TTlgi1t here that .the presence. of the tiger‘ in the

 at the time of the killing at Dumont...-.~the fact

of its presence there--had materially’  detec-

  in clearing »up:‘ the mysteries J involved _ in the

‘E 3:93  history,’oflthe.‘incidetits whschetea. ’ ii to this
; my gym t'omid.in No, 63q_o£ithe Nrcac Cur1sn%nax2.r,«,
“1'.heT'ts¢.tTamer-”   

      

 

 

VVith0ut going deeper into the preceding incidents,
it is sufﬁcient to state that this explains why the tiger
was at Nick Carter's house at all; also how it hap-
pened to be there in order to make its escape and con-
sequently to terrify Joseph and to startle the detect-
ive, when he arrived at his home, almost two hours
after midnight, following upon the arrest of Millie
Slade. ‘-

The tiger had been at Nick Carter's house two days.
Dumont was killed Sunday afternoon; the arrest of
Millie Slade followed on Tuesday morning, shortly
after ten o’clock; it had occurred in the room where
Dumont was killed, whither the detective had induced

‘Millie to accompany him; she had confessed her crime

and was given over to the charge of a lieutenant of
police, who was present at the time———and Nick. Carter
had hurried away to catch a train for Philadelphia,
where he had an important engagement. He had left
Philadelphia for New York again, at ten that night;
had arrived shortly after twelve; had stopped at a
restaurant on his way home, and all this with the re-
sult that when he did reach his own home, the time
was shortly before two in the morning.

The tiger had been left in the meantime in charge
of Joseph, to whom the beast had seemed also to take
a particular fancy—and it had been Nick Carter’s in-
tention to bestow the beautiful animal upon‘the zoolog-
ical department of the Bronx Park, the following day.
In the meantime, it had been given a room at the top
of the detective’s house, where Joseph fed it and

watered it "and cared for it during the few hours in .

which Nick Carter was compelled to be absent‘.

But now, when the detective ran up the steps of his
ownivhouse and was met by Joseph, who opened the
door forihim, it may be realized how startled he really
was to hear his servant iexclaimiz J _

“Oh, Mr...Carter! I am so glad you have come! The
t_ige_r_has.escaped_!I_’: . .. ' '

Nick stopped .stock~still
threshold. _ i '

‘fWhat ?”_he‘ said sharply. f

Joseph repeated theinformation tremblingly, for he
was seriously frightened. His face was pale and
drawn; his eyes were furtive, as if he expected the

in the act of crossing the

tiger to leap out; upon him at any instant from some ‘

darkcorner. The horror of the sistuationi had "gotten
upon J‘oseph’s nerves, notwithstanding the fact that
personally’ he" had not been in the least afraid or 
animal. V _ . . ’

‘But a huge tiger-,'at large in the streets of New

Ycrls at, .th.~==...s1e.ad. °f,n§8h*- ,"V“3...<1t!it¢. a.n°thc_r  ’

.»i::_, 1» I .-

’f ” I ‘i , .: l 
. , . » l " ..

 

 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 3

than having a pet tiger in a room where it was docile
I and kind; where it understood and obeyed each com-

mand that was given it; where it purred and seemed

content if it were not left too long a time alone.

For Prince was a companionable beast; he did not
like solitude; he objected to being alone. Raised
from a cub in the personal care of its former master,
treated from its birth as if he were a pet dog, he had
been accustomed to being talked to and Baressed. One
of the admonitions of Dumont to the detective when
they had talked together about the tiger, had been:

“When Prince becomes your property never leave
him too long a time alone. He becomes restless and
nervous without human companionship, Mr. Carter.
That is one of the reasons why I want youto have
him after I am gone. _
do, if he were neglected, but I fear he would turn as
savage as he is now docile.” ‘

Nick recalled thatiadmonition while he faced Joseph
in the doorway. But it was .not a time for recrimina-
tions.

It did not even matter, just then, ‘how the tiger had
escaped, or why. The important fact seemed to be
that Prince was at that moment at liberty, in the city

’ of New York, and that the dreadful possibilities of
* such a thing could not be conjectured.
Even if Prince possessed the best intentions in the

world when he wandered forth, he was still a tiger,

and he would produce a panic wherever he appeared;
even if he looked 'upon.all persons he met with the
same docility he displayed with Nick Carter and

’ Joseph, he would none the less fill them with terror;
 even if he could be safely approached at any moment,
- and would permit himself to be led back'again into
 captivity, there would be no person who would dare to
 approach him. ' _, i I
 And then there were the other possibilities.

, ‘People would ﬂy fromhim; horsg would be fright-
,  and run away; policemen mighit shoot at him.

 A tiger’s temper, even among the best of them, is
‘7 axhing not safely to‘be relied upon under trying cir-

; jcliznstanees. ”

A   condition which Nick Carterfound himself fa-
 as he stood there in his own doorway, was ap-
, 'j§f§The‘ first and mostmecessary question under the
"ﬁtumstanees, Nick Carter shot out at Joseph, in-
§3;33.ﬂY= . I
ow? longago ?’,’i he demanded. “When did he
’‘:»,/.g A “ - .

\

  

 

 
  
  
  
  
 

 

     

I don’t know what he would

if  k;\low, sir,” was the trembling reply. _

“VVhen did you discover that he was gone?”

“Less than half an hour ago.” ,

“Less than half an hour ago! Great Scott, Joseph,
have you been waiting here for my return all that
time, when ”

“No, sir; no! I have been looking for him! I
have, indeed! I have run up and down the avenue
and around the block. I only just came back into the
house——just now, sir !”

“When was the very latest that you know the tiger
had not escaped?” '

“I went to the room to carry some fresh water to
him, at " . '

“Well? \Vhy do you hesitate? What time was
that, if it is the last time you saw him?” i

“I am trying to be exact, sir, It was shortly after
eight.” T i

“Shortly after eight! Six hours ago! And I or-
dered you not- to leave Prince alone more than half
an hour at a time, till my return! Is that the way

' you obey my orders?”

“Oh, sir—-I ”

“Silence!”

The detective turned on his heel and ran down the
steps again, into the street.

He felt that he had wasted too much time already;
that he ought not to have hesitated a'second after
he was told of the tiger’s escape. Somewhere in the
city the tiger was roaming at large, and the one dom-
inant fact was that he must be found without delay. A

 

CHAPTER II.
AN AMAZING TABLEAU.

‘ Where to search for the tiger!

That was the dominant, overwhelming, awe-inspire
ing question; the unanswerable one.

“Six hours!” the detective muttered to himself, as
he paused for an instant upon the corner next above
him own house. “Five hours at the least. Five hours.
of liberty in the _street! Five hours of wandering
unleashed! Good Heavens, Prince ought certainly to
have left a trail behind him that should not be difficult
to follow.” ' -

It would seem so, indeed. ‘ . '

“Even if he has injured nobody,” the detective con-
tinued, “he should have frightened hundreds. Dozens
of policemen should have reported him to their sta- ~
tion-houses before this time.” ‘

Nick , discovered a policeman approaching him,

 

V

I

 

  

 
   
 

4 ' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. >_

down the avenue, and he hurried to meet the ofﬁcer——
and he was one who was well known to the detective.

“Cal,” he exclaimed, as soon as he was near enough
to speak, ~“have you seen or heard anything about a
tiger that is at large somewhere, in the streets?”

To the utter amazement of the detective, the oﬁicer
burst into a laugh;,and he laughed on, immoderately
for a time until Nick stopped him with an impatient
exclamation.

“Answer my question!” he said sharply, “and don't
stand there, laughing like a fool!”

The olﬁcer controlled himself instantly, and he re.~
plied: ‘

“I am sure I beg your pardon, Mr. Carter, but I
had not the least idea that your question was a serious
one. I thought you meant Charlie Murphy, and you
know that McCarren‘ has-————”

“Enough of that. Answer me.”

“I am trying to do so, -sir. You see, Moriarity was‘
on this beat early in the night, and he reported that

he had seen a tiger on the street. Of course, nobody

believed him, but, all the same, he stuck to it. The
lieutenant swore that Moriarity had been drinking,
and he laid him off, and everybody has been laughing
about it ever since. Moriarity is ”
/ “Where did Moriarity say that he saw the tiger?”
the detective interrupted.
' »“Why, right along here somewherex”

“What time?” ,

“About eight-thirty or a quarter to nine, I suppose

. it was.”

.\Which way‘ was the tiger going? What did Mori-
arity say about it?” —

. “I don't rightly know,isir;» nobody believed him,‘

and-———-” ‘
“More fools, they l"
“Sir, you don't. mean to say "
“That a tiger was at large? Certainly. Moriarity

i  ~ was right and your lieutenant is an ass. You can tell
~ him: so for me when you return to the stationqiouse.
tWhere is your nearest telephone-box ?” i

“At the next corner, sir.” ' s

L  ; T“’1_‘ake methere at once, and openiit for me. Then
a .. to the station-house that a_ tiger is’ at large on
 sgzthe streets. . Say thatiyou have it  Tell them
i  H  ask  about it. Say that I~want.a11 the
 information there is,  that I want it quick!”
  wereinot‘ Ian: ‘in arriving at the telephone-

;b_o‘:é..aft‘er that. ;forfthe. iolﬁéerpsaw by the manner or

‘detective that  jokingrmatter.’ I II,
  i  M owned was.

ill

 

. if some one angers him.

 

very meager. All that could be gleaned was to the
effect that two ofﬁcers had reported seeing a tiger on
the streets that night—one of them at about eight-
thirty——-doubtless Moriarity——-the other an hour later.
Both reports had been regarded as jokes, and no at-
tention had been paid to them.

The_ detective was nonplussed.

1 He did'not' know what to make of the circum-
stance. The idea that a huge Bengal tiger could roam
at will about the streets of the city at that early hour
of the night and bring only two reports of being seen
was of itself preposterous. _ ,

The only manner in which Nick could account for
it was that the tiger had gone inside of some place
and had perhaps been shut in; but, even so, some
notice must have been taken of the beast.

The detective took the telephone himself, and had
the wire connected with the central ofﬁce; and then
he reported just what had actually occurred, begging
that a general alarm be sent out, and he added:

“I will call you again from another box, a little
later. In the meantime, I hope 'you will have some
information to give me. I must get track of the tiger
somehow, for there is no telling the harm he may do
He is as docile as a dog
with me’; but others don’t know that fact."

He left the policeman then and hurried onward,
lookingup and down each street as he passed it, but
nowhere did he see or hear any sign of the wandering
Prince. «

At. the end of 'half an hour he called up headquar-
ters again, but nothing had been heard. _

It was a marvelous circumstance that not a thing
had been seen or heard of the tiger, ‘save thcme two
reports already mentioned, and Nick Carter was ase
tounded. j A ‘ r

' In his eligefysearch he doubled on his tracks many‘
times, going thigway and that, but keeping all the
tiiiie in the same neighborhood , but without results.

“Can it be possible,” he asked himself, “that Prince , =i

has made for the open country, and that he has slunk
along, keeping out of sight, so that no one~has seen
him save those two oﬁicers?” _
It would seem sd, and yet as the detective thought
it over, it did not -seem possible. ’
He had paused to ask Himself these questions, 

now he noticed that he was standing on the eornerbf ‘
Twenty-eighth Street and the avenue. He was  .a_
comparatively short distance from the studio aparte ‘
merit where Jim’ Dumont, the tiger-tamer, was killed:
a short time‘witlz_;liisj

1 . *

where the tiger hadlived £91-

  
  

.3-

'-  as  ..:..u:e'.._ ..-.«......:‘. .._. ,  ... ._ 

    

 

NEW_ NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 5

formei' master; where the tiger had actually ‘been in
the room with Dumont when he was shot; where the
animal had mourned alone beside the body of his dead
master during many hours until Nick Carter had ar-
rived on the scene and entered the room.* ’ h
It occurred to the detective at that moment that
the tiger, following the instinct of its kind; might,
upon ﬁnding itself at liberty, have sought its former
‘home; have sought the spot where it had lived with
'’-{,i Dumont. ‘ ,
V i It was only a huge cat, after all; and cats proverbi-
.! ally willreturn to a place of former residence, if an
‘ ‘opportunity oﬁers.! _ '
' L It was a slender‘ chance to follow, and yet the de-
 v tective acted upon it at once.
' He hurried through the street toward the house it:
_ " question, wondering if he would ﬁnd the huge beast
  catnpedupon the front steps when he should arrive.
 ‘ The time was now half—past two in the morning; the
 streets were deserted; as he approached the house he
i‘ "S saw not a soul in any direction; and at last he reached
I  front steps of the house he sought, and ran up
j "them quickly. _ ‘
 ~ For a glance had told him that the front door of
 p1a,¢e~was open-‘—’-thatyis, that it was swinging half-
 It gave entrance upon a hallway, from whence
stairs led to the upper. floors. The apartment, con-
sisﬁng of two rooms and a bath, which Dumont had
. iiecupied with the tiger, was at the top of the house,
 ,3‘ theunansard roof. , — ' i
;—.*7‘,,_ NA dim light burned in the hall. Nick was rather
it ‘amazed’ ‘ ’ “to find thé door ajar. He knew it was not the
,i't“of the janitor of the place to, leave it so-—but it
, 3 always possible that one of the tenants, entering
at‘ A had not securely latched the door after him.

   
    
  

    
   
 
 
    
     
  
    
 
  
   
   
       
  

_ . e nt, when he had had occasion to visit it before,
 stilt retained it, Now, as he ascended the stairs
‘ ii {for and found it. ‘ " ’
Twhile he ascended the stairs he felt that it
“silly notion for him-to believe that he would
 there; but  was. impelled to go on,
i his better judgment -

_;.d The door which opened upon
' of thetwo contained in the apartment
”’ was almost, shut, however, but not
f llghtrnot Mlrider than an eighth
f)ro’m‘top’to bottornof the door-
 wasnot latched , .
’ em  t ‘

    

Ttixr “ 1\fiékvCa1-ter had possessed himself of a key -to the’

the landing at the head of the last ﬂight ‘

The detective stopped a moment to listen; but he
heard no sound whatever, although it was altogether
astounding that any person should be in that apart-
ment at that hour.

Dumont's eﬁects had not been removed; to arrange
for that duty had been a part,of Nick Carter's pro-
gram for the day following. But who had dared to
visit that apartment in the middle of the night, with-
out permission, to search through the effects of James
Dumont?

Men think rapidly under circumstances such as Nick
Carter found himself surrounded by at that moment.
As he went over the former case, which had ended in
the murder of Dumont and the arrest of the woman

who had killed him, ‘he decided that only one person .

in all the world would have an interest in searching
that room. among Dumont’s effects, and that one per-
son would be Millie Slade herself—unless, indeed, she
had succeeded in persuading the manager of “Hind-
paugh’s Aggregation of World-renowned Wonders”
to do so for her; for Millie was in jail, or, at least,
she was supposed to be.

But she had been in love with the manager——Chris-
topher Powers by name. Behind that fact rested the
real motive for the crime she had committed, for
James Dumont was her husband, although they had
been estranged for years.

All these thoughts ﬂew throughthe brain oi the
detective during the moment when he hesitated at the
head of the stairs; then he stepped forward quickly
toward the door, and pushed it wide open. _

As has been said, it was the door that gave upon
the rear room of the two that formed the apartment,
which fact accomited for Nick’s not having seen the
reﬂection of the light from the sidewalk of the street.

Nevertheless, the electric lights had been snapped
on, and were burning brightly, illuminating the room
brilliantly. '

And what a sight it was that met the gaze of the ,
A detective, as he stood there in the open doorway. ga‘-' A
zing into that apartment which had been the sleeping-

room“ of the tiger-tamer. . .

- The room itself was a large one. In the very center 7

of it the tiger was crouched, so that he faced the open

‘door wherein Nick Carter was standing-wand the ani-
mal raised its head as the detective appeared on the

thresholds’ A .‘
,.It is almost impossible to ‘describe the scene ade-'
quately. i‘ H '

 

~ Millie  equestrienne perfonner 
shot of was there also.   ii

    

.. ‘V _¥..‘

6 A NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

' lying, at full length on the floor, with her arms out-
stretched at right-angles with her body, and one of
_ . _  huge paws of the tiger was testing upon her, as
.  ‘Viflto hold her down in the position she had assumed.
'  Nick —could not tell whether the woman was dead
Odi.-not;. he dnly knew that she was perfectly motion-
A  less, and was therefore at least unconscious; but there
~Vlta8'not a mark on her that Nick could see. i
L‘ %;"I'.QB,ut.the* scene already described was not the only
astonishing sight thus“ revealed to the detective, for
huddled in a far corner of the room, where Nick had
 it, at first, was the body of a man-——a’ man
 face turned toward the detective; and in that
fI:ee;.Nick recognized instantly the features of Christ
 Powers, the manager of ,the circus. l ;
‘was atahieau well worth remembering, for dur-

 
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
   
     

 v_th,ere¥was’ nowhere a motion of any kind,
only the slow blinking of the eyes ofefthe tiger,
 regarded the detective in thedoorway,
it .,  iwithout theleast sign of anger. , ,1 _
,_rinc;e,’3 said the detective, then.‘ and in alow

  

  
  
 
  

..i“P.£i,nee ?” y » . ~
   did not oﬁer to move. It only blinked
 o£lNick Carter's presence. .

  
   
  
    

      
    
    
   
   
    
   
   

t , enviable ‘ situation. imaginable to
two o”eloc'k in themorning, in a

 

' i "  1iearch,was"ifi?“ .nnm:aa
 Slade escape

-A whose eyes were closed.

 theﬁrst moment or two after the detective a.p- ‘

'”istic ofghis habits. ,

going on at the time the tiger had appeared 

silence than did the form of Millie. Slade-.-'-and 

, ment, to observe whatehadheen going;-.o’n

was -evidenced h‘ere.had'also been  r

of fondness for him; of a sort of fondness that can
only be found in a faithful dog which loves its master,
no matter how savage it may be toward others.

All this time the tiger remained beside the insensi-
ble form of Millie Slade. ‘It did not offer to move.
A signiﬁcant and also a reassuring fact was that even
its tail‘was still———for a cat's tail is the barometer of s
its temper. In the canine family a movement of the
tail indicates joy and pleasure; in the feline family it
indicates the opposite. ”

Prince merely blinked his eyes toward the detective;
otherwise the animal remained motionless, with its g
huge right’-paw resting upon the body of the woman.

How long the detective remained staring at the
scene from that open doorway, he could not have told, 
but during the time he took in every detail of the  
with that thoroughness which was always character-«i 

C

a He saw, for example, that the drawers of  '
bureau and of a chiffonier had been pulled open 
ransacked; he saw that the top~of the trunk had hat;
lifted, the trays removed, and that the contents of:
both were scatteciede about the ﬂoor near it; the 
that a general search of the place had evidently;

  
       
  

  
  
     
   
  

terrupted it. _ ‘v

He saw the huddled heap of Powers’ body ‘over
the corner, betraying, so far as the detecti-ve‘eoitldV ,
serve at that moment, no more appearaneel 

detective was quite certain in that instantthat P
was dead, even though he supposed that Millie
was not. a V . A ~.
', But the eyes of: Powers were open and» T  

sites’ i

  

_ "glassyiin their lack of expression; and the body   V

  

it was huddled"in"the corner was limp.‘   .2
Nick could not see intothe front roox1‘i.o£,th1.¢, 

The questions arose iiiVe_hi.-ﬁrnind; 


I 1

dyironrrhere, A

 
      

  

 NEW NICK CARTER‘ WEEKLY. 7

The circumstance’ by which the detective was con-
.fronted was the all-absorbing one for the time being.
There was the tiger crouching upon the floor beside
the senseless form of the woman; there was the hud-
dled heap of the man in the corner; there was the un-
. certainty ofpthe possible attitude of the animal in the
g’ face of interruption. p i
, Looking into the eyes of the'tiger,"as he stood there,
the detective saw no indication of ﬁerceness or of tem-
per; nothing to suggest that the blood—lust of the ani-
mal had been aroused. -
'-  The expression of its eyes was outwardly the same
‘as always when Prince had looked upon the detective.
 reassured by this fact, Nick stepped farther into
i  room and partly closed the door behind him-

I  "It was a critical moment, forhe Could have 110 idea
"";,lfioW the creature would act, and yet he felt certain
of his own inﬂuenceover it. . —

. i He recalled in that instant that the tiger was alway

amenable to human inﬂuence when addressed in the
Hindustan“ language, and whatever else he said to
It after tha save only the creature’s name, was to be
 that tongue.
‘_“P1-ince,” he said, tal-sing astep nearer. “Prince,
 fellow, what is it 2’ Come here to me,” and he
 out his hand toward the beast, which emitted
._ _,_  -a,’ low‘. of satisfaction.
ii" iltseemed toithe. detective in that moment as if\ the
 were really glad of his presence_ there.
-“P1-jnce,”'he said, again, and this time quite sharply,
-'ﬁ|d_then in the Hindustanee tongue he ordered it to
and come to him. , i V
Slowly, ‘and with some appearance of reluctance,
 began to move. A-t 'ﬁrst it took its paw
y from the body of Millie Slade, then with great
« ration it contracted ﬁrst one muscle, then an-
d  it rose slowly to. its feet" and stood there,
.m_d,blinking across. the body of Millie Slade
man whom it: now recognized as its master.
‘betel’; -the detective ordered it againi and
 irnoved forward, with the slow, sinuous
" :wasp.na,tural, and in another moment was
 tsrjovyls against the detective _like.the great

 

  
  
    

 
 

9’

 
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
    
  
 

 and  its..head;i then down-
.  in its ears the endearing
, cg, .

ll;

.  he the ainimail for-giet

  

lI‘i_‘Cl'liJliI'I1_ Duniont had taught

hat room, andftoplreép its _
A ~ could  .

the apartment and away from the scene by which it
was‘now surrounded.

He got do\vn on his knees beside it presently, and
put his arm around the huge creature's neck, caressing
it and whispering to it as Dumont had taught him to
do; and then, after a little, when the creature was
purring quite loudly Nick assumed an upright attitude
again, and with a gentle pressure 11ot too insistent,
directed Prince toward the door, and so at last enticed
him out upon the hallway and down the stairs toward
the street.

Nick Carter confessed afterward, in discussing this
occasion with his assistants, that he had never passed
through a more thrilling time in his life than was oc-
cupied by the next twenty minutes during which he
led the tiger into the street and through it to the ave-
nue, and thence to the door of his own house, where
he rang the bell for Joseph.

We need not dwell upon the fact that Nick Carter
restored the animal to the room in ,his house, where
it had been formerly conﬁned, and that, having left
instructions with Joseph for‘ its care and to see that it
did not escape again, he hurried back to the studio
apartment in Twenty-eighth Street, where so much
remained to be done. _

This time Patsy and Chick accompanied him, for he
had sent Joseph to arouse them both; when he was a
home and on the way he explained to them all thaﬁ
had occurred at the Twenty-eighth Street house.

The appearance of things there were exactly as
he left them when he took the‘ tiger away. . Millie
Slade was still lying upon her back on the ﬂoor, where
the tiger had crouched beside her, and Christopher

-Powers, or all that remained of him, was huddled

over in the corner where Nick had first discovered
him. A _ L .
There had been no possibility of the detective’s pay-

wing any attention to either of‘ them at the time he took

the tiger away, for everything else had to be..sub-
servient to that one necessity.. ‘ _ 
Now, directing “Chick ‘to look after Powers, Nick,
with Patsy’s assistance, raised the form; of_ Millie
Slade from the floor, and bore it into the front room,
to the very couch upon which Jim pur‘nont.had 
lying when he was slain. . . v v: _ _ _

‘ The detective knew the moment he touched the l__2_o'd_v
ofrthe ‘woman that she washnot ma; that she was not i
even injured, ‘latgleast ,so‘,f;u_' as he could determine,
and he decided that she had merely fainted from
ror when the '  appeared upon the  :o_»;,,‘
~i.3¢F3'WEt  ‘< »  - "" i s  "  —*r'ft- 2 ii‘

    

     

  

!

       

 8 I NEW NICK

As he and Patsy stood over her, wondering what it
would be best to do, Chick came to them from’ the
rear room and announced, with some abruptness:

“Powers is quite dead, although I don't think that
the tiger had anything to do withit.”

“Why?” said Nick, wheeling upon him.

“Because I can see no evidence of anything of; the
kind. There isn't a mark ,of a tooth or a claw upon
his body; his neck is broken.” ,

“VVhat ?" exclaimed the detective.

“The man’s neck is broken; that is what killed
him.” l

“Then it was broken by a blow from Prince's paw,’:
said the detective, with conviction; but Chick shook
his head, and replied slowly:

“I don’t think so.”

“VVhy not?”

“Because if it were so-—if it were true that Powers’
neck was broken by a blow from the tiger‘s paw,
some evidence of the force of that blow would remain
upon the dead man’s features. There is no such evi-
dence. There is not a bruise of any kind upon him
that I can ﬁnd. There is not a scratch of a claw, as
would be apt to be the case had Prince struck, him with
his padded foot. There is not a mark of a tooth, and,
in‘ fact, there is no indication that I can discover that

V’ the tiger has been near enough to the man to touch
1m.” I
. Nick and Patsy listened to Chick’s statement» in
utter silence, and then all three looked from one to

_ another in 'amazed perplexity at the mysterious cir-

cumstance. I

Then, while they were still undecided what to say
or. do, and before any of them could make any further
remark, Millie Slade uttered a deep sigh and opened
her eyes. “

 

CHAPTER IV. ‘
THE STUDIO APARTMENT nYs'rEnY.- -

* ,. It would'not be, correct to say, unreservedly that

 ‘Millie Slade opened her’eye_s to consciousness,’ for, al-
though she could see the three men who were grouped

about her, there was no recognition in the glances she

I  upon them. . ‘I -
. I I She ‘looked from one face to another, deliberately’
A and apparently with very little interest; ‘then she

    
  
   

  inurmured something which nonelof them

 understand. a

*w?‘°*§¥“*°¥°“- 

'1.

' the rear bf the apartment, Cl0sing the door after 

I possible,’ “try to think. a moment. ’

 said; “pull yourself together. ,-

CARTER ’.\VEEKLY..

Again she opened her eyes and looked into the de- \
tective's face, smiling, and she replied:

“VVho. are you, and what do you want?”

“No foolishness, Millie," said the detective sharply.
“Don’t pretend that you do not know me, for you do.
How did you get here to these rooms? XVho brought
you here? How did you escape from the Tombs?”

She did not reply; she did not make any effort to it

do so; she only stared almost unwinkingly at the de~' P

tective, while the smile gradually left her lips and eyes, it
giving place to an expression of affright, which was
followed by a shudder, as she exclaimed, in a husky
whisper: ‘
\ “\/Vhere is it? VVhere is the tiger?"
“Gone,” said Nick. “I took it away.”
-“I don't believe you,” she retorted. “It is here now, I
It is waiting there behind you to attack me.” "
“No,” said Nick, “the tiger is not here.
away, I tell you,” and he stepped aside, hoping that
she would discover with the evidence of her own eye- I
sight that he, had spoken the truth. 0 J,__, _
Suddenly ﬁnding herself at liberty, she utterili a

loud scream, and at the same instant leaped from l1eri_»:~
recumbent position .upon the couch, shrieking and cry-. ‘-
ing out words of at-‘fright as she did so, and clawing r

at the air with her hands, so that Nick Carter, fearful
lest she would do herself an injury of some sort,

sprang forward and seized her to restrain her. ~'He_ 
saw in that ‘moment that she was quite beside herself ‘

as a result of the experiences she had passed \through,, ~
and that the terror. of her encounter with the tiger, ,

whatever the nature of that encounter might have: I
been, had unbalanced her mind for the time being, so .

that she was totally incapable of explaining any, 0

the things he wished to know. _- 
For a time she continued to struggle with almopt T-_,
maniacal strength, and thengradually her efforts 

sided and_ she sank back upon the couch again, ex».
haustedp ‘ A i - A _

By a gesture Nick indicated that the others, 
him alone with her, and Chick and Patsy 

Fora moment after they had gone the detecu‘, *
stood, looking down upon the face of Millie 
and then he drew_ a chair beside the couch and 

himself upon it, taking one of her hands and ham} 

it between both hisown.‘ ' V. I ' ~ _ .,
“Millie,” he said, rendering his voice as ‘
Don't yoixr
whoIam?”ir . 
She nodded, but she‘ did not reply.‘

I took it

.«. __

   
 
    
 
  
 
  
 

   
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 

._“Who am I?’—’ he asked. “Tell me that.”
lwithout an instant’s. hesitation, she responded:
‘You are Jim Dumont. I know you.- Don't. think
,‘ a moment that you can fool me. Am I not your
‘ Ie? j And haven’t I wished for, oh, so long a time,
t you were dead? Some day I will kill you, Jim,
day I will turn those pistols of inine upon you
those pistols that I know so well how toxuse. , I will
, ‘the ,bent steel plate which I use for the right-
." le target, and I will fix it somewhere so that I can
‘I t you down when you don’t know I’m looking at
' Ch, I have ‘thought of it fora long time, Jim
burnout. I have thought about it solong that I.dream
night.” I ' ’

to let her go on in this manner until she had
herself out, realizingethat it was the best way
. ¢o’b,»ing«.>h¢.r b‘acl<’to her senses, so that
 j51ain’._ft‘o,>»l1in1».the things so necessary for

1;;¢\ﬁ;7agg7ﬁ£»g__t;esf to humor her for the time being
g;§eai7t1~at he» was James Dumont, the tiger-
‘ ,,‘-‘hen’ erstwhile husband; and so he asked:
‘ iﬁiid you come here to see ,me, Millie?”

 lg‘, ‘ i ‘t‘I_did not want themsto remain
‘5?_.You know when you are dead I
ﬁgcide *»to!,r:1arry Christopher_»Pow'ers, and if I
H -dpowthat -I.\..don’t want,-him ever to know that I
y1;!§3__,1*p,Wife.'-'3 ' ’ I ’

> istavhsfi

  

   

'Po_wers came here with you, Mil-

 
    

 

  whertyon arrived?”
_ W __ t'hperpl_exity‘apP:ared- in her eyes,
.for5ai_tin1e-,sb§__ _ ‘ed puzzled what answer to

   

 

'    ‘w;-,;s  

  

liick Carterfclid not interrupt the Woman; 11¢. PFC-«

-wiantedmy ‘letters and pictures,” she, re-’

15;; this ques  3 but at la"st1sh_e nodded, and »
 ' ‘ ' "‘ei<elaim'cd petulantly. "what.cuqerencc does i_t.liii’alte,'

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ H9

how he got here or where he came from. Pernaps I
left the door open; I do not know. I saw Prince and
I screamed. I tried to run past him toward the door,
but he got in my way, and he wouldn't let me by.
Whichever way I turned he stood in front of me, and
then——oh, I don't know what then. I think the lights 7
went out. Everything was dark, and when it was
light again you were here and those men with you
VVh0 are they, Jim, and where have they gone?” J
“\Vait, Millie, wait a moment,” said Kick, in a
kindly tone. “Let us ﬁnish what we were talking
about first.”
"Again she seemed to forget her terror for the tiger .
for the moment, and Nick asked her gently:
“Where was Powers all this time?”
“All of what time?” It ..
‘ “Where was Powers when Prince came into the I».
room?” *‘ ., .e I
She shuddered at this question, and closed her eyes; A’-
but presently shemurmured: I 
“I don’t know.” 
“Wasn’t he there with you?”
She nodded. . 
“What did he do when the tiger came into the 
room?" . s ' 
“I don’t know.”
“Did he see Prince first, or did you P” I
,“I, don’t remember.” “ . ~_
“How long had you been with Powers
tiger came ?"  vi , _ - ,,
“Ohra long time, Jim; a very long time ; hours and
hours.’i . . s . 
_. “Had you i and Christopher Powers qtiarreled?
Were you quarréling when the tiger can3e?'7. V _g  
-She laughed at this question. and it was 
pleasant‘ laugh to hear. , i " "
"W113: do you ask so rnany_strangeTquestiona?’;

 

 
 
       
    

      
 
  

fore tl’1e«.p

 
      
    

31$

   
  

   
  

to you whether_ Christopher Powers. and quarreled

  

 to
tion were ‘pretense she certainly would not give it,
and if it were real she could not.

However, he tried another line of questioning, and
he asked her quite abruptly and with some sharpness
in his tone: ' "

. “How did you escape from prison, Millie?”

Slowly she turned her eyes upon him, as if she had
not in the least ‘comprehended the question, and then
after a moment she asked:

“What prison do you mean? What are you talking
about i"’ '

“You were in a prison-cell, weren’t you?”

“A prison-cell? No, never.” -

“Millie,” he demanded suddenly, “don’t you know

that I am not James Dumont ?"
.She did not answer. She only continued to stare
at him.

“Donft you know that James Dumont is‘ dead, and
that you killed him ?”

She continued to stare without replying.

.“Don’t you remember that it isn’t many hours ago
when you were placed under arrest, taken to a police
station-house and thence committed to the Tombs for
shooting your husband, James _Dumont ?” o

For a long time after that question she did not
move her eyes from the detectives face, but continued
to stare in the same expressionless manner, as if she
didanot in the least understand what had been asked
of. her; but presently, and with a suddenness which
the detective had not at alllexpected, she sprang from

iriiiithe couch, pushing against the detective, who was

seated beside her, as she did so, and so entirely un-

' — foreseen was her act that the chair was oveiturned

 Nick Carter was precipitated with it to the ﬂoor *

- before he had time to resist her attack.

_, iAnd with the_same frenzied effort ‘that had taken '
V  from the‘eouch to her feet, she leaped over him

. and away from him, ‘reached the door, tore it open,

slammed it shut behind her, and was’ runhing down

, /

.‘ .

 

"A ‘theiistairs by the time the detective could recover whim-

  mtﬁciehtly to pursue her. a - «l

J‘

 .  1' .CI-IAPTERV V.‘ r

 f*.‘Aegzu11?n:reo.rrre‘rraeit or me came.

 
 

_The}-cf  none 'ofJu_s. so expert ‘ihat_ accidents will

  ‘tojis   it ,was an ‘entirely funeix-e ,
     50?‘?! 11°t‘53V¢  

helped: ;

    

r    htnnediate. success I of

  

but you, Pat

.1-mvv M NICK. ‘CARTER’ WEEKLY.

Nick Carter in his pursuit of Millie Slade at that
moment.

He darted after her, of course, the moment he could
regain" his feet; but she had been wonderfully quick in
her motions, ‘and had passed through the door and
closed it after her before he really realized what had
happened. ‘,

VVlfen he did leap into the hallway in pursuit of her
she was already at the bottom of the ﬁrst ﬂight of
stairs she had to descend—and in her ﬂight she had
evidently kicked against a doormat that was lying in
front of the door through which she had made her
escape, and in doing so had propelled it across the hall
to the top of the stairs. ’

At all events, it was lyingithere, half—over the edge
of the top stair, and the result was that when Nick
Carter stepped upon it, it slid from beneath him, trip-

ping him effectually, so that he pitched, feet ﬁrst, down_

the stairs.

The wonder was that he did not receive an injury
by reason of the fall, but even then he was delayed,
for seconds count as much on such an occasion; and
by the time‘ he was again upon his feet and had taken‘
up the pursuit a second time, Millie had gained con-
siderably, and was already running down the steps
into the street.‘ , -

There fortune favored her, for a belated taxicab
was passing at the moment, returning from an engage-
ment; it was therefore unoccupied.

All that Nick Carter knew about the circumstance
at the time. was that when he rushed out upon the
street it was just in time to see the taxicab dashing
away at full speed, and to ‘understand that Millie had
managed to gain the inside of it and to induce the

. driver to carry her away somewhere.

.He ran after it, shouting; but if the chauﬂ’eur'heard
him, he paid no, heed‘; and in another moment the
vehicle had passed from sight around the next corner.
' But Nick ran onward, hoping that he would ﬁnd
another cab in which he might keep up the pursuit ;
but no such opportunity’ offered, and after seeing the

cab turn a second corner, he was forced to abandon ’

the chase for the time, and‘ to return slowly to the

house he had just left, and from which Millie‘ had}

succeeded in escaping him so dexterously. ~ _
He encountered Chick and Patsy at the top ofithe.

last ﬂight of stairs, and related what had happened; '_
‘ then he followed them into the rear room, saying as-‘ " i

hepdid   , _ v  s _ _ 
" “There is. no use ir1:trlyin_g‘i,to‘ follow," H
sy, hadvhetter g'ooa‘tV«once to the ’

w

 

 
 

1 \ .

      

  
    

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
    
   
   
 
  
 
  
 

"headquarters. of the red taxicabs. It isn’t likely to
be very long before the fellow who picked Millie up,
returns there.’ You can make him take you to the
place wherehe left her, and from there you should
have inoldiﬂiculty in tracing her, Chick and .1 will
remain here.” ‘ '
,f.As soon as Patsy had taken his departure Nick gave
qhisattention to an examination of the body of Chris-
topher Powers, and the more be extended his labors
the more puzzled he became over the circumstance. V
 Chick had, said, there was absolutely no mark
f any kind! upon the head or body of the dead man
" i’ l ' te what had happened to him. M .
The man's neck was broken; there was no §'ainsay—
that fact; but in what manner it had been broken,
by what agency, ‘was a mystery for W115Ch thﬁfei
seas no: apparent solution. e p - ,
rck Carter knewlperfectly_ l?V€11-5I1<3.§.<‘-<1: 3T1Yb0dY
91314 have known as 'minch—--that if» the man’s neck
C   byea blow from the paw of the
2’, V . 5 é Valence of the ﬁorce of it would have
;x;e€1~tt§indica’té the fact; there _was no such evi-

tigeri can strike, a terriﬁc blow with 9116 Of its
 1)aiys;'no_other,ani1n‘al_, unless it is a Nubian
gr :2:  ex-,5 can strike with such force;.and
. , feet of all such beasts are roughand wars?
3 x a _ se which »will’at onceibecome pro-
,, so when such a blow is struck. one or more
- A¢;awg.9‘f~,fhe.a'n§mg1 areesalways in evidence;
 " his neckiwas~bro'k.en. a£2d— itwas that fact
 dd h's'_ d_eat_h._ There‘ was not the least

   

 
 

CNEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

' to keep out effectually all drziughts. I used to teli

, itlTl,¢(7)yt,l1,€l'ei3n'c--,-thﬁ one that was used on 120‘ 
___o:n,the topof tl1e.other=things.”i C  
~ . .  vweii; rm

 

II‘

\

something from the interior, which he lifted and held’
before Chick’s eyes.

It was a long, slender bag, made ofturkey red, not

‘larger in circumference than a man’s wrist and about -.

a yard in length; but it was heavy and it bent readily
in one’s grasp, for it was ﬁlled with sand-—sea~san'd,
doubtless. I pi

“Do you know what that is, Chick?” the detective 
asked his assistant. "

Chick‘ took the article in his hand, examined
and returned it.

“I know what it is,” he replied. “It is a funny-K
looking bag, ﬁlled with sand; but what it is for, or ,
why it was ever made in that shape and size, I;c,annot¥-
imagine. Perhaps you will enlighten me.” C

“It is what is called a window-bag,” replied the
detective. “Ethel made a lot of them once when we :
were first married. The house we lived in at the time A. "
was clraughty. The wind insisted ,upon  in Q
around the windows. I brought a kit as sea-s;-ma 

it,

‘home for her to use, and whenithe bags were made‘ 

we had only to lay them along, the tops of the ,S¢’_iSl!€.°;ifj 

  

 

  
 

her ‘then that they would prove veryseffectiive weapon
ifProPer1Y use<.’’‘ , * z ’ I 
, Before‘ the detective ceased speakingiin 
explanation; he had dived his head into the depths off
thetrunk and was searching about hirn .assidu6us

and presently he strailghtenedfup again, tvm;_:wo.,saors

  
    
  
 

  
    
   
    
   
  

of the  sort of bags in his grasp. . he _.
He was smiling, now, if somewhat grimly. ‘~ 
“See,” he said-; ,“here is the explanation 
“Oh, isit? I confessvthat I do not see it,’,’ 

Chick- .> . L‘ ' C  
“Don't you see that-here are two more bagsof the

same sort. Chiel; 3“ , ' i . - ‘ . 
‘,‘Yes; bixtiwhat of it?” . , ..   ~ 
“Two of them were at the bottom;o£ the

      

   
  

   

  
  
   

0

    

  

   

    
   

    
   

 -
no hm. a

  

 1: NEW] NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

sire to do so, and he would suppose her to be safely
locked up in the Tombs.”

“Well?”

“Now, Chick, I haven't a doubt that when Powers
entered this room he left the door open a crack, in
order that he might hear the approach of any person.
He wasn’t used to burglarizing, and a manner of es-
cape would be his ﬁrst thought.” ‘

“But, ﬁrst, why should he care to come here at all?”

“I don’t know as to that-—unless it was to get the
same things that Millie came after. Perhaps when we
read those letters we will be able to answer that ques-
tion.” "

“Perhaps.”

“Anyhow, it is beside the present question.”

“Well?” ‘ V '

“If Powers did get here first, if he did leave the
door open a crack so that he could note the approach
of any other person, it follows that Millie came up
the stairs so silently that he did not hear her. It fol-
lows also that when she got almost to the door, she
saw the light through the open crack, of it, and that
after that she came still more silently. She would
have tiptoed forward and peered into the room. She
would have seen-—-for instance-the ﬁgure of Powers,
bending over the edge of the open trunk, searching
its contents.” ‘

Chick nodded. .

"At that instant she may, or she '-may not, have
recognized him. The probability is that ‘she did not.
She may even have gotten the idea thatlit was I.”

— “That isn’t unlikely.” I.

“Powers doubtless had already scattered many.of

 articles the trunk contained, about him on the floor,

'_ outside it, and among them this particular bag of
* ' island, which was doubtless one of three which Dumont
s carried wi'th him to use in draughty hotels.~ It is not

found him.”
tinued:

“Don’t you see that she must have recognized him
too late? that she saw with horrbr the fact that she
had struck down the man she had learned to love?
the man for whom she murdered Dumont ?”

Chick nodded.

“Mechanically, she tossed the red Sandbag away
from her, horriﬁed by what she had done. It fell in-
side the trunk again, on top of the remaining things.”

“But could Millie Slade strike so terriﬁc a blow as
that one was, Nick?"

“Certainly. Have you forgotten what her occupa-
tion hasralxvays been? A_bareback-rider, an athlete
like Millie, has ‘muscles of steel,‘ trained to perfection.
Millie Slade is much more powerful in that way than
the average man would be. If that sandbag, wielded
with all the force she could bring into use, fell across
the nape of the man’s neck while he was bending for-
ward with his head inside the trunk, his neck was

Nick was silent a moment, and then con-

‘broken instantly; even the force of the blow at the

base of his brain would have killed him, and he would
have been hurled into the corner where we found
him.”
“I guess you are right, Nick; but what of the tiger?
Where does he happen, in this affair, do you think?”
“I ,should say that Prince happened on the scene
right then. That is the way it looks to me,” was the
reply. ' _
“And so frightened her into a ﬁt, eh ?”
A“Frightened her so that she fainted.away—-for I
happen to know that she feared the tiger more than
anything else in the world.”

i

 

[CHAPTER VI.

THE‘MOTIV._E BEHIND rim ACT.

, :Tt’he'-trunk, shepknew what it» wasancl how it might

 unlikely that Millie made those‘ bags herself, when she
W’-'~-andf'iD1unon_t.were happy 3. together, and that he had
~ [kept thern in his possession for“ sentimental reasons.
_ «she did make them, and saw one of them on the '
 -iﬂoor behind the man with his head concealed inside

“While we areihere, Chick, and while Patsy is at-
tempting to get on the trail ofiMillie Slade again, and
before ,we inform the police-station and the coroner
of the deathgof Christopher Powers, we may as went
use the opportunity to search through the elfects of
James Dumont, which seem to have interested him‘
and the bareback-rider so intently.” I

"Chick 'stepped forward, and was abdut to continue _ 
a further examination of» the trunk, when his chief 

s  l)e;nxadé use or." ‘
' .7 ,"I, guess there is no doubt of that." ,
:i  did supposethat I was the man at the trunk,
 no tiniein possessing herself of the weapon
 Itpwould be the Work of an instant stopped him‘: and said esmiliugly: , * j
    it," and to. deliver»the_.b15w . “Not there, Chick. “ Asdittle as  knew of Dumont,‘ ‘ 
id 1:    force of it not oulyfbroke  I am sure that he.‘-would’ not leave papers ordocuinents:  e
 ‘ fthevcomer--wtgere»‘§ve"!in such a place use trunk, .particular1y.“1’f hedid not 

.\.

 

9-,.

    
 

   

  

 

 

 ‘ wish prying eyes to ﬁnd them. VVe will search about
in the other room, the room in which he lived. This
room was only used for sleeping.”

There was a desk in that front room,,th'e property
of the former occupant, and to this article of furniture
the detective gave his attention. It was an ordinary
desk, with a drop-front, and although the detective
carefully examined every particle of its contents, he
could ﬁnd nothing of a personal nature which Powers
and Millie Slade might have been interested in. Nor
was there any other article in the room which sug-
gested a different hiding-place. .

Presently, however, it occurred to the detective to
remove the. small desk away from the wall, and in
doing so the door of'a small receptacle was disclosed,
which opened in the back of it. It was locked, but by
one of those ﬂimsy contrivances which one may pick
with a bent hairpin, and Nick quickly had it open, re-
vealing several packages of Iletters tied together with
red tape, and a number of photographs, among which

1. were several of Dumont, the tiger-tamer, and Millie

3 Slade, the equestrienne; taken together.

‘Ii 2 The remaining _ones, with twcgexceptions, were of

*,Millie .herself' in different poses and attitudes, and

A  evidently at widely different periods of her

fl jcareer. ‘

 A The two exceptions‘ were what interested the detect-
 most, since they proved to_be very recent photo-

 and represented Millie Slade and Christopher_

Powers, the dead man in the adjoining room. ‘ l

  ‘»,‘f.‘The§é pictures suggest a reason for Powers’ visit
ibéret”, said Nick, passing them to his assistant.

-.-, iv. “Why so?” replied the latter.

 “Because they are the sort of photographs that

I ;.jiv.ou1(1’.not be likely to be found in the possession of

.;>fDunjiont unless he had possessed himself of _them by

. pklﬂrreptitious means.” ‘

~’ -""1 dor(’.t think I understand," said chich. . .

“'31 must remind you then that at my ﬁrst 1!'llC€I'V1eW

  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
      
    
  
   
  
  

iifiuvitation, he told me in s0"Il1.anY W°’d5 that he
‘ $3_55igat‘iog15 by Milluic‘ Slade. \ He C0ﬂfC5SCd to
.-  she=wa's;his wife. That they had

  ten years previously; had‘ liived together

7'

’hii~;lifé than once, and by innuendo and
' "had frequentlytnpubled him in like. man-
H ‘I. ‘;V:l— * 5 ” p M p

 

Jin‘i_Di.lm0nt, the tiger-‘tamer. f0l_i0Win8' the CV6,-.
  Patsy and~I attended_the' circus together at .

 ith‘ag.two years and were ,then_separated.:
.g,§§Id‘&w; if remember. that she had threat-'

NEVV NICK. CARTER \VEEKLY. I3»

‘:It struck me at the time he was telling the story,
Chick, that he had more information back of it than
he chose to reveal, and now I think I know what he
meant by that.”

“VVell, what did he mean ?"

“I think he meant that he had documentary proof,
not only that Millie was quite willing to make use of
her remarkable achievement as a pistol—shot to assassi-
nate him, but that Christopher Powers had done more
or less to uphold her in the grim determination.” ii

“I don’t think I understand you yet.”

“In order to do so, Chick, you must leave the pres‘-
ent circumstances for the moment and bring your
mind to bear on the fact that Millie Slade did eventu-
ally kill James Dumont by shooting him with the aid
of one of her mechanical contrivances she called a
right-angle target.”

“Yes.” .

“Iarrested her, charged her with the crime, and she
confessed it. She was taken to prison, and while she
was still supposed to be there in close conﬁnement,
Powers for some reason, which does not appear, broke
his way into these rooms for the purpose of searching
them.” _ x

“We are already aware of all that.”

“Yes, but doesn’t it occur to you that it must have
needed a strong incentive indeed to induce Powers
to take the risk in coming here to these rooms in the

dead of night to break into them and search them?”

“Assuredly.” ‘

—"Well, Chick, knowing all the circumstances as we
do, being familiar with all the incidents of the case

‘ as we are, it seems to me that there could be only one ' '

incentive strong enough to force Powers to commit
such an act”.

“What would it be?” p
“The only incentive that could have induced him to

come here as he did come, and to take the risk he did '

take, would be the strong desire on his part to destroy‘
evidence he knew to exist which would connect him

with the commission of the crime that resulted in _

Dumqnt’s death."
“I but half understand you,
sistant. A I _ . «
“I think, Chick, unless I am greatly mistaken, that
you will ﬁnd the answer to the riddle in one or more
of those packages of letters‘ before us; for I thor-.

N'ck,”’ [said the as-

pughly believe before I have touched them--iuaw that

I have  thesetwo pictures in which Powers’ face

 oiie or more of those packages contained 

x

 

  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
     
 
  
 

I ‘ _ "

.1; l  ' ' mawe NICK CARTER W-EWEKLYT;

H letters, written by Powers to Millie Slade which 1311- ' “That seems to explain how they happened to meet -
moat somehow possessed himself of.” here,” said Chick.

 ‘..‘By Jove! I haven’t thought of that.” “It is_merely a coincidence,” the detective Went on,
, “Don’t you see that if he really feared assassina- “that Prince should have escaped from the‘ custody
 at the hand of one or both of thosetphople; if he ¥ of Ioheph at the very opportune moment he did; for .
i was conversant with their plottings and plannings had he not made his escape these documents would
's.;assertions— to me would lead me to suppose, he have disappeared, and the escape of Millie Slade would
 have takentevery measure in his power to assure not have been discovered at least until morning.”
laxzfttselhof the truthof the suspicions?” ,\ “And Powers,” said Chick, with a shrug, “would
“  L g V L . a’  have returned to his -duties as manager of the circus,
Heweuid not have hesitatedeto break into Millie's conﬁdent that no shadow of suspicion could ever fall
q1'1a:’te“!'s.-to Search for letters she might have received upon him.”

 Covers; and if he found those letters,’ which I “Exactly.” . »
hedid, and discovered in them statements in The detective reached forward then, and examined
 ‘age ’t handwriting whichgwould incriminate the the packages of letters,,one by one, smiling meaningly‘_
mart iasianiaccessory to the murder then planned and when he discovered that two of them were, as he had
4! eominitted, Powers would dare everything and supposed, written by Christopher Powers to Millie 

.,

is/to secure possession pf thoseletters to save, Slade.“ _ . V r g,
rem‘ arrest and indictment as an accessory Letter by letter the two detectives opened and _
ider?" ' 4‘ . i _  i = T M searched them, and they found many in which refer-_d
p L U is  t  t. it . , M ’ ence was made to the projected assassination ~o£;gDu=-if
swift  a little once more.» Byfdoing so mont ; and there was one letter’ written out at coiisidi-,
 ‘hat the thefttof those letters and the two , erable ‘length, which contained i!1_pia.iTl4t€ﬂ,‘l3fS' the mg; 
‘ sygu hold in"‘yOu’:: hand, hastened the mo» gestion to Millie that"she_'rnake use of her rigiht-angle, e
iaysisassinationg for Millie of course missed target to accomplish Dumonfs death. g A it
 things and, there is no doubt . In thatﬂlettea‘ the circu"s-manager even went so far 
Powets they had been stolen,” ‘as'to ‘remind her of the habits of Dumont, who was
it 7 take fh8fIl"‘lOﬁ§i £9 d¢t¢I‘l_'1-line who was known generally among his friends to pass his Sunday
' i .V,- «  . V p p ' in negligée cost,_ume,: reading the papers and smoking

; a,g¢.w;,g1'g ])u,mm,dead' mg,-de,-ed and to sleep ‘away most pf such afternoons in solit’
 of that right-angle target; 3" hi5'V0°m3-" L . « 5 g _ ‘ _  *2: 

, rrestgawaiting indictment at the This particular, letter was_sut‘flc5¢”,ﬂ-Y iWimina,tiI2g‘f
L ,w;;§5.mg,kmW1edge that those t§nm:;m;__ in its cliaracter‘ so that ‘i_fJit had been found among)
5;; mtamang .the‘¢ge,_.ts of the dead the effects of Durham by the district-attbrney or 

" Vb‘q'gm:¢"wQu1d damgtsve,-ything of his assistants, it would undoubtedly hang: brqugy

 ' mggicﬁ V0»; themy V _ about the‘man’s arrest, and gone slough way ' ég

 
     
      
 

    
    
 
  

  
   
  
  

      
      
   
     
    

     
     
 

    
  

i s 5,,   V H . _ ‘, _prov(ing. him ‘equally guilty with :S;lade
.  fa  with. rmirder of the tiger‘-tarn‘er.,  «y T V . 

  

‘Here then wasaffull
,' ristopher;Pow¢rs ins

 
  

   :¥Jua:* how

  

 learned to hate, and would have dealt the blow‘ with
the turkey-red sandbag which had broken Powers’
neck and hurled him into ahuddled heap on the floor
in the corner at the very instant when herwas attempt-
ing to rise to defend himself. if T L

Thus far it seemed as if everything in connection '
with the case was made clear.

It was still a mystery how Millie Slade had left her
prison—cell and gone to the studio apartment in the
dead of night, and it was still a mystery how- Princi’-,
the Bengal tiger, had found his way there in time-to
interfere withiwhat was going on, and to hold the
tableau which Nick Carter ultimately discovered 80
strangely in his search for the tiger.

 

" CHAPTER VII.
NICK ICARTI-2R’S s'r§Ai~:GEsr ASSISTANT."

_t Concerning the escape of Millie Slade and her Pres‘
ence at the studio apartment at the critical moment, we
.h£id' better explain at once, in “order that the reader
may not be left in doubt-\about it. .

J The fact of .the matter was that she had not been‘
transferred from the station-house to the‘ Tombs, as
:Nic_k Carter had supposed, but remained at the precinct
‘ lihtil after dark on the evening of her arrest. ,

', w:'.Then orders’ came to make. the transfer,‘and Millie
was fake“ in charge by two police—oFﬁcers, whose in- V
-strucitions were to deliver hergto the warden of the
i°ltY~prison. , _
(‘It ‘was here that Millie's peculiar craft as a circus
 and a fascinating woman came into fullplay.

it  not niow krjown, and probably never» will be,
 how he bamboozled those two police-oﬂicers into
ijgéﬂnitting heﬂtb vanish ‘for one moment from their
; buttliat she didisucceed in inqlﬂclﬂg them f°
 3 hotel with her for 3 moment,'and to remain
 thheadoox.‘ of the ladies’ reception-room while
ét!f§red_it, is known. ‘
«>1 ‘

   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
 
 

i-‘ is; ,siiﬁic‘en’t' to. say

A that, having passed through
 closingit behind her. shegdpld 110* f€?P'
or gain’ and the twomotﬁeers who had. her in charge,
a a7l9'§§;*l'7*§ for her *9 Wm t°
.. up  ?tg:;~a5¢,m§};¢ .9:¢.§1-c’1i for Her only to discover that
  * ',’ ’j ~iEof*th‘e‘statio‘xi-house and reported the
 i¢=£§tornirs‘ef':"“aiia%j‘-lii;éwisé~ it was_‘reportedT‘to police"

a     which the noises
aiajfpiiiﬁre ea hai‘r.e{W¢;T.¢‘

;  fiiétsgbi =iivwei§¢‘,th_erefere!I<e9f quiet '

 
     
    

 

 
  
  

NEW‘ NICK "CA-R'TER' WEEKLY.

  
 

15

while the city was being scouredin the hope of re-
capturing her. '

To Nick Carter, when he was made acquainted with
these facts later on, there seemed no doubt that Millie

.upon escaping the vigilance of the two officers who

had her in charge, had, gone at once to the studio apart-
ment, astutely surinising that it would not only be
the very last place in all the city where search would
be made for her, since it was the scene of her own
crime, but she could also utilize the time while she
waited there in securing the letters and documents she
desired to obtain. ‘

It was another coincidence that Powers should have
selected the same night for his visit to the place, only,
of course, it being the very first night after the arrest
of Millie it was natural that he should undertake it,
since it was desirable that he should lose no time in
getting possession of those letters.

Concerning the manner in which the tiger found its

way back to those rooms, there might be many con— '

jectures. For one, it is the natural instinct of a cat to
ﬁnd its way back to the place of former habitation;
but to Nick Carter there was a stronger conjectural
reason for the incident. ‘

The hotel to which Millie had been taken by the

policemen, and from which shelhad made her escape,

was located so that in leaving it and desiring to go
from it straight to the studio apartment her route
would be directly past Nick Carter’s door.

This Millie Slade could not know, since she had

no idearof his street address; but the fact remained"-I

that the most direct route between the hotel and the
apartment was past his house. «

Now Nick’Carter, in returning to his home with
the tiger, after he had recaptured it, discovered that‘
the animal had made its escape from Joseph in the
most natural way possible.

Being left alone in the room where it was conﬁned,
it became restless, and after wandering about the place
probably struck with its paws against the door, and
in so doing turned
sprangopen. « '

Any 'cat'perce'ivin'g that ‘a door which it desires to

pass is slightly ajar  suﬂicient sagalzity to rnovweﬁp
farther open with its nose; and after that was cl’o'nc,i
Prince had" only to pass leisurely down the stairspto
the parlor ﬂoor’, fgroinwhence egress was easy ﬂirough’ A
the~windo‘ws',_v?vhich_. stood open at the time, the month‘

béingijune and  weather unusually warm. ‘ T
Joseph, usuallyon guard, happened to  abseiitwat
  tiger. springing ﬁrst to the ledge

...

the knob sufficiently so that it‘

   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 

ehwoutside, thence’ to the front steps, andso on to the
‘ rpavement, undoubtedly came upon the trail of Millie
‘Slade soon after she has passed that spot.

vegtheless, the result of logical reasoning, and it
i ‘ tired to explain, at least to the satisfaction of the
. _cj:tive,, the return iof Prince‘to the apartment of
a former master.

 was no friendliness existing between the
35;“ an and the tiger; the former hated Jim Dumont
L i B L cordial hatred that had ended in his death; the
latter  loved him as only a docile and devoted ani-
 love. _

 ” vivilflsuppose then that the creature, alighting
the pavement in front of Nick Cartel-‘s house,

  

  

 thee’ scent of a» person whom he recog-
e“c;l,,and his natural instinct would be to follow her
~3,X~iQl'lC€. H l i V * i
Thntgthe trail took hini to the house where Jim
at had, livedancle had been killed, we already
mite that5_the tiger arrived there very soon after
; .30; cannot be doubted, since what weihave
are  farniliar with the? general circumstances.
iwititp psurmises’ regarding what -happened
resulting in the death of Powers and the death-
j Millie: Slade, it is supposable that the tiger
 door -and ienteredethe V room within a
- '-ter. the womaI1’h'adydc‘alt the terrible

  

  

  

  
 
 
   
  

4, lhat; she had donchrealiaing that she

'  he loved best, after mistaking him
nlyf just; i reed from the ‘clutches
e’ry.rnome'nt in danger of recap-
,  and term: can better be imag-

  

  

i iace to face‘

  

This, to be sure, was all conjecture, but it was,

 the trail of the woman he disliked, It was,

when," tipoirtt/xrning about, she T

1 V as possible to. hisown‘ hottse.

NEW ’l\lICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘*The tiger!” exclaimed the detective, and, without
waiting to make furtherlxplanation, he dashed from
the room and down the stairsat full speed, turning
toward Broadway when he reached the bottom, and
running with ‘all speed until he arrived at the nearest i
hotel he could ﬁnd. _

There he entered‘ a telephone-booth, and called up '
the headquarters of the taxicab company, insisting at ‘

. once that he be put intb communication with the night‘~
manager,  , a

“Before I tell youtwhat I want,” he said then over-
the telephone to the manager, “give directions that one
of ‘your cabs, and a good one, be sent hereto the Vie-, .
toria Hotel for me, I want it to get here as quickly
as possible; Now, please give the order and returif
to the telephone.” ‘ k “ 7

There was a moment of silence,: after which he .
heard the manager’s voice again, and he inquired if L: ’

= Patsy had yet appeared there to make inquiries about”
the taxicab in which,Millie Slade had been taken as '1
apassenger. » l M .  t t f 
It was Patsy’s voice that replied to him; forithe’ l
"manager had evidently given place tovthe young as-;
_sistant at once, upon hearing this  and Patsy!

5

said, without preamblez, , e r 
“The cab which took Millie has just driven in. 
driver’ says he took her to the corner of Fifty-first
iStre_-et and Fifth Avenue, where she dismissed‘ 
and: that is all he knows abouther:” s ;_§.,'  
“All rightgl’ said Nick; “now pay attentionyto“,vvhatr
Iwish to say to you.” i ,  —  

l‘»‘Very good, chief.” _ p e ,  ._
.‘.‘G'ete backfiynto the same cab and have the ‘d t

’ take you to that corner; stop there and xvaitunt.
"come; Hasthe cab. started here after me yet ?’’.'T V

i Being assured’ that it ha<l.‘tl’1e detective hunglti
’phone, and a few moments ‘later when the cabin l
he jumpedhto it, directing that it bedriven ass. ‘ ’ i

.9‘ ‘

 
    
    
    
      
      
      
     
    
   

   
      
  

u

    
  
  
   
    
   
 

    
      
 

 Carter had   it

down a.  it

  

  

A

   
   
  
 
  
    
 
 
   
 
  
    
  
 
  
    
    
   

;been_quite accustomed to riding in cabs, entered-the
’ vehicle at a word from his master.

_- "‘F:'fth Avenue and Fifty-ﬁrst Street,” was the order
;that the detective gave to the chauffeur then, “and\
‘..-cover the distance as quickly as,you'4 can.”

So the two, the man and the tiger, were ‘wheeled
; away on their strange journey, beginning at ha1f'P§St
three o'clock injthe morning at the time of year when
“the days are longest and when within half an hour
V daylight would be upon them.

A 1 But Nick had bethought himself to secure the muz_-
Vfzlelandcollar and leash with which the tiger was some-
imes led, and now, as they dashed along the EIVCIWG
V ard the appointed place, he affixed: them.‘ .

 Patsy with the other chauffeur were awaiting the ,
detective when he arrived, and by 'NlCk’5 T391135‘ the

‘ ‘'¢;.po;gt¢d out the spotwhere he had,last seen
3fillie,S-ladc when he left her there. _

ii “Nlow, Patsyflisaid the detective, “I am convinced
gﬁrviny Own ‘mind that Prince has already trailed Millie
Slade ‘once to-night. If I am right about that he will
—it again. V ' 4 ' - i _
““1;.going to take -him overthelfe aﬂd Put hi?“ °“
fraék, arid then I‘ shalllet him lead me whereso-
!Hei*"will. x You may ‘send “your cab back ‘=0 the
i  ghgggther chauﬁetnﬂto, follow us along
. cg ig andto be prepared to pick us up at '

,  TFor. youi'seljf, you Had better follow
’ ’ ‘ ioo too: at a little distaI1¢° behind me-”
 jlgtective led the tiger to the indicated spot, and

 back while. he narrowly watched. what
"Vanimal would take. a '
. 35; long leftin doubt as to that, for the

153 drug-e_ beast stoodeover ‘the spot on the
here Millie Sladehad passed» he-laid his
  little ,,and uttered a low growl, l‘

  

  

  

scarée ".audibl¢-‘“- ~ e

 
   
 

   
  

5f.st:u-2s’!o\t=‘trot.= wh nefvexthsless °9mP°“°€‘ *..*'¢"
 ,7 i 1‘ ‘P¢<.:¢with.»hinIé~ .. V‘ t 

  

 

   

:~NEw NICK.‘ ‘CART-ER wEEK1.v.

" .in§tant’s hesitatiom 11¢ St3l'*¢d f°V'  v
'go far, to prove that.”

g «uxigb slteﬂcallediptitiito t,lte5dri>verjtot_ i
  jsver«*Is.W%?t1*d.$.a,45*>£.*£$'51it ire

,..

, 17
ging a man after him. That the tiger was muzzled
and leashed were merely trivial facts, for the great
strength of the detective would have arr unted to
nothing, had the tiger sought to escape him, and
neither the leash nor the muzzle would have held him
for’a moment had he sought to break them.

The animal led‘ them straight westward through
Fifty-first Street as far as Broadway, which was
crossed, after ‘which the animal turned toward the is
south'one block, and presently sought to enter the
subway entrance on the downtown side of Fiftieth ‘ ’
Street. and would have done so, had not a sharp com- ,
mand from the detective brought it to a halt.

“Our trail must end here,” said the detective, “at;'
least so far as the tiger is concerned. There is no ‘
doubt that Millie went into the subway, and has taken,
a south-bound train.” «  . ‘
~» The taxicab, which had followed them closely up ’
to this point, was now summoned to their side, and the - 
tiger, after giving evidence of considerable reluctance‘ 
to obey, was compelled to enter it again. l    

“Where now?” asked Patsy, when upon, a sign‘ i’
from the detective he had followed his chief into the; -
cab. , .  .

But Nick was already callingto the chauffeur, and  
he directed the man to take them as quickly as possible 

t6 the Thirty.-third Street exits from the subway. on‘

saw‘ ‘
/-»2/

  
 
  
       
  

\l

the downtown side. A .

— Nick didnot answer the question at once, but 
tinned. in deep thought until they had traveled 
distance; then he replied, with apparent irrelevant_:c‘.=; V j

“I am depending upon the tiger, Patsy." ’ 
“How'so?.” asked the latter. ) . e _:- 
"Well, lad. I have ﬁgured it out that Millie_‘wajsn’, 
half so erazyup therein the studio apanment‘a3if§l1¢,_
tried to make me believe.” ‘  ‘ “."“  2
“Evidently not,” ‘ . V i  
“The fact that she made her escapeas she did.__m$\il

      
 

  
    
    

   
    
    
   
    
  
   
 
 

"I havefﬁgurcd it out that when 3!:

  
 
 
 

 
    

‘  ho, a

 18

that I would experience very little diliiculty in locating

L the cab in which she so suddenly became a passenger,
and therefore she left it up in the air, so to speak;
that is to say, she left it on the corner of Pifty—ﬁrst
Street and Fifth Avenue.

“As soon as the cab drove away shedecidedto take
the subway at Fiftieth Street, realizing that even if
we traced her to that spot, as we might do, we could
not know where she left the train.” '

"Exactly.”

‘"Buf, Patsy, she forgot all aboui the tiger.”

“What do you mean by that statement?” .

,“I mean, my lad, that the_ tiger will tell us where
she left the subway.”

“But, how? I don't understan .’3

“Patsy, you can bank upon it that when Millie Slade
entered thesubway she did so because she“ wanted to
ﬁndi the /quickest route possible out of the city.”

“.VVell.”

“The first one below Fiftieth Street would_be Grand
Central Station; but she would not select that for the
double reason that more than likely she would have
to wait a long time at this hour of the morning before
the departure of a train, and because the place is so
public that she would be remembered by any police-
man standing about who chanced to see her waiting.”

A ' Patsy‘ nodded. l

“The next place where she.could leave the subway

It with a- view to getting out of the city would be Thirty-
third Street, where she could ‘take’ a carlto the Long
Island ferry. The next place would be Twenty-third

V 'Street;;where she could take a car westward to several _

=7 ferries.

. » “Fourteenth Street would offer the next induce-

M iment;_b,ut if she passed that point I think it likely that
=  would continue on the train to one of the down-

  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 

  River railroad ferries.

,  in the morning that Very few people are
‘passiagﬁi '  inand out of the subway-"stations; ‘If she
 the train at Thirty-third Street station the
 her presence atone of the exits. If
  do it there, he will discover it at one of
   Iigﬁaye‘ named, if only we canvaxgrive

   window beside Aliimii ‘infes-

H _'i' "town stations, from which she would walk to one of

. faH‘,‘,wev'e;-, we can knowinoithing about that until.
 it. V But the point, Patsy, is this: The hour is

  his  and/blew  Jo!‘

-' -brillianicy-jo£i‘her greenish-.hued. eyes. »

  

NEW -NICK CARTER ‘SVVEEKLY; '

with-‘a little bit of change in the title. In this case
it would be, “The Lady and the Tiger.” .

Nick‘ made no reply, and presently they arrived at
the exit fronrthe subway at Thirty-third Street, and
here, while Patsy remained in the cab, Nick took the
tiger from it, and led him to both exits until con-
vinced that Millie Slade had not passed thatway.

The journey was then continued to Twenty-third
Street, where the same result was obtained.

Fourteenth Street, and after that, one by one, every
exit from the subway downtown, until they arrived at
the Dey Street entrance of the Fulton Street station,
resulted the same, but at the latter the tiger again gave
evidence of having hit‘ upon the scent.

Nick looked at Patsy, with an expression of exulta- V

tion in his face,_ as he remarked: .

“I don't think we need to follow her trail with the
tiger from this point.”

“Why not?” asked Patsy.

“Because it is only too evident that she has gone
directly to the Courtlandt Street ferry. Climb into the
cab, Patsy. We'll get there as quickly as possible."

“But what are you going to do with the tiger?”

“I am going to take him along, of course.”

“Do you realize, chief, that it will be daylight pres-

ently, and that we will be getting into trouble’ if we
keep this animal with us ?" _ ‘
“Not so long as we keep him inside the cab.”

“But whatigood will the tiger do you if he's, inside '

the cab? He can’t do any more trailing."

“Wait,” said the detective, and they lapsed into
silence, while they were taken to the Courtlandt Street
ferry-house. ‘ .

There is‘never an hour of theiday when there are
not more or less people gathered about such a place,

and this particular hour of four o’clock in the morn-,

ing, or a little after, was no exception to the rulei

Nick left his assistant—or, rather, as the case hap-
pened to at the moment, his twoassistants--in the
cab while he went forward and entered the ferry-
house tornake inquiries. ‘

The surest way of discovering what he sought was s

to question the man at the window, who. took the fares.

rfrorn the _passengers, and he quickly and quite graphé-< ,

ically described Miliie Slade totliis" sleepy individual,’ ’
E" detailing toghim her personal appearance, as 

the  she wore; and» not-forgetting‘ the peculiar

. The man »;'enie_rnbered her.-T

. ; Fonayés. had a Philadelphia.

‘.5

 

      

tii:ket.L:S!iei,crgssaed‘ i 

 dma.»ass<;.gu,., ,- ,_.,.; 

§n.2.'M.

   
    
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   

33°?” . , 3

4», N ick. returned to the taxicab then. y

‘ “Patsy,”~he "said, “do you think that you and Prince
it get along without quarreling if I send you back
lone with him 3”’ i . c i V
Gee, chief, I don’t know. It’ll be the ﬁrst time I
M trqde alonein aitaxicab with a tiger, but I’ll try

L lYou’;.re not afraid, Patsy?”
,Not a littlelbit, chief.” .
"ck leaned forward, and putting his arms around
7ger’s neck whispered to him in Hindtéstaliee. ad’
the animal by the endearing ‘terms that D11-
had taught him. Just what he said to the crea-
ii is not necessary to repeat. but tll3tmPTl“°e ‘1“''
* perfectly well there was no sort of doubt.
.. ¢omI,o‘sed.h;5 Imge shape on the forward seat
 tax‘i,cab;i dragged, his head upon his paws, and
 gave evidence V)f his entire willingness to
th inevitable. T . _
‘ , glllteg cab to speed away\h0m§W3Ydg 1‘.i‘°k
 red 31¢ fen-y-ho1g;§e. and crossed the river
left" theslip ﬁve minutes later. .
‘side, he again made inquiries
.. p i had ‘chargeeof the entrance
¥¥gﬁadelph1a»tr'ain. which had: dsparted only a
L *ﬁgfo;~e, and now _a~ surprise awaited shim.
'  ﬁnd .I1o.evidence that‘ Millﬁ‘ had,»taken

  

 
   

 bring‘ thg. tiger. across the river with him,

 fP1ii!sri1élPhia-*4"  .
  l “,1, that shehad decided at

  

«drove the lady, and a liberal one she was, too."

Ax   that; Millie’s shregdneasl 
use sggpos tha,t_N:ck. Carter ms t "3" °"

ﬁn {fer Musegaxiuso disébyexz that she Had ‘  The pirice was forthcoming in the shape of a 

hedid soiaud he said:
3- L tam-t—-‘arid ,adopt.anpther

°‘“§§ Want. then am she left the nactc.".,, .  

,-New NICK cA1iT121g WEEl(LY. i A _ 19

nﬂthe boat before the last one, thirity-ﬁveiminutes one by one,’he questioned them about the woman he

sought.
You will see in this fact that he did call them aside —
in order to question them, an evidence of the know-
ledge and experience that is necessary to one in Nick
Carter's profession.‘ a a
Three hack-‘drivers standing, as they were, awaiting
a fare and eager for one, would not hesitate to give
wilfully wrong information, and to mislead a man ,
like Nick, if by doing so a little extra money could
be made; but if they were called aside one by one
and thus collusion were avoided, it was possible to get
correct information or none at all. ‘
Strangely enough, however, these three men all
agreed, and their stories were-that the woman whom
Nick Carter described to them had taken a fourth
hack, which was there at the time, and had been driven, 
rapidly away through Montgomery Street, xvliitheri  V
they did not know, and had no means of discovering  lg
until the other hack—driver should return. .
There was ndthing for thedetective to doptheri but
to wait, and he composed himself with such patience’
as he could command until the fourth hack-driver
should arrive. , g L
An hour passed in this way, and then a second; and] 
it was near the close of thefthird hour that Nick Ca’:-Ii‘ 
ter had waited before the driver reappeared, his" horse 
jaded. L , J . ‘ * ; .  
“Sure,” he said, in reply to Nick’s quest.ioin, “I L’

   
   
 
 
  

“Where did yonsta e her ?”‘asl<ed Nick. 1 i T e 

“Faith, I got mt; price for taking her ,the_t_'e, ‘and.
by your leave, I’ll have to have a price ‘to tellyou
where it was.” a

 
   

    
   
     

 

biIl,Alw-hich the man seized upon“ eagerly, grinning..,a_si

  
 

.1,’ ’

“I drove. her from here to Pavonia, to  e i
Rpailroadistaltionp; but if you was to give me a h A 
dollars. instead‘of one, I,eou1dn’t tetrymi;  I ¥ ‘

    
  

 
     

TH '« ‘ ’ ‘

   

  

 L.‘ .2  p _. g V ‘
pi‘, Jphickistarted for the ‘boat that would take him, to_

20

'df the hack-driver who had taken the equestrienne

- away. .

_T hat the man had told the truth about taking Millie
to Pavonia, Nick did not doubt; neither (lid he doubt
that the woman had successfully eluded him for the
time being. V 

‘ Pavonia, by land, is a long way from Jersey City.
By trolley or by carriage, it is a devious route at best.
‘By far the quickest way to get from one place to the

‘ other is to cross to New York by ferry and recross
again at Chambers Street.

But with the time the womanhad had at her dis-
posal for eluding him, Nick felt that it was almost
useless for him to pursue her to Pavonia on the slim
chance that one’of the men who worked about the
station there would remember having seen her; and,
besides, all the crews in the employ of the railroads
at the stations change at seven—-—or by seven-—in the
morning. Millie would have passed through the sta-

, tion before the change was made, and there would be

‘no one on duty now who could have seen her.

After turning the matter over in his mind, he re-
solved to return to the city, and to take up the other
thread of the chase--and by the other thread he meant
that he would begin among Millie’s friends, and from
them obtain some idea regarding the direction she
‘had probably taken in her ﬂight. i
’ It is always a fact that information of our slightest
intentions is left somewhere.

There ,is no person so reticent that a word is not

, dropped here and there which, if taken up and asso-
ciated with otheriwords of like nature, will form a

. whole. It is this abiiity to group iiiformation which
i ’ s the gdod detective. ,

he word “clue’_’i_,has a great deal more significance
..to_ the mind of a detective than the layman supposes.
Clue does not mean merely the ﬁnding of something
that a fugitive has dropped by the ivay; or a signiﬁ-

‘cﬁnt word thatthas been uttered; or a bit of hand»

  ’  or anything of that kind. VVhat it does mean
'  ‘this: The relation of something «found to other

l

A‘  Street on the New York, side,» but ﬁnd:

 t  would have to wait.near1y4rtwénty minutes?‘

  
     
   
   

 a boat would stdrt, he returned to the

friendsfarigd acquaintances denominated as

  

f  jferry—-and in that small: fact was,‘
onepf  chances which, many of the

t  ivttiﬁtiriréatiti are .ne=e1y hat-~
.  P‘? W?’ “?“l.

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. lives make many changes of route which we call lucky,

we can never know how often we have been unlucky
by turning the wrong way.

He crossed to Courtlandt Street, therefore, and
passed out upon VVest Street, among the big throng
of commuters who arrived by the same boat; and he
started up Courtlandt Street toward the elevated road;
but he had not gone half a block before his attention

/was attracted by a crowd that had gathered around a ‘

red taxicab at the opposite side of the street.

Nick glanced in that direction idly at ﬁrst; then
with more interest, for in the brief glance he had seen
and recognized Patsy and also the chauffeur who had
brought him and the tiger to the ferry, much earlier
in the day. ,

There was a dense ring of humanity gathered
around the cab, and the crowd was augmented with
every moment, untilit threatened to block the street.

In the forefront of all of it half a dozen policemen
had gathered, and one of them had a huge revolver
in his hand, while Patsy was clinging to his arm, and
apparently expostulating with the ofﬁcer.

Nick Carter took in the situation at a glance.

He realized that for some inexplicable reason‘ Patsy
with the tiger for a companion, had been detained in
the vicinity of the ferry./ Either the cab  refused
to operate, or something of the sort had happened to
detain the assistant and Prince in that public place.
He realized also that he had arrived himself, only just
in time, for he could see that the officer whom Patsy
was holding by the arm was intent upon shooting the
tiger. " ’

i The utter folly of such a proceeding startled Nick
much more than the danger to the pet tiger; for a
bullet from the revolver the policeman carried could
doplittle injury to the beast, unless itwere planted
with exactitude-—and that was not likely to he, the
case, to judge from the exhibitions of marksmanship
'Nick had seen demonstrated by the bluecoats. .

‘But ﬁle bullet,,if ﬁred, would enrage the animal;

it would make a ﬁerce destroyer of an otherwise gentle,

creature. \ . . .A

_ Thereecduld be no estimate placed upon the damage
the tiger might do if the officer didisucceed in ﬁring
that bullet before Nick Carter could get there to pre-

P ventfit. ‘ i 

, The instant he.i-ecogpni‘zed his assistant and ;.realized
what was taking" pl_ace,_ he leaped into the ‘street, shoul-

. dere.d hi_s-sway through thecrowd. Paying little atten«-H;

he jostled éias headvaneed,  so: in.

tion to ’.Whoti'£

. VTMVII A v‘

Jsistent was his adyancg_that.he bored his  through 

, . I

 

 1

if throng to the very’ center of the scene. in much
I time than it takes to tell of it.
 With one sweep of his arm, he seized the oﬁicer’s

I 5 ...
\-.’r

NEW "NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

or

..

“This tiger,” continued the detective, “was the ,
‘leader of the troup-—-the one called by the name of
Prince. This is Prince, the king of them all. Now,

wrist‘ and tore the weapon from his grasp; and then ‘listen-” /

:1   pushed the astonished po1iceman’s burly ﬁgure aside
,   springing to the door of the cab, which was
" Q , although the window of it was open, he backed
against it, and faced the threatening crowd. ‘
. ou idiot !" he exclaimed to the policeman, with
L scorn in his tones. “Don’t you know that if you
'd that bullet into the tiger, he would tear’ that cab
pieces and kill half a dozen or more Of the men
on rig around here?” i V
lie turned then to glance inside the ‘cab. and he

 
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
    
   

 sides, and to show other evidences of losing
 It did not like 5the_'crOW.d and the Wises
it he general excitement bywhich it was surround-

” Nick understood niaét if he had been a few
” mister on theﬂscenevsomething might have hap-

.the cab; then‘he' put one .armcaflround the
11i5'Pég~j¢¢tq~it in -Hindustanee; and with
‘V  r;‘uiet“ed‘down at once, began to

3 _ ._ ’ fasted its own senseiof sc-.

 N5‘? .—rter"with it again; — A

‘  the ‘door; Nick turned asecond‘ time to
’“gd;_a,;_d he sagvgsomewphatp to his mo-

5may,‘tl;at' the severalpolicemen we're now
5 body, apparentlyﬁdetermined that this

  

31133;; 'he'irprecinct. ’. . ‘t

  

 attic

L ’ ion. 

 

    

» :1? see that the animal had begun to lash its tail‘

o  door a little way and .

. ﬁve minutes the ‘street was

1~k.$'.g,:k7Qa_rter--that is} not yet.f~
'  ‘races his back against;

 as spare!»-‘?l\Toiir.: _p _  , , V
  v.'. ft‘uﬁ1”:)g_-:§ati.}Va§t.tQhl8ﬁ$§1§t3!'!t.‘_.

 

There was another murmur of applause at this ;‘ but ‘
the detective went on rapidly:

“You have all read in the papers how the tiger-
tamer, Jim Dumont, was murdered last Sunday after-
noon, while he was asleep on the couch in his room.
Some of you know that the woman who shot him was
arrested yesterday morning; if you don’t know.it you
have only to look in the papers this morning to ﬁnd
out all about it.” ~ ‘ ii

“We know!” was the response that came from many
who listened.

“Well,” continued Nick, “that woman escaped. This
tiger knows her and can follow her trail, once he fihds
it,’ better than any bloodhound. I have been using
him ‘all the past night in the effortto track her down
and rearrest her. Gentlemen! Officers! I am Nick 1
Carter, so I hope you will quietly withdraw and per-
rnitme to take the tiger away with me.” p e e

For a moment after the announcement there‘
absolute: silence in the crowd, while the men who were 7 ..
there digested the intelligence; then a cheer began E =
somewhere on the outskirts and» was taken up by the y . “
others until the street rang with it; and then; as ii '
by common consent and‘ out of respect for the detect-
ive’s wishes, the throng began to breakfup and within é
' as clear as it ever‘ is at 
that hour on a week‘-[day morning. ‘A 1, 

Nick’ seized upon" the opportunity to explain with"
rather moredetail to7the' policemen, and they
presently withdrew to a respectful distance, saveionly
_tliat  waited in-theyvicinity until thernan anclithe?
t.tigqr,shoi1ld taleeitheir departure. J r ,  [V _*1
’ ‘fl\.low_,telI ‘me what happened." said 

          
      
    
       
    

    
 
       

V «itig~i§.;p¢;at;;.mgtstsejautq§pqu:i."‘;;;s:p, l
’ §retuihed€..?.atsy.g ‘fsornethittgt-.51m1"8::_.with 
’ ;bqt. ‘you  V _ 

 

   

“.$li;:1;n tr

 .  izg

‘-‘I see. Is"*the engine all right now?”
,  _ f“Yes. VVe had just got it in working order when
”ithait‘foo.1-cop insisted upon shooting the tiger. Gee!
3”; I If he had done that——————”
 it A, “It is lucky that I happened along just as I did. You
 have had quite a scene here; about three and a. half
 of it altogether.” 1
~  “No; only about twenty minutes of actual trouble.
_ : Before, that time nobody suspected that there was a
 tigerliriside the cab. Where shall I tell the chauffeur

  

(9 take bus, chief?”

  

,.Gf “Nick Carter. I

/“Igtakeiit that you lost the trail of Millie Slade?”

I’

  

 woman who gets away from you like
,f.”. A  my
 _ Vgiyinitvgotten away-—~,yet,," was-thereply.

 ‘are you going toido now? How will you

 
 
  

 determined, just yet; but she, shall be,
 can’tl-get very faraway, But I have
f  gfiersiifriendsiat‘ the circus I can
 information, that "w_ill-«put; me on her
 A  shall go tofsee them as scent I
.  and 3! ‘<:hangei‘’of_ilinen.i‘l Lam
 II-ﬁndpaugh himself.” -  ﬂ

  

e
4

t untiiil have sieei1‘lhi,rn."7.
1; w;ant‘to}think.f’i

., __ L yffbllowed then ’&i¢.< ,
 h.een~ instelledvl:

  
   

NEW NICK. CARTER WEEKLY.

I 0

I can help me out.

, care,‘,Nick hastened to ;_tl3e Garden to gﬁndemlt

" elrnow; but he had no‘idea.what the proprietor

‘since its» f _ . f

 

'Aggregation of World-renowned Spectacular Spe-
cialists,” etc., etc., and it said:

  
   
   
  
 

“MY DEAR MR. CARTER: Luck seems to have 2:
picked me out as a victim. First, my tiger—tamer is I
killed; then my "bareback rider and dead-shot per- ,[
former is arrested _for the killing; then my manager :
croaks, as I have just been informed. If this sort of.
thing keeps up I might as well go out of business. I I
am surely handicapped for this afternoon and evening,
so far as the performance is concerned—~:mless you

       
 

“I wonder if you will consent to do it in a manner
that has occurred to me, which will do you no harm, V
and which will do me a great deal of good? You see, "
you,have got Prince in your possession, and Prince 5
was one of my star performers; one of my very great;
est attractions, notwithstanding the fact that he was t A
not my property. , I « , x ’ i

“This will give you an idea of what I want to see
you about; but in order that I may’ fully explain ‘it
to you, will you come around to the Garden as sopn as
you receive this and have a talk with me»? Surely
you cannot réuse so‘sirnple a request, and?! will be
eternally grateful. Yours truly, “ I   «

. VADALI is HINDPAUGH,"I-

       
   
    
   
      
   
  

    

  

 
  

  

The detective returned word hythe messengerithag
he would call around at the Garden as soon  
could conveniently do so, and then, having ‘ﬁnished
what he had to do, having paid Prince a last risi it
fore starting out, and. after giyinggdirectionsffoyr
wha‘

 
     

  

 
        
     
  

  

 
 

it was thateliindpaugh rwantedg V _  V
I For the request for any interyie§v,had‘ 
moments when Niékwas aboutfto seek one. as‘ Q

    

  

    

   

circus, was 
worded l"etter.r in ,   , V _.
.4 The detective ‘-some H/indlpaugh in hisprivate
and the great circus man, after» p'lus,hing'a_fho- 011

_at when he wrote 

        
   

   

    

 

    
   
  
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
    
 
    

‘ NAEw'=_ NICK ‘CARTER iWEEIxfLY. 23

st drawing-card I had, with the possible exception upon any charity you will name, if you'll do it.
Ef Millie Slade’s shooting. See?” = There!" . V a
'_‘Yes.’’ - ' The detective waited the ﬁve seconds, but with a
‘:‘Well, I -have. tried to buy Prince from you, and smile on his face which reassured the circus-owner;
won’t sell him. You've got some sort of a f001‘ and at the end of the time Nick replied calmly: ‘
 11 about glVi“8' him to the mo’ Don't be °f' “I don’t see any objection to granting your request,
rféﬁdéil at anything I say, for I am a plain-spokerf man. Hindpaugill 1,11 do it___On 3 condition"
ia5dA.I~lm in 3' heap °f"°ub1e'” L , ;'“Bully for you! I’ll accept the condition. what-
“G° ahead-” ever it is, before you name it." —
‘If Y9“ Wm ‘°’eu.th° tiger-‘J’ »  “The condition is double in its nature. First. for
 lV9ﬂ’t- That Settles than Mr‘ Hindpaugh‘ I the performance to—morrow afternoon you will adver-
T ‘ﬁled D.“m°“t‘ that Prime Should .be taken. out of tise to give a free admission to every boy and girl who
*5‘ *§h°W business if anything h3PP°“°d to hm‘? 3“d aplllies for it, and who is between the ages Of ten and
 5?"‘.y?*‘-’-‘*1.-75? °f We ﬁg“ “am? t° Te‘ am I am.°n° sixteen; the second is that you spend the thousand
ihdﬁe. fellows W110 km‘-‘P P’°ml5°5- M dollars in giving a tree feed, after the performance‘.
‘t‘*eVe1_i,ywi11 you-{lend him to;m€*"'f,°1' the balance 0f to every kid so admitted. Does that go?" »
g y!&‘cgk?”« ’ A »  \ i r _ - “Ybu bet it’goesl” I V 
1 tlthat would be in the\lin‘e of. breaking: my 1 “Then, it is a bargain. I_will appear to-night, and
 J r‘  « , ﬂ ‘ lo—m'ght only.” ' :
A ‘5lmd"yau,3l _w¢gd[_,But that brings‘ me to the “Good; thatis all I as .” t  b L L A
-A 9; th}, ;,g¢’,vj§w,z_’_  . ' .A_ “And now I want to ask you a question or two-—-or  
» ‘ ’ I _ . _ t more?’ » 5 = A
.  r  » 1 ‘ 0. “SW”. “Well?” 4  i ‘ - _
Tic‘  Taanothe, “I don’t suppose you have heard that Milliefllnde  
 , , ; ch .mcmty___i£VyQu."Yi1‘1 has made ‘her’ escape. have you? It is not ‘In’: the » i’
V i * ":2 rd‘ don't-:1~ ‘c on half- rpapersxas yet.” ‘ A v    ~
  it Give,  e f‘No P.  don’t say  vWell. Svﬂﬂx Well! Nflvfn M‘
féie you answer it.  Promise  that ywhiat Vd°,)’°t“ Of “fat  A _ n  -
was ave seconds ‘by. the Watch before you 51* ‘"35 Mm“ “’3‘° “‘n?.d 3’°‘_“' m‘.‘“"‘3°"‘ ,

 
  
       
 
  

 
       
 

  

" ‘ ‘ M r “  d ‘t. Will you do "What? 5”  4  ; V ,  3: .. 
. ; 33°‘. you  tea‘, ii I v  iy ,',I‘h.e_‘ cleteetivetook the tinge at that point toyexplain.
» .5-~:'~;»    ” v _ ’   i   V the ciretlimﬁtaricesv fully to the circu's-owner. VE3?¢‘1is%—:

   

S

    
  
   
 
 

  )\,l ", c .  2 l K I .t¢ned with  dismaygbut without venturing
°5"9“‘v Wm, "y°u,‘v°-men?‘ Pver’ anylcormnent-ave-£act;which' surprised the  ﬁt‘?
°‘2tv’*“~*’T “’1‘??‘*i‘.'~t‘“’9.‘-’~“’~t‘~“‘»““*l‘°‘?' i la. :ame‘.‘i’aideiwiach‘“, 1 had qccasicm‘ to 
ﬁndiwliliisﬁhtéc .az$‘*?é*‘t€“d Um est 3»:'v*?‘1“"&%*i"**
s l l 2 * ‘:hg,t'g*‘iire t:o‘d<:€j-_§;.,"Hina1;;gi;g_1i;» It i

     
   

   

      

    

  

24

this matter of the tiger; I’ll try and be as decent with
you.”

“Thank you.”

“I think that I can help you out, just as you have
agreed to help me out; but I can’t do it to-day. I
just cannot do it to—day.”

“Why not?”

“Because it’s impossible,’ that’s all. But to-morrow
——well, that is another matter. I have got a pretty
big piece of machinery in this show, as you can
imagine.”

“Indeed, I do.”

“I’ll put that machinery to work to-day, in the affair
of Millie——just as ‘I have already got it to working
to ﬁll her place in the show, and Dumont’s, too.’ ‘It
is only the performance for to—night that I was wor-
ried about. You-have helped me out in that, and I
.Will help you out in your affair-—to-Tnorrow. Are
you satisﬁed with that promise?” q

“Yes. Do I understand that you have got some
one to take Dumont’s place in the show?” '

“Yes; I will only lack Prince.
that up.”

“And have
‘place ?”

“Sure, I have! Shefll appear to-night, too. She is
just as good a rider, [although she says she isn't as
good ashot with the pistol. However, "she is going to
try the whole act, and I have consented to let her try.”

“Are you quite sure that it isn’t Millie herself, who
has returned to you under another name?” asked the
detective, with a smile.

“Say, Carter!
‘Millie Slade?”

“I should suppose you would; yes.”

“Well, this woman calls herself Madam Maritza.
Millie is a blonde; this woman is as dark as an Egyp-

you also secured some one to ﬁll Millie’s

tian. Millie is about thirty years old; this woman is ' '

ﬁfty, if sheds a day, to look, at her closely. Anyhow,
I have found a substitute. It only remains to see how
she will do the act. And, by the way, Carter.”

“Well P” ' A ’
A “I don’: §uppose you are enough of a tiger-tamer,
are you, to goon with all the tigers that Dumont used
to play with? Eh?” ‘

. ‘  «.1_~z_o;, 1 gthiriklnot. It is hardly in my line. I don’t
 the act with Prince, for Ihave perfect
' "conﬁdence in’ him, but when it ‘comes to the others, I

I will draw the line, Mr. Hindpaugh.”
“Oh,‘al_l right ;' only, of course, if you appear only

 - with Prinoqyou won’tAhave the entire arena all to

But I had given"

Don’t you suppose I_would know

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. '

yourself, in the middle ring, as Dumont used to have
it. There will have to be other acts going on at the
same time; eh?”

“Do as you please about that, Hindpaugh.

“Thank you. I have got a specialty in my mind
which I think would prove a crackajack. I won’t
bother you by telling you about it now, because it
won’t make any difference to you.”

“No.”

‘‘All you will have to do will be to appear at the
right time; to take Prince across the ring into the big
cage in the middle ring and make him go through his
tricks with you. You can do all that, can’t you?”

“Yes.” .

“And you won't fail to show up on time, eh ?”

“No. I will be here soon after seven, with the
tiger.”

“Then, that is all settled. You see the thing through

V for to-night, and I won’t forget my promise to you for

to-morrow.”
, “All right, Hindpaugh.”

“Carter, whatever you do, never go into the circus-
business. It makes a fellow sweat blood at times; it
does, really.”

“I haven’t a doubt of it; but I have no intention of 

going into the business—only for to—night.”
“VVell, I’ll expect you.

Prince in a cab? Eh?”
“Easily.”

w CHAPTER XI.

PRINCE, THE TIGER, SCENTS A FOE.

The detective had occasion to smile to himself more Q
than once that afternoon while he was on his way be- ‘-
tween his 'home and police headquarters, where he if

went to have _a talk with the commissioner.

He had not been gone from his interview with the 

proprietor of the circus ﬁfteen minutes before an army

of bill-posters were in the ﬁeld——that is, wese scat-.,
tered throughout the city-'—pos’ting up ‘hills which

Hindpaugli had already ordered printed, believing that

Nick Carter would not refuse the request he was to

make. - - ‘

It was true that on the face of those bills the. iden-Q
,tity of Nick Carter was not mentioned; but. neverthe I

less, any person at all familiar‘ with the events of th
last few days would have experienced no diﬂiculty i T
guessing who it was who intended to appear with th.
wonderful tiger called Prince. ,

The name of the tiger was €mb1aZ0ﬂ€d in enormou

I

I suppose you can bring .

 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
 

    

- NEW _ NICK ,CA—RTER= WEEKLY. I

.  Below it w-as the announcement that a cele-
.  character, known all the way around the world,
 g ocean to ocean‘, on both hemispheres, would ap-
with the tiger. . I
This world-renowned and wonderful man, whose
name is known in every household," the.announce-
. continued, “will put the famous» tiger, Prince,
Ough allthe tricks he performed with his former-
_ Stet, Dumont, now dead-—-foully murdered-‘and
’ pduce a fewnew tricks. hitherto unknown in
, I al training. There is a prize of one hundred
rs offered to the man or woman who first guesses
identity of this man, and who announces the fact
 the name on a piece of paper and giving
_ this-one of the ushers who will at once jot down
me of the guess,” etc., etc., etc. .
ffhcre: was a great deal more of this sort of stuff,
I is not necessary to repeat here, as it has noth-
kicularly to do-with the casein hand-
1 a1! tended in the way that Hindpaugh had
‘zit should do; it, called a crowd to the Gar-
_as hadrarely crowded its spaces b€f0!'€-
Nick Carter wasidriven to the Garden in C01’!!-
thcthe tiger-.-—Patsy went with him also, and
made one of,/the audience, for both wished to

      
  
     
  
   
   
  
     
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
       
   
 
 
 

 

 u :35’  in person, and’ individual,1y , con-
ﬁhedetective and his two companions to the
. that had lately beén at the dlS?°Sa1 °f

gm   have showed? up!" he €3-
‘too. grammatically, ’ but with undoubted

I=was;a;fra«id, can I saw you. »that.§°"}°-
' «hagpen to, prevent; and you‘know;w1th
has otnt,‘_§pch..v« thing w9u1d.11?V° lf°°“ W?

Iv ,

 
     
 

    

»;hei"perforrna_nce—a-Mr. 'Hindp'augl1 met . him at '

l)H
-a

“The costume of a Hindu, turban and all,” was the
reply. - “I have rehearsed it with the tiger this after-
noon. He seems to like it, too. And I shall talk
Hindustanee to him, all the time we are in the ring.
By the way, has your new woman——Madam Maritza
-——shown‘ up ?" ‘

“Oh, yes; she is here all right.”

“And the other tigers, Hindpaugh? Vi/hatgare you
going to do with them, during my act, for if I read
you right this afternoon when we were talking to-
gether, you had something up your sleeve all the
time?"

“I really suppose I ought

‘to tell you about that,
Carter.” ‘

“I think you ought——-if you want me to carry out

the act,” was the signiﬁcant reply.

‘.‘Well,-you said you didn't care to appear inside
the cage with all the beasts, and I do not blame you
for that. But I thought you wouldn’t mind if they
were theie, in the rings, where the audience could see
them, so long as strong iron bars were between you
and them. That is all right, isn't it, Carter?”

“I suppose so. Go on. What else?” .

“I have ﬁxed up a pair of semicircular cages, to fit
on either side of the big one in which you and Prince
appear. The other tigers will be in those other cages,

but they can't get near you. although not half adozen A

persons in the audience will realize that; They will

think that you are all in the same cage together-. It is, _
one of the tricks of the show business Any objec-

tions P" _
“No. What else?” .

ticularf’. , .
“In what particular?”

I

\

same time you appear."
‘TO_h, you are, ,ehA?”pv
“Y;-st’ *

5

‘ \

“What_is the object or that,  :,N  _ _
the. place -of I?-umont. in a“ measure,’  p
; And ,Marit.za,gis to fta1<¢ .  place‘ of»: Millie.  7I'lt3f.fI§f ,
‘ ; , ; :uie’‘’whg_Ié.;e:ory.' .I)urna3tfi§‘ds3d,,“i11ﬁfQg;fe§9ﬁy%=}§ﬁ}§§'2
» . Bans!“ '*=rr=m*    nu  was

‘ "Why,_to,'add-as the auractioln; iYoui'.a_;re

  

    
 

 

  

 

“Well, I have changed the program. in another   K

 

“I’m’.going" to haye Maritza onithefscene at the  

 

     

26

sented to do it only because he believed that by so
doing he would the more quickly receive information
that would again put him on the track of Millie Slade.

In the meantime, Prince was lying at full length on
the floor of the dressing-room,“ apparently well satis-
ﬁed to be in his old quarters again, which he appeared
to recognize. ‘

While the men talked together he looked up occa-
sionally at them and blinked his yellow eyes. Once he
uttered a low sound that sounded Very much like a
suppressed growl, and rising, crossed to the‘ door of
the room, where he remained for a moment with his
nose close to the sill; but he soon returned to his
former position. ' .

“Now, I wonder why he did that?” said the circus-

‘man, noticing the act.

“Doubtless he caught the scent of some person
whom he does not particularly 1ike,?’ replied Nick.
“All animals are strange in their likes and dislikes.
They never forget, either. Some person who has of-
fended Prince at ope time or another happened to
pass the door at that moment, andl Prince scented him.
That's all.”

B_ut if the detective had but known. who was at
the door at that particular moment, he might have

’ altered the entire program for the evening.

Had he known that it was the woman. who called

‘herself Maritza, and that when the tigetgcrossed the

ﬂoor to the door she was on her knees outside it, with
one ear pressed against the sill, in order that she might
hear what was being said inside the room, he would
have had cause for uneasiness. M

But neither of the men realized this important ‘fact ;,

. neither could have guessed it, although in the light of’

what afterward appeared, Hindpaugh should

have
guessed something of the kind. - ’

The talk between them acked down while Nick‘
was dressing; but prese y the detective asked‘:

“Have you receiv any new information- about

- I Millie since I talked with you this afternoon, ‘Hind-
:  ?II

)7

V“No; nothing new.

 iv "But your promise for tomorrow ho‘lds,goo‘d. does
it not?” ‘ -

«Sgt! thitgzu i ‘ i '  ‘ V.

I it ~ ‘,‘Do you really thinkryou can help me ?”
g  P fa lnvenot_n doubt of it.” ' - i
 W ,3

you tell me’ how? ‘Thereis time for us to
I  iliwili tell 
      i

, r

  

  

r be said to create  7. I

 

NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

“Oh, it is part of the game.”

,“VVell, at least thisis a good opportunity for making’
the engagement for to-morrow. V\/That time shall I see
you?”

“At any time you please.”

“At ten in the morning, then?”

“Yes.” .

“Hindpaugh-, I have an idea that you know right
now where Millie‘ Slade can be found, and that you
are keeping it from me because you fear that if you
told me it might interfere with the performance I
have agreed upon for to-night.”

“Have it so if you like.”

“Is it so, Hindpaugh P”

“Perhaps. I will not‘ say-—now.”

“Who is this woman Maritza ?”

“I have already told you that.
highly recommended.” .

“W’as she formerly a friend of Millie's ?"

“I think so.”

“And one who is likely to take up Millie’s quar-l
'rels P” I

“I don’t know, I’m sure. I had not thought of that,
Carter.” ,

The circus-man displayed some uneasiness as he
made that reply, and Nick noticed it.

“Perhaps it would be in keeping with the part she,

plays to direct one of her bullets toward me—-—as if
by accident, you know,” he suggested, with a smile.
“It would be a thing easily done, you know. She
could shoot me, right there, before the eyes of the
entire audience, and make it appear as if it were an
accident; don’t you think so ?” , .
“No, I don’t. She wouldn’t dare do such a thing.
I say, Carter, excuse me, will you? I I have just now
thought of something I should attend to. I hacf plumb
forgotten it.” p '
-He was out of the door and gone before Nick

She comes to me-

could offer a word of objection, had be seen ﬁt to, 
do so; but.,the detective had no such idea at all, and i:
he only smiled when the door closed behind the re- 

-treating form of the circus-man.

” .But Hindpaugh went straight to the door of the
dressing-room that had formerly been Millie‘Slade' ,
and, after “rapping upon it, enteredmnd closed it after
him. — ‘ C . g »

It was Madam’ Maritza who wheeled about to 
ceive him as he entered; a dark, swarthy beauty, who
‘did-not in the least resemble Miliie Slade, unless the
fact that her eyes ‘were also greenish in hue .m’igI‘1‘t‘A

?\..

 

 

... aw‘. ..¢‘.'. 2 ::...._....,w_:. .aa..-‘x. .. .. ..-.'L‘e'.‘~.'.:

  

  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
     
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
   
   
    
  
    
  
   

l

 .,\Vhat passed between the two is not particularly
’ nown; but persons .going past the door at that time
, ouldthear voices sometimes raised in protest. '
41 Hindpaugh was inside that room only a few mo-
ments when he came forth again, and the expression
 this face was greatly troubled when he did so.

‘But he shrugged his shoulders and went on his
ay, with a grim smile on his features, eve_n"t_hougl1
expression belied the thoughts that were inside his

in. s . i
‘As he passed along the corridor, he met Nick Car-
 ieading Prince toward the arena entrance, and he
"(ti imed:

‘Most time for you to go in, Carter.”
‘Ye.s,” replied the detective, smiling.

CHAPTER XII.’
, , Mime s1.A'nE’stLAsT AC1‘.

perfect storm of applause greeted the entrance
ck ‘Carter, with Prince. ai}i_10‘1§h th'-’-¥e_W35'f1°

the audienee who was positive asto his Identity-
ftliey knew the tiger, and they expected much of
‘ttle did they, realize how much they were
31 to receive.inethatii particular ‘act of the show.

   
  

   
  

gs hat1.a1\‘vays‘;been the case for Dumont; '_but
" >tﬁé ther  ]s“:were~partitioned/off from N lck.
1 ftoceupﬁéing pthe. same cage with Prince. as

do ‘ ' .with,Dumont’s act. ,

,ether4beasts.’were on eeithierside of the de—‘

jehegan to put Prince through his aft;

* w*¢11,.£or Prince =S€Eﬂl€€i rather to enjoy

¢,_;gheiapp1au;e of. a» multitude.“ V *
    yNick‘;heivat:1ted over the

“Th; j1gid;~ dog:-3, 3nd:.1't)n€d‘ over at corn»

, L hands dernureiy and with dignity: he

wsh. the t’d¢ge¢ttve vvith‘.,,;1:s._ iqreraws on his
'      ~ as  

  

Joirﬁng eages
_. t, the bars, and;
sometimes‘ standing. with

.«

. Vpartitidns; » for they p ‘givers

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

huge, circulars cage wasﬁarranged in the middle '

d’ as lot at 0it_her~-v:

,27.

his right hand move to a spot on his breast that was
directly over his heart.

It rested there for an instant, then dropped to his
side again; but the smile still held its place on his
features. M

With a word he quieted Prince, who had uttered a
low growl at this entrance; and then, as the audience
‘seemed now more interested in the woman rider than
in the tiger, he stood, idly looking on at the scene
that “Maritza” was enacting. , ,

She circled the ring many tirneson her horse; then
a second horse was turned loose and she performed
with both of them, leaping from one to the other as
they ran round and round the sawdust circle.

A supernumerary came. forward and tossed a pistol
into the hand of Maritza. who caught it as dexter-
ously as Millie Slade could have done.

Then the super took his stand near the center of J
the ring, and one after another tossed glass balls into
the air in front of the running horses; and as he
tossed them high above her head, Maritzaﬁred at
them with her pistols while the horses she rode-—-still
leaping from one to the other and back again———-were
running at full speed around the ring. S

Not once did the woman miss a shot.

She seemed to be in every respect quite as skilful as

Millie Slade had ever been, and Nick Carter with 5 7 a
Prince at his side. watched every move she mat e. . p ; S ‘

So did the audience.

The people had forgotten for the moment, the tiger S 4

and its new master, in the wonderful performancesp ‘
of this woman. _ x

eMurm‘—urs went up asking where Hindpaughi had  I
_ succeededin ﬁnding another who was quite as exporter. , 

a shot ashjs former wonder had been. a

_v As she rode, amuse, and around the ring, ﬁring at , Q;
the glassphalls,aitswould have been noticeable tether  .
people in the audience, had they watched’ hirn./t thatﬂ,_3:

Nick Carter turned with her so that there was never
an instant when he did not follow her with his eyes;
-but -their entire ‘attention was ’
they did not notice. , . ~ « .
But it was evident that the women did so.
At least,?it yvas.*evident,to,Nick Carter. t .
i_He._saw herirown, once when her glance «was {or
eanilinstazit. di_rected.toward.him; but he only smiled at}

    

    

a  I’ as was  gm: Ia; sin
..l#snt»‘=ndt ‘knewitcl     ‘I a
 ii  that Maritza was,;"gp~, pi

returned to her’-‘own, 

.,;h3d(l=ﬁre‘¢1.tole_t_herrtd€§n_d
slit ng r  I

riveted upon . her, and}  S

  
  

 

.s¢;+;sy;.;,.,ga;.:gnang:paug3tir  J“?

 . 3:: steel shirt he wore.

‘ directly against the bars of the cage. V

  

28‘

pale and haggard, and doubtless at that moment he
would have given half he possessed had he not per-
mitted his circus zeal to have brought about this mo-
ment, fraught as it was with such dire possibilities.

But would Millie dare to attempt the assassination
of Nick Carter thus openly? -

Why not? She was already guilty of two crimes,
and another could make no material difference to her
ultimate fate. ’ A ,

Nick Carter believed that she would try to shoot

him; he had suspected from the ﬁrst that she would, i

be in the ring with him that night, and he had made
his arrangements accordingly.

Among his possessions was a shirt of steel links,
which a bullet could not penetrate, and this night he
had donned it under his dress. He knew, therefore,
that if the woman shot at his heart he would remain
unhurt; but if she should aim at his brain, it would be
another matter. '

That was the chance he took when he went into
the cage in the middle ring. '

Prince was uneasy, too.

The animal seemed to sense the fact that all was

. not as it should be.

Twice itureared on its‘ hind legs against the bars of
the cage, and growled ominously at the passing wom-
an, who rode her horses so perfectly; but both times
Nick pulled the animal back again to the ﬂoor of the
cage, for he was afraid that'Millie might also wreak
vengeance upon the unoffending beast.

And she did. ,

The moment came when she was to perform with
two pistols at the same time. It was the very last
part of her act, and‘ Nick Carter realized that now,
if ever. the crucial moment had arrived.

The pistols were raised, and Nicksaw for the frac-
_tion of an ins nt the malevolent gaze of the woman
leveled at him, and then at the tiger.

He knew that the instant had arrived. v

With a quick motion, he spurned the tiger with, hi
foot, pushing with all his strength, so that Prince
ieaﬁd away from the detective’s foot; and as he did
so th pistols were discharged at the same instant.

NE\V NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

air, just as the horse that was now bearing the woman"

on its back, was passing.

But Nick had not been idle.

He, too, darted forward, and sprang through the
opening between the bars, at almost the same instant
when the tiger did so; and while the now furious ani-
mal crouched for its spring, he ran past it, heading
off the horse and rider, and succeeded in hurling him-
self forward, and in making a mad leap into the air,
which carried him exactly where he wished to go.

He alighted on the back of the onrushing horse at
the same instant with the tiger; and he did so,facing
the animal, and Millie Slade, now sensible of her own
danger, sprang from the horse's back to the sawdust
ring. ‘

The tiger, even with its paw raised to strike, with
its jaws distended to-crush, controlled itself: for it

saw on the instant that its master had taken the place ,

of the woman it had sought to kill.

The paw fell harmlessly, short of Nick Carter; the
wide jaws snapped shut, with nothing between them,
and Prince, with another wild leap, reached the ground
and in an instant was again inside the cage, crouching
there, evidently ashamed of what it had done, but
lapping its side with its tongue, where the bullet had
done no more than inﬂict a smarting’ scratch.

The horses that Millie had ridden were, of course,
frightened by the sudden appearance of the tiger, and
dashed for the 'dressing-room door; but as the one
Nick had leaped upon cleared the barrier, the detective
sprang from it—and then, while the audience yelled
itself hoarse with approval of what had been done,
while men rushed forward to close the opening in the
cage, Nick Carter bent above the prostrate form of the
bareback-rider. —

There was no need to look a second time.

Millie Slade had ridden in her last act. ,

Her heart, paralyzed by fright when the tiger leaped
toward her,- had merely stopped. That was all; but it
was enough. ..Millie Slade was dead when they went
to her, and it was the awful fright of the moment
that had resulted in her death.

'No need for the handcuffs now; no need for the

Nick felt the spatter of one of thebullets against /Vmgeance of the law “pm that °"’i"8' “'°ma"- Sh‘

impact; but instantly his attention was diverted
from ‘himself.
‘The tiger sliivered, and uttered a roar of’ pain.
Then it leaped forward, every hair bristling‘ with
rage, and it hurled itself with all its great strength

They were not intended to resist any such onslaught

as that one was. and they gave; and a second furious

blow with one of the tiger-is fore-paws dislodged two

i ~ or them so that they fell outward into the ‘ring.

With.a roar of victory, the tiger sprang forward

‘ ,"then’.;b"eforethe detective could do aught to interfere

 '.Wlth the,.a’nimal, levenhad ‘sucha thing been possible;
‘% . - It boundedvinto theﬁring. and crouched there for an
 instant.  with  it leaped into the

)-.‘ :V

 

He felt’ the thud of it and 2 had paid the penalty of what she had done, with her

life——and she had brought the tragedy upon herself.

That is all of the story, save to say that if you care
to visit Bronx Park, if you will go to the zoo and
ask one of the keepers about it, he will. if he is kind
and likes your appearance. point out Prince to you;
and, perhaps, if you are the right sort of person, he
will let you stroke the animal‘s glossy coat, and you
will hear Prince purrcontentedly while you do so;
and if you should.be there of a Sunday afternoon
when Nick Carter ‘is in towh, you are likely to see
him there, too. ‘

THE END.

6

A The next number (636) will contain “The Haunted 

Circus; or,; Nick Carter Lays“: Ghost."

‘ l

 

u.g'o...:;._;_-_x‘_~.-_-.- .-L-_‘..._.~.-....__.._-.-...=._.; .~,,_..

.3
i

 

 NEW’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 

NEW YORK, February 27. 1909-

TERMS ro NICK czurraa wsnxu mm. sunscmsans.
. (Parlay: Free.)
slngucopiu or Back Nu-secs. 5¢- Bid!-

;. 8 lilonths...’ .............  650.

 

8"“ ”.°".;'é.‘a:«sai='r"'
n  . -- -
4 months.... ... 850 1 gggyﬂtwo years _____ __,_ ____ __ ‘L00

6 months .................... ..$1.-25

; « How to send D!aney—-By post-omce or eXl’1'°53 m°“_°7 °"‘l°"»
33$ registered letternhank check or draft, at our risk.’ Mi 5'0"’ °‘"‘ "sh if 5"“
" , by currency. coin, or postage stamps i‘n ordinary letter. ~
‘ep ._ Beeeipu——B.eooipt of your remittance is acknowledgﬁd 1’? PPOWP
if ‘ﬂange of number on your label. It notcorrect Y0“ h°Y° n°l" been Pr°"°ﬂy
H credited, and should let us now at once. ,
 V E , I V 51-REE-r & 5M|1'ﬂ,-Publishers.
'  Sui-r1-1: lP"’P""°"' 79.89 Seventh Avenue. NCW V071‘ C“!-
'../r 1

,

I

DETECTING ‘A cRiME.

By MARO o. R0LF‘B-

 

4 “Major Hellings is a gentleman, and I Will not listeri
,3°lI,ger to‘anything you may choose to say toflle ¢0Im'3Y‘Y-_
be blue eyes, usually dancing with mischief and merri-
I , ﬂashed an angry glance at Walter Sterling, aﬂd Sadie
utherven turned away as'if ‘to enter the house_. _
[“Stay, Sadie!” pleaded Walter. “Major _H€l1m_g5 '5 3 bad
jilian, and I doubt very much'-whether he is entitled to the
.333,-,k he assumes, Atleast, allow me to prove to you the
3-truth of what I have said. 1 donqt ask for yourﬂove
 You ha-W imagined that dashing, ‘handsome villain
more worthy of its possession than I. I dont want him,
then b, to wrong‘ you I”  _ . I .
.“ ajor I-lellings is a gentleman,—and_ is entitled to the
tank he. lays claim to, and his crippled limb would be suﬂi-
ent proof of the .-same to one not blinded by prejudice and

 

   
    
 

   
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
     
   
  
  
 
  
  
    
  
      

. ..

. Good afternoon, Mr. Sterling.” ‘ ,
;“Piu=_y parted thus. It was their ﬁrs? quarrel. ‘For nearly
31"’,-gag they had been betrothed, and had‘ not Major Hellmgs
 .b¢twee,,v¢hem, with his dashing ways and _bad hand-
 face they would have lived happilyon in the old

 

i   elf;-om the city, and was supposed to be wealthy;
 whether 'or no ' such I was really the case could
 be seenjhy the vish way in whichhe expended has
of which he evidently had an unfailm supply. He
aha accomplished, and, with his ha tmg step and

st ,m¢1an¢holy,.face, he was the very man, above
hers, ‘tolinterest a romantic little damsel _like pm
me‘; and Sadie had passed but a little time in his society
' eggalmost unconsciously to‘ herself, she began to draw

,.¢.,',,n»‘ms between him‘ and Walter Sterling, her

  

, u
s

  

B

1gmentary' to; the latter.
night’, asgsa

.. , , /
die: stood by the old gate at the rear of‘

  c-, .1 .1.’ dbo edas he-irnprinteda pas-

  raisglfher soft little hand. and.
 "hesﬂed5“trenihlingily, in his own, slipped ea ‘slender
Q?  mnament was ibis betrothal—!'mg of

was ;;gnagniﬁcent' gamond. ‘ '

  
 
 
     
 
 

 
 

‘. -594-,‘t;ue.hea;ted, thoughless elegant, IDVCI‘; not i

‘ ,, :,1,¢ the sound of ‘footsteps, and, a’§»i_i1’ini1te~
 :;H¢u,rhg‘,,sto.',d begide her, his arm encircling;

_  “ ¢:_,-sna,a_¢_ irwhere the sub-
‘ 1  span. the iiaafkllée i.e.w¢l.' ‘

29

and on the inner surface of the golden hand she saw a
curious monogram, formed of the letters M. and \V. “My
mother's initials,” the major said carelessly.

“How beautiful!" Sadie exclaimed enthusiastically.

“The toy is very pretty, darling,” was -the soft rejoinder.
“Business of the most vital importance renders it necessary
that I should go to the city to-morrow, to be absent a month,
at least. Have you not some token, some keepsake, that
I may have to cherish for your own dear sake when I am
away?”

A little locket containing her portrait was suspended from
her neck by a slender, elegantly wrought golden chain. She
unclasped it and placed it in his hand. He kissed her again
and went away, triumphing in his wicked heart over his
easily achieved conquest. He would 'write to her while he
was away, and one day a letter was placed in her hand.
Her heart beat faster for a moment; but one glance at the
large, coarse envelope and straggling, almost illegible
chirography ‘told her that it could not be from Major
Hellings. It was very brief, and written in the same irregu-
lar style as the superscription. Sadie deciphered it after a.
few minutes’, study:

“DEAR Nnacnz My house was entered last night by a bur-
glar, who shot me through the shoulder, and I am suffering
greatly from the wound. Come to me immediately, if -you
can, for I am all alone, with the exception of a young
girl who helps me about my housework.

. “Your affectionate aunt,
“ARATHUSA ADAMS.”

Thus‘it was that the letter read, and in obedience to the
request it conveyed, Sadie found herself seated in a rail-
way-carriage the following morning, going as rapidly’ as

steam could carry her to her Aunt Arathusa, whom she had,

not seen since she was a child.

The cars were crowded, and Sadie had to share her
seat with a portly, plainly dressed man of middle age, whose
jolly face and twinkling gray eyes bespoke a joyful, good-

, natured temperament. . He accosted her with a good‘-humored

smile, and they chatted a while, as passengers will, of the
weather, the magazines and kindred topics, until he drew a
newspaper from his pocket and became so entirely engrossed
in the printed sheet as to be utterly oblivious of things pass-
ing around him. . .

The hot atmosphere of the densely crowded car became
so oppressive that Sadie tried to raise the window... It
was immovable, and‘ she turned toward her traveling'com-
panion; but he read: on, without heeding her unspoken ‘ap-
peal, and disliking to disturb him, she soon afterward again
attempted the task unaided. Sadie succeeded at last, but the
spring was broken, and the heavy frame fell with crushing
force on the ﬁngers of her left hand, and she gave utterance
to a stiﬂed cry that awakened the jolly-faced traveler from
a deep slumber, into which he had been lulled by the sultry
air and the easy, monotonous motion of the train.

“Pardon me,” he said. “I rode all last night: but you
have met with an accident- Are you much hurt?”

“My hand is bruised,” she replied, and her pale face
showed how great was the pain she suﬁered: 

She drew 0E her glove, and as she did so something fell

’from it, jingling down on the floor at her feet. It was

Major Hellings’ betrothal-ring. Sadie’s new friend picked
it up in two pieces. It had. been broken by the falling win-
dow, and its deep, cruel ignprint was plainly visible on its
wearer’: ﬁnger. An old lady at the other side of the car
‘volunteered to bind up Sadie’s hand in her handkerchief,
While this,-was being done, the man, now widevawake,
was staring at the broken ring in an amazed sort of way,

his twinkling little gray eyes glistening with a shrewd tri-

umph. , j , — _

“Found l”!h,e whispered almost below his breath. “Found,
after two monthsf diigcnt 
is Mario;rfVVayne.’s>ring‘. But how came it in the

1

 

I cannot_be mistaken. In

     

 30 NEW
of this young lady? That is a secret I have yet to dis-
cover.”

Thanking the old lady for her kindness, Sadie turned
toward the stranger and met his keen eyes ﬁxed on her
face, as if he meant to read her very thoughts. It was not

a com on stare of curiosity or impudence, but at sharp,~.

searchi g look, which was withdrawn in an instant, and the
' man said cheerily: '

“You look pale. Do you feel better?”

“Much better now; but-—-oh, I have lost my ring l”

“Here it is, but it is broken,” he said as he dropped it
in her little hand, eagerly outstretched to receive it. “It
is curiously wrought, and, I should judge, very valuable. I
have never seen but one like it. Where did you get it, if

’ you do not think me impertinent ?”

“It is a present from a very dear friend.”

“From a’ very dear friend?” he said, repeating her words
after her. ’

“Yes,” she replied. "Is there anything very strange in _

, j that?”
' Paying no heed to her question, he went on:
. « ’ ‘fWill you tell me the name of the friend who gave you
I ‘V 7 ‘that ring? Your brother, perhaps P’’'
T  “No; it was not my brother. I have no brother. I do
' I not see how it can concern you, and I decline to answer.”
,‘3You decline to answer?" again repeating her words.
I ‘S A "Yes,.sir," she replied, with a little more spirit than was
,  nocessaryg as she put the broken ring safely away in her
v_ ,j_, portemonnaie.
a ma  j?'I)hope you will pardon me. Perhapspl was intrusive.”
”“;"I’he mquisitive stranger relapsed into silence and was
soon apparently as far goneeinto drearnland as before. But
xwasnot sleepin . His bus mind was reviewing all the
ﬁrﬁlzlﬁng details 0 a crime t at had been committed in a
 nv‘. city—-—the city to which hewas now going--two
months before. Since‘then this man, keen of scent and
.'Imtl’ring as a sleuth-hound, had been searching far and wide
  perpetrator of that crime, and nowhe thought he
Ilqddsscovercd a clue. ‘ _ .
‘Sadie arrived at her destination late in the afternoon,‘ and
 her’Aunt Arathusa looking .ve wan and tired as she

la  back amen the pillows,’ with er wounded should r
unit! S bandagedgin soft white cloths. She told-her that slie

   
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
    

  

_ , fssomexbne stepping stealthily about in the next room.
S :Sheusvas not ‘a timid woman, and although alone in the
 save for the 'rl she had mentioned in her letter to
e j, _ the erase} opened the door communicating with
. adjoining apartment. The burglar /was in the act of
 {casket inxwhich she ‘I always kept all papers of
wi¢__iIte..snd« what some , the might chance to have on hand.
 I 1. the sharp _.click of the door-latch.
 ‘  he my ”_her,.~and. taking quick aim, ﬁred
.‘;.,v.., pistol~ba‘liJpieIctng»;her,shoulder as ‘She ran across
.   . ’thrquzh"1an open window. She reeled
»mad¢hi;s_eseape.  ; Z > I
 aroused by   and comin %to her as-
, ,"'ip’un3"_'Miss Adams in II dead faint‘o:‘1<'the ﬂoor.
' 1  urdencrihe théﬁman. 'IheuIeidlthat. he was lame

 
  

  
 
 
  

  

  
  



  
 
  

  

 with him: and
 amass Jdcihichbtwss presented
  '§l%’§£_¢f spot I out

.7 1,:

   

 
 

     

 
  

_  A been awakened on the night of the burglary by sounds I

 I Site    

hack-Ia'gnin.’{_.~_‘; ,..

 tha"t’:’-night. The lawyer‘ I L
 ‘   **one<¢-y  

I ."r~iawemmi*   or . 
 I  . I " ’

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

a month before, out by the garden gate. She ﬂushed hotly
as she‘ said:

“To Major Hellings, my betrothed husband; but how did '
it come in your possession?”

“It was found outside under the window,” replied McNabb, ;
‘fwhere Major Hellings, or Dick Whinyard———for that is his 
real name—dropped it as he escaped from the house after 4
-shooting your aunt. Did he give you the ring?" I '«

'5‘Yes,” faltered Sadie, too much frightened to say more. 5
“Yes, Major Hellings gave it to me.” i

“I hope you»don’t care much for him,” said the lawyer; l
“for he is a villain of the worst character.”

“But I do care for him! I care a great deal for him!” 3
said Sadie hesitatingly. «“I have promised to become his '
wife. Surely there is some dreadful mistake.”-

“There is no Major Hellings,” repeated the detective. 3
“There is Dick Whinyard, and Dick Whinyard is a villain, 3
and has got a wife already! I will tell you where he got i
that ring. He stole it from the ﬁnger of a dead woman 1
as she lay in her coffin the night before her burial !”

Sadie recoiled in horror, and would have spoken had not =
McNabb checked her with a wave of the hand as he went 1
on with his ghastly story: , I i . .

“Horace VVayne is a wealthy merchant of this city. All
will remember, also, that the house ;of the bereaved mer- .
chant was entered and robbed of plate and articles of jewelry
to the amount of several thousand dollarson the night before‘
the funeral ,of the dead heiress. Not content‘ with pillaging
the house, the robber, in his ﬁendish lust for gold, took that
ring from the hand of the corpse. But he did not escape
unseen. Walter Sterling, a cousin of the dead girl, aroused‘.
from his sleep by a noise made by the burglar, entered the 
room just in time to put a pistol-ball through the rul‘1ia;t’s ~‘
leg as he disappeared through the door. He was assisted.‘
away by accomplices. and has ever since walked withsa. I
peculiar, hobbling gait. For two months I have been cone 1
stantly searching for him, but in vain until to-night, 
I discovered him in this place, the scene of his crime, 2%. ‘
caused his arrest. He is now in the city prison, and having ,
made a confession, I doubt if he sees the outside of S  .‘
walls for fifteen years.” ’ . A ,._

"Is it true?” asked Sadie when he had ﬁnished. “Is it 
true, or have Ivbeen dreaming?" « , r

‘10nly too true,” said the lawyerjsympathctically. I »

“Then, here is Marion Wayne‘: ring,". she said calmly.
never want tmaee it again l” , , ‘ "

‘She laid the broken trinket on the table, close by Graﬁb
McNabb's hand, and without another word left the 

_»It was a still, beautiful ,summer‘evening, and 
not a sound save the rustlingof the green leavesover S
and Sadie’s hysterical little sobs as she crouched down.

        
      
   

phi: gr}-eat,‘ gnarled apple»tree out by-the garden gate, ‘w
itter y. I I I . ‘ « «

“He told me so; but I wouldn’t heed his warning; ‘ﬂu
that dashing. handsome man,‘ withhis scrpeptLtongue;;,
fascinating ways, was a villain; hutl  

    
 
  

  

   
      
 
     
 
 

deslpised his warnitﬁ Oh. Walter l"  , /
"Sl‘1e‘rl'_e gas a qt! , eager, stcp'behind  Ir
a re. . l g 2 ,  

“Oh, ’Walter,l” _, p _   '
“Sadie,"my ‘own darli \o'nce,'more.lf.'- 1,. C ’ D’
«Yes, .Walts1'{' she *3: cl sptay- “yours; if 

 
 
   

   
 

  

wanton, was hollow shoekssndi’ ta, V

Ielit .

 

   

"i

  

    

ii

iii
.4.  L

A R °   ' S It
Araise in salary comes oftenest to the frained boy-—the boy
who isian eripert at some. particular line of work. It is easy to
secure the training that will not only raise your salary, but that

will also help you win steady promotion, putting you far in advance
of less ambitious boys. ~

The International Correspondence Schools of Scranton have
3 way by w ich you can .easily and surely qualify for a good
.. position at the? work that most appeals to you. Read the list of
occupations in the attached coupon--mark
the one you like best, then mail the cou-
pon to-day to the I. C.,S. Marking the
 coupon costs you nothing. There are no
books to buy. _
. The trained boyihas the advantage every
‘times As surely as the I. C. S. has raised
the salari_es,of thousands of other boys. 3’ C3

    
 

 
 

     
   
   
   
     
   
  
   
  
 

  
 
  
   

 
   
  
  
   
 
 

IAZARXM/I//V6 (01/P0/V

C O-
IYIIIIWIIII. Blllllfﬂﬂﬂ NIX!

I an mu. no-um. vs. ~

cptﬂnmlthnutlnnhr oblinllou on I: put. '
s

‘:0’: I cu: qualify for etuployluom or ndnnanun
la the position heron which I hue mated X
llioeper V lzhllh" ﬁaslcnu
In he It 0|
lIn.r;I.:::.ut WI-nor Elﬁn lliruim
Show Cart! Wrlur °‘ ”" 3'! I00!’
ﬂluuv Tviuun """" ‘ '“"' "“"’

1¢

  
 

       

 
 

‘*  . . - °""'.t.’.';‘.““' §?.'."i-“"" -::°'
 raise yours. Consult your parents I .§.§"_::.‘,;‘.:W 
.      Mark and Mad the ha" "" """""""

 
  

‘an.---.—.-—--o—-—

 ; .s .« i Coupon To-day

X
-—--u..-----so--—...

  

   

rfLATEsTIssuEs1-

‘THE DIAMOND

The heroes of the stories published in this weekly are dear to the hearts of 60,000 boys.

DICK WEEKLY

Diamond Dick is I

splendid Western character.

HIGH ART COLORED COVERS.
633-Diamond Dick and the Land Sharks; or, The Hoodoo of Number

hirt
639-Diamondelgick and the Claim Jumpers; or, The Hard Luck of
Happy Patterson.
640—Diarnond Diek’s Snow-shoe Trail: or, When the Broken Circle
\

Driited.
“I-—Diamond Dick's Mexican Quest; or, The Trail of the Demon
Vaquero.

  HE BUFFALO

32 BIG PAGES.

PRIGE S GENTS.
642—Diamond Dick's Aztec Captive; or. A Secret of Old Mexico.
643—Diamond Dick's Peon Pard; or. A Hand-to-hand Fight for Diazo

644—Diamond Dick's Matador Rival; or, A Treacherous Foe in the
Bull Ring.

645-—Dia.Enond Dick’: Peddler Pard; or, The Unseen Terror of the U.

Trac

646-—Diamond Dick's Silent Special: or, The Line-up at Last Head.

BILL STORIES

The most original stories of Western adventure. gal}? Ionlgﬂwlaveekly containing the adventures of the famous
o .

a
32 BIG PAGES.

HIGH ART GOLORED'GOVERS.

396--Buffalo Bill’: aloft: or, A Call-down for “Old Calamity.”
397-—-Buffalo Bill’; rackets: or, The Still Hunt On the San Juan.
398--Buffalo Bill's Dutch Pard; or, Trailin the Tiger of San Juan.
399-Buffalo Bill and the Bravo; or,,The S ayer from Sonora.
4(1)-BuflaIo Bill and the Quaker; or. A Queer Game in Spanish Gulch.

M401-—--Buffalo Bill’; Package oi Death; or, Turning the Tables on

raymore.
402-Buffalo Bill’: Treasure «Cache: or, Ye Wong’: Treachery.

PRICE -5 GENTS.

403—BuifaIo 3111'.‘ Private War: or, A Helping Hand for Overland Doc.
404--BuigilcI>dBilI and the Trouble Hunter: or, The Lure of the Mission
0

405--Buffalo hill and the Rope Wizard; or, A Tie-up with the Risa

King.
406-Buffalo Bill’: Fiesta; or, At Outs with the Duke of Gina-ran.
407——Buifalo Bill Among the Cheyennesz or, The Rescue of Paquiu.

THE BRAVE AND BOLD WEEKLY

All kinds of stories that boys like. The biggest and best nickeI’s worth ever offered._

HIGH ART COLORED COVERS.
3l5"Rﬂ€]|_£W3 band Rover; or, The Boy from Nowhere. By Weldon
816-—-The'Hou:e' oz ‘Fear: or. Gordon Keith’: Greatest Case.‘ By Law-
rence White, Jr.
317--Bert Chﬁlev on Deck; or, Adventures in the Orient. By John

A3 M 3;...» or, 306 Grant’: Road Upward. Dy rum.
319-On Ha

neock. .
or, The Marhleville Mystery. By Fred Thorpe.

32 BIG PAGES.

PRICE 5 CENTS.
320—Th}E:tbtbooedBoy; or, BoundtoMakeHisMark. ByW¢ldon.

321--Mad.ca Mhx. The Boy Adventurer; CI’; Lat In thclandat 
Mahdi. By Frank Sheridan. *
322--Always to the Front; or, For Fun and Fortune. D7 Giulia’-‘
sh... _
323--Caught in a Trap: or, The Great Desmond Cart. I! 
Irving Hancock. ‘

-e
I

For sale by all newsdaalors, or will be sent to any address on receipt of price, 5 cents per copy, in money or postage stamps, by 
Publishers

STREET 0. SMITH

3!

79-89 SEVENTH AVE” N. Y 5

 

IF’ YOU WANT ANY BAOK NUMBERS

ocure thorn from your newrdealerhthev can be obtained from this office direct. Fill out the

cfourVeeklienndcannot

 

 ﬂ&ﬁm A§:tlﬁ£«gze“_¢:ttheweekllesyouwaatandwewillsendthea1tovouhvreturnrnail. POSTAGE 

IOOlOQII¢ovIoo' o . - u u - v - - vrovcoo - - o . . o u u o - - o - o o . . o - coco n - u - o ~ - o o o o - o - - o - - . . . . - u o o a - a - o - - - - - - O - I - ~ ~ - - - --o«'

 lsmwr &: SMITH, 79 Seventh Ave. New York.

 

 ..... 

.  DearSirr:--—Enelosedpleaseiind - - - - - - - - - . - - - - .-eentsforwhichsendmer N
...;.‘.eopirso£'i'iP'1'OP  .....  ............................... 
~:,«N1a¢cA1rmR wzgxur .......... .._. ......................  ........ 
006-0 muaown n1cxwmKLY..V ....... .._ .......  ....  ......... 

tr‘? 3unrALo3u,Ls1'oRms ..... 

 

,—'1‘
'.. m.;..o'o I;III‘Vt0'IOIU'IOt'QOooooo|e IDoo IoeooelIolelfooooooroooveowecndv ooI¢IIC.:,O%IQ,I‘c n¢onggg.o'

'5

 

C!

 
 

    

  

The Nick Carter weekly

ISSUE EVERY SATURDAY BEAUTIFUL GOLORED 00V$8

When it comes to detective stories worth while, the NICK CARTER WEEKLY contains the only onestifgt should
be considered. They are not overdrawn tales of bloodshed. They rather show the workings of one of the finest minds
ever conceived by a writer. .

The name of Nick Carter is familiar all over the world and the storieslof his adventures are read eagerly by millions,
in twenty different languages. No other stories have withstood the severe test of time so well as those contained in the
NICK CARTER WEEKLY. It proves conclusively that they are best.

We give herewith a list of all the back numbers in print. You can have your news-dealer order them or they will _
be sent direct by the publishers to any address upon receipt of the price in money or postage-stamps.

331——Nick Carter's Thumb Clue. 4-i0~—The Fear-Haunted Broker. 507—Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentle- g72—A Bargain With a Thiei.

   
  
   

33-i——-Nick Carter's Crooked Trail. 441—The Greenhouse Tragedy. man Crook. 73—Peters, the Shrewd Crook.
335-——.\lick Carter's False Clue. 442—A Clever Grab. 508—The Gentleman Crook's Last 574—The Mystery of the Empty’
343—Nick Carter and the Phantom 443-—'1‘he Mystery of the Front Act. Grave.

of Poverty Lane. Roam 509——'l'he “Skiddoo" of the K. U. & T. 575_1'be yeuow Beryl, _
346-Nlck Carter On and Or! the 444—'rhe crime of Union Square. 51o—'I‘he Last of_ the Outlaws. 576—The Dead Man on the

Scent. 445-A Millionaire Criminal. 5l1—Nick Carters Twin Mystery. 577—A Double-harreled ‘
,352—Nlck Carter and the Lanswor- 446—'rhe Broadway Cross. 512-A Battle of Wits. 578—An Automobile Duel. v: w :

HIV Treasure-. 447-The Princess Possess. 513~A Come of Five Millions. 579——Jasper Ryan's Counte ave. 
353—Nick Carter Forging the Fet- 44g_T1;e Quexei Tfaggdy_ 514—Codrnan the Poisoner. 53o_An [meg-uauongi camping’, ,

lets» 450——Misslng: a Sack 01‘ Gold. 515—The Plot 01' the P9|S0nel'- 581—Plotters Against a Nation. :-
354—N!ck Carter from Peril to451——'rhe Great Cathedral Mystery. 516——'l‘he Mechanical Giant. 5s2—uignon Duprea, the Female‘

Peril. _ 452—A Play for a Million, 517—Doris, the Unknown. spy, __
357—Nick Carter in :1 Finish Fight. 453—'1‘he Pear-shaped Diamonds. 518—A Dangerous Woman. 583—A Mystery of High Society. 
358———Nick Carter and the Triple 455._Nick Carter's Human Weapon.519—M8dge Morleys Ghost. 584——A .\iillion Dollars Reward.

_ Identity. 456—The Compact of Death. 520——Aii Automobile Mystery. 585—The signal or Seven Shots.
359——.\ick Carter and the "Queen 457—_The Rajairg Revenge, 521—The Mysterious Stranger. 5se__'rhe --shadow,"

oi! Diamonds." 458——A Tragedy of the sea, 522—The White Arm of a Woman. 5s7—_A Dead Man‘; secret,
360—Nick Carter and the Missing 46o——Kairo the Strong, 523—The Man in the Doorway. 5s3_A victim of Magic,

Jewels. 461-Nick Carter's Strange Power. 524--The Plot of the Baron. 589-A Plot Within a Palace. =
361—Nlck Carter’: Great Success. 462—Nick Carter and the Mnrix-525—The Passenger on the Night 590—The Countess Zeta's Deiense.
362——Nick Carter's Search for a burg Affair. Local. 591—'i‘he Princess‘ Last Effort.

M0tlVe. 463—The Millionaire Cracksman. 526--A Double MYSteY'Y- 592—The Two Lost Chitteridens,
363~—Nick Cartel-‘s Double Capture. -i64—The Mystery Man. 527-—Clal'ice, the Countess. 593————Miguel. the Avenger.
364—Nick Carter's Capture of the 465——Scylla the sea, Robber, 528—Clarice, the Woman Detective. 594_Euia]ig_ the Bandit Quegn‘

Jenkins Brothers. 466—The Beautiful Pirate of Oyster 529—The Index of Seven Stars. 595—The Crystal Mystery.
367—.\'ick Carter's Suicide Mystery. Bay, 530——An Amazonian Queen. 596——A name of wit, and skin,
370——Nick Carter's Diamond Trail. -i67—The Man from Nevada. 531——A Blackmailers Paradise. 597 Vanderdyken. the Miliiougixe.
372—Daznar. the Arch Fiend. 468-—Maguey, the Mexican. 532-Gillsy Madge. the Blaokmailer. 598—Patsy‘s Vacation Problem. ’
878—’I‘he Queen of the Seven. 469—Pedro. the Dog Detective. 5-33——Faclng an Unseen Terror. 599——-The King‘s Prisoner.
37-t—The Sign of the Dagger. 470—’l‘he Automobile Fiend. 534—Idayah. the Woman of Mystery. 600—A Woman to the Rescue.
377—The Last of the Seven. 4'l'1———Bellini, the Black Hand. 535—The Making of a King. 601——Nlck Carter in Japan.
382--1-Ioldlng Up a Nation. 472—The mack Hand's Nemesis. 536——'I‘he Empire of a Goddess. 602—'l‘a1ika. the Geisha Girl.
383———Kidnaped in Broad Daylight.-l73—An Expert in Craft, 537-Zanabayah. the Terrible. 603—.By order Q! the Empemy,
385——'I‘he Secret Order of Associ- 47+-—Nick Carter's Terrible Experi-5-38—'l‘h0 Seven-headed Mon-“tor. 60~i—The Convict's Secret.

ated Crooks. em-e, 539—The Woman of the Mask. 605-—'1'tie Man in the Dark,
886—When Aces Were Trumps. 475——'I‘he Mystery or an Untold 540-—The Masked Woman's Daring 60s—An Anarchist, plot,
387——The Gambler's Last Hand. Crime. Plot. 607——'i‘he Mysterious Mr. Peters.
388——The Murder at Linden Fells. -l76—Diana. the Arch-demon. 541-—Hobo llﬂl‘l'Y. the Beggar King. 608——A Woman at Bay.
389~—Mercedes Danton's Double. 477—Captain Satan. the Unknown. 542-—BlaCk M8d8e'S Hobo G8DE- 609—'l‘he Balloon 'l'ra8ed!- .
390-—'I‘he .\‘iillionaire's Nemesis. -l78—A Wizard of the Highway. 543—Blnck Madge’s Vengeance. 610—Nick Carter's Strangest o
391——A Princess of the Underworld. ~l79——Abductt=d in Broad Day. 544—A 'l‘raizedy,oi' the Footiiahts. 611——The Stolen Treasure. :
392-—A Queen of Her Kind. -i80—The Tong of the 'ral1iess545—The Maynarq,Woman's Double. 612-—The island of Fire,
393———Isabel Benton‘: Trump Card. Dragon, 546——1'l'hree Against Fifteen. 613———The Senator's Plot.

39-i»—A Princess 0! Hades. 481-—The Padlocked Mystery. 547--A Mystery Of TWO P=\«‘~“el18e1‘F- 61-l—TlJe Madness of M0 in.
401—-—The House with the Open Door. -i32——Dema. the Dangerous. 548—A Dead Man at the Feast. §15—A Million—dollar Ho -up." .
-iO2——'l‘he Society or Assassination. 483—Nick Carter's Murder Problem. 549—The House of Secrets. V Gl6——Nick Carter's submarine Cl
404—The Trail of the Vampire. -l84—A Battle Among the Clouds. 550—Tbe Lost Bank President. 6l7—Under the Flag of Chance ‘
405——Denlons oi’ the Night. 485—'l'he Veiled Princess. 55l—R-alph Bolton's Double Plot. 6l8—'l'he Ca Against Judge
406—The Captain of the Vampire. .i86——The Conquest of a Kingdom. 552-The Dare-devil Crook. ‘. . nardw

407—A Bank President's Plot. 487-——The House of Skeletons. 553——A Mystery from the Klondyke. 6l9—‘nown to the ave.
«I08-The Masked Criminal. 488-—A Queen of inferno. 55-l—Returned from the Grave. 620—'l"he Fatal Javelin. ,
409—The Carrutbers Puzzle. 489-—-Nick Carter's Foxy Adversary. 555-—’l'he Mystery Man of 7-Up 621-—The Ghost oi‘ Nick Cl .
-i10———Inez. the Mysterious. 490--Three Times in Peril. Ranch‘ 622—A Sifanile C0ln°ldel|¢e- =
411—‘l'he Criminal Queen's Oath. 491—The Gold Lettered Dagger. 556—A Bad Man of Montana. 623-Paulint.&A Mystery. ‘
412-The Point of a Dagger. -i92—That Mysterious Affair. .'S57——The Man from Arizona. 624-—A Woman of Plots. '
422-By Command of the Czar. 493-A Dead Guardian of Millions. 558——Kirl Curry's Last Stand. 625—A Millionaire Swindle!-. i
423——'l‘he Conspiracy of an Empire. 494—Tbe Mysterious Treasure 559~—A Beautiful Anarchist. 628—The Money Schemers. *
424——A Queen of Vengeance. Hunters. 5ﬂ0~—The NihiIist's Second Move. 627-On the Trail of the Moon.

429—'l'he Phantom Hlghwaylnan. 495—“l'he Klondike Bank Puzzle. 561—The Brotherhood of Free 62R——'I'he House of M13191’!-

  
 

-i30—A Milllonmollar Hold-up. 496-The “Bad Man" of Nome. Russia. 629——The Disappearance cl
431—Nick Carter and the Man with 497—'l'he Black Flag of Piracy. 562—A White House Mystery. sieur Gereaux.
the Crooked Mind. 498—Following an Ocean Trail. 563—'i‘he Great Spy System. 630—An Heiress to Millions.

432—Nick Carter's Convict Enemy. 499—A Clue from the Clouds. 564—The Last of Mustushimi. 6.'<l1—The Man in the Blograph.
433-—The Pirate of the Sound. 500-——Praxatel. or the lronarm. 565~—-Secrets of a Haunted House. 632-The Time-lock Puzzle.
434—'i‘he Cruise oi the Shadow. 502-—lsmalla. the Chieftain. 566-—-A Mystery in India ink. 633—'l‘he Moving Picture lily
435——A Prince of Ira stars. 503—Nick Carter-'s Earthquake Clue. 567—'l'be Plot of the Stantons. 634——'i‘he Tiger-tamer.
438——The Mystery of ohn Dashwood. 504-Nick Carter Among the Bad 568—'I‘he Criminal Trust. 635—A Strange Bargain.
481'—Following I Blind Trail. Men. 569-—’I'he Syndicate oi’ Crooks. 6.'l6—The Haunted Circus.
438-The Crime oi the Potomac. 505—’i'he Man of Many Faces. 570-—'l'he Order at the Python. 637——The Secret oi‘: Private ' --
439—In the Shadow of Death. 506-—A Letter train the Dead. 571-—Tried for His Life. 638—A Mental Mystery. .

 

 

If you want any back numbers of our weeklies and cannot procure them from your news-dealer, they can be obtained

smear a smru. PUBLISHERS, 79-as szvami Ava.  V

 

  
  

  PRIDE, FIVE GENTS PER COPY

from this oﬂice. Postage-stamps taken the same as money.

 

