V

... . ..§.«6:..x:..3

tr»

   Issued Weekly. By subscriﬁtion $2.5m per year. Entered according to Act of Congress in the year 1907. in the Oﬁee of the Lﬁrarian of Congress.
Washington. D. C., by STREET & SMITH, 79-8:; Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y '

 No. 568.

NEW YORK, November 16, 1907.

Price Five Ccntsim

OR,

iNic.,,k Oarterfs ‘Mysteriousl Client.

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

CHAPTER I.
BREASTING A WAVE on CRIME.

It was perhaps only coincidentally’ that Nick Carter
should have received in the same mail one morning,’ when
Ire descended to tl1e’breakfast—table, letters from the chiefs

I of police of three different cities, each bearing upon the

same subject and each couched in so nearly the same
;words 'as the othersthat the reproduction of one of them
will suffice here. i

ii One of the letters came from Philadelphia, one fromj

‘ Boston, and the remaining one from Chicago; and inas-

. inuch‘ as it was the Philadelphia letter which Nick read

first, we will give that exactly as it was written.

‘illly Dear Carter,” wrote the director ofjpublic

ilsafety, who, for the sake of brevity, we call the chief of

police, “an epidemic of crime seems to have broken, out
in this city, and my men, expert as they are, seem inade-
V uate ‘to contend with it. It would .-appear: almost as if

t ere were an organized gang at work here, generaledt

and directed by some master mind who has foreseen
every obstacle he would have to overcome to protect his

criminals who are with him; but has accomplished what M

F

_s, till more, remarkable in attaining, as it wouldappear,
th =:<ent,ire conﬁdenceiand perfect obedienceof his fol-
owers.

.>' /1

Crimes are committed with impunity,_many of

them in Broad daylight, and some of them almost under
» the eyes of pedestrians on the streets, and in each case «
the criminal has succeeded in making his escape with ‘

little or no difficulty, notwithstandiilg the excellent police

service which I believe obtains in this city. 

f‘I will confess to you that I am at my wit's end about
the matter, ‘and that I have decided to appeal to you be-
cause I am convinced that my own men are so well known
to these criminals that they are completely handicapped
in every effort they make to arrest them. I believe that.

detectives from some other city are required, to round '
these fellows up, for there is no doubt that they have

every one‘of my men spotted, and that they know 'l>‘e- V
forehand just how to avoid arrest for the outrages they ‘

commit.

“I have communicated with the mayor and with the/~
heads of departments here, and also with many of the
councilmen, and it is with their approval that I write

this letter asking if you can come over here at your.

earliest convenience, to communicate with me about the, a

condition of things, and to take charge, if you will do
so, of the matter I have outlined.” V r ' ‘

This letter was signed by the director of public safetv

of Philadelphia, where there is so much jealousy fe
whenever there is any suggestion made of outside assis
ance in police matters that it is only underjthe greates
stress ‘of necessity that a plea_1ike theforegoing would be
made. * ’ A I”  L ‘ 

I ,

THE CRIMINALTRUST;ii

   l         ‘

l<.E,Cartert /put the [letter aside with. a smile, V and what a busy man 11 am—-how Iittleftime
 , V Iacfossf the table to hisﬁrst ‘assistant as ‘follows: V thing outside of’ the regulﬁafwork of -th dep rtnien
I.» “Chick, here a. letter from the director of, public ;“Y°5: I'1m°‘,’V7”  _ V . I  V.  
S‘ fetjrvin 2Philade1phi‘a..VA They have got some kind ofan * “S0 I m1V‘5VtV C0Y1f¢55V thathiit 55 bh11VSiI1€ShS‘ thattha
ep emic of crime overthere that they want ns to attend me here this _m°mln§-” V l V ’7 V
‘q_l,s think I..wi11VseVnd. you overqthere in my place,” and  “I guessed that njiuch, oflocourssf’ V ’ _ A
hie iossedjithe letttervacross the table to. Chick toc.read,V  “I SUPPOSE: ’NiCk; yV011Yh3V€ been‘ reading _V_fh¢_P3P
‘who he itoek; up the next one hirnself. VThis was the lately?” , . L. V ~' ‘ _ _  
;B,ost no letter, and need not be repeated,~as it was in Vettect V “Yéssl milk? 3 Point ofegoing Very th°Vr°ugh1yVVthr
'alrhost precisely thevsameas-the“one from Philadelphia, them every r'n0rnin’g:’_"~ ' , ¢V  V‘ VV M V A"  5 —
lthongh diﬁeren-tly stated. - The: detectivietk-nitteVdVVhis  “Then you.,have not efailcéd to notice the roas
Wows overit for _a mdrnent, and then passed it across department is getting all along the line for, its.
entablejs to Chick, with the remarlcj ‘  V V inadequacy to contend againsvt/the wave  crir'neVltI1'at3
“You may read this letter when you have ﬁnished with" been sweeping over the city;-hoof 13te-”_- ‘
"the: one,’.’ and he took up theVChicago letter. Here . ,NiCk.n°ddVe_d- V _ E  ‘ 1 ' V
iwasaimost a_1fepetition_of«thVe other two. 7" ‘ l V _?.i“W§11‘.’l’ econtinuedl the s°°mmiS$iOi1é13}“I:V—‘1i' 'e'~‘¢e
’ In each case the writers of the letters expressed them.» here ﬁll-°v‘ momitqg to ten, yc°uVVtha,t.s the tVh;f'g.V h 
i  Lashelieying that a regular, organization was in Ond te;':1I1)rance' fl Vd?” . _
istence intheir city, controlled 15 some man ‘who was mm  _.aperS’ 017.. mu, .' 1‘ , 3' ~‘»a_'VI
Va’s'teV;'V.atlthe',criminal craft, and stated their belief that 3555 e??f¢“Sal?le under the °1r{=um_stanc¢s,_but1f4_
Wes from’.oVthe_12—citiesiwieie. :nec‘es_sary‘toV run them ovsentfltlvesi Vof the papers; knew Just ‘leunormou
,  .7sine6,thereVwas no Vdoubt.that’a1_l qf their own men =p°.mOnS that w.aveV°f crime has a.“?"“‘d’. they V
ere lgnowiiito Vth"e.Vcriin.ih_aVlsV; V  VV     ‘V yf  lt3‘A‘,"1‘5,” bf’ _3St°m§h°Vd;’l’ .    7' i;‘V:“i/Q
.. he gletectiyepassed this letter alsVoV,aVcrVossi the table to .» “H9; do you a"‘°°‘.““ for it’ commissmner 3?? "*?l‘k
"isas “Vtant, and‘waited»nntil Chick had read them 311‘. "V ﬁd.ei?°nt‘V‘*‘— c . s % 3  V ; _ '_   V .1!
- . t , inst as_J"he_Vvvas about to ask his assistant for an 4%/.:1:n9t ;‘:cf_:’,f‘t_‘f_9r ii’    K
vessionﬁiof opinionjabout them, the door-bell rang,  ‘¢Bef:r€1Si%1n:v;ér youryquéétibﬁ let ﬁled‘ ékw V-9
sepn entered the room, annduncin  , “  >.,’;  1    e c   3;  _
he itornmissioner of police to‘ see yotf VVCarter,” V mejm V." 2 _ V ”  3 ,,?’-s V V V V V
‘/‘A15 ‘right, ]oseph,- take him vtoithe, libraryhand .say,_VI  “A” }“‘..S_“*--"GF’ ahead» .
‘ ii there ina _rnoment,’.’V and .~VtI1éVn,:toihisassistanf,‘ he i " V’ I.i°'t.VtheieIa._§t 
V “‘Chick, I’ll bet you a hatnthat the commissioners g.en§r?I imtb’re7akﬁ f - . . .
 .,  ‘L7  . . 4 ~ e   1 J’, - i ~ - ~.. .V‘Clty.g.TI',1ey_'3f€‘ no mmcittedo ’
com here to d1SCl1S5 the same tnatter, . . s , -; . ,«  t. i  ;   . e
an tal<eVt1ie bet” res:-d    i  i they extend ‘ten the ‘West 111??“ s.
  E _ Q , pie the assistant, -for I 3-umPgng.'off place iI1lRiChm0nd.~and}ff;

l

;

)  _“atqallt_ w‘on_cler”if- you,we1'e_1*ight,nIt,'remindsg. d» t -lets V f th . Bw h in t
N ie,.__p£; theoId'Night'Hawklorganization, which I. _ féfch rf°m:‘.’B’;.geh d
t ‘cs9ﬁsinateds'tin, Philafielphiai'andcax’adua21y wévdéd 1: Hudson 'RiiVvexf?,«andT%'erVime. is i 5”
”  »‘  V 1  ‘V   1 1-‘ ‘__‘diVstricts_<ofVthis ghreatscityilsais it T
 the detectiAv_V_e,? has ters of VManhatt-an ' V‘
_ V giirigth Vdo,or.:{fThe1*elgheg“" T ‘ ’
rem“arkéd.;g; V    ». V   ,. A _
  fatCh5C‘*élf’tli'Vit1i5*atI15r1>?»knéwh 
V  have .tyout’vgith" use ~_i_ this Vcoin-,. =
- ’is~’ené;~l .0: i.p"olic.e swag awaitiags«ﬂaimoiiai~gm 1
.-'aVnd“as5the?Vdete€tiyeV'/shoolﬁ handsuwithl T 
thatl’f11is':is the rst time .ftl"gat

 . have called the ‘wave of crime.

NEW NICK CARTER  4.

‘ ilphaveﬁgiven strict orders amongtthe lieutenants on the

force, and, wherever it is possible to keep; information

,from» a reporter, it is done, or he is supplied with such
of meager details that he gives it no more than a stick of
type in his paper.” +

“Well, commissioner, what is the occasion, of your call

npon me?” ‘

“Why, there could only be one reason for it, and that

is that  want you to take charge of this thing for me
. fora while, and see if something cannot be clone to stop
, this business.” '

4' The detective was silent for a moment, and then he
p_ remarked: / t.

“I think you are right, commissioner, aboutithetheory

or the organization of the criminals, and, if you are
; right, there is only one way to put a stop to what you

.31:

j “What is that, Nick?”

'  “It is that we should. aim directly‘ at the organization
. itself, and not at any one or more of the speciﬁc crimes
that are committed.” *

,“I understand,” said the commissioner, nodding. “I
had thought of that idea myself, only, the diﬂiculty in ac-
omplishing any such purpose as you suggest seems to

.“me to be insurmountable.

,‘‘You must understand, Nick, that I have been dream-
ing about this matter a good, deal; I‘mean by that that
have been thinking-itpover quietlyaby myself, and 

"have arrived at certain conclusions regarding it.”

I i“What,are they?”

I “If we start on the hypothesis ,
_“One moment‘, commissioner. Don’t let us have; any-

hing to_ do with the subjunctive mood. Let us say we

' :9

1‘-will start out with an hypothesis of the existence of the

C1-iminal’s Trust. Let us say that there is such» an or-

,rganization~ as you have suggested; That it is organized

/

and ‘commanded by one’ suchnlan, or aset of two or

. three men, who have it thoroughly under their control,

and now go ahead.” _ ,
“Very well; starting on that hypoth'esis,*then, and sup-

posing that there‘ is one mastermind at thehead of this I

affair, ‘whom we will refer to as the Chief of the Crooks,

speciﬁc crime i”.

“That would be the least available way; of getting at if

mat all,” said Nick easily, “for you mustunderstand

 that his power lies in his abilityfto conceal his identity

horoughlyhnot only from society, uponvivylhich he preys,
from his own men, as well.’’—‘ i as  o
‘.‘By Jove! I hadn’t thought of‘ that l” _ ’ I I , 
That, commissioner, would be the very ﬁrst necessity

l;'i‘at,'wou‘ld arisein perfecting an organization of that ;.

rem is no such, thingaés honor arnoItg‘Tl_thieves
story-booksl; oncekinr a* while you ; will find
whottril st‘ I ‘ al x“i.li*if9\11‘5~VF“?‘. 1'’

V ware weto get at him without followingiuip some .

they are in the same business that he does so, but rather)
it is because of some personal affection that exists be- 

tween the two men. They probably would not call, it
affection, but it is a sort of liking and reliance upon

each other that they have in danger and in the commis- '

sion of their crimes; but there is no honor among thieves.

;No man hesitates, as a rule, to betray another where it I

is to his personal advantage to do so; and always provi-
ded he is convinced that his associate will not discover

that he has acted the traitor. A criminal who thus acts

as a stool—pigeon is apt to die very suddenly.”
“I know that to be true,” admitted the commissioner.

“And so this man’, who is at the head of the organi-
zation, if he understands his business, as he evidently.
»does, knew in the beginning that he could only obtain ‘
and hold the control of the criminals he commanded by.
keeping his identity a mystery to them.” . . ' 5

“I see the point; I think you are right alioutit, Car-'_
ter.” ' ‘ '
“Every crook is superstitious, commissioner.

\

Every

crook is fond of mystery, while at the same time he hates i

it with every impulse that he possesses. But you take a
crook that comes into an organization such as webbe-
lieve exists; bring him to the point of agreeing to be-
come a member of it, and submitting himself to the or:

‘ders of the chief of it, and then envelope that chief in as’

muchpmystery as can possibly be brought to Bear upon
the conditions, and you have the crook where helinoti
only obeys the orders of his chief literally, not only be-‘
cause he has found it to, his advantage, to do so, but "he"

will not oppose them, because he presently becomesrsof
frightened. at the possible consequences to himself if he;
. fails to obey them; he is a veritable slave to that unknown

master who controls him.” a
“I see, I see, Mr.‘Carter.” l

-“Now, let us take a speciﬁc “ci“ime. Take for example

that bank-robbery that happened only the other day.’’‘

“What one do you mean, Nick? There have beensoi

many that I don’t quite follow you.” . , V

“I am referringnow to the Runyon case, wherie the
young? man was a teller in a bank and ‘stole ninety-six,
thousand dollars, which he carried away in a suit-cas .'l‘
A “Oh, yes; well, what do you make of that?” I ‘in ’

i‘There is a crime,_commissioner,. which,‘ on the if
of. .it,j. had nothing wide with this torganizationiwh
you want toﬁnd. If it had been directed by. the Chief. ,
/the Crooks, none of that money would have been} 

‘covered, and the chances are a thousand to_one that’ 
‘yon himself would never have been‘ captu‘1fed.”.

_“Well? What are you getting at?” ‘

I “This: if that crime had been thefwork of thi

 2; g I I  NICK CKRTER 

Runyon and arrested him, he would not‘have been able” The detective laughed.’

to tell "me about the man that controls that organization

' » any more than you are at this moment.

“Even admitting that he is weak and that he would be
willing totell all he knew, he still would have had no

 information that would have been worth an hour’s labor

on your part ,or- mine.”

“Well, then,” said the commissioner, “how are you go-
ing to get at it ?” I

“There is only one way,” said Nick.

“HoW is that,” V

“I must play the Jimmy McPartland act and become a
crook myself——that is if I take up the matter at all.”

“Of course you will take it, Nick. That goes with-
out saying.” . ~

_.._.:.4
V

I - CHAPTER II.
OUTLINING THE CRIMINAL TRUST.
The detective, without offering an explanation at all,

‘now gave the letters which he had received that morinng,

and which he had brought with him, into the hands of the
commissioner, and watched that official silently while he
read them. '

“You see, commissioner,” he said, when the latter had

 laid them aside one by one without comment, but never-
‘ itheless with a puzzled expression on his face, “the same
I conditions seem to exist in other cities besides this
Vone. Boston’s complaint is almost the same as Chicago’s,

and Philadelphia’s is almost exactly like the other cities’.
They are all, in fact, the same as yours.’f_

“Yes,” said the commissioner. ‘
‘ “And so,” said the detective, “we are to conclude that

I "lithe condition of which you complain is general through-

out at least four of the cities of the country, and I have

I [no doubt it extends to others, only we have not heard from
4 them. It so happens that four of them, if I include you’
A in the number, have appealed to me to help them out of

the diﬂiculty and it is very logical to conclude that as

‘many others have called upon some one else.”

“And is it your idea, Nick, that-these are all part and

I parcel with the same affair?” V

“Yes; that is my idea.” . .

.. '“Admitting that the one man we call Chief of the
‘ Crooks doesexist, is it your opinion that his authority
 is as great in Chicago, Philadelphia, and Boston as it is
in New York ?” . '

“J ‘ «Yes.» i‘ " ‘ _ V p

 ~ “Then we run up against another difﬁculty, don’t we P”

/

“Seems to me, commissioner, that we’re up’ against a

I good . many." I

2 “Y_es,'I know; but there’s one in particularthat strikes

ﬂine forcibly just now.”/

“What is that?” . ,
ow are we to determine where the real headquarters

 Q-tn‘ gchier pf nae. crooks ass;

have nothing “to do
case.’’]'' p 9  '

“I don’t think that need concern us at the present mo-
ment, commissioner. In order to ﬁnd the headquarters
of this Criminal Trust, as we have agreed to call it, ISDIDTE
person, myself or Chick or Patsy, or all three of us, must
become, for the time, criminals ourselves; and the thing?
can only be worked up to gradually.”

“You think you can do it, Carter 3”

“I think it can be done.”'

“Are you willing to try it?.”

try“-es.” V ‘ ‘ M

"What are you going to do in regard to these letters
you have received?” , . .

“I don’t know; I haven’t decided as yet.” I F

“You admit, do you not, that I have the first claim
upon your services?” I

“Oh, yes, commissioner, in a certain way, you have.
.T his is my home city and of course I am more interested
in it than in any of the others.” I’

“If it’s a question of pay, Carter——-”

“It isn’t a question of money, at all, commissioner,
and you ought to understand that it is wholly a question}
of expedience. Just now, I am in doubt whether Ijcati
accomplish more by remaining hereior going elsewhei‘
and when I take up this matter I shall act wholly upo
my own responsibility. But you must, know that whether
I go to Chicago, Boston, or Philadelphia, or any other;
city, or if I remain here, the whole case will ultimate
work itself out to the same conclusion.” . h

“Yes; I quite agree with you now, that I understand’
it.” .  . "i

“In the meantime, commissioner, I have a suggestiort
to make to you.” 4 I I

“Well?” ,, , ,

“It is that you follow‘ out precisely the lineyou he
adopted in this matter.” A" I

“I don’t think I quite understand you.” _

“I mean tliat Iwish you to keep it a secret that}?
have called upon me in reference to the wave of crib
that is sweeping over the city. I wish you not to let
be known that I have interested myself in this matte ,
all or that you have sought my aid.” "

“I will agree to that, certainly.”

“And I would suggest also, commissioner, that" pr
would pursue with undiminished zeal; each speciﬁckéa“
that arises. Perhaps undiminished zeal is not the
pression I should have used; I inean with added
Put additionalmen on the cases. Stir up your force
its best efforts. Make your people ‘understand they 
ﬁnd these criminals who are’ committing these crinies '
attach a penalty to your orders.”/ ',

.“But you told me just now that speciﬁc crimes .
with the ultimate putcome_j

ll»

  I told you>I

you that.I believed that he had concealed his identity so

horoughly andiso surrounded himself with mystery that «

The is personally unkuow/nito the men who acknowledged

allegiance to him. “You see, commissioner, I want to

;this additional effort you will make’ to trace out spe— I

iﬁc crimes as a shield for-what I ‘shall do myself with

I he aid of my assistants.”

I “I -understand you, now.” , .

\

1 7‘I am reminded, commissioner, of anlexperience lthat“
‘_1I»l1ad a number of years ago in reference to an organiza-
“tion“of"criminals that was perfected in the city of Phila-

‘(lelphia and who called themselves theINigl‘1t Hawks.
‘_‘__That occurred while you were still connected withfthe
nited States Army andibeforeyou were connected at all

ah police Yaﬁairs. Philadelphia had become overrun by:

,organize'd band of criminals which was dividedlinto,

ections in the manner of any secret society .;that possesses‘ .

~ _ oer three or more degrees. fAt that time Chick and
took the matter up. We wiant to Philadelphia, and I,
_a enabledvﬁnally to workijmy way intothe secret meet-, M &_
gs ‘of the different branches of that=" organization, and 1.
ltirnatel came to know personallygthe man who was at A I

j,hea’d of,it and who was known to his followers only
sgthe King Hawk. Their organization was divided into

egrees calledﬂights. For example, there’ was a ﬁrst, sec- 

, and ﬂight of tlie'Hawk_s, rrepresenting the first,
ond, andthirdyvdegreeslpofthei organization, and above

1  beyond; them wasﬁstilla highendegree, which they

’a;llec1._1;he iFea_thered est, and‘ which _consisted of the
iefs‘ of eachilocal organizatidn.'.. . I ' s ’

orfexasmiﬂel the,ii1ié#.*?3eré¢1:.Néwwssiéyiii.%hefbé~::  ,. p T I. , . ., . , . .
mﬁpngplocamd ing.Phi1ade;p}?5a‘yL  of fhg..7/Pﬂrt «and, are,11i>t.,to.‘expect ;1ne_  make 0 e
;e;athe‘red, Nest consisted of the t:hi4ji»fs.;b£-‘vthe i—org[arliza+ I My ‘
_ from-‘New.’-York, Chicago, VKansas.aCi§ty,7,‘St;.Loi.iis,,t C ‘ V , .. _ o   ’ 
Edam‘ I andotlierl cities throughout the.lcoiiritry.: It was I 7-5 ‘:F°“‘7.th‘l-That W1‘a*e"‘3‘l3_‘“a9f.eXpen$es“
V res; ed oiieri by the iKingtHawk,7’wl1o‘iwasthe h‘raihs..’{”fr9m time #9 time 9* Wk?“ 1‘ 3m;:““°5*gh»
 ' t t I “ ' I I I 7' I ‘byyoulwithoutplqtlestionzjf 5  

fit and _w,l‘1o, strangely-5:enougli,,iI ﬁnally’ ij

til ,
M _ A I arrested  C,3ityv,afterwardL‘ ‘A
w,  signer, my’ idea is itliatlithere is another

‘ ‘ the,-‘samep:'lines gandthei

a

didn’t°ithink'iwe could ﬁnd the Chief“
-» ofthe Crooks by following up any speciﬁccrime. I told-

V. money.”

“ have applied. tome or that lam’ associated
,with;you,ing‘the matter.". I, V ' V .
 “‘Agreed.,” V I I . I ‘

Francisco

I  fl  N1cK““~,cAi§ThR IVVEEKIZY.

exactly the same manner. as Iliroke up the Night ,Haw-Es

I, at least, must become a member of that Criminal’

‘ Trust, and one or more of my assistants must do the‘

same thing. It will take time, energy, patience, an
“All right, Nick,”‘ said the commissioner, laughirl
“if you will supply the energy and the patience, ;I wil
see to it that there is no lack of money to meet the neces
sary expenses.” ‘ M A . =‘
“It would not surprise me,” pursued the détecﬁye, ail-
ter a moment of silence, 7‘if this thing has beeiiithbiig.

out and organized by one of the old members of th

Night Hawk gang, or at least by some person who wp
cognizant of their work. A man by the name of -Pol

V lock was the‘ King Hawk, but he is dead.”

 “Whoever he is, Nick, I think’ you_ will ﬁnd hhh hm

;mately.” , * ’ .

“Oh, yes;  will ﬁnd him‘ ultimately.” pp 
“And do I understand, then,‘ that you take the case

asked the commissioner, rising and‘ reaching for

hat. ' ' = . l» .
K “Yes, I-take it on the conditions I have named ,.

- “What1iaré those? . You had‘ better specify‘-‘them
“First: Thatyou will not let it be known that 
in 
’/ « ~ .

“Secondf That you will redoubilleh yourf  ,
lowing up these speciﬁc cases of crimes that occur {ea " ‘

your jurisdiction.”,-A _  A
- “Agreed-”. e is

. ““Thir.d: vThatp'you*are not toicallliiponp  A

prepared"to do so on my own initiative.’.-’,
“Agreed?  ~ — « -

.“I agree . to ‘ithattiof con ,se;_ 

_1 ..“I make thislast-stipulation-hecanse‘there M
' I will li‘ave‘tojusejconsiderablemoney, inwoneiw

°th¢i,5'.and,'*%€>

 NEW. NICK, CARTER WEEKLYQ I

vritten upon, I want you to know that, that man '_is in’
rnyemploy and he is, to be set at liberty or permitted to
escape with the least possible delay, or will be permitted

5 to follow out any plans he suggests to you.”
"  . “That is a good idea, Nick, and I, certainly will do as

' 99

you‘ say.
“Very well, co_rnm_issioner, I think we pretty well un-
derstand each other now.” -

I  .“Do you wish me to advance you any money at the

present time in prosecuting this‘ case?”

“No commissioner; it is a ood a master who a s
_ 9 Y P 3’
when the work 15 done.” ’

i“lYou may understand that there will be no more de-

ilay anywhere in the prosecution of this case than I

tleern to be absolutely necessary.” y
‘.‘And. if I or one of my men might pick up, a clue that

might be of service to you, Nick, how am I to com-

municate with you?” . . 4
, “You are not to attempt to have any communica-

ition with me whatever unless’I apply to you. I would

‘rather that you wouldn’t come here again or to appear to A

have anything to do with me until this case is ﬁnished,
nd there is another thing, commissioner, to which I
Light to callyour attention.” I I '

,‘Inan ,orga.pizationi of this kind, nothing is neglected

y the men who have it in ‘charge. Its power and ‘V

ength depends upon the information which it has at
hand .against; the powers that rule“; and, therefore, they

_<loubtles,s.have spies everywhere. I think if there could ‘
beta. thorough expose of their methods made at this ‘

oment, youfwould discover that there are spies of the
minal’s Trust now located at Police Headquarters and
‘tli’roughout the precincts of the city.”=i
“Great Scott, Nick! Do you mean. to say that my
wn uniformed. rnenwould join, such an ..orga,nizationi
s'th"at_ one?” , I i
‘.‘‘What- Ipmean to say is that in an organization of: so
_a y thousands as you have underyour charge’-now,
ere. are always,men, who are not honest. There is not

Va .polic‘e oﬁice in the world that does notoontain its

taipof cr”ooks.’’ , A _
,‘I;siup’pos\e not.”~i I « ,
‘Iii teIl,you this in order that youmay be on your
at ..In order that you may take nobody into your
 derice, not even down at headquarters, unless it be
Pierson whom you know of your own knowledge to

, 1

,, “Do I understand that you will begin operations at V»
, gonce ?” ‘ ‘

‘ case

—‘ work as yougdeemfrb
ltfﬂ=.,rt‘-T is on‘)? one. '

CHAPTER III. _
nick CARTER SELECTS PA NEW DISGUISE. _

As soon as the detective was alone, he called -Chi I

and Patsy to him in the library.  g ‘ ,
“My lads,” he said, “you both have good reason‘

remember the experiences we had with the Night Haw s

of the Quaker City; You, Chick, have already‘ read th
letters I received from Chicago, Philadelphia, and Bo
ton this morning, and know about the commissioner,

' call -here immediately after I had read them over;,.a’
Patsy, may read them for your own‘ ediﬁcationv

y0U,
now.’ _ ,, - .
He waited while Patsy went through the letters care
fully /with pursed lips and thoughtful brow, and: then
he continued. ‘ . i * ‘I
“The commissioner’s story to mewas almost identica
with the contents of those letters. In other words, th“
same conditions exist here in and about the city of Ne

York that obtain in those cities that have communicated
with‘ me; and I have no doubt that we will ﬁnd the sang 

conditions existing, or approximately the same, in oth
large cities. ' . I ' I I‘
“The whole thing resolvesxitself into the existence 0
what the commissioner and I haveagreed to nam I
Criminal Trust, outlined and organized on somethin :0

the same plans as the Night Hawks.

“I have agreed with the commissioner that I w,‘ 1°

take up this matter and it: is understood between. 11

that our connectionwith ,,it,is to remain a secret. A
“Now, we have got’ toiapproach. it in the sameirn
ner that thesother case was handled, and Itamitg n‘
to send you,- Chick, I. to Philadelphia to report- to "

director of public safety there, and you, Patsy, Qmayi
to Boston, which seems to be more or less a luckyiiplacy

‘for you. - I

“Chick, I want you to start for Philadelphia this”'
ternoon/or evening, havinghmade yourself u'p4in’ A
meantime to repr.es.ent me, and I want you during y "
visit there to carry out the idea thatyou are Nick Ca
ter. Fix your make-up so it will be as permanen
possible, and don’t deny that you are Nick Carter‘  '
any circumstances unless I direct you to do,:,so._ ,. ‘

‘ "Patsy, you will go to Boston in your own. prop

person and will report to the chief. of policeither th .1

Nick Carter has been cialledto ‘Philadelphia  the‘ sa

and thatyou. have been sent to him to tikef
place, . ' i » I »—'  ’~ 
I ‘You will each of you explain to the two heads 

)

gpartment my theories of the case as» evidenced :1.

letters Ivhave' received, and
missioner in New York.  I
“I leave_ you both freegtop

..,,,._.. ,, .

in ‘my Iténc wifh“ttre+cs‘

 w.‘ 2.

Pfis by ﬁguring it out so that you can join this particular

‘organization of crirninalsin those respective cities,
I’ ' b

 “To do that, you must agree upon a password ,with
I the chief so that if either of you are arrested or getinto
‘_:roub1e'of any kind, you can make yourselves known or
i can call for assistance at any time that you require it.

.~“Now, I don’t think that either of you require] any
furtherVi’nstructions.’’ ‘ I I I
V f.‘I-Iow about reporting back to you?” asked Chick.

._ “I” don’t_Vwant any reports made back to me unless
there is something_.deﬁnite to say, and by that I mean

f_,that unless you have discovered something of enough im-
e ‘portance

so that :you think I ought to know. it without

delay.” 7 * v ' -M V  J A _
“And in that case ?”asked Patsy. * » p .

“In that caseyouiare to get your message to me a
best you’ can, only being assured‘ that it does not be-
come known to a third party. ‘You seefmyf lads, there
isjno doubt at all that the Criminal Trust has a very

thorough spy system. I wouldn’t like you, for; instance, :
totrupst to telephones, telegrams, or, least of) all letters..

If either of you are suspected to be other than what

you "repiresent yourselves to be, ‘you will be watched yery"

closely and in any case, in working..your "way into the

Criminal Trust in order to become a=member. of it, you
will be“watched and spied upon in'eve_ry move you make2— .

iievery word youutter, in,.every/letter you write, tele-9
gram ‘you 'send' or ‘telephonic message you iattemptyto
deliver; ‘and so, in ‘casting you adrift as I do, I'am

‘putting you upon yourfown resources‘ entirely. If there

‘any communication that'_you'must make to me, come
“l_3i:$_this‘“hbAuse with. it, no.’matt_erf‘how far‘ you have to
 el to ‘do so’, or at,least- ‘send son1e=one with the

essage whom you know alpsolut'ely;thattrust.”

T el twoassistants bowed their acquiescehce £to,this . ‘ I pl , _ _  H   1. 3
i ‘  "  ,1»    ‘»,«‘that-perhgapsvyou arevgivmgegthem Cfﬁdltrfd
5..tlio_rough‘organization E’l’.' ' ’ ‘ A ~‘~

mrhand,‘ antlconteinued: 3  V  ., ._. ..
 ‘T a.Id,-‘nig‘erbﬁ__s» thing to accomplish you two
do airing: now.’ If you succeed in workingpyour
._ nto the inembérshiploflthis orga”nization,= it will not
ﬁﬂice  not  'found/out for ‘what ybu’.ar'e,

you ‘must 'so‘conduct yourselves that you will -be _i
‘ like those ;in. charge, of the‘ 
 . ‘V I  ‘ f‘s;lﬁdfW0*‘ith¥‘

' ‘sus,p,1',c1ion.—V

t‘i'i.ei," . .. , _.
nten ﬁhey suspect .7 ..
h, t perrnittepd 5 to . askf qu ’

h'a'n- you 'have.”’ ; ii»
strike'ydu_1 as ‘*ratlr€r‘
i it ‘_ran#ei‘fj  

~NEw—';1§iIcK¥iC{A1§TE1i"WEEKIX. I is I‘ 

‘is already perfected .in the four citiesyourefer to 1
is gradually spreading out to, other loca1ities._= .T_he ,

incidence in the matter of the letters exists_merelyHirf1f
the fact that each of the four cities discovered at the)
same time that they were becoming engulfed .in_ a wajve:3

of crime.” , I . I
. “Are you going to do your part of thework here it,
‘ New York?” asked Chick. A r » '
,‘‘I don’t know; probably I will.
about me here pretty thoroughly; but I am as likely, to‘»
show up in Philadelphia or Boston as to remain here, " V
cannot foresee now what I will do.” . .._ _ 4’
“What about the Chicago letter?” asked Patsy. _“Who‘
is going there?” _ V I I i i I :  K
_ “I haven’t decided yet what I will do about that. g
, Ten-Ichi were here I would, ofcourse, send him} but
is taking his vacation at home in Japan, vaslyou‘ know
and, is not likely to retxurri at all. I have thought‘ ofr’C.on
nor in Washington,‘ but-it is doubtful if he could getllea-‘
of absence from the secretservice long enough-togihelﬁ
‘me out, so I will decide about the Chicago: em:-1-Io,
later.” M _ I '  V " f ‘
.“Is that all that
ter‘?”_askfed Chick. \ M _ _
p “Yes; only that I want you.to be careful’lio‘ A
i_st.a_rt out on these assignments. If the spy ,sy‘sten'1'i:i
\ Criminal [Trust is as complete asI'imagine‘1"it t be,_
‘leaders of it already know that the commissionenha 
here to see me this morning andvtheir local jleaders
Chicago, Philadelphia‘,'- and Boston are racquaint cl,

you care to _say to us aboutfitheilfna

A"/the-fact that :letters7_have'.been sent ‘tome Lire _

those places, evetnif they do.inot.kn‘ow tlxevco 61113
them.” 3 I ‘  . I
 _',‘f‘Don’t‘you think, chief,” asked Patsy, .

I “N o, Patsy, I do not.‘ There two  

- ealwaysbear in mind ,whe_n—fy6u‘sare_'upl,aga ‘stia 1-.

_'sition of:.thisf~ki1jIdi:’:f:.  C. ._ V  .

Patsy nodded waited I . , V

‘ _.'‘‘‘''.()n,e,  that whéh_ crirninai is smartl
_ into a"<,mi§tter- ,likefthis.»o'r1ei{and' to creat 

 sti‘¢ii‘a'»%« We» désrﬁ this ‘to be» he issalso W‘
9 notto begin’aotive operations until heiisr '

iroqgﬁfii

.p'a’red>‘to Tdo‘_vso:;:a:.‘good general plans his 1 e. "ii

At ,least, I will 11.51.

 NEW; NICK CAItTER1’.i\7VlEEiKLY.* ,

$031,’? "said Patsy. “Don't you think it‘ would be well for
me to wear a disguise?” ‘ V

,‘;‘I; think it would be well foryou to appear therein
disguise, but I would like you to ﬁnd a way to adopt it
while‘ youareion the journey there. pVVhether or not
youiarei likely to be followed from here——and I do not
_t_hitik_i’_t is /1ik_ely——I want you to act on the assumption
th 1; you will be and to cover your tracks exactly as if

bu knew there were two or three of the best shadows
in the country following you.” -
' “All, right,” said Patsy. “Now I understand you and
nowil know what to do.”- I

“But,” said Chick, “inasmuch_ as I_ am to represent

.  I suppose you’d like me to go openly.”

“Yes,iChvicl<', I want you to have Danny drive you to

i_t:l*ieviferry in the automobile andiito make your entire
ptrip to Philadelphia in the open. I want you to go and
7'see. the director of public safety as Nick Carteriand to

’isend.'yo,ur‘card up to him as Nick Carter.”,

i_“But won’t every crook in Philadelphia know then or
pose then that Nick Carter is there 2”,’ ‘

 Yes, Chick, and I want them to keep ‘on supposing
50. ofia time, although when ‘you leave the director of

p_uhlic.safety you can disappear for a time if you think

, ise;‘as I have already told you, you must act on
our own responsibility entirely.” ' 7' ,
But your idea is, isn’t it,» that you wantthecrooks
:1 New York to think that Nick Carter has gone to

:0‘

I ,

e‘so,that they willhave’ no doubt of»i~t ?”
“That_’_s "the idea.’-’ ' '- Z .
And’ that. will leave youwith a comparatively free
ﬁ¢l~,here?’’ , I  i by I
i  is about the way  ﬁgureit out.” , A
e detective assisted Chick in his preparations and

 If put a, few additional touches to the first, a_ssist—'

S, make-up when he was ready to depart. Patsy‘, in
tjneantime, had packed his grip and gone, Ebutiti was
ntil, two o’clock in the afternoon that.Danny,took

,  A way. in the automob/ile———Chicl<, who so ‘closely-
sérhbled Nick that not one of his intimate acquaint!
££Ii€es"‘would have known the difference had they en-‘

’rmter_ed him on the street or even talked with him;

:1 Joseph» followed him out to the curb, for a last wordii
I e ': the ‘ departure, while Nick, inside the house,

Ieclj ysrnilinigly through the curtains at them.‘
But‘-‘as "soon as Chick wasgone from the house, Nick
evpairedfzto his study and called Joseph to him.» 

‘ qseph,” he said, “how would you like ‘a vaca.'=tion?” : I g _ V A
7 he ‘passed into the library _and took down Va"favolr'ite

cation, ,sir?’,:’ asked thepsurprised Joseph. A
,_,  ' urn going.‘ tougive, you leave; of absence,‘ =:_I’ve
" A _lfiat_'Vper:h I

e it ‘so plain that he has

sey,-"and Iﬁnigoing toilet you go ‘over there]  r
till I send for you. How_ would that su;itjyou'?f’  I’
“It would be very pleasant,', Mr. Carter.’,’ _ I
“I only make one condition, Joseph; upon ‘giving 1.;
this vacation, and that is this 1” ' I M _  _
“Yes, sir.” 5 ‘ «  i
“I am going to change‘ your appearance so that  A
favorite cousin over there won’t know you when lies ‘:5
you, and I want you to continue to wear the clisgu, cf‘

shall supply you with until I give you perniissioﬁ to

drop ‘it?’

.“Oh, yes, sir; I can do that,” replied the JO-.

seph, for he was always eagerto help the detective’,
“And in the meantime,” pursued,Nick, “therégwi be

I another Joseph here in your place.” 

V “Another Joseph here, sir? .Do iyouimeanythat 
not to return?” 

“Oh, no; not that. You are to return when I  
for you. But, Joseph, it has become ;very _necessaryg,that.>

I should adopt a disguise that I have never: assume
before, and so for a little time Iam going to becoineni
own valet. When you have left the house, Josephrwill ,7
here still on duty, but I willbc Joseph, not you_l” I

.,r

/
——‘.————-s

CHAPTER IV;
A Mysraiuous CLIENT. , if

The conversation that the detective had with his -I lei
Joseph,«as recorded‘ atthe close“ of the last chapter; “
recited here only toimakei the reader cognizant o ..
least one planthat theivdetective had in mind in sea ,
Chick away disguised as he was to represent Nick ai‘
.;ter. . i ‘ ' - .   »
I ' And now, when Joseph hadltaken his depanure,‘ 
up to represent a man of twice l1i'si‘ag'e~ar,rd ‘‘«with‘“n_ ':
at alllleft to him that resembled the Joseph weikn
N ick consumed the better part of an‘ hour in transfer
ing himself into alrepresentatiogn of~'Jo‘seph that.
perfect that ‘he smiled with satisfaction when he
frontedihirnself inlthe“ m‘irr5r.' = ‘ ‘ ’ ‘ 

For of course he had all of ‘Joseph’s wardro

I upon and hisconstant association—wi_th the man  I the

him so perfectly familiar ,with~ all of Joseph’s man es-
and peculi'arities' that ‘there’ was nothing ,Ieftfto’, _
agination in Nick Carter’s renditionof the part. ,. i
It was well along toward {our o’clockv,.in,: th‘_ V
noon by the time the detective had completed in‘

‘preliminaries, andinasmueh‘ asihevhad note plan ti
I yond that point, and as yet had noliidea of what, his ,

ments would be while he was clad in,‘t_'he guise of” as

to enjoy, some reading’ wlﬁelc

  

 conversation with the commissioner, was that the Crim-
j._ inal Trust, inpreparing itself for the epidemic of crime
 it" was to inaugurate, had assuredly not neglected to
i  place one or more spies upon the movements of Nick
Jr .1, Carter himself. V K '
J‘ In assigning their spies to their several duties; in ﬁll-
 ing the police courts and station-houses and headquar-
 ters with t_hem;‘in placing individual spies upon certain
V official detectives who were connected directly with the
departments, it would not be likely that a man such as
J the Chief of the Crooks must be, would neglect Nick Car-
 ter, and the detective had no doubt that he had been him-
self ‘under spionage for a long time, perhaps during the
three months they ﬁguredthat the Criminal Trust had
. been in operation. _ j 
It is no reﬂection upon Nick Carter that he had not
been made positively aware of such a condition, for
it was rarelyithat he looked after or’ suspected the ex-
iistence of spies or shadows save when he was engaged
' upon some speciﬁc case where itwould be to the interest
of some person or some group of persons to know about
his movements. . C .
V ‘But he recalled now several instances in the past few
veelcs when it had occurredito him vaguely that he had
noticed one person or another often“ enough in his vi-

 

 

  

  
    
  

   
 

had been no good reason to do so. Now, however, he
mind. Heﬁgured as he sat there with the open book
V n" his knee,’ at which, by the way, he had not glanced
i'.at‘3 all, that in sending Chick away to Efliiladelphia disr
‘pulsed as ‘himself he had
ight be watchingghim. A V A V
They of course were quite familiar with his adeptness
aticiisguises and would look upon any movevthat he or
his assistants might make with more nor less suspicion,
rle endent upon’ the circumstances byswhich it was sur-
ounded. 2 -.  T "7 M V ,
In the case of Chick, he hadino doﬁht, they would at-
mpt to verify his identity withiNiek7,Carter.in-person;
nd, totaccomplish that, one or more men would‘ be sent
9,} Chii;k’s trail to Philadelphia. — J t

   
  

   
   
  
   
  

   

   

  

.I?atsy.,.and if the Criminal Trust was asactive as Nick
believed it to be, Patsy would also have been ‘followed

‘ Boston- V . i i
J gain, these men had doubtless witnessed the going

   
   

  

takenl the ll-Ioboken. ‘ferry on leaving New‘. York.
course if representatives of the,Crirninal'Tru's't were
suﬁicient abundance in the neighborhood‘ ofwthe de-

    
   
    
  

h
:21‘ disguise‘.

.‘_2« /1.

 

cinity to suggest the idea that he was a spy, but "Nick
had paid no attention to these incidents because there ,

jhese same spies might have seen the departureof.

"iv'e’s, housie, Josephh;would&,also.have been followed,
 ’ would have «regarded that,§"old;mai1.v;as~ being, 
foras yet}, viewed from ‘the’ ‘outside,’

i- NEW .1\'lZlCK CARTER WEEKLY";

"recalled them as bearing out the theory that he had‘ in i

only partly misled those who

‘am ‘of Joseph, disguisedpas he‘ was as an old man, who‘
5.’.

   
  

among the ﬂowers, apparently with no greater object

glass on the outside and heard the ring of the bell’
announce that some one was there demanding admittance. V

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

 

<9

Chick remained the only onewho was not accounted for
—if they believed that Nick Carter had gone. Inithep.
character of Joseph, Nick realized that he would notiibe
able to do much detective-work or that he could not.
do it without betraying himself, since Joseph was 
one member of the family who never went out on cases, _i
to assist his master and whose talents were comprehended ’
more in his wise silence and perfect trtistworthiness t
than in any quality of initiative he had been knownto?
take. ‘ 

But the spies outside the house—-if there were spies-L 
would, from their standpoint, have seen first the depar-
ture of Patsy, then of Nick Carter, then of a third“in-_
dividual whom they could not recognize and whom they i
would naturally suppose to be the other assistant. They?
would follow Patsyht/0 Boston, the supposed Nick Car.-1. 
ter to Philadelphia,land the third man would.eventually' i
take them to a little country town in New Jersey, where‘
he would sit upon the piazza or walk around the grounds

   
 

  
    

     
       
       
  

   
     
 

  

inlife than killing time.

  
 

“No,” the detective murmured to himself, “if the’Crir'r1‘-
inal Trust does exist; if it is founded and holds good on ‘
the principles or rather the lack of them that I suspect,
if spies in the interest of that syndicate of crooksihaive
beeni surrounding my house, one or more of thempare still?-
in the ‘neighborhood. There isn’t any doubt whatever
that they are entirely sfamiliarwithi the 'personal of my
household, and they know that Joseph only should remain
here now. I think it would be a good‘ idea for Arne. '
show myself on the door-step.” A . , . - 

‘He left his chair and started for the door, bhtf l‘le’was
only half-way to it when he saw a shadow throughvt

     
  
  

   
      
   
    
     
      
  
  

  

   
    
    

He waited a moment in order‘ to be in conformity,
Jos'eph’s leisurely habits, and then passed to the door ﬁnd p
opened it, discovering a tall, elegantly dressed man,  '"
stepped’ forward as the door opened and inquired -;in,a
rich and musical voic/e: . , _ V 7-; i ~
“Is Mr.'Carte'r at home?” M . J  
_“No,” replied Nick in his character of .Jo_Seph,
Carter is not at home to anybody to-day P” '
“Ah,;indeed.“ Has he left town?" ~ , V J
“Really, sir, I could not answer that ‘question
pliedvNick in “Josephs most forbiddingland dlghiﬁ
manner. vHe had stepped backward a-little and ‘t
the door Jwide ajar and now the stranger movediforward
and passed into the hall. "   J *
“Perhaps, then, you will. take my card to one ofh
assistants}? he said, and he produced one from \a“
morocco case that he took from his waistcoat 
AF. Niclgreceived, the card ,in“Josepl;1fs rno st_,aust‘ere~
nefiand, having deposited it on» a‘ .ti~ayr that;‘wa’s a ,

  
    
   
   
       
     
  

      
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
 

‘ door ‘answer . s

 .‘Not. one’ of the',assis.ta1‘1ts is! at home either. Ivw’ill,}

,owever,»‘_see»tha't? Mr. Carter gets your card when he re-"
't‘nrhs.”- ' ‘ I ‘ ' "

"-What!” ex'c1aimed»the caller. l“Is\Chick away, also?”
‘Yies,--sjir. ~Mr. Chickering is not at home.”
7jPerhapsf you can tell me wherehe has gone ?”.,:_'_‘
“No, sir; I could not give you that information. He
~hot'at home.” . . I  I 'v ' I ‘ - '
"ml Patsy? .Where is he.?”’ A
“Patsy is not at home.” M .
‘We1l,..there doesn’t seem to be
.3 the case, my good man ?” , .
am here, sir, and the housekeeper is here and the
ther servants are.~here;”l ~ I ‘ \ »

anybody’ at horne. 4 Is

rcagyou tell me when Mr. Carter or whenioine of his I

vs tants will—ret1_1_rn‘?” . .

N_e;‘isi‘r, .I"haven«’t any ideag” , ‘e I - I I I
‘They.don«’t leaveyou ,_ very ; well stocked with infore
I on concerning their movements, do they?” I

they‘did' so, sir, it wouldinot be imykluty to. impart 

'ooth‘ers.”‘ » ' ' ’ 
i .e'ry_.jgqod1 ‘(Very good!-
'4 y . ,What might your name be?” 4
. 1- called Josep  I . V ' 
 .Ji,oseph,lehE"’ " I _ I ;~  4’ A
Clflle ystrangger liostentatiously ‘thrust "a » hand‘ deep ‘into
76$’ 11's’: pockets, tromjwhich he drew forth a ‘roll of
ﬁlls a’, big aisihisyﬁst and having detached one from the
 e of;it—.¥-itlwas alﬁve-dollar biI1——he folded it twice I
hwisf and ther1_"extend’ed’~it.tov/ard the ;supposed;

illjy ttaccept a small evidence of :
you ‘Iios_eph'_?”_he‘,si1id, witha genial-symile, “anduat
ettime’ permit me »to{*rest_,myselt' hejre.__for ‘ a’

, ’»  7’

’Poni.n‘1y word you are: a _, .

I V .,“Don’t you think jthatfifi I7J-were’-to .
._you that was «of considerable_ }irnportance'.ythaf <pu*c‘t;$
, restate itto “your master ,-when h€_1jetl1tnS1?”~

heeould have come -inlby the ihaseinerit i’y

knowledge, ifehe were outside andswishedre  so
 means, I suppose‘,,” exclaimed" the istraixg
with fyanother laugh, “that'you"don’t proposefth 
.any information whatever about him’ ort>_an"y’ if
sistants.”Y “I A A  ,  ‘ _ ,
 “Yes, sir; if.you chooseto take it so.” = r  
I “You have been .in Mr; Carter’s employ for ‘alien
time,.'haven’t you,"}osepl1?”',i I I V I 7 I I
“Yes, sir; a vnumberiofi S"e’ars.””    I ‘-  -
“He’s a great detective, i_sn’t he, Joseph?” ‘Z  I
“I suppose that is the general, opinion.” ._
in “He’s always very good :-to you, I suppose ?§’.’ 
“I am quite sure that he‘i’nt'enc,ls« to be so; ;Vsi1¥.y~” A.
j“Does that mean thathe, _doesn’t always succeed
,“It would ;be very unbecoming of_r'ne‘.to,ntake‘-

.f‘, ..

A such assertion as that”,  . .

“Joseph, you 'are eertainly be‘yond‘ reproach
not often thataman acquires su‘ch,,;a‘siiaithfu
as your are, who not eonlyrefuses a substantial ti
declines to give anyiriformation -whatever about
tinastez-,1 but Whoiﬂwill Vnotyfi even admit" that her

\_,

times when that master becomesdinpatient arid :1

_e :‘f;,1l,,or,perhaps“ severe; Joseph, have~yo’u”any’_ detetztii
qualities about ’yoju?f’ T’,   gr’ ‘   “

“I am afraid ‘not,’ sir.”  I   
stateia ea

, “I could I do that; yes,‘

' .'*“D‘o you think-éréi céinpet at to spy  taxi
: vice yc‘rurself"'on' a Subjeg:1_;' of. that ‘
‘.‘No, sir.’?ﬂ ;;=lT  ' ‘

"ind *?-”

se«we1‘1.,e then; it’ w‘o_a1{ii1;§“f£o113gTV§:t taking

~ _ I ~ v s "  ' r_ “ 3,  V ‘ 2 'ar.t‘d.r'rny oV?vn,L.to='reCite the case ;toeyou,“would'n
y‘festt3.Tld_W€1€OI1'1e,jS11‘3i,,,II‘ep11Ed the ,detect,- a ' ‘ I

jtmg_ the aiizof fr-iigidity matg belonged ¢.xc1u—_ ‘fl my ywhen. he,remrn§_

v;“‘Yes,'~sirl;‘ uiiless you"lwished;1h:e to rélat it
gges "dz:

‘  ; “On; secdﬁd I .thoufght,.

’ fkiht, ‘JoSsph;;i. Yet SL4

hislssli?  I

#1s¢7;.:0f slimy {iv'vlaitin$  f-0

 W NICK CARTER \v'EE1<Lv.

‘ll would have to make the same reply to that ques-

T-lltion as to the other one.” s

The stranger left his chair and crossed the room to-

H , ward‘ the door, but” when he reached it, paused and
i turned; then he said:

“All right, Joseph. I will drop in to-morrow morn-

 ing, or perhaps some time this evening, if I happen to
bepassing this way.

In the meantirnesl will leave a
message which you may deliver to Nick Carter or to

Veither of his assistants, if one of them should happen to

return here.” ,
-“Yes, sir.’’- ‘
“You may give the one who returns first my card,

 and you may say that I have information to impart to

him or them concerning the organization and equip?
ment of a gang of criminals that now exists in this city.
You may say that it is information which I think he

3 would very much like to obtain, and, Joseph, if you
have any means of communicating with your masteror
4 one-of his assistants, you may send that message so that‘
, one of them will meet me here when I call.”

a “Will you call this evening» or in the morning, sir?”
, .“I will call to-night at ten o’clock.” H

_.'_..___.,

CHAPTER .V.
.. _ THE rsN—o’cLocK vrsrron. '
f_.,The supposed Joseph bowed the stranger to the door

. "and through it, but as soon as Nick Carter stood alone
'with the door closed between him and the street, he

_, uckled audibly, while he told himself.‘

J “There, without doubt, is one of the members of the
Criminal Trust, and unlehsl am greatly mistaken, one
who is in authority. The ‘visit of the commissioner to
in "this morning and the writing of the letters from the
Jtferent cities to me, about which they have been in-
fo "ed by telegraph, has focused theirattention upon

,e‘ for the time being, _and_,now they wish to know ex-‘

aetly, what .I and “ my assistants ,are doing.7 I’d give a
“ _od deal. if I had some 'one.here whom I could send

to shadow thatman, although Ldoubt very much if by

anyvbne, not excepting myself, could do it successfully.
He would nothave ventured to come here unless he

‘already arranged" at method totthrow "anytonel off the

ck who might, follow him from’ thisphouse. How-
er,, 1; think I’ll give them something Itgndo, and I’ll get

littleamusement out of it, if nothing else, for the rest. '

J!’ .

its ethyey afternoon.’

ll rang the bell for ‘the liousekeeper,‘ and when she

geared said to her: .. , ,
“Mrs Peters, I am obliged to go out this afternoon

the chain up at the door and not open it to admit any “
one until I return, and you‘ will say to any one who calls 3

that there is nobody at home and you do not know when

‘anybody will be at home.”

Ten minutes later he was in the street strolli _l' slowly

down'the avenue and with every sense on the alert to
detect any effort that was made to follow him.
this -point in view, he made, several turns, and it was '
not long before he became convinced that two men were»
alternating with each other in pursuit of him. H T,
The card which the stranger had left with the man he

supposed to be Joseph had engraved upon it the name:

“Mr. Algernon John Hogarth,” a high-sounding nhme

that was quite in keeping with the man‘ himself.

But, all the same, the detective had no doubt that

Mr. Algernon John Hogarth possessed many names

which he made use of as occasion might require and  ,7

that even now he was directing the pursuit of the; sup-

posed valet with the idea that Joseph had gone out‘-towl

convey a message——the message he had left———to his mas:
ter or to one of Nick. Carter’s‘ assistants. ' T

As soon was the detectivewas thoroughly convinced
that he was shadowed, he made directly for the Hotel

« Mammoth, ‘where he passed in at one door and out’ at

another upon a different street; and then coolly walked
around and entered again at the door he had ‘used th.
first time. Then he stopped and waited a View im0¥
ments until he was sure that at least one of the me

in was watching him, whereupon he went deliberately to

the telephone-exchange of the hotel and ’askéd‘for‘t_he
number which was the detective’s call. He knewgdthat
Mrs. Peters would respond to it, and a moment lat

he was seated in the booth talking to her.

Again he imitated Joseph’s voice, and merely‘

formed her over the wirethat he had called her ‘up;
simply as a blind because two. men had followed‘ him?
since he left the house, and he wished them to discover‘

thatl'7/he had communicated back with it by telephone.
That done, he hung up the receiver and left the ‘hote
noticing, witha smile, thatpnot only one bu't,both oi; 

men who had beenshadowing him were standing av tides
apartgnot faraway, waiting for himito leave} the booth.‘

He ‘walked deliberately out of the hotel‘ and took“-h,
way direE_tly.back to the de'tective’s residence, notiﬁ 
now that only one of the men followed him, and, 
‘fore, surmising, as was indeed the case, that thelothe

“one was: using the opportunityto talk with the girl 

charge of the exchange in order lirstlto ﬁndlout

number Joseph had called up, and next the llocfauon 0

that number. s . It can be readily seen that ithefdetecti,
plan was rather a deep one, for he wishedt 

man who had called upon ‘him, if indeed he“ as  A
these tworshadgows, the idea _l:ha',t.‘N1'Ck.- ‘aster r
.of’his two assistants?‘ was st_ill,inathe' ho se

f .‘ ' ,.

m'—b¢1i¢?“ if.‘ at t’ ti;

With. '

   
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
 

and telephoned back to it merely as a blind to deceive
anybody who might be watching. ,,
 “When they ﬁnd out that Joseph went to the Hotel’
I Mammoth merely to telephone back to the house he had
. just left,” he mused, “they won’t know quite what to
think of it, but I think my object is attained in con-
. veying the notion to the fellow who calls himself Ho-
garth, that Chick, the first assistant, is still in the house.
Anyhow, Chick will be there to meet him when he calls
to-night.” 4
The detective did not wish to make any move in the
I matter of prosecuting the case in hand ‘until he had given
Chick and Patsy each time enough to arrive at those
respective destinations, and to begin operations at those
points, and so, when he returned to the house, he deter- '
=mined to remain there until after the departure of the
caller whom he expected at ten that evening, and in
. anticipation of that event he repaire_d to his study, and,
 having divested himself of his disguise as Joseph, he
redisguised himself as rapidly and as perfectly as possi-
ble as Chick. ,

For the reader must know, if he doesn’t already know
it, that while Nick Carter and his ﬁrst assistant did not
resemble each other enough so they could be said to

look alike, they are so nearly similar in physique, and
their long intercourse with each other has made them
so nearly the same in method and manner, that it is
never diiﬁcult for one to make up to represent the other;
. and, furthermore, they have often practised this decep-
tion between them, and many is the time when Chick
./has gone out in. the guise of Nick, and vice versa.
«Therefore, whenat the stroke of ten o’cl_ock that night
it the door-bell rang, the man who stood upon the thresh-
\,Old when Nick opened the door believed that Without
any doubt he was confronted by the ﬁrst assistant, or
'_must have believed so, if he was at all familiar with
Chickering: Carter’s personality.

“Mr. I-Iogarth, I believe,” said Chick, stepping back
I so that the man could enter. “I was expecting you to
call, sir.” ' _ , J
, “Yes,” said the man, passing into the house and ‘head- «-
jing directly for the library, where he had been shown
«earlier in the day; “I left such a message with Joseph,
who said you, were away at he time. I thought my
message would bring one of you back here, by the sound
r of it.” » J
_ “Itwas rather an odd message,” said Nick. “I have
been wondering since if it were not a hoax.” ‘

“Not at all,” said Hogarth. “I was never more in
earnest in my lif .” C
Li “The message,” said ‘Nick, “if I can quote it cor.-
rectly, was to the effect that you knew something about
4 an organized gang of_crooks existing in this city, and
' {that you desired to impart the information to Nick Car-
i~teri;or. to one of his assistants.”

   
 

  

   

    

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.’

I of them.”

   

   

x

 

“That’s the idea precisely.” ' v . I

“Well, sir, ‘do you wish to give me that informa-
tion ?” *

“If you are Mr. Chickering Carter, as I suppose
to be, I do.”

“Very well; go ahead.”

“Are you Nick Carter’s ﬁrst assistant, Chick?”

“As you said just now, I am supposed to be.”

“Won’t you answer me deﬁnitely ?” ,_

“I think that is quite deﬁnite enough for the pur-
pose.” , - i ’
A “Pardon me, but it isn’t.”

“No? Why, not?” . -' '

“Well, I happen to know something about Nick Car- _
ter and his capabilities; for example, when I came here A - —
this afternoon the man who opened the door for me, a
who brought me into this room, and who talked to me I ,
here, told me that his name was Joseph, and that he. 
‘was Nick Carter’s valet, but, all the same, I know that ‘
Nick Carter is quite capable of having been that valet A
himself. Now, when I arrived a moment ago, you ‘ap-
pear at the door, and you look very much like a young
man who has been pointed out~to me as Nick Carter’s .
ﬁrst assistant, Chick, but I know enough about him to "I
realize that you may be Nick Carter, and not Chick at
all.” - ‘ _ ‘ ~ Q

“Of course,” said Nick, smiling, “you cannot hold me’,
responsible for all the wild- theories you may entertai’n.i
I am ‘here in the capacity of Mr. Carter’s ﬁrst assistant.
If you have any information to impart to me I am ready
to receive it. If you have no information to give me
and no business with me, I must remind you that my
time is too valuable to be employedlin useless discus-
sions.” » I i

you . I 

I

 
       
       
       
   
       
      
    
       
     
    
     
 
 

The stranger lau/ghed the same pleasant laugh that
he had used in the afternoon, and, with a shrugmof his.
shoulders, replied: I ‘C

    
       
 

I “It is a useless discussion, to..be sure, and, aside from
my own personal curiosity on the point, it makes no Clif-
ference to me whether you are Nick Carter or Chic1<.”r t
“Then, if you will proceed, sir.” ~
-“Oh, I’ll do" so in a minute, I told 'J,0s.eph to tell you
that I had some information about a syndicate of crooks,
ora gang of crooks.” I , ', it
“Yes.” . , I I
‘fl wonder if you have noticedithe unusual number _[:>£
crimes that have been committed in and about the city,
of late. I wonder if Nick, Carter has taken any notice

 
       
  

    
     
     
      
 
 

    
    
 
 

“I think we are aware of the conditions, if thatiisi
what you mean,” replied Nick. 

“I wonder if it has occurred to you or to him 
those crimes are the workof an organized gang?’ 
“The idea has been suggested to us; yes.’,’

“By whorh}. B}: the p_o.1ir;e3”' I

  
     
     

K

./I

 
 

 it is difticu'lt to say, where. suchsuggestions “come
from always, butw'el'have*receiveid thatisuggestion, and
now I will be glad to hear anything‘ that you may know
abb.ut‘"it in,_pursuit of the idea.”

toward the detective, while with an entire change of
A I annér hesaid in a low tone whichlwas meant to carry
conviction with it: p ’
V “Such an organized gang does exist, Chick, if you
,w'1;__,let me sci address you. It iscontrolled by the
‘gr atest and smartest criminal in this country, if not in

the world. He is a man who is “a great organizer, and

’Q’ stops at nothing to obtain hisends; He isa man
xhout conscience and without heart,’ a man without

V ty and without remorse; 3. man who loves cruelty for
  sake, A and who delights- in crime, justﬂas a
hyper delights in drink.‘ ~ He is_- a man who islbeyond the
‘led of human consideration‘, and is lower than“ the
  every way save the one of intellect, and the is
greatly endowed as any man intheworld in that par—

vciilar. He has a lmanialfor pr_eyin‘g'supo'n_others. VI-Ie I

human7devi1,?i:E ever, there was one, Chicl_<.”) I
T on describe a very repulsive» individual,” was the
I ,eply;l._“but what you say iellsyrne inothinigicon-,.
_g the organization.” I ' .
‘The man is the organization.

title him, and who compose thetgang? 'are“fme_1‘e marion—'

We with, impunity; at his —;command;”i_

cl, do you know where: fcaniﬁndi tli

whotbow and ‘smirk. at his will, at who-ki1l'and dies-V

rihgleadersqof it?

the. _

5 hwitrlsesselslpysuﬂicientﬂtdl em
' y onepf the 'crimes,he__;h   _ ' p ,
oziamunity ’ W}? . be freed ‘ from . His depredation;s.3f’,' , «

, hi manwlso .¢anrd¢ an»

t,the; ,yoju /men-L

I Hogarth hitched his chair forward a little and ‘leaned it

Wiassistance éand eﬁortsf? _ . . ,

.Th_emen who work‘, , H V i V
Clabout the information you are hereto givehie. .

M is rnanPf’5‘asked~
 _ ‘Have you come here to ‘give me information
ivilllimake it possibleyforfjme to’ trace out this gang,
.£er. to; ﬁndlvtfwhere its headquarters,ar.e,V and ar‘- 3

; Ate ydu prepared'\to supply‘
t:om:§1it«t[e_,d;,- :92 that



, lY0l.1- state no specific crime that this man andthis 5f V
‘ lowers havecommitted, and you leaveteverythinig up 
the air, while at the same time you say that you m,13IS1:_.
make conditions.” M M V " g . ’ ;
“They are not diﬁicult for you to agree to, Chick.” 

“That may be very true, but I wish you would ﬁat}

down to facts as quickly as possible.” » _ . 
“I want you to promise me, ﬁrst, that you will neve

in any way connect me with the information I give you, .-

and, second, that when you have succeeded in captur

ing this master criminal, who is at the head, and front:

of the gang I have mentioned, you will hold him in you
“power and ‘permit me to have a‘ private‘ interviewlvxt "
him before youlturn him over to justice.” I I '

The detective shook his head emphatically, * _ 
I I “Tofthe first one of your conditions I will "ag"re’e ve‘

readily,’? he said, “but, to the second one, I will say no." ,

.“Ws‘hy?” _ r e y A - _ . _ -,
“There is no reason why I should give you any .
son since ‘no argument you could advance would alter‘
my determination.” " : . I it I ”

‘_‘It isa very small thing to

interview with the man whom

ask that  be permitted; V
you captured 
“I don’t want your assistance, and I dontwant yo
efforts,‘Mr. Hogarth, and I:_doubt very much‘ if I]

 you pretend to have at hand to deliver.’’.v ‘ _,

“Doyyou mean ‘that you do not ,believe me 3’? .

; Nickshruigged his shoulders. ‘ 5 J   
“I believe, Mr.tHogarth,Vthat you are not what’

' represent yourself 'to.be., You come here, withja
and-bull storygjabout’ar1a.iorgaLni'zation, of ‘criminals 3
you’expect"me' :_to',t_believ_e.\ I think it rather an, fir ‘ ’ ’

‘—tol:r11Yintelligsnceﬁj , ' - I V  = ‘* ’

l

  .‘€Dem’t: yonrilieliéve that  ‘an organiaationi

it A“lS:,~uch‘i ai1,org‘anizatio;n_ may e>'ri_‘s,t,,', but, ‘I avert
1>r1.o’m£,:fés,£&:yet.’?    e 

_’ ‘I ”“lD‘idn’t yousay that  had  
zypyougn, at ‘  I  ,»::’  .

 New NICKO ‘ cAR'ia:’R= WEEKL.

‘foil,’ I» agree to that.” -

,“Well~, sir, there is an organization of criminals in this
town such as I have described. It is controlled by a
man whose picture I have tried to draw for you. It;
has its headquarters over on the Brooklyn shore of the

I bay, and in that part of the city or near it which is

called Bay Ridge. There is a warehouse down” there
’'where they meet almost nightly, and if you will convey
this information to Nick Carter and get him to make»
an appointment with me, I will meet him with you and

‘ -two or three others, if he TOOSCS to bring them along,
, any night you wish betwee

now and Sunday, and will
guide you to the place.” A

“That is very kind of you,” said Nick, with an ironical
smile, as if he did not believe one word that this man

that place of meeting. Ordinary methods are used at

‘ first to turnany unwelcome strangers aside, but if t

persist in approaching too near to the forbidden<groun;d,

they are dealt with harshly, and some of them disap.-.,-i.

pear most mysteriously.” . i r
“I see; rather awonderful organization, this, and how
comes it, sir, that you know all these passwoids and
-signs and tokens?” I , I y 
“I possess them because I have been initiatediinto the
order myself.” i ’ «' ‘N »
“Really; then you are one ‘of the gang ‘yourself; and
you have theeffrontery to come here and tell me of it
“One moment, if you please. I am one of the gang
because I was forced to join it. I went into it against
my will, and since that ti_me~I have been under suspf,

cion; there is not a moment, ofpthe day or night W 1;
my life is not in danger, and it isithat intolerable cejn;
dition which determined me to seekithe aid o'fNick Car-
ter in order todisrupt the band and so free me’ frorn‘
‘condition that "has become unendurabler”. I

fhad uttered. He knew, or thought he knew, at least,
that if hepshouldagree to any such arrangement, it would
,,i'on‘ly result in the laying of some trap by whichrthese
[men would seek to get Nick Carter in their power.
"However, he regarded the present statement made by

Hogarth as nothing more or less than a bluff to cover’

‘J up his real ‘purpose in calling at the house, which was to
«tnake himself aware, if possible‘, of what Nick Carter '

and his ‘assistants were doing. Doubtless he had thought

at by bringingup the subject of an organized gang

of criminals he would draw some information from’ the

,“All this is a very pretty story, Mr. Hogarth,
could quite believe it, but it sounds, if you will. permit
me to say so, rather) fishy. I think perhaps you 
be a candidate‘ for the pathological ward over at «B
vue, or that -you have been drawing too largelydoniyo‘
imagination; or, and this is the most likely of the t '

d_etective’s assistant, to whom he supposed he was talk—. ‘ that you are trying to play a joke an Nick Cartena:'

“I give you my word, sir, it is none of the three;
am in deadly earnest in what I tell’, you.” 1 _
“How comes .it, then, that'you are so well info
regarding this chief of the organization of c‘rooks?«’~'
“I am well informed because I have known, hirri _ ‘N
life. He is a relative of mine,“ although I ‘will not ‘Be
you just how we are related, but what I have told y
is the truth, and if you-desire to communicateiywith
about it, or if Nick ‘Carter should care to do so, I a
the Hotel Mammoth‘, and a letter sent to me there rha _
an appoin_tment_ to meet either of you will be receiiie- 
acted upon. I And now,  bid you good nigh,” .
' “One moment, ‘Mr. Hogarth, if you please. ’Yo)‘u' _
,“B;ecause." returned‘ the ‘man slowly, “it would be announiceiili-§°ur$e1f‘here tome as an iiivei.nieI§n».' i
necessary that I should accompany you,‘ in order to get an, °’ga‘.“Zed i»’and_ °f,°r°°1_<5 and, °?‘,mm15?; 
yd H_insi'de the Places» .  ‘V -.= ' think I would be Justiﬁed. in letting: 
‘* How is that?» . I giving me ‘this slender bit of information _. you,
’ ' vouchsafed? Don’t you think I am justified in pi

you under arrest and taking you to  pheadqua

,‘,‘,You”have not the necessary‘ passwords and signs.”
4 .‘And/passwords and signs arerequired, are . 5   _ _ 
' ' W  ’ The man shrugged his shoulders ‘and smiled as
‘plied slowly; , ' I ‘ ‘

.2“./’lLh‘l 7
they I-Iow ma'ny_?” I , - - . /
“If you think,  Chickering Carter,/that th I

ere are a good ‘many, and‘tlie peculiarity of  is it , ,
nenever knows where, he will be asked to give them. . p c _
be the best -method pf thanking,me for what 
tem' ted to do, I shall‘ otter no resistance”,-, "

these crooks have their pickets stationed ‘outside the '
_e' of meeting, and they move about intercepting any _ _ i L ,
homay approach too enelar to it. . A certain ues‘-y. “ h, you mayiegoff said Nick, “I was fo1;1.y_er
‘ « ” ‘ I ' I I 11* confess that It 7
take you  »

V iBi;t, thinking it not a badgidea to lead the man ion‘
far as he would go, Nick asked: ’ '
‘;‘Whydo you rexcept«Sund'ay night P.”

__‘{You say tthatithis place of meeting is over on the
Brooklyn shore at Bay Ridge?” I

“Yes.” ‘ ’

''if’I_‘hat it is a warehouse ?”

i‘,"‘ .hy,not“tel1.me about it now; where, it is located
‘iidfally about it, and leave me to ﬁnd the place myself i
0,; et Mr.’ Carter do so" at his own convenience?” ' '

for, a speciﬁeclva and if it» be no I ,?b1u.££.veiqribiu

 r

in hod down_tl1ereof gettigngilliniormation out of 

Jen asiyou are.” _ p .
7'The.; tall man rose to his full height, and his eyes

‘ showed something of the angerhe ; felt because of the

detcctivels cool insolence, for the readAer’must' have al-

'- ready realized that Nickwas trying his best‘ to make his

caller angry; but Hogarth kept himself well in hand, and

 was on-ly in thevdarkening of his eyes and thechange L

 the character of his smile‘ that Nickcould deduct that

/fhis words had had any effect upon hirn at all.‘

‘ “I- have every right to be offended,” said Hogarth A.
V coolly, slapping ‘one hand with his gloves that he held

invthe other one. “I came here‘ in good faith.ltol»i1npart
rtain informationf to your chief-i-information which I

thought he would be glad to receive-—and. in return I -

ceivenothing but insults fromeyou.”

, “You must take them as ‘you wyill,?’jreplied:Nick coolly‘-.
_; jCarter’s business‘is‘ not with criminals, but against
«em. ‘ He seeks no advice or assistance from them."

He never -employs or ‘makes use of j stool-pigeons, and
A at is :what you are if half of ywhattyouy have suggested

. .‘5Arnt7I to understand that you will not investigate the

Iii terFo£_ the warehouse ‘that I have described to you ?”
-«‘.Y;o,n, will understand that I will convey your message

 Carter, and that he will act as he? pleases about]

as for myseIf,ttIlhave nothing whatever-l’to do with v
n1ess»he commands it, and then. just as little aslpios-‘ . . l . . .  y

 ‘- " » — y ~  l l  ». v o * ciates should supposethat ,the detective could 

“winked; by any such palpable subterfuge as the  C

A had adopted ‘was beyond _-Nick Cartefstiunders ending.

.”..

..$hallV_rITegxpecti sonic message’ from you at the Mam-

, r -
. 1 -

‘_»‘I‘f'7Mr. aftéf tlesires,to: send-at itnessage to you at
t anirnoth;youfywillfprohalgly receive it€—~i£.yofu are f

‘  and took 

epsg toward‘ the door ' and  g
lposie I’ arlnyiat liberty to ’clepart'?"’ly ”_"’i'
 t*g=o tqo;{uick1y.’?

 .41.:

wzo men stood V facing?«“each’v lotherf ‘

of distance that‘ separated’ them‘, the

 thegitall inan-coldly de;.- ‘

‘you bett_ ,.-Mr; 1
1  V, '
r yenwh
ujare;
hi.

ispealc, because I have heard the threatyopienly-x=m e’
against him!” ‘ o » M 5

~ CHAPTER VII.
g ‘NICK CARTER CAPTURES A PRIZE.‘
The attitude that Hogarth had assumed and his}

tmeanor, throughout the interview that had cjulst 

place thoroughly puzzled the det=ectiye'.. Hgeldid.

._ doubt for a moment that the man was in ”sfom¢ ways,-,.

probably an authoritative one, associated with theiCr
inal Trust; and that he had a deﬁnite object other than‘

could appear even to the intelligence ‘of NickyCa;~'térV,

visiting that house axtid delivering‘ the warning it
had done, was evident; ‘ ‘ - F "V j _y  '_
Of course Nick placedno credence whatever "in the

‘story of .the warehouse used as yheadquartersllby the

érooks over  Brooklyn; ’He' saw in that propo V
of Hogarthls "merely a'clesir'e onihis part‘to leadthe de
tective and, his assistants into some trap whereby the

 be overpowered and ‘capturedfand aftetwar
pelledto conform to certain conditions §which’th_ y_
7 inals wouldniake whereby they could pursue thei pl

uhhampered by the activity of Nick Carte. an
 Thisgnd doubt was at 'part?"o_f ltheipolicy of the“Q"

”inal‘_Trust;j to getinto itspower men and olﬁ S .

might be amenable to it; but why Hogarth jor hi 3"-

It was half~past_ ten o’clock at night’ when H 

 NEW _— Nick‘ CARTER‘ WEEKLY, i

»wh'en.,l1e*had stated his suspicions about the identity of and he understood now what the signa1.o_f the

ttheffman who had left Nick Carter’s house.
..If_ Hogarth liad been sincere in voicing such suspi-

'lighted matches had portended. ,  l ’

But he did not. knowcit a1l,=‘jas events proved, for
cions and was now on the lookout, he would see the sup), when the *at’tackA was made and he was .surrounded.;.-so‘
.posed Joseph go upon the street and without doubt would suddenly, he could hear. above the noises the men _made‘~

follow him, either under the supposition that it was /the rumble of approaching wheels of another carria

‘Joseph 'l1’1:'pCI'.SOI1 or that it was one of the detectives
disguised asvjoseph. j A *

In any case, Nick knew that he‘ would be followed,-

land from that fact he hoped to draw forth some aggres-

7s‘ive*acttwhich would givehirn a clue to work upon.
When Nick descended the steps from the front door

to the street, _he could see the shadowy outlines of a man

ioniithe opposite, sidev--of it, whom‘ he had no doubt was
a spy, but this man, instead of taking the trail, as N ickj

had expected he would do’more or less openly, calmly

" turned in the direction opposite that which the detective

followed and walked away precisely as if the only idea he
‘had was in permitting the supposed, Joseph to take his
own course, unmolested. ‘ V

,‘ Nick stood still amoment and watched him. tHe saw
the man strike a match and light a cigar, doing it some-
what ostentatiously, the detective thought; a moment

jter, after he had traveled several paces farther on, he

lighted‘ at second match, as if he had not succeeded in
,_o aining a light for his cigar with the first one,_and
'’  farther on, after another moment, he went
through theisame operation at third time. -

""“Now, that is somesort’ of a signal,” mused the de-
tectif»Ie', stillﬂstanding almost motionless beside the curb
" ewe doors away from his own house.

ge pondered over the. idea for a moment, but at last’

sh lgged his-, shoulders and turned down the avenue at
abrisk ‘walk and had arrivedalmost at the next corner
n a closed carriage drove hastily around it and drew.

pguickly/’ati the curb within a few feet of where Nitk it

,,a2‘«t'e’r1_ was .a/pprolacliing it. Nick thought he knew now
whatfthesignal meant, He had seen just suchitricks
is one played before, and he was, therefore, not:

ilsed when the doors at each side of the carriage

er thrown open simultaneously and four men leaped

it, two onieither side, while‘ the ‘remaining two, ,

A had been on the driver’s seat, also leaped to the
G1}1rbV.and- ran toward him. It was a sudden, although
,tj“altog,ether unexpected, attack, and there were six

an/engaged‘ iniité--six rneh who ,had‘succeeded«-in get—, ~

ng o“c1osé to the detective that he‘ had no time to re-

t,"had he wished togdo so, andvery little opportunity
prepare any defense. _l  r t
{he carriage had driven up so close to where hefwas

ss'ng that with the stopping of it and his own ‘ad—«
“ ' J steps, only.a few yards separated them when‘ is

vane: _ _
a ack was made. ‘ ~

x men'ha'd,.planne_d_,their descent upon him so

that was driving toward him from an opposite direction,:.
and he had no doubt in that instant that the numberiof 7
his enemies would be perhaps doubled before hercould

hope to escape from them. ’ V .
The ﬁrst man who approachednnear enough to the

detective received the full force of the Little Giant’s‘ ;
fist in his face, and a. second and a third one were treated. V
to the same reception with the quickness of counting V

‘one'—-two-—three. The remainder of the attackingpar
succeeded in getting closer to the detective.
them threw himself upon; tliegrountl and .r'nanaged‘_to
seize Nick‘ by one of his legs; another whirled asand‘-'~

bag in the air, and the third rushed into a clinch, while

almost at the same moment the second carriage. thathad

been referred to came up and stopped, and four. mete
men joined the attack. _ . t V ' '_
Even Nick :Carter’s great strength could not have
contended successfullyagainst such long odds but f
the fact that his luck stood by him even in that supreme
moment. _ . , « N ’
It happened that they. were near a corner,‘ a"-ndg 1,,
at the instant of the second attack upon the detec
three big blue-coated policemen, who were on the i

to the -station-house together, ,appe.ar‘ed“suddenly= , , 

the scene. They were near enough to -see readily w" p
was going on, and they were also far enough away or
the men who were attacking thevdetective tor discov

them in time to escape; and  it followed that the a

tack was ‘lover almost as soon as it‘ was begun,'and
the men broke and ﬂed,“ one or-two of _ them tr "
through the street and the others leaping upon an
the carriages, while the horses were driven away. up
ously; ,   .  II V . 
._,One man alone was left behind; for Nick Car
grasp was upon him, and when the fortunate iixterfer
ence came,,-theldetective clung 1:6 him, realizing» tha."
the possession of that one man he heldythe jkey, to
his present ‘difficulties. ‘   ‘ As
It so happened that one of the three policem H
had appeared upon the scene so otpportunely waskn ,
by sight’ and name to Nick7Carter, andithe momeﬁ "
was close; enough, Nick leaned forward and fwh _' '
rapidlyrin his ear: V "V  N _   If N L 
' “Arrest us bothand takepusboth to the station pious
Don’t let any difference   way youitreat us a’
I am Nick Carterif’ J. '  A  ' t ,’ I-‘
The oﬂicer, ,wl1o prov"e.d_ ‘tofbe a sergeant,.n ’

k

 hate the "def ctiv,e fgiundhiniself;;suz%reunded,~:fv i’

One-"of 

   

that they might have been heard a block away, in which
I he made it known to any one who might belistening
that he would.not accept..any' explanations .of the ﬁght
.inqthe.’street, but insisted upon taking.both.men to the
station-house’ to let them explain to the lieutenant in
charge. - ' ’
The captain was at the station-house when they ar-
rived, and Nick soon sought an opportunity for a few
words with him, so that presently thetwo prisoners were

 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
 
   
    
   
    
        
     
   
      
    
         
    
      
      
   

where the door was locked after ‘.‘the boss” had given
anorder to the lieutenant at the desk that he was not to
 be distprbed under any circumstances until he came out
again. .

.. The fellow whom Nickhad captured was in outward
appearance atypical East Side tough. ‘He looked like
the pictures which artists sometimes draw for the pa-
/ ‘-pers to represent mob-men and burglars, and if Nick
had. searched the town over he could not have selected
7a better ‘subject for the experiment he had suddenly de-
cided to"make. ,_ I r e ‘ ,
."'I‘he man was a lantern-jawed, heavy-browed fellow,
with a shock of unkempt hair that was innocentof comb
and brusli; he had remained unshaven for at least two
days; and he had the savagely gleaming but furtive eyes

  

  

      

  

  

his repulsive‘ appearance, he was well, even «ﬂashily,
dressed; the clothes he wore were new andiﬁtted him
veryiwell indeed, and a huge diamond glistened in‘ his
1 irt-front, and there were others glowing from either
it cl. A flashy necktie wasﬂtied inpga bow around the
h collar, now mussed and rumpled by the none too
gentle hands of the detective, and a dinky derby hat which

  

  

  
  

on‘ one side of his‘ head that the brim of it seemed almost
to_‘rest*upon-I his ear. In short, he was the typical mob-
an who had made a big strike; who had clothed him-

  

  

arter could not have conceived anything better, for his
prpose.  x « _ I r _ I. I
1 e attitude, of the ‘detective while he stood there in
he‘."captain’s oﬁice coolly studying this man must have
een "exceedingly aggravating to the. object of‘ that scru-
I , for the iﬂashily dressed burglar became more and
oreuneasy, until finally he blurted out angrily: I

 
      
   

   

‘it ee hie. If it wasn’ that I am in the ofﬁce of a cap-
fn‘!‘Qf police, I’d smash’ your bloomin’ mug for-__you!’r’
ick laughed softly, and, without replying directly,
_d_t0 the captain andsaidzv ,1 p = ‘ 7

Wk have ‘drawn a prize, captain. If Ifhad searched

  
      
     
     
 
  

   

ah described—-whatij.,rI‘wanted as,*TthisVrinan.'7 I]
‘ I " ‘  tin.alittlelplanfthatlghavet

 

< r “  INICK‘ CARTER »-WEEKLY;

ordered to, follow the captain into his private oﬂice,’

“ i The burglar sank slowly upon a chair which was  ’

of the denizens of the underworld. ’ Notwithstanding"

had been severely dented in the melee was set so jauntily.

ﬁe , accordingly; whose pockets were linediiwith money,

‘d who was undoubtedly out for a good time, and Nick " button there and the doommn Wm ansvweiriyouxi arid the I

a he drew a second chair forwardvwithin a few feet of 
e and seated himself there, facing the n1'an;.then,/’witho.ut

“‘ ll mister, I hope that you’ll know me‘ next time;
"miration- .

 face, “if I could do that trick the way" you do 'it‘Ifd
‘r.7oWh" the world;”' ‘ ~ i ’ “  ‘-A

th‘ whole city I’ c6uldn’t have founde~I.iij:d,b,ubt if I7

 dock p‘f_soi?IIethin_’ andvirohith -Walace,’

 

    

:17

formed since I have got him in the light where I can
see him perfectly.” . "

t“Sure, Carter,” replied the ‘captain; “I will help you “
out in»any.thing.you want to do. You can count on me
for tha .” . I ' i V

“What’s that?” exclaimed the burglar. “Carter! Say, a ‘I
are you Nick Carter, and is that ’ere genteel servant "A
outﬁt one of your disguises? Am I dreamin’, ‘br am I’ I - I
up against Nick Carter for fair?” ' . '3

“I think,” replied Nick quietly, “you will discover it’ « I
is no dream. I am Nick Carter, and I have some very
important uses for you, my man. If you don’t offer too
many impediments to what I have to propose, it will
gojeasy with you. Otherwise I won’t answer _for the
consequences.” I ‘ ’ ‘ A '

 
 

. .

 

CHAPTER VIII.
HARRY THE HERMIT.

at hand, and sat there gazing at the detective in a con-
dition of stupid surprise, while he muttered over and
over again to himself: _ . . ..
“Well, I’m blowed; if I ain’t up against it, I’m 3. ¥
liarl” and other expressions to the same effect, showing
that he was, completely nonplused by the unmistakable“
evidence that he had thrust himself into insurmountable 1
difficulties at the very moment when he had started out*
to spend his money and have a good time. I .
“Captain,” said the detective,.turning to the police
officer, “you won’t mind, will you, letting me have this
room for a little while? I think this man will talk a-
great deal better with only onetha-n he will with two.” I I
5‘You are dead right about that, Mr. Carter,” said the 5
burglar. V ' ‘ L M V , M‘ . 
I “Use the room as long asyou like, Nick,” replied the
captain, »“and“when you want me again, just’ press that

 

  
      
   
    
   
     

captain left the room without another word. A
As soon as the detective was alone with the burglary-.

   
 

speaking, he slowly removed theimore apparent outwaid
representations ofV_,]oseph, until, although not entirely frel
storeditoi his own personality, he had still performed
enough of a ‘change to convince the burglar of the pi-,e'v;..
ous existence, of E1 perfect disguise; and this was all.that
was needed to reduce the man to a state of abject “ads
1 ‘ > t ‘
“Say, Nick Carter,” he said, with a savage grin‘-on

   
     
     
    

  

  

\~.\r .-

 e“Woul~diiyoui”’. asked Nick, smiling. m  I
A “I sure would. Why, I could ‘make 

 I a-y~:IV ‘could-be nosing around, pretending I. was,~somie'
1in£er11al, ’tec.’ searchingifolr. the thief. Oh, I’d win out
-for;._faifr-if_;I.could~do_th.at trick!” _ -  .
- “What is your name?” asked the detective. »
“Well, mister, that depends; Just at? this present mo-
nt, rnister, any name will do me. ‘You might call me

John Doe .orRiehard Roe, just asthe fancy happens to «

now while I make a‘1i_ttle sketch for your beneﬁt. I am
Nick Carter, whom you know something about. You
garea mob-rrian and afburglar, the ‘head oneof the bunch,
nd"cra.ckin‘g'1-ich ‘cribs is your lay. It don’t happen to
‘now who you are, but I don’tpthink it would take, very
 for-me ‘to ﬁnd out if I chose fto make" inquiries.-
u=~aprie“ evidently an English“crook who has ‘nottbeen
in this? country very long, although there isn’t much in
your talk to denote “it; "But it;is evident "to me that-you
'ju'/st ﬁnished upiva successful robber)’; and: that you

‘vi’ got considerable of the ‘ proﬁts you derived from’ it.

urgpo’ckets, while the res_t.isburied ‘where you will‘

Q‘ to find it when youwant it‘. , Now,‘ you prol5— -

_ly’iknow something about »me, and know that '1 _keep

’ ordgwhen Igive it, ]don’t you?” ' L " ‘ ‘
h .. \ )1 r

2;: ey 5‘ no

you“ before; but I.’ have heard fa iot‘ about

,here: are 'tvviopropositions',\ either of whiichtyoul 
 The ﬁrst rune is ‘if you will; give meyourﬁ;

ip I'rn‘ealn the name that‘«you‘§are kffnbwn by
our pals and the other rnembersi-_ofAp.yout mob,’
‘post me ‘sufficiently V about "yourehabits, so 41 can

2? what I’ve‘ been told; I’ve never happened to ‘

'Bturg1ar',fyou are going to get alt“;
and thenmore.” .     A "9  z —
..“I thinktl see the point,” _said: the burglarvtmoodit‘
“Well, what have you got ‘to say ,about: it?’7 
“Looks to’ me"as though I was sort‘ of 
frying—pan and the fire; and I gvas going to get ' ‘L
whichever way I.jﬂopped.” - L .  w vi"
V .- “I «wouldn’t look at it that=way,” said N.ick. ‘ ‘ 1
merely given you the choice of ten ‘days or.a—_1itt1f€;

want toeat anddrink, and live‘ like a lord,p'o1'- ten,y.eaf
orumore of» State’svprison-—lan;d“you know iwh
means.”  i  2 i ;   V .  » V; '1
_ The burglar dropped hisgeyes and studied th g_ be
-in the rug .for.a few moments in psAi1ence,.and thenhe e‘
“plied abruptlyr _ V l ‘ 1, ’ ' ‘ ‘ 
“Ithink I’d be a ‘fool to
isyou?”  ‘ l 
> “I thinkiyou would,V’.’ said‘NiCk.‘ / M .
“We11,pI’1y1iV take the ten‘ days moreor 1ess,,a'
i your questions, Nick Carter, alvways withthe u
”ingxthat you don’t expectirne"toi betray any 1
‘ . “You ishallfbe the j’uqge_ of thatiyourselfxy
the de:teetive‘.V “I will‘askIyouthevquestions,
, tsweredg as they occur to’ me. gulf it ‘(strikes yolffha
answering of any one of ‘them’ will act as'ia' ‘ i

'1

‘hesitatein iny choic

any of youiﬁfriends‘, -we’1l arguethevcase.
f.‘That soun'ds"prettyi     
“What is your tnain¢e;2'-{_;:**  I :~ « i ‘_ L. K ;
*“.Well,»  I p told youbefore I thavelvgoti afgl r

' Which one gdd«you[;wantv?’: ' _ 3‘ I \r

r g “I want.‘ﬁi?stvitheyrxarnev that you

e’ s cessfut use of; at,l.y<>uisharz1; go’ intd\s’o1itary‘%con-‘ 

,a'*pIac‘e I know of; panel will beakept‘V_there_
 pong 'as'«I,need your services, ,and1byp’:yourl;serv—«
mean your absence from: yjofir f_usua1‘ Ahauntsi, _'If—‘;
‘“ .9 ‘this,’ _vv1*~ien:V'I i1i‘ave.tﬁni‘shed ’wh;;‘t, ‘
you will be set‘ at liberty gifith fnoij 'c}uestio’r1s'}asked,
1_onf1th“at' iyou leave 'New ork :w_;it
ﬁr  '9: V‘  J. ,   yr “'y;.'!.,V,‘ _ I
_a ‘sounds -pretty.fgii;,vf"mistér, a_s~_far as‘"it,f§oes,.p
tone part oft-itfwhichi inakesi me’ think ‘you =want.
ea‘ch=;<m'm3y pals:-’ T’hatl.I#w_on”tifdo;'riot" if you
.5 753’ U
, yz.lb:M¢rha£»s:
the ‘other

hm; twenty?

.year’sf'.',t A1T'lrf1at .I. ‘have.’1never._‘-doneyand ‘I 

iywant V \

_,jge’neraiiy * known.—;as.« » the (

, V"e7~‘.,‘+”*c1.”’~’ s53id«,- c .\
 “My: pals‘ ﬁve? v.h€=re;~ «sutfh  "t ’
me iI—Iar'ry, avlthojugh i‘s_om"iet’i-mes the
 but i they all kh_¢iw!»nitei'as 
iwhiiéheiifer ';hand1e; comes‘ h _

 -lN;*~:W. NICK_ CARTER WEEKLY.

 “You don’t like to have youripals too closely‘ around
‘you, I see,” said Nick, smiling. * .

I .“Well, pals is all right up to a certain extent, but my
experience is that if I want to provide a getaway, it’s
best to have it by my little lonesome, and that’s the way
Iido business.” = _ I‘

“Do you know a man whodpasses under the name of

, Hogarth?” asked Nick, and springing the question so

sharply that the burglar was unprepared for it.
For a moment he was silent, and then he replied:
J I “Look here, Carter, I’m pretty square for a fellow in

[my line of business. I know that there is such a man

aswhat you have named, but I don't know anything ’

{about him, nd, if I did, I wouldn’t tell you.”

' “That is sufficient answer, Harry. Now, who was the

boss of that last /job of yours; I mean you need not tell

me the name of the man, b_ut I want to knowlif you were

. fat the head of the mob.”

“I sure was.” '

i","But the -job was picked out for you by somebody

a ‘else, wasn’t it?”

“I’d like to knowhow the devil you know that?”

,, f‘Am I right? Wasn’t the work laid out for you?
he job planned for you? The crib selected for you?
nd all the preliminaries worked out which it sometimes

akes‘ you months to arrange, done for you?” 7
‘ “I don’t‘ see any particular harm in admitting that; it
as dead easy. I ‘did in one night what it would or-

d farily have taken me months to get, ready to do.” «

lExactly,7’ said Nick; “and now answer this "question
(1 bear in mind that I’m not asking you toptell me who

the man is or where h_e_li'ves,' but didn’t orders come to

o*u,in'the"lname‘of some person whom
sed to obey, to do that job?” M ‘I , ,
"Again the burglar hesitated, turning‘ the question over
fully in his mind, and then, with apparent reluctance, I
e.:nodded his head in the afﬁrmative.
‘Yesif’ he admitted; “but -I don’t know how

you have prom-

‘Do you know who that man is p ‘
rdér? ,I am not asking'you who he is, but do» you
“No, I don’t; and if Il'd,id-—-L-.”
_.Doyou know wherekihe lives?”:
;pN“oZ‘ I donitfsg ‘' ‘p ' pl .
‘You, recognize him, ‘don’t you, as the chief of an

nized gang, of which youihayeliolately become .a mem-.

A

r v going to shy that question, ifkit’s all the same 
if, ickiCarter.”  ' :_   e ’ .
' e fact that you objectto it is s1;'ilic‘ient:‘ansWer. . If
acl had: a negative’ ready, you ‘would; have given

Mr.f_Detec‘ti_ve’;_ M A

.

the , devil by it

who‘ sent you the 9'

anything I don’t say, but I ain’t going to be put into the
position of giving any of my pals the double-cross.”

“Do you call this man who sent you the order a pal P” .

“No, I don’t.”

“Have you ever‘ seen him ?"

“No, I haven’t.”

“Do you know whattkind of a looking man he is?”

“I don’t know any more about him than you do.”» I

“But if he sends you an order you will obey it, will
you not?” _ e

“That’s what I’ve agreed to do.”

“How do these orders come to you?”

“That’s none of your business!”

mob?”

“Just ﬁve——the usual number.” ‘ K .

"‘And they are all members of this other gang, are
they not?” A

“I suppose they are; I never asked them.” _

“Did you select them yourself as members ,_of your
mob or were they selected for you?” , it

“Aw, say! Didn’t I just tell you that I had nothin’ t
do only to crack the crib when it was all made ready
for me?” , , ~ I i

“What saloon do you hang out in most of the tim
when you are lying around town with nothing doing?’

“Oh, there’s quite a bunch of ’em. There’s Paddy th
Pig’s; I reckon I go there as much as any place.’’,

“Tell me at what place you and the other member .
of your mob met to make the ﬁnal arrangements for}
this last job of yours.” ‘L U  I

“We sort of drifted into the back room of Paddy
We blew in one at a time, and was introduced toeac
pther by mutual friends; you know how it’s wprked,.b
you mustnftlhold Paddy responsible for anyof this‘.”

“Oh, I’m notpholdingi anybody responsible- I’m onl
learning something about your habits.” 

I ‘ « “Go on, ‘then; I don’t mind answering your question

as,long as you don’t ask me to give anybody the double
cross.” ‘ I K . ‘ 7"
, CHAPTER xx. _ V
_ . Nick CARTER PLAYS A LONE HAND.  I
“Nick Carter knew perfectly well that he could not

hope even by threats to obtain any information -from
I-Iarryfthe Hennita which would tend to incriminate 1a

of his friends in crime, and beyond what the man

alrelady told him there was very little information I

lgleanedjwhich would be of use to the detective in, y. I

indeed the man ‘could be prevailed upon to givi
deﬁnite information about the gang of thugsof  p

,9.

\

“How many men are members of your own particular if e

 _ mauiedtowauia be «unre1iab:é,";nV4'"reamed that at?
almost iariy point tliesmani, 'Wl10.had ‘ralfeady’ shown him— ;

'tof’ibe agcrafty iproposition, could. easily arrartge a

p for him into which he woulduneexpectedly’ fall,
. » V

'houlc_l5hee follow blindly any such ‘dire.ctions.i‘” V _ V V
As‘ aiyfnatter of fact, Nick hadvtjalready obtained from
arry all the information he wanted for the furtherance

if is present plans, and so, instead of iproceedinig‘ with i’
e ciqeuestions, he summoned the captain to the room L

‘gain and said to ihirri: l L ~ ,

'” ‘fWi1l you send one of your men to Hegeman’s"dri1g§ ‘

sentedi   shall Ido é It,
time forthe. nLex‘t~feweclays._  ~
“I’m“ on,” replied the .serg‘ean , V

and * you will it have an

th 3 .

i_ .Wefneecl not describe inedetail the'c*hangeetlga‘
Carter twirouglat-in .tl1e_appearance of thappolic
Suffice it may thiattlae was presently sent away t Nick

7 houses with at note in his pocket addressed-to M“
thehousfel<eeper,_ar;c1 thatehe was guarded» M
there’ by} two polieemeli in _uniform, whgo ae,t’edet:gsi e

in order to carry out the decepitiosm M K “ ll

tore inthe T ll’I1€S_Bl.1lldi’I1gjf01-" me and have 'hll‘l'1 pro— .
eure‘a list of articlesecthatl I will write down for him.?’f V

' “Certainly,” replied thetcaptain.
’ eke oi1t*yourilist.”¢ V « A _ L,V L ?_ 7;
nd ‘so it lhaplperxed that shortly afterwairtd} for the

“He shall‘ go, at once; 

;.

time ‘since noonteoft that day, Nick Carter made,

elfguptetd represent another 'deﬁinite' person entirely,’

so time it was gtheiphysiognomytand» the brutish; face of L

ryiithe ,He'rm’it thatjhiei adsoipted; .

V‘! Iistfsent ‘to Hegemgms fclrug-stores suppj1i¢aimim'

he articleshelgrequired in» reproduciiig the‘ ﬁerce; ’

[f

M and; lantermjaiwsflof the burglar, and thefcape .

nd‘ithe_'cracksriian sattheore in the room wafchtingii {

‘ *11‘z7silent admirationi while he created the character
it as perfectly
91:; 0. do. ' ~,  ~

ashe did evierythinlgtthet heVug,t-7

 V chafxge liehind-."it.

 _ Itvwas ‘alight l2WQ‘—Oi(V‘.l"€y1,{;l b

«  these .arrang'ernentsi were tcornple

ital‘ was ~ledMfAromlithe captainfs  L . L
the i"station-house to «face. the,_ lieut ,

*1-the’ trimrhirlg‘ of the’ shock?-vvl,g'i”hei‘il:iad  

/and L

roc1g’1i‘edt,{ltoithe;i1t'mostt‘4aridi épparerii/t

 p‘o;r‘tanti de'ta‘i1,x it‘ Iookeq, savetnfr the clothing is  or
hur‘gl,arjnovs’r WOI‘e_',f which :the"captain had kiridly ‘

L S7 if‘ there - .Wer]es i V
L 0? tY1¢‘«Vprecin}ét;

A  Hainkitiﬂolbrooks ‘n

 _”‘u1d hare appeared‘ there to ‘better advantage in the

 acter of Harry the Hermit... 1

When he rang the bell and had waited for a moment
wd, the door opened about three inches, and was held
he “ed by two chains on the inside oflit, while the lookout
ed nd~ it studied his appearance carefully, looking to

page if he was alone, for it is ‘rarely that more than one

erson,'w‘ill'be admitted at a time under“such cir,cu’rn-
ces. But after a moment he exclaimed:

Hello, Hankgback again?” and, removing‘ the chains, ‘

-dtnitted the detective to the place,

Nick walked in and seated himself at one ofthe tables
p’ rt ‘from the others, of whom there were probably a
core who were in the room; As he entered he’ kept his

es ' lowered’, purposely avoiding‘ ‘encountering any

Viofia person who was there, for the was in the ex?

L inaryf position of knowing’ by name no one inthat
‘mowho was there as a guest, while without doubt‘as

the Hermit he _was- himself knownto many of

db’ so he avoided the glances that were directed at
and,‘ having selectedja table by himself, threw him—
“upon a chair and surlily '_ordered_.a drink, while in

I Treat‘ "the bunch.

out of it,_too.”, ’p
_Hai‘ry?”:.W “ " V

‘him, because I don’t.”‘

in the line of my own business, but I ain’t no footlpad and;

never was a thug, and I never played the strong—arme
man but once in my life, and I was ashamed of tha

and I’m hanlgediif I’m goin’ outside the regular line of"
my business for any organization of crooks on earth, and-
won’t obey anysuch orders iflthey are sent to me. You
can put that in your pipe and smoke it, and you can tell .

hislnibsthat, too, if you know how to send the word to
‘ The man who hadseated vhimselflopposite the detecti-V i

listened to ‘this tirade in utter silence but with the ai

of one who was thoroughly frightened by it.‘ ‘Now,

when it was ﬁnished, he leaned forward and whispered‘
eagerly; ’ - ' -' ‘I “ “

“Say, Harry, don’t make a fool of yourself!"  ‘
‘‘Oh,~I’m not makin’ a fool of myself. I know how»:

take care of Harry the. Hermit; don’t you worry!”»-‘ it ‘I
i ‘ _1“But you know, what'you’re up against.

You knot‘
the oath, you took!” ’ L M ’ - _.h
‘ 'v“I-Ianglr the oath, and you, too! I I won’t stand‘for_;a'n
such business as has been going’ on to-night.” , I

"-“I wish, you wouldn’t talk soVloud, lH§rry,]'theiother
here might /hear you. As for me, you know I would I.

‘give you away. That’s not Jack €r_acker’s way, 
know it.” I *

‘f1 knowthat, ;ak,sa;1,rigm,bn this is  er
I’d rather y,ou’d, give, me away than not, I’d lijke"

‘._have every’ bloomin’ gun inﬂthe place «hearjwhatkif h_
‘to say about it, and if there’s anybody here who’ll:carty
‘the’-message I have uttered, to the sr¢p;=.r,p1a¢e,’1a’l‘ can

do it any too quick to suit me, Tlfl'at’s ﬁnal !”
I-Ie purposely raised his voice when he made t

Vi mentnand with ythe ‘resultlhe desiiiedyrfor  I
‘of the *assetnblage arose from “ the, table, where V‘
’ seated _an=d,icame across ‘the room to fhis own. 2

 1, f‘Wi:a;e4tis mt,‘lnarryiwaemainedifqngpf”: 

uf ﬁ¢_r¢e_ tqniei .ai1d 1¢aning'towa§d 

sad Ireplied ',Nickideﬁan_t:ly,:  

his chair, while he thrust hislhandsl

érs. Pockets. ‘,‘that

 ’ ’ NEW. “ NICK TCACRTERL 7‘v EE LY.

ve known he would go straight to headquarters with’
''i:;’’i . ~ » T
M‘lThat’s just exactly what I wanted him to do,” are-.

torted Nick Carter savagely.

CHAPTER X.
DEFYING THE CRIMINAL TRUST.

Nick Carter knew when he entered that saloon that he

Qmight consort with the frequenters for months without

J being able to discover any of the secrets which would

 lead him to the organization of the Criminal Trust itself,
land he realized that in order to accomplish what he de-

sired he would be obliged to follow out some such course
as the one he had pursued.

; :1 The inspiration to do what he had done came to him

’ ‘as.-hewalked into the back room and seated himself alone

at; the table as described. When the man who announced‘

~ himself as Jack Crackercrossed the room and joined him,

’ ~ ‘N guessed that he was one who was especiallypfriendly

With‘ Harry the“Hermit, and he became assured of that
.when‘ he expressed himself soemphatically concerning

H be organization, of which he already appeared to be an

willing member. .
,- There are always in everyorganization men who are
eady and willing to carry tales; there are always jeal—
usies, land there are always those‘who are ambitious
loriadvancement, and think it can be best procured by

pying upon othersland reporting them. None realized

'hisHcharacteristic more thoroughly than Nick Carter did,
, it _was, therefore, with a deﬁnite purpose that" he ex-
ressted himself so savagely and surlily concerning the in-
oidents of the night which had resulted in taking Harry
he Hermit to~the station—house. Nick did not doubt that

Hafrrylhad been followed there when he wasitaken in’

barge by the officers; he did not doubt that one or

ore. members of the gang had hung around outside
,a2,ting'_ldevelopnients; his only surprise" was that no one
had steppedforward anqpigpoltenvto hirrrwhen. he left;

heiiilvstation-house.

’Now, when: the others had moved away from themlvi

gain, and Cracker‘ and he were «once more alone, Nick"

e'ed’forwarcl~ancl addressed his companion in a toner
li ;. wasgso conﬁdential the others could not hear him.

“I”-Ie’lI go straight topheadquarters with it,‘ of course.

' t’s yo/hat’ I warned you about.’f . C
Well, let him go. iWhat of it 3” ,

“Why coLiltln’t you keep your otrapclosed, Harry?”

ause1_it;’s.my way, when I’ve got anything/to say,

 it, 'that’s‘svvhy.” C it  - 3‘ ~

ondzerif you realize wl1_a_ty.ou~’re_up against,jnow_sj'

.l‘~|- ./x_ -

have. sat

«f

, tillCurley. comes back;~if.yourthinkihe will-co

‘ , “No, I won’t.”

“Realize nothin’. Up'agai,nst;notliin’.” * , ,
“You ain’t, eh? I’ll tell you for fyoneathat yo 'll
hauled before the, Third Chief in les's.‘than5 two hon

if you wait here till Curley comes back,'and I’
and get myself" under cover and stay there till thisth tg
blows over.” ' V ' »  '
N “Look here, Jack, I ain’t doin’ anyymosyin-’,i and
not under cover just’ now! I’m out for a good time 13’ I
A “It’ll be a good time with a knife between yotgf r:
or a dose of poison in your- gulletif you keep on 7t
as you have to-night.” ' _ _. y>V/ = z 11
“Oh, I’ll take my chances. I’ve been doin’,  .£
thirty years, and I ain’t goin’ to welch on it now.” 
He turned, then, and called the waiter to him. agai
directing that everybody in thehouse be treatedi ath
expense, and while he was attending to that, Crack
was called across the room to rejoin the‘ party that ,
had been with, at another table, when Nicllt entered
For perhaps ﬁve’ minutes the detectiveremained alon
still assuming the air ofgone who was disgruntled».
the occurrences of the nights, and whose good itéfﬁ
had by no means returned; and‘ so he remaijinedv-u
Cracker recrossed the room to him,’ this tinie.'a,ccq
panied by two companions, and they alludr'ewj.c
closely around the detective, and then Crack Ar lea

“forward, while the others did the same, until theirla

were all close together,» and Crackergwhisperedz‘ 
‘lWe’ve been talkin’ this matter over, Harry,
us,:and we’ve made up our minds that the best th,
you to do is to skip out.” V ‘T C’ C
“What for?” asked Nick. V A .
“Well,‘it’ll be an hour, anyhow, and mebbe rno
fore Curley can get b__ackih'ere;"iOf ‘course‘tl1oS._l_e
two fellows that were over at their tableiwith him
watchin’ you, and if you go out now they’11jVfo11o
Cross-eye and Spots and me have ﬁxed it  bet
us so that if they follow you. out, °we’11~ follow
out’. ,We’re willin’ to (take aefew chances»/to "
through this thing‘ safely on ‘condition that, 1
word by me that you’re sorry for.what:you5ve' said
“Say, Jack, drop that. 2' Stow your jaw !-_. Ilvaifit
and Ilmeah to stand by all I’ve said, and, what’s‘
I 'ain’t'goin" to light out.‘ I’m” goin’_ to waitfgh

it?

“He sure will, just as sooniasi he gets orders :-
Casepn , V _: g   V H g,"  V I,’ g V,
“Well, he can’t ‘cojrneI~any too .quick,'»and is

T sassy, he’ll ﬁnd out what he’s upsagainst mt

“Won’t you light otit,igI-Iarry, andmrnakpa you sﬁel
fora day or-two ?” asked Cracker, w'th‘real;
his /voice.‘ 3 .   N i ' “  ~

“Ifd. liike‘ to. have yo i idol fit.”  C

 te{wg=fs gtkin’ some chance§ vo.3ise1ve§,* ind advisingiiéyoui
Y) do-ftvhis thing,» Harry.”  A '

e ‘ ‘Don’t you suppose Iiknow":t_hat,Wandp do "you think .
 goin’_ to let you do it? Did you ever know me, Iack

. ‘Cher, to go back on what I’ve said?‘ I ain’t used
0:} ing bossed over by any such outﬁt as this ‘oneiithati
sksgten men to set onto one poor devil in the street.
 ain’t my‘ style of doing: businessfand »the§sooner it
sﬂunderstood at headquarters of this organization, the
hetdr; for all of us.” i - ’~
_ Aga‘
.«e:

111 he had traisedJhis~voicei so thatthe words car-
to, the other ‘side of the room, and he noticed that
hemen who had been with Curley were regardringhirn‘
“entivvely and listening to every utterance he made, as if
ey intended to remember, them against him.‘ i
' lker and his two friends were evidentlydisturbed,
3their. demeanor impressed Nick with the idea that

“Flaps he had unwittingly’ thrust himself into greater

egerthan he realized or imagined.‘ - .

' knew’ 'nothing of this organization‘ that hehadpso.

Idlyipdeﬁed in words and mannerwsince he entered the"

 was evident to him now‘ that the others
with‘ deadly terror the r powers that ﬂcontrolled

a‘.ii_iomgn:’ if silence,‘ ‘;i;m~ing..§§hi¢1i iheeithougpht.
and addressed Cracker di'-A '

forward

N leaned

/

ﬁre I'.Wi11:-” W38 Xtherep1y_.». j. o 3 r '  3 

it   i

will you and“Cross—ey1e'.pw'it— re f 1- ,uis'iJ.xi1‘til‘

't._¢"lin°St;?’.’i’.    ..
ighi  ere at this‘ taiiileg; iiyoii  p,
t clon’t zﬁorget that 'thosedfe11oWs71i on:"the
. ' ' pyou.Vyout.”_ pi, e  
will. ~ just watch» my smoke !’l’.'*' j

’ . /
I

uicklygh-and, crossingvthe room " e
l ‘ spieswere_seated,:iahd‘;a2de'tv  

ll you get yourself7 trouhlerby  
V i T“You ,don’t."seem likeyourself t'0i—_11i“gli1l:.”ey“:' l V _
J. e“.“MebbVe "I.;vain?t*iVvt1nysel£,_e    rye

”? i.‘woii’ttt"3aea on ‘L 'r‘éthanirhalf*”  .  ~  . . V L V
 ea » t. "rr. . mo 6  ." , para ,answer those questionsvof in1ne.’J’,.V ‘ 

. pirtaken‘ intoeheiorgaﬁiv . _r

.1,

‘,‘~.

 He’ wheeled and returned to ~Crack‘er', twithvia cu
“Come on, Jack,” and a nod to the bartender to _1et’him ’
out at the door, he strode defiantly out of the  fol»

‘lowed by the companion he

walk. L A r i s i L V _
-“What in blazes are you-up to now, I-Iarry?” d

pmanded Cracker, ‘the moment they were on the pavernent

outside the bui.lding.'j * -

“I can tell you that, Jack, in mighty few wordsj:  

ispondecl the detective. T
“Well, what is it ?”
V ‘"1 want you to put me next to all

that _I ‘doni"t§ know

concerning the organization.” i _ A _
“Why? You know as much as  do.”j i  i 4_  . V
“No, I don’t,l either. '1 don’t know‘ anything.'_ Iidednif
pay; any attention; my mind was: on something ,e1_s'fe

.You.tel1 me.I’n‘1 upfagainst’ something here;.noW}tel1;

nae what I’m up against.” v at up

A “You know the oath you ltoo1<',.'dont’tyou?:” ‘ } I 

A “No, 1I don’t. ‘I tell yyou”I wasnit paying ianyiattezi
tion.f Look here, Jack,.}.y_ou" gas: 1tellVArnei;aboLit’ii{i‘t 
your own standpoint juistiias though  didn’twknow angi-
thing at allabouty illj,/Which. will‘Be1prhttyv'§Iléar"ihe" 

whenpall is said.” ii

I  _:  ’ . ‘     k Cfk t ‘d bi itl'  1  al
l.I.‘,you"_take:: a twalk. outside with ‘me. for a iew, J“ ~ mc er 5 Opp? as “P Y 1 view‘ in W 

along the avenue and turnedeandifaced his co ppanie

* with ‘ad; puzzled expression in  ti

nef. .‘ V . 1 .7 e V  I _
.“What’s the . matter  you, A?.’;’; he 

,1,

,_ w“YoufdknowiHas  ahout’the)organi;atio a$ ‘' 
anith:iigiaboutit.’%
: ; “Well, at least  {this} ’h,Y;OI1»rk1j'l0Vil',,yg):];}-.‘ ye
’ fen’ oiif1:he- ‘prﬁinﬁséfgcliati ." V _ ‘ 
aiid_<y§uii:know_’ mighty» well 'that w
y 1iA‘§1',‘>fhe narne‘of'thepiThird5‘C135'§’
the amc.vas.‘1Vi'tiiéY‘.¢aI:ie from   " “

had s'e1ected'for his short 1

 New NICK‘ (;,._1,1':‘i:n Vt

‘hours longer right now, I'd require mighty long oddsto
.-bet!’ on you'.” 9 h ‘ ' A i

’ “Do you think Curley will come back, jack ?” .
 “Sure he’ll come back.” i - '

?,“VVho’ll he bring with him?”

7‘l don’t know, but he will bring all the help he needs,
and you know as ‘well’ as I do that all he’s got to do is to

flift: his ﬁnger and do this,‘ to ?rri:ike every one of us in

that room assist‘ him a ainst ou,” and ack Cracker
, 8' Y .

when he gets me P” askedthe supposed Harry the Her-
mit. C l .

 /‘Noi;‘ ‘I wish I had.” ‘

(“Butt you can follow and ﬁnd out, can’t you?” A
(“Gee whiz! That would be more than my life is

iworthgiand ‘do you mean to say that now that you are
of that place you intend

A to go back there and wait
for Cur1ey’s return?” ' ' 4 _ l  if . 9 E ‘
-F]; cevrtainlyipdof That’s what (I said, and I’m going to

‘ The "detective saw that ‘there was no use in prolonging

ilthisiiinterview. He had hoped in bringing Cracker out-

s yes the saloon that he could worm some information
.¢j*:ut'i of him’, but he perceived now ‘how impossible it
would be to do that without betraying himself, and he

‘preferred letting matters continue as they were rather

 n+ru’n_,the_ risk of being,/treated as a spy from the,
outside’ and not‘ as a member of the order who had

eefn ‘transgressing its rules. i  I
"reckon time’s about up now, andtwe’ll goipback,” he

Jlwhen they had walked another block in silence,

they turned and began to retrace their steps to-*.

Paddy’s (saloon. ” ' l V
Asﬂthyey approached it, they could see that others were

_ing}«’throughi that darkened doorway, andz”Cracker‘

ick as he said hoarsely: A  » 
5 ’a‘That’s Curleyigjust gbne
I skipjwhile you can!” L .
»“ ary  skip !” said ,N ick, anclihe increased his pace

so thatvhe made the ‘signal ‘at the door" soon after Curley ;
and the men he had brought withbhim must have entered.

t}1?E:,baEl;irt)QI‘i1'Of;tyhé saloon,‘ L _ - _ _
j’I‘l1e_:bl rtender ‘who ‘had admitted them had not yet‘

th ‘boar, and‘/was there toiopen itlfor Niékvlandi
" Nick 

A

he ’ndf'while he reihainedpptptot close \  , aga

ward rapid] -and passedi ﬁll-‘OH Vh:?the_seeon

_;_made a sign like the letter S in the air in front of him. i
2 my “Have ‘you any idea, Jack, where he will take me

in; take, a fe'llow’s «. advice

attack on the man they psupposied to be Hart’

«LEKLY_., ..

door‘ intlo the back room" with its score ‘or, mror 

cupants. ‘ V is = V ‘K A 
The, man Curley was standing in the space 1

center of the room, and had evidently just been ‘info

of the departure from it of Harry the Hermit, for.‘

,Nick entered, the man exclaimed 1oudly;'

“He’s a sneak and a coward, anyhow, and

I’ll ge 1 hu
just the same!” i 
“You will, eh .7.’ said Nick, steppingforward Aqlli ‘

and before _Curley realized that he was attacked
himself seized and lifted c1ear‘of the f1oor,and‘t

was ﬂung headlong and all in a heap into a far _
of it, while every man in the place started,‘ to his 
and stood staring at the unusual scene, V 

CHAPTERVXI.
‘IN THE co1Ls'o_r’ A SERPENT.

For a moment after Nick’s sudden attacl<,up.onpfC 1‘
such utter consternation: prevailed in that rear‘;
the saloon that not a personfthereythought to vnfov
ward, to interfere; and Cur1ey'remaXin_ed.-Iwhefe he"
fallen, dazed and hal;f;unconscious—£rom the shoek>i~
fall, and with the breath effectually pknockedgioupyt
body. * . Y , "   - p -  *

But the reaction” came afterea mom’ent,—‘and wi
the members of the gang of crooks who 
rushed forward as one man, and fell upon; the‘d§f
bearing. ‘him to the ﬂoor and overpowerin  i
very little effort,‘ l '

And that was precisely what the detectivevvish

‘was precisely what hewanted ; “so he; ofﬁered no resi
I’ whatever to their attack_, since I16 one  afti

to injure him, only to capture. himf 
, Of all -that, throng tha  was . iéongregated
Cracker and Spots,‘ a'nd_.‘Cro"s:s-ieyeiiwere the»on-
who remained in the background [and tookfn fl; C

2

tlifﬁ

.ifNoM effort was made to bind 'the detective,

by merely surrounded and warned‘  ifi,hei ma

other ‘effort to’ attack any one,byihesyv\oul get

he ‘realized,’ by the,_qui_et mannep,th€/fmeniaddp
.they,wer,e in deadly earnest, andithat; Vt‘ wo
[for him ito;,heedJwhat itheyeaibd.» if '

eiCur-le had K ee'n“a' 

 ‘ growled Curley‘. V

‘  NICK CARTER WEEKLY.«

.,atlelylp‘angry,at the indignity‘ that had been L-visited
.5’-upon him. A ' ,
pi  soonyas he was able to do so, he thrust himself for-
pward ‘until he confronted the detective, «and, planting
Jhlimself squarely in front of Nick, exclaimed:
I, ,“I’l1 get even, with you for this, you cur ll’
-Nick only smiled disdainfully upon him, and vouch-
' safed no reply; and Curley, in a transport of rage, shook
 in the detective’s face, and shouted_,: X _
li“lYou’Il roast for this, you dog! I’llsee to it thatyou
get‘ what’s coming to you——you can betyour life on, that.
ere arlepenough of us here who heard and saw‘ all
that has happened, to swear your life away, "and by
f‘That’ll be aboutlenoughfrom your trap, Curley,” in-
«érruptedl Cracker, forcing himself into and through the
 until he confronted: Curley. “You’ll just do your
uty,'and I reckon you know what that is without any
id ce from me; but if you go infor trying to do. any-

U

* thi g to Harry that ain’t regular, mebby you can guess

what isVlikely to happen.” ,_ _

“If’l1_‘l reporteyou, too, if youVdon’t shut your ‘trap?’

;‘ “ ’.Vhat‘ for,‘ I’d like to know? .v You take  tip, Cur-
and attend strictly to your duties, orpyoulll ﬁnd that
ii’re up against a proposition that you, won’t like.”
Irlrtheimeantime Paddy, the proprietor of the place,
ced his way to the center of thegroup, and in his
uasivfe manner remarked: , A . ' y W .
‘>o'ol<' here, boys, I always treat you; on * the level,
{:1 H Sure! Well,  don’t waﬁtvvlalnylroivv inihere
§his»timepEof night. :1 can't symd forit. My reputa-
f;won”t' stand forit. I want youlto be quiet," now,
isetvtlel ,.dow’n.l If you ‘have got anything coming
, t'vI-Iarry, you must settle it outside-——not 1_1eré;’.’.x
’n going to take hilni out of here,” snarled ‘Carley.
1sl“iny‘plrisotier, and-—-—-”  l

it won’t take him out "ofhere unless he is willing  V,
N ” now" so, angry _h'imsel..f that it is likely that heslwouid’

Paddy interrupted him. ‘=“If he wants to go with
_e leans; but there mustn’t be any force used. I-low
Harry? V Do you choose to go away with these

ok,hge_1-e, ‘Paddy,”p Curley -interpo_sed,’y.before Nick

business. Thislis something that you don’t know any? 4
L thing about, and you’d better keep your hands 05.”, N
““Don't worry, Paddy,” said Nick. “I’1l go along with;

them. I’ll treat the house just once more before I start,
‘though. Everybody say what he’ll have 1”

During the interval that followed, while the men there
were taking their drinks, Cracker edged forward and

, attempted to whisper to Nick. What he said was, how~

ever, overheard by Curleyp. - \
‘‘I’m going along with you to see fair play, no_rnatter-

what comes ofvit,” was what Crackerlsaidyand Curley’s  

reply to him, quick and harsh, iwasz.
“You bet your life you’re going! You’re going as a

prisoner of the order, too. You have got yourself?’ if“

about as deep intolthis thing as the Hermit ha‘s. Closes
in on ’em‘, boys, and help ’em along if they get__shy.’’A , p

H Curley, who evidently ‘knew his business, and who“,

was doubtless in the enjoyment of considerable author-f
ity in that particular branch of the Criminal Trust, _ar.-';
ranged his forces withifour tolwalk in frontof 
‘and Nick. Behind them came Cracker, ﬂanked on either
side by one of Curleyfs aﬁdherents; and so they rharchc i
through the hallway andithen out upon the street. i V
‘V There, Nick’ was not surprised to discover thatva car-
riage was awaiting them; one of the closed hack varie.
which had been hastily summoned. ‘for the conveyance’.
of the prisoners. . . V ‘

L And Nick was invited to enter this, while 

was forced in after him-; and then, with Curleyiandq

onevof his men beside them, they were driven rapidly
away, while the curtains of the hack were drawn‘ so 1: if
they would be prevented" from knowing what route w 5:

,taken.* “ ‘ »s ' . g . 
The reader ,must understand that Nick would have

found no difficulty in freeing himself then, had he choseii.
to ‘do so, for withhis great strength-it would have bee _
an easy matter for him to haveovercome. the two me °

3 L  uwhogguarded him; for Cracker was passive, and-»vould'\‘l

not have fought against him- Moreover, Crackerwfva

have sided with the supposed Hermit, hadfthere

.a.row.7j . ., ‘ ‘- ._l ‘_ ,'  M ‘i A N.

2 But. that was the last ‘thing the detective, desired»
He had 'brought the row about for the mere V"   "N

'y_ p ultnll goingrtog take thatpupiaway frorr'rh_ere I A

 iclear through, back there, but I

nmﬂdt-i°‘th¢nt:1.’9W§"Si3‘ aw’ 

U i :“i1§IEW'ieN1CK‘ CARTER ;WEEKL'Yf, 

 :Ci1rieyi'wias recovering his temper,‘ too. " Itwas 

apparent that he had begun to think ‘that perhaps he

 had“:gone‘to]o farrin his language andathreats, for pres-

ently he said, 1'/addressing inobone in particular; V

H‘“I’l’l’1! sorrfi about this; I am, for a fact. I was mad
am over it now, and
I’m3s'9rry.”),' ~ . I ..  I _ e V r I M I M V, i
' Nobody replied to him, and after a moment he said: i a i

i“Are_ you going to hold this as a grudge against me,
' ‘H¢ft1iit?",i - . A ' ' L "

= $91311 think about that when I rim what the hoar-

A c,9‘n};_=, is to be,”’repIie<i Nick calmly,» r t.  A V
7‘,I only; doing my duty. You know thah; or. at.
t t 1. r 4

eastyou ought to know it.” p y _ _ A ,
:Yon went alittie further‘-‘than was’ necessary to do
1:, don’t‘ youptthink,.hCurIeyj?’.’, , i V . 7

[y,>‘ >1 1 \‘

sides; .didn’t you isay that you ,wanted the message car‘-’

I   tellyourthat I pwantedito  cialledrna; cur 
dog a ,iot._o£ btherfnames, that I’m nnt;‘1ikely soon”
b xgetfg That was .4no.part'of your ’duty.’_’.Al

)   TN:  fer go.WI’rn notaerie toiho1ciiang;rud§e.’n’

‘. ]nothé_r ,<,5;ie[Qfv ouir,irﬁ1.es, do_nft you?”’

1,:tb"t7.‘.11o’~ mincigreat/ier.t'»a11d% so I; ri9n’tn;know 

rer‘ta1i‘n.ng about? 1"

\ .

 ,0,1a_ ai_n?t {QrgAot,7:'~hax?e‘ you,: 3that,'you?x}e.iiigot-‘ 
kfzdfoi ede_-'-yo‘ﬁ—?and the sCiéac1;er,:?¢It’s orders,i.a;n£i':it’s_
Ne, "t'ioi’1e‘,;  .I.[ §.i10;[5‘e?‘,§S"<,3i;1: ,ai’:ﬁ1:§i:t:g’gaiing ta .i;of£erir>any"i '

,cn‘1s;i.ie'h.??’.“i ”~ » < ‘
3115)’
any ice~withVrn

ohab1y,'»un_derﬂ the-uj Qsaxﬁe
eomm tied nor only .thet'jo:n"e to

4. city which is mnwjn, ‘ilocailjﬁas rG‘r£ee.n‘wic _ v

 tlaiipe I didgl divdn’1: mean to,‘?tho1igh.f.'An'd be;

at  :.1~  ahead’ '§}itt§‘_  -~:,I,. ’c14c_m’iti' '

‘ 7 _        i‘Iiiraiﬁ’¢»'ﬁﬂdi#?‘na¢?%n

tour now armour d.uty.j a‘sTJ~ woue1ah“m..1\ i
 > xiv‘ '_'  V‘

curely; so;they-were unable tbxs  _ 

after that the ‘carriage they were inA:vvas.:drivenf.rap
straight ahead fora considerable iiist_ance;  i

it made several turns,‘ o"r'1e=~after_another,’ all : V
were calculatedttot confuseithe mindsjof ‘the pr:
regarding the direetion; ibut Kati last,’ after
more‘than'an hour,-n theihacik came-to ax‘

two prisoners were to1d‘to alight.

V 
he ‘reniembeiredi that one ‘reference’ had been in"
Grove street, that night; .1}-Iiepiwondered if byiati 1
Ham; Holbrook lived close to the headguart ‘Q

tga,ng. V _ g  ~ r 

But he was afforded littie or ‘no those

L r upon ‘these ‘subjects, yfolif the rn
= the pavementgdthey iwere hu‘st1ed,forwarti anti _
"Nick knew that heiwas led thro‘ugh'ia"~'nar'm_ 
way between ‘hoﬁses, ‘toward the_frea;-  A
\ ‘ Presently‘    a A

bended a‘ ﬂight for (several fstéps, wﬁeggaﬁpn‘ a a

1 p , N p . t , M V , i opened for them, andgthey passeiipiithbuéhih-i511
» M ,‘.sorry,pabp'upt that,VfHerrnit.i;« ”lI’.11*~Atajke. it all back;  M ’ i i ' " ‘V 

only fhejnoisyi icianﬂgihg  dob" as it was

‘“shut, to appriseithelrnl 1of1_what’h:a_c1 hap“ enfe

nk: .yc,u,: Eem.ﬁt_.vepAnVdpnQW;VnIp :,SumSét,tyouw ;‘re__  Theygiféiﬁaiintiigifhéiéi ﬁ},S?3¢=§ce»'£ot, We

é'Vi<1ehiti>>;  pér
Iigiht,*ii§nd"ipriesentiy  iIiea'r§1' they ~’foi~

j pfered iciialogueg near him;

‘ “wad ”c¢niés*he:ei>"- "*‘

 ‘ “‘AyfE1;i:i;il£i_11 f€)i1ower_of riﬂe’ pgitho ,-
_those ‘who’ iare*v\7_iith‘h1ai_1r1.3’fii‘ ‘

[1 ' “Wh’o}has, “he   Pf’. . i

need}. J¢£[¢o;':e¢
 i‘‘Eiitier,’jthétj1b, '

 NEWWNICK CARTER b_WEEK,L,Y.p

?iA@&.Prisoner,i my lord, who has tranisigressedthe rules_

of he order, and who is brought before thegreat python
M correction.” M t l ' V
, Why, then, do you pause ~here_?.”, ﬂ \
‘To obtain the password to the python, my lord.”
.."i‘You’ialready have it.,’,’ 7 s l ‘
“I have it, but I cannot use it without your gracious
permission.” ’ p it it . M 
“Begone, then, and make use of it. But have, due
i re how you approach the royal serpent, lest heebe

There were several more turns of the room after

i at, and at last Nick was pulled to a stop againjband

hen, Without warning, the bandage was jferked away
£:r1m his eyes; and if he had not had his nerves soiwell
hiand, he must have started backwardwith fan ex-

am tion of amazement and alarm, for there, directly a
,,front of him and _so close that” the head of it hung
evnaciinglyi above /him‘, was an enormous: serpent, soil
ye ectly, made and fashioned that; nine  out of M
by ywlould: have supposed it. to be alive.’ Its, jaws were i

beﬁtibed, its eyes gleamed. like two biallsnof ﬁre, its’
ti‘ onigue darted in and ouitpalarmingly, and its huge-

hone “and glistened and even moved in the lights
are ‘thrown upon it from thedarkened room he~
..whe:re the detective stood,  e ‘

‘her-eigained his composurellwinstantlsy,“for he knew i

east he had attained "to one step of his desires;

was within the headquarters of, the organized gang

inals he had pledged, himself to l overcome, e
cnnprnn XII;  ,7:
rm; Akkhsr or rnacnrnr. 

tv szpmanifestpthattthis shouvldythave thee}; no new

orlnijckicarrer in the character he was supposed bl l
‘ sent; a Harry_ the Hermit tad been initiated into’

i text wash

Hermit against the (rules of the order, he wasimerely

reprimanded, and told that ‘with the nexthoffense he by
would be condemned to death; and Nick, pretending to M
be thoroughly alarmed, was hecomingly regretful of all r 1

that had happened and promised never to do so“ any
‘more. A V e ‘

ceeded.

‘The room was in an old storage-house; it occupied the

ftop loft, and had‘ been ﬁtted up for the convenience of
‘these men, to carry out the idea of their secret order—7—
that of the Python.

‘The walls had been draped with burlap, in many

colors, and imitation palms and potted plants were’_ ’
strewn around it, to represent as nearly as possibIe”the~

appearance of a jungle. The ﬂoor was covered with

1'€d,‘the ceiling with blue, spotted ‘with white .stars_.W _A1:*

one end there was a raised dais, or platform, and there
iwas the chair iniwhich the local chief of the order had
his seat,,while éoiled around,‘ the chair, in frightfulirelﬁ.
resentation ‘of .a hideous serpent,i was the mechanic
python to which reference has been already madeg

He seemed to he enfolded in the coilsiof the sina,kie,vbii :3‘
he, nevertheless, found no difficulty in moving about,;

or in'leaving_his chair when occasion required it. ’  .

' Every: man} who was present in the roomilwor:

idonfiino anda half—mask, so that they all‘ looked’ialikie,p,
thefone exception to this costume being the cl2ieef.’s,~'wh1o_’»
 ‘?wo‘re.eveninig dress in lieu of the domino. -® i t L’

Once, during the ceremony ’of‘[thet trial, theichief 
moved his mask carelessly,‘ inorder to ‘wipe 'theyper+

spirationi from hlisifoprehead, for it was hot in that ‘room, V

and then Nick saw ‘this’ face quite plainly: and  _

7 not surphriisedéto A-recognize instantly the man who h, ‘

called upon himlat his office, who had sought.,to‘i 
him "into a trap that had been arranged in san war jhonm
in iB~ro‘oklyn,’_arni who had‘ givhn hispname as 

I .’<#s¢,vZthe~ detective thought to himself, ‘ii “a
.mistal<ten,V after all. ‘Algernon John Hogarth,‘  xv

' atvthe :=l}-Intel, Mammoth, tiswthetchief ofpth y lo ll
‘Good!’ T think Iyknownow what to Clo,” 

ngb 

With that the trial ended, and he,,with Cracker, wasp"
‘ordered to take his seat among the others who were
present, and theregular business of the meeting pro-,

 28'

lphernalia was put away, the dominos and masks were
put aside, the huge serpent was folded in a compact mass
and stowed away in a closet, and after that the men

stood about in groups, conversing for a while. . Some

of them went‘ away at once; others followed presently,
and, after a time, Nick saw that only Cracker and him-
self were left in one of the groups, while the chief, with
two others, were making their way toward the door.
“So—long, Jack,” said the detective to his supposed
friend. “I’1l see you to-night at Paddy’s, if you are go-
ing there. I’m going to trail along after the boss; 
want a word or two with him. I’m not going to do any-

, thing rash, so please don’t worry about me.”

He turned away before Cracker could offer any ob-
jections, and when, a half-hour later, he followed Ho-
garth through the main entrance to the Mammoth, the
latter would, not’ have recognized him had he turned
around, for Nick had found time on the way there to

, dispose of the wig and other accessories to the disguise

he had adopted.

The hour was early in the morning, and: the corri-
dors of the great hotel were almost deserted; and Ho-
garth passed straight to the elevator without once look-
ing backward, entered it, and was taken to the floor
where his room was located.

When that same elevator descended again, Nick

(stepped upon ‘it, for he had paused long enough to whis-

per to the clerk on duty at the desk, to make himself
known to him, and to inform him that he had come there
to make an arrest which he would consummate as quietly
as possible, so that not another one of the guests should
be aware that -such a thing was happening.

And so the detective presently stepped from the ele-

, vator_ at the same ﬂoor where Hogarth had left it, and
a moment later tapped softly upon the door of the room

that Hogarth occupied; and he had now dispensed with

all outward appearance of a disguise, so that when ~Ho—- ‘

garth opened the door he found himself confronted by
Nick Carter, whom he instantly recognized.
He started backward and sought to close the door

‘ again, but Nick stepped quickly forward, forced the door

farther open, and entered the room.
“You are my prisoner, Hogarth,” he said calmly. “I

I was present at your méeting,iwhich has just dispersed.
‘You had me nicely in your power there, if you had only
ownpit. I was,I-Ilarry the Hermit, IDo you realize I

niopportunity you have missed Pl”.

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

The man could only stare in speechless‘ amazetnentff
He had not yet recovered his wits from the surprise the‘; K.

detective had visited upon him.
“I can only arrest you on a technical charge," con-

tinued the detective. “I have not seen you in the actual 1
commission of a crime, but I have heard you planfor‘; V
crimes to be committed, and I have heard you referitcir
others that have already been done- I will merely have
to lock you away somewhere for safe-keeping until 
have gathered the evidence I need against you. Will  z

5!

come quietly, o I

Hogarth had had time to recover himself, and now ‘he.

plunged forward toward the detective, hoping to over
power him and escape; but he found himself seized in‘
grip of iron from which he could not escape, and“he'wa
slowly but surely forced backward until he was de
posited in a chair and handcuffs were slipped lover 
wrists; and then the detective made use of the room
telephone to call up the nearest police-station andf~*ai'
for an officer to take his man away for him. ii‘ .\

When he arrived at his home, at half-past eight o’c"
that morning, he found two telegrams awaiting 11'"
One was from Boston, and the other came from P l
delphia, so he knew at once who had sent each ofjt 2
although no names were signed to the messages. 

The one from Chick, from Phi_ladelpiha,. contained L,
word, which was “Progress.” The other, from Bo
and therefore from Patsy, was, “Have stirredrup A
of snakes.”. Both assured the detective that his
sistants were ‘succeeeding in the assignments he 7
given them; so presently he seated himself and w T’
the following note to the commissioner of‘ police;

“MY DEAR CoMMIssroNER: I haveispottedthe :10
order of the Trust we were talking about. The chief
it is now at Captain Slocum’s station-house, wh ,
awaits your pleasure. I suggest that he be rem
from there at once and kept from communicating
any other persons at all. This local order is on
of the many tails of the dog—-and we want th‘
don’t we? One of my assistants is in Philad
where he reports progress; another is in Boston
which I have also received’ a favorable report:
only a question of a short time now before we W1
the whole outﬁt rounded up so that we can take th_
in at once, and put at stop for good to this epicle ‘
crime. I will call- upon you during the day. '

“Cordially yours, ' p
. . f‘N1cr< CAR;
THE END. 2 "

The nextllnumber (569) wi1l”containj‘.‘A‘ y__
Crooks‘; or, Nick Carter-’s Greatl‘I”risonv 

  L  'N1“CKi czmfren wEi4:i<1;Y. -

sails, and bark at the careless helmsman in the rnost con-'

etemptuous manner. ‘
- as at as as

“I remember that on one of our small coast-survey-:
schooners there was once a litter of puppies belonging to the :-
capitain. They were to be allowed to remain on board ‘until-
oldenough to leave their mother, but during that stay on.‘

NEW YORK. November 15. 1907- board they proved to be the worst of nuisances. The smart-"
TERMS TO M“ CARTER WEEKLY mm‘ 5uB5cmBms_ est andmost energetic pup of the lot was a little  black-
‘ (p,,,,,,g, Fm.) and-wh1te—spotted one called ‘Spottycus the _Glad1ator,’ and
55.31. copigg of any Numhgfg, ac. Egch. ' he led all the others in mischief. ,4
31:; g§§:,o_ﬁé_§é£;:_y_:.,_-: ____ __$£:38 ‘V “The pups had their meals immediately after the ward
 - 1 copy W0 yaam_,:_;:_.___:: ‘'00 room ollicers. Spottycus eVId¢!:ll.l): made up 1115 mind that it .
Hg’ to send Mane ‘B wwﬁco or express mongy order was an‘ infringement of his dignity to be relegated  the
gistered letter-,bank checlzyort11'y.'«zfl:: at ourrisk. At; yourownriakitseniv S‘-?c0n_d table’ so one day he undeiitook  demons”-anon Off
byicurrenoy, coin, or postage stamps in ordinary letter. . 1313 1' Ights. ’ _ . _ ‘ '
~ ‘ R°°¢‘P“-Rﬂ00iI>1‘« of 70ut'!‘0.Iniﬁm°° *5 94=k!¥'W1°d!°4 W P'°P°1' “It was a warm summer evening. The ward—room oﬁieefs.
::’:;i5t§é”fa':1‘;";:’l:’;J‘:1"1Z€‘;: E3 £‘0';:';_°°“°°t7°" have 11°” b°°n pwpeﬂy were just being helped to soup when there was a rush ove M
cam.» G. Smri-1 . STREET & sm|1~u,p.m..,,,.,, ’ , head, followed by a succession of tiny barks. -The oﬁice
 c. surnall“”°P""°"~ J 79-so seventh Avenue. New York city‘. looked up and beheld every one of the skylights overhead
’ V occupied by'a pup reaching over ‘as far as ‘he could get”
his mouth open and his tongue hanging out. ' g ,

“The ﬁrst lieutenant jumﬁed from his seat. * 'At that mg-
ment, as if upon agreed .signal,~Spottycus slipped 'frorn"”-hi _
hold and plunged headlong into‘ the tureen of hot soup. 
;_ - , , , 3 in duty bound, theuothers followed his example, and liq
“If the average Jacky, had his WaY.”'.s_éYS, 3 retired naval .a while, in‘ the midst of sounds of breaking glassware, Fth"

'er,_"‘there is‘ little doubt~that‘the after "rail of his ship thud and splash of falling bodies, and a prolonged’ yelping
 be studded _with parrots, cockatobs, and macaws. squealing, and whining, it fairly rained puppies. e _  
.. ,‘55et5 W°“1d‘S“{a1‘m UP and down th'3.5"anding‘1’i8’gi“8'a “Their next exploit, a day or two" a_fterVward,_w,asV.to fa
hf‘-ll’ P“PPie5 W°“l{1’WmbI° °V¢r'°a°h Qthel 9" "the .,‘l“i.11", " overboard together, being led, as usual, by indomitable4S ll
e_ck:- Cafsiwouldllttel‘ th€‘ﬂ0°1' 0'5 the g3u.'3YZ— and the tycus, whose cheerful disregard of consequences waslrath
W -WOUld—be   Various SpeCleS iof  beast appauing_ ,  ‘were "rescued from a watery -grave: an

‘. P$’-’h3P5. ‘min the, ﬂyln§'.lib b°°*.11 might have its 5 wrapped in hot towels, whence they escaped, only £6 ‘

350“ iﬁithe "5h‘9P',3 Of 3 saucer~eyed £91433-l V V, '.a lot ‘of poisoned ﬁy~paper. They became déathlyisic

fl. 31¢ HWY» h0WeV€f; the S3l1°1"3 Pmpeﬁsitles ‘in this cours¢e,Vand al-1 that night had to be attended to by_ two.

a

on are curbedgby his watchful first“ lieutenant, whose the gﬂicei-S and ‘most of 31¢ crew,
is _s. that of‘ the elynic and ("whose most. peremptory, - i V '
nd,,is.'fi3r Cleanlitiefss. ~   » i , ' ’, . i , , AA “ g“ i_ ’ _ 5
 atyseia is a l?11sy 1'1t:1d,' Evcnigfhig Bouts ioﬁ   “,‘Sl‘lOI'l:ly'\ $fl'.Cl'   Otle oftour ‘steam-frigaﬂ’
‘ustrious ﬁngers are at work mendinghis hammock, Visited theﬁport of Riode .'.T3ti€il’9- ‘He’ Wmlnande ' held
n’ jiiswjacket, making a; new pair, of ltrousers, or yparrotjof which he=;was!inordinately  v “. i  A
g some of the nautical faneywork for .fwhich:he,.a's"fa- ‘ﬁg “Every ‘morning after quarters Polly would  brought
When,:however,rhis cares, are an behind him,’ when iinto the ciabizr and the*‘°1d man’ -would talk to it ‘and sun '
hi gQ_e:5‘.l)0uIliti§,along eleven lcnotslan hour, with .3, its  i ; ~ .=‘~: "3 ‘ 3  "  1‘ ‘  ~= 
reeze on her §§1uarter,.‘ when all is ‘snug _belqw,a{1d 'f‘* ‘:f‘$i:e‘n;ohths’i'conﬁnément on board ship began’ fo‘tel
, %i§dvit’sl Iackls ‘watch below,’ helsits [on a eoi*I—"o,f§rope', "1139 jhirdfé health, ‘So one dais’. it “'35 '5“8€¢5t?d‘ W9 9
lack pine injhis mouth, and; gut-ro'v;>i;A1de;1«',iby.’.§_j1 Qﬁieer that a trig‘ ashore, where itcouldvﬂ
er circ1e,fproeeeds<’to t‘r'ain- his pets;   ,‘   the trees‘ and _eat_its accustomed juicy shoots and tide mxéh "
me, story, in the hairy whi¢ri.’_*iias'tiee“5haiided -stone‘ i1,P5its’ii€n6v'gil€S- Th‘e-_~prppositioni b¢in‘gl,.f' .
rqm generation to _gener‘at-ion~;a ou't1"3n.§1a‘.V.f;§g-§t.;,pgf Vcefived, iprepiarationsa were made, for,.t_he’ _parfOt’$-  '
h I ,or‘z-stz'tu‘ti.oi1z.' will  w§is,‘his»’u‘—§ineg_‘and. iitiyévas putjin aucage, whichkvas enveloped in '
‘wf¢~nl;’ dn"board7¥tlieKQld Irons'dies"‘hef‘rna_de .7=LiI1d_ $1,“: " Whqle [conﬁded to; the _carefofV\t,he
“ A  '_:,cah.inA,stew'ard;,  ‘I  1 _ g  .  i‘
' _ ;‘7_Now, git ap"p_ears' that theesteward,ra‘the

 ;_i}isolent, “was anything huupopula ‘
‘ h i ho

,_a= ski ;y7=I=. fir;

  
  
  
   
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  

.-go

reached out his open‘ hands to save himself from falling,’
and, with a last feeble, despairing squawk, Polly, the"bag,
and the cage disappeared beneath the boisterous waves.

_ "‘Next morning the commanding ofﬁcer said to the

‘steward: '

“ ‘How is Polly getting on?’ i

“ ‘Fine, sir,’ replied the mendacious steward. ‘She enjoys
every minute of the time an’ she’s ‘getting fat already.’
“Substantially the same conversation occurred between the

 -'bird must return. In vain did the. steward argue that she
_ /was doing so well that it, was a pity to remove her. The
 comn'1‘ander,"howevex-., insisted that he was anxious to have
7 her again. i
“This put the stewardin an awful plight.

 

The man re-

d morethan a dozen thick—headed stewards.’ , . V
"At last an idea entered the head of the perﬁdious stew-
ji ard. He went ashore and procizred from a bird—fancier
V ‘ha parrot and cage that closely resembled those he had lost.
* He returned in good time with his purchase, and took it into
at the cabinthe next day. , ‘ _ 2‘
g “The commanding oﬁicer was overjoyed to see his Roman-
"‘»\beal-zed friend once more, and at once began to overwhelm
’_i it with endearing epithets, butpin place of its usual ready
iilow of; conversation the bird maintained an impassive si-
‘flience. Just as. the ‘old man’ was beginning to fear that it‘
ii“ ‘had caught cold and.lost its voice, the bird rufﬂed up its
feathers, made its eyes very red, and began a long and pro-
 fane harangue in ﬂuent Portuguese. _ 7
 ,“‘The commanding officer, in a high state of excitement,
T -at once sent fix’ his first lieutenant. ' _ ‘
 .‘.‘ ‘Look here, Mr. Bolles,’ said he, when that officer ar-
 rived, ‘didn’t I tell you that this was the most remarkable
bird alive? It has been ashore only a week, and it has
 learned to talk Portuguese like a native!’ ,

_ “The truth came out later, and it went very hard with.
 the steward.” »

kg

 

Far. up in the mountains of Ceylon there is a spider that
"spins. a web like bright yellowish silk, the central snct of
p which is ﬁve feet in diameter, while the supporting lines, or
3‘ guys, as they are called, measure sometimes ten ortwelve
defect. ‘Riding quickly in the early morning, you may dash
right into it, the stout threads twining round your face like
aixlaceyveil, while, as the creature who has woven it takes
.up_“his'position in the middle, he generally catches you right ,
iongfthe nose, and, though he seldom bites or stings, the
/contact of his large body and longilegs is anything but
‘pleasant. you forget y,o_urse1f,and try" to catch him, bite’
‘- ‘heﬁwill, and, though not venomous, his jaws are as powerful
‘as, a bird’s beak, and you are not likely to forget the en-*
counter. a » ’ V .- ‘ “ '
‘The bodies of these spiders are very handsomely deco-
grated, ‘being’ bright gold or scarlet underneath, while.the
‘pert part is covered with-‘themost delicate‘ slate-colored
1-.‘ So strong are the webs, that birds the size” of larks are
T T ‘sylcafught the

  

  
  
  
  

  
 
  
 

rnsvv NICKSV CARTER wsE1<1.v.i

, fortunate captive.

commanding ofﬁcer and his steward every day- for a week, 7
and at the end of that-time the ‘old man’ declared that the '

~: membered that the commander had said that be valued Polly; , , .
‘ ' faintest trail where a snake had zigzagged through the

‘ track‘ as unerringly as any bloodhound.

‘it; and, having followed them. to their -lair,Z__h'e pit"

icormdrantf for‘this purpose, generally called 

 
  
 

ii“

 
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
    
  

ing for his «prey, with-’his legs stretched out,,fully six inche
—-striding across the middle of the net, and noted the-ra‘ '
manner in which he winds his stout threads round the uni--'
He usually throws the coils about the head untitlfthe
wretched victim is ﬁrst blinded. and then choked. Ini man
unfrequented dark nooks oﬁtthe jungle you come acrossmo
perfect skeletons of small birds caught in theseter "b
snares. “ i S

 

VVhen the Australian aborigine, or black fellow, is pus
and can ﬁnd no other game, he catches lizards,‘ snake
iguanas, and kangaroo rats, the wiliest and most agile of 2:;
wild animals, on their own ground, and amid ,surro'unding
favorable to their concealment, by simply exercising 
faculties of a superior wild ani al. ’ . '. ,

With those wonderful brown ‘eyesof his, he can’ se .

moss and leaves, or /the slightest footmark where an_,ig
hadyﬁed from his approach to its refuge» in ‘a hollow
When daylight fails him, and the dews of evening beg
fall, his broad nostrils take up the chase, and, ‘stoop
down among the bushes, with a tough; forked stick vi
handto support him‘ in his tiring attitude, he follow

When he runs a snake to earth, if he cannot surpr
in the open and kill it by‘a sudden blow of his ,sti_.c’
squats over its hole, holding the ‘forked end of his T
downward, and makes a low hissing or whistling soun
his lips. ‘ >"' , i /

Soon the snake puts his head out of the hole .a
round. In an instant“ the forked stick descends and ﬁx
to the ground by. the neck, and theblack fellow, s
ﬁrmly with his muscular hands just behind the he i
it cannot bite him, drags it out of the hole and
head off ; or, if it is too strongfor that, pounds it‘
ground ‘till its back is broken.   "

So with the iguanas and all the other animals.
black fellow never loses their trail when on‘ce.he"

    
  

  
   

awaits until they come out, or until’ he is able to
in and pull them out. A .   
T The black fellows declare, and probablyiwith _'
not a,single animal can escape them, if theyxhave
hunt a piece of desert country thoroughly.  n th
to return to camp, they can follow 'their_ow_n
with the greatest ease, but they say fthey, ,
their own‘trail by scent [at 'all. It has,no' ,..sce1,1l:f
though another man’s has strong scent. , ’ '  pi _,

This is. one of the_.most curious facts tconnected. wi‘
strange people; but it is only in accordgwitlrwel
natural phenomena. ~ “ is “ ~ 

   
     
  
 

  
   
     
  
     
     

 

The most singular or all thepmodes of care F
China is that of training andfemployingia larg, Sp

    
 

  
   
  
    
  

Cormorant.» These are certainlgwonderfuljbird

  

 1;

 , ,He"_‘ha1tedy aV gn¢:r§éi;t,E fheﬁi gnutteririge “Bid . F1

ed ‘ cjizt  thefybbatsy by,

‘a'sters[si;9Ltteered’ themséIvesL6ve'rM;the ca at, ‘and be-V ;

'1oo1A‘<‘ for“ ﬁsh. They havyel‘ a i,bea‘utifi11'Se‘a—gre
c as"‘1ight'ning~, they see’ aLnd..dive,fV.up‘Qn“

ibe} Whiéh‘,e once caug-‘,rfitV' theyshlarp,’ n<5tched"bi1lVof the .
d, [never by any possibility can escape.J T he co:mor_ant-
 ﬁsesj to_tl1e surface, *‘withv the Vyﬁsh in its 'bi11,“aﬁd[ Hie,
oment he i§ Vseen byxthe Ch“in,ama;n,-ihe is’caiI’ed back} tbi

e eicrat. {;,AVs "docile as‘ 21 deg, he ‘swims’ after [his master,
alldws hitnselfyto -be;pu_lyled, into ,the':'boatVY, vwfhere he dis}
S‘ his prey’, Vand a,gain*res,umeS ﬁislaboxfs,’ Aqld what

'oré:won1derf1J11_ .‘ts_ti‘1IV,, if! one: of the cogmqrants gets Hqld,
?ﬁsh?of,?a,largfe;’syize, so Iargee that he {would have esome

.

‘,th§yﬁ§hy,aﬂd hauylfitf,  ytloftihe boait,   V V

 one.-Qf.theA—vyQma_n?.§ hands in both hisjowyn.

j;1‘ooking at the woman’s face’.

;1n"fakii1g it/iyltbﬁhe boatjsome of the otlgeré, sx,eei.ngt.

V emmg, ,h'asten7tO hie Massistaneeiy and with"t'hei'1*’i1:nite'c1. home , _

°c'h'1*ashing’the boy ag’ir172’Khe pushed‘ the’ doc; Vwide Q
andCIooked<in.  : L f .  L W ‘ A V‘ "-  ~ M
V On afrough ‘bunk in a corner ofthe cabinlay awe

4 yan’s form, ha1f—covered witha eragged’ blanket, and beside

it knelt 3 tawny—h_eaded(boy some ﬁve oz-_ six years of ag

with white, scared face, moaning anzicarying, agd _£o1_1d1ing

’ ’f“W1iat’;5,‘V3"they atter, Bud?” asked Jack, in;gtﬂ1¥’

not unIéind1y,.‘tones.e‘ ‘flgﬂie 01d "\iv6ri1§."ri"d'r‘iu:iL'I(‘?”be" A
.“N—-—r1o,” ’seobbed_‘theV child; “she ain’t drunk*’nov‘v——

she’s;dead,*she is.” " j _ A c _ W -   ; V’
“‘Dead!” exclaimed ]a,ck,estridying up to-the bunk and

‘ Yés; ‘Bid Fiyh "wasf dead’, and My heat Her; -1116“

“ lay the cause of both her ’mise”rab1e.deathuandeﬂfe 1'
"=and degradation‘ L of her  1ifey_-—e-a ‘jhalfr

V mptiedh

V A; Q: As _'fa<_:k’syglaneeytobkiiﬁithe  ﬁre din
V M ;,    v , _; ,[   andyrestede at last on theyechiid, his ovv,‘n’past~hfey 11
nyeytxmes been taught _t0_pe1'fo_rm trxeks, and  V ‘
L .1111, and,

ed up befoére him; with ya: fviviede }:_i:dequshes_,s th
furningehis face _away,'he1seid, ;n 0

 Jthaifnfhe’ hyaed/.used_ for years: 7 L 

“rd; arose’ mi: tuqk 11is:zott§$.ttet¢h.yA Ahan.
V Jaték c1o¢.e,d the doov ‘ L ’
ydythem , V y; 7

ent Justlfeeord V
ithjerto» worfh1yesse:e2}:istence.«I;  , y 7

Next‘d B1ddy‘F1yn?s mortal remain  We“ref at

lefygrav. Mardaon‘theyhillsideg i’ " Q _

(The "him 7 was the yonlyamomfner, and as the little we
an yedwme  he‘:-. sta;rtIing°.~quie‘sti 11:
‘‘What’s to become of .the; P
V ‘Tvey ihaught [of Cthat,’.’“ éa’

ehaind.-‘ “Tm gain’ to‘a?ddpty‘hi“rv;n

* ' yymeyburyatyten idn ‘V L

’ar;1djsa~,id b .‘
« tﬁisychy

 “Never mind, Bud, what they think,” said Jack one

I i‘l“dVay. w“We know an’ they don’t. We don’t*want ’em to
know, either,'_’,an’, if they ask you questions, Jest shake

7!)

your head an’ say nqthin . -

“I’l1 tell ’em it ain"t so, dad, if they ask me about the
nugget.” \ " '
“What’s that?” said Jack, straightening up. “Do you

mean you’d lie about it P” V . a V
:f‘We1l, what of it?” asked the boy, looking him fear-
lessly in the face. “They ain’t no’ right to _know.”

k 4 “See, here, Bud,” said Jack, throwing down his shovel
and taking a seat on the bank beside the boy, “,.a liar’s
worse than a thief.” '

“Why?” asked Bud." .
‘.‘Because,”»answered Jack, in his most impressive tone
and manner, “a liar is always a coward, an’ a coward’s

_. I the most contemptible thing on earth. Don’t you never

V,

A and in

 ways remember that.

tell no lies, Bud, as long as you want to be my boy. A1-
A liar’s always"a coward, an’ I
won’t have no coward for my boy.”
‘‘All right, dad,” said Bud, “I’ll remember that.”
*And Jack went back to work and thought no more

 V about it.

. _Autumn had come, and there was an unusual quantity
to of water in the Gulch.

  Jack Bolton, in order to take advantage of this fact,

'”.ha.d postponed his .trip=to the valley, with the contents

of several shot-bags, although the fact that, those same V
 bags were growing so numerous and heavy, with the re-
’ sults of his industry made him feel a little uneasy some-

times toleave them in his shanty unguarded.
A One night he left work earlier than usual, and, as he
came in sight of a big cedar—tree, about half—way down
to the‘ cabin,'_he was surprised to see no sign of the boy,
A, for this was the place Bud usually waited to meet him
‘on the road home. _, ’ * .
‘ Presently, when he reached the tree, he saw some-

 thing which caused him to halt. -

_ The bodylof Benny Rogers, one of the most respectable
’ inhabitants ofithe Gulch, was lying on the ground he-

" neath ‘the tree, a gaping wound in his head, from which
..the warm blood was still ﬂowing, and which had evi-
V‘ dently been inflicted with a small ax lying close by.

Near by, also, lay a cocked riﬂe, the muzzle pointed
npgthe trail in the direction of Jack’s claim. I. ‘ I

“jack soon satisﬁed himself the rnan was dead, and
’ wentistraight on to the camp, where he notiﬁed» some

3 io’£_the friends of the dead man of what» he had seen.

"A cr ‘wd of them were soon on the way to the spot,
3 short time returned to the camp with the body.

(Jack, standing at the door of his cabin as tlieyvpastsed,

» _ noticed that not one of them looked toward him, or spoke
» aword, and wondered atVit.

«Bud turned‘ white at the sight, and ducked back into

7’ the cabin. ‘I i ,.

‘ Jack wondered still more when, about an hour later, he

saw the same crowd of men coming slowly up the slope.

“ toward his shanty. .

‘ 1‘ In a few moments the men had halted in front of ]ack’s

door, and one of them, stepping forward,’ said: ,. ‘~:
,“Jack Bolton, step out here an’ give us a hearin’.”

“A heari"n’?” repeated Jack, “What do you ‘want, it

.hearinTV’about P” and the stepped out, to be instantly sur-

ed; then his hands were ,VtiecVl,‘._and ago rope was

” gown aroundhlis neck; . ~
 ' "I ‘ " _

V him.

 I  NIICKIAII c.tmR 

‘.‘What does_ all this mean ?”. asked ack oﬁercely,
he hadrecovered somewhat from his:s+urprise.i   s V ,
“First, tell us if you know this t'ool‘,fi said the lea V
of the men, holding out a small ax smeared, with bio‘ d;

twhich Jack remembered to have seen lying by ‘B flﬂy“

Rogers’ body under the big cedar. - 
Jack looked at the instrument closely
shade paler, and answered: Q . . V V
“Know. it? Of course I do. It’s mine. r Th'er"e.a -
another, one like it in the camp, for I bought it down
at the settlement for the ho ‘to use.”“ I» » _i J A V
“Jack Bolton,” resurned the leader, “thisis thet
that killed BennysRogers; you own it’s’ yours. -,M‘eb_,
you can tell us who used it last?” ' g V . V V.
“I can’t tell youithat,” answered Jack, ,“fo,riI cIVon
know.” / ' ‘ _ ' I '-
“We believe you do know, and we believe it was ‘yo
We’ll give you three minutes to say your prayersiafo
we hang you.”, A ‘ , ”
At that instant a shrill cry sounded on the air;‘th
little Bud sprang from ‘the cabin door and bounded do

now, turned . a

and into the very center. of thegroup:-IVs

His breast heaved and his face was white, but his
form was erect, his eyes glowed, and his hands we’
tightly clenched. ‘ ~  ' 
, “Dad didn’t do it!” he cried, glancing fearlessly arou

“It was me!” I, ‘ ‘ .  ‘
A murmur of in‘credulity and surprise‘ ran arou
circle. . ‘ _ . . . .

“You! How could you do it P” demanded Jack; in
tonishment. - . I 5 V 7 I I , ; ‘V’

“I’1l tell you how i‘t was, dad,” answered  ..
“You know when I went up to the big tree to .111 t7
last night, I spied a big knot of gum" jest ‘out of
So when I went up.to—night early, I took the axjw

to chop off the gum. *  

“When I got to the tree I. looked up the 'trail, an I

you wasn't comin’ yet, so I jest clumb up toith ’ﬁrst‘—_

with the ax in my hand. , V _ V
"After I got the gum I set therVe a-lookin’ at it
ute, and then, when Ilookecl up again, I see Ben
ers a-comin’ alongup ‘the trail, with a"Iriﬁe.» $0
kept quiet, an’ he sneaked up under the tree.” j /
“Pretty soon I see him go’ downon his kneestca

, an’ cock his riﬂe, an’ aim it up the trail; an’ I looked?
way, too, an’ see you comin,’ along down. ‘

“An’, somehow, I knew it was you he wasga 43‘
shoot, so It jest jdroppedclown lI)€,l1lI‘l(I'l'V1iVl‘l‘I,'(‘ an a*fo‘¥
could turn round, I l1itithim",a clip with ;th'eV .
head, as hard as I could, ‘an’ he tumbled over.

“Then, when Isee t1_1e,blood<runnin", I forgot
at-comin’, an’ jest dropped the ax and run fort

“I wasja-goin”to tell you when on came, but /
on ‘down to ca_mp,:aVn’ then Itho t Pd let”erf1ﬁ V "
themselves. ] ‘ a V s I  7 " A

“That’s all, dad, an’ now theycan hang? me u’
want to; but I ain't _no liar, am.I, dad; non‘ o

either. P’? F .»

A _ moment’s hV—ushl’e11.isued, ‘ then, a hurried:
and, a few minutes later, ]ack'oBolton"‘~was-
&ga'in- A V I  ‘  it 
I ,And, after every one of the would-be 4: er:
shaken hands with that boy of Jack’;sx)';ack ea

boy up in_.his great arm‘s,»and, asthe at ‘e
the ..cabin,lhe whispered}?  j .

"5‘Bud,‘ you’VrVé, the truest, b

   ;546—’—Three Against Fifteen;

THE NICK CARTER WEEKLY

ISSU E D EVERY SATURDAY.

BEAUTIFUL COLORED covensi

No other detective stories are half as interesting as those that ap-

pear in this publication.

Nick Carter .has been all over the wor1d_.and

has had experience with all kinds of criminals.
That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s‘interest from cover. to

cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make—up——he_does notneed it

——he uses his wits. Do not fail to get the latest numbers from your

newsdealer.

PRICEFIVE CENTS PER copv

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE TTHE _LATEST TICISLES:

542—Black Madge’s Hobo Gang; or, Nick Carter and
the Y eggman Queen. ‘

.543—BlacPl< Madge’s Vengeance; or, Nick Carter’s Crafty

oe. .

544-——A Tragedy of the Footlights; or, Nick Carter and
the Temple of Vice. .

545-The Maynard Woman’s Double; or, Patsy’s Terriﬁc
Brain Storm. «

or, Patsy’s Splendid

Courage.

547-———A Mystery of Two Passengers; or, Nick Carter

- Prevents a Great Crime.
548—A Dead Man at the Feast; or, Nick\Carter’s Very
Slender Clue.
549—TheV House of Secrets; or, Nick ~Carter’s Midnight
. .1

igi . _

5 5o——The Lost Bank Presidentyor, Nick Carter Takes a
Great Big Chance.

551-Ralph Bolton’s Double Plot; or, Nick Carter’s
Three Assistants at Work.

' 552-:-The Dare-devil Crook; or, Nick Carter Finds a

A Promising Clue.
553-A Mystery From the Klondyke; or, Nick Carter’s
' Double—headed Case.
554———Returned From the Grave; or, Nick Carter’s
‘Legally Dead Client.

‘ 555-——The Mystery Man of 7—Up Ranch; or, Nick Carter

Against the “Brown Chet” Outﬁt.
556—A Bad Man of Montana; or, Nick Carter’s Chase
of an Outlaw. . .- '

5 57—The Man From Arizona; or, Nick Carter Swims to,

Victory. -

558—Kid Curry’s Last Stand; or, Nick Carter inuDan—
gerous Surroundings. ’

559——~A Beautiful Anarchist; or, Nick Carter’s Bravest
Act.

56o—The Nihilist’s Second Move; or, Nick Carter’s I

Timely Interference.
56I——The Brotherhood of Free Russia; or, Nick Carter’s
Beautiful Friend, Olga.
562--A White House Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Case
For The President.
563—The Great Spy System; or, Nick Carter’s Promise
to the President.
564——The Last of Mustushimi; or, Nick Carter’s Nar-
V rowest Escape. ‘
565-Secrets of a Haunted House; or, Nick Carter’s
‘ Fight With a Ghost.

566—A Mystery in India Ink; orr, Nick Carter in Search»

of a Secret.

567—The Plot of the Stantons; or, Nick Carter Prevents
the Theft of a Fortune. _

568——TheC1Criminal Trust; or, Nick Carteris Mysterious

. ient.

569-—-A Syndicate of Crooks; or, Nick Carter’s Great

Prison Plot.‘

570—Tl1e Order of the Python; or, Nick Carter Works

the Third Degree.
57.1-—Tried For His Life; or, Patsy’s Terrible Ordeal.

If you want any back numbers of this publication and cannot procure them from your news-

dealer, they can be obtained from this office direct.

STREET & SMITH, Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue, NEW YORK CITY.

Postage stamps taken the same as money._

I

 

