BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No_  '  6,  Price Scgntg

 ‘rm: saunas;

* ccessagr AN HONEST Bmr

Oobh; din upruua. ﬂouowod in full chase. Th um um ready out. of an
. but lob. mounting an inurvcntng space with his eye. took 5 {lying in
and hndod ably with both font. on tho dock. 

   .VSdldiar':d,Ex¢hangédf Write‘  At ' ‘ Q
PrmtEive§entNo;§g1s;‘0ur 

‘_.
~ o

u
1

  

Iork, N. Y

a, $4.50; Foreltn. $5.00. Dr
red as Becond—(1ass In .
ﬁe Poatvoﬂlee at New York, N. 1.. under the Act of

‘ FEB 2c zézts I‘
Are You in Radio Fan? . Read Pages 24 and 25
FAME AND FORTUNE U EKLY

{ "uned weekly—Snbscrlptlon price, $4-00 Del’ 3011’: Cam“
 ‘ Wﬂlﬂdﬁtrtet. NIW . lhte

lﬂ, Publisher, Inc., 160
at

 

No. 975

NEW YORK, JUNE 6,

   

  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
      
  
   
   
   
   
  
 

ON THE

C 5?.‘ CHAPTER I.—Bob Keane's Ambition.

“I wish I had two hundred dollars,” said Bob
K_eane,‘wistfully, as he and his cousin, Morris
Cobb, stood looking at the following .announce-
ment nosted up side by side with various vendue
, . notices on the bulletin board in the Newtown

;. postofﬁce: ’

I e “For Sale—0n account of the death of William

-Hazen, all the good will and ﬁxtures (consisting
of one two-year-old-sorrel horse, known as Jim
;, Dandy; one set of harness in fair condition, and
 ~one_ four-wheeled wagon in good order) of the
‘- Hazen Express Route. Price, $200. The same
ma be seen at any time by calling on Mrs.
Wlﬁiam

Hazen, Bloomﬁeld.
“What do you want two hundred dollars for?”
{asked Morris, regarding his companion in some

surprise. _
“I'd buy out Hazen’s Express Route,” replied
— = ‘ promptly. _
' ‘ “ ol” exclaimed Morris Cobb, contemptuously.
.m1t:t_”would you do with Hazcn’s ' Express

“I'd run it and make money.”

‘I guess you're crazy. I've heard Hazen
couldn't make the thing pan\out, so how‘could

expect to do anything with it, even ‘If my
ther would let you take hold of it, which he
«wouldn't. I know.”
“'ﬂ'ie reason Hazen didn't make a success out

5 most of his time at the barroorn_ down at

3&9 tavern instead of attending to business. He
- v ' . a his customers, and- put them to all
2 Ab! inconvenience, so that they often had
clear to Bloomﬁeld themselves to get their
; I wouldn’t do business that way if I owned
route. I don't think»Uncle Silas would stop
horn earning a little money on my own _hook.
it badly enough. He hasn't any claim on

. nyway-".
father is your guardian, isn't he 1'" said

he is. He doesn't treat me any too
_at my clothes. Is this a decent suit

.

 

 

   

s OR, 1111-: succsss or AN HONEST 36%

 the route was because he preferred to put‘

 hobo obliged to go around

(I
1924 ¢,*2.‘{:i~,‘:' ice 3 Cents.
? A %
S U AC3?» 9
,v- :9 ?(\
ceaw
(a or’
"°f 
______ ’ 0o, “<3. <9
By A SELF-MADE MAN ‘ Q, <5 9. <1’
—1— 0» e- e
‘ 9° «-
th;lF?ou’ve got a better one. Why dogtaya wear

“I’ve got a Sunday suit, yes. And your mother
wouldn’t get over the shock for a_month if she
saw that on me any week-day except it was a
legal holiday. She'd simply make Rome howl,
and Uncle Silas would back her up, too. I tell
vou, Morris, I’m tired of the way things are, and
I’m going to make a change if I can.”

“Well, supposingyou did start into the express
business, it wouldn’t do you any good. If you
made any money father would take it away from
you. _

“Well, if I make any money by my own efforts
you can bet he won't get hold of a cent of it.”

“How are you going to help yourself '."’

‘f'l‘hat’s my business. I've worked like a slave
for Uncle Silas for a good many years——ever
smce father died. eight, years ago—-and what have
I got for it, and for the five dollars a week he
86123 for my keep? I've got nothing but‘the
short end of everything. Well, I'm sick of it.
I’m sixteen now. and I'm going to stand out for
a square deal. I’m willing to do the right thing
by Uncle Silas if he'll do the same by me. I’d
have no objection to letting him keep any money
I'd make if he'd guarantee to clothe me right,
feed me properly, and not interfere with my
business arrangements. But I'm afraid it isn’t in
him to do that. I've lived eight years in your
family. Ind I've got your father down pretty
ﬁne. _I’m sorry to say, Morris, that I couldn’t
take his word to treat me the way I want to be
treated. because I’m dead sure he wouldn't do it.
Your father is too old to change his ways now.

What's bred in the bone comes out in the ﬂesh. ‘

Your father can't change his disposition no more
than it leopard can his spots. So that's all there
is o 1 .

Bob Keane thrust his hands down deep into.
the pockets of his shabby trousers and strode out
of the general store and post-office. His cousin
Morris followed him as far as the door, and while
Bob continued on up the street he took p(_)SSeS-
sion of one of the chairs on the broad veranda,
where the village loungers congregated at times
and, drawing a pack of cigarettes from _his
pocket. selected one, lit it and proceeded -to enjoy
lii_msel1_.' after the lazy fashion that was habitual

 

  

‘ Newtown was a

 

 
 

‘ ., the was delighted toﬁnd that there was a bean-
H31‘:-ather high-spirited little. mare on

2 ‘ ON THE SQUARE’

There was a mighty difference between those
two boys. Bob was strong, good-looking and en-
dowed with lots of energy and ambition; Morris
was thin, with little real stamina, sallow-com-
plexioned, and handicapped with a constitutional
aversion for anything that looked like work.

Silas Cobb, the uncle and guardian of the one
and father of the other, was a man of economical
principles, to put it in a "Illd way. The villagers
said he was,mean and penurious—in fact, he was
hated and despised by his neighbors and acquain-
tances. When Edward Keane, Bob’s father, died
suddenly eight yearsrbefore. leaving property
worth, after his debts had been paid, $10,000,
and a motherless boy, the probate court favor-
ably considered the application of Silas Cobb, his
brother-in-law to be made the orphan’s guardian.
Silas obtained control of both the property and
the boys, got an allowance of $5 a week for the
lad’s support, and then proceeded to squeeze as
much proﬁt out of the transaction as it was pos-
sible for him to do. As long as Bob's real aunt
livrd she saw to it that her nephew was well-
treated: but she died a year after Bob became an
inmate of Mr. Cobb's home, and a year later
Silas married an old maid, worth a little money,
and almost as parsimonious as Silas Cobb him-
self, and thenceforward Bob found his path hard
and thorny, and even Morris, the old man's son,
found a big difference in things in general,
against which he put up many a strenuous but
not always effectual kick. _

Although Bob Keane had nothing particular
on his hands that morning, he did not stroll up
the street in the easy, careless fashion that most
boys would have assumed under the circum-
stances. On the contrary, he walked smartly
along the tree-shaded Main street, with his head
erect and his eyes bent straight before him.
Everybody in Newtown knew Bob, and not one
but liked the cheery-faced boy. and was glad to
exchange a word or two with him.

As Bob walked up the street his mind was full
of visions of what he thought he would be able
§o accomplish if he could buy out Hazen’s Express

oute.

CHAPTER II.—A Thrilling Rescue. ’

ood-sized village in Ulster
County, New York tote. It was situated per-
haps a mile south of the trolley road which runs
between Highland, on the Hudson River opposite
Poughkeepsie, and New Palz. on the Walkyll
Valley Railroad. Many of the villagers and farm-
ers in the neighborhood added to their income by
taking boarders in the summer. As our story
opens in the early part of June, there were al-
ready a number of city people at the diﬂerent
houses. Among these was». wealthy New York
1: named William Fairchild and his daugh-
'ter Fanny, a charming little miss of fourteen.
They were stopping at the home of a well-to-do
farmer who lived about a mile outside of New-
town.

Fanny 1-‘airchild, being .an only motherless
daughter, was an especial pet of her father, who
‘lavished on her everything that her heart wished
for. When Fanny get settled at Farmer J ordan’s

 

.-

  

stands a good  of_ ‘being ‘ﬁled

the farm, and she insisted on using her upon the
road when she could persuade her father to ac-
company her as an escort, for she was not per-
mitted to go out alone.

On the day that Bob Keane read the “For

Sale" notice of Hazen’s Express Route at the "

village post-oﬁice, Fanny Fairchild and her father
started out on a morning ride along the county
road. They had gone perhaps a quarter of a
mile from the farm-house, in the direction of the
village. when’ a big touring automobile came .
bowling along behind them. The chauﬁeur let I
oﬂ’ a weird and ear-piercing shriek as a warning
to them that he expected undisputed right-of-
way, for the machine was humming along at a
thirty-mile-an-hour clip. The mare and the geld- ‘
ing were both thoroughly startled by the out-
landish toot, and their fright was magniﬁed by
the rush of the red machine as it whizzed by '
them like an arrow from a bow. -
Both animals rose on their haunches, and,
while the horse backed up against the fence. the
little mare, with a snort of terror, dashedoﬂ -
down the road toward Newtown at a pace that i
would have made the famous Tam o’Shanter look
like thirty cents. Fanny was now placed in a
situation of great peril. because the bridle-reins
had become unbuckled from the bit, and she had “
no control whatever over the spirited and terror"-
stricken animal on which she was mounted. She .
could only cling wildly to the side-saddle ‘with.
both hands and let matters take their course. ,
Bob Keene passed along up Main street until”.
he came to its junction with the county road, and ‘
then kept on along the road. He was going to -
call on a particular friend of his named Dan
Griswold. Dan lived on a farm with his parents,

and helped to do his share of the work. A creek 
crossed the road at the beginning of the Griswold "

boundary line, and afterward diverged through 3

the property. <__
Bob and Dan often rowed up and down this ‘;

narrow stream, which emptied in a srnalllako '‘
two miles from the road. The county had built .
a substantial bridge over the creek connecting '~
both ends of the road.’ The day previous. how- .-
ever, a'heavy team, guided by an intoxicated

driver, had smashed into and broken down one of V V

the railings of the bridge, leaving it in a danger-

ous condition. Bob stopped to loolt at the damage, ;. "

the-bridge had sustained. When he started on '

again he heard the rattle of wagon wheels from 

the direction of the village. A moment 

the sharp and rapid click of a horse's hoofs on 7-,.’
the hard road in front of h.im reached his ear; 

“Somebody’s racing down the road at a mighty i-'.
fast clip,”. he muttered. “With a vehicle coming‘ 
this way, if the two parties meet at the 
there is liable_to be a serious mix-up, and 

the railing broken I shouldn't be surprised  5

one of them went over into the creek.’

Bob hurried forward with the intention of  .5 "

ing to warn the horseman, who was 
the bend in the highway. He had hardly gone‘ a

dozen yards before Jordan's little white 2:
‘ with Fanny Fairchild clinging fear-stricken b"

the saddle, came ﬂying into sight, with Lei’
head and tossing mane. ‘
“My gracious!" exclaimed Bob. staring at,
approaching animal and its helpless young ’ -.
“This is a_ clear "case of runaway.  “

   

   

   

   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   

 I must try and stop that horse some-
w.

‘.'l‘o stop a frightened animal coming at you
like a small whirlwind is not a very easy thing
g. do, and no one knew that better than Bob.
‘7~ .ut the risk attending such a feat did not deter
the brave boy in the least. The ﬁrst thing he
did was to tear oﬁ' his jacket, spring into the
‘middle of the road and wave it at the mare. The
animal saw the apparition before it and swerved
' For the moment her speed slackened by
half, and Bob took in nt advantage of the
circumstance to ﬁnake a b at the bridle with
Jlh right hand, at the same time throwing his
leff around the mare’s neck. The animal sprang
‘Jorward and and tried to shake the boy off, drag-
ging him with her clear to the bridge. The
gon, which was approaching from the opposite
direction, reached the bridge at the same time.
Bob, however, succeeded in swinging the mare

~ the hedge and stopping her at the very edge
‘'11; the broken rail.
_.It was an exceedingly narrow escape for
I'an_ny,'whose whitening face and staring eyes
lliowed that she was on the point of fainting.
. soon as Bob had arrested the animal's flight
gf and caught Fanny in his arms as she
“ r ~ sliding out of the saddle. The man driving
wagon had reined in at the center of the
. At that moment Mr. Fairchild "himself
dashing down the road at a high speed in
_ 't of his little girl. He was just in time
witnes the ﬁnal act of the little drama-
sto age of the mare at the end of the
'-a: 'dge by Bob Keane.

AFTER III.—Bob Borrows Two Hundred
" ‘ Dollars,

. .,I"airchild sprang from the saddle and ran
. to his daughter. _ '
on’t be alarmed, sir,” chipped in Bob, reas-
ly. “She’s only fainted. I'll get some
out of the creek below. Better lay her on
‘ grass.” — _
. merchant obeyed the boy’s suggestion and
anny down on the soft turf by the side of
A road, taking her head with its mass of
- ,_ hair, on his knee. Bob climbed down to
M , treek, ﬁlled the top of his soft-crowned hat
‘-‘ ‘ water, and returned to the road. He.held
Qhjle Mr. Fairchild dashed some of the liquid
 child's face and chafed her hands and
- . These simple methods presently brought
_ N, l back to her senses.
ather!” she murmured. ‘Where am I?"
‘ ' her eyes rested on Bob, and instantly
X! relsserted itself. She held out her hand
-A and smiled faintly.
.  remember you as long as I» live," she
'7' ‘ﬁwlmt is your name ‘."’—
b._ /eane, miss.’ » _ _
_ . ’man, you have saved my daughter’:
‘ M ;ispoke up Mr. Fair-child, with considerable
‘ ‘I am very grateful to you.”
nﬂonihnr. I am _ Iwasable
horse. Iknewthebridgewasbroken,
vaaoasnmins this way. too. I was

 look-
., - If ,.

ON‘ THE SQUARE I - I :5

ing down into the creek below with a shudder.
“If the mare had gone off the bridge my daugh-
ter would surely have been killed or drowned.”

“I saw the whole thing, sir,” volunteered the
wagoner. “I must say it wasthe pluckiest act
I ever saw in my life. But it's like Bob Keane
to do just siich a thing. He is the smartest
boy in the vi lage."

“Oh, come now, Fenton, no bouquets, please,".

grinned Bob.

“I am sure I never can thank you enough,
Master Keane,” said Mr. Fairchild, as Fanny sat
up and smiled again at the good-looking boy,
whose bravery had much impressed her, as if
she was not averse to cultivating his acquain-
tance. “I hope you will permit us to know you
better. I and. my daughter are stopping at Mr.
Jordan’s farm, about half a mile from here. We
shall be very glad to have you call on us there
as often’ as you can make it convenient. You
must join with me in this invitation, Fanny." ‘

“Yes, father. You will come, won't you?” she
said sweetly, turning to Bob.

“Yes, miss, if you wish me to. W'ho shall I
ask for?” he asked.

"My name is Fanny Fairchild.
shall we expect to see you?”

“I'll come over in a day or so.”

“Be sure that you do. I shall be on the look-
out for you. Come to-marrow, in the afternoon,
and take tea with us, won’t you 1'’

Bob looked doubtful, although he was anxious
to say yes. .

“You will come, won’t you?” the little miss
persisted, with such a bewitching smile that the
boy said yes and took the engagement.

“Now, young man," said Mr. Fairchild, “I hope
you will allow me to testify my grateful appre-
ciation of your services in a substantial manner.
I owe you more than I could ever repay were
I to give you my entire fortune. I should like

Now, when

to present you with $500 now, simply as a little '

testimonial.”

“No, sir. I cannot accept pay for what I did.
You are both welcome to my services, for I guess
any one would have acted as I did under the
circumstances.”

‘‘I don’t know abo'ut that, Master Keane. It
isn’t everybody that has the nerve, or even the
inclination, to risk personal peril to save an-
other’s life. Now as a favor you'll accept this
money. won't you?" and the’ merchant tendered
Bob a roll of bills. "

Fenton saw the roll of bills oﬁered to Bob
as he remounted his wagon and drove 01?. The
boyahook his head. Then noticing that there
was a big rent in his trousers, he said:

“If You want to get me a new suit of clothes
I'll call it square." .

“I'll buy you a new suit of clothes with great
pleasure; but .you must take the money, too."

“I wouldn't know what to do with $500, sir. ’

Besides. {ﬂy Uncle Silas would take it ‘away from
me. Hes my guardian, and lays claim to all
that belongs to me.”

“You_could take it to Bloomﬁeld and put it in
the savings bank in your own name. A minor
is_permitted to keep_ a savings bank account,”
said the_merchant, evidently anxious to ﬁnd some
way to induce _tha boy to accent the money.

31! mcgitloning the name of
denial reminded Bob at the Huen Route.

6

ﬁeldsud,-=

  

 

4 ' 0l‘_I THE SQUARE

. /

‘which he was so anxious to embark in. Here
was the opportunity for him" to get the necessary
sum to purchase .the goodwill, and “ﬁxtures”
which had been offered for sale by the widow of
the late expressman. He had a strong objection
to accepting any money for saving pretty Fanny
Fairchild from perhaps a fatal ending to her
ride; but he was not averse to borrowing $200
of the amount her father seemed so desirous of
pressing upon him in order to accomplish the-
desire of his heart.

“I'll tell you what I'll do, sir. I'll borrow $200
from you, if you will let me have it that way.
I want to go into the express business between
Highland and Bloomﬁeld. The man who worked
the route died a while ago and his business is
for sale.” .

“But I don't want to lend you $200; I want to
give you $500.”

“I will only borrow $200,” replied Bob, decided-
ly. “That is all I need to set myself up in busi-
ness, and I don't believe in borrowing a cent more
than is necessary.”

“Very well,” replied Mr. Fairchild, yielding the
point, since he saw no other way of getting
around the matter. “I will loan you the $200
you want." '

He handed Bob four $50 bills.

“Thank you. sir. I will bring my note for this

varound to Mr. Jordan's when I call to-marrow

afternoon.” —

“All right; please yourself,” answered the mer-
chant with a smile. “Now, here’s $25 to buy you
a new 'suit‘of clothes. I hope you won't want
to consider that a loan. too.”

“No, sir. I'll accept that as a present, and buy
the clothes as soon as I go to Highland."

The little white mare and the brown gelding
had been nipping the grass by the roadside after
: very contented fashion ever since they had been
left to themselves. Fannv now stepped up to
the mare with the intention of remounting her.

“Papa,” she said, “will you fix the bridle-reins
for me ?”

“I will do that if you like,” said Bob, eager
to be of further service to the lovely little fairy.
Bob reattached the reins in a secure way.

“Shall I help you mount?” he asked. a bit
bashfully.

“Why, of course,” she answered.

She put one foot in the stirrup and the boy

I lifted her into the saddle as gently as he would
_ have handled a baby.

“Thank you," she said, smiling down on him.
“Are you ready, papa?”

“All ready,” answered her father, springing on
the gelding’s back. '

“Good-by, Bob Keane,” ﬁn said, extending her
disengaged hand to him. “And, remember, I
shall expect to see you to-marrow afternoon."

“Good-by, Miss Fanny, I'll be sure to call."

Fanny and her father started their animals at

' a brisk gallop back along the road they had.

come, leaving Bob delighted with the good fortune
which had fallen to him.

-CHAPTER IV.—Bob and His Friend Dan.

Bob stowed thefour $50 bills in one pocket and
the $25; in ‘another, then he kept on up the
till: he came 41  lane which led to,.the

r

 

 

 

_ saw  and called him’ back,

Griswold farmhouse. Dan Griswold was working ‘ ‘
industriously in the strawberry patch, but he
was expecting to see his friend, as_ Bob had prom-
ised to come over to the farm that morning.

“Hello, Dan," exclaimed Bob. “I'll give you
a lift while I’m here if you wish."

“All right. Pitch right in. Anything new in '=
the village?"

“Yes. There's a new baby up at the Hitch- ‘
cock’s. It arrived last night," grinned Bob, as
he began pickingberries. ‘ .

“Any other new thi g?" asked Dan.

“Hazen’s Express Route is for sale.” . _:a‘

“Is that so? Somebody told me Mrs. Hazen
was going to have her nephew carry it on."

“Must have changed her mindffor there’s a
notice in the postofﬁce offering the whole outﬁt‘ ,
for $200." ‘

“INA you know anybody that's going to buy it ?" '

ll 0.”

“Who is it."

“Myself.” ’

“Yourself!” exclaimed Dan, looking hard at his
friend. -

“That’s what I said,” answered Bob, coolly.

“Where do you expect to get 3200'!"

“I've got it already.”

“You -have!” exclaimed Dan in great surprise.

“I have.”

Bob told Dan how Fanny Fairchild’s mount had
run away with her, and how he had fortunately ’
been on hand to save her and that he. had bor-
rowed $200 from her father. Dan grinned when r,
his friend described how pretty the girl was. .

“Going to call on her to-morrow?” he chuckled'._';*"

“I hope so." ' '

“You’re lucky. _ When are you going to Bloom-
ﬁeld to buy the express route?” .

“After dinner." '

At that moment a horn sounded from the back ‘
door of the farmhouse. 

“That means dinner,” said Dan, straightening 
up and looking his satisfaction. “Come along.
and have a square meal. You'll ﬁnd plenty on
our table. Mother expects you.” .,

“All right. I won't deny that I'm hungry. We
had a glass of milk, some very weak porridge, . »
a piece of bread with a little butter, and anticipa-
tions for breakfast." , ~.

“What do you mean by anticipations?" asked
Dan, curiously. -' . 

din- '

    
   
 
  
     
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
   

7

“Anticipations of what we would have for
net," grinned Bob. ,
‘_‘0h!" snickered Dan, picking up one of the tin
pails of berries, while Bob took the other. ' 
Mrs. Griswold welcomed Bob in a hearty way ‘ '
that was positively refreshing to the lad, nude”
Mr. Griswold, when he came in from the ﬁelds.-
had something friendly to say to him, too.
hadn't made any mistake when he said then‘
would be plenty to eat on his mother’s table. .
“Well,” said Bob,_when he and Dan had left — 
the table, “I'll go home now. but on my other;
suit, and go over to Bloomﬁeld." 1
“I wish you luck, Bob,” said Dan, as his friend
started off down the lane. V - . ‘

CHAPTER "V.-—Mr._ Kenwick Shaw.

 went into the house and started to go‘ 
into his room to dress himself, what It. 

   

   
 

  
 

vs-_

 
 

 ON. THE

   

.. “Where have you been all morning 7” he asked,
 with a frown.

 “‘Diﬂ'erent places,” replied Bob. “Most of the
1 time up at the Griswold faiém.” ' ‘
. ‘I s’pose you-had your inner, because if you
h_ain’t you won’t get nothin’ till tea time."
“I had something to eat with the Griswolds.”
“Where are you goin’ now ?”

. _'‘Up to my room.”

 “Put on your good clothes. I want you to go

i, to Highland to meet the 3:40 train. There's a
 man comin’ up to look at the Chadwick farm. I
H .' expect to sell it to him.”

’ Bob couldn’t very well refuse to do his uncle’s
bidding, though he knew it would prevent him
from going to Bloomﬁeld that afternoon to make
the purchase of the express route.

~“Well," he said to himself, as he was donning
his Sunday suit, “I'll go over early in the mom-
ing. I can have my breakfast in Bloomfield.
Uncle Silas will be just as well pleased, for ldll
ﬁve what I would eat, if Morris doesn’t gobble
, it up himself." '

- ". So half an hour later, Bob, having hitched up
leon Bonaparte, Mr. Cobb’s horse, called
“ "ny" for short—a name the‘ villagers thought

P appropriate because he seemed a veritable
j n le of skin and bones——to the rickety wagon,
' e out of the yard and took the country road
or Highland, a village on the West Shore Rail-
"  Bob reached Highland at three o’clock,

-«ind had forty minutes to wait for the New York
 The train came in on time and the boy
 his man by the description furnished
3)?‘ his'uncle. jlis name was Kenwick Shaw.

* "9*’s“~A1fe you the boy that's to take me out to

‘ 3'' he asked, as Bob approached him.

.~;-...Yes, sir. Let me take your grip.”
f"!‘h__lioy carried it out to the wagon and tossed

  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
       

Don’t he
s . 1:?" ‘
ell, sir,” replied Bob, without cracking a
' “his name is Bony, and he likes to live
2to,his name.”
011, liat's it, eh '."' laughed the man. “Pin
n . - say that the name ﬁts him like a new

      
   
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
      
   
   
    

of; always looked this way since‘ I can re-
w - -a ," chuckled Bob.
, fpose you know I've come up to look the
v u farm liver with the idea of buying it,”
sf  xx. Shaw.
 Cobb said.”
“Bo4you‘ live with Mr. Cobb “.7”

Yes, .” _
boy, I suppose '!”
‘No; sir. Mr. Cobb is my uncle and guardian.”
‘ is yoiir name?”

Bob. I rather like yourface: You seem
' t, honest boy.” -— . ~ _

you, sir, for your good opinion."
far have we got to -go?” aske

  

dM'r.

  

SQUARI? -5

three miles to the northwest. and Bloomﬁeld,

four miles or so to the south.” _

“How long have you lived in this vicinity?"

“Ever since I-can remember.”

“Docs Mr. Cobb do any farming?"

“As much as can be expected on a ten-acre
plot." I

“I see. I s'pose you work around the place
when _\'ou’1'e not at school?”

“I did; but I’m not going to do so any more.”

“Going to Work in a store?”

“No, sir. I expect to run an express wagon
route between Bloomﬁeld and Highland.”

“Going to hire out as the driver, eh?" v

“No, sir. I’m going to buy the route and rim
it as m_y own business.”

“You don't say. Think you can make it pay ?”

“I think so or I shouldn’t go into it.”

“I thought you was a pretty clever boy,’.' said
Mr. Shaw, regarding Bob with fresh interest.
“Your uncle must so consider you if he's willing
to start you up in business.”

“He isn’t going to start me.
self."

CHAPTER _VI.—Silas Cobb’s Mysterious Mid-
night Movements. _

Mr. Shaw was rather unpleasantly surprised at
the third-rate appearance of the Cobb home. In
a way it resembled Silas Cobb himself. The
general aspect of the place prepared Mr. Shaw
for what he might expect to see in the real es-
tate agent he had come to do business with, am’
we are bound to say that he was not disap-
pointed! Silas Cobb’s ofﬁce- occupied one of the

lower front room. Over the door was a weather- '

stained sign which read:

SILAS COBB,
Auctioneer-and Real Estate.

Mr. Cobb came out to greet his visitor, wh-um
he-expected to stay all night, though the cos) of
the extra victuals was a severe tax '
economical principles. ’ -

“Step right into -my oﬂice, Mr. Shaw," said Mr’;
Cobb, screwing his countenance into as genial an
expression as it was possible for him to do. “I
can give you all the particulars of the farm _be-
fore we go in to supper.”- ~~ ‘

Mr. Shaw followed his host into his small and
cheerless oﬂice, while Bob drove Bony and the
wagon around into the yard, unhamessed the
faithful, _half-starved animal and led him into
his dilapidated stall. Bob and Bony were great
friends. The horse seemed to realize that the
boy was the only one who took the least interest
in his welfare. Bony would probably have gone

r to the bone heap long ago but for Bob. who by

the greatest ingenuity managed to keep the life
in his attenuated frame by feeding .him on the
sly an extra quantity of, oats. V

Morris Cobb was, for a wonder, making him-

self useful to his stepmother.‘ The sudden inter- -_  

est he displayed in the culinary department was

owing_to the fact that the advent of a visitor .
necessitated the prep7a‘ratio_n of a number of_table. »
delicacies, not often se@n.1n_the Cobb home, and 
" ﬂ!B.:b9Y',3  ' '

-A .,

z‘.in‘int.i¢1'I|Itnin

I'm starting my- _

iipon his

 

  

_his turn to come.

 

 

6 Q -ON THE SQUARE

himself solid with his father’s wife, so that he
might hope to get a little more than his share
of the good things. Bob met him at the well
drawing a pail of water. “

“You seem to have got busy all at once,”
grinned Bob. “What's the matter? Trying to
reduce your ﬂesh?”

Morris laughed slyly, lifted the pail full of
water and went into the kitchen. Bob looked in
through the dining—room window later and saw
he visitor sitting in his (Bob’s) place.

“It looks as if I was going to come in for
the short end again,” said Bob to himself gloom-
ily. “What’s the use of being worth $10,000 if
one has to be half-starved? Well, if they put
it over me in that way to—night I'll go up to Mrs.
Kydd’s and get my supper. It's a good thing I've
got money in my pocket." .

That put Bob in mind of his $225. It suddenly
struck him that it might not» be quite safe for
him to carry that amount in his clothes into the
house. Mr. Cobb had such a keen nose for money
that it was possible e might even smell it upon
his-person. In such an event he wouldn't rest
until he found some way of getting hold of it,
and that would be a dreadful calamity for the
boy. So Bob sat down on the edge of the well
and considered where he had better hide his
money.‘ After some deliberation he decided to
hide it in the barn. Morris hardly ever went in
there, and Mr. Cobb very seloom. Bob therefore
went to the stable and looked around. He found
a loose board in one corner, and under the loose
board he put all his money but a $5 bill. The
$5 he stowed away in his vest.

When Bob entered the kitchen he was not
surprised to hear from Mrs. Cobb that he
wasn't to have his supper until the rest had eaten
theirs. It wasn't pleasant for him to sit on the
doorstep, while the others were enjoying a good
supper in the little ‘dining-room, for Bob was
hungry, in spite of the good dinner he had had
at the Griswold farm. But the boy didn't kick,
for it wasn't his nature to revolt at. what he
couldn’t change, and so he waited patiently for
When he was called inside
the table looked as if it had been struck by a
c.vcl9ne~

‘However, he found that by some good luck
all the eatables had not disappeared, and that
enough remained tosatisfy his appetite. Morris
was evidently disappointed that Bob really got
a fair share of the provender, for he had. been
counting on seeing his cousin go half supper-
less to bed. Mr. Cobb carried a pair of c irs
outside in front of the house, and there he and
his guest sat and smoked and talked about the
Chadwick property and. other matters until the
clock inside struck nine, and then the real estate
man hinted that it was time to retire for the‘
night. Mr. Shaw ‘was shown to a room occupied
jointly by Bob and Morris. Morris’ bed, being
the better of the two, was allotted to the visitor
while its customary occupant had to turn in
with his cousin.

Mr. Shaw had wondered why room hadn’t been
made_ at the supper table for Bob. He sized up

and the estimate he formed of his char-
y ﬂattering. However,

the ' iroplnats vary  least

advantage of the situation. Mr. Shaw had
brought several hundred dollars with him to
pay down on the contract if the Chadwick farm-
suited ‘him. He had three $100 bills and four
$50 bills. He counted this as he sat on the edge
of the bed,to see if it was all right. . 5
Morris watched him turn over the ends of the 
bills one by one, and the figures thereon inter— _I
ested him greatly. Mr. Shaw divided the money,
putting the three big bills in one pocket of his
vest, and the four lesser bills in another. Then
he ﬁnished disrobing and went to bed, after
bloiging out the lamp as he had been requested
to 0. ‘
A couple of hours later Silas Cobb entered the "
room softly in his stocking feet and listened ’_'
intently to the breathing of the three sleepers. ,
Whatever his business was there he did not strike
a light, and he moved about as noiselessly as a -
shadow. Finally he uttered a grunt of satisfac- ‘
' and left the room as softly as he had en- .
tered it. Daylight was ﬂittering through the ,
window panes when Bob awoke. .
He jumped out of bed and started to dress. a
He noticed a pair of trousers on the ﬂoor near
the head of the bed. , Picking them up, he found.‘
it was not his own, but was Morris’, so he threw _
it on top of the rest of his cousin's clothes, ﬁn: ‘
ished dressmz himself in his best suit, and then .
left the room without disturbing the other sleep-
ers. He went to the barn, got his money from 
the place where he had concealed it and then '
started oﬁ' on foot for Bloomﬁeld. _ ;

 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
    
 

CHAPTER VII.—'l-‘he Missing Money.

~.«»ﬁ_

It was about six o'clock when Morris wob up. ‘
He hurriedly dressed himself and left the housé,‘
making a bee-line for the’ back of the barn. Look-
ing carefully around to "see that he was quite 1
alone, he thrust his hand into the right pocket-' '
of his trousers. He withdrew it with a dir ,.
appointed look, and then dived into the other '

ket. A look of blank amazement came overl».
' features. Whatever he had expected to ﬁnd "
was not there. He. went through both pockets s.
once more with the seine result, and then he
sat down‘ on the ground with a look on his face
that would have led an observer to suppose he
had just lost his only friend on earth. It way‘
about this time that Mr. Shaw turned over-in:
bed, opened his eyes and discovered that it was
morning. He looked at his watch and saw that‘
it was twenty minutes of seven. . ~,“

“Time to_get up, I guess,” he said to himsdf
as he put his feet out on the floor. . _'

He dressed himself leisurely. After be but on.
his vest he mechanically put his hands into the
pockets in which he had deposited his two rolls
of bills. The $300 wad was there all right, lint
the four. $50 bills were missing.

“That's funny,” he remarked. “I must 
dropped them on the _ﬂoor last night when‘;
thought I placed _them in my pocket."  ?

So he looked around the rag carpet for sonﬁ
trace of the bills. There was no sign of 
anywhere, though he shook out the bod-d’
under the supposition that they might
lodged an the /coverlet. Then he search_ad,,.ﬁ «

7151

I.

  

       

.4

. x«.-,

  

     
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
   
    
  
   
   
  
 
    
  
   
  
   
 
    
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  

ONTHE

“"l'h_e money evidently is gone,” he said, with
“lg frown. “I wonder if that young Cobb could
e stolen it during the night? I saw him look-
at me while I was counting it. This matter
, have to be investigated, for I can't afford
« lose $200.”
‘He completed his toilet, went downstairs, found
: ‘ Cobb in his office writing and reported his

' What’s that?" exclaimed the auctioneer, look-
ing up in a startled way. “You say that $200
 taken from your vest pocket during the
t . ”
’ “That’s just» what I mean to say, sir," replied
_visitor brusquely. “I brought up’ $500 with
-to pay down on the contract if my inspection
_ the Chadwick farm proved satisfactory. Last
~ght as I was undressing I counted the money
. see if it was all right, and found that it as.
*."separated it into two parts, placing the t ree
90 bills in one pocket and the four $50 bills
another. This morning I found that the four
~ had vanished during the night.”
ﬁg, r. Cobb looked very much disturbed. The
 of his right hand twitched as he drummed
{with them nervously no his desk.
“That:-is——most distressing news," said the
cuqtioneer, in an agitated voice. ' .
t is certainly not pleasant for me," replied
- Shaw decidedly. “I haven’t so much money
I can afford to lose $200.”
hope you don’t think that I or any member
» - inv family took your money?” said Mr. Cobb
‘ - 'ly, as he got up from his chair with the
'on of going to the chamber and searching
the lost bills.
I have accused no one in particular of taking
as yet,’ replied the visi_tor._ -
sjhﬁ Cobb requested his visitor to follow him
' ° - to the room where he slept the preceding
t. They both made a thorough search of
"room. but their efforts availed nothing toward
’ ~- 2 the missing bills to light.
can't imagine how you could. have‘ lost
money. You are sure that you placed those
ix. your vest pocket?” said Mr. Cobb, plac-
an emphasis on the word vest.
am positive that I did,”,replied Mr. Shaw.
al_1y’event, they are not in any pocket of my.

=- they were talking Mrs. Cobb went to the
to call them to breakfast. “Not ﬁnding them
’ and hearing their voices up in the chamber,
-climbed the stairway to inform them that
morning meal was ready. Her sharp eyes
.‘that something was wrong.
, t’s the trouble ?" she asked curiously.

.-' ‘husband told her that Mr. Shaw had lost
his money during the night.
. oodness’ sake!" she ejaculated. “I hope
, think that you stole his money, Silas."
’t accused your husband, madam,”-re-

visitor. _ ,

-- _ strange, Martha, that his money
ve gone.” said her husband. '
Cobb asked Mr. Shaw'the same questions
- had alreadv propounded to him and
- .-lame answers. . V ~‘ . ,
Bob this morning?” asked the

. .. .- :' ’  ’ 4 _ K ,

and distur .

SQUARE

'haven’t seen nothin’ of him since. It ain't usral

forlhim to get up so early,” she added, suspici-
ous y.

She went over to where the boy’s clothes were
hung on the wall. /

“Why,” she exclaimed, with a sort of acid sur-
prise, “if he ain't dressed himself in his best
suit. What does that mean?”

“It means- he’s gone visitin’, I s’pose," grunted
Silas Cobb.

’ “Gone visitin’ at, half-past four in the momin’!
Fiddle-de-dee! It’s my idee he’s gone for good. ,
He’s been threatenin’ to do somethin’ desprit for

a month past.”

“Why should the boy run away?” asked Mr.
dSh’aw, in some surprise. “This is his home, isn't
t . " .

“Of course it's his home,” snapped Mrs. Cobb.
“And we’ve treated him jest the same as if he
was our own son, hain’t we, Silas?”

. Her husband backed up her statement.

“Then I don’t see why you should think he has ‘
run away just because he put on his best suit
this morning and went out unusually early," said
the visitor. '

“Because I’ve suspicioned he meant to do some-
thin‘ like that. He hain’t been no goodabout
the place for over a month. I couldn't get him to
do nothin’. He's got to be a lazy, good-for-
nothin’ boy, that’s what he has," said the lady
spitefully. ,

“He didn’t look like a lazy boy to me»-quite
the opposite. In fact, I don’t think that I ever
saw a brighter and smarter appearing lad,” re-
plied Mr. Shaw, who was clearly prepossessed in
Bob's favor.

“That’s because you don’t know him,” snorted
Mrs. Cobb, tossing her. head. ‘

“I’m not far wrong in my first estimate of a
boy,” replied the visitor, ﬁrmly but polite y.

“Huh!” she sniffed. “It's my opinion Bob

-Keane saw you countin’ your money last night,

and noticin’ that there was a lot of it he waited
till you was asleep, got upgand helped himself
to a_ share of_ it. Then he laid his plans for
leavm’ at daylight afore any of us was up. He
wouldn’t have put on his best clothes if some-
thin’_ wasn't in the wind. You can’t tell me
noth1n' about that boy. I've always suspicioned
he was a sly one, and now Pm sure of it,” and
the lady nodded her head emphatically.

“There’s no more reason for accusing this boy.
Bob of taking _my money than of suspecting your
stepson who also slept in this room, and whom
 watching me when I was counting the

x s.

“The idea! Just as if Morris would think of
takin’ your money? exclaimed Mrs. Cobb in-
dlgnantly. “Morris is a good boy. Silas!”
5113191)‘. “Why don’t you defend your son?”_ -—

—Mr_. Cobb hastened to assure his visitor that
Morris was one of the best boys in the county,
and that stealing money was not in his line.

‘ “I beg your pardon,” replied Hr. Shaw hastily,
seeing that he had stirred up a hornet’s nest. “I
did not intimate that I thought your son had ,
robbed me." _ .

“I think we had better go to brealgfast,’ sug—.
gested the. real estate man, who looked anxious! .-

bed _‘.‘We can look intathe matter «

afterward.” . . >’\
 ‘- >15; .

 

  

 

 

\

  

“The things will be stone cold, if they hain’t
already.” _
Accordingly Mr. Cobb led the way downstairs
to the dining-room, where the lady of the house
hastened to dish up a round-steak, with fried
potatoes and hot biscuits. She called Morris, who
appeared to be in a disconsolate humor, and
then the four sat down to the morning meal.

CHAPTER VIII.—-In Which It is Decided That‘
Bob Keane Is A Thief.

Although nothing was said at the table about '
the theft of the $200, nevertheless Silas Cobb was
doing some tall thinking on the subject. If his
visitor had really lost that sum of money, and
there seemed to be little doubt but he had,
he was satisﬁed that Bob was the person who
had surreptitiously taken the four bills soon

.- after the man had gone to sleep. Why was Mr.
Cobb so certain in his own mind that his nephew
was the guilty party? Let us explain. On the
‘preceding afternoon, while Bob was at Hilands
awaiting the arrival of the 3:40 train from
New York, Mr. Cobb met Fenton, the wagoner.
Fenton told him how he had seen Bob, at the risk
of his life, rescue the little daughter of an early
summer boarder at Jordan's. named Fairchild,
from almost certain death, and that he had seen
the grateful father tenderthe boy a roll of bills.

“Bob didn’t seem inclined to take the money,
as I drove off," Fenton said. “I thought he was
a fool, but it wasn’t any of my business."

“But he might have taken it after you left,"
said Silas Cobb eagerly.

“That's true. He might have done so.
you seen him since morning?”

“Yes; but he didn't say nothin’ to me about
havin’ a roll of money.”

“Maybe he’ didn't want you to know anything
about it.” -

“He hain’t got no right to .keep such a thing
to himself. If he has a roll of money in his pos-
session I have a right to know it. I’m his
guardian, and the law says I must take care of
all his property. I’m goin’ to speak to him
about it to-night.”

It happened, however, that Mr. Cobb, being
fully engaged with his visitor, found no chance
to talk to his nephew on the subject. He did not
forget the matter, though. Several times he
asked himself if Bob really did get a roll of
money from the grateful gentleman, and if so
how much did it amount to. It must be con-
siderable-—probably as much as $100. _

Finally Silas Cobb decided that he would wait
till after Bob, his son and his guest had gone
to bed and had had time to get to sleep. Then
he meant to softly up to the chamber and
search Bob’: othes for the money, which he
more than ever believed he had. But there were
forces at work that Mr. Cobb never dreamed of.

Mr. Shaw was counting his money he
noticed that Morris Cobb’s eyes were on him.
He thought little of the matter and in due time
dropped asleep. Morris, however, didn't ‘go to

« sleep as soon as he naturally would have done.

The sight of so much money in the visitor's vest

interacted him greatly. He needed money badly
himself, for his father‘ seldom gave him a cunt.

4; ~ * 3 , ~- . . V 1 ,

Have

   

ON THE ‘SQUARE

  

 

and when he did it came from him like the draw-

. ing of a back tooth. Here was a chanceto get

a good sum. and he thought without suspicion
attaching to himself, for he meant to get up be-
fore the visitor awoke and hide the money. So,
with this purpose in his mind, he waited for an
hour listening to the m_an’s deep breathing while
he was trying to summon up enough courage
to steal the bills.

At last he got out of bed, crawled softly to the
visitor's bed, and as he had carefully noted where
Mr. Shaw had hung his vest, he inserted his
ﬁngers into one of the pockets, felt the bills
and hastily drew them out. He had no idea
how much the notes amounted to, nor did he
care, but he‘cruessed they represented a sum sum-
cient for his needs. He returned to the bed, .-
thrust them hastily into one of his trousers ,9
pockets, and after a while fell asleep. 4’

Fifteen minutes afterward Silas Cobb came into _
the room like a shadow. He went directly to the ‘
boy's bed, and taking up Bob's trousers searched
them without success. Then he thought maybe
he had hold of his son's trousers by mistake, so
he took up Morris’ pants, and going through them
his talon-like ﬁngers closed on the bills. With
a grunt of satisfaction, he threw down the 7
trousers and left the room. When he got to his '
own room he examined the bills and saw there
gvege four of them, each of the denomination of,

5 .
“So this is what he got from that Mr. Fai!'- '7
child, eh ?" he muttered grimly. “Well, I guess
I_can take care of them better than be. I'll tell
him to-morrow that I’ve got ’em. and that when '
he gets to be twenty-one, if he lives so long, he ';
can have ’em back." I _."""

With this comfortable reﬂection, Mr. Cobb turn— 
ed in for the night. In the morning when Morris
rushed behind the barn to count his ill-gotten,
money he was astonished to discover that the I
bills he had stolen had taken ﬂight during the/"
night. At ﬁrst he couldn't account for the mys-
tery, but not seeing Bob anywhere about the
premises, he came to the conclusion that Bob
had not been asleep when he took the money; ,
that he had seen him do the deed, and then foxily "
waited for him (Morris) to get asleep, when he "
had abstracted the money for himself.

“That's why he got up before me,” snarled
Morris furiously. “He knows I won’t dare to
squeal. Oh, the villain! I’d like to kill him!‘

As matters stood, it was clearly up to Mr. «L.
Cobb to make an explanation of the circumstances 
as he saw them, and restore the $200 to Mt.’
Shaw. There were two reasons, however, why ‘El
Silas Cobb hesitated to clear up the mystery-:-—' ~
the first was_that he was ashamed to acknowl- ‘€-
edge to his visitor that he was mean enough to
creep upstairs in the dead of night and go
through his nephew’s clothes in order to deprive,
the boy of money which he supposed he had earth ,
ed at the risk of his life; the second was that ,.'~
Mr. Cobb, who loved, money better than an ' 
else in this world, was sorely tempted to e J
vantage of the mix-up to return the $200 
quest1on,_ for he hated to give up a dollar onﬂ,
he got his ﬁngers on it. i ‘

 

  
  

guest adjourned to the ofﬁce. Therewas cg
thin Mr. Cobb wanted to know before 15  ,

dcci whether he would hold

w.

ontotlisl

an

   

   

    
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
    
    
    
   
  
  

on THE

f c
‘Pointing to a chair, he cleared his throat and
asked the gentleman if he thought, he
"would be able to recognize the missing bills if
. he saw them again.
.‘ “Yes, sir,” replied Mr. Shaw promptly. “The
/four bills were ‘all issued by the same bank—
 Manhattan National of New York City, and
_I have their numbers in my memorandum book.
~ That is a precaution I always take when carry-
ing bil1s'of large denominations around with me.”
This reply seemed -to disconcert Silas Cobb.
. and for a moment or two he said nothing and
drummed, nervously on his desk. ’
‘It is very strange my nephew should absent
' If in such a mysterious way.” he said pres-
rently. “I'm afraid " .
‘A .7 At that moment Mrs. Cobb burst into the oﬁice
_in a triumphant manner. ,
 /“What did I tell you‘? I know..’d Bob Keane
._‘took that money. Come in here, Morris, and tell
your father what Bob said to you in the post-
eﬁce yesterday mornin’.”
glﬁorris, who was at his&stepmother’s heels,
came forward and told his story. He said that
he and Bob had, gone to the post-office the pre-
. Vious morning, and while there had seen a notice
‘which stated that Hazen’s Express route was
gar sale and could be bought for $200.
V * ‘Bob said he wished he had $200,” went on
Harris, maliciously, satisﬁed that his evidence
would get his cousin into a peck of trouble, for
he" was sure Bob intended to use the money
_(!which Morris supposed his cousin had taken
iifrom his trousers pocket while he slept) to pur-
'chase the express route, “so he could buy out
 route and run it himself. He said he was
certain he could, make a raft of money.” ‘,

._ “There, now,” spoke up Mrs. Cobb. when Morris
'~.’iad'concluded, regarding Mr. Shaw with a look
i of intense satisfaction, “I guess you’ll believe
that I say another time. I s’pose you know
yh_at’s come of your money now. It’s as plain
as the nose on your face that that boy saw you
. sou:-itin’ your money and made up his mind to get
$0 to buy that route. Why didn't he take the.
‘ihole of your money while he was about it? Be-
Que he only wanted $200. Now, mark my
Vbrds, he's gone to Bloomﬁeld, and has bought’
Jﬁit outﬁt by this time. It’s easy enough for
’ to go to that place, call on the Widder
n, and see if I hain’t right. You'll ﬁnd
‘fﬁeln four ﬁfties of yours in her pocket. Then
T»! you need do is to havethe constable arrest
 He'll confess soon enough when he's in
After that the widder 11 have to give up
money and take her rig back."
Kn. Cobb stated the case like a female law-
‘and she was as certain she was right as
the sun shone at the moment. 'I‘hings cer-
y did look black against poor honest Bob.
always prided himself as being on the
< Even Mr. Shaw began to have some
,_after all, concerning his . estimate of
- fs character. Mr. Cobb, however, chuckled
 as he listened to‘his wife's deduction.
w he had little doubt but she was right in
eahelasiovns, he knew that it would be only _a
‘ id ﬁnle to go to Bloomﬁeld on an investi-
‘ nioney on which Bob de-

Lis n_nele’s' ' the

SQUARE

Mr. Cobb. that _Bob, not having the price, could
not buy the route.

“Well,” snapped Mrs. Cobbjmpatiently, “why
don’t you get busy, Silas? It’s your place to
hitch up Bony to the wagon and take Mr. Shaw
to Bloomﬁeld. I calculate he’s anxious to get
his money back.”

As Mr. Cobb was ruled by his wife in every
particular except in money matters, in which,
fortunately for their domestic felicity, they were
both of a mind, he got up and prepared to fol-
low out her suggestion. _

“You'd better take the constable with you, pa,”
Morris shouted after him, “or Bob ’ll be sure to
cut his stick when he sees you are after him."

The trip to Bloomﬁeld, however, was not made
after all. As Mr. Cobb led his rig out of the
yard and around to the front door who should
he seen driving smartly down the road, perched
on the seat of Hazen’s express wagon, but Bob
Keane, and he looked as independent, too, as a
hog on ice. Silas Cobb was so astonished he
could only stand and stare open-mouted as his
nephew approached. '

CHAPTER IX.—-In Vghich Bob Finds Himself In
A

rave Fix. -
It was with an elastic step that Bob left the
Cobb yard that morning, walked up Main street,
and took the road to Bloomﬁeld. As he tramped
along, his imagination was ﬁred with roseate
visions of the future, and he pictured to himself
the satisfaction he would take out of being his
own boss.
“I ought to make a good thing hauling the
s of the summer boarders to and from
Hi'land’s this season, and carrying some of the
boarders, too. I can fix it with the farmers,
who hate to hitch up a team to go all that
distance to fetch a single guest, or perhaps two.
They’d much rather leave the job to me. I
can charge a quarter a head and a quarter for
a trunk, and carry a whole lot of packages be-
sides, for the Hazen wagon is a good-sized one,
and covered at that. I dare say Uncle Silas
will raise Cain at first, and will insistthat I
turn over all the money I get to him; but he’s
going to be disappointed. I’m ready to do the
square thing by him-further than that, nixy.”
Thus ﬁguring on the future, and building many
air castles, Bob reached Bloomﬁeld and directed

his steps to the cottage of~ Widow Hazen, which.

was on‘~the suburbs of the town. It was seven
o'clock when'Bob knocked on Mrs. Hazen’s door.
He announced his mission and‘was asked'to walk
in. Mrs. Hazen and the little Hazens were at
breakfast. and the boy was cordially invited to
sit up at the tables and partake of the frugal
breakfast. Bob politely declined on the‘ scone
that he was in_ a hurry, so Mrs. I-Iazen took him
to her barn and showed him the horse, wa on
and harness that went with the route. The boy
could Judge a horse as_ well as an experienced
dealer, and after a critical survey of the outﬁt
decided that it was worth the money asked.
Many rsons in the boy's‘ place would have
tried to
probably would .

ve succeeded, as she needed

at_ the widow down in her price, and

\

, money badly, but Bob prided himself on be 
 he.f'¢n'the,squa.re.*' anda_s.ho~hone§tly 

rs

 

 

 10
the horse, wagon and good-will of the route was
worth more than Mrs. Hazen asked he scorned
to resort to the dickering process.

The woman looked pleased and apparently re-
lieved. for she had expected to have to take
possibly $25 011' in order to make the sale.

“Who is it for?” she asked.

“For myself,?’ replied Bob, in a business—like
tone.

The woman looked a bit surprised.

“You seem young to run this business,” she
said. “How old are you?” ‘

“Sixteen.” ' .

“Well, you look stout and hearty. Maybe you'll
get along."

“Have you a list of Mr. Hazen's customers '3"

“I have his memorandum book—that has all
the names in it—which I'll let you have."

“Thank you, ma’am. We'll go back to the
house now. I want you to make out a bill of
salb-my name is Robert Keane—and then I'll
pay vou the money.” -

Mrs. Hazen made out the bill of sale in proper
shape and handed it to Bob. He passed over the
fguri ﬁfty dollar bills he received from Mr. Fair-
c il .

“Boys like you don't often have $200 to invest
in a business,” the woman said with a smile.

She was of an unsuspicious nature. and did
not dream of asking the boy where he got so
much money. '

“That’s right, Mrs. Hazen. I only came into

, possession of that money yesterday by a piece of
’ luck," said Bob. and then he told her how
rescued Fanny Fairchild. “Her father want-

ed to give me $500 outright: but I wouldn’t take

.’ it. I don't believe in accepting money under
1‘ those circumstances. borrowed those four
 ’ ﬁfties from him because I saw that the Hazen
, "Route was for sale and I wanted to get hold of

, .

Bob did not take any special note of the bills,
though he noticed that one of them was on the
First National Bank of Albany, and that it had
a red cross marked on the back. The deal hav-

  

 ing been settled, Bob went back to the barn,
 hitched up the team and drove out of the yard.
’ He had asked Mrs. Hazen to direct him to a sign
‘ _ — painter and she ‘had told him he would ﬁnd one
2;, ' next to the Times newspaper office on ‘Main street.
‘  Bob drove down there and arranged with the paint-
“ or to put his name “Keane” in place of “Hazen”

 

on the. wagon, and the ‘man promised to_ have it
done when the boy returned from the restaurant
..where he was going to get his breakfast.

Before Bob left Bloomﬁeld he bought a supply
of oats,for his horse and for poor, abused Bony
as well. Then he started off at a brisk pace
for Newtown. On the way back he prepared
himself for the expected run-in with his guardian.
The prospect was not encouraging, but he in-

_tended to stand by his gun like a little man.
4-I 9‘If Uncle Silas gets .too frisky I'll take up

quarters at the Griswold farm. Dan said I could
come over there any time I wanted to.”

Comforted with the reﬁection that Silas Cobb
, didn"t cut a great ﬁgure in the village, and that
“V v he could count .on the sympathy and encourage-

ment‘ of the people of his neighborhood, ‘Bob
chi plied. to his horse and;f:->,‘,t,as cheerful ‘re-
specti’ng.the tinture asif he Cw‘n3;_l a farm. Ile
-1I_e:akjh:’t;.h_8ve bean. G?-33 so:

‘ﬁr, .~

   
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 

  
   

~;»

,3,‘

ON THE SQUARE

_ of thinking, the temptation for Bob to star? the

  
  
   

3%?-?3f-._:i,1~h° vb.-d

 

known what was awaiting him at his uncle's
home. Morris noticed Bob’s approach, almost as ,.
soon as his father did. and he yelled to his 
mother to come out and look. Bob was not much‘ 
surprised at the sensation his appearance created, 
but he did not dream of the true reason therefor.
He stopped in front of the office and waited
for his uncle to come up, for he wanted to have
matters settled then and there, so he could tell ._
where he stood. 

“So you've got back, have you ?” said Silas, 
not able to understand how the boy come to be -3'
in possession of the Hazen express wagon when. 5
according to his point of view, he didn’t have ‘.34
the money to pay for the outﬁt. 1

“Yes, sir," replied Bob cheerfully.

“I needn’t ask if you have been to Bloomﬁeld,
for I see you have," said Mr. Cobb, eyeing the
horse and wagon askance. 

“Yes, sir! I went over this morning to buy the
Hazen Express Route for myself.”

“So you've ‘bought I-Iazen’s Express Route,
have you ?" replied Mr. Cobb, with a sneer. .
“P’raps you don't mind tellin’ me where you
got the money to pay for it.” ‘

“I have no objection to telling you. sir. I bor-
rowed $200 from Mr. William Fairchild, who is
stopping up at Jordan’s, yesterday moming.”

“What's that?” roared the real estate man,
hardly believing his ears. 

Bob was so obliging as to repeat his words.

“Don't you believe him, Silas!" shrieked Mrs.
Cobb, shaking her fist in the air. “He bought -’
that there horse and wagon with the money he -
stole from Mr. Shaw." ___;
_ Bob heard Mrs. Cobb's words in blank aston'- ..
ishment. He thought she must have suddenly _;
zone crazy. Mr. _Cobb knew that the boy hadn't 9
used the money In question to buy the Hazen ,
route because he (Cobb) had it in his pocket at
that moment; but be judged that Bob had per-’ I
suaded Widow Hazen to let him have it on credit." 
Of course he didn't believe that Mr. Fair-child had
loaned Bob $200. If he had. Mr. Shaw wouldn't I
have lost his $200, because, according to his way ,2

 

31

  
    
   
  
   
  
  

money would not then have existed. Silas Cobb, ‘
however, was shrewd enough to see that. he i
must 361? Just .85 _1f he had not gone up to the ‘
chamber at midnight and abstracted that $200 .-
from the trousers.he supposed belonged to’ his "
nephew. . 
“I 9-m 5011')’. Robert.” he said in a mild,"hvpo- ‘‘
critical tone, “to ﬁnd that you are a very wicked‘ ‘N

y. , . .
“Why, what do you mean ?" demanded Bob, 
amazed at the turn affairs were taking.  ‘
“_I mean that Mr. Shaw lost $200 last 
while he was asleep, and the evidence points gt ‘
you as the one who took it.” ,_ 5 ' A
“Mr. Shaw,” cried out Bob, energetically. ‘ham.
you charged me with taking $200. of yomifi
money ?" - .- -“~-
“No, Bob,” replied, the visitor, ‘I have
charged you with the theft, but I am sorry. 
say that- appearance seems to fasten the 31%!

 
 

 
 

   

  
      
     
  

on ygu. V

“ hat do you mean by appearance, sir?’ -
_ “Well, you left the house very early this .. . '
me. which your uncle's wife says was .. 
unusuabfor‘ you to do. I When I go;  _I_.
that‘ 3200.0; 8600 1 had brought

  

    
   
    
   
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
      
 
    
  
  
     
    

‘ -New York to pay down on the Chadwiék farm
was missing. Your cousin Morris says that you
wanted 8200 very badly to buy out the Hazen
Express Route. Well, you seem to have bought
"it. If you can satisfy me that you came honestly
.by that horse and wagon I have nothing further
_'to say, and will apologize for having suspected
__ you of taking my money.” _

’ “I can easily provethat the $200 I paid this
morning to Mrs. Hazen rightfully belonged to
me,” replied Bob, promptly.

’ “Do you mean to say that you paid $200 in
-- actual money to Widder Hazen this mornin’ for

_ that" outﬁt?” gasped Mr. Cobb, who could not
Tslmderstand how such a thing could be, though
“the others could easily understand it. ~’

. ‘ “I did,” replied Bob, while Mr. Shaw, Mrs. Cobb
-tog’ and -Morris looked at Silas in some surprise.
ﬁg Mr. Cobb saw he had made a bad break and

 it up by telling Bob that he hoped he
- could prove his words.

p “Sure I can. If you and Mr. Shaw will jump

in my wagon I'll drive you up to Mr. Jordan’s,
. and you can put the matter up to Mr. Fairchild."
'ﬂ"hat’s fair enough,” admitted the visitor.
_‘'Come along, Mr. Cobb, it is 'only right the boy
should have a chance to clear himself as speedily
as possible."
a ‘Mrs. Cobb sniffed qontemptuously, and said
it was her opinion that Bob Keane was up to
.- some trick, for since it was plain to be seen that

he had stolen the money it was utterly impossible
: for him to show that Mr. Fairchild had given it
.to him. However, Bob carried his point and
drove his uncle and the visitor to the Jordan

. '51 'want to see Mr. Fairchild," said,-Bob to Mr.
~~J0:.I‘dIII, when he reined the team up in front of
~41: fannho

use. .
"I’m afraid you'll be disappointed," replied the

farmer. _

“Why?” asked Bob.
“Because Mr. Fairchild and his daughter left
for New York on the eight o'clock train this
"-piorning," was the unexpected reply.

Disappointed. /

‘Went away this morning!’.’ exclaimed the boy
genuine amazement. “Why, Miss Fanny made
-- 2 promise I would call and see her this after-

n.
'80 she told me," replied Mr. Jordan, “and she
a note that I was .’to hand you when you
i -z- . I will get it for you.”
‘Silas Cobb was very much relieved to ﬁnd that
 could not show that Mr. Fairchild had given
n $200, because- his ability to do so would
‘eonliglicated matters exceedingly. He made
;_rema one way or the other, and presently
' Jordan brought out the -note-and handed it
 The boy tore it open and read it eagerly.
‘fan as‘ follows: .

“Jordan Farm, June is, 191‘-——.
received

   
 
    
   

 
  
 
 

Keane; Papa a telegram
Yo:-kgearly th calling him
‘city urgent

h%.and.of

"ON THE SQUARE

would iiaiaediatsly repa-this words to 11:. Show, 4,
and thib vluuldput he bundeapof 

  

11

to disappoint "you this afternoon, but it cannot

-be helped. We expect to be back in a week, and

then you and I must make up for lost time. Good-
by. I shall never forget, nor will papa, that you
saved my life yesterday. Please understand that
we are both deeply oratefuhto you, and will be as
long as we live. Yours sincerely,
“Fanny Fairchild.”

When Bob finished reading the note he handed
it to Mr. Shaw, who glanced over and returned

It.

“It. is evidently not your fault,” he said, “that
we have failed to meet Mr. Fairchild; therefore
I think you are entitled to the beneﬁt of the
doubt.”

“Thank you, sir,” answered Bob, gratefully.
“You are a gentleman.”

There was nothing more to be done at the
Jordan farm, so Bob turned around and drove
back. On the road he learned all the particulars
of the loss of Mr. Shaw's money.

“Well, sir, all I can say is that I didn’t take
it," ‘he said earnestly. “It is a curious thing
that you should happen to lose the exact amount
that I paid for this outﬁt. That makes the affair
look bad for me."

They found Mr. Cobb and Morris eagerly await-
ing their return. Noticing that Bob had lost
something of his conﬁdent air, the lady imme-
diately jumped to the correct conclusion that the
mission had been unattended with results. -

“Well,” she exclaimed, with a triumphant air,

“you found out that Bob was lyin’ about Mr. 
Fairchild givin’ him $200, didn't you '.”’ "

“No, madam, we did not,” replied the visitor,
rather disgusted with the lady's insistence that
Bob was guilty of the theft. “We found that
Mr. Fairchild had been unexpectedly called to
New York -this morning.” .- .

“Then I'll bet Bob knowed about it, that's why :
he was so ready to carry you up to the Jordan V
farm. He lmowed Mr. Fairchild warn't there.” 1]

To these unfriendly remarks the gentleman
made no reply. He was beginning to shift his
suspicions from Bob to the whole Cobb family. -

“Well, 'Mr. Cobb," he said, dropping all further.
reference to his missing money. “let us go over

-and look at the Chadwick farm.”

“Hain’t you goin’ to have that boy took up :
for stealin’ your $200?” asked Mrs. Cobb, in great '» 4:
astonishment. - ._ .5

“Not at present, madam,” replied Mr. Shaw, 
coldly. . '

_Both _Morris and his stepmother looked their
disappointment. Silas Cobb appeared to be rather
relieved than otherwise, for to tell the truth, he

mil.

-did not care for an official investigation of the , 

case. He hoped that his visitor might let the
matter go by default. He readily agreed to, ' 
3¢C0mP8n.V M2‘. _Shaw to the Chadwick farm, and ' ’ . -: -'
£15 3011)’ was still standing hitched to the wagon‘; ‘
in front of the oﬂice the two men got in and drove ;
away. Mrs. Cobb returned\to the kitchen in a’
huff, but Morris remained outside eyein%.Bob
with no kindly expression. He was de ting
whether it was safe for him to accuse Bob of
taking the $200 out of the trousers pocket. He
decided that it was toojkky, for he did not .~
doubt butbohasouldnotonly denytheact,but ’

 
 
 
  
  

    
        

   

 

  

  

inothing."
‘longs to Mr. Fairchild till it's paid for.

I you didn't pay
norm’. . .

  

12 ON THE
him. Of course he felt sure thatthe theft could
not bebrought home to him, but the bare ‘sus-
picion that he was mixed up in the matter would
serve to help Bob out of his predicament, and he
earnestly hoped that Bob would be eventually
convicted, as, in" his opinion, he deserved to-be.

“I s’pose you're happy now,” he ﬁnally said to
Bob, with a sneer. “You managed to get the $200
you wanted so bad, and you've bought the express
route.

“And you think with your stepmother that I
stole the $200,” ﬂashed Bob.

“Well, you know whether you stole it or not,"
replied Morris, pointedly.

“I know it was loaned to me by Mr. F airchild."

“You ought to be able to prove it, then.”

“How can I when Mr. Fairchild has returned
to New York '.”’ - _

“What did he go to New York for at the very
moment you want to see him? Looks funny to
me. Just as funny as that Mr. Shaw should lose
the exact amount that you wanted to pay for the
express route."

“I don't deny but the whole thing looks queer;
but it will come out all right in the end,” said
Bob, conﬁdently.

“I hope it will," said Morris, nodding his head.
“I hope the person that stole that $200 will get
shoimhd “pl: ll

“ ope e wi , too."

“Well, if he hasn't a nerve,” thought Morris, as
he turned on his heel and was about to re-enter
the house, when he stopped and turned around.
“What are you going to do with that horse and
wagon?" he asked his cousin.

“Vsghat do you think I bought it for? To look
at it .”

“You’ve got to keep it somewhere, provided my
father’ll let you keep it.”

“I don't tlunk he'll have anything to say about
it." -

“Why won't he? - He's your guardian. If he
objects to you having that horse and wagon he
can take it away from you and sell it."

. “No, he can't'."
“Why not? What's to prevent him 1'" . -
“That horse and wagon practically belongs to

‘Mr. Fairchild until I have paid him the $200 I

owe him."
“That's all rot.- You're a minor and can't own
The outﬁt be-
Maybe
it won’t be paid for till I'm twenty-one,” grinned
Bob. —
Not being ,able to answer that argument,
Morris switched back again.
“Where are you going to keep your rig?"
“I’d like to keep the horse in our barn. I'm
willing to pay your father for the accommoda-
tion.
“Maybe he'd let you if you swopped horses with

“That's just what I told you.

7 him," grinned Morris.

“That would suit me," said Bob. “I'll give him
this animal for Bony and a year's rent of a stall
in the barn."

“You would ?"

“I would.” _

‘I'll tell him what {you said; but before any-
thing is done about i _
for the rig with

l

Mr, Shaw‘:

     
   

you'll have to prove’ that.

   

SQUARE

“I expect to be able to prove that in a week.’ ”'

“How will you '.’" '

“Mr. Fairchild will probably return to Jor-
dan's by that time.”

“How do you know he will?"

“Fanny, his daughter, told me so in a note she
left at Jordan's for me explaining the cause of -_
their sudden departure.”

Morris was satisﬁed in his own mind that Bob
was bluﬂing, just as he was sure that Bob had
taken the money which belonged to Mr. Shaw
_out of his pocket.

“You say Mr. Fairchild loaned you $200?" went ‘
on Morris. ' —.

“Yes.” I

“How long have you known him 7"

“I only met him once, and that was yesterday
morning." _ 3

“And you had the nerve to ask him for the loan ‘
of $200?" .

“He offered me $500."

“What for '3"

“Saving his daughter from possible death."

- “And you refused to take $500?" said Morris,
incredulously. “Do you expect me to believe
that?”

“I don't care whether you believe is or not,’
replied Bob, independently.

“Well, I don't," replied Morris, tartly, turning
around and entering the house.

CHAPTER XI.—Bob Starts In To Do Business. ’

Bob drove to the post-ofﬁce and took down the
“For Sale" notice put up in the interest of Mrs. ,
Hazen. In place of it he tacked up the following ‘
announcement, which he prepared in the store: "

KEANE’S EXPRESS.
“Formerly I-Iazen‘s."

On and after the 16th day of June the under-
signed is prepared to undertake the prompt as 1
livery of all kinds of light cases, trunks, packages, }-
etc., between Highland and Blooniﬁeld, inclusive 1‘
—two trips, morning and afternoon. Also, bf";
special arrangement, to any point within a radius 1
of six miles of Newtown and ﬁve miles of Bloom-' ,

_ﬁeld. Charges moderate. Address, Bob Keane,
Newtown Post-oﬁice. \‘ 

Duplicates of the above bill Bob tacked up in 'V,,.
the Blomﬁeld, Darlington and Highland poster‘-:2
oﬁices before night and gave an order to 3.1‘
Bloomﬁeld printer for 250 circulars which hc.;:!l
subsequenty mailed to all the customers of the ’'g_'-'
late Mr. I-Iazen and to every farmer within ﬂie . 
limits of his route. He carried his ﬁrst freight‘ 
that afternoon—a dozen crates of strawberries», ‘_'-1'
and four crates of asparagus from the 3
farm to Highland station enroute to New Y 
City. At Highland he picked up a full load -, ;«
general merchandise for Bloomﬁeld. He stopped‘-
at his home in Newtown to have a_ talk with Q,
uncle about using the vacant stall next to Ban 5*
inthebarn.-  ,;-. E.

“I can't make no arrangements with  M 3,
itlzas been:-settled whether‘ You_bqucllt‘th¢" ~ ~

   

 
 

  

   

     
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
    
  
   
 
   
   
  
     
    
   
   
    
   
  
  
 
    
   
    
 
   
    
   
 
 
 

ON THE

~- with Mr. Shaw's money or not; but you can
use it to~night if you want to. Maybe the thing
Vvill be.straightened up to-morrow.”
' ‘Where is Mr. Shaw?”
‘He’ has gone to the hotel.-
takin’ that load you got ‘!"
., “To Bloomﬁeld.” ' .
; you can't expect Mrs. Cobb to save
At any rate, I reckon she won’t do
119 such thing." ' '
“I. shall have my supper in Bloomﬁeld."
:You’ll have to pay a quarter for it.”
to 7’

\

Where are you

expect . 4 _
' ‘It's a waste of good money. Mrs. Cobb will
get you somethin' to eat now if you'll give her
that quarter. It's only right. it should come to
‘us. Are you. goin’ to turn over to me what you
amake?” .
"‘We’ll talk about that another time, Uncle

H

' ‘I can look after any money you make better
- -than you can yourself. You don’t want to forget
' in your guardian, and that if I think it’s
great to sell that horse and wagon that you claim
own the law will let me do it. The law is
an on my side, so be careful that you don’t get
way for somethin’ might happen that you wouldn't
e.

- Mr. Cobb's words evidently veiled a threat, the
meaning of which Bob could not fail to under-
stand. His uiicle intended to assert his authority,
if.Bob was found to be the rightful owner of
express route. He intended to demand an
~.. of the business transacted each day,
 ‘would expect‘ the boy; to turn over to him
- "Gent he collected from his patrons. Of
Bob had no-intention, of yielding to any
arrangement. .

E

_ Siaw on the subject, as that gentleman seem-
to"be friendly toward him. With this idea
' -. hestopped at the small hotel and in-

.- for him. He learned that he had gone
~-Bloomﬁeld on business. The business that took
. ﬂaw to Bloomﬁeld. was connected with the
«~ Helen. He wanted to inspect the bills
v the lady had received ‘from Bob. He could
' - his own missing bills, therefore  the
paid by the boy for the express business
_ not the bills in question, then Bobs story
true; if, on the contrary, Mr. Shaw recog-
« the bills received by ‘Mrs. Hazen, then the
had‘ lied and he was guilty of the theft. That
, Hr. Shaw's little plan by which he hoped to

. te Bob, even if he failed to get a clue to
. missinz $200-
_. .-.. the gentleman reached the Hazen cot-
he was disappointed to ﬁnd that the widow
; e to Poughkeepsie that afternoon to visit

brother. A young sister of Mrs. Hazen’s was
 ofthe-house. .
‘Did you see the money that Mrs. Hazen re-
for the sale of her late husband's express
ﬂ _.

  

-air.”
Tyne describe the bills to me?"
‘sir. ‘All Ireinember is that there were

, tional Bank on it." _
‘-was - '1m1neaus_ conclusive,

:

       

" he expected trouble, he decided to consult '

bills and I think one of them had the I

' Eainchild, though it would not, in 9,
« ljeve B9}! of tl3e‘irui_1t>o1',hav_,inz taken Mr.  ‘K

I"

SQUARE . ' 18

bills were $50 ones, and second, that at least
(ﬁne kof them was on the Manhattan National

an .

“When do you expect Mrs. Hazen back?" he
inquired.

“The day after to—morrow.”

“Did she deposit the money in a savings bank
before she went to Poughkeepsie?”

“No, sir; she took the money with her.”

“It is a matter of the greatest importance that
I should see those bills before she disposes of
them. Can you tell me where she is stopping
in Poughkeepsie?”

The young woman gave her brother’s address.
Mr. Shaw thanked her and left. He immediately
went to a telegraph oﬂice and sent a message to
Mrs. Hazen, care of her brother. Bob arrived
in Bloomﬁeld before dark and delivered his load
of freight. He had done pretty well on his first
day, and was delighted with his success. As
soon as it became known that the express route
was in the hands of a person who would conduct
it along business lines he was satisﬁed he would

et all the carrying he could handle. Bob had
is supper at a restaurant. While ‘eating he
studied over his business plans for the future.

“If I’m going to carry out my running schedule
as I have arranged it I’ve got to live at Bloom-
ﬁeld. It would only be a waste of time and en-
ergy to stay at Uncle Silas Cobb’s place. I’d
sooner pay my own way and get decent victuals
and enough of them.”

After supper he hunted up a small room, which
he engaged to rent for a week. He paid down 81
for the ﬁrst week and took possession of it.. He
also found a place where he could keep his her
and wagon cheap. After an early breakfast a'
the restaurant he drove to different places in
Bloomﬁeld looking for stuff to carry either to
Highland or to places in the immediate neighbor-
hood. He caught two or three orders for‘ nearby
farms and one for Newtown. After delivering
them he found a letter at the post-oﬂice from a
farmer whose place was a mile outside the village
asking him to call.

He drove out to the farm and found eight
_crates of berries and several of vegetables that
the farmer wanted delivered to the railroad com-
pany at Highland. Bob was glad to take the.
order, and his price for cartage was quite satis-
factory to the shipper, who said he hoped the
boy would make the business pay. The bpy drove

past the Cobb home without stopping and saw ~

his uncle Silas harnessing up Bony to the wagon.
Ilf wonder where he is going 1"’ Bob asked him-
se .

CHAPTER XII.—Silas‘ Cobb's Mission.

Silas Cobb was going to Bloomﬁeld to call on
the Widow Hazen. His errand was to ﬁnd out
if his nephew had really paid her 8200 for the
express route. He could not understand how the
boy could have done this, as the results of Bob's
presumed theft was in his own pocket. Still, if
it proved to be a fact, it would substantiate his
ward’s story that he had received $225 from ﬁr.
his mind.» so;

 

 

I i‘ :-

,~:r‘-A

 

 she asked, or whether she let him

 

‘$191110

 

. frame.

 

. ,“!jT9, 

   
 

I

14 ON THE

$200. Silas had received a curtain lecture from
his wife the night before for not having insisted
that Bob should be arrested and brought before
the justice on the charge of stealing their visitor’s
money. Mrs. Cobb insisted that as long as the
thief was at large, and the bills unrecovered, a
certain onus would rest on the family.

‘Mr. Shaw might privately think that one of
the family, and not Bob, had stolen the money
from him. Silas Cobb therefore was inno pleas-
ant humor when he hitched up Bony and started
for Bloomﬁeld. When he arrived at the Hazen
cottage he of course learned that Mrs. Hazen
was in Poughkeepsie. He wanted to know when
she would return home, and was told she was
expected the next day. Silas Cobb looked at Mrs.
Hazen’s sister thoughtfully. .

“Do you know anything about the sale of the
Hazen Express Route ?” he. asked her.

“I know my sister sold it to a boy named Robert
Keane yesterday morning," was the reply.

“Do you know whether he paid her the $200

have it 9n
credit?” «

“He paiddier the $200."

“Did you see him pay her?”

“Yes, sir.”

Evidently Bob's story was true, then; but it
was a puzzler to Mr. Cobb why the boy, with
$200 honestly acquired in his pocket, should then
deliberately steal another $200 for which he had
no immediate use. Silas Cobb’s attitude, taken
in connection with the visit of Mr. Shaw the pre-
ceding afternoon on a similar errand, somewhat
alarmed the young woman.

__“Is_ there anything wrong about that money '2"

"Why do you ask?” replied Mr. Cobb, who was
not prepared to say whether the money was
right or not.

“Because you are the second gentleman who
has called about the matter."

“The second gentleman!” ejaculated Silas, nerv-
ously.

“Yes, sir.”

“Who was the other man ?"

“He said his name was Mr. Shaw." ,

A shock went through the real estate man’s
His visitor was evidently investigating
tlhe case on the quiet, and he didn't like to learn
t at.

“What did-he want to know about the matter?”
he asked. C31‘-rerly.

“He wanted me to describe the bills my sister
received from the boy.‘ He said it was of the

~utmost importance that he should know bcforz
, she let them out of her hands."

“Did you describe them to him?” asked Mr.
Cobb, anxiously. _
“Not very well, sir, as I had taken very litre

— notice‘of them. All I could tell him was that

77

there were four $50 bills ‘
“Yes, sir," said Silas eagerly. “Four $50’ bills.
else"

‘And that one of them bore the name of the
National Bank.”
. ‘Only one of them 1'"
“I only notioedthat one."
".-‘Then’ you couldn’t say whether ‘the other three -
were also on the same bank?"

 

SQUARE

“You say”Mrs. Hazen is in Poughkeepsie?’

“Yes. sir. . _' i
“If I went to Poughkeepsie do you think I could
see her 1'"

 

“I will give you my brother’s address and you
could call there. I am sure you would find her.’

“Very well; _let- me have it.”

b Nit. Cobb wrote the direction down in his note-
oo .

“Did you, ahem! give her address to this Mr.
Shaw 2" ' ;

“Yes, sir. He asked for it."

Thd: was another shock to the real estate man.
Mr. Shaw had stolen a march upon him, and
he might already have seen the widow Hazen,
or be even then on his way to see her. He hastily
took his leave of Mrs. Hazen's sister with the
intention .of losing no time in going to Pough- ’
keepsie. He hoped the lady had either banked
the money or otherwise disposed _of it, for he
was more than ever anxious that Bob should not
be able torestablish his innocence. If he found
that Mrs. Hazen still had the bills about her, and
had not yet seen Mr. Shaw, he would represent to
her how foolish it was to carry so much money
around and suggest that she bank it at once
in Poughkeepsie.

While he was following out this _line of thought
some evil spirit whispered a brand-new sugges- ‘- ‘:-
tion into his willing ear. If Mrs. Hazen had the
four $50 bills, why couldn’t he, while pretending’ "
to’ examine them, substitute the four $50 bills 7 f
which he had taken from the boy's trousers? He :.
knew they were the bills his late visitor had lost,
for Mr. Shaw had described them perfectlykwhile
he asserted that he had a record of their num- -
bers in his memorandum book. Unless the widow's. ’ ‘.
bills were new ones, which would block his little ' 1'
game, she would never notice the substitution; _ _‘
Then _he would impress on her the necessity of‘ ‘7
retaining them in her possession by hinting.-’ ‘ "
strongly that the -money "was believed to have
been stolen by the boy who bought the routeand,
that the bills might have to be shown in court.‘ 

It's a splendid scheme," said Silas Cobb tow '
himself, rubbing his skinny hands together with ' 4..
great satisfaction. “It's a splendid scheme, and 
I'll work it if she has the bills and Mr, Shaw
hasn't yet called upon her. It will relieve me
of the risk of getting rid of four hills which
can be identiﬁed, while at the same time it will
fasten the guilt on that young rasail.”

It was a contemptible piece of business, though
worthy of such a man as Silas Cobb. The only- . --
excuse for it he could have oﬁered was that he A
izonestly believed Bob hsd stolen the money in V
the first place and oughtjo be_punished fos his-. ? _
ci'ime._ He was simply aiding Justice to accom-. 2
plish its rightful mission. .

As Mr. Cobb drove down Main street to New-' ~
town, before stopping at his home to inform his
wife that  was bound for Poughkeepsie on im-
portant business, he thought he would stop at. 
the hotel and see if he could get a line on Mr. 
Shaw’s movements that morning. He found that
the gentleman had left the hotel after 
without leOVlng.W0l'd as to where he was going; ..

“He's surely gone to Poughkeepaie to see‘ that;
woman,” gutted the real estate man» ..
“I’i_n..afraid he'll get there before I will. .111?
case my littVle_»,sc_hen1evwill go 

  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
 

w
i. .

an‘

  
  

    

   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
 

ﬁlo consequences he so richly deserves.”
 “With this charitable feeling toward his nephew
in his heart he drove on.

‘ CHAPTER XIII.—A Fight To A Finish.

» Bob Keane picked up several more crates of
berries on his road to Highland, where he turned
his load over to the railroad company for ship-
‘t to New York. He then drove around the
'ghborhood and found that there would be noth-
us in his line until the afternoon.

- "I s’pose I ought to return empty to ‘Bloomﬁeld
. order to follow out my ‘schedule, but I don’t
e the idea of doing that.‘ I guess I’ll let the
edule slide to-day.
the business. I think I'd better run over to
oughkeepsie and see if_I can’t drum up some
‘" .-. among those people who sell goods to the
loomﬁeld merchants. It will -fill in time, and
ps widen the scope of my operations.”
b obtained permission to put his horse and
.. in a nearby shed till he returned from
as the river. It was about this time that
2 Cobb drove into Highland. He put his team
at, a small stable and ,,walked down to the
_ _ nil . As he was crossing the tracks near the
‘ ~ ‘in he came face to face with Bob.
When one contemplates inﬂicting an i_njury on
person his feelings towards his victim
,. usually of a very pleasant kind. It was
with Mr. Cobb. He .was on the road to Pough-
m with the express purpose of trying to
 -.1. the guilt of the $200 theft on his nephew,
’-in so doing he ‘was trying to persuade him-
. that he was performing a duty that he owed
the" community.
. ‘Let no guilty man escape," was his motto.
‘ was satisﬁed Bob was guilty, therefore the
might to be ‘exposed and punished. l_-le had
.:. /worked himself up to the fever pitch of
‘ 4. .-.. indignation over Bob's action in buying
7' ilieoerress route without first consulting him.
bov clearlyproposed to break loose from his
«alt strings. He had as good as said that
‘was tired of the ‘way things were going, and
'f to alter them to suit himself. This was
"rebellion, and Mr. Cobb did not propose to
_» -2 for it.- He had no objection to Bob running
. “route if he handed all his receipts over to
‘but it looked very much as _though his
i- had no intention of doing this. The boy
actually squandered mone on a supper,
1 ant and bed at Bloomﬁel when he ought
 come home and paid that money over
i (Cobb).
’ hail carried a big load of stuﬁ‘ from High-
station to Bloomﬁeld. not to speak of the
of‘ berries which Mr. Cobb had learned
 carried from the Griswold farm to the
therefore the bov must have a tidy sum
'.in» hisclothes at thefpresent moment
would _undo on more

breakfants, 

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  

  
    
  
  
    
   
 

 
 
    

ON THE SQUARE ‘ i *

I'm hardly started yet‘

Jhariie to think that that boy may be able to evade fully resolved to lie in wait for the boy, after

he returned home from Poughkeepsie, and get
‘whatever money Bob had in his pockets away
from him. And he proposed to repeat that pro-
cess on subsequent occasions if his nephew man-
aged to keep out of jail. If Bob still persisted
in living away from home, and hid his money,
then Mr. Cobb proposed to take the horse and
wagon away from him, and sell it, as he under-
stood he had a perfect right to do.

Silas Cobb was thinking of his designs on his
nephew at the very moment he ran into him at
the station. His face wore a savage look, the
very intensity of which startled the boy. The en-
counter was a surprise to both, but did not pre-
vent Mr. Cobb from grasping Bob by the collar
and_dragging him into the waiting-room of the
station. ,

“Now, you young villain,” exclaimed Mr. Cobb,
“l want you to give an account of yourself. Why
didn't you come home last night ?"

“Because it was more convenient for my busi-
ness to stay at Bloomﬁeld,” answered the boy,
who then Jerked himself out of his uncle's hands
and. retreated to the other side of a sinall table
covered with time-tables, and on which also stood
a fair-sized package.

“It was, eh?” roared the now thoroughly
aroused real estate man.
understand that I won’t have no such didoes as
that. You had to spend somethin’ for a bed and
for your supper. as well as for your breakfast
this mornin’, didn’t you?" '

“I did," replied Bob, calmly.

“A rank waste of good _,money,” zroaned the
miserly old man. “You would have saved all
thatwby comin’ home. How much did it cost
you .

“One dollar for a room ”

“One dollar for a room!" howled Mr. Cobb, dia-
gigygd at what he considered the extravagant

c .

“Not for one night. but for a whole week,” re-

plied Bob, feeling almost like laughing at the’

expression on his guardian’s Lface.

“Do you mean to tell me that you hired a
room for a week ?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Then when you return to Bloomﬁeld this
afternoon you'll go right back to that pl'ace'and
'06“ them to refund You the rest of the money,
as you Id0ll't intend to stay there no more.”

“But do intend to sta there ri ht alon ,” —
swered B05 sturdily. Y S g 3!?

"Don’t tell me what you’re goin’ to do, on
young rascal. You'll do as I say, d’ye un or-
stand '.' I'm your guardian, and what I say goes.’

Bob thought it wise‘ to make no reply to this
0l.ltl3)Lll‘St.b h

“ 'ou roug t a load of fruit an
to'town yesterday, and took back adbiviregleotdgiiblgg
general stuff, didn’t you_‘!"

. :'{'hat’s I:l€llgt,:' gitodded tllile ttgly.

ou mig Ju as we the
know all about what you're doin’,” saillmbtilh (ffglibl
nodding his head energetically. “Well, Y‘... go;
paid for ”your haulin’, didn't you 1'"

 
  

 
    

haven’? X011. less what
stomach and a bed?‘
,  -

is

“Well, I want you to‘

“And Y°“’V° 8°‘ the money in your pocket now,”
You smiandered on your

., V
- ‘on:

     
    
   
    
  

  
  
   

   

  

 

5‘ ..  to-night. ,

 

16 ON THE
“How much money have you got now?"

Bob pulled out a roll of bills and began to
count them. Mr. Cobb’s eyes fairly stuck out

, of his head as he watched the boy. He seemed

to be fairly made of money. He couldn't wait
for Bob to count the money, but gasped out
hungrily:

“You didn't get all that money for carryin’
stuff yesterday.”

“No, sir."

“Then where did you get it? Have you been
robbing some other man, you villain ?"

“No, sir. I haven't robbed any one so far that
I know of." ‘

“You stole that two hundred dollars from Mr.
Shaw, and I know you did.”

“You seem very sure about it.”

“I am. You tucked it away in your pants’
pocket Sifter you took it, and-‘if it hadn't been
.or

Then Mr. Cobb shut up like a clam, for he
suddenly realized he was saying too much. ‘

“If it hadn't been for what, Uncle Silas ?" ask-
ed the boy, eyeing him strangely.

“None of your business. You stole the money,
but we haven't yet been able to prove it agin

ou. P’ra'~s we will before long,” shaking his
ead meaningly.

“I never stole a dollar from any one in my
life," asserted Bob, indignantly.

“I don't intend to argue the matter with you
here. I want to know now where you got all
that money."

‘Mr. Fairchild made me a present of most of
it—twenty-ﬁve dollars in fact—to buy a suitof
clothes."

“He did?" with a sneer. “Seems to me Mr.
Fairchild is uncommonly liberal with his money."

“He offered me ﬁve hundred dollars, but I re-
fused it."

“You refused ﬁve hundred dollars!" gasped his
guardian, hardly believing the evidence of his‘
senses. _

“I did. I don't
I rendered him."

“You said yesterday that he gave you two
hundred dollars and that. you spent it for that
express route." '

“He loaned me two hundred dollars. It was?-
only ‘on those terms I would accept the money."

Mr. ‘Cobb looked at Bob as if he was some
new species of the human fami y. This boy had
actually refused to accept $500 as a gift, but
had accepted $200 as a loan. It was simply
incomprehensible to him. The sight of the roll
of bills in Bob's hand, however, recalled his
thoughts to the business in hand.

“Hand over that money to me,” he said sharply,
reaching across the table with the talon-like
ﬁngers in all eagerness to grasp it. i_
A‘ Bob drew back and returned the bills to his
pocket. V

“I'm going to use a good part of that money to
buy asuitvof clothes,” he said.

‘f.You’re ‘goin’ to do nothin' of the kind. You
don't want no clothes."

“I need them, all right.- I'm using my best
suit now for every day.” _

“You won't use tfem no longer when you get
You'll put on your other clothes.

 

_ r

SQUARE

take pay for such a service as-

  

What d'ye think Mrs. Cobb would say if she
knowed you was wrastlin' with boxes and pack-
ages and crates with them best clothes of yours 2"

“I don't care what she'd say. This suit is none
too good for every day."

“Are you goin’ to hand that money over to me,
or shall I take it from you?" demanded Silas
Cobb, ﬁercely, making a move to get around"
the table. .

“I don't think either will happen," retorted
Bob, rather deﬁantly. ‘

“You don't, eh ? Then I'll show, you, you young
villain!” ' \

With that Mr. Cobb, with unusual agility,
sprang around the table after the boy. Bob had
no idea of being caught, so he made a dash to
escape around the other end of the table. He
would easilv have got awav if he hadn't stumbled.
Before he could recover himself his uncle had him
by the collar once more.

“Let me go, Uncle Silas!" cried Bob, backing
up against he .side of the table.

“I'll let you go when I've got that money," I;

..

replied Mr. Cobb in a tense tone, trving to get his
disengaged hand into the boy's pocket.

Bob was alarmed for the thirty-odd dollars
he possessed, for he knew if his guardian once got

 
 
 

his ﬁngers on it he might as well say good-by to ' 

it. While he was quite willing to concede his
uncle's legal right to take care of his money.
he did not care to let him enjoy that right if he
could prevent it. It might be law '
guardian to take his property, but under the cir-

cumstances it would not be justice. So he put :
up a mighty game ﬁght in its defence. He did

forhna.

not intend to go back and live at Mr. Cobb’ — I
home, because from past experience he knew at
only too well what kind of treatment he _."'

expect to receive there.

Ever since he ‘came under the Cobb roof-tree’ 
he had been half-fed and half—c1othed, in spits V
of the fact that he was heir to $10,000. That ’
programme would be continued in the event that
he yielded to his uncle's demands, but he didn't
intend to yield. To maintain himself in inde-

pendence he needed money. If.Mr. Cobb deprived ‘ 

him of that he would be helpless. Therefore he 1
fought tooth and nail to prevent him from do-‘ 
mg so. ’ »

Silas Cobb was equally determined to have his 

own way. The sight of so much money in his
nephew's hands had roused his cupidity to the .4
boiling-point. He would have it if he half-choked '
the boy in order to get it. Mr. Cobb was not a
very powerful man, as he was small and spare
in stature; but when his passions were amused,
as on the present occasion, he was a dangerous
opponent for a boy like Bob. =

The boy's back was against the table, and in bk
desperate elforts to release himself he had doubled
himself up under it. When Mr. Cobb bent down:
to get at his pocket, Bob tried to squirm out 
his grasp, and when he discovered that he con!dn’£-.
do that he tried to rise up, whereupon his uncle
gave him a violent shove, which resulted in 11$-'
fortunate consequences-the table tipped o'v,¢‘*
and everything upon it slipped of on the ﬂoat’.
This so far as the time-tables were co '
amounted to nothing; but the package, which » ‘

been standing on the table, was a horsecti I I

other colog. It struck the boards  La”;

1

   

 
   
  

    
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
    
 
   
  
  
    
  
  
     
  
   

ON.THE

‘ split open and spread the fractured parts of an
" elegant table lamp for several feet around. At
2‘ that moment the owner of the package appeared
‘ on the scene.

‘ He saw the ruin of his property and fairly
H gasped with rage. He was a _big man, too, and
' consequently presented a formidable appearance.
Rushing forward, he seized Mr. Cobb, who had
V let go of Bob, by the arms and shook him violent-

’. I)’, as a terrier might a rat. _

“What do you mean by upsetting that table
and breaking my lamp?" he demanded furiously
of the real estate man.

‘: ,“I—I——-” gasped the frightened Silas.

~' ' “Pay me for it at once, or I'll hand you over

3 " to an oﬂicer. Pay me twenty dollars instantly
or to jail you go.” _ _ ‘

Bob took advantage of the situation to make
good his escape. ‘

 

/ __j—

CHAPTER XlV.—Caught In His Own Trap.

A number of people were attracted to the
"aiting-room of the station by the racket. The
er of the broken lamp was so mad that he
had very little mercy on the hapless real estate
man. He to drag him to the station door
when several of the newcomers interfered, saying
that it was a shame for a big man like him to
intimidate a small person like Mr. Cobb, who
‘looked pale and frightened.
_' “But look at my lamp!" exclaimed the irate
 man. "A twenty dollar lamp gone to blazes, and
all this man's fault."
‘No, no!" whined -Silas Cobb.
fault. It was the boy's.”
“ t boy?" asked several. “There's no boy
I

“It wasn't my‘

 ‘He ran away after pushing the table over.”

‘ ‘You mean after you pushed him against the
table," wled the man whose lamp had been
“Are you going to pay for that lamp

‘or are you not ‘P’ he cried threateningly.

Silas would sooner have risked a beating than

have parted withbne of his darling dollars. See-

A an opening in the small crowd, he made a

en break for the door.

“Stop him!” roared the man, starting in pur-

‘.' No one, however, made any attempt _to stop
Ir. Cobb, who ﬂew for the ferryboat, which was
h- the point of putting out. He succeeded in
diing her just in time to get aboard, while the
irigman was shut out. Shaking with fear, he
-~ .had'e his way to the other end of the boat, and
that he remained until the boat reached the
‘ﬁlter side of the river and glided into her slip,
 ﬁllet’: he went ashore and walked up the street,
. .. iplieved to know that he had shaken off his
' ble antagonist. ’He consulted his note-
- for the address of the house where Mrs.
. was.stopping, and then asked a police-
he met to direct him 0 the street. The
pointed out a street car and told him to

  

 
 

nearest corner _of the street mentioned.
thuvdizeetiops ~ better.’ as he

  

SQUARE

\

was a very careful man, and in a short time he
was ringing the bell at the address given him.
It happened that at the time Mr.~Cobb came
up the steps Mrs. Hazen was engaged with an-
other visitor——namel_v, Mr. Kenwick Shaw. Mr.
Shaw had come over on the boat ahead of the
real estate man; consequently he reached Mrs.
Hazen’s brother’s abode half an hour ahead of
Mr. Cobb. He explained his mission to the
widow, and as she still had the bills in her pos-
session that she received from Bob Keane, she
got them for Mr. Shaw to look at. He saw at
once, and to his credit we will say, much to his
satisfaction, that the four ﬁfties were not the
bills he had lost. One of them was on the Man-
hattan National, of New York; the others on dif-

ferent banks of other _cities—the most noticeable ~

being the First National of Albany on account
of the red cross on its back. The widow had
watched the examination of the bills with some‘
anxiety.
. “Is there anything the matter with, this money,
sir?" she asked nervously. ,
“No, madam, the bills are perfectly good. The
fact of the matter is that four ﬁfty-dollar bills
were stolen from me, and the boy who paid this
money to you was accused of the theft. I came

here to see if I could identify those bills as the.

ones I lost. Though I really can't afford to lose
two hundred dollars, still I am bound to say
that I am_ glad those are not my bills, for I have
taken a liking to young Keane, and I would not
like to discover that he really was the thief. He
says he got the bills he gave you from a rich
gentleman named Fairbanks, to whom he ren-
dered a signal service, and it seems evident that
he told the truth.”

“I remember he told me that he saved the life
of the gentleman's daughter,” said Mrs. Hazen. .

“That's quite ‘true, madam. He is a brave lad
 an enterprising one, too. I am very much
obliged to you for your kindness in permitting
me to look at these bills,’ he said,'handing them
back to her. “I will now take my leave.”

As he rose to go he happened to glance out of
the window, and to_his great astonishment he
saw Silas Cobb walking up the steps Po the front
door. _

.“What has brought him here 7” Mr. Shaw asked
himself. “It must be that he, too, has come to
get a.l_ook at these.bills. If he expects to crimi-
nate his nephew’ with them he:ll be greatly mis-
taken. Madam, he said, turning to the widow,

who was about -to answer the ring, “if I mistake ;

not this visitor has come on the same errand as
myself. As he is the boy’s uncle, and not favor-
ably disposed to him, 1 should like to be ent

at your interview with him, but without his ._

knowledge.”
The widow hesitated, but finally pointedto the

"tapestry curtains which separated the little par-

 

lor from the room beyond.

f‘You_ may stand behind those, sir. I trust I am
doing right in permitting you to do this.’

“You may place every conﬁdence in me,
m:11fd)am," said Mr. Shaw (hurrying to conceal him-

se . . . «
A moment or two later the widow ushered‘ Silas

,1'hatfand ask the conductor to let him oﬁ - Cobb into the parlor.-

“Mynianiqia Cobb. ma’am—Silas Cobb. of.New-

 

17.

 

    
        
     
     
       
    
       
    

  

 

 

-18

' looked suspicious.

The widow bowed and asked her visitor to be
seated.- ~

“I have called in relation to the sale of your
late,husband’s express business to my nephew,
Robert Keane. You see, ma’am, the night be-
fore you sold the horse and wagon to him a visit-
or I had stoppin’ at my house was robbed of four
ﬁft_v-dollar bills. He slept in the same room with
the boy, and Mrs. Cobb and me is afeard that
our nephew took the money out of his clothes,
for it can’t be found nowhere about the room. It
is a very suspicious circumstance, ma’am, that
next mornin’ the boy goes to you and buys your
husband’s business for the identical sum that the
gentleman lost."

The widow acknowledge that the circumstances

“What is the name of the gentleman who lost
the a money '.”’ '

“His name, ma’am, is Kenwick Shaw. He ain’t
been here, has he, to look at the bills?”

This was somewhat of an embarrassing ques-
tion for the widow to answer under the circum-
stances, and in order to avoid answering ‘it she
pretended to see something out of the window.

When she returned to her chair Mr. Cobb did
not repeat the question, much to her 'relief, tak-
ing it for granted that Mr. Shaw had not yet
showed up. , .

“I hope your nephew didn’t steal the money,"
she said, with apparent concern. ,

“I’m afraid, ma’am, that he did,” said Mr. Cobb,
with a solemn look. “It is very sad to think that
a’ boy of his, I might almost say, tender years
should be guilty of such a wicked deed. Mrs.
Cobb and me have brought him up with the best
of care; but it ain't our fault if he has turned
out bad. He is a most ungrateful boy, and I reck-
on ingratitude is the worse sin on the calendar.
Have" you got them bills the boy paid you, Mrs.
Hazen?”

“Yes, sir. Do you wish to examine them ‘!”

“Yes, ma’am; I shall look upon it as a favor

I if you will let me see them.”

'3

The widow produced them from her pocket-
“llsuppose you have examined these bills care-
fully, ma’am,' and know what banks they’re on 2”
asked the wily old miser, as he adjusted his

H - glasses upon his nose.

“No, sir; I only looked at the ﬁgures." ‘

“Hum!” ejaculated Mr. Cobb, spreading out the
bills on his knee. “Would you mind raising that
blind a bit, ma’am?f' . _

Mrs. Hazen complied ‘with his request, and the
instant her back was turned e artful old rascal
quicklyxsubstituted the four olen ﬁfties for the
ones the widow had received from Bob. He made
the change in a pretty slick manner, but as the

-con_cealed‘Mr. Shaw was looking directly at him

it -‘guilton. his ward. The contemptible rascal!

when he did it he saw the whole thing.

— “So,” muttered. the gentleman behind the cur-
tains, “it is just as I suspected. Mr. Cobb was
the thief himself, and is now trying to fix tlie
' t

1 .-is mighty lucky for both Bob and myself that I
l to anticipate Mr. Cobb's visit here.”

- “We1l,,ma’an'i, I can't say positively that these
the identical bills that Mr. Shaw lost,” said '
sing, hyprocritically; “but I believe_ they are.-

dare, say they Kéntleman 3

.)v ‘_

_answer just as well.”

 

 

ON THE SQUARE

be over here shortly and will be able _to identify
them perfectly. In the interest of Justice, ma’am,
you must hold them for the present. If my
nephew should be arrested, as I consider prob-
able, these bills will have to be produced in
court.” _
“But I wish to change one of these bills to-day.
I want to use the money,” she said. _
“You must not do it, ma’am. It might enable
my nephew to escape his just deserts.” _
“You seem anxious to have the boy punished,”
said the widow, in an indignant tone. “I should
think that, as his uncle, you would rather wish
to screen him.” ' -
“Justice must be done, ma’am, though the
heavens fall,” said Mr. Cobb, sanctimoniously.
“Well, sir, I must say that Robert Keane does
not look like a thief. I think you may ﬁnd that
_vou are wrongfully suspecting him.”
“I think not, ma’am. The evidence all points to‘
him. It will be conclusive if them bills he paid
you are the same ones that Mr. Shaw lost.”
“I hope the really guilty person» will be dis-  1
covered,” said Mrs. Hazen. '
“I hope so, ma’am, with all my heart,” coin- ‘
cided Silas Cobb. ’ 7' -
“You shall have your wish, Mr. Cobb," said Mr. .-
Shaw, stepping from behind’ the curtains. ‘I’  I
accuse you of the theft of my two hundred dol-
lars, and I think I shall have no diﬂiculty in
bringing the matter home to you." 3,

CHAPTER XV.-Under Mr. Shaw's Thumb.

To say that Silas Cobb was fairly paralysed Tl";
by the unexpected appearance of his late 
would not exaggerate the situation. He stared at"
Mr. Shaw with open mouth and starting eya .._;
His tongue clove to the roof of his mouth,
he could not utter a sound to save his life. Mr.‘
Shaw regarded the miserly old man with silent «
contempt for a moment or two, then he spoke, * '
while the widow I-Iazen looked at them both with
surprised attention. .

“You're a nice man to be the guardian of a ’
decent boy, upon my word you are. Yououglit ,
to be arrested for conspiracy in attempting to
fasten the crime of theft upon an innocent lad, '_ ,
However, 1 shall have you arrested for stealing  .‘
my two hundred dollars, and I think that will’? '

“What——what!” gasped Silas Cobb, turning
white and trembling in every limb. “Have me at-
“rested for stealin’ your money?” - —»,

“Most decidedly."

“You’re crazy!”  .

“Am I?” smiled Mr. Shaw, sardonically. “Mrs. ‘. ..
Hazen, will you please look at those bills you 
hold in your hand and tell me if they are the-
same ones you showed me a little while ago ?” _-'"2:3

The widow, who had no suspicion of the sub- 
stitution so cleverly accomplished by Mr. Cobb E 
while her back was turned, obeyed Mr. Shaw's re? ” a
quest with some surprise. .  ' .--~

“These bills_are different,” said the widovgs .__

:How do ytrgiei know tllliey aié:mdiﬂ'erentZ' "

Because y are; on one bank,
so showed,y.ou  on  

  

 

4!

  
 
 

 

   
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
   
     
   
 
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
     
   
   
  
    
    
  
    
   
 

ON THE

oneﬂol them'ha<’i a cross in red ink on it. I don't
. um __ .

‘Of course you don’t understand. madam, be-
cause you didn't see the bit of sleight-of-hand
that this man performed when you went to raise
the blind at his request. He substituted four
other bills for the four you received from Bob
Keane, and the four ho substituted are the four
that were stolen from me‘ in his house."

"It’s a lie," whined Mr. Cobb.

. “Is it‘! Mrs. Hazen, I want you to witness the
fact that I identify the four bills that you now
hold,as the four that belong to me and to make
the identiﬁcation complete, taking his memor-
andum book from his pocket, “I will read of the
nmning numbers on each of those bills.” - '

, Whereupon he read the numbers, at thesame
«time requesting the widow to note if the numbers
" Jae read corresponded with those on the bills, and
she admitted that they did in each particular.
‘5No)r, Mr. Cobb, you will please produce the
four bills that Mrs. Hazen-showed you when you
asked her to let you examine the bills that your
paid her for the express route.’ _
 Cobb, though driven hard and fast into
a corner, did not want to comply.
‘If you don't do as I say I will send for a
policeman and place you «under immediate ar-
I

Hr. Cobb then brought forth the bills, and Mrs.
Kaaen identiﬁed ‘them as the ones she had re-

 from Bob Keane.
‘ "Now, Mr. Cobb," said Mr. Shaw, “what have
" to say for yourself '.”’ _ _
‘I didn’t steal your money,” he said in quaver-
ymg tones. “I took them bills of yours from my
>  w’s pockets on the night you_ was robbed.“
_"']'|;3t’s a_ very pretty story, indeed," replied
312:. Shaw, incredulously. “Do you tlunk 1} Jury
ould’ believe that in the face of the circum-
atantial evidence against you? Not on your life.”
'  it‘is the truth!” cried Mr. Cobb, so cam-
Ieatly that his accuser decided to ask him to ex-
 side of the case. _ _

Tlien Mr. Cobb, with many protestations of his
innocence, told his story as the reader knows it.
U . Shaw listened to it patiently and felt that the
g . might be telling the truth. ,
ff'You say you took those bills from Bob Keane s
" rs?" he asked.
I did.”
fﬁow do you know that those trousers belonged
 your nephew? Might they not have been your

, ’e trousers? The boys were sleeping to-
' at and their clothes_were not far apart.”
Silas Cobb was not a little startled at this sug-
M u... . Such a contingency had not occurred to

before. n . ,
J» ' “Ky son wouldn't steal vour money, he renlieu

. ed] .
r Igiowydo you know he wouldn’t'.”’ asked Mr.
‘vr shortly. “Are you willing to go into court

‘nephew's‘."’

/Cobb hemmed and hawed, and ﬁnally ad-
. that he couldn’t swear to that fact.

 is the guilty one, you can take my
refit. Isawhiml king atme when!
” the _money, while’ Bob ‘Keane seemed
"It mus porn to me just howrthe

,wu- -nu

    

swear that those trousers you handled were‘

SQUARE 19

in his trousers, intending to hide it in the morn-
ing. After he fell asleep you came upstairs, as
you have described, went to the boys’ bed, picked
up the wrong trousers, found the money you sup-
posed Bob had received from Mr. Fairchild, and
carried it away with you. On the strength of
that you have believed your nephew guilty. Why
didn’t you tell me all this in the morning; then
this trouble would have been avoided. No, you
thought you saw the chance to keep my $200
ﬁourself by throwing suspicion -on your nephew.
ut the most contemptible part of all is your
Act of calling here on Mrs. Hazen for the pur ose
of changln the bills, so that when I saw t em
later I wou d naturally identify them as the ones
I lost. Fortunately. I was ahead of you, and your
miserable scheme has reacted upon yourself.”

Silas %blHas overwhelmed by the situation
he now foun imself in. He looked as mean as
he felt, and had nothing to say in his own de-
fense. .

“Now look here, Mr. Cobb, I'm going to have a
talk with Bob Keane. It's my opinion he's not
over-anxious to have you continue as his guar-
dian——certainly, after your present conduct, I
think you are an unﬁt person to have charge of
his property. If I find he is really disposed to
cut loose from you, I am going to help him do so."

“You can’t do nothin’," snarled the real estate
man. "I'm his guardian accordin’ to law, and I'm
goin’ to remain so."

“Now just listen to reason a moment, Mr. Cobb.
All Bob will have to do is to petition the Probate
Court to remove you as his guardian and appoint
another. He can make his own selection, and if
the court approves of the person he will be a
pointed in your place. I have no doubt but 
Fairchild, being grateful to the boy for saving
his daughter, will accept the trust, and he is
eviéiently a proper person, you will have to ad-
ml Pl

Mr. Cohb remained silent and dejected. He
was no fool, and easily perceived the force of
Mr. Shawls remarks.

. to him  contemplate giving up the prdﬁts he
was_ earning out of the_boy. He wanted to ﬁght
against it tooth and nail, but Mr. Shaw had him
where the hair was short, and could expose him '
to the contempt of the community in which he

* lived if he opposed the plan.

“What 31‘? Y0“ 80in’ to do about ‘our 200?”
he ‘asked sulkily. 3 $ -

“That depends on yourself. If you make no
further trouble for Bob I'll agree to let the whole
matter drop just where it is. I have my money
back. I’ll let you make your commission on the
farm, which I have about decided to buy, and no
one outside of Bob, Mrs.'Hazen and myself will
be any wiser as to your conduct in this matter.
ils that a bargain ‘.”’ .

Much against his will, Silas Cobb agreed to the
condition. \ 3-

“For fear you might your mind I'm
going to have all these bills fully identiﬁed before
a notary, and I shall also take a sworn statement
of the circumstances from Mrs. Haxen. I guess
that will hold you down pretty tight. I think I
that is all now, so we will not detain you any
longer." _ «

Mr. Cobb took up  hat, and, withoutJa word.‘-.

   

But it was a terrible blow  I

      

 .''3

r‘. ’

I
L;

A‘

      

20

left the house a sadder and wiser man than he
entered it.
and boarded a boat for Highland.

. CHAPTER XVI.—-_-The Success of An Honest Boy.

Bob Keane reached Poughkeepsie on the boat
ahead of Silas Cobb,.and immediately started to
look up the few customers who had occasionally
patronized the late Mr. Hazen’s country express.
The boy interviewed them all, and impressed
them with his business-like ways and progres-
sive ideas. He received enough encouragement to
feel satisﬁed that his trip across the river had
not been wasted. The ferryboat was on the point
of leaving her slip for Highland when Bob rushed
on board. In his eagerness to rekh the front
of the boat he began pushing his'way through the
crowd at the entrance to the men’s cabin. It
sometimes happens that “the more haste, the less
speed.” It was so in the present case. In his
hurry Bob didn't notice that somebody had laid

V a small, heavy, japanned box on the deck. His

‘foot caught on it and he stumbled headlong
,_against a small, spare old maid whose back was
toward him.

“I beg your pardon,” began Bob, as he picked
himself up. "I didn’t——”

Then he stopped short aghast, for he was face
to face with the one man of all others he least
desired to meet at that moment—his guardian,
Silas Cobb.

“You young rascal!” exclaimed his miserly rel-
ative. “You did that on purpose. You want to
kill me, you little villain!"

‘He looked so aggressive and sour that Bob
thought it was ,the part of wisdom to get out of
his way. As he drew back Silas made a grab at
him, with some purpose in his mind. The boy,
believing his uncle intended to get back at him

‘for the trouble in the station waiting-room, turn-
edas quick as a ﬂash and darted back the same
way he come. Silas Cobb, cane upraised,
followed in full chase. The boat had already
started out of the slip, but Bob, measuring the

, intervening space with his eyes, took a ﬂying

leap and landed safely with both feet on the
dock. Mr. Cobb stood behind the iron guard rail
and shook his cane at the boy as the boat re-

.eeded from the dock; but Bob didn't mind that
exhibition for a cent now that his guardian could-
n't reach him. The boy hung around the neigh-
borhood until the boat returned from Highland,
when he boarded her and in due time reached the
other side of the river.

Before he landed be cast a wary eye around,
thinking his uncle might be on the watch for him.
He saw no sign of him and hurried ashore. He
went to the place where he had left his horse and

drove to the store, the owner of which had en- '

gaged him to take a load of furniture to a house
on the suburbs of Bloomﬁeld. The employees of
the establishment loaded the stuff on his wagon
in the most approved fashion that would econo-

~ niize space, and then Bob started for his destina-

tion in good spirits. Before he had gone very
far he was overtaken -by Mr. Shaw, who was
driving a rig which he had hired in Newtown.

7 The gentleman told Boh that the stolen money
matter  been fully cleared up, that  had got _

He proceeded straight to the ferry‘

ON THE SQUARE

his $200 back, but he would enter into no expla-
nation just then. He made an engagement with
the boy to call on him at the hotel in Newtown
that evening, when he said he would make every-
thing clear to him. After Bob had had his sup- _

per he walked in to Newtown to keep his en- V

gagement.

“Now, Bob,” said Mr. Shaw, “do you wish to
remain under Mr. Cobb’s’control'.’”

“No, sir," replied the boy emphatically. “Ho
threatened to-day to take my horse and wagon
away from me and sell it unless I gave him every
cent I took in.”

“Then I will assist you in the matter of a new
guardian. When do you expect to see Mr. Fair-
child 7”

“I expect he and his daughter will return to
Jordan’s in a week."

“Then we will let the. thing stand until we
can speak to him about it. I am sure he will
take a great interest in your future welfare.”

Four days later Mr. Fairchild and Fanny‘eame
back to the farmhouse, and the girl welcomed
Bob like a brother, and as the truest of friends.
Bob introduced Mr. Shaw to Mr. Fairchild. and '
then the lad’s future was fully discussed, with
the result that at the next session of the Probate
Court Silas Cobb was removed and Mr. William
Fairchild appointed Bob’s guardian, a change that
the boy relished greatly. Keane’s Express Route
acquired an enviable reputation and became a
very proﬁtable business under Bob’s skilful man-
agement, so much so indeed that he had to put"
a second wagon on before the summer was over,
which wagon was driven by Dan Griswold, who
preferred that work to farming. Bob purchased
Bony -from Cobb, fed him up and made a new
horsepout of him, and we have no doubt but the
animal felt an equine gratitude to the boy as
long as he lived. _ "

During the ensuing winter Bob arranged with
Dan to carry on the route for him, for one wagon’
could attend to all the carrying during cold
weather. Bob himself went to New York and
attended school there. He lived at the Fair-child
home near Central Park until late in the spring,
when the increasing business of his express route
called him back to Ulster’ County. That summer’
Fanny spent altogether at Jordan’s, so as to
be near the boy she had learned to think a great
deal of. This is Bob’s third season with his ex-
press, and he is doing ﬁner than ever, having
quite a comfortable bank account in Bloomﬁeld.’
He is eighteen years old, and a ﬁne, handsome
young man. Fanny is proud to be seen in his
company, and thinks there is not another bo in
the world who can hold a candle to him. Un

she should change her mind in the near future it -C A
eventually ’

seems pretty certain that Bob will
handle a big
through Fanny.

Next week’s issue will contain “AFTER A

share of the Fairchild money

 

FORTUNE; or, THE PLUCKIEST BOY IN rm: . i

WEST.” '

 

There was ﬁre in the eye of the crusty old 
millionaire. “So you want to marry my daughtarfr: .‘

And may I ask, young man, whether you have
aiyaprisiem 1th 7” “The f

“nwaare ey prospectsoxnanp
ing A your da_ughter."_ H . _ V ‘, -

    

  

, .

“I have excellent ones, air.’ _; T

 
  
 

    

  
  
   
    
   
    
   
 
   
   
   
    
     
       
   
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS

 CATCHING moor IN HATS"

.'l'he Fraser River, British Columbia, is alive
 qolichaxis or candle fish, and the Dolly Var-
den, trout are coming to the surface in such quan-
‘Eﬁes that the ﬁshermen can catch them in their
“from the sides.of their boats.»
"rhea? trout feed on the oolichans, and when
are full come to the surface and ﬂoat there
«a while, going with the current instead of
‘ ‘ st it as is their custom.

Oolichans are so full of oil that the trout be-
very fat after the small ﬁsh arrive in the

ured and they ranged from 15 to 18 inches in
circumference. '

After the large hail ceased falling a heav
rain and hail storm followed, the like of whic
old timers said they had never seen before. Many

end, and scores of them were found in their
homes crying and praying.

ST. JOHN DRY DOCK TO HAVE WORLD'S
LARGEST CAISSONS '

The North of Ireland Shipbuilding Company
has just completed at Londonderry, Ireland, one
of the two largest caissons in the world. This
they have built for the St. John Dry Dock and
Shipbuilding Company, whose masonry dry dock,

IMMENSE HAIL FALLS

phenomenon occurred when chunks of ice,
' e from one pound to one-and-one-half
- .fell for a period of twenty-ﬁve minutes,
= not the slightest sign of rain and the sun
,most of the time. The large hail stones
{ya a large cloud that passed over the city,
 4 had traversed some distance before the
 to fall, showin that they had come a

istance. _0ne oft e stones weighed two

with a depth of water over the _sill of 42 feet,
was recently opened and in full operation. The
new caisson has six completed docks. When the
other caisson is completed two ships 600 feet long
can be accommodated.

  

BOYS. READ THIS

 YOU KNOW T-HERE'S A DANDY DETECTIVE-STORY PUB-
T . . LICATION ON THE NEWSSTANDS EVERY i
TWO WEEKS, ENTITLED

4 MYSTERY MAGAZINE? 9’ t

‘ leontains 64 pages of good solid reading matter—the' kind of stories that
fp you like a vise and hold your eyes on the type from the beginning to
vtgqafend of each yarn. No. 158 is out! Why don’t_ you get a copy and read

a “THE MYSTERY AT ROARING WATERS"

W ‘ By HARRY .ADLER

’‘ _ s a corkerl Then a new two-part serial by JOE BURKE begins, called '
 “BEATING THE BURGLAR ALARM”

  
  

  

  

 

5' The short stories are,“THE RENT IN THE WARP," “THE UNWEL-
ME LESSON,” “THE GIRL IN THE CASE," “THE INEVITABLE,”
_ ' BREATH OF SUSPICION," “THE MUTILATED CLUE.”

_’?I;0I}ISE RICE, the famous reader of handwriting, has a department in
l V she will tell you, ‘from studyin’g your, writing, all you wxsh\to know
__t»ypurself, and she doesn't charge a cent. »’ ’

V  all/this,‘ there's no end of interesting short articles, such as “Dap- 

 
 

pounds. Some of the large hail stones were meas- ' ‘

Mexicans believed the world was coming to an .

1,150 feet long, 140 feet wide at the entrance, and »

 
     
     
     
      
     
      

.- o Facing’ ' ' JPrison,"‘ “An Automatic Burglar’ Gun,” “Pink Candle Thie,\ies,’,’]
— l " ' ' * al"_ and-“A French Crime_Museum." . I

    
  

  

 

 

  

    

 

22

Rob and the Reporters

_ 0,’-_ _
Hustling for Wax-‘News’ by Wireless

By ‘GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER V.--(Continued).

At ﬁve o’clock next morning a. messenger put
in an appearance and handed Rob two sealed
packets so prepared that they could easily be
hidden on his person, also a pass for himself and
attendant through the British lines.

An hour late: the Isabel sailed.

The passage to Rotterdam was quickly per-
formed and without mishap.

And now Rob could not but congratulate him.-
self upon Walter’s companionship, for the young
Bostonian spoke both French and German suffi-
ciently well to make himself understood, as did
Edith, while our hero knew only his mother
tongue.

‘They went to a hotel and found no difficulty
in engaging rooms.

Next morning Rob and Walter started out to

‘look up an automobile, and purchased a second-
hand car in good condition at what seemed under
the circumstances a reasonable rice.

“It seems as if everything ha been made sin-
gularly easy for us,” declared Edith, when they
returned and told her, but Rob looked rather
grave when he replied that he feared their trou-
bles were yet to come. ’

“We are liable to have the car taken from us
the moment we cross the Belgian frontier,” he

’ said; “the man we bought it of gave us no en-
couragement that it would be otherwise. There
is worse still.” '

“Bless me!” cried Edith, “what now? Out with
the worst, Rob.”

“It seems that there are two towns called
Durelle in Belgium; the one just over the fron-
tier is not the one in which the sanitarium where
your mother is staying -is located.”

“Are you sure?”

“The auto man was positive. He says he has
been in both, and knows Doctor Papineau, the
proprietor, personally. I'm afraid there can be
no mistake."

“And where is the other Durelle?”

Away beyond Brussels in the very region where
the ﬁghting is now going on."

Edith turned pale.

“My poor mother!” she exclaimed. “Then there
‘is no telling what may have happened to her?”

- “I'm afraid it's so,” replied Rob. “I hated to
tell you. ‘We shall have to pass directly through
the danger zone.”

“And we can’t go to Brussels by train?”

“Oh, no! No civilians are allowed on the few

trains which are running. It will he in,I'possible." .
‘ “And I am taking you boys out of your way

“gun ksepint we Iron 3°11r.wo,lr." 

 
 
     

1:;

r

   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 
   

w.l..vaf-in

. .._s_..'A. i:..-

-“There you are wrong,” replied Rob. “You ‘I
know I told you that my orders were to open one ' 3
of those packets when I reached Rotterdam I
did slof last night and] folund a letter Ga;idresse'i‘l to
myse , giving me t e ocation of neral ay-
1or’s corps. We shall have to pass through the
very section in which the right Durelle is located
' d t .” -

m “o1{n_firut;(l)1egr1e ddhwlee start ?" ‘ _

“It is up to you, Edith. We are ready at any ‘
time.”

“W'lha1t9i’r1 the world shall we do if we lost the
car, 0 . ’

“The best we can. Personally I advise you to a
remain in Rotterdam or to return on the yacht
to London.” ' '

“Do you really mean it?” _

“I really mean It. I consider the risk alto-
gether too great.”

“So do I,” added Walter, gravely. “If you
were a sister of mine I should positively forbid

“Perhaps your sister w_ouldn't mind _you, "'5
then!" ﬂashed Edith. “I’m going—that’s all there.‘ .2
is to it, boys. I'm ready to start whenever you -,
say the word.” '31

With this, she went into her own room and 
shut the door. .  

“By Jove! I admire her spunk,” said Walter. '

“I told you how it would he," replied Rob. ‘
“Edith is not one of the kind to be ‘turned from‘ 3
her purpose on account of danger.”

“She certainly is one ﬁne girl,” assented Wal- 2
ter, looking Rob squarely in the eyes. “You think ’'s
so, too?” , - 

Rob reddened as he replied: 

“Indeed, I do.” _‘

“Say, old man, I'm going to ask you :1 personal‘
quedstion. Answer or not,~as you please,”.Walte:..

' 
“‘5«w..ue»

“Do you. love her?
have thought so.”

Rob hesitated. ~ ' ~ 

“Oh, you needn’t answer if you don't wantto. '
It's none -f my business, of course.” . _ -H

“It isn't that,” replied Rob. “I have becolné ‘t-,
very much attached to Edith, I will admit, but —_I 
don't know that it means that I actually love hem,-3.
Where would be the use in allowing myself to, .,
fall in love? I am only a poor reporter; she is 1";-3
a wealthy heiress, according to Mr. Terrence, and 
I have no doubt he told the youth. Besides, it is ‘ 
only a matter of a few days, under any cir-"35,;
cumstances, when we shall part, probably 
to meet again” 

“Well, that’s so,” assented Walter; “all fJiO’=_.,
same, you have dodged the question" 9:’
f lltie was wrong. Rob had spoken precisely as 

e . 

He had certainly grown very ‘fond of Edith, @  i
he was not willing to admit even to himself tilt
he was in love. I 

The boys talked it over, and it was decided-Q»-
start et'four in the afternoon and cross the  »
gian frontier just afte: dark. 4

The guide book was now most carefully 

 «Tan!» wmseeo“   .  

  

   

There are times whenlkl

v E‘

 

 

 

1 /I

   

  

   

FAME AND FORTONE WEEKLY

coon’ READING

 
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
 

V.

DOCTORS’ PAY IN OLD DAYS

. Bird cages and tin pans in exchange for medi-
cal treatment in the early days in Kansas seems
to have been one method used by physicians in
A collecting their bills. In some old records in the
7 Probate Court vaults an account was found ﬁlled
aha former prominent doctor of McPherson,

., long deceased. The account was for medi-
cal treatment from Dec. 26, 1837, to Jan. 1, 1838,
. for which a charge of $4 had been made; The
.2 following notation was made on the bills: “Credit
by 1 bird cage, .90; credit by 1 tin pan, .25;
credit by another tin pan, .15; credit by I hook,
’ .05. Total $1.35. Balancedue, $2.65.”

SHOOT 12,000 FEET
PWARD

vAvi:_;tors will do well to _fly high and _higher
the better in the next war, if any comes, if they
wimt to escape Uncle Sam's newest arm, a 50-
ealibre machine gun ﬁring 500 shots a minute,
. .with a horizontal range of 27,000 feet and a per-
"pendicular range of from 9,000 to 12,000 feet.
At the 62d Coast Artille y anti-aircraft demon-
xtrations at Fort Totten, . J., it was shown the
,< Cir is going to be untenable for bombing planes
up‘ to 10,000 feet, and dangerous up to 30,000
feet. -

' NEWEST GUNS}

Five planes flew over from Mitchell Field at.an
altitude of more than 10,000 feet, yet, according
to those in charge of the demonstration, they
were marks for the newest gun.
7“ Anoth r gun demonstration at Fort Totten re-
cently welis a 3-inch weapon on a mobile mount,
ﬁrin ﬁfteen shots a minute, eﬁective up to 21,-
000 eat, and with a 360-degree traverse, allow-
ing the gunner to follow his target in any di-

rection.

    
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
     
 
 
  
  
   
  
     
 

 

3oo,ooo PHOTOGRAPHS PER MINUTE

. h t th at of 300,000 a minute—
iﬂiilii?-t<i)i§el-£i:i,mf2saas fieist ag those reeled off by the
Ilow-motion picture camera—-are being made at
fﬁlioeburyness under British Government au-
, . The camera used in _these lightning
pshotsweighs two tons and is bein used by
irdnance experts to examine the be avior of
- . and armor plate.

1: has shown clearl , also, what happens to a
‘ ball when struck y a club-head. The ball is
ﬂat on one side during the 1-],200th part
-a second that the driver is in contact with its
surface.

Ali exceedingly hard rubber ball, teed up and
V shot’ at by _a wooden plus projectile. pc-
_ ..... V some curious shapes before returning
‘"95 . to-the simple life of a stationary sphere.

 shape of a half moon. Flying through
v3i.r,"~it _ (led in the direction of ti: ht un-
Itlooked .'  egg. Strikm a stee plate,
-.u 1-'_c 0 
1 ‘I O of aﬁeoin stuck on a wall’. Then
‘ mix : ' Jltﬂin ,§i>hnre--*= *9 -:

J.

 
 
 
      

l- v

     
  
 

-. the projectile hit it, the ball was pressed _

' direction until’ it had » -

A _’..U-..

CROWS ARE STILL ALIVE

Abe Roe and three other Weir men, who re-
cently became enthusiastic members of an organ-
ization for the protection of wild life, plan to use
reverse dynamite the next time they arrange
for wholesale slaughter of the despised crow.
Cherokee County pays a bounty of 3 cents for
every crow head. Near Weir there is a grove
which is used as a rookery for crows. It is said
that millions of crows obtain their lodging there
nightly.

Inspired by the idea of their organization. Roe,
a grocer in private life, and his three associates,
decided to kill the entire ﬂock of crows in one
great massacre. All day last Sunday they
worked “mining” the grove with sticks of dyna-
mite. The sticks were tied on to tree limbs to the
number of eighty-seven. Electric wires were run
in a wonderful maze and a battery was put in
position. After darkness had arrived the four
returned to the edge of the grove to touch off the
dynamite. The crows were making much ‘noise.
The switch was thrown. There was a tremend-
ous explosion.

Bright and early the next morning Roe and his_
associates trucked out to’ the grove prepared to
gather up the dead and haul the heads to Co-
lumbus.. Under the trees they found two dead
crows.

Dynamite explodes downward. The crows in
the tree limbs above were as safe as if they had
been in Arkansas.

. _“Mystery Magazine”
SEMI-MONTHLY 10 CENTS A COPY

-i— LATEST ISSUES +.

152 wmroxs or HATE, by Eric Howard,
153 IN in-zsrziivi-1. by Frank Bllghton.
154 THE HOLSE on THE ROCKS. by .ia¢g.g.,c;,.,..t .

The following and future number: of this magnum.
Prlee 15 cent;

155 LAUGHING DEATH'S TRAIL, by moi, Lei;.,,. ,,,,,_'

gensen.
ma rm: MEDICINE DROPPER. by G. p. wuson
157 A QUESTION or KICK, by Eugene Jones. ‘

THE MYSTERY AT ROARING WATERS
. By HARRY ADLER
Ont Today In No. 158
HARRY E. wonrr. Publisher, Inc. -
use West 234 Street New York cu,‘

“Moving Picture Stories”

A Weekly I-nun. Devoted to rnoupiay.’ and Phnu 

PRICE EIGHT CENTS PER COPY

Each number contain: Three Stories of the Ben Fun;
on the Screen—lle ant Halt-tone Scenes from the Pu 3
—lntei-estlng Artlceg About Prominent People in the
Films-Doings or Actors and Actresses in the sins.
and Lessons in Scenario Writing. -

.7 HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher. luc. _
.. New 

or 1 "_.‘

 

  

 

0

24

FAME AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY

INTERESTING RADIO News AND HINTS

 

THE AUTO TRANSFORMER

A:n iron core transformer in which the entire
winding serves as the primary, while taps taken
oﬁ' a portion of the same winding enable a cer-
tain portion to act as the secondary.

THE RADIO IN YUKON

Radio dances have_ become one_ of the most
popular forms of entertainment in the Yukon
during the last winter, says “The Popular Science
Monthly”. .

Residents of Dawson and many sma_.ll.settle-
ments along the Yukon River have tripped the
light fantastic to broadcast music played by the
best orchestras in the United States.

ROME RADIO STATION

With the installation of a wireless receiving
set in the apartment of Pope Pius, and the es-
tablishment of a broadcasting station in Rome
for Italian amateurs, the Vatican soon will be
able to listen-in on programs from practically all
centres in Europe.

The set in the Pope’s apartment is not yet in

full operation, but when it is his Holiness will
be able to obtain recreation by listening to con-
certs and political speeches.

The broadcasting station opened in the Palazzo
Alﬁeri is the ﬁrst of its kind in Italy. It will
broadcast concerts, news happenings’ and

speeches.

RECOGNIZED RADIO SINGER’S VOICE
The voice of his brother missing for ﬁve years
was heard over the radio recently by William
Martin, a farmer of Lakeville, near Rochester.
As the result, Martin, who was unable to identify

‘ the broadcasting station, has started a search.

Martin, with a group of friends, was listening
to a concert when he exclaimed that his brother
was singing. He lost the station a few seconds
later and eﬁort to pick it up failed.

Martin said his brother, George, ran away from
their home in Cattaraugus County five years ago

when the father opposed his ambitions to study

music.

‘ A MERCURY VARIABLE CONDENSER

There has appeared on the market a variable
condenser which makes use of liquid mercury
under pressure. The application of greater or
la’ pressure causes the mercury to spread more
or less over the mica dielectric and to produce
greater or less capacity eﬂect. The mercury is
unlikely enclosed, eliminating all possibility of
dust and dirt, and, therefore, leakage and noises.

\ It is claimed that this new condenser will stand

more than 5000 volts, so that it can be used for
law-power transmission as well as for receiving.
Because of the simple construction. the price is

 moderate.  _ I

 

'14‘ . . , 4.‘

THE SUPERDYNE RECEIVER

Like most of the recent advances in broadcast
receivers, the principal feature of the superdyne
1S its special radio. frequency amplifying circuit.
Both the input and output circuits of the ﬁrst
tube are carefully tuned to the incoming wave,
which is an arrangement that is bound to give
remarkable ‘results. The possibility of oscillations
has been eliminated by the ingenious device of a
reversed tickler coil. The tickler gives the tube
negative regeneration, which discourages its
tendency to oscillate instead of aiding it, as the
usual tickler does. In tuning in on a station
both the grid circuit and the plate circuit are
tuned by variable condensers. If the set clicks
and breaks into oscillation, it can be immediately
stopped by a turn of the tickler or stabilizer dial.
It may be necessary to turn the stabilizer at right
angles to the grid circuit coil in order to pick up
a station. As soon as the set starts to oscillate
it should be tuned down immediately. Then, after
both grid and plate circuits are tuned to reson-
ance with the incoming signal the coupling be-
tween the stabilizer and the grid xcoil can be
reduced until the_ volume of signal is’as great as
desired or until the set is just below the point
of breaking into oscillation. Complicated as all
this may sound, the set can be operated with
but little practice. It will not only tune sharpl ,
but it will bring in distant stations with ample
vo ume.

“ATTIC FACTORIES
One phase of radio as to which there has been

.
s
. ,.,.._».._.__...__ ...u...l../1...Anal-

 

much speculation is what proportion of the more 

than 2,000,000 radio sets in use in the United
States today are home-made, and what propor-
tion are factory made. Manufacturers of part":
sold to home builders contend that about 80 per
cent. of the receipt from sales of radio apparatus

by dealers have been from radio parts, and 20 '

per cent. from complete sets. The “complete set’
business has taken a spurt lately.

The writer who, out of curiosity, had been look- 4;

ing up the matter of complete sets, as compared

with parts, found in addition to the fact that \ '

the great majority of sets used today are home
.,made, that a very large proportion of the com-
plete sets are made, not in manufacturing plants,
but by what might be called ”attic manufactur-A
ers.

There are throughout the country several thou‘-
sand so—called “radio engineers,” who are mak-
ing sets. One man connected with one of tb
large automotive houses has made 17 sets. of
the well-known reﬂex type._ He was so success-

 

ful in making his own ﬁrst set and so enthusiasﬁ . 

about results he got with it that he actually

wished on himself the job of making sets faf 

his friends. _,
man’s labor it would have been nearly as ex‘;
pensive as to buy a set in the first place, 3,.»
even then they would not have had the 
which he supplied which each set he made. 
is ab’ interested inihis friends’ sets. as well _

   

If his friends had to pay for an 5'

   
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  

his own, that he looks after any little difficulties
hich arise and keeps them in shape. As a mat-
_ ter of fact this man installed and set up the
“  for nothing except the fun of the game.
 A man connected with the advertising staff of
;a nationally known magazine made a set for
“himself and it worked. He made another for
his father and it worked. Now he is making a
couple more for people who have heard these.
» A man in Astoria, L. 1., is making his seventh
east. There are actually thousands of such cases.
. Then there is another type of “attic manu-
. actui-er.” For instance in Union Hill, N. J., a
. _ man who ran a garage found he could earn more
" money making up radio sets and selling them
than he could with his garage. So he hired a
manager to run the garage business and pro-
ceeded to make four or ﬁve sets a week for
. his friends.
 It is no small part which “attic manufactur-
_ -7ers"' are playing in the development of the radio

 

ABOUT Ni=:U'rRopYNEs°

When building a neiitrodyne set the angle at
ﬂvhich the neutroformers are set is 64.7 degrees.
To neutralize it tune in at as loud a signal as
Howls will undoubtedly accompany it,

y will be eliminated as the set is bal-
'I‘hen take the second radio frequency
ampliﬁer tube out of the socket and place a piece
{If paper over one of the fil ent tips on the base.
If the set is equipped wit a rheostat for each
— -tube, then all that is necessary is to turn out the
- ﬁﬁlament of the ﬁrst tube. If the other method
1' used, replace the second radio frequency am-
r tube in the socket. Only the plate, grid
, - one ﬁlament tip will make contact in the
“- Cﬁket, because the other ﬁlament tip is covered
ijth paper. Then adjust the second neutrodon
until the signal disappears or reaches minimum
u. ity. Fix the neutrodon permanently in the
sition. Then remove the paper from the ﬁla-
_t tip and light the ﬁlament, placing the tube
1' operation. The ﬁrst radio frequency tube is
‘then removed from the socket and paper is placed
on one ﬁlament tip and the tube replaced in the
.-ﬁlocket. Then adjust the first neutrodon until
.the signal is at miniumum intensity. The _ﬁrst
' can then be put in operation and the set
uld function pro rly. If the set is Qrrectly
ced no sque s or’ howls will be heard

V ughout the tuning range of the set.

    
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
 
 

.<,-|
i

   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

TRANSFORMER CONNECTIONS
There is a rightand a wrong way of doing
- ‘g and this truth is perhaps more evident
radio than in any other art. A wrong diagram
‘ be followed minutely, yet the set of one
' who followed the diagram will work like a
' -- while that on another fan will work poor-
if at all. The two sets may be connected in
1-, seems tb be exactly the same way, ,b_ut
results obtained from one are entirely dif-
- from those obtained with the other. The
. to this paradox lies in certain little con-
 wlrich, while they look the same, are
,qaite diﬂereut. » .
‘— the whdings of an audio frequency trans-
l$_ most the térmifnalo of train-

   

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

25 !

formers are marked P. G. B. and F. but in other
cases only two letters appear for the four ter-
minals. In such cases a letter P is placed be-
tween two terminals and the letter S is placed
between the other two term

The P refers to the terminals of the primary
coil, while the letter S refers to the terminals
of the secondary coils. In some other trans-
formers besides the letter P and SE two terminals
are marked 1, while the others two terminals are
marked 2.

Now there is a right and wrong way _to con-
nect these terminals into their respective cir-
cuits, and if ‘they are n6t‘connected properly poor
reception often accompanied by distortion will
be the result. ‘

If your transformers are marked P. B. G, and
F, you cannot go wrong on making the connec-
tions. The P should be‘connected with the plate
side and the B with the B battery side of the
plate circuit of the preceding tube, while the G -
should be connected with the grid side and the
F with the ﬁlament or C battery side of the -
grid circuit of the succeeding tube. x '

If, however, your transformer is marked P and
S, you will have to see what is what before
making your connections. .

There are two leads from each coil of the
transformer. One lead is from the beginning
of the winding. this end being nearest the core.

The other lead is from the end of the winding ,
and is the end of the winding farthest from the _ .

core.

The primary winding and leads are marked P, .

while the secondary winding and leads are mark-
ed S. The beginning of the primary winding is
marked 1 and B. while the end of the winding
is marked 2 and P.

The beginning of the secondary» winding is
marked  and F, while the end of the secondary
winding is marked 2 and G.

Now, regardless of what the terminals are
marked, it is always a good idea to look at the
coils of the transformer and see where the leads
from the terminals originate. In practically all
cases you will ﬁnd that you will get the best,
results_if the beginning of the primary winding
(1,B)_ is_connected with the B battery side of
the circuit the end of the primary winding (2 P)
is connected with the plate side of the circuit;
the be3‘1nl11l_1R'. (1.17) of the secondary coil'is
connected with the ﬁlament or C battery side of
the grid circuit and the end of the winding (2 G)
is connected with the grid side of the grid cir-
cui .

_ C

You must be especially careful of transformer
connections when experimenting with reﬂex cir-
Cllltii since in such cases the circuit will not
W<l>!' D!‘0Pel‘1Y_\unless the transformers are prop-
e_r y connected. In such cases the principles out-
lined above do not always hold and the best
connections are often found only by trial. ‘ The
windings can be changed around and reversed
until best results are obtained.

Care in such details and experimenting along

‘these lines will often reveal the reasons why a

receiver that should work like a charm does not
and also explain why little changes which do not
seem very-important will often make the diﬂ'er-
uiee, between good  poor V

 

  

  

 26-
Fame and Fortune Weekly

._____-—

   

NEW YORK,’ JUNE 6, i924
TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

 

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Postage Free 8Ceuts
One Copy Three Month|.. .. “ “ $1.00
one Copy six Months...” .. " “ (I)
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . .. “ " 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00.

HOW TO SEND MONA-J!—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
1}! any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
Mamps the same as cash. When sending siiver wrap
the Coin in a re arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
Address letters to

HARRY _E. WOLFF, }Harry E. Woltr, Pres.

Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander, sec.
166 W..23d St, N. Y. L. 1*‘. Wilzln. Treal.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

CITY HIRES A RAT CATCHER

Rats are so numerous in Natchez, Miss., that the
Wom..n’s Advisory Board of the City Council
has arranged to bring a professional rat catcher
to rid it of the pests. All civic ‘bodies and the
merchants of the city will be asked to join in the
campaign under his direction, and it will be car-
ried out on an extensive scale. Thousands of
dollars of property damage has been done by the
rats.

MERCURY INHABITED?
EXPERT

The planet Mercury may be inhabited, accord-
ing to Professor Bigouran, astronomer, who saw
its passage between the sun and the earth.

“The heat and light on Mercury are seven
times more intense than on the earth,” he said,
“but the atmosphere sgrrounding ghelplanet 115 so
compact that their e ects may e ess vio ent.
~Furt_hermoie, Mercugy, lilfieuthe moon, algviiys
shows us t e same si e an e existence 0 i e
upon it is highly possible.”

MAY BE, SAYS

THE WORLD’S GOLD

Years ago when we first began discussm the
ﬁnancial problems we followed the tables 0 one
Adolph Sotbeer, a Viennese statistician, who said
there was ‘$6,000,000,000 in gold in_ the world;
that all the gold that ever had been in the world
is conserved and still in use; that $4,000,000,000
is in coin and in circulation,-and $2,000,000,000
:= ’ in-ornaments. _

,The report of the United States Treasury for
April 25 says that there was on that date in the
Treasury $3,706,038,318.55. This would imply,
if there had been no increase, that we have pretty
nearly all the gold in the world. Of course, there
has been an increase since Sotbeer’s estimates.
‘The United States, South Africa, Australia, and
other countries have been continuously pouring
‘ into‘ the circulation of the world uncounted mil-

- ,- lions of ‘dollars. All the same we have nearly all
the circulating gold in the world.‘ ‘

s./_ : -

2"  7. I
l

15
,.

 
  
   

I

      

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

FLYING BOAT GOES 15,000

WITHOUT OVERHAUL

The United States Navy ﬂying boat PN-7 re-
turned to Philadelphia.May 7, after a 15,000-
mile cruise with the fleet and over the old Span-
ish Main. Her two 650-horse-power Wright en-
gines carried her over the entire cruise without
repairs and without overhaul, which naval oﬁ-
cers state is an unusual aeronautical record. She
was piloted by Lieutenant A. P. Snody.

The PN-7 left Philadelphia early in January
and joined the ﬂeet in the maneuvers off Culebra.
During that period she was the flying flagship of
Vice Admiral Newton A. McCully and Rear Ad-
miral Montgomery M. Taylor. After this duty
with the ﬂeet she went on a mapping expedition
over the \Vindward and Leeward Islands. Lieu-
tenant Snody also took the Governor General
of the British West Indies on an inspection over
the Dominion, covering what otherwise would"
have been a ten—day journey by boat in between
three and four hours. .

MILES .

 

LAUGHS

“Oh, John, dear, don’t you hear?” said Mrs.
Kidby. “How delightfully the baby crows!’
“Crows? Humph!” said Kidby, “I’d crow myself
it‘ I were boss of the house.”

At supper time. Husband (irritably)—Can’t
you remember where I said I left my glasses at
breakfast this morning? Wife-—I’m sorry, dear,

I really can't. Husband (peevishly)—That just -
shows the forgetfulness of you women. -

Pastor-—It would surprise you‘ to know how
much counterfeit money we receive in the con-
tribution boxes in the course of a year. Thought-.
less Friend—I suppose so. How do you manage
to work it all off?

 

Edward—Isn’t Dick going of in his writing?
Forrest—I hadn’t noticed it. Edwai-d—it seem}!
to me he has lost that exquisite delicacy of touch
he used to have. Forest (ruefully)——by Jove!
You wouldn't think so if you had seen him work
me for ten this morning.

A washerwoman applied for help to a-gentle-
man, who gave her a note to the manager of a
certain club. It read as follows: “Dear Mr.
X—This woman wants washing.” Very shortly ,
the answercame back: “Dear Sir—-I dare say ',
she does, but I don't fancy the job.” ’

 

Mr. Tightﬁst—-And so you are the noble fellow
who rescued my wife from in front of the elec-
tric car at the risk of your life? Take this shill-_ <
ing, my heroic man, as an expression of our un- ~ 
dying regard. Mr. Raggs—-All right, boss. You ""3
know better’n I do what the woman's worth! T 

\ 4

A teacher in an elementary school had giva- 5*}:

lessons to an infants’ class on the Ten Corl- "

   
  

mundments. In order to test their memories 
asked. “Can any little child give me a Cami.

mandment containing -only four words 1'" A 
was raised immediately. “Well?” said the teaehu.
“Keep off the grass," was the unexpected

ir. .'. 5.»

   

. GERMAN HEADMAN A SUICIDE.
4.? Executioner Schwiess, who had cut off the
—' heads of 123 criminals, killed himself with a re-
; volvcr, making the second public executioner to
; commit suicide in Breslau within three months.
Scliweiss was 74 years old and had retired on a
 small pension, having executed his last victim in
.. Cologne late in 1923.
3 His pension was too small to support him and
 a few days ago he told friends that he would
frobably exhibit the ax with which he had ended
23 lives and deliver a lecture on his experiences
-4." to augment his income. He was apparently in
_-‘ good health and up to the last boasted that his
method of killing prisoners was really an inade-
quate punishment for the crimes they had com-
Ill

  
  
   
 
  
     
 
  
   
    
  

We .

Executioner Spathe,-who shot himself three
. months ago, was remorseful and died surrounded
~,by forty-eight candles he had lighted for pris-
_oners he hadvbeheaded. '

JUNKMEN CAN'T BUY RAGS_

The wave of economy which is spreading over
the country is hard on the junkmen, Isadore
‘>8mith, head of a wholesale junk company, at
"ﬂutchinson, Kan., complained. “We used to ship
 a~car f~rags once a week," he said. “Now ‘we
‘can hardl ‘get them at all. P_’eop1e aren't selling
 any more. Theyre holding on to them and
makin things of them.

On e other hand this same wave of economy
is sending a ﬂood of old iron to the junk yards.
The junk buyers say farmers are scouring their

rds and sheds, gathering up all the‘ old metal
.. 5 selling it for junk,‘ to realize every possible
 “The farmers need the money. Stuff
 has accumulated for years on the farms is
 coming to the junkpile," said the junk man.
During the past month one_ concern in Hutchin-
‘has shipped out twenty-six cars of old iron.

 

 

  
   

  
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
 
    
   
   
   
 
      
     
  
 
   

 

~ u
. . MENACE OF INSECT HORDES
Farmers in Derbyshire England, are troubled
about the rapid decrease in the number of plover
which at this season nest upon the moors. To-
‘y there are but doiens where a few years ago
, re wen; hundreds. They have good 81'°1md3
’ s. -
“o{Wlihil?-maeiiiufondly imagines himself lord _of the
: world in which he lives he is actually nothing of
" ’ sort. The true masters of this planet are the
, and while man can easily hold his own
.. the beasts he_is helpless against the in-
‘ ‘Helpless, that is, without_the help of_the
; . : Few have the faintest notion of the might
‘ the insect world,-which far exceeds in number
species, in v_oracity and in er of multiph-
‘..,. all other living things. re than 300,000
.u sorts of insects have been classiﬁed and
 are tens of thousands still to be described.
. . insects left to‘ work their will and multi-
micliccked it would be merely a matter of two
‘ _~  outside three years he ore all crops and
things would be destroyed. The earth
gm‘)! ' , . j : .

  
  

  
  

   
  

,found in the reindeer caves of

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY I . 27
BRIEF BUT POINTED

with birds because some species eat considerable
quantities of grain and fruit. It is, however, es-
sential to remember the fact that the food of
birds consists mainly of insects and that the bird
is the one force which swings the balance of na-
ture against the insect hordes. -

C

UNAFRAID PIONEER WOMEN

_One of the pioneer women of what is now
Finney County, Ka.n., was Mrs. McVey, whose
husband had a stock ranch on Pawnee Creek.
Soldiers who were movin some Indians from
Dakota or Nebraska to 0 ahoma camped on the
creek not far from the‘ McVey ranch. Mrs. Mc-
Vey had a spring milk-house and made a great
deal of butter. She was careful to keep her
spring-house neat and clean. She had not heard
of the Indians being camped near them.

About a dozen of those Indians showed up at
her door and by making signs got her to under-
stand that they wanted a drink. She little

 

dreamed that they were Indians, but thought they .

were.a bunch of Mexicans who could‘ not
English, so got them a cup and pointed to the
spring-house. One can easily guess what a doz-
en wild Indians would do to a woman’s milk and
butter in a spring-house. She soon surmised that
everything was not going on all right and went
down to the spring-house. She grabbed a club
and made those Indians vamoose in a hurry.“

_ While she was yet cleaning up the place a sol-
dier rode up and asked her if she had seen any
Indians. This gave her a fright, because she had
heard how the Indians would massacre and scalp.
Imagine her astonishment when she heard that
the men whom she had scattered with a club
were themselves wild Indians.

CHINESE FIRST TO USE NEEDLE E
OF STEEL ‘AD

The American spooled thread indust’ is
founded on experiments made by ‘the wi p of
Samuel Slater, who in 1793 introduced Ark-
wright’s spinning or cotton gin at Pawtucket, E.
I. Mrs. Slater twisted cotton yarns in an ordi-
nary spinning wheel and made a two-ply thread,
This industry still has to go back to Egypt, the

. mother country of linen, for the sewing cotton

usfd in evﬁry American home.

t is ma e almost exclusively of imported" 1
staple Egyptian cotton. The larger and C03I?S:§‘
sizes, for crocheting and industrial purposes are
made of domestic cotton. The ﬁrst material 'used
by women for binding was made from the long
roots of plants or leather thongs, says the De.
troit News.

Woman's. earliest needle was like an awl and

was not,pierced at the head. The earliest needles
were made of bone, stone or bronze. In the Stone

I

Age needles began to have eyes, this kind being .

France. China
was the first to use needles of steel. This in-
strument, traveling wwtward, reached E

through the Moors. t Nuremberg, Gei1nany,~m
1370, the needle in .

 

..was‘founded and ms: I

ire  at :war  late;r.iii‘Eng1and under

1:

4

 'r.

 

 

23 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
ITEMS OF INTEREST

WOODPECKERS HOLD UP TRA_IN

Mayor Henry Weibrecht of Strong City, who
is an engineer for the Santa Fe on _a passenger
train on the Superior branch, says his train was
held up recently between Superior and Strong
City as the result of a pair of home loving
woodpeckers. The woodpeckers had bﬂlt their
nest in a telegraph pole along the Santa Fe_’s
right of way and a spark from a passing train
entered the hole in the pole and set ﬁre to the
birds’ nest. The pole was burned and fell across
the tracks, carrying the wires with it. The pas-
senger train was ﬂagged by a signal man and
held up while trainmen removed the wires and
fallen pole from the tracks.

PREHISTORIC ANIMAL FOUND IN PER-
FECT PRESERVATION

A few years ago a party of Russian explorers
dug into an ice bank on the Beresovka River, in
Siberia, and there unearthed the remains of an
extinct animal in a remarkable state of preserva-
tion, says the Detroit News. The skin was so
perfect that it was easily removed. Some of the

- hair measured 30 inches. The stubb) tail was

 . V intact. Analysis of the stomach contents showed

grass and ﬂowers of the same types that grow in
Northeastern Siberia to—day. Scientists say the
beast died in August because they found in its
stomach several partly masticated ﬂowers that
bloom only at that time. ‘

ANCIENT SWINDLING GAME STILL FINDS
VICTIMS

Ignoring his plea that he was the deceived, not
the deceiver, a jury before County Judge Humph-
rey in Queens, N. Y., found John Kucharik of
1406 Avenue A, Manhattan, guilty of grand lar-
ceny. Kucharik was charged by Frank Kamarik
of Manhasset with having worked a well-worn
but seemingly still reliableswindling game upon
him, with the resultant loss of his savings of
eleven years, nearly $1,500.

According to Kamarik’s story, Kucharik in-
troduced him to another man, George Smoll, and

the three went to Great Neck on the theory that -

Smoll might buy Kamarik’s house there. They
met another man, who invited them, to act as
trustee in" the repayment of $100,000 worth of
debts his father had left in the vicinity before he
went to the gold ﬁelds and became wealthy. They
were, of course, to deposit sums wrapped in hand-

lerchiefs in the box containing the $100,000. _

Smoll and Kamarik did so.
When Kamarik broke open the box a few days
later it contained, of course, only newspapers.

PLANT THAT EATS ANIMALS I .
Two Amerimn botanists tell of an “animal-

eating” plantwhich they discovered in the depths '

 a-great swamp 40 miles from New Orleans.
- say that  plant devours animals and

. V .

suggests that it is a “missing link” between the

plant and animal kingdom. The stems consist of

“ﬂesh” around a “bone” covered by wrinkled
skin. They say that the muscular force of its
ghastly fronds and long creepers is enormous.
The scientists report they saw several small ani-
mals such as squirrels and rabbits caught by the
plant. When the animals were captured the life
was squeezed out_ of them and they were lifted by
the_fronds to a_big opening toward the top of the
main stem which serves as the stomach of the
plant, says the Detroit News.

W Carnivorous, or, as they are sometimes called,
insect-eating” plans are by no means rare. The
exist by the consumption of insects and small
animals and ‘specimens such as the “pitcher
plant ’ “eat” ﬂies. S_uch plants are found all over

the tropics, always in bogs and marshes.

-—u\

-(An:
4:

2-4:

LOOK, BOYS!

, TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder {Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!

It consists of a handsome‘ parallel

iron frame on which the little yellow

illfln accurately performs like an ath-
e e. .
Five Different Stunts-

THE_ FLYING TRAPEZE — Release are‘
trigger-pi_n and the ﬁgure swings for-
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air andcatches
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LO0P—_A swift swing and
he goes through a wire loop, makes a
turn and, catching by his heels, swings,
head downward from a bar.

THE GIANT SWlNG—He goes forward
with a rush, releases the trapeze, cgtches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again.

He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cir.
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
vented. '

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World!
P R I C E $ 1 . 5 0
The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin are neatly packed in a handsome box.
Delivered anywhere in the United States on:

receipt of price. Address -
WOLI-‘F NOVELTY C0.,

 

.166 W.  St., New York City, N.‘_Y.  "

1 c

 

 

    

    
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
    
    
 

‘SEE that coupon? Remember the day you
urged me to send it to Scranton? Mary,
that was a red letter day’ for us.

“Mr. Carter called me in to-day, and said
had been watching my work ever since

h had learned that I was studying with the

International Correspondence Schools.

“Then he asked me if! thoughttl could take
‘wer George Stevens’ job. I told him I was
 am I could—that I had had that goal in
 ever since I began studying with the
 S.

.“I start to-morrow, Mary, at an increase

 a month."
HOW about you! Are you always going

to work for a small salary? Are you
_ to waste your natural ability all your

' ? Or are you going to get ahead in a big
" y? It all depends on what you do with
-- spare time.
Cbportunity is here--this time in the form
that familiar I. C. S, coupon. It may seem
» a little thing, but it has been the means
"at bringing better jobs and’ bigger salaries to
‘- -» -~-. ofmen and women.
. M

 can have the position you want in the
’ pulihbest, asalary that will give you
yinnﬂfanily the home, the rcoinfoﬂ-5. the
ihnninyou 

     

ﬁx

 

 to have.

 »“I’m Making Real Money Now!”

No matter what your age, your occupation.
your education, or your means-—you can do it!

All we ask is the chance to prove it. That's
fair, isn't it? Then mark and mail this cou-
pon. There’s no obligation and not a penny
of cost. It’s a little thing that takes but a
moment, but it's the most important thing you
can do to-day. Do it now!

——————___ _ _ _ _ ___.L.

-V
INTERNATIONAL eonnssrouonct Icuoou
wmuuu I ':dii‘“i"°° w-M' mm‘ 1
CD!
the would or iiim    33'. 

IUBIIESO TIAIIIIO GIIIJRID
‘hleunndu

:BudnaeI llnnuenant . p"

_ lldlldﬂﬂ Iunnonan Advemdu

.. Plrlunnel Oreulutun norm utun

.. Tnllc lhnuunont show Card uttering

.. BIIIIMII I-II my and ‘ruin
_ Rankin: and Banking Law tub

‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ C.‘P.A.) (‘ml and

.. Nicholson (‘mt .\n-cu.-ulna alive! inn Clark

.1 BOOIKMMM (onna Se I Subjects
.4 l_’r1vav.s Secrstua mzh School Suhjceu

"""'sh from-h hluatnllnl U Cartooning

TECHNICAL AID INDUSYIIAL COURSES
rtn Anhlteot
mu Prim Balding
Contractor and Builder
Arrhlteelural D
(‘menu Builder
structural In [near
Chemistry 1'
Auumob In art
rplano
S otlllurxv Navigation
tum llllllol ‘ A note and Poultry
at J33-"uti-

V
:
‘C
3
'1
3
9|
-
3
‘
i
3‘.

l|-2|-88

 

  

 

 

LITTLE ADS

Write to Rilzer E? King, Advertising Ofﬁres, 1133 Broadway, New York City, or
29 East Madison Street, Chicago, for particulars about advertising in this magazine.

AGENTS WANTED
AGENTS»—200¢‘L PROFIT. WONDERFUL LITTLE
ARTICLE. Something new; sells like wildfire. (‘arry
in pocket. Write at once for free sample. Albert Mllll,
Manager, 1653 American Building, Cincinnau. Ohm.

AGENTS \VAN‘I'ED—Bl¢ Money and Fast Sales. Every
owner buys Gold initials {or his auto. ion charge
$1.50; make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy. Write for
particular: and free nmnlea. American Monogram
00., Dept. li'l. East Orange, N J -
AUTO OWNER—Get. your tires Free!
Agent! Big spare time money-maker! Samnle tires
furnished. No capital or experience needed. Write
today. Armour Tire & Rubber Co.. Desk 674. Day-
ton. Ohio. '
USE OUR HANDSOIIE CATALOG: aet orders from
ovary home for Dr. Blair: famous home on
Liberal pay. Dr. Blair Laboratories, Dept. 542. Lynch-

hurz, Va.
ASTROLOGY

FREE: Astrological reaulinz and complete chart [UV-

erning your lite. as indicated by the stars. Rand
Birthdate. Em~ln=e l',‘c. for this notice Phari Studio.
beak A. I... 1858 Broadway, New York.

HELP WANTED

EARN 3110 to $250 nmnthlv, expenses paid an Railway

Tratﬁc Inspector. Position aunrantved after ‘
lion of 3 months home study course or money refunded
I-xcellem. our-ortuniiies. Write for Free Booklet. CM-
lol Stand. Business Training Inst- Buffalo. N. Y.

BE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity {or men and women
for Iecret investigation in your diltrlct. Write C. T.
Ludwig, 521 Wuuzver Bld¢.. Kanaaa City. Mo.

Be our Factory

PERSONAL—Cont:inued

LOVERS IDEAL LETTER CLUB. stamped envelope
for sealed nlan. Doris Dawn. South Euclid, Ohio.
LONELY HEARTS. Join our Club, be hapoy. corre-
svondeuca everywhere, many descriptions, photo: free;
either sex, moot Iuccesaiul rnethod. 23 years’ experi-

mrze. Slamiurd Cor. Club. Grayalake, Ill.

MARRIAGE PAPER—20th year. Bi] luuo with descrip-
tiuna, photon. name! and addreaeea. 25 cents. No

other fee. Sent sealed. Box 2265 B, Boston. Kala.

IARRY—Particulana. for rump. F. Morrison, S-3053
W Holden Street. Seattle, Wash.

HARRY IF LONELY: “Homo Maker”: hundred!
rich: confidential; rellable;'years experience; descrip-

tions free. ”The Successful Club." Box 556, Oakland,

California.

MARRY—l-‘res photographs, directory and descriptions
of wealthy members. Pay when married. New Plan

Co.. Dept. 36, Kansas City. Mo.

IARRY—NARRlAGE DIRECTORY with photos and
deacriptionlvtraa. Pay when married. The Exchange,

Dept. 545, ixamaa City. Mo.

HARRY IE—Wealthv. but oh. no lonesome. Claire,
Box 55, Oxford. l-‘la.

IARRY—Wr:to for big new directory with photoa and
descriptions Free. National Agency, Dept. A,

Kansas City, Mo.

PRETTY GIRLIE. very wealthy, wants honest. husband.
Girlie, Box 39. Oxiord, l-‘la.

PRETTY MAiDEN—Wealthy.
Claire, ‘Box 55. Oxford, Fla.

PRETTY GIRLIE, with considerable rneanl, will marry.
Nancy, Box 39. Oxtord, I-‘la.

but oh. :0 lonesome.

EARN 815.00-850.00 Weekly at Horne. Stead VI'orIr. OWEETI-IEART8' Corrolnondenco Club. Stunned sl-
Writinx dlanlay cards for us. No canvau tax. No valopo for utitd DNDIIIL Lllllln Svroui. Silt-Ion

expericllwoei nefeaaarnu Rzo inltriuct you lg car“ sh — H. Cleveland. Ohio.

nce. Ito or par man an terms. o. 0- w‘now_ h 3039 _ _

:31“ 311“ 3331"“ Bldlu D"-WW “Wm Matr|rno:y).n B‘-Box oIO:|,InI‘.’(l::l=‘,‘el')I(.T|l|Ve‘l'(,)rr(§:lKl)¢‘I].ndEn‘

DETEGTIVEO NEEDED EVERYVIHERE Work homo wzauuv naucmnau. 4», will many. Conﬁdential,
or travel 9000 III! U. W111! 000118 K 0430: 806. League. Denver. Colo.

Wagner, former Govt. Detective. 1968 Broadway. N. Y. wmow, 30, with 820.000 will marry. C~Box 866,

Id- League, Denver Colo.

EARN IONEY WEEKLY. spare time. at home.
drelolnt. mailing. rnuaie, circulars. Bend 10¢. {or
music infatuation. New England Music Co., 284 Capen.
Dept. A-2, Rarttord, Conn.
RESHARPENINO. Norcapital.
lloueto Bonery, Roaeto. Pa.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED

STORIES, POEIO. PLAYS, eta-., are wanted for publi-
hmlt M85. or write Literary Bureau. 515

ution. Su
‘ Ila.
PERSONAL

ARE Y LONESOIEI Write Betty Leo, lne.. Box
320, y Ball Station. New York City. Bump ao-

nreclaud.

BACHELOR. 38,
866. League, Denver. Colo

GET A IWEETIIEAIIT. Exchange letters. Write me
enclosing stamp. Violet Bay, Dennison. Ohio.

HUNDREDS aeekin: marriage. ll‘ ainoere enclose otavap.
In P. ‘Willard. 2928 Broadway, Chicato. lllinoia.

F LOIIESOIE exchange jolly letter! with beautiful
ladies and wealthy gentleman. Eva Moore. Box 900.

lle. Fla, (stamp).

LOIIESOIET Make friends. you In meet your sweet-

heart. Mrs. Franz. 949 Montana .. Chit-aao.

830 weak. sumo.

worth 3100.000 will lllrry. Y-Box

LOOK WHOSE IIEREI Prinoua OKIE world famous

horoscopes. Get your’: today. Don't delay. Band full
Mrthdata and toe. K. Olie, Box 280. Mar. sq. su.,
New York. N. Y.

WHOI OHOULD YOU IARRY1 \Vo'1ltoll you. Send
301! and birth date to Character Studies, l5l5 Ma-

mnlo Temple, New York Citv.

WIDOW. 4!, worth $30,000, would marry. "Confiden-
t ." B-Box M6, Lea ur Denver, Colo.

vouuo ATTRACTIVE nv, very wealthy. Wiahel
earlv marriage. I-Iva. 3-1022 Wichita, Kansas.

YOUNG WIDOW worth $38,000.00, lonely, will marry.
Mrl. Martin. B-1022. Wichita, Kansas.

SONGWRITERS

LIKE THE LARK. BROADWAY G EMPTY ARI8.
Songs Em will like. 15¢ per copy. Poems w-med.
Maze’: armmy House. Wativrtown, Mass.
WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG-—Wa compose mulic.
Submit your poem: to us at once. New York Melody
Corporation, 405 H, Roma: Bldg, New York.
POEMS W,ANTED—-Sell your song-verses for cash. Sub-
mit Mn. at once or write New Era Music Co.. 1,40.
St. In-air. Mo.

TOBACCO HABIT

TOBACCO or Snuﬂ Habit cured or no pay. S1.00’if
cured. Remedy amt on trial. superb: 00.. PC.,
Baltimore. Md,

MISCELLANEOUS

LEARN To BECOME NICE LOOKING.
instruction Instruction 250.
W. Saratoga BL. Balto.. Md

by tollawinr
Prof. Armstrong, 2105

 

   

cheapestway to Go - -
uo work or action! and recreation 11::

A la?!’ bic.ycIo. Choloo or 44 styles

Day hvu!HoL!:f prepaid.
itduindlavodﬂ
 arm” gggﬂr’
moo? thoamall nonthlypa
pg’ -twin-nt— ball ﬁat
T -"2-“‘”....s.-,-*..~.-..-.-::x.".r'.-..::--....—

 

on) Iowa! WAN!!!) I

EACH (1 tot hundreds of do

or odd ‘ . It may

I-LLU -

TBATED COIN VALUE B00 1103 Get
Ry CA1. .

00 00.. Ave 13. Lcloy. II”. I.

 

IN THE
CONGO
WEA'LTH- IS
COUNTED BY
WIVES

Fresh from the
wilds of Africa,
Robert S. Hill, a
gradute of the
South Dakota
School of Mines,
has arrived in_
South Dakota for
a. visit with rela-
tives. It
him two months
to make the jour-
ney from the in-
terior of the Con-
go, where he has
been engaged in
di:,mond mining.
He first went to
Africa in 1915
and has spent all

his time there
since then, except
for two trips
back to the

United States.
He says there
yet are some
really big chiefs
in the part of the
Congo where’ he
is engaged who
have from 300 to
400 Wives and
who are real Af-
rican kings.
“They used to
have the power
of life and death

over their peo-
ple,” said Mr.
Hill, “but that
has been taken

from them.

"In the villages
many of the men
h a v e several
wives. The men
do ractically no
war except a lit-
tle hunting and
ﬁshing, and their
wives support
them. The only
incentive for 1
man to accumu-
late more prop-
erty is to enable
him to buy more
' _and

ed by the nu'm‘5en
of wives he "

took . ..

I

\

 

  

   
 
   
  
 
   

 

 

~4'\w;.. ‘.

   

DEATH CURSE
PUT ON
CATTLE

Every now and
then a story of

something other
t h a n mutinies
8 n d uprisings

comes from that
“most distressful
country” of Ire-
land. The latest
concerns the man
who cross the
fairies.

In a recent
prosecution be-
fore a local peace
9 ommissioner
quite a lot of
fairy lore came
up because a cer-
tain farm build-
ing had bren
built on a “pass.”
It seems the little
folk always trav-
el in a direct
line and resent
any construction
placed across
their path.

Near the vi]-
lage of Maam
Cross, some miles
east of Clifden,
a returned Irish-
American not
long ago bought
3 large farm, and
as there was
neither cowhouse
no stable began
to erect these
things, despite
Warnings of
neighbors. When
the buildings
were roofed and
cattle installed
therein the ani~
nulls refused to
eat, pined away

Ind died. Not
‘ Intil t h r e e - .
fourths of his

dock was killed
(struck by “elf
Itones," said the
santry), was
convinced and

. removed the

_ ding to an-
Itlier place. Aft-
II’ that his luck

 ‘changed and he

no more cat-
I

GET one of these
little beauties

    

n scari-nﬁrour friends and at.

3.; ..:; thesaunotixnousef nndngroltpoou

‘ Cfo
Inchu
"-::§..jJi:3.*,';m‘ 3:5‘; :.':..'::;".‘..""...."" ‘ “ ,.,s::::i
undo co . . . . . . . . . . . . ouch.
I "n on do our price plus Donate.
uonoy back It not
PATHFINDER COMPANY

pﬁt f 4 3 I14 Slxth Ivonne IUIIVOII

PIMPLES

CAN BE CURED. If you suler from plun-
plon. acne, blackheads, brown gpou or erup-

tions 1 want to send you my eirunlo homo‘

treatment under plain wr:-.pp¢-r. It (Ive me a
soft. velvet)’, smooth and radiant complexion.
and I-ured thuusénnis of men and women.
after e\'<-nllilng else failed. Simply send
name for generous 10 day free trial offer of
my s¢‘I'l't‘l lirunv treatment.
V". H. “'.-\RRE.\'.
5:: Gray R!dz., Kansas City. Mo.

MONEY FOR YOU

Spare or Full Time
lnrrmiucing the famous Artex French Pearl
NP('klﬂt'ES.

No Investment or Experience Necessary
$12 :1 day easy with our new selling idea—-
you take the ()l'(ll'l' after showing sample and
collect your <-ominission immediately. We
deliver and collect balunce~«only 12 sales
daily gives you $72 per week-also ilne spar:
iinw proposition to ladies or men. Send for
p:lrtlt.'lll:lrs and FREE Sample pearl at once.

ABTEK SALES COMPANY
1133 Broadway. New York, N_ Y.

TOBACCO, LIQUOR and MORPHINE
Habits can be overcome with the aid of
HILI/S CHLORIDE OF GOLD PREPARA-
TIONS. Liquor remedy can be given secret-
ly. Particulars Free,
OHIO CHEMICAL WORKS,

Dept. 6, Wesmeld. N. Y.

 M

taught almost any one at home. Small colt.
Send TODAY 2-cent stamp for Dlrtlcularl

and proof.
clonal: W. shun:

Room M-880, 125 N. Jet! Ave., Peoria, Ill.

 

    
 

F ellows—
Let’s Go!

When it comes to real music this
harmonica band of ours has the pro-
fessionals backed oﬁ' the boards. We
don't want any complicated notes to
read—we don't need any fancy stage
effects to put this act across. One
man's as good as another in this
show, so long as he blows a Hohner
Harmonica-—

The World’s Best

There’s nothing like good music {or enter-
tainment and fun; and there’s nothing like A
Holmer for good music. If you want to make
n hit with the kids in your neighborhood, get
busy and organize a harmonica band.

Get a Hohner Harmonica today and play it
tonight. 50¢ up at all dealers. Ask for the
Free Instruction Book. If your dealer is out
of copies. write M. Hohner, lnc., Dept. 165,
New York City.

 

Pay When

GDITB Wall

I have an honest, proton remedy for
[ultra big neck). it check: the
growth I once, reduces the onlsrgo.
moat. Ito punand distrust and re.
Haven in: ituo while. P-y when won.
Tell your friends about this. Write
l°““°°0- DR. ROCK.
hut. 9‘ Iax731. Ilbldoo. II»

BOYS! GIRLS!

  

   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

LATEST ISSUES ——

3133 Always Lucky; or, Winning on His Merits.
934 Out for a Corner; or, A Smart Chicago Boy.
935 The Winning Trick; or, How a Boy Made His Mark.
936 The Young Editor; or. Running a Country News~

a .r.
937 A lgestrokez or. The Lad Who Made a Record.
n38 in the Copper Fields ;‘ or. The Mine That Made
the Money. ,
{I39 Frosiznoa Cent to Fortune; or. A Chicago Boy s Great
op.
940 A S rt in Life; or, A Poor Boy’! Rise to Fame.
941 A ide-Awake Boy: or, Born With a Winning
Streak. '
942
943
S544

Capturing the Money; or. How Ben Bailey Made
His Mark. -
Digging for Gold; or, The Luck of a Boy M11181‘-
A Boy with Grit; or. Earning an Honest Living.
945 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.

946 Fame Before the Footlights; or, The 30! W50

Bossed the Theatre.
947 Lucky Lee the Omce B0)‘; 01'. The NPWWSC L35 in
New York.
Sure to Get Rich; or, A Smart Young! M9890!!!”-
Pushing n Thrmum: nr. The Fate of‘: Lucky D8!-
A Born Speculator; or, The Young Sphinx of ‘Wall
Street.

948
949
950

051 The Wm‘ to Success: or. The Boy Who Got There-

€I52 Struck Oil: or. The Bov Who Made a Million.

9.53 A Golden Risk; or, The Young Miners of Della
Cruz.

95-} A Sure Winner; or. The B0)’ “W0 WM” m" Wm‘ "
Circus.

For sale by all newsdealers, or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price, 7c. per copy. in money or vol-
tage stumps.

nna; FOLLOWING NUMBERS mucus: is can-rs

:>.'u:') Golden Fleece; or, The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

156 A Mad (“ap Scheme; or, The Boy Treasure Hunters
of (‘ocos island.

957 Adrift On the World; or. Working His Way to For-

:l58 Plagliliieg to Win: or. The l-‘uxiest Boy in Wall Street

959 Tuners; or. a Boy From the Slums.

960 A Young Monte Cristo; or, The Richest Boy in the
World.

Won by Pluck; or, The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.
" Beatinrthe Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn t
Be Done. _
A Rolling Stone; or. The BrIi!b""t Boy on Record-
Never Say Die; or, The Young surveyor of Happy
Valley.
34,33 otf the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
t

961
962

S no .

The Chance of His Life; or, The Young Pilot 01
Crytal Lake. ‘

Striving for Fortune; or, From Bell~Boy to Million-

a re.
Out for Business; or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune; or, Striking it Rich in Wall

Street.
Through Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of 1
Smart Boa; A
nolng His vel Best; or. Working His Way 17!)»
Always on Deck; or, The Boy Who Made His

Mark.
A .\lint of Money; or, The Young Wall Street
' Broker. ‘
M4 The Ladder of Fame;

Senator.

. IIAIIBY K. WOLFE, Publisher, Inc.. M

I06 West 284! Shed New York Cit!

or, From hoﬂlce Boy to

 

scenuuuos {:,‘,’.}’1"ET$,‘,.._M

Prion 85 Cents‘ Per _Coyy

This book contains all the most recent chanson
in the method of construction and submission oi
scenarios. Sixty Lessons. covering ever phase of
uenorio writing. For sale by all News ealers and
Booknoreu It you cannot procure a copy. send us
in price. 35 cents. in money or posts is stamps, and
we will’ mail you one. postage free. drlreu.

..§¢ggg|@|,“31Q Igvgpﬂg 910,,‘ '0'’ ‘Clip 8. '8

    

I .

OUR TEN-CENT HAND. BOOKS

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They euntain~

Valuable Information on ‘Almost
Every Subject.

No. 1. NAPOLEON’s ORACULUX AND DBIAX
BO0K.—Containing the great oracle of human destiny;
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dream!»
toggther with charms, ceremonies, and curious games of
car s. .

No. 2. HOW TO DO TRICKS.—.-The great book of
magic and card tricks. containing full instruction on all
the leading card tricks of the day. also the most popular
magical illusions as performed by our leading magi-
cians; eve? boy should obtain a copy of this book.

‘No. 3. OW T0 FLIR'l‘.—The arts and Wiles of ﬂirt!-
tion are fully explained by this little book. Besides the
various methods or handkerchief, fan. glove. paraool.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the
language and sentiment of ﬂowers. ~

No. 5. HOW To “AXE LOVE.—A complete guide to
love, courtship and marriage, giving sensible advice,
rules and etiquette to be observed. with many curious
and interesting things not generally known.

No. 7. HOW TO KEEP BlRl)S.—Handsomeiy illus-
trated and containing full lll.\'ll‘ll(‘ll(}ll.\‘ for the manage-
ment autl tr.-lining of the c:in:lr_\', mockingbird, boholink,
blncklnrd. pnroqllet, parrot. etc. ,

No. 8. HOW TO m«:c0.\u-: A SCIE.\"l‘lS’l'.—A useful
and instructive book. giving a complete treatise on
rhemi:~'try: also experiments in acoustics, mpg,-hgmg,
mathematics, chexnistry. and directions for making the-
works, colored tires. and gas balloons. This book call-
not be equalcd.

xo. 9. now To BECO.\ll-I A \‘E.\'TRlLOQU1s'|-__.
BY Harry ixeunedy. Every intelligent boy reading this
book of instructions can master the art. and create any
amount of fun for himself and friends. It is h -
est book ever published. ' e gm‘:

No. 10. How To BOX.-—The art of self—defense made
easy. Containing over thirty illustrations or guards.
blows and the different positions of a good boxer,

Every boy should obtain one or these useful and in-
structive books. as it will teach you how to box with-'.

0ll§_‘?nl1ln!It’;l(l)C‘t‘(’)1".r0 W“ T
.°.:'.‘;‘*.‘.'.:*.€..‘.‘.':::..”::.'.:v 
mrf€:s1fs°.r ‘"3135 $3, 3113' IT; on. BOOK or :11.
QUE'l‘TE.—lt is a great life secret. and one that every

Young man desires to know all about.‘/There’; mpg- . .
n .

ness it.

No. is. now To KEEP A wmnow a
Containing‘ full instructions for constructing “."3;7.§'.‘:
garden eit er in town or country, and the mos: .pp'-oyd
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers ill home. The
most complete book of the kind ever puhllsnpd_.

No. 11. HOW TO DRESS.—C ti ' ’ _
tic: in, thedart of dressing and a(;)>‘;l)e:;xl-Iilriigf  
an a roa . givin the selections I‘ l ..
and how to have t em made up. 0 M on’ m-tend‘

No. 13. now so BECOME nn.w'rn='rL.-03, of 

brightest and nzlostyaiuable little books \-

the world. Everybody wishes to know hoe“-ertog"en to
beautiful, both male and female. The secret
and almost ﬁigtless.

No. :0. W T0 ENTERT.-\I.‘I AN nvnxnca
PAR'l‘Y.—A complete compendium of games, u‘
card diversions.. comic recitations, etc., suitable for pa'r~
lor or drawing-room entertainment. it contains mom
for the money than anv book published.

‘No. :2. now To Do sncoxn 8lGl!T.—Heller‘s see-
ond sight ex lained by his former assistant. Fred Eu
Jr. Explain ug how the secret dialogues were carra
on between the magician and the boy on the stage; also
giving all the codes and signals.

NO. 23. HOW TO EXPLAIN DBEA.‘S.—Thl8 W H

book gives the explanation to all kinds or dreams. to-
gether with lucky and unlucky days.
No. 28. HOW To TELL FORTtlNEs.—Every one i

desirous of knowing what his future lite will bring forth, '

whether happiness or Iuiserv,
can tell
convince

For sale by all newsdealers. or will be sent to an;
address on‘ recept of price. 10:. per copy.

wealth or poverty. You

in money or ltampl. by .  3
-. i ‘ ‘
BARRY E. WK)LFE.’Publishc, Inc. 

become’
is simph,

Ry a glance at this little book. Buy one and llo

’..’:'

 

=5 i . .. V. V .
" Vte-e‘n‘a».9.".a.i\%Ho%nIn.V ’ '

Yr.

l

.>t.‘_£..i f u‘a.'.rm..'.".;‘h:‘.'§aXad&i.."“‘ '  ‘

   
 
   
     

    