M 1134 NEW YORK, JUNE24, 1927

Price 8 Cents

 

1§N@@7;< nr MLLEM,
 39L\%Eﬂ;:.41WA!«L3~TR.§ETMY5TEF‘1-4
_ i ’ “e52/77.5’£z/‘ /55//34434?  &<§~:@;.,§%«%\

  
     

 

  

    

AND (77719? STORIES

 

As Bender reached for the box of bullion Dick came into the corridor. Hie unlooked—for appearnnoo
rather staggered the rascals. But they were equal _to the emergency. “Seize him,
Meguire!" cried Savage. Maguire slipped behind Dick a.’n.dr grlhbed him.

 

 
   

  

    

..A 1

-‘ r festbury ublishing ($0..

i:ed~Weekl§-—-Subscription price, $4.00 per year ‘Canadian, 54.50; Foreign, $5.00. Copyright,-,192f.Vb1
' W Inc.. 140 Cedar Street, N ew
Dec. 8. 1911. at the 1-‘ost-Uttice at New Xork, N Y.. under the Act 01' March .3. 1878

York, N. Y.

 

Entered as Second g:lass— Matter 2'

\ ,

X. No. 1134

NEW YORK, JUNE 24, 1927

Price 8 Ce,nt.s.—’  D

l j: The Missing Box at Bullioii 

on, THE BOY wno ‘SOLVED A WALL STREET MYSTERY

CHAPTER I.—Introduces Our Hero.

. . “This has been a great day for the lambs,
-, ,.Sariie,” said Dick Hall, messenger for Broker
"George Langley, of No. — Wall Street, stopping
; , at the pretty stenog_rapher’s table in her den in a.
‘corner of the counting-room. _ _
“Has it?” asked Miss.Stcvens, a chic-looking
 '-blondel stopping in the midst of her work, for she
\. was always ready to exchange a word or two with
~‘the office messenger, who was a favorite of hers.

f Bet your life. Stocks have been booming like
» .a house aﬁre since the Exchange opened for 111151‘-
"119SS.13hiS morning. The lamb who isn’t ahead of
~the game at ‘this time must be one of those un-
lucky people who never know enough to cop a
.»'winner.’’

“Are you interested in the rise, too'._7”

“Am I? . Say, when I miss a good thing call my
, — attention to the fact, will you?”
‘  »“Thei'i‘you’re in on another deal?” ,
“That’s what I am, -but you don't want. to men-
tion it in tones that’ll reach the cashier's ears.
es, I’ve got the call on 30 shares of A & D._ I
bought it yesterday at 65,_pi_it up my $300 capital

'ke a’ little man, and now it is up to—-what do you
ink?" .

‘I couldn't guess.” _ _
,“Seventy—two-—just seven points advance in
gtwlenty-four liour_s.” l ”

~ “You are certainly a fortunate boy. _

‘ “If I didn't“ have some luck in speculation 3.;
wouldn't touch the market with a ten-foot pole.”
i.“_D0 you think your stock will go much higher?

' “I'm -banking‘ on 1t_going to 80. Everything
points to the_ continuation of the boom to—inorrow,
and if nothing happens to prevent. prices are
-sure to be higher. This is the time for the lambs

0 make a harvest. A lot of them need it to get

square on the slump of three weeks ago.”

9 “I wish—-—s‘ometimes--I were a boy.”

_..-‘I ,don’t. You're the sweetest proposition in
Wall Street,”anld Iki{voiul]c)ln’1t; have you cliangefor
gigeiolfielifcyoli arbcl’; blushed Sadie. ‘_‘Go
« __ ‘ now and let me ﬁnish my work; .It’s time
p  onto go home, anyway, 1sn’_t it?’
tﬁ°1fretty,’iiear—that is, if nothing turns up to

detain me. n
 Mr. Langley gone? . _ _
'*'1.%‘,he’s talking to Broker Risdon in his room.

1°

 

 
   
  

   
 
     
 
  

  
    
  

    
  

  

    
     
  

   

By A SELF-MADE MAN - i 

I3 .
miféa out ‘into the waiting-room  time .

  

 

u .

 

to meet a Wells ‘Fargo 8: Co.’s expressman;wil:¥'~‘ "
a heavy box on his shoulder. . .- V , , .,
“Will you sign for this?” asked the man. i  '
"What is it?” _ W
“A box of bullion." ‘ _ _ 4"»
“Wliewl The cashier has been looking for ztliaig
for the last hour. Better take it in to him 
have him sign for it.” ‘ i ' ’

Dick opened the brass lattice door for"~tbs,‘..ex9
pressman, and then glanced at the o!ock._ IE
wanted only a few minutes of his quitting 
so he walked~to the window and looked out.” .
was a raw, drizzling, fo y afternoon, anifﬁm‘
prospect from the oﬁice window was notfinvitizigst
The ‘upper stories of the great skyscraper'.s.'wei;‘§‘
completely lost in the mist.’ Lights were b'l11'D;l:li§>
everywhere, except/in the streetsfto enable
clerical help of the various oﬂices to vpufsige 
labors. The sidewalks were lined with‘pas’si1ig."-u
brellas, and the A. D. T. and other meésen
boys of their ilk were ﬂitting about inglisteniﬁ
waterproof over-garments. .All that was 
to complete the air of depression that how; " U
over Wall Street was a falling market;,bul;«it,‘ " 
pened that the contrary was the case. ,
weather as bad as it might, it could not 
with the buoyant spirits of the bulls. They  .1
ed the cafes, where they laughed, -joked. and
raised merry Cain generally over the sati‘ ’
state of the market. " 1 

“This is a good day for water fowl,”
Dick. “It ought to be kept on tap for their ’_  ,‘
cial beneﬁt and not allowed to escape up h‘ '
where it isn’t wanted; It's enou 12, [team ‘
homeless man commit‘ suicide. We l,’“I guess
time for me to get my umbrella and take’ 

“Dick!” said Mr. Langley, coming to the
his private room. . p i  ‘ ’

“Yes, sir.” , * '

“Take this letter to Curtis & C-0., Jersey , \ f
and fetch me back an answer.” ‘ ' ‘ " '

  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
      
   
   
  
    
    
      
      
  
      

    

   
  

      
  
   
    
      
   
   

 

“Well, if that wouldn't jar you,” -saidlﬁie
putting the letter in his pocket. “A letter, 12
to Jersey City just when I was about toga ii‘
and I've got to bring an answer .ba'ck.~': . '
means the boss is going to wait for mépaatgd
likely to keep tab on the time it takes 
the errand. Gee, what luck!” is”

Dick put on his hat and went into the
room for his umbrella; On his way 
ed into the stenographer’s den.

j,‘What, do you think, ,Sa.die‘.’: .,I’ve 
Jersey City for the boss and  an

 
 

    
     
   

  

 
    
   

 is a fine afternoon to.-cross the river
zd j’tl_iink‘!”ih’e said in‘a tone that .showed he
'‘ 7t.t1ike-the errand for a cent. ,
 ‘opnfhaye my sympathy, Dick,” laughed the
ha, k—~you.-gfor nothing. How would you like
oil had” to go wading around in the slush
aling. the fog from the river? You wouldn’t
so funny.” V
'_you’re used to it. Haven’t you been in
mi out all day?” .
lialxvgras during office hours. This is over-

‘angley will remember it when he raises

“Wl'ien- he does. Well, I must be off.”
oment~ laterthe office door slammed and
as off ‘on his errand. Fifteen minutes"later
angley walkedinto the counting-room.
hat box of, bullion you were expecting has
ed/,.,‘Mr. Langley,” said the cashier. “It’s
‘a1;é'.‘to "take it around to the safe deposit
[3 Will‘ you put it in your private safe for
t»?’’.» v

 ‘ {Bring» it into my room and leave it in
_W—_of"'the’safe. I’ll lock it up before I go
ge,-”:.rep‘lied the broker. A
T ercagshier lifted the box in his arms and car-
édi ‘Into the private room. A few minutes af-
' _,'Mr. Langley returned to his desk. At
oment three men were standing out in the
}",t:_0nv.e~rsing together in low tones. One
.sported;a,shiny silk hat and looked like
‘Street’ broker. The other two, who were

3,. ..
ry§otl;ly_.,shaven, wore derby hats and smart busi-
.. esp “ 1‘ The three looked prosperous, the gen-

itljuthe tall hat particularly so, for 3.

‘ye gold chain crossed his vest from pocket
‘ and was looped up at a button hole, and
; his ﬁngers was a massive ring of pecu-
 ~Five 'o’clock approached, and the

en ‘still stood‘ and chatted as if time was

' oment to them.

clerks now began leaving the diﬁerenf.
A on'._that ﬂoor, but none of them took any
” Oticeiof the three gentlemen. It wanted
tes. ‘of five when one of the elevators
its-upward ﬂight within a few yards of
and Dick Hall got out. At that moment
eﬁtléinan with the silk hat grasped the arm
f‘h~is'coni_panions in a way that people
_ when engaged in conversation, and
. ,7a‘t;tention was attracted by the ﬂash of the
" , , «in thering. He was 4, very observing
Ljhe. saw that the stone formed the ﬂat
xlgealil‘ fa. coiled snake made of black enamel. _ He
 nu;-many rings of snake design, but never
‘j g ike this one, which was fully_ three-
’ V f‘. an inch in breadth, representing ﬁve
“coils, with the head ‘rising in the atti-
a reptile about to strike. The diamond
ut ‘a ﬁve-carat one, and shone like .a

 star. ‘
slamighty ﬁne ring,” thought the boy,
arried toward his oﬂice. ‘‘I’ll bet it’s worth
mrsancl dollarsiif it’s worth a cent. He’s
"  ‘ I , (for that watch chain across his
-like a pretty solid one. It's a ﬁne thing
"e,13¢h;Y.. ‘I wonder if I’ll ever be able to
'  chainﬂlike those? It won't be my

with Sadie»Stevens on‘ her way out‘: ' -
“Got back, have you?”_she said. “You ‘haven?
been so long.” - ' » 1 
“I've been away over an hour. If‘ you’ll wai
minute or two I’ll see you to the bridge-—that is,
you don’t object to my escort.” ’ 
"Object! Why, I shall be glad to haveyou
company. You can hold my umbrella for mean
save me that much trouble.” 
“We sha’n’t need it. for it isn’t raining no
“Isn’t it? That’s good.” "
Dick rushed into the inner room and handedit
answer he brought back to his boss, who tore th

V: .0 ‘As he opened the  dooriheicame face to

envelope open, read the few words it contained,-

and nodded his head approvingly. ‘ 1
_ "Is that all, Mr. Langley?” asked Dick, an:
ious to be off. - 9
“Yes—no, wait a moment. I want you to h
me put that boy; of bullion into my safe.” _
“All right, sir,” replied the young messenge
cheerfully. ‘
The broker opened his safe, they lifted" th
heavy box, which contained $20,000 worth of pure
golden ingots, and shoved it into the bottom’ '
the safe, and then Mr. Langley slammed the d‘
shut and turned the handle, trying the doc
make sure that it was locked. . ,_
"That would make a ﬁne haul for a bu1'gla ,
he remarked; “but those chaps don’t often com
to Wall Street. We too risky for them.” _
“I guess it is, sir. They don’t get below 1'.
‘dead line.’ ” - I -  .
“Help me on with my overcoat, and then
can go,” said the broker. ‘ — ’ »
Dick did so, and returned to Sadie, who wa
waiting for him in the hall.’ The rest of the ofﬁ
force had already gone, ‘and Dick and -the-‘gr
hastened to the elevator. The three gentlem
were still standing and talking togther. ' As
young messenger and the stenographer appr‘,
ed two of them burst out laughing as if the‘ othe

it while they were waiting for a desiéndingca
They reached the ground ﬂoor in a minute «.0)f;S£f
and Dick walked up to the Brooklyn, Bridge,wfiﬂt
the fair Sadie and put her aboard a car. Th
he crossed Citv Hall Park, skipped over to Broil,
way, and walked down Chambers Street to 1312',
Sixth Avenue elevated station, where hertook

‘ uptown ‘train.

Dick lived with his father, mother and a your":
er brother in a Harlem ﬂat. Mr. Hall’w_as,c_ash1
and bookkeeper for one of the branch oﬁice
Harlem of a big packing -house, which carried:
both a retail and wholesale trade. He received
very fair salary, and was able ‘to keep. his fa ’
in comfortable style.‘ Dick had been workin

n

he didn’t know about the ﬁnancial distrie 
the methods in vogue there, was hardly‘
mentioning. When he got into the_rea1’;~en~
for home he sat down beside a‘gentleman.“€v'

telli11ghhis».c0njlpani0n about a mystén

 13r££ii£d7h£p{$ened"in abroker’soﬂ‘ice  Chicago,
where‘ he had just come from. .
' “Fifteen thousand dollars in bills, and some

‘vsilver, was taken from the oiﬁce safe, and yet the

safe showed no indications of having bee-n tam-
pered with,” he said. v _ _ .
.‘fMay’oe the cashier got away with it,” replied
sj companion. _ _
“The cashier was an old man of undoubted in-
tegrity, and the broker had implicit conﬁdence in
him ” V ‘

T ‘fIt’.s the people who are trusted the most who
generally get away with the goods,” laughed his
companion.

“In this instance the cashier didn't know the
money, barring a very small amount, was in the

. safe.”

. rwhy didn’t he?” .
. “The $15,000 was delivered to the broker in an

. express package after the cashier had gone home.

The -broker opened the safe and locked it up him-
 Next morning the broker came down early,
before the cashier arrived, and found the express

kage missing. The cashier afterward reported
he silver change missing, too.” _

' -“What did the police say about it?”
“_I don’t know what they said, but the papers

y clue to the
thief or thieves?” '
, _*¢.1Nm;.to my knowledge.”
f‘~When did~.this affair happen?”
.‘_‘About. a month ago.” , .
.,s‘f.Whoever did the trick must have known the
‘combination of the safe.” .
‘.“It would seem so, but the broker declared that
$3 himself and the cashier were acquainted with

“Well, many remarkable things happen in this

-s
Mt foregoing, for anything of a mysterious na-

‘ rather appealed to him. He was a great ad-
mirer ‘of detective stories, and had read every
one he could get hold of.

"‘I"l1 bet a «detective would have discovered who
iewas who got into that safe,” he thought, after
themen next to him had dismissed the subject.
‘Edd have found a clue, if it were only a .dis-
" ded cigar butt, and out of that would have
jnjlt. up a deductive theory that would have led

Dick picked up his paper and read till_the train
reached his station, when he got out and walked
ome. Atthe supper table he told his folks about
emysterious safe robbery-in Chicago, and his
father and brother liazai-ded all kinds _of guesses
, 0: who it was that committed the crime. Dick
[always at the oﬂice ﬁve or ten minutes be-

, anybody else reached the place. He employed
4 s time reading the Wall Street new in one of
‘ * ‘ﬁnancial dailies delivered in the fi mail, and
dying the previous day’s market report. It

"'s ambition to keep abreast of all that was
ning in the ﬁnancial district. He hoped to

' eta broker some day, and he let nothing
Jiim that ‘would count toward that.end.

s h_e_reached_the oﬂice on the morning suc-

his visit teiersey C1'tY,'h6 found, as uS118J.,'

_ a batch of’ letters anduiiapers lying  ea __

where the postman had shoved them thron

slit in the center panel. He gatheredvthom
and carried them into the private oﬁice, where ,
deposited them on a sliding shelf of his enipl
er’s desk, which he pulled out for the purpose...
book, containing past records of railroad» and .,
er important stocks, lay on top of the safe.  ,

Dick reached for it, as he wanted some inform

tion on the ubject. The book eluded his I;
and fell to t e rug in front of the safe; I
-stooped to get it he saw something dark andgfsh.
imbedded in the rug, and he picked_i1_'. 11” . 
ainining the thing, he saw that it waspa } oftii
coil, with tail complete, of a black enamel‘ ereptiie;
It had clearly been roughly broken -off from’ '
rest of the ornament, apparently a ring, tow

it belonged. » \ J A

“I wonder who lost that?” thought Dicik.‘

have been one of Mr. Langley’s friends,

by the looks of the fracture and considerin
tenacious material it was made out of. I’ll- ii _
it to the boss when he comes, and he may be 3-
to recognize it and place the owner.” ' '

Dick put it in his vest pocket. As he dz '
while still on his knees, he saw a. whitish‘. '
stance on the ﬂoor under the edge of. th
Taking it in his ﬁngers, he found it was a 1)
putty. He was about to toss it into theljne
wastebasket when he saw, clearly indented?
its surface, the ﬂat head and neck of an"o1'xiam$v
tal snake. So remarkable a phenomenonfn
ally attracted his interest and attention,’ anti‘ ‘ , ._
Went to the light to examine it better. The ‘ , _
head was composed of several facet-like"_ ‘
tions. similar to the small surfaces cut on 
mond, to give the stone its light-re-ﬂecti ‘

The rcptile’s head had been forced into t V
of putty, and thus the impression was  ,

“There is no doubt but this is the‘ head
snake ring, and the reptile was raised up a], '
if about to spring. How cameit to be  ”
onthis piece of putty? The softness of the :15» ’_
shows that it was recently done. A This ‘is ce '
a great curiosity. _ I must handle it‘ genﬂy ii?
wish to retain it in its. present perfect.’

l’ll bet that's the snake that lost itstail.
have in my pocket. I wonder if there a ' 0
more remarkable objects around the bos
this ,morning?” ‘ ~

Dick took another look around‘ the‘ «rug
without any expectation of adding to‘ ‘hisc,
tion. There was a ‘yellow stain the size‘ and sh
of a silver dollar which he had never notl
fore, but that didn’t prove that ‘
occurrence. Near it was the half-smoked’

a thick cigar with its band around it." 7 ’ »

“Seems_to me the janitor’s assistant 
careless in sweeping up last’ nightﬂaélsie;

.wouldn’t be lying here, an object lessonof

negligence. ‘That looks like the remains
good twenty-ﬁve cent cigar. I'll save ‘the;
for the young lady in our house who 
collection of them for decorative purposes.
Dick put the label inhis pocket andichx

butt into the clean cuyspidm-' near Mr
desk. ’ Then, with the piece of pnttyi

A flﬂly _.  tbs? palm V of .  

 as} -of: the clerks’ cameinto the"oﬂ"ice.‘ . W

Bicll;';iy_as going; to show them the snake’s head

nd‘I'1ecl<_ in the putty, but reconsidered the mat.-

‘ ‘ -‘Hevwas afziaid they’d take it up in their
 spoil it. p ,

-‘«§mu'st’'get a box to put this in, and keep it
ll_!h“£il- the. putty hardens,” he thought. “It is a
great;/cuﬁosity, and I wouldn’t like it damaged.”

, e,'wond'ered where and how he would keep it
._:t.h'eimeanwhile. He decided to slip it into an
gnv'elop__and place it in some place where it was
l$0§fIikely{t0 be disturbed. He. got an envelope and
put‘fthe—tai‘l in with it. Then he slipped it under

.the’,.stan'd that held the copying—press. ~ There

,s;fx't‘ohe/chance in a thousand of its being moi
ested there. At half-nast nine he was sent out
cashier on his first errand. When he got
,,_H_.'hé found symptoms of excitement in the
ul1i.ce._»., Mr; Langley, his cashier, the superintend-
iritiof thegbuilding, the head janitor, and the chief
bookkeepenwere in the private office, and were
Bgigpéfirenctlyvmuch exercised over something. The
£3lt,erMlooke'd particularly excited and disturbed,
 w ' talking to the superintendent in a loud

ee..,~I wonder what’s up?” thought Dick.
ybethe boss found a few more cigar butts ly-
* around ‘and is making a kick about it. No,
  S something more serious than that.
looking at the safe as if there was some-

‘ the matter with it. There can't be anything

matter with it, for I was in here first this

ngggand I'll swear it looked all right."

, stopped near‘ the indicator and tried to
_.what,was said in the sanctum of the boss.
 .you’I’m the only one who has the com-

_at_ioIr.;, This safe is only used by me, and it
i8zl?fC.,11ecessary for any one else’ to open it,” Mr.
~  I,ey~isai,d.e
“‘L:.ifit’s .ver_v mysterious, that's all I’ve got
" replied the superintendent of the build-
,'1’he*only thing‘ that’s missing, you say, is
_ y ’t’i,f.bu1lion you put in there yesterday af-
li'3..a.t’é‘a1l. but that’s ‘enough in all conscience,
time‘ was $20,000 worth of golden in_ ts in
an‘d]‘I3m -responsible for it. If that x of
4h¢ull3;bii»i“isn’t recovered I’ll have to make it good
oney,’?,‘said the broker, clearly much worried
_t..tli’e disappearance of the box. ‘
_z,Wl1at time did you leave the oﬂice?”
“t>ilve.: I- was the last to ‘go, though m
‘  1‘.”0f.nly,‘preceded me a minute or two. ’
 must have been pretty heavy.”
was‘ As much as any man wants to lift.

11185-

iafantee he wouldn’t be able to carry it far _

V , -bigresting frequently.”
‘ ’ll?niai{e aninvestigation, for the box couldn’t
" taken out of the building without one

uhor four employees being aware of the fact,

,‘i1”l°$.rly" if the attempt was made to get it ,

after seven o’clock, when the doors are

 , nd the ‘watchman in charge. He wouldn’t

”érxriit,}ariythin;r‘to be taken away unless he knew

ghéjfperson who had it in his possession. All that,

 vehdoes not explain how the box got out of

.,sa;f;e, which you found, you assert, in the
A.-ﬂgjérhdition you left it in_.” .

gracious!” breathed Dick. “Can it be pos-

ithe box of bullion I helped the boss, put

 before I: went theme has ‘been

Such proved to be not only the fact, ,

- box had actuallydisappeared withoutthe .
est evidence that the safe had been tampered

CHAPTER III.—Dick Makes a Haul in 
Market. I
The superintendent’s investigation was. re
thorough, for the case was serious,'but it"ed~".‘bn,

no other results than a positive declaration ,3 

every employee on duty between 5 p. m. and
a. m. that no such box _as.the one described glr
been taken from the _building._ In the meant;
Mr. Langley communicated with the Wall Stl?
detective agency, and one of the smartest sleut
of that office called _on the broker, The facts W‘
communicated to him, and then he caiaefullyexﬁ
amined the safe. _ ‘,5 ‘
“You are sure that you locked the safe ye 
d3_.V afte1‘n00n_Just before you left the oﬂice?
said the detective. _ ~ W _ a
_‘ I am_positive_, for I tried the lock to make’
tam of it,” replied the broker.
“And you found it locked this morning‘?”'
“I did_n ' «V ,.
“We11._ there are no signs that it has been‘
pered with, Mr. Langley. Whoever o .ened/rt V
safe and took the box of bullion used 1; e com‘. ”
.a ion. , -
_“How could they? I am the only one’;
knowsthe combination.”_ v ‘ _
“Have you got it written down somewhere,
case of ” — . _ ,. ‘
“No, sir, I have not.” _ l 
“You never told your cashier what the-combithi
tion is?” .  ’
“No. sir_.”  y _
‘:iHo}w did the box of bullion reacli-yourao
an w en. , . '
"‘By Wells Fargo & Co..’s express, about
oclock yesterday afternoon, too late for .-In
send it to_my safe deposit vault.” 
Then you don’t usually keep large amount
money or other valuables over night in
office?” " ‘
“I do not.” ; y .  _
‘‘All your employees were’ aware, _I supp
that the box in question would remain.m"-
oﬂice over night locked in your safe?" 
‘E. believe so. At any rate my cashier did
so id my messenger.” '_ -
“H_ow long has your cashierbeen with you
"Six or seven years.” » ' I ‘ .
“Perfectly trustworthy, I presume?“
“I regard him as such.” '
_ “And your messenger? How long has
in your employ?” . , — . 
“About three years.”
“What sort of boy is he? Good
all that?” :
‘_‘He. is an exceptionally good boy——one'Vo£
brightest and most reliable in Wall Street:
The det&tive then asked about the cler-
learned, as’ he expected, that they were oftlie“
run _of b_roker’s clerks, He examined ~th.e
leading into the waiting-room and the’.
ofiice from the. corridor, and saw nothing to
dicate that a Jimmy oi-any other imple "
been used -on them. » ‘ V, V .-
.v I “;How much d1d'th6’bDX*WeiEh_?

parentage!

 The, broker .told him as near as he could guess.
“ ow about-‘ the big safe in_ your counting-
§oi‘ifi*?. ._A.ny,1;,hiiig missing from it?”

,0 i .
',“‘The box‘ of bullion was the only thing stolen,

‘fen ?”
;x»“’I‘.hei only thingzj.”

“Well, I’ll have to interview the night watch-

an, and such other employees of the building as
Iéireg on duty during the time that intervened
'Kce'you left your office yesterday afternoon, and

‘the time it was opened this morning,” said the

ective.
He did and learned nothing that threw any
ight on the subject. Finally he went away to re-
]JOrtJto his chief and confer with him. The theft
t1$uck.him'as possessing many unusual features
arid’:-_was, on the whole, rather mysterious. Al-
tho.ug‘h'tlie superintendent of the. building assured

‘him that the box could not have been taken from

the placewithout some one noticing who had it in
"ands, and if it was a stranger he couldn’t pos-
,iblyVhave passed out with it, the detective was
ot convinced, of the fact. Still he admitted that
'e‘ry.thing-sehined/ to indicate that the missing
2:7 of bullion, was still ‘in the building. Not-

_l ,“ ' g Mr. Langley.’s- statements, he was
atisﬁed that. somebody, who he figured was con-
,neet'ed.?'withhthe' office, knew the combination of

iiiigexplunilered safe. else it could not have been ‘
cued without having been tampered with.. The

' lem before the’ sleuth was to find out that

' ervals, just as he thought about _his'stock deal,

111: it seemed to be a most mysterious affair. It
putihim in mindof the Chicago safe’ robbery, and
ecoincidence of the two cases struck him as re-
,  Ruble. ‘_ . »
mlisuppose I ought to tell the boss about what
“found near the safe this morning, and turn the

W e thief. They certainly would in the hands
f ‘Sherlock Holmes. All he would have to do

 be to take one glance at them, and he’d

only beable to describe the _man’s [personal ap-
ance, but his characteristics, an even show
1 he obtained the combination of the safe,"for
_t seems to be the only way it was opened.
Dick was teturnizig to the oﬁice from the Ex-
angeuwhile, he was ﬁguring out the mat_ter,_fully
tisﬁed that it was his duty to turn his discov-
“es overto Mr. Langleywith a full explanation
how they came '.lIlt0~hlS hands. He was sorry
9;1';‘.vthe necessities of the case required him_’to
«Cup the-piece of putty with its curious im-
iit, for he wanted to keep it as.a curiosity, but
idnftisee how he could retain_it under the
gstances. As he was going mat the en-
’ ce of the building he came face to face with
geizitlezpan of the silk hat whom he had seen
j’ V’ the corridor with two companions the
rnoon previous. He was the man who sport-
s '1i1ii'que and valuable snake ring which had
‘ this attention. Somehow or another Dick
orgotten all "about that ring. The impres-
f/a_1similar_s'iiake’s head in t e putiw and
o”ki§ii"ta.«il\ fblack enaiuelhad not even con-

nected the two in his mind. But the moméntii
recognized the gentleman .evei'ything",.§ﬂashed*
across his mind in a twinkling. , ' = .1‘ .
Still there did not seem any likelihood -'tha’,;t.~.
ﬁne-looking, apparently wealthy person 1ike"'.tii’e
gentleman could possibly‘ have any connectio V
with the missing box of bullion. It was‘ almost
ridiculous to assume such an idea. Nevertheies
Dick’s eyes wandered to the %entleman’s ‘ﬁnger
which he had seen the ring ash. He wanted to
make sure that that particular ring was whole

and complete—that the snake had not —losti"itB~'

tail. He was not very successful. All'—hé‘¢9'u_l ’
see was that the ring was on the mans” littl
ﬁnger, but from the hurried glance he c'aug1it.(_)

it he was unable to say whether it was al~1’/tl’ie1*e..

or not. . ,— .:
‘‘I must ﬁnd out somehow,” he thought. .; f.‘—
follow him a bit and see if I have any better he ..
He was about to do it when he saw Mr. La’; '
ley'appi'oaching'. He ‘hesitated. as to whet/lie)?"
should dodge his employer or not. His‘ indecision
resulted in him losing sight of the gentlemaihwith

the ring, and so he entered the building_‘and;wen‘t,,
straight to the oﬂice. " " ‘ ’ ‘

While waiting-{to,be sent
out on his-next errand he :deci'iie(iUto hold.’.o“n‘,1;
the piece of putty and the snake’s tailfor a 

- longer.’ .

“Pm going‘_to try a little detectiire,wo_i-lr3H'(if3 
own-before giving them up,” he-said..to_"liii_iis”‘e
“Who knows but I might clear u theunystery

- the missing box of bullionimyse f.‘ 'That*’vmui

get my name in the papers, and bequite a feather
in my cap. Time enough for me to give up 
articles when I have satisﬁed myself that the g3
tleman’s ring is perfect.” V . ‘fl '
Having reached that conclusion he beg’

think about his stock deal.“ When he was an
Exchange A. & D. was quoted at 75, just, ,_
points above what he had bought it for, ..a1_id»5.1ie
wondered if he hadn't better sell out and take , "*
$300 proﬁt that was in sight. He got,up'"a
looked at the- tape which was rolling outof.
glass cap of the ticker. The latest sale «of

D. was given at 75 3-8. The whole market
steadily advancing, and he hated to‘ get out,
soon, though his Wall Street experience tDl§l!i:i\‘-
that it was the part of wisdom to 'get>_ 
soon rather than to wait till it was too la’  -
decided to take the risk and hold on awhileiilpzig
A. & D. closed that day at 77. Next’ morning
opened at 77 1-2, and by noon was‘_g_cii_ig.»‘

fraction over 80. Dick was at the Exchange 

he saw that figure go up on the blackboar
struck him that A. & D. and several ’other
looked topheavy. ‘ ‘ 
“Now is the time for me toeash in,” he {thugs
So, instead of returning to the ofﬁce diriecv. '
went up to the little bank on Nassau Sti‘eei;_.-7 '
he made his deal and ordered his shares»-sofidt
bank's representative at the Exchange Idisp‘
of his 30 shares right off, and the younginessf
ger' made a proﬁt of $15 a share, or ‘$45.0; 92 “
gether, which made him worth $750. ’s

CHAPTER IV.——-Dick Tells Sadie How, He
pects to Get a Line on the Missing»
Box of Bullion. V - if
In the meantime" the newspapers .r}l8;d'19 "
the story of the mysterious disappearance,
‘box of — bullion worth $20,009? from

 »
\ .

and a éoﬁpie. of headquarters’ detec-

 called in to help’ out the Wall ‘

‘ agency. sleuth. _ It was on the day after the
ion was found to be massing that Dick

3 -stock.‘ He took the first chance of
friend‘ the stenographer of his suc-

hs; made just about $450 on ‘that httle
Id her. .“That is doing mighty W611.
_ I only had 30 shares.” .
I _ ‘id think so,”._a.dmitted §ad1e. _
use hinkgaf collarlng a year s wages in three

.ut1§'x -Iydduld do that,” said the girl.
fil bet yoxrdo. You’d be able to treat yourself

unlimited number of new gowns and hats _

_o ‘ou imagine I’d spend it all on dress? I’m
13111 I so extravagant as that.” , _
.. :Eea,tl1ez~s make ﬁne’b1rds, and you re a
if ‘r,”‘1augned Dick. ' _
' Wu’;-.e a great tease,” replled the stenog-
“But, tell n_1e,_nas Mr. Langley "heard
« ai5o‘ut,his‘m1ss1ng box of bullion?
a iwlnsper.” ~ .
‘t strange how that box got out of his
e;,. . , ‘ '

* A. v"1yii5'” f - f ‘ch t th
fhgreg no way 0 opening a sa e_w1 on e
- on ‘unless it's broken open, 1S there?”

’ I ever heard of.”
‘stands to _rea.son that whoever stole
ad I the: combination.”

ould appear so; but Mr. Langley has,de-

"t he is the bnly person who knew the
mat) ” , How, then, could a stranger get hold

'22: " , ,' _
I never could guess.” -

re three detectives on_ the case. If

ny good at all I‘ should think they ought

Me to get a line on the thief or thieves. I
but I‘ could do better myself with half

§.‘.W§V|:atn-you, Dick?” laughed Sadie. “What put
’ " "illta yourghead?”

tee'tis'e~I read about.”_ _ ”

hen he was only an imaginary person?
‘all, but what he couldn't do in the way

111;; ‘criminals 1sn’t worth talking about.
good did that do if what he did was all

9) V

that the reading of his methods has
L to the heads of real detect1ves,,tnat
some good, wouldn't’1t'.”’

9!

‘it'.’k”i I A 4- .
11:’ heads like mine never let_ out their
 339. little heads like yours, Sadie,” chuck-
young messenger.
,_ if. you aren’t complimentary! _ I’ve a
 never. to speak to you again,” re-
r1,‘.pretending~ to be offended. ,_
ul,dn’t' possibly; do ‘that. The temptation
little tongue of yours wagging when

dnft ‘let (you M keep silent.”

 “You don't know what I could do..”_

‘:‘I know your-c’ouldn’t keep a sec1*et~‘."’:>_ -

“Why, the idea! I've keptlots of them}: '

“Name one, for instance.” I ’ V ‘ 

“I haven’t said a word about your stock sp
ations.” — l . "

“Right, Sadie. I’ll» take it all back, and;
prove that you have a place in my conﬁdence
going to show you something important—’-so
thing I think has a bearing on the missing-
of bullion.” ‘ V "

“Aren’t you good! I dearly love mysteries,-ai
I just date on seeing them unraveled.” _'

“Curb your impatience for a second till I
turn,” said Dick. I ‘ ' ‘ 3,

He left her den, but returned in a.__ few ' ' ‘u
with the envelope in which he had place" 
piece of putty and the enameled tail of the site 
ring. - > _v :

“Now,” said Dick, “promise that you will be
mute as a mopstick about what I'm going: to
and show you.” , 

“I swear it!” replied Sadie, with mock dol
nity, laying her right _hand on the top of;
machine. _ y I ’

“Very good. If you break your oath your typ
‘writer will surely go back on. you, and youﬁwﬂi
get into all kinds of trouble.” - . .' /

Dick opened the envelope and gently drew..fo
the’ piece of putty, which had hardened somewha

“You may look, but you mustn't touch. 
your hands behind your back. That’s right. 1
gaze on that putty and tell me what you see." ’

“0h!* Isn't that funny! A.sna.ke's‘ head
neck. What, is that stuff?” "

“Putty. It must behandled withcare to ‘raw-
serve the impression.”~ -

“Did you make that?” - » ,
“Me! I’m not the fortunate possessor
diamond the size. of that print. See how plainl
the facets are markedaround the ﬂat top of ’

snakc’s head.” ' ’ 2

“I see. Well, where did ‘you get it?” .,

“I found thatunder the edge of Mr. Langie
safe yesterday morning.” V I "

f,‘You did?” . I l
‘ “Yes. And I found this black enamel sna V
tail lying‘ on the rug in front of the safe at
same time. From those two pieces of eviden _
is a simple matter to deduce the fact thatth , '
belonged to a black ‘enameled snake rin’ ’and‘th
the impression in the putty gives an net, rep-
resentation of the head and neck of thee 
with the diamond imbedded in the former. ‘~

“That seems plain enough.’’.. 4 '

“Of courseit is. The diamond being a -. '
one, of great beauty ” 1 I V

“How do you know that?” interrupted Sadie’

“Never mind how I know it. That isone of,‘
advantages of having a big head. The diams
being a large and ﬁne one indicates that on
man something ,above the common could
such an expensive ornament.” -

“Wel1'.7”/ ' . I 

“Well, as I found these,things..in‘front 0
safe that was robbed just after the boxlofr‘ 0
was found to be missing, the infereric
that»:-—”  ,. ‘

“The man who "owns the ring ‘committed
‘theft,” said Sadie. v  __ 1 

“Of course: but don’t steal In  ‘

 ‘well-built gentleman,

THE "MISSING BOX OF BULLION

Now, in order to get a line on the missing box of
bullion, all I have to do is to  the man with a
ring answering to the description furnis-hed by
these two articles, the tail of which is broken_oﬂ’.::

“Yes; but how do you expect _to ﬁnd him?

“You leave me to do that, Sadie. He’s a tall,
with a handsome iace,
dresses like a_nabob, and Wears a heavy Watch
chain across his vest.” _ _ V

“Why, how do you know all that? You didnt
see him rob the safe.”

“I’m a born detective, Sadie, that’s how I know
it,” chuckled Dick. “I also know the‘ brand of
cigars he smokes—Henry Clay perfectos, three
for a dollar.” . -

“Now you're joking.”

“No, I’m not. Here is the wrapper of that kind
of cigar. I picked it up attached to a half-
smoked perfecto near the safe at the same time I

‘found the other articles.”

“Haven’t you said anything to Mr. Langley
about your discoveries?”

“Not a word.”

“Don't you think you ought to?” _

“And spoil the reputation as a th1ef—catcher I
expect to make?” _ _ . ‘

“And you really believe you will discover who
took the missing box of bullion ?” _ _

“If I don’t I shall be greatly disappointed. I
think I have a better chance of doing it than the
detectives.” ‘ ‘ ,

“If you should solve the _mystery of its disap-
pearance the newspapers will call you the smart-

I est boy in Wall Street."

“The boss calls me‘that already,”Vlaughe<l
Dick. “Now remember, mum is the word. D"0n’t
breathe a whisper of what I have told you, he

' added, putting the putty and the snake's tail back

into the envelope. _ _ _
“I’ll be as silent as the Sphinx,” replied Sadie
demurely. _
“That's right, and I’ll let you into any new

. developments that may occur.”

Thus speaking, Dick walked away.

 

CHAPTER V.——Dick Makes a Discovery or Two.

.“Dick,” said Mr. Langley that afternoon about
three o’clock, “I want you to do an errand for

 me on your way home.”

...«

“All right, sir.” .

“Take this note _to the repair counter of
Tiﬁ’any’s. I left a ring there to be_ﬂxed. It is
probably done by this time. Take it up to my
house and leave it there.”

“Yes, sir.” _ ”

“You may go_now and attend to it.

Accordingly Dick left the'ofﬁce_and connected
with a Broadway surface car, and in due time, he

‘landed at Tiffany’s.

Entering the store he inquired his way to the
repair department, and handed the note to one of
the men behind the counter.
to'I_‘1l_'ie clerk read the note and went off 120 attend

1 .

At that moment a well-dressed man with a
smoothly shaven face and Wearlng 8- d9!‘bY 11375
came up to the counter _ _

‘ Another clerk stepped up to wait on him.

\

7

“I should like to have this ring repaired,” ‘he
said. “It’s an expensive one, as you can see. The
tail of the snake is broken off, and I want a new
one put on that will perfectly match ‘the rest of
the ring.”

Dick was looking at some rings that were dis-
played in the showcase, and paid no attention to
the newcomer until he heard his words: “The tail
of the snake is broken off.” '

At that he looked up quickly and saw the new-
comer hand the clerk a black enamel snake ring
with a big diamond embedded‘in its head.

He saw that the tail of the snake was missing. -

His heart gave a big bound.

This must be the ring of which he possessed
the missing tail and the impression of the head
and neck of the snake. '

It would be too much of a\ coincidence to expect
that there were two rings of identically the same
pattern, each of which had lost its tail about the
same time. .

He glanced narrowly at the man and recognized
him as one of the men he had seen talking with

the big gentleman who wore the ring in" the cor-
ridor near Mr. Lanp:le.y’s oﬂice on the afternoon

the missing box of bullion was locked up in the
broker’s safe. -

The boy's heart beat still quicker as he identi-
ﬁed the man. ,.

“The gentleman who owns that ring has sent it
by this man to be repaired," thought Dick. “Now,
if I can only learn his name and address.”

“We can do it,” replied the clerk.

“How much will it cost?” . ‘ I

The clerk turned the ring over and over, afford-
ing Dick an excellent view of it, while he ﬁgured
on the price. ‘

Finally he mentioned a sum.

“All right,” said the man. “When shall I call

for it ?" I,
The clerk stated a date, and then asked the cus-
tomer his name and address.
Dick listened eagerly for his answer.
“Murphy Maguire, Rushmore Hotel.” '

Just then the clerk who was waiting on Dick‘

came up with a small package which he handed
to him.

“Please sign your name to this blank, young
man,” he said. \

Dick placed his autograph on the line intended
for it and put the package in his pocket.

By that time the man who had given his name
as Murphy Maguire had taken a ticket describing
the ring and made out by the clerk who attended
to him, and was walking out of the store. ,

Dick followed him out and up the street as far
as Eighteenth Street. ‘

Then permitting him to go on his way, the
young messenger started down the side street to
connect with an elevated train at the station on
Sixth Av_eiue.

“Murphy Maguire, Rushmore Hotel,” muttered
the boy as he walked along. “I won’t forget that.
He’s one of the three I saw in the corridor two
nights ago. He must be a swell guy, too, if he lives
at the Rushmore. Maybe that isn’t his own name
and address he gave, but that of the big man in
the silk dicer who owns the ring. He looked pros-
perous enough to live at the Rushmore, or the
Waldorf Astoria, for that matter. It doesn’t seem

reasonable to connect such a gentleman with the A

 

     
         

fbullion, but you never can tell. He
 Ra es." At any rate, it appears
_ end a£d0i1btythat,¥it is his ring which is
 ,the" mystery, and‘ I shall make it my
sis to give him all the attention I can spare.”
“rnbrning when Dick left his office on his
5 1-rand he saw the big man with the silk hat
' tor oiieof the elevators.

f gentlemairpassed him Dick looked at the
‘_ ﬁnger ofhis left hand.

  
     
    
   
  

Hckvw-etched to see where he was going. .
Bis entered” one of the offices on that ﬂoor.
‘B311 boy waited until he entered and then
‘down the. corridor and looked at the
he door. _ _

ational Pneumatic Tire Company,” he

'erthird time I’ve met him either in
1, ' or coming from it inside of three
“t ought Dick. “Is that his office, or is he
' sitor? I’ll have to ﬁnd out the name of
son who ‘rented the office for the tire com-

. De returned from his errand he asked the
' ed’ man in the corridor if he knew the
n.5_who represented the National Pneu-
,re Company on the fourth floor.

a. tall, ﬁne-looking man with a silk hat,”

  

“I ‘on’t‘know his name, but I know he’s one of
‘iv enants,” was the. reply. _ _

_ ong has he been in_the building?”

[la uta week or so."’ _

‘ made no more inquiries then, but took an

  
   

  
    
   
  
 

P- " . .

goon he saw the_ agent of the building on
t and stopped him. '

s-.3 9.‘ new tenant on our ﬂoor who re-
étlie, National Pneumatic Tire Company?”
 is Andrew Savage,” replied the

   
   
 
 
     
    

you," replied Dick_, and passed on.
gentleman in the silk hat is really An-

’e,.then I may conclude that the man
 snake ring at Tiffany’s to be re-
--gave his real name and address. That
' I've, got two of the trio spotted.”
afternoon Dick accidentally learned that
cateihad been formed to corner L. & M.
and having satisﬁed himself that his tip
‘ odd -one he went‘ to the httle bank, put up

of ‘ capital and ordered 70 shares of the

’ ‘ D t forihis account at 82. _ _
n, while helping Mr. Langley on with his
asked. him if there was anything new
ence to the missing box of bullion.

," replied the broker. “I don’t know
detectives are doing, as I have had only
rt‘ from the detective agency, and that
ported progress. If any headway has
a toward solving the mystery of the
’amce of the box I haven’t heard anything

 singular» affair, isn't it, sir?”
’ lar ” ‘

  
 

     
    
  
    
     
  
    
     
 
 
 

    

    

y " o,u'heai'd about a similar case that
p _ cage about a,.month ago '1”
.:3NIia.t was the case?”4

  

  
   

 

fda ring on it, but it was not the snake’

guently and sometimes candy.

10..

Dick told him the story ‘he had’ overheard.
the Sixth Avenue elevated car on the afterneo’
the box of bullion was put in the safe. ' ' - A
_ ‘‘_The- two_ mysterious safe robberies are astona
ishingly alike,” replied the broker. “One would
think that the same brains en ineered both.” ” * V‘
D_“Ees, sir. Looks kind of t at way,” replied

ic  '

“Leaving aside the remarkable feature of the
box getting out of my safe in tneway it. did,
I cannot understand how it could have been tak ‘ ’
from the.building' unless the thief had a con
federa_te in one of _the employees. I believe the;
detectives are working on that supposition.”

“Maybe it is still in the building.” ' ,

“T_he detectives have searched the building,
barring of course, the offices of the tenants‘, and
have found no sign of it.” " '

“Maybe it will be found yet, sir,” replied Dick
wondering if the oﬁice of the National Pneumatic
Tire Company was searched whether it would
lead to results. , , ‘

“I hope so,” replied the broker, wishing him
good-night and walking out of the office.

That afternoon Dick didn’t go home when he
got off, but walked down to the Battery arid.
thence up South Street in a lazy way. . '

His purpose was to kill time, for he had an o
ject in view. ‘ ’ '

He returned to the building a little after ﬁve
and hung around the corridor near the elevator‘;
whence ‘he had a view of the office of the tire
company. _ . I .\

‘ About six o'clock the janito‘r’s assistant‘a
peared in that corridor. _ A ;

At half-past six he unlocked the door of the tire
company’s oﬂices and entered. ~ ~ ~ , ‘

That was what Dick was waiting for.

He Walked in after him. _ p '

The janitor’s assistant knew him by si htas
Langley’s messenger, and asked him what he was
doing around there at that hour. _ ,

“Oh, waiting for my boss to turn up,” , said
Dick carelessly, at the same time looking sha, iy
around the room. “This isn’t a bad oﬂice. Isut "S
asuite?” he added, looking at a closed door. « _- -

“Yes. That door leads into the private oﬂice.”

“So! I’ll just glance in,” said the boy. » _

He did, and saw that it was furnished witha
desk, a good-sized safe, and other furniture. » 

» “I wonder if the missing box of bullion is iii
that safe?” he asked himself. ,-

It was a question he could find no answer to;
of course.

' Having made a minute survey of the room, he
shut the door, andafter passing a few um';m 01%
ant remarks with the man he walked out, too '
elevator down and went home. , '

  
    

    

  
    
  
    
  

  
   

  
   
   
     
     
  
 
      
     

    
  

   
 
     
      

  
  

   
  

 
   
 
   
    

      
  
 

  
 

   
  

  

  

CHAPTER VI.—Another Discovery.

Sadie Stevens had ‘an ardent. admirer in. the
person of Paul Bender, "the chief clerk of t V
office, who expected-to ﬁll the‘ slices of th
cashier if that gentleman’s position beeampi
vacant from any cause. . . 

Bender showed his liking for the,fair, stein:-<
grapher in many ways, bringing her ﬂows ‘

  

   
  
    
 
   

   
  
   

   
 

 These presents were invariably returned t'o»b.im
-the girl, who didn’t like the chief clerk for a
cent, and tried as polite1y_as she could toilet him
miderstand his attentions were not agreeable to

‘Bender, however, did not lack assurance, and he
wouldn’t take the hint.‘ _ _ _ ‘ »
On the morning following D1ck’s _inspection of
the oﬂice of the National Pneumatic Tire Com-
any, he reached the office before Sadie arrived
and laid a big bunch of violets on her table.
~ Dick, who had ﬁnished reading the market re-
port of the previous day’s transactions, followed
the stenographer to her den to have a few
minutes’ conversation with her before; she set-
tied down to work. _ ,

The moment she saw the violets on her_desk She
grabbed them up, and, handing them to Dick, said:
. ‘ "Put those on Mr. Bender's desk.

e’d stop bringing them to me. I don't want his

5 ﬂowers, or anything else from him in the shape

of a,present. If he had any sense he’ would un-

‘dpei-sta,nd,that I won't accept his oﬁerings.”
.“All ri ht, Sadie.

guess he’- be mad.” . _ _

._ .S,‘Well,,I can’t help it if he‘ is mad. Let 1nm_get

glad again,” she replied as she hung her things

in her closet. _ ,

> So ‘Dick carried the violets over to the chief

k" cl k. '

.cl%‘rM?ss egtevens told me to hand these back to
on, Mr. Bender,” said the young messenger,
ying-' the ﬂowers down. Bender, who was a

mnooth—fa'eed young man of twenty-two, glared at

Dick, but made no remark, and the boy returned

the stenographer’s den. ._ _'
A few minutes afterward the chief clerk came

I'll do as you say, but I

' to Miss Stevens with a bunch of work in his hand

‘for her to copy.

Wlihat‘ are you doing here, Hall?” he growled,
avpring the messenger with an unpleasant look.
‘Get back on your own dunghill and stay there
till. ou’re wanted.” _ / _

“ ’ll get back when I get ready,” replied Dick

ependently. “You haven’t any authority to or-'

H

i“]¥cl:’:b:§llress me in that fashion; I won’t
iiizand for it,” returned Bender, who ap eared to
ave a grouch on owing, probably, to t e return

the violets. ' ”
Well,,you know what you can do, answered

Illshall report your impudent conduct to Mr.
e ey-’
, Go on and report it. If‘ Mis_s Stevens were‘ to
‘ .1-1; the persistencyl with which you annoy her
your attentions, which she has no use for,
u’d et a calling down for it," said Dick.— _
“.Wi 1 on get out of here, or will I have to kick
out . ” roared Bender. _ _
,“Seeing- that you have business with Miss Ste-
5' I'll go, but it wouldn’t be healthy for Y011
attempt_to kick me out,” retorted the boy.

‘No?" sneered the chief clerk. “Perhaps Y°l1~

 I couldn't do it?” ,

‘‘'I wouldn’t advise you to attempt it. Don’t
, pejthat you can ride roughshod over me, be;

’ ’ ou're the chief clerk.’_’ , —» .
D ,” said -Sadie, “I think youd_ better go
' Mr. Bender, I’m ready to EW9 You my

I do wish?

 “Some day that chap» and   

scrap,” muttered Dick, as he walked away, , f
if I don’t knock the, dayliglits out ofhim it will“
because he's a better man than I- take“ him
I’m going .to make him quit botheringsadia
there’ll be something‘ doing.” 1 = . ’ I

The market had taken a setrbackvthe day be,
and lambs with bullish tendencies signiﬁed _
disapproval by remaining away from thestreet
consequently business in the brokers’, oﬁice
somewhat quiet. ' ' i ,

When ten o'clock came there were only-.r
customers in Mr. Langley’s oﬁice, andﬁth
pects were that it would be a slack day“

Mr. Langley came in late that mominj
the first thing he did was to scribble 011' an
a big operator, with whom he had dealing’
send Dick out to deliver. it. i  i 

On his return he saw Mr. Savage and the i
whom he recognized as Murphy Maguire; _,
Rushmore Hotel, entering an elevator togeth _v

They Went up to the fourth ﬂoor and e ’
the ofiice of the National Pneumatic Tire
pany. ~ .  ' ~

During the next three or four days ,Di¢k« .
sharp eye on the tire company's oﬂce, but

He saw the gentleman with the. 5
times, and Maguire but once. u . . , , ,
There was nothing the- least —_spicio‘us It
their actions, and Dick began to wonder if,_ ,
all, his newly aroused detective instinct was:

leading him on a wildgoose chase.1 I  . _

But when he thought of the black enamele
his purpose of carrying out his plans waste
anew. S  /

That piece of putty and thetail of; the. f '
ring were too signiﬁcant reminders’ that , 
owner must have had some connectionwwitla
disappearance of the box of bullion, and the
was determined to ferret the matter out’, a
it‘ took him an indeﬁnite time to do it. ' V

He was satisﬁed in his own mind ,that.the,»
was in the building, even if its contents had
riﬂed, and he believed it was hiddenﬁin h
safe of the tire company. V

He had an idea that the golden 
still in the box, as it would be a risky, matte
the thief to try and dispose of themsfori
present, since every establishment of at. B
portance that did business’ in such Istuif -had
notiﬁed to be on the lookout for the stolen”

Saturday evening Dick and a friendlvc S Q
to see a show at the Bijou Theater on Broa _ _

Dick treated to the tickets, and after th '3
his friend, to even up things, suggested a ‘
supper. \ v_ _=\

They went into a Broadway restaurant 11 '
and sat down at a table. _

Soon after they commenced their meal
persons entered the restaurant. _  

Dick happened to look up at the in
he was surprised to recognize the trio‘
Savage, Murphy Maguire and Paul Bend

He was particularly astonished to see the
in company with Savage and. Maguire,‘ ' '
parently on terms of intimacy with ‘them

The chief clerk, who was dressed in ' '
than he appeared at the office did
and the young messenger was

1 n .  ~

vigilance was not rewarded to any _
. hat ..

  
   

  

   

ithxee’ took the only unoccupied table, which
;‘ght back of Dick. ' g , » .

« ‘b“y,hea'a:d:fthem order a;'_good supper from
;f faregiancl then theybegan to talk and
ftngether ‘in a*‘joviaI way. * _
were evidently bent on making _a night of
.6‘-z,they‘arranged to go to a certain billiard
;i_.a;ftgr they ﬁnished their meal.

k~;_lis_t_ened as well as he could to what they
but he ‘heard nothing of any importance.
wever, j'he‘/ibelievecl he had found out some-
gz that might lead to results, and that was the
 adntancethat existed between Paul Bender
’ jhe; two men he now suspected more than
to be, connected with the mysterious theft ‘of

x of bullion. . »

 

.ick"an,d his friend ﬁnished their oyster supper
»al1'<ed o’ut;of the restaurant.

H dgyou ‘noticegthe three men who came in
 took the table behind where I sat?”
e 1e . . ‘

‘Q ae‘s.'Pretty tony chaps.”

ell; one of the three is chief clerk in the
jwhere I work.” ~—

on. d'on’t say! Which one?”

he, r--youngest-looking, The one with the

   
   
    
    
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
 

outo,nniere."
Hogs»-_,qu1te a dude.”
és. mashed on our stenographer.”
. 71

 isshe . V
Mabhed, on him? Not a bit of it. She doesn’t
I _‘,.-«worth sour app-les. He's been, making
tt,Ie'prfesent.sfTo1‘ ﬂowers and candy, but she
hemback 't'o‘him, which ought to be a
113'. hint that they are unwelcome. He's one
 persistent chaps who won’t take ‘No’ for
wariawer, but one of these days he’s liable to
rug?-;jo1t that will bring him to his senses.”

E“

 
  

, air ha , to‘’gi've.that idea up, as he didn’t want
rieaid-«_ tovknow that he was spying on the

oathe boys took an elevated train at
' ind"-‘ Street station and went home. The
t;Paul Bender appeared to be so thick
va'"ge' and Maguire struck Dick as a singu—
muinstance,_though if he ad been asked
"an- good reason why he t‘ ought it singu-
couidnot have done so. He began to sus-
Iié;:chief clerk as a factor in the missing box
‘ Mon; and believed he would bear watching.

    

  

  
  

 

 'VII.—The Man Who was Looking
.‘ ..Fo’r Andrew Savage.

 
 

etollowing Monday L. & M. took a sud-
ndof three points upward, and the bull
5 at the Exchange, taking notice of the
helped the good work along by buying 1t
3: _..'I‘_h'e result was it went u three points
using‘ the session and close at 88, which
~ i(:f€"$400 ahead on the deal. Next day the
iii» i_t.continued lively, and it advanced to
t‘ive17ve"‘.o"clock. . The entire market took
' move at the same time, and outside
bégimmaking their appearance in the
’  numbers. Between his oiﬁce

 
  

 

 
 
 
 

 

-Dick had little time to think about t e '

- ke‘r examined all his pockets, without resu .

   

    

 

‘duties as the

u

  
   
    
  
  
 

interest. he ‘had in’ his s‘ ecuia

box pf bullion. Still, he did not »forg'et it ‘
together. Since he had learned that Paul Hem.
der was chummy with Savage and Maguirefvliio
became more sanguine of etting. on to a clu“
that might enable him to so ve the mystery. 
realized that he had a diﬂicult proposition .'
grapple with but that fact added zest to 1115’
efforts. Mr. Langley, ﬁnding that the detecti.
were making little apparent progress toward regs
covery of the box offered.a reward of $2,500
stimulate them. This he subsequent1y‘raised1.tO
$5,000, and had it announced in the newspapers.
On Wednesday morning business was booming V
great shape at the Exchange when Dick car_ri',
a message there to Mr. Langley abouthalf-past
eleven. While waiting at the rail for a chanw?
to deliver it, he noticed a sudden rush of trade
toward the L. .& M. standard. The meaningioi
this was soon apparent. A’ well-known broké
had come on the ﬂoor and was bidding for f
stock at rising ﬁgures. Many traders who had
purchased the stock the day before at prices?
ranging from 86 to 90, hastened to sell ~out’a‘b
92 and over. ‘The trader, having gathered?
quite a bunch of stock, gave way to ,3 seco?
broker, who continued the bidding. Dick becam
quite excited as he saw the price rapidly ad“-
vancing to par. It was up to 95 when he "left
the Exchange after delivering his note,

to the office.
utes when ‘the cashier sent him out again th
time to the office of a broker on Exchange  .
The broker not being in; he left his note with‘the~
céaslliiier.‘ There_was no answer, so ‘he staj
ac . :'
Reaching the sidewalk, he saw a crowd gathe
ing about a man who was gripped by the arm
a well-dressed, pompous-looking gentleman whole?
Dick recognized as a prominent broker. '
Dick joined the crowd he thought he ‘rsaw',-xtliel
prisoner pass something to a man behind 
who immediately detached himself from the 
and began to saunter up Exchange Place
his hands in his pockets. '
ner of New Street and looked back, _
appeared up that narrow thorou hfare.: 
had taken a good look at him, an felt that
would know him again. The youngmesseng‘
soon learned that the broker accused the_prisd'ner
of pinching his wallet, containing a considerahlé
sum of money. . g  ‘
“I didn’t take your pocketbook!” protested ”
prinsoner in a tone of virtuous _indignation~.«.1
“Search him!” suggested somebody in’ '~ '
crowd. . T
“Hold him,
broker.

The prisoner offered no objection, and the

    
   
 
 

   
    

     
   
      
  
  
  

 
   
   
   
 
 
 

  
   
     
  
   
   
  
  
      
  
   
 
    
   

IV’.

 

      
      
  
    
    

    
     
   
 

gentlemen, and I’ll doit/"I said‘

     
      

     
  
  
  

 
 

“You see,” the prisoner said triumphantl
haven’t got your property.”
. “I see you haven’t, but I’m sure you took it.

“If I had taken it you would have foundit
me, woudn’t you?” , I 

“Maybe he dropped it when you nabbed lain:
suggested a spectator. . V  " 
_ “Move_ back, gentlemen, and let me .see_
on the ground,” said the broker, » ' ‘ ej
The crowd fell back and left “a 

   
  
   
    
  
   
 

      
   
 

    ‘ﬂwith a note to a stationer and printer

mm VIII.--.—In’ Which Dick Distinguishes
" ’ s’e and.Makes’ a Considerable Addition
  .toAHis Capital. ’
tee minutes later Dick was sent out again,
He was feeling uncommonly
17 the» rospect, of making a good haul
&.M., ust before he left the office he
' V the tape and saw that the stock was

fassau Street.

There seems to be no

It ell? If I»sold now I could clear a thou-

 . -That’s a big groﬁt. I've a great

tocash in on my way .ack to the office. I

pass the bank. A bird in the hand is worth

’ e_ bush, especially in Wall Street, where

V r‘ “can tell _just- what may happen from

njiinute toanother. Yes, I guess Id better
iidmake sure of the thousand.”

"1': executed his errand and then started back

" ‘ ‘little bank. At the corner of Cedar

stopped in a doorway to adiust the lace

his shoes. Just around the corner, out

-but within earshot of the boy, two men

One of them was the man

, accusedby Broker B_u_lwer of tak-

, ,1 , t whose respectability had been

for-_ by Andrew Savage when the detec-

gigglookghim to‘ that gentleman's oi'l'ice. The

‘w s the,‘ man to‘whom Dick thought he had

mfpass something. , _

at‘-was,.a closecall I had,” he said, with a

'"”‘ ‘cu hadn’t helped me out at the right

t ve been caught with the goods on

would have settle my hash. I told the

V __ Fthat in name was John Day, and that

= ‘ iooking or Savage. I pretended I had

 address to account for me being in Ex-

Place instead of Wall Street. The old

I sure I had pinched his wallet_but there

age II" evidence‘ against me, so he didn’t give

. charge. The detective, however, was sus-

igus me until we called on Savage, and
-5: ssured his giblots that I was thoroughly
' ‘ﬁle, so he let me go. That’s a good one
Wall‘ Street sleuth-—takin Andy’s word

_, If only knew who ndy really is.
‘mywortf, it makes me laugh to think how

dy_ fools ’em all with his bold front; '

 chain, diamond ring, silk dicer, an
"t«' ..Wliy, you’d think he was president of a
I!

~ ne"of the cleverest chaps in the busi-
, fooledfem in Chicago to beat the band,
" oin’ it ‘overagain here.”

3 __ day so.. A .
did. Said he’d_ give $1,000 for their re-

_ '£v1,nal)<’e the inoneythen, Cole.”

‘ washroom was.

en'c_s,”and'

we can. get ‘somebody toreturn tlie.wallet§ '’

the papers, which areno use to us, and it ,,
that he found it in the gutter around 
Street.” - . . ‘ ,- _

“That ain’t a bad idea. Come down on Wi '
Street and we'll divide the bills and ﬁgure P
who we’ll get to return the papers if they"re;a'
vertised for,” said Cole.  ’
« The men started down Cedar Street, and D
who had listened to every word they said,
lowed after them. , _ .

“Gee! But I’ve made a big discovery, Whl.
only proves I've been on- the right scent from the‘:
ﬁrst. Andrew Savage is a big Western crook ""
disguise, therefore his‘ posing as agent’ for the.
National Pneumatic Tire Company is sirnpjly a
blind to give him a footing in Wall Street."
course, if he’s crook, Murphy Ma ire is ‘on
too. As for Pzfiil Bender, I guess t ey’re u '
him for a purpose. It- is hardly likely he’s
with them, for he’s got a good job at our‘ of:
and it would simply be an act of suicide on his?
part to jeopardize his future for temporary gain
with every chance of being caught, which -.wo’uld'~"”
be his ruin. Well, I've an idea I’m gettingrig
on the heels of the box of bullion mystery;

if I succeed in unraveling it I’ll bet my boss’ will i '

get the surprise of his life, and the detectiveslw
have to take their hats off to me. That woii
please me to death. Then the newspapers ‘won,
give me. a big send-off as an amateur detective,
I dare say the editors of one of the‘ Sundaf
editions would pay me $100 for the story of 
’d get the reward that the osslias.

.z

offered for the return of the box of bullion; That,‘
would fix me well ﬁnancially, bet your life; “ff
would be able to lend my governor money,eiiouglf~'
to start in business for himself if he wanted‘ 
The prospect is ﬁne, if it isn’t too good to
true. However, I must nail these two cfroolil”
with that pocketbook somehow. Maybe I'll‘
$100 from Broker Bulwer for the return" '
papers and the money, too.” - A
Thus Dick ruminated as he followed Col‘ 9.

' his companion down Cedar Street to William,’ai'di1?

spotted the saloon they entered.  4, _,

“Oh, for a cop now to run them iul”smuttere§~7*
Dick, looking around for a policeman, but then»
wasn’t one in sight. “That’s the way. it is w 1
you want an ofﬁcer, they’re somewhere else“:
wish I was big enough to arrest them mysel -
take a chance on it.” v .

He looked in through the swin 'ng door of
saloon and saw the crooks stan ing at the -.
driggfing. ‘

‘ hey’re oinf‘ to divide their plunder th «
Of course t ey’l go into the washroom 0 ,
down at a back table to do it. I won
could play a march on them somehow.
take nerve, but I guess I've got plenty of
If .1 could snatch that wallet out of the.

' of the chap who has it when he brings, i 

they’d never get it back again.. But I _ _

there’d be a hot time over the trick, and ,1’-ii"

sure to lose the satisfaction of ettin

pinched. However, it’s the ocket ook. .

most of all, and I’m going to ave a tryfo , _
Thus speaking, Dick entered the saloon :1

Walked toward the rear where the door. _

He slipped inside just as

crooks left the bar and followed_.. Dick, ‘as

as he sawthemfcoming, got outwith‘ h -« u

3 one of the slight ‘swinging doors.

   
   

ited.“ The two rascals came in and looked
fround. Finding the room apparently uiitenant-
ed, Coie’s companion, whose name was Duffy,
;,=P1‘0db‘iCed the wallet from his pocket and started
5 toopen it. Dick was within two feet of him at

the moment. Swinging the door suddenly open,
tstruck Cole in the face and body. The rascal

  
 

a

 

 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

n surpise. .Before either recovered Dick snatched
he wallet from Duﬁy’s hands and made a dash
for the saloon. The rascals were right on his
‘eels.’ - ‘

,"‘Stop that young thief!” roared Cole. “He’s
tolen my pocketbook!” V

..‘Dick crossed the saloon like a shot, and, the
,_,way being‘ clear, he reached the door and passed

Vustomers woke up to the fact that something had
appened. Dashing. through the crowd of pe-
destrians on the sidewalk,-Dick ran down William
toward Wall Street like an antelope. Cole and
followed him, taking to the middle of the
s_1j.reet,.but, for reasons, they did not consider it
prudent to shout. Their purpose was. to recover
tl5i§;,.wallet, if they could, without the intervention
gf the police. Dick was ﬂeeter of footthan they
were, and rapidly out—distanced them in the race.
 people turned to look at the runners,
but V, they didn't understand what was going on,
 incident possessed but momentary interest for
‘them. Dick reached Pine Street and darted .up
, toward the entrance of his office building. The
jujrpoks followed-him until they saw him disappear
‘into’ the entrance, and then they gave~up the
, ilrsuit, for they knew they hadn’t a chance in a
ainusand of catching him now. Besides having
ost sight of him, they knew they would not be
able ‘to recognize the boy if they saw him again,
for‘ ~they.had not caught a, view of his features.
All they knew was that he was well dressed, and
they-naturally believed he was some expert young
ieiﬁirook, so deftly had Dick done them up. As for
hick, he hurried to the elevator and was soon in
v‘ .. .¢;..0ﬂ‘ice«
‘Seems to me you've been a_ long time on that
eirrand I sent you to the printei-’s,” said the
itishier,‘ with-a hard look at the 13%’, who he was
' ._‘ liadtloiteredon the way. “ hat have you
Vn-»doinVg?” .
Dick’ was about to explain matters, when it
’l_@l3_¢.u1f1‘ed to him that he had better not, for Paul
rieilider was likely to hear what he said, and
ij'oiigh- him it might reach» the ears of Andrew
_, wage.‘ Savage would, probably learn from Cole
4,,&I!d’hisV’V.companion how they had been done out
;;t_lVie.ir‘»~prize by a boy, and if heknew Dick, on
‘ , sames ﬂoor with himself, had pulled the trick,
would ut the. two crooks on to him, and they
, , re lik to try and get back at him out of
V_ enge. nany event, he ﬁgured that it would
, ' efere with his scheme of probing the mys-
'-_of the missing box of bullion if he became an
_ of interest to Savage and his associates.
~ iV fsuecess of his project depended on his re-
ng an apparently unimportant personage
the drama. So, in answer to the cashier’s
av _: ,_he replied that he had been engaged on
_e private business of his own. -
 have plenty of time after your office
toattend to your private. affairs,” answered
'tai=tly.- 4-.‘f:Bei,xiembei=. ._you~—:are -paid to

  

    
    
     
    
   
     
    
    

     
        
     
 
  
   

   
  

   

o
5‘

 
 
 

 

,own.” - .-

‘tiered an imprecation, while Duify started back.

through before the bai-keeper. and the dozen-odd.

.»Here, take these ten bills, and with uieiii
_ cei-e' thanks.” - » ' . 39 j"’

Aserve.-" protested -Dick. V

  

     
     
  
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
     
    
  
  
 
 
    
  
     
    

attend to Mr. Langley’-s business .and_ no
“Yes, sir; it won’t happen again,.”. replie 132
‘‘I hope not. ’ Here, take this note to-_;.B__r'. A
Grayson, iii the Mills Building. If he ,isn’t,'i:lje‘1'e==
but at the Exchange, go there ‘and deliver’
Hurry back.” - ’   1
Dick rushed out and was presently.«,sc‘u,' ,
down Broad Street. He knew that B'roke;i'. B '
wer’s_ office was in the Mills Building,.~ so
termined to drop in at -his oflice and retu
the stolen wallet with a hasty explanatioi
though he had heard the broker say that he’:._
willingly pay $1,000 for the return, of‘his.‘p£Ijper3
alone, he. did _not expect to ‘receive any siiclf
for fetching back the wallet with b0tl’l."tl‘i3‘ _
and the papers. He thought he might get 3;
but that was the limit of his expectation _ ‘V
found the broker he had been sent to in’-hi ’ "
and handed him the note. ‘ V - ’ I
“There is no answer,” said the trade
reading it-. " - 
f‘tAl1 right. sir," replied Dick, making-‘a
exi . » ' .
He then went to Mr. Bulwer’s oﬁce__on{t
below. ghat gentleman happened to be inia
engage . ‘ V 
“Can I see Mr. Bulwei-.;” he asked.‘ ~
“Who are you from?” A V. ‘ VV;
 ltii,i,siness isprivate and importdzit
i a =' -'
‘I;Ie was admitted to the private room.
Well, young man, what is the p1'ivate.a;
portant business that brought you 1iereV?"‘
“Your stolen pocket book.” - ‘ —— 
‘ “Eh? My pocketbook! What do youeknow
it?” asked the broker in surprise. ‘ ' 
“I know a whole lot. I'll introduce my
My name is Dick Hall, and I am emplo
messenger by Broker Langley, of N£).=_+—- :
Si1‘.‘i'eeté II was present when you nabbed‘
w o s o e 1 . ' .,  '
V“You mean the man I thought stoleit. 
not found on him, and the detective afte
called here and told meV that the partyih
vouched for as an honest and respectab V
by a Mr. Savage who is agent for_a.pzV'i,
tire company/.” : “
“Nevertheless the man is a crook and sto
wallet, _replied Dick. v“Let me telliyou V
know this. to be true. and how I succoegied

  

  
  
    

covering your property ” . 
::Did you recover it?”_ asked the broker ‘S
_ _I did, _and there it is. Examine it and.
it is all right." ‘ . . 
Mr. Bulwer went through his wallet? _
clared nothing was missing. Dick theiitol§d..
stlolry from start to ﬁnish in as few. words i "
si e. 0 V
M ’ ~ '
‘ P°n_ my word -youn man you are
flerff said the brdker w en Dick "had, V
.32:  ‘?2¥.""’  °§ 33° rem;
oeror ere rn 
that is $1,000." .° '3 pap9'5*lV
_‘ I dont’ look for any such recompeiis
sir.‘ If you want to give me $100 I V
YOUR: man, I ‘propose to stick to!

 

   

  
 
 
  
       
   
 
  
 

  

‘ “Really, Mr. Bulwer, -this is in 

 
 
  
  

 
 
 

J

 ~70 shares,” he said to himself.

. Exchange with a note for Mr. Langley.

14

“Not a bit of it. I insist on you accepting the
money.’’‘ _

“All right, sir. I am very much obliged to
you];

“You are welcome. I shall tell everybody what

‘a. smart boy you are.”
“Mr. Bulwer, I want you to do me a great fa-

7!
V°*1:'What is it?” '
“I don’t want you to tell any one about what I

1 have done for you.”

“Why not?”

“The news would surely get all over the Street,
and my name would get into the papers. Now, I'd
rather you’d keep the $1,000 and not say any-
thing about the matter than give me the money
and then spread the news.” I

“You are a modest lad, I must say. Well, I

' promise you I.won’t say a word about the wallet

in any way. I will simply let the thing drop. I’ve
got the papers, and that’s all I care about.” "

“Thank you, sir. I will now Say good-by._

“Good—by, Hall. Come in and see me. some time.
1’ll be glad to have you call any time._”

Dick said he would, and then took his depar-
ture.. When he reached the office he saw by the
ticker that L. & M. was going at 103 7-8.

“I wish I couldget to the bank and sell out my
“I see $1,500 in
sight, and tliat’s more than I expected to make.
If a slump should come on before I cash in I
might lose every cent of it.” _ .

At half-past two the cashier sent him to the
After de-
livering it he determined, at the risk of another
run-in with the cashier, to run up to the bank and
give in his_ selling order.
gin clerk assured him that his stock would be
sold right away at the market price, which then
was 104 1-8. So when Dick got back to the office
he ﬁgured up that he would make $1,500 out of his
latest deal, which, with his previous capital, and
the $1,000 he had just received from Mr. Bulwer,

. would make him worth $3,250.

CHAPTER IX.—The Gambling. House.

“This has been a great day for me, Sadie,” said

Dick to the stenographer as he stopped in at her

den when his quitting time had come. _

“Has it? What has happened of so much im-
portance?” she asked curiously. .

“In the first place, I've made $2,500.”

“You did? Come, now, you’re Joking.”

“Never more serious in my life.”

“Why, how could you make somuch as that?
Surely not out of the market with your little

apital.”
C “I made $1,500 out_ of the market on”L. & Mu
which has been booming since morning.

“Oh, that is the new deal you told me about the
other day? The one you had a. tip about a syn-
dicﬁltﬁ 1%hat_h}aJici”been formed to corner it.”

g .
“Yo:’r: the luckiest boy in the world to get hold
' t .”
of“s'I‘1fl};t’as}s)‘i2)!l‘:3.lI§I‘1t goods, too.”

“You say you made $1,500 out of it?”

“» othin surer girlie. I had 70 shares, which

N g 9 .

[ bought at 82, and sold at a fraction above 104.

He did so, and the mar-'

THE MISSING BOX OF BULLION

to

~}

I calculate that the fraction will pay most of the t '

commission and interest charges. Twenty-two
times seventy is ﬁfteen-forty. Call it $1,500 even
and you have it .in a nutshell.” '

“Well, if you aren’t the smartest-——”

“Hold on, no bouquets, please!” ,3

“I think you’re entitled to a whole conservatory
of flowers.
$1,000? I think you said you made $2,500.”

“I did, but it’s a long story and will have tb
keep. In a few words it amounts to this: A gen-
tleman lost a pocketbook, I recovered it, and he
paid me $1,000 reward.”

“Dick, you must have
the girl.

“Surest thing you know,
piece of luck is to come.”

“What is that?” ‘

been born lucky!” cried

Sadie; but my greatest

Well, how did you acquire the other 

 

“When I marry-you——the sweetest thing by all ‘ .

odds in Wall Street. or anywhere else,” chuckled
the boy.

ly. —
“Nonsense! If you don’t take me for your liege
lord and master some day I’ll go down to the Bats-
haunt you as long as you live.”

“Is that all you’ve got to say?” '-'-

“No, I’ve something else. I’ve made consider-
able progress toward discovering the mystery 01
the missing box of bullion.” "

“You have!”

“I have. If the police knew what I know there
would be a sensation in to-morrow morning's pa-
pers. But Pm not giving out any information ‘to
the police that I can use myself.
detectives on the job, I undemtand. If the ‘re
not smart enough to discover who took that "ox,
and how it got out of this oﬂice, let them go ba
their heads. This kid isn’t going to help them.

"You ain’t?’’ ~'

¢cNo.:> '

“So you’ve discovered——”

terv and jump into the bay. Then my ghost shall“?

“Several things. I know the man who owns tligﬁ

ring whose tail and the impression of the hea
and neck are in my possession. I know he's a bi ‘
crook, although he is masquerading as a Wag
Street Raffles. I know where his oﬂice is, and
I believe the missing box of bullion is in his safe;
untouched, too, for it would be too risky for him
to try to turn it into money yet. I also know that
he has a friend—now don’t scream out—in this
oﬁice.” _ 
“Why, Dick, you can’t mean thatl” cried the
astonished girl. '
“I do mean it._ I'm not going to tell you his
name yet, for I don't know if this chap is his ac-‘
complice or not. It is quite possible that he does
not know that this Raffles is a crook, in which
case it is merely his misfortune and not his fault
that he is. acquainted with the rascal.” -
“How did you ﬁnd all these things out, Dick‘!

Are you sure that you aren't making a mistake ,

that’ll get you into trouble?” _

“Don’t you worry about me making a mistake;
Sadie,” replied Dick conﬁdently. "Be sure you"ré
right, then go ahead, said Davy Crockett, and
that’s my motto. I am-right and I’m going righﬂ
ahead, only I'm working slow to make sure thaﬁ
I don’t slip up.” . ,~

“Well, you’re a. most extraordinary boy,” 
Sadie. regarding Dick with admiration. ' d

There are three '

 

“What nonsense!” cried thegirl, blushing deep- v

.y,‘
}. .

'\:

  
 

, -:
\»

 

  

   
   

  
      
    

.  ' _ ' g . V vs’ '
f‘N,o,‘ «there’s nothing extraordinary about me.
rh..5'ust'lucky, that’s all.’ Now, remember, not a
hisper ‘of what I’ve.'told you. You’re the only
one"I’m»trusting my secrets to, so I hope you ap-
z gpreciate the honor. Even my folks don’t know
about my stock speculations.”
, “-You know you can depend on me.” ,

rf‘I’f I*didn’t think so you wouldn’t have heard a
word from me.” _ ' _ ,

. .“If you find that missing box of bullion you 11
he entitled to the reward that Mr. Langley has
offered. Then you’d be a rich boy.”’ _ ”

“That will suit you first rate, wont it?

,“Why, yes; I’d rather see you get it than any-

   

   
   
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
       
       
    
   

S.
'4
(‘D
n—«
01
(‘D

 “Of course you would. You Want your future
husband to be well off.” _ ” _ _'
"Run along now, you foolish boy, replied Sa-
’,.turning away with a blushing face.
“So long, then. ‘I’ll see you to—mori‘-ow,” ,
«Two days later Dick received his check" from
he little bank, and when he looked at his little
giwonof over $3,000 he felt that he was something
- ‘ "Va capitalist. He rented a box in a near-by safe

iewit would be safe there, and handy to get at
hen he needed it. That day he saw Andrew
aiiage on the street, and he noticed that he had
 VsnV’ake ring on his ﬁnger once more. It was
ow -in perfect condition, and no one to look at

Viliition.
,Dick- wondered what other game $a.V3«8‘e W33
‘woVrki'ngV ins the district. A man of his presumed
igenius‘ at crooked work would not l0ng_remain
pile. ~ Every time the young messenger Passﬁd
along the corridor and looked at the door of the
‘ ational Pneumatic’ Tire C0ml3aT1Y»” he W011‘
cred what his next move would be toward solv-
ng the mystery of the missing box of bullion.
Day after day passed, and he was at a standstill-
_ iveital times he was“on the point of taking the
all Street detective, who _w_as still on the case,
/ oihis‘ conﬁdence and dividing the honors with
 ;' but he always hesitated, because he was am-
tious to work the matter out himself.
»I-Ie".never went home early now, but hung
‘ mind the corridor totsee if anything would hap-
that would give him the wished-for opening;
ﬂnothing did. He saw Murphy .Magu1re go
tozthe tire company’s office several times,_and he
V recognized Cole and his associate visit the
a He never saw anybody else go tliere—not
en.',VPaul Bender, from which he came to the
wbnclusion that Bender was not in with the Sav-
egang. In this way three weeks slipped by,
i1d,I),ick learned of another stock that was bein
jjiiered by a pool of’ big operators. _It was S. _
V and was then ruling at 71. .])ick got his
may ¢u1;V_Vﬁf his siife deposit box and bought 300
t ‘ *mar n.
llrﬁsizig usieiaulslliitck holfjijs out I ought to make a
»hiaV.ul this time,” he told himself. “As this is
other good tip I see no reason why I haven’t a
odchance to win out. At any rate, it’s a whole
.1Ietter'.than going it_blind.” _ _
tin» the Saturday night following his latest
" 1; deal Dick came down alone to see a popular
V VVai;VVone of the Forty-second Street theatres.

  

    
 
  

   
 
  
  

   
       
      
    
      
  

  

  
  
 
  

‘ , V rm: Missing; ~:Boi;_. 0F,BULiiION- 

V button, and the tinkle of a bell follVowe“d.*;VV.

posit vault and placed his money in it. He.

would have supposed it had suffered any mu- _

lceilingward, and out of the ventilator 

’ with entranced. curiosity

age, MurphyVMaguire and Paul ,,Bei‘id_ei-j 
sauntering along at a, leisurely pace. . " i 
“Bender is ‘certainly -thick with thosei, chap,
thought the boy, as the trioturned; into ag‘
cafe. . . ~ ‘  3'
Dick looked in and saw them walk togtlie . nd
the barroom and disappear through a'[doo;r',m"
ed “Private.” The young messenger-sleuth. W I
sidered a moment and then followed. t,li.eiIV1.1’ Dpe
ing the door, he found himself. in a narrow co

»

 

S

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
      
       
  
    
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
   

door, in white and gilt.

the ‘door was fast.
6‘

I guess this is as far as I get,” he th ,
Just then two sprucely dressed young.men7
upstairs. ’ ' ’ V  *
“Did you ring?” asked one of,thein.i' .
“No,” replied Dick, not knowing what lwrnean
The speaker put his. ﬁnger on an —~electric' V '
in the door slipped noiselessly back,,and Di
a man's face behind a wire screen. , Pr-esen,
‘door swung open and the two you‘ng..menl-enters
Dick followed after them, close atthcir here
opposition was made to his entrance. '**-Fr
1ooks..of the elegantly furnishedworrid
which the young men were~wall<ing,_ iJ,8kéIl.V.
nection with the sliding panel,’ Dick -belie’
he had been admitted to a gambling reso
he didn’t doubt but the man on guard-belie
accompanied the two young chaps, who we
dently known there, Dick thought »i,t‘pru,
follow them until out of sight of the guard,
was a strapping colored man, dressed in rev
suit. ’ ’  
They went straight to a small room, who
gave their hats and coats to an attendaiit
did likewise, receiving a small nuinberedi-st,
plated check. The young men«lighted:.ci'g
and offered Dick one. He took it, but .diVd* ’
tempt to smoke it beyond taking a —puffe~:e7rf
when one of the chaps offered him a iig‘htV' VW
they walked toward a green baize V,dooi'a
end of the corridor Dick went along with;
Pushing open the door, which swung 
at the lightest touch, the three entered’
sized, handsomely furnished room. , Thar
oblong table in the center, surroundcdfbfy H
of men, mostly in evening dress. There
game going on at the table. A black-eye?
with a long, drooping, black mustache, sat
head of the table, and seeinedto be  ,
spirit. ‘ - I Z  Ltj‘ V V
“Make your game, gentlemen,” [Dick‘/heard
say in an impassive tone, “make your game’
There was a movement among those sir
ing the table-—a part of whom were seated
a second row stood behind their chairs,ﬁan
took part in the proceedings. The sinolEe‘VfV
score of cigars rose lazily into the air an

  
     
 
   
   

 

 
  
 
 

 

   
       
 
     
   
   
  
  

  
   

  
  

tops of the windows, before» whichthic
were tightly drawn: A hum of low conve’
mingled with an occasional ejaculation, pe

the partment. _A roulette wheel st‘ood.in
in“ charge of an attendant, and toward thii
companions went after a careless‘. giant
crowd about the Ion table. j 7* ‘\~ *
~Dick did. not fol ow theni;-‘buti
t t‘ c

   
     
    
   
 

  

   
   

 ..door.

16

And well he might, for this was his first visit to
a gambling house.

VCHAPTER X.—More Discoveries

No one took any notice of him, but lest one of
the attaches might regard him with some sus-
picion, which might lead to his being summarily
ejected, Dick joined the crowd about the table.
He soon saw that Savage, Maguire and Bender
had taken a hand in the game. He watched
them furtively and saw that their luck varied.
Nearly an hour passed away, and Dick guessed
he was not likely to gain anything by remaining

7 ’ at the gambling house. He decided to leave.

Starting toward the green _baize door, somebody
grabbed him by the arm. Turning, he saw it was
one of the young fellows who had unconsciously
paved the way for him to get in there.

“Come and have a little refreshment,” said the
young man, who looked as if he was a member
of some swell family.

A roast beef sandwich followed, and then the
young fellow asked Dick what he’d drink.

-“I’ll take a soda,” replied the young messenger.

Dick had just ﬁnished it when on looking to-
ward the door he was disturbed to see Savage,
Maguire and Bender file into the room. He
wouldn’t have minded the ﬁrst two, but he knew
Bender would recognize him and want to know
how he got in there. Excusing himself hastily
to his companion, Dick hurried to a door that he
thoughtled into the entrance corridor, instead of
which it took him into a small, well—lighted pas-
sage. There were numerous doors here_, and
Dick opened the first he came to. It led into a
small room furnishd with a handsome round table
and several chairs, with unlighted electric bulbs.
Shutting the door, he was about  try the next
when he heard a conversation behind it, and that
told him the room was occupied. In fact, the
only room that appeared to be unocupied was the
one he had looked into.

Looking back into the refreshment room he
saw Savage, Maguire and Bender drinking at
the sideboard. Hoping they would return to the
main room, he waited. Instead of doing that they
suddenly came toward the door he was peering
through.

“Good gracious! Bender will see me, sure.
How can I get out of here?”

Adjoining the room he had looked into was a

door, a narrow one which he had overlooked. As

Dick glanced around in ‘perplexity he saw this
Opening it, he looked in. He saw it was
a. closet containing divers articles, such as brooms,
mops, etc.

“I can
muttered.

He sprang in and shut the door, just as the
three men entered the passage. A moment later
he heard them enter the room adjoining. Savage
turned on the electric light, while Maguire closed
the door. A gleam of light shot through a small

hide here for a moment or two,” he

- opening in the connecting wall of the closet. Dick

put his eye to it and saw the three men plainly

7as they seated themselves around the table. Their

talk also reached his ears quite distinctly. Savage
took a ack of cards out\of a receptacle under

.315 tabe; also a bone or ivory counting—board.

THE MISSING BOX OF BULLION

It was clear that the trio were oing to indulge-
in a private game amongvthemseves.

“It’s two months now since we copped that.
box of bullion,” said Savage, as he started to»
deal out the cards, “and as funds are‘ getting a.
bit low, owing to the losses that Maguire and:
I have met with in this establishment, I think
it is high time that we began thinking of turnng.
those golden ingots into current cash.”

At those words Dick’s heart gave a great
bound. The scent he was on was getting hot.
Not only that, but he now perceived that Bender
was hand-in—glove with the two crooks.

“It’s too soon,” replied Bender. “Langley has
notiﬁed all the assay offices and other places that
receive bullion to be on the lookout for the stolen
ingots.”

“Suppose he has. I propose to get that box
away from its present quarters as soon as I can,
maybenext week, if circumstances favor it. I’ve
hired a house out in New Jersey where I propose
to melt that stuff up into a diiferent shape alto-
gether, and then ship it out West. There we’ll
have no trouble in disposing of it.”

“I don’t see how you can get it out of the build- .

ing without beiiig detected.”

“Leave that to me. I’ll ﬁnd a way. I’ve been
ﬁguring on that some time, for I knew it had to
be done.”

“You can’t do it after the building is shut u ,
and before that there will be the attaches to loo
out for.”

“Don't worry, Bender. I haven’t failed in any-
thing I’ve undertaken yet, and I don’t expect to
slip up this trip.”

“How about the detectives who are on the case?
Langley has a special man from the Wall Street
agency, and he is continually on the watch around
the building. In fact, I heard that he is dressed
as an employee."

- “I’ve got him spotted. The
been withdrawn.” ’
“Sure of that, are you?”

“Positive. Maguire can tell you that. He’s
hand-and-glove with several Central Oﬂice men,
and keeps me posted.”

,The men then branched off on to other subjects,
and Dick continued to listen, hoping they would
say something more about their plans concerning
the box of bullion, but they didn_’t. At lengt
the boy decided that it was useless to remain
longer in the closet. He judged that it was after
midnight a good bit by this time. The cafe‘was
of course closed long since, and he wondered
where the exit from the gambling establishment

other sleuths have

was. .

“I don’t like to ask my way out, because it
would give me away,” thought Dick. “I’ll have
to follow someone on the Way out.”

Cautiously opening the closet door, he found
the passage clear at that moment, and stepping
out, went into the refreshment room, where he
found several visitors. Hearing one of ‘them tell-
his companion that he was going home, Dick fol-
lowed him to the coat room and got his things at
the same time the gentleman did. Then he fell in
behind the man. and the doorkeeper let them both
out into the landing at the head of the stairs. The
gentleman went down the stairs and Dick tagged
on behind. The former opened a door that ed
into the hallway of. the building next door.,
Through this they gained the street. Dick looked:

 -.___ ._-__\'

.3‘

1*?

 

    

 

at.»,Iiis watclilandlsawt thatit was a quarter past
one. He last *no time, -therefore, in“ reaching the
 elevated station and taking a car for home.

_ l

CHAPTER XI.———Knocked‘ Out.

      

-7 ' “I’ve made two discoveries tonight,” he said_to
 . himself. “The first is that Paul Bender is in with
J the Savage crowd, and the second, that the miss-
mg box of bullion is apparently in the oﬂice of the
7National Pneumatic Tire Companyfs oﬂice, locked
A up, no doubt, in the safe. Now it looks to me as
~ if my next move should be to lay all the facts be-
~ fore Mr. Langley. In that case he’ll call in his
 detective and have.,him ﬁnish the job. That will

v rob me of half the credit. If it should turn out
' that the box is not in Savage’s safe, but hidden
" C somewhere else in the building, the elforts of the
mdetective may queer the whole business. for the
 only evidence against these crooks is my unsup-
ported word as matters stand. Though it is true

 

4 prove by Tiifany’s clerk that the missing tail was
 1”-epjaced by thatestablishment for Murphy Ma-

guire, actin foi‘ Andrew Savage. No, I think

I'll wait a w ile before telling Mr. Langley. May-
». ‘be I'll think of some way of ﬁnishing the work

. myself without the aid of the detective.”
 A When Dick reached the office Monday morning
 ihedid not conﬁde the fresh facts he had obtairie
to Sadie. He ﬁgured that matters were nearing
ma climax, and he would say nothing more until he
had brought the job to a successful issue. When he
i ‘left the oﬁice on Monday afternoon /Savagecanie
out of his ofﬁce, locked up, and went down in the
A elevator with him. Savage went toward Broad-
 ,« way, and Dick, being bound in the same direction,
” ~ followed after him. The crook crossed Broadway
and went up on the other side as far as Cort-

  

  

landt Street, turning down that thoroughfare. 

 3 Dick kept a short distance behind_ him. He
- i ‘ thought Savage intended to take a Sixth Avenue

 

4, that station he crossed under it and kept on down
“ A the street. . e
’ I .“,I wonder where
‘jtoung messenger.

zout.” .
L . Savage led him to thepferry house at the foot of
the street, and there. he bought aferry ticket.
Dick did likewise, andboarded the boat after him.
' On reaching Jersey City the crock got on a car,

 

h ' ' ?” thought the
“I ethlikgllrtgill try and ﬁnd

  

  
 
    

iAfter riding sonie_distance Savage got off negr
the Hackensack River and started up '3 S1 9

reet. Dick followed on the other side, of the
street. The houses‘ became fewer and farther
part as they proceeded, and Dick began. to fear
at the crook would get on to him._
owever, never turned his head, and did not ap-

— ed a corner leadin to the river.

}e.I}I‘gll}e1 cllglylulfguse within a hundrid yards was" the
threeastory frame one on the corner around which
the crook had gone’. It was not tenanted, and ﬂut-
ring from the front door was part of as “To Let”
sign of some real estate agent. The ground ﬂoor
was evidently intended to be used as a store.
 the dj1'9,pidaj;ed appearance of the house it

 
 
    
   
 

 as uvggiad not been occupied f01'»«S_011l1Ve,

, x

 Box. on ‘entries 

that I can produce the tail of the snake ring, and .

 train uptown.‘ Instead of mounting the stairs of I

I time keep this lad a close prisoner ,1 A

and Dick jumped on the platform of the same one. '

iar to notice that he was being shadowed. At —

 
  
 
        
  

,x'‘* '‘

time. .Wheni,JD,i¢k may : led the apposite

expected to see. Savagefpwalking-"on

in sight. . ‘ , A
“He must have gone into thatbiiild

  
      

. small side door, for there is no other play 

he could have left the street so quickly}, ,
to himself. “That must bethe house
tioned Saturday night as having taken
Jersey, and where he is planning to have _ , ,
1Ifl5g‘_tlJ’C,)X of bullion carried‘ to. Imust mak “
o 1 . '

 
      
 
    
     
  
     
  
   

Dick had never been in that neighbor on
fore and he did not know the names of the '
Though there was a street lamp“
there were no. signs on it. V ,. ,,
"Never mind: I’ll go on to the next‘ Liaise
inquire,” he thought. i f ‘ ' 
Acting on this idea he proceeded as ~ . .
nearest building and found out the team I ,
two streets. There was nothing fo_i'-.hinii in 
but to retrace his steps to the car lineﬂzac
brought him and Savage out theyreg‘ ii. ‘
as far as the corner opposite’ the he
spotted he saw two men standing  tg
post. They were roughly dressed, like ”
and both wore beards. I _ , I ? >
What time ‘is ti’,

“Hello, young man!
them asked Dick _ .
_ The young messenger stopped to giv
information. As he turned to continu
he received a blow on the back of the
stretched him senseless on the ground.

“Quick, Duﬁy, we must getihim, acros , ,_
and into the building before anyone comes
said one of the bearded men. ‘ p -’ 

_They grabbed the boy‘, up between _ eij
him across the street, and into~theilr.ul‘
the side door. Savage was waiting for , t 
_ “Y011’Ve got him. Good!” he ejacula,  _,
mg down at the unconscious lad as he ‘la  '
ﬂoor. - “This is Langley’s messengeiyan’ 511“ H
lowed me from'Wall Street clear out!)  i‘
never suspected that I was dead; on to him.’
detective on the missing box of bullio  
have put him on_the job,vand that is
I am under suspicion. I must return»
at once, see Bender and get himito. ﬁnd
detective really has his eye on me. In

  
       

     
  
     
  
   
  
   
  
    
 
  
   
 
    
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  

  
  

  
      
 
 
     
   

until you get orders to ‘let him go.
make a note of this building, and he di
for nothing.” , " I  ‘
“All right, Andy,” replied. Cole-
that he doesn’t get away until you sayvth
As soonas Savage took his departu:re«t
men carried Dick down to the cellar an I”
securely to one of the foundation.sup1$o
they left him and returned upstairs. ‘ ‘ I
after dark when Dick recovered cons;
Even had it been broad -daylighttli ",b_
have found it dark enough in theice far
he realized that he was boundto a -post
place that appeared to be below the
street, his feelings may be betterfiinag',
described. At that moment he had no’
that Savage, or anyone connectedw , ,
responsible for his present unenviab si
“I’m in a nice ﬁx,” he said to 

    
  
  
  
    
 
  
   
  

  
   
  
   
 
    
      
     
      

  
 

 ..

ething‘ 'th°at- was harder~tha.n' his fist,

v,,J.1\jdge from the lump " on my head. I
y. theyfvejcleaned me”out. Why they ,took
‘ble-to‘ :bring me to this place, which seems

lair, is more than I can understand.
ing; all I had, I should think they’d have
.111’ t ,e ‘st‘r‘eetfand_ skipped.” .
ﬁguring up the situation and not relish-
fr—"a cent, Dick made a desperate effort to
iiimselft‘ , He found that impossible, as he
tosﬁsecurelv bound to the post. _ ”
‘gander if _they left me here to perish?
iﬁthe boy, rather dismayed at the idea.
”er"thi‘s was the fact or not, aconsiderable

l.pa‘ss,ed-~’before -he heard the slightest sound

‘uilding. Then what seemed to be the

do”or-.'s'1animed, and he heard heavy steps of.
’ wt /men walking about over his head.-
‘eise niight be persons unaware of his_
nﬁthe’ cellar, he commenced to shout as
, ._1 ..

he ud. ,'I_‘he footsteps stopped. ‘Dick
ands, thinking he ‘had attracted their at-
';‘E1"i‘e-; footsteps continued, but in a few

ed away,’ as if the persons had gone‘

 tlier" room.

djdn’t hear me,” “muttered the young’

§,much discouraged._ »
‘hour passed drearily away before he
steps, again. Presently he heard a door

he end of the cellar and heavy steps.

the stairs that led down to the place.
also shone in that direction. _
’ hello!” cried Dick. “Come over this
eds clown here.”
fainan with‘,a lamp in his hands and
lowing him, holding something in both
i .As they came toward him, Dick, with

,.fC(7§nsternation, recognized the bearded chaps

he felt‘ he owed his present predicament.

4 fchapiin the lead. —
,1’d~like to know why I have been
‘sonar and tied down here,” replied

-..b‘e impatient to learn too much all at
ckled» the man. “We’ve brought you
to‘ eat, ‘which you may take as a sign

to‘ be a" ﬁxture for a day or two and
lvé1ig‘er,iaccordin’ to circumstances.”

‘t'.see’ any reason why you should want

., _ here. I suppose you have robbed me.
,or_e”do you expect to gain?” _
"  notanswering any questions, so you

'well hold your gab,” replied the man,

Id box and placing it in front of the

' vouplg of 'meatfsangwicheIsL a piece }(1>f
,’, Xanj‘ “,a cup 0 co ee. e man w o
in the talking then released Dick’s arms
uh to pitch in. ‘
h. 3. ” saidt_t1l1iets1pol<esma_n,,",for you
‘in more i e n_i_ornin.

fkllOW V ,” began Dick. .

that we're not answerin’ questions,”
“sharply. “',l‘here’.s your suppe

Eat it. If youwon’t we’ll takeit away ‘again a _
you can go hungry all night.” — . 
The man evidently meant what he said,‘and as
Dick was hungry he concluded to eat. The men
stood and watched him till he _had cleaned

the proceedings tied him up again. After satisfy

ing himself that the boy couldn't free himself he“

followed his companion, who now carried the

lamp. Their footsteps echoed up the stairs, and,

then Dick was left in total darkness once more. 
“Those rascals have some object in view, th‘at’s
certain,” thought Dick, when alone again. “I’d

give a whole lot to know what it is, but I guess I“

don't ﬁnd out till the time comes. I wonder where
this house is? .Why, maybe.it’s the one on the
corner that Savage entered. Gee! I think I‘ see‘
a light.
I was following him and got those two chas,

members of his gang‘, who were in the house,.t0f
Thatwould account for me being de,-» D
It’s my opinion, too, that these men .
were the two’ crooks connected with the robbery,
of Broker Bulwer’s pocketbook. I wonder if they‘
have recognized me as the boy who thwarted‘

nab me.
tained here.

them?” .

‘ The more Dick thought tlife matter over the;
got onto

more satisﬁedhe became that he had
the true explanation of the facts.

“Looks as if they intended to keep me a pris,-,
oner until they have removed the missing box,
Savage’
must suspect now that his true character is *
danger of being exposed. I guess I made a misvs -
He probably n,e=,
ticed that I appeared to be following. im, and as’
he has seen me many times in the o ce building":

of bullion from its present hiidng-place.
take in following him out here.

he jumped to the conclusion that he has in some
way become an object of suspicion in connection
with the missing box of bullion, and that Mr,

Langley sent me out to watch him,” said Dick ‘to,’

‘himself. ‘

Only at rare intervals did the young messengeit:

hear footsteps in the house as the hours Wore-

away. He could form no idea of the time of nig'ht*

it was, but judged that it was late. He knew tha

his father and mother would be wondering iwhfat N

had become of him, and, fearing something ‘had
happened to him, would long before morning
notify the police to look for him. Finally, in spit
of his strenuous circumstances, he .fell asleep:

and did not wake till the ﬂash of light aroused 7

him. It was his two captors back again with his
.breakfast. _ . ‘
“Is it morning?” he asked.

“Yes, it’s mornin’, all right. Here’s

breakfast—-a piece of steak, some fried potatoes, ..

a couple of rolls and coffee.
treatin’ you well._” . _
"You’d treat me better by letting me go.” 

“We can’t do that, but we’ll do the next best
thing, and that is let you have the freedom of’tl'i_e
cellar.” " ' 

Dick made no reply, but ate his breakfast, and
then the men retired, leaving him free to mov
around. This was a great relief to.,him, andi
put’/a hope into his head that he might be ab ,
to make his escape. He examined the,ce1lar/with
the aid of matchlight, but found that the only "
was through the door that led to the g1‘0llIld
and that was either locked ,or bolted.

You see we are

_ rate, he couldn’t get throughjt. About an,‘

Maybe Savage tumbled to the fact that

 run ivussiixie BOX or BULLION

dinner was brought to him, and he didn’t see the
men again until they fetched him his supper.
“The police are surely looking for me by this
time,” thought Dick, when alone again; “but as
I’ni away over in the outskirts of Jersey City,

‘near the Hackensack River, they are not likely to

come within miles of ending me. I'll bet Mr.
Langley has been in a stew without my services
today, but I can’t helpthat. I am more concerned
about the worry my parents are in over my un-
explained absence.” _ ‘ . ,

Another night passed, and Dick woke up an
hour before his breakfast appeared. He tried_to
get the men in conversation, but they were not in-
clined to talk with him. All the spokesman
would say was that he would be set at liberty
after a while. So Dick put in another monotonous
day of conﬁnement. No sooner had he drunk the
‘coffee brought to him with his supper than he be-
gan to feel drowsy. Hardly had the men left him
when he fell into a deep sleep, the results of g?
drug that was in the coffee. In that condition
he was later on removed from the cellar. The
men carried him out on the street and loaded him
into a light wagon.

After covering him up carefully, they mounted
to the seat and drove away. When Dick recov-
ered his senses along toward morning he was sur-
prised to find that he was no longer in the cellar
but lying in a bunk in a small, low-ceiled and
foul-smelling room. The room seemed‘to be mov-
ing up and down with a rolling motion. The dull
light of early morning was sifting through _an
opening in the roof. His ears were saluted with
the swish of water against the sides of the room».
When he looked around the place in‘ wonder at
the transformation in his surroundings he saw
several other bunks in which he noticed rough-
looking men snoring away. In the centre of the
ceiling hung a lamp, giving out a dim light, but
a very strong smell of rancid oil or fat. _

“My gracious! Where am 1?” Dick asked him-
self in some consternation.

The answer came to him a moment later—he
was aboard» some vessel. With an ejaculation of
surprise and dismay he jum ed out_of the bunk,
and rushing to the short lad er leadingup to the
hole in the ceiling, he ran up it. Stepping out on
the forecastle. he looked around  h

The vessel was under full_ sail, and nothing
greeted his eyes but an .unlim_it_ed- expanse of sea
and sky. The sun was Just rising, and the ocean
was beginning to sparkle under its beams. The
vessel he was aboard of had three masts, the
after one schooner-rigged, showing she was a
bark. , _ _ _
“Good Lord! I’m being carried to sea!” cried
Dick. “This is an outrage.” _ _ _

He rushed forward to put in a kick: Seeing
the officer of the deck on the poop, he climbed the
short ladder and approached him. , ” _

“Here, here! Get down and go for ardl Cried
the mate, glaring ﬁercly at him.

“I want to see you.” »

“Go for’ard, d’ye hear?” - ,

“I don’t belong to this vessel. I’m not a sailor.
I’m being carried off against my will._ I want
you to put me on shore,” blurted out Dick.

T The mate's reply was to swing his telescope and
knock him down. Two of the _watch were then
called up and ordered to drag him_ away and toss
Iiim back into the forecastle. Dick put up the

197

best resistance he knew how, but the sailors ‘were’ .

strong and tough, and yanked him along in spite
of his struggles. They shoved him back down
the scuttle and warned him to stay there. He re-
mained several minutes clinging to the laddei.'_i.‘nL
a pretty desperate frame of mind. He had‘ no
idea where the vessel was bound, but he believed
it was across the ocean, and the idea of making
such a trip as that against his will was madden-
ing to him. After the two sailors retired Dick
crawled up the stairs again and stuck his head
out. There he sat considering what it was pos-
sible for him to do. The longer he considered the
more helpless he seemed to be. p _.
At length the sailors were called tobreakfasﬁ,

and Dick moved to another spot on the fore- , ll

castle.‘ Here he was spied by the skipper when
he came on the poop, and a sailor was sent to
bring him aft. Dick, ﬁnding himself in the pres‘-
ence of the captain, asked how he came to» be
aboard the vessel. The skipper listened to him,
and then ordered the chief mate to bring up-,‘l:h_.e
ship’s articles and a bottle of ink and a pen. Dick
was ordered to put his autograph down on'the
document at the end a list of names. He re-
fused, whereupon the mate grabbedhim, and it-
ting the pen between his ﬁngers, compelled him
to make a cross, to which the captain added the
words: “John Doe, his mark.” ,
“Now, you’re shipped, you cantankerous young
imp, ‘and if you don’t obey orders I’ll skin you
a ive .
out from the slop chest.” - ,
All unnoticed by those aboard, a pilot boat was
passing within a biscuit toss of the bark’s-stern.
She was bowling along under all her sail with»;
bone in her teeth. Her number was painted in
big black ﬁgures on her mainsail. As the 
started to drag the boy away the young messeng-
ger’s eyes caught sight of the pilot boat. Jeth-
ing himself from the mate’s grasp, he rushed‘ lb
the rail and sprang overboard with a shout to
attract the notice of the men on the small vessel

CHAPTER XIII.—Dick Meets With a Surprise.

_The eyes of four men on the pilot boat were
directed at the bark at the moment Dick took his
plunge. _One of them seized a life preserver anti‘
flung it an the direction of the boy as he came to
the surface. The captain of the bark ordered; the
vessel_ have to and told the mate to take a‘ boat
and pick the lad up. Before the latter order was.
more than half executed, Dick had been pulled on
board the pilot boat, where, all dripping as. he
was, he proceeded to explain matters. As he
looked what he claimed to be, a Wall Street mes-
senger, and not a sailor, he was listened‘ to by the
head pilot aboard the craft, while" the boat lay to
a short distance from the bark. By the time he
liadt ﬁnished the chief mate came alongside in his

oa . i -

“Chuck that young deserter in here,” he said to
one of the phots.

“Do you claim him as belonging to your crew?"
asked the chief pilot. _

(‘I do.”

“He says he was put aboard your vessel in a: . ’

senseless state, and‘ that you were carrying him
off against his will.” A.

Take him below, Mr. Butts, and ﬁt him

 

    
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   

‘H_e’s';a liar. Hewas shippedin regular shape.”
He'd sift look like a sailor. He claims, ‘with
Qnsidera le" show of truth, that he's a Wall
treet messenger.” ‘

:,“.He can“ claim what he chooses. His name is
ttajched. to the bark’s articles and therefore is
a'.1l_y-s‘hip1)ed., I demand him back.”

_ '1,'h;e chief pilot was convinced the boy had in
9!!1_eiw,ay_ beenﬂshanghaied, and he refused to
ceh-im to return.

Al1,right,” answered the mate in a threaten-
ing ‘tone, “we'll take your number. and when we
etgback we'll have you up before the United
tatejsgcouit and make you sweat for this.”

Do it,” retorted the pilot. “Look out that the
doesn’t make your skipper sweat for kidnap-
. 'ii'n.= . Now you can sheer off.”

1, those words the pilot ordered his boat to
'pi11':C'i3'J3i-.he.r course again. The mate ﬂung a
'ng of.»-.im1')i‘.ecations at the pilot, and then or-
_. d h"s_' two men to row back to their vessel.
resent y she, too, was put on her course, and the
distance widened rapidly between the two vessels.

‘ fas’, taken below and told to strip off his wet
esj..' *H‘e,was- provided with dry ones for the
‘" gheing and his own- garments were wrung
9fnd..hung; around in the sun.to dry. He was
finvi,téd‘ to breakfast in the cabin. During
i‘n.ea1’he told his story more fully, but omit-
' all.’ reference to the missing box of bullion.

e‘ pi,lots'complimented him on his plucky‘ es-
_ e7froi’n' the bark, and assured him they would
' "‘ in New York some time that afternoon.
 Hook was sighted about noon, and Dick
‘plea_sed.to death .to behold the soil of his na-
ahd ‘again, although he hadonly been a short
was from it. He was landed in the basin
ooklyn about four o'clock, and soon reached
,_Tthat, would take him to the Fulton Ferry,
; the-decided to cross instead of going to the

1 '36.», 4 It was half-past ﬁve when he stepped on
 Island- Although he knew there was
éiiéfat the Tyﬁice at that hour, he determined to
»  and telephone home, for there was a tele-
infthe hallway_of' the ﬂat he lived in. He
anted to ﬁnd out ‘if any of the Savage
we're at the National Pneumatic Tire Com-
iiyllsgoiﬁce, in which event he intended to have
 arrested at once. Accordingly V-he made a
b’%li7né'£;or,Wal1 Street, and foun the street al-
’ _:‘deserted. Rushing in at the entrance, he
’ -ziobodyfthezte but one.elevator man,,who ex-

iﬁjis surprise on seeing him at that hour.
~k»e"me up right away, please,” he said.
win," said the man. . ‘ '
I11'3'!‘thei meantime the're was something doing at
ymoinent on the fourth ﬂoor. Andrew Savage
madesalli his arrangements for removing the

if box’ of bullion from his oﬂice. When the
us‘ oﬁ‘ices»closed at ﬁve o'clock, Savage. Ma-
 .‘Cr_ile~ and‘ Duffy were seated in the office of
‘ ational Pneumatic Tire Company. They
oined in the course of a quarter of an hour
iil"Bender. At half-past ﬁve Savage sent
ndalﬁuffy downstairs to get the head janitor
other attache out of the way for a
’ .,r~:.'I'he detective on the case had been de-
gway on a bogus clue furnished to him by
thr_ough- one of the Central Ofhce detec-

wasin waiting at the Pine Street" en-

 

.the way. Everything being in readiness for the‘

brief

drive ,.of which was an unscrupulous _»

' S"  l,ll_'.‘IllSSIfNCr cm Tozsf §12{U;i;L;Ioi$i  .. .-

chap who had agreed to take part in the plot, the
nature of which had not been explained to him,
for a $100“ bill. ‘ Everything was ready at the H
moment _Dicl_( entered the building. His presence: 
in the vicinity was the last thing Savage would ,
have calculated on, as he supposed the boy was i 
miles out at sea by that time. We may as well

remark here that Savage was unable to connect

Dick with the efforts being made by Broker Lang-

ley to recover the missing box of bullion. Bender  ,
had made it his business to look into the matter, — ‘ V
and he discovered that Mr. Langley had no idea
where his messenger had disappeared to. Savage, 5
however, regarded the boy’s action in following
him_to the outskirts of Jersey City as too sug‘— 
gestive to be disregarded. ,

As he wasn’t taking any chances, he arranged
to have Dick sent to sea simply to get him out»of“

 

quick removal of the box, Savage opened his safe
and he and Maguire took it out. Theywere in E
the act of taking it across the thresho1d'of“the. 1
door when the ja-nitor’s assistant, who was sup-
posed to be in another corridor attending to his:
business, suddenly appeared. ‘He uttered an ex‘-
clamation on seeing the -box with the word
-“bullion” painted on it. Savage judged» from? the
expression of his face that he suspected something
was wrong, and would give the alarm. He .m::d'e—
a spring atthe man, while.-Maguire and Bender
dropped the box to help him» secure the ‘unwel-«. »,
come witness. A short scuffle, and tire janitor  —
succumbed to a blow on his head. i »' 1 i
“Get the box to the elevator, quick!” cri_ed».. .-‘v-f
Savage. . . 
As Bender reached for the box of bullion Dick - 
came into the corridor. His unlooked—for appear.- ; -
ance rather staggered the rascals. Butthey were .
equal to the emergency. ' ;
“Seize hiin, Maguire!” cried Savage. , -1.
Maguire slipped behind Dick and grabbed him." ‘
The young messenger was taken by surprise, for
he had not counted on seeing what was taking ..
place—the removal of the box of bullion. Sav e“- -.~
rushed to assist his companion in securing t e" 
boy. In half a minute Dick was choked into i'n- . Q.
sensibility. ~ . 
“Away with the box, you haven't a moment’ to A ’
lose. I'll follow later on,” said Savage. . i  "c
Maguire and Bender raised the box and hurried"
to the, elevator, where a cage, which Cole had’
brought up to the ﬂoor. and left there, stood~wait-1
ing for them. Savage then dragged both, Dick,
and the janitoris assistant into his oﬂice and».
closed the door. ~ ' /‘g
“How in creation did that boy escape from the 1 
vessel he was put aboard of?” he said to himself. ,‘
“The captain must have gone back on h_is’bar-"
gain. Well, his appearance and the inopportune ‘
turning up of the janitor will settle me in this
building, unless I were to drop them down the
elevator shaft, and that kind of business isn’.t’irl
my line. The‘ boy is the more dangerous of the
two. I must get him away if I can. My own;
cab is at the front door. On the plea that he's
ill, if I'm questioned about his condition, I can
put him into my cab and take him across the -
river. As for this man, I’ll drag him td the next"
corridor and leave him on the floor.” a 7 ’
This. plan the rascal carried out. After_,d‘is‘
posing of -«the janitor’s assistant he carried ,Dic.,§

 

  
  

 

I 

 

 
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
    
 

 

 . fjz‘

7?».

 

THE’ MISSING BOX OF BULLION

to the elevator and rang the bell. The elevator
came up. _ - ' ‘
“This young fellow fainted in the corridor near
Mr. Langley’s oﬂice. I'm going to take him
around to a doctor’s,” said Savage to the elevator
Inan. \ ‘ _
The attache was unsuspicious and carried
Savage and Dick down to the main ﬂoor, and at
the crook’s request helped carry the boy to the

b.
ca“Cortlandt Street ferry,” said Savage to the
driver in a low tone.

He got in beside the unconscious boy and the
cab drove oﬂ’. .

“Everything is working like a charm,” chuckled
the crook. “If there had been any trouble get-
ting the box out by the Pine Street entrance I
should have heard about it when I came down.
All was then serene. so the box is on its way.to
New Jersey by this time, and I am close on its

. heels.” ’

He rubbed his hands together in a ‘satisﬁed way
and chuckled again.

CHAPTER XIV.—-Dick in Luck.

Dick came to his senses to‘ ﬁnd himself in pitch-
darkness andabsoliite silence. As his last recol-
lection was strugglin with Savage and Murphy
Maguire, in the corn or of the fourth ﬂoor of the
building on Wall Street, _he hardly knew what to
make of the transformation. . _

“Where am I at now?" he asked himself.

He felt for his match safe, struck a match and .

d.
1oq}{Wdh;’,r 0Il’lirrl in the same old cellar!” he gas ed
‘ '.hment.
:I1er?tst1(;)ll11}<§>ugh since I last looked on this place?
It can't be, for it was too realistic. And et how
did I get back here? By George! I dont know
what to think. I’ve been having a truly wonder-
ful experience. ’ I "remember eating my 311131391‘
here and then the next thing I knew I was aboard
a vessel and it was morning. After being knocked
around bv the captain and the mate  Jumped
overboard and was Picked up 133' 9- P11“ b°at
which landed me in Brooklyn. Then I went to the
oﬁice and came upon Savage, Maguire and Ben-
der moving the box of bullion. Savage and Ma-
guire attacked me and then—I ﬁnd myself back
again in this cellar. It seems like a dream; and
yet that plunge into the ocean appeared to be
real enough. G1o_ih!_tI,f that was a dream I dont
. e i .
wal-III: Zldlt’ iinrln:nd moved around the cellar, for he
was too nervous to remain seated or lyin down,
as he had found himself. Finally he wa ked up
the stairs and tried the door. It was fast, as he
expected to ﬁnd it. He struck a match and
looked up and down the closed edge of it. There
was no lock to the door, therefore he reasoned
that it was bolted. He took out his pocket knife
and ran it up the slight slit. About half way up

it struck an obstruction.

“Th t’s th b It.” he thought‘;

Dicl? sooneastdertained that it worked loosely
in its fastenings when he Pressed against the
dl)2.1llIaybe I can work the bolt back,” he said to
himself. I

“Have I been dreaming al I ~

21'

He lost no time in trying to accomplish the
trick. Little by little the bolt yielded to the force
he brought to bear upon it with the blade of the
knife. He paused at intervals to listen, but heard
no sound other than the slight scraping sound of
his knife blade on the bolt. Thus he worked
steadily for an hour, buoyed up by hope. At last
he worked the end of the bolt clear of the socket
and pulled open the door with a thrill of satis-
faction and triumph. He took off his shoes, closed
the door and rebolted it, and stepped forward into
a room that had a stove in it, and which he natu-
rally reasoned was a kitchen. ‘ '

There was a window to it, and this afforded
Dick .a view of the back lot, with a street run-
ning on one side of it. He remembered the lot
and the street, and knew where he was. From the
kitchen he passed into a passage which had a
door communicating with the street. The door
was locked and doubly bolted. He shot the bolts,

turned the key in the lock, and opened the door. .

The sidewalk and freedom were before him. He
was about to take advantage of his good luck

when a cab came around the corner at a slow '

pace. Dick drew back and closed the door partly,

though he never afterward could explain why he’

did so, for there was nothing in the appearance
of the cab to alarm him. It was fortunate that

he did so, for the cab stopped in front of the '

door.

“Gracious!” he exclaimed, entirely closing the .

door, relocking it, and shooting one of the olts.
“That must be Savage. Where shall I hide till

he gets inside? It would never do for him to dis- . .

cover that I've escaped from the cellar until I'm
out of his reach.”

As Dick struck a match to look around him, for

the kitchen offered no place in which he could re- v

main concealed if a light was introduced there, he

saw a door on his left. Opening it, he saw it was .
an empty closet. Just then he heard the side door .

bell ring. He popped into the closet and pulled
the door nearly to. A step sounded on the stair-
way at the end of thepassage. Somebody was

coming down from above, and this somebody had -

a light in his ha.nd. When he was half way down
the light of the lamp he carried revealed his fea-
tures, and to Dick’s surprise he saw it was Sav-
age himself. The crook put_the lamp on the ﬂoor
and went to the door. Unlocking it, he drew first
one bolt and then tried to draw the other, but
found it already drawn.

“That’s funny,” Dick heard him mutter; “I
could swear I shot them both. I don’t usually do
things slipshod. It doesn’t pay.” ,

He opened the door and admitted Maguire and
Bender carrying a heavy article between them.
Dick’s heart gave a jump, for he was sure it was
the missing box of bullion. _

“It’s taken you people a mighty long time to
get here,” said Savage in an unamiable tone.
“I’ve been here an hour. You ought to have got
here about the same time.”

“I know it,” responded Maguire, “andwe would
have done so, only we had a breakdown soon after
leaving the ferry house, and had to get repairs
made before we could continue. It was taking too
much risk to change to another cab. We can trust
this man, but not a stranger.”

Savage accepted Maguire’s explanation, and_;

then handed a bunch of bills to the driver of tho

 

   

, grvyhol stood outside; ;He said - good-niglit,

 'liis‘seat and drove away into -the;_dark-

‘  fchfe way he had come. Savage shut the door,
"l,‘o"c’k‘ed' and doubly locked it. _ ~

' V»lir9u‘g‘ht'the boy with me,” he said.

‘What!”Dick Hall?” said Bender.

‘res; * I didn’t deem it_ safe to leave him be-
I.n3d.,*»because he spotted this house, and would
'“ the policeyout here‘ the moment he recovered

* they choking Maguire and I gave him.”
didn’t dream what I went through,”

_‘_ Dick,’ as .he,heard Savage’s words. “I
tlio_t’ightjit.was too real for that.’f _

‘What a‘re~_you going to do with him?” asked
: ‘,7 r~‘: ‘ > I " u
got him locked up in the cellar again,” re-

Head Savage. “I'll let him go when the necessity

dlﬂlils. detention no longer exists.”

nit; Ilm afraid he saw me in the corridor when
mieared so suddenly upon us. If he did I can’t
 to-‘the office, for I’d be arrested in connec-

‘  the missing box of bullion, and would
:"pr'ison ‘while you chaps escaped with_t_lie
’ H  You must ﬁnd out by questioning mm
.!m"=oif-hand way whether he is on to me or not.

' ave to dust out I’ll throw in my lot with

, , ye that to me. If he didn’t recognize you
iallfright. b New bring the box upstairs.”
Wheregare Cole and Duffy?” asked Maguire.

hey haven't showed up yet. I expect them to

’ siny moment,” said Savage, picking up the

, ;‘a‘g"uire~azid‘Bender'each caught up an end of

H’ boas and followed the chief crook upstairs.
" ’;Ji!_!£i::'d them, enter a room and shut the door,
'the'irivoices reached his ears but faintly after

dile stepped out of the closet and stood in g

giaiitness with his shoes in his hand.

Wm what shall I do?” he asked himself. “The
_g'.:.-box. of bullion is in one of the rooms
.5: The momenthas arrived when I must

ﬂan those rascals. A false move is liable to
:1;v,er;ything,. so I must act with great care.
game is in my hands to close up. Can I do
suppose the proper thing for mevto do now

. ,.‘'leave the house while the coast is clear and
'1 the Jersey City police. That will take time.
!1;.,..see that I can single—handed accomplish
, , "by ‘remaining here. I think I've fairly
lg?-,,Langley’s reward if the missing box of

‘ ' _ » .is'recovered tonight. The detectives have

ﬁaeaiivunable to get any clue to either the box or

" hieves, while‘-I have done both. I think I’ve
"the case up pretty well, and am entitled
‘ the credit.”

  

or thehdoori. Altkthatdmoment hf heard
"ant e si ewa , an in anot er mo-
 bell rang. ‘
“i':tta_is"1n,l:1siI:ghbe 1Colet and_Duify,” thought Dick,
in .,o e cose again.
is tign ‘it wvias ;Maagieirf whoi cIa).mf§ down with
 ea itte oean u y.
Va}; Andy. ar;?inved?” C_ole asked. _ _
as,’-’ replied Maguire. ‘ He s_waiting for
_,want a. roaringhﬁre) .s1t1arte§ci in 1ﬁite”stove,
re going to me 1: t .e u ion onig .
s’o,orier the better, I think,” answered‘ Cole,
w,e‘.,can‘ get away from’ these diggmgs.”
aegis for you, too. .

 

ML‘

gig decided to notify the police, Dick,

 

make them prisoners.

. for Mr. .Lang1ey’s chief clerk. Thus, all h

   

  7i\ns‘"sINo scam  ’ "17

“The boy, young Dick. Hall, whom you; mt
aboard.the bark ‘Santa Maria,’_ bdund for /_ a-,
lermo, -is back again.” . ‘ .. 
f‘Back again!” cried Cole, in an astonished .- ’
voice. . ~ ,

“Yes. The captain must have let him go some; ~
where oﬂ’ thecoast, for‘ he turned up at the build-
ing. Just as we were taking the box of bullion to
the elevator, and we had to‘ knock him out to pre- "
vent him giving the alarm and queering the . . I
affair.” ‘I , , V

Cole uttered an imprecation.

“Is he dead?”

“N 0. Andy brought him out here in a cab.”

“Then he’s in the cellar?”

“Yes. Andy locked him up there.
stairs and get your orders from the boss.
going to open the box.”

The three at once went up to ‘the room above.

Come‘ - up-, . '
Wc’re ‘

CHAPTER XV.——Conclusion. I is

“The whole gang is together in the house, and ,» ~.
will remain here for some hours. This is my \_
chance to round them up if I can get the police
here in anything like a reasonable time,” thought I ‘
Dick, as he came out of the closet.  '

He went to the door and had unlocked it and ,
partly drawn one of the bolts when the door,‘ ’
above opened again, and he heard the voices of
Cole and Duffy at the head of the stairs. Cole}
had a lighted lamp in his hands. ‘ » l «

‘‘They’re coming down. I can't go till they’re
out of the way." ‘ ‘ 

He jumped into the closet again. ~ “

“Let’s take a look at the boy and see ifih "3 '
come to his senses,” said Cole, when they reachid 3
the bottom of, the stairs.

Duﬂ"y was willing, so they went to the door
ljeading to the cellar, drew the bolt and went ‘

own. V l ;
“My escape will be discovered, I must skip at. "
once.” thought Dick. ’ ' — 1

Cole and Duﬁy soon found that Dick was not « '
in thecellar, and they came rushing back in '8' .
hurry to notify Savage. As Dick started for the l - 
street door for the fourth time he heard their [1 .
steps on the stairs, and he was forced to run, to -.1 -’
cover again. They shouted up to Savage, and he, '
came to the head of the stairs, followed by M9.- 
guire. . . ' .

“What’s wrong?” asked the head crook.

“The boy isn’t in the ce1larl” . , ,

“Is'n’t in the cellar! He must be,” replied -',.
Savage. ,_ . _ 

“I tell you he’isn’t,” returned Cole. f‘We’ve "
just looked.” ' 

“He couldn’t get out, for I was careful to bolt ,
the door. You found it bolted, didn’t you?” . A. 

“Yes.” - ..

“Then he’s down‘ there.” ' ; ' ' H

“You'd better ﬁnd him, then,” said Cole. S

Savage came downstairs and Maguire followed, 
him. The four, headed by Cole with the lamp,
went into the cellar. As Dick Watched them 30% I
down a daring idea‘ occurred to him. It was to
secure the four rascals in the cellar andgthus

 

 

  

 

‘E

     

As for Bender, Dick knew he was. a 

I

 eh?"

r

gait, he mid  ‘itlie iwhole, gang and recover. *

the missing’ box of bullion. Thrilled by the‘ idea,
he ran to the cellar door and shot the bolt. Then

“struck him that they might burst open the door, '

He must prevent that if he could. Running into
the ‘kitchen, he looked around for something that
would blockade the door. There was nothing
suitable for the purpose. On a shelf he spied
a hammer and a saucer of‘ two-inch wire nails.
_ He took them dwn, intending to nail up the
door. With a couple of blows of the hammer he
knocked two of the panels out of the kitchen
"closet. At that moment he heard the four crooks
returning up the cellar steps. The fellow in the

- lead must have been astonished when he found
7 the ‘door was bolted. He shook it and then be-
' gan‘-to pound and shout.

Dick lost no time in
nailing the two panels across the door. That
would hold the four rascals prisoners in spite
of everything they could do to get out. p

7 Savage shouted and thumped on the door, de-
manding to know 'what was going on, but the
young messenger answered him not a Word. Hav-
ing got the four crooks ‘where he wanted them,
Dick started upstairs to settle matters with Paul
Bender. The chief clerk had heard the hammer-
’ g and other noises downstairs, but supposed it
was all right, as he knew the‘ four crooks were

‘ down there. Therefore he was unprepared, when

the door of the room Opened, '00 866 Dick H311
march in.
“Good-evening, Mr. Bender,” said Dick suavely.
The chief clerk gasped and looked quite stag-’
gered. ,
_ “You—you!” he cried. “I thought-——— .
‘ "I was a prisoner in the cellar? So I was
»till,.If.got tired of staying there in the dark and
,made'my.way out. As I consider what is good

3)

for the goose is also good enough for the gander,

I have locked your four friends up in the cellar,
where I propose they shall remain until the
police take charge of them.”
“What!_’} exclaimed Bender, aghast.
“Ii see, Mr. Bender, —you are taking good care
f ‘the missing box of bullion. Do you expect
to secure the $5,000 reward offered by Mr. Lang-
.ley'?” chuckled Dick. '
-‘ The chief clerk didn't know what to say. He
’ ealized that he was practically in the young
messeI1ger’s power, for he saw that Dick held a
-‘hammer in his hand. Had Bender been as plucky

' Afascthe boy he would have put up a ﬁght at once.

but he wasn't, though he was not actually a

coward.

“What are yougoing to do, Dick? Things look!

 for me, I'll admit, but you won’t give me
‘away,

will you? I’ll help you get the reward

iiorﬁreturning this box and putting the men in

"the cellar in jaiL-if you don’t say that I have

ad. a hand in * this aﬁair.”
fSo' you're ready to turn traitor to your friends,

‘They're not friends of mine. They forced me
into. this thing against my will. ' I had to stand

' with them.” «
‘Well, you can explain all that to Mr._Langley.
‘have no time to listen to you,” replied Dick,
Walking toward him.
%, our chair.” .
- ryclwhat do;you.n3ean2‘?. . .

'\ .,

'patrol wagon drove up full of cap

“Now put your hands_be--.

» “I mean to make you myprisoner.’

“Oh, I say, I won’t stand that,‘ oak
cried Bender, springing up. . . B
3 “Sit down, or I’ll ‘knock you on—.t
this hammer!”  .

“Come, now, let me go like awgoo .:
I’ll make it all right with you.”  '

“No, you won’t make anything right .
I’ve been working on this case from the mom
Mr. Langley's safe was found riﬂed Ofngthey
of bullion. Now I have the bunch of you‘ is: ,
up. Sit down or I’ll break; your head ’
understand? I’m in no ‘liumorto fool with
and the law will back me up if yo ~5
resistance. -If you’ve got any-éxcus
to make it to Mr. Langley.” ,

Dick swung the hammer menacingl I
der threw up the sponge. He,.‘subr'nitt ‘
bound to the chair with his own han sit! '
first, and then Dick completed the
rope he found in the room. The 
the room, locked the door and took .the’_key
him. He lost no time in leaving the h
Eouite to the nearest telephone static

n . . .

He traveled ten blocks before he. foun .a
store. Here he communicated with the '
City. Police Headquarters and told th, in
the other end enough of the facts of
to cause‘ him to promise to senda pat
and half a dozen policemen out to the
take charge of the prisoners and the '
of bullion. Dick then rang up Mr. Lan
(fence in New York. The broker‘
answered the call himself. p - . .

“Is that you, Mr. Langley?” /‘asked. 131;,

“Yes. Who are you?” ~ ‘

“Dick Hall.” . 3

“What! You, Hall! Where are .
where in creation have you been kee 
selfofor the last four or ﬁve days? ~‘
and mother are just crazy over your ,
ance.” ‘ '  -:

“I’m in Jersey City. Have been .h?eld‘.
by the crooks who stole your box of“biilli="

“Vi7pl’iat! You don’t mean that! -

y. . ’

“I’ll tell you all about it when I‘

I’ve great news for you. I have.‘

$79,‘? l
ﬁve men of the gang who stole" the-box’ ’ “
recovered your bullion,” replied Dick.

“Impossible!” cried the broker eicitﬁosg

_ “It’s a fact, sir. I’ve got them in an"
in the suburbs of this town, and ,the...I
police are now on their way ‘out *1
wagon to get them and the box of _,
you want to learn all the facts as sootra
sible, as I guess you do, come riglit.ovei:;b7o
headquarters. By the time you get"7tl1.e,r
prisoners and the box will be there.‘ '
what all your detectives could not d 
lprublem of the missing box of bullion,
y.

Dick returned at once to the lions , la“

prisoners were, and fifteen minute iafieg‘

waiting for them outside. ,
“Theprisoners, four of t
said Dick.

‘hem, are-
“You had bettervb ‘

. fudesperate resistance}6vhen,I»let. 

    
  
   
  
  
  
    
    
  
  
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
  

3can—oﬁ"set that by using your revolvers, for I
igi!an’t;»think they’re armed. If they are you’ll
‘have’ to take your chances of a shot or two.”
Dick, hammer in hand, approached the cellar
oor, and the police ranged themselves in the
best positions" to nab the rascals "as they ap-
ﬁeared. The boy removed the barricade and shot
‘, .. bolt. The crooks heard him and prepared
 swung open, but they found themselves in
;ﬂie‘arms of six stalwart officers, who handcuffed
 inshort order. It was a simple matter
to secure Bender, and with the missing box of
 in the wagon the procession returned to
heaglquarters, where Broker Langley had already
arnved. ’ ‘
Itpisneedless to say that he was astonished
,  die found his chief clerk among the pris-
 All ﬁve were locked up to await removal
to tits Tombs in, New York next morning, and
 accompanied his employer across the river.
’0a'.their wayuptown in a cab Dick told his
 to Mr. Langley, and it is needless to say
‘-the broker was fairly astounded at his mes-
,“ae’ng”er»’s revelation,

’)j;'.‘You have fairly won the $5,000 reward for
’-rﬁwvéring that box of bullion, Dick,” he said.
“ﬁnd the’ papers will make a hero out of you
because you accomplished what the detectives all

W V , It must have been
 him they got into my safe; but how he
Wlﬂd-,‘have mastered the combination is more
 Iecan. understand.
..‘. Next day Bender confessed how the thing came
dbout. He said he was in the private room,one

ﬁdntler was in this scheme.

5

‘atom, -‘and when he got in with Savage, who
other game, he told the crock the combination on
tfie.afternoon the box of bullion was put in the
 »He,sSavage and Maguire paid a visit to
thepoﬁice about six o'clock and got away with the
 locking the safe up as it was before.
‘Thechief crook had some trouble with the lock,
1. thatlis how he broke off the tail from his
snake ring. , The presence of the piece of putty
‘vr.a_s;§never explained. The newspapers made a
sensation over the case, and Dick got all the
 he was entitled to. He also got the $5,000
., ard, and -a few days later cleaned up a- proﬁt
336,000 on his L. & M. deal, which altogether
[ ,e_hi,m'.worth $14,000.

From that day he ceased to be a messenger,
_ Mr.» Langley promoted him to his counting-
and his rise thereafter was fast, and in
jta1w53y_ears he was ﬁlling the shoes of Bender,

 ferly chief clerk, who, with Savage and the
]_‘e1_~s, was putting in a long sentence at _Sing
7  Sadie Stevens was very proud over Dick's
bri iant achievement, for she had already lost
“heart to him; so, when later on he asked

_ ;to_marry him, she did not say “NO."’
me‘, willvnot follow Dick's career any further.
entually became Mr. Langley's cashier, and
 ,e;time’the husband of. the fair sten-
er. ,, The newspapers all _
f-tend-off on the occasion of his’ mar-

i

in

 

J  Missing  or c¢i§‘U1}i.i_o13i'l;»’

yi7o,;,make a. rush. This they did the moment the,

ﬁfiledfto do. But I am amazed to ﬁnd that Paul '

liiitaken the oﬁice in the building‘ to work -an-"

gave him a .

riage, because tliey. remembered he My wasithe boy  
who recovered the Missing Box of Bullion,'and'3 v

Solved the Wall Street Mystery. '

Next week's issue will contain “CLAIM No. 7; 

OR, A FORTUNE FROM A GOLD MINE.”

SOLDIERS AS READERS

Every enlisted man read between eight and ten‘

to a
their

books last year, on the average, accordin
survey of post libraries and the habits o

clientele made public by the United States Army. _ ‘

Recruiting News in a recent issue. With fiction
leading the van, these books were on subjects
ranging from elementary science to ancient phi-'
losophy and back to psychoanalysis. v I

The result of_this survey serve in a way to an- ~¢ ~-
swer the question of how a soldier spends his 1

time oﬂ’ duty. Opposed to the “between eight and

ten” of the soldier, the survey found that in forty: ‘‘

libraries in as many large towns the average
civilian was reading only three and a half books
per year.

It is in isolated posts that the ﬁgures per man" ~/

shoot skyward, the News says. The United States‘

Army forces at Tientsin, China, read 17,500 books‘ in
during the twelve—month period, with less than 0'

900 men doing the reading.

In addition to thepost libraries, the Army Li-I’

brary Service, one of the activities of the Ad-,

jutant General's Department, also has acirculsit-' ., 
ing library system which was inaugurated in ,

1922. This method of circulating new books has

proved most popular with the soldier readers, and 
there are now 157 of these libraries functioning ‘_ :

to capacity.

TYPEWRITER . GIVEN FREE

for selling only 25 packages of
Shampoo Powder at 15c a package.
Write to-day. PERFEX PRODUCTS
CO., 10 John St., Torrington, Conn.
Dept. N-25.

TOBACCO 8.'.§l‘“" "‘”‘*‘

mooo 2-: a.n......‘i7u'a'. ~

Make Secretly Investigations
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.
Fascinating work.
nity. Experience unnecessary.
ulars free. Write:

GEORGE R. WAGNER

Detective Traimny Department

' 2190 Broadway. New York

artic-

 

, _ . r No Pay. . ' 1
.‘:€+'.i"'iiJ'.$'u7&3?¢?§T's’3'i«”n'h""§.i'na'7'ii%'?h3b'3?,‘ "" '-
Maud oun  Nt '

Be A nctsstivc  

   
 
 
 
 

Excellent o$portu- -  " "

  
   

.\ .

‘ Wall Street Hoodoo.  

The Boy the Brokers Feared

A By Gaston Garne

 

 

(A Serial Story.)

 

_ CHAPTER I.
A Queer Fight in Wall Street.
"one day a new bootblack invaded Wall Street.

He was a youth about sixteen years of age.
He came ' strolling down from Broadway to

 
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
   
 
  
  

 

his shoulder. _
,1‘-Ie was a quiet

aoout the street, an was never seen to make a

Web for a prospective shine as did the other

5'  otblacks. - _ '

5%‘ ’Those already there claimed the ﬁeld. They

ad divided. up the territory among themselves,

and when they saw the newcomer they watched

{mm with ‘no little interest. They thought there

,wasn’t room enough down there for him. Some,

ifour or ﬁve ofwthem held a consultation, and two

of their number were appointed to give him

notice to leave, which they did the next day.

" They stood by watching him shining a_gent1e-

man's shoes, and when they noticed he had made

at splendid job of his work, the larger of the

we walked up to him and said: W

“Say, culley, where are you from.

“U town,” was the reply. _

A F,‘ e11,‘you go back uptown and stay there.

§,"fh¢re’s no room for you down here. This is our
"’ 7:9

gileakiﬁh, it is, eh? Do you fellows own Wall
. eetw:

  

    
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
     
  
  
   
  
   
  

, “Y ", it.»
H‘/’Yf)i1 «lb? $13“ Got heaps and heaps of money,
_ 1 9”
Jmzglzit ygilllley, don’t you get gay. HOW." Said
the coihmitteeman, “’cause we won’t have it.
 go back uptown, and go in a hurry; d
~ ’ 1;] long w o su -
&e:l1;tl<l¢l3‘l:¢1a‘d ailoglfllll zftnllils cfiliie azhd beckoned Ito
newcomer. He quietly put down his box,
read 3, little piece_ of carpet’ on the pﬁivement
lmelt down on it and Went 130 W01‘ -
The bookblack committee} looked at each Other
ﬂid exchanged signiﬁcant 8 311595-
: Thenew bootblack kept an eye on them. e
ﬂtldently eiqiectecl them to attack) him. ﬁt
ihey knew better, as it would have ‘oifended t e
‘V whom they both knew well, having
«¥§esg;i?iei}iiaI.¥i was smoking 3 Cigars and eVi'
. ﬂy doing some thinkinggprobably trying to
“ v T blem. He apparently was _not awzﬁe
th” ’ ' ‘t of the two other shmers. e
2 5?, ﬁigﬁﬁﬁaym his own thoughts thatvthe boy
to lift his foot oif the bozg, and,he. thmkms
job was ﬁnished, reached into his pocket for
1.  .5 ‘ xi , ‘ . .
ckﬁme have the other foot} 5,11%” 531d the 193"

 

y 7 scram    :  f ‘

_up against the wall and said:

i crossed the street and stood on the other’.

, tween themselves.
Broad street with a 'bootb1ack’s box hanging over ,

outh, and moved leisurely T

x his piece of carpet with his blacking and brushes

_the dirty ﬁrst of the speaker.

\ it all to pieces,
a werevscattered. i

 
 
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
    

I

andi the gentleman looked down at  ’fo'o_
sai : T ‘ - ' .1 * —
“Oh, yes; go ahead,” and he put up,..the.othei5
foot, saying: v ’ ' 1 I
“Hurry up.” 5 '
He di hurry, and when the job was
he looked down and saw that his ‘shoes looked
like atent-leathers. : 
“ ery good! Very good!_" he remarked,~‘—a’n,dC
he gave the boy a couple of nickels. He 
gone two paces before another gentlemanbackeé

“Here, gimme a shine,” and witho t gett_'_
up from his knees he began on thejob.‘  H ’
The other two bootblacks stood on the,-V 1;:

stone, glaring at him. 5 . . ‘
A policeman came «strolling ,a1ong,j so ‘they

where they evidentl discussedthe situation
Kleither of them lookfd f
customer anywhere. They seemed to be more
tclarested in their new arrival than inan
e se. * . 
When he ﬁnishedvhis third job, the ’ placed
inside his box and stood up, looking around;
waiting for another customer. ‘ -' . ” , 
The other two bootblacks ran across the st
and the larger one said: ‘ ‘ _ “- I
“Now, you git.’ ~ ’
“Ah, g’wan, ’ said he. ' _ ' "K .
The next instant-he got a jab in thepface g ~

The next moment the other found  »
lllllg‘ in the gutter, hardlyuknowing what sent
t ere. . ~ 1- ’.

He p-icked himself up, and was arranging
b1acking—box as‘if to use. it for a slung‘-sho

“Here, boy, give me a shine, quick," said;
other man, and the new boy commenced tolﬁli 
order for the fourth time. V  ' 

“What did you do to that boy?”'the eus
inquired. V 

“Nothing, sir. I just hoodooed him.” ..

“Oh, you did, eh? I thought you hit him. . .

The boy made no further remark, but wail;
with a most astonishing celerity, while theoﬂiéit
two retired to the opposite curb and 
ing) on. ’ ~ ~ : “

retty soon they ‘were joined by a third} 
black, and again there was a rapid con \ V f
after which they moved up toward _Broad5;¥ '”

He had just ﬁnished his job when another
tomer immediately took the former one’s 13?!

He‘ hadn’t more than put his brush on*the«.
customer’s shoe when the three boothlacks.  ‘
running down the sidewalk at full speed,’
thoughone was chasing another. I ~  i
V The ‘first one gave the newcomer a kick K"
passéad that actually rolled him over ongthe‘ ya?
men . ‘

The next one administered a kick befor
could recover himself. ‘ ‘g
‘ The third one, however, kicked at him,
missed. ~ ' ‘ » y‘. _

The bootblack reached out and caught
other boy by the ragged bottom of hi's.~ti:’
and he fell sprawling on the sidewalk... 

As he was carrying his box by the.
struck the pavement with such -force as ‘t
and blaCl$i1)g,‘,};hQ

  
   
 
    
   
   
   
     
  
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
 
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 The.’ gentleman laughed. He did notsuspect
that awar between the bootblacks was on;
"‘,,»Very.,much to his surprise, his shiner promptly
;g7etiI'r_ii.ed‘to ‘his job and ﬁnished it without saying
:‘ a”‘word; .

‘He paid him his nickel and passed on.

_ lifter that customers seemed scarce, and the
newc'omer_ slung. his box over his shoulder and
strolled -down tothe corner of Broad street and_..
crossed’ over. to the other side.

 It "seemed that all the bootblacws down there
cl. ceased work and were watching him.
«:They,dar,ed‘not make a combined attack on him
Vecause that would attract a crowd, and the
p‘oli¢ewould pull them in. So they began a sort
of bushwhacking ﬁght on him. .
" -Fret, soon e picked up another customer,
andha hardly got down to work before a boot-
bl  , came running” by at full speed.
Tt ﬁes" suchja common thing to see bootblacks
s1,ing?7a. customer that it attracted no attention.
 S ;he,whizzed past the bootblack at work the
>§ai£t‘er'thrust out his foot, and the runn_er’s shin
 in”,c_,o2ntact with it, and his entire body
collilledwith the pavement. _ . _

l boy picked h’mself up and went limping

 

George!” exclaimed the customer. “That
, goft ajhard fall.”
'f(,_es, ‘sir. They often get_such falls, for they
ﬂ9n"t"look where they are going. Just keep your
43'’ fpeeled now and you’ll see another one come
ug,:'gnd‘get a fall.”
‘less, than twenty seconds another one came
Wh zzingib ,,and the man watched him. _
 He’ saw him kick at the one who was blackmg
 shoes, butthe latter dodged and escaped un-
ﬁlmhedé y u .
‘/“Why, loc-k_here, that boy kicked at you and
jtiggt barely missed you.”

“Yes, sir. They are trying to run me off the
I'm a newcomer down here, and they

 

Street.

The gentleman was interested, and pretty soon
 saw another one come running at full speed,
3'8 though chasing a customer somewhere beyond.
_ pésbootblack rose on his hands and feet and
‘ﬁaeked out as quickly as a ﬂash of lightning into
£h:é...,§center' of the sidewalk, and his assailant
_ llided with him and landed on his head on the
Sténé pavement. ’
‘He lay thee dazed for a few seconds. Then he
 himself ‘up and went; staggering away.
The bootblack immedaitely returned to his work
asthoiigh nothing unusual had happened.
‘ Say,‘ you hurt that boy,” said the gentleman.
“Well, he was trying to hurt me. That has
elaap“ ‘ened several times this morning.”
, %7ell, go slow with your work. I wa'nt to see
,’re“of‘ it.” p ~
“Alligight, sir,” and the boy poured a little
we er into his box of blacking from a small bot-
-tle" and got enough of the inky stuff on his brush
Vt’ supply a olish for half a dozen pairs of shoes.
 nanot er bootblack came ﬂying along, and
in'shin_er backed out on the sidewalk, and
ollision followed. ' ‘ - ‘
 the runner picked himself up one-half
1 " 'fﬂ.€é,.Was covered with blacking.
‘  ,g-entleniaiif laughed heartily and handed

..

   

 i  rsiiiihixiiii Foams. ‘WEEKLY A 

. and it stung him like a hornet, but the worker“ '-

   

thenboy a silver‘ quarter for entertaining "him 
we . ~ ~
The bootblack thanked him, removing his cap‘
and making a. polite bow.  -‘j '7‘
The gentleman went across the street —and* «fr,
stopped a couple of friends and told them that 
they could have a little amusement if they would
stand there for a while and watch the bootblack. ,
he had left on /the other side of the street. "
They were two well-known brokers. V ., '
They saw the boy catch_ another customer, and
when he was at work another bootblack, con’-_
siderably larger than he, came running‘alo'ng'
and a curious mix-up followed. ~ 5
Both of them rolled over on the pavement like
a couple of cats, while the customer stood there
with his foot on the box, looking down at them '
in the. greatest astonishment; but they separated _‘
instantly. V
The assailant ran along with his rightihancl;
rubbing his hip, as though a coal‘ of ﬁre had sur-‘
denly gotten inside his trousers. '
The other fellow had jabbed a pin into him‘,

  

I

     
   
    
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
   

 

resumed his job without even looking around. 1»
"‘What does it all mean?” one of the brokers
across the street inquired. ,
“Why, they are trying to run that boy off the
Street,” the other explained. “He is a newcomer, .
and they say no newcomers are admitted.” 1 j
“Oh, that's it, eh? He is trying to hold liis
own." .
“Well, he is doing so,” remarked the third one.‘
, “Yes,” said the ﬁrst speaker, ‘.‘but the question
is, can he hold out? He seems to have capital
enough at present.” , i V 
The brokers noticed that the bootblacks were»
keeping their eyes on the newcomer, as well as
on the policeman, who was strolling up and down,-'
his beat, and they stood theer watching it with
no little interest. _ '’
Finally two other brokers came along, and they-_
stopped .them and told them what they were -_'.'._
watching. So there were ﬁve of them in a group.‘
A few minutes later they numbered seven.
That .was. no uncommon gathering on Wall‘
Street, for numbers of brokers often met and
consulted on the pavement. . 1' :_ . .
There was a class in Broad street known as
curbstone brokers. The policeman never inte,r-V
fered with them, but Wall and Broad streets. were
the only thoroughfares in the city.where ‘people
were permitted to congregate that way. 3»

They saw the bootblack catch another customer,
and again the ﬂying shiners beganvmakin/g their.
runs, but nearly every one was tripped’ by the
ingenuous newcomer, : . “

_Twice they saw him roll over on the pavement,
with the plucky little fellows who did the run _
ning,. and one of them was heard to give a“yell~
as he felt the sting of a pin. _ .

But as soon as he got upon his feet he re
suircied his run, for to stop and ﬁght meantlar-W”
res. 

In order to keep the newcomer frompleaving,
the place one of the brokers went over to getia‘
shine to help on the war. , ‘V ;—

He asked the bootblack why it was he was *
over so often by the other bootblacks. I ‘

'36-

‘ (To be icontinued),§

 

   5 yiME.;innr; W wmzinyi

‘X 2/‘Fame and Fortune W/eeklyg
NEW YORK, JUNE 24, 1927

 TERMS TO S-UBSCRIBERS

 . single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "Postage Free 8 cents
» One Copy Three Months . . . . . . .. ‘n  I_l()0
' One‘ Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . . .. H _ H 2.00
one Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 4.00

Canada, $4.50: Foreign. 85.00

HOW To SEND MONEY—At our risk send P. 0.

Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances

in any other way are at your risk. We. accept Postage

- Stamps the same as cash. When sending silver wrap

the Loin in a so arate piece or paper to avoid cutting

jme envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
Address letters to

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
140 Cedar Street, New York City.‘

FRED KNIGHT, Pros. and Trans.
 ', BV,.V’_W. VMARR, Vice-Pi-es. and Sec.

 

 

» INTERESTING ARTICLES

L A very simple medium has been for many years
employed in Russia for the preservation of
'/wooden ties and telegraph poles, which is but little
' known i. e., impregnation with brine. It was _ac-
,cident§,11y noted some years ago that the burying
.of 3, few pounds of salt alongside a telegrapli pole
‘ very materially increased its durability. Since
then the method has been systematically prac-
ticed with the aid of brine on the sea _coast. In
large basins on the Siwaschen Bay theties and
‘ poles are allowed to soak for three to« four
, months, during which the wood absorbs about 70
‘ to 100 per cent. of its ‘weight of salt solution.

 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  

 

4

A  ‘ r'n some extraordinary

jﬂéiyili a]?J?1gbl:1.$l¥:i,d;Js1(:a?I:TteS‘lVVigl.lCh puzzled the best
v,;‘Zm,w gardeners in the entire city of London. One
naturalist picked on the grounds cf the Braflford
sewage works 160 species of prei n p an s.
Among‘ these were several Australian urrs, Jim-
‘ son weed prickly poppies from Mexico, other na-
1;' e to Ecru Siberia and the Azores‘. All were

oltya prickly nature. Investigation proved that the
' dust from wool combing establishments was being
used as fertilizer, and the washings of wool were
‘ fun, into the sewers. The burrs of these foreign

lants had come in the wool and g1‘°W“t' other
plants had sprung from seed in rags and others
een brought in soil on foreign timber.

 
  

 

‘. ; The. United states blational Museum has in its
historical collection the_ arllﬁlchalr °f Magqulstge
Lafayette in which he 1S said to have sa on _ e
day of his death. The chair IS a recent acquisition,
presented to the museum by the Marquise Arca-
nati Visconti, of Paris, and It was thr°“gh the 11”‘
terest of Professor Franz Curmount; Of Brusse S,
‘that the presentation was brought about. The
chair is in exceilent condition. I_ts frame, of
simple» design, is constructed of plain, unpolished
mahogany pieces ‘about two inches Sql131'e- Whﬂe
1;; is a comparative! low chair, the seat. being
oniy a. little more than twelve inches from the

decoration on the chair.

      
    
     
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
   

ﬂoor, the curved. back stands more. tHah't1LreO;.£9{§
high. The slightly rounded front  
horizontal arms, and at the junction are 
mounted with carved ﬁgures representing ’thq_
heads of sphinxes. These constitute the only
Theseat and backpal
well as the sides under the arms, are upholsteriai —
in green, silk worsted cloth, interwoven witlra
ﬂoral design resembling tulips. After the mars".
quis died in 1834 the chair became the property
of his grandson, Edmond de Lafayette, who %in
turn transmitted it to the donor, Marquise Areas
nati Visconti. - , 

 

. CAME THE DAWN . "E
, One freshman stayed up all night, trying
see the point to one of his professor’s jokes, and
then it dawned on him. Carolina Buccaneer»-is

WHAT! A WOMAN ,DANGERDU$‘.? 
A little woman is a. dangerous thing. ’ ,
. ——Columbit Jeste:

. 0 DRINK ’EM DOWN . . is .
Little J ohnnyn Mother, make brother play hidd
and seek with me. « p ‘
Mother: Why, your brother is too old forasucli
a childish game; he doesn’t play hide and 
anL'€1r;‘l0 rih Th 1‘! (I'd h c ‘  
1 eonny: enwyi euever .
under the table last night? P 7 5

—«—-Virginia nan:

‘ * SAYS WHICH? _»
Governess: Here is a nice book from whit‘
shall read to you. \ V 
Little Girl: All right read it, I’m goin tirsleépi
' . ‘» —-Ol Maid.

IS THERE A MORAL HERE?’ i
Rome wasn’t built in a day, but it was-bumed
down in one night. —Louisville 

“SILVER THREADS” FOR $3 7 _ A _

Eben E. Rexford, author of “Silver Thr _ ’
Among the Gold,” sold the oemto Frank" L ‘ ”
for $3, it was recalled at awrence Gol_le‘ge,r‘
cently. Years later the words were ut bani
d the song swept the Nation. exfordn. _ ,
ghteen then. He died in 1916 at‘Shiocton,e W”

HER BEAU IDEAL "

The beautiful girl in the restaurant leangsﬁ
back languidly. It had been a wonderfuldinn
In the soft_glow of the shielded lights,-shes‘ j
eaten the meal of meals. And he liad«.b_c,eii
attentive yet so unobstructive. He had carerum
ordered for her, and had said never anunne " ‘
sary word, or-made a gesture to spoil th'a}s
She felt she could love a man like him. _ - '

Now he was drawing nearer. The bosom 41$
his dress shirt gleamed ‘brightly. His Tuxedo.
ﬁtted him like a glove. His tie was’ immacula
He bent over her caressingly. What» 
saying . . . ? .

“Here is your check, madam: do you
anvthine else?” A  ' . -_——Colga§e«.~

 

 

 ..:

   
  
    
   
  
   
 
   
    
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  

‘_Some years ago I used to run the engine of the
‘lightning express” from Burnham to Cannon-

e...’
‘-I“léft the former town at 12:17 at night.

,.2

o
§
3
N
3‘
'.<

‘f'i'1‘his trip, up and back, made my day's work;
undit. was enough _for any man to do, though the
,-f§1_rri‘ous speed of this express condensed my actual
it I {in the cab to about four hours. I would
igmther have lived.a_ little slower, and been em-
ployed more hours in the day.
51 had time enough to sleep in the round-house
g'_t_'~‘Cannondale, butblfusedl to taktel a threi;-hours’
a ,ev'.ery evening e ore starte on my rip.
iﬁurnlam was the location. of the State ‘PIISOII.
....My wife had lots of friends, and_when any of
ém‘<:jame' to see_us, as they often did, they want-
'd‘to‘visit the prison. ‘

es.-.-'
<a‘l',waysr hadjto go With them on these tours of
W Igwasjwell acquainted with several officers of
the ‘institution,* and, after_ a _few months, ‘I knew
£lfie.:‘principal*rogues and-villains by sight. _ _
Among these was a man whom I shall call Pill-
gr ' ,- though that was not exactly his name.
‘if: had a fearfully bad record as a rogue, and
*'£a’d9's_pent nearly half of his lifetime in rison.
He‘-had been a burglar and bank rob
waszso intelligent and skilful as to be a very dan-
ﬁerogsjellow. "
as had been sentenced to six months before I

J51‘!  doubt the prospect before him was ex-
‘_ ingly dark and desolate. _

Pillgreen was a very good-looking man, nearly
"qui1the‘fortd3; years ofkagek If Id
-  e or ‘nary. wa s o i e no one wou _
_ Vegsuspected that Pillgreen was anything but
‘iggdrman and aguseful citizen.

,_ isfaceriwas a. pleasant one, and I was rather
n estediin him._ _
  oﬂicerssaid there was no better prisoner
heainstitution. .
eijwas careful to observe all the_ re ‘lations,
, ,wasdoc1le and tractable in learning is trade.
' irmy return from one of my trips to Can-
ﬁondale, I read in the local papers that Pillgrecn
efscaped from the State Prison.

Hg had been seen and noticed just before the
, sbnerswere marched to their cells for the

‘evident that he had concealed himself in
shops; and" during the night had scaled the
‘ins ‘

was cﬁlrtain ghatfif Pillgi-eliien was not apprﬁi
2: ' ' rie perio is presence wou
J’g"®&_1{§€e~Yi'viiaIi1§e:t§d by the robbery of. some _bank.
1't'o‘r_— thr1eeBdaysh the seaich twas continued in the
' 3 urn am wi ou success.
‘S?-‘vs?.rious parties on the alert for him had
n'n'able~-to obtain even the faintest trace of

 

 

 Annroiiriinn '.wEEI{LiE 

;7"'My~_return trip brought me home at 10:41 the’

all seemedto have a taste for looking at -

r, and '

‘t_'s'aw‘him, to a term of twenty years, and I_

A opposite the station.‘ for his overcoat.

. ‘. , . .s 
I

 

  

It was heavily ballasted, and being an old=tub,_  ’ -‘
it had leaked water enough to sink her, with the
help of what was thrown into her in a squall in
the night. _ 3

On the fourth day after the ﬂight of Pillgreen, ,

a cousin of my wife wanted to visit the prison,’
and I went with her. _ .

While there, I had some talk with one of the
otiicers about the fugitive. '

I found that they felt very sore about the es-- -
cape of their man, for such an event was an im- 
putation upon their ﬁdelity to their duties.

“I am sure he had a confederate in Burnham,”
said Lockwood. the oﬂicer who showed my visitor ‘ '
about the institution. 2 _

—“Have you heard of any suspicious characters
about the place?” I asked. ' ' ‘ '

“No: but these-rascals are cunning enough‘ to
hide their tracks.” ' IV» = ’ 

“Why do you think Pillgreen had afriend in s '
town then?” I continued. . ,

“He has had some help or he would have been  .

- discovered within twelve hours after he got~out,<"» 
‘persisted the officer. “He wore the prison uni- . 
form; and that would have betrayed him. He. 
could not have lived ﬁve days without food." ' , -»  .

The next night was Saturday, six‘ days‘ after ‘‘ 
the escape of Pillgreen. A . 

At midnight, I had my machine ready to back‘  "
_un'to the‘ train as soon as the other engine should‘. ' i
switch oﬂ’ from the main track. ;

While I was waiting, a man by the .name'of 2 "
Howth, whose‘ acquaintance I had made within a _
week, jumped into the cab, and asked me if ‘he , ~
might ride on the V engine as far as Ucayga .."
Bridge. I .

Howth had come to Burnham on Monday, when _ V
an uncle of my own had spent the day with‘ me},  I,

In the afternoon we had gone to the prison, ., J.
and Howth, who had come up in the train with’;
my uncle, went with us.

He was a man of good a pearance, and I con- - , _.
cluded that he was an old riend of my relatives < _

At any rate, he spoke of Uncle John as though -
he had known him all his life. - . .

“The train don’t stop at Ucayga Bridge,” I re- s - ;
plied, in answer to his request. » 4 o - ‘  .

“It don’t make any difference where you sto ; q;,»..
for I only want to ride on a locomotive in ‘e1 f .
night,” he added. . ‘ ' 

“We slow down at the bridge, but we don’t sto 
till we get to Venega, ﬁfteen miles furtlier,”

“continued. . ' . 

“Perhaps I can jump off at the bridge when you 
slow down; if not, I will go on to Venega,” said ‘
he, evidently taking the permission for granted. 3
“I was speaking to your Uncle John about riding,
on a locomotive; and he told me you would give 1»

 
 

 

   
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

me a chance to do so.”

“As a rule no one is allowed to ri_de on the en
gine but the engineer and the ﬁreman“ But I,
should be glad to do anything I can to oblige my;
Uncle John.” ‘ ‘ I " ‘

“I will not speak to you on the way, or do any-,
thing to disturb you,” he protested. . '  '

I consented to allow him to ride with me, and ;,
I have met others who had the same curiosity‘ to '
ride on a locomotive. ‘

The night was chilly, though it was in the early,
autumn-, and he ran over to the hotel, whichwasj-'

'  -: . : v:

 .»While he ‘was gone/the s"ligh'tning'/ express’? _’ .

hnndered down the road to the stopping~’place'.
{No stay was allowed beyond what was neces-
sary to shift the engines, and I began to think

‘my locomotive passenger would be too late.

" ',. But just as the tender was sha’ck1'€_3d to the bag‘
~lgage—car of the train he ‘presented himself, closely
;w1-apped up in a long overcoat.

Howth leaped lightly upon the engine and took
his station on the footboard behind me.

 ,- ‘He did not speak to me, or I to him.

i I never talk to anyone on the machine, for by

"lceeping:,my mind wholly on my business, I— have

escaped all accidents so far which can be charged
to me. '

Cg-All went well till the train approached Ucayga
Bridge, where I began to slow

down.

i This was a precaution against accident, for a

steamer left the landing early‘in the morning

which was loaded during the night, and freight-

gars were sometimes left where they shouldnot
e

;‘I'think7 I will get off here,” said Howth.
 His voice was so hoarse that I_came to the -con- _
clusion that he had taken a bad cold during the

n. ’

“I' ’t' t, th t 'n” Ire lied. .

"Y;::ny01S1 3:Ian,”er<$11ied he, iPn~a very decided
‘one. . _
:I explained that it wascontrary to my orders,
and ‘I was already four minutes late_. _

',He was very imperative, and his high tone
Vefsd {f,‘§'bes: reply to this, I pulled out the
hrottle, and the machine began to Jump. _ ,,

I had hardly done so before I wasconscious

“that a pistol was aimed at my head.

_ . , I’ll bl our brains out!" said
 aliiedr iigrseemedotvg ¥ne that his voice had

changed very much, though it was not so hoarse

s itvwas when he spoke: the ﬁrst time.

- _~I.turned to look at him, and Itfound that in-i

tea.d'.of one pistol, he had one in each hand,

.-anointing them at my devoted head.

 7. ated his threat in a more savage tone.
‘éoldlben a moment ti1l~'I get around this bend,”

\ ‘:1 replied.

i t I h d ‘ the throttle but I
all cildlngr so sbgilcirenboth of the dpistols
wellﬁoghsghtalfglireman, had suddenly thrown him-
f.upon'i',he assailant and dragged him down on
‘the footboard. ﬁ d if b —th_ t
_ ’ , y is ac . ,
1- .na.Snwi‘h1§anl;e ino assisting Brooks. for
ovvyth was making‘ a desperate §t“1gg1"~
1 got the pistols away from him, _and then the
, man let-him un. ’
 dig lrlgf SIIDPOSE
nxrgu ,e1‘-  ‘ i i
The tram wgi goyrgng to asharp grade, and
l i u o .
i‘A:t:?J’(I)];l “a:sl3Srooks released h_im:,H0Wth Iealled
I ii the tank of the tender and then upon thetop of

Howth would attempt any-

" ;u?1I:§1.§:£t%;%1:.thrott1e to prevent the train‘

being stopped.
A terrible yell from, H;

a smart” jerk, which 7 was in} Q

It wasa cry of agony, and! jammed,
throttle‘ again. The train was nearly 
before, and the brake on'.the tendervﬁsto ed.
before it had gone ﬁfty feet farther.
Brooks took his lantern, and we*leap‘ed
the foot-board. i ‘  g . ,
Howth was lying on his stomach .on.._t ev
catcher, holding on with both hands, while’h'
were dragging on the ground between ‘the
Both his legs were broken and bent ‘back
Taking the lantern from Brooks, 'I looked
man in the face. ,' ‘ i‘ ' ’
It was not Howth. ’ g
It was Pllgreen. . * 
We put him on the train, and car ,
Cannondale. ’ , 
The surgeons there attended to his
was conveyed back to Burnham on —
the morning. ~ “ L l r
He was returned to the State Prison
It was six months before ,he'.w'a‘s.ab ,
again, and no doubt he will stay out the
of his long term. » - ’ f’ » :
Of course, Howth, or whatever hisha
have been. W s his confederate. , » '
He preten ed to be the agent of a
company. H — ' ,
He concealed Pillgreen in the,.1T<lte till
search was relaxed in the vicinity o it
and then resorted to the scheme indi

, story to get him away. i

No doubt the fugitive intendedrto‘
morning boat from Ucayga Bridge
of the lake, andthere take ,the,t‘rain;for
York. d v  T‘
‘ Howth was caught and sent to ioin. la
in the prison. A l l " . *  r
Thereward and the extra. rows.

‘to me, and I shared them equallyiwith-. eo

was. soon after promoted to the position
engineer, for his pluck broughthimft to

' tion of the master mechanic as on

skillful man, and not afraid even '0
Locomotive.  3

SPECIAL ROPES USEDSFQR CL
The ropes used by Alpine climbers '

manufacture. combining as far as‘ pos

fering qualities of strength, -ﬂexibilit

Three qualities are in generaluse

made from Sisal, Italian and Manltaili’
spectively. and occasionally, whencost.
consideration, of silk. The latter;~;-f,
light and strong, is not so durableas 1211
That which ﬁnds most favor amon,9;,B[
taiiieers is known as Buckingham’s.

it is made of the best Manila heni

1864, Mr. Leish recalls, a commit

pine Club made tests upon a numb ,.
suitable for mountaineering. Of the cw
were approved one was made of Italian h‘
the other of. Manila. They both had
strain of two tons and sustained tli ' weigh _
twelve stone man after falling from ”' mg

, ten feet. Non-mountaineers havﬂe.
sidered this irisufﬁcient, but it'is'
,, atical whether the human anatom
the 'sudden_,com1oressio ' '

any grea 1' fall.

   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
   

 acre of 12-inch iceiusually will provide a
liarvest of 1,000 tons. ’

fl‘ :i"Slfenezuela- has nearly 5,000 miles of telegraph
jlihes, with nearly 200 offices.

,'i,Ne'ar1'y 200,000,000 residents of India are de-
-_ Bendent upon /agriculture for their living, says the
 iicago Tribune.

v The Rev. James-Cameron Lees, at the age of
Lseventy-nine, last. year walked 1,654 miles, and
while. minister at St. Giles’s, Edinburgh, walked
.'ai.d1.jstance-greater than the circumference of the
“g o e. -

, The pee le of the United States use more coffee
per indivi ual than those of any other country eit-
~ cent the Netherlands, and is the fourth in rank in
“tlie consumption of tea in proportion to the popu-
lation. _ 1 .

“Dr. Walter O. Snelling, consulting chemist of
Bureau of ,Mines-and of the Panama Canal
Commission, now doing laboratory work in Wash-
“Ington, has developed a liquid gas of which a lit-
tle steel bottle will carry enou h to light a house

or a month. Snelling puts 2, 00 feet of gas into
‘8_-‘steel container four feet high and six inches in

.fdia.meter. A
A “NEW IDEA IN TAILORS’ DUMMIES

Wax"-l‘Sh‘eiks” with insipid featuresand grace-
, ostures are giving way in tailors’ windows of
_ s to ﬁgures representing real personages.
 One shopdisplays its spring offerings on a ﬁg-
rjire obviously rtraying President Doumergue.
N;o’t«1fai" awa bbulevardiers and Mayol, star of
the Revues, one in wax, singing a song and set-
--tin hi?‘ the latest in evening clothes.

“*0 ome of the new dummies are far from hand-
tsoriie, portraying as they do, tall, short, ‘chin, fat
and sometimes bald men.

~P‘O'LICE T0 TEACH PEDESTRIANS TRAF-
'. . FIC ORDINANCES IN PARIS

Pedestrian Day” is shortly to be staged by the
‘ lice to give jay-wallcers a postgraduate educa-

1% , . . . .
I Every law and every ordinance is to be strictly
in orced, by traﬁic officers and, every violation

 of their guilt, but arrested only in ex-
’ ‘emecases. l

r a

..aity‘traific commission has agreed, after a recent
nirvey of the streets and inspection of police
‘ ecords, but further improvement is considered
possible.

.Persians consider that tears shed at funerals
etﬁect "great cures. If you attend a Persian fu-
’ lfthey hand you at the door, a small, ﬁne
' . ages .By means of these sponges all the mourn-
g1§s$'t’earsl,are collected and preserved in tiny vases
' 1 sta .
xgor they are thought to have wonderful heal-

"_ ’ era. During the. service each mourner

ITEMS or INTEREST,

 ‘be’ noted. Offenders probably will be in- -

Pedestrians, generally, are “fairly good,” the

They are used afterward as medi- _

  

keeps his sponge ready, and -every_tear that ‘wells ‘ 
into his eye is sopped up before it has a chance

to escape. The undertaker tiptoes politely about
and extends tentatively the crystal_ vase, and
those who have anything to add to its_ contents
squeede their sponges solemnly therein. ‘Then, i
with a bow ‘of acknowledgment, the undertaker
tip.toes on his way extending the vase politely 
now to the right ‘and to the left, murmuring in his ’ ‘
gentle and soothing voice: “Have you shed, sir?”
“Madam, have you shed?” gt

Old-time bandits were much more attractive ‘ '
than those of to-day. There is nothing chivalrous, '~
about the‘ automobile robbers of America and \
France, as there was about such men as Car- 
touche. Here IS an anecdote of which Cartouche ;
was the hero: ne evening he was crossing the A '
Pont Neuf in Paris when:he saw a poor wretch .
about to leap over the parapet into the Seine. The .
brigand stopped him and asked why he wanted to I
bid adieu to life. The wouId—be suicide informed 
him that he was on the point of bankruptcy, and . 4.,
that he preferred facing death to‘ facing his credi- 17
tors. Cartouche was touched, and told the man to,
call his creditors together on the morrow and the .
should be paid in full. 

 
  

The creditors assembl
Cartouche went over their accounts, paid them all,
and said good-by to his grateful beneﬁciary. It
is almost needless to’ add that when the creditors 2
left, Cartouche relieved them of all he had given.” 

. PLANE RUSHES BABY FOOD A, 
Modern transportation methods came to the as-
sistance of Mrs. William Johnston of Detroit, now
visiting her mother, Mrs. S. A. Glover, When,a
special brand of food required for her baby could A
not be obtained in London. . - :
Mrs. ‘Johnston telegraphed her husband that 
baby food supply was exhausted and that it was’
not on sale in" London. He wired back that he».
would rush a supply. » l
A short time later an aviator presented hiiriself“
at the Glover home with three packages he had’ ;
carried by airplane from the border. iHe‘ landed}
at Carlings Heights and persuaded a nearby mo-..~
torist to drive him without delay to Mrs. John-If
ston.  ' i,
The baby's diet was not disturbed,

CONTINENT CROSSED BY AUTO IN
' 79H. 55M. * 53

Lou B. Miller of San Francisco, known veteran; ‘
of twenty—four speedy trans-continental trips
drove into Jersey City at 9.55 recently, daylight‘
saving time, in a dust‘-covered touring,'car,_tor*
hang up a new non—stop record of seventy-nine‘?
hours, ﬁfty-ﬁve minutes from San Francisco to.
New York. ' i 

The previous record, established by Miller last, “<9
August, was 83 hours 11 minutes. ‘The distance. 
was 3,385 miles. ' ‘ V ‘

His time to New York beat the fastest railroad
time by eight hours. 1 . 

The trip is’ being_backed by the Sl'.0Ve1‘.Sig‘,"n L
Engineering of Racine, Wis., to demonstrate f 
efficiency of a new type of headlight. ‘Miller; 0
traveling in a Ghrysler Imperial Sotouring ca

  
       

 

 

     
  
     
      
    

 

~.TAKE'CHAJNS unrn YOU ON EARLY
I SPRING TOURS

, Take along chains on your early 5935011 l’-01”‘
‘ ing. This is the advice of the safety bureau of
‘the National Automobile club. A trip Whlch may
start in fair weather sometimes encounters ram
1 or snow or muddy roads, and it is better to be
7 within the bounds of safety than to encounter
difficulties through lack of proper preparation.

. RR < NGH GIRLS PREFER TRADES OF SEMI-

, E ' DOMESTIC TRAINING
' French girls prefer dressmaking, millinery and
» simi1a,r"‘Women’s, work” to the “dressed-up’_’ jobs
~ 01;‘. stenographer andsaleswoman.

A third of the Paris girls graduated from trade
schools are dressmakers and only one in twenty-
five seek training as a stenographer or secretary.

Girlscutnumber the boys two to cnein these
schools, which graduate approximately 1,000 well
trained young persons each year.

TAXI DRIVER WITH ONE ARM _.
‘Victor Coubard, crippled French war veteran,
though he lost his left arm at Verdun, has since
driven a taxi 500,000 miles through the streets of
gpaﬁs without causing a single accident of any
kind. With extraordinary dexterity. he manages
to make his remaining arm do the work of two.
"His car running at full speed,‘ Coubard lets go
of the steering wheel for a fraction of a second so
aéto enable his only hand to blow the born at
street crossings or to apply the emergency brakes.
I according to circumstances.

  
   

   
  
 
  
 

    

 
  
 

 MORE HOME BUYERS IN LAST TEN
“ 'YEAR

H R . S -

:"‘While only 28 out of every 100 families in the
“United States own their homes the proportion is
K’ encouraging as more than ﬁfty per cent.» of the
present total of home owners became such during
the past’ ten years. Senator Fess, Of 01110. 15
authority for the statement that houses owned by
cur laborers number two and one_-h_alf times the
total of all homes owned in the British Empire.

v‘ Demand for the farm land in the east end and

  

  

 

/V his SUBMARINE TOUR REVEALS
W0 EARTH’S SECRETS
The exploits of Jules Verne’s voyager under
thesea have been emulated by a young savant of
Holland, Dr. Veninz Meineszf ‘{Vh0 has 1'e°e“t1Y
returned from a circumnavigatiin of the globe
in a submarine, during which he made many V31-
e,_b/lescientiﬁc observations of the earth 5 c_I‘11St-
At certain places, he rep0r’tS..0bJeCtS Weighed
more than at others. These differences, which
lerepactiial though so slight as to be measured
‘ only the most .delicate.1nstz_‘uments, are be-
v‘e'd"-»to be due to variations in the density Of

  

 
    
     
    

     
 

i V .. _ I  Aiiii...rfo‘ii?rii5NE_iyEEK1.iro.
 .TlM»E.L‘-Y TOPICS\"

 

such things as leaky radiators, spatteredrwater,

,the Board of Estimate by directors of the ‘

. serious consideration by municipal aiithorit

"rocks" composing the crust of the globe. So’

  
  

delicate are the instruments used in such meas-
uring that the motion of a vessel on the surface
of the sea interferes with their proper function-_
ing, out in the submarine Dr. Meinesz obtai
entirely satisfactory results. ‘ _- .

APPROPRIATE COLORS IN EACH R00,
ADD TO BEAUTY OF HOME 

A modern home is not modern" unless it’sZﬁ1.Ied
with color. Living rooms must have their —wa.r‘m,
sunny hues; bedchambers in cool 1-efreshing’-tones.‘
Even kitchen and baths are no longer done allin
white; they must have color, too. - ~ . s   - '
« That mistaken notion that white alone is*s‘a
tary is fast disappearing. So long as th'e‘sur;l:'aoe
is waterproof and will stand washing witlrsoa 1
and water, it answers all requirements on’ 
score of sanitation. But the wise purcha”ser{'of._‘
home makes sure that trim, ﬂoors and othergsndf
faces which need frequent washings are Sl:r.'ictl*y
waterproof. Otherwise they are hard tozlceegi
clean without injury and are marred easily

  

      
  

      
  

   
   

  
  
 
      
 
        
    
  

     

or liquids spilled through accident.  _

The one way to make sure of satisfaction“ 21
this score is to insist that only ﬁnisheswhich ha I‘
a national reputation for. waterproof qualities
and durability be employed--there are‘ varnfs"
finishes (the term includes high grade yenaméls
and varnish stains) which are not injuredge V
by boiling water, strong soap or acid spilled. ’
a storage battery. , ‘ ‘

  
      
   
    
  

  
  
  
      
      
   
   
     

K‘ ..

ART SOCIETY FOR 60-FOOT STANDARDQTQ
RESTRICT HEIGHT OF SKYSCRAPERS 7
Drastic limitation of the height of building
suggested in a series of recommendations; ”

aﬁ

c_ipal ‘Art Society of New York.’ Recomnien
tions by the society have, in the past, been

- v

 
 

  
 
    
   

The society would limit the height ofﬁ
buildings to sixty feet, with the. ptovision _
they may rise to any height if adjacent sp; is
left. which, if built to the standard height, would
equal the additional cubic space occupied by'tl=i-iii:
part of the building which extends abov ‘t
standard height. .. ‘ 

A retail business use territory would be
lished. This would differ from the present.
ness use territory by a limitation of “5 per?‘
ﬂoor area for manufacturing instead of'2,
cen . ' » ‘

Unrestricted territory would be chah
business territory wherever possible. “ "

Business territory would be changed to
business or residence territory wherever 'p‘o‘ss'i

Court area space would be increased. '  ,

More adequate parking and delivery 
would be provided on adjacent property orzgh " ’
all buildings, the location and use ofw, fc
liable to create special street congestion as; ‘ 4
sult of trucking or passenger traffic and parléi ‘g,

The recommendations were made as a.res'u1t‘~ —’
astudy made by a committee composed of
venor Atterbury, Walter D. Blair, HenI1:“y" '

   
     
 
        
        
     
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
 

  



  

  
   

   

ran. Samuel H. Ordway, Jr., Daniel _’ ,_
Charles W. Stoughton and .Richard 

   

   
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  

1 — Latest

1036“ Under at Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made
,1 a Million in Wall Street.
71687 Jack's Fortune; or, The Strangest Legacy in
 1 the World.
.1988 Taking Chances; or, Playing for Big Stakes.
1089 Lost in the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
5 " Turtle Key. '
Ten Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who broke
; V =t-he Wall Street Syndicate.
1091 "Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name
f. 1 ~. For" Himself. « ‘
1992 Fox & Day, Brokers; or The Young Money
  Makers of Wall Street. 1
‘1o’93J The Little Wizard; or, The Success of a
A‘_ ~ Young Inventor.
3.094 A Young Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
. I ' Fortune.

 5. Banker Barry's Boy; or, Gathering the D01-
‘ - lars in Wall Street.

In the Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast-
‘ aways of the Mystic Isle.

'97 Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds; or, The

 
 

 

1690}

135196

_ _ Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

098 After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky

’ ' » Young Wall Street Broker. ,
Lucky Lad; or, The Boy Who Made a.

_ Railroad Pay.

4.100» Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the

 =~ ’Wall Street Money Market. .

99%

"1102; Broker Dexterfs New Boy; or, A Young In-
1 _ ‘ ‘ nocent in Wall Street.

1103 From Mill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy
_.  -; j . Who Became a Steel Magnate.

fl

 

4' Three Grand "Speculators; or, The Wall
1 Street Boys’ Syndicate.

305‘ AlStroke of Luck; or, The Boy Who Made
 Money in Oil.

Little Hal, the Boy Trader; or, Picking Lip
 Money in’Wal1 Street. 1
L107 Onthe Gold Coast; or, The Treasure of the
’ K ,- Stranded Ship. 1
308 'Lure‘d by the Market; or, A Boy’s Big Deal
’ " in Wall Street.

‘09 Trading Tom; or, The Boy Who Bought
Everything.

_11,§<s

 sale by ail newsdealers, or will be sent to any
mgeygor 1305 age s amps.

. W Aiﬁtreletil

 Fame  and 1   ..~.......  weekly  o 

:l.1('l1V"Di1$k, the Boy Lawyer; or, Winning a. Big_
/‘ ee. '

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  

Issues —

1110 Fe.;;"01";/Ilia llirysflfvelgttune; or, The Youngest 

1111 Jack J asper’s Venture; or, A. Canal Route to’
‘Fortune. .

“*2 “$32.2ii..%i°g:i;.:h.Eiai“g the mid .

“13 Avisrai   The  we

1114 R%‘%’*ivR.?f"§£§§i‘.°*‘  A Sm“ M M‘

1115 A 1§'Ji::s1tt:i.a}w;a('g:;s1dI:‘ortune; or, The Hunt for all
11I6 The Littll M M k ; , Th 1 

Street Baoy Wlfaysavtdethe ﬁarke1?.__ wall;
1117 Rough and Ready Dick; or,_A Young Ex.

press Agent's Luck.
1118 Tipped Oﬁ by Telegraph; or, Shaking Up 3.»
/ '  .

the Wall Street “Bears.”

1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Rise of a ran...
’ Mason.

1120 Marty, the Messenger; ' C tu ‘ ‘
in Wall Street. or’ ‘D m‘ 

1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The Careervofl
Boy Merchant.

1122 Digging Up Dollars; or,
Young "Bull” Operator. 1 V

1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried Treasun
of the Incas. ~ . t 1

1124 Thver o(I)l1cL1B‘17“<I)la«t:1e1r’§t13‘Eg:.‘i:r; or, The Boy 

1125 From Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy Who.
§ Made Money In Land. I ' ‘
1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 From
a Dime.  1 _ I, _
1127 The Boy Railroad Magnate; or, Thé~:cg.'m
tract That Brought a Million.  . x
1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or,» Hus-.
‘ tling for Gold in Wall Street. ' '
1129 Caught By Cannibals; or The Treasure of
the Land of Fire. . . '
1130 The Little Operator; or,— Cornering 
, “Bears” of Wall Street. ' "
1131 Air Line Ed; or Building a. Telegraph Lino".
.1132 A Boy of the Curb; or, The Secretﬁfr"
Treasury Note. ,.

The Nerve of '_:i

TWESSTBURY ;PUBLlSHlNG co., hie.

     
   

1133 From Foundry Boy to Steel ﬂing; or; 
Rise of a Young Bridge Builder. M , ‘

‘M .

address on receipt ‘of price, cents /per copy,1ii3i

 

