             

. ..r..£.mu.uonJnﬁ#w..tM.. nwmmnuw fa.

.\ A M» 1 1' .\ mu . :1, 7V u, .311» um 41 »

1907.

J L,‘

1.'/::,_
k[;1.'.':n‘.l' .1» '.5s.’.vz-.1'—'m".1 .3  //nlv .3’. 2'.
UARY Z6

: ./yr ,e../r

...-$7. . l . ... . ,._
w...m%.w”  ‘ V

l....II.l U. atnitnnﬂﬁmmwmuum/uwﬂmummwuﬁ

ive Cents
ick Carter

Price, F
ers that N
irectly at them.

d

intmg

9
ing into the muzzle of two revolv
front of him. and po

NEW YORK, JAN
found themselves look
was holding at arm's length in

 

At that instant they

    

IR’! IEWU ‘

@AEI° j

l}§][l@l}iI
W 3

$1343 LY

 

lured Wadi}. 37 -W5-4't‘r’1l¢fI'0n 4‘!-Jotefyaar. Entered as Second-clan Matter at Ike N. Y. Part Oﬁce. by STREET & SMITH. 7:;-so .S‘eueullr Awnu.

N. Y. Entered acwrding to Ad of Cbagres: in the year low.

in the Oﬁice of Me Lsﬁrarian 0/ Congress, H"a.¢/r1'I1,4’!nn, D. C.

_. No. 526. NEW YORK, January 26, I907. Priu Fin Cam,
 , 1/d’.-ft , /«’.'  V '

ffwgla Q , _‘.‘f?'~,- x“.’y' ‘,1. '/1 3’? ‘3, / ,

OR.

NICK CARTER’S STRONG.-HAND PLAY.

  

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

 

  

CHAHIER 1.

THE BODY IN THE CHAIR.

    
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
 

Nick Carter was crossing Madison Square in haste,
going toward his home, when he came unexpectedly face
  face with a man he recognized, and he stopped ab-
zruptly. .

‘The man would have avoided the detective, had it been
possible to do so, but it was now too late for that,- so he
-lilo came to a halt, and, standing squarely upon his feet,
 them somewhat wide apart, and having thrust his
 into his pockets, he showed his gleaming white

— in a wolﬁsh smile which changed his otherwise
‘Irnndsotne face into an apparition of menace and danger.
So,”'said the detectitie curtly; “you are in New York,
 plym, Juan Santillos ?" A -I '
' L inﬁor. I am in New York. The city is a large
'i  Ijhaveonly just arrived. It.is somewhat strange
I‘ encounter you almost at the moment of my

‘iv, - . ,,,.. .

  

’ .

  ’ . .  7
  his ahouidegs and.re

‘.‘ 5».

   

plied; A‘

“If I believed that your reply stated your only reason
for being here," said the detective, "I should offer no
objection to your presence. But as I do not believe you.
I will suggest that you can get a train out of town at -
almost any hour of the day. I would also advise you
to take one of them with the least possible delay.”

“Am I to construe your remark as a threat, Mr. Car-
ter P” asked the Spaniard, with ahother of his cruel smiles.

“You need not take the trouble to construe it at all.”
repliedthe detective coldly. “I will make you a plain
statement that can have but one construction: If you“
remain in New York long enough for me to encounter ' I
you again, I shall cause your arrest. The State of Mom -‘ _
tana wants you, and you will have short shift if they get ’ 
their hands on you out there.” _

The detective started to move on, but the Spaniard :
made a deprecating gesture.

“One moment, Carter. if you please.”

“Well?” said N iek, halting a second time.

"I would like to remain here three days." p

The detective shrugged his shoulders and made. 110..

 

 
    
   
   
    

  

 
   
  

      

2' V
“W'i1l you allow me three days?” insisted the man.
. “No;nor three hours. I don’t. want you in New York.
If you remain here, I shall arrest you and take you to
‘ Montana.”
A “Ypu are very hard, Carter.”

Nick looked at his watch.

“It will take me ten minutes to get from here to my‘
house,” he said. “I will wait ﬁfty minutes after I arrive
there. At‘ that time——-one hour from now—-I shall tele-
 phone to police headquarters, and you will be placed
‘ , under arrest as soon as found after that.”

.“B,ut_______n

' The detective turned on his heel and strode away;
. and the Spaniard, after watching his departing ﬁgure for
 a moment, shrugged and smiled again, and then, with a

deprecatory gesture of his hands, continued on his own
-'  way across thepark toward the Fifth Avenue Hotel.

 "J" “Chick,” said the. detective, as soon as he entered the

house and passed on to his study, “I just met Loco Juan
l;Santillos in Madison Square.”
f‘You did, eh ?” g
 .i“Yes, I ordered him to leave town at once—but I
haven't the least idea that he will go.”‘

_t;,_;‘Pmbably not. He isn’t the sort that is very easily
' given. about at the will of another, and whatever his
 -5’sI_i|drtconrings are, fear isn’t one of them; eh ?”

I ."”f‘Ni). He isn’t afraid of anything.”

/_ “_I don't suppose you asked him how long he had been
v_ there’, Nick ?” V ‘

 9 1'*“No; and he would not have told me if I had done so.
 id‘ that he had only just arrived; but he lied about
4  dopbtjrﬂ K “V
  ii! apity that Richard Glenn wol1ldn’t,.permit him
‘  prosecuted for that aﬁair of his. The fellow hates
Gloria, and he is as dangerous as a venomous snake. It
‘ certain,’ also, that he is here for no good purpose.
._ . his Patsy ?” .
“Out'on'tl1e''Maxwelloase.’’ .

¢gd_ Ten-Ichi?” .

 the same case. They are both anchored to’ it for

. ':«I' thiﬁk'” . .

 I parted‘ with Santillos, he went directly to the
rfthi Avenue Hotel. It’-is more than likely that he is
:$oppingth¢re,m,atleast,ﬂ1athehad'ana
Q-meetlsomebody there.
* there, Chick.” _
' right. Any particular orders?”.

;,on!}' ifyau do'ﬁ_nd Santillos. ‘keep an eye on

I ,

 

  

   
 
 
   
  
  
      
   
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
     
 
  
   
 
    
     
 
   

ii

 

Put on your hat and stroll

Ligtlointentaonofdoingoo.

r‘ , '

 
    
   

ppointmcnt:

‘iiéileaves town. chat least, until we know, that ‘

 g" He qwalq.n-at. howevernprepared to face the swiftfcon-.
_ *Santil1os¢ vengeance. J .  ' *1‘

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY... O

a verbal message which he had been instructed to de-
liver in person.

Descending to the reception-room, the detective found
the valet of Richard Glenn awaiting him.

“My master sent me,” said the man, “to tell you that
a most unfortunate thing has occurred, and that he would
appreciate it if you would go around to see him at once.
If I may add a word to the message, sir, I would urge i
you to do so, for I have never seen the master so broken
up as he was when I. left him.” .

“Indeed! Do you know what has happened, Paul?”

“No, sir. I have no idea at all. _I had been out on
some business for him. I returned at two o’clock, and
went at once to his room, where he sits all the time, as
you know." ‘

“Yes. Go on.” _

“Being a cripple and unable to walk about, as you
know, he always keeps piles of books--—”

“Yes, yes. I know all that. What happened?” ,

“His books were scattered about the room exactly as
if he had been playing ball with the lot; or as if he had
been amusing himself by throwing them at somebody's
head.”

“I see. And that is doubtless what had happened. He
had had /a caller?” I

"I didn’t wait to find out. He sent me off for you
post-haste, and I ran out of the house and came here as
quickly! as I could. Will you come?”

“Yesk Hasten back and say to him that I will be
there at once. I shall make a few alterations in my ap-
pearance, Paul, so do not be surprised if you do not
know me at once.” ,

The detective returned to his own room and swiftly
made .changes in his appearance, so that when, ﬁfteen
minutes later, he descended the front steps, he seemed
to be merely a middle-aged gentleman of prosperous con-
dition who Iooked as if he might be a banker, or a lawer,
or a merchant. ,

Under ordinary circumstances it would not have oc-
curred to him to adopt a disguise for making such a call
as this one, but his encounter with Juan Santillos had ‘
warned him that undoubtedly Richard Glenn, and also
his daughter, Carmen, were in immediate danger.

Juan Santillos, the Mexican—Spaniard, hated one and
loved the‘ other, in his own wolﬁsh way, and‘Nick had
no doubt that his'presence in the city was a menace to .
l>.<>th- : ‘ ..
In what manner the two passions, hate and love, would " ‘
manifest themselves, Nick did not in the least know; but V "_,
that Santillos wo‘uld do his utmost toinjure the fairer! 
and to destroy the daughter; if he could not win her, 
cﬂtective had no‘ doubt. . . ' 1 e ' I

5.‘ \

   
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
 
    
 
   
   
 
  
  
    
   
     
    
     
    
     
       
    
       
  

The house where Richard Glenn lived with his daugh-
ter, and where he passed his entire life among his books
at a_ window where the sun could shine in upon him, was
located’ in one of the side streets just off from Fifth
f_Avenue, below the park, and it did not take the detective
very long to walk the distance.
 But as he turned the corner_out of Madison Avenue
7 toward the house, he discovered at once that Paul, the
M  was standing on the steps in front of the house,
evidently awaiting his appearance, and that he was now
‘ waving frantically for the detective to hasten.
He did so. ’
He had quickened his gait almost to a run when he
 ﬁnd that the face of the valet had become
wn~and haggard since he had seen it, that the man's
_ were staring and frightened, and that he was trem-
, F with rage and fright.
What is it, Paul? _ What has happened ?" demanded
detective, as he approached the steps.
urder 1" was the single word of reply.
Wl!,at.i",exiclai1ned Nick. “Who———"
 nmster. ,. Mtg Glenn. Come 1'’
 darted up 1 the steps into'the house,
'  open, iorgthe detective to pass and then
it carefully after,hi:n.,i Then he ran up the steps
 irontproom onithe second ﬂoor, which was
jgnixvtiu-v;.;ot library; sleeping-room, and living-room for
aocotrlinodation of the crippled invalid; and here he
V  ajar and stepped back so that the de-
 [could precede him. _ « '
;crossed the threshold--and stopped.
Stand "where you are, Paul,” he commanded; and
swift, comprehensive glance, he took in the

 A the room with its now silent occupant.

’Glergn was dead.

  
  

_  back, almost at full-length, in the in-T‘

 window, toward which his wan
‘$1 half;-ttuafed.5f-[Bis slippered feet were pressed
foot-hrsaeifof thechair. The hilt of I heavy
'  ltnife-throwers make use of,

  
 

  

 ‘toplﬂaleeparoug .4;  _
_.  to ideacribe it in‘ the few
n l , irithithe agtgcsve ambe utter;

         
 
       
   

.-

: (4

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 _The detective nodded. 1 '”

.l'ant,’sa‘vv the room, just before you left it
,j  is precilcly  81139. to far 
 todetermine,-1sir.", . . ~ » .- = _ w
e n a marina

3

eye of the detective that none of this rage of book-throw-
ing had occurred at the time of the .murder. If that had
been so, the silent form upon the chair would not have
been lying in the peaceful attitude it now had assumed;
there would have been some evidence of the old gentle-
man's rage, either.in his attitude or in the expression of
his dead .face.

As it was, there was no such suggestion at all.

Nick remembered, too, that Mr. Glenn had seen his
valet and sent him forth on the errand, after the episode
of the book-throwing; and now it appeared as if his
paroxysm of anger had entirely passed before the blow
was dealt him which resulted in his instant death. ~

He crossed the room and stood beside the body.

Then he motioned to the-valet to join him there.

CHAPTER II.

A DOUBLE MYSTERY.

There was absolutely nothing in the room or about the p j .
dead body, save the one fact of the character of the mur~ 
derous knife, to indicate who had been there, or to sug-
gest who had committed the deed, although the detective ,
had no doubt concerning that point at all, remembering 7;‘-1.
the signiﬁcance of his encounter an hour earlier in the
day, while he was crossing Madison Square. ~

“Where is Miss Carmen Glenn?” asked Nick of‘tl1e
valet, as soon as the man was beside him.  

“I do not know, sir. I haven’t an idea.” ,

“Where should she; be--where was it her habit to: be,
at this hour of the day?” — 

“In this room with her father, or in her
sir.”

“Did you discover this
from your call upon me?

“Yes, sin” I" . .. ‘ . ; K» -p

“T he. appearance o‘f..,the house as we entered it--so.
quiet was it’—u-would indicate that you had not yet given
the alarm.” . V M ., .\ . g  ,

"I have not,’.sir.i _I have not. So far as I know,‘
are the oriiy persons, aside from the murderer, whaling
em ‘a eritne has been committed." t 3

 

own 

crime as soon as you retumocl

   
      
    

  

I
L “Lookabout you,‘Paul; at the room g-e"ncrally."t 1
 “Yes. sir.”. — . ‘ pvt 
. ‘'-_'I'ell' me’ if everything looks about as.it did wh 
to go in 

           

  

 

  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 

e x “How does it happen that there is no butler in the hall
below?”
, “Mr. Carter, there are only four servants in the house
beside myself, and they are women. The cook, the
housemaid, the waitress, and Miss Carmen’s maid. There
._ are_no others. There never has been since I have been
I valet to Mr. Glenn—and that is now ﬁve years.”
ll. “Where are all those servants at the present moment?"
, _-“I suppose they are below, somewhere, sir. I do not
i really know; but ﬂt this time of the day, I ”

“Yes. Never mind explaining.’ Go down-stairs and
see if you can ﬁnd any of them. Compose your face

 tongue does.”

~ “Yes, sir.”- -
“Say nothing for the present of what has happened,

but ask, in a’ natural tone, who has been to the door to

admit a caller since you went out—and also after you

-left the house on that first errand. It was during that

hsence of yours, which we will call the first absence, that

boolothrowing episode occurred, wasn't it P”

:‘t¢Y‘s.9v .

.-:"‘And: during your second absence that the murder

,'  careful inquiries among the servants concerning
 that happened during those two absences of
A M $33. ’ ‘Find out if any one came to the house, and who

' room, "and bath adjoin it in the order I have named.”

ery good. I will seek her alone. I will close and

this door as I go out. When you return, wait for

t,the.door.” ~. ‘ I

detective rapped at first gently, and then with

force, upon the door of ‘the suite of Miss Carmen

. but notwithstanding a third summons, he received
ﬂsponse. and at last tried the handle of the door,

  and entered thesitting-roo‘m' that has been al-

férred to. ‘  »
’ I was  one there; A glance told the detective

 I to the clommunicatingidoor of the dressing-
 there he called out the name of the young

   
 

‘ ,»0i”_ W  ‘ ‘I

 
 

 

  
   

‘parture.

before you start, so that it won't tell more than your '

V ,  should have penetrated to the utter, -

 

 

 _ . NEW. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

to the sitting-room, looking swiftly around him at the
others as he passed through them.

There was nothing anywhere to indicate a hasty de-
The rooms appeared to be in perfect order, so
far as he could determine.- Everything looked as if the
regular occupant had merely stepped out of them for
some purpose of her own which did not now appear.

At a desk in one corner of the sitting-room, the posi-

, tion of the chair, of the pens and blotter, suggested that

the young lady had been engaged in writing; but if she

had indited a letter, she had also taken it away with her p

when she went out.

On the table in the center of the room were several
pairs of gloves that had been thrown down carelessly, as
if their owner had been engaged in making a selection
from among them before she took her departure; and
that, of itself, indicated that there had been -no haste
about her going.

Nick left the rooms and descended the stairs to the
second ﬂoor, arriving there just as the valet returned
from his visit to the servants’ quarters. '

“Well?” he asked.

“Miss Glenn left the house soon after I did—-”

“Soon after you did so the ﬁrs) time, or the second
time 2”,’ the detective interrupted.

“After I went out the ﬁrst time.”

“So it/is notlikely that she was in the house at either
of the times that interest us; that is, when your master
threw the books at somebody who entered his room, or
at the time of the murder.”

“She‘,went out before either of those things could have
happened, sir. The housemaid says that she left the
house very soon after I did.” ‘ —

“Where is her own particular maid?”

“She went out with Miss Glenn.” \\
“And how did they go? On foot, or in one of the car-
riages ?” .
“They walked.”

“Now, who has called at the house during the day ?”

“Nobody, sir.”

“Eh? It is quite evident that somebody has called.
Don’t you think so, Paul P” " ‘

“Yes, sir. What I mean to say was that the servants

are not ‘aware that.‘ anybody has called at the house at I _?-

all.” » .
“You mean that none of them has been to the door

in response to a ring at the bell?"
“Yes.”

“How long is it-now since you went out that first time, 

Paul ?”

“I should say that it is about two hours.” 9 l I
“Did you‘ ask the servants how they had passed the _

,timeIsince then?” ,

-,~"§Y,es,.  have not.left theother part of the house 

-‘_-4112;  

   

  
 

    
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
     
    
  

“Not even to ascertain if their master wanted any-
; thing?”

“That was not necessary. In the first place, not one
7 of them was aware of the fact that I had gone out at
all, and, again, there is an electric hell with a ﬂexible
cord which I always placed within the master’s reach
when I left him. With it he could summon the house-
maid or the waitress to him by a mere press of the but-
ton. Dnring all the time that has elapsed, the house-
maid and waitress have been engaged in" polishing the
I silver. They are at it now.”

a “Miss Glenn's maid went to tell them that she was
‘I . going out with her mistress.” . \

“And how do you know that they departed imme-
diately after you left the house?”

_“By the time that was given me. The waitress re-
membered the time when Miss Glenn's maid took the
vrnessage to her that they were going out.”

 “I see. Did the maid mention where they were go-
4 .VV_  . ,

“To some shopping. She said no more than that.”
“Did e mention what time they would return?”

A  “No;  that they would not be absent long.” .

.,  “Then we may expectthem to return at any moment.

.Now,- Paul?” '

“Yes, sir.” I ' V
A “Ybﬁ will have toigo back to the servants and break
the news to them concerning whathas happened. In the
meantime, I will make use of the telephone to inform
the police, and also to summon the coroner. I will re-
V ain in the house until the police take charge, and also
_niitil Miss Glenn returns. This will be a terrible blow
_  her, Paul.” \

‘V L. “Awful, sir. I never saw such worship as Miss Glenn
bestowed upon her father. She never seemed to have a
ﬁgought that wasn't for his comfort. and content.”
‘ - “Yes, I know. You remember that they were sepa-
  ﬁve years old until only a few months
" A V ' , Notgo and do as I_bade you. When it is done,
 to me.”  - '
 sinwx . h A . ~ ,
 tell_the servants to remain where they are for
 need not come into this part until

 called to do  wish as little noise made
'  posni _ , sotell them as much.”

 

V 4

' x

    
   
   
  
     

 meat again to  where the

- , _  $RliQug‘iIrhe‘wqis;more than ever
« _   the knife, tint _ha‘d.killed Richard
  is   «mm . -  

     

“How do they know about the absence of Miss Glenn?" 

.'.-V‘ ,. ‘ .  . ’ I.   I‘
l  in due‘time;~aiso the coroner; and

itilﬂei   Vnotlzmgii I i   d:scav' cred more than he I

NEW NICK CARTER .WEEKLY. 5

“I know already—-at least, I know to my own satis-
faction,” he said, “who it was who committed this crime;
but there does not exist the slightest proof of his guilt
that would be satisfactory to a jury. His known enmity
and hatred of Richard Glenn and his known career and
character would sum up all there is against him.”

“But if you know him-—-”

“Aye, I know him all right. I met him in Madison
Square this morning. I think that he must have turned
about and hastened to this house, and committed this
crime after I saw him, too.”

“You do P” ,

D “Yes. It is evident to me that Juan Santillos—that is
his name——had already been here. Just how he entered
the house is at present a mystery, although it would not
be diﬁicult for a man who i's expert with locks to let him-
self into a house of this sort, or past a door like the one
down-stairs.”

“I grant you that.”

“The condition of the room indicates that he and no
other had been here. There is not another man alive,
than Santillos, in whose presence Glenn would have lost
his temper to the extent of throwing books at his head.”

“I suppose you are reasonably sure of that, Carter?”

“Certainly. My idea is that Santillos saw the valet go
out when he left the house the first time. Doubtless, he ~
also saw Carmen leave the house. Convinced, then, that
Glenn was alone for the moment, and possibly knowing
something about the disposition of the servants in the '
house, he used a key that he had provided, and enterqi.” ‘A.

‘_‘That sounds probable,” admitted the coroner. 

.“The interview was rather stormy, judging from the
appearance of the books. I can hear Glenn ordering the
intruder out of the house, almost.”

I

CHAPTER III. ‘T
‘rm-: ABDUCTION or CARMEN GLENN’.

o

‘;‘I don’t suppose, at that time,” continued the detective“ .
musingb’: "that Santillos had an idea of killing Glenna; '
at least, not just then; but he had some deﬁnite and par-
ticular purpose in calling. There is no doubt of that.”

“Fjrobabl'y not."' A . 

“And it was the mere mention of that purpose which ﬂy“;
threw the old man into a rage, so that he denuded his I
revolving case of books to throw at the fellow’s head.” ;

(‘I see. One would suppose that you know what tha't5~ 
purpose was.” ' _v .13;
“Oh, I think there is no doubt about the purpose.” ' L

 

' “What was«it?” _ A .,
“He probably told Glenn that he wanted to marry 

daughter Carmen; and. by the way, the two are remote:

cousins. Carmen’: mother's name was Santillos, and she’:

      

6
3such a wish would account for the throwing of the
books.”

I “But not for the throwing of the knife.”

“No. I think that I am responsible for that.”

A “You!”

“Yes. In a way, that is.”

“How in the world do you mean?”

“I have just told you that I met Santillos in the square,
haven't I?”
"Yes.”

 “I ordered him to leave the city at once. I told him
that I would arrest him and send him to Montana, where
he happens to he wanted, if he did not leave within the
hour. He begged for three days’}ime, and I refused to
grant it; so it is my opinion that he merely turned about,
came back here, let himself into the house again, as-
cended the stairs softly, opened that door silently, so that
the old man was not disturbed, and from that position
5 threw the knife into Glenn's heart. After that he prob-
ably .went quietly away again, as silently as he came,
" leaving, as you observe, no trace behind him——save the
A one; the knife.”
“Is the knife his? Do you recognize it?”
._ , “No. But it is the kind that he uses, and I know him
 j_to be one of the most expert knife-throwers in the world.
, ,He could make a handsome salary on the stage at that
f sort of exhibition.”
“But ought you not to be in search of him now, Car-
7 tier?”
5.? * v.‘,‘I am. I sent Chick out on his trail at once, after I
Y‘ , returned to my home after meeting him. It is entirely
‘ i$ wellvas if I had gone myself.”
’ “You think that Chick will ﬁnd him P”
~ “Frankly, I do no ” ..
I I “Why not?'.’ ~
‘f"l‘hink a moment. Santillos knows that I would rec-
 ognize his work in this instantly. He knew that I
 would know at once that he did the job. He came back
here tocommit this riiurder deliberately, knowing that
,  would know he did it-——and it is therefore quite certain
,  he had a method already prepared for immediate

 

 

‘L

   
  
   

= escape.” ~

 coroner acquiesced. .
“He doubtless had a plan already laid for losing his
 at any moment he_pleased. He has merely put
it into execution a little sooner than he expected to do,.
 ‘IL’: K
“He is a coldoblooded scoundrel! That is what he is !”
“Oh, there is no doubt of that. Not the least. This
 7”‘ at thing is only play to such a man as he is. He is
‘  tlnn a snake; more deadly than the
you  Carter.”g A _
'  {I think so-.-ultimately. But I am ‘dreading
' " ggthatisalrnostvqorsethanthis nmrder.”

 

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“What is that?”
“Carmen has not returned to the house yet.”
. “But what of that? Do you think-—-—”.
“I am afraid that the plotting of Santillos extended to

' her, coroner.”

“You don’t mean to say that he has found a way to
abduct her in broad daylight, in the streets of New
York, do you?” .

“I mean something very much like that—yes.
went out, soon to return. There has been ample time
for her to do her errands. She has‘ not returned. San-
tillos saw her leave the house, doubtless. What is it,
Paul?”

The valet had approached the door and was now stand-
ing quietly on the threshold, waiting until he should be
addressed.

“Clarice has returned,” he said.

“Miss Glenn's maid?”

“Yes.”

“Where is she?”

“In the library, sir. I told her to waitthere until you
saw her.”

“Quite right, Paul.
coroner?” \

“Yes. Thank you.”

They found the maid in the library, striding up and
down the floor, evidently laboring under great excitement.

“I am Mr. Carter, Clarice,” said Nick, remembering
that he was in disguise and that she would not recognize
him at once. “Where is your mistress?”

_ “Alas, sir, I do not know.” ,

“Not know! You went out with her, did you not?”

“Yes, sir. We went to A1tman’s store. I had a few
purchases of my own to make, and we separated inside
the store, agreeing to meet at the glove counter later. I
returned there and waited, but she did not come. At last.
thinking that she had missed me somehow, and gone on
home, I came here. What does it all mean, Mr. Carter?"

“I suppose, Clarice, that you" have been told of what
has happened here?”

“Yes, sir; oh, yes. It is terrible. The poor master!
And Miss .,Carmen! It will kill her when she knows
about it.” _ g

The girl began to sob, and Nick left her alone for a
time; but at last he said to her: /

“I wonder what sort of a detective you would make,

She

Will you accompany me,

V Clarice ?”

“What do you mean, sir?”

“This: You know about what purchases your mistress
intended to make to-day, do you not?”

“Yes, sir.”

“And, therefore, you are reasonably certain what deo

partments and counters in that store she would have  

visited to make those purchases; eh ?”
uYes.n 5 . H

  
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
 

 “I wonder if you have got nerve enough and judgment
enough to return to that store at once and to make in-
quiries of the clerks throughout each department where
‘ your mistress could have gone. Do you think you could
do that for me ?”
. “Yes, sir. Yes, indeed, I could.”
3. “Then go at once. Lose no time. Hasten there as
4 . quickly as you can. .Try to recall everything that your
_ ' mistress intended to look at while she was there. Ask
 ‘ill the questions about her that you can think of. Par-
ticularly, try to ﬁnd out from the clerks, many of whom
‘knew her by sight, doubtless, if any person approached
,  her and spoke to her while she was in the store. You
‘W can accomplish that much better than I could do it, for
3 'I wbuldhave to ﬁnd out ﬁrst where she went‘ while she
 was in the store, and you‘ know that approximately, al-
? -$7 ready. Can you do’ it?” ' ~ .
“Yes, sir.”. _
“Then go at, once; and when you have ﬁnished your
_. inquiries, no matter what the result may he, go to my
_“I will, sir.” ,
, . . f‘If I am not there, ‘wait forirne. I shall wish to ques-
ﬁ°n=yoﬁ'u A . '
&“Yesi,sir." . -l _ _ p _
“After the maid had gone out on her errand, the _de-
 turned‘ to the again.
 to look’i:l'1kei sorne sort of an abduction,
it?""hé ‘asked.’ " ' ‘

inquire theiparticulars, ‘would it?”

    
 

é‘ day’s‘ work on the

 >‘r"_/1.:  C. y 

presetnrnorizent is that Chick
., 1'   p .

  

 you ‘jnow,“ coroner.

  
    

  
 

p  iher'+to enteriia car- i
‘  I p less. Do you happen to know if anybody has been
- noying Miss Glenn of late .7"

present.  It.‘ It '

cg: »1o,.1;¢re.i;_.,;‘ will telc- '
. t_t~cqtne’.h¢r_e and 3- I

NEVV NICK CARTER VEEKLY. 7

But the time'passed, and Chick did not appear, nor
did any message come from him.

At ﬁve o'clock Joseph announced the maid, Clarice,
and Nick had her up to his study at once.

“It was not until the very last inquiry I made of the
clerks that I discovered anything,” she said, dropping
into the chair which Nick indicated for her to take.
“But then, as I had given up ﬁnding out anything at all,
I approached one of the clerks who happens to know
me. It was at a counter where I did not expect any
information, too.”

“ hat is apt to be the case,” commented Nick. “Go
on.”

“The clerk—a Miss Allison—-called out to me:

“ ‘Why, Clarice, I thought you were injured. I

,thought you were knocked down and trampled upon by
a crush at the door, and were carried outside in a faint-
ing condition.’

“And then, sir, she told me that Miss Glennwas
standing at her counter, chatting with her, when a man
rushed up to her and told her that I had fallen as she
had described, and that I had sent for my mistress; and
that is all that I could find out.”

_ “Couldn’t you find anybody who saw your mistress
after that moment?” asked Nick.

“Not a soul. I asked everybody. I went to the man-
ager, and he helped me. We could find out nothing at
all. Nobody seems to have seen, Miss Glenn fromthe "*
time shé left that counter after being told that .1 had
been hurt.” 

"You have done very well, all the same, Clarice," said ' .,
the detective. “Your mistress was probably “taken” to a. 5 °
carriage. She was told that you were inside. As. she * J
endeavored to enter, some one might have pushed her 
from the outside. and at the same time somebody seized. _. .
her from the inside- The rest would be easy so long as :2
she was not permitted to cry out.” ,-  - I
5 “Then you think, sir, that she has been carried .away?” 

.“I certainly do.” . . ‘ , 2 ‘S 

"But who could have done it, Mr. Carter .7” _.

“The same’ person who murdered her father, doubt?‘
an-

  

  
       
 

  
 
 

 
 
 
    
    

"Yes, sir, I do. A man--a Spaniard-—whorn
lgated. She told me all about him.” _ ‘ W
“Santillos was his name. I know him. What didhe

do to annoy her?” . _ ’
‘‘Hl:‘wiote letters to her every day. He begged to be
 to see her. He threatened her if she did'».zg9t
 how long has that sort of «thing beengoinéinh
  ‘Vbtesed her to ,t-:11 
. mam thatsh¢.5Iid,&mt”wént  

    
   

     
   

   
   
     
 

    
 

     
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
 

CHAPTER IV.
NICK CARTER’S NEW mm.

‘j‘If_iyoi1r mistress had come directly to me, in the first
",fss soon as she began to receive those letters, the
 would probably have saved her father's life, and it
deitainly would have avoided the present predicament,”
the detective thoughtfully, when the maid uttered
sttttement. “Do you know what she did with those
 ?-3 ‘Did she destroy them ?”
I 9.,?‘: She threw them aside. I gathered them up. I
saved them, for I intended to show them to you, if
happened to call at the house to see Mr. Glenn, as
 did.” _
"t was, thoughtful of you, Clarice. Where are the

my room at the house, sir.”
good. It isn't dark yet. I will go there with
 them." ~ ‘
deteétive left a note for Chick, in case he should
hisabsence, and then went out with the
i just before he left the house he returned to
and secured a box he wanted, for an idea
to him. that had possibilities, although he
  ﬁnally determined upon putting it into

I . :where"jthe crime had been _go1_nmitted was,
I‘  of the police}; and there was also a
yea! the lawyer there; but the detective, se-
jr thernaid, had nodiﬁiculty in gaining ad-

D  to the undertaker .i
 duties, and already the body of the)

, ‘Wit-1'-.=rvi=<'— , - t. a
"  directly’, to-your  Clarice,"
lie’. £v$fmtheyaueredithe house. »“I will

  they wereone all

  

I fewi "Esch'ts1dand re— ,

  had always entertained

, I i.n~thiI..fiat1c_a_It. Nick had'nodosbt'that
i ~ ' the-‘Ii ‘

  

ilsndiiﬁspises-t

   

henlprepsrcdfar theilsstrites that were to V

- +5-
[  a convent. and heleftfherithere‘ until she was twenty
. In the  she had forgotten who_she,ms, and 

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

was mentioned once, but in such a way that Nick de-
cided that it was merely an afterthought, because the
Waldorf is somewhat nearer to the house where Carmen
lived.

Otherwise, they contained no further clue than the de-
tective already possessed. ‘

“Did Carmen reply to any of these letters ?” he asked
of the maid. '

“No, sir, not at all.”

“Did the man ever call here? Even to the extent of
presenting himself at the door?” '

“Not to my knowledge, Mr. Carter.”

“Do you know if she ever saw him when she went out?
Did she ever encounter him on the street that you know
about?”

“Only once, and then he did not see her.”

“How do you know that?”

“Because she said so.”

“Tell me what she said about it.”

“She returned one day from a visit at the ﬂorist’s-—it
was the day before yesterday, sir—and the moment she
was in‘ her own rooms she said to me: ‘

“ ‘Clarice, I met that terrible cousin of mine to-day. I
almost came face to face with him; but. fortunately, he , ‘
did not see me.’ .

“I asked herif she was sure about that, and she said
she was. She had seen him coming toward her on the
street, and had turned into a" store and waited until he
passed. ‘Then she took a cross. street, and so avoided 
him.” .. _ 
‘ “Is that the only time P”

“Yes, sir.‘ It is the only one,
about.” ‘ '

“Did Carmen fear the man very much, do you think?"

“No, sir, I do not. She did not fear anything at all.
[I never saw anybody as fearless as she always was.”

“Yes, I know that.” ‘ , _‘ V «

“She used to laugh at his letters--after she got through is‘
frowning upon them”. I i ‘ i

“Tell me what she said about-the man himself.”

' 3'! think she pitied him .in»"one way.’ I have heard her ,:_:;
say that he was good to her, after his own fashion, dnr- I f
ing the years that she was in his care. Will you tellrue’ 
how that was, sir? Miss Glennnever explained it to. '

“Santillos~stole her from her parents when she  I
live years’ old. I-Iewas himself only sixteen at the /tiniefif

t: he was precocious and likes  grown in ‘many
respects. He took her to Europe, where he 

at least, that‘; 

 

    
      
  
     
   
   
   

4

 
  
  

  

  thathe was her 
' ti o ”'of‘?Ca 

   

“Then he tool? her away, when she was twenty, and
brought her to this country again. For two years they
traveled, while he was having a house completed for them
to live in, out in Montana. ‘

“But in the meantime she had grown so beautiful that
he fell iy love with her in earnest, and so, -after he had
taken .her to the home in Montana, he told her the truth
about herself; he admitted that he was not her brother,
but only a distant cousin. He tried to get her to marry

hint .

‘That is practically the entire story of her life.

“In his way, he was good to her, I suppose, as she
a said to you; but he swore to her that she should never
see her father, whom he confessed to her was alive, un-
,5 less she, did so as his wife——and it happened to be just
' ‘at the time when he had determined to force her into
an'unwilling marriage when her -father sent after her.
He had succeeded in obtaining some deﬁnite information
 about her at last, through discovering the convent where

G a she had lived for’ ﬁfteen years of her life.” ' '

_ 3"‘What a terrible thing it was to do—what that man

did, I mean.”

 A “'1 «$5. I think there is no doubt that he loved hef, and
.°* 'p that he loves her now; but it is the love of a hyena in-
stead of a man. However, I do not think that she is in
 any imniediate danger; at least, not for a few days—
 possibly" weeks.” '

_, “Won't be take her back again to that place in Mon-
I . tana?” ' /

  "I do not think so. There are reasons why he would
{prefer to give that section of the country a wide berth.
What IQ: is——”

“What, sir?”

. ‘ “Santillos owns large estates in. the State of Guerrero,
 Mexico. Guerrero is a wild place. There‘ are many
 of it where white men—as we know them—-do not
3.80: have never been, and returned to tell about it. I fear
7 t_ will take her there if I do not succeed in stopping

 

w

 

‘-

 

 

   
   
     
     
  
    
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
  
   

w.;....» ,
“And if he should? What then, sit?" ‘
«.«“If— he should succeed in getting her safely into ,that

ynunpy, it would be almost impossible for anybody to
, mane her--even to find her at all.”

Hiﬁlﬁsilldalsoofcourage.” -
""¥‘hanJ=yo.u.sir." — e ‘
~ ‘  got sand enpugh to help me out
ﬁfe‘!
‘flare

-4.

  

gmao anything in the world for Miss
beg, . - * V

   

‘i»;13u:,..,'fhat I ask you to do—if

 

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. A9’

I do ask it—wi1l require a considerable amount of cour-
age.”

“I will not falter, sir. Tell me what it is.”

“I notice that you are about the same height and
ﬁgure of your mistress, Clarice.”

“Yes, sir. Her clothes ﬁt me perfectly."

“That has been fortunate; eh? It is still so——for what
I wish you to do.” -

“I do not know what you mean, Mr. Carter."

“I will tell you presently. I have not quite decided _in
my own mind to do the thing I have thought about. You
resemble your mistress somewhat, too, Clarice} at least,
you would do so if you were dressed in her clothes. Donlt
you think so?”

“Miss Glenn is very beautiful. I am not, sir.”

“Pardon me, Clarice; I am not saying this to compli-
ment you idly, but you are also beautiful.‘ With a few
touches I could make you look so exactly like your mis-
tress that the resemblance might deceive her father, were
be living.” -

“Do you think so?”

“I am sure of it.”

“But why’ should you do such a thing? Why would it
be any advantage to make me look so like my mistress
that people would be deceived?”

“That is what I am turning‘ over in my mind at the
present moment. It is what I have not entirely decided
about. Suppose we find out what we can do in that line
while I am doing my thinking? What do you say to
that?”

“I am quite willing, if it is your wish.”

“Very well; I will wait here for you.”

“\Vhat am I to do in the meantime, sir?”

“Go into your mistress’ rooms. Select from among
her things a costume in which she looks particularly well;
a "street costume, I mean.”

“Yes.” ,

“Put it on. Then arrange your hair—it is the same
color—exactly as she wears hers; and when you have
done all that, return ‘here to me.”

“Will it be right, under the circumstances, for me to
help myself to her things ?”

“Perfectly right, ‘since I request it, and since it is done
in her interests.”

“You said a street costume?”

“Yes. Go, now; and make haste.”

Nick almost uttered a gasp of surprise when, half an
hour later, Clarice returned to him, after.the change had
been wrought. " ‘‘

She had rearranged her hair as Nick had directed; she
had adopted a costume for the street which Carmen was
particularly fond of ; she had added a few ornaments,
such as Carmen was in the habit of wearing, and thg

' whole made up a very beautiful young woman, who did 1
not look in  liken servant, and who already suﬁ- 

.\.

   

 

    
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
     
    
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
  

a sister. I

1, the house with him. _ '
“He directed Clarice to seat herself in a chair under the

,tofn1ake touches here and there until, after half an hour
»r‘no“re, he left oft’ and -stepped back to view his handi-

l_;'“Look at yourself in the mirror, Clarice,” he said, with
asmile.

g:.She ’arose obedientiy and stepped in front of the
 Then she uttered a cry of surprised dismay, and

l 37‘Mr. Carter!” shecried. “I thought--I thought--—”

:.;i“rWl1atP” he asked. - .
 really thought for an instant that Miss Glenn stood
hiniiﬁie, and that it was her reflection that I_ saw in

mirror,” said Clarice, trying to laugh.

CHAPTER V.
rm: TRANSFORMATION on GLARICE.

{was not at all surprising that Clarice had felt that
 her reflection in the glass, for Nick Carter,
‘  wrought a marvelous change in her appear-
” 9i's’t;1:e that, before the changes were made, it would
,6 occurred to a casual observer’ to say that Clarice
I mistaken for her mistress; there was no actual
4 We-—0nly general ones. I A ' _ '
theldetective had been quick to notice these; he
A quick to see the possibilities of amake-up, and
iineﬁted by his discovery. , .
 is it all about, Mr. Carter P” asked the now
hly-I puzzled maid. “I.don’t understand how I am
,ou,,merely by resembling my mistress.”
you cannot £0 so; possibly you can. It is;
 on my part to play, a trick upon the per-
 have‘ stolen your mistress away.”
*suppose' there was more than one of them?
’ the€’plural.” ’ * . i I ‘ .
 isat  of it, of course; but
not well ihavepaecomplished all he has done
 H‘.ceu':awhe2~w,  

by I made‘ .;s;";t‘a..; plural it ' re:  at

ciently resembled her mistress to have passed readily as J I

,, Then Nick had recourse to the box he ihadvbrought to.

1 had  have .

  ‘ would make a detective of you: You are to begin to-

    

w:.,, z_:-

NEW’ NICK cnarrzr: vi-:E:<Lr.

house now, and to wait there in the parlor for me for
half an hour. After that, I am going to take you to
dinner at the Hotel Mammoth.”

“Why, Mr. Carter!”

“What is the matter, Clarice P”

“I am only a lady’s maid, sir.”

“For to-night you will be the lady, instead of the maid.
And while I think of it, you must stop that habit of say-
ing ‘sir’ to me—-for to-night, at least. I am going to
address you as ‘Carmen,’ and if I should encounter any
of my acquaintances, I shall introduce you as Miss
Glenn.”

“But, Mr. Carter, there is one objection which pos-
sibly you have forgotten.”

“What is that, Clarice ?"'

“Would it be quite proper, or natural, for Miss Glenn
to appear’in a public place to-night, so soon after the
murder of her father P” .

“Decidedly not. But I had not forgotten that. I ‘
have managed, through a little inﬂuence that I possess,
to keep the fact about the murder quiet for a sl1ort time.
The news of it will not appear until the morning papers
are out. The afternoon and evening papers did not
have the news.”

“Yolu mean that people do not know about the murder
yet, I suppose?”

f‘Yes:’,’

“But they will know in the morning.”

“What of that?” ~ _

“lvlany will remember to have seen--as they will sup-
pose-—-‘Miss Glenn at the hotel after the murder, to-night.”

I “Let them remember. They will not think twice about 5
it. ‘If any of them should, they will suppose that at the
time they saw Miss Glennshe had not yet learned of
her father’s death.”

“But there is still another objection.”

“What; another?”

"Yes.”

“What is it?”

. “Miss Glenn has many acquaintances whom I do not
know by sight.”

“What of that?” \ V -

'‘‘If'I should see ‘them, and not know them, I would-—
cut them, you know.” I _ ‘ ‘ '
“We will take that chance.”

“And there is‘ still one more reason why I ought not,
to do this thing.” . . ) , ‘
“Goodness! What is that, Clarice?”

/

‘V “I am afraid that I cannot play the part. I shall keep

forgetting whom_I am supposed to be, and will remem-
ber only that Iarn-Clarice St. Cyr. I am afraid that I ‘
will botch it terribly",’l\/Ir. Carter.” L . c , A

.  haveno fear ofthat-.-ti Besides, an I'nqm‘y  ‘I,

      
 
    

   
 

  

 
 

   
    
  
 
 
 
   
  
    
    
   
  
    
  
  
 
 

‘ “Will you tell me one thing?”
“Possibly; what is it?" - -
“VVhat do you expect to accomplish by this imper-

sonation P”

“I really cannot say that I expect to accomplish any-
» thing at all——but I hope that I may. I will tell you all
about what I hope to do a little later. I don’t care to
spare the time just now. Come.”

They were not long in returning to the detectives
 home, and there Nick left Clarice in the parlor while he
went to his own room. He was gone quite half an hour,
as he had said he would be; but when he did come down
and enter the room where she was awaiting him, she
~ looked upon him without recognition.

This fact pleased Nick immensely, for it told him two

. things: One was that his disguise was perfect, and the

 I other, and more important one, was that she did not

if . know Juan Santillos by sight. '

‘ For Nick had made himself up as a perfect counter-

part of Santillos; so perfect was the counterfeit that the
closest of Santillos’ friends might have been deceived.

Oncesbefore he had done this very thing, and on that
occasiur had fooled ,the men who served under Loco Juan
‘g Santillos, in Montana!

_ Nick’s idea in attempting this ‘double masquerade was

rather far fetched, as he had intimated to Clarice; and

‘yet there was just a chance that it might be proﬁtable.

; L The letters he had read at least assured him that the

‘one-time outlaw was in the habit of frequenting the
Mammoth; otherwise, he would not so frequently have
» mentioned it as a place of meeting.

. When men piake appointment for meetings by letter,

Vthey are sure to select a place which is especially familiar

~ to them, '

p The /detective had an idea that by exhibiting himself

’  in the hotelpublicly, and in the character of Santillos.

 there was a chance that he might be accosted by one of

the acquaintances of the Spaniard, if there should happen
to be such a person at the hotel—-or if one should appear
 by any accident. ’

« And again, if there should be any perwn around who

had at anytime seen Carmen while Santillos was plotting

slgainst herd and laying plans for her abduction, she

‘Wonk! heianother attractive feature of the “show.”

‘ ‘ﬁle  the murder was not yet known; that
 outside the few concerned had the least id that
' I had been an abduction, made all this quite possible;
 additional fact that Santillos appeared to dare to
 the great dining-room of the Marnrnoth that
V ‘of .33 nights, would till his associates with un-
twarroz, if one such should happen to discover him
fﬁemunthatwas supposed-tobehe.
  that  wasinot one chance in ten

. ‘W

   

A

»— f '  of the Nrcx Currn Wnln.v—-“The

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 11

thousand that this plan of Nick’s could be productiveidf
any gain whatever; but even so, if there did exist that
one chance in ten thousand, or a hundred thousand, even,
it was worthy of a trial.

And there was nothing else that Nick could do that
night which seemed so well worth doing.

Chick had not returned; neither had he forwarded any
message to the house.

Nick did not know what to think of this.

It argued for one of two things: Either the assistant
was so hot upon a trail that he had not found an oppor-
tunity to send word; or he had met with trouble of some
sort, and was prevented from doing so.

Nick was rather inclined to the latter view, too.

— He knew Santillos for an exceedingly desperate char-
acter; and also as a most cunning foe. . i

It might be the Spaniard had suspected that Nick

would send somebody out after him at once, and that

he had found time to put one of his own associates on

guard while he himself returned to the home of Richard
Glenn to commit the murder.

All there was which the detective could have thought
of to do that night in the way of taking up the search
for Juan Santillos would have been to go to the Hotel
Mammoth; and this he was doing now——in company with
Clarice. '

But he thought it best to warn her who it was that he
represented in the disguise he had adopted, and so, as
they took their seats in the automobile, he said to her:

“What do you think of this disguise, Clarice?”

"You are to call me Carmen to-night, Mr. Carter,” she
corrected him.

“Very true. You are all right.
of this disguise, Carmen?”

‘'I suppose it is very perfect. At least, I should not
have known you. Even your voice, as you spoke to me
just now, is different.”

“It ought to be. It is the voice of the man I am
representing.” _

“Ah! 'l\hen, like myself, you are representing a living
character ?”

“Yes. Does my appearance suggest nothing to you-—
Carmen?”

She smiled brightly at him, and replied:

“No. Do you represent somebody whom I am sup-
posed to know?”

“I don’t think so. I am supposed now to be no less
a person than the writerpf those letters we‘ read to-night
in your room." A

“Really? Do you mean that Seﬁor Santillos ?”

“Yes.”

“If he looks as you do now, he is a handsome man.

What do you think

But I remember that my mistress—that is, that I have ,7.

often said that he is handsome.” '
“Exactly.” ‘ /'

  

    
   
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 

’ ‘ﬁow am I to address you, then?”

V “As Juan-——pronounced Wan. Can you say it?” -
“Oh, I speak Spanish quite as well as I do French and

 English-.——and Italian, too, for that matter. So you are

Juan and I am Carmen. Really, Mr: Carter, you make

 me forget that I ought to be very sad to-night.”

IL“I wish you to be gay to-night. I wish you to con-

' duct yourself as if there were no troubles in the world.

.Will you endeavor to do so?” - ~

I ‘ “Certainly. I do feel gay, to tell the truth—-save only

« when I remember the poor master, who was murdered

» in‘ such a horrible manner.”

"You must not remember it; you must_ forget it, for

 present.” ,_

I  is not the ﬁrst time that I have dined out in this

. way, Mr. Carter.” .

i 7 ;~“I have suspected as much--Carmen.”

,“I.speak as Clarice now. I was not always a maid.”

“I suspected that, also.”

A "‘I don’t know why I tell you this, unless it is because

It ‘felt like myself for the first time in many months.”

“You mean that you are properly in your own sphere

fthe first time in many months, do you not ??’

f‘.Yes. Yes. It is a long, sad story, Mr. Carter. Some

time I would like to tell it to you." ,

‘Some time you shall. Possibly we can ﬁnd a way to

 it less sad. But you must not think about it to~

,  This is to be a night for gaiety and pleasure; a

nightlof adventure, I hope.” _

“I” only pray that it may be a night of success for your

, .5Mr. Carter,\and that I may be permitted to con-

to i .” ~

--run-—

I
CHAPTER VI.
ﬁrm-zvcowaov IN’ A mzess-surr.

qr  they moved around among the people in
erirﬁdois, permitting themselves to be seen by all;
'  they entered the dining~room and found a
is’, table, from which they could see everybody

.or£lered: a very entertaining dinner, for he
 that Clarice had eaten very little that
~h¢f_|m¢w_ mat‘ in the spirits which the adventure
 her she would ﬁnd an appetite.

' ., 35¢!  ‘several courses, and
t the coffee-stage of the repast, before any

. leans over again.
He will be here in a moment. The people at the table
V do not rise.” I

 or left the rodtn, and where they were them -‘
' _ Room can easily be made for you.”

‘   sir.” v

NE\V NICK CARTER‘ \\7EIZKLY.

“You are evidently quite well assured of that, waiter,
or you would not have asked the question," replied the
detective. “What do you want?” I

By way of reply, the man placed a_note on the table in
front of Nick, and straightened himself up to wait until
the detective had read it.

The note was extremely brief, and there was no signa-
ture appended to it whatever. It was:

“Isn’t this rather foolhardly? I would like a word
with you. Send word by the waiter.” ,

“Where is the party who sent this message?” asked
Nick of the waiter.

“At the table in the far corner,” was the reply.-

“Alone?” '

“No; there is another gentleman, with two ladies, at
the table. They are one party.”

“Very good. Ask the gentleman to come over here,
if he cares to do so.”

“Yes, sir.”

' “And, stay; here is something to help you get there.”
He placed a dollar in the expectant hand of the man.
“Now, Carmen,” he said, “my back is toward that

waiter, in the direction in which he is‘ going. I want
you to,i/watch him with. your sharpest eyes, and tell me
everything that he does; and also what the people at the
table where he is going do. Don’t omit anything.”

She \did not reply, but Nick saw that her eyes were in«
tently following the man across the room, and presently
she began to murmur to him in a low tone:

“The waiter went straight to the table in the far cor-
ner. He is there now. He is bending «liver, and is say-
ing something to‘ one of the gentlemen there. The others
——there are three others~—appear_ to be listening. Now
the waiter is standing ‘up straight, and the people at the
table are talking earnestly together. Now the waiter
Now he is coming toward us again.

Then the waiter appeared again.
“Pardon me, sir,” said the waiter.
"What! Backialready? What is it now?”
. “Mr. Carroll wishes to know if you and the madam
will join him and his friends over there at their table.
\ ~ \'
"Tell him ‘no’; not at present. Later, perhaps. Wait
a moment." i , . 
“Yes, sir." " '
“How did you know him to be Mr. Carroll?',’I
“Ialways listen for names,‘ sir, so that I will know
the guests ‘of the hotel.
that name." ._ , .
' “I see. You area wise old chap. Possibly there is

another dollar_.for you in my pocket. Now, look here,

my man.”

‘...I

One of the ladiescalled him by

 

   
    
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   

,2 ‘VI don’t care to turn about and stare across the room
 a countryman looking into a shop-window. Can you
-.; tell me who the people are at the table with Mr. Car-
’; fol]?-',’_l_ , r e
“I think so; yes, sir.”

. “Good. Do so.”

“Mr. Carroll is the gentleman nearest this way; next
 to him is Mrs. Pardoe; opposite Mrs. Pardoe is Mr. Par-
} doe, and seated next to him is Miss Travers.”

 M “Thank you. _ You need not mention to them the fact
 that I made the inquiry.” .
 “Certainly not, sir.”

._"And you might say to Carroll that I would be glad

W did he happen to recognize us all the way across this
x‘ room? Do you know that?” ,

‘V “I think, sir, that he recognized the lady ﬁrst.”

. “Ah, indeed! Do you happen to think anything more
go! about it,.waiter? If you do, tell it. Thatdollar is get-
 bigger. \ It is growing.”

     
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
 

.l

; ‘fWell, sir, I hope you won’t think I
in‘ g " 9! V

4 . ‘?I have asked you to talk; therefore, talk.” _

.1 ' . ‘rvrcetl, sir, I think that the sight of the lady gave him

asort ofaturnl” - . . ‘

‘A i *“A turn, eh? What is that? What do you mean?”
 "71 happened to be looking] at him at the moment he
$iw her——I‘was standing near their table, and I saw him
give "astart and turn rather strange looking, I thought.”
("Yea And then?” .

 Then,’ sir, he actually stood up in his place at the
 and stared across-the room_toward you, so that the
,  were surprised, and stared at him some.”

aim‘ presum-

or so until he could see you. I think he did so on
q f to» get a look at you ;' and then he sort of sighed
9 r¢tixrnedtohissat.” ‘ 4 » i I ..

 old chaps You are becoming very interesting.

    ‘together.
 to be  you ‘ and the lady; and

I * y.   arvsbersiw 10¢”

'11:," ,2.



”' daﬁsr“  " ,  v;   ifbraiedﬂrintof C

1" 

if he would stepover here at once. By the way, how,

"{N‘gw’   {nan of ‘ea/nsiderable V
“   see; hive got..”y

NEVV NICK CARTER M VVEEKLY. 13

“Very good. I wish you to listen particularly to
everything that is said at that table, both at the time you
deliver the message and after it; for if Mr. Carroll rises
at once and crosses the room to me, I wish you to remain
behind and listen to all that is said between the three
that he leaves there. Can you do that?”

“I can try, sir.”

“And remember all of it?”

“I think so, sir.” L
‘ “You are still to remain there after Mr. Carroll re-
turns to his table, and you are to manage to hear what
is said then, when they ask him about it; and you are
to linger near and listen just as long as it is possible
to gather any information, and then you are to bring it
all to me. Now go.” .

The waiter bowed and departed. He was intent upon
earning that ﬁve dollars, and Nick was aware of it.

To Clarice the detective said, as soon as the waiter was
gone:

“N ow, Carmen, a word‘ of warning to you.”

“Yes.”

' “You see how fortunate it was that I questioned the
waiter.” _ ,

“Please go on. I don’t quite follow you; but I am
trying to do so.”

“You heard him say‘-that it was the discovery of your
presence, didn’t you, that was the first sign they had of
our presence here?”

"Yes.”

“And you know that the message was sent to me--as
Santillos‘ ?"  *

“Yes.” ° "

“That proves that the man who calls himself Carroll ,
has seen Carmen Glenn since you saw her this after-
noon.” . ‘

“Oh! Do you think so?” ‘ I

"There isn’t the slightest doubt of it. Now, I shal V '
not attempt to introduce you to him when helcornes. _I i
might pu myfoot in it very badly if I did so, for the ‘

tact rema _ that I don't in the least know who he is. V

I shall not know him by sight until he speaks to me.” , L 3.‘;
“It is a veryidangerous game you are p1ayingtMr.  v

' “Never mind that. What I wish to warn you about
is this.” I . ‘ 
“Well?" , . ' ' - .- . ‘
“When he appears, you are not to’ take any notice of 
him at all, morerthanby a mere’ inclination of the head;,,‘§
and that without a smile. Leave all the rest to  ‘ tit
and to the developments that will follow.” 1-‘

‘fveryigood. twin do so.”  .
. "Has, he»s,tIried thisvway yet?” . ' , »

“Nos fﬂiey small  with the uraiter,

    

' 7

  

  

     
 
  
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
   

..., _..\
 4

.  he should betray you? Supposelhe should

ltintqo do?" .

“It would be funny, wouldn't it?”

t might be worse than funny.”

»_ don't think the waiter will do that. I think I won
‘i {believe that if they are trying on that sort of
,.'.he will tell me about it later on-—and expect a
er fee for doing it, too.”

“The man whom he called Carroll is rising now,” said

“ ad‘. the others-—what are they doing?”
?_f'T!‘hey retain their seats.”
 Has Carroll started this way?”
3. ~ He has stopped to listen to something more that
_  to him.”
  seems tovbe doing the most of that say-so?
‘ ‘C or the women?” A
; ’ women, I think;rone of them particularly.”
M A you know which one?”
C .or)efthis way. The one the waiter said was Miss

“ what he looks like. I mean what sort of a
C is be?”
p like 3 cowboy,in dress clothes. _You see, I
_ _somethingahoutcowboys.”. » t

 to thinkthat you are “something; of a mys-
' ’ elf, ‘and a very eharrning one, too. Looks
 in a dress suit, eh? That sounds ominous.
Santillos. hasa whple Western outﬁt here

‘ Mr’. Carter, he is here." ' i

  bjicieielt a heavy hiandﬁon his..sl\oul-
“heavy, bufnnt uniplea.sant,\voiceVsaid behind
a could obtain a viewéof the manhimself:
C pghasipluck, Juan, and I reckon now
  some, too. V_.Ivwou1d as soon
~,_.a_bun;eh.— uh cattle. in  as to
 ‘Good eveninglmiu. I

  

  

  
   
   
    
 
    
   
    
      

  

 "7 irelf5ar;Jund‘intoa
A nuclei the.  were seated,

 thorn what you said to him, and all that you asked .

7N,ow‘theman Carroll is corningpthis sway, l\'Ir._

7 ".f‘Pafdoe and his wife and Dot. But rats, Loco: what’: 
the use uh bluﬁ'1ng?' You know mighty well that you”

l 5 ‘things that I would like to say to you,"‘and he threw a‘
j signiﬁcant glance in the direction of Clarice. C V

C‘ " "Winn! "Say it right out in meeting-?'.’ ‘ ‘

. l"

NEW NICK CARTER WEEK/LY.

dently intimately known by the stranger who had just
approached his table, while he himself did not even know
the name of the stranger, save that a waiter had chanced
to hear one uttered by others in addressing him casually.

But the name, Carroll, might easily be a surname or a
given name; it might even be a name assumed for the
occasion; but the detective gave himself the beneﬁt of a
metaphorical shrug, and resolved to see the thing through
to the best of his ability, and to trust entirely to his own
proverbial luck to guide him correctly.

He watched Clarice narrowly while the stranger was
taking his seat, and saw, with satisfaction, that 'she was
-—-outwardly, at least—not feased at all. She merely be-
stowed a casual noti upon the newcomer, in response to
his salutation, and then turned her head away, or ap-
peared to do so, as if not in the least interested in what
was to follow.

The man was literally a, big fellow-big-bodied, big- 
boned. big-muscled, big-featured, and big everything §
about him.

His hands were in the way; his feet were in the way;
the tables and chairs in the dining-room seemed to be ‘
in his way, as if he were accustomed to magniﬁcent dis-
tances-—as, no doubt, he was; and there was the unmis-
takable softness of speech about him which belongs to
Montana alone.

There was ‘just one advantage that Nick Carter had
in {the interview that was to follow, which was that he
thoroughly knew his character. If he did not at all A
knbw the party who had dropped so unceremoniously into i V
the ‘seat beside him, he did the man whom he himself
was representing; he knew his mannerisms, his methods
__o£ speech, and, above all, he knew how to make use of M
that wolﬁsh smile which was distinctly .a Santillos asset,
so _far as conversation was concerned.

He made use of it now’; and in a manner which might, “ C

1..

 
    
      
  
  
 

if one chose to construe it in that way, have suggested ' 

that he was anything but pleased by the present en- “
counter? V ‘ l _ ' '
While he smiled he demanded, without making use of
any name at all, or giving'any salutation, more than a
curtinodz ' . n . » e
rs “Who have you got with you? ‘ I have not looked 
around. ~' Who is with you?” , ‘

saw us when you came in. I say, Juan, Pvegot a few

“Say 6n,” said Niék‘coldly.- ,

 
 

“_Yes.” ‘A . » ‘
vto.-a,j rn . be ’
 aoiniglityi well,fI-‘won’ ‘

  

 . :’If[iI1,didn’t   C ‘
 -JW

 ..'>.,&‘.  ,‘;.._,  ..\l.‘ I‘,  ; .. V

NEW

  
  

»“What game?" ,_‘
. V “Coming here the way you have-———and bringing her
with you ?” .

, ‘ , He half-turned before Nick could reply, and added,
5‘, addijessing Clarice: 4

  ‘fl -hope, ma’am, that you’ll pardon me if some of the
  I say strike you as being a leetle personal; but
 I'll tell you that Isure am plumb amazed to see you
9‘ here. Things have happened today which I don’t s’pose
you know anything about, and which makes it seem a
E little bit strange that Juan should have brought you to
 this place to‘-night. I s’pose, ma’am, that there are lots
 of people who are in the habit of coming to this place
"' who know you by sight, ain’t there?” ‘

 Before she could reply, Nick interposed.

“If it’s all the same to you,” he said, “we will conﬁne
 the conversation between ourselves.” And again be per-
 Initted that wolﬁsh smile to glisten across the corner of
 ; table upon his unknown companion.

‘g The man scowled, as if he did not at all relish the air
. of superiority that Nick adopted, and for an instant N iclg
.~..-» thought that he was on the point of resenting it; but he
f replied coolly: A ~ ,

'7 , “Ithink, Juan, that, under the circumstances, I have
. got the right to ask why the devil you are here, anyliow—-
with her?”

.7"Because I chose to come‘. That is all.”' _
,‘_7,“Oh, I know well’ enough that you have won the repu«
tiationof doing iocoede things; but you can bash me if
54 this  don’t sort'uh take the department store for mine.
".*<i{if3\§I’hht’s the game, Juan?” '
§5“‘:’ “What are you here for?” demanded Nick, ignoring
' 'e_  He preferred to ask questions rather than
answer them, although one course was just about as
ﬁllediwith danger as the other, so far as he was_ con-

 

  
 
 
 

 

 
 
    
   

    
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
   

at?‘

   that you'd ask that first off. The notion
,  that’: all. We just happened to think of it, so
"9;  We're: gol.ng~frorn here direct to the station,

3; q_...: -,{.'‘.,f‘'”  I.’ K . l..‘.,  ., 1" ~~
=2  youpare, eh?’ Do you think that is wise?” ,

"5 A as wise as ‘any,other_course.j ‘We're a dinner-
 “we'..> What‘ are’T”y<_>,x1,.g_o,ing to. do? ‘ _Your
M  isn’t earryingout what you said, you were
. to ‘ '

 
  

  you-. as going’ to take that train’,
'  plpns were o.ltered.’’- .
this“play.’of yours, Juan”, , ' ~ ~

 in the way. that
<l°:se;ja,f.h¢.l-had actually

  

      
  

r J I  iaﬁséh. which ﬂay, Vailtereld my has got to say for the present.” .



  
 
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY. I5‘

laughed, while he said, with distinct admiration in\his
tones:

“You’re about the coolest devil I know, Juan.
what do you want me to do ?”

“Precisely as I told you in the beginning.”

“But what is the use of going to the house with the
carriage at two o’clock if you are not going to be there?
VVhy don’t you turn the seﬁorita over to our care here-
and now, instead of going through with all that rigma-
role-——”

“Don’t you think you are rather exceeding your pre~
rogatives?” interrupted Nick coldly. .

“No, I don’t. You told me to talk out in meeting, and
I’m'doing it. I beg your pardon, ma’am, but I’ve got
to say a few things pretty blooming plain before Juan
and I understand each other.”

Clarice nodded, and he turned to Nick again.

“With all the things that have happened to-day,” he
said, speaking with deliberate meaning, and with a man-
ner that showed that he had no fear whatever of the sup-
posed Juan Santillos, “with a killing and an abduction
in the air around us, and with it pretty generally known,
or guessed—which is the same thing—by that Carter fel-
low that you are it, it seems to me, Juan, that you ought
to resign the captaincy of this here outﬁt for the-time
being, and transfer your authority to somebody who has
got a few brains left to use. If you want to go an’ tie
a slipt-knot to poke your own cabesa into, it doesn’t fol-
low that we all want to bunch our heads together inside
of it; not by several dam sites———which isn’t a swear word, ‘
‘miss, being only a ﬁgger of speech, meant to be some-‘_ 
what emphatic and referring casually to a spot where.‘ 
they build sawmills.”

He started to his feet then. .

“I’m going back to the others,” he said, with some heat
in his voice. _

lNicl< nodded his head in acquiescence. ~ ,
. “And we’re going to light out uh this, instanter.”

Nick nodded his‘ head again——and smiled. _ ,

“Oh, you needn't show your teeth, Juan. I’veseen ’em’ '
before‘, and I ain’t in the least afraid uh your snarl,-if
some folks are. I'll keep up my end of the contract?-
you. know me;‘but I may as well tell you here and now .
that if anything comes of this foolishness uh yours,;I’ll
lay you out cold ﬁrst oﬁ, and ask for an ‘explanation 4‘-
afterward; and that, mister man, is all that Bob Carrol! pi‘

‘I;

Now,

He swung on-his heel before Nick could utter a word 
in reply, and strode away cross the room toward, thee,“
table where his friends were seated. I «

“Watch him,” said Nick to Clarice.
actly what-he does}? A '

. ..After a moment she spoke. I J J ’ ‘  j
, “ﬁe has gone  to the table,” she said.  » -1

 
   
    

“Tell me 

  

Le

    
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
  
   
     
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

ilk another moment Carroll was back again, and this
time“ Nick half-turned in his chair, and, with easy fa-
_ ' arity, ‘inquired:

‘fwhat is the matter now, Bob?” ,
,'HI1hlt Coming around, are you?” was the reply. “I
 Juan, when you are as you were a mo-
 ago. I'm not stuck on hearing my first name from
lips, for I have known men to turn up their toes
 ,, ;you’d been a little bit affectionate to ‘em. But
lwfll  all that. If you think I was too outspoken,
forget it. I'll carry out all my part uh the
You can bank on that. Have you got any money
P” i

‘ woneyp?” asked Nick, really taken somewhat aback by

  has got all uh mine, and she’s put it where
exactly handy to get at, in a crowd. -Fifty’ll do.”

n _ at on word of rcmonstrance, Nick produced a roll
- rem; his pocket, counted out ﬁfty dollars, and

M ’Ca1ir';oll‘s hand; and. without‘ a word of
latte again turned on his heel and strode

.,’’i "said; Nick musingly, “if that was a plant."
3” asked Clarice. ‘

t: a trick. Never mind, if itwas, it is now too
.- it. Tell me what he and they are doing

site risen  the table. _ They are preparing
 They are  this way, too, so

'}§o,n:e.;_: oh. what shall 1 sgya". T l 1
Answer fqt1estions.~if_e they are easy to an-
,,  they‘ are  Where. is that
gmemn»  
‘’ gem dart pm
i '5 toward th,efn,', and changc“‘fr<_>m place
  she started. and
swim am»   l e a

g I

' lingers sguinut»'.his%t}ps,¥end seems.
guanine £o;ir:'me.~ .Wh:t can bolus i,dca?". I
_ lie  something which
' that ;‘remalni silent when’
’ i.Jb"that  is lqugstien.

V ' xsnziv NICK ‘CARTER WEEKLY.

 pasetliis table. The woman he called Dot ’
r 3 She is looking at me as if she means to

 people (who were

 He-sis?  me--the»

donot*peruutyoursel£;l _
.:-".'.  ;,  “L” ’ ,  .s

V there was>a -menace in it.:for'lthe‘ ﬂush died» out 93 her

 

}
1

“This is "quite an unexpected surprise, amigo mio."
she said, tapping lightly with her fan upon Nick Carter's
shoulder; and the detective turned in his chair and looked
up into her face, beholding a woman of extraordinary
beauty; a woman with ﬂashing eyes and ﬂushed cheeks,
faultless complexion and matchless ﬁgure, who was gaz-
ing down upon him with an intensity which thrilled him
—and ‘which also frightened him, if fright can be said to
be the proper word to apply to the start which that look
gave him.

The detective saw, in that one glance, that this beau-
tiful creature was in love with the man whom he was
at that moment impersonating; and he saw also that she
was intensely jealous of his companion-—of Clarice—--who, V
without doubt, she believed to be Carmen Glenn. And
he knew that eyes of love would penetrate disgui
which might defy all else but that.

_ CHAPTER VIII.
9 THE FELIOW WHO LOOKS LIKE ME.

Nick shrugged his shoulders; then he smiled; then he
returned the look she gave him,\with cent per cent in-
trcst,jand he murmured something which sounded, like,
“Quérida min,” which is Spanish for “my darling”; and n
he saw that the flush on her cheeks deepened and that
the ‘parkle in her eyes intensiﬁed—-and she laughed
lightly as she turned away and addressed her next re-
mark to Clarice,'still speaking in Spanish. :

“You are daring, amiga mz'a,". she said, “Let me eouv
gratulate you upon being the best actress, in your line,
that I ever saw. One would have supposed; that your
sorrow andfterror of this afternoon were real; but
now-——-—” ‘ *

She. paused, and ‘Clarice, after ﬂashing one glance‘
upon her, deliberately turned her‘ eyes toward a distant‘
part of the rooms _ L ’ r

In the meantimefthc others of. the party had passed.._.
on, and were waiting in the doorway for ‘—‘Dot," or “Minn
Travers,” or whatever her name might‘be,gto- join them, 

Petceiving that Clarice would give her no answer, the
beautiful woman turned again to Nick, and. with ill-.
concealed -passion invher voice. she said :. l ‘

"‘I suppose, Jua-m'to‘.1m'o, that you have a satisfactoryg, ~
explanation for all that has happened to~night; no?  
shall expect one. Andas for this----” , .. r 

 ,“-;Y~'on'had better go,"_. said Nick, interruptiiI¢'- her;

“There” will be‘ time enough for‘ explanations»-all arotmd;

\

     

      
 

     
     
    
 
   
   
 
 
    

.7 b, ‘He made the remark  ‘an’:  
‘xiiﬁuiug. so that theiwonian seemed to understand,

  

‘ liegl-:,s, md‘sne~ said ,,:a;aid:y,._,,in;syaa:s1i:_ e .

awe?

  
  



  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
    

. I will tell you. about it, and you shall tell me-
aer‘ two.” , ‘

nd then she glided away from them and out through
' r into the corridor of the hotel.
breathed a sigh of genuine relief.
_ ‘e11,” he said,‘ “what do you thiiik of that?”
“I ;think," replied Clarice, “that. the lady who is called
  madly. in love with my vis-a-vis; or, rather, with
,tl.,!e‘g"cntleman for whom she mistook him.”
’ “By Jove! Clarice, but you have sharp eyes!”
‘ex “Carmen, if you please; sir. » As Clarice I should not
.  here with you-; as Carmen, I am very much at home,
 very well satisﬁed to be dining with youf Here is
' waiter." »
"The assistant to» the head waiter approached them at

"5’ ell,” said the detective, “have you come for that

fflfiyou please: sir.”
 you earned it?"
“I have tried.”

 
 

 plainly, sir-’—i—g—” A 9
 precisely what I desire you to do.”'
* ‘ C well, sir. In that case, you will not take

«Es

was  trick that you were disposed to
  would. ask some ques-
 »this"’iady to answer. _ That is
  lips so that madam‘ would
was say as little as possible."
 among then; that
"at.   4-to .  here

 here at
that   your-

  

  

,9

A., -;..

 
  

W

  
   

    

'  fist it-4:16‘  Thexi

A NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. was the lady who stopped for a moment at this table

‘, heard efromhim. I am positive now that he 
’ _  led out of town on a hot ‘trail; and therefor

’ absence.”

 

:2
her.’ And after that there was talk about a train that
leaves the Grand Central Station at half-past two in the
morning-—this coming morning, I think. That is about
all that I couldhear, sir.”

“You have done well. Here is your ﬁve-spot. Now,
when the gentleman who came here to talk with me
returned to them, what did he say ?"

"He called you names, sir. Said you were a fool,
and all that sort of thing; said he believed this lady was
doped, or hypnotized, or ‘plumb locoed’; I think those
are the words; and he also said that if he did not know
differently, by the evidence of his own eyes, he would
never believe that you were Juan Santillos.”

“Good. Is that all?"

“That is all, sir.”

“Can you ﬁnd an excuse to step outside the dining-
room for a moment?”

“Certainly, sir.” i

“Go and ﬁnd out where they have gone to. I wish V
to know if they are waiting anywhere about.” ~ f~

“Yes, sir.” : eh 

“Wait one moment before you go. I may not 'lI$‘\?€ ‘I
an opportunity to ask you more questions.” , I '

“Yes, sir.” ‘

“Was there, during any of the conversation you have . 
heard between the parties at the other table at any time .
to-night, any mention made of any person who was not
here to-night ?" ‘ ’

“There was once a mention of a detective,
though there was no name mentioned.”

“What was said about the detective?” L

“I heard only one remark about it. These are 
words: ‘If that fresh detective was only the other fella; I
we wouldn’t have the slightest cause for uneasinelsf. It

 

   
    

  
      
    
  



  

  
   
     

       
   
     
   

Said.'it,”‘ . . . .
' "Thank you. ’Thst will do. Now go and 
what has become of them.” 
When he was gone, Clarice asked: I. njp A
-“What was m‘esnt‘hy that reference to a detective, 
Carter?” . ' i , e  ,
.“I am; afraid that it meant that they have 
captured  I sent him out this afternoon 

suit of Saiitillos. He has not returned, and I haiegqgt

  

      

  
    
 
  

is but one reason to which to attribute his I,

~ “And that “isithat 1.. hits fallen into 
,u.Yes"t9 I I V.  g » V‘ . ‘‘
.i‘M87iiI

 
   
 

   

    

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  

-.«»-“.'.I'here might be complications,” said Nick. “But I
hardlylthink it is likely.”

.~.“.W'-hy not? They seemed surprised to see you—him
_‘——.-here; and yet. they also seemed’ to regard it as quite
I characteristic of the man. If that is so, he might really
come3here.”

_ V if‘Another question. I don't wish to seem impertinent,

"but-—-—”

“You are not at all. Ask what you wish.”
"Why do you permit them to escape? Why do you
 attempt to follow them, to see where they go? It
‘cannot be a very long time from now until they will
meet the real character for whom they have mistaken
4 you, and it seems to me that you will be in danger after

that ‘happens? . I
 The detective smiled. I
7*-“I_ could have made nothing by following them at
.'j6nce,” he said. “Besides, I ‘already know that it is their
{intention to go to the Grand Central Station at two, or a
after. But, as a matter of fact, I took still better
epféhiutions than that.” ' ' I

, “Will you tell me what they were It” _ ,

. -,“Oe_rtainly. Do you remember that while we were
' strolling. through the corridors, before we entered the
 I stopped you for almoment, while I talked‘
rather earnestly and in an undertone with a man we

't man is the chief of the /house detective force.
 very well indeed. - We often do favors for
 . .. ‘ I had only to speak to him to be recognized
 yo” ~ .
:.*1_~_u_;sdcr's¢an¢ Well?" A V
~-~  said to him when we stopped beside him was
 am Nick Carter. I am’ going with this lady into
 If you should see me engage in con-
_V.-with anybody who stops for a moment at my
or if ‘I shouldtpass to another table, to converse
4- any person, will you have one of your best men, or
 ifneoessary, keep tabs ‘on that person, or
-iavrae, so that I will not. have to',lea’ve the
Heuaidhewjguiddose." ' . ‘
was  on your part.”' .
was seated here at the table with;us,”
M  “one of the house detective/svstrolled
" ‘€h’uo‘om and  a ‘good look at him: 
 wornnn  here, in passing out, he
'l3lt*:tl!’e;  foran instant. Wait, now.
r the waiter  and ‘he ‘looks as if
 news;;' Irwonld be willing“ to
we threw  beﬁeresrthim be
* ‘I «Well,  ?5v‘rhét;_is'it?v“. 1»

‘I W‘ 1' .=

     

“I don't think he would be quite so foolhardy as that.” t

' now_.

   
 

NEW "NICK CARTER. WEEKLY.

“Indeed, I have, sir. I-—-I have guessed now what it
is all about.” I

“You are not paid for guessing———”

“Please forgive me, sir; but I was so puzzled. VVaiters
have curiosity, you know, sir. Your brother—madam's
husband—is out there, sir.” .

“My brother! Madam’s hus Oh! I see!”

“You understand, sir, now that I have guessed? They
are telling him about it; that you are here, that madam
is here; that there is a train to take; that ”

“Shut up! Do you mean that there is a man out there,
somewhere in the corridors of the hotel, who looks like
me?”

“Your very image, sir.”_

Nick grinned, and~Clarice smiled. She saw the humor
of the situation, too; and she understood the “guess” that
the waiter had made. -

“Where are they?” asked Nick.

“In the Persian room, sir.”

‘‘All of them?”

’ “Yes.”

“What were they .doing when you left them?”

“Talking together very excitedly, sir.
appears‘ to be the coolest one in the lot, sir—-unless I
should mention Mr. Carroll, sir.”

“Exactly; Mr. Carroll. He is evidently to be reckoned
with, and he will not be an easy customer to handle. In
th?‘ Persian room, eh? That will do, waiter. You have
earned your money. I may want you again some time.”

The detective turned, then, to hiscompanion.

“Come, Clarice,” he said, rising. “We will go to the
Persian room.”

“To face them all, Mr. Carter?"

“Yes-—if they are still there. And, Clarice, you will
need every whit of your courage and presence of mind
Come."

 

-—-——-at
c

CHAPTER IX.
NICK cum-:3 PLAYS A smono HAND.
, They hastened along the corridor toward the room in

iquestidn’, for the'de'tective’was determined now not to

mince matters at all.. If he could but get there before
the real Santillos withdrew and made good his escape,
Nick intended to place the man under arrest at once, no
matter who or how many stood in the way of its achieve~
rnent. . ' "
‘ But when they entered the room quickly, Santillos was I

' not there.

.1-Ie /had,’ in the interim, made his escape; and the others

of hiisbparty were jug in the act ofleaving the room,‘ ‘ if
'yheaded once more in the direction of the dining~room.
’Fo'r,_:an instant they were thrown into some appearance ‘ I

of consternation atfthe sudden, appearance of Nick Carter,

and, .ba_rto,,aee»ihagy agaiuvwag evidently  

c

\

     

Your brother "".

6 _

     
    
  

    
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
    
  
 

V ‘I hastily made plans; for, on the instant they met,
— woman who had stopped at Nick’s table, and who
a ﬂashed her eyes so magniﬁcently upon him, hastened
orward and seemed almost to throw herself into the
eteétive’s arms.

. “We were just going in search of you,” she‘exclaimed
:1 English.

5‘Irtdeed,” replied Nick; and he understood now what
the game was to be. They were to appear to accept him
ﬁlfhout question for what he represented himself to be;
ihey were not to let it appear that they had encountered
  Santillos;,and they were to lead him into some

pgwhich Don Juan had already gone to prepare.

But forewarned is forearmed.

; Nick was, under the circumstances, quite willing to be
4 .. for he realized now that no time could be lost in the
rescue of Carmen Glenn. J V * i

K, es,” continued the woman. “We came in here to
till: it over between us. ~ It seemed‘ so very strange, after
I that has happened to—day, to see you and Miss-and

‘veeiwere quite ﬂustered.” A I . “
7can“well understand that," said Nick. _,

“Do you think it necessary, ‘Juan, that we should
rate again? Can we not ’ remain together now?”
_’hy, certainly}? ‘  - _ A »

_ ’And don't you think,” said Carroll. stepping quickly
‘ djand interposing his huge body almost‘ between

i ‘ 'ghty~ sudden? To my mind’, it ain’t safe here.

is too much at stake.” ' . -

 shrugged his shoulders exactly as Santillos would
ithadihe been there. . V

; V  contented to remainwhere I am--until it

 to the train,” he said easily. “They per-

 this room. do they not ?.”

 Tcigar withoutpwaiting for a reply; and

“  ‘woman of theparty-’-the one who had

in pan in=.t|2¢ prdssedins thus far-stewed *9‘-

 
 

  
   
  
  

   

 halved:   cigarettes. Senor

 

for X be remembered
la .3 ‘Splugiard, rarely

4* companion-—in the dining-room that "for the time

 and.-Niclti. as‘ if_he, ihwgllt 3'“ might 83)’ I
_'  too /much, “that we had better light out ‘uh.

I 8.3ﬂé¢,I T3l'9lYa.if—5V°'= ' pportiéres, thus being concealed for-',a moment iron‘! 

 view :5: arm who inightsbel traveriing‘ the 

  to her hegaddea :. “Don't be  at .

A earqiulhfyqs   illgtetpettﬁd-T”

 '.~v._ ;_> - - -,~~ * - j ,r _:‘.',-'_"-)‘.n» _> ,~ l - ~~-_-mg},-_“‘ 7'5’ 

NEW NICK CANTER VVEEKLY. 19

could not forget that this man looked like the man she
loved, and together they passed through the door, leave
ing Clarice alone in the Persian room with three people
who were for the moment, at least, her deadly enemies.

Nick, who wished for a few moments yet to carry on
the part he was playing, bent toward his companion as
they walked side by side, and he said to her:

“You should not look at me in public as you do, cam
mia."

“No P” she laughed. “Why not, pray?”

“Your expression-—the expression of your adorable
eyes, is a revelation, querida.”

“You are disposed to be affectionate to-night, Juan.
Pray, what do my eyes reveal so plainly?”

“An exquisite thing called love, my Clear.”

“Ah! Even you can see it at last.”

She turned her beautiful face toward him and laughed
lightly. Then, with a meaning that was not wholly,
plain, she added:

“You are exquisite yourself to-night, Juan.” .

“Yes P’? he replied. “I am glad that you think so. DO. .
you see that gentleman yonder? The one whom we are 
approaching, and who is looking toward us?” a -

“Yes,” she replied. “What about him?” V 7

“He is a friend of mine whonryou have not met. I
wish to present you to him. hlay I?”

She shrugged her shoulders.

“No,” she said. “I had rather not.” 

_“But it is too late now. See, he has already seen  
signal, and, is coming this way. Really, I wish’ you:  
would make the‘ best of it.” — * I .

She would have darted away from his hide then, but
he seiz.-ed_ her gently, although ﬁrmly, by the arm 
held. her; and then theman to whom Nick had drawn 
attention, and who was in reality the chief of the house ,
detectives, stopped directly in front of them. for he had 
seen Nick's signal and understood it, V. »

"Bob,” said Nick, “I want ‘to present you to Mac
Travers. Miss Travers, Mr. Updyke-—-a very, 
friend. Bob, I want a word with you; Miss Travers. may
hear it. Shall we step into that alcove yonder?” ,  -

Still retaining the hold upon the woman’: am. 
drew her toward ,the alcove, and they  

     
    
  
  
  
     
 

  
      
   
      

  
  
  

  
  
   
   

    
    
     
    

therhotel.   ~ I A » .
And then. ’with,delib¢i‘-scion. Nick said: .
_“B9b. will y,eri.,take~tlie’lady’s other arm?» ;

_‘L

  

I. am about-Jto say; cm Vuiu'¢;- however, if. you 

 

    
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
  

is not far from this hotel What is the matter, Dot?
Stand your ground. And this lady whom we each hold
by anarm is an accessory after the fact. I am going
a to leave her in your care for the present, and ask you to

, conﬁne her in that convenient strong room of yours until
‘I can tell you what to do with her.”
I The woman tried to start away from them, but the
 men held her tightly. Then she endeavored to
(scream; but Nick quietly placed one hand over her month,
while he whispered in her ear:
.“If you are sensible, it is possible that you may escape
thepconsequences of what you have done, and what you
are trying to do. If you raise a row, you shall go to
_ ithe station-house and to a cell, instead of to a comfortable
,She,shivered, but attempted no reply; and Nick saw
 she would not again attempt to cry out. i
" “There was also an abduction, Bob,” he continued in
*  same tone he had used before. “Miss Carmen Glenn
asstolen away from her maid,’ while at a department
Tstpre  the city, and she is at the present moment some-
1§here,near here, a prisoner. This woman here between
 also an accessory to that fact; I think before as
..:qiell»,‘as after it.
, ,  madam”—-he turned sternly to her again——“will
‘ii  quietly with this gentleman to a room where, be
if Zrnake. you comfortable until I need you, or shall I
_  recourse’ to these?” '
He drew a pair of handcuffs from his pocket and held
‘before her eyes.
shuddetied.

e._no.puo! Not that l" she breathed, in terror.
 then? Will you go quietly?” '

is an cl¢vat_or<directly around this corner., Mr.
N  conduct you by that way. But now-before
¢s~;them is a question which you will do well to’
‘:9 z -
question?” she replied. “I thought you knew
'  "You are Nick Carter, aren’t you?”
” .hut'I ‘do’ not lnnovdeveryfthing. You will do
 to the question I shall ask you-—
‘to , 1): the consequences of that part you
in the murder of Richard Glenn!’ ‘
 no part whatever in  You know,I did



s_y ~ 1 ~~,.«rﬂaa7na know ..., such thin"g.’’, ,
A "word I  Nick Carter,” she

tail, ,“1. did} not  you told . it ' gm
 I knew that
  he diedlizrfgliis ; but I
*"¥:“ ,..‘thedied£ihiu&so;i;»-

  to speaking with 

NEW NICK’ CARTER WEEKLY.

I
I

‘Santillos in his presence, and the shock of threats that
Santillos made to him.”

“I believe you,” replied Nick quietly.

“Thank you. It is the truth.”

V “I will tell you, then, for your present information, that
Santillos stood in the doorway of the old gentleman’s
room, and from there threw a knife so that it pierced
Richard Glenn’s heart.”

“I did not know it.” '

“I have said that I believe you. I do.”

“I thank you again.”

“And now, if you would save yourself many unpleasant
consequences, will you answer the question I will ask
you?”

“What is the question?”

“Where has .Santi1los
Where is she at this moment?”

Dolores Traverso——that was her true name—started
and turned a face ﬁlled with surprise upon the detective.

“What do you mean?” she demanded. “Are you
crazy?” i
,7‘ “I mean what I say. Where is she?”

“She is where you left her—back there in the Persian
{room with the others.”

\'~ “I understand you now,” said Nick, an_d he smiled
broadly. “But you are mistaken, signorita. That young
woman is not Carmen Glenn. She is, like myself, an

concealed Carmen Glenn?

' impersonation. You knew that, did you not?”

“No. None of us know 'it.” _
“Don’t try to deceive me, seiiorita. It is not yet ﬁfteen
minutes since Santillos himself was with you all in that

room. He must have told you of the deception.”
"But he did not._ He did not know that there was a
deception. He knew who you were, for once before he
1 said you had disguised yourself’ to look like him; but he
thought that in some manner you had rescued Carmen,

and that you had brought her here with you. He has p

gone now-_-——” She stopped.
“Yes?” said Nick. “He has gone now-—for what?”

“To ﬁnd out how you did it. To meet us at the place 

where we were to take you. To‘ prepare to make you a ’

prisoner, and to again secure possession o£’—- Oh!
,'wlzat am I shying!” 1 ‘

You are telling me-———”

“You are saying exactly the things you should say‘. ;

?‘I am  my friends. I am betraying him! 
 s  It will not do that--anal not to Save my soul from 1

    
   
  
   
  
   
 
    
 
   
  
   
     
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
    
 
  
  
  
  

._.y 7., an  ..-r.. -. -y. -_. ,_. -‘.3.

CHAPTER X.
PLAYING wrrn A wonMAN’s LOVE.

.  was very beautiful as she stood there with her
Qhalids‘ clasped together, facing the detective, and Robert
iiUpdyke was visibly affected by it.
“The lady who is here at the hotel with me is not
,Ca_rmen Glenn}; said Nick again. “She is one whom I
have persuaded to help me, and whom I made up to
represent Carmen, as I made myself in‘ the guise of San
 Now tell me——— ” ‘

,,“I will tell you nothing—nothing ‘more than I have
‘ dy done."
i“Where is Carmen Glenn hidden away, seﬁorita ?”
he did not answer. Nick tried another tack.

M “Harden me for mentioning it,” he said. “You and I
‘were joking about it just now, but you have some con<
.;;S1_derable aﬁection. for Juan Santillos. Do not reply to

7 now; I do not mean to offend you. .1 am merely
 you a plain truth. It is this: Juan Santillos loves
_cousin, Carmen Glenn. He has loved her since they
engchildren. He—-—” .
 lie! You' lie!” /- ‘ '
“I do not lie. I tell you the‘ truth. ,He loves Carmen

 

Z

a you know that the act will be your own undoing?”
 on are deceiving me. , It is not true.”

'33; We  yoq.‘ It‘ is true. ,You yourself
hlready more than halfygnessed it to be  truth.
 much in your eyes to-night wl1en_you believed
‘I swig:-,:Sa1itil1o_s, and that it was Carnieﬁ at the table
I f Will you let him carry her oﬁ in order that

, . ‘malceher his wife. Wm‘-“‘*~” ‘ . 
_'1‘;ruv,erso was Mexican,-_Spanish._ Her temper
 power to which a spark is applied; .
 into a perfect fury. . »
 “Ten thousand times no! It
M  H9 ‘regret the day that he dared.
 H3‘ .5an......Jf Again she stopped.‘ The.
«   . t‘But .Ii would  believe him
I  ypo. you use the history of

   
  
   
 
   
 

_ as _

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. Santillos.

“Nevertheless, I will tell you a part of it.”

“I do not wish to hear it.”

“You do wish to hear it. You are listening with al‘.
your ears at this moment, and your eyes are shining with
a jealous rage that would be her death--or his—-if they
were here before you at this moment. Do not think that
I am playing with your love for that man who is not
worthy of it, or of any woman.
tice at your hands. Carmen Glenn has no love for Juan
She hates him, despises him, abhors him.
She is at this moment in his power, and you can free
her from it by telling me where to ﬁnd her.

“It is not the ‘first time she\has been in his power.

“Years ago, when they were both children, he loved
her. He stole her away from her home then. He took
her to Europe. He put her in a convent, and until she
was twenty years old he kept her there. He has loved
her all his life—-all her life. He has tried again and
again to make her his wife. He had resorted to force
to do so once, when I rescued her. Since he has been
here in New York this time he has renewed his protesta-
tions of love to her. He has written her letters, be-
seeching her to fly to him; asking her to meet_ him at
this hotel, so that he might at least have an opportunity
to press his suit—and I have no doubt that he wrote
those letters almost at your elbow. all the while protest-
ing his love foryou.” '

“Prove it! Prove it!” she cried.
letters! Where are they?”

‘i‘Here,”-replied Nick, producing them: “I have them
here with me. Look 1”
He took the small“ packet from his pocket and held it

before her; but instantly her hand shot out,‘ and she _i

seized upon them. »
-She almost tore one of them open. She held it to the
light. She began to read—and then, without a sound,

she suddenly collapsed upon the ﬂoor at their feet, sense- ‘

less, inanimate, still.

““Cu,rse’ that fellow!” said Updyke. “I would like to ~

choke him.” ,

“There is something better for you to do, Bob,” said‘
the detective. “Call somebody to assist you, and  (
her to your. strongroom. Theri, if you can, get from i
her the information I want. Find out where they have’;

hidden Carmen Glenn.”

I am striving for jus-«

“The letters I The .

  
 

       
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
    
      
  
 

new
a l Already’ I have been absent longer than is wise.
  getting nervous; but still, I think they would

  I had this girl with me. {\nd she is only a
lift she ?”
A. very beautiful ‘one’!
 Will you look out for her ?"

await up for me, all night, if necessary? I will
' you later.”

i I leave her in your charge; but on your life do
her escape. It may turn out that she will be
‘useful to us." ~ t ’

,  that scoundrel as you did?”
' " _ —’BOl?» thatit would be so under ordinary cir-

o£.‘the__love of any woman; and, second, I hap«
what I was talking about.’ ‘inn fellow has
 because in is madly-.—-crazily‘-—-in love
 and therefore he is fooling this
at turned vsttddenlyirthen, end. without an-
‘  alcove hastened  the Per-l
lIére_“he had left the man Carroll with his
V _caa¢¢. in a,nr_neasure,,a’t—.their mercy.

A   now that they might have
‘ ‘-of  might have
‘nelrall   and.  his absence

   
 

  

ﬂu»

 '  !'¢l..f"witl: :§¢ed,ana es-

A There  a soul there,

 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

xtjto stoﬁand: star‘e:7§or the’

that might prove to be; Is there any reason-why your
, ,  be   ‘loyal to them ?"  
  “To them?; No. Ida not care rorlthesn-charryazéi
 she  herjﬁugerseimternptuozuly. 1 '~

.\, ‘Z ‘V\

“Of course,” he said to himself, “I should understand
the situation better than I do, after what the sefiorita said
to me. They knew that I was an impostor, but they
believed that Clarice was the real thing; they believed
that she was really Carmen Glenn; and, therefore, the
instant that I left her alone with them, they saw an op-
portunity to get her back again into their power, believing
that I had somehow freed her from their clutches.”

He crossed the hall to the entrance from the street.
and passing outside, stood there a moment leaning against
the building.

There was one man there on duty, and Nick called
him to him, and asked him if he had seen the party pass
out; but the reply was in-the negative. No much party i
had been seen.

But there were other exits from the hotel, andlNieki
was about to hasten to them one after another, when he
remembered that the seﬁorita might be disposed toibe i V
of service now, if she had recovered consciousness; and
he hurried to the alcove where he had left her in the care,
of Bob Updyke.

They were there still; Dolores was just coming around; ‘
sli opened her eyes just at the moment that Nick made , 
his‘, appearance. V - T.

“Come,” he said somewhat sternly to U-pdyke. “Help 
me-—or, rather, I will help you, to take her to that room.”

more

But she was able to walk now, with their assistance,
and they hurried her to the elevator and into it, and so :3 .
to the tenth floor where the strong room was located.  E

It is not generally known that modern first-class hotels '
have regular prison cells, and padded cells as well, in‘.
their make-up; but they do; and it was to one of thesefl‘
former, really a large and "comfortable room provided .
for women, that they conducted Dolores. : ' ’ V 

When they had shown her inside it, and she Fha
looked about her in some amazement, Nick said to her‘: '

“You will remain here through the remainder of A‘
night. and you will receive every attention, the same;
as if you were a guest; what will happen to you 
that, "depends upon yourself. Your friends in the Persian 
roorn desertedryou and left you to your fate, whatever ab‘

   

   
 
       
   
 

    

.=°nevhe=1>w.thinkthehai§.

  
     
  
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
 
    
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
     
  
   
    
    
       

T NE\~‘v'
‘Cla_tice?.‘ Who.is~’Clarice?”

 .“§he. is the young lady who was playing the part of
Carmen Glenn.” _

:~‘,‘Hal ' So you have lost your sweetheart as well as I,
.;nine!" exclaimed Dolores, with a bitter laugh.

_‘.Clarice is notmy sweetheart. She is in reality Car-

know? ‘Have you an idea?”

"fYes. _ They would go to ﬁnd Juan, where he was to
await us all.” i '
-,“Where is that? Tell me.”

Will you let me go free if I will tell you?”

‘No; not until morning at least.”

Then I will not tell you. Go and ﬁnd them for your-

i
u

 

W Lwill promise to letryou go free in the morning—
~ ‘after  have captured the others, and rescued Carmen.”

, 1. Now. Let me go now, or I will not tell you.”

“It is impossible.’ You would manage in some manner
ivarn them of-——” ‘ ‘
‘‘‘Bah! You are afraid of your own shadow. I will
' not to warn them. I always keep my promises.
Carter.” . ‘ y ' —

 do_ I. Tell me what I wish. to know, and I will
 nowto set you at liberty at ten o'clock in

~ Let. me go now or I will not tell you,"’"she re-

‘   and she spoke again.
ti’ she, said- “If I do not tell you they will
 they;will_ take Carmen with them;‘~‘ and they

ehveivrne, you have  little {time to do all that
. - , X .

.todo.~”.  . '

i’v,_"_”i   _l  train "leaves at half-ipast
’ ..  in via’ The i‘? “°*
‘ , gig‘   think  we would have
 #5 **ie*?ite.1’9!‘?* l" ‘‘.‘‘’i.''’ I
    a l e
 New? At <m=?"'  
"ﬂaw,  free in one ggournyou  tell
I’  qpdyke  set ‘you at
‘ “ .  -is_t_he  I

   
  

  
  

   
  

  
 
 

-- ’Glenn’s maid. Wherehave they taken her? Do you a

 Clarice, whom you have left in their power;

NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 23

CHAPTER XI.
THE HOUSE wnn THE LIGHTED wnmows.

“I shall make a condition, even yet,” she said, stepping
a little nearer to him. '

“VVl1at is that?” said Nick.
conditions I will agree to."

“It is that I be not shadowed, nor followed when I
am set at liberty.”

“I have made about all the

“It is granted. I have no idea of having you followed.”

She laughed somewhat bitterly; then she said: '

“Do you know the house that stands directly behind
that where Carmen Glenn lives ‘when she is at home?
The house that fronts on the "next street below it? The “
house that has been vacant for a long time? Do you
know that house?”

“Yes. It belongs to—it belonged to Mr. Glenn.”

“I know it. It is there that you will find them——if you
are quick.”

“Is that the truth, seﬁorita ?”

“It is the truth as far as I know it. That is where
Carmen was taken; so far as I know, she is there still, 1
We are all to meet at that house at two o'clock-—it must
be almost as late as that now.” 1

“It is one-—very nearly.”

“We were to meet there at two. At half-past two, car-
riages were to come there for us and we were to be taken
away.” ’

g‘‘Where? In case they have gone when I get there.”

“I do not know. It was a secret which Juan kept
severely. o himself.” . A

“But t ere was mention of a train from the Grands
Central Station at half-past two." '

“That'was a blind. The. waiter was listening. While. _
Idid not suspect him, I did not wish him to know too

r’:

‘much. I see now that he was listening—for you.” 
“Yes.” - ' V - 35 f 7
“I have told you all I know. That is the house. The: 

number of it is seventeen. Now, Mr. Carter?” ~  
“Yes ?” h I 
"In an hon”? from now I may leave?” ' 

._ “Yes.” ‘

“Mr. Updyke, do you understand that, and will yo...‘
comply with it?". . V _ V ‘ 
f‘Yé5}"'!¢DliedU1>‘dYke.,, ‘ i ‘ _ _ ‘  

A She turned  to Nick and took a step nearer to

him.    

  
  
 
 
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
    
  

. V I
gleastg the facial part of it before you go," she said.
{willy recognize you all too quickly unless you do—
,_"y9‘g_i§‘h0Uld happen to overtake them.” '
Du are right,” he replied; and he stepped across the
to the mirror. 7
the ‘minutes later he turned and faced her again,
lthough he still were the same costume, his face
‘ face of Nick Carter, as it should be.
 you,” she said quietly. “I wished to know you
' a.re."‘*And then with meaning, she added: “I
3356:‘ rned toward the door, and she called to him.
advanced until she was quite close to him and
 her right hand. 3
‘db you no harm to take my hand in pal-ting;.”
“’“I°had nothingeto do with the‘ murder. I did
51.1385 been committed. Will you do it .9”
s plilickstand he took her hand.
 shevsaid. “Good—by. It -is prob-
 time we will meet-in friendship at least.
his Nalied.
.11 gnu: to ac¢dinpiu:yv‘iyon. Nicki?” he asked.

and as her; and Updyke fol-

gfﬁ
 to  word

It,

  
  
 

  .,  . 
H  :55 J¥1‘l1'¢8h¢.'>,Y¢l._.1ti1;tthe1n.lie

  

 

 weitgas not, and you  need some ihelp.”V _p M
the‘ detective. . "pcsmef along. 1 But em.» ’
 toss:  at liberty at the_endi
‘W  added:  have  

"     "

 and    one inside‘

 it at the opposite side would let it go; but he quickly.‘
. snapped that also with a pairof small nippers, and N i i
V ;he tepped insidepiollowcd by Updylce. _ .
-i _  themselves in the ‘midst of a brilliant

   

“NEW NICK CARTER WEEKVLAXZVT

and even if she does not, it can make no difference now.
She can do nothing to interfere with us. Come.”

“You are a strangechap, Nick,” said the house de-
tective. “You certainly have original methods about
some things.”- i ,

“Yes. One of my original methods is always keeping
my word with a criminal. They ﬁnd it out quite as soon
as bankers and other people-—-and it makes them quite
as apt to keep their’ promises to me.”

They hurried to‘ the ground floor. They found a be-
lated hansorn at the door, for Nick had not detained his
automobile at the hotel when it took Clarice and him

there, earlier in the night.

To the driver Nick gave the address, and they were
whirled away as fast as the horse could well travel.

The house, when they approached it,‘ was alight from
top to bottom. Every‘ window was illumined, and Nick . e
stared at it in wonder. T i
_ “That is mighty strange,” he muttered.
i “What is strange?” asked Updyke. T
L .“Tl;.at they should have lighted up the ,.house like that. “
szaagfiche house has been vacant for months——-almost a l 

. yveaf, in fact. -It belonged to} Glenn. He was an ec~

centric, you know. For seine reason he did not let it 
lately, although it is fully furnished from top to bob 
tom.” . f 
‘fBut he seems to have let it now-.-or his agents have
eloneso." M 
They were outof the hansom by this time, and Niels
ascended the steps at a; couple of leaps; but when “he .
had placed“; his hand upon the button to press it, he, it
stopped. “ V pi «
He waited untifthe hansom with its rubbcritires and
rubber-shodi horse had disappeared noiselessly up the
street, andithen, clisdainingthe hell, he drew his pick
loci: from his pocket and attacked the door. V 5
In a moment he had it open-was iar as the chain upon

  
      
    
 

   
  
   
  

  
   
    

- , . .

   
     

illuminetionyfprpit seemed that _ev¢1'Y “Slit in the ho

 
 

than tliati,-one fact there was 
f -iAVThyim£&%ed¢'bﬁ not a sound  the
‘ terior oftlle.hmise, and iﬂﬁ‘-*3-3ﬂ3’.vNig:k had the lee? i
it him ’   

   

     
 

      

   

i

  

  
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
     
  
  
  
   
 
  
    
 

 

i“Stay here and guard the exit,” he said’ to Updyke;

then“ he sped forward up the stairs to the second
_  thence onward through the rooms, one by one;
a- - up the second ﬂight and into more rooms, and so
to the top of the house.

Everywhere there was evidence of recent occupancy,
nowhere was there a human being present, either
_d or alive; and he descended again to the ground
W W and to the door where he had left the detective
the hotel. ‘ '
 have gone,” ‘he said. “Wait here yet a mo-
A longer.”
  ‘down the stairs to‘ the basement; he went
y it from end to end; he descended to the cellar
started to do so‘ when he halted in dismay, for
y belowqhim at the foot of ;the stairs at small ﬁfe
burning on the cellar ﬂoor.
  instant he -saw what it was-——w'hat it‘ meant:
he leaped down the stairs at a. single bound, and
= instant had scattered the {ire right and left.
.3xi'mutes more iﬁwould have reached the stairs of
at ‘there, bound. ‘firmly to, the,staii-{ivayygso that
possibility! ‘(ii iesicagpie, was MChicl‘:_. E '

 a   he must surely have
 ‘:9 death if rescueihad not arrived just at

r ‘ sniy,alma1.ne‘ac:m cut him Iooseyand then
eliminate’ all signs of a ﬁre; and then the as-
ther wcﬂkllf followed his chief to the basement

    

  “Are you able
 t ?” ‘ ' 1 ¥_ ‘

 
  
 

1 ya‘ «3,

 
 
 
 

.#=fiW

K e fa:-iiuntl his?  abéve

5

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

' on the Erie.

 he was;   had  _

that’ iflhieltyl  ‘
  he“ Vbody ta ya“ at on¢s.»”~ W ’ ,  
 will haveto dothe. of this business alone?’

,   

25
“Do you mean to say that he deliberately did that,

Chick?”

' “Sure. He came back alone after the others had left

me, and he laughedin my ‘face. Then he told me that

 they had been altogether too easy with me, and without

a word of what he intended to do, he drew the edge
of a sharp knife across my ankle, and then stood watch-
ing me, with that wolﬁsh smile on his face, until he saw
the blood ﬂowing._ Then, with another laugh, he went
away. But Nick, don't mind me.‘ I’ll be all right. You
have no time to lose.” 

“Why not? Do you know -where they have gone ?”
“Yes. Santillos must have money to burn.”
“He has. What have you to tell? Be quick.”

“He has hired a specia1——-an engine and a Pullman--
He has engaged engines all the way 
through. The ear is side—tracked over at Pavonia, in W 
Jersey. It is to start the moment they arrive, and sthejfi A
are bound for Mexico.’~’..
“Who is with him? Quick.”
“Two men--one named Carroll--—— M V _
“Never mind the names. Two men, one woman, had
Carmen-—i--—-” e‘ ﬂ
y“Agnd two Carmens, Nick. Who in the worldyisgﬂiati ,
other one ?" V M '
f‘Never mind now. Is that all i’’,’ g .
"Yes; I don’t know how they left here; but I _
know that a tug was to take them from the footioi
Thirtieth Street to Pavonia. The tulgyhas been waiting
sineelrnidnight, so I heard them say.” i W be
“And how long have they been: gone from , her_e,.
Chick?” % y f ”,.'
“I don't k§lOW.'- I couldn't tell’ much about timef, 
seemed to be about a year to me, but I suppose it is
about half an hour- No more than that.“ W W _ V
“Wait here where you are, Chick.‘ I will satay,’ “

' 331.’

 
   
   

 
     
  

    
   
     
  

     
    
     
       
  

1 _Nick cnmeaiaaa up the  ‘y 
."Chick is   needs you." he said 
U'pdyke.f  ,  care? of him.

    
  

      
 

 
 
  

  

a He  of  and gone berm 

 

  

1-A:~theeeoru¢r E1 in

     
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  

=26

Vi“Run your horse to the foot of Thirtieth Street, west
‘_ side, and I’ll give you ten dollars,” he called out to the
* 3 astonished driver. “Run 1"
..  {And the horse did run. He was a good one, too, and,
I ran well; but, all the same, he could not go fast
enough to overtake those who had half an hour start
A of them.

——-——u—. I

CHAPTER XII.
“BILL,” on THE ,M0'l‘OR_-BOAT.

,_ Thirtieth Street and the North River, as all New
Yorkers know, is the old Hudson River R. R. Station.
5 There are ‘still facilities there for the-landing of tugs,
‘héfges, and all sorts of river craft at the piers; and it
 is and probably will ever be a resort for river tugs.
‘T he detective did not entertain much hope that he
could overtake the ﬂeeing party before they embarked
nbﬁonthé tug that had been hired to be in readiness to
‘transport them over the river’ to Pavonia, which is a con-
siderable distance below that point on the oppositeside.
 what he did hope to ﬁnd was another tug there,
 ﬁre up and steam in its boiler, which he could hire
g him over. ' ‘.
3was just a possible chance that he would find
 a one’; a merely possible chance, and that was all.
3.3  was a chance that he was obliged to take, be-
 ,  that it was utterly useless to attempt to
:the ferry at that hour of the night. Ferry-boats
 gd.,bt=',operating.only at irregular intervals, at best,
thﬁegprobability was that it would be an hour or two»
We he could get. across in that manner. I
 a delay as that would be fatal. L
  train would already have started for the
i  , although he might succeed ingheadinguit oi?
”  , there was doubt that heiwould ﬁnd the
V83»  if hgdid so, for now that they knew
  been ‘in part discovereclvand that they
 be pursued they would nresortto every
 as  their escape into Mex-
palabiyi  their special/by stealth‘ on the

 

I  a‘¢&g-——--_'” ‘’ _‘ V .
 .  nws=*lmmy*m he mightstiig,
7*?-1» The’ start¢'1:s=n'd yet.

. 7 M I  uncertain

  
 
 

V I'd riust‘ns’ soon do you a favor‘ as anyiman I know--
and H x I I it I ’

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

there are a hundred and one small details which have
to be attended to before it is safe to let them loose on’

‘ a trunk—line track.

There is always apt to be delay in the yard, as the

F track section of a railway—station is called among the

initiated.

“The tug! The tug‘! The tug l” was Nick’; constant
thought while the horse was running at full speed
through the street toward the river. “If only there is
another tug there!”

He looked at his watch as he leaped from the cab to
the ground and pressed a ten—do1lar bill into the driver’s
hand. It was exactly two o’clock.

“Wait ten minutes,” he called to the driver. “If I
am not here by that time, you may go away without
me.”

Then he dashed away toward the river, and out upon
one of.the piers.

He remembered again that talk he had heard about
the hour of half-past two.

Heﬂﬁgured as he thought about it that the special had
been engaged to start at that time, and that in all prob-
ability the track would be in readiness so that there
would be‘ no delay in making the start, and he prayed as
he ran out upon the pier, that there might be a tug

He almost stopped as he ran, for at that instant he
heardsomething ahead of him, on the water near the
end -of the pier, that gave him sudden hope.

In an instant he was running forward again, and, just Q

as he reached the end of the pier, he saw the shadowy

J

‘l

shape near him of a motor-boat- . 

It was passing the end of the pier, a hundred feet

out in the stream, and with sudden energy he shouted 

to the man, or men, who were aboard of it.

“For God’s sake stop!” he called.
here! It is a matter of life and death, my friends!"

They heard him. The engine was shut off. A voice
called to him.

board P"

.4

“No. Worse,” replied Nick. “Please come here and l .

“Stop and come I 7

C .':'n.ah,.

, 1.
is

"What is the matter?” it said. “Somebody over- ,y

   
   

get me. I am Nick Carter, if that ‘name means any- 

thing to you. Please-4-—" y L
‘ “All right. I’m coming; You can explain when you
get aboard, if that is what you want  do, Mr. Cartel}

‘rm *3“: t%*i°="‘d*e nlr°*:*TW.  99%” . V  I

 

    
  
   

   
 
  
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
     
   
 
   
     
      

H"  was turned in its own length. It came close

)’}‘‘‘if you would do me the greatest favor I could
at  moment, turn your head toward Pavonia-
Erie Raﬂwaywancﬁget me there as quickly as this
« can do it.” _ i

L , she can do it, all right. There is nothing faster

after the laugh was over. “It is about the rum-.

the river. Who are you after, Nick Carter ?”

it  rescue two girls who are being car—
 captivity,“ replied the detectivevevasiyely.

M hi i   I  with you to the end of the

i don’t suppose you have.éany idea wghogl am,

And: you tell4mo.unl_ess’you wish to do

  
  
    
       
      
 
  

light,» which is‘ the name of my boat, al-
um‘  on her ,anywhere. L Some day
 fa favor. of you, and, if I should, thatlll
 . a. See?“ 11  i V

 
 

  
  
   

$331133‘

   

 interest him-

NEWI NICK CARTER wEEI<g.Y.

I ;funny——mighty funny l” said the “ man, chuckling V

out

 B~.ut.ym“‘ mghtujust andgwhen he was just within reach of it, the wheels be

p ,  ﬁgure’ than his (own had’ seized the same, rail on” the;
e  tori‘ to—night. That’1l do as

 .  M   ~ L that he had found what he sought; then he raised
 1them»j,f°,* ,
  who l1ad’ae- .
’ i ’ Atoasti>p‘witha_jerk.c  . g . 
,___‘And in that Nick had pulled the  pg
' and sprangtyinside the g,ear,:enter_ing it just asthe th’

it      had  sol 
g  Ii,  tome thetnselxfes“ 

 

27
of the boat; but that odd character would have none
of it.

“No, sirree,” he said. “I’m right glad to do this for
you. I’ll wait here for you, too, if you want. I’d go
with you, only I -daren’t leave the boat alone.”

“All right; wait. I may have other passengers to take
back with me. I wish you could go with me, but————”

He did not wait to finish, for a glance at his watch
told him that it lacked only two minutes of half-past
two. 

He ran up the pier toward the station, for he knew
that the special should be there, or near there, if any-
where.

The gateway under the shed was closed and locked,
but he clambered over the sharp pickets and dropped
safely on the other side; and then he ran on again, and
presently cannoned into one of the night men on duty
at the station. ‘ . e, w

“Where is that special?” he demanded, catching the j
man so that he did not fall. L
-V “Yonder,” said the man, pointing.

 

“Just ready to   
Nick leaped away again.

There was a hissing of steam as he drew near the car;

ganto reyolve, and the car to move forward.

But it started slowly, and he succeeded in lgrasping:
the rail of the observation platform. In an instant he
had swung himself aboard; nor did he see that 

other side and had also swung itself aboard the cargbuv
a second after him. 1- « »

. «But Nick» was already at the door of the car. i L
One glance inside. told‘ him that he was inytiine ‘V

   
     
    
 
    

  
  

right hand and seized the conductor’s signal-cord  _
’ . led it sharplygg; andfthe’ next instant the  

  

“men it , itoytheit ieetto discover‘ _ W”

    

 ,, 28

  

 

 

NEW NICK, CARTER WEE'KLY.

--the voice of the strange character of the motor-boat for Clarice had thought it best not to tell her about it

--say:

“I’ve got ‘em covered, too, Nick; and I'll let daylight,
or electric light, into the first one that moves a hair.”

“Hands up!” ordered Nick sternly, but smiling at the
strange outcome of the aﬂ’air; and then, while this tab-
leau was being displayed, the train crew rushed into the
car to discover why the air-whistle had been pulled. V

The special did not leave Pavonia that night——or,
rather, that morning; but half an hour later the motor~
boat, called the Starlight, crossed again to the New
York side, and deposited at the foot-of Twenty-third
Street three men and one woman prisoners, who were
speedily transferred to a patrol-wagon and conveyed to

. a ‘place of safe-keeping.

And Carmen Glenn, and Clarice, looking like another

‘Carmen, were taken to the home of the former, while

Nickvbroke the news to Carmen of her father's death,

at once.

Bill, of the motor-boat, had still refused a money com-
pensation for his services, saying merely that the day
might come when he would ask a favor in return for
what he had done.

This ends the story for one thing—which is inter-
esting. ,

When Nick Carter bade Camien and Clarice good-by
on leaving them at their home, he said to the latter:

“Clarice, you would make a cracking good detective,
and the day may come when I will call for your serv-
ices again ;” and she replied:

“When you require them, Mr. Carter, they are at your
service.” ‘

THE END.

The next numlier, 527, will be “Clarice, the Countess;
or. Nick Carter's Motor-boat Case.”  61-39’

 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  

ABOUT THE EARLY
NUMBERS OF THE

 

~ cent‘ stamp to cover” postage.

MEDAL LIBRARY
AT 10 CENTS

I50--Frank Merriwell’s Schooldays.
i67——Frank .\-Ierriwell’s Chums.
i78—Frank Merriwell’s Foes.
I84-—Frank Merriwell’s Trip West.
i89—Frank Merriwell Down South.
I93—Frank Merriwell’s Bravery.
i97—Frank Merriwell’s Hunting Tour.
2oi—Frank Merriwell in Europe.
ao5—Frank Merriwell at Yale.
2o9—Frank Merriwell’s Sports Aﬁeld.
2r3—Frank Merriwell’s Races.
217-—-Frank Merriwell’s Bicycle Tour.
225-—Fiank Merriwell’s Courage.
2z9—Frank Merriwell’s Daring.
233--Frank Merriwell’s Athletes.
237--Fnnk Merriwell’s Skill.

V 240-Frank Merriwell’s Champions.
244-—Frank Merriwell’s Return to Yale..
247-Frank Merriwell’s Secret.
25!-—Frank Merriwell’s Danger.

'-—Fi~ank Merriwell’s Loyalty.
2 Frank Merriwell in Camp.
rank Merriwell’s Vacation.
.267-—Frank Merriwell’s Cruise.

4-’ i
E receive hundreds of letters every week from readers asking if we can supply the early numbers of Tip To containing
- w Frank’: adventures. In every one we are obliged to reply that ;num_bers 1 to _3U0 are entirely out of
1 to.call the attention of our readers to the fact that the Frank Merriwell Stories now. being ‘publishe _ Y ‘
Xedel Library are inclusive of theee early numbers. The first book to ppear was No. l50 entitled “h rank Merriwell s Schoolda

We give herewith a. com lete list of all stories that have beeri_pub1is ed in book form up l._Q the time of writing. _
glad to lend 1 fine comp ete catalogue of the Medal Library which is }us_t ﬁlled with good things for boys. upon receipt of a one-

rint. e would like
in book form in the

We wilist;

MEDAL LIBRARY
AT I0 CENTS

292—Frank Merriwell’s Hard Luck.
296-Frank Merriwell’s Protégé.
300-——Frank Merriwell on the Road.
304-Frank Merriwell’s [Own Company.
308—Frank Merriwell’s Fame.
3i2-1-‘rank Merriwell’s College Chums.
316-—Frank Merriwell’s Problem.
32o——Frank Merriwell’s Fortune.
324-Frank Merriwell’s New Comedian.
328-Frank Merriwell’s Prosperity. S
332—Frank Merriwell’s Stage Hit. ' .5
336—Frank Merriwell’s Great Scheme. ' '
34e—Frank Merriwell in England.
34.4—Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards.
348——Frank Merriwell’s Duel.

352-Frank Merriwell’s Double Shot.
356-Frank Merriwell’s Baseball Victories.
359-—Frank Merriwell’s Conﬁdence. "
362—Frank Merriwell’s Auto.

_ 365-Frank Merriwell’s Fun.

368——Frank Merriwell’s- Generosity.
371-—Frank Merriwell’s Tricks.

377——Frank Merriwell on Top. . Ii

— 27!-Frank Merriwell’s Chase.
276—Frank Merriwell in Maine.
280-Frank Merriwell’s Struggle.

Frank Merriwell‘: First Job.
Frank Merriwell‘: Opportunity. V

 

A eframizr i¢,a..!s1~51i'rH . Publishers, new roan on-

A1‘ I! CENTS. (Increased Stu) ‘
38o—Frank Merriwell’s Luck.
383-Frank Merriwell’s Mascot.
386-—Frank,Merriwell’s Reward.‘ %
389-—Fx-ank Merriwell’s Phantom. 7

Y .

    

374-—Frank Merriwell’s Temptation. ‘

 

   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
    
   
    
     
   
  

T heLN ick Carter‘ Weeldy

ISSUED EVERY SATURDAY. HANDSOMEST COLORED COVERS

x ‘T?

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
?esting. Nick Carter has ‘been all over the world and has had experi-
‘ence with all kinds of criminals. .

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one's interest from cover
to cover.   There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up——he does not need it
the uses his Wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your
A PRICE FIVE CENTS PER com!

 by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE AREITHE LATEST TITLES:

T ﬁthe Scenes; O . , plex Case.

 Letter From..the Dead; or, Nick Carter's Proud- 522-—-—The White Arm of a Woman; or, Nick Carter’;
' E  est Moinent. _b ' t . ~ _ Desperate Chase.

38.re~.-faced Jimmy. the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick 523——The Man in the Doc_>rwa_v ; or, Nick Carters Con-
*CaI'ter’s Amazingﬁxperiment. quest of a Castle.

and the Haunted House. Strategy.

‘Great Train Robbery Case. ter’s Perfect Disguise.

Sto  the f‘Cannon-ball.”

1 Green Automobile. boat Chase.

'  of Fiveelilllidns; or, Nick Carter’s Fight Titled Assistant.
itlfa Fiend. ‘

--a a‘ the Poisoncrtorl. Nick Carter's Strangest the Hidden City.

 

  

. ence. ~ . ~ ,
»'3f'hé»‘iPl9tiof‘the‘*:Poisoner; or, Nick;Carter’s Hair- V Gladiator. «

  
   

   

;t or, Ten-Ichi Plays at Lone ‘covers the Hidden Band. A .
 c’yU

' +

 ‘Nick; Carter‘; Blindfold . F,,st_c,m BM,’ _

.1_»‘

 
 
 

  ‘ _ /A é Fqurfold Prohiem. ‘ E
an  cai-my-'.... Bxogd. . 535-'_I‘he‘Meking of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces 
t   .l. V» , V K .Gteatest Mystery. M - 4. t 

._.'_fh¢ Man of Many?Fa’,ces; or, Nick Carter Behind 52I——The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Corn- in

The Gentleman Crook’s Last Act; or, Nick’lCarter 524/—-¥The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter’slT€lli“8’ » 
'I31e“Skidoo” ofthe K. U. & T.; or, Nick.Carter‘s 525-—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Carl 

 

’Last ‘of the Outlaws: 01‘. HOW Nick Carter 526——A gouble Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Strong~hand'l
 7 ~ lay. S , 
Hick arter’slTwin Mystery; 01'. The Secret of the 527--—,Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter’s M.otor- 
A Battle ofewits; 02-, Nick Car-ter’ls Fight for Life. 528——C'larice, the- Woman Detective: or, Nick Carter’s 

 

529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter 

    
  
   
    

530-——An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becoxnesla’ ‘ﬁr
l readthﬁaca  53:+—A Blackmailer’s Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis- A
53}a—~Gipsy Madge, the Blackmailer; or, Nick cane}; 

.  , . A ....p - ' ;A,'N'1gc b 
   W‘ Carer.  a 533 a°;2s::.ii::*“  °' ‘° ‘ 

  
  
 
    

Qghdst.  \.Q'a,.m.~s- Des. 534--Idayah. the Woman of Mystery; or, Niclé  O

  

_.”4.
. ?

DIAMOND Dlcli WEEKLY

 

ISSUED EVERY THURSDAY.

BEAUTIFUL OOLORED COVERS

Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
plains. They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker
man and who don't let anyone else do it if they can help it. _

A You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

miners.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 

 
    
  
   
    
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   

A .506--Diamond Dick's Fight For a Girl; or, The Tender-
» foot of Bellair Gulch.

 G507--Diarnond Dick’s Underground Trail; or, The Yel-
. ' w low Demon of the Sierras.

503--Diamond Dick’s Cross-Counter; or, A Big Battle
  for the Belt.

509--Diamond Dick's Good Right Hand; or, A Dark

. Plot in Chinatown.
ﬁlo--Diamond Dick’s Bravery; or, The Three Amazons

. »of the Mojave.
V51:--Diamond Dick’s Double Trail; or, The Apparition

. ~ of the Big Tree.
- gm--Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
 T Steel Glove;

.513--Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
 . Hobo of Death Valley.

514-.--Diarnond Dick’s Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
.» I e buster of the Pecos.

515---Diamond Dick's Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-

Q  ~ chief Man's Vendetta.

536-Diamond Dick’s Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
 Mexico.
5;7_~—Diamond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
. -- ‘ tom Steer of K-Bar-6.

$18--Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them
 s _ Down in a Blizzard.

319-.-Diamond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked
 to the Rio Grande_._

-330--Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot Work
 Along the Big River.
.yix-.-vDiamondyDick’s_Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man
. ‘_ From’ Santa Fe.

Q--Dianne’ \ . nd Dick’s ‘No-name Mystery; or, The Smi-
T  — ling Man's Bad Mistake.

 

HERE ARE THE ‘LATEST TITLES:

523-—Diamond Dick’s Midnight Stampede; or, The
Horse-thieves of the Cimarron.

524—Diamond Dick’s Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of
Adobe Castle.

525-Diamond Dick’s Night Watch; or, The Pretty Girl
of Falling Rock. '

526—Diamond Dick’s Three To One; or, Backed By
Uncle Sam. '

527--Diamond Dick’s Golden Quest; or, The Secret of
Snake River.

528-—Diarnond Dick’s Long Leap; or, Single-handed
Against a Giant.

529-Diamond Dick’s Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash
Through the Big Divide.

53o——Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass.

531-—Diamond Dick’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man with
the Long Blue Scar.

532-—Diamond Dick’s Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
with a Dead Man.

533-Diamond Dick’s Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a Les-
son 'to a “Bad Man.”

534——Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Thoroughbred Pard.

535--Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge-
ance of a Navaho. A

536—-Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy
Sport of Grand Canon.

537-—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt ‘

for a Girl Through Mexico.

538--Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas.

539--Diamond Dick Below the Line; or, An American
Against Big Odds.

  want any back nunibers of our libraries and cannot procure them from your news-
L A A _» they can be-obtained from this oﬂice direct. . Postage stamps taken the same as money.

gs snmi. Publishers, 79 seslentu Avenue, NEW vonu cm.  :

 
  

   
   
 
   
   
  
  
    

E AND BOLD

,—_%

::IssuEb EVERY WEISNESDAV. BEAUTIFUL coI.oREo covERs

V There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
characters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these
fellows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD.

Ehch story is full 3o,ooo words in length and is [complete in itself,
having no connection with any that went before or will come after.
Don't miss these.

 PRICE FIVE ‘cams PER COPY

it   ii. an by all nemdealen, orient, ey llll publishers to any address upon receipt of price in monoyor pump .1"...

is‘ HERE’ ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

Conwayis White Clue; or, Trailing the Diamond ao3—Young Mavepclc, the Boy From Nowhere; or, The Tm-
v * "frets. By Inspector Robert Barnes. _ derfoot Oll King of Texas. By Sam Rusher.
$1-Traded. Across Europe; or, ‘The Clue of the Movmg 204—Tom, the _Vlysrcry Boy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow. ,
‘, I Pictures. By Lawrence Wlute, Jr. , By Robert Reid. '
.3%-Cool Colorado; or, A Cowboy’s Fight for Fortune. By 2o5—Footlight Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star. By Manager.
fi ' ‘Albert VV. Aiken. ' Henry Abbott. _ -
Sﬁ-Captainhlystery; or, The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By 2o6—The Sky Smugglers; or, Gordon Keith's Great Balloon
2 Herbert Bellwood. Chase. By Lawrence White, Jr. -
Iver Sallie; or, The Ehree Queer Pards of Poker Pocket. 207-Bart Benner's Mine; of. The BOY Who Get There. By

 
  

 
  
  
   
        
  
  
  
 

’ By . C. Cowdric Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry. . .
_ v Ranch Raiders; or, Secret of the Golden Dagger. By 208-.-‘Ute Young Ranchman: 01'. Bart Bﬂlﬂﬁf G038 It Alone.
\ By the author of “Bart BerIner‘s Mine.” ‘ . C

‘ Capt. Hal I-lazelton.
Baptism of Fire; or. At the Front With the Japs. By 2I9—Bart Ber_mer‘s Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter of
Nari: Darran. ' ‘ - the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Burner’: Mine.“
Border Nomad; pr. Sharper Stokes’ Double Deal. By 210-.-Gordop Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost win I
 Bellwood.‘ , g . ’ 4 ‘ Animal Taker. By I_.awrence_Whate, Jr. . ~”V _.
are Mallory’: Stru le: or, Friends and Foes At West 2u—Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York. *
‘ Point. .33! Licut. lI‘$f,e€l Garrison,<.U. S. A. By Herbert Bellwood. _ ~ 
\ ?Clo,o' or, Thg_iShark_aa.nd Sharps of New York. 212-_-Under False Colors: or, Die}: Danger-ﬁeld's Mystery, . ﬂy ‘
 1-“wk, ;  . V , » .. Poliee,Captain Manning. r 
. ,;.Qi'.  iﬁoxfﬁlﬁﬂtli Oﬁ Kansas. By Richard 2I3—Ba§:. thhedBcIi:)Iv I)ketecftfi\'e; or, Following 8 Warm Trail. 3; I
. ,;~   : ‘ti . V v . ‘ . ic ar ac sta . ' ~  T’
'  , soy,  14-iraad Water to the 2r4—On the Pampas; or, A Strange Chase Across South Amer I C
11910.’ 5  Ball... A = . . \ ice. _By Lawrence White, Jr. _ _ g  ,9:
mi -  “S claw; or,‘ Solving gpboulilo. Mystery. By 315--The Crimson Clue; or, Dick Dangerﬁeld’: ‘Mission. 
5*‘ Ri¢bI11,H8¢lr:toff.'» ,‘ r_ I. ;"I_ ,. T , Police Ca tain Manning. _ _ , .
’ Giants of'the‘Grldi1'Onr;. 9,3  For the Foot— 2:6-—At the Red rise; or, Herr Dneabach. the Lion King. -31  
Y Pennant. By Frank Mefrriwel ‘I .. . _ Charles H. Day. ‘ 
A elc Elli!-.vlJIeN3'31!§hawl¢ R=90ﬂ¢r:z..._9!'."U!¢ BIEEIRNGWI’ 317""'RIﬂ¢ an_d! Rod: or, A Cruise Down the Lake. 3: Lu, pg
.3 If, cm, T , . . , .

 
    
  
 
  
   

R. . B Robertk d.. . , M I. . 
on y Vaccine ¢°a.l_MimFer.r.et- 8§&—Pards:‘:l'3r. Comrades hr Life. By Colonel Prentiu in-, 

 

A.

....__.........._....._.........__..

    
  
  

  
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
   

..., __._..___..._.._.._..._

.“ ~ IUIIIEIM .}!broriItIId°InII0%Droonrer.hent'l0IIuevIIluleIsﬂIo oelboobulaotlhuntlil
Vwmitheyneeurthabookaronwurudvamuunduiemtoyonby
" i  79 noon» Avenue. New York 0117. ,1 ‘ J I
Oﬂlijgi-¥%§IOI?§n4.....§-g‘.-us-Wnlletir  ‘, ' ' A’ I . .
- -~ mug-ouﬁyoyo . .1--09”“   “U” V“
I ‘not... *;..?..1....... -  , "RAVI no new  -
‘V i i i u  m"l§K>I’l|III[:II n

     
  

  

 
  
 
 

2 .9 .
‘ ~ - I 5.‘? rr
_,  . J . _

   

  

   BIIIiIiAI.0 BILI. STORIES

 

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

—_

BEAUTIFUL COLORED covaas

Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West. i_

Boys, if you -want tales of the West that are

drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE‘ FIVE GENTS. PER COPY

Fl! all by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

 _
HERE ARE THE

‘A r I 278-Buﬂalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
I of Mahoe.
379--Buffalo Bill's Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
= a up in Hidden Valley.
* .z8o—Buﬁalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble

' _ Pricking.
38!--Buﬂalo Bill’s Traitor Guide’; or, The’ Vengeance
, of Alkali Pete.

882--Buﬁalo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of

e T Snake River Crossing.
383-Buﬁalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of
I‘ the Bitter Root.
18¢-—Bu%al<l> ‘Bill’s Secret Foe; or, The Wizard of Windy
. u c .
285--Buﬁalo Bill’s Master-stroke; or, The Specter of
. » Death Valley.
‘ 386--Buﬁalo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
' ‘ gohn, the Half-breed. I
.387--—Bu alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone
 . ~ Star Outlaws.
;a88--Buffalo Bill’s Dance of Death; or, The Night
 V Hawks of Snake River.
.» $9--Buﬁalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
5 . Black Spider of the Shoshones.
map-Buﬁalo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or, The Wan—

; ‘ . dering Jew of the Plains.
.« .391-g-Buﬁalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The
‘ ii‘ Redskin Rovers.
 vat-Buﬁalo Bill’s Medicine-lodge; or, The White

* _ een of the Kickapoos.

“H3-3

  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  

alo Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons of
the Niobrarah. I

   

LATEST TITLES:

294—Buﬁa1o Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on
the War-path.

295-——Buﬂ‘a1o Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship
of the Phantom Flower.

296-—Buﬁ'alo Bill in No Man's Land; or, The Sky-mir-
ror of the Panhandle.

297-Buffalo Bill’s Border Ruﬁians; or, The Desperate
Game of Panther Pete.

298—Buﬁ’alo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Timbuctoo.

299-—Buffalo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
Round-Robin Ranch.

3oo—Buﬁ'alo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the
Niobrarah.

3oI—Bu1’1i’ialg Bill’s Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black

1 e.

302--Buffalo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White
Flower of Fetterman Prairie.

303-—Buﬁalo Bill and the White Specter; or. The Mys-
terious Meclicine-man of Spirit Lake.

304-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men of
Timber Bar.

3o5—Buffalo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
of Wolf River Canon.

306-—Buffa1o Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane, of
Cinnabar.

3o7—Buﬁ'alo Bill's Wild Range Riders; or, The Venge-
ance of Crazy Snake.

3o8—Bui¥alo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustang
Catchers of Bitter Water.

309-—Buffalo Bill's Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the‘

Dancing Dervishes.

h 1  you want ‘any back numbers of our libraries and cannot procure them from your news-
ﬁlers, they can be obtained from this office direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money.

 8: SMITH. Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue. NEW YORK CITY. . 

 

 

   THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

     
   
 

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is, no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

  
    
   
 

  
  

BRAVE AND BOLD

~- Ted Strong was appointed deputy niar- Every boy who prefers Variety
‘ _ shal by accident, but he resolves to use his _ _ _
authority and rid his ranch of some very m hls readmg matters Ought to

tough bullies. He does it in such a slick be 3 reader of Brave and B0[d_
 way that everyone calls him “King of the .

Q‘ wild Wm" and he Certainly deserves his All these were written by authors A
V title. Sioo in cash are given to the readers who are. past masters In the art ', 
J of this publication, every three months. of telling boys: stories. Every
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a , _ _

tale is complete in itself.

        
   
   
   
     
    
      
     

     

.. _____ ' share of it. t ‘ .
MIGHT AND MAIN DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY
““ I’ These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories " " i A

   

tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir- H
climbing the ladder of fame by ably filled by this library. Every

    

honest effort. No more inter- up—to-date boy ought to read just T
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are estab- '
Each numberisatleastone-third lished and maintained on our
longer than the ordinary ﬁve— Western plains by Diamond Dick,
cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY LI

_ _ The adventures of a poor waif ‘\  A
Buffalo Bill is the hero of a whose only name is «Bowery  

thousand exciting adventures Billy." Billy is the true product  I’ "

among the Redskins. These are Of the Streets of New York‘ .No   -

. . boy can read the tales of hlS trials ,

 gwe" to Our boys Only In the without imbibing some of that  ‘ ‘
I ' B”ﬁal0 Bl“ 5t°Tl35- The)’ are resource and COL1r1lg€ that makes

bound. to interest and please you, the character ofthis homeless boy
‘ stand out so prominently.

       
 

  
      

 

 

       
      
    
       
 

         
 

      

  

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean—cut,7 vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

-.

 
       

