    17%‘!

IPCJHGIKK
  WE

 

‘I.
4

IN

siéiihve Ia

 

‘EEFXILR7 3-

Inunl Fatty. By mtseriptzlm 82.50 fcrgwar. Entered as Second-class Mailer at the M Y. Port 0542. by STREET & SIXTH. 79-89 Seventh Ave.. N. Y.

Entered according to Act of Cbugrer: in at JIM?‘ 1909. in tin Oﬂice of the Labrcrieu of Congress. Watkingtau. D. C.

NEW YORK, March I 3, 1909.

7 No. 637.

Price Five Cents._

 

O

The Secret of a Private Room  
,, . p‘ l ‘  ' LOR’
NICK V CARTER MAKES AN EXPERIMENT.

  
   
   
 
    
     
    
  
     
    
     
     
  
  
    
 

‘ l

CHAPTER I_.
A aeuaaxasne came.

ii Joseph ascended to Nick Carter’s study one Sunday
afternoon shortly after three o’clock, and, after having

 card onthe table beside the detective:

“ "A gentleman to see yC_>u. 5515"

 detective turned his eyes upon the card and read

 unmet: “Mr. Algernon Snowdon; and, after ap-

V ently studying it for a moment, he‘ asked without

 ‘ ihishead: ‘.4 _ H '

Well, whamre the particulars?

4%}  any conseguencc, sir. Mr. Snowdon

M mJf5¢t_-la _gen:}eman,. and has something of a

r.ahout'h'm; I should say.’§ V x ‘

.  §iii~.ive at that conclusion: Joseph?”

 gﬁgﬁgtl _: knpxv, sir, save that it .13 the gen-
r‘” “ ‘ received’ when he walked into the

‘ ‘ i11cog;lu;:t¢d”him,..iand accepted the chair

 »£iot:~*-igniaccezit he ‘brought
_   tiling. .  1“
 he‘=’sa¢aI<_t=$ English per-

 lightly upon the door, announced, as he placed.

‘ C011

ent of any kinc},

_Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

“A man of middle age, Joseph?” » 
“Yes, sir; rather under it than above it, I should
say.”
“Well, what more?” ‘
“He has a high forehead and cleanly cut features.
sir. He looks like an intellectuallperson and one of .
high breeding. His attire is faultless, his manners are
perfect, and I should say, if I were living abroad, that‘.
he is a man of position and wealth.” p -‘ 1 =
' “What did he have to say?” 
“He kcd at the door if you were at home.‘ sir.
I told him I would ascertain. He then gave me that
card and did not speak again until I had conducted
him into the library when he rcmarkedas I was about ‘
to leave the room: l "l
“ ‘Say to Mr. Carter that I am a total stranger to
him, but that I have made this call up a matter of
ave importance. c Say to him, if you please. that my
Eiisiness is connected with the death of John Snowdon,
of this city. which happened about a year ago, and,
which possibly he may recall; also that I wish —to_,dis-L
cuss certain matters that have been brought about as a:
sequence of JohnjSnowdon’s death.” , ‘ .
"Is that all, Josephfl’. t  t V
. jg‘?-tsir.’»’hi‘ “  e ,, E ‘  E
E. teiisfint;  l_,w ousay. ‘ _ 1 .=
  «us ’ .    t 
*§.Tell; yl:e.»do~_n"nt in a 5,
  330%  

 

  
     

     
   
   

    
     

 A’ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

room to a mahogany cabinet that stood in one corner

of it, and, having selected a file therefrom, he turned

the leaves to the letters “Sn,” and presently found the
. name of Snowdon. A

During several minutes after that he read slowly
and in silence the entries made in connection with sev-
eral persons of that name, among which were the

n ' -John Snowdon already_ referred to as having been dead
approximately a year, the Algernon Snowdon who was
waiting in the library below stairs for the detect-
ive to go to him, one Peter Snowdon, etc., etc.

At last, evidently thoroughlyconversant with all
the information his ﬁles could give him, he returned
that particular one to its place in the cabinet, went out
of the study and descended the stairsito his waiting
client. ’

Algernon Snowdon rose from the chair he had been
occupying as the detective entered the room and bowed
with all the grace and self—possession of one who was
accustomed to social etiquette, and he remarked in a

' low and grave tone:

“I am Mr. Algernon Snowdon, Mr. Carter; the son

ofjohn Snowdon whose death about a year ago per-
you will recall. It happened under rather peculiar
circumstances and was ﬁnally adjudged an accident.”

“Yes,” replied the detective, “I remember it very
-well.” '

 ., ,‘,:‘Do you also recall the circumstances connected
1  ‘with my father’s death?” A
‘ I‘-_.  did not,’ sir, when your name was announced to
I me; but I took time before coming down to you to
 through my files, and the few notes I found there
M A  back to, my mind every particular regarding
.23‘ '  #38: that was made public at the time.”
 igvqu tell me what those particulars are, Mr.

 
   
 

  
  
   
 
 
     
    
     
     
 

   

  érder that I may determine if we view the
» m  from the same standpoint?"

l5y7g.. gesture that"Snowdon ‘was to resume his
 taking one that faced it, himself, “that it
to the point if you first informed .me,»in
.<_¥G1,V:.w9rds,as;possible, to what circumstance I am
 ‘ybur ‘call, upon me this afternbon.”
 ‘tint in one sentence, Mr.,C/arter.” '

 

‘.;,Vj,e1%y\.rIeIlL,".’-_ _- ' . p_ ._ ..
p  father, aayou know’, was -a very rich man. He
left  him what‘ would be calledeven in this da

Q fortunes, enormous wealth."- e -
 Iphave sounderstood in”, ‘ I 
Mr:
I   have already..i(l§_ld«n1e'ti1at§ Snowdon.”
‘-5 ~ _.



‘Q 1,

  

[bull-r“of that ,toi-_t:;;j_i'c~."»

 
  
 
  
  
  
   

{and ‘chiefest  other

_, '  older',ithan'fI.  

 .' we  mg

 

2  ‘Mr. Snowdon,” said the detective, indica- I

bmthcf ‘and! inherited, ‘orrrather were to in-

d._-remainder or it .was;disposed oi ‘
half-l3.rot_lzer» ‘oi-' my..father’s°I"who hap_- ,,

  
V,’  .e.. 3

“I should say also,” continued Snowdon, “that there
was a letter addressedpto me, as the eldest son, which
my father left in charge of his attorney to be delivered
after his death, which letter commanded me as the first
executor under his will to do and perform certain
acts as he directed them, the particulars of which I
need not explain at this moment.’.’

“Very well.”

“Now, sir, to get back to the one sentence in which
I said I would explain fully the reasons of my call
here to-day. It is this: I think I have reason to
believe that my father’s death was not the result of
an accident; that he was, in fact, deliberately murdered;
and that following upon the commission of that crime,
as a direct consequence of it, nearly two million dollars
in cash and other valuable assets were stolen from the
safe, located ina private room at his residence on Inn-
wood Heights--a room in which my father spent the
greater part of his time during the last several years
of his life. That, sir, as nearly as I can make it so,
is a succinct statement of my business with you to-
day.”

“Thank you,” said the detective, smiling. “I can
see, Mr. Snowdon, that we shall get along famously
together.” ,

“I hope so, I am sure,” was the reply.

“Direct statements," continued the detective, “are
invariably the best form of address between a client
and his professional employee, whether the latter be a
lawyer, doctor, or detective.”

“I quite agree with you, Mr. Carter.”

“Detail, which is, after all, never anythingmore
then explanatory of stated facts, can always be ex-
plained as it arises; and now, sir, I believe you asked
me to tell you what I recalled to mind with the aid of
my notes in relation to the death of your, father?"

“If you please, Mr. Carter.” ‘

' “Very well; my understanding of the matter is that
he was found dead in the private room you have men-
tioned, at or near noondaypof a Sunday, following
upon the reception of some company at his residence
the preceding night. »

“Correct.” ‘

“He was found, according to my notes, seated upon
the large swivel. chair he was in the habit of using at
his desk; he had apparently fallen forward over his
desk, or in dtio ping asleep had nodded his head for-
ward violently; at least a_ long‘, slender, pointed‘ ﬁle of
steel--such a one as is used upon many office desks

~to punctureand hold papers =temporarily—‘—had pene-
trated his brain, and he had" died instantly, or at least
it so appeared,” -. _ .e ' ‘

“That is as I understand. it,”
V “Well, need I.sayJmore,?” ‘

_‘.‘No,_'I _.thinl< not, Mr. Carter.” 5

"My recollection,” continued the detective, ‘_‘is that

; there wasno question at the time as to tlie'éaiise”of

said Snowdon -calmly.

 f:iSher’s.deatlr.’3 «i--  < r""V .1;

3.391810; there‘ was nqurhougiit   ,f, 

     
 

 NEW NICK CARTER XVEEKLY. ' ,3

“I did not visit the house at the time. I was not
called upon to do so; but in addition to refreshing my
memory by reference to the notes I have spoken about,
I recall quite vividly the circumstance.”

“Yes?”

“My recollection is that the pointed steel rod, which
was affixed to a standard Whldh ‘rested upon his desk
and was used for the tempor_a_ry’retention of letters
and other papers, was unusu_'a‘lly long and large, and

‘had been used by your father‘, habitually, f0I‘ 501116.

time.” L
“That is also correct.” .  '

_ ‘flf I remember rightly, I was told that John Snow-
don was in the habit of placing that ﬁle before him on
his desk when looking through his papers. and that
it was his custom to stab upon it such documents as he

' , wished later to sort and dispose of in another manner.” ~

“That is true.”

,  “From the position and condition of the body when
_, " found it appeared-that he had placed the pointed steel
*  directly in front of him on the desk, to Which he
, had drawn his chair closely.” »
 “Yes, sir.”
 "Your father was an old man at the time of his
'1 death; past eighty, my notes tell me ?”
' “He was eighty-three, Mr? Carter.”
' “The surroundings at the time suggested that he
had dropped asleep while working over his papers, or
 becoming exhausted he had fainted; at all events
at appeared that his head had dropped violently for-
"ward and the middle of his forehead, striking forcibly
cf the upturned steel point. held ﬁrmly in place
 its standard, had forced the strange implement of
 through his brain, killing him instantly.”
" “Mr. Carter, that is absolutely a correct statement
fall the circumstances connected with my father’s
death as we have understood them up to the present
time, and as they are still believed in by everybody
lséociated with the circumstance, with the two ex-
ceptions of my brother, Peter, and myself.”

f‘And now you say you have reason to suspect that
" , father was murdered?”
haVe."' . . _ _ .
’ “And you have waited a year before giving VOICC

 

 
   
    
  
    
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
       
  
    
  
   
      
   
   
  

 

 

p 1; suspicions? _
_ My suspicions were never rightly aroused until
 the last six» weeks.’-’, ,

"‘£r‘nI to understand that it is your idea new that
ﬁe" ,  " or pcp V , forced that ‘steel rod ‘into your
 ‘brain, dr‘-plunged his head ‘down upon it while
 ' the  with malice prepcnsc, and with
, ‘o’  '  ‘ ’ l
"is precisely myidea. Mr. Carter.” .
 view of the circumstances do youtalee P”
"91 p ': ._ -

l
I

mm, ’  entirely familiar‘ with
r  .,wliowi)t1ldbe4~admitted‘tothat

*1   believe—'that my father _

 53¢:-m’ eguestionp; by 3/  _fA§_¢ your brother Peter, 

person for whom my father would have thought a nod
of recognition was sufficient greeting, and for whom he
would not have considered it necessary to leave his
chair; by a person who could step up bcsirle him while
he was seated at his desk and who could without at-
tracting notice to his intention seize upon an excellent
opportunity to commit the criri1e‘."

“And you have such a person in your mind at the;

present moment, Mr. Snowdon P"
“I have.”
“Are you prepared to give that person a name?”
“I am.”
,“What is that name?”

"'f‘It is the name of my father’s half-brother, Clarence V

Snowdon.”

CHAPTER II.
A MYSTERIOUS SAFE-ROBBERY.

“Will you relate to me, r\Ir. Snowdon, what the cir-
cumstances are which have brought you to so positive
a conclusion?"

“They are many, Mr. Carter.”

“VVill you relate them?” _

“Certainly; but in order to do so understandingly,
I must enter upon considerable detail.”

“Very good, Mr. Snowdon. The time for detail
has arrived.”

“It=is necessary first that I should give you a short
re'sumé of family histor'y.”

“Well?” . '

“My father was an only child by my grandfather’s
first marriage, but afterthe old gentleman had re-
mained a widower for many years he married again,
a woman who died in giving birth to my half-uncle,
Clarence Snowdon. For some reason that I know
nothing about, my grandfather was never fond of his

second son, who was born only two years prior to the ‘-

time of my own birth. When my grandfather died
he left the’ bulk of his fortune to my father, settling

only a large annuity upon his second son, Clarence.‘

The latter has always lived rather a fast life, has spent
much of his time abroad. and has never been on affec-
tionate or even familiar terms with the family. In-
deed, Mr. Carter, it was rarely that he appeared among
us at all save to make demands upon my father for
funds. I know that they quarreled frequently, and,
in fact, that they rarely met without having a mis-
understanding‘. and that they never parted after a meet-
ing without actually quarreling. So much for the
family history.” " »

“Well?” said the detective.

“Clarence Snowdon was living in New
the time of my father's dea .” '

‘ “were you not. also?” --

“No. I we?  abroad; in,,Paris; I have made 

‘Paris my home 1- many years.

I
e

 

York 'at I.

 

 

  

4 « NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Peter was a part of the time in Paris, but more at
home in London."
‘ “So that you are both in a measure expatriates; is
that the idea?”
“Yes, Mr. Carter.” '
“Well, go on with your story.”
"Clarence Snowdonhad been living in New York
,  about a year at the time of my father’s death. I know
that it was his habit to call upon the governor, as
. Peter and I invariably addressed him, at least once
. a t;l“l\(;;1tg,?”aI’ld sometimes more frequently.”
e .

“He had induced my father to advance. a consid-
erable sum of money, amounting almost to a million
dollars, in some project of hiswhich failed, and the
consequence of it was that an added bitterness sprang
up between them. At _the time of my father's death
-there was a condition of coldness existing between

. them which amounted almost to an open quarrel.” .
—.'r_“Go on, Mr. Snowdon.”
‘fNevertheless, Mr. Carter, it did not occur to me
_ ,, Q to questionthe cause of my father's death, or to sus-
? =  that it hadnot been correctly explained, until six
A  I, weeks ago, when in carrying out the conditions of the
  letter I have already referred to, as left by my father
  the care of his attorney, my brother, Peter, and I,
;. ‘accompanied by Clarence Snowdon, visited _the huge
safe in my father s private room at his residence, to
 it." J
.;'ﬁ",Do'.you_mean that the safe had not been opened
. ’ . . . ' ' 1 ;n
_  time since your father as death.
A  ’:,‘'-Why was that?"
 was explicitly so directed in my father's letter.”
"  mean that it was explicitly directed that the
_ *tsal’efshould be opened on a certain speciﬁed date P”
.‘;,‘>+:‘:1s]o§not; uponva certain date; but at a certain time,
tleﬁendin upon the carrying out of conditions that
weregnia ein. the letter." i
i‘%“Ht've you that letter with you ?”' ‘
"i‘I;,have 3 _c¢‘zi>y ogit. yes.” ' -
 ask you to, produce it presently; just now
‘  ahead with your statement.” I
 with the conditions laid down in the
_1':II’1,y rather, Peter, and myself, with Clarence
 ifdoniand iﬁonimer Green,5 who is at the head
  oihwyérs Ilhave mentioned. met in that
‘ Etootn of my. father’s, to the safe. It 'was

t

   
 
  
 

 
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
  

   safecouldsbecipened unless we four V

“ in 63133 other’: cottipﬁfly to.do. so.”

“one  tl‘lﬁ'OlQl-fashiloﬂgdi-';'IS'riIlZ patterns.” .

 when

«

in fsurrwnded

  

     
 
  

 mat. Mr. Suciwd0n?_.,'lI.do not understand?’ I _
~ alet me  you that the ‘safe ,
: A Iaffair, of~niy'.._;..;1eys

 ,“You“were-bnot to.iktiois:—-iii-’£act, .  _
knowmwhat the ,l_a,8l:it't't1mbe;t, of the mmhutetign nughtj

I
my grandfather, and after his death was supplied with
new doors by my father. The dial of the safe is a com-
plicated affair—or was so considered at the time it was
manufactured——and four separate numbers are required
to be used to open it.”

“That is not uncommon now, Mr. Snowdon.”

“I am aware of that fact; but the point is this, Mr.
Carter.”

“Well?”

“The four persons I have named, myself and my
brother, Peter, Clarence Snowdon and Mortimer
Green, were all appointed executors under my father's
will.”

“Yes.” a

“At different times my father gave each one of us
four, specific and personal directions and instructions
about the opening of the safe."

“You will have to be more explicit. Mr. Snowdon.”

“What I mean is this: My father ﬁrst sent for Mr.
Green and to him made a statement‘ like this: ‘Mr.
Green, when after my death you are called upon to be
present at the opening of,that safe which stands in
the corner of my room, your duty will he to work the
dial ﬁrst. In doing so you will turn it three or more
times completely ‘around to the right, at last pausing
at the ﬁgure seventy-seven. Please remember that,
three or more times completely around to the right,
stopping at seventy—seven.’ ”

“And then ”

“Next, Mr. Carter, you may consider my father as
having sent for Clarence Snowdon, and to him making
a statement somewhat as follows: ‘Clarence, when you
are called upon to be present at the opening of that safe
after I am dead, your duty will be to seize upon the
dial when you are directed to do so by my s0n.—Alger-
non, and you will turn it twice, completely around to
the left and continue on the third turn until youarrive
at forty-three, there you will stop. Remember, twice
completely around to the left and continue on the third
turn until you come to forty-three, then stop. ’ "

“I am beginning to understand you,” said the de-
tective. .

“Next.” said Mr., Snowdon, “my brother, Peter, re-
ceived his directions in which he was instructed in
the same manner, to attack the dial when told to do so
by me; and it was his duty to turn the dial twice com-
pletely around to the‘ right and continue on the third
turn to the right until he arrived at the number thirty-
seven.” , . i

The detective nodded. i ,, .

“My instructions——my personal instructions ‘regard-

 

ing the openingltqf the safe; Mr. Carter, I never re-’

ceived until the letter Ihave already referred to several
tiinss,’ was placed ‘in; my hands by my father’s attor-

“The reascarfor thatis obvious,” said 
;“.Quite so, I.thinlc;’? \ I  4 '

li§:i.t§htil;aftere.your ‘father’: 

 one  to

    
 

  

"NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 5

“That is correct.”
“And while trusting you more than any of the
others, he really appeared to trust you less.”
“So it would seem.” ‘
“Go on, Mr. Snowdon.”_

_ “Upon opening the letter and reading its contents
I discovered there, among other directions, this one:
I was to summon the three other members of the quar-
tet as I have named them, and we were to get together

.- atiany time most convenient for us to do so. We

 were to meet in the private room of my father—the

~ ‘room where he died-—and I was to direct Green to
1 imove the‘ dial of the safe as he had been instructed to
~ do by my father; next I was to direct Clarence Snow-
" V ‘don to do likewise: Peter came next, and after the
three had fulﬁlled their obligations concerning the dial
I was to move it once completely around to the left,
and, beginning upon the second circuit of the _di_aL W35
"to stop at seventy-four, after which my directions as
9 "contained in the letter were of course that I should turn
the dial again to the right until it stopped, when the
tumblers would have fallen into place, and the safe
would be unlocked. In the event of the failure of the
lock to act, due to any mistake one of us might have
made in the operation, the effort was to be repeated.
"Brat. Mr. Carter, is all that theletter contained which
 concerned the opening of the safe door.”
, ‘I understand, Mr.‘ Snowdon.” .
.; ' 7‘.At the time of my father’sdeath, my brother, Peter,
',r was travelingsomewliere through the interior of {\f-
‘  on a hunting expedition, and it was not until a
" I months ago that! was able to locate him, at which
_ ‘ lie received the aﬁrst information of his father's
lﬁatlx,-:_nnd of the duties that were expected of him.”

I I that was why you were so long in getting
 toopen the safe,” said Nick. .

. that was onetreason. I was myself ill at the
 father's death, and more than two months
L A before I could come to this country. In the
. ,' Clarence Snowdon had temporarily disap-

 ‘j :11; tact, "you will see, Mr. Carter, that the
fadjustmeiit of my £ather's.estate as directed in
_.let_ter; warnecessarily delayedﬁ’. -
as  not materially effect me or‘ my brother.
 some of;,the legatees, but? we

1-‘

1  than Kat‘.-the"pre?ent_  .
'5 gait}   upon Clar-
ggnggy   I have
.  ,mtteh‘in  of his legacy.
I when-helwas not ‘in need of

   
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
    
 
 
     
    
 

e: , , ‘I

      
      
     
 

 deteetive,1 ,.','the .' delay, the g

V  ‘ have fnothw  -. - V _ ‘ 
yourpmllghere '  was sileuee; fOI';8'~'U®3li(’I¢1"able space  
e  ; ’ tliefwo men after lastiexttéordiutry 

  3:: down. ‘  

“I am coming to it, Mr. Carter.”

“And I am waiting,” said Nick, smiling.

“My father's will directed that a majority of the
executors under it might at any time when they get
together, adjust the affairs of the estate without re-
course to the fourth executor, although it speciﬁed that
the testator would prefer that the four should act to-_
gether.”

“Well?” said Nick.

“The consequence of that clause, Mr. Carter, was
that all the preliminary directions of the will were
carried out by Clarence Snowdon, Mortimer Green,
and myself before the return of my brother from
Africa. You see, I was perfectly conﬁdent of my abil-
ity to act for Peter, and of his acquiescence in whatever
I should do.” ‘

“Yes."

“So now you understand how it was that while
many of the provisions of the will were carried out,
there was one——and I now refer to the clause which
directed the fulﬁlment of the conditions laid down in
this letter-—which was necessarily deferred until my
brother should arrive back here from Africa, and we
four could be togetherat the opening of the safe door.”

“I understand,” said N ick: "but it strikes me that

your father took long chances in the disposition of

those combination numbers."

“Perhaps so.”

“Has it occurred to you, Mr. Snowdon, that if your
brother had been killed in Africa. one of the numbers
of tge combination would have been lost?”

(6 es‘)!

“Or if any of you four had died suddenly the result
would have been the same?”

“Yes.” .

“Perhaps your‘ father made other arrangements
about the discovery of those numbers in case one or
more was lost?”

‘‘I don't know as to that, Mr. Carter; it does not
concern us now.” '

“No.” K

“What does concern us. Mr. Carter, is the fact that
notwithstanding the precaution my father took before ,
his death in regard to the opening of that safe, after
he should have ceased to live, it had nevertheless been A
opened and riﬂed of its contents. some time between
the hour of his death and the occasion when we four

er to open it.” » - -

i

CHAPTER" III.

A eeefiefséts-j

madeby   it_VI'3& broken by 
.lat.ter;,and asked: . ’- "_,( ‘ , cg
Ma=~.<3ar't,.er,»‘i¢Ionft‘_y9u,t,thinl: ‘it .tc,_ _j

a

 
       

‘ Jag, ._. 

 6‘ I NEW NICK CARTER 'WEEKLY.

well to read the copy of the letter my father left with
his lawyers for me P” ,

“Yes,” replied Nick; and the letter was placed in
‘his hands. He read as follows:

“To my son Algernon S nowdon:

“MY DEAR ALGERNON: I will make this letter of di-
rections to you as brief as possible, it being my desire
merely to tell you what course to adopt in relation to’
a few particular matters which I do n_ot care explicitly
to explain in my last will and testament. I have dis-
posed of my property according to my desires, and, I
think, with justice to all concerned. I am fully conﬁ-
dent that neither you nor your brother, Peter, will take
any exceptions to what I have therein directed; but, in
addition, it is my duty to inform you that it has been
my habit for many years to keep locked inside the
safe in this room where I am writing, a sufficient sup-

_ ply of cash to meet any emergencies which might arise
in these trying times of business. That amount in cash
is never less than one million dollars, and at the pres-
ent time as I write, it amounts approximately to two
millions and may be somewhat more or less than that
last amount when it becomes your duty ‘to read these
words. In addition to the cash I have named, there is
other personal negotiable property contained in the

‘ s~ nfe which I need not particularly specify, more than
no’ say that the total of cash and negotiable bonds re-

6 ferred to will amount to the approximate sum of ﬁve
million dollars. This total is to become, when you shall
open the safe, the absolute property of yourself and
your brother, Peter, to divide equally between you after

" two thousand dollars of the amount in cash has been
taleentherefrom, one thousand of which is to be paid
to Mortimer Green, and the other thousand is to be

 pid to my half-brother, Clarence, as recompense for
i  their attendance here in assisting you to open the safe
» ~-rasl shall hereafter direct.
" _ “Inside the inner receptacle of the safe, which is
it known as the cash-box, in the lower of the two left-
hand drawers therein contained, you will ﬁnd a linen
envelope sealed with_wax with the impression of the
ring I war upon the third ﬁnger of my left hand, ad-
, dressed to you. This envelope you will not open until
 .»,it has been inyour personal possession at least twen-
A , ty-four hours, and you will only break the seal of it
 ,. when you are absolutely alone. Having broken the
‘  ‘seal and opened it, you will follow explicitly the direc-
 you ‘will ﬁnd written upon the outside of at second
emvelppecontained within it.
ii “In  will, as you must have discovered before you
 this, I have amply p 'ded for nfy half-brotheﬁ
 and I have deem it wise to provide him
 annuity ‘rather than a stated sum, because I
 if I followed the latter course he would
.  g  baa pauper. and would become a constant

  
 

  
    
  
  
   
   
   
  

 

i ’ , -twycq: with hisrdemaﬁds for money‘ I,
   tlu;r‘e£oa,.co advance him no funds what-
‘   death, iuamruch as I consider the large

for his needs; and as it is to be paid to him quarterly,
he need never, for-a protracted period, be without
funds.

“In giving directions about the opening of this safe
I have thought it best to follow out the course I have
adopted. When you four shall have gathered together
for the purpose of opening it, it will become your
duty to take charge of the proceedings, and in doing
so you will ﬁrst direct Mr. Green to carry out his in-
structions received from me. That done, you will give
Clarence the same directions. That accomplished, it
will become Peter’s turn; and when all three have
acted, then you shall take your turn at the dial as fol-
lows: You will turn it once completely around to the
left, continuing on the second turn until you arrive at
the ﬁgure 74, then stop and turn the dial to. the right
until it stops, the safe will then be ready to open.

“This. my son, concludes all the directions I deem
necessary to give you here, and I add only the in-
junction that you will carefully fulﬁl the directions
contained in the sealed envelope aforesaid, and what-
ever further directions I may hereafter conclude to
leave for your perusal; and in the latter case, such will
be found inside the drawer of the cash-box before re-
ferred to. Fondly, your father,

“JOHN SNowDoN.”

The detective read the letter through to the end
twice, before refolding it and returning it to its owner.

“It is at least a simple and straightforward docu-
ment,” he said, by way of comment.

“My father was chieﬂy remarkable for his direct-
ness in all things he undertook," said Snowdon.

“I imagine so,” replied the detective; “and now, i\Ir.
Snowdon, if you please, I would like "to have you de-
scribe to me in detail just what occurred at the cere-
mony of the opening of the safe.”

“Do ‘you mean at the opening of the safe itself, or
also in theparrangements which led up to it P"

"‘I mean that I wish to know just what occurred in
that room where the safe is located: at the time you
and the others met there for the purpose of opening
it.”

“Very well, Mr. Carter.”

“Go ahead, please.”

“The appointment was made for a Sunday after-
noon. We four were to dine together at my father's
house, and, after dining, were to repair to his private
room, which he always referred to as his oﬁice, where
without more delay we were to proceed with_the open-
ing of the safe.”

“Yes.” I’

I 1‘I carried out the directions you have read in that
letter exactly as my father wished me to do.”

“Tell me just what you did.”

‘.‘I arranged three chairs nearly in the center of
the room facing the safe. I asked my brother. my
half-uncle, and Mr. Green, to occupy those chairs. I
then called upon Mr. Green to carry out his instruc-

tions. He did so, and I then directed Clarence Snow-

 

   

'1. . 1 .

.?;,don to do the same. Peter followed Clarence Snow-

don, and when my turn came I acted upon it. That is

all, I believe.”

I. “Did the tumblers of - the combination-lock work
-at the eﬁrst trial?" - \
.: didxr‘ V I p . . 7 .
‘ “There was , no diﬂiculty experienced in opening

.s~a5e?» ‘ml I’
7-“None whatever.”
, ‘.‘_.Is there not an inside door to that safe?"

,.,Yés.” -
“How is that inside door unlocked?”
 ‘.‘By the use of a key.”
; —?fWhere was that key?”
'» ‘f‘It was in the lock of the inside door!’
3  you know of the existence of such a key and
it oflthewfact that there was an inside door which locked

 

     
  
  
     
    
     
    
  
   
 
  
    
   
    
    
  
 
  
   
  
 
    
  

1

4 it mt occur to youithat there might be some
‘  ‘in getfing’ inside the safe even after the com-
 had properly adjusted r" »

mo, hair." -  . _

““m."n°t?”i ' .‘. ‘. . ,

“Because-Vof myuiamilianty with my father s method-

.  , x . .. ,,

‘.»‘I don’tthirrk I understand you, Mr. Snowdon.

»- ._~3Tﬁnew'=that my father would. have left nothing un-

t‘o"aenom'ptish.what'he had set out to do. and that

'_ given  .eaycpl.icit-directions he would have
and 0bSf3Cl¢.:i1'I"'1ny_"W8y.” . .

V y..;

- 3¢,q,v¢te*d,.:—meﬁ,   the key within the
rﬁklys I did.-” 'i' v  - « 1' ,

.5; you.-»f_;¢hu.:.‘s habit-.to leave that key In that
 l;.m :        »

as I-’unde‘rs_tand»you?';’-at
‘  ‘ ‘_3gg‘gi.;;‘h; opening or the safe 2*.’

I   in —etTect' appointed you
’ -o¢c9si<m. $1151 1t’..not?f’
‘the others as mell.’f *-

V r egig¢’_.—k’ey__.of,_the inside door,~un—

 
   
   

~ » NEW.(‘NICK CARTER WEEKIZY.

 =.w.aa‘,t*hereV   outside door _

' i i “What was the effect dhhjs dis '
. V‘  — -4



from the books and disposed of. Only blank pages
were left inside the covers, and in many cases more
than half of the number of leaves in the book had been
destroyed, or at least had disappeared."

“When did you discover that fact? At once?”

“No; later."

“How much later?"

“After I had proceeded with the examination of the
interior of the safe.” ‘

“In what manner did you proceed ?"

“Well, Mr. Carter, my impression was that my
father had purposely cleared the safe of much of its
former contents. It did not occur to me at the time
that other hands than his had been at work there. I

‘supposed that everything I found was part and parcel
with this prearrangement, and I therefore at once
proceeded to open the compartment inside the safe
which he had named the <:ash—box.”

“Describe that compartment, Mr. Snowdon.”

“It is the same sort of compartment that you will
ﬁnd located in about the center of the interior of any
Herring safe of that pattern. I should say that it.is
two feet squareiby eighteen inches deep inside it. The
upper half of its interior is an open space _which I
know formerly to have contained four square_‘tin
boxes, which exactly ﬁtted into it. The lower halpfpis
colmposed of a double set of drawers, two on either
si e.” ‘ . "

_. “Well, what did youfindwhen you opened the _ca_sh-
box?” - ' F ' ‘
“Nothing.” _ ’

“What? Nothing at all?"

‘v‘Absolute‘ly “nothing.” h j , ' V V 

“Do you mean that even the four tin boxes _you._h'a_ve .
described were not there ?"" . ' ‘ ‘

“There was nothing there._” _ . _p : ‘ _ _, .

,‘‘Andfthe sealed envelope in one of the_drawers_’,:d-» -
dressed to you, “as your father .described1it‘?”‘ 

"It wasnot tobeifound.” _ _ "_ _ " ’ ’~
“The safecontained nothing of value P”
“The safe contained nothing save the bifhdi

‘_ .

"g"S{.">Of‘

7 the books I"have described and the ‘few blank ‘pages t ..

'__which the desecrater of the safe had thought it unnec-
essary/to destroy.’f p ‘ ‘ ' i ‘ '_ ‘ p p.

T‘ . ..   . 4‘  I ‘ .‘  xx“ .
*1-rte mrsrzlw ion rna,:nr.‘4it3Ipit'4A fa

 
      
     

   

  

" 8 NEW

point; but I do think that I can recall the scene quite
perfectly now.”
“Very well, do so.” = ’ ._
“I will take them in the orderin which I have al-
~ ready named them.”
“If you please.” V
i “I remember that Mortimer Green was leaning for-
ward with his right arm resting upon his right knee;
that he held a lighted cigar between his teeth, and
that his head was half-turned to one side, so that the
smoke which arose from the end of it would not smart
his eyes. _ When I exclaimed, after -opening the cash-
box and’ the.,drawers inside of it, that the safe con-
tained nothing at all, I don’t think that Mr. Green
moved a muscle. He remained perfectly rigid, as if
' he were shocked beyond the power of motion, by the
information.” '
“Clarence Snowdon came next. What did he do ?”
. .“He started to his feet, uttered an oath, hurled the
cigar he was smoking into one_ comer of the room,
and exclaimed: ‘By heaven, the safe has been
robbed l’ ” ,
..,T.he detective nodded, and smiled grimly.
- "What did he do then?” he asked.
'7. ,, “He collapsed again upon his chair, evidently for the
"  moment quite overcome by the discovery.” "
I 7 .. “Did you regard that as natural under the circum-
 stances?”
« _. .“I. did at the time.”
' .‘fWhy so? VVhy at that particular time?”
’ ,3"'Because I felt, myself, very much as he expressed
 ihimself. I was thunderstruck by the discovery I had
:34‘ made, and although the suggestion that the safe had
  riﬂed did not occur to me until my half-uncle ut-
 tered ‘it, it seemed for the moment quite plausible. I
'  thought his consternation, his amazement, and sur-
V  prise. quite natural under the circumstances. And be-
 — _ sides, Mr. Carter, there is another thing which might
.‘ " ‘Z, N ain his excitement at the tliscovery.”
T  * ‘What is that?”'“— 7 .
e I  think that Clarence Snowdon had some idea that
‘ *  and further legacy to himself would be found
 the safe.” ‘
J “Why do you think that?”
‘ _; “He has told me as much since that time.” ,
.(“’Has he, indeed? Now, Mr. Snowdon, what was
 of the discovery upon you brother?”
” should say that it was one of amused surprise.”
 .   amused?’ .- r
 got the impression at the time that my
V   a joke upon us."

  
   
   
  
  
    
     
    
  
  
    
     

p  :-johesjtnever; wittieisms, frequently.”
 certainly me  head of

  
 

  

 ' ybugrggard yeti: father

 

’  father  the habit I of‘ perpetrating 

 suehga joke .

  
 

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

as that circumstance would have been, had he prepared
it?” .

“Quite so.”

“You do not, then, regard it as plausible?”

“Most emphatically I do not.”

“How long a time did this apparently amused sur-
prise of your brother, Peter, continue?”

“For a moment or two; until he realized that we
were regarding it seriously, and that he was the only
one present who had not jumped to the conclusion
that the safe had been looted.”

“What occurred immediately‘ following upon your
discovery, and upon the characteristic expressions of
surprise manifested by your companions 3”

Algernon Snowdon laughed with some amusement
at the recollection of the incident; and he replied:

“I think for a time we merely gazed at one another
in a half-stupeﬁed manner, too greatly astounded to
ﬁnd adequate expression for our amazement, and too
utterly dumfounded to even guess at any immediate
explanation of the circumstances."

“VVhat happened next?”

“I turned to Mr. Green and asked him if my father
had made any statement to him regarding the contents
of the safe, at the time he deposited the letter at the
lawyer's ofﬁce, or afterward.” ,

"Had your father done so ?"

“No, sir.”

“What did Mr. Green say about it ?"

“Merely that my father in placng the letter in his
charge had made a statement that Green was to ‘give
the letter into my hands personally’, as soon as con-
venient after my father _should have died; but his in-
structions were explicit in that the letter should be
delivered to me personally, and by him, and at his
oﬁice, to which place I was to repair to secure it."

“Green was especially instructed not to take the
letter to you?”

“Yes.”

“And not to forward it to you P"

“Yes.”

“And your father made no comment concerning the
safe during that interview?" - '

“None-"at all.”

“Well, after receiving that information from Green,
what next?” .

“I then questioned Clarence Snowdon.”

“In what manner did you question him?”

“Before I reply to that question, Mr. Carter, I must‘

remind you of the factthat it was Clarence Snowdon
who was the last person to see my father alive and
to talk with him.” ‘ '

“Yes, I had supposed that.”

“I asked him, then,‘ what was the last occasion when
he -had seen and talked with my father."

“What reply did he make to that?"

“He said that he had spent an hour with him in 
_ ‘that duri
my father's dea , and that he had also attended the 

the afternoon ‘of the day preceding

 

  

V  ' '
I , small gathering at the house that same evening, and
' had remained at the house overnight.” ‘

_ “How did you further question him?”

 “Why, I asked him what had passed between them,
_,jfand if my father had made any remarks which con-
  the safe, directly or indirectly; and to the lat-

 *:‘te1" question he replied in the negative; he stated posi-

iijgtively that my father had not once mentioned the

‘ ‘f‘.safe.” '

y __  “Not even when they were alone together in the

fi private room of the house?”

.i . “Apparently not.” i

. . ' “Did you think to ask Clarence Snowdon if the door

91’ of the safe was ajar or closed at that time?”
.7‘ - “No, I did not ask,him that question, but he gave

"me the information voluntarily.”
. .. ‘fln what manner did he give it?" i

. “He referred to the doors of the safe as being

f". closed and apparently locked.” - .

I‘ ’ .; ’“\Vhy did he make that reference if you did not

.  the question?” V

.. y ‘fl don't know; I should say that it came about

naturally during the course of conversation.”

 ‘.‘What ‘else did you ask him?”

.‘fI am afraid I don’t remember, Mr. Carter. My

, i  his replies were rather general at the

 dealt only with the last several interviews he

dd had'wjth my father. I gathered as a consensus

- his replies that there had been nothing out of the or-

_ I ’ g during this interview, and that there had been

' - 'ng. in my f_ather’s conduct or in his‘ remarks to

as anything different from his usual habits.”

Have you anything to add to what you have al-

y stated concerning that particular part of the epi-

?!) , ;

¥gN .r) y g , .
..e arernow down to the fact that you four gen-
 to that house and entered that rdom to

 the instructions left by John Snowdon,,de-

9!

   
   
   
   
    
    
   
 
  
     
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
    

  the-safe you found that it had
 néntents and apparently there was
- ‘  explanation of the fact.” /
_ .-  Mr. Carter, there was only one.”
‘  it  your own words, Mr.
~ ‘ggpasg Ai‘t‘a‘\p1'.obal)‘ly occurred to you at the
 I. can exactly -express it in
nomiim with tnanifest hesitation.

  insult to my fath-

‘lv '- , ,

;/ -_   r_e_gard- hint-,.—as‘a
T   himself in a
“ . t’ poss:il>le;_exp1ana-

NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

, 9

two things had happened; that my rather, not at all
expecting to die so violently, or so soon, had removed
the coments of the safe himself. intending to make
some change concerning them. and had not had time to
do so; or—here is where I fall down, Mr. Carter-—he
had changed his mind entirely concerning the safe,
and had purposely stripped it.”
"The thought of a joke on his part did not enter
your mind ?”
“No, sir.”
“And does not do so now ?”
“Positively not.” \
“You did not then seriously consider the thought of
robbery?”
“No.”
“Not even when it was suggested by your uncle ?”.
\.“The suggestion found a lodgment in my reason,
but I don't think it had any appreciable effect upon me
at the time.”
“When did you first seriously consider the sugges-
tion of robbery?"
“Not for a long time afterward."
“And what led you seriously to consider it?”
“Many things did so, Mr. Carter; not any particular
one taken by itself, but-several taken together.”
“Well, what were they; and what are they?”

“First, the sudden jumping at the conclusion of rob- '’

bery on the part of my half-uncle at the time of the dis-
covery of the empty safe." I

“Yes.”

“Second, the entire improbability that my father
would have failed in any particular'to carry out the
specxiéications he had made for himself and me.’.'

60' es.”

“Third, my perfect knowledge‘ of my father's char-
acter and habits, and of his methodical way of doing
things.”

“Yes.”

'“Fourth, the conduct of my uncle since that time.”

“We will refer to that again later. What is the
fifth?” ’

“Fifth, the fact that ‘y uncle has been extraordi-
narily flush with funds ever since the death of my fath-
er, and even before he received the ﬁrst instalment of
his annuity, under the will.”

“That is something,“ What next?” ~
“Sixth-—-and this is an important count, Mr.
ter.” ' » I
“Very well, what is it?” -

“The manner of my father’s death.”

“We have already touched upon that.”_

“Yes; but not very emphatically." ‘ ., 

“No. _What do you wish to say about the manner .
of his death?” » V

Cat’.
"8

\

V “Mr. Cart,e;«,»nry.father‘was‘ killed by his head he. , ’~‘;%°
fcqming impaled fupona pointed steel ﬁle standing up» 
"right on the front of him__. 
-become impaled. hisheadi-i\ust_ have fallen forward i§r_ 

In. order to have
have  u’p<.>n‘the_imp1¢mcnt»”1 . ‘-
f “Y==:’it%*¥**‘s=§*t°a*1Si.discuss=d *hst—”~  

     
 

    
 
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
    
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
 

I
-.5 ,

’ "‘WelI, go on.”

.,  ii“-I§"O_ti_'q1;1'ite as wish  discuss it, Mr. Carter.”
    father'fell forward upon that steel* rod it

 the‘ rod penetrated his brain, or of drowsiness.”
. s -“Yes.” ~ ' ‘ .
' :7 . “My father was an extraordinarily robust and
healthy man.“ It was his‘ habit to boast that he had
g n,ev_erfpaid a doctor’s bill in his life, for services to him-
seif. Constitutionally, there was absolutely nothing
the matter with him, and never had been, to my certain
,knowledge.”' ‘ V
3 ',_“V.Va'it_;p how long a time had passed before his death
‘since’ you had seen him‘ personally?”
,’..g:.“j,  months’, almost to a day.”
  old gentleman was always unusually alert; he
never drowsy, particularly in the daytime. I have
A in all my life known him to fall asleep in a chair.
s a man of absoluteiabstemiousness, and never
~‘l§'quorwor drugs in any form.” ‘ '
,!=3?’.’,.; ' '

 of all this is, Mr. Carter, that I have
 deliberate conclusion that my father was
’ ngﬁhis head forced down upon that steel

it impaled his brain.”

 

—  QIAPTERV '

 TH!" HUIIAN’ senses.

 know about the-combination of that
. the..deteeti,ve. ._ ‘ - j I ,
ﬂ'Iink?I_ jnnderstandi your question,” replied
veafﬁeady toldyou all that I know

 

. p  to  anyone
sv safe.” a I ' - I

3 ...

   -the result ‘of ‘sudden illness; sudden
‘ I bfaintness, sudden death happening immediately before

 s

NEW. NICK. CARTER WEEKLY. ’

“Yes; he even gloated. over it.” . ‘ i
“Apparently, then, he stood in no" fear of sudden
death?” ‘ ’

“None whatever, ‘I think.”" ‘ I

“How long a time is it since he first made the ar- 4

rangement with you four gentlemenlfor the ultimate
opening ofthe safe?”

“About four years.”

“Up to that time the secret of the combination had
remained only with himself?” ‘

“Yes.”

"Did you, personally, ever have any previous knowl-
edge of wliat that safe contained ?"

(5 I!

No. . .

i “None at all_?”.

“I knew that it contained a considerable amount of
cash and some securities; nothing more.” '

“Just now, I suppose, you are quite conﬁdent that
the secret of the combination was not in the possession
of any other person at the time of your father’s death.”

“I am.”

“And that the only knowledge of it that existed was

“the united knowledge of you four who assisted at its

ultimate opening.”

“Yes.” A ' , ’

“When you four went to that r m to open the safe,
was there any appearance about t e place that indicated
di_sturbance .7” ‘

“None at all.”

“Did you notice particularly?”

“I did not; but I would have noticed had there been
such disturbances.”

“And yet you noiw believe that the safe was opened
and looted?” V ~ ' '

“I do.” ..

“By some person ‘who knew the combination?”

“Yes.” i ‘ I

“Do"‘ you not appreciate that you arenow stating a.
practical impossibility, Mr. Snowdon ?”

“Viewed from one standpoint, I am."' 3 ~ ' ' ' /'

“You begun by making the assertion that no‘one -
knew that combination besides your father, and your .

close with the statement that the safe was nevertheless”

opened by someperson who understood the ‘eombina- ,

tion.” . , ,
7 Mr. Snowdon shifted one leg over his kneeja:nd=re—

‘ “plied with Tmethodical precision:

/f‘_lt_Ir. Carfer,.i_I have discussed“ 
sibilityg-.ina my mind, almost. :continuallyj.since ,the¥ha

Lpening‘ of "that, ‘e_ve'nt.: I" have endeavored in .ei'e,_1)":wa'y.
possibie to

   

,apcou[nt§"for it;  Itvstands to reasop,*dt>'es7 it

Carter,’   fatheids safe  have

pittniut “the".combiimtion 3 ; Wait :§,dq&"i_ .
thatfno

not;*'.=Mr

  
  
 
 
 

linism ; We tf1nde;1_j_ _ inf

conrhination;  It} "

   

     

knavmata-ﬂue  

x
F..\

\ .

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. II

. “I have heard somewhere, or I haveread it_, I am not
sure which, that there are people in the world so ex-
pert in the manipulation of combination locks that they
ﬁnd it possible by placing the ear close to the dial of
_ .4 such a lock, to discover a combination merely by sounds
which are almost inaudible save to such practised and
 hearing. Now, it has occurred to me, assum-
"  that my suspicions ‘are correct and that my father’s
Z I pf-brother is the guilty party, that he may be one of
those experts.”
 ,1 «. “I consider it extremely unlikely,” remarked the de-
s_: V "téCtiVe. '
"i ' “Again, Mr. Carter, there is the bare possibility, al-
ﬁthough I do not regard it by any means as a probabil-
::ity, that my father may have made a memorandum
.'jsomewhere of the combination of his safe. In that
 the memorandum may have _been discovered by
” -* Clarence Snowdon and made use of.”
" V “You don’t consider that likely, do you, Ml’. SHOW-

‘ don?” ' x
5 “No; emphatically I do not.”

..“Tell me how you think your father would have re-
nternbered the combination if you don’t think he would
have made a memorandum of it ?" ,
" ‘Wery simply; he would have memorized it.”
“Well, have you thought of any other means where-
Clarence Snowdon or another such personas he,
’ . have acquired information regarding the com-
-«-~ of the safe?”

_ I have thought of one, Mr. Carter, but it seems to
‘  even more improbable than the others.” ,

, What is it?” \\ i

I  is that my uncle or some other person has man-
’ ' I some means which we cannot now explain, to
, e my father and watch him closely when he was
.i_-_ the dial of the safe, preparatory to opening it.
see, Mr. Carter, we must not forget that notwith-
v ' -.; the coolness which existed between my father
_ his half-brother, the latter was always freely ad-
a to the house, and to my father's presence; and
occurred to me as possible,_although no less im-
‘&  other ideas I have advanced, that he
t" some time have managed to conceal himself

 
   
  

  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
 
    
   
   
    
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
   

 

the combination.” M ”
, isgoing a long‘ way to account for a mystery,
ldetecti_ve.e  ,, ’ .
ugstionablykiis, and yet we are confronted by
‘V . ﬂignpossmility; ‘we are‘ in the position of
.l , Explain the happening of an event
arnpossihle  the beginning-_ '
— . ye imp,cissible,_-Mr. Snowdon,” smiled the
we”l6ol‘<*'at this ‘matter in its logical
I the theory that the safe was opened

iii?’

 me secret of it. In
 I eknown. ‘We_.a{e,
,  peintyof. beginning, and

_ ..,

_ ,.=. ‘ 2

s~-

~'and so observe the opening of the safe and to -

 who rl1__ad,acci”itired knowledge
 = ‘with_.the hypothesis ‘

.59! thsmcthod.

  

by which that secret was betrayed. ‘We must View it
ﬁrst from the standpoint of the man who had the se-
cret, to conceal—your father. After we have ex-
hausted that resource, we must view it from the stand-
point of the man who wished to discover the secret-
your uncle.”

“Yes, sir,” said Snowdon.

“I assume from the description you have given me of
your father, and of his habits and methods, that he was
an unusually self-centered man, perfectly master of his
conduct and methods, and not at all inclined to deviate
from them for any ordinary reason.”
I ‘.‘You may assume that as a fact.”

“He has boasted to you that the combination of his
safe in which he kept a large amount of property in

A

cash and securities, was known only to himself, and I

that he had made no memorandum of it which it would
be possible for another to ﬁnd.”

“That is true.”

“The only memorandum that ever was made of it
was the one which enabled you four persons to work
the tumblers of the lock after his death, and without
your personal assistance the other three would have
found it as impossible to open the safe as if they had
no knowledge about’ it whatever."

“That is also true.” _ ‘

“Even had there been unity of action between the
lawyer and your uncle and had they gone there to-
gether possessing knowledge of only two of the num-
bers, they would have been helpless without your
brother and yourself.” ' -

“Correct.”

“Had they induced your brother to accompany them,
and had the three visited the safe they would have been
helpless still without you.” _. ‘

“Entirely so, as I view the matter."

“That, I think, disposes of_half of our difficulty. I
mean by that statement that your father did not know-
ingly, by any act of his, reveal the combination.”

“I think we may assume that as true, sir.” .

“Now, Mr. Snowdon, that boils down the entire in- »

quiry to the one question to which we must find an an-
swer, and that question is: What means did Clarence
Snowdon employ—assuming for the sake of the’argu-
ment that Clarence Snowdon is the guilty party—to
secure possession of a secret held by your father alone,
concerning which he had never spoken and had never
made a written memoranda ?”

Snowdon shrugged his shoulders, leaned back in his
chair, and crossed his legs again. i .

f:An unanswerable question,” he remarked; “and,
Mr. Carter, it is the same snag with which I have col-
lided (very time I have propounded these queries to
myself. It is unanswerable.” ' ’
4 “No,” replied the detective, “there is_ an answer.”

"And do you think that you can find it P”.

, “Without ﬁnding. it, Mr. ‘Snowdon, we will never"

draw any nearer t, the solution of the mystery than we
are at the  moment.” ,
- “Butﬁiowp will you proceed in order to ﬁnd it ?"

I

 

 

 

 

 it :.a_~;-I  —n.
. f.
12

. ‘Mt. Snowdon, science tells us that we are possessed
of ﬁve senses——heariug, seeing, smelling, tasting and
’ . 5 touching. \Ve are agreed that the ﬁrst one mentioned,
 hearing, was not the method employed in this case, be-
' cause in order to accept that theory we‘ must admit
that Clarence Snowdon is an expert with combination
', lock-tumblers, and I do not admit that.” <.
“Well?” i
- ,""I'he' senses of smelling, tasting and touching are
alike wholly inadequate in a case of this kind.”
;._ “I grant you that.”
3 . —- (‘We are reduced, therefore, to an investigation of
V the only human sense that remains to have revealed
' ~ this secret to the prospective thief.”
“Yes.”
« “We must, therefore, assume, before we proceed on
this investigation, that Clarence Snowdon, if he be the
" man, saw your father work ‘that combination and
leaned it bythat means.”
’ “Yes; but ” ,
5 A 4 «“Mt. Snowdon, I will now ask you, without further
, argtnnent upon this matter, to take me to that private
  your father's residence and to let me study the
"’_s'afe.itself and its surroundings.” ‘

 

 

   
 
   
   
       
    
  
   
    
  
    
     
  
  
 

 

u CHAPTER VI.

‘, .

'5 Joan sNpw1>oN’s PRIVATE :o1=1=Ic1:.

  into which Nick Carter was conducted
  7 _’r arrival at ‘the mansion where old John
 and hisfather before him had lived while
 Imassed the enormous fortune, was located in a
 jtltt;-building which might have been called a
‘  which was in reality more like a separate
‘. » 1 . . V I

   

:» If   at the south side of the mansion and
'  form, one of the planes of the octant
’   itself, wherein a passage-
 ,. tructed between/the two buildings, for we

regard: them‘~separate1y. ~ «V 
 rofpthei planesof, the octant free from
_  The room contained no
A » an ordinary description since
‘  .descr1:'ed was of solidmasonry .
'    of the dome; but light
1 “ crisper‘ 1  through

  

fthiasttansr

 

 
   

 thick wasthe '
 t ", "  thatfyvery

jiever  , ::fO:.fh§__ff.fO0!ni C‘  ; andi."
 N .  J99  lights’ were
 «§«z_ttli'¢gr~:ét:-3t,:atte,r what time?»

  

    
 

C ; '£orwa:d=,;ana,. ; xxtinghis  ”ovger_tl.!e desk,
2. ‘sated With: 9ﬂ¢vh3§i¢;ifﬁ¢:Zp0$ition;°£ -the’:stee1:*’  .
I   W ‘ 
, ‘ T T mhwlre

  

New NICK. C.~\RTE\R. w1:I:1<LY.

admitted the passage of a half-grown boy, even had the
glass with its bedding of cement been absent.

Curtains which worked upon pulleys from inside the
room shaded whatever light could penetrate this glass
when the occupant so desired. Ventilation was had
by means of another rope upon pulleys which opened or
closed iron’ shutters at the top of the dome at the will
of the occupant of the same.

The olhce, as the old man had .called it, was twen-
ty—two feet in diameter. The only entrance was
through that passageway already described, which was
protected by a ponderous and heavy door provided with
an intricate lock. A single glance told the detective
that this extension of the mansion had been constructed
upon a well conceived plan to render it ﬁreproof and
burglar-proof and, without being told, he had no doubt
that the walls of solid masonry descended deeply into
the ground on every side.

The safe about which so much has been said was
at that plane of the octant at the south side of the room,
and had been built into the wall. A large, heavily-con-
structed library table occupied the center of the room,
and had always been used by John Snowdon as a desk;
and when seated at this desk his position was such that
the safe door was directly behind ‘him. .

A thick, heavy rug, evidently made to order for that

particular apartment, and now much worn by many A

years of constant use, covered the ﬂoor. A revolving
bookcase stood at one side of the chair which the mil-
lionaire had always occupied when engaged at his desk.
Other books of reference were piled systematically
upon a table. There was a couch and several comfort-

able chairs, paintings and engravings and the usual ac- ‘

cessories to such a place to make up the remainder of
its furnishings. ' ’

But the fact remained that when John Sn_owdon_oc-
cupied that room and was seated at his desk engaged
with his papers his position was such that his back was
toward the safe, and he was exactly facing the door
which communicated between that apartment and the
house proper.

_ It will be seen by this statement that no person could‘

have entered the room withoutifohn Snowdon’s knowl-
edge, and since he guarded so carefully thesecret of
the combination of hisvsafe, it isto be assumed that he

would never have worked that combination‘ save when ;

heiwas alone. ,
As Nick Carter passed
Snowdon, the appearance of it was as it might ‘always’

have been during the life of the“millio‘naire, and Alger- ,-

non Snowdon assured the ‘detective that the place

looked‘; exactlyas it‘ had always} appeared during {the_ ;- ‘_
‘lifetime of his=fathei‘.*~_  '- ‘ ' - " '

 -53 ‘ha ‘Mel-"5.*‘.¢— T°3ﬁ‘5‘t°i , ..
 studyéhis. csui-,r_oim_‘din‘gs, Snowdon stepped forward

.and.,placed.,l:hitnseif,;in his father's chair, then. bending 
 

n

    
    
  

    

§¢fi;te.j_i*¥§t;—'a§ it has    ‘.1’ 

   

into the room, followed by:

a°s’top just inéide the’ door 5

 .\'

\

, had beeri found. But the detective paid very little at-
«H .1 itention to what Snowdon was doing at the time. He
was studying the room, and doing so with the same at-
 tention to detail whichihe always devoted to such a
V ,gi.p1a'ce under like circumstances.
V  V “Ranain just where you are, Snowdon, for the pres-
ent,” he said, “and do me the favor not to speak to me
at all until Iquestion you.”
‘ He then passed behind his client and began that slow
pivotal turning which we have seen him practise before
when studying the interior of an apartment, turning
 eyes from ﬂoor to ceiling slowly and methodically
and gradually altering the position of his body to ac-
eonifnodate his vision so that inch by inch he examined
 every portion of the surface of the interior of that oc-
' utagonal room. '
_*;’Reader, if you will some time undertake to do this
,ery_Vthing in a‘ rooni with which you are more or less
T1'familii.~r, and will make a mental note or even a pen-
riled memorandum of everything you discover by so
V « Ving--;—.4of everything you see at such a time which has‘
 not attracted your attention, you must be
 the, quantity of things you will discover
_ VKieh'.yoh§iave never noticed-Jzoefore in that place.
=.ry,it some timeand you will quite agree with me.V
 the »parlor',' or the library, or the dining-room’
,yIu,r_own.house, or even the bedroom where you are
- .-.. .« to pass Every night of your life; stand in
middle of the ﬂoor and begin at the northeast cor-
,  your eyes slowlyuntil your glance arrives at
i -r inthef ceiling directly over your head; cast your
belt again by the same slow method, following
‘ "  two to the right of where you have

  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
 
   
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
  

 

 f¢¢l.i $€I1<_i your glance aloft ‘again another inch
cit H  theiright and continue this operation
" have  the entire circuit of the room and

ditgdver which you have hitherto
  Vanywhere that you
‘ -V‘ Ycgu Vwill’ be amazed by the

KW «:

 

 
 
 
  
 
 

 7 in ' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

~'1)‘¢fdr§’~*unt_il your “gaze is again upon the floor,

5 ﬁgépgint of ' Make~,a note ,

.‘it is ‘so small" a thing as a fly- '

Is

The present occupation, you will readily understand
by this description, occupied a long time, and from the
moment when he stepped behind the chair of Algernon

Snowdon to begin it until, somewhat exhausted by his .

mental effort, he passed to the other side of the ﬂat-
top desk and dropped upon a chair, almost an hour had
passed. '

Now, as he seated himself, he was facing the door
of the safe, and Sno\vdon, watching him, saw that the
detective’s eyes were still traveling up and down, evi-
dently from the dial of the combination lock to the
domelike’ roof of that strange apartment which had
been John Snowdon’s ofrice for so many years.

“Snowdon,” said the detective presently, “when you
four were here together for the opening of the\safe
and after you made the discovery that it contained
nothing of value, what was done?”

“Nothing at all.” V

“But the safe is now closed,”_ said the_detective.

“Yes.”

“Who closed it?”

“I did.”

“Then? At that time?"

“Yes.” ,

“And did you throw. the dial around so that it was
relocked when you closed it .7"

“Yes."

“Has it been opened again since that time?”

“No.” V ,

. “Are you positive about that?”

“Yes; that is, I am as positive as I could be without
having remained in this room to watch it. The only
persons who cduld have opened it since then are the
four who were here at thatetime. Not one of them
would have had any interest in doing so, since we
jointly knew that there was not so much as the Value
of a pin remaining inside the safe." = ‘

“I thin_kV_I will open it,” said the detective.“ l

i“Why?”‘ e . v — '

The detective am not answér, but he left an. chair. 

and crossed the room to the safedoor, ‘pulling forward
a stool which was at one side‘ and near’ at hand, "evi¥

M .dVently  there‘-Ifor the very use whieh.Nick Carter

niade,of,Vit'-«that of affording a egg: in from yam:

‘ .safe“the'tnanipulation of theidial, '  ’

   he had’,h_eard_th;_e numbersbgu't once, He exi‘  ff 1
E J   
‘ agmmd to .V77,.twiee'to:t_he left‘, 

 

   

J0:

   
  

 aw
 ta V

  

14

He pushed the stool back a little way from the safe
door, turned the handle and the heavy steel barriers
swung open to his touch.

The interior of the safe presented the appearance he
had expected to ﬁnd, but he turned to Algernon Snow-
don and said:

“Mr. Snowdon, before I proceed further, I wish
you to come here beside me and tell me in detail ex-
actly what you did, what next you touched, removed
and‘ returned to this safe when you opened it in the
presence of your three companions.”

I CHAPTER VII.

THE MYSTERIOUS E.-VVELOPE.

The detective was seated on the stool exactly facing
the open safe, peering into it; Algernon Snowdon stood
a little bit behind him and to one side, slightly bent
forward, also studying the interior.

If you, reader, could have peered into that room at
u that moment from a position which would have per-
  emitted a view of Snowdon’s features you would have
C  thereon an expression of the utmost amazement.
257.. yr  Nick Carter did not notice it, since his client was
“ Vebelhind him; the detective was silent and expectant,
vwaiting for some statement or comment from Snow-
f'-, dong.-in reply to his last request, and he did not know
 ‘ j%--—-coiuld not know, since his back was toward Snow-
 theklatter had been rendered almost speech-
-  less with astonishment by some _discovery that was re-
_ ed to him in his first glance" through'the open safe
_ '7  the silence continued so long a time that the de-
9 :2  presently, with some impatience, exclaimed:
 ;“'Well, Sn9wdon,.why1don’t you answer me P”
_ r  ' "Mr. Carter,”_ came the reply in a husky tone ﬁlled
 3  suppressed emotion, “I think for the moment I
was toorgreatly astounded to speak.”
" 4‘fWhy so?” I ‘

  

   
   
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
 
    
  
    

 4
 has been visited since I closed it.”
 exclaimed the detective, now deeply inter-
ie§ter;1,:a_1!d'~l1'a:ilf-wbeeling‘upon  stool where he was
_y""§§§Zli¢:§,af¢ha’sbee:iopened‘sinceIhaveseenthei —
 ‘_it,%"’  "Snowdon, almost repeating the
i‘  before.      c
  the  

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 
 

“How do you know it? Tell me that.”

“I know it by the entire change of the position of
things inside the safe since I closed the doors and
locked them.”

“That would indicateit/hat the thief has been here a
second time since you and the others opened it accord-
ing to the directions left by your father.”

“Yes.”

The interior of the safe has already been suﬁiciently
described to the reader so that a repetition is unneces-
sary; but now Snowdon pointed to the bhoks he had
referred to in his description and from which so many
leaves had been torn away.

Instead of being in the receptacle provided for them,
they were littered now at the bottom of the main com-

' partment of the safe; were piled in an indiscriminate

heap, as if they had been thrown there carelessly after
a hasty inspection. The door of the cash-box was wide
open. Two of the drawers inside it had been removed.
and were on top of the books before described.

That was all, but it was suﬂicient, and, pointing to
thorn, Snowdon assured Nick that after examining the
books on the occasion of the opening of the doors he
had returned them to their places in their regular com-
partments; had returned the drawers that belonged in-
side the cash-box to their places and had closed the
door of the cash-box itself, turning the key without re-
moving it.

These things he explained to the detective in detail.

“I want you to be quite positive about your state-
ment, Mr. Snowdon,” said the detecti\'e,.leaning back
upon the stool, clasping his hands about one knee and
gazing intently upon the face of his companion.

\

“I am, sir.” _

“You must remember that you were laboring under
some excitement at the time; doubtless under more of

\It than you realizged.” ‘

“I do remember.” b

‘‘You’ were doubtless greatly, shocked about the dis-
covery you made that the safe contained absolutely
nothing of value when you expected to ﬁnd cash and se-
curities to agreat amount.” '

“Yes.”

“Are you still positive about the condition in which

A you left the safe?”

“I am; entirely so.”

“What object could the thief have ‘who already de- 

spoiled the,cont_ents of the safe, in returning here after
you made the discovery that it had b¢en‘looted?”

/ ' I g

 

     
 
    
 
  
 
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
     
 
   
  
   
      
   
 
   

\

;i“‘l have noiidea. The; mystery is even deeper than
The -detective laned forward, picked up the two

torn out.
“;‘Was this book in its present condition when you
i it at that time?” he asked. A

'\

ieitarnination of it.”
Snowdon did as directed, and the same ceremony

nothing whatever that Snowdon could discover that
Was about them since his previous examina-
there was nothing connected with the interior of

{save "as-already"described,~and it would seem as if
- original despoiler had returned to the safe for the

. purpose  mystifying future investigators.

"Are youquite conﬁdent thateyou examined the Safe
..;  thatbther time and did not overlook any-
. A that the ’ thief’ might have neglected ‘when he
  safe?" ashed‘Ni_ck. ‘

  " i "so" the'n,*Mr. Carter.”

ii “ V ‘tin-other in the city at the present time?”
ih_e;.is at the Holland House,” ’
iarmetawyuz" 3 ' . * K.

i A  ‘ Mr. Green éouid ‘be found at his home on

2:‘, 1

p..., ..MMr_.ﬂstpgv'd°n, jam g-oi;_1g~ tqask you toileave
" fggi"La.ti.I1'lC,“’3’ﬂd while you do so

, I te_w_i_th pyouribrother and Mr:
otlxétwisef sad simmion them
 outtogstationdone of

  

drawers and returned them to their places ‘inside the?‘

.  it back where you replaced it after your former

 performed with each of the ﬁve books. There was ‘

‘ safe"that was different from what it had been be-i

A.NEWi{NICK CARTER WEEKLY. . in

of this safe sealed with his signetring and addressed

to. you.” I y 2. /
“Yes.” i . .-
.“Read -me again that paragraph of the copy of the
letter you have in your pocket.’_’ A
Snowdon produced the letter and read as follows;

“ ‘Inside the inner receptacle of the safe which is
known as the cash~box, ‘in the lower of the two’left-
hand drawers therein contained, you will find a linen
envelope sealed with wax with the impression of the
ring I wear upon the third ﬁnger of my left hand, ad~
dressed to you. This envelope you will not open until
it has been in your personal possession at least twenty-
four hours, and you will only break the seal of it when
you are absolutely alone. Having broken the seal————’’

“That will do,” said the detective. “Now I wish to

u ask you something more about that paragraph in your

father% letter.”
“Well, sir?”
“Have you any information at all regarding that
letter to which he refers?”
“None.”

"Did he ever mention such a document to you by
word of mouth or in anycommunication he may have
sent to you ?” ’

"Ne_ver.”

“Have you any idea at all concerning it .7"

GINO‘?!

“Since your discovery of its loss have you not asked I

yourself what that envelope might have contained ?”s I
“I have asked myself the question constantly.”
“Have you found any answer to it?”

“I have not.”
“ “Have you not even guessed at an answer ?”
“N0." « '

I ,
“But it is impossible that something has not slug-..
gested itself to you as an explanation of that rnysteri-L

ous envelope, and its" contents.”

“Nothing has, Mr. ._Carter. I am as muchgin the A
dark as you are~a'bout it.” _ , i _  _.
p“I’-lave youjpany idea that the contents ofithaten-’

l V  referredtototheripropertiesfin your
" .- ?gg I: _‘ ._ .,

J t

 ha(ve,,i;o‘idcasiwhatever about 3:}?

'-  ’—.£‘l)_o'7_y‘oa;  yeaatggnugwheie in the worldéiti is 

 

  
  
  

 efpetwon. of whom may g
‘ ” ‘ ” r§l;=but:i:rwhom your fatherwas   "

v

'/,_..

 

s  sir.sa_

 toihm wished to 

    

 1
t
r

v ‘ :6 N W . NICK
“May there not have been such a person whom your
father did not desire to mention by name in his life?”

“There may have been.”

“Do you not suspect it P”

“It is a possible explanation, but I have not suspected
it until you just now suggested it.”

“Has it occurred to you, Mr. Snowdon, that the mys-
terious envelope and enclosure might possibly have as
much to do with the looting of this safe as the wealth
it was known to contain?”

Snowdon shrugged his shoulders and, with a depre-
cating gesture, came two or three steps farther into the
room. -

' “Mr. Carter,” he said with slow emphasis, “I am
V trying to be as perfectly explicit with you as I know
how to be.

sistance in this investigation. My father, so far as I
know, and as I thoroughly believe, led an upright,
spotless and blameless life in every particular. He was
inclined to be a hard man in ﬁnancial dealings, but no

i one ever accused him of being unjust. I have no
knowledge that his morals were not perfect. - If there

were or had ever been entanglements inhis life, as your

' uestionswould imply, I have never even heard about

1,  "em. If somewhere a person existed for whom he
' . wished to rovide without mentioning the name in his
‘letter, and without conﬁding the secret to any one but

me, I_ never knew about it, and now have no knowledge

,_ which would lead me‘ to suspect it. I have made this

I » statement thus emphatically and clearly in order to as-
sureiyou that I am keeping nothing back which would

,_ aid us in the development of this mystery.” _
I . ,~ , ‘ “Thank you,” said the detective, “I believe you.”
‘ - ' ,“And now shall I go about the errand you just gave
‘ me?” asked Snowdon.
 I ‘ “If you please.”

«' b_ -—ju-¢

 
  
  
 
     
 

CHAPTER VIII. 4

 I ‘
HARSTON, THE FOOTMAN.

  detective was alone in that room, after
  seen that the servant for whose presence
 asked wasat the designated station, he cloged
  door between it and the house
 and, returning to the chair at the ﬂat-topped
  it aboutand seatedphimself facing the
 ‘ safe. ‘ E

 

I am not consciously keeping back any--
thing from you which could possibly be of aid and as- i

V‘  _ of his  he renibined‘

CARTER WEEKLY.

there in that attitude for more than half an hour, with
his elbow on one arm of the chair, his chin resting in
the hollow of his right hand and his eyes closed save
only when at infrequent intervals he ‘opened thexri to
direct a questioning glance at one or another part of
the room.

He was engaged then in turning over in his mind
the entire circumstance with which he had become as-
sociated. '

He was compelled to admit to himself that there
were features about the case which’were more than or-
dinarily puzzling; and when we say this, reference is
made to the conditions of it with which he was famil-
iar rather than to those which created the apparent
mystery. ,

To be still more explicit, the attitude of Algernon
Snowdon puzzled Nick Carter. The man himself also
puzzled the detective greatly.

Outwardly he was a man beyond reproach or criti-
cism, cold in his exterior conduct, yet precise in every
detail of gentility, and careful almost to the point of ex-
cessive exactitude in every gesture and in every phase
of his conduct. '

Yet there was that about the man which the detective
did not like.

Notwithstanding the apparently frank statement
made by Algernon Snowdon just before he left the
room, Nick Carter could not disabuse his own mind of
the idea that the eldest son of John Snowdon was either
deceiving him purposely or was repressing and con-
cealing some sort of information. ‘

It was these considerations that were passing through
the mind of the detective while he remained in that
chair with his chin upon his hand, and he was not
thinking so much about the mysterious opening and
looting of the safe as he was about the attitude of Al-

gemon Snowdon.

But when half an hour had‘ passed, and still as
greatly puzzled as ever, the detective left his chair, ap-
proached the safe door, closed it and presently bringing
two hassocks from different parts of the room, -he
placed them one upon another against the closed door
of the safe in such a position that he could use them in
conjunction with the stool already referred to for as-
suming a position he wished to occupy.

If you had been able to peer into the  at that a
moment you would see Nick Carter assume a recli-~

ning attitude against the hassocks and the stool, and

ﬁnally place himself in a position so that the crown of 
his head very nearly touchedthe dial of the safe. In

....N..._a..;.,;-._L;.J xI....4('4 _.._ .._r......_ » i. .

   

   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
 

that attitude._he began again studying the domelike
ceiling "of the octagonal apartment.

The diamond-shaped panes of glass which formed at
-least two-thirds of the entire ceiling of the dome were
‘?‘:now directly under his observation, and although he
 had previously studied them as described he now did
‘so with even more intentness than before.

,, He did not count the minutes during which he re-
A , dined there in that attitude, and he really had no eon-

\when at last he sprang to his feet and kicked the has-
socks back into their former places, another half-hour
_ had passed. , i .

‘ii I He hurried to the connecting door, and found the
tall footman in waiting where Snowdon had placed
him.

I, “Come inside,” he said to the man, and, pointing to

4,‘ one of the chairs, indicated that he was to sit‘ there.

 ‘I-‘VVhat is your name?” asked Nick.

“Marston,” was the reply.

‘-‘You are not a young man, Marston P”

“No, sir, I ‘am ﬁfty-four years old.”

“j C 1 A‘fHow long have you been in the employ of this fam-

" any 2*" ’ ~ , ‘

“I served Mr. John Snowdon twenty-nine

 the day of his death."

an “So it's now thirty years since you came here with

years up

 “What were your duties during the last year of Mr.
‘John Snowdon’s life?” ,

‘lPractically the same that they had always been.” ‘
_,‘YVell, what were they ?"

”"Ostensibly, sir, I was always a footman; really I
,_ valet and general body‘-servant to Mr. Snowdon. _
always traveled with him wherever he went; if he
"" a. journey down-town, I went with him; if he
‘to Europe, I accompanied him; during his life,
- particularly for the last ten years of it, I was never
‘L far away from him night or day.” i‘

" as you in the,habit of remaining in this. room
. ,,him vzhenhc was here?” ’
sir; I. was never in this ‘room with him save
 iii 31.56,‘. A. if -
_“did>,-he,doithht?'_’. Z _ ,
’ i that button at theright of the chair of

i   with him; 1‘ S“P' I
. "   to receive -his orders and get

K

‘NEW. NICK C.~\R’l:‘ER \VEEKLY.

-¢”/

.17

, _ , .

“How about others who came here to see him?
Were they admitted- freely to this room ?”

“Yes, sir; if the person was one whom he cared to
receive.”

“Was there during the last two or three years of

John Snowdon’s life any person who was admitted to
this room freely?”

“There was never any one admitted to this room
freely, sir.”

“What persons were admitted?”

“Only those with whom he had business dealings or
personal relations.”

“I assume that there were not many such, Marston ?”

“Very few, sir.”

"Could you enumerate them?”

"Very readily.”

“\Vho were they?" _ ,

“Mr. Mortimer Green, his lawyer; Mr. Clarence
Snowdon, his half-brother; his two _sons, when they
were in this country; either of the two bankers with
whom he bad business but who came very infrequently,
a broker whom he sometimes employed, the house-
keeper, whom he often summoned through me, and
myself.” .

a ‘‘Do you mean to tell me that during the last two or
three years of his life no other person than those
you have named entered this room?”

“Yes, sir.” .

“Among them who wastthe most frequent caller?”

“Probably Mr. Clarence Snowdon.”

“Do you recall the day when your master was found
dead in this room?” '

“Perfectfy.” ~

-“Who found him?”

(‘I did.”

“The time was about midday as I recall it.”

“Yes, sir.” '

“Before that moment when had you last seen your
master alive?”

“Shortly before midnight the preceding evening.”

“But, Marston, if you acted as valet and body4se§v-
ant to him and was never in the habit of being absent
from his side- forany length of time, how does it hap-
pen that on that particular occasion more -than twelve
hours elapsed after you saw him alive until you
him diced?” _  . e ,

, a “I have never forgiven myself for that circumstance,
Mr. Carter,” was the slow reply. “Ithappencd in this

...,

manner: There was some company entertained at the

 ‘.119  °V°“i“Ei just some gentlemen

 

found _,

 

  

whom Mr. Snowdon was in the habit of in-vit‘in'g‘here
 oncea year on "the ‘occasion ofhis-‘birthday. The,,corn- .
pany for many years had been the same save when,'as"
happened more frequently of late, one was missing be-
cause" death had stepped in to interfere. On that par-~
ticular Wednesday night there were nine of the -old
guests“ at the table. Mr. Clarence Snowdon and Mr.
Mortimer Green were also present as what we would
call extras. The party broke up at eleven o’clock. I
‘personally saw each guestleave the house.”
“Wait a moment, Marston. Was Clarence Snowdon
. i one of the guests who left the house or did he stay here
" A thatnight?” I » . ’, .
" "A ‘‘‘He remained here, sir, and occupied a room in the
‘north wing.”
“And Mr. Green?”
,_ _ “‘,I-Ie also remained in the house.-”
 ; '_“Very well, go on with the story from the point
V-  you personally saw the guests leaving the house.”
" ‘.‘Aftex;. they had gone Mr. Green and Mr. Clarence
Snowdon hoth said good-night and went to their
,.1-come I thengwent with Mr. John Snowdon to his
 assisted him in retiring, as has been my gus-
C tong‘£9r‘yeirs.” I
. 'tlWen?!9 I
turned off the lights, leaving one burning inan
 room, as was the habit, and I placed the in-'
 wire cord which has a push-‘button at the end
,.9£;,' ;,;:'0.iVj'¢i'~. the chair beside his bed. That push-button
' __  with at bell directly over my -head where
Itf,was_ there so that he could call me to him at
I  is during the night if he ‘should require my
 .. ‘  I must tell you now, Mr. Carter, that in
   Mr. John Snowdon he neveronce
useof it-.dt'1rin'g the hours when he was. supposed
  I e r    
~  he never hadoccasion to do. so.”
’“N?;r,_§,':.,’  _ V i i i G" ‘ ’ I /V ’
ilwaysa welliman ?”
;ﬁ?&ymn1mo#* W 3 . = ' I
 as 1. have de'scribed to you, I
nmnmthehwaeannmnaasnm.
I " henext ?ehen'I‘aiw_akened:’,’»— :;

     
    
 
   
  
  
  
     
   
   
  
    
 
   
 
   
  

 

      

,5.

   

    
 
 
 
  

“ »r:s~m»,

.
3  _,
' «v:::~'¢€‘

  
  

s

 s dciiénly I

 

'

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

and if .1 wasrlreally drugged there..were no indications
o the fact remaining when I awoke." ..

“Mr. Snowdon ‘did not summon you.”.

“I” think he must have rung the bell, sir, which I di
not hearf’ ‘ . . '

“Was he in the habit of ringing it in the morning?” .

“N o, sir; he never had occasion todo so. Mr. Snow-
don’s habits were entirely methodical. He arose from
his bed at a certain hour and never deviated more than
a minute or two from that time. It was my invariable
habit to open his doorand enter his room at precisely
seven o’clock each morning of the year. I always
found him awake and ready forme.” I

“But on that particular morning you did not do it.”

“No, sir.” . - I

“When you did not appear at the usual time it was
quite natural that he should have rung for you, don’t
you think?”

“Without doubt.”

“And your sleep was so heavy that you did not hear
the bell.” .

“I did not hear the bell; that'is certain.” Q

“Have you since tested the bell to see if it works?”

“Yes, sir; it works all right.”

“And under ordinary circumstances it should have
awakened you P”

“There can be no doubt of that.”

“There is no doubt, then, in your own mind that your
were indulging in an unnatural sleep?"

“None whatever.”

‘“Mr. Snowdon rose and went about his morning oc-
cupations without you ?” ‘~ 

“Yes, sir.” ‘

“Do you know anything about the particulars of his

. rising that morning?”

“bnly what James, the butler, told me.”

“What did he tell you ?”

“Merely that he was quite surprised to see Mr.
Snowdon enter the breakfast-room without me, but the
old gentleman made no comment to James, who served
him, fiand went from the breakfast-room directly to this
one,;where about noon I found. him as you know.”,

 '_ ' . iCHAPTER_I_X_.}

‘.   '~ 
,, THE SNOWDON TRAGEDY.

" ;“You dori’t Ig.ﬁow,‘: then, ‘that. your master had sought . .,_ :1

by any unusual tojrouse youydovyou, .Marsto‘n?"

=  ‘j1\,lo, -sir; but  havefno Jdotxbt ‘that-’.1vhc’n”1';:_<ii&”isiiot ~ 

   
  
 

9!, .t. ,4,

V.

    

 tbﬁthtfﬁiiiéll he"imiist‘lhave  to?m);»  .

    

  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
    
  
    
   
   
    
  
 
  

discovering me soundly asleep, as he supposed, he
doubtless decided not to disturb me. Mr. Snowdon was
 always fond of me, and it would have beenquite like
timto do so. If I overslept, which seems improbable,
rom natural causes, I hold myself in a measure re-
nsible for his death; if I was drugged—well, sir, I
have asked myself over and over again why it was so,
 if the person who did it was responsible for that
¢afth~’’ ‘
E‘Whom have you told about this circumstance,

_ “It is generally known in the household that I over-
Slept that morning, but I have requested the servants
!iDt.to mention it, and beyond the persons who were in
‘lftheyhmmse at the time I don't think the fact is known."
V ‘f‘In investigating the death of Mr. Snowdon, were
"ion ever questioned about it?” _

I‘ “There was really no investigation. The ‘manner of

a ' tionvwas thought necessary.”

“No one ever doubted that it was an accident?”
‘.51 think not.” _ .

 you ever doubt it, Marston P”

‘-"I have wondered about it, sir; I cannot say that I
 actually doubted it.”, *

I rd,’ indicated the position where the steel rod
have rested on its base, and» he asked:

“Do you think it likely, Marston, thatyour master

'  own head on that steel rod?” .
" think it extremely unlikely, sir.”e
, 3". .. a V

_ use in all the‘ years I have known him, I never
I him asleep or even drowsy in his chair."
he not have been suffering from the effects
or of some sort of an anesthetic the same as
,were,?’.’ ‘f - ' _

 thought ofthat; Mr. Carter; but I don’t
ad?” .
 he "(lid-not do so suggests to
 hgﬂwaﬁ  ‘Welland in full possession-of

    found

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

'don had gone to his private room.

Snowdon’s death was so plainly apparent that no . ~

Tile detective pointed toward the table and, stepping p

ha've,dropped asleep at thisdesk and so have I

' had ;fe[lt.-badly thatimorning hewonld have

' all, sir._ I told him the
. knew them.” ‘  A 
f.‘Tell me just wl;at»you did say to him and how be, >..:

, 2

' morning of the two guests who remained in the house

overnight? I refer to Mr. Green and Mr. Clarence
Sno\vdon.” '

“I know only this, sir: Mr. Green entered the break-
fast—room, according to James, the butler, about nine
o’clock. having just arisen. After eating his breakfast,
he left the house, being told by James that Mr. Snow-
As for Mr. Clar-
ence Snowdon, he had had his coffee and rolls served in
his room at eleven o'clock that morning and was not
yet dressed when I \vent to him to notify him of my
terrible discovery."

“Did you notify Mr. Clarence Snowdon yourself, in
person ?"

“I did.”

“And were the ﬁrst to, carry the information to
him?” '

“Yes, sir.”

“How did he receive it F”

“He was naturally horriﬁed.”

“Did he accept the intelligence as a great shock?”

“He certainly did.”

“Was there anything about his conduct at the time
to suggest to you that he might have had previous
knowledge of the fact F"

“Certainly not: I never thought of it.”

“Tell me what he did when you informed him of the
death of his half-brother.” . ,

“I tapped at his door, and, being hidden to enter, did
so. He was standing half-dressedbeforea mirror in
his room engaged in shaving himself. but as I opened
the door he turned to face me. I remember that he was
smiling as he did so, but the expression of my own face
must have alarmed him, for he took one step toward
me, exclaiming: '

ter P’

“ ‘Mr. John Snowdon is dead, sir,’ I told him, rather; I

gasping out the information, for I was still so greatly
overcome that»I could hardly spe .” i '
“What did Clarence Snowdon do then?”
“He started back against the chair that was near

A him, grasping the back of it for support, and he stared ,
at me for a moment in speechless amaiement, then he

gasped out: f ‘I
“ ‘Dead, Marston! Did? you say that John is dead!

What do you mean!. Are you crazy l’ That is about , f 1
particulars then as far as I"

  it...”f. _ A ,.

 

“ ‘What is the matter, Marston? What is the mat- _

 _'i?"«',w‘ith ia choking sob, he turned away and went

(

20

“I told him that I had overslept! that my master had
risen, taken his breakfast and gone to his private room
without me ; that I had not awakened until nearly noon
and then dressed as rapidly as I could and hastened to
this room ;_ that I found Mr. Snowdon bending forward
in_ his chair in front of the desk with his head impaled
upon the steel rod which had pierced his brain. I

I added that Mr. Snowdon had evidently been dead for
hours.” I
“And how did he receive all that?”

“Like one stricken dumb with amazement. He lis-
tened to ‘me to. the end almost without moving, and
when I had ﬁnished he laid aside his razor and with-

, out wiping the lather from his half-shaven face passed
from the room into the corridor, descended the stairs
and came here where we are now. I followed him and
was only a few feet behind him when he entered the
door over there.” ' '

7 f‘Well ?” .
e  , “He came forward across the room to a position di-
“ ‘ ircctly opposite the body of Mr. John Snowdon and
{gazed for a moment in paralyzed silence across the top
«of the desk at the corpse of his half-brother. Then,
out of
 the room without uttering a word.” e
f); ”.“Ir|I'is conduct then did not impress you particularly
 i,;II3.§fly:maﬂﬂCf7 at the time?”
. . ‘ v“Q‘nly as that of a person who was terribly shocked.”
"  “There was nothing about it to suggest to you that
lhei'-had previous knowledge of the death of your mas-
ter?” 7 . ‘
'?1“No, sir; I do, not think he had.’-’
“'Where is Jamesﬁthe butler?”
3;"!  not‘ know,,Mr. Carter. He left the place here
V. Oofiaiter Mr. Snowdon’s death.“
pf ; ‘lﬁtldyou do not know where he is employed now ?”
 '.“No,-sir.” I ‘ e I
—“-Didyou ever question him about’ the events of.tha
 inside the house.” I ‘
:_.“,I»,;do not know egactly what you mean.”
  with him the eireumstance 3”
  it over together.” I
 to see ‘your master that

 

   
    
 
   
  
    
   
   
    

Keri!‘

 
  
 

 
  

*f¥“i5‘"‘i*’*¢”.v‘1°“$!F’?:9‘.“s ***¥**=3 ‘W5’

.. ,1  . 

    

   

xk

  
 

 
 

a....eh.a  .

NEVV NICK CARTER \\'EF.KLY.

think, after your master came into it from the break-
fast~room ?”

“He had not.”

“Had he or any one else seen Mr. John Snowdon
that morning after he left the breakfast-room .7”

.“No, sir.” »

“Marston, what has been your personal attitude
toward Clarence Snowdon ?”

“My personal attitude? I have. had none.”

“How have you regarded him?”

“Please tell me just what you mean by that question,
Mr. Carter.” ‘

“Personally do you like Mr. Clarence Snowdon ?"

"Very much indeed.”

“Have you known him quite well?”

“Rather better than any other member of the fam-
ily save only Mr. John Snowdon himself.”

“Better than Algernon or Peter, the two sons?”

“Very much better.” '

“What is your opinion, Marston, as to the general
character of Peter Snowdon ?”

Marston shifted uneasily from one foot to the other
and back again before he replied, then he said:

“It is hardly within my province, Mr. Carter, to re-
ply to such a question as that one. I am only a servant
here, and servants are not supposed to express opinions
of their betters, whether they have formed such opin-
ions or not.
situation is a serious one and that the questions you ask
are, for reasons which I may not understand, im-

'portant.’’

“Just so, Marston. I shall want your opinion of
several other persons before I have ﬁnished.”

“Well, sir, in regard to Mr. Clarence Snowdon, I
should say that he was a man whom circumstances had
treated rather unkindly. He and Mr. John Snowdon
were sons of the same man, who chose almost to dis»
inherit Mr. Clarence, forreasons best known to him-

I self. I should say that Mr. Clarence has always been

rather wild. No doubt his conduct has not always 9

been exemplary, but my opinion of him was always that
he showed his worst qualities on the surface and that
inside he was by far the best of all the Snowdons save
one.” . t I
" I “You mean‘ your master?”

“Yes. sir.” at I , 

“Wliatt is your opinion of Algernon?” I I

“Mr. Algernonwas the eldest son of my master.”

,“Nevertheless_I want your opinion of him",

.“I can give ‘itin ﬁveiwords, Mr. Carter, and they

3.

 
 

But I appreciate the fact that the present ~

 

  
   
  
   
  
    
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
 
   
   
    
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
  

, “What are they?”

_ “I have never liked him.”

’ “Why ?”

“If I tried, Mr. Carter, for the rest of my natural
life I could not ﬁnd an answer to that question.”

1 “What about Peter?"

-“I know next to nothing about Peter Snowdon; save
‘en he was a boy at home, and before his character
as formed, I have seen very little of him."

.‘ .“B,ut_you do not like him; I can see that.”
“No,~sir.”

.“_Y'ou have never liked him.”

_‘fNo, sir.” /-

"Nor Algernon, either?”

No, sir.” __ -

"Was your dislike caused in any way by the attitude
ﬁf either,of them [toward their father?”

,‘I t.hink it was." ‘

"Why so? and how?”

 shruggedhis shoulders impatiently and hes-
for a moment before he replied; and then he

on pinme down tda very positive assertion, Mr.
 to one‘ I,a;‘n scarcely competent to ex-
" ,I'l1av’e always been veryfond of Mr. John
is; who‘in‘;many respects has been moreplikc 3
to-me‘ than‘a master. I have acted as valet,

M ' and secretary to him for many. years, and
tions therefore have beenintiniate and close.
heard him express opinions which he would not
p mdljefoi-¢_‘ another person and which he had
.'haps;intended that I should.hear myself. My
for-_the two sons has doubtless arisen because
‘  have heard their father use in
i,   or my own criticism of ‘their
oi  of leaving him so much alone in‘his

d the tact that ylouf fiaméis’

1

 '~ ‘—'. Wheﬂ

!
L,‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“vex kmwn that he desired their pres—l ‘
-that rny.;remar|<S'ab93t *h¢,m_ f
’ I~dq'1-got know why you are A»

ti§e,"I have'no‘ idea] '

, s'iVh.i1§i sac», H9‘
‘ raneltfiatglfvvfasfto held‘

MK .\
rd

CHAPTER X.’

NICK CARTER UNDERTAKES AN EXPERIMENT.

The talk which the detective had had with Marston
put matters in rather a new light; at all events it did so
in several respects; but now the detective was anxious

"to get rid of the man again, for a time, in order that

he might have opportunity before the return of Alger-
non Snowdon with his brother and the lawyer, to at-
tend to several matters which he had promised himself
he would look into before they could have a chance to
interrupt him.

The somewhat particular description given here of
the dome—shaped roof of the old millionaire’s private
room will be remembered and must be borne in mind
as this story works out its solution.

The detective knew that the safe could not have been ~

opened without a knowledge of the combination on the
part of the person who worked the lock; he knew also
that the combination could have been discovered in
only one manner. What was that?

Why, other eyes must have discovered the old man,
at one time or another, when he was engaged in
manipulating the dial of the lock.

It was an admitted fact——that is, was admitted by
the detective to himself-—that no person knew the com-
bination save the millionaire. Even Algernon, with the
letter in his possession, supposing that he already knew
its contents at the time, could not have opened the lock
without the aid of the other three who knew the re-
maining numbers, and by the same form of reasoning,
no other one of the four, nor indeed any two of them.
could have opened the lock without the assistance of
the other. .

As a matter of fact, the old man _had arranged his
plans so dexterousjy that the presence of all four of
the ‘men was required to supply the “open sesame” of

the door of the safe. '. ,

All that went without saying.

V Again, the‘ known factithat John Snowdon never
manipulated the combination lock on‘ his safe door-
‘save when he -{was alone in the room, precluded the idea

that anyperson should have been inside theroom when

9 he opened the safe, and so havepdiseovered the com-

      ‘:1?‘§§.‘*5*Y¢i*l'°1§‘458i1i<‘§§;'??°'.i".3£¢‘ ‘mt hm we him at   4
'  work  it must,have been  A 3
I e ' ' ‘ "' ’ you the part of the millions  p p;

‘.0

 

 
     
 

, =uc11;~a thus ‘eve  

 (

22 NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Therein was the vital question.

Nick Carter beIieved'that if he could supply an an-
swer to that question he would have at hand a solution
of the entire problem.

But could the answer be supplied?

“Put yourself in his place” has ever been a favorite
maxim of Nick Carter’s.

Whenever, as in the present instance, he found him-
self confronted by an almost impossible problem, it was
his habit to put himself in the place of the other fellow,

\ and to determine as nharly as it was possible to do it,
how he would go to work himself to accomplish the
certain results that had been performed.

So now he asked himself the following question:

“If I were the person whose desire it was to discover
the combination of that safe, so jealously guarded,
what plan could I conceive whereby I might surprise
the secret out of the old man?”

The answer was obvious. It would be necessary to
contrive a plan whereby the millionaire could be ob-
served when he opened the safe. I
I “I might make an effort," said the detective to him-
self, “to remain in the room with ‘him, or to sneak in

., upon him when he was so engaged; but plainly such a
thing was impossible. In discovering that fact, I
‘would have to adopt another plan, and I would at once

‘ arrive at the conclusion that it would not be ,done un-

less I ‘managed somehow to watch him from oulside
the room

,‘i0utside the room! That is the idea. Now, there is

‘ » only one place outside the room from which such an

gt , observation could have been taken, and that would be
; from the roof! " /
. 1 Again the detective studied the domelike roof of
 that strange room; thenihe opened the door into the

.- passageway and called to Marston.

.i  : “Have you a ladder anyvwhere about the premises?”

  the man.\ , '

.  5 A “A ladder, sir 3',’ was the half-astonished reply, and

_i thcrewas some hesitation in the questioning remark.
" e’ “Yes, Marston,‘that is what I said; a ladder.” ‘

“A N, "Yes, sir; there is one, at the stable.” I

‘  “How long a ladder‘ is it?” ‘

    
   
  
  

 enough,.do yousuppose, to—)-each from the
t ' d to the roof of this dome?” asked thedetective,
  over his head. _

.  should think sowsir; yes, sir. I haven't ‘a douht

"Really, sir, I don't‘ know. I’ have not measured.”

have done so, bring it to the west side of this octago-
onal building. I’ will meet you there and tell you what
to do with it. Make haste, if you please. I wish to
have done with this inquiry by the time your new mas-
ter returns.”

“Very good, sir.”

The man went away; but as soon as he was gone the
detective followed him outside the building and made
his way around to that part of the spacious grounds
which extended along the westward side of the oc-
tagonal wingi '

There was shrubbery growing there in considerable
profusion; some sort of domesticated laurel, Nick de-
cided it was, and so thick and heavy in its growth as
to prevent a person from walking through it. That is
to say, a person would naturally avoid it, and by pref-
erence would pass around it on the outside, thus re-
maining at all times while passing the structure, at
least ﬁfteen feet away from the walls.

Now, to place a ladder ﬁrmly against the building,

at the necessary incline, if one were to attempt to mount

to the roof, the base of the ladder should touch the
ground at a distance of eight or ten feet from the walls,
and, having selected the spot where he wished to place
the ladder, Nick stepped among the shrubbery to wait
for the return of Marston. '

It should be said that the position in which he wished
to place the ladder was selected by the detective with
reason.
made inside the room at the time when he made use
of the two hassocks, and stretched out on his back
upon them in order the better to make a study of the
glass roof.

He had had this idea before him at the time, and he
had endeavored to select the position that such a per-
son as he had in mind would have done.

Now, in stepping among the laurels to get into the
position where he intended to await the arrival of the
ladder, he noticed that the bushes had been disturbed
at some time not very recent, Three of them had been
bent downward, and while they had reassumed their
former positions to a large extent, they had not gone
entirely back to, their normal condition. His keen
sight exposed the fact to him that they had been dis-
tur,bed.

Their alteration was not sufficient to have been ‘no-
ticed by him had he not been looking for just such a
circumstance, but, being on the watch for it, he could
not fail to notice the fact at once. It led immediately
to further investigation. I

Bending forward, he thrust the bushes aside and V

1:’ / ‘

It ‘was the result of the observation he had-

   
 
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
     
   
   
 
  
    
  
   
    
   
   
      
   
   
   
     
  

u.
an irhportant" discovery he had rna'de--an5in1po'rt-
one indeed. 
In the soft earth between the bushes, directly at the
_  which he had selected as the most likely one for
"prospective thief to have placed his ladder of ob-
rvation, were the plain marks left by the twolupl
_ parts of the ladder when it had been leaned
nst the roof of the building. _ ‘

The thief had utt€rly forgotten them, and so had
.1 them there to be damaging evidence of his work
i on, or he had believed that the thick bushes
o so effectually hide them that there Would ﬂ€V€1'
Vnger of their discovery.

y Donbtless the latter was the real reason for his not
crating them; that, and the further argument that
ingg, would happen to lead to a search for such

a

detective had only a moment at the time in
"fto study them, for he had barely straightened his
ﬁgure again and restored the bushes to-their for-
 ion,‘ when Marston appeared‘ 31’01md the

, watched the nianan he approached, and, Stand‘

_ still wherehe. was, lhotioned that the lad-

bifilught to him "there.  l '

viihere you are, Marston,”_:he said. “Don’t

nearer’. ' Passlthe ladder to me.” I

zirston continued to advance as if he had not

_a moment more he would have stepped

th_e=deteK:tive with the ladder in his grasp.

tier ¢a}}ed_‘out‘sharply to him to sop. '

« 3 ’ a'"n;"r_};1grston!”. he commanded;

 mt  the ladder to me from
-- y'nu‘nnderstahd.fthat?’f V

* .=r  toolqthe ladder

L\'12w751‘\*I'cI< C5A'i2"1-‘-ER -WEEKLY. —
r‘ed*at'the ground between‘ them. .{ T hen he uttered :-

sharp exclamation’ and immediately straightened"
1 3whistling‘-‘softly "to himself as he did so, ‘foritll

“ :d;gg,.;1$ut he "took. 

23

“But, sir, you have not told me what you wish me to
do.” You have not explained to me why you are here.
as a detective, unless iitis to" investigate the death of
my master; and I have always supposed that there was
never any doubt'as to ‘the causes of that.”

~“I will explain "all that to you later on. Marston.
Just now, there isn’t time. For the immediate present
I want you to climb the ladder to the roof, to pass off

it upon the roof", and when you have done that I will__

tell you what to'do next.“ _

“Very good, sir."

Marston stepped upon the ladder while the detective
steadied it, and mounted slowly to the top; and then,
as he stepped from it to the roof and slowly straight-
ened himself before he turned to look down again upon
the detective, Nick calmly took’ the ladder down, and
thus left the fellow helpless, too high above the ground
to attempt to jump the distance without the risk of
breaking a leg. -

For a moment it was plain_that Marston was greatly
startled. An expression of absolute fear swept across
his features, and he gasped out: _

“Why, sir, what does it mean? Why have you taken
the ladder away?" i

The detective laughed aloud.

"Don’t be frightened, Marston,” he said. “I have.‘

only removed the ladder for a few moments. I have
done so to aid me in applying a test. Now you are all
right, aren’t you?”

“Yes, sir, only I would rather have the ladder ' ”

“All in good tini,e,pMarston. Tum about and look
at the glass ‘roof. pNow ‘tell me :IIs it possible forvyou
to climb up that roof any distance at all, by clinging to.
the framework?” ' ' ’

 

“Only a very little, sir; and I am afraid that I: will I

slip and fall.” - ‘ ‘

f‘Oh,‘ I. don't think so. Anyhow,’-I wish you to lay> ‘

‘yourself out on the roof against that glass whilell re-
_ turn to the house’ and observe you fromthe inside.

Now, remember, sprawlupon the glass and against it,  ,
as imuchfasfpossihle, while I am absent. I will return»
. ‘infa moment and replace ladder for you." I s- '

  xrnnons.
«x.  ~  .< ‘.1 J ;

 i5ract'xa1ly,  
 .. ,3f._¥l§t:pzivate»nornwas.,.two-:
I t“ We  ~

4

     
   

 . c

p“ '- I will make."

 

 
 
  
  
 
  

( _ l *
9.4

until he had ﬁnished with the investigation he desired
to make; but more than all he intended to obviate the
possibility that the man might descend and discover in
the earth near the ladder the prints made there by the
thief when he made use of that means to ﬁnd out the
combination of the safe.

For now there was no longer any doubt in the mind
of the detective as to how that secret combination had
been discovered. The old millionaire had been spied
won through the roof.

The fact that it was made of ground glass made no
diﬁerence in that respect, for it had been a compara-
tively easy matter to remove one of the diamond-

,shaped panes and to make the observation through the
space so created.

But there was always the likelihood that the sharp
eyes of the old ﬁnancier would have discovered the
shadow made by a human presence on his roof. It was
that thought and the explanation of how it had been
avoided which had determined the detective to ex-
periment as he was doing now.

" ' ‘And he had no sooner entered the ro'om beneath

\ the dome than he was satisﬁed that no person could
‘have remained upon that roof while the old man was
 the room below it, without inviting certain dis-
covery.

“A man shrewd enough to have laid all those plans
and to have carried them out successfully, would eas-
ilyhave overcome that one difﬁculty,” mused the de-
tective, as he looked upward from the interior of thé
room to discover that Marston’s form was plainly out-
__lined against the sky. “I must look for further evi-

'} dences of hisgenius before I decide upon the future

’He remained inside the room only" a moment; only

I ’ long enough to determine what he went there to dis-

‘cover; then he returned at once to the ladder outside

I 2 the ‘house, and,‘ ‘having replaced it, called to Marston "

I tojdeseetid. I

i i   manwls plainly oﬁended. I-Ie ‘resented ‘the

" kg-manner in which he had been treated, and as soon as
-_‘‘he was ‘on the ground, lie ‘demanded: ‘ V
I ~ “Mr. Carter, will you tell me‘ why you took the

. i ‘  ladder away? It seemed to _me-—-—”

 i"'C;'a.tcI:' hold of it,” said Nick,‘ interrupting him.
 it'over,yoI__1der.  is the idea. Thank
 TI.>on_'.t be .95¢n<£éd.§’jMarét'on. . 1:. was m as
 i‘to‘obaerve" " ‘   Tfrori1.tl_1‘e_injide,'“arid'_I'jdid
not  ‘you to  I was may to. have

.tfhat”even after his death it ‘would require the presence _- l

. .‘tiveness of hisstatement, he turned toward the_safe5 ‘

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

“I hope, sir, that you found what you were search-
ing for.”

“I think I did, Marston.”

“You have not told me yet, what it is, Mr. Carter.”

During this small play of conversation the two had
carried the ladder away from the building, and now
Nick isent Marston to return it to the stable; and
while the man was absent the detective began a fur-
ther investigation.

If you could have watched him then you would have
been amazed by his methods.

He ﬁrst stood at some distance from the building
and slowly counted the diamond-shaped panes of glass
from the top, down, along one of the lines. Then he
produced a pencil and paper from one of his pockets
and made some ﬁgures upon it. Next he backed away
to a distance from the walls of the building, until he 5
was half-concealed among the grove of trees at that
side of the house; and here he made more ﬁgures on
the back of the envelope. '

He had just completed his mathematical problem
to his satisfaction when he saw Marston returning,
and he met the man half-way.

“Come into the private oﬂice with me, Marston,"
he said, in a tone that was intended to be cordial; and
a moment later, when they were again in the room near
the safe, he added: “You have indicated to me that ‘
you know nothing of my purpose in being here. Has
nothing been said to you by any person in reference
to the robbery‘ that was committed in this house?”

“Robbery, sir? \Vhen? VVhere? How ?" 4

“The safe was robbed, Marston,” replied the detect- .~J
ive, seatinghimself in the chair of the former owner 
of the place. “I don’t know exactly when it was done.

but I am rapidly discovering how it was accomplished."

But Marston seemed only to have sensed tlie ﬁrst‘
part of the detectives statement. His manner was 
plainly one of great surprise as he exclaimed: ’

“The safe has been robbed ?’.’

“Yes,"'replied the detective.

“But how could such a thing have been possible, sir? 
Mr. John Snowdon never revealed to any person the T;
secret of the combination of his safe. I have often 
heard him make that positive statement. He boasted it 

   
    
   
   
  

6f "four different persons to :>pen'it.”
‘‘All of which is quite correct, Marston.” M V‘
"‘Then how could the safe ‘have been robbed? ‘It was 

notpblown open. It would _show_ it, if such it thing j:

had "been done.” And as if to emphasize” theiposi--i

   
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
     
   
   
 
 

Q35 50°“ 3.% a "g‘estu're of [outward incredulity: Nick

I49!.1.,°{vatch,ing him narrowly, ”

‘ :_“There wasonly one method by which the safe could

have been openediwithout blowing it open,” he said.

Youknow what that is, as well as I do.’f ‘ I
“The combination?” V

_ I I know, positively, that Mr. Snowdon
mpt“ the ﬁguresof the combination an absolute secret,
looked in his own breast.” .

“And yet, Marston, there were times when he was
-r ed to make use of that combination himself,
ﬁeren °_ ’t there?”: ‘I n I
5' ‘To be sure.”

:“And if heiwas resolved not to tell the secret of
0 any other person, the only method by which that
agcret could be discovered, would be to observe the
man when he was in the actual act of opening the
- pie; don’t you agree with me ?"

“Yes, sir; but ”

‘Why ‘do you hesitate? What were you about to
an ' .

‘was about to say Mr. Snowdon was very partic-
«about, that. He never opened the safe only when
was entirely alone in the room.” «

V ossibly.”_

Then how could another person have observed him,

\

I __.detec’tive pointed to the. glass roof over their

Igdorilt understand,” said Marston. .

i°old'm_an might have been observed from that
Marston.’ Did you not understand that it was
i  ethe possibility of‘ such a thing that I séiit
 the ladder?” , I
Idid not then know what you were in-
’ unless it was something connected with
 * It did not occur to me that the
 rubbed.” » '

\ ‘ 0

s strilce lyouas being
‘tsnot _ your‘ province

.1 \:Iv
.: »- A

‘ _inj_~ the" 

-I require, of you is M

_. 'NE't7VM1.\IICK CARI‘ER WIEEKALY.

' co

Ul

“It is.”

“In your capacity of secretary, you were more or,

less familiar with his private affairs, were yg;i_J1ot?”

“Yes.” _

“Did you at any time know what that safe con-
tained ?” i

“No, sir.”

“But ‘you did know that it held a large amount of
money and other valuables ?"

“Yes; at least I supposed so.”

“Now, Marston, I will make an abrupt change
the apparent subject.”

“Yes, sir.”

“The interior of this room has interested me greatly.
In making a thorough examination of it with my eyes,
Ihave observed several things which I wish to have
explained to me. V It strikes me that you are the most
likely one to supply that explanation.” ,

“I shall be only too happy to do so, sir, if possible.”

“Very well. I have noticed among other things that
these walls are not only decorated with paintings and
engravings, but that there is a curious arrangement
of mirrors between many of the pictures. Can you
explain to me why Mr. Snowdon was so fond of
mirrors?"

in

“It was a sort,of hobby of his, sir,-” was the reply,
delivered somewhat nervously, the detective observed,
with a smile. ,

“Precisely. Now, from the position in which you
are seated, you are facing the safe. Just to the right
of the safe you will observe one of the mirrors; over
there, do you see it?”

“Yes, sir.”

“If you will look into it you will see there the face

of a second mirror, located at another of the planes

of, the octant of the room. Do you see that?”

“I see what you mean; yes, sir.”

“Well, what is the last thing you see in that mirror
at which you are now looking, from the position in
which you are sitting——which, by the way, is” precisely
the same as if you were seatedon the stool directly

in front of the safe,’ at the dial. What do you see P”

“Why 2, It is—-—‘yes; it is the door through the pas-
. \

sageway l", i ..

ll

“Precisely. If you: were on your knees in front ‘of. «

ythe safe,"workirig.-atT‘j.he"dial,i or if you‘ occupied the
stool‘ which -the old.man used ‘for that purpose, you

d_stilI ‘see '_th_¢  "whichgives entrance to this

<r<2<>ﬁ» ebuldfrott ‘    

as  as.tn%s_nin8r‘ti5I   '

 

’ . jg  We1I;‘V(¢‘1J0\§_’ .observe.one of the reasons for I

  

 t


"the old man’s fondness of mirrors. He did not-wish

_ to be surprised by any person who might appear sud-

, deulysat the door while he was engaged in opening the

,safe, and so he provided that system of mirrors to

render such a surprise impossible. Have you quite

grasped that idea?” The detective was smiling now.
_;-_“«Yes, sir.” , o

- “Change seats ﬁﬁlith me-; so. Now your back,isWt_o—

ward the safe. Pull yoxir chair closer to the desk.

[Phat is it. Now the door is before you; the safe is
'.behind you. However, if you will glance into that

_ _ tpirror to your right, you will see through the reflection
« ' . Q'f other mirrors upon which that one acts, the safe
 I-door. Doyou see it?” ’
1 2 ~‘7Yes..”
  \ “You {knew that these mirrors were here, did you
jg  not Marston ?”
  “Certainly. I . ” 
  you thoroughly understood what they were
"V:-for.»-d,idn’t you ?”
‘ f » “Really, sir, I—--—- No, sir, I did not. It is all a
usf  rise to me_.»g A great surprise." ‘ .
, In that case, Marston, I have still greater surprises
ulystore. for you.’i.. V p ' ,
,‘.‘,What do you mean,-sir ?” . _
?‘There,are still other mirroxis here, Marston; and
  are other uses for them, too: Do you mean to
llrne that you do not understand what they were

he?” ' 

 
 

  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  

‘I
1
1

.  <;H.1A.1ir'1~iR'x1L 
:,.*1?iE,$Es?iiT .51’ int fktvisrt knots. 

. n*‘.did‘~not_.;reply:a He was plainly ill;-at ease,

-A  detective with interest,: al-

A‘ ,i T l;,":"ihe said,"‘if yorridid butilénow it-. you are

  in what Ijam about. I hope you
"   lgestt-eﬁorts.to*.do so,” . - -

BM“ «    
  ppii1tiug.:;nith ‘hisffinger
i  ' - 5 «;pplROe{g'0ppb3ite;- him,

  
  

    
    

 1

$3  3

  

 

 
 

‘feet with a loud cry. His right hand ﬂew toward one

  

NEW NICK" CARTER WEEKLY.

“Ostensibly they are so, of course Bu't'°‘:€ Search‘
know that they had another purpose?”

“No, sir.”

“What, Marston? Are you quite sure of that an-
swer?” V

“Yes, sir."

“How long a time have you known cords to be ar-
ranged in this room as those are.now arranged?”

“Ever since I can remember, Mr. Carter.”

“And you have never investigated them beyond the
apparent use that was made of them?”

“No, sir.”

The detective crossed the room and manipulated one
of the cords, thus raising one of the_diamond—shaped
panes of glass in the roof. Returning to his seat, he
began adjusting an oval mirror that rested on a ped-
estal on the top of the desk, and, having arranged it to
his satisfaction, he said:

“Now, Marston, look into that oval mirror and tell
me what you see.”

Marston had suddenly become frightfully pale. His‘ -

in

eyes were staring and his lips were dry; but neverthe- 
less there seemed to be a sort of fascination about the 

oval mirror which he could not resist, and slowly his
eyes turned upon it. i

’ .
But the instant they restedtliere, he started to his

of his hip pockets, and in another instant he would

have drawn a weapon, and without doubt have made 
. use of it, only that Nick Carter was too quick for him. ,
That the detective had foreseen this outcome of his 
experiment, was at -once evident, for he was in every ~_'=-_
way ‘prepared for what followed. Marstoxfs act, in“
attempting to draw a weapon, he anticipated by start-5-,4;
ingforward from his chair and half-throwing himself‘;
across the top of the table-desk; and at the same time‘ if
he seized the arm that was extended -toward thej
weapon, and jerked it to one side. i,‘Then, hesqueezed
itaridp twisted it, and vvi_th_the resultithat the revolvefg;
 might‘ otherwise have been  against the de«;;
—;tectxive,i was dropped to the ﬂoor; and so the two men?"
stood, staring at each other across thetable, N_ick_.with _p
s  expression or sternness . in
'_f'ace,of  despair--ofiabjeet terror.

  ff1s(:5:',r.stoxt,%' isaid';-Niel: .¢o911y. but retaining I’-his itogeii. 4
.. .‘ the ‘man: so; thatf; ‘he could not -hope ;t9.»;esc4p?¢i  1

his seyesgglkiarston with  ,

  
 

— '55.:

41"

        
  
  

  
 
  
  

vw»:-v

  
 
 

   

   
  

  
  

   
  
  

    
 

  

    
  

 
 

  

,‘ .~és.nm; -of a criminal..<'—£9r;~x¢;u.‘lIéV¢_£”‘ 
=1 ’ nsvsoivrass , ¥9h.'ar¢-this =m‘<1.s=t,tnning.t huf’79.uha\'¢~’

  

L

;. ..~.+.'.s .t »‘ -_.

    

   
  
 

   
   
 

   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
    
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 

as soon as I saw you and talked with you; and when
you so glibly told me of the relations that had existed
between you and your master, I was positive.”
K‘ He paused for an instant, during which he forced
Marstory around the end of the table to another chair,
(I quickly snapped handcuffs upon him; then, after
warning to him that he was not to attempt to leave
e chair, the detective continued:
I “You made another mistake, Marston. You should
t have spoken quite so highly of the man who was
~- confederate in this aﬁair; and you Should I10t
(_ e attempted to prejudice me against Algernon
‘ “ owdon. Such methods almost always have a boom-
effect, Marston.” _
He pausedffor there came a summons at the C100?
the passageway, and stepping to it, Nick admitted t0
. room three men: Algernon and Peter Snowdon.
‘a I _’the lawyer, Mortimer Green.
x’ "As: they came into the room they gazed in surPTi5e
ﬁheihuddled ﬁgure of Marston. handcuffed to the
" of the chair in which he was seated.
You hardly expected‘ that I would ﬁnd and capture

Irnile. “But it was all very simple, indeed, 0nC¢ I
here on the premises. I will explain 1t- t0 YOU
s- ly. _Mr. Green, I hope you are able to tell me
5 e_ Mr. Clarence Snowdon is to be found?”

I can answer that question,” exclaimed ‘Peter
don, before the lawyer could reply. “He IS at 3
ligsanitaﬁtnn in this city. where he is being treated
‘N besetting sin. You can guess what that is

either.” - . _ A _
good,” said the detective. "Now, If you will
with’ me for a moment, I will explain all
*°  .
‘lwﬁﬁng for a reply, the detective placed
in a line, Behind the one occupied- by Mar-
 tg the new arrivals to o_ccui>y them-
 dogg sofhg éssurned for hirnself a
 in_ front at the prisoner, so
 ' . coﬂdfnot   effect the story
"*w53‘;v_abh“,tl;g_'9;t¢u ‘would have upon the
_  would be allgthe
 gang‘ x’ ;the_ ‘omervation of- Nick Carter,

 
  

.1

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

criminal so soon, did you?” said the det¢Cti\'€; With

 a full and complete con-

22

ston, but really addressing the others. “Marston, if I
am incorrect in any particular detail, it will be your
place to correct me.”

He waited a moment for a reply, but as none came,
continued:

“When Algernon Snowdon brought me into this
room I spent much of the time while I was here, study-
ing it. After I had sent him away, I continued that
study; and I saw many things here that interested
me.

“The most important of them all seemed to me to
be the peculiar arrangement of the mirrors. There
are twelve arranged about the room. as you will no-
tice. They are of different sizes and shapes. but that
is an unimportant detail and was indulged in merely
so that they would not attract undue attention if any
one who happened to enter the room chanced to notice
them. I wish you all to follow me closely, if you
please.”

The listeners nodded their assent, and the detective
continued:

“Mr. John Sno_wdon was a man who liked to know
everything that was going on. The, mirrors were ar-
ranged so that he could do so with the least possible
trouble. He could sit at hisgdesk and see into the open
safe behind him without turning his head. He could
sit at the safe and see the door through thepassage,
and, indeed,‘ any part of the room behind him, with-
out tuming his head. But he could do more than that:
He could remain seated in his chair in front of the desk
and see down the driveway. or the pathway from the
house to the gate, without rising from his position,
and simply by changing the position of that oval mir-
rorlthat always stood on the desk near to his hand.

“The discovery of those cords yonder, developed
that fact to me. I manipulated the cords and found
that they worked certain of the diamond-shaped panes
of glass in the roof over this room. They were there
ostensibly for ventilation, but as I quickly discovered,
were really for the purpose I have named. Do you
understand?” ' .

“Thoroughly so,” replied Algernon Snowdon. “The

use of mirrors, was always a hobby with my father. I’

might have told you as much had I thought of _.it.”
Itwas Nick's turn to nod, and he continued:
“Well: when I had developed the ‘case that far, I
decided that if a persoucould see,out of this room,
through the roof,’by the aid of mirrors, another person
could so.arrange'rnatters asito see into the rooin from

 the outside,  the same means. It was simple, if only -
M Q I could detennine haw it.was_ accomplished '

    

v

“I had already been led to suspect Marston, for the
reason that some one who had ready and almost con-
stant access to this room was a necessary part of the
‘plot; but the plot, in order to be well carried out to a
‘culmination, needed two persons.

 .“After you had gone from here. Mr. Snowdon, I
sent Marston to ﬁnd a ladder, knowing already that
therevi should be one. I madehim climb to the top. of

A the?-glass roof and took the ladder down, thus inaking

V  a prisoner there, and frightening him. I did it

‘i 1»-;.:i1_t order to test my theory more thoroughly. He did

. Ntiot stand the test, and I knew that he was guilty; but
  needed proof of it——-«which was supplied wlien I

kurprised him into a confession, or what amounted to

L. gaofession, aiterwe reentered this room.

‘iﬁmtlemen, you may not realize it, but those cords
against l-thevwalls, communicate with several of the
diamond-shaped panes of lass in the roof over this

 {and,each one of them so used is a mirror. It

noticeable from here, but closer inspection proves

l’o::¢1er*to make use of those mirrors from the

“icle,iai1il in order to impart to it sufﬁcient power to

Ajthe dial of the safe, two things were necesszlryz

@114: was that the operator should climb -to the glass
e to takelcareful measurements, and after that.
iatﬁlte. dial’ of the safe. was to be observed, it was

"Sat not only that the: re-quirerl pane of glass

raised from theiinside, but also that it shoulrl

apgroaehedivaindio properly adjusted By. human hands
gw" raised. After that. ha maniri the grove

' oftltei hottsej who had a small telescopes

oi1.,.rgould easi_ly_ read ,t.hevﬁgurc’»s on the

chain/;this.room;‘,‘Tl.  ~ ‘ -

0 e‘i.'5'thiigs_. were n.eees§ary_.o That oval

I hjatl.,t_of be;plac,ed.‘inVa required

. was only or;e;iii3n‘,who could do
_ i€ll$<,$7:i¥'at6=ss' ‘that. some one

to —tb§lo§'eratorTo;rtside the house, when

 ‘vzhoiitﬂto  o1;er3eti5;5‘,.=3/Ilarston again.

    " ~ '“ Li$hecl.‘iThe ‘rob-

'ti1l%the"o1d‘ man

  

   
 

  
   
  
 
  

   

     

  

  

J  ‘ii

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘tlmse statements was the result of guesswork. Mar-

,,,¢y,.wa,,g§d the. ,£ession»on’the.;[:art of Marston. Ivlediri ﬁ:!t,;rn‘toj_ ~

again. after it’ was ,visitéd my the sourwmao 

    

     

“Gentlemen, it was then that he was killed. It be-
came necessary that the robbers should escape.‘ We
will say that the safe had already been looted, but they
had to get out of this room. One of [Item sprang for-
ward and srisczl I/to old man, inlcnding to choke him;
but iizstcad of doing that, the old man's hand was
t/zru.s't fon‘1'bl_v for-:.'ara', and 30 2:115 im/mlcd upon the
steel rod." The detective paused for an instant, and 7
then, pointing an accusing ﬁnger at the prisoner in the i
chair. he shouted: ‘

".»lnd t/acre sits the man zu/zo murdered John‘ Snow- “i

    
     
     
     
     
       
     
   
   
    
    

don, /ifs be';wfact0r./" ‘ mom

“It is :1 lie! A lie, I tell you !" Cried Marston, at—  Fl
tempting to start to his feet, but sinking back again,  
helplessly. “Clarence Snowdon did it. All the rest ﬂung?‘

 
 
   

you have said is true, but. it was Clarence Snowddn
who killed his brother: not 1."

Nick Carter turned away with a smile.

“You observe. gentlemen, the force of moral effect.”
he said. “I had absolutely no proof whatever, of my»
stzitementsg anilnearly all of the important part of

 
   
      
  

stun had keys to this room; outside there. are imprints
made by the l-adder: beyond that, under the trees, are‘
iruitpriiits where Clarence Snowdon stood when he
lunk, his observation. Here are the mirrors and the;
corcl.<. 'l‘ho.~.-te are all the facts that-I posse.ssed.l Thef
rest was guesswork. Clarence Snowdon was in thi ii‘
house that night. Marston firetenderl that he was
drugged. The safe must have been robbed that nigh
and Mr. .$‘nuwdon must have entered this room whil_e:*:;
the thieves were here. That is the guesswork part 0
it-—-but you are all witnesses to the confession?’ L
It only remains to be said that niuch of the money.,
and the securities. were later found in the possession
of Clarence Snowdon. 'l‘heJscale<l envelope, contain .
in thedrawer in the safe was still unopened, aitlmug
alsoin his possession; but Algernon secured it, and pit
it away unopened, saying‘ that it was his fathers pm
.v,atc business. One more thing ‘on-ly] Med.» be said, an
that was derived from 3  andpzore complete up

  
  
   
   
    
  
  
     
     
 
 
  
  
  
  

    
   
   
   
  
    
   
 
  

  
 
  

    

    
  

together,  sent_ to ‘i do: so by ,ciarea:‘g. ’ ,s,mxwa¢;;~‘:w
l that‘ Imnethingieincriniinatlng; i:ii’iaht.'ha ’
“¢tt.:"but,It%£irrgton-‘l"izi  :3“ttlta’.Ii 

  

K.¥

     

   
 
 
 
  
 

\

 

  

NEW YORK, Mai-¢h'13, 1909.,

   
    
     
   
  
  
   
   
  

‘rum: 'ro_mcx cumin weaxui sun. sunsciusalts. ~
(Postage Free.)
st-as Copies or Back Nmnboﬂ. lc. Encl-

....................... 650. One 
,. gr”........................ 850. 2 oodles one year ------------ --
 ..... .... ... ........ .51-25

 

uneasy. coin, or postage stamp: in orainary1otte1'-

.................$2.50.
4.00
1 copy two yearl ..........  -1.00

'  to ‘sgod Kaaey—By poet-omoe or express money _0l'd€!'.
 z . tum. but check ordr-rt. at our mu Amour 0'11 risk If 8°“

.3.o.|pu.3eoeipt or your remittance is acknowledged bf proper
to otunmber on your label. It not correct you have not been properly

‘uul slonldlctlnlnow at once. _
G 3-“, STREET & 5Ml‘l‘H. Publishers. .
4-_‘ 5.“, lfrvrﬁbtt 79-so seventh Avenue, New Vorlr city.

 
 
 
 
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
     
    
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 

iBym’)VARDS.ELLlS.

1».

 

t:ur;pus,,shutHin" gait, going sidcways,_ as though

*" "' " 333- forge through the air. He

{9n3¢r,.‘aud, {in addition to his other

aiytsu his “ ’  

‘ ‘ﬁts. the t.raiit>4:_x.[l§nown as ljid
inévzduar

 
 
 
 
 
  

‘ ‘  Wt bins

'2  in all prpicc

_ '3 cold. gloomy night, in an autumn, several years ago,

' 2 trappers were seated around their camP‘ﬁ"° 3‘ the ‘me
Rocky Mounhins. It was at that particular season
year just succeeding the .reign of thﬁ €<1u“1°°“31

‘down-‘within a lonely gorge, where the light of their
'4 .3 Wis securely screened from the prying eye of any wan-
’ V  and where the roaring wind passed harmlessly
I 7 heads; They had eaten their supper of buffalo
aadmyge]-e no“! iudulging in thelf  3Tl.(l SUN‘).-,
>.'_['p}*_.j_v'¢;e-3 hardy set,‘tho,se trappers, with their
gpd  faccs, crossed by cicatrized wounds and
ya  3 soft of jovial recklessness, acquired from
. . . ‘mﬁiﬁarit1,g.vw;th'danger. Each possessed a spare,
is-fag,’ \iﬂ-'|i_ch_. held in reserve formidable strength,
cigdufauge, and a panthcrlike agility. The eldest,
 a pgculiarity in himself. He had an.
‘.  3 ,bu1g.;ngV.no;¢, and, when walking,

,“Giant,”,wcll‘_knewing that this would e

i A pcitries’ had been mighty skearce tor two , , , _
 and so we concluded to strike put £0: anew spot: Th'ink~ , ‘

-- ingias howvwe would make ‘
i ‘ Iikeiy “tb<f“be' disturbcd"b'y any
 ptintutis pa‘rt;of.the country »

  
   
 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ~ «/29

as awkward and uncouth as could well be imagined. His‘

nose was a decided tum-up, with an illuminated point, like a
cherry; his upper jaw jutted over the unden, and his smile
was such that instead of ornamenting it disﬁgured his face.
Different in temperaments and character, the three, from
long companionship, were alike in their love for their peril-
ous calling, theirdisregard of personal danger, and their

, determined persistence in the pursuit of any object.

“A splendid night this," remarked “Giant,” as he caught
alive coal in his ﬁngers, and, dexterously dancing it in

his palm, dropped it in the bowl of his‘ pipe. “What a pity -

we couldn't have such weather all the time?"

“What’s the use!” cried Drake. “We’d soon get so tired
of it that a regular storm of thunder, snow, rain, and sleet
would be a relief. I pities them people in the settlements.
\Vaugh !”

“W —h-h-a—t do you p-p-pity them ion?” stammered Allmat,
winking his eyes and nodding his head, as though it would
assist his articulation.

"They suffers so," replied Drake feelingly. “They misses
all this enjoyment, this ’c-re booty of camping out, this get-
ting chawed up by b‘ars, and yer ha’r raised by Inj ins. They
misses all that, and I pities them!"

The trapper was in earnest, and heaved a great sigh out
of commiseration for his’ deluded brethren of the East,
who failed to participate in the blessings enumerated.

“I pities them," he added. “and yet they doesn’t deserve
pity. for if they knowed exactly how things was in these
parts they wouldn't come, even then.”

“Sh-houldn’t th-h-ink they would," remarked Allmat.

“What is the reason they wouldn’t P” demanded Drake.

“D—d-on‘t see the fun, I s’pose.”

“Waugh! 1‘ knows that.. Hain’t you ever had a b’ar I
hug, Allmat ?” A
“No.” ‘ '

“I don't blame the Van‘ that 'jccted to embracing you,
’cause why, he couldn’t stand it; but yer's as has" been
hugged‘ by them same critters.” ‘

“Lct’s heart about it 1"’ asked “Giant.”"

“it ain't much, nor worth the tellin’.
ashamed I spoke of it'." \

Now,‘ if anybody beside the trapper himself had ventured
to make this rernarkihc would have roused the an er of

\Vaugh! I’m

Drake almost ‘to the sticking-point. The truth was t at not.

one knew better than himself that the story he was about

to relate was the most thrilling episode of his life; but it

was his manner of depreciating what he "was about tosay.
“If it ain't worth ‘tcllin’, keep your meat-tra" shut," said

_ , he the ‘nar-

TKUOI. c

.‘‘It ain‘t much, but what it is I’ll let  ‘It's: now ' 1

about ﬁve years, sin’, me and Dick aniantfstarted for
tr‘appin“-grounds up in Oregon; Beaver. 'ns,_ and other
, three reasons,

 
 
   

  

 In wherepive wan‘:
ofﬁhe boys, we tool: the moun-
‘ g _ square amoﬂg'"th‘e Black-
"ﬁat every ct'ittei'~t'hat "wore “a '

  
  

  
  

. . ?« -
‘that‘was=tearin’.4nad,‘ a ,

  

V l3e§n;:ini anﬁdiitigr,-i"§~t  the least.

Wﬁl at g ;§lorious_tlu$;c:éina,s‘we got.

had’ V20!


.skin,. itch, being theI*case,'Allmat,,you«woul;ln't Vhaje ‘ i i

  

 so

are very 'sagaciated, as they say in the settlements, and

have got long heads. They had a great dispute over the

matter, but come to the conclusion at last that, as we hadn't

attacked them, they wouldn’t tackle us, decidin’ that we had
.~ got to strike the lust blow.

“Waal, I reckon we did strike the fust blow, the second,
and I shouldn’t wonder at all if'we struck a few more.
Leastyays, we soon had such a pile of peltries that Dick
proposed that we should start for hum. Being so far off,
howsumever, and the Hudson Bay posts being so much

; nigher, we made up our minds to dispose of ’em at one of

‘ these places. So we started, our mules loaded down till
they was inwisible under their peltries, looking like big
turkeys crawlin’ around the country.

“We kept a sharp lookout for Blackfeet, and had hard
.work to steer clear of ’em. I don’t b’l’eve we was ever out
of sight of their camp-ﬁres an hour at a time, while we
daren’t touch of? a toothpick for fear of drawin’ ’em down
on us. The farther we got the more of the thieves ’peared
to be around, till at last we daren’t sneeze without holdin’
a beaver-skin over our noses to deaden the sound. Dick
sometimes rode on a spare mule that we had, and one day
hethought this critter looked as though he was going to
«cough. Knowin’ that it would never do to allow that, he

jumped off, knocked him in the head, and rolled him over -

some rocks, and Dick felt proud that he had saved us so
easy. The other mules, seein’ what had took place, kept
thela1i1..lIl011thS shut, so that we wa’n’t troubled in that way
at

“One day we reached a high mountain which Dick wanted
to pass over, while I wanted to go round, as I was sure
it was full of Blackfeet. We arguﬁed the question a long
while, till to end the matter I give in, and we commenced
ascendin’ it. '

“We went very keerful up the mountain, and queerly
enough didn't once see‘ sight of a redskin; but on the very
t‘ , when we was goin’ along very still, all at once-—I say,
Xllmat, jist fix up that ﬁre a little, will you.”

“Yes; g~go on," replied the hunter, doing as he was re-
quested.

“Waal, as I’s sayin’, we didn't see nothin' till we got to
the very top, which seemed very queer to both of us, for we
lrnowcd the Varmint was an all—ﬁred sight thicker than your

. creditors are, Allmat, when you show yourself in the States.

j But that ain't here nor there. We was walkin’ along very
'. ‘et like, when'whiz! bang! come twenty shots, and Dick
‘ I ansant keeled over and went under without so much as
sayiu' ‘good-b to a ieller, and, what was more, both mules

was riddled ough and through, and all the peltries gone.
Things looked so squally about then, and my topknot got

an uneasy that it lifted my cap from my head. Afore doin’

I anything rashly I took an observation, which was rather
hurried. If I seed one redskin, I seed thirty jumpin’ over

the rocks, lin’ and wigglin’ their ﬁngers as though they
already them in my ha’r. Sendin' a shot among ’em,
’ Irthrowed my rifle and run, the whole pack tearin’ after
- .me like mad. Jumpin’ along from rock to rock, they all
time ﬁrin’ at me, I at last got down in a valley, where
gilﬂd was level, and then I done some tall travelin’.
, -oﬁ safe enough, if, just as I had got a nice
, > _ valley, there hadn't-—-— I say, Giant, just hand

 alight for my 'pe, will you?” ,

' 8. Aint you done with that htory yet ?” -
got anice start, what doyou s'pose I met?

"5-seine Injins.” ,, ‘ ~ ' I ‘

a ‘",‘‘An elephant.” ._ , , i .
 i “»—-No‘,.air; Inset unthinﬂnore nor rm’ than}-we grizzly
 ashiguelephanta. ',had'se‘e'nnaecon1in’
" and had start out to eeplaee where I was
narrow that I couldn't  while the
nit. . grizzhes.had

 
 
   
  
   
  

a

I  condo’ on 

1 . - .

      
 

r that.

' been u set.

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

their backs up, too; their mouths were open and slobbering
with foam, and their eyes was as red as the end of Giants
nose there. I looked ahead and seed it was no use to think
of slippin’ by them—-they was too cunnin’ to let me do
I looke behind and seed it was just as bad with the
Injins. So w at do you s’pose I done ?”

“Sh-hot ’em,” replied Alhnat.

“Couldn’t do that, as my gun was throwed away.”\

“Run by them?” ventured “Giant.”

“Couldn’t he did, I tell you.”

“S’pose you went under.” .

“No, sir; didnlt do no such thing, though matters looked
enough like it just then.”

“What in thunder did you do, then?”

“Waal, sir, I took another look and concluded I'd try the
b’ars afore the Injins. They was standin’ close together just
then, and I run in atween ’em. They reared up on their
hind legs as they seed me comin’, and I catched each of my
arms under their fore legs and I had ’em fast. They
squirmed and tried desperate hard to git loose, but it wa’n't
no use. As I held ’em they butted their heads together till
they was mad as fury, by which time the Injins had come
up. Catchin’ the grizzlies in my arms, I throwed ’em right
in among the redskins, and in shorter time than it has took
me to tell it, they had chawed up every one of ’em, and,
when I left, was picking their teeth with their tomahawks!'’‘

;. -_..,.. -4. _._..~. .

I

Windward signiﬁes toward the wind, and leeward the op-
posite direction, or away from it. Starboard and port sig-
nify right and left, and apply when a person stands with
the back toward the stern of the boat or vcssel,’that to the
right being the starboard side, and that to the left the port
side. The terms were originally starboard and larboard, but
as the ends of these words are the same, confusion and ac-
cidents were the result, and larboard was therefore changed‘
to port. On the beam or abeam signiﬁes abreast the middle
of the vessel: thus, in passing a point of land, we say, such-
and-such point is on our weather or lee beam-for instance,
the Volunteer was right on our weather beam or lee beam
at noon, etc., according as the wind may have been at that
time, when we were exactly abreast of this headland. The
two most important terms used in sailing are “luFf” and H
“keep away.” The first signiﬁes the bringing of the boat’s _
head toward the direction from which the wind proceeds;
the second that of making the boat’s head fall off from this :7.
direction. As the helmsman in a boat should always sit to
windward, or with his back to the wind, he will cause the V
boat to luff by pushing the tiller from him, and to keep away  V
by pulling it toward him. No beginner in boat-sailing i- 17
should ever sit to leewardaof the helm, for he will not be‘, :
able to command the tiller in such a position, and when a

flaw of wind strikes the boat, he is quite as likely to push 
the tiller from him as to pull ittoward him, in which cases
the boat, inste'ad of coming up into the wind and relieving
herself by shaking the sails, will be kept away, and feel the
whole strength of the flaw. In this manner many boats have __ 
VVhen a boat or vessel has ‘the wind on thej
right side to a person looking forward, she is on the star- _
board tack, as it is called, and has the right of wa over an- 1 
other vessel or boat which has the port tack. e vessel ,, ;
on the port tack is, by law, compelled to give place to thb 
other by going to leeward, and i she does not bear up and “_ 
avoid a collision, she is condemned for any damages tl'Ia$~

may result, . 1 g 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

 Promoted—Couidn’t “Make Good"--Pot Back at histold Jobs.
Humiiiated—Confidence 6one——Opportmu'1y ((m¢d_
Suppose you were advanced--as indeed you hope to be—would you be prepared

for your new duties-or would ;ou make A “hit or miss" effort and‘end in dismgl
failure through lack of training '

 

‘N’ . The element of ‘‘failure'' need neverffenter into your can“ if you [nu the ‘pedal

training such as the International Correspondence Schools of Scranton can impart to
you in your spare time. Success will be doubly sure because I. C. S. (mining makes
you an expert at your chosen occupation. Keeps you movin up. Raise: your salary.
{Helps ‘you to gehbfth hand; on a lbeftzter poiitiongwhere begore you merely viewed it
rorrin istance. 2 es you_a uccess ymar ing clutched ’
you can‘ be helped. Mark it now. Doing so coupon you ‘nu lam how

:::*::?:::“:a¥':a*:»‘::::.*  5414 /em:/we (oz//=0/v

  INTERNATIONAL OOIIESPONDENGE SCHOOLS .

Can" compel Success- n ‘“""m."“"‘“
one ,wmm r ob ion
. . I can qllll I';te..e:ploy$u:u:ir odvu‘Ia‘o‘enoa°:lu.

 

Ioblt
You can quickly and easily put youroelf in
a position to earn more through I. C. S. help ‘ hr 
without leaving home or giving up your posr- - ' Ila-. 195811331):-
tion. There are no books to buy. So longas ;g‘:;,-,_,

you can read and write the I. C. ‘=8. hu 3 my
to moke you 3

About 300 students every month VOLUN-l
i ‘MRMY report salaries raised through I. C. 5.
help. ' During January the numbermu 287

_ A postage stamp brings you the very
information ounocd to brook away from
Failum an win Success. Is your future
worth it} Does your ambition ‘unify it?
Then, by all means mark and uni the
coupon IlOW—before you forget it.

      

 E

  

 

 

 

 



‘C.--.

    
  
 

.331——-Nick Carter's Thumb Clue.

' 87'!-—’i'ho Last or the Se

A 886-Wh pa
§§7—'l'he Gamblers Last Hand.

-4‘ . , Ni
-186—’—'l'h¢ Captain of the‘

3 431-

 434--’-'!'he Cruise ot the Shadow.

 

The Nick Cal-t.er Weekly

BEAUTIFUL OOLOREO OOVERS

580$ EVERY SA TU%AY

When it comes to detective stories worth while, the NICK CARTER WEEKLY contains the only ones that should

be considered. They are not overdrawn tales of bloodshed. They rather show the workings of one of the finest minds

ever conceived by a writer. .

The name of Nick Carter is familiar all over the world and the stories of his adventures are read eagerly by millions,
in twenty different languages. No other stories have withstood the severe test of time so well as those contained in the
NICK CARTER WEEKLY. It proves conclusively that they are best.

We give herewith a list of all the back numbers in print.
be sent direct by the publishers to any address upon receipt of the price in money or postage-stamps.

50S—The Gentleman Crook's Last At-t.
5U9—'l‘he "Skiddoo ‘ ot the K. U. 9‘; '1‘. ti

Front 510—The Last of the Outlaws.

511——.\'ick Carter's Twin Mystery. T8—An Automobile Duel.

512—A Battle of Wits. T9—.l.'lsper Ilyanls Counter Move.
5l3——A Game of Five Millions. aS0~——An International (‘niispiriit-y.
51-i—Codinan the Poisoner. 581——Plotters Against a .\'ation.
5l5——The Plot of the Poisoner. 5S2——.\iignon Duprez. the I-‘entale

-1-i1—'l'he Greenhouse Tragedy.

'i'5—The Yellow Beryl.
-i~i2r—A Clever Grab. ‘

7 —The Dead Man on the Roof.

33-i~——Nlck Carter's Crooked Trail.
7‘.'——A Double-harreled Puzzle.

335—Nick Carter's False Clue. 4-l3——-The M 3 er t
3-i3—Nickt Crarter anlda the Phantom omit y 0
‘ 0 Overly 119. -14-i—’l'he Crime of Union Square.
346~—Nlck Carter On and 0!! the 4-i5——A Millionaire Criminal.
Scent 446———The Broadway Cross.
352-——Nick Carter and the Langwor- .147_'rhe princess Posgeg§_
thy Treasure._ 4.l3_-the Quexel Tragedy_ 516—The Mechanical Giant. Spy. ‘
353—Nlck Carter Forging the F'et- .l50——.\iissing; a Sack of Gold. 517-—Doris, the Unknown. 583—A Mystery of High Sol-itty.
ters. -t51—'I'he Great Cathedral .\Iy.<t_ery, 518——A Dangerous Woman. .38-i—.-\ .\iillion Dollars ltewaril.
354~———Ni(-it Carter from Peril to 452—_A Play for 3 Million, 519—~—.\iadge .\lorley's Ghost. 5S5—The Signal oi’ Seven Shot=.
Peril. , ~l53—The Pear-Shaped Diamonds, 52I)——An Automobile Mystery. .">86—The “Sl1adow."
357--Nick Carter in a Finish Fight. .l55_Nlcl; cane;-'5 Human \\'e,-won, .\lysterious Stranger. 58T——A Dead Man's secret.
358——Nlck Carter and the Triple 456-759 Compact of Death, 5.. White Arm of a Woman. .’>88——A Victim of Magic.
identity. 457_.'rhe Rajalfs Revenge, 52. Man in tlie Doorway. 5-S9—A Plot Within a Pzlliire.
359-—Nick Carter and the "Queen .l53..A Tragedy or the sea, 52 —-—The Plot or the Baron. 5l'ln—The Countess Zet:i's llofen-‘e.
of Diamonds." .l,6o__xglm the strong, 52 Passciiger on the .\'1ght .3iI1——The Princess‘ Last Eiinrt.
360—N|t'k Carter and the Mlssluil -i61——Nick Carter’s Strange Power.
Jewels 462—Nick Carter and the uarix-§26——A Double Mysitery.

Lot-al. :'»92——’i‘he Two Lost (‘l1llI('ll(lt‘ll~,
7. F '3——.\liguel. the Aveii.£'.er.
36l——-Nick Carter's Great Success. burg Affair, o27—(‘lni-ice. the Coiiiitess, .. —Eulnlia. the Bandit Qutt-ii.
362———Niek Cartel-‘s Search for am3_'rhe Millionaire cmcksmgn, 528—~Clarli-e. the \\'oman Detective. :'i.‘v.»—The Crystal .\iyster,v.
Motive. ~i6~i———The Mystery Man, 529—Thé Index of Seven Stars. :’»9G—.-\ Battle oi‘ Wit and Skill.
363-—Nlck Carter's Double Capture. -io‘5——Scylla the Sea Robber, 530-—An Amazonian Queen. 597-—Vnnderdyketi, the .\iillionair-
38-i——-Nit-it Carter's Capture or the .iee._1-he Beautiful pirate or Oy5[er 531—A marlmiaiierxe Paradise. :'»9S—Patsy's Vacation Problem.
Jenkinﬂ Brothers. Bay. 532——Gipsy .\iadge, the Blat-1-(mailer. 599-—The King's Prisciier.
8§7—Nic|t Carter's Suicide Mystery. 487——.'rhe Man from Netvada, 533—Facing an Unseen Terror. 600—A Woman to the Res:-ue.
3¢0——Nlck Carter‘: Diamond Trail. 46s——Maguey. the Mexican. 53-i~——Idayah. the Woman of .\ly.stery. 601~—.\‘i<-k Carter in Japan.
372-—-.Dalaa|'. the Arch Fiend. 4-69——Pedro. the Dog Detet-ﬁve, ."u35—-The Making of a King. ll‘-H2—Talika. the Geisha Girl.
373~—'!'he Queen of the Seven. 47o__1'he Automobile Fiend, :' 6——The Empire of a Goddess. vifi3——ily Order of the Eniperor.
374——'l'he Blau of the Dagger. 471——Bellini. the Black Hand. i——Zanabayah. the Terrible. «‘.(v4——'rhe Convit~t's Secret.
V vi-ii. 472-The Black Hand's Nemesis. 538—The Seven-headed Monster. “>H5—The Man in the Dark,
382——Holdin¢ Up I Nation. -i73———An Expert in Craft. , 539——The Woman of the Mask. Iif_Itl—-An Anarchist Plot.
383——i{iduaped in Broad Daylight. 474..-mat; cure;-'5 Terrible expel-l. 5-}O—The Masked \\'onian's Daring vii-T—'l‘he Mysterious Mr. Peters.
3,85-—'l‘he Secret Order at Associ- ence. Plot, fWi8——A Woman at Bay. -
lied Crooks. -l75—'l'he Mystery of an Untold 541———liobo Harry. the Beggar King. o‘.o9~—The Balloon Tragedy.
en Aces Were Trum . Crime. 542-—Black .\iadge's Hobo Gang. G10-—.\'lck Carter's Striingest (‘av
-i'i'6—-Diana. tho Arch-demon. 543-—-Black .\iadge's \'eiilzeaiit~e_. 4ii1——The Stolen Treasure.
-l7'i'—Captain Satan. the Unknown. 5-H~—A Tragedy of the Footllghis. i;12~'l‘he Island of Fire.
478-——A win;-d of the Highway, 5-I5-—-The Maynard \\'oiinm‘.< Double. ~li3—The Senators Plot.
4'.'9._Abdm-ted tn Byoad Da_v_ 5~iR—Three Against Fifteen. 61~i——The .\iadness of Morgan.

the

IOIUIUIUIUI

 

 
  

 
  
 

8-—’l'he Murder at Linden Fells.
339——)(oroedes Damon's Double.
90-The Millionaire's Nemesis.

 

D1-—-A Princess of the Underworld. -I80-—The Ton: of the Tailless 5-iT—A Mystery oi’ Two Pnsseiigers. 61.'>——A .\iillion-dollar Hold-up.
382-—-A Queen of Her Kind. Dragon, 54S—A Dead Man at the Feast. 61R—N'ir‘k Carter's Submarine Clue.
393-—IIahIl Benton‘: Trump Card. 481-—'!'he Padlocked Mystery. 549—The House of Secrets. , 617—l'nder the Flag of Chance.
394--A P710065! ‘of Hades. -182-Damn. the Dangerous. §_0——The Lost Bank President’. 618—The Case Against Judge Ber-
(01--Tho Houarvith the Open Door. 483—Nick Carter‘: Murder Problem, .mi——Ralph Bolton‘s Double Plot. .

iiard.

552 The Dare-devil Crook. 619———l')own to the Grave.
553—A Mystery from the Klondyke. 620——'l‘he Fatal Javelin.
55~i—-Returned from the Grave. 621——The Ghost of Nick Carter,
555—The Mystery Man of 7-1,19 622—A Strange Coincidence.

623—Panline-—A Mystery.

I12-i—A Woman of Plots.
- G25—A Millionaire Swlndler.

402-'7' r5501!!! of Assassination. 48-i——A Battle Among the Clouds.
40% Trail of Vampire. ~i85—-The Veiled Princess.

DI of t-it ht -l86——’l‘he Conquest of a Kingdom.
487-—‘l'he House of Skeletons.
488—A Queen of Inferno. Ranch.
489-—l\'ick Carter's Foxy Adversary. 556-—A Bad .\ian oi‘ Montana.
490~—ThreEo'll"l1m]t: in Peril.  also fl'0£]_ Arguing.
491——The ttered Dagger. 5. — urry‘s ast tan . , ,
-i92—’!'hat Mysterious Affair. 559——A Beautiful Anarchist. '39:-—Th° -‘WHEY Scheme”-
i93—A Dead Guardian or Millions. 560-—Tl'le Nihilist’: Second .\iove. i-2-—0n the Trail of the “con.
-l9«l——The Mysterious Treasure 561—The Brotherhood 0! Free "-‘3-‘—'T'l'19 HD1150 Of M)'~‘!0l'.\'.

Hunters. Russia. ~l".’9—The Disappearaiire of .\i.:.n-
495——The Klondike Bank Puzzle. 562-».-\ White House Mystery. sieur Gereaux.
429-The Phantom Highyayman. -I96-—The "Bad .\Ian‘‘ at .\'onie. 563—The Great Spy System. 63ﬂ—An Heiress to Millions.
«I30-.. Million Dollar Hold-up. ~i97——The Black Flag of Piracy. 56-i——'l‘he Last of Mustushimi. ll31——The Man in the Dioszrziph,
ick Carter and the Man with 498-—l=‘olIowlnx an Ocean Trail. 565—Seorets oi‘ a Haunted House. G32-—The Time-lot-k Puzzle.
the Crooked Mind. 499——A Clue from the Clouds. 566-———A Mystery in India Ink. 633»-The Moving Pit-ture .\l}’.>‘lv'l_V‘.
43 -——Nick Carter‘: Convict Enemy. 500—-Praxatel, at the Ironarm. 56T~——Tlie Plot of the Stanton»: 63-i-—~'l‘he Tiger-tamer.
43 The Pirate of the Sound. 502-islnaila. the Chieftain. .'i68—~The Criminal Trust. of -'——A Strange Bargain. ‘
503——Nick Carter's Earthquake Clue, 569~—The Syndicate of Crooks. v-.'*l(‘.——'Tlte Haunted Clrt-us. '
50-i~——Nick Carter Among the Bad 'O—The Order of the Python. -i.”.'.‘——'rhe Set-retofa Private Room.
3/Ien. l——Tried for His Life. 'i3h‘~—-A Mental .\i)'3l9l')'.
505——The Man of many Fat-es. 2-A Bargain With a Thief. ¢‘.39——-The Sealed Envelope.
506——-A Letter from the Dead. 3——Peters. the Shrewd Crook. v‘i«lO——-The Messageiii Blue.
507——Bnre-faced Jimmy. the Geutle- 57i-The Mystery of the Empty 641-A Dream of Empire.
man Crook. Grave. tT~l2—Tlie Detective‘:-i Dlsappenrain r‘.

Vampire.
401-—A Bank President‘: Plot.
408-The Masked Criminal.
409-—'l‘he Carruthers Puzzle.
410-—Inu. the Mysterious.
4‘l1—'i‘he Criminal Queen's Oath.
12—-The Point of a Dagger.
2-—-By Command of the Czar.
-—-The Conspiracy of an Empire.
24--A Queen of Vengeance.

 

435--A Prince of Inipostars.
43s..—'r.ho Mystery of John Dashwood.
437-PolloI'ing a Blind Trail.
458--—'lhe Crime of the Potomac.
439--In the Shadow of Death.
H0~—~‘!'he Pear-Haunted Broker.

 PRIOE, P FIVE OERT8 PER OOPY

’&a.nt any back numbers of our weeklies and cannot procure them from your news-dealer, they can be obtained direct
 from this oilice. Postage-stamps taken the same as money.

.  5
lmrltr: a smru, Pubusuars, 79-as szvavru AVE-. NEW ram:

   

"'12!

You can have your news-dealer order them or they will ‘

.. 

 

 

 

   I"

———.——————=- ESPECIALLY IMPORTANT! I

 
 

3

MOTOR SRTORI

  I’ ‘]‘“Neii/R Idea in thi’e"‘Way: of Five-Dent Weeklies.

Boys everywhere will be delighted to hear that Street 8c Smith are
now issuing this new ﬁve—cent weekly which will be known by the
name of MOTOR STORIES. I I

This Weekly’ is entirely different from anything now being published. Alt de—_

tails the astonishing adventures of a young mechanic who owned a motor cycle.
Is‘ there a boy who has not longed to possess one of these swift little machines.

7that scud about the roads everywhere throughout the United States? Is there as I

boy, therefore, who will not be intensely interested in the adventures of “Motor
l\’Iatt,” as he is familiarly called by his comrades? ‘

Boys, you have never read anything half so exciting, half so humorous and
entertaining as the ﬁrst story listed for publication in thisline, called "Motor Mall;
01', The King of the Whee .” Its fame is bound: to spread like wildfire,
causing the biggest demand for the other numbers in this line, that was ever
heard of in the history of this class of literature.

C . . .
 Here are the titles to be issued during the next few weeks.
place an order‘ for them with your newsdealer.

No. 1.‘, Motor Matt; or, The King of the Whed.

No. 2. E3‘ Motor Matt's Daring; or, True to His Friends.

No. 3.  Motor Matt's “Century" Run; or, The Governor’s Courier.
No.‘ 4i’. Motor Matt’s Race; or, The Last Flight of the Comet.

Do not fail to

32 LARGE SIZE PAGES SPLENDID COLORED COVERS

PRICE, FIVE CENTS‘ PER COPY

ATQEALL NEWSDEA-LERS, OR SENT POSTPAID BY THE PUB-
LISHERS UPON RECEIPT OF THE PRICE.

’ STREET" ea SMITH, Publi.s°her.9, ‘NE WTYORK

E s

.._-n,~1»_-.'._n r»—A,;-rmA_',,_ 4,_4..'_4_ ._ , A

