No_ 1182 NEW YORK, MAY 25. 1928 Price 8 Cents

as 5»
MAKE MNEY.

  “‘mtMNu % V mxn % ':

uR,THEBnY wan; AS up TD run Mmur: .

(M4744 57'/P[E7’5'7Z7}?)'J'<    : >75£Z/'-/1///2»."_/1/I/V.’-'

I

Jenkins. in n. mrtoun rage. made "a. nun at Tslbot, but a grabbed h and had him back.
united by White. “I'll xlrnvou you squealer!" roared ’ struggling
clerk. shdnnx ' - his side partner in guilt.

  

 

  

Price 8 Cents.

leaned W kl'—8 b l ti I . $4-00 I‘ year C 1' . .50; F rel 85.00. C ht, b 
Welthlgy uhl‘lleh'lc;gpC:.l.' 13;? e140 Uedarpestreet. sVev:Mx(o':kn.  !. watered’ as second’ 1133?; ’ '
Z Doe. I. 1011. at the Poet-Umce at New xork. N 1.. under the Act of larch 3. 1810
. =
_  No. 1182 NEW YORK, MAY 25, 1928

“Back-Number Bixby”

OR, THI:'.“BOY WHO WAS UP TO THE MINUTE

By A SELF-MADE MAN

CHAPTER I.—-The Game Begins

“Say, Talbot, what do you think of this new
kid the boss has hired to run his errands, and
’tend to things generally in the ofﬂce?" asked
Samuel Jenkins, second bookkeeper for Natian
Bixgy, stock broker, of No. — Wall Street, one
morning when the “kid” in question was over at

the Exchange with a message to a trader in the»

board-room.

Jenkins, who is a fairly good looking chap of
eight-and-twenty years, but rather handicapped
by a shiftv look in his steel-gray eyes, and a sin-
ister curve to his mouth, had left his desk and
walked over .to that occupied by Tom Talbot, the
junior clerk of the establishment, who looked after

~ margin deals and other matters that brought him
into touch with the customers of the house.

“What do I think of him? I think he's a pretty

' c_lever_ lad. He seems to be slicker than greased
l1gh'tmng.i If any boy is up to the minute he is,”
answered Talbot.

“Well, I don't fancy him,” said Jenkins. “You

5 and I don't want smart boys around this oﬂice.
You know what I mean," he added, signiﬁcantly.

, “He can't interfere with us. He isn't in .the
counting-room."

“I know he isn't; but he's got a sharp pair‘ of
eyes and he knows a thing or two about this busi-

  We xnustﬁet him out of the oﬂice."

' “How can we. _

_ putting up some kind of a job on him.

.‘.‘.-Thatoughttobeeasyforus.” _
2*: “B'ut the old man has taken a great liking to
» (. 'FfWhat if he has? Bixby is out-of-date—a back
 ' . We can ﬁx things ‘so he'll sour on his
, ,  He’: our meat, and you and I are feath-
 our aest at his expense. I don't propose to
 a map by takin any chances with that

":'::s'ymi:tb° Hi °i{e" t ‘d fb tl’

. must go rt 0 , in ie I
3%! ﬁtywith the boss, and Dolby. too,

~  cashier doesn't count. He's a
.9181! Bixbv. He's been here so lonﬂ
* into alt:-ut.gand can’t. see anythiﬂt

at things arcane:

 

 

3.

we nurse matters properly. I’ve studied that boy,
and in my opinion he will prove dangerous to our
interests if he stays here. An ounce of preven-
tion is worth a pound of cure. That's the line I
‘go on. Understand?"

“Yes.” ,

“Very good. I’ve let you in on
and I hope you appreciate it.’

“Sure I do.”

“A good thing has got to be watched and taken
care cf. Mv brain is always on the job. I'm
always looking ahead, and weighing contingencies.
That’s the secret of our success in a nutshell."

“Yes, you're a pretty clever fellow, Jenkins.
I’ve always admitted that."

“I’m glad to see that you appreciate my abili-
tics. Stick by me and I'll make your fortune."

With those words Jenkins strolled back to his
desk with a kind of half deﬁant. half contemptu-
ous glance at the old cashier, whose back was to
him, and who was busy with his books, just as he
had been for thirt old years in the employ of
Mr. Bixby, one of all Street's “old guard.”

No man was more respected in the “Street”
than Nathan Bixby. He was of the few active
links between the days when gold was the moat
important article'of speculation in the financial‘
district and the present day. He was full of re-

a good thing,

. miniscences of Daniel Drew, Jay Gould, Jim Fish

and other lesser lights, who made history in Wall , Q.
Street. He could tell you all about that menr . 
orable “Black Friday.” brought about by a corner
eﬂected by Gould and I-‘isk, when rain ltalhd I‘
abroad in Wall Street like the phantom “Red ‘
Death” throughout Europe a century or two he- ‘~-
fore. The young members of the Exchange wm- - . ‘
dered why the old man did not retire. 8
forty years or more of continuous connection wi ~*_
the Street ought to be enough for any man. eIpe- ~ '3»
cially one so well ﬁxed Ilnan ’ aa Bixbywee ‘-
looked upontohe. Intheiro '_ .heha,¢ﬁ-.:

lved h uufillae-:3 and alluded to

t‘homsel‘:es as “ -namb‘:r“

pleasantry tickled . ' V. -
- boys 'uaed_ ”

   
 
 
  
 
 

  
   
 

  
  

       
   
 

       
  

      
 
  

 
    
    
   
   
   

 .-.6’

at“-'

2
h'omthedayheenteredtheoﬂee,fortyyears

sin e. until he retired for good on a pension two

weeks before, he had never done anything‘ else
than carry rnesaa for his employer. erks
hadcomeandcle had ,manyofthto
the cemetery, during that time, but Andy Adae
never ired to a desk in the counting-rt-om.
Hy ‘i‘dn'tBnobone ﬁould say but hinaelf an:
[man 1-. is y. is wages were vance

r by year until the day he left he was receiv-
iv: six or seven times the was: of any Ofdlnlfy
mceser-ger. He and cashier l were the old
standby: of the h and now P. Dnlby. With
his white hair and rt tray heard, was the
“ast of the Mohicans."

He did not ask to be retired. Had he dne so
it is not im robahle that Ir. Bixby would have
decided to ut up shop and let the curtain fall
on his Wall Street career. Dolby would
Erohahly die in harness if his employer survived

rm. and it seemed likely that Mr. Bixhy would
'businessaslongasDolhywazableto
perform his duti always providei that Death
did not take a in the  When rheuma-
tism put Andy Adae out 0 business, Mr. Busby
red for a new messenger There were
more than a hundred applicants, but Joe Jarvis,

i

a good-looking, and sharp-e_yei lad. got the
job. He was as rewd a looking boy as ever
Wall Street, and he fairly exhaled

into

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY”

CHAPTER ll.—'!'he an of Hearts Trumps
a ve

When Joe Jarvisbustled into theoﬂce afterhis
return from the Exchange, the clock indicated
half-past twelve. Jenkins was putti on his hat
to "go to lunch. He was always the to look
after the inner min, and Talbot didn't go out
till his superior returned. Miss Ienoux, the stenog-
raphcr, an old maid of thirty-ilve, didn't go out
at all. She either brought her lunch or sent Joe
downstairs to a Pine street lunch house to pur-
chase what she wanted.

The cashier sometimes went out uid sometimes
sent Joe to get him a sandwich and iece of pie.
Hr. Bixby rarel went out himself. foe was sent
out to buy his rug-al lunch, and he ate it at his
desk in ‘his private room. As for Joe him-
self he didn't eat till he got the chance, which
was often not till after three o'clock. As soon as
Joe reported his return to Dolby he knocked at
the door of the boss's room and was told to enter.

Hr. Bixby was alone, readi a ilnancial paper
through a pair of gold-ri eye-glasses. He
was a ﬁne-looking gentleman. of live foot ten.
dressed with scrupulous neatness in gar-rnents of
the best material and of proper cut. As far as
appearance went he didn't look like a hack num-
ber except as to his age.

“What do you wish for lunch to-day. Hr. Bis-

by?" asked Joe. .

The broker picked up a small sin of r
from his desk and handed it to him th s 
bill. The boy took the paper and the hill. folﬁd
themtogetherandshovedthemintohisvestpoeb
et. then he retired without another word. He
marched straight into the counting-room to Kiss

lasox’s tahle.

_ in; downstairs. Kiss l.enou‘."’ ha
y.
“Nothingﬁtlo-day." she replied.
Joewal overtothecashierandaskedhim
the same question.
' ' and chicken sandwich,"
teen cents out of his pocket

....... '*:::::"°‘ “'....,*"'r* m
a was

roker in the Hills Building, 3:: he
th it. As Joe hurried down Broad

POHIIPI
traé of
to e passer-by. She was neatly dressed. but her
garments were of poor material. which showed, in

  

.4-

et la ' out a nickel on aboutonniere as an ex-
cuse or addressing her, but as_ he had no use for
the article, for he didn't think it the proper,ca 1‘
for a messenger to wear one, and he didnt eel

v as if he had the nerve to present it to the ofﬁce

, atenogra
he determined to purch

pher, he didn't buy one. On this occasion
ase one, and was making

, a beeline for the girl, when "two brokers stepped
'.up and began to talk to her while investing in

boutonnierea. Joe decided not to buy till he came

’ back, and shot by her like a high-power automo-

bile engged in a race. There was no _answer to
thenotehecarriedtothe Mills Buil .S0h9
wentbacktoward Wall Street atredu speed-

? As he approached the corner, pf Exchange place

 the hole in_ the lapel of his 5

 

again, an unruly group of messenger lads came
tn‘ ' up the side street. after a general
tussle at the end of the corner buildi_n , the sud-
denly made a rush for the ﬂower gir , ! 501"
rounding her, began to tease and hnnoy her. The
Iiiggat of than, a tough—looki'ng, red-headed cha ,
pretended that he wanted a boutonniere._ _e
seized the ﬂnest on the tray and forcing it

et, while the
others guyed him. _ _
“That's ten cents," said the girl, regarding him

“Dat’s all ri 1:. Charge it up ag’in me, and
I'll come ’roun one of dese days when I get rich
and settle up," said Reddy O'Rourke. _

"I can't afford to trust anyone,” replied the
maid, nervously, for she scented trouble. “You
must pay me now." _

‘Iadatafact? Wotapitydat Ileftmecheck
but at de oﬁce.” _ _

“If you have no money, put the boutonniere

VI

ot, after I’ve stuck it_in me jacket? I ain't
no ten cents, but I'll give yer ten  I'll
;&t’ll soot yer better an de money.

“Don't you dare touch me!” ﬂashed the girl.
. ‘ I

§

The young rullan hesitated at carrying out his
hold  n, and might have g_IvEn_ “P P13
ﬁofgi, 1: his companions began geelfl him.
daringhiintokissheigandaskin himif ewas
afraidofagirl. Thatsplirred imon.an<H:e

her roughly,’ causing her to drop her
of and scream out. He threw one
_ around her neck to draw her head toward
hniahutthatieasfaras he t. The nextmo-
he was sent sprawling into the gutter by
tremendous blow from Joe Jarvis; fist.
dashed to the ﬂower girl s_ and: K339?‘
boys left and right. His face blaaed
' ' sndiieiookedsodiinserousthat
other ll:d no relfiglh ftgrﬁbuttilnt 13- R53‘
tough, wever, t ' eren 7- .
aecustoined to hard knocks, and not used to tak~
ing them  He scrambled to his feet, {I5
mad as an angry bull. He had no diﬂicultf 1“

3

E

ego
E

singling out his aggressor, and he started in to
»:dal'mo&:nhiaown 'rstyle. ‘H
‘Wot dyer hitine£oi~,eh?’’hesnarled. 111

E ' ' ' ’ ' bout half
2.; jwipe4!.e' sidewalk up wit yer in a _a

 h swung his ﬁsh t Joe in quick succes-
Thﬁyoung ‘ the blows, and
.” Q

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY”

    
 

 

surprising rapidity, and the girl was pushed aside
and her stock in trade trampled on and ruined.
Reddy was surprised but not defeated by the
thump he had received, though it was a corker,
and had jarred his head all over. He put his
hand to his face, spat out some blood and then
sailed in again. Joe blocked him easil and land-
ed a second crack on his mouth. Redydy tried to
get back at his assailant, but Joe was an artist
at the science of self—defence, and by the time a
policeman came up he had almost done up the
tough boy, who appeared to be game, and took his
punishment like a prize-ﬁghter. The ofﬁcer grab-
bed both of the belligerents.

“Fighting, eh?” he said. “It's a station for
both of you chaps.”

“Hold on,” objected Joe. “I had to thump this
fellow in self-defence. He insulted the ﬂower
girl here, and I interfered to save her.”

“Tell that to the sergeant at the desk. My
duty is to take you in,” said the cop, who didn’t
propose to pass on the merit of the case, as he
hadn't seen the cause which led to the scrimmage.

The ﬂower girl, seeing the scrape her champion
was in, pushed forward and seized the policeman
by the arm.

“Please don't arrest him. He isn't to blame-
That boy took one of my boutorinieres and would
not pay me for it. When I asked him to give it
back he caught me in his arms and tried to kiss
me. Then this boy knocked him down. The other
boy jumped in and began to ﬁght him,” she said,
earnestly.

"That's right,” spoke up a bystander, who had
witnessed the whole occurrence. “This lad did
the right thing.”

“If you saw the affair you'd better come to the
station with us; and you, too, miss. That’s the
only place where this trouble can be settled," said
thiriiﬁcen reed 4 hi pol

espectatorag tooso,so e iceman
marched Joe and Reddy down Exchan place,
the 'rl accompanying them, and a crow follow-
ing ind- When he lined the boys up at the
desk, Joe explained his side of the case. The
ﬂower girl corroborated his story, and accused
Rcddy of assault. The man who accompanied
them also spoke up for Joe.

“Who are you?” asked the oﬂlcer at the desk.

“My name is Joe Jarvis, and Pm messenger
for Nathan Bixhy, of No. —- Wall Street." .

The omcer knew of Broker Bixby, and Joe
looked quite respectable, while_ the tough boy,
who was sulky and had nothing to say, was
rather the opposite. .

“Lock that young rascal up,” he said, nodding
at Redd , after he had given his Game, occupa-
tion, an where he lived. _

“Will you and the girl appear against him at
the Tombs?" he added, turning to Joe.

“I will if I can get 01!,” said the boy.

“I’ll see that you get off, for I’ll send an aﬂcer
after you- And now, young lady, I'll have to
detain youasawitness unless! canhaveaom
assurance that you will prosecute.” .

“I'll guarantee that she'll be on hand, «was. ’ . 
said Joe. “I'll take her.to the  ,5‘;
her there till ‘ , -‘ " W3"

  
 

the Tombs.” you ‘end ‘, .; 

  
  

  

sir," he added, turning to the witness, “your tese
_timony‘ will be required, too. W111 you appeal‘
at the Tombs at three o'clock?" _ _

' “I'll be there," replied the man, “though it Will
 inconvenience me some. There is my business
‘.42: , card. I deem it my duty to see that that rutﬁan
_  is unished for his conduct.” _

' A e oﬂicer nodded and the three left the station

L.’ _ ' together

  

CHAPTER III.—The King Takes a Trick.

“You're a plucky lad and very handy with your
ﬁsts,” said the man, when they reached the side-
walk. “You gave that ruﬁian a good whipping,
but not half what he deserved. ' I must go now.
I'll see you at the court.” '

Then he hurried away. Joe turned to the girl.

“I’m sorry you got into trouble, miss," he said,
with his customary politeness. “And I'm sorry
that you'll have to go with me to my oﬁice. ﬁnd

. I'm responsible for your appearance.”
’ ' “I'll go with you» It was very good of you to
protect me against that boy, and I'm very grate-
ful to you. I am so sorry you were arrested.
and that you have to go to the court on my ac-
count," she said. -

“That's all right, miss. You don't think I
could see that tough insult and not chip in to
protect you?” -

“It was kind of you, and I thank you for it.”

“You're welcome. So your name is Crystal
Rand?" . .

The girl had given that name to the sergeant
at the station, and said she lived on Varick street.

"Yes.

“You heard me tell the oﬂlcer that
was Joe Jarvis?”

0lYes‘"

“Now that we know each other, I hope we shall
be friends. I have noticed you for a week selling
ﬂowers on the corner of Exchange place. By the
way, where are your boutonnieres? You had
eight or ten left on your tray?"

“The tray was knocked out of 'my hand by that
boy, and the people crowded up and destroyed it
with what was left of my stock-”

“That’s too bad. You'll be out half a dollar,
I su pose. Here let me make it up to you.”

0, no, I couldn't take any money from you.
Mrs. O’Gallagher won't mind when I tell her
what happened.”

“Who is Mrs. Gallagher?”

‘'1 live with her. She’ the only friend I've got.

my name

She's given me a home, and is very good to me.
:l,Iew’s poor, Ind I'm trying to help er by selling
. ere”

‘;.."  “How has the business panned out?” '
  “Veryiegood. I have sold out ev day but
, to-day ore two o'clock. The gen emen who
‘-Illyofme givemetencentsforailve-cent

 two each gave me a quarter tqday

 of tauasnt boutonnieres."

‘!


‘ P11

   
  
 

    
     

t. 1'11
..;3."i

't be out any— A

wwmw

.«<./ 7,‘ |_>,_»_‘_

“\BACK-NUMBER BIXBY”

“No, no; I'll save a nice one for you, but I
won’t take any psi for it."

“Nonsense! a e the money.”

The girl, however, wouldn't take it, so he had
to let the matter’ stand.

“What number on Varick street did you say
you lived at?” -

Crystal told him and Joe wrote it down.

“Here is the building where my office is. It's
one of the old oflice buildings of the street. My
boss has been located here ever since it was put
up. He was one of the first tenants, and he
sticks to it for that reason, I guess, and not be-
cause the rent is cheaper here than at the up—to-
date skyscrapers.”

He led her to the elevator, which took them to
the third ﬂoor in a twinkling, and thence into the
office, where he handed her a chair and a news-
paper to en age her attention. Then he went
into the pri te oﬂice and explained to Mr. Bixby
the trouble he had got into through defending the
ﬂower girl. -

“1'll have to go to the Tombs Police Court by
three o'clock to appear against that boy,” he
continued. “I hope it won’t inconvenience you
much, Mr. Bixby, but I'm afraid it can't be
helped. A policeman will be here after me before
three.’-'

“Very well, Joe. I'll be able to get alcn with-
‘out you. I'll tell Mr. Dolby to send Tabot to
the bank in your place.”

“Thank you, sir. I took the liberty of bringing
the young lady up here, and she.’s out in the
waiting-room. I did that to save her from being
detained atethe station. She's the principal wit-
ness in the case."

“Very well," said the broker.
harm in her sitting outside."

Joe then went to the cashier and explained
things to him. He peered out at the girl and
said it was all right. There were quite a num-
bervof customers in the waiting-room, talking
and looking at the ticker. Crystal was more
than interested in looking around and notin
what was going on than in reading, for she
never been in a broker-'s oﬁice before, nor, in
fact, any other oﬂlce, and everything was new
andst toher.Joebro tachairand
talked wi her till he was call to go out again.

“I won’t be out lon ,” he said, as he
for his hat. “N y will bother you, use
ﬁtand, so you need not feel nervous at beiru

ere." '

She smiled and said that she would not feel
nervous, though her situation was so unusual,
and he departed. Joe was out and in till about
half-past_two, when a policeman a peared, and
was walking us to the cashier-‘s win ow when the

boy cut him 0
guess?" said Joe.

“There is no

“You're after me, I
“Are you Joe Jarvis? ‘
“Thats my name."
"Is that the 'rl who is to go alohg?” a&d'
the Yoﬂlcer, nodding at Crystal. --
II An ,
“Am I to speak to your em layer? -The sen
geant said it might be  , *
:No. it I've gotnperuusnon to go.'.'

Joe told the l,!“'r 

3»

       

  

    

-*_'.'.V “Come, Miss Rand," said the boy, motioning
,,;-.to the girl. . _
_.;_.Crystalgotupandcametohini. _
;-5 _.'~"’l'hey accompanied the policeman downstairs

    

—and up to Broadway, where they t on acar.
.Joe and Crystal took seats, but t e officer re-
«mained on the back platform. When the reached
Leonard, street they got off and walke down to
' Center. The court-house was on that corner of
the block, while the Tombs prison was on the
other corner adjoining it. They were soon inside
 and the liceman notiﬁed the clerk of their ar-
rival, an the case the were interested in. It
was something over ha f an hour before_Reddy
O'Rourke was brought before the magistrate.
’ He was charged with disturbing the peace_b.V
ﬁghting on a public thoroughfare, and technical
assault on Crystal Rand. _
* “I couldn't ﬁght wit’ meself, and. I ain't no
more ilty dan de other feller,” said Reddy to
the ju ge. _ .

C stal was called to the ‘witness chair and
told r" story. Joe then_testiﬁed, admitting the
part he took in the affair. The n who had

- volunteered as a witness _was on h d,_ and his
testimony helped to justify Joe's actions and
make the case blacker for Reddy.
. "Now what have you to say?” asked the
' rate, turning to 0’ ourke.
. “ ot’in’," answered the tough boy, sullenlY-

"Ever been arrested before?”

“Nope.”

“Who do you work for?”

mes &dCo., stﬁck tbrokers.”

. 'rty ays. ex case." _

'11 I go to de Island I'll lose me Job." pleaded

“I ought to give three months for your tech-
nical assault on that girl. I've let you down
easy, because it a pears to be your first offence.
Take him away, er." _

O'Rourke was shoved back into the Pen» and

y afterward was loaded into the Black

aria vehicle, with a score of others, bound for
Blackwell’s Island, on the East River. It was
(our o'clock when Joe and Crystal left the court.

_” ,“No use of me going back to the oﬂice to_-day,”
he said. “I'll see you home, Miss Rand, if you

.' don't mind." _ ”

?‘'I'ha‘.nk you; but don't call me Miss Rand.

‘It said  a smile. “Nobody calls me that.
name is rystal.

 call you Crystal if you call me Joe. No-
bodycalls me Mr. Jarvis."

_. ,"Iwilldoso,"shesaid. _

.‘ " So they started on‘ together for Varick street.

’ cinr-ri-in I'I.-—A New simiiie. '

7-C , ﬁnally arrived before avbg tenement
which Crystal said she ii on the $09

you  and see Mrs. 0'Gallagliei-1"
_ "will like to thank you for

C‘ "re-

ww-c a'~;,-in 4;.

 

"‘BACK-NUMBER BIXBY"

  

in-, sewing on some custom work she was doiii
for a Broadway establishment. She was a typi ,
Irish woman,-stout, red-faced and muscular, but

had been so long in America that she had scarce- _"-

ly any brogue. She was surprised to see Crystal
in company with a well—dressed boy.

“Mother, this is Joe Jarvis,” said the girl, who
called Mrs. O’Gallagher mother. “Joe, this is
Mrs. 0’Gallagher." ~

“Joe Jarvis, is it? Sure it’s glad I am to
know any friend of Crystal's.” said the Irish wo-
man, good naturedly.

“Glad to make your acquaintance, Mrs. O’Gal-
lagher,” said Joe.

l‘;Take a seat, Joe,” said the girl, seating her-
se .

Crystal then told Mrs 0’Gallagher about the
trouble she had been in that afternoon, which
resulted in the loss of a small part of her stock
in trade, and how Joe had interfered in her be-
half, thrashing the young tough who had tried
to kiss her. She described how her champion
had been arrested with the tough, and she and
a man who had witnessed the scrap had gone to
the police station with them.

“The oflicer at the desk let Joe 011' after he
heard our stories, but we had to go to the police
court at three o'clock to testify against the boy
who wanted to kiss me. The judge sent him to
the Island for a month, and Joe and I then came
here," concluded Crystal.

“Well, upon me word, that beats all I ever
heard. So the young ruﬂanz wanted to kiss you,
did he? Bad cess to him, he didn't get half what
he deserved. The judge ought to have given him
a year. What's a month, faith? Did you give
him a good |ickin".”’ she asked Joe.

“Yes, ma’am, I gave him a pretty fair
whaling.”

“Weli, you look as if you were able to do it.
It’s greatly obliged I am to you for protectin’
Crystal- She's a good girl, and sorry I am she
has to go out sellin’ them posies. It’s ag’in me
will, but she insists on helpin' me keep the pot
boilin’. Ah, me! If she only had her rights, it's
ridin’ in her own carriage she’d be instead of
livin’ in a tenement house."

Joe looked at Mrs. 0’Gallagher, wondering what
she meant b that. _

. “Crystal, arlin’, Mrs. Ryan was in here a while
ago lookin' for you. You might step acrou the
hall and see what she wants. I'll entertain your
company till you come bac ,” continued the rish
woman, as she went on with her sewing.

“I will be back in a few minutes, Joe,” said the
ﬂower girl, ﬂashing a winning smile at him.

“All right Ican wait,” said Joe, who was in
no hurry to depart.

So the girl left the room for the apartments of
Mrs. Ryan on that ﬂoor.

“Crystal is not your daughter, I(rs.A0'Galy
lagher?" said Joe, anxious to see if he could learn
something about the pretty flower girl. _ ~

“No; her name is Rand, while mine’: O’Gal-

er. But ahe'sasgoodaaada tor

 

isn't ﬁner gi I in the world,
‘it, seeln’ras I'm 

 

She’: the comfort of my ifs.  

 

  

  
  
   
    
      
  
   
   
       

 

'  looks superior to her corldition in
 Joev -
isgt! She is. She’s a real lady, that’s

’ “she is. .
‘A real lady!" ‘exclaimed Joe.

hers, look like a young gentleman, you shall
bear story." , V
“I should be glad to,” replied the young mes-
, r, eagerly.
L ‘-~ e mother of Crystal lived in the back rooms
‘of a little store near me some ten years ago, and
“that's how I came to get acquainted with her, for
she sold newspapers and stationer and candy to
thelchildren of the neighborhood}: and I often
went in there to buy paper and envelopes, and
a newspaper now and then. She was a real lady,
but sorely pressed, poor soul, for the store didn't
-pay, and she supported herself and the child by
needlework.”
‘ , ‘Needlework is not very proﬁtable, I should
Hi think,” said Joe. ’
‘ “Sure it's not. Well, she wasn’t strong enough
to battle with adversity, poor thing, and so she
took sick and faded awa like a ﬂower struck by
a blast When she re ‘zed she was at death's
door she sent for me, told me her sad story, and
me to do soxnethin’ for her child, now
about to become an orphan. It's meself that’ll
take her under me own care, though it's poor
enough I am; but Heaven will help me to give
her the bit and the sup’, I told her, and with
p , that assurance from me, and with her poor, thin
 hand in mine she died.”

Hrs. 0’Gallagher paused to wipe a tear from
her eyes, and Joe was not a little affected by her
star?”

“ - in the poor lady's story I learned that she
had married a West Point graduate named Sidney
Rand, who subsequently became a capt’in in the
army out West somewhere. He was the youngest
son of a wealthy manufacturer———a millionaire
two or three times over, I believe he was. Sidney
Rand, when he got married, expected to leave the

 

army, and take a position in his father's factory. '

His father, it seems, objected to the lady of his
choice, not because she wasn‘t.good enough for
him, as ' go, but because she was on orphan,
and ‘poor, do you mind, and so he wouldn’t re-
ceive his son's -wife at his grand house, nor rec-
ognise her at all. He told Mister Sidney that.
y in his opinion, he had made a bad job of it in
F I  beneath him, though I understand old
 Band himself started. in life without a cent, and
,got rid: through becosnin' a trust, or somethin’
 thataort. ‘At any rate, the possession of
mpw him higlnideas, and he told hisson
; ;’ must give up his wife or shift for him-

. did he do--shake her?” asked Joe, al-

7 ti ~
he  not,” replied Mrs. O’Gallagher,
' ehenanee. “lie stuck.to her like the

         
   
   
      
       
    
       

“BACK-NUMBER sxxsr"

;. Eve3- inch ofher. Since you’re a friend of
a
her

* gﬁefton who;,has charge of the estate. 

 

their hearts. but the end, more’s the pity, was

near, thou h neither dreamed of it, r souls."
Mrs. 0' allagher paused again andmeoau a pea‘

culiar look at Joe
::¢re you ggethasked.
ery muc so,’ re 1 e young messenger.

"Well, then, would you mind takin’ that tin
can yonder to the corner and buyin' me a pint
Of beer. for it’s dry I am with talkin’ so much.
You’ll ﬁnd a dime on that shelf. See that the bar-
keeper doesn’t give you half foam, for he's in-
clined that way." :

“I'll do it, Mrs. Gallagher,” said Joe, jumping
up, though he didn't relish the errand, but he was
anxious to hear the rest of the story. “I'll pay
for it myself.”

“Will you now? That's generous of you."

_Joe grabbed the can and was back inside of has
minutes with a good measure of beer. C
had not yet returned from Mrs Ryan's, and Joe
was rather glad of it.

“At, that goes to the right spot,” said Mrs.
0’Gallagher. with a sigh of satisfaction, after
she had taken a long swallow of the beverage.
“It's seldom that I drink anythin’ stronger than ‘
beer, except when I go to a wake, and then aome- n
times I take just the least drop of whisky." But
to go on with the story: War was declared with
Spain, and Capt’in Rand was ordered to Cuba
with his company. Just before the regiment to
which he belonged left for Florida he sent his
wife and Crystal to this city to remain till he
returned.”

' “Well?” said Joe.

“Sorry I am to tell it, but he never returned."

“Was he killed?” , »

“No, he died of the yellow fever.”

“Gee! That was hard luck.” I

“Faith it was. Crystal's mother never re-
covered from the shock. Hard luck pursued her
till she became reduced to the straits I found her
in. Crystal has lived with me since she became
an orphan, takin’ pot luck and never oolnplainin’,
helpin’ me with her own two pretty hands,’ that
by ri hts should not be s'iled.with such a com-
mon 1: ing as dish water, or the handle of a broom.
though she knows in her heart, the darlin' that
she's a real heiress at this blessed minute.”

“A real heiress!’_’ cried Joe. -

“Yes. You see her grandfather. the manufac-
turer, died only a few weeks ago."

“He did, eh?” , . .

“Of ‘grief, the papers said, ‘cause his eldest son.
on whom he depended, was rown in one of the
big lakes when his yacht was lost on the meta.
If.Crysta1's father had lived he'd come in now:
for all the old man's property.”

“But Crystal is his heir, and should be entitled
to a big share of her grandfather’: estate, I
should think." '

“That's what I say. but unless some good « 
lawyer was willin’ to take up her cause an sand; ~
no chance of gettin’ her due.” _‘ . -  

“If she can prove her identity I should think ’
you could find a capable lawyer to takgjggr
up on a contingenc fee-" _ x {

“When I read a t her grandfather's: death
inlthe papers I wrote a letterto a lawyer

         
 

.  I’B0ﬁ°,h¢'I!iI¥

  

“I have no idea.” -
‘-‘He said Capt’in Rand
“But he was.” '
“To be sure. Didn’t I see the certiﬁcate myself
that she got from the minister, and have it in me
trunk for a long time? When I went to look for
it sure I couldfn t ﬁnd it, more’s the pity. What
’ became of it I don’t know; but I hope to ﬁnd It
unexpected like some day, and then ” ”
“You'll be able to do something for Crystal. _

“Maybe so. Ah, if I only knew someone with
a little money who would step forward and help
Crystal into her rights.”

“I wish I could do it, Mrs. 0’Gallagher, but the
little money I have wouldn't _do her much 8’°°d‘
However, I'll speak to Mr. Bixby, my boss. and
see if he lmows any lawyer who would be likely t°
interest himself in the case.” _

“Sure if you would do that I'd be grealy 0511895
to -you, Mister Joe. Crystal would not forget you

‘in case she got what's ue her.”_ _

At that moment the ower girl came back and
excused dierself to Joe for staying so long away-

“Don’t mention it, Crystal. Mrs. 0’Galla_ghe’l'
and myself got along first rate together, dldn 19
we, ma’am?”

“Faith we did.
acushla.” ,

Joe remained half an hour longer talking t_0
the girl, who had assumed a fresh interest in his
eyes since he heard her story, and then he took
his leave, -promising to see her next day at her
stand on Broad street and Exchange place.

never was married."

And now it's your turn,

 

' CHAPTER V_Two Queens and the King.

Joe lived with his widowed aunt_and a couple
of girl cousins in Harlem. Both his father and
mother had been dead some years, and _he had no
brothers or sisters. His aunt called him a lone
chick, and was as good as a mother to him. He
33:51‘: to whom he stood in th¢ light 0f 3
brother. .

Indeed, he showed them more attention than
most brothers accord their sisters, taking them
around to dances and other places of amusement
quite often. He was so nice to them _that they
thought the world of him, and grew Je310“5_°f
any other ' 1 to whom he showed any SPe_¢181
attention. cir great worry was that he 1111811‘?
become interested in some young lady and 7168199‘?
them in ueuce. Supper was nearl ready
when Joe walked into his aunt's little t that
aftern

oon.
“You're late," said his cousin Sadie. “Where

 have you been?” -.

 

“How much will you give to KIIOW?" _
“1“Hy is empty; 18\18l_’lﬁd thebeggt
you because ’re ways ome
1ne,andIgetoffatﬁv’e°"’1 _ , _
“ .— “I suppose if I don't satisfy your _cI1rl05ltY
you'll Inge a _ﬁt].”I have been in the society Of 8
~ 3"’ - .

" ‘ 's just like you, lﬂt91'°5l_5°d
jrla,” ‘ed Sadie, who didn't relish
a little-bit. ;‘ , ,
 anninow, Sadie, that 3 why I In

“,6”. ‘ , . .

boys-always

  

 
 

“Bi:&CIr{i-NUNIBER ‘ BIXBY”

great deal of her, and also of his«

-Joe went over the sto

 
 

“Thank you for the jolly,” said Sadie, making
a mock bow to him. ~

“Jolly—nonsense! You’re one of the prettiest
girls in Harlem, and if you wasn't my cousin, I’-'3
be over head and ears in love with you.”

“Indeed! I thought you did love me.”

“So I do. I love you and Clara as much as
though you were my sisters.”

“Well ,what about this pretty girl you just
mentioned? Who is she, and how long have you
known her?”

“She’s only a poor ﬂower girl who sells bouton-
nieres to the brokers and others on Broad street.
Her name is Crystal Rand, and I’ve known her, to
speak to, only since noon to-day.”

“How came you to make her acquaintance?”

“You'll never guess.”

“You were attracted by her beauty, I suppose,
and went up and spoke to her.’7

“Not ‘at all. I saw her insulted by a tough
brute of a messenger boy. I took her part and
slugged him in the jaw; he pitched into me, and
I was polishing him off when a big cop came along
and pulled us both in for ﬁghting."

“You don't mean to say that you were arrest’
ed?” screamed his cousin.

“I regret to say that such was the case.”

“Why, Joe Jarvis, what a disgrace! Did you
tell mother?” ' ‘

“Well, no, I haven't imparted the alarming in-
telligence to her as yet,” laughed Joe.

“I don't see anything to laugh at,” said Sadie.
“I think it’s just awful.”

“I’ll admit that it was rather embarrassing to
be marched off to the station-house as though I
had committed a crime,” said Joe. “However, I
suffered in a good cause.”

“How did you get out of it?
taken to court, we you?”

“No. The ﬂower_ girl and a gentleman who
witnessed the trouble spoke up for me and I was
let go; but I had to go to court afterward to testi~
fy against the tough boy. He got a mdnth on the
Island.” '

Joe then told his cousin how he escorted Miss
Rand to her home in Varick street, where he was
introduced to her foster mother, Mrs. 0’Gal~
lagher. Sadie thought that Joe showed altogether
too much interest in the fair ﬂower girl, but she
kept her thoughts to herself. At the supper table
again for the beneﬁt of
his aunt and cousin C ra. They showed much
concern over his arrest, but he made light of it.
After supper he went out to call on a friend,
and then the two sisters held a pow-wow about
Crystal Rand. Neither was pleased at the idea
of Joe getting on familiar terms with the yo
girl in question. They_agreed that she couldnt
amount to much if she lived on Varick street in a
cheap tenement.

You weren’t

“The idea of him going home with her from \

the court. Just as if that was necessary,” and
Sadie, almost angrily.

“I'm afraid she's some des’ ing girlywho is
laying herself out to catch him _ so he's .a ﬁne
looking boy, and works for a broker,” said

2 “Some girls will do anything to 
sniﬂed Sadie f ‘" ‘

  

 

'-.

 

  
  

‘It will be inst too    ‘ _ -' I

   

 

 :

 
 
  
 
    
    
   

‘J _ ing on her. What shall we do, Sadie? We won't
‘ have anybody to take us out."
d i‘I idterie saytﬁiere arfe kits of lioys who would 
eig to eusi teyonyknewus,’sai
.- Sadie, thinking of_ Joe's compliment, and wonder-
in§‘V}l;gl‘l' merit ‘"5’: b t th d t to
we now a ew u ey on’ seem
have the courage to call'on us.”
I ;'l‘hose rvtvlho go! calll never invite usJto go any-
’ w “eVxllee"ti°be lea infite iii]tth::h!a<ie.foIl'm sure we're
as pretty as most girls."
“Joe says we are and he ought to know.”
‘You work down ’near Wall street. Why don't
you go down to Broad street during your lunch
our and take a look at that ﬂower girl."
“I will.
a snap of her teeth.
is so pretty and angelic as Joe says she is.
“Angelic!” lau ed Clara, a bit scornfully.
“Handsome is as andsome does.”
The entrance of their mother into the room at
'.'j. ’ that moment cut their conﬁdences short, and they
1% turned their attention tomothlfr rynattetiis. Next
,. morning Joe was at the o ce rig t an earl as
 usual. His attention was soon concentrate on
 the previous day's market report. Why was he
" so interested in that? Because he had a $100
bill up as marginal rity of ten shares of O.
 the  ofdwlzich was  up. He
1 a an i was now .

Which to show that Joe was a small spec-
ulator on is_own account. It was his third deal,
the ﬁrst having been quite successful, while the

. second netted him a loss, leaving his capital at
V  double what he had started in with. This he
ins

I'll do it to-morrow," said Sadie, with
“I’d like to see if she really

1!

put up on 0. J: B., and the prospect of mak-
another $100 looked good at that moment.

“So 0. & B. went up nearly three points yes-
terday,” muttered Joe. “That’s good. I hope it
will do as well to-day, then I'll be 8100 to the
good. I wonder if I'll ever be‘ rich? If things
pan out the right way, I may.”

He turned to the general ﬁnancial intelligence,
which is mighty dry~readin unless one is inter-
ested in it, and was quite a rbed in the doings
of the Street wheililflenkins antll Talbtot came uh.
They glanced at in in no peasan way, an
went on to their desks. Miss Lenox, the stenog-
rapher, followed them, and shortly afterward the
cashier entered, opened the safe and passed out

. the books and various documents to the two clerks
, wing at their work. Joe was still read-
 ing W Street Dail when Dolby called him
 upandaskedhiinto hisink well. Aquart
ink bottle was kept, with other stationery, in the
lag in Mr. Bixby’s room, and toe went in‘
theretogetit. Whenhecameoutwiththebot»
tie in his hand the cashier had gone into the
wash-room.
Talbot, however, was at the safe taking some-
’ out of it. Joe saw him shove some paper

  

. into his pocket and slip _back to his desk.
 -.'.l‘hc action looked ra r suspicioush but the boy

' mm d'd
~- iisoui it.‘ i'i:sw:ikea into the

    

  

   

right, and ‘

  

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY”

chance to see if Crystal was at her stand as usual.
His next errand took him to the Exchange, and
in crossing Broad street he looked down at the
corner of Exchange Place and caught a ﬂeetin
glimpse of the ﬂower girl through the crowds
passers-by. It was close on to noon before he was
sent on an errand down Broad street, and then
he took advantage of his chance to go up to
Crystal for a moment and speak to her. The girl
smiled brightly when she saw him and held out
one of her hands. ‘

“I thought I'd stop and sa
stal,” he said; “but that's ah c
I'm in a hurry."

Then he left her and executed his errand. On
his way back he came up to her again.

“How's business to-day?" he asked the girl.

“Very good,” she replied. ‘See, I've sold out
almost half my stock already. Here is the hou-
tonniere I saved for you," and she handed him
the nicest one she received from the florist that
morning.

“Thanks, Crystal. That's a peach. I don'tavear
these things, but I'm going to sport this for your
sake. Then I'll put it in a glass when I get home
and keep it there till it fades, after which I'll
put it away in a box in one of my drawers so
that I can look at it occasionally and think of
you," he said.

“Don’t be so foolish,” replied the girl with a
smile and a vivid blush.

“Foolish! This is the first thing I have re-
ceived from you, and I mean to keep it as long
as I live,” he replied.

“Why, it will fade in a few days and-then be
valueless."

“It can never be valueless to me since it came
from on, Crystal," he replied with an earnest-
ness t at brought more blushes to her cheeks.
“Now let me give you something in return. Hero
is a brand new silver quarter from the mint.
Keep that to remember me by, and the incident
that made us acquainted.”

“Thank you. I‘ will do so. I will string it on
a ribbon and wear it ‘around my neck so that I
may never forget how good you were to save me
from that boy." _ -A

As she sli ped it into her pocket a custoiner
came up to uy a ﬂower, and Joe continued on
to the oﬂlce. .

-morning, Cry-
an say now, for

CHAPTER VI.—'I'he Knave Leads.

Joe had hardly disap red among the throng
of pedestri .113 when is cousin, Sadie Jarvis,
crossed the street to the corner where the ﬂower
girl stood. One _glance at Crystal convinced Sadie
that Joe's description of her was not oveidrawn,
and pre'udiced t _ough she was, she could not but
admit t at the girl was_as sweet and unaffected
as she was pretty. Sadie stopped and looked at
the boutonnieres as an excuse for sizing Crystal
up still more.

“Do you sell many of these?" she asked, picking
_one out and tendering a nickel in payment.

“Yes; I sell all my.stock every day before
three," replied Crystal, in a low and gentle tone.
“Thank you."

“Do youuhave any trouble with the

boys around here? They an*w - '«

 

  

 -r-_ 1,.» ye’ »r_ ',_

    

7 1

some ‘trouble wtih one» but

   
  

Yesterday. I had
‘Jae was arrested)’,
i “wasn't another boy arrested at the Same
= } time?” asked Sadie.
’ "‘Yes. He took my part and was arrested fol‘
thrashing the other boy; but he was let oil‘ at the
station." _
‘ Sadie was going to say something else, but two
brokers coming up to buy boutonmeres started
 her off, fully convinced that this ﬂower 8"] W35
"a dangerous rival of herself and her sister._ That
afternoon when Mr. Bixby called Joe inside to
help him on with his overcoat the messenger aSK-
ed him if he knew of a good, honest l8WY€1‘ Who

would take up a "

?.se fora poor girl who was
heir to a large es at , but had no means of as-
'serting her rights.

‘Who is this poor girl you speak of—-a friend of
yours?” asked the broker. ”

“Yes, sir. Her name is Crystal Rand.

“And you say that‘ she’s heiress to a large
estate?” ,

“So I understand from the woman with Whom
she is living.” _ _
“Bum! What relationship does she claim in the

on

' and-da ll .” '
xgilit therdxﬁrgehther heirs closer than herself,
I ?n
?‘1I'e:l‘l)l!ll'lIl: not. sir. Her grandfather had only two
children-—sons. The Y°1(11n§91'dVV,35Ch°l:' f°'§he"'“H°
'- om , in u a 0 ye ow
1';I8e1:m:iI;I‘:irr!i‘g thecggpgrlilish-fmerican War. The
elder was drowned some months ago. HlS’d$8th
was soon afterward followed by the father s. _
“Well, I suppose the old gentleman left aqwill.
which would be the keynote of_the situation.
“I don’t know. air. If he did, {and cut oﬂﬂthe
‘ t sup se a
A, 3:! tgttlf hldlrs cl’l:::§8e;8 bl.1sl?:’ven\ff hgomade 3
win ma did not expressly _disinherit her, I should,
imaging she tcguld rétilgetoftsrpdsﬁt “me 79°08-
aitao‘ ii mm c es I -
’ *1 ’ stion for a: lawyer to pass upon after
sequin’ t's‘qa‘l1leth 1 ts. It would be a waste of
 time to: us to ¢:eonsai:ler the matter. If Y0“ think
that the girl has a case, dl’lslhEi::ny:;i“a°mtg
‘£~."..*“’... .1: ‘:m" '“‘

 ‘father’: estate.” _ . ,,

. T ‘Very well. Tell Hus Lenox to ate in here.
, The Itenographer came and the bro e_r dictat-

ed _a brief noteto his lawyer. reoommendms Miss

  

Rgnd tie
is. tosrkiill 3:? lllhthe note after she
9 it.” said ﬁr. Bixby. imttms on

 olil‘ to you, sir ” replied Joe.‘
 weleo’€ai.:,” said. Che’bl'0'k9'v walkmz

   

  
    
 
 
 
 
   

 ' "§....**'*'.£°*;:.¥‘; ';:.*: 92:22:22:
 on r. Roda‘: rivate safe-
 'th

   

 

“B'ACK‘-NUMBl?R BIXBY" .

.Bixby know I’m so hard u

y has a claim on her grand- _

     

could either give the ﬂower girl the note next day 3
when he saw her on the street, or call in the 
afternoon again. He rather preferred to do the »
latter, as it would afford him a better chanv-c
for a good talk with Crystal, whom he was da-
cidedly interestei in. He reached home ear:/__ 2
that afternoon, long before his cousins came um 
town. -—

When Sadie came in she did not mention to
him that she had seen and spoken to the fair
ﬂower girl that day, but after sup_ier she told
her sister all about it, and passed her opinion
upon Crystal’s many attractions. Joe hadn't
failed to note that O. & B had gone up two more
points that day, and he ﬁgureil that was was $90
to the good on his latest deal. He said nothing
to his aunt or cousins about his speculative ven-
tures in Wall Street, as they were so small as to
be hardly worth mentioning. Next morning when
Joe i-eached‘the oﬂice he was surprised to find
Jenkins already at his desk. This was a sulﬁ-
cicrntly unusual circumstance to attract the boy’s
notice. He looked in through the wire partition
and saw that the book-keeper was writing a let-
ter. Jeiikins looked un and saw him.

“Come in here. Jarvis, I want to see you,” he
said, in a friendly tone that also surprised Joe.

 

He went in to see what Jenkins wanted. .
“Jarvis, I want you to do me a favor. Will
you?” asked the book-keeper, looking at Joe in a

pleasant way.

“Yes, if I can,” replied the young messenger.

:‘IY((>iu see this long envelope?"

‘ o.”

“It contains a hundred-dollar bond of the
Northern Traction Co. It is my pro erty, but
having a bill to pay, I have got to sel it. Now
when you out this morning I want you to drop
into some roker’s and sell it for me."

Joe was decidedly astonished at his request.

“Why do you want me to sell it for you? All
zoihhgvei to do is to ask Mr. Bixby tohuy it and

e’ o t."

“The fact is, Jarvis, I don't care to let Mr.-
,that I have to sell
this bond," said Jenkins, 1 mg a bit confused.
~“What difference will that make with Mr. Bix- »
by? This is‘: private matter of yours that should i
hardly concern him.” answered Joe, eyeing Jen- \ ‘
kins so steadily that the book-keeper gave tokens
of uneasiness. '
“Well, I'll tell you," said the book-keeper, in a f
conﬁdential way. “I've been a little extravagant.
Bixby found it out. and as he's got peculiar no-
tions on the subzlect. he hauled me over: the coal:
and made me promise to cut out card la ' and
all that in the future. To make my f so with 
him I‘ t this bond of him the other day. It
took all e spar-e_cash I had left to _do_ it. but‘
I hadto do eomethingthat  I“
‘*9 ‘“"r.:.':.:;'°:.*.'*.°.:' *~.::-  ....~e  
0e. 11 . ii on: I _
kins,,who had shown no 

   
    
   
   

 

    
   
  
 
 
  
   

   
  
 

    
  

   
 
    

_ * *1... the nofte vgx slncealgs 13:. into  
 = oﬁca or   .
"‘ ‘°”‘ “ “"*°.'...-..“'.Z     man ’
 H ' 

O

   
 

El‘

   
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
     
  
  
  
 
  
 

 

.  I have some impo _
r at noon which would prevent me from attending
‘ ; to the matter," said Jenkins, suavely.

‘ broker will do?”

‘ velooe toward him.
don't let anybody /in the oﬂice know you have it."

._ rounding

'- that ‘there

 

‘ !.r

you, but bayou go out in-self at noon,

{:1 ahoﬁd imagine that vs-v. cou ‘do the business

much better yourself,’ ’said Joe.
“I expect the‘man to whom I owe the money

I ‘A to‘ call for it before twelve, so I want to sell the

bond ‘and get the money before he comes. In any
rtant business to transact

"Very well. I'll sell it for you. I suppose any
“Yes," said the book-keeper, pushing the en-
“Put it in your pocket and

“I'd like to look at the contents of the envelope
in your presence first,” said Joe, whose bump of
‘jnniness caution was well developed.

.“Well, look at it,” said Jenkins, impatiently,

' 1! “only be quick about it."

~Joe examined the envelope and found, that it

contained a $100 bond, No. 999, Series C. of the

aortbtertnh Tractilcgn Co. hﬂavinlg satisﬁed himself
in e'enve pe in is poc et.

“gdow don't bring the money here to my desk
after you hqitre sold the bond. Keep it until I
am you for i . I may not do that till my credi-
tor appears. and then I’ll probably take you out
ln"t£I.ltc'Irr!i1l4;I:l.t be out on an errand when the
man calls on you,” said Joe. wondering more and
more at the extreme precautions Jenkins was sur-
what seemed to him a very simple mat-

“I’ll have the man wait till you get back.‘ That
will be all right," said the book-keeper, patting
Joe on the small of the back and then letting his
hand glide around his body in a careless. way till
it stopped for a moment near his side pocket.

Just then Talbot came in and Jenkins pushed
Joe toward the door- When Joe was taking his

’ seat outside he saw Jenkins and Talbot in con-

vsrsation at the latter desk. Joe took up’ the
Wall Street Daily that he always consulted the
ﬁrst thing in the morning. but somehow he could

' not interest himself in it.
a. He couldn't ‘get that strange interview with’

Jenkins out ‘of his. mind. The more he thought
it over the more singular it appeared to him. He
was a pretty cute lad-—right up to the minute in
everything. and it waspretty hard to pull the
wool over hisn?es. Jenkins’ reasons for wishing
to sell the be on the outside might be all right

‘ ..——Joe was not prepared to say they were .not—--

but gforcall that the boy had a vague suspicion
might be something wrong in the
He considered the question from all

in that, for when a person
one ~to,grind,.i?e_natur§lly gges to tgvotrlf
dinionia away. , can’ say a
'  lie’egbeen oﬂish

 
    

  

 ‘but  31 have ;

A

matter. A
istaadpointsiinard to if h old detect '“ '
 in ‘the wood°;sie.~"° 'A e °° 3
ﬂeiikins was uncommonly friendlywith me of_
'r*;:g_ madden," he thought; “but then there may be

‘in tliiwti-snsactioia ‘or you wouldnttz.

‘fjlA3ACK-NUMBER BIXBY” ‘»

4‘..'A,ll right, Mr. .Jm'kins,i have no objections to -l

/.

pretty thick, I've noticed thht with half an eye-
don't see anything but a cierk as long as he,

lives. , He hasn’t got
land himself on top.” , v

The entrance of the cashier put an end to Joe’:
reﬂections, and soon afterward he was called on
to go out. He delivered his message at the oﬁco
of a big broker, andon his way back he dropped
in at a money and bond broker’: to sell Jenkins’
$100 bond. A clerk came forward to wait on him.
He presented the bond ard said he wanted to sell

the push and energy to

it. The clerk examined the bond and then walked __

away with it. Presently he returned without it.

“Will you step into the private oﬂice, please.
Mr. New erry wishes to segyou-”

Joe, wondering if there could be anything
wrong about the bond, obeyed.

CHAPTER VII-——Who’s Trick '3

“Where did you get this bond, young man?”
asked Mr. Newberry, looking hard at Joe.
“Is there anything wrong about it?" asked the

y.
“No. It is a genuine bond. I merely asked
how it came in your possession? Did some one
send you here to sell it for him?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you know him?”
.“I do." -
“Are you employed in the Street?”
“Yes sir-” ..
“By whom?"
“Nathan Bixby, stock broker, No. - Wall

1

J Street."

“Surel Mr. Bixby didn't send you here with
thisNbon ?" said Newberry, eyeing Joe curiously.

“ o,.sir.”

“Who did, then?”

"One of the clerks in the office." _ _

“Indeed." said the broker, with an odd smile.
"Doean’t it strike you as just the least bit funny

that he should send out a bond for sale that he,

could just as well dispose of to his employer?”
‘‘I called his attention to that, sir: but he had
special private reasons that he explained to me."

“Oh! I see. Was Mr. _Bixby at his oﬁlce when

you left?"

“No, sir; he hadn't come in yet-”

‘“What_time does he usually reach the odes in
the morning?" * '

“About half-past nine.” - .

“And you left the oﬂice before that, I presume,”
said Newberry, looking at his watch in ii

wa“)l;Io, sir; I left at about a quarter of ten. ﬁr.
Bixbby is late this niorning.”

, “By the way,‘ who is the clerk who gave‘
He's the  beokc.
kee r.” - ‘  .;

“Iesupposeit would be a hrestgh  conﬂeaz ~‘

this bond to sell'!_”
“Samuel Jenkins.

 
  
   

 

to to tell the reasons etalenkins
valiicyonﬁpr wiahiglg to‘ of*'tbis"bondho§

“"Yea,i,sir..Youm1%Ifﬁnli   "

fil know. ltlisrrt‘
H.‘ I

 

 

     
 
    

     
  

. securities oﬂered for sale are the pi'opertY
- .of thepei’-'s.on.o1fering them for sale in person or

- » " t’s right. You appear to have had expe-
rience in the Street.” _ ,

.“I’ve only been with Mr. Bixby a little over
two weeks, but I worked for Goodrich & Mob)’.
who retired a short time ago, for two years.’

“Well, young man, to be frank with you. 1'01‘
 you seem to be acting in good faith in this mat-
’ tar, I do ﬁnd something irregular in this trans-
action. ’This bond is one of a set I sold to Mr.
Hxby, through his cashier. just two days ago.
These Northern Traction bonds are not often
oﬂered for sale singly, at least not the $100
brand. of which this one is a sample. They are
a good investment, gilt edged, and have never
been below par.’ They are held chiey by banks.
‘insurance and trust companies, estates and people
of means- It is hard to buy a single $100_ bond.
That fact of itself would attract attention to
our oﬂer of this bond for sale._ I doubt if 8
hroker in the Street would buy it of!’ hand. 50
you see how the case stands.”
“Well, Mr. Jenkins told me that he bought

« -that borid ed Hr. Bixby quite recently, but having
‘ it t need to use the money to-day. and 35 he

a special reason for not wishing to ask_ Mr.
Bixby to take it back, he asked me to sell-It on

‘ the outside," said Joe.

«: “He may have told on the truth, for Mr.

Bixhy, after bulying the tch of $100 bonds. 118d
the right to ae  separately if he chose to
do so; but, as I said before, it would be unusual.
so far as these particular bonds_ are _conc_erned.
‘Under the circ_unistances_ I consider it _wise to
communicate with Mr. Bixby_ before buying th_l8
band of you, or even returning it to You. said

' thsobroker _ _ _
...“.“"« -3-. ‘.2? 1:.“ :;%*.“.';’.'..z.°: 3.5::
, yourse , am I111 _
r_ with Jenkins if you let Mr. Bixby know that he
I tseiitmeouttosellthatbond,andIdaresayMr.

Biﬁby won't be pleased with Jenkins for doing
so.

 . I 'nk ‘c’ d to ' vesti-
 ibgmthglfﬂihrllmfiﬂlegu I lvv:n":ysaylt¥hat “there's

gj 1 ugcisog crooked about it, but if it should turn

'eut that there was, I would'be out a matter of
 mesa am is, if i :31: the risk at purchwns it
without question. nd 1

er tI,I’0le circumstances
. «Inbound to rotect It. _
‘ ’ Hr. Newbulzry lookIe‘dy:iep Mr. Bixby’s call num-\
' 5302-, then drew his desk telephone to him and
 to he c'*'"*~cted with Joe's oﬁice. This was

almost i. zediately, and Mr- Newberrr In-

 Bixby was at the oIllce.-- He was
was. v

Whoever red the 'phone connected the
.  ﬁi:]—;;:ate oﬂlee. and Mr. Bixbby said:
 is this?” . V , ,,,
I. pier Newarry. 11,5 that 70!!» 3”‘bY- .
3,  “ck  '
.  that i sold youten Northern

  '”““‘y "' "°‘

 
   
 

  

      
 
   
 
 

“BACK-NUMBEI2 BIXBY"

 

“I should think not." replied Bixby, after .
slight pause. “Hold the wire, please.” ‘
“I’m afraid things are not all right, young

-man,” said Newbebrry, looking at Joe.

“What does Mr. Bixby say about the bond?”
asked the boy.

“The four words he said would indicate that
he did not sell the bond to anybod . He asked
me to hold the wire. so you can ju ge from that
he is looking into the matter." '

In a few minutes Newberry heard Bixby's
voice again.

“Are you sure it my messenger who has oﬁered
you the bond?”

“He says he’s your messen r- Wait a moment.
What's your name?” he sai to Joe.

The boy told him.

“He gives the name of Joe Jarvis, and says he's
only been with you about a couple of weeks," said
Newberry through the ‘phone.

“Who gave him the bond to sell?” asked Bixby.

“One of your clerks named Samuel Jenkins."

“Hand him back the bond and direct him to
bring it straight to me.”

b ‘All right, Mr. Bixby, I will do that. Good-
y 9!

Newberry handed the bond to Joe-

h_“Mr. Bixby wants you to bring that straight to
mil
"All right, sir. I suppose there's going to‘ be
trouble over this, but I can't help it. Pin sorry
that I'm mixed up in it. Good-day.”

Ten minutes later Joe walked into the oﬂiee.
knocked at the door of his eriﬁiloyefs private
room and was told to enter. 1-. Bixby didn't
look well that morning, having been quite ill dur-
ing the ni ht, and Joe found him reclining on
the lounge tween the safe and his desk.

“Here's the bond, sir,” said the boy.

The broker took it, looked at it, and then told
Joe to bring a chair up to the lounge-

“Did Jenkins give you this bond to sell an the
outside?" he sai .

"Yes, sir."

“When?”

“This morning—-a few minutes before nine. I
found him at his desk writing when I arrived at
my usual time.” _ .

“What reason did Jenkins-give_you for employ-
ing you to do this service for him?”

oe explained everything that transpired be-
tween him and the second per that

morning. A
“Call Mr. Dolby and come back with him." —
Joe did so- - ‘

“That is the bond that is missing from an
gasckage, I believe, Mr. Dolby?” said the broker to

ier. “‘
“Yes, sir," said Dolby as ooon‘»u he looked .5 '-

it; “No. 999." . *-

  

hs handed it to Joe this morning and
to sell it for him." .  '

'£¥:n¢lihiQ1;*0l00k?’ "
-Joe.rey1:’s_‘ted  = ’
added that he.;~gg.g

“Jenkinsmusthavetahenitfromthesafo. ‘V
:35

 

  
 

 
     
     
  
 
       
  
 
     

    
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
    

. bond_- I merely mention the circumstances as a
~ possibility, for he and Mr. Jenkins are very
thick," said Joe.

“Tole hone for an officer, Dolby,” said the bro-
, . “ is is a very serious matter. If I have
, a thief, or two of them, in my countingsroom, the
‘  sooner a change is made the better.”

‘ . The cashier telephoned for a policeman.

“Now we’ll have Talbot in here,” said Mr.
Bixby. “Ask him to step in, Joe." “

The messenger went into the countin'g—room and
told Talbot that the boss wanted him. Talbot
dropped his peg and started for the private room-
Joe was follox ‘:1 when Jenkins called him over.

“Sold that lion yet?” he said.

“No, sir,” replied the boy.

“Don't fail to do it when you go out again. I
thought from the length of time you were out that
‘ you were attending to the matter.”

J oe made no reply, and walked oil‘. There were

K half a dozen customers in the waiting-room. The
door opened and a young man of perhaps thirty
walk in. Joe recognized him as Mr. Bixby’s
nephew, Richard White. He followed the boy
into the private room» Mr. Bixby was question-
ing Talbot, and that young man showed many
signs of trepidation. However, he made no ad-
missions that reﬂected either on. himself or
Jenkins. Finally Mr. Bixby held up the Northern
Traction Co. bond and asked him ﬂatly if he had
.. taken it from the safe and’ given it to Jenkins.

A “ “No, sir,” replied the clerk, but ..there was a
guilty ﬂush on his face. Then, with soma-hesita-
tion, he added: “Perhaps your new messenger
ma know something about it.”

oe looked hard at Talbot, and wondered what
he meant. .

“You mean Joe Jarvis?” '88l(_l the broker.
“What should he know about this bond? His
duties do not take him near the counting-room
safe.” A‘

“I saw him at the safe yesterday morning, air,
when Mr- Dolby was in the wash-room, and I
thought it strange he should be there."

hgtly,

S

“'l‘hat’s a lie, Mr. Talbot,” cried Joe,
starting forward, “and you know it. I didn
within a yard of the safe when I ﬁlled Mr. Dol-

T by’: ink-stand; but Isaw ‘you at the safe and I
started to enter the counting-room with the ink
bottle. and I noticed that you took a paper of

. some kind from it and showed it into your

ﬂaybe it was that Northern Traction bond. ’

 Talbot gave a gun and for a moment he

,_,.looked white and scared. ' »

 ;.*v1'i1._;_wiioiHoias the.Ace? ’

situation had taken on an unexpected coni-
..; audllr. Bixby and Dol ,
-.  399. who h  each

  
 
  

The. mun messenger

ma‘ i‘:aki'?n‘:ii-xiii. while clerk ap-
 ssheek .ueesiied;3:o«be a ques-

.'

  

  
  
  

looked alter- ‘

 drequi _
'°“é.niai.§a?

liunti {or somethint in the safe
 ‘'1 '35? it 
J  (;aoIdidiiot—.Dee‘.-, minke

o

 

!

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY” _I U ” I .

“I did,” replied the clerk doggedly.
“Did you notice what he was doing there?" —
~“I-Ie seemed to,be fumbling around on one of

the shelves.” ’ I

“That's another lie!” cried Joe. .

“Be quiet, Jarvis,” said the broker. “You say
you saw his hand inside the safe?” to Talbot.
“On which shelf?” ‘

“The middle one, sir,” answered the clerk.

That was the shelf on which the package of
Northern Traction bonds lay,‘ and Dolby had so
reported to his employer.

“You are sure it was the middle shelf?” con-
tinued the broker-

“Yes, sir.” »

“If you thought his presence and actions at the
safe unusual, perhaps sus icious, why did you not
report the fact to Mr. Dolhy?” '

“I called Jenkins’ attention to him, and he
turned around and saw him there.”

“Ah!" exclaimed Mr. Bixby. “Then Jenkins
also saw Jarvis at the safe?”

“He certainly did," replied Talbot, who seemed
to have recovered his nerve.

It was Joe's turn to give a ‘gasp.

It was no longer a question of his word inst
Talbo_t’s. Jenkins would, of course, be cal in
to corroborate the clerk's statement, and the boy
did not doubt but he would do it, for they ap-
peared to  close friends. Still that did not
prove anything against him, false as Talbot’s
statement was. Jenkins had handed him the bond

to sell, and would have to account for it being in

his ossession-

“ ichard,” said Mr. Bixby to his nephew, “go
into  counting,-room and ‘ask Mr. Jenkins to
stelp in here."

_ n a few moments White returned with the as-
sistant bookkeeper. That astute individual saw
at once that there was trouble in the air, and he
did not doubt that it was connected with the
Northern Traction bond. In an instant he had
inaiiped out his course of action.

“ ou sent for me, Mr Bixby,” he said, in-

quiringlry. _

“I di . I want you to settle a little question
of veraci _
senger. albot-says he saw Jarvis at the count-
ing-room afetiesterdaly morning, and Joe denies
that he was ere. albot says that he called
your attention to the boy‘s presence at the safe,
because he thought he had no right to be them,

Now, did you see Jarvis at the safe on this oeao . A

sion?" »
“Yes, sir," replied Jenkins, without the slightest
hesitation. * ' »: 
The only reason why Joe was not paralyxedat
this bare-faced lie was because he expedied the
bookkeeper would bear out Talbot. He heard ‘the

man quite coolly, and did not attempt to  

pose a denial.
.“Did you’ notice. what he
safe?" asked Mr. llixby. .. _ ,
. ?‘I couldn't see inst what he wasvdoing, but
acted as i! he was huntinafor something-"
“Did'y_!)D'¢mIlId9l'iId|It_ ehadﬁiy rich :9

   

  

.jdegzbe 
p out

 

between Talbot and my new meow

was doing at 

      

  

 

 

'N‘oi'l:lie1-n"l‘ractio\n ‘bonds on the middle‘ shelf of
the safe"

' ‘ _ “No, sir.”

“Well, one of those bonds was found missing

this morning."

“Yes, sir. . . .
“Do you know anything about It?:'
“I, sit!” exclaimed Jenkins in simulated sur-

' ‘ prise. “Certainly not, sir.” ~

   
   

g v7~'

_8l|Ii3II8

“Didn't you hand Jarvis a Northern Traction
bond early this morning and ask him to Sell It
for you, representing it was your property. and
that for private reasons, which you explainednto
him, you wanted it dispose of on the outside?

“No, sir. Did he tell you that? Why such a
thing is ridiculous on its face. Assuming that I
was crooked enough to steal a bond from Y0“?
safe, would I be such a fool as to ask the mes-
senger of the omce to sell it for me?” _

The bookkeeper’s countenance was the picture
of indignant denial. Mr. Bixby’s face never
changed, but cashier Dolby gazed at Joe in an
uncertain way- Matters had suddenly assumed
a dark look for the young messens‘eT- _ Q?"-‘k 35
a ﬂash the boy saw that he was the victim of a
plot. For reasons best known ‘to themselves
Jenkins and Talbot had put this Job up on him.

He was caught in_ the toils, and the question
was how was he going to extricate himself. . It
was a fact that he had tried to sell the missing
bond, which he had asserted he received from
Jenkins for that purpose. Now Jenkins ﬂatly
repudiated all connection with the transaction,
which taken in connection with Talbot’s corro-

_borated statement that he had been at the safe

the morning previous, fumbling around on the

'shelf where the Northern Traction bonds lay,

made things mighty ticklish for him. Joe won-
dered how it was ﬁning to end. At that moment
there came a knoc on the door. White opened

it’ and a policeman walked into the room.

“A telephone measgige was’received at the sta-

tion asking that an cer be sent here." he 33“;
looking at Mr. B1xby_ on the sofa- I was sent-

“Thgt’3 right," said the broker. Then to the
astonishment of all in the room. "he P011“-ed at
Talbot. “Arrest that young mam The bmkel‘

I

- felt ill, and the excitement caused him to ‘Sink

back ch.

Tdftlitatuwriied as white as chalk _imd 8t8889l'9d
back with consternation as the policeman W
over to him and placed his hand on hl§’"Sh0I1lde1'-

“Why——why—what does_ this mean-
the clerk whose self-possession seemed to be Swept
completely away. bell th to

-"It eanathtldonot 'eve_es _1‘YY°‘1
have :16, and I accuse you of taking this bond
from the countingwoom safe and P8581118 1t ‘W?’
to Jenkins, your confederate, in a scheme to ruin
young Jarvis,” said the broker, sternly, as he lay

at the young rascal. -
“ —deny—-——” ﬂuttered Talbo‘t._ _
, mg‘, ,3 3110' your guilt ln your face.

I Hake a clean breast of this mﬂttel‘ and P“ let

Refuse, and you gd to the station-hotse

 

“BACJKJ-NUMBER BIXBY"

. and you notiﬁed.

13
badly rattled that he was all at sea. He believed
that his employer had some evidence that in-
criminated him, otherwise why should he accuse
him in such a decided way after the testimony
had shown so strong against the messenger‘!

“Well, will you confess or take the conse-
quences_?” asked Mr. Bixby, sharply.

“I will confess, sir,” said Talbot. ‘'1 did not
see Jarvis at the safe as I stated, neither did
Jenkins. It was a job put up on the new mes-
senger by _\Jenkins to get him out of the oﬁice,
and I helped work it. I took the bond from the
safe at Jenkins’ orders and gave it to him. The
object was to have Jarvis offer the bond for sale
outside- We expected the sale would be held up
We relied on our united testi-
mony to convict the boy of the theft of the bond.
We believed you would not prosecute him, but
turn him loose, and that was all we wanted.
Tliat’s the whole story.”

“Perhaps you'll tell me why you and Jenkins
were so anxious to get my new messenger out
of the oﬁice? In what way did he incur your dis-
like in so short a time?"

“You’ll have to ask Mr. Jenkins, sir. He:—”

Jenkins, in a furious rage, made a rush at
Talbot, but Joe grabbed him and held him back,

\

iassisted by White.

“I’ll fix ‘you yet, you squealer!” roared the
struggling clerk, shaking his list at his side part-
ner in guilt.

“Officer,” said the broker, “release your pris-
oner and take charge of this man, Jenkins.” He
gotkup from the couch as he spoke and went to his

es .

The policeman did as he was requested, and
Joe and White let go of the bookkeeper-

“Now,.Jenkins, what have you got to say?”
said Mr. Bixby. “What excuse to offer for your
contemptible conduct? ' Why did you want Jarvis
out of the oﬂice?”

“Because I didn't like him, and now I hate
him,” hissed Jenkins, glaring at the young mes-
senger.

“That's the only reason, is it?”_

“That’s enough,” gritted Jenkins.

“Jarvis, do you know of any other reason why
Jenkins should take such strong measures to
bring about your disgrace?” asked the broker,
with a keen lcok. . _

“No, sir. I haven't the slightest idea why either
Jenkins or Talbot should be down on me,” replied

J .
oS0ﬁcer,,you can let your man  I shall not
require your services any longer. r. Dolb , take

the policeman outside and hand him $10
trouble-” _

The cop followed the cashier and left the oﬁce
$10 richer than he entered it. .

“Jenkins, you can collect your wages ‘from the
cashier and leave the_ ot_llee,”_ said Mr. Bixby.
"Talbot, you will remain in this room. Joe, you
will return to our duty. What did you wish to
see me about, llichard?” he concluded, turning to
his nephew. _ _ _ -

Joe sat down outside and began thinking over
what had happened. ‘-

r his

1

“How in thunder did Mr.   in

onthehead?"heaskedhimael1. _.
looked blacker than abottle'o£.iliR' , ~ v
uaitoaredthacwhaigtiieeoperziggaer

~2-

 

    
   

   
    
  
     
    
  
  
  
     
    
  
 
  

3‘
, .,

_ 1 charged with the theft of the Northern Trac-
, bond and carried off to the station-house
.- ‘that event Pd have been in a terrible hole,‘for
~*how_ could I have proved my innocence with the
testimony of (those two men against me? My
Bixby may be a back number, as they call him,
but Just the same he's got a mi hty long head.
I’m thinking he’d make a first-c ass magistrate.
__ At the very moment those two rascals‘ thought
they had me ﬁxed the boss turned on Talbot and
took him right olf his feet. It must be that he
was studying the clerk all the time, and sus ected
from his department that he was not tel ing a
straight story. I doubt, though, if he could have
carried his point with Jenkins. That chap is a
man of a different caliber from Talbot. I would
not be surprised if Talbot was nothing more than
Jenkins’ goat.”
EA: that juncture White came out of the private
o ice. .
“Let me congratulateiyou, young man, in get-
et out of a tight ﬁx,” he said, stopping in front

of oe.

’ “Thank you, Mr- White. I had a close call, and
I am very thankful for my escape. Many an
innocent person has been railroaded to prison on
a trumped up charge no stronger than the one
brought against me. ’

“That's the .truth,’’ nodded White, walking
away.

Joe was then sent out on an errand, and when
he got back he saw Talbot at his desk. The boy
was sent out right away again, this time to the
Mills Building. As he approached the corner of
Exchange place he looked for Crystal, but she was
not there, somewhat to his surprise.

“She couldn't have sold out so early," he mused,
and he wondered if she had come down at all that

ay.

 

 

CHAPTER IX.——Another Deal With a Knave
» Turned Trumps.

That afternoon Joe visited the Varick street

- tenement for the third time. He found Mrs-

0’Gallagher in and sewing ‘on custom goods as
before, .
“Good-afternoon, Mrs. 0’Gallagher," he said,
politely. e _
“Good-afternoon, Mister Joe. _I suppose you
‘ came to see Crystal?” said the Irishwoman, who
seemed‘ to be in excellent humor.

‘ “I admit I did» Yloolted for her to-day at her
stand on Broad street-a.nd.Exchange place, but
also was not there. Was she down to’-day?”

"She was not,” answered Mrs. O'Gallagher,
gm: to thread her needle. _
, ‘I not under the weather, is she?"
«tat all. When Ileft her this mornin' she
better‘ in her life"
-her? ewhersfhas she tie?”
ﬁh~”ehgant news I_ an to tell you,
13.’, 1:1” darlin' is gain’ to come into her
at} thout.th’e least trouble in the
1”! - . « . r .. v

   

 
  

  

 

   
  

I l“1§AoK.NUM.i3Eii Bixsrt’

. interest’ i
 in

reason why I came here this afternoon."  Jot.’ ,

“It’s a thousand times obliged to on I
Mister Joe, and Crystal won’tthink agy the 
of you, you may be sure, for your attention to her
interests, but she won't need the letter now. It
won't be at all necessary for the dean child to go

to law to get what’s hers by right. Lawyer Se!- ,

ton. who was in charge of the estate, the same

who turned down me letter with very little cere- '

many a while ago, has, the saints be thanked, had
a change of heart. I had a visit from him yester-
day. He came all the way from Boston to see
me He s a red-headed little man, a sort of hop-
0’-l'-hl1mb, (10 You mind? I could blow him into the
middle of next week with half a breath, faith.
I.can’t say that  fancy his face much, but as he
d_idn’t ma e it_hunself, I_ suppose it wouldn't be
right to hold him responsible for it. He's rniﬁity
soft spoken, that's what he is. You’d think butter
wouldn t melt in his month. And he seemed to
have a _habit of rubbin' his hands together like
this while he was talkin’,” and Mrs. O’Gallaghe'r
illustrated the lawyer’s action. “But there, I
mustn’t be after. sayin’ a word against him, for
hasn’t he promised to do the right thing by
Crystal, and make a grand lady out of her if she
can prove shes C:_ipt’in Sidney Rand’s daughter,
which I know she is.”

“He has?” exclaimed Joe.

“Yes. He apologized for writin’ me that the
capt’in was not married He said he had heard
that he wasn’t, and admitted that wasn't any
evidence at all. He called to get a look at the
marriage certiﬁcate, and to ﬁnd out what other
evidence I had that Crystal was the capt’in child.
I had to tell him I had mislaid the certiﬁcate
and other information, more’s the pity, but I
hoped to ﬁnd it when I searched in one or two
places I hadn’t'had the chance to look yet. He
seemed much disappointed, for he said the mar-
riage certiﬁcate was a very important p’int, which
would have to be presented before the Court in
1o‘rder tgl egtalgltish Crystal's identity beyond a

asona e on .

“Well?” said Joe as Mrs. 0’Gallagher paused
and cast an unconscious look at the quart can
on the ed of the sink.

“Sure hate to trouble you,_Mister Joe, but
would you mind‘._takin’ that blicky over to the
corner and bringm’ me a pint of beer? I've
somethin’ in the throat that feels like a cobweb,
and mighty unpleasant it is."

“All right, Mrs. O’Galla'gher.
pint-"

“Sure it's a shame to take advantage of your
presence here, Mister Joe, but ” V

“That's all right," replied the messenger, grab~
bing the blicky,” as she called the quart can.

“Wait till I reach for the dime.”

I'll get you the

 

“Never mind the dime, Mrs. 0'Gallagher..' It’s"

my treat,” laughed “Joe. _
“Is it, now? It's kind of you to remember it.

I could mention people not a thousand miles from

here who—but I 1 tell you when come back.’

JG got the beer, but by that time Mrs. 0’GaI-j
"higher had forgotten what she was going-‘to . p .
about certaiiim people not a greatt distance from

 eboywasn‘tsorry,foolie’had,jos
theniatter» Begin to

 

  

 

   
   
  

  

gt‘ chances of coming into her grand-father's prop-
fh erty. After Mrs. 0’Gallagher had satisﬁed her
~‘ ; thirst she proceeded to ‘gratify him. \

“Well, L‘awyer Sefton took his leave of me,
, sayin' he would call again, when he hoped I
1, would have the documents which would establish
 Crystal's right to what was comin' to her. I

-didn't expect to lay me’ eyes again on his face

for a week or two at the least; but what was

me surprise when in he popped this mornin’ with
all the grace of a jumpin' jack. Crystal was in
the next room gettin’ ready to go to the ﬂorist_'s
for her supply of posies for the day. ‘Am I In
time?’ says he, after wishin’ me goo_d-mornin', as
polite as a French dancin' master- ‘For what?’
says I, wondering what he meant. ‘To see MISS
Rand,’ says he. ‘Faith you are,’ says I. ‘I'll call
her, and if you don't say she’§ a born lady, every
inch of her, it's greatly surprised I'll be.’ ”
“Well,” said Joe, much interested in the devel-
opments, “what did he think of Crystal?”
“He declared she was the livin“ image of her
ndfather, and that he hadn't the least doubt
ut she was the rightful heiress. ‘Unfortunately.
Mrs. 0'Gallagher,’ says he, ‘faces don't count in
court as evidence. We must have somethin’ more
substantial.’ ‘Isn't her face substantial enough?
says I, lookin' at the darlin’s rosy cheeks, which
were the picture of health. ‘You misunderstand
me, mafam,’ says he, ‘We must have somethm
that we can put on record- In other words,
ma'am, you must look up that certiﬁcate, and the
. other proofs you say you've mislaid.’ ‘Sure I'll
do that to-morrow,' says I. ‘See that you do.
says he, ‘for I must have them as soon as pos-
sible. I’ll take the liberty of callin' to—morrow
afternoon after them. So mind that you have

them ready for me,’ says he. ‘But suppose I

can't come across them at such short notice,’ says

I. ‘You mustn't suppose such a thing, Mrs.

0’Gallagher,’ says he. ‘Keep on the J05 ml, Y‘-‘ll

them. And now, ma’am, it's a surprise I

ave for you’ ‘Indeed?’ says I, ‘I hope it's a
pleasant one.’ ‘I've got a coopay down at the
door waitin’ to take Miss Rand oil’ with me to the
home of a distant relative of her father's family

—ea very ﬁne lady, I assure you, Mrs. 0’Gal-

lagher——who knew Capt’in Rand when he was a

. I met her quite by accident yesterday after
I left you, and told her about Miss Rand. She
was interested in her immejetly, and told me by
all means to bring her up to her house at once,
as the capt'in had been a at favorite of hers.
and she would be delight to see his daughter,
and help her in every way to secure her fortune.
Nothin’ could have happened better,’ says he.
rubbin’ his skinny hands together as if washin’
with water. ‘She’: got lots of money, and
will be a great help to‘us. For, remember, m8’8m.
it takes a power of money to get throl-I811 the
Probate Court.’',’ - ' ,
“Did‘ you let 0 tal ’with that lawyer? ' ex-
claimed Joe anxi¢l;i’'isly- 80
, “What, alone‘! I did not. I went with them,"
--e Feplied Mrs. 0'Gallagher.
"-You found thelady all right, I suppose.”
“I did. She lives in a ﬁne house in the Bronir,
be as. rich as ‘Lawyer Sefton said
'I'hemomentshecla§:dlIer¢7°3°l
ranupandzrabbeclp r_in hei-arms.
inure at the dear capt’m.’ 8-7: she-

 
 

  
  
  

  

  
 
 
   

 
 

*‘i§AcK.NIiMBER BIXBY”i

'15

‘I would recognize you anywhere. I shall love
you very dearly,rfor your father's sake. I looked
at the lawyer, quite tickled at the ﬁne reception
the darlin’ was receivin’, and he seemed to be as
pleased as meself, for he was rubbin’ his hands
together and grinninf all over his face, for all
world like a monkey on two sticks, which I
0l1ghtn’t to Say. seein’ that he's on our side.”
,f‘Then you left Crystal at the lady's house?"
said Joe-

“Sure I did, though sorry to be parted from
her; _but it's for the dear child's own good, and
I'd make any sacriﬁce for her sake, so I would."

Mrs. O’Gallagher wiped her eyes with the end
of her apron, and then her gaze resting on the
can,_ she finished the beer and went on with her
sewing.

“What part of the Bronx does the lady live in,
and what is her name?” asked Joe.

“Are you thinkin’ of payin’ Crystal a visit?"
asked Mrs. O’Gallagher. ~

“I should like to see her and congratulate her
on her good luck."

“You'll ﬁnd a paper on the shelf with the lady's
name and address. You can copy it- I know
Crystal will be delighted to see you because when
she bade me good-by at the door, as I was coniin'
away, she told me to tell you everythin’ that had
happened, and assure you that she was wearin'
a certain new quarter around her neck, next to
her heart, and that she'd never forget you as long
as she lived."

"Did she say all that?" said Joe, delighted.

f‘Faith she did, and it's quite gone on you I'm
thinkin’ she is. Sure she might dovworse than
marry you, for there's no tellin’ what kind of
doods will come a'courtin’ of her as soon as she's
a great heiress."

“I'm afraid I won't stand much chance, Mrs.
0’Gallagher," said he soberly. -

“Why not, if she likes you?"

“Because she's under age, and the Court will
appoint a guardianto watch over her and her
property. He'll soon ﬁnd out that I've nothing
but prospects, and will give me to understand

-that I'm what the French call de trop."

“What do you mean by de trop? I'm not a
French scholar, do you mind-"

“In the way."

“In the way, is it? What will he have to say
about who Crystal marries? Isn't she the one to
be pleased?”

“He'll have a great deal to say, Mrs. 0’Gal-
lagher, as long as he's her guardian. He'd have
the right to show you the door, too, if he thought
you didn't look nice enough to visit his ward."

“What would I visit his ward, whatever that
may be, for? It's me darlin’ I'd call on.”

“Crystal would be his ward. That's the legal
title that a minor bears to his or her guardian."

“Is that a fact? And you say he'd show ‘me
the door if I called on her an didn't look swell
enough to suit his notions. I'd like to see him‘
show me the door,” exclaimed Mrs. 0’Gall
with an angry flash of her
somethin’ don: , do -you mind.

“'I'here’d'.‘bd
d wipe tbeﬁoor

with him if he was twice asbig u cin4t.t,ain,-ii: *

of a lawyer,” and the _, tyiman
thearmafherchairwithaV_ig_ur.ﬂIat
he’d,not ti-y_to_,

 

  
   
    
   
   
  
       
        

  
    
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
      
   
  

would be diﬂerent with me. You have rights that
 be bound to respect, while I wouldn't
have aaiy at all." _

Q f‘Leave your rights with me, Mister Joe. I'll
‘5aLee.that' you get all that’s comin’ to you. If
Crystal wants you she shall have you, in spite of
‘her guardian, or the Court, too, into the bargain.”
» “You'd only make trouble for yourself, Mrs.
fO’Gallagher, “and that wouldn't do. How old is
Crystal now?”

“Sixteen.” - ’

“she’ll be of legal age in two years, then,
though it’s possible the Court might advance the
time limit to twenty-one, on account of her being
an hciress. At any rate, in live years, at the out-
side,_she'll be her own mistress, and can then
marry who she chooses, for the guardian will be
‘discharged from his trust. Is she really cares
for me as much as 1 do for her, she’ll wait for
{me till I get ahead a bit in the world, for, of
course, I wouldn't think of ma-rrying her till I
was able to support her in some style,” said Joe-

“But if she has lots of money you don’t need
any. She'll have enough for both of you,” said
Mrs. O'Gallagher.

“I wouldn't touch a cent of her money.”

“Why not? What is money for but to spend?”

“We won’t -argue the matter, Mrs. 0’Gallagher.
I’1l copy that address now, and pay Crystal :3
visit, maybe to-morrow evening,” said Joe.

“Do so, and then call on me and. let me know
how the darlin' looks, and what she had to say,
and how she's en_i’yiii’ herself with the lady.”

_ “I will do so with pleasure.”
Joe took down the paper and read the fol-

lowing: V :
“Hrs. Charlotte Tucker, No- 23 Woodbine Ter-
race, oetwecu ——.— and —— streets, Bronx.”
9 He made a copy of it and then took his leave.

  

CHAPTER X.--The Knave Takes a Trick.

Joe had noticed that O. & B. closed that after-
noon at twelve points above what he paid for_ his
ten shares, and he was considering the advisability

» oi selling out Si-st thing next morning. He stood
to make over $100 clear proﬁt, and that wasn't
to be sneezed at. The afternoon papers, however,
encouraged him to believe that the price would

go highorfnext day, so he decided to hold on a_

‘ while longer. In the morning he was rather
 to see Talbot was still on the job,

 he‘ had no hard, feelings against the clerk,
 tlenliins waathe real enemy
7 ‘ 4, ‘P:

l‘ i
 At elaven o‘clock, _
" ,‘he saw that there was a big

and things went on
when Joe was sent

is . By noon it reached
Aloe _wlI going at -05.
not  chance be rushed arouilig

  

     
    
   
     

 
  
 
  

 

"BACK-NUMBEIR BIx‘i3Y?* ;' ‘

not During the day Mr, Bix- I

B., and that it was up to 96, or 7

he was greatly tickled at his good luck,   V
was now worth $350. That wasn't a lot of mom a

as things go, but it looked big to Joe, who .11
never been worth half as much in his life before.

"I wish I had a thousand dollars‘ now,” he said.
“I'd sell O 6‘: B. short, for it’s bound to take a
tumble in a short time. It looks as shaky as a
house built of cardboard. I wonder if the bank
would stake me on the strength of the amount it
owes me? I’ve a great mind to ask the margin
clerk about it.”

When he got off at half-past three he went up
to the little bank and spoke to the clerk on the -

subject. The young man told him to wait and
he'd look into his account.

“It takes about twenty-four hours to make a.
settlement,” he said, when he came back. “If you
want to leave your order to sell at the market,
we'll take it, but the deal won't ‘go through till
around noon to-morrow. There’ll be $350 coming
to ou.”

“)"I‘he price may drop clear down by that time."
said Joe. “and there’d be nothing in» it for me."

“You'll have to please yourself, ’ said the clerk.

Joe considered the matter. He wanted to make
the deal then and there, but as he couldn't do
that, and if he didn’t leave his order now, he
might not be able to ﬁnd a chance to do it next
day if he wanted to.

“Suppose I give you an order to sell 0. & B.,
but, not at a lower price than par, will you take
it.
“Sure. Name any ﬁgure ou want, and we will

not make the deal for _you_ low it. If you say
par, and the market price is 103, we'll sell at the
market, of course. Understan¢L"'

“I do. I'll go you."

The slip to that eﬁect was made out, and Joe
signed it, then he went home._ ’ _ ‘

“If that stock‘ don’t drop till my deal is made
I ought to double my money, for if it don’t go
back around 90 in a few days I'll be much sur—
prised,” thought Joe, as he walked toward the
elevated station. _ _ _

That evening he dressed himself in his best

-clothes and appeared in the dining-room ready to
go out. ‘ ‘

“Where are you oﬂ to to-night?” asked Sadie.
suspiciously. “Going to visit your new charmer
in Varick street? Youylook rather swell to call
at a tenement." . _ _

“No, I'm not bound for Varick street,” replied
Joe. “I’m going up into the Bronx.”

“In the Bronx! Who do you know there? It's a
young lady, of_ course, or you wouldn't have put
on so many frills." .

“How many girls have you, Joe?" asked Clara.

“Well, I've you two to with," he laughed.

“Oh, we don’t count. We me only your cousins," V A ‘

said Sadie. tossing her head. q_

“I thought -you counted a whole lot,” he said. , i Z
You have given us the = .

“Not just at present.
shake.”

to-morrow evening, ain't I?”
:‘.Y0u‘tpi'O:l1iDBd to do am”, i W
van keep. my worms-

  'Joe."  Clan-;. “Q03;
V“ Sadie.’  i, .  1 ‘r
 is iii:’°'.....“‘»

   
  

 

   

“Nonsense! I'm going to take you to adanoo _p.l

   
      
    

. I  good.nigh' t\to_his'sunt and walked out
, wentfto the One Hundred and Twenty-ﬁfth
, V   station on the Third avenue elevated 1'08
:  caught a_ train going north. He 80* 011* 3
’ the station nearest to the street he_ was bound
for, and in due time reached Woodbine Terrace.
whichwas a short street, only_ a block long. the
V residences all being of a superior grade. and 91
voted on earthly einbankments above the level a
the sidewalk. . ,
“Crystal has certainly got in with some well-to-
do friends,” said Joe, as he looked for N0- 23-
'“I’m afraid she’ll be altogether a too swell propo-
- sition for me when she comes into her moneY- T00
 ... - bad I have come to think so much of her._ I wish
she had remained just a lain ﬂower girl. and
then I’d have stood a show with her- It
will be a long time before I make enou h money
to be able to support her in the style s_ e’ll soon
get accustomed to. I wonder if she will remain
true to me? Why should she when she'll meet a
ﬁne lot of rich chaps in the society her, ardlan
will introduce her to? She told Mrs. 0 311881161‘
7 ' that she was wearing my quarter next to her
‘ heart, and would never forget me as lonz 35 ,she
lived. That's the way she feels now. but, tlme
changes everything, even constancy. Here lS”N0.
23. Well, I'll see her once more, at an rate.

He ran ‘up the terraced steps an rang the
bell. A good-looking young neg:-Mess came to the
door' . ' . - 19

“Miss Crystal Rand is staying here. 1 believe»
said Joe.
“Yes." he " .
“ l to see 1‘. .
K ‘ “lSt}e‘;vi.iit?:h.gpar_lor and I'll tell Mrs. Tucker.”
. She showed him into a swell furnished room,
.. pushed a button that [lit a single electric bulb
’ which cut a dim, red_glow about the center of
3’ _' the room, and asked liiin_to be seated. Joe was
about to take a gilt chair near at hand, but it
looked so fragile that he concluded not _to. As
, , all the chairs seemed to be of this variety, he
took his seat on a lounge at the _far end of the
roommalgainst aupair of glass folding doors. He
' had been

   
   
  
 

  

 

I

”{° =..“‘"°:.°' ‘°.°'“'= isshz‘
- , w an wo per e -.
it-sdathe °rl§o°z:1i“b§m::i8th1; doors, which was ﬁtted
up as a library. t _f ,
“Come along. old man. e a move on I You W
t anything to tell me; I e_got to so downtown-
proniised to meet a articular friend at the
Criterion Parlors at ii o'clock. and I d°"'t
 him 1!
"1233. a young‘ man who spoke. and his ‘$0395
were impatient and not over ten tini-
‘My dear» nephew, you ghoul recollect that I
‘m 7’ '

‘ axe‘, I km‘. you're uncle, and a precious
rogue you are, too, like all ‘law ersﬁ” t _
 way to address me. W 011 "1 WW8

y ' — ‘ ‘ th-
‘  dgtfeather yourxhgst out of it. You're
I aoaiethlag for nothinso 41331’ “’*1‘Yv

77 youngmangaatiricallyv “1 km" 37°”-

   
      
        
       

 
  

    

  
 

qjnnrt»  You ‘think i

 7 got

“IABACKI-NUMB: I "ER BDIBY”

? I know' but '

trea;u'Boaton to inakegme a. ‘ ,__
’ “4!°'§§m9’lil’ 

, IN
pliauatgityu to

    

1%
3 .
that you can destroy them, that I willbe the  ’
at-law because your sister, my mother, married a. a
distant relative of the Rand family. Very clever. 
but rather dangerous, I should think. If 
little game of yours should be discovered we'd
both land in prison, though you'd get the worst
of it because you’re a lawyer, and are bound by
your oath not to disgrace the profession by tak-
ing a hand in such a piece of crooked business.”

Joe, who heard every word uttered, as it came
through the long crack in the center of the door,
against which his head almost rested, was stag-
gered by the revelation. Clearly the occupants,
of the library were not aware that the parlor
held an occupant, particularly one acquainted
with Crystal Rand, whose interests were at stake. ‘

“My dear nephew,” said the lawyer, who was
evidently an elderly man by his voice, “you. 
mustn’t talk about these things. I have conﬁded if
the facts, as well as my plans, to you, and you 1
must be careful to keep them to yourself. It’:
for your interest to do so.”

“Oh, I’m not a fool to blab dangerous matters
on the outside,” said the young man, lighting a.
cigarette; "but we’re alone now, with nobody to
hear us, and I feel like telling you a thing or two.
Before the old man turned up his toes you had no
use for me. When I asked you for a little money
once in a while you turned me down without the
slightest consideration. If you could work this
precious scheme of yours without taking me into
your conﬁdence you'd do it quick enough. But gnu
can’t, unky, and that's where I’ve got you. ow
much is the estate worth?"

“Non-committal, as usual, like all lawyers.
Well, can't you give me an idea?” 

"I dare sa 3 50,000-——-” 5

“One hun red and ﬁfty thousand grandmoth-
grlsé "Why, the business alone is worth more than

a .

“How do you know?" snap ed his uncle. _

“Because I've consulted bo Dunn and Brad-
street, and the old gentleman’: credit was good

for half anmillion."

 

 

“Not at all, unky. However, let us call it a
tuarte-r,ii(t' a ‘million. lint I ki1°0W _that’s way under

e mar . ou wan me give~you an even
half of what I get out of it?”

“That's fair, isn't it? {Ialf a loaf is better for
y°3rti‘:3s"§ii"§*}i:ta you can't do anytli' ~
' pera ' ‘th ou ” mg
wl:t:%i3:}:f1{1'lISt0‘;:-2onsi‘(ilt:rwtlIlfttyE:k.I am rni}ningt'i;' tr 

y ousan on pay you or 5 ’
3§‘...Z',‘Z.’;;'"; 5..I:‘.'4“.g.".‘;°.."’.’nf;I2r- 1 
“Then I'll throw up the scheme.” : ‘
“Where will you come In in that case?" i :, ,.
‘‘I’ll do business with the real heiress." '5 

f"hBnt”y0u won't make anything like 
0 “lg-w do you know I won’tT” ‘ if T
“I W. ¥-°}‘..‘:°2I.‘a ..‘.’,;°:..":.:%':
your regu a , es.
sf that you don't,-some Inf 89Ha
c an . W '

 
 
  
 

 
      
     

 
   

    

«ct, _ 

 T  ‘sheis a:;inn€c§(nt aniunsop‘heis-
‘greeted’ asayoungamjns m._sma 1'8
$3,  at present, I ani»her legal adviser What-
eisr‘ I advise her to do she’ll do without q“°S‘51°'"-

is

   
  
   
   
  

u, and bring her forward as the real
heiress; w ‘ch she is, of Captain Rand, who, by
the terms of Martin Rand’s last will and tests-
ment, would havesucceeded to the whole estate
had he lived.” . H
-’ _“Why I thought he didn’t make any will?
‘ “Never mind what you thought, nephew. Hf:
made one a ‘few days before his death. This
‘takes precedence over the will found in his safe
jwhich he made some years ago, when he left
evezything he owned to _his eldest and favorite
sen, whose untimely demise upset all his calcula-
tions and broke his heart."_ _
{. .'‘‘But as his younger son is dead.‘ too. and die-_d
years ago, I don’t see how this will can do his
daughter any good." , , ,
. » Jlartin Band was never certain that his son
 « . Sidney did die.”

,5’ , .“—Then‘he must have been a fool, for I sup Se '

-his death must be a matter of record at -the ar

\. Departrnent. and he certainly never turned up
’ after the w.a_r.” we S due

« - ' ' t‘ t ' y

«train-3“iZ§‘ii."‘°fi°oJZv2?, ‘i?i§‘n‘i‘.’.“ Rand left his

estate to his youngest son, and his heirs and

auigng. Thtg inalges Crystal Rand, who is Sid-

_— \’n ﬂsfhgrtgd’ the evidence that she's his daughter?

’ “You haven't seen it yet: You told me that the_old

‘ Irish woman, with whom the girls has been living,

mieﬁi ‘the documents. Suppose they never turn

up, who will be the heir then, eh? "
without any help from you, either.

“They'll turn up, young man. I'll see that they

do, so don't count your chicks before they're

Me, unky, and

hatched. Stand in with”ine and your fortune is '

made; reuse, and you will get nothing. Shall I

hand you the ii? '

r “I suppose the real documents are not found

' you’ll manufacture the necessary evidence. What

an old rogue you are!” chuckled the young man.

.. _. “Are you going to sign, nephew? This is your

__..«last chance, for to-marrow I shall ally myself

“ with Miss Rand if your signature is not attached
. “ thi r.”

.ua“8yP",;:lI,§D Bitn. what are you going to do
with e .
i ' “You leave all the details to me.”
the documents establishing her rela-

   
     
   
     
 
  
   
   
  
  

  

» , the risk destroying them‘! _'What do you

' the "Irish woman _will do in that case?

y;llil:"8 lawyer and make things unpleas-
ou. ' i

cttlierisklainrunnin ,1-nephew,
Vaﬁe,” said the wily lawyer.
-., .Idon'tseethstiIcan

realm Ru dale!“ “-
down on

ﬁll!

IO-

your
13011

 

“BACK-NUMBER B1XaY_"--.}'*:' --‘r  , ,
“Thank you:  we are  ,h'arid-and- 4‘. 
V man of fortune. That’s all. A’

any longer."
If you don't sign this paper now I'll wash mi '

parlor Lawyer Sefton, whoin Joe easily

fsufnoee . . .
tieaehp to Siting Band turns up. are you going
aka

‘ ‘ ‘shark like you, excuse.
There .
‘ didn't want to tell a

      
    

. 4--‘

glove in a venture thatwill setlytgz ﬁ:=t:iylo\;:§

Joe heard them push their chairs back, cross
the room and walk out into the hall, theold man

‘going upstairs, and the young one leaving the
- hopse by the front door.

I _ CHAPTER XI.—The King Lea-is.

“Gee!” muttered Joe, who was almost paralyzed
by what he had heard. “So that old lawyer, the
same, I presume, who called on Mrs. 0'Gallagher,
is going to try and do Crystal out of her fortune.
What an old scoundrel he is! Looks as if he was
stopping at this house- Maybe Mrs. Tucker is
standing in with him. If she wasn't I don't see
how he could be walking around the lace as if
he owned it himself. Then that rasca ly nephew
of his seems to be livin here, too. I didn’t fancy
the lawyer much, any ow, after the way Mrs.
0’Gallagher spoke about him, and it looks funny
that he should run across a lady who was a dis-
tant relative of Crystal's, and she should want
her to come and live with her on account of her
liking-for the girl’s father. I'll bet the whole
thing is a put-up job on Crystal. The lawyer
wants to have her under his thumb, and away
from the protection of Mrs. 0’Gallagher, who
would do anything for her. It's lucky I called
here this evening and overheard the plot. Now
I'll be able to save Crystal from being robbed of
her rights. 0-hol when I tell Mrs 0’Gallagher

_ what I have heard there’ll be something doing.
i She'll come up here and clean the house out. To

tell the truth, I ought to take Crystal away with
me right now for fear something might happen
between this and to-rnorrow. I wonder what ex-
cuse I could offer to Mrs. Tucker in order to get
Crystal out of the house? I might suggest a walk
around the neighborhood.”

Joe heard steps on the stairs coming down,
and he thought he'd better come forward._ He
did so and took a_ chance with one of the gilt
chairs. He found that it was more substantial
than it looked. The steps were those of a man,
though light", and presently there entered the
recog-
nized from Mrs. 0'Gallagher’s description He
approached the boy with a kind of smirk on his
smoothly-shaven countenance and a movement of
his skinny hands, characteristic of him.

“Good-evening, young man," he said. “You
called, I believe, to see Kiss Rand."
“I did," said Joe.

“You have been here some little time, I think?” .

he went on eyeing» the oun messenger keenly.
“About ﬁ'fteen minuteg." I
~ “I2l’l’ml' Been sitting here all the time, I sup-

- “I'wasn't standing up, sir." replied Joe. who

 

::“**" '.°.::°.':.:..“'** -... a. .....i......

so  res ‘

 

ie, nor to admit, for an cx- \
hadpassoduost.-of 

  
 
       
    

 

gig’. w’¢g1d'1§i,¢h tojdo so ” said the
J, 0; -‘ ease directed me to tell you that
pyruy  call; some other

Qiﬁliﬁlzi 739*‘ '
  ’i1;iﬁtehdevthaf Crystal had been toldof
; -_ Q ' " 'vidual probably thoﬂtbt It ‘'85 3
  matter to lioodwink the yquns caller. but
W  ’t know that he was dealms Wllih 3 5°?
’ A who‘was up to the minute, and not easily h“,m'
binned» Joe, however, felt that he had no choice
but to accept the lawyer’s statement and with-

 

 

draw, whether it was a ﬁction or not. He 8°t UP.-

said he was sorry to hear that Miss Rand was
not feeling well that evening. and requested
.Lawyer Sefton to tell her that he would _call some
other time. The lawyer accompanied him to the
door and watched him go down the StePS- _
«I wands, if he heard_ any of ‘the c0’I,l’Ve!‘38t10n
I had with my nephew in the libr8l'Y- he mm‘
tered. “If he did-—well, it m1_zht_ P1'°V° V9‘?
awkward for me. If he was sitting "1 9'3‘ “ha”
near the door all the time he could scarcﬁly ha“
distinguished what we were say1l18- I guess he
‘ didn't hear anything; but it's well to be_ On etge
*7‘ safe side. I must take measures for the imrii h1-
ate removal of the young lady. Charlotte, _e
ritarred to Mrs Tucker, who was 1'98“)! Mrs-
Niles, his sister, and the mother of his nephew,
Nicholas Niles, “shall take her off somewhere IMO
the country and notify 198- 0'GB“8h°T ‘ha? they
have to Boston on a brief’ visit to other distant
relatives of Martin Rand s. That will be Just
the thing. Mrs. 0Ga_llag-her will suspect noth.
irrg, neither will the girl. I don t like that,boy’s
face. I can see with half an eye that hes un-
commonl sharp. It wont do for him to meet
Crystal and. If shes in the country he C3“ 
This is a delicate game I an’! Plﬁymﬂi and I 93" l7
afford to take any chances. _ f
Joe didn't care to return home right away, or
he was afraid of getting the laugh from his coiasig
Sadie, so he took the _train downtown and we Ike;
over to thde theatre district, where there was 0 s
of A1‘sf°h§"w.§a},§t37ntering along the main block of
1.05313 square, above Forty-second street, h
came to a brilliantl ligated entrance and saw the
name Criterion Bi iard Parlor on the fan-h£h,*~
I u! guess this is ale p1ace_where the law erks
nephew has a date with a friend at nine].£c’oc .
I'll run up and see what the pl“? l°°l," ‘ °'.
lie mounted the stairs and found himself _in. 33
handaomebilliard and pool room. As he tfiltltllli
know Nicholas Niles, he did not look aroun “ﬁr
.t.he young man. He ut in an hour there wah -
ing the players, an was about to leave w en
two young chap one somewhat under the in-
ﬂuence of lllgllbtllls, came along. At that_moment
 the table 0 its where" Joe was sitting W83
. vacated, an , one of the young fellows. the 50591‘

I’

  
  
    
    
  
      
  
    

    
    

  
 
  

  

 
  

 

laid: . ' , W

~ ; .'  ii”: bdilil8'oliilt;kni&l;.’;u1jeflif‘:ict:(d Nick.
- ‘P “**%i.e,.s.»‘:‘::........-» am it in.
look at him. “He's the ii’ WM

—-as the htil‘-lfrllwo I-‘Id tr)’ 3'03

a i'rom‘Crystal. l’ll [know him

  
 
 

'~.

-  BIXBY"

‘ morning Joe.kept a sharp e

I double my mone .

    

farce-comedy on Seftun’s part, as that young man -  .
couldn’t make a shot except by accident . ‘.6 
“When are you going to work again, Nick?” ‘=

asked his friend. . ‘ 
I'm the heir-at-law to a big 0

“Me? Never.
estate.” _ A

"Since when? This is the first time I've heard ' '
about it.” _,

“Never mind. I'm not saying anything for ’ 
publication,” chuckled Sefton. ‘

“Who left you the estate?” -

“Nobody left it to me. I happen to be the near-
est of kin——see?”

“You're lucky. Who was the geezer?"

.Sefton was trying to make a shot and didn’t
answer. He nearly shoved the end of hi: can
into the cloth, and an attache, who had been
watching him, came over and said he'd betterdquit
plalying, as he couldn’t see what he was doing.

hat broke up the game, the two young men
left, and Joe concluded to do the same Next
on O. & B. when
he went to the Exchange. e boom was still on
and the price was up to 106. It dropped to 104
around noon, but recovered to 105. It fluctuated
between 103 and 106 up to two o'clock, when‘ it
took a tumble to 100%, amid great excitement.
It ﬁnally closed at 101. As soon as he got 03 for
the day he hurried around to the little bank to
ﬁnd out how he stood there. His statement was '
ready, and it showed that the amount due him
was, as he knew, $350.

He learned that the bank had sold 35 shares of
O. & B- for his account at 105. As the stock had
closed at 101, he was about $130 ahead on the deal
at that moment.

Joe was very well satisﬁed with the outlook,
and went up to Varick street to call on Mrs.
0’Gallagher. That woman, however, had ne
over to the Broadway establishment to de iver
her, work, and collect what was due her, so Joe"
did not see her. Next morning about eleven 0. &
B. went to pieces, and dropged ra idly to 88.

Before three it dropped to 8 , and 0e managed
to ﬁnd a chance to run around to the little bank
and order 35 shares bought at the market to close
up his short sale. ' . .

This deal netted him $700, and made him worth
something over $1,000.

_‘‘I'm coming on,” thought Joe, as _he started
again for Varick street I've got capital enough
to buy 100 shares of any stock on margin, and if
my next deal should also turn out lucky I might

I'll bet my cousins would
have a ﬁt if they new I had made so much mane
this month, but I don't think I'll enlighten thain.

' This time he found Mrs. O'Gallaigher at home. ‘
busy, as usual. , . A i

“I called on you yestei-da afteriioozi about tau
and you were not in, Mrs. ’Gallaglier," said I
as he seated himself. _ ~ ».

“I was over to the shop with my work. 
you. ‘call on Cryst_al?:’ ” Q ’
“I did, but I 'didnt see her. . ‘
“How is that?" ‘

 

../

   
  
         
       
   
 
 
 

   
 

i ,

       

  
 

   

 ( ,"

     ‘»“B4j§<‘3K?

 

 

:.,
ca.

"":°%5*don’t think Crystal

poseda

was .
1- heliavetliat old villain lied to me." ~.- .

“Why should he do that?'_’. ” V
“Tovprevent me from seeing Crystal. ; ’
ﬁgyihat oh action-‘could he have to you seem
 e probablylias his reasons.
havejyou found those papers yet_?" __ I
;,‘’You mean Mrs. Rand's marriage certiﬁcate.
and the other proofs?” ‘
 .“I».do.”
‘A “I have not.” , . '
“Well, if you do find them, don't give them to

La 1: eito .
‘ _‘§'l-Zy, not? Isn’t he tryin' to get Crystal her

_ ‘he is not. He's a rascal of the first
water.
 “Why do you say that?" ;
._‘‘Because he is scheming to put his own
ziephew, a. young man named Nicholas,Niles,
.. who is a distant relative of the late Mr._ Rand;
A‘ in possession of the Rand estate." Said J08:
energetically. I _
Mrs. 0’Gal1agher was greatly astonished. _
J “Wow do you know that he's doin' this, Mister
. oe. I ~
Joe. then told her every word, as near as he
, could recollect, of the interview he had overheard
 between Lawyer Sefton and Nicholas Niles in
P “the library. _ _ _ ,
W “May the saints preserve me if that isnt ii
great piece of rascality,” cried.Mrs._O’Gallafher,
' /113.8 voice qulverin _ with indignation. “I’l
up there at-once, an do you come with me. We l
, take the dai'liii’- away before they do any‘ harm
 her.’ And it’s a piece of my mind I 1 give
‘to that Tom Thuinbof a la r, and to Mrs.
Tucker as well, the two-faced t ing that she is."
_"I haven't any proof that sh_e’s in the con-
spiracy, but I suspect that she is, because that
lawyer induced you to bring Crystal to her
. ; and the lady herself made such_ a fuss
' over her. It looks to me. taken in connection with
what I overheard, that it was all done for a
9| .

‘.2-“:l”i:eture of it," said Mrs. O'Gall her. putting
her work aside. “I’ll get me hat an we’l go up
. there at once?’ _ x
  hour later Joe and  woinilin were
i ' * ' th ‘ t oodb' ei-race.
 pwo:M”€:;l ‘answered them:-ing.

T *‘.I"ve called to see Mrs. Tucker,” said Mrs.

By the way,

   
   
   
  
  

Div

   
   
  
 
 
  

the door and wants to see her.”
Band has gone with Mrs. Tucker to

  wi‘thout"sendin’ me a‘_ blessed
 ttl Iuipoesible. 1'11 not believe it,”
'  to Bos'ton,‘too‘!" pa;

  

=   least  
Alllshe kncwiwaa. theyiphad  to‘ visit qgdahanti.  ». r 3
bsei:2»~‘.'a-tea Mrs.

“I couldn't tell you,” answered the maid, who 

A ; > waist to lkIl0WV_‘Iny; opinion, .M_rs. 0’Gal-'-_
‘ ind-is 1:

back to Manhattan.

oston. , ' written, and after Joe had carried out one mes~
tell Crystal Rand that -her_

Gﬁn&£5P°l'- alluulflk hei'~,iaw, which

' A ' and whit .919! hall-learned there. .    5
.“Novt. alt; ﬂvhat would you advise Hrs. Q9Gal~,.:
jh de‘""hessked.-  I 

   

,u-- >  ,.

relative or  tam .
‘“And ‘whet: will the ill:
O’Ga1lagher. ‘ = e

looked bored.

“What are we to do, Mister Joe?” asked I
Crystal's foster mother, who was looking for
' trouble, but didn't know where to ﬁnd it.

“We can do nothing here. Come away," said ’

oe. __
v “I think we ought to go in and search the
house,” she said.

“You would lay yourself open to arrest, Mrs,

O’Gallagher. Come with me.”
Reluctantly she followed Joe to the sidewalk.
“I’m afraid they’ve taken C stal out of the
city in order to, further their esigns," he said
to the anxious woman. “We must try and block
them. I'll speak to Mr. Bixby in the morning,

- and ask him to let me see his lawyer right away.

That gentleman will be able to advise us what
to do. If he’ will take up the case for C

on a contingency fee we may hope to put a spoke
in Lawyer Sefton’s plans. In the meantime I
advise you to drop everything and make a close
search for the missing documents. Mr. Bixby’s
lawyer may not care to make a move till he sees
them, for he will want to have some tangible
grounds to work on. Will you do it?"

.“Sure I will. Me darlin’s happiness ‘is at
stake, and I'll move heaven and earth to help
her, so I will.”

Joe and Mrs. O’Ga11agher then took a train

CHAPTER XII.—A Misdeal.

Joe was in the oﬂice when Mr. Bixby arrived
next morning. He hurried in to help him off
with his ov coat, as usual. As soon as he had
performed t at duty he asked the broker if he
could speak to him about a very important mat-
ter. Mr. Bixby nodded as he took his seat at
his desk. Joe told him everything about the
eﬁort that was in grogress to swindle Crystal
Rand out of her ri ts, and asked, as a peculiar
favor, that hewbe owed to call on Lawyer Bates
at once to see what ou lit to be done. '

“You may call _on im Joe.
letter of introduction, and will ask Mr. Bates to
interest himself in the case," said the broker.

‘The stenographer was called in, the letter

 

er Bates‘

sage he was. allowed to start for La
roadway,"

once. The is. er’: oilice ‘was at 115
and Joe found t he had just arrived.
in the letter and was admitted to the private
ofﬁce. He told the lawyer all he knew of Crystal’s
history, and her presumed right to her lat!
grandfathei-’s estate; He then went over the
conversation he had overheard between Lawyer
Selton and his nephew-
ﬂefraud the ' 1, Finally he told _ at E
visityhe and is. O’Galla¢he.r  par to

home of Mrs: Tucker the preceding , ‘

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

    

 

her-to lo9'o"3Io. ‘

   
  

  

I'll give you a “

He sen’. ‘

dealuigwiththeplotto.
8

    

  

E

/

.‘,

  
  
 

‘ “.‘Amd let rob that man? Not mlI_@II.
 withyour pal" ..»

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY”

the documents she has mislaid. ' Then if Sl,l,€ will
bring th to me I will look into the case. _

I will call on her this afternoon and see if
she has come across them.’ Do you think the
conspirators have taken Miss Rand out "of the
city in order to keep her out of the W83’?

“Possibly they have, but I would not_ care to
express any decided opinion on the subiect.

‘If the missing documents are found. anﬂ
establish Miss Rand's identity as Andrew Rand s
grand—daughter, don't you think you can win the
case for her?" _ .

“It will depend on what kind of a will her
grandfather executed before his death. In any
event she would probably be able to contest its
probate. However, it is useless to. talk 85011},
it until her foster mother produces the proofs-

That ended the interview and Joe Went ‘geek
to an oﬂice building in .Exchange_Place. While
waiting to see the broker_he accidentally over-
heard two big traders talking about 8 Syndicate
which had just been formed to corner and boom
L. & M. stock, then selling unusually low on the
market. Joe learned enou h to S8.tl5,fY himself
that he couldn't get in on . & M. himself an)’
too quick if he wanted to make_a good thing.
Accordingly, on his way up to Varick_ street from
the office that afternoon he dropped in. at the_ lit-
tle bank and found his statement of his previous
deal ready for him. There was $1,050 '-‘ommg
t°‘PGhi!\‘;e me the ﬁfty,” he said to the cler . “and
t,:kte"iix;org:-,‘!i;‘f',rommefor100sharesofL.&)d.
a e ma

“You're quite a ﬁlunger," 131181195, thﬁclerko
and he started to ii out the order slip; You'll
either become rich or land in the poor-uolysea

“That's a safe bet," smiled Joe: Wm‘ the
odds in favor _of the poor-house’.” , h.]

“If you think so, why dont you quit w ie
youfre ahead?” ,

“Because I think I'm lucky.’ , _ wan
8 "You  Ito besto eithpaetct, to win in

tfeﬂt T1811 8038- 1 . .

Joe signed, put the go in his pocket and con-
tinued on his wa .

Hrs. 0’Galla er was not at heme. but J09
found a paper addressed to him Pinned °“ 1191'
door which stated that she had gone “P¢°“’Y|-
That evenin Joe went to a snicker °f 3" East
Side politi organization, and it was close On to
midnight when he started for home. e was
walking along One Hundred and _'l'weIIty-fourth
street when a young man turned into the street
from ' n avenue. As Joe reached the
corner, two men, with soft hats tilled l°W 30""
on their foreheads, lided_ noi_ essly after the

oung man, and, sud enly iumpmx 0“ hm» felled
him to the sidewalk. _ Joe uttered a shout and
started forward, thinking that his PY99¢“°° W0“ *1
frighten off the rascals, whom be supposed Were
a couple of footpads. The fellows. h0W9V°"» 5t°°-'1
their ground, and began beating the Y°‘"'3 "'3"
in ii brutal way. As soon as Joe came up. bent
on.-rescuing him if he cou_ld._ One Of the f°"°"5
left oﬂ hammering the victim and started for
the boy

young feller," he said.

. uGet away from here. “I knock your block

in a threatening tone, “or
08-” '

 

21

“Oh, you will butt in, eh? Take that.”

He shot out his ﬁst at Joe. The young mes-
sen r ducked down and planted a heavy blow
in t e fellow’s stomach that sent him staggering
back and gasping for breath. Joe followed him
right up with a hook in the jaw which caused
him to ose his balance and fall into the gutter.
Paying no further attention to him, Joe rushed
at the other fellow, against whom the young man
was making the best defence he could. The man
was not lookin for an attack from the boy,
supposing that is companion could easily take
care of him. The resu t was he was taken by
surprise when Joe smashed him in the back of
the ear from behind. His hat fell off, and as he
turned around Joe recognized him as Jenkins.
The ex-bookkeeper also recognized him.

“You!” he snarled.

“Nice business for you to be enga$d in, Jen-
kins—attacking people on the street. ou’ll prob-
baly land in jail for this,” returned Joe.

“Joe Jarvis, is that you?" cried the young man
who had ben attacked.

Surprised at being addressed by name, the
boy looked at him. His face was scratched and
bloody, but nevertheless Joe saw he was Talbot,
who was still connected with the oﬂice, having
made a full confession of the petty stealings
committed by him and Jenkins, and was allowed
to continued on probation, for the broker saw he
had been the book-keeper’s dupe.

- “Talbot!" exclaimed Joe.

He remembered that Jenkins had sworn to get
even with his former partner in guilt, and it
struck him that this assault was simply a case
of rsonal revenge.

ou’d better sheer oﬂ now,_ Jenkins. You’ve
done enough to Talbot,” he said.

“You sheer off yourself and leave me to attend
to my own business, or it'll be worse for you. I
ain’t half through with you, you bound!" he
gritted, turning to the derk,_ “I told you Pd ﬁx
you for squealing and I'm going to do it.”

He made a rush at Talbot, who was clearly
not a ﬁghter, and struck him a blow in the face
which staggered. him. _ -

“Let him alon you eoward!”4cried Joe, se' -

ing Jenkins by e arm as he was in th act of
repeating the blow. The ex-book-keeper, with
a roar of_ anger, swung around and tried to
grapple with the young messe r. He found
Joe as slippery as an eel,'an a great deal
stron r than he thought. At that moment Jenk-
ins’ a y, who had recovered his feet and scattered
senses, came up, and the boy found himself op-
posed to both. Talbot, who had been hanging
aloof, wiping the blood from his face, now seem-
ed to realize that he ought to do something. He
had no conﬁdencein his lists, but seeing an empty.
beer bottle lying in the gutter,  snatched it up ‘ '
and ﬂung it at Jenkins’ ead. His aim was true,
and the ex-book-keeper fell to the sidewalk
:*.:""°‘'.-. ** “is :3’: '::°"'°'-“ ":5 PW ea i
ercapsoa aseeingiscompanion
was knccked out, he concluded that, discretion‘
 the better part of valor,  took to his

ee s.  " u 

“What did you hit him  Joe ‘ _ Tal-
bot, as he looked down attheuIi@IuIlciou's"J_ .» -»
-who was bleeding from a p ‘  .
, “A beer bottle,- replied

‘1&.k‘J .13.»-.u ‘.1’

    
  
        

11

  
 

 
 

"""."/* let‘:

  
  

    
   
   
  

:«h.“Well1a'ryouh;: knocked himwout, and‘ you may
.2 ve _, serious y. e cant eave ‘im
 this lezlnéiition ondtge public lliighwamneven if
. iaa casean eservesa egot.
“Wﬂerdel will we carry him? The drug stores
are a u up.
  suppose we ought to take him to the nearest
h:e_ station, but I haven't any idea where
is.
, “Neither have I."
At that moment Jenkins began to move.
“I guess he's coming ," said Joe.
“I hhope so,'!’t re 111" . Eialbot, who felt nervous
over e resu o is ow. _
. The ex-book-keeper opened his eyes, put his
hand to the wound and then sat up with a stifled
i“5’«‘wi‘2‘§.“‘?.?2"m§"§i.¥n‘§°yoi§‘°Z?.'&”‘i5i" a3“§‘3?f‘.: 1
awing for it,” he gritted mhlevolently.
. “I advise you to leave Talbot alone,” said Joe.
“You were tfife cauase of all the trougls‘ at the
ﬂeeyoIu'se,an youougtto eyour
medicine like a man instead of trying to reveii
. mlrael! l)k!ledth:o£;!"'l»7 who helped you along in
" “Yah! I'll ﬁx you, too. You made a mistake
by but ' ' in to-ni ht."
“All ri t. Get ask at me if you can; but I
33, ‘.’.°.‘1i’i‘»’i‘i' .'3.‘.“‘.i ’;.°o‘i. "$3-03'?‘ 532.33. 5”’
. n e n .
Jenkins scowled at the be . got up and walked
slowly away. Joe and Ta bot then started oil’
in the opposite direction.

 

CHAPTER xiii.-LA F‘ull.Hand with the
v Knave High.

Next morning Joe went downtown early and
took his way to Varick street. He fouri Mrs.
, 0’Gallagher washing up the breakfast dishes and
‘ ‘d 3 up the liviruhrooin. He told her he had
calm the previous afternoon and she was out.
“.1 was up to my sister’: looking in an old
-trunk for them documents," she said
'.‘‘No. It’: akaid I am I've lost them.”
V , “It would be ﬁerce if you did. I called on the
’ bola’ lawyer rday, and he says he must have
. than before makes a move m the matter."
' “Pm sure I don’t know where I could have
 I've looked every place for them. Do
ruu’tlii£khdCi-ystal, will lose her rights because

can't .
 ’t tell you, Mrs. O’Gallagher, but they
Jumbo very important. If I were you Pt!
I’ thelawyer this morning. Here’: his card.
all you know about Crystal's mother,
a -. he'll _think_ of ‘some other way for
the We identity.”
5100 very bad over the loss of them
 . ve them‘ to me and told
-  for Crystal's sake.”

9‘ the lawylir, and I'll be u
;. 9hea_rw thetoldyou.
I 7 ‘gag...

  
    
   
 
    
  
  
  
 
    
   
      
 

    

V at the omce.”

 

twitli
.30!’

a letter from
be

“BACK-NIIMBER” Bixnir" .

and his crowd and she's ‘souinaooent  can

easily hoodwini: her. No doubt she has written
to_syou*, but the letter was not posted." I don't
think they will harm her in any way, physically.
{ nieanhfor thlat would brin them upfaiainst the
aw. eiroject'stod e utot estate,
if they can, withoiit giviiig hlero reasonseto sus-
pectktheirdinteiilti<t)ns.t ghey consider lhertoantheasy
mar an wi rea nice
her oi? her guard. I amegatjiglhyed thatythe realdiit
they have carried her away is to remove her en-
tirely from you. They are afraid of you and the
in‘ﬂi'i$nﬁe Iy,3ullLavciooV£er her." ﬂ
‘ ex , i e a ten that
lawyer at this moinent¥"r:::id Mrsflg6’xéai,l';gher,
with compressed lips. “There’d be sometln'n'
t_'Rin|", I carhtelll you‘; that. ﬁts €05 that Mrs.
cer—-we won sawat'dtoh.
I; she knovﬁvs: when she's grell of she'llokeep gt
0 me reac .’
“Well fed-by. I'll see yo tb' aftern .”
“I’ll lho for you at the l‘118!l8§stilI1e.”°on
mJ§e, hlolwever, dign’t_ call, as thtir. Efixby seint hm
. roo yn on a usiness ma er consi era
importance, and he didn't get home till after six.
 “L”  :."°':‘t= v:“1:..2:.=vs*.;=
we. enecaea aric in e
morning the rooms were locked up, and he was
diséipplointed. He welnt kariound  aftﬁr work
an tepacewasoce,as ore. tool:
the liberty of knocking on the door of the tenant
{Wigs 331° }3a1]iMmsoyi?§iiMias' B'§n<':'r;st?"'
icu ar en o rs. ag er an s.
}:‘I be yoig, alfdog, m8’8l?,'"bl1t do you know
w ere rs. a as erwen .
:¢re ye hdisgr Joe Jarvis, of Wall Street?”
es, ma am.
"Thin _I've a message for ye. Do yez moind
ste pin, in for_ a minute?” _
oe walked into the room, which was not very
tidy. Mrs. Barry_ went to a shelf, and after
wiping her hands in her apron, picked a folded
piece of. paper 03 a shelf with two ﬁngers and
haﬁndled it to tléedboy. Joe Event to tlil’:c‘W"ind0W.
w ic common e a vista 0 narrow yards
and house tops, with a maze of clotheblines and
ﬁrgaescapeas ¢0Ve1:.§dt:eltlI :3 803;; of hoiisehollg
gos,an open ii. isiswat
managed to discipher, written in lead pencil:

“Dun M18113 Jon: It's overjryed I am at this
moment. I've a letter from Crystal sayin’ she’:
in health and spirits, and is d ‘n’ to see me.
which is quite natural, the darlin . I've an in-
vitation froin Mrs. Tucker~—-which shows we've
mjsjud her, for Crystal says she's as nice as
_pie to er‘, though that wasn't the word, but that
doesn’t matter-—and there’: a koopay at the door
waitin’ to take me to where me darlin’ is to spend
a week with her. So no more at present till I
see you again after I come back with all the

news.
. “Bamosr 0’Gu.uioi1i:a.”

“P.S.——I've found the papers. and an takia'
them with "

Joe;-ead
ca

 

'?:°e' letter over twice, the aeeomdtina

  

   

 Great-Scott! ' 'l'.l'l€Y
her—.wheedle her into

word goes a long way
Shes as easy, as mus

  

. life"
it _ or
 . or.
‘if youhiow how toghandle her, but a holy terror
“if yg  tdbulldoze her._ Igmust’ call on Mr.
Bates; at once. I'm, «afraid theres something‘
crooked behind all this." ' V
' 30¢ hurried up to Broadway and took a car
down to Lawyer Bates’ otﬁce, but the 19281 gen-
‘ tleman had gone home for the day. _ Next morn-
ing Joe met with a further disappointment. He
telephoned Lawyer Bates’ office and learned he
_ _ had gone to spend a week at his brother’s place
j  out on Long Island. That afternoon ._Ioe went
. . to Varick street again and made inquiries about
 the vehicle that had carried off Mrs. 0’Gallagher.
’ After a lot of trouble he discovered enough to
assure him that it was a nighthawk cab, and that
was a strong intimation that there was crooked
work behind it. He spent a whole _week trying
to locate the cab, and during that time L. & M.
shares, which he had bought at 75, advanced to
85, and he had a thousand dollars proﬁt in sight.
- Monday morning of the following week L. & M.
5 tookon a boom, and before the Exchange closed
it had registered at 95. _
at 96 and.went kiting toward par. By n_oon it
was going at 102. and at two o'clock. It had
smashed all records by hittin 105 and a fraction.
.Joe was in the Exchange w en that ﬁgure was
Somebody bought the 100 shares and Joe had
reached, and when he left he made a bee-line
for the little bank and ordered his shares sold.
cleared $8,000.

 

 

CHAPTER XIV.—’I'he ﬂame Ends.

When Joe got off at around half-past three he
walked up to Broadway. .
" “Gee! I'm worth 84,000 now. That's a lot of
money for me to beahle to handle.”
He walked up Broadway like a person who had
- "lots of time on his hands. He was opposite City
Ball Park, and was approachin ‘a well-known
' n ’ establishment when, to Is 8\I!'%I‘_iSe. he
"1 -. saw Lawyer Sefton and his nephew. lcholas
5.; I Niles, come out of the place. The latter hada
-‘ brand new suit case in his hand. 3nd ll looked
. to be weight . Joe didn't want them, to see him,
‘so; he pop into a doorway and watch_ed_them.
They came toward him and stopped within ear
shot, as luck would have it. _ -
, “I guess you've got everything you need,
“nephew,” said the lawyer.
l  the Brooklyn depot now.”  l-
. “We've got lots of time, unky, The train
“t leave till ﬁve-tliirt ,” rep led Niles-
,“«!t‘s'r better to be too ear y than~too late. Re-
miemher you are to man-yia fortune to-night, mid
it ‘Imuld never do for us to _miss that train. _
fortune to-night.” 51989194 -703-
K ’ ,ein_he mean?” _ n _
‘lactose and have a highball, anyway. said

‘*3: ' hadthiee already.” repliedathe lawyer.

   

  

—; ...,. ..

iiwﬁhmmmmmmw «

Next morning it open-

«live, and made straight for

“We'll take a cab for ’

' *1 ,.i.»it.i.al..aom.. 
.&%ma’mmumiu~
.1 ’ _ ,, I've’  I933“

     
    
  
 

 

as I'm to be her husband. Do you know, I ll-
lleve Pd be willing to tie up to her even if she‘
wasn't ‘a big heiress. This marriage is a clever
dodge of yours, unky. It -lea‘ you out of the 1
crooked business you were going‘ to lay, and it e -
lets me down easy, too. What a head you've got ' i
for getting around things! I think you ought
to be satisﬁed with a third instead of insisting on
a full half.” ‘ _ .

“Shut up, Nicholas. That mouth of yours will
be the ruin of you. If you will have another I,
drink, why, let's get it over with.” and the lawyer ,r
grabbed his nephew by the arm and led him down 3‘
the street.

“Goodness!” ejaculated Joe. “They’re going
to marry Crystal to that rascal so that he can
control her property instead of doing her out of it- , "
Something must have happened to change their”-g
line of action. What’s to be done now? Shall I ‘
let that fellow get away with my girl? How 2:‘
can I prevent it? And Crystal, is she a party ‘ .
to this thing? Has she fallen in love with that 
Niles? It doesn’t seem as if—and yet they can't '
make her marry him against her will. What shall
I do‘! I know. They’re going to take a train at v 
ﬁve-thirty at the Lon Island depot. fll take,
that train, too, and sh ow them to the place they
are bound for. Then I’ll see what can be done. '

Joe started for Brook] . When Joe reached
the depot a new diflicu ty suddenly presented
itself to him. For what point on the line should
he purchase a ticket? He had not the slightest
idea where Lawyer Sefton and his nephew were
bound. He found, b inquiring, that the ﬁve-
thirty train travers the main line .-is for as
Hicksville, where it connected with the north
shore tracks and went to Port Jefferson. He sat
down near the door and waited £or_the two to
show up- They appeared about ten minutes after
cars without go-
ing near the ticket oﬁlce, much to Joe’: disap-
ggnntrnent. This was an indication that they had

ught excursion tickets at the place they were
going to for the round trip to Brooklyn and back.

On a chance Joe bought a ticket for Hicksville,

 

‘ and hurried after them. He spotted the car they

entered, and followed them, taking a seat where
he could keep his eye on them.

In due time the train started. and was soon
bowling alonglat a good gait. The cars stopped
at the principal stations only and ﬁnally rolled
into Hicksville inst at dusk. Lawyer Sefton and
his nephew made a break for the door, and Joe
followed them. .

The lawyer singled out a public cab, and he
and Nicholas got’ into it. Joe caught on behind.
the vehicle, which was soon bowling,down tin’
street. It turned off into a tree~l'ined tho 
fare, which it followed for aboutéhalf n; .-
which time the boy found his muscles
strained. He dropped tr. the ground. _
the cab On foot ‘up another at z ’
three-quarters of a mile,,hy. 

When the cab 

 
    
    
 
 
    
   
   
  

  
   
  

  

   
  
  

    
  
  
 
  
  
 

 
   
 
 

out in the country. 1 ,

 
 

  

   

J fair-sired country residence standing well back
a ‘ii the midst of a large lawn. There were lights
 in many of the rooms, particularly on the ground
ﬂoor. Lawyer. Sefton and his nephew disap-
. » into the house -

“‘ ~ “So this is where Crystal is living in the power
’ the conspirators, and Mrs. 0’Gallgher doubt-

is here, too,” muttered Joe.

The fence was no obstacle to Joe, and he was
moon inside of the grounds. He walked cautiously
to the house and peered in through one of the

' windows. He found he was looking into
. V dining-rooin While Joe was looking, Lawyer
Sefton and Nicholas Niles came in and seated
‘themselves at the table. A well-dressed lady and
gﬂiservant entered through another door.
y took a seat near Sefton and talked, while
the servant waited on the two late arrivals.
. “I don't see that Pin gaining anything here,
Ciiought Joe.

He walked around to the other side, passing
ihe kitchen door. He saw a window partly open
Iran the bottom, and decided to push it .up and
wlainber inside. He did so, and then shut it down.

The room was entirely dark. Striking a match
in that he could see his way and not fall over
jibe furniture, he found that he was in a sort of
' A desk stood near the window, and on
a revolver.

“I think '11 take charge of that,” said Joe, and
_  put it in his pocket He made his way to the
dooredand found, to his great chagrin, that it was

 

Before he could reach the window through
‘ which he had entered he heard a key rattle in the
lock of the door. He thought of an open closet
door he had seen near the desk, and jum ed into
the place, _puIlin the door to after him. omeone
entered with a 'ghted lamp and .placed it on top
of the desk. saw that it was a servant.
She did not immediately retire, but went around
ﬁxing up things» Finall she left the room: Joe
saw he could leave the ibrary now, but deemed
it wise to wait a few minutes. He was on the
Ezint of making a start when Lawyer Sefton and
nephew came in, and that settled his chances.
_ “Now, nephew,” said the lawyer, opening the
desk, “the minister will be here soon, so we will
settle ing before he comes, for 1- want to
return to Boston ﬁrst thing in the morning."
“All ’ t, unky,” agreed the young man.
. “Here a a new agreement which you are to
 to which I shallvwant the signature
 ‘ of {air future wife before the ceremony. It
wﬁl be di on you both in a general way, but
 ‘ to nothing except between our-

“Whatever you say goes, unky." ,
-Erie: other paper is of more importance to
t it Crystal Rand will transfer to
in interest of her grandfather's
that in full payment for my
. The rest of the estate
all the income you need wish
the mat document.”
I0. ,, ..

 

  
  
  
  
 
    
  
  

‘fsr.i1l.ta

“BACK-NUMBER BIXBY” .

The .

 
 

with Crystal. She looked as if she had been ‘cry-
lngg, and Joe 3 heart beat fast as he peeped out at

r.

“Now, Miss Rand you will lease s‘ this -
per,” said Lawyer Sefton. D [an pa
. “Why should I sign it?” she asked in 3, fglter-
mg tone.
_ “Because I want you to. Remember you are
in my power-

It was then that Joe took a hand in the game.
Stepping quickly from the closet he reached out
his left hand and snatched the documents from
the lawyer's and shoved the revolver forward with
his right.

“Give me those papers.” cried Lawyer Sefton,

“Sit down, Nicholas Sefton, or I'll blow your
roof oif,” cried Joe. And you sit down, too, you
old sinner."

The boy advanced a step and snatched up the
two agreements from the desk.

_ “I’ll take these as evidence against the pair

‘of you for conspiracy. Come, Crystal, we'll go

back to New York-_ Get your hat and things.”

He led the girl from the room, locked the door
on the uncle and nephew, and took his stand at
the front door till C stal rejoined him.

“Where is Mrs. O’ allagher?” he asked.

“I haven't seen her since the day she left me at
Mrs. Tucker's house.” '

“Then the police may have to look for her."

They reached the station in time to catch the
last train for Brooklyn, and arrived in the city
of churches at ten o'clock. They reached Varick
street shortly before eleven, and, to J oe’s surprise,
the found Mrs. 0’Gallagher in her rooms. She
ha just returned from a hospital, where she had
been ever since she was picked up unconscious in
the street by the police. ‘ She had been drugged
in the cab and the papers taken from her-

We will not dwell on the explanation that took
place between the three that evenin ; suﬂice to
say that next morning Crystal an her foster
mother visited Lawyer Bates, placed the docu-
ments in his hands, and en ged him to conduct
the case. He had no troub e in proving Crystal
the rightful heiress to the propert of Andrew
Band. The Court appointed a gua ian over her,
and she and Mrs. 0'Gallagher were provided with
a suitable home, where Joe Jarvis was a regular
visitor.

At eighteen Crystal became her own mistress,
and Joe, worth some 320,000, won through the
market, had risen to become Mr. B'ixby’s head
clerk. Then the young peoplewere married, and
Joe retired from Wall Street to take charge of his
wife's property, worth about $400,000, which he
had saved to her by being up to the minute.

Next week's issue \.ill contain “A YOUNG

BARNUM: or, STRIKING IT RICH IN THE‘

SHOW BUSINESS."

 

      
   
     

 

   

_ 5—-I1l'!;
-‘ rd-ixned that he could lick him in a fair
: ted

 
   

11.. 3., who would Not Drink

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER xvn (continued)?

Mrs. Wationtizas extremily p:1;')0|f;»r“d Sally
uughther y earman sal 5.

“Hrs. Watson,_don’t do or ,say anything: Silt
come right back into the  Here comes d e
town marshal, whose duty it is to command 011-_ er
and keep the, ce, and he Wlll prevent any‘ 111‘-
ther disturbance,” and _Sally almost by 11'3"‘ °"°°
led Mrs. Watson back into the store. f 1

‘I'll town marshal was a very power u man,
physiially, so he took charge of Brown 801% called
upon sev citiaens to help him carry the armeir
to the locku . He was only partially Sth|J|_m|<;l »
and before they reached the 106511!’ Wm‘ dlml ‘E
had recoveﬁd suﬁclepgyhtgurinagegetgtgigmezlgr
2l’.;'1‘§i.'§;-. sw; ' sail the time to kill the young
'h°l’;:u:" he too Ehminoi’ hliglt 3:1“ hgmvtgg
st!-en was mu o
landed in the station-house. h_ th h

P 14; ‘dedaroundtolookat lm_r0l18‘
the  :3;-‘two: the windows of the building. He
had found fault with Jimmy for landing‘ George
Williams in that same lockup, and now e found
himself a prisoner in the same D1809, ﬁnd h3_d U39
rpm" °-" W  :;.':."l.='.l.'::..:*;:".;2
there. The idea in _
he swore that if they dldnt open the 6300!‘ 8nd
release him he would kill the town marshal, burn
awn the town and all sorts of similar threats.

The town marshal talked with him through the
liars, but he was incapable of listening to reason.

Some of his friends joined with him in an “-
tummg with the marshal, and that otﬁcial
ﬂu-egtened to put some of them in there_with
Brown if they didn’t shut up “El @359 mte"
faring. It looked for a while as if a free light
was  take place, for Brown had many

in the country within a few miles .

of the county seat. _

- It was on Saturda and qllfte 8 ““"‘b°" °f

farmers had come in mm all side; of the tlown.
rsh 1 an of iron _rmneSS. 0“'-

coal? 3:!‘ it gigztsalsdn be said of Iron strength.

 It was believed that he wasthe only man in the

who was able to cope }Vith_B1'°‘;"‘ PhY5l°‘

but Brown, in talking with him through “"5

called him all sorts of harsh nagngist Ialgd

them to open the doors so that the marshal
aIlld’eome' in and tackle him.

The dlieer, however, was alevel-headed sort Of

and told him it wasn't his Place t° ".7 °°“‘

' with him in that sort of way: that It W85

H duty to.pra:.erve the peace, and that was What

$511,?! z.'to.t.‘.':‘“n.m., “you let that youns

 

FAME ANDFORTUNE WEEKLY 25 ”

if   JAMES

whelp, Jimmy Watson, kn k me down and then
wouldn't letgne have a go him myself.”

“That’s all right,” said the marshal. “You did
have a go at him. You both had an ual chance
at each other, and you got the worse edl‘ it."

“Well, why don’t you lock him up, too?”

“Because you started the ﬁght, and if I were
to put him in there with you, you would be like
two Kilkenny cats and would eat up each other.”

“That's just what I‘ would do to him—eat him
up!” yelled Brown. '

“All right, Mr. Brown. I see you are still
hungry for a ﬁght. You can take my word for
it that you will stay in there until you feel dif-
ferent and are willing to keep the peace.”

“Oh, you are willing enough to keep me in here,
but not so with Jimmy Watson.”

“Jimmy is a peaceable citizen,” retorted the
marshal. “He isn’t disposed to make any trouble
at all, hence I have nothing at all to do with him.
When you show a similar disposition, why, I'll
treat you in the same way.”

Just then Lawyer I-Iuckberry told the marshal
that he was going to apply for an order from the
judge of the district for a warrant to bring
farmer Brown’s before him at once, as one of
Brown's sons had engaged his legal services.

“All right,” said the marshal. “Bring an order
from the judge for me to produce Brown before
him and I’ll obey it at once.”

The next instant Lawyer Johnson, who had
repdresented J immy the day before, spoke up and
sal :

“I guess the judge won’t issue any order of the
kind as long as he understands that Brown is
drunk and disorderly.”

Lawyer Huckberry went to the judge's oﬁice,
accompanied by a wealthy citizen, and made rep-
resentations that the prisoner was conﬁned in the
lockup and demanded to be brought before him
at once.

“What’s he in the locku for?” the judge asked.

“Drunkenness and via ence," said the young
lawyer. -

“Is he sober?” asked the judge.

“No, your honor, he is as drunk as a biled owl
at this moment.”

“Then let him stay there until he is sobered
up. I don’t wish to try any man when he is
drunk.” ,

“Your honor,” said Huckberry, “this is Satur-
day, and if the case is not attended to the pris-
oner will have to remain over Sunday in the lock-
up; which would be an injustice.

0

CHAPTER XVIII . _,
How Ceorge Broke His Pledge _ 2

   

Now we will return to George Williams’ case,—- “
as we had left him locked up in the statio  .
the night before, his father having made good is I
word to have nothing more to do with him  . i r
continued drinking and getting Into trouh . . 5'

Of course the next morn_mg,he was .
sober and very thirsty. _J1mmy 
into town to appear against 
himl1lesocondtxme.._ ..'

Naturally he had 

    
 
   
 
 

   
   

 9.,

   

     
   
  
  
   
  

  his case‘: buthis. father not show— 

my up. he‘ sgithéﬁr Lawyer Huckberry, who of

ifl ‘should give bail for you and help you
 of this place, and he said he would not and

 have ‘nothing more to do with you ‘until you
~ ‘ drinking.’ You know the old man has a
. deal of hard—headedness about him. He said
» e_ told you yesterday that he would not spend

, 1- cent on you as long as you kept up your
, and I guess he means to kee his word.
. ow,’ _I could get you out of here easi y by going
Q1 your bond, but you don’t seem to have any
appreciation for an ing done for you.”

“Good heavens, r. Huck rry, set me out of
here, and I'll right strai t Home and never
touch‘ another‘ rop of liquor. ’

1», “Do you promise that on your word of honor,

" es, sir. Liquor always did make a fool of
:~ me, and I've taken my last drink.”
L-_'_. 3 “George, your father and I have been personal
‘-»~ ﬁiends all of ourjiveé. We went 1*:-yd school-htm
. . .getheran grew up in young manh toge er.
; sgnforgiis sake I willrdgo onhyour biindﬁlbugeif you
‘ l ’t o wo wit me wi your
', friend zlﬁpziihrgf and if_ on don't I ‘will be the
 laser, for your father wil not make it g .”
 Ilililckbény, I'll keep gy gord fafitllifully
wi never touch ano er rop o iquor
awnd will hasv: nolthingwmore to go  J imtrﬁy
. jatson." w on was a en ore e
f ' judge. his lawyer told the story of his promise to
abstain from drinking and kee the peace and
begged that the judge would be enient with him.
' “All right; I'll 've the young man a chance.
glld lac; him truer ﬁve clliiéndreclli dollllars’ botrlid
et imgo on con iion at e sign e
I ledge of total abstinence and not drink another
- 51-opthéif biiitolizicatiliég liquozh forledthe tIle¥trfSl_3€
'-mon,u em sign epgeooei
.' ﬁve hundred dollars as a fine if he iviolates the
L ‘_ ledge and drinks any intoxicants within that
nugtli or time."
“You hear the conditions, George," said the

,""«'=§‘..T.f, sir.”
, “Are you willing to sign the bond?"
. ‘“I-am." - -
' so the papers were drawn up and_ signed and
_,,,the ' like dismissed the charge against him of
: , ess and disorderly conduct.
Jimmy together with a number of his friends,
in the court-room. .
urs late: George Williams was drunk

 

 

 
    
     
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
    

of him. i .
- him in a crowd of boisterous compan-
 hiin andpaakved him if he hadn't

an that! I) 2'
Ylal RVG.

 
 

 ,,';’George,” said the lawyer, “I sent word out to“
Er father telling what ha‘d happened and asked ‘

 Lawyer Huckberry; hearing of it, went .

1 "I a drop," he replied, “and I_

‘pulpit on the followin .
f.wmild8pe8k_ ,  
é f—.that.‘Judge.Wilson would preside. ’ 5  " '

 

.p'-’

érrested ieainu:ggt*mg  932*

W83
him to make a good

That night ~ being ‘Saturdiiy lnight,‘ n“ot“'o_nl>y 
became

George, but two other, young fellows so
boisterous-that the town marshal hadto arrest
the three and lock them up. '

It was about night when‘ Farmer Brown's
friends succeeded in prevailing upon the judge to

let him out of the lockup in the custody of some

friends, who took him ut in the country and kept
him there until he was well sobered and in a
peaceable humor. '

The next ﬁnorning being Sunday, Jimmy and
his mother attended the Sunday-school as usual
in the church where they were in the habit of
going week after week.

The settlement was pretty thicklv populated,
and the Sunday-school had a rather large attend-
81108.

The pastor of the church, who was an ardent
temperance man, came to Jimmy and asked him
if he would not make a temperance speech at
noon instead of leaving him to deliver the usual
sermon at that hour.

“Parson, I'm no preacher,” said he, ﬁend the
less I so during the present excitement on that
subject e more quietude we'll have in the com-
munity." ‘

“Jimmy,” said the preacher, “the community
needs being aroused to the very fullest extent in
order to bring about the closing of the bar-rooms,
not only in the township, but in the county.”

“Well, it is the business of you preachers to do
that," said Jimmy. “I'm no professional speaker,
anyway, and I think that the less I have to say
the better it will be for me.”

“Jimmy, the interest of the community centers
around you entirely just now-," insisted the
preacher. “Everybody knows that you are an
enthusiastic temperance boy, and that you can
make a good speech on the subject, so if you will
promise me to speak I will announce it before the
church will be crowded for the regular services."

"I'd rather not do it, Mr. Goodly. I’ve no busi-
ness in the pulpit, an ay.".

“Why, Jimmy, wor coming from you on the
subject will have greater eﬁect on the community
than what any minister could say," pleaded the
pastor. 4

Just then Mrs. Watson saw the pastor talking
to her son, and, suspecting the truth, immediately
went to them and learned what they were talking

. about. . -
Jimmy told her that the pastor wanted him to ,

make a temperance speech in lieu of the regular
services for the day.

Shexinimediately vetoed it, but told him that she
would consent for him to speak on the-follow:
Sunday, after the announcement had been
for a week. » A .

To‘ that Jimmy made‘ no objections, and the

1 announcement was made by the pastor in his ser~

mon tliat morning. .
* He said that James Watson would occupy the
Sunday morning

on the su ject otteinperauce and

 

  

7”’ ”"»o:‘°:se"°',d.neiae'“."”Wi.’°~7‘§§"£i§‘é‘”pQ".'e’  V

79,54    '

    
   

  

 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY I 21

1' ‘A v “It is not worth while nowadays to paint the»-
.   FOftl.[.ne  whole of a woman's ﬁgure,” said Sir Fran’
“When you have painted half the length there i

' NEW YORK: MAY 25, 1923 nothing more worth pain ' ." . .

y ' ='——'—"'+—‘ ?=: ‘‘In the old days,” Collier explained, “woman’
._   dress was ﬂowing and yielded lines which w
  suitable to the brush of an artist. With mod

V diéess it is dittferent. 'I'he linesh halt ksholi-t. 
‘ si es, it is no every womanwo oos er .
g§£}'o.¢..-’° ,-'xn(noe|*ogxl¥e!ei-stereo“ ongﬁtrtigf‘: :5-'.'.."ic§;.ef.-’.' when she shows her legs.”

in any other wav an at your risk. we accept Pottnco “I don't think it is fair to blame modern dress,‘

Stan fie ﬁne-"Mil W59“ '°'"”"3 “"3 "F" said Miss Lion “You can not have any moi-Q:
or void run; . ‘. .
3 en|v:l<I>=e.. 'i'c”:'li3t°y<§’u'3°°ii.me”'.‘L°.§ §'3.i'rm §i".iniy. charming por_t!]'m§ than that of young. shin, pm
‘Hyman pm “sent. ty, modern git s ressed quietly but smartly
vl u a-

fashionably.”

 

Olbcopy Three Month“
Onaoopy 8: 

  

 

............ .. " “ I-OI '
°-- “W °-°o--'°'r- sum am» so»  T°Bsi":§o%§isti¥;*i°.i. 
A0410! 13305 0° In‘ “yT'a§in;.z“t:ree booksd  hign-Ethe Biblceg, Tho,

WESTBURY PUBLISHING C0» 0 333° 3“ 9 R‘ .0337?‘ “St8V'
cu, Davidson, thirty-two, author and book reviewer

 St'_":’ N‘. Yak of No. 175 Variick Street,_  leave hsilaydl ffozha’.
VIII? -'"'- """‘- woyears’rsi enceonRuni ra,ani an o '
“ " “"' "'°"""' "‘ 5"‘ Austral group about 500 miles south of Tahiti...

saidNto beYur]i'i(nl(;abited heretofore by a W(l!1l't€ man‘.

“ ew o ‘ssinates me," Mr. Davi son sai

INTERESTING ARTICLES meentlv-ﬁg‘! .am Ioolgnz guard to a spmmn
reguvena n in my a ven re.”

HUGE CATCHES OF TR(();J'nT t. h'I_‘h}eh.1e&i:istra:-lesI:l)andlst_artee vligginnlirtieirary soil
Reports ml the New york state serva _ion w ic esi cu iva , l_'. a son sai
D°P"‘m°'.’f "*-d*.,°:3‘° :,';:‘:..‘;”::.:"i::.i.".::,.“:;';§.  “$2192: ::;:::'*‘:1:..*:.‘...:'.'«*'.:.:’ 135:":

more tron rain W. 2 '. . _ 7
more in the “SW °f W d*=PaW‘—~ i d £2213‘ .':.°i';~. :.1i*:i;.:3;*.:*ia',::.;"* s 
Game protectors reported on thetgpalin evaeg Tubuai and Papa He will take two hiaotioumwi
that more ﬁsh hadmgbeenn mkrtsznen thanalfey tlle limit ture cameras - n pm-
heud of bag?’ f t1'Zl1Stp‘{Jef0l‘:n 9t o’cl‘fck in the Mr. Davidson has a master of arts degree from
:'f0::?n [Tum 0 Colu$bia Unii:’ei;sity. He is author o”f‘:‘Me_lmo¢h,
The ievament W5 M  ‘"5. :2: 3:: i::::.’:;:'» ...%°2%:.:‘.:::::;*“°"'  °'
usual catch. Many streams, here roe rs ofutrpmt , - ‘
ducﬁw» are 9°" 7‘°’-"‘“‘ large '-mmro ﬁsh rroni Y CHT’S RAI I0 EVTERTAINS H
due to care in Dllﬁﬂtlng ﬁndﬁarlng r. ‘ h A 1 - UNTING
the State hatchenes. The increased size of t e EXPEDITION IN AFRICAN JUNGLE
trout taken is 3190 noticeable. Reports Of l:d1‘°W" , Off the coast of Africa, the motor yacht Cr_u- _
mm   we we W" W - ::.::::-,2;::;d.:i,::~..::~.r.:::;::::ri.2:;;:i::’;:: E
   §s=:;:,;::::s::.;: *;:.*”:;r:‘:..:'.;:‘*:‘,“ér;: 32.:-.:
The State 1Rd“5“'i‘l B°.‘"d M“ ‘domed 3' rule hunting big game on the east coast of the dark
under which emPl°Yed °h“d"°n ;,‘° ]°').'g;’;t3?,°: continent, it was learned recently through an
be subjected to the dangers 0 800 ced recem_ official of the_Marcom company.
wei--driven maChm€l'Y {t V“ ‘n.n°“n - The yacht is said to  one of the most elabo-
y by Miss Frances P9!'lK1B5u,Ch3‘"“:‘d'er “teen rately ﬁtted aﬂoat. _VVireless programs can be.
Under.  new rulm¢_ Chlldrail ‘lands (3 pow_ picked up over long distances. Nearly every room
are Dl‘°h1bW°d 57°” “'°"k“‘8 0" 3 th ﬁre ma_ has its lou_d speaker. _
er-‘gfiven machinery except Vherie 9 9: Sixteen E_xpedition_s _into the interior carry poi-tab].
chi e is enclosed. 8n_d_ Chlldre“ “'7” h radio transmitting and receiving sets and are said .~‘/.
804 0585“-‘en 8'8 Dwhlblwd f"°m wmkmghon sqct to maintain contact with the mothership. When’
machines unless complete‘): 8'“3"d°d ‘t ‘ ° 9°” important messages have been cleared, entertaiﬁi

é

 

 

of operation! ing programs are sent from _the yacht's 250-wait
' Marconi telephone transmitting set. I
ARTISTS ASSAIL SHORT SKIRT Amusement is not the only use which Mr. Ma-~

to one the R0 al Academy at coiiiber malres of] wireless. l_iis' yacht is gwd
Logﬁoﬁvfff ‘§.f,..7.'.’.,..e¢ knee length skirts from equipped _with a complete radio installation -fo’p
the awsﬁc vie'poi,,t_ transmission and reception of commercial 
‘ Ana 1: arose from the fact that most of sages,_news and weather reports, no that he ‘- ~ .
e an ngenpdgy portraits of women are half keep in close touch with the outer-_ world.  f 
 , 1,,‘-¢$_ Sir Frank Dicksee, President of the aca- 1,500-watt continuous wave transxnittei-_,ap¢}»ai.}_m
, and the Hon-. John Collier say it is because 1,500-watt spark type set enable   dam‘,  
of commercial 

wt’: I

   
 

 skins. Flo Lion a well-known por- in communication _witli _
 hat pznwl.’ duh. £2» ’ tions over long distances. ‘ _ —_ -,

 
 

   
 

  

    

‘ fI'was running on a road in Virginia about
~  years ago. \
 e was a sort of free and easy train,f ﬁild
though’ _ we went at at speed a part 0 e
;?‘wa‘y'*,' we used to bralgeup for almost anything

‘  required a. stop. _ _

 If I saw..a man coming across the ﬁelds with

1 a ha and an umbrella in his hand I shoved in

the t rattle. ’ '

 Every Monday a gentleman by the name of
' Knight used to board my train after the “smack."
'3} _ As we were a free’ and easy party, I used to

" go in and get something to eat.‘
-2' ‘ It was served in a dilapidated old hotel, kept
I '  a seedy Virginian, for the land in that part

- the State was exhausted by too much tobacco
‘cultivation, and it was hard work for_some of
 eo le to get a living.

 ,T£e funch was composed of fried bacon and
‘ “ash cake," or “Johan cake" baked in the ashes.
I noticed that Mr. ight always had a rus-
, set leather bag in his hand. _
It was not more than a foot long, and six
inches wide. .
It appeared to have something in it, as he went
4 down to Richmond and back to Millford on my

" train. ’ ’

’ » He was never without the bag.
1924. ' ' As he came back the same day he did not need
  to carry clothes with him, and I concluded that
he had something in the bag which was con-
nected-with his business. _
>After I had seen him every week for six
months, I got acquainted with him, and was not
A 1' little interested in his bag.
~‘ Being a lineal descendant of Mother Eve, I
had some of her curiosity.

Lwanted to ~kn w what was in that bag. _
 asked Darr , “the captain of the train,"
was called. _ . 1
" _ knew no. more than Idid, ‘except that Mr.
_Knight always carried it in his hand all the
vJ°§l!I¢!- » . ., ’ .

‘ —came.to the '%nclusion that ‘the bag can-
.tained-snmething of _ at value.

.3 One 1orenoon,,whi we were at the "snack,” I
 a fellow by the name of Cobley, who
 ‘to be trying to get acquainted with the
‘ ntwneroftthe mysterious bag. ‘
“shoat," whose

bley was an unpromising
-. Ill anything but-clean. . _
 oneh sentencedin the peniten-
riptsaln a one, an was I gene
. Elie line of the railroad. _
 ‘ to one of the firstlfamilies
_ ,_inknoneofthemwereui-
- as a relative. ‘ .
-not seem to covet his_'friend-
coldly, as he did; every

 
   
       
 

 

 

     
    
 
     
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  

.ma 1- ,r,,*.. i__ :_   V .~ .
4 ‘.‘Do ~"y’mt.  ‘to '  

   

1

-5»

bummer. 2
. “By no means
choosing m

  

own ‘companions on" my journey,"
added Mr. night, ﬁrmly, but courteeusly. -

I left the room, and as I mounted the foot-
board of the machine I saw Mr. Knight and Cob-V
ley get into the rear, or third car of the train.

So far as I could see there was only one other‘

passenger in it—a man that were an old bell-
crowned white hat. ‘

Just before we came to the long down grade,
the bell rang, and I stopped the train, having 3
fatherly interest in all connected with In char e.

I looked back and saw the white hat heave t e

- rear car, and crawling through the line of trees

the birds sitting on the fence had planted there,
he struck across the lot.

I went ahead again.

For some reason or other I, could not help
thinking of our weekly passenger, who was now
alone in the rear car with Cobley.

It occurred to me that he might get mad
enough to do the owner of the russet bag an in-
Jury.

I had a man on the engine with me who was
learning the business.

He knew the machine perfectly, but he had to
learn the road.

He had already been with me long enough to be
familiar with the crossings and grades.

I left him in charge of the machine, and
climbed over the tender into the forward car.

There were a dozen people in this car. and
only three in the next one; while the third con-
tained only Mr. Knight and Cobley.

I found Darracott in the first car, enlightening
a Northern gentleman in regard to the resources
of Vir inia, which was a favorite occupation to
him w en he could find the proper auditor.

“Did you know that Cobley was alone in the
rear car with Mr. Knight?" I asked as I passed
through the car.

“Well what of it?" asked the captain, bestow-
ing a blank look upon me.

Cobley got riled up with him before we left
Millford, and I am afraid they will have trouble,"
I added, thinking it strange that he could not see
the point of the argument.

“Cobley hasn't pluck enough to do any harm,”
said the captain, with a laugh, as he turned to
his auditor. - <

I continued my walk through the train till I
came to the rear car.

When I reached the platform of it, I saw
Cobley with hatchet in his hand.

“What are you about?” I called to him, for I
regarded the hatchet as a deadly weapon he in-

. tended to use upon the owner of the russett bag.

The hammer made me no reply; but with one

blow of the hatchet struck the shackle which eou- '

the rear car with the

nected
II dseenoreasonwhy

nextono.
the villain haddone

    
  

‘it to_fall behind ‘the train. .

 

. »..e~'re‘<».xi:s.. ;the'~1>‘ri‘vi':1eg.o°ofr  ‘

The iirst effect of detaching the car waste  ~  I
, impulse was  to the  -.

  
    

y I W  G thvconduct of ‘.c0bley
_  , yﬂgatunhon. ‘
sewYhnn;.go.to. r. Knight, _
  present a pistol at his head.
_,I ~hea,r,.~what’ hesaid, but a moment later
I saw him, with the russet bag in his hand,
coming to the forward platform. _
‘ {When he reached it, he stood lookm from one
side to the ther, and appeared to be wildered.
,. “ I understood him perfectly now. He had made
a blunder. ’ -
1 He had not taken any notice of the grade and
-had supposed the car would soon stop after it had
been detached from the train. I

He had robbed Mr. Knight of the bag he so
carefully protected. ”

‘ ’ Possibly Cobley knew what was in the bag, if
I did not. _

It was just about big enough to contain a large
bundle ofvbank bills. _

-Mr. Knight had been up and down that grade
times enough to know it well.

In a moment more he roved that he under-
stood the situation better an the scoundrel that
had robbed him of his treasure.

' He went to the rear end of the car, and select-
i ‘the best place he could ﬁnd, he, jumped off.
ere was no brakeon the car, and it was im-
possible to stop it as it would have been to stop
a bolt of lightning.

Cobley had secured his prize, whatever it was,
and now he wanted to get off the car before it
bore him into the region of deputy sheriifs and
constables.

But he had not the pluck to jump off.

I did not wait to see any more of his move-
ments; I hastened to the engine,/and on the way
I counseled the passengers In the middle ear to
move intothe forward one. .

. I hastily told Dari-acott the situation, and he
ordered me to keep out of the way 0; the loose

7. ~
, * “That was what I intended to do if I could;
i but five miles ahead I had to _meet the up train.
* , ,Wlie3‘ we came to the heaviest _of the grade I

I found at the loose car was gaining upon me at

: a fearful rate.
I saw that it was no use to light the battle any

« lon . -

v v ﬁe loose car. would wreck the whole train if
A jt struck it after it stopped on the siding. ‘
‘ We were rapidly nearing the station. -
‘ If we were not swi ‘off, as \18_1l8l. W3 Should
I ‘come into collision with the _up train. a
.* Something must be done immediately.
I sent the extra engineer back. to the second

     
   
 

 

   
    
   

   

I »W,hmﬂ’.thX'$ times. _
It 1‘!Is’cleiir enough tome that, in order to save

   
 

of he company’; property, must

 up tw cars. a .
 loose a mile behind. me.

 

    

 ‘WEEKLY

I don’t»know just; how it was done, but the  L
of the middle ear rose up into the air. and seemed >

 he had left: to come down on the top of the other; and where" "

' serves me

can  directions to cutaway the shackle when.

llytliecliros of the tigers and prevent a , ater ,
destruction .
eled an to. far places in 

my machine. and soon hroilabt it.,to M

they metwas a heap of ruins.
I ran the train back to the spot.

We found the body of Cobley under the wreck.“

There was no life in it, and it was badly man-

had made a trap to sacriﬁce his own life.
One side of it had been ripped open, and I saw

By his side was the russet bag, for which in

‘ that it contained bank bills.

I took it on the engine with me, and I doi_i’t
know that any other person saw it. ,

We threw aside the wreck, and I ran back till
we met Mr. Knight. _

He had saved his life and saved his money.

He was the cashier of a country bank, and went
every Monday to Richmond to change his bills.

He allowed no one to know who or what he was,
if he could help it.

The country was a ainer for Cobley’s misha ;
and he made nothing, t lost his life, by “Bre -
ing a Train." ' p

 

HABIT~GUIDED CITY PEOPLE

A creature of habit is the seasoned New Yorker.
The city’s life, interesting as it is to visitors,
rely as ii neutral background for the
He pa s it little or no

enterprises of his day. _
point

attention as he goes to his war .. A ﬁxed

on the subway platform is his each morning. ‘

He enters the train. by ii door in relatively the
same position day after day and drops into In
certain seat. if seats are available, or grabs a
particular familiar strap. .1
Here is a man who so regularly purchases his
two morning papers with ii dune. leaving him a
nickel in change for his carfaxe, that._the blind
newsdealer, recognizing his voice. ﬁnishes his
sentence for him by saying_ “Out of 10 cents."
And there is a man acplaining to a neighbor how
he happens to be coming home from the wrong di-
rection. His usual evening paper, read accord-
ing to his usual system, brings him out even with

the journey to his proper stop; but this €V°Ol!i!II,,

contrary to custom. he pondered over the daily
bridge ‘game and so was carried on to the end
0 t or inc. '

The story is told of a man who thus. 
matically made his way dailéoio and fmmwozi

   
  
  
   

in the neighborhood of the rtland Street ~...
way station. On Sunday l\e.con8e!!t§d‘to_ 5
small son to the Aquarium. and 

started on the father's eyery—day route.
Cortland street was reached the 
of habit, walked absentmindedly ca, 
too. absorbed in the journey to 

' New Yorkers, some says? I
le in the world 
. ‘Km “#3

 

 

 

     
  
  
   
    
     

 »-we '! .,—*«__r+'~az_-_rg§-1

"so - FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY‘

sr ' BRIEF BUT P'0lNTED"

_ BIRTHS EXCEED DEATHS
Births in New York State during January far
med deaths, according to the Department of
In New York City there were 10.611 births and
H,012 deaths; in the rest of the State 7,8l9 births
ﬁnd 6,452 deaths. The birth rate per 1,000 of
ation was 20.8 in New York City; elsewhere
8.7; the city’s death rate was 13.8, for the rest
the Sate 13.6.
The birth rate for urban communities was 19.6
g only 11.9 for rural. The urban death rate
13. and the rural 12.4.
Johnson City. population 12,639, had the high-
birth rate in the State, 35.5. Hudson, popu-
‘on 11,353, had the highest death rate, 33.3.
Village of Mamaroneck, in Westchester Coun-
, had the highest infant mortality. Its rate
kn: 200 deaths under one year of age out of
- ,000 living births.

PLAN TEST OF TICKER DEVISED T0
TABULATE ?,(Xl0,Nl0 SHARE DAYS

Anewtypeofstockticker that issaidtobe
of keeping up with the stock market on
7,000,000 share days, is about to be installed
the New York Quotation Company for a six
tbs’ tat under the most adverse conditions,

e Associated Press reggrats.

‘Die new instrument developed a speed of
rﬂ) characters a minute in laboratory tests. The
pnaximumspeedofthepresaittypeoftickeris
ponly 300 characters a minute, and on recent 4,-

,000 share days on the New York Stock Ex-
angetheoldstyletiekershadbeennéarly an

hour behind the market.

The new machine, which radically diﬁers from

. oldinmechanical deuilawasdeveloped and
by the lorkrum-Kleinschmidt Co ration

R ' The New York Quotation pany

7 to install about twenty-ﬁve of the new ma-
‘ farthedxnxmthrtestperiodandifthey

rove satisfactory under actual market conditions

the present type machines will be replaced.

_-"- l’ I ALICE OF WONDERLAND SOLD FOR

$77,000
'_ ‘Alice came back to Wonderland recently after
- -six years. But it was a changed Alice and
" diﬂerent Wonderland, for she is seventy-four
~ and the Wonderland was the close, noisy auc-
~ room of Sotheby's.
" . . .. and hobbling painfully up the steps with
I . aupportof two friends, Alice, now Hrs. Alice
. :. iﬂargreaves, came to see her manu-
'of the original “Alice in Wonderland” with
author’: own thirty-seven illustrations sold to
'3.’ W. Rolaibach of Philadelphia for $77,-
:'$I~d’price for a modern manuscript.
'- ,aje,and"‘for private reasons" Alice

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

_tleshipsbyadiaplayofpa1ntm:saudstatIn.|1. ,_:

  

 

dftxzartmentt it the tﬁnilvez-lséity liegan his story tha
a. rnoonoeep eit girrom ' ques-
tion; _{oVSalk by week he atcillded to it f then
wro 1 ou inninety— reepageso long-
 (Laternhe published it under the name of

W15 arro .

After the sale recently Alice said her one re-
 was tihatDtheRmanubs:;-}i‘pt would! no;
n ngan. r. oeen pr-ompyoered
sell it to the British Museum for the price he paid
and eﬁnrts will be made to raise the money.

GREAT MORTALITY AMONG PEERS LAST
YEAR IS TOLD BY DEBRETT

The year 1927 was a fatal one for more British
peers and peeresses than in any year since 1878.
Thirty-seven peers and thirty-one peereses died.

The new Debrett for 19%, in recording the high
death rate among the peers, states that forty-
three baronies have been called out of abeyance
since 1604.

The title which remained longest in aheyance,
547 years, was that of the barony of Straholgi,
the heir to which is J. M. Kenworthy, member of
Parliament, and the shortestwastheharonyot
Berners, thirty-seven days. The average for the
whole period is one title called out in not quite
every eight years.

During 1927, upwardof 400 honors were he-
stowedandsevennewpeerageawerecreated. It
takes3,360closely pac.kedpagestolistGrut
Britain's ranks of titled folk with their dignities
and honors.

FLOATING ART GALLERY RESTS EYES-OF
OFFICERS ON AIRPLANE CARRIER

Uncle Sam's giant airplane carrier, the Sara-
toga, naval men to be the last word
in her class, is also a ﬂoating art gallery. And
anartgalleryaboax-damano'war,1:heyassert,
is one of the newest things under the sun.

When the wide-decked crft set out on her cruise
from Philadelphia to join the Plciﬁc ﬂeet the
wardroom of the junior oﬁcers presented a color-
ful spot. Paintings done in oil and water were
clamped securely to the walls and pieces of da-
tuary were anchored where they would be safe
from the roll of the sea.

Perhaps, too, the junior omcers of the Sara?
constitute the first group of American naval -
cers to appoint an art committee in an attempt
to beautify their ﬂoating home. The Saratoga’s
art committee owes its inspiration to Ensign Don-
ald Peterson. He in turn was ins ired by the
G a. hic Sketch Club, where he studied painting
whi e the ship was prepared for sea last fall.’

Before the Saratoga sailed she was visited by a
numherofpatronslifthearts. Aaaresulta
committee of the Philadel hia Art Alliance is
prepanngtowritetothe etaryoftheliavy‘
recomme ' that an eﬁortbe madetoinprnn
the interior ration scheme of American hat-

: L f‘?

/ . K p 7:,»
' 1"...-‘ ~  .4/,Mv-A-£."A>au.ﬂ:--h

  

GET HAIRCUTAT NEW MOON, BRITON
ADVISES _
- Do you have your hair cut when the _m00n 15
full? If you do, you shouldn't, accordmz W 8
London business man who dabbles in astronomy-
‘ ,"Mushrooms and similar vegetationngrow best
when the moon is approaching fu11._ this man
says. “It is the same with human hair. At full
moon the hair has most sap and should not be
cut then, but just before a new moon.

WHISKEY 8C. A QIﬁTAR}'§ BUT WAY BACK
I 18

Frank Smeltzer, who has a store _at Adams-
burg, ran across a century-old ledg_er In the 831‘-
ret that was used by a storekeeper in Adamsburg
ii;I_stage coaﬁh days over the Pittsburgh-Philadeh

la Iurn I E.
p Among ‘the entries on a page dated June 29,
1829, appear the following: two $311035 05 Whisky.
62 cents; two pounds of butter, 16 cents; coffee.
18% cents per pound; tobacco, per D1118‘. 3 centsi
sugar per pound, 10 cents; mackerel. 8 Cents;
pair pants, 31; quart of apple brandy. 1255 Cents:
rye, 50 cents a bushel; quart of whisky. 3 09"“?
bottle, 12% cents.

MILK WINS FAVOR IN MUNICH AS BEER
HINDERS ATHLETICS _

Milk is slowly su planting beeigeven In the
Bavarian capital, hi erto the paradise for lovers
of malt and hops concoctions. A milk station has
been established in the central railwa station_of
Munich. Within a short time the num r_of daily
patrons frequenting this drinking emporium 1135
risen to 3,500. _ ,

The most striking thing about the ml“! Sumo“
is the fact that three-fourths _of its P3“'°"3 ‘"3
men. This is in part explained lay the great
popularity which athletics now enioys In Ger-
many.

BEER IN FAJR  BUT WHISKY
Chancellor of the Exchequer Winston Churchill

announced recently his discovery that Etfgllshmen

drink beer in good weather and whisky In bad.

. He told the House of Commons the beer revenue
was $20,000,000 less than estimated last year. and
Lady Astor, a leader of the temperance forces in
the House, cried, “Hear! Hear!” However. the
Chancellor added that whiskv had brought m
more than ex ed and he attributed It to the
fact that the‘weather last year was abnormally

 

CONSENT LAW REDUCES CITY BUREAU_
MARRIAGES _ ,

Only 973 marriages were performed in _APl‘11

at the marriage chapel of the Marriage License
Bureah in the Municipal Building, as Compared

.;.'r with 1.403 in April, 1927, it was revealed recently’-

Ef 0i'ilv.2.470 licenses were issued, as agaﬁiertlist 2.969 .

in April, 1927. The decrease is asc_ri 1:0 the
-. 'li¢w_fs_tate law which provides that minors cannot
.hg‘-iiiari-hd.in the bureau _without the consent of

s _.- .-. .. ',V__-.

  
 
 

  *     AND i=oR'rtiNE WEEKLY 31
A ECURRENT NEWS

   

,t13°e_!»_orchid and

For the vear to date the bureau.ﬁgures show
3,765 marriages in the chapel. In the same period
a year ago, 5,353 couples had been married.
Licenses for the first four months of 1923 totaled .'
9,696. In the first four months of 1927, there
were 11,277 licenses.

SCANTY DRESS AS COLD PREVENTIVE
URGED ON MEN BY HEALTH SOCIETY
By working in their own homes without any

clothes, even in the winter, some men become im-

mune to colds.

This is the special little shiver direct from the
sanctum of the New Health Society in support of
the contention of Mark Clement, of the physio:
logy department of the Middlesex Hospital, who
says he hasn't had a cold in ﬁfteen years. He
attributes this freedom to the fact that he dresses
as scantily as circumstances permit.

Pointing to the health of the so-called “weaker”
sex, the health protagonists advise men to take a
leaf out of the book of their wives, who are said
to be far healthier since the passing of the Vic-
torian age, with the resulting emancipation from
heavy clothing.

Scientists of these fog-beleaguered islands are
all against red tlannels and their modernized suc-
cessors, saying that the ideal clothing for the
average man is very light underwear of open tex-
ture and the use of heavy clothing only in the
form of an overcoat.

To be really free from colds, is the ﬁnal warn-
ing, get back to Methusaleh. -, .

NT I
ACID STAIN PROCESS GIVES MAPLE}
FLOOR DECORATIVE USES

More than ever before it is being realized that
color can transform an uninteresting home into a
place of beauty and cheer; that color can help
make a room feel warm or cold; that color, wise-
ly employed, can give brightness to a hallway
that is dark or modify the eﬁect of sunlig in
a room that is overexposed. And the of
color schemes of the various rooms is usually the
ﬂoor—heretofore restricted in hue to a few varia-
tions on the natural color of the wood.

A new method of ﬁnishing maple ﬂooring has
made possible the employment of color in the
ﬂoor. This uses an acid stain process developed
recently by the Maple Flooring Manufacturers '
Assilociation in co-operation with the industry gem ‘
era y.

The process may be used by any p:iinter'off i
ordinary skill, using the stains and varnishes doc-‘ _ ‘ ‘
ommended by the association. It imparts to noi;t_h- ‘.12’
em hard maple a variety of delightful ” _; 
garent permanent ﬁnishes, and their up li --  ‘

rings out the delicate grain of the w ‘
ing a distinctive type of floor beauty.nev'er‘
fore achieved. -. _ . . .3‘

In the applicatioirof the‘P?0¢Q8s, .
covered by one coat of ' »‘and‘ty§.
ing varnish. Some of tho? ,

"lhgiie spmmhmiingb " '
grown, silver gray,’

    
     
    
   
 
  
   
     

 
 
 
 
 

 

‘V: .
we

 
 

.\.<«

   

  
  
 
 
  
  
     
   

Fame   and 

x

W" 

' — Latest‘ Issues §— ‘

1132 A Boy of the Curb; or, The Secret of a
Treasury Note.

‘1133 Frorn Foundry Boy to Steel King; or. The

Rlse of a Young Bridge Builder.

1134 The Missing Box of Bullion: or. The Boy
Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery.

1135 Claim No. 7; or. A Fortune from a Gold
Kine.

. 1136 Out for Big Money; or. Touching Up the
Wall

Street Traders.
1137 The Bov lce King; or. Coining Money From
the River.
1138 Four of a Kind: or, The Combination that
Made Wall Street Hum.

1139 Boh Brandon. Contractor: or The Treasure
That Led To Fame.

.1110 A Bov From the South; or. Cleaning Out a

Wall Street Crowd.

1141 Hal the Hustler: or. The I-‘eat That Made
Him Famous.

1142 A Mad Broker's Scheme; or. The Corner that
Couldn't Be Worked.

1143 Dollars From Dust: or. The Boy: Who
Worked a Silver Mine.

1144 Billv Black. the Broker’: Son; or, The
Worst Boy in Wall Street.

1145 Adrift In the See; or, The Treasure of
Lone Ref.

1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The Boy
Who Puled the Brokers.

1147 Wireless Will; or, The Success ot a Young

Telegraph Operator. _

1148 Wall Street Jones; or Trimming the Tricky
Traders.

1149 Fred the Faker: or, The Success of a Young
Street Merchant.

1150 The Lad From Trlseo; 01'. Pushing 9|!
"Big Bonanza."

1151 The Lure of Gold; or, The Treasure of
Colin Rock.

Smashed a Wall Street “Ri'ur."

Hisxing For a Year; or, linking a Fortune
in Diamonds.

Phil. the Plunger, or: A Nervy Boy’: Game

-« the Boy Blacksmith; or. From the

2 to. Fortune.
‘ L3.  ‘,

1152 Mnney Maker Mack; or, Phe Boy Who

uerwﬂheuattoaay

"seam-amapzospie-.seuup.:a.,.

1156 Bob's Big Risk; or. The Chanoe.That 
But Once.

1157 Stranded in the Gold Fields; or. The Treas-
ure of Van Diernan's Land.

1158 “Old Mystery,” the Broker; or, Playing a
Daring Game.

1159 Capital, One Dime; or, Boring Hia Way to
Fortune.

1160 Up Aga'st HtG ; T Coll
Chumgnin 3'31? Streetam? °‘'' ''° °"

1161 A Big Contract; or, The Poor Boy Who Won.

1162 Benson's New Boy: or, Whooping up the
Wall Street Market.

1163 Driven to Work; or,  Fortune From a
Shoestring.
M ' T '
Chances in Wall Stree°:ey' on ‘km:

1164 The ..ay to Make

1165 Making His Fortune; or, The Deal of a
Plucky Boy.

1166 The Stock Exchange Boys; or, The Young
Speculators of Wall Street.

1167 Seac:  of Gold; or, How a Plucky Boy

Newsboy to Stockbroker.

1169 Adrift on the Orinoco; or. The Treasure of
the Desert.

1170 Silent Sam of Wall Street; or, A Wonderful
Run of Luck.

1171 Alwa_,'s on the Move; or, The Luck of Men-
senger 99.

1172 Halppy-Go-Lucy Jack; or, The Boy Who
ooed the all Street Brokers.
1173 Learning a Trade; or. On the Road to For
une.

1174 Bu 'n on Margin; or, The Boy Who Won
t e oney.

1175 Joe Darcy's Treasure Hunt; or, The Secret
of the Island Cave.

1176 A "Live" Boy; or, Quick to Get the Dollars.

1177 “A Barrel of Coin: or, The 3 ck of a Boy
Trader."

1178 “Driven to the Wall; or, The Nerve of :\
Wall Street Boy."

1179 “Johnny the Parcel Boy; or, The Lad Who
Saved the Firm.”

1180 Going to the Limit; or, A Big Risk For Big

oney. -
V 1181 U; To ‘Him; or, Running His Father‘:

uainess.

 
   

1167 Dick, The Wall Street Wait‘; or, F1-on ~

    