NEW YORK,

   
 
 

STORIES
OF BUYS

 

C: H _ , _  ° ‘ \\ 8 1 \

 A . ‘ cc, " O c o <26 :2»
_. E °o ‘Q0 5 ~¢ as zoo
“Ba.ck1" cried Will. in ringing tones. as he dropped the cash-box and raised the fainting girl
from the ﬂoor “Back, all of you! There is no fire." The frightened girls.

however. continued to press toward the closed elevator

   Issued Weekl 5-Subscription price, $4.50 per year.

 

    

"‘ , - ’ .\ ' —_. ...“ ’ I 3‘-

Entered as ecmid-Class Matter. October 4,

1911. at the Post—0ﬁ”ice at .\'cw York, N.Y.. under the Act of March 3, 1879.

v ‘No. 1091

NEW YORK, AUGUST 27, 1926-

Price 8 Cents.

\

OR, WINNING A NAME FOR HIMSELF

 

I .
' CHAPTER I.—-Which Introduces the Hero,
_. Heroine and Others. ‘

old man, is it true that you’ve been pro-
said Joe Rylance to his chum,
Win Leggatt, ‘a sturdy, good-looking boy of about
his own age, as the two boys met at the go.  0 ,
the Roanoke Knitting Mill a few minutes a ter
ﬁfe 'six~o’clock whistle sounded announcing that
work was over for the day.

 .,“f.s-ayr , ,,
mated to the oﬁice?

‘\,,_“1g-,’s true, all right,” replied Will with a glow-

iifg’ face. “Beginning with Monday, I am to take
ﬁarry Harper-’s place as time-keeper and general
dﬁce, assistant.”

Y\ou’re lucky. I don’t see how you got

 'o1,_ You haven't any pull with the super or _ '

thecompany that I know 01:.’ ~

.. “Not the ghost of a pull. ’ _ _
"You’re the most popular—pe_rSon In the mill,

Seth with the men and the girls.

knows that, of course, so ma_ybe”that_ had some-
in to do With your promotion . ,,

:,.€.‘ ossibly; but I wouldn't like to swear to It,

I‘.‘Tell me how it came about.” _
' "-. ‘was called into Mr. Brown's oﬂice this
rloon-.~ That/s unusual, you know. . He never has
" ything ‘to do with the hands unless some seri-
3: charge has been preferred against them. As
hadn't done anything to incur the censure of the
ﬁreman in. my department I couldn’t Imagine
whatfwas in the wind. When‘ I entered the
’ ' 'r’s office he told me in a brusque tone to take
~ eat alongside his _desk. . Then _he _put me
to h a kind of clVll service examination, and
iinugxup by offering me the Job in the office. I
alszlso astonished that Lnearly had a fit.”
“I‘should have had two ﬁts if he’d offered me
' job," laughed Joe. Go on.” _ _
“I accepted the place and thanked him for _it.
iiejex lained in a general waywhat my duties
iwbuld‘ and told me that I was to take instruc—
iioiid from the head bookkeeper ” ‘
“You mean Mr. Bacon, Jessie Bacon’s father-?’_’
“Yes.” ' I '

_ . guess that suits you to a T,” smiled Joe.
'-‘Yes, I like Mr. Bacon.”
. But you like Jessie better,” chuckled Joe.
“Cut it 0111!. Joe. Well, Pm to report on» Mon-
.. .%oimngtg£bteentil*fini1};.es before the hands ar-
W I on em. » I 
, cap. ‘,3,  . _

. ., },,:.,

  

afte1'— ’
' place,”
If

  

 A SELF—MADE MAN I . t ‘ »

“The girls will be tickled to death to have you’
as timekeeper, because if they happen to arrive
at ” ‘
~ “They’ll be reported and (locked as usual.”

“You don’t mean that.”

“Yes, I do. I mean to do my duty. That’s
What I'm hired for.

as I’m in its employ.” ' V
“Suppose I’m late, you'd overlook it, wouldn't
you?”
“No.
the others. I shall play no favorites.” .
“I know ope _vou’ll favor, anyway,” nodded Joe.
“Who is that?” ’
"Jessie Bacon.”
Will shook his head.
“Where would I land if I favored her? She's

I never late, anyway.” »

“The girls won't do a thing to you if you shut
any of them out after seven.” '
r"‘Can’t help it.
represent the ‘company, and there is no‘ senti-
ment about apcorporation.” -

“I know somebody who will be as mad as thun-
der when_éileJ hearsthyoii iiavlel secured I-Iarper’s
Sa1’OeWl acuc e.

9!)
$.22. »

(¢Why?!¥ . . V

"Because_he’s been pulling wires to. get "the
posish tfoii himself ever since he heard Harper-was
going 0 eave. ' '

“That’s the first I've heard about it. I thought.
he was too tony to work.”

“Not if he can get a job to suit him. An oﬂice
position is what he’s looking for. He would like
to get in the bank, but there is no opening, The
factory office is the next best place to work up in
the village. He told some of the boys that his
father had spoken to the president of the mill
and that he was sure of
place.” -

“I’m afraid he'll be disappointed.” . ,~ I"

“Looks like it now. I don't see how you cam

to getlit if the justice putrin an application for ‘

his son. One would t Ink you wouldn’t have a’
show against Percy,.for his father is a henchman
of the olitical Jeader of the district.” ‘ ‘ -,

“It oes look odd_ that I should catch on, cape.»

    
  

~ FAME A ND FORTUNE WEEKLY
Canada, $4.50; Fore! n, $6.00. Westbury Publishing Co., Inc..
Puli lshers. 168 West 23d Street, New York, N.Y.

I always have done the right -
. thing: by the .company, and I always will as long‘

You’d have to take your medicine like.

During business hours I will '

getting on in Harperls ’

 

 

I

 ,p‘ l

  
   

. ’\.’

cially if Percy Grant was after it. With me it’s a
case of the job seeking me, not me the job.”

, “You’ve got it on your merits. I'll bet some-
body has been speaking to the super in your
favor.”.

“‘I don't know anybody who would take the
trouble to do me that favor.”

“Maybe Mr. Bacon did. You stand well with
him,_ and he’s head of the counting—room since
Davenport left three months ago. He’s in a posi-
tion to reach Mr. Brown's ear. I'll bet nine dol-
lars that’s how you got the job.”

“You may be right,” replied Will thoughtfully.
“Mr. Bacon always treats me nicely when I call
at his house. I guess I'll be able to ﬁnd out
through Jessie.”

At that moment the girls began coming out by

» twos and threes, chatting and laughing together.
Every one of them had a smile and friendly bow
for Will Leggatt. They all envied Jessie Bacon
because Will was her steady company. There
were thirty girls of all ages from twelve to
twenty-five in the establishment, and the major-
ity _of them looked on Jessie almost as a sister.

She lived with her father and a maiden aunt,
her mother being dead, in a little cottage on the
cliffs just beyond the environs of Roanoke village,
which was situated in a hollow within sound of
the sea, and on the banks of a river that fur-
nished the power to run the machinery of the
knitting mill and other industries that made the

‘village, though it was half a mile from the rail-
road station,. a thriving place.

She had many admirers, as a matter of. course.
Percy Grant, the well-dressed son, of Stephen
Grant, justice of the peace, lawyer and local poli-

'. tician, honored her with a whole _lot of affection,‘
’ which, however, she did not seem to appreciate at
the valuation that Percy put upon it, for, to his
great disgust, she showed a decided preference
for the society of Will Leggatt, who, in young
Grant's estimation, was “only a factory boy.”
, 'Percy'often came to the mill for the purpose of
walking part of the way home with Jessie, but
itwas very seldom that he had the girl to him-
self. As the girls began trooping out of the gate,

— happy that work was over for the day, Joe Ry-
lance nudged Will and said: ‘

' “Here. comes Percy Grant now, looking as if
butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, which is a sure

~ sign that he hasn't heard that he’s dished out of
the factory office job." -

V Will looked and saw his rival sauntering up
with aself-satisﬁed smirk on his countenance,

. ‘swinging a light cane with a sang-froid air. Just

then Jessie Bacon came out with a bunch of girls.‘

They clustered in front of Will and Joe .and be-
an‘ to chatter to the boys like a lot of magpies.
—oe grabbed his own particular divinity, Gussie
Sweet, by the arm and walked off with her.
“Aren’t you just too ‘rude for anything, Joe
Rylancel” she exclaimed. >“I had something par-
_ ticular to say to Will.” ,
i “It will keep till tomorrow, then you can warble

, ’ it in his ear. Just now I have something particu-
1 ‘» lar to say to you myself.”

, ’Gussie had to submit, and off they went to-
 ether. The other girls soon left Jessie and Will
 ogether. ._  _— ’ _
v» ,“Good-afternoon, Miss Jessie,’ said Percy com-
b gig’ upﬁarild-igno.i%1ng _I..egga.tt’s,\presei;::e-.. :l}Iay ;I
ave onor o seeing you to your onie. , _.V J

got the position he was after. “I thought ‘h’

  

2 I -I ONLY A FACTORY BOY

“If you wish to walk with my father and me’
have no objection,” ‘she answered with very’littlié'
encouragement in her tone. 4 . v ; ._

“It will’ give me great pleasure to accompany,
you part of the way,” he replied, ‘devoutly wishin ’
that her father had been obliged to work overtini
as he often had to do. “I hope soon to receive you
congratulations, Miss Jessie,” he added with
self-complacent air. I V ' ' 

“About what?” she asked in surprise. .

“I am going to take Harry Har'per’s'i place
the oﬂice here.” , .\

— “I guess you don’t mean that,” she said.  _

“Yes, I do. I shall betime-keeper, you kno
then, and if you should come late ‘to. workiiia
morning I shall let you in and not say anythl
about it. Aren’t you glad?" ‘ ‘ " ’

“You must ‘be"joking, Mr. Grant. 'Harry E
per’s place is already filled.” ‘ . 5 “
“Already ﬁlled!” gasped Percy. “Imp'oss1b_

My father, spoke to the president of the comp
for me, and he promised to consider my'ap‘plic,a,
ion. - ~ { 1 ‘ ' 

“Mr. Brown, the superinten ent, gave ‘the place-“
to Will Laggatt this afternoon. ’ , ' - ~, -
tPercy looked as though he was going to hav

 

“,You must be mistaken, Miss Jessie.’ Af~e_ '
mon factory boy wouldn’t get the'po'siti,onah' .
of me,” he said, puffing out his chest, conseque
tially. ' -’ ' 

“I don’t consider Will Laggatt a commonifa
tory boy,” ﬂashed Jessie indignantly. ‘fl think-
is a most uncommon one. You ought togbe in
of a gentleman than to make such a slurz:ing- r
mark in his presence.” ‘ ' 
“Pardon ‘me, Miss Jessie, I did notobserve
the person to whom you refer was preseIit,’*,.S,a
Percy with a sneer, for he was furious at the". .
fense the girl put up on behalf of his hate‘cl'ri\r”
as well as at the bare suggestion that ,Will ‘h

sense enough to walk off when he saw.a-gen
man talking to you.” ” 

This second shot made Will hot under the be , *
“If you. had any sense, Percy Grant,’ you we "
not butt in where you're not wanted,”-lie‘s—a:i
a pointed tone. , “   g —. 
“Don’t address me,‘ you common, lo
snorted Percy, glaring at Leggatt. ~  
“The term applies more to yourself than
for I never heard that you have done any‘ 1-
in your life,” retorted Will angrily. , V‘
“How dare you call me a loafer? I’ve a}
mind to chastise you for it,” said Percy,‘crai.'s
his light cane in a» threatening way?  "
The idea of dudish Percy Grant attempti
chastise Will Leggatt ‘seemed so exceedznzght.
amusing to Jessie that she’ burst into .a:Jine'i‘."“
peal of laughter.‘ Percy grew desperate at '
He felt that unless he sustained his prestige
was lost. So on the spur of the moment;
without calculating the consequences, he-’
Will across the face with his cane, raising
mark on the ﬂesh.  ‘
The factory boy couldn't stand for tha
Biff! His right ﬁst shot out and .Per‘c" a
a blow on the jaw that sent him s in ' 
wardvto the ground; where he‘ lande wit '
that dazed him and senthis caneaingone

,-

 

  

and his hat'.i1ixan0ther‘.:. » .: ‘

   
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
  
  

CEIAPTER II.—Describes How Will Whips His
»,Ei1emy,'Meets A Stranger, And Is Arrested
' For Assault.

=-“Oh, Will!” cried Jessie in a sympathetic tone.
“Did-he hurt you much?” -

“He hurt me as. much as he could, confound
min!” replied Leggatt, stepping forward and
standing over Percy. “Get up and defend your-
' self; you coward! I’m not half through with you.
You’ve left your mark on me, so I mean to re-
ttiin the favor.”
, ‘ V Percy sat up in the dust and began to feel of his
aw in a tender way. -
:.‘~‘I9on’t hit him again, Will,” interposed Jessie.
‘He isn’t worth it. I shall never speak to or no-
eihim in any way again."

‘nhdictive passion.
snatched up a stone and threw it full at W.il1’s
head. . Fortunately, blinded by rage as he was, his
', was poor. As it was the stone whizzed by
V I .tt’s head wi-th a speed that made the boy
gasp. Had the missile landed on Wil1’s forehead,
isﬂit might have done. he would have been
knocked senseless instantly. Jessie herself tumed
hitesat Will’s narrow escape. Leggatt had in-
,.1’fded'to comply with the girl’s request and let
my oﬁ without any further punishment, but
isdastardly act was more than he could stand.
He «rushed at Percy who took to his heels“ at
£ynce,,like the coward e was. Away. they both
 downthe main street of the village as if

it

ill, in speed or anything else.’ The ‘gap between
them closed rapidly, and two hundred yards from

Percy went down with an eye that would be dec-
ihjated on the morrow, and a nose that began to
lat once like a damaged oyster.
 ‘He lay in a help blubbering like a little kid, for
the; ' never been _so roughly handled in his life
‘ , ‘re. Will reached down, grabbed him by the
‘ of his jacket razil yanked him on his feet.
 struck out blinr, ly and landed one blow on
_ ls/in‘ured cheek. ,' Lcggatt let go of him and
fed him good and hard in the jaw with both
 -,With a scream of pain and terror Percy
1311-, over himself. «
#1 "Help"! Help! I’m being murdered!” he shouted
dlifthe top of his lungs. '
Will,-gave—him a contemptuous look and walked
own the street to the post-oﬂ“ice, feeling only
» .-. ‘satisfied with the satisfaction he had taken
¢;;ifl:_;40f the dude. Percy got up and ‘leaned blub-
 against a big oak tree for a few moments,
;id»,t ien started for home, determined to have
‘_ att arrested and punished for assault.
,“Hello! What's happened to you?” asked Silas
‘ der when Will entered the store. “Been fight-

he postmaster happened to be alone at the mo-

,,;{:Eushioned horn spectacles... He was a small,
_ specimen of humanity, about sixty years

 say» that I’ve ‘been. ﬁghtin ‘; Uncle ‘Si-
éy,2Gl’a2_f£‘l', ‘struck mera“ cowardly blow‘-in the

   

'I'he,,girl’s words aroused Percy to a pitch of’
He scrambled to his feet,.

enga ed in a foot-race. Percy was no match for I

the factory Will nailed him. Biﬁ l Swat! Whack! v

‘ here.

it and he peered at his nephew through.-his

ill. replied to Mr.’ ﬁcudder sir iquectioml
from his eyes.‘ “Might I ask your name?”

face‘ with his cane and I made him look andlfeel , 
sicker than 'he’s ever been in his life before." A 

The postmaster shook hishead in a deprecating
way. i ‘ ‘ I ~ 
_ “_You may get into trouble over it. His father
is Justice_of the peace and a man of some im-
portance in this village.” . V

“I’m not afraid of his father. I’ve got a wit-
ness to prove that Percy assaulted me with his
cane and afterward threw a stone at me which,
had it hit megwould have landed me in the grave-
yard m9St’l1kedY. ‘He's a vindictive little beast,
and I didnt give_ him more than_ half that he de-
served, said Will in a determined tone. “But
I've got to make tracks for the night mail. I sup- ‘
pose you_’ve got the bag re_a.dy?’f ' l ’

As Will trundled his’ bicycle out from the back
part of the store, Mr. Scudder tossed the mail-bag
over the counter and started to wait on a cus-
tomer‘ ,that\had just entered. ‘ i

Will_ grabbed the bag and dragged it outside.
Throwing it across the front of the saddle he
mounted the wheel and rode oﬁ, spurting down
the street at a lively rate, for he knew he barely
had time to catch the train if it was on time,
which it generally was. The train was just com-
ing insight as he dismounted on the platform of
the station. The Roanoke House ’bus and several , , 
wagons were also on hand. Will carried the bag.
to the end of the platform, _where the mail-car
stopped, and waited. The train rolled in, and the
postal clerk tossed out _a bag and took in the one‘

Will handed him. . _0nly one passenger got off the
train on this occaszc-n. ‘He was a tall, well-built
man Of Derhglps‘ forty, with a dark, saturnine face
that did not invite conﬁdence. As the train pulled
out he stood looking after‘ it. He turned around» 
ds Willlpassed him,.dragging the bag, and looked‘ ’
{it the 1103’. The factory boy didn’t like the search-
111% stare that the, stranger favored him, with.
‘;€‘I]°1d 011: ‘D037: the ﬁiark-featured irian said.
“ hat do. you want‘! asked Will.’
Do you live in Roanoke?”
“I do.”
.“What sort of a place is it?” s _
“A good-sized village. I_t’s half a mile from
That ’_bus will take you to the Roanoke
House, on Main Street.” -
. ‘,‘Yo,-1’i’re_ connected with the post-office, I be-'
lieve? _said the stranger with a quick glance at
the‘Im:Iil-Eiagv. " — , V
“Is your father the postmaster?” ‘ , ‘ 
“No. My uncle keeps the post-office and. runs a l ‘

3' .

 

 

‘ general store.”

"Your uncle, eh?” ‘dlth 1;’ _ «D —

look after the mails, :3/11-i doese‘l'iSe‘l"8"nl%.eeIaddedOca?1$laJi

lessly. , w ' - , *

“Mr. Scudder attends to the mail and the store,

too. I work at the mill.” »'

’ ::Did_ y'ou say your,uncle’s name was Scudder?’,’
. I did." - . V p x -
 Scudder?’-p’ asked the man eagerly.

. (.l‘A sirnall ma b t ' ‘th -_w .
? ‘"I_‘hat’s right]-I fDguy0:1%}lf:l13:)V(;rhIIl‘f;;e’aa1:’:l:aEf .wm, f

li’~?.1§l§i.?é‘3l§°$3iil.§§‘ﬁ§§ilT‘gil’ ”"’°' ‘° “Y "*°, 

_ ‘,‘I think I have met him,” replied the newco er

in an off-hand way, an. exultant ﬂash ‘shfoo mg ;.

‘Vi.

» z

  
 
 

I
wi ,

 

.1:

  

. his face. _ _
I don’t care to be tipped as if I were a servant.
V 'Howg-ver, it’ll have to go this "time, for I can’t

‘ - again.

3 ; self,” replied the, boy.

 
   
  

_ - {As Will pushedhis

A24 7 L ONLYAFAC'l‘0RY'B.0Y * A ’ V ‘ ; 

, “Will Leggatt.” ,
 The stranger ‘i1f}t1e{1‘e(%.'1% low vzrtléisitle and favored
th boy wit a oo o een a n ion. \
?‘By the wayl, I suppose you know ’most every-
body in the vi age. ‘
“Pretty nearly everybody.”
“Know a man named Edward Bacon, who has
(1 ht all d Jessie?”
a “?u§io,’§r1‘cepli£v3ed Will, regarding the stranger

‘with fresh interest. *

“What's his business?”

“He’s head bookkeeper at the Roanoke Knitting '

Mill‘),  . - ' n
“Whereabouts in the village doeshe live?
“He doesn’t live in the village. He has a cot-
tageon the cliffs about a mile from the mill.”
“I suppose his daughter keeps house for him?”
“No. She works at the mill. Mr. Bacon’s sister

' is housekeeper.”

“D_oes Mr. Bacon own the_ cottage?’,’,‘

“No; he rents it from Squire _Grant.

“You say you work at the mill? ’

“Yes." .

“Then I suppose what ever mail is directed to
the mill you carry there?” _ _ ‘
,. “The night mail I carry with me,in the morn-

ing. The superintendent sends a messenger for

the morning’s mail,” replied Will, wondering What

7interest the stranger could have in the matter.

“Then I presume a letteraddressed to Mr. Ba-
con would be delivered to him at the mill?" ‘

“Of course.” .

“That’s -2111. Here's a dollar for you."

The stranger shoved a billinto Will's hand and

I . sprang into the 'bus, the driver of which had been

atiently waiting for him. ’
p «I wonder who he is,” muttered the factory boy,

,mounting his wheel as the ‘bus drove off and tak-

ing the bag on before him. ‘ “Seems to know Mr.
.Scudder, all right, and appears to be interested in
Mr. Bacon. He may be all‘ right, but I don’t like
I wish he hadn’/_c given me the dollar.

verv well return it to him. I dare say I’ll_see him
‘ It's my opinion he’s come down here to
see Mr. Bacon. I wonder what about?" > ,.
When Will reached the store he threw the mail-
bag on the counter, put his wheel away, and made
a break for the room back of the store which

" - served as a sitting-room and dining—rom coni-
‘ ; bined. Hewas as hungry as a hunter. and wanted

11‘ as soon as he could get it. Mrs._Watts
vy}}S1os‘l‘(Ia:I}§,rhouse for Mr. Scudder, was eating her
supper,Vand- she was keeping Will’s portion warm
in the oven of the kitchen stove. ' _ , ' -’
- .“Sit down, Will,” she said, “and 'I will bring

on upper in-” . . .
Ly “Ir):n’t move, Mrs.’ Watts. I'll bring it In my-

It didn’t take him much more than a minute

-  to transfer the dishes to the table, and then he set
i - to‘ with a keen appetite.

“How did you get that red mark across your

 face?” asked Mrs. Watts, observing the welt that
.; : ‘Percy Grant’s cane had raised. .
V I " Will explained the trouble, and told how he had‘

served the justice’s,son out forit.

promptly. “I hope it may be 'a lesson to \him.”‘

   

‘ IRONS.

’ way he won’t like.” ‘

. adjoined the lock—u-p, Will told his story‘-of "

wsyou did just right,” saicl_the housekeeper

chair back with 9- Sigh~.0,f~

satisfaction, "having eaten about, everything, in "to turn __in"at his D189,-.Sl1l‘& ’

  

     
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
    
     
    
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
      
  
    
   
  
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
 

sight, Mr. Scudder opened the door leading fro’ ~
the store and called him. Will obeyed,.the»“S\_1,mu, ,

“Mr. Jones, the head constable, is here 'looking>
for you. ‘I’m afraid you've got yourself in trouble’ ‘
for striking young Grant.” “ -3- -,
‘‘Don’t you worry about me, Uncle Silas.j‘I”m
ready to face the music for anything ‘I do'.. If ,1,
arrested for slugging Percy I'll show him up i

He went forward to meet the oﬂicer. F
“Good-evening, Mr. Jones. I understand that.
you want to see me,” he said. , -— -
“I do, Will; but my errand is not a.plea_sa‘n
one. I've got a warrant for your arrest, signe
by the squire, charging you with a vicious as
sault on his son, Percy. I hope you will be ahl
to justify yourself when I produce you at; th
squire’s voﬂice in the morning._ In the meanstirfi
it is my duty to put you in the lock-up over nigh
You can avoid this by having your uncle go-ba
for your appearance.” ‘ ~

Mr. Scudder, who stood near by, hastenedﬁia
say that he owned no property, nor had 
enough to qualify himself as security for
nephew. . , ‘ -. 5 .

The constable received his statement in su-1'
prise. I » . 

“The bail ought to be small," he said. “Sure;
Mr. Scudder, you wouldn’t let your nephew reniﬁ 11
in the lock—up all night if you could prevent .i"c"’i”*

“But I can’t prevent it,” insisted the ‘poslin-ia
ter. “If my nephew gets himself into troubl ’
must suffer the consequences." .  ‘i

“I suppose ‘I'll have to go to the lock-up,"':
Will in a tone of resignation, “since my unclegsays
he ‘is unable to do anything for me." . ' ; V

him. When they got outside he said: * ’-i ‘ '
“You shall occupy a spare bed at my lion
night, Will. I think it would be unfair to;
you up ona charge that will probably’ amount
nothing in the end. It was an outrage for '
squire to insist that I serve the_warrant tonig
when I could easily have found you in the-mo A
ing at the mill. > As I am responsible for--youth
pearance in the morning, all you need do is to
me your word that you will not attempt, to}
me. the slip, and I will take you to my.'hou
my guest tonight.” * ' _,  
"Certainly I'll give you‘ my word, Mr. 7
This charge is ridiculous. I shall call a;-~wifhe'§a
at my examination in the morning who will.:§;ak
Percy Grant and his accusation look like Tthi
cents,” replied the boy. ‘ .  I ,
.“I’m gladto. hear it. You are considered
of the best boys in the village, and the new
your-C ‘arrest will cause much ‘surprise a’ .
men . ' ' -

On their. way to the constal3le's house, 35: ie

 

trouble he had had with Percy Grant that'_e’1‘ie:s
ning; and the officer agreed that J essie’s testimo,
at his examination would knoclgthe dharg G‘
acocked hat. . V. ‘ _ H, 

,'Wil1 spentra pleasant evening with M
and his family, and ,'when’ the'hour'_'tfo’r
came he was showmto a sp2_u,'e‘—chamber "cl

  

  

HAPTER III.——In Which Silas Scudder Has A
, , 1 ' Visitor.
The departure of his nephew in the custody of
he head constable of the village did not seem to
worry Silas Scudder a whole lot. _
One might have supposed that he had very little
nterest in the boy. As a matter of fact, he_1ikcd
Will as much as_his nature would permit him to
ike any human being, but he liked his money bet-

Vter. ’ After watching the constable and the boy

disappear in the darkness he turned to a case of
canned goods hewas opening when the constable
Vrrived, and bending over it began taking the tins
. While he was thus engaged the door opened
‘ndethe dark-featured stranger who had ques-
honed Will Leggatt at the station walked in. The
postmaster, who was a bit deaf, did not hea_r.the
ddor" open and close again, and therefore continued
hisoccupation. The man looked around-and spied

;';1;1'~anger’s mouth, the postmaster gave a gasp of

surprise and consternation. _ I _
' .. f‘Curtis'Jewell!” he ejaculated in a faltering.

one.
,*‘Yes, I’m Curtis Jewell. Aren’t you tickled to
death to see me? You look it, upon my word you
do ,1». chuckled the newcomer. “I suppose the Old
Boy himself wouldn’t have surprised you more—-
notso much perhaps, for when old friends meet,
olu-{know ”
Mr. Scudder made a deprecating gesture an
kedlhelplessly at his visitor, whose unexpected
ﬁpearance seemed to be_a great shock to him.
f.‘_W1rlat’s the matter, Silas? Why don t you-say
méthing? I suppose if you’d known I was com-
 3‘you’d hav' , had the fatted calf killed and wait-
g.for_me, ‘

eh, you old rascal?”
, ‘ k huckled again and punched the
'ol§thnIa:t?e?ra;lIay%ul1y in the ribs. Mr. Scudder
”’i~a§,'n’g backas if he didn’t appreciate that kind
tsfilllvrliat brought you to Roanoke, and where have
uheen allthese years?” he asked as soon as he
 his voice. .
“Business brought me here—business of the
eéitest importance,” replied Jewell.~ “In reply
"your other question I will say that I have
’en,en-("wing myself as a gentleman should since
 tlie‘ pleasure of seeing your phyS10gT10mYa
q‘;;.};i_¢h, as neasr las Incan recall Just now, was ten
’ m. .
 piolsperous,” said Mr. Scudder, not-
Elewell-’»s swell appearance. _ . ‘
!.,“I_'a,m, after a fashion,” replied.his_visito1;.’
‘SI-Iow did you learn I was in this village?
3: ‘iiite by accident, old pal. I met your nephew,
ill Leggatt, at the station, _and he told _me
ﬂint you had the honor of holding down the im-
5 am and lucrative government position of post-

V m.n§ter_of\ this place}? ‘

: it icy 2» ‘th f ' it ed“7lo'jk.

i-ldlldqfmllelgngroxh :3 101:1: ‘ﬁll; lad? I should
have}-ecognized him if K
 mideen.=.a1.1=1<.e-?’»i r

    

 

‘oNi;Y A FACTORY; BOY

  

he hadn't mentioned ' _ _ . _ _ ,
* i ,5 .. 2  V gtitute. Still, any port in a storm, Silas, soyygu‘

“You were speaking to hini, -then?” ‘said. the," V

postmaster nervously. . -

“Sure, I" was; but don’t be afraid-—I didn’t say.
anything about you.” i V

“I should hope not,” replied Mr. Scudder, look-
ing somewhat relieved. '

“No, as, long as you and I pull together I'm as
mute as a mop-stick on the subject of Master Leg-
gatt;’but if you should try to cross me-—-”

“Why should I do that?” asked the postmaster
hastily. “I haven’t any hold on you.”

“Quite right, Silas, you never said a truer word.
The boot is on the other leg. It is I who have a
hold on you,” said Jewell with a chuckle. _ '

“Hush, hush! Somebody might hear you,” re-
plied Mr. ,Scudder in a panic. ..

“Ha! Ha! Ha! You’re as nervous as an old
woman, Silas. Brace up, and hand me out the
best cigar you have in the house. Don’t be afraid,
I’m going to pay you for it.” ’

~Mr. €Scudder went behind the counter, opened
a glass case and handed his visitor one cigar. _

“What’s to pay, Silas?” asked Jewell, putting
his hand in his pocket.

“Nothing,” mumbled the storekeeper. .

“Nothing, eh? You're getting liberal in your
old age. Well‘, seeing it's you, I’ll let you stand
treat. Hand me a match, Silas.”

Jewell bit off the end of the cigar,‘ lighted it
and puifed away in silence for a moment or two as
he leaned lightly on the edge of the glass case, in
a negligent attitude, and gazed reﬂectively at a
stuffed bird hanging in the window. Mr. Scud-

der stood with both hands on the counter watching _

the -man whose presence affected him with a nerv-
ous dread, and waiting fo-r him to‘ speak ﬁrst.

“You. must be pretty well ﬁxed by this time,
Silaés,” said Jewell, turning abruptly upon the
pos mas er. _ g I

‘fWhat do you mean?” quavered Mr. Scudder.

“You know what I mean,‘ you old rascal. I'll
bet you've a fat bank account.” , x

“No, _no; I 'haven’t anything," gasped the store-
keﬁgirﬁleriiigillixgithf l?l'11‘(:.e  old complaint, eh?"
said Jewell with a sarcastic laugh. “I never knew
you to admit that you had anything, even when
that boy’s father was sending you regular month-

y ‘remittances. _

“Hush!” ejaculated Mr. ‘Scudder, looking fear‘-,
fully around the store. as if there was a listener.
hidden behind every bale, bag or barrel in the
place. “Wpuld you ruin me?”

“Ruin you, Silas!

I could have done thatlong '

ago had‘I a mind to. I could have bled you, too. 7  1
Made you come down handsomely. “But I‘ didn’t. ‘ I

I was nursing something better—-something much
better than you, Silas.”

“Eh?” said Mr. Scudder, putting his hand back
of his ear. ‘ .

“Deaf, are_you? Always thought you put
on when money happened to-be mentioned. I said
I had something better to engage my ‘attention’
than blackmailing you.” , ' i’-

“0h!” exclaimed the postmaster with a,sud'den"‘_ ’

show of interest. “What did you have?”
“My uncle.” '

“‘gYour uncle! I didn't know that----I ” ~  ‘I ,'
‘—‘I had one, eh? Yes. fortunately 1 had,»or3I:

..should have been compelledto fall back on yoi;,=

and I'm afraid you?! have ‘been but a poor sub-

 

. - ,1 ‘v
5 "R
5 »

that » 

   
 

  i 7" 1;

anything against the old curmudgeon.
imy grip“ ‘and reached him by the first train. That.

 

 

  

I . can thank your stars that I had an uncle. Small

d he would have done me, however, if his
ggiighter —his only and favorite child--hadn’t

, been self-willed enough to run away with and
‘marry a chap that, in her father’s estimation.

didn’t~amount to shucks. ,He never got over the
-shock. He shut her. out of his heart and home,
and shut himself up in his magniﬁcent house with
hishooks and his grouch for sole companions.

Are you following me, Silas?”

‘ The postmaster, with his hand behind his ear,
in an attitude of strict attention, nodded, while
his little bright eyes twinkled. «

ONLY A IFACTORY Boy

0 “After a time he got very lonesome, and having.

destroyed his ‘will, it is probable he began to con-
sider how he should dispose of his property, as
he was wealthy, for he realized like other rich

‘men have, that he couldn't take his passessions
' to.,the next world. with him, which is a very for-

tunate thing for heirs in general. Maybe you’ve
been considering that. important point yourself
and have done the right thing by the boy——that is,
drawn up a will in his favor leaving him every-

‘gthing of which you may die possessed.”

.“Don’t talk of dying,” said Mr. Scudder with a
shudder. “I don’t expect to die for a. long time
yet——a very long time.” . .

‘.“No, I suppose not,” replied Jewell‘.ir"onically.

“You expect to dry up an'd blow away some time
in the dim arédbnricisty iéutigrc. fTh€t1}1l yogilil nBiaketa
nice seasone i 0 im er or e oy 0
feed his..f}1rnaces with.” , ‘ ‘
t 1‘;{Utg1l'i!t Youpgive me the shivers. ~
a a way.

1‘:‘Becza(.1uE}e I like to mtailke yﬁu feiel ha}11ppy§7'VSi1l1as,”
re _urne e visi or wi a s or aug ’. ‘ e as
I, was saying, my respected uncle, who had never
honored me with a thought while his angel daugh-
tor was enthroned in his heart, suddenly recol-

Why do you

‘ lected your humble servant and sent for me to

visit him.‘ Did I accept the invitation? I should
remark tl1’ai2,'I did. Bless you, Silas, I didn’t hold
I packed

will account for my sudden disappearance from
Salem and you. I dare say you missed me dread-
fully, and shed a few crocodile tears. Probably
you took immediate advantage -of my absence to
pack up your worldly pOSSeSSl0'Ils and come down

- ’ to this village, which is somewhat out of the way,
- with the boy. As you haven’t heard from me in

all these years you have congratulated yourself on

’ your foxiness in eluding me, little thinking that I

have never given you a thought since I quitted
Salem.” v, _ -- _

' Jewell blew out a cloud of smoke and grinned
sardonically at the postmaster. At that moment
the “door opened and two men entered the store.

5 , They wanted, some smoking tobacco, and one of
them asked if there was any mail for him. Mr.

Scudder supplied their wants, and then, after;
lookingover a small bunch of lettersin the M

= box,'said there was no mail for the person who -
‘ 3 had made the inquiry. The two villagers looked

at Curtis Jewell and so. that he was a stranger.

‘They noticed his fashio able clothes and aristo-

cratic bearing, and they went out wondering who

, he was’, and what he was doing in Roanoke.

Til-ey.Va.lS»0 observed that he seemed to owiiithe
sign; I x  I » y . 

 

'.

   
 
  

, in this village."  f

4,-
\

CHAPTER IV.-—-Tells Of The Bargain. Thu
Curtis Jewell Made With The Postmaster. ii
As soon of Jewell and the postmaster ‘w
alone again the visitor continued‘ his story:’ v
“When I presented myself before my worthy
relative he looked‘ me over in a critical way, 
then asked me a lot of questions about my past
and present, as well as my aspirations for the‘ ,
ture. As my record wasn't the best in the world,
which is no news to you, Silas, I naturally had-t_
gild it with a thick coat of fiction. Fortunate
my-uncle? did not. seem to consider it necessary
verify my statements with the assistance. offb. ’
tective, but accepted megat my own valuatio
which you may well believe was as high as I could
make it. . ‘I »  
“It is unnecerrary to go into -further 
Silas. The old gentleman took a fancy 
turned over the best suite of rooms in, the 
for my exclusive use, and after a’ certain lapse
of time had his lawyer draw up a new will ‘mak
ing me his sole heir and cutting his daughter ‘
with a hundred dollars. ,. I 
“A month ago he took to his bed. He lingered:
on till the other day. when he died. I saw ,tQ',i
that he‘ was planted with-all the respect" and st)?
which he was entitled by his wealth, 
then-—-———” ' { ' . V, 1 ~
“Yes, yes;-” said Mr. Scudder, leaning forw’
in his eagerness, “you took possession of the‘-;%
gcntleman’s property. Maybe he had an inter” '
in the mill down here, and you came to Roano
to look after————-” ‘- .  ,, ‘ 7”,
“Nothing of the sort,’f replied Jewell shortly
“I simply made the unwelcome discovery; inf
parted to me by my uncle’s dried-up anatoin ‘ ‘oat
secretary, whom I never liked, that the old,
tleman had made a new will just before he ' 
leaving all his wealth to his daughter, or‘,gi1,i"., __
event of her death, her heirs, while to me hog
queathed only $1,000, because some busy _ y
whom I suspect was the secretary, had infofmet;
him that I had been living the life .of a highroll. ,
and» was therefore unworthy of furthercam
eration.” I  2 K .
“Then you've been turned out of your--4’-
“Say kicked out, Silas, for that is what
amounts to." p y 
“What are you goiiig to do now?”‘ ‘ ,
»“Try to get it back again.”

' ‘1‘1Ii,I’ow can you? V You can’t get over: th_e_,i-re

i

1

i . -. .
_ “I think I can——with your help,” replied J
in a pointed tone.  
“My help!” ejaculated Mr. Scudder in’ su:rp,_
“How can I help you?” V ‘ V» 
“Listen and. I ~ will show you. ,,My mm!
daughter, my cousin, married a man named
ward Bacon.” i ‘ . _ , . * j ~. «
“Edward Bacon!” said the postmaster. “'13
name is familiar to me."  
“I found out that Mrs. Bacon died about

age,” said Jewell, paying no attention to’
der’s interruption. "“1‘his daughter, who‘ is

about seventeen; is the heir, through hérlmo s.

by‘ virtue ‘of the wi1l,~.to all my uncle’s 1pm

The old gentleman's/secretary,‘ after soniajt “ ,, ~

succeeded in locating Mr. Bacon and.hls.dij.

   

   
 

    
   
  
  
  
    
    
  
    
     
    
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
  

a light breaking in on his mind.
Exactly, and has written a letter to ll/lr. (113860;
vising; him about the old geT§t1€m3nS_ 3.3‘ r
and the fact that his daughter IS the heir to a
splendid property. Now,’Silas, that letter Iélust
not {reach Edwaryd Bacons hands. I depen on
‘ " ' t ‘t.
3”'b“‘1Il:73-ti}rncezi,i'lrl iirevent him gettin’ it?”

“Don't all letters have to pass through your

add.1‘€.Ssed‘f”
M2"; Scudder nodded.
.“V(;ry well. What is simpler than for you to
fold back this letter I mentioned? It will bear a.
Boston postmark and my uncle’s monogram on the
' When you see this letter, instead of send-
'n’g. it to the mill, where your nephew told me that
fdward Bacon works, hand it to me.
‘ vpn ‘ '
ejtnodh; I say, Jewell, that won't do,” faltered Mr.
cudder. , . . .
‘§‘Wh_v won’t it do?” demandedhis visitor almost
ercely: , _ . .
- .“Because tampering with the mails is a very
:' ‘ H
  sneered Jewell. “Is it more serious
than 1-‘ribbing an orphan of the money,left him by
liis-“father? You have deliberately robbed Will
 . tt ” . .
..fI?,$h? hush!” cried the postmaster, seizing
well by the arm. “Someone ,rnlgh’0 heal’ YOU,
”Yrd11iVr r(1e‘ieNp1it3.al’c(ii)]n!” chuckled Jewell. “Now
ook here Scudder, you must help me, or by the
" " (‘Harry I’ll tell that boy everything and show
This is a serious matter for me, and I
won’t stand any fooling. If that letter reaches
Edward Bacon‘ my hopes will vanish up Salt
ﬁvﬁjv }_ stand by me and I'll stand by you. Mu-
.1;';;’31',.

,3.

    

‘ ,‘ . 13 ~ ot-‘)7:

 Jéggll é[:o11fea“zi:}ig:lEe(i)}dehess that rattled Mr.

°‘i‘;i‘i§f"yes; it is a bargain. And you promise

2 I - - N

1; to say a word to Will Leggatt? _ 0

'I_'promise. '1 care nothing about your vlllamv

1053 as my own plans succeed. _

(«You can depend on me, replied the store-

 ‘er. “But,” he said, with sudden wthought,

«ﬂip "93 1;he_1_etter should be registered. _
ﬁvgliat of it?” ' . '

«I have to Sign for all registered letters, and
 "apex goes back to the post-office sending the
‘mg out. I" am held responsible for the delivery
" ﬁjthe right person of those letters. I must either
rn those letters whence they Came: 91‘ the
. “ - ‘ them- propel‘ Y ,_
,%gO:vnﬁ):1?1ytli§y are addressed. There Is no

 f _m.,, p . ..

».-1"’ air "o:’tv:vo$:y, gilas. If the letter is registered
is  the card as Edward Bacon, and Y0“ ‘can

 it in the usual waY-" ‘ '

  

    
   
   
    

i L  1;TER V.—.How Will Leggatt Is Trium-P
.,  ' ppphantly Acquited. v
  W'1] ' tt t ,rdbyvCon-
Jqnamoqglg to]FoI1:i%%.h Stjfsarzghead of the
gent in which he ‘was employed. that he

oNi.Y.iA’.FACToi:-Y BOY is ; A.  . e  

Ah!’-? ejaculated the postmaster,-

hands ‘before they reach those to whom they are.

Under—'

hem it must be, or myruin will mean yours '

signed by the,

  
 

 

had been arrested for whipping Squire Grant’s'' \

son,‘ Percy, the evening before, and would have to

appear for examination that morning at the jus- ‘-

tice’s office. The boy also carried a subpoena from
the constable to Jessie Bacon, commanding her
presence at the squire’s oﬂice at ten o'clock sharp
to testify in the case of Grant vs. Leggatt. Will
breakfasted with Constable Jones and his family,
and then the constable took him around to see
Lawyer Blake, the squire’s business rival. Mr.
Blake heard Will’s story, and when ‘he learned
that it could be corroborated by Jessie Bacon, he
consented to defend the boy free gratis.
squire’s office was crowded with curious and inter-

ested villagers when the constable led Will in by. I

a side door, and placed a seat for him. Jessie
was already there, while Percy Grant sat near his
pompous-looking father. The squire immediately
read the charge and asked Will if he was guilty
or not guilty. ,

“Not guilty,” replied Will promptly in a clear
tone.

“Take the witness chair, Percy,” said his
father. “Hold the Bible in your
swear that you will tell thetruth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth?” '

Percy kissed the book and told the story of his
troubles in his own way, glossing over his own
shortcomings and laying all the blame on Will‘.
The squire asked his son some questions, which he
answered glibly, and the boy was about to leave
the chair -when Lawyer Blake got up and said‘

“One moment, young man. Your honor,?’ he
added, turning to the justice, “I appear in behalf
of the defendant.” _

- Squire Grant looked surprised, but nodded

- curtly. He and Law er Blake were not on the

best of terms, and i was largely because the
squire’s son was involved in the case that Mr.
Blake undertook to defend Will for nothing.

“Isn’t it a fact, young man,” he said sharply

to Percy, “that before a blow was struck between
you and the defendant you grossly insulted him
by calling him a common loafer‘.”’

“No-, it isn’t,” replied Percy sulkily.

“You deny that you applied such a name to the .

defendant? Remember, you are under oath.”
.“I don’t remember doing so,” answered the dude
with some reluctance.

“-You don’t remember. Well, isn’t it a fact that

before the defendant struck you with his fist you .‘

struck him across the face with your cane?”
Percy was silent.

“ nswer ma” demanded Lawyer Blake in a

tone that startled the boy into an admission’ of “ 

the fact. “That’s all.

your honor?” Is that the plaintiff’s case,

The squire nodded ., as his son‘ left the ‘witness.

chair.

Lawyer Blake‘./l _ . _
Jessie did so. somewhat embarrassed by the
battery of eyes focussed on her. She was sworn

and’ then told the story of the trouble in front of
the factory exactly as the reader knows it. Law-’
' yer _Blalce asked her ‘-one or two A
the ‘Justice, who acted-in behalf of his son, tried .

his best toshakeher testimony, but did not suc-‘

ceed. , Will, was then called to the stand and {(102 . ‘W

his own story down to the moment that he le
Percy howling for “Murder!” in the street.

   
 

 

 

The ..

hand. You’

“Miss Bacon, will you take the chair?”,said'

questions, -arid _ __.-I:

The '
squire questioned him sharply about his sreond

  

I .

 

attack on Percy and Will answered .him clearly
and without fear of the consequences.

“Your honor,” said Lawyer Blake, “that is our
case. I think we have fully shown to your hon-
or’s satisfaction that my client was really the ag-
grieved party, and that the plaintiff deserved the
punishment he received. I therefore move the
discharge of the defendant.”

As it was to his interest, politically, not to of-
‘fend the yillagers, the squire reluctantly dis-

‘ ‘missed the complaint and discharged Will from

the custody of the constable. As it was after
eleven Will decided that it was unnecessary for
him and Jessie to return to the mill until one
o'clock, so he invited the girl to go to the store
and have dinner with‘ him when it was ready.
,When they reached the post-oﬂice there were sev-
eral persons in the store, one or two making pur-
chases,‘ the others apparently killing time. Stand-
ing apart, with a bored air, Will recognized the
dark-featured stranger he had met at the station
the night before. He glanced at the boy, whom
. ‘T he knew at once, and then at Jessie, whose beauty
made quite an impression on him.
.“Did you notice that well-dressed stranger near
the door, Jessie?” asked Will.

“Yes. I wondered who he was,” she replied.

i ' “He came on last night's train.’ I- was talking
f,-\, to him at the station. Heseems to know my
~ uncle. The particular reason why I called your
. attention to him is because he asked me a number
~ of questions about your father.” . ‘

“About my father?”

Will nodded. ,

, “It struck me that he came to the village to see
your father.”
' “What made you think so?” _ \

“Because in the first place he asked me if‘ I
knew a man named Edward Bacon, who had a
daughter Jessie.” ‘ '

“He did?” exclaimed the girl in some astonish-
ment. “I can’t imagine who this person can be

I who seems to know, us.” * i '

At that moment Mrs. Watts, who had been Busy
in the kitchen, came into the sitting-room, where
Will and J essie were talking, to set the table. She
bowed to the girl and then said:

“Why, Will, where were you all night, and
where did you have your [breakfast this morn-
in . ’ .

$‘Didn’t Mr. Scudder tell you that I was arrest-

‘ » rd last evening for the trouble I had with Percy
‘rant?” '
“No,” she replied in surprise. “He never said
, anythingabout it. I asked ‘him at breakfast
, _where you were, but he made no reply.’ So you
‘ were” actually arrested?” . . . -
“I was, and, had to appear before the squire
this morning, that’s why Jessie and 1 are here.
Jessie testified on my behalfand helped to get me
off. I’ll tell you the particulars during‘ dinner!’
- In the meantime, after Will and Jessie passed
through the store, Curtis Jewell asked Mr. Scud-
 der, as soon as he was at liberty, who the young
. lady with his nephew was. I ‘ _

“T at is Jessie Bacon, Edward Bacon’s daugh-
ter,” answered the postmaster. “She -is your sec-
. ‘ ond cousin, and the heiress to your uncle’s prop-
 erty,” with a chuckle.
V _'_ . ?“The.deuce you say?’
I girl.” ~*’  » -
 The thought immediately occurred "to Jewell

 
  
 
   
  

‘She’s a mighty pretty

 

 

is  f i at V . ONLY A*iFACl'1i‘0RY:,BOY'

tary, in his simplicity, was making. J arley should

of the boys. particularly Joe Rylance; as‘? W t

 

     
    
  
    
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
 

that_if his present plans went wrong it  
possible, in spite of the difference in their 
for him to make up to the girl and ma1:i;'y='-liar:
The coveted letter, from his late uncle's secretary,
addressed to _Edward Bacon, had come in ithe
morning’-smail, and the postmaster had turned. it
over to him. He had read it, and wasat first
somewhat startled to learn that Caleb Jarley, the’
secretary, was coming to Roanoke with the will
to hand it over to Mr. Bacon as the  naturai
guardian of ‘ the young heiress."
thoughts he perceived the mistake that the secre-

have taken the will to the late Horace Good-win"s
lawyer and turned it over to him to have prbbated
in the proper court, which procedure would have
complet ly blocked Curtis Jewel1’s littlegarrie. ;
Now ewell saw his chance. He was on th
ground, and with the help of Silas Scuddei‘; it
was completely under his thumb, he ﬁgured that
he ought to beable to concoct some safe plan‘ b"
which he would be able to get the will away from
Old Caleb Jarley before he met Edward ,Baci1 ‘
Qnce it was. in his possession he would destroy
it_and_ than all he ‘had to do was to produce.—~the
Wlll his uncle had‘ made nine years before, have it
probated, and in due time take possession oi. Hor-
ace Goodwin’s wealth. Jewell lost_ no time in taieiz’
mg Mr. Szcudder into his conﬁdence, but the pan
master did not take kindly to his new scheme.','
“Well, you've got to help me out,” said Jeweli
in a threatening tone. “If my plane fail throng ’
any fault of yours you know what will happerrto
you. _You will have to cough up half that f, ‘
inheritance, or I will tell him all about  omz.
crooked business, and then you will lose it "”' ‘
“Oh, Lord!” grbaned Mr. Scudder. . .
wouldn’t do that, Jewell.” ‘ . "
“Wouldn’t I? I _

E

_ Half measures wil1,_'.'m‘)1
do with me. You stood in with me thelmomienﬁ
you handed me Bacon’s letter. By doing that T‘ a
committed a felony, and- if it was brought 
attention of the Post-‘office Department you’d,lra?6'e
a nice time tryin'g to square yourself." ‘  ‘J
::But you made me do it,” faltered Scuddeii
That fact wouldn’t excuse me. , .I have ’, ,
made myself amenable to the United States ‘lat?’
by opening a letter not addressed to me. ; S0?“ ,
see we’re both in the same boat, and must’s1iilE
or swim together.” ’ ' V’   V —
Mr. Scudder realized the predicament he
in, and had no further objection to make to 

thing advanced by the man who, had h,im/where

the hair was short.

CHAPTER V\I.—-In Which wiii Meetsa Second
. Stranger and Hears a Cry for Help;

Will and Jessie dined with Mrs. Watts,..’a
then they returned to the factory together. "T
news that Will Leggatt had been arrested forge
ing Percy Grant ‘a whipping the night befo'1“~e',‘a‘
that Jessie‘ had been summoned to the squiiﬁeﬁ
office as a witness in the case, soon circulated
oyer the mill,» and aroused the. most iiitezi ‘
tcrest. The girls said it was a shame, And;

   

    
 
 
  
     
    
  
  
 
    
  

slf Will. Leggatt was punished they’d take the first
chance to make it hot for P_ercy Grant. Next day
was Saturdzsé, and the mill closed down‘ at ﬁve
lck inste 0 six.

“ATE Mr. Bacon had to remain in the oﬂice_to
clean up some extra work, Will walked home with

essie, who told him that the stranger had not
yetvcalled on her father. He left her at the door

'f the vine—clad cottage on the cliffs and started
back for the village so as to have ample time to
'o for the night mail. He reached the station ten
minutes before. train time. Seated on a crate on
the platform he noticed a bearded man, in a lain
suit of clothes, with his soft hat pulled well ’ own
over -his forehead, smoking a bi-iar-root pipe. It

ck him that there was something familiar

,t the stranger, as though he had seen him
are, but he couldn't say what it was. Will
ragged his bag to the end of the platform and
squatted down on it. At length the whistle of the

rain, sounded down the road and the locomotive
came in sight. ‘ _
'1 The bearded man on the crate got up, put his

ipe in his pocket and assumed an alert attitude.
‘With a rush and a grinding of air-brakes, the
rain came up to the station and stopped._ Will
‘  the bag to the mail clerk and received a
:;_.8upli'cate. This he dragged to_ his wheel. A num-

ber of, persons got off the train, several of whom
:sl:arted for the ’bus. Last to alight was a little
wizened looking man of perlmps sixty. He had_ a
wall gri in his hand and he looked around him
in a puzz ed way. _ _ _
/_;'“Young man,” he said to Will,_ “Where is the
villa e of Roanoke?” I - _

': “lfbout half a mile down the road, sir,” replied
the boy.
if {‘Will I have to walk there?”

; “No. That ’bus will take you’ to the Roanoke
House, on Main Street.” _

'._"‘fThank you. You’re connected with the post-
Iaﬁce,-I believe?” |
jfz‘9Yes.”

 ..“»2l’hen perhaps you could tell me whereabouts
"in the village Mr. Edward Bacon lives?” ,

,,‘,‘He doesn't live in the village,‘but about a mile
outside on the cliffs,” replied Will, surprised that
second stranger should interrogate him‘ about
iessieﬁs father. ,

: ‘'‘,','l‘hank you. I dare say I shall  able to ﬁnd
the place,” said the old man, turning away and

 ping into the ’bus. 1

ﬁe was followed by the bearded man who had
on the crate. This person'had approached
e the spot where Will and the old man

, "lie on their brief conversation and listened to

hat they said without apPe_arm_8 t0 40,59-

, ‘I wonder what's in-the wind in relation to Mr.
con?” thought Will as he rode toward the vil-
 on his wheel. “Here are two men who have

been inquiring about him within two days. The

t one is hanging around our store as though

. " had a whole lot of business with Mr. Scudder,

'  _whom he appears to be on very friendly
f and he hasn’t gone near Mr. Bacon _yet.

Saw a, second person arrives who clearly inti-
.»!l.iates' that he intends to call on the Bacons. I

ﬁoﬁld like to know what it all means. Looks as

' "thérewas something important on the tapis. I

’ it maynot result in Jessie and her father

I wouldn’t like that for acent.
She's the only

we

  
   
  
   
   
    
   
  
 
 
    

  

   

vi '”'B.oanoke. V
as Jessiegthe worst way.

 

jcan’t stay here "myself."

  

ONLY A FACTORY ‘BOY A v 9

\

girl here I take any interest in. I would feel like
a ﬁsh out of water if she and her father pulled
up stakes and went somewhere else. I believe
I'd light out myself and follow her.” -

There were a number of customers in the store
when Will arrived with the mail. After putting
his wheel up he pitched in to help Mr. Scudder
who had to look after the mail at once, as several
people were on hand waiting for expected letters
and newspapers. Half an hour later Will went in
to supper. While he was eating a messenger
came from the Roanoke House with a letter for
Mr. Scudder. who seemed anxious and nervous
after reading it.. The factory hands held a dance
on the last Saturday night of each month at the
Town Hall, and Will invariably escorted Jessie
there and afterward back to her home. This Sat-
urday was. the last one of the month, and so when
Will ﬁnished his supper he started upstairs to put
on his best clothes and ﬁx himself up. ‘While he
was washing his face Mr. Scudder entered his
room.

, f‘You hain’t
storekeeper.

“Yes. I’m going to a dance at the hall,” re-
plied the boy.

“I’m goin’ out on business, and I wanted you to
look after thestore,” said Mr.‘ Scudder crossly;
“Can’t you stay around till it’s time to close‘ up
and then go to the dance?” ‘

“I don’t see how I can.
Jessie Bacon.

goin’ out, are you?” asked the

I've got to go after .'

She'll expect me to show up not "

b “giimphd! _Y9tlI're ‘gal-stmck I s’pose. Goin"
y::¥V?ii€§aothE1lnwa¥{i:'there ?” gh I‘

i nt now ut you mi t take the short
cut along the cliffs,” he said. “It’s jest like boys
tog-Iiin inmldalnlgerfiest for the fun_lof the thing.”-

m not 00 ‘mg or trouble ” ‘ed W'l1 -
dering whyliis uncle had .rrladI:psi11ch alphillxtcreld
mention of the short cut which ran by we of
Stgrmhstﬁiaehltock. the liiglghestmpoint of the cliffs’

s 0 one no . ain
thrgylv aﬁayt on 3111) undertaléer.” h d,

‘ou n you ury me i somet ing happens
to me?” grinned Will. »

“I s’pose,I’d have to. That’s why I don't want
nothin' to happen to you, ’cause funerals are ex-.
pensive.” . i

“If you knew you were going out tonight,why .
didn)”t you ask Billy Bray to come back after sup-
per. / '

Billy Bray was Mr.» Scudder’ a s’ t t ' th
store. A s s is an in e

“I"didn’t know I was goin’ out till a little while
ago. . .

“Well, _as soon as I’m dressed I'll go over to
Bray s house and send him to look after the store
while you’re away. He can close up’ if you’re nbt ,
back by -half-past eight.” ‘
“Well, don't forget to do it.

. later than half-past seven."

got no money to

after the store till Billy comes over.” , .
Thus speaking the postmaster- left Will's room _
and went to hlsV0W'.l'l. _In about ten minutes W_ill_
heard him go downstairs and out 5 the kitchen’
door. The young factory
and entered the store, where he found Mrs.‘Watt's.

waiting on a customer. 
“I’m going after ‘Billy Bray,” said‘ Will, “gﬁ .1

  

   

_ I'm goin’ out in",.~ ‘
about ten minutes, and Mrs. Watts’ll have to look p :

boy ﬁnis ed his toilet ; .5

  

     

 "10

hasn't fallen down there.

, my uncle is up to any crooked work, and yet

‘yoice, reached Will’s ears again.

 

 

as stern a tone as he could assume. ' L _, g _
. One of _tha_inen, 1‘ ‘was the person with the fa; ,
ﬁﬁ'H,‘a1.:,;.Y01¢e.'St&rte up -with a;sta,r_tledi ejacula-

When he reached Bray’s home Billy was out
somewhere. and Will lost twenty minutes hunting
him up. Then he started for the Bacons’ cottage.

“I’m dead late,” he muttered. “I’ll have to take
the’ short cut, anyway, even if I run the risk of
furnishing the undertaker with a job. However,
this won’t be the first time I've gone around by
Storm Stone Rock. and I know every foot of the
way as well by night as in the broad daylight.”

' So off he hustled bv the path that ran close to
the edge of the cliffs, the base of which was
washed by the sleepless waters of the Atlantic
Ocean. By the time Will had got half way he no-

- ticed by the thickening air that a fog _was coming

in. As he didn’t want to be caught in the clammy
mist he hurried his steps. As soon as he reached
the base of the rock he knew that’ he would have

'to turn sharply to the left in order to avoid a

deep precipitous gully that the. storms of past
ages had cut out of the cliff wall.

“I'll bet it will be quarter to eight by the time
I reach the cottage,” he said to himself. “Jessie
will wonder what’s keeping me, for I’ve always
been on hand to the minute before.”

He was close to the. great rock now, and the air
was growing more hazy every moment, while the
roll call of the surf sounded both mournful and
menacing. Suddenly out of the darkness and mist
ahead came a gasping cry for help—twice re-
peated. .

~ CHAPTER VII.—-Describes What Happened on

the Cliffs; .

.“Soinebody’s in trouble out here,” breathed
Will, not a little startled by the cry. “The cry

I came from the direction of the rift, and that's the

most dangerous spot on these cliffs. I hope he
If he has he'll be a
subject for an inquest. I’ll have to make my
way there and see what’s the matter." v
_' He passed around‘the base of Storm Stone
Rock that was now almost swallowed up by the
fog, and then advanced more cautiously, for he
could see only a few feet ahead, and not very
distinctly at that. ‘ ‘ ' ,
“Hold him quiet, Silas,” came a voice out of the
mist that sounded familiar to his ear. “He
squirins so I can’t get the case from his pocket.”
“rm holdin’ him the best I know how,” came

I V ; another voice that Will recognized with a thrill
‘ » of surprise and mistrust as -his uncle's. ' ‘
’ “What’s «go- ,

“My gracious!” ejaculated Will.

ing on here? That’s Mr. Scudder’s voice. There

‘ is some man with him, and they seem to be doing

something to somebody. It can’t be possible that

“Help!” . ’ . ,

l The cry, feebler than before, and in a choked
' Will was now
satisﬁed that a crime was being committed, and

. he ‘determined, at any risk, to prevent it. [The

fact that his uncle appeared to be one of the prin-

lj — cipals in the affair did not deter, but rather in-
 : .,cited him to-action. _
‘ _ I most stumbled over the legs of a man lying on the

He pushed forward and a]-

ground held down by two others. ' '
_.- =“H_ere, what does this mean?" he demanded in

 

ONLY A FACTORY" BOY A .

—head against a stone, I guess- Well, whatfsha

 

. SE
rift itjs won, and nothing will stand‘;
. . A

tion. Something dropped from his hand 1a
struck the rocks with a ringing sound, then, we
clattering down into the rift.
precation, while his companion“, with a gasp; ‘
consternation. rose to his feet and rushed oﬂ’ int
the darkness like a frightened fawn. ~. .  '-
“I say what does this mean?” demanded '
“What have you been doing to this man?" ~, 1 '
The boy, and the man he addressed» lsto
facing each other in the thick mist across the bad‘
of the unconscious victim.  .1"
“What’s that to you?" snarled the man with‘. t
familiar voice doggedly. V v  
“It's a great deal to me. This man's cry
help brought me up. Have you murdered:hi'rii
"No, we haven't; but I'll murder you i.f5’>I,~.i-li,
of you breathing a word of what you've’ .
mght. I know you now, young man‘, so you '
be able to escape,me.’? .  g ,
“You scoundrel!” ‘cried Will, taking a 
from his pocket. “I'll know you, too.’  . 
With a swift movement he lit the match.‘ ,2 '

illuminated the stranger from. head to foot fpri
instant and then went out. His action had =ber*~"
other could raise a ﬁnger to prevent him
recognized the man as the stranger he‘ had.»
sitting on the crate at the station that evening,
“Blame you!” cried the fellow ﬁercely. ‘i’
shall suffer for that." ' " '
He reached forward and caught Will by '
arms. In another moment they were lbelieii '
gether in a tight embrace andwere strti
for the mastery on the very edge of the perils
rift. Strong as the boy was he was no match
the man_he wasopposed to. The struggle ﬁw .
short, being brought to a speedy terminating’: 
Will tripping over a stone and going. down)i .
ily on the rocks with the man on top of him; “
shock deprived him of consciousness, and"
still as the person in whose behalf he hadun
fered. Theman rose to his knees and 'wai__é'il,f
the boy to make a move, but he didn't. \ ' ‘ "
“He’s down and out for a while.

 
     
    
  
  
 
 

do now? That cowardlv Scudder halsjma

and left "me to face the consequences. The
containing the will _has gone down into the fr
maybe to the bottom, where the »seething'.ya
will hide it from sight. If so I'm safe—-‘stliiit
man’s property will be mine in spite of;
lawyers in the world. But I must make so '

it’s gone for good, for I can’t afford tota
chances.- I can’t ‘investigate tonight in}.

and darkness, but -I’ll come around tomorrjiw
have a look. Now what shall I do with old.Jar - l
and this young imp who butted in on‘-us,
pqrtunely? _ I can't leave them here, ‘for
might fall into the rift when the _‘

I don't want blood upon my soul: Well,
drag them to the rock yonder and leave-*9
Their future movements will then be an that ’ v
heads. That blamed ‘young monkey workéi} ‘
match on me quite cleverlyi. But with th.
guise I assumed he never will be able '_to "
me as the man ‘he spoke to at the stat
nights ago. No,‘ no; I'm safe enou h 
score- I've played a risky game,,.but  y
as g13od,as'woi_i.‘ If/the case isvat, 2

   

.and.luxury' for the restof. mY‘Ilf8

 

  
  
  
  
 
     
  
  
      
  

He uttered an,.im'— I

 i

   om   soy  g  

   
  
    
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
    
    
  
   
   
     
   
  
 

 

, er, thecowardly old villain, I’ve a great mind to “You came here from Boston, dld'Il"lJ, you?’ ‘
‘}5ut'a spoke in his wheel- Maybe I will before Fm ‘asked Will. " I V _ . ; . - ., , ,
, It him.” I I ‘ ’ . ‘ “Bostonl" repeated Caleb Jarley, as if the word ’“
fCu'rtis.Jewell. for the reader will’readily recog- struck a responsive chord. “Yes, yes; I know _ -1 
nize that the rascal‘ was he, got up and 'drag‘ged Boston. I know Boston._ I——-—-" and he rambled
he body of Saleb Jarley to the foot of S’co_rrri off: into senseless mutterings. V
%_t§)1I}1feL12.0ck,1:'l"1K)fWolOSl12;h1n/,.tl(7ile f0%".‘tﬁ[‘heIi1f%lea](’313Y§‘2lle.g ‘ﬂog came ClO.l£lnW¥i(1511‘§ to Roanoke to see‘Ei.‘.-
 . gga rm eegeo er 1 war acon,s‘ai i. ‘
‘Iaidhiinjbeside the old secretary. ‘fYes', yes; Edward Bacon, Roanoke; brought’
“Now good~night, my bucks, and may you ﬁnd will; it’s in tin box; must be careful; if lost Cur- ' ' I
-r way safelyout of this when you co_me_ to Vtis Jewell gets everything, then make ducks_ and
o,ui~—_sens_es. By that time I expect to be enioying drakcs with it; never do—never do.” I ’
‘ajquiet cigar in my room, and dreaming of the Will wondered what ‘he was talking about.-‘~,VIt,
oOd_,iortui_ie that awaits me in Boston.’ struck the boy that the rough treatment the old
“ _W1th~vthOSe words he turned on his heel, and man had received from the men‘ who assaulted
with great caution took his way over the rocks him had deranged his wits. At any rate, his [talk
lllﬁvvalﬁgritllle V1lél§l.g6.a He hactlii’t gone very far be- was veigy irra,ti€}n:ill anizd :ilnintelli%ible.— The I’ ,1’ ,
o!‘e>* 1 m0V_ an Dresen Y5-3 up-. = con cot age, wi ig s .iinin rom two 0 i, I '
“Gee! ‘ I got a good bump on my head that time. windows, loomed up ahead. Vgill asked '_ the old
he rascal is gone, I see. _Tool»:, advantage of my man no further questions, for he found‘ that he
ockout to.sk_ip. Never mind, I ll know him when could ‘not get satisfactory answers, but led him
see, him ag'am—-—if I everdo. -As for Mr.‘ Scud— . )fo_rw_ard. The poor old fellow went along as sub-
er, his presence here tonight, as the associate of missively as a child, ,mum‘oling to himself all the , ,
hat_rasca'l in the commission of a cr_iirie—igol3- while. At length_they reached the front d‘oorlo:f— - 
\ry, no‘ ‘doubt-—is the greatest surprise of my the cottage, at which Will knocked loudly. It was H
 ‘I simply can t understand it. And hes my opened by Jessie,/‘who was dressed in her best x‘ I I
le, Eor that t1‘€£8.€0Il 'IthS%p osec Igl1_ h§.v§_ to‘ go‘w‘riV,handVl<ﬁ>kﬁd uilicicammonly sweet; 1 « d 
.10l1m,1m 3“ 110; 9 011 8-" , F6 0 mze . 1mg ’ Y. '1‘, ow "a e you are.” s Ie exc aime .2. 
won’t be an easy matterﬂfo-r me to treat him as Thenlier eyesﬁlled with surprise as she noticed l‘~—- 
ve lieenaccustomed to, 101‘ .heil never be the the boy’s elderly companion. ’  ’
‘ggynerson to me after tonight. Now I must V “Soi‘i~y, ‘Jessie, but  had a strenuous adventure
oolgafter the man whose criv forliielp broughiﬁnie on the cliffs. Whereis,your _tather‘?, I am going v—
noxfiiifz‘ Sgdthe IlISeIlleOl1l1§l3ll€SSSa(?(?’§l§;1gel2gfhIl;efSeI1‘S:SS l?mb:¥l%igh»lS Old gentleman 1”‘ H‘? 3, badly hlntv  
h;at’s«1uckY. f0!‘ it Would be fa!“ fiom all 9%? “Father’s in the sitting-room. You can o ri ht 5 ul
li for’ me to have to carry him to the cottage, ‘I in,” - ’ .  g ,‘
 _rf Jessie must he in a terrible stew over my ‘I She heldithe door onen while Will assisted Ca?
$§.ll\{I'e'~l?0_Sh0W uP-  , , ,  . . leh J §rley__ into the entry. then she followed their
.111 raised the old secretary 11“3°_ ‘:3. Sitting into the sittingafoom. Mr. B‘aC’.)l‘1"l(_3C-lied up 'f‘rom\, ,»
store and then struck a match to see if he could the ilewspauer he was reading, said “Good-6‘??? .. .-‘I
l:1,h0W.bad1Y 1n.lU1'_€d,.h(_3 Wafs- A? the Tlgallsch I ning to Will ai‘iIg_ looked inquiringly at the el— ‘
egtsup and cast its ﬂickering g ow on. (laleb . derly stranger. _ ill led the secretary to the sofa,
ey’s face W111 uttered an exclamatlﬂn Of SuI‘- where he sat down and stared around the small

2

rise. He recognlzed the elderly stranger who room like one in a dream_
ad interrogated him atthe station that evening ‘ I .
ut EdwardBacon. Will shook him. . . , V
 do youIfeel?”’he asked. K I, ‘ ‘ ’ . 
a1§eel!” replied the old mm “Pm ,coId-«very ' CHAPTER VIII.-—-What Caleb Jarley Said.
Then i%‘.€,t’IﬁP alldlweql Walk 3-long." Said Will, ‘"Mr. Bacon, w‘ lyou please see what you caii’do
sistin2Ih‘iin’0nh1S,feet.- ; , I . I s. for this old gent man?I’ said"Will.~ “He}was at+
Tho boy h00l<€d his 31'm‘m the 013 maD’S and, tacked by twomen on the“ clilfslnear Storm Stoi'i,e”~:‘
himsforward. ” A ->‘ . Rock, and I guess he’s badly injured. , I came ’up,;
What's your name? he asked.m ‘ « and tried"to save him, but got knocked out’ my-If‘
My, ‘name? Yes, Yes; I» 3,1339 ,3 Mme, but I, aself.”  ‘ _’ ~ .  . ‘  I , 
’iie’t.seem able to remeinbe,r it. _ I _ _ V “'Q‘h, Willl~ Areyou hurt, too?” asked Jessie, ‘
Youdonlt remember it! exclaimed~W1ll in asw .noticing the boy's ruffled .and somewhat ‘soiled »
shment. __ . I L . I « _ . clothes, and coming forward anxiously. .. I-
No,_,every1;'hin»g seems to benln a haze.’ «Did I ', “_No; I’m all right. Don’t worry about me.
‘hurt? . My head feels sore. , ., I V This ‘old man, here ‘needs. our services,” replied "
 You remembﬁr, I sﬁipposg, that you were  BI , I. I I .
ac, ‘outliers out 6 T00 3, an . ’ . . - r. acoii asked for no further ex lanation
“Rn ks»! Rocks!” said the old manin a helpless but hastened to aid the stranger. He‘§aw there
 “What rocks?” ~ I I Was 9-. big‘ cut on his head where the bloodhad

      
 

 
   
   

      
   

   
     
  
 

  
   
    
  

   
     
     

    
   

  

 
   
  

  

'ouwere knocked‘ down. by two menglone of partially congealed. , _' . , l
E was_,r,obibn;: you when I came up.“ You “Call your aunt, ‘Jessie. Tell her to bring"som>”e:
foll 5 I I I warrn water, Castile soap and a soft mg or two.

       
   
   
   

  
   

 
  

ect that, of course,” said :Will.. V
_don’t know what you mean. Myehead seems Then go to. one ofthe small Idrawers in 11137 .hu—.
ﬂl wrong.  It hurts me}? ~ I ,, reau and fetch a pi'et-gajof court-plaster you “will
$5%$liFil‘l‘. wondered. at the strangeness. of the old” ﬁnd there. ,«Bring« your scissors also,”' said Mr.

izreplies. I+Ie~seemedﬂto be unable to ‘collect Bacon:  ._ u 3,,  A ;I I .5, at .
   . aux -. I . ‘ I   »*  K Jessie ﬂ_ew,toIdo'her‘father’s bidding, and pit“ ‘

  
  

      
      
   

  
    
  

     

 l,12_“ Q

  
  

ently her aunt entered the sitting-room with the

,water, soap and rags, also a bottle of liniment.

Caleb Jarley offered no resistance to the good
offices of the bookkeeper, who proceeded to bathe
the wound and then cut some of the hair away
from it. It was a deep and nasty-looking cut,
and appeared to have been inﬂicted by the sharp
edge of a stone. Mr. Bacon washed it with the

sliniment and then ‘placed upon it a soft rag soaked

with the same stuff, after which he bound the
whole up with a bandage. Will brushed the sec-
retary’s clothes as well as he could with a whisk
broom, then a pillow was placed for the old man’s
head, and he was made as comfortable as pos-
sible. 1’ ‘

He lay a while with closed eyes, and Will took
the opportunity to tell all that had happened as
far as he knew under the shadow of Storm Stone

_ Rock. He took care not to breathe a hint that

would connect Silas Scuddcr with the affair, but
said he would know the chief rascal anywhere
if he came across him. After a time Caleb Jar-
ley ‘opened his eyes and began talking and mut-
tering in the same strange way that Will had
noticed during the walk to the cottage. ,

.‘‘He seems to be off his perch," said Will.

‘ ‘‘That’s theway he went on all the way from the

cliffs. I asked him several questions, but he
couldn’t give a sensible answer to one. I am
pretty sure that he came down here from Bos-
ton. and further that he came to Roanoke to see

/ you. Mr. Bo.con.”‘

:‘To see me!” ejaculated the bookkeeper in sur-
prise.

“Yes-, I am positive of that. I met him at the
station ,when he got off the train tonight. He
asked me where you» lived, and when I told him he
said he guessed he would be able to ﬁnd the cot-

’ tage.”

“Why, I never saw the man in my life,” replied
Mr. Bacon. “I wonder what he wants with me?"
“I couldn't say, but on the way over here from
the cliﬂ"s_ I heard him mumbling something about

. a tin-box that he had to, be careful of, for if it

was lost somebody named Curtis Jewell would get
everything."

‘ “Curtis Jewell!" exclaimed Mr. Bacon in aston-
ishment. “Whv, that is the name of my dead
wifo’s cousin. He took my wife's place in ”

Mr. Bacon recollected himself-and stopped sud-

vdenly. No one in that neighborhood but himself,
. ~ his sister and Jessie knew the facts connected
' " with the bookkeeper’s marriage with the Boston
v -.‘ heiress who in consequence was disowned by her

father. and her place in his home ﬁlled by his
nephew, Curtis Jewell. It was naturally a pain‘-

» ful recollection for Mr. Bacon, who revered the

memory of the woman who made such, a great

-V sacriﬁce for hisysake. _ _
. - “Then you know this Curtis Jewell?" said Will.

a “Not personally, but I’ve heard of him," replied

 C ’ the bookkeeper in a constrained tone.

f‘This old man's visit here has evidently some
connection‘ with ‘him, I judged from his rambling

 talk,” said Will.

‘-‘Did this old gentleman tell you who he was?”
"No,” replied the boy, shaking his ‘head. “I

"L--asked him his name coming over here, but he
' _'couldn’t remember it."' , ’

“Couldn’t remember his name?” ejaculated Mr.
Bacon. “

 “-He doesn't ‘seem able, to recall anything except

I
. , ‘A..-

ONLY All FACTORY‘ Bord

 

   
  
 
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
    
   
 
   
    
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
    
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

your name, Roanoke, Curtis Jewell, Boston, -‘at’
the fact that he has a tin box in his possession
that he must be careful of. He also said som
thing‘ about a will, I think." '
“A will!” exclaimed the bookkeeper in a puzzl,

way.

Will noded.   

“Strange,” said Mr. Bacon. “It can’t be'that-4;-‘
no, no. it isn’t reasonable to suppose ‘that Horace; '
Goodwin————” ' _’ ‘ I »

As the name passed his lips Caleb Jarle
struggled up.  ‘ ,

“Yes, yes, Horace Goodwin repented and .~gIjﬁ~
the right thing at last-—at last,” he cried »in '3’.
trembling but earnest tone, looking vacantl 
those present. “Poor child—poor child!’ 
she must have ‘suffered! And she is dea'd’«—-de _
If she had only lived to know that her father 
pented and yearned to see her again. If she in
only lived—poor child! Poor child!" _ ,

Then the secretary seemed to forget what; he
was talking about, and recommencedhis tam
bling talk and mutterings. Mr. Bacon staIfed.’i&’il}li%'
a pale face‘ at the old man. 9 

Every word Caleb Jarley had uttered‘ was:-.
telligible to him. {Horace Goodwin was hi’s",wi_fé.
father, and from the old man's talk it appe, _
that he had repented of his treatment of his onlf
child too late to receive her back in his arniS._’.B1_j
what did the old man’ mean by saying that ‘E
ace Goodwin had done the right-'thing—‘at','las
Was his father-in-law dead, and had he added.
eodicil to his will leaving some of his property“
his daughter or her heirs? The probability» ,
such a thing thrilled him -through and throji 1133.3-
he thought of Jessie, who was compelled to: C I .
ten hours a day in the knitting factoryitouh
keep the pot boiling at home. v   .

“You say he mentioned a tin box?” he 5:33
turning abruptly to Will. ‘,7 -

“Yes." ~ . v . ' '.

“And I think you said son;iething’ab_out a.wi.H.,
added the bookkeeper with a strange eagerness-
in his tone. . ' -. V ‘

"‘I am not positive on that point, 
replied the boy. “I am almost sure, though
I heard him mention the word.” r ‘  .

“You say he mentioned my name at the - _
tion, and said he was going to call on me?" "

“That’s right.” ' ‘ ‘V 

“Did he say anything else? Did he speak ab“ _
Jessie?” . ‘  ‘

“No. not a word.” , . y ‘ . ,

“What could have taken him out on the cliﬁﬁs
If he was coming to see me tonight he*wigu'It¥
naturally have inquired the way, and, anybod
would have directed him to take the road.”“ 

“That is what puzzles me,” said Will. 3
as if those two men met him somewhere near.
in the village. saw he was a stranger aroundii "
and then after ﬁnding out where he wﬁsygoﬁl
offered to act as guides, and led him out a

  

.1‘

-.

one
cliﬂ’ path with the object of vrobbing"hii“n~."’, *4
“That must ‘be the fact,” replied Mr.‘ ’
:‘We}l1l‘, the question is, did’ they succeediin.
mg im. . 
- “I’m afraid one of them did. He could’
have completed his work after; lielaid me
The other man ran away the moment-I up -~ :
“f_I‘oo ba ; top bad.” said the bookkee '
anxious to e. The fellow may have tak
box from-‘hixn.”. 4 ‘  '

 

  

.. 7‘.‘Now that you mention it, I am sure he had
"'1-ié, box in his hand when I came up.”

me did?”
“Yes, but he must have dropped it, for I heard
something rattle on the rocks as if it had fallen

   
 
   
  

 

id
5
ri-
0
cr-
3:"
an
H
‘:3.
er
2:

“If it went down into the rift it is gone for-
ever.” \ '

 ‘ ' l of a ro e.”
\~‘vv1‘?¢Vte}lTIel;7‘:)1I1)'re not Iieally sure that it was the
ease yoii heard. It might have been a knife that
the rascal had been using to intimidate his vic-
tim. . The bladestriking on the rocks would have
made a rattling sound,” said Mr. Bacon.
'“That’s true,” agreed Will. _
“We’d better get the old man to bed up in our
spare room,” said the bookkeeper. “After that I
think it would be well if you went for Doctor Ball
mi brought him out here. It must be that. a
Spunter of boneis pressing on the man s _brain.
Certainly no ordinary wound would make him act
the way he does. His memory seems completely
bcfogged. From what has already transpired, I
suspect that the errand which brought him here
from Boston is one of great importance to. me and
mine. ' We cannot know, however, unless we are
able» to learn the facts from his lips. Therefore
the sooner a doctor is called in to treat him the
better.”
;, ,§5A11 right, sir; I’ll go for Doctor B_all after I
hél" ’ ou put the man to bed,” said W111.
. ‘ aleb Jarley offered no objection when he was
’ }d he must go to bed. Will took him by one
arm and "Mr. Bacon by the other, and led him up
‘to’-thezspare room which Jessie's aunt had pre-
ared for his reception. They -undressed and_put
unto bed, and while the bookkeeper remained
with him Will started to go for the doctor- _
“No dance for us tonight, Jessie,” he ‘said to
‘the girl when she accompanied him to the door.
.‘!N¢j I suppose not,” she answered with 1 rue-
‘ ‘little smile. “You'll come back with Doctor
;‘ V 011?”
I will,” he said, and then he went out

 
 
  
   
  

 

   
  
  
 

 

   
    
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
  

\ 1

‘A ii I IX.-—-C ' th Int rview Be-
'l£EhE-ilviii and diiihrsnhngizeiieon this Cliffs.

“ - 1d , d ccompanied him to
.f§3§3§cb:n1tc<?t1€a;e. nl'?sllel?rlTa1?ley wasvlying with
“his eyes open, wide awake, but there was a vacant
re in them which indicated an impairment of
 tal f ulties. _ . _
-. 1l1»asn’t2;msaid a word since you left, Will,”
:5” aaidlthe‘ bookkeeper. _ x, _ ‘
.D‘Q¢4mr Ball lost no time in examining the
_.m'md,, which he pronounced a ve _ serious one,
' 9 ‘f:"h‘e could ﬁnd no sign that 9. sp inter of bone
‘ ». ‘ th brain.
w%‘§Itpi:$vs<l;§ gblssible that he is suffering from a
égrlcussion of the brain,” he said. “Although the
1§zua;pd'is "a severe one there is nothing about it
'ihliK;leads me to sup .o.se that it is the cause of his
jiresent, mental con ition.‘ Any idea how long he
 unconscious?” he‘ asked Will. ' _ ' _ ’
" eo_uldn.’t say exactly, but I don’ti»tliink it was

  

vihalf an l_lOlll'.",-

ONLY Al,FACTORY ‘BOY '

“It may not have gone far, but lodged on a.
rocky shelf in which case it could be recovered I

.,Wi1l.foun,d Doctor Ball at home, told him the"

  
 

.~. -;.«-

“And he has been irrational ever since he came
to his senses?” , V’ '
“Yes, sir.” ‘ ,
“Well, the case, Pm bound to admit, puzzles me
a little. He may recover his mental faculties at
any moment, or it may be some time before he
comes around." A
B “Any danger of his dying, doctor?” asked Mr.

acon anxious y.

“No, I don’t think there is, though his age is
against him. He seems to have an unusua
amount of vitality for a man of his years, and
ought to pull out all right.
looked after, and should be kept in bed for the

present. I will come out and see him in the morn- _

ing.”-

Doctor Ball then took his leave. Mr. Bacon re-
mained with Caleb Jarley and Will went down-
stairs to talk with Jessie. Their conversation at
first related to the patient upstairs.

“Your father told me that he examined the old
man’s clothes and found all his property appa-
rently intact; He had on his person a Pﬁicketbook
containing nearly ﬁfty dollars, an old-fashioned
but valuable watch, a pair of heavy gold sleeve
buttons, and various other articles of minor value.

All thesethings could easily have been taken 1

from him by the two ruﬂians had their real ob-
ject been plunder. The tin case that he Was sup-
posed to have is missing, however, so it is im-
possible to say whether he really had such an ar-
ticle about him. If he‘did have it, the chief
ruﬂian carried it away, or it fell into the rift. It
might have been the case and not a knife I heard
rattling on. the rocks.”

On his way home that night Will could think
of nothing else but the strange adventure on the
cliffs; He was sorely puzzled to account for his
uncle being involved in such a criminal act.
Neither could he understand how Mr. Scudder
came to be hand-in-glove with. a man who was
clearly a stranger inthat locality.
willing to swear that he had never met the man

before that night, when he saw him perched on"

the crate at the station apparently waiting for
someone.
thing familiar about him, and, above all, his voice
was one he was sure he had heard before. Who
was he waiting for at the station? Could it be
that he was looking for the old man?

“By George!” ejaculated Will. “I’m beginning
to think there is a deep mystery in this matter.
Maybe that fellow knew'all about the poor old
man’s errand down here and came on an earlier
train to head him off. Maybe his sole object was
to secure that tin box which seems to ﬁgure in
the case. I recollect now that he followed the old

man into the ’bus and sat beside him. Later on '

the old gentleman either started out to visit Mr.
Bacon, or he was decoyed from the hotel to the
cliffs. My reasoning may be all right in its way,
but it fails tojhrow any light on the very impor-
tant circumstance of Mr. Scudder-being mixedup‘

in the aﬂ"air._ As long as I can recollect my uncle ‘

has never before shown a crooked streak. He:i5
close-ﬁsted, and whenever I have asked himques-‘

tions aboutmy father he has shut me up short '

-~.\

and sweet, but otherwise I can't find any fault’''

_withshim. Of course he recognized me when ‘I
came on the scene tonight, and this probably ac-

countsffor“him' skipping off so quickl%,eleavi'ng,_hi.e-' 

companion and me to fight‘ it out

tween our-

 

is

He will have to be ~

Will was '

And yet, for all that, there was some-,

 

  

 iii

,s,elves.° He’s bound to show a certain amount of
nervousness when we meet tomorrow, for he isn’t
sure that I didn’t recognize him even in the fog.
However, I don’t mean to let him know, for the
present, at any rate, that I'm on to him. I must
put‘Constable Jones wise to the other man. We’ll
go to Squire Grant’s house together and get a
warrant for his arrest. If he doesn’t leave by
the morning train there is a chance that the con-
stable may catch him. After I have attended to
that matter I’ll go over to the rift and see if
there is any Sign there of the tin case. Mr. Bacon
Seems much interested in it. At any rate, it
strikes me that it is at the bottom of the whole
trouble.” » - ‘

By the time Will had reached this point of his
soliloquy he was within a few, yards of the store.

._room. He slept soundly until Mrs.
him to breakfast, Mr. Scudder did not put in an
appearance atthe meal, and as soon as Will got
through he went over to Constable Jones’ house.
He told the ‘constable all the particulars of the
affair on the cliffs, without implicating his uncle,

v and the oﬁicer agreed that a warrant ought to be
issued for the unknown rascal.

Accordingly they went to the 'justice’s house,
where Will» repeated his narrative, and Squire
Grant issued the document empowering the con-
stable to arrest the man on sight and put himin
the.lock—up. It was close on to eleven o’clock
when Will took the cliff path for the rift. When

. Will rounded Storm Stone,Rock and came in sight
‘ of the rift, a dozen yaijds away, he was surprised
‘to see a ‘tall, well—dressed man on the scene, peer-
ing down into the chasm. He recognized him at
once.as the stranger who had talked to him at
the station, and who seem-ed "to be on familiar
terms with his uncle. The man -‘had now been
three days in Roanoke, and Will wondered what
business hadbrought him there. ,He' had cer-
tainly not called on Mr. ‘Bacon, though his perti-

_ ' ‘neat inquiries about the bookkeeper had ‘given the

2 _ boy the idea that he had business with Jessie’s

~,father. The reader, however, knowsvthat this
man was Curtis.Jewe1l. The sound of Will's foot-
steps attracted Jewell’s attention and he looked
around. V

-“Ah, my young friend,” he said with a sinister
smile, “we meet aagin.”

Like a ﬂash Will recognized his voice as iden-

’ K tical with " the tones of the man connectedwith
' last night’s adventure, and he looked at him
sharply. He knew now why the rasca1’s voice had
seemed familiar to him. - -\ i
’. ’,“I see we do,” he replied rather coldly to Jew-
~»e1l’s remark. ' i ,

 . “Are you out for a morning's walk ialcng the
cliifs?” asked the man curiously. _.

“You seem to be taking in the cliﬂ’s yourself,”

‘replied Will.
et?” J ,

, »‘.‘Why do you ask that?” said Jewell sharply.

_ A “Because you made so many inquiries about
him at the station the evening you reached here
that I supposed you had siness with him.”

a “You necdn’t _worry about my business rela-
_ tions with Mr. Bacoii.” ‘ V ' ‘
‘ ..f“I-’m not worrying about the matter,”
I Will indifferently.

 
 

replied

   

"Atthe same time‘ he was‘cov_ertly‘_sizing this

.1, ,

He had a key, to the back door, and letting himself,
' in, he pulled ‘off his shoes and went uietly to his »
atts calledi

“Have you called on Mr. Bacon

 

 «my AAFACTORY‘ BOY . -  

man up, for a suspicion had entered his head {Eh
this elegant-looking person and the rough-looking
man of the revious night might possibly
same ‘indivi ual. The suspicion gained strength
every moment from the fact that the two wer‘e"od‘ V
the same height and build, and this man was 
familiar terms with Mr. Scudder. ' ,

“I. hope _you’ll know me when
again,” said Jewell sarcasticallﬁ.

‘ I guess I will,” replied Wi with ,a 

8'
5?

you" 

laugh. “By the way, have you known Mr.’ Send I

der long?" ' V ' '  ’ 4
“What is that to you, young man?" . 4‘
“Nothing." - ' V ' ‘

“Then why did you ask?” . ' s  ‘
“Merely out of curiosity.”_' i i ' - 
“May I ask how long haveiyou known Mr. S A
_ der .yourself'!” Jewell asked with a sardonic 1
1 “Ever since I can. remember——alinost.”

“Has he treated,you well?” ' . ,
hi!‘I‘1I"haven’t any particular fault to ﬁnd with
‘:Have you ever asked him about your_fathe'

‘ Does_that fact interest you?” ’ , ’ ',
“N°t_h1118" t6 speak of‘; _but_I should x,_thinl't_
would interest you, he saidwith some eniphae
Why dld you ask me that question? Do
YOU Suppose my uncle would tell me anything
(about my father?” __  3. ‘
~iyouever dth t. fthB"‘ -
the Wood?" chuck1l:?lJewPlellS.orv ° .  ~
:1 can’t say_that I have.” 
it "Then I advise you to read it and ponder
'“Why'.”’ ‘  .
.\ u ‘
:::‘V‘€il1:za%>a(l)>fesigi?ai5i an uncle, and so have you.’»’. 1
ere’a'whlltbt't'f .'
grasp 151’!esPoint.”° e 0 a on ‘ I 1 yo.“ can. 
“I'd liketo know what
atﬁrh ,
saanod‘ d "kt
horse. §yWel\l, you’rdStl?: lgJl)i(1)1d alisogsgflgnd olgnlﬁgiius
ing you a nod,-or a wink, or—a hint, if 
understand that better. Follow it up. andsge
_ what you can make out of it; but before'you.}b“e
gin,.read about the babes and their foxy old uric ‘
and' after you’ve read the story think ‘it ov
There's been more than one foxy old uncle in’
world, and more than one babe who‘ ‘got left:
the shuﬁle. Just mark that fact down in‘big'1e
tors and put i't_in your hat, Will Leggatt.” -V -— 
.With an irritating laugh, Curtis J ewell“1~,u _
on his heel and walked away, leaving Willjgrea
ly mystified by his concluding words. " ‘A;

ove’

you are trying’  

— I

I

 

CHAPTER X.-—~How Jessie Gives WillhFoo
' - Thought. " 

Will, following ‘the _arist,ocratic,ﬁgure’ of Cu,
Jewell with his eyes till he yanished around "St"
, Stone Rock. “He put a whole lot of stress e_'
‘word uncle. He said there was more than‘
foxy old uncle in the world, and more than one
/babe that got left in~.the,shuff1_e. - It “strike”
that he was hitting-,‘.\at Mr. Scudder. .We,l1
last night’s experience with my uncle Ifni .
to believe that he is uncommonly’ ‘fox . *
chap imagines thatl lamsone ofcthe bah

L  . ,

   

    
  

 

goingytoget’ left/in theshuffle, all _I can say is
that his opinion doesn’t out much ice with me.
in‘-1,ngt._going.‘ -to get le£t- in fhisworld if I_can
élp myself--not as longss I’ve- got health and
;streng'th"to hustle.” _ ; _ ~ _
'j¢‘11e11o, Will!” A girlish voice cameﬂoating
through the air toward him. _He easily recognized
the tones as Jessie's. Turning, _l.e saw her com-
ing toward him from the direction of her home.
He waved his arm and waited for her to come

  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   

V pw A ~ . . ,
’_ -“How is .the old gentleman this morning? ’ he
asked. — _ _
' .“About the same. He is as submissive _as a
chilid,» and acts like one. He looks wonderingly
around, ‘as if he couldn’t understand the_condi-
‘n’ of’ things, but he‘ does not say anything, or
ake the slightesticomplaint. My father thinks
. iitﬁ hevcame-= down here on a very important
mission to—------'’‘ _ _
he stopped abruptly and looked a little bit
onfused. Will saw that she had some reason
or not wishing to ﬁnish what she started to say,
so’i_n orclir to bputt her at her ease he abruptly
‘” ha d t 'ec -
.. ,“II1)gi<(l youe esv‘ierJ read the story of the Babes in
he Wood, Jessie?” he asked. __ . _
fW~hy, of course, I did, when I was a little
‘r1?’ v - . . , '
““Do you remember<anything about it? ’
"“I» remember that I was very much interested
.'.'the fate of the two babes.”
If-‘What happened to them 'I_’’ . -
“They got lost in a deep, dark wood, then they
-fell asleep in each other’s arms and died, and the
“birds, came and covered them with leaves.”
‘~fThé‘birds did?” grinned Will.
"‘So the story stated. It was a very sad little
'fstory,\,and I remember that I cried over it.’!.
_,“Did they have a foxy old u_ncle?”
‘_?‘Did they? They had a villainous old uncle.
H%.V\{yia.nted theirr; 13,1”,<’>Pel”’f«Y-3
V e .

.“”}§¢.I1;?t;ii-Ic)i’§i(:eIi'ty yleft them by their
.“Did he get it?” _
 ,“I guess he did. He hired two rascals to take
the babes into the wood and kill them. The men
irarreled and came to blows, and while they were
tthe-babes wandered away and got lost.”
Is that, the whole story?”
.  VP’. /"Will_scratched his head and wondered
‘1{¢1'-ee theipoint was that Curtis J ewell suggested
the should think over. The man's remarks
struck ‘him as so odd that he thought he'd repeat
"iihem I-to Jessie. So he. toldthe girl that when

en-came over there to take a look down i_nto_the
 “to see if the tin box was anywhere 1n sight

 

   
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
    
    

 

 

 

father.”

*4
m
5”

  
   

—found the'we1l-dressed stranger there who
iinquiihd about her father of him at the
ti _  i . p ‘ ,

 
     
  
 
   
   
 
 
 

‘I-Ie.was looking down the rift, too, when,,I
came ‘up. "As soon as he heard me he turned’
found andspoke to me. I told you last night
tiliatrthe voice ‘of one ofthe men who attacked

hill where I ,had heard itbefore. Well, I know
' The well-dressed stranger has the same

efyou ‘suspect then that he~———”

 

omit ;.im:o.;Y. soy   

ﬁie~;~o1d_man had a familiar ring.‘ I couldn’t re- .

Wen, between you and. I, I have a suspicion‘
‘theizev ;_is~‘a, connection between the two men.

 

, 

.They agree in height and build also.‘ If last-

night’s ruﬂian was really the well-dressed strang-

’ er, hisdisguise was ﬁrst-class. I never could iden-I

tify him under oath.”

. “You must tell father about this. He may be

able to suggest some way of ‘ﬁnding out the._

truth.” v »
' Now I want to tell you about the

conversation this man and I had just before you ‘

showed up. He's only been gone about fifteen
minutes.” Will repeated, as near as he could
remember, what Curtis Jewell said to him with
reference to his uncle, Silas Scudder, dwelling
particularly on the man’s ambiguous allusion to
the foxy old uncle of the Babes in the Wood.

“He advised me to ‘read the story and ponder"*_

over it. He said there was more than one foxy

old uncle in the world, and more than one babe ‘ 
who got left in the shuffle, and advised me ‘to. .'
He also ,

put the fact in big letters in my hat.
said that a nod was as good as a wink to a blind
horse. That I was the blind horse,.and he was
giving me a wink or a hint.
suppose he was getting at? Trying to make
%ne1$h’ink that my uncle was playing me“ for a
oo .’

.“'I‘hat .is w1iat'it looks like,” answered Jessie.

'£‘But my uncle isn’t playing me for a fool,”f 
“He maybe, get«" , . 
me for_._ - '
nything, ’ "

said Will in a positive tone.
ting a certain amount of service fro

which he doesn’t pay, but that isrﬁtnh
seeing that he raised me from a little boy ever

since my father went West and died out there. 

Only for Mr. Scudder, I probably would have

been sent to a poor farm as a friendless little

orphan.”

“Then your father was. poor whenhe left yoii 

in Mr. Scudder’s charge?” said Jessie.
“I suppose he must have been.”
“You only suppose?

spoken to Mr. Scudcler about your father?”

.“I haveitried to, but he never seemed’ to want . 

to go into the details I asked him for.’
' “Why not?” ’ ‘

“He was averse to‘ speaking about my father. I.

I have an idea they didn’t pull well efpqethen”.
“What did you learn from"him?” -.
“That my father, after meeting with ﬁnancia

reverses, went out West somewhere to see’ if he 
could make a fortune, leaving me in his care. D
That after an absence of a couple of years my.
‘father’ was stricken with a. fever among theﬂ»

mount 'ns and died.” I —
“Is at all Mr. Scudder could tell you?”
‘ “That’s all he did tell me.”

“When Mr. Scudder heard of the death‘ of your
father surely he must have written to the place 
where he died to ﬁnd out the particulars, and?

.whether he left any money or other properw, 
duty to take charge H

31: he did he never told me anything ;~.boiit5.

which it naturally was his
of in your interest.”

it.

“Did you everask for the facts of your fatheris;
deaﬂ‘l’i,,’ and whether he left any property rafter’!

‘him

and that he didn’t leave anything at al1.”.;—

.“If he told you that I suppose it must be,4s_o."‘

Do you know where irourf.faf.her died ‘P’ j.

V.

   

    

 

Now ‘what do‘ you —

Why,. Will, haven’t.you J7 ‘7 i

 

  

“I. have. All I cbuld get» out. of Mr. Scudder -
was that my father died, of a ‘mountain fev;er,_V

 
 
 
 

  

 

‘.16

_  “He told me that he couldn’t remember.

a ,

  

 should Mr. Scudder conceal the fact?

-“Somewhere in Colorado.’_’ | '
“Didn't Mr. Scudder tell you the place '2"-

-It
was out in _the moun_tai‘ns.”

“You have lived with Mr. Scudder nearly all
your life. Have'you ever seen this man before?"

“Never to my knowledge.”

“Then he must have known your uncle many
years ago.”

“It looks that way,” admitted Will.

“Did you ask Mr Scudder who he was?"

“I did. All he would tell me was that he
was a gentleman from Boston who was looking
over the neighborhood with the view of establish-
ing a factory here.”

- “It is very singular how he knows my father's
name, unless he met somebody in Boston_f1_'om
here who told him. It may have been his original
intention to talk to my father on the subject of
the factory and then changed his mind.”

“That's true. However, I should think he would
spend his time making inquiries of the factory
superintendents and others well informed on that
subject than to be hanging around the store. Mrs.
Watts -told me that he has spent the better part
of the two days he's been in the villa e at the
store in conversation with Mr. Scud er. She

.made the singular remark that my uncle seems

to. be afraid of him." / _ g :

“Afraid of him!” ejaculated Jessiein surprise.
“Why shbuld he be?” ,

‘.‘Ask me something easier, Jessie, and maybe
I'll be able to answer you," laughed Will.

“It is funny he should ask you if Mr. Scudder

. treated you well, and if you had ever asked your

uncleabout your father. How did he say it?”
“Ina rather pointed way. When I asked him
if he didn’t suppose Mr. Scudder would tell me
all he knew he sprung his remark about the
Babes, in the Wood on me, advising me to read

. the story and ponder over it because the babes

had an uncle and so had»I.”

“He knows something about your uncle that's,
hidden from you." Will looked at Jessie in a:
blank kind of ‘a way.’’

“He told you to ponder over the story of the
babes,” she added. ’

“Yes. He said there was a whole lot about it

‘if I could only grasp the point.”

“The point of the story is that the father of
the babes left them a lot of property, and the

‘wicked uncle"co'nspired to defraud them out of it.‘

This man clearly insinuated that your fa er left
you money or other property and th your
umle has t- sated you like the babes were treat-
ed by Llclr uncle.” /

“Great gcott, Jessie!” gasped Will. “Do you
‘really think that is hat he meant?” 
“That is certainly what his words suggest."

“But if my father’ really left me anythinIgt/
wouldn't be a fair deal to me.”

‘-‘Of course, it wouldn’t, but there are persons
in this world whowill stop at nothing to make

I L 4' money. When they are found. out you read about.

their rascality in the newspapers. When they
are not found out their victims suffer the fate
of the Babes in the Wood——that is, they never
learn the truth, and the wicked prosper."

“But Mr. Scudder claims to be -worth«very
little. If my father had left quite a sum of

ONLY Al,Fi1lCTO' RY Ber‘

 
   
  
  

money, and my uncle had kept it, he wouldn't
need to run a country store and wearmheap
clothes. I should think he iwould have gone -_ to
the  long ago and lived on his ill-gotten

g s. —  - .
' “Mr. ‘Scudder doesn't look to me like a man 
who enjoys spending money. My father says that _3
he must make a good proﬁt out of the store  .
to speak of his salary as postmaster. ‘lit is’;
common gossip in the village thatyour 
spends as little as possible, and hoards up
rest. The general impression is that he’sga—
miser. If your father left you any ‘money,  14,!
he got possession of it, you may depend that;?
he is holding on to it just for the satisfaction‘
it gives him to know that he has it, and ‘not be; ‘L
cause he has any idea of ever spending ‘it”on‘
' ma e no rep y. His mind was "
with a new train of thought which 
lanation of the motif of the Babes in the Wooll
d started in his brain. He could hardly bring
himself to believe that there.could be really an ..
thing in it, but he couldn't get away frbmt
signiﬁcant hints thrown out by the well-dressed
stranger, whose manner indicated that he could 
throw a whole lot of light on the subject’ if hi ’
chose to do so. / 5 *

  
 
  
   
   
  
 
    
 
  
  
   
    
   
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
   
    
  
  
 

CHAPTER XI.——In Which will Heads F
Serious Panic. ~ , »' '

“Have ou looked into the rift after thd ﬂu;
case?” as ed Jessie. _ I I ‘ _ .
“No,” replied Will, coming out of his .browg
study; “but I'll do so now. We'll take a look
together." They approached the edge of .—thg
chasm and peered down into ‘the rocky depths.
The seaebbed and ﬂowed at the bottom, 
odd feet below. I  i; ‘
Rocks jutted out like shelves here and fithote 
part of the way own and‘ it was upon oneoi '
these projections at Will thou ht the tin case
might have rested it if it had real y fallen intojtlio
rift. ' '  V V
He and Jessie looked everywhere, but the
box was not to be seen. - 
“No use looking further,” said Will. .“,Whatev!I*
it was I heard fall it went to the bottom -R
zggvergd by’the water, and’that’s the end of 
rai .” «  ,
“Until the poor old‘ gentleman re_covers._conttd ‘
of his brain we shall never know whether he 
tin box or not,” replied Jessie. ' ’ v ' ‘
“That’s about the size of it. Shall we
the cliffs for a while?” . ,, ..
Jessie consented, and they spent an hour!
happy companionship. 7 L
Then he escorted her to the cottage, politely ,
clined an invitation to stay to dinner, and waikeév
back to the store by way of the road. . ‘Q  ,
Wjien he reached home Mrs.‘ Watts wag‘
parmg the midday meal. , _ = , 4
“Where is my uncle?" Will asked her.’ '
“In the store,” replied the housekeeper.’ 3
Will glanced into the big ‘room, whic -
closed, and saw Mr. Scudder seated attlth
desk behind the post-oﬂice pigeon-holes‘goinig.
his accounts. ‘ , ‘, "Ci" -~
“I’d give something to know whetherqxig

walks ‘

 J y"

I is an o_ld villain or not,” muttered the boy as he

stood watching the postmaser at the other endof

. the store; “His actions last night are certainly very

much against him. The attack on that poor old

man was an‘ outrage that calls for Justice, but I

don’t feel that I ought to be the one to expose my

, uncle. I’ll call on Mr. Jones after dinner and tell

"him my suspicions_ about the well-dressed strang-

-er, And that reminds me I can find out his name

byfcalling at the Roanoke House, where he is stop-

ping. His signature will be on the register. It's a

, wonder I never thought of that before._ I'll go
therei-befor I visit the constable.” '

' Will went upstairs to his room.

“Pm going to tackle Mr. Scudder about my‘

father in a few days, and this time I don't intend
» to let him wriggle out without giving me some sat-
. jisfaction. If ,my uncle has worked any crooked
 business on me I'm going to find it out if I. can. If
. he won’t come up with the facts I'll consult Mr.
‘ Bacon about writing to the various mining dis-
""~‘tricts‘of Coloradoon the chance of learning what
' I have a right to know. The great diﬂiculty I am
3 up against is the lapse of time since my father's
' . death. It will doubtless be hard to learn about
matters that happened twelve years ago‘ out in
. the wilds. However, I won’t give up the ship as
. I long as a plank is left to hold on to.,I’m no babe
in the wood even if Mr. Scudder is a, rascally old

uncle, bet your boots."
2 After dinner Will walked over to the hotel and

 consulted the register.

The well-‘dressed stranger arrived Thursday

‘. :,evening, and his name was the last one on a short
» ‘ hsgurtis Jewell, however, had not registered under
his right name, but had put down “William Brown,
Boston,” instead. . _
‘ “So his name is William Brown,” said Will to
V . .himself. ‘*1 can easily remember that. By the way,
‘the old gentleman must be registered here, too.
', 7;‘ I'll’ see what his name is.”
 ‘Will consulted the register for the previous day

"‘ ' and read the name “Caleb J arley, Boston." \
s .  From the Roanoke House the young factory boy
- . walked over to the constable’s home. /

_ ’ Mr. Jones was not at home, but with one of his
 , associates was out scourin the neighborhood for
 ‘Ithe -man who answered tot e description furnished
by, Will. '

 »_ s -,’As Mrs. Jones had no idea when her husband
 Cwould return, Will sat down and wrote a note to
“the constable telling of his suspicions about the
’ rnan registered at the Roanoke House as William

‘ ’Browi1. '

He then went to Sunday-school, arriving late,‘

. ",anclw1ien that was over he went home with Jessie
.- :,:!a_f1(l.ll5'td tea with the family. i
i, _ » He informed Mr. Bacon that the name of the
, Kohl gentleman was Caleb J arley, and that he came
from ' Boston. » , ” _
V Physically sp“eal_<ing, the old man was much im-
 ,;n‘-oved, but his mind was S‘l’,lll‘c10'|1dﬁ. . .
5-» " " Next morning Will reported at thefactory at
I a quarter before seven, and took his place as time-
 keeper at the gate. ,
[Nobody was late that morning, much to Will's
-satisfaction, for he hated to be obliged to report
any of his late associates. I , ‘
 Bacon reached the,/office at eight o'clock

     

I V

 I V‘ ,7"oNI.vfA'irAcToRY~,I§oYl

./J.

 
 
  

17..
and he started the new office assistant at some 
routine desk work. V . f

Will was naturally a bright lad, and it did not 1,
take him long to get accustomed to his new 
duties. '

He acquitted himself that day to the satisfaction V 1
of the bookkeeper, and gave promise of  .-
a much better all-around clerk than Harry Hab-
per, whom he had succeeded. ‘ » . V -;

He was through at half-past ﬁve, but he stayed s '
around the building until the six o'clock whistle re;
leased the operatives, as he wanted to say a, few “
words to J essie and go home with, Joe Rylance.  .

When he reached the store he found a notethere
addressed to him. .
_ It was from the constable. , V,‘ «

The officer said that he had not received Will's‘
note until that (Monday) morning. - , .~  ;

Thinking’ that there might be something in the I
boy's suspicions about “William Brown” he had 
gone to the hotel to try and get a line on that ‘ V
person. _ » 

He learned from the clerk that the said “Brown" ~ 3
had left ..the village the night before by the night , I
train for Boston. ~ . 2

He also said that he and one of the under con-. 
stables had been lookin for the man for whom
the warrant had been ta en out, but without the A
least success, and it was his ‘opinion that the rascal’
had left the neighborhood. ’

That was equivalent to aying that he-had abarié . ,
doned the quest. ' _ A 1

From Mrs. Watts Will learned that Mr. Scudderx
had admitted the well—dressed stranger to the ,
store the evening previous, and that the two talked
for more than an .hour together, after which the .
man took his departure and she had not seen him ,
since. , , ' A

Will noticed that his uncle seemed nervous and
constrained when he handed over the mail—bag for .
him to carr to the station as usual. H ‘ ' ’ ,

“His gui ty conscience is working on him,” 
tlfifought the boy as he mounted his wheel and rode 1:.
o z -

 

  
  
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
    
 
 

Time went faster and more pleasant with Will in
the office than when he worked in the operating 7
room on the third floor. ‘

His new work was more congenial to him, and
he tried to do the very best he was capable of.
On Thursdy morning Joe Rylance overslept him-
self and was late. ' ’ . =
He found himself shut out till the noon whistle j
sounded and Will opened the gate‘ for those opera-' 1
tives and other hands to go out who ,went to their
homes§foi-.,their, dinners». _ .: y »
The new time-keeper was sorry that his chum.
was the ﬁrst person he had to report for not 91- I
riving on time, but he couldn't help it. i
Saturday afternoon at half-past four it was 
Will's duty to carry a box with the pay envelopes
to the foremen of the different ﬂoors. -’ s ‘
There were only three stories to the factory, and
he had 'ust handed over the last batch of envelopes’
to the oreman of the’ top ﬂoor, where most oftha
girls were employed at the knitting machin " _
when a loud explosion took ‘place at one corner?!
room, and a cloud of steam ﬁlled the air. .  . , ;
Some startled girl shouted “Fire!" and made 3'
rush for the corridor where the elevator shaft
was i e < ~ ’ . _ .
I-‘Ier cries and actions started a panic amongtbe

 1 18 .
~  other girls, who had been alarmed by the explosion,
= , and a concerted rush was made for the corridor. -
Will, saw at a glancethat there was going to be
, trouble unless the frantic girls could be headed off
and reassured. . . _ ' 1
f He knew there was no actual danger, as it was
3" only the cylinder-head of a small engine on that
'  ﬂoor which had blown off. _ _
' r ,, He made a rapid dash for the corridor himself,
and was pleased to see that the iron door of the
elevator shaft was closed.

 

 

i ‘ Toprevent the mob of girls crushing up against _

igl in their terror he spurted to reach it before
‘wt em. .

 As he slipped ahead of the girls, one with a
scream threw up her hands and fell forward in a
swoon. ‘

,“Backl” cried Will in ringing tones, as he

_‘ ‘ dropped the cash-box and raised tlie fainting girl
 from the floor. “Back, all of you! There is no
 fire.”

V CHAPTER XII..——In which love and loyalty point
 the way to fame and fortune.

 

_ , His words and resolute attitude had their effect
 in a few minutes, and the operatives began to re-
-icover, from their sudden fright. _ '

'5 ‘ -' He talked soothingly and encouragingly to them,
, and the foreman coming up to help him out, the
girls were induced to return to their machines.
 Will carried Jessie into the dressing-room and

v revived her with applications of cold water.
 " “Oh, Will, Will, save me!” were her first Words
‘on coming to. ' _
i “Brace up; you’re not in any danger,” he replied.
'_ ; .,“Yes, yes, we all are! The factory is aﬁrel” she
. crieiil with a look of terror in her eyes.
 “Don't you believe it., There isn’t any ﬁre nearer
than the engine-room.” . i
3 . Jessie was so badly scared that Will had some
. _;,trouble in convincing her that her fears were
* groundless.
 “Come, now, go and get your pay envelope, for
it’s nearly time to quit for the week.” v

  
  

 

 

   
  

andthen recoverng his cash-box he returned down-
-stairs’ to report to Mr. Bacon what had happened
on-the top ﬂoor. _
V The bookkeeper thanked him for saving his
3 daughter from being trampled on by the terrified
 ' girls and assured him that the superintendent
’ _. would ap reciate his presence of mind in averting
‘a’ panic that might easily have been attended with
1 very, serious results.
‘ ' Up on the top ﬂoor work had stopped for the day
and fthepdresslnguroom was ﬁlled with the girls,
-most of them quite nervous over the late. excite-
Jment. ' '
, V Every one of them felt grateful to Will lieggatt,
-and they could talk of nothing else but his nervy
- "action in their behalf. _
' As Will suspected they would try to make 9.
hereof him when they left the building, he_got
-permission to quit ‘ﬁve gninutes before the whistle
bIew__ at‘ﬁve,’and then he hurried down Main Street
 ‘store. , '

 

    
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
 

 

coupled with the fact that Will, in furnishingthe
ocai editorwvith a narrative‘ ofrthe cow_ardl.vrat_-

,ONLY A FACTORY BOY’ % _ ___,_,
‘tack made on Caleb Jarley on the cliffs, had fde- ~ ‘\ H i

‘old man’s ra-mblin

_ had managed‘ to entice his victim out on the c1_.iﬂ"s'j

Hewent withher as far as the foreman’s desk, ‘

i in» the contents of the box that he and a companion ,

‘ a detective.”
/ «he departure of Curtis ‘Jewell from the village,‘

-V strongly suspect that he is one of the-»me:ti‘wl§

   

clared he would only know the chief ruﬂjian if he
saw him again, put Mr.‘ Scudder at his easeonce
more. I ' . ' ‘ ‘
The wound on Jarley’s head was healing; upin“
good shape, and he was no longer conﬁned tothe
room. ~ - -
He sat around the house or walked outin the_.'
little garden, as the mood seized him, like a person
in a dream. 3 . » *
He talked a good deal about Horace Goodwin,
his daughter who had married Edward Bacon, a
will he was carrying in a tin box, and how careful
he must be of it lest Curtis Jewell get hold, of it, » ~
destroy it, and then get possession of the Goodwin.’ ’
property. .~ U 
He repeated all this over so often that Mr. Bacon
got a pretty clear idea of the situation. -  ,
He readily understood that Horace Goodwin, his  "
father-in—law, had died recently, after making at i 7
new will doing justice to the daughter he had ;ban-"'  
ished from his home nearly eighteen years since. if
This will, it appeared,» he had confided to Caleb. 1 
Jarley for delivery to Edward Bacon, and he had " ‘
come to Roanoke to fulﬁll his mission, carrying'the; ; f 
will in a tin box. ‘ '  "
Having deduced the

 

foregoing facts from the 1' 
talk, Mr. Bacon, in view «of  ~.
the fact that the tin casewas the only thing, that '. 
seemed to have been taken from Jarley’s person"? »
after the assault on the cliﬁs, came to the ‘con-
clusion that the old man’s mission to Roanoke had _ ,
become known to some interested party, presum-
ably Curtis Jewell and that this person had'fol‘- '
lowed Jarley to the village with aniiaccomplice,

 

after dark, and had forcibly taken the case from  :-
his_ person after a desperate struggle, during 
which the old man had been badly hurt. .v ' ' .
After considering the matter from all points, " ~
Mr. Bacon decided that the circumstances justified: . 
him calling the services of a detective into the case. . . '
Accordingly, he took the early Sunday morning ‘
train for Boston. V ,
Will met Jessie after Sunday-school as usual and
accompanied her home. . » i 
‘In answer to his inquiry about Caleb J arley, the-.
girl told him that the ‘old man was improving in,
every way but mentally. " . ' 3
_“However, my‘father has gleaned enough from
his disjointed talk to satisfy him that Mr._ Ja'rley'= :-»
came here to deliver a tin box containing 3 val-' ’
uable document to us,” added Jessie. T ~ ‘ r j  '
“Then you have some evidence to show that the“
old man really had such a. case in his possession
when he was attacked ?”’ said Will. _ " , J
,;tYes,/ , my father is sure of it. He also feels’ce'§r’-‘V
tain that another person was so deeply interested

 
 
  
   
 
    
    
  
  
 

followed Mr. Jarley down‘ here from‘Boston, lured
him out on the c1iifs,'and attacked him for tha-
purpose of getting the case away from him. As 
box is missi the inference is that the rascal se‘-*
cured it. Ifghe reall did, I'm afraid it willlie as .
bad thing for us. ‘ T e matter‘ is so serious. ’ithat"
father went to Boston this morning to consultwith

,“Well, I think the [man who registered at the
hotel as .William Brown’ ought to be lookediafte ' ‘
said Will. “I told you and 'your fatherltha

  

I"

tacked Caleb Jarley. The more I think the matter
over the more I am convinced that'the man I, saw.
at the station the mght of Jarleysarrival, and
'subsequently_enc<_)untered on the cliffs, was W51‘.
liam Brown 1n disguise. _The inquiries he made
about your father, and which he. made. no eﬂ’ortto
avail himself of, add to the evidence against him.

Maybe William Brown wasn’t his real name,

either.” _ , '
 “If he is the man we_suspect, his name 13 Cur-
tis Jewell,” replied J essle. .

“(;ur_tis Jewell, eh ?_ I am satisﬁed that my uncle
is well acquainted with lum. Perhaps _I can ﬁnd
out if this William Brown really 1s Curtis Jewell."
I “It would be very much to our interest to know
if the well-dressed stranger who represented him-

, self as WilliamrBrown is Curtis Jewell,” said J essle
earnestly. .
' ‘ “Then leave the matter to me,” re lied Will in
a; determined tone. “You say if this urtis Jewell
‘got the tin case it would be a bad thing for you?”
“Yes.” ~
“Well, it’s my opinion that neither he nor any-
" body else has it. _ I’ll bet a whole lot that We
' down at the bottom of the rift." ‘
~ .“That is just as bad for us as if he had got it
and destroyed the will that we believe is inside of
' H . .

 

 

1., “The tin box contained a will, did it?’f said the
‘boy in an interested tone. . _ _ .
“I did not miearll) to. tell thlat,” said J§ss1e1,‘lookm%
’ a. bit con use , “ ecause— ecause 3. am Y Secre
. is ‘connected with it.” . ‘
‘ “Oh, well, you needn’t mind‘ me, Jessie. You
5 know Ithink too much of you to breathe.»a word of .
. anything that passes between us. You know,th_at,
don't you?” he said, taking her hand and putting
his other arm’ around her waist. “You _must_kn0W
[that I think more of you than any one elsein the
world. ‘ I have often wished you were my sister;
but lately I have changed my mind about that. If
you were my sister I’d lose you some time. Some

   
   
   

 "always, for I love you very dearly. Do you believe
me . .
' ."»‘,‘Yes," lshesaid after a muse, turning her head
X am y. I .  ‘
~ “?l)o you care for me 1n the same way? I’m! only
a factory boy, though I have been advanced to the
7 hfﬁce, but I mean to be something better than an
, 051-djnary workman by and by.  mean to rise in
7the world, and when I do I’m"g01n8‘ .t0»aSk Y011 50,
 be my wife—-that is, if you care enough fpr me to
ivy'a,it_ _. Do you love me enough to wait tor me?”
'1 He pressed her gently '00 him-
, “What’s your answer,,dear?” _ _ A \
' ‘z -‘ “It is ‘yes,’ for I love you, W1ll,‘w1th all. my
2 ' . .
J : heart, and I never Wlll,_C3.1‘e for anybody else but
. you. . ' _ ,
 Then they sealed their. ownbethrothal with ‘a

.1,‘

1  "‘1§or‘some time after that the tin case, and every-
 else, was forgotten in the new bliss that
jﬁlllg their young hearts, as theywalked along the
__cliﬂ’ path. - f it
"Finally Jessie said: 7 2 3 .\ A
 am sure it will be -right for me to tell you our
-: ftmily sto in order thatyou may understand
‘ow mnchvllhpends ,on~»the4cr‘>ntents of the t_in.b,ox.

   

     

J om “A FACTORY Boy

‘ the liberal allowance grandfather was giving him,

7 other fellow would take you away- NOW I Want ~
to take you away myself some day and keep you .

 

 

‘1.'

  Iii‘. . 1
that poor old Caleb J arley was bringing to/us when ‘

he was struck down in such a cowardly manner.” I J;
“I don't askyou to tell me, dear. I don’t want "

. u

to pry into your private affairs.” .
“As you have asked me to be yourwife some

 

'day, and I have promised to marry you whenever. ‘

you‘a.re ready to take me, I feel that there can be 
no harm in telling you how my father won and , "
married my mother against my grandfather‘s  .
wishes, and how poor mother was cast-oﬂ and 2,
disinherited in consequence, and died without’ see- '3'.
ing or hearing from her father agan.”  
Seated on a green turfy patch of ground under. 
the shadow of Storm Stone Rock, with the sun—, '
shine sifting through her golden hair, and the
placid surface of the broad Atlantic sparkling be; I,
fore them, Jessie told Will the story of a brave _
little woman’s devotion to, and sacrifice for, the . .
man she loved better than all the world besides. ;
It would have been a sad story but for./the 
loyalty and love the man gave to the woman who V -
hgg given up fortune and social position for his
s e. - . . . ».
Will never said a word during the entire recitafl. I
but when Jessie bowed her head and wept as she ‘ V
recounted the trials her father and.mother.we,ut+ '
through because fortune took sides against them; 
he put his arms around her, kissed her quivering j’ ‘
lips and comforted her as best he knew how. ‘ .
“Years went by and mother learned that grand.-
father had taken her only cousin, Curtis Jewell,“
into his home and made him his heir,” went on,
Jessie. “After .a. time father found out that Mr.
Jewell was leading a fast life on the strength’ of\ =

    
   
  
 
  
   
 

and he often-—wondered how my grandfather stood _
for it. He could only account for it on the sufppoe’
sition that his father-in-law was notaware o the .
true facts. Finally mother took sick and died,
that almost broke father’s heart. ‘ Only that
had me to care for, who he said was the living ‘ _ -
age of mother when he married her, it is hard to
say how he would have borne up under the bitter.
blow., A year later we moved down here, when '4
the knitting mill was built and put in ope ation,
and here we have been. with my aunt for onse-
keeper, ever since." I 3 ~ 
“I think I can ﬁnish your story myself," ‘said’
Will. as Jessie paused. “Yo_ur—grandfather found
out at last the true character of Curtisxlewell, and
his, heart turn-ed‘ backto yourmother, as l'l8'I.‘8R17
ized he had not treated her fairly, and was being
punished for it through the undeservingnepheiraf
he had made his heir. Feeling may be that he was
near his end he made a. new will in favor of you; ‘
mother, gave it in charge of Caleb Jarley, and
told him to deliver it as soon as he was deadiintu
your father’s hands. Curtis Jewell, however,
found this fact out,'and not wanting to lose his,
hold on his uncle’s wealth, he watched the oldma '

‘ closely, and as soon as he found that heqwas com-

ing down here he preceded him by a dayor two so’ is
as to look. over the ground and complete his plans

for getting the will away from themessenger:-"'A.s

a precautionary measure he signed the ﬁctitio
name of William Brown on the hotel registe
that his connection with the case. might not jafte .,
ward, be suspected.’ Then he took advantage 
an old acquaintanceship with my uncle,.Mr. Sc1}'¢l«‘

     

'der, and through some hold he zna_y_ have on-:

   

.;;2‘o‘"

‘ he compelled my uncle to help ‘him out in his
scheme.” , _
. ,“Why,.Will, surely Mr. Scudder has had nothing
’ to do wit ” _
 ,, f‘I am sorry to say that he had. I will tell you
' a,secret that you must not breathe even to your
[father till Ivgive you permission. Mr. Scudder was
one,of the two men who assaulted Caleb Jarley on
:. the cliffs. I rebognized him, but have kept the
' knowledge to myself. Mr. Scudder hims_elf”does
xnot suspect that I am aware of his rascality.
 ~. “Oh, Will, is that really true?” cried the as-
, _ tonished girl. _
‘ ’ .. “It is true. There is no doubt whatever now in
.l11v mind that William Brown is not only Curtis
' Jewell but the man who struck down Caleb J arley.
' He ‘had the tin case in his hand when I came up.
‘ ‘Startled by my sudden appearance on the scene,
'1' “he dropped it, and it fell into the rift, and there it
lies now at the bottom with the will, which means
so much to you, in it. Jessie, I am going to recover
 that case at any risk for your sake.” ,
. ~ ; “No, no, Will, you must not venture down
there!” the girl cried, throwing her arms around
. “the boy she loved. “Indeed you must not! It is
 .,too dangerous!” ’ ' . _
   -“It may not be as dangerous as you think with
” » the help of a rope.” _
c , “But if it is under the water you neverpwill be
able to recover it.” . _ ” _ _
« " T i“ I have heard that everything is possibleito him
7 ‘ who has the will to contrive and the power to ex-
’, ' ecute. I have the will, Whether I have the power‘
‘ remains to be seen. If your mother loved your
 father so that she unhesitatingly sacriﬁced. a for-
‘tjune for him, should I hesitate when the chance
"‘oﬁ‘ers for me to regain that fortune for you even
’ at’a risk? No; I have given you my love, Jessie,
~ and my life is equally at your service.’ .
_ “Will, Will, you're the best and dearegit b_0y In
. all the world; but you must not risk your life in the
 —' rift even for my sake,” she cried tearfully. .
  Will looked into her streaming eyes and kissed
"her trembling lps. _ _ _ . V
 ’ f he needed inspiration for his perilous venture
‘ l‘, he found it in her lovely face, so her words were
"ot heeded by him. _
‘ He had determined on his course, and would put
.’.it through at any hazard. ~

 

  
    

 

   
 
 
  
  
  
   
    

‘KCVHAPTER XIII».——How Will Finds the_Tin Case
‘  " . and Something Else as Well. ‘

. Two hours later Will and his chum Joe Rylance
‘stood under the shadow of Storm Stone Rock, the
' I former prepared to undertake his risky adventure,
" , , and the latter ready to help him'out to the best of
’l,iis',ability. ,

[Will carried a rope long enough to reach, from
the top of the rift to the surface of the ‘water
ibelow, while. Joe carried a heavy iron wedge and
, ‘small sledge~hainmer. The boys had paused to
,_put knots, into. the'rop‘e at a distance of a yard
‘:1 “art. They‘ soon found a crevice in the rocks
"W ere thewedge could be driven in and counted
upon, to hold tight. As soon as this part of

 

 

 

“Hon, he?’ tied one end of’ the rope securely to the
nwwedge and then threw the rope itself down
" othe rift, where, it dangled within an inch of

 

oNLY A irliloroiiri sort

. of brass.

‘the box which folded into an indentation in the

"dark green color, and opaque, and its depth’even'.

ithélwork had been completed to. Will's satisfac— '

   

 

the surface of the water, which was at low tide?’ '
Will then knelt down and lowered himself over . .
the edge of the‘ rift. As his head disappeared
over the edge, and the rope shivered under the V
weight of the descending body, Jessie came’ bound-‘
ing up to the spot, her face showing the anxiety, 
she felt over the outcome of her boy lover’s'
venture. ~ _ ' '
“Joe, Joe, I’m so nervous!” she cried. , ~ I ?
“Cut it out, Jess. Willis going down and’ it 
'Won’t do any good to make any squeal over it.” ': 
“Oh, dear! If he should fall he’d be killed!” _
“I'll gamble on it he won’t tell. The rope is _; ._
knotted all the way down. He can’t fall as long‘-*
as he holds on, and I’ll bet he won't take any 
more chances than he can’ help. Take a look at C ’
him. He’s swinging as gracefully as a circus 5 7'
performer.” Jessie, with her heart in her mou1:li','  ,'
ventured to look down. Some awful stories had’  
been told about the perilous character of the rift. '
The dangers of, the rift, however, were much ex-7 .
aggerated, but ‘at the best it was a bad place to ,3
monkey about in. ' ‘ -
Will kept on going down, fending himself off 
from the sharp rocks, and looking around sharply
on the chance that the tin case might have lodged."
on some shelf not visible from above. ‘ The rocks " ~
were bare all about him, and there was nothing ~" h
for him to do but keep right on. At length his w *
bare feet» touched the water, for he had removed  H
his shoes and stockings before starting, and then‘
he swung himself on to a ledge and knelt; down,
In that position his eyes came on a level with an 
aperture in the side of the rift, and a gleam of‘ ..3 ’-'
sunshine iercing the chasm reﬂected from a wet‘ '
rock at tllie‘ water’s edge glistened upon a, piecei  ,

  

“I wonder what that is?” thought W:ill.. cit“ “ ’
looks like a brass-bound box.” He put ‘his hand
into the hole and pulled the thing out. It was a f
small brass-bound oak box. ' ~ ~ ,  

“Here's a find. I wonder what’s in it? Can’t,. ’ 
be a great deal, for it feels light. It’s a ﬁne: -,2‘
looking box, though the shine it all off it.- Pm , 
going to freeze on to it. Funny how it came
to be stowed away in that hole just above high-Z
water mark. _ I _don’t see how any one wou1d,ta,1;‘e,_
the trouble to climb down here to hide it. Possibly-
the person rowed here in a boat, but he was taking‘,
chances doin it. Maybe it’s a ‘quantity of stolen-’
money in bi ls. If the bills were large enough
you could stow ‘a fortune in ‘this’ ‘box. Well, I’ve.’_,
got ‘no time to ﬁgure what it contains. I'll just
tie it to the end of the rope and then. attend —
to the business that brought me down here.” ‘ .

There was a ﬂat brassiliandle at each end ."of~

 

   
   
    
   
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
   
   
 
    
 

wood made to receive it, and Will passed the
end of the rope through one of them and made it
fast. Then he turned his attention once, more-‘to
the recovery of the tin case.‘ If it was anywhere‘:
it was down in the water. As the water was a’

at present low tide was unknown ,to’Will, it .1ookéd_
like a hopeless job to expect to find anythi 
lying on the bottom’ of the rift. The boy lookldg

down into it with a rueful stare. , _ ,
“If I knew the exact spot where the caseféll‘
in. it.wouldn’t be such a—‘wild-goose chase;"Jz1it
I ha_ven’t the least idea. It’s like huntiiig‘for.'f
needle in.a haystack togolilown into the ,wat4;i

   

 .1,

; and feel around for it, supposing there is a little

‘ undertow to-day to make the experiment danger-

ous. I wonder how deep it is now? ”At high

'water the tide_ comes _up to this P01“, and he

1ooked at a clinging line of sea-weed upon the

rocks. “When tl'my"=’s a gale on it news" ]"l‘0 fl":

_ chasm like it would into the mouth of a funnel.

Will saw a piece of wood that had been w_ash—

. ed in from the sea and taken lodgment in a

crevice. It was all of sex feet long, and the

factory lad thought he would get it and try to

~ ascertain the depth of the water with it. _ So he

' V crept from rock to rock with. great caution till

he got near enoughto reach the end of the wood.

w As he started to lift it he saw something

 glisteningbetween it and the rocky wall of the

rift. Creeping closer he reached over and grasp-

, .'-«ed it. It was a thin, oblong, Japanned tin case.

. .Will uttered a shout of satisfaction,’for this must
 surely be the box he had come after.‘

CHAPTER XIV.——In Which Good Fortune‘
V’ Comes to Jessie.

. “Talk about luck!” he breathed. “This beats

.' ' "the deck. I never would have looked behind that
V : piece of wood for the case. If I hadn't come after

' the wood to use it for testing the depth. of the
water with, the tin case might have remained
"rhidden there indeﬁnitely. Won’t Jessie and_ her
' father be pleased to death to get it? This is

 

I’  where I have put a spoke in Curtis Jewell's‘

A “wheel, and saved a fortune for the ii-n_e'st girl in
all the “world.” With the same caution as _be-
. fore Will made his way back to the hanging
I0 .
 , .' }I)-Ieis mission had been triumphantly_successful,,
‘ . and he climbed up with a happy heart. Although
A both Joe and Jessie looked down constntly dur-
ing the time Will was in the depths of the rift,
they only caught an occasional and partial view
. bf him owing to an overhanging shelf of rock. At
length the quivering of the rope-‘showed that he
was c'o_ming_ up. ~‘ _ _ v. . .
Jessie waited with anxious impatience for him
to reach the top, not that she had any’ great ex-
ectations of his .having found the precious case,
but because she was much worried over his stay
below. As Will stuck his head above the ad e
of [the rift J oeextended a “hand to him and pul -
ed him up the rest of the way. - ’. _ _
 vgpm so glad you've come up,’ said Jessie
' estl . n V
ea‘!PVVhy,y you didn't expect I'd stay down there
indeﬁnitely, «did you?" chuckled Will. ’
'-‘-‘Well, you didn’t see any trace of the case,
- . on ' “
““?«1"3‘ld' .::*.::“-
self,” he answered.
‘ . “Will Leggattr V011
,cre'dulousl'y.

  
 
  
   
   
   
     
  
  
   
      
      

didn't!" she screamed in-

ﬁaslied‘ the oblong box before her eyes. Jessie
’uttered_ a little" shriekl of delight as Will placed
.tlieﬂcase in her, hands. _ ,
‘presence, she threw her arms around W111 s neck
rapetitkissed himjtwice on the lips.

j-.'flS[qw "I’m_ going, ,to,,p1111: up {HY

‘gel’ "sax

own prize
d._tl1e "factory, rho!/. h. ' 4 '

      
  

 ONl'..Y A FACTORY Boy

. of those for whom it. was evidently intended,'aii

than that-—I found the case it- .

'.‘.‘Didn’t I?‘ ,What do you call that?” and he,

Disregarding J oe’s ‘

' -ment as tlte c_lever‘est detective on t 
~' both entered the ,Roanoke I-louse ’bus» and ‘_awe;§4.;« '

 

;“What do you mean by that?” asked Joe, sornef“
what puzzle . ' . ‘ V _» “
“Wait till you see what I found down there,”' >

replied Will, hauling up the line slowly and care-
fully, lest he shake the brass—bound box off the
rope. In a few minutes he landed» it on the rocks, V '~_.
an lobject of great curiosity to both Joe and the ,
ir. . .
“Where did you ﬁnd it?” asked Joe. “It looks, v .
-as if it held something of value." 7
“I found it in a hole in the rock just above
liigh—water mark,” replied Will, coiling up they ';
line which had done him such good service. “Take 
the hammer, Joe, and knock out the wedge. Mr. 
Scudder would have a fit if I -failed to return it’
to the store, though it isn't worth anything to
speak of.” The wedge was removed from the-\
crevice and then the trio took up their ma.rch_, '7":
for the cottage. On theirarival Jessie wanted;-"‘
them to remain for tea, but they declined the
invitation, Will promising to call later if nothing
prevented. During their walk back to the village, A,
the two boys speculated as to the contents of‘;
the brass—bo_und box. — 
“How are you going to open it, Will?” Joe 7.",
asked. “It would be a pity to smash it, for it's_ 
a valuable box, though somewhatold-fashioned.’
If it was revarnished and polished it would look-
good enough for a king’s drawing-room.'' ’
“Higgings, the locksmith, will probably be able"
to open it with some of his tools," replied Will.
“I shouldn’t care to break or deface it just to
«get at the contents in a hurry, for the box may ‘ »
be a great deal more valuable than what 
inside." — i ,7 
“Oh, nobody would put valueless things“in'tb,_ '_.
a box of that kind.” said ‘Joe. “It is either Sl1l'("‘ ;
to contain gold or silver, or even jewelry of any ‘ "
Weight, or it contains valuable documents, like.
bonds, stocks, or legal documents. In fact, it
is my opinion that it contains papers of value to‘?
no one but the owner and not money at all.
Will was of the same opinion, too, but as lon as‘,
he did not know he entertained a covert kin :0
hope that he would make something. out of ‘his’
prize. . H -

They parted outside the store and Will carried}
the box to his room without being observed b
either 'Mrs. Watts or his uncle. He locked itupv:
in histrunk and returned downstairs. Now that.
the tin case had found its way into the

 

   
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
    
   

 

he was fully satisﬁed, after hearing J essie’s story
that the stranger who had registered at the ho ‘ T
as Brown was really Curtis Jewel, Will-recon
sidered his intention of forcing the truth from
Mr. Scudder by threatening to expose him as the:
accomplice of the well-"dressed rascal., 
“I’l1 keep that advantage in reserve and'~usfe i
to make my uncle tell the truth about my fath"
as soon as I get ready for business, which
be pretty soon,”_ said Will to himself, as he walk- .
ed into the sittmg—room and found the tablepse
_ '- _After the meal he started for the 515.,
tion on lus wheel to “get tliesuiiday night mail.
When the train roll in, the onlypersons‘ »vv'"liov
alighted. were Mr. Bacon and a-small. 'alert—lo®k
ing «' man, known to, the Boston’. olice up

two.

e forge-.,  2e _

drivento the; village, followed’ by wiiiiwith 

    

"22l

’.

‘:mail—bag.. Mr. Bacon. left the sleuth at the hotel

, and went home, where a great surprise awaited

Khim, as the reader knows. Jessie met him at the
door and entered the sitting-room on hisarm.

v "I've set the ball rolling, Jessie, and I have
strong hopes, with the evidence that Will Leg-
gatt can furnish, to catch Curtis Jewell in a trap
that will land him i the State prison. but if he
has destroyed the ill, he probably took from
Caleb Jarley, we will be forced into a long and

J  ONLY A mcsmy BOY

expensive fight to establish your claim to your-

" grandfathers property.” ~
. a “Can you stand a big surprise, father?” asked
Jessie with d-ancing eyes. .
“A big surprise! What do you mean?”
~ “I mean that Curtis Jewell did not get grand-
’father’s will after all.” v . '
 , ' “How do‘you know he didn’t?” said Mr. Bacon,
‘  looking hard at his daughter.
 “Will was right when he said that the tin
;h,icase ‘fell into the rift.”
/ ‘* “What makes you so sure of it?” 4
“Because Will went down into the rift this
afternoon and found it. Here it is.” She placed
the unopened case in her father’s hands as she
.- ‘spoke, and he stared at it like one who is not
‘ sure of the evidence of his own eyes. .
 “My goodness, Jessie!” ejaculated her father.
V "‘“Is this really the case?” . T l
,f .j ~“I am sure it is, for Will brought it up out
 of the rift. Open it and see if the will isinside.
'21 was tempted to do that ﬁfty times, but I
‘thought it was right you should be the ﬁrst to
examine it." The cover was held close by two
' small clasps, easily moved, and Mr. Bacon 0 ened
. the case and found therein what he expe ted——-_
‘ the last-will and testament of Horace Goodwin.
' g “It is your 'grandfather’s will,” said the book«
‘ keeper, unfolding the document with emotion and
,, excitement combined. It was not lengthy, and
 was properly executed and witnessed according
to law, one of the witnesses being Caleb Jarley.
 . It left the bulk of Mr. Goodwin’s wealth to his
‘discarded -daughter, or, if she was dead to her
issue, if any. In the’ event that she had no
" cliildren it was to be divided between certain
W charitable societies, the names of which were
, mentioned. . - '
3 To his’ nephew, Curtis Jewell, the sum of $1,006
was bequeathed; To Caleb Jarley, $10,000, in con-
sideration of faithful services and companionship,
and to household servants and various old busi-
iiess employees different sums. A clause was in-
serted, evidently aimed at Curtis Jewell, that any
“beneﬁciary contesting the will was to lose the
amount of his bequest. After Mr. Bacon had
familiarized himself with its contents he turned
to his daughter and said: "
.“I congratulate you, Jessie, my dear child. You
are now an heiress.”
«“I am glad for your sake, father; but do not
forget we owe all ‘this to Wi1l—the best, the
truest boy in all ,the.world.” 2

 

 

  

    
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
   

 

 

 XV.-—~In Which it is Hoped Every-
s -—;thVing_Ends to the Satisfaction of the Reader.

Next mornirig Jessie did not show. up at the



.,,

actory, and Will, after looking up the. road and ,,
' no sign» of her, closed the gate ahd marked _ p _ _ V
against her name. He had intended, going . W111 anx1ou'sly,“,for as Mr. Scudderwjds.“not‘

“as I live, or Jessie either.” Soon after the super-

terested in the _disappearance of Horace Good»?

  

out to the Bacon cottage, after bringing the mails ‘a
bag to the post—oﬂice the eveningbefore, but ' 1
when he reached the store he found rs. Watts“ 1 
in a state of trouble and] excitement. Mr., Scude _; .
der had been stricken with a. suddenillness, and 1; '
lay unconscious on, the lounge in the sitting—room.'  r "
The housekeeper -had been anxiously awaiting
Will’s return to send him'for a doctor. The
physician, when he arrived, declared that the
post-‘master was suffering from a stroke of par-
alysis, and ordered him to bed. Will got"a%neigh— _ N
bor to°help him carry his uncle up to his chem-_  _
ber and put» him to bed, and then he and the 
housekeeper watched him by turns during the in *
night; When Mr. Scudder recovered his senses ‘
he was unable to move in bed, as his entire right
side was numb and useless to him, and he looked ,
like a ghost of himself. _ . —;, -*
_Mrs. Watts said she would look after him dur;
ing-the day, so Will started for the factory at, ..
the usual time. When Mr. Bacon reached his
desk he told Will that Jessie had quit work at the'-:".;
Mill for good, as here was no longer any necesé ',
sity for her to make her living, since through ~. 1:.
the terms of. her grandfather’s will she was an i 
heiress. The bookkeeper thanked the factory boy .
in feeling terms for risking his life in the rift to >
recover the tin case that meant so much to’ 
daughter. - ' ~ V ‘
“You sha’nt loseanything by it, my lad,” be
“You will never lack a friend as long.

  

   
  
  

continued.

intendent arrived he called Will ‘into his ofﬁce".
and complimented him ‘on his conduct Saturday’
afternoon in stopping the panic among the girls
on the third ﬂoor. I V * '
He said he would lay the matterbefore, they.;'[
Eresident of the company, and he did not doubt 
ut that his conduct would be suitably recognized. .
When Will came into the counting-room again}
Mr. Bacon told him that the detective he had
brought down with him from Boston the evening “
before had called to have a talk with him about  ~
the attack on Caleb Jarley and other matters’,
that appeared to have a bearing on the outrage.
He then introduced the boy to the detective; .\,§
Thesleuth asked Will to. walk out into the yar;l,.3
and there he listened to the boy’s story of what
happened on the cliffs on Saturday night a‘ week,’
before.. Will added all his suspicions about the
wel1_dressed stranger who had registered at tlie:
hotel under the name of William Brown, 'and
described what p d between him and the vsaidt
Brown at their t 3‘-gbrief interviews.  " ‘
“That man -is Curtis Jewell, or I’ am very much
mistaken,” concluded Will. L  
“What leads ‘you to suppose so?” asked the
detective quietly, who, having heard certain facts’
from Mr.’ Bacon, was quite satisﬁed on that point‘;
himself. , ' ' = ' :2”
“Because I know he is the personﬁrnost,”

 

 

 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
   
   

win’s will. ‘Now that you have the m’otive‘yT6u;.,
ought to be able to work] up a ._case against‘.
Jewell." The detective, having got all he wazi;-p.
ed out of Will, went in and saw, Mr. Bacon,».‘a‘ftér
which he took an afternoon train back for Bos'to1:r;.Z'
When Will gotlhome that afternoon he found the ‘
his uncle was about the same. . . .2

“Did the doctor say‘that hemight‘ [die '1” aslre’

   V i ONLY A FACTORY BOY '‘

to talk he regarded it as a misfortune to himself

if the postmaster should pass away ,With°“t.

‘ f th 1' ht n his father;
thr‘(il:ns%i:1lni:{hat1rMi?.r Sigiddeor would in all prob-
V ability recover from this attack in time, though
he never would .be the same man he was before
‘ the stroke,” replied Mrs.- Watts. After bringing‘
the mail from the station and distributing it.
'1‘ will left the store in charge of Billy Bray and
icariried the brass—bound oak box to the little store
, of Higgiiigs, the locksmith. _ ' _ _ ._
_- ~‘ It was soon opened. That night, in his room, he
' ' -examined thelcontents. A piece of the newsP‘<1P91'
7 ~lay on top. _ . V.
=FUnderneath lay a pile of documents tied with
_ ' a piece of red tape-_ '1,:h€_1'e W3? nothing else 1“
 the box, much to Will’s disappointment. He un-
, tiedthe tape and looked at the_wr1ting on the
  backs of the different papers, which were doubly
‘Wseaied with big /dabs of red’ wax, on each of
which was imprinted an official seal that gave
’ ' ‘t t l k. ‘
'th5'i1h£Z3.iiriii3girai‘o bgoofﬁcial documents, all right,”
said Will to himself, “but blessed ' I can make
.ll€8.Ll or tail out of them -from w at is on ,the
' backs.” After pondering over them for a while
"he laid them down and picked up the folded_news-
“ /paper“ ,1‘, was dated a year back, and in the
 middle of the first page was a column article with
a large “scare heading” that was marked With
, blue pencil at the‘ top and bottom. _
—, .v 5 ' ‘_‘I wonder if this has anything to do with the
 box?” Will breathed. The only way_ to ﬁnd out
,4 was by reading it, so Will started in to do so.
" In a few. minutes he was deeply interested in the
i newspaper story, which, he discovered, was vitally
 connected with the brass—bound box and its con»
r . t t. T - ‘
‘ mltswas the report of the theft of State Depart-
ment papers of the utmost importance to the
"United States Government. and-_vinci'dental1y to
another nation as well. The disappearance of
’ "these papers threatened grave complications, and

 

 

 

   
      
     
   
   
  

{the American Government. A dozen secret

"service menwere looking for the box, as well

' C as the man who had stolen it, whose identity was
"hinted at but not disclosed. , '

  
         
        
  
  

fiwas a very important matter, and he decided to
take counsel with Mr. Bacon at once. Taking the
"box under hisarm he started for the cottage,

  
   
  

.,—I-Ie told the bookkeeper that he wanted‘ to see him
(about, a very important__ matter, so Mr, Bacon
/,,_ishereLl him into the sitting-room and. closed the
~door‘._*I‘he boy ‘then showed‘ him the b'r'ass—bound

4 ’ ' th ‘ft h'le hu ting for the tin case.‘
"£wnd‘m oitrlthewnbwspager, Will handed it to
eeperand asked him toiread the marked
Mr. Bacon did so, and then‘ the boy told

  

        
      
        
    
  
   

  

him the V
/been sto en from the Government, and about
‘Which such a time hadbeen made. After assur-
ng -himself that Wi,l1‘_had ‘spoken nothing but
he truth, Mr. Bacon said that the ﬁnding of the
[documents wasbound to make him a famous boy,
(1 probably‘  him a llarsemonetalryy 1¢ecos,n_1-3,

  

    
   

   
  

  
       

apers in the box were those that had

"the possible monetary. loss of many millions to.

c

‘where his late visit occasioned not a little surprise-‘

hex which Jessie had already told him will had 4

 i «it .1) art ‘t., T .
  ’ei)Ii'athri1se1ir:atter_in. vour: [fl-(L

       

‘of and then departed. A few days later the entire  ii I

’- practically became famous in a day. But’ he also

will easily saw that ihiswﬁscovery of the__b0X ___'Brown were well founded, and’ that Curtis Jewel '

— older. He was then owner and president '0

, ‘Next week’s3issue.wil'l:contain’“FOX  .
. ''BR0K’'ERS';' or,‘ THE,Y0‘U_1§G"M,_ONE-Y- l

terest, Will, and will communicate with Washing-
ton at once,” he said. A I ..

“All right,” replied the boy, rising and taking 
his leave. Three days later the afternoon train
brought a‘ secret service manto Roanoke. He
called on Mr. Bacon immediately and presented
an oﬁicial letter from the Department of State
requesting him to turn the brass-bound box over~”‘
to the messenger. This was done, and then. the 
man asked to be introduced to Will Leggatt. Will, - 
told him the story of the ﬁnding of the box; told
him why he had opened it, but assured him that
he had not attempted to pry into the nature of .
the papers. .

The man told him that he would be. taken care

  

   
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
  

press of the country published an account of the .,
recovery of the missing official papers by ,Will.».
Leggatt, of Roanoke village, Mass. Thus ‘Will "

got something more tangible than mere reputa-
tion, -for the Government sent him a reward of
$50,000, which made him a rich boy. . '-

Before he got the money, however, he found;
out that he was heir’ to a third-interest ii1,a
Colorado ‘gold and silver mine, the dividends of
which Mr. Scudder had been receiving for abou
ten years, and hoarding up in his strong—boxl;i-
his bedroom. This discovery came about throng
a letter addressed to his uncle, marked impoi-ta‘nat,‘~z
which Will had taken the liberty to open because"
Mr. Scudder was in no shape to do, so ’himself.—
The letter contained an offer from a Western‘
capitalist for Will's interest in the mine.  

Will showed the letter to Mr. Bacon, who at
once took charge of the boy’s interests, ascer-
tained, that the offer was a good one, and closed
with it in Mr. Scudder’s name. As soon as the
postmaster was able to be around again he was’-
subjected to ‘a third degree interview by 'Mr.
Bacon and Will, and compelled .to own‘ up that
he had been using the boy’s inheritance for hi.
own personal advantage. Will told him then that ,-
he had recognized him that night on the cliflisiu
the companionship‘ of the disgraced Curtis .Ieweil,.
alias William Brown. and on condition of keep
ing. the matter quiet Mr. Scudder signed a state-
ment admitting that the boy's suspicions-about

   
 
       
   

  
  
 

    

was an old acquaintance, ~- , ._.-\ _

In the meanwhile Jewell had got a lawyer fix).
probate the‘origina1- will, but before many day
elapsed he was arrestedron the charge of don
spiracy and murderous assault on Caleb Jarlefy
Such*a strong case was made out against him
that he pleaded guilt nd threw himself any '
mercy of the court... ’ Bacon askedt
he be treated with leniency, and so the jud ' i‘~*«_
handed him out the minimum sentence andf '
went to prison for two years. »- » *

Ultimately the Goodwin wealth passed into ;
Bacon’s'hands in trust for his daughter, who're-
ceived it on the day of her marriage to Will Leg .
gatt, when she was twenty-one and he a

 
  
  
   
   
 
    
      
    
     
  

Roanoke ,Ki'iitting Mill, in which establishmén
had once been “only afactory boy.” i »

ERSi‘OF-V_YfALlg S_'l‘l%E_ET '2'

  
 

   

  

we TURNED AWAY
' — on —'
A BOY IN SEARCH OF HIS NAME

 

By" GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

V CHAPTER I.
The Beginning Of The Trouble.

 3 j “I say, fellows, here comes that silly .Tom
"Brown. Let’s have some fun with him.” _
 , ‘,‘Yes, lets’ make him dance and sing for us.”
. _ “That’ll‘be great sport. Come on, let’s get him
rattled.” , ; ~ ' I ,
Four well-dressed boys, ranging in age from
. sixteen to eighteen years, stood on a corner in a
seacoast town in New England.

 

  

They were all sons of rich men, and the leader, I

Harold Wintringham, was the spoiled child of the
» ’ . richest of them. ~
" His father ‘owned half the town, was president
(It the local bank, and had other interests. 7
/ He had a ﬁne mansion in Wave Crest, and an-
« other in Boston, where he lived in Winter.

  

\ ‘ V ,_ Harold was his only child, and had been petted ,

f U and spoiled till now he was impudent, arrogant

to ; and selﬁsh. But his father was blind to his faults

_ and built all his honor on the boy.

 The boys were all smoking cigarettes when
Harold attracted their attention to a boy coining

, I along the street, trundling a wheelbarrow full of
" garden truck, . .

Y His name was Tom.-Brown, he was poor, an or-

 

 

i aculties. _, _ , ‘V -
,j_~, ‘ "Theythrew away their cigarettes as Tom,ap—
"i roached, and‘ one of them, Glaude Worthington
,. ‘ gyiname, reeled against [the poor ‘..boy, in a manner
._ to make him lose his grip on the ‘barrow h_and1e_s,
~ fsothat it was upset and the contents Spllled in
thestreet. _ I W
I Cabbages, turnips, potatoes and other vege-
 tables began to roll in the dust, to Tom’s dismay,
and, then, as he began to gather them up, the
 boys only added to his troubles. by kicking the
 things about. « s '
“l',t’s a perfect shame to treat a poor boy that
way,” said a young girl on the opposite corner,
who ‘had witnessed thepaifair. _ ' _
’ Harold kicked a clean, white cabbage into a,
uddle ofimuddy water atithe foot‘of the pump}
; -laude, sent a lot of nice potatoes _rolling in the
dust, and the others performed similar acts.
,. At last the poor boy, angered by his tormentors,
and utterly reckless of consequences,‘ picked up a
stone and hurled it at random at the boys.
< ‘It struck Harold on the side of the cheek, make
an: ugly gash, drew blood, and caused the boy to
cry out with pain. . V I , ”
. ~ff.‘Let’s duck. the fool!” he cried. “,That’ll teach
‘him better manners. Come on, let’s duck» him!” —
The four jspranguponthevhalf-witted boy and
s ged himto the pum i

p. I * L.
, role, and Claude held his. head under the

 
    
  
   
    
  
   
 
  

      

 phan, and not in the full possession of his mental

     

FAME A./AND FORTUNE WEEKLY   Y 

i

spent while the other two boys. seized the pump-;[ '
handleand began to deal sturdy, strokes which “~ '
sent the water gushing forth in a‘pei'fect ﬂood.— . '-

Not more than one good draught had struck ,‘ a

the poor fellow, however, before‘ a‘ handsome, man-
ly boy of seventeen, wearing a suit of blue ﬁan-

nel, and a neat straw hat, came hurrying across 4;, ~

the street.

“You brutes, you ought to be ashamed /of yours I  1
selves!” he cried as he sprang ‘upon the two hold~' «; 1

ing Tom Brown. V

He struck I-Iaroldv” on the forehead, pushed . t
Claude so that he fell on his back in a puddle, and
then pulled Tom away.. ' p —  

I-Iaven’t you anything better to do than to abuse ‘ I

Brown? - Four of you,‘ 
amed, you cow-ards,!”,  ;. '-
.Harold was older, and stronger thanTthe»new-  -

a poor, silly boys like To
too! You ought t6 be a

comer, and he now said, blusteringlyr

“You mind your own business, Cliff Howard. 
The fool threw’ a stone at me, and I ducked him« 
forﬂit. I’ll do thesame to you if you donjt ‘shut’  2

11

been some reason for it,” said Clifton Howard,"_a_.s,
he was called. “He never attacks any one unless

he is set upon, and you know it.”

The young lady on the opposite corner now‘?

hurried across and said:

/ , 2
» . “The poor boycdid throw a stone, butthese m£,.:_ . V
ﬁans first tormented him, upset"his,,barrow,’ and V  '
began kicking -and throwing his vegetables all
about. ' I was on the other corner and saw the
whole thing,‘ and I think it was a perfect sha‘mfe.;‘

The poor boy served them just right.” ‘

Harold, Wintring‘ham’s face turned a yivid red, »
and he stared in amazement at the young. girl, 
who was dressed all in white, even ‘to her, shoes‘, —‘
- and carried a white parasol. , ’ ._ n 

The girl’ was a stranger in the place, and none:
of the four rich young fellows had seen"h'er before»

Clif had seen her at the hotel that morning,

when she arrived with her father, who was old?-'
and somewhat. feeble, but he did not know her;

name.

“Well, suppose I‘ cl-id?” sneered Harold, in Ian‘-ii
swer to the girl’s bold statement of facts, «"Can,’,l:*,

I have a little fun if I like? Ain’t I able to pay
for his rotten vegetables? I was only‘ ‘having
some fun with him, and“ he didn’t need to get, nest’
about it. ’I’ll duck him again if I choose.” ' I *

 

“You're a brute and a loafer!” said the vigirlii
hotly, “and if you’re a sample of the young men " ,;

the town,’ I don’t want to see any more of them.
Just a little fun!
yourself!” ’

“I haven’t any time to Wasteoi/1 girls,”-\s‘aii3!r'
Harold, rudely. , “Who are you, anyway?  nievei-;'

saw you before.” '

“Harold Wintringham,.if you say,another—in-.-

sulting word to this young lady I’ll'give youth
biggest thrashing you ever had,” cried Clif. 

A’ . .‘‘Oh, you will, hey?" said the ‘other, insulting
,ly. “What business is it of y_o,urs~?” _4 ; 
“It’s the business ofevery gentleman to ,p1_'o-_
tect ladies from insult. This young lady  ‘
" 8860

brutality," and proved youito be a liar, as

always known you to be, and you insult her. Apex

)7

ogize now, or  J » A, 
“Well, or what?” interrupted Harold,

 

as

 

 

"‘If- he threw astone at you there must have 9”

  

  

You ought to be ashamed of,

, _ ‘I1, ,
. upon his greater strength to easily dispose‘ tli ‘ '
impudent young ,f_ell0W;;1}he sonar 8. In .,

  ‘AND FoRriiNE lWEEKi;Y_ A

 . tenth as rich or as important as his, own ‘father.
‘ '_ f‘I’ll thrash you, that’s what,” said Cliﬁ, de-
‘ terminedly. ‘ ' ,

Clif’s face turned the color of snow as Harold
 ~Wii.;t1~ingliain uttered these insults, and before
i - 1. had ﬁnished the boy’s' ﬁst shot out and took
. i.‘:‘.e other full in the mouth.

. Harold was nearly knocked down, but recover-
ing himself, said, with a cold, cruel expression:
“You took me off my guard, but now I'll give

_ you a chance to get on your own. Do you know
v who I am, you nameless cur? You think you _are
the son of Walsingham Howard, but you a1n"t.
You’:-e nobody, the son of a tramp, a good-for-

' nothing

 

 

?‘T,al<e care!” said Clif, in a low, quiet tone,-

V, whic Harold Wintringham should have known
 was a 1 the more ‘dangerous than bluster. “'_I‘akg
that back or you’ll regret it as long as you live.

 .“I,won'tl” said Harold.

‘ 7 ,Clif took off his coat and hat and handed them

to Tom, who_still stood near him. _

V _ Harold Wintringham had barely»t1i_ne to put

" ‘ /himself on guard before Clif ﬂew at him.

i ' He was older, bigger and stronger than the boy
, wvhom he had so grossly insulted, but he did not

  

   
 
  
 
  
   
  
     
   
    
    
    
     
  

" , he eedil discovered.
ilnéaliésfairlipraindli blows on Harold's head, face
. a7nd;chest,, and ﬁnally delivered one which caused
.. ‘ him to fall, strike his head on the iron spout of
f "Vth.-=. pump, and drop half conscious at the base. "

and the majority of these now gave a cheer.
I Harold arose weakly to’_his feet and walked

‘wa . v , >
a Clyif took his hat and coat from Tom ‘Brown
and said to the young lady who had remained
‘,3’ witness of the entire aﬁ"air: _ -
g, "I should be sorry if you’ judged all our boys
by this one, for there are lots of good fellows in
. wave Crest. May I see you to the hotel? You are

staying- there, I believe?”. _ 7 i t
" ,“Yes, and I shall be delighted to have you go
there with me. I was never more glad of any-
‘ ' thing than to see you whip that braggart and bul-
_1y; He richly deserved it.” _
I -‘fYes,” said C1i_f, “but Pm afraid there's trou-
‘ble to. come from it.”
.v ‘ There was indeed. -.

 

CHAPTER II. A
Eiai-old Has The Worst Of It Again.

 After seeing that Tom Brown had reloaded his
_' basrrow, and was safe from further annoyance,
"‘Cl-if.:set.out for the hotel with the young girl. _
 0'11 the way thither Clif’s companiéiitold him
‘that she was Miss Ada Kidder, of New York, and
" ihaiz she and her father had come to Wave Crest
;~. few weeks’ recreation. . ”
, “He lilies these out—of-the-way places, she ex,-
f"§;e'ha\ze.been in many such. Father knows some—

«along shore, peering into strange places, as if,
looking for something, and people liave often said
that he was in search of Captain Kidd s treasure,
andithat his hame was really Kidd,’
_ 4. * r ,1 -~
 /,’-w'”»l

have half the other’s quickness and skillpin box- ‘

The affair had attracted a number of spectators, ’

’ mass of reefs at the mouth of the harbor halfa .

‘ ever there was a storm. At such times there was"

' plained, “and for the last three or four summers,

vthing about boats, and he is constantly cruising.
‘who knew that the half-witted boy was usual}

 

\ 25

“Has he ‘a boat now? If not I can recommend j . 
one. Tom Brown, although: simple, understands; 
the management of them, and has a sloop of his ‘ ‘ '
own, made from an old yawl, which would uite , ,
suit your father's purpose. Tom" is very ski ful. 
and you can trust him thoroughly.” ‘ . - x '

“Father spoke to an old boatman named Cap—
tain Peter, and we have engaged his boat. Father 3
will want it alone most of the time, but the boat— C
man said he would get us some one to sail it if V e ’
we wished.” ,-

“That would mean Tom, then,” said Clif, with
a laugh, “for he lives with Captain Peter, and
gfteii takes out a party in his own or the old ma'n’s, \

oat. ’ '

Clif saw Mr. Kidder. who seemed olderthan his . ' '
actual years, bein bent and careworn, his hair .
white, his limbs eeble, his step uncertain. and * 
having a look in his eyes which spoke of some se- " "
cret sorrow which had made him an old man be-
fore his time. ( .  " 7’

Taklldg‘ his leave and promising to call the next _ » .
day, Clif started for home by a shoi-t—cut over the
bluﬂ’ and down to the beach and so around to his
own home. , .

Clifton Howard was known as the only. son of- ,
Walsinghanri Howard, 9. man of some wealth/and"’ <
importance in Waye Crest. but nowhere near ‘as’
rich as Mr. Wintringham. ’ I ‘_

He had been well educated at the high school
in town, was a good sailor, an all-around athlete. 5
and was well liked by every one except Harold 
Wi,ntringham’s set. whom he neither liked nor, '
emulated, considering it the reverse of manly to‘ :
smoke,‘ drink, and idle away his time, as they  ’ "

Ashe made his way toward home the words of 1 A
Harold Wintrjngham came back to him. and be "
felt his blood grow hot, and then cold. . ' '
“ “What could he have meant?’-’_ he thoughtzg ;

. Psha_w! he simply said the first thing that came . ‘~
into his head. He is a‘ blusterer and a brag'gart,7 ' ' -=
and a liar to boot,‘and I should not pay any'at—
tention to such as he." . 

On the point below the hotel he saw Tom Brown  3.‘
getting; his boat ready for a sail, and as he came. - v
nearer the boy hailed him. ‘ , = »

“Hello, Clif. Want to take a run out on the;
bay to Skillet rocks and back?” _ _ p , 

“Yes,” said Clif, and quickening. his steps, he ' ,
was soon alongside the boat, into which he stepped r.
and began to held Tom to get her ready. , »_ _‘ .

The\Po1'ly, as Tom called his sloop, was present.-
ly speeding across the bay on_the starboard tack;
with Tom at the tiller, and Clif up forward ready“
at the jib sheet in case they wanted to go about.

They were running toward a. low-lying circular}

 

 

   
   

 
 

  
     
    
 
 

mile from shore, known as Skillet rocks, over.
whichﬁthe water fairly surged and boiled WheH4",

no more {dangerous spotgilong the coast‘ for miles. ,
Just at this time, however, the surf seemed
scarcely to break on the reefs, and no one would
have dreamed that it was as dangerous as it-was. 1
“We'll have a"=blow this evenin’, Clif,” said  ’
“It’s gettin’ ready for it now. Wc’1l have plenty.’
time, though.” ’ '  
“Well, perhaps you are i-ight./l‘om,” sa.id.Glif,_

2

correct in telling what the weather would be.?eyen'
if he were not so bright in other matters. ' 

-w - . .‘

     

 ‘

"As they went’ scurrying along»; Clif presently
; noticed a yacht on his port bow, and said:

1 “There’s Harold Wi1itringham’s boat,'tl'ie Vixen,‘
to the left of us,’ and on the same tack. He’s got
his friends with him."

“He can’t go any better than the Pol1y,” said

pom, “if his boat is bigger. I can outsail him
. every time.” ‘ '

.The Vixen was a sloop yacht twenty-two feet in
length, over all, and an eight-foot beam, -with
a bowsprit extending six feet beyond the stern,
being ‘provided with a. cabin, where Harold and
hisfriends often slept when they were on a cruise.

She had all sails set, and was booming along

 

  
  

V .her to the'best advantage, and, as Tom had said,
‘. the Polly could outsail her under his management.
'. _ Clif was up forward, keeping a lookout, for they
were nearly the Skillet rocks, and it was neces-
sary to use a certain degree of caution.
The Vixen was speeding on, to the left of the
. Polly, when, as they drew nearer the reefs, Clif
— I "I saw Harold suddenly put his tiller to port, to go
, ' about, while Claude let go of the jib sheet, thus
 , throwing her into the wind. ~
’ The boy devined Harold’s intentions in an in-
stant.
 "The Vixen would cross the Polly’s_ bow and
.. ram her if she continued on her present tack.
If the Polly tacked, to avoid collision, she would
be in great danger of running upon the reefs,
which it was very plain Harold wished to force
. her to do, the tide setting strongly in that direc-
tion at the time. ' 
, “What are you about?” cried Clif, as the Vixen
’,wer’i’t about. “We have the right of way. Keep

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
     
   
   
    
    
   
  

“Keep her as she is, Tom,” called ”Clif. "We
are on our proper course, and if anything happens
“it won’t be our fault.” ‘

Something did happen, and speedily.
The little Polly dashed on, and, at a time when
‘ the Vixon was in the wind, struck her on the, star-..
, board bow, carrying away her bowsprit, rendering
her (iiib useless, and causing her to remain in the
win . « A «

H There was great excitement on board ‘the Vixen
;,at once, the boys shouting, running about, and
/‘quite losing their heads. a _

,  Both Tom and Clif were cool, however, and did

the right thing at the right'moment. .

’ .'_[‘he Polly’s little bowsprit was broken, but Clif
 instantly let go the jib halliards, letting the ‘sail
fall on deck against the mast. _

. ‘Then the boy pushed against the side of the
"Vixen, which had had a plank or two started, be-
ingbuilt of ‘ﬂimsier material than the Polly, and
thus worked his way astern. _

The four boys on the Vixen were terribly ex-
cited, but Claude Worthington, without knowing
i1r,,,clid the best thing to be done under the circum-
stances, and let gothe anchor._ I _, _

’,Clif had not had time to avoid the collision, and
wasin danger of being driven on the Skillet rocks,
bntghe had acted as he had every right to do, and
riow the‘ Polly kept on, having suffered only the
loss of herrjib. \ V . , _ ‘ -~
" "I‘his.w,as no great loss, either, for from the
'tion of her mast so far forward, she was now.
giraotically a catboat, and could be handled with-
out]; headsail. '_  Q J V , ,
'‘s'ay,-- Clif,” said Tom, as the former gathered

 

NFWAME AND ’F,(5RTIJl.\IiEl wnniitr V 5‘

“ﬁnely, but the boys did not .,know how to handle ,

    

in the now usele‘ss";iib, “them fcllers just-meant’
to run us down or put usonto the Skillet.” ~ .5,
‘ “To be sure they did,” said Clif. “But'they' 
didn’t do it, and they’ve lost their bowsprit and 
jib. They’re all right now, and when -they get, 
their wits back will easily be able to work the,"
Viven in on a free wind. If they don’t they’ll

have to be towed in. that’s all.” .

“Did you hear what Harold said when we was i 
a-goin’ past? I did, ’cause I was right by him.?’.‘_.
“Yes; he said I'd get the worst of it.” ». V , I . "
“That was funny, wasn’t it. Clif? ‘We di'clI1’t‘ " V
get the worst of it at all. What made him say
that?”. ‘ _ : j-
‘‘Oh, I guess he meant something else,”"said:‘
Clif, carelessly, although he was well aware what
Harold’s threat implied, and that trouble was,
certain to result from this second encounter with-'
the bully that afternoon. .  
They _were now well past the reefs, and pres-‘x
ently Clif went aft and took the tiller to give Tom?
a chance to rest. ‘ , I’ 1.
They kept on for a mile ortwo beyond the;
mouth of the harbor, and then put about.  ’ g
“She's running in ‘all right, just as I supposed]
she would,’~said-Clif. “Anchoring her at that!
time was the best thing they could do, though’ I
believe‘ it was an accident.” -I I X
Long before they passed ‘the Skillet rocks ag-ainl
the Vixen had made a landing, and as theyrane
toward the point they could see her lying at her-
wharf. , . '3-I
_ “There's Cap.’n Peter’s boat,” said Tom, point-'
mg to a catboat at some distance. “Wonder what‘:
he’s doin’ out now?” '5 i
.’ “The young lady and her father
her,’,’ said Clif, “and I suppose
first sail.” , — _ 
“H’ml then it’s all right,” said Tom. ‘_‘But,I'
guess tlieold man won’t stay out long,” ’cause.he~
ought to know about the storm. I bet it’ll be one
that folk’l1 remember a long time.” ' . ‘
It was nearer the truth than he knew.’ ,‘

 

   
  

have hired‘ I
are taking their.‘

  
  
  
    
 
    
  
   
 
   
 

When Clif reached home there were many signs‘
of“ the storm which Tom Brown had predicted, and
he could readily believe that if all these ,signs,
proved true the storm would indeed be one to‘ be‘
remembered. -- ‘ ‘

’ The sky became blacker and blacker, and it we
necessary to light lamps in the dining"-roogi
when Clif went in to his supper, which he ate with
the housekeeper, his father being often absent at
the evening meal, as he was on: this ,occ‘asion. 7

Since the_ death of; his mother, three orgfour
years before, Clif had been left alone a great ideal‘
ut the inﬂuence she had had upon his life .had'
lasted, and he had not gone astray as too many
boys do who lack a mother’s care. , . ‘ ‘ .
He ‘had seen a great difference in his father
during that time, and deplored it, while at 
same time he could not seem to-restore ‘matter
to their former state. .  “ i -’ '
Mr. Howard had always been a passionate:/ma
his temper, when aroused, amounting to {pert 
frenzy, and this his wife had been able to centre}.
while Clif could do little or nothing withit. 
‘(To be,contz'nued.)'

« (V ' _ 5;  ',«w\‘:.

 

  

» it ill‘ ame and ortune Weekly _

' FAME ANDT FORTUNE WEEKLY

, NEW YORK, AUGUST 27, 1926

I     [TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

,_ single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . .

   
  

. ...Postage Free $1 03 cent:
0 e Copy Three Months . .. ‘z " .
Oile Copy Six Months  . L  2-00
one Copy One Year . . . . ........ £00

 

Canada, V $4.50; Foreign, $0.00.

now To SEND MONEY——At our risk send 1’. 0.
Money Order, Check orﬁegistered Letter; remittance:
in any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
 Stain 3 the same as cash. When sending silver wrap
. the ' oinin a separate piece or paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.

Address letters to

WESTBURY PU-BLISHING co., Ix{c.
168 W. 23rd St., N. Y. c.

. f‘RED KNIGHT, Pres. and Tress.
B. W. MARK, Vice-Pres. and Sec.

 ITEMS or INTEREST

AEROPLANE CONCERT _
. An aeroplane 5,000 feet over the city of Paris
broadcast a complete concert by radio.

 

   
   
  
 

SUNBURN BARRED . _
There will be no sunburned young yomen in the
.Winter Garden revue, “The Great Temptations.
Since the company has adopted the practice of-
havjng company swims on nearly all non-matinee
'\ days at nearby beaches, the Winter Gard man,-
agement has issued a request to the young omen
"that they avoid sunburn.

 
   
   
  
   
   
     
 
  
  

 

 -ROCKFELLER’S GRANDSONS RIDE

 ’ . . IN $200 CABIN

 .In keeping witliin their own personal means,

''two, grandsons of John D. Rockfoller, one of the

world's richest men, got back from Europe re-

(gently in a cabin costing them $100 each. They

«arrived on the American Merchant Line steamship

‘American Trader. ..

- , The boys were John  Rockfeller, 3d, and

"Nelson Aldridge Rockfeller, sons of John D. Rock-

feller, Jr. ' _ / ‘

« The American Trader is one of the line’s ﬁve

.r,.e3€press. freight steamers which .were recently
partly converted into passenger carriers. Their
‘capacity is only seventy passengers on the ship.

 

I TF£T.SOIL BEFORE FERTILIZING

' '0 Afrimonium nitrate performs an extremely use-
ful function in fertilizing certain crops, especially
ggrasses, as itenables them to take the best ad-
‘vantage of any phosphorus compounds present in
the soil. When, however, the soil is a so dy one,
Lalmmoniuni. nitrate is not the‘ best fertiiaer to
 . The plants split it up_into ammonia and
,niti=ic‘acid, and in a sandysoil they absorb’ more

 

    
  
  
   
    
   

t in the soil, accumulates, with the result that
‘soil /is quickly rendered acid. It is therefore
visable to makeﬂcertain of the type of soil be-
” "pp .ing.ammonium' [nitrate as a _fei'tilizer.

 

" ngnoiiia. than nitric acid. This free acid, being '
iii

.ularly._" ‘

  

' .27?‘

MINIATURE RAIIiROAD SHOWN  EXHIBIT‘ . 0
AT SESQUI ’

A miniature railroad, built by scale and_ show-
ing various types of trains of standard equipment
operating on four tracks representing a typical
section of the roadbed, is the principal feature oi
the exhibit of the Pennsylvania Railroad opened ,.
recently in the Palace of Liberal Arts and Manu-.‘ ’
factures. at the Sesqui—Centennial International
Exposition in Philadelphia. . '

Tunnels, signal towers and other mechanical
contrivances are shown in accurate detail and the 
landscape is representative of the territory w ' h ' »
the “Pennsy” serves. A hugepaintin ,.sho ng A .
the side view of a standard steel coac , in exact '
dimensions, forms a background for the exhibit,
while the reception room in front of the mechani—- .
cal arrangement is furnished in the style used "
during the Colonial period’. ' '

 

I LAUGHS

“Waiter, is this beef stew or Hungarian goal-
ash?" “Let me see. This is _Wednesday, isn't it,
sir? Then it’s goulash.” »' v ‘

 

 

Nurse (taking his temperature)—Sir, you are in A
danger_——-your temperature is 104. Business Man-—— .
When it reaches 105 sell. ' .

 

_ Best Man-—What’s thematter! Have you lost the A
ring? Bridegroom-——The ring’s all right, old man,
but I’ve lost my enthusiasm.” ~

 

Oiie day last winter little Eloise was looking at
«a fall of unusually large snowﬂakes. “Oh, im'am—
ma! she exclaimed, ‘fLook at the popped rain

coming" down 1"

Sister (who h d ' t /f h ‘ —- ll 
never thought lily J\;ll)Slc0.:u\lV‘§ul((lrfSl:lla‘l12‘l1l:l}l5) big, ._
Freshman Brother--Neither did I. I thought it :-
would empty it. 5 , ' I -  T

~¢

   
 
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  

 

 

, Angry‘ Diner-—You call this clam chowder?l:'.
Why, there aren’t enough clams in itrto flavor ‘it.

Wait_er—-We don’t try to ﬂavor it, sir; all we do'is’ ’
put in enough to christen it. . 2 ~’

 

Client—-I want to sue for a divorce and -an al-‘
lowance of $1,500 a year.« Lawyer———What is your ',
husband's income? Client——It’s about that.  ”
wouldn’t ask for more than the man makes. I'm A
not that kind. ' - . ' '

«A.

 

Eﬂ"ie’s_ Brother-—‘Do you love my sister Eﬂie?" ’
,Eﬂ‘ie’s Steady Company—Why, Willie, that is '2;
queer question. Why do you ,want to know?’
Eﬂ‘ie’s Brother1—She said last night she wo,uld\give'

a dollar to know, and I’d like to scoop it in. ,

 

_ “'D_1d you notice that woman who just passed-?

inquired he. “The one,” responded ‘she, “with -1:11
gray hat, the white featherythe red velvet rose
the mauve jacket, the black skirt, the mink £111‘
and the lavender spate?” “Yes." “Not partic

.7’. -

    

 ', 28,.

MYSTERY OF MAD-


v   HURST HOUSE

 

' On a drowsy day in the early autumn, when
everything, from the sleepy sighing of the scarce-
’ly perceptible breeze to the doleful and monoton-
ous chirping of the crickets, seemed to woo the

wsenses to slumber with a solicitation not to be
easily resisted, particularly if one were inactive,

Gerty Merrill fell asleep in an easy-chair, be-
‘hind the curtain of young Mr. Alexander Mad-
hurst’s alcove smoking-room. .

’ Madhurst House, as the old country residence
f was called, had been the home of the Madhurst
~ j family almost to the time “whereof the memory
1 of man runneth not”; at least, the old stock of
,the, past generations had residedthere ever since
the days of Oliver Cromwell, and long before
that, if traditions faithfully handed down from
father to son were to be credited.

-_ . The present occupant of the ancient ediﬁce,
“with modern improvements”-—as the advertise-
, merits say—-was Mr. Alexander Madhurst, the
 sole surviving representative of the family.
 »Gerty Merrill, though barely turned eighteen,
was one of the most proﬁcient and successful
female attaches of the Scotland Yard detective
:  “service at the time of which I am telling you,
' « though now she is——well, never mind what she
' is,’ I came near getting ahead of my story. You
will know all before I’ve ﬁnished, however, so to
.—._—proceed with the natural sequence of events as
" they transpired.
. One‘ day in summer, a couple of months pre-
ceding the memorable day when “the girl spy”
fell asleep behind the curtain of the alcove at
Madhurst House, Mr. Alexander Madhurst called
 . upon me for professional advice andpassistance.
 His was a rather odd story, and this was its
‘substance: '
“For some months past,” said he, “I have lost
considerable sums of money from my sleeping-
room. ,You may suppose quite naturally, that I
'don’t keep a great deal ‘of money about me\, but

  
 
 
 

‘book for current expenses.

,“Now, invariably, when I retire to'sleep it
is my custom after securin the door and the
.;win‘dows—my room is on t e second ﬂoor—to
.‘place my purse underneath my pillow, and yet,
although I am never disturbed during the night,
'. ‘at least once a week, on examining my pocket-
'?f_‘ book in the morning upon awakening, I ﬁnd that
its contents are gone, and .yet the mystery is,
who could have taken it, for both the door and
the windows 1 always ﬁnd secured exactly as

 

,1-“left "them upon retiring, and not the faintest.

7 trace of an intruder have I’ ever been able to

discover?” , T

—  Mr.,Madhurst paused, and I said: “Very well,

"-sir, 1- will undertake the case, for I feel con-
defntithat the mystery is in the fact that there

exists some secret way of ingress and egress

to‘ and from your sleeping-room, of the existence V

f which you are in ignorance.”

Thenxhe told meiof the many additions which
él b
3  ral home, and th'us.was my ‘ﬁrst suspicion

   
 

     

-FAME IAND FORTUNE ‘WEEKLY

‘ in occult mysteries, which have ever found thei

? I usually have at least ﬁfty pounds in my pocket-

i.I-Iertzhoff:

        

een built to the oldhouse, which was his _ , p _ _ (
my power to assist you’ .just~:'at thiIs,,tiiiie,

   

Slrengthened. and Mr. Madhurst himself coin,-L — 1’
cided with my view of the case. ~ ’ 2  ,
‘fl am at your service, Mr. Madhurst, for, turf"
say the truth, there IS not much doin in the,
criminal line just now, and I am at'li erty to’ ‘W
absent myself from London for a short time, ‘Is, 
fancy I shall not be with you long before this . v
mystery is cleared up. By the way, of whom;,.,..;
does your household consist?” I asked. I’ 
‘Of myself, of course; _a housekeeper, coach
man, butler and a couple of female domestics
Iham sure, however, they are_all innocent, for
t ey have served my family faithfully for many '
years. No—-no; not for a moment do I suspect ‘
one of my household of complicity in the thefts“ ,-
of which I have been made the victim,” answered I
Mr. Madhurstin a tone of conviction. l~ .
The day I left Mr. Madhurst, 'one of the fe
male servants of the house—-a chambermaid-s-"—.; 
had given notice that she was about to be mar- 
ried and would no longer continue in his employ, . -

  
  

 
  
 

-Mr. Madhurst had c_asu_ally mentioned that he‘’';
. should at once advertise in the London Timesfor 

a domestic to fill her place. I determined that
Gerty Merrill should secure the place. ,,. :_

I thoroughly posted her regarding themys-
tery which she was to attempt to solve; and, sure
enough, Mr.‘ Madhurst’s advertisement appeared,-
and my quick—witted assistant managed to se-1.:
cure the situation. V . _ . 

For some time no more, mysterious thefts oc--, : .-
curred at Madhurst House, and Gerty'Merri1l,j
who reported to me by letter, had nothing of
much importance‘ to communicate. , ,‘

A certain young gentleman—a German studeii
called" Max Hertzhoﬂ’—who resided that summer’
with ‘his uncle in the little village of Andover’
had made Mr. Madhurst’s acquaintance and bezu
came a frequent visitor at the old homestead.”

I soon found out that Hertzhoif was a student
of psychology, a chemist, and a general dabbl '

 

1

devotees among the students of the Germanfu
versitie_s.. - I _

Having studied Mr. Hertzhoif quietly, as occa
sion presented itself, until I had formed a pretty
accurate opinion of— his character, I came to
conclusion that this remarkable man had‘ a 
purpose in cultivating the’ acquaintance/of Mr
Madhurst. It then suddenly ﬂashed upoiiﬂm
mind that the German might, in some way‘:
connelcted with the mystery which I was seeking’
to so ve. . . . ‘T

P,‘

’ ~ The day I feel'asl.eep in the arm-chair‘ behind

the alcove curtain of Mr. Madhi_irst’s smoking
room—that drowsy autumnal day——was a time
when I made an unexpected‘~discovery, as.,yoﬁ‘
sliall hear. _ " ~_ ,1 ~
b When I fell asleep, concealed by the folds

the curtain, there was no one in the alcove
'When I awoke with a start I heardthe so’ii_n

of voices.

Mr. Madhurst sat with his back towardme
but I had a good half-front; view‘ of the face 0
the German student. He was speaking earnest!"
t'o'Madhurst. ‘ ' . , ' ’ I

“Then you will not let me have the loan?”

I am“ sorry that it is.‘n_o _.

  
 

  
 

' “I assure you

 ‘AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY. I is I  @29"

let you have the amount you require, although
i even then it would bean inconvenience to my-
’V "self,”_ Madhurst said.

 
 

. secure the loan elsewhere. My father, you know,

is ignorant of my passion for the gaming-table,
“and were I to solicit him to advance the money
I require it would be necessary to reveal the
truth. In that case he would probably be en-
' raged at the knowledge and refuse to serve me.
, I think I shall try the Shylocks of the city as
I a; last resort.”

" “Perhaps you may succeed with them. I hope

so, at all events.
 advise you, Max, to let cards alone. Expert as
‘ ' you are, you occasionally meet with serious losses,
‘and in the end the gamster generally comes-to.
poverty and want.”
"1 “That’s so, Madhurst, and I think I shall try
to take your advice, which I can but acknowled e
to be excellent. The trouble with me is that t e
. gamingtable possesses an irresistible -attraction,
w a sort of fascination which can only be compre-
dhended by the conﬁrmed gambler.”

During this conversation the‘ German student
had ‘kept his eyes upon the face of his compan-
, .i_on, and now in amazement I beheld Mr. Mad-

’hurst’s face slowly growing very pale, while
gradually his head sank down upon his breast
and his eyes closed as though he had suddenly
fallen asleep. V
. The result of this strange proceeding Wasat
» '_once to cause Mr. Madhurst to breathe heavily,

"and there could now be no doubt that he was

completely oblivious-to‘ all his surroundings.
 ‘zinow, then. to search the drawer," the German‘
-sax  . ‘ —»
, Hestrode to the far end of the alcove, out of
. my sight, and heard him prying open the drawer
' of Mr. 'Madhurst’s writing-desk which stood’
‘there. -In a moment or so he reappeared. .

_“Ha, I have found it!"’ he exclaimed in an
' exultant whisper. . _

‘As he spoke he placed a folded paper—which
I supposed he had‘ taken» from the drawer-ein
{thefinside ‘pocket of his coat. ’

.He was gone in a moment. - V
 —I‘:‘sprang to‘ Mr. Madhui-st’s side and aroused
him Jbydashing a glass of ice-water in his_ face.
‘The young man sprang to his feet. I
' " ‘F-Mr. Madhurst, you have /been victimized by a
clever scoundrel, who: possesses the power to
mesmerize you. After putting you into a mes-
nieric trance, as he did just now, your esteemed

 
  

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
    
  
 
    
  
  
  

and possessed himself of some paper which, from
‘hisj.ex»ultatg'on in securing it, IS, Ivsuppose, of
aIal}u,e,”:.I said. ‘A _ .
vﬂltadhurst rushed to the desk. I-Iurriedly he

been tossed about in considerable confusion.
.fWhile he was engaged in searching the desk-
;said: _
' “Iimust now introduce myself to you in my
‘roper character. I am a detective; one of Mr.

I».-.—-—’s ‘staff, and he sent me here to investigate
.the,mystery«which he failed to solve before‘busi~

' "called him back to the city.’.’  ,
‘MIr-.,.Madhurst was surprised. and gratiﬁed at.‘
.aIfne time.’ . [ .4  -
rid thatza check,-for five hundred pounds,

   

you could wait until next month perhapsl could ~

“The delay would be fatal.‘ I must strive to’

But in a friendly way I would .

V bring his ready cash to him in the dead of night,

friend, Max I-Iertzhoif, forced open‘ yonder desk’

examined the contents of the drawer, which had,

 

which I had drawn up in favor of a. creditor of «_
mine who was to call upon me today, and. which 
is payable by my London banker to bearer, is 
missing,” said Mr. Madhurst. ‘ , -'
“Not a moment must be lost. Telegraph to
your bankers that the check has been stolen, and
warn them not to pay it,” I advised. . V
“I shall proceed to the village for that pur-
pose at once.”
Horses were brought around from the stable
and in a few minutes we were riding rapidly on
our way to the village.
While Mr. Madhurst was sending his dispatch, ; "
I routed out the constable and proceeded to Mr.
Hertzhoﬂ”s abode. ' '
The gentleman we wanted was not to be
found, but a farmer’s boy whom we met stated
that_ he had just passed a gentleman on horse-
back beyond the village who answered to Mr.
I-Iertzhoﬁ"s description. .. '
We had not proceeded far when weiheard a
deep groan from the roadside, and we saw Max »
Hertzhoif lying there, with a broken leg, as we ‘
soon discovered. He had been thrown from his ” ;«‘
h_orse. We found the stolen check in his pos_ses— .
sion. -, -I A.
The man made no remarks, save to curse use "
heartily. He was conveyed to the village jail, and
ﬁnally confessed that he had compelled Madhurst
to steal from himself. That is to say, during
the many months of their intimacy he had’ ac-
quired such complete. mesmeric power over Mad"-~ '
hurst that the latter, when he willed it, would Q:

 

of what he was doing. I W _
Thus the mystery, of Madhurst -House was
solved, for, of course, all the doors ‘and windows  '
which he found secured each morning were, in _
the mesmeric state, opened and properly closed. ' "
and secured” by Hertzhoff’s victim himself.” U l
g This is where Gerty Merrill’s part of the story ,-
en s. . I ’ —.
I may add that she eventuall became ; I
Madhurst. ' Y i M,“ ,

-_—-——.¢-—-(O}}OO-—...:

WARNING

Beside the curving road Ilsit
And when a gentle maid
_ To keep a tryst goes tripping by,
Half joyous, halfafraid, -
' I Cry to her, “Oh! don’t g‘o.»down
To that burning Autumn wood;
For there I went with my dear love,
So tall and kind and good, ' '
.And as we stood beside a tree..
Where Beauty’s hand was laid . 
We heard bright laughter in the leaves, I ’
(And suddenly I was afraid), _,
. For a dryad, beautiful as Dawn,
’ Leapt from the blushin tree .
/And cast on my love such afcurious look. *
That it stole his heart from’me.»  .7

and, of "course, without the silghtesf ,knowle'dge:

 
  
  
  
 
 
     
   
   
   
 

"Dear, don't go down to’ that Autumn wobd

There's nothing there but pain, , ‘

h For the heart adryad steals away Q
Can never be .W9n again.” 

,  v , , REBEGCA HELM-

(N. Y. Times.) I (r I ‘ _  

  

  

  

FIFTY WHALES PASS BIG LINER
Passengers on the Atlantic Transport line Min-
newaska, which arrived recently from London,
via Cherbourg, saw a school of whales cross the
bow of the ship forty miles east of Nantucket
ﬂ Lightship. ” . _
’ There was a fog and the speed of the liner was
_ reduced. Fifty whales were counted by the pas-
‘ . sengers, and the last one passed close to the bow.
Theoﬁicer on the bridge said the whales were
going toward the Azores.

 " AMUNDSEN IS WELCOMED HOME BY
. I HUGE CROWDS AT BERGEN 

~ . Captain Roald Amundsen and_ the Norwegian

‘ V members of his expedition, wh1ch_ successfully

1 ~. ﬂew over the North Pole in the dmgible Norge,

have arrived at Bergen. ‘ ..

I « . Huge crowds turned out to welcome him. The
 Mayor and various public bodies gathered at a
“banquet in, honor of the explorers. The party

will proceed to Oslo.

' 7 Captain Amundsen toldinterviewers that as no

land had» been seen around the Pole, the Polar

_ Basin could be considered only as equivalent to
international waters and that no nation could

-— claim or annex the pole.  - . »

-~rRIi~IcE ANDACTRESS sues MELO-

‘ ' DRAMA OF REAL LIFE

  Ilenka. Csaky, well known Hungarian actress
. and singer, provided a melodrama which sur-
 passed anything she has_done on the stage after

, she ‘quarreled in a cafe in Budapest with Prince
~'Domenico Russo, a member of the Italian Em-
.‘ba'ss_ staff. . .

I   pA ter’ the quarrel Ilenka. rushed from the cafe
-‘and hurled herself into the River Donau. “

” ‘ Prince Domenico was‘ on her ‘heels, and no
xsooner had Ilenka reached the rushing waters
’ than Prince Domenico plungedyover the embank-
 ment, and at the risk of his own lifepbrought
 ilenka safely to shore. -

 ' ’ A’ reconciliation is understood to havefollowed.

v.‘ 0

 

 

 

  

 

  
 
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
      
  

., EXCAVATE COLONIAL RELICS V

‘ B I Excavation at Lafayette a,nd,Reade Streets, the
I site of Aaron Burr’s' well and New York City's,
first water works, has brought to light an ironvpot
, containing. Colonial coins, a ‘skeleton, some old
tools, apair of ram’s horns and a quantity of odd

iron that has been sold as scrap for $300» ,
.; .All of the coins bore eighteenth century dates.

An‘ unusual moto, “Mind your own business,” was
on raved on one of the Colonial day, pieces.
*"o'-ring M. Hewen, Managing Director of the
Court Square Building, Inc., which is undertakin
he excavations ‘said he believed the unearthe

 

_dic:wcll many‘ years ago. ‘
=ouEAM Rsvxvns SEARCH rm Ber Loud.
. ~ MISSING --B

i
Mgfil _'. I  ,1.

C   r CURRENT. News l

_ without a reward.  ,.

golden past, resented the intrusion and tried to’.

lilnly twoof them were post—Revolution money.‘-

‘ronito be what, is left of a standpipe thrown,into_*

. I _,  , _. , , I _ picture of a‘ noted warriorpand the ,pursu1t~f:§lfack
,. hepolicelhave renewed their search for Harry d
eder.fe1d,p. who, disappeared: from his ‘home V at ~

\

..V,

 

’1 Goerck Street, N. Y. City, on Nov. 11, 1924,   

who, if he lives, is now 8 years old. - .. 
_Three detectives hunted for Harry for months ~,
after his parents, Wolfeand Esther Wiedenfeld,
reported his disappearnce, and every day one of.
them or both went to the Clinton Street "Police.
Station or to the Missing Persons Bureau"to ask’
anxiously if the boy had been found. Presently
they called only once a week and’ then, last March,
evidently disheartened by the lack of the detec- a;
tivesnsuccess or believing Harry dead, they ceased: ’ 
oca. '
But 'a few days ago Mrs, Wiedenfeld reap; 
peared before Captain John H. Ayres of the Miss—-:. '
ing Persons’ Bureau. ‘ V. I V‘ 3 y; '
“For a week,"’»s‘he said hesitantly, as if afraidv
some one might laugh at her,» “I have dreamed of
my boy, Harry. I see him in the little clothes’ he:
wore when he disappeared, and he holds out‘lii's7
arms to me and says, ‘Don’t give me up, mother.
Keep looking for me.’ My husband and I have
saved $600. We will give it to any one who can’
bring us news of Harry. n ‘ "
Captain Ayres told her the police would search

  

 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  

BEER-BIBBING M ON K E Y , SEEKIVNG‘/I 
CI-IOICER FARE, WRECKS BERLIN’S ~' ’
FINEST’ WINE RESTAURANT .

One innocent monkey trying to get a drink of
wine wrecked one of Berlin’s oldest and most arise.
tocratic wine restaurants last night; In the males.
at least a‘ score of monoclescwere broken, the digi
nity of the Fire» Department suffered and 91 squad‘
of polﬂemen was held up to ridicule. , I  , ».r:

Amid the ruins of china, glassware, broken.
chairs and overturned tables,’ the formerly dignix
ﬁed proprietor saw his guests departing, vo,win"g,
never again to enter an establishment vvherethe
waiters knew their favorite vintage and neveri
even’ bothered asking the guests their desires. ' '

The monkey lived in a common beer hall a block’
away, and as a. favorite he received plenty of bde
 he decided that he wanted wine, brokefhi
chain and made a dash for; the winejrestaurant.'
The guests, who had just begun theirdaily tirade:
against the present and spoke reverently of. th

capture the animal, which: defended ei'tself‘.‘,‘l3iC
throwing glasses and bottles. . . ‘ f
'It was whenthe ‘monkey skipped lightly fro
the bald head of an ex—naval oﬂicer B al
head of an ex~army oiiicervthat the uproar becani
general. The Fire Department and ‘the .police
came, but could not combat against the sharp‘ teeth‘
of the Dayton hero until they had sought-., 11tf"a,:
fencing club and borrowed all the available ea '
gloves. " B _ l ,c ; V‘ V 
'Even then it was only ﬁrewater that cause’
the /monkey’s downfall. Passing the bar,,: 
seized a bottle containing vodka,‘,/probably. to‘us§a;
it as 'a weapon, but when he perchedhigh‘ on

ened, he drank deeply.

_ _ His slapture .£o11owe
soon as the liquor too , f

effect.

 V V.

  

   

 

‘;,'.l ‘\u.{:.

it FAMES” AND Foxmmn wm;iKLY dd  V

      

F“

BRlEF BUT POlNTED'

 

 AREA OF UNITED STATES AND CANADA

According to’ The Eagle Almanac, Canada is

1 ’ larger in area than the United States. Canada

‘ f has an area of 3,729,665. The area of the United
States, including Alaska, is 3,617,673.

RADIUM FROM PARSONITE *

Parsonite, a new radium bearing mineral found
in the Belgian Congo, was described lately to the
Academy of Sciences in an address written by the
Belgian Professor Shoef. The paper, says the
Scientiﬁc American, told of the success that is be-
ing‘ met with in extracting radium from the min-
_eral..at a special laboratory in Antwerp.

DUELS NOW SERIOUS IN ITALY AS RESULT
A OF BITTER POLITICS
 Personal bitterness‘ growing out of political con-
* troversy in Italy is making dueling a serious busi-
’ ness rather than a mere formality. '
, Luigi de Alfonso,‘Honorary Consul general of
the Fascist militia, and former Under—Secretary
of State Giuseppe Caradonna, recently added an-
-other to the constantly growing list of savage en-
counters. The two men met in a lonely wood'near

 

   
    
  
  

‘» Rome and fought with sabres ‘under condition T

permitting any kind of blow. ,
Signor de Alfonso was seriously slashed three
‘times. '

FIVE LARGEST HARBORSV ,

7 It depends upon what is meant‘ by “largest”
‘wand by “harbor.” _ _ . .
. port, and considering only those having on- their

shores cities of commercial importance, the -ﬁve,
iilargest in area are Port Philip, Melbourne‘ Har-
gbor, ‘Australia, approximately 409 square miles;
* Yokohama’, Japan, 200 square miles; New York

miles. In ;export' and import value the__ﬁrst are
New York on the coast; London, England, _6'7
Cmiles from sea; Hamburg, Germany, 67 miles
‘from sea. ' In‘ tonnage, the largest are New York,
Antwerp and London. . ‘

. "‘,-UI HONORS NOTED DOG _
_ _“Ow:"i y,” the world's greatest dog_ traveler,
" . who was awarded morethan 100 tagsand medals
Vlyecause of his “services” in the United States
"Postoffice departments, has been signally honored

.ia.t.'the Goverriment_’s _posto'lﬁce exhibit at the .
Sesqugi-Centennial International Exposition, in‘

. h'1 d 1 ha. A
"E 'l‘l?e'ébI:>d'ly of the globe-trotter, mounted by a

taxidermist after the aninial.’s death ‘in 1897, is

.  ' V ' the ‘model postofﬁce in the Exposition
gnoifi-liiecl”s..m“0wney” was the official mascot of the

entire postal force of’ the country .,from,1888,-to .

;s_97. K .. _
HOW fro. PLAY QUICK STEP‘

A Two‘ lines are marked on the ground, about .100 ~

" J , ' , »l .Oepla‘e1-is
fwiéipiétbflli §§ui3‘t%§°a’5li’l.é’ §€£i.a§‘.m .. eline
hm;-5 backto the other players; The‘-others

" ‘ the ‘opposite 1'

 

Using the word harbor as a

.lars in greenbacks.

C W 175 .1 S F n _s 0 79 square : can of tomatoes or blackberries.
-pi , . square mies; an ra ci e ,, V

5 making his escape from prison, being one .of“tli

   
  

A and its contents to .keep7a.s a 1m,emeri‘to,:»aiid

The '~:count',er. then. :2‘1:'e8.‘1:l.\7~1't1.“§7-if’-‘.(l,,va‘.‘.°'i“ such. . f 1

counts rapidly and loudly while the players on the 
line behind him walk quickly toward his’ line. As» ; "1
he stops counting he turns, and if he sees anyone, " 
moving, calls his name, and that player has to go ,  ~':
The others ‘continue to ad- *, ; .
_vance toward the counter’s line, but only while he

is counting. The counting continues until all have ‘

back and start over.

crossed the line where the counter stands, and the

last one over must change places with the counter. V ._ 1‘

A BUTTON’S HISTORY- _
A most unique relic of war is possessed by
George Clutch, commander of the Isham Keith
(G.'A. R.) post in Columbus, Indiana. It is a

button off a private soldier’s uniform. During 
‘the latter part of the war, Mr. Clutch'«s brother-» 
in-law,’ J. F. Gallaher, whose home is in Ohio, had‘  ~
‘the misfortune to be captured and conﬁned in '
The story of how the prisoners-in» ‘

Libby Prison.
that hole suffered and died from starvation, ex-

posure and ill-treatment is a part of history.’

After Mr. Gallaher had been there some time, he

began to feel the need of money, whichwould 
enhance the prospect of reaching the Union lines 3
he. succeed in making his escape. -A sur- 
geon of his regiment, who was in the prison, was’: A
‘about to be exchanged. He cutoff one of the large ; 
brass buttons from his uniform, and, separating

shoul

the two parts of it, made a cavity by taking out
the ﬁlling. . V.

He then‘ wrote on a, slip of blank paper, -‘in, 
small, but distinct hand. the following note to his
wife, whichhe inclosed in the cavity, and again;

sealed the button together:

“Libby Prison—Dear Wife——_If we are not ex;
changed by 1st. of December send me thirty dol-
Put in a vial canned up in at

_ Send it in 9. b0
of provisions.

This note is well preserved, and was still resting
snugly in its place in the button when shown by
Mr. Clutch.
was made to take the place of another on the uni-.
form of the exchanged surgeon, who reached home
and delivered it to Mrs. Gallaher in due time. «;It
could not have escaped the close scrutiny of. the
oﬁicershad it been conveyed out of the prison in

any other manner, as the oﬂicers were particular ,
to search all of the exchanged prisoners, including.

the surgeon,‘ most minutely. ’ ,
Mr. Gallaher did not have much hope that;h

 

scheme wo"uld1succeed, even should the note reach-

his. wife,’ but he was surprised, for ‘the fruit at
rived in‘_a short time, and-although closely i
spected bythe prison officials, they failed to di
cover the vial containing the money concealed i ,
aone of,.the jars of thick preserves. 1Soon after
receiving the ‘money Mr. Gallaher succeeded ii

chief participants’ in the great tunnel expedition.
He foundthe thirty dollars obtained in so novi
amanner. to be of great service to~h'im in reac_
ing the Union lines. When.Mr. Clutch was,
Ohio a short time ago he was~.give'n"the ~buttpn

 

 

 

J. P. GALLAHER.” . X‘

To continue the‘ story, the button"

  

V ouh Tenant HAND some
l‘Useful, Instructive, and Amusing. They contain

Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

 

. _. "‘W"‘-T

Na. .42. THE Boys’ on NEW roux swamp’
SPEAKER.-—Containing a varied assortment of stump ,

speeches, Nexrro. Dutch and Irish. Also end men’s jokes.
' No. 44. HOW TO WRITE IN AN ALBUM.-—-A gran-7.!
- collec_tion_ol Album Verses suitable for any,time and
' occasion: em bracing Lines of Love, Affection, Sentiment.
Humor. Respect, and Condolence; also Verses Suitable

" , for Valentines and Weddings.

_ No. 52. HOW TO_ PLAY CARDS.‘-—A complete and
‘handy little book. giving the rules and full directions
 for playing‘ Euchre. Cribbage, Casino, Forty-ﬁve
Rounce, Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auction Pitch. All
Fours, and many other popular games of cards.
V _~No. 58. HOW TO VVRITF: L‘E'[",l‘ERS.——A wonderful
.— _ little book. telling you _how to write-'to your sweetheart.
ourtrathcr, mother. sister, brother. employer; and in
act everybody and nnyhody you wish to‘write to.
. , No. 55. HOW TO COLLECT STAMPS AND COYNS.—-
Containing valuable information regarding the collect-
’ lngr and arranging of stamps and coins. Handsornely
., illustrated. '
;' No. 57._ HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUMWNTR.
/;-—Full directions how to make a Banjo, Violin, Zither.
' >A_eol\ian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instruments;
together with a brief description of nearly every musi-
‘ cal instrument used in ancient or modern times. Pro-

fusely illustrated.

» No. 58. HOW TQ BE A DETEUTlV]L'.——'Bgv Old King
Brady, the well-known detective. In which he lays
‘ some valuable rules for beginners. and also re-

 

 

klown
lates some adventures of well~known detectives.

No. 61. HOW TO BECOME A BOWLER.-A complete
. mantra! of bowling. Containing full instructions for
¢- playing all the standard American and German games:

‘together with rules and systems in use by the principal

bowling clubs. . '
I No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINES.

- -—Contain‘i,ng full directions for making electrical ma-‘
chines, induction -coils. dynamos. and many novel toys
to he worced by electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. Fully
. .illustrate .
. V ‘No. 6'7.

ytnlnlng a large collection of instructive Md highly
kmusins: electrical tricks, together with illustrations. By

. -Anderson. v ' ‘ ‘

No. 69. HOW TO DO ‘SLEIGHT-0F—HAND.—Contain-
lmr o'v_er ﬁfty of the latest and best tricks used by ma-
-kiciannv.
 Fully illustrated r
‘ No.42. ‘HOW’ TO DO SIXTY TRICKS VVITH CARDS.
‘-—ll:mbrar-ins: all of the latest and most deceptive card
' tricks. with illustrations.

' No. '13. HOVV TO DO TRICKS WITH -NUMBERS...

‘Showing many curious tricks with ﬁ,9:uros= and the
magic of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated.
x ‘ No. 74. HOW’ TO VVRITE LETTERS C0ll.REC'l‘J',Y._.
g Containing} full instructions for writing letters on al-
’ ~ ‘most any mihject: nlso rules for punctuation and com-

. lposition. with specimen letters.

’ No. '76.’ I-IOVV TO TELL FORTUNES BY T7’ 1 “AND.
‘....Containing rules for telling fortunes h t e swirl of
’/lines of the hand. or the secret of palmis ry. Also the
fsecret of/telling futurecvents by aid of mole. marks,
gacars, etc. Illustrated.

No.’ 7‘). now To no 11-awry rmoxs wvru
‘CARDS.-Containing: deceptive (‘ford Tricks as perform-
, ed by leading conilirers and magicians.

, No. 79. H0“? 'I‘0 BEOOME AN At‘/l‘0R..—Containin.¢
complete instructions how to make; up for various

Tgitage Manager, Prompter. Scenic Artist and ‘Property,
' n. .1 "
M11110. 80. GUS "WI‘LLIAMS’ J0'K‘lli BO0K.—(?ontalnin2‘
"the ;latest jokes. anecdotes andvfunny stories of this
world-renowned German comedian. '_ _
. ‘No.V82. HOW TO DO PAI.MlFl'l"R.Y.—-Contmninr; the
most itpprnvccl methods of reading the lines ‘on. the
hand, together with a full explanation o‘ thei ermine.
Also explaining nhrenology, and the key to tellinz
harncinr by the bumps on the head. By Leo Hugo
Koch. A.C.S. Fully illustrated. _ 

 

 

«

 
  
      

   
 

‘ . l- 1701' Ilalv by all newsdeolers. orgwill be sent to M17
,_I¢_idreIs.on receipt of price, 10c._per copy.
 r  money’ or stamps. by

;_WES'I‘BURY. ~Pl,LBLIsHI.l~lG, co..t1nc.€ [
was 234 Street ?/ l _  y r A new Yvrkapllta

  

/>4

     
  

   

   

 

 A l.*anlltllFOrt11u.rél  A

_ _ - Rc es. V  —
“°“' ‘'0 "0 ‘“'E°"'“"”“‘ '"“°“5' °°" - 1070 Tips (lit the Tape: 01', The Boy» Who startled wan;

Also containing the secret .01’ second sight. " 1073 hi at Class by Irirlmgem on The Piuckyy .30? 

A 107‘? The Young Coal ,.Baron for. Five Years’  The

haracters on the stage: together with the dntina of the '

“1ynB>Went”lB3_d street.  _§  .

  
  
   
    
 
  
  
  
      
   
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
    
 
    
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
   

_ ——'— LATEST ISSUES ._.. k , 
1044 A-“$3g.tooo‘- Tip; or, The Young Weazel otlwall-y
104" Plucky Bob;'or, The Bo Wh W ‘ S  
104% From Newsboy to Bankel‘; or,oRol?nLak]cg‘?8Elise" in
Wall Street.  . , " ' '-
lo=I" A Golden Stake: or. The Tr as i‘ th I i‘,. '
104$ A Grip On the Market: or;eAul1El$)t0Tixx1?a Iliad ‘We'll 4

Street. .
1049 Watcfhiing His Chance; or, From Ferry Boy to Cap.
8 . _ ,

. n. .
1050 A Game ijor Gold: 'or, The Young King orwau,
‘ Street’  '

1051 A Wiz:/1rd’ tor Luck: or 'Getting'5Al1ead in the tWo'r1d., '
1052 A Forturlie at Stake: or. A Wall Street Messenger?

Den . .

]0.’3 l~l,’s Last Nickel: or. What It Did f J" k R ;
1054 Nalt Noble. the Little Broker; or, The élgoy W-rlllz‘
Started a Wall Street Panic. ' V '

1055 Av§7ig'ru§gle for Fame: or. The Gamest Boy in the V

1056 The Young Money Maznate; or. The Wall Street!’

Boy who Broke the Market. 

1057 A‘I.uck,v Contract; or, The Boy Who Made :1 Bart

of’ Money. I

1058 A Bic Risk; or. The Game That Won. ' .. ,

1059 02‘ I;irate’s Isle: or, The Treasure of the. seven

‘ me are. ' .. v )1

1060 A Wall Street Mystery: or, The Boy Who Baa:
the Syndicate.

1061 Dick l_Elad1ey’s Mine: or. The Boy Gold Diggers at

Mexico. _ ,

1062 A Boy Stock Broker; or, From. Errand Boy to
Millionaire. ' ,9 ,..

1063 Facing: the World: or. A Poor Boy’s',Fight to

or une. * ;

1064 A Tip Worth a Million: or, How a‘Boy Worltéd

It In Wall Street. . . V _ V’ 

1065 .l3i1ly.I tlhe ésabin Boy: or, The Treasure of Skeleton’ -

svan . . . , _

1066 Just His‘Luck; 01-. Climbing the Ladder ofltame

and or-tune.  '

1067 Out With His Own Circus; or, The Success at a.
Young Barnum. _ - - ,4 g I/,

1068 Playintg 1:01‘ Money: or. The Boy Trader of Wall
> me . ~

1069 The Boy Copper Miner: or. Ted Brown’s Rise..,t

 

., rec . . V

1071 Striking It Rich; or. From Oﬁlce Boy To Me
chant Prince » a

1072 Lucky in 'Wall Street: or. The Boy Who‘ Trimme
t e Brokers. '

o the . op. _ _
1074 Bullion the Marke: or. The Messenger Who gworkeﬂ
a Corner. '

1075 After‘ the 1Big Blue Stonezor. The Treasure of: th
e

Jung . . .
1076 Little Jay Perkins, the Broker; or. Shearing 1:}:
all Street "Lambs" 7

Miners. , y ,
1078 Coming litrioney; or. The Boy Plunger ot= ‘Wall

V Stree. «
1079 Among the Tusk Hunters; or. The Boy Who Found
a Diamond Mine. ‘ - 1. _
1080 A Game Boy: o.r,.From the Slums to Wall Street,
1081 A Wai_f’s Legacy; or, How It Made a Poor Boy

Rich. ~ . . .r
1082 Fighting the Money Kings; or. The Little Speciil
lator of Wall Street. - ~ 2 _ ~ "
1083 A Boy With Grit; or. The Young Salesman‘W,li
Made His Mark. - v . r , b
1084 Ted. the B_roker’s Sun: or. Starting Out For Him

S . ' . V
1085 Dick Darrelrs Nerve; or, From Engine-House to
Manager's Office. ' 
1086 Under _A' Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made
, lllI0l'l in Wall Street. ,  _  '1'
1087 .Ja\ck’%v Fogtune; or, The Strangest Legacy Tinhizha
or . .  _ '
1088 Taking nees; or, Pia in For Bi Stokes. 3
1089 L0stKIn.% Tropics; or.yT§e Treasugre or mmeuu
9 . , . , ,

1090 Ten Silent Brokerspor, The Boy Who’ Brok ‘
.  Wall Street Syndicate. - y,

   
    
      

    
 
      
  
  

    
   
      
 
   

For sale by-/all newadealers, or will’ be 
address onrecelpt of price, Sc. per copy,‘ 13;" 
postage stamps. ' ‘. ;, ,3  .

Wnsrnunr ‘ PIIBIJSHING (:o.,; inc.
'.:;1"'°.*'*~‘m

  

      
 

   

  
 

