    
   

BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
,5 5§ OCTOBER 24. 1924 Price 8 Cent.

Fill  0.

L Bogs wuo MAKE Mann.

 

§

?
4
?
i
2-
 s~.'-?: 1» '
‘EL-3.996

. . ‘N -» .' ‘ «V... ’ * " ,,__
Grasping the mother by the elbow and the child around the waist. Jack Eaviland leaped do
into the swirling waters Fortunately for the success of the brave boy’: efforts, 1
man swam np and took M13. Blake on‘ his hands.

 

 

  MAcAimEs,% NOVEL’s 

,   Exchanged. Writé in: M ,
 .;%.ggm~p;in1j;ivecent mats, 0urSpoc'Ijﬂ M j
 «   «‘="‘=‘%~‘v‘,"'«‘*"‘3»f9"""«"%‘7.°“‘$’%'r"- ¢ % 

  
 
  

 
  
  
 
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
     

-K.

 FAME

C
Wegt1’3d Street. New York. N. \-

J:  995 A

‘ ’5,C_HAPTER I.—-In Which Sam Dyke‘C§ets'A Por-
‘ ’ tion of What is Coming £0 Tim-

f  - - ~ th .
'§’§§1§§,'.i?e3‘ ?.’éi“'ria'v‘ii£.'n5? °§s”ie“2mrfZ§
urge basket of ﬁsh from one shoulder to the
. . “I wish that hotel was down by the
-instead of hgnging on by its eyelids to
Stone Rock, as it is called. I wonder
3580" many summer visitors ﬂock up here?
iv... .- ‘are just as good hotelsmuch more con-'
algnient to’ the villageh and the llwoat landéng.

.. it beeau ' i ceare:-an'more
.... up‘ on thzese celigisr aid the View ﬁner.
 see ﬁolgig distance over the lake from

« Stone . ‘ _

.1; ‘ts of his burde . Jack strode bnsklv up
, ' " R path which 1 from the little village

Hplderness, on the Wiscﬁnsiii tsgiorehog Igake
.- « to th me ote at a eel)
.. -, ‘the, yeare pggiousron Storm Stone Rock,
* highest point of the beetling cliffs that
_  .. for some distance along that part of
,8tate, their base,laved or bounded. as the
~ ‘might be. by the waters of the meat Ameri-
Jack was a strapping fellow of six-

- rocks curling over a“brow which
all ‘kinds of weather had
A as brown as a harry. Although a_ boy
. ‘he was a man in strength and exne 1-
Aor'on hiizlsn yotung slzoulders.  tthe
‘ ' ' a anal‘ y w c a re-
- lfmlzmiiupieéi gale had ten ratherless
ﬁfteen month: before.
waapn expert young ﬁsherman. and till?’
_nnnmer had contracts for supplying all
. hotels and boarding-houses in the
 at the village. where he '

Z  were not a few of them. For an
’ —'lie had the non of a poor carpenter.

'  had trained in the mess-.--a burly.
'.“"' .. lad, named Tom ‘Oliver. W110 ‘'38
as an out. and thoroughly devoted

’ explains wh our hero was tramping
‘ cxsrwun . heyavy basket of ﬁsh on his
' ' in June; which ﬁsh
Stone Reel: Hotel,
-toaeeei ‘

    
  
  
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
 
   
  
 

 

vi‘!

    
  

  
 
   
 
  

    

Are. You A Radio Fan? Read Page 24. .
AND FGRTUNE WEEKLY ‘

 "'°""“""‘""""”"‘°" °'i"" “"0 9" y°'”!rfiuii»'x'-«5‘«i'a.§;i’ix’?»io}1;«1-<'1ass Mam-r. October 4. 1911. no 2

H“. po_q,.om.,,. gt New York. _.\'.. 11. under the Act of March 3. 1879.

‘NEW roux. OCTOBER‘ 24. 1924

on T0‘ success

a‘ ‘on, rm: BOY wno cor AHEAD

By A SELF-MADE MAN

-after a heavy storm. S

 shrubbe

nreign. moo. Harry I-‘.. Wolﬂ. Publisher. “I0-. W6

Price 8 Cents.

\

 

to ‘rest. dropping the basket on a convenient
IOC .

Two‘ or three good-sized summer hotels were to
be seen at various points of vantage, while a
number of cottages and boarding-places peeped
out here and there from amid the foliage on the
outskirts of the village. About a mile off shore,
Hi the midst of a of dangerous reefs which‘
marked the approac Holderness, was anchor- -
ed the Gull lightsh small vessel, looked
about by four men. who, in turn, spent one
week in every four ashore. --

One of these men. a thickset. surly disposi-
tioned man named Levi Dyke, a ﬁsherman by
occupation before he joined the crew of the light-
ship, had been a personal enemy of Jack's father.
ﬁnd was by no means favorably disposed toward

he boy, himself. The cause of his enmity lay
in the fact ‘that he had been an unsuccessful ‘
suitor for the hand of the girl Tom Haviland
married, now Jack's mother. Levi subsequeutlv '
married a woman who led him a dog's life while
she lived, and left him father and son, christen-
ed Sam. who wasvery like both parents rolled
into one, which isn’t sayimr much in his favor.

The other member of the Dyke farnily was a‘
pretty golden haired girl called Gypsy Dying-
a foundling. who had been picked up somewhere
along shore when two yﬁars old. by Levi Dyke

e had been the drudge -.
of the family ever since she was old enough '
to be useful. and since the death of the un-
lamented Mrs. Dyke, took full care of the small
house in which Sam Dyke was lord of all he
surveyed when his father was on duty at the
lightship. i »

As Jack was about to pick up the basket of
fish preparatory to resuming _5is clunb to the
top of the cliﬂ. he heard 8 Klﬂlsh Scmim 1!! “*0

nar ‘distance. «..
‘That's Gypsy,’f
the direction whence the sound

in had come.

“I'll bet Sam Dyke is up to’ some more of  i
\mean tricks.

I'd like to punch his face for
him.” .\ ,

A frown gathered on the 1.5;’; face. andileav-‘
ing the basket where it was. he no a
by-path leading to a level spot overgrown whit,

 

 

he exclaimed. turning his race; .‘

 
   
  
   
  
    
 
   

   
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
 

. ON. TO.
go home if you want me to." Jack heard Gypsy
say in pleading accents. _ _

“Shut up. you whin’ little foundlin‘. or I'll
wallop the stuﬂin’ outer yer," ﬂoated down the
disagreeable voice of Sam Dyke. “Yer aint got
i that Haviland feller at ye_r back now to pertect

, yer, and I'm goin’ ter give it ter yer to get
, square for all back scores he cheated me out of.
d’ye understand?"

The words were followed by a blow and 8
suppressed cry from the girl. White with anger,
Jack dashed forward. clear-ing_the mtervenmz
 space and, confronting the pair, snatched the

switch out of Sam Dyke's hand and brought it
J down with no light Sorce upon the youmz T880315

shoulders. Sam. who was sixteen years_0f 828-
‘ and burlier looking than Haviland. gave a roar
, of pain and sprang backward. His heels caught
in a bit of tangled‘ underbrush and he fell on
t . his back. . _ _

' “Oh. Jack!” cried Gypsy. With a_ little shriek
‘ of delight, laying one hand conﬁdingly "on her
nrotector’s arm, “I'm so glad to SEE YW-
’ “And..I’m glad I was close at hand to save
you from that young.brutl_!.” replied the boy.
encircling the gii-l’s waist with his left arm. _

1“,Yah.'you beast!" yelled" Sam. Sllitlmt “D In
the bushes. “Jest you wait till dad runs across
He’s goin’ to‘ pay yer §or all ye!‘ Ve done
to me.” ., ~

V “Why don't you stand up like arnan and try to
getlsquare yourself ?‘” retorted Jack, contemptu-
038 Y- . .

.. Darn yer, I kin lick, yer,” shouted young Dyke.
smash yer good for nuttin' yer oar into
I my affairs.” ‘

  

‘IIIXIOIJS face to await the issue between the boys.
At thatimoment Sam made 8 rush, _full of venge-
ful combativeness. _’I_‘hen soi_netliing\ happened
that dissipated. his vision of victory. Biff!
_ heady went back’ as though struck by a small
‘ver. Thump! He staggered under a blow
'03 liia. chest. Swat! 7‘ at tii_ne he got‘ a sock-
dulager on the jaw. and with a howl that"would
L, have -put a famished hyena to the blush he went
’ down into’ the bushes. a thoroughly whipped boy.
‘liege three blows did the business for him, and
had not want any more. _ ..
—“Oh. my jaw!" he wliined. “You've broken
jahw.  beast. and now ,1 can’t eat no.more_
o . to .
 S ._ up out of that!" roared Jack. “Get up.
A wsamthump ﬂtm :1gm?’ty d 'th f '
 sprang o s ee an.w1 a urious
iouli. darted air down the path by which» he had
‘ Gypsy to browbeat ‘her-

  

     

  

    
 

rc-u——--

,CI_1_A>P'l'ER'II.-—Gyit
L V ';liax;l>$;;!Lahouted'ulack.after him.
bug I tqtriﬁegdook over his rshouli_ier.

   
   
  

l l .5.‘ , 9,7 U . r
ﬂhﬂ"ys:.°1‘lieahmeé ‘I'll killve
dip ‘var’ And I211 wtﬁovftlxe atuﬁ1n'

too ‘~  if Yer. don't colic

  

‘ the elder Dyke, furiously.

‘Gypsy stood back with clasped hands and-

His S

/with me and help, in: give this,young 

. alacrity- ‘
V Joyce also expressed his willingness to be
of ‘the part "

‘:"-"Get that piece of rope,

   

SUCCESS

 

I hear of it,” cried Jack. in a tonewhich showed =1};
he/meant; business, “I'll break every bone in your
body the first time I meet you again.” 3

When Sam reached the Dyke cottage he found 5:.
that his father had just come ashore for a 
week's lay-oﬁ. He as in the house. drinking
with '1 Joyce and ette Hague. two‘ congenial
spirits. also members of the lightship crew, who '
hadrowed him ashore. ~ ,

“What’s the matter with your face ’.' " demanded
the senior Dyke, when his precious son entered
the kitchen where the three men were seated.

“Fell down and scratched it.” _replied Sam; ’
sulkily. ’ ' « 

“Looks as if he'd been ﬁghtin’,” grinned Bill _
‘Joyce. “Look at that lump on his jaw.” . ‘E

“Have you been ﬁghtin’. you young whelp?" ~
howled Levi Dyke. making a move to get up 
and hunt for the thick rope’s end he occasionally
applied? to his hopeful’s back, whereupon Sam
sprang for the- door and laid his hand on" the
knob. “Have you been ﬁghtin’. I say?” continued
“Why don't you open
that meat trap of yours and answer me?" “

“Yes, I was fightin’.’’ Sam admitted. slowly.
“I was fightin’ with Jack I-Iavilandf‘. .

“Who,” roared Levi Dyke. his eyes blazing like 5
live coaLs. , 3

“And he licked you, too. didn’t he '."' said the
man,-in a suppressed tone. . .

“He didn’t give me no fair show,” protested
Sam. who was ashamed to admit a fair defeat f
in the presence of his father's associates.

“What did he do? Did he hit you when you '
wasn't lookin’?" ; "

“Yes.” replied Sam. unblushingly. ._ 

“The infernal young whelp! So he took you . '
off your guard and pounded your face like that, 
did he? Where is he now?” ' ’ '

“Up the cliﬂ’ talkin’ to Gyp.” ’, ,_

“Talkin’ to Gyp!" cried Levi._furiously. “Didn5t “

 

   
 
    
  

«I tell her to have nothin' more to do with that , 

     
 

monkey. or I'd skin her alive‘! Didn’t you hear
me tell her t at?” -- ‘ . .
“Yes. dad;-’ ut she don't seem to care what. I
yer say.” - , , V L.
“She don’t, eh? We'll see about that. But.‘ "
first I'm item’ to attend -to Jack Havilandt MI
dust his lacliet for him. the measly cub! I'll‘
let him know that he can't walk over my son." .1
°“He ain’t afraid of yer, dad.” said Sam. do-
airona of" easing his parent on. ' 7 .
/ “0h..he ain’tl Did he say that?” 
“Be as good as said it," replied Sam. to whom‘
a. lie of any color was a matter of no im--'“
portance. ' ‘

“Look here,UJoyce, and’ you, Hague. Come

    
     

  
      
       
 

 
    
  
       
 

    
  

      
    

the lickinf of his life. »  . ,5 
“I'm with yer. Dyke." said Hague, rising 

., .2‘
€'

   
  

 

Y. . 4

 
 
      

along. Aftu-'_ive’ve7licked hiya zoodand )

we'll dangle him over thecliﬂ and teen 
to death. ,.So he said ,. , v
We'll see‘whethei~.lio isf,
 mean

t 

   
   

     

E
e?

    

    

  

‘  ‘ ON TO success 3

- ing to Gypsy Dyke in the hollow of the cliff
" whe Sam had got his knockout. ‘

 “ ack." said Gypsy, with. great earnestness

v “what is a foundling?”

2; ' “A foundling! What do you ask that ques-
tion for, Gyp 1”’ asked the boy, in some surprise.

_ _ “Because I want to know what it means."

1:‘ . “A foundling is a child ho is picked up some-

 where. without any clue _ to who its parents

'. are. A
 “Then that must be me, for Sam calls me a
'. foundling, and so does father."

5,,’ ‘ “‘I guess so. You know Levi Dyke isn't your
T father, nor is Sam Dyke your brother. In fact,
 you're no relation to them at all, I’m glad to

say. Everybody in Holderness knows that you

. were washed ashore from some wreck during a
Aqbig storm on the lake about twelve years ago.
y and that Levi Dyke found you in a box attached
~ to a small spar that had been swept into a
 crevice in the rocks." ” V '

* “Yes, so Sam had told me. And one day, when
he was very angry with me. he said he had a
treat mind to ﬂing. me back’ into the waves
y I knew I .was an orphan. but
Jiilid not know before what he meant when he
tailed me a foundling. I thought me meant
W something cruel when he called me that."
 ‘Wen. it's a mean thing for him to be con-
;-. santly throwing your early misfortune in your
5'; face; but. then, I don’t think there is anything
‘too mean for Sam Dyke to do or say.”

u “I wish I was your sister, Jack,” said Gypsy,
wistfullv. ’

  
  

 
  
  
    

‘emphasis.

- After a little further conversation Jack ne-
;, membered that he must be going or he would
riﬂe too late with his ﬁsh. So he excused himself
Lﬁiapd left her standing there and went_ back to
—"=, his , which he shouldered and continued his
gt glimb to the top of the cliﬂ’.

,, .
3,; . _’ _—:——

   
  

, V J -
CHAPTER III.-Whei-ein Jack is Besieged in
3, the Observatory.

 When Jack reached the hotel he went around
 the ’steward’s quarters. The ﬁsh was duly
wﬁyeighed and the boy received an_ order on the
'g.cashier_for his pay. As the cashier was at his
‘-ﬁesk in the rotunda. where Jack couldn't very
gI'ell ‘go, the steward sent his assistant to get
 calhed. When he camelwack he handed

' moneyed the boy. Jack tucked it away

«  inner poc ct and. taking his basket under
 left the hotel yard. ‘
On his way back to the downward path by
‘x ’he had come Jack stopped at a small oc-
_ - building near the edge of the cliff. —. It
A a, single little room, octagonal in‘ shape.
mi ted on eight posts that raised it about
- feet from theyground. A ﬂight of narrow

' ~ with a door in the side
 directly av_ra_v.from the lake As Jack

‘_ -  stcpl. three men and h boy hove

_i!d Jack out to his father and the other

 

“I wish you was. too.” replied the boy, 

The boy was Sam Dyke, and he-

two. The young ﬁsherman did not observe the
approach of the enemy until they .had arrived
close to the observatory.

The whole aspect of the newcomers was men-
acing, and the fact that Sam was with them
convinced Jack that he was the object they were
after. If he had entertained the slightest doubt
of this fact, it was dissipated when Levi Dyke
led the forces to the foot of the stairs and order-
ed Haviland to come out of the observatory.

S “What do you want with me 2'” asked Jack,
standing in the doorway. ~

“Are you comin' down. or must we come up
there and get you?” roared Levi Dyke. in the
tone of an officer commanding a fortress to sur-
render or take the consequences.

Jack had a strong objection to either of the
suggestions oﬁered by the elder Dyke. for he
easily guessed what he would be up against the
moment they laid their hands upon him.

“No,” he said; “I'm not coming down.”

“Then we'll fetch "you down, and we'll lick
vou twice. as hard for givin’ us the trouble of
goin’ after you.” said Dyke, senior.

“Better keep back." replied Jack. picking up
a heavy Malacca cane that stood within his
reach. “I’m not going to be whipped if I can
help myself. And I warn you that I'll give
you all the ﬁght you want." '

He looked cool and determined, and the he-
siegers did not like his attitude for a cent. How-
ever, they did not dream for a moment that

one boy. though a stout one. would_ be able to .

stand them off even a little bit.

Levi Dyke. being suﬂicientlv primed with
liquor to make him uncommonly bold, led the
assaultgwith Joyce and Hague close behind, while
Sam prudentlv remained on the ground, an in-
terested observer of the proceedings. ' As Levi
dashed up the stairs and made a rush for the
door," Jack fetched him a rap alongside the head
that ‘made him think the observatory had fallen
in and buried him in the debris. He tumbled
back upon Joyce, who in turn collided with
Hague, and the result. was that the three be-
siegers tumbled backward down the stairs and
landed in a heap at the bottom, to their ow
chagrin and Sam's amazement. ’ '

When they picked themsehes up‘ they were a L V

mighty mad trio. and each said things that would
not bear repeating. They formed in line for
a_ second attack. with Joyce in the lead. but this
time_ they proceeded with more caution. Jack
awaited the assault as deliberately as before, and
when Joyce got within easy reach he made a
feint to strike him as he had done Levi Dyke, and
the man ducked. as the boy expected he would.
Then quick as a wink he fetched Joyce an awful
jab in the stomach.-and back. he went on\Hague.
who slipped and fell upon Dyke. senior, and once
more they had to extricate themselves from a
confused jumble at the foot of the stairs.

They held an angry ‘consultation as to what
should be done next, for it seemed
direct attack had its disadvantages.
of the confab was that it was decided to put
Sam _in the lead to bear the brunt, on the sup-
position that Haviland would not hit him as hard
as he had the men. .

in that a _
e result '

    

' “I don’t want to gd up first," strenuously nb«
iected Sam. “He'll kill me with that cane.”
“Well. you've got to lead the way, whether you
like it or not.”~ cried Levi Dvke. seizing his son
by the ear and marching him to the foot of the
stairs. - ‘
Sam roared and kicked. and gave the besiegers
y no end of trouble. While the enemy was in _a
state of temporary confusion, Jack wondered if
he could not play a march on them by leaving
the observatory unnoticed. He ﬁgured that he
'could'pass out’of the front window and climb
to the roof of the building, from -which the
overhanging branches of the tree close by would
aﬂord him the means of reaching the ground.
Before Jack was ready to retreat to the shelter
of the tree the attacking party had formed once
‘mom. with the reluctant and frightened Sam
at their head.
— As Sam was pushed forward step by step.
i he yelled murder at the top of his voice. Two
.or three of the hotel guests heard the uproar
and came toward the observatory to ﬁnd out
., what the trouble was. Jack swunz his cane to
_ and fro with such a vicious sweep that Hague
‘ became fearful that he would scatter Sam's
.2 . brains over the stairs,’ and he refused to push
j J the ‘boy within the .pen'|ous circle-
By this time the three guests came up and
 began to inquire into the cause of the ‘rumpus.
‘This took the rascals’ attention away from Jack,
o and the boy decided to beat a retreat from the
’ observatory. As a preliminary to the venture he
‘slanuned the door of the building to and placed
the cane against it to hold it shut. Then he
he pjxdimbed out of the window overlooking the lake
.  and scrambled to the peaked roof. From. the
 roof he c ' bed into the branches of the big
~ r tree that . rshadowed it and moved down to
the central crotch. Perching himself securely
in his new retreat. Jack paused to examine the
situation again. V ‘ . i
, Tohis surprise. the enemy gave no sign of
»having'observed his change of base. Levi Dyke
V was trying to impress the fact upon the hotel
visitors that he and his associates were ‘in the
,, right. As Jack had no voice in the proceedings.
, ‘the guests were unable to fully decide the ques-
‘av ' ‘thin; but. as it was none of their business, they
‘ [prudently made no eﬁort to interfere. At this
stage of the matter a bright idea struck Hague.
He. suxsested that. while he and_ Joyce made an
assault on the door, Dyke. senior, should take
ha sonaround to the front and boost him into
the window.’ He calculated ‘that. thus placed
.het7I‘eon two ﬁres,gthe besieged would surely be
J’  Jack watched them with a chuckle
:5: satisfaction. < r ‘

  
   

  

    
  
        

      
     
     

 
  

got out of that‘ place inst in time,” he said‘

If. as~he'_perceiv_ed the strateiltic YDOVG
' ‘had been adopted by the enemy.

  

thee: ‘yrs. while‘ Levi *Dyke shoved his son
‘ .1135 front windo .. The door yielded to

  

  

ry rwith arias extended to stash

   

J  on To ‘success’ ,

‘the water, which lay calm and deep below. liked»

( ..kR'bein ‘ readygthe two lightship men‘ rushed ,

iﬁt; and -Joyce»-and Hague. dashed iI1t0,7

  
  
  
    
  
   
   
     
 
     
   
  
     
  

CHAPTER IV.——Describes How Jack Eludes His
- h Enemies.

The moment Joyce and Hague entered the ob-
servatory. Jack Haviland decided that the aus-
picious moment had arrived for him to retreat
from the scene. So down the tree trunk scram-
bled Jack, and off he started at full speed for _
the path down the cliif. Levi saw him directly
and let out a yell of warning. Joyce and Hague
came dashing out of the observatory in time to
see Jack running along the edge of the clitfs.
The three men started after him in hot pursuit.

Jack looked back as he ran, and saw that
the men were closing in on him, and that he
would have to put his best foot forward if he
wished to elude them. He was pretty conﬁdent r
in his own running powers, for not a boy in
Holderness could compete with him in point of
speed. He soon found, however,‘ to his great
dismay, that Bill Joyce was faster.

Jack possessed one advantage over his pur- ‘
suers. which was that he knew every inch of
the cliffs which he would. have to traverse in
order to place himself out of danger. and he , .
rapidly made ug his mind‘ to head for a certain‘
point from whi h he could make his way down :
to a, cave known as the “Gu1l’s Nest," with the '
labyrinths of which very few people were ac- .
quainted. —

_ I-Ie strained every nerve to reach the dc-. *
sired point, and. by dint of a tremendous spurt.
managed to,achie_ve his object while the light- 
ship man was still a dozen yards away from i“
him. At this point the cliffs were fully a hun- =
dred feet high. and went almost sheer down to _

 

a great mill-pond. To the casual eye it would 1‘;
have seemed an impossibility to descend the cliﬂ,
at this point. but Jack, as we said before. was’
well acquainted with the diﬂiculties of the de- ’
scent, and knew that. even if he was followed,'i£ hi
he could get past a certain point safely, he
would be beyond reach of his pursuers. ‘

Jack hastily swung himself over the edge of.-
the cliff. and, taking advantage of every root,‘,
bush and projection. rapidly placed a conside —~i
able distance between himself and the -summit.
Joyce arrived at the spot the boy had just quitted ~
and came to a pause. J _.

“I guess we’ll have to give it up as a. bad .job',"*«~. A
remarked Joyce. “I wouldn't go down there *
after him for ’a wad of money.” _ .."

“Give up nothin’." growled Levi. swiftly mark,‘
ing the progress of Haviland. “I’m goin' after"
him Myself. and I'll catch him. too." ,

_Levi Dyke knew a good, bit about that clif
himself. He knew practically every point of
vantage Jack would have to avail himselfof
And his knowledge showed him how, by .»the aid 
of 'the long rope Sam was bringing up, he could,
quickly havc_,hims'elf lowered down the face»;
the cliff to a point where he would ‘be able to
intercept the fugitive. . -'

He motioned to .his son to‘ hurry, 
cameaup on the‘,¢run., Levi hastil uroceededﬁtwy
fasten one*end ofthe line round ‘a waist, '
this time Jackﬁiad tied _

d -out. from the .cli,ﬂ'.* -when J

   
   
       
       
    
  

    
   
     
  

  

       
    

‘ledge he

  

     
 

ON TO SUCCESS. ' 5 _

burly form of Levi Dyke was being lowered by
. ‘means of a rope. What could he do now in the
_face ‘of certain capture?

1 “I'm afraid that rope has cooked my goose,"
 he breathed disconsolately. “It is too bad. when
 ._ I felt so sure of giving them the slip.”

' The mere idea of his utter helplessness _made
._ V . in; set his teeth together and look down in the

' irection of the beach. It lay over one hundred
feet a little to the right. But directly beneath
and in front of him he knew the water was very
deep and without obstructions. Instantly he re-
’ solved what he would do.

He would jump into the lake.

Sam Dyke, with a grin of delight, was bend-
ing over the edge of the cliff, intently.watch-
in: the fugitive, and--directing the paying out
of the rope that brought his father closer and
closer upon his prey. t '

“We’ve got him," he shrieked, in a tone of
satisfaction, as he saw his father reach down
to grasp Jack's collar. _ . _ _ _

.~~ But he was mistaken, for Haviland _ier_ked him-
“. '..‘,_.self to one side and leaped straight out into mid-
’,-’,’$»'a.ir. Keeping his body perfectly stiff, he shot
'.,through the intervening space, and fell into the
‘lake with a splash that sent all the ulls in
“the neighborhood screaming away. Spjlbound,

gt Sam Dyke and the two men above. as well as

- ’ himself, gazed at the spot where Jack fell.-

eeling pretty certain thathe had met his death
M “by. adopting such a desperate means to avoid
—§_€f.=‘r'_ falling into their clutches. _ . '
5*“; ‘ ‘But Jack was a first-rate diver and swimmer,
-‘ and a few seconds after he disappeared he rose
‘ +,7-,>:~.to the surface of the water and struck out. for
T" the nearby ‘patch of beach where he sat down.
Levi Dyke was hauled back to the _top of the cliff,
and vented his disappointment with a string of
jjimpreeations not pleasant to listen to. .

..;

  
    
  
 

 

_”cii.u>'ri-:R' V.—Treats of a Conversation that
- Jack Overlfeard.

a «When Jack had fully rested himself he got
up and -prepared to make his way _to Holderness
‘along the base of the cliffs. Having reached a
sheltered nook within half a mile of the village.
Slack removed,his clothes and spread them out
‘on-abig rock at the foot of the cliﬂ‘ to dry.
He then buried himself, all but his head. in
jtlie soft, warm sand, and began toconsider how
'«j_ia- should avoid a subsequent encounter with the
burly Levi Dyke. While he was thus employed,
‘- two men approached the spot and sat down on

«a .-rock within earshot of him. One of these Jack
rgneognized as Isaac Naylor. a lawyer, and the
 "richest man in Holdemessg -

-:* The other man was Amos Flint. his chief clerk
 general man of business. He‘was slight
 wore his black coat buttoned close

“Of course you understand.~Mr. Flint," Mr.
’ was saying, ‘that this new arrangement
Milwaukee Steamboat Company to run 3
Aids  summer is going to inter-
_ ‘the interests

  

  

  

  

,.

   

i am 'tll€,;PIln-

 
  

l’

gmtge. Lake Nichisan"

 
  

,.

“rs; ‘ 

“Certainly, sir,” replied his companion, ob-
sequiously; “so I told Mrs. Flint and the little
Flints, when I saw that the bills announcing the
fact had been posted in allthe public places.”

“In ‘spite of my persistent opposition these
people have secured the right to use the steam-
boat wharf this season, and this letter, which I.
have just received from our Milwaukee agent,
informs me that their new boat, the Sylph, will
make her first trip up to-day. She is due here
at ﬁve-thirty this afternoon.” -

“Very good, sir—that is, I mean very bad, sir,”
replied his clerk.

“It is intolerable, Mr. Flint, now that Holder-
ness has developed into the most popular resort
on the lake, .that a rival should cut into the V _,
business that rightfully belongs to the Lake "w
Michigan Navigation Company.” _'-_

“Quite right. sir.” V ' ;

“It struck me that? if something were to hap- '  .
Den—sometl‘u'ng, mind you, that would shake the -:
confidence of the public in this new line——it would , 3
be to our advantage.” ‘

“Yes, sir——-if something only would, sir.”

“By the way, Mr. Flint, yo have called at
the office of the Holdemess i] and Gasoline ,_
Works several times during the last two weeks - }_~
to renew the contract for carrying their product, a A ’
haveii’t you 1”’

“Certainly. sir." ‘ V

“You didn't succeed in getting the manager's ' _,,'
signature to our printed form, did you?" . ’ ’ ' ;'~

“No, sir. I regret—-—" “
_ “Of course you do, Mr. Flint. You regret to
Say that the -company has just signed with the _ <
op-position steamboat company. which throws us ,,_i
out in the cold with regard to a very eonsider- 
able amount of freight that we had counted
upon.”- . . g

“Yes, sir." _ »;

“When the Sylph leaves the wharf to-morrow A '
morning on her return trip I understand that
she will carry ﬁftybarrels of gasoline and oil.

Do you follow me?’ . . _

"Certainly, sir. I am all attention” ‘ ’ 
_ ‘Now, Mr. Flint, if that oil was to catch ﬁre ' *1
in some mysterious way when the steamboat 
was well on her way to Milwaukee, what would
happui?"

“She'd burn up, wouldn’t she, sir 2"

“I think the chances are about a hundred to
one that she would.” replied Hr. Naylor, dryly.
' “That would be a most unfortunate catastro-
phe, sir.”

“Undoubtedly——for the Milwaukee Steamboat
C0mpany._ They’d lose their new boat, and prob-
ably the conﬁdence of the public.”

“Very true. sir.” »

“And the Lake Michigan Navigation Company
would be the gainer." '
_ “That's right. sir.
likely toJxiai;‘pen.c:ir." as Oh _

“ ou in su ya ca tro e very remote,
eh?” said Mr. Naylor, slyly, ~> ' ,
_‘§That is wliat_I was about to observe, sir.’

Nqwy Hr. Flmt. suppose I were to send you 1‘
to Milwaukee to-morrow mornhig on business.-'.=‘

“onbusinesﬁi sir!’ "-. " ' I
'.";?'°.‘ii.391YT9n And You

.-onﬁwsrlrhz ‘

4

       
     
         
   
   
     
   
    
   
      

But such a thing is n_at" 1

      
   
  

    
 
 
 

      
  
     

  

6 I I ~ ON To success

“On the Slyph! Why, sir, you wouldn't have
me patronize the opposition "

“I said suppqse you were to take passage on
the Sylph. because you lmow that she is a
faster and newer boat than the Holderness, and
consequently would land you in Milwaukee sooner
than if you went by the old-established line."

“Yes, sir; but————” began the clerk, in a puz-
zled way.

“Don't interrupt me, Mr. Flint," went on Mr.
Naylor, in a brusqne way. “Suppose, I say, you
were to do this, and that while on board you
casually walked down onto the freight deck, and
your curiqsity should induce you to stroll to where
the gasoline barrels were piled. Do you follow
me?” .

“Certainly, sir,” hastily answered the clerk, who
clad not a very clear idea what his employer was
trying to get at. V

“I believe you smoke, Mr. Flint?”

“Yes, sir; but Mrs. Flint and the little———”

“Never mind about your family, sir,” said—Mr.
Naylor, testily. “As you smoke, it woul be the
most natural thing in the world for you to light
a ciga

“Not near the oil barrels, sir.” ‘

“Why not?" demanded the lawyer, sharply.

“I hope not, sir. Mrs. Flint said. "

“Will you. kindly leave Mrs. Flint out of this
matter, sir?"

“Certainly, sir.
that-—”

“But I don’t want to hear what you were about
to observe. Attend to me, please. It is my pur-
pose’ that you do take the Sylph for Milwaukee
tomorrow morning; that you go down to the
freight deck; that when you locate the gasoline
barrels you light a cigar close to—one of them,

I was only about to observe

through the bung of which you had previously‘

bored a hole with a large gimlet and inserted a_
piece of fuse, to’ the outer end of which you apply
,the ﬂame of a match with which you had lighted
your cigar; and then you walk away and leave
the fuse to do the rest. _Do you understand me ?"
“Why, sir, that would’ be a felony, sir!" gasped
the clerk,’ with a white face.

“What of it, Mr. Flint?” asked the lawyer,
coldly. “You would be working in the interests
of the Lake ‘Michigan Navigation ' Company,
wouldn’t you?” -

“Yes, sir,” replied ‘the clerk, faintly; “but————”

“W ill you attend to me? I need scarcely remind
you that our interests are to a certain extent
identical. If the Milwaukee Steamboat Company

I runs the Navigation Company out of business, as

with terror.

“You mustn’t be detected, Mr. Flint.
would ruin everything."

“I'll do it, sir,” replied the ‘clerk, hastily. “I
hope you will allow me something extra as a com-
pensation for the risk I'm taking. It would kind
of ease my conscience "

“Your what?"

“My conscience, sir.

that———"
V “_Humph! If I were you, Mr. Flint,-l’d get rid
of it. ’T1s only a drawback to a man in your

position. Well, I have no objection to paying you
the sum of two hundred and ﬁfty dollars as a
bonus if you do the job up to the handle.”

“Thank you, sir. It will buy Mrs. Flint and the
little Flints—oh, Lor’! what was that?”

Jack Haviland, who had been an attentive lis- . 

tener to the diabolical scheme in question, had
inadvertently sneezed and attracted to him the
attention of both Mr. Isaac Naylor and his ras-
cally clerk.

CHAPTER VI.—The Price of Silence.

. Mr. Naylor sprang" to his feet with an exclama-
tion that_did not sound well from the lips of a
mag: of his. standing in the community. Both he
an M12 Flint gazed almost stupeﬁed at the naked
ﬁgure of Jack Haviland as it emerged from the

sand and then squatted within a couple of yards :

o1 them.

Jack did not open his mouth, but coolly waited‘ 

for some move on _the part of the men before him.

.‘‘How long have you been here ?"
Naylor, m a compressed tone.
“Ever since/ you two came and sat on that
rock."

“Then . you heard every word we said?” he
remarked hoarsely.

- “Every word," coolly responded J ackfwhb fully 
realized the import of the conversation, and con- 
sequeutly felt little respect or consideration for 7-
the man who had planned the destruction of the

new boat of the opposition steamboat line.

As for Mr.. Flint, he simply looked 
The president and principle owner ”:

of the Lake Michigan Navigation Company saw

that the boy, whom he recognized as Jack Havi- _‘
land, the young ﬁsherman of Holderness, had him J’

in his power,'and could ruin him if he chose to
s

cal—the word applied to him in spite of his good

clothes and respectable reputation—and he did not’ I

That i

The inward monitor . H I

 

emanded Mr- .

Mr. Naylor, however, was a resourceful ras- ii?

for an instant‘ lose his head under the ticklish 5
circumstances. ~ '
“You'd better dress yourself, young man,’ he 
saidncalmly. “I'd like to have a few words with
you. . - A.
While he was dressing himself Mr. Naylor and» '
his man Flint talked together in a low tone, and [Q
before Jack gothis jacket on the‘ clerk walked -.
off toward thesvillage at a rapid pace. Mr. Fliht 
strode up and down in front of the rock on whicltig’
.he and his clerk had been sitting. He was 
fully considering how he should deal with the ﬂy. 
He was prepared to. ﬂ'er him a considerable 
to securelhis silen and,-as he 
everybody has his  he did notydonhtlx , ‘
. 3 ;_. . y‘;

   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
    

it threatens to do, you will lose a fat job, Mr.
Flint. Therefore you see w necessary it is that '
we pull together. You are e only person I dare
trust with an enterprise of this nature, for you
.5 are p ’cally under my thumb. I can send you
to to ‘prison at any time for that little bit of
 , fats ’ . ,
. * » “/ “Olf, Lor’! don’t mention that, sir. .I’ll do any-
 rrthing you order, sir,” afreodthe clerk, in a fright.
I ~. ‘ '51 thought you wo d, Mr. Flint," replied the
'lawyer,‘grimly.._ . .' _ _ _
‘ ‘Butusir, this‘ is a/very seriousdnatter for me
_  _ -~. If I should be detected,.what woul
" ,0;  thelittle Hi

llta.

     

V-H _' v

      

   

could buy a poor ﬁshing lad. At length, Jack,
-seeing that he could not well avoid shat he
doubted not must prove an. unsatisfactory inter-
view, approached the magnate of Holderness.
“Well, sir,’ he said, rather coldly, “what is it
‘ youwishtosaytomef!" ‘ ~
- ‘I wish to know whether we can come to an
understanding with reference to what you heard
. Hr; Flint and myself talking about,” said the rich
man.

‘.‘What do you mean by an understanding?"

asked Jack. _

“Well, you overheard the details of a iit_tie pian
as, that I contemplated putting into execution, but
 i which, under the present circumstances, I will
5,.

 

  

, be obliged to abandon. If you should tell the
 story ‘about the village I should feel b0\.lI1d_tO
 ‘deny and‘ ridicule it, of course, and Mr. Flint
I  , ,.would back me up. Our united denials would un-
‘ doubtedly have more_ weight than your unsup-
ported testimony. Still, the story would greatly
embarrass me. Therefore kprefer that it should
I not get out. Do you think that two hundred and
ﬁfty dollars would put a seal on your mouth?”
Jack's lips curled scornfully._
“No, sir, I do _not,” he replied promptly.
“Perhaps if I make it ﬁve hundred dollars-——"
‘ “No, sir,'’- interrupted Jack. “I wish you to
, und that I am not for sale}:
‘Indeed,’ said Mr. Naylor, almost incredulously,
» r “you seem to be a model young chap—for a ﬁsher
. , ,

" ' "'1 do not‘ claim to be better than my associates,
Hr. Naylor,” replied Haviland. “I_ believe every
._decent bo "would scorn the proposition you have
5- .
F  ‘€011 do, eh? Fine words to mask your black-
.-"  jngiling intentions.” -
;s_ .-’ - “I an no blackmailer, Mr. Naylor.”
" “ r ’ ‘Do’ you mean to tell me that you refuse the
 ‘sum of ﬁve hundred dollars without any idea of
 bleeding me by degrees for many times that sum?
- , “That is just what I niean."_ _ .
‘ 1" ' ‘Excuse me, young man, if I disbelieve you.
 ;. -It isn't in keeping with human nature. The prin-

 

    

V

 
 
  

  ciple is inborn in every_ one to get all he can in
. _ 411.; egsiet way within his _i-each. You have man-
.-. jgedtoget me_on thehip,sotospeak. To’:
,.eertain extent I  in your power. , There isnt
--a man, or a boy, either, who wouldn t ‘push such
-an advantage to the limit. Don’t think to de-
:.'eeive a man of my years and experience. I know
the world, for I've _been up against it for over
7.. ‘forty years. We might as well understand each
_ other first as «last. Name the price of your
I silence.‘ .
“Very well, sir. ‘ I will name it.” _ _
' - » “I thought we'd come to terms,” replied the rich
with a gleam of satisfaction in his eyes. .
mfllbe price of my silence is that you give up thl:
 roject against the steamboat Sylph.
‘II:-. No or looked at Jack with unfeigned sur-

Pﬂﬂo ‘ _ .
“.What else?" he asked, almost sharply-
,"Nothing else.” ' - - _
‘ '-‘ Ir: Naylor regarded Jack asa~ rofessor might
. -V atsome new specimen of the mal kingdom
*7 _t‘ had unexpectedly come under his observa-

»  mean that. do‘ you?" he said, rather

 

 

ON TO SUCCESS 7

doubtingly. “This is not some trick to cover a
subsequent move on your part?”

“I mean just what I have said. You have the
reputation of being the wealthiest man in Hold-
erness. Well, you haven't money enough to bribe
me to hold my tongue so that you might sanely
try to carry out the scheme that you proposed to

your clerk. The destruction of the Sylph in mid-—

lake means the possible loss of many lives. Have
you weighed that fact in your calculations? If
I told what I know, I could block your game,
anyway, Mr. Naylor, and you know it. Well, I
have no particular interest in holding you up as
a mark for suspicion, so I will say nothing if
you will give me your word that you will drop
all plans you may have against the Milwaukee
Steamboat Company."

“Very well,” replied Ml‘. Naylor, “I’ll take you
at your word. I'll agree to your terms. It may
spell ruin for me, but I don't see that I can help
myself. Is that satisfactory to you?”

“ t is.”

“Then shake hands on it."

“No, sir. I prefer not to."

If a look could have killed I-laviland at that
moment, the steely ﬂash of the rich man’s eye
would have stretched him dead there on the beach.

“You can go,” he said harshly.

Jack was glad to avail himself of the chance
to leave the man.

“So, you are a boy without price, are you?”
grated Mr. Naylor, watching the retreating form
of the noble boy. “You have the nerve to dictate
terms to me, eh? Well, we shall see, my lad. I
am not a man to be easily turned from a purpose.
The Sylph is a thorn in my side that I intend to
pluck out in spite of a hundred boys of your cali-
ber. A few successful trips made by that boat
would put the Lake Michigan Navigation Com-
pany out'of business. I suppose I must stand
aside and see the business I have built up go to
my rival. Not if ‘I know myself, and I think I
do. I will have to take measures to ensure your
silence in a way that will redound best to my
advantage. You have made me your -enemy, my
lad, and it is the worst day’s work for yourself
that you ever did in your life.”

,With these words, Isaac Naylor followed-the '

steps of the boys who in every respect save
worldly position was inﬁnitely his superior.

.—<-

CHAPTER V'll.—0n Board the Lake Bird.

The arrival of the Sylph, the new boat of the

Milwaukee Steamboat Company, occasioned quite
a little excitement in -the village of Holderness.

Jack Haviland was among the crowd ofnatives
who gathered on the deck to admire the steamer.
which was thoroughly up to date in every par-
ticular; and rather cast the Holderness, the reg-
ular boat, in the shade. The pilot of the boat
was an old friend of the Haviland family, and as
soon as he saw Jack on the wharf he invited him
aboard, and then proceeded to show the boy,—for

whom he had a considerable fondness, over the . ’

craft fore and aft.

“She's a ﬁne boatyllr. Iorgan," eaid Jack, 32- -

thusiastic-nllv. when they walked ashore.

-Kg.» . .

 

27*‘

  

  
 

 *8 i i ON TO SUCCESS

“There's. none liner of her size and build on the
lake," replied the pilot. _ _ _
“She makes the Holderness look like’ thirty
cents." _ _ _
V, S ‘£1,-hguess the Hol_derness isn't in it withthe
’ p .9! - Q’
' y“Not 'even' a little bit, Jack." ‘
“Then it seems to me that the only chance the
Lake Michigan Navigation Company has IS to
7 run its boat on alternate d s with the Sylph.
:That ought to give Mr. Nay or a share, at any
rate, of the traﬁic between here and Milwaukee.”
“That was the proposition made by the Milwau-
kee Steamboat Company to its rival, in order to
do away with extreme competition, when it first
proposed to put a hgat on this route. Mr. Naylor,
who practically owns all the stock of the other
‘line’, wouldn't hear of such a thing. He'll find
that he’ll have to adopt it or suffer the conse-
quences."

  

‘i for carrying the products of the Holderness Oil
”‘ and Gasoline Works to\ Milwaukee,” said Jack.
.“I don’t know anything about t t, Jack. I
am not specially curious about an . ng not with-
in the line «of my duty.”
“I should think the traveling public would ob-
ject to such hazardous freight."
“Oh, I dare sa it will be well looked after,”

,said the pilot. he company will not take any

chances with such stuﬁ. I have no doubt it is

‘proﬁtable to transport, or the steamboat people

wouldn't handle it. Well, how is the ﬁshing busi-

ness coming on, Jack?" _ ,
“First class. This looks as if it was goirrg to

be a_ banner year for me. There are two new

,"hotels and half‘ a dozen. new boarding-l_1ouses._

'.I've got them all. As soon as the season is well

«under way I shall have my hands full keeping

"up with my orders."

I “When do you go out again, Jack?" ~
“Early to-morrow morning, if thewind serves.”
“Well, tell your mother I'll drop in and see her

‘ » when I get the chance.” . ./ . .

_ “I will. She'll be glad to see you, Mr. Morgan.”

“ ‘ ‘They parted at one of the street corners: and

Jack turned his steps ‘homeward. Halfway'up

the street he spied Sam Dyke coming out of a

aaloon with a bottle done up in a piece of paper

M lmhis hand.‘ That worthy, however, saw him,

. * too, and darted back i o the drinking-place where

‘"he_wai1;ed ‘until Jack d passed by.

After an earl tea, Haviland went down to the

small private w arf androwed out to his fishing

 the  Bird, which was about all the

“ g outside of_the_cottage and a small patch

 surrounding it, that Tom Haviland le_tt

hieiiamily when that unfortunate gale _,.closed his

-=. account. He started to Iput the boat in

 next cruise to the ﬁshing grounds

,* _ pp off the ‘like Whileﬂ thus en-

ﬁﬁaj ,_ ‘W9! ton: ,s ore. - e recog-

. «hiss‘assis£en,t’a voice ind, jumping into the

pulled for  wharf.

    
  
  
  
   
  
  
 

  
  

  
  
  

       
 
 

   

 

33am,” he said_,chna"il_y. “I see,youh;e'
I " e‘  “ 'ega;.,..g.

3ﬁi¥I!r¢?"I3!a‘alava

_ time and I couldn’t get there.”

“I’ve heardthat your company has the contract‘

  
  

. oughly compeht .to take _'the

tie?
on 3 Submit ma:
agenbgmt mearound to ask
 ‘ _ ht:-ewes '

    

adventure on the cliffs and his thrilling‘ leap into." 
the lake from thewkedge above “Gull’s Nest." 
“How is it you re not at the wharfiwhen the 
Sylph came in!" he asked Tom. “Half of the vi
villagepwas there to see the new boat." ‘ ~ ~ “-
“I was of on an errand for my father at’ the/;,

 
  

“There goes the light,” said Tom, suddenly. ,-
They both paused and gazed toward the light- 
ship. Slowly the lantern, a modest yet all-im- I;
portant luminary of the night, rose from the deck ‘
of the anchored vessel on the reef. At last it . :
reached its destination at the head of the thick _ 3
part of the single mast amidships, but about ten ,
geet below the big red and black striped ball. " K
imultaneous with the ascent of the Gulflight.
there ﬂashed on the distant horizon the gleam
from the Manacle tubular lighthouse, on the
Michigan side of the.lake, miles to the south,
Ere long the lights of the diferent hotels, board-
ing-houses and cottages throughout Holdernessf’
illuminated the darkness of evening. while far
up on Storm Stone Rock blazed forth the lights
of the new hotel. .— 1‘
“This neighborhodd looks ﬁne on a summer"?
night, doesn't it?” remarked (Jack. ,- it...
“But your life it does," replied Tom, enthusi- 
astically. “ can remember when‘ there wasn't
any hotels h reabouts, and consequently no lik'ats,__.,
ft nigﬁht to speak about—not even that there Gull“!
3111]). ‘ ‘ . .. 2 2 ;
The boys soon rowed to the wharf on their ;
way home. and thirty minutes later both were
in the land of dreams. , ' ' '

   

5.5.

  
 
 
   

 

         
 

V *1: ‘L.

     
  

CHAPTER VIII.—In Which the Unexpected:
Happens. _

A little after four in the morning Jack 
jumpedout of bed an ooked at the clock. Than I
he began to hustle in 0 his clothes. He went: ‘
down to, the kitchen, started a ﬁre in the stove
and prepared a simple breakfast for himself 1384-? '
got away with it. By that time it was quite l V 
outside, although the sun was not yet up. '
went to the front gate —to_take a look up the
road to see it’ Tom was in sight. He was not.
but a man he did not know was walking rapwy
in the direction of the cottage. Jack turned
to go down to the wharf, when he heard a, '
He looked up the road again. and saw the mat
who was approaching wave his hand at? ldm.I'~_“f

“I wonder what he wants/with me ?" thouglfﬁ»
the boy. waiting for him to come up. . , '

“You’re Jack Haviland. aren’t you ?" asked
man. coming to a pause on the other side of
fence. - ‘ 

“Yes. that's my name.” ..

“Well, John Morgan, thepilot of the Sylph,
been ta‘ken'suddcnly ill and ‘it will be out 4:!
question for him to take the boat out tlﬁa -
ing. He sent word to the company’: agent
that effect, and recommended you aabeiagi -

 
    
   
   
 
  
 

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 

    
 
   
 

     
  
      
       
 
    
   
     
     
  

   
    
  
 

   

  

   
 

  

   
 

  

 I i ON TO SUCCESS s

. ,- The man told him.
‘*1 don't see how I can afford to act as a tem-
porary pilot to.the Sylph, supposing that the
r agent offers me the job, as I can’t neglect my
. i. own business. I have contracts to supply ﬁsh

  

I; that ‘must be ﬁlled. If I can get there.I must
1 ' .be at the ﬁshing grounds by noon, a considerable

E

to the north.”

‘Can't vou get some one to take your place for

-the trip ?”
- “I suppose I could do that, of course.,b\1t I
" - like to attend to my own business, then I know
._.~. it is .done properly."
'- _. “Do you know any one who is competent to
take the Sylph through the reef ?”
‘No, I do not.”
‘The captain will take charge of the boat after
— you have carried her through the eastern pas-
, ‘sage. It is simply a question of getting her
through the reef.”
‘I'd like to oblige vou if I could do so without-
g . hindering my regular work. ere comes my as-
';;«(sista.nt now, all ready to Sta . I’ll tell you what
,_ ~ I'll do. I’ll run up and see the agent, anyhow.”
i; As soon as Tom Oliver came up, Jack told him
  to go aboard the Lake Bird and get all ready
-' jior sailing. _
 ‘I'll be back inside of half an hour,” he con-
 cluded. V
 Thtnphe started for the steamboat agent’s
. house in company with'the man who had been
sent after him. The agent was waiting for him.
i ‘You are Jack Haviland. I believe ‘.'" he said
in a businesslike way.
“Yes, that’s my name," replied the young ﬁsh-
_ erman.
“You have been recommended to me as a per-
son fully competent to take a steamer through
, the eastern channel of the Gulf Shoals. Are you
-.brepared to undertake the job 1"’

“I can take any vessel of the Sylph’s draught
.; safely through either passage in the reef, but I
4 am not looking for the job. as my time is fully
5,-,_occupied with my ﬁshing business. I am now on
,.:j She point of sailing for the ﬁshing grounds after
1 to-mori-ow’s supply,‘ which must be delivered at’
E. the

lrotels and other places according to con-

  

 
  
  

 
 

 
  
  
 
     

I

\ “But you can get some other ﬁsherman to take
- {our place for one trip. c8n’t=y0l1 1”’
I “L can, of course, but would prefer not to.”
“But it ‘is necessary that we have a pilot to
take the Sylph through the reef this morning.
_ _ . Morgan says you are the only one in Holder-

llela that he would trust with the job. I am
‘prepared to make it worth your while to help
r  out of our dilemma.” —
5' ; ‘Hie agent then named the sum he was wining
z~<y~'*0‘.ﬂy. "- ‘ .
 .f_“You will have nothing to do after carrying

Elbe steamboat through the eastern passage until
tﬁ-boat returns to the shoals to-iporrow after-
 when you will be expected to carry her to

ﬁle Holderness wharf. You will be under _no
&en|e at Milwaukee. for you will eat and sleep
board the Sylph. I hope Yﬂrwill not
 down. for if we should be unable

  
  
  

Mild any ﬁne else ea
- would be obliged to take the boat many

c
o

       

pable of the work the '
 in the north and eastward in or- '

der to clear the reefs which form a regular cul
de sac around Holderness.”

Jack considered the matter for several minutes.

"I’ll tell you what I’ll do. Mr. Howard.” he said
at last. “I'll see if I can get a certain ﬁsherman
to take my place on my ﬁshing boat. He is about
the only man in the village I can afford to trust,
as I have cut out all the others from the bulk
of the trade here. and they feel kind of sore over
it, though I don't believe they would actually try
to injure me in any way. If I can secure the
man I have in mind I’ll engage to go to Milwau-
kee and back on the Sylph.”

“When can you let me know?” asked
agent. »

“Within half an hour."

“That will be satisfactory.
you back within that time.” .

_“I should prefer that you send your messenger
with me to bring back my answer. for if I get

the

I shall then expect

the man in question I'll have to take him to my ‘

boat and give him certain necessary instructions,
which will take time."

.“Very well. If your reply is favorable you
will report to Captain Winthrop aboard the
Sylph not later than ﬁfteen minutes of ten
o’clock.” .

“All right,” replied Jack, and that ended the
interview. ,

Haviland at once proceeded to the cottage of
the ﬁsherman with whom he was on especially

friendly terms and laid the case before him. Tom,

Oliver. who had been growing impatient over
the long delay in starting for the ﬁshing grounds.
was surprised when Jack appeared with old Ben
Trawler and told him that Ben was going out
in- his place that morning, because he (Jack)

had engaged to pilot the Sylph through the shoals

in the place of Mr. Morgan, who had been taken
unexpectedly ill.
“So you’re goin’ to Milwaukee on the boat?”
said Tom. ' '
“Yes that’s about the size of it. I'll be back
to-morrow afternoon at ﬁve-thirty. You will have

_to look after the delivery of the ﬁsh to-morrow

_m0min2‘. Tom. and see that all my customers are

properly served.” _ _
“You can depend on me, Jack,” replied Tom.
“Yes, I have no fear of that, Tom.”

S0 the Lake Bird‘ sailed away to the north that
~ morning without its yoimg master, and Jack

surprised his family by turning up for a second
breakfast. when he explained the situation to his
mother. Promptly at a quarter to ten Haviland
3‘eD0r_ted to Captain Winthrop, who was expect-
ing him.-aboard the Sylph. There were not many
passengers . for Milwaukee that morning, but
there was a large consignment of oil and gaso-
1ilIe_ aboard. which "was stowed forward of the
engine-room on the lower deck and immediate
under the pilot-house. The only woman passe
ger was Mrs. Senator Blake, who, with her little
daughter Bessie. had been summoned home by a
telegram announcing the sudden death of in near
relative of the family.

At ten o'clock the hawsers. were cast off, the
Sylph swung away from the wharf, and, under

Jack’s guidance. headed for the eastern channel
The captain stood in the *pilot-,.’
house while I-Iaviland ' the steamboat ‘
through the perilous but short stretch of navig-

of the shoals.

‘\

 

  

A10

* tain

A frequently happens.

tion, and then relieved him at the wheel. After
that the boy had nothing to do. but he remained
in the pilot-house and conversed with the cap-
to pass away the time. It was a fine. sunny
Ll0]l‘:llLlK, and the lake was barely ruffled by a
g reeze. y I‘

The Sylph glided along like a swan at a
twelve-mile—an-hour gait. Her machinery worlgald
so smoothly as to impart a scarcely percepti e
jar to the new boat. Everything pointed to a ﬁne
and speedy trip down to Milwaukee, and Jack

' really enjoyed the long sail in prospect. Under

such favorable conditions one could scarcely have
looked for trouble. Yet it is the unexpected that
And it came like a thunder-
clap out of a clear sky. As the Sylph was round-
ing a promontory ﬁfteen miles below Holder-
ness. and Haviland was in the midst of a story
he was telling the captain about his ﬁshing ex-
periences, a sudden explosion shook the boat at
a point underneath the pilot-house.

CHAPTER IX.—A Thrilling Catastrophe.

“Good Lord! what can that be?" gasped the
captain, leaving the ‘wheel and springing out
of the pilot-house, followed by Jack Haviland.
The sound was evidently not caused by any de-
rangement of the boat's machinery, for the thud
of her engines went on as before. Two deck
hands, who had been lounging forward near the
ﬂagstaﬂ, were seen running toward the inner
section of the freight deck, and they looked
greatly excited.
t,‘ﬁ';What’s the trouble below?" roared the cap-

“An explosion among the oil, sir,” replied one
of the men.

As he spoke a second report followed, with a‘

third close on its heels. _

“My heavens!" ejaculated the captain,- who
thoroughly understood the peril that menaced the
boat. “Haviland, take charge of the wheel and
signal the engineer to stop."

As Jack started to carry out this order the
captain ran to the steps leading to the cabin
deck and disappeared. The boy saw a cloud of
smoke whirling away from the stem of the
steamboat as he entered the pilot-house and
pulled the wire connecting with the engine-room.
Instantly the jarring sound of the machinery
stopped and the paddle-wheels came to a rest,

?  while ‘the boat merely glided on under the mo-

mentmn she had acquired. Jack left the wheel
and leaned on the rail overlooking the forward
deck. so as to be ready to catch any order the

« captain might wish to communicate to him. There

was clearly great excitement on the boat, which
was ' to a panic when two more ex-
plosions went of and big puffs of stiﬂing smoke
came rolling out from the place where the oil
was stored. —

“The explosions must have come from the

“gasoline,” thought Jack. his nerves tingling from

.. the excitement and uncertainty of the moment.

-' - , {fhe smoke now was pouring out in a steady
’  from the after

to look desperate to

and the prospect began _
Havilanl. -At that moment his eyes caught sight

s.\

part of. the main deck,-_

ON TO SUCCESS

of the Holdemess coming along in the wake.
Her captain evidently had discovered the trouble
the Svloh was in, and was steering directly for
her. It was at that juncture that a man sudden‘-
ly ran out on the forward deck with a life-
preserver in his hands. As he hastily buckled it
around his body under his armpits he turned
his white face up toward the pilot-house. Jack
recognized him at once. It was Amos Flint, Mr.
Isaac Naylor’s conﬁdential clerk. What until
that moment the boy had believed to be a nat-
ural accident now took on a very grave aspect.
The awful suspicionforced itself on Jack’s mind
that, in spite of his solemn promise not to mo-
lest the Sylph, Mr. Naylor had actually sent his
clerk aboard the steamboat that morning to
carry out the very scheme he had planned the
previous morning on the beach.

Jack had ﬂattered himself that he had blocked
the rascal"s game. but it now looked as if the
magnate of Holdemess had broken faith with
him. Amos Flint s evidently startled when
he saw the face of e young ﬁsherman staring
down at him. That Jack was aboard the Sylph
was probably the last thing that would have
occurred to his mind. With his hand resting
on the forward rail. he stared at the boy in a
stupeﬁed way. Then another loud explosion oc-
curred under the wheel-house, and a great cloud
of smoke enveloped the fore part of the now al-
most stationary steamer.

It shut out the form of Amos Flint from Jack's
eY9S- When it cleared'away the clerk had __glis-
appeared. but Jack soon made him out in the
water trying to swim. with the air of the life-
preserver, toward the Holdemess, which was still
some distance off. The ﬂames now began to make
their appearance on the‘lower deck of the Sylph.
The smoke increased in volume, pouring out at
both ends of the covered deck, and driving Jack
away from the rail. The engineer. as well as the
two ﬁremen in the hold below, left their posts to
help ﬁght the encroaching ﬁre. But the captain
soon saw that it was a hopeless task--that the
new steamboat was doomed. He ordered his.

. deck hands to go on the upver deck and cut away

the boats secured there. They had hardly thrown
down the two lines\of hose and started to carry"
out his orders before a number of the oil casks
burst open, and the blazing oil began to ﬂood
-the deck fore and aftfmaking a. perfect sea of
ﬁre in the center of the steamer. The ﬂames
rapidly ate their way up into the cabin above
and burned through into the engine-room in the
middle of the lower deck. The heat was now so
ﬁerce that nearly all the male passengers seized
life-prescrvers and. after hastily adjusting them,
sprang overboard into the lake. Practically the
only passengers "remaining on the boat were Mrs.
Senator Blake and her little daughter Besie.
Half-dazed with fright. they huddled near the
after _ra1_l, gazing with distended eyes at the
approaching ﬁre. The captain. in his desperate

ﬁght to save the steamboat, seemed to have en-

tirely forgotten about these two helpless persons.
N_ot a male passenger had thought of them in.
his eager rush"-to get away from the bl '

craft-' They each might have been 

with a life-preserver before the names out ’.

further approach to those useful arddes. But
every one of the other passengers had 

O

:

...o
r

 

 

  

   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
    
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
    
   
     
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
   

I
 only of himself in the panic of the moment, and
' this terriﬁed woman and her child were left to
shift for themselves as best- they could. _
The ﬁre continued to spread with inconceivable
rapidity, fed as it was with hundreds of gallons
of.blazing oil. which carried the ﬂames to all
parts of the lower deck. Thecaptain had run
above to give a hand to his men with the boats,
failing to realize that they would be of little
-_ use at this stage of the catastrophe.‘ Jack in
~ the meantime stuck to his post until he saw
that it was useless for him to remain there any
longer, and so he dashed down to the lower deck
through the clouds of blinding smoke, 113851112 On
the way the men who were rushing up to get at
the boats. When he reached the lower pai't_of
the boat he was start1ed*by the furnace-like
aspect of the éovered portion of the steamboat.
- The tire was everywhere, having even reached
the paddlewlieels.
’ "Great Scott! This is terrible!” he gasped-
‘(Where are the passengers?"
v ; Looking around him, he could make out the
’ heads of many in the water around and behind
the boat.
‘They've all taken to the lake._"§1e breathed.
‘and that's what I’ll have to do in a minute or
‘two. for no one can exist on this deck much
I longa-."
 A thrill of thankfulness passed through him
when he saw that the Holderness was now com-
ing up fast to the rescue of the victims of the
disaster. Still, it would be many minutes before
2 «She could draw near enough to begin to pick up
the people scattered around in the water. Sud-
denly, as_Jack stood there on the after part of
the open deck, 8
showed him the huddled forms of Mrs. Senator
.-“B,lak‘e and her child. -
"My'heavens!” he cried. “A woman and 8
. ‘little girl still on this boat. I must save them.
But how‘! The life-preservers!”
He knew exactly where they were kept, but 3
single glance in that direction showed him that
‘they were utterly beyond his reach. He Razed
wildly around for something that would serve to
‘bear the helpless pair up in the water. but_ not 8
thing could he see that svtvas avairlalhle _m 913;
-Emergency. Just then a ream 9 ummz 01
tolled toward the woman and the girl. They SEW
; clearly enough, but, instead of trying to avoid
' 1. their terror was so great _that they neV€1‘
moved an inch—only. stared at it as thouzll fas-
 by the terriblesight. In another mo-
dnent they would have been surrounded and set
ﬁﬁre, but Jack dashed forward to their rescue.
‘W33 seized them both. each by an arm, and tore
319111 away" from the peril that rnenacecl them.
' 1: them over to the opposite_side _of the
L they fell hiert against the rail. Singular
Jiofrelate, through all this terrible crisis the ht-
ﬂizirl never utnred a cry or even a word of any

if  h paretwoullmanageto

.  For amoiexient Jdlck stvidied the situ-

~ and than made up his mind that the three

ﬁg!‘ nngt go overboard’ together, and that
list do the best hg could to hold them up un-

asﬁetanee came from the Holderness. -

' up.‘ ina’am," he said_to the Senator’:
 not to leave the steamboat at once.

‘QN T0 SUCJCESS

is our only chance.

rift in the clouds ‘of smoke -

'  She simply clung to’ her mother's skirts,‘

11‘

The heat, -smoke and oncoming ﬂames make it
impossible for us to remain here many moments
longer.” ‘

“Where can we go?” asked the frenzied mother.
“Not the water,” she gasped. “We cannot swim.
We shall be drowned.”

“I hope .not, ma’am,” replied the young ﬁsher-
man, reassuringly. “I am a/first-rate swimmer.
I think I may be able to hold you both up if
you don’t struggle, until yonder steamer, which is
coming to our rescue, reaches us. At any rate, it
A few minutes more and the
ﬁre will be all around us. Come.’

Seizing Bessie Blake in his arms, Jack sprang
upon the rail. Then, steadying himself against
one of the posts that supported the upper deck,
he assisted the Senator’s wife up beside him. The
lady shuddered as she looked down into the deep
water of Lake Michigan.

“Are you ready, ma/am?" asked Jack, nerving
himself for the life—and-death struggle that was
before him.

“Yes, yes!” she gasped} covering her eyes with
her hand to shut out the horror of the scene.

- “Then jump!" he exclaimed.

‘Grasping the mother by the elbow and the child
around the waist, Jack Hsviland leaped down
into the swirling waters. Fortunately for the suc-
cess of the brave-boy’s efforts, a man swam up
and took Mrs. Blake off his hands. They had not
left the boat a moment too soon.

»The ﬂames were already encroaching on the
very spot they had just quitted. The ﬁre burst-
ing through the upper deck compelled the captain
and his men to shove the two boats they had
detached into the lake any‘ old way. One of
them immediately ﬁlled and sank. .

The other ﬂoated, and Captain Winthrop and
the deck hands jumped overboard and climbed

in_to.her. Getting out the oars, they rowed about
picking many  the passengers, but they were V
not on e same side'of the steamer where Jack

and the stranger were.supporting Mrs. Blake and
her daughter, and these four had to wait until the
Holderness came along and picked them up.

 

CHAPTER X.——Wherein Mr. Flint Is Badly
Rattled.

Jack easily held Bessie Blake’s head well -above
the water, and the child never made a struggle
after the first cry when the three struck the sur-
face of the lake and went under for the only time.
The boy kept near the man who was supporting
the Senator’s wife, ready to lend assistance if”
he,showed any signs of giving out.

He was a fairly good swimmer, however, and I’
the young ﬁsherman was not called upon to ren-
der any aid. The Holderness was now upon the
scene of the di it Her boats were quickly
lowered, and k hands in them were pres-.
ently helping‘ the few victims of the-catastrophe’
out of the water. Jack Haviland signaled the
nearest boat, which was rowed up, and Ira.
Blake and her little daughter were picked up; .
Haviland and the man clambering aboard wi
any assistance! They were soon transferred to

‘tlze Holderness; where every attention was offered ‘_

1 ‘

 

   

s

   

F

 
 

 

  

‘i2 ‘ .

., ﬂie lady and her child, the captain tendering them
3 the use of his stateroom.

‘ Jack hastened down into the boiler—room of the
steamer, pulled off his soaked garments and hung
1hem up where the heat was bound to dry them
ii short order. The ﬁremen, of course, wanted to
know all about the calamity which had happened
in the Sylph. '

“How did she catch aﬁre?” asked one of the
coal handlers.

“It began with the explosion of one of the casks
of gasoline in the forward deck under the pilot-
louse,” replied Jack. “This was quickly followed
by other explosions as the ﬂames attacked the
barrels and the burning vapor spread about.”.

“Is that a fact?” replied the man. “Well, we’ve
carried that stuil’ on this boat for two years, and
we never had an accident. I suppose you don't
know what caused the explosion?"

“I have a suspicion," answered Jack.

“A suspicion, eh? What do you mean by that?”

“I'm not saying anything at present. Perhaps

' I may be a witness when the investigation is
held.”

“Do you mean to insinuate that there was any
Crooked business about it?"

“I haven’t said so."

‘Your way of talking would give one that idea.
/Where were you at the time the ﬁre broke out——
near the oil barrels?"

“No. I was in the pilot-house talking to Cap-
‘lain Winthrop."

‘Then how could you have any idea at all as to
that causedthe ﬁre‘!"_ - .

"I‘don’t care to explain my reasons at present."

. “Huh!” replied the man, in a huff. “I don't

' .'believe you have any. You're like all lliys-want

_/ 9 make a mountain out of a molehill."

Jack laughed. . .

 . “Well, if it’s all the same to you, we'll let it
- ‘go at, that.”

.“I suppose the new boat is a total loss by this
 ﬁme," said the coal heaver. with a grin. ‘
~ “I'm afraid she is.”

“That quelches the opposition for this season,
at any rate,” replied the man, with evident‘ satis-
iction. “No danger now- of you and‘ me losing
air jobs, eh?” he added, turning to his companion.

“That's right," chuckled the other.

_ . ‘ “Any of the passengers injured or drowned?”

V-  the ﬁrst spokesman.

“Not that I have heard of," replied Jack. “They
all went overboard, but, as they had 1ife-preserv-

_. its on, I guess they'll all be accounted for. There
 _ . was one woman abroad, with a little girl. They
E51 lad rather a narrow shave, but they are safe

 

 
  
 

  

.»  jeople out of your scrape," said the coal heaver.
Haviland nodded and felt of his steaming gar-
gents. A batch of the Sylph’s assengers were
‘_ —~ bd below by the mate of the $1 ess, who told
‘ Iem to disrobe and get their c dry. The
biler-room was now pretty well’ crowded, and-
 body had something to say about his idea

- :6 e disaster. ,
.-ellost gf the people blamed the new} steamboat
ninpany for _carrying the oil on their steamer,

iirgettinz that it had been carried by the Holder-
;-nss for two years without. an ahcident. All were

 

“It's lucky we were close at hand to help you_

5

ON TO SUCCESS

agreed that the loss of the Sylph would put the
opposition line out of business. Jack listened to
the remarks circulating about him, but said noth-
ing on the subject whatever.’

In a short time the jarring of the boat showed
that the steamer had got under way again for
Milwaukee. At the first stop the news of the loss
of the Sylph was telegraphed both to Holderness
and Milwaukee, and as a matter of course created
a great deal of excitement at both place. When
Jack's clothes were fit to put on, he dressed him-
self and got out of the hot boiler—room. Soon
afterward the mate of the boat came up to him
and asked if he was not the young man who had

saved the lady and little girl from being burned .\

up on the Sylph.

“Yes,” admitted Jack.

“Well, you’re wanted in the cap’n’s cabin. Fol-
low me."

He accompanied the mate to the captain's quar-
ters. On a short sofa sat Mrs. Blake and her
daughter, clothed in garments furnished by the
stewardess of the boat. The captain was talking
to the lady.

“Walk right in, young man," he said, when Jack
and his conducter ap red in the doorway.
“This is the boy you wished to see, isn't it?" he
added, turning to the Senator's wife. — I
J “Eesf she replied, for she instantly recognized

ac

“I think I have seen you before, my lad,” said
the captain. “If I am not mistaken, you live in
I-Iolderness?"

“Yes, sir.”

“I don't reacall your name, however."

“Jack Haviland:_"

“Well, Haviland. this is Mrs. Blake, wife of
Senator Blake, of Milwaukee. She wishes to

thank you for saving her life and that of her lit- _ '

tle daughter. She says but for you they both
must have perished on board the Sylph." '

The lady --sprang from her seat and grasped
Jackby both hands.

“I am sure I never can suﬂiciently thank‘ you
for what you did for both of us, Mr. Haviland."
she said, with considerable emotion. “We are
very grateful to you, and my husband, when he
learns the particulars, will insist on acknowledg-
ing the obligation in some substantial way."

“I am very happy to have been of service to
you, Mrs. Blake," said Jack, politely. “But I
don't think I did any more than my duty under
the circumstances. You were not able to help
yourself, and only a coward would have left you
to face the awful peril surrounding you. I can
only say that I did the best I knew how to save
you and your little girl.” .

“You couldn’t have done more, Mr. Haviland,
and Bessie and myself will be grateful toyou as
long as ye live." » .

She made Jack sit beside her, and asked him ’ ‘

many questions about himself. The captain had
dinner served’ to Mrs. Blake and Bessie in the
privatecabin, and Jack was invited to dine with
them. After the meal the young ﬁsherman ex-
cused himself and started around the boat t5 ﬁnd

Amos Flint, whoin he thoroughly believed to be .

responsible for the destruction of the Sylph. It

was some time before he located that individua.l,- ' 

 

x.-., .'Llv.15..LiL.‘Ll‘...L....i. . 1. ~..u.’l.r-... .. .. A .

ii
.3.
‘:1
2.

  

    
  
 

  

_ but he ﬁnally found him seated on a camp chair
 .’ - ‘in "a retired nook. _ _
‘ “Well, Mr. Flint,” said Jack,_planting himself
before Mr. Naylor’s man of business, what have
you got to say for yourself?" _ .
, ’‘What’s that?” replied the clerk, in quavering
— tones. “What do you mean?”
"‘I see that you carried out Mr. Naylor’s orders,
after all." _ ”
_ ‘I don’t know what’ you are talking about,
.protested Mr. Flint.
‘ ~“You don’t?”
“I don't. I don’t know ‘you at all, and 081'” See
why you are addressing me.”
“You don’t lcnow me, Mi’-. Flint? What a short
memory you must have?" replied Jack, sarcastic-
; ~ sally. » “You don't rec_ollect seeing me on _the beach
2, .-N at the foot of the cliffs yesterday morning when
5,: you and your employer, Mr. Naylor, were dis;
’ glssing a plan to put the Sylph out of business.
The very scheme suggested by Mr. Naylor for the
destruction of the new steamboat seems to have
' been put into' execution, after all. You didnt
,’ . expect to find me on the Sylph. did you? Thought
"you could do the little _job without your COHIIECT
3 tion with the matter being suspected‘? _VVs11. Y0“
‘ ' see now that you only put your foot in it.
' “I don’t know what you mean,” replied Mr.
, Flint, shivering as if suﬂering from an attack
f 1 of the _ague. “I tell you I don't know you at all.”
" ’ _. “All right, Mr. Flint. That's all I’ve got to say
’ _ to you. I just thought I'd satisfy myself whether
or not you were guilty. The loss. of the Sylph
will be investigated, and when it is I think you
-‘ will be called upon to explain your actions are-
" vious to the moment of the first explosion. Maybe
you think you werenit watched, Mr. Flint? Per-
" " -' hapa when I give my evidence before the commit-
" tee you will learn a thing or two that you won’t
‘like to hear. That's all for the present, Mr.
, Flint.’
Q Amos Flint was -guilty, and he showed the fact
7 ‘in his face and actions. It was not that his
.. Ieonscienoe smote him for the deed he had com-
mitted, but his fears were alive for  own_ Per‘
aonal safety. Jack's veiled words terriﬁed him.
 He had easily recognized the boy as the one

 
 



 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
    
  
    
       

 

-"~ the villainous project forced upon him by M3‘.
Naylor. lie was fully persauded that Havilands
presence on board of the Sylph was due to his
_ ‘ ‘knowledge of the contemplated plot to destroy the
Jteamhoat in mid-lake. He believed that the boy
.;—had_ been watching his movements, and when he
law him take passage on the il_l-fated steamer had
followed to keep an eye on him. .

’ “Oh, Lord!" he exclaimed to himself, with chat-
‘ .' “What will becomepfvme? And
me of Mrs.‘ Elint and the little

  
  
  

The boatn was 'ustt then pulgiinghin git herlsecoilild
1SlIdln¢'. r. inrecogn' eacwene
 tile sound of the gong in the engine-rooni
ind felt the stopynge of the paddle-wheels. He
in ,_ to his 1’ t and ran tothe opposite side of
 t.‘ Was any way by which -he could
'3§h_m‘e except by the gangway plailk, which
afraid to risk? M » . . e

  

 
 
  
 

    
 

ON TO SUCCESS

he..hi_id seen on the beach, and who had overheard V

' ranzwniv blank

13

saw that he might possibly step on the wharf from
a point near her bow. He watched the deck
hands forward thrown the heavy hawser to the
man on the dock, who caught the looped end and
placed it over the head of a thick spile ahead.

Now he heard the rumble of the gangway plank .
aft, and saw the first of the passengers who in-
tended to go no further down the lake walk
ashore. There was no freight to be taken on or
put 01? at this landing, so the forward gangway'
plank was not put into use. Mr. Flint looked al
around for Jack Haviland, but could not see him.

“Now is my chance,” he said to himself, as in \
saw the deck hands seize the ropes attached D-
the gangway plank to haul it on board again. Ha
sprang quickly onto the steamer’s forward rai
and jumped to the wharf. ,

0n_the edge of the pier there was a storehousq
the end of which reached nearly to the -poiﬁ
where the clerk stepped on the wharf, and he took
advantage of the fact to dart behind it just a
the man threw the big hawser into the water and
the steame_r’s paddlgwheels began to revolve.

,“l’m safe for a while, at any rate," be whis-
pered to himself, as he hid behind a spile head
and watched the Holderness steam out into the
lake.

Perhaps he was, but we shall see.

»

CHAPTER XI.—Jack Shadows Mr. Naylor’s Man
of Business.

When Jack left the presence of Mr. Flint he
saw.that the boat was approaching a small lab
town, where it was evident she intended to make
a landing. At ﬁrst he was interested only in see
mg the boat made fast to the wharf. But sud- '
denly the idea occurred to him that perhaps Hr.
Flint might take advantage of the occasion to
make his escape from the boat. ’_

“lf_ he does that,” thought the boy, ‘it will he I’ L
additional evidence against him. I guess I'll go
back and see if he's going to make a move." ' _ ,

Jack hurried back to the spot where he had left _ 4;‘
the clerk seated on the camp chair‘. The chair a.
was there, but Mr. Flint had ‘disappeared.

“I'll watch the gangway plank," he said to hin- '_‘
self, hurrying toward the rear of the boat, when I13
he knew the passengers disembarked. ~ ‘ 

Suddenly he paused. ’

“_There are two gangway planks, come to think
of it. It would be just like that rascal -to sneak
off by the_forwa one, where they put the freight
off. I'd like to watch both.’ _

He knew he could do that by taking his posi-
tion on the top of the paddle-wheel box. It is true
he had no right to go up there, but be guessed ._
no one would interfere with him. So he started
for the roof of the paddle-box.

“If that fellow does ashore I've a great mind  2
to follow him,” thong t Jack, as he hurried h‘ . 
the upper deck.’ “I believe I could frighten him
into making a confession. If such a thing is (I
be accomplished it must be done before -Mr. ﬂay-
lor has an opportunity to stiﬁ’en‘liis. backbone.‘

W,hen Jack ‘stepped out on the top of they pai- ,
dleboat the deck handsgwere ﬁat shoving the aft!‘

on trthc doc‘ i’ -

   
  
   
     
 

  
  
   
 
 
   
 

     
  

  

' line at this .point." he thought.

 

14

sengtlrs started ashore. Jack looked forward, but
. saw no move made to put the other plank out.
“I guess there's nothing doing in the freight
"If Mr. Flint in-
tends to go ashore he'll have to go by the after
plank." : _ _
There was no sign of Mr. Flint in that direc-
tion when the order was given to take in the
gangway plank and cast the hawsers loosel
“He’s not going to leave the boat, after all,"
said the boy. _
Just then, as his eyes wandered forward again,
he saw a ﬁgure spring onto the steamboat’s rail
, and leap on the dock.

‘ “By George! If that isn't Mr. Flint, I'm as
blind as a bat. The rascal!» He waited until the
last moment, so he couldn't be followed. Well,
‘ he’s got the bulge on me, after all. No, he hasn’t.
’ , I’ll risk it.” "

The reason for Me boy’s ﬁnal exclamation was
that just as the ‘ ore ends of both hawsers fell
with a simultaneous splash into the ‘water, and
the paddle-wheels started to revolve, he noticed
that the top of the paddlébox -was nearly on a
level with the ﬂat roof of the storehouse, which

ON. TO success

‘was built on the edge of the dock. The space-

between where he stood and the roof of the‘build-
ing was not more than a yard at that moment,
and. it was possible for an agile lad like Jack
Haviland to leap in safety across the yawning
gulf. ~
, But there was no time to consider the matter,
for a full turn of the paddle-wheels would carry
the steamboat beyond‘ the line of the building, and
if the thing was to be done it had to be accom-

_ plished on the spur of the moment. So J ack. with-
out calculating the risk he ran, sprang at once
for the roof of the storehouse, and fortunately
landed there ﬁrmly and" safely. ’

As the boat pulled out into the lake the boy
‘ran to the side of the storehouse to try- and catch
a glimpse of Mr. Flint. With a chuckle of delight
he saw the rascal watching the departure of the

: boat from the shelter of thespile head. _

“I’ll bet he’: congratulating himself on his_cgte~

ness in giving me the slip," thought Jack. I’1l

.-—..,.

 

.. hisflife. But first ‘I've got to get down from this
w . r
r Jack looked around him and saw a small scut-
tle.’ He raised it to obtain a View of the interior
of the building. There was a short ﬂight of steps
leadin down to a kind of left, which the boy saw
was led with rope and tackle, blocks, fenders,
and articles of a similar nature. ‘ He ran down
the steps and closed the scuttle behind him. .
Then he was rather puzzled to find the way_ to
get down to the ground ﬂoor. This annoyed him,
for unless he was able to make haste there was
a strong probability that he would lose track of
Mr. Flint altogether, which, under the circum-
stances, he would have regarded as a misfortune-
‘, Hejiaﬂ no mat.-hes abou his clothes to t row
1 light on the diﬂlculty, ‘ d he was on the int
of returnindgo to thehroolf, t trggégme othertway
,o£.gettirig wn,wen esum _u narap-
daln-.  he found a wide ﬂiglho
_  ‘ﬂoor ofgthe building, which was
' « ‘ -box-" - rooms, used for
7 I 4’ ,

 

.‘: 

     
 
  

 
 
  

 

nndeceive him. :I’ll give'hiin the surprise of '

t pf stairs‘
these, was soon standing I

' ‘He kept out of the clerk’s sight until the train

various purposes connected with the lake traﬂic.
The big sliding door at the front of the build-
ing was wide open, and there was one or more
persons in each of the small offices. People were
coming in and going out all the time, and men in‘
check jumpers were wheeling suncry small -cases
of merchandise from the exterior to the interior.
No one, however. paid any attention to Jack
Haviland, who walked quickly to the doorway and‘
scanned the wharf for tile familiar ﬁgure of Amos
Flint. The clerk had _left his place of refuge be-
hind the spile head and was not in sight, much
to J ack’s chagrin. .
“He must have walked up the wharf," thought
the boy, and, under this impression, Haviland
started for the head of the dock. '
The wharf abutted upon a long street,‘ with
buildings on one side only. Looking ﬁrst up and
then down this thoroughfare, Jack, to his great
satisfaction, discovered Mr. Flint about half a
block away, walking slowly along, with his head"
bent down as if he was thinking deeply. Pres-’
ently he braced up, and Jack saw him stop a man
who had just come out of a store, and the boy
presumed he was asking for some information.
At any rate, the man led him to the next corner
and waved his hand in a certain direction to em- '
phasize his words. _
Mr. Flint immediately started off up the street,‘
and Jack hurried after him. In this way several
blocks were traversed by ’lV‘[(r. Naylor’s clerk and
the young ﬁsherman. Jae had no difficulty in
shadowing the object of his pursuit, as the town
was a small one and there were not a great many
people abroad. At no time did Mr. Flint look ,
back, or show any evidence that he suspected her’?
was being followed. .
“I wonder where he is aiming for?" Jack‘ asked’ ‘
himself. .
This question was answered in a few minutes
when the boy saw a railroad station right ahead.
Evidently Mr. Flint intended‘\ to take the first
train out of the town. He made straight for the
ticket seller's window, which was open, showing
that a train was expected to arrive in a short
time. '
Jack hastened his steps and came up behind the 
rascal in time to hear him ask for a ticket to -2‘
Milwaukee. He paid for it and went out on the '
platform. Jack decided to go on to Milwaukee’-.l ',
also, as he had not yet settled in his own mind. *
how he was going to deal with Mr. I-‘lint. ~ -',

   

 

 
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   

A‘

pulled in, then he rded the same car that Mr. "
Flint took, taking seat some distance behind 
him. The railroad ran along the shore of the
lake for the entire distance to Milwaukee, so that
the passengers had an almost continuous view of
the water from the car windows. Therefore Jack
was not surprised inside of an hour to see the ,
Holderness ploughing her way southward toward ;—
her port of destination. ' ‘.
He calciilated that the train would beat her-into‘ 
Milwaukee by a con le of hours at least, and he I .
hoped that before t at time he would have set-
gid matters with Mr. Naylor’e men of businae.
was not quite so conﬁdent of a successful isme

to the ibuiness in handas he had at
start)‘ forghe judged that Mr, I-‘lint was -
foxy person to drive into as do_mer.~ — ‘
: ‘ ;v- ' 

  
       
 

   
 
     
 

  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  

 

  

"1"?

  

ON TO success I

Still, being satisﬁed of the man's guilt, he be-
lieved the advantage was on his side. At any rate,
_ he was determined to bring the clerk to justice
_ Yf it was possible for him to do so. It was about
quarter of ﬁve when the train rolled into the
Union Station at Milwaukee. Mr. Flint got out
on the platform and Jack followed close behind
\ him. Tne clerk hastened across the street to a
‘ 7 small hotel and went directly to the reading’-room,
;. where he took possession of a chair in front of one
§- of the writing-tables and, drawing some paper
7' and an envelope toward him, began to write. «
Jack ﬁnally decided on the course he would
pursue, but he made no move until Mr. Flint,
V. having completed his letter, drew the envelope
' toward him to address it. Then the boy walked
softly up behind the clerk and looked over his
shoulder.
Mr. Flint had written ‘that. Isaac Naylor, _Hold-
, _ erness," and was putting down the, abbreviation
5.: of Wisconsin. Jack wassure now that he wanted
'7. that letter, so, laying his hand on the clerk’s
 shoulder, he said:
 ' “How do you do, Mr. Flint?” -
, The rascal gave a violent start and looked
around. A sgdden spasm of terror convulsed his
,. features, an the pen ‘fell from his nerveless
-- . hand. Jack took advantage of his fright to.reac'h
over, secure the folded letter and put it in his
pocket. 7 -

l
' E _ cuiirrsn XII.—In Which Mr. Flint Is Cornered

 “Well, Mr. Flint," said the boy, pleasantly’,

'  drawing iuchair beside the clerk's, “I see we meet

 7 i‘g‘?$ha—-what do you want?" faltered the clerk.
1 “I want to talk to you, Mn..F1int.”

-‘I,’ don't want to talk to you. I don't know

~  .. “oh, you know me, all right. Why did you
nflsiieak ashore from the Holderness at Lakeview
’ Ind then come on here by train? Why did you
‘do that, Mr. Flint?" -
The rascal made no answer, only stared at the
3' ﬁsherman in great consternation. _
_ ‘.‘Shall I tell_you why you did so. Mr. Flint?”
said Jack. smiling as pleasantly as before. “You
' wanted to throw me off your track. You were
A . afraid that when the I-Iolderness arrived at this
,; place I would have you arrested.’ _
‘Arrested!’ replied the man, with ashen lips.
. . “Exactly. You caused the destruction of the
‘ _- .' Sylph in mid-lake this forenoon and——"
‘It’: a lie!” cried Mr. Flint, hoarsely.
._ . “Not so loud, Hr. Flint, unless you wish every-
::.,.,.1)ody in the room to learn what kind of a man
 ‘— you are.” ' _ .
The clerk moved uneasily in his chair and
' _ down some words that rose'to his lips.
4. ‘"80 you deny that you set ﬁre to the Sylnh. do
Join?’ said Jack, looking his man straight in the

 
  
   

 
    
   
  
   
   
 

 

  
   

  

 well, Hr. Flint. ram going to hand you
 to the police and let th sift the matter
. 4 I «, replied thv.-‘Eloy, resolutely. _‘'When you leave

a»

   

 
   

     

‘.
543;

   
  
 

dosoin charge-grail qsieu." ' is

15

Jack made a feint. to rise, and, as he expected,
Mr. Flint grasped him by the arm to detain him.

“Are you going to charge me with seLt.ng. ﬁre
to the Sylph?" he asked in hollow tones.

“I am,” answered Jack, ﬁrmly.

The rascal shivered and seemed on "the verge of
a collapse.

“Do you want to ruin me?” he gasped. “Think
of Mrs. Flint and the little Flints.”

“It was your_business to think of your family
before you carried out the crime forced on you by
Mr. Naylor.”

“Yes,_ yes, it was his fault. He's to blame for
9"€1‘Ythlng. I didn't want to do the work, but he
£35 me "in his power, and if I refuseo to obey

im

“I understand, Mr. Flint,” said Jack. “You
forged some kind of a document and he holds it
over your head."

“I never said that,” faltered the clerk.

, “Y0-U Were lust writing to Mr. Naylor, I be-
lieve," went on Jack.

The trembling man turned quickly to the desk
and grabbed-—nothing.

The letter he had written was not thei'e—only
the addressed envelope stared him in the face.

“\'\'hy—wliy, here.~—” he gasped.

'‘‘Oh., you want to know where the letter is. eh?

W ell, it’s safe.”

“Give it-to me,” cried Mr. Flint, in an agitated
tone. “You have no right to take the letter. How
dare you touch it?”_ _

_“I have appropriated it in the ‘interest of jus-
tice. I believe it will furnish suﬂicient evidence
to connect both you and Mr. Naylor with the da-
struction of the Sylph."

:N0. 119; there is nothing in it——” p
_ Well. if there is nothing in it of an incriminat-
"18 n_ature, so much the better for Mr. Naylor,
especially. 1 shall let the authorities pass upon
its contents.”

:Don’t do that,’ pleaded the trembling clerk.

Why not?” demanded Jack. “You say there's
nothing of a damaging nature in the letter. You
ought to know, for you wrote it. Perhaps you
have no objection to me reading it, then?”

-“You have no right—”

“_Very good; then I shall turn it over to the
police,_ as I regard it with a good deal of suspi-
cion. ,

‘ldr. Flint ‘was clearly driven into a corner.

_ What are you going to do?” he asked with a
shiver. - «
“I am going to cause your immediate arrest."

Mr. Flint’s eyes rolled about" in his head.

“Will you let me go if I tell ya everything?’
he almost grovel_ed. “You can ha e Mr. Naylor
arrested and punished.” - _

“Then you admit that you set ﬁre to the oil 
aboard of the Sylph?" -

_“YeS» yes." gtoaned the rascal; ,“I admit everyb ’
thing. You must have seen me, or you wouldn't
be hounding _me in this way."

Jaick experienced a thrill of satisfaction at th6_
mans words. He had at last accomplished his

pu5'i‘°i:e' sheet t‘ and pltyonr admiuiﬁ

. 9 .° ‘ ° 1"’ '

in writing," thepboy. I ‘ ‘
promin to letme go if I do?"_ho

I

    

      
      
 
 

“Will you
‘.‘°‘_‘-~ <-

  

‘,‘No," replied Jack. promptly. “I intend to have
you arrested for the crime. I am not going to
compound a felony by helping you to get away."

f I "‘Oh, Lord!" gurgled Mr:-” Flint. "What’ll be-
I "come of me, and Mrs. Flint an " '

“You ought to have considereghall that before

you went into the villainous a ir.“ You com-
jznitted a crime with your eyes‘ open, and if you

have to pay the piper you can blame nobody but
. yourself and Mr. Isaac Naylor.”

Jack rose and walked to the door to beckon
to a bellboy. Mr. Flint eyed him with despair, in
his face. His little beady eyes traveled around

« ‘the room looking ‘for somecavenueby which he
might make his escape. I An open window near at
hand caught ,his attention. Jack’s back was for
the moment turned toward him. He’ took advant-
age of that fact to springtto his feet, run to the
window and scramble through, to the great sur-

rise of the half—dozen guests in the room. Havi-
_ and turned just in time to see his head vanish
_ ’below the sill outside.

 

 

 

  
  
  
      

 

\

* V CHA xm._:.. W11‘ h in. Fl‘ t r - the
” ' Pry‘ Tables on Jacllil-I‘avilan¢liI.‘ “ms

“The slippery rascal!” ejaculated Jack, dashing
for the window. _ .
- He stuck his head out of the openin and saw
Mr. Flint running up the street. o spring
through the window and start aft 1' the fugiti e
was but the work of a moment. {he reader s

Haviland was a ﬂeet‘-runner.

conditions Mr. Flint stood vet
meluding the young ﬁsherman. hat Mr. Flint
-'-',lacked in speed he made up in craft. Turning
. st « the ﬁrst corner he came to, he made direct for the
 -railroad yards. A network of steel tracks was
I rpread out less than half a block away. He never
'.,looked back to see if Jack Havitand was at his
' heels or not. -His sole object was to hide himself
” ‘somewhere among the maze of freight cars that
'?stood,along the tracks, and at the first chance
“hoard some train going south,,as was his inten-
rftion .‘before_ he wrote thatletter to Mr. Naylor.
‘He never would have succeeded in accomplishing
this plan but -for an interpositionof fate in his
favor; Ashe dashed into the yards, Jack was
1. close at his heelsand would have had him by the
collar in a moment or two more. In fact, the boy

Under oziinary
little s ow of

  
   
  

  

the ridiculous ﬁgure out by the ﬂeeing rascal,
and felt almost like giving him more rope, so as to
_ nddlwto the excitement of the ﬁnal capture. Mr.
" ‘Flint ﬂew like a daddy-long-legs across the first
‘track. and Jack was about to follow, when a man
gninding not: reached out and caught him by the
-31111. ’

‘Can't you see where you're running, you fool!”
«M0196 the ynrdman. / x A *
 turned angrily pon hixn,a big freight

  
 
 
  
   

. and so close to him that the bov

escapingsteam in his

ynrdnian ';r;fP2';0bﬂlﬂy would
. 3 ‘

under the «non...-

  

ON TO success

' “Gee whiz!” he exclaimed. ‘fWhat an escape!’
“Well, I should say it was.’ young man,’ an« ,,

‘already had some evidence to show that Jack -.

- reason to believe that he would be arrested on-ans»

as so certain of catching him that he chuckled ‘

to a long line of box cars, went.

   

an 

   

swered the yardman. “It's lucky L was standing
here. I saved you and the company a hen ’
trouble.”
“I am much obliged to you," replied Jack, grate— ,
fully. “But it's too bad." 
“Too bad! What, that I saved you? Yoiaiidnit‘
intend to commit suicide,,did you?" he cried"
suspiciously. “.
“No, I did not mean that. I mean that it was’
too bad that rascal has ecaped me." <
. “What rascal?” , ~ ‘
“The man who dashed across the track just ‘
ahead of me. It’s a great pity you didn't staolxi
him. Now I'll lose him, for by the time this long
train gets by he'll have had loads of time to get
out of sight." ~
And so it proved. The train seemed to Jack’: ».
impatient eyes a never-ending one. Several min-
utes elapsed ‘before the caboose swung by, and
then the boy dashed across the tracks, with his .
eyes on the alert for some trace of Mr. Flint. ‘rhe-
rascally clerk, however, was not to be sﬁn.
Whether he had gone up or down the yard, Jack
had no'means of knowing. That he succeeded in
getting off seemed to be quite evident. i -
But Jack did not intend to abandon his search‘ 3
for Mr. Flint without making a persistent eﬂiort
to ‘locate him again.. He inquired of yard men at
different points, but none of them had seen any
body answering to the fugitive’s description. So
after half an hour's ineifectual hunt, he gave it
up and asked his way to the police headquarters.’
Ifrevious to going there he took out the letter
V‘Il‘l§tt_3‘l:1 by‘Mr. Flint to his guilty employer and
rea .1 . '
It was plainly addressed to “Mr. Isaac Naylor‘ ._
Holderness, Wis.,",and was just as plainly s I 3‘
“Amos Flint.” ,_
In it the writer brieﬂy explained that he lust
carried out his orders to the letter, and that the
Sylph was now a charred wreck at the bottom of
Lake Michigan,‘ off Ha11ett’s Point. Mr. Flint slid
that he could not return to Holderness, as helmet

..;ré’.s:sn..‘ i.1.x..“....a.- I

  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
      
 

     
    
     
  
   

ix"

picion, for the boy who had overheard their
versation on the beach had evidently followed him: .
aboard the Sylph that morning and had, he '
lieved, kept tab on his movements. He concluded ‘
by asking Mr. Naylor to send him one hundreds,
dollars addressed to Chicago, where he wasgoinf
by the night express. .“_
Jack now decided that he would not go to police
headquarters and tell his story, for fear he might
be detained until a matter of such_ serious 
was investigated. He had heard a good , I ’
stories about the peculiar methods of the police. '
large cities, and consequently he rather. dzea‘ ’
arr interview with them. » ' ;
“I'll t and hunt up the president of the:
waukee teamboat Com any, tell him about‘
plot to destroy the Sylp , which was so “
fully carried out by Mr. Flint, and turn over ,
letter to him. He’ know how to act in the a ...,
much bette}-stban*1. I dare say he's likelyto 3”’ ‘
found at the wharf where the Holderness comet ’
as heywill want to see. Captainswinthw 
\ ' ” 

  
   
  

  
    
     
      
   
 

  
  
     

     
     
  

  
    
 

        
 
   

  
  

  
 

    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
   
  
 
    
    
     
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

as

- So Jack inquiied how he_could reach the whaif
of the Lake Michigan Navigation Company. He
was told to take a certain car which would carry
- liin’i'within a couple of blocks of his destination.
- When he reached the dock he found a big crowd
' waiting for the Holderness, whith was ‘not Yet
in sight, though it was after six o'clock.

V ‘He went to the oﬁice on the pier and asked a
clerk if he knew the president of the opposition

l" e.

“You mean Mr. Douglas? He's in the back
room. Ste inside and you'll ﬁnd him.”

Jack wa ed into the rear room, where 11? found
the gentleinan in question talking to several re-
. porters of the city dailies, who had come down to

‘ggther particulars of the loss of thesylph as soon
' as her passengers and crew were brought in by the
Holderness. A ﬁne-looking gentleman of stalwart
proportions was also in the room, He was péclng‘
’ ,1 up and down in a way that showed he was ill at

case. As Jadr approached"the grou the stalwart
man looked at him a moment and t en said:

"Isn’t the Holderness in sight yet "'

“No, sir,” replied the boy respectfully.

‘_'She is hardly due yet, Senator Blake," re-
i -T lliartd one of the reporters. “She’s a slow boat
; and as late in getting into Centerport, eighteen
"milesnorthofhere. Shelosttime,asainatterof

‘course, stopping to pick up the passengers and
- crew of the Sylph."

_ _ . “Yes, yes, I know; but you must make allow-
 ; anees for my impatience. My wife and little girl
were on the burned boat, and though the dis-
’ptches say no one was lost, still they must have
suffered.”
-“Your wife and daughter are all right, Senator
Blake," said Jack, impulsively. ”
1, ‘How can you tell that, young man? asked the
 Senator, staring at him. ' _

-. - “Because I helped rescue them from the burning
a "3 steamer. and afterward saw them in first-class
715‘ shape in. the cap’n’s cabin on board the Holder-

.

“How in thunder did you get here ahead of the
Holderness?" asked one. _

“I went ashore at Lakeview and took a train
“-7 down.” . ,
Senator Blake, however, b1-ushed\the reporters

 “Are you telling ‘the exact truth-, young man?”
 asked with feverish impatience.
_ ‘Yes, sir." V

' ‘Thank God!" breathed the bi

‘ vesitly. “Did you ay you assisted
young man?” '

p ‘I did say so.”

‘Then I want your name and address at once.

You shall be rewarded for it."

"No, sir; you can't reward me for doing my

‘duty,’ replied Jack, stoutly. *

"Dirt, young man, I insis'tr—--" -

 ‘ ‘If you want my name you can get it from your

"wife. I hope you won't detain me now, as I‘have

nt business with Mr. Douglas."

. ith me?‘ asked the president of the Mil-

waukee Steamboat Company.

‘Yes, sir. I must have a private interview with
- - at  It concerns the loss of the Sylph."

‘Very well. You shallliave it. There is a small

' sh

-.

politician, fer-
in saving them,

 
    
  
  
   
  
 

 

ON TO» SUCCESS

"between Isaac Naylor, head of the Lake ,,Mishigan

 

17

office adjoining this room. We will go in there,"
he said, leading the way. '

r

o

CHAPTER XlV.——-Wherein Jack Tells What He
Knows About the Cause of the Less of the
Sylph.

“Well, young man, what is it you have to say
to me about the loss of the Sylph? By the way,
what is your name?"

“My name is Jack Haviland. I was hired early
this morning by the agent of your company at
Holderness to pilot the Sylph through the Gull
Shoals ”

“You were?,” interrupted Mr. Douglas, incredu-
lously. “You were hired by Mr. Howard to pilot
the Sylph through the Gull Shoals?”

“Yes, sir. Mr. Morgan, your regular pilot, was
taken suddenly ill during the night, and, being
unable to report for duty, he recommended me to
the agent."

“Oh, I see,” replied the president of the steam-
boat company. “Go on.”

“I may as well tell you, sir, that I didn’t want
the job, for I have a fishing business of my own
which requires all my attention. However, I did-
it to oblige Mr. Morgan, who is an old friend of
our family, and also to help the company out of
a difficulty. I may also say that Mr. Howard
agreed to pay me a handsome sum for the work,
only half of which I have been able to earn,
owing to the loss of the steamer."

Thereupon Jack told him how, when the boat
was off Hallett’s Point, ﬁfteen miles south of
Holdemess, the explosion of a barrel of naphtha
started the blame which eventually resulted in the
loss of the Sylph.

After Jack had given the particulars of the
rescue of the passengers and crew, merely stating

I in a matter-of-fact way how he had saved the

_wife and daughter of Senator Blake, he came to
the most important part of the interview.

“The general opinion is that the loss of the
steamboat was due to the accidental explosion of
the ﬁrst barrel of ‘naptha,’ said Jack.

“I presume it was so," replied Mr. Douglas;
“but a searching investigation will have to be
made to over. if possible, why the naphtha
exploded. Holdemess_ has carried oil and
naphtha for two years without a single acci-
.dent occurring. Yet on the first down trip of
our new boat an accident happens which has.
‘destroyed the boat and placed the dives of all
on boat in jeopardy. Stringent orders were
issued to the captain of the boat with reference
to that oil, and lie will now have to explain, if
he can, how the disasterwas brought about.”

“I am sure that he will be unable to explain
the matte; I am the only one who can do
that.” I ‘

Jack then proceeded to tell the president of-
the Milwaukee Steamboat Company the sub-
stance of the conversation he overheard on the
beach at Holderncss on the previous morning

 

Navigatfoncompany, and Amos Flint, his man.
of business: Mr. Douglass sprang to his feet ~»~~. <
in great excitement. , .

  

   
 

. I

    

 .- you had him arrested?”

‘F.
4._

 otherside :
‘L " ‘Well, the l
g, '_"" every effort made to capture him. But the let-

o l i I - 0 .
ON TO.SUCCESS ‘

“This gan’t be possible, young man,” he said,
with ﬂushed face. “What! Isaac Naylor, the
wealthy owner of the Navigation Company,
guilty of, criminal conspiracy against our boat’!
I can’t- believe it. It is not reasonable.”

“I hardly thought you’d believe me without
some proof," replied Jack. _ ~

“Where is it? I must see it before I can
believe there is any ground to suspect Mr. Naylor
of guilty. connivance in the loss of the Sylph."

Jack then told _Mr. Douglas how he had first
seen Mr. Flint rush out from the part of the

“deck where the ﬁre had started with a life-pre-
servlér in his hand. i ' -

“He was the first person on board to go over-
board and try to save himself.”

Then he" recounted the brief interview he had

‘ had with Mr. Flint on board of the Holdemess,

and said that the clerk had shown every evidence-.

of guilt/ and fear of detection.
“He sneaked ashore at Lakeview just as the
boat was pulling out from the wharf,” went on

Jack, ‘and I followed him by leaping from the .

. top of the paddle~box, where I was watching to
see if he meant to leave the boat at that place,
to the roof of a storehouse built on the edge
of the pier.’ ‘

Jack told how he followed the clerk to the rail-
road station «and boarded the‘ same train’ for
Milwaukee; -how he had shadowed Mr. Flint
across the street from the Union Depot to a
hotel and watched him write a letter which he
belie_ved'was meant for Mr. Naylor; how he had
‘obtained possession of that letter; and how.-; by

 ‘driving Mr. Flint into a corner, he had extracted

8 reluctant confession from him that he was ‘in-
. deed guilty of setting ﬁre to" the naphtha barrel.
.«"Wher1 is this man Flint now? Of course

. ,'fI regret to say that he was a triﬂe too smart
for me‘ when itpcame to the pinch.” replied Jack.

_ ‘He managed to escape.” and the young ﬁsher-

‘man(explained'how the rascal eluded him- through
t.ho_unfortunate interpositlon'of the long freight
train which prevented him (Jack) from reaching
. that track. .

ice must be notiﬁed at once and

1 '.er? Where is it?” .
,« " “Here, sir,”'and Jack produced it. .
= ')1r.~'Douglas read it with a corrugated brow,
- alien refolded it and put it into his pocket.
ft "the letter certainly corroborates your story,

'. ‘ﬁl*1‘ng‘nl8l1, ind shows Mr. Naylor up "in a bad

t. Bu it value largely depends on the cape

rare of e man who wrote it.. Mr. Flint must

 as made to acknowledge the facts on the witness-
 stand, otherwise it will be a hard matter to prove

wrote that letter." 1 '
 ilnwrite it, sir."- . -
'. he should swear that he did not write it
 word would be at  as yours. Still, I
 say we -would be able to get specimens of
«Isis ha dwrtiin 1 rt to d
 A n g or an expo pass upon an
.:l‘°?;’"°:'a.,"°:“‘“‘1§.‘°:§
~ are. ~ or
mportnnt <wituess..in.the case.” -r

ishlaenh iii‘ ﬂit  
saw at

‘together with such facts as were suggested by 
Haviland, and the authorities were asked to catch '3

him at any cost. Mr. Douglas told Jack that

his presence would be required before the board.

of directors of the steamboat company next day.’
“The company will pay your expenses wliile
you remain in this city,” he said. “I will tele
phone the Lake House t provide‘ you with
room and meals." f

This was done at once, and Jack was told how V

to reach the hotel. ‘

As’ Mr. Douglas and Haviland quitted the small‘,
office announcement was made that the Holder- .
ness was coming in to the wharf, and a rush.

was made by every one for the spot where the
gangway plank was landed. I '

Friend.

Senator Blake dashed aboard the "the:
moment she touched the wharf, and soon had
his wife and child in.his arms. He heard from

Mrs. Blake’s lips how she and Bessie  .,
owed their lives to the presence of mind’ uni;

courage of Jack Haviland. a young ﬁsherman of
Holderness village. She said that their rescuer
must have gone ashore at Lakeview, for she had
not’ been seen on board
that town. . V
“I don't know anything about that,’ replied
her husband. “All I know is that I was - u
to him on the wharf about half an hour a‘gn._..'_
is a ﬁne.-manly lookimr chap: He told meﬂtst
he saved you and Bessie, but refused to 
his name and address when I proposed torewud
him for the service." ; 
“You must do something for him,

‘should never .be satisﬁed unless he was rewarded
of‘ 

for his unselﬁsh action at the moment
greatest peril." ‘,
' “Don’t.worry about that, Laura. I’ll.ta.ke care
of the young man.” ' K
efore he went to dinner th_at.ev '
sent a dispatch to his mother, 

moss
Milw

J
his safety‘an'd‘ telling her he would not 

to return to. the village on the Holde
day, as his presence was required in

by the new steamboat company. He  ,

that he would get home as soon as he could. uni‘
asked her to arrange with Ben Trawler to. n '
another trip‘ to the ﬁshing. grounds with '1'
Oliver. ' '
The next morning at ten o'clock in ~ ~  y
‘from the steamboat people ‘called for him‘
took him to the general olﬁces of the 
where he was introduced to the boardiot
tors. and before whom he repeated the  '
had told to‘President Douglas. ‘His stun-yd.“ _
listened.to with mingled amazement  .
mcrodulity. The production of the  .
gouglas. and tin’: boy’: honesigand s 
ar manner, wcver, produ a strong
fressignin keud.sndar~esolutie’uwas "F

tho ~1ummg° at
" n\n:ri:‘i1usntTo£~¢be‘

CHAPTER XV.—-Jacl_( -Makes an Inﬂuential 

after the steamboat 101$ «

    

C

Up to the moment that Jack left the city, two
days later, on the Holderness. for his home, Mr.
Amos Flint had not been captured. although the
police of Chicago and other cities and towns had
been instructed to watch for him. /

— It was noticed that Isaac Naylor wore a satis-
.~~'» - ﬂed smile since he heard the news about_the_loss
E5. of ‘the Sylph; but if he thought the oI>D°5|tl0n

 company had been driven out of business thereby
_ he was gr-ievouslv disappointed. for the Milwau-
kee Steamboat Company before the week was
E. out had secured another steamer. and was run-
_» .ning her on the Sylph's Scﬂledule. just as If noth-
F ing had happened to upset the arrangements
. they had made for the season. Jack found that
-‘ his ﬁshing business had gone on all right under
_‘ the combined attention of Ben 'l_‘raw1er and Tom
-‘.5 Oliver, and he handed Ben a liberal compensa-
 tion for services rendered.

   

 

“Levi Dyke has been prowlin’ around lookin’
wfor you,” said Tom to Jack, on the morning fol-
lowing his return to Holderness.

. ,"H8s he? Well. I'm not surprised. He’s got
 it in for me on account of the slip I gave him
7% the other day on the cliffs."

 

 2 ‘He won't trouble you now for some time to.

   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
    

," continued Tom.

‘Why not 1" asked Jack, in surprise.

‘Because he had a fall among the rocks yester-
day mornin’ and broke his leg. He can't move
out of the house." '

._ , #1 can't say that I sympathize with him much.
,;,“n¢’5 a1 big brute, and that son of his is a chip
«"0! the old block. I wish I ‘could get Gypsy
‘way from them. It is no sort of home for
. , She’s been regular slave for the whole
‘ "family, and it es my blood boil to think of
the way Sam bulldozes her around. Some day
Iii do him up in a way he'll remember for the
balance of his life,” said Jack, resolutely. _
.,When the young _ﬁsherman returned from his
next trip to the ﬁshing grounds he found a letter
awaiting him at the post-oﬂ_ice. _It bore a Mil-
waukee post-mark and the imprint of the Wis-
clliain State Senate. The writer. Senator Benton
Hake, expressed his heartfelt gratitude to Jack
Haviland for saving his wife and daughter-from
the late steamboat disaster, and he insisted on

-3 ' mething h dsome the b0)'- He 1'9‘
g , Jack to in icate hofvgwe could be use-
‘ to him in helping him ahead. in the world.
Jack answered the letter, thanked the Senator
tor what he called his generous oifei-,’and said
he would consider the matter, The boy § present
. ' n was to get ahead in the fishing busi-
nooyaiid he was succeediniz even better than he
ﬁled ever hoped for at the start. He pqactically
‘thtrolled now the entire local su_mmer supply
of Holderness. which was a considerable item
h-its way, But he did not intend to stop at
§at..,His idea was to activate by dezreesﬁl
iglll ﬁshing ﬂeet ’and‘get a'corner on the Mil-
‘ﬁlukee trade as well. In fact.  his mind's
$3: eventually intended to ach o_ut_ and
. the ﬁshing magnate of e Michigan,
 in the end dominate even the Chicago mar-
H. .

'39- such ‘word as

ON TO . SUCCESS

to make his way on to suc- . 9.
by . ow and sure. 'l‘o such’ a bgx,-rs’ ‘The S0830!‘ then Droceeded to net Jack's ideas
v“fail" §g,,_b,‘q_“"-‘dii:-' ~.
; ‘ -I \ .

19

CHAPTER XVI.-—-In Which the Little Foimdling
Comes Into ‘Her Own

About ten days after the steamboat catastro-
phe Mrs. Blake and Bessie returned to their cot-
tage at Holderness, and the Senator accompanied
them. was invited to take dinner with them
on the first Sunday after their return. The
Senator took advantage of the. opportunity to
sound the boy concerning his future prospects.

Jack told him how he had taken up the ﬁshing
business where his father left off. for the family
looked to him for its support, and had succeeded v
in pushing it beyond a mere livin_g——in fact, to
a point where he was making quite a handsome -v
proﬁt during the summer. He went on to out- ’
line his plans to secure the Milwaukee trade and
eventually that of the Chicago ‘market. ‘

“I have little doubt but you will succeed. Havi-
land, even if you have to rely entirely on your
own resources. But in these days. when every-
thing goes ahead at a livelier rate than formerly
a little help forward should not be despised.”

“I don’t want any help, sir," replied the boy,
resolutely. “I can hoe my own row without any
outside assistance. There is a sight more satis-
faction in working your own way to success than
in having somebody else land you in the butter
tub, as mother calls it."

“That's all very well. Haviland, as far as the
sentiment goes." replied the politician, “and
would apply better to the times a quarter of a
century ago than to the present day, when every-
think I5 done with a rush. One mugt accommo-
date ono’s self to his-.surroun(|ings. Your plan
01' W0_l'k1ngz up to such a big proposition as you
have in view is a bit out of date. Long before .
it‘ would be possible for you to come within
SDeakmg_ distance of your goal, through your '
own unaided eﬁorts. some-other smart person.
discerning your purpose. would step in, discbunt
you by a hberal expenditure of hand cash, and
acquire the monopoly you were seeking. I don’t *
tell you this to discourage you at the outset. but
to put the situation squarely before you as things
exist to-day. Now, I like to see a boy of your .3
progressive ideas get _ahead. What is the mat- -
ter. with you doing it in the most up-to-date and
successful way? You have the executive ability
to succeed. All you really need is the sinews
of war—that is. the ready cash. Very well—-
let me be your banker. ‘ I owe you more than
I can ever express in mere words. 

“Besides, I am bound to say that I have taken
an uncommon interest in this scheme‘ of yours.
I want to -make a young captain of industry
0f you. Remember, I am not trying to rob you 
of any of the glory of your enterprise. Whether
or not you achieve ultimate success will depend ‘
€1_1tl!‘e1.\'ton_ yourself, not on my money. If I ' . 
did not belieev you possessed the latent power “
of a good organizer and director I would not '....-‘
suggest my present plan. which is‘ that. withrmy 
ﬁnancial and political backing, you ltartjn lat
once to secure the fi,shing'nionopoly of Lake
Michigan. Let.  consider how this can
best be had." ‘

 

.on the subject. after which he outlined a plan
for the boy to follow, showing him have; his po-

  

" V liticalinﬁuence could be brought to bear to~nd-
vaptage, and how his money would enable Havi-
lami to put the business on a basis that must
soon stifle competition. Having accepted Senator
Blake’s co-operation, he proceeded to set the
machinery in motion without delay. -’

Before he had more than looked over the
_ground a telegraph dispatch suinm him to
Milwaukee. Amos Flint had been one ed in St.
Louis and brought on by detectives. Mr. Flint
was induced to make arfull confession of his
agency in the destruction of the Sylph, and his
sworn statement so incriminated Isaac Naylor
that that gentleman was immediately arrested in
his elegant house at Holderness.
for trial. Mr. Naylor of course obtained his
liberty for the time being by giving a substantial

""~ bail. At the subsequent trial he made a big ﬁgnt,

‘with the assistance of distinguished counsel; but
he could not get over the testimony f Mr. Flint,
who was permitted to turn Sta e’s evidence
against his employer.

g The result was that Mr. Naylor got a ten-year

* sentence in the State prison, while Mr. Flint,

- though the' chief actor, under compulsion, was, as.
.per- arrangement, let off easy. .
' Jack, before the close of the summer, bought

' no the most available ﬁshing boats that made

their rendezvous at Holderness and started them
out in the service of the “Haviland Fishing Com-
pany."- The Lake Michigan Navigation Company

'7 came under the hammer after its president was

~ landed in prison, and Senator Blake bought up

‘ the franchise, steamer Holderness ‘and other
property belonging to the company. and turned

...,the_~whole'over‘to the management of Jack Havi-

’lan<.f,’ and it nominally became part of the assets

‘ of the ﬁshing company, of which Jack was presi-

dont and general manager.

._ Just before Senator Blake closed his cottage.

. in the last days of September, a brother Senator
and bosom friend, named George Matthews, came

- , down to Heldemess to spend a week ‘at the Blake

cottage. Jack was introduced to him and they

seemed to take an’ immediate liking to each
other. One afternoon the cyoung ﬁsherman took
Senator Matthews ‘up the ilfs to show him the

* spot from which he had made his _thrilling_Ieap

“ to escape from Levi Dyke and his associates.

"On their return down the cliﬂ. they suddenly

, came face to face with Gypsy Dyke. Senator

.. T . Matthews came to a sudden, stop and gazed at

~ * her as if fascinated, while his face turned deathly

4 “ ‘p e. i

. "Great heaven!" he ejaculated in
f -at" once attracted Jack's attention. “Who is this
girl." ' ' . ~
“Gypsy Dyke!” repeated ‘the Senator, mechani-
cally. “Heaven above. how like—”
, Haviland misinterpreted the politician's emo-
Ciuh ’a 3 . I l ' o‘

w .. ‘;“Come here, Gyp.” he said, holding out his

“‘-..,‘hand tothe girl. ' _ , - .

~&_'§, M She ran toward our hero with B zlad cry, and

-.5; ‘.7 6.; he p_ut his arm around her .she nestled close

 i_1.f-to his side._ . »  7 ~ .

“Y “Senator Matthews,  is one  the wild

4.» ﬂowers -of our ' ” Jack said.’ “Shel:

  

   
  
  

y, too.-had, that she is under the control of as big
 rascalxsasisout of  and his son. She‘

‘. ’ . ,.

--_r. .

ON’. TO SUCCESS

Both were‘ held ’

.to give you some clue—" .— .;

an tone that '

, ﬁshing ____
_;~ stheibest little girl in a the wide world. It’ 

    
 
    
    
  
   
 

is no relative of theirs at alL Only a 
foundling who, twelve years ago, came ashore f;
in a box attached to abit of wreckage, after 8‘ ’»“~
big storm on the lake, and Levi Dyke found her‘ . _
cast up among the rocks near his cottage." "1 ‘
“What!” gasped the Senator, in a voice that
trembled with emotion- “This child, you say. 
was picked up along the shore after a wreck :-:
twelve years ago?” i 
“That’s right,” replied Jack, astonished at. his‘
companion’s agitation. _
“My heavens! Can it be that this is—is—-—-'
He could get no __further, while great 
coursed down his cheeks. ' 7"
“Good gracious, Senator! What is the 
ter?” asked Jack, while Gypsy regarded the gen- »
tlenian with wonder. ‘ *
“Twelve years ago,” replied the Senator, in I * ‘
broken voice. “my wife and little girl. Josie, 

.»were returning to Chicago from a Canadian port" 3‘

in the ‘lake steamboat City of Duluth. The" 1.
steamer foundered somewhere in midlake and all‘?
on board were presumed to have perished. I" -
have mourned’ my dear ones as dead ever Sing. 7;
But this child, whom you say was cast 
in this State about that date, is the living Ernst! 
of my wife. Can it be that she is my daughter, -
-—-the only soul saved from that awful wreck 2" V ’
_ “Great Scott, Senator! Who knows but 81!!
is!” cried Jack, greatly e)_:c_ited. “Perhaps Levi ‘A
Dyke may be able and willing, if you pay him. '

    
    
    
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   

At that moment the unlight ﬂashed upon ﬂue
thin. golden chainattached to a locket'worn% .
Gypsy. With a stiﬂed cry the Senator no ‘f "
upon it and drew forth the locket from the ,llIt- or
brown neck of the little girl. He pressed ‘g.
spring and the locket ﬂew open. rev ' 
face of a lovely women. -Senator Matthews gas. t
ed at it spellbound, then be seized the astonished
Gypsy and folded her to his heart. - *4’

“My child-—my little Jessie! You have con;
back to me at last. Heaven be thanked!’ ‘-
It is unnecessary‘to dwell on this scene. 
reader's imagination will supply all the details.
£1: well t?lStW}-l':t.nf)celfS8I}'ll1y followed. Needless

[say 3. vi- ye adtogiveupG»ypg',~
though he made a ﬁght-against it. and was 
ﬁnally molliﬁed by a sum of money wliich\=he
ad] notGin left deselrve. ﬁck was ’ ' _ 

ose ypsy; ut ewaspeased yond 
to know that the child was removed fromﬁie ""
evil inﬂuences o_f tlﬁ Dyke family and hair ‘
planted to a position of happiness and aﬂludllﬂ-'

But Jack did notlose Gypsy altogether. 
years afterward. when at the head of the-‘ta:elt:."
ﬁshing monopoly of Lake Michigan, ‘he 
the home of Senator,Matthews, at that  ‘
man’s special request,‘ he found that Jessie 
hews, once little Gypsy Dyke. had never, 103.71,
moment forgotten. the young ﬁsherman of 
erness. Then and there was born a new
between them that resiilted in their , _
year later. .And thus. with their rnarriagq 
rmeuuz in‘oIu ears. we bring to a.close the‘  ﬂ 
of The “Boy Who Got Ahead. » ‘ "

 Next week's issue lwillmontainv an i
 '  _..« 1-’ l .- ,,.

  
   
  
   
   
       
   
  

in».

 '-W

  

  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
   
      
    
     
   
   
      
 
       
    
 
     

ACURRHEENT N1aws'_

STEAL SAFE TO GET MONEY SNAKES SC-ARE BURGLARS

 robbers raided the Caldwell State Rank A group of qafe cracker; in Toledo 0 W3,‘
' bY‘11‘i::te"fdC};.-a‘g;a",‘.'n I11-'n“!‘:a‘:'hS"s:3.‘e3%°‘1ed§ ready to sign the pledge recently after an un-
it éwa - with <;hem0“1 its; toea telegram successful raid on the safe in the _Boy Scout
ed atyth om . z}octh Iﬁn _ Bankers, . cabin and all because of seven guardian snakeg_
, t, 9 0&5 0 9 1 015 After knocking off the cambmation with sledge
*3 109- _ _ hamrners the _\'e:.72's anparentlx Rave it up as a
nable to oven the safe by the combination, bad Job ‘and looked about for other‘ loot. ’I:he
‘robbers leisurely procured _an automobile first object that met their attention was 3
. as tt!'}1‘1ck.dbacl:e‘:ie(§ttt}:) atwindovlzogeavrhfilgﬁ Satqflhel. T}l;nev opened 1t and ﬂed.

3“ “-71 e1‘¥'1° 9 5 Y0“? . v . e sate el contained . ven V . '
ed 4,009 bounds. through the 0Def|m8- 00 - had been sent to the c_abi:1e as apgrisggrtietr: 
~8ank oflicxals said the_safe contained $4 . Pierce, educational director. now in Colorado,
_‘that’the most annoying loss was that of- by W.  McCarthy. who borrowed a rattlesnake
‘safe itself. from Pierce this summer.

_ \

L   ‘ BOYS, READ THIS s I

. THE GREATEST DETECTIVE STORIES EVER WRITTEN ARE PUBLISHED IN

“M YSTER Y MA GAZINE’ ’

- * \ Read the number out today on all newsstands. It contains GEORGE BRONSON-
A ‘~ ' " HOWARD’S detective novelette

C6 . ' 9!
E THE HOODWINKERS

_ It is full_ of exciting incidents and contgiris a dandy plot.
’ A|l'You Radio Bugs, Read I

V. , f‘DRAWN TEETH”
A story of roughnecks in the underworld, written by JOE BURKE.‘

WJZ recently Broadcast It on the Air
It must have been a good one for that great station to use it.

And Don’t Miss the Two-Plart Serial
“THE FORBIDDEN ROOM”
By EDWARDIL. BENNETT .
. It zips along crowded with mystery and adventure from the first
.. to the last chapter. ' _
Do You‘ Want Your Character Read .17 tee of’ Charge?

‘Send LOUISE RICE, a. sample of your writing and she will tell you your best points
— in life, advise what is best for you and help you a whole lot.

~ - _ BE SURE TO READ THE SHORT STORIES
"‘Bul:ton!'Button!" by Paul E. Triem; “Reunion,” by Laurence D’0rs_ay; “The Hypnotic

Mystery," by Earl W. _Scott; “The Clue in‘ the Watch," by Carl G. Hodges.
and “Mixed Trails,” by Freeman Harrison. ‘

1:: Addition There Are Numerous _ .
INTERESTING ARTICLES ' ,

They cover all sorts of -police and defective cases in real life, and
cannot fail to please you. '

  Copy ——‘Show_ it to Your Friends}-— You Will Like 1:2» I
7  ‘  ~ ’   ’ V ‘ . ’ THE EDIT0R.V_J.:

  

 
 

  

I

   

 

‘  A“ND.FOR'I'I'JNE"WEEKLY 4 d 21

 

  
 

.. or, ._
 for Wa('—NewI by Wireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XWI.
Dropped On The Field Of Battle.

“Nonsense! Not to be. thought of for an in-'

stunt!” exclaimed Brown when Rob returned to
~- the room to ﬁnd’ Doctor Cordes gone and the re-
porter there alone. ‘ _

' “I don't like this mixing women up with our
aﬂairs,,either,” he added sulkily. “I’m mighty
sorry you had to it.” ’

“Oh, now come, wait till you hear my reasons.’
profgsted Rob, “then you willtell me that you
. would have done the same yourself. Don't forget
shat I was practically kidnapped into your serylcf.
Brown,” and he went on to explain about Edith s
situation. - _
“Say, I know that Durelle. We passed right
over it coming here,” said Brown,_ then.
“And shall do the same returning.”
"I suppose so 3 but it's no use, Rob. Remember.

 AND roirriiisrn WEEKLY

 and the Reporters

reporter were about to leave Herr Behi-ends next

i’ve got nothing to say about it. Totten would

.  t‘!
 v V ciildiego sure of that. If he could ﬁe Miss
' «Morley! I tell you she's a beauty.’ ‘. _
’_ “Which has nothing at all to do with it. Now
, don’t bother me any more. I’ve heard of a man
who is going to Holland from Herr Behrends. I
’ am going to write up a lot of stuﬁ for the Times
, and sepd it b_ghl'l!lm "
.  “God enou _
and take a chance of its getting to New York."
 ,-“All through the day the young‘ reporters sat
'54,-ribbling at the table, and between them a lot of
copy was turned out. r . .-
“Gaing to see Miss Morley again?” Brown
suddenly asked as they _sat at supper.
' “I certainly am,” replied Rob, decidedly. -
-,“You are not going to call at the house where
'she and Mrs. Muller are staying, _I hope. Ro_b,
‘you have no right to put this mission of ours in
, seai ” ' ’

v-u

  

  

‘o; I am notgoing to call there. I have prom-

pomow’ . i - V
 ’s better. I've been thinking Totten /lﬁight
« ‘ " ed to‘ consent to drop the irl at Durelle
"if-she’='¢:ould disguise as a man.‘ ‘in positive he
not want it reported that he had a woman

_l9"l’hat’s an idea, I’ll suggest it to her.”
lappointniait at the Cathedral was kept.
cnn"do that)‘. said Edit}: when Rob told her
Rpm had said. “I, can make up so that

' never _ ’ ‘ . .

       
    
     
 

    

I'll do the same for the Earth, ,

sed to meet her at the Cathedral at early mass to-. 9,

 

 

uA V
year ago I lost most of my hair while down with

“I’ll let you into a secret,” she replied.

A *.{iJ.r-.i.:.'~x.if'-2i;f09i?iI§L i."?ﬁi_x. -. .

a fever. It is still short.
is false.” . ~ .
“But can you make your disguise without let~ ’ *
ting Mrs. Muller know?”
“Rob, she is to be trusted. She is one of the
loveliest of women.’"
“You positively mustn't, Edith. If trouble
should come of it I should never forgive,myself.” ,
“Then I’won’t. Leave it to me. What times.“
to-moi-row evening do you two start for that place
in the woods?”
“At eleven.”
“I’ll‘bd on hand.”
“But if the lieutenant i'efuses‘Z”
3 “I’ll take a chance.’
, “If he does I shall remain in Hildesheim. I-
shall not desert you, Edith.”
“You must do nothing of the sort. I won-‘t
‘permit it. I was_n’t searched, Rob. I still have
plenty of money and am amply able to take can _
of myself. You go right on about lyour business’
and never mind me.” ‘ .  "’
“She's plucky, all‘ right," remarked_ Brown
when Rob: told him. “but we must not attempt to“?
fool Touen. Not likely we could. anyway I, see-7
you are dead stuck on the girl and I hope for your
sake the scheme works.” . .
And thus it came about that when Rob and the

Much of what you see i

  
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
     
  
    
     
  
     
   
 

night, they were joined by a stylish young “an-,_
tleman" who captured Brown's full sympathy at“
once.’ V , ‘ 
“Upon my word, your disguise is perfect, Miss
Morley,” he declared. “I do believe you‘ could’
‘even have fooled me. I shall do my bestzto help‘
you along.” . 1‘
They made their way to the appointed place’,
unchallenged. . .
Shortly after midnight the Wright was
hovering above them. E?’
Brown showed his electric ﬂashlight, the si 
' agreed upon, and it descended. ‘I’ '8.
“Is it success or failure?” called Lieutenant
Totten. as the right came down among the tree-',
tops. I .
“Success,” replied Brown. ,
“I see there are three of you.” ’
“Yes. I’ll explain.” ‘_
They took-the lieutenant aside when Joe lax-
well made his landing and Rob introduced I:‘.dIt'§.r‘-
. “I sized you up quite differently,” he said to
Edith. “Of course I see now. "I don't know thaéﬁ "
I have any objection. Were you ever up 
aeroplane before?” ‘ - ‘
“ ever.” I ,
“ hink you can stand it?’ _ '
“I can stand anything once I make up my mind
it’:

to it." , . .
“You can join us, then, but I am afraid gov ’
ing to be rough work, for the wind is rising ,
it looks like a storm. I may not be able toluﬂ
you at Durelle." , ' 1 .
“When shall we pass over the town!” _ . y
“I all depends upon the’ wind. But let. us,stor§
right along. ..Ei1ery instant we remain here it

risk." ,, . .
. (To be contimled-l‘ '

   
   
      
     
  
   
 

     
   
  
    
       
  
  

’A

 

E.

    
    
    

 

    
 

   
 
  
 
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
 

O

TRAGEDY OF CANADIAN WILDS

. A weird tale of :witchcraft. torture and murder
am (we, the wuves from the far~away Tele-
graph Creek. .
It was a_ message from_ a Royal Canadian
“mounted policeman, announcing that,_ after trek-
king for a year through northern British Colum-
hia, he was returning to civilization with an aired
vtquaw and four Indian .accomplices._ ‘V310 kluei},
;'g’yonng brave by inches becausehis sorcery
brought the wrath of the evil spirits “P011 hi5
rtribesmen. _ - . _ _ ’ ‘Th
,, Atol Moassin wash the dvlcﬁtlﬁnfig 13$: Wag
lngme’ wi . -
' 'e6i,i%:ds‘1"1‘imt‘l‘iecp:<1)llicm:eman’s dispatch- There
.wIs"only a brief account of the crime.
gyear ago, said the message, hunting sudden-
, ‘ very pooramong the Indians of the
em wilderness: A lonz. cold winter fol-
‘, and starvation, disease and death cut
ha in the ranks of the ti-ibes_me_n.
.. -The’ superstition of their religion taught the
'Indians that some one of their number, Some
sorcerer and maker of “bad medicine” whose
Witfcheries invoked _the wratli” of the evil spirits.
and brought calamity upon the tribe. Suspicion
hill upon the ‘youth Atol. _ _
Led by the aired Squaw, the tribesmen invaded
, shack at night, found him mumbling strange
ords over his tiny woodﬁre and laid hands on
and 19: him hang for days, slowly _dying- ‘
, At jgngth the aged woman grew impatient that
_Atol died so slowly. according ‘>0 the P°l1°°m3“ 5
jtelegraphed account, and so she cut his throat
with a hunting knife. ' '
 the trails from camp to camp the SW1"!
Ci“-"_ere_ through to the mounted police. and 9"?
its members set forth to bring the sla.\er-

 

CRIME PREVENTION _
g A ‘crime prevention bureau” is being 0rE1U1}Z'
in Sin Francisco  Chief of.Police Duamel
O'Brien, who says its ob3¢¢tS W1“ be t0 t3k.°
Oliporrtunity away ,from'the crook and render it
‘ - for him to make a living."
Tiie first work mapped out for the new bureau
A survey of the burglar hazard of_ every build-
', store and home in San. Francisco. _To a_c-
eimpiseii this the police of each district will
. .. every building on their beats from the‘.
'%Vpo'mt of the potential burglar, The patrol-
F A discover the vulnerable points of houses.
them out to the" owners. that the neces-
preemitions may be taken. . _
‘ inspecting patrolman will ask himself:

What about the skylight on this.buildin_g--is
easil rem ed?” . ~-
tiiis oiii".:e simiiainz on sundays do the;
-4~ yatcheon strangers who use the ele.V§I*»°!'S,-
  strange ‘Q1  _theVstairV‘i-‘M73

ether. entrances" on noli<.!§ys‘{7 \

’ -FAME‘ AND FoRTiiNi: -WEEKLY
FROM EVERYWHERE

They tied him to a saplinm head dowrr -

 those windows close to the ground kc!”-A
. ,_ _

 

  

The latest wrinkles in burglar tricks and the
adroitness of pickpockets will be‘ broadcast to the
public bv the crime prevention bureau. The

bureau will assemble exhaustive statistics on‘

criminals‘ ’ methods.

“Intelligent cooperation between the public.

and the Police Department,” explained Chief
O'Brien. “will reduce burglaries, robberies and
larcenies." ‘

The bureau, said to be the first of its kind
in the country. had been placed in charge of a
lieutenant of police.

LEViIATHAN’S CHEF ' MUST SUIT ALL
NATIONS

C_ateri_n_g to the appetites of travelers of all
nationalities by maintaining an “international
cuisine" is the task assignel to Albert Meyer,
famous Swiss chef of the ex—Kaiser of Geunany,
who now presides over the kitchens of the steam-
ship Levi'athan—the ﬂoating city of this United
States Lines, Inc. ~

Chef Meyer said recently that while American
dishes predominate on the Leviathan the menu
always must contain delicacies to appeal to the
appetites of English, French, German and Rus-
sian transatlantic travelers Specialties that
are classed as strictly typical of the Unite!
States; he said, are chicken a la King, lobster
Newburg, Boston baked beans and chicken pie,
Southern style. . ‘

In addition to several thousand dollars’ worth
of groceries, which supplement quantities of
staple foods brought from New York, Chef
Meyers laid in a huge supply of delicacies for the
return voyage: of the Leviathan in border that he

‘ might maintain the title -given him by numerous

transatlantic travelei-s—,-the premier chef of the
seas. Among some of the things taken aboard
the vessel under his supervision before the liner
sailed from Cherbourg, recently were,1-")0 pounds
of Rl1S;~'l8l’] caviar. 60 dozen frogs legs. 40‘) pair‘
of sweetbreads, 800 Bordeaux squabs, 400 pounds
of fresh mushrooms, 100 tins of truﬁles, 1,200
French poulardes, 1,000 bunches of hothouse

grapes, 200 tins of pate de foie gras, ‘.50 coeurs 1

de palmier, or hearts of palms. and a large quan-
tity of fresh vegetables. _

The kitchen staff of the Lei-tathan, over which
Chef Meyers holds command. comprises 200
cooks, bakers, butchers, pastry experts and pan-
try men. J "

-In the days of the ex-Kaiser’s splendor Albert
Meyer was the chef on board the former empe-
ror’s private yacht. He continued in this ca-
pacity on the steamer Hamburg, which was
chartered for .m eightgweeks’ cruise to Norway
by the former Kaiser. hater he took command
in the galley of the steamer’Ypimugu, which was
chartered by Sir Ernest Cassel for a cruise to the
Orient, with iﬂbert Ballin and Felix Warburg
as guests. ' i -

When the L91-iathan was commissioned orig-

inally Meyer sailed with her as ﬁrst chef. His « «A

culinary education was obtained in the leading

Eotels of London, Paris, New York and the Far.‘
. ast.

 

 

  
 
 

 

  
   
  

CLEAN THE PINS

Dirty contact’ pins in vacuum tube adapters
. I * can cause a zreat deal, of noise in the earphones.
’ . Clean them every once in a while with. a piece

- . of fine emery paper. ‘
., l .
‘- "“ _ , ONE OF THE BEST TUBES
‘.1 The UV-201-A has a longer life than the «old-
' 2 twe UV-201. and it.is estimated to be about‘

twenty-two times more efficient than the UV-201.

Such tubes do not require special circuits. The
‘ standard regenerative circuit can be used with
t em. -

 

USING BATTERY SWITCH

In arranging an A battery switch in a_se_t
using a potentiometer, be sure that the ﬁlmit is
broken Some place before that instrument. as ‘It
is connected directly across the battery and
draws a slight current from it. It makes no
difference whether the switch is in the nega-
tive or’ positive wire.

BENDING WIRES
Before making a bend in axe wire, be_sure it
is of the proper lentzth. If the wire is bent
then found that it is too short or to omr.

d not attempt to straighten it»:-lay it _
be used for some other connection. Wire that
has been bent is apt to break if an a_.ttemvt.,is
made to straighten it out, and even it it does
. not break, it will be weak where the bend oc-
 , curred or. due to J;l_‘y8tSlllZ3l‘.l0l’l at this point, it
may cause hiiih. resistance. ~

 

  

POINTING THE ANTENNA ‘

To receive with best results from the West
point the antenna east and west and take the
lead-in  the western end. It may be that

lon‘ger,liours of daylight are affecting your re-
ception instead of something wrong in the set
_ or antenna. Daylight greasttlgv reduces the range
“of a set and long-distance tions are not heard
is zgaa early in the eveningfas in he Winter.

    
  
    
    

oh TO AVOID I-IOWLING
Howling may beséauaed by having wires too
ose andvpar el, producing a feed-back._ The
audio transformers should be about four inches
 and at right angles to each other. Too
‘ ratio transformers and short-circuited trans-
louner windiniror too.liigh “B” battery voltage
so couseliowls. Check up the connections to
ﬁe sure they are conpct: Continuous oscilla-
or T,

  
   
   
   
  
    

  

* max be produced by gmtins the apparatus
we close : 1 wires in the hook-up
tooliiah ‘B’ battery voltage. 0

- , ,

 

3 ,'r}lE:sAnI.o,ssA3l"
 ‘svorld lessons wireless ll’,

  

 Y ‘ - V ~ >.
‘ of Ar systeni; of
irsﬁo transmission  lsst*Deceiii-

‘I

‘ A ‘‘ AND_ FORTUNE WEEKLYS ‘ ‘

lN'l‘ERESTlNG; RADIO; NEWS AND HINTS  

continent and Paciﬁc Ocean between them, con-

‘the reception to only‘ a few miles.

 

   

ber in London. The electric waves 'carrying the
messages. ‘ie said, could under the new scheme 
be turned in any desired direction. like the beam. ‘
of a searchlight, as opposed to the present sys- .
gem whereby the waves are sent out in all dire9'-
ions. " -

A 7,000 MILE -TALK

Carlos Braggio, of Bernal, Buenos Ayres, and 7. /
Ivan 0’Meara, of Gisborne, New Zealand, radio
amateurs. with 7,000 miles of South American.

 

     
 

versed two hours by radio. establishing what is»
said to be a world's amateur radio record. .
' Braggio, who knows English. had spent most’-;
of the night unsuccessfully attempting to get.
some North American amateur to answer the »,
signals of his station, CBZ8, when at 4 o'clock. 
the morning he was amazed to receive an
swer from the other side of the globe——O’Meara’s
station 2AC. —

The amateurs opened a conversation which '
continued until 6 o'clock, when Bi-aggio told
0’Meara he had been up all night and wanted
to go to bed. _ The New Zealander answered tllllv--A
he was sorry, because it was only 9 o'clock in,
the evening at station 2AC. Later. Braggio  ‘A
ceived a congratulatory ‘cable from 0'Meai-a eon- '.
ﬁrming his conversation. ’

  

 
   
       
     
    

        
 

  

      
     
     
 

   
     
     
     
    

. SMALL FREAK SETS ~ -

Building radio receiving sets in extremely‘ *. 5
small spaces and on all sorts of bric~a«bi-ac B ’ ”
always a sure way to catch the public eye and get
the builder's picture in the papers, and yet well .
sets are the simplest possible types of receivers. '

Of course in order to make outﬁts as small as":
this, vacuum tube detectors cannot be used. slm-v
ply because of the batteries necessary as well‘I: ‘
gleile comparatively large size of the tubes ‘them-A.‘

yes. « G V
Instead. crystal detectors were used. with the
simplest form of tuning element, a single coil d ._
wire. The fact that a ‘crystal is used’ limitat is
and it-‘ is
absolutely necessary to use an serial and ground
of some kind. A loop aerial is useless. and for
this reason the portability of the set is doubt-

“ . _ /' ’,

The tuning of these sets is usually
one wavelength. that of the nearest b 
ink station. Sometimes a few tans are 
but the sets will not tune well enough evesiwlﬁ.
such a device to really make them of serious
consideration. _ ' ” 

Any set which employs a crystal detectorlaip
a ‘simple coil with a set of taps. or witlioutiau.
wi ‘generally receive several stations at ‘

      
  

   
     
  

    
    
  

  
     
  

 
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

   
   

  
   
   
  
 
 
   

same time. or none at all. The 'sliglitesti I

and the crystal has to be adjusted alﬁiver S

and the total value to the adv »  

git o§"r:%io'is umi:el » ‘Hie  A  "I
y c is‘ one A-to ever;-ruled

wireless work; And except lathe finals

tare sets. 38 ‘l1€Xt“l§Q_.!}I!.Il'ﬂ.llI!C.'-.,‘:.. :

     
 
 

  
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
     

’POLICEMAN'S QUICK WIT SAV-ES 63 LIVES
 Sixty-three lives were saved by the quick wit
1 ‘ of Patrolman Thomas Murphy, when an ape ran
 amuck in an animal emporium at No. 612 West
'  One Hundred and Twenty-ﬁfth street. New York.
‘-' y The ape, who answers to the exotic name ‘‘Jocko,'’
; _ had been left without food over the week-end.
5 Joeko reverted to the law of the jungle under
 the pressure of hunger. and proceeded to open
.5, the,canary cages in the window and devour the
 occupants. There were seventy caged birds and
the ape had eaten seven and was opening the
eighth cage when Patrolman Murphy arrived.
"The policeman boosted ten year-old Ralph
Giupee, over the transom and Ralph snapped a
i leash on Jocko’s collar and tied the animal to
 a rim:-bolt. _
%. A sidewalk statistician estimated the value
ft‘ of the monkey’s meal at $128, but nobody oifereil
" -to present Jocko with the bill. Patrolman Murphy
 modestly disclaimed credit for the rescue. bonit-
'  ing out that the collars of the canaries—orange,
" white and green—commended protection from
puny black and tan brute when a Murphy was in
 neighborhood. ' -

\

BERENGARIA STRIKES A TWENTY-TON
- WHALE

,1
The oﬁicers of the Cunarder Berengaria. which
; arrived recently from Southampton and Cher-
‘ hourg. told a story of_how the liner met a whale
-“It the tail end of the Grand Banks and what
ed. “Twas the ﬁsh's ﬁnish,” said Chief
I eer E. J. Rodgers, R. N. R.. who said that
the whale was eighty feet long and weighed about
twaity tons. _
The Ber-engaria was steaming at'23‘/2 knots
_ ,-mu weight of 75,000 tons of _ steel and iron
“ the ‘whale attdeatht bloat: Jl1StTl]l1ehl}l(l It:
lludshrp‘ ' s. amost cu in i in wo. e imiiac
was ngfelt at all on the liner. the Chief Officer
 ‘ e thought that the whale had dived and
"Wax coming to the surface when the Berengaria
 it. 4 ‘ —.
, ‘The incident occurred just ‘before 8 o'clock in
: morning. when there were not iriany of the
cabin passengers on deck. Captain W. R. D.
‘ e; R. D.. R. N. R.. the master of the Beren-
taria. said that he had been nearly forty Years
Sea in sailing vessels, warships and steam-
Qﬁhl and it was the first time he had ever known
if 1 big liner striking a whale. .

    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
    
   
  

  

AVATIONS AT POMPEII NO LONGER

‘ CONCEALED

The “new” excavationsﬁat Pompeii are begin-
= tn'_he'fairly well known. for permission to
them is no longer hard to obtain. It is
forbidden to photograph or to_ draw, but‘
e- s that many cameras are clicked when
guide is round the corneii_.and_ m_any pencils

transcribed the legible inscriptions. yri-ites
. correspondent of .“'l'h_e London Times.”
, system which prevails 1!} Italy or auto;
-  aver, tlie,,nnearthinir*_nnd publica-

 

   

  

34-“

. FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY " 25
GOOD _RE.A'DING

 

“("1 Pf aTCh€010Rical discoveries by the .\Iinistr.\'
of Fine Arts has many advantages. Treasures
are not damaged by the ignorant or sold by the
avaricious, but classiﬁed and preserved by ex-

Derts. The great disadvantage is that their
numbers are so vast and the officials’ funds are
so limited that months and sometimes years lapse
b€‘f°1‘e many of ’the rarest and most instructive
are widely known. After all, however. they
have mostly lain hidden for 2,000 years. and a
few months more or less cannot make very much
difference. -

_ There are. many Roman remains far more beau-
tiful and_more valuable to special branches of
archeological study thar} Pompeii. Its interest
lies in its completeness and in the picture it
presents'not of art or society at its highest, but

of the ordinary life of a provincial town. More -

especially _In_ the new excavations we can see,
in their original places, the lamps. pins, posters.
laundries, taps. doorknobs and other' such humble
possessions and productions of a vulgar little com-
munity. It is very salutary to be thus admon-
ished that the Romans were not all square-built.
hook-nosed men wearing shining armor and talk-
ing Ciceroniaii I-rose. It is enormously cheer-

. ing to find that some of them had a keen sense

of humor, for example the gentleman who wrote
i his dining room:
Igiscivos vultus et blandus aufei ocellos;
Conjuge ab alterius sit tibi in ore pudor.

This is the pagan equivalent of the Tenth

‘Commandment. rather pitliily expressed.

a o -
‘Mystery Magazine”
S¢mi'M0nthlY 15 Cents a Copy
158 THE MYSTERY OF ROARING WATIKI, by
Han-1? Adler. . ’

IQ9 THE‘ IVER PIRATES,0I3 Hamilton Cr-alcle.
100 THE SHADOW’ OF A N SE. DY Jack Bechdolt.
161 A1.‘ 2 A. LL, bi»: Beulah Poynter.

182 THE INTRIG ‘EBB. b Grover Kldwell.

)6 THE LOCK AND KE . by Hamilton Cralglo.

164 THE TALKING DOG. by 1-‘rank Blighton.

165 THE HEART ON THE MIRROR. by Alexander
Morrison. .
166 MIXED MOTIVES, by Eric Howard.

SOUTHWEST OF THE LAW
By HAMILTON CRAIGIE
Out Today in .\'o. 18''.’
HARRY E. WOLFF, Publisher. Inc.
166 West 23d Street New York City

  
  

“Moving Picture Stories”
A Week!) lnnslu bound to rhotopinn on n.,......

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY

liaclihuinber, contal Three St rl . tn ‘
on the Screen-—Eleganlt.Half-toIIe.8c:I:I fl'0.I1IBCe:: 

-11! About Prominent Poo 19 in i
l'|lino—Dolngi of Act» a Actro-es
nil Ianou in Sallﬂ? W‘:-mug. h &° ‘mm’

‘HARRY E. wows. canister. Inc.‘
New York qr;

  
    
   
 
 

 ‘ NEW YORK, OCTOBER

' 166 W. 23d St.. N. Y.

recently from Seward.
‘moose antlers billed to a knife handle and

 

  

 

26 I
Fame and Fortune Weexly

24,

. TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

1924

single Copies..................l'oItI¢e Free BCONI
One Copy Three Months...... " " ‘-00
Une Copy six Months......... “ " 1-00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .. " " 4-W

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00.

BOW TO SEND n0NE¥_—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check or xistered Letter; remittance!
in any other way are at our risk. We acce t Postage
stun s the same as ea When sendins I 1"" “"9
the our in a se rate piece of paper to "old “N”!
the envelope. Wprlte your name and address P131311-

. HARRY E. WOLF F . .
Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. Soc.

}Har-ryji. Wolﬂ. Pres.
L. F. Wilain. Treas. '

FROM ALL POINTS

SI-IEDDED MOOSE HORNS AFFORD HUNTER
— LIVING

A strange consignment arrived at Seattle, W.,
It was a shipment of
bone
novelty factory in Tacoma. The shipment_ repre~
«sented two months’ work of Mose Harris who
for years has trumped over the moose meadows
on henai peninsula gathering the old horns drop-
ped by the moose during the shedding process
in February. . .
Harris says the antlers. althou h of the hard-
est of boneanaterial. must he go ered from the

“damp forests soon after they are left by the
~ animals.

In less than a year they would return
to" dust. so rapidly is the decay in the wampy
country. Oncesafely in a dry factory the bone
is indestructible. From the broad smooth an-
tlers. combs, handles and ‘dice are cut. There 18
a growing market for the bone articles while
scrap bone is shipped to Grins and Japan.

‘SI-IINGLE NAILS PUNCTURE 2o AUTO
' a rmss

With the frequency of machine gun. fire the
tires on more than a score of automobiles blew

'out‘ recently while passing along Springﬁeld
‘Avenue, on the main highway from Newark. N.
' J. to Eastern

Pennsylvania. -
The police made an investitﬁtifm. and after
three official motorcycles had been compelled to

I I turn back because of punctures, a fourth found
'Antonio Mocio of 10 Aubrey Street, Newark,

driving .a truck loaded so loosely with old. nail-

. ﬁlled shingles that they kept falling out. The
 driver was told. to walk back the entire distance
-and pick uppall the litter-

Then he was served
with a’ summons on a charge of placing obstacles
nitha road and causing punctures.

ammo: rum sous!’-2 Bonus-‘

 

    

   

FAME AND FORTUNE‘ WEIEKLY. “ '

editor d b 1 ; P n
W., ::*.....::.*.:',°-.:..*r3“;'.*:.*°.'..::°..."..“.:::'-§§.§+
CV2

'company.h but also, in cases where

  

.‘dtes:ideIts.o£ say snore. =1.‘ were roused -at . ,, .0 ,,.¢;,,,.;,.,,.§;“‘.,,,,,,“ “§.‘.’§".,§;..‘§£°“1~
-' ._ 3' ' =toﬂndtlueir—8100.00° """'«.  * . . «W»
WM.“ “*2”  .....   ~ one .-.sir“s.s’é«»“=iaat. *‘f""" *   s

 
 

The siren adjoining the structure was sounded.
_loudly. the members of the volunteer department  _
responded, but as the fire ﬁghting apparatus was , 
all inside the blazing structure. they were help- 
CSS. ’
,_Appeals were accordingly sent to Babylon, 
Lmdenhurst. Amityville. Islip and East 1851)-
The ﬁre ﬁghters from all these places responded.’ 
The lower ﬂoor of the fire headquarters building '1 .
was destroyed, however, as were four of the
six motorized pieces of ﬁre ﬁghting apparatus -N
the village of Bay Shore had bought recently.
The two other pieces were so badly damaged that
they_will require much repairing before being
again ﬁt for service. , ‘

The ﬁre was discovered by a passing motorist.
It would have been- discovered sooner, an oﬂieial
of the,_village announced to—day. save for the
fact that it was raining heavily thei-'e and auto-
mobile traffic was light. The Bay Shore depart-
ment has some very well known persons as‘
members and these responded with the rest.
Though drenched by the -heavy rain they remain-
ed at their posts and helped conﬁne the 
to the lower ﬂoor. . ; .

The total damage to the building and equip-' 
ment was placed at about $100,000.

 

 
     
   
  
  
  

   
   

I

qui:3t‘i!it«l-’1ue-tilt] of‘ ttherogllershlpj management,
4. ' e c v . 2
--u.\u~: Xx» soltT‘hNa:°n\‘5i-:ii'e:'l(i’.rrf3";‘§ix‘l:iish§d) V
at New York, N. Y.. for October 1; 1924. State 0189'.
lligllﬁl Coxudrty at tI§eW8¥0‘l'k:--gefgte me. at hots‘ , ~

a or e aean ount aoresa 
sonally appeared Luis Seuarens. who, having - ‘
sworn according to law, de :1 say; t
the Editor or -‘runs as

a (1 belt 1, t ta 1:

nienc, ti»... "o:".‘i‘.’.‘.i‘.?i".§'.‘i‘.1°‘....‘ux°1.‘.’.':i3§’."i’.§l"u..."""""“ as.‘
shown in the above caption uired by the o1
August 24, 1912, embodied in sec on 443,.Postal‘£ws,
an Regulations. to wit: . ~— .‘

1. That the. names and addresses or the

N
. . I-2dltor——Luis Senarens, 166 W t 23d stress,
\'o\x_~k, N. 1'. Managing l-lditor—None.e'Bus1neag luggage
—-. one. ‘ ‘

2. That the owners are: Barr gain, 
. . r ‘E.

  
 
   
   
   
   

  

In<."., 166 West 23d Street, New pr

Wollf.-160 West 23d street, New York . Y.; 31.,
wow, 166 West 23:: Street. New York, N’ r.; J. . * .
backer. 168’West 23d Street, New York. N Y.; B. W.

Desbecker. 106 West 23d street, New York, x_.y ;.,c_ wﬁ
Hastings, 166 West 23d street. New York. N. Y.
& That the known bondholders, mortgazeesaud can
security holders owning or holding 1 per cent‘ as luau.
or total.amount or bonds. mortgages or other pecan
ties are: None. .

4. That the two paragraphsuiext above xivfu ah
names or the owners. stockholders and security
it aiuy, ‘captain not ‘olnly the list or stocuklholderkl and ‘lit;
curty om-rs as ey appear upon e oo 5 at
ld ped th b tilt“ 't“ich:h"“'p¢’n°'
oerap rsuneooso can
as trustee or in any otliei-‘ziuclary relation, the name‘
the person or corporation for whom such true 1..
in is given; also that the said two iporagra 
to n statements embracing ailiant’a rul knowledge adj.
belief as to the circumstances and conditions 
which stockholders and security holders who ch
appear nson the books of the company as trustees hold
stock an securities in a capacity other than that':;+£’
boua-ade owner; andthls ainant has no mason-40
lieve that any other person. association or - p .
has any interest. direct or indirect. in thew ’- - 4
bonds or other securities than as so stated by

security

     
  
 

 
     
  

  

     
 
    
   

    
  

 

   

   
 

 I

 

, 10 ABOVE FREEZING HELD HOT DAY IN
MARS

 

 A Jrhe temperature of the tropical regions of
' Mars at Martian noon is only about 10 degrees
above freezing.‘ observations made at Mount Wil-
.’ son in California during the recent approach of
f the planet toward the earth proved. The Car-
-“ - negie Institution also announces that. 11103“ tem‘
 peratures over the south polar cap is about 95
' degrees below zero. Fahrenheit. _
The average temperature of the tropical 1'9-
. zinn of Mars between sunrise and 9 o’clock is
~ 10 degrees above zero.

\'1,200 METAL BITS TAKEN FROM GIRL’S
. STOMACH _- _
Stove bolts, safety pins, crgiﬁxes, rosaries,
' 3, watch cha' s. coins, metal streetcar
tickets. brooches, ro ng nails, adhesive tape,
‘ ribbons, shoelaces, sewing machine bobbins—
are some of the articles removed from the
 'of a ﬁfteen-year-old Saginaw, Mich.. girl

'y surgeons. who declared that never before in
the history of surgery has such a variety and
quantity of foreign objects been found in the
digestic tract of any human _being. 1

The number of metal objects found’ in the
 girl's stomach and intestines was approximately
' 1,200. The mass weighed'3 pounds 14 ounces.
The girl is not expected to survive: Her iden-
tity, at the insistence of her family, is being
, kept secret. She first was found swallowing

foreign objects when two years old.

 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
     

 

HEAT AND FAT MEN

, Fat men stand the heat better than lean ones,
3 ' the Bureau of Mines has established through ex-
 periments in a’ specially constructed chamber at
' .Pittsburgh. V

e The fat men. the bureau found, lost more
‘ weight when subjected. to uncomfortably hot
- temperatures. but they were less exhausted when
" theyvwere relieved. In a state of rest and in
still ‘air, the experiments disclosed, the human
body cannot endureindeﬁnitely a temperature
higher than 90 degres Fahrenheit with 100 per

' oe$t‘.ﬂ’1-eelative humidity.
'_ ‘ rate. rather than rise in» bodily tem-
' perature, it was discovered. apparently deter-
Inines the extent of discomfort in high tem-
_ Subjectsbecame very uncomfortable
when the pulse reached 135 pulsations a minute,
and unbearable symptoms appeared at 160. The
highest pulse rate recorded was 184.
The American Society of Heating and Ventila-
gfting Engineers co-operated in the experiments.
’ which were designed to afford ‘a stgly of con-
ditions as they might affect miners.

 

.1111 ,i ~ ‘fa

guard the ii. s.

   

..”nm.ics or ANCIENT-RACE ~IS FOUND ON‘
; » LONELY _isLAi~iD _
skeleton remains discovered on the Island of
 :|bo_nt 260 miles northwest of Honolulu,
; recent cxvlorinir expedition’

 AND FORTUNE "WEEKLY 27
BRIEF BUT POINTED _

indicate that this island was once inhabited by
a race of people bearing close resemblance to
the ancient Hawaiians. Necker Island 150 miles
farther on, showed traces of ancient visitors. but
nothing to indicate actual habitation. On Nihoa
there were many evidences of human habitation
———acres of garden terraces, house-sites with im-
plements scattered about, and an infant burial
place. '

Many of the house-sites were excavated.
Among the relics discovered were ancient bone
needles. which may have been used for tattooing
or for sewing, and one rare fishhook, made of
human bone. which is'similar to hooks used by
the ' ancient Hawaiians. Many grindstones.
smooth on both sides and showing much wear.
were unearthed, also stone adzes, polished and
sharpened. The party spent four and one-half
days on Nihoa, sleeping in caves about the island

 

without damaging the birds. of which there are ,

hundreds of thousands.

Loon, BOYS!

1 IlAl’I:ZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
/ ACTlONS!.

_ It consists of a handsome parailel
iron frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an ath-

lete.

Five Diﬁerent Stunts-—

THE_ FLYING TRAPEZE —— Release the
‘F1886?-P1}! {ind the tigure swings for-
ward. gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LO0P—A swift swing

and he goes_throi_zgh_a wire loop, make,-
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.

Tl-li-..'_ GIANT SWll\G—He goes forward
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes:
two swift somersaults in the air and
catches byhis heels again.

He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cii--
cus star, and many new ones can be in.
vented.

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World! '
P Ru c 1-: s 1 . o o. .
The collapsible stand d the little mani-
kin are neatly acked in a handsome box,

Delivered anyw ere in the United States on .

a receipt of price. Address -
W0 F NOVELTY C0.
166 W. St. New York_City, N, Y, :-

S. Tanager.

 

  
  
 
      
 

    
  
    
     
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
    
 
   
   
  

 

I

o - v
1 , y 4

L23 I“ ‘h . FAME'.Ai_vp FOItTUNE WEEKLY‘
ITEMS OF INTEREST

 

A SLIDING CAT to. an alarming extent. and. fortiﬁed by numbers} V

A -cat that slides down the brass pole in a they have grown bolder. .;='_
ﬁre station when an alarm rings and delights Instead of contenting themselves with an 4313- ,.r
‘ '— 1!] accompanying the ﬁremen to a blaze has been casional stray sheep or horse left out'to graze ’*-»

discovered in a station in lower Manhattan. The on the uplands, the Abruzzi wolves now hunt.’ in’,

nremen adopted the cat as a mascot while it regular packs and are frequently seen on the‘

was a kitten. . outskirts of towns and villages. where they.at’-5
A RIVER OF INK tack stables and sheep ﬁelds, with dire results. ‘

_ L I . - , Not far.froin Sulmona a wolf _was found on
- cugirozlteyelisf ’§a?§re—a“h°mr$fe’r‘°3: i‘§i‘r'.° ‘iihsirzfftei the l3'.‘d“‘9-' of. 9 house- and a'vil1aze near by»

is ‘black. yet the streams which feed it are Der- gfnsteiuzhtly msned by w°lV°s an th’°“‘" 13”
2 " l.°a°3~iy r°§5§'aiea¢1t’§§°‘§§iis‘Znal’l§rii 33‘? €1f;‘“;“t;‘:§‘,2.’; Hum" Victims are be.°°min2 far fwm “mm-’
 ' is atronzlv impregnated with iron from the soil “7°"' A s°1d‘°" ’°t“"‘""‘ h°“‘e °“ 1°35?” '“"“* 
through which it ﬂows. Another carries "tannin klued and eaten by ‘Elves at “ 511°” d1stan°°:«
from a peat swamp. It is the chemical combina- fmm the railway statm“ at -Palena' and “=f°w1
tion of the iron. tannin and oxyzen of the air "‘°"““‘ .“?° ‘$596 W°m°" were attacked.“ Wolves
that turns the water black. This chemical re- ﬁat :m§°::?ki1f§g'_d' Tw° m‘d° them 
:l:it.ils'snoff°iiri1l<‘: l::n1:lt:wi1iaas1sSir‘fn-gzell lgilxsst. lmportgnt _ A fortnight ago the inhabitants of S. Vito; g,
. Benign inks was ﬁat made in the twelfth little hamlet on the lower slopes of Vesuvius. rt

century. but it was not until the,_ﬁ.t'teenth that §°;;g,;°';;§ﬁ:;*é,,3;}cégiggigglttggggn gaiietoog _

7 . . . space in ron o t e church. The women and;

 . iDn8€:kf;r¢;§.lth8t]L8e!i‘d1a?er1§t&e4!15’b00l({i :iiem:;1i1g:1;5i:t1:sv §hii}l((iil_’en were hastily _thrust_ back into gr  _
clear, black and legible assure‘ the date it was £21. tag ,?,'{§1.ali§r$i?i?etih§i} :3}: 2:31  A

written. - -
The most important factor in the making of m sh°°tm‘z the leader’

. . . . - . The war—to which one inevitably returns ‘as
, 1 s w h - - - .

t 3;‘: flggrlsshfaghsllm Ihﬁégffafgic §nd°feve,{‘“i’n the iinmediate cause of_ any phenom_enon——i-may-~
= ; (some oak and wiuow trées in America_, Apecunar be fairly held responsible for the increase of
’kind of insect, similar to our horseﬂy.-‘ bores into w°l"s' fmm “'9 mere “ct. "mt f°‘ f°“' 
the Ema“ twigs of oak trees and lays. its 928% all the _able bodied peasants capable of hiuitmx
’ A little lump is the result. The egg shows with ‘"14 ““’m“‘“ "9" “.558”? f.’°'“"h°1? *‘°'“*?‘- '1'“
.. the an and is soon converted into 8 larva‘ new game law. which limits shooting from 
“Eventually the larva becomes 6; ﬂy and escapes nllddle °f- Au“-"st t° the end °f D°"'°mb°‘*vi"
by eating its way out. The best nuts for ink- V-lewed Wm-"dismay by th°s° wh° h°V°»l“'“".
A » making are those that are nidred when fully ripe "cal ?"l’°"°“°? °f. the "V3895 0f fﬁlnuhed’ '
4' but just before the escape of the insect as these wolves’ and Wm plobably have t° b° 'ltt“°d“"$”‘
contain the largest amount of tannin ' Formerly wolves might be shot at any reason,

 A‘ the Mme implies immgan inks are based and a prize was given for eachecarcass brought
-on‘; liquid in which in iron salt is combined ml ﬁve due-‘ts 'f°r °‘- male’ 3'3 f°' ”‘ f°"3‘-h"
-.with tannin extracted from nu nuts. The iron 9“ *“’.“‘"‘ "°“S‘““ F°°°“““°d. ‘°' ‘“‘Y'.'°"“
“salt is copperas and comes in the form of green wdv” m ﬁfteen years‘ - ~ .— 4 7 ‘-’l i‘.
,« crystals. These are secured in the United States. If waves are t° be kept m °h°°k' Pb  :
«While there are other ingredients added, these “her hm-‘d’ the Gwemmem is °n°°"-“?"”‘ Fa”
.~ two are «the most important in. the makeup of this pr°pagan°“ °f bears‘ ' The few "°m‘““""' m

 

it came into common use. The writer has seen a

 

*2 K

  
  
   
 
  
 
      
  

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
 

   
       
       
           
      

  

< t of mk V mens of the Ursus arctos. inarsicanus ’_are“
- it ygshis liqiid is practically co orless until acted mid?’ ’s eqlal pr°tecn°n- m the beautiful Pgfw’
linen by the.oxyizen in the 2:; that is. a pen I}%a“°n mNch1° Abm"-1‘ ‘b°“t h“1fwa.y be“-'99“
., dipped into such a ﬂuid would make no visible - °‘‘‘*‘- W‘ 3 °5- “"5 '°s°"°- "*“'~"* °°'°"

‘ » mark on the paner. Most people, however. like to Eyillgflgocgﬂgﬁgg  ‘g‘a;n£i%::1itn°§;:§‘i:1n5‘

see"what- they are writing as they write. and_ so -
”a.b1ue_ anilhie coloi $l3 added. After the ink §',fg°2a:,’j§_ 33°“ s"°"°‘ ”° "“”‘°’°“‘ 

is exposed to- the air .the iron-gall compound
 develops an intensely blacloand permanent color,
-ciitirelv supetsedinz the original blue. which. ulti-
indtely fades away. This change in color is what

u'ses_it.to be referred to commonly as blue-

 
      
         
      

  

      
 
  

The bears are .not numerous, and .they : — «
allow themselves to be seen. Between twenty
and thirty. are believed to be leading a seclﬁdﬂl
existence in the more remote distri algae
long ago a German scientist asked to be ’

.. _  ,  to take up a temporary abode" in the, *
DEAN EA1‘ING:WOLVES ROAM ITALY _ for the’ rare chance of studying the h 1»:
ianavoa‘a_:o.o£;;iw W «in Italy._e_specially_ in .wild bears and of‘ photographaigs tiara
provinces, is hecominz D .  His reqiiest,,was.g ~

 l ‘ flfhcrc, w, b there, but has, so’ lat. f

«‘l

 
   
 
  
  
 

       
      

   
   

   
 

 g gintﬁlgvhem will you be in ten years from now? Have you the specializ

Electricity Needs You
i win. TRAIN YOU AT HOME

Stop right here. This is YOUR opportunity! Electricity is calling you, and the Electrical
Business is in for a. tremendous increase. But_it needs more trained men—at big pay. By
my Home Study Course in Practical Electricity I can train you for these positions.

Earn $70.10 $200 a Week

You've always had a liking for Electricity and a hankering to do electrical jobs.
Now is the time to develo that talent; there's big money in it. Even if you
don't know anything at a about Electricity you can quickly gras it by my
up-to—date, practical method of teaching. You will ﬁnd it intensely interest-
’ and hi lily proﬁtable. I've trained and started hundreds of men in the
%ctrical usiness, men who have made big successes. YOU CAN ALSO

Be a Big Paid
ELECTRICAL EXPERT

What are you doing to prepare yourself for areal success? At the rate ou cre
train-

t will put you on the road to success? Have you ambition enough to

pare for success, and get it? _ _
on have the ambition and I will give you the tl'8l_I11!Ig, so get busy. I am
oﬂering you success-and all thetgoes with it. Will you take it? I'll make
an ELECTRICAL EXPERT. I will train you as you should be trained.

will
nndh

've you the beneﬁt of in advice and 20 ears of engineering experience
egllp you in every way to the biggest, possi le success.
My book,

Valuable Book Free “How to

Become an Electrical Expert,” ha. started man a

man on the way to fortune. I will sen a.
copy, free and prepaid, to every person answer-
ing this advertisement.

9 Good intentions n . :3.
Act Now’ ' get you anyw lieervel.
It is action, alone, that counts. NOW IS
THE TIME 10 ACT.

    
  
  
  
   
   
  

CHIEF ENGINEER
COOKIE
Chicago En insuring
Wor
Dept. '01 Z154LnwrenceA'v.
CHICAGO, ILL.

Dear Sir: You may send _me
Qtirel free and fully m . a _
oq) '0 yourbook. “Howto o_me
In Electrical Expert." and articu-
hre about your Homostu y Course

b Electricity. L. La COOKE. Chief 

' . CHICAGO
'IBD.. ........ ...-....u.a.n-r...i.-uuunu... 
lotus ... ....  .............  .........  e WORKS

‘ 2154 LAWRENCE AVENUE
1 ...... ........... .......... .. stain  ..... .. \Dept- W’ Chi=I¢°- U- 5-5-

FREE!

BIG
ELECTRICAL
OUTFIT

A line outﬁt of Electrical
Tools, Instrumenb, Materi-
als. etc.. absolutely FREE to
ever3£‘;{tIi§t‘_i-“ent.dIfwil§lynlao send
you i an n prepaid
—Pi-ool’ Lamina to show you
how easily you can learn
Electricity and enter this
splendid profession _by my
new. revised and lIIi_II oys-
uin of Training by

RADIO
C O U R SE
FREE

Speﬁl new:-wricun wu!-Era
caurue worth $l.’i.m given away
l~JLl-IE. I-‘nu nu-dculnn Inn
y u innllo. or.

Earn Money
While Learning

1 give you something you can
use now. Early in my Home
Study Count I show you
how to begin making money
in Electricity. and help you
get started. No need to wait
until the whole course is com.
ﬁleted. Hundreds of students
ave made several times the
cost of their course in spare
time work while learning.

   

  

. ‘r-aw; .-_ V

   
 
 

Boys and Girls
EARN XMAS MONEY

Write for 50 Sets st. Nicholas Chrletmal
seen. sen for we a set. When sold send
us $3.00 and keep 82.00. No Work-—Juet Fun.

3'1‘. NICHOLAS _
‘:81-ltllenwoodlld. Dept. 148 Brooklyn.N. )-

CTMSPIZIO
9 14 6
18 4'3 1

O

   

rhea a Geek a ‘
Get your more of th;:‘E¢SY-'l'0‘dW.r ‘
am going to e-ive‘g:enonII'Ihe. Bicycles. |
Go dwuchue Silverware ete.. Cosh
pm.“ plum nucleic. sooo Forrlvohnond lull‘

Bunnie. u ‘ y _
E.‘.‘.‘.‘.”iu’.' "' ”"s"s‘# £"‘é."" "°“  2"‘l='.'.:é‘:’.‘.‘§'

 
 
            

    

 

Get Behind a Holmes-‘i

for Happiness!

There’s nothing like good music for
happiness; and there's noth g like a
Hohner for good music. Any oy or girl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free Hohner Instruc-
tion Book, procurable at allgood dealers.
And all good dealers sell Hohner’e
Harmonicas-

The woruvs Best

“The: Musical Pal of Mine" is a
{avorite expression among Hohner en-
thusiasts everywhere. Hohner enthusi-
asm is sweeping the country. Why
don't you get in line for popularity and
enjoyment?

Go to your dealer today, get I
I-Iohner Hertnonica—50¢ up—end ask
for the Free Instruction Book. If your

. dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner.
|nc., Dept. is}, New York City.

OHNER

 

Sheik. the world'e
famous lover
hero

3 Ahmad rufyund emaild. Ill? IO

rnune_uadeddrue.eleoeetn otreper for
size. whether lady‘: or u_ventlemen'I. en t Ifflvey,
elm '2 Sl.'Ii_w1th mailman. Ordr today. Deposit
ly returned if not eetleﬁod attic Eden.

'§'iE'n'i IIMEII, lleed Ielelly lids. Dept. 11 chime
I CARIRIDGE PISTOL
 . 6000 me

.4’

  

33"“ . V
01$? ICW -/, I ‘—
Q JGXICIIOOO. Dental’) hﬁslﬂe.
‘ " ’,-GldF'l|dM Ki
 c.:.,..:.:. .;'..°::::. +‘§FREE
inuviuce our Sweet Smelling Sa-

t-hel l’owder,te will send this ring.
j one use. bond Engraved with wr three

imam. (or uuins only Inga:-kel:et10c.

UNION NO ILTV C MPANY,
Born. 0/: _
Genuine

.r  ;<AWTuCKE‘|'.R.|
  Leather
9

 
  
 
  

' Rernlntlon aire,Ger-ulna Soul unth-
» » er cnvar l-‘out lwnth Illlm cured

.; rubber Bladder l-‘roe lot ulli
Perketn Pnrfurnod Sacha! _
eech.EIII to all. Write today. Sunu
no Money. Get your Football with-

out con.
ﬂlis HFG. 00. Dept. 671. ATTLEBORO. MASS.

TIIBABGII

Habit Cured or No Pay

f ' ' ' . I euﬂf
a..u“’ °§¢".".'§i'.'i‘i‘l'£‘i2.'.'.““'c...".§’t2.§ .32'.‘?.§2’.Ie...e
nnteiel. Cosh ll .00 if it cures. Nothint if it fails»

SUPERBA C0. M-21, Baltimore, Md.‘

Prupnrgg

J
V %GnIe0ﬁHyﬂeeIeleIP|n
A‘:-'neEen ﬂueen&uuu IwL
Eczema. hnedPereeend Olborsblny Skin.

Wlih for my VIII IOOILIT
muse: -- c-.-- s--.--— -ms
and efhdbdnclllictnd ﬂue.

LGIIVDISII Xi X». Innate ¢Ib,I0.

O onn loll! WAITID I

83 0012500 EACH tor hundred: or out
come. eep ALL 0 d or odd money. it an
be VER! vnuable. Bend 10 etc. for lLI.UI-
TRATED COIN VALUE BOOK. axe Gel

   

 

RMONICAS

   

 

Posted. We pay CASE.
CLARK: COIN 00., Ave 1:. Leloy. I. I.

 

    
 
 

BLAMED
FOR MOST

J MATCHES
l FIRES

I Fire losses in
5the United States
are high as com-
pared with those
in most European
countries. The
: great number of

 

u g. {wooden buildings
“ H ; in this land helps

[to swell the to-

. ital.

Matches used
ibv smokers head
the list of causes.
Spontaneous com-
ibustion »r a n k s
second and de-
-tfective ﬂues and
jchimnevs
ﬁthivd. Fires from
i stoves, boilers
and pipes do
‘about half as
: much harm as the
gcarelessly drop-
fped match or ci-
;garette. Electric-

: ity is listed as
_ﬁ f t h a m o n g‘
causes.

‘ Lightning is
‘sixth. Almost as
I dangerous are
‘lspzlrks that fall
yon roofs. Pe-
' troleum lamps
ian cl carelessly
‘handled gasoline
[were once a pro-
iliﬁc source of
_fire alarms, but
iﬁres due to these
CRLISCS are HOW
‘c o m p a r atively
‘few. Hot ashes
give the ﬁremen
many a run.

The entire, loss
from incendiary
ﬁres is scarcely
o n e -t e n t h a s
great as that
t r a c e a b l e to
matches. Other
ﬁre causes ,that
stand high in of-
ficial statistics
are illuminating
gas, hot grease,
tar, wax and as-
phalt, and the in-
cineration of rub-'
bish. Fireworks
are supposed to
cause immense
ﬁre losses, but,
they are only
twentieth on the
list. ’

are’

 

  
 

irXo:',,

it

‘‘There’s one man we’re going to keep”

’ D WILSON, there, is one of the
 most ambitious men in the plant.

 I. notice that he never fools away his
 time. He studies his International
,Corx'espon_dence Schools course every
«chance he gets.

,, “‘It—’s been-the making of him, too. He
;hasn’t been here nearly so long as Tom
Downey, who was laid oif yesterday,
but he knows ten times as‘much about
'  business.

._ ¢‘I’m going to give him Tom's job,
§ ., araise in salary. He’s the kind of

 we want. around here.”

EEHOW do you stand in your shop‘ or
5‘ _.g“ oﬂice? Are you an Ed Wilsonor a
:1‘9m,Downey'! "Are you ‘going up? Or
E‘ ‘dawn? .
A -‘No matter where you live, the Inter-
, jliational Correspondence Schools will
 to you. No matter what your

 ‘caps or how small your means, we
‘NYE a plan to meet your circumstances.
Nqdnatter how limited your previous

 
 
    
  
  
  
 

‘,2

 

   
 
 

 

fully-‘illustrated I. C. S. textbooks make
it easy to learn.

This is all we ask: Without cost.
without obligating yourself in any way.
put it up to us to prove how we can
help you. Just mark and mail this

coupon for full particulars.
P _ Z _ _ Z ? Z Z j __ 1 L ._, ... 1 _ \ 1

INTERNATIONAL col-mas!-ouozucs SCHOOLS
nu 4405-0. Scranton. Puma.
Without tost. or obligation. ralean tell me how I can quit! tar
tha position or in the aubiect belou which I have marked an :

BUSINESC TRAININI OOURSB

" Bnalmu Ilanaaarncnt ﬁleaxnanahiv
t Industrial Management Advertiinz

PI-rannnel ornniaadn [3 Better [Mun

Tram: Mamlzemcnt Show (‘uni Lettering
:'l_3u|inua Law sionotrlnhy and T79!!!

and Banking Law Bllliﬂfll EDI“!!!

' c p 5,) (‘Mi Service
Railway Mail Clark
Common School Subnel-I

A

.. .\'1r~imlwn (‘uni -Accuuminia I
loeplnx

Private Secretary High School Subiocu

“" "“" E] French lliuairalin: DC-I‘
TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

Electrical III [nearing Arrhim-I

Elactria LI inc Architects‘ Blua Prinu

Mechanical Enzinur

Contractor mi Bull ici-
ethanieai Draftsman I ‘

Ardnmsunl Druiuman
(‘onerous Builder

achinc Shoo Practice

Railroad Poaiuaua Stroﬁural En mot

Gal lnaine rating ‘hemillry Pharuan

Civil Enrlnur Amomohile Work

Sm-nyina and Elwin: Airplane I-znzinu

Otalluru Navigation ‘

Stun linciaauiac Azrieuitun and Poultry ,

ladle luhcnalla
Nanm.
155?“ 8-6'20
Cit:   It-h _
Oooumt

Paramu    ‘g}'.”(;. I] H "m
Nomi correspond:-an Schools _0ona-1:4».  us‘. 

 

  

1—— nnirns-r Isstms ——
954 A ﬁre Winner: or. The ﬁoy Who Went Out With in
rear.

For sale by all newsdsolrrs. or will be sent to any ul-
drns on receipt or price. 11-. per copy. in nosey or pos-
tage stamps. '

THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

EI55 Golden Fleece;.or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
-.156 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. The Boy Treasure ﬂunters
of Cocos Island.
Adlgift On the World; or. Working His Way to For-
une.
Playing to Win: or. The I-‘oxicst Boy in Wall Street
Tatters; oi}. a Boy From the Slums.
A Young Monte Cristoltor. The Richest Boy in the
World. . .
Won by Plurk; or. 'l‘he.Bo.v Who Ran :1 Railroad.
" Beating the Brokers: or. The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done. '
A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
X:-‘velrksay, Die: or. The Young Surveyor of Happy
‘a y. «
Bgslsegt the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
1 . — ' ‘
The (‘bani-e of His Life; or, The Young Pilot 0!
(‘rytai Lake. ' '
striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-

aire. _
Out for Business: or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
Aslfazgtrite of Fortune; or. Striking It Rich in Wall
tr .
Through Thick and Thin; or. The Ad
" Smart Bo . . v ,
Doing Bis Irate) Best: or. Working His Way Uﬁ
Always on Deck; or, The Boy Who Made - is

Mark. .

A Mint of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
Broker. . l

The Ladder of Fame: or. From Otllce Boy to

Senato .
on the £iunre: or. The Sm-i-ess of an Flonest Boy.
After a Fortune: or. The Pin!-kiest Boy in the West.
Winning the dollars: or .’1‘he Young Wonder of

Wall street.
Making His Mark: 01', The Boy Who 390111110

P Jd C. .
liellr.-ﬂing: Million: or. The ﬁoy» Who Was Born

Lucky.
Lost. in the Andes: or. The Treasures of the Buried

On Eyis Ilettie: or. A Piurky Boy in Wall Street.

A Lucky Chsnce: or. Taking Fortune on the Wing.

The  Success; at. The Career oi‘ a For-
uns .

Chasinge Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

Street. .
Rlalng in the World: or, From Factory Boy to
. anairer.
From Dark to Dawn: or. A Poor Boy's Chance.
Out for Himself: or. Paving His Way to Fortune.
Diamond Cut Diamond: or. The Boy ‘Brokers of
Wall Street.
A Start in Life: or. A Bright Boy’s Ambition
Org fol; a .\iillion; or, The ,Young Midas or Wall
tree . -

‘Everv inch in Boy: of. Doing ills Level Best.
Money to Burn: or, The Shrewdest Boy in Wall

Street. r .
A1 Eye to Business; or. The Boy Who Was Not

sleep.
Tinned by the Ticker; or, An Ambitious Boy in
Wall Street. - i

a - HAIRY K. WOLFE. Publisher. Ina,‘
‘ Isl West 284! street '

957
2:58
2:59
960

9-61
2962

963
5264

‘-16.3
. ‘J66
new

968
2 69

‘.070

‘J71
2972
‘J73
Me
975
9970!
‘.917
1:78

ventures of I

was
«as
am
9%

1,”
ion

 
    

 
 

1}   . how’ To
5.°E.”‘““"s WRITE THEM
. Price to cum Per 0,0» '

mils book contains all the most recenveusnges

v . i h lsi . of
in the metéigly of eoaétiragtisﬂsédﬂlg IDIMGI: of
3 For e

   

. by all New one and
it youxcﬂlnot procure I cow. so d as
A» ~... .§li’"..2.in°“y‘.‘ii. ‘.§‘.:’°.s'.‘i«f-’.’°"r»-.-‘.‘°Aaa“‘”'r.'3€: ‘“"'
1..  no sauna. Av... new work. It. 1.

. r

  
 

 

New York City .

 166 West 23d Street

 

oua Tl-ZN-CENT HAND" nooks
Useful, Iiistructive, and Amusing. They contain

Valuable Information on Alost
Every Subject.

.

(

No. 1. NAPOLEON! OBACULVM AND DIIAI
BOOK.-—Containing the great oracle ot human destiny; -
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams: 5;;

  

étazggther with charms. ceremonies, and curious “mg. 9

s.

‘ .No. 2. now To no 'l‘Bl(.‘Ks.—T1ie~gl-eat book of
magic and card tricks.-containing full instruction on all-
the leading card tricks of the day. also the mast popuhf
magical illusions as performed by our leading mug!-
CIMIS: every boy shou d obtain a copy of this hook.

V0. 8. HOW 1'0 l"LlR'l'.'—'I'he arts and wiles of M111-
lion are fullv explained by this little book. Besides the
various methods or handkerchief. fan. glove. psi-nsol.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of an
language and’ sentiment of flowers.

No. 5. HOW TO MAKE LOVE.-—A complete guide to
love, courtship and marriage. giving sensible’ ndﬂcg. .
rules and etiquette to be observed. with mnnv curious. ,
and interesting thingu notvgem-rally known. ’

 

N0. 7. HOW 1'0 ‘KEEP BIRDS.— .
trsted and containing full instructlonyggiqTl::P'ya:i¥::-
meat and training of the canary. mo:-kinghird, link. "A

blnckblrd. paroquet, pan-ot_ pic,
130.11.‘ Hé)iW who BECOME A Si

nu us ru ve ok. i .
chemistry: also e"xperlx€¢e'n!i'aeg i.x‘i.(a?-'iIi)ifs,:itces ‘$3:-§':n£:
mathematics. chemistry. an directions for Xnakin ﬁn.
Lvgitrkbsé :gl‘;'iar‘i:'(.!‘iires.\ and is balloons. This lmo nu.
BN0?! 9. l'g<0W 3'0 QESCOME

Y M'l'.v enne y._ i t lli ,

la);)n0"ku:tf ‘i)lgs;‘l]'l‘lICifl(:)ni‘lMCllne!llflly88jl:l‘Pe I‘il€*e’i‘ltl'C‘,)0il§l(‘lrP:l('!ei8n$: 
estqhook ever lIulrllsh':¢l‘f In friends’ It 1' the nut"
0. 10. HOW TO BOX.—-'I'h'_ t 1'. , . 6
easy. Containing over thirty’ ial,l'us‘trii‘t'il¢irn(s!ef:{M;»‘u':,.'d'h. * V
blows and the different positions of a good 1.03.3,‘  "
Every hog should obtain one of these useful and in:
gL1];'u:ihi::en.;ti<‘>1kc:aras it will teach you how to box wit!» I’
o. . ow To wnrrn L0\'B—I. .. gm‘ .'

icoiupletellitttle book. containing tun tl‘icr.:¢.'rtlE¢ili::!c-: um.
ng ove- ers. and win t th ' ,,
letters f0l('!‘.V0lil|E and gird. 0 me em’ ‘hing 'p°d‘°' ‘ —<’
No. 18. How To no PI‘; on. Boo .’
QUl:'l"rE.—lt is it great life secret, and of: gs; 31''

young man desires to know all about. There’: mpﬁ.
oAun:x.;'-_ ‘

ness in it.
' N . 10. HOW TO REE
Containing full instructions :3: 'c?i:3gi:'t'ing a wlndg'* "
garden either in town or country. and (I); mo" .pp,,,,,¢»
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers ll homo
most complete book or the kind ever published, '
No. 1-». now an imuss.—conmining mu lnstruﬁi '

<:N'l'I8'l'.-—A ‘useful

 

A vr:.v-rninooms-r.... _ ‘.-

 

 
  

 

   
    
   
   
      
   
    
   
 
   
   
   
   

nnd abroad. livinu the selections of colors. mate:-ht,
brightest and most valuable littlef books ever giveawa-
and almost costle . _ ’
PAR’l'Y.—A complete com ndlmu of games.

for the money than any book published

Jr. Explaining how the secret dis

tion in the art of dressing and appearing Well at 1.0..
and how to have them made up. .
No. is. now To nncoiss: BEAD1‘IFUL._oM ,¢ .3,
the world. Ev. h d i h
' beautiful. bothﬂigalg :11: ;e;lull:.o- ¥!Plfews:cor‘:t  slnip
No. no. How ‘o ENTERTAIN rAN evnrtxria A
card diversions.. comic reel stions. etc.,
lor or d_rawini.r-room entertainment.
No. 22.
and sight exnialned by his former sssistnnt_ Find 3
On between th miiiriclnn and th. i) th, - ‘
giving all the den and all nalg. °’ °" ' ""5 "9‘o~...

   

No. :3. now To nxr IN nnn.uts.—'ri:ia little A
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dlellll, Om"
gptherwith lucky and unlucky days.“ » ~

No. II. now To TELL Fo1I'l‘UNll.—l!very one u‘
desirous of knowing what his future life will brlnglortt,
whether happiness or misery. wealth or poverty. Ion -
can tell hy a glance at this little book. Buy one Old ﬁg}
convinced. I», v 1 —-’

For sale by all newsdeaiers. or will as sent to II!“
address on receipt of price. 10¢. per copy, ,~ 
. in money or ‘stumps. by

BARRY E. ‘vvoi.rI«*.p Publisher. lac.  .
‘ N" Y*i!.l=.@!¥

  
    
  
    
    

 

 
  
     
   

  

    