No. 1145

NEW YORK SEPTEMBER 9. 1927 Price 3 Cents

      
    

    

§‘FﬁEE§ llw mm mm

 ADRIFTIN THE  ~
nn]‘HETREAsuRE nr LDNE RE “

j’_z/7752‘Z/‘-//%7ﬂ[/1%7/t/. §,- V
AND 072132 SIURIES I

   

 

‘ " ‘ ~ . - -/1 '
\ ,_ ‘4‘:r.>%r mm 4:’ §‘§;\\ Q3:  V“; J, '
The two boys halted. It was evident that both of the cutaway sailors would injure them 1!
they sdvnnced. “Get oil‘ of Lone Reef!" yelled the man with the upraleed club.

"Thorn-ensure is ours; you'll get no part of it!"

 

   
 

‘issued. week1{_—subspription pme.
' Westbgry sublishing Co..
, 80. ,

 in.om...want

$4.00 per year Canadian, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00. Copyright, 192?, by, s i V
Inc.. 140 Cedar Street, New York. N. Y. Matter —
1911, at the'1’ost~Uﬂice at New Xork, N. Y., under the Act of March. 3. 1819

     

Entered as Second Class

 

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 9, 1927

Price 8 Cents. 4,

    

v

CHAPTER I.——Disinherited.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 

l '  believe everybody is here,” said Lawyer
‘ﬁphraim Croker‘, in thin, rasping tones, gazing
irpund the plain little parlor, with its old-fash-
§,m'ed*.liorsel1air—stuﬁ'ed furniture, faded and well-
’3.i£orn_.carpet, what-nots ﬁlled with geegaws, and
~ the walls ornamented with. cheaply—fr_amed pic-
, _ s.-—-mostly family portraits, “so I will proceed
' re3.d.. thle laéstt bvgill and.tetsta1’n’z1ent of the late
.erus_ a e ins, spins er.

he legal gentleman dipped one hand into a.

which he was seated in the center of the room,
afiglktook out'an oblong legal document. Before
were grouped Jack Gale, the nephew of the
 Sed‘; Tom White, the gardener; Molly, the
,ol,(';«i/Sally, the housemaid, and,,Jimmy Jones,
,_ _‘_ose.-position in the household was somewhat

. indeﬁnite, though he was recognized as a sort of
‘ﬁ";1),,‘; inf" all work... Every one except Jack, who was
’ 3,’ _'ght, good-looking lad of eighteen years, with
«~43; —_k and open countenance, looked with awe at

' , gfoided paper, which rustled and cracked from
‘ ass as the lawyer unfolded it with great de-
,- tion. Mr. Croker, who was a distant rela-
“Qf"‘the testatrix, seemed in no rush to disclose
_.c‘ontents of the will. He removed his spec-
‘ and.Wip_ed them slowly and carefully with
‘ dkercluef, while he looked around on the
s assembled. — '

 
   

  

.._\

      
   

  

  
    
  

  
  

stature, and dressed in a seedy suit of
. Immediately after the death of Miss Steb-
,  appeared at the house and took charge of
éfything. He made such niggardly arrange-
fents with the undertaker that Jack Gale, who
"’ ‘been very fond of his aunt, resented his meth-
' and was backed up by the servants, who,
mflong service, had grown attached to their
ﬁmistress. The lawyer defended his actions by
ting that it was the deceased’s wish that her
' ‘albe as plain as possible, and, as executor
' will, he felt bound to carry out her desire to
’ er. 'At any rate, he carried his point, much
exdi satisfaction of the household. Mr. Cro-
rte olishing his glasses, blew his nose with
iiipétliike sound, readjusted his spectacles,
 up the aper agzam. ‘

in

   
 
  
   

  

       

 
 
  

   

‘r ed

    
 
 

    

to read the usual r preamble

 

efwas a‘ middle-aged, crabbed-looking man,

:helsa1d,ewith another glance around,’
oozed

all: grip that stood on the marble-topped table '

\

 ADRIFT IN THE   sr.-:A

By A SELF-MADE MAN.

 

. house, ten dollars in gold coin.”

, Ephraim Croker " .

1"

   

. said Mr. Crocker

 
  

with which all wills drawn b a lawyer commence.  
After that he continued as ollows; j . ’ ._
“Firstly, I give and bequeath to Mary Browne’? ‘
“That’s me,” ejaculated the cook expectantly.
“Don’t interrupt me, please,” said the lawyer 
a severe tone. “I give and bequeath to Mary
Brown, my cook, who has served me faithfully
for twenty years ” ' 
“And nine months,” interjected Mary eagerly. _ '
“The sum of one hundred dollars in gold coin,” '
said the lawyer. _ * 
Molly looked disappointed at the smallness of‘
the legacy, as_ she had been led to expect a much
larger one, and the others appeared surprised,»
especially Jack, who remembered his aunthad told
him she intended to ‘leave the cook ﬁve hundred?
dollars.’’’ ' s '
“Did you say one hundred dollars, Mr. Croker 2"
he ventured to ask. ’ i
f‘I said one hundred dollars,?,’
frowning upon him. .
' “Are you sure there isn't some mistake?” per-
sisted the boy. “My aunt told me———” '
“No mistake whatever. Please don't interrupt,"
sharply. “Secondly, to Sarah
1e__:n -' K ’

Po ..

, Jlzhe housemaid uttered a slight giggle.

» “The sum of ﬁfty dollars in gold coin.” j
“Oh!” cried the disappointed girl. ’,
“Thirdly, to- my gardener, Thomas White, the:

sum of twenty-ﬁve dollars in gold coin,“ went

the lawyer. . /

_ The man accepted the announcement quite 

my boy about 

  

 
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
    
      
          
    
      
   
 
   
 

replied the lawyer;

    
   
 
    
   
       
   
 
        
      

y.
“Fourthly, to James Jones,

Jimmy grinned, for even ten dollars looked con---
siderable to him. . l  A,
’ “Fifth and lastly I give and bequeath to myhe-’
loved second cousin—-—” ‘ p ,2’
.“Who is that?” cried Sally impulsively.
“Will you be quiet, young woman?” ‘cried

Croker tartly. ‘

“My beloved second 

 

, An astonished exclamation from the cook and
the housemaid once more interrupted the lawyer
t0‘,"My house and the grounds ,appertai_ning therea

looked“ at a Jack, who?

  
   
  

:5

A iillhelfour servants
stared at the la’ ‘

    
 
 

   

  will,” asserted Molly.
 thought the world of you.

 ‘.‘You"re goin’ to get somethin’ after all.
I it’s the money.”

 almost a son to me

I 1 ‘  ADRIFT .. in 'raE;.;sEA,. -  5

" “All my~hoiisehold furniture————’f_

“‘All the furniture?” cried Molly. e ’
“Pictures, books, ornaments, plate.>.?’

_ “What? _ The pl_ate,‘tool” gasped Sally.
“Wearing apparel---—-—’’ ‘

I "Why, Miss Stebbins promised ‘me her————” ex-

I , claimed Sally.

> “Will you be quiet?” said the lawyer.
“And she promised me her——-” put in the

' cook.

“Money,” continued Mr. Croker, “in the house,

f in the bank, and everything of which I «die pos-
sessed.”

“Why, your name isn’t mentioned at all, Jack,”
cried Sally in amazement.

“I don’t believe Miss Stebbiris ever made that
“Why, you were her fa-
vorite, Jack. You lived with her, and I know she

She never would have
treated you so

“I haven't ﬁnished yet,” said Mr. Crocker, in an
unrufﬂed tone. “Here’s a codicil to read.”

“A codysilll” cried Sally. “What’s that?”

' ' “It's an addition to the will, and is sometimes
- of very great importance.”

“Let’s hear the codysill,” said Sally expectantly.
“Maybe your name is mentioned in it, Jack.”

 J “I give and bequeath to my beloved nephew---”

“That’s you, Jack,” screamed the housemaid.
Maybe

 “Or the house and*grouncls,” hazarded the cook.
' “My beloved nephew, John Gale, who has been

7!

“Of course you have,” said Sally, while the cook

. fnedded.

, “The family Bible, hoping he will read it daily
and take its lessons to heart, thereby growing up
ftp b'e.a worthy son of his father,” concluded the

lawyer, beginning to refold the document. ,

“Is that all?” cried the astonished Sally.
“That is all,” replied Mr. Croker calmly.
“Then all I’ve got to say it’s an outrage,” said

E the girl indignantly.

“Take care, young woman,” said the lawyer
sharply. . , p ' I
. "‘I don't care. I’ve a right to speak my mind.
The idea of Miss Stebbins lea.vin’ you, an outsider,

, everythin’, and her, own nephew nothin’ but a

Bible. It’s-——it’s shameful, scandalous——’f .
f‘So it is,” agreed the cook. . “I don't believe she

ever made that will.” f ._

I. “Neither do I,” cried Sally. “It’s a forgery.” _

3 “How dare you insinuate such a thing!” ejacu-

lated Mr. Croker angrily. -
“I’l1 say what I. please; .My tongue’s my own,”

retorted the housemaid. >

‘]"“Be careful. . I could bring an action against‘

you, young-woman." ,

’ ‘‘What do you mean by that?” she snapped. .

' “I could bring‘ you'into court and make you take

. I _your wor s."

 ‘fI’d like to see you do it, you old dried-up

‘apology for a man,” cried the angry girl.
‘fﬁemember, young woman, that this place be-

longs.’ to me, and if . you wish’ to retain your

p'lace—~—4-.” . . '

« ““I wouldn't work for you ﬁve minutes“ Give

«me my ﬁfty 'dol1ars,‘a.nd I‘ll go this very day.”

‘Mr. Croker made no rep] , but: putting the will

grip sn.9,pped=the1oc , took up his hat

left the house. During the heated discussion
tween the liousanaid and the lawyer, Jsfeke
never made a move, or seemed aware of what:
going on. He sat with his eyes ._bent__ u on
carpet, and, he seemed to be thinking. I  tﬁ‘
departure of Mr. Croker, Sally arousegifln
saying: _ I V v -« _
“I’m sorry for you, Jack. I think you:-_
treated you in the most—” . ,_
_“That Wlll do, Sally. I have no fault 
with my aunt. She had the right to leave‘
property towhoever she chose.” a « . ,
“But she ought to have left you the house
at‘least, her money.” 2 ,_
itwshe d1dn’t, so what’s the use of talkingabo

,“I don’t believe she ever made that will,’’?, I
:V;«'gfg0l;lgg‘e1l;e}; head in a positive way.f
_ ll;/Ii‘. Crokenis a laliivyer, and he wouldn.lt.;da
 "l.§l’.l‘d"‘?é‘i.‘“d' .  I’ s I
bein’ ddhe manry tintiees are 0 1 ' ve heard«.
‘‘It’s a State prison offense, and‘ a la‘
would be soaked harder than anybody. else
account of_ the oath he took when a_dm1tted to
bag, and his confidential relations with his die

I dont care, spoke, up Sally. ~“Mr..C.r

kooks gapable of doin’ anythin’ mean and,
an e . L
t ‘;I1:ion}’1t tlilink Mr. Croker has courage"ena?
°«-:‘.:.:.s.:.“:;:.::°.f. S“ QW"

- _ _ ’ m. e way you were
out of the will isn t the only queer thing abou
Molly only got a measly hundred dollars, and.
gold‘ lliiep yourself that Miss Stebbins,§aid,,;

e%;...9.g::::e*§i: :¥3°:“ m“°*‘~ .  

y . . i ell meso. 
ought to have got more, too. You. have been
lintyl aunt nearly ten years, ever since you‘ W
i e gir . _ ;

f‘]c)lo§srli1’t ttahat piﬁiveﬂtliat that ain’t\ her“
crie a y riump an y. V ‘V V V .
“No. The will, however, must be prov
court. The two_witne_sses who were present
nﬁy aunt s;]gned it will be called upon tgswea
t ?‘3l/I/sliacyvargrtheltvsilitailiezlsigﬁgure to It. ’
  Ift:-y.‘5:‘i.‘;°:.‘§.:“:;';;‘;3“:39%‘ ms~’*
, “I don’t think so. Why should he be?-9 ‘
. f1l%‘§‘:?:13:.t‘;Z‘*zl.‘;§.‘Y’°“g 
7" J is anyt mg wrong 

' .“A_reri’t you goin’ to make a fuss aboutpvige

nothin’ but the Bible?” < -'7 ' . ".-

’ “It wouldn’t do me any good.” _ ‘ .«
f‘Then you’re goin’ to let that old baldah

thingamy take everythin’?” ‘ ’ ~ , ,,
‘‘I don’t see how‘I can prevent "him comi ,

possession of what he is entitled to und

aunt's will." A 

_ “What are you goin,’ to do,‘then? It w, ,

Just like that old lawyer to turn you outvof

house.” , i I v   ;
“I have no, intention(of' staying. here,-—, ”

v Mr. Ci-oker invited me to do so.” I

“Wh_ere_will you go?” a ; , «
‘ “Most likely to San Francisco, where..-15
for something’ to do, and make my own‘

d - y in the world.

   
  
  
  

lifbu }’li=il‘vvaiiys 5exnécted- *6 155;: »Y°111‘::.

“I d te ’;ii’nt’sl_heii’.'
u,m’u‘st, be dread u y isappoin .

   
   
    
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
    
 
  
   
   
  
   
  

tithing le for.me to do but dig._out."; ;. ;,
!I,t’s,a shame. A downright, burnin’ shame.--.
‘I thank you for your sympathy, Sally, and I
go ', the rest of you_ feel the same way, for _w_e-Ye
jays, been good friends.” . - -- » ‘i ; _ --
The cook aégd tihe gardener nodded, while Jimmy
ones just s re . _ . - . 
‘Don't throw up your situationhere _S_ally_, if
 lawyer is willing tolkeep 3§ou,’for hisi rénorggy
.5333. 8‘00d 5 any 0 y e se’s_. on re use 0 J e
‘place, and it will be more like home to you than
anywhere else: He'll doubtless take up his resi-
etaoe here while the will is‘ being probated. What

‘will’ do‘ with the property lafter h1S.l‘1gl‘1l:lSS are
onﬁrmed is of course‘ a prob em at presen .”
When ar,e you thinking of leaving?" asked the
vrdener. - _
‘ “As soon as possible—maybe to-morrow.”

‘,‘So soon!” ejaculated Molly.
'““?~Yes‘. ‘I have to hoe my own row now, and I
"t]get‘on the job too quick.” - I
Thus-speaking, Jack walked out of the room.

,7“

 

cﬁimnn II.—-—Jack Secures 5 Position.

»he'hoi1se which had been Jack ('}aleTs home
*several years was in the suburbs of-a quiet
ttle village in Napa County, California, about-
i- , miles from the nearest branch of the South-
1?.ti:Paéiﬁc Railroad. _ .
ack, having made up his mind to make a start
: himself in the world, now that his expecta-
s_ from his aunt had ended in smoke, .lost no
. ‘e “in packing his belongings in his trunk. He
; . . kthe liberty of takingipossession of his legacy,
' family Bible, and he proposed to regard it as
of -his choicest possessions. I-Ie stowed it care-
" away with his other traps, and when he _re-
‘ -that night everything was ready for his im-
diate departure. , ‘ ’

      
  
 
  

_ er at his office, and told him that he was
‘ﬁt-to leave the neighborhood for good. _
“Where, are you going?” asked the lawyer in
epsurprise, not unmixed with satisfaction, for
had ﬁgured that he would be obliged, for ap-
rances’ sake, to keep Jack at the house during
onths that must elapse until the estate was
115+ settled.

_ . San" Francisco.” " ‘
“What do you expect to do there?

‘Makeimy living, for.I have to depend on my
xertions now.”_

. suppose you will need some money_to pay

r way and keep you till you geta position. I,“
let you have ﬁfty dollars.” =

l have some money, but, on the whoie, I.’ll

,_ , your offer and regard it as _a loan to be

“id when I can afford to do so.” .
lawyer was so pleased to have him go away

  

  

  

  

    

ble amount of money, he was. willing to take
cesof never seeing it a ain. _ .

fngly‘, hejwent to hissa e, counted out the
»1i239daditm’thehov. ". — «

    
 

-‘sniiiirr-‘iN  ' '  l 

Ara "disappointed; but what "can I(do".7‘ 
lef -her Jpgissessions to Mr. Croker, and there

i the bay. He wasnot a_stranger to the Golden .

, spection.

,  "range for, the delivery of his trunk at his new"
zigfteribreakfast next morning he called on Mr.

hough he regarded ﬁfty dollars as a con- 1

  

1

     
   
   
  
    
  
  
     
    
   
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   

“Shall I give you an _I. 0. U. for, this, ‘sir??’_
asked Jack.  ' ' .  —' , .:»
Mr. Croker did not regard his note as worth
much, but he thought he might as well have .it, p
since the boy suggested it. So he wrote out a or
note, payable on demand, and Jack signed it. " '
“Now, good-by, sir.”- _ .
.“.Are you going right away?” .
“I am. I shall have the gardener, Tom White,
drive me to the station with my trunk after
lunch.’’ 3 _ ._ ,
“Good-by, Jack,” said the lawyer, shaking hands
with him. “I wish you luck." ' , J’ " _
It was a mere perfunctory wish, and he did not _
dream that before the year was out Jack would.
run up against such luck, as would make the
lawyer’s legacy under Miss Stebbins' will look
like thirty cents. A few hours later Jack was
aboard a train speeding toward Benecia, where
hewould cross the strait and continue on to San .
Francisco via Oakland and the ferry boat across‘

City of the West, having spent many years of
his early life there,‘so he knew just what he would
do when he reached the ferry house at the foot of
Market Street. ' ' _
He reached San Francisco a little after ﬁve, ,
and not bothering with his trunk, he took a car 1
and rode as far as the junction of Montgomery” ‘
Street where he got off and walked to the Russ »
House. Herehe, registered for the night, and 7,’,
after breakfast ‘next. morning he looked over the ,' 1
boarding houses advertised in the Morning Calla ‘
. Picking out seveaal he started on a tour of’ in-' »
He wanted a cheap. and coz place
where only one or two boarders were ta en, an
after‘ an hour's tramp he found just what he’
wanted on Tehama Street. A motherly woman,’
received him. She occupied a small frame house’
with her son and two daughters, and she had ac-
commodation for only one boarder. -
She named a moderate price, and -as the room, ‘
though small, looked comfortable, Jack closed * -
with her at once, paid a deposit and started for
the office of the Paciﬁc Transfer Company to,a,r,-.

   
     
    
   

home. « Jack atehis lunch at the hotel, as he was
entitled to it, and then taking his grip went back’
to his boarding place, paid the rest of the sum.
due for his first week and took possession‘ of his ‘ *
room.-

He spent the rest of the day walking about the v
city, and picking up landmarks once familiar to
him. When_he returned home for dinner, he found
his trunk in his room. He was ‘called to dinner
about six, and was then introduced to his land-.-
lady’s son and daughters. He found the family,‘ ‘
as a whole, a congenial one, and they, on their
part,‘ took quite a fancy to him. Their name was
Mason, the boy's Fred, and the girl’s, Fanny and
Clara. They were persons of some reﬁnement,‘
who had come down in the world when the hus-
band and father died and left nothing but a sinalli
life insurance.‘ Jack was up early next morning".
and hadvseveral places picked, out of the paper,
to apply to for a job when breakfast was ready;

Several days passed, however, before Jack
caught on)’ and then he secured what seemed to be
an uncommonly ‘good positionby accident. , “ ;;_ 

He was standing. on the comerfof Battery

onto Streets labs in ‘thn afternoon n.V__

   
       
   

   
   
   
   
      
    
   
 
      
     
      
   

    
          
     
   

   
    
   
  

    
        
  

  

:

  
 

,. " having exhausted his chances for the day, when
-  he saw a good-looking, well-dressed man of per-
',.haps' thirty years start to cross the street toward
  him“; He had reached the center of the-thorough-
 " ' {are when a rapid-driven hack turned the corner
. and ‘bore down on him. He didn’t see his danger,
’ _;, but Jack did. The boy sprang forward, seized
.. him bythe arm and pulled him clear of the wheels
_. , ’ of the vehicle. The man then woke up to the peril
'   he had escaped.
,_ “Thanks, boy, you saved me from being run
".» _. down. Come to my oﬂice and I will make it all
-_. right with you.”
, , Jack accompanied him readily enough. He had
’ . no intention of accepting pay for the service he
, had rendered the gentleman, but he thought the
2 , rescued man might be able to get him a situation
[somewhere in the vicinity of his own place of busi-
" ness. They walked along Battery Street, with
. its frowning warehouses and shipping establish-
 .ments, in silence, the gentleman, apparently, hav-
 ing something of moment on his mind. ’
 Finally he entered a narrow doorway where a
' pair of stairs led upward and curtly told Jack to
 . ollow him. The boy noticed a well-worn sign over
the door, which read “Geo. Sharpley & Company.”
. I. At the head of the stairs, to the left, was a door,
~ on which the same name appeared, with- the word
"Oﬂ'lce” under it. ‘ ' '
The gentleman entered and Jack followed. ’ The
boy saw he was in a counting-room, with a small
‘, space railed off for callers. Half a" dozen or more

   

   
  
 

 

  
   
  
  

back to back, against the window. The room
"looked dingy and musty, for the building was one
of the early solid structures of San Francisco, and
an air of business permeated the atmosphere.
‘Jack’s conductor walked straight to the door of
. aroom marked “Private,” and strode in as though
g ‘ . he was the boss of the place, as, in fact, he was.

 “Sit down,” he said, pointing to a‘ chair beside
v an old-fashioned mahogany desk, and Jack took
~ g his seat while the gentleman hung up his hat and
. overcoat. A cheap clock hung against the parti-

tion, and the hands pointed to e hour of half-
 past four. Although it still wanted two hours of
 ‘sunset, that luminary was veiled by the incoming

,fog from the ocean, and a sort of twilight pre-
vailed in the room.

The gentleman lighted the plain gas jet over his
. jdesk, sat _doWn and looked at the boy.

“What is your name, young man?” he inquired.

“Jack Gale,” replied the lad.

“You have done me a great favor—indeed,:—it’s
quite possible you mayhave saved my life-—-what
%’:~, can I do for you in return? If you will accept a,
‘sum of money I will be pleased to hand you any
_ reasonable amount.” ' .
» “No, sir; I don’t want any,money for what I
did, but you may be able to do me a favor.”
e.~ “Name it, and if ‘within. my power it shall be
granted.” ‘ _

_ “I am looking for a situation, sir. Maybe you
can put me in the way of one?” .

,"I:he gentleman looked him over sharply before
ropiying. , -V I :1 I V

‘ “What kind of a position do you want?”

.. "Anything where I can make myself useful and
uewxﬁomoted when I deserve advancement.”

 

 

 

 

   
 
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
 

  

Abhirf IN 

I =i clerks were at work over talﬁdesks strung along, V

' case on. the -wage question.

-morning. Tell him the hours, and explain

tei a sentence on that had and sign  v.

  

-name. in -- your usual style," said the gentl ,
handing him a pen. 5 - ;~§l
’ ‘Jack complied in an offhand way. The ’gentI,u5;,
:man looked at »his'eﬂ"ort and nodded-ap’p;rmvi,' 7 ’
Then he studied the boy’s face searchii1gly..,:‘,j_,,;vlE
“Do you think’-you would like to lea'1”'n"El'1eg’
shipping business?” he asked. f ‘
“Yes, sir; Ithink I would.” . '
_ _ “My office boy left last week, and the po
1S open. -You may have it.” . 
“Thank, you sir,” replied Jack joyfully.
“As to wages, when we take on a boy ,1‘.
are merely nominal for the first six month’ ' ’
live with your parents, I presume?” , 
“No, sir. I have no -"parents. I am out ‘i
world on myown hook.” ‘ _
A peculiar light ﬂashed in. the gentlemé
eyes, and he gave Jack another steady ‘: 
There was something in his eyes that did
favorably impress the boy. ' ' ‘ * ’
“Are you living by yourself?” ’
“Yes, sir.” » .
“Born and broughtup in the city?” " .
“Yes, sir; butfor the last two yearsw _» '
been living with my'aunt in Napa County,
died a few days ago, and her death threw
on my o-wn resources, so I came backxto
to get a new start.”- ~ ~  
A look of satisfaction ﬂashed across the g , v
man's face. ~ 1 . .  . .9
“Very well,,’? he said. “In consideration?)
fact that -you have to pay your own Way;
also because I am indebted to you for saving
from the hack, I will make an ‘exceptioni '
, You shall-hav
dollars a week for the first six months.» .
that you willbe raised by degrees and pro,
as your talents warrant.” I - ' ~  “
“Thank you, sir.” ,' ._
“Come with me,” said thegentleman, risin
He led’Jack into the counting»room'to‘1:h
of his head bookkeeper.  .
“Mr. J ackson,'tliis is our new office 170’
name is Jack Gale. His wages will be ten 0
a week’ till’ further notice.” ’
“Ten dollars, sir?” ejaculated the ‘book;-tee
some surprise. I o  h
“I said ten dollars,” replied the lies. 
house sharply. “He will report for wor in

 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
    
  
    
      
 
  
    
   
  
    
  
 

 

 

will be expected of him.”

The gentleman turned on his heel and
back to his private room. The bookkeep‘;
anote of Jack’s name on a pad. 

“Where do you live?” he asked.’ ' ‘

The boy gave him his address. _

“Show me a specimen of your handwr-
your customary style,” he said, handing-Jae ‘
pen. » i 1 _ »
‘The boy dashed off a sentence to .
signed his name, as he had done in th
office. . /V 

“You write a good hand,” said'the booklfk
“I guess you’ll do." ~ \ 

Jack learned inva general way what -.
would be and that his oiiice hours were fro
till six, with an hour for ‘lunch, then,"
dismissed. He walked home feeling, thaf
connected with a sold job, and was "
at v well‘ , ‘ ‘ " I

  
 

      
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
  

7  ' TCHAPTER —III.——Locked in.

"ell/'Iasons congratulated Jack on getting such
_ job, and he" rose considerably in their esti-
ion, for they judged he must be a smart fel-

He reported promptly at eight o'clock next
rning at the shipping house on Battery Street,
‘and was introduced by the bookkeeper to one or
. _ of ‘the clerks. He was placed at a desk and
en some invoices to make out. The clerk
_ ‘er Whom he was doing the work found him
‘ptfandcorrect, and told the head bookkeeper that
he seemed to be a great improvement on his pre-
ecessor. _ _
Jack was soon on speaking terms with. every-
body in the room, and his polite ways and attrac-
‘ 5 unassuming ‘manners secured the good
ifnionfof all hands.
e learned that the ﬁrm of Geo. Sharpely & Co.
as one of the oldest in the city. , _, _
Theoriginal members were dead and ‘buried in
l e Mountain Cemetery, and the sole boss. was
5;: Sharpley—the gentleman he had saved
m-being run down by the hack.

he house owned several ships in the Australian
t1~a.de'and carried charters on other vessels. .
hree of the vessels were barks wholly de-
ted to bringing coal from Sidney. "
Piie; house had always borne, a good reputation
:1 therefore enjoyed the conﬁdence of shippers.
raik’ liked his job first rate and felt as happy as
at ,, . ,

H isdisappointment over the loss of a handsome
, aicyx from his late-aunt faded away, and he
mttered himself that he never would miss it.

’e wrote a letter to Sally Popple, the house-
unaid; acquainting her with his good luck,_ and in
 time received a reply from her conveying the
congratulations and best wishes of herself, Molly,
’ cook, and Toin'White, the gardener. .
mmy Jones, she said, had been discharged by
~'Croker when he moved‘ into the house, but
erwise things were going on as usual. '

/$1 ﬂﬂlled out four pages with village gossip
" he thought would interest Jack, and signed
self ‘Taithfully yours,,Sally Popple.”

e of the ﬁrst errands Jack was sent upon was
Bacon & Co., printers, on Clay $treet, to ﬁnd
, theilluminated cards advertising the fact
heship Morning Glory was ready to receive
ght for‘ Melbourne, Australia, were ready.

‘found they had just been ﬁnished and carried
‘ In back to the oﬂice. _ _
hen‘ he was put to work mailing them toall
ippers; of the city. _ e
a couple of weeks things went as merry as
H , . age hell with Jack, and then he received a

,‘.th, 1: took his breath away.

‘i 0.119 .
f 5 out. of‘ his office with his hat and coat on,
arently bound home. He lived in a ﬁne house
'Rincon Hill, on the south’ side, and his coach-
had been waiting for him for a full half-

   
 

  
  

  

  
  

  

  

  

  

  

    

  

  

  

  

] anded him a sealed envelope. . ‘ .
this“ to Captain Brant, of’ the Morning
.. suppose you know the vessel lies at
icli 1?’ock?” . .

    

  A11_RiF'r_ I_N,,TiI-IEM sail.

.walked fast and soon reached his destination.

. steward.

"afternoon about ha1f—past ﬁve Mr.“Sharpley I

[paused at the railing, and, beckoning Jack

0

 

“You have seen Captain Brant here, and know
him by sight?” »

-“Yes, sir.” _

“This note is important, and you must hand it i 
to the captain himself. If he isn't aboard either, "fj
hunt him up or wait for him. Understand?” ~ ' ‘

“I do,” replied Jack. » ‘

Philip Sharpley walked out and Jack prepared .
to go on his errand. » He told the head bookkeeper
where he was bound, and that individual nodded. \
Five minutes later the boy was on the street.‘ 
Greenwich Dock was at the foot of Battery : ,
Street, and there wasn’t the least‘ danger of .
Jack going astray even in the mist that now»ren- _
dered objects rather indistinct in the street. He

  

    
 
   

The dock was deserted at that hour, as the long— i .
shoremen who were loading the Morning Glory_
had quit work on the stroke of ﬁve. The Watch‘— ~
man sat on a stool in the doorway of his little
house .at the head of the dock smoking, apparently '
not. bothered by the foggy atmosphere. Jack-
found a narrow-stagethat led to_the poop of the a
vessel, and mounting this, reached the waist of ’
the ship by way of a short ﬂight of steps. There -
was no one on deck, as ‘far as he could see, so he - 
went to the doorway of the passage communicat-‘
ing with the cabin. There were several doors .- oil? 
this passage, one of which was open. A light‘-
streamed through it, and Jack heard the rattle of  _
dishes. He looked in and saw it was the ship's
pantry. _ ’ .
“Is Captain Brant on board?” he asked the

    
     
     
     
      
     
    
     
         
       
 

“You'll. ﬁndhim in the cabin," was the reply. M
The cabin door was at the end of the passage, :
so Jack opened it and walked in. The skipper’
and his two mates were seated at the table, eat-.3 .
mg supper. Captain Brant was a short, burly .
man, with ‘black whiskers, a bronzed face, and
dark, piercing eyes. His manner was easy and
good-tempered; but there was something in the
igilccpression of his countenance that Jack did not
1 e. ' .
~ “Hello!” he excla.imed,.when he caught sight of
the visitor. “Who have we here?”

“I have brought a note for you, Captain Brant,"
said Jack, advancing with the envelope in his
hand. \ _ -,

“A note for me, eh?”

“Yes, sir;- from Mr. Sharpley." .
fo;‘(_}t1ve it to me,” said the skipper, reaching"

1 .

’He tore it open and read it carefully with an ~
ai1“S0f »i(riiterest. d . ’ .

r“ it‘ own an, have some supper,” he said to‘
Jack, as he placed the letter in his pocket. *

, :‘‘Thank_you, sir; but I"rn going straight home." p
. You might as well eat with us, now you are.’
here. Besides, I have to write a reply tothe
noteyou brought, which you will have to deliver
to Mr. Sharpley. Steward," he shouted in fog’-
horn tones. . p :

‘ That person stuck his head in at the door.

“Set a plate for this young man and wait upon
him,” said the skipper.’ “Take the chair at the
foot of .the9table, my lad. By the-way, what ‘is
y°B.1in1:m(§'1 ' H 1'd th 1;. M’

ac a e,’ rep ie e . 1:3 2
seat in’-. "a diﬂident way, .g °y".a.‘ . e .vt°°-k «t~h°7*‘

     
       
      
      
      
     
     
 
      
      
   
  
     
     
 

  
 
      
     
    
         
       
       
  

  
    
     

  

   
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
     
  
   
    
   

   
 
   

i at his boarding place, as he feltlike a cat in -a
strange garret in the cabin of the Morning Glory.
, . .-»»‘-‘You «are employed .infth.e'.'.shipping -office, I
<*suppose,” continued Captain Brant. « v .
I  “Yes, sir.” ’ -  p

f,- .“”§,?,,§>u know where Mr. Sharpley lives, don’t
. Y011- ' .'-. = g  '
 2 . ,“Somewl_1ere'on Rincon Hill. I. dare say I can

I find his house.” ‘

  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
    
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
   

“jtance from he1'e. Whereido you live?”
i ,.,..,Jack told him. .

l_;"?Iow long have you worked for Mr. Sharp-

e .” r l .

/ “Not quite three weeks.”

_' 3 The captain looked a bit surprised.

W in you.” _

Jack’ wondered what he meant, and then pre-
sumed it had reference to the letter he had
" ‘brought. ‘ '_
” r “I sha’n’t give him any reason to change’ his
opinion,” he replied, as/the steward set somefood
* and a cup of tea beforejhim. V J ‘

-‘ V'=-The skipper nodded approvingly. In a few
i minutes Captain Brant retired to his stateroom to

write his reply and the mates went to their rooms,
leaving Jack to ﬁnish his supper by himself. By
the time the boy was done the skipperreturned
xwith the letter. . ' ‘ e .

“Give this letter to Mr. Sharpley and no one
else,” he said, putting a strong accent on the last
i three words. “Better walk up to the Plaza and

 ‘— quicker. Here is some money for your expenses,”
’ and he handed Jack a $5’ gold piece.
. 1 The fogpwas as thick as bean soup when the
‘ boy walked ,out on deck. He had to feel his way
, v carefully to the staging, whichwas provided with
i aw guide rope on one side. He left the dock and
walked up Battery Street as far as Washington,
a up which he turned toward the Plaza, otherwise
known as Portsmouth Square. In the days of the
‘ gold fever this was the liveliest part of thertown.
i Before hiring a hack Jack stopped at a drug store
= and consulted the city directory, in which he read-
ily found Mr. Sharpley’s home address. After
i that it was plain sailing for him. In the course
of an hour he reached his destination. A servant
answered his ring and he asked for his employer.
g “I think he went_out immediately ‘after sup-
. per,” she said. “Wait a minute and'I’l1 ﬁnd out.”
; She went away and in a few minutes came‘ back
[with word that Mr. Sharpley had gone out to
. ' keep an engagement at his club.
' « .“What club is it? I have an important «mes-
sagi to deliverto him and I must ﬁnd him,” said.
,Jac . ’ . .
' v'The servant had to retire again to ﬁnd out the
‘name of her master's club, as she didn't know.
_ ~“It.’s the California, on“ Street,” she said,
when she got back. ' ~
 So Jack returned to the cab and told the driver
to take him to the California Club, thereby re-
_ tracing a considerable part of their route. Ar-
rived atthe brilliantly lighted entrance to the
club, Jack paid the driver and dismissed him.’
x  attache stopped him in’the vestibule. -
L w;VZhat’s your business there, young man?” he
‘i want to see.Mr. ,Sh‘arp_ley,”. said Jack. .. .

t

  
  
  

   

   
    
     

 *He»fwouw1'd hayezzpreferred to. take his supper

“‘That’s at the other end of toyvn, quite a dis- ¥

_ I’ll‘leave,_” he_ told himself.

" “He seems, to have a good deal of conﬁdence.

{:.,1hire—~a hack. You will reach your destination‘

‘the adjoining compartment slam to, la.

   
 
 

pridor; he -. saw Mr.‘ .Sharpl.ey' = and another Ag
man» cross to. a’ stairway and walk up: 
hesitated whether to rushafter them.‘ or not .
his experience with the attache indicated that use
siders were not permitted to wander around.
building. , A p p 7 A _
“I’ve only got to hand him this note, an 
“There canit be; t
harm in that.’’_ , ’  ‘ i
.Anx,ious to return home, he made a di
the corridor and rushed up the stairs he 11
Mr. Sharpley and his companion ascendﬂ’
he reached the landing above be caught a
ing glinipse of the twpo/gentlemen entering
atthe end of it. Jack lost no timein P j
them. He knocked at the door, but as.he’-‘g.
answer he ventured to open the door. Theyroo
dimly”lighted’*by a single’ gas jet turnedl . ,
empty. Two doors led oﬁ’ the apartment.’ 
took the right-handed one’ at hazard," opened
and walked in. He found himself info.‘ ems
boxlike room, dimly like‘ the other—,pand"ﬁtt.e,d
with a highly-polished round; table and
chairs.‘ The place was unoccupied. Jack, o 
he had takenthe wrong door, was about 
treat when he heard his employer’s voice 
distinctly through the. partition, say: ., ‘
“Pardon me one moment, Dudley, beforewe 
into this matter let ‘me make sure that the  v
is clear. We must have no listeners for w ha
a perilous game to play.” T ,
“Yes, .it’s a ticklish game, and if W ~ P ’
caught at it the house of George Sharpie .&.L
would go out of business, while you and. w "
spend the next ten or ﬁfteen years in S . "
tin,” replied his companion. - ~ “
Jack was so staggered by what hexhad. e ,
that he stood rooted to the spot. A moment ‘I
he heard the key turned in the lock of the ;
he was in and removed- ' i '
“Gosh!” he ejaculated.
can’t get out.”

 
     

  

 
 
 

  

     
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

“I'm shutiin '1;er§‘.as

 

 

CHAPTER IV.——Jack Overhears a Crooked,-{ii

As he stood close to the partition, wand
what he was going to do, he heard the door 

   
  
 

Sharpley say: , l v , .
“Now we may talk~'free1y without fear 0
droppers.” - ” ', V p
“I am glad to hear it,” returned the man no’
Dudley. “Let's get down to business. 
your partner in this ent_erprise‘I want-to
if we can thoroughly depend on Captain 18
Sending a ship to sea. to be lost is one thing
having the job executed in a way that will
success’ and, at the same‘ time, stifle sus
is another.” . , . ‘
. “Ihave perfect confidence in him. Hog
this job with the full knowledge that
us sink or swim together.” . ._ g .
“ﬁ‘But ifhe should bangle the,th1n 1

  
  
 
   

   
  
   
      
  
 

  
   
 
  
 
 

    
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
 
    
  
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 

, ‘‘Don?t worry about it. This won’t ‘be his first
 yin that line, Do you recall the loss of the
henandoah?” V

-« '91 do. It was the ﬁrst ship you sent to sea
Iter your father’s death. Was Brant master
fthat vessel?” "

£i)_0.proﬁt between }1s after I took out the ap-
‘raised value of the vessel." ‘
, ,“Quite a~tidy sum. - I should think the captain
ould have retired on his share.” . _
‘Such was his intention, but he put his coin
11'-‘certain mining stock that was booming at
the_‘t'ir"ne. ‘ The bottom fell out of it and he lost
‘very cent of his investment." .
"Well, ‘you didn’t have any better luck, for
u blew yoursvin trying. to beat the tiger at his
., ’sa‘rjn_e-"., . " . . . ' -
‘..‘I'waIs "a" fool, and that's why I am making this
ecoiid venture to recoup my losses at cards. We
, are both. in the same boat, so to give you a lift
hayc taken, you in with me this time.” c . '
“‘For‘ which ‘I ought to be truly tliankful,”.
ﬁghed Dudley. .“But to return to the Shenan-
 She foundered at sea, I believe, with the
ssistahce of Captain Brant?” ‘ . ,
f.YI’es, but -close to the Stiletto Islands, so that
,or~"liv_es were lost.’ Captain Brant‘ managed the
' air admirably.” . . v '
‘.‘.Of course there was an inquiry by the Board
Underwriters?" - '
‘.-_‘Na'turally. But not a taint of suspicion at-
ched itself either to me or the master of the
ip; ; The insurance companies paid up promptly,
df'that was the end of the matter.” .. ‘
While the truth of the matter was you loaded
rotten ship with a worthless cargo, insured it
about twenty times its value,vand arranged
. , Captain Brant to purposely wreck it. Am
right?” » I i '
" .You couldn’t have made a closer guess.1f you
géiiz  been interested in the scheme yourself,”
ulaughed Philip Sharpley. I
*».‘-'I‘h’en what has been done so well before may
‘§’e"done,as well or better again, eh, Sharpley?”
“Precisely.” ‘

i‘But why have you selected‘ the Morning Glory.

m;~,: this enterprise? I was on board of her yes-
" rdaly, and upon my word ‘she looks like a new
Se ‘N

‘‘That’s because you couldn't see under the paint.

4 ?She,’s‘ nothing but a rotten hulk I bought up

~ ' p. ’ I had her patched up and then thoroughly

Z ainted. Then I had her examined and secured

-'."”ry fair rating for her. We are now load-

Ag _, ".‘_u.p“.with a general cargo, but her lower hold

‘ filled to the hatches with the bales and cases
which you are down as the consignor.”

 

And pray ‘what do they consist of?" asked,

.;.. _-ley curiously.
“The bales are ﬁlled with old rags and entered
hevbills of lading as high—grade silks.”
dvery clever, indeed. And the cases?”
i‘Ar,e ﬁlled with old newspapers, books, and
fa iron, and entered as the best class of woolen
:.~.ﬁne'chin_a ware, and expensive cut glass.
whiﬁh you are shipping to my agent-in
he 0 be sold on commission!’ .  /
which never will reach their destination?"

 

l. “He was. We pulled together and divided $60; I

' ihis room?” he said.

“will go downstairs to the cafe and drink success

‘ somebody unlocked the door and discovered hi’

 

-1- :, ,  '2 ,-;

oAm:1ié—r=.inri'rii.v.lisi:.i.  *  - 

- “OE cloui-s3 dust.

you i t ey i .
“I should imagine not."
“Now you understand

matter?”
“Quite clearly.”

It wouldn't be healthy’ 

“And you are ready to sign the documents that, ‘

make you a partner in the enterprise?"
(I
Yes.

shares equally with us."

“He does, for the success of the scheme largely . '

depends on his management. But you understand
that before the division is made I am. to be reim-
bursed -for—the actual cost of the ship and-the‘-
expenses connected with her.reﬁtting.” 1  L“
? ‘‘That’s fair enough, and I agree to it." ' J .
' “It there anything more you wish to ‘learn?’
“Nothing. My ‘chief anxiety was connected with‘
_Captain.,Brant. Now that I see he m‘ay.be.dfe¥
pended on I am perfectly satisﬁed with the
si,tI,1..al;ion.” V _ ’ ' p ‘ ; f
. 1 «“Then' here are the documents that require your

_ signature’, to attest the fact. that you,are the

shipper of "the larger part of the merchandise i

the, main hold; To-mori-ow you must call .on
Wright & Early, the marine insurance agents
and insure them for seventy-ﬁve per cent. ,,of
their su'pposed_value, which is stated in the dif-"
ferent manifests, copies of which are in that’,
bundle.‘ 'You' will take charge of them and ex-

‘ hibit them to the insurancemen as evidence that

you have really shipped the goods in "question. " I
have already insured the vessel to the full_limit.'.
The other shippers have, of course, insured their
consignments,‘ or made. arrangements to that
eﬁect, so that when the Morning Glory clears the‘

‘ ‘Heads’ the underwriters will carry quite a heavy

risk on her.” .

i “All of which they’ll have to pay in due time,’i» \

chuckled Dudley, rubbing his hands together in
‘anticipation of theproﬁts he expected to gather
in at some future date. “By the way, whenvwill
the Morning Glory sail?” .

“She will probably haul out into the stream
latemto-morrow afternoon, and the day after, if
nothing prevents, she’ll put to sea.” W

“Good. The sooner the better.”

Dudley, having signed the papersthat Philip
Sharpley placed before him, took up the pack’-

M age of duplicates and placed them in his pocket.-

“I believe there_ is nothing else to detain us in

“No. Everything is ﬁxed up between us. Wei
to our enterprise.” 
“And wish the Morning Glory 2. quick passag

-—-to the bottom of the Pacific,” laughed Dudley,\ 

rising from the table. M.
Jack, who had heard every’ word of the con-
versation,-’ and was quite staggered by its im-..
port, realized that the two men were about to‘
leave the adjoining room, and he wondered how
long he would be obliged to stay locked in where
he was, and what explanation he could giveﬂio,
account for his being in such a situation whe

 
   

there. Philip -Sharpley and his companion, I__)ud.=:

f ley, walked into the large room outside and

about t'o'—step out intothe corridor when the

your position in the ‘

I am ready to take the risk for one-,.
third of the proﬁts,.for I believe Captain Brant 7

 — ant.” ‘

 at  “ .  * Ai),RIFreii~z;gpiiEi’isEA". I

I mar recollectedthat he had the key of the little
room adjoining the one; where they had carried
He stepped ,

onktliéir conversation in his pocket.
back, shoved the key into the lock and turned it.

‘He did not open the door, as he was"'satisfied
,' no one was there, for he had looked in before he

and Dudley first entered the neighboring room.

b i* 'He’had taken the precaution to lock the door‘ in

the. rst_place, instead of afterward, Jack would
not ave got in the room, and thus have been in

la position to learn facts that stamped his em-

ployer as a man without principle, and showed

‘ thathe had not only been guilty of a grave crime

against the marine underwriters of San Francisco

V thy sending a rotten ship loaded with a worthless

argo in part to sea to be lost, as in the case of
e ship, Shenandoah, but that he was about to
repeat the offense with the Morning Glory. When

~ ‘Jack heard the key rattle in the lock he fully ex-

pected to see’ the door open and either his boss
or, Dudley look‘ in, which would mean discovery
anda strenuous situation. On the spur of the
moment he reached up and turned out the gas-
Fortunately for the boy, what he feared did not
happen, and presently he heard the two men. leave
the outer room. Trying the door, Jack found it

 unlocked, and giving the gentlemen time enough

to go downstairs, he left the little room and
walked out into the corridor and almost into the
arms of the attache who stopped him at the front
door. The employee stared at him in surprise and
then with displeasure. ’ "

“How dare you come up here, young fellow,

and what were youdoing in that room?”
I “Looking for Mr. Sharpley,”_ replied Jack, a bit

embarrassed at the encounter. . I ,
.“You _have no, right to come any further than
the vestibule. I went to ﬁnd the gentleman for
you.”
“I know you did, but you went in the wrong
“rection.” , _
"‘You’ve got a cheek to tell me that. ’ I know my
business. It’s my opinion that you didn't want to

see Mr. Sharpley at all. I suspect that you are a -

oung sneak thief, and I’m going to take you to
the office and turn you over to the superintend-

“All right- Do it if you want to. I can prove
I came he e‘ with a letter for Mr. Sharpley, for
there is t e letter,” and Jack held the envelope
up so the man could read the superscription.

,“That letter may be’a fake one. ‘At any rate,

In not going to take any chances.‘ You can’setu.~; -v

the the matter with the superintendent.”
~ ';“The letter isn’t a fake one._ Mr. Sha-rpley’ will
know that as soon "as he opens it. .He’s in the cafe
new with a friend.” c
“How do you know_ he's, in the cafe? And if he
, why are you looking for him up here?” asked
the attache, suspiciously. , ,
.‘‘He came up here with another gentleman, and
followed him, but he went back downstairs be-

fore I had the chance to give him the letter,” ex- ,

plained the boy. ~ _ ‘ _ .
f‘Your explanation _is rather a lame one, young
so you’ll come with me.” . I
~ The attache gripped him by the arm, led him
downstairs and into the small oﬂice of the super-
intendent of the club. That man, however, was

_there. grit that moment Mr. _ Sharpley and his

friend, Dudley, came along the corridor f
cafe, and-"the attache saw them. . . '
“Here’s Mr. Sharpley now,” he said. , -
see whether that story of yours is straight]-g
Still maintaining his grip on the lad’s ‘a
marched him outside.
“Mr. Sharpley, will you step here aino
please?” he said respectfully. ‘
The shipowner stopped, tuiiied aro_und.and '1
mediately recognized Jack. ' ‘
“Hello, Gale, you here?
Ina?” he asked pleasantly. , p . ,
Yes, sir; I’ve brought a reply to‘ your ‘letter

. Are you '1ooki

‘from’ Captain Brant,” answered Jack,‘ holding.

the envelope. - ‘
£‘Yo_u k;1l_0Wht1l'$S bojy, lthen?” said the, attae
re‘?(§:i}t§.inll3Si§i °He’:nm3(:>iiice boy.” ‘ ~ .
“’l_‘hen it’s_ all right, I- suppose. I foundghr,
coming out of one of the rooms on the
ﬂoor of the back corridor, and as he hadg,
 toobf ttlhere I took clgrge of hgmﬁ sir
ne e rooms on ‘e s con oor
claimed Mr. Sharpley, with a (slight start,
pausing in the act of opening the letter. —“.Wh ‘
room, may I ask?” I 1 p ” 3
“The, one connecting with the two private 1:
rooms.’ ’ , ff ‘
Mr. Sharpley looked searchingly at Jack
“What were you doing there, Gale?” . , 
“Looking for you, sir,” replied J ack,‘ showing}
some confusion. ’ . V
“What induced you to believe I was in that.
of the building?” ‘; ' v
- “I saw you and that gentleman go up the :
stairs a little while ago, and.I followed toil: ’
you the letter.” ~ ' " i 
“Oh, you did,” said Sharpley holdingthey
with his eye. “If you saw, and ,fo1lowedVme,,f
didn’t you‘ give me the letter then?” ' ,
“Because when I ‘reached the uppericorrid

‘you had disappeared.” .

“And what did you do then?” .
“I tried to ﬁnd you.” .. M
. “And in doing so you entered the room’ '
man saw you come out of, eh?” i 1
“Yes, sir,” admitted Jack.
“How long ago was that?”
“A, little While ago.” .
“When did you méet this boy

coming oui
that room?"’ he asked the attache. '
“About ﬁve minutes ago, sir.”

.“How* long were you in that roaom, G?’
asked the ship owner sharply. ’ / .
Jack looked clearly embarrassedu 
‘‘I wasn’t in it long,” he said- . -
“You Just walked in, and, not seeing me th
you walked _out again, is that it?” 
“I looked into one of the small rooms.’?,'.
. “Which one?” ,, ’ . I
“The one on_ the right hand.”.
“You found it empty? ’ ‘ .
“Yes, sir.” .
“Why didn’t you try the. other?”
.“I couldn’t, sir.”
“Why not?” ‘ 
. “Because,” hesitated Jack, ﬁnding‘ himself/«

tight ﬁx, “I ,couldn’t get outcof the_gl»itt1'e

after I went in.-” _ v
‘(Why cou1d1i’t.you?”-

 “o ebody turned. the key on me justjafter I
9%,’. blurted Jack. - ‘ .
, 11 you were in thatlittle room until after
ebady)‘ turned the key again so that you could
cut.”

es, sir,” admitted the boy, with a guilty look, ,

gg’ that he had let the cat out of .the bag!

e two gentlemen looked at each other. The
me thought was in the mind of 'each—-had this
“ overheard their conversation? If» he had

realized that exposure and ruin faced them

HAPTER\V.-—Removing a Dangerous Snag.

emergency caused the shipowner to do some
ck» thinking. Having decided what he would
. tore open the letter Jack had brought him‘,

its contents and then put it in his pocket.

me with us, Gale,” he said; ‘fl may‘need
1' services.” «

lhfollowed him, woiidering if hispemployer

pld’ question him further about his experience
tbelittle card room. On the way to the front
Mr. Sharpley talked earnestly to Dudley in
tone, and the latter nodded several ‘times.
ouple of cabs stood close to the curb for the
mmodation "of club members, the horses
an eted, and the drivers napping inside out of
og. — Mr. Sharpley roused up one of the jehus
he,‘ tumbled out of his comfortable quarters
;touched his hat respectfully. The shipowner
,, im. directionspin a low tone, and then told
 and Jack to get in, following after them.

‘turned down that ill-lighted and not over- J

thoroughfare till he reached Battery Street,-
endrove straight through the dense fog to
enwich Dock. Leaving Dudley"and Jack in
hicle, Mr. Sharpley walked‘ aboard the
g~Glory, and found the skipper and his

d mate playing cards in the' cabin, with a
artly ﬁlled with a suspicious-lookin com-
at, the elbow of each. The unexpec ed ap-

‘ surprise, and

brought the game to an

, , aﬁable tones. _ _ A I
’ led-' he way into his private quarters, and
‘ Turning up the kerosene
‘lie “pointed  the only chair in the room
down on his bunk himself. _
‘f r‘ we have run against a snag, Captain
t~,’.’ -said Mr. Sharpley, opening the interview.
, riagl”, ejaculated the skipper. “I’m_sorry
ear’ it., .We have only a small quantity of
ight to put aboard to-morrow morning, and
_.1we’ll be nearly chock-a-block. I think I
‘oped the fact in my note, and told you that
ldbe ready to haul out in the_ streamabout
o'clock in the afternoon.” ~ - _
snag to which I have, referred to is the
0 brought you my note this afternoon.” ..
'.about him?”

rei«nr11edAan~.answ(e1;‘i:0 my note by himiyl

1;ce,of Mr. Sharpley occasioned the capﬁiin ,

-which was unnecessary,’ and therein lies"

trouble.”

“Did he tamper with it?” . ’

“No, He went to my house to deliver it, but
I had just left for my club to keep an engage-'
ment with Mr. Dudley, who is with us in this en-
terprise, so he found his way there.”

Mr. Sharpley then went on to state how hell»
and Dudley had gone up to the private card room '

to conclude their arrangements with reference to ‘
the Morning Glory, andhow the boy had followed
them there, and during the whole of their c_on—
versation had been locked by accident in the ad-
joining card room. A

“I haven't questioned him about the matter,
as it is a rather delicate subject, but I fear he

heard enough of what passed between us  put,

him wise to the game.” ,
The skipper stroked his whiskers and’ said
nothing. ‘ .
“At any rate, my suspicions are fortiﬁed by h't
manner. He appeared much embarrassed and con

‘fused bythe questions I put to. him._ If he isfdii

to the’ game, why, we stand on a smoldering
volcano. A few remarks dropped by him, even
in my office, would start .a train of speculation
that in the end would spell ruin. If he went still
further, and carried his story to one of the ma
rine underwriters, an investigation would as»
suredly follow that could not fail to end in t
exposure of the game, and the ruin of the thr
of us. Do you comprehend the situation?” 3.

“I would be a fool if I didn’t. .What’s' 120*!)
done?” ~ ' ‘

“We must take the bull by the horns, Braiit.
We can’t aﬁ’ord_to take any chances with the b ‘

I He must be muzzled atonce, and the only way’ of‘?

doing that, to my way of thinking, is for yoﬁ
to take charge of him. You must carry himitp
sea and then make sure that he never gets back
to ’Frisco to give us away.” ’ ‘
“I’l1 do it. Once under my thumb I’l1 guaran
that he'll never get the chance to split on us,-""
said the skipper in a savage tone. “You oug
tohave brought him down here to-night.” ' 2
"‘I did,” replied Mr.‘ Sharpley.
, “Where is he?” e ‘ ,
’ “In a cab on the wharf in charge of Dudley.”‘
“Good. We’ll get him aboard, and I’ll stow
him down ‘between the double bulkheads under
the lazarette, the space you had built so I could.
reach the ship’s skin with. an auger when (the-

' time comes for her to spring a leak. I’ll.keep7‘

him there till we’re clear of the land, and then,
make him turn to and earn his grub as cabin‘
boy and steward’s helper.” I ', I

“Do what you please with him, only see’ to -.i
that he never returns to put a hitch in ourocal ‘
lations.” "

“I’1l sew his mouth up, never fear,” replied th
skipper with emphasis.

“He must be got aboard by. stratagem.

‘would never do for him to suspect our intenti

for he'd raise an outcry that would alarm 12
watchman and lead to an investigation.” . " 1.
“Send him aboard for anwimaginary package
and leave the rest‘ to me.’,’ - ’”
,‘fA good idea; but how about the second‘
‘,‘Don’t,worry about him. ‘ I-Ie’,1l learn in,’
Wait a minute till Lao to.;my medicine chest.

 ‘edition of the Evening Bulletin.

unconscious boy into the cabin.

"ADRI'F'I"   sink." 7-

_ dash of: chloroform .on‘a rag..wi‘ll:p‘ut‘the‘ boy-to

sleep. I’ll meet him as hetcomes over the side,

, iandiwhen I lay him down near the companionway
._ ._he’ll be dead to the world for several hours to
. come. ‘ ' ' -

. Mr. Sharpley walked out of the stateroom, an

‘ thence on deck, accompanied by the skipper. They
bade each other good—night at‘ the head of the

stage. The shipowner returned to the cab while

_—Captain Brant, like an evil spirit in the fog,
awaited his victim.

“Gale,” said Mr. Sharpley, opening the cab

 door, "“go aboard and fetch a large package the

captain will hand you in the cabin. Be careful
that you don’t make a mistake in the fog, and

'3 go down between the ship and the dock."

“I’ll look out, sir. The fog won’t bother me

E» '  2! 

Thus speaking, the unsuspecting boy hopped
out of the cab and went to meet his fate. Five
'minutes passed slowly away, and then the ship-
owner ordered the cabman to return to the club-
house. Twenty minutes later Mr. Sharpley and
his-_friend,,Dudley, got out at the door and ad-
journed to the cafe.

I‘ When Jack ‘Gale walked up the stage and put

‘ -his feet on the ship’s poop deck a stalwart ﬁgure

rose" before him in the mist. The next instant
he“ was ‘seized by the throat and forced backward

‘ ,against the low rail, and a rag, saturated with
.chloroform, was pressed over his nostrils. He
,put up a desperate struggle against his unknown

assailant, but’ the man held him in a viselike grip
until he became unconscious. Then Captain
Brant, for it was he, lifted and carried him to the
narrow space between the binnacle and the com-
anionway, or after-cabin stairs. There he laid
im down in the fog and left him for the present.

 .Returning to the cabin, the skipper resumed the
. card game with his second officer.

Half an hour
-afterward the second mate retired to his state-
room, leaving the captain reading the latest
Giving the mate
time enough to get to sleep, Captain Brant softly
ascended the stairs to the poop, and brought the
Lighting a lan-
tern, the skipper gently lifted the trap com-
municating with the lazarette and hung the lan-
tern toa hook within his reach. Then he lowered

the boy down into the place and closed the ‘trap
‘after him as he followed.
‘boxes from one corner and -exposed another trap
door there, known only to himself» Attaching the

He removed several

lantern to a thin line, he lowered it to the,run

’ of the vessel where it ended at the bulkhead built

against the ship’s sternpost. With the boy clasped

,-tightly to him he slowly made his way down a
‘long stationary ladder.

A space the width» of
two yards intervened between the two bulkheads,
and-extended from one side of the vessel to. the
other. No one aboard but the captain knew of

=3 th-i‘s~'vacant compartment, which had been_ con-_
=str'ucted,for the purpose of permitting the skipper

to gain access to the vessel's hold in secret. Cap-
ain.Brant laid the senseless boy on a bit of plank-
ng that covered the run, and taking up the lan-
’ T climbed back to the lazarette, shut down
the trap, replaced the boxes over it, returned to
the ‘cabin,’ and retired to his stateroom, after
1:13 the swingingllightvlow. I ~ A l e 

a When ‘morning dawned the fog still .11" g-
the‘bay and city. Gradually it thinned" '
the sun rose in the direction of Mount Diéblép,
miles away to the east.- When the longsho ..
started work at eight o’clock some traces or!
clung around the summit of Telegraph H

by, but it d1dn’t last long, and soon the ‘city"1'
basking In the morning sunshine under an almos
cloudless sky. It was about this timethat“
Galedbegan to move at the bottom of the
Presently he sat up and began to blink  '
darkness which surrounded him. He was

wonder where he was. .

thoughts he remembered the reception he ha
with on stepping aboard the vessel. Wli

the person who attacked him, and in whose gras
he had become unconscious? He had_ ”‘ V’
picions that it was the captain, or the. »'
Sharpley was in any way connected with hi in
adventure. - - "

“Where in creation ‘am I?‘ Certainly not
open air,” he said to himself. “I’m in some
ing, but I don’t see any windows. Maybe
a cellar.” . 2

He got on his feet and began to move round?
lllteaézhing out his hands he felt one ,of~the‘b‘;*}l§

ea s. , - ’ » ‘

“I’m close to one side of the room. -Tmust.
how big the place is.” . .— . _.g V

.He started to follow the wall. After ta ‘
two steps his foot shot dowp into space, an
that he had been making his way cautiousl
would have pitched forward on his hands
knees onto the planking nailed to the b0
rigs of the vessel two feet or so below. Th 7
wouldn’t have been so much, but when‘ a, .
takes an unexpected header in the darkness
consequences are often very serious. '_

“Gee! I just escaped that hole by the
my teeth,” he muttered, the perspiration , m
out on his forehead, for he imagined the ho _
of some considerable depth. Then he remem
that he had some matches in his pocket. He
one out and lighted it. As the ﬂame ﬂared
was astonished ‘to see the other side of the
as he supposed it was, within a yard of ‘

“I’m»in a passage,” was his natural su' '

He ﬂashed.the match to the right and ‘la '
saw the’ rough planking below him. S.
"down, he walked in one direction till the light
‘a second match revealed the ribs offa ves

“Why,” he gasped, “I’m in the hold of

CHAPTER VI.—~In the Hold or the Morn
* ' Glory. T A» ‘ .

The natural inference was that the slug
the Morning Glory. Jack did not possess
large fund of information about vessel
space between the two bulkheads at the cf
stern did not strike, him as anything. on
What most interested him at that.mome;;il:
the fact that he was in such a peculiar‘; '
and‘ the reason therefor. The more he «4
the matter over the farther he seemed to

  
   

~..cIimb»it and try to make his-escape =£rom
_He—,lost no“ time In doing it,» but when
edythe trap above he“ found it closed
, is efforts to force it open met, with- no
,s,, o. he had to give it up. He hu—ng.on to-
" to ,rnngs for a while,Aand ﬁnding that pretty

t down. to wait for somebody to comeand
;out. Nobody came, however, as time
, , , and; he grew impatient and nervous.’ The

sound she heard was the-. splashing of the
 er~-against the ship's side some yards above

  

wander what time it, is?’-’ he asked himself.
maybe morning for all I-know. The Masons
‘no. doubt-,.wondering what kept me from my
er and away from my room all night. I
think Mr. Sharpley wouldhave looked into
ason of my failure to reappear on the deck
. thebundle he sent me for. Captain Brant
, ld. then have? investigated. I don’t see -how’
Ly could have put me down here without
captain finding it out. And I don’t see why
i putzdown here, anyway. I don't see any
 ein 'it."» ‘ r
3fack*s thoughts then reverted to the revelation
his,,.employer’s rascality, in which Captain
Erant appeared to be hand-in-glove with him.
knowledge placed him -in a rather difficult
, tion'.: If hetold what he had discovered it
 ldaiinvolv-e his boss in ruin, and that would
"‘ the end of his ﬁne job. If he kept silent
e"'subject he would to a certain extentbe
~ Land abetting a piece of villainy. '
e hated to play the role of an informer,‘and
" eemed to be his duty to do so, and save
derwriters a-bigloss. He tried to argue
  underwriters were nothing to him, while
 lgxosswasea whole lot. Still, it was repugnant
’ yfeelings to wink-at a criminal act on the
undof self-interest. Mr. Sharpley, instead of
‘the fine, honorable man he had thought him
'é‘,'W’as a self-confessed swindler of marine

  

  

  

 
 

    

   

  

  

  

  
  
  
  

   

  
 

\I£~ ipennit the Morning Glory to go to sea,
ng that she is intended to be*lost, how wi
‘ ‘erisquare myself with my conscience?” Jack
d; ‘himself. “Suppose one or ’more ‘of the
ore should lose their lives through her wreck,
Téiiot be accountable in a way for their
5 #   '
»t at event, Jack felt that he would never be
,0 forgive himself forhis silence. By this
’ itgwas after ten o’clock_ and the boy was
gpretty hungry. Becoming sensible‘ of that
ck began to ﬁgure that morning must have
M , nd he entertained strong hopes of a speedy
ease from the hold. Time slipped by, however,
‘ here were no sounds at the trap above to
t atethe end ofhis conﬁnement. ~
,be' missing at the office .at this rate,” he
«:1 -disconsolately. “Whoever put me in

  
  

  

  

  
 

c2i‘n’t live on air, especially such stuffy
a down here. It beats me ‘what his object
do’n’t see ‘what he gained by it. It is

    
  
 

’ aused 'abruptly, for a solution of the
srddeuytﬁash

ed across hisbrain, The

 

' - 1' -~ . ,-   -3,,’ -'  3  Ki 

fortable, returned to the bottom of the hold,‘

eye? The bundle hesent me after may have only 

‘that, I'm to ‘be carried off ‘to sea to prevent me ~

rance ‘companies, so why should he shield

le ought to have sense enoughto know i

  
   
       
     
       
     
     
     
    
     
       
   

  

possibility‘ that -he ‘had hit -the-keynote of the-‘
situation’ struck "him cold with‘ apprehension. . 
a word, Jack hadat last hit upon the true".rnea'n-‘u r
ing of his imprisonment in the hold of the Morn-"’
ing Glory. It struck him that Mr. Sharpley, 
pecting, he had overheard the momentous con-
versation between himself and his fellow~con,-.>~ »
spirator, Dudley,» had made up his mind ‘that the‘
safety of all parties concerned in the ‘rascality: 
depended on silencing- the pi-esu.med— witness—---;
that is, getting him out of the way so that hes;
could not give out the knowledge he had probably‘
Etcquired. Everything seemed to point to‘ that
act.» , » ‘ ; ; i
v “Why did he. come down to the dock, unlessit "
was to consult with Captain Brant over the sit-;
uation‘.”’ thought Jack. “Wh did he bring me
alongin the hack, unless to keep me under his 

       
    
      
       
     
     
      
     
    
  

been an excuse to get me aboard the ship and
into the hands, of Captain Brant in an easy way. ‘
Who other than the captain‘ could havedone 
up in such a slick way on thepoop of the V68‘?
sel? And who else aboard had any reason for.’
doing it? That would account for my presence
here, a prisoner in the hold, and the inference is‘ .

  

fromigiving the ‘plot away.” . « '
m At that juncture there was a sound at the trap
above. Jaclrlooked up and saw the ﬂash of a. “
lantern. __ p p a p p ', ‘ J f
“_Below, there!" cried a voice that. Jack recoigqlv Z
nized as the captain’s. 
..“He110!” cried the boy, springing to the ladder .

   
  
      
      
     

and commencing’gQ‘aSr,;end. ._
The lantern began to descend and 'th it a
darléhiolijeﬁlt. .By,that time» Jack waslgalfwvay
UP» e, a . 81‘.-‘ V r I . - 
“Hold on there, -I_ am, coming up," shouted the,

       
  
 
         
     
     
         
     
     
     
       
  

oy. . ~ ,- v i ,_ .- -
“Go back, you young sculpin,” bellowed the
skipper. ‘ '

.“Why should I go back? . I want to‘ get. out." A
f“You’ll , get outwhen I get ready to let you,’.’~..
was the..harsh,reply.. ' ~ . - ' 1 _

“Why am I being kept a prisoner down hereZ’{ I
asked Jack, continuing to ascend, but more slowly,‘
“None of your business. ‘ Go back, d’ye hear,-
or I’ll drop something on your head that’ll hasten .
your movements.” - ~

I “This is an outrage. I ought’ to be at the onion
byghis tiime.ifhit’skinorning, as I1 guess ‘it  . k
sar onic c uc ewas we be . own 0 im. 2
luggfougll never see the office any more, you young.
er. - I e W 
His Words struck a chill to the boy’s heart.
“What do you mean?" heasked. , ~
th“V¥)hat, I said. You’re booked for a trip across‘
gwlfglgil [1'.r'v
“That's my business!’ - '
C “I don’1t3 see whyvylou islhould treat me this,way,; ”
a tain rant. at ave‘ done to you?’ X .
‘POh, _you know me, do you? '_You’ll know me ;
better in a day or two when we get into blue
water, I warrant you,’_’ retorted the skipper, save

  
     
     
      
        
  
 
   

    

   
   
       
  

agely. . , p. y , p .
The» lightedlantern. and Ia basket containing
iomi old provisions had halted closgto the 

 
   
  

  ‘want to know‘;  IV. am ‘beingtreated in
_t s way" persiste . Jack. V ‘
’ "‘Shut ’\1p and go down or you’ll wish you did,’
d’ye understand? Unship the lantern and take the
grub out of the basket. Make haste, for I don't
intend to stay here all day. You won’t hear any-

- thing more from me till tomorrow, so if you“ don't

want to starve you’ll do as I tell you.”
The lantern and the basket began to. descend
gain, and Jack, with a heavy heart followed
‘them down. Reaching the bottom he removed the

_ eatables from the basket and unshipped the lane
‘ te ’

rn.
 “Is the basket empty?” roared the captain.

' “Yes,” replied Jack, in a choked voice. ' V

' In another moment the basket disappeared in
the gloom overhead, and presently the ho heard
the trap close. He was alone once more, but he
had a light, which was some consolation. As he
was half famished he attacked the provender, of
which there was an ample supply. _ItVconsisted of
a_ dish of cold meat, part of a loaf of bread cut
in slices and buttered, nearly a pound of‘ soda’

crackers, a slice of meat pie, and a jug of water. .

Jack got awaywith half of the meat before he

 remembered that the captain said he wouldn't’

show up again till next day. However, V there
was more than enough bread and crackers to last
him for twenty-four hours, so hefﬁnished up on
them, and washed the meal. down "with a long
drink of water. V  l .
- “This ispretty ﬁerce," hejsaid, gazing in a dis-
heartened way at the candle in:.theVlantern., ‘‘I’m
‘to be carried to sea’ against my will because I've

learned too much abo,ut‘theV boss's business. It '

isn’t my fault that he made a rascalof himself,

nor have I anything to do with Captain _Brant .
, being mixed up in his schemes.

They’ll be able
to carry their project out,now, and cheat the

- insurance people out of another big sum. .They

forget, however, that I’m likely to get back some
time, and then I’ll make them’ sweat for their
‘crimes, ‘and, their treatment of me.” .

 Fortunately for his peace of mind Jack did not
Vreﬂect that it might be a part of the. plotters?
purpose that he should be so well disposed of that

A he never would get back to San Francisco to

bring them to justice.

CHAPTER VII.—-Jack Shows the Stuff’ I-Ie’s
. ' Made of. ‘
. Time passed slowly and .,drearily enough with
Jack in the hold of the Morning Glory. To vary
the monotony he climbed up the ladder and tried
the trap again, but it was as tight asever. Then

e walked up and’ down his prison until hewas.

tired of the exercise and sat down.
ackagainst the forward bulkhead he dropped

off to sleep, and remained dead to the world for

several hours. During that time a tug came

— alongside’ the vessel, her dock hawsers were un-

shipped, and she was towed out into the stream-,
where she came to anchor. Jack slept on un—
conscious of his change of base. When he woke
phe found that three-quarters of the candle in
‘the lanternihad burned away, and _he blew» the
light out to save the remnant. Night settled

_ownV?ov_er thecity and bay of Sa'n-Franciscog,

u

  the fog cairn ‘rolling,’ like esca

ing'st_eam/,'f1'.om the “Heads,.’.' but the

no knowledge of the fact. ‘V Day andmg
Weather or foul, were alike in the depths
gloomy hold, which might have sugg,
deepest dungeon in some old castle. , W ‘
dwell on Jack’s unenviable» position d 
next thirty.-six hours, at the end of -whit
the Morning Glory sailed from her‘ an or
tug taking her across the bar outside t »
when she spread her canvas to a fair '1) e’

-. started on her voyage across the Pacific

ward, toward Australia. ,
. Jack felt her get under way and his -last

hope that something might happen to f 91:

release vanished. ,.

“I’m booked for the trip,” he muttered
along lane that hasn't a turning.” ~ / ¢
. The ship was olf the Farallones, a, grim
islands about twenty-ﬁvemiles due .west Qf

Golden Gate, at-dark, and wasbowling. 1.1.1 11$

der all plain sail. At that time Jack in

At daylight next morning he was awaken

grip on his arm. Starting up he found

face to face with Captain’ Brant, whohel

lantern in one hand and a cocked revolve

other. ~ ’ ‘
“Now, you young sea cook, listen .,to

' begin with, we’re at sea, more than 'a

miles from ’Frisco. You’re thorough y
power, and if I chose to.blow your’,-‘hr
down here no one aboard would be the w‘
un‘[‘i‘eI1esst?’nr('ie?1;lied the boy i ' ‘
1, . - . ‘
, “I s’p‘se you're tired of staying“ 0,,
eh?” i
'“I am.” 7<

“Then it remains with you to say
you’ll stay here and starve, for I’ve. 'en3:«
down your last meal, or come Vup with 
the ship’s_ articles and turn to and ma ‘ "
useful as cabin boy.” V ' "

“I'll sign the articles and make my 1
I can’t help myself,” replied Jack. 

V “Of course you will,’ but there’s a co

::§Vhat is it?” b A ' .

our presence a we has got to, he-a
,for>so I’mvgo9ng to ‘give outrthat you’:
away. You must admitthat you are.
agree to do so?” V g A I

“I sup.pose'I’ll have\to do as you say,

“You will or stay down here andcroak

“I agree.” i ' l -,

‘‘l§ou’reI fnsiblef. Novxlrﬂif you go back,
wor or ear 0 you owing your
anything connectedwith this ship, you’
board to feedthe ﬁshes. Remember -I’1l
eyes on you. -' You’re not to. go for’ai-d, or
with the crew in any way. . D’ye underst

(KI do.” ' ' 

“,1 have a vacant stateroom in, the
you’ll bunk_ there. It is not the kind‘ ct’.
that a‘ cabin boy usually gets, but in_.,y
there are reasons, so you _see you’ll far’
is tche’ mates if you keep a still tongue an

ea . "i -4: . r ‘.

“What will I have to do?” . ' A

“Help the steward, make the beds 
keep the place neat and clean, and attén
other things as you may be called; ,

“Now that the ship has ‘sailed, "
tell me wh I*h” ee ‘-ki‘ 

7

    
   

_ ‘;at—’s"the' reason," replied the skipper ‘with a
hiftyrglint in his eye. V '_ ' '
’Eac‘k made mi zgaply,  hﬁ 'V|tI;aStﬁal31Sﬁed that
  '3::1f,nfol8lown$de.0 Pd: Zoilnug to say that I
' found you stowed away in the lazarette. : See that
yap don~’_1; try to make mte out a liar,” said the
 l1:z:retti::e!%t::idgJa(;xk?. “What’s that?”
‘."1Th‘e storeroom directly above here and under-
 the cabin. We’ll pass through it on our
way. ~
‘The’ captain led the way up, and Jack followed
m,ﬁ glad to escape from his prison pe_n.
“This is the lazarette,” said Captam.Brant,
vafterlthey had passed ‘through the trap, which
tIhfe,s§ipperbco\.;ered as before. “Now up with you
 e ea in. ’, .
’"7"1‘he morning‘ sun was shining athwart the sky-
light when Jack made his way into the cabin, and
sudden transition to daylight, the ﬁrst he had
'n’:for'two days, made him blink like an owl.
' ~aptain -Brant hailed the steward, and when
'Efia_t~"ersonage a peared, told _him that he had.
?list}&sco}\:er1ed 1;.teSharpley’s oﬂice’ boy stowed
awaysvin-t_ e azarev . v
“He has run away to sea, and as it’s_too late
1;.’him ashore I'm going to make him work his
 He’s'to‘ be cabin boy, and you can make as
b all use of him as"you want. Take charge of
now and set him to work.” ' . _
, Yoncan set the table for three to beg1n.w1th,?’
1 _,id‘,.;:he steward. _ “By the way, what's your
Mm?-‘. . ., . _ 
Jack .told him.
“Gome with me and I’ll showyou where every-
gmg_.is kept.” _
The boy followed him. and the skipper went on
deck:»- The. second mate was in charge of the
“a,»tc‘h, and Captain Brant told him about his
Q " "ng‘~ Jack in the lazarette. This story was.
"bsequently repeated to the chief mate’ when he
‘fe-to breakfast later on. Long before noon
_ ery ‘one aboard the ship had heard. about the
, supposed stowaway, and Jack was wise enough
‘  say anything that would throw a doubt
’ th

  

    
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
    
   
  
 
 

 
  
  
   
 
  
  
     
 
  

 
   

 

" ';rly’»easy berth, and he even began to enjoy
‘like novelty of his situation, almost forgetting the
W ';"that was in store for the ship. Jack had
fault to find with the treatment he received
 -the captain. The skipper kept a pretty
"” ‘ watch on» his movements at first, but ﬁnding
 the? boy was keeping his part of the bargain
1;hé'1etter, his scrutiny relaxed, and he assumed
A erably friendly attitude toward the lad. .
”j'e'ven began to entertain doubts as to J ack’s
owfledge of the plot in view to wreck the vessel.
;ﬁ.]."wouldn’t be surprised if Sharpley was wrong
'r"agll’.about Gale having overheard that con-
“tion in the card room," he told himself. - “I
' lame him, however, for not taking’ any
o,es=on, it. I’ll sound the boy by degrees, and
indications are that he is ignorant it Wlll
the from a crime, for it was my original
6 -to-see that he went down with the ship.

       
   
     

  

      
         
 
      
    
  

  

  

  
  

  

  
     
 

  

" ’ C nl)l;Il3‘.'I'. IN; SEA

.“I.:want a cabin boy and I took a fancy to you.’ V

quired his sea legs.

when the Morning Glory ran into a tremendous

‘hastened to make the fate of the vessel certain

is a limit to even the sailor’s endurance under

_reached by the crewof the ~Morning Glory. Had

but the suspicionprevailing thatthe Mornin ’
Glory was little better than a coiﬁn ship, they

,“Eight feet of water, cap’n, and the leak evidently»
,making fast.” ’

fcrew, who was regarded as a sort of leader by the

-no more." __
I V A The others quit with him and gathered about

    
 

       
   
  

Pdlrather not be responsible for his death if I
canravoid it.” '  
' Six weeks after leaving San Francisco the ship , 
passed to the windward of the Stiletto Islands, in, .» »'
the neighborhood of which the ribs of the Shenan- T
doah lay bleaching many fathoms down. ~
‘Of course Captain Brant hadno intention 0  »
losing two vessels at thesame spot, although. it . - 
was an ideal one for the purpose, as the coin- :
cidence would look somewhat suspicious. He had i '
«two or three other spots picked oil‘ on the chart , 
and noted down in his memorandum book where »:
the impending catastrophe could be pulled off’ xi;
nearly as well. _ 2 , ;
One of them was an island of the Fiji group—~ -' —— 
an uninhabited spot within easy reach by boat
of a missionary settlement. .The skipper favored .
-this place, as it would enable all hands to ‘get
away and reach shore and he hoped circumstances 1
would enable him to carry_out his plans there. g
The weather thus far had been fully in accord’
with the reputation of the Paciﬁc Ocean, with ~ f
the balance in favor of the ocean. There had .
been some dirty. weather, but it was of brief‘
duration. It was enough, though, to put Jack on
his back with sea-sickness. The attack lasted.
scarcely two days, and after that he rapidly ac ‘

 
  
    
  
   
    
     
  
   
    
   
    

An end abruptly came to the ﬁne weather}

gale after she passed south of the line. It lasted
three da s, and the atched-up craft came out of
it in ba shape. In eed at one time it looked as
if she‘ would founder without any assistance from,
the captain. ~ At any rate when the gale broke the}
carpenter reported that the water was gaining on .
the exhausted crew, and he feared she had sprung .
a plank in her bottom. This report would have,
brought joy to Captain Brant’s soul if they had '
been within easy reach of land. He would have ‘

‘by going down between the two bulkheads and
boring a few holes in the ship's skin to help the
good work‘ alpng. - '

, Their "position on the chart was not a desirable ,,
one, in the skipper’s estimation, for the ship to
giveup the ghost, so he kept his men plugging
away at the pumps in order to keep her aﬂoat,"
while he crowded on sail for thepoint he was .»
aiming at. . '

The men, having no relish for cutting loose.
in open boats as long as it could be avoided,
worked away with a will, though growing more‘
and more exhausted as the hours passed. There ,

      
       
   
      

strenuous conditions, and that limit was finally,

they been able to hold their own against the in,
road of the sea throng the crazy planking they
would doubtless have p rsevered a while longer,’

threw up the sponge when the carpenter reported '

  

“Eight feet of water, and the chain and sucker’
worn through,” cried a brawny member of ,th

   
       

others. “My hands are as raw as beef. I'll work

    

'5 to work, you lazy rascal.

 lbrawny chap, whose name was Sturgeon.

'~'li.h"e'1J'l1mpsVin‘a kind of sulky despair, for the ‘sea

_ "EWRS still running high, due uperhaps toithe les-
H-sened force of the wind which had ’previously«

ﬂattened the surges out,‘ and the prospect "was

 not at all cheerful. ' .
I  “You’re a nice hand to call yourself a sea-

man,” roared Captain Brant, glowering down
"on the man from the break" of the poop. “In-

;, fstead of setting the men a good example you

give up like a lubberly, skulking bully. Get back
And the rest of you,
turn to and save the ship.” _
“The ship ain’t worth savin’,” growled the
‘ usheys
-nothin’ but a coffin, as full of holes as a colan-
* der.” » 7’
.“How dare you talk back to me?” shoutedthe
skipper, who perceived that here was the ‘chance
to accumulate evidence to show the Board of Un-

.~ derwriters in San Francisco that every effort was
 ade to save the Morning Glory" from founder-

-‘-‘ ' _g. “Get to work, you rascals.” , y
‘I, “I don’t see no use, la_ds, in wearin’ the ﬂesh
{off our bones to do an impossibility. We can't

~ keep‘ this blamed old tub aﬂoat more’n a few
” ﬁhours longer.

She’s bound to sink afore dark,”
said Sturgeon, addressing his mates, and appar-
‘ently ignoring the captain’s words and presence
altogether. “Do you, my lads, any of you? Speak
out.
,.“No.sartainly not; and what's more, I won’t,”
..1peplied another. - . , A ‘
i There was a chorus of similar negativesfrom
the others, showing that they fully agreedwith
j»the,r_ingleader. Captain Brant turned to his sec-
iond mate and ordered him to bring up his re-
ivolvers, and also his own and the chief mate’s.
= The men heard him and" scowled darkly at the
‘poop deck. Jack Gale, who was in the pantry at

t ‘the time, heard the commotion, and came to the v
door to see what had caused the extra disturb-

‘ance. His first impression was that the vessel
7- was‘,going down and the men were tbout-to take
 the boats. He saw that the sailors had quit

pumping and were standing near" the pumps look-
~;_1ng as if they were in a bad humor. While he
was surveying them the carpenter sounded the
well and returning to the poop reported eight
and-a half feet of water. At that moment, the
gsecond mate returned with the weapons.

» “Now, you mutinous dogs, get back to the
.,pumps, every, man Jack of you, or I’ll make some
"of you turn up your toes in mighty short order!”

roared the skipper, pointing one of his revolvers

1,

- at the group.

The men hesitated, for they knew that Cap-
tain Brant was well withi nhis rightsn He was
responsible for the safety of the ship, and the
lives of those on board, and was the autocrat of

« his own actions. Sturgeon, however, was not one
of the yielding kind. When he saw that his
rnates were wavering he yelled:

“To the boats! To the boats! We’11 cut loose
from the blamed old hooker, and let the skipper

‘save her himself if he kin.” I

. He made a dash for the starboard side, fol-
Cidwed by several of the crew. The captain’s re-
Jolver acked and Sturgeon staggered and fell.
w«But he as up in a moment, with a streak of

(1 ‘ cross phisforeheadymvhere Lthe, bullethad ,

:4-DItIF!r‘§IN"iiTHJ§”sEiA‘

raised. a furrow. ..With."a.howl-' of "rd '

his case knife. and ‘started ‘for the,’ te
skipper ﬁred again, but missed him

was now‘ a scene‘ of indescribable conf

seamen grabbed marline spikes, an

that ca.m_.e handy and followed their _lea
captain and the mates ﬁred into the surgin
particularly‘ at Sturgeon, and two of the‘
fell wounded onvthe planks. The_ ringl
caped in some miraculous way, and had’

on the lower step‘ of the ladder, when Jatfk G
rushed forward, seized him by the arm that’ Ii
the knife and stopped‘ his progress,'j‘an“d
him the whole bunch. ’  

- “Stand back, men, 'are,you crazy?’,’<he_ T
“Stand back! Would you I'nurder'the~

and _oﬁ’-lcers? You’d all be hanged “for 2
you reached shore, if you ever did.’ The 3'
over and this ship has got to be saved. I’,m,

.a boy, but.you’ll have to ‘kill me before
‘up that ladder, Are you cowards ‘enough’
‘an unarmed boy?' Back, I say; bac

duty, and save the ship!" 
With ﬂashing eyes and heaving breas \.
stood between the‘ officers. and the half-m dd
men, any one of whom could have twis 
around their ﬁngers, while Sturgeon cmll

"crushed him with a blow, and xdefied."

pass him. .

‘ CHAPTER VIII.——Jack ‘Makes An. Ala ,

Discovery.

Sturgeon. was fairly paralyzed.at the,ner‘v,'e
the boy, and he_ stood and stared at him,
black look that would have cowed ,’mo,st  "
Jack, however,_was wound up to a high p
excitement, and seemed unconscious of the
he had so recklessly courted. The captain
oiﬁcers were amazed at the cabin boy’s'n
and hastened to take instant advantage 0
They rushedto the head of the steps and
ing down presented three revolvers point la
the men, within a yard of their hea ,
cooled the mutineers, and their rush "havmg‘
stopped short their chances of overpoweri
ofﬁcers were practically gone.

“Now, you rascals, ‘return to your duty!
dered Captain Brant.

The men began to give way, and, Sturg'e_ ,
ing that the game was up, gave up theﬁgh
grabbed Jack, however, and dragged 111
with him. I. ~  .

“Let that boy go!" roared the skipper,’ co
the ring-leader. , . -. ~

With an imprecation the seaman threw‘
from him and retired to the pumps whér
hands resumed work in a half-hearted way.
seeing that there was no further call for
services, retreated to the pantry, where, If
praised by the steward whophad witnes
plucky action. ” ,

“You saved a ‘lot "of bloodshed, my la

' “Those men were wound

of time. It’s a wonder Sturgeon didn’tkn
though, for he’s a ﬁerce rooster when his"
18 up. , . . ’

.“ _e, looks it," replied l Jack,

      
      

  y   ;     IN: iTI4Iil"SlEA     

1'}: as  tlie ship was ngtizi imminent peril of too, wifed he was out of her. Sturgeon»hadn?t"
‘g" o ' e. ot om in as or time. . more t an to d the .truth when he called her‘/a
I1don=’t see how you had the courage to stop cofﬁn ship, though he did not know how bad the-,
trash," said thesteward in a tone of admira- vessel really was. Among the crew was a ﬁne,
_ _ “You’re a brave boy, and the skipper will strapping young fellow named SamvEllis. He was
do ht report you favorably to the owner.” about a year older than Jack. Gale wouldfhave‘
\ ck made no reply. He knew that Captain liked to get friendly ‘with him, but the skipper’s
nt.-was not likely to do any such thing. Fol~ orders were against it. Still they got acquainted’
‘ g the instructions -of the captain, the car— just the samie, and occasionally swapped a few
teriwent below with a sailor‘ on a tour of m- words. Sam hadn’t taken any part in the short
' i}onV,f aﬁid discovered the main cause of the mutiny, and he ‘was an eye-witness of. Jack’s:
m? 0 1; ewater.‘ , , , . . .. - courageous act: V » ’ pi.
Plahkvhad Started below the water lines and ‘1‘The result of that was ‘Jack rose high in his
.$e3“W35 Pohrihg ih»~3t—a great 1'ato- Ho 511°‘ estimatiom Indeed Sturgeon and the entire crew» '
" [Patching the hreak “P t0 3 Considerable" "after matters had ’quieted down began to fe l
 hdfh‘. Phlggihg oth“<1'~vho1oS4'.'Afto1'. that lot of respect and admiration for the cabin‘ y"-
hhooh ‘With two Pumhsv Working 1h‘ re1iefs.0f.1  True courage is ‘always appreciated’ even i
» Wore ‘ah‘1€~t.o~ ‘hold their owh against the among‘ rascals of a low tYP€ ‘and the C1'eVV"VOfvt it
h §Ih- those days Steam Pumps had’ mt been Morning Glory were neither hetter nor worse than
T3113’ h191‘o‘h1oed'°11 ShiPS; .50 that thosafoty , the average sailor. On the second evening’ f
95.591 that Sprahg 3 leak in‘ mid'°oo3-hxyorl lowing the outbreak Jack was on‘. the poop wh
“Where? depended Wholly oh* the muscles o'+‘ the. .Sam relieved’ the manfat the wheel and thetwo
 he rhsult was that when the. moh Wore ' boys. got into.‘ conversation. The '.captain w
 'ohttho'Pen1 of fouhdelflhg was Very great’ below in his stateroom and Jack feeling -that‘
By ark the wind had subsided to_'a.fair.:b_reeze; he stood in good favor vgith. the oﬂ~1’cers venturéd
3,» 'h9-dxgoho down Somewhat: and the orow to hang’ around Sam longer than he’otherWiSe~\
aihﬁd »h31f~ 3 foot of Wateh The ‘Skipper r would have dared to do. As a consequence by the
‘.393 lthem “P °°°aSi‘.’n‘f‘l.]y “Cith 3 Stiff r°.*md of time Sam’s trick at the wheel was up he a 3'
ts,'and no more signs of insubordination ap— . Jack were on a veryfriendly footing Thisxf
ed I-amohg them‘ The co-Ptalh aha mates ing continued to increase during the next three
A 6'34 ~3.1m91'!E' themselves that -I 301‘ G319 .“.'35”3- days, by which time the vessel was almost free ‘
kyzboy, and had saved them no end. of trouble, Waten Although the Skipper saw the boys ta

ossibly their lives. The two wounded sailors - ~ 1: th - -
é, ‘ emoved to their bunks in the forecastle, a‘nd E,%m°E,i 1-Er several tunes he. did not can '18’

“Ended to _by the Skipper as best he knew * Atdlength Caiptain Brant noted that the ‘shiplf
‘t er was fatally hurt» but there was some Ellind§3"€é“§eti1§S€h§°M$~'i.i§é“'éio§‘§Z’fJ{§“°i‘~n’§‘§
‘from blood Poisomhgv as the captain was noon when the second mate made the obserirationi
xperienced enough’ i? ‘robe for and romove. with the instrument and proceeded to calculate
now‘ All‘ that mg t.a“d an ‘text day the ship’s position, he made a mistake in bi
1h’ B1-‘ant Crowded oh 5.311» ahdohrlhg that ﬁguringa and picked their position at the wro
       
_ , . . . - ‘ e ma s’ wo
vogpthm Brant W315 mt am"°uS to get an the culate how farrthevvgessshlrdvhctildIihfhebyemidhiéht
91' out’-of the .5h1P- Ah he really -=ared,W.§1s ' if the wind maintained its present weight which '
.1’ thocvossel aﬂ°at1°“g.°“°ugh 5° get “’_1th1h was likely. He found and marked off tho place‘
V Whig‘ distance of the 1513-ho he had P}ok,od where the ship ought to be. A clear sea wi lo
5 good one to reach‘ The carpenter S 1.h' Sago -Island, an uninhabitedbit of land boating’
_«1,gat1ons below demonstrated to hlS own sat1s- ﬁfteen miles on the port quarter and» the big,
'01! that the Morning G101'Y Wasn't the Vossol island he intended the boats to make for‘ twenty!‘
cl been cracked up to be. He was surprised miles OE the Starboard b0ws_ Owing to ﬁfe matgsﬁ
5110.11 3 Craft Should he 59"‘ oh ?« long V0Y9~ge error the skipper’s calculations were bound to be
>3 Wihlﬁble Cargo by 3 Sh1PP1h8 a house 35 wrong. The ship would beclose aboard of'Sag'o
V ctable and well thought of as Geo. Sharpley %S1a]gd aft t,},l,id,11jg},t_ ‘ﬁnd 3111 flag thirt3§fiVebmi1.%’,.
_” _~ ‘. .o eargeisan. ewea er ean
 places her timbers were so rotten that to look threatening at dark, and the wind dropgef
‘ t l 1 d th d t d h ’ ‘ i
the .1:::.:*g*:1:*:: in snazzy 2:2: t ** :0bsn:*;iei:ai1:s£:::r;“sBmtW °“ W
' Va. mercy that she didn't go plumb, to the Th - d i - ‘ ‘ ‘ ~ y 7» 
.111 me a stone,” he somoquszed. "1 wish I loss 5% ‘$1?u"2i§hit§ihZZf’if§’nf§a§i§h‘é“13Ji3£§‘lai3w
autof her.« I... hate to think what’s..liable‘ to not cut much ‘ice with him ‘as the’ bammétei,
‘if ahothor gale like the 13-St hits “'5 ho‘ showed no signs of a dangerous fall‘ Returning?’
69 her? and M‘hhoh1'ho-’’ ‘ y i to the cabin, which was empty, he pulled up the 1
e arpenter‘ reported the state. of affairs to trap communicating with the lazarette, descended?
n Brant, andthe skipper pretendedgto bei V and shut it down after him. He was not awhr“
concerned about the condition of the ship. that his movements were observed by Jack‘Gale
‘ sisted that the carpenter had magnified l «. J ack' was in his stateroom at the time ‘a
_  txl‘1o;.1ghJth§ 11111311 golelmnclyhassured, htlm Soléleithlllgg irénpelled him to open his door sligh
h»a»_o. ac ear wa ecarpener an 00 ou. m M ,-» e, :
"d he knew that he had truly lrepresented __ "fNow .1 wondepwhag Captain .3,-ant is ‘go ‘-
was s. lugship was rotten andihe. ‘into ‘tlieﬂrlaaarette ioi-3?’ hep.a51;ed his

  
          
     
   
  

    

  

  

    
 
  

   
         
     
     
   
 

  
     
     
     
 
      

  

   
     
    
   
     
    
    

  
  
 
   
 
  

   
   

        
     
     
   
   

  

  

   
  
         
     
  
  
  
 

  

   
  
   
   
    
      

       
      
     
       
   
  
  
 
   

   
   
  
  
   
   

   
        
   
     
        
    
 
 
  

 
   

  
 

    
      
   
 

  
 
  

 . ‘tions.

Aijnirr.  ‘maul ’,s’i1Ai * ’

urse he has the right to go there when he
chooses, but I don’t see any reason for him going
at-this hour.”
" The strenuous efforts made by the skipper to
save the ship from foundering directly after the
‘gale had deceived the boy as to his real inten-
He began to believe that Captain Brant
had decided not to lose the vessel -after all. In
i Vonversation with Sam Ellis he hsked the lad
hat the space between the two bulkheads under
the lazarette was intended for. Sam told him

~'—that there was no such place aboard any ship,
and Jack was afraid to explain to him that he had
1 personal experience with such a vacant enclosure

onthe Morning Glory. After thinking the matter

1 over he came to the conclusion that the space

 been built for some secret purpose, and that
' ust be the wrecking of e ship. So when he

i saw the captain entering the lazarette at such an

d hour he began to have his suspicions that all

To satisf himself he determined to take the
L of pee ing down into the storeroom to see
hat the skipper was‘ about. Crossing the cabin

, in his stockingfeet he gently ‘lifted the trap a

I uple of inches and surveyed the place. He saw
ptain Brant in the act of descending through
the second trap into the space between the two
bulkheads. That satisﬁed him that all was not

g t. The captain pulled the trap down after.

v which left the lazarette in- darkness.

‘After waiting a few minutes Jack descended
nto the storeroom himself and opened the second
trap. Lo.oking down he saw the skip-per below
ﬂashing the lantern along one side of the vessel,
near .the bottom. Putting down the light, he
picked up a big auger and began to bore a hole

‘ght through the planking of the vessel. He

arted a second one before Jack woke up to the
realrmeaning of his work.

.“He’s letting in the water and means" to sink
the vessel now,” breathed thestartled boy. “What
shall I‘do?” ‘ -

I He felt that it was his duty to call the atten-
on of everybody on the ship to their danger,
but that necessarily would expose the captain as
a‘villain. Well, why should he shield the skipper
under the circumstances? »’

First of all he decided to call Sam Ellis. In"

fact, he would bring him there and let him see
with his own eyes what all hands were up against.
He left the storeroom in a hurry and made his
way to the forecastle where Sam was asleep. '
J “Sam, Sam, rouse up!” he called to his new
friend. _ . V 1 K
Sam was awake in a moment.

V f“What is the matter? Is the watch out?
it’s you, _Jack!
sailor.

‘ “-Get into your clothes, quick, and come out on
' eck,” replied Jack, in a to e of suppressed ex-
eitement, that told Sam tha something unusual
was on the ta is.
M Sam obeyed and they were soon on the roof of

Oh,

Now tell me what is wrong,” said’ Sam. ,

The captain is boring holes in the stern of the
_p to sink her,” said ack. . ' ‘
»‘'Get'out, you’re dreaming,” replied Sam, in-

ulously. , . L y .  . .
' e and I’ll prove it.to you.—”§ 1;

1 . ders.

What’s up?” asked the young -

Jack dragged“Sam «across the deck?a
cabin. Lifting the'trap of the lazarétte,
“Follow’me down.” .
Sam, full of wonder, did so. _ . ,
‘‘Do you see this trap?” asked Jack, ﬂa‘ V

' match.

Before Sam could answer in the aﬂirm
the trap ﬂew back, an arm and a lantern
peared, and then Captain Brant’s-head’ an sh
It would be hard to say which party’
most taken by surprise Jack and Sam, or
per of the Morning Glory. ,

CHAPTER I‘XV.—-Loss of the Morning

As the two boys gazed at the face of the. .
per the latter returned their stare and th .
a deep imprecation rose out of the’ hlol
the trap fall back into its place. - A

“What are you doing here?” he ’demande"cl,
ing as black as a thunder—gust. 

“I heard a noise down here and came
what it was,”_ replied Jack, in some confu ‘ n.

“Oh,_ you did,” sneered the captain. “What
you bring company with you for? ‘Afraid
ture alone in the dark?” ~ '

J ack didn’t know what answer to make, to

“Don’t you know you have no right‘a '
except when you’re called to stand your trfic
ﬁg wheel?” roared Captah? Brant, glaring‘

is. I '

“Yes, sir,” replied Sam, in an embarrassed

“Then why are you down in the lazare‘?

“I came to back u Jack,” he replied 4

The skipper’s eyes*ﬂashed savagely.‘

“Very well,” he hissed, “you’ll both r .
here ‘till I let you out, and that won’t be; soon,
added with a wicked look. " _ - ‘<

He strode to the short steps leading 0
storeroom, pushed up the trap, made his w
the cabin and shut the trap down. Goin
his stateroom he brought put a heavy weigig
placed it on top of the trap to hold it do.

“Now stay there, you young sculpinsg"
tered. “It is clear you know too much
good. You shall, go to the bottom with the
Dead boys tell no tales.” ' \ 

The handles of the pumps werekept in (the;
penter’s room._ The carpenter, whopdid not
to either watch, was asleep. The skip e
removedthem without awakening him aild
them away under his bunk. Then he walk
deck, to await results. I The night was dark,
caves of Erebus. Unknown to any oneva
and owing to the second mate’s error inhis
calculations,” the ship was heading str,
Sago Island. The wind had freshened ‘wit
last half hour and was now blowing a sma
which sent the vessel tearing along on her ’

Judging from the looks of the baromete
not promise to be of_ long duration, and th
cally captain had no fear that hisstanchk
would not easily ride it out. In the meanti
fared matters with Jack and Sam dowirtlr
room? a . j xi

‘:We’re in a nice pickle,” said the‘1Ll
the skipper disappeared up the laddebal
the trap upon ‘them. . ~ ; _(

“All hands are in a worse one,” r‘
.“,‘What do youpmean?” I i  " “

   ’ ADRIFT«iN«THE gm V

nd then those in one boat believed-they were
‘ theother. The captain alone knew where they
are, and though he shrankfrom committing a
"methat amounted. to murder, he felt that the
afety’ of himself and his fellow plotters de-
ended on the death of the lads, and so he stiﬂed
‘ stings of his conscience, and the boats kept
, a. .few. hundred yards apart, headed for the‘
arest inhabited island, thirty-ﬁve miles away.

(CI-IAPTER X.-—,-:()n'-~_Sago_Islan_d.‘, W. q 7
'rijie'7s'uii washigh in the heavens when Jajci;
.reco,vered_his senses.‘  ' ”  ' 7 ' ‘ I
atin-ally he was -somew-hat..'d'azed-aftezgthe

king uprhe _had received. -A ‘ — I
t_‘wasn’t"lo‘ng ‘ before he '.realized' that ‘some-
g had "happened to the‘ ship.‘-v He.could- feel
at‘ she.‘ was ‘no. longer. huii_iiiiing_-through the
Ee1as,", , ‘and plunging. to.the sharp surges,
‘teas stationary as a house ashore. He heard
the waves beating» against herstern, ‘but with
i)’ great. force. _ .There could be only one con-
n, and that was the ship was ashore some-i_
.-" No’ sound ‘came from ~-the’ cabin above.
,essel was as silent asthough not a soul, was
rd of her. * _ p , _
ack nextrbecame conscious of the fact that he
hemmed in by boxes and bags, part of the
contents of the’ storeroom, and; putting out his.
‘and, felt the head and upper body of his friend
am Ellis lying across him. ‘ ’ ' . " '
Getting his hand inhis pocket he pulled out a
" and lit it; The lazarette was a scene~of_
greatest confusion, and was tilted at an angle
, orty.-ﬁve degrees. ‘ p ’
‘Sam, Sam,” he cried, shaking the young sailor,

e regular breathing showed that he was far‘

, »being a dead boy, though there was no say-
ng what injuries, he-had sustained by the mix-
 in, however, showed "no disposition to move.
e’s‘, still unconscious,” muttered Jack.

There's a bag or two across his legs.. ‘I hope
none of his bones arebroken. The ship instead

going to the bottom had gone ashore. That’s

ky for us. I wonder" how long we’Ve been
itnocked out, and what the ofﬁcersand crew are

“doing?”

Jack let the burned match drop and then pro-
ceeded to extricate himself from the mass of
res, that formed a Barricade aboutthem both.
g.Asxsoon as he gained his feet he lit another
-tch and saw a lantern swinging from the
gelling. It had a fresh candle in it which he
lighted. Then he removed the bags from Sam’s
hubs and pulled his friend c1ear_of the debris.
ﬁain uttered a sigh and opened his eyes.
{Where am I?” he asked.
5'We’re still in the lazarettef’ ‘ -
«‘What in thunder happened?” he inquired,
mbling on his legs, which he began to rub as

‘The ship has gone ashore.” \
‘Gone ashorel”. cried Sam; in astonishment. .,
‘Yes; you_don’t feel her moving, do you?” _
‘ atfs so.’ We must have hit one of the .Fiji»
Well, that’s better than going to Davy
‘ ocker. Gee! My legsare sore.”
Let? the stiiif in here ‘fell on y
  "from h hole.”

»thT0“7I1 aé‘3iIl_$t,' _1§_he* "side '.of» the‘ cabin;

1 ‘I ju,S.t‘ .~

“T_lianks, old chap. We got a pretty i _
shaking up. Were you knocked out; too, or d
yo‘1‘1I escapedwhat I dgot?":’ V H _ i j 
_ was own an on as we as you. ‘

Just gotmy senses back.” . - 
 WO)'l1<(1ie1;th€V¥1 long ago this thing happens
::W(eo;u:t tr; aifdnget out of this place.’’.'

.« . _.Nothing would please me better, but the ca

‘gang securid the trap, you remember, so‘ it's-

_o. e- a ._jo toget out. . If we had a hatch‘

could‘ cut our way out,‘ but I don’t see an th

down here. that will help us any.” , . - I _
thsaihe looked around’ also, and then ‘h an
es _ . p ‘ '

force t e t1jap.‘.,; ﬁe. puthis‘ shoulvdéra '

and to his surprise it yieldéd'rea'dily.‘ ' '

which. the captain had .placed . on. it ’h

. . .. ,. .. couple

yards ‘away-   , p 

, “Hurrah!-.” 's’h‘outeti' Sam. “The ‘way i”
Come bn.’f .’ I " ‘,‘;_«v

He’, spran‘g"‘oiit on the slanting ﬂoor (1 «th
cazhliné -ia.nd_Jia1ck, hash‘ n<i{.tirﬁe‘i1}i) “fol1§>wi__n

eieve _fe'o ‘ oo er‘ as’ efenf eser j —
all hands,” sa1d»Sam,€lookingw up the coi‘npani_

Way, and ‘then ou.t—_thro,ugh. the passage’ ‘

the cabin, the door of which was open,’ affo

a limited View-of the deck in the sunligh " l

‘ “Let’s make sure,”,rep‘l,ied Jack.  .

thThey moiﬁited the." clompanion stahilirs and ‘g N
9 p00D- i. . sing e g ance wassu‘ cientjto how

that, besicles. themselves, there was not 

. of life on board. ' ;

. » ‘»‘We are alone on the wreck,” said Sam, “‘
the ship has been cast upon one of the is"
islands in these seas. ’ V *
¥i.1ck mliddgd and llooked curiously about -~
e is an was ittle*-ibetter' than a» mass
sterile rock.’ Through somestrange 
ship had landed upon the only -placewherl
could have escaped total destruction-—-a‘ Ian
tween two spurs of rock, that held her par H
upright as if in_ a slightly loosened ‘visek V
hfrt stern was in-the water, and not much
' a . ~ ‘ » V.
“She’s'good for_ many a day here,”.said ’
“The first gale will break up‘ the stem in
butthe waves will never be able to hurt the
of _her rotten timbers. Look atthem, ‘howthe
split and bulged out. It's a wonder she "
after that three days’ gale we went. throu
the ’Frisco underwriters could see her nowt
h'aVff something to thlélk about.” d . ‘-'~
’we are rescue soon, an et :.
‘Frisco there is no reason why they vgouldnit’
some inspector out here to examineher“
vestigate, the character of the cargo in th
hold, since you say she's good to ,remain
for some time,” replied Jack. v ; '
“That's right. The skipper and own ' we
‘then be up /against it hard.” v  '
v“They deserve to get all that’s coming toth
particularly _Captain Brant, forhe tried 5.1:’ W
derus shutting us up in the lazaiette, after,
lng holes in the ‘bottom of the vessel _to§sinl;.~
I guess he didn’t calculate'on running her

'island or he wouldn’t have tried to scuttle

“‘She must‘ have been out of ‘her c
pl1ed..Sam. .,  , , .,  ‘
“Well, I'm; /hungry. hLet’_s get, em

eat,” aidﬁack.

    
   

here ‘was no lack or stuifto eat on ‘board of
, wreck, asithe lazarette-‘ wasfull of provisions,
though most of it required cooking. ‘ “ >

  

  

pantry and galley, which furnished them with
‘enough for the short» run they had before them.
i The boys made a meal oif crackers and canned
tineat they found, in the storeroom and then took
their seats on the poop to consider whatthey
. uld; do about getting away- from the island. .
‘ Wemay have to wait here sometime before
vessel comes close enough to notice our signals
and take us off,” said-Sam.
:5‘-»:¥‘But we’ve got to stay here, for» there aren't
Ray boats left that will swim,” rgplied Jack.
-“_v‘:‘What’s the matter with b ' ding a. raft?”
‘hug ested the young sailor. l
«“— e. might do that;_‘but it won’t sail.”
, ~.".We’ll rig a spar fora mast, ﬁx a smaller spar
._1or.a yard and put canvas on it. There is plenty
aailcloth aboard.” ’ <
4 } ‘‘S’pose we were caught in a storm after we
raft wouldn’t sink in any storm. It would
,like a» chip. We'll rig lines ongit so that we
drﬂt ‘beiwashed oil‘, and tie the rovision boxes
. ‘ so they can’t get away. e can‘take' our
e- building it in a substantial way, for the
weather looks as if'it~'s likely to hold ﬁne for
‘some time.” _ . . » .
’ Jaicklfell in'W1t.h Sam’s plan, and they started
‘ make the raft right away. They found all the
atools they needed for the .work in the carpenter’s
' ‘est, and they fell to with a will. .
. The makingsof the raft furnished theinwith
occupation, too, which kept up their spirits. It
‘was’ no easy job to prepare the foundation of their
'-‘unwieldy craft, for they had to saw the heavy
rs-into suitable lengths and drag them to the
ter astern. The sea was still too rough for
/ in to launch their spars overboard, so they
in the rest of the day preparing their ma-

  

  

  
    
      

 

  

  

     
     
       
 
     
   
   
  

r . I i i
‘lnffact, they spent_ the whole of the next day
; o’ this way, and it was not till the second
 orriing, by that time the‘ ocean was quite calm,
. ’ ‘t they began putting the raft together.
' ‘Altogether it occupied them a- week, working
» tty-hard, to complete their‘ craft, and then
“ey had a solid—looking affair, with a well-
1'ac‘ed mast and yard, to which a good-sized
T are sail was attached. I
. hey carpeted the planking with sailcloth, and
 the center, near the mast, they piled enough
sof canned provisions, bags of crackers, and
'keg's of water, that they calculated would
,4 “them a ood while, They enveloped their
 rovisions wit a covering of sailcloth, to keep
,  dry, The boxes were so arranged that
' re was room for them to crawl under the sail-
..&oth7and stretch out on a double mattress they
‘ aced in there. 
'Alt ether they were ’quite proud of the raft
henoﬁiey viewed it in its complete sha ‘e, ready
put oif from the island. They waite till sun-
qise next morning and then, with the help of a.
" play of oles, shoved off from shore, where the
ht;win_d’ caught their ‘sail and the rude craft
'nVto move through the water at a slowwate.
boys shouted with satisfaction, and noted
compass they had taken from the binnacle

r

     
     
   

   
 

    

  

, '-7.

   

" 

‘hey foundthatthe‘ crew had ‘cleaned out the i

' raft.” -

.,.land while they slept.

   
   
     
        
   

2-‘ I-fvthe wind changed they couldn’t, keep-toylthah
~.co%rse, for-there was no ymeansof ‘guiding’ T
ra . '2‘ * I w-_.\_» _.

They were at .the mercy of the wind and tide}:
and -must go wherever they were carried-.  . ’

 

      
    
     

0 Me

_‘‘As we are somewhere near other islands 
this group we ought to come in sight of one 
tomorrow morning at any rate,” said Sam._ 

‘ Suppose we do ‘sight an island it won’t do'u“s;
much good unless it’s dead ahead, or nearlyvso,’..’
replied Jack. “We .can’t alter our course tois
‘our wishes. That is the great drawback,’ ‘

     
   
   

      
    

  5??’ :2 as °1m=°m..,..l

one o e. ig is an o s n

on shore, who would come to 3:111‘ r¥3scu:.’?' 

; “But.m'ost,of‘ the apeopleare natives»; and

doesn’t follow we sh 1 find them friendly» team.

Tlielslandsfwere once known for  an

In a i incts 0 their inhab't t . Th 

\.to cook, and eat. every white,p:e1-gins who :31}. '
thﬁlcirhhanciisyt d th t b‘ " 11 iﬁeym
ey on’ o a anymo - t ti ’

nglt all tgﬁndlytﬁo sl1:ragigerfsTe’W:’_§e:egot'a ' ,

Vere W1.peny’o cartri s so-'.
ought to be’ able. to protect ourselves, unless-wan
run against a. mob.” -

b “{{ltigp1e‘ we’llbh£ave good luck. IC’:d ‘lace gg;
ac risco e ore or as soon as ‘ t ‘
etc; there. I want to make it hot f:rpliii1h1,”.«‘r
ac . V 

“I’m afraid you won’t, for he and the or,’
have the advantage of boats.
lass i1')eached one of the big islands long be
is, ut their stay on the island will depend
circumstances. _The_ captain knew the loca
of the island best suited to his purpose, and
able to steer direct for it. We don’t know}
position of any of the islands, and even if we‘
we couldn’t go there unless the drift ofv’-.%
oceﬁlili ceirried  f ’
e oys ta» 0 so t‘ h t ‘Z
prospects and then fecallingnllitiinglige pioggededég.
sample their provisions. » «
Tha afternoon they saw land to the west,A<bu'1E
it w a lon distance off. Just before sun“
they saw a. s ip crossing their course, but
‘ vanished in the gloom of evening long before they
get anywhere near her. Next morning, th‘
sighted another island ahead, but the tide
ried them away from it, and they eventu"
passed it milesraway. Tﬂey drifted past oaie Isa:
was a a - ‘ ’
and inhabited, _but they never knewlrlisdzre cl?
they were to ityat one time. In the morning ’ ,.
was a. mi e awa astern. That was the last-lam’?
,‘they_saw for two weeks, and Sam said he; ‘
afraid they had passed away from the Fiji group
and were ﬂoating aimlessly about on a ‘
fgigtée where they wouldn’t_ meet with, any
“Then we'll have to depend on be’ ' ‘ ?
by“some shi ,” said Jack. «  pick
t i _That’s a out the size of it,” replied the y
sailor: , _ _ v . ,
ﬁmwillvcanir provisions hold mit—aur;‘water

   
 
 
 
 
  

  
   
    
    
    

       
     
          
       
   
       

      
      

   
  
  

      
    
       

   
  
       
      
     
  

   

  
  
    
 
  

      
        
 

   

  ' ‘ot enough stuﬁ . to-last us three
onths, an it’s bound to rain often during that
tiine so that we can ﬁll our casks with a fresh

ghis conversation was carried on soon after
sunrise one morning. The situation by this time
lézlrd go;‘to1l1)edd‘1:ieadfully niorliotlonious. The ﬁrs;
mg‘- ey a one was 0 oo -~ or asai -any
eeing none they sat down to breakfast and be-
gan to talk. They had ﬁnished their meal and
egg. giazing listlesslly actress the ocean when Sam
, en y sprang to is eet. ~
.»‘‘‘I see something ” he .cried.
“What do ou see?” asked Jack, with interest.
f‘It ‘looks li e a tree growing out of the water.”
“:;1Then wewrnust be drawing near a low island.
» ere is 1 . p ‘ * A '
.’Sam pointed dead ahead and Jack saw the
arching lelaveis of the tree quite (plain. Bgly Elev:
‘agrees 1: e ree grew more an more is inc
to their vision; ' ' ~
’ ‘flit’? on“a[tlow islandor treef,,”’ said Sam, after
vz i e. ' s a cocoanut ree. ‘ -
’.“Strange.. that there wouldn’t be more than
lmeitree. It must be_ a mightysmall place," said

,“‘—It, probably is. I've seen a cocoanut tree grow-
mg out of the water, where there was no land to
 seen}; . . /V , . ' x
’:}‘‘You have?” cried Jack, in some surprise.
~ . ‘It sprouted ona submerged» reef, ‘and
, die! 3 good landmark for a ship to give ‘a wide

How did the seed -get there to sprout?”
Iust as yonder one did——ﬂoated there from

‘xnendistant island where there were lots of

:"St’1;_ange things’-happen in this world, don’t

,‘- et your life they-do," noddedisam.

In the course of another hour, they-saw low-
living land‘, ,a part of it covered with vegetation,
gandgwhat interested them most was a fair—sized
but standing not far from the tree.

“Somebody must have been wrecked on" that
w'ﬁ,""’said Sam, “otherwise thehut wouldn't be

ere.

ffwhoever it was has probably been rescued or 2

ed there, for I don’t see anyone.”

‘‘ ‘‘,‘Ma'ybe several persons were wrecked here,
and it is possible they are in the hut, or sitting

girfthg other side of it, that's why we don’t see‘

__ “If. there are any men there they should have
seen us before this, and shown themselves in the
ope of being taken off.” , _
“Well, we’ll‘soon know if there is any one on
the reef, for we are drifting straight for it. The
' advantage the reef will be to us is that.it

will probably be able to secure a supply of shell-
ﬁsh‘, which, as we’ve matches, we can cook and
'tld.variety to our bi1l_of fare.” _ _ _ A
“That will be ﬁne,” said Jack, licking his lips
in‘ anticipation of the possible treat.
"'. The wind which had wafted their craft toward
the... reef began todrop, and their progress be-
came slower. They began to fear that the drift
' - ‘he tide would carry themaway from-the land,

ithev Vnqn fnund‘.t.hn.t_1f.he.t.Id9. was saftinz.

upraised club.

v ,4

even if the wind died awayaltogether. , , ,

The reef had evidently been there, for 'a.gite,a’,t7
many years, and was probably of coral ﬁforin
tion, for it was plentifully sprinkled with vege
tation. .' ’
_ Jack wondered why more trees hadn’ti't'ak

for the reef ‘and would, take them there_ 

root there, for it seemed a likely spot for them

togrow. V ,
‘§Looks like a poor spot to be wrecked on,”.h
said. “It seems to be mighty shy of anything
in the eating line. I'm afraid we mayﬁnd ’
corpse or two in the hut when we take a ‘class
look into it."‘ ,  ' '

“I shouldn’t be surprised. Shellﬁsh is .abo1,$
the only likely thing to be found there, andithait
is poor nourishment .as a steady diet,"-' repliégi

am. . .. , . ,
' At‘ last the raft ﬂoated into ,a.kind. of sh ,
tered curve. in the, reef,. and the boys sprang
ashore, Sam with a rope in his handto secu‘
their craftto the shor . _ . 
The only thing available as a hitching‘,pI.7ast
was the.‘ solitary cocoan'ut' tree‘_which.grew iv‘
in a couple of yards of the water. Sam madésighe

.line fast to the base of the tree with»a..sail¢t2’:"iI

knot that was sure. to hold. While herwas do’
it Jack cut a few capers on the'.ground,..and;‘~ 

out a wild whoop,,exp‘ressive :of.his joy atjf ,_ 

The whoo produ

ing the land once more.
gaunt ~loo"n'g*~ V

unexpected results. ' ‘Two.

suddenly appeared at the door of the hut. ,

th“IiI1el!lo’l” cried Jack,

e u . - . , H , ;_

‘ “BK George, you're ri ’ t!_” responded Sam
“T ey’re pretty hard-_ ooking chaps.

“there are two men

-me in mind of the trampsl used to seein N 

County.” _ . , .

“If the ’ve been long on this reef I don’t,,won.'
der they ook like scarecrows,” replied Sam. fflfll
bet theyfre glad to see us.” .

“If they aﬁrevthey don’t block it.”

As the'boys started to advanée the  ‘

One had a club and the othera r’ y‘

-sprang from -the hut~with wild cries, seemingﬁ’
all;

of rage.

‘ver in his hand. These they waved menacing

they rushed at the 3£<n’:ing'ﬁt(rian}gl,'ers. , . _
G“ °** L°"e“¥:: ;..z:.:. :..:.*:.%"Y:'::’*
no part of it.” '

CHAPT-ER XII.—The ,Treacher’ousf 

The boys were rather staggered by the ﬁe

vtion they were receiving from the castawa

the reef. They thought the men must be~;'_'¢§!' ’
made so probably by the suffering they had’

through. The reference to a treasure‘made§j

the man with the club_ seemed to be ‘ ‘psitive
Eroof of his unsound mind, for how co d t

e any treasure onthat lo_ne reef? ;_Sjazn
Jack not relishing the belligerent-attitude,
mid looléton the faces of the men, backedvto

eir ra . ‘ _

S “These <1:haps. are clean off their nuts,{_.

am in a ‘0W‘V01Ce. . i  1 -

“I, should say: they are,” replied. ‘Jae

looks tas if we cgnsat  here even long,
0 mess o e . .; : V -
, “ ie’ their were pin. their, riejgiyminfri

 lad to ‘see us ‘that they’d, fall’ all ‘over them-
es with Joy,”-said Sam. V i _ ‘ _ ‘
sure they would. And they'd, want us to take
moﬂ’ on -the“raft. Instead of that here they
"ordering us off the reef, and they don’t show‘
e least desire to leave themselves.” ’ '

By’ that‘ time the, boys ‘had ‘got back to‘ the

faft and stepped on ‘board of it.,
v “Dive into-that cabin of ours and fetch out our
j » s." Oneof. those fellows has-a shooter» and if
should take a notion to openﬁre we want to be
eady to protect ourselves.” '
ack got the revolvers in a—minute.«

-“You forgot to cast oft‘ the line,” he said as he

ded hisffriend his ‘weapon.

“I'm not going to hurry‘ as just to oblige those ‘

razy lobsttersﬁdrelplied tsam. };‘Tlli'e wing has Vdireﬁ
ay an we _ ave o pus aong, s ore wit
iiles till we caughttthe current. I don’t see
mwe shﬁmla leiave,‘a]r1iywii1y.' l,7’Ve have as much
."on‘t isree as t ey ave. ' " ‘ '
gwhatls. the good. of having a scrap with two
“§»men? "‘ We might get hurt.” ‘ v 7 p —'
,h-y, don’t'you go?” demanded the man with
olver‘. “We don’t want you “here.” ‘ : '
eaii we when“ there’s no wind?’ replied

‘Wliere_did_you[come from?’ g _  "
F’ In an island 7111 that direction ‘where our
was wrecked about three weeks ago,” re-

 ed SafIi,Waving' his ‘arm ‘toward the ‘north-V ‘

vAre you the only ones who escaped?"
“No ; 1 everybody 01: 01?.”
ere are they.” ' ' - '
don’t know where they are. They took the
’ ,yeaving us behind,‘ and we had to build
is aft to get away ourselves.” ‘~ ‘A '
. e'j'_two5men consulted. .  T  _ ‘
‘1‘hat_'fellow' talked sensibly enough,” said
, as they watched the _men talking together.
"aybe they’re not ‘crazy afterwéall.”
’mVnot = sorry they don’t ‘appear anxious to
ken off on the raft. I don't like their looks,
_~ouId’hate to have them as passengers. They
take it into their heads to throw us over-
 and" take possession of the «raft them-
‘ ’,” said Sam. ’ ~ + ’ -
Eihe ‘man with the gun turned around to Sam
11.  ' ~
Where ‘are you_bound for?” he asked.
W, liefirst inhabited land we can run across,”
j ered Sam. ’ ‘

ill your craft bear acouple of small heavy
I; 7 , ..

i V  do'lyou.asl§ that?”_ “ ~ H
B cause’ ‘f ‘it will we might make ‘a bargain
I yap]: __ ‘ . ,
' »l2Dlii7 "What?.’.’ v . . ‘ _ ‘;:-Q ' '
0 take ms and the boxes off this reef.” W
at’s in the boxes?” . _. T ’ T '
ere’s something valuable in_them,”, he 1'6,"
cl’ after looking at his companion and receiv-

nod. , « i . c p _
uippose that’s the treasure your friend spoke

V you take us off with theboxels if we give
000~a iece?”. . g _‘ _ l
at 01; of money. Where are you going

'- “We've otplenty of grub.” .
s "You’re‘€ucky'.’.’ . I  . , I ’
‘‘We’ll fetch what -we’ve got left aboard
rgft us, and you can share withus if you
s or T ‘ . ’ -
“‘I’m ‘afraid there isn't room enough on
raft for a lot more stuff. Still, if you w
come ‘we'll take you and the food, which you
live on, ‘far we‘ve plenty‘ of our own.” ,
" .“And' the boxes, too?” i a e
f £1 df0'I1’t'kI10V\‘I,”al§O1lt theboiiies. What are they
u 0 —money. am grinne . . r  L
“No, matter what‘ they're full of, theyv got
“I’d like to see them before making. any
promises. ' j . . 2 , ,
“Come ‘along and we’ll show them to you.’..»
.: “I wouldn't go, Sam,” whispered,Jack.,‘,i.Tli
may do you up if they get you over at the.hiz1;..
Then they.’d come back and .do me up.; ;Tha;t
Woflélg be an easy way to get possession of T
Sam thought so, too. . .  ’ w
. “You come with«me. We’11?both<kee. our .e‘
on them and. our. hands on our guns. t the a
suspicious move on their part we will be 1' &y

for theinf.’ he said-

' ‘.?No, no; ,only oneof ‘you, must coméifi ._
jected dthehmant wit; the gun, as the two la’
S GPPG. 35 0.1-'3 939 31': ' l
., yuwhy»-,not,.b th» of us
"*%’i‘.“;‘“;i?,:‘.’i“'sig.;;.:.‘z.-‘S head:

“We1l',;you_ go along with him, Sam, and
other man: canwstay with me,” suggested J

Themen objected to that arrangement. —
kept matters at a deadlock, for the young,
wouldn’t~,take any chanceswith the two In
the hut. He and Jack returned to the raft
left themen. talking-together near the tree

The castaways ﬁnally returned to thehu ca pp
sat down wherethey could ‘keep their eyes on
raft and its occupants. . '2 » 

“How ‘about hunting for some shellﬁsh?’?,. S113?-
gested Jack. . v . T ,

“I’l«1 do it, while you stay on the raft and
watch on those chaps. It is my opinion. t",
are connivin together for the purpose of get "
possession o the raft’ and sailing away. --
talk about a treasure, and giving us a then
dollars each for taking them to the neai.-est’! 
is, of course, all tommyrot.‘ It seems a shame i
us to go away and leave them on this reef, b
feel sure we’d regret it if we gave them 1;,

sage.” ., , ,
“You told them if they’d bring their foo
board and live on it we’d take them,” said J ,

“I know I did, but I’ve changed my mind. W
have to sleep with one eye open all the time
we couldn’t trust them a single moment.” ~
- Sam, with his revolver in his pocket, Sta

?, He goes where

«to look fora mess of shellﬁsh amongthe“

rocks, and was soonbusy gathering 9. Sup .
a large pan.» The two castaways made ' a
tempt to interfere with him. When he had gar
ered as much as" he could carry he lirou

sea foodback togthe raft.

Breaking up -an‘ empty box Sam mad

 *3

A_£t-.er="'i1;' had-cooled’ enough to ‘handle he car-

,i'léﬂ‘~it‘on‘the raft’and with the addition -‘of 'sa‘lt~

‘the’ two’ boys made a palatable meal; V '
£Phat'was.ﬁne for a change,” remarked Jack.

else,i’ replied Sam.

 I'wish a breeze would spring up. The sun is

pretty hot,” said (lack. . . -. .. V .
‘ fF.It'is hot, and liable to be hotter still. See how»
glassy .the-sea is. Let’s get underour. sailcloth."
 of us must kee an eye on-those men."> .
“I’l1’do it,” replied am. i .
the. boys crawled into‘ their cabin, but found
it hot there that they had to raise the can-
Yﬁs roof as high as they could and leave the sides
open. This was not an easy job as the boxes
B,'nd.,bags were so tieddown to the raft that they
c3ouldn’t;..shift them about. The talked for a
but the heat made them s eepy, and they
__ great diﬁiculty in keeping their eyes open.
Jackﬁnally fell asleep, and in a little while Sam-
tfelilginto a doze, too. An hour passed and all was
quiet on ‘the raft. The day waxed hotter «and
hotter, and the sea’ became like a sheet of molten
g?lass,'t'oo dazzling for the eye to rest upon.

The men had retired to the shelter of their
11ut,fbut they did not fall asleep.

“The boys are asleep.
said one of them. “We'll creep over_ to the raft,
knock ‘em on the head, and toss ’em into the sea

or ‘the sharks to feed on. Then we'll be. able to
get away from this reef with the treasure."
“'f‘I’m ready to do it,” replied the other. “We’ve

In’ here two months now and our provisions H

 getting low. -When the grub is all" ‘no
there ll_ be nothin’ but shellﬁsh to keep us a we.
"This is a chance we can’t afford to miss. The

hoyshavé food which will help us out until _a ship ,

us up.” n
The ﬁrst castaway nodded, gotup andﬁpeered
he direction .of the raft. .
 "‘Come along,” he said, cocking his revolver.
His companion snatched up his cluband fol-
owed him outside. They walked cautiously down
to the water’s edge where the lumbering craft
wasudrawn up close to the shore. Not a sound
came from under the canvas. The men stepped
lihoard, their weight bearing the raft down a
M13...” That little thing saved the boys. The ris-
ing of one end of the ﬂoat caused Sam to fall
er, on his side, and that awoke him. Then it

mfas he heard the low tones of the ‘two c'astaways_

titside, and he .suspected that they were up to no
good purpose. He shook Jack into wakefulness.
 “The men are on the raft,” he s,a_id,,in his com-
 ' .’ “Get your gun ready, but pretend
V . be asleep.” ’
 . At that moment the end of the canvas was cau-
tiously lifted, and under their half closed eyelids
they saw the men peering in at them.
"R”e‘assured by noting that the boys appeared to
“fast asleep they li ted .,the canvas further. un-
' the boys were fully exposed.
The fellow with the revolver raised his gun

‘(I was in the act of covering Sam, while the
$3 with the club“ lifted his weapon to brain
ﬂjack, when both boys,_without altering their po-
s£ﬂlons,‘opened their eyes, threwdug) their arms

e

ﬁred point blank at their woul murderers.
th-v bullets reached their mark, and the cast-‘
, ‘hoarse cries, fell,-' backward into the

’d. soon get tired -of itif you had nothing’

lives.

Now is our chance,”‘

— enough to be ﬁlled with ‘gold. Gee

.  

CHAPTER XIII.——Conclusion.

Sam and-"Jack sprang to their feet ‘and’ 1 l’:
over~the barrier of boxes as the twolbodies
the‘ water with a splash. ‘ ‘ - ' , =  _

The tide, which was on the ebb, carriedthem
away fronf the shore, ‘but in spite of theirwounda.
they began to. swim back the momenttheir he '

reappeared above the surface, which showed that?

the chances, were they were not fatally l1urt'.f'

-“We’ll ﬁx you!” roared one- of the castawa _ h

after blowing a stream of water from his mou
The other said nothing, but there »,was mnrde
in his eye. _ . * ‘ ‘~'- 
.‘.‘Kee away from this raft,” cried,Jaclc,_ ,
we’ll p ug you again.” _ _
The men turned and headedvfor the shore. ,
that moment there was a commotion inthe wa ‘
and the dorsal ﬁns of two sharks shot toward th
swimmers with the speed of an express train. "
“Look out!” warned Sam.
There are two sharks after you.” . .
Both boys took aim at the ﬁns and tired.‘ 

sharks might have been hit, but the bullets.'did‘~

not stop their rush. Just as the boys ﬁred agahf
at the monsters one of thecastaways three 5
his arms with a shriek and was drawn unde
water. A moment later the other uttered 9} f
ilar yell and disappeared in‘ the ensanguiii A
water. The si ht was a horrible one to the with
boys, but they’ ad done all they could do to 
the rascals who thirsted for their lives.

“They’re_ gone,” said‘-Sam, as the water“
sumed its customary placid aspect. -

‘‘_They had a terrible death,” said '.l'ack,"witlr
shudder. _ _

“Well, they deserved it,” replied Sam, c 11;?
“Those sharks would have made, a. meal oi? as in-
stead ‘of them If I hadn’t woke up in time to
thwart the rascals.”_ . i ‘ -

Jack had to admit that his companion had 
toldthe truth, for ‘the actions of the t"wo“c“_
aways showed/chat their intentions when thi
came aboard the raft were murderous.‘

“Let’s go and investigate the hut now,” 

ested Jack. “We’ll take possession of any f‘

‘t e men have lef ." T

Sam was willing, and so they stepped ashore
and walked over to the dwelling. It was a 1 
sized building, constructed of pieces of wre
and was covered with a? piece of "canvas to t
out the rain. ‘ _ . .

Inside were a large chest, in which the b0
found a supply of canned goods and hard‘ -.
two pair of blankets, some rope and blocks

axe and other tools, evidently used in the.

struction of the hut, and a bunch of sailclartﬁ.
a sainst one of the walls._ , . -
ulling the canvas aside the boys found
iron clamped boxes. l ‘ ’   ~
“I wonder what’s in‘them?”\said Sam’,
lifted the end of one with some diﬂiculty. . _~
“Maybe the treasure the castaways referr
to," replied Jack. “Those are clearly the b '
they wanted. us to take on the raft.” ‘
“Treasure!” cried Sam, withglistening‘.
“That means money, I suppose. Th "reg "
If the
full of money our fortunes are ‘made 0
But how in thunder did it et.he‘r_eH
“They probably say dth ‘es:

“Swim for .youl',‘+'

   
  
    
    

their vessehlmowing the value of their 

“Lord, here’s luckl’? cried Sam, in great, glee.
 ‘these chaps had acted decently they’d have
  alive now, and we would have carried them,
‘ ed’ the boxes off with us. Now all the treas-7
re: belongs to us.” a , ,
'~.9.‘I7d‘ like to make sure that there is money in
' V'o,s‘e _boxe,:’s’,”, said Jack. i “Can't we open them

  
  
      
    
    
    
 

    
  
 

s" a pity to smash them. I think we can

 the chances from" the looks of them that they

contain something worth carrying away.”

'At that moment Jack spied a key near one of

the boxes that looked as if it belonged tothem.
1' ' ' he thrust it into the nearest

   

 

  

93
:1
an
€+
:-
"1
CD
€
:7‘
1»
G
w
§
(9
G
O
<.'
(D
'1

, We’re" rich!” shouted Sam. _ _ '
wfack opened the other box and found a similar
mount of double eagles. ,
The boys could not rest satisﬁed till they had
‘ y _ ‘ “ Each took a box and egan
pleasant job. The result of the count showed
,000 in each box. They replaced the money and
hen Jack relockedpthe boxes.

,If.-we can get those boxes to ’Frisco,” he said,
e'11 be made for life.”

‘Bet your life we will,” returned Sam, in a

  
  
   
    
    

  

   

one of satisfaction. » I ' —
‘ ‘T;:lTe’—ll take them aboard the raft at once,” said

        
       
  
  
    

yrstf’: said Sam. _

What for?” V

Why, if ,a"ship comes along and takes us off
‘craft the people aboard will suspect the na-
fof their contents, and ask usphow we -came
 hem ”

  

ey-Zn

IA, canvas cover will hide their looks at any
ate;.= I saw a sailor’,s kit in thechest. It doubt-
ess contains needles and thread.”
am got the kit and found a complete sewing
with a pair of small scissors.

he-{boys set ‘to’ and.i_n the course of an hour
put a canvas wrapping around the two boxes.
i‘The'n,they-removed them to the raft. By that
me a breeze had sprung up with the setting of
’ “tin, and the raft tugged at its mooring rope.
Lbdys carried the s_e_a-chest aboard with its
all,‘ quantity of pI‘0VlS1OIlS. They decided not
, ut to sea till the morning, so they built an-
t j rﬁre and added shellﬁsh to their evenin‘g‘s

  

  
  

     
  

   
  

O
F!»
3’
F1
(‘D

 
  
  
 
  
      
     
 
  

 

fsatibn about their future prospects which
lied’ glowing to them in spite of the fact, that
 were on a lone reef in the midst of the vast
oath Paciﬁc Ocean, with no immediate prospects

 

 The breeze still held so they took their

 kfast ashore, exercised themselves along the
, llgiand breath of the reef, and finally returned
, enaft, and releasing the mooring rope, poled
Ives clear of .Lone Reef. Several days
‘ the vast sea and thearching sky for their

 

  

hove into: si'ght‘,~ headinge weoctly./for

     
 

_ ting» sun brought. their rsail ‘ into

\ ship'Midnight, Captain Strong, ‘bound from

Ithink we'd better sew them up in sailcloth T

iThe'yi’ll suspect anyway from the weight, won't-

After at long and‘ enthusiastic con-,

ye» rescue, they turned in and slept till after.

prospect, and then late one .after'iii_<Jon a full

   
    

    

'.Ansxﬁ'l‘§1N.ii'.*rHn-. ;s:sA.7i » A:  " it

,the'r_aft. An.~"hour“or* two-v18tel'v.' 711517 88- ﬂ!e»:3¢33“
old relief.
were seen. bythervilookout. . V. ;  -. ; - ‘  M
‘ -Half an hour “afterward "they and their two
treasure boxes were safeon board'Athe-clipgzgr
I .,

ney to San Francisco. They dined with the skig
per and chief mate, and had an interesting story
to tell of their adventures whileiadrift in the sea;
They made. ‘no mention of the treasure, nor did’:
Jack say anything about. the secrets connectej
with the Morning Glory.- », . ,.
“This is great luck,” Jack said to Sam that
nkht as they sat on the forecastle deck and
looked ‘at the rising of the full moon on the 
of the watery horizon. “Just think of 
picked up by a ship bound straight for ‘Frisco.
Sam admitted that their good fortune vgas,
certainly in the ascendant. Itwas arranged that '
Sam should turn in and work his passage with
the crew, while Jack, who was no sailor, agreed
to make. himself useful as cabin boy, though th
captain did not actually’ stand in» need of hi
services. Jack bunked with the steward and th
heavy boxes were stowed in his room. 
months later, after a quick passage, the Midnigh
came in sight of the low—lying shores of Califor
nia, and late in the afternoon she was off th
“Heads,” waiting for the ﬂood tide to help
across the bar. . —

Her arrival was reported at the Merchants
Exchange, and the newspapers printed it near
morning among their marine intelligence. It was
dark when she passed through the Golden Gate
and anchored within view of the frownin battl
ments of the fort on Alcatraz Island. '%l1ejbU"y?&
were eager -to get ashore with their treasnf
boxes, but they couldn't leave the shipthat night
After breakfast the captain ‘prepared to get
ashore to report his arrival to the owners,“ an
he agreed to take the boys and their boxes. 
landed at Paciﬁc Street Wharf and while Sam
stood guard over the treasure Jack went off',to
ﬁnd an express wagon. An hour later the bovxéﬁ.
were deposited in the vaults of the Californi
Bank with both boys’ names down as deposi/tor
of the articles. They then went to a cheap hate
in -the lower I part of Montgomery Street an

/registered. After dinner Jack started for th
home of the Masons in Tehama Street to 'sur.pr’1
the family and look after his‘ trunk and 0th
belongings which he had unavoidably left=theJ.f‘a
when he was spirited off to sea. His 'ap'pear'a1me
took Mrs. Mason's breath away, and after ‘she
had recovered from her surprise she naturally;
wanted to know where he had been for the less
ﬁve months or so, and the cause of his mysteri
disappearance. Jack told her the whole sto
without reservation, and the recital of his adven
tures much amazed the good woman. Her sons
and daughters were at work so they didn't lea,

’ about J ack’s return until they came home late
on. As the boarder who had taken Jack's place
had just left theboy, said he would be glad, "
leome back if Mrs. Mason was willing to receivé

im. ‘ ’ - » . ‘

J “0f:course you may come, Mr. Gale. ,We’.ll_j
be delighted to have you with us again.‘ ~
trunk /and other thingsare safe, and I’ll.,~h"

theinmoved into the room this ,after-noon "
“A1IA;right.s .— Could ouaccommodate 1

 

  
   
  

      
    
   
  
   
  
  
  

   
   
    
      
  

  

  
  
   
  
  
  
     
     
     
     
     
    
     

   

   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   

  

      
      

     

   
  

 ‘L

 

24‘
Enine-—a young sailor? He can room with me, and
guess you can find room for him at the table.”
Mrs. Mason said he could come, and Jack then
urried away. He met Sam at the corner of

ontgomery and California streets and they
went to the Merchants’ Exchange together. Here

ﬂlack made inquiries about the Board of Under-‘

writers, and was given the address of the see-
retary. They found that gentleman in his office,
End the story Jack told him, backed up in a meas-
nrg by Sam, opened that person’s eyes pretty
_wi e.
He questioned Jack closely, and then made, an
rrangement for him to call at the office next day.
Eoth boys were on hand and -found the full Board
awaiting their appearance. Jack went over his
story again, which was taken down by a stenog-
rapher, and he afterward signed it under oath.
Jack learned that the loss of the Morning Glory
had been duly reported. and after an investiga-
tion, at which Captain Brant and his officers and
men were witnesses, the total amount of the in-
surance had. been paid.

He found out that the captain was in town, as
Mr. Sharpley had not engaged him to take out
another vessel, which led people in the shipping
world to think that the ship-owner soured on the
captain for losing two of his ships.

Jack was told to keep out of the way till want-
ad, as the Underwriters were going to send a
steamer to Sago Island to investigate the wreck
of the Morning Glory if it was still there, and
they didn’t want Mr. Sharpley, or Captain Brant,
to learn of his presence in the city. The steamer
was chartered and ready for sailing inside of a
week, and the Underwriters decided that it would
‘be well to send both Jack and Sam on the vessel.
Before the steamer sailed the boys got their
money out of the two treasure boxes and made a
special deposit of it in the bank, then they sailed

away across the Paciﬁc once more.

The wreck was found sufficiently intact to prove
all the points Jack had told the Underwriters, and
so on the return of the steamer, Philip Sharpley
and Captain Brant were treated to the surprise
of their lives. _

They were arrested and charged with their
double crimes. In due time they were tried, and

‘Jack was the chief witness against them. They

got ﬁfteen years on each count at San Quentin,
and that was almost as good as a lifer for the
skipper, who was over ﬁfty. A civil suit against
Geo. Sharpley & Co. resulted in the breakup of
that house, and the money recovered was divided
among the insurance companies. interested. At
the end of it all Jack Gale was presented with the
sum of $5,000 by the Board of Underwriters, and
Sam was paid $1,000. _
Jackftaking Sam with him, paid a visit to the
little village in Napa County, where he had lived
with his aunt, Miss Stebbins. Here another sur-
rise awaited him. Lawyer Choker had just died
nd willed everything to Jack. A sealed .private
etter, addressed to Jack, was handed to him by
he executor. . When Jack opened it he "ound
hat it was a kind of confession. Lawyer %oker
aid he had, through artiﬁce, got Miss Ste bins
sign a will specially drawn up to suit himself

lace of the one she had told him to make out. ,

he right will would have made Jack heir to

 

ADRIFT IN THE SEA

the bulk of the. old spinster’s property.’ and given
the servants much larger legacies. Thus Jack
found himself about $15,000 richer than be ex-
pected. He did not make the lawyer’s confession
public, but burned it so that no one would ever
learn of his duplicity. He afterward made up to
the servants the amount they would have received
had the .proper will been probated. Jack and
Sam went into the ship chandlery business to-
gether in San Francisco, and to-day are recog-
nized as solid men of the town. They married
the two daughters of Mrs. Mason, and now live
on Van Ness Avenue in very handsome houses.
But rich and prosperous as they now are, largely
through their own efforts, they privately admit
that eir good fortune is really due to their
adven ures when adrift-in the sea, and the treas- *
ure they found on Lone Reef.

Next week’s issue will. contain “THE YOUNG‘
WALL STREET JONAH; OR, THE BOY WHO
PUZZLED THE BROKERS." .

Electrically heated quilts have been used with
good effect in British hospitals. These quilts are
arranged with highly ﬂexible‘ resistance wire,
which is introduced in two insulated layers of
fabric, the inner of which is surrounded by heat-

,conducting material so as to facilitate convey-

ance of heat to the patient. Originally the quilts
were used in order to supply warmth to consump-
tive patients, sleeping out-of-doors, and proved a
great advance over the time-honored hot-water
bottle. More recently they have been used in fever
wards, etc., to promote perspiration. It is stated’
that a bed temperature of 90 degrees can be at-
tained in less than half an hour and maintained
continuously thereafter.

TOBACCO?’
. . . W‘ I’ 0 3


TOB on sxumr ggilrgry CURED on

New. safe ztinranteed treatment for overcoming all
craving for Cigarettes, Pipes, Cigars, Chewing or Snuﬂ. '
Full treatment sent on trial. It satisfactory pay $1.45 on
delivery. If it fails we gladly REFUND MONEY. Write
today. WINE]-[0L.'1‘ 00., Box T-7, WOODBINE, PA.

  B6 A 06 active 0

Make Secret Investigations  

Earn Big Money. Work homexor travel.
Fascinating work. Excellent oyiportuu
nity. Experience unnecessary. artlon
Ilars free. Write: ' ‘

GEORGE R. WAGNER
Detective Training Depa/rtmsnt
-’ 2190 Broadway. New York

.0‘

2??

/we
. I. .

  

  

  

 Wan Street Hoodoo

if _V The Boy the Brokers Feared

By Gaston Game

(A Serial Story.)

x CHAPTER XV.
e,You.ng. Blakesley’s Chapter of Accidents.

‘Why, he gs a clerk in our oﬂice. He gets
Q1, 00 -a year, and is all the time bothering me
I don’t like him. I've begged
Jﬁ’m'several times to keep. away from me, but he
watches for me every time I leave the oﬂice to
' He is. waiting for me now at the foot,
‘ He sends me ﬂowers and candies,
as set all the other girls in the building_ to
Can't you place a hoodoo on him,
, ‘ make him keep away?” _

Look here, Miss Jennie, do you believe in 1106-

?n V _

Why, yes. Everybody in the building says
hcan hoodoo anybody.” .
e11,'su pose I.p1ace a ‘hoodoo on you and
I ' e me instead of him.”

hat isn’t necessary, Bob. I do like
a y, and I don’t_ like him.” -_
’-“Well, I'm glad to hear that; Suppose I wait
’e foot of the stairs after blsiness hours and
‘niece youhome myse1f?’l .

“““"f“Oh,'myl I’ wish you would, Bob!” she laughed.
 sure he wouldn’t interfere with you, for all
dung men seem to be afraid of you.”

Good. I’ll try to be on hand when you come

I’ stairs, but if I’m not wait a little while for
 ?.: .

 his attentions.

    

i 11' right; I will,” and with that_they parted.
;soon as she had an opportunity to do so,
pretty typewriter told two of her,girI,inti- ..
tes that she guessed she would get rid of
esley, as she had asked Bob to put a hoodoo
Qh: 1n 1” they laughed. “That is cruel. He ‘
htfmalke him fall downstairs and break a
.,,.,

e What about her?” ‘

Arthur Blakesley was the son of a welI-t_o-do
‘ ‘ An uncle /of his was a prominent poli-
in Gotham, and it was through ‘the latter’s
nee that he had procured such a well-paying
‘ oker Mason's office. He was a good-
, g man, about twenty—one years of-
-but was rather insipid. He dressed well, and
-hump of egotism was simply enormous.
fallenin love with Jennie Rogers, Ma_son’s

"oer, who was a bright, Jolly g1r1_0f eight-
ears of age, and, as he prided himself on
";a,*:.ﬁrst'-class “masher,” she coulc_ln_t make
1111' rstand that she was not a willing vic-
‘ He spent his salary free-

sent her candies and ﬂowers in such
age as to excite the envy of her girl

«the wholebuilding, and she added: ‘Yes, and one.‘

fascinations.

ypretty nose at me." x _ L

9

   

Of course, there were other young men in th,
various oﬂices Of,” the building who envietl:-vhiris-~
because of the. favor that they believed he had.
found with her. ' ‘ ‘ ‘

On the afternoon of the day she asked Bob to
protect her from his attentions he was at the foot‘
of the stairs waiting for her. Bob was there,7
too, and when he saw-her coming down the stairs.
he tipped his hat to her and said: -

“Miss Jennie, may I bask in the sunshine 0
your smiles on the way uptown?” ‘

"‘Oh, my, Bob, I’d be ever so glad. We both--7
have to go the same way.” -

“Miss Jennie,” said Blakesley, stepping for-".-
ward in his most gallant manner, “I’ve been
waiting here for that pleasure myself,” and he,
actually stepped in between her and Bob. ‘-

“Say, sonny,” said Bob, “you are too late. I
spoke ﬁrst, so just consider yourself hoodooed,”-
and he caught J ennie’s hand, when she looked up."
at Blakesley, and smiled and said: ‘ 

“Please excuse me, Mr; Blakesley,” and she
went on with Bob. -~ A gi

Blakesley was so staggered that he stood there
gazing after her until they had almost, reached.»
the corner of Wall and Broad streets. -

Several of the young men laughed at him. ' ,
“Messenger boy,” he gasped. “I’ll break his
neck!” A . 9 

“You’d better look out,” said another clerk.j
“Bob will place a hoodoo on you.” * 

-“You wait,” he retorted. “I’m something of a"
hoodoo myself.” /' .

“Well, hanged if he didn’t take her right away«
from you. I wouldn’t stand for it, Arthur.” ] ‘.3

Arthur walked oﬁ‘ white with rage and morti-.‘
ﬁcation. His pride was shocked. To be cut out‘
by a messenger boy was humiliating in the ex-.»
treme, and he went up the street fairly grinding
his teeth. I .-

‘‘Oh, my, Bob.” laughed Jennie, “you did that:
nicely. I don’t know what I should have done if
you hadn’t spoken up first. I just know he’s
angry.” » _

“Oh, of course. Any fellow would be angry to
be cut out of the company of such a pretty girl’
as you are.” _

“Now, Bob, don’t go to talking that way, for I
know that you don’t mean it." 7 j
“Oh, I don’t, eh? Do you know Miss Henderr
son?” ~

.“Yes, I do. She works in Mr. Miller’s oiiice.—

    
   
   
   
    
   
     

 
 
 

    
  
   

‘ s

     
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
 
  
  

- “Well, I simply wanted to suggest that you. ask.
her what I said to her about you some ﬁve or six

  

months ago.”
“Oh, my! ' What was it, Bob?” \ ’
“Well, we were talking in front of the door 0 
Miller’s office when you passed us, and. I 
marked to her that you were the prettiest girl in

    
   
    
 

of the best.’ You placed a hoodoo on me that
very day.” - - ‘ '
She laughed coquettishly, and he added:
“Since we moved over to the West Side of.’
town,‘ as you live over there, too, I’ve been want-
ing to escort you back and forth every day.” ’
“Well, Bob, why didn’t yousay so?”
“Because I was afraid that you'd turn up »

  
  
   
  

    

   
 

      

 ridofth ' ‘ "

o about it?” she replied. l ' ,His collar?  sirg:i,?ru3$lxi§ed1§ﬁ?§1l§§»um
'~,e !'Why, I’m going_ to wait for you every morn- But it was a busy day, and he coul:ln’t’leav'e.' ‘
V’-A1 % at the corner till you come to take the cars.” office to go home. So instead of going on

, Oh, my! I'll be so glad to have some one pay lunch he sent the messenger boy out to buy as
ray fare for me.” and bring it to him, , ‘

.~ “Bless you, I'll be glad of the privilege. I’ll In the meantime the others went out ‘six’
I. »

p y it every time and what's more on warm 1;}, ' t Vt -
;.days, we'll take ice~cream before we separate.” d,,‘f,"a§§  :,?;%§yegy;gv£.1{a3rt}ifgdY°o:ggW 13’
“Oh, my, Bob, don’t let me put you to any ex- gothon g. ‘ -___

p;'nse,cnt;w. ”You can’t afford to be treating girls “Arthur, you are mined ,, said one O;f.‘th'

ice-ram. . . . 4 , ., u . , , y

“The thunder I can’t. ylfiyou want to ﬁnd out: ‘ h ‘forth Stmd fellows d.ry up‘ You make m. 
for an e re or e . »

hether'I- can or'not .'ust dar me . ~ r . . n ‘ s
the ice‘-cream you car;i1eat.‘’’’é , t(,) Pay, t.li‘¥}ou {gunk y_-011.31‘? “red n°Wv,1.’“1:" 511$ ‘ .0!
‘ (‘Haw fo_1ish»l" she -laughed.‘ “You don’t know‘ gh - 3P.t.°°d<.>°.b<.>¥ gets through witli yo _-
- how much ice-cream somegirls can eat.” ; . . Won. ohm-ed to pour‘ h°t"sh°t mu’. 1“. 1
‘-‘That’s all right. I know .a girl, that busted a. ‘ .t..°“ f “5";‘fS‘°* “dad f~°’ “*9 ‘*3 r -.1 Stead
follow one evening when he challenged her to $2; gnghe -°{. t ed ymzntg lady at th. . 
eat -till She; had enough; and ‘she ate ﬁve Plates,‘ ¢ouilit’of €131’-° k_°‘-ga. A° a"°“,l1.m°et»‘“9h9r Q“
— but let me tell you that wouldn't ‘bust me." bosom e in s ins on '18 lcollargan  -

“W_‘e_ll,~_ I _wouldn’t;do,s,uch ,a foolish thing as; Ne.th -B’ b r J ,1, h d h i  fix
' 1 er 0 nor en ie a .ear \ ‘:_'is,.‘

' You are not getting a big salary, ~I.guess.": -
. “rm: not -on arbig salary, Miss,Jennie.’f * dent. a.n_d‘they wo_nd_ered whathad bec , .

V ‘fMYi.are you Working foiysnothing?” , . . Others in. the building had-heard of..

—. “No,‘indeed! But then Iwon’t tellyou another. W915;3“°the1'»''°°nﬁ1‘m3t1°n’ 01’ Y°‘.m8', «-‘
aboutit until I ﬁnd out whether or not you 3-b111.tY,t9 P1309, 3 h°‘.’d°9 0}‘ 311)’ One ~ -> . 
“j eep a Secret," 7 » y l I-n fact, it worriedgthe victim himself.  2

ah, my. ’I can keep secrets. I've got a lot .t1;‘1:’ItnB‘i§d(;’§5ta‘;d E9’: .th3,lé(1i’.S§3t1e °.f mk-
|tem,too,’ - i A, » v -- Wn I1 1 as] 1. 
‘fWell, how many other girls does it require to _ The second day Bob and Jennie Icame d ,
‘op you kegp them?” _ . . gether again, and in less than ten minutes
Not one. g V _ ~ she entered t e building several girls were
They laughed and chatted at a lively rate on ing her’ abo what had happened to h l
the street car all the way uptown. V’ . . beau, and because she had told two of’
/_»He found out that she was living only three she had asked B b to put a hoodoo -"on" in‘
looks from his home. — - girls were in a l rr-y mood over the in dent
He had been well acquainted with her in the She laughed and Said she was Sorry {
Vﬂice building, and they seemed to be mutually of course young. Blakesley appeared in 
1.,  tlfadedv b“t_he_ had never talked with he’ °“t‘ maculate shirt front, collar, gloves anifcane, 2,
ﬁﬁzfhifrfclhegulgtnghe car he escorted her to the §fe°fﬁ§_‘°'d a tantalizmg ovation vfmm hi_Slf«:
oor 0 er ome. - ' ' -
‘Her mother was living 'in a ﬂat somewhat sim— togiﬁalﬁaéidnﬁazitlinhﬁgirtizsiffinﬁiggg '}“i§§
13" t° hm °wn' . . sooner turned his back than the hat.félll~ om
, He found out what time she would leave the place rolled around in from of himovn‘ ’ l
I house the next morningso as to wait for her at’ stop’ ﬁe took be planted his foot on ft and. m
"the °°mer- ' i it. He stepped back and looked at thee
,»She joined him at her usual time for going hot as though greatiy Surprised
owntown, and together they went to the office. one of the clerk called out. '
Before they entered the building he asked if ' ' ' '
e would go out and lunch with him at noon-
time. She said she would.
When young'Blakesley came down to his work .p1ote}y ruined.

‘ the next morning he had an extremely sour look It was 3 Smammattor but it furnish ,

#on his face. His fellow clerks at once began ﬁcient topic for gossip to the clerks_- —

jtw-itting him about being hoodooed out of his girl, during the gost of the doy_ _ 

and he retorted quite sharply to one of them, with ~ At noon ‘ he went out to lunch we ﬁn

"the result lthat a- quarrel followed, but no blows crushed hat but when he rotomod'ho
_ re struc . i ' ’ _ . a

_An hour or two after he began work he reached . m%§' Jﬁgtgiiieby a couple of typewriter girls"

" n‘p~ to ’a high shelf above his desk to get a quart Bob had taken his girl out to lunch _

bottle of ink to ﬁll his mkstand. He mere] bowed and sm.l d t th
‘The bottle £111 off the shelf and landed on his no remark Y 1° ° em». ,.

sauhasszz h‘1:‘_1:;;.‘::; é‘i‘;“s?§fé’§ lasts? :2: oyvhgn heu1rg§“r;;ed1g°ghe one to-go 

his immaculate linen collar and shirt front. ﬁd O t. ‘:15 qhl E 9 er Vt 1:3?’ abs. 9 _
Immediately the other clerks began laughing th end‘: 3;) fol’? ggccfw teh gr tls, 
“mlcaning 5“ him’ a ‘ ha‘: thgt zxfofgieﬁg n or 6 es mtm‘

odooedl Hoo,doo.ed!” _. e . A o o q _
 ‘ and tried~.,tc:;;g:gt  .  .‘o.*(,1'o>_bo_e Contin

:

  
        
     
        
 
  
 
  

 and iFortune< 

 ‘NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 9, 1927

TERMS TONSUBSCRIBERAS

  

‘HOW TO SEND MONEY-_—At our risk send P. 0.
Honey Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittance:
in any other way are at your risk. We acce t Postage
ﬁtam s the same as cash. When sending a lver wrap

‘ ‘ a..se ante piece of paper to avoid cutting
rite your name and address plainly.

  

 
 
 

8 cent:

 
 
 
 
 

>- on
too

 
  

V . $4.50; B,‘o.i-'eigii,  
 WESTBURYV PUBLISHING co., Inc.’
, 140. Cedar Street, New York City.

an KNIGHT, Pres. and "er:-nu.
* pLABB, Vice-Pun. andsoc.

  
       
     
  

 
  
 
 
         
    

. WARNING TO MOVIE PROPRIETORS.

V he Italian Government, which has been W?-Q‘
aggressive ﬁght against indecency and- im-
1; , recently warned the proprietors of mo-
.pi¢1-,uxe [houses against any moral laxity in
mi, deville acts inserted between ﬁlms.

he warning was-in the form of a circular from
‘der Secretary Suardo of the Department of _In-
1 With motion pictures purged by the recent
' laws, managers of various houses, says
; e circular, have ‘introduced variety acts tending
" immorality in subject _matter and costumes
pi-ely for commercial mot1ves._ All persons con-
 uing to do this will lose their licenses.

  
  
  

   
     
    
     
       
 
  

  
  

SAYS $1 A, DAY WON'T KEEP TWO
Answering her husband’s suit for separation on
in ground of desertion, Mrs. Lillian E. Hoifman
’d an affidavit in the Supreme Court at White
’ ‘ ms in which she said she was forced to leave
rles E.‘Ho'ffman, a letter carrier of/Yonkers,
use the found that $1 a day was insuiﬁcient
: i " t W0 ersons. , _
8:33:51 tor ﬁrs. Hoffman made a motion ‘_in
cm] Term of Supreme Court before Justice
"phrey J. Lynch for alimony and counsel fees
. e ding trial of the suit. The Court awarded $10
'..we=ek_ limony and $150 c_ounsel_fees.
" is. Hoffman said she lived withher husband
hree months after their marriage in 1923.
" r the rent was paid, the wife continued, there
5 ‘nlyr$1ia day left from his salary as sub-
letter carrier. ,

  

  

  
  
      
        
       
 

  

  

  

   

WA NEW STEEL DEFIES HEAT

Announcement of some successful experiments
" with a new steel that, it is asserted, will

  
 
  
  

’ es injurious to the metal is made by _a
«an newspaper. As yet ’the product is
‘out a name. Ten tons of it have been pro-
 * t. the Varde Works for comprehensive test-

 : has been exposed to  tempera-

rAMnr=:hNn  ;: semi

‘' often hours-each,‘-without showing-any injurious. ‘

VI dropped. was a peppermint tablet.’_’

 

   
  

t111‘eS_3'Zll1 'Cop'enhagen¢furnaces which'heat.'to 71 j
temperature of‘ 950 degrees, in which the-‘inetal
hasubeen allowed toremain for ﬁve or six periods;

effects. It: is said that -a piece of the best steel :
previously produced was completely destroyed in
the ﬁrst heating, at a temperature that had no
effect on the new metal. . 
In the tests at the Varde Gas Works pieces of».
ordinary‘ steel and of the new, of the same size, ‘
were left in. a “recarburetor” for six weeks at an
temperature of from 1,000 to 1,100 degrees. At
the end of the experiment, the ordinary steel had,
practically disappeared, while the new alloy show-
ed no signs of having been affected by the‘ heat.’
Considerable interest has been aroused by the row "
stilts obtained. . — i .

 

LAUGHS

“Yes, I told father that the white pong ghligi’
I i ‘

swallow it?” “No.”

    
   

 

..?.“..ri.;‘:=:%°:i .s.:“§:i::2=i. ‘iii: rs *° 

; 1 s o eas. s. 6
llt~Ita;i3i.l(_i&‘—Yoi_ir gouse is? _Merc'y! I certainly slian’t;"
‘e iogoin ereagam. 

 

“Please, lady, could- you_ give me a dime to‘ help
me get to where my family is?” "Oh, you poor
man! Here is a dime for you. Where is your‘
family?” “Gone to the movies.” - 

  

Good Little Boy-—Does majority rule in this!
country? Father——Indeed it does. Good, Little
Boy—Then how does it happen that one had little. 2
boy can get all us good little boys into so- much-*1
mischief? . _ ‘

  

Curate-I am glad to hear your husband is .
showing so much improvement, Mrs. ?Stiggins..',’*
Hopeful wife-—-Oh, yes, -sir, thank you. ’E’s so
much better! Why, ’e don’t say ‘is prayers 
more of a night now! ~.' '

    
    
       
     

Neighborly Caller—How many children have’.
you, Mrs. Newcomer? Mrs. Newcomer (just
moved in)—'I‘wo. Neighborly Ca1ler'———0nly twol.
Dear me! I thought I heard about a dozen.

“Does your husband ever lie to you?" “Never.”

:13
¢
S
:2.
0
<<
0
F'-
57'
5
O
S
‘.3
E
to
E
W
'5‘
ru
5‘
33-
I-I
:2.
O
3

look a day older than when he married me, and
if he doesn’t lie about that, I don’t think he woul
about less important matters.” 1 c

 
         
   
      
  

Teacher-Now, Mamie, tell me how many bones
you have in your body? Mamie—'I‘wo hundred 
eight. Teacher—Wrong; you have only two«
hundred and seven. Mamie (triumphantly)-—-Yes,,.
but I swallowed a ﬁshbone at breakfast this morn-
ing. - V V 

The teacher had given the boys this subject,
for composition: “What Iwould do if I suddenly’
came into‘ possession of $10,000.” One little fel-
low, after chewing his penholder. for some a
returned a blank sheet. “That,” replied 12!:
dogs .you1;h,  Pd‘ dn 51 :1 had ' ‘ ‘

  
      
     

  

  
 

 FAME-..AN13,.FO1l%'ifUNFl. 

 BOY‘ DEFENDERS. or THE ,
  LONE RANCH A

i'Blut slight record has ever been kept of the
early life of thosehardy pioneers who so boldly

I pushed civilization intothe danger infested wilds

of Kansas‘ and Nebraska. Here were probably
encountered the ﬁercest tribes‘ of Indians, the
greatest number of perils; and could the facts be

,_ actually presented today, there would, no doubt,

be furnished to the world incidents and episodes
more awful and blood-curdling than ever found
record of in the annals of ﬁction. -

‘History is strangely silent upon the colonial
history of these States. It is known, however,
that ﬁerce battles were fought by “the hardy
settlers with the savage Pawnees and Sioux.

Yet not the most strenuous‘ and hostile opposi-.

tion of the barbarians of the plains could stay
‘atnoncoming tide of_ civilization.‘

on "trains of “prairie schooners” continued.

t'0"p"us westward across the level prairies, rude
Brits and dugouts were constructed, and the won-
rful drama, occasionally merging into tragedy,
s-carried out resistlessly. . > ._
Upon a beautiful September morning two

orsemen drew rein upon the. 'east“bank of the
Platte. ‘As’ far" as the eye couldreach ‘there was

aught to be seen but the boundless expanse of

ndulating .pla/in.. .
-The horses were strong-limbed animals, one

5 black, the other gray. The riders were deserving

of special mention. ,

Both were young men, almost boys in years.
That they were brothers one must have" seen at
a'glance. — , .. - '

Ruddy-cheeked Yankee boys they were from
some New England home, and possessed of open,
fearless countenances, of that type well ﬁtted to

“encounter the rigors of a new country.

Percy and Arthur Haynes had left school but
afew months previous, and longing with adven-
turous spirit for a glimpse of. the world outside,
had been induced easily to leave the old farm

‘nd join a partyof colonists bound for Nebraska.

They had come as far as Leavenworth with this
party. Here their slender means had been in-
vested in a pair. of horses and a schooner, and
'wi_th the colonizing party, some ﬁfty in number,

I ey had started across the .plains.

But, when well into the wilds, a party of hostile

awnees had attacked the train. '

_ The two brothersbravely defended the helpless
qfnes, but, seeing them all massacred in cold blood,
and ﬁnding themselves powerless in the face of

erpowering numbers they had adhered to the

wholesome law of self-preservation, and saving
eir two noble horses from the ﬂood of ruin, had
ought safety in ﬂight. ‘ -

For two days they had ridden over the plains
looking. vainly for some sight of human habitation.
 Arid now we ﬁnd them upon the banks of the
Iﬁtlatte, hungry -and tired, but in nowise dis-

gout, age . r I . .
ell, Percy, what. shall we do;.now?” asked

.‘¥-. .

Arthur, as he carelessly swept the horizon;with,

h1s"gaze. “We ‘don’t seem :to be any nearer 

house than we were two days ago.” ,1 _, ,_;,
“That is so,” said Arthur, dubiously-. -“Whew

what a country this would be. if it was not Ij‘.fQ1' 

the Indians!”  _
“I _should say so. But that don’t settleithi

question. What shall we do?” . _ ’ ~
“Keep on, of course.” ‘ ‘
“To the north?” p

“N 0, let us turn to the eastward,” replied P 6? E

with sudden resolution. “That must zcertain
very soon bring us to some evidence '0f,ciV1_l-,
zation.” "
“To the eastward civilization certainly lie" ‘
declared Arthur. “It shallbe as you say. Com‘,2
Gray, gallop once more._”. . _' I  _ "
The two boys turned their horses’ heads to
the east and galloped on. For a mile they kep
on thus, when Arthur rose in his strrups with’
sudden sharp .cry. . J
_ “As I live!” he cried. “There is smoke!
is some human habitation at last!" [-
,Straight ahead from a small clump of .
a straight column of smoke rose »’skyward. Su
it was indication of the near presence. of»
human being. . 3 
Percy, struck spurs to his horse, and neck? ’
neck the two. steeds raced over the soft-ﬂoolr"
the prairie. Straight down upon the timbe
two boys bore. Had they been older plain
they would hardly have done this. " "

the presence of a settlement. ‘They were (1 Ti
deceived in a startling manner. ‘ ' 
. Straight into the timber theyfrode. ‘Strang
enough their coming had not been seenfby 
inmates of the timber until they were ful upqﬁ,
a_ camp of Indians fully a score in niifni I
The savages were seated about a ﬁre, and
brought ‘to their feet by the sudden" thund
hoofs and the apparition-like appearance/o
two young settlers. .
‘Both Percy and Arthur were“ so start
the appalling discovery that they a'1mo,st-
over the surprised savages. It was a fortun
thing for the boys that their comling hail
unseen by the savages, lest the resu t might
been diﬁerent. ‘ l v
As it was, the aﬂ"righted' savages for t
ment believed it the onslaught of ‘a body
a_lry, and before they recovered themselves
ciently to make action the boys were beyond all?
range of their weapons.
Both Arthur and Percy now recovered’
selves.

on and sought to put as great a distan’
possible between them and the Indiancam
‘v‘Whe_w! we run our noses ‘into a be ;
then, didn't we?” cried Percy: ‘?I though
were done for.” '   pf .
“So did I,” agreed Arthur. “We'll beiluc
get out of it now.”  i
Whether they were pursued by the sa 
not did not at once become-apparent to "
They saw no more of them. ,' :  ’
. For they now entered a range of hills
some’ miles they threaded their way’-.thr,ough
when a startled cry burst from Percy’s- ‘

 7 T 7 FAME AND . :3*oR‘i5nzsir3.i   s 

.Be-fore them, .in a bend_ oftthe ~Va11e;Y."'WaS ;a
structure long and rambhng',.an'd one story_m
height, and built of logs. It was strongly built,
and thewindows were small, and there were port-
holes between the logs, evidence that 1t had been
}5u‘i1t.with. an eye to defense. ~ -

-‘ “A ranch!" cried Percy, with conviction, for

Jiahad seen its prototype a few days previous
‘ ar Leavenworth. “But where are the people?’
/It needed but a brief examination to answer
at question fully. Both boys descended from
‘air saddles and entered the place. » _

And this was to be rewarded with an astound
g” and horrifying spectacle. Upon the'_ﬂo.or of
orreroom was a vast_ pool of blood, and in it_ lay

He seemed the only victim. ~ He could not have
een dead »fo'r= many hours. All the windows and
doors of the ranchwere open. The cattle pen
‘ yond was empty, and the stock had evidently
,een's_tampeded.' _ ' * j ‘
‘ The body was carried into the yard and a grave
dug with a spade which Percy found. Rever-
tly they laid the dead to rest, then’ returned
the ranch. , _ » w A. ' '
Both‘ were"tired and would have sought sleep
' édiately, but for disturbing incidents.’ These

s gain-~startling orderyy V
“adf’ou'r youngiadventurers been better versed
the waysof the plains, they_ would never have
7exi‘~,the'deadly step which they had. Even a
vi should ’ha've'understood that the savages
ﬂfsited the ranch, killed and scalped the one
 found there, stampeded _the cattle_,'which
‘ ‘ ﬁgweire now engaged, in driving to their camp,
r“eturn later and loot and burn the ranch.

Allqinwitting this fact, and comforting them»-

¢1”egi;‘with the homily that “lightning never
keg twice in the ‘same place,” the boys had
”fno.danger in domiciling-themselves in the
h. ‘The result soon became apparent, ,
A'li.‘that very moment half a hundred dusky
s"wer‘e ﬂitting among the trees surrounding
r lace.‘ . ‘ T
Pgrcy was in an upper chamber of the ranch,
feltjhis blood turn to ice,,when, hearing. a
"led neigh from the horses in the paddock,
saw ﬂames’ running all over it. ‘ "
Ajrthurg?’ he cried wildly. .“The‘ horses. My
egysiy We are lost!” , 
The brother was at that moment at the lower
‘He’ saw the awful situation at a glance.
the was a hero in time of. danger. Quick
act," he-seized an ax, and drawing -a pistol from
belt, started for the paddock. But around the
emf the house sprang two ﬁercely painted
 with uplifted tomahawks. :

W’ at imoment mi ht have been Arthurfs last,
for Percy. Quick as a ﬂash he seized his
I‘21nd'ﬁ1-ed through the window. , _

The iforeniost savage dropped his’ hatchet and
 llmply to the ground. Arthur met, the

with a shot from his revolver. “This not

“ving'rnortal he parried his red foe’s tomahawk

the ax, and for a moment a, combat worthy
he gladiatorial arena followed. , ,
herfsavages with wild yells now sprangout

,,oods., But Percy with another‘ shot from.

‘cu ht down Arthur’s yantagonist. ,

’ arentithat; an atte pat ’to?s;ave»

thefhorses would-be suicidal-. Arthur’spr9.ngF1lw3B

into the ranch and barred the door.  I
The red demons came swarming about the

ranch, but the brave young defenders with riﬂes

‘ and pistols poured such a destructive volley

among them that they were compelled to retreat.

F Fortunately it was a moonlit night, and the

boy defenders were enabled to see‘ all injtlre
vicinityalmost as plainly, as in daylight. ‘  _ 

However,'the Pawnees did not venture -anza
tack. Their game soon became apparent.’ T
was to starve out the foe.‘ . . p ,

It was quite likely that they were not awa,
of the exact number in the ranch. The savages
are cowards at best, and they preferred the—em~’
ploymentof this method to an open attack. . i

All this soon became apparent to ‘the boy de-
fenders. The likelihood of its success also seemed.
assured, for there was not an edible thing intth "
ranch. . : _ -- 

Moreover, before another day had passed,
‘creme ‘exhaustion came as the result ‘of loss or
sleep. However, onerelieved the other, each itﬁitv
ing short, snatches" of‘ sleep, and this ‘somewhat
recuperatéd ‘their energies. . 

But there was no way of satisfying the pangs
of hunger... ,Pe_rcy embraced Arthur ‘and’ sai
withchok_in_g voice: ‘ « '

“We shall never see home again. Oh, how sor
I am that we came into this wretched country

‘fWel;l,”,said ._A,rt_hur desperately,_ “we will "
least die bravely, Percy.”. ‘ l j

.‘.‘Aye, rthatawe awill.” . , ;

An hour» later «a savage advanced from the-_

test with both hands upraised as a sign of 1:‘ V
’A~rthur1 -held a confab with him at the ‘lo,

hole. . . . . y
A surrender. was demanded, promisesﬂbe

made that they would not be harmed. But Arthnre

knew the treachery of the Indian‘. mind too well.
He declined the demand, and the truce bearer

‘returned to the forestgwith theresult that ‘:

chorus ofimaddened whoops followed.» Then-.th.e,

.,painted demons were seen advancing to the as

tack. They had chosen a favorable moments
Arthur looked around, to see that Percy had
faintedewith exhaustion. ’

With white face and stiﬂed breath, Arthur

‘Haynes loaded his riﬂe and ﬁredinto the "aid-‘
yvancingihordeu Now they were at the door, of

the ranch, andywere raining powerful blows" [upon
it. It could not long stand, and the sequel .wo’ulﬂ
be death. ~ i ‘
“Heave'n,help u_s!”*~moaned Arthur Haynes,“
then a wild hurrah burst from his lips.‘ : ,
A tremendous volley smote upon the air, ,1 a,
loud, reverberating cheer, the savage mass divided
and dispersed like chaff, and heaps of dead I’aW

~- nees laybefore‘ the door of the ranch, while

a hundred plain-smen were drawn ,up before ‘lgh
besieged. building. With feeble limbs, Art
made his way down to the door and admit
the rescuers, who were the Frontier Ranger
commanded by the brave Kit Carson. 
Of course, this ended the siege. With food, an
care given them by the kind-hearted rangers;
two boy settlers recovered rapidly. But they ha?

had enough of frontierlife.’ However, the

not "return i east,“ but , settled: "atq
yea “ d rgme

 TIME L Y To PVI cs

‘ " , BLUE ASPEN TREES
Udp'.in‘the mountains above Eagle Valley in C01-
-,-ol-_a 0, about 9,000 feet altitude, there isa blue
 wood. The trees are all aspens. Their white bark
.,'.3ias'a‘ bluish tinge, and ‘where the bark has rubbed

iffor fails to cover the under layers the exposed
“part is distinctly blue.

 Old-trunks that have lost theirxbark are as .blue

 dark blue crayons. There are many of them

lying near one another at the edge of a dark pool-

 the middle of the woods, and even the water
has a bluish cast that is not a reﬂection of the

_>_81FY-

. URBANIZED FLORA - '
Lacking garden space, many apartment house
owners of the city have installed at ‘entrances and

lnfoyers boxes and vases of various gayly colored .

artiﬁcial/ﬂowers. The practice has advocates who

' tend that the so-called “cliif-dwellers” are lov-

ers’ of nature and must have substitutes for the

real thing. Now that the Summer has brought

cheaper and more abundant ﬂowers, some land-

lords mix natural ﬂowers with the artiﬁcial ones

_;to enhance the verisiinilitude of the decorative
“scheme. ‘ ' ' «

0 FOREST FIRES SPREAD IN THE

. I , NORTHWEST '

Sweeping forward with increased intensity for-

t ﬁres on several fronts in the Northwest lately

broken bounds andcallsfor help were heard

in several forest service camps. . i

> Fires spreading on the Columbia national forest

lines were the most menacing, it was reported.

V-‘Volunteers were sent to reinforce the 700 men

»;  attempting to control the Columbia section
‘“ es. '

 Reports from the Malheur national forest said
:«',l:hirt'y-seven lightning fires and six man-caused
sliciad burned over ya‘ large area of considerable
en . * .
 SOME AGE FOR NINE GERMANS!

,, LFranziska Quenfell, of Berlin, who celebrated
ﬂier one hundredth birthday anniversary recently,
[claims the world’s record for family longevity.
."She is the surviving member of a famil of nine‘
whose years total 885 and Franziska be ieves she
, _, ‘ll add quite a few to this number.

‘ Three of her sisters have passed the century
ganark and ﬁve others of the family have lived be-

j- :—_gyc+_nd ninety. The member cut ‘off earliest in life

‘ s just pastthe ninety-second birthday.

‘N
, ‘Frau Quenfell, born in Luenzel, was a ioneer

I Jlnlorganizing women’s societies, in which s e was ’

“ﬁﬁtive until a few years ago. She whiles away

{the time now by doing fine needlework, which she .

does without the aid of glasses.

REWARD FOR MISSING DOG
ive years ago Spottie, a male French bulldog,
netwuo years old, barked and romped into the
antic surf to save a‘ ‘seven-year-old boy from
‘etug of I the undertow. .By this one feat he

‘himself to’ the statusyof a candidate for the
» ‘ ad. is the hem;

iii ,_ fat as‘ one,

‘time, hesaid, ‘developmentwill be taking

, railroads. Both stressed the industry and ‘_

_When _Spot_tie’s owners» moved to New
City, to live in apartment 33 of the Hotel
T38?-nsett,. he was forced to remain at home
out "at the end ‘of 'a peremptory leash‘.
ca_r_ meant no..more to him than a cat,”
said. Be that as it may, Spottie did t 0
out a leash one afternoon, that of J u y

"then he has not been seen‘:

S_pottie‘ is a good-sized animal, brown, 
white star on his_ breast. Both his ears an
are ‘_~m011t- He goes for big’ dogs-out of /11 bit,
and is prone to wag his tail when some one saw
“Where’s Joe?” or “Where’s sister?” "Joe, the '
he rescued from drowning, wants very inuchltb see
him again. There is a reward for hisfretu_r’n.,,

WORK ON HUDRSON BAY RAILWAY 3*
ESUMED ’ .

Work will begin at once on completion “ " ”
Hudson Bay Railway to Fort Churchill,,;,Ch
A. Dunning, Minister of Railways, said rec
on his return from investigation of harborvfi
sibilitiesat the bay. A . , T 
The Minister said that construction would
from both ends. The end of the railway isnew

" Mile 356, near Limestone River. It will be de ‘*

ed from this point. almost due lnorthwest
Churchill, adistance of 150 miles- Iiithe
8.68
the ‘harbor to_ make it possible tohave it ° ‘ "
ready_for navigation when the line is comple '
While he seemed loath to set a time limit on

completion of the road "Mr. Dunning said th ’
should be completed within two years.

A BARBECUE T0 NEGROES IN GE.0_y
An outing designed to stren hen the lion .
amity and good-will existin etween the wlil
citizens and negroes at Woo land, Ga., jvii
the attendance of’. several thousand parse,
both races. The gathering was believed’ tli ~'
negro home-comingever given by 9. W11"
zenry. _ v- I
Prominent members of both racesfdelivereé.
dresses in evidencing the friendship of the try
this part of the State. The occasioivwas pl '
primarily that the people of Talbot County.m_
manifest their appreciation of the loyalty anjd
dustry of the negroesin the county, few of wla
have migrated. ' = . , p
_ A bountiful barbecue was ‘tendered to th
groes after the speaking, followed by var_i

;1etic events, including a baseball gamein W

5.

only the negroes participated. -
The principal white speakers were H‘. A
brooks and John Rigden, agricultural ag
of the negroes here and urged continua '
greater farming activities, principally ind _‘ ‘
and poultry raising. They pointed out ‘th A
negro family owning and operating farms ;
South have become prosperous and have a‘ '
lated more money than those whohav niig
The»Rev. J. R. Cason, principal ne 
asserted tlie_bel'ef that the G V '
i '  nenrmhas. ‘

      
 
  
          
        

 
  
 

FAMILY WASHDAY ‘“BLUES"
. (. ENGLISH TOWN V
3 Much of the dreariness and “blues” Of the

LEAVE

   

- Birmingham’s English municipal laundry,
_ rgest of its kind in the world, in which a wash~
mg which ordinarily requires a whole day will
onsume less than two hours. .

‘ -Birmingha.m’s laundry will open in the fall. A
fusewife will be able to place her_soilecl_ clothes
‘ ‘a power driven machine, then into a hydro-
xtractor to remove moisture, and finally into’ a
rying closet. Her only.work besides ringing
‘ hamper of laundry will be _to pull two levers
dfturn two taps. Motor driven mangles and
plectric iron_s_will also be available, as well as
_p,ecial'fac1lities for clothing likely to 1058 C0101‘ In

ashing.

  

 
     
 
  

  
       
       
   
     
     

  

A FATAL FREAK ACCIDENT L

_ Four men were killed and one other is believed

31 gas a result of a freak railroad accident near

gliria recently when a combination passenger and
~ 2 ght train on the Baltimore. and Ohio Railroad

k 7a heavy oil truck and caught fire. The

 
    

      
       
     
    
      
 
    
  

xtéd enveloping‘ the s_peedi-ng_cars in ﬂames.
alvin Hannum of Cincinnati; a baggage man,
11 to the top of one of the freight cars, set
nd brakes and brought the train to a stop,
.1! Wing the passengers to escape. _

oward Davis of Dayton, a_ messenger on the
- Anthony F. Lorie of Cincinnati, ﬁreman;
éerr -B. J. Libner of Cincinnati and L. N.
ary, driver of the truck, were killed.

"A LEY’S OLD CANOE TO BE EXHIBITED
” ‘xhibit calculated to interest Americans,
5 and Belgians will be found at the forth-
1tig‘»Colonial.Exposition at Ostend. It is an
wﬁ: can canoe showing the marks of strenuous
" ' Upon the stern it bears the initials A. I. A.,
h‘;. stand for the African International Asso-
tio .

   
    
    

  

 
 

  

de;d:and explored the Congo River. It had
stone, which was conducted in another part
African Continent. After that ﬁrst ex-
. in which Stanley proved his skill as .an ex-
re1_',1h'e was commissioned by the King of the
glans to explore the Congo and thus open the
” D r the development of the African Inter-
~Association and the creation of the Free
of.Congoi It was in this canoe that he per-
‘ a. large .part of that work, padd mg
gh a thousand miles of unbroken_wilderness.

  
  

       
    
   
  

()W1C0URTS METE OUT A DEATH
‘  SENTENCE
thin the "last few weeks ‘
been tried for misdemeanors in court and
lty. Those who are familiar with me-
ustoms will remember. that it. Was. _C9m1}’l0I1
arraign animals before the bar __of Jus-
eveniinsect pests were anathematized -by
 1 A In these enteenighfentury

  

 
    
     
 

T meliND_ .~om.iw¢EKLg..
‘ 3 ITEMS. « OF ‘INTEREST’ “

a pig that had killed a child was tried for murder
. -in France, and aplague of_ grasshoppers was aili-

amilv washday will be eliminated for housewives ’

‘sometimes lasting for several days.

sprayed oil over the train, which became’

Th: isthe canoe in which Henry M. Stanley v

hing tovdo with his successful search for Dr. .

cared animal‘didn’t like the classical surroundi

both a cow and a dog.
.the Republican Party tendered it to him and

reiiom natio

cially condemned. for-ruining crops nurtured by
the Lord. .

' But stranger than man bringing beasts or other
creatures to trial is that any being less than hu-
man should exercise such a prerogative. Front
reliable ornithological sources comes the observa-
tion that crows hold something approximatin .
court at which a culprit is apparently tried antf, if
found guilty, put to death. ‘ .

The scene as described by several naturalists
depicts the crows as gathering in a remote open
space in the woods, coming thither from all points
of the compass. A raucous convention is held;
, Usually
apart, perched disconsolately on the limb of a‘
tree, is the prisoner, with one or two companions,
presumably guards. At the end the crows make
it their business to attack the “sentenced” membe
of .the ﬂock and “execute” the order of the .“court.”

Both in England and in America such procee
ings have been observed among rocks or crow
and it is an interesting speculation whether they,
are scenes of retributive justice. Crows 9.
thieves and sometimes deliberately destroy then‘.
fellows’ nests.

    
    

COOLIDGE SCHOOLDAY SILENCE

President Coolidge’s proverbial silence once
stood him and his school chums in good stead, said,
Representative E. W. Gibson of Vermont.recent_lyI~
in discussing the President’s recent statement on.
the Presidential campaign in 1928. 3

Mr. Gibson, who servedas a Captain during th
World War and is now on his way to France
revisit the battleﬁelds-and attend the America
Legion convention, was a schoolmate of the Pres
dent at Black River Academy at Ludlow, Vt.

“Many persons who didn’t have the privilege of
knowing the fun-loving red-headed boy full 0
pranks at the Black River Academy misjudge
President Coolidge and think he is alwaysserious,
and silent,T’ Mr. Gib,son_ said. “It is true that _he
doesn’t‘ talk much.’ He didn’t as a boy, but he
not perpetually serious and silence is one of h
strong points. I recall when it served him‘ well-
as a student. ' s - ' 3 ‘

“A jackass found its way one night into a class
room on an upper ﬂoor of the academy. The long-

 
    
       
     
 

 
  
 
    
  
  
  

   
    
  

    
   

   
   
     
     
   

  
   
  

and played havoc with the desks, tables and book, _
and roughed the place up generally .to the great
displeasure of the Faculty. ,_
“Cal Coolidge and several of us other students
were repeatedly grilled. The Facultyfelt pretty
sure it had the culprits, but failed. to get a wor
out of Coolidge and the rest of us and it was never
established who was guilty.” - ~-

Mr. Gibson expressedthe opinion that Mr. 
idge would accept the Presidential nominatiiia»

  
  
      
   
    

  

 
  
   

    
  

the Pr1_esident’s recent statement merely mean
that Mr.’ Coolidge would not make th ra
. . ,1 _ . ,

  In the Land of Gold; or, The Young

 A

     Week}.

—— Latest

Cast-
, aways of the Mystic Isle. V

‘V1097 Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds; or, The

Twin Boy Brokers .of Wall Street.

'109,S After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky

Young Wall Street Broker.

f1<§99 A Lucky'Lad; or, The Boy Who Made 3

Railroad Pay.

.1100 Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the

Wall Street Money Market.

.1101 Dick, the Bey Lawyer; or, Winning a Big

Fee.

102 Broker Dexter's New Boy; or, A Young In-
nocent in,.Wa1l Street. .

.1103 From Mill ‘to Millions; or, The Poor Boy

Who Became‘ a Steel Magnate.

;.1104 Three Grand Speculators; or,“ The Wall

Street Boys’ Syndicate.

Stroke of Luck_; ‘or, The Boy Who Made
Money in Oil. ;
1106 Little Hal, the Boy Trader; or, Picking Lip
" Money in Wall Street.

 On the Gold Coast;'or, The Treasure of the

’ Stranded Ship.

108

:1 " in Wall Street. . _ _
109 Trading Tom; or, The Boy» Who Bought

' Everything.
1110 Favored by Fortune; or, The Youngest Firm
in Wall Street.

V 111 Jack J asper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route to .

‘Fortune.

1112 After Big» Money; or. Turning the Tables
on the Wall Street Brokers.

.1113 A Young Lumber lKing;§"‘or, The Boy Who
. \ ‘

»Worked' His Way Up. . . _
1114 Ralph Roy's Riches: or, A Smart Boy’s Run
, _ of Wall Street. « -

 A‘Castaw‘ay’s Fortune; or, The Hunt for a-

Pirate’s Gold.

1116 The Little Money Maker; or, The Wall

. y Street Boy Who Saved the Market.
117 Rough and Ready Dick; or, A Young Ex-
‘ press A2:ent’s Luck.

(113. Tipped Off by Telegraph; or, Shaking Up

‘X ‘A ~ the Wall Street “Bears." re.

119 The Boy~’Builder; or, The Rise of a Young
,- M8.SOI1- ’ S

For sale by all uewsdealers, or will be sent to any

money or postage stamps.
. I '

Luredl by the Market; or, A Boy’s Big Deal ~

Issues —

1120 Marty th M ; , c - 4
in vta11°str§§§.eng" °r apt“m.'5»

1121 Tl:*lB<e6SS1:]%(¢;;:‘1c}I13$a13:k Note; or, The career‘

1122 Digging Up Dollars; or,
Young “Bull” Operator. , ‘
1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried» T
of the Incas. » .,
or, The Boy,

1124 The Old Broker’s Heir;
1125 From Farm to’Fortune; or, The *

The Note

‘Won In Wall Street.
Made. Money In Land. ,

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,() _‘ '—
a Dime. 

1127 The Boy Railroad Magnate-e or A'~1‘1ie
tract That Brought a Million.’ ’
1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or
‘ tlmg for Gold »in Wall Street. I 
1129 Caught By Cannibalsi or The T1:
the Land of Fire.  k '
1130 The Little Operator; or; Corn
“Bears” of Wall Street. ,, V
1131 Air Line Ed; or Building ,3 Telegra
1132_'A Boy‘-of the Curb; or, The Se ej;
" Treasury Note. . ~ . :;
1133 Frorn Foundry Boyto Steel King” f "
X Rise of a Young Bridge Builder; _
1134 The Missing Box of Bullion- or, .T
rWho Solved a Wall Streetilllly
1135 Claim No. 7; or, A Fortune fro
Mine. , l \ . 1 
1136 Out for Big Money; or,*’I'ouclungv
Wall Street Traders. V  f
1137 The Boy Ice King; or, Coining M6 '
the River. “ 1 ,
1138 Four of a. Kind; or, The Combznatie
Made Wall Street Hum. ‘ ' y " '
1139 Bob. Brandon, Contractor; or The
_ That‘ Led To Fame. .-
1140 A Boy From the_ South‘; ‘or,
' Wall Street Crowd. : _
1141.,Hal, the Hustler; or, The: Feat T
_ xMim Famous’. * L  " A
1142 A Mad Broker's Scheme; or, The Go ~
Cou1dn’t Be Worked. I ~ ;

1143 Dollars From Dust; . ‘or, The‘
Worked a Silver Mine.

Clea .1‘:

address on receipt, of price, 8 cents pen

.  y 1 .vvi:sTBuRY l’UBLlSHIl\1GCO., Ire;

