Na 1107 NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17. 1926 Price 8 Cent‘

       

 

      

»« ’’‘-*v-.-M .9 -,»

S V\‘7l?ﬂ@

. - «AZ; '9' :..,;r . -','
"Look!look!" cried Will. in 1 startled tone. as Jack raised the axe to enlarge the hole “Grout
Scott!" gupod Jack. glancing upward. The deck of the deserted old bu!!!

wu alive with uvnge-looking black men armed with spout

    
    
 

Pub )1

 

 FAME A ND FORTUNE WEEKLY
K80 Weeklﬁ.—-giligisgigtion Price. $4.50 per 781:. Canada, 84,350:

West 23d street. New York. N. Y. E
1911. at the Post-Oﬂlce at New York. N. I‘.. under the Act of March 3. 1879

F ' . .00. Weltb Publish! Co..
ca.-ea°§§’%'éc33a.ci... m‘§§.’., ocmnefi. ""*

 

ju No. 1107

 

NEW YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1926

Price 8 Cents.

on THE Cow COAST

OR; THE TREASURE ‘OF THE STRANDED SHIP

 

3- By A SELF-MADE MAN

   
    
    
   
  

CHAPTER I.—Comrades in Peril.

“Begorra! it's a foine pickle we're in, so it is!”
_ taid Larry Lambert in a lugubrious tone as he sat
- —with his chin buried in the palms of his knotty-
ilooking hands. and his elbows sup orted by his

knees. “Where are we at all, at a , I dunno.”
-‘,“Don’t worry, Larry; we'll get outéof this some-
how,” replied Jack Harding in a con dent tone.

,.. “I hope we will,” interjected Will Tupper in a

' not over-hopeful voice; “but this blamed fog may
last for hours yet’!

The three boys, all about the same age, and
 dressed in picturesque sailor tags, were seated in
' i a‘ small sloop-yacht that was drifting aimlessly

 the midst of a thick fog somewhere oil’ the
south ‘shore of Long Island. They had started
«from Southampton that morning for a day’s
cruise offshore in Will Tupper’s craft, the.“Sun-
ham,” and were on their way back late in the
' mean when the wind dropped, leaving them
< ~ becalmed miles from the land. T en, to
their dismay, the sea mist, dense and clainmy,
rolled in from the ocean and enveloped them in
its opaque folds. Will was the son of a New York
l-broker whose family was summerin at South-
ton, He was a good-looking, gent emanly bo ,
: ' something of an
W m iiassionately ‘fond of the water, and had

. g t his sloop-yacht down to the Long Island
suminer resort with him, and spent most of his
aboard of her. _
| Jack Harding was a strong. hearty, ﬁne-looking

‘young fellow, who lived with his widowed mother
Dd two sisters in a modest cottage in the suburbs
the town. - He was an experienced boatman,
fortunate enough to
A a craft of his own.‘ _Tupp_er, _lookin for a

as person to help him sail his yac t, had
. his acquaintance and hired him for the sea-
.. The two boys took an immediate f_anc to
other, and, in spite of the difference in en-
in stations. soon e chums. Larry Lam-
ayyoung Irishman not long in America, had
elliiiloyed by Will's father to act as a general

cottage hehsd taken for the sum-
fency to him, too. Ind
carried him

 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   

 

   
   

       
     
 

aifiateur yachtsman. e _ be

suits of dark-blue cloth, and round, ﬂat caps, sim-
ilar to those worn by the sailors in the American
navy, so that the three lads presented a natty ap-
pearance whenever they went aﬂoat.

“The fog won’t last forever,” said Jack in re-
ply to Tupper's remark. “These summer f
usually break up in an hour or two when a breeze
stars up. We can’t be more than three miles
from shore, and even if we drift off a couple more
it won’t take us long to make the harbor with a
good wind, for this craft is a bummer when she
gets down to business." '

“It’s so late in the afternoon now that it may
get dark before the mist lifts,” answered Will.

“It won’t be dark for three good hours yet,” re-
plied Jack. -

“Well, let’s get into the cabin out of this muck,"
said Will, getting up from the semi-circular cush-
ioned seat in the cockpit.

“We can’t all go in at one time. One of us
must remain out here and keep a strict watch, for
we’re lyin in the track of steamers and big ves-
sels bouifg for Sandy Hook, and unless we keep
our weat er eye_ lifting there is a chance of our
bein run down in the mist,” said Jack.

“ owly Mother!” groaned Larry. “Sure, if we
don"t go to the bottom I’m thinkin’ it's lucky we'll

' f‘You’ve got good ears, haven't you,‘ Larry?”
said Jack.

“Faith, I have.”

“You ought to be able to hear an approaching
steamer while she's still half a mile away. Get
your pea-jacket and sit here with your ears
cocked to all points of the compass. If you hear
the least sound of a vessel or steamer in the vicin-
ity yell out to us.”

“And what will yez do thin?"

“We’ve got a revolver and some red and blue
lights in a. locker. We'll make our presence
our position known in a jiffy,” replied Jack.

rry got his pea-jacket and seated '
near the tiller with all his senses on the alert,

while Jack and Will took their seats in the cabin, . ,

after the former had lighted thevreﬁector lamp in

the forward bulkhead. The “Sunbeam” was a be " .

craft in every respect. The cabin was  in
polished oak with gold t  T “lockers
were,ofoak,cove:od withsill: cuIhieIu,w£?.

a ‘soft fancy pillow. embroidered with

 

  

    

2 « ON THE GOLIS CO./5_Sl':1‘

signs in the centre of which the letter “S” stood

._ out in relief, at each end of them to lounge on.

These lockers could be turned into beds if occa-
sion called for the change, the bedclothes being
stowed away in the lower of the two lockers un-
der each. The yacht was ﬁtted with a deep semi-
circlar keel. which did away with a centre—board
and its casing. consequently the cabin was clear
of any obstruction.

The disadvantage of this arrangement was that
the boat couldn't travel in shallow water. but she
was able to stand up well in a heavy blow, for
her lead-tipped keel acted like a centre-board.
Her buoyancy was further assured by four air-
tight copper tanks in her hold, so that she was
practically unsinkable unless run down and cut in
two. A small extension mahogany table was
screwed to the centre of the ﬂoor, and there were

it four cupboards. two of which were ﬁlled with

china and glassware. carefully secured against
-ordinary breakage when the little vessel rolled

' and pitched in a heavy sea. The other two cup-
boards were packed with a supply of canned and
potted goods, glass jars of fruits, pickles, and
such like. .

There was also an ice-chest concealed from
sight, while the centre of the hold between the
copper tanks was divided into two compartments
by a narrow oblong fresh-water tank. One of the

‘ compartments was used as a store-room and
larder, the other for the storage of various odds
‘and ends. The forepeak, which was entered from
.-* the cabin. was quite roomy, with a deadlight on
" either side,’and was ﬁtted with a fair-sized oil
stove with four burners. and every necessary ar-

. tide and kitchen utensil of the best make. The
’ yacht. while not intended for ocean cruises, was
capable, if.properlv provisioned. of being navi-
ted across the Atlantic at a pinch. with small
get of being lost, even in a hurricane, under
expert management. To save time from hanging
' heavy on their hands Will get out his checker-

hoar ,

  
   
    
    
  
    
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
  

and the two boys. both good players, were

soon absorbed in the game. An hour passed and
than Jack said:

‘i “Larry has been on

, duty ‘long enough. I'll go
outside and relieve ' "

him.
He donned his pea-iacket and left the cabin.

, ‘ “Get under cover. Larry. Pin going to stand
watch for the next hour.” he said. »

:. The Irish lad was well pleased to get in out of
Hie fog, which was denser, if anything, than ever,

.. though he had some misgivings as to the propriety

of his presence in the cabin, for he did not stand

on the same footing with Jack aboard. _

-, “How are things, Larry?'_’ asked Will when

Llmbertwalked into the cabin. _
‘fsorra a bit better. sor. Worse, if an

L The air is loike pay soup, so it is. Sure, I
‘ ‘ya could cut it with a knife."

“Sit down and make yourself at home.”

Won’t I sp'ile

in’.
lave

ffwhat on wan 0! thin: lockers?
the ¢ushious.'sor?”
“Dmft worry about the cushions. Take off your

‘, amt ‘t stbedam.I-I .'t n
 »°’ '...“‘.i'...,i...un at s.“€‘i.‘i ‘....‘:‘£i.‘;.

 ‘ . iidhereusii o'clock. W,
’’ '’£“n'.I'y°’Iiu‘iui,nigiL~»— V‘ ~ . °

' 1  ‘gzeggthers of work to do
' , {rt dinner." " ..
‘ ‘~ “aim iriieiwe rgrn ar-

 

rant, and Indoubt if you get home before it’s time .
to“t3in in. d ' Th
. mur_ er. _ e cook will be afte ' ' ’
8 800d bastin’ with the broomstick Whllll §li‘eu<1:lau;
her Ifyes on me.”  ,
“ i h ’t.  ’ "5’
.e“¢.%;*il. .:.:i.:.*L‘.‘.“:..°;‘.*.?::?»’°° *°
‘a,'s't?F'th,I ld’t -- -
tance if I'd blaen boﬁili a do(fl(<)."1’ n smm the dw-
"N0. I_don’t think you could. We must be all
of live miles from Southampton by this time.”
“If we're not thin I'll be thankful.”

“Oh. We can't be so far offshore as that. We

’ were only about three when the fog caught us.’,$

“But. 501‘. they say the tide is moighty power.
ful round here, and it was beginnin’ to set 03- *
shgre whin the mist came on.”
thm'lI‘gliI_etff1c1iﬁ:yhas been on for two hours," said Will

“Yis. sor; all of that.”

“If it carried us awav at the rate of three miles
an“hour, we're out of sight of land by this time." C '

Don t say thot, sor! ’ replied _Larry with a look j"
pt alarm. _Sure, if we lose soight of the shores“
it ‘sqltost entoirelly we are.” A

onsense, ar , W ’ t
aboard, and would rge ableetgemglge Iilingoln  
again with that. even if we were ﬁfty miles or —‘
more away.” ‘ "

“Is that a fact? It's a wonderful instruuient, ""’
ain't it, sor?" ' 

::Yes. _A vessel couldn’t get along without up 
itW’I‘he little ﬁnger always pints wan way, don't

"‘Y_es-—to the north." _ 
“Will concluded to go into the cockpit and talk" A;
with Jack, who was ‘more con enial company for i
him. so he donned his pea-Jae et and left Larry. 
alone in the cabin. , j
n°‘J"8‘}l11ee5sSai3Ve1‘e about ten miles from shore. L-.
“What makes you think we are?” replied Jack.‘f.“<:

“I ﬁgure that the tide has carried us six oz,-3*":
seven miles o_ut..’_’ _ . gr‘
I was thinking that _way myself. We shall v=~

§I:'!oil7;‘ag)slyuha've a long sail back when the  ‘-5.
:There is no sign of it springing up 9: presengn"-‘.;
adAf1;i£srently not. I m afraid this is an EXtl'A_;_.
“It may hang on for several hours yet.”
‘:It is possible.” ;
‘It’s likely to be long after dark by the times - ,
we reach the harbor. As it is after ﬁve now we'll "  4;

have to eat on board." .‘_
of grub. This; .
ou're a lucky .~

 

  
  

_ “We can do that, for we've plen
is a bang-up boat for a cruise.
boy to own such a craft." _ _
I always keep her well provided in case of an} +
emergency. We wouldn't starve if we had to 

  

main out here a month.” .
"1 shall miss and the boat when ‘ 2.
back to New Yam It Iowned suchaynygltxo.
this I'd be the h piest fellow in the world.” i i ‘ ~
“Maybe you wil some day." .. n, "'
“I don't think so. I expect to have to work 
for all that comes my way, and a boat  this‘?
would be a luxury awn beyond my nuns” . .
Th°}W!stalked aw ' 1on¢_er.udthonK§’
soidhe‘d_sotLan7atworkgctt dinner 
was gn;i;aiaenok.uiie.;iaT§ou ~

  
   
       
 
  

   
     
    
  

  
     
 

      
 

 

     
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  

do culinary work in his home among the bogs of
County Sligo, and he. had picked up a whole lot
.'.in the kitchen of the Tupper cotta e, for his bump
of observation was well developed. Will set the
‘table, and at half-past six caIled_ Jack to the
»: while Larry was sent outside to stand

 

I. CPPTER II.—0ut of the Fog at Last.

' 'tedf lt'flsulyof
mg’ .’§5’“§§g§?"f§?.a p3ta£'3e‘§,°§o}t“b..a§," cake,
’ e

 . J 1: nd Will had famous appetites,_ and ot
' :ri9thatheir full share of what was in Slgglt.
" -3; the bed. we: “*.'£::*;,a:.:*;° 
t tsi e an sen
to whzgnwaﬁsu left. He cleaned up the 138607!» 9885
find potatoes, and ﬁnished the coffee and the mar-
jnalade. Then he removed the dishes, waslhed
' ' t it re r ace
. ‘tftlhealdttlplzbliitdlrrdlsedaridrellheycthlciiiisg ?I‘heS gig adpcast
- 4.... about the surface of the sea, and this
-- .more somber as the S31’! e(;ie:;red"j;he hotrizon.
th time Larry had ti i t in_gs UP 1 “'35
V - - dark, and the mist showed no signs ofdbreazcr;
5?‘*‘%‘.“.‘:;.ai2‘i‘.’?..‘§'£“.f.’;‘.‘.','.‘.“‘«}:’..“.‘€°:’.2.‘.l:3‘ 
' rse the fog. The ebb tide which was carry-
ch-in
them fartheg anld farther from‘ the coast
last about ve ours. _ _
’ When the yacht ﬁnally got out of its influence
was twenty miles south and east of Montauk
“Built, the most easterly point of Lon Island. The
, however, had no idea where t e boat was,
all the could do was to wait for a wind. The
0? the ﬂood tide when “it came on) would
j carry the boat northwa ‘again ut no
-  - y in exactly the same directioii whence
had come. There are men currents, and the
...... '*=*'**°:.'.P*.:.*.°d..:.“‘e..°'i?:“°“'*"'°:‘
' ‘ ‘ en r came on -
~ ,,§".‘a, gnchwwill retired to tilt cabin, for
33$ was dark the chill ll} ttlie afir frttigl 
:.waa considerable in ite o e act a I_
Hcloae tothe ﬂrst ofxufuet.
"Wine o'clock." said Will 00 at his watch.
‘ safetostayherethegrea rpartpfthe

- e that way," replied Jack. “What shall
_. ..de to amuse ourselves?” _
9We might try checkers again. You beat Jae
before; I’d like to get my revenge. ,
Wyn." said Jack, and they were soon
at

e and then they thought N? W”

oneofthebedsand lethimturn in
ill. . '

dubetter iixtheotlier and turn in y_0urIe1f."
- Jack. “If; after ten, and there isn't any
., hogiotusstayinzuix l'l1ca1lLIrI7at

 
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  

5

     

  

  

  
  
  

I u°?re“ltl1ieu3i:l:?i'”pe and owner You don't
190 P 1' '_
'_ .. guy inanemer-V
,!'aiwillingtodoIuy araofdlttv-”

llyhewdllclll

on you before morn-

2.‘

 
  

  
 

- .~.' 

rs, marmalade, preserved apricots and cof-r

slept on, n
hiihpdy

 

ON THE GOLD COAST 3

Jack went outside.

“Same old fog, eh,'Larry'."’

“Yis. This is as bad as some of the fogs I’vo,
seen in the ould country.”

‘~‘Then you’ve seen fogs in Ireland, have you?”

“Faith, I have. Many of thim. They come in
from the coast and settle down over the bogs till
yez can't see nothin’ at all, at all. I remimber
it was in wan of thim fogs his riverence, Father
0"l‘oole, lost his loife."

“Who/was Father O'Toole?” _
“The parish priest. Ye see, Barne McQuinlan
sint for him, thinkin’ he was at deat ’s door, and‘
his riverence, who had been expictin’ such a call
in his hurry took a short cut across the bogs, and

that was the last iver sane of him.”

“What happened to him?”

“It was supposed that he fell in wan of the
holes in the hog and couldn't get out ag’in. At
any rate, that was the last of him, more’s the pity,
for he was a foine man. so he was." \

“Well, go into the cabin and turn in for a spell.
I’ll call you at midnight.”

“Sure, where will I turn in?”

“On one of the lockers.”

“Won't I sp’_ile thim pillows wid the ﬂowers on
thim?”

‘‘You’ll find other pillows for your head when
you go in there.”

So Larry entered the cabin. Will came out an
talked with Jack till nearly eleven, and then wen
to bed. After that time hung drearily on Jack,
for the fog remained as dense aae ver, and there
wasn't the suspicion _of a breeze. At midnight
Jack roused Larry up and sent him outside.

“Mind you don't go to sleep," he said as the
Irish lad yawned sleepilg, for he wasn't used to
having his night’s rest roken in upon.. “Bathe
your face in the sea water and that will brighten
you up. .

Larry did so when he got outside, but before ‘
long the lonesomeness and silence overpowered
him, and in spite of his efforts he fell asleep at
his post. Jack had instructed him to call him at
two o'clock, telling him he could ﬁnd out the hour
from Will’s watch. which lay\on the table; but
when two came Larry was snoring away like a
pig and Jack slept on. A light breeze sprang up
and bellied the spread mainsail out a bit on the
side it- was swung out. The sheeeﬁ bein ‘made
fast to a cleat. held it close haul , whigi hap‘- I
pened to be just right for the ‘wind.

The yacht’s head, by good luck, was pointed
nearly u in the wind, and Lari-y’s body uncon-
sciously eld the tiller in the right position, so the
little craft sailed on at about a four~niile gait, not
toward Long Island, but away from it, due south-
east. As the moments passed the wind gathered
more weight and pulled the boat faster th
the water, healing her a bit to The by t
had a stron weather-helm, an in the position '
Larry slum red the tiller pressed Igﬂinltxhil
chest. It didn't waken him. however, and the‘

craft skimmed gayly along through the fast. die-‘ . ’

aplplearingf fog.h d
te I .
aboiituthg 88:16.0 “The I 7a'n

sky in the east in to '
a new day was at d,

    
    
     
   
   

  

   

4 V ON 'l‘HE'GOLD COAST

.- ened still more and the sea, became more dis-
turbed. The entire heaven was overcast with
leaden clouds betokening the coming of rough
weather. As the yacht began to pitch in the seas

 Larry awoke with a start. At first he was dazed

and could not comprehend where he was. ’ He im-

agined he was dreaming, and the dream was cer-

tainly not a pleasant one. At length he pulled
himself together and realized his surroundings.

“Faith, it’s aslape I've been, so I have, and that

was ag’in orders," he muttered. “Be me sowl,

things have changed a good bit since me last re-

mini rance. Thin it was calm and the fog as

. thick as stirabout; now it seems the fog is gone,

‘ it's blowin' moighty fresh, and the boat is dancin’

ahead loike a young colt. Sure, it, must be after

two o'clock. I belave it's near mornin’, "from the

_ looks of things. Mother. of Moses! if the tiller

» ain't stickin’ into me chist loike it would bore a

hole through me. It's afraid I am to let it. go,

the way the boat is caperin’. Thin how am I to

I go into the cabin. to wake Jack? The boat might

'_ ,' get and drown us all. I must let things go as

-' ~ are till Jack wakes up of his own accord

7- andycoines out to take charge bimsilf."

‘L  — * :It was fortunate that the wind held steady, for

‘_‘~ Iarry wasn't.much of a sailor, and could only

T   ’ . sugar thryacht under the most’ favorable‘ condi-

tions. Holding the tiller with his hand against
his bod liekept the lit nearly on her ' lit-
cotirae, t it was acci nt, notslti 1, that enab ed,
him to so. Larry looked over the ruﬂled ocean,

but not a sign of land could he see anywhere, nor
was therea sail in sight. _

“Howly St. Patrick! are we sailin’ back to the
harbor or away from it, I.duni_io,‘,’ It’s nothin’
but salt water I can see on all sides. Maybe the
compass will l me.” -

He looked under the hood of the little brass
’ , ‘ binnacle in front of him, but at first could make
neither head nor tail of the shivering card. At
length he made out that the unsteady needle was
pointing in a direction almost opposite to the
“course the yacht was following. hen he knew
1_ ‘that the boat was going away from Long Island
' and not toward it. _

.3‘Be the hoof of Balaam’s rabbit! it's south
we're travelin’, and that won’t do at all, at all. I
must call Jack up someliowﬂ’. _ .

With that he let out a hail toward the cabin
, door that might have‘ wakened the dead had they

rheen near a cemetery.

  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
    

 iCHAP’1‘ER,IIl.’—In the Teeth of a Gale.

C,It,awakened Jack from his slumbers, and lie
tumbled out of his bunk to feel the yacht bound-
over the water like a thing of life. He also
that it was daylight. . . _

.. ,“Why, how is this, Larry?" he cried, springing
out into the cockpit. “The fog gone entirely, the
wind iping at a lively rate and the sun almost
_ . didn't you call me before,-and how long

since the weather changed?" _
 "B5 some time, since the 108 lifted, and I didn't
' yes because .1‘ thought I’d_ t and steer me-
lied Lara» who was ed to admit

’ i  onighis watch.‘ _

7 _ ‘, teohamduidtheseaistoo,

    
  

    

 
 
    

» with her in the distance-the seaseape
_ lonesome.

- ing over on the floor.

v; “some _hours,- and land

  
 

rough for you to steer,” said Jack, as he took
Lambei't’s place at the tiller.  

Then he glanced at the compass, expecting to
ﬁnd the boat headed about north.

“Great cobblestones!” he ejaculated. “We're -
sailing east by south. How long has she been 011:;/‘
this course?" "

_ “Ever since she started,” hazarded Larry, tak- ‘
mg the fact for granted since he hadn’t altered.
the boat's course.

“liook out for your head.
about,” cried Jack. ,
Larry ducked as the boom came aboard and -

then swung off to starboard. At that moment
the clouds parted for a moment close to the wa-.;
tery horizon in the east, and the upper disk of ' —
the rising sun came into view. A rud gleam <
shot athwart the surface of the ocean and rought
into sight a full-rigged shig headed northwest... 1
She made a fine picture wit every sail set, and’
seemed less ; 
, Jack was sensible that the sky ])0.D°,.:.
tended unfavorable weather,- and it was not with-.13,
out anxiety that he began to wonder how far out ,i‘ ‘
on the Atlantic the yacht was. He told to *9
turn in, not suspectingthat the Irish lad had ept ,
longer thanhe had himself. Larry was in no}
hurry to avail himself of this privilege, for .lie.J« -
was now wide awake and had no particular desire _ i
to_ sleep any more. _._ —

“_Sure, I don't feel. sla_py a bit. When I turn in -
a_g’in, I hope ‘it will be in me own bed in the car- -
riage loft,” he said.

“_Then you'd better go and get breakfast ready
while you have the chance, for unless I'm much . »
'iInis1t(aken we’re in for a lively return trip,” said

ac .

Larry thought so, too, from the way the yacht V ~
was pitching on her new course, so he hastened. '3
to the forepeak to. begin his culinary duties. The
oil stove_ was_ stationary, of course, and was" ‘
rigged with wire devices for holding the pots and V
pans in place above the burners when the boa ‘-
pitched as she was doing at present. ' In- spite of J‘;
the above advantages, Larry soon found that .
cooking under existing conditions was a strenu- . N
ous performance, and so he limited the bill-of- ' 7
fare to fried eggs and coffee, with fried potatoes. ""

“Sure, some potted mate will do as well as any- -t. 1
thin’ else, and it's all ready to ate as soon as the 
cover comes off,” he muttered. 

As soon as everything was read h to, ','l
set the table. The plates, knives inde f1c)i:§:nim- . ‘.
mediately began to move hither and thither as 
fast as he _laid them down, and he was contin-* .5
ually grabbing at them to prevent them from gm ~ -r

I'm going to ,come

    
   

“Faith, it's a foine time we'll have atin’ thigh
mcgil-nin’,” he grumbled, as he danced about the‘.
ta e. =

Ellielroiii he marllie awoke Wig.

e o arry, W at are you oing‘."' he asked, *

“Tryiii' to set the table, sor.” ’

“Set the table? Is it morning'.”._’

“Yis, sor.’.’ V ‘
f‘;V}\"hrye..;,the yacht is moving. Are we in sight
0 0 . ‘

“No, "cor. We’re in sight of a sh‘ , thot’a all‘.’,§A=- .
“How_long has the yacht been ii)” wayrﬁ, "ii
“Some hours. nor." ~.  I

    

  

   
 

 
 

    
    
 
   
 

  

]x'zot,.L.iia ‘aim  I.‘ ‘I

  
 
 
 

  

  

0151 ‘THE GOLD COAST 5

 ' gracious! \ We must have drifted a good distance
‘._. ml)_ .

“Yis, sor. I’m thinkin’ so mesilf. Yez had.b_et,-
ter-get up, for breakfast is all ready and waitm .
. 31 must go and look at the things on the stove, but
4‘; I'm afeard to lave the table.” _ .

 “Whyso?” asked Will, Jumping up and reach-
ing for his trousers.
‘ “Sure, everythin’ is liable to dance on to the
ﬂute the boat is thot unstidy.”
Will lau ed and hurried on his clothes. After
Jiiaking a. asty toilet and calling out “Good-
morning, Jack,” to the steersman, he stoodguard
 in Lari-y’s place over the tableware. The Irish
‘ff "boy dished up a part of the breakfast for W111,
’ and the young owner made a hasty meal. Then
he went out into the cockpit.
1] “Things look kind of squally, don’t they, Jack?”
e sai ’ *’
“They do that. I'm afraid we’ll run into a
gale before we can fetch the harbor,” replied
. Jack. L
 “Well, go and get your breakfast. I’ll take
your place.” _
- V\’ill was quite capable of handling the yacht
. as matters stood. so Jack resi ed the helm to him
,, and entered the cabin. He ound Larry holding
his cup of coffee in one hand while he used his
knife with the other.
“Will yez help yoursilf, Jack?
hands full at 'prisent,” said Larry. -.
' "Sure I will,” replied Harding, and he proceed-
: ed to get his breakfast as best he could.
~ _“I’l1 lave the dishes stand till we t into port,”
: . said the Irish boy, when both had nished; “and
glgaglenough l’ll be whin we get into smooth water
a -)9

.

I’ve got me

—Both boys went into the cockpit. ’ _

. ' “It's getting rougher every minute, Jack,” said

\Vill. “That ship yonder is taking a reef in some
; of her sails,’and so I think it is_ advisable to take
._‘eouple of reefs in our mainsail.” .
u “I was about to suggest that,” replied Jack.

Come, Larry, get busy.”
: , _The upper boom was lowered enough to enable
, them to put a reef in the bottom of the sail, and
.then the job was repeated, ‘thus reducing the
_ ' spread of canvas by a third. The wind increased
*‘ so fast that it was considered necessary to put a
third reef in the sail, and under that the “Sun-

   
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
    
   
   

 

giistant ship reduced sail considerably, taking in
some of her canvas altogether, which showed that
glier skipper: anticipated dirty. weather.
later the -wind was blowing a. gale and the sky
.Was more threatening than ever. The seas were
running so high that Jack deemed it_best to lay
0- The ship which they had kept in si ht so long
 disappeared in the mist _atmosp ere.« The
cht had come back to wit in ﬁf-teen miles of
’ ‘ g Island, though she was several miles to the

astward of it. _
, The gale had chopped around a couple of points
and blew against them. The result was theyacht
is carried back over the course she had followed.
gxlltters grew .worse instead of better as time
 The boys were compelled to come around
9 run before the wind. which took them fur-
_ and further-'frmi their native land. _The
 . craft skimmed over the seas like a frigh_t-
 he water dashed on board , in

 
    
 

   
  

zbeam” tore along as fast as a racehorse. The

An hour '

  

bucketfuls and the cockpit was continually awash.’
‘Jack sat at the tiller clad in an oilskin coat and.

steered, while the wind and spray ﬂogged his
back. Larry was kept busy bailing the cockpit
out. Will remained in the cabin until it was time
for him to relieve Jack. When noon came around
the boys had to be satisﬁed witli,a..cold bite, as
Larry couldn’t undertake to do any cooking on
account of the continuous plunging of the yacht.
The gale became almost a hurricane during the
afternoon, and the yacht would certainly have
been swamped but for its air-tanks, which kept
it as buoyant as a lifeboat.

“Howly Moses! Will we ever get out of this, I
dunno?” said Larry, who was exhausted by his
efforts to keep the water from ﬂooding the cabin.

“Oh, we’ll ride it out somehow,” responded Jack.
“This boat can't sink.”

“It’s a wonderful boat, so it is; but me heart is
in me mouth just the same. Luk at thim waves
follerin’ us. I’m expectin’ ivery moment they'll
swamp us, yet they niver same to reach us. Jist
as they are about to break over us, troth! up goes
the boat and chates ’em. It’s e eyes that are so
full of spray thot I'm afeard ’ll niver be able to
see wid any satisfaction ag’in.”

It was small wonder that Larry was appalled
by the situation. Jack and Will were uneasy as
well, though they put on a bold front. Jack had
seen some rough weather, Will ve - little;
neither, however, anything that could ho d a can-
dle to the present storm. Though the boat was
practically unsinkable, it was still liable to be
smashed by the waves. Had one good sea hit the

yacht fairly it would have been all over with

them. Her lightness carried her out of reach of
them, like a cork, for the action of the waves is
always rhythmical. As long as she was ke
headed into the wind she was comparatively sa e.
So the afternoon, dull and menacing, passed
away, and black darkness, that seemed like a
dense funeral pall, enveloped everything. The
horrors of that long night the boys never forgot.
They scarcely touched a bit of food, so anxious
were they. When daylight came on they were
ready to drop from fatigue, but there was no let
up for them, though the gale seemed to be break-
ing. How far south they now were they had not
the faintest idea, but they reckoned over 100
miles. ’As a matter of fact, they had been driven
over 200 miles southeast from the Lon Island.
shores, and into the midst of the braid tlantic.
The wind sensibly diminished by ten o'clock, but
the sky remained overcast and the Waves ran
higher than before, for the weight of the wind had

hitherto kept them down some. They did not dare _

think of altering the yachtfs course under pres-
ent conditions, and so another 100 miles was
added to thedistance that separated them from
home, and another night came on, almost as bad
as the preceding one. ‘ '

CHAPTER IV.-—'_I'he Strange Derelict. I

“I'll bet you won't forget this adventure soon.
Will,” said Jack, as the two sat together at the
tiller, with the roar of the wind an sea in their
ears.

 

 
  
 

    

“Not if web-e~ lucky enough to reach shore once.

   
  

  

6 ‘ ON THE GOLD COAST

more,” replied Will. “We must be a long dis-
tance out on the Atlantic.” ‘

“You can gamble on it that‘we are."

“It will probably take us a week to sail back
after this storm blows out. My folks are no doubt

worried to th about me.”
I “Yes, an my mother and sisters are in the
same boat. Larry is the only one who doesn't

have a care whether school keeps or not.”

“I’ll bet he’s had a year's growth frightened
out of him.”

“Where is he now? Asleep?”

“Yes. He was plumb fagged out. It’s a good
thing the water doesn’t come in like it did. Gives
us a breathing spell. Don't you think the storm
is going down?”

“I guess it is. I wouldn't be surprised if the
tun rose in a clear sky tomorrow morning.”

“Gee! I hope so.
last me all my life.” _

_It blew hard all night, and the morning, con-
trary to Jack's hopes, dawned cloudy and boister-
ous. The ind had veered around a bit and car-
riedthem more to the east. Larry managed to
make some coffee, and it tasted might good to the
three boys. It blew too heavy that y for them
(  to take any chances of wearing around and start-
 ‘ once more for home. During the‘ night the
 ‘ ﬁe blew itself out, and Jack, when he went to
the tiller at four o'clock, relieving Larry, told the
latter to help him shake a couple of the reefs out
of the inainsail. This done, he put the yacht
about and headed northwest. Soon after sunrise
Will came out of the cabin and looked around with

t satisfaction, for the wind had 1'iii_ed down
a light breeze, and the sun was rising in a
nearly claudless sky.

“We're headed for home,” said Jack.

.“Glad to hear it. Hello! What is that you-
, der?”

‘* He pointed at a dark object lain ‘dead ahead.

_ ‘It’: a craft of some kind. I’m ea g for her,”

re Jack. “Seems to be something of a wreck.

her masts save a part of the mainmast ap-

pttr to have gone by the board, for there's no

of them.” »

 

   
 
 
   
  

“ ere may be a number of people aboard who
might want to be taken oil’. We haven't room to
many on this_yacht.” _ _

e can my quite a number in a pinch. A
ship's lon 1; will do that, and this craft is a
great deal more comfortable even overloaded than
an open boat.”

_ The two boys‘ talked and watched the distant

emit. which looked more and more curious the
tester they came to her. A single mast, which
‘ seemed stouter than an ordinary one by a good
I deal, rose in the centre 01 the craft to a height of

 s forty feet. It seemed to * be heavily

  

  

  

~ in a way dlflerent from what masts usu-
A y Her bowsprit was short and stout, and
liar bulwai-ks high. She was painted a bright
‘red, and her hull seemed to be made of iron.
“Shah a? funny looking craft," remarked Will.
 is that. Though apparently dismasted, I
go no signs of age a her. That centre
 gets me; It isn't like the lower part of an
033» '

a  and took a

 
  

   

  
 

  

 

I've had enough of this to ,

 5' .“‘i

  
 

 

v .1

part of her bulwarks is stove in,” he said. “AIM
that lthing we have taken for a mast isn’t a mast
at a .” ‘ ‘ - . .

“What is it?” asked Jack. _ T. ff‘

“Blessed if I can tell what it is. When I suit‘ .
isn’t a mast I mean it isn’t like a regular mast.» V;
Looks like a derrick without the swinging crane. ,‘

 

-It is braced from the top by four stiﬂ’ ropes’ or
.chains, spread out, two to starboard and two to

port. I don't see anyone aboard. Take a peep.” .
Jack focussed the glass on the ﬂoating dere- "
lict. She was certainly an odd craft, very broad *
for her length, and seemed to have been built for
some special purpose. Whatever that purpose 5 '
was it was certainly not to sail the seas. As far .
as he could make out there wasn’t a sign of -life
about her. In the course of an hour they were
close aboard of her. Larry came out into the
cockpit and his mouth opened and his eyes stared
when he caught sight of the derelict.

“Be gorry, it’s a shame,” he said, evidently _,
taking the derrick-like mast at ﬁrst sight for a
funnel. _

“No, Larry, it isn’t a steamer by a long shot,”
replied Jack. .

“Sure, what is it. thin?
name?” .

“We don’t know what it is, for it doesn’t seem
to be exactly a wreck. Will and I are going to
learn what she is, if we have to go aboard to ﬁnd
out. ’ ‘

Larry looked earnestly at the vessel for a few
minutes, then he said:

“If there was only a round ball on the top of
that mast, sure it would look loike a loightship
I've seen off Sligo Bay.” . .

“Lightships have two masts, and sometimes if‘
three, I think,” said Jack. _ » y 

“Sure, I've seen three loightships on the other

 

  

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

Will yez give it a

 

       

side and they only had wan mast each,” replied pf,

     

rry. . ,
“What would a li htshi be doi out here iii."
the middle of the Atfanticig’ asked ‘Will. .,
“She wouldn't be here unless she had broken "
away from her moorin s, and that is a very rare
occurrence,” replied J ac . “They are held to their ~
anchorage thick steel chains that one wouldn't . .'
imagine co d ever break.” 1,
“If it is a lightship that had got awa{ 
should‘

      
         
        

how, her,crew ought to be aboard, and .
think they would be on the lookout for a rescu ?'* .
said Will. “We're quite close to her_ now, and its 
very funny nobody seems to be looking at us. It ,=
is in o imon _she has been abandoned." ' ’
“T ats my idea, too,” replied Jack. a ;-;' .
th“I;_I2eurl bcéats are 5l;one,”dsaid Will 13-lesently. “See
e s an ng oose ow ea -ta.”-
“That set es it, I_,guessx.l !_1Wliat edbnym ea
about running alongside, making fast and -
ln§"Vl‘lﬁ1l".:’ said Jack. 9 _
a 0 you say.” I‘
“Yo‘u”re_the skipper of this boat, and_‘it’s up to
yoiih Iiti like to’ doilt afqylou iliave noj(;b2tection.".
oi, en,sai ,wowas eagi?
as J ackto investigate the strange derelict.” . " "
Accordingly, Jack steered the yacht closeto ‘
°‘««*x"n°i  3§‘a¥;2°i::‘i °“‘.. can :.n....,» he’ —
“All right, replied Vgill, who”; after - .

Ii!“ ' i

     
       
    
       
   
     
        
  

   
      
        
      
    
  
         
      

       
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
   
    
 

rreveal; or if not the deck, the cabin, or some other
part of her. Up went Jack, like a monkey on’ a
 and his two companions watched his ascent.
'-The vessel was sheathed with iron and presented
' battered appearance. One or two links of a
W  derous iron chain hung out through an iron
 hawsehole at the bows. It had clearly
trapped olf at that point. If this was a lightship,
was an old-fashioned one. Jack soon reached
the iron davit, scrambled u on it and looked
"down on the vessel's deck. T ere was little of it
.that wasn't occupied by the lon cabin-like struc-
,ture aft, another house amids i 5 through the
of which came up the mast,
opening around it, and two other buildings for-
~ i "ward, one of which Jack judged to be the galley,
. asthe roof was pierced.by a brass funnel or stove-
j ipe. There was a wide promenade around and
t ‘ tween all the buildings forward of the cabin
 The cabin roof was ornamented by two
Gbrass skylights of good size, and* another brass
‘funnel between them. _
“Well, if this isn’t,an odd-looking ship, I’m a
man,” muttered Jack, as he surveyed the
,deck.before him.’ “I've seen many kinds of ves-
ads, but never one like this before. I should im--
agine itwas a harbor craft of some kind, for it is
not provided with steam wet or sails, and seems
‘only intended to be towe from place to place. It
 have got adrift from the last anchorage and
tinted. out to sea." _
Well, what do you see, Jack?” asked Will. _
- Shin up and take a look yourself," replied
Harding. . ‘_ _
.“No dead people about, are there?” said Will,
Vzhn had a deep-rooted aversion to corpses.
i "No, nor live ones. either." _
' Why dlogt’ you shout and see if there's any-
. . y. , , _
“Hilloa! Ship ahoy!" shouted Jack, as Will be-
Aclambering up the falls. _
Nothing came of the hail. Jack repeated it sev-
tirnes without any result. ._
«4."I'he vessel is surely abandoned,” he said, .as
e:?’he~reaclied down to give Will a hand.
,.'1'lie young owner of the “Sunbeain" was _a8
. , astonished as Jack when he caught a view
' the deck of the derelict.
I never saw a house around a mast before,”

said. . -
 §7Nor‘I.” replied Jack. “Nor a [deck _so covered
~  v houses. That is no doubt the cabin aft, and
: one it is. The small house with the stove-
ley. ~ The-other house for-

the arters o

b°ardt_h’e crew.”

, And no a . '_ -
#--—-‘‘It doesn’t deem as if there was. I've yelled
’ enough to draw attention.” -

- ahead, let's explore’ the ship."

All right," replied Jack, and he slid down the
the bulwark, and then sprang upon the

~ ill followed. ‘ "" _
5'11 take in the centre house first," he said.
was a circular wooden structure, somethin
' feet in diameter, with a door and sma
 Right through the center of this hon
. thick unyielding mast _,of the vesse .
the door open the boys looked in. _
. _.'£his_ is i‘;light:hipl" exclaimed

    
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
    
 
 
   
  
 
   

   
  
 
 

 

ut with a wide-

whﬂ¢t§.e¢8_3i:II.lasb.

.

ON THE GCLD COAST ‘ 7

ism, surrounded the mast and traveled upon 
The boys were certainly surprised by the discov-
ery of _the real identity of the strange craft.
AJA tlightship btming about in the middle of the
an ic is some
“Beyond any doubt, it has broken away from its
moorings, and is prob_ably,being hunted for at this
;nome’n’t. The question is, where did it come
rom.
_ “jknld where are the crew and keeper?" chipped
in ac .
“They must have taken to their boats, thinking
the vessel was about to founder. . That's my

idea.” _
Let’s take a look at the

 guess you’re right.
ca in.’ _

“Wait a minute. I'm gettin hungry. I'll tell
Larry to start up breakiast, y the time we've

been over this craft, the meal ought to be ready.” _

Will went to thebulwark and found the Irish
boy gazing up at the point where they boarded.
“Larry,” he said.
“Yis, sor.”
“Get breakfast ready. We’ll be back inside of
half an hour.”
“All right, sor." ’
Will and Jack then entered the cabin.

CHAPTER V.——-The Missing Treasure Ship.

11-‘ is |m_ne¢eSs8ry_to describe in detail what the
boys saw in the cabin, or in the other parts of the
vessel they explo_i-ed. Sutice to say they found
nobody, either alive or dead, but plenty of evi-
dences of hasty departure c.-' the part of the late
occupants of the lightshi . Duds were scattered
about, lockers overhaule , and confusion every-
where.

“They were evidently in a hurry," said Jack.

“I should remark,” replied Will. “This would
be a case of salvage for us, andput good money,
into our pockets, if we were able to tow her into
some port. It is a pity we can't. Somebody else
is bound to pick her up in the course of time if

she doesn't go down in the next gale she encoun-

ters.” »
_“Not niuch chance of our ‘little craft towing
b_1g unwieldy craft like this, even an inch. She"d
‘simgly drag us her way.” »
I  hat’s right. We must let her slide. Well,
e s
time.

When they reached the bulwark the found

that the wind had died out com letely. T _e ocean-.
probably.
the after effect of the late gale, but there were, 

now rose and fell in great un ulations

no waves. The sun cast a danling path

across the water, too glaring for the eyes to dwelyt by

11

 

POW 

“We've got the other extreme, a dead calm, to
wrestle with .now,” said Will. “eW are not likely
to make any progress homeward while it lasts.”

 

They descended to. the Yacht and found break . .

fast ready. After the meal, while pw
washing the pans and dishes, Will and Jack nut,‘
in the cock it and talked the situation over. ’ i

‘.‘We mix t as well hang»oaAto_‘-‘he? '
an a.i«;m’¢ fliaaigjst are,

ex

 

3‘ out of the usual,” said Will. .

go to breakfast. It ought to be ready by this‘ i  "

 

  
   
  
  
   
  
      

  

loose that we'd drift far away from her,” said
Jack. '
;_ Will nodded.
 , “Suppose we go aboard aga'
 look at things,” he said. “I’d
, lamp and its mechanism.”
“I'm with you,” replied Jack.
So they made their way aboard, entered the
lantern-house, and spent an hour there, looking
. the big lamp and its prisms over, and »making
themselves familiar with the method by which it

and take another
e to examine the

was raised and lowered. Wandering forward they -

saw the windlass. around which twined two enor-
mous chain cables. Only one of the cables had
' use to hold the vessel to her anchor. It
had subjected to some tremendous strain, for
it had parted, as we mentioned before, at the
hawse-hole. The two boys loafed about the ship
‘ till after twelve o'clock when thereturned to the
yacht where they found Larry making prepara-
tions for dinner. _

After the mid-day meal Larry wanted to. go
aboard the liglitship, but nothing would induce
him to go alone, so Jack accompanied him while
Will remained on the boat. The calm held all
day, and all night, too, and’ when the boys turned

 

 

_ was stirring. Theyfound the situation decidedly
monotonous, but there was no help tor it. The
ocean gradually uieted down till its surface be-
came as smooth a ’ ost as a millpond. Although
did not realize that they had moved any di_s-

, tance at all from the moment the calm fell, still
 ,,‘jm' all that, derelict and yacht had been steadily
' erdriafting eastward. Not a sail nor the smoke of a
a distant steamer broke the monotony of the sea-
They were alone in mid-ocean, like a “painted
ship upon a painted ocean.” Thus ﬁve days
passed away, ﬁve‘days of complete stagnation,
and the three boys were heartily sick of the in-
— action forced upon them. Still, it was not so bad
* as the two days of storm throu h which they had
passed without meeting with isaster. Late on
the afternoon of the ﬁfth day. the atmosphere
and sky began to assume a peculiar look. Clearly
a dis e of some kind was to.be expected, but
none <11? the lads were experienced enough to un-
4 dcrstand what it meant. At length Jack thought
of the barometer he had seen hanging in the
» cabin of the lightship, and he went and looked at
it. He saw that the silver had fallen in it, and
Twas steadily going down. That meant another
tempest was brewing‘ ‘and he communicated the
newsito Will.
W;}.Vhy,’ I don't see any sign of a storm,” said
[ “The worst storms are those that come unex-
' ly upon one at sea,” re lied Jack. “The
rometer never lies even if al other indications
int t’o the—contrary. You can take in word
it that we'll be in another blow short y, and
5 more than liable to put this old hooker out
 Business for . We must cut loose from
The: and trust to luck.” . _ w
, “Pin willing to take your word -for it," answered
 V .“for.you’re more experienced than I am;
  wind I don't see how we re going to

   
  

   

    

   

    
   
  
  
    

.»_-

out on the following ‘morning not a breath of air '

  ourpainter. we'll ‘drift i

    

 

ON’ THE GOLD COAST

“Before we‘sever our connection with her, there
are a few things aboard we ought to take with
us,"’ said Will, mentioning a number of items. 

All right. We'll collect them and send them 
down to Larry to stow away.” ,

They spent nearly an hour removing su'n.dry"”"
articles, including the barometer, to the yacht.
Among other things was a bound volume of an
old English weekly paper. When they were
ready to cast off there were still no signs of any 5
coming disturbance in either sea or air. Jack 0’
pushed the yacht along the side of the lightship‘
till he reached her stern. and then shoved the boat
away from her. She ﬂoated a few yards of and
then came to a perfect rest. To be prepared for
an emergency Jack and Larry hoisted the main-
sail and then in succession’ took three reefs in it,
greatly reducing its spread. Larry then started
to get supper ready while Jack and Will began to
look over the pages of the English newspaper.

They soon became interested in an account of a _
“Missing Treasure Ship.” This vessel, called thaws...
“Windsor Castle,” had left Bombay on a certain 
date, bound for London, via Cape Town, for there 445*‘
was no Suez Canal at that time. She belon I» g
to the East India Company, and carried, besi es "
her officers and crew, a number of military oﬂi- 
cers, some accompanied with their wives, on a
year’s furlough. The “Windsor Castle” carried
an assorted cargo, andtwo million dollars in
money, the major part of which was in silver,
and‘ all of it was stored in sacks in the hold.
Each sack was sealed with the oﬂicial seal of that
East Indian-Company. ‘- y

The vessel arrived at Cape Town without mis- £7
hap and remained there several days. Subse-
quently she was spoken off the coast of Africa by
the bark “Golden Hope.” She was never reported
again. None of her passengers or crew was ever
heard of. She disappeared as completely ‘as
though she had vanished into thin air, and with 
her went nearly $2,000,000. Several attempts‘~,.‘
were made to ﬁnd her wreck, for it was‘supposed '
she had gone ashore somewhere along the coast,
of Africa, but the efforts were fruitless. The
natural conclusion then prevailed that she had
been sunk at sea.

A few years afterward several natives ap-
peared in the town of Coomassie with an unusual
supply of silver money in their possession, which
they spent in a royal way. The suspicions of the...
authorities were aroused and they were arrested... ,
Neither threats nor persiiasions could make them ,.
tell how they had come into possession of so much";
coin. A rigid investigation failed to connect
them with any crime, so they were released. They 
were watched and after a time were seen togput
to sea in a small coasting craft. A sudden gale,
capsized their boat and their bodies ﬂoated ashore.

A The money they had spent so freely in Coomas-. _
sie was India coinage, all silver, and similar to”
that shipped by the East India Company in the
lost “Windsor Castle." That fact led many per-
sons to suppose that the natives had found the":
wreck, discovered the presence of the money in
her hold, and carried away a quantity with the
intention of returning later for more of it. ,'l'hia‘rs
idea of course led to fresh, expeditions in.
of the lost treasure ship, butmothing came
&hem,.and an, 0 the date  . , »

kg

 

   

 
      
   
     
  
  

  
    
   
  

    
 
  
        
      
        
    
      
    
    
       
        
  
 

 
   
    
  
 
       
     
      
        
    
  

 

  
    
   
  

 

   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
 

the i_whereabouts_ of the wreck, with its
.000 in gold and silver coin, remained a pro-
mystery. ~,, .

CHAPTER VI.——Struck by a Hurricane.

“What do you think of that story?” said Will.
“I think it is quite interesting.”

.“Stories of lost treasure ships usually are, and
ibis has the merit of truth. I guess there is very
Tittle danger that those $2,000,000 will ever come
to light. The ‘Windsor Castle’ no doubt sank in

r.
f she did, how then do you account for the
tives having in their possession some of the
same silver money lost with the ship?”
. “The article doesn’t state that it was the same,
but similar.”
,_—"They must have. come-b it easily since they
‘made no bones about squan ering it so recklessly
W the town of Coomassie that the authorities
=3 them in on general suspicion.”
Q‘ . —_“They might have plundered somebody or some
. house a hundred miles away.” "
“They might, but did they?” _
. “Ask me something easier, Jack,” laughed Will.
‘TH the Coomassie authorities couldn't ﬁnd out
whether they did. how can I tell?”
~‘ “Well, what do youthink about it? The fact
ﬁat they refused to explain how they came by
money, and the circumstance that later on.
Vhetthey had spent all their funds,_ they started
 a boat for some unknown destination, looks
Asilllniﬁcant to me.-” _ _ ’
 “That's true. _but still it doespt really prove
. sﬁat they had discovered the wreck of the treas-
‘- Inn ship. It strikes me that if the wreck was
0 ere along the African coast within a radius
«the spot where the ‘Windsor Castle’ was last
 e of the expeditions sent out to ﬁnd it
., i ve got some clue at least to the vessel's

"I don't know much about the west coast of
' -. , but it is net imp:-ob_able that the ship was
—z- up some narrow river or other body of
r, and maybe lost among the tropical vegeta-
aome distance from the shore.” I ,
Yes, such a thing isn't i_Inlike1_Y: ,b|1t,W0‘“1dn '5
expedition, with such a rich prize in sight, look
_ every river "and creek they came to as well as
X « the coast itself? Remember the story says
~ several expeditions went at diﬁerent times in
« w of the treasure ship’ and all returned un-
71

 
 

*"Isu pose the is no use of our wasting time
. pg & matter, seeing that-there is
A in it for . We're not bound on any such
. .  treasure hunt, thouﬁh if we had a clue
resting place of the ‘ indsor Castle.’ I'd
too eager to search for her to get a share
ﬁe lost 82,000,000." ’
5 ... can't be much left of her now, anyway.
she was lost all of ﬁfty years_a£<_>. Said W1 1-
, . class of English ships in those days
‘ live oak, which is calcu-
action of the _'elenients_for a
I'll warrant it the ‘Windsor
there is
909°! We

ll

kﬁv.
~ 4 .

  

  

 
   
 
 

  

 

ON THE GOLD COAST 9

Larry now cailed the two boys to supper, and
the three sat down to the meal together. It was
nearly dark when Jack and Will returned to the
cockpit. The “Sunbeam” and the derelict light-
ship had ﬂoated about a uarter of a mile apart.
A heavy haze lay along e distant horizon, and
the sky looked unreal and lurid.” _

“I don’t like the look of things,” said Jack.
“I'm afraid we're in for a tou h spell of weather.
We re really only amateur saiprs at the best, and
a whole lot will depend on this boat. If I didn’t'
know it was thoroughly stanch and next door to a
life-boat, I’d begin to think that our chances of
ever seeing the shore again were kind of slight.”

_If you begin to croak, Jack, I’ll have a fit,"
said Will soberly. “I don't want to die yet a while.
I have too much to live for.”

"‘Oh, I guess we’ll pull through,” replied Jack
cheerfully. “We ran through as tough a gale as
one usually meets with at sea, and I don't see that
the yacht shows any'bad effects from it. The man
whokbuilt this boat evidently didn't skimp his
wor .”

‘_‘I should hope not. Father paid a top-notch
price for her, and the contract called for every
precaution, for my folks don't want to lose me if
they can help it.” '

"By this time it was dark and the derelict was
not to be seen.. The boys continued to talk, but
Jack kept a watchful eye on the heavens in the
direction whence he looked for the storm to come.
The sky was resplendent with stars except for
some degrees above the horizon in that direction.
As the evening advanced the stars in the north-
west grew dim and were blotted out altogether.
At midnight while Larry was on watch, not a
star could be seen anywhere. The yacht seemed
to be hanging in the centre of a black void, for
theyoung Irishman could not even see the water
which lay within a yard of him. A deep hush
hung over the face of nature, and this, with’ the
blackness of the night, terriﬁed Larry, amusing
all his superstitious fancies. Had he been alone
on that boat he would probably have jumped over-
board in a paroxysm of terror. As it was, he
couldn't stand the lonesomeness and weirdness of
?surroundings and, going into the cabin, awak-

ed Jack. Harding s rang up at his first touch.
_ “What's the matter.” he asked. Then catch-
ing the appalled look in the he s face. and seeing
that he was trembling visibly, e said: “What in
creation ails you?” .

“Howly St. Patrick! We're gone entoirely. '
The saints preserve us! Oh, Lord! Oh, Lordlr
I'm a great sinner, so I am.”

With those words he collapsed utterly, and lay
groaning on the ﬂoor. Jack dashed to the door
and looked out. He thought the storm was almost’
3'" ‘ih°""' ' a T1: II bbed

ivey inexperience eyes. en e Lu.
ry by the shoulders and shook him. gm

“What in thunder are you frightened at?” he
ejaculated.

It was some little time before Larry could ex-
lain the horrible sensations that the silence and i
arkness had given him. When he did, Jack“ A

la hed at him. 

_ ure, I can't stand it at all, at all. Cue @
Wldéllgntalzd talk tome and maybe I'll heaﬂcﬁ

   

Therewasnosignofittohiscomparan ..~

 

,,..

 
 
     
     
      
      
      
    
        
      
      
   
  

  

as soon as I need your assistance,” and Jack
went outside and took up the watch.

After a short spell of it himself he had to ad-
[nit that it wasn’t pleasant. At length he heard
2 V a low humming sound in the distance.

7 “The storm is coining," he muttered, springing

 up. “A close-reefed jib will be enough sail to
- show, I guess. I can keep her head up in the
g3 ,  wind with that.” _
* . He entered the cabin and shook Larry into
7 wakefulness.

 

“Light the lantern and follow me outside,” he .

said, getting into his long oilskin coat.

He and Larry went forward and set the jib in
the way Jack wanted it. Then they spread a piece
of sailcloth over the skylight and nailed it down.
After that they secured the mainsail snugly to
the boom and attached extra fastenings to the
booms to make sure they wouldn’t break away
and swing out., I

“Now get into the cabin and close the door.
Get your oilskin on, for I may call upon you for
help at any moment.” ,

By that time the distant hum had increased to
8 sullen roar, and yet all was calm and silent
around the yacht. But not for long. Inside of
ﬁve minutes the hurricane struck them with a
force that shot the boat seemingly into the air,
like an arrow from the bow. After that Jack felt
as if he was in a chaos of uproar and action.

 
    
     
 

CHAPTER VII.-—Ashore in the Barbadoes.

, When the dull gray light of morning dawned
~ the “Sunbeam" was over a hundred miles further

to the east and south. but the hurricane had blown
itself out. Jack had stuck nobly to his post, and
looked like a
liove Em. The yacht had behaved as nobly as
.. the brave young steersman, and to that fact all

aboard owed their preservation. The weather be-
am ‘to clear about eight o'clock, and then Larry
managed to make a pot of coffee, and it braced the
 boys up, icularly Jack, who had stood the

. brimt of e tempest. A consultation was then

“I,-think it would be foolish to try and reti-as
ﬁg our course now," said Jack. “We are probably €_l
' thousand miles from Long Island out in the At-
-‘ lantic. We are lost as much as a needle would be
 in a haystack. We could only sail in ageneral
why toward thenorth and west, and where we
"would ultimately fetch up no one could say.”_ ‘
‘ “What would you suggest then?" asked Will.
'  “That we try and make one of the big West In-
dian islandsbefore we run out of provisions. We
9 to be able to do thatwith fair weather
I ‘think is likely to hold for a while now.

gsoon as we reach a regular port you will be
 *0
This

  
 

   

cable to your fathergand then arrange-

ment: can be made about getting the yacht and

ourselves back to the United States,” said Jack.

. Will agreed to and the “Sunbeam”

 o a course that would carry her right

 islands of the tropics.

" Four days passed and then Jack began to look
'  went by and none ap ed, though
 ' showrd t “The! were

    
 

  
 
   

 

 

ON THE GOLD ‘coAs'r

wreck when he shouted to Will to re- ‘

‘ to him.

 

They were right in the midst of the West Indian
islands, and yet their course took them just out of
sight of every island of any prominence.

They might just as well have been a thousand

' miles from land. -

They actually skirted the whole length of then’)
Leewardlsland on the cast, a matter of over 400
miles, and then ran half way down the Windward -s
group before they ﬁrst saw land. » I

By that time they had been three weeks at se

The afternoon was well advanced when they 
came in sight of the Barbadoes, a large island i
about thirteen degrees above the equator, longi-
tude 59, and some minutes west. '

They fairly shouted for joy when the blue cloud
resolved itself into land on the starboard bow. ‘:

“An island at last,” cried Will. “I thought we ‘
were fated to keep straight on to the South Pole." 

They hadn't the remotest idea what the island 2
was; but just then they didn't care. 3

Any old island where they.would ﬁnd civili.za- 2
tion was good enough for them. ,
_ They were heartily sick of the sea, and lon
for the moment when they would be able to .5
stretch their legs ashore. ,

They did not dream that they were on the very 1
outskirts of the West Indies, and that had they - .
passed -this island in the dark, as they had many‘ '
others, they would have sailed straight on into the
trackless south Atlantic. ‘ '

When they ot within three miles of the island 4 ‘
they found their way blocked by a coral reef, and
J ac went forward to look for an opening.

No matter from what point they might have ape .~.
preached the island they would probably have met
with these reefs, for it is almost encircled by
t em. ‘

They soon found a clear channel, however, and 5‘
sailed through it without mishap. ' ;,
As they drew near the shore they saw a long -
beach ahead with an indentation, forming 3 small "L
exposed haven. » ‘ i 
At the head of this little harbor stood a small
village. ' ' ' » »

There are only. four. towns of any size on the -
island, which has an area of 170 square miles, but -' '
the nearest was miles away. . '

The sun was setting when they ran alongside a
of, and made fast to,a small wharf, occupied by‘. «
a score or two of negroes, or native Barbadoans. ’ I
who viewed their appearance with a great deal of a
curiosity. ' . '

Seated apart _on a string-piece was the only
white man in sight, and he was a particularly.
hard looking chap, evidently a sailor. . -

He was smoking a short briar-root pipe, and he
had had his eye on the yacht from the moment it.
passed through the passage in the reef. \ x

Jack_ and Will sprang on the wharf, leaving
Lari-y in charge of the boat. , ~ ‘

Looking around them in an uncertain way they‘
decided to acoost the white man. _ .«
“How do you do, sir," said Jack, stepping up‘

 
  

 

       
   
  

   
   

  

Z w.

   
        
    
 
 

    
    
   
       
 

   
     
  

  
       
   
  
 

   
  
 

1»

      
   

  
      
       
   

« “flow are ye, my hearty,” replied the I
cooking a wicked eye on the two boys. "Ye's-es
?- smﬁrt lookin' craft there. Where d’ye bar
rom . ’ '
. «we've ‘come from‘  Island, 3,’;

      
    
 
 
   
 

   
  
  

. 

ai__isw‘ei-ed»Jack.’  .
“I-on Yoizk. eh! 

  

  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
  
    
    
   

 ways fmm.ehs%reﬁ9’Pid ye come all the wayin that

" there cockl e .

it .“Yes, we came all the way in that yacht.”

“Nor direct, 0’ course. "

“This is the first island we’ve met_ on our way.

“The fust island!” grinned the sailor,_unbeliev-

V. jngly. “D’ye mean to _tell me ye re sailed clean

_ an-ou%1_;n the  Iiidies and didnt stop at no

 ere .

 “Clean ytlifiiigh the West Indies!” ejaculated
}3Jack, in astonishment. “What do you mean? What

iiiiﬁland is this?”

Wghe liiilrbadoes, iny,hearty,_ ale; I reckon ye

tto ow seem ye ve pu in ere.
“£13 this really the Barbadoes?” asked Jack,
ucli asto ' hed. _ _

m“I reckohuist a.i'n’t nothin’ else,” replied the sailor,

' ' g his pi in his pocket and biting off .=i

}' gs quid of p ug tobacco. “Didn’t lmow that?”

— :‘ No, we didn’t. How far olf is the nearest

3 , ,,, .

' »‘‘Ye’l1 ﬁnd St. Andrew a matter of a ‘few miles

th t." I

 vgvétovﬁint water and some fi:esh.provisions

'7 15-hii'§:gé that Sliloke hyonder? He understands
6’ ' Go (1 tal to im.”

boysmhccordingly walked UP, to 3 d?Jk
native and made their request, stating
they were willing to pay in good American

At Stir-st the negro declared that their money was
nougood, but ﬁnally he said: _

 _ s’po5e you pay double price maybe me see
Eihat me kin do_ for young gentlemens. ’ _ _
gwill agreed to pay double price for anything in

the eating line. _
Indeed, he was ready to pay any price at all
or fresh provisions and Water-
B the time they had reached anagreement
tlligiess came upon them with the customary sud-
] tn .
“ﬁre nzﬁiivnéetoldpltcﬁem to follow him, and led
7 m to the main store of the village, which
"  and smeu; very like a ship chandlery estab-
Theirticonductor. who was evidently the P1'° Tie‘
—. told them to take seats on a broad veran
  thenacgudled : ti-,f:p1e ofnnegroes, gave them
_‘ .4-I‘: nn "1 SW ‘ a
In the course of twellti mmutes til” remmed
.-~. 'g.hountifn1 thsenpgll_1yleofmf:esh fruit and divers
.3 other lilistive: bi-ought_hi¢ cans of water-
- ' third native loaded with a lot of canned
‘ ‘ and then the boys’ conductor
~ the price was ﬁve dollar‘: in A_meti;ican moifnyzi
' ' vei-
Wm passed a ml of :Il;)‘tthee!i!!l'oill°u1lIela0fo ling:-ch for

  

.4 u‘

. hole psrty took
glint-I where the yacht lay.

      
 

   

   

c—-.-—

   

«  ‘ " hed the‘“Sunbeam”‘theY- f°|!nd
IlrInt:eeysari'l:i‘i:-seatedinthecockpittalking
gm}  water‘ I t hoard
H ii. ::‘s‘fi‘i‘.’;$¢.1l"‘3.‘g£l‘su°"per._ , ’
hssdalookhx .. =Ih°'0.d1I.°d. W103

is

     
  

  

ON THE, (3lOLD COAST

. the dishes. Bludso got out his pipe

as.
. “Then I guess we

'. .

11

to go away, so Jack and Will continued their con-
versation with him. '

They learned that his name was Jim Bludso, and
{hat he had been on the island about a month.

Jack told him how they had got lost in a 
off Long Island three weeks before, and had drift-
ed out of sight of the land.

How when they started to sail back after the
fog lifted on the following morning a big gale
caught and blew the yacht a. long distance into the
Atlantic.

He described how they had fallen in with the
abandoned lightship and the calm that followed.

Then he told about the hurricane that had
carried them still further into the broad Atlantic,

‘and how they had determined to make for one of

the islands in the West Indies, as the most l_i'kely
way of getting out of their scrape.

The sailor listened to their adventures with no
little interest and surprise.

“This here boat must be a corker,” he ejacu-
lated. “Ye are only half—ﬂedged sailors, and yet ye
have weathered a tremenjus gale! a hurricane
that has often sent many a big ip to the bot-
150511. I don’t see how ye got through, blame me if

0.”

Will explained how the yacht was built with
four airtight compartments that would prevent
her from sinking even if she capsized or was
ﬂooded with water.

The sailor opened his eyes at that.

“I’~Io. Not unless her side was stove in by the
sea. ’ ‘

“She must be a sort of new-{angled concern."

“Oh, no. Pleasure boats have been built like
her for a long time back.”

“I ain't heard _about ’,” and he looked re-
ﬂectively at the water, as if he was thinking
about something.

Here Larry called the boys to supper and Will
invited the sailor to eat with them He accepted,
and enlivened the meal with yarns of his long
and varied experiences on the briny doe
supper the two boys and the sailor went back to
the cockpit, while Larry busied himself washing
and began to
smoke in silence, while the boys watched the li ts
on the shore, and listened to the odd songs 0 the
natives that ﬂoated to them on the still night air;

“It feels awful str ge to find ourselves way
iiovgtih here at the B oes," remarked Will at
en . ~

“It does, for-.a f ” replied Jack. o
. “When we started out on our little pleasure

cruise that morning we never ed where we
would fetch_u st.”

“That's rig t. Nobody knows when he leaves
the house in the morning whether he'llwalk home
Ol"PIe’l})l'<})l\1ght hoiaie eat night." ten h I

'a_veannystoryto wen get
back,” said Will.

“So will I.
their hats oil’ to me.’ _ ,

“When we reach St. Andrew to-moi-row I gun
I'll be able to cable home to the folks. We can
also write a long letter each giving an outline of

what we've been through. My governorwill send ' I

after

, 
ovoi:,sn_dsnwenecddotillyouheu-homyeur

menfunds and will probably come down here

   

 

p.‘ After‘

’The_village lads will all I

. “s.’\

   
         
    
   
      
  

   
  
  
  

  

3 want for a spell.

     

father is to see the sights on the island and enjoy
ourselves.” ,

“Look here, my hearties,” interrupted the sailor. .
“What d’ye say to goin’ to the coast of Africa in
this boat?” -

“Going to the coast of Africa!" gasped both

ys.
~ The mariner nodded.
i “Why, that’s clear across the Atlantic,” said
v \Vill. “Why should we go on such a trip as that?
I guess we've had about all the salt water we
We have a lon trip before us
to get home, though I doubt m_uc if we'll go in
the yacht ”

“Wouldn't ye be in favor of goin’ to the Gold -

Coast if ye knew ye. could make your_fortin_ by
doin' so?" asked Bludso, with a mysterious wink.
f‘Make our fortune! _How could we do that?"

. “Asieasly--I rollin’ oil’ a log, my hear-ties. We
‘ f’ could divide the re into two parts—-one for-
,5 ‘ you chaps an

e other for me, d’ye see? It's
, _ more'nainilli ’  _ _ _ _
‘l_'‘‘ . “What treasure?” asked Will, pricking up his
:" '” ears. * '

  
     
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
  
 
  
   
    
  

The sailor. winked solemnly, reﬁlled and lighted
his pipe before he replied. ' .
“A txhasure of gold and s'lvei- coin.”
“Where is this treasure, and what do you know
about it?” asked Jack, eagerly. _ ‘
The marineregave another solemn wink.
“Don't ye ask too many questions all at once.
' Pin the only man livin’ that knows where it is."
, “Is this one of your sailor yarns?" asked Will,
incredulously. . 7
» “Nary yarn, my hearty. It's the solemn truth._”
~ ‘ “What evidence have you to show that there is
a treasure in‘ gold and silver on the Gold Coast?"
i .“The evidence of my eyes. I seen it.”
“You did! You. saw more than a million dol-
. lars in gold and silver coin?"
A The sailor nodded.
“That means then that you were
spot where it is?” said Jack.
_ Bludso nodded again. ,
“Rien why didn’t you carry it away with

you.
‘ "I couldn’t.”
'“Why couldn’t you?” " ‘
"1’ was lucky to get away myself. I had no
boat, no provisions, nothin’. How could I carry
C his bags of silver and gold coin on my back?”
zgut you did get avgﬁyymfrbimh thenplace.’
V course, or wou ere.
“Why didn’t you get a boat of some kind, and
~ ‘another _n:a,n or two to help you, and go back

“Well? Why didn't you get it, then?’_’

“P11 tell ye. When I t to .C00lnaSSle-'—” .

'.‘Coomassie!”  W11, a light breaking in
 _him.’s aking in a tone of_soine excitement.
“Wu e treasure’ of the ‘Windsor Castle’ you

gjqiiul gok the pipe from his mouth and
i  d’yee  about the treasure of the
, ‘H.  9,3l

 - ll ‘it,-cow ,.I la?”
ix-Jit $319? w¢nkn3.ti::i,she has;

 9.-we . .- .
'7   gyarqzdon.’ 3.9, 

right on the

9

W

 
 
 
  

    
   

       

chance if you chaps ’ll go in with me.

- where I’m going to cable to folks in the S 

.‘~..=9und.',>b¢...h9’11?lsn°w retire ; «ssh

,. . _.‘....i-..r~;’..:...d

.ON THE GOLD COAST

width the seal of the East India Company on
t em.” --
“How did ye ﬁnd all that out?" said the mari-
ner, with an unpleasant look.
w‘_})1Ve’re not telling everything we know," replied
1 . ~
“Well, ye don’t know where the wreck lies."
“No, we don’t. If we did, we'd go there and
get the money." —
“Well, ain't that what I want ye to do?”
“Can you take us to the place?”
“I kin.’
Will and Jack looked at each other, and their_
eyes blazed with interest.
“You are sure of that, are you?” said Will.
“Sartin as I live.” ' ‘
“Well,‘you were going "to tell us why you didn’t. V
get the money after you reached Coomassie with .
the secret." ._ ’ _‘
‘‘It-was this way: When I got to the town I.
looked around and found a couple of chaps I
thought I could trust, so I made the proposition
to them. One of them owned-a good sized sloop.’
They jumped at_it, d’ye see, as I reckon you c s.‘ :
ought to do. In about a week we- set_sail . .
the place the wreck is: but just afore we reached» ;
it I overheard the two chaps conspirin" ag’in me. T 
A third of the money each didn't seem ti: satisfy-V; »
‘em, they wanted my share, too. They an-an
that as soon as I p‘inted out the wreckjto em ,.
I was to be done up. Then they intended to load ' ‘T
the sloop with the treasure, sail away with it, and 5
artei-wards whack up.” ' ‘»
“Well?" said Jack; in an interested tone. , 
“It was a scurvy trick, don't ye think?" said ,;
the sailor, eveing the boys. _ '4
“I should say so,” replied Jack. ' 
‘.‘I didn't do nothin’," answered the sailor. "
“You didn’t?" said Jack, in surprise. .._
"No. I jest piloted ‘em to the wrong spot, and ,
then made out that I'd lost the beai-in’s of the V
place. We searched around for a week without
ﬁndin’ the ship and then we give it up,” he‘ -
grinned. ’

'“You were pretty sharp,” said Will. »
“Why didn't you get a sloop and sail down '
there yourself alone?” said Jack. ’ ,_ '
,“Didn’t have no money to hire one. I shipped 

on a brig to this here island, intendin' to go back
and get the money some day. Now I see my ii
You pro-_'
vide the boat to git there and take the money off, ._
and we’ll whack up even. A half to you and a ’,
half to me. That’: fair, seein’ e couldn't git the .
money without me, and I coul ’t git it without. 1'
ye and the boat. What d’ye say? I reckon it’;
the chance of yer life.” '
“I don’t know,” replied Will. “In the ﬁrst place A ,
it's a dangerous trip across the South Atlantic."
"Not a bit more dangerous than ye’ve' been 4.
through already and come out as safe as a trivet. (
Ye might go across without meetin' any stony v
to speak of. At any rate, two million dollars in
har coin is worth tryin’ for, don’t ye think‘."' ‘
The boys admitted that.
"‘We'll start for St. Andrew in the momiig

I

.6‘

‘J °‘-|‘5’~€4.'i:..f.‘ ‘

an mu

.1;

 
 

.'

,_ ‘C.

said Will. "My father wou dn’t hear of‘ me _

  

 

' ch t ‘ .
’“‘F-a?‘.‘ s$Z.»{‘?..2i"€J‘ €;i"’£§ ....u....~ about
Send him word. that ye’ve aigfveg.-him safe

$19,;

  
 
  
   

  
  

 
 

 
  

  

ON THE GOLD COAST

while ye’re down here ye’re goin’ to sail around
'the islands for a spell and then head for home.
It won’t take us long to run across for that there
‘money and fetch it back. Then ye kin bank your

'35‘?-share here and sail for home in a steamer like
=1»:

1 gents of for-tin, and hire somebody to fetch the

'yacht after ye,'payin’ him well for a _doin’ of it.
r I ’ 'The'sailor’s -arguments were enticing and at-
~ tracted the treasure-struck lads. lf Will agreed
‘to make the trip Jack was ready to accompany
,. , Jiim, and where both went Larry would’ go, too.
' .-Finally Will- told the mariner that he and Jack
would talk it over and let him know in the morn-
ing, and with that assurance Jim Bludso took his

‘ departure. _
_ The boys did talk the matter over very seri-

 

ously.” .
~ ‘ "Finally \Vill said:
I ~ “There’s nothing to prev nt us going if.we
really want to, Jack. I’m f ‘rly ﬂush in Ameri-
can" funds which I dare say I can change into
- English gold in St. Andrew to-morrow. I’l1 cable
 father that we’ve reached th Barbadoes safe
’ ’ and sound, and say a letter will ollow with par-
 ticulars. I’il say that We’re going on another
' cruise at once and will be back in a short time.
We'll write and mail our letters, provision the
yacht and, with Jim Bludso aboard, who will be
aii able hand in case of any emergency, for he’s
a" practical sailor, we’ll'sail for the Gold Coast,
get the treasure and return as _soon as _we can.”
“Whatever you say goes Will,” i-ep_lied Jack.
“To tell you the truth, I’d like nothing better
than to go to Africa on this or any other proﬁt-
_ able errand. J’m stuck on seeing the world, that
 '» is, as much of it as I can. So long as my folks
' know.that I'm safe I don’t care whether school
~‘ keeps or not. So now you have my sentiments.”
' .So it was decided to make the trip after the
treasure of the ill-fated “Windsor Castle,” lost
more than ﬁfty years before, and next morning
" they communicated their resolve to the sailor. ,1-Ie
‘ ‘ved it with a glint of satisfaction in his eyes,
’ and told them they would not regret it. Had the
boys been less enthusiastic, or more experienced
in the ways of the world, they might have mis-
 trusted the honesty 9f 3! strange mariner, who
 had a shifty look in his eyes, and was as hard 88
~ they come. _ _ .
_' ‘Unfortunately they had no suspicions of their
T: new associate, and so the bargain was duly rati-
 between them. After breakfast the party
-‘sailed for St. Andrew, where they al'I_'1Ved in a
couple of hours. Leaving Larry and J_im.Bludso
.. ﬁlboard they made their way to the principal 71°‘
 where Will had an‘ interview with the pro-
' A sprrictor, telling him who he was, and how his party
 came to be at the Barbadoes. The man recom-

 

  
  
 
   
 

 mended Will to an ol'lice_ where he could 86‘ his
%money changed into British currency, and told
 ,_  where he would ﬁnd the cable oﬁice. WI
3-; transacted ‘his business and then the boys 1‘9‘
' turned to the hotel where the took dinner. After
the meal they each wrote an p0sted_.8 10118 leftef
_ , ', but did not hint that the cruise they wele
/  t to take was to Africa. I ' ' ,
;;.,«'l‘lie next thing they did_ was to provision the
yacht bountifully, and take aboaljd an 91”“ 5"?‘
. .;r I water. A case of liquor added for
 s amial beneﬁt, and everything hem _
-  y sailed next morning or the

   
   
 

  
    
   
 

    

13

CHAPTER IX.—0n The Gold Coast.

“So that’s the Gold Coast?” said Jack Harding
so_me weeks later, pointing out a thin blue line
miles and miles ahead of the yeacht “Sunbeam.”

The words were addressed to Jim Bludso, who
wasseated at the tiller, steering. It was about
six in the morning, and Jack had just come up
on deck to relieve the sailor. They had had a
very pleasant trip across the Atlantic unmarred
by a single gale. of any consequence. For days
and days they had enjoyed ﬁne weather with fav-
orable slants of wind, that bore them along at 8.
famous rate. The sailor’s guess had been ful-
filled, and now they were in sight of their des-
tination.

“Ay, ay, my hearty; that’s the Gold Coast sure
enough,” replied Bludso. ‘

__ “I don’t see how you can recognize it at such a
aistancef’ replied Jack.

“’Cord_in’ to the log-line ye bought in St. An-
drew this here craft has been makin’ close on to
300 miles a day since we left Porto Praya in the
Cape Verde Islands. We've steered a straight
course for the Coast by compass, and there ain’t
been 5iothin’_to put us out. This is the seventh
day, and ’coi-din’ to my calculations we was due
to raise land some time to-day. I've made due
’lowance for the ocean currents, so if that ain’t
the Gold Coast ye kin call me a liar and I won't
squeal." '

“Are we goin’ to put into some port before we
go to the wreck of the treasure ship? Pm afraid
we’ll need fresh water, and a number of other
things.”

“We’ll put into Coomassie, or some other place,"
replied the sailor. “We want to have plenty of
provisions aboard, for it may take some time to
get out all the coin and bury what we can't take
with us.”

“What do you want to bury any of it for?
If it's been safe where it is these ﬁfty years back,
lit'ouglit to remain so for a considerable time
on r.

“ t maybe discovered any time by accident, my
hearty. The British are spre ' out more an’
more all the time, and there's no tellin' but some

1 of ’em may light upon the wreck, and after that

there won’t be no treasure left there. I don’t
believe in takin’ chances. I discovered the wreck,
and in course the treasure belongs to me by rights.
I’m whackin’ up with ye because I have to.”

“On the principle that half a loaf is.better
than no bread at all,” laughed Jack.

The sailor nodded. At that juncture Will made
his appearance in the cockpit. ‘

“There’s the Gold Coast yonder, Will,” said
J ack, with a wave of his hand.

“How do you know that's the Gold‘ Coast'!_”
asked his companion, viewing the distant shore
with great interest.

“Bludso says it is, and he ought to know some-
thing about it,” replied Jack. ,

~ “How long will it take us to reach it?” ‘

"We ought to reach it by noon," said the sailor.
“Ye kin take yer spell at the wheel, I mean the
tiller,’:’ to Jack. “I’ll take a nap till grub is

y- . ‘
Jack steered straight for the coast line, whidt“;

rapidly °ew plainer till the could make out

_ rocks’ an trees, and ﬁnally a ig village  ,.,_

x
, , ‘
' E .

 

    
    
 

  

‘14

at the foot of a series of hills that rose tier on
tier behind to a considerable height in the extreme
background, with the deep blue sky beyond. By
;, that time breakfast was ready, and Larry was
. called outside to take the tiller. He had been too
' busy to notice before that the yacht was approach-
ing land. When he saw it he gave a whoop.
. °‘Is that Africa, I dunno?” he said.

“That’s what it is, Larry. . Feast your eyes on
it while we are feasting on the grub yﬁ have
pre ared for us,” replied Jack. .

“ e me sowl, it's glad I am to see land once
_more, so I am,” said the Irish _boy. “It’s toired
I am of the say, though it’s a foine passage we’ve
had from the Barbadoes.” _

'Jack and Will left him and entered the cabin.
The former aroused Jim Bludso and told him that
breakfast was ready. _

“We ought to reach the shore in a couple of
hours,” said Jack. “I can make out a big vil-

at the foot of the hills." .
"e sailor took the glass and went outside for
a peep. \ _ "

“If we get close  by noon we'll be doin’ well,
he said, “for the wind is droppin .” __

“As we carry a deep keel we may not be able
to get close in if the tide_ happens to be low,

.said Jack. “How then will we be able to get
ashore, for we haven't any boat, you know.

The sailor told him they wouldvﬁnd plenty of

- boatmen ready to take them ashore for a triﬂe.
It was helf-past eleven when their keel touched
boﬁoni within an eighth of a mile of the beach,
an within a few minutes a dozen small boats

Every one of

   

came skimming out to the yacht. .
the ogcupgntg had something for sale, from fruit
and vegetables to fetishes warranted to bring you
{god luck. Will bought a supply of the former,
t none on board had any use for the latter,
though Larry bargained for and bought an ugly
e wooden  tlAi;t_the geller SaAldbW8S _a
sure antidote for e rican ever. $83111
struck 'th th ch from whom the fruit
3: purchas‘end to tafke Jjhgk and  88310113, the
uilorliaviiuno particuarpace an. I
In ﬁve minutes the two boys enjoyedlthe satis-
tection of stepping upon the soil of the west
coast of Africa»-—someth_ing‘they had hardly ex-
 to do in all their lives_ before they em-
‘ ked at the beginning of their eventfful cruise.
~ ‘Looking about them t ey saw scores 0 11887098,
. ‘lhitef.Mtfthblak‘
:2-emzgogkisnuggaivry at ohfsethingsoroanother, but
- there were some who were industriously trying
‘ to kill time under the shade of the tropical trees.
Alter surveying the beach and its denisens, Jack
and Will started for the village to inspect it.
{$151! half way there..they came across several
1 cklippedblacks scrubbing away for dear life
*3: a big dark colored stoneed that ieemed ﬂit 
nothing at all. They sweat at t eir tas wi
as much energy as though a slave-driver stood
.' over them with a whip. .
“What in thunder are they polishing that stone
Sat?" e aculated Will. _. _ ,
, like a foolish piece of business, doesn/t

k.
 and looked on in akind of
H  i" K "jliiida

* " it * uneatetiay ‘

   
    
  

 

  

    

   

       

ON THE GOLD COAST

, all they could do to stifle their laughter.

  

> Looking around the two young Americans saw ,
a most extraordinary personage. He was a portly ”
black man of some age, for his woolly hair was 
white as snow, and his face was deeply lined  7
wrinkles. His costume consisted of a big emf
hat, evidently once the property of a British naval *5.
oﬁicer, surmounted by a plume of peacock feal;li- Q
ers; an old and dilapidated red coat, decorated’
with a very tarnished epaulet on one shoulder,
which met and terminated in the region of the
stomach, leaving exposed a jetty-hued chest and
a corporation of some size, and a pair of cavalry"
boots, much too large for the wearer, that reached
to the knees, leaving the whole of his thighs in a
state of nature.

In one hand this evidently distinguished indi-
vidual carried a long-clay pipe, at which he
sucked from time to time, and in the other a
bright red cottoniumbrella. Jack and Will vii‘

i

   
 
 
   

izlouldift help laughing at the remarkable ﬁgure pi
e cu . _ ’
“He lO(!)lkS kllielga ‘thekchief comedian in a comic '%
opera,” c uc ac . v

“That’s what he does,” replied Will, with a grin.’
..¥’.::.:‘::.‘;i.°*‘.E.:’°‘.."‘“°1“."“t.“ n°=.t:k:.°“=w 3
proceeded wrintioducenhiﬁensélfe aux e 50' and

“’Pose you know me, or else kick up proper,
bobbery, eh? Me King Coﬁee, and bery great
king deed. Dat my town yonder. Bery ﬁne town.
All the’? my ,pieople. Mefglad to see young genel-
in n. aps uce ouse . ,

He pushed his ead out and drew it in re-'
peatedly in such a comical way that the boys had

“Let’s give him the grand‘ salute,” said Jack.
“Place your hand on t e top of your head and
bow as low as you can."

Each boy did this until. their faces almost
touched their knees. .

_"Dat am right; dat am bery ﬁrst-rate,” said-*
King Coffee, complacently. “Pay proper ’spect to
me. I am bery great king here. ’Pose you want] ~
see town‘ me show you round. Dat bery ‘
honor. No do fcept to bery nice boy like you." _

He opened his umbrella and took another draw. ‘.
at his pipe. “

“See dat rock?” he continued, pointing with his
pipe at the one the negroes were lishing. “Bery
great ‘fetish. Ten mans scrub at rock all day
and all night, too. No stop. Keep fetish datx,
lib in dat rock in good humor, den nottin’ happen’. ‘

' Jack and Will now perceived that a spirit was
su posed to reside in the rock, and that the o_ut- 3
si e of his residence wasbeinﬁ so persistently ..
scrubbed in order to propitiate im and put him ,
in tem er. Such divinities were supposed ‘j
by e Gold oast negroes to dwell in other places
just as queer, such as inside the trunk of every
curiously shaped tree, in certain animals, in ruli-
ning water, and so forth. _Leaving thefetish
rock, King Coﬁee, accompanied by the two has.‘
walked on to the village. ‘ -L

Passing down a wide stream planted‘ on 
side with wild ﬁg and uinbmlla trees-—the latter
so called from the dome-like shape of their droop-‘ ~
ing folia e-—they presently came to the mar
"‘“°.‘:a “theater '::*:..:'i"“‘°“.:°e:e....'“
sen . , un s c op o ‘_ V

chaﬁng and =. ' ’ g

              
           
             
             
 
 

        
         
  

 
        
        
     
     
   

    
 
       
     
     
      

    
      
    
 

  
   
    
 

   
        
    

   
    
 

were bu bargaining.
The i  P\.u'chase_r"would

  

    
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
      
      
  
     
    
   
         

-certain price, whereupon the seller would just
- is determined] lay on to the other end and _de-
mand just douhle the sum. Then the Jabberiiig
that ensued between them almost deﬁes ‘descrip-
  At one moment you'd think the parties were
ging to ﬂy at each other’s throats, the next that
‘ e were anxious to swear eternal friendship-
. his sort of thing was going on in at least a
Iscore or two places at once, and the two boys were
almost deafened by the babel of sounds that arose
higthall sides. King Coﬁ'ee surveyed the scene
wi
Whiﬁs of tobacco smoke from his thick lips. '1 iie
‘ ' were greatly interested, as well as amused,
» 'by all they saw in the village. Being under the
‘king’s wing they were objects of respect as well
as curiosity. The women were clad for the most
I, . rt in a bright-hued petticoat reaching just be-
‘ & their knees, and a still brighter nondescript
head-dress, that set off their wooly locks’ and
‘black, pei-spiring faces. Then there were men and
‘children ofboth sexes up to a dozen years of age.
There wereenormous gourds, melons, pineapples,
d appetizing vegetables exposed for sale at
prices equivalent to a couple of cents of Ameri-
can money. Under some of the covered sheds
long rows of shark's ﬁns were offered _to the _pub-
lic, these bein considered an especial dainty;
. while in other s_ eds one could purchase tasty little
. joints of monkey and crocodile.
-~ Jack and Will had the time of their lives dur-
ing. the hour they _passed in the villages. Their
.r'6yal guide was invaluable, for in his broken
" lish he explained many things to them, and
 'gh rank suﬂiced to clear the crowds from
their path. ‘ _ .
 After taking them through the villa e the king
 them back to the shore and then roadly in-
-thiiated that he thought his services worth a bottle

 

    
 
  
   
 
     
 
     
   
      
    
          
       
    
     
  
 

i  the boatman.” _ _
‘ Coffee seemed to put little faith in the

»Kin
 n, for he declared he would accompany the
boys to the yacht and get it himself. , _
-3. “Howly ,poker!_ What koind of scarecrow is
 dunno?” ejaculated Larry when the boat
reached the yacht with the king seated conspicu-
in the stern.

ill invited the kin

 
 

     

  
   

, aboard. but he declined to
e.»tlie boat. and" so iai-ry was sent for a bottle
_ j Holland gin. is soon as his majesty clutched
dthe bade good-by to the boys and ordered the
§U8U!I8n to row shoreward. be boys had eaten
ntifully of fruit ashore, but they found room
.. "the'diiiner that Larry served up. _-hm Bludso
' instructed the boys to ﬁnd out in what d_i-
.g._,.lon Coomassie lay. The king toil them it
‘as thirty miles to the south, and they communi-
wt. ii the intelligence to the sailor. The manner
year‘ they would sail for that port at once and
‘ ’ .2'iase the necessary implements for their ex-
ltion. Accordingly, after dinner the anchor
‘hoisted, sail m e, and under the inﬂuence
alight breeze they started southward. '

   

  

  
 
 
  

 

    
  

  
    

En X.-'--The ‘Wreck of The “Mlindsor
' " Castle." '

 
 

ON’ THE GOLD COAST

placid indiﬂerence, occasionally blowing_

‘’  ‘rum. 5
" “All right,” replied Will; “we'll send it to you

'cordln

.. it ldbe ts ‘bl a‘ ' - 
,,.r;°.:: .....:...::;i* “imam”-

15
and began to follow its winding, snake-like course
inland. There was just wind enough to propel
the ﬂeet yacht along at the rate of a couple of
miles an hour, and sudden darkness overtook them
in the tortuous channel. They kept on, however,
for a star-studded sky furnished them with all
the light necessary for navigation; but they uidii’t
go very far after all, for the wind soon died
entirely away, leaving them becalmed in the
stream. As there was a strong ebb current the
anchor was dropped and the yacht came to a rest
between two overhanging banks thick with tropi-
cal verdure. Their supper consisted chieﬂy of
fruit and coffee, and during the short time it took
Larry to prepare the latter he found the little
forepeak a regular sweat-box. An hour later the
moon came up, and a more glorious night the boys_
had never seen. About nine o’clock the boys pro-
posed to take a bath in the river before turning—
in for the night on deck, but Bludso advised them
not to, for he knew from experience that there .
were crocodiles in that river, as well as up the
numerous creeks. ‘

No watch was kept that night, and the four
occupants ‘of the yacht slept tranquilly in spite
of the hideous sounds made by the howling mon-
keys and other species of beast and bird that were
very much alive after darkness fell on the face
of nature. Early next morning they resumed
their way up the river under the impetus of B
breeze which sprang up with the rising of the sun.
This breeze was light and it was nearly noon
when the sailor turned the head of the boat into
a wide-mouthed creek, the banks of which were
thickly screened with trees and tropical vegeta-
tion. After proceeding only a short distance the
creek turned to the south, and then right before
their eyes loomed the weather-beaten hull of a
stranded ship.

hf‘Hui~rah!' shouted Will excitedly. “There's the
s ip.”

“That's the wreck of the ‘Windsor Castle,’ is’
it?” Jack asked Jim Bludso. ‘ I «

“Ay, ay, my hearty,’ replied the sailor. '- .

"‘And youve seen the mone bags in her hold?"

“I seen one of ’em. A where one is the
others must be, for I’ve heardthat she carried
$2,000,000 in gold and silver coin.” .

“You ripped the bag open to make sure of what
it contained, I suppose?” T

“No; I foupd it ripped open already, and some  

of the silver gone.”

“Then you can't tell’ but somebody has been 1

here since and got away with the tl‘€88l'll‘e,'t’. said
Jack, rather aghast at the‘ bare idea of such a
possibility.
“That must
money was taken by the two natives who, ac-
to the newspaper account, Spent it so
freely in Cooinassie that they were arrested,” said
Will. “That he pened more than ten years ago’.

They lost their 'ves, you 'remeinber, at the  I
‘they started to return for some more of the

m°“n‘1§y'”ca. 'ed f th '1 with you,
on rri some 0 e si ver awa ’ .
didn't you?” asked Jack to the sailor. y " “
“I took about two hundred coins. That wnsiall ‘

C ‘V

been line;

1 could carry,” answered Bludso.
since you were here,” said ‘Will. “I hope mg, agg-

 

“Well, we'll soon see if one has

ourexpecta

 

K

have been the bag from which the I, ’ 1

 

..

 

   

     
     
  

 
 
     
    

  
   

that the wreck had been looted. The creek was a
deep one, so‘that the yacht was able to approach
the shore so close that Bludso was able to leap
on to the bank from her bows. He carried the
mooring line with him, and tied it securely to one
‘of the trees. The three boys followed one after
 r the other. The wreck stood upright, and was
L; * deeply imbedded in the soil. Her masts had all
9 gone by the board, and her upper works were
smashed in. 'I‘he hull, however, had stood the
winters and summers of ﬁfty years with extra-
ordinary tenacity, and seemed in little danger of
going to pieces for many years yet. There were
oles here and there where for one cause or
another, the wood had rotted quicker than else-
where, but on the whole the boys had not expected
to find the luckless “Windsor Castle" in such a
fair state of preservation.

After giving the boys a chance to view the ex-
-terior of the wreck to their satisfaction, the sailor
-led his young companions to the bows, which was

' almost ﬂush with the top of a low bank, and they
found nodimculty in reaching her forecastle deck.

It was full of holes, and care had to be exercised
in crossing it. ,

, Descending to the main deck, where the stumps
of two of the masts still pointed to the heavens,
the found it in a better state of preservation.

[ﬁie two big hatches were on, and the shreds of
rotten canvas that still clung around their edges

‘ showed that they were battened down when the
vessel went ashore.

There were many holes, and the wood was soft-
and punky in spots, but there was ‘only one open-

_ ing of any large size visible, and it was through
this that the sailor penetrated to the hold when
he discovered the wreck.

. —“There’s nothin’ in the cabin or. staterooms, ex-
‘ ce_pt' the table and some chairs and things that
seem to hold out.’ Everything’ else_ has rotted
away,” said Bludso. “Ye kin look if ye want;
There’s no danger, for the ﬂoor is solid enoug .

The boys decided _to_look, and‘while they were
satisfying their curiosity the sailor dropped into
the hold to see if the money bag was where he

had seen it. . v

“So we are actually aboard of the ‘Windsor
Castle,'?' said Will as they entered the cabin.
which was lightenough, as the deck above was
full of holes.

’ “Apparently we are. I noticed ‘the faint tra-

T "elngs of the letters WIND and TLE, with a long
«space between, over the door," replied Jack.

. : 1 “sure, itls a wonder there's a board lift after
 1 ‘a’ bare ﬁfty years,” remarked Larry. Ive

’- wn strong houses in Ireland to fall apart in

I less toime than that whin ‘lift to thimselves.”

, “I es: the dryness of the atmosphere had‘

   do with keeping the vessel intact,”

y lligked into all .the stateroom: arlidf the;

stcwfard’s, pantry, but there was not ‘ e t o

r contents but dust, rotten shreds of c 0th. and

 

  

  

     
    
   
      
      
  
  

  

  
 
   

Iachinents. . ._
There. wasn’t even a single skeleton of pas-
crew visible. _

 astheir survey was over they_ returned

:: -*

  mm *=“::';%:.* "W-

ON THE GOLD COAST

“twilight of the hold, which was ﬁlled with the 

‘and sinewy arms deep down into the sack and

‘never handled so much pure silver in yer life

remains of the bunks and other stationary at-x

, to the yacht, where:

   
  
    
   
  
    
   
      
    
      
     
      
   
        
     
      
       
        
           
 
     
   
    

“Ahoy, my_ hearties!” came a muffled voice
through the big hole in the deck.

“He’s down. in the hold looking for the money r 
bags, ’ said Will. “Let’s go down.”

One by one they descended into the ‘semi-

rotting remains of the general cargo.
:Where are you, Jim?” called out Jack. -
Here. The money is all right.” came back the

reply.
_The hearts of the boys beat with suppressed ex-
citement.

No chance prowler had visited the wreck since
Blud_so’s discovery, and so the treasure was there
and intact for them _to carry away in the yacht.

All their expectations were about to be fulﬁlled.
and they were on the brink of becoming young
Croesuses after a fashion.

The very idea was a thrillingoiie, and they ad-
vanced into the hold with great eagerness, un-
nuatllful of 'the many obstacles that lay in their
P8

They found Jim Bludso squatting over the
mouth of a torn bag shovelin up handfuls of
tarnished coin about the size 0 fifty-cent pieces.
and letting them run like water between his fin-
gers while he feasted his eyes on them, and his‘
ears with the musical jingle.

Many of the coins were bright, for it was only ~.
the top layers that were black or coppery from the
oxidizing action of the air.

The sailor had evidently been thrusting his hairy

disturbed some of the less affected ones.

The bags containing the silver; 'udging from the
one in evidence, were larger and very heavy, as
much as two strong men would move with great
exertion. .

“Come down here, one of ye, and shove yer list
into this stuff,” said Bludso. “I’ll warrant ye’ve

  
         
        
  
    
    

afore." 4 ‘

Jack, being in -advance, accepted the invitation, '
while Will and Larry looked on, the latter with
bulging eyes that would have done credit to a ~
lobster. ,

“Mother of Moses! Sure, it's rich we "are
foriver!” he exclaimed. ;
J “IV‘Vhere’s the rest of the money bags?" asked ;

ac . l

“Somewhere under this rubbish. Where one is
the others must be near at hand." said thesailor. "

“Well, let's see if they are,” said Jack. » .-

Accordingly he and Bludso began clearing away
the debris around them. 5 '

It wasn't long before-they unearthed a seco _
bag, closed tightly at the neck, with the seal of.‘-
the East India Company on it. 7

“I guess there's no doubt about all the money
bein here,” said Jack. _

“ ot the least,” replied the sailor, “and I,
reckon the sooner we get itlaboard the yacht that ‘7
better.” ' l x

The boys thought so too, _ : _ _ -_

“It's about dinner time now," said Will. “A__fte:'v
u1r‘e’ve had our dinner we'll start _in and transship
t e coin.’ , . ,

All hands being more or less hungry, it
agreed to defer operations for an hour or so

They left the hold and the wreck and _
Larry got busy

 
  
 

   
        
   
      
   
     
      
       
   

  

  
   
 

J

v..

    
 

  

Obi THE GOLD COAST. 17

culinary d ti hi h i n t e extensive
as their hill-o‘l'§’fa‘iYe ihaiillgriongistzdrhf fruit anti
canned meat.

CHAPTER XI.—Surprised by the Natives.

At the conclusion of the meal they went ashore
and sat down under a wide spreading tree for an
houfs rest previous to beginning the Work of Set‘
ting the treasure out of the hold. _

“It's going to be something of _a Job to get those
money bags out of the hold,’ said Will.

“We'll rig up a tackle_ with the ropes and

we got at Coomassie, and hist em out_,
said the sailor. “The bags bein’ under the main
hatch, the fust thing we’ll do is to get that hatch
all. The four of us kin do that easy. enoug .”
‘ “I know a better way.” put in Jack.

“What is it?” asked W11. .

“We've got an axe aboard. It ought to. be 8
simple matter to batter a big hole in the side of
the wreck and take the treasure out that way.”

After some discussion it _was decided to follow
Jack’: idea as to the ﬁnal disposition of the treas-

_. ure, and all hands now being ready for work,

to th ht to fetch th axe.

La“rIl%‘g>8:l:<!>l§rd anfl Sig: ye know 585: Where *0
make the hole,” said Bliidso. _

“All right,” replied Jack. “Knock on the side
at the best place and we’ll break in there.” .

The sailor started oil’ and the two boys saw him

' disagpcear over the bows of the wreck. Lan'y soon

k with the are, and Will noticed that he
d his rev_olver in his hip pocket. W
“What did you bring my revolver ashore for.

“§:kree(,LI thou t I'd see if I could shoot wan of
thim monkeys at’s _been makin’ faces at us iv_er
since we've been sittin’ under thot tree, he said.

“I'd prefer you wouldn’t; but you're your own
how. If Will is satisﬁed to let you shoot monkeys
with his revolver I don’t see how I can P1'°"9nt

' - - t h rt b d’ g on
theriJifsi‘lllesc‘<ifS§.h(:anv‘eVs1?el'csu husll.o Th¢ays:ilI:>(i~uiilvalsnnoti-
tying them where to begin work. Jack tglralzbed
the axe, and going up to the wreck struc}: e 113-
im-3 3 heavy blow at the spot whence _it e poun E
ing came. The blow knocked 8 518' P1908 ‘"1? °
the vessel's side. While his two companions
watched him he rapidly enlfarlgedtthe hole. lliargs;
fl-ggg both‘ in-poseo s ooingamon ey
tau an: bggagistg help the good work along by

 1  away tlie,fractured planks. Will stood
k re

ady to relieve Jack as soon as he got tired
of the exercise. At that moment Tupper heard a

. succession of strange sounds coming apparently’

from the deck of the wreck. He glanced UP and
1-ted ' di .

 cis-igtlywill in a startled tone as

Jack raised the axe to enlarge the hole. _
“Great Scott!” gasped Jack, lancing i_ip\\ aid.
The deck of the deserted old hu  was alive with

gavage-looking black men armed with 3 ins.

. ugedadz" gurgled Larry. “What kind of hay-
‘thins is these. I dunno?”
I-‘earinf trouble, Will, who was no coward.
Stepped o
3 pocket. — .
- “Jim! Jim Bludso!” shouted Jack. _
03,1», '1 um my ea;-ty," replied the sailor,

rward andsnatched his revolver from

sticking his head out of the hole. “What’s
wanted?”

“We’re in a had ﬁx,” replied Jack, his face

' aglow with excitement and anxiety.

“What d’ye mean?”

“The deck of this vessel is full of negroes with
spears. Don't you hear them above you? They're
looking down at us, and may take it into their
heads to ca turetus right all’ the reel. We must

retreat to t e yacht at once.”

The sailor leaned out as far as he could and
looked upward. What he saw made him utter a
volley of imprecations. He recognized the rascals
as part of a savage tribe of wandering Afghans
who had nearly captured him when he was on his
way u the coast to Coomassie.

“M e for the boat at once,” he said, starting
to pull himself through the fracture in the ves-
sel’s side.

The boys darted for the yacht at once. The
blacks awoke at once from their inactivi With
a wild yell they began springing down mm the
deck in a stream. The boys would sure] have
been c?f)tlll‘ed but for the intrepidity of W’ l Tup-

r. e stopped and began emptying the cham-

rs of his revolver at them. More by good luck
than design, every bullettook effect. As the sav-
age warriors began to drop their advance was
checked and the boys, taking advantage of their
indecis' , gained the yacht, Jack stopping long
enough to unship the mooring rope from the tree.
Then they waited for Jim ludso to join them.
But that was beyond his power, as two stout
blacks caught hold of him as he extricated him-
self from t e hold, and the balance set up a yell
of triumph. . _ ,

“They've got Jim,” cried Jack, “and they'll get
its in a minute if we remain close to the shore any

anger."

With that he gave the light yacht a shove,
sprang on to the bows, and the boat backed out
into the creek. While in Coomassie Will had pur-
chased four riﬂes with a plentiful supply of am-
munition, as Jim Bludso had told the boys that
they might run across unfriendl natives. These
guns now came in handy, and t were imme-
diately’ brought on deck and pla in readiness
for instant use, while the young treasure hunters
proceeded to get sail on the yacht, for, fortu-
nately, there was a light breeze blowin . .

“It’s too bad to leave Jim in the clutches of
those blacks, but I don't see how we can help him
under the circumstances," said Will. ‘

“We can't; but we-won't desert him, just the
same,” replied Jack. “We'll try to rescue him
after we give these chaps the slip.”

The wind caught the sail and the yacht forged
slowly down the creek toward the river. -The na-
tives, who numbered about a dozen, including the
wounded ones Will had laid low with his revolver,
gathered on the shore, shook their spears menac-
ino-ly at the yacht and filled the air with their
yells of disappointment. The boat soon left them
out of sight when it rounded the turn in the creek,
and their cries gradually died away.‘ The boys
sailed down into the river and then came, to
anchor in mid-stream when they saw they had
not been followed.

CHAPTER XII.———ln the Gasp of a Python.‘ V
J “llfow what is going to be our next move?” said
at! .

 

  

“Sail back up the creek after a time and then
you and I will set out with our riﬂes and track
the blacks to their camp, or wherever they are
going, leaving Larry in charge of the boat. The
moment we land he will shove off into the stream
 and anchor, and keep a sharp watch with the two
~ riﬂes he’ll have- cocked and ready for business,”
said Will. ,

“Begorra! s’pose the black nagurs nab yez,
~.vhat’ll I do thin at all, at all?” asked Larry anx-
iously.

“Don’t worry, Larry; in that case you'd be bet-
ter 05 than we were,” replied Jack. “We’ll look
after ourselves pretty sharp. See that you look
well after the yacht and your own skin.” -

After waiting an hour, by which time they be-
lieved the blacks had departed from the vicinity
. of the wreck, the yacht was sailed back up the
creek to the wreck": The neighborhood appeared
W to he deserted, but before landing the boys care-
. ‘ fully examined the hulk and immediate vicinity
’ through the telescope. Taking their riﬂes and a
small supply of provisions’, Jack and Will ﬁnally
stepped ashore and looked for the tracks of the
native party. These were easily made out as well
as the direction in which the blacks with their
prisoner had departed. Waving adieu to Larry,
who at once shoved the yacht off from the shore,
they started off into the tropical vegetatﬁi, after
‘ ‘taking their bearings with a traveling compass
Will hadpurchased in Coomassie.
' "This is a fresh adventure which we never
, counted on," said Jack as they trudged forward,
keeping their eyes on the trail, where amongst
the print of naked feet’ they could make out the
,~ - impression of the sailor's boot soles.
. , \ “Until we are safe from Africa with the money
~ we won't be sure of what may happen to us,” an-
swered Will. . , '
“That's right. We’re in uncivilized territory,
and must take things_ as they come.”
" They walked along for more than an hour, the
. ‘ scenery continuing the same all the way. The
“ voice of nature was still under the hot glare of
. tlw‘ afternoon sun, save for the buzzing of innu-
' auerable insects. No birds raised their glad songs
i in the leafy solitude, nor did they see any si s of
.  beasts or snakes. Another hour passe , and
~",ﬂill'the tracks led on straight through the track-
‘ nu wilderness. Then it was they saw the first
~ ' 1 since leaving the creek. A hupe ape sud-
. zglylyadropped down from a tree branchin front
 6! them and stood regardin them_with a grimac-
 face. The boys didn’t ik,e _his looks, for he
 big and strong enough to give them a whole
. lot of trouble. _ ,
g ' They cocked their riﬂes in case they found it
-nelmasary to use them in their own protection, and
diverging from their course so as to circle around
 beast, they kept on. He made no attempt to
follow them, though he chattered at them in a
easy lively way, and they presently left him be-
A ’ much to their rehef. The now entered a
action of country wdl covered with trees, though
ﬁﬁould scarcely be called a wood, as the trees
were some distance apart. There were places,
ﬂyover, where therwere close together. They
Que mostly cottonwood trees,,though the boys did
:.egepnze_that fact, and were interspersed
 with's,ilvei-‘acacia. The trees were
"' lg hstoons of epeeners.‘adorn;ed with

 

\

. )

 

   
  
   
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
     
   
   
 
 

i

   

  
   

     

 

ON THE GOLD COAST

glorgeous ﬂowers, as ropes connect the masts of I _
s 1p. 1 .
The undergrowth was thick and rank, yet they
were able to track the natives and their prisoner
without much trouble. They occasionally trod on «
glittering green lizards that lay sunning them- .
selves in their path. Large brilliant-hued butter-
ﬂies were to be seen continually, ﬂying around
them or resting on the lovely tinted ﬂowers on
which they frequently alighted. Suddenly they
lost the trail at a babbling brook and they came
to a full stop. -

“It doesn't seem to be continued on the other
side,” said Jack. “The rascals may have gone u
or down this stream. The question is, which di-
rection did they take?”

“It may save time if you go a short distance
down the stream while I’ll go up,” suggested Will.
“We mustn’t go too far if we’re not successful in
locating the tracks of the rascals, but come right ,
back to t_his spot. We'll mark it with this rotten
tree which we'll throw across the stream at this
point. Whoever strikes the trail will shout to the
other’, and if he gets no reply he must come back

“All right,” agreed Jack. ‘

They threw the tree across and then started of
on their different routes. Jack hadn't proceeded
more than a hundred yards when he saw where
the native party had come out of the water and . '
resumed their way through the underbrush. He '
was about to shout when he heard Will utter a
terrible scream for help.

“Great Scott!” ejaculated Jack. “Will is in
trouble.”

He turned around and ran back the way he
came, guided by the frantic cries of his compan-
ion. Bursting into a small glade, whence the cries
issued, Jack beheld a sight that transﬁxed him
with horror. Will was dangling about a yard
above the ground in the coils of a huge python.
The reptile must have been at least thirty feet
long, and while three folds of its tail were twined
around the smooth trunk of a peppermint tree the .-
rest of its length hung ndiilum-like therefrom
with one coil around Wil ’s body. There was still
sufficient length of neck for the terrible-looking
creature to make another coil, but it had not done
so as yet. It had twisted its large ﬂat head 
round, and, with its great, glassy, metallic and , 
scintillating eyes was glaring at its victim with ‘V
hungry lust. . ‘

Will's cries had ceased for the python was fas-
cinating him with its stony stare, preparatory to
making another coil and then crushing him to
death. _The head of the slimy monster swayed
rhythinica_Ily_ to and fro. Its jaw opened to emit ,
a shrill hissing sound, like escapin steam. Its ’
forked tongue played lightning-like fore Will’.-.
staring eyes. Jack, after the ﬁrst thrill of hor-
ror and dismay, recovered control of himself and -
advanced with great resolution to his companion’: 3
rescue. Heicocked his riﬂe and circled around to » 1
get Willkgt of range.

. Jack It and tried to get a sure head on the
python’s moving head. After several attempts he’
fired quickly; s the smoke ﬂoated away he saw
that the python was whirling its head to and flu.
blindly and at random. gash in;
it. As Jack was trying forvanother shot
snake s_wui_i its folds around. and drop
like he mi t a hot stove that he 

 
     

   
   
    
   
 

      

  

    
  
 

   
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
       
   
  
   
   
  

by mistake. Watching his chance, Jack darted
. forward, seized Will by the arm and dragged him
j away. The python was done for, as the heavy’
ball had passed through his brain, and Jack,
' his companion in his arms, left the rep-
tile to his death agonies, A dash of water soon
revived Will, and he ‘sat up without assistance,
but his nerves had suffered a terrible shock and
he trembled violently.
“You saved my life, Jack,” he quavered, “and
I shall be grateful to you as long as I live.”
“That's all right, old man,” replied Jack. “It
was my duty to do it, wasn’t it? You'd have
done the same thing for me.”

CHAPTER XIII.—The Rescue of Miss Bishop

_ “It will soon be dark,". said Will, after looking
‘ at his watch, “and darkness falls like a shot in
‘ 1 these latitudes. They say the animals come qut
‘ T after nightfall, so we had better look for some
spot to camp where we can light a circle of fires
‘for our protection.” ,
. “I guags we can reach that line of hills yonder
3 before long, and that will be a better place to
‘rout than where we are," replied Jack. _

“Then let’: hustle.” J

They increased their speed, but darkness caught
than before they had reached the elevated ground.
. Quddenly the underbrush ceased and they came
“ ‘into a large open space. Right before them
‘hshed several tires, and they saw a crowd_of
dark-“skinned natives squatting about them eatin
their evening meal. Two wandering parties ha
evidently come together, for the boys counted over

in the camp.

', “We've caught our party, I guess, but it seems

i

    
 

ittohave been reinfo many others,” said
Jack. “Here is where we ve t to go‘slow or
.Vle’ll be in a k ofitrouble. e can't hope to

  

' '/-snecessfu ly with the whole of that bunch."
walks ﬁrstthiﬁg we must do is to locate Jim.
1;! we move cautiously they may not get on to our
pretence,” re lied Will. -
W “Come on, en; we'll move up closer." '
‘- ,‘ ‘They got down on their hands and knees and
crawled slowly and silently toward the Ashantee
ggmp. By de they got close enou h to see
4 one in it distinctly in ‘the glare urnished
by Re ﬁres. ‘ _ _ ' W
“Say, isn't that a white girl tied to that tree.
said Jack. - _ - - ' _ _
' “Yes, so it is," re lied Will in surprise.
“Why, there is im hobnobbing with one of
natives, who seems to he of more importance
. gﬁﬁn -the others. He isn’t a prisoner at all. _I
' rider how he came the confidence game over the
Hack! Jim must have a silvery tongue when _it
comes todeallng with black ainoors,” said Jack in
glue astonishment at the complexion of affairs,
"different from what the boys had eigpected.
-?1'he,«hoys crouched down in a little thicket that
' = apart by itfelf. At that moment the black
1- and Jim B udso arose and, leaving the ﬁre,
toward spot where.the )Joys were com

ask. ‘ hef’§h#“ We.

s

  

  

    
 
  
  
  
   
    

 
  

   

 
   

ON THE GOLD COAST

 

   

ii

unless’ they walk right on top of us," replied
J ackicoolly. . ,
The sailor and the Ashantee came close to the
thicket and then stopped. '
“If  get the boys ashore where ye kin nab ’em,
and give ye two,",here Jim held up two ﬁngers,
“bottles of rum, ye’ll agree to let me go at the

cri’k, _and ye’ll go away yourselves? Is that a _
bargain?"
“Ugh! Yes. Me ﬁx all right. All me want is

boy. One shoot three, four my people. No stand
dat. Me ﬁx dem to stakes, head down, and let
hyena eat.” '

_ The Asha_ntee could talk and understand Eng-
lish very fairly, it appeared. J a_ck and Will were
aghast_at the duplicity of the sailor. To save his
own skin he intended to turn traitor to his friends
and betra them into the hands of the savage
natives. _t was not what they had expected of
him, and_it wasflucky for them that they had
learned his intentions and could be on their guard.

“Dat right. We go dere. Ride in bush. Um
’t1jY play trick we t’i-ow spear. Nebber miss um
aim. l’ose um do right t’ing dem um go free,"
we go way with boy.” \

“I’ll do the_right thing, don’t you worry. The
boys are nothin’ to me. I was goin’ to shake ’,' 
‘ anyway, as soon as they had helped me load boat." »' 

“Load boat? What um ‘want carry ’way!” ’
asked the Ashantee curiously.

“Wood from the wreck, 0’ course," replied the

sailor glibly. _ ..
' good. Plenty rot,” said the :5.

 

“Wood not much-
native.

“There’s lot of good wood in it.”

“Build new boat. eh?"

“No; make house with wood.”

“Um! We go back. Sleep soon.
sun come up.”

The pair of rascals

   
  
 

    

V Start. song’ .
then walked back to the’ '

camp. .
“What do you think of Jim now?" said Jack. ' ~
_ “He’s a scoundrel," replied Will an ily. “The
idea of him making a deal,to put us the hands"
of those black scamps.” ' * 1
‘‘He intended to do us‘ an _a . Did on ' ‘ A
what he said? That he’ walwgoying to ziliakileg,-_
anyway, as soon as we had helped load the yacht.
Ifll bet the villain intended to leave us here to
starve and sail away tovcoomassie with as much‘
of the treasure as the boat could carry safely." V T‘
“This is a nice return after the trouble we've’
taken to come all the wa out here to try and.
rescue him. Fine gratitu e, isn't it?"
“It's a good thing we came: We would have
stepped into the trap to~inorrow and our goon
wou cl have been well cooked. Now we know wjgﬁ
30 eﬁtpecli, and we'll take care not be caught,” said‘
ac . .
“We’d better get back right away.” .
“Hold on. Those blacks have a girl 
yonder. We must try and rescue her in place)!“

allow are you ping to do it?” 1 ‘ ' “ .
i don t know._ e must watch dud wait awhile,
While we're doing that we'll have a eold"~big¢.,
I'I2s('l8lIcedI-,’l'l\‘lI{ihg1‘y." .bo '  i‘ :-
Voam -.’» etwo ysunslurj ‘
oiioed tromthgei   i M’

‘S.

      
    
       
         
       
 

 
  
   
    
 

    
  
    
 

   
 
    

  
   
  

     
   

 

  
 
 
  

  

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
    
   
   
   
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  

however, were in no hurry to make the desperate
venture they had in view. They didn’t propose to
takeany more chances than they could help. So _
the waited another hour.

“. on wait here, Will, and I’ll go forward and
attempt the rescue alone. If the rascals wake up
and go for me use your riﬂe. Between us we
ought to make a lot of them pretty sick, and we
, may be able to escape into the brush in the con-

' fusion.” . __ ‘

Will was loath to let his companion stand the
A . brunt of the venture but Jack told him it was the
-' :hcst,plan he cou1d—think of. So shaking Will by
the hand,'he started forward like a snake in the
grass. The girl was tied to a tree that stood a
* .« little wag from the main bunch of sleepers. The

nearest lack lay about two yards from her. As
Jack drew near he saw by the red glare of the

tires that she was pretty and well dressed.
 How she had been captured by the rascals of
 course he could not imagine. A great diﬁiculty
' presented itself to him, and that was how to at-
tract her attention and let her know that a
' friend was near without startling her into making
some sound that probably would arouse the blacks,
who might be counted upon as light sleepers. He
ﬁnally decided on a plan. He advanced like a
 till he got close behind the tree. Then
';  softly up he placed one hand ovei- her
’  She uttered a stiﬂed cry of terror, but
“Jack chocked it oﬁ and whispered in her ear.
, “Be silent for your life, miss. I have come to
‘ save on. Nod your head if you understand me,”
_said ack.
. There was a pause, and then the fair girl col-

lected her wits and nodded.
“You promise not to make a sound? If you do
you will sacriﬁﬂ! me as well as yourself.”

She shook her head. ‘ _ ,

, He took his hand away, and with the knife he
already had open in his hand he an to cut her
bonds. ‘In : few minufes she wig: hree, and Jfaick,
=, taking‘ er the ham , gent y er away mm
the camp. - otaword was spoken between them
they reached the thicket from which Will had
been nervously watching the course of events with
is cocked riﬂe ready for immediate use.
“Come. Will, let's get out of here as soon as
we can," said Jack. “The moment this girl’s es-

is discovered there_will be the dickens to pay.
* t is your name, 1111887’:

“Bettie Bishop," she replied shyly. - _

“Mine is Jack Harding, and this is my particu-
friend, Will Topper.”

-She nodded and smiled-as the boys hurried her
 the underbrush, new alive with all kinds
*5‘dia lical sounds. V ”

“Pm afraid it isn't safe to go through this
phcein the dark," said Will, remembering with
shudder his terrible. experience with the python.
~“’W,¢’vc‘ got to chance it,” replied Jack. ,“We
‘stay aroundhere till daylight. We’d have to
not our lives and be‘ captured in thesend.
waist reaclrtlie creek by mornin , for those
.» "meal probably make a move y sunrise,
 they arrive at the wreck we ought
down  a  of their reach."

‘ v I ’" ' ioﬂa‘

   
 

  

l_ .many‘_a_larining interruptionsvfrom the
‘ =~he«di'stz-ict i 

ON THl<l GOLD COAST

CHAPTER XIV.-—-The Midnight Retreat.

“You must pardon me for not thanking you be-
fore for rescuing me from those Ashantees, Mr.

‘Harding/’ said Hattie Bishop; “but I have been

so upset by my terrible urperience since they car-
ried me oil’ from the home of a friend I was visit-
ing that I am sure you will excuse my delay in
expressing to you the gratitude I feel toward "

“That's all right, Miss Bishop. My frien and
I came here to rescue the white sailor you must
have noticed in the camp. He was our companion
in a trip across the Atlantic in Tupper’s yacht,
which now lies at anchor in a creek four hours’
journey from here. The reason we did not try to
save him after coming here to do so is because
we accidentally overheard a conversation which
took place between him and the leader of those
blacks soon after we got ‘here. He planned in
order to save himself to betray us into the hands
of that crowd, and that settles him with us-for
good and all. Seeing you bound a prisoner to
the tree, we determined to rescue you, and we are
both glad to know that we succeeded, at least up
to this point. We hope to land you on board of
the yacht before daylight, and with any kind of
luck I feel confident we will do so,” said» Jack.

As they tramped through the luxuriant vege-
tation the girl soon got on social terms with her.
rescuers, and -told them the story of her capture
by the Ashantees. She said she was the daughter
of William Bishop, the American consul at Mon-
rovia, in Liberia. She had been persuaded to
visit a dear friend of hers, the wife of ‘a mis-
sionary, who lived in Kumassie, a town in the
Ashantee land something over a hundred miles
from the Gold Coast.

The previous afternoon she had gone with a
native guide to visit the ruins of a picturesque
idol house. 'While there she and her conductor
were attacked by a small band of unfriendly .;g
natives who were hovering about the neighbor "
hood. The guide was killed and she was carried
oil’ to. the rendezvous of the hand. Then the
entire party set 03‘ at once for the coast, taking
her with them.

She learned that they intended holding her for
a ransom, the terms of which she was told had’
already been communicated to the missionary...
They intended to carry her about from place to
placeuntil the ransom was paid, when they pron!- ~ » <
ised to return her to the party who brought the 2
ransom. The boys sympathized with her, and. —
assured her that they would take her. to her.
parents in Monrovia in their yacht as soon as, ,.
circumstances, would permit. Jack then ex- 
plained to her how they came to be in Africa. '

He told her the story of their strenuous experis 
ence since the day they had been caught in tilt.” in
fog of!’ the Long Island shore. She marvellcd'’- »»
much at their nerve in sailing from the Barbed '
to the coast of Africa in such a small “R.
They_ were well on their way back to the creek,
guided by Will’s pocket compass,-‘ by ‘the ting
Jack had ﬁnished the narrative of theiiasdvcuv
tures up to date. It must not be supposed 
they had gone thus ‘far without encount '

A

 

   
   
  
 

   
  
     
    

  
   
 

  
    
 

    

Qenigens of

 
 

    
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
   
   
    
  
  
     
     
     
   
 

or two when those vicious brutes got too in-
, quisitive. 0nce_they met a big python on_ their
way, but put him to ﬂight with a bullet in his,
snaky hide, which didn't do him any material
harm. Monkeys without number bothered their
gress at times, but they were not forced _to
_ t one. Fortunately they did not meet with
any worse animals than those described during
their eventual journey of nearly six hours, which
 seemed almost endless to them. It was after
“ three in the morning when they finally reached
the creek and the wreck of the "Windsor Castle.
.The moon had been up for some hours, and
the yacht lay silent and motionless at her moor-
’ ings about midway between the banks. Larry
 was not in sight, and as the cabin door was
H closed, there seemed no doubt that he had gone
. to sleep. As there was no wind, it woul be
rather‘ a difficult matter for the Irish lad to
_' the yacht up to.the shor9..S°_J8.ck Said
 there wasn't any use of awakening him for the
present. ’ So they marched up the bank and seat-
ed themelves on the bow of the wreck..

‘>3

light breeze came with sunrise. and then
- dgscharg-ed his riﬂe. The re rt awoke the-
of the, neighborgmod. and. it also

Her mine out. into the cockpit and was
to see a, girl instead of Jim Bludso with
associates. Jack motioned him to_worlr the
ht in toward the shore. He immediately ran
the jib, and then hoisted the anchor by means

is

as;

7 tiller and steered the yacht up to the bank.

~“Didn’t' yes foind Jim?" he asked-

-“We found him, all right,” replied Jack.

-“And where is he ?" _ . )1

'~ “I'll tell you all about him presently. GIVS t e.
young lady your hand and help her aboard._

%T,¥, ,‘;"§hi?'and where did yez foind her?" he
asked as Jack stepped aboard. ., * ”
“You'll learn by and bY- NOW push off. _
. Larry was clearly uzzled, but he said nothing
‘further. It was his . uty simply to follow orders,
'- and not to be _unduly inquisitive as to why! thg
“ orders were given. The Y§¢ht W35. 3h°"° °
_.mto the stream, and Jack s intention was_ to
eheaddown the stream to the river. The W1_Y1(l:
however, suddenly died out completely. leaving
‘them becalmed midstream. '
'“'I‘his is hard ’luclc," said Will. “Those rascals
will be here in two or three hours. If the whole

' - ma be able to overpower
‘h!t%)'ﬂl:lI¥cetr<)ag) ’Ill?l'leg]e1'S. yl wouldn't be surprised
kit, the would be able_ to ﬂing‘ the" Spealis 35 £31‘
"t with good aim-" _ 9
Sui-e,‘whot are ye: talkin’ about. ’_ W

ghjm nagurs to come here ag in .
j in ‘some trepidation.
 e do,” replied Jack.

  
  

Do yez (Ni-
asked

 
  

“They’re coming after

   

Howly Moses!" -

.“Comin' after us! .
‘ four’ magazine

“Don't get scared. We 23!“!
. to defend ourselves with. M,
able stand them off. ._ Can you 9100*» 135.

I " “1fvé‘,ﬁx-ed olf a/riﬂe many
mu, can, depend «moon W“ >’°'**‘
. . V - A - ‘ 1 — L 

v~

    
 

ON THE GOLD COAST

remained talking together until thesun !‘0Be- ,.

.'dlass,afte hihh ntothe.
‘ “mm W‘ ' W ° e m A the creek. The party led by Qie chief of the band,

. started to hunt through the llhderbrush. After

;}nnch comes, and they ﬁnd we refuse to walk‘

so I guess»we'll -

21

shai'e of the defense. You seem to be a brave
girl, and not likely to faint in an emergency,”
said Jack with a glance of admiration, for all
boys admire plucky girls. “Now you must be dead
tired out, so the cabin is at your disposal. Go in
and lie down, and when we think your services
are needed we'll call upon you.”

He led_Miss Bishop into the cabin, the style of
which uite captivated her. Will's bed was made
up, so ack told the girl to take possession, of it.
As she felt the need of rest very much, for she
had slept scarcely any since she was captured,
she lay down on the outside, just as she was, and »
soon fell into a sound sleep. When Jack returned
to the cockpit he found Will narrating to Larry
the adventures they had met with since leaving-
the yacht the afternoon before. ‘

“Get _us a cup of coﬂ‘ee, Larry, and then Will
and I will turn in for an hour or two of sleep. You .
must keep a sharp watch and when Jim appears
on the bank and hails you wake us up and we will
attend to hiin,”,said Jack. ,

 

_cii.A.P‘rI~:n XV.——’l'he Trap That Didnft work.

Larry had a long watch, for instead of the -
sailor. appearing in two hours or so, came.
and he had not appeared. The truth o?the~mat~ L
ter was, when the Ashantees woke up at sunrise .-
and found their female prisoner gone, they start-
ed off to search for her in four diﬁerent direc-
tions, instead of taking up their line of march for

,..

with Jim Bludso under his eye, and which con-
sisted of about ten men, exclusive of themselves.

several hours of search, during which they were ‘.
well scattered, they ﬁnally came together in the
glade where the dead carcass of the python shot
by Jack lay, half eaten by jackals.

A consultation took place between Bimbo, the
head man. and his followers, and it was decided
to league the quest to the other three parties and.
go on to the creek. Bimbo was now more anxious
than ever to get his clutches on the three lads, '
promising himself ample revenge for the injuries -
Will had inflicted on four of his party with the re-‘ 
volver. Many hours having been already lost.’ 
they pushed forward to the creek, arriving there
about. ncon.- Larry was eating a luscious melon,
and had grown careless in his watch. Jack. Will _ "1-
and Miss Bishop were still asleep. Suddenl Lar— . 
ry’s attention was attracted to the shore y the
voice of the sailor hailing him. Turning his head. ,
he saw Jim Bludee Handing just in front of the
thick bushes. ‘ *

Right behind tiui uscally old salt, but carefully.  .
screened by the ‘mderbi-ush, squatted Bimbo, . ‘
while his men were hidden near by, their greed 
eyes fastened oi: the small craft which ‘nay-we
out of their reacs. «

“Yacht ahoy!’_' mared Bludso again.

“Ahoy yoursilf!" replied Larry,
away at the melon. _

.“Br‘ the. boat in to the bank, and take an
aboard,’ said the sailor. ' 2
. “How kin I, faith, whin there’s no wind” ‘
plied Larry innocently. » ~ 4

.Bludso -evidently had not thought at that -
culty. in his esaeraess to;.fulﬁl_li.-ha w. ~

 
    
    
 

 
 
  

  
  
  

    
  
   

 

   
 
 

 
 
 

’:Bimbo' He. scratched 1118 head

    
   

22

plexed. Clearly here was a quandary neither he
nor the black man had ﬁgured upon.
“Pull up the anchor,” he said. “Maybe ye’ll
drift this way.”
“Sure, I couldn't think of takin’ all that trou-
‘ ble. Yez moight swim out if ez are so anxious
to get here,” replied Larry wit a grin.
, There were cogent~1-easons why Jim Bludso
couldn't avail himself of this invitation. First
and most important was the fact that he knew
a ‘spear would be through his body if he made
the attempt; and, secondly, there‘ were crocodiles,
sleéiging with one eye open, to be reckoned on.
B1 soscratched his head again and seemed to
be up a tree. After thinking the situation over
for a minute or two he abruptly turned on his
heel and entered the underbrush. His purpose
was to consult with Bimbo.’ Larry ﬁnished his
‘ melon and heaved a sigh of éontentment, for it
had tasted good, and satisﬁed the cravings of his
appetite. He didn’t think the :situation serious
enough yet for him to arouse his companions, who

 

of ten minutes the sailor reappeared.
‘ “Say, my hearty,” he said persuasively, “ain’t
‘ yer goin’ to raise the anchor and let the boat drift
over? I don’t want to stay here all day, for I’m
‘most starved to death.”
‘.‘Slie w uldn’t drift over, she’d driftldown,” re-
ied Lar .
“Ye can t tell. I'm a sailor, and it strikes me
she'll driftover.” »
“Me orders are to stay here.”
Seeing that _Larry wouldn’t do anything, the
sailor gave up and squatted down. Ten minutes
more and Larry~'was chutkling to himself
at the disaplpointed look on the rascal_s face when
suddenly a ong spear came whining through the
‘air directly at him. ' Lan-y caught a glimpse of its
shaft glistening in the sunlight, and with a yell
, fell ﬂat on his face out of sight. The s r
. passed over the boat and disap ared wit a
' splash into the creek. Lar ’s 31 l aroused Jack
and Will, and they sat up. s ey looked across
to the shore Bimbo and his ten followers, ﬁnding
that artiﬁce had failed, and im atient at the
‘ delay, sprang with-yells from e underbrush.
. ,They laid hold of Jim Bludso, bound him with
' creeping vines till he was helpless and then they
commenced making a great splash in the water
with the heads of their spears. In a few moments
the snouts of three crocodiles appeared near the
mt. Bimbo stepped forward and called out to
yacht. .
“,‘Um boy, listen. ‘Pose um no come ‘snore
crocodile eat dis man. Um come, give all bottle
rum got 'board, den we let um go, dis man, too.
What um say?" _ _ —
 “What does he take us for?” said Will. Fools?"
“No come,” re lied Jack, believing the whole
thing a big bluff entice them over. “No wind.”
‘ Bimbo spoke to his followers. Two of them
seized the, sailor and carried him down to the
of the creek. . _'
count t’ree,” shouted_Bimbo. “ ‘Pose um
‘age in man go to crocodile. Me no fool.” _
‘win. you think he really means business?” said
“Loch like it." .. _
“That would be tough on Jim."
 min Were not going to put our-

hends. They mightftlii-ow us to

 

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
    
  
  
   
      
   
  

    

 
 
 
  

2‘,

  

still slept on, for they were tired. After the lapse ~

     

I

.ON THE GOLD COAST

the crocodiles instead of keeping us for the hy-
enas. Jim ‘made a bargain with that rascal, and
if the fellow plays him false it is not our fault.
Remember, we’ve got Miss Bishop to protect as
well as ourselves,” said Jack.

“One!” said Bimbo, holding up one ﬁnger, while

the two men who held Jim Bludso began to swing. ~‘

his body to_and fro preparatory to launching it
apparently into the river.

“Two!” cried Bimbo, holdin up another ﬁnger.

::Hold on there!" said Jac , raising his riﬂe.

Um give in? asked Bimbo, while the men
stopped swinging the sailor.

“No, we're not going to give in; but if you don’t
let that man go I'll shoot you as dead as a c
nail!” Cried Jack in a resolute tone, covering Bim-
bo with the muzzle of his riﬂe.

CHAPTER XVI.—The Treasure of the Stranded
Ship.

“Um shoot me?” he howled.

“Yes, I mean it. Let that man go at once.” ,

Bimbo reluctantly ordered his two followers to
untie the sailor. J ac_k then lowered his riﬂe. The
moment'he did so Bimbo sprang into the under-
brush, and the black followed, dragging the sailor
with them. A few moments of silence followed, -
and then came a series of yells _from Jim Bludso.

Are they torturin him?” said Will anxiously.

Before Jack coul reply 2. dark form came

l";(::'lEllaI'1gg :l\;¢=.S1l~1 ti; ‘ of tl: underbrush and fell
e we r.

The three crocodiles made a rush for it as it
sank, and a great commotion followed under the
surface, which was presently streaked with blood.
Firsoogo laozdﬁusfged Jack. “They've done it. V

As q_uickly.as they could the boys emptied their
magazines into the underbrush, and more yells
attested the fast that many of the bullets had
reached the blacks.. The firing_ awoke Miss Bish-
op,‘ and, she came to the’doo_r with a startled face.

Don t be_frightened, ' said Jack to her; “we're
only peppering your enemies.”
asilliigside of ten minutes complete silence reigned
re.

“They're gone," said Jack. ‘

“And Jim has gone, too," replied Will.

The t1‘8gedi_ cast a_ temporary gloom over the
boys. _ They said nothing to Miss Bishop about it.

Satisﬁed that they were comparatively safe,
Jack and Will resumed operations on the
with Larry _on guard on the forecastle with a
aﬂe, i;n<}inMiss Bishop on the watch aboard of

ey y c .

By noon they had enlarged the hole_in the side
of the vessel so that they could easily pass in
and out of the upper hold where the money was,
the lower hold being below the level of the 4
ground in which the hulk was half embedded. ~ '

We ought to try and ﬁnd the gold and get it,
aboard the yacht ﬁrst of all,” said Jack. 

“W ell, le_s hunt for it, then,” replied Will. .

After uncovering ten bags of silver they came
to an ironbound chest. 2

“The gold is _in that chest," said Jack in a'.‘ z 5
t0I‘l‘eWO}f .S;8tlSf8Ct10!l_.' /to d to t t . W 

_ aarewegomg o geiopen. eakel
_Will at length. - 

 
 

    
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
 
   
    
     
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
     
    
  
   
 
    
 
 
 
  

~, ‘I. Be banged away at it for a while, but without
result.

, “I guess we'll adjourn for dinner.
three o'clock,” said Jack.

During the meal they discussed the obstacle
they had run against and various suggestions
were advanced for overcoming it. After a good
‘~ rest they tackled the chest again. Finally it
 showed signs of weakening around the big lock.
. Encouraged by this they redoubled their efforts,
‘-, and at length smashed in the lock. Lifting the
cover, in triumph numberless small fat bags were
exposed to their eager eyes.

‘ _“Hurrah,!” shouted Will in great glee.

. “How much do you suppose these bags are
iworth?” asked Will -
' ' Jack held it up _and tested its wei
-  should imagine about £1,000
sai

(I.
“And the chest is full of them,” said Will.
That was evident. The rest of the afternoon
, was spent in carrying the gold aboard the yacht
and stowing it away in the va r_it compartment
under the cabin ﬂoor. After fi ling that to the
brim they piled the rest of the _bags into the
lockers, which were emptied of their contents for
the purpose. Altogether they counted 200 bags,
representin a probable value of $1,000,000. They
then haul the yacht oil‘ into the stream and
assed the night without alarms. _Next morning
i ey began carrying the_silver coin ab_oa_.rd in a
pan and emptying it loose into the remaining lock-
er, into several boxes they had, and ﬁnally on the
for want of a better place. They got the
contents of three of the ten bags on board when
Jae called a halt “~ _ ”
‘ “ at’s as much ‘as we dare take \\',l’th us, he
id. “Even as it is we’re overloaded.
So it was reluctantly decided to abandon the
rest for the present. In onerespect they were
notsorry to quit work, for it was stifling hot.

It’s nearly

ght.
or $5,000,” he

‘bf a pole they had cut forthe purpose they
‘ “shoved the yacht off into the ‘stream, \\'hel'e they
to wait for a breeze to take them down
to t e river. An hour passed and the part)’ “’91'9_
.Iitting,down to dinner when suddenly the creek
, e a itated and the yacht began to_ rock to
sum fro ike 3 cl:-ad’le.k L85l'(v.I]']lIShed into the
, ' v c an i .
wysggigy giii(i:\;egresyar:e us! Luk! Luk!” cried
' ‘ale Irish boy, pointing in terror at the wreck.
was shivering as with ugue and dromnng aim‘!-
all at once the hold disappeared, as if
‘hallowed up, and the waters of the creek rushed
Dover it like a sluice. _
" ..”‘.‘1t's and earthquake!” cried Jack.

»

fideil-and abreeze can_ie— over the landscape: Catch‘
» the sail and sending the boat ahead. _
.  days later they put in at Coomassie for
“ﬁnch supplies, but they took care not to EIVQ °“,E
hint about the treasure of the “Windsor Castle —
 in their possession. Then the)’ 533193
g e coast for Monrovia. Where the)’ 3"‘“’e
time. Taking Hattie
and Will went ashore and called at 9011311111
ofs omce. When he saw his ‘daughter 9
~. to his feet and clasped her in his arrness
 that a~Jnessen8'et bad 111“ ‘“'.‘''V

 
  
 
 

   
  

  

 
 
 
 

 

‘QQI

. is vi’€h:W°x
a¢.¢g;?a . .

ON THE GOLD COAST

was not the least air moving, but by means,

In a few minutes the convulsion of nature sub-

Bishop‘ with them. _

 

d-1 herp,Df\11'¢ EM
d2o.n.need?E!‘Pl““ 

23

tions followed, and Mr. Bishop thanked the boys.
particularly Jack, for the part they had played
in the rescue of his daughter. Then they aston-
ished him with their story, particularly that part
concerning the treasure of the “Windsor Castle.”
He could hardly believe them, but they carried
him aboard the yacht and showed him the money
in every part of the cabin. The money was de-
posited in the biggest bank in Monrovia, but
before that was done Will sent a cable message
to his father stating their present whereabouts.
Their story was published in the papers, and

_hundreds of people visited the little American

yacht which had performed such an unpre-
cedented feat. The British government took cog-

.nizance of. the treasure and put in a claim for

one-tenth of it, the value of the whole being esti-
mated at $1,300,000. The English, claim, being
a lawful one, was allowed, and the balance was
apportioned as follows: $500,000 to Will, the
owner of the yacht; $400,000 to Jack; $250,000 to
Larry, and $20,000 to Hattie as a present from
the boys. In return she gave her heart to Jack.
who carried it away with him when the three boys
started by steamer for England, after engaging a~
skipper and two men for a liberal compensation
to sail the “Sunbeam" to New York, where it duly
arrived. Great was the reception that Will and
Jack received from their respective families
when they arrived by steamer in New York, and
they were heroes among their acquaintances for
many a day afterward.

Next week’s issue will contain “LUEED EY

THE MARKET; OR, A BOY’S BIG DEAL IN' 

WALL STREET.

'r.oBAcgga..s~"~i-...

up auuiquua ..
-......-'-'3.‘-.%E.“

Malées a Good Present

'13‘!
Ladies’ House Dress (34-38) $1.10. now -
:S.Nu. limited.
Li\(Ilt‘1l' Silk Rayon (3-I-48) $4.25. now $‘.‘.:l(i, ,
very llnilti-cl.
Ladies’ Sulteeii Dress (34-36) $‘.!.~.'io. now
$1.25. very limited.
Lmlii-s‘ I-‘mirlliili Bruililclotli (:19). Sli.U0_ un\\'
$3.00. very limited.
50¢ lntrmliit-tors‘ (lift Fri.-e with viii-li 1vl'ilI'l'.
Sent by 1'. 1'.. C. O. D. _

KING'S. £09 Oneida st.. Syracuse. N. Y.

Be A Detective . ‘

Make Secret Investigations
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.

Fascinating _work. Excellent-o nu»
mty. Experience unnecessary. artic-
ulars free. Write: '

GEORGE R. WAGNER
Former Go-veriineiig 

  

 
   

 

 

     
       
   
 
 
   

   
   
  
    
 
  
  
 
   
 
    
  
     
  
    
    
 
   
  
     
     
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
 
   
  

Charlie Cooper’s Curves

THE STAR PLAYER or THE
UNKNOWN NINE

By Gaston Game

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER IX.
The Plot That Failed.

But it was -Fred Roberts’s suggestion, so he did
not raise any objections.

The pitcher for the Patersons that day was a
Cuban, and it was said that ‘he was a cracker-

jac . .
— But at the third ball pitched to him our hero
hit out a safe one to right ﬁeld and reached ﬁrst.
‘Ben Handy came next and cracked out a good
‘one and advanced Charlie a base. =

Joe Murra followed with a sacriﬁce and Char-
lie and Han y went around an other peg.

/ Harrington struck out, so that made two out
and the second and third bases ﬁlled.

Mike Reilly made a scratch hit, and on account
of the pitcher trying to catch Charlie napping at
third, reached ﬁrst, ﬁlling the bases. ,

It was an exciting moment, for there was a
possibility that the visitors would et in a run.
- It was just at this minute that

’ caught sight of Neville as he took a seat near
 n the grand-staggil. t to hi
manager i-om wen over in.
“A hundred do ars thyat the Unknowns score
 in this inning!" he exclaimed.
‘ ' “I'll take that,” said the black-bearded man.
The money was hardly »put up when Harry
4,. V Hodge sent out a liner, over the head of shot, and
. in came Charlie Cooper like a _steam engine. _
‘ He crossed the plate, and thinking he had time

But the catcher got the ball in time to put him
out, and that wound up the Unknowns’ half of
the inning, with one run to their credit.

Roberts had won his bet, and as he took the

nione from man who held the stakes Neville
look at ' as though he would like to (grip
him by the mat.

V {ﬁat thevnianager of the Unknown nine simply
 _ k f ' 1 k
“I am either routing in a strea o good uc .
‘or 1 have really gotla team of world-beaters, as
Iliave advertised them to be," he observed. _

“Well, I would not bet with you again, not if I
‘sure of winning,” retorted the black-bearded

aiﬂshaii
tmiszise

’t ask, you." ‘

 
  
 
  

- ~ tossedtlie ball to him Roberts called out:
than hit the ball a couple of times, Char-

   

 

red Roberts '

to get there, too, Ben Handy made a sprint for

Cooper now stoodiiii-the box, and as the .
.want-he ﬂee  well the boys can support ,

When
Wieleoked

ON  GOLD COAST

sent in a straight ball that was directly over the
plate for the very ﬁrst one.

The Paterson batter accepted the chance and
sent the sphere skyward.

Dan Haypole, the gawky-looking center-ﬁelder,
séiw the ball was his, and he ran back to get under
1

The batter ot to first before the ball came
down, so fast id he sprint. ..

But that was all there was to it. Maypole raked
the ﬂy in as though he was only too glad to get
his hands on it.

“Out!” shouted the umpire.

As the next man stepped up Charlie decided to
give him an easy one, too. - ‘

Whack!‘ There was a report like a pistol as the
bat hit the ball and away it soared for left ﬁeld. .~

But Carl Schmidt was right on hand, and
though he barely got it with one hand, the ﬂy was
landed in proper shape.

Two out! And the Paterson players were hit-
ting the ball hard.

“T it once more, Charlie,” said Har Hodge ' ,
fromrllis position at short. “It will dorlyhe has
good to have a little exercise out there. I wo d
not mind having a red-hot grounder to handle ;
myself.” I,

The young pitcher nodded. .

Then he sent in a wide curve, just for a change

It did not fool the batter and a ball was called.

The Paterson team had plenty of rooters. They

niade the ﬁeld rink with their shouts of encour-

agement.

-They wanted to see a man get on ﬁrst.

The next ball Charlie sent in had a ' ht in- *
curve to it, and it was just right to hit, ut not
for a ﬂy. _ _

The boy did it purposely in the hope that a,
grounder would go to short.

He got just what he wished for. , -‘

The batsman hit it hard and the ball struck ./ .
the iigound about ten feet to the left of the pitcho \,
ers x.

Hodge ran to meet it and caught it on the sec-
ond bound. . *
Whiz! Joe Murray had it in his hands at ﬁrst
before the batt r was half-way there. "
A whitewaslf for Paterson.
The second, third and_ fourth innings furnished
goose-eggs for both sides. for Charlie settled
own tobusiness and struck the batsmen out one .
after the other, and the Cuban pitcher got in some
very good work.
hile this was being done the _villain Neville _.
was working another pl8l\ to injure Charlie 
Cooper. = i
He left the grand-stand the minute the first i
inning was played and departed from the grounds. »-~
Boardin a'trolley car, he rode down to tin 5"
tliickly—set§led part of the city and ﬁnally brought ‘*2
up into a saloon of questionable repute. ‘ ‘:
He walked into the rear room just as though‘
he knew exactly where he was going, and than‘
who should he ﬁnd but Bill Butts. .
Butts was pretty sober just then, which seemed
rather strange, since he was well supplied witﬁ

mo'l‘lllg'black—.beai-ded villain sat down at the.taH¢:'
with his tool angdoigiergld S4  i ,.
._ came, _ e pa go:
aiiiunei, and min:  .

       
  
       
  
 

  

   

    
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
  
   
 
  

only ones in the room, sincealmost everybody was
it the ball game, he said in a low tone:

“Betta, you saw the autos that the Unknown
nine came to Paterson with this noon?”

' “Yes,” was the reply, “I seen ’em.” ~
 “You know which one Charlie Cooper rode in,
' don't you?” .,

“Yes, I took note of that, Mr._Neville.”

“Well, when they get in to leave the grounds
after the me, I want that particular auto to
blow 11 you understand?”

“It might kill all that's in it,” exclaimed Butts,

‘rig scared.

“I can't help that. I want Charlie Cooper to
die, and if tliere are others to go the same way
I can't help -it. I won’t tell you why, but I know
for a certain that Charlie Cooper will be my
ruin it he is a lowed to live. Now, the thing can
be done very easily. I bought the article that will

it right here in Paterson. I was

,_ enough to run across a man who is an out- '
and-out anarchist, and he was glad to give me
what I wanted for the small sum of ﬁve dollars.
The explosive has a slow fuse to it that will burn
twenty minutes. You must light the_ fuse and

ﬁt the infemall machine in that auto right under
' middle seat. Do you understand?”

“Y es, boss, I‘ll do it.”
‘ “All right. It is a safe way to.do the trick,
-for the explosion will be laid to the gasoline that
:13“ stored in the machine. Now, here is a false
1 heard; put it on by and by and come over to the
mnds. I will meet you there and give you the
b. I will be close to where the two autos are,
Io can’t miss it.”
11 right, boss. You kin depend on Bill Butts
ery time." ‘
“I know I can, and if you will only serve me
gat. I'll make a rich man of_ you.”
had another drink apiece, and then, after
' told him once more what he required him
_ do, Neville got up and left the saloon.‘
Heanwhile the‘ game at the ball grounds was
‘ﬂ'l.'O¢1’eS81_ ii nice y. - "
" In theiffth inning the Unknown nine scored
,er run and their opponents were blanked.
In the sixth Charlie Cooper was the first to bat

   
  
 

  

  
  
   
  

pitcher tried h?rd to strike him out, but it
go go, and Charl e got to first on a neat sin-

Then Ben Handy struck out. .
K rlie stole second at the ﬁrst ball_that was:
. -M to Joe Murray’, and a deafening cheer
*~--.,the crowd was his reward. . _
. Eben Harrington came up and surprised him-
vhy welting out a two-bagger. _ _ l _ _
wild throw to third 'let_ Charlie in, giving
~ three runs to their credit.
. Reilly and Hodge both fanned out and the
was retired. _ _
lie decided to let them hit the hall 883"‘
inning. ,
, was sure that they could win, anyhow. and
”§d not care if they did ‘:2: in a run or two.
is ngt good policy to over-confident, but
an sure thatlhe held the game, in his hands
IE’ not aijraici in risk. -Jettmii them int

 
   
  

 
   
  
  

  

..i.
l!»‘

  

    
 
 

FAME AND I~‘ORTUNE WEEKLY

~a wentouxbe-~ atan

 

25

tween left and center which neither Schmidt nor

Haypole could get. _

The batter got second on the hit, and the Pat-
erson rootei-s fairly yelled themselves hoarse.

“I guess I had better look out,” thou ht the
star player of the Unknown nine. "I di ’t ex-
actly expect that.”

He struck out the next three men in short order.

It was then that Fred Roberts offered to bet a
thousand dollars that Patersonﬁwould not score
during the game. .

The best he could get was a two-hundred- dol-
lar bet, and he took it smilingly. ,

Charlie heard the bet made, and he decided that
the mana er must win it.

The Un nowns failed to score that inning, and

_ it was the same way with their opponents.

In the eighth a Paterson man got as far as sec-
_ond, but he died there.

The Unknowns succeeded in getting the bases
ﬁlled, with two out, in their half, but the Cuban
pitcher played steady ball and no runs were
scored.

"1 think we had ought to have just one more
run,” said Harry Hodge, as he stepped up to bat.
at the commencement of the ninth.

He started 0 as though he meant it, too, for
he belted out a neat single and reached _ﬁrst.

Carl Schmidt followed with a sacriﬁce and sent
him to second, and then Haypole made a long
drive over right ﬁeld and Hodge scored.

But that was all they got.

The. score stood four to nothing, and when
Charlie walked to the pitcher's box he meant that
it should remain that way. 5

And it did, too, for he struck out the first three .
men to come before him.

Paterson had been treated to a surprise that it
would not soon forget. ‘ » p =

The ball team was not long in getting to the
two autos after the game was over, .

As Charlie took his seat at the side of the fair
Marjorie West he detected the odor of smoke.

. It came from beneath him, he thought, and as I’
the chauffeur put the machine in motion ' he
looked down and saw a faint stream of smoke -
cdming from under the leather covering of the
front of -the seat. . A

_As quick as he could he pulled the leather cov-
ering aside and saw an oblong object with a
burnin fuse attached to it. . "’ .

Char ie Cooper was naturally a very cool boy.

He knew that danger lurked in that mysteri-
ous smokin object, and without a word to any

one, he gra bed it and hurled it from the auto. - -
As the object struck the ground twenty feet, 9
away there was a loud explosion and the air was

ﬁlled with smoke.

   

    
 

CHAPTER X.

  
   

Neville And Bill Butts Go To Yonkers.

   

~ Bill Butts had carried 'out the instriictiias "
Neville to the very letter. The bomb had.
placed in the auto, and directly when it .w
"d°Nthe'l$o:tn:lll1‘:ml1iredtOol tood H  if
V W1 i 15  -8 neatthe
Jvatcbinx thebsauhsit ~» « ,

 
 

3.

 
    
 

    

,-i

 

I

 
     
 
    
     
        
 
   
     
       
     
      
  
   
   
   

   

  
  
 
  
 
 

 

   

into the machines that were to bear them away
from thegrounds.

Neville craned his neck when he saw Charlie
Cooper suddenly stoop and seize something that
was in the auto and hurl it from him.

Bang! It was then that the explosion took
place.

“It has failed, Bill!” exclaimed Neville hoarse-
’ ly, as he saw both autos come to a sudden stop

and a crowd rﬁsh for them. “Charlie Cooper
got onto our game, and he pick.d up the bomb
and ﬁred it out just in time to save himself. We
must get away from here, Bill. Keeé) your false
beard on and mingle with the crow . Meet me
at the saloon as soon as you can get there.”

Then the villainous conspirator was gone.

Bill Butts followed the rush. that was »made
for the scene of the explosion, and during the ex-
citement managed to sneak off and board a car. .

* ' When he ﬁnally reached the saloon‘ he found
 "jNevi1le there.

The man yvas playing a game of billiards with
a. stranger, whom he had picked up in the place,
and, to all appearances, he had never dreamed

‘of there being such a thing as an explosion on
y the ball grounds. -
' ‘ But Bil Butts heard everybody talking about
it as he entered the saloon, and he felt in any-
r thing but an easy frame of mind, for he knew
that if it was discovered that he was the mis-
creant he would surely land at the State’s prison.
.. He did not interfere with his employer, but
ordered a drink and sat down and watched the
game. -

It was really wonderful that the black-bearded

a man could play the game so coolly, considering
. what he had done but a short time before.

v But he made the shots just as skillfully as
though his life depended upon it, and he won the

e wi ease. . -

The stranger evidently took him for a sharper,
V forhe declined to play any more. _
Then Neville motioned for Butts to ‘follow him,
. and ‘left the place. ,

“Butts,” he said, “we leave Paterson for'Yon-
. ' kers to-night. The Unknown nine is to play there
.. Decoration Day, which is Monday, and we want
‘ ‘ to get acquainted with the place before we do
‘anything further. How Fred Roberts managed
to arrange a game for that day with the crack
Yonkers nine I don’t know. . But he is a fellow
who runs in a streak of luck, it seems. He don’t
know me, and I don’t mean that he shall. But
I know him very well, Bill Butts. He stole the
fair! I was to marry by his smooth and oily ways.

don't mind telling you this, Butts. The are».-
hnan who is now his wife was engaged to me, but
Fred -Roberts cut me out. That is why I am
*3‘ Htteragainst him. Why I “want Charlie Cooper
p|1t.o\1t of the way" is another thing. I will tell
you‘ ﬁiat later on. Roberts has won considerable
money. of me, but I will get it all back before I
am’ through, and have revenge, too.’ .

“I understand,” said _Biitts. “You’re a miﬁléty
‘smgrtman, an’ there ain’t no such feller as. b-
}I"Wl.1&f”’H git ther ‘best of yer—--not in ther
mi _.j ‘. y if. .

 go right to -Yonkers’ to-night, then,

' . little diﬁerent style,‘
, . . . s S‘

aaclsltodoﬁzilhd

     
 
   
   
    
    
  
   
  
  
    
      
   
  

7

H’ ,
st./3.

  
  

  

gin

\

  

  

B FAME’ AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

-full of deceit, and I, for one, like to practice it.”

‘ .

the joy I have started to do, since I have sold
out my business in New York, and have money
on interest. The interest, Butts, is enough to
keep a man in luxury, and allow him to waste
a great deal .of money, too. You are going to get
the beneﬁt of what I have got, to a certain ex-
tent, if you continue to serve me well. My real
name is not Neville, and when I go in the so-
ciety_to which I belong I am thought to be just
the right thing in the right place. This world is

 

_“I guess you're ther real thing, boss. I'm
mighty glad I got’in with you, too.’ You’ll ﬁnd
that Bill Butts will never go back on yer. ‘ But
say, boss, I'd like ter have about twenty dollars. 4*
I got in a crap ga‘me.this mornin’ an’ .I was a '
loser.” .

."All right. Here’s the twenty. Now meet me
at the depot at seven and we’ll take a train for.
New York. You will know me by the dress-suit- , I
case and small brown satchel, which I will carry I
in my left _hand——both in the left hand, under- ‘_
stand. I will be standing near the ticket window . I
at exactly seven o’clock, so don’t forget.” a

“I’ll be there, boss.”

The two now separated.

Punctual at: seven o'clock Bill Butts walked ‘»
into the Paterson depot. , —
He looked around and saw a man standin ‘

near the ticket window who was attired in a we
worn business suit. .

In his left hand he held a dress-suitcase and
a small satchel.

But the man did not look like Neville, for he
had a blond beard of the Van Dyke style and .
wore eye-glasses. ’ ,

Butts looked at him doubtingly for a moment 2;
and then walked toward him. . ‘

The man with the eye-glasses nodded and
smiled, and then the hired villain knew he was 
right. .

“I

“Gracious!” he exclaimed in a whisper.
wouldn't have knowed yer, boss.”

“Well, I told you I was good at disguises. Now
you take this satchel and go somewhere and put
on the false beard and hat that you will find
in it. We have just ten minutes before the train
starts. We will maria e to get in the same seat. 7“
as strangers, if ossi 1e, and then everything _.
will be just right. ’

‘ “All right, boss.” -

Butts took the satchel ‘and disappeared, while ,
Neville walked out upon the platform and lighted’

a cigar. . _ e -
. A few minutes later Bill Butts came out. 

The soft hat and beard he had put on bad *
changed him wonderfully. -

He had placed the cap and other false heard
in the satchel and .now held it in his hand. »

“Did you buy your ticket for New York?”
Neville asked in a low tone, without looking at

him. .
“No, I didn’t buy ther ticket, boss; I though;
We are supposed to be

you had done it,” wasthe reply.

“Certainly not. ‘
strangers, until we get acquainted on the’traiis.f — »
. Bill Buttsturned and-walked leisurely into the
ticketoﬁce, s  ‘ ‘ ‘

 

      
     
        
     
       
        
    
  
    
     
     
 
      
     
      
      
 
 
    

 
     
  

    
  

~. '<'::o’:—»’a~.‘:‘ 

  
 

1,,

 

   

-‘.1

  

  
  

 ' ame and F oi-tune’ Weekly

FAME AND FORTUNE WF.f'~“"’ '-

   

,__‘*N}:2W YORK, DECEMBER 17, 1926

 TERMS T0 SUBSCl<lb1'.'KSvf

      
   
  
   
 
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
  
     
  
   
 

Ie Copies... ......... ..'.....Pos_tage Free 8 cents
Copy Three Hontlis....... ' " $1.00
Copy Six LlonthI.......... ' " 2.00

Nﬁe Copy Oneéa Year .......... .. " " -1.00
TO SEND MONA-:Y_—At our risk send 1‘. 0.
Registered Letter; remittances
We acce t Postage

" HOW
Honey Order. Check or
In any other way are at your risk.

pa the nine as cash. when sending slver wrap
the (loin in a It arate piece of paper to avoid cutting

_WESTBURY PUBLISHING co.. inc.
168 w. 23rd St., N. Y. c.

 .1!!!) KNIGHT. Pros. and Irene.
I. W. IAB8. Vice-Pres. and Ice-

or

lNTERESTlNG ARTICLES

_ STRANGE F_‘00D_ _ _
A popular table delicacy in China is “pidan_,
,Vhich is made by preserving fresh ducks’ eggs in
paste made from soda, straw ash, table salt,
,hﬁling water and » slaked hm_e. The pidan is
stored for a month before being used. E_xpei_-i-
‘ glients have shown that-there is as ‘much vitamin
-“Lin pidan as in fresh eggs; but vitamin B is en-

ﬁtely destroyed by the process. -

FRENCH CAFES CURB FOOD AS LAW
’ OPERATES
The oﬂcial decree in Paris that restaurants
y serve only two dishes at one.nieal. as a part
_ the French economy programme, became eﬂ"ec-
‘live recently. The proposed order received almost

a II much publicity a short time ago as did the war

7!

‘ .'l'he oﬂicial decree restricting restaurant food
uxeun ts hors d’oeuvres. 6835» ﬁsh. f°W1. desserts
Zild ruit. The new menus still carry_eleven or
.p;g]ve courses, the waiters carefully pointing out
‘that this is within the law.

CONTROLLING FIREFLIES

,A ﬁreﬂy can be made to glow steadily for
l nty-four hours, instead of ﬂashing on and 01?,
 injecting into it a tiny hypodermic dose of
E u -.i. lin. At the end of the twenty-four hours,
huever. the flies dlé, apparently exhausted by
A lgrgg amountpf energy put forth. The affect

adrenalin on ._li_ving- tissues is usuallyto cause
 contraction of the involuntary muscles
nu! ibis thought that this drug, when iniecte
‘ﬁg the ﬁreﬂ , holds rigid the set of muscles that
xuidinarily reax and contract in ﬂashing on and
the light. '

..suxi.r:r SEES LIFE PRBLONGED IN '
e r FUTURE

  

    

 

) ~ the span 01', human life will be gradually

-i the year ' the ropliec_y of
a3nliaa.Hn§1eN”th? Iiqiicfon emnent
. vlteaning of Death. ’

   
  

     
 

r ,

the enve.l‘z£e. rite your name and address plainly. _
Address ten to

«‘ after lunch she spoke to about taki in
afternoon na . He looked shyly at her ah§"&d_

lithe grade

27

qllestlonably r-..  average span of human life
even without furtiler progress in hygiene. If, as
we may conﬁdently predict, the present trend of
affairs continue, more and more men will attain
advanced age, whether naturally or by rejuvena-
tion. The death rate of infants and young people
_will continue to fall also and as a result we shall
in a few decades have a population in which the
relative numbers of young and old people will be
quite different from the present. .

“By that time, perhaps, we shall not be quite
so casual about human biology as we are today
and will not permit any one, even persons dis-
eased, to have as many children as they choose
or allow all and sundry to be rejuvenated any
more than today we permit persons to drive where
they like on the roadway or go about while ca-
pable or spreading infection.” .

Professor Huxley reaches this conclusion after
tracing what happens in the death of trees and
the lower forms of life. Of tree life he says:

“'1‘hega is nothing in_ a tree that causes its
death, erely long continued shocks and buﬁets
of the world, preventable things, one and all. By
which I mean that if one could shelter 8 tree
from stgrms; keep off its active enemies, it would
ive on.

 

LAUGHS«

Reggie-——Did you marry that summer irl you
met at Blackpool this year? Waiter—— o, I re-
membered that if I did I'd have to support her
this winter. ‘

Mrs. 0fBrien—'.l‘h say it's not polite to be
helped twice, Mr. Fla erty, but e'll take another ’
piece of my cake, won't ye? laherty—Indade
Oi will that, Mrs. O'Brien. Sliure it's the height
av trliioliteness to ate a sicond piece av such cake
as is. .

Mr. D‘ogbone—-You know that silence gives 
sent? Miss Catnip—I believe it; I know alot of
icigciiple who make a loud noise and never give a

“Why do ye look so sorrowful, Dennis?” asked
on man of another. “I just'hear-r-d wan man
cal another a liar, and.the man that was called '7 Z
a liar said the other inn would have to apologize‘.
or there would be a light.” “And why should that
malgéenyou look sad?” “The other man apolo- :-
gize . ' !,.-2

 

 

 
   
 
 

V Little Dickie «.was Visitilllgmhls grandma, and)

    
  
 

not speak. fter a short a se h '

'tioned his nap, and he said:p“%Vh; érgdﬁainyeg 

wouldn't put your company in bed, would your’.
' ' [

i do

    
      

 

 
 
 

   
   
  

Charles’ uncle was a tall man, and one
when he had Qharles out for a walk he forgotthp‘
length of a child's step, and ‘roar Charles was. i 
mm to. nun .'1‘.ercuneto.arian§

the walk andﬂhaiales

   

1;,

  
 

 

 T'HE_ BLACK MASK

During the autumn and winter of the year 1818
' the country around the ancient town of Louvain
, .was infested by a band of robbers, whose organi-
T  Zation was so perfect and movements so sudden
:5 i and mysterious, that, although they spread death
. - and desolation in. all directions, yet“ the oﬂicers
of the law failed utterly in all attempts to bring
them to justice.

The number of this. fearful league was re-
ported to be young men of good family, and the
' leader was described by common reports as a

man‘ of noble presence, joined to a mind dark
and cunning, and a heart that was a stranger to
remorse or pity. ‘

This formidable" band was known far and wide_
" as the “black masks,” for all accounts agreed in
_ describing them as clothed completely in black,

. and having their faces covered with black masks.

However, the mystery surrounding them was
* dissipated, and their devastation brought to a
termination, by the incident I am about to relate.
» There lived, at the period to which I refer,
,in the suburbs of Louvain, a worthy curate,»
« Father Gervaise by name, and with him resided
the son of an only sister some time deceased,
whose education Father Gervaise had superin-
tended, and whose manhood he watched with al-
most a father's care.
,}(}i-lowing up, therefore, under the very dome
of the church, it is not surprising that Julian d_e
Mont:-essor earl displayed feelings and senti-
inents ealculat to inspire in his uncle ardent
hopes that he would in time embrace the church
~ at a- profession, and great wa the worthy cu-
rate’: disappointment when the youth grew ‘to
manhood without expressing any determination
tmforswear forever the vanities of this wicked
world; but still determiiied not to_ inﬂuence him
the least, the good priest kept his own counsel,
satisﬁed that at all -events his nephew's -feet
ould . never forsake the ‘straight and narrow
tb.~.
“At the time of the occurence of the incident
am about to relate Julian had just entered his
eaty-ﬁrst year. _ _' ’
’ He was tall, nearly, if not quite, six feet, well-
Iotined, with a face that from a hasty glance
qonldhave been pronounced eminently handsome,
but » o n careful examination an expression
1: ve been traced that would have caused
" . an involuntary shudder to creep over the beholder.
‘jun: was also well educated, accomplished and
1 ' h a, so that his company was eagerly
,3:

more especially by those ladies having
yuarriageable daughters.
‘Only one thiigge
lJle(l_Father

in relation to his nephew
' nd prolonged_’ahsence~ at night; but
ays had ‘some plausible excuse, even
ceased after a. time to occlsion any uneasi-
- and the uncle and nephew lived in.un'dis-
 ...,h%Em,9n¥-Q“ ’
‘H " .  the e<mrrorta1>.Ie.i
£oa_nis¢’s; cnjo

  

1

    
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   

   
  

  

    
     
     
   
 
  
     

       

 
 

 
 
   

rvaise, and that was his very _

the month of Februaryib;laI<;); _
V the‘

 

   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

bed of one of his parishioners, who lived at a
considerable distance.

Without a monient’s hesitation this excellent
man set forth. - g

The wind blew ﬁercely in his teeth, and :1
dreary sleet drove in his face, but ‘still, with a
stout heart, Father Gervaise kept on his way’,
and in about an hour arrived at his destination.

He was just in time to administer the last
rites and consolations of religion to the dying,
and after remaining about half an hour he set
out on his return.

Fain would his parishioners have prevailed upon 3
him to remain until daylight, holding forth by f
way of inducement, the dread of 'an_ encounter
with the “bla_ck .masks;” but only smiling at their
fears, and bidding them farewell, he departed.

The night was far advanced and the way very
lonely, but Father Gervaise's heart was a.
stranger to fear, and he strode on bravely. ‘ . ‘

He had walked about a mile, when suddenly?‘
he was startled from his reverie by the clatter
of what seemed a troop of horses. ‘ ‘ *

Pausing, he looked around. 5

He could see ‘nothing, but still heard distinctly,
the sound, and all the time it drew nearer. -

Presently, however, coming round a turn in the
road at full gallop, a party of about a dozen men, 3
mounted on ﬂeet steeds, dashed past him, and ~
through the darkness Father Gervaise was just; 3
enabled to distinguish that each rider were over .
his face a black mask., , , _ ';

“So I have actually seen the famous and in-
famous bla_ck masks,” he thought, as he once_
more continued on his way. ' 

And he went on -contemplating how much he’ ii
should like to bring the rogues to justice.

He had not proceeded many steps further, be-
fore, on passing a house, he was astonished to‘ ~
see a light/burning, and the door wide open. 

Conjectuting at once that this had been the  T
scene of one of the midnight exploits of the-
bold‘ robbers, Father Gervaise entered, and his 

ti
‘ i

 

1

in. -V

suspicions were terribly conﬁrmed by finding.’ . 
stretched in death across the passage, an aged‘ ,_
man, whom he at once recognized as the master’ T i 
of the house. v ‘ __

Only pausing to assure himself that life was /-
extinct, the priest passed on into the main apart- ‘ ~, i
ment, from which a strong light issued, when 
what were his horror and dismay by ﬁndin the -.
wife likewise brutally murdered, her body lying
beneath a table! - ‘ T , "_ ‘

Sickened at the fearful sight, the curate was *
about to hurry out and alarm the ne’ig‘hboi-hood,
when his-attention was attracted by a strange
giirgling sound proceeding from the chimney_-
I J ace. ' , .
I Looking in the direction indicated, his presence’
of mind entirely forsook him, for there he be-.'
held hangingin sight a pair of feet, which gave .2‘
several convulsive movements, the gurgling sound.~
still continuing. ’ ‘ ,

Recovering his self-possession, Father Gervaise,

      
     
    
   
        

  
 

rushed forward, and found the female domestic
of the family suspended by thexneck, in thwart
agonies ofvdeath. by s  _ _ _: ~ ‘
To seize a=lcnit_’e thlt..iu_ckily;wa§ .9912‘,

d’ that .lwld< he 

 
  
 

' was

   
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
  
 
    
    
       
       
      
 
   
     
    
 
    
        
      
      
 
  

he was enabled to restore her to sufficient con—
'ousness to give an account of the circumstances
attending this horrid deed.
‘ ,The poor girl, ongrecognizing the good curate,
was overcome with strange grief, and hiding her
. face in her hands, wept bitterly, and for a long
lime refused to give any account of what had
transpired. At last, being earnestly entreated,
dillc, with many sobs, told how the “black masks,’
some dozen in unmber, had broken_into the house
sand murdered the master and imstress in cold

She herself had found temporary safety by
hiding behind the ﬁreboard, and fancying their
work of death accomplished, the rufﬁans proceed-
ed to ransack the house in search of gold, which
graswell known the aged couple kept secreted
hmthe building.

‘” Jiaving succeeded in their search, the returned
to the room in w ' she was_hidden, in order
divide. their booty,~.and. having seated then}-
aolves around the -table, they all removed their
ks, except the leader. v

And; the poor girl» began to relate hownthrough
crevice in the fireboard, she recognized t
«m of everyone of e’ robbers that

‘Il:!c;nt’of the listener, disclosed

ﬁoracrntiny, however, that, leaning too heavily
' the screen, it fell forward. _
robbers sprang to their feet and instantly
.-.. their masks. _
Then the leader rushed upon and seized her,
. . . half dead with fright. by the neck-
They consulted together as to the manner Of
4 ‘death. and concluded, with a savage laugh.
‘hang her by the neck in the place she had
 2 ii to secrete herself in. _ "
‘Moved by despair at hearing this dreadful
in pi-onounced,‘_ she made one. vain effort to
herself, and in so doing easily managed_ *9

the mask from the face of the chief.
‘as in a trembling voice she, repeated htlée
 of that man, the good curate. turned w 3 fl
death, and fell prostrate upon his knees, wit
“hands raised’ to heaven. , , i
The name she uttered was that of Julian (4:
‘tressor, his own much-b_eloved nephew, 37;:
minute was her description of him that) 9
d not but be ‘convinced of the truth of ier
~ ment. _ , ' t
:35‘-ather Gervaise was utterly liorriﬁelly but 3
"319 same time his sense of Justice and duty W
.3! fellow—men told. him at once what course he

: pursue; so calming himself as well as he wa-Y
- he listened to the remainder of her recitad
. u. how they executed their hideous threat; 311

. %

  

  

, than she forgot all things until restored to
0 A, by his kind attentions. _ ’
when she had concluded her narrative. the 83%“

. . placed her incharge of the nearestneig -
and then, with a heavy heart but ﬁrm P111“
set out once more f0l“l'llS _home- 1: d
ore reaching his own residence he 8Pl>1°d
i_naKor,and,declared to-‘him what he ha i

and - andreques
 he had formedto secure the
~&@w%h ’h9ﬁ

  
  

 

     

    

robbers,

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

' unfastened the cellar door, and were about to

“Here unmasked, and. to the horror and amaze- j
the names of young

« -. of ti-~. highest families before. unquestioned. '
.8o..eager did the girl become in D!‘°S9¢“t1!18 -

- tween New York and London will be built by the

ted him to assistihime ~

 

- £3

The mayor, with much prudence, employed
every measure suggested by the currate, and,
accompanied by a suﬂicient guard, followed him .
at a short distance to his dwelling.

The curate, as he anticipated, on entering his
library found his nephew apparently watching for
his return, and it was with the utmost diﬂiculty
that the good man could restrain his emotion.

. Making a powerful eifort, however, to control
his feelings. he told Julian that he_ had had a ‘
very painful visit,-and requested him to go to
the cellar and bring some wine. .

The young man, changed color at this unusual
request, and hesitated a moment; at which the
uncle offered to go himself and fetch it, and in
eﬁect rose to execute his design, when the nephew,

with great eagerness, sprang to his feet, and .

expressed himself quite ready to do as he desired.
Taking a light, he passed out of the room and
down thrstairs leading to the cellar.
_No sooner had he done so than the curate -3.;
locked and bolted the door, and then gave a signal  *

_ for the mayor and his guard to enter.

_. They did so at once, having obtainedilights,

enter, when they were set upon“ by about a dozen
men, armed with short swords, dressed all in
black, and having their faces covered with blac _

masks. " ’

The struggle, though desperate, lasted only as
few moments; the city guards were too numerous-
for the brigands, and succeeded in capturing
every robber alive. >

:The mayor ordered them to be instantly di.s- ‘
armed, bound in fetters, and conveyed to ‘a’ 
neighboring prison, which order was at once 
obeyed, and shortly thereafter they were’ all u _*:A_
condemned and executed, thus was the country  

  

rid of the “black" masks.”
 Q:-:

NEW ‘YORK-LONDON LINE OF DIRIGIBLES
’ Q LANNED

Aiﬂeet of enormous dirigibles for travel be~

. 1

 

Goodyear Rubber Company if the new airship_  I’
which the Government proposes to build to re-
place the‘.Shenandoah demonstrates that such a 
service is practicable. ‘* . 

This announcement was made by P. W. ‘Litch. ‘
ﬁeld, President of the Goodyear Company, who,
with his aeronautic engineer, W. C. Young, dis-
cussed aviation expansion with President Cool-
idge in Washington. ~

“A dirigible of 6,000,000 cubic feet should be.
able to ﬂy the Atlantic Ocean in two and one-li _. a
days or not more than three, and ‘should prove_,:
a successful commercial venture in oceanic
travel,” Mr. Litchﬁeld said. a

Mr. Litchﬁeld explained that his company was
experimenting in the production of diri iblos now 1
and would watch’ with interest the boil ng of 
Government's new airship which would have is ca... ";
pacity of about 6,000,000 cubic feet. - ‘

  

       
 

       
    

 
 

my Hoover.

, ‘about the Gdvernmontlsgp to
_ routes and r

  

T ; ’ lead poisonin

1‘ ,_,"
u

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

- CURRENT NEWS

COLD LIGHT LENS _ _

A new lens. composed of a liquid inclosed in a
container of a concave shape has the property of
absorbing heat rays and so producing a nearly
cold light that is admirably su1ted_to_the treat-
ment of tuberculosis and to the projection of mo-
tion pictures.

 

INVENTS NEW AUTO FUEL

o Kimball, 5 research worker at the Mason
. laboratory of Yale University, asserts he has in-
» vented a new high compression fuel which, as a.
gasoline substitute, has a_ill_ the advantages of
tetraethyl mixtures and eliminates the danger of

from fumes. .

Mr. Kimba said that when a recent survey re-
ported that there was only enough crude oil avail-
able to last six years at the present rate of con-

,sumption, he began searching for an automobile
fuel that would be less dependent upon natural re-
sources. He states that his mixture of an arti-
ﬁcial ﬂuid and gasoline can be produced in more
than double the world s supply of automobile file .

WHOOPING. COUGH RELIEVED .

' Can whooping cough be prevented by vaccina-
tion?’ At least, the attack can be made very ml“
by the use of a vaccine, accordin to recent re-
ports from Amsterdam, where chi dren from two
months to three years old were treated. As_ soon
as symptoms of whooping cough‘ appeared. 111.196-
tions were given under the Skill: °"° °‘.’°1'Y ‘"10

- days. Although the parox sins of coughing were
not eliminate entirely, ey were neither fre-
qnent nor violent in any of the children.

i r The preventive doses  the Vaticmey SW61‘ be‘

. . , fore any signs of whooping cough had appeared,

were not so successfu . Whether a_ real pr_e-
ventive of whooping cough can be devised is still

doubtful. .«

THE STORY OF “TRAMP”

‘ He was just a stray do when he came one

ht to the house of some 'nd people who took
him. in, Later they  to move, away but they
got: him a home with his present owners. He had
been called “Tramp,” which is not _a very good
A name for a’ dog who has a home. He is of no par-
ticular ‘breed, a little bullﬁozi 9 little 1,01‘ W917‘
 ' 15¢,‘ fct, ‘ ‘us pain og, u every-
U yﬁhwléodlovxgtiglsgs larigvgs that it isn’t the breed.
' t o coun . '

From thg very first he liked to  close by the
baby and would sit for hours beside the cradle
‘ where she slept, and when she was taken out_ for
5 ride, Tramp walked sedately beside the httle

. one morning both master and mistress went
away tddo some errands, leaving the ‘baby asleep
laite bed. the two older children playing near by,
 of course, Tramp _on guard as usual. Sud-
C C the twoolder children, both under ‘sevens
otbﬁ‘

s, ..

  
   
  
   
  
     
 
  
  
    
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
   

O’

 

9 the wholaupper door was on ﬁre.

  
  

then-’cries,eanie_runninzinto.
there justigﬁipetosoo

  

. the

and ran out of the house, _an’d_the ,


 

Tramp dragging the baby by its clothing. He
came out the back door, then he crossed the yard
and dropped the child into a snowbank. Brave
little dog, his first thought had not been for
hin_iself, but for the baby, and seeing the danger
Whlcll. threatened,_he had lost no time in bringing
her to safety. Since that day Tramp has been
considered one of the family, and the best in the
house is none too good for him.

 

GEOLOGISTS SEEK TO LEARN IF SHORE IS —
SINKING; STUDIES, THAT MAY LAST 25
YEARS, BEGIN SOON

To discover whether the Norh American Conti-
nent is really sinking at the rate of 'one or two
feet a century or whether the effect is merely due
to the “warping” of the mean sea level due to i
inequalities of the coast-line, an important series
of shoreline studies will be undertaken along the
Atlantic Coast. . . ‘

The studies willbe conducted by the Committee
on Shoreline Investigation of the Division of
Geology and Geography of the National Research
Counci .

Studies will be carried on at Jamaica Bay,‘
Eastport, Me., and St. John, N. B. Describing
rojects, Professor Johnson said:

“ o carry on this work three large tide gauges »
are now being installed in Jamaica Ba and two
in New York Harbor by oﬂicers of t e United
States Coast and Geodetic Survey. Comparisons
will be diﬂicult because the sea level fluctuates
with the restless waves, tides and winds, and
twent -ﬁve years of study may be necessary be-
fore  conclusions, vitally aﬁecting the public
interest in many phases, can be reached.

“Many of the supposed proofs of a recent and
continued subsidence 9; the Atlantic Coast of
North America can be interpreted as due to local
ﬂuctuations of high-tide level, amounting in cases
to as much as several feet.

“Proofs of subsidence, if it exists at all, must ’
be based on a comparison of mean sea level ob-‘ .
servations made at different periods- and it is
clear that the necessary evidence can .,
as reliable only as’ it be deinonstra _ that
changes in shore form do not affect the position of . V
mean sea level. At present all arguments for
ems in the relative level of land and sea
b on observed changes of mean sea level are '
open to suspicion. ~

“It is not alone the scientiﬁc investigator, ﬁn . ’
surveyor. and the geodesist who have a vital in-
terest in this question. Every owner of property
bordering the sea has an actual or potential in» 
terest of no mean importance. -5

“Where waves are at ' the coast the value 
of propertg may in considera le measure be de- j
tei-mined I the probable future rate of coast ; ' ‘
erosion an the consequent nature and e - 
of the protective engineering works retained to ' 
check the inroads of the sea. ’ _ : S

“Even the title to ownership of property may

laai-4

      

hinge in part on rates of erosion in the past, 81;:
has been demonstrated in recent cases in 

 
  

   
  

 

  

     
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
     
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

EARNS $10,000 A YEAR, BUT WANTS
ALIMONY ,

.—Decision to refuse alimony to Mrs. Adeline
De Vorak of Cleveland, Ohio. was arrived at with-
‘_out hesitation by Common Pleas Judge‘ McMahon
‘then he learned the wife was earning $10,000 a
war, while l-er spouse could show only $700
proﬁts for the year thus far.
.. 'Mrs. De Vorak told the judge she conducts a
‘beauty shop and that her year’s receipts were

$5 $15,000, of’ which $110,000 represented
. p _

‘ BUTTERFLIES SOAR 20 POINTS AS BERLIN
* , BUG BOURSE OPENS
Butterﬂies general rose 20 points on the Ber-
lin Insect Bourse, which opened for the ﬁrst
‘ e a few days ago. A number of speculators
ere caught short on luna moths and were forced
to take heavy ‘losses when called.
, Dealings in futures were strong and steady,
, ially in’ cocoons of African month-end nits
ca tropical beetles, of which large lots were of-
fared. June-bugs common were slow, and fell
four points during the day. >
One of the handicaps in the business was the
‘failure of the exchange board to provide proper
facilities for displaying the stocks offered, and
A v . er was the lack of classiﬁcation, but the
c. is expressed that these would be overcome.
,The highest price paid was $30 for a well-
ﬂaolmted pair of rare Brazilian butterﬂies.

 

 

-Q4. THE DYNAMOMETER

‘ This device now takes the place at fairs and

 _t by which the ulling strength of horses,
or exhibitions of e heavily loaded stone boat

‘which the_ pulling strength of horses,“ mules,

' ‘- pulling capacity of ‘the draught animals

s it is said “whips and cussingsl’ are elimi-

, and thedegree-of co-operation.
-‘driver and his tea'm disclosed.
~ of the dynamometer, we are told,
0 gathering of ‘data on the relation between
~ and funaion in draught horses. _This data
‘give, breeders of draught_ horses invaluable
u tion in conducting‘ their breeding opera-

    
  
 
   
   
   
    
     
  
 
   

riority of a deﬁnite type and breed
for long and arduous draught work.

 
  

FOLD MADE UP
‘IRINCESS; PEOPLE TOOKIIIM FOR
‘ BUTLER OR PANTRYMAN

  

 
  
  
 

    

The wooing arid winning

  
  
 
 

   
 
  

   
    

theheart of the Princess, whom he will mar-
without the outside world knowing any-
shh gplans. * Be . accomplished this feat
aide! a no ,

  

t,’l”,1nll£_e-El‘ ; _ X ,
-.fm  mes: as mine

— FAMB L AND PORTUNE WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED S

- oxen has been so often tested. It is so coii--
~- - that it measures scientiﬁcally the_ sus-g

—» to it. According to‘the conditions of the

b‘etweeii" ‘
The chief .
lies in

and, in time, _'ll -conclusively-demonstrate‘
. twenty-four hours it swings so low that it seems

AS SERVANT TO WIN: °"°‘“"“ at this time °‘ Ye“ "° must look, low-

of Princess Astrid,’

' "of the Kin of Sweden, the Belgian
"Prince re like a chapter tom the pages A
» fairy story.‘ Prince Leopold

 K313».
tﬁ:.3.I;,

     

310

 

mer have just come to light. Each time the
Prince came he traveled third-class on the rail-
Way- He dressed so as not to_ attract attention.
From the statioi..he carried his own handbag to
the royal house, where he was always welcomed
as a dguﬁst. Even the sly, gossipy villagers as-
sume t at the modest young _man was merely a
butler or a pantryman traveling back and forth

‘between the chateau and the capital.

By this t ' t ' ‘to 1:}; '

Belgians 8.Sn§lcthl:c¥’gI'-?I)lCeSS ewfiaurfemfblgntg oS§)etl}!‘§
many days together in the countryside of South-
ern Sweden,.and there were no whisper-ings of
the likelihood of the royal engagement in either
Stockholm or Brussels until ,the young couple
tﬁefriselves were prepared to “let the cat out of
t e ag."

Th IN THE HEAVENS
I; only heavenly body wh' 1; ‘
practically ﬁxed_in its p0$itidici igpgzldﬁisfotllg
Earth Star. It is not an especially bright star,
_“t ‘> 935? to locate because it is the last star
in the handle of the Little Dipper, and also be-
cause the two stars forming one side of the Big
Dipper _point directly toward it.

olaris is oiﬂy 11-2 degrees from the true
celestial pole (the imaginary spa’. in the heavens ’ '
which the earth's axis, if it were continued out- 
sitdlethe earth, would_hit). Therefore, whileall the ’
0 er heavenly bodies make a complete circle

' around the heavens once in approximately twen-

ty"-four ho’ P l ' k ' '
that it applgiiis goalifesmgig eS:ll?.uc}lfawtelnzre‘1:-xercgi

‘ the North Pole, Polaris would be directly over-

head and the other stars would appear to swing
around the. horizon once every twenty-four hours,
"elthef ¥"5"‘8 P01‘ 59317183 AS a matter of fact,
Polaris tis nhiovuig through space at ninety miles .
flgm"‘€;ifés i‘lt;‘y2irZ°¢§‘§e§.l.“‘ ,‘’°u‘3‘ “ ‘"9
not notice it. ~us ' at we do-
The Little Dipper, th L't-ti ' ‘
Minor) swings aroundoin aecirdle gpﬁﬁinlgterslg
every twenty-four hours, with the orth st”-
as a_ ivot. At this time of year this constella-
tion ips directly down to the horizon in the eve-
nings and still farther below it travels the Big
Dipper, or Big Bear. This is a. more briuiwg
constellation than the Little Dipper and in its ‘
circular journey around the North’ Star every’

 

to almost graze the earth. To see it during the?
dog? ttlpwafd the north horizon. ‘
. _ e p anets at this time f M 
Jupiter hold the stage. Marsorislfsalin ttlires :2:

early in the evening, and as the darkness in,
creases it can be Jean clearly on its ‘westward’;
path through the heavens during the night. Liked‘
all_the planets it follows very closely me tuck
which the sun makes through the sky in‘thg.d§'
time, The reason wegcannot see‘ ve!1ug;~gnd:@
Mercury well ust now is that they are -,. 0
too close 1; esun,‘ J3 iﬁgf’ ’
lawns .;biehind?stil1~ r

    
  
    
  

 
    
 
 
 

  

  

 

OUR TEN-CENT HAND sooxs 1

Useful, instructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable information on Almost
Every Subject.‘

Ho. 1. NAPOLEON? OBACULIIM AND DREAM
BOOK.--Containing the great oracle of human destiny.
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams
together with charms. ceremonies and curious games of
cards.

No. 2. now TO DO 'l'RlCKs.—'i‘he great book of
ms c and card tricks. containing full instructions on
all eading card tricks of the day. also the most popular
magical illusions as performed by our leading magi-
cians: every boy should obtain a copy of this book.

No. 3. HOW TO Y'L!BT.—The _arts and wiles of
ﬂirtation are fully explained by this little book. Be-
sides the various methods of handkerchief. fan. glove.
parasol. window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list
of the language and sentiment of ﬂowers. .

No 8. HOW TO 33093.‘! A SCIENTl8T.—A useful
and instructive book,.giving _a complete treatise ‘on
chemistry: also experiments _iu acoustics. mechanics.
mathematics, chemistry. and directions for making lire-
works. colored fires. and gas balloons.

No. 0. now to BECOME A_vsNrniLooui_s'r.—By
Barry Kennedy. Every intelligent hoy reading this
lrook of instructions can master the art. and create any
amount of fun for himself and friends.

, No. 10. HQW T0 B0x.——The art of self-defense made
easy. Containiugpver thirty illustrations of guards,
blows. and the diiferent positions of a good boxer.
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and in-
structive books. as it will teach you how to box without
an instructor. ,

NO. 11. HOW TO WRITE LOVE-LE'l"l'l_'.'RS.—A most
com lete little book. containing full directions for writ-
in ove-letters. and when to use them, giving specimen

era for young and .

No. is. now 1-0 no it; 03. noon or ET].
0Ul‘r!'l:.—1t is a great life secret. and one that every
young uiitsn desires to know all about. There's happi-
ness in

No. 15. HOW To Blcoxl RICH.-This wonderful
book presents you with the example and life experience
of some of the most noted and wealthy men in‘ the
world. For_those who aspire to fame and fortune. this
book will give you the secret. .

Ho. 10. HOW to K!!!’ A WINDOW GARDEN...
containing full instructions for constructing a window
' . either in town or country. and» the most ap-

proved methods for raising beautiful flowers at home.

He. 1'1. ROW 10 DBls8.—Containing full instruc-

tlon in the art of dressing and ap ring well at home

.. and abroad. giving the selections 0 colors. material, and
how to have them made up:

~ No. 18. HOW to nacoiu: 1nIAU'l'l1'UL.—One of

. . A the brightest and most valuable little books ever given
to the world. Everybody wishes to know how to become
beautiful. both male and female.

' X0. 29. HOW TO BECOIIE AN INVEN1‘0B.—Every-
‘ body should know how_inventions originated. This boo
' .sxplains them all. giving examples in electricity, hy
ziraulics. magnetism. optics. pneumatics. mechanics, etc.
_ No. 3. HOW to c00lL—0ne of the mostjnstruetive
> books on cooking ever published. It contains recipes
for cooking meats. tish. same. and oysters: also pcs,
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pastry. and a grand
sollection of recipes. .
. ls. 3'1. HOW 1'0 KEEP H0!7sE.—lt contains infor-
mation. for everybody. boys. girls. men and women; it.
wlllateach on how to make almost anything around
‘he house. uch as parlor ornaments. brackets. cements.
aeolian harps. and bird lime for catching birds.

Ila. 88. HOW TO uscoxn YOUR OWN noc'ron._
,g, derful book. containing useful and practical infor-
an on in the treatment of ordi dise_sses_a_nd ail-
ments common to every family. A minding in useful
‘ uid effective recipes for general complaints. -

.30. C. HOW TO KARI AND SIT ‘.l‘BAl‘S.—Includ-
.‘ pg hints on how to catch moles. weasels. otters. rats.

is and birds. Also how to cure skins: Copiously

trated.
‘No. II. ‘III’ IOYS 01' NEW YORK IND HIPS
n00lL—Containing a great variety of the latest

' used by the most famous end nien. No amateur
. A is coinnlste without this wonderful little book.
"solo by all  or
*0 CI B00133‘ P500:
' in Iona; or stain.

 
  
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
    
 
    
    
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
    
         
 
 
   
 

  
 

    
    
     

   
        
   
  
 

   
 
  
 
 

    
 

Irossat teal!
.psrav¥
by "

  

  

  

 \e_'. .  mi

Fame and Fortune Weekly

:- LATEST ISSUES ——
1001 Dinclk Hadley’! Mine: or. The Boy Gold Diggers ﬂ

ex .
1062 A B0 stock Broker: or. From Errand Boy to ‘
Mill onaire.

 

1063 Facing the World: or. A Poor Boy's Fight for 5"",
“H9.
1064 A Tip Worth a Million: or. How a Boy Worhal ._,g

It In Wall Street.
1065 Billy.‘ tlhe dcabin Boy: or. The Treasure of Skeleton
S

1066 Just Hi? Iluckz or, Climbing the Ladder of Pains
and ortune.

1067 Out With His Own Circus: or. The uccess of a
Young Barnum.

1068 Playing: 1-t‘or Money: or. The Boy Trader of Wall
. i-ee .

1069 The Roy Copper Miner; or. Ted Brown's Rise to

1070 Tips Oil’ 575 Tape: or. The Boy Who startled Wall

ee .
1071 Striking It Rich: or. From O_ﬂlce Boy To Her-

chant Prince _
1072 Lucky in Wall Street: or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers. v

1073 In a Class by Himself: or. The Plneky Boy who
Got to the Top. ,
.1074 Bulling the Mai-ke: or. The Messenger Who Worked

a Corner. ,
1075 After the Big Blue Stone: or. The Treasure of G0 7

g .
1076 Little “fay Perkins. the Broker; or. Shearing th
I Street “Lambs."
1077 The Young Coal Baron: or. Five Years With The

. ners.
1078 Coiniéitg Money: or. The Boy Plunger of Wan
. r

ee .
1079 Among the Tusk Hunters: or. The Boy Who Found
a Diamond Mine. .
1080 A Game Boy: or.’ From the Slums to Wall Street.
1081 A Wait’: Legacy: or. How It Made a Poor Boy

Bi Pi
1082 Fightincg the Monev Kings; or. The Little specs-
or of Wall Street.
1(B3 A ln?!(;¥1eWI:Il‘tg1  or. The Young salesman Who}
108-1 Ted._the Broker's Son: or. Starting Out For Him.

is .
1085 Dick Darrell's Nﬁrve: or, From Engine-House to

Manager's 0 re.
.1086 Under‘ “A"o1I.uicnk Eltlagirgg-t,’ The Boy.Who Made a

1087 J8Ck'€vFfll5t\l1le; or. The ‘strangest Legacy in the
r

o .
1088 Taking Chances: or. Pla i g Fo Bi Si k .
108) Lost in the Tropics: or.y'i‘lhe Til-easugre o‘f ‘Tunis

.-

>-

K . . V .
1W0 Ten Silent Brokers: or. The Boy Who Broke the -' '4

Street Syndicate.

. l
1001-Onlyﬂa Fslcfrtory Boy: or. Winning a Name lot "~
e

1092 Fox &l3:.V. lirokers: or. The Young Money Makers
f Street

W ll .
1133 The (Little. Wizard: or. The Success of a Young
Inventor.
1094 A Young Mechanic: or. Rising to Fame and For-

. p_ -
1096 Banke‘i1-l‘1Barry's Boy: or. Gathering the Dollars la 
Wall Street ’

1096 In the Land of Gold: or. The Young Castaways
of the Mystic Isle.

1097 Eastman it Co. Stocks and Bonds: or. The Twin
Boy Brokers of Wall Street.

1w8 After the Golden Eagles; or. A Lucky Young Wall
Street Broker. -

1099 A Lucky Lad; or. The Boy Who Made a Railroad ‘t L

P .

1100 Too (#3510 to Last: or. Six Months In the Wall‘
Street Money Market. '

1101 Dick. The Boy Lawyer: or. Winning a ‘Big Fee.

.4 ‘
1102 Broker Dexter's New Boy: or. A Young Innocent}
The Poor Boy Who no-; 

In Wall Street.
1103 From Mill to Millions; or.
came a Steel hlagnate. _
1104 Three tsiamgisxzecnlators; or, The Wall Street Boys‘
_ yn ca e.
1105 A stroke of Luck; or. The Boy Who Made lfolcy.-f_

ll .
1106 Littic-Karel; i'Il“h‘ev Fﬁ0sYtrg.'e1E.lCei’; or, Picking 
torsolobyallaswsdealors. oi-wiilboa¢t'Ia"
addnssuroeoipaofprlcqlepossnr-bmausg_"

'WES'.l‘IBURY 00.. II!-

iIms,t'saa
. . my

rususnmo

  
 

  

,.

 

 

 

 
 
    
   
   
   
      
  

    