BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No 974 ’ MAY 30, 1924 _ Price8Cents

 STORE    w o
Buvs THATMAKE: MONEY.

WE lLzéHD)ELi1 [BF [FmmEa  

IJR,FRUM UFFIEE BUY 10 3ENATuR.¢4=y¢W/mg/¢ygh

  

    

 

. A/vo Omsk 570;?/55‘ » T

V-
Y:

x
\
v

white with fury. struck the b a. heavy blow in the face. knocking mm down. and at-
texnpted 1. duh for the door. 8 ton. however. recovered hlmse in time to grasp
the rzscol around the waist. and 1 desperate strugg rsued.

   Are You A Radio Fan?

FAME AND FORTUNE

$4.00 per year: Canada. $4.50; Foreign. 3500- Hurry E-
lutered u .
the Poet-Omee at New York. N. I. under the get of March

NEW YORK, MAY 30,

[Ian I -8 bscrl tl rl .
°" "°°" iv..‘.‘ an §u‘.’.'é.."n§3. me x. 1.

No. 974

THE LADDER OF i=AME;».;~

OR, FROM OFFICE BOY TO SENATOR

Read Page.

   
 

latter. October

Becon‘-Class
8. 1879.

1924

By A SELF-MADE MZN

 

' CHAPTER I.—George Stanton Takes Mr. Deering
to Coﬂln Island.

' .“It's an awful night to go upon the water,‘

George," said Mrs. Stanton, as she glanced at
the windows, the_loose sashes of which were beat-
,”-ing a tattoo against the frame.
“I know it is a bad night, mother," replied her
stalwart, good-looking son, whose age _was prob-
,ably_ seventeen; “but I've been aﬂoat in many a
w one. -
,7’ °‘¥‘sIeour poor father lost his life in just such a
blow while going down the harbor to his vessels,"
laid the little widow, wiping a tear from her
i» eye; “and he was more at home on the water
Shun you."
, “Don't be afraid. Nothing will happen to me.
I - -I know the bay like a book, and the Gull is a
'~ . btiﬂ. weatherly boat.” ‘
- Mrs. Stgidton shook
not convin .

“But we need the money, mother," went on her
son. “We need it very badly. The gentleman
has offered me ten dollars to carige himboverhto
the island and back again. m_em er _ is
'-‘V ‘brother is dying and may not live until morning.

There seems to be no other Way for him t0
" reach the island except I take him in in)’ Mat-
He told me that he hasn't seen his brother since
boys together, and that was a long
In fact, he hadn't heard from him in
~ years. His brother is the black sheep of
v;' ‘the amily, who ran away to see. For some years
 '.he’s been keeper of the Coﬁln Island Light, but he
' with his family until ‘he

 

 

  
  
 
 

‘was taken ill, .
‘pore than a da or two, he had a dispatch sent
_ “to his only brot er, the gentleman who is in the
'_ ' room below, asking him to come _at once
. Ate. the lighthouse on Coﬁin Island if he wished to
Ice him before he died. The gentleman aI'1'IV_ed
e in in the village half an hour ago and in-
ﬂred fix an experienced boatman to take him
over to the island. Mr. Bates sent him to ma
 ~I_i_at's about the whole story." _
 .'.‘Well, my son, I suppose under these ex9eDtl°n-
‘H circumstances, I must let you go." said Mrs.

‘ .‘ v 



 

h  with another fearful look at the shak-
~ ;wiIdo'wI. “But you will be very csrefu
VDIW you - Remember

V

 
 

her head as if she was

“Don't be so foolish, mother," remonstrated the
boy. ‘‘It is not likely we will return to-night.
The gale will have probably blown itself out by
morning, and then when you see the sun shining
on the glistening waters you will laugh at your
present fea‘rs. Just think what a windfall ten
dollars will be to us!’

“Be sure and dress yourself warm before you
go, George.” ’

“Yes, mother,” and the robust, bronzed—featured
lad hurried downstairs to tell his caller that his
mother had consented to his daring the dangers
of Boston Bay in order to land him on Coﬁn
Island that night.

“Will it be long before you start?" asked the
gentleman.

“No. sir, I will be ready to go in a very few
minutes," said George Stanton.

“I am glad to -hear it," replied the visitor, who
was a ﬁne-looking man of about forty-ﬁve, and
who said his name was Howard Deering.

Leaving the stranger once more alone in the
cozy little sitting-room of the humble cottage
owned and occupied by Mrs. Stanton and her son,
George hastened to his room to put on his sea
rig, and after a very short interval returned to
the room. after kissing his mother good-by, with
an oilcloth coat under his arm and a ﬁsherman’s
hat in his hand.

“All ready, sir,” he said. -

Mr. Deering rose from the rocker and followed
the sturdy boy out into the inclement night.

The cottage was on the outskirts of Shoreham
Village, a thriving little place situated upon one
of the arms of the sea connected with Boston Bay.
The waters of the bay laved the shore within a
hundred feet of the back gate, and there, moored
securely to a small landing stage, lay the stout
catbozit Gull.

During the summer George, besides taking care
of the ground about the house, contrived to earn
a few dollars doing odd jobs about the vi]
and by taking the summer boarders in that -
ity, whose tastes inclined in that direction, out
sailing or ﬁshing in the Gull. As heand Mr. Deer-
ing walked down to the landing-stage‘ they both

resliredthstitwssanswfulnichttogonpon

I shall not sleep a wink,_.._the water; but the boy had weathered some heavy ._ 1
'. _,  _ gale: onthebsyliefore,sud_hswassatisﬁodho_, 

     
  

  

 

 

2‘ _l THE LADDER or FAME

could keep the Gull right side up in anything
save .perhaps an out-and-out hurricane. Mr.
Deering, with a pardonable nervousness, ques-
tioned the young skipper of the Gull in regard
to the boat in which they were to venture upon
the stormy bay and the dangers they would en-
counter on their trip to_ Coﬂin Islagid. _
George’s replies were so satisfactory that the

gentleman felt his courage rise to the occasion.

though he would not have undertaken the
watery passage but for the serious errand he was
engaged upon. Mr. Deering showed that he was
not much used to boats and salt water_ by the
gin erly way he essayed to step into the cock-pit
of t e sailboat as she rose and then fell away
under the action of the heaving waves. George
saw that he was likely to lose his balance if he
stepped down at the wrong moment, so he took
him by the arm and assisted him in.

“Thank you, my lad. I'm rather a novice at
this business,” said Mr. Deering with a smile.

The young skipper pulled aside the sliding
door to the cuddy and invited his passenger to
enter and thus protect himself from the cold wind
and dashin spray. Mr. Deering thought the young
sk_ipper’s a vice good, and he retired out of sight.
George, enveloped in his oilskin, with his sou’-
wester pulled well down over his eyes, sat on the
weather side of the tiller peering forward into
the night." The boat breasted_ the big waves like
a mass of solid oak, and, though the spray dashed
furiously over her as she leaped over the angry
billows, George‘ Stanton felt as safe in her as
he’ would in the kitchen of his mother’s cottage.

The wind was cast and the sky was overcast,
which made the night exceedingly gloomy and
dark. On ﬂew the Gull till the receding of a
curving point of land, which sognewhat sheltered
Shoreham village from the full sweep of the At-

‘lantic winds, opened up the bright glow of the
Coffin Island light——;a stationary white light. The

A young skipper headed‘ directly for it. As the
minutes ﬂew by, if there was any change in the
weather it was for the worse.

“This is a tough night," the boy muttered to
himself, “a good bit worse than I had calculated
on. I guess it’s worth all of $20 to go off to

. Comn Island on such a night. Still, if the mast
holds, and I don’t see why it shouldn’t, we’ll get
there all right."

' Through it all the stanch little boat pushed her’

nose seaward, «gradually nearing their destina-
tion. The island loomed larger and larger ahead,
and the bright gleaming shaft of light grew big-
ger and brighter through the steaming atmos-
phere. At last the boat was sheltered from the
ﬁerceness of the_ blast under a bluff, and soon
afterward came into the comparatively still
water of a little cove, where a small wharf, the
only landin place on the island, projected to the
. west. By e exercise of the same good judgment

« ‘which had enabled him to bring the little craft

— in safety through the darkness and storm to her
‘ destination, George Stanton laid the Gull along-

gide the wharf and secured her. -
. Lilli-. Deering had come-to the entrace of the
aeuddy as,s9o'n as he was sensible of. the easier

I

’*"*nji_o§aI of the  and was therefore alljeady

n.-

E

r,.

   

“Now, sir, you may come out, and I'll help you '
on the wharf,” said the boy.

His passanger eagerly obeyed his summons.

“You have done well, my boy,” he said, grasp- .-
ing George’s hand. “I doubt if any boatinan . .-
alive could have done better. I am very grate-
ful to you.” _ '

Then they stepped up on the wharf and started
for the gray walls of the lighthouse, which rose
through the driving rain a fewyards distant..

 

CHAPTER II.—-The Red Pocketbook.

As Mr. Deering walked up to the door to knock, -
George Stanton glanced in through one of the V
windows on the ground ﬂoor. He saw a young, «.3
ill-favored looking man standing by a stove with
a red pocketbook in his hand, the contents of
which he seemed to be investigating with eager
attention. Just then Mr. Deering knocked loudly. ‘
George saw the man inside give a violent start 4'

P‘
J

‘ ’.- 1114 i.L.o.-'..‘ i.

and conceal the wallet in the breast of his shirt
while he turned a startled look at the door 
George Stanton, whose attention was fascinatetf. ‘
bv the curious suspicious movement of the man in-
side, saw him stoop suddenly and thrust the red ‘
pocketbook under an empty keg which stood - 
against the circular wall and then come for- 
ward to the door. He reached it just as Mr. T
Deering knocked for the third time, somewhat iin-g 
patiently. Theman opened the door a few
inches. ‘ ,3
_ “Who's there, and what do you want on the 
island at this hour?” he asked in ii surly tone. 7.
“I am Rodney Deering’s brother Howard, and ' 3
I have come from Boston in answer to a teln-
graphic message that he was ill unto death'and
wanted to see me," replied Mr. Deering. - .1 r
The man, apparently the assistant lightkcéper,‘ \
opened the door grudgingly and permitted the ,
visitor, with George at his heels, to'enter the - :
lighthouse. /

“Is my brother still alive?” Mr. Deering asked "
eagerly. , ' _ _
The man nodded. '

“Thank heaven for that,” said the gentleman. _ ‘
fervently. ., _ V v
_ “He is asleep at present,” the man said, watch-
ing his visitors with a shifty eye. which the ob-  ‘1
gerving young skipper of the Gull did’ not much} _”.

ancy. ‘=

“Are you the assistant keeper?"

 

 

 

  

. V‘!

 

 

. “I am.” ,
"Y_our name is——-—” X 3 7.-
“Jim Redmond." ‘ '\"'~J

“Redmond!” exclaimed Mr. Deering. “I have’a‘f .4. '
clerk in my employ named Redinond——Philip  
mond. Is he——" ’ .._
“He is my brother,",i-eplied the assistant 
er, without manifesting any particular interut. -‘*3
in the matter. »  .;
“Ah, indeed. I was not aware he had a b i , -_ S:
He never mentioned that fact to me. I am - 
to know you, sir. I will ‘go upstairs, if you iﬂ‘ , 4
pilot the way.’ .. “ g __ Q
Jim Redmond hesitated a moment. .
‘Redmond. however, saw that he 
refuse Qxshow the  ’;
luetantly led the waygnn-the  ’

 

    
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
    
 
  
  
    
 
   
  
   
    
   
 
 

way which communicated with the upper regions
‘ at the lighthouse. Geor e would hear the -f_oot-
steps of the two men on t e ﬂoor above, and then’
A there‘ was silence. Some strange fascination drew
‘ the boy nearer to the keg which hid the wallet.
"I have no right to bevso interested in this mat-
» ter,” he exclaimed impatiently. “Probably there
is nothing in it. Only a freakwof my imagination.
And yet ”
His eyes sou lit the ﬂoor around the keg. A
tiny rim of ref projected from under it, show-
‘ing that in his haste Redmond had not wholly hid-
den the pocketbook. No one, however, would have
noticed this unless, like the lad, he had seen
-«what had occurred at the moment after Howard
Deering knocked on the lighthouse door. Stanton
thrust hisihands into his pocket and started to
walk to the window to look out into the night;
he hesitated and looked at the keg once

re.
“I can't stand this,” he breathed at last. “I
must have a look at that wallet.”

, With the alertness of a person who was afraid
of being caught inda mtelan kact, G301‘-lge knelt
-«down, lifted the en of e * eg an rew, out
‘ "the pocketbook.‘ The ﬁrst thing he noticed was
, v ﬁre name “Rodney Deering” stamped in gilt let-
‘ tars across the ﬁap.
~ _ “It is the sick man's pocketbook, after all,”..he
»- whispered. “Jim Redmond seems to be a thief.”
. George undid the ﬂap and looked into the book.
 It contained a number of bills——proKably $100 in
" Ill-—and several papers. '11‘h§ boy looked
throu‘ gh each compartment unti e came to the
_ Here he saw a piece of parchment, yellow
with age. It had such a curious look that George
w it out to examine it. At that moment he
hard the heavy boots of Redmond on the iron
Itairs coming down.
: ‘It was too late then to replace the time-worn
‘document, so he snatched it from the plank and
{thrust   hishpolcket jtfisth as Rfdmongri lgzlad
 ow e eve o e cei mg. e er
‘the lightkeeper’s assistant had seen the action or
"I01: Stanton could not say, but he certainly re-
..garded the lad with a good deal ‘of suspicion
iﬁilen he stepped into the room. He made no
aiakig, however‘, but went oxéer and sat down on
, which‘ e regarded or a moment atten-
 ttlrlia see if“ had ‘seen 5!|:t:e(%;edPﬁSSlbl}i sat;
 tit not ni r ,etooou
’ BI; pipe and a package of smoking tobacco and
Ijtrted to ﬁll his pipe. ’ A
“It's a rough night," he growled out at last,
ﬁeling called on to say something. ,
‘Yes,’ answered the young boatman,“ one of
‘Illa roughest I’ve ever been out in."
“‘'Are you a boatman?”

, 7'1 might'be considered as such, and I might
int. I own a cathoat, in which I often take peo-
~’“ ~ out sailing and ﬁshing on the bay. I wouldn't
- ventured here on such a night as this only
_  Deering was afraid his brother might
_ morning, and he‘ was yery anxious to

ml‘-mornin’,” ‘replied Jim Bed-V
ﬁk%mutmmemmW..
& &‘l|¥o|\ 11%:

‘THE LADDER» OF FAME * 3

“I dunno,”,answered the man meditatively. “It
will probably be a good thing for his little girl.”

“His little girl!" ejaculated George, in a tone
of some surprise.

“Yes,” nodded Redmond. “He has a daughter
about fourteen years old. His brother, who is
well oﬂ’, I understand--a Boston merchant—will
look after her, I uess.”

“Where is she?” asked the boy, interestedly.

Redmond jerked his thumb upward as if to
inti}ilriate that she was upstairs with her dying
fat er.

“Her mother ” began George.

“Dead these ten years," replied Redmond, blow-
inv out a cloud of smoke. -

_ lﬂgxv’ long has Rodney Deering been on this
is an .’ .

h “EDI: years; Three as assistant and three as
ea eeper.

“What is the nature of his illness?”

“A kind of nick consumption. Caught a bad
cold four mont s ago, and it's fetched him."

Judging fgrom the speaker’s manner, he did
not seem to be particularly distressed by his
comrade’s misfortune. .
was heard the soul-stirring cry of a man above;
a moment of silence and then a poignant girlish
wail ﬂoated down to them.

“What was that?" asked the boy, almost know-_

ing what the answer would be.
“That!” replied Redmond, recovering himself.
“That was Flossie's voice. He's gone, I reckon.”

cnnprniz III.--“I'll Have Your Life!”

Jim Redmond was right. Rodney Deering was
dead after a largely misspent life. Not that he
had been a bad man; no, only headstrong and
impatient of restraint. He had left home when
quite young, after ‘a quarrel with his father, and
from that day until the hour he telegraphed his
condition to his brother ‘Howard at Boston no
word had ever been received from him. For
some years he was regarded as having passed
out of this life; but this impression was not cor-
rect. Just why he had refused to divulge his
whereabouts to his family even after he got his
position on Coﬁn Island, in Boston Bay, was a
puzzle he did not explain up to themoment his
breath failed him forever. He seemed to be glad
to see his brother when Howard Deering’s coming
awoke‘ him from his last sleep on earth. What
he had to say, however, during those few precious
moments yet remaining to him, had reference en-
tirely to his daughter Flossie, who knelt in
tearful sorrow by his cot, watching the sable
pinions _of the Angel of Death close in about her
only living parent. The one soft spot in Rodney
Deenngs heart_was ﬁlled with his only child.
In _all _probability he would have died with-
out giving a sign at his existence to his family
but for her. The certainty of his death brought

the T0510!!! of her-_future before  no he sent ‘ »

  
    

 
 

for 's brother Howard. _And Howard in answer
ghia peaiummiaed.tocarerorthe~a'ri
‘I h not abandon,» whispered  '

At that instant there.

   

  

V and the gale seemed to be breaking up.

' _. ing his pipe, his

 

L an eager whisper.

4 ' ' THE LADDER OF FAME

penniless. You will ﬁnd in my red pocketbook-I
have it here,” and he tore open his shirt and
searched with a feverish eagerness for the wallet
that Jim Redmond had stolen from him while
he was asleep and Flossie’s attention was di-

V verted.

He could not ﬁnd it, and his excitement grew
intense. Every ﬁber of his attenuated frame trem-
bled. Howard tried to calm him, but he might
as well have tried to still the storm that tore
around the lighthouse. or

“Where is it 1”’ he almost shrieked. “Where is
it——Flossie’s treasure? My heavens! I have
been robbed, and b ”

’ Before he could frame the name of the thief a
racking cough seized upon him.‘ He struggled
like a madman with ‘it. Then a gush of blood
started from his lips, he waved his hands wildly
in the air, gasped and fell back—dead. Flossie,
with a heartrending cry of grief, threw herself
upon her father’s lady and sobbed as if her little
heart would break. Howard closed his brother’s
glazing eyes, and then tried to comfort the orphan
girl, who thenceforth was to live with him. But
what words can alleviate such a sorrow as hers
J at its acute stage? It must take its course,’and
so until the gray dawn lighted up the eastern
sky Flossie was unconsolable. Thenexhausted
nature came to her relief and she closed her eyes
in sleep. Soon after George Stanton became
aware that Rodney Deering was really dead he
began to feel tired and sleepy. He went to the
window and looked out. The rain had stopped

“Mr. Deering won’t want to return before
morning," he thought. "I may as well go down
to the boat and turn in for the rest of the night.”

So he told Jim Redmond to tell Howard Deer-
ing that he could be found on board his sailboat
at the wharf. The assistant keeper nodded and

‘ seemed to be relieved. at the idea of the boy leav-
ing the lighthouse.  George put on his son'-
wester, took his oilskins under his arm and left
the place. Curiosity, however, induced him to

through the window when he got on the
outside. Jim Redmond still sat on the keg smok-
eyes glued on the door. At
tilted the keg and took up the
red pocketbook. He looked cautiously all about
the room before he opened it. Eagerly he exam-
ined each of the compartments until he came to
the last, which he found to be empty. He stared
at it in a dumfounded kind of way for several
moments. then he threw the wallet on the ﬂoor
with an angry oath and sprang to his feet. Stan-
ton waited to see no more. _ _ -
“It must be_the bit of parchment I have in my
pocket, that he is after,” he said to himself, in

“What earthly use can he
have for an old time-stained bit of paper? I
mustexamine it at the earliest chance and see if

’ I can ﬁnd in it the key to his anxiety to possess
it. At any rate, _I am glad I have it, for if it has

length he got up,

 any value it is—now Flossie Deering’s right to
»‘ beneﬁt by it.” , .-

‘~He ﬂirust his hand’ into his pocket, where he
“d-R;it.it, and drew it forth. , -
‘*1 A it"i_or safety in my wallet.”



  

 

     
  

 
  

book, removed the rubber band and placed the bit ’ 
of parchment inside. ‘

“I’ll look at it in the morning,” he said, as he i
started to return the wallet to his pocket. _ .

His hand struck on his hip and the pocketbook 1
ﬂew downward and disappeared in a crevice in 1
the rocks. . =

“What shall I do now?” he asked himself, not ‘
a little dismayed. “It would be ﬁerce if I should
not be able to recover my pocketbook with that
parchment. Who knows but it might represent 8
fortune for Rodney Deering’s daughter. I must
mark the spot somehow and come back here after
it in the morning."

He gathered a heap of stones together and a
made a little mound. Then he took accurate
bearing of the spot and stepped on the wharf,
which was close’ at hand, to go to his boat. An
hour afterward a man slouched past that little
mound of stones, and stalking stealthily across
the wharf stepped on board the Gull. This man
was Jim Redmond. Putting his ear to the cuddy
entrance, which was partially open, he listened.
Seemingly satisﬁed with the state of things, he
pushed the slide wholly back and softly entered
the little cabin. He glided to the bunk where
George Stanton lay in a tired sleep and noted’
his deep breathing with great satisfaction. Then
he»took up his clothes, article by article. and _
searched them carefully, but whatever he was in
search of did not seem to present itself. 7 
. The young boatman moved ,uneasily in his. ‘
sleep and the man drew back into the deeper !
shadows of the cuddy. Stanton, however, did not
awake, and Redmond continued his useless search. 

“Blame him!” he cried at last. “What has he :
done with it?”  3

The words aroused the boy and he sat up. His
sharp eyes showed him that he was not alone. »

“Who's there?" he demanded, reaching out and , -_
grasping the intruder by the sleeve of his jacket.' "

“I’m here,” replied Redmond, drawing a clasp, 
knife from his pocket and opening it with his" ;,
teeth. _ '

“Who are you, Redmond?" ' . »\.

,“Yes. Jim Redmond.” ‘-

“And what do you want here in the cabin of ‘~."~
my boat?" ‘ 5 5

“What do I want? I want thargpiece of pardI- }
ment which you took from the pocketbook I 
hid under that keg on the ground ﬂoor of the .,
lighthouse. Give it up, or by heavens, I'll hut". .5
your life!” and he pressed the blade of his knife 
against the lad’s throat. .

.....u _A..1‘a'-..x-_.'__. AV. '. nﬂv ..'.-. ,_

 

 

 

 
   

CHAPTER IV.—Stanton Steals a i.i..Aci. on» »
Redmond. ‘ » . 

“I haven't any piece of parchment,” protestd - '
George. - -. .

“You can't. lie out of it, youn fellow. Yd ~
looked in at the window, saw me guide the walﬂ
under that keg, and when I went upstairs
Deermg you took advantage of my absence‘

   
   

     
   
   
 

  

‘take that wallet out from under thekeg and
'-amine it."‘~. . '

   
  
   

, ‘€You=-a_nh to knowall uboutriti - '
‘ ’f1d0o"   I’ I.‘-’ .. - ‘ g.

    
 

  
  
  
    

- “All right, then, have it your own way."
“Hand over that parchment " hissed Redmond.
» “How can I hand over what I haven't got?"
I Redmond found that he wasn't accomplishing
much, and he was furious. He was satisﬁed in
his own mind that Stanton knew where the pre-
‘ dons piece of parchment was, and he was de-
" termined to make him own up. Just then Howard
 Deering stepped aboard the boat and poked his
head in at the cabin door. As it was pitch dark
in the cuddy he couldn't see anything. but it
. aeemed.as if something strange was going on in
3" there——something like a struggle between two
 persons. He took a match safe out of his pocket
, ‘ and struck a light. He was astonished at the
sight which met his view. George Stanton, in
 very scant'attire, was trying to hold his Own
 against Redmond, who was fully dressed. _
‘.“What does this mean?” asked Mr. Deering,
lighting a second match. ,, _

His words and presence caused a cessation of
the conflict. Stanton let go of his aggressor and
'-‘r - squirmed out of his reach.

: - . "I’ll get square with you yet, my young boat-
, .,-man.” hissed Redmond, satisﬁed that he could
’ ‘:30 nothing more just then toward getting his
2 hands on the coveted piece of parchment. “You
i "haven't seen the last of this thing by a jugful.”

'.With those words he brushed by Deerinzi
. skhed his way out of the cabin and left the
{ t

'7 i . What's the trouble, m lad?” asked the B05-
merchant, after he ad watched Redmond
‘retire from the cuddy. .

1 “The trouble is that I woke up to ﬁnd that fel-
'low in here rummaging around the place. He
came after a bit of parchment which he says I
“. took from a red pocketbook he had hidden under I
 in the ground ﬂoor room of the lighthuse.”
‘;'_“A red pocketbook!” exclaimed Mr. Deei-mg,
‘Jeealling his brother's dying words. “The last
words my brother spoke referred to a red pocket-

  
 
  

( 

 

 r'J

   
  
 
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
     
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
 
 

5.’

in: it on his person,.where he evidently had been
. accustomed to keep it, he frantically declared he
3‘ ind been robbed by some. one whose name he was
‘unable to mention on account of a violent spell
of coughing, which ended in his death.” -
 “The thief was Jim Redmond, the man who
left this boa .” _ ' _
 ‘_‘Then he must be made to yield it up, since
 that belonged to Rodnely‘ is’ now the
‘rightful property of his daughter ossie.” ,
“If you
come to know that Redmond had possession of
pocketbook.” -
“Certainly I will listen to you.”
Thereupon Stanton told Howard Deering all
. - .the reader is familiar with in respect to the
i :. wallet up to the moment George placed the
of archment in his own pocketbook and
. ‘N ,accid)entally let it fall into the hole among
" H" rocks. Deering was not only interested, but
' ,- _ list excited over the recital. A slight noise
ﬂlhe opening of the cabin caused Stanton and
, ‘rig to turn their eyes in that direction,
in time tosee a dark ob'ect, which they
i vbe the ‘hood of Jim Jkodnond, draw

  

 
 
  
   
 

I - ‘ on which he seemed to place great value._
gas going to show it to me, when, not ﬁnd-_

will listen, sir, I will tell you how I‘

  

THE LADDER or FAME '_ 5

“The rascal has been spyin on us, and he has
probably heard every word 0 our conversation,"
said Geonge, in a tone of disgust. “I doubt if it
will do him much good, so far as getting on the
track of the lost parchment, for I did not men-
tion the exact spot where I dropped my own
wallet. The best thing you can do isto demand
your brother's wallet, containing the money, from
him. I am a witness to the fact that he has it.
Should he refuse to turn it over to you you can
threaten him with arrest.”

“I will do that; but he may defy me. I shall
have to remain on the island while you go to the
village, notify the government authorities of the
death of my brother and bring over an under-
taker to take charge of his remains. The ras-
cal may make his escape in a boat while you are
away.”

Morning was now beginning to dawn, so the
young boatman put on his clothes, as further
sleep was out of the question. Mr. Deering said-
he would have to return to the lighthouse to look
after his niece. After he had gone, Stanton sat
on top of the boat's half—deck and watched the
sky lighten up. By this time the gale had blown
itself out. The water of the bav, however, was
still very much agitated, and dashed quite noisily
upon the rocky shore of the island. The sky was
fairly clear of clouds and promised a ﬁne day.
George looked around for some sign of Redmond,
but he was not to be seen.

He unmoored the Gull from the wharf before
he saw Redmond running rapidly down the rocks.
As soon as the rascal struck the wharf he saw
that the young boatman had escaped him, and so
he stopped and shook his ﬂst at him, shouting out
some words that the boy could not understand.

George paid no attention to the fellow, but laid
his course direct for Shoreham village, hidden
behind a‘. distant point of land.

CHAPTER V.—Redm6nd Scores a Point.

The young boatman made good time on his re-
tl;!‘!}l1.I.l‘l and reached the landing-stage in front
0 is
mother was up and watching for him. With the
aid of her husband’: eyeglass, she had made out
the Gull soon after she rounded the point and
she then hastened to get breakfast on the table,
fol‘ 5118 $565584 George would have an uncom-
m°Y_|1Y 800d appetite that morning. She also
noticed that the passenger he had carried to the
island was not visible in the cockpit, so she
judged he had remained at the lighthouse.

W811. mother." her son said in his usual
cheery tone. as he entered the kitchen, “you see
I’m back all right."-' ,

“And I thank heaven that you are, my boy. I
am sure that you found it a very rough night on
the water.”

. “It was, indeed. mother. I don’t think I've ever
seen a much more one aﬂoat. _It was a good
thing thatl carried Ir. Deer-int over to the
island, for his brother died a short time after we
reached the lighthouse."

      

w:2£:":.Y.:;'..:'.:.:'..i°..‘°",. . W as “- We 

 

ome a little after seven o'clock. His v

  
 

,-boat?”

ﬁthereiwas somethingin it for him, and

 
   
  

 ha‘§Igonef’to' a nelghhodll

6 . THE LADDER. or FAME

“His name was Rodney Deering, and he has
left a little girl of fourteen for his brother to
look after.”

“Then the poor child is an orphan?”

“She is. Her mother died about ten years
ago.” > .

“It is .fortunate she has this uncle who is will-
ing to take charge of her.”

“Yes, mother. He’s pretty well off, I guess,
He is a Boston merchant.”

“The change from the island to a comfortable
city home must prove advantageous to the child,_
though of course she ‘is bound to miss her fa-
ther. Sit up to the table now and eat your
breakfast. Everything is ready and waiting. I
dare say you are hungry after your sail."

“I should say I am. The sea air is uncommonly
bracin-g this morning, and puts a ﬁne edge on a
fellow’s appetite. Besides, I've got to return to
the island as soon as I can.” i

~ “To bring back your last night's passenger and
the little girl, I suppose?”

“Probably so; but I've got to carry the under-
taker and a coffin over with me, after I have no-
tiﬁed the lighthouse inspector of the district that
Rodney Deering, who was the head keeper of the
light,—is dead. By the way, mother, Mr. Deering
promised me $20 for last night's trip after he
saw how rough the weather really was. He looks
on it as a great favor that I was willing to carry
him over in such a gale.”

“Twenty dollars will come in very nicely at
this time.”

After breakfast he called on Mr. Mold, the vil-
lage undertaker, and told him he had a job for
him. ~ ,

“Why, who's dead, George?” he asked in some
surprise. .

“The head keeper of the Coﬂin Island light.
I'll take you over to the island in my boat after
a while. You'll want to take a coffin, of course."

“What size man is he?” ,

“Now you've got me, _Mr. Mold. I couldn't tell
you because I didn't see him. I should think he

‘was about the average size.”

“I'll take a box over, and lit him with a casket
after we bring him. back. Who pays the ex-
penses?”

“The man's brother, who is over at the island
now. He’s a Boston merchant.” _

“All right,” replied Mr. Mold. “When will

I ''you be ready to start?"

“Probably in about an hour,” replied the boy.

“I'll be ready for you." _ _

George had the address of the lighthouse in-
spector of that district, and he sent him a dis-
patch notifying him that Rodney Deering had
died early that morning. The undertaker and

'. his assistant carried the box to the Gull.

“I'm afraid your boat is too small to fetch that
box back with the corpse in it ‘in the way it
to be carried. Can't you get a larger
“Well, there's Captain Mason's sloop. Perhaps.
I can induce him to take us_ over.”

The boy went to Ca ' Mason’: house and
fund that he was “ to so over pmvglleti

a

 3hca'8ft.uhisy‘so'nIn‘d,a8-_p

  

agreed, but before they set off he got his father’:
revolver and placed it in his hip pocket, so as to
be prepared to defend himself in case Jim Red-
mond was looking for trouble. They reached
the island about half-past ten o'clock and the

undertaker and his helper carried the box at.

once to the lighthouse. Redmond was nowhere
to be seen. Mr. Deering told George that the as-
sistant light keeper had been hunting about the
rocks ever since he (Stanton) left the island.

Stanton proposed that while the undertaker
was getting the dead man ready for removal they
go down to the spot where the lost wallet lay and
see if they could recover it. Mr. Deering agreed.

“Do you think you can locate the spot?" he
asked, with great interest.

“I marked it with a pile of stones.
far to the right of the wharf."

The stones were found just as George had de-
scribed them. He moved them and disclosed I
crevice in the rock, at the bottom of which the
wallet could be seen.
row for a person to insert his arm, so George
told Mr. Deering that he would have to go down
to the sloop and get a boat-hook that he had seen
on board. In a few minutes he returned with the
article and tried to probe the wallet out. This
was no easy job to accomplish, and their atten-
tion was so much absorbed in the work that they
did not observe the cautious approach of Jim
Redmond, who had been on the watch behind a
rock ever since the sloop made fast to the wharf.

“I. don't know whether I can get it out or not,’

It is not

said George, after he had failed a dozen times. ~

“It’s a most exasperating job."
“Let me try,” said Mr. Deering.

The ﬁssure was too nan-,

. .".........i:;.._'s.2ssl'£

1
3:

The boy resigned the boat-hook to him, but his. '

efforts were not rewarded with any degree of
success. Finally he gave it u and the young
boatman took another try. At e second attem
George succeeded in catching the point of
hook in the rubber band.

“I’ve got it," he said triumphantly, and with
the use of a little dexterity he brought the wand
to the surface. “There you are,” he said, holding
it out to Mr. Deering. .

Before the gentleman could take it, Redmond
dashed forward, snatched it from the boy's hand,

and dashed away across the rocks with a derisivo

laugh‘.

CHAPTER - VI.—What the Parchment Revealed.

i The unexpected appearance of Jim Redmond

took Mr. Deering and George completely by sur~~ 
prise, and for a moment they could only ..
after the ﬂeeing rascal, then the young boatman ,
recovered his self-possession and started in pur-V

suit. He was as active as a young monkey on his
feet and Redmond soonsaiw thathe was being
rapidly overhauled. ‘-

“I’ll lead him \away to the eastern end of the

island and, then put his nose out of joint,” mut»-3
tered the scoundrel, as he sprang forward 
rock to rock, with an occasional brief glance ‘over '

his shoulder at his young pursuer.

c

The rascal relied upon his greater strength 
oveseomehths boy at the proper-mlment then 

   

therirchi-rent attinﬁnllis  '

..».

    
  
    
    

I

   
  
    
   
 
   
 
 
    
   
  
    
 

 

ﬁget away from the island in a small‘ boat be-
longing to the lighthouse, which was tied down
.‘_ “at the wharf. Stanton followed on Redmond’s
' heels with the dogged resolve to wrest his wallet
from him at all hazards. He‘ was th_m‘0U8_hiY
— aroused against the fellow’s perversity in trying
-. ,, to do thedaughter of Rodney Deering out of what
"’ "rightfully belonged to her alone. Redmond pres-
 ently struck a path that carried.him down to
' Tﬂie shore and out of sight of the lighthouse. The
I lloy was close at his heels when he turned a pro-
jecting rock and disappeared. As Stanton him-
rounded the rock he found Redmond crouch-
’ behind it ready to attack him. The rascal
§’ struck George a stinging blow alongside of the
, head which staggered him, and immediately fol-
. lowed up his advantage. _ _ _
‘ George saw that he would not be in it with
this burly rascal if he once got his hands upon
3 .- him, so ‘he dexterously' evaded a hand-to-hand
eonﬂict by leaping aside. Then he picked up a
stone and ﬁred it at Redmond. The missile took

“Wright arm, and wringling from him a howl of
;‘pain and fury. ‘ ‘ '

 “I'll kill you for_that, you little monkey!" he
V ed, stooping down to retaliate on the same

   
  
     
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
 

“rop it!" commanded George, coolly, display-
“Drop it,

lug his revolver and covering the man.
 I'll put a ball into you." _ _ _
"~.Redmond straightened up SllI‘[)!‘lS€d and dis-
aginﬁted at the appearance of things.’
“Turn that gun away, will you? he snarled.
“It might go otf." _
"‘_If it goes 011’ it will be your lookout," re-
 the young boatman.
,"What do you want me to do ?” growled the

'.‘“l_‘hrow that wallet to me or I'll put a ball

ﬁrough your arm,” cried Stanton,.in a deter-
nu. - tone.

2- “You wouldn't dare,” blared the rascal. ,

; " “Wouldn't I? I'll give you three seconds to dc
'-  tell you. 0ne—two—three!"

'4-Redmond sullenly refused to 6011191)’. Where‘
upon instead of aiming at -the fellow’s arm Stan-

‘ ’ ‘ ﬁred apparently directl at his head. The

’ whiued so close to‘ mond’s face that he

iﬁxito run. _
Stop!" shouted the young boa_tman after him-
‘He emphasized his command with a second bul-
, which bron lit the villain to a terriﬁed pause.
. ow,” said , after picking up his wallet
advancing. on
'g’s red pocketbook,
. bullet won't miss you. _ _
Redmond glared furiously at his antagonist,
"the revolver was an al -powerful persuadeia
 he slowly and reluctantly produced the dell
i '3' property and threw it on the ground with a

    
  
    
   
  
 

gr I promise you the

on can go now,” replied George, coolly,-after
: possession of-the wallet. . . '
tehed. Redmond take his way along the
 he.start_ed in the opposite direction
» th my he had ‘come, and soon

  

rockgwhe heould
!1.’.*.¥§!P*.m 

=' eﬂect on his shoulder, palrtially disabling his.

~- the wallet with a bowl of fear and start- I

mond, “hand out Rodney

 he

      

THE LADDER OF FAME 7

of Howard Deering, who had heard the pistol
shots and was much concerned for the safety of
the brave boy. - '

“Thank heaven you are safe!” exclaimed Mr.
Deering, when he came up and grasped the young
skipper by the hand. “What were those pistol
shots I heard?"

“They were fired by me,” replied George.

“By you?”

“Yes. I brought over my father's revolver
this trip, for I feared that I might have occasion
to use it to defend myself against Redmond.
Well, it came in handy. I came upon the rascal
under the bluff, where I guess he expected to do
me up, and I compelled him not only to give up
my wallet, but also your brother’s pocketbook. '
Here it is,” and the boy handed it over to Mr.
Deering. .

“You are a boy in a thousand,” exclaimed the
merchant. “I did not expect to get that pocket-
book unless I succeeded in rounding that man
up with the help of a constable."

While he was speaking George was taking the
parchment out of his own wallet. He tendered it
to Mr. Deering.

“No one would think_to look at that bit of
paper that it was worth taking care of,” said
the boy. “And yet Redmond has made several
strenuous efforts to get it and hold on to it.”

The merchant contemplated the soiled, creased
and ancient-looking document with much interest.
-“It must be pretty old," Mr. Deering said,'
thoughtfully: “No one sees any such material
nowadays to write upon. It was considerably,
used a hundred yeai's ago by those who could
buy it, scarce and dear as it was.”

He unfolded the bit of parchment with due *
care, George watching the operation with intense _‘ ‘
interest. The piece of parchment-was blank. "

CH.$P'l‘ER VII.—Froni Shoreham Village
‘ to Boston. ' »

. “Why, there's no writin’ on it," cried the
young boatman in some astonishment.

“It is certainl very singular," said Mr. Deer-
ing, gazing blan ly at the paper. “The writing , '
must have faded.” , ' p 2

“Then the parchment isn't worth all the trou- ’
ble it has caused us." .

“Apparently not. It is an interesting relic,
however, and as such I will keep it. Possibly
some chemist might be able to bring out the‘ .
writing again, for the ink used in olden times was . ,
more substantial than our modern article. Still 7 ,.
I have no_,great faith that what was once written — t
on this piece of vellum will ever be revealed." ,

Thus speaking, the merchant refolded -the bit "‘
ﬁgoparchment and returned it to the red pocbt- ‘ 

“Let us return to the lighthouse "and help 2 ‘
Flossie get her things in order for taking away,” , . 
said Mr. Deering, placing‘ the red wallet in an I , *3
inner pocket of his coat. , ' . . '

.1111! an hour later Georg! And Mr. '
carried Ylossi,e's small trunk with 1!! her
' down to~,the'sloop, when thcbos 

  

 
       
      
  

        

_i

 

  

   

‘his business card.

I Stanton piloted
" niece to his mother's cottage.
_-oelved her visitors with all courtesy and pro-

? possible. _
I-. and_ during the meal Mr. Deering opening up the
:3."

 

8 I THE LADDER or FAME

conveyed. Jim Redmond did not appear until he
saw that they were on the point of taking their
departure, then George observed him walking to-
ward the lighthouse. In the oﬂing a government
tender was to be seen heading toward the island
from the direction of Boston. With Stanton’s
assistance the captain of the sloop.hoisted the
mainsail and subsequently the foresail. The ropes
which held her to the wharf were then cast loose
and she glided away from the island under a fair
breeze. Flossie and her uncle sat on the exten-
‘sion roof of ‘the cabin, with George Stanton, while
Captain Mason steered. Undertaker Mold and
his men remained forward with the box.

“I am very glad to have met you, Stanton,"
said Mr. Deering, when the boat was well upon
her way. “I don’t think I could have got another
skilled boatman to have taken me to the island
last night. Therefore, I feel that it is due to
you that I was enabled to see my brother before
he died. The sum of $20, which I promised you,
scarcely expresses my sentiments, so I shall insist
in making it $50.”

“No, sir. I cannot take so much from you for
my services. I am perfectly satisﬁed with $20.”

“Now," continued Mr.’ Deering, “if there is
anything I can do for you hereafter,,I hope you
will comunicate with me," and he- handed the lad
“I suppose you .do not intend
to remain permanently in such a small place as

_ Shoreham. A boy of your evident/abilities ought
‘to seek a wider ﬁeld of usefulness.”

“I should like very much to get a start in Bos-
ton, or some other large city,” said George, voic-
ing the desire that was nearest his heart.

“Nothing is easier, if your mind is set in that
direction. I will be glad to make an opening for
yop in my oﬂice. I am about to make some
changes that will necessitate my taking on new
help. I am arranging to open a branch establish-
ment in liew York. I am going to send my chief

clerk on there to act as resident manager. He

will probably take‘a couple of the other clerks
with him. Their places will be ﬁlled by promo-

tion, which will naturally create several vacan- .

cies at the foot. I should be glad to have you
step into one of them.”
. f‘I am very much obliged to you, Mr. Deering.
If I can get my mother's permission for me to
go to Bostonl will gladly accetgt your offer.”

.‘“I will speak to your mo er myself, if you

, wish, and point out the undoubted advantages
that would accrue to you by getting a proper

start in the world. I should think she would
have no great objection to moving to Boston her-
self. There are many nice places to live in the
suburbs of the city, and the electric cars alford
quick and satisfactory communication with the
business ccnter.”\

When the sloo arrived at her wharf George
r. Deering and his bereaved
Mrs. Stanton re-

ceeded to make their brief stay as pleasant as
She prepared a nide dinner for them,

_ of theyoung boatman going to Boston
taking _a, position in his omce, While Mrs.
wusﬁhlieed to admit that Shoreham

  
 

   

 
  

and 

offered comparatively no inducements for an un-
bitious boy, she seemed loath to consider the pro-
position of moving to a Boston suburb.

She had been born, brought up and married in
Shoreham, and she protested that no other place
would satisfy her as well.

“I can understand that feeling very well, ‘Mrs.
Stanton,” replied Mr. Deering; “but remember
you must consider your son’s future. The world
wants just such bright and energetic boys as
your boy George is, and it is doing him an in-
justice to bury him in this antiquated village.”

This was putting the matter right up to her
in a way that she could not very well evade, and
so she promised to think the subject over, at the
same time thanking the merchant for the interest
he was taking in her son. _

A1: five o'clock a buggy was brought around to
the cottage to take Mr. Deering and Flossie on
to the next town, where they would catch a train
for the clty,‘a wagon conveying Rodne Deering’:
body in a casket, enclosed in a plain hex, to the
station. '

“I shall expect to hear from you in a few days,
St8nt0D/’ said the merchant as they were about
to part. “At any rate I shall keep a place open

V for you.”

That night after tea George and his mother
had a serious talk about his branching out in
life, but no decision was reached. A day or two
later Mrs. Stanton received a letter from her on!
sister, a widow, in which the latter said she had
decided to move to Shoreham, so as to be-near
her, and asked her to look up a small cottage for
her and her two children. This letter suggested
a plan to George.

"_Mother, why don’t you have Aunt Bertha
come and_live with you? Then I could go to
Boston, and you need not leave Shoreham at all
I could run down once a week and remain with
you till Sunday night. The distance is not far.
Don't you think that such an arrangement would
solve the whole diﬂiculty?”

“But I don't like to have you away from me for 5

a whole week at a time," objected the little
widow, stroking her son’s hair. “I should miss
you dreadfully.”

“I must do it some day- Why not now, when
such a ﬁne opportunity has presented itself," he
said, putting one arm lovingly around her. “Re-
member you are not really losing me. Boston in
only a short distance from here, and you will
know that I am in good hands when I am with
Mr. Deering.”

Mrs. Stanton, like all fond mothers, hated ta
part with her only son, even under such excep-
tionally favorable circumstances; but in the end
she yielded to his solicitations.
later George Stanton became oﬁce boy for How-
ard Deermg, and took up his home with a re-

_ spectable family in East Cambridge, not far from

where Mr. Deering lived himself.

CHAPTER VIII.—George Stanton’s Experience I3

As Oﬂice Boy.

.Howard Deer‘n ‘ l l 2. t, 
big i...-..- ;{ ..m1‘s.¥a‘_.':‘§‘aS..§s°.i‘.°1.’.‘.‘.e’’¢i‘.:.°‘°’ “‘°" “’*

 
 

,.§.
'8

 

. _ .
3st.‘ .‘(..z,. 1!£4,J..l.x'.‘. ~.

And so ten days .

‘ esroymg and  iliﬁoi 5‘

 

 

   
  

     

  

‘€-
s”?
F

3%! 4 .
 of Boston's busiest district. His trade had
 extensively in the last few years, as the
 uct he controlled became more and more in
nd throughout the country. He had just
established a branch in New York, with a full line
of stock, where heretofore he had only maintained
aamall sales oﬁice with samples on exhibition.
Ki‘. Deering had taken a -great liking for George
stanton. He saw that the boy had the making
» ' of a smart man in him, and he determined to push
’ ahead as fast as circumstances permitted.
George, being naturally obliging and even-
iempereﬂ, soon made himself popular with his as-
Iociates. There was one exception, however, as
‘ Ilways seems to be the case in a big office. This
* Jxoeption was Phil Redmond, the brother of Jim
"'7.“Eedmond, with whom Stanton had had the run-in
= with on Coﬂin Island.
5‘ The trouble was Redmond was.something of a
3 fast young chap. He associated with a pretty
'_,rapid crowd, and had acquired a number of ex-
" tensive habits that obliged him to scratch haral
to make ends meet. As a‘ matter of fact, ends
ﬂint meet with him and were gettimr further
. further apart every day.’ Just why Redmond
took a seated dislike to George Stanton would be
hard to explain; but the fact remains that he did.
‘ _Be was continually, ﬁnding some fault with the
' t oﬁice boy. Fortunately for George, Recl-
,‘ d was not such an important factor'in the
establishment that he could do the boy any great
' m. Flossie, who took her‘ place in Mr. l)eer-
fng’s household \just as if she had been his own
daughter," developed a habit of coming to the city
_ on a Saturday afternoon and dropping in at the
’ ﬂee to see George. Phil Redmond, as soon as he
i-‘lﬁnnd out that she was Mr. Dee§Ig’s niece, tried
niakehimself particularly agreeable to her;
hit somehow or another Flossie did not fancy
Jim for a cent, and she made no secret of her
’ "feelings on the subject, much to the bookkeeper's
~' disappointment and annoyance, for he prided him-
gdf on being irresistible with the fair sex. The
ﬁrks soon began to notice Flossie's partiality
, Stanton’s society, and then they began to
Suit him about her. Of course they did not know
ﬁat he met her once, and sometimes twice a
"heck at Mr. Deering’s home. George took their
I'll! good-naturedly, and after a while they 80t
ﬁred of roasting him. It was different with
_....-. He resented the boy’s familiarity with
we the more particularly because he could
help seeing that she liked George better than
one else. He made remarks about their in-
to his fellow clerks in a way that showed
. ms jealous of the oﬂice boy. ’
“Hr. Deering ought to know about it," he re-
 one Saturday afternoon, when Flossie

  
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
   
    
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
     
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
    
   
  

r .

55$

« letters at the press for the cashier. “He
~ -. a whole lot of the boss's time with that
every Saturday. Look at him now. He’:
- ﬁfteen minutes monkeying over that letter-
‘and chiming toher. It-oughttobe stop-

r;don’i know that it ia:ny of our business,
V59 III very friend] towed Stanton.
 .e«i,sa¢_it one rogmmar.

3:.‘

 

talkinvgto George, while he was copying.

 " replied thrbookkeeper he was ad-_

.:~’f' . THE’ LADDER OF FAME 9

“Oh, he's up to his e es in business these days.
He doesn't see all that s going on out here. How
90015 be. when he's in his private otiice most of
the time?"

“That’s_all right, but there isn’t much that
escapes him, just the same," nodded the other
bookkeeper in a conclusive way. ’
_ The appearance of Mr. Deering in the count-
mg‘-room at that moment caused a cessation in
the conversation between the two bookkeepers.
They both noticed that though he looked directly
at Stanton and Flossie, whose heads were close
together at the moment, he passed them by
without a word.

CHAPTER IX.—Detecting a Crime.

Time wore on and George Stanton was pro-
moted from office boy to an under clerkship.
Stanton had been a year in Mr. Deering’s empldy
when he was transferred-from the main room to
the cashier department. Stanton continued on
friendly terms with all the clerks except Phil
Redmond. He and Phil never spoke except when
business compelled them to, and then their inter-
course was of the briefest kind. George was now
eighteen and Flossie had developed into a lovely
miss of fifteen. One day Flossie appeared at
the counting-room unexpectedly about ‘half-past
twelve. She had been shopping on T;-emont
street, and the idea had occurred to her that she
would run down to the oﬁice and get George to
take her to lunch. Stanton‘was in his den, as
he called the cashier's enclosure, and Flossie came
to the little window and peeped through at him.

“I see you,” she exclaimed, with a merry
laugh.

“Goodness! Is that you, Flossie?" said George.
“I didn't expect to see you to-day."

“Didn’t you?" she replied, roguishly. “Well
I thought I'd give you a surprise.” , '

“You've done it for a fact," he answered, put
ting his hnd through the window and shaking
her little gloved one. “I'm awfully glad to see
you. ,

“Are you, really?”

“Don't you know I am?"

"Welly" she said, cocking her head demurely on
one side, “I'm not tellin everythi kn "

8 D8 I ow.

“That's a very wise resolution," he laughed, ‘

“Are you very busy?” she asked,

::Why do you ask that question?” .

“Because I’ want you to take me out to lunch.”

You didn t come all the way from East Cam-

bridge just to ask me to take you to 1mm}, am
you?” he grinned. _ '
. .“Of course not, you foolish boy! I've been up
In the. retail district shopping: I thought I'd
sooner lunch with you than go alone into ,3 res-
t8l}‘1'9-|'1t. 90 I Just came after you-—therel”

You have certainly done me a ve great
1101101’. Flossie," said George, smilingly; 51111: I'm
not sure_I can get 01!’ right away. Mr. Richard
910 Cashier. usually goes to lunch before me, uni
he hasn't started yet.” ‘ ,

  
 
  

y. I'm sure. he'll oblige

   

.34

“Then Pmgoi gt0ISkllimt0Jety0llgoﬁrgt 
. l||¢- \ ‘ '
“Thatv9'!1dhand1rbeiairto.tahadn.1;..r' ..

    
   

 ' livered according to promise.

 

 

"and listened for a moment intently.

_ than enough to he!

  

10

“But I want you to go now,” she persisted with
a little willful pout, for she was now accustomed
to have pretty much of her own way with her
Uncle Howard, who had grown very fond indeed
of his dead brother’s child.

“Here’s Mr. Richards now. I’ll speak to him.”

Stanton stated the case and the cashier told
him he could go to lunch then. There happened
to be no one in the counting-room at that mo-
ment but Phil Redmond. He looked unusually
tired and haggard, as if he had been up all night.
There was a restless, hunted look in. his eyes,
too, that seemed to indicate that his mind was ill
at ease.

Flossie went into her unc1e’s private oﬂice to
wait for George. She left the door, which com-
manded a view of the cashier’s enclosure, open.
Stanton went to the lavatory to tidy himself up,
for now that Fjlossie was going to eat with him,
he expected to patronize a more tony restaurant

than the little one _he was accustomed to go to.

The cashier remained in the enclosure en-
grossed with his duties. At this juncture the
telephone bell rang. The office boy, who was
eating his frugal lunch in the neighborhood of
the booth. answered the ring. After heanng what
the voice at the other end of the wire wanted, he
told the person to hold the wire, and started for
the cashier’s pen.

“Mr. Richards," said the boy, “there’s a man

' on the ’phone who wants to see about an im-

portant order which he' says has not been de'~
Mr. Deering is not
in, so I guess you’d better talk to him.”

“I guess I had," replied the cashier, coming
out of the enclosure and slamming the wire gate
after him. ~

The gate to the enclosure was provided with
a spring catch, which always held, it secure, so
that the cashier was obliged to use a key to let
himself in. This was a necessary percaution dur-
ing business hours, as Mr. Richards frequently
left his den for one reason or another, leaving
his safe open and his money.-drawer i; the desk
unlocked. Of course there was not much danger
that any one but Stanton, whose desk was within
the enclosure, and who also carried a key to the
lock, would attempt to enter the cashier’s domain.
On this occasion Phil Redmond was looking
directly at the cashier's enclosure in a dreamy
kind of way when Mr. Richards slammed the door
to, as we have seen. V -4

For some reason or another thecatch on this
occasion did not grip as usual, and the door
swung open an inch and remained so. Mr. Rich-
ards, being in a hurry to reach the ’phone, did

V ° - not notice what happened, but Redmond did, and
a“ peculiar alert expression sprang into his eyes.

He glanced about the empty counting-room
The coast
was clear apparently. The fact of the matter
was, Phil Redmond needed a certain sum of
money badly.

At that moment there was apparently no one
about to see him, and by a little agility he felt

he could reach .the cashier's money—drawer’and'

away with whatever money was in it at the
which he believed would amount to more
p him out of his scrape. Cast-
sham look around the counting-room
reassured. he

15°‘

 

.. l.

I”

~THE LADDER or RAME — ’§

- the outside corner of the counting-room partition, 

 

‘,darted'ove,x,-‘to the en» attempted adash for the

 

closure, pulled open the gate, reached out to the
cash drawer, opened it and grabbed a big pile
of bills he saw there. He thrust them intohis
pocket as he retreated and closed the gate soft-
ly. This time the latch caught all right, and
Redmond returned to his desk in guilty triumph.
Redmond thought he had abstracted the mone
from the cashier's drawer unperceived, but such
had _not been the case.

George Stanton’s eye had been on him’. from
the moment he entered the enclosure till he With-
drew with the money in his list. The way it hap-
pended was this: George, after washingp up and
brushing his hair neatly, had entered Mr. Deer-
ing’s private room by a side door to notify Flossie
that he was ready to go out. Flossie had left
the door facing the cashier’s den partly open.
Stanton happened to take up his position at the _
proper angle to -command a view of the enclosure, - ~
and accidentally casting his eyes in that direction
at the critical moment, had, seen Redmond's
guilty act, and for a moment was too amazed—to‘
move.

He could scarcely believe the evidence of his{
eyes, so utterly unprepared was he for this dis-
covery of Redmor~.d's crookedness. But he r6- —
covered his self-possession in a moment.

“Excuse me a moment, Flossie. I want to see ,
the cashier.” he said, and hurried toward the _I
telephone booth.

Mr. Richards was too busilv engaged at that
moment to be disturbed, and Stanton waited for
him to come out to impart to him the astounding: ~'
revelation. While he was waiting Phil Redmond '2
got his hat and started to leave the oﬂice. George
detected his purpose in a moment. 5

“He mustn't leave the oﬁice with that money on
him to dispose of or I shall never be able to .
prove that he took it,” -he breathed, as Redmond";
passed outside of the counting-room enclosure. ""

The resolute boy therefore hurriedly followegl-5‘
the thieving ‘bookkeeper. As Redmond turned 

.....«...' ...i _ ...'.-.... ..s. '.A

1
1
.3
I
1
I
1
1

   

Stanton glided up behind him and laid his hand I.’ 3‘
on his shoulder. The bookkeeper turned as it
stung by some venomous insect, and his guilty

‘conscience~showed in his face.

h“:Vhat) do you want, Shtanton?”.2fd 
s a y nes as soon as e recogni e .*
“I want that money you  from the 
drawer a moment ago,” he replied, sternly.

“What do you mean?” quavered Redmond, his '.-
face turning a shade paler. ' ; j
“I mean just what I said. You stole into  -
cashier's enclosure just now, and helped yoursalt.‘-:.
to all the monley you could grab.” .~ -.."‘~‘-,
“ ou’re a iar." snarled Redmond, taking»; j
step toward the oﬂice door. _ e I
“I’m not a liar, for I had my eye on you an '
the time." _;
“How could you, when there was not a 
in the counting-room?’’ ,‘ 
“You forget the door of Mr. Deering’s privau j
room. That was artially open and I was it.’ «
there with Miss Fossie.” . , -;,_
_ “Blame you! Take thatl’f '
Redmond, white with fury, struck the
heavyhlow in the face, A ,' ‘ _hizn " .

    

t

 

 

  

  
 

 
  
 

  
 

4,.

 

 

  

    
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  

 ‘foyer, recovered himself in time to grasp the ras-
cal around the waist and a desperate struggle

CHAPTER X.———Sweethearts.

, The struggle outside the counting—room imme-
diately attracted notice, and both the cashier,
who was leaving the booth at the moment, and
, Flossie, ran out to see what was the matter. A
~ policeman who was standing in the corridor out-
llde also ran in to investigate the disturbance.
'_' Redmond has fastened his hands on Stanton’s
ﬂroat and was trying to choke him into releasing
his hold upon his person. The combatants swayed
 about, each desperately bent on accomplishing a
o‘ertain purpose. As soon as Flossie recognized
if that George was one of them, and that he was
‘ uemingly getting the worst of the encounter, she
screamed and rushed to his assistance. The of-
7ﬁoer, however, stepped in ahead of her, and
ping Redmond's two hands. tore them away
' _, m the boy's neck.
_ “Don't let him get away,” gasped Stanton, as
5' he sank back exhausted and panting for air.
" “Oh, George! Dear, dear George!" cried Flos-
«de, throwing her arms impulsively about his
, and bursting into tears. “What has he
- doing to you?" ».
Stanton offered no objection to her embrace,
shut he made no reply, for he could scarcely
~ Speak. At that exciting moment Mr. Deering
' altered the olﬁce. He was astonished at what he
.. ‘ , and of course wanted an explanation. Red-
fund, after making an ineffectual struggle to get
sun. from the policemank gave up the ﬁght and
dog sullenly awaiting his fate. ’
»“What’s the meaning of this, Redmond?" asked
Hie cashier, clearly surprised at ‘the situation,
Ilrlle Mr. Deeriiig also showed his astonishment
‘ﬂ his eyes.
,.“'~The -bookkeeper made no reply, since he had
ﬁle that’ would stand muster. Then it was that
,‘Il:anton, releasing Flossie's arms from his neck,
ﬁde his charge. -_
; '§‘'If you will search Mr. Redmond you will ﬁnd a
._b\_rndle of nioney on ‘his person which he took
ham your cash ,drawer." v
;%mmbkl" ejaculated Mr. Richards. “How
' ' he reach the cash drawer?. I was only
.. y from the enclosure a moment, and the gate
Ila locked.”
“Nevertheless I saw him pull open the»gate,
1 into the place and grab a bunch of money.
cannot deny it.”
“Is this true, Redmond?” demanded Mr. Deer-

     
  
  
   
   
  
  
     
   
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  

A his guilt.
“Look into your drawer, Mr, Richards, and
if the money is missing," said the head of the

' quietly. _
' ~- re is no occasion to do that," sullenly
up Redmond, putting his hand into his
_ -« . “I admit my guilt. There is your mon-
and he held the roll of bills out to the
who mechanically aces ted it. “I sup-
I "for this, so the

/\

      

 

, sternly. .
«e bookkeeper was silent, but his face admit-

(I
.1 - s .

    

THE ‘LADDER or FAME 11

“\’)Vhy did you take that money, Redmond?”

asked Mr. Deering, more in sorrow than in ‘

anger.

“Because I needed the money.”

“Are you so badly 03 you must steal?”

“I am," replied the chlprit, goomily.

“Walk into my oﬂice, Redmond. I’d like an
explanation of this matter.”

“I have none to give you. I have ruined myself,
and that is all there is about it.”

“I'd like to talk with you at any rate. I am
very sorry that this has occurred. I did not
expect it of you after your many years of service
in my ofﬁce.’

Redmond uttered a reckless little laugh, glared
savagely at Stanton, and then followed his em-
ployer into the private room.

“I suppose I had better remain, hadn't I?” sug-
gested the policeman.

“I think ou had,” replied Mr. Richards. “I
should be glad to hear your account of this un-
fortunate affair, Stanton," he added, turning to
the boy. '

George made his statement, which, of course,
was very brief.

‘ “I can't understand ‘how Redmond opened that
gate," said the cashier in a perplexed tone,
“unless he has been contemplating this crime for
some time and had a key made to ﬁt the lock.”

“Are you sure that you shut the gate when you
went to the phone, sir?" ‘
_ “I am positive that I did.
ing it slam behind me."

“Then he must have had a key," said the boy.

“I'll show you how I slammed the gate,” said

the cashier when he and George returned to the
counting-room.
_ He opened the {ate with his key and then shut
it to as he had one when he .was called to the
booth. Then to his surprise the mystery was
uni_-aveled,_for the- gate failed to catch and re-
mained open one inch on the rebound.

“That accounts for it. We must get a locksmith
at once, for the lock is evidently out of order."

Mr. Deering called the ofﬁcer inside, told him
he, had decided not to press a complaint against
his recreant bookkeeper, and dismissed him with
a $5 bill. Phil Redmond never returned to his
desk. He was quickly dismissed from his posi-
tion, and another clerk was promoted to ﬁll hi;
place. Mr. _Deering told Stanton and his cashier
to say nothing about the aﬂair, but to leave the
other clerks to believe that Redmond had resigned
ofTl;is own acflord. bee

9 matter ‘Whiz 11 thus rmanentl dis-
posed of, Stanton took Flossie oultwto their bglated

I remember hear-

lunch, and he did not fail to tell the blu'sﬁ_

girl how much he thought of her for making
953" 0f coming ‘$0 his aid. Stanton was rather
glad than otherwise that Phil Redmond was out
0‘ 929 05508.‘ because he had long since given up
the idea of ever getting upon a  f ‘
with the bookkeeper. Flossie was also p eased to;
think he was gone, because she did not like his

face. None ofgthe oﬂice force regretted his de- .,i

P81'l7|1l'e, because nobody liked him much. ‘So, on
the Whlfley he was not missed even a little bit.
F,'lossie's uiipremeditated

    
  

w

  

w

, tion that .-
ﬂigﬁhta.

 12

good deal more of him ~than appeared even on the
surface. He hoped this was true, as he had come
to think a good deal of Flossie himself, and young
as he was he had built air castles concerning
future in which the ‘charming little miss ﬁgured
conspicuously. Things went along in the office
very nicely now as far as Stanton was concerned.
He seemed to be growing smarter and brighter
every day, and Mr. Deering was correspondingly
well pleased. Thus another year passed away
and George, now eighteen, was trying to coax the
down on his upper lip into something that faintly
resembled a mustache. Flossie had also advanced

- another year on the road of life, and was now

sweet sixteen. Stanton continued to call on Flos-

sie at least once a week with unfailing regularity.

On one of these occasions he learned to his dis-

, may that he was about to lose her for a time.

t: _ ~ Flossie imparted the intelligence, with tears in
- her eyes, that Uncle Howard had arranged to
send her to complete her education at a well-
known boarding school for young ladies, situated

ﬁfty or sixty miles from Boston. .

’ “Isn’t it too mean for anything that I shan’t
_, be able to see you at the oﬁice any more after
"1 next week," she said, with a little lump 'in her
throat.

-“But that isn’t the worst of it. You won't see
me Thursday nights any more after next week,”
; , said George, soberly, feeling asif life would not
r" be worth living.

1" “Will you miss me?’_’ she asked, her pretty
if’ < , eyes ﬁlling up.

“Will I? You can just bet I shall. You are
the one friend I think the world of, and when you
leave Boston I shan’t care much whether school
keeps or not."

“Do you think so much of me as all that?” she

asked, wistfully.
“I think more than that of you." said Stanton,
stoutly. “I like you next to my mother. I like
you just as much as if you was my real sister.
Don’t you wish you was my sister? ’ v_

Flossie was going to utter yes when it suddenly
occurred to her that another girl in that case
._ would be sure to take him, away from her some
time, and she didn't feel as if she wanted to give
him up at all.

“You must write to me once a week, Flossie,"
he said, after the had talked the matter over a

 

\

 

   
   
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
 
 

‘I'll write twice a, week, too,”. said the girl
I «ii""i.i""""“ thltmiigh hf? “ﬁsh th t I'll
_ ‘ ay you won ave ime o a , so
 only ask you to promise me one letter a week, but
- . that one I'll expect.” _

" . “I.promise,” she replied; “but you'll write one
two, won’t you?” ' '
“Sure I will.” _ . ‘
“As I'm going away a week from next Monday,
an come and see me Sunday, and_Tiiesdav, and

ursday and Sunday ‘again; Will you?”
.. I, ‘£2; eoué-se I will.” t _ h d
.  ~ ore- tantop went away tha evening e sai
_.' ﬁat on the he was glad she wasn't his
‘mater

.,s». _;

     

‘little while, “and '11 write twice a week to you.” ‘

.' -That ‘ ’d much preferto have her for his‘

THE LADDER or FAME '- 7;

little‘ girl in the world, and that they would he ~
sweethearts as long as they lived. ‘

CHAPTER XI.—The First Round of the Ladder
of Fame. - 

George Stanton felt like a ﬁsh out of water
after Flossie had departed for the boarding
sﬁhogl. Mr.dDl:eer‘iing_dso‘<i)nuc)ibserved thte chalnge 

e oy, an e eci e carry on a pan
had in view for some weeks. His New York
oﬁice had been growing more extensive in its '
3perati1oiIi‘s,l and “the manager had] requestigid ad-

itiona e p. hat he particular y wan was‘
a clerk familiar with the ﬁnancial end of the
bgisiness, s(<l> the igerclﬁagt Stainton iiigolhkia
o ce one ayan as e im ow ewou is
to go to New York as cashier of the branch of-
ﬁce. This was an unexpected and important ad-
gancement for the boy, and he was taken quite 7
y surprise. '

“I should like to go very much, sir, if you think
I 3111:! eaogpetent to ﬁll the position satisfactorily,"
rep 1 eorge.

“I haven’t any doubt about that whatever,” :-
said Mr. Deering. “Well, we will look upon the "
matter as settled. You had better write to your
mother about it at once. When you go down’ to
Shoreham on Saturday you can remain a week
and then I shall send you right on to your new " I

ll I85.

_ Mrs. Stanton did not like the idea at all of hav-
ing her son go so far away as New York, but as _
the die was cast, and the_ change too important .‘
for the boy to miss, she yielded to the inevitable. _. ,',-

Two weeks later _George Stanton reached the _“Ly
metropolis of America and gazed upon the sky-. »
scrapers and other wonders of the big city for the
ﬁrst_ time. He went to board with a very nice
family in Harlem, near One Hundred and Twen-
ty-ﬁfth street, and it was not very long before
he began to feel quite as much at home in his _
new surroundings as he had in East Cambridge.-‘_ j

He soon got acquainted with _some_ very con- 3 .
genial young men who lived in his neighborhood, _> -p
most of whom were members of a select social club '
that _had rooms on Seventh avenue. He was pro- : ;
posed as a member and duly accepted. The. '~
Manhattan Social and Literary Club soon devel-g --
oped a political bias in favor of a gentleman} "A
well known _in the district who was a candidate 
for nomination for the Board of Alderman. ’_ThO
club gave an entertainment once a month, every -’,,j,.
otlggr igile of Wliltfth, bei a :‘stag" affair, went ,_
un er e name 0 a “smo er.’ ‘ 1

It was at one of these “smokers” that the name‘ _.“
of the gentleman who had the oﬂice “bee in bi! "
bonnet’: was brought forward,_eulogized and '3"
resolution _introduced and carried -that. the dull;
;I‘i;:n1;i:li;tﬁgiri‘m in the event of his receiving 

'(li‘hi; wasf Stai;1g)n}"s ~ﬁrst insight. into politi¢s,s."
an t ence orwa e became ve much ‘ ' 
ested in the outcome of the matter:  
gentleman in question received the  

   
    
 
 
  

     
   
 

    
    

   

 ’_Would she be hissw _ cart‘! ' whereu 9 the club: inembers got -busy ‘to ‘ 
’- . s 381356.; :-mi1e¢.:-.-:1!  Aha-W  is election‘  ' I ‘
iissedhar us;-—sae-.y9t the  sin! ti . ;...-‘M 

' i  3* __ — is”-' '

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
    
  
   
  

putative stranger in the district, and such people
Is he knew were friends of the candidate. But
there were other ways he could help along the
‘good cause, and as he proved both a willing and
“enthusiastic worker, he made himself’ well _liked
- ] in the club. He was introduced to the_candidate,
‘with whom he had the honor of shaking hands,
and from whom he received words of thanks and
‘encouragement. He received invitations to at-
tend “smokers” given by other clubs, generally
‘purely political in character, some of which he
accepted. At a‘ grand ratiﬁcation meeting, held
._'at the rooms of the district headquarters, he
-1 listened to the ﬁrst political speeches he had ever
‘ heard in his life. This style of oratory rather
fascinated him, and he was easily induced to
‘accompany a party of friends who had volun-
;,.teered to visit different sections of the district in
 an express wagon, rigged up with painted cloth
Isigns, and a couple of gasoline torches and “speil"
"for ‘the club's Aldermanic candidate. Stanton
» 'wasn’t expected to make any remarks himself, as
i he had not been coached in the campaign issues,
‘but he had charge of literature, and was relied
upon to see that none of the naughty street boys
‘who favored the opposition tore off or disﬁgured
. '-the candidate's lithograph.

He listened very intentlrto the speeches made
by his friends and other more important orators
‘ that were occasionally introduced, and soon was

letter-perfect in all the important points advanced
. -‘by the party whomthe aldermanic nominee repre-
 A few days before election there'hap-
 '_pened to be a dearth of speakers on the express
wagon, and Stanton volunteered to help fill the
awkward void. He was permitted to, do so, and
his first political speech surprised not only him-
self but the two club friends who were on the
cart with him.

/, “Y on’:-e all the good, S_tanton," was the verdict
of his companions, when he sat down and the
wagon started for another corner to hold forth
to‘: new audience. “You've got the issues of the
‘.e'a_mpaign down ﬁne. Who -coached you?"
“Nobody,” replied the boy. “I’ve kept my ears
"open and took in all I heard you fellows and the
, _-gother speakers talk about.”

; “Upon my word," remarked one of the two, ad-
iniringly, “you didn’t miss anything of any con-
sequence. '. If our aldérmanic candidate had heard
you put it all over his opponent he would have
been tickled to death. You’ve got_a fine voice,

ll‘:-ight, old fellow. It's a pity we didn’t have
9 .c.x the stump from the start-off.”
Th. _' put him forward at all the other stopping
. :0 that he made six speeches that night.
.-i- that Stanton spoke the remaining nights
, ,~ campaign, and was highly complimented
J V4.1‘ ans. professional speakers who heard him.
On election day he was appointed as one of
xtae “wai'.chers” at the polls, and it was noticed
What he proved to be one of the most earnest and
‘ sistent workers for the organization that sup-
ed the club's aldermanic candidate. He. car-
the results of the election district at which
had served tothe clubrooms where. the candi-
. ¢e¢'eive‘tl_ the’-"neturns_.>” 7 _ ,
« a  for him to report_ that in

 has it e,l§8fIn8J°I:§ig'. of

 

 

 
  
 

.“_ .

THE LADDER OF FAME

 

13

the votes cast. Finally about midnight, when it be-
came clear that their man had been elected, a
procession was formed, headed by a band of
music» which had been engaged as soon as it be-
came evident that things were coming their way,
and that the alderman-elect at the head of the
line,.and the club members and other enthusiastic
particans walking behind Stanton and his asso-
ciates paraded‘ the principal streets of the dis-
trict and made Rome howl for a couple of hours,
at the end of which the successful gentleman “set
’em up” for everybody. The election was now a
thing of the past and politics was relegated to
the background once more in the club, but Stan-
ton did not forget his small elocutionary tri-
Umphs. and resolved to be there with both feet
the next time his servicesshould be called upon.
In fact, politics had in that brief time acquired

such a fascination for him that he joined the-

regular district organization, at the suggestion
of the captain of his election district. During
the winter the organization, to keep the interest
of the voters alive, gave monthly “smokers” at
which entertainment was provided bv profes-
sional vaudeville talent, interspersed  three-
round bouts by clever amateur boxers, some of
whom aspired to pugilistic honors. George never
failed to attend these affairs, and at the last one
he was induced to get upon the platform and
make a speech on the political situation gen-

erally. This was his first notable eﬂort inthat

line, and he acquitted himself with such general

satisfaction that he was recalled to say ii f'ew~

words more. Many of the prominent politicians
of the district were present on the platfoim on
this occasion, and they were so favorably im-
pressed with his oratorical powers that they
made a note of the fact with the view of using
this buddin Demostheneswhenthe occasion pre-
sented itsel . _The leader of the district had Stan-
ton introduced to him and he in turn made the
boy known to the other big lights, and it was gen-

:

erally admitted by the knowing ones that the lad .

was a comer. Before spring came around every
voter in the district had either seen or heard
about young Stanton, and he had actually become
quite popular, although he was unaware of the
fact. When he entered the organization club-
room of a night at least half of those present
nodded to him in a familiar way, while the

‘leader and his aides always had a pleasant word

to exchange with him. His attractive persomﬁty
had of course a great deal to do with this pop-
ularity. He had such a sociable way about him
and seemed such a good listener when any one
was airing his Private sentiments that no one
could fail to like him. During all this time
Stanton gave
of _Mr. Deering’s New York office. He attended
strictly to business during oﬁice hours, never

made mistﬁkﬁsy and was considered the star clerk’

of the branch.

He_maintained a regular correspondence with
Flossie, who often bewailed the fact that he was
so far away from her. The met, however, dur-
ing the Christmas holidays, aeorge and his moth-
91‘ being guests at the Deering home for a week.
a_nd a very happy time the two young people had
together renewing their ‘vows of eternal gn-
stazicy. , ~~ ‘ _  , ,

  
 

great satisfaction to the manager‘ ' A

     
   
 

 .. U‘???

 

   
 
  
  
   
  
  
     
  
   
    

, ton.’ r
l to a job if you ever want one.
I —'geets=zo‘keep_; ‘at the of

14

CHAPTER XII.—Stanton Becomes Captain of
His District.

In the latter part of the month of May Stanton
received a letter from the leader of the assem-
bly district asking him to call at his house.
Wondering what the big politician wanted with
him, George made the visit. -_

“I should like to have you accept the captaincy
of your election district, Stanton,” said the
leader. “I ﬁnd that you are a smart young fel-
low, well up in local politics, and by long odds
the most popular person in your immediate neigh-

‘ borhood. What do you say?”

"What's the matter with Murray, the present
captain?” asked George.

“He has just handed in his resignation. He is
going out West."

“I hardly think I am equal to the responsibil-
ities of the sition. Besides my business-——”

“This wont interfere with your regular busi-
ness in the least. I can guarantee that. We
want men for captains who are well liked, and
who show some energy in handling their districts.
You have been recommended to me b several of
the_ members of the Manhattan Social’ Club, with
which you are connected. But I may also say
that I ave had my eye on you for some time as
a promising young ,man of my district who de-
serves to be encouraged. I wish you to under-
stand that our organization appreciates and re-
gardis su'ch services as you ave already ren-

ere us.

“But, sir; I have had no experience as a cap-

tain."

“That's all right. Murray will take you in

hand and put you next to all that you require

to know. Then it will be ‘up to you to make a
good showing. You will receive all the help from
me that I can’ render. You will, of course, be
handicapped by the fact that your district shows
a majority in favor of the opposition. This
majority was at one time much greater than it is
now. Murray succeeded in cutting it down some-
what, and I have, no doubt but that you will do
even better. At any rate I have decided you are
the man for the place, and I want you to accept
it. ~
“Will you give me a little time to consider my
answer?’ .

“Certainly, if you insist, but I shall be much
disappointed if you turn the offer down.”

“I will let you know inside of a week.”

“Very well. I shall be at the General Cdimmifr

‘tee rooms next Wednesday ‘at eight o’clock. Le

me have your reply then.” .
"Very well, Mr. Partridge.”
The first thing George did was to call on Mur-
ray, the present captain, and have a talk with
him. He wanted to ﬁnd out just what would be

' expected of him, then he would be able to ﬁgure

as to whether he thought he would be able to fill
the ill or not.

“ h, on won't have any trouble at all, Stan-

dcl take it  I was you.”  lgeilve you

a stan 'ng with e organiza ‘on p you

. The leader him-

sQi.has.‘got togtreat his captains well if he;ex-

           

   

  
 
  

the district.» Par ,_ night‘ he went aroundto the

THE LADDER OF FAME

tridge is liable to have a contest at the next pt
mary in September, and it isn’t impossible but
may be turned down. It all depends who goes
up against him.”

“Well, letme know what I have to do as cap-
tain.”

“Sure," replied Murray, who then proceeded to
outline the more important things an electim
district captain has to look after.

“Partridge will take you around to the Harlem
Police Court and introduce you to Magistrwb
Dunne. It's handy to know him sometimes when
one of our voters gets into a little diﬂiculty
lands him at the station and he is afte
brought before the court. For instance, the
other day Janitor McNulty, of the Bensinghurst
Apartment House, in my district, laid a man ow.It—
with a club, and the fellow had him arrested and
swore he'd put him through. But he didn't. Mc- .
Nulty sent for me to come to the police station.
I found him in a cell and had a talk with him.
On his own showing the case looked a little dif-
ﬁcult of adjustment; but I wasn't discouraged.
I had a talk with the sergeant at the desk, and
he assured me McNulty was sure to go up tho
river. That didn’t seem encouraging, did it?’

“No,” admitted Stanton. '

“Well, after I had got hold of all the facts, I
called upon the chap whose head had been opened
up and found him in a very bad humor indeed. ‘E
I talked to him a. while and ﬁnally convinced bin 
that it would be to his interest not to press tﬂ .
complaint. I assured him that McNulty had I
good pull and would get oﬁ with a ﬁne. 111%
of having the city collect the ﬁne, which I thouﬂll ,
would be about ten dollars, I suggested that B 3
accept that amount and an apology from McN . V‘
and call it off. He agreed, and so nut morning’
when the janitor was brought up in court ho
was discharged at my-request because the man
was not in court to maintain the charge.”

George grinned at this little story, and thought
Murray was quite a diplomat in his way.

“As captain you will have a little patronage to
dispose of in the way of appointing two election
inspectors, a poll clerk and a ballot clerk. These ‘;
little jobs are much sought after by persons who‘ 
wish to evade duty, and cannotconscientiously 
swear that neither they not their wives are not 1
worth more than $250, either in personal prope -3?
or real estate. Then on election day you w' 4

l
*4
4
I
..|

employ six or eight helpers to stir up lazy voters, '3"
and attend to such other work as you will ﬁnd '5
necessary for them to do. On the night before. 
election the leader will furnish you with fundsvyjf
necessary to cover these expenses. Some cap- 
tains hold out a part of this as a personal‘ per- 
quisite; but I never do, as I always ﬁnd uses for l '”

the whole of the money. The captains are not
askedgfor an accounting, for it is presumed the" »
money is" spent as intended.” ~ 
Murray told Stanton a lot more on_the subject,;'*aj§

and the boy went home with his head full of‘-
details and pointers, all based on the present cap’-‘. 
tain’s personal experience in the district. Sta.n—_fl’
ton on the following evening consulted with many
of his,club members, and they all advised 
to  captasizcy iﬁhrefohkad a‘ 
Gag:-:1 . I

 

¢li.‘.3'

  
 
 
   
 

  

 

   
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   

r 1

arrived, but the secretary of the organization
a conﬁdential talk with him and seemed to be
_ .-ﬁnch pleased that he had decided’ to accept the
 _ captaincy on trial. Partridge didn t show up _tﬂl

-- Iiearly nine. There was a mob of small political
_ and others waiting to buttonhole him, and
-__, R was some time before George got a chance to

‘ I peak with him. At length Partridge called him,

"over and asked him what decision he had arrived

-4 at. .

g’ j “I'll accept your offer conditionally, sir.:’

“All right. What are the conditions?’ '

“That if I ﬁnd I can't handle the district_ as

anll as I think I ought to you will accept my’ Uh‘

‘mediate resignation." .
“I don't think you'll have any trouble making

good. "Have you seen Murray?”

.‘—‘Yes, sir.” -

.. ‘‘H’e1?u,t’you up to the ins and outs of the job,

didnt e.' * '

' “He did." _ _ _ 9"

“He didn't say anything to discourage you.

— ‘No, sir."

““Come into the office.” _ _

,.Stanton followed the leader into his sanctum.

‘yhere the secretary had his desk. and 011!‘ hero

was ‘duly enrolled as captain of the-_——— election

ﬂigtrict of. the assembly fdistigct, ther :1)-

' tment totake effect in a eW aYS- _ _“5

rge Stantontook his first step up the polltlcﬁl

Hdder, which eventually was to prove a ladder

of fame to him.

 

-_." CHAPTER XIII.—-‘,0n Nahant Point. I

On the first of August Stanton was twenty and
' received a three weeks’ vacation. He went di-
> tly to Shoreham and spent the first week with

is mother. The other two Weeks Flossie OX-
Eted him to spend in her society at the Deer-

agghusetts . Althou h George had had little
 '—do with 3:55 for threge years, he had not for-
 ” n his old time skill in handling a sailboat.
.The’ Gull had been leased to a ﬁsherman during
. " young owner's absence, but the boy easily ob-
 possession of her for a fortnight s use, as
' « ',..intended to sail over to_ Sandwich _Beach_in
, {and use the craft for little excursions with
. I ' as the chief, if not sole, attraction.
“As Mrs. Stanton had also been lnV|ted l’-°
V’ the balance of the season at the Deering
. ,... lclgtggﬁ, she prepared to accompany her
’ on t 11 - ‘
‘ ell, mother, are you all ready_‘."’ asked
-— at nine o'clock on Monday 1_n°Fn_ll'I8. 88 he
downstairs with his sultcaseY1n his hand-
’ ‘m son,” she replied.‘ “ on may 0817)’
.:allytrunk down to__the boat. ﬂndnby the
you return I will have M! T0345’-
‘ teen minutes later the ull left- her wharf
headed for the int. An hour and a nalf
"she was‘ oﬂ’ n Island, with its 318?
use sliining in the morning sunshine. It
“ _noon-when they passed_to the south
{SWIG 'sxI'd. the big bay. The
iigiic ops it:l?*_§' when the':GuI1

  

   

  

  

’,JtNm;eweF®eg,

 

cottage at Sandwich Beach, Nahant, on Mas-.

  
 

a~ - I THE LADDER or FAME - 15

“At this rate it will take us half the afternoon
to reach the beach," said George impatiently. “I
guess we’d better pipe to lunch, mother. What
have you got in the provision basket?"

“Some sandwiches, a small pie and a piece of
cake, with a bottle of milk.”

“All right. Spread ’em out on the half-deck.
I'll tie the tiller so as to keep her head to the
wind and then we'll lunch. This is like old
times. To say; the truth, although I haven't been
out here in t ree years, and that's a good long
time, it seems as if it was only yesterday that
I put in at Swamscott to escape a heavy blow,
because I was loaded down with fish and didn't
want to lose any overboard.”

About one o'clock the breeze freshened,‘ much
to the boy's satisfaction,» and the Gull made a
dash for_ Sandwich Beach, which was in plain
view. Nahant is a bold promontory connected
with the mainland bfn-arrow ridges of sand and
stone thrown up by the ocean. It was once the

most fashionable watering-place in New England, ’

but after the destruction of the big hotel on the
point the tide of pleasure-seekers went elsewhere, V
largely to Swamscott. The Deerings liked Sand-
w_ich Beach because it had all the advantages

and none of the disadvantages of a summer re- ‘

sort. The long beach was hard and smooth,
shelving -gently and with a splendid surf. The
picturesque cottages and villas gave it a gay ap-
pearance. It was three o'clock when the Gull"
pulled in at a wharf, and George made her se-
cure. It was but a short walk from there to the
Deering cottage, and the two visitors were re-
ceived by their friends with open arms. George
and Flossie took a short walk together, and final-
ly joined the afternoon bathers. After disporting
a short time in the very light surf they dressed
and reached the cottage in time to dress for
dinner. After the meal every one sat out on the
veranda until .it began to grow dark, when George
and Flossie once more wandered 03 together. This
time their stroll led them toward the rocky bluff,
which rears its head 150 feet above the level of
the bay. - ‘

“Do you know, George, it seems ages and ages
ago that I first saw you on Coﬂin Island,” the
girl said, as she clung to the boy's arm.

“Why, it's only three years."

"They are three very long years.”

»“They hav'en’t seemed so long to me. I was
remarking to mother, while we were eating our
lunch within plain sight‘ of this beach, that -if
apilieared almost like yesterday when I was last
s'ai ing in these waters aboard the Gull. Then I
was merely an,every-day boatman with no pros-
pects. Now I hope I‘ am on the highroad to fame
and fortune." .

“Why. are you really looking forward to be-
coming famous some day‘!”, she asked, with a
smile. . _ ‘

"Why not’! I think it’: a great thing to make
a name for yourself as well as inerewealth. I
should like to be something above the average.
For instance, if L could became President of the

United States, it would suit me very well indeed.” .~ ' I

“Why, the ideal" and the girl gave utterance

-to a :1;pi:hli1‘if?.laugh. “Do you really aspire up 

high

 

-“Wen.  as en ---:t- ;

 

 
 

 

 
  
    
 
    

       
        
             
 
  

  

 

,  fflt  no diﬁerenoe who I am, but it’ will

16 ' THE LADDER OF FAME

"you may hit something worth while. For in-
stance, if I found it unattainable to get myself
elected President-I shouldn’t turn up my nose at
a Governor-ship. If that was out of my reach I
wouldn’t refuse to become a Senator if the posi-
tion was ollered to me.”

“And if you ‘couldn't get that?” she asked ro-
guishly.

“I’d take anything I could get to begin with,
of course; but in the end the office of a United
States Senator would be what I should covet.”

“Then you’d have to live in Washington.”

“For a part of the time, yes. I suppose that
would suit you, wouldn’t it?”

“Me! Why, what would I ”

“You’d have to live where Yhur husband did.”

“My husband!” she exclaimed in some confu-
sion.

“That’s what I said. I thought it was under-
stood between us that you were going to marry
me some day. Have you changed your mind?”

Flossie blushed and looked down on the sand.

_“Are you sure that you really want me to?”
she asked softly.

“Say, Flossie, howamany times do you want me
to answer that question? Nearly a year ago, a

_ few nights before you started for your boarding-
school, I told you that you were the only girl in‘

the wide world that I cared for. I meant it, just
as I mean it now, and as I shall mean it a year or
a dozen years for that matter, from now. Of
course if you want to back out you’ve a ri ht to
do it. If you’ve seen some fellow you like ter
than me——”

“But I haven’t, George,” Flossie protested, with
burning cheeks.

“Well, I'm glad to hear it, for I shouldn’t care
a rap whether I lived or not if you went back on

I)

“I'll never ”

She broke off with a suppressed scream as two
men suddenly jumped out into the path before
them from behind the shelter of the rocks at the
extreme end of the point which they had uncon-
sciously reached. The actions of the two men
were decidedly menacing. That, coupled with the
fact that this s was the most lonesome at that
hour in all N ant, made the encounter partic-
ularly unpleasant. -

“What do you want?” demanded Stanton, draw-
ing luck  pulling Flossie behind him.

‘fWhatever you've got about you,” replied the

' foremost stranger roughly.

The voice sounded strangely familiar to his

ears, and he_ peered through the gloom at the

speaker.
“Is this a hold-up?” he asked coolly.

“You can call it what you please. Hand over

your money and other valuables, or we'll make .

things mighty unpleasant for you and the lady."

“I think we've met before, and that your name
is'Jim Redmond,” said Stanton, not at all dis-
mayed 'by the threatening aspect of the situa-
tion

The man uttered an oath. ‘
“Who are you?” he snarled, taking a step for-

. ward and seizing the boy by the arm.

Stanton shook his arm off. .

   

make a whole lot of difference to you and your
associate if you don't sheer oﬂ' and leave us
alone.” .

“Show a glim, Phil, and let’s see who this chap
is," he said sharply.

The speaker’s companion struck a matdi, and
as the light ﬂared up Stanton recognized not only
Jim Redmond, but his brother Phil also, Both

of them looked to be in pretty hard luck. The '

ﬂash of the match also served to bring George’:
face, and Flossie’s, too, into bold relief for an
instant.

George Stanton and Flossie Deering, by all
that's lucky!” exclaimed Jim Redmond, with
something like a note of triumph in his tones.

CHAPTER XIV.—The Triumph of the Red-
monds.

As the match ﬂared out and the gloom of night
enveloped the four ﬁgures once more, Jim
mond grasped his brother by the arm and held
a whispered consultation. Stanton, paying no
further attention to the intruders, drew Flossie’s
arm within his-own and started to leave the spot.
But they had barel taken a dozen steps before
Jim and Phil Re mond followed with rapid
strides and placed themselves in a position to cut
oﬂ’ their retreat.
meant mischief, prepared to defend himself an
Flossie. He was a strong and stalwart youth,

and was conﬁdent he would be able to beat oﬂ ‘V
-both of these men in a hand-to-hand conﬂict un-

less they were armed, and he did not think they
were.

“Stand back!” he exclaimed in a determined
tone. “If you lay a hand on either of us it will
be at your own risk.” .

“You talk big, young fellow,” laughed Jim Red- -

mond tauntin-gly; “buty‘ou'll ﬁnd that wind don‘t
go down with us. We both owe you a grudge of
longstanding. You did me out of a fortune and
my brother out of a job and 1; ad of money.

Now the time has come when you'v got to square '

up, see?”

“You ought ‘to have been grateful that 

Deering did not prosecute you for robbing hi!
brother of that red pocketbook. In any case it
would have done you little good. The piece ct
parchment which you thought so valuablo
amc_:;1n,ted to nothing, for there was no writing
on 1 . ‘

The man laughed mockingly.

“It was of value to me. Perhaps Deering has

saved it as a curiosity; if so, he can hand it over '~

to me with a few bones that we need in exchange
for his niece.”

“What do you mean, you rascal?” cried Stan-
ton angrily.

“I mean that now, we see a chance of getting

hold on the old man we're goin' to make the most,

of it. This young lady will go with us and stay
with us till her uncle antes up the parchment and‘,

Stanton, seeing that the‘ S "f

a thousand plunksy Then we’ll let her go. A: ~
for you we'll let you of!’ this time so you can-."

carry our message to him, and you can thank
your lucky stars that I’ve changed mygmind Illﬂ
layin’ 3'6“ 0.|1t-’’. , ‘ _ " ,.-,3?

   
   
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  

On hearing these words Flossie clung in terror
to her companion’s arm. '

“Don't be frightened, Flossie,” whis ered
George reassuringly. “These rascals an’t
molest you aslong as I can revent_ it, and I
fancy they'll have their hands . I trying to pol-
ish me oﬂ.”

The gaunt and haggard appearance of ‘the Red-
mond brothers had given the boy the idea that.
they were not as formidable as they looked, and
consequently he believed he was a match for them
both. But Stanton underestimated his opponents,
as he presently discovered to his chagrin. Their
desperate situation, and the prize they saw within
easy reach nerved the two rascals to com lete
their purpose at all hazards. While Phil -
mond advanced to secure Flossie, Jim Redmond
closed with Stanton. The girl uttered a thrilling
scream, while George made a plucky ﬁght in her
defense. Phil dragged Flossie away from her
young protector, clapped one hand over her
mouth to stiﬂe her cries, and then b‘ore her off
' out of sight around the bluﬁ. Stanton, furious
at the success that seemed to be attending the
scoundrels, fought with all the energy he was
capable of, beating Jim Redmond ahnost to _a
standstill and preventing him from making his
escape. But at the moment victory was in his
grasp his foot slipped on the damp rocks and he
went down head foremost, striking his forehead
« a blow against a sharp rock that partially stun-

’ , ned him. Jim Redmond, his face puffed and
bleeding from the pummeling he had received.
"took instant advantage of the opportunity thus
afforded him, and when Stanton pulled himself
together a minutelater his antagonist had disap-

“The rascals!” he muttered, as he got upon his
feet and wiped the trickling blood away from his
orehead. “They've carried Flossie of. But they
’t escape me as long as I have breath in my
body. I'll follow them and wrest her from their
grasp at every hazard.”
1 He knew that Jim Redmond must have followed
his brother around the bluff. That was their only
‘safe, path to escape observation for the time being
at any rate. But by following close upon
‘heels he did not see how they could ultima
. make good their escape, burdened with their fair

- prisoner.
The fact that they might have a boat at hand
 Tgite escaped him. The boy hastened to follow
~ wlun’ he gidged to be the track taken by the
' ijllains. e jumped from rock to rock and s
across little patches of sand until at last, after
rounding the bluff, he came in sight of them
' ' They were standing close _to the water’s
, and one of them was bending down and
named to be pulling on something. As Stanton
dashed forward, with blood in his eye, he saw
--tin Jim Redmond had the painter of a rowboat
ih his hands, while his brother was in the act of
stepping into the boat with Flossie in his arms.
35¢ girl had ceased to struggle, and from the
gpedtion of her head, which lay inertly upon Phil’s
  it was apparent she had fainted. With
about of anger, George rushed at them. Jim
” » his head at the moment, andweeing how
‘Stanton was, he gave the boat a shove oﬂ.
ifew feet and apron‘: into her. ‘Then

   

THE LADDER OF FAME

again until I fetch . 3
' After midnght thebreeze freshened a bit. and _ *

17

seizing the‘ oars, he began to row toward a small
sloop that lay a short distance out upon the
throbbing waters.

“Come back, you Scoundrels!” shouted the boy
furiously dashing into the surf as though he had
a mind to swim after the boat.

A mocking laugh from Jim Redmond, that was
echoed by his brother, was the only response he
received. It would have been a vain and fool-
hardy attempt for George to have made any fur-
ther effort to overhaul the boat, for she was now
a dozen yards from the shore, in deep water, and
the sturdy arms of Jim Redmond was rapidly
widening the distance. He could only stand there,
almost up to his waist in the boiling surf, and
watch the abductors of Flossie glide up alongside
the sloop, lift the unconscious girl on board and
follow themselves. Jim attached the rowboat'a
painter'to a cleat on the stern-rail, while his
brother carried Flossie into the small cabin
where he left her and returned to help Jim haul
up the sails. They then both went forward and
lifted the anchor by means of a small drum wind-
lass, when the sloop’s head fell oﬂ, and she drift-
ed aiway under the inﬂuence of the tide and light
win .

As soon as the anchor was on deck, Jim went
to the tiller and put the craft on a course that
would carry them up along the northern shore of
Massachusetts Bay. Stanton groaned as he
watched the sloop gather headway, and ﬁnally
disappear in the,gloom of the night.
that the rascals had the best of him, and that he
was powerless to interfere further with whatever
iniquitous project they had in mind.

“My heavens!" he ejaculated, almost despair-
ingly. “To think those two rufﬁans have Flossie
in their power. How she will "suﬂer when she
comes to her senses! Can I do nothing to rescue
her? Nothing to defeat the villains?”

Suddenly, like an inspiration from heaven, an
idea ﬂashed across Stanton’s brain. His boat
was at the wharf a mile below. She was an un-
usually fast craft for her size. He would follow
the Redmonds in Ler. Fifteen minutes later he
jumped on board the Gull, cast loose the sails,
hoisted them and cast off from the wharf. Then
he headed the sailboat for Nahant Point.

O

' CHAPTER XV.—The Chase of the Sloop.

_When Stanton ﬁnall weathered the point he
didn't believe that the edmonds were more than
a couple of miles ahead of him. He followed the
same tack he had observed them take, at approx-
imately the same distance from the shore. The
wind was so light that George fumed with im-
patience, since the Gull made very little headway
as the moments dragged slowly by.

“The folks must be wondering what has become

of Flossie and I,’’ thought the boy as he struck‘

a match, looked at his watch and noted that it
was nearly eleven. “I’m_sorry ndw that I didn't

delay long -enough to send a note to Mr. Deering, .

brieﬂy explaining matters. Well, it cannot be‘rc-
medied now. The won’t see anything of me
ossie back with me.” ‘

 

He saw,

  

 ' more alert than ever.

  

 

r 13 

the Gull made better progress. The sloop, how-
- ever, had the same advantage, the only question
being which boat covered the most water. All

, night long Stanton sat with the tiller in his hand,

every once and a while straining his eyes into the
night in the hope that he might catch sight of the
chase. The gray light of morning at last began
to lighten up the sky, and George now became
A thin mist lay upon the
surface of the water, which prevented the boy
from making anything out at a greater distance
than ﬁfty or sixty yards. At a little before ﬁve
the sun peeped above the distant watery horizon,
and the mist began to melt and scatter under its
warm rays. The first thing Stanton saw was the
shore about half a mile away on the left; then
as the seascape broadened he made out the sloop
he was in quest of. She was a mile and _a half
ahead, and half a mile further out. The pos-
sibility that he might be mistaken in his identity
was small, as she showed a new white patch on
her mainsail, a mark he had particularly noticed
as she got under way off the point. George se-
aured the tiller’ and went down into the cabin to
get a small telescope which was strapped to the
forward end of the cuddy. Returning with this
to the cockpit, he levelled it at the distant sloop,
and then all doubt was set at rest, for he easily
recognized Jim Redmond seated at the tiller. Phil
Redmond was not in sight, so the boy guessed
he was taking a snooze below. There were quite
a number of four-and-afters to be seen in dif-
ferent directions, most of them making directly
for Boston. Jim did not seem to pay any atten-
tion to the Gull, which was trailing him, as he
had not the slightest suspicion that Stanton was
a. foot nearer than N ahant at thatmoment. Thus
an hour passed by and the two boats, under a
better breeze, were drawing closer to each bther,
whifch showed that the G111 was easily the faster
cra t.

The wind continued to freshen since sunrise,
and at seven o’clock the sailboat had cut down
the space between her and the sloop by half a
mile. The Gull was now going along at a lively
pace over the sparkling water. Though a little

' I ray broke over the half-deck at times, not a

p came as far as the cockpit. The wind was
abaft the beam and the sail hardly needed any.
attention. There was a short boathook, which
made a formidable weapon in the hands of a res-
olute person, lashed under the seat which circled
the cockpit, and George cut it loose so as to have
it at hand for instant use.
run alongside the sloop, board her and trust to
hick to do up the Redmonds. It was a risky pro-
eeeding in light of the odds against him, but he
was in that mood that nothing short of a couple
at loaded weapons pointed directly at his head
would have caused him to waver in the part he
had marked out for himself. At eight o'clock the
sloop was less than three-quarters of a mile from
the Gull, and George noticed that Jim Redmond
cast frequent glances at her, though he appeared

' as" yet to have no suspicions‘ as to her true char- .
n utter; .By' peeping under the boom once in a
P while George was able to note what was going

on board of the sloop. Presently he saw that
had. dine on deck and was teasing the sail-
,ﬁntl1-. sloop was ‘so.  a mile

    

  
 

 

: .

His intention was to '

continued on its way out_to

' THE LADDER OF FAME

in advance when Stanton, taking another look at
-her, saw Flossie step out of the cabin and look
around. Phil went up to her presently and spoke
to her, pointing toward the cabin. Flossie ob-
jected to going below again, and kept her eyes
on the Gull, which it was possible she had identi-
ﬁed, as.she had sailed in the boat with George
many times. Phil went up to his brother and
spoke to him. Then Stanton noticed that Jim
‘altered the sloop’s course so that she began to
stand out to sea. That move compelled Stanton
to disclose his true colors. He moved the tiller
over and pointed the Gull's bow directly for the
chase. Of course, the Redmonds discovered at
once that they were being followed, and they
showed considerable excitement. Flossie, too,
took a sudden interest in the proceedings, and
began to wave her handkerchief at the Gull. The
new point of sailing proved to be advantageous
to the sailboat, and she closed in very fast now
on the sloop. It wasn't long before the two boats
were within speaking distance .of each other.

The Redmonds now were able to make out Stan-
ton at the tiller of the pursuing craft, and Flos-
sie made that pleasing discovery at the same mo-
ment. Phil grabbed Flossie and tried to force her
below, but the girl was equally determined that
she would not go down into the cabin again, for
she put‘ up a strenuous fight against it, strug-
gling with all her might against the man. -Phil
could easil have overcome her if he had wanted
to be roug enough, but he was evidently‘ afraid
to hurt her, for fear of future consequences, so
he soon found he had his hands full in trying: to
get her down the short companion-way.. In some
way, when the Gull was within ﬁfty feet of the
sloop, Flossie managed to escape from Phil’:
B’1‘8_SPy and then she jumped on to the roof of the
cabin and ran forward. Phil looked after her a
moment, and then, evidently making up his mind
that she must be recovered and secured below,‘
whether she would or not, he leaped on the cabin.
too, and started for her. Flossie uttered a scream
when she saw him coming, and ﬁnding herself
cornered deliberately sprang overboard as he
reached out to grab her.

‘,‘My gracious!" cried Stanton, in dismay;
heading the sailboat directly for the spot when

.she had gone down, and grabing up the boat. _

hook. The sloop, with the aghast Redmondii, ﬂew’
on her way without making any attempt to come
about to her rescue.
a few yards ahead of the Gull, and with wonder-
ful presence of mind she began to swim for the
sailboat. Stanton threw his boat up into the
wind, and as she drifted toward the girl he held
out the boathook toward her. When it came
within her reach she grasped it, and George
drew her close to the side of the boat, so that
he could reach her with his hands. _

“Let 0 of the book now, Flossie; I've
safe," hi said, catching her by one of b 

She obeyed obediently. Then with both his
arms he drew her, dripping like a nymph of the‘
waters, into the cockpit.
around his neck and sobbed out:

“Dear, dear George!” and fainted dead awéy.‘ -.}

The sloop ‘containing the

1

     

     
 

‘Flossie came to the surface ‘

S‘.

 

She threw her arms, 3‘ G‘

 
    

   
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
    
  
 
    
   
    
    
   
   
  

CHAPTER XVI.—Two Hearts With But
a Single Thought.

With the Gull to look after, and an unconscious
girl on his hands, Stanton was ‘in a quandary.
He allowed the sailboat to drift and attended to
» ~ Flossie. By chaﬁng her hands _and temples and
-‘ Vf dashing a tin cupful of water into her face. he
’ succeeded at last in bringing her to her senses-
‘ “Now, Flossie,” he said at last, “you will get
cold if you stay out here in your wet clothes. Go
down into the cuddy, remove all of your garments
 and cover yourself up in the blankets of one of

' the bunks. You'll have to stay there till we get
back to Sandwich Beach, which won’t take long
in this smacking breeze.”

‘- “Yes, George; but do tell me
’ managed to overtake that vessel.”
Seeing that she was determined to know all

about her rescue before she went into the cuddy,

* Stanton gratiﬁed her curiosity _in as few words as

- possible. Flossie then went mto the cuddy, he

' abut the slide over until she -had had a reasonable
time to take on her dripping garments and turn

-into the bunk, and then he opened it up again to

give her plent of air. George could dimly make

out her had rom where he sat at the tiller, and

e  m managed to carry on a. conversation, though

'. - naturally had to speak in a louder key than

 ordinary. It took about two hours for the Gull

. to run up the coast to Sandwich Beach. There

’ was quite a crowd on the wharf when the boy

'*’ sun the sailboat in and made fast to the inner
wide of the pier. Gorge ‘wrote a brief note to

_ ‘int. Deering and sent it over to the cottage by a

moose . In a short time, Mr. and Mrs. Deer-

ing 3; servant, with a bundle of clothes for

 Flossie, came down to the wharf and went on

5 1board the Gull. While Mrs. Deering was in the

xubin attending to Flossie, George told Mr. Deer-

-ing the story of their thrilling little adventure.

. “The miserable scoundrels!” commented the
.. :Boston merchant, with considerable feeling. “To

A’ jabduct our Flossie in that high-handed manner.

" You're a plucky boy, George, and you have placed

 a debt of atitude we shall not forget.

We were up all nig t in a state of anxious sus-
nse over your and Flossie's absence. When the

$11 was reported missing from the wharf we

naturally thought you had taken Flossie out for

ea sail, and we felt somewhat relieved until mid-

night ame and you did not return. As the wind

was v light we believed you had got almost
becsluﬂof! shore; but still we were very anxious

, as ‘the hours went by  there_was no sign of

 After sunrise this morning we became

‘ roughly alarmed when t e two men we had

*-~ on the bluﬂ to look out for the sailboat r_e-

 with the word that she was nowhere in

1» night. We could not understand it, and I tele-

xraphed up and down the coast—over to Swam-

 down to Marblebead and other nearby places
my eagerness to obtain some trace of_ e Gull.

i. thank heaven, everything is all right MOW;

wehave had a great shock.” ,

"  way. Ir.Deering, what ha.v_e'you done
. 01. l

 

first how‘ you

 

L



 
 

THE LADDER OF FAME

_the State prison for a term of years.

’ tfthatwas inyour -thetotal

' |

19

“ltris still in the wallet in my house safe. Why
do you ask?”

“Because Jim Redmond was going to include
that in the price of Flossie's ransom.”

"Of what use would it be to him? I suppose he
thinks, as we did at first, that it contains some
secret writing.” ‘

“I told him that the parchment was no use
that it was entirely blank; but he laughed, as i '
that fact did not disturb him. Do you think there
is some secret about it that he is acquainted with,
but which you and I could not see through at the
time we examined it?”

“It is possible. I will re-examine it carefully
when I get a chance, and see if I can make any-
thing out of it."

“It would be a good idea, sir, for I think there
must be something in the parchment, after all.”

Flossie and her mother now came out of the
cuddy, and the entire party started for the cot-
tage. Next day Mr. Deering went to Boston in
thelittle excursion steamer and swore out a war-
rant against the Redmond brothers for abduction.
It was three weeks before they were caught by
the detective, who spent that time searching for
them. They were jailed and subsequently brought
to trial, when Stanton had to come on from New
York to appear against them. The jury’ found
them guilty of the crime and they were sent W
In
meantime George spent a very enjoyable 1’.
weeks at Nahant with the Deerings and tool
Flossie out many times on the Gull. The Sunday
night before he left he interviewed Mr. Deering,
with Flossie's permission, on the subject nearest.
both their hearts, and obtained the merchant's-
consent to their engagement. So he and Flossie
were now deﬁnitely engaged, with the ‘under-
standing that their marriage was to come off after
three years. He bought his sweetheart a lovely
diamond ring in New York when he got there and
sent it on to her.

_ CHAPTER XVII.—Conclusion.

When Stanton returned from his vacation he
was enthusiastically welcomed back to New York
by all his friends in Harlem. The primary elec-
tion was coming on and Partridge ‘was confront-
ed with on opponent. a well-known young lawyer,
for the leadership of the assembly district; con-
sequently he looked to all his captains to do their
best to have him reelected for the ensuing year.
He sent for Stanton as soon as he heard, he was
back in town and had a heart-to-heart talkwith
him on the subject. The boy promised to sea

that he got the majority of the votes to be caﬂ « '

by the part voters in is election district, He
kept his word, induced the bulk of those entitled
to vote at the primary to come forward and t
in a ballot for Partridge, and thus carried his
district for the regular leader by an overwhelm-6'

ring majority. Partridge, who was re-elec

complimented his new captain on his showing an
thanked him for the earnestness and zeal he
displayed in his interest. At the Nevember r ‘ 4‘
ular election George worked hard to keep 5
Murray voters in line and to add a few III re ‘
_‘ . _His success was grea
ed for, and his services. in

   

the party's  — 1

had?

tcrthan was '; V-i

 ' seeded him on the first of September.

‘taxi

   

20

Jere duly lauded at a meeting of the General

Committee, on which occasion he was called on
the platform and presented with a diamond
stick pin as a prize reward in consideration of
the fact that his district had made the best
showing out of the ﬁfty-three in the assembly
district. At the social club election just before
Christmas Stanton was elected secretary by a
unanimous vote, and assumed the office when he
returned to New York after spending the holidays
at his home in Shoreham.

Late in the month of May William Miller, the
manager of the New York office, was taken seri-
ously ill. As soon as the news was communicated
to Mr. Deering he notiﬁed Stanton to assume
charge of the branch until Mr. Miller was ﬁt to
resume his duties. This threw a lot of extra

-work and responsibility on Geor-ge’s shoulders,

but he was equal to the emergency, and business
went on with the regularity of clockwork. Mr.
Miller returned to the office in season to relieve
Stanton for his regular August vacation, but.as
he was not the same man he had been before his
ﬂlness, Stanton, it was understood, would here-
Ifter help him out. , Partridge, the district leader,
lad another contest that year at the primaries,
and barely held his own, though Stanton worked
Ike a beaver in his interest. The opposition can-
didate did everything he could to win the boy
over on his side, but George was true blue and
yould not desert Partridge. The leader was
grateful to him for his exertions in his behalf
and promised to stand by Stanton if the occasion
ever presented itself. That November George
cast his first vote, and was quite pround that at
hst he had attained all the privileges of a full-
{edged American citizen. At the regular annual

,meeting of his club he was elected its president

by a good majority.

.“We’ll be putting you up for the Assembly
next,” said one of the members jokingly to him.

Stanton laughed and wondered if he ever would
see his name on a regular ballot. Flossie grad-
uated that year, and Stanton was present, with
the Deerings,‘ at the commencement exercises. He
sent his promised wife ﬂowers to bury her under.
He spent the entire mounth-of August with her at

' Sandwich Beach this time, and their wedding was

set for the middle of December. Mr. Miller hav-
ing decided to retire permanently from the man-
agement of the New York oﬁlce, Stanton suc-
Much to
George’s surprise a movement was developed that
year in the district to have him nominated for
the Assembly, but he declined to run on the
ground that the growing business of the branch
-aﬁce of the hosiery business demanded his con-
atant attention. -

In December he was married to Flossie, and
ﬂiey spent a short honeymoon in Florida. Mr.
Deering had forgotten to re-examine the piece of

xjarchment which had. remained ever since Rodney
’ Deering’s death ‘n its compartment in the red

ketbook. 7'hcii Flossie became Mrs.'George
nton he handed the wallet over to her as a
nmembrance of her father. One night George

" came in and found her looking at the blank piece

i vellum, which had also slipped his mind. He
' and‘ had made such a_ strenuous effort

I

out of her hand, and then told her how-

  

THE LADDER OF ,FAM,E - -

\
so gtit possession of it at the time of her father's_

ea .

.“What could he want with an old time-stained
piece of blank paper like that?” she asked her
husband in surprise. A 7 A

“I believe it once contained some writing, and
that the ink has faded out for good,” replied
George. “Once your uncle suggested taking it to
a chemist’s and seeing if he could revive the
ink; but he never carried this idea out."

“Let usexperiment ourselves," suggested the
young wife. “If sympathetic ink was used, heat
may bring it out.”

They went into the kitchen and a ﬂat-iron was
put on one of the burners ‘of the gas-stove.

After it had become hot enough a thin piece of
cloth_ was placed over the bit of parchment and
the iron was applied. They waited the result
with some little excitement. In a few minutes the
cloth was removed and the vellum was found to be
covered with writing. George wrote it all down
on a sheet of white paper before the vellum
cooled and the writing faded away again. It
proved to be explicit directions as to the locality
where a barrel of Spanish doubloons had been
buried in the sands of a certain cove on the Isle
of Pines, about ﬁftv miles off the southern coast
of Cuba, in the year 1665.

“This is evidently what your father meant by

your fortune, Flossie,” said George. “He obtained. '

this bit of parchment from some person who was
unable to make use of its secret himself. Strange
that your father made no effort to hunt for the
treasure, either. It is clear that Jim Redmond
in some way found out about this thing and laid
his plans to get hold of the doubloons after your
father died. To that end he stole the pocketbook
before the expected arrival of your uncle should
thwart his purpose. Only that I fortunately hap-
pened to look through the lighthouse window that
night he would have been able to have carried
out his design. Well, dear, some day we'll go
on a little trip to’ the Isle of Pines and see
whether we can unearth those Spanish coins."

It was two years before the opportunity came
for them to carry out this plan. Stanton had just
been elected to the New York Legislature, and
he concluded to take a winter vacation. So he

and Flossie made up a little party for a, Carib. ,

bean trip, a rich friend having loaned Stanton
his schooner-yacht.

and Flossie suddenly found herself worth $20,o0o
fquite a little fortune in its way. Once in poi-
iti_cs, Stanton became more popular than ever.
His name was now frequently mentioned in ti...-
newspapers, and always to his advantage. Twi

years later he was ,elected a. State Senator by $3 .-

very large majority from the Harlem Senatoi-i:-i
district in which he lived. He has since been
re-elected three times, and may be said to carry

The barrel of coin was dis- .'
covered in the spot described in the parchment. ~

his district in his vest,p0cket, so solid is he in"

that quarter.
satisfied, for he hopes some day to represeﬁt New
York State in the Upper House of Congress, and
we have no doubt but he _will get there in_timé.=-

Next week's issue will contain “on "l‘HE- ’

E I1;-}_I§EfoI. Tan ‘SUCCI-3S;VS~0F AN nouns:

Still his ambition is but partial“; 

1.“.

    
 

      
  
  
     
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
     
     

I‘ CURRENT

HARNESSES SUN’S HEAT

Marcel Moreau. of San Francisco. announced he
had found a way of harnessing the sun’s heat.
e declared that, working from. experiments
ited to Archimedes and Buffon hundreds of
' s“ago, he had succeeded in devising a com-
izination of little mirrors set in a bowl about four
{out in diameter, which, when focused through a
mber of small lenses, would produce tremen-
qgms heat from the sun’s light. He said he could
‘regulate the heat produced to the exact degree
dosiréﬁ

,.

ﬁoreau ‘claims to have produced with his Ama-
sufﬁcient to melt a diamond and cause it to
pear as gas. ‘ '

A MOTHER ROOSTER

Vames Ryan, who was mounted order-Ivy during
World War to Gen. John J. Pershing, and

is now a resident of Silver Spring, Md., is,

1-ding.to his own statement, the owner of a

«r Island Red‘ rooster which is essaying the

elect a mother to a brood of twenty-two Rhode

W FAlVIE AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 

NEWS

Island chicks. The mother was accidentally killed. " —
and the rdoster, realizing the predicament of the ‘
orphans, promptly began to take the mother’:
place. Not only does the rooster cover the chicks

by night, but hunts food and otherwise cares for
them by day. ,

DOGS IN MOCCASINS

After the first severe freeze at the beginning‘
of winter a band of prospectors working‘ in:
Northern Canada found themselves on the wrong‘, '
side of a lake over a hundred miles wide, on the
other side of which was the winter headquar-'
ters. They were ‘without any means of trans- “
portation other than a boat in which was stored‘
all their belongings and provisions. I-Iiring.a'.
halfbreed with his dog team, they put runners‘ v~
under the boat and made their way easily and’: I w
safely across the smooth miles of frozen water, , 
helping along the dogs by setting a sail on the
boat. To protect the feet of the dogs from the
hard surface of the ice, small moccasins of buck-“
skin, well padded, were provided for each.

 

..~ A

        
      
    
   
    
   
       
    
   
     
  

‘iMYS'I'ERY

’,'.\

the new department entitled

  

  

You will like the short
entures and‘my_steries:

 f‘TURNED

  

-swindlers,‘ entitled

es in Aut9§,":

 
 

‘E a ‘GREAT DETECTIVE sromssz
MAGAZINE” No. 157 CONTAINS mm
..»GET A COPY AND READ THE FEATURE STORY

4! ‘‘A_.QUESTION OF KICK”

. _ . By EUGENE JONES‘ ‘ . 
. Learn what your handwriting shows about your character and qualiﬁcations

‘ “WI'IAT HANDVVRITING, REV.EAI.S”
' Conducted by LOUISE RICE - ‘
stories. They are ﬁlled with exciting detective ad-is

FSOLITAIRE‘ DOWNES PASSES» OUT,” by Edgar Daniel Kramer
“THE MYSTERY OF THE ICE KING,” by‘ Mont Hurst
; ‘THE BLACK PEARLS OF SYD NEY,” by Hugh Thomason
“THE BOASTER’S REWARD.” by Dale D. Kier
AROUND,” by Nelson A.— Hutto
. Then there’s a V ﬁne two-part serial entitled \_
“WITH EYES AND NOSE”
.. '. ' . # By RALPH E. DYAR ’ = - 
no a special article by, POLICE-CAPTAIN HOWARD exposing the tricks of: *

~ J “THE FLIM-FLAM ARTIST”

' y I pytoiall this there are numerous short articles suclras “A Bandil t 

ll

 

x

    
 
    

   

, Cashier’ -Bi.c,ln’t ~ ow -~Her"» “At-‘E?
».  T’ ‘ '3 ‘J .  ””_w,

  

Ispﬂred

3‘

 22
Rob and the Reporters
- . ’Hustling for W:ar0lr"Je—ws by Wireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER VI.
On The Belgian Frontier.

Sure enough, there was a cruiser bearing down
upon them.

“Bless me, Rob, it's enough to give one the
. creeps, cried Edith, in her lively fashion.
.v~ “Why in thunder don’t she show her colors?"
_. , stioned Walter, as he studied the cruiser
' igﬁough his glass.

'. . “Waiting for us, I suppose,” replied Rob.
‘ ‘Edith, do you notice how thick it is oif to star-

board?" . . _

a fog bank, that's what it is,” replied
; dithif ""See, Captain Tucker has taken the wheel
ﬁmse .

‘ ' ‘Yes, and he is changing his course,” declared
Walter. “He must think she is a German."
‘ All doubt was dispelled inside of the next ten
minutes, when the cruiser ran up the German

She was now within range of the Sterling Cas-
|ﬂe, which was now running at increased .

Suddenly there was a pull’ of smoke, an‘ a shot
,-came whizzing across the bow.

» “You folks better get below," shouted the cap-

 ytain. “That means show your colors, and it’:

~ just what I’m not going to do.”

P ‘ “We'll get behind the chart house,” called 

 “If it gets too hot we’ll go below,”

A second and third shot quickly followed. The
second fell short of the steamer; the third struck
:. V her amidships, but did no damage. ‘ .,
=f:. : . A moment later they ran into the fog.

‘ ’ It was the last they saw of the German, much
to everybody's relief, and it was also the last
notable incident of the voya e.

’ Captain Torrence safely ocked his steamer at
Liverpool.

“Shall we stick together, Rob, or would ‘ion
sooner get rid of me?" asked Waflter, as ey
were preparing to go ashore.

“What do 'ou ask such a question for?” re-
plied Rob. “ f course we want you with us, don't
we, Edith?" .

“Decidedly,” she assented. “As long as we are
traveling the same road, why not?"

‘ _. “So they ran up to London together, where th
uigaged rooms at _a quiet hotel near the Stran

_- It was late in the day when Rob and his friends
_ x London, too late to present his letters of
 iﬁtroduetion, so the evening was devoted to such
7 . win as could _be done.

' ' * ‘ next morning Rob called

-, '3". ,

        

   

“PW 3°‘?

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

eral prominent newspaper men and presented his
letters.

He was civilly received, but all save one, a Mr.
Barker, assured him that it would be simply im-
possible for Edith to enter gium, adding that
war correspondents were not only barred out all
along the line, but such as had attempted to force
their way to the front had been arrested by the
English and French, and in several instances shot
by the Germans.

But Mr. Barker took a different view.

“There is only one way for Miss Morley, and
that is to rim over to Holland in some private
yacht," he "declared. “As for you and your
friend, Mr. Randall, it is possible that I can be of
service to you. I will certainly try. I am willing
to do anything to oblige Mr. Torrence. Is*Miss
Morley able to bear the expense of engaging a .
yacht?"

“Oh, yes,” answered‘ Rob. "She is well pro-
vided with cash. Can she make her way into
Belgium from Holland?”

“Impossible to say. How far is Durelle from
the Dutch border?”

“About twenty-eight miles. It is not on the
line of any railroad.”

“And how does she propose to travel?”

“She intends buying a small car, if one can he
had. I suppose it will be impossible .to hire one.”

“Quite; but she may be able to buy one. Go
back to the hotel and remain there. I shall take
the matter right up with a certain prominent
government otlicial. If he refuses to help it will
not be possible for you boys to get to the front.”

“I suppose it would be useless to try to take
a camera along?"

“Absolutely. You mustn't think of such a
thing,” replied Mr. Barker, and Rob left, return--
ing to the hotel to report.

It was several hours before Mr. Barker turned .

up. . .
“It is arranged," he announced. I can secure
mi a aiacht and a captain who is willing to take

ri of running you over to Rotterdam; as
for the rest, at the last moment you, Randall, will
be handed certain dispatches to be delivered to

General Taylor of the 5th Army Corps. with a 5‘
pass for two through the British lineawhich will’-

certainly be respected. You go as special mes-
sengers trom the government. You, Mr. Dough
lass, had _better pose as Randall's valet. As for
the rest, it is up to yourselves."

Mr. Barker was warmly thanked, and Edith
hanldfd him the money required to pay for ‘the
yac .

The arrangement was for the yacht to sail the .
ﬂrst thing in the morning.

A taxi was called, and our party went about!
the Isabel and interviewed Captain Pearson, who
dilated at length on the risk they were running.

“We are liable to be blown up by a German
mine or captured by a cruiser," he declared: “all
the same I am willing to run the risk upon the.
terms agreed. You better all come aboard this

evening. We not only want to ‘get away eadr- .«

but to attract as little attention as possible."
_This was done.
mght. '

t'rq.,be, co_ntinuediJp _ p 

They slept on the Isabel thee...“

  
     

 I

 
    

; BOY OF FIVE CATCHES TROUT AS HEAVY
" '. AS HIMSELF

. Willie Dorringer is only ﬁve years old, but he
,_~. 5' has been commended for meritorious conduct un-
‘ ‘der extraordinary circumstances. He was with
-; his father, Bill Dorringer, a Glacier National
;'"_ ' Park guide, when a huge mackinaw trout was
" {caught on a large s oon hook and a trolling line
7». in St. Mary's Lake ast summer. Willie and the
‘. ﬁsh each tipped the scales at the same notch-—
:_, 42% pounds. »

2-T. - The Bureau of National Parks has no medal
-ff-;_. dispensing department and it is doubtful if Wil-
" lie’s case comes in the Carnegie hero class. How-
ever, Willie was cited by his father for his con-
~ duct during the “splashing battle.” He obeyed
: --orders like a major, remaining quiet in the boat
during the half-hour struggle Dorringer had be-
fore he got the monster trout into the boat.

I

r.

 
 

   
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

 

IN THE CONGO WEALTH IS COUNTED BY
 WIVES
:5.’ Fresh from the wilds of Africa, Robert S.
Hill, a graduate of the South Dakota School of
Mines, has arrived in South Dakota for a visit
with relatives. It took him two months to make
the 'oumey from the interior of the Congo,
' lwhere he has been engaged in diamond mining.
He first went to.Africa in 1915.and has spent
his time there since then, except for two
k to the United States.
here yet are some really big chiefs
‘ the Congo’ where_he is engaged
Who have from 300 to 400 wives and who are
real African Kings.
‘ “They used to have the power of. life and death
or their people," said Mr. Hill. “but that has
it taken from them. However, some of them
retain‘a great deal of their authority.
‘fln the villages many of the men have several
wives. The men do practically no work except
little hunting and ﬁshing, and their wives sup-
port them. The only incentive for a man to ac-
‘ eumulate more property is to enable him to buy

{lore wives, and his wealth is reckoned by the
Jmgnbeiv of wives he has.”

I MUCH RUM SMUGGLED
Federal dry agents in the State of Washington

 
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 

'5 hat
‘Iiaties, 6,931 gallons of moonshine and bonded
Qbiakey. During the same period, copying an
f ietua check made by an employee of a Canadian
' -- house, there were smuggled down Puget
-~m - nearly 20,000 cases of liquor every month.
The whiskey seized by the V0 stead men during
entire year, assuming half the total was
ey, amounted to about 1,200 cases less than
. - - ~ - the amount smugglers brought, ac-
u-. to the alleged check, and may yet he
~ ~-«- into -the State every thirty days.
3 now deiinitelyknown that much of this
 the State’ by wayﬂof
o

    
    

- cornea into _
zcfw-It rockg 1-!-nib
. -i an

  

 
   

FAME‘ AND FORTUNE WEEKLY V
GOOD READING

year conﬁscated, according to official sta- .

.:1iO6'_W'ot-28!
. _ ‘ ~ Q‘

 

out of the water, yet large enough to acoorn—-
modate a cave for caching liquor. Others ‘are
miles in length, with natural caves, dense woods
and rivers and creeks up which small boats may
navigate.

AGE OF SUN NOW PLACED AT 2 TO 8
BILLION YEARS

The age of the sun has been fixed at some-
thing between two billion and three billion years
by Prof. '\V altei-_Ne_i-nst after researches an-
nounced at 3. meeting in Berlin of the Society for
Industrial Progress. The estimates are based in
part on the rate of decomposition of radio-active
elements. and in part on deductions from Ein-
stein’s theory of relativity concerning; the rel‘.
tion between mass and energy, says the Kansas
City Star.

Early estimates set the age of the sun as low a;
ten million years, but geologists showed this was
too short to allow for the erosion and other
changes observed in the crust of the earth since
it became solid. The radio-active (lecompositim
of uranium to lead is a more accurate cosrnle
clock, and this indicates that the solid crust of mg
earth has existed for at least one and a half bi.L.
lion.years. According to Nernst the sun while
getting past middle age, is still good for 400 000-
000 years, after which a crust will form 0’ "
surface and life such as we know it will  —\
upon the earth. ..

“MY3t¢|’Y Magazine” I
SEMI-MONTHLY 10 CENTS A copy

—F- LATEST ISSIJQB §

11 THE oi‘\'i=: CHAN _ -

iii: weapons or Hi¥‘EPIivTl’:?$i!:nl§<!4iIi\!;?i:’

153 YN RESERVE. by Frank Bimicon ‘

154 THE HOUSE on THE nocxs. iu~'.i.-in Bechdolt

The following and fIlture15lIrg:-bent: of this magqug.“

455 LAgEI?'lEnl'.\‘G Di-:A'rn's TRAIL. by .\'(‘ls Lelidy 40,.
156 THE MEDICINE DROPPER. by G. P.‘ Wilson.
A QUESTION OF KICK
By EUGENE JONES ,
~0ut Today in No. 157 
HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc, _ '
166 West 23d Street New York en,‘-_ wt,

“Moving Picture Stories” :  
A W°?U'! ll-Irlllao Devoted to PhOI.']g,. Q‘ N” i '
PRICE EIGHT CENTS PER COPY ‘u

Each miinbe co cal Th
on the SCl‘e('.n:El:§ll:I:.Hﬂl;-ele0l§:08r:?ll:St f‘lP:lnB:|'1: Fm.‘
Bllnterestéfg Articles About Prominent People ‘Elm _.
ins— ngsolActoraadAt '
and Lesson: in ‘Scenario Walittnpc nu” In an ‘an’
I

ZHABBY It wotrr.  

 
     
    

  

     
 

‘‘ constructed

'2  no longer occupies an im-

’24 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND HINTS

capacity of two condensers in series is less

the capacity’of the smaller of the two. As

the capacity is decreased the wave length will

,-be reduced. The wave length cannot be reduced

ﬂower than one-half the fundamental wave length
.of the antenna by a series condenser.

~ STATIC

Static electricity often prevails during snow-
 S as with lightning storms. Many radio

tions have observed static, accompanying
91108;; snowstorms. The antenna should be pro-
Wld with a lightning arrester or else it should
’be connected to the ground through a lightning
mwitch. Either method will protect the set as
gthe static charges are set direct to the earth.

GOOD AERIAL

We would advise the employment of a single
wire aerial 100 feet long in preference to two
wires of shorter length. In erecting your aerial
-‘it is always wise when close to another receiving
aerial to try to erect it so that it lies at right
angles to the other antenna. This will keep
down the interference from neighboring receiv-

sets. Running your lead in through porce-

tubes is a good idea, and we would advise
you to use them, keeping your lead in far away
from any obstruction.

The following is one way to make a good vario-
eoupler: Using a three and a half inch tube,
the primary should be wound with eighty turns
of number 22 single cotton covered wire, while
the secondary should consist of ﬁfty turns of
the same size wire. The primary may be tapped,
while the secondary is left just as it is. The tap-
ping process can be done in this manner: Tap
every two turns until the tenth turn is reached.
!l‘his will give you suﬁlcient inductance to carry
you up to at least 600 meters.

AUDIO FREQUENCY AMPLIFYINC? TRANS-
FORMER

Thé rapid reversing of radio frequency cur-
rents after having been changed to audio fre-
quency currents by the actions of a ‘vacuum tube

v may be ampliﬁed by the use of a transformer

called an audio frequency ‘transformer. To most

eﬂiciently amplify radio signals at audio fre- .

quencies by means of cascade vacuum tubes am-
pliﬁcation it is necessary to couple the plate cir-

i cuit of one tube to the grid circuit of the next

by means of an amplifying’ transformer. It is
generally conceded that a correctly designed and
closed core transformer is much bet-
ter and more eﬁcient than the open core or air
core ormer. '

IS THE REGENERATIVE SET ON THE
WANE?

' That is a question which is being asked and
asked often these days. With the recent progress
_’ '- ' gitisfnirtostatethattlie

   

Binding 1 is connected with the A
 Onevphoneﬁpod Ahone!8 il 

p_orta_nt osition which it did a year ago. Better
circuits ave been developed, which make for
sharper tuning, less distortion, and positively no
re-radiation. However," the regenerative circuit
has done more to bring about radio broadcasting
than any other factor. I_t was available at the
time when there was nothing else that could even
be compared with it in point of efficiency. It
permitted the construction of simple sets which
would bring in radio-phone signals from stations
many hundred miles away. It made for loud
signals, whereas, heretofore, single tubes pro-
duced barely audible signals. Nevertheless, and
despite the many ingenious tuners which have
been devised of late to give new life to the re-
generative receiver, the fact remains that re-
generative circuits are being superseded by radio
frequency, neutrodyne, superdyne, radiodyne,
super-heterodyne, and other circuits.

THE AUTODYNE RECEIVER

In this type of radio receiver a vacuum tube
is connected to the circuit in such a manner that
it not only acts as a detector of radio waves but
also generates rapidly reversing alternating cur-
rents. When doing this it is said to be oscil-
lating. By suitable arrangements of the circuit
the local oscillations can be made slightly out
of tune with the incoming oscillations. As a
result the currents combine or overlap each other
and an alternatin current reversing at audio
freoviuency is obtained. The same tube which
pr uces the local oscillations rectiﬁes the audio
frequency currents so that the sounds can be
distinguished in the telephone receivers. This
type receiver is sometimes called a self-hetro-
dyne receiver. ‘ '

A SIMPLE DEVICE

Various devices are now on the market which
make it possible ‘to connect several pairs of
phones into the plate circuit of a tube so that
more than one person can listen in on phones.

Some are more or less efficient than others but
most of them are comparatiyely expensive.

A device, however, which will serve the pur-
pose admiraby can be made at a cost of a few
cents and with very little trouble.

This consists merely of several double-termi- r
nals. Fahnstock clips mounted on a piece of

bakelite hard rubber or other such material. A ‘ '-

strip of hardwood may be used but will not be as
good as the composition material. _
The number of Fahnstock clips provided should
be one more than the number of phones which
are to be used. '_I‘wo binding posts are provided
to make connection with the binding posts at’
the set. If jacks are used instead of binding
post connections for phones, the two postsinay be,

attached to the terminals of the phone lug, insk-' 

ing it possible to plug the sets of 1: es iubfe.
sny_stago, of‘ e set. ~

       

   
 
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
      
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
     
  
  
 
  
 
 

the B end of the double-terminal 3 while
‘ other phone tip is connected with the A end
clip 4. One phone tip of the next pair of
gyhones, 9, is connected with the B end of clip
'-_C while the other phone tip of the phones is
connected with the A end of clip 5. The rest
the phones are connected in the same way.

If on a particular occasion the greatest num-
ber of phones which are to be used is three, only
tour clips, 3, 4, 5 and 6 need be used. If only
he pairs of phones are employed only clips 3,
and 5 will be needed.
If all four pairs of phones are being used the
_, Vite from binding post 2 is inserted into the B
[Ed terminal clip of clip 7; if only three pairs
"of phones are to be in use, the last pair can
-- taken out by pulling the tips of the clips
o the wire from binding post 2 can be inserted
~ - the B end of clip 6; if only two pairs of
w are to be_ used, the next pair of phones,
I, are taken out and the wire from binding
 - » 2 is inserted into the B end of clip 5 and if
‘ .. y.« one pair of phones in use the wire from
~ «-- g post 2 is connected with the B end of
p 4.
Another arrangement makes it necessary to
nnect the phones that are not in use. n
-: case additional binding posts, 12, 13 and 14,
. provided and wires shown by the dotted
-- are used to connect the binding posts with
_ ’ respective clips as shown.
‘In this case if all {die phones are in use, one
 =v terminal of the set is connected with bind-
‘ st No. 1 while the other~.is connected with
»; .g post 2. If only three pairs of phones
to be used, one binding post of the set is al-
ed to remain connected with binding post 1
the other terminal of the set is connected
. binding post 14, thus leaving the last pair
phones, 11, out of the circuit. If only two
. — of phones are required, the second terminal
the lot is connected with binding post 13
_ . if one pair of phones is desired, the second
.. is connected with binding post 12.
_ a phone plug is used in place of phone ter-
, ’ .on the set the wire from one terminal of
‘_' - plug is connected with binding post 1 while
' * V wire from the other terminal of the plug is
..... .. with the other binding posts of the
. depending on the number of phones de-
-- in the circuit.

I
.

 

_ A ONE CONTROL RECEIVER

time may be coming when a receiving set
comprise a small cabinet with one dial on
- front. This dial may be marked oﬁ, not in
A- less numbers, but with the names of the
, : it is capable of tuning in. A simple
I 2. _ .perhaps not unlike the wall switch now

 to turn-on and of the lights in a room, will
_  Ind close all battery circuits required to
 . the ﬁlaments of the vacuum tubes. When
., ‘comes about, and it undoubtedly will, any

V A . of the family should be able to operate
. ‘after a minute's instruction.
gunﬁre! operation is possible now, but\the
no  perfect. ﬂiers happens to
- ..  éunctl

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

25

nected with the operation of the one” receiver
set, yet seldom are these functions corelated sufﬁ-~
ciently to permit of their adjustment through 3
single control.

One of the receivers designed on the one kn0_b
principle is here explained. If ‘the parts in this
set are selected with care and assembled prop-
erly according to the best radio engineering prin--
ciples, the resulting outﬁt will function surpris-
ingly well. But it is far from perfect in its
action and, strictly speaking, is not a single con-
trol unit. The set depends for its success on the
employment of regeneration and the ﬁne con-
trol of this action must-sometimes be taken care
of by moving the resistance which determines the
heating of the ﬁlament wire.

Then, too, while the receiver will operate prop-
erly over a wave length, say of 360 to 450 meters,
any attempt to bring in stations on ‘a higher or
lower wave length fails, due to the erratic action
of the tube. The latter oscillates and_ stops os_cil-
lation with an incomprehensible irregularity,
thereby, making regeneration and reception to
vocal sounds impossible.

In spite of these drawbacks the receiving set-
is an interesting one with which to experiment.
From it perhaps will come one form of one con-
trol receiving set.

The parts necessary for the outﬁt consists
of a 75 turn duo-lateral or honey-comb coil, a 43-
plate variable air condenser, a grid condenser of
.00025 microfarads capacity, a grid leak with a
maximum resistance of 10,000,000 ohms, a
201A or UV 801A vacuum tube, four dry cells,
one 22 volt B battery, a pair of phones and a
rheostat.

The coil should be the best obtainable and
should be purchased with a suitable mounting of
equal quality. Too much money cannot be spent
for the condenser. Cheaper ones might do, but

their operating qualities are unknown. The A '

series of tube is selected because of its stability.
It is possible to utilize a UV 200 or 3300, but the
builder will experience trouble with its general
instability. v

The rheostat preferably should be one of the
type which gives minute adjustment of the cur-
rent without step-to-step changes. This elimi-
nates practically all wire rheostats, satisfactory
as they are for the usual circuit. The pressure
type of rheostat is usually successful in this re-
ceiver and should be employed if available.

When these parts are assembled there is but
one bit of advice to keep in mind. Arrange the
parts so that all wires between the instruments
will be shortest. If the outﬁt can be placed in
a 7 by 8 cabinet so much the better. And ﬁnally
170 eliminate bod)’ 08??-city shield the inside of
the panel with thin copperfoil, making sure be.

ore installing shafts and screws that the foil
comes in contact with no metal parts except the
ground binding post, to which it should be rigidly
connected.

A_fter assembling it maybe found wise to ex-
periment with_the duo-laternal coil, exchanging
the 75 turn coil for one of 100 turns or perhaps
50 turns.’ This is a point which can be decided
on‘ only ogfter installation, since the real value
03 the C lfléllends the lenzth and character‘
of the aerial. ,- , ‘

4' —

 

  

  

  

39 miles outfrom the wild

 

26
Fame and Fortune Weekly

NEW’ YORK, MAY 30, 1924
3:

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS
Single Copies ............... “Postage Free Scents
One Copy Three Months . . . . .. “ “ .00
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. “ " 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . .. “ “ 4.00

Canada. 84.50; Foreign, $5.00.

HOW TO SEND NONE!-—At our risk send l’. U.
_Mouey Order, Check or ttegistered Letter; remittances
in any other way are It your risk. We acce t Postage
Stain s the same as case. When sending s lver wrap
the oiii in a separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope Write your name and address plainly.
Address letters to .

HARRY E. WOLFF,

Publisher, Inc.,
166 W. 23d St., N. Y.

Charles E. Nylander. Sec.

}Harry E. Wold, Pres.
L. F. Wilaln. Trees.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

COLLEGE HAS PR_IZE COW.

Grace Koningen, a Holstein cow, owned and
bred by the Montana State College, ﬁnished a
production of 32,280 pounds of milk for the year,
which gives her the world's record as a milk pro-
ducer for ten-year—olds. Besides the world's rec-
ord the cow holds the State record for cows of all
a 5 for production in milk and butterfat. She
.3» holds the record for being the best cow
owned by any State college in the United States.

FISH THAT SHOUTS

Prof. C. H. Greene of the University of Mis-
souri recently described to a number of scientists
a newly discovered illuminated ﬁsh, whose hab-
itat is Monterey Bay, California. The ﬁsh shouts
whenpursuing its prey. I _ V.

Each ﬁsh, according to Professor Greens, is il-
luminated with hundreds of phosphorescent lights
and, when bearing down on smaller ﬁsh, is able
to make distracting noises by driving the gaseous
contents of its swimming bladder through a nar-
row membrane from one _side to the other.

CANADA WILL EXHIBIT 4,800-POUND
SILVER NUGGET . . '

With the ob’ect of interesting British and Eu-
ropean capi in Ontario's mineral wealth and
attracting capital to the Province, Charles Mc-
Crae, Provincial Minister of Mines, has arran d
an Ontario mineral exhibit for the British in-

ire Exhibition next year, which he believes will
one of the ﬁnest of its kind ever presented.
The Government has purchased ‘for exhibition
purposes the famous “Keeley silver_ nug t,”
which weighs 4,800 pounds. There is $1 ,000
worth of silver in the nugget. -

DWELLS ON BLEAK ISLE TO STUDY

. ‘ BIRDS _
' An extremely interesting though lonely six
months is ahead of an Englishwoman natural-
ist, Miss E. L. 'l‘urner, who has just left London
to take up her residence on Scolt Head Island,

   

xiv

   

and desolate coast . _
p j- I ,  mm’ a debatm

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Miss Turner is inarooning herself on this al-
most unknown and never visited island in order
to learn more about bird habits. She has spent
years studying birds, but confesses she has gained
little real knowledge about them. She is par-
ticularly anxious to ﬁnd out something more.
about migratory birds, and on‘ this island in the
Northlsea she will be able to keep watch of their
arriva .

There are no houses on Scolt Head Island, and
Miss Turner -has taken her own tent, at weirdly
painted affair which roused some curiosity among
the scientists who accompanied her as far as the
coast.

“The tent,” explained Miss Turner, “is the one
from which I believe the British army took the
idea. of camouﬂage. I used it in the Fa-rne Islands
as a hiding place while watching birds there in
the winter of 1914. It became a dirty yellow and
could be seen all over the island, so one day I
got some green paint for it. The-day was windy.
I clutched at the ﬂapping canvas and dabbed
paint on it as best I could. Then I walked away
from it, and, to my astonishment, it became in-
visible.” ‘ -.

 

LAUGHS

Mistress—But, bless me, why are you leaving
us, Mary? I'm sure I do all the work. The
General Servant—Yes, ma’am, but I don't like the
way you do it. ‘ -

Mamma—-I suppose you ﬁnd Robbie a rather
remarkable boy, don’t you? Teacher——Yes.
Mamma-—In what special study?
all. He never knows a lesson in any of them. ~

f‘My'wife was arrested yesterday.” “You gut.
prise me. What was the trouble?” “She got of
a trolley car the right way, and a policeman .,
thought she was a man in disguise." ;.'

Laundryman—I regret to tell you, sir, that one,“ —'

of your shirts is lost. Customer—But, here, I
have 'ust paid you twelve cents for doing it up. ‘
Lauri ryman—-Quite right, sir; we laundered it.
before we lost it.

 

“Which is the starboard side of a ship?" "Why
don't you know? That's the side where the 
boarder has his room."
the other side the port side?" “Because that's
where the porter sleeps."

“Oh, dear!" sighed small Harry. “I wish I was
a clock.” “Why do you wish that, Harry?” 
his mother. “ ‘Cause I wouldn't have to wash

my face and hands, then,” explained the_ litftoé;

fellow. -

“Then why do they call K

.2
‘i.

Teacher—In -- J;

52

§.
Q
9;

1

“What I want," said the young man,"‘is to  "If

married, and have a peaceful, happy liqmg."L
‘fWell," said ‘Farmer Corntossel, “sometimes.
works‘ that way, and then_ again, sometimoa‘

  

 

1

     
 

   
  
     
 
    
   
    
    
  
    
   
  
   
  
        
  
    
 

FAME AND ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY‘ 2?:
BRIEF BUT POINTED

 

MICE THRIVE ON BABREN ISLE_ abdomen. Grindorﬁ and Benhof were injured
" Caﬂingmn Island! 3 5111311 131301? 0f land In the and were taken to Cooper Hospital. The Triano
Great Salt Lake on which there is an abundant boy is. probably mortally injured. According to
Sllgglly .0f 1'00ﬁn Slate» 18 Infested With mice; 86- the police and boys said the shell was bought from
’ (:0 'ng to Eli . Taylor-_, of the United States a. man living in the vicinity of the playground.
Gland oﬁice. A recent visit to the island by Mr. '

aylorr for survey purposes brought out the tale ""“‘—_

01 the rodents. COMMA MAKES BIG DIFFERENCE

' f sh t ’ d th / ' f 1. . . . - .
., ml: ﬁanﬁe excﬁlﬁ °fh:';,ﬁc’;? gndegoggghgy Winston Churchill is being extolled by his pub-

~ - - we _ lishers as a paragon of accuracy because he in-
’  to qumve 15 a__._n1ys ry sists_ on revising four sets of proofs of his forth-
PRODUCTION OF COAL coming book, but it would be difficult for any

I wood is mday being deposited in swamps writer to beat the meticulous care with which
my niost of the earth. The necessary elements Thomas Campbell corrected and. corrected his
iéigiored to make coal are an abundance of wood P081113 infhe I_1l'eSS- 031 0'11? 090851011 11? _8¢t“3_11Y
to submerged, a marsh full of water for the walked six miles to his printer’s and ‘six miles
‘god to’ ﬁe in and a supply. of_ mud to cover the back in order to change a comma. into a semi-
vood occasionally to seal it it up from decay. ¢010n, says the Detroit News. Doubtless he was
 th1e_1s1e ‘c:‘i;;li;cions _1art:-k1"ulf'illed Zoogeist , justified, for the diiedrenccih a punctifiation rfnatilrlk
1-y _ e ormi esis ea_ canmakewasrevea in ecaseooneo e
 hfrm Wqttld in that it ‘is sllglllit y oéndiﬁ, be%hknovan lines  ghc gilnglish lgiiguage.

’toterwiseisst1'u_C1.II‘6_l8 11 8389- 6 _ en raysen is amous‘ egy”totho
neeond stage of coal is lignrte. Here the woody £nrinter’s.the_i_irst line read, “The curfew tolls, the
~ﬁ1-ncture is still dlscﬁmlblei but ‘5118 hardening ell of parting day.’ The printer, not under-
_ hasad-goifiebrfurther. d '1‘3lo¢:)d thi§gss?l1zsEsi:  standing the use of “tolls” as_an intransitive verb,
ﬁe mgiseaahat Oran OWE» 8-11 g Y gglllgteglghfnclomiga, slofthaia it rea§iW‘]‘Th%hcurfew

- e . 0 pa mg ay.” en e poet
. , .'—“** saw the line he at once recognized ‘t e —
,_$918.5O IN GOLD FOUND IN QLD aiirriied melody, and adopted the prinltesr’: girl-en:
. ‘ ' o .
i.spea.ki of 4 "treasure trove,” $912.50 in gold

‘ h‘i;I;z‘i'iSti1i°°" ﬁdmdfin lhcelltglzlly-old hoilrse LIONS AND LEOPARDS LAY SIEGE O
Broovie y.an soar ee ownersip '1'
Egwﬁoé bte1:an,}esta’blished.be' to d u FARMS
* ' ousewas mg rn owna n , - _

 . cilmtaining $900 in $10  $20_go|d piece, Farmhouses in thfe bush bordering on the
. “and” The house was occupied 1,! John Lee nor ern Rhodf _esian_ .rontier have_ recently been
. fgmily more than ﬁfty years prior to the 111 8 Sta,“ 0 51988 0W1118' *0 the actiyities o_f lions.
th of Mr. and Mrs. Lee twenty-ﬁve years a o. ;1;hﬁt3‘;‘n‘;3E‘ul;"c‘l:‘;‘°°:1;l° °;'t 0‘ 91¢‘; J’-‘E1819 in (l?!-
. church congregation bought the building or oﬁg some of them 6 arm 81111118 S» carrsmg

parsonage and lately, desiring to erect a new I - _ _

N” 7 1 ’ sold the old house_ 11 some cases the natives working on the farms
‘; L. R Langley, uveryman, bought jt_ The have been attacked. and several have been killed.
ey was found by his son Hansford. There is T 5 l‘°"5 3”“ “ten J°"‘°d by 1e°Pa1'dS and have
_ch discussion as to the ownership of the appeared in such numbers that the settlers are
E!’ but Langley has it . forced to go about only in large_ groups and_ to
. , . keep a constant guard over their families and

 
    
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
  
   
     
   
  

 

stock.
« -SHELL EXPLODES IN MARBLE RING '1_‘he wife of a railroad employee rﬁiorts '3
,With ﬁfty‘ or more boys watching, a "dozen thrilling adventure in this connection. rs. Mc-

. 1- in a marble con-  left her home_ at Garuso on a bicycle to visit
' ‘t in the city-playgroun den, N. J., when, neighbors. Reaching a river she found two
rdiziig to the police, Harry Grind_orll', four— large lions on the bank. She was so near that
, arrived with 9. huge loaded shell. she could not retreat and sgzepared to ﬁght for
.,According  the lice, Grindorif swung the her life, but at the ﬁrst t the animals ran.
above his he and laughingly said: _ I She then Pr_oceeded and shortly came across a big
,.,.. what would happen if threw this thing leopard eating an ox. The leopard also made 3
‘ tlie ring'.”]; tlhie dropped tthe §hell,t the_fn0lIC0 hgitey hgsgiway, but followed. Mrs. MmLean for
t struc e pavemen an a €l‘1'l.C ex- 5 _ _ .
1; occurred, K . . Arriving at the farm she found it had been
i. . marble pfa ers and watchers, including attacked for several weeks by the animals and

youngsters were en

        
   
    
   
    
  

  
 

  
  
    

’ 13, were I} rled on their faces. Thou— many cattle had been lost. Next day she was
A of passersb rushed up, believing a bomb escorted back to her home bin nei bor and ten
' set n the smoke cleared, Gri_n- natives, who, on leaving ‘ rs. cLean,.found

91!’.
 and William Benhof were ‘ the had been tracked all thcwuy brlions. Mi-ii,

 

s. M  ‘ Me
 thatthe

o

reams '
N‘

        

   

 

 
 
  
 

   

A wnsr INDIAN SNAKE

Fer-de-lance is the name given by the ,West
Indian creoles to the lance-headed or ‘yellow
‘Viper, a large and very-“venomous serpent of the
warm parts of America. It is from -ﬁve to seven
feet long and capable of making considerable
- springs when in pursuit of prey or some object
-which has irritated it. Its bite is often fatal; the
only antidote of any avail seems ‘to be, as in the
. ‘ .. bites of other venomous snakes, strong alcoholic
’ drinks. This snake infests the su ar plantations
 of Brazil and the West Indian Is ands, and it is
dreaded alike by man and beast. While it pos-
sesses no rattle, it is closely allied to the rattle-
snake tribe. Its tail ends in a horny spine, which
, scrapes harshly against rough objects, but does
' not rattle. _ A traveler writing on the island of
Hartinique says: “If by some rare chance you
encounter a person who has lost an arm or leg
11 can almost certainly conclude that you are
gluing at a victim of ‘the fer-de—lance, the ser-
pent whose venom putriﬁes living tissue:”

  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  

0 lI.’YRA.MID SOLE SURVIVOR OF ANCIENT
‘ , WORLD WONDERS ’

. ‘Save for one surviving pyramid, the seven won-
’ dots of the ancient world have passed on. Not
’ only have they disappeared, buttheir memory is
: Jnostly conﬁned. to the pages of old books.
_ '-strangely e‘nou h, the one surviving wonder is

F the oldest. It otes back almost 4,000 years be-
fore Christ, and it is still in. good ‘condition. It
3 is the pyramid of Cheops at Ghizeh, in Egypt.
. ~-The most notable thing about the pyramid was
—:,  caretakento protect it from grave robbers.
_ J, ’ ‘ l_All the entranceswvere sealed. There were sev-
’ oral ‘large chambers near the base of the struc-
' {are built to mislead any one seeking the sepu}-

I ehral chamber. This was 138 feet above the
[ground and could be reached only by tortuous

'§ssages, cleverly concealed, says the Detroit
,. ews, .

 

~_ ‘ The walls of Babylon were the second wonder.
i ".The third wonder was the statue of Zeus in the
Sample at Ephesus. The fifth was the mausoleum
4 of Halicarnassus in Carlia. The sixth was the
Colossus of Rhodes and the seventh was the
_ 1- lighthouse of Alexandria at Pharos. It was An-
‘ .. tipater of Palestine, the Baedecker of the ancient
-:world, who selected the seven wonders about 209
Vipers before the birth of Christ.

    

 

’sAirrHoUAKE snocxs IN ENGLAND

‘*3 The ‘riot countryside of England has been dis-
‘  y frequent earth tremors of increasing
glolemce during, recent months. The last series
gjour quakes ’in;Derbvshire'snd Nottingham-
_ was of suﬁiacnt strength to upset a score
’break'glas 1 . _

    

 
  

B.r
.8

n , F:A1\4/IE AND FORTUNE WEEKl.Y A
4 i ‘ ma:Ms,oi= INTEREST

 

   
   
     
  

   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

perts of thelBritish Meteorological Department ‘
say that such frequency of tremors has hitherto~

been unknown in England, and that in the past " —

they have rarely occurred more than once in
eVe1‘Y fight or ten years and then with but little
force. However, it is believed that there is lit-
tle danger of any widespread upheaval. ‘_

The department _was warned several months,
380 by an Italian seismological student that there A
lzimld be a series of minor shocks felt in Eng;
_Two shocks felt in the south of England con-
lsisteg for the _most part only of a. dull noise, fol.

‘ire bl’ 3_-Slight shaking, but these are gradua
3'13’ l?eC°m1PE louder and more frequent. Tlﬁ
011 Y Immediate danger is said to be- in the cases
of deep mines. - ‘ -

-L

 

.

 

 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
 
  
  
 

7 - LOOK, sovsz . ,
‘l‘RAPEZEE  -
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy?’ ‘

ALMOST HUMAN IN 1-rs ._
ACTIONS! . e

_ It consists of a handsome 
iron frame on which the little yellow
{retail accurately performs like an ath-  0

Five_Different Stunts — 

TI-IE_ FLYING TRAPEZE —— Release oi‘. ‘
tnszer-pin and the figure swings fog. .« «
Ward. snppms the brass trapezebar; .; 3
turns a somersault in .the air and catches « 0
a cross-bar by his heels. . ,

rnsoucn ‘rim LO0P—A swift ' mat-
lxiErng'°::dﬂ::1:tl1:hl1n ab ‘ll’ klaogiis sum...’ ‘it

7 IS '
head downward figomya bar. ' .

THE_ GIANT SWING—H goes fox-wqd A
with a rush, releases the rapeze. catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels makes
two swift somersaults in the  and
catches by his heels again. . , D - A

.Ho perfonns two more l_iorizont.u.hg- _
acts with the grace and agility of ._d,.,. (
GUS Sean‘. and many new ones ‘can he in- ' ~
vent . . . -

The Most Wonderful Toy in  '
the World! 0 ‘

P R I C E 5 1 . 5 0
Th 11 'bl
l kin oft: °n:£1:sl1y hm 1. 
Delivered anywhere‘ in the missed ‘f ‘

  
 
 
  
  

  

     
 

   

     
   

        
  
   

 
    
    
 
   
    
  

’ \

 
  

 

   
 

 
 

‘pm: ' an .
p   '4’-{{gm*T‘i’°°-5

     
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 

"It happened just three years ago. I was
feeling pretty blue. Pay day had come around
again and the raise I’d hoped for wasn’t there.
It began to look as though I was to spend my
life checking orders at a small salary.

“I picked up a magazine to read. It fell
open at a familiar advertisement, and a coupon
stared me in the face. Month after month for
years I'd been seeing that coupon, but never
until that moment had I thought of it as
meaning anything to me. But this time I
read the advertisement twice—ye:, every word I

"Two million men, it said, had made that
coupon the first stepping stone toward success.
In every line of business, men were getting
splendid salaries because they had torn out that
coupon. Mechanics had become foremen and
auperintendents—-carpenters had become archi-
tects and contractors——-clerks like me had be-
come sales, advertising and business managers
because they had used that coupon.

"Suppose that I . . ? What if by studying
at home nights I really could- learn to do some-
thing besides check orders? I had a hunch to
End out—and then and there I tore out that
coupon, marked it, and mailed it.

"That was the turn in the road for me.
The Schools, at Scranton suggested just the
course of training I needed and they worked
_/' with meevery hour I had to spare.

‘In six months‘! was in charge of-my division.
in’ a year my salary had been doubled. And I've
ﬁgadsuxingiever since. Today I was appointed

' . \

  

 

'»\ar..‘-«- 3 _

 

“Tl'i_e l3est Hunch I Ever Had!”

manager of our VVestern office at $5,000 a yen.
Tearing out that coupon three years ago was the
best hunch I ever had."

 

For thirty years, die International Correspondence
Schools have been helping men to win promotion,
to earn more money, to have happy, prosperous
homes, to get ahead in business and in life.

You, too, can have the position you want in the
work you like best. Yes, you can! All we ask is
the chance to prove it. -

VVithout cost, without obligation, just mark and
mail this coupon. Do it right now!

— — — — ————-TEAR our n:n:——-—‘———-—
INTERNATIONAL COBRPONEENGE IGNOOLI
Box 4500. Serantsn. Paula.
Without post or obligation. please tell me how I ean qualify for the
position or in the subieet below: which 1 have marktu an 3:

BUSINESS TRAINING DIPAITIENT

Business Management Salsalnanahin
Industrial Msmuinent Adrsrtislnx
Personnel Ortaniaatisn Bauer beans
Trsme Manueinent Foreign Trade
Business Law sunosrsptiy and Typing
Banking and Banking Law Business English
Civil Berviee

Accountancy (including C.P.A.)
Nicholson Cost Accounting
Bnokkseolnl

Railway Mail Clerk

Pommon School Subjects

Private Seereur! I-lllb School Subjects

Business Spanish D french illustrating
TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEPARTIINT

Electrical Entinnrinl Architect

Electric Lishtinl

IIl_ue Prim Reading
Mechanical Engineer Contractor and Builder
Mechanical Drsitsinsa Ardiiteetural Drsiuman
Machine Shop Practice Concrete Builder
Railroad Positions Structural Engineer

Gas Engine Oventinx Plumbing and Heatina
Civil Engineer Chemistry B Plxari.-iaey
Surveslna and llanbill Automobile Work
xletalluru Navigation

Steam Enxlnserlnl §_ari_eulturs and Poultry

Radio D Airplane la.-tunes


Street s.aa.a:
cu, sun

P sultan ta De-do shall sﬂ tits is the lathe-
u‘a’II.:lu¢7a'vrsspeal¢.ssleIesls Oenslla. Lhlsel. zeta!‘ Odds"

   

   

ty. A world beater.
Shoo 1 Sluo

ar . no.

Regul “$22 30 ‘Vt!

lvecinl at $6.73. Shoots

any standard automatic cort- ‘
ridge. .

PAY POSTMAN ON DI-

IJVERY, plus postage.

PAIAIIJUIT mums ca. nest. P8P, 34 vi. 28th St. I. 1.
TOBACCO, LIQUOR and MORPHINE

Habits can be overcome with the aid or
HILIJS CHLORIDE OF GOLD PREPAB.-\~
TIONS. Liquor remedy can be given Secret-
ly. Particulars Free.
OHIO CHEMICAL “'0BKS.
Dent. 6, \Vostﬂe|d, N. Y

3 OLD MONEY WANTID I
82 to 8500 EACH paid tor hundred: or old
ootns. Keep ALL Old or odd money. it many
be VERY valuable. Bond 10 etc. tor ILLU -
TRATED COIN VALUE BOOK"!-x6. Gel
Posted. We pay CASE. '
cunxn corn co.. Ave 13. I-alloy. N. Y.

 

  

Come On, 

S c o u t s!
Let’ s Hear You Play

“Dig down in the old kit and pull out your
Hohner. We're going to stage a contest
and see ‘who’: who’ when it comes to music.
Every fellow that can whistle a tune has a
chance in this exhibition. We're going to
start a harmonica band and we want to know
who’: going to lead it. Tune up and let’s
hear what you've got in the way of harmony."

The World’s Best

There's nothing like good music in camp or
on the trail; and there's nothing like a Hohner
for good music.

Get a Hohner Harmonica today and play
it tonight. 50c up at all dealers. Ask for the
Free Instruction Book. If your dealer is out
of copies, write M. I-Iohner, Inc., Dept. 155
New York City.

OHNER

ARMONICAS

   

  

F R E E
DIAMOND RING OFFER

 

Just to advertise the tulnous Il.lw:l:=..l:l llu.
dillulonds. the greatest discovery the world
has ever known. All tllese rings iltiuui ell-
gravs-d. platinum ﬁnish, set with the flllnolls
Hawniiall im. diamonds. ll’ you can tell them
from genuine diamonds, .~it‘lld tlleln luick.
Send size of ﬁnger; when ring .'«il‘I'iV6*l-3 de-
posit price with postmaster. I{eep it and
send three of your friends cllcll one, and we
will send you a beautiful ring absolutely
free. Ii'_not satisf:3ctol‘_v return and money

refunded.
KRAUTH and REED
385 W’. Madison St., Dept. 620. Chicago, In

PERSONAL
APPEARANCE

ll now m 0 re
than ,ever the
k e y - n o t e of
Illceou. Bow-
Le; xed nnd
Knock - Kneod
men and won-
on. both young
and old. will
be glad to hear
thnt I hove
now ready for
market my now
up li a n c e .
which will successfully smug gen within
a short time how-leggedness and knock-
kneed legs. sarely. quickly and perma-
nently. \_vit.hout pain. operation or discuul-
fort. Will not interfere with your daily
work. being worn at night. My new “Lim-
Strulghtner." Model 18, U. S. Patent, is ealy
to adjust; its result will save you soon from
further humiliation. and improve your per-
sonnl appearance 100 per cent.

Write £0418! for my tree copyrighted phys-
iological and anatomical book which tells
you how to correct bow and knock-kneed
legs without any obligation on your part.
Enclose a dime for postage.

M. TBILETY, SPECIALIST
997 L, Ackarmnn Building, Blnxhunton, N. Y.

 

O
Fsevee no to as on the Rnngor Bi- '
cyole you select from 44 Styles, oolorl O
and alone. Delivered free on npprovnl ao-
pren prepaid for 39 Days’ Froo Trial.

   

$5 If dean-ed. P  ‘

E use at anon on oorl l

loan -1 numoul plan. Bicycloq $21.50 -ndup.
Inn: in lpuont nt hell no-

unl nr‘l'.;'... \'.'ri:oq'_;or Inn:-volouo not _
pricu, wonderful Bodny wlnl olornnd Iain.

""“.‘.$’....".'l.l' "-.-:-.-"’%
Your-Iktu conlo Qlrieklyclooeodd
 Blackheads, Acne Em time on
the see or body, Barbers Itch, n.

Enlarged Pores end Oily or Shin Skin.

nu:
mm 
.IOOO¢lﬁlQIl¢$ ﬁdﬁoétoom
&..Ionooo%Klo.

   
 

 :‘\

Copy This

Drawing Table €-

GeT1t

FREE

on My offer to Students
Any one af16y¢arsor older, scndingin a sketch

ComvleteDraftsman’s 
man’: I
Outfit Also FREE 

These are the regular working in_struments——
the kind I use myself. The same kind that you
will use when you have completed my C0\1f3¢
and have becomt: a rfeguliar draft;xlxli§:x;m{£ v%lhu;
' ‘ ee an en .
:\n‘ﬁ2t5i(r’u0:h1d§sg“l:1eick:lnSilver dlr a-wFlngchinatrumeii;l‘tks,
‘ , ren CILFVO. r
rk:Tnp:nbgr ea: 'l table. Send in

alaries Up to i  he is
$250 to $300 at Mon h
990 Drafting

month which ought to ﬁlled by skilled drafts-
course Given Away!

men are vacant everywhere. There are in
To ev student enrolling now I give an 0W0!’-

every part of this country ambitious men,

who with practical training and personal assisance
tunity o gettin .a $90 drafting course absolutely
without cost to un. ‘ Even if you don t send in a

will be qualiﬁed to ﬁll the positions. I can now take and
sketch send in the coupon today and learn all about

 

 

  

STZC Of-'.‘:‘n'Fll ZJX2-1’.

  
  
     
   
   

 Students a guarantee to train them by mail
. ' p ace in a nermanent positio t sal t
szsoandssoopermimm. '1' 3 "7"" °

:1IIIIIIllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII‘

Chiet Draftsman, Engineer’: Eqnipeut Co.
1951 Lawrence Ave. Div. lo-96 Chicago. Ill.

Without any obligation to me Dlease mail your book

_Success1ul Draftsmansl_np" and full particulars of your
liberal Personal Training” offer to a few students.
Also full information as to how I can get a :90 Drafting
Course 1-‘ rue. Send Ruler to me FREE.

train a limited number of students personally and I will
this offer.

Nana ........  .... 

 

and aho 6 X 9 Book on_"Sucest-
fulbraftsrnanahip" Act quick. Addvus ..............................  ..... ............

tco.
Iiplnenm.

Cab ....................... ...... ..... .. lJ.......nueIn

 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
—-—- LATEST ISSUES ——
1332 Taking Big Chances: or. .The Boy Who Saved a
Town

938 Always Lucky: or, Winning on His Merits.
984 Out for a Corner; or, A Smart Chicago Boy.
DE The Winning Trick; or, How a Boy Made His Mark.
93 The Young Editor; or. Running a Country News-

paper.

937 A Big Stroke: or, The Lad Who Made a Record.

938 In the Copper Fields: or. The Mine That Made
the Money. _

939 Frosm a Cent to Fortune: or. A Chicago Boy s Great

coop.

940 A Start in Life: or, A Poor Boy's Rise to Fame.

941 A Wide—Awake Boy: or. Born With a Winning
Streak. 7

942 Caignring tkhe Money: or. How Ben Bailey Made

3 ar .

943 Digging for Gold: or, The Luck of a BOV Miner»

944 A Boy with Grit: or. Earning an Honest Living.

945 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.

9-l6Fame Before the Footlights; or, The Boy Who

Bossed the Theatre.
947 Lucky Lee‘ the Oﬂlce Boy; or. The Nerriest Lad “*-
N ' Yo

948 Suﬁ: to (let Rich: or. A Sgnart Young Messenger.

949 Pushing It Through: or. T e Fate of 1: Lucky TM!-

950 A léorn tspeculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall
. tree . -

951 The Way to Success: or. The Bo Who Got There.

952 Struck Oil: or. The Bov who ride a Million.

lg: A golden Risk: or. The Young Miners of Della

ruz.

964 A Sure Winner; or. The Boy Who Went Out With a

Circus. '

For sale by all newadealers. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price, ‘it. per COPY: III money or DIN‘
tago atunpm V

THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS
955 Golden Fleece; or, The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. The Boy Treasure Hunters

of Cocos Island.
96'! Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
958 p1§',’i‘.f.‘; to Win; or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street
959 Tatters; or, a B0 From he Slums.
son A Young ‘Monte risto: The Richest Boy in the
Worl .

961 Won by Pluck; or. The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.

932 " Begging: the Brokers: or. The Boy Who Couldn t
" one.

A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest 30! on Record-

9&
Never Say Die: or, The Young Surveyor of Ham)!

90!

Valley.
W Boss of the Market; or. The Greatest Box in Wall

St t.

Therelshance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot 0*
Crytal Lake. _

striving for Fortune; or, From Bell-Boy to Million-
a re.

Out for Business; or, The Smartest Boy in Town.

Aglfavotrite of Fortune; or. Striking It Rich in Wall
. tree .

Through Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of a
smart Boy. ,

on Doing His Level Best: or._Working His Way UP-

972 Always on Deck; or. The Boy Who Made His
k.

973 Amhallnt of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
' Broker.

HARRY K. WOLFE’, Publisher. lnc.,
166/Weit z3d Street New York City

scemuuos §,‘,’.}’.,"ET$HEM

Price 85 Cents Per Copy

This book contains all the most recent chants!
in the method of construction and submission 01
scenarios. sixty Lessons, covering ever Phlle 09
scenario writ 3. For sale by all New etlerl Ind
Bookstores. I you cannot procure 8 col”. lend 11'
the,p1-ice, 35 cents. in money or postage stamps, and
Ira. will Iaall you one. Postage free. ddseu. ~.
- ‘L. |_-nua_s._ :19 ion-tn Ave. New Ink. N. 1-

 

 

 

 

_- :1“

OUR TEN-CENT HAND nooks"

Useful, Instructive, and Amusing. 'l'hey contain
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

No. 5'1.
—Il'ull directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, Zlther.
Aeolian Harp. Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments; together with a brief description of nearly every
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times.
Profuscly illustrated. By Algernon S. Fitzgerald. for
twenty years bandmaster of the Royal Bengal Marines.

No. 53. HOW TO BECOME A DE'I‘EC'l‘IVE.——By Old
King Brady, the world-known detective. In which he lays
down some valuable and sensible rules for beginners.
and also relates some adventures and experiences of
well—known detectives.

No. 60. HOW TO BECOME A PHO‘I‘OGRAI’IIER.—
Containing useful information regarding the Camera
and how to work it: also how to make Photographic
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. Hand-
somely illustrated. _

No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAI. MACHINES.
Containing full directions for making clecvrlcal ma-
chines. inductions coils. dynamos. and many novel toys
to be worked by electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. Fully

illustrated

No. 65. M"UI.I)00N's JOKES.»—'l‘he most original joke
"003 9"!’ Dllbllﬁhrd. and it is hrimful of wit and
humor. It contains a large collection of songs. jokes.

ronundrums. etc-., of Terrence Muldoon. the great wit.
humorist. and practical joker M the day.

No. 81 HOW TO DO ELECTRICAL 'l'RICKS.—ColI-
tainim: a large collection of instructive and highly
amusing electrical tricks. together with illustrations.
By A. Anderson.

No. 88. HOW TO DO CHEMICAL 'l'RICKs.—-Con-
taining over one hundred highly amusing and instruc-
tive lrlr-ks-with chemicals. By A‘. Anderson. Hand-
some-ly illustrated. ‘

No. 69. How To Do 8LEIGH1'—0F-lIANI).—Con-
tainiu over fifty of the latest and best iris-ks used by
magic ans. Also containing the secret of second sight.

Fully illustrated. ,- *_

No. '12. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS IVITII CARDS.
Embracing all ‘of the latest and most deceptive card
tricks, with illustrations.

No. 73. HOW TO DO TRICKS WITH N[.'MBEI8.—
Showing‘: many curious tricks with ﬁgures and the magic
of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated.

No. 74. HOW TO WRITE LETTERS (‘0RREL‘l'LY.
Containing full instructions for writing letters on al-
most any subject; also rules for punctuation and com-
position. with specimen leters.

No.

HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ‘

 

 

3

 

76. HOW TO TELL FORTUNES BY THE ‘

HAND.—-Containing rules for telling fortune: by the "

aid of lines of the hand. or the secret of palmiatry.
Also the secret of telling future events by aid of moles.
marks, scars. etc. lllustrated.

No. 77. HOW TO DO FORTY TRICKS
CARDS.—Containing dcceptive Card Tricks as
by leading conjurcrs and magicians.
home amusement. Fully illustrated.

No. '10. HOW TO BECOME AN
complete instructions how to make
ucters on the stage; together with the dune; of mg

WIT]!
performed
Arranged for

lffitage Manager, Prompter. Scenic Artist and Property,»-
an. '
No. so. ans wxLmaMs- aoxs ooox.—cmta1ntiﬁ'{" "

the latest 1okes,'anecdotes and funny stories of
world-renowned German comedinn._

Sixty-four
handsome colored cover containing a

half-tone photo at

explaining phrenology. and the
acter. by the bumps on the head.
A. C. S. Fully illustrated. .

key for telling char-
By Leo Hugo Koch.

No. 34. now To nncoun ax vAU'l‘HOB.—Contaln-?
ing information regarding choice of subjects. the III: (I .

words and the manner of preparing and submit
manuscript.

PC.

For sale by all nevvsdealers. or wall be sent to II) I

address on recept of p 10c. per copy. 1
. in money or stamps. by . . .~ .

nanny E. wows. rubruaa.  . I
West '23d 

..\

     

Also containing valuable information an to ’
‘then neatness. legibility and general composition of maun‘<._

AC'l‘0B.—Containlng .
up for various char- -

pacer it

 

the author. . :»

No. 32. now To no PALMISTRY.-—Containln the 
most approved methods of reading the lines on the nd, 5
together with a full explanation of their meaning, Al. ‘

‘ (-

  
 
  
  

    