'- No .1137 NEW YORK. ULY 15, 1927 Price 8 Cents

AND '

F @111?! ; EEKKEY;  

 cams wu M:  .

   
   
         

. \\ - \'\-\. .'  ‘.
“The mate is in foine tattle to-night. It's a. gallus ride she'll be after giv1n' him."
Limerick as he held the lantern so that Donahue could see to fasten
the rope around the body of the half-dazed boy.

   

chuckled

  
 

6111'

 
 

. hlssued Weekly—Subscription price, $4.00 per
_ ' Westbury Publishing 00., Inc., 140 Cedar Str

   

  

t, N ew York,
Dec. 8. 1911, at the Post-Uﬂice at New’¥o rk. N

. X. Entered as Second Class Matter
Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879

Price 8 Cents.

 i No. 1137

yum nor

   
 
    
  
    
  
  
 

, V CHAPTER I.‘—’-eThe Last Straw.

“.1 suppose it’s the same story you've come home
_th—-—you haven’t‘ found a job?” said Ezra Nor-
 a‘ small,'unp1easan1:—lo0king man, glaring at a
hn’g'.ht-'eyed,.stalwart boy of some eighteen years,
who had just entered the sitting-room of an un-
etentious two-story house in a cheap neighbor»
God of the city of B , where Mr. Norton, who
J s a pettifoggingwlawyer, was reading the after-
oon newspaper. . ~
{fit isn’t my fault, sir,” replied Jack Harding
larnestly. .
“Oh, no, of course not,” replied the lawyer sar-
oastically. “You've been out of work two weeks
W, and yet you‘ can’t ﬁnd anything to do. Well,
onit believe it,” he added harshly. “You don't
.._wa'nt to work. You want to live in my house on
. ‘the fat of the land and play the gentleman. Well,
’.I’:pVCon’t have it, ,i’ye understand?” }_
ve tried» my best toget something to do, but
im/es are very dull, and ”
s , ‘Bah! Don’t tell me that. ’ This late panic,
ﬁ livhich threw a few people out of work, is used by
 persons like yourself as an excuse to avoid
ertin themselves. A boy can always get work."
“Well , if you know of any place where I stand
‘chance of getting a job I’ll ” I
“It isn't my place to ﬁnd work for you,” snapped
, “I’ve got quite enough to do to look
i ter myself." : —

‘.‘l\eIaybe I'll catch _on to something to-morrow,”
said Jack hopefully.

‘?,"'«I‘hat’s. what you’ve been saying right along.
Ha be you’ll find something to-morrow. To-mor-
Mw/never comes with some people, and it's my
opinion you’re one of them.” .

f~‘You do me an injustice, sir,” remonstratedthe

‘Eh? ’What’s that? How dare yhu say that?

p en’—t 1 fed, an clothed you, and sent you to

sch‘o&Dl,”ever since -your father dumped you on my
n s.  » ‘ i

 

::
":1

 

My father naidbyou to take care of me,” re-'

d‘Jack stoutl

$2, S’- »
“Who said he did.?" blazed up the lawyer hotly. .

F32!/’rs. Marsh, your formerVhousek.esper’,Vtold me

"Sheg.to1d you what wasn't true. What did she
_ . about it?” i . « . , . ,
ffshe was with you when my father left me
".iyou‘.tostake care of till he came heel: \ _”s~
haruniyscarum trip to South Arherpica,

   
 

ems

NEW YORK, JULY 1'5,-1927

OR, COINING MONEY  THE RIVER

 

  

ICE KING

By A SELF—MADE MAN. ‘- 

1

where he expected to make his fortune. . !]Vell,‘lIl i ‘V l

didn't make his fortune, as I suppose. He" put nil»
several years as a superintendent in the Braziliap

diamond ﬁelds and then he died, and that was  J f

end of him and his prospects.” l

The lawyer spoke without a bit of slym azhyvijﬁj ! if ‘
0 9,  .

his tones for the memory of the man w

a friend to him when he needed one so bad that *
he'd have gone to the State prison for a defalcs-‘ .
tion if Frederick Harding had not come to his side i
But then Ezra Norton was one of those men whb " ~
could not aiford to sympathize with any one 51.3 i

themselves. He was mean, narrow-minded

unprincipled. As a lawyer he had no standing 
the bar, and the cases he handled were most! '

damage suits which he secured from poor ‘pea l!

on the sharing principle, and which he gener I

lost if they came tojtrial, but more often come‘
promised to hisadvantage without reference til‘,

his client’s interests. The legal fraternity

i the judgeshad‘ very little respect for him,.b;% ’ ‘
they could; not ignore him. His unblushing nerve._
was probably never more ﬁttingly shown than ‘

a certain occasion when he brought suit againti.
a street railway corporation on behalf of apool‘ —
He lost the case.’-_

widow for an allegedinjury.
but the jury, out of sympathy for the woman,

handed their fees, amounting to twelve d0ll3.l.‘£g"_

over to her.

She gratefully thanked the foreman and starteif

to go. Before she could get out of the court rooin
Mr. Norton pounced on her and took the monw

away from her, on the grounds that she owed hill»
Several of the
juryinen saw'the‘ act and indignantly appealed 
the judge, but were told that the woman had 
legal redress, as it was doubtless a fact that the’ »

twice as much for court fees.

pettifogger had advanced money in order to bri
the suit. The‘:-eader might thereforewonder t

a man of Mr. Norton's character would accept 
temporary guardianship of a boy of ten, which,
was Jack's age when he came: to live with 

unless there was something in it for him. 2 Jack
always believed that his father had
ton well for taking care of him, an
he was much surprised when the lawyer, on tlﬁ

 

present occasion, denied that he had receiveddii

cent for doing‘, so.

‘,‘Do you mean_ to say that myfather _did,n‘o§i»l
pay you for looking after me?” the said earnestly; t

‘‘That’s just what I do mean to say," replied

I Ezra. Norton em hatically. “He went away 

teﬂinzjne

  

that ’ e wonitl send me the 

 

 

 

 

aid Mr. Non i
consequent}? ‘

  
   

     
   
  
 

   

   .  V * THE Bor ICI.+]ll.‘KII~lCl-" T

soon. as he made it. I took his word for it, and
' that’s all the good it did me.
 but-.a. charity boy after» all.” .
-Ascha;:it3v.»boy! The words, more than the.spite-
ul_‘ixmei in which they were ‘uttered, struck Jack
1l_i*ke:.a 'blow"in the ~far:e." Hehad a certain amount
mi pride in his composition, and it ‘wounded him
‘deeply to think that such-an allegation could with
= "truth be applied to him. His soul was in arms in
v: a.xmoment.. and his resolutionmade. If his ‘dead
«father had, through unpropitious circumstances,

'-failed to keep his word, he would make the matter
good himself, and wipe the stain ‘away. He had
already done something toward that end, for dur-
ing the three years he had been at work he had
turned over most of his wages to the lawyer with
unfailing regularity on his pay days. Further-
v more. as he was out of work, he would relieve Mr.
' Norton of all responsibility as to his keep, and
make his own way in the world somehow. If he
_ had to go hungry, or even sleep in the streets, he
would face the ordeal unﬂinchingly, feeling that
at least he was independent. After ascertaining
 how much the lawyenclaimed was due him from
 his father, he would, as soon as possible, remit the
' monev‘to him in small sums till the debt was
; uai-ed, after that he would be through with Mr.
4 orton-"fo‘r good. A . ‘
,-.. ,‘~‘Y.ou say Pm a charity boy, and taunt me’ with
the "fact, as thoughit were a crime,” said Jack

   
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
  

I

‘ again.” , _
_., “What do you mean?” asked the lawyer, at-
{greeted by his attitude.

;-;‘‘I mean that I intend to leave your house at
"once and never return to it. I mean that I in-
cnd to repay you every dollar you claim is due
on as soon as I get work. I mean that from this
moment I shall be a boy onlv in years and stat-
éﬂre--a map in purpose and resolution. That’s
what I mean. and you will ﬁnd I’ll make good,
;‘i:bo,” replied Jack, in a tone that showed he meant
4!.‘ .

-Ezra Norton was “visibly surprised and some-
what disccmﬁted. He did not want the ho to
"iéave, since it was money in his pocket to. old.
‘ )1’). to him, for he was sure-to get work before
long‘, and then Mr.- -Norton. ﬁgured on receiving
the bulk_of his wages as‘ before. Feeling that he
‘dad bein a little bit too hasty in his treatment of
.‘the' .boy, he tried to smooth matters over. Jack,‘
“however, would not be placated. The lawyer’s
Words had hurt him to the quick, and he felt that
he couldn’t stay another night in Mr. Norton's

  
  

  

mtsupper is ready,” . Skinner, the
.liousel~:eeper, poking her head in at the door at
7jtth_at moment. . , _ ' —
r5*“‘Come, Jack, we’ll adjourn to the dining-room
11‘-hrl let the matter drop,” said the lawyer in a
’£i~£imdv1viWay. , , _
_ The boy made no reply. He dzdnt intend to
'eirij’cy ‘any’ more of Mr. Norton's hospitality.
hings had come to an unpleasant head, and he
would have despised himself had he yielded after

  

 
   

ursue.’ He went to ‘his ‘ropm and began packing
is'"trunk and a small bag. While he was thus
Engaged the housekeeper came up, sent by the
lawyer, to persuade him to come down to the. meal.
"'Eé'declined _to do so. Finding that he really in-
mledv to qlllli.-l'.he‘h9\1Si.!,

  
   
    

So you see you’ré

thing get away from me so easy‘ as that

;;._l;iitter1y. “Well, you shan’t have any cause to do -

~ by perhaps six or eight feet, the space

 h’ , ' d h t o rse he intendedto’ , p
' a mg up is mm W a C u railing in front. ‘Beneath the first ﬂoor was-‘sf

Mr. Nortpntgot macland. rooms were to ’be ha”d.in—-most-'of»t'lie’,se.

 

 

I .

,n

told Mrs. Skinner not to let his trunk go when

sent for it. . ‘ .; ‘. "
*“~I-’ll<.te.mclri:he,-~youiig'-rascal to  ‘contra '. _

my wishes,” he-said1:o“lrimself.' ‘ When he--

.t.ha.t he can’t get his trunk he’ll change his 

and knuckle down.’ I’m not going to‘let.algood‘
I. . N’ .,
no; that isn’t the way I do business,” he conch: —i
ed with a chuckle, as he rubbed his hands onevofv
the other, as if washing them in invisible soap,
water. , - 
At that moment the street door opened and_’shi‘1§-
as Jack passed out. _ ‘ ., . ‘ ’
“Let him go,” grinned the lawyer. “He'1l;_.b
back. Oh, yes, he'll be back.” ‘ ~
But that was where the lawyer was wrong—'-
he didn’t know Jack Harding. u ‘ «

CHAPTER II.—Tlie Murder in the House of R156.

Jack took the small bag away with him, inte
ing to send for his trunk as soon as he .li
found a small furnished room in which to put it
‘On leaving the house he made a bee-line f_br..
restaurant several blocks away. He was hungry‘
after his all-day tramp after work, and as’.
had several dollars, representing his savings;
his pocket, there was no danger of his-goi "
hungry for a few days at any rate, and he 
to get work before hisﬁnances gave out entire y
It. was now dark, and he found he had select i
poor night to branch out for himself, as a deixfe
fog was blowing up the estuary from the ,oce§ir
and settling down over the city. After eatiri .._a5
hearty supper he stood on the cornerof the star.
looking into the misty atmosphere and wonderi "
where he would look for a room. On such a 11%
he felt that it was necessary for him to_ get und
cover. He almost regretted that he had not 1:
mained at Mr. Norton’s house until the morning’
but when he recalled the lawyer’s insulting words
he took courage and felt glad that he had no
stayed there a moment longer than was necessary
After considering his situation fora few moments
he returned to t e restaurant and asked the pro
prietor if he knew where he could get a Sin‘

The man referred hi,m_~ti1".‘§;’;

  
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
   
  
   
  

 

  
    
  
   

furnished room.
street a few blocks away, and told him that .t e
were a number of houses in that neighbo‘ ‘V
where furnished rooms were to be had. ‘
thanked him and set out to ﬁnd the street‘;
he had lived all of eight years in the cit-
B——, he was pretty familiar with the lay o _'
town. By -the time he had located the'_§t1’
the fog was thicker than ever. The street lakni
looked dim and ghostly in the mist, and ‘,-:-;o',
hardly see the fronts of the houses. Theyj, ’
nearly all three-story brick dwellings on the W
he was on, rather shabby through lack ,of,.pa.“li’i‘li.'
and repairs, and each separated from its neiiléb ‘
u i!’
'1‘

 

           
 
 

    
    
 

   
      
 

          
  

divided by a fence about eight feet hi ’h., _ U
stood back from the sidewalk maybe a ozeii 

and this space was ﬂagged up to the low -.1 -i

 
  
  

  
  

-F

basement, partly below the level of the street;
which entrance was to ‘be had through""a‘T
under the steps leadin up to the front
The restaurantman ha told him tlri-atffii

      
 
 

 
 

       

    
 

 

O cheap and that a small notice above the front door
Joell would tell him where to_,a;p.pJy. He could not
{expect to see these notices on such a night from
‘th_e,sidewalk,.vso the only course open to him was.
to enter the paved. area and walk .u the front
steps to get a close look at the bell nob. This
" he ‘proceeded to do, but the first three, houses he
nvestigated had no. notice out, though there were
signs that such a paper had -been there.. : Con~
_cluding. that. no accommodations were _.,to be had
i’, there, he went on to the fourth house. Théshouse
,was Ia‘ bit different from the-others in the "block,
i asmuch as it looked.to be in better shape tha‘n
" ' t e oiiiers, .and in addition, had a blood-red lamp
 shining through the glass over the hall door. As
 ’ Jack bent down to look above the bell-knob the
j door opened suddenly and a man, muifled up to
* his ears, with a slouch hat drawn down over his
eyes, rushed out, almost throwingthe boy down.

 
 
  
  
   

 

  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
 

but the mancut him short with an imprecat_ion,,
ic€11(e%l.“himselfvup and rushed off into the night
‘ 0 ; ’ ' V '
‘ The ﬁoy put out his foot to retreat, for after
that encounter he guessedl he didn't want to take
, a"room, there even if there was one to be got,
‘- when he stepped on something hard. Bending
down‘, he picked it up and‘ saw that it was a
large ﬁnger ring. It was clearly an expensive
one for the band waswide and of ‘very solid ‘gold,
while’ the’ setting was__a'good-sized‘ ruby sur-
rounded by small diamonds."_ '
“That's what struck me on the cheek,” thought
. p . “It belongs to the man who butted into me
as he came out.‘ He was evidently in a great
hurry, for he didn’t'iniss his’ loss. Well, it’s my
glace, to ring the belland hand the 1‘1n%‘1_tQ some-
ody connected with the house to give im when
l_ie~‘gets back.” . i i
» /Then it was he noticed that the ‘man! had left
the hall door partly open, which _Jack 1; ought

§'5

 

_ the bell-knob he was startled by hearing a wild
Scream from the interior of the house. v- _ second
and third scream followed—J;hril1ing in their
intensity. t . ,
“Good Lord!” he exclaimed. “What s up?
Some woman is..in trouble.” .
lnstinctively, he stepped inside,_ shutting the
oor behind him. He heard loud cries and moans
of grief proceeding from a floor above.‘ The red
ght shone on a‘ red carpet in the hall, on a red
istairf carpet, and ,on the red—tinted walls: Ex?ery—
thing almost was red, and the boy’s eyes were
filled with, the color. The cries continuing, and
seemingly those of a young girl, Jack felt that it
*2‘vas,hi~s duty to investi ate.. Accordingly he,
‘founded up the stairs an landed on the second
o_or,'1igh_ted by a gas jet surrounded by a pink,
The same. reddish tint was on the walls,
' f ' , He saw an
Qpendoor Vbdfore him leading into a large back
m.} The cries came from this rooin,.and Jack
” ‘ ,d. fol-‘it. The light that shone through the
away was subdued, butreddish. , He paused .
threshold and looked in. - ‘Th 

1-:

 

_, THE _B_0Y lien KING

colored gown.

was very careless on his part. As he reac ‘ed for '

.of the desk, and all about the room, on stands»-

, doubted value, which might easily have Egan

   

7 tone so full; of sympathy the

    

O   8*“

carpet. There were two tall windows, the red  ’
shades of, which were drawn down, partly con- ,,
cealed by red drapery. Between them stood a’ 
large Spanish mahogany desk, above which hung 
a Moorish lamp attached to the ceiling by the-ee;’i,‘
long bronze chains. On the floor, as if he had 
fallen from the heavy leather—covered chair, lay
an elderly man with a bald head, attired in a V
red dressing-gown. One arm was thrown outiat [ 
full length, and he layperfectly motionless. Oier _ .. ~-
him, in an. attitude of deep grief, moanedvagﬁrl 
of perhaps ‘fifteen years, dressed in. Va maroon-
Her golden hair was loose, aiiidw.
streamed downher back toher waist. . “-3 ‘ .- ‘

“What’s the--trouble, 'miss?”‘asked Jack, ad—  I
vancing intothe room. V ' 4»; ‘

At the ‘sound of his voice she turned her *~f§.ce 
toward him. It was wet with tears and con- '
vulsed ‘with grief.’ For all thatiit was a 'fa.ce'”',of;
great beauty, perfect in every line. ”  _*

“Oh, heaven!” she cried. “My poor grand-
father!’ “I fear he is dead—murdered!” 7

“Murdered!” ‘gasped Jack.

  

 
 
   
   
   
    
   
   
   

-‘. 11 .
' ‘_‘Yes! i Stabbed by this!” and she held up‘ a ‘
thin steel blade, the hilt of which was of b" rs »
nished silver, While the handle was covered 
'ewels of various kinds, s.ome of which glittereli.
‘ rightly in the light of the lamp. 
It was a valuable and uncommon weapon, dyi-
dently of foreign origin. Jack went over afnd
knelt beside the body. Even he could see” that the,
old man was quite dead. His eyes were»lialf '
closed, and _had a glass look. His jaw was ex
laxed, showing his teet . He had been stab f
in the heart‘, and his death had been almost‘?
instantaneous, ,_ , l 41%, i
; “He is dead,” said’the boy in a subdued-togie
The _. girl beganito weep afresh. . W;
‘fMy poor grandfather. The only friend and"
companion I had -111 the world! Oh, What,'s'li,a_ll
I do? Whatshall I do?” i ‘
“Who killed" him?" asked Jack. -
“I, don’t_ know. He was a customer
father’s.”,  l O
“A'cust'omer!” _ , ,
“Yes. _Grandfather’s business was lending. ~
money at interest. People have been coming here ;
every day almost for years to borrow and repays
their loans.” 
‘ Jack glanced at the safe beside the desk, bu
it was shut. On the desk stood a box containing
apers. There were valuable ornaments on ton

of” gra.fid-

and shelves and brackets. Nothing had been dis
turbed, neither were there any signs of a struggle;
Even the big ruby on the old man’s hand, of un‘

slipped off, was there on the hand that V.
stretched out. Robbery had’ either not been “
motive_for the crime, or the villain had been
frightened away at the moment he struck.,1:h,g
blow. Jack» instantly thou ht of the man 
had collided with him at t hall door. Tlieri
was nodoubt in his mind that. he was /the.’
sassin. It was a reat pity he had been unable
see his face. Sti 1, he had the ring that 
ol_i:' his ﬁnger, a ringthat showed he was noig
dinary personrand this might prove a value _
clue to laying here his ident:;ty. , ,, ‘  “
“I’m sosorry for you, miss,” 'said_.J‘ja -

   

    

       
 

    

rnestly athim. through her long, tear-stained
“Are you alone in the house?” ,,
_ Grandfather and I lived by ourselves.
'The"only visitors we had were those who called
oi_i~*bus'iness.’’ , " __
' ".‘Y,our‘grandfather seems to have been well oﬂ’.
‘By-theway, why is there so much red about the
*h6use',’ The carpets, walls, and even the lights
e of that color.” ‘ '
, “Grandfather had a disease of the eyes which
‘necessitated his being surrounded by red tints."
f‘Well, I suppose the police ought to be notiﬁed
"out_this crime at once, in order that the mur:
rer may be brought to justice as soon as

7) .

 
 

  

       
     
 
  

. . There is a telephone on grandfather’s
d sk, The police station call is on the card.at-
a‘ched to it. Poor grandfather always kept that
andy in case of necessity, but unfortunately he
'ad_ no‘ chance to use it to-night.”
“.‘That dagger——does it belong to the murderer?”
lied Jack as he went to the ‘desk.

‘No. It belonged to -grandfather; It was one
his treasures. It is two hundred years old,
a‘ ' very valuable.”
' I Jack rang up the police station and told the
flice about the murder. He was told that a
dliceman and a detective would be -sent to the
,_se right away. The boy hung up the receiver,
his to the sorrow-stricken girl, and lifting her
Jtly, asked her if there wasn’t another room
My could go to. .

‘Yes. The front one.” ,
'“'I‘.,hen‘ come,” he said. “This is no place for

  
  
         
 
 
  

   
   
    
      
  

  

  
 
      
   

“bli, I can't leave poor grandfather,” she sob-
e“d, leaning hergolden head on his shoulder, as
f he were her brother. ‘

  
 
     
     
    
    
       
    

  
   

lacing his arm around her waist led her into the
Zha’l1.wa‘-y, and thence into the front room, which
was ﬁtted up as a sitting-room.

 

  

‘CTH-APTER III.——Amine and Jack.

  
   

0, hey seated themselyes on a divan, leaving the
0or~ open so that they could hear the front door
7 (ll when ‘the officers called. v _ .
' f‘Tel1:me’ how yowcame to enter the house. Did
‘u hear me_s'cream?” asked the girl. ,“And ‘how
cl you get in the hoi_ise'?” ' _

‘Yes. I was standing at the door, which the

    
  
     
      
   
   
  
 
     
      
  

   
 

ﬂging; sure something. was wrong, I’ ran up’-’
thenltold herhow he had come into that

(D

   

ining;'the~door‘be1l of each -house in that
,_vnl-turn to find the notice of a room to let
ins, *

   

iiieijs Jack Harding.” ‘
‘tie is Amine Fa
Peter von Stroqm. , My father wasfian Eng-

    
  
  

", .a‘s~vleft -an-{orphan at ten‘, and then‘ gran‘d-

’ k ch ’ge~of.me. .Now“tha_t he is, dead

the _wo_ d, '_hout’ ' g
. 9f,c0I*1 *

 
   
  

 
   

  

p v‘ ' p 'rHlEd“i3'.oY ' ICE "KING? «
’ really?”

' ing totake charge ‘of you.” .

‘f,You can do your grandfather no good by re?
ining" here,” he said in a soothing tone, and‘

um rderer left ajar, when I heard your cries, and.

V, . V _ N ’man’s granddaugliter,”
_ looking for ,a furnisliedroom and was i ” -

N w,"will you tg1l_m~e your ,name?". ‘he svaid. as his .oﬂice.”
lkland.‘ Grandfather’s "name .
an, and my mother ‘was'.b0rn in Adinsterdam.,

‘ out“ and

u--v—_..._ ‘»>1u\,.n .. —__._

Her tea;-is_broke outafresli. . i ‘  _  ~

_“Don’t cry,v_Ai3;'in.e._ I will be your friend, if y
will let me." A . I  ‘

‘.‘Will, you?” she criedlwistfully. 1 “Will iyo

  
     
    
      

     
  

‘‘Yes. ,1 will be a friend and brother to you
am an orphan myself, and-hav,en’t a real friend '
the world either. I will look after you as well
I can, though if you are heiress of all, your grand“-
father’s property you will ﬁnd lots of people wi

   
  
       
 
  

  

“I don’t want anybody to take chargejof ml.
you will ‘be my friend,” she said. .‘fI feel I Lea
trust you, for you have a face that I likes? ’

“You can trust me, Amine, and you may be sur
that I never will deceive you.” r ’

“I am sure you won’t.” , _ ' _ . V.

“I suppose the public administrator will talk
charge of your grandfather's prOp€rtyiin'yOurV
terest, andhe will see -that you are properly pr
vided for. As for myself, I’ve got to‘hustle.f
living, for my future‘ depends on myself alo

"But I will help you, Jack. I shall.-have nione
and I will share it with you.” , I 

“No,” replied the boy, shaking his head, "you.
car_i’t share anything, with me. What I "get" mu
going to make myself. I’m not a sponger. I -‘she Iid‘
think very small of’ myself if} took advantage 0
your friendship and conﬁdence and made use‘ -‘
part of your property. I'm, not built ‘that w,

I ask you only for your friendship, and you ‘ I
give me as _much of that as you want to. ’I ,,
appreciate it, as I feel you area good‘ girl,

you should need my protection Iill stand by
through fire and water. If you don’t needl it.
can at least be true friends.” .

“Yes, we will be true friends—always,” she sax ' ‘
earnestly. “I feel as if I had known you ado -,  .1
time. You. have comeuto me in my hour of ‘ I ' '
and I shall-always be grateful to you.” ‘

“Then we will be brother and sister, -to.
otl‘i‘er, shall we?” " -

   
       

  
  
      

 
     

  
   

  
  

 
      
 
  

  

He drew her to him, and,’ lifting her‘ face to-has,
kissed_her. She blushed a little, and looked sh” '
into his eyes.. ‘  . . .

“You are so good,” she said.

At that moment the bell rang. . i v

“There’s the, police, I guess,” he said. »“I ‘‘
answer the bell myself.” _, V '

A detectiveand policeman were at the door.

“So Von Stream’. the money lender‘,*wa's‘"m
dered here'to—night?” said the detective.  , " "

_“Yes. Stabbed in the heartiby a‘; custom re,
his,” replied Jack.‘ . - _ ‘ « '
_ "‘Ah! You know the man, then?” saidthé sle
ma tone of satisfaction, ‘X ’.  ~ » ’

“No, he is not known either by me or

 
 
    
 
 
 

 
 

“Where is she. . . ‘ ' M ,
“Upstairs, in the front room.” -  

“And where did the murder‘ take place?’’_.
“In the back room, which Mr. Von‘ .§troni,

     
  
  

“Any witnesses tothe crime?” -  , ;, _ ,
’“N0- The Old izentleman and his assassin,
alone when the deed was done.”   "
“Where was his ‘granddau hter"at’
“In,he,r room. She. heard.» erlgra
rushed down,.only t’ ' nd

 

  
   
  

    
 

   
 

    

thecicrime was committed?” asked the detective.’
sharply,"  * ~ I I, n '
5‘0utside on the. stoop. »,

._And how did the murderer escape? ’

‘.‘By'—the front door.” _ ‘ _ _ ”

“Indeed! Then why didn't you nab him?

'‘‘'Because at the time _I was not aware he had
committed acrime.”

“But you saw him?"

“I did.” ' ' -

-“And could identify him_if you saw him again?’

“No I could not.” ..

« «W14, n‘ot?.” *

'‘‘Because of the darkness and the fog, and also
because he was mufiied up in an overcoat, and had
his hat pulled down over his eyes.””

‘fWhat’s your name, young man?

“Jack Harding-"

“Do you live here?”

“I do not.” , ~ V . ' .

.‘,‘How is it that you liappgn’ to" be‘ here at the
tinie;a crimeis committed?” A
'- Jack explained. _ ~

f‘Wel1, we will go upstairs. Don't le.aV€ the 1103156

ithout’ my per'mission,”.a.nd _he gave the police-
man a sign, which that individual’ understood as
meaning he must keep -a sharp eye on the boy.

They wentrupstairs and entered the room where

je.ibody°-of Peter Von Strom lay Just as it had
fallen. ' V .

“Iseverything just as i't_was when the.murder

as committed?" asked the detective. - .

"',"I believe so,” replied Jack. “Amine Falkland
was the ﬁrst on the scene.” i _ _ _

1' _",‘I will talk to her presently. This is evidently
the weapon that did the bl1SlnBSS_,’, said the sleuth,
:picking up the dagger. “A foreign weapon and a
valuable one. An eigcellent clue. *‘

““I’m afraid not.” said Jack. “It did not belong
tothecmurderér, biit to the old gentleman”. .
-“Are you sure of that?” asked" the detective,
A .'evi,_deIitly disappointed. ._
1.11 have my information from the young lauy.”_
The sleuth went over the room, after examfiﬂng
, ebody and straightening it out, while the police-
an remained at the door. After he had seen all
he wanted for the present, he started for the front

oorn’, where Amine was seated’ alone with‘ her
grief. The sleuth questioned her closely, but got

ery little more information. than he had already
extracted from Jack. _ _.

’.“You say you were looking for lodgings?” he
'd, ﬁnally turning to the boy. '
.¢:%e§, _si1\d”d , l_ 1 H"

‘ ere ,i you ive as .

!‘With Mr. Ezra Norton, of No. —— Blank Street,
the last eight years.” « ”

“Eight years, eh? How old are you?

H
-

oi
..

O

  
  
 

   

  

  

  

  
   

E‘
an
.-.r
FF
(3
(D
:1

“No. sir.” _
“How came you to become a member of his
,.a:t‘riily at such an early age as ten?’
“Mv«father placed me in his care when-rheywent
1:5-—,Sout'h America.”
.‘,‘fAnd your father is there yet, I suppose?”
“_No, he is dead.” . , ‘
mow. came you to leave Mr; Nortons house
ter bein there so long? . .
sai” things to me to-night that I wouldn’t

  
  

   
  

,rHs§norIcn..Kine   7  

ou must remain in this house to-night, and to-

ber, the ofﬁcerwill keep an eye on

’ the‘ inquest, which was held in the house. W11"

“Hum! . And so? you thought you’d ibi-leak 
. ’ ' '1’

« relations, eh ?”

“Yes. I’ am done with him. I shall hoe myjo_w‘n 5
row after this.” I . _ 7 "

“Mr. Norton is a lawyer, I believe?” ' ,

“He is. Perhaps you have heard of him.” .

The detective had heard of Ezra Norton, had A

i seen him several times, in fact, and knew nothing.‘'{

good ‘of him. 
“Well, young man, I’ll have to keep track of y u
for the present, as you are a witness in the. cage.

  
   
     
  
 
    
  
 
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
   

morrow I’ll see what I'll do about you. ”Remei'ii-
you r ' '

“I’m not going to ‘run away,” replied Jack. '

~ “You woii’t get a chance to do it, I fancy,” 1f,e-
plied the sleuth grimly. ' ’ ‘

“Do you mean to say that you’re
me a. prisoner?” .

“I’m going to see that I can put my hands on ,
you when I want you. If I chose I could take  ,‘
to the station and lock you up. As I believe you i
have been honest in your statements to me, Iill
allow you to remain here. The young lady per’-“ ‘
haps can accommodate you with a room.”  ‘

, “Yes, he can have the room next to mine on the
ﬂoor above,” said Amine. " v "’ .4;

“Then you'll be wel.l ﬁxed for the night,” said
the detective. “The coroner will be here ‘shortly,
and to-marrow or the next’ day you’ll have to a ,-
pear at the inquest. As you have no home, or a
ties binding youto this city, it is likely you in
be required to furnish some guarantee to insure
yourappearance at any time the authorities ma”
require your presence as a,witness in this cas 1,’
h The sleuth then left the room and soon after t ‘e

ouse. ' . '

going to  I

“<1

(. L}:
*

CHAPTER IV.—Jack Gets a Job’ with an

Ice, 1
, Company. - 3»

 
 

Jack and Aminememained together for nearly
an hour, and then the coroner and two or three r,e_«
porters appeared on the scene. The corone1‘,’afte;j
viewing the remains, gave permission for an up;
dertaker to take charge of the body. As neither
Amine nor Jack knew any one in the business, the
coroner telephoned a man he knew and the under.-
taker came in due time and embalmed the body.
Jack made it his business to see that none of the
dead man's valuables were disturbed, and as soon
as the undertaker ha ﬁnished the embalniing pro‘:
cess he told him to ay the body out down in the
parlor on the first floor. Then he locked the dohi‘
of the room containing the money lender’s tre ‘
sures and gave the key to Amine, whom he pefr,-,
suaded to retire fortheniglit. After a short talk
with the policeman in charge of the house he we ,1;
to the room that had been assigned to him _a I
turned in himself. ' -

Amine prepared breakfast next mornin , an
they ate it together. Theoﬂicer in "charge uring
the night had been relieved by another, who had
also received orders not to let Jack leavegth
place,’ so he passed the time in the girl’s compan
After dinner they were both summoned to atte ,

    
    
      
    

      

   
   
  

   
 
  
 

  
   
  
    
   
 
   

   
   
  
       
       
  

it was ever the coroner told ack he would cit

  

     
     

    

go on his bond was Mr. Norton, and he didnjt care
“ "to do that. It was a q11eStl0I1:‘anY,WaYi Wﬂethel‘
any judge would accept the lawyers bond unless
' he gave a cash one, and it wasn’t likely he would

give that to keep the boy at libertY- A°°°1‘dU_1g1Y
the coroner ordered a policeman to take Jack to
, his new quarters. The boy begged _to be allowed
’to"remain in the house with Amine until her

 

A glgrandfather was buried, and some arrangements

 had been made for her future.

 

in charge of an oi’f'ice_i'. ‘

- ‘the policeman was invited, Jack proposed to
" 4 Amine that they look over her grandfather s pa-
_ pers together and see if he had left a. will. She
 agreed to this, and they went to the" old_ mans
‘ office. The papers in his desk threw no light on

' the subject, but a bulky sealed envelope was found
addressed to the girl. She opened it and found
 a letter from her grandfather instructing her
‘ what to do in the event of his death He Said 3115
will, giving her all his property, would be found
~ in -a certain part of the safe, and he appended the
combination so that the safe could be unlocked.
/She s instructed to take the will to a_ ce_rtai_n
lawyer, hose address he gave, and place it in his
, hands for probate. The court would then appoint
' a‘guardian.to look after her till she became of
age. Enclosed in the envelope was an itemized
schedule of all his property,_ giving the value he
,. placed‘ on his various artistic treasures, and in-
’ Idicating the amount of money, he had in bank at

L the time he drew up the paper. According to the
./pa~per'the girl would be worth about $50,000,
which’ represented quite a little fortune to her.
Her grandfather requested that she would not
part with his treasured curios unless’ the time

  

    
  
  
  
    
   
    
      
    
 
     
   
   
   
     
  
 

thought was not likely to, happen, and told her to
have them boxed under her Supf€l'VlS1(}Il and de.
posited in :1 safe deposit vault or sa,.e eeping
until she married and could usenthemi in decorat-
ing her home. ' A _ ’_ I “
:“Deai- grandfather!” said Amine tearfully/. He
was always .th.inking of me.” .
iawhy shouldn t he, whyen you were the‘ only 
he had to think about. replied Jack. . You wi
boa rich girl when everything is settled up.
7. «I suppose so; but I would_dearly love to share
»my,._foi‘tune with you,” she saicl._ f d
‘ ‘That would be a foolish tiing’ or you to 0
if I let you do it, which I _wo1uldn t. If I lsiaw a
van We where the use of a litt e money glen give
me a boost, I might ask you to loanlme e moniyi
but‘ I would pay_ back every cent. t is my ain 1-
tion to succeed in life through my Own eXeI‘tl0nSa
and I intend to.do it if I live. ‘ h M
. «But as I 1o0kVupon”you_ as a brother Its ou
kg to help you ‘alon , I said Amine earnestly.“
“D'on’t you worry a out me. I ll get on all rig .
Just hold on to your wea1lth_tl}:: beat ’ylou léntnilyg
how, and _then you ll be al_rigth. 1 tte Pgd af_
will back in the safe now, with . e e er. 3 t k
ye;-_ the funeral to-morrow morning you can a_ e
the will to the lawyer whose address is on Ill:
!:ou’d better take the letter with you, too, andche
mm read it. He will no doubt provide you wi _
"Iuitahlehandhtrust,wo'rthy companion to stay wi
youint is ouse. ‘ _
gfgnd you will stay, too, won’t you?” she said
sagerly. .

jTHE‘ BOY: -ion‘ ‘Kind .

ack replied that the only person he couldvask to.‘

*The coroner ﬁnally consented to let him remain.
After supper, to which

' in the boy induced the lawyer to act atonce. He?

came‘ when she needed the money, which he

     
  

“How can I, when I’ve got to -go to thevliouso;
of detention for“ witnesses?” “ ’ _ " " A"
“I think it’sa shame.” - ' ‘ . . ,
“I think so also, for the Lord knows how loiig ‘
I’ll be kept there, since they haven't caught the ,1}
murderer yet, and they may never catch him.‘ _I£ '
the coroner would only take my word the author
ities would be just as sure of me as if they looked.
me up in a cell. This is one of the disadvantages
of having any connection with a crime that has, _
been committed, when you’re not a ﬁxtui‘e.in the’ 
place. The coroner told me that as I had no rel-.__ _
atives or ﬁxed residence I was just like a rolling 1
stone—here to-day and perhaps gone to-marrow. 
I don't see, anyway, what I amount to as a wit-- I
ess. I’m sure I couldn’t identify the assassin un-_ .
ess I saw him under similar circumstances, and'— ,.
even then how could I be sure of him?” g , " V. 
At Amine’s earnest request Jack was allowed 
to go with her to the funeral of her grandfather 
next morning, but a policeman went with them in ‘ ‘
the carriage. Returning, the carriage took them_
to the lawyer’s office, and there Jack bade the '
girl good-by for the present,'promising to call on .
her as soon as he obtained his liberty. To his’ 
surprise he was set free on the order of a. judge 
a few hours later. It was Amine who did it. ‘ ‘
ter arranging her own business with ‘the lawyer,
who was one of the prominent men of the bar in i
the city, she spoke to him about Jaclgand asked
him to do something for him. Her evidentfinterest

   

 
   
  
   
  
  

 

 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
   
   

 

 

drew up an afﬁdavit for her to sign, and with this
he subsequently went before a judge and guaran
teed that the boy should appear when needed.
That was enough to free Jack, and he made his,
way as quickly as he tzould to Amine’s home, and"-V
was ‘received by her with great joy. He arranged“
to take up his residence at the; house, and next ;,
morning he took an expressman around to Mr. 
Nontops’ house to get his trunk. Mrs. Skinner re-'
fused to give it up. . .
“On what ground do you hold it?" ‘demanded’
Jack indignantly. ~ ‘ . ' " ‘ i
“I’m acting on Mr. Norton’s orders. He told
me not to let you have it.” ‘ 1
“He has no. right to keep my trunk,’ and I in—"
sist on having it.”-* - c ‘  ‘
Mrs. Skinner, however, wouldn't let it go,» so"
Jack had to return to his new home, without. it
“Call on my lawyer. and ask him how you can
get it,” said .Amine, when he told her about the
matter. “I’l1 give you a note to him.” ' '_
Jack called ‘on the lawyer. After hearing the
boy’s story he sent his chief clerk ‘with Jack to
Mr. Norton’s office with a demand for an order
on his housekeeper for the trunk. As the petti-
fogger knew he had no legal right to hold J ac_k’s
trunk, he reluctantly gave the required order, and
so the boy got his trunk. That afternoon a com
panion andhousekeeper for Amine arrived, sé- _
cured by the lawyer, and she took charge at once
Jack spent the rest of the week looking for work‘, .
but was not successful in getting any. The mar
derer of. Peter Von. Strom was still at lar e,
though the detectives were hunting for him? V
only real clue they had was theyvaluable ruby
ring which Jack had handed to the detective first
put on the case with an explanation of ho-wj~_i
came into his possession. Nothin had been s,_§.1_!l_*
in the papers about the ring, as e detective 
lieved it good policyto keep that matter to: Vj_ /

s

‘i

   

'.~}§,


Before handing it to the ‘detective Jack had
refully examined the ring, and _on the‘ inner
'de,,o_f the band had seen t e following: “From
M "C; to _. .” .
, H_e.called the sleuth’s attention to the engraved
ﬁziitialsi when he turned the article over to him.
'91/1» Sunday morning J ac_k saw in the papers an
gdvertisement which attracted his attention. A
l'arg'e~ice company wanted a clerk at their storage
jwuses a‘ hundred miles or more from B on
‘tIi,e*‘Penobscot>River. Applicants were told to ap-
«;v.ly.by-letter to main oﬁice in B , enclosing
‘reference and oﬂice experience. Jack wrote a let-
—,,l:er to the-ice company at once, referring to his
former employers,» and also, at Amine-.’s sugges-
' ‘on, to her lawyer. A few days afterward he
eceived a reply, directing him to call. He did

a

   
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

 handed a. letter_,by the -manager. and directed

(I report to the superintendent. of the .st_ora_g'e
u‘ses.- "Amine didn’t like the idea of parting
pm‘ her new friend, to whom she had become
v.ery'much attached, but J acktold. her. ,th.at..he’d
vwriteto‘ her ‘often, and-that he’d expect to hear
romher just as frequently. He assured. her that
lrsérice.-would.only make him think more‘. of her,
'nd,~that §0m.eiday,,when he got..up~in the.world,
e“hoped"tO',make her his own true wife if she

, _~her..eyes, that she would never marry anybody
..£Bi£1A;‘,‘ griidlio, aéﬁter excliiaéigingvows of affec-
 t ei y,- eypar e . , ‘ —

,3’.

 V.—-Jack Rises the Business;

. -:5.‘ ':few. hours later Jack reached Elmdale with
ibésftrunk and reported to the superintendent at
 i<_:'e.company’s storage houses. .The boss of
 plant gave him a"genera1 insight into his new
(;ties, and after directing him to a. boarding-
'use within easy reach of the establishment, told

_ A V to take the rest of the day in getting settled ’

dﬂcome in the morning." Jack hadn't been a
je.ek'in the office before he had established him-
 on friendly footing with the superintendent.

~_ season‘ for shipping the ice down the river
d'.'-just begun, and he found his hands full of
‘siness. He attended to his work right up to the
§f!'idle,' and-graduall familiarized himself with
l’1~the details of the liusiness. Ashe had an eye
« he future, and was ambitious to rise above the
-' 'eI;of a mere clerk and assistant to the superin-
ﬁmident, he looked into matters connected with the

 
 
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
 
  
 
  

. aﬁresult the superintendent soon found him
invaluable. His wages, were raised, he was. called
*#to assume more responsible duties.

he*Tend"of the season, .
ht to‘ one call from the main office, Jack
‘Was left in full charge of the plant.” Duringthe

n\y, .weeks, that had passed since, Jack left
‘ »t'o_assiime the duties of his position at Elm-
,he and Amine had corresponded with unfail-
regularity. She still lived at the house with
 carpets, hangings and lights; notwith-
g that, it was more than twice_ too large

éﬂintleinan who had been appointed asltrustee
Tl  _' . p T ’.

Us

_ _;,c

530} ICE’ ‘Kline.

«he was obliged to remain on the ground. -

and after a brief interviewgot the job. He .
Cltake a. train to the smallktown of Elmdale

-him except when business matters compelled.themxr-J

‘ia;{oiﬂd:‘.wait for him. She promised, with. tears - ‘

‘ first and lost novtime in communicating the fact}.

ﬁiﬁsiness‘_that he was not expected to know, and .

Needless to say that he made good, and toward ‘
when the superintendent ‘

hLe"n’eedsv of herself and the housekeeper, tor’

    

  
   

.Y-

for. the estate -found it necessary to retain the.‘ 
houseuntil all the outstanding loans had been‘?-‘.
collected as they were due. Amine yearned tovsee‘ G‘ .
Jack, and often asked him why couldn’t he get :3.
a few days’ leave and come and visit her. . J ac‘k,‘ ‘
who was just as anxious to see her, could only re-s-.x ‘
ply that this was the company’s busy season, and 
, _

Although several months had now passed sixtcei".
the murder of Peter Von.Strom, no ‘headway was’ 
made in apprehending his assassin. The detece 
tives failed to locate the owner of the ruby ring).
and had been called off the job and put on‘ othe "
cases. While J ack’s breezy ways and great goodtv
nature «had made many friends for him amongst.-.;,?
the rank and ﬁle of the company’s employees, ‘ “
well as higher up, his success in getting al_iead:3.=,{
had also made enemies for him amon those ‘ove '
whose heads he had passed in so s ort _a tini'e€"" 
There werethree ‘young fellows employed in -vari-rf
01,1303-P30113188 about the plant" who were g'rea.tly'¥“»~
disgruntled by his success. These were Henry“ ""
Almar, Abe Meadows and Phil Taylor.  
showed. their resentment by, refusing to ‘notice3.‘. ‘

   
 
 

.99
tn
‘:1

 

     
  
    
   
  

to‘. They formed a clique and endeavored to make: ’ 1
things as unpleasant as possible for the new"em-".1
ployee. J ack, however, didn’t care’ a ra fo1“their>_
ill will. He feltabundantly able to ta e care‘ ofii =
himself; The climax came when the superinten
dent appointed Jack’ to ﬁll his shoes duringhi _
absence in -B Henry Almarheard the newsrzr

 

to his two cronies. :; .
“Well, if that wouldn’t jar you!” growled Abe?‘
Meadows. ,“The idea. of a newcomer like hinrbeai
ingmade boss over the plant even’ if it is on! ‘. .
f 1: v w ’ = « V”
Pgiingedwftf chlarpigéw, 1”’ Wasnt °"°‘ °‘l “S 39".‘?
. “That's easy,” replied" Phil Taylor. “We stand:-rm‘.
nodslgow becaulse glariling is the super’s favorite;
an e gets -al t e p urns that are going.” '  ..
“I:;,Ie (l3)ae:lel.n1tv:.rl'll{i:1l1ttl:‘ﬂ1g.‘el” gritted Ilzlenry Almarﬁ
, g ee years in‘t IS plant, and» 
llhdon 12 fee thatta I ti’; of any more importance now“. .,
an w en s r in. 
“And I have been —here two years?’ said Mea- 
dows, “and yet I don’t stand one, two, three with“ ‘ "
}I;I_ardgi.ig,.n Something ought to be done to bringﬁaili
im a,peg or wo.”  —‘ 9 1
beT§:)en§ttl;e{a§wJoa§1gre$i that something ought tag 
o . _=_ _ 
_"We three ought-to be able to think of somevxv »
thing,” said Taylor.. - ', 5 -‘
“Let's put our heads together and see if werfi.
can’t hit on an idea,” said Almar. -- i i . '
“If we could get him into trouble with the com»? ««
pany ind sgmehway ‘and bring about his discharge,
“ X29: ..: : .:hI:,i°*i:1;:aP::’ .::“bMead2W::..p
drwghxth lei‘ o,.e ounce,_”u1_,
on see V ow n gt mg can be brought about, 
plied AlI;1:_l', ’Im afraid hes too c1e_ver’to _g1vej
us an op mg. ’ ' . -
T “?an’t we makegoneourselves somehow?” said:
’ay or. _ ‘ _ "
The tléiraeﬁl tzéiedﬁ to think; oft some scheme, buts
were no e o gure one ou . . -_ -
."I’ll tell you ‘who'll ﬁx him,” said. Meadows‘ 01
‘‘ ?«‘i§i‘ii’%’~Z2iiiﬁté°‘§€‘h§‘§;di%“file°§§.‘$.i’%‘ie§’tii3‘’*‘«.
“Limerick, foreman of"House No. 1.” » ' I it
7 V “‘Ho,w’1l he ﬁx himr?” asked Almar,‘. '

 

  
 
 
  
    
    

   

*  .} “.He”s’ down on ‘Harding like .a carload of
211' .' ‘ ,
 “Is he? Why?” asked Almar, with-alook of
1 interest. _ '
. A —. “Hardin cau_ght.him drunk yesterday and gave
 ‘ him a goo calling down. Tha.t’s something that
‘ Limerick won’t stand for from, anybody. _ He
'cked. up an ice pick and would have brained
. ’ ﬁardin , who had turned away, only a pal of his
‘ named onohue caught his arm and hustled him
‘ .out of the back door, with the help of two others.”
“It’s a, pity he didn’t lay Harding out. He
 ; .would; have done us a good turn, though he would
V) have had to suffer for it; but that wouldn’t ‘have
 'l_beenh our funeral,” said Almar with a wicked
. ' u . . ~
 ‘a“ ell, I heard Limerick swear he’d get square
’ with_Harding, and he's a fellow who'll keep his
word. He’s the toughest man employed in the
plant, though Donohue and one or two others are
not much behind him. I’ll wager Limerick will
 ,1: at Harding somehow, and if he’ does it will
I. , . all day with the super’s favorite. _ H .
 “Then it’s to be hoped he’ll reach him, said
,’.  Almar. _
'  , “Here comes Harding now. Let’s break ,away
7 $1‘ 1116 may suspect we are talking about him, said
or.
aiywhat do we care what he suspects?” sneered

 

 

 

 

  
 
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
 

. ar. . . . .
“Wall! it’s the wisiesttt policy not tohgive jhlm tahrﬁ
idea at we are p 9 ing agains_ im ‘or
would put him on his guard,” said Taylor. _
,;b(¢I)1?(?);l,1l How could he guess what we are talking
__  ggoii can't tell. He’s sharper than a razor. I
have sometimes thought he/must have eyes in the
back of his head.”
 Thus speaking, Taylor strolled away, and the
tiller two entered the office. _
. Jacli hadh séaen thehthreeﬁin cOItl"V:7}e1I‘(Sietl}i)Ilg ‘ge-
-fore t ey a seen im. e wa e em _or
some minutes from a distance, and by some kmd
. '03 intuition was satisﬁed he was the subject of
their conversation. _
He was aware they had no love for him, and_he
judged ‘they were still more put out by his being

at returned. . _ _

His new position afforded him the chance }o
get an insight into. all the details of the business
«that he had not already mastered, and he made
the most of his opportunities. ‘

Had Meadows, Almar and‘ :}'l‘ay1log cgivenf the
‘same attention to business as e a one prom
the start,*Jack never could have got ahead of
them. '
- They didn’t, however. - ,
» »All they cared for was to worry through their
/fvmrk andquit as soon as the clock pointed _to five.
5 They never worked a minute overtime if they
...cquld help it. ' ' . ,
-Their eyes“ were always on the clock as quitting
ftime caxnei_(2ii.r%undé so to 1l’Y1?k§ sturef tt}l;iEaItn the
; company 1 _n ge; any ng e es 0 . _
, The superintendent had sized_them up_a_t.their
4 title value, and there was very little_ possibility of
,g:iy lums, as. they called them,.coming~their way.
 ‘- “r »supper, while Jack was ﬁguring on how
: Iieconld improve his work on the marrow, they
me playing ,_p00l='1n a certain saloon where they

5; out at nights. ’

 

THE Boy ion IK{MING/ ‘ A i

put in charge of the plant until the superintend- V

l the ruﬁian who had struck» him, and who wailnshlgu

 

    
   
  
 
  
    
 
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   

I‘.

And yet they thought themselves ill used-w ‘
Harding got to the windward“of theniﬁ '    _,
It was’ a busy day‘ for all hands, for"thre'o
schooners and a train of cars had to be loaded
with ice, and to accomplish the trick'Jack'ke1it'
all the laborers on the hustle. ' 1  I
The ice was shipped to all interior New E.n'g-‘-
1an_d points by rail, to B-—-—, Boston and other
Ports by water. ' ‘ ' F  
Jack passed his orders. to the different fore ‘f
and he gave them to understand that he expettxzla
them to push things. ‘ '
Limerick received his instructions ’ sullejily
enough, but he obeyed them to the letter, andfso
the work proceeded to J ack’s satisfaction. '  E‘
Before it was time to knock off the three ves-‘  ‘
sels had their hatches on and were preparin'g’t‘o*
move down the river. V .»  
That evening as Jack was leaving the supper
table the boarding missus handed him a note
which she said had just been left by a boy. ‘ 7'}
He opened and read it. , . «X
It appeared to be from the night watclimang “ '
At any rate, his name was signed to it. . : ,
The note stated that the writer had discovered
a serious leakage in Storage. House No. 1,.)ai1
it would be well for the young acting superintende.
ent to come over and investigate it without c_lela' ‘
Jack, as he walked up to hisroomr to get‘ — 9
hat, wondered how the leakage could have joc-,
curred. However, he didn’t waste any time ﬁg1ir-
iI‘rI1g over it, but started off towards Storage House
0. 1.‘ < . “
It was dark by this time, and the cloudy ‘sky
made the night more gloomy than usual. ‘ J  _
The wind blew in ﬁtful gusts from the north-’
east, and the trees he passed bowed to him as-if
they knew him and wanted to -excel one another
in politeness. V : 8 .
The road to the ice houses was a lonesomergoiidv
at that hour, when no one but the watchman was
supposed to be in the neighborhood. » C
House No. 1 was at the farthest and most 
some end of the row. V ‘  ‘
With never a light about them, the houses r
looked like ghostly shadows hovering close to
river’s brink, as though meditating a plunge in
the dark waters of the swiftly ﬂowing streaiml
House No. 1,» which was the smaller of the
bunch, stood on a gentle elevation, and’ was
rea(c1hed from the town by a sweeping country
roa . l / "
Jack had got within a hundred yards of—,_i(,{ 
when suddenly two brawny men dashed out o  " ’__f
Eatch of slirubbery, and the foremost felled  T
oy to the ground with a blow from his sledgeﬁ
hammer ﬁst. ' j - r

23‘

  

  
 
   
   
  
   
  

CHAPTER VI--A Fiendish Revenge which Fa:

Jack was taken completely by surprise, and”
had not the ghost of a. chance to defend liimselﬁ
against the rascals who assaulted him. 9 « ' «

He had "been completely knocked out by tho,
blow and, lay quite motionless in the road. xx‘

“We've got him dead to rights now;”_,s?:i:&l
%ther than Limerick, the foreman of Ice

0. 1. _ ‘ ’ 

“He hit at the note -in great shape,” 1

   

   

     
      
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
    
   
  
     
  
    
   
    
    
  
    
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
   
    

’ _d a. al of Limerick's.
“He 1 never give me no more of his blamed jaw,
.101‘ this night will ﬁnish his connection with the
‘ice company,” gritted Limerick. ‘
‘»‘It’s likely to ﬁnish him altog'ether, I’m think-
,-’ if you intend carryin’ out your plan,” re-
plied Donohue.
“ dyer s’pose I do things by halves? What did
We bring the mate along for if we didn't intend
to use her?”
“'I'hen we'd better lose no time a doin’ it. The
watchman is down at Number Four, and we want
to et through before he comes this way.”
if-“ﬁ‘hen whistle for Jerry and Pat to fetch up
the,’ mare.” '
fDonohue gave a peculiar whistle. In a few
moments out of another clump of bushes far-
‘erfup the road‘ emerged two men, leading a
stout horse. -
“ One ofthe newcomers carried a lantern, while
companion held a short whip in his hand.
"hen they came up with the animal the man
j 12* the lantern ﬂun a coil of rope on the

ground,» one end of w ich was attached to the
horse’s bellyband. -
‘.‘Give me.the_lantern, Jerry,” said Limerick,
d lead the mare for’ard a bit.”
Jerry obeyed and halted the animal half a
dozen feet ahead. ‘

,‘?"Now, then, Donohue, do you’ tie the young
Htatherskite so‘ he won’t get loose in a hurry,”
-Limerick. . '-
onohue got down onhis knees and proceeded
‘wind the rope securely around the boy's body,
hut neglecting to include his arms.

Whether this was an ‘oversight on his part or
prposely done, Limerick, who was looking on,
made no ‘remark in referencegto it. _

hilé Donohue was thus engaged, the animal
2. ew restive, and Jerry, who had hold of her by
‘ , bridle, had some diﬂiculty in preventing her
In bounding away.

-“The. mare is in foine fettle to-night.

It's a

flmerick ashe held the lantern so that Donohue
Jghu-Id. see to fasten the rope around the body of
Vh_a_l.f-dazed boy.
Dohohue grinned, but said nothing. , -
2’i*sf’he bent over to knot the end of the rope;
“Hack, who had come to and realized what was
’ nggon, suddenly put up his hands and grabbed
y the throat, fully resolved to sell his life
‘early-
the tussle that ensued the active boy upset
rascal and rolled on top of him. 
“Help me, Limmerick!”: gasped Donohue, mak-
aﬂdesperate effort to pull the boy’s'ﬁngers
_in' his bull neck. With an imprecatlon Lim-
‘ck put down the lantern and reached for Jack.
:,At,that moment themare tookfright at the
‘ ing on behind her and made a sudden
 orward. Jerry lost his hold on the bridle,
the animal dashed down the road dragging
kymounted-on top of Donohue, after her;
he boy. dug his knees into the frightened and
ing ruf‘ﬁan’s sides as his human sled shot for-
at a rapid pace.
te was meting out justice to Donohue, for the
as catching what had been intended for

  

 

THE BOY ICE KING‘? it _ I", as “ L

 other, who -was a laborer named Donohue,’

villus ride she’ll be after givin’ him,” chuckled‘

have been sore on me for the calling down I gave

‘no reason why he should try to kill me. As for

‘gndworse; for he had to carry the weight '

 

 

A .

of his victim on his chest. Jack released the 
lain’s throat in order to get a more secure hold
on his jacket, for he believed that his life de-;
pended on maintaining his position.

The boy had no time to feel sorry for the
breathless rufiian who had fallen into the pit’ he
had du for another. The mare was dragging
them a rig down the road at a whirlwind pace,

‘and’ it was not at all certain that both would not

be involved in the same destruction. ,
The wild career of the mare attracted the notice '
of the night watchman, who had started to walk
up the road.
He took off his hat and pranced about in an ef- ' ,
fort ‘to stop her. She shied in toward the hedge, _ ‘TV
throwing Donohue and Jack with considerable ‘ ..

' force against a small tree, which held them and

stopped the animal. '

The watchman took advantage of the fact to

grgip the maire by the bridle. h
e strugg ed to get away from ‘m but he
was a stout man and held on to her. ’

He managed to quiet her down by degrees. I

The shock of contact with the tree had broken
?onohue’s_ shoulder blade and bereft him of his

ew-remaining senses. ~ '

J ack.wa_s badly shaken up and bruised, but not V
otherivige ]}ll'1]31‘ﬁdidS%e1l}11g througlhhthel gloomfthat I
some o_ y a o o t e anima et the
senseless rufﬁan, and seizing the sl3acker§eodorope,~ T I
rapidly iunwound tit fﬁomthisd body.f b  b dl‘ ’

na 'ewminue_s e soc up ree u a y
demoralized. He l1mped_ forward’ to see who the
person wasi who (liiadt assisifﬁi uncznhsciouslyin his
rescue, an’ oun 1 was e wa c man.

h “He?ll,oi1O’H_ara! So it was youfwho stopped the 
orse . e Sald.

‘Yes, sir," replied the man, dimly recognizing
Jack in the gloom. 
th“E‘hen I owéa yoﬂ-‘£13’ gratitude, for it. is likely‘ 

a you save my 1. e.” « ‘V 

“How is that?” asked the watchman in surprise. . ‘I 

Jack told him how he had been assaulted and 
:¢[!\?.ptli.1‘e(l bytDdar1i) Lﬁiiricllﬁ, fo§lemari_of>Ice Haas;

o. assis e y i e ono ue, 11S pa an o
therqflajfelthey Ilcilad delsigned fog him. ’ ' ‘

en e to of t e short ut wild ride he had.
had down the road astride of Donohue. ‘

“He’s lying behind that tree, dead, maybe, for »‘
all I know,” concluded Jack; “but he hasn’t got ‘
any more than he deserved. By grabbing’, him at 
the critical moment I doubtless saved myself from
death or terrible injury.” The Watchman was

. , .
grslllgllliy a§'lt(?11l1l1(?}l§‘l1deya€I‘:2E  :h(fe\fI:t$1l3hey did?"
he asked. “What have the against you'.’”. '

“I’m sure I couldn't tell you. Limerick might

/

 

him for being; drunk yesterday, but surely that's‘

 

Donohue, or the others, whom I didn’t\recognize,
I have given them no cause to go for me in the
way they did.” .  A ,
“Limerick has a hard reputation. He. killed. a_
man before you came here by letting a block of‘
ice fall on lum. He swore it was an accident, and
Donohue backed him up. As he had a row a short
time_before,with the dead man, there was a strong -
suspicion that he had deliberately 1:21; the ice down
on him. He was arrested, but got oﬁ. at-.1; ’

     
  
 
     
   

  
  
   
  

 

      
  
 
   

dial.-

.ainination in the police court,_as the evidence was
. not:.sti:ong-enough to hold..him.”

.. this.-company after to-night’s work, I shall
.  arrested for murderous assault,” said
Jaic ~.
xlliospi-tal or the .morgue. In any case, he won’t
‘ work here any more. If I «can fii_id_ out who the
_other two are, I’ll have them in jail along with
Limerick.” . , _
1 “How came, you to be out here to-night?” asked
, the watchman. /, _
“I received a note from you at my boarding-
, house just after supper, statin that there was a
"f serious leak in Storage House 0. 1, and asking
, melto investigate it at once.”

 

claimed the watchman.
v V “Then it was a fake note sent by those rascals
1 to decoy me into their trap.” _
“That’s what it must have been, for there is
noleak in any of the houses to my knowledge.”
I , “Well, we’ll tie the horse to the tree and take
_a look at Donohue. If he isn't dead he must be
next door to it.” .
Jack struck a match and held it down to.the
.la.borer’s face. It was white, and ghastly, and
W streaked with blood from a cut on his forehead.
. Although he looked like a corpse, his heart beat
—. . so strongly that Jack judged he was not in any
’ Jimmediate danger.of creaking.
'_‘ _ ‘,‘We’l1 have to carry him to the nearest doctor,”
he said.
“The nearest is Dr. Smith, half a mile away,”
said the watchman. _ . .
“That’s a considerable distance. We’d better
' , tie him on the horse. Then I will take him to
. ‘ town, and you can remain on your job, Keep a
sharp watch out, and if you see any men slouch-
ing -around the neighborhood take note of who
they are.‘ If you recognize Limerick as one of
them you may be sure the others are the chaps
who helped him carry out his scheme to do me
up, and try to identify them so that they may
be‘ arrested. I want to round the whole bunch
up. 4
; “All right,” replied O’Hara. "I know most of
the hands’ by sight. None of them has any busi-
.ness to be around here at this hour, so if I see
anly) I’ll report their names to you.” ’
o

    
  
 
      

 

. then, taking the animal by the bridle, Jack walked
off, with her. The watchman directed him how
to find Dr. Smith's house, and in the course
.. of twenty minutes Jack reached it, and found the
‘doctor in. He told the physician What had hap-
' eiied to'Donohue, and in making his explanation

    
 

  

.~made upon himself. The doctor was naturally
surprised. He called his man and «they carried
the rascal into his oﬂice between them. He found
that Donohue’s shoulderblade was broken, and
» ‘that he was otherwise terribly bruised. Whether
3he had received any internal injuries he could
‘Jiot say offhand, but there seemed to b ’ '
~‘dence that he had. The physician ﬁxed up his
V shoulder, and then tried to bring him to his
 senses, after telephoning to the Elmdale Hospital
to send an ambulance»for the man. Jack, after
haying his cuts attended to, started for the police
at ‘on ~to< report the. occurrence, and start the

  

  

  

 " A THE’ BOY ‘ICE ‘KING’ A
~ba1l rolling for the arrest of Limerick" '_
 ~¥ ‘:‘f‘W;eﬂ,.;liis’:days'a1'e:'1ruiniiered"as an §J1!]3)l0yee of’ 'V A l L 

“As for Donohue-—-he’s a candidate for ‘the’

“A note from me?. I sent you no note!” ex- ~

iiohue was tied to the back of the mare, and

ad to inform him of the murderous outrage‘

  

   
 
   
      
    
  

.7 _
\

two.iinidem‘.iﬁed...associates. ‘.

 

CHAPTER VII.‘-‘—-Jack Visits Ami-ne aid] 

« the Ruby Ring.Back.

' The Elm_dale‘.moi-nin a er. had a full ace "
of the affair-v-which‘t%‘e1?rl;porter',A-secured‘;'f‘?£-an
Jack at the station house, and -.everybody.,c61L
nected with the ice company had heard whatithe
young acting superintendent had been up against
the preceding night before they came to work '
the morning. Naturally Almar, Meadows,'.a'm1
Taylor held a ‘pow-wow over it. y  _

“I told you that Limerick intended to dovhim',’,
said Meadows. . , . ]

“You mean he tried to do him,” chuckled
Almar. A . 

“Something must have worked loose, or the
have succeeded.” . , " *

“It must sliavegbeen Donohue,.for he seem‘ to 
have got» it intheneck. According to Hardin ”
story, which is no doubt true, he grabhediD6ia
hue just asthehorse started. That saved hisdife
and nearly killed Donohue. . ' ‘ " ‘ ' 
have..had hogluck. Anybody .else would
been killed:-under’ the- same circumstances.?’_ .

“He's lucky all .around, for’ he’s gone. right .
the front since he camehere, while we, whohave
had moreexperience than he, are left, in
shade,” said Taylor. ' V»;
. “Well, it’s too bad that Limerick failed,” 
Almar. “If Harding had been obliged 
the hospital we’d have been rid of,rhim!fox:4? ‘
while, at any rate, and that would have.
some satisfaction. As it is, he’ll be on the” ob
this morning the s e as usual.”

“While V Limerick won’t dare , show up .
more, and will have to skip_ out, if he hasiipii
already done so,,to save himself from gain’
jail,” said Meadows. ' 2

“And Donohue will go to jail as soon as he .
out of the hospital,” said Taylor; “with;the«—3,fe
tainty of being convicted and,serving a teriii
the State prison.” ‘ T

The three clerks were clearly disappointed" _
the outcome of the affair, and Jack's fortun
escape made them a bitshyofc trying any ,. V '
on him at their own risk; for they knew t _
perintendent wouldn’t give them any quarter it
they were caught at any crooked business.’ _.J ’
showed up promptly that morning andereoe
the congratulations of those who iked “hi‘m,g
admired his straightforward conduct and.-close
attention to the company’s business. He appointed;
a_ new foreman, for that individual had—tal{_ ‘
time by the forelock and skipped out to partsun.
known. Jerry and Pat, his associates, came" ‘
work as usual, taking the chances that J aclc” *-
not given their names to the paper. They ‘ﬁe
rather-nervous during the forenooii, but-7“wﬁ_
dinner hour came and they had not been»
fered with they came to the conclusion they
safe. '

  

   
    
   
   
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  

 

      
     
       
   
    
       
    
     
       
    
     

    
     
       
    
    

walking home. , ,
circumstance until the farmer z.f0'1‘: wh ‘
worked read the account ofhthe .outrpgg’e

F15;

     
 

  
 

    
 

 . .
’ I

 - d V  Borlicn iiim. ’ ~‘ 11;

\

  
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  

  
  
  
   
  
   

. , _ l _ .
_ /pnday meal. The paper said the mare was one be delighted to sample your cooking again, es e¢i.”,
\i iathad not been worked for a week, which ac- ’ ally as I've been living on boai-ding—house ‘ash »
‘~ counted for her friskiness, and mentioned the fact since I left here for E1mdale.” ,‘ _
;_that she had a white star on her forehead. The “You poor boy!” _ '
mboy recalled the fact that the animal he had seen . “Oh, I’ve got fat on _:It, so I’m not lookingvfor
/ had a White mark on its forehead, and he told syiiipathy. The boarding missus sets a pretty '
. .the‘farmer how he had seen two men leading good table. At any rate, the house is always .full_  V
such an animal from the ice company’s stable the and I haven’t heard any kicking.” ' '
night‘ previous a short time before the outrage on . It was a tasty lunch that the young people-sat
the -youn acting superintendent had been _com— down to in company with the housekeeper, and
mitted. * he farmer asked him if he thought Jack _did full justice to it, declaring he hadn't e'n- L
hecwould know- the meiiagain if he'saw"them. Joyed such _a meal’since heleft B ’for, his 
. ‘I-Ie »sa,idrhe;felt sure that ’he would.‘ The farmer, ._]o_b at the ice plant. He praised Amiirie’s .cook--
piking’ the ,b0Y'WIl?l’l him-, drove into town after ‘mg to.’ the limit, and declared there wasn’t,her 
dinner and reported _,the‘matter to the police.‘ ‘ equal in the city. She was greatly pleased at his
i «-’1‘w,o police officers were detailed to take the commendation, and felt that the trouble she had
boy to the ice company’s plant and see If they taken for his sake was amply repaid. -"Jack had’
,. could secure the two unidentiﬁed accomplices of not written her about the trouble he had got into ., ,-
. Limerick and Donahue. As. soon as Jack learned with Limerick and his associates for fear she _ ,
..their errand and had questioned the boy, he took would be worried about him, but now that he was _
‘the lad and the officers to Storage House No. 1, with her he told her the whole story." She was
and, orderin the foreman to assemble his work- much.concerned over his narrow escape," but as
ing gang, as ed the witness to look the men over. he showed no bad effects from‘, his strenuo'us.ex- I
' Without any hesitation he picked out J er and perience, she had no cause to worry. Jack spent .~
“Tat 38 i7he'811i1‘3Y0DeS- They Were paralyze . aI_1d four days with her,‘ and escorted’ her around, to»
hotly denied any "participation in the a1Ta1r- various places of amusement. They had a happy
They were arrested, however, and locked up,_ and time together, and both regretted- that the had
an officer in plain clothes was sent to investigate to part once more. Jack visited‘ police hea' q - f“
I eir movements the night before- The policeman ters and had a talk with the detective to Whoryfhe-‘
discovered that they had been out all evening and had handed the ring that the murderer of -the-old
‘not return home till after midnight. As they pvmoney ‘lender had dropped. He learned that the .
had both asserted they had been. 111 the 1101136 3-11 hunt for the assassin had been dropped .for some‘;
ening they were caught In 3 he: afld that told time,_ and that the police had no expectationsithat
' against them. That fact, with the farm he ever womd be djscovered_ . V g _ g
‘ ys evidence, sufficed to hold them for trial. . “W911, if you're done with that -ring ~I‘wi3h
Jerry got --the funks ‘bad and _oﬂ"ered to\ turn ,you’d return it to me. I guess I’ve got the best:
~S1jate’5 evidence on condition that he would be right to it next to the owner, and there is small
let down ‘easy: and the prosecuting 0_ﬂ"1CeI‘ ‘de- » likelihood that hetwill ever. claim ityk’ said Jack,
eidedr to'acce t him. When the Superintendent The detective deniurred at ﬁrst, on the .tli,e"
returned and earned the facts of the case he was ground ._that such thmgs belonged to the police.
iindignant thatsuch an outrage should» have been department, V . .. - Q g '
‘Worked Gﬁ’ 0!! his 37011118 aSS}Sl3ent- " ~ _ _‘ “But it ‘seems ‘to be of no use to the police de-
 w.“The rascals shall be punished to the limit of p.a,1-tment, ’ pepsisted the bpy, “It's a Valuable
‘the.-law,” he said. ring, and I’d liketo wear it.” '

 

   
  
 
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
         
      
     
     
  
   

 

  

in

         
     
     
      
   
     
     
  

a -He called on the prosecuting officer _and asked “Will you give ‘me your word that you won’t '
that the men he brought to speedy trial. part with‘ it if I.let you have it, and that you .

' /“I will try them as soon as_Donohue gets out Of will return it to me If_ I should call on you to do
he hospital,” said the public prosecutor. so?” asked the detective.’ .

  

In the meantime, as work had slacked up a bit “Yes,”_ replied Jack promptly.
-31; the plant, Jack obtained permission from, the “All right; I’_ll trust you,” said the sleuth.
uperintendent to run down to B_—-—- for a few I;Ie gotthe ring and handed it to Jack. .
ays. 'He posted a letter to Amine, telling her _I.congratulate you on having such a good-.
. he was coming to pay her a short visit, and position as you tell me you have, and that your
_ 9}}Q’wed himself next _day. _The girl had got his pi-aspects of advancement are good.”_ *
letter and was expecting him when he rang the _Thank you. I hope to be superintendent of _
Abell at the late residence of Peter. Von Stroom. the plant some day—that is, if in,erit Will‘ et it—,
~ he sprang into his arms with an exclamation of or boss of one of my own. There s a lot money
. _ I , ~ v - in the ice business if it’s worked right, as the
‘ " ‘‘_You don’t know how gladvl am to see you,. different companies that control the product aim
,7, she said. , to keep the price up. The proﬁt our company
‘You aren’t any gladder’ to seenie than I am makes is more than one hundred per cent. It is.
go, see you again, Amine,’ he said. If I declare almost like ﬁnding money, for the ice itself co_sts_
,Qu1re prettier than ever. , _ . . practically nothing, the_only ’i"eal expense pbeing.
‘And you’re bigger and handsdmer than ever that laid out in harvesting it. _ _ g V ..
mu-5é1f,’~’ she declared, laughin ’ and blushing. B_utlthe plant required for storing it"un‘l.:il_
‘Dear me, what a hear you are! she added, as the time comes for shipping it costs money, said‘.
he gave her another hug, which he supplemented the detective.‘ _ _ M,
{ugh ‘a‘kisg_ ‘ > ‘ “Of course, but once built you have it right;
ell, .1et’s sit down and have a talk:”' along-" '~ ~' 

       
       
    
  
  

   

9
~.

  
  
     
      
      
      
 
    

  

     

  

  

 
   

   

     
   
 

N t t'lI" ' ’ . had} h., I ‘prepared_it',mY‘ “Then there. are the. freight charge_3;’mp°) I
D, 1 ,Y'ml1v§ dy~.a‘i1indcwaitin%;;’.. tr  ’ '1Il»3_:hdl!1,g it tomarlcet. That to ‘ u

   
    

.~,,.

 
  

 admit that it is.” e l  ' "A -  _ ,.
“And then there must always be a percentage .CHAPTER VIII.-—-Something,About theflce
oss owing to shrinkage of the ice, at the store- *' Business, ' ‘ xi‘ -
(1! sea, and in transit.” - ' _ - ' . _. I A
is not as mucn as you may‘ think. No mat- Jack was eager to learn how the ice com 1)
_r,'what it.costs to land a load of ice at the mar- harvested their ice, and one day approached th
et,*Jthe price the company exactsfor it is suﬂi-y superintendent on the subject. That gent V
cm to always produce a very satisfactory appreciated -his assistant’s desire to obtain a-
, roﬁff’ the knowledge he could of the business in ‘whit!
1' guess yoifre right,” laughed the sleuth, “for he} ‘W35 engaged: and gave him 8 genelal ihsigh
_e -public is always kicking at the cost.” mm th? mel7h°‘d5 9mP1°Y§d- _He,a15° Promised
‘At length J ack’s leave of absence expired and Send hlm 01-It When the 106-Cutting‘ gangs Shit.
e returned to Elmdale. - Summer being nver, the Work» 50 that he_W°u1d Obtain 3 Practical ‘i  '
’pr'nent of ice was l_argely decrezi.se(l, and the mt‘) the ha1'VeSt1Dg Part 0_f the b11_Sin.eSS-
orce of employees at the plant was temporarily When Cold Weather Set "1 ahd 131="e1‘ navig
I‘ uced. ‘Among those who received notice that got .d1th,CU1t and finally (310583 1113-a1t08eth€!'
ir services would be dispensedwith was Arthur — W35 5h1PPe_d alt08‘€t_hF-_I' by C31'S- _ 011 the 
glmar. He had been attending to his duties in day before ThankSglV1T18‘_J3Ck P9-Id 31'{°th91‘-~ 51
isuch 'a. slip-shod manner of late that the superin— to B 7 and _S ayed elght d3«Y§ Wlth--A he
tendent had got disgusted with him. As he was ‘much t°.he1‘ dehg t- _ _ ' ’
~l:/1%: oldest employee at the plant, he was furious They had 3 §P1ehd'1d time together, and'W
'hen the" boss told him that he would have to go. , he left he D_1‘°m1Sed t0 Spend Christmas Week 
'3 held an indignation meeting withtwo cronies.’ .« her. On_his return the superintendent sent 11
' ‘d: the bunch felt sure that Jack Harding was “F the “V97 t°. Where 3 gang‘ Of men W38
the ‘bottom of Almar’s dismissal. _, V », }300g‘e31_:n1t%e ms bﬁeld.  f%1_1I}1clt}l;h'é'_meh h. .
" he’ down on th three of us” 5 i Almar .n 1 e.'§ ape . Ms’ W’ W 1° eywemc K
5 yo: chaps can “ﬂake up your’ misdi that ﬁt; ting hfles in the ice, about ﬁve paces apart,
.il only‘ be ‘a question of time when you. get ﬁveﬁt at P2“; °f tilefnveri Whlch was “°-W fr‘-’z.e. .
. , alking papers, too}, ar tenougl or'st a hing purposes. d‘J}ack knew
ate the lobster!” said Abe Meadows vin- was 00 earyyet 0 "a-West Ice’ an e .w°n.de» .
. “I wish. Something would ha en to what the men were doing, for the superintendent
in ' - pp _had not explained this part of the busines

e;fiiIe‘Zi‘“Ai.i.§¥?€i‘§£§§’§i»§°s§$i‘§§”,in§ %‘ii2i‘3.’§$’;§ He asked the foreman in charge "or the
 'then,'1’ farther ahead in the world. ,He has sneaked _ w}i$V31,>yav'§ag°tI~}1ee'—f;)erI;
7

w.

 
 
 
   
    

     
     
  
   
      
   
  

    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
         
   
  

  
 
  
 
 
  

 
 
  
   
    

     
  
     
   
   
    
   
      
 
  
  

  
  
      
    
       
      
  
    
  
    
  

  

 - . ly “you see this coating‘
,way into the super’s good giaces, and you can - Snow , . 'l . - . -
V - , « - - . prevents the ice from forming fas_t,enO, l
mble on it he ll hold on to his cinch with all Snow is Warm, as I suppose you know; "A’su$'h

 ight. I*l’e’s one of those leeches that never

    

ét"i;:Q>s9f a good thing as long as there is anything . gﬁzirgéioﬁg ‘)1-Iiegzgrﬁg, Yglldimi t§r°s%§.h '33:},
‘It’s too bad that Limerick didn’t ﬁnish, him Eﬁﬁﬁﬁii§‘§;h'i,h§,é;‘§°fﬁ§‘,f"jn{‘}§f,t‘$3’,3 ,1;e;;'¥ £3’
 «ti1'f!€.”»'~°-laid TaY10};;, “BY the Way; I Wonder » berries and other Dlgnts from  kil ,
Whf-;'IN‘el'theIfe low 1:I9en‘c}.I Sh Id I k 5” keeps the river warm in the same way.’ Ice‘, ,_
“ ,l°"‘ lmeréctﬁ glw to“ .11 h1;’W'- _ d form, to be sure, under t_he'snow, but 5 slog, _
§2il1l)ao5?0:ir1id"3i2y’Il §et).a’EIleavsV1(:)(ﬁ‘:’Iieyegrdrhgiegs? » 3}-lcaftatwe Eﬁguldhlztlget 1[I(1l01]’e£nt}ha1f :| h1§lP".j’.f 
9 - n cu o~e= e an er our «
erick WaS_Sma1“t enough t0 e5<%3P6 that by‘ ]“I see,” repliedoJa:k_. “'1llie zweeihgvlait‘ of tlites
,)f.t1I1gﬁ Out Tlght aWaY- 1'9???’ L0 W5 and Pat makes the ice sink a little; that forces the We
hagann werfe foptls‘ for not doing; the same. Now up, and the water .S0aks the snow’ Valid
33’ -31‘? 1h 01‘ 1 - V freezes and makes ice.” - ~ g
‘The conversation then‘ came back to. Jack “Yes, but that top ice—Lsnow ice, we call it
Harding, and what the trio didn’t say about him good for.nothing. It’s only a bother to us, as ye
sn:’t worth mentioning. It is probable that Jack_’s will_see if you are hereﬂwhen we are Clltt:
§§:rs_ ﬂing-led thtat‘ nightfhif ahieiie ifs Bny iclfliéth 13 Buttilt doets}n’t preveiiit the ice from forming nde
e .o " supers 1o101'l. e a 0 one , an nea as e snow oe_s. ‘ i - . . ,

iheiother two came off on Friday,» an\d the aid . ' “I und.erstand.'. The ice is a good conductor‘

a

furnished‘ by ‘Jerry Loftus. helped to convict caloric, and the snow isn’t,” said Jack, _w ‘ \
onohue, and Magann, and they were sentenced» learned enough of natural philosoph "
six years each in State prison._ . ‘ public ‘school to_com'e to this conclusio _
fry got three. himself, but ,sentence was sus- you have horse scrapers to. scrape the siio 
nded in ‘his case, in consideration of his having “Sure, we have; but the ice,;isn’t'strong 'en_0
 used‘as a witness by the State, and,he was here to bear a horse‘ at present. As it’s gg \
«ﬁIo"\vedjto“ go free, but was required to report__ colder every- day, and the ice lS_- getting‘ th’
_e .-amontli’ to the police. Although it was a“ by degrees, we’ll_soon-have our scrapersa g
"' ction to Jack that’ two of his enemies had Jack was much interested, .in"the ‘wdv ,,
e 8d.'.'l7h8lI‘ just deserts, he regretted that thanks to the~_superintendent’s ‘friendship,‘h;e,
’ ‘ k, who he felt satisﬁed was the, chief’ nothing to do, that day but watch —the_-work
ndfel, '_had escaped. Something impressed he "stored ‘th‘e’ki'iowl_edge ‘up ;£or”fiitur¢-_i'~”i:efe_.
‘ ‘ " ' conviction,-thatyhe would .inée_t the , A—bout_ten days. later he ‘ ompa
"and hek ewf Eh‘ ' Would‘ ‘ L’ hh Se. and  33f

   
   

   
  
   
     
   
  

  

    
   

      
      

  

   
   
  

  
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
    
  
    

 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  

  
  
  
 
 
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

 
 
      

"horses, and-so the workmen began scraping the
, snow up, like. hay, in big windows stretching
:,across the river. A week later a heavy snow-
I storm, accompanied by sleet, and followed by
‘ hain‘, swept that part of the country.- When the
‘storm was'over the river was covered with a
coarse frozen crust, too hard _for the wooden
scrapers; This brought out the ir_on-edged scoop
"»s'crapers, formed for removing either _heavy or
crusted snow. Each scraper was drawn by a

 

frthi and loops for the shafts. _
Jack was now almost wholly empbyed in the
oﬁice alon with _Abe Meadows and Phil Taylor.
A part of is business was to see that the owners
.of the land along the river ‘and the..big creeks
got their checks ‘for the privilege bought by the
company of cutting the ice within the radius of
tlieirproperty rights. _ _ _
fﬂaving access to .thlS information Jack was
‘able to inform himself as to the amounts the com-
pany paid for the privilege to the different P91‘
sons along the route operated by_the ice com-
pany. Meadows and Taylor, finding that they
-gained nothing by being at cuts with the superin-
tendent’s assistant, gradually assumed’ a friendly
attitude toward him, which they probably would
not have done had Henry Almar remained on the
job. Almar had hated Jack more than the. others,
and hadbeen the active cause of putting the other
'-two .a.gair‘ist the newcomer.
;boy to hold feelings against any one, he was
rather pleased than otherwise to be ;on social
terms with his oﬂice mates. _They jfailed, how-
ever, to get him to spend his eveninlgsbalt thg
‘billiard room they frequented, as Jac e ievﬁ
in emplpying his time to more advantagal ke
-was ambitious, rid in consequence 3«1W9-YS- 9° '
irig ahead. The ream or life now was to get lpto
the ice business as an owner. _ He was gathering
all the knowledge-and experience he could get
hold ‘of to that end, but he foresaw that without
' oney he could accomplish very little. This was
$15119 more important, as his brain grasped the
dice business from‘ a wide point of view. He did
fﬁot pi-opose to go into it with only limited facil-
ities, and thus be handicapped by circumstances,
rid unable to compete with the big concerns.
His ultimate ambition was to become a power in
3the'ice business, .He dreamed of the time when
‘through his sagacity he would come into control
”f_t1-,e entir product of the State of Maine, and
’ ‘ ﬁx prices and build up a big for-

T‘ in a. word, he wanted to become an ‘ice kin .
After spendin Christmas week with Amine, J ac
eturned to ilmdale to ﬁnd that preparations
were-getting under way to harvest the ice farth-
er up the -river, where it was=reported to be
Tbetweenﬁixteen and eighteen inches thick. The
 A rintendent, after coaching him, sent him to
V’ " after the work. The company expected to
icutover 100,000 tons of ice that year, and had
‘built two new ice houses up at the new ice ﬁeld
55. store its product. Jack found that he_ha£i a
small army of men to keep track _of-300 In 8-0
-—'and the‘ superintendent told him that he eig-
vpectedithem toicut 6,000 tons.a day. and 93°“? It
nithe houses. The responsibility of turning out
i at amount of frozen water, therefore, devolved
ero. » i- _ ‘
(mg: iv; .we11 ﬁtted fornthe task, for he knew how

0
O

s‘ l THE nor._1cEi-!1:1iaTG_',i,‘.

horse, with a harness which consistedtof a simple i

As Jack was not a»

,ward the windows, where other men caught" and

 

to get the most out of a man and without acting’
the part of a slave-driver, either. . Operations"
were begun with a piece of board and a curious ‘.
looking instrument. One of the men got down :one i
his face and took sight across the board at a tar-
get, set up in one of the windows of snow, while,
several others drew the instrument along the edge W
of it. They thus marked the ice somewhat like is ‘,
schoolboy draws a straight line with a pencil and
ruler. That was called striking a strjght ‘line.-
Next the men proceeded to strike another at right
angles with the ﬁrst one. To do this accurately
the “straight-edge” board is equipped with an W
arm, which, when open, lies on the ice like a car‘.-
penter’s square. The instrument used to mark
with was called a handgroove, and had seven steel
teeth, set one behind another. The first tooth cuts
the slightest groove in the ice; the second a triﬂe
longer and deeper; the third deeper still, andfso
on, till the lastleaves a groove an, inch and, one-
half deep. A .  ~
Thus the men laid out square-cornered ﬁelds ,
down the river, which were to be subsequently cut
up into large cakes for transportation. The cut-
ting Jpi-ocesssis an interesting one to a personwho
like ack on this occasion, sees it for the ﬁrst time.
but we haven’t space ,to describe it. It is enou h";
to say that the ice is not cut through at once ‘by t e I
machine that follows the “marker.” A four-inch‘
cutter was ﬁrst used, then a six-inch one, which:
was succeeded by others each cutting two.inch'e’s
deeper, which is as much as a horse should-.1)
compelled to draw. The ice was cut in this way '
about two-thirds of its thickness. As the morning
advanced Jack put moreand more men and mas :
chines at work, and the river in that vicinity pre-_
sented a busy scene. On one side the six, eight-
and ten—iiicli* cutters were going; on the other men’.
were breaking off broad rafts of the grooved ice «
and ﬂoating them along a canal which had been;
cutto the two new ice houses.  —
Some men were cutting through to the water"
with saws. Others were splitting off the sheets,.
the ends of which had been thus cut, with ironk
bars. And others still were calking with ice chips .
the ends of the grooves which were to come in con- ,
tact with the water. The calking was to keepthe-
water from running into the groves, for if it gets
into them it will circulate through them, then;
freeze, and the ice will be a solid mass again, as
if it hadn't been grooved at all. A sheet of. ice»
consisted of three hundred and sixty cakes. On
man sufficed to ferry it up the canal to the‘ ice.
houses. where it was broken up into blocks of -six.
cakes each. _Each of these blocks was ‘fastened:
upni. by an iron grapple, and taken by two men
and a horse up an inclined plane to the summit’
of a strong staging built before the windows of:
.the ice houses. It was ‘lively work, one horse go
ing up after another at a swift pace. i 9 ~
At the summit of the staging the blocks were
seized by men with ice-hooks, and shoved alongto-‘

                 
        
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
    

  

   
  
    
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  

 

 

whirled them into the house, where, layer upon
layer, they were stowed away. Jack had to be
here, there and everywhere to see that thi swer "
kept moving, since it was no fool job to arves
-6,000 tons in a day, and he was required tosee
-that_it was done. Had Meadows or Taylor’-been
intrusted with the responsibility they never can

:have made good, for they were not built. like 
Henry Almar had been put on it the‘iJreri‘i‘nw

   
 

_;year, with a thousand tons a day less to handle,
and he had fallen down, and the superintendent.

. had to look after it himself. As he was a very
busy man, he took a chance on Jack this year, for

 _ he had sized the boy up as a hustler, and he had
- .no- cause to regret it.

 

CHAKTER IX.¥The New Superintendent. 2

The superintendent was so pleased with Jack's
, work that _he kept him in charge of the entire
,, ' harvest of the company‘that year, and the boy
 didn't return to his oﬂice duties until all the ice

Gliouses were ﬁlled to overﬂowing. By this time
‘I Jack had the ice business down pretty ﬁne, and
could have ﬁlled the shoes of the superintendent,
’ with satisfaction to the company, at short no-
tice. The shipping season came around. again,
and then Jack realized that he had been a whole
year with the ice company. He was getting a very

with"‘Ezra Norton, as he intended to do, because
the lawyer had refused to tell him what he con-
sidered due him. consequently he had a nice little
8.CCO,l1nT at the Elmdale Savings Bank. He visited
Amine once since Christmas and spent a couple
«of days with her. She was now going on seven-
teen, and fast developing into a very beautiful
‘young woman. Jack began to fear that he would
soon have one or more rivals to contend with, but
‘she assured him there wasn’t the least danger of
such a thing. She didn't go out in society, and
I therefore her chances of meeting with young men
were limited. At any rate, she told Jack that she
 never would love any one but him, and she hoped
I he would remain equally true to her.
. “Well, you can bet your life I will,” he replied,
« with an emphasis that satisﬁed her that he meant
it.‘ “There isn’t another girl like you in the world.
Amine, and I thank my stars every day of my life
that I» have won your love.”
. .“And I think there is not another boy like you
. y in "the world, either,” she replied with a smile.
What could he do after that but grab her in
, his arms and give her half a dozen kisses? Amine
.‘told him that her trustee and guardian valued her
estate at much more than the $50,000 Jack ha
.. roughly estimated it at. - ~
 “The treasures of my grandfather have alone
been appraised at $25,000, ’ she said. “The house,
which I thought he rented, turned out to be his
. own property, and is worth about $15,000, without
the furnishings. He had $35,000 in bank when he
was,kil1ed,land he had $15,000 loaned out, most
.of which is now collected. So you see I’m worth
nearly $100,000,’? she concluded. ‘

'“And I’m worth only about $250,” said Jack.
f‘I’m afraid your guardian and trustee would not
‘seriously’ consider me as a suitor for your hand
if he ‘knew about it.” . -

“Don’t you ‘worry. about that, Jack, dear. When
.1 marry I shall suit myself and not my trustee,
;’,who will have nothing to say’ about what I shall
' 1-» shall not do after I’m eighteen. At an rate,
:1 mean to marry only you, unless you should ﬁnd
some other girl that you like better.”
’ “Not much danger of that; ‘but, still, I don’t
‘~ intend tomarry you until I can support you in the

tyle. to which your, money entit es you to look
01:.” - A

    
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
   
   

. P

I ;THE -nor  I :.

satisfactory salary now. He had not squared up ‘

i said he would have a talk with the detective who

   
    
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
    
    
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
  

“Now, Jack, we won't talk aboutmy money’
more. By the way, there is one thing that lI*want.
to tell you. ‘Among grandfather’s papers th
trustee found an application for a loan signed by:
a man named Charles Torrens.’ It was endorse
by grandfather as granted on a date about six
months before he died. and the ‘loan, which 
for $5,000,, was entered in his booksin due form
The loan had just six months to run, and was_Se-,
cured by-' an endorsed note. Now that note was
not found in the safe where he kept such things:

“Then the man must have taken it up,” ‘
Jack. st  - _,

“There is no evidence in my'_grandfather’s books.
showing that Mr. Torrens paid the note, and he
was very; exact in his bookkeeping. A memoran
dum was found showing that he expected Mn‘.
Torrens to call on the evening he was murdered,i
and I have often asked myself if the man’ I Se '
in, and Whom you afterward saw leave the housl
in a hurry immediately. after the crime was~coIn
mitted, was Charles Torrens, and whether hedi ~
not kill grandfather to get possession of his note,
which he was unable to meet, perhaps.” ’ ‘ 

::My gracious! It in_ight_be. so,” exclaimed Jack

. What were the initials inside the ring that the».
murderer dropped and you found?” I .

“I can tell you without taking the ring‘ fro
my ﬁnger. Itreads: ‘From M. C. to C.'T.’,” re-
plied Jack; . _ . ,=

“ ‘From M. C. to C. T.’,” repeated Amine. "C
T. are the initials of Charles Torrens. Miglit*!iot'-
the ring be his?” “ ;

“By George! That’s so,” exclaimed Jack, a bi
excitedly. “It looks to me as if the Charles Tor-V
rens in question was the murderer of your grand
father.” e 

“It would seem so. There i evidence that 
grandfather expected him to cal that evening and
take up his note. The only person who did call km.‘
grandfather was the man who killed him. If lie’
was not Charles Torrens w_ho'was he? The dis’
appearance of the note without any evidence ‘
show that it had been paid looks asvif the visit!)
was Torrens, who, after killing grandfather, took,
possession of the note, which my grandfather’
probably took out of his safe in expectation 19
Torrens’ appearance with the money to take itnp
and then left the house in the hurried wayqrou
witnessed.” ' ’

“Everything points to Charles’ Torrens as th
murderer: At least that is my, inion,” sai
Jack. “Have you called the attenti n of the pa
lice to the facts?” ‘ ;~

“No. ~I spoke to my trustee about it, and Ch
originally had charge of'the case.” -

“What was the result?”

“I haven't heard.” . ,

“Well, I’ll go and see the detective myself rig};
away. I think the matter is too importantto 
neglected.” .  . 

Jack put on his hat and went topolice head’-I
quarters. He inquired for the sleuth who‘ had ic-
turned the ring to him, and learned that he was
out of town on business. Then he asked to see the
chief, and was told that he was in Boston, but was
expected back next day. .As Jack had to leave f
Elmdale next mornin there was no chance of 
seeing the oﬂicial, so e wrote a note to the dam
tive and left it to be delivered to him when he with
back. Then he returned to the house andnto

  
  
   
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
    
  

‘mine that his visit to police headquarters had
been without result. They taillked gie maitér over
or ,a. while, and then branc ed 0 on t eir own
rivate aifairs. . '
In his ﬁrst letter to Amine after his return to
Eliri;lale_Jackfasked her ighthe detective htaﬁie callllgg
Loni.’ ‘er in re erence o e suspici ns y
formed about Charles Torrens’ possible connec-
tion with her grandfather’s murder. He eagerly
waited her reply. Before it came an unexpected,
change occurred at the ice plant. The superin-
eiident who had been so friendly with Jack was
"¢,alle‘d"sg ..}}._—, and on the following day the boy,
W-hohad. been left in charge of the plant, received‘
telegram from him which stated that hewould
dt.;return',. and that a new super«intendent~would=
e‘d0wn,to Elmdale in- a day or two to take’ his
face. ; Jack was very sorry to hear this news. The;
: tjeasupezintendent had been a very good. friend of-
'isj,1and' he hated to part from‘ him: However,‘
'thei*.e‘-. was no help for it, so he hoped lihat his new.
boss ‘would turn outto be an agreeabv e successor. ..
nT'the~followi.n da_ the new superintendent ap-
;peared.. He wasga dzrk, saturnine-looking man_ of-
aliout thirty-ﬁve years, with‘ a peculiar expression,
 eyes, and apparently of a nervous tempera-
 gm §)1‘%§en§liIlg himself at the office he ask-
1-.»,ac ~ ar ng. —' ’
Harding is outside somewhere,”_s_aid Abe Mea-
_ws who had no idea who the visitor was.
 hunt him u_p,”‘re,plied the man sha1;ply..
Whereis the superintendent's private oiﬁce? ’
“We have no superintendent at present, but We
expect‘ a new one to arrive soon,” replied Mead-
.s. » '
“fl «am the new superintendent,” said thecaller
r‘j1§i.a.v,.tone vthatimpressed the clerk with the truth

 

 

'~:the. assertion, and he ‘immediately became’ very“
lite. to the new boss. _ _
“I will ﬁnd Harding for you right away, sir.
hat door yonder leads into the super-intendent’s
rivate room,” and then Meadows hurried out to
‘ d'Jack‘and tell him_ that the new super had ar-
led and wanted to see him. '
He found Jack at Storage House No. 1.
“Ourvnew boss has turtriied up and is at the office
aitin for ou,” he sai .
‘mgr so-?’¥replied Jack. “What sort of a look-
man is he?” _ , _ H
 don’t fancy him. He s a queer—looking guy,
‘plied’ Meadows as they started for the oﬁ'i_ce.
’ "is got a~smooth face and looks something like
actor. I’m afraid he’s_a. Tartar, for he has an
ye;,1i](e a gimlet, and it isn’t a pleasant one,
'the’1~;.-'.His complexion is almost as dark‘ as a
jéitican-, and I .don’t like the expression of his

, , I’m thinking you won't ﬁnd him anywhere-
égr ‘asf friendly as our late super.” _

fI‘.he’" description of the new boss, as_ given by
’ ' was not reassuring to Jack. However,

. intended tomake himself as useful to the new
‘fmrintendent as he had to the old one, and he ,.
’ sted that his efforts would be appreciated.

What» is his name?”

He5didn’t tell me his name,” answered Mead-
,“,He was.shar._p_ and sweet .with»me, as _if ’I
unted to nothing. I reckon‘ I sha’n’t like him. "

ey centered theofﬁce. Jack looked ‘around,
didnot. see the stranger. ’ V‘

he asked.

5 ’fe're'is_the new superintend,ent:?_”
ifhyi.-‘his private oﬂice, I guess, said» Meadows.
' ‘crossed the oflice‘ and entered the room.

5-'
In
.

 

I iior 'IC1*3.s;I‘{I1\cIt};l f  it

‘v

-from the general manager of the company‘-con

pleasant laugh.

   

There, seated in the pivot chair,‘ was the newcomj _
er, nervously drumming on the open desk. His
back was toward the boy, and the moment Jack’s ,
eyes lighted on his ﬁgure it struck him that he 
iad seen the man before somewhere. At the

,sound of Jack's entrance he swung around in the

chair and looked at the boy sharply. Jack admit-‘ 
ted .to himself that Abe Meadow’s description had_ 
been good. and he was not favorably_impressed
with the new boss. ' ~.
“Are you J ack. rHarding?’.’ asked the newcomer ; _
in an‘ aggressive tone. ; ' 
I am, sir. I believe you are the new’ ‘fa’ * : ‘
. “Superintendent?” interrupted the man,‘ with‘
an unpleasant smile. “Exactly. Here is a letﬁar '

 

 

   
  
  

firming the fact. I will introduce‘ myself. "My-
name is.Charles Torrens.” . .— c ; u '
v “Charles_Torrens!” almost g'asped.Jack, pans
ing as he was: about to.open..the letter, and star
ing. at the newsuperintendent. in soomarlced a way-
as to attract the-man's notice. ‘ . » . ,
“That's what I said,” he replied sharply. “What? ’_':— ‘
makes you state -so at me?” ’ '
“I beg your pardon,” ﬂuttered Jack.
read“ " . »
He was about to say “the letter” when the new‘ ~
boss. caught sight of the ruby ring’ on his -ﬁnger;-'" 3
He turned white’ in a moment and interrupted the.-’ . ‘
boy with a ﬁerce imprecation. It was the same '
imprecation, and uttered in the same tone, as 
Jack had heard from the unknown-man» that fatal V - ~
night on the stoop of the red house; as Peter Von .=‘ ;‘
Stroom’s residence was called ‘byihis neighbors;-p
and like a ﬂash the foggy scene with the.muﬂ"Ie&-“
up stranger, the assassin .of.the old money lender;-.
passed.acrcss.the‘ boy’s mental vision; He looked“
quickly at the new superintendent's ghasﬂy coun-1. :
tenance and saw the baleful glare the man bent.-"
upon him, like that of a tiger at bay. Instinctive-2 _(
ly it struck him that he was face to face with the ,
murderer of-«Amine’s grandfather. ‘ '

 . .

 
   

CI-IAHPTER »X.—fAttacked in the Dark. T’

The new superintendent seemed to recognize l a
Jack as the boy he had encountered on the door-2
step of the red house, for he was indeed the man 1 f‘
who had killed Peter Von Stroom that eventful:
night. For a moment or two the pair looked at'g,f_,‘
each other in silence, uncertain what course to’
pursue under the strained situation, At length"
Torrens pulled himself together with a short, un-

 

V » ‘;
“Well,” he said, “why don’t you read ‘the let- ' 
ter?” ; '
Jack mechanically opened the envelope, which "
was not sealed, took out the enclosure and read. V
the letter, which bore the printed heading of the"
ice company. It was addressed to “J ackpﬂarding,
E1msdale,” and in a few typewritten sentencesvin-‘
troducedthe bearer, Charles Torrens, as_the suc- '

 

‘cessor of William Prebble, the latesuperintend-‘

   
 

ent-. It was signed by the general manager of the=
company. By the time Jack had ﬁnishedits per-
usalhe had recovered his self-possession. ,
“Shall I introduce you to the oﬂice help and
show you over the plant, Mr. Torrens?” he‘said,"f
as he folded the note up and put it in his pocket;
“Yes," repliedpthe newcomer. V 

   
   

  
 
   
 

» “Follow me, then,” said Jack.
..As they passed through the office he introduced
Meadows and Taylor to the new superintendent,
.. 'and then took him outside. An hour later Tor-
1: renswas back in his private room, and Jack was
-2 on, his way to his boarding-house to dinner.
-~ '. “Curse the luck!” muttered Torrens, glaring
- out of the window at the river. “That’s the boy
-  I’-_en_counte_red on the stoop .of Von Stroom’s house.
‘ What was he doing there on that occasion? He
;, ‘seemed to be looking for the bell, which would
 indicate that he had never been there before, con-
. sequently he was not a friend of thevold money
', leader. He must have brought a message‘ from
soihebody who had dealings with Von Stroom.
. Judging from his actions and the way he stared
,  at me in this room, I’m afraid he recognized me.
Yet how could he in the fog and the way I was
, muffled up? His statement wouldn't count for
' tnuch before a jury, but unfortunately he found
- 1 my ring and is.wearing it. That would be a dam-
», _- aging piece of corroborative evidence against me,
=,— as my initials are on the inside of the band. I
’_ suppose he recognizedits value and didn’t turn it
'* over to the police on that account. I must get it
 ' away from him somehow._ I am not safe while
‘_ he has it in his possession. It was a desperate
' - game I played that night, and I ﬁgured I had got
away with it. ,I must make friends ‘with this boy,
so as to throw him off his guard, and delay any
, -action on his part that may make trouble for me
 ‘ _~ while I consider what is to be done to insure my
u safety.”
’ Z Vlgien the new superintendent met Jack that af-
, tern on he was very suave toward him, but there
 was a look in his eye that warned the boy to put
no trust in his friendly attitude. That evening
Jack wrd:e a long letter to Amine, telling her that
,,the man they both suspected as the murderer of
, her, grandfather, namely, Charles Torrens, had
 been appointed superintendent of the ice storage
plant, and was already on the ground. He de-
tailed the peculiar circumstances of his ﬁrst inter-
‘ View with Torrens, which, he said, satisﬁed him
j’_ _ almost beyond a doubt that Torrens was the guilty
man.
 He also wrote a letter to the detective in which
he gave all his reasons for believing that Charles
Torrens. the new superintendent, was the mur-
‘ derer of Peter Von Stroom. He p-osted both let-
ters in the postoflice and then returned to his
boarding-house and went to bed. Torrens spent
;., the evening in his room at a small hotel in the
. town. Feeling that he was menaced by exposure
and arrest as a murderer, he paced his apartment
with a lowering brow, and cudgeled his brain for
some plan that would save him. Finally he left
the room and went down tothe bar for a drink.
"It took several whiskies to steady his nerves, and
“then he walked out on the street. The night'ai_r
' cleared his brain some, and he was better able to
‘think. Standing near the ostoﬁice, he saw Jack
approach and enter the bui ding. Watching him,
he saw him post his two letters, and he suspected
at once that the --boy had written to B _ in re-
lation to himself. That made him feel desperate.
, ‘ “I have no time to lose,” he muttered. “I must
take action to-night, for if he has notified, the
police of his suspicions concerning me—-—for I am

 

 

 

 

 
 

here by to-morrow ni ht. Yes, something
“xnust be done to-nightat all azards."

 rah’ BdY4IoE7 

-he lived, so he shadowed the boy to his boar

' to his room. He had already taken enough Ii

certain he does suspect me——a detective will be.

He determined to follow Jack  ee-

  
 

house. There was a common saloon.ac)'.'0ss
street, and Torrens went in there, and _'called f
whisky. When he came out on, the-street» a
he took particular note of J ack’s abiding place
well as the neighborhood, and then walked‘ ‘ha '
toward his hotel. He went into the bar aga
passed an hour thinking and consuming ,
three more whiskies. The liquor heated his bra T"
and made him feel equal to another desperate " ~
if necessary. ‘ _ ' ‘,
‘‘I’d be safe if he were out of my way‘
gether,” he muttered to himself. - “Since I
already a murderer, another crime under the e
cumstances can make but little difference. '
I’ve got to hang it might as wel'l_be for as 
as for a lamb. That boy's death may make al "
difference in the world to me. Dead boystell". 
tales. If he lives he may babble information»
would land me behind the bars. At any rate,
must get the ring, and if I have to kill him’ to g’
it,’ so be it. It was his misfortune to get hit 
it. ’ 7
It was now close on to midnight, andthe-
was about to close for the night, so he tools’ aria
other whisky, bought a pint ﬂask of it, and“ "

 
 
    
  
   
  
  
   
    
      
   
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
  

to make most men more or less drunk, but it s
ed to have no such effect on him. It only se
to nerve him to the commission of another c '
His room window faced upon a veranda, ' ' .
saw he would have no trouble in reaching 
ground. He felt it would not do for him, ‘a s
_ger, to attempt to leave the hotel at two o’c
in the incrning, for that was now the hour ~
might lead to unpleasant suspicions, especial] ,
view of what might happen if he was able to ca"
out his plans. While. standing in» front of
saloon that faced .Tack’s'boa.rdin -house, just.
ter he followed the boy to his roos , he had nbti
the light ﬂare up in a certain window, and ‘
Jack in the room, so he concluded that Jack cc‘
piedtthat apartment, which was on the third
ron .

The question now was how could he reach
room without attracting attention. It would ‘ 
be necessary to get into the house. That wzﬁg
problem that taxed his ingenuity. Had he ‘
an expert-crook the task would have’presen.te
great difficulty. A skeleton key or a jimmy we
have done the business in a jiffy. ' He had nei I
nor had he had any practice in their use.
man less resolved in the purpose he had’ i"
mind would have given the venture up as too
cult for --accomplishment. Torrens determined
trust to luck and cautiously made his.exit -1‘)?
the hotel by way of the balcony. He didn’t'
soul on the street as he made his wayftoi
J.ack's boarding-house. Standing on the opp
side of the way, in front of the closed saloon
_saw a man come staggering along. The fellow v
very drunk, and Torrens watched. him try I
where he was bound. He stopped in front 0‘
boarding-house and began to fumble for h

In a moment a bright idea struck the ‘new
perintendent. He crossed over just as 
got the key in the lock and opened the door
ing the-‘fellow a push that sent him down
hands and knees, he got by him and ran
dark stairway. He went on up to the th _,
and stopped in front of the door of the ‘

N
:3

  
 
 
 
  
  
    
 

  
 
    
   
    
   

     
 
 
 
  
  
 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

  
 

     
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
   
  
  

‘ ie.ved-‘was occil ied b_ his intended victim. Luck
 certain1y.»bei'Ii)iendeVd him‘ so far, but the ob-
stacle presented’ by the locked door was .yet to be
oiverccinie. He heardsthe staggering steps of the
drunkgn niian $11 the’ si._tairs fcoirgilig 1111]). kllllez :23
'” runer an eore or esoc
'°Y§l-Lmea had sent all the’ fumes of the li_quor to
his head. The fellow passed the first landing and
lcaine up the secondﬂight. He was talking to him-
self in a growling tone and making quite a bit of
noise. When he reached the landing on which ‘Tor-
rens stood« he calme tgvard ﬁhe superintendent,
feelin his way a ong e wa . _

6 ‘He gstopped close to Torrens, and it then ap-
peared that his rooniil WaSdI&eXl1}»l’.01 Jlfclkfs. bAl.s he
swayed to and fro e su_ eny os is aance
and fell with a crash against the door of J ack’s
room. He made noise enough to awaken the dead.
Atiany rate, the racket awoke the boy from a
‘soon-d sleep. He listened and heard the drunken,
‘man pawing at his door and trying to gel’-, 011 his
gs. Wondering what the trouble was, he got up,
‘ ck a match, and, opening the door, peered out
into the corridor. He recognized his next-door
neighbor-ion his hands and knees,“ and then he
sawlthe dark ﬁgure of the intruder in «the back-
ground. He supposed it was one ofthe boarders
who had come in with the tipsy mgr), and as the

ired in his ﬁn ers he sai 2
nn?‘tISl}<:.r‘:e),{pgive me a han% with Johnson and we’ll
’ im into his room.” _
.'1.?l.‘(]‘:a1rrens lstegped fo}i;wa&~d,XutJno11{; Eéiithdtlﬁlg-

 eninaan. siac ze -
‘chi left argm the new superintﬁndﬁnt seiﬁied

' the “throat and forced him ac into is
hdglmlaliicking the door shut. The be realized at
mice. that something was wrong, an he tried to
égll for help, but the onlysound he could utter
-was at choking gurgle. Torrens forced him back
on the bed, and a desperate struggle ensued be-
tween them, for Jack felt he was ﬁghting for his

5:‘
a

life.

1?

CHAPTER x.i..—In the Clutches gr the Law at
, Last.

The room was dark, save for the faint light
that designated the window," but_a myriad of lurid
sparks ﬂashed before the choking boy’s eyes as
‘the,~irillain’s grip tightened on his throat. In hi
X ﬁorts to get free Jack accidentally gave his a -
H ailant a heavy kick on the shins. The spot he hit
as a tender one, for Torrens had been injured
ﬂier‘ a few days before. The pain was so intense

. tiall released his hold on the boy's throat.
gggkpiifok advantage of the fact to tear his hands
free and shove him back. Torrens tried to recover
his advantage, but failed. J ack, who was a strong
, grasped him around the ‘body and swung him
;over on the bed. Torrens now found himself
placed on the defensive, and realizing that his
H uin was certain if -the -‘boy got the 11PPe1‘ hand Of
im, he made a furious ﬁght of it

old his antagonist, but, believingphim to be a
thief, he was determined to capture him. The
xuggle was making a good deal of noise, and
o of the boarders, who had been aroused by the
'  man's tumble, came out into the landm 1'0
Xestigate the cause of the continued rac et.

 

 .  ,   lrimisor  "

‘ boarder.

‘ a policeman who happened to be passing at the

for he-moment’ that the rascal uttered a’-groan ,

»- up on the charge of murderous assault. Jack held

For someminutés Jack had all he could do too " could not believe that it really was the new super-'

 
   
  

  

They found Johnson fumbling at his door,‘ but 
that didn’t account for the noise in Jaek’s.mo1n. 
One of-them. turned the handle of J ack’s door. and 
looked inside. He saw right away ﬁthat. ‘some-.
thing unusual was going on in there, apparently’ .1‘
a scrap" in the dark. _ p . *
“Get some matches, Lewes,” he said'to the other
“There’s trouble in here. Hurry!” a ‘ 
' Lewes brought the matches in short order,  
the ﬂash of the ﬁrst one showed Jack Harding ;'
struggling with a stranger. The matchlight did 
more than that. It illuminated Torrens’ cou_n- ‘
tenance, and Jack, with an exclamation of sur- --, ',
prise, recognized the new superintendent. , ‘ ’
“Mr. Torrens!” he exclaimed. ‘  ' ".
“Yes, and -I suppose the game is up!” cried the _
villain. _ . .
As Lewes lighted the gas Jack let go of‘ 
Torrens. ‘ ’ ’ ‘ ",
“Whatare you doing here in this house, and; ,5
in my room, and why did you attack me so "»_'¥‘
viciously?” demanded the boy.  
“That’s my business,” glared Torrens. '
“It’s mine, too, and I can guess the reason, A
Perhaps you intended to kill me like-you did poor - '_.,
old Peter Von Stroom, because you thought I rec-~ '
ognized you as the man I met on the stoop of his
house immediately‘-after the murder was com-
mitted.-’’ , * p ,.
, “You infernal imp, I will kill you!” cried the‘_',
villain, suddenly drawing a revolver. ~ ‘j7
Jack reached for his arm with the instinct of . v
,self-preservation. There was a ﬂash and a stun-. 5;,
ning report. The ball whizzed past the boy and z:'
hit the second boarder who stood behind him‘. — I
The man fell with a groan. A fearful struggle 
then’ took place between Jack and Torrens for ’
possession of the weapon. Lewes jumped in and-*9 ‘
turned the scales against the rascal, who was dis-H
armed and held by them. The report of the re- ,
volver not only alarmed the house, but it brought

 

 

s

 

    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
      

moment. He found the door unlocked downstairs’
and came up in a hurry. The first thing he saw

was the boarder lying unconscious and bleedJ'!rg'_
across the doorway of Jack’s room, and then he,
saw a desperate—looking person struggling in_ the

grasp of Jack and Lewes. He «didn't ask who’;
had ﬁred the shot, for it seemed plain who the
man was. He pulled out his handcuffs and

shackled Torrens in atwinkling, as several other

boarders came upon the scene. Of‘ coursektlie
shooting had put the house in an uproar. The
landlady was aroused, and almost had a ﬁt, think
ing at ﬁrst that the building was on ﬁre. A call.
was sent to the hospital for an ambulance, but ~
before it arrived the policeman marched his pi:-is- .3
oner to the station house, where he was locked;

 

we’

 

an impromptu levee in his room, but he said "as ’
little as possible about the man who had created '
all- the disturbance, The morning paper had an
account of the ‘aﬁair. Abe Meadows and 
Taylor were astonished when they read it. They

  
   
   
   
 
  

intendent who had attacked Jack Harding in 
room and shot the boarder. They lay in Will’.
for Jack as he came to work. » 

“Say, Harding, ‘who was the man who was an»
rested last night at your boarding~house 11” 
Meadows. “The name given in the paper ‘

     
    
  

riis 1

-‘the same’ as thatbof 01111‘ new superintendent; but
it couldnt have een im.

“It was him, just the same,” replied Jack.

4‘/ilthwas? ./Ziﬁidtlie ig inmJail for assaulting you
 an§‘Hse<ii<s).1;,i’ng e oai er. ‘
-., “Great thunder! What was he doing at your
» , boarding-house at that late hour?” .

' . “He came there to do me up.”
“Doyou up! What for?" V,
» ’ “Because he wanted to get me out of the way.
K “Why did he want to get you out of the way?”
"5. “For the. reason that I recognized him as the
— Vurdgrer of aln oldl I111:-)lIlle3i’1lel’é(2lel:' .namedBPete’i;
' on troom w om e 1 e as spring in -———
The two élerks gasped.

_}.

    
 
    
  
   
   
 
 
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
 

Jack told them about the murder of Amine’s

‘assassin dropped at his feet when he_ﬂed from
the house. . .- _ _ . .
. -“The new super is a pretty slick individual,
. but he’s up Salt Creek now,” said Meadows. ‘_‘The

 

charge.” ~

~morning_but the surprise their new boss had-
treatedthem to.

'tion.
affair, and then explained the cause of it, to the
astonishment of the judge and_others who were
,.present. Torrens glared at J acic during the pro-
ceedings, but had nothing to say. The hospital
doctor reported that the lodger was seriously but
not fatally wounded, and that he would get well,
so Torrens‘ was held simply for his attack on
Jack, pending action on the part of the’author—
"ties .of B , who werenotiﬁed that a man.
..su,spected* as being the murderer of Peter Van
j‘Stroom, was in jail at Elmdale. The detective had
hardly more than read Jack’s letter when the
chief of police at B got the telegram from
the Elmdale authorities telling him about Charles
Torrens, and his presumed connection with the
3murder of the old money lender. The chief im-
ﬁnediately summoned the detective and told him
to go to Elmdale by the next train. Jack sent a
brief telegram to the manager of the ice com-
pany that morning that caused him to make
reparations to go to Elmdale by the next train,
' 00. Both he and the detective reached the town
about dark.
 "The manager went to a hotel and sent for Jack
‘while the detective went to see the Elmdale chief
?of police. While Jack was telling his story to
the manager, the detective was looking for him
' 1: his boarding—house. The manager was amazed
at the boy’s revelations. He... remembered the
7myste1‘ious murder of the old money lender, and
:was,stagg‘ered at the idea that Charles Torrens,
who was an old employee of ‘the ice company,
was practically accused of having; committed the
‘crime. He thought there must be some mistake
.n, connecting Torrens with the affair, but could
not but admit that things looked bad for the man.
.Ja';ck~ assured him that the cii'cumstantia_l evidence
against’ Torrens was strong enough, in his opinion,
 convince a jury of his guilt. While they were
]~lking~the matter over the detective was an-
ounced, and the manager sent word to him to
0311 th.‘-am". The detective. after hearing the full

   

 

 j; 2' ‘.i . 2::

I ._ . *   il=%.i:~i—*?z~ — I
, THE ‘BOY ICE KING "

“Tell us about it, Harding,” they said eagerly.,
grandfather, and showed them the ring that the.

‘company will have to ﬁnd another man to take-
« ‘-“He and: Taylor could talk of nothingelse that.
Jack appeared in the police-

’court when Torrens was brought up for.examina- ,
He told the story of the previous nights,

, which employed him, was in financial diﬂ"iculties.~.

'pany, a business rival, to sell its plant and busi- '

» cut the ice close by in January. The result woujl

 
   

   
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
 

circumstances from Jack said that Torrensfw,’
themurderer of Peter Von Stroom. ‘He asked th

boy to return him the ring to be used as evidenc ‘
against the villain when he was brought to B——.
The Elmdale authorities waived proceedinls
against Torrens in order that the detective mig‘

take him to B———- to answer the more serious
charge now, against him. Jack was to go’ along,
as he was the most important witness against’
him. Next morning the manager visited the ice:
plant, and held a Business interview with J acko

the company’s affairs, the 1-esultof which‘ was
that he appointed the boy to the ‘post.of.~super‘in. ,
tender-it. That afternoon Jack accompanied the
detective and his prisoner to'B , the manage ~
remaining at Elmdale to look afterthe plant unti .
the boy returned. Next morning Jack appeared’
in the police court at B———- and testified agains
Torrens, who was held for trial..wit1iout'.bai
After dining with Amine he: took the. aftenmom
train back to Elmdale, and at once. entered‘on'“his
diities as the regular superintendent of the.ic‘
1') ant. . . .

' CHAPTER 5{II.]-—Jack Outlines _Hi_s Sclieine. it

‘ The summer passed away aiid‘Jack had hi
hands full attending to the shipping of the large
part of the 100,000 tons of ice harvested durin 5
the preceding winter. Abe Meadows’ and Phi
Taylor did better work for him than they ‘had
for the old superintendent. The reason was that
Jack knew‘ better how to handle them. Butsua
great change was impending in J ack’s prospectsci
When he went to B to attend the trial. 0
Charles Torrens for the murder of Amine’s grand
father he left Abe Meadows in charge of the:
plant, and Abe was tickled to deathat the honor ’
Torrens was convicted and sentenced to dea ’
but his lawyer appealed, andlthat acted as «a 
to the execution of the sentence. While in B'-,-
Jack learned that the Rockland Ice Company

and was negotiating with the Kennebec Ice" com,

ness at the best ﬁgure possible. . _
Jack saw that this change wouldprobably re
suit in his losing his position. Having ascertained
that there was no question about the Rockland;
Company ‘going’ out of business, the boy bega
to consider what he should do with respect tOg.l'Ii'
own future. His sharp brain suggested a scheme.
He determined to start in at once and ‘makecozi
tracts with all the people up the river who sol
ice-cutting privileges to the Rockland Company
their ﬁve-year contracts having expired that year.
This would not require the investment of any
capital at the start, for payments on the iceecut
ting privileges were not made until late in 1:11
This would checkmate the Kennebec ‘Ice
Company after it came into possession of the busi
ness. As soon as he secured the river rights he_._ ,9}!
would be in completecontrol, for a time, at least
of the situation, and he would be in a positiont
interest capital toward forming anew compa
with himse f at the head, to carry on the icefbust
ness. The plant which the Kennebec Ice Co
pany was on the eve of acquiring at bargain ratﬁ
would be almost useless unless the company could"

be that the new company would’ have‘ eve

 

  

 i BOY"-"ICE 

. . ' 0 "» I
sang; ofbuying it in cheap. It was a brilliant
and Jack, with visions of becoming-.a..l_ioy
ceflxing, lost no time in putting it into practice.
‘On his return to Elmdale he'took one _of the
,'.Rog:l<1and Company’s contracts, inserted h1S own
‘name in place of the company’s name, and had a
sup‘
in‘, _ arge of the plant, he started to make a round
ofthose people who for years back had sold the
_."privileges of cutting ice to the Rockland Com-.
pany. He had ﬁlled in the rates paid during the
' ing ﬁve-year lease, which_ he _could easily

  

~.

 
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
      
 
 
   
 
 

inorder to make sure of a harvest of 100,000 tons
of ‘ice. With the documents in his pocket he re-
turned to» Elmdale. v He spent the whole of the
following Sunday at the oﬂice, making a com-
plete list of all the customers of the company,
the quantity of ice that each was buying‘,
and the rates they were paying for 113- He 3130
made a record from the books of many other
things that he wanted to have at his ﬁngers’ ends
wl¥n he started to form the new ice company._
hen he wrote a long letter to Amine.telling
her that, the Rockland Ice Company was going
,. outyofbusiness, and he proposed to start a new
qgognpany to capture the business. He explained
his plan in a -general way, and he said he (1 like
 .. ve her» persuade her trustee to take $10,000
‘  of the stock for her. Jack said he would
ineet the gentleman and go over his plans, and
present the figures that would show that there
as a big thing in it, and that the reason why
 Rockland Company had to give up was be-
cause its business had been badly managed. Amine
wrote back that she would have a talk with her
trustee and not only pro ose that he take the
:sto'ck»i1’1 question, but that ‘he would loan Jack an
chiitional $10,000 to help him start_his com-
pan _, A week later she wrote again telling
l'iiin'”that' her trustee would take the matter up
- jth him, but as he was. responsible to the court
‘  the uses he put her inoney to that he. would
 ‘consider the suggestion unless Jack could
- lirnish. undoubted evidence that the investment
 a, gilt—edged one. If Jack could do this he
‘T’ I‘ ‘as ready to invest $10,000 in the ‘new company
imself as well. In the same mail the boy re-
eived a letter from the general manager of his
mripany to report atithe main office in B—--.- at
e.‘ aving the plant in charge of Meadows»
/"took the afternoon train for that city, arriving
ut dark and going straight to the red house.
e had telegraphed Amine that he was coming;
she was expecting him. after supEer.hebde-
tad 3, good part of the evening to tal 1ngAa out
rthenew company he proposed to form._. Ilnfme
Wﬁias as enthusiastic about it as he was himse . g

‘I’. ~ ~ k t cces of it,
a3:iwsv}:1lS:Li!df13hftne: ehea hgaifashigsrn ller the
" exits he had brought along. He asked her
put them with the bunch of contracts in the
gage‘. until“ he needed them. He said he mtended to
1' on -her trustee next day if he had the time,
‘he was anxious to set the ball rolling‘: ’Ch011g_h
"didn’t want to make any positive move until
rejations with the Rockland «Company ‘were
Next morning he visited the general
He was told that the Rockland Company
gold its, plant and business to the Kennebec

5?
ﬁs-

 

3.3

.ered.-

ly of them printed. Leaving Abe Meadows -

 

 19.
Ice Company, the arrangement to take eﬂect in” it

ﬁfteen days, at the end of which time he would . .
be superseded by an appointee of the new, owners. "

In conclusion the manager complimented Jack _ I

on the _excellent service he had _rendered the com-
pany since he became connected with it. ,
“I have strongly recommended you to the Ken-
v nebec people,” he said, “and it is possible you may
be given a position somewhere in their employ."
“Thank you, Mr. Wills, but I don’t care to en-
gage with the Kennebec Company,” Jack replied.’
“I have other views with regard to my future."
“Indeed! ‘Well, whatever they are, I wish you

success,” answered the manager, and the inter. K

View ended.

Jack then returned to the red house for dinner. a 

Before it was served he asked Amine to call up
her trustee on the ’phone, and ask the gentleman: . ’
if_ it would be convenient to hold an interview with

him that afternoon about the ice business, as it. 5
was necessary for him to return that evening to — '
Elmdale. The gentleman,
,«Hawks, replied that he would be pleased to have

~Harding «call at his oﬂice that afternoon at two. ~ 0

Jack made his appearance there promptly on
tllilfe, with all his documents, and introduced him-
se . . 
“Glad to know you, Harding,” said Mr. Hawks, ._
shaking hands with the boy in a. genial way. “I've
heard a good deal about ou from Miss Falkland.”
Jack opened his hand ag and took thepapers’
and contracts from it. He first went all over the '
ice business, describing how it was» operated, , r
from the harvesting time to the shipment of the 1
blocks by rail and by boat. He showed in figures ’
‘what it cost for the privilege of cutting ice ‘to the
extent of 100 000 tons. The cost of labor, a big ‘ on
item, in harvelsting that amount of ice.’ The wages’
of the regular force employed all the year around.
The cost of maintaining storage houses enouglaleto
hold at least 100,000 tons, together with all ot
expenses, as compiled from the books of the Rdck-r
land ‘Company for the period of one year. He’
showed a copy of ,a traﬂic agreement the company , '
had with the Maine Central Railroad, and another
withthe Penobscot Navigation Company. . 
“What I éan’t show‘ you, Mr. Hawks,” he said, . .
“is he running expenses of the executive oﬂices in’ ~
thi city; but as you are a business man you can
form some clear idea of that yourself.” , ~
“You needn’t worry about that, Harding. You. "-
have stated the main things very clearly, and I
I see ou thoroughly understand the chief features
of t e ice business. A little ﬁguring will show .
what capital will ‘be necessary to put a company 4 4;
in operation.’ To that must be added the cost of I:
building the ice houses and other buildings, buy-,; 
ing; the horses and the tools required in the busi,- f
ness. All that can be easily ascertained by ask-V ]
ing for estimates on them. Now we come to the ‘ r
\point that has puzzledrne a bit from ‘the ﬁrst, and
that is where are we to go for the ice? If we 
have to go far up the Penobscot, for that river, .
of course, is the ﬁeld you naturally have selected,‘ 
the cost of transportation will be a serious item./' .
The Kennebec Ice Company, our rival, has, you 
tell me, acquired the plant of the Rockland con-'
cern, and will take possession in two weeks, 
I "Where, then, will the new company come in?” 
' “The momentl got the tip from my old super-’ —
intendent that the Rockland Company was going
uutof business and was negotiating with the Kem

 
  
 
 

 

whose name was‘ I 1‘

r 

  
   

~  ginebec Ice Company, I set my wits‘ to work to con-

sider the future. As a result I thoughtof forming.

I» . V. * anew company. I foresaw, however, that I had to

J iﬁcheckmate the Kennebec people at the start, or I

, might as well abandon my plans. I found that the

' * ‘ﬁve-year contracts with the people who own prop-

. ‘ erty right on the river expired this year.‘ It

fwould be necessary for the Kennebec Company to

f renew them in order to harvest ice on the ﬁelds

' , near their ice houses. I decided to block them in

5 . ‘this most important particular, so I had contracts

» ..printed in my own name, visited the people and

- secured their names to them. There is the bunch,’.’

 -~and Jack pointed to the bundle of contracts which

 ' ‘represented the key to the situation, and in theory,
at least, made him a young ice king.

 

   
 

 

.-*.

FCHAPTER XIII.—Jack’s New Ice Company Be-
j . _ comes a Fact.

 ' Mr. Hawks looked astonished. .
_ . ‘‘Do you mean to say that you have secured ,.con-
_ l “trol of the choicest part of the Penobscot ice ﬁelds
,‘ A ;for the next ﬁve years?” he said.
~ “That’s exactly what I mean to say; but, unless
‘a the com any is formed I can’t«hol it for pa -
:j‘:'ments"w l_ ave to bsmade in November or t e
 ~.-contracts will be broken." ;
- ,' . “I see. Upon my word, you have a great head,
» young man!’ As the case stands now, if you are
. / able to make the first annual payments the Ken-
 ’néb‘ec Company will be unable to harvest ice any-
where near their plant.” 1
. « , “That's it.exactly. In any‘ event, these con-
‘ Ltracts are valuable if I could be sure of raisin’
- the money necessary to hold thezh, for I coul
. make a good bonus from the Kennebec Company
 "in return for signing them over.”
“I’l1 bet you could.’ ‘ _ _
1 _ .“Now, with these contracts in our possession, I
A believe that the new company will be able to drive
‘ ’ the Konnebec Company out of the river, and make
p. it sell out the plant it has just acquired from the
‘ Rockland Company.” . I
n » ,“I believe you, Harding. You are certainly a
I "most unusual boy: You’ve got the head for run-
‘ning a big enterprise, and for thinking out points
- that would escape many ‘clever eople. I am satis-
«ﬂed that you have pointed t e way to a good
thing, and I am with you in it. By the way, Miss
»Falkland told me that you and she are engaged to
be married.”
“That's right," nodded Jack, “but,not until I
I have made my mark. She is a wealthy girl, and
:_when I take her I propose to have something to
». show myself. I -suggested that she take stock in
. :this new company because I consider it will prove
v a paying investment. I have no capital myself,
"it is true, but I believe my knowledge of the busi-
‘ness, the contracts I have secured, and my ability
 "to. pilot the company to success is worth all the
 ‘capital I would otherwise be called on to put up.”
,: ‘I agree with you. The idea is yours, and but
{for your foresight and sagacit_ the scheme could
scarcely be ‘put through. I will, organize the com-
pany and secure all the necessary capital, and‘I’1l
‘ ‘see that you get stock enough’-to satisfypyour am-
bition, and that you are elected president and gen-
:’eral manager.” _ '
 "Thank you, sir. With your help I have no

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

«people. I hnvelmuch better 'p1‘Olp&_'c,tl,- Bjld.»tK:,'

I thusiastically,

' with you because you happened to be smartéx! thg;

  

doubt _the. company can be; organizediaiidf
operation; and I will see that it‘ becomesa

_ cess." ,

The ._interview. having come to la Jsatilsfa  
conclusion, Jack bade Mr. Hawks good-by an I  _
turned to the red house.- Beforetea he told‘  ‘g .
all that had taken place between him and " I’
trustee, and she congratulated him on the .p1'.[f5Q,
pects of his becoming a boy ice king. After‘.-kg

they rode to the railroad station together,*whene"

he took the night train for Elmdale. -‘When

called Abe Meadows and Phil Taylor‘ into’
oﬁice next morning and told them that thevpl
had been sold to the Kennebec Ice Company,
that their services would not be required afterit

     
  
    
  
    
  
    
  
   
 
   
   
    
    
  
  
  

weeks, they looked surprised and dowii i
mouth. “ ' .
“That’s ﬁerce,” said Meadows. “B‘i,am'e&
know where to look for another job.”  I 
“Nor I," added Taylor gloomily. ’
_ “Don’t worry. If you don’t mind being,
little while, I’ll see that you get jobs as g '_ (3
you have now, with prospects of advanceme
cried Jack. \ .- _;
“Will you?” exclaimed Meadows, .brigh
up. “.We ‘both will be awfully obliged to yo " "
the way, are you going to get a. bettersjob ,
the new order of things?’- , ~ » .3
“No. I'm not going to work .tor»’the.Ka;

tlﬁeispe prospects I’m. going to place  of I i
c a s. ‘  ; I r .
“You’re a brick’ Harding ” said Meade A at
"I7in- ashamed to rememberyg ‘Q

once was; down on you and would have been go I‘ 3;

of ’most any kind’ of a mean trick to get‘)squé;i:9.
_I was if I hadn’t been afraid of being caughi ‘I

it.

“Oh. W_e11_» W8 past and gone now. Their ,
use of stirring up muddy water,” said,Jackg ‘
a smile. I 

Toward the end of the week Jack receiveda -
ter from Mr. Hawks informing him that -11’ '
secured the promise of enough, capital to Sta’
company on a substantial basis, and that ll’
emp oyed Amine’s lawyei-~60 draft articles?’
corporation. . . . ' ., 
_ “I suppose you will be back here in -abou
week, as soon as the Kennebec ,C0mpa.ny[é1;gk
formal possession of the plant,” he wrote
have arranged to have the first meeting imtii *3
ately after your arrival, so that you canfp"
ally explain matters to the gentlemen who;.-
promised me that they will take stock in -,1-he
company. I have already done it in’ a go
way, but your statements, coming from a pr
cal mﬁid, will impress them much better, ~.
I am satisﬁed none of the gentlemen will 5d‘
out after that.” ~ R - I

There was one thing Mr. Hawks might ‘ha
said but didn’t, and that was that it had been
ranged between him and Amine that‘ she» was
take $25,000 worth of stock for herself angle"
other $25,000 worth for Jack to insure his. ’
ing the head of the new company. This _am'’
with the_$15,000. Mr. Hawkspro osed to.
himself, insured the control of t e,comp’
Jack and would make him a, youn‘g*I,ice5 _
which was the aim of.his ambition, . 

About the middle, of. the following;
superintendent who was-to take .chai'g'*e

 

 

    

: —4a;e.m we ~ 2.3:: -it

  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
    
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
    
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 

. THE -por
I ~' ' -
for" the Kennebec Company made his ap-
" ran‘ce,w_itli‘ a note of introduction to Jack.
The boy showed him all over the place, and
‘lained, to him whatever he wanted to know.
Elieri the ceremony was over he invited Jack
dinewith him, and he accepted. .
. tiring the meal the new super offered Jack the
V apo tion of genenal assistant to him. _
« ‘ Thanks or your oﬂ’er, Mr. Ganzel, but Iam
ready provided for,” the boy answered.
‘ I am sorry I should have liked to
a had you. Mr. Wills strongly recommended
outo the president of the company, and I was
to —-to hire you.” .. - ~ ‘
7 Oh,‘ I guess you won’t ﬁnd any trouble secur-
ingafconipetent assistant,” said Jack.
;!‘*I‘he woods are full of average people; the point
a, "aiming at is to get hold of , somebody above
e' average.” . ” ~ . —
ac-k‘ agreed with him and they parted in’ a
, ly way. On the following Saturday the Ken-
ébecﬂompany entered into possession of the
. 'ant,“and Jack returnd to B—— with his trunk.
‘ adows and Taylor ‘were temporarily retained
' 3;» thﬁ, new superintendent, ‘but both told J eck that
e ‘wouldﬂeefve my time that he notiﬁed them
” he was ’i-ea.‘d'y~fto place them. ‘ 
~C'O11!'se' Jack put up; at the red house, for
me‘ wouldn't hear of him going anywhere else.
Monday hecalled on Mr. Hawks and had 9.
in talkwith him about the'new iceoompany.
* e'ntleman’sAre'p‘ort was very satisfactory
try, and it was arranged that the ﬁrst
rig ofgthose ﬁentlemen who ‘had signiﬁed
3intention of ecoming stockholders would
illed at Mr. Hawksf omce on Wednesday
ter‘n‘oon.“ J r ‘ ,
When Jack appeared a little after the hour "set
was, introduced to eight well-dressed men.
a few minutes Mr. Hawks called on him to
gainthe scope and prospects of the new ice.
ny, .'He did’. so, and~at the conclusion of
tatémeiit, which he backed up with facts and
J the company was informally organized
er the "name of the Penobscot Ice Company‘,
“capital stock ‘-ﬁxed at $150,000 (1,500 shares
$100 -each), andit was arranged that Jack was
receive " $25,000 worth gratis in consideration
t”h'e"'fact’that he was the originator of the
e, ‘and for signing over the contracts repre-
etlie ice-cutting privileges.
,. .’ Hawks then said that Harding would pay
5 ,0."cash for another 250 shares.
is was the amount Amine insisted on
oung lover. Amine went down for $25,000
Mi".>I-lawks himself» for $15,000 worth ‘of

hat gave Jack ‘control_of_ the company by a
rity ,.of ' 800 out (if 1,500’ shares, the other
émen signingfor the remaining 700 shares,
W them. ~ . ,’ ‘ ‘ ’

ue ‘time-the Gbmpany was incorporated, ‘and
as elected president and general manager.
e‘c_apital stock was all paid in to Mr. Hawks,
wasyelectéd treasurer. I ~ ,
’k then laid his ‘plan of operations before the
" directors and was authorized to go ahead.

 

loanin_q-».g'

' tracts was clearly out of the question.

“{4lrP{'»:‘

   

r v

ICE KING-
Company the Kennebec people were surprised, but _ : ‘
they were not particularly worried. A
- They believe they had the bulge on the business, '
for, through the purchase of the Rockland Com-
pany, they had come into control of the ice busi- 
ness throughout New England and they didn't‘
see how a rival had any chance, unless its_pur-
pose was to help in supplying the New York
market, and perhaps run an independent trade in
the city of Boston if it could secure enough
customers. V _' ,
This complacency, however, did not last_l_ong. _» 
As soon as the superintendent at Elmdale got
“things working to suit him he started out to re-
new the contracts with the people from whom
the Rockland Company had bought its ice—cutting'
privileges. . - _ ', » ‘ ~ ‘;
He ‘was paralyzed to ﬁnd that these privileges‘,
covering the usual ﬁve-year term, had already
been bought up by Jack Harding in his own name. .
’ ' He immediately notiﬁed the main oﬂice at Port-.
land.of the situation. ' ‘I y 
The president came on at once to see about it. 
After ascertaining that the fact was beyond

 

dispute the celled on the lete president ofthe de-'
iunet Iiocklend Oompeny en gemeiided and ,ex,-—
planation.

h‘. That gentleman was astounded andlcouldvgive,‘
im none. ‘ ,
H=Tge_ only thing to, do was to hunt up Jack . ‘1
ar mg. I "
“This is evidently a sharp tricl_:»on the boy’s 
part to h9ld'us up for a bonus,” said the president A
of the Kennebec company; “but it won't work. T-
He’ll have to make this ay'ments_ in N.ovember,or;, __
lose the advantage he as obtained. ‘Where will . jg
he get the money to do that?” 7 7 - ~ 
“No matter, you'd better make terms with 
lciim’,:’ replied the exspresident, “and in a hurry, ~
oo.. ‘ . . ~ 
“Why?” asked the surprised Kennebec oﬂicial.‘.»'
.u_1;;e might take ‘his pigs to the opposition mar-‘g
ke:c‘.What do you mean?” - \ _ "
“Have you forgotten about this new ice.com- .
-pany, the Penobscot, that has lately _been incor-‘
porated? ‘Suppose he wereﬂto offer his contracts ’
for sale to that‘ company, do_n’t you think the man- { _
ager would snap them up in short order? Then " i g
K0}1r”R0cklal'1d plant would be placed in a ﬁne. 
o e. ,_ '
_ Theﬂiresident of the Kennebec Company real4
geddthat the only way was to come to terms with
at mg. ' — .
His consternation was great when he discovered  ‘
tliiaththe_bo1y was president and general manager
0 t. e riva com any. , .  _ ,.
To ‘treat’ with im for the surrender of the con? "

 

  

 
 
       
     
   

He called on himvto find out what his plans. '
were; . _ g
_ .“Oi_ir plans," replied Jack, “is to harvest the
ice within the radius we control.” 

“But you have no plant on the ground ” said the
Kennebec president. “Wh_ere will you ’store‘it?"’
' “I am just considering the estimates subniittedi
by contractors who guarantee to ., put ‘up: they
houses on the ground adyoining your property, of
which I have secured a lease for a_ term of ‘years’
. and" have them, rea,dy for business‘ by the first

  

   
    
   
 

 
 

 

  
 
 
       



. Although it was not a‘warm day the perspira-
,_ tion broke-out on his visitor’s forehead. ’
' , “I call this business an outrage,” he said warm-
— ly. “Youhad no right to‘ go around and secure
‘ 3 those contracts while an employee of the Rockland
- Ice Company. It was a piece of sharp practice.”
\ V , s “As I was about to lose my position through the
{transfer of‘ the plant I consider I was perfectly
A» ‘justified in .consulting- my own interests-—-and
" ‘« future.” - ' \ . "‘
 .“I deny it. We shall contest your vri'ghtfin
.cou‘rt.”~ . -  < 
 “Do so. I have«consulted eminent counsel‘-and
- we feel secure‘ in our position.” ' ,
. p , “Very well, we shall see. We do not propose‘ to
be checkmatedin this way if we can help 'it:"~'
, “‘You will ﬁnd that you are powerless to pre-
 ,-vent us going ahead/and exercising our rights. I
‘ -‘have transferred the contracts to this company,
‘ , ‘and the payments will be duly made whenithe
— time comes.
' ‘I will make you a cash offer for your plant up
the river instead of building a new one. have
ﬁgured its value out and will offer you so much,”
. and Jack mentioned a sum he was willing topay.
'“No, young man,” thundered the irate ofﬁcial,
“you can’t work the squeeze game on us! ' You
‘ .can't buy that plant for any such sum, or at all!”

  

 

. morrow. When the harvest time comes we will be
; ii-ready for it.” _ _ ,

 ‘That closed the interview, and the president of

 he,Kennebec Company retired conscious ‘that his

, enobscot Branch was in a big hole. He hurried
back to Portland and called a meeting of the

..board of directors to consider the situation.

It was decided to sell their Penobscot plant and
, withdraw from the river, as they did not feel they
could afford either to build a new plant higher up
'_;,__or.: ship 100,000 tons of ice to. the E1mdale_ plant
 by rail. Aitelegram was, therefore, despatched
«to Jack Harding accepting his offer.

., Thus the boy ice king won his ﬁrst big victory.
The money was paid over and the Penobscot Com-
pany took possession of the Elmdale plantat once.
' Jack put Abe Meaows in charge as superintend-
ent and made Phil Taylor hea bookkeeper and

V cashier. iWhen the harvest time came around he

went on the ground himself and watched Meadows

-.handle the job. The young fellow got a hustle

on and did very well indeed. As it was clearly im-

pqssible for the Kennebec Company to supply a

tenth part of the customers it had acquired

through the purchase of the Rockland Company,

' owing to its compulsory withdrawal from the

Penobscot River, Jack felt he would have no great

difficulty in ﬁnding customers, by pushing mat-
ters, for his whole output. , a

 * The Kennebec Company controlled Boston, and
the Rockland Company never seriously menaced

their hold there.

The boy ice king was a ﬁghter from the word
go, and he determined to invade the city and
"start and get a foothold there. This he did, and
9, meat howl came from the Kennebec people.

a g‘hey- put forth their best effort to beat him,

but though they‘ had every advantage on their

side he pushed the ﬁght so. hard that at the end

   
  
        
       

 
    
    
 
       
  

      
      
     
     
    
  

   

    
  

 _' ,.  3. 5 ~_  . ’ . ‘
hrs7eas,the boyuce k1Rg:’§’ second victory. V

as soyiés rinse]

Vhousei—f'or he intended to harvest more ice and id

‘cheaper than the Roclsland people had "ever done“

If you admit that you are in a hole,

, “Very well,” replied the boy ice king coolly. “I .
shall sign aibuildmg contract‘ the day after to—_

A moving chain, returned loaded on thevunderisi

‘ ﬁrst season, and it worked like a charm. l

dale building four stagings,» one above an

of Jack’s ﬁrst season he “had capturednearly half

,\ .

    
 
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
 
  
   
    
  
  
    
   
     
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
 

CHAPTER XV.—Conclusion.
The ﬁnancial returns of the ﬁrbt year

very satisfactory to the‘ stockholders of the:-Pei:
obscot Ice _Company, and they were satisﬁed Vt
Jack Hard1r:g',_boy though _he was, was A3,‘. hug}:
from start to ﬁnish. The rush season was»
and Jack took a run down‘ to Elmdale with a.,
tractor to arrange for the building ’of_another ',

a _bi"gger*business next year. c 9*
"Jack had harvested his ice much quickerfarrd

and he Was ﬁsurmg 611 other improvementafo
the. coming season. The .'old method was to;-age
a horse and two men tofelevate each cake.
from the canal to t e staging. Jack did. awaywliﬁ
that system entire y. He figured out that af'co‘r'n
mon steam engine of‘ forty horsepower iwouldxil”
the work of a hundred and ﬁfty men and seventy
ﬁVe h01'SeS. and do it‘-quicker and better. ' ‘  J
The scllilenie he devised was as f((Ji1l0WS:,. . 
..W0WeeS.0nea ewa-..eran‘ eo».
the top of the ﬁrst ice ouse. * 0 th th?
An endless chain passed" over thern,.hungr
of grapples. When set in motionzby t},e..5{;eaf
engine the fioatin _blocks, of two‘cak'es éacl1‘,'we're
fed into a little s 1p under the lower wheel‘, widen"
revolved Just above the water. " ‘ ‘
,They were ‘there seizedby the grapples, which
coming down empty on the upper‘ side~.o£;=th"1§

Stiff rattan brooms, fastened to the’ platfoﬁn,
swept the blocks clean as the grapples-canﬁiéfii
them up. . r " , - : A, “ £3.

The crystallized’ river ‘water was ithuslieleva.
by this chain arrangement, and poured intona-
ice house indow —— the rattling and s§cl' ‘
masses,-as t ey ﬂew along the stagings, 3 "
l)'l1ng_anv endless’ train of‘ silver-bright cars”
on high bridges in the distance. ,  3
-. This improved method Jack had introd_uced'on'l‘y*
at therupper two ice houses, ashe had no ti‘
to apply it to the bigger plant at Elmdale '

  

   
      
   

A force of men werelnow at work at’ the 

 

running the whole length of the long row yo

houses. An endless chain arrangement was
put up at one end only as one machine‘._wo
answer for. elevating the ice to all the houses. '
bﬁocks would be launched by.the grapples 11’
s ort inclined plane, which would send ~ '
sliding down the gently sloping staging to».
windows, where they would be seized by the , ,
stationed there. The houses being ﬁlledetoj .,
level of one staging, the ice would then, by a~slig'
alteration in the machinery, be carried 11 -to‘
next, and so on until the houses would‘ e’ '
pletely loaded up. \ ,’ .

After the departure of the contractor J 1 kl.
standing in front of the long row,of icevj;
at the ‘Elmdale plant, watching the constrii
of the staging, when he was approacliedb
rough-looking ‘man who had been‘hanging’$
the place for some time. . .—

“Boss, can I get a job here?” he said,‘
that so'ux;&l§§it kg?!’ of 'f8i?;E|ill%I‘ii1I:l the boyﬁ"

 ’s .’rep amyang‘
' W11 bar.  ‘ ’

  
 

   
 
  

   
       
     
     

  

 

   

K

  
 
  
  
  

   

     
  
    
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
    
    
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
   
   

afraid,*however, that we have as many people now
,as.we want.” _ _ .
v“.“I!;‘hen:1e11.d..a.=chap a; 'dollar,'wiil you?’! he said.
»“I’m hard u .” .
V slack put  :ha:n.d in dais pocket :and tendered
“himxa-bright silver quarter. _ '
That will buy you a. meal,” he said, for he didn't
1ike:’the.sinister look in the eye or the hearded
man, and did;not believehe was a deserving ob-
ject’ of charity. ‘ .
. “What’s a quarter?” sneered the fellow. -“It
ain’t no good. I wouldn’t be after wipin’ me old
shoes on that. I want a dollar,” he added impu-
dently; _ _
v ‘Theway he said “I wouldn’t be after wzpm’
me oldshoes on that,” brought a ﬂash of recollec-
tion, across the boy ice king’s brain. ’ He recog-
nized the rascal at once. It was Limerick, the
/ringleader of the four men who had attacked him
that night on the road to, Ice House No. 1, tied
him to the restive -mare, and, but for good luck,
would have caused his death in a horrid manner.
The scoundrel had made his escape at the time
and had not since_been heard from. _
‘S "fEo you don’t want a quarter, then?” replied
ac . ~ . ‘
'*-“No, I don't. I want a dollar.”
,. ,‘.‘-Well, you'll have to want it, Limerick. ’I
ycfancy you’ll not need money, anyway, for I’m go-
‘ i  to have you. arrested and taken to jail onthat
cl charge of murderous assault, for which two of
your three companions are now paying the penalty
' "State prison,” said Jack.
‘ “So you know me, do you?” snarled Limerick,
with a vengeful look in his eyes. '
" .-“I know you, all right.”
,“And you're goin’ to have me arrested?”
*‘That’s as true as you're standlng there.”
‘.‘You’ll never have me pinched! ’I’ll kill you‘
 In D
As he hissed the words out he flashed a knife

Jack was on his guard, however, and, springing
lightly aside, he grasped the wrist of the descend-
ing arm that held the weapon, and with avwrench
caused the rascal to drop it with a howl of ‘pain.
in‘ the jaw with all his might. The scoundrel fell
second rush at the young president and manager
‘ theicecompany. Jack grappled with him and
tlieftwo engaged in a terriﬁc struggle for the
mastery. It didn’t last long, for the scrap had at-
tracted the attention of Meadows, who saw the
 is attack on Jack from the office window. Abe
das ed,out atponce to the assistance of the boy
me king. . _ . ’
3 He seized the infuriated Limerick by the neck,
and two or three of the laborers coming up; the
rascal was secured and. tied. Jack telephoned po-
lice headquarters and a patrol wagon came after
erick. In a short time he was tried on the
ginal charge, convicted, and sent to join Dono-
u'e"and Magann in prison. The Penobscot Com-
pany harvested 120,000 tons of ice that winter,
and during the summer pushed the Kennebec
‘ inpany so hard for its trade that the older com-
yfailed to make near as muchymoney as
 Jack learned that a lot of the Kennebec
l«:«'*'vvas

  fl‘ 'rHEBi'oriIcs"K1NG T i N 

.. ‘notes to. be-‘secured y a first mortgage on the en-'-2 »
€‘I’m~ not givin dollars eawayjust at present.’

. England came into the hands ‘of the Penobscot

~ AVALL STREET HUM.”

Then with his left ﬁst the boy jabbed Limerick‘

l‘tack‘a ‘few feet, but recovering himself made a"

p for sale. This encouraged him to~be- .
.. at the ystockholders of that company, were  ,

 
    
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
    
 
 
  

‘Q ‘, -_ 3.“

i123

getting disgustedwith their returns, so he made 7 - ;
a move that he had had in-his mind's eye'—from
theﬁrst-—he offered .to b11y.1:he Kennebec 
pany out, offering art cash, and the balancein

tire property of his company.  .  .
Aftervsome delay his offer was accepted, and,’
-the control of the ice business throughout all -New

Ice Company, and Jack was now alluded to in the , ,
newspapers as the boy ice king. Being ' now
launched on the top wave of prosperity, ‘Jack, felt’
that he was in a. position to marry the girl of his _ »
choice. Amine made a lovely bride, and the oﬂi;
cials and employees of the ice company gave them ' ,
a grand send-off on their honeymoon. All this '
happened many years ago, and today Jack Hard"-. x
mg is‘ a very wealthy man, and his company’sup- 
plies ice to New York City in addition to all New ' 1
England. The main oﬁice of the Penobséot Iée »

Company is now in Portland, and there J ack-lives, ii,
in sumptuous style with Amine, his wife, with 9-
whom he often talks over the old times when he »,
first became a boy ice king. . ’

Next week’s issue will contain “FOUR [OF   V’
KIND; OR, THE COMBINATION THAT 

KING TO USE GOMMUNION PLATE OF GOLD .
‘ ’ PRESENTED BY AMERICAN 7 , 
-During the royal family's brief holiday at
Sandringham the service of gold communion plate‘
presented to King George by Rodman Wana-
maker, of New York, is being used for the ﬁrst
time. The service, which is set with diamonds and";
rubies, and includes paten, chalice, bread box,,.ves-
sels for wine and water and an alms dish is des-
cribed as one of the most valuable in the country.
The service was consecrated this week by the“
Rev. A. Fuller, domestic chaplain to the King,
and it will be reserved for use in the Sandring-'
ham parish church while the royal family isin,
residence. This is Mr. Wanamaker’s third” gift to,
the Sandringham Church, theothers being a silaw
ver altar as In morial to King Edward VII and a.
silver and 0a pulpit in celebration of Queen
Alexandra’s’ eightieth birthday, Mr. Wanamaker,
is a friend of the royal family and was a great ‘
admirer of King Edward‘. ' -

]:OBACC.

Or Snuff Habit I C
...‘£i!.:.°.:!..8:;.!.*.2.?.".r

.r noun-.ar mum
5oo.9ooM.n.nawou.asnp$‘r‘§"a%. ml 5"

B6 A Date we  

7 Make Secret Investigations ‘

Earn Big Money? Work home or travel.
Fascinating work. Excellent 0 poftuo, ;
nity. Experience unnecessary. artico U

ulars free. Write: — v . 

. ’ GEORGE R. VVAGNER
D'etecti've Training Department
2190 4Broadvray,‘New York ”

 

 A

 

The Wall Street Hoodoo '

._.01-——

The Boy the Brokers Feared

_By Gaston Garne

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER IV.—(continued)

 He actually’ doubled his earnings, determined
, to ﬁght it out with the bootblacks for the position
- , in the Wall Street. district. _ _
»Now he found himself written up in an after-
noon paper as “Bog, the Hoodoo.”

, At ﬁrst he was tickled; then he felt proud of

‘ ’, the comments made about him by the reporter._
, He bought_ several copies of the paper and hid
 them away in his room." _ _
 , He sent one to his mother by his little twelve-
gyear-old sister, whose name was Dora.
Then he gave a copy to Aunt Dicey, the old
' colored fruit and cake womanb _ _ I
“Why, de land sakes, honey, she said to him, '
 "how. you learn to ‘hoodoo folkses? D_ n h
_ Why, I caught it from you, Aunt icey, _ e
 said. “I’m a_ eat hoodoo, let me tell you. I
 can hoodoo a bi ly-goat and make him butt every-
“ thing in the block. _
,.. , The old woman laughed until she shook._
The newsboys told all the bootblacks in the
, block where he lived about_it, and when they read
- the story they believed it implicitly, but long be-
fore that they learned to let him alone because‘
he had. a strong arm and a hard fist. _

The next day after the publication of his Wall
 ‘Street experience he went down to that locality
'* » at his usual hour.

The other bootblacks were on the lookout for
him, but they had read the_story, and now they
.-gazed at him more in a Splrlt. of curiosity ‘than
j of anger, and they thought twice before tackling
 him again. Not a word did he_have to say to any
ofthem; so a week passed without any further
trouble. . 4_ _

. But one morning a bootblack came down with a
L-friend of his, a big tough-looking_chap about
i eighteen years of age. He had said he could
,, , knock all the hoodoo out of Bob in one round.
" The fellow was not.a bootblack, but the boot-
blacks got around him and heard what he said
about his ability to knock the hoodoo out of him,
sand they were all eager to see him do Ill.‘ '
» Bob was around on Broad street, po11_shing_ a
broker’s shoes. The broker was quizzing him
._a»b£u%liis bﬁiiag a laoodiio. dl d _d
-' ,_ o aug e goo -na ure y an sai :
- “Yes, sir. I guess I can hoodoo some people.”
‘ "‘How do you do it?” the broker asked.
\ ,‘.‘I ain’t giving it away, sir,” he replied. .
elggh, you are keeping a corner in hoodooism,
~‘ “Yes, sir. You folks down here et up corners
in stocks, but as I haven’t any stoc s, I just cor-
riser hoodooism.”_ _ ' _ _
‘_ ‘When he ﬁnished the Job and received his
 giiokel Bob arose, holding his shoe-box by the
strap. He looked around for another customer,

 

  

t.

 
  
    
  
  
  
  
  

 

 

  

       

FAME ANIS FORTUNE WEEKLY 

_and with that the broker tossed

 

 
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
   

when the big eighteen-year-old champion of.-Eh
bootblacks walked up to him with a swagg'.eri,_
lwearing his cap over his left ear, and’ said-‘to ‘
11112 - '
“Say, youse want to get out of this. This ain't
your beat.”
“What's the matter with you?” Bob a.sk_ed.~.
“Are you crazy, or do you own Broad street?’?".
“Yes, I own Broad street and Wall. Street anﬁ
Broadway, too,” was the swaggering reply,’asﬂ
he seized Bob by the collar of his coat and gave '
him a jerk forward, adding: ~ '
“Now you git, or somebody will have to carry5,_
your ieces home in a basket?’ . f
Wit that he jerked him forward as if to give
him a start on his way homeward. \ ',. 
The next instant Bob butted him in th
stomach, and sent him rolling into the tter. K. _
As he arose to his feet Bob smashed“ him with» .i.
his shoe-box and down he went again.  ‘
“There, you are hoodooed,” said Bob. “You
get out, now, or I'll turn you into a gutter rat.’.'€
‘The fellow tried to scramble to his feet, mut-
tering threats of murder and all that sort 0'
thing, when Bob hit him with the shoe-box again.
It was as strong as a cobblestone. , y .
The young bully thought he had been strut:
by a thunderbolt. A, _ _
' "Give him another one, Bob,”_ said the broker,
who was standing by looking on. . ,
“That’s enough, sir,” -said Bob. “He is hot)‘-
dooed, and it seemed as if he really was, for .
fellow picked himself up, and hurried away wi
out once looking back at Bob. 3
He turned the corner of Broad and Wei
sreets and disappeared in the direction of Broad
way. - I ._
Several brokers had seen the encounter from
the beginning to the end, and one of them 
up laughing ‘and said: ' 
“Give me a shine, Bob. I’ve got onto‘yo1;m
way of hoodooing. It would hoodoo. anybody to 
hit him with that shoe-box.” ._ 
“Yes, sir. But that wasn't all I done to himlv
I did hoodoo him, and he won’t come back her
any more.” , v
“Say, does your hoodoo follow a fellow after.‘
you get through with him?” 3 ,.
“You bet it does,” he replied, as be spread hi
little piece of carpet on the pavement, and kneel
ing down, began work on the gentleman’s shoes,

   

E53

 

CHAPTER ' V.
The Hoodooed Boots;

It was an early hour in the morning when th
brokers were coming down to their offices, an
quite a number, seeing the encounter, stopped_,t6
look on. ‘ ’ . " _

Some of them went over to speak to Bob, an
the broker whose shoes he was polishing said: ,_

“Say, why don’t you fellows have your shoes".
hoodooed?" .

Another‘ one asked:

“Say, does he give hoodoo shines?” '

“Yes, but you have to pay extra f0r'tW
lfob a qua“ I

    

and asked the question: , s

,1”

    

   
    
   
 
   
 
   
    
   
 
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

i ,Bob,w,i11,thac shine last all day?‘ Is’ it a
i an hoodoo shine?” ' ‘ ’
“Yes, sir. If you’ll keep out of the dirt.”

The brokers laughed at what theyconsidered
witty reply, but as the majority of them left

._ eded a shine that morning, but they
4/1.ui_zzed'Bob a good deal about his hoodoo busi-

mgsg , ., . .
J‘-' Those Wall Street operators are always ready
;:Eor a joke and a hearty laugh.
Bob-was so respectful to them that they took
a, 1 cy to him. ,
‘igiok \-here,‘ Bob, where did you learn that hoo-
on usiness?” one of them inquired.

, a cake and pie stand uptown.”

, ‘All right. If you’ll get her to tell you how to

hoodoo the broker whois trying‘ to get the best
' ou in a deal I’l1 divvy with you.”

, ‘All right,.,sir,” and he dropped down on his

-his/shoes.

 d‘i,dn"t mind it so lon-g as it brought him busi-
ess.1 , ~
“;Fiiiall}y the man whose shoes he was polishing
‘-to im': " - ’ ‘I
 “Say, Bob, here comes a man who is_ one of
thebiggest operators on the Street. I’m buck-
;"ig"against him today in a stock deal. If you’ll
"at 9." hoodoo on him I’ll give you a ten-dollar
ﬂhu V
" Where is he, sir?” and Bob looked down the
k,treet1and saw a sporty gentleman wearing a silk
‘Kit-with a massive watch-chain stretched across
«his vest front. ' '
‘You mean that big one, sir?” he inquire.
“Yes. Put a spell on him.” I
y b’ was in for anything to please his custom-
so he looked at the man and made several
y motions with his hat, winding up with
: rig his right ﬁst into_ the alm of his left
(I with all the force he coul command, say-

.. 7

,‘He is hoodooed, but I don’t knowwh-at is go-
’ " V-to. happen to him.” _
“All right; I’ll keep an eye on him.”_
‘.‘Well,’ don’t forget that ten-dollar bill.”

What’s the matter with you putting a hoo-
-. on that?” the broker asked.

an’t.do it sir.” -

-‘Why can’t you?”
‘.‘Because' it isn’t alive.”
‘7Thuiider! I thought money was very much
ﬁe down here.” _ ' V ‘
We1l,_I haven’t seen any live money yet, al-

gh- it does put alot of life into a fellow
~. V he gets ‘it into his pocket.”

broker had assed about ten paces be-
where Bob an the broker were standing,
‘he stepped upon a piece of banana-peel and
. eavily on the pavement. Being a heavy
., he was hurt. ,
- eral ranto his assistance, but he seemed
le5,to walk, so a carriage was called, and

v.» . with him. ~.
‘broker looked atwBob, and Bob returned
., ggﬁéand lield Ulltillls hand for the ten-dollar

I .
rake: placed-it in his hand. without utter-

 

FAME WANDA FORTUNE WEEKLY
giome with their shoes already shined, very few‘

_ ‘f’. rom old Aunt Dicey, a colored woman who

ees in front of anotherman and began work,

“b knew that they were all guying him, but"

. they placed him inside of it, it drove off’

vdarn please, I don’t want ’em shined.”

 

  

ing a word and went off upAthe‘street as if feel-‘i a
ing guilty of really having done, something“
wrong.‘ ,' ~ _

_Bob quietly sat down ‘on his box _to dosome ,
tihinkingil wondering if he had really put a ‘hoe-M v

00 on e man. ‘ ' —

“What are you doing there, _Bob?’’ 9. man
askegtodstgpping in front of him, “hoodooing, V
some y. ’

“No, sir. ,I’m waiting for a customer.”

“Well, here comes one,” and the man pointed-
to another coming up the street, evidently a coun-'
tryman, for he wofe a pair of cowhide b_o.ots that ‘ ‘
Drcélgaibly 1}]at§n’thbee1a{nhblaf1kei('iied is). a i(riionth.“ ‘ * i

smie s oo is ea an sai : ' .
hf‘That’s his style,» sir. He doesn’t want a . V,
s ine. - 

“I guess you are right, but if you’llshine them "
up for him‘ I’ll pay for it myself.” ,' _

‘‘All right, sir,” and Bob arose to his feet, and"? " ’
as the countryman came up he said: ,

“tsay m1ster,tlgt me shine your boots; it won’t '_:
cos you a cen . i ‘

“Waa1, if you don’t charge nuthiri’,” said the
countryman, who “had been drinking, looking
down at his boots, why you can git t_o work.” - .

Bob asked him to _lean up against the side.of 
the house and put his foot on _his box. .' 

Jlgile ctcliluntryinanh was_ds_uspicious, and looking’;
a “S: 0 znei§t§ian’oue1fa1 £1 h‘ h Id it 
cha1‘g‘g7’nuthin”d3i"dn’tgifivir lm Say 6 won n .~ ‘

9 - “ ,
y0‘1‘1OlIi], yes. That’s the bargain. He can't make -I ‘
-ay. - ~ , . ‘

“Go ahead, sonny,” said the countryman, and
Bob went to work and polished his boots from 
soles clear up_ to_ the top of the legs, for .1113
trousers were inside of them. ‘ V
exglziirgraé times the countryman looked down and

e :

“Gosh!”

_ The broker watched the operation with much ,
lniigﬁsih ariid (iinvitoed sgveral other brokers to T
w e oo oo pera ion. ’

“Gosh!” said the countryman, who had had one

 

 

‘or two drinks of whisky, “I didn’t know they I ~ 

shined boots for nuthin’ in New ,York.” ‘ t .
_ “Well, you’d have to pay~anybody but him. He . V
is the oﬂicial hoodoo shiner of the city,” remarked ' ‘
one of the‘ brokers, who wanted to have some fun.,,.
“What! A hoodoo shiner!” exclaimed the
countryman. ' . ,9
“Yes, that’s what he is. He is paid ten dollars
a day for that sort of work.” I »
“Gosh! You don’t say so!” ,
“Yes,” said the broker. “He is a hoodoo shiner.
When he ﬁnishes those boots they will be“ hoo-
dooed.” _ »
“Well, what will the hoodoo do?”
“Well, you'll ﬁnd that out when he ﬁnishes the
job, for those boots will take you just where they
please, and you'll have to go whether you want I '
to or not.”.. ., . . ~
The countryman scratched his head and looked ,
down at the boots, one of which had been ﬁnished '
and other about half, done, and‘ seemed to be
worried. .
‘Suddenly’ he said: \- " c I -
“Say, stop, begoslil ‘If I can't control 
boots and have to let ’em take mejust where th

  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 

3.

    

A‘.

‘- f.‘Oh, that’s_ all right, sir,” said Bob. “‘You’ll
never, get tired walking in them.‘ They’ll do the
' walking themselves.” ‘
 ‘_‘Yes, begosh! And they’ll carry me where I
' A don’t want to go.” ,
' . “Oh, youare too late now. They’11 take you
along“ in spite of yourself.”
‘ The brokers laughed.

. A crowd of about a score had gathered him. .
T  He drew a ﬂask of whisky from his pocket, took

 

 
  
 
    
 
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
    

‘fliberately sat down on the pavement and pulled
U off’ the boots, saying‘: ‘ “
" "Begosh, they can walk by themselves.

 

'j carrying the boots in his hands.
‘ V.-‘The. brokers fell against each other and yelled,

 

 shinelhanded "Bob a silver dollar.

CHAPTER vi; ' _
 V ‘Bob Makes a Deal in tWall Street.
Ttczvowd‘ followed the countryman to the corner of‘

Wall and Broad streets.
’ ;LA_»policema‘n came along and found -that the at-

 

‘polished boots in his hands and walking in his
stocking feet. «
.'5'Say,.what’s the matterwivth you»? ‘Why don't

street-
put them on]tliey~’ll run away with me.”-

on," so he ordered him to sit down on the steps
ofgone of the big office buildings and pull the
. ts on. ' .

7 s /‘He was really frightened. But hethought that
it was [safer to risk the boots than to be. run-in
by the policeman. As soon as he got them on he
made a break toward the river. ’

 ‘He was an awkward fellow, and before he had

 

._ ~ Twice he collided with citizens‘, and theyrc
on the pavement together. ' . ,
" ‘ It was fun for the brokers, and. they raced
im. - “
The countryman was gasping: ' _ _
“Gosh! Gosh!” every time he collided with
some one. .. ~ _
‘Suddenly he -thought the boots wererunnmg

the best of him. H . -_ _
He seized a lamp post and hugged it tightly

him. . ~

rilharge of him and conducted‘ him to the police

station. _
"' The incident was another sensation for the

,varying, accounts of it. .

*v _ ‘S,ever'al~brokers chipped in ﬁfty—cent and dollar»

pistes ‘to Bob; saying th'z£t'”1ie‘wa?s.giving them’

nl1i%'§‘.funitHan they had had, in that Street during
i 3«S°Q “ ’  .. ' ~ . - ;

\

   

   

 V FAME: ‘AND roar

abig pull at it, returned it to its place’ and de--

They ‘
carr’t"tak'e me where I don’t want to go,” and ‘
 gathering’ them. up, he started oﬁ up the street,’

 Awhile: theman who had agreed to pay for the -

i ‘ success downtown, so he carried-./it 

‘As’ quite naturallunder the circumstances, the =
: into my oﬂice".’,’ 1 .

traction was. the countryman.with his-newly— .

,yo\utpi,r’t on those’ boots? You are obstructing the *- '
« “Gosh! “That shiner has hoodooed .them.; If I y
;. "‘Well, I'll run you in if‘ you‘ don’t put them 

. a margin.

gone a block he had run into half a dozen peoﬁlea .
e

A . forty dollars’ and I’ll add’ sixty to it, and m '
away with him, as the liquor he drank had got’

for fear they would run into the river‘ and drown . t
. . o my
The policeman decided he was drunk and took

reporter, and several of the afternoon papers had’

 

.q

 

  
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
 
  
    
      
  
 

Severalof them offered him big pay «if _he,,,wo,
hoodoo certainothers in the party. ‘  
“Well,” said Bob, “-‘you’ll have to’ let smeydoii
when he doesn’t know it. I can’t very well put‘.
spell on a man if he is watching me and e.xpe‘ct
ing it.” , ’  Av
' The other bootblacks were following thec
watching them»in feigned astonishment. 
They wondered what -strange fellow had it
down into Wall Street to take their basin
away from*them. . ‘ , - ’_ ,;
:When» the. were told that he had hoodooeif.
countrymans boots, they beli'eved~~it ‘implied,
and not for a ten-dollar bill could“ one, o'£?=th'
have been induced to go near-‘him.   
..That funny incident was a smallf. fortuir
Bob, for that night in his room ‘he: 
about twenw-one dollars in. 'coin,,inc1udiziig: W
ten he had ‘received’ from -the.:broker’.when1:li hi
fellow slipped‘on_a banana peel.’ 1 ‘-   ,  '
.-He was ‘afraid to leave -the" money i1rh1_s:._roo:m
becausethe papers hadsaicl so much ‘a-beuthis

moat” ‘

 

 

he‘ went down the next morning. 1 . 2.
-There; again he saw the other bootb ltswa ,
ing him,vbut not one spoke tohim; " ~‘~   , .
-It'.was.ab,out no'on_ -when a broker: named. 
nessey, who: was a. -Jolly,’ wholesoul» i.‘ellow::.'ati7d
great clubman,.met him on the»Stgreet 
-“Say,~yo’u hoodoo, I want -a shine. 

 

“‘A1l right,.sir,”_ and Bob followed -h~imV~up, twr
ﬂights of stairs into his oﬁi’ce,.where he“ 
his shoes while the'b‘roker‘was'1ooking'..—over
correspondence: . ’ . .-< 

-When he ﬁnishedlthe he -‘gave’ hinvr akdime;

“Now, Bob,” said he, ‘the fellow Wl'l0.cajti 
doo things as you do ought to buy-stockand 
doo the market.” ‘ .1; T
“That's just what Pm going to do, sii",_-wl'ie1r
can get money enoug'h.”- V i-’ 
“Oh, you don't want so much moneyf Buy"

I’ll give .-you a tip. Go over  _
bank across the street, in the frontof this.-’ V
ing, give the margin clerk one hundred"
and direct him to buy ten shares ‘of J .‘&. If

“Well, I must wait till I can get thehu 'd,
dollars, sir.” t ‘ .. g " “ 

“Thunder! Haven’t you ani money saved up

"Yes, sir; but not that muc ." g ‘.  ’

“How much have you?” " " ah ’

Bob ‘hesitated. l -

Then he said: , . _

“I've got about, forty dollars, sir.” ‘ . _

“Well, /that isn’t_.enough. The_.,14east .theyxw“_§l
take margins for is ten shares.“ ‘Give mexy

you'll come out a hundred dollars ahead.” ~ ;
Bob had shined for Hennessey'many*ti1,;1esvaj;
liked him‘on.account of his pleasant sociability;
..“I haven’t'but half of it with me.., I’.1l‘rt1
room and get the balance, sir.” . . c 
“Bring it in the morning with you. ‘V 'l?hat\;_
be time enough. But look here, Bob, Youk _,
your mouth shut,’ Don't say anytheinggto“ a
body about '_it.’? ' » , v ,3.  .
. “All right, sir,’.’ and he. went out onxotlie-.v,S. , 
again and kept pretty busy until the darn 
went back uptown.-» Then he. made‘ hisvwaya
Delancey, street and thought over, the‘matter> '

 

seriously;

   
 
 

   
  

aﬂmimdlmﬂmmavwwﬂy
‘ ‘ NEW YORK, JULY 15, 1927

TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

.. , ‘ a, l
HOW El‘0~ SEND MONEYf—At our risk sen<1’P. 0.
Money ‘Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
g-‘giiny other way ‘are at your risk. We acce Postage

temps the same as cash. ,When sending s lver wrap
the Loin in 3. se arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
dress letters to

  

 

Single Copies .............. ..»...Postnge Free 8 cents
‘ﬂue Copy Three Months . .. ... " “ 0!!
he Copy Six Months ......... .. " " AN)
eccopy One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “ " 4.00

. V Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00

VWESTB-URY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
._ -1 .140 Cedar Street, New York City.

wngiiixmonr. I-re-. and ‘1'l'ea!.

U :2? ,. MARE, Vice-Pi-eu..and Sec.

1

QTERESTING ARTICLES

PARIS HAS NEED or AIR POLICE
, viators throwing handbills in the streets have
"ii ordered -‘prosecuted for violation _of a city
 dinancc, just as any ordinary pedestrian would
‘ }-‘The police have been given the Job, but they
1; know how to do it. »

 
 

V. , __.______ .
YRITISH GAME _PRESERVES TO HAVE
 ‘ RECORD SEASON

1More shooiings will be met this year than any
art since the war. America has invaded the
ottish moorlands, the Norfolk partridge shoot-
“ O.-and the Midland coverts. The salmon rivers
also in great demand. '

unmakers and sporting equipment ﬁrms are
‘:1 la setady rush of sales. One Bond Street
’ern says that it has not sold as many guns
ﬁshing tackle since the war. Scotland is
lily looking forward to the most brilliant sea-
on ffoi} many years. -

RMAN USES COMPRESSED PAPER T0
" _'_~ BUILD BOATS ,
aper canoes and rowboats are the latest inven-
’ of Willie Schauer, an enterprising builder in
lstadt-on-the—Main.
”hauer contends that boats made of com-
gsed paper in accordance with his process are
ble‘ and no moresubject to the disintegrating
uénce of water than are wooden or metal boats.
as; made numerous tests with a paper paddle
{Tand is completely satisﬁed with the results.

  

'19

 

‘RYTHING IN ROOM SEEN IN RELA-
ION TO FLOOR. SAYS DECORATOR

‘ Everything in a room is seen in relation to
o'er,” is the opinion of Pierre ~Dutel, noted
._ re decorator and architect of New York. _

Pen it place your furniture and ﬁne fabric
" says Mr. Dutel.‘ “It is a decorative foun-

it must have color and design.
V y: work as a decorator I ﬁnd that the new
um ‘designs are ‘particularly helpful. ‘They

. as well as the architectural base. Forthat "

 

are not high priced. They can be laid to last for _i'
many_ years. ifﬂplaced over builders’ deadening
felt, and they are Wholly satisfactory from a com-. 
fort stan,dpoint—springy and quiet, and very ,
easily cleaned.

“I emphasize linoleum mainly, however, be-
cause of. the strides that have been made in the
last few years in designs of outstanding beauty.
Some of these new designs, called ‘Embossedf
Handcraft Inlaids,’ even have a texture that you

can see and feel. Rich in color, these embossed.  vy 7

designs lend warmth and interest, especial] to
a room of.Spanish inﬂuence. Every home eco-'
rator ‘who believes with me that room beauty be-’ ‘
gins with ﬂoor beauty will investigate modern:
linoleiim ﬂoors.” ‘ ,

 

LAUGHS

, _ DOIN_G THE CAT’SiWORK ‘ 1 g .
Motorist: I killed your cat. I shall replace the

. animal. »-

oid Maid: This is so sudden, but I’m afraid yéin
can’t catch mice.—Okla. Whirlwind. - 

A . JUST FACES
Be it ever so homely, there’s no face like one’! ,
own !—-—N. Y. State Lion. *  A

THE GOOD OLD SUMMER TIME
,“I went up‘ to the lake for,a rest during the
vacation and I met the most wonderful gii-l,in
the world.” . . .
“And then what?” ’
“Well, you can imagine the rest.”———Wesleyan-
Wasp. '

viii

THE WRONG WAY IS RIGHT
“He always rubs me in the wrong way.”
“Who?”
“That guy in the Turkish bath."—Pitt Panther.

TOAST AND-
Here’s a toast to ye co-ed queens— -
Here’s the toast and a can of sardines. ’ -
Y, —Grinnell Malteaser.’ .

_ ‘ NO DRINKER —
I simply cannot xdrink. Why, the sight of a
pretzel makes medizzy.-——Lehigh Burr.

, , LIMITATIONS . ,
::Wliy doesn’t Gerald get over?” , ’
He s Just a two pun man.f’—Agrievator.

ANY OLD NAME ' V

Jack: Was szlie the kind of a girl you’d gin ' ‘ ‘

your name to?

Black: Yes, but not your right name.—_Penn-  I

sylvania Punch Bowl.

; AN UNFAMILIAR STEPV »
Several professors were telling jokes. One of '
them remarked, “That’s a new one on me,” as ho

scratched his head.—-Okla. Whirlwind. $ , .» _ ,

. SPECIFIC , .
’ Orphant: Who’s that bo standing over>there.'
near /the horseewith gogg es on?

Annie: I don’t see any horse with goggles 0111-, 

-—N. Y, State Lien, , , ,,

   
  
  
 
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
 

  

    
  
      
     
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   

The Hand of Death ‘

1 p , The night was intensely dark. The old Hud-
 isqn was foaming with waves. - The vessels'an-
‘ =chored in the New York harbor were plunging
and tossing, threatening at every lunge to
' .:'break their moorings, and either run ashore or be
swept out to sea.
», , Intense darkness settled over the waters, save
3 where now and then a vivid ﬂash of lightning
played upon the scene, lighting them up with a
iirid glare. . .

. Three men were in a boat pulling directly across
,_from the Battery, inclining their boat just a lit-
tle. up the river.
._/son’ this particular night to be in a rage. The
" waves leaped high about the prow of the small
Jioat‘, threatening each moment to, engulf its oc-
~*c'upants., - . V  .
{ Those dark mysterious waters thathave con-
.c.e'aled so much of the crimes of the great city
‘seemed now to hiss and dance with fury as the

’ . oaﬁleaped successfully from wave to wave.
_ v» '1‘ o'me'n were at the oars, and another sat in
The oarsmen were thirty-ﬁve and

I the stern.
~';:t‘orty*-ﬁveiyears of age. Both experienced boat-

  

    
  

 
  
  
  

‘men, and had evidently made the river their oc--

cupation for «years.
.’ The man in the stern of the boat was not over
, twenty-two or three years of age. He had a
I boat cloak fastened about his neck, which fell
off at the shoulders, leaving the arms free. His
hat had blown off, and he was bareheaded.
‘His eyes were glaring wildly into the dark
. waters which hissed and foamed about them.
“Pull, men, ull!” he almost shrieked in order
to be heard a ove the roaring storm. _ ‘
.4 “Ay, ay, my hearties!” responded the elder of
 the boatmen inna voice of thunder, that had
' long grown accustomed to the roar of the ocean.
“But I tell ye, my friend, I don't think it’s worth
while.” '
“It is worth while!” shrieked the hatless young
man in the stern of the boat;
them before the ﬁendish deed is accomplished.”
A ﬂash of lightning now showed how strange-
ly wild the face of the young man was in the
boat. .His hair was blown back from his fore-
head, and his eyes were wildly searching the
darkness. His face, once the pride of thousands,
had in one brief hour of horror grown appalling.
“We_’ll go wherever ye’ say,” replied the elder
of. the boatmen, “but it seems to me as though
we're on the wrong tack.” _ g
_ “No, no, we must be right, we shall be right,”
, cried the young man in_ the stern, who was none
other than Johnnie Collins, once the pride of song
and dance men of America.
He and his brother Jimmie Collins were, a few
“ V ears ago, the most promising stars of the stage.
 ‘ t was 'ust at the time that their fame was be-
’ I homing nown. Just as they were emerging from
-obscurity into fame and fortune, we ﬁnd John-
mie, the oldest of the Collins brothers, on the
wﬁﬂudson in this darkness, almost distracted, as
* _ e have seen. I -

 

  

  
    
 
 
   

 

'mpa’nion at the oars. -“I am ‘sure, Joe, it is the
W ﬂlarkestyniclit I’ ever dinbedlan‘ our in my‘ life.”

The beautiful Hudson seemed.

“We must ﬁnd_

)
. “This is dark sailin’,” said Jack Noel to his ’

 

‘burning ship and ‘soon passed beyond the

“I believe you, ‘fl ac '," ‘said his/coin ‘V
Johnsoni ];‘1One can’t see an oar’s-. ‘ g
we are‘ ia_ e to run into some shi ’ -ri , ..
be“((l:ashed to pieces at any momergzi 
.....2.’::'.;’.:e;.:.2.'; *oP§°§.‘:1¥.?»‘.‘“°‘‘ * 
_ _Joe was silenced. The insinuation.
his courage hadveifectually stopped his in
murs. - .  .-
The boat dashed_ on amid the roaring: »
The eyes of Johnnie Collins were wildly -8
over the dark waters, waiting to take in all
the vivid ﬂash of lightning might reveal. -
Heavyd pealsk ofh thunder rolled along
rizon an shoo t e earth. The 1' htn' al
from waveto wave alongthe waltirs, ’
on the shore. There was one sharp peal rm "
heavy than any that had preceded it. Atth’
moment the lurid glare of‘ livid sheets ‘of ﬁe‘
encoxgipassed a noble brig that stood‘ at.‘-.an1_
near y. _ v -
Mast shroud and riggin cw ' " ,1
blaze (if ﬁre. ’The boat shgerexfrfiﬁmfio .

of‘its light, into the impenetrable darkness,
‘_Pull, for the love of heaven, pull!”*cr'
excited actor, now standing up in the.‘
the }30at. and wildly urging the men onw'
‘HIS. eyes h_ad caught sight of ‘a -boat. ' -
mile in the distance, pulling toward the _p
The men redoubled their strokes, and t '
skimmed over the water like a storm-bir _
“Heaven grant we maybe in time! He
spare him _until I come'to his assistancelg
accursed villains! I have watched. them .193;
week, and feared that they would ypt oven;
my poor brother. Oh, I felt _it, and,I':jfe
now, that when they induced him togo off
them today that his destruction would ,
result. When I found that he had today,_
a check for all we both have made, I kne‘

river, I had my fears realized.”

The above soliloquy was loud_enougli'
keen ears of the boatmen to hear it.‘ Old~ -
Niel was so inquisitive that he again vexitii ‘
as : . .
“Do you think the sharks has got some
“They have~—-they have! You could _ ' '
more appropriate name for them than"sh=a

“Who is it, shipmate?” ‘

“My brother.” :

“An’ they've robbed him?”

“Yes-—yes."

“An’ goin’ to drown him?”

“Yes, yes. unless we get to them in time, 
Johnnie, wild with fear. “Pull, men, pull, ,a
value your lives.” .

Another vivid ﬂash of lightning, and-
nie Collins, who had again seated msel
stern, started up with a cry.

“Sit down, shi mate—-—sit down!”
Noel, with a lou stentorian voice. .
overboard ef ye don't kee yer sea .” ,

The vivid ﬂash of ligllitning had revé
boat in the distance, with three or fou
pants. -

“Heavens, we move too slow!” on
brother, almost distracted. k_ I

in»

"‘We are goin‘ as-fast as mortals
boat,” answered Jack ‘Noel. ~ « 

    
    
   
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
     
  
  
    
 

llgcry now ‘arose over the water. The

actor in the stern of Jack _Noe1's boat
rang to his feet. ‘ , .

. own, young man, as yer value your life-
-!”v,cried old Jack. r »

 admonished Johnnie Collins took hisseat.

eIp,"he1p!” came the gurgling cry, borne on
my winds to their ears. J
ep, yer seat, young man!” cried the old
“ . “We’ll get there much sooner by yer

gainin’ still.” . __ .
sA;n tlrer gurgling cry came in the darkness,
" me not a dozen oars’ lengths away. .
I1 'pl_u'nge of a heavy body in the waters 1m-
tely followed. _ _
~1~a,jnv had been falling ‘in perfect torrents
the lastﬁve minutes. _ _ J *
old, ho1d!”- cried J_ohnn1e Collins, as the
. a',‘n'1e to the spot where the last gur ling
’ plunge. had been heard. “He. has een

overboard here somewhere. Look, look,
' {ave of ,Heaven !--look now with all your
hen the next ﬂash of lightning reveals the
’ the vwaters.”., ‘

  

  

e. ‘ . ' ‘ - 2‘ ,

rack.of thunder. seemed to rend the sphere
ain, and a lurid glare -of lightning lit up
entire scene for.»many rods around.

olinniel Collins uttered a cry of horror.

13 ck, back on your oars!” he shrieked. .
" half a cable's length in their wake was a
single human hand-—protruding above
waters.  » . "

ack Noel saw‘ it, and shuddered. It looked
the icy hand of death. Pushing back on
oars,.the boat glided stern foremost toward
:ie‘ar£ul—object. Johnnie Collins. sat in the
‘of the boat, ready ‘to grasp it. _ ‘
;’lightning’s constant play revealed_ it.
er and nearer, until they were on the object.
*' ung'..act0r, bending forward, grasped it.

  

 
 
  

   

  

' the body into the boat. . _ J
siiagle glance told Johnnie Collins that it was
other,’ and that he had’ been slain for his

  

   

rg the body of his dead brother an - draw-
. revolver. “Pull, pull after that b.oat!’_’

hzof lightning revealed the boat, with
ee, men in. it, not more ‘than a dozen

  

ifstolshot whizzed above the boat.

voice. _ .
hing-this zlieavy revolver, he took his posi-
e cocked’ his pistol, and awaited the next

b aze of lightning that was to reveal to‘
rderers of his brother. g

 
   
  
  
 

determination.

I, lightning -came;
I,’ went " -'

- this ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ._

his voice--it is J immiel”. cred the young -

ack came to his assistance, _and they’

ge--revenge!” shriéked the youn actor,

,m!_5 in the bow,” said Johnnie, in a’ ‘cool,

the pistol in a ﬁrm h‘and‘that was
He spoke no word; '
‘athed. ‘His hand was as steady as

  

.“Forward, ‘faster!” cried Johnnie. “,One‘ of:
- the demons‘ has met a just retribution.” .. . ,;. V.

‘The oars'men in bothboats now rowed for life.: '
Old John Noel and Joe Johnson. had never found, _ « ,
their equal, and were not to be outdone on this i ‘ 
night. ‘Their’ boat bounded over the waters, and
as the next ﬂash of lightning came they were
fairly against the stern of the boat of the mur-
derers. '. ‘ - ’ . _ ,,

Johnnie Collins, like an avenging Nemesis, "
sprang from his own boat into the one occupied
by the murderers of his brother. —

Crack! crack! crack! Bang! bang! bang! rang
out the rapid report of ﬁrearms sharp and clear
above thegroaring of the storm. Bullets ﬂew.
thick and fast. - ‘ ’ . ‘

The young actor, regardless of the shots that _i
struck his body, pressed forward on his anta A ' "
onists, and shot down ﬁrst one and then to
other.

All three _of the murders lay dead in the bot-.
tom of their boat just as old Jack and Joe John: 

* son, armed with their oars, sprang into the boat A 
to aid the young avenger. _‘ »
A vivid ﬂash of lightning revealed the result ; p .
of the battle. v ’ p _ . ‘ ’
- “By~the powers 0’ the deep, but, shipmate,
ye’ve brought ’em all up standin’, -,hain't ye?"‘
criedlold Jack. ».  ~
“Are ye hurt?” ‘ _
_ “,Killed!”'was the answer. ' ' -.

—“I-Ieavens, it’s so!” cried the kinddieartbd old ,L
sailor, “We must et these two boats in to shore ‘
at once, Joe,” he a ded. ” .

Johnnie Collins lived long enough after the
shore was reached to give a full account of the‘ 7
murder at the police station. The money taken”-—.
1f)rom his brother was found in the murderers’

oat. . l ‘ r - -

It amounted to nearly four thousand dollars.

‘ Having norelatives’, he willed it to the two
faithful boatmen. "
‘ “We wellearned it,’-’ said’ old Jack, after the
two brothers were buried in one grave. “I,-
wouldn’t again look on that ‘Hand of Death for
twice that much money.” - \

MAYFAIR» CHILDREN JOIN LONDON,’ -'

. ' SOCIETY WHIRL -
The children of the fashionable residents of f

Mayfair are taking an increasing part in Eng-
lish society functions and’ their engagements are
nowmapped out for them, on much the same lines
as"those of theirdebutante sisters. ‘ ‘

The society child, clad inﬁthe smartest of minia-J ‘
ture riding kits, meets her smallfriends in fash- ‘
ionable, Rotten Row on their ponies and holds ‘a
.«courtjof “her own. a .. ' ._ ’ " " ~  ,
gohobl classes sometimes interrupt their m'o_:,n-f
in’ hours and special dancing lessons something’

; are flitted in. After at noon rest the small chil
often has a charity matinee to attend, and open’
air fetes for”charity are largely reinforced by
children’ who often organize such,-aﬁairs t_he‘in

 

 
 

   
    
 
     
      
   
    
      
     
    
         
        
 
    
      
     
       
         
   

«

I

         
 

     
    

  

ei'_noons_ the;‘1young_'peop»leiv;ha've 
fter .a tea a drilve" with math} ’
. “V 

  

"ﬂ'CORRECT

SURFACE DEFECTS BEFORE
. . APPLYING PAINTv t

Before’ any paint is applied to a concrete,,
1 places in which the -

stucco or brick surface, a
mortar hasaloosened and -washed out -should be
repainted with mortar or-Portland--cemeng. Small

.-defects in the surface can be ~corrected"’ with

putty. after priming. In the painting boiled oil
shouldbe employed in the priming coat whenever

possible,’ but if it is not available, raw oil and

a little drier may be substituted. .

/THEATRE FOR CHILDREN NEW DRAMA

”~ . -‘A theatre for
"in London of the little theatre movement.

DEVELOPMENT v *
children is the latest developrﬁent
on-

don has many little theatres -in out~Qf-the-way
corners devoted to plays by comparatively un-

.A... AND .....,... 
’    ITEMS or INTEREST T

7 queries -the man of the. world in ~‘a.'voic‘e u

— market,'which make this volume a priceleﬁ
_ of the past. 2 ‘ : ' ’

known authors, or to such works as have little "

chance of commercial success, but this is the ﬁrst
proposal for a children's theatre.
. Miss Joan Luxton, vivacious, bobbed and blue-

.eyed, has applied to the London County Council
. for a license for music, dancing and stagevplays

for her Children’s Theatre in a street at the back
of Covent Garden.

"The. little house will seat only 125 persons.
Prices will be extremely low, from four cents up-

_ ward. Performances will be in the ‘afternoon.

~ ﬁcations.

 

NEvv'BU1LDINGOFsoIlIaRD HAS VARIETY

ES '
One of the recent advances in buildin board

. 'manufacture has been the invention of 9. uilding
»_‘-board which has a multitude of uses. '
gal» number of sizes and types, which makes it

It comes in

adapted to varied purposes. Its waterproof and
weatherproof qualities ﬁt it for either exterior or
interior use, and in addition to this it is excellent
as a paint base, an insulator or a decoration.

This material is divided into fnie general classi-

for ‘plainconstruction purposes; the second is .a

C — clapboard which is popular for siding; the third

~ pavilion.

Income girl among the

' épretty brunette at Table 15.
. . ‘tithe. telephone at his elbow to No. 15. A little
' 3 mt}-rlight’ at -Table :15 ‘blinks d

' ‘ ’k oﬁ th ‘ r V

is a grainboard for partitions and paneling; the
fourth a panel board for superior paneling, and
the ﬁfth a tileboardﬁwhich, after its application,
is enameled to an imitation of ti_le. . -

- “CUPID AT YOUR ELBOW” AIDS
HAMBURG DANCERS

iAmorous night lifers are offered “Cupid at
Your Elbow”by a fashionable Hamburg dancing

e. -,
' _“Cupid at Your Elbow” works in this manner.
The male guest of the establishment, seating him:
self at one of the tables grouped. about the dance
ﬂoor, surveys the.-hall with a view to espying
dancers that especially
‘strikes his fancy. His choice falls, say, upon the
He turns the disk

The first is a regular building board -

The modern Cupid bearing tender mes-'-
sages is a house telephone installed at each

0

T sign

  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
   
    
    
    
     
  
    
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
     
    
   
 
   

to theivoriian. of his choice only as—«it is l‘
othersaamid the din of jazz music. ‘
f<j:1V0_ra‘ble reply he can come to Table ‘I
r1sk1ng,a turndown. , -

RESTAURANTGUEST BDOKR C ‘
TLE or wrrs or CELE%R?'1f‘l%§&?

Celebrities of the past penned wise sa
the guest book of the Pall Mall Restaura

 

Its pages are _a battle of wit. Pattigwro
beautiful voice 1s a gift of God. Yvett
bert wrote on the next page: ’
the gift of. God.” Rider Haggard followed yvi

But the greatest gift of God is silence.”'

After a performance of “Camille" Bernlga
came -into the_ restaurant while ,yery.1’1e‘m'm, , ,\
wrote something in long, sloping letters _ T‘
body has ever been able to read” Perhap
tended it should not,be_.re'ad‘. '. ’

George Edwards, the the  '
mediately after Ada Reeve had. t 'i
from him. wrote in’ the book: “England, '»
all thy _’faults, I love thee still.” oath . .
§§fe"’1\I1ss Reeve wrote: “George, ditto, 1

1 o. 
_Edward Morton, ’who was another part ‘ in
d1vorce,action.«wro'te:' “And I lov'e~_them~‘ L ' ‘
, .
SMOKE AND FUMES ARE ELIMINAP,
, . , \ BY GOOD OIL _BURNER., * '
.0ld-fashioned heating‘ methods are so
line with modern living thatin the cons
omes today the correctly“ ‘i
used without question aslth _ pi;
means of lending health and comfort to he":
tation. ’. . y f ‘

Smoke, gas, soot anclcinders, all an unarol‘
part of out-dated heating arrangements
menace to the health of those Who livei 
Where oil has not been adopted. Smoke sh
the ultra-violet rays of the sun, which 1-
deﬁnitely to build bodily resistance an ..
distinct gerimicidal results. It promotes
and rickets, the latter an especial, me
growing children. Gases and soot encoura
piratory diseases. ‘ ’

It is no wonder, then, that those planning
houses today see, to it that the best typ ‘oil.
erjis installed. ‘ T ‘ "

An oil burner of this type, besides g'lVl
fort to the home and contributing to theh"
its inhabitants,'has advantages of cleanli
joyed with no other method of heating.’ -0,
draperies, wall paper and ﬂoor coverin ~ '
longer and are not damaged b 'the5
result from coal combustion. sing an
e1-‘saves space and releases basement
other purposes, giving a warm, cleanvi
space if it is desired. It even helpsixr
ing of a new home ,by‘''permittin ;
structxon of a larger house through
economies that. are made possible’ 

 

.. .

  

   
   
   

 
  
 

1 fashi9m:cl,, iueﬂlcient 
- ‘Choctaw “ ‘ I A

  

    
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
     
    
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
   
     
    
  
   
    
   
  
  

 ‘COVERS CHIPS ON ‘NICKEL
'.'Worn spots on nickel or places where it has

01' '_ _ paint. While. this does not make the
gnggtugiggctive remedy, it _.helps considerably and
1ngy«.prevent further wearing or chipping.

I..0NDON TAILORS MAKE CLOTHES ON
v s « CONTRACT

Afr-irm‘of Savile Row tailors has prepared a
schedule of prices for dressing men in the latest

iplﬁgice of the_t_ailor’s materials when new gar-
 are required. ' _
ressing by contract is not new as far as Eng-
society women are concerned. The better
don dressmakers adopted this plan some years
aigbﬁ ’
. —c . ____.__._
0;AKLAND—PONTIAC SALES ATTAIN NEW
v. V - PEAK. IN MAY
May production of Oakland-Pontiac sixes
‘ ed all previous monthly records for the com-
" ny=and.enab1ed us to deliver 24,060 cars to deal-
,.thereby "setting up a new record 20 per cent
’ i ‘ than last month, which was the_biggest
in the company’s history,”'accord1ng'.to a
merit issued by W. R. Tracy, vice-president
,;'charge of sales._
.. “Twice so far this year new records have been
.; for monthly production, the other beingnfor
'  ll, when 19,926 Oaklands and Pontiacs were
iod~uced..Yet May's ﬁgures topped this by more
‘ 4,000 cars, the third highest production
by ;being August, when 19,977 cars‘ were
uﬁacturedﬁ’. . .

LINDBERGI-I VERSE ADDED TO

‘W . WISCONSIN’S SONG _
verse has been added to the song of the Uni-
 of lWisconsin as the result of the Lind-
“.-sﬂight. The now famous aviator attended
hstitution for a shorttime. An enthusiastic
‘ Carl Beck, wrote the verse in honor of
gh’s homecoming,_ to the tuneof the .uni-
ty .march, “On Wisconsin.’’

15: I

pi-,a Lindbergh! O_ur brave Lindbergh! _

of the air! Night and storm and sea you
nquered, ' , , ‘ ,
' he first to dare! Hail to Lindbergh, our
U Lindberglil. " V ‘ I —

d! For the courage, strength

2%

' {manhood
rand?“

V ‘oi-1d. you stan

 

  "FORTUNE  g p _
gmmv TOPICS V I 

 

£1.31?‘-‘lilxled offs can be ‘improve by touching"11I3 With‘

«jgdon modes by yearly contract. The customer.
3' a stated amount for .the year and takes his -

, Souths fAm_erica~

   

’ .’ GOLDEN. PLATE or KING. GEORGE UNDElRlf,i.:;1~j

CARE OF SPECIAL GUARD ' r , p
, Magn-iﬁcent gold plate is used by Queen Mary’ 
and King ‘George at istate banquets givensto 
rulers of other countries -when they visit-Engla:nd.' , -. -,
Although these functions generally take place‘ g;
at Buckingham Palace, London, the precious tabIe- ‘
ware is stored at Windsor Castle, twenty mile
away. . ~ . . j
The removal of the plate to London from Wind- , v :.
sor is no light matter. It is brought in anarm-‘ 
orea van, sheathed, drawn by two or more bay" ’ 
horses, and with four outriders for protection. , g 
The gold plates consists of a dinner service for 
100 guests, complete with tureens, meat dishes, '
entree dishes and covers, a fruit service and as
coffee service. Golden candelabra are used as ..
table decorations. These are from three to four 
feet high, and branch in all directions. ,. V 
The golden service is kept in the strong room’ 
at Windsor Castle. Each article has a separate '
pigeon hole and each hole a separate lock. ‘The, Z {Z
guard is.a silrversmith and goldsmith, for he 'rmis‘t
cleian gold plates without any loss of-weight or
va ue. ' . _

 

.--'

‘ EUROPEAN STATION OWNERS’ GROUP.‘ 
. ’ ELECT U. S. ‘MEMBER " I 
Further indicationsof the international aspect 
of radio and the desirability, if not the actual A
necessity at this time, of broadcasters throughout .
the world to work in cooperation with reference‘
to their plans for expansion and development are
afforded in the announcement contained in a‘ let-
ter just received by officials pf the Radio World's
Fair from. the Union Internationale de Radio- ,
phonie that the National Broadcasting Company:'-', »
has been elected an associate member of the
union. , ’ , _.
“We have always been keenly interested in ,_
America’s great. work for broadcasting,” writes )
Arthur H. Burrows, secretary general, whci was  
one of the ‘world pioneers in broadcasting, ﬁrst to
transmit a musical» program from a ship at sea
and. as one of the directors of the British Broad-
casting Company, the first to' write a book on
broadcasting. . A134
Mr. Burrows expresses his regrets at not being  
able to come to New York on September 19 to be '
a guest of honor at the Radio World’s Fair. It
is impossible for him to leave Europe on account
of the many meetings of various commissions on -_
wireless activities in which he must participate.~w 
It was_ at these sessions last year that the rep] ‘"
allocation of European wave lengths was ap-~ .:,
proved and cleared away the heterodyning that?!‘-.>._

 

 

. marred reception in England, France and else- .
‘where as badly as air congestion here has’ been“ =j__‘

  

doing. ~ g , »
The work of the Federal Radio Commission ’
follows the line of the Union Internationale de 
Radiophonie because the readjustment of wave I
lengths and. power among American stations must
take in consideration frequencies used ¥i Cana \

     
  
  
  
 

   
   
   
  

Mexico and Cuba and‘, probably in a -

 
  

4

 
 

    

     

+ Latest

"'r'1.0S9,Lost in the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
 ' ..~ Turtle Key. 1 '
I 1090 Ten Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who
j’; 1 the Wall Street Syndicate.

1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name
 o For. Himself. I ,

‘I092 Fox & Day, Brokers; or The Young Money
 » Makers of Wall Street. , _‘ -
W33093 The Little Wizard; or, ‘The Success of a
Young Inventor.

l.1094i A Young Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
‘ . Fortune. ‘ ' ‘ — I

1595 Barlker.Barry’s Boy; or, Gathering’ the D01
1 " lars inyWall Street. - ~ \

broke

  

  
 

  

  

. aways of the Mystic Isle. I
@1091’ Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bondsi or, The
 _‘ « _ Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
1093‘ After the Golden Eagles; or, A Luc
. _ 7 Young Wall Street Broker. .
L 109% A Lucky Lad; or, The Boy Who Made a
1 ' " Railroad Pay. ‘ , '
1100 Too’ Good ‘to Last; or,‘ six Months in the
‘ Wall Street Money Market.
" 1101 Dgk, the Boy Law/yer; or, Winning a Big
..  . ee. V
11102 Broker Dexter’s New Boy; or, A.Young In—
 meant in ‘Wall Street. ,
Q 1103 From Mill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy
 Who Became a Steel Magnate.
I 1104 Three Grand Speculators; or, The Wall
1 I Street Boys’ Syndicate. _
1'105,_A Stroke of Luck; or, The)Boy Who Made’
V ' 1 Money‘ in Oil,
"1106. Little Hal,‘ the'Boy Trader; or, Picking Lip
\ V a Money in ‘Wall Street. ‘
;1107¢ On the Gold Coast; or, The Treasure of the
“ Stranded Ship. yo 7 A
.1‘1.‘08.Lured by the Market; 01-, A Boy’s Big Deal
. L in Wall Street.‘ .
1109 Trading Tom; or, The Boy Who Bought
)1 ‘ Everything‘. . 1
« ‘S1110 Favored by Fortune; or, The Youngest Firin
'; i.nlWal1 Street. ‘ 1 ' '

   

   

  

Jack J asper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route tor
Fortune. ' 1

“ml

 ‘In; the Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast- 1

"1132 A ‘Boy of the Curb

Issues --

    

1113 A Young Lu'mber’King;

y * Worked’ His Way Up.

1114 Ralph Roy’s Riches; or, A Smart Boyle
of Wall Street. " 

1115 A Castaway’s Fortune
.1--Pirate’s Gold.

1116-The Little Money Maker; or, flzlao IW

Street Boy Who Saved the Market.
1117 Rough and Ready Dick; or‘, A Young
Dress Al!.%nt’s»Luck. « :  
Shakina

1118. Tipped Off by Tele raph‘; or,
the Wall Street “gears.” 2
1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Rise or 9,
Mason. ' ' . . I 

1120 Marty, the Messenger; 1‘ 1 C 
in Wall Street. or’ ap 

1121 The Stolen Bank Note;
Boy Merchant: ~ 7 V . _
1122 Digging Uta D'qlIars‘;5or The;
A Young “Bu1l”'Operal;or: 7'7” . 
1123 A 'RunawayrBoy;' or, The Buried’
' ’ of the Incas.
1124 The Old Broker’s' Heir;
_ Won In Wall Street, ‘ I y
1125’ From’ Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy
Made Money In Land. 7 y
1126 Ruggeo Ebb of Wall Street; or sscgaoo

or. The H Bo"

     
  

;t or,’ The Hunt 1

   
  
   
 

 
   

 
       
       
 

 
 

°r~.: The; Ca.

      
 

   

Tr

          
   
 

or; The Bo

  
  
  

  

a Dime. -

1127 The Boy Railroad Magnate; or,1Thi‘e
I tract That Brought a Million. .1

1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss’B/roker;;or
tling for Gold in Wall Street. J 

1129 Caught ‘By Cannibals‘; or The rieo,
the Land of Fire. ‘ E

1130 The Little Operator; ‘or; 
“Bears” of Wall Street.  . l

1131 Air Line Ed; or Building a’roleo~}o;l’
; or, The Secre

     
  
  
  
  
 

   
   
    
    
 
 
 
  
      
  

Treasury Note.

1133 F: m Foundry Boy to steol..‘Klng:l,og

lgise of a Young Bridge Builder. 1

The Missing Box of Bullion‘; .,or, T

Whoisolyed a Wall Street Mystery

1135 Claim No. 7; pr, A.sFortuno,1:on“ll
Mine.  ' I

1134

   

. ’_ , on the Wall Street Brokers. '

Forfsale by all newsdealers,

or
 money or postage.stam'ps; “ 1 ‘

  

  

I 112 After Big Money; 01‘. Turning the Tables
will be set/it to any oaaroég. on receipt of. price, eeslts 

   wrsfroonr rlllsuslllno  ‘Inc.’ I

 

  

11361 Out for Big Money; or, Touelﬁng‘
l Wall Street Traders. I  ~ A

      
      

 

