      

”; J/utter at the A" E‘. /1:: t';',r'.~’.r, . V1 m.'r.1 L\' >_\v;12i, 7,

   

Issued If ':e»’.'/3'. Pg. m.r',.' ' 152.5: [er-geqr. £2:."ere.z’ JJ .85. 921.7‘-u

No. 532 NEW YORK, MARCH 9, 1907. mice, Fiiivecentus

  ER

Nick reached out to take the bottle from him, but he took the wrists of the chauffeur instead.
and twisted them until Jules dropped upon the floor in pain.

   line! We». By :u6:cn'pIian Sue per year. Entered as Secaud-ela.r.r Hatter at the N. I’. Part Oﬁu, by Srnen & Sxrm, 7o-ab Seventh Avenue.
N. F. Entered accardiugta Act of amgres: is the year may. in the Oﬁce 0/ Me Labrenhn al Congress, Washington, D. C‘.

.No. 532.

NEW YORK, March 9, 1907.

Price Five Cents.“ _

 NICK 

  ipsy Madge, the Blaekmailer; i

OR,

es F1Rs'r.c:;.Ass   BLUFF.

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

, CHAPTER I:
. ‘Art ANGRY WOMAN'S THREAT.

Nldt Carter was nearer. to being downright angry-—
 it--than was natural to him. He felt,
 had been.
‘ ' , Clgrenee Vanderhyke was facing him from
,_ »side of the studylable, and it‘. was a bit of
brought to him by the young millionaire that
rise to the anger.‘
 arukmncement had been this: V
A Q , to tell you, Nick, that  Madge is
 it flarge. for t;1,1,eH.fact is-that the
 tohold‘ her for the grand
L waediseharged yesterdnyfmorning, and al+
he hadithﬁtheck to viwrnt herself in W-
V   I_‘_attempt' to tell

had let her loose to prey once more upon the weak and J’
the erring. ‘ -
“However,” he said in conclusion, “there is not the .
slightest use in crying over spilt milk. The fact that‘?
we have to face is that Madge is free, and that she has
already been at your house. The thing that I fear in
connection with her is that she will try to do Lilian, your 1
wife, some real injury now." , 
“T hat is what I fear, Nick. You know the threat 
made when you arrested her and took her to the house 
to face Lilian. She told her that she would live to get
even with her.” 
.‘‘Oh, yes, I remember it.” .1
“Well, she repeated her threats, with interest, when
she went to the house yesterday before noon.” ‘

"Tell me exactly what she said and did, Clarence.”‘
‘When the butler admitted her, she brushedypasthi
with one of her cheery. smiling ‘good mornings“ V

darted up the stairs toward my wife's private e‘ _

 room bgfore he knew what she was ,about; and

,i i opened Weldoor of my wife’: -room and entered,‘ 
  hr ,_ I: , ‘ > L V V 5 ‘ . ‘

     
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  

“As soon as she had passed inside, she closed and
tacked the door after her, and then she stood with her
back against it, with a cruel smile on her handsome
.' face--for you will admit that she is handsome--and for
' quite a little time she did not speak at all.
' “In the meantime, Lilian had sprung to her feet, and
with one hand on her desk, at which she had been seated,
shestood facing her enemy. Jove! I should have\en~
, joyecl seeing that tableau, for Lilian isn't a bit afraid of
7 her now." I
I “Go on. What next?”
A g “I suppose my wife must have looked frightened at
"  She was startled, you know, by the suddenness of
1' the interruption; and believing that Madge was in prison,
L she, of course, could not understand how it was that she
15 W35 there.”
“Certainly not."
"The tableau lasted for a minute’ or two, and then
{Madge laughed rather harshly, and said:

" “‘Oh, you need not look so scared. I haven't come
" here to hurt you—~this time.’
.7“ ‘I am not at all scared,’ Lilian replied. ‘Why are
4 you here at all? That is what I wish to know.”
J “ ‘I had several reasons for coming,’ said Madge.
‘Of course, I wanted to get my things. That is one of
them. I wanted to see you, because I had something to
say to you; that is two. . I wished to see Clarence, also
-.'-L-that is three; and the others do not matter.’
_i “My wife laughed at her. Then she replied:
 “ ‘Your things, as you call them, have been packed and
 out of the house. They were sent to the Standard
torehouse, and the receipt for them was mailed to you
, Now will you be good enough to go?’

"Madge laughed at Lilian again.
go when I get ready,’ she replied. And then,
ﬂersgxnoment, she wenton: ’
, ‘I  Lilian, that you are aware of all the plot
 against you, are you not? I will take it for
, , -—- that you are, anyhow. You know, at least, that
 to get you entirely out of the way--make you
yourself, if I could—and then marry your husband.
“-  onto that little game of mine, weren't you?’
41‘lw‘dl, I want you to know that I have not abandoned
port of my plot-not by a long shot. You are not as
' ‘ l as I am, by considerable. I can give" you cards
spades at thp; and there are some things connected
 here which possibly Clarence has nottold
, because Iwished totell you aboutthem
if  toluve him here, also. I wanted him
_-vl"rlistIhedtosay.andvtodcnyit.if heoould-—

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. -To ‘

“ ‘Clarence Vanderbyke does not love you, Lilian; he
loves me. He has told me so time after time. It did
not require that scheme of mine in which the forged
letters were involved to assure him of this; he knew it
before. The forged letters* were only an excuse which
enabled him to admit all this to himself.’ ”

Vanderbyke stopped there and laughed quite heartily,
and when he had done, he continued:
_"That was all she told just then.

pose my wife did, Nick?”

“I haven't an idea.”

“She, opened apdrawer in the desk and took out a re~
volver that I keep there. It hasn't been loaded since I
have owned it, but that made no difference to either of
the women. It.was a pistol, and that was enough.
Lilian just naturally leveled the gun at Madgefs head,‘
and she said very quietly: -

“ ‘Miss Benson—if that is the name by which you
prefer to be cal1ed~—I am quite sure that the law would
justify me, or at least a jury would do so, if I should
shoot you now, where you stand. At least, I am willing
to, take the chances of it, and so, if you do not unlock
that door, open it, and pass out through it, I will shoot}
and I shall give you the time while I count ten to do
as I say.’ ” ’ ‘

“Did she go?” asked Nick, smiling.

Vanderbyke grinned in sympathy with that smile.

~“Say'K,” he said, “you know just exactly how Lilian
could say all that, don’t you?”

The detective nodded.

“Well, Madge went.

What do you sup-

She didn’t wait until the ten

‘were counted, either- She lost no time in opening that

door and getting on the other side of it; but she stopped
there for a second and had her last ﬂing; and Nick”———
his face became serious again-—-“it is what she said then
that has frightened me.” '

“What was it?”

“She said: ‘You take this trick, Lilian Vanderbyke,

but I will take the remaining twelve. I will kill you
for this; kill you by inches, too. ‘Not with a pistol or

~..._s.rA.-_....=.a.<.«.....m.»».:..z'4;*m‘aA.§:.:.ws~«

  

-tip: ,1 .-ah: . lb‘; 5:«sJ‘{}}:

a dagger, nor yet with poison, but in a manner of ‘my 

own that will make you suffer the tortures of the damned. .

In less than a year from now you will be in your grave,
and I fwill have put you there!’ ”

“Just a little bit melodramatic, wasn’t it ?" asked the
detective. ‘ _ 4’
“Yes, I suppose to; but that woman meant it, Car-
ter.” .
‘_‘I have no doubt that she meant it——-at the time.”

 

“Don't yousupposethatshe will trytocarry out the 

rest P" .

“She mayéand she may not. At all events, Clarence," 

it is best  should be orryour guard.” s - _
. ‘Read lie. 53: of the Nicx‘
933'! .'.'.... .,,  V- 

CArru Wnxur, “A
:,k V_ ,i ‘ wt -4 , .5 7''.‘  V: ‘A ._~ ,

n.,_

      

3,, .,“,‘,L

   
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
 
   
   

“But. you are; eh?”

“You say that it was yesterday morning that Madge

set at Hberty?”

“She must have gone directly from the magistrate to
w r house.”

“That is certainly what she did do.”

. “How  it that you have waited until this morning
rw come to me with the story ?”‘

 “One reason was, and it is a good one, I didn't know
thing about it until this morning. Lilian didn't tell
A" She says she thought it would only worry me, and
A t she would keep it to herself; but she got to think-
’ it over, and came to the conclusion that it was her
uty to tell me—and here I am.”

“Well, anyhow, if you had come sooner you would
have found me. I have been out of town since early

, - that Madge was set at liberty. However, it won't
» a ‘any good to indulge in regrets now. What became
th%’others who were connected with that conspiracy?”
‘.’.They were held. I will get {nest of the money back
'_ they got out of Lilian, but I will have to take that
A _ -A I expect. I shall put it up at auction the moment
'  into my hands. I don't want it.”

"The Hotel Sultan might be a good property for some
, man,” mused the detective. '

-."Yes; for somebody like this blackmailer outﬁt. I
i want any part of it for mine.”

at the detective was not listening. He was thinking

,oo
1.4 I‘ sn-

   
  
  
 
 
 

, V don’t want to leave the city just now, Carter." —

 it would be the safest thing to do.”
:.d°|:|'¥  so.” .

 if Madge meant what she said, she would

 to follow us to the~other side of the world,

   
   
  
   
   

_'here where I can gctat you if I want you,

 Europe, where I don’t_know who I
_ nil. __ . , .

   
  

 1:~.q¢_r¢_you, I would go away. .Go
‘ ,‘3;k¢_ mg, oupoee tours around the worl .”
_ .. ‘ .

 
  

to. .21 iooit‘in.o it, don't 1? One of the ‘Personally
?"'_n‘_Co.o|ry-. No. I thank ‘you-

 Iftddher It was coming

    
 

A erday morning, and only just retumei It -is too '

 If the is going to do anything. I would‘

~..~f:jHello.l There’: your telephone- ,

placed it at his ear; and something in the expression
of the detective’s face as he listened told Vanderbyke as
well as words could have done that the unexpected had
happened.

And then the detective hung up the receiver hastily,
sprang to his feet, and, with a shout to his friend to
follow, he leaped through ‘the door and down the stairs.

There was no time for explanations, but Vanderbyke
knew intuitively that the call had come from his home,
and that already Gipsy Madge had begun her campaign
of vengeance.

And so, with a white face, he followed the detective out
upon the street, where, by good luck, Nick’s automobile
was already waiting, he having ordered it an hour be-
fore; and in another moment they were speeding together
up the avenue.

—_:j

CHAPTER II.
‘rm: CAMPAIGN’ or vsxomxcs BEGINS.

When the automobile drew up in front of the young
millionaire’s home, the door of the house was standing
wide open, a group of curious people had collected in
front of it, and in the midst of these there was a police-
man to whom Thomas-Vanderbyke’s valet-—-was gestic-
ulating violently while he talked; and there was blood
trickling down one side of Thomas’ face from a cut over
his temple.

Nick noticed these particulars when he leaped from the
machine to the ground; he noticed, also, that somebody

I was lying on his back just inside the door of the house,

for the feet of a man could be seen plainly from’ the

' street.

Fortunately, Nick knew the oﬂicer to whom Thomas
was talking, so when the detective brushed the crowd
aside unceremoniously, and, seizing Thomas by one arm,
pulled him along with him toward the house, at the same
time telling the policeman to follow, the latter did so
without hesitation.

A second ofﬁcer was approaching on the run at the‘
time, and at the top of the steps Nick stopped long-

enough to call to him to take care of the place outside,

and to permit nobody to enter without his permission;

and then he'went\ inside and closed the door.
It was the butler who was lying in the hall. At first,
Nick thought he was dead, although no blood was visible

anywhere about him; but there was a huge welt across‘ .
_ his forehead, while upon the floor beside him was 3*‘
heavy cane that belonged to the master of the house,

doubtless left where it had fallen after the blow
been struck.

And what a blow it was, too! J,
One with a skull less thick than the butler must
been killed; butas he already manifested signs ofgreg
 Nick lefthim tothe min‘ - I

 
 

  
    
     
     

   
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
     
  
    
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
 

_of._. the others of the party, while he devoted himself to
‘ ﬁnding out what had happened from Thomas.

That is, he called to Thomas to follow him, and he
L went up the stairs two or three at a time, and so dashed
into the private sittingroom which Lilian Vanderbyke
' used almost exclusively when she was at home.

, ' The first glance inside the room told him that Lilian
by was no longer there, and he saw also that the place was
'11 great confusion; but he stopped at the threshold and
 held Thomas back.

_ “Wait!” he said. ‘i‘Tell me here, before we go any
‘T farther, what has happened?”

4 “I don't know what happened,” was the reply.
"Tell me what you do know.”

p “I was in my master's rooms, making up my monthly
5 accounts; I heard a scream; it sounded like madam;
Iran out into the hall, and I saw Miss Benson and madam
l ‘struggling together in the hall, right here, in front of
this door. Then two men leaped out of the room; they
:: had been inside, and I did not see them until then. One
of them struck my mistress in the back of the head, and
the fell. I fmgot that there was a telephone in the
master's room, and I started for the library, to use the
me that is there. One of the men tried to stop me
 head of the stairs, and I struck him. Somehow.
managed to knock him down. I don't know how I did
It-but I did."

“Go on! Go on! Never mind that.”

 I hit him he fell,’ and I ran down the stairs.
ran to the library and picked up the receiver. I re-
 your number, and called for it instantly. For-
tunately, I got it at once, and you answered. I tried to
el you what had happened, but as I was in the act of
‘_' I sonone of the men came into the library after me.
f threw something at me-I don't know what it was,

- A. I jumpedup and tried to run out after the man
 hit me. I saw him strike the butler with a
 ‘and saw. him leave by the front door. I ran to
door, and got there in time to see, a big automobile,
ajimousine body, start away from the curb at the
of sixty miles an hour. It might have been our
’' H , , foipyall I know. It looked like it."

 
  
  
 

 

, were broken, thus adding to the appearance of a wreck.

”h'tI¢'5Htn0¢ked me off the chair, and so that I fell to the V

' 7

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  

room, Vanderbyke joined him, for he had also rushed  '
tip the stairs, although not so fast as Nick. ,,
“Stay out here a moinent, Clarence,” said the detect- '5?
ive. I ‘

“But where is Lilian?
killed——”

“No, no, no. They have taken her away, that is all."

“Taken her away?” .

“Yes. Madge was here. She brought two men with
her. They had an automobile. I suppose, from what‘
Thomas says, that she had somehow got possession of 
your wife's machine. At all.events, they have gotten 5
safely way, and have taken Lilian with them."

“They will kill her; they————~”

“They won't do anything of the kind. If they had in-
tended to kill her, they would have attended to it while
they were here, and not have taken the trouble to carry
her 01?.” '

He passed inside the room then.

“Stand there in the dborway, Clarence,” he said. ,
“Wait there until I tell you that you can enter, and 
try to keep still for a moment.”- ‘

Then he looked about the room. 

He saw at once that there had been quite a struggle f
there before Lilian had succumbed to her assailant, for, I
according to Thomas, Madge had entered the room alone; ._
or, at least, if they had assisted her in seizing upon ’4{
Lilian, she had broken away from them and attempted to 
escape by running into the hall. 

At all events, the table in the center of the room was 
overturned, and everything that had rested upon it was
now scattered about the floor, and many of the articles

Is she in there? Have they

  

.. , .r ' . N ‘
;>s*'i‘-”;.1.x‘3«'=i'.4‘..:;u-“‘. '»-' :'..; ... -

 

 

A chair was overturned, and one arm was broken; and
this, Nick thought, must have been the chair in which
Lilian was seated when she was attacked.

A drawer of the desk was pulled out, the contents ~
were scattered on the ﬂoor, and for a moment Nick 3
thought that the men had riﬂed it in search of some I .,
thing; but then he saw arevolver lying on the carpet,
and he smiled, for he remembered what Van'derbyke
had said about the pistol that had not been loaded since»
hehad owned it.

“Lilian overturnedthat chair herself,” he mused, f'as
she jumped fromit to get hold of the pistol. She pulled
that drawer out herself, too. In “her haste, she pulled it-
too far out, so that she defeated her own object, for the
drawer, with its contents, fell to the ﬂoor, and, of course,
the revolver was spilled with them. I don’t think she even
had her hand on the weapon.”

Vanderbyke, in the doorwayynoddedy

“Hurry up, Nick, for. Heaven's sales it’ he said. _

The detective paused in his survey of the room 
looked at hisfriend.. . I  '_ I
fsavr  ’\€anderbyke’s foe!   ‘

 
 
     
 
   
 
    
 
 

  

 

  
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
    
       
     
     
    
 
         
      
      
       
   

, and he realized for the first time what agony the
n was trying to endure in patience, knowing it was
A that Nick should ‘not be disturbed while he was ma-
_ his survey. «

‘Brace up, old chap!” he said to him. “I don't think
is half so bad as it looks.”

But‘what has happened, Nick? Tell me that.”
“Madge has begun to take her vengeance a little sooner
' we anticipated, that is all.”

'But—-”

I don’t want you to get frightened, or to lose your
7 I really do not think there is cause for that.”
“All right, old man. I’ll try to hold myself in. Tell
, hat you do think about it.”

'fI‘think that your wife is safe from bodily harm, at
‘ present time. I think that Gipsy Madge has stolen
‘away by force, because she intends to make use of
a5 a lever against you. ‘In other words, I believe
- if she had any intention oi doing Lilian any bodily
, she would not have taken her away, as she has

” _
will try to think as you do; but, all the same, let’s
no time in beginning the search for her.’
 reappeared at the door at that moment, and

a that the butler was‘able to tell what he knew,
Nick added:
‘While I am talking with your butler,‘ do you go to
ﬁbnry and call up your garage. Ask if it was your
’s»nIoehine that was here, or, rather, ask if it is there.
is not, wefrnay consider that Madge somehow got
' « of it, and has used it in coming here.” ,
 the butler was still somewhat weak
effects of theblow he had received, but he
,‘ahle‘totell what had happened. o

   
   

  
  

inen were standing_,theqe,”;.he said.
ﬁicheuﬁenr who  for madam ﬂora
' one I did not know. I"was under
  ua: the cllanifeur had been diselunrged,
mvtam-e;,aud whenl saw him there I sup-
  been  Atleast, Iadmitted
I  insidewith him _
 they  door, the ehauﬁeur
, *threwm¢dnWn.*forheisveI’¥ strong He
 together the two men dragged

  
   

     
     

‘'Wh?ia.tl::deon~beil>rang,Iopenedit,toﬁndthat.

, door

*i8,onlyonetl1ing.thatyoucando." s

NEW ‘NICK CARTER WEEKLY.’ 5

they believed that I was quite so; with the result that

they soon left me. 3

“As soon as they were gone, I tried to get to my feet,
but found that it was for a moment impossible, for the
drug had had more effect upon me than I thought; how-
ever, at last I managed to get to the door and to throw
it open, and just as It did so, and staggered out into
the hall. I saw the same two men, and also Miss Ben-
son, who used to live here—'-—”

“Oh, cut it short,” said Nick. “Your English would
do for a schoolmaster. What I want are the facts.”

“Yes, sir. Miss Benson and the two men had just
arrived at the foot of the stairs, and they were carrying
Mrs. Vanderbyke between them. When I tried to inter-
fere, and I would have you understand that, although
weak, I did not hesitate to do so, one of the men seized
a cane that belongs to Mr. Vanderbyke and knocked me
down with it. That is the very last that I remember.”

“Did you recognize the machine that was outside _as
being the one that belongs to your mistress?” asked the ,
detective. 

“Yes, sir.” ' '

“Did you, in the momentary view that you had of
your mistress when they were carrying her down the
stairs, notice if she had been injured in any way?”

“Oh, sir, I hope not. ‘ I don't know. I think she must
have been unconscious, for her head was hanging back-
ward, as if she were.”

"You saw no blood?”

“No, sir.”

“You say that one of the men was the chauﬁeur;
would you recognize the other one if you should see him
again?”

“Most certainly, sir. A more villainous face I never
saw-—although he was dressed like a gentleman. But I
I would know him. I would know him.” , , -

“Was there any one outside with the machine when
you admitted the two men?”

“Yes, sir. A man was in the driver's seat.”

I

 

ICHAPTER III.
urex cure: runs a rmsr-crass awry.

The policeman who waited in front of the house 
the one who entered it with the detective, each hadto
make their report to the captain of the precinct, and so
Nick thoughtl-it was best to send out a general alarm for’
Mrs. Vanderbyke. which he did; and as soon as that was
done, he drew Clarence into the library and cldsed the:

  
  

   
  
 
 

"1~iow,uu~ence," he said, “there is absolutely nothing;
that you can.do, in person, for the present-——that is, there’.

   
   
   

 lathe?”

  

asked thestricken man. 

 
 

 
 

   
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
    
 
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
 

 
I

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY,

 

“Who engaged that chauffeur when you ﬁrst got him some news of Lilian by that time. You can take :1 

for your wife?” surface-care down, or walk. I’m going to use my ma-
“I did.” chine.” ‘ ‘ .
“Where did you get him?” M “Are you going to try to trail the Mercedes, the ma- 
“He was recommended to me by———” chine which took Lilian away?” 4

, “Never mind telling me whom. I will tell you what “Yes.”
‘ you can do.” . “I wish I could go with you.” .
«wen?» ‘ “You can do much more good in the manner I have
told you.” -

“Go to the man or the men who recommended him,
and ﬁnd out from them, if you can, all that is to be
learned about the fellow’s antecedents. I want to know
where he has worked before, and, in fact, everything that
_is to be found out about him. That will give you'some-

thing to do, and the information may prove to be very _ _
open and running, and as he had never found out just

useful to me.” h h _ 1 p
“I can do that.” ow many persons there were w 0 were direct y con- 

sayou remember, dot“ yOu_or perhaps I did not tell nected with the. gang, he thought that possibly there my
y°u_that he was hand in glove with the gang of black wou.d be some 1I‘lfOI‘l’l'laIlO!'l obtainable there. to

mailers who worked from the security of the Hotel Sul- He‘ recalled’ t°°’ the feet _that Chick had Said t° him
taxi?» that there were more mysteries than one connected with

Vanderbyke nodded. the management of that place, and he thought this as _
“I do!“ think I t 01 d you, because I did not have 0cca_ good a time as any to‘ make a little further investigation .1

sion to do so, that I had Patsy make himself up to into the matter‘

Verepresent that chauffeur. His name is Jules Renier, _ Tlwzalleged propeietor _°f _the Hotel Sun?“ was “°?' .
innit n in the Tombs, awaiting indictment and trial, and his

“Yea” manager, Conklin, was there with him; but the hotel
waslstill running, and one of the clerks had been left

“All right.”

As soon as he was gone, Nick left the house. When
he entered his machine he drove it at once to the hotel
where the blackmailers had hung out before he broke up
their operations; but all the same, as the hotel was still _i

‘_‘I had the fellow locked up in my house for a few

hours the other day, but when I found that the thing in charge‘ _ »
was an ever, 1 tamed him 100$-,e agagm Now, what I It had been established, of course, that Mrs. Vander-

want you to do is this: G0 at once back again to my b3'ke'5 m°h°.V had Purchased the P13“: and 3 t¢mP°Y3''Y ‘

muse Patsy is the;-e_ Tell him that I want him to receiver had been placed in charge; but he was a law- 7 ‘

tn;-ke tfp again, as quiekb. as he em,‘ in the eha,-aete, of yer, who could not give his attention to the affairs of

Juges Renget-_ After that he is to go with yet,’ in one the place, and so it had been deemed wise that he should

of your machines, while you make the inquiries about Fetal“ the Staﬁ» 35 far 35 P°5Sih1¢-

him.” ‘ _ Nick, in advising this course, had ’had in mind what

t “But wﬁat, is the idea 0f having the man with me Chick had said to him, and he had intended to give his ‘_
about whom I am supposed to be making inquiries? pot attention to the place as soon as he could. Now seemed 

Vv if Patsy is made up to represent Jules, those whom I '50 he the time» "

 about him will suppose all the time that it is Jules When he arrived at the hotel he found the clerk al-

Who is outside with me." ‘ ready in charge. He evidently felt the "responsibility of

“ﬁxacﬂy; and that is what 1 wish them to suppese_ his new position as acting manager, for he was leaning

Youmust carry the idea that you are especially pleased back in the proprietor's chair, in the private oﬂice, smo-

with the man’ and think of promoting him A touch of king an expensive cigar, when the .deteetive entered. L 

 on the part of other chauffeurs will make them “You need not get up,” said Nick ironically, as he 

 to do a little ‘lmocking,’ and you will be much entered the private office. “You appear to be far too. 

t  likely to get the information you want, than if you comfortable to be disturbed. You know who I am?”

‘  supposed to be hunting a criminal. Those fellows “Yes, ‘sir. Yes, yes.” '

H '39 to anyﬂlengths protect one of their fraternity ' “I would like to see that last message you received

 accused of wrong ' , but I have yet to" hear of from Mordaunt,” said the detective. I ~ g
 has good to say of another who is getting The clerk started guiltily. He colored to the roots of ‘i

I bit faster than his brethren. See the point?” V his hair and then turned pale.

 ’ “The last -letter ?" he faltered.

 Go ahead. What you have to do will “Yes,” said Nick. “I suppose you have already re-

«»   ’I‘lien.vif’you can, meet ‘me at eeived several since your former master was taken to

    try toﬂhave jail. Where are they?”  '  " =

' ~ 1

        
     
      
   

    

  
 
  
    
     
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
     
   
   
  
   
     
  
   
   
 

 

R‘/‘Really, sir, I——-—”

« wouldn't take the trouble to lie about it if I were
,”~said Nick coldly. “I see very plainly that you
ve received such letters. Your manner tells me that.
Ow would you like to occupy a cell immediately adjoin-
H; Mordaunt’s? He wouldn’t have to send letters to
 in that case. He could talk; eh?”

_‘ “Oh, sir! I——— You are joking, of course."

'. *“Jokingl I never was more in earnest in my life.
ere are those letters?”

“I destroyed them, sir, as soon as I read them."
7‘As he directed you to do?”

“Yes, sir." .
."Quite-so; but you remember very well what was in
titan, don't you?”

-“I’m—I’m afraid that I do not, sir; only generally."
“Very well, tell me—-generally--what they contained.”

1

."I'hey were merely about the conduct of the hotel, and
. care of the guests, sir; really.” . The acting’ manager
 recovering his equanimity, and also his assurance
, - w. And Nick believed that it was more than likely
the had destroyed the letters, for it would not be the
hey of a member of such a gang as that one had been,
-- doubtless still was, to preserve incriminating docu-
4?.’ .“I will question  a little further on that point pres-
," ‘said the detective. “Fbr the present, there is
 that I would like to know.”

“Indeed, sir, I shall be happy to supply you with all
information in my power.”

“Then tell me exactly ‘what time it was when Gipsy

~ came here yesterday.”

Gipey 'Madg&—came here-—-yesterday? Really-——”
.‘§I;oolr here, ,rnist_er——I don't know what your name is

  

g ’t  matter." _
 nameis Anthony Clark;”’. » ' ‘

any  will be just as well for you, ifsyou
try to deceive me. I know that Gipsy Madge was
W.  I’-hnawithat she stayed here last night;
 that the helda long interview with Jules_Renier

  

“ime1l:.’»yoi:.a11:I‘i:‘now_,sii-.'l= 1, . . »
‘I ~.:Y,ou'.n:~eIensi'ble--ifyon-wishtokeepoutof

   
  

dotieenothirreiso get» into iaiL"»
umal_u.§u—be been .W_'hat time did that
. f'yes%=rday?” . . I
 in the -_mor;_ning, sir.” e .
‘I  t_h3t,5_,I.l,;nowga'lot about
 Im. likely to

woman

    
 

  
 

,.

V

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  you are what__mjgj,g a +1 g

     

“To what interview do you refer, sir?”

“If you listen, you will find out, doubtless. When you
held that important interview—at least, Madge regarded
it as important, although I think you must have thought
it very risky—we_ren’t there four of you present?”

“Four, sir? Really-—-—”

“Just answer me with yes, or no.”

“There were four present, part of the time. But—————”

“Never mind the buts. There were Madge, Jules,
yourself, and——who was the other one?”

“Ed Pineaud.”

“The perfumery man?” asked the detective, with a
smile.

“It is almost the same name, isn’t it? But I wish to
say at once, sir, that I did not remain with them during
the interview. That is the truth, so help-———”

“I believe you. You discovered that they were going
to discuss something which you preferred not to know
about at the time,~or, rather, which you deemed it safer
to be ignorant about. But you know that the subject had
to do with Mrs. Vanderbyke, don't you?”

“I know that much; but no more about it.”

“What? Do you mean to tell me that you do not
know that Madge had determined to visit some sort of
revenge upon Mrs. Vanderbyke, and that the consulta~
tion was called in order to lay her plans for that very
thing?”

“I knew that the lady you mention was to be the
subject of the conversation, but beyond that I knew noth- i
ing, and do not know anything now.” 

“Do you mean to say that you got out as soon as her ‘
name was mentioned ?”

“I do. I got out of the room before there was a word
said between the three about ‘anything, and Madge
agreed with me-—————” '

He stopped abruptly, bit his lip, and flushed. Nick
laughed aloud.

“Go on,” he said. “You were about to say that Madge 
agreed with you that it was just as well for all con- _’
cerned, considering the fact that you were to remain
here in charge of the hotel for a while, that you should
not be informed of their plans. I can understand that,
and why Madge should think so. But I know alittle bit
of what they planned. For one thing, the man Jules.
was to go to the garage and obtain possession of the‘
automobile he used to drive before he was ﬁred. He,

thought that probably they would not know at the gar-F
age that he had been discharged, and that he could
therefore, obtain possession of the car without any trou
ble. Isn’t that so?” i _ «  I

“I think he suggested something ofthat sort to 
down here; but I ordered him out of the hotel at once.
~.,Nick laughed again. ,. -

 ."He didn’t go,  Hardly, since lie was 

 
      
        
   

 
  
       
    
  
   
     
       
    

    
 

  

   
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
    
   
     
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  

called a ‘peach.’ You are as ingenuous as a maiden.
But I know enough about the interview already. We
will get .down to ‘cases’ now. You know when the auto-
mobile drew up in front of the door to-day, don’t you?
You know when Madge, and Pineaud, and-—we won't
mention the name of the other one just now-got into it,
don’t you? You know when the machine drove away
from here, don’; you? And you know when it returned,
and what and whom it brought here, don’t you? I see
’ _ byyour face that you do; and, Mr. Clark, I want you to
tell me at once _where those people are-—ugtles: you wish
to go to the Tomb:--now!”

-—--~—

CHAPTER xv.
THE BLACKMAILING OCTOPUS.

When the detective entered the hotel he had no idea
at all regarding what would take place there. Con-
vinced as he was that practically everyemployee of the
place was in sympathy with Gipsy Madge and her fol-
lowers, he had resorted to the specious blufling we have
 seen in order to draw, or, rather, to force, Anthony
‘ ‘Clark, the clerk, to speak.

And now, as the detective made the demand upon the
clerk to tell all he knew, assuming himself the attitude of
one who was already informed, he was surprised, as well
as pleased, to see the eﬁect he produced.

. Clark's face turned frightfully pale the instantvthe de-
rnand was made. He moved uneasily-in his chair, and
caught his breath twice as he tried to speak.

Nick saw that he had surprised'a guilty knowledge in
the man; he saw that Clark twice attempted to lie out of
the trap into which he had fallen, and that each time
he hesitated to utter the falsehood that was on the tip
of his tongue, fearing that the shrewd detective would
catch him in the lie, and would carry out his threat to
sendhimtotheTombs atonoe.

And Nick waited in patience and insilence for the man
':°§*PeI|<- . i

‘ But at last, when nobsound was forthcoming, although
, ‘clerk’: lips ‘moved again and again, be repeated his
ﬁexpand, ‘even more quietly than before, but still with
 emphasis; and then he said:

?‘_You know where Gipsy Madge and her captive are
this moment, Clark. Where are they?” _

V don't, Mr. Carter. I do not, so help me 1”

stick drew a pair of handcuffs from one of his pockets

  

  

so,” said Nick coolly. “They are still here,

are they not?" .~ \
;<hnotl:now;i-eally, Idonot.” , .
?- Not  if they  here? Ha.ven’t

  

  

 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

U

agairssfor the. boy -camegto  efﬁce 

 

“Yes.”

 

“And isn't it true that you have not been away from 7

this hotel to-day ?”
“Yes."

F.

“How is it, then, that you do not know that they are 

still in the building?” :

“Because, if you know so much, you must also know 
that it would have been an easy matter for Madge to

have left the house by one of the other entrances; and
you know there are others.”

Most men in Nick Carter’s place at that moment would
have leaped to their feet and have started at once to ﬁnd
the people who had entered the house; but Nick knew
that his mine of information was directly in front of
him, and that he could gain nothing by undue haste, par-
ticularly at that juncture.

Instead of starting ‘forward at once and demanding
that he be taken immediately to the room, or rooms, to
which Madge had conducted her captive, he remained
quietly in his chair; he drew a cigar from his pocket and
lighted it—-and then he asked quietly:

“I suppose that, really, Madge had no idea of remain-
ing in the hotel more than a few moments, did she?”

“She intended to pass directly through it; I know that
much,” was the astounding reply; and Nick knew posi-
tively, at last, that he was on the right track. Hereto-
fore, it had been only rough conjecture and guesswork;
now it was certainty; but the clerk continued:

“I know that there were some things of hers here that
she wished to take away with her. She came to get
those things, and, having secured them, she doubtless left
at once by. one of the other exits."

“Doubtless. Now, Clark, you have committed your-
self thus far, it will be well for you if you tell me all
you know.”

“I see that. I know it. I will tell you all I know
about it. The truth is that, before she left here to go
to the house of Mrs. Vanderbyke, I told her that she
must not return here. She laughed at me for that, and
replied that she would do ezéactly as she pleased about
that. Need I confess that I am afraid of her?”

“No; I think you would be afraid of your shadow if
it should happen tomenace you. Go on; Mr. Clark.”

“I told her that I must wash my hands of her and
of the whole outﬁt, and--—”

‘,‘And you got yourself laughed at again, didn’t you?”

“Yes.” -

“Go on."

“When the automobile returned here, and Mrs. Van-
derbyke was brought inside, I tell you the truth when I

say-that I did not know they were here at all until they
had ascended in the elevator.”

“I can believe you. Go on." I -
_f‘I was toldfhowever, when the ele‘vator.came.do-wn

’ s

   

   
 

 

I

54
‘ -1
a


 

fl.
'5
'4
=4
5
ll

 

 
    
    

 
 

   
   
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
        
 

 

I~sent him back to tell Madge that she must leave
hotel at once.”

Ick laughed aloud.

“Why didn't you take the message yourself ?” he

, =“ So’you do not know whether she left the house or
?"

“You say that it left the front of the house; do you
;by that that it doubtless went around to one of
- « other exits to which you have referred?”

' into the hotel, or was she carried in?” '
he walked in, although she was supported on either

  

have told you that it was driven away atponce.”
 drove it away?” _—
‘ . g I -suppose.” V

Who is Craddock? Chi he was the third man

 
 
    
     
     
  

 
 

" . _' I
I

thhe were ‘three chauﬁeurs: Jules, Pineaud, and
.. r I guppose, in their capacity\ of chauﬁeurs,

' i headaud madeno i-eply; but at last he
  :“"¥.

 ‘V’ ‘ t'o7save' my own neck‘ in this

   that I

       

   

 

 7NEV\'l‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

_‘“" '

  

you will ask questions, I will answer, and I will tell you

the truth as far as I know it.”

“All right,” replied the detective. “The degree of my
generosity as exhibited to you will depend entirely upon
yourself. If you carry out the purpose you have men-
tioned and are utterly and entirely frank with me, it
will be much better for you; but if, on the other hand,
I ﬁnd that you have withheld information that would be
of assistance to me, I will make it worse for you than
if you had said nothing at all. Do you understand that?”

“Yes.”

“Then we are to conclude that while Madge and Jules
assisted _Mrs. Vanderbyke to a room somewhere in the
upper part of this house, Pineaud and :_ Craddock took
the machine around to one of the other exits, there to
await the time when they should come out again?”

“Yes.”

“Do you, or do you not, know that they did go out
of the house again? And by ‘the house’ I mean any and
all parts of this nest of iniquity that has ﬂourished here.
Do you understand that?”

“Yes.”

L “Now answer the other question.”

5 “Honestly I do not know whether they went out or if
they are still somewhere about these buildings.” ,
“Now, where are those other exits that you have re-

ferred to?” *

“One is on the adjoining street; the other opens on the
avenue.”

“And what are those exits?”

“One——that one on the 'avenue—is an employment _
agency for upper servants; the other-—the one on the 
adjoining street——is the ‘Chauffeurs’ Club.’ ” ”

“By Jove!” exclaimed the detective. “You certainly
had it all down ne, didn’t you?”

“Yes. That w all the arrangement of Gipsy Madge
and Mordaunt.”

“And you have worked your blackmailing dodge by_
supplying upper servants, such as maids, valets, butlers,
housekeepers, chauﬁeurs and coachmen, and footmen, . _
to such employers as you intended to make your victims.” ‘ 

“Yes."

Nick sat veryistill, and was absolutely silent for sev?"
eral moments after that revelation. I ' '

The stupendousness of it startled him. The endless
ramiﬁcations of such a scheme. could be ﬁgured out only.‘ ‘
in multiples, and the combinations that could be thus -
formed for preying upon victims of the_blackmailer's qt»; »
were non-ﬁgurablc.

He rose presently, and passed to the‘door, which he .
closed and lbcked. Then he returned to his chair and
ﬁxed his_ eyes steadily upon'Clark, who was regarding #-
him aﬂrightedly, and with a nervous twitching of
eyelids which showed under what a strain he was laboriés

   
  

  
   
   
         

     
   
    
   
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
     
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
     
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

J

, T“Clarl<,” said the detective seriously and slowly, “lis-

I ten to me.”

‘‘‘Yes, sir."

“I had no idea of stumbling upon quite such a mare’s
 nest as this one is. It is much greater and inﬁnitely
more villainous than I supposed it to be—-—and it has got
V to be broke up, root and branch.”

“Yes, sir.”

“A little while ago I referred to it all as an octopus;
. but I had no idea how many arms the machinery of it
, possessed.”

“No. I suppose not.”

' "And now I see that it is in this condition: _That' if
' we chop oﬁ an arm or two, like sending the chief of it
all in the person of Mordaunt, to "prison, the arms that
remain, keep on working--a case of ‘Everybody works
but father’; eh P”

“Just about that, Mr. Carter.”

; “Very well; I have got you dead to rights, now ;. just
where I want you. If you don’t help me, all the way
T, through this thing to the end, telling me all you know,
 I will send you up the river on different counts until I
get youabout twenty years, or more. If you do help
; me------—’’ i -
, “Well, sir ?”
,“I’ll some day turn my back and let you prove
whether you can run or not.”

CHAPTER V.
-rnz SECRET noon.

I'll help you, Mr. Carter; I will, I promise you.”
“That goes without saying, since you have got to do
 How many of the servants and employees of this
 are mixed up in this thing?” ’

‘Every one, sir. There is not an employee here today
his is not at the mercy of Mordaunt, but, of course,
"‘ he has been sent to prison, there have been a‘few

- I S.” ‘,

t more honor to those who deserted.“ Now, who
chief of aﬁairs,4ince the imprisonment of Mor-

I

,-to  Gipsy Madge at all. The chiefof
 business’ was Mordaunt. f‘Next to him came

 Fink?”
about to» it
 Gob; ‘rink is at the

 re 

  

..o.- 

 
 

  
 

 
 

Cadwalador is nomi-‘

     
 

   “  " '

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKl.Y.

I9

 

.ithebun:h.’.’, «
.le‘ .‘ -

 

“Well?"

“The strange part of it all is——and it is something
that none of us can understand——that Cadwalador and
Fink both disappeared when Mordaunt was arrested.
Of course, they are merely laying low, to avoid being
put under arrest. Neither one of them has showed up
since.”

The detective nodded ‘his head, and a peculiar light
came into his eyes. ‘

“I think I understand that,” he said. “Let me ask I I

you a question right here. Did you ever happen to see
those three men together? Or have you ever seen two
of them together, or at the same time?”

A puzzled look settled upon Clark’s face, and he re-
plied, after a moment's thought.

“No. I do not think I ever did.”

“Well, go on with your relation. Who are Cadwalador
and Fink." '

“I have told you all that I know about them. Cad-
walador, as the head of the club of chauffeurs, directed
everything over there. He received the reports of the
chauﬁeurs—about what their employers did or might
do-about anything which might be used against them
to make" them give up money,.an'd Fink did the same
thing ,for the upper servants. Then, there has always
been {a fourth character--and he has also disappeared
for aijtime.” ‘

“Who was he P”

"We have known him only by the\name of Slick. He
was the collector; the rat; the one who did all of the
really dll’t}'\WOl'l(.”

“It strikes me that it is all dirty work. What about
the man Slick?”

“He has always been in the habit of appearing and
disappearing mysteriously. He was always around
when he was least expected, andisometimes there have
been many days at a time when he did not show up at
all, so it is not strange that I have not seen him for
some time.” ‘ ' ,‘

“As a matter of fact,’ you have not seen him, either,
since the arrest of Mordaunt, have you, Clark ?"

“No, sir."

“Have-you ever read a story by a French author called
‘The Clique of Gold’ ?” i

“No.”

“I recommend that you should read it. I think that
Mordaunt, from what you tell me,'has not only read‘ it,
but that he has endeavored to take a lesson from it. But

never mind that. The point is, that since the‘ arrest of  ii
»Mordaunt, the other three important personages in this ‘ 

usiness have made themselves scarce around here; ch?”
1: vi ’ ' ‘ .- r ‘ ‘
Yes. i . l - "

l “Now tell me just what Madge had to.:do'with 

“M’adge_‘was-¥~and’“isi  _I  ‘S

   

 

       
  

   
  
     
    
   
     
    
   
    
    
   
   

 how did you dare to order her out of the
,_ . 2"
only suggested that she should go in order to save
all. She saw the point as plainly as I did.”
 now, that she is also gone, who is the head
the business ?”
“There is no head. Orders come from nobody knows
= a e in cipher. They are transmitted to the employees
the hotel through me, and to the other departments
' h Jules and the fellow Craddock.”

“I see. So, in the absence of Mordaunt, and his alter
gas, you are practically at the head of things. Is that
?” .

I .i‘No. I am boss here, in‘the hotel, but I am not liked

the other departments. Craddock and Jules and Pin-

’, ndwould any of them knife me—-murder me, in fact-—
§.f~-'it could be done without discovery.”

“Well, Clark, the first thing to be done, is to ﬁnd Mrs.
jnderbyke and restore her to. her husband and her
‘ ; after that, I will give my attention to the black-
ﬁtailing  of the business. Now do I understand
you have. enlisted topassist me, under my promise
-give you, personally, a chance to escape—in time?”

_"Very.-well. Understand me, I never adopt any half-
measul-es. I shall give you plenty of head-room,

you must know at the start that if you hit it

A anything the blow will be so hard that you will

— recover from the effects of it. Are you on?”

3'1 am; thoroughly.”

“Then I will give you my orders at once.”

“I am ready.”

 "I want you to set the machinery of this nest at work

5 once; to find out, without delay, where Mrs. Vander-
‘ ‘_ is  You can do that—you must

   

  

  

  

 wasand is deathly afraid of him. He is a

  
  
 

"   ‘was surprised intoagreeing with

_  it in the neck very soon afterward.”

that": camerathat I see up there on top of the
asked Nick, abruptly changing the subject.

    V"  it belong" _

‘ have, the photographer of the out-
‘  many compromising pictures

 
 

, . . . J 1.

‘. .2 “-“€_ 3 '

_: NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

«“I_ cannot tell you much more about him save that .

‘ing about ﬁnding out what has become of Mrs. Vander-

h.-;Le’1:ee.ri..,on¢.of the, most

n__ ._,_.,_,
1» ..'v

 
  

II. «I
“What utter scoundrels! And you have taken the
pictures?”

“Yes, most of them. Nearly all of them, in fact.” I",

“What sort of pictures?”

“Compromising pictures. If Mr. Jones strolled on
the street with Mrs. Brown, or if Mr. Adams took Mrs.
Anybody at all to dinner, I got a picture of it, if I could.
If an automobile-party was to go out late at night, I
would be told of a good place where the chauffeur would
pass and at what hour he would be there, and it was
my duty to make a ﬂash-light picture of the company.
I have obtained some very-——”

“Oh, I haven’t a doubt about it. But there is another
point which interests me more deeply than that.”

“Yes?” asked the clerk.

“Did you ever take any pictures for yourself alone,
Clark?”

“Really, sir, I-——-”

“Out with it!” }
“Only a few.” ”
“Such as-—what ?” . r;

“Of the four chiefs.”
“Exactly. That is what I wished to know.”

“You see, sir, I have expected that some day there
would be an upheaval here, as there is soon to be now.
I watched my opportunity, and I have good pictures of
Mordaunt, of Cadwalador, of Fink, and of Slick——pic-
tures which I could use if the occasion should arise, so
that they would have to take their medicine along with
me; so that they could not sneak out of their own re-
sponsibilities for what has occurred here. You see, sir,
they have something up their sleeves against every man
and woman in their employ—-usually it is something that
would send that particular man or woman to prison-or
worse.” .

“Exactly; and you obtained these pictures in order « is
that you might defend yourself as against your em-
ployers, if any one of them should take it into his head
to threaten you.”

“That is it; yes.”

“That was an exceedingly wise precaution on your-
part. Now, what I wish you to do at once is to pro-
duce those four pictures. Bring them hereto me and
leave them with me while you go and start that ball roll-

Nit-‘a.;.5i L. , I

      
    

aiﬁmgne 2.:.|4‘~«.n'

      
 
      
    
      
     
     
   
    
   
     
     
   
 

byke.” ‘ f
“I will have to go to my room to get them. They.
are hidden away where nobody but I can ﬁnd them.” i‘
“Go and get them then—-no-w!” ' J _
“You have no fear that I will not return to you with:
them?” J _ , 
“No. If you do not return, in mighty short order}:
you will wish all the rest of your life that you had ’ ‘
so. Gol” .
He went; but he was back again in a surpr‘ -.~

    
  

       
     
        

    
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
 

‘ short time, and he laid the photographs on the table be-.
fore the detective.
“You are an excellent photographer, all right,” said
Nick, as he glanced at them without appearing at the
‘moment to be especially interested in them.
“You may go now, and attend to that other part of
the business," he added. “And I advise you to see to
it thoroughly that it is done right. When you return
I want you to be able to tell me where Mrs. Vanderbyke
is detained. Do you understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I will wait here for you; but stay!”
“Yes, sir.”
_ “Where are Mordaunt's private living-rooms? His
dressing-room and sleeping-room? You may take me
to them and leave me there, only, when you return, you
may look for me here. Give me your key to this pri-
vate oﬁce. I will probably be here when you return;
,,unless—/——”
'_ "Unless what, sir?”
"Unless something should happen to me in the mean-
time. One cannot always foresee events.”
1 “That is true, sir. I only hope that old Papa Slick
will not turn up. I have been living in dread of him
‘every moment." -
“I would ask nothing better. Now, take me to those
‘rooms of Mordaunt’s.”
‘ _Clark had been all the time seated in front of a high
deal: which supported a cabinet of pigeonholes on top
f it. Now he shoved back his chair, and, reaching
'der the desk, pulled upon a lever that was concealed
aﬁtae, and instantly the whole desk swung out away
 the wall, disclosing an opening behind it that was
the height and width of an ordinary door, and re-
ealing a bare anteroom beyond it. _ -
_"The rooms are there, Mr. Carter,” he said. “I dis~
towered this lever, which works the concealed door, by
siccident. ' But what you see is all I know. I have not
-4 to grater; I have not gone farther toward them
I am now, for I know that there are concealed
I «:4-« ‘in there, and that it is as much‘ as your life is
 to venture beyond that secret door. What lies
and there I do not know; but-—I would rather, right.

‘unju-

A tuck CARTER mars A may GAKE.

I Carter laughed at the fears of the clerk. and '
his‘: from the room; and his parting injunction to
f aaunfederate was this: _ _
 nottoretumimﬁlyouhave I to

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ,

 

after the moment when you have anything to report. - in.

Now, go.”

Before the detective made any move at all to enter ’ 5

the mysterious rooms beyond the secret door he care-
fully studied the mechanism of the arrangement, and was
soon in possession of all its mysteries. He learned how
it was opened and closed from either side, and, with that
knowledge in his possession, he passed through and
closed the door after him.

As has been said, the room immediately beyond the
swinging desk was small, and almost entirely bare of
furniture; and there was but one other door leading
out of it.

That was upon the right, out of sight from the office,
when the swinging desk was open; and across its panels
was a plainly lettered sign which read:

“Death lies beyond this door for him who enters with-
out permission.”

“That is interesting,” thought the detective, as he
paused to read it. “Now, I wonder just what form of
death the ingenuity of Mordaunt has provided? The
thing ‘has the appearance ‘of being harmless'enough."

He thought over it a moment, and then he returned
to the office and secured a cane that he had seen there,
standing in one of the corners. With that, he returned
to the small room, and, crossing to the door with the
sign upon it, he turned the knob slowly.

It yielded to his touch readily enough; then the de-
tective stepped back out of the way, and, crouching law,
he pushed the door quickly open with the cane.

Instantly there was a sharp report," such as a 22-caliber
cartridge might make, and Nick smiled when he realized
that if he had followed the opening of the door, by push-
ing his body with it, the little bullet would have lodged
somewhere in his vitals. ,

A short examination revealed the fact that a curious
spring was connected with the door«jamb on the inside-—

that is, beyond the door--in such a manner that when_

the door was pushed open the spring wasworked; and
in working it ﬁred a 22-cartridge slantingly along the
face of the door so that the bullet would have inflicted
an unpleasant wound in the shoulder of a man who was
trying to enter-—provided he did not keep out of the
way as Nick had done.‘ I '
. But now the detective stepped through into the ad
joining room without further hesitation, and here he was
amazed by- the evidences of luxury which confronted
him on every hand.

It was evident that Mordaunt, at least, was possessed
of exquisite taste, for, although the room was ventilated
and'lighted only from the top, where a shaft extended to
a glass dome upon the roof, it was, nevertheless, per-

fectly appointed in every particular. A prince with the 1‘
znarts of the world at his command could not have been” 1

more sumptuous in his  ofadotnnzsnts.

 

 

 

    
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
    
  
   
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
    

And the detective understood, moreover, that he was
',_.lo,nger in the hotel building.

:He knew that by the distance to the roof over his
_ d; and when he paused to remember, he recalled the

admittance was at the extremity of one side of the
 mg.
One door only besides that through which he‘ entered
' from this room, and it was directly opposite the
A This, too, was closed and locked, and, after turning
; _ key, Nick employed the same precautions that he had
‘ T - use of before—only, this time, nothing happened.
 were no more cartridges to explode in his ear.
The door gave upon another room that was even
.. _ r, and which was a sleeping-room.

“:5 This, like the other, was lighted and ventilated from
 It contained the usual articles of furniture and
gllherwise of a sleeping-room. Additional light was, of

 obtained by turning on an electric switch.’

-H. of which gave into closets, and each closet was
 -~ ly supplied with clothing. The fourth opened
 anarrow and dark hallway.

, Nick closed all these doors after he had peered be-

WT under one of.‘the' electric lights, and, having drawn
 close to him, he laid the photographs upon
 photographs ‘which, until now, he had barely

lied at, although .he was well aware of the value
would be to him.

What another man can do, I can do,” he said to him-
ialoud, smiling, as he looked, upon the pictures. “It
very plain to me that Mordaunt was in turn each of
jnther characters in the working of his plots. He
it _  himself from Mordaunt into'Cadwalador,
 or Papa  at will. It is a very old and a
clever scheme, andgit lreqtiires. an exceedingly clever
 it..out, but Mordaunt is a clever man, and
 its 1 . \- .
was, by turns, Mordaunt; ‘then Cadwalador, then
=*  .whe.u he desirgd to spy upon his umﬂoyees.
  tithes, he m‘ade__himself into Papa Slick.

   

   

ennatentaof the: closets ‘prove all "that, ifl had‘
«‘ig.:5_¢fgr¢“; the m. erious disappearance of
-; threeicharicters at the time of the arrest
. would establish it satisfactorily to me, even
, T  Clique of’Gol _.'" b
' "aro§gnd£lie'roohiatnomentandthenhe

   
 

 A
\ L},/‘fincx  (ave-,_

 

that the private oﬁice from which he had obtained.

But here there were several doors-—four, in fact--~

 each one; and he seated himself upon an easy,

. of the hotel. Not a trace of him was left.

d lest  in watchingone of his victims, for he
.a.n,.y ‘

   

 

NEW _» NICK CARTER‘ WEEKLY.‘

when he wished to pose as Cadwalador, the president of
the Chauﬁeurs’ Club, he went through that same door,
and turned off somewhere, so that his route took him
to the club-rooms in the adjoining street. Good again!

“There should also be a third way out through that
passage; another branch from it which would lead to
another secret exit to this maze of buildings, which he
kept religiously to himself, in order that, in an emer-
gency, it would aﬁord him a means of escape. The only
mistake about that was, that he did not have time to
make use of it when I came here to arrest him-— and he
got caught. Gee! I didn’t suppose I was arresting four
men, when I took Mordaunt in!”

He smiled at this, and then gave his attention to the
pictures again.

The first one that he studied was an excellent photo- A
graph of Mordaunt in proper person. It could not have
‘been better, and Nick decided then and there to preserve
it for his private rogues’ gallery.

The second one was labeled “Cadwalador." It
showed a man who did not in the least resemble his sup-
posed chief. He looked shorter, and stockier, and he
wore a shock of white hair and a patriarchal beard which
covered the shirt-front; but ‘it was Mordaunt, although _.
Nick admitted to himself that if he had not already
known of the deception he might not have discovered
it. But, knowing it, he was able in many ways to trace
the resemblance. .

The third was labeled "Fink." It was unmistakably
the picture of» a Jew; and such a Jew as we read about
and see in plays at the theater. If you have ever seen
Irving’s make-up as “Fagin" you have only to recall it
to see Fink before you; and he was the employment-
agency man.

Here, there was not a trace of resemblance to Mor-
daunt, and Nick laughed aloud at the excellence of the
disguise. 3 

“I could not have done it half so well myself, I am 
afraid,” he murmured; “at least, not unless I had tried.
very hard indeed.” . l

But he ‘laid that aside and picked up the fourth pic--. .
ture, for this was the one that interested him the most
at the present moment. .

It was labeled “Bapa Slick”; an appropriate name. -
Nick thought, with a grirnace. ' “-‘Q ‘

“Papa Slick” was fat and ﬂabby and oily to a degree} 5.
He wore anliron-gray wig and had a smooth face--andl.7
in this latter respect he was like Mordaunt. Butpi
some unknown manner, the artist in make-up had SEQ‘.
ceeded in destroying all resemblance to the proprietor , Z

  
     
       
   
 

   

    
  

   

 
  
      

  
    
  

 
  
  
 

The photographer had “caught” him at a 
moment,-somewhere in the street when he was ’

   
    
 

     
 

     

 hise;

  

 »  Qwhiehgleaming; there was a demoniacal grin upon his

hard, although fat, face; he was leaning forward, rest-
his his weight upon a cane-stick with both~hands, and
theﬁsuggestion of a bump on his back was accentuated
by this position.

 _“That,” said the detective, speaking aloud again, “is
xttnasterpiece of make-up.” .

The detective remained for a long time motionless,
studying the picture; and then suddenly, as if his mind
were irrevocably made up, he sprang to his feet, and,
leaving the pictures on the table, again opened the doors

the three closets and began rummaging among the

?‘Hc had not far to search, for presently he had tossed
  ﬂoor behind him every article which he thought
he would need. A

Returning then, be compared them, one by one, with
13¢ picture of Papa Slick, nodding each time he veriﬁed
idea.
I ,Atrd.then,. with surprising alacrity, he began divesting
"  lf oi his own clothing. —
 reader already understands what he was about
M was plentifully supplied with everything he
3 e e to create the make-up; g .
A riiew but tall chiﬁonier at one side of the room»
, “drawers ﬁlled with the wigs and pigments that
inecgwsary-~and, C in short, with every necessary
‘V each of the characters that Mordaunt was in
Ioi‘. There was nothing wanting.
was 3 long pier-glass in the room which came
itheiﬁoor,:and. before this the detective worked
 stepped back. ‘at last, with all trace
C it entirely gone, and, instead, ‘appeared the
crush A,-_°.vi!155l¢|'. but withal expressionless,
liﬁslicitit ~_ g V
 _ r was  iathe art of making-.up as
, the world; Indeed; ht had made it a study
and, with the picture to help him, and with
 ofthe  costume ready at his hand, he?
adiﬂéeulty whatever',.in'r,pefr?feetly reproducing the
 mrsidreaded aud+‘feared by all the em-
 Haclcmailers’  1 L ~
only   costume now-;

'4  andhe  

edthe

"39 ..

raster, he oould not

 he did,

tonholes, and its shiny back where the hump made it‘;

prominent; the tall hat, of ancient lineage, which had
been innocent of a brush for years; the cracked patent»
leather shoes, worn down at the heels.

The whole dress was the personiﬁcation of the shabby»
genteel, barring the dirt; for the shabby-genteel likes to
be clean.

He left his own. garmentsin the room, having sup-
plied himself with such articles as he might need from

the pockets; and then,‘ with a last survey of his sur- ’_
roundings, he prepared to return to the private otﬁce

where he had parted with Clark. 4
“There is just one person who would not be deceived
by this costume,” hemused, as he was about to leave
the room, “and that is Madge. She probably knows the
four characters; she probably was the -original sug-

gestor of them herse1f—and she knows that the one a

man who should be behind the mask of any of them

is at this moment in the Tombs. She knows something L’
about Nick Carter, too, and it would not take her long l

to jump to the conclusion that it is I who am behind
this make-up.
“But for the others-—-I need have no fear of them.

They one and all fear old Papa Slick, and it will be -

strange if I cannot make them talk.

“The point is, now, shall I take Clark into my conﬁ»
dence, and let him know what I have done, or shall I.
make him think that I_ am indeed old Papa Slick, and
have somehow got the best of Nick Carter? I will let
circumstances decide that question for me.” ‘

I

CHAPTER VII.
153: serum or "ran sucx." ‘

When Nick made his way back again into the private
oﬁice of the hotel where he had held. the conversation.

with Clark he dropped into the chair at the desk»-—the _

chair in which Clark had been seated during the inter-'
view-«and quietly awaited the return of that individual.
b He was curious to observe what effect the sudden and

unexplained appearance of “Papa Slick” upon the 

would have on Clark; he was curious to know what

good, probably, for Nickxhad determined to create
. impression. I —
Nick, -of course, realized that the confessions of Clark

.:

were thrresult of nothing but ‘fear: that 
not in,.hisA'soul one whit of regret at whathe had 

‘oi -hi§.eentimxing.ithe life-he had lest _  L
" ueredhim. 

attitude Clark would assume when he became convinced’
that the troublesome detective was out of the way-£ogr*

   
  
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
  

 

Eprivate oﬂice an hour passed before Clark’s return; but
he came at last, opening the door with his key and step-
pmgwinside andclosing it after him before he perceived
that the chair at his desk was occupied.

And then he came to a halt with the suddenness of
one who has received a blow. ‘

j His face, which had been smiling before, seemed to
. freeze into the expression it wore, so that his expression
‘had the appearance of a grinning corpse rather than that
a living man.

‘His eyes stared as if they were sightless, and he stood
$t0.ck~still in his tracks, as if he were stricken with

It was plain that he felt only terror for this man whom
.'  believed was confronting him; and his attitude sug-
5' gested to Nick that he was not sure that it was the real
man he saw——that it was not an apparition, a ghost.
Nick had never heard the voice which Mordaunt used
_ his disguise as Papa Slick; but he had heard Mor-

unt’s natural voice, and he had ﬁgured out about how
. in imitate the one which this character should assume.

 so now he sat upon the edge of the desk-chair,
 forward under bushy brows, with a grimace in-
 for asmiie upon his face, with an unpleasant

N  in his eyes, with the cane*between his knees so that
the head of ‘it almost touched his chin, and with his
‘hands rubbing thernselvbs together like Uriah Heep’s;
 after a full minute of this tableau, he murmured: .

:1 {ISO so .50 !n .

L.
*3.

    

  

  

  

   softly, -pin-ringly, insinuatingly, suggestive~

._‘ple'asantly; an'd‘y_Clai-k shivered as if a draft of air

, struck him the shoulders. ‘ ‘

“vl’apa—-Mister Slicklf’ hegasped, atlast, ’

J%"N¢,> no, no,rny young-.friend;” Nick grinned at him.

* — Slick is better. I like it. -I do,‘really.'~ I like you
’ "son, I like you-. v‘You are superb; yes; yes;

    

  

  

   by nodding ‘head, as if he
 with what hehad said; undthen
,. Clark; and stopped. .

— —. ~.NicIc. “Yes? yes? yes? You thought?

  

   
  
  

  ‘ C 9

-  ,jYou,rltmight thatil lud-what?”
Ku » 4. '—

m

   

  You thought that I had gone
 quite. correctly, my young

  
  
  

  

NEW NICK} CARTER - WEEl{LY.

Swim.‘ [Noni-¢I have returned. Yes. ‘

     .-

4

“So? So? Well. You did not expect me?” ;

“How—how did you come?” asked Clark, glancing 
nervously around him, as if he expected that another
might be present in the room; and the detective knew
that’ Clark was thinking of him at that moment; was
wondering if by'any chance Papa Slick could know that
the detective had been in the building.

“Are you looking for anybody in particular?” asked
Nick. “Yes? No ?”

“I-I don’t know, sir. \Vas—was anybody here when
you came ?” ,

“Yes, my young friend, somebody was here when I‘ 
came; in there.” I ;.

He pointed through the desk as he spoke, and Clark
nearly collapsed on the floor in terror, for the gesture
had replied to his unasked question regarding Nick

«Nb.» I If

Carter. , 
“In there?” he gasped. 1;
“Yes. Yes. Yes. Even so. In there. It was. ‘A

   

There was a man there. He is, in fact, there still. Quite
still, in fact. He, he, he! Quite still. Very still.” Then,
with an abrupt change in mannerand tone, he darted
his head forwardtoward the now thoroughly terriﬁed
man, and almost shouted at him:

“Who let him in there? Did you?” .

Clark could only nod his head in an aﬁirmative. He
could not have spoken in words justthen if" his life had
depended upon the utterance.

‘‘So! So! How did you know the secret of getting
into those rooms, my young friend?”

The question was soft, purring; but Nick managed to ‘
incorporate a menace in it that chilled the blood of the
man to whom it was addressed. , .

“I—I searched for it,” he faltered. “I found it. I
thought that something had happened to all of you. You
know, of course, that Mordaunt has been arrested,
and is now_ in the Tombs. Mr. Cadwalador has disé,
appeared; Mr. Fink is gone. There was nobody here .:
to do anything. I thought it was my duty to ﬁnd a way‘
into those rooms and to do what I could—-——" __ ‘

“Aye; to do what you could to ﬁnd if there was any
money hidden there, No? Yes? Yes!” ‘

“No, sir, I swear--”

“Tut, tut! Don't swear. It will do no good.”

“But I do swear to you, sir, that I have never taken
two steps across the threshold of that room. I did not
dare.” ' '

“But youwent far enough to see and to read the; ..
that is on the door from that room into the one 
it? No? Yes?" * ' I

. ‘ °5-’-’ ‘ 

“And your courage failed you, It is well that; ‘

didinot  But, tell me now, how did ,

    
  
       
     
      
     
   
 
      
    
     
 
     
       
   
  

i

  
    
   

  

    
 

     
 

‘ I

   
   

on know him?” Clark almost shouted the ques~
 and Nick smiled.

    

       
  
  
  
    
    
   
    
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
   
   

it? He could not have known of it if you had
shown him where it was, could he?”

fl R°:n_no.!:

"?‘I thought not. So you did that of vour own free will,
No? Yes? Yes!”

ell; Very much to your surprise, doubtless, I shall
‘live you for it-—this time; for you unwittingly did
its very great service. Yes. Yes, indeed. I was
in these rooms beyond_where you have pene-
when Nick’ Carter was there. I-got there, in fact.
ly the same instant that he got there; and~—.
 contains no living man now."

“gave a mighty shudder; he gasped:
kiliedghimz" .

  so?’ sharply. I A

I that there was a dead man there?”

 ‘saidwaa that there was no living man
imfn’t.it?" I
on telling you new I killed him?”

"ﬁrm

 m .  ~ *' a .
  ‘V _niysterioue_‘per:t.;gof thehouse, my
  But it is .u  which you
' kergaway. for it isn't ‘a healthy place for
 "li°d’i° E0 tliercemindi ,. ‘ ‘es.
' 3* for those wlaovare asked. Hep “be! I
. yoke of that.» Now, tell me if you did not
“ =~I_,did.lhave-la long talk-

   
   

 

: see about that.

 'you*_tolItippo§e.tl:at.I have ‘killed '

.. shall have it, if I die for it. It was the only way to

; "Quite ‘right. lane»

mevto  the. info:-mieoa;~ em you have

“Quite so, quite so. But you ‘did tell him about the‘
Chauifeur Club, didn’t you?” 

Clark's teeth were chattering now, as if he had an
ague; but he answered:

“Y-yvyes.”

“And also about the employment agency?”

“I could not help it’, sir." V ,

“And you showed him those beautiful pictures you
took? No? Yes?”

“Yes.” 3

“That picture of me? No? Yes? It was taken on ‘ '
the street? No? "It is a masterpiece. I have been I
thinking that I ought to reward you for so much zeal. 
No? Don’t you think so?” I ’

“Oh, sir, spare me! I am weak, I know. If I were
not, I would not be your slave, as I am.”

“That is perhaps true. As for sparing you-—we will
It depends upon you yourself.”

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

“How, sir?” .;
» “Whether you tell me the truth about what you have ___(gf.
been engaged in doing since the detective was here-— T
alive.’ You know, my young friend, that it is more than 
likely that I discovered a way to force him to tell me '
what you had promised to do for him. It had some-
thing to do with the disappearance of a Mrs. Vander- . 
bylre from herghome; her being brought here in an auto- . 4 
mobile, and passing through the hotel in the company 
of Gipsy Madge, did it not? Ah, I see that I have
guessed correctly. Now, Anthony, my son, you will be 
so good as to tell me exactly what you have ‘done? 

about it. It will be better for you, too, if you tell me. 

the truthe-—this time. I might forgive you _for thtt-- ’ 
this once. Did you get the information he sent you to ‘
get? No? Yes?"

"Yes, sir.”

‘/And if he had been here, you would
that information? Answer me.”_ ' _n

“Yes, sir. You have demanded thetruth, and you I

 
  
 
   
 
   
    

have given him

save my own neck. And I don't want to go to prison ;
any more than you do. I supposed that you and all the .‘
others had deserted me, and left me here to bear 
brunt oi everything, ‘and. inasmuch as I supposed you  _
to be safe, there was no reason why, I should hold 
tongue. it, by holding it, I only sent myself to prison for  ~ V
twenty yearn", V . V. = p L ~ , I  ._ “
how. Ion Anthony. did 70%! 
suede the othersto tell.you—..what you wished to know?‘
“I told tl1un=:that+‘you2were» here: lthatvyou. had lent

     
 

  
 
 

vengeance  if“‘hey»r1ﬂuaed;ito give it:‘.‘
» Nice*caxtc:...aanck1eu.: ~—i .  1   e 

   

   
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

,6, .._

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.’ Ii

CHAPTER VIII.
« I THE DETECTIVE,S DOUBLE GAME.‘

The detective continued to chuckle to himself for some
‘c after that, for, while he believed that doing so was
keeping with the character he had assumed, he was
lso intensely pleased, for the information he had ob-
. -- rendered the things he had in view all the easier
 . accomplish.
 The way was already paved for him, in his character
Papa Slick. The people he wished to interview iii

 t character had already been apprised that Papa
“ was back again, and he knew by the genuine
-» displayed by this man before him that the slimy
- chap was thoroughly feared around that place.
“_You will, perhaps, 'tell me now just what you did
 out,” he said at last to Clark. “I wish to know
 what you would have told the detective had he been

a in my place to get the news.” ___
And now, for the first time, Clark exhibited some-
'i : of his cunning, for he replied:
 “You are_ asking me to tell you two things, Papa
‘ C “Two things?” said Nick. “How is that?”
on asked me, ﬁrst, to tell you what I found out
Mrs. Vanderbyke, and. about where Madge has
<-- her; and then, in almost the same breath, you
- me what I should have told the detective, if he
here in your place.”
“Well? Is it not the same?”

‘$591

“Just what did you intend to tell him?”

“I had already made up a story for him; and--—-—

en, after I ‘had found out just what he intended to

about it, I intended to lead him into a’ trap, to get
A of the fellows to help me, and to gethim out of

w’ay‘—-as nmeh out'of the way, maybe, as he is

  

lhelhel he! be! That isfunnyl As much’ out
way as he is now! Anthony, my son, you de-
 for your joke. As much out of the
jab: is now! T.hen you were going to lead the
' intoat’rap,viiereyou?" ’

  
  

  
   

... ‘wonldithavebeen a goodtrap.think you?”

i ,v wUuIdhavebeenhisﬁnish—don’tyou forget that!”
_  And you had it all cooked UP. too. An-
snty  ‘are a _lu-lu: and the detective would

‘  tohave fallen into your trap, too.

gs;mndi:ﬁ|.ﬂnt.‘_. .-It is really too bad‘ for

   

‘ ,,,~.-;,g,ﬁ,.g,fA,;»~»1 ¢'ou1d:‘alino‘st-.liIive left
‘if?!   . I’ eoulddeally.

  

.« ., ,“'.é‘-,:¢¢ __

.  that yoirhave lost the oppor-‘

   

But now, my son, we have joked long enough. Let us
get down to business.”

“Yes, sir.”

“I asked you to tell me what you found out. What
did you ﬁnd out about Madge’s doings? You will be
good enough to tell me the exact truth this time, for
I don’t at all like the methods she employed in this
matter, and it is best that she should ﬁnd it out.”

“When Mrs. Vanderbyke was brought into the
house,” said Clark, “she was taken to Madge’s
rooms, and there she was dressed up as a. maid. They
put a wig on her and otherwise changed her appearance
so that her own husband would not know her if he should
see her in the street.

“But what would prevent her calling out to him if
they should meet on the street?”

“They gave her a dose of Madge’s loco."

“Eh?”

“They gave her a dose of l\Iadge’s loco.
you know what that is?”

“Son Anthony, I am not at all sure that I do know
what that is. I think you had better tell me, in order
that there can he no mistake. Madge, in fact, has sev~
eral kinds of loco, and I am a bit curious to know which
kind it was that she used.” _

“Oh, it wasn’t her ‘sleepers.’ ' It was the ‘funnies.’ ”

‘‘Oh I" ‘

“You know, Papa Slick. Weren’t you here when she
gave me a dose of it once? I think you were not, by
the way. It was Mr. Mordaunt. It gives one a regular
St. Vitas’ dance—makes you twitch all over as if you
had ’em; stops your powers of speech so that you can
only stutter thickly, and raises the devil with anybody,
only all the time they have their senses about them. It
is the most horrible thing, the most awful experience,

Surely

- that I ever went through with. There is one good

thing about it, though; it doesn’t-last long.”
“No?”

“About half an hour, or an hour, at the most; and -

you feel ﬁne and dandy when you come out of it, too.”

“Really?”

“You are only joshing me now. You know as much
about it as I do.”

' low it.”

“Only that I have never been fool enough to swal-g

“No.” ,

“Well, go on. They disguised her and they gave her
the ‘funnies.’ , What then ?”

“Then they took her out through the Chauﬁeurs’ Club
to the automobile that was waiting there for her. Madge
and Jules got inside with her, and Craddock and Pi-

neaud got up in front, and they started for the‘

‘Chateau.’ ” _
“Where-———" Nick stopped. He had been about to

was]: where that was; but, fortunately, Clark misunder-

.‘\

   

. g .
_ R’. _-'.'-awe,  .-

   

  
 

i
1

   
      
    
     
 
   
 
    
  
   
     
   
     
       
   

 V. ml-x.~;—< rnr ;.?'Irr, ,~_ ., ..~ .
l,_..- —);i".._y“ -.

       
 

' stood the partly asked question and only repeated his
‘information.
“They took her to the Chateau,” he said.
“Good! Now, tell me who is the best chauﬁeur in
I the club at the present time-—who can command the use
of the best machine for this evening, Anthony?”
“Porter is there.”
“Porter, eh? What is he doing there at this time of
g the day?”
 ~ Nick had not the least idea who Porter was, but it
 seemed natural that he should ask the question, and he
_, did so. The reply staggered him, for it told more and
i more of the endless ramiﬁcations of these blackmailers.
, “Mr. Vanderbyke is, of course, searching over the city
 his wife,” said Clark. “He did not want Porter
to~day; or, at least, he left him out; and Porter was
mad about it, too.”
"Natura1ly.”
“He thought that something was up that he ought to
‘ know about, and so he managed to foIlow«his master;
 and where do you suppose the man went?”
" I “I haven't the least idea in the world, my son. Where
i did he go?”
"“Porter came directly here to report it. He went to
 Nick Carter's house !”
 V-“You don’t say so! Vanderbyke went to Nick Car-
‘ ter’s-house? Well! well! well I”
I “And that isn’t all. It was only a little while after
 that when he came out again, and who do you suppose
Porter‘ thought was with him P" '
 “Really, Anthony, you ask too many questions. Tell
your’-story.” - ,
  thought it was Jules; and, because he thought
'80, he let them get away from him; but when he got
.  Ind "found that it could not have been Jules, because

   
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
  

‘ led to the fact that the man was either Nick Carter,
dry‘ one of his assistants, made up represent_ Jules.
Hon runeniben-or no;’you had not heard. You have
 here since then.”

 and have not heard—what ?”

rqaresent Jules——did it right before his eyes, too-
‘he says himsdf that it would have fooled anybody
his own mother, and that it would have fooled her,
if she were alive.” , I.

 ‘very cute of Jules-'-to say that. But the
 are ' is evidently that Vanderbyke is
’ |smbdthetowninannuton1obile,withachauf-
ii  to represent Jules,,'eh?"»

   
 
    
 
    
  

  

NEW’ NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY.

‘ales had gone to the Chateau with Madge, he at once .

"Why. onoeibefore one of those detectives made up‘

 pndeitlx  seer,-~ana it 

 

track already. They propose to corral the two of them “I E
a_n_d take them to the ‘Chateau,’ to put them to the tor~ "?
ture: if need be, to make them tell all about it.” I '.

“Good! Good! Good! And that reminds me that I . .
asked you a question a moment ago.” ' 

“What was it, sir?" W

“I asked you for a chauffeur, and also what machine . i
he could get—~” '

“Oh, yes. .And I replied that Porter was there. As
for a machine-—-——— I have it!”

“You act as if you had them.”

“Nick Carter’s machine is at this minute in front of
the hotel door. It has been standing there ever since
he came here, almost three hours ago. He came alone,
too.”

“Do you mean that he did not have a chauffeur?”

“Yes.”

“Well?” 

“What is to hinder Porter from running it into the ""
garage, if you want to use it to-night? It can be kept
there until you want it, and then Porter can drive you.
He is the best chauffeur in the bunch.”

f‘So I have heard. But the point is, is the Carter ma-
chine a good one ?”

“The best ever, of its kind. It is a big Peerless, made
especially for him. It ‘is capable of great speed, if you
wish to ride fast, and Porter is the man to drive it. And _
there isn't any chance that he will call for it to-night-— z
the owner, I mean.”

“Papa, Slick” seemed to ponder over the questions for
a moment, and then he said:

“I think that will do very well. Tell Porter—you may
go at once and attend to it—that I shall wish to_ go to *
the Chateau to-night.’’ :*

“All right, sir.” -

“Wait. Tell him to come around in front of the 7
hotel and get the machine at once-—or, still better, go
and get him and bring him here now.”

Clark left the private oﬂice in a hurry, and Nick saw 
that in order to make his way to the other building he 1;}
ﬁrst went to one of the upper ﬂoors in the elevator. ,3
But after a little time he was back again, followed by 
Vanderbyke’s chauffeur, whom Nick had often ‘seen 
driving the young millionaire about the city. , ‘ '4

And there had never been a breath of suspicion .'
against orter, either; and all the time he was an em- ,
ployee o the Blackmailers’ Syndicate, ready to report 
everything that his master did to his employers—-ready 1
to betray him and to make him at any time one of their 
victims; . _, "

Nick could have struck the  face of the chant
feur when the man entered the room, but he contented ._
himselfrby ‘pointing silently toward a chair. and 
him to sit down. Such men easilyfandmimi

-of 135%?»

AbLuiu'::.i.‘§I 'a:~.:a:mfs«..~m .1... if

    
      

  

  

 

   

    
     
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  

pg to make them‘ sit down in his presence, if he
H ed to interview them.

“Porter,” he said, “I suppose that Clark has told you
t I want of you? No? Yes?”

‘.‘Yes, sir. Part of it.”

. “Well, you will take the Carter automobile away from
this vicinity at once. I don’tscare what you do with it
til seven o’clock, but at that hour I wish you to meet
~ inc at the north end of Union Square, almostin front
of the Everett House. There will be three*men with

' - and as fast as you can go without being pinched
the Chateau. Understand?”

’ " “I won’t fail you, sir."
“See to it that you do not.”

2 ' CHAPTEl{ IX.
THROUGH SECRET WAYS.

 The detective thought deeply for a moment.
" It was evident to him that if the happy thought had
occurred to him to make himself up in the char-
of “Papa Slick” the blackmailers might have
out in their efforts against him.
Already they were posted regarding the attempt of
Inderbyke to find out all about his former chauffeur,
fellow Jules. Already they had discovered that im-
 an--u upon them and were in hot pursuit of Patsy,
ho had made up in the character; and, with automo-
C "and chauﬁeurs without number at their command,
would be strange, indeed, if both Patsy and the young
' were not made to feel the power of these
f tors before darkness set in.
More than that, he would himself have fallen into
tile saw now very plainly that he could not have de~
.- upon Clark to’ aid him. He understood now
Clark would have betrayedehim at the first 09130"
, and that it would only have been a- question of
before he would have been as securely a prisoner
as was‘Lilian Vanderbyke. .
-. Page: had gone‘, and had taken the Peerless
-from the door, Nick said to Clark: .
‘an gag,‘ outside now, my son. My orders are
3 you are to rernain close inside the hotel until fur-

   
    
 
  
   
   
 
    
 

 Yon understand?”
*3,

  

 know that we are up against it
-"  There" is no telling which
  ,ga51,ig may-be;that.-yve will all

  
 

’ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

19

have to make ourselves mighty scarce around here for
a few days; but I will know before nightfall.”

“And you will tell me, sir? You will not leave me
to fall into the dragnet ?”
“I will not leave anybody; least of all you, my son."
Nick moved the chair back from the desk and worked
the lever, opening the secret door, as he had seen Clark
do; and then, with a wave of his hand, he passed

through and closed the aperture behind him.

His present purpose was to study the interior of that
strange nest of buildings, that group of old houses
fronting on the two streets and on the avenue, which
had been made a part of the modern building of the
hotel proper.

He knew‘ that there were connecting links Between
the old buildings and the new one at the second or third
floor of the hotel; and he realized, also, that there must
be another, and a secret one, through the private quar-
ters of Mordaunt, which he had already visited.

But he had not explored that secret passage, and now
he determined to do so.

He did not pause, this time in the room where he had

‘made the change of costume, but went at once to the

door opening upon the narrow passage.

- It will be remembered that at the time he discovered
this passage he had said to himself that here was the
method used by Mordaunt for visiting secretly the other
parts of his nest of conspiracy; that the passage must
at least have three outlets, one to the employment
agency, one to the Chauffeurs’ Club, and a third one to
the street, or through still another house to a way of
escape for the man, if at any time he should behotly
pursued.

He had gone only a few steps along the passage, how-
ever, when he came to a point where an iron door was
let into the wall, a door which suggested that beyond it
was some sort of a storeroom, or depository, which was
intended to be partly ﬁreproof, if not wholly so.

He paused in front of it, examining it attentively, for
he doubted the wisdom of taking the time just then for
its exploration; but he was attracted by the fact that
the iron door seemed to possess neither locknor latch;
there was not so much as a keyhole in sight.

side.

Instantly Nicli was interested. .

Since the door possessed no visible h'mdle"5y which
it could be pulled open, even if it were unlocked, it fol-
lowed, he thought, that it must be worked by some secret
means not unlike that employed upon the desk door‘
from the office into the private quarters.

Things of that sort always possessed an interest for

the detective. He was fond of enigmas; he liked pure l
ales; cipher-writing interested him, and hidden loeksg

The surface of it was smooth with the walls on either:

  
 

 . ‘ "  
* ,.‘;f:r':' ‘H3 " ‘-

   
 
   

, sages and rooms were always his hobby.

He looked around’ him on the walls on every side for
some sign of a spring that he could press upon which
would work the mechanism of the door; but there was
i‘ not a thing in view; not even a nail—head that he could
push. -

' He had turned on the switch of the electric light, and,
’ therefore, everything in the passage was plainly visible.
He looked from ﬂoor to ceiling on either side of the
, mysterious door; he studied the door itself; the ﬂooring
.j in front of it and on each side of it; and then he looked

above him, at the ceiling itself.

Here, a curious fact struck him.

Directly over hishead was a single—arm gas—bracket,
A pendent from the ceiling in the middlerof the passage in
fgfront of the iron door. '
“I don't believe that gas-pipes have ever been run
V’ through this place,” he mused. “The passage and every-
. thing connected with it is lighted by electricity from the
- hotel supply, so what is that gas-bracket doing there?”
'5 He struck a match and turned on the cock, applying
like flame to the burner; as he anticipated, there was
no gas there. _ _

. He tried to move the bracket first one way and then
‘another, but only succeeded in bending it, for it seemed
"'t'o'b‘e ﬁrmly in place; and then he smiled grimly to him-
self as he murmured:

* -“If I were to ask ‘the lady from Philadelphia’ about
ﬁns, and tell her that I had pressed it forward and back-
ward,‘to the rightand to the left, and had also pushed
’ it, ,she’d‘doubtless say to me: ‘Why don't you pull
on it?’ And so I will.”

 the action to the word; he pulled’ directly
 upon the bracket-and the’ result was as sudden as
was surprising. The bntcket came down easily to
ﬂoor of the passage, and the iron door set into the
all swung out at“the bottom from hinges that were
located attheftop, leaving the place open for him to pass
Ajlu-ough as he would. A '

g  strangely. enough, the room thus revealed was
aliilﬂilutly lighted inside. Theswitch by which‘ the lights
  on in the passage had also operated

  the secret room. . ‘
wing assured himself that the door would not drop

intolplace and thus make him, a prisoner inside ﬁe

found himself in anapartment which was perhaps

T’  A thick rug covered the noon; a small,

 was in the centereof the room; hue chair

‘ _‘ it;.tg_ro sides of theiroom were lined with

‘  upoagauoth¢;I'.‘~snd;,each with an-
  side eontairlgedasys-,

 
   
 
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
    
 
  
  
   
  

I

s

 
 

  

   

   

  

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

—, and springffor opening and closing doors to secret pas-'

, against her to hold her. ,

 

 5:;-L-«geqgig ‘_ I *-..'-~' {4l.'v‘J$?‘7-"~'iif-- ., :'_’()r’4" -as \, . g, . A.
. , r- , v _ .,

 

“The blackmailer's archives,” murmured the detective,
chuckling. “By Jove! The fellow is at least systematic
about his operations 1”

He crossed to the shelves and glanced at the books,
to discover that each one bore on the outside a letter of
the alphabet, and sometimes two, or even three; and he
ran his ﬁnger along them until he came to the one which
bore the letter V.

This he pulled down and placed on the shelf in front
of him, and he turned the pages until he came upon the
name he sought, which was Vanderbyke.

The entry referred him to a. page in the same book;
and there he found several pages that were filled with
ﬁne writing, and this he read through to the end with
considerable interest, as a revelation of the methods of
the blackmailers.

We need not reproduce it here. It began with a his-
tory of the Vanderbyke family; it told that Clarence,
Vanderbyke was the last of his race and that he had
inherited all of the vastwealth accumulated by his fa-
thers before him; then it told about the young man
himself: his age, when he married and whom he had
mhrried; it gave a short account of_Lilian herself, but
referred the reader to another book and page for more
particular reference to her and further knowledge about
her; and, lastly, it referred the searcher to one of the
steel boxes which lined two sides of the room.

Nick opened and examined the contents of that box,
and he was amazed at what he discovered.

Here were private letters, ﬁlched from the, house of
Vanderbyke; private letters written and received by
Clarence and by his wife; here were lengthened re-
ports made by Jules Renier, chauffeur to Lilian; by
Porter, chauffeur to Clarence; by.Lilian's maid; by one . '
of the footmen, and so on and on and on.

Nick saw and realized that so thorough was the sys-
tem of espionage adopted by the blackmailers that the 
most trivial occurrence which happened in any one of
the houses where the agents of. their syndicate lived
was immediately reported and entered in the archives
here, for future reference and utility, when the occasion
was ripe for it.

The detective took time, too, to look through the
indices of some of the ‘books, and he discovered that_
there was not a prominent family in the city of New
York, nor a prominent oﬁicial, whose every deed was
not reported there, written down, and held against them'
or him.

And a flood of light broke upon the detective, explain’-
ing why Madge had been sovquickly dischargedby’ the
magistrate before whom she had been arraigned, on the
trumped,-up. plea that there; was not sufficient evidence:

 
 
    
       
     
  

  
  
   
  
  
  

 
 
    
   
    
       
  

   
      
 

    
  

  

  

    
  
     
 
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
  

"“'He*turned to the index again, and sought for the
- of that particular magistrate.

t was there. There were three pages of written
tter against him; there were things mentioned which
could not aﬁord to have known to the public, and
- smiled grimly as he thought that it had only been
ﬁboessary for Madge to ﬁnd a man to intimate to the
50:13: that these things were known against him and
i d be used unless the was released.

e,He snapped the book shut, not without admiration for
system, but with inﬁnite disgust, nevertheless; and
- he passed out of the strong room again, into the
passage, dropped the door into place, and, leaving every-

  

'ded that the arm of the cross toward the right must
- to the employment agency on the avenue; that the

  

"the arm of the cross to the left must be the exit
-» he had guessed existed, but which had not been
 -« to him.

e; turned to the right, and afte/r a considerable walk
came to a door which opened readily enough to his
"-as and here the unmistakable odor of an employ-
agency assailed his nostrils.

’ i, i u; on his-. way, hefound himself, presently,
 room, furnished like a private oﬁice; and

  

  
  

  

“was a door through thispartltion, and he opened

 
  
      
   
      
  

 he saw the ettect which his sudden en~
  the people who were collected there.
.   on the instant; two of the clerks

  

b _ open: eyes stared; trembling‘ seemed
  personwho was in that room, and
   Va word wands-{as  silently

      
   
  
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 2;

 la, prtition  confronted him he could hear
~ , framing himself in the door-way;and he smiled -

  ‘D the noon in their sudden tenor? -yladge had somehow managed to smuggle to him 

    

 

“Now for the. chauﬁeurs’ club,” he murmured, as he

turned away. “Truly, the presence of Papa Slick ﬁlls
them all with terror. I wonder how it will aﬁect the
chauffeurs ?”

He returned to the passageway and hurried along it
to the intersection of the cross, and presently, by use
of the same methods he adopted before, he found him-
self inside another private room behind the Chauﬁeurs’
Club; and he was about to step forward and open the
second door in order to appear suddenly among them,
as he had done in'the agency rooms, when he heard a
voice which made him stop and draw back again with
all the haste he could command.

 

CHAPTER X.
FACE 'ro FACE IN’ rm: SECRET noon.

It was the voice of‘Gipsy Madge that Nick Carter
heard, and which arrested his steps so suddenly.

In some way she had already returned from that_
mysterious resort which they referred to as “The
Chateau," after consigning Lilian to the care of others,\
doubtless.

But that was not all; there was another voice, that
replied to her, and Nick Carter, when he heardit, started
even more violently than he had done before.

 
    
 
     
      
 
    
    
   
   
    
     
   
  

\

For that second voice was unmistakably the voice of
Mordaunt.

Mordaunt was supposed, at that moment, to be safely _
locked up in the Tombs-—-the Tombs, from which there \,
was supposed to be no possibility of escape; and yet
Mordaunt was here. If the sound of his voice were not
suﬂicient, the words he said were, for they were both
laughing about the cleverness and the simplicity of the
escape. i

V It ‘appeared from their talk that Mordaunt kept a
second set of disguises at another place than his secret s;
roomsat the hotel~——probably at the ‘Chateau.’ And that 

  

necessary clothing and make-up for his experiment. ,_
The particulars of the escape Nick could not learn;
and it may as well be ‘stated right here that they were‘[‘
never known at all outside a few, for the men he had "
succeeded in  did not care to expatiate 
It gas   that  had 

   
   

 
 

  
 

   

 
   

2‘

 here; that he was a present menace to the
detective,‘ and that he might yet succeed in toiling the
gietecﬁve and in making his escape thorough.
One importantpoint which the detective gleaned from
thmoonversation he overheard was that Mordaunt was
 that very moment also disguised as Papa Slick--—and
, , ‘there: were two Papa Slicks, there, in that building at
 moment. '
“Itwould be curious if we should happen to come
‘hire to face," thought the detective. “I fancy that it
 be rather difﬁcult to tell which was which, by
,' e}nployees;’' and then he gave his entire attention to
was going on in the next room.
was at once evident that the two were plotting to-
. r for a general desertion of their old haunts.
 was doing most of the tall<ing———or commanding
the was giving her companion orders.
It is all up with this hotel aﬁair,” she said, “and
lniow it. ﬁll our work in that line has-gone for
~ ;and we must abandon it. We have got to

  

  

 and this club at the same time. There
 waysabout that, and. you know it.”,~
I  not,” admitted Mordaunt, with regret
 ._"'l'hink of the moneyiwe have spent to make
plant   it is! Think of the beautiful
I  1 have completed, for living relpectahiy
 ( ,  the employment agency as Fink,
 am this t_1us‘:‘as ‘Cadwalador, while I
 third whole outﬁt titlfthis, character of Papa
Ant: '1 don't uowtéiicve that the police
.  room of mine, where I keep

  
 
  

.  reply.V1&“8l1inxEi‘ih8Y3hlY->
   Carter. Nothing feazes-that

l

  
 

V" i J  I " fed with
" '  every sehret
” “ is‘”sss_uré~as

A

- New ‘NICK CAREER I/VEEKLY.

 disappear, and we must abandon the em- .

'. 3J~"You fool! i Do you suppose that I intend to 

s ment we have her safely with us, we will get away-4'

 ’   wi!l"ew¢=1¢,3,  9* éécref?’

 
  

 
   
   
  
 
  
    
 
 
  
   
  
  
 

“No; of course not.”

“Then there is only one thing to do, and that is to, 5
move them—-—n0'w. I tell you, Geolf”——-she called him A
by his dead brother’s name—-—“that if you do not do as .
I say, I will shake you. I’ll not be tied to you, if you’re I
going to be obstinate. You can go your own way if you
want to, but I don’t go with you.
if you want to, and we’ll stick together. How long do ‘
you suppose you would last without me?”

“Not very long, Madge; that is the truth. I will do 7
as you say, Madge. Give your orders.” *
“Now you are talking sense. The first thing to do,
then, is to move those records.”
“I suppose so--—yes.’’ ; ,
“You have got to do that alone, for I can't help you. 
I have other things to do-—and it goes without saying
that «we don’t want to take anybody, even among our
own men or women, into our conﬁdence.” , 
f‘Great Scott! it will take me three hours to move all f
that stuff." ' ,
“All the same, you will have to do it if you wish to
save it." , I I
“Where shall I take it? I ell me what your plans W‘
are.” ‘ ‘
“Take the books and the cords to the ﬂitting-house
It is only two doors from here.'but there isn’t a chauf-IA.’
feur, not even Jules, who suspects that it is a secret way 7.
of escape which you provided for yourself and for mel’
“That is true enough.” , . _
“Get the things moved in there as soon as you can; I
You ought to ‘do it in a little more than an hour if you "
work hard. In an hour and a half from now, or, any»
how, in two hours, I "will be in front of‘ the ‘ﬂittingg
house’ with a big automobile. We can load the stuﬁ into
it and skip at once for the ‘Chiteau.’ ” ,
“But the whole outﬁt knows about the Chateau.
Madge.”

You can go my way

at’.

 
    
        
 

     
    
     
   
 
     

I

         
 
 
  

   
   
    
 

  
   

them} We win hardly get out at the machine when so 
go there.’ I want to;getLilian,‘that is all. And the rut» "

   

    

  

   

and we'll make‘: get-sway  will surprise the no
tires? 4 to t 2 e ’=

    
    

  

*3“ ms    

  

    
      
    
    
  
     
  
   
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
 

Ityvill take a little time, but it is the only way.
‘ coppers will have every one of these fellows who
. for us now spotted, and it wouldn’t be long before
would be in the toils again. It has got to be a com-
i get-away.”
All right.”
Now, don't show yourself any more than you have
;Of course, some of the boys in the other room have
' you already, and, therefore, they know that Papa
- is around. It won’t hurt them to know that.” -
Nidr Carter permitted himself to smile at that.
‘.‘I wouldn't enter the hotel at all if I were you,” con-
'- Madge. “There is no reason why you should
so, and it is ten to one that somebody ent by Nick
w is already there on the watch. He doesn't let the
' ~ grow under his feet. He proved that ‘by sending
fellow Patsy to take the place of Jules; but it didn't
' ’He’ll' never see Patsy again, anyhow.”
’§!;ve you got him, Madge 2" asked Mordaunt.
him? Yes! And Vanderbyke with him. They
_’both safely at the Chateau now.”
11’ ondcrltykcl What the dev ”
Midge interrupted him with a loud laugh.
”rl1'tell you what I am going to do with him,” she
- anticipating his question. “I am going to show
. _ ﬁle dead body of his wife, and after that——”
dead body of his wife! Have you killed her?"
"What a fool you can besometimes, Geoff. No, I have
itikd her. -1 don't intend to ‘do away with her in
 either. ,ru terse"-ado her own killing when
&£.;':'.  x . -
     had   ‘your senses

 1m,.:ha:‘ie all. Doseber, and then -lay
‘as if she were a corpse; painther a little. if
xi _tanyhdw,;niake her look‘ as it she were dead.
4%  gunner. And after -that I will give
“ M:§nuu'ehe.wanu;bucu:ame:e1yhewm
 ifhe wants togetout of

   
   

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 time youhave"been~in:th'e Tombs. I'm '

I want is a chance to get hold of the family jewels, and
that won’t take long. You leave my plans alone and
do what I tell you, if you want me to stick to you,
Geoff.”

“But I don’t like that marrying idea, and I won’t-——”

“Yes, you will. Don’t be a silly. Now, do you realize
that time is passing? It will be dark in a few hours, and
we ought to get to the Chateau by that time.”

“All right. I’m to move_ the "stuff into the ‘ﬂitting-
house’ and you are to be there in two hours or a little
less to take it away. Is that the idea?"

“That’s the ticket. I’ll go now." 0

The listening detective lost no time then in stepping
back into the passageway through which he had come,
for he had laid his plans even while the two were talk-
ing together, and he knew now exactly what he was
to do.

Having closed the door after him, he sped along the
passage toward the private rooms of Mordaunt, which
he had first entered from the hotel.

He felt assured that Mordaunt would visit those rooms
ﬁrst to possess himself of many things that were there;
and that after that he would go to the room of the
records, in order to get the books and the contents of
the steelboxes, which he intended to carry to the place
he called the “flitting-house," where Madge was to come
for them in an automobile.

Once, while he hurried along the passage. Nick partly l

halted, for he had a momentary feeling of indecision as
to whether it would not be better for him to wait until
something had shown him that other secret passage; but
he had no doubt that it was as plainly to. be followed as
those he had already explored, and so he went on to the
rooms that have already been described.

Nor had he long to wait when he got there, for he ' *

had barely arranged everything to his satisfaction, so.

that at ﬁrst glance Mordaunt would not realize that his" . 1'

sanctuary had been entered during his absence, when he

heard the sound of his approaching footsteps along the \

cemented corridor.

When Mordaunt entered the room, Nick was coné ; 
cealed inside one of the closets in the bedroom, and as  9‘
the detective had, anticipated, Mordaunt merely devoted  ‘
a»glance,tothatr00Inbeforehepassedontothenext~
micztlleonethatwusosnnrptuaudy 

 

 
     
      
     
   

    
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
  
 
     
    
  
 

5  stepped inside the other room, Nick stepped from
’  ‘place of concealment and stole softly after him.

ye two men were dressed exactly alike; they looked
eiraetly alike in every particular. Nick smiled when he
  it; and then he stepped quickly and silently
gmwafd through the door behind Mordaunt, nor paused
‘ _ he was within four or ﬁve feet of him; and then
 tood there like a statue, waiting for Mordaunt to
h. about and discover that he was not aIone—that
 another Papa Slick in the world, andthat the
other one was there with him, ready to dispute posses-
, of the place. » I

And then Mordauut turned around and saw Nick.

:3--uu—

» CHAPTER XI.
,
ONE HAN’ WITHOUT A PRICE.

I ‘v knew that Mordaunt was no coward, but
was totally unprepared  the manner in which the
’ iler met and withstood the shock which the pres-

 tt  he stared; then he smiled-~.and Nick
’  and then he broke into a genuine laugh, as if
  amused “by the encounter. ‘
 too. f If youihaveever seen the Han»
their,‘ “Voyage en Suise.” andhave witnessed the
I Vdid, before a xnirror,iyou will" under-
.‘-hew exactly alike  two rnenjappeared in the
‘.._ Nick could  understand. the attitude
?lgUda.unt.Iss\iIhed; but all  waited for
._ which he prcﬂﬂﬂyidid. ~
  in exactlyithe tonehe
 in“ of the hotel. “Yqu
. I —  y?,u”emg”whoa¢y°u?..
‘I so .ufs;»sar§:g.,ason. but Morm
 if-., . H,°'i13“8h_°d “thin;

  
   
 

  

I

  
 

   

A a  Papa Slick in that more must have vise ~

 

 - ‘I?-W“ we--Jitwavtwr

 

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. » ~. 

“I wasn’t aware that Clark knew about the entrance I
through the desk,” he said then.
“I wasn't either—~at first,” said Nick.
“How long have you been here?”
“Since I first came,” replied Nick, who was beginning
to tire of the comedy. “I have with me here a very ﬁne
pair of steel bracelets, Mordaunt. If you will stick out A v
your hands, I will help you on with them.” ‘ 
“Will you? Thanks. Wait a moment. I am not ready 
yet.” V A‘
“I am ready. There is a lot to do before Madge re— _
turns, Mordaunt.” ‘ '74
“Oh. You heard that, ’did you?” 
“Yes.” - 
“Well, you couldn’t get the books and things unless I 
showed you how, you know. I don't believe that you 
could, even ﬁnd out where they are kept. And I was, 
thinking-—-—” * I it
"fbh, yes, I could ﬁnd them. I have already found »__
thein, in fact, and had a look at them.” — -I ;
“Really ?”
“Yes; really.” L
“You got inside of the strong room, where my records I
are kept ?” i
“I did.” a I ' I '
“Isn’t it ‘a peach of a place? I didn't think that any- 
body would ever succeed in getting in there. How did fr '
you do it?” ‘
“I pulled down the gas-bracket overhead.”
“Now, who the devil told youhow to do that?”
“Nobody told me. I found it out. It is very simple." -
“Is it? A Well, maybe it is, only I didn't think so--until. -
now. As I said a moment ago, I was thinking.” ‘ _
“.Well. If you have anything to say be quick. abou
it, for Iwish to put these bracelets on you.”
“I was wondering if you couldn't be induced
them 01?, Carter.”
. “I don't think so.” _ _
I WI niight suggest to you thatrthere is one place of hi;
ding in these roomsthat you have not found?’ ‘ I
"Wi1atisit?" : t ’ I"

   
   
  
  
    
     
     
      
    

    
 

  

 
 
  

   
 

   

may:

       
       
 
   
 

    

  

 ‘  who believed that everybody had a price at
’ w "he would sell out.

“is that a bribe, Mordaunt ?” he asked.

f‘Well, I suppose some people would call it that; yes.”

.'7fCome! Put out your hands! You have got to go

"to the Tombs.”

- you mean that you refuse to take the money and 

g e go?” asked Mordaunt, in undisguised amazement.
.‘.‘Ye.s»’’ " _
”‘Isn’t it enough ?”
“No.” V
“It as all that I can raise on the spot. I might, if you
M give me time———--” .,
"Drop all that. Put out your hands.”
 on a minute, Carter. - Isn't there some manner
ichiwe can ﬁx this?” ‘
  so accustomed to ‘ﬁxing things’ that you sup—
everybody can be ‘ﬁxed,’ " said the detective.
, yet to _meet the man who could not be ‘ﬁxe' .’ ”
gm’ haveefound one." I’m not going to wait
tall; with you any longer. But—-—” i

- ith aisuddenness that was surprising. M°fdalmt did

 hands; and he sprang forward upon the de-
at the same instant.
'_  was to take the detective rather unawares,

E‘

 in’ the beginning of the scene he had ex-
"  such effort on Mordaunt’s part, the talk had
suppose that the blackmailer would prove an

w¥ht¢soﬁ%wﬁn' r
  theatre. and Mor-

~.,,_;_ - e  -* _
i . 191:9“ iusetasavehim ’* 
 t.  etha-

I

V Wtdat *hatMwd%ist.W#?’f.¢"?“€
:=eIsi.s**%hen4=v*3é  ‘°-°“

,..

  

1<1ickino,chanee,l   

_v,L.v- . .  "T

’NEW Nicré‘ ~CARTiEl~'t WEEKLY.

The table and several chairs were overturned, and
even as they struggled together, Nick wondered if the
noise of the struggle could be heard in the hotel ofﬁce,
and what the consequences would be if Clark should
enter there, to ﬁnd out what was going on, and should
discover that there were two Papa Slicks.

He would not know which one to assist, and could only
stand and look on until one or theother should conquer
——and then accept that one as his chief.

Mordaunt fought like a demon.

He tried to bite and scratch; he made use of every
effort he could summon to get away from Nick Carter
and to overcome him; and Nick was, in turn, surprised
at the strength of the man.

But at last, by the use of sheer muscular force, Nick
succeeded in obtaining the hold he wanted, and then it_
was only a question of seconds before he lifted Mor-
daunt from his feet and dashed him down upon the ﬂoor
with a shock that half-stunned him; and in another inv
stant the detective hadsnapped the handcuffs on his
wrists behind his back. i

I Inithe struggle, much of the disguise of each of them i i

had been disarranged; and now Nick attended to read-
justing his own, as Papa Slick, with great care, standing L
before the glass as he did so, and keeping a careful eye*
over his shoulder upon his captive in the meantime. I

But Mordaunt seemed to be entirely subdued now.

He remained very quiet, save that he was breathing
hard from his recent exertions, and he watched the 
tcctive with interest. h
At last. he could restrain his curiosity no longer, and l’
he mm mm    »

“I‘d.like to know how in blazes you ever rnadexup,

 way so perfectly. Madge has told me  

lcouldM‘doIit, but ,1‘ didn't helieveher.”

~ "Madge is exceedingly‘  was Nick’: reply." .
'5“_You i..,,,..:.. is;’eee?egiee about some things. What ’
 vgame rnouriﬂ  are you ﬁxing that. 

; again?’-

I if .  _
“Fmigoing tokeep your engagementwitli 

 “Ch! .1 hsdfo:-gotten that. Say!’

. .'!’WA'ell-?” :  UL

 “Isn't  nay thatwwe  ‘ﬁx’ this 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  

‘I get you. I get Madge. I save Mrs. Vanderb_vke—
‘ and I get satisfaction.”

“What is all that to the cold cash? I don’t mind tell-
ing you that I can raise more than I said. "Just listen to
‘ me, and let me tell you something.”

“Well ?”

“I wasn't going to monkey with those plans of Madge.
, I hadn't the least intention of waiting here for her, and
of going to the Chateau with her. That was all a bluff
on my part.”
"Was it? What were you going to do?”
“I'll tell you. I was going to take a few things that
 I wanted out of this room. In half an hour I would have
 lighted out of here through the ‘flitting-house’—I sup-
pose you know where that is, too——and made tracks for
~ ‘ a stmmship that I know about. It is one that sails for
:  Argentina to-morrow morning, at daylight. I would
have been a passenger on board of that ship, and I would
 never have set my foot in this country again. That was
 what I intended to do. America would have
been rid of me forever, and would have been saved the
  prosecuting me and keeping me in prison.”
‘.“Ainen'ea doesn't mind the expense at all, Mordaunt.”
4,  I’m not through. I was going to take that
dough with me. There is more than a hundred thousand
?nf it. Nobody knows. that 1 have got it. Even Madge
>dOesn’t know. I tooled her about it, all right. Now, I

eﬂﬂgobgtotakeﬂlat. Iwasgoingto South America
 begin over under another name, doing the respecta-
act; live like a gentleman. Now, if you will let me
. I will-s——f’ . g .
5 It is no use, Mordaunt.” Nick turned away from
itllltlllderouedtheroonnuntilhe stood in front
 “Yochave got togo back tothe Tombs.
 going to bind you and gag y0u.‘ancl ottietwiée ﬁx
.,so*thstyoucannotmovesomuchasaﬁngerormake
.ai1dthen,afterIhave taken some ofthebooks
  out of your record-room, I shall place you in
I iotlsoieieepiog until I canlﬂnd time to come bah:
to rim”. 3 .
,‘”Nick ceased speaking, he stepped forward quickly!
 an  he had thrown,Mordaunt tovthe ﬂoor
Yfandwas busily engaged invlbinding him.
I" I’  wire  in ple,nty,-in  for the

  

    
  

   
   
 

 
 

    
  

 
 

, she would have seen Clark, and she would have heard 

1., 

 

NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY.

whatever for him to get loose again, without assistance.
And when herealized this, he said:

“All right, Carter. Now, I have got one more thing
to say. It is this: If ever I get free again, and I will
some day, I will use the rest of ‘my life in hunting you.

And I will get you, too, don’t forget that. I’ll put every

. other desire of my heart aside for that one purpose. I

swear it!”

“All right,” said Nick, laughing. “In the meantime-—
I’ll proceed with what I have to 'do.”

An hour later Nick Carter-was awaiting Madge in
the “ﬂitting-house.” r

 

CHAPTER XII.
THE LAST -rmcx in rm-: GAME.

Nick Carter was well aware that Gipsy Madge was"
the sharpest and the shrewdest of her class. He knew,
also, that his own disguise was perfect-—so far as ap-
pearances went; he was not so certain about the intona- 
tion of his voice, although he had studied that part care— '_ 
fully before he parted with Mordaunt. inducing him to I ”
talk, and mimicking him.

And be doubted if Madge would guess the truth, un-
less she should somehow have learned that there had
been two Papa Slicks around the neighborhood that day.

There was just one chance that she might have ob-
tained that information; it was possible that after leav-
ing Mordaunt at the Chauﬁeurs’ Club she 'might have
had the eﬁrontery to go around to the hotel. If she had
dared to do that-—and it was not likely that she had—-

    
    
      
  
   
 

 
  
   

from him all about the visit of Nick  and the inci- 7 ~
dents that followed it. i i I :3

For while Clark supposed that he had talked with the 
real Papa Slick, and also that Nick Carter was lying 
dead in those secret rooms, Madge would know other- 
wise. b

However, it was
take.  ' _ ,

‘The appointment he had made with the chauffeur, Por- I
ter, he had decidedto forego. It had been his ‘intention ‘L
to get Chick and Ten-Ichi, and probably one otherrnan .
from the central oﬂiee, ‘and to meet Porter near the _
Everett House, and be’-taken by him to that retreat ‘in 7 '
often mentioned among the conspirators a's’:»the~‘Cliitean’-'t*
' Ezxitk had no iiieaiwlsere the Chateau svasilocated. A

    
   
     
 
  
  

a chance that the detective had to

  

 
   
     
  

  

 

  
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
     
   
   
      
 
      
 
  
        
         
  
     

* soon after ﬁve that afternoon; she had said that
‘she would be there in an hour and a half or two hours,
- that would bring it to about that time.

‘ And Nick had found little difiiculty in tracing out the
‘passageway to the “ﬂitting-house” they had mentioned.
t was merely one of the houses in the street, two ‘doors
way from the Chauﬁeurs’ Club; and_Nick found that
obody lived there. It was doubtless down on the books
the police as_a “Closed house. Family away.”

,_ The detective carried enough of the books and papers
_  this house from the record—room to make Madge think
- t he had brought all that was necessary.

' The part of the deception which the detective dreaded
most was that portion which would occur during the
‘ride to the Chateau, wherever that might be.

,,During that time he would have to sit alone in the
«Iutomobile, inside the limousine body with Madge, and
’he"hardly doubted that she would discover the imposi-
long before they could reach their journey’s end.

, However, to await her and.to go with her now was
I only course there was to pursue, it he hoped to sue-
- that night in saving the three persons who had
_ --v into Madge’s power: Lilian,‘Clarence, and Patsy.
It was six.o’clock when she appeared—when the auto-
... . drew up before the door, and he saw her get
~ u and approach the house, from the window where
was watching. \

~‘~‘:I-It went hastily to the front door and opened it for
1*’, and he saw her start back with an exclamation of
'\ rise at sight of lim. ' _
“I  you were going to change your disguise,”
 said coldly. “You are a fool not to have done sh.”
  that there was a part of the conversation
, —«~ her and Mordaunt that he.ha'd not overheard;

 replied readily enough: —

 wan’: /time.”‘-Then, because he saw nobody
*the~driver’s seat of the_ automobile, he asked: “Who
we you ‘got with you?"_ ‘

 You will have to run the machine your~
‘ R

  

   
 
   
  

"H‘ere.is a howdydo,” he thought. ‘TI don't in the
knot; when to run it to."  he said cpolly:
. ‘gig W [have hm-t_Vmy arm so that I could

 to.§iye_my life. ‘You will have to run

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  

while they were carrying the books out of the house;
and he managed also to say as little to Madge as possi-
ble during that time; so that at last, when they did start,
she had had little or no opportunity to penetrate his dis- _‘
guise, even had she suspected that he was not what he 
pretended to be. I

But it was evident that she ‘did not suspect.

It was quite dark when they left the house, for the
month was November.

Madge guided the car dexterously and ran it swiftly
to Broadway, to Seventh Avenue, to Fifty-ninth Street,
to Eighth Avenue, into the park and through it, out of
the park and along 110th Street to Second Avenue. They
crossed the ‘Harlem River at the Willis Avenue bridge,
and then made toward City Island, but turned oﬁ before
they were half-way there, and presently, having trav-
ersed a narrow, weed-grown road for two miles or more,
they turned aside into a lane, and presently came to a
standstill in front of one of the old-time mansions of
that neighborhood, long since deserted, and forgotten,
too, save by tramps.

A And this was evidently the “Chateau.”

Madge sprang to the ground and came to the door ~
of the car; and to her evident surprise she found that
her companion inside was lying back against the cush-
ions as if he were ill, or had fainted, or was dead.

 

She opened the door hastily, and Nick opened his eyes 
and moaned. Then he said, evidently speaking with A
great diﬁiculty: . 

“I think I must have hurt that arm a gﬁbd deal worse
than I thought. Leave everything here for the present,
as it is, and help me inside the house-—if I can get there
without keeling over.” _ A 

Madge was all attention at once. “It was evident that ..
she was fond of Mordaunt, in spite of every evidence to
the oontrary. , _

‘ “Come,” she said simply; and Nick leaned heavily upon‘ 
her as they made their way along the weed-strewn path
toward ‘the front door, which opened as they advanced; I
opened to reveal Jules Renier waiting to receive them.

“Get some whisky: Jules,” Madge called to hirn, and 1
he left his post to obey the order, only hesitating long \'
enough to hear her‘ add that “Geoff has hurt himself.”

Things could not have worked more admirably for A
Nick's purposes. The house was before him; the door

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
   
   
 
    
    
     
     
  
 
    

_  . r it
‘*',‘« u .~ .‘ ~,»‘ “

as}

He was leaning upon Madge’s shoulder heavily, and
 instant they crossed the threshold, and when Nick
was sure that Jules was far enough away so that he
would not hear, he caught her in his arms, placed one
hand over her mouth so that she could not cry out, and,
lifting her from her feet, he ran back with her to the
-automobile where he had left everything in readiness for
‘what he had to do. '

“I am Nick Carter, Madge,” he said to her.
may as well give up.” .
. ‘And she did give up. She did not offer resistance
when he put handculfs on her wrists, and, with a second
pair, fastened her to the body of the machine inside the

limousine; and so he left her, returning to the door of
 house just as Jules reappeared with a bottle and a
glass in his hands.

_ The detective reached out to take the bottle from
}him, but he tool: the two wrists of the chauffeur instead,
‘and. he twisted them until Jules dropped upon the ﬂoor

“You

{with plenty of wire cords from Mordaunt’s rooms, he
 had his man bound and helpless.

“Now," said Nick, “how many more of you are here?”
it-"Nobody," replied Jules.
No? Where is Craddock? Where is Pineaud?
Where the other one?”

,"'l’heyareelltiedup, in thencellar. Madgewas go-

mtbtlne otheg. that she left behind here.”

A light broke upon the deteétive. He knew now why
ulee  given him such an easy victory. The chaufv
ieur believed him to be Papa Slick.

-All right.” he said, keeping  the character. “There
 hgre. Where are they?" ,

w
)

   
 

 goon made of semi ’ oak.

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

[in pain, crying out that his arms were broken; but Nick ~
“knew that they were not, and, having provided himself"

to take me with her, Papa Slick, and set the copper: _

-Mordaunt got away this time.. Nick saw them both

 itsm the only one that which was protected.

seated near it, reading, although her book slipped to the
ﬂoor and she leaped to her feet at Nick's entrance.

She was frightened, too, for she did not know the old
man who stood before her; but Nick, with one wave of
his arm, tore aside the wig he was wearing and stood
revealed. '

“I hope they have not misused you, Lilian,” he said,
advancing toward her and extending his hand.

“Nick Carter l” she cried out; and she threw herself
upon his breast in a passion of tears.

“There, there!” he said.
not cried untilnow, so don't cry at all, Lilian.

“I’ll wager that you have t L‘

Besides,

Clarence is somewhere dqwn~stairs, a prisoner like your-
self. Come with me and assist in the rescue.”

He laughed, in order to cheer her, and she followed
him from the room.

Down in the cellar there were five prisoners; the three -
chauffeurs, and Vanderbyke and Patsy; and Patsy looked’
about as crestfallen as possible when he faced his master. '

“T hey got me as easy as if I'd been a cigar-sign,” he
said, with self-contempt. “And I am thinking that I'll
let myself out for one, after this."

“All is well that ends well, Patsy," replied the de- _
tective, laughing. “Your friend Jules is up-stairs, tied 
hand and foot. I think. you had better bring him down 
here and place him with the others. Then I will leave
you here to watch them until I can send some police;
men after them. I will take Madge along with me.” .2

* * * * Ill * *
U

.It is suﬂicient to state now that neither Madge nor

safely behind the 'bars; and they remained there until
they were tried and convicted, and sent away.
The nest of blaclt-‘mailers was thoroughly broken up, 

' and every one of the vampires who had been associated 

with it found his or her way to prison.
. As for the records that Mordaunt had kept so care— i
fully, Nick attended to them' personally, and stood . 
near-by until the last of them was burned to a cinder. 

But Madge and Mordaunt each swore an oath of I
vengeance, not only against Nick Carter, but agﬁnst his ‘
three assistants and the Vanderbykes as well. It re-5
mains to be seen it those oaths will ever be fulﬁlled. A

frat: sun. '

V’   

7

 
 
 

  

 ‘ffacisssanl. .. 
Day;o£  ‘ ‘

 

 

   

y he Nick Carter Weekly

  

~‘ UED EVERY SATURDAY.

HANDSOMEST OOLORED COVERS

      
    
 
  
 

fﬂl 0
9

with all kinds of crirninals.

— ‘oar. ,

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

That’s why,’ boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
cover. There is no brutality in Nick's make-up——he does not need it
uses his wits. Do not fail toget the latest number from your

~PRlGE rive cams PER copv

L we hyidl newsdnlm, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 

  
     
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
   
  
  
   
  

 HERE ‘ARE THE

The Man of Many Faces ;.or, Nick Carter Behind
A Letter From the Dead; or, Nick Carter's Proud-
’ est Moment.

Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick
pp Carter’s Amazing Experiment.

The Gentleman Crool-:’s Last Act; or, Nick Carter
‘ and the Haunted House.

“Skidoo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘:
bery Case. ,

R Last of the Outlaws; or. How Nick Carter

Stopped the _‘.‘Cannon-ball."

, Carter’s,Twin.Mystery ; or. The Secret of the
Green Automobile. —

C)
.5.
-A
3

5.
to
8-

jﬁameof Five Millions; 9:, Nick Carter's Fight
.Wit;haFiend..;  . ' ' 
~ h the Poisoner; or.  Carter’: Strangest

Jjuveadth Escape. . ,.  V . V
Mgchahiul Giant; or, Ten-Vlchi Play: .a.Lone

I ._ 0:, «Nick Carters Blindfold
/y.Wb:;§;nn;Vior, Nick «Carter Faces 5
  '9.’-, jma. cw. Des-b

  
 

  

name of Wite‘;.o1‘.Nick carter’: Fight for Lite.‘

9‘: the Poisoner; 0:‘. Carter": I-Iair- .

_ 533--Faci

, 7 _ . f.Greatest _ A

LATEST TITLES:

521-——The 1\I_vsterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter‘s Com-
plex Case.
522-The White Arm of a VVoman; or, Nick Carter's
Desperate Chase.
523-—The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of a Castle.
524——The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter’s Telling
Strategy. .
525-The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter’s Perfect Disguise. ii
526—A lgcjnuble Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand :
— ‘ ay.
527—Ciarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter's Motor»-
boat Chase. 1 
528-Clarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter’: g V
Titled‘ Assistant. _ ‘
529—'IThe Index of Seven Stars: or. Nick Carter Finds ” "
‘V ‘ the I§Iidden‘City. . ‘ '
530-—An Amdgazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a ’ L
» tor. 
531——A l3Iackmailer’s Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis-. 
s covers the Hidden Hand. 
532--Gips Madge, e Blaekmailer; 01', Nick Carter's : r
' Fpirst-class £15. , . - ,4 A
an Unseen Terror; or, Nicli Carter’s Day a
of hinders. _. A I s r V »
534--Ida‘ h, the Woman of Mystery; on Nick Carter-'s~
L l?c>urfold Problem. ' "
535--The Making of a King; or, Nick  Faces 
Mystery. - . L V

  
 

    
    
      
  

 
  

   

  

we all STOR  

 
 

 

   
   
 
   

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

 

Boys, if

‘Q
'4

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS ~

Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West. a
T you want tales of the West that are 
. drawn true to life, do not pass these by. ~ 

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale byell newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 
 
   
  
  
  

HERE ARE v THE

378r—BuEalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or. The Grisly Ghost
‘ of Mahoe

7 up in Hidden Valley. T
280-—Buffalo Bill’s Ghost Raid; or, Hot T imcs at Bubble
. Pricking. _
28!--Buﬁalo‘ Bill’s Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance
,; 4 of Alkali Pete.
382--Buﬂ’alo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of
e » T; ~ Snake River Crossing. ‘
 I83--Buﬁalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of
= l ' the Bitter Root. ..
 284'-'Bl.ll(f;3l?c1?lll'S Secret Foe ; or, The Wizard of Windy
u .
385--Buffalo Bill’: Master-stroke; or, The Specter of
3,3. Death Valley.
336--Buﬁalo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
1 ’ R elm. the Half-breed.
ﬁr-Bu; alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone
‘ -V Star Outlaws. ‘
pﬂ--Buffalo Bill’: Dance of Death; or, The Night
  A 1 Hawks of Snake River.
339‘-HHIIVHRIO Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
  ' J E  Spider of the Shoshones.
#9)-—-Bliﬁelo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or, The Wan-
-; 7 dark: ew of the Plains.
1--Buﬁalo ll and the Mad Millionaire; or, .The
R’ Redskin Rovers. . ‘
ab. Bill?» Medicine-lodge: Or. The White

  
  

   
  
  

 
 

    
  

    
   
   
 

   

_ of the Kiekapoos.
j V ‘Bill in Peril: or, The Red Amazons of

   
  
 
 

 



379-Buffalo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round— '

  want  _numhers of our libraries and cannot procure them from your nests-
 his oﬁoe di  Postage ‘ '

«  79

 

LATEST TITLES:

294—Buﬁalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on 
the \V:1r—path. ’ "5
295——Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship ‘
of the Phantom Flower. ;
296—BufTalo Bill in No Man’s Land; or, The Sl<y-mir-
tor of the Panhandle.
297-Buffalo Bill’s Border Ruﬂians; or, The Desperate
Game of Panther Pete.
298-Buffalo Bill’s Black Eagles; 01', The Snake-master
from Timbuctoo.
299--Buffalo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
Round-‘Robin Ranch.
3oo—-Buffalo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the 
Niobrarah. 1
3oI—But§a_lé>, Bill’s Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black
1 e. .
3o2—Buﬁ'alo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White '4
Flower of Fetterman Prairie. _
303--Buﬁalo Bill and the White Specter; or, The Mys—- .j
terious Medicine-man of Spirit Lake. ‘
304-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men of
Timber Bar. '
305--Buffalo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
of Wolf River Caiion.
306-Buﬁalo Bill, the Desert I-Iotspur; or, Pizen Jane, of 
Cinnabar. _ I H '
3o7—Euﬁalo Bill’s Wild Range Riders; or, The V‘ C D
ance of Crazy Snake. ~ 2; 
308-Buffalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, ‘
Catchers of Bitter Water. _ C ; L
309-Buffalo Bill’s Red Retribution; or, The ,_ " R 
, Dancing Dervishes. ‘ ' ' C ‘

      
     
     
  
  
     
    
 

    
   
 
   
   

     

        
  
    
    
   
   

staxnps taken the same as moi: 

«Ki.

 
 

 
   

  

  

ISSUED EVERY THURSDAY.

   
 
   

T1",

 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

. Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
‘plains. They are noble—hearted fellows who don't impose on the weaker

You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of _the dis
 honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all nowsdoalm, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

   
  
   
    
  

I r

 512--Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
 Steel Glove.

f.5;3__Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
.:.~- Hobo of Death Valley.

14-—Diamond Dick’s Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco
’ . buster of the Pecos.

15-—Diamond Dick’s Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-
chief .\Ian’s Vendetta. ‘ ‘
I16-—Diarnond Dick's Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
Mexico. _

17-—Diamond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
" I tom Steer of K—Bar—6. _
518—Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them

.Down in a Blizzard-
'y9...Diamond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked
to the Rio Grande. ’
Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot Work
Along the Big River. - _ _

1--Diamond Dick’s Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man
From Santa Fé. _
.593-—Diamond Dick’s No-name Mystery; or, The Smi-
'.?-; ling Man’s Bad Mistake. '

ii 3—Diamond . Dick's Midnight Stampede; or, The

r Horse-thieves of the Cimarron.

V ....])iamond Dick’s Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of
V l .

‘ 5—Dia:‘ci>i)ii)iel§i:f<t’sf Night Watch; or, The Pretty Girl
A I I of Falling ROCK-
wﬁa.‘ s

 
 
  
   
   
  
   
      
   
 
 
 
    
   
  
  

fmond Dick’s Three To One; or. Backed BY
 Isﬁgltis Golden Quest; or, The Secret of
7“  River. _
md Dickss Long L531); 01', Single-handed
~ . Against a Giant. '

: .
‘"531 ,
\0 3;

in

‘want

  
   

     

A

,.._,' .-

J‘ . _ : -
"iii 3‘.

   

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

529——Diamond Dick’s Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash
Through the Big Divide.

53o—Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass.

531——Diamond Dick’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man witli
the Long Blue Scar.

532-—Diamond Dick’s Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
with a Dead Man.

533—Diamond Dick’s Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a Les-
son to a “Bad Man."

534-Diamond Dick's Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Thoroughbred Pard.

535—Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge— I

once of a Navaho.

'536—Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardyj

Sport of Grand Canon.

537--Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt

’ for a Girl Through Mexico.

538—Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas.

539—Diamond Dick Below the Line; or, An 'A'nierican
Against Big Odds. _

540-—DiaEiond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick

amc.

541--Diamond Dick’s Wide Loop; or, Roping Five at
One Throw.

542—Diamond Dick’s Royal Foe; or. The Strange Pas-
sage of the Santa C rut. I

543-—Diamond Dick's College Scrap; or, 'A Battle For
His Alma Mater.

544—Diamond Dick in the Deep Snows; or. A Close
Call on the Yukon. «

545—'Diamond Dick’s Merciless Trail; or, The Two Ras-
cals of White Horse.

any back numbers of our libraries and cannot procure them from your news» i.
tj ‘can be obtained froth this oﬁce direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money. ‘ '

uni Avenue, NEW YORK cinf.  

2

  

$311’ J;

   

      

R

- 4,, j. A4 gang? I» 4.7y»;-ﬂ"r4g4/ Ag »//1‘_4.?‘.’1_.
" ,~. \‘ .~—~ \\ .\_'—* xx ;<+~ \‘ ”.\":- \\";\~> \~’ .(.~e \\ 5*"

:::.:.: 31:: TIP TOP WEEKLY  

THE boys who take interest in the adventures of Frank Merriwell

     

; .'I
II

  
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
   

Q?

\\
g "s

_‘\\
e v

       
     
     
      
 

   
       
     
 
      
 

 
     
       
    

’* and want to read everything that was written about him, we desire ”y\‘~

C, to say that numbers I to 325 of the TIP TOP WEEKLY con-_ 4:

.\ 9 taining his early adventures are entirely out of stock and will not be reprinted. N‘

,_ These numbers, however, were published in the Medal Library beginning  K
 ” with No. I 50 which is entitled VF rank Merri.well’s Schooldays.” We give ’ \\ ’
3% herewith a complete list of all the Merriwell stories that have been pub- ’/pi

e ..  lished in book form up to the time of writing. - ,, -

V. ’ We will send a complete catalogue of the Medal Library, which is just 

i ‘  full of good things for boys, on receipt of a one—cent stamp to cover postage. V‘

~ 2 . ‘ 1;

3 4 '2; s

e ‘.2, MEDAL LIBRARY MEDAL LIBRARY 4;

s 4 AT no czwrs AT so can-rs 7 

 I50--Frank Merriwell’s Schooldays. 304--Frank Merriwell’s Own Company. 9 _ “
“  r 167-——Frank Merriwell’s Chums. 3o8——Frank Merriwe1l‘s Fame. 47
r , 178-—-Frank Merriwell’s Foes. 312-—Frank Merriwell‘s College Chums. ,,,

‘ Y’ ‘ x84—Frank Men-_iwell’s Trip West. 316-Frank l\lerriwell’s Problem. '9 “

. ‘ V I89——Frank‘Merriwel1 Down South. 32o—~Frank l\«*lerriwell’s Fortune. , ~
I93-—Frank Merriwell’s Bravery. 324-—Frank Merriwell’s New Comedian. “
I97«—~Frank Merriwell’s Hunting Tour.. 328——Frank Merriwell’s Prosperity. ? 
201--—Frank Merriwell in-Europe. 332-—F rank Merriwell's Stage Hit. 
2o5-—~Frank Merriwell at Yale. 336-—Frank Merriwell"s Great Scheme. 9'; Vs

‘ Y 2o9'~——Franlc Merriwell’s Sports Aﬁeld. 340--Frank Merriwell in England. ,I_,\ 

'5 213--—Frank Merriwell’s Races. , 344-—-Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards. u ‘
217---Frank Merriwell’: Bicycle 'I;6ur. 348—Frank Merriwell’s Duel. 4, ».
225---—-Frank Me.-rriwell's Courage. A 352-—Frank Men-iwell’s Double Shot. *3 _
229---Frank Merriwell’s Daring. » 356-—Frank Merriwell’s Baseball Victories. (I ‘.3

' 233--Frank Merriwell’s Athletes. ~ 359--Frank Merriwell’s Conﬁdence. ‘'

l 237-——Frank MerriwelI’s Skill. 362——Frank Mertiwell’s Auto. 5*:
240--Frank Merriwell’s Champions. 365-!-Frank Merriwell‘s Fun. 5
244-—-Frank Merriwell’s Return to Yale. 368—Frank Merriwt.-ll’s Generosity. » “
347-.-Frank Merriwcll’s Secret. 37:-—Frank Merriwell’s Tricks. 4 ..
251--Frank Merriwell's Danger. 374-—-Frank Merriwell’s Temptation. E ‘S

 - 254-—Frank Merriwell’s Lo alty. 377--Frank Merriwell on Top. ‘ '

“ g-’, _ 358-Frank Merriwell in amp. '

= :2;--gunk gdlerriwegs gacatiom NEW MEDAL LIBRARY
-— rank emwe ’s misc. A l ' .
~ _2‘7:_—-Frank Merriwelfs Chase.  ‘T ‘5 Cm“ “°°""“‘ 3""
. Frank Merriwell in Maine. 3,8o—Frank Merriwell’s Luck.

 _  Frank Merriwell’: Struggle. 383—Frank Merriwell’s Mascot.

‘ i\j384-A-Funk Merriwell’; First Job. 386——Frank Merriwell’s Reward.

_. _ 3:88»:-Frank Merriwell’: Opportunity. 389—Frank Merriwell's Phantom.
‘ -Merriwell’: Hard Luck. 392---Franl<_ M erriwe1l's ‘Faith.
 Merriwelfs. Pratégé. 395-5-Frank" Merriwell’: Victories. T Y

ffﬂg--I‘if3’lIl€  on the Road. 398-"—Frank Merriwell’s' Iron Nerve.

   

...............-. ............a..-ms..—...._-.-._......

snr     Pub ushers.  , l%iY¢RK»{;

      

     

HE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

 
    
   

  

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
     
   

   

   

RIDER WEEKLY BRAVE AND BOLD
Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar- Every boy who prefers variety ’

slial by accident, but he resolves to use his _ _ _ '
" .. authority and rid his ranch of some very m h15 readmg matters Ought 10 ~ .

i’ tough bullies. He does it in such a slick be 3 reader of Brave and BO]d_

way that everyone calls him “King of the .
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his A” these were wntten by authors

title. $iooin cash are given to the readers who are past masters in the art
of thls publication, of telling boys’ stories. Every

Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a _ _ _
Sham OHL tale is complete in itself.

AND MAIN DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir-
climbing the ladder of fame by ably filled by this library. Every
honest effort. No more inter- up—to-date boy ought to read just
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are estab-
Each number is at least one-third lished and maintained on our
longer than the ordinary ﬁve- Western plains by Diamond Dick,
cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY Ll

_ Th d t r ‘r 
Buﬁalo Bill ls the hero of a whosiaozfy"  i: ‘.’.(’[§’(§\,‘v”e‘:‘y . 1*

thousand exciting adventures Billy." Billy is the true product

among the Redskins. These are ef ‘he Stleele Of New Y°r_k- ,N°  J
;: Wen to our be S on] in the boy can r'ead.tl'_ie tales of his trials 

3 y y without imbibing some of that 5
3113310 Bin 5t°"le5- The)’ are resource and courage that makes ' ‘
bound to interest and please you. the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

    
 
   
   
 
    

       

   

    
     
    
 

  
     

 

 

 
      
       
 
    
       
      

       
 

The Tip Top wéekiy

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

    

 
    

    
 

 

