    :=i[K§l1=..V

 

laud Weekly. By mbsmxtzbn $2.50 per year. Entered as Second-class Matter at the IV. Y. Rut Oﬁce, by STREET & SMITH. 79-89 Seventh .42-e., M Y.
Entered according to Act of Omgress in the year 1909. in the Oﬂfce of the L:?>rart'an of C‘mIg‘re::, W'a.t'h1'ug1on, D. C.

No. 634.

NEW YORK, February 20, t9o9.

Price Five Cents. ‘

THE TIGER-TAIVIER;

Nick Cartetfs Boldest Strategy.

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

CHAPTER I.
MARVELOUS EXHIBITIONS or SKILL.

It was Monday morning of the ﬁrst week in June
--the particular date does not matter—when Nick
Carter, as he seated himself at the breakfast-table",
Opened and read the following brief letter.

There was upon his countenance the evidence of
some surprise as he did so, and after having perused

it a second time, he remarked impersonally to his two __

assistants who were at the table with him:
, “Listen to this, lads,” and then he read aloud as
' follows;

»  “My Dean MR. CARTER: You will have noticed,

 ; bY’the bill-boards scattered throughout the city that
 5 ', Adam I-Iindpaugh’s circus and menagerie opens at the
5‘ -''G&,l?<l¢n to-morrow night, which will be the date of
‘  ‘receipt of this letter. You will also have seen
  name‘ announced among the list of performers,
  if. you have not happened to hear about me be-
 VThe’announcen1,ents proclaim me to be the
 tigebtamer in'the"world, and, without ego-
 think I may assure; you -that there is some
..  the claim. '

hive for some time past been quite anxious to
V ..in_I.erview witiryou, Mr. Carter, the subject

    
   
 
   
 
 

of which I do not care to state in this letter, as it is
upon an entirely personal and confidential matter
which I would wish to go no further than a discussion
between ourselves.

“ ‘You will ﬁnd enclosed herewith two tickets for
the best seats at our disposal, and I would respectfully
request that you attend the circus on thp opening night,
and that, after the performance is over and the audi-
ence has dispersed, you will go to the basement of the
Garden, where the animals are exhibited, and ask to
be directed to me. If you will do this. I will regard
it as a great favor and will satisfactorily explain my
reasons for the request at our interview.

“ ‘When you attend the circus performance, I wish

you would give particular attention to my own act ~

with the tigers; and also I wish you would devote
even more scrutinizing attention to the performance of
Miss Millie Slade. -

“‘You will notice that Millie Slade is called the

most wonderful bareback equcstrienne that ever ap-
peared before an audience, and that she gives a most
remarkable exhibition of marksmanship with rifle and

pistol while riding at full speed on the bare hack of 

her horse around the sawdust ring. ,
y “ ‘With these few remarks and in the earnest ho
that you will attend the performance, that you will

I

 

 [,2 NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

notice the things to which I have called your attention,
and that you will not fail to look me up after the per-
formance, I remain, _ .

“ ‘Most respectfully yours,

“ ‘JAMES DUMONT,
“ ‘The world’s mostjwonderful and
greatest tiger-tamer.’ ”

- .“It’s a pity he didn't send us three tickets; instead
of two," said Patsy, with a shrug of his shoulders and
a grimace, but Chick laughinglyresponded‘:

' 5 ~“Two will be sufﬁcient. You can go with the chief,
Patsy; I have another ‘engagement for to-night.”

‘ 'N_ick Carter was reading the letter in silence for the
third time, and paid no attention to these side remarks,
';l)l1t now‘ he raised his eyes, and remarked, -with a
smile:
A - “It strikes me, lads, that this is rather an unusual
communication. I don't know why the tiger-tamer
' ‘should feel called upon to send me "two tickets for the
“show, and to ask for an interview afterward; do you ?”
’ “I think I could make a shrewd guess about'it,” re-
plied Chick. V

“VVell, what is‘it , .

“My guess would be that the tiger—tan1er has, or at
least fancies that he ha_s,_some sort of a case on handu
He would like to submitit to'you.” ' '

“But," said Nick, “if that is so, he knows my ad-
dress ;' the receipt of this letter is proof of that.,?’
'f’,""‘I l"wo'uld’go further in my guessing,” continued

_ iCh~ick.' it ‘ ‘  ‘ .

. .  .wot"1ldi:suggest that -the two acts to which he has
‘I I “ ealled your attention, his own and Milliesladels, have
"'_somethin"g' to do with the matter he has in mind.” I
 “My g‘uess.¥=gv_ouldn’t be at all like .that,” spoke up

 
 

 

- _P_atsy. _ _ A A
A “What is.yours:?f"asked Chick.
A 7"_1‘he _pijess-ag'ent,"’ was,,tb_é retort.

  “Eh! I‘Io§y_do-youmake that out?” ‘
_   t“l_19Sc;.f§llo'yvs_ "are ‘always looking for some

   adyerhisement. The tiger-
, *i1%d§é 301*} '*"ﬁs."’.Ie;tt<'=:.' is hmiithouf egotisiv

gmcatj’.

   
  
      
     
   
    
   

 ]f'Yoii"have 'oii1y__to,, 3961; at  __in'_wh_igh he

‘e;,§i.1P‘i.¢~‘2.:-.¢!"°, letter td.;as§“t¢’§Xo‘tr, Pf mat fest-’?.
"   Sﬁiat “is your  about it ?'f I V, V.
 ~  exams .i%..t*!at<"t*u=, A.‘i8F£='..*émér and: die.
 is,  ?‘.l,5‘ld.€,1'.{l11I fequestrimne 11ia«~ie,put:»ths:ir,’

.9,

;,i>.

  

 

‘We’1l induce Nick Carter to attend the circus on our
opening night, and then ,we’ll give it out to the press-
agent that he was here as our guest.’ That's the way

_ I size it up.”

Nick Carter, however, shookihis head negatively.

“That’s all in your eye, Patsy,” he said. “The little
bit of advertising that either of them could get out of
the fact that I was at the circus as their guestwouldn’t
amount to anything.” . ,

“Well,” asked Patsy, “shall we use the tickets?”

Nick Carter laughed aloud at that.
- “You seem more than ready to be an invited guest,
Patsy," he said.

“Well, you wouldn't attend "an important matter
like that without taking me with you, and I want you
to understand right here and now, chief, that I like
a circus just as well to—day as I did when I was a
kid and used to crawl under the canvas and carry
water to the elephants in order to get inside.”

“All right, Patsy; we will go.”

_ ,And so ithappened that when the performance he-

gan at the Garden that night, Nick Carter and his
~ . . ‘ I
secondassistant, Patsy, occupied two of the best seats

from which they could obtain the most advantageous

view of the two acts that had been called to their
attention. A ,

_W_e need ‘make no particular" reference to the other
parts of that performance, for the two acts in‘ ques-
tionlare the ofﬂy ones which at present interest us.

The performance of the tiger-tamer was the first
of the two to be presented, and it was, in fact, a re-

,markable exhibition of the subjection of wild beasts

of the jungle to the will of a man. Jim Dumont was
certainly master of his craft. -

A stagewas quickly, erected in’ the middle of the
center ring. audit was surrounded by .a sectional cage
of irorrbars which was put in place with that_’wonder-
ful celerity demanded oflcircus men. Twelve tigers,
each in appearance a king of the jungle, were admitted
to this temporary enclosure, and the auflience was
thrilled to asudden, hush by the dropping of James
Dumont intoptheir’. very midst from a trapeze directly
above the center of the ’enclosure. ‘ The audience

knew at that instant that there was no door of 

rm the cage by which. James Dumontlcould escape

onlythe one by which thejhed  given a"drnittangg_;

I and that had been locked and barred on the outside,
,_ All__ the _other.,perform‘¢r§. had withdrawn; the ‘ac. »
;tiv'iti_e_s in_the ,ftwo_idj9ining rings ceased forthe time I 

      u.um- 
-.  ‘f,:"'  ‘ _‘»:'rjI-'1..‘.uV. '1 V’ ‘V/. .  7:V.r,‘:';;»‘tV‘.+v.. 4-'x.,.- '. - I . ._ .   A

- 1

,frorn_ his pets if he _sliot;_ld,hav'e,ot:‘easioni.to1do so, saxie ‘T 

 

  

1

NEW NICK CARTER \VEEKLY.

mensep audienceiwas centered upon the act of the tiger- _'

‘ _tamer. His twelve savage‘ animals were put through
' all sorts of marvelous performances. They jumped
ropes, leaped through blazing hoops, marched around
the inside of the enclosure erect, with their forepaws
resting upon one another, and they did other equally
surprising tricks, ‘evidencing the wonderful control that
the tiger—tamer hadover them.

At words of command from their master they
marched around their cage in single ﬁle, in: double ﬁle,
in columns of three and of four, and, without excep-

, tion, they obeyed hisslightest word of command in
. every instance. A ' '
’ V “ Andiﬁnally, as a climax to the exhibition, a tackle
was let down from above, the huge iron cage was
lifted bodily from its base; and the tigers followed
*?*:{~ their master from the platform to the sawdust ring,
_ __a-nd thence passed from the sight of the intensely in-
’  terested audience through the dressing-room doorway,
‘ollZowingsDumont as so many well-trained dogs might

 

 

 
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

dience to endure while these twelve wild beasts were
. Aetically at liberty,‘ and a sigh of relieved suspense
%'3$*breathed"by every personthere when at last the
A ﬁidisiappieared, from view with their trainer.

 of. the twelve animalshad attracted particular

ﬁles‘, representing the most beautiful specimen of
i d thateever hadvbeen presented to an admiring
e. . _ s
is particular animal was named Prince. and
; t_ the performance Prince’s strong affection
iiihriiaster had been noticed by every pair of'eyes
V p 3-. a . i .
 a« remarkable performance,” said the de-
” .-.W.henstit,was over. . ’

  
   
   

a _. . _
, this gtpornxng.’.'

ictter, savcfonl-y the one‘! advised
‘i _ ep .t!te’dete.,c,tive. _"'

 
  
  

r~._‘

   
 
   
   

  

‘ground, and the interior of that immense building s

ve done, Itihad been a thrilling moment for the ‘ rang with the thunder of applause induced by her mar- ‘

 ‘onas being not only the best performer of them . '

eh second"assistant,, in a low tone; -
' ,ab’o‘ut it to suggesrany idea for

   
  

3

She dashed in upon the scene, riding a horse that
wore no strap of any kind upon him; and he was not
the stereotyped circus horse, either.

He was a small, sleek, chestnut-coated Arabian,
lithe of limb and as graceful in his motions as one of
Jim Dumont's tigers.

With his beautiful rider standing erect upon his
back, he dashed into the center ring, circled it several
times, leaped the barriers to one and then to the other
of the, end rings. circling them each in its turn; and
then, still on a wild run from ring to ring, and circling
each of them, loaded pistols and riﬂes were thrown in
turn into the grasp of Millie Slade. Targets in the
shape of glass balls were tossed into the air by super-

numerariesuand while the horse was dashing at his a

mad pace from ring to ring and around themgshe
discharged these ﬁrearms with such wonderful accu-

racy that not a glass ball escaped her aim. Each one ,

she shattered to fragments before it could fall, to the

velous two—foldeexhibition of skill. ‘

 

CHAPTER II.

‘rm; risen-rAuaa’s 1'1-:'r.

At the close of the performance Nick Carter and V 1 up
Patsy retained their seats until the greater part of the  '

audieiice had passed from the building; then they rose,

and made their way slowly towardtthe basement, which. i

was the menagerie part of the show, and where they
had been hidden to search for the tiger-tamer. ‘

He met them directly in front of the eagesiwhere  
his pets were conﬁned, having resumed his streebdresa L; 

and outwardly bearing the appearance of-a gentleman

of reﬁnement. and the very last, one wvfhoinﬂn  _:
lupqn the street, you wouldV.'selcct._as  
i‘tig=§r-tamer; , ,  ' ' V t  

 ;i .a fact“  in»

i appearaaee.__,

 

 

. s‘. \ . » . « g =

8 eth¢ré..id1:r s¢srm§M..t¥== fees 9? t
‘ ehed. aii«jd.t,h9lz1,apce 
‘detective; advanced toward ,

  

4 _ “NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

ning. This is Mr. Garvan, Mr. Dumont, and I am
Nick Carter, your guest.” _ ,

The cordial grasp with which the tiger-tamer seized
upon the detectives extended hand betrayed his pleas-
ure at the meeting; but he made no ahusion to his
letter at that moment, saying, instead: '

“I am glad that you liked the performance, Mr.
Carter; and you, also, Mr. Garvan. What do you
think of my twelve beauties, eh P”

“They are superb,” said the detective; “particularly
the one you called Prince.” -

“Ah! Prince; yes, indeed. Prince is almost human
in his intelligence. You would never believe that a.
huge eat like Prince could know as much as he does.
'St'ep this way, if you please, and I will show him to
you again." -

The ‘tiger-tamer led them a short distance, to a cage
that was separated from the others by a somewhat

~ greater distance than that generally used, and behind

the bars of which the sleekest, largest, and most beau-
tiful tiger that Nick Carter had ever seen was pacing
up and down, purring comfortably as he walked, and
keeping his eyes ﬁxed upon his master with an ex-
pression of almost docile affection.

Dumont stepped up close to the bars and thrust both
arms inside them, drew the tiger’s head toward him,
scratching the animal’s ears and patting, him affec-
tionately, speaking in an unknown tongue to him as he

’ did so, and thus calling forth every expression of ai-
iection which it is ‘possible for a dumb animal to

give. i , .
“Prince is my chum,” he said, withdrawingkhis arms

. from thecage and turning again to face the detective.

“He is my own particular property; the other tigers
belong to thegmenagerie, Prince belongs to me.” /
“Have you had him in your possession long?” asked
the detective, stepping a little closer to the cage.
“All his life,” replied Dumont. “I have nursed him

» and tended him since hewas born. His mother died
  giving hini birth, and I raised him on _a bottle.
 you‘can"t ‘understand it, Mr. Carter, but‘ I
- am just as fond of Prince as if he were human, and
 is just as four} of me as I am of him”

‘«‘Heicet=.ta'in_l'y- is a beautilful-’animal,”. said the de-

* jtective, stepping: still closer, smilingly re-

pIled:-

’ 7 .._ “Put your_'hands insides theibars, Mr. Carter, and
 his-ears and pat him as, I did justinow. i I
jean,  that he likes you, 1 Don’t be afraid of him)", ‘

 .anginstant’s hesitation, the idefectiitié 561- ‘

 

lowed the suggestion, and the tiger accepted his ad-
vances exactly in the spirit that Dumont had indicated.

“Shall I try it, too?” said Patsy, stepping forward;
but Dumont shook his head, and replied:

“Not just now; Mr. Garvan.
too. many acquaintances upon'Prince at once; but he
likes you—I can see that.”

“You had some particular reason for requesting my
attendance here to-night, did’ you not?” asked the de-
tective, still leaning against the bars and caressing the
tiger with his right hand. ,

“Yes, Mr. Carter, I did; but, with your permission,
I will defer our discussion of it until we get to my
rooms. You don’t mind, do you? You and Mr. Gar-
van haive half an hour to spare to go there with me,
haven't you P” -_ .

“Oh, yes," said Nick. “I have no objection.”

“I suppose you took particular notice of the other
act to which I called your attention?" asked Dumont.

“Yes, I was almost as greatly interested in Miss
Slade's performance as in yours. Am I also to make
her acquaintance this evening?"

The’ tiger-tamer smiled enigmatically, hesitated a
moment, and replied: ‘

“Why, yes‘; come with me, if you will.”

He stepped aside long enough to give a few direc-.

tions to one of the animal-tenders, in which Nick Car-
ter_heard himhsay that he would return presently, and
then led the way rapidly to another part of the build-
ing, where, after tapping- against the door, he was
bidden to enter. 1

In another moment ick Carter and Patsy Garvan
weie acknowledging the tiger-tamer’s introduction to
Millie Slade, who received them graciously: but, never-
theless, with an air of restraint about her, Nick Carter
thought, for which he did not at the moment attempt
to find any explanation.

Nick and Patsy both congratulated her upon the ex-
cellence of her performance. and, after the usual ex-

change of courtesies, they withdrew, the tigtr.-tamer. i
now leading the way again to that part of the building 5 I

where his pets were caged.

"You and Miss Slade do not seem to be any too
cordial in your relations, Mr.' Dumont,” said the de-

tective, as they walked along side by side. .“I fancied f
that I saw some evidences of restraint between you.” "

“Possibly,” returned the tiger-tamer: but he made — “

no further comment.

. “I hope,” he said to. the detective, when they at last“ I
paused in front of Prince's cage, “that ‘you. have ‘no 1,

  

It isn't well to force I

gs

 NEVV NICK CARTER \\'EEl{_LY.

objection to taking a short stroll through the, street
with a tiger for company.” ' ‘

“Eh 3” said Nick. “\Vhat do you mean by that?”

The tiger-tamer smiled, and then he replied:

“I have already told ‘you that Prince .is my per-
sonal property, as well as my pet, arid the object of
my particular affection.”

“Yes.” ' ,

“I never leave him here in the care of the animal-
tenders. He goes home with me and, sleeps in the
room with me.”

“Do you mean that you take him through the streets
of the city?” asked the detective, in surprise.

“Yes; it isn’t far.” _ .

"I should suppose that the city authorities would
object to that.” ‘ . .

“I suppose they would if they had an opportunity
to do so,” replied Dumont, laughing; “but, you see,
if I happen to meet anybody on the street when I am
leading Prince, and they discover what my companion

is, they geriei-pally get on the other side of the thor--

oughfare about as quickly; as they can. I never have

yet encountered a policeman in any of the cities we

have visited who cared to. arrest’ a tiger, and they

usually are quite content tolook the other way and

not see him; moreover, I always select my quarters so
. ’ near to the location of our production that I haven’t
 far to take hirfi.” ’ V

‘ He opened the door of the cage as he spoke, and

ﬁittered a command in a low tone, whereupon Prince

 gisiﬂed from the enclosure, leaped to the
p I Qrouehed at his master’s feet.
 from a hook near the top of the cage, Dumont took
 ‘eehéeiistall and chain, and having buckled the former
 the neck and muzzle of the. huge animal, he
i  toithe detective, and said smilihgly:
j   eontrivance looks las ifit might prevent him
r ﬁ;fi’oI;ii',i1sing his ja;._\(s;lbut bless you,'it wouldn‘t. And,
, 33%’ idea, when at tiger is" amused, his jaws are11’t_'half
, 35  his’ feet[and:claws.”i. '. * ‘
' "1“’an..ciuite aispw-ti:hat." 1séi.d"‘Ni¢k'- .   t I
   aacai¢isei;ea,ha_,.ss with me;
.33: ,tt,e,¥*-«Hé"i'v,il1=s:2bé:y,i-‘tr slieiﬁestword of com-

ground, and

F
l
l
l

 
 
 
    
   
 

  

 

  
   
 
   
   

I  ” "ilid, zhiinie to‘  lhixn
, street'asyousay§ybu'do.”,-

 do

3  not dange1fO‘|;$;,if -it where,

is

   
¥1m¢:‘—0Ii1:-‘ht

    

 

/

         

 evériwdrdl      .
 - I * ‘i v ’ ‘ —‘   1; nhecand walked half. avbloek to the eastward, when

5
The tiger—tamer shrugged his shoulders, anclhis
face’ took on a seriously grave expression, as he an-
swered, with more deliberation than the detective
thought was called for under the circumstances:
“I have often thought of that, Mr. Carter, and some

times I have seriously considered making arangemerits
with the management to haye quarters for myself al-

ways inside the enclosure, whether it be a tent or a '

building, as in the present case.”

He shrugged his shoulders again, and was silent for
a moment, and then added, in even a more serious tone
of voice:

“Possibly. when we have ﬁnished our interview this
evening, you will advise me for the good of the com-
munity at large to do so. But come, if you are ready,
we will go now." .

He led the way toward the entrance that was near-
est, and Nick could see that the man had purposely
delayed his departure until the streets outside had re-
sumed their normal condition, which, at that late hour
of the night, rendered them sparsely populated.

‘Indeed, as they passed from the buildingtol the ave-
nue and crossed it, there were not a dozen people in
sight in either direction. save for a group of circus
employees who were gathered about the door itself. ,

As they passed from the building they encountered, .
directly in the doorway, no less a person that Millie
Slade, now in her street-costume, and evidently bent
upon enteringthe carriage which was waiting at the
curb. 5 i I

She paused for a moment when she saw the three
men with the tiger, and a curiously enigmatical smile,
that was almost insolent in its expression, illumined
her beautiful face for an instant; and Nick Carter no-
ticed that her eyes were of that peculiar quality and
hue which is sometimes described as~green.

Very’ large and expressive eyes they were.’ with I

heavy dark lashes shaded by straight, determined
,brows." She was 3 _W6t!(l!‘0L!Sl)' attractive personage,
’and_there ‘was about her‘ a quiet “sense of power and
” .determinatx‘on which evexrthen inﬂu ced Nick,Carter
 strangely, But she passed oh to hercarriage without.
gilwgfd, and with‘ a nod andaesmile of recognition.
I ,}:»The giégecﬁve a;j;d']1is companions crossed the ave- ~

,  £l1e..way,,  s ﬂight of brownstone steps
and iumghaua:  iv ' 11 he carried, a key. ,
M ’ . ‘fl occixpyithe entire parlor ﬂoor here, Mr. Carter,”

he said. -  usually called the back parlors is ‘I
 amoatmodationasof Prince; I occupy the front A r
 tarmac inthetway lyric is irother an p ' 

l _ .

   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
 

x

5.’ ' N_EW NICK cAk'rER WEEKLY.

expensive luxury, [for I am compelled to pay all sorts " tain qualiﬁcations which pertain to each particular
_of_ prices to induce people to take us in. Neverthe- class by itself.
3688. it is W01'th thﬁ Price *0 me. and I keep “'15 tiger For instance, the sailor is inevitabl su erstitious;
. n Y P
always With me» ' so is the showman, although in a distinctl different
i“Bt” 'dN'k h tdth h"d'td y '
_ u , sax ic , as e accep e e c air in tea e way, " -
~ by the tiger-tamer, “what do you do with Prince when
you are compelled to go down-town, or to other parts
of the city where you cannot take him with you?”
 “I was just thinking of that myself,” said Patsy.
“It wouldn't be healthy for anybody to break in here
3 while you are gone, would it?” '
The tiger~tamer laughed. _ g
"‘I leave him here, of course,”_~ he said. “That is
part of the understanding when I engage quarters.
N. ‘ But helcnows what I say to him, and he always waits
P’ . patiently for my return. No, Mr. Garvan, it wqu1dn’t _ _ _
be just exactly healthy for strangers to break in here hA1“1;’°St “"thf"“t °:_.°?t‘°;' {they “£11 fen 3'°;' :1?‘
a while I am away; Prince might hurt them. But I t 65' ave no car 0 eat mm t e -laws 0 t 6"
fr. aways have a Sign of warning on the door outside, pets, -but that they fear only mankind and the human
 and others in the house are familiar with our habits” °“°m‘°5 they make‘ - I
. ._, _’“w¢1]," said Nick, “I suppose the time has come Nick Carter remembered this as he listened to the
tnaxvgfdr you to gxplain to me the motivg that was be- remarkable statement made by the tiger-tamer; but he —
hind your letter?" i . , replied by a question, which was:
_f‘Ycs. Mr.'Carter,‘the time has come for me to ex- :‘Have you an enemy?” ‘ .
plain." Z ’ ~ g ’  e.  ‘Yes._” . . - . , /
,‘§I7a’xn ready,” said the detective. ’ “Do you know who that enemy is?"
. gl“:Very well-,. sir.  a preliminary, I will make I “YES-" L ,
;ratlter_;a  statement;..but after I make it I will ex- ' “Well, at least that is Oﬂe advantage Has your 1
l '  d t 'l hatl‘ ' b it." I I . life been, threatened?” ‘ ‘
.  iii 3"   ‘W 7 P . “It me»
I 'i.f"’T!.:.ee.t'x'>lLc1< statement isythisz I am threatened in a “By this particular enemy?”
 I i¢_;lt‘I‘_1be,lievc’Twill encompass my death un- "Yes."
  mtmediate measuresrcte protect myself. I "Are youprepared to tell me who it is ?’ _ g
in  oﬁlosing my life when I walk upon ‘ “Certainly; otherwise, I would not have  f 
the st  as t_lre7 "alone than I ever am when I "you‘here?" ' i - ‘ 7 f
 I  my.twe'lve tigers. . ' "Well,.I am waiting”, *

The lawyer has his own viewpoint of life in gen-
eral which is entirely distinctfrom the physician's,
just as both of them areidifferent from that of any
other professional man. ’

The sn'ak€—charmer lives according to certain rules,
and avoids certain conditions as religiously as if they
would prove fatal if he adopted them. And it is‘ a
remarkable fact that there never was yet a profese
sional animal-trainer, man or woman, who did not
dread assassination. . A

\

’.

        
   

  remarked that I n1ight~ drop \ ,"‘My eneniy, Mr. Carter, is the woman told 

" I .  \yh;en‘leading.Prince, but presented..Ay_ou to-night.” .  ‘  . T 

on spoke when vou said _.“Do )'0u. refer'to Millie ‘Slade 2". ‘. .  _

' V I} ' ' “I dogs‘ ‘Y  ‘K g‘ ' ‘I. I V‘ ‘., "A
.“So I was not amiss   when I 

‘ estraint b_etvveenTyo_u atthe.tinie,e‘fxthe 

 
      
    
 
    

    
  

         
   
       

  
 

  
 
 

    

 
 

 V   i‘i~  . ‘A2 . "‘l'\.‘lb: you were’ quite cg;-rect.”i ‘    _,* I;
r w    7   “Do umean to t9l1xrieuDuinonti   
. BACKFJIIDZ3  «  . .. » 33° . , I '  I  .,.-«es 9.?‘ ~ v -
TEE aging, * _ .;«.,:..T?  £5"-';l:.~.*_,_;«"jl   fear for your IlIe\rgt_$hg hanchof Millie Slade
 Ttiiexnaiilca lettstateingi-xte_“hy;.  ~*‘Jnst—ehat.”.».__ ' ' 3-‘   I  '

  ‘I‘ﬂ:z- 5; llaiévalilittici hit

  

 I .

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' 7:

“I have; and you will agree -with me when you have
heard them.” _ '

“I hope,” said’ the detective, “that when you asked
me to come here you had. already determined to be
entirely frank with me, in case you made any revela-
. tion at all.”

“I had.” -

“Well, what is the story?”

“I scarcely know how to tell it, Mr. Carter.‘ It
begins a number of years back.”

I “Well, tell it in your own way.”

“Look at me, Mr. Cartel‘-”_

“Yes, I am looking.” . .

“I am not exactly the sort of man you expected to
see when you received that letter from me this morn-

{, ing, am I? I am not precisely the’ sort of person
whom you ‘would select in passing upon -the "street as
an animal-trainer, -am I?” - »

— “No, perhaps not; but I have given that subject
no thought, Mr. Dumont. You have just stated that
your life_‘has been threatened by Millie Slade, the bare-
back rider and‘expert pistol-shot; And now it is up
to you to explain to’ me when and where and how that
threat was made.” "

. “ “That is the difficult part of my communication,”
‘replied Dumont. ~ ' ’

“Why so?” ‘ ~ ‘

‘I '~ “Principally because‘it involves a confession on my
part of a secret-—-or, rather, the revelation of a secret
— "which I have sworn never to reveal.”

"But -I understand that you intend to break that
path, is that it?” -

. “Yes; I feelthat I must do so.” '
‘*"'“Wiiy 'should'Mil1ie Slade wish to take your life,
" Dumont?” . '

‘ “She has two reasons, Mr. Carter, both of which ﬁt

I.  nicely that they may be explained as one.”

 l‘;7,liVhat are they?" I = ' ‘ ‘

. .;,“Sl1e,._wants to get rid of me entirely, and she can

i «a

 E-accomplish,» it throi‘1gh'my death; and she! is in

 

3iigi';:§ﬁef»cani_;e_: iieeoﬁiéfiiis wife ii I am a‘1ive.'j’j 1
  . should be‘ only »oné’_réa'son' for’ that I remark-.
 §tate'nient.’.’ ,4 ;  ‘g  ,,  ' V
I   Mrs   3 ‘ ‘I *
 that Millie Slade

    
  

 . .45.

 
  
   
  
 

‘ »..5¢-’_' V  1:‘:  . _.   2 u
 leaned back» L "his chair‘; ..,;f _

 anothet'rnan_‘, whom Ishef wishes to’ marry,

 JarneirD_mnont.:__ . M V
" ‘ " ' ' - " i “ ’  - . " chargexof one of .them_when I was a little chiltﬂand

 
 

“I don’t know that you could exactly call it a quar-
rel. It is more in the line of a misunderstanding; I
will try to explain.” -

“\~’Vell?~”

“Millie Slade and I were married ten years ago. .

I was at that time an ofﬁcer in the English army, sta-
tioned in India. I was not an animal-trainer by pro-

ifession, and had no thought of ever‘ becoming one.

But I was an animal-trainer by choice, and all my

-_ life I had made pets of all sorts of wild beasts. I

was born in India, Mr. Carter, as 'was’my father be-

fore me, and he and my grandfather were also officers ‘

in the English army.”

The detective nodded butimade no remark.

“I made the acquaintance of Millie Slade while on a
furlough, during which time I visited the United
States. She was performing at that time with this
same circus, but ..had only been following the pro-
fession for a year. I saw her in the ring, was at-
tracted to her, and I sought and obtained an introduc-
tion. The result of that meeting, to cut short a long
and unnecessary, explanation, was that I resigned my
commission in the army and subsequently made the
engagement with Adam Hindpaugh which I now hold
as an animal-trainer and performer.”

“Go on,” said the detective, when the tiger-tamer

I paused.

“Millie’s performance at that time was that "of a
bareback rider only. She had never given an exhibi-
tion of her skill with pistols and riﬂe, and I knew
nothing of her accomplishments in that way; neither
did the circus people. \Ve were married very "soon
after I resigned my commission in the army, ahd<I
took up this life and have followed it ever since.”’

Again he paused and hesitated a considerable time,
but presently went on, saying: I 5 I

“Although I‘ have been an officer in t'hei‘iEnglisliV

army and have been in many skirmish ﬁghts, althdugh
I have been accustomed tetlije use of ﬁrearms‘ all my
life, and- have seen them about me ever since I was

 ._I, nevertheless,’ have a superstitious horror of
.a pistol; and there‘ neverhas, been a moment irfmy.

life wee.-ii «I have _not‘dreaded déathby one of them.
Particularly arnjl-;shot_:k,ed and horriﬁed--the feeling

. »is,oonst§ituti’onal with me, "and. so_ deep-seated that I
.  ‘eannot1_9vercom‘e it»---by a‘ pistol in the hands‘ of a

  was killed by in ‘accidental dis-

that may _’hav_e had something to doin inﬂuencing me,”

“Well,i'.toward awhat uses all this explanation tend P’-“ -

aslétd   »

_ \

  

 8
"“It tends toward an explanation of the final rup-
ture between Millie and myself.” .
"The detective nodded.

“VVe had been married’ about a month when, to my

» utter. amazement and horror and without my previous
- knowledge of preparation for it, Millie performed the
same act that you witnessed to-night. At the close of
the performance that night I demanded of her that
she. cut it out entirely. She refused and we quarreled.
 .No$v,' Mr. Carter, I need not go into any further par-
 ticulars conchming it more than to say that it was the

_ Wbeginning of aseries of dissensions between us which
V :. gwithin a few months brought about our separation. I
‘ £5bel=ieved that.I‘ had the right and authority to insist
my demands: she denied methat right. I wished
jhézretolgiveeup entirely her act in the circus and to live
asxny wife, and as a lady should; she refused.
:t€>t_ur separation came about- accordingly but none the

 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
  
     
  
 
     

 a moment ago, we were married ten years ago,

,itI2iys- same circus ever since that time, we have con-
 to live apart; and a remarkable circumstance of
e the  that notapcrson connected with the show
:5 aware of the 'fact“that‘we'were ever married at all.”
 what more?’ a , I

“I have never ceased to be "fond of Millie Slade;
 is jrustzsas dear to m.e.to-day as she was then, but
  andghavecbeen always that I never
N  than zinterestodiefhieri passing, fancy, and that she
!iI§i$:f1"‘ea§I_)fi satisﬁed topbe rid oflme when our separa-

y,.y§urSeI§)A,:into~fa{ijmérhid condition. nnmonu but, show-

   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

:v.,. I 

 at iItervals.of agyear

1' .;f'but each time I
  [t.irne it,.was
.   .It:-«war. about a

 

 in th:is,*"Mr§ Cﬁrter
3‘ . :0 ‘
' 

 
 

 

    
   
  
   

  
  

 
   

 
 

 effectively; and it was ﬁnal. As I explained to .

 although we have both been in the employ of ’

¥h3n$c,I" f"§said the detective, “thati youiharfe argued

 yourstory asyou began it.” _ p

  reconciliation with ‘V
‘ Carter," he said; and Nick replied linstayntlyr ’ ‘ I

.01‘: more ago you gave upﬂyour positiorrin the English 
'_ army in order to marry, ‘at bareback rider infa circ_:rs‘?.f
, V , _ _p y * _  , , , ‘with whom ou ha ‘bec’ome infatuated. - i_A:li;tle:laiE€r
-tl:a_u~:ordinati,ly attractedhy aﬁr1;};?l;a;g Q ‘ by 4 ' ' ‘ i ‘

.   P*emt‘{‘manése! shars=~ or
 1.»dt8:¢°Vered. almost at   “Millie”

,  ;L,.w.¢.rc_ igtiite i;iaturali.?to,h¢;,r,-;~_snrt4‘which" 

 . . , . ...,.Mi..1~..“-’=airt;c&£,33¢h‘lifeit ‘

Mwrrd Burnout. is    I
" ' 'W.h.aftvrr'i.:é makje   V .

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

tunity offered, and six months ago she made this re-
mark to me: ,

“ ‘You will wake up some morning, Jim, in heaven,
or the other place, and it will be one of my bullets
that sent you there.’

“Since that time on frequent occasions she has made
remarks referring to that threat, such as ‘Are you pre-
paring for that heavenly trip of yours,’ or ‘have you
engaged at 'ferryman across the Styx,’ or ‘Jim, have
you made your’ peace above?"

“Such remarks as those, Mr. Carter, have not been
calculated to still my ‘fears induced by that threat.
She can write her name with bullet-holes on a target
thirty paces distant, ﬁring her pistols so rapidly that
you can scarcely count them, and I want to tell you
right now that whenever I see Millie Slade exchange
a few conﬁdential words with Christopher Powers, the
manager, I shudder with apprehension,’ fearing that
bullet with which she threatened me.

“I sent for you as I did asking you to attend the
circus to-night and witness our acts, because I wanted
yoh to appear there and see them both, in preparation
for giving me the advice I now seek.” W

“What do you expect ?” asked the detective.

“I want you to tell me what I ought to do."‘

“I can tell you that in just two words,” said the de-
tective, smiling as he lighted a fresh cigar. I I

' “What are they ?’} asked the tiger-tamer. Q ~ ;

“Forget it," replied the detective, and he laughed I

again. a J ‘ 7 e ‘

 

; CHAPTER iv.  4

me cAan:a’s NEW-M’jADE FRIENIX»  ,  

The iatigiergtamejr was plainly annoyed by  .,
negpiin which theiidettctive had received ‘his communi-
cations.- ' V. “ 1 I
“I perceive that

.. E_ _.y

you do not take  seriously. 

“Certainly not Durnontl Whyishouldp I?‘

‘.1: . 

Tea iéaegl‘ 

you yobject tokcertain th.ings~  

   

y A g _ he’i'£ef3fti:r'dg;orit”;»tha§.4;i1e; warrant as
 “taunted wiﬂi_‘.iyoué,as we I had;  “

 

    

 

 

 
 
 

séoiatioazwliéh 

  

£97
4 .

is  4

' ‘I low streak in your make-up. She‘ is a woman, a beau-
tiful woman in fact, and not unlike in some qualities
 of disposition the very tigersof which you make pets;
ii that is, she likes to tease just as a tiger delights in
torture; the two are qualiﬁcations of _the same thing.
 ‘She discovered that she could make you dread her and
. even fear her by the ﬁrearm threat, and she made use
" R of it. Later she found out that she could tease you
 about it and keep you constantly in hot water.”
V i The detective turned and waved his hand toward
 Prince, who was lying asleep in the middle of the
ﬂoor, and added:
V l“You trust absolutely that ‘big brute there, but if
you should offend Prince deeply enough to anger him,
3; how long do you think he would -hesitate to rip you
 asunder with those savage-claws of his or to crack
‘*7 your head in his massive jaws?”
 “He would never do it; he would never do it
~: world,” was the emphatic response.
 H The detective shrugged his shoulders and left his
gifchair, ‘reaching for his hat as he did so. ’
' _,l ‘- “Possibly. not,” he ‘said, “but, nevertheless, I think
ycfustand in much greater danger from treachery on
the‘ part of Prince than you do from the pistols of
i,,burwi£e., I am very greatly obliged to_you, Mt.
Dutnont,“ for theentertainment you have given Mr.
 ryap and myself this night. I oughl also to thank
' for your conﬁdence,-.which .I’ assure you has not
" imi§p}aeed.,».«p._,VVh§t_has passed between us. will
 go any further,‘ but this is not a case for me,
— I  it one"_ for anybody. i If I advise you
‘at? 11.5,; the matter, it woulcyie to iollow one of two
ses.’’‘" ‘ i '  I » ~

  
  

in the

 
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
    
  
    
  
 
 
  

M1

 i§whsitﬁ¢y wo'u.1¢i.bs-’.’.."' I 
 I 'will.state then2.”_

2~

ﬁr-st is to seek.— arid ita:aceoir_1piish a. ‘reconcilia-
" V wife. The} other is in the‘.eventgthat
  .23
  cnreia.legal'do.micilt:in-alniost any“State
‘  ‘an absolute yrlivorce on» very
, is head, /and  Carter,
' - is-hana.~_;,   
[ "*"he~i¥.a‘id.~-?""2‘»sain I
I‘  Pats3r:”

   

H  to I select,’ and in-fntany. of Jthe States .

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ’

_ member Prince. 

napossible,  with her upon a legal I
. lives are ipa,sse.d‘in such manger .

’\

* gig; érgtilw, anirnal, «which -‘wan _t1ct't-gin.

9

that Mr. Garvan will excuse us while I speak to you
conﬁdentially and alone ?’

“Certainly,"
to reply.

“Good night, Mr. Dumont.
you outside on the steps."

He passed from the room leaving the tiger—tamer
and the detective alone together, save the presence of
the huge animal sleeping on the ﬂoor.

“Mr. Carter,” said Dumont, after a moment of si- ,'
lence between them. “I have asked you to remain a’
moment with me for a speciﬁc purpose. I want to
introduce you again to Prince, and this time in such
a~,manner as the tiger will never forget. You have
seen ﬁt to accept my communications to you to-night
with incredulity, or, at least, -with a degree of indif-I
ference which tells me that you do not regard them at
all seriously. I do. But I shall not attempt further
to inﬂuence you.” ,

He paubed a moment thinking deeply, and then he
continued: I
“I am none the less convinced that my life is in
danger. I have a premonition upon me, and have had
it fbr the last twenty‘-four hours that I have not long
tolive. The time may be a day or a month oi;.several
months, but all the same I have the intuitiye feeling
here”--—and he placed his hand over his~heart~—-“that. _.
‘before long a bullet will ﬁnd its way to my brain or I by
heart; that I will be dead; and that the woman you’ '
knowyas Millie Slaide will be my executioner; ‘
“When that time comes, as it will come, when you .. 
see the announcement that I have been killed, you will I
recall this conversation, and in recalling it you will re- 
\«.

0
said Patsy, without waiting for Nick

Chief, I will wait for

._ “Wherever my body is at that time; wherever you 

. may be, Ifwish you would do me one favor." ’ He’

paused and his eyes dwelt‘ eagerly upon the
"detective." H _ .
“Well? by Whatjs it?” asked Nick. t A g
“I..wish you wouldipromise me that in the event of 7 "
such a* thing*a's2I"have described, you will travel with 
”'all‘possible speed to, the place‘wheremy body may be. - I
 you arrive!‘ want you to claim‘ possession of fﬂ.
Prince, for I”sh,all_ leave him to you in such a manner 

faeeof the 

 
   
    

that you will  ans tokseeure immediate possession’ 
4,‘.-But,“'"" , t .Seo¢t..‘max1,"whatpclo I want-_ “rith ape‘:

 "I iurillihave izriiééiégi for yputo ireadfwli’eni  

  

to  v%<'§arter, since you ‘do

 3  l s --*.‘Pri_n¢e', ‘go to your new

to NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

all believe that I have any just cause for my fears,
y'ou certainly should feel no hesitation in making the
promise I ask.” I ‘

i‘‘Al1 right,” said Nick, with a shrug of his shoul-
ders. “I’ll make it.” I l

A glad smile appeared for the moment upon the face
of the tiger—tam’er, and then he uttered a sharp word
of command to the animal sleeping on the ﬂoor.

Prince raised his head, blinked for a moment at his
master, then got slowly upon his feet, where he
stretched and yawned. After that he glided forward
to Dumont’s side, and the latter, after patting him upon
the head and stroking him gently, stooped forward and
talked rapidly in the Hindustanee tongue to the beast.
“Nick, iwho understood the language perfectly, ex-
claimed in the same tongue:

_ "I understand and speak Hindustanee also, Du-
mont.”_ ' '

" “Splendid,” said the tamer. “Now, Mr. Carter, if
‘you will stand there and pay attention and do as I
ask, I will make Prince your friend as long as he
lives.” ~

The strange man got down upon his knees beside
the animal, threw his arms around the tiger's neck,
and for ﬁve minutes whispered eagerly and rapidly into

the creature’s ear. - ,
N 'VVhat he said then nobody but he and the animal

knew or understood; but the latter acted as if he cozn- '

prehended every word, and he purned and’ blinked and
‘winked his eyes and purred again while he was re-_
L i  iceiving that conﬁdential communication. '
A At the end of it, Dumont straightened himself, and
then pointing toward Nick Carter, he said in Hindu-
,s?tanee:¥§ I ' it ‘~  v ,
A friend. Some daywhen
I-‘am gone, he will be your master. Tell him that you'll

.:j,\   ,, . '

.< The tiger with slow ﬂeliberation crossed to [where
: .[-Nick Carter stood, and  a moment looking up
7 into the face of the detective much as‘ anintelligent

" . . ‘dog might hair: 'done. _ ._ 4 ‘. i V,
 Then slowly he raised himselfupoil his‘hii,1d‘’feet
‘’  placediail-huge pay upon «either, of the =detéctive’s
  2' ‘ A‘ “i . "  ' V’ *
 lie pt_itreds0ii'tly;~’ﬁrst‘ihto one and then into
Etheygotherrof Nick Carter's and he rubbed the soft
,¥iri'£ ’ sis‘ jémrls 3a‘g/a'i:is‘£  ‘détectiveT's cheeks.

 
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
 

 one after the
hcgst1'¢’téhed'ih§:isél,¥|‘tipen.-the floor and

    i).l':. 

I" “That is as it maybe, Mr. Carter; at least, I am now

"on.‘l?hursdé:y of this week  take new quarters for 
.‘.Pfince%;and 1ﬁg_.’:.v V ,. ' ' ‘ 4 '. .

 upoh,all'-foursj{a,gé.in,, and with his a i

 

exactly as if he were a huge overgrown faithful l<it- -

ten. ,
“Now, Mr. Carter,” said Dumont, “do as I did. Get ?

down on your knees beside him, put your arms around
his neck, and whisper some words of endearment in
Hindustanee in his ears, using his name frequently." 

Nick Carter did so, and to his amazement the tiger 3
acted as if he comprehended every word that was said‘;
to him. . '

He showed every evidence of appreciation, and Nick 1
who was passionately fond of animals felt himself
drawn to this huge beast, and what had originally been
a perfunctory act of the expression of affection now
developed into the real thing.

He caressed the tiger sincerely; he patted the beast
and talked to it in low-toned Hindustanee; he whis-
peredto it as Dumont had done, and the tiger re-
sponded to every advance he made with thorough evi-
dence of appreciation. ‘

At last when he stood upon his feet again, the tiger‘
walked around and about the two men, passing be-
tween them and beside them, rubbing his sleek body
against them both as he passed; and Durnont laughed
in a low tone and with evident joy as he said:

“It is ratherlwonderful, Mr. Carter, even under the
circumstances, that Prince should take to you as readily
as he has done. He will be your friend now as long
as he lives, for that tiger is almost human in‘ his in-
telligence. Wherever he is when I am gone, he will
be yours. Get to him as quickly as possible 'when
that‘ event happens—and, when it does, please don’t'
forget what Lhave told you to-night.” ' A

-‘lI'l1§ remember,” said Nick‘-, “although I still believe '-
that you are mistaken in your conclusions.”
prepared for the event.” ' _

"How long does your engagement in the city con
tinue?” asked theidetective. * _ 

“Four weeks; and, by the way, there is one. thing
that I nearly forgot to tell you about.”

“Yes? What is that?’ ' V ' ~ .

“I cannot retain‘ these quartersihere, I only took
themytemporarilygfor the house’ has been sold, and

“Hide you~~séc1ired them, yet?’ . 4 '

wYes.~,,.p ‘ W i,- '4  I N . 1, V _  , 1

“Where<are"they'?’f='7‘ ' . ; ’ ‘
‘ V“I have ‘taken a studio apartment on the third  E
of ‘a.,.hou’sei'in'Twenty-eigllth Street which be‘a'rs*t1ie' '.;..i

,“ . 
. .. 1. V .»

:

  

   
 

 

  

;-

l ‘ same respective number as this one. I shall be there
K after Thursday—-—if I am alive." ’

t “Nonsense,” said Nick. ‘:Forget that part of it.”

1 ' “Very well, I shall be there after Thursday. I will
1, ;e. be glad, Mr. Carter, if you would ﬁnd several occa-
»“ fl‘ sions during the New York engagement to come
around to the Garden at the close~of the performance
Kg » pandwalk home with Prince and me.” _

 N “All right,” Said Nick, “I will be glad to do so.”
 “It will please me to have you, do it,-‘and it will af-
' fdrd opportunity for you and Prince to improve your
., acquaintance.” ; ' K A

‘.  “Good I” said‘Nick. "‘You may expect me; and now
 l I win say good nightf‘ ‘

, lg He crossed to the tiger, patting it upon the head
 Z  and said in Hindustanee: _ "

 r “Good night, Prince, old boy.” _

  p‘ when he shook hands with pumont, bade him good
i a ’_night also, and left the house.

     
 
  
    
  
  
    
  
  
 
   
   

V , y ; "CHAPTER V. i '
- _t pl ran s'rUmo, TRAGEDY.

,; was the following Monday morning just a week
 of the letter which began this story
 “ 3. {gig Carter, upon spreading open his morning
g ,‘ ,¢3d..;hgr-fﬁﬁollowing startling announcement:
r V iTIC§ER¢';I‘A:MF._-R SHQT. ’ _
A ,1 iatzitoxrr, VMGSP exrear or‘ ms cmuvrg

$'rR:Ai:¥tiELY.,i AssAss§NA'ran’r warns snenrme.
~ i if ’ I SURRQUNDS 'ENTIRE‘ AFFAIR.
‘  “ V_ W ‘Killed by ad B_uIIet~_Fired by an Un-
Vﬂquri, ' Wh,i£e’jPet: Tiger-ii was Asleep m

 _ pom WithyHinz. ‘ l ' ‘

‘'c,‘1siig;1c;cartét~iwas shockedwouid be to
V * ,'tiion{Aof mind withyextrerne-'niildness.
‘little ’_creden(eeﬂhe“had given -to “the

     
 
     
      
 
  
  
   

  

if  man had :ha,d- much. m_’ore7rca-<
, y- gtliarr he eouldpsexplaintbyf !}1¢1'°
 ya read the artide  Af°11°‘.“’-4

 
  
  
   
 

   

y ormauaptrén the

i method to get rid of thegtiger. —i

are James. “13umont,.Kthc . tigerrtaﬁmt but -

‘ ’ 'th'i'<:l,ose aiim‘ition;butr—¢nuld-.,, A . . .
S ‘W’ t "thaaw9I.s§’Y°i1?=l¥!?°W;‘h°“*.--this affair-3’ ‘  g: r is
' J  “Al!  l;:n_eie:a3ioi;t%it,”.replied therlieutenant, I

you k,noW,iboI:t

 
   

  NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. t 1:

Nick Carter had visited himionce at these rooms,
which looked out upon the street from the third floor
of one of the older buildings along that thoroughfare.

It was a building which went up only two stories
from the street, and was surrnoimted then.by a man-
sard roof in which the third elevation was located.

This apartment consisted of two rooms with a lava-
tory and clothes~c1osets between them. Nick knew
without even visiting the place again that it would be
impossible for any one to tire a bullet through a. Win-
dow into that front room from the street; and he
realized how entirely impossible it would be for any
intended assassin to have entered that room with the
tiger there on guard.

But suddenly he started to his feet, seized his hat, /L
and, without waiting for his breakfast or to inform any i V
of the members of his household of his intention, he
hurried toward. the studio in question, for he had re- V Z

membéred Prince,‘ the tiger, and he very much doubted . 5.
if any one had been able to approach the body of the  if:

dead tamer since the assassination. s
As he hurried along the street he feared that even

now he might be too late to save’; the life of Prince, V ‘v if

whom the police authorities would not hesitate to shoot »
in order to gain admittance to the room. , i

As he approached the house, he saw. that already a
crowd was collectedibefore the cloorof it,rbut he pushed . l
hisway past them and ran up the stairs to the third .
floor where, as he hadanticipated, half a dogzenipoiice-lg‘
men were already congregated, and they were at the‘ l
moment indulging in , speculative possibilities for a; L 

But, Nick had arrived in time; nothing had  i
done save only that the door had been opened as ‘far 
as a chain inside oil: would permit, and several  
sons had peered into the room {to discover; what   if
have palreadyiheard dcscribedg.  v ,_ pi '  
L Nick‘Ca1itet‘ waskzmwn to. the lieutenantin charge. 
of the oﬂicersiat the house,  he explained in as rm 5
words asapossibiegthat hehad a ipersonal,acquaintainee7
with the dead tiger-‘tatner, candlalso that he wasloziii
friendly terms: ndthl tlief-»animal,~itself,%r  A » 9;; '

“I will .gofin.sid_e,  inn moment,” helteld
the liéulmant, if‘and{jI will take the tiger out ofyfhe f
way; biit,fi;rst:..I' iwou’ldt1i,kc you to explain‘ tome lwhatl "

   

Which'awas ,Stm,day as
' o’.¢¥0i:i<. tile‘  ‘

 

 I2

of terror, he tells me, ever since Dumont and his tiger
have lived in the house; but he says there was some-
thing so moumful and pathetic about the animal’s
cries that he stopped in the hallway and listened. After
a moment he rapped iipon the door, but he received no
response and heard nothing whatever save the con-
tinued whimpering of the beast. ,

“Then he called aloud to Dumont, addressing him
by name, ‘but after repeated calls, to which he re-
ceived no response, he gathered courage enough to turn
the knob of the door and push it open just a crack.

He saw then that the chain was up inside as it is
now, and emboldened by that fact he pushed the‘ door
open to the extent of it so that he saw—¥the same thing
that you just no\v saw, Mr. Carter.”

“The body of Dumont stretched upon the couch over

there?” °

“Yes." - ,-

“And that was at what time did you say yesterday
afternoon?”

“About four o'clock ,as nearly as the ‘janitor can
ﬁx the time.” ' '
- »“Is he sure that Dumontwas (lead at the time?"
“Certainly, he could see the bullet-hole in his fore-
head.” '
 “VVell, what next?”
T .  “The janitor closed the door and ran outside tovgive
 ,_ the alarm. It was Sunday afternoon, and mighty few
people were on the, street. He says that he looked
around for a policemanbut could not ﬁnd one, and so
helegged it with all the speed he could muster for the
‘station-house.” ' '  i
it‘. ' “Aindgreported the affair at the desk, I suppose?”
T ‘ ' ‘f‘Yes.” .  ‘T V‘ A '1
“Some pfﬁcers came around, he e with him?”

V '-“I came and two 'other polic , en with me.”
,,,j_.‘f\ve11, what‘happened;si§ieé 2’! ’ .
  lieutenant laughed _uneas’iIy  he replied:
1 '.‘fNothing7 has happened isinee   C_arterl;
 nothing could lappen with that tiger 'in.tl_}eroom. No-«

 

 
 
 
   
  
    
   
   
     
   
 
   

g.-ggrgéna ;from, the. Qstation-house made a‘ great story ‘
  some of the circus peop1e..?”. I
,,,:“Yes,.xiie  farafnd wide for some one to -get that V
 oi,  rnsiﬁ».-b\1,t%;it.;wa_s Sunday ; night,’ and
 fwhp  “of, accomplishing it. was
 .1 have 1°35‘?

   
     

   
  

 

 
 

p  dared to enter it, and the reporters tfyyho, followed I 

NEW .NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“So," said Nick, “nobody has entered that room
since the death of the tiger—tanier?”

“No, sir; you can bet your life on that.”

“Stand back away from the door ‘then, lieutenant,”
said Nick, and he approached it quickly.

But the lieutenant put out a detaining hand and
caught him by the arm.

“You're not going into that room, are you?" he '

asked tremulously. '

“I certainly am,” replied the detective, smiling.

“But the tiger will kill you."

“On the contrary," said Nick,"‘he won't hurt me.
He’ll be glad to see me, Stand aside, lieutenant, and
let me pass.” i

He drew a pair of nippers from his pocket, and,
having opened the door to the extent of the chain, sev-
ered thatimpediment, and then with a smile _and a nod
toward the frightened lieutenant. passed inside the
room and closed the door after him.

i The tiger was stretched prone upon the floor at the
foot of the couch where the body of Dumont was ly-
ing; then the animal raised his huge head as Nick
Carter intruded upon its sorrow, and, seeming to rec-

ognize him at a glance, started to its feet whimpering ,

mournfully as it did so. ’

/ Nick, without an _instant’s hesitation, crossed quickly
to the animal, and,‘ dropping down beside it,Aput his
arms around the creature's neck as we have seen him
do once before, and began whispering words of en-
dearment rto it in the I-Iindustanee language.

All animal-tamers would tell you here that the smell
of blood resulting from the death-wound that Duinont

_ had’ received should have enraged the tiger to a point

of.fury; but that s not so, and very rarely is so.

The smell of blood tloesnot necessarily enragesuch

a beast unless they- have been taught to associate it
with slaughter, or unless they are suffering with the
pangs of hunger. , ~ . » S ‘ ‘

' But Prince" in all his life had never been fed upon
meat that was not cooked and salted, and the smell of
blood, therefone, had no signiﬁcance for’ himowhateveri

The animalseemed to know and?to.under'stand that

in. calamity of somekind had happened. : .

;~_He looked _up:int,o‘the face oiffNi<:k Carter with a:
strangely monrnﬁil expressions in hiseyes, and’ then T

with a sign‘:or:i;a.kgmtc;t;;i.,ne:.z,i%tew. himself uponsthc

between‘ his I =  *- .-

1

ﬂoorlagair1;§at5~thet;fooi,&_o£ the ‘couch resting his head

‘ The detective, a’fter.ipatt;ing Prince once more 
way of,reassuranoe, gave himself up to the taskiioi 
. .stu<_ly_ing hisgsurroundings andof endeavoring tosceg. 

4.‘

  
 

 l

 ‘ » *-

  

NEW NICK icanraai WEEKLY. _ « « :3

s : count in some way for theiuntimel'y§death‘ of Jim Du~ " haddone, must have passed so closely to the top of

s  fnonit,‘  ' ' K the frame of the window as almost to graze it, if not

 ' _‘ ‘His first idea had been that the tiger-tamer, unbal— actually to do so. ' ‘ '
 anced by the great sorrow of his life, had shot himself Mentally determined to have that measurement and

L  ffto death; but the first searching glance the detective angle taken with absolute exactness before he should
  gave arounclthe room convinced‘him that this was not permit the body to be moved even so much as the ‘ M
7 so, for not only was thereno ﬁrearm in evidence any- fraction of an inch, Nick Carter got upon his feet,
whereinear the couch=,_-butithereywas not one to be seen and, after another pat or two uponthe head of the
 any part Of the room. 7 ' ~ crouching tiger, he gave his attention to other portions 
“ The couch itself of/an ordinary pattern softly of the room. “‘
upholstered in leather‘and rather luxurious. . ‘

 {It s}ood.against the wall’ at one side of the room ,  »
ingaposition ‘so; tii%!tiity‘,f3°‘3d th°’tW° £190‘ Windows. CHAPTER VI. V 3f
gm pf which was open at the top, the upper sash hav-" , ’

3;; ‘b¢§¢g1,.pu_;1gdt.n*early,’all.the way down; Itinstantly . T NICK CARTER5 SLENDER CLUE-

,occii§§edi‘to ‘the d‘ete<:_tive -that the bullet; which had

 5;; Dugnontrfﬂlligllf have-becin ﬁred from the ivindow

   
  
   
   
   
    
 

 

V Theinterior of‘ the studio was not unlike any other 5 s
T y M ., _,  ~ . ‘ s t _ . , apartment of the same character in that’ locality; M f
3?’ i3.l°“5¢ ~°l3P°55‘° 9"’ f‘.'°“‘; the‘ ‘roof of one of the It has been said that it occupied the mansarcl roof‘ 
hi i’ 53 i if A "'3“"".5m"’.. °f _/th.eiism.¢~°t’i   of the‘ builcliﬂgﬁand. we will understands by ithatifact
it * V e°°E’f7§3§“?d piacmg ms. Qw" heal? "ls that the walls slanted inward from ﬂoor to ceiling,thi:s  
.tYi’il° "lt'§fith¢id°adtAma"’ihi°—~1¢°k°d’i”‘t9 leaivilﬂgi an embrasureati each window.  A "  
 whihhr the bug?‘ must}/lave‘ come?’ ‘i i There was a skylight aipproxiinately eight fcegsquiafel 
 ‘saw at lad‘ iglancéihati it wail: <liI’€t:tlyi:o\?er the center of the tooth, bat   V is
   "V ; I   ;  ;  V. of groundgglass, iitais; entirely cigiaque, ianéiwastﬁrrnlys
,,;to.5ei seen on the oppqsite and siecurelygfastened by ‘hooks inside; moreover, every"
N pane of iglassit ctilntainedi was perfectlylisounid‘,  T
‘¢fu1~ Aexaminatioti Qllielily‘ ,d¢;V‘CIQ1?Cd,i,th:€i faetkfthst‘ .

. .nqt_o{tieoithem had beengdistiirbcdrl     ‘
i. 3; _i3Q0kcéses rlineditlzjeavialié oppyositie theTeon’el,1y,ya square
 s tahlé’o¢CupiQd the centerfof-‘theyroon1.jben§afl1_.thei;
 tiglu.;j5easeis «sqnpqrting pictures jsteod as tweiobt
 'i‘¢0t11¢¥1§,;iorna:nentssattdfobjeets of  paintinigsi ad
 ,.cing=‘ravi;tgst’ icuitios -a:1rts.other.'articIes’j;i,stlge incl were
‘ dlstrtliuted yisticallyi.everywher¢l’i  y '

  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
   
   
     
 
  

  
 
  

     
   
 
   
 

  

 54'

As Nick Carter stood in the middle of the room
-near the table studying the situation, it became evi-
_ dent to him that Dumont, tired of reading and smo-

king, and contented with the fact that this \vas his
one day of rest from performances at the circus, had
‘ thrown himself upon the couch to take a nap.

. The tiger-tamer’s feet were clothed with aipair of
grass Chinese Slippers of the half-sandal variety, he
woretno waistcoat, collar, or tie, but had donned an
old, faded and much~worn smoking-jacket befgre he
lay down to rest. The expression of the dead man's

H face was such as to indicate that death had come upon
 , ‘him instantly; as if the mere impact of the bullet
i ii," against his forehead had been sutlicient to kill him,
g V or to stun him even if the missile had not penetrated
_ his brain. There was a half-smile upon his features
, {as if he had been dreaming pleasantly when the shock
 came. His attitude was one of entire composure, in-
 édicating that he had had no warning of his approach-
 doom and no premonition of his fate other than
,p“,til'Iat described to the detective during the ‘interview
fwe have witnessed. ‘ V '
lj .Tl1cre_ was just one fact evidentto the detective upon
‘Which a theory of the crime might be built, and that
was that the bullet that had killed Dumont came upon
Peiitspdeath-bearing errand through that open window.
 ._,.B.ut/even that surmise could go no further; at least,»-
 forithe immediate present.
  Nick Carter had crossed to the window and_
 buildings on the opposite side of the street
 potaldi-see’thempplainly enough ;. but -it happened that
, they buildings unusually low storied, and the po-
' M 5'  situation of the window was such that a
 even from the roof of one of them through
, 'of.the window, through which the bul-
». * innxsthave come ‘would’ have irnbedded itself in the
 oriiﬂithe f~__the room where Dumont was
kil3ed,jsi_x”-or eight  a_bove‘where_~he was lying, at
:.;};¢_,vc:ry; l_east._;: ’     ‘ .
it ' rder thatta   upon the roof of
 _, i ' rbuildingg f¥0B!_7 ’fth,8t=,ﬁbul1et.could have
 in Sacha bnelrnust=-'-have foundafrneains. of.
T ’ "‘£ronLsix:to‘ten feet*into,the«j’aiir,abov}c~ it. and
 evident thatjhis could tiot,'bcei1
 , iwitlioutptlie aid of a sstep-ladder or of
'  thingealculated to perionn they §¢1fV‘-

 

  
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
 
  

     
 

   
   
  
  
 
    

 

) .

 at fh‘ef‘v\’rindow , look? .“
rt of where the sash

 

NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 ,, As on that ‘ other occasion

his eyes and in doing so made a discovery which in-
stantly interested him.

It was a very slight one indeed, and probably would
not have attracted him at all were it,not for a certain
small and apparently unmeaning incident that had
‘happened on the occasion of a former visit to this
study, when he had gone there one night to pass an
hour in the society bf the tiger-tamer and his pet.

The month was June, as the reader will remember,
and the time was now almost the second week of it.
June is the month of hdney-bees, and upon that former:
occasion Dumont had told Nick Carter of a remark-
able thing he had seen that same day; remarkable only ‘
because it had happened in the City of New York.

It was that he had been troubled that morning by V
dozens of honey-bees flying about his window and into
the room, and in showing Nick Carter where they
had entered and expressing his wonder that they had
been there at all, he had drawn the detective to the win-

dow and pointed to the very spot on the frame of it
at the top at which Nick __Carter was now looking when
he made the discovery that immediately interested him.

In pointing at that spot at the time Dumont had ex-
claimed:

“Look, Carter, there are two or three of them there
yet.”

And so there had been at the time; and Nick Carter
had stood upon a chair! to observe them more closely -
and to discover if they were in reality honey-bees. /

This incident is related only to make the reader un- _ ,
derstand why and how Nick Carter was enabled to de_-‘ a .,
termine that the thing he now discovered had not been ‘
there when he was examining that very place in: the “
frame of the window on a previous: occasion.‘ , V

The discoyery itself was merely two small holes in 
the framework} of the window; holes'tha_t_wfere not ,'
more than "a quarter of an inch in diameter and which

 

\ would readily have been ‘made  screws of that size ; it

driven into the woodwbrk. ‘ i  ,
The detective knew very well indeed that,had‘thok I A
two holes been there when he was studying the hoqey- 
bees he would have seenthem, and he would certainly?
haverentembered them, But he had‘no“recolle<_:tion"oif"
their presence there, and he knew, positively thatipthcy
were of reccnticreat_i,on. = ‘V V 1 ,  _ T ' , -g  
, 4‘   tam: ‘
‘W1. 89‘ *t373¥*di%!l5?“ Wlilllhis mas?~*I35?5.".2Ti$iEi«l"‘-Fl’
he t.tt.v_,r1.ii"‘::‘|.,"t’1=_er..x1."1'v~"’,*tbJ ¢3"ic¢.f,1**’.'s;¢ri-tiny-t  2 l
M,’ IiI¢.iSat§V',o'nly ' T
perhaps’ one.:*'.ad1 , 

  
  
       
       

 
 
 
 

  

 a hard substance at sbme14<ind‘whichfh‘ad‘1eft_ its
jﬁndelible impression; ‘ i I l l T o ' . L ' ‘
" Whatever that substahce wéis it must have Been ﬁat

‘tititi smooth, and wiitiieuti /the‘ ’maghify’in‘g~gIass the de-
*  wmildnot 1;av’e' ziismered the evidence of it
, ‘at-gait.  ' '  " '

.l A Whﬁtgeef it may liahé béen,jit’had been placed there
 and teinoved, and that withih a ‘very short time, for
 mi; Sunday wlieh -]im.fDurnont was killed was only
 meet third day:~.-bfihecitiger-tamers occupancy of the
 smidiv, and 0313” tmyjseeond, dtay since Nick Carter's
 inf theihtiiiey—1§ee& .’ 7  i i ’ ' i A V
l*The‘detectii%  spe ‘almost an hour in search about
beset Troinriis for ‘the ;s,é‘réws.. and the hat ‘object that
4i we in p1aee,:“but?;ii6t"‘only waIs“the‘r{e' no _Ve‘vVidence of
mémmf, ggzsfoiid, betthere” was ‘ﬁne tool or implement

l _€v-iiiig~htLhave been aifivgm, " ‘M ‘ _
his seatcli’ of the apirthiehtsx he was
Q45 the dooitanid paijtlybc opch itlito q_u_ell

  
  
   
  
     

    
 
  
    
     
 
   
  

it mig he e1tiﬁ’r;ed~tOih3.S task-with iIf€ﬂf3J\h7€>(l_irt‘siSt-

I

6? V L ‘a’ niitt°e‘dothers.'

    

NEW NICK’ - ‘C2\RT‘ER ‘ WEEKLY.

ef theﬁflicers :who were waiting. out-‘V. ‘ L
ve?tt3.lL_ﬁiIn€'SV:\ft;at?e§lh_l;l1at. ?l1‘_e‘had‘.l?°¢¥1l~ ‘haves inflicted that wound; Jthe.r’e' was the o9
‘ haps eaten‘ imp by the :‘t‘iger; but

~§et.i‘;I: hséi  K9‘ W0i“§d:'iﬁ ii, seine .ex13laI1#t5°“.__. ? Jaimes Dufiiontzs ptemonitiqns oisideath hadqcorne

»  confide ‘hints-itti suret_g4'.;ven sé>enei—..thaj:‘a he he 2:

:,i s bised ;the".tameé;- hew0ul_d do. 

Is

unable to explain, the animal had been attracted there
without being angered or‘ even’ excited. ‘

But he had gone to the window. That was evident;
and he had stdod upon his hind feet, had rested his
fore paws first uponsthe chair and then against the
casing of the window, and there were the two screw-
holes to give mute evidence that some person had also
been near that window. . " * ‘

Nick Carter was convinced that James Dtimoitt had
not been instrumental himself in ‘making those holes.

If he had done so there would have been some evi.-i gs:
dence of the fact left in the apartment; Therewoixld 
have been the sniooth plate which seemed to have been" 
pressed against the wood, and there would have been i
found the screws themselves and the instrument fQt' J‘.

: driving them.

' But none of these facts were in evidence." ‘ _  M 
‘_There was the dead man on the couch with the  
"let-hole in his forehead; there was the open; iiiinclbiv 
thﬁough which the; leaden missifeimustt‘ha\_-e cdmge‘ to 

  
  

es‘

    

   

Iabijave the roofs of the hotises eppositei it; the: _ 
 screw+ho1es—‘,in the 1vindo\v—’frame,‘%.fk3 Lthtit ‘#535 £31.. X

   
  
   
 
  

    
  

pated. Nick ’Citftef was‘ célted  to ta
session inf 1hélctig'er,..>his“ inhetitahee; as he fhfati iﬁrom-
?.*‘*3"7“?"“*.'

 

  

16
CHAPTER VII.
THE MARK OF A PENCIL'POINT.

When Nick Carter approached the door and opened
it he found the coroner and the coroner’s' physician
Fa-waiting him in company with the lieutenant and the
4' other oﬁicers. ’
V “Lieutenant,” said the detective, “I am going to ask
A.  you and the officers to wait outside the room for a few
, I moments longer while I talk with the coroner.. That
 is, sir,”~ he added to that oﬂicial; “if you are not afraid
toenter this room with me while the tiger is here. I
I . ,: assure you he is perfectly docile.” ‘
4, ..._But the coroner, as well as his physician, utterly re»
4. T, ‘fused toenter the apartment while the tiger was there,
 and so; Nick Carter was perforce compelled to lead the
_  “animal into the rear room, where he closed the door
» mponthim. ,
‘ “Now,” he said to the coroner, when he had ad-
 mittcd that gentleman, withhis physician, “I have al-

,E

  
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
 
  
    
   
  
    

""C§S‘,_¢Y.~_C0l‘OIl42I', ‘but I do not care to enlarge upon it at
s.1'1'§.¢*i,Pl’E5¢!3‘l moment, since I ‘am by no means certain of
ji my premise; but if you care to assist me there are cer-
tainthings which I very much wish you to ‘do; you’
and your assistant, who is with you."

‘ rter,’{, replied the coroner. _
“Very ,well, if youfand the doctor will step this way
wilﬁshéw‘ you something.”

He} pointedgio the bodyiand then
in tlietorehead, andvsai-dz.’ .
first to call your attention to the fact that”
 trthideby bullet is not the usual round ’

,_;9iI:l1ii=h I tl3ink7‘shoii1d,appear in this case. It has a
‘  Land jagged appearance, don't you agree with

to the bullet—hole

     
 

\

‘fggjtite so‘.’Mr. Cam.-1-."‘ '  ‘a V A ‘
‘then, after I have carried out certain
‘ .n3if5nnHV*hiclti‘I wish you to to, I willask
_euto'psy fan‘ this _body‘<%md_;ﬁ_nd‘ that bul-

_,'svi’:', like to have you place. it in; my

_th&.hra5n of an  man-",

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.
\

7‘.-fﬁﬁdyi decided upon a partial theory regarding this ti

‘fl. Shall be glad to do anything you suggest, Mr. »

:‘;,ctl§§fiin';tjlglc;7jcon:dition_,,in which you ﬁnd  Z V V M W 3 V‘  W
  ’ l   i ‘  - - v'ho..1¢£in*-Ii.m Dumant’.s.£oreh¢a¢.3"et.sstabIi$lnd«‘%tn¢"

  
'i *?“t?‘*i‘¥*t’1‘5?. the tiniest  , -
~ :« ﬁredansls

, ; ' It required only a moment:for-the -detective.to~_eit3 
plain to the young engineer wmwas desired of ihi,n1,, ‘ 

“I would like you also to be able to tell me, judging
from the position in which you now ﬁnd the body, ex-‘
hctly at what angle it entered the brain, so that we
may be able to determine by taking careful measure-
ments now exactly at what point the bullet passed
through the open window yonder."

“Do you think it came through that open window?"
said the coroner in surprise. '

“Without doubt."

“But how? Where did it come from?”

“I have not yet determined that." .

“It didn_',t come from the roof of that house oppo-
site.”

“I have just told you, coroner, that I have not yet’
determined the answer to your question. The meas-

urements we will take now, if you are willing to delay 1
your investigation until we do so, will help us to‘de-
termine that.”

“Very well.” .

Nick stepped to the door again and summoned the
lieutenant and said to him: ,

“Two blocks down on the other side of Broadway,
in the building at the southeasfcorner, there is a civil
engineer named Burrell. I wish you would send one
of your men to his oﬂice, lieutenant, and have him ask
Mr. Burrell, with my compliments, if he will come up ,
here for halfari hour and bring withhimlhis instru-
ments for taking exact measurements of short angles.”,_
’ ‘While they were awaiting the arrivaI'of the civil -t
engineer for w om Nick Carter had sent, the detective’
explained in p rt the result of the investigations he V
had alreadj'r' made, and he succeeded in satisfying the
oﬂicial that there was no doubt that this was not a ‘L
caseof suicide, but was one of deliberately planhed '
mttrder, conceived and carried out vsith a degree of _,

ﬁendishness which was almost beyond the comprehen-A .
‘ \

sion of the average man. i .p I .2, 4

Burrell, who happened to be in his office when thejl
messenger arrived, seized his instrun1'ents.and.catnc at“ 
once, and was sopn-admitted to the room where Nick 
Carter and the coroneriand doctor awaited.h'im.;   

  
   
    

   

and then; with the aidoi the,coroner,'s physician, 
bro1t.s’l,!t~,~hia probe  into. the angle of: an 

    

   

tr°in'»§t.ahél:s1?¥i *ts;":i?<%:t*?=i.slasw=s   
in; line ~’with   ibullst  
betweﬁﬂ-.. the mntzzlle’ of    qnhicli fit; '

 
 
 
  

  

the holer:in;f£lmnont’si{, 
  n4l:¢ss¢t¥r.;‘.andti“

    

   
 
 

     
 

  

  

‘j engineer worked over the problem, but at last he
straightened his back, and, standing upright, uttered
asigh of self satisfaction. ; ,1

“Now, Mr. Carter,” he said, “if you will bend down
here and look through the glass, you will discover
something that will surprise -you.”
I “What will it be?" asked Nick.

yours.”
“Well?” Y ‘ ,

.“Did I understand you that the bullet which killed
it that man must have come through yonder open win-
; ’ dow ?” .
g , uYes'u _
[' ,“When you look through the glass, Mr. Carter, you
 will discover that it did not do so.”

“I don’: agx-ee_with you,” said the detective. A
_ “when you look through that glass,” insisted the
; >..jciv§1 engineer,‘ “you will ﬁnd that the bullet could not
 have cgmé through t_hat open window without leaving
thgiwindow-frame a mark of its passage.”

4 “That is,” said Nick, “presupposing your calcula-
yuan; am correct, Mr. Burrell.”
791 am asstiming that they are correct, Mr. Carter,
‘_r;i.thé reason that I_kri'ow'them to be so, Ijiave
“fairer: eitact measurements. and I have followed them
that thousandth of an inch. I know them to be

."\

 

 
 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
 

’ \

‘iwighoug‘.l£urther‘-iargument the detective got down
is hifknees andpeered through the lenses -of. the
L‘ f ﬁggcope, which the civil engineer had arraiiged
as agqhe young man had. said. A
', lenses 'of_the._glass did?‘ ‘not point through the
n’o£”the.wihdew, butinstead they directed his
_»§gainst“'a,“P<5i'tion'of*»;it; which brought a sud-
acciamation of astonishrnent‘to~ the lips of the de-
5, iigsgaﬁgd hastily to his feet and crossed the
wiqdow_— . . . . .

‘ uporgthe chair llvasfihe jhad ialreadyi done

  {eagerly through it, again. .

 
     
    
   

them risitig slowly _ to-‘ his
uis;ey‘es~’ from the pointvof

‘  mountede‘Tt_he~‘?ehair

1

  
 

 :91‘ “Beeus9‘r°u therein

  
  

“Pardon me if I ask a question before answering V

NEW NICK ‘CARTER WEEKLY.

~ to do this.”

ee;¢li‘e_:i1ad, entered} that room, but 
hm “only an instant-, -returning’ at,‘on’ce'to, M by ’
— as he moved forward_..at' last climbing upon the chair Z

 I58igh»ted»~along thetop ;o:f, .'l**‘,~‘ 5P°t,88ainSt which his ' 

5.,
it

 were‘ ﬁxed,’ he .-

‘and reaching ‘out’, to , touch

frame, and then, producing a pocket—rule, he spent a
few moments in making careful measurements and cal-
culations.

Satisﬁed at length with what he had done, he de-
scended and replaced the chair where it belonged, but
again, as if to make sure of his assumption, he re-

_turned to the telescope and took another survey

through it. p

Rising at last to his feet, he was silent for several
moments while he thought deeply; then, turning to
the coroner, he said:

“Coroner, I wish you would get down there and
look through" that glass. After you have looked
through it and have satisﬁed yourself as to the point
on the window-frame where it directs your eyes, please

doas I did and sight from the top of the telescope in 7

order to make sure. Then "peer once more through the
lenses in order to render yourself doubly certain, and
after that keep your eyes upon thepoint on the win-
dow-frame that you have so seen. While you do so,
walk toward the_window-frame, climb upon the chair
which I will place there for you and put your ﬁnger as
nearly upon the point at which your eyes were directed
as it is. possible for you to do so.”

. “All right," said’ the coroner, “I suppose you know
what you're about, even if I don’t.”

“Oh, yes," replied Nick, “I know what I'm about, I
all right. One moment, if you please; coroner. Doc- I

tor, after the coroner: has done as I have directed, I
wish you to do exactly the same in every
Will you oblige me ?”
“Certainly,” replied the doctor.
, “And you, Burrell-—-I" would like your testimony in
this matter also.”
“Very good,” said the civil engineer. A
“Now, gentlemen, if your will proceed, I will pres-
ently explain, in par-t,at least, why I have asked you

The coroner took a considerable length of time“in
making his sight, but at last he crossed the_ room as
Nan; Carter had doniria little while‘ before, keeping his
eyes‘ ﬁxed upon a._ certain point ofthe window-frame

sight . had?  ‘directed; '

lfﬁttt, _x‘vitl1a,hii;.?¢;_k,iiin<}\.piin1ost touching it, he lafoppedl‘

and turned_ to the ‘detective. '
- ]‘‘It isn’t rieééssary for me to_mark the '
i31¥‘.!19i

as ,

 p i y  
‘I  donerso.” I

  

I7

particular. V A’

 

ce,”lj§e pi 

        
 
   

 I ‘killed by a

fix)‘ ‘ -:-g‘. .

  

18

“Have I?" . .

“Yes, there is a mark of a pencil-point here on the
wood." ,

“Very good, coroner, you may step down. Now,
doctor, if you will please carry out my instructions.”

The coroner's physician followed the same care-
ful method that had been pursued by the others, and
presently he also got upon the chair by the window
and reached out as the coroner had done to touch the
designated spot. I

But he turned with a smile and remarked:

“I find it as unnecessary as the coroner did to indi-
cate the spot, Mr. Carter. You have already marked
it.”

"Very good; thank you,” said the detective. “Now

I desire you both to remember that fact and be pre- ‘

pared to testify to it if it should be necessary.”
"We will,” they replied one after the other-
“Now, Mr. Burrell, it is your turn,” said the de-
tective.
The civil engineer, with ‘a smile upon his face, did

a as direct , but he, being accustomed to the use of his

glass and to running angles and tangents, consumed
much less time than they had done, and he was pres-
eirtly abte to announce that his investigationi took him
also to the markthat had been made by the pencil-
poltit in Nick Carters hand.

a.'...J_l'—adJ. .

CHAPTER VIII.
THE BE'l‘ECTIV’E’S REJIARKABLE THEORY.

“I confess,”gsa_id the coroner, “that I do not exactly
understand the signiﬁcance of all that business, and I

’ woald like to ask  Carter, what it has todo with

‘my part, that is, with my oﬂicial part of this case.”
“It is your business, is it not, coroner,” asked_ the
aletéottve, with a s'ml1'e,i “to ascertain and to anhollnce
to the world how James Dtirnorit  to his death?"
“Yes.” ‘ " 7
ii “We know by implication already that he ‘was
 ﬁred by a person at present unknown

-‘r ‘

tons?”

“Certainly.” , «

_ “And ur1der‘m-dinafyitifcumstallées such would be
 yodr verdict if you are ’
 '>“Yes."
 '.]'1.“I_f‘,‘we were to follow

     ﬁntlow

not corrected ‘and directed as

 tangent drawn  the aid

 

 

gt’
/

 

')3;,r‘  ‘

 

NEW i\’ICK‘CARTER‘ WEEKLY.

if we were to accept that tangent as absolutely un-
deniable evidence of the course of the bullet, we
would be compelled to assume. by what we know»,.that
the pistol was tired inside the room, since the bullet
could not have entered at that window at the angle
that seems to have been used without having first
penetrated the upper part of that window-frame.
Am I righbor am’ I wrong?” ~

“You are absolutely correct.”

“\Vell, we know beyond the peradventure of a doubt
that there was no person inside this room when that
bullet was ﬁred.”

“Yes, I think we may assume that.”

“\Ve know by the architecture of this house that a
person could not have hung down from the roof and
reached inside the window to ﬁre such a weapon, and
there are many reasons why _that premise would not
be tenable either.”

“Yes.”

“One of the reasons, and the only really important
one, is that if :1 person had reached inside the win-
dow to lire a pistol at the sleeping man it would not
have been at that angle, and the pistol could not have
been held where it ‘must have been held to fire that
particular bullet.” »

“Yes, I quite agree with you_.”

“NOW, coroner, there is ‘no mark in that window-
frame to indicate that a bullet has passed through it.”

' "No; certainly not.”

“And has it also occurred to you that a bullet could
not pass through that window-frame at that angle
without also,.passing through a good many inches of
wood and slate also?” ,
“That’s» true, Mr. Carter, I haven’t thought of
that.” ii '

“And yet, coroner, in View of all that, we are con-
fronted by the unmistakable and positive evidence that

the bullet must have come through that window in-

order to have inflicted. the wound it did. It was not

self-ihﬂicted, since there is no weapon "here, and you

will agree with me that the trial! died instantly.”

“Yes.” _ ' '

“It was not ﬁred froth inside the room‘ because the
door was chained inside and there was no possibility
of any persons enteringthe room and leaving it with-
out establishing evidence of the fact.”

“That is true.” ' " ‘

‘ I

“Yet thelbullet‘ entered the ‘room somehow add it i

killed "the man-. There is your ‘proof of that stretched

upon the’ couch. ‘.Y_tmtler”--lie pointed toward the

   

 

  

— .inl$dow—--“is the only place where the bullet could
hire entered without leaving the mark of its passage,”

- t The coroner nodded.  ‘ M ,

‘ffTherefore,’’ said the detective,»with emphatic de-—
 cision, “although it seems ‘impossible, yet -we are
~ brought face to face with the undeniable evidence that
e the bullet entered there,” and he pointed toward the
i open window. ‘ A
I » “Burrell's measurements must be wrong,” said the
, coroner, with a.shrug of his ‘sh0.t11derS§

',+ "Bunell’s measurements are correct; I am satisﬁed
, 051' that,” replied the detective. '
it  l‘l‘Then how could ‘a bullet enter that window
gbout» leaving‘ a mask ?”

The detective. smiled broadly and’ replied:
'.,'.,‘I‘ once upon a time heard a storyabout a man
-  had ‘killed a hundred “pigeons that had alighted
I upon‘ a hay-stack and all around it, on every part of it.
Hejwasa smooth liar, that fellow, and he explained the
Impossible feat by asserting that he bent the barrel

with-

  
   
 
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
     
   
     
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 

i5b standing close tothe hay?-stack and ﬁringthe gun
 bullet passedaround and round it until it had killed
 pigeon that had lighted there.”
.‘.‘Oh,,nonsen§e, I heard,,that myself when I was a
3.’ said the coroner, with ashrug. , I

 ‘only referred to that story, coroner, for the ..
 preparing you for an illustration I am
. :o‘mare.i’ , *  t  
’ V what‘.is=it?”  e‘» i V ~ , .

. here to "the window with me for a minute;
. .. 7d0etor’t; and you. B.u.rre1l.’t’ 2 " I 
’llo’A,edih,'tm to the window beside the chair

he  ectupward toward the spot \vh'e!‘§

farhzirsoa to."tw"cl',]holes as
ii-.‘!I't3/.1l'l£.'-~i,,a!l§ directly below '

 

 

 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.‘

lo his gun so that it represented a_ quadrant, and then, ‘x

  had been seated when he read his:

304“ . ., i : ’

‘‘I5don‘‘t}fo,r the life ofime see what

'1‘3‘l..“‘.i5i""~e .

19

metal had been screwed fast there before the bullet
was ﬁred and has been removed since that time.”

“But how could it be removed,. supposing ‘it to be
there, and what good would it have done being there?"
demanded the coroner.

“One question at a time, if you please."

“Well, answer the last one first. What object could
have been attained by placing it there?” I

“A very simple one, coroner, when you stop to
think of it.”

“It may be simple enough, only I don’t see it.”

I “If such an object as I have described was screwed
to that wind0\\'—frame,‘coroner, it was done with only
one purpose in view.” I

“And what is that?”

“It was placed there to deﬂect the bullet that was
ﬁred against it.”

“By thunder!” exclaimed the coroner.

“It was placed there after careful measurements

had been made so that a person standing at some
given point outside the building, perhaps down on the

pavement of the street itself, could send a bullet

against it, and the bullet, striking the smooth surface

of steel, would ,be deflected at a right angle or at an ««

acute angle, as the performer might desire.” a

“That sounds to me like a theory that is rather far

fetched, Mr. Carter.”

“And yet, coroner, it is the only theory that in this
Particular Case willhold water.”

“Perhaps so, but it looks to me like rather a leaky
vessel at that.” e p 

‘fPossibly it is sorbet there are certain matters in

connection‘ with this case that would render it much  V

more simple if you were familiar with them.”
“What are they?” ,
For a moment the detective hesitated, and then he
replied with slow deliberation: I I
_“I”will assume a case, coroner, with your,permis-
sion. ‘
“Very well." , . ,
.‘‘DO, you happen to remember Ira Paine?” ,
“What, the world,-renowned pistol-shot of that
name?'3 . “ t I
I “Yes,.1I referred to him.”
“Well, what of him??? , V » A ,
‘_‘Let ‘us assume for’a’mome"nt‘that Ira Paine were
alive now; lct»us~‘also asslume thatinateacl of goinig
about the world giving exhibitions of his marksman-

? ship. he had sought’ employment in a vaudeville theater, -‘
we ‘will , say, and, instead of devoting’ himself. to 
‘straight shooting he gave his time and iattentionfto  I

centric rnarksrnanship.”

at, ‘Carter,-r  I suppose you know.”l

   
  

  

n'dfaj'stoj'.   t  , kt ,
A  mar smaustnp,

efit  I

you're.,getting; f
- . "sttpposepthat Ira Paine‘were‘etema;lly

  

 30

In a word, suppose he tried to hit the bull's-eye of a

H target at right angles from the direction in which he

pointed the pistol."
. "Well?" A
; I I "You would say on the face of it that such a feat
 ‘V gwould be impossible, wouldn't you?”
’ ~ ” “I should be very much inclined to say so.”
 “But don't you understand, coroner, that by con-
‘ . ‘ stant and continued practise he could ultimately man-
 n  ufacture a steel plate smooth oh the inside of‘ it from
~  which, if he held it at a ‘certain spot, a bullet would
 be deflected at exactly right angles from the way he
- ﬁred it, very like the angle a billiard-ball usually
takes?!’ . _ V
“Why-, yes;  should think that
 mathematically possible.”
9 , “Very well, coroner, that is all.” y ’
‘But I__fsay, Carter, do you mean to insinuate that
thejfthing‘ you have described has been done here?".
' “What I mean to say is that the bullet could not
ha f‘§,b5‘CI1_’ﬁl"§(I through that window and ﬁnd’ its mark
lpyhny other means’? > , ' 2
“ heseoronerpstoocl gazing at the detective in open-

 

 

 
  
   
  
 

such a thing would

   
  
 
  
         
   
   
   
    
  

1ﬂ$t¥.tll€£1"ai;1azcment, and at last for want of some-I

else to say, heiedemanded: . V s a
say, Carter, that brings us rback. to the other

-;IA;taati.lp:£prg¢ttén.”'  l a

VI

seenrisntterly preposterous to —rne+-,—-how was it
re in the 'ﬁrst«.place;-‘and, what ‘is’ more im-.
ﬁlaslilt‘ removediaftcr the man was shot?’_’
it’: tl2'ittl<,’»’ said‘the. detectiirer ',‘thar‘ under‘ the

  
  
 
 
 

'roorn’s- to ~*uv¢

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

lwintl0w—fra’ti1e anidwpointilng upward again, indicated

.e plate were there‘-aayou have described ‘

a there should befnothing in the hole“, should there?”

Itfwaslmown 
I . ‘-there’j‘until..it hardened.:'suﬁiciently . to hold} the up

 ltheputtyl would remain inqgach of the holesjto 
" .stt9i.§it$2Wi9il  the Jar sf rs: Witt 
 " steel .p1at.e; a‘ftet the putty ‘ha
I - '1°¢i8s‘ih£ .1>1=1t¢..'s°  Wstilﬁldal < 0. it 

-'L‘b¢ina.rdisl9dsedlit~'Would::c3rry,;»vxthr.i an

“Coroner," replied the detective, “:1 have already 3
determined the answer to that question in my own j
mind, and I have purposely waited until you were
presenthere with me to prove‘ my theory correct or 
false. If it is correct we will work ahead upon it to i
the ultimate conviction of the person who killed Du- 
mont. If it is false——if I do not find in that window- 
frame what I shall now seek in your presence, I will
admit that I am entirely in the wrong. and I will say
that the murder of James Dumont will ever remain a ,,
mystery. ‘

CHAPTER IX.
A TARGET [AT RIGHT A1goLEs.

The detectivelstepped forward closely beneath the

the two screw‘-holes"-that {have been so often referred‘ y
I0» - I it ,~: 
“If my theory about this matter is correct,”_he said, 
“I will find imbedded in those screw-holes a substance :3
which -will be ‘neither steel nor wood. If screws had i
been used tohold the steel plate in place and if they 
had been broken off inside ‘we would ﬁnd thestcel 
there, would we not ?” ' ‘ . ;
“Yes.” . L we f  ~ . - .

— “Iffscrews had been usedto hold the steel plate in 3
place and they had been removed in an ordinary way ‘

vi.
\

5:

‘ONO’?!

‘“If pegs beenlused to hold theisteel platein

yplaceiafter the holes‘, were made with pa ‘g2rn1et,I we
lswould now ﬁnd wood-inside.them,=,don‘.t you think 2?’ 
 4‘i‘Yes.’,'e   . ~ . _ .  :‘

.,~

   
  
 
 
 

  
  

.-‘5r‘ButIif a‘_'substancelil<e~ szisjniity-,_ rm» ::i§;aiice,«..p 
had been crowded into holes S,0'lmade_ .and;.T 

  
  

two~‘thirigs would ~b'e‘accomplishede.e" ,I~*id,l some

 
 
     
 

 would

    

   
  

rasath '&‘!rE.‘l§q"°ﬁ$”

puny to make *thosei‘ho1e§',appca

    
 

 uppagainst that woodwork with screws sufﬁciently
strong to have left its impression there, the thing could
not'be done with p_utty.’’ -

The detective smiled as he replied slowly:

“I did not anticipate that question, coroner, ‘but
nevertheless I am prepared for it.”

“How will you answer it?”

“Do you not understand, my dear sir, that a steel
plate such as I have been attempting to describe could
not be fastened snugly in such a manner with the
mere aid of putty alone Tr”,

“Well, haven’t,you' just said that it was done in
that way?” ‘ , *

“No; I said that screws were used first.”

“How do you ‘mean ?”

“I mean that when the person, came here to put
that plate in place it was first screwed fast to the
Window-frame with ordinary screws and a" driver.

1 Almost immediately one of the screws was removed
 and ‘the hole packed with putty, which_was pressed
i snugly into place, after which the operator waited
ﬁfteen or twenty minutes, or even half an hour, for
f
i

that first plug of putty to set and the rimming of the
8creW—hole in the steel plate would give a riveted ef-
fect to the putty outside.‘ Do you follow me ?”

‘ “I think so.” '
“After the plugging of the first hole and after time
been allowed sufficient for it to set, the second
‘,’Sc‘rew,would be removed and the same operation fol-
“lowed out; and after that the schemer and plotter
Wihlld-‘need only to wait a few minutes to be sags-
ie

I

ﬂed that no ordinary jar would displace it.

schemer could leave here satisﬁed at least that so’

 of the plot was consummated.”
1'‘ «But, Carter, you haven’t taken into’ consideration
the fact that Dumont,‘seate_d in this chair here all day
5 Slinday, or nearly so. readinghis papers, and having
.dr pped the top half of his window, must have dis-
CO. cred that steel plate up, there.’-’ . "
y. ._ :‘fVVell, what of it ?” - . ' ~ A
‘,,i"iiWouldn’t he‘ have "wondered what it was ?”
 -n’“ecessarily.»”‘.p I m “ ' -
- »., .A'f_1.—d.m.'t think it vvpuldihave attracted his attention
“ .3.ts~*_all.i , If he noticed it he probably assumed that it
~was"‘p1a§ed -there by .l'iis.*,friend_' from ‘whom he hired

 
  
    
  
    
  

'«iri'ittoe;ca;nineit ; ,_ K . _ _ A
 have-‘investigated it,” said thecoroner.

.3’.
6.

,,3,,i,bted1y.;. but you andjim Dumont are en-
 i;liﬁerent;t:haraéters.”' V ’ .. , ' ~ W
 ite  uzith;y:o,t,1,as to that.’'.* , e =
i‘ " 'iiiis*a.»man?who had traveled for years
 Itwas rarely,’ save ilﬁtthﬁ winter time.
a men  axweek or two, or three; at the’
in one ‘place.’ nhénian like him is not given to
A-‘man thing like the steel plate'I have
‘“ therglttract, him nor interest him.
'  ' iddliiltfiili-if‘hg' bestowed

      
 
   
 

:-‘f-

Jef a’-partmerit . and he was not sufficiently interested‘.

;i9r:.th¢t,‘§V3*f$l°W' §*5_*‘»1f»

  

‘ .- ' V NEW NICK cAR;rER WEEKLY. 2:

I had known him only a short time, but I had already
discovered that he was a crank at having plenty of
air and he preferred to have it enter at the top of his
windows‘ instead of at the bottom."

“\Vell, what does all this signify?"

“Simply what I have stated in preparation for my
further investigation.”

“You were about to test your theory?” ‘

“Yes.” . _

“And you expect to ﬁnd particles of
imbedded in those screw-holes .7"

“Putty or bread dough or plaster of paris; one.0f
the three, although I incline to the first one I have
named rather than to the others.”

“Why so ~

“Because putty would harden fast enough and se-
curely enough to answer the purpose; bread dough
would not be reliable and plaster of paris would smear
things in a way that might betray its presence and
use.”

_“Therefore putty. eh ?." asked the coroner. I

“Yes, I think so.”

“VVell, go ahead and test your theory.”

“No, coroner, I am going to ask you to do it for
me.”

“I? How so?”

' “Climb upon this chair, if you please. Fromiit you
will be able to reach those screw-holes. Take this pen-
knife, which is open. It will answer the same pur-
pose as a brad—awl and it is longer and more slender.

putty still

.Dig with it into those screw-holes, coroner, and tell

m_e what you ﬁnd."
The coroner with sortie evidence of reluctance

ginounted the chair’; slowly. with the little instrument

handedto him ..by Nick Carter, he began at once to
prod in the depths of one of the screw-holes.

As he did so an expression of amazement came upon
his ‘face, and. holding the palm of his left hand so that
it would catch and receive whatever particles of sub-
stance might fall, he presently extended the hand
downward toward the detective, exhibiting what he
held. , .‘

Nick" Carter perceived it ,with a smile of satisfac-
tion: the coroner’s physician gazed upon the contents
of his chief's hand in utter astonishment. ,

= Unmistakable particles of J hardened putty were
there;‘. and yet they were not so hard as another day
or two would have rendered them. 7 i

.. “You see,” said the détectivebas he assisted the cof-
oner down from the‘ chair, “my theory is established.
I purposely left the ‘testing of it until I should have"

sonic one with me to prove any assertions I ‘might I

afterward_ be called upon to make before a jury or

court. You can both testify to thelfact that ‘I e’x-' L
plained fullv to you what I expected to ﬁnd, and” that.

a

afterwardil found it.” ~'
“Yes," they both agreed. ’ ,
“So_."* continued the ‘detective,

'39’ 

it. p, j _

 

same act ‘that; committed

     

— _‘.‘you see that the ' 
yassassinirernoyed the evidence of the crime by the 

    
 

 1
 22‘
5‘I see," said the coroner. ‘
" f‘The plate being in place would deflect a bullet ac-
: curately-in a certain direction,- if ﬁred from a stated
p [point and with absolute skill." -
-:_ “There carfbe no doubt of that,” agreed the‘ coro-
; net, “but where would you ﬁnd a person so skilled ?”y
7  "That is apquestion which I am not yet prepared to
* ,,v.answer," said the detective. “We must first deter-
vmine if our premise is correct. After that it will be
' time enough to establish the identity of the. doer."
 _“',There still arises thedifﬁculty, of the adjustment
,»of.;the_steel plate,” suggested the coroner's physician.
 f‘:This—case,” replied the detective, “possessed one

  
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   

with _  ich I am brought into relation.”

 is it?” ’ — _ '

,_ Yweek ago to-night I held a long interview with
 Dumont. He told me at that time certain
,..th1t1gs‘/connected with his career by which I was as-
.  of the identityiof _his murderer, or at least the
idierttity of the person who instigated it, the moment
I had,been‘k»il1ed. .

‘Knowing that identity, or at least believing that I
(so, I wasenablede to begin thezworking out of my
tries, on almost an assured basis. ,

“If*'yo.ti are given a problem to solve you have cer-
_, stated quantities from which you adducethe re-
n  particular ease,‘when'I.began uponit a
 _i£e_pagio Ihadgthe following lfacts to go by: ‘
‘Ears: I that James, Dtunontfsplife had been

  

  
  

  

  

. .

 fthat» the person who ha.d*made
utllis as skilled at pistol-shot as ever
his 1=¢1,fmi°8¥—*<*3¥9~" 

’ "'3  6? theexhibitions of

the past had  what

   

"tha’t'ivery -in

  
  

'hsd

1'41

  

   

 dﬁtgetion

   
   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. that the answer occurred to me.”

,“°§’dvanta e, so far as I am concerned, from most others .

' moved into the place at. all. -— It became necessary then  '

-farm»; precis_eIy‘- the '
to yours little 
‘thefbullisscye .

    
  

 that*aceont-3-,;

  ;      the c _“

 gr :v.c_;;f_,all of t

“I knew as soon as I discovered the screw-holes in
that window-frame how the murder had been accom-
plished, but I did not know, and at first I could not
conjecture; how the steel plate had been removed after
it had done’its work. A‘

“It was only after you two had entered the room
with me, when I was still pondering upon the subject, ‘

“Did I understand your idea to be, Carter, that
the impact of the bullet against the steel plate dis- t
lodged it so that it fell into the street and was picked
up by the person who ﬁred the shot ?” askedthe cor-
oner.

“Without doubt. There is no place outside the ,
building for it to have lodged. Falling from that win- »
dow-frame outside, as it did, it must have fallen into I
the street.” , ‘

“But,” said the coroner's physician, “let us get back .‘
again to that part of the act when it was put into_posi- ' '
tion. How did you ﬁgure it out that that was done, .
Mr. Carter?” . V _, a ‘
A “Very simply,” was the reply. ..

“I would like to hear your explanation as to that.” e 

“It is this, doctor. Jim Dumont was in the habit .
oﬂgoing quite early each day to the circus,» where he 
performed, not matter whether they happened to be ‘
engaged in New York City or elsewhere. He did it 
because he“like‘d_to be with his animals an hour or 1’
so before he exhibited them. His habits were known, 1
and it would have been a very simple matter for the ‘
person who meant to accomplish his death to have
come here a_f,ter‘he had departed for his evening at .
the circus. ' The measurements necessary to the pla-‘:.
cing hf the steel plate were doubtless taken before he?‘

 

     
    
    
    
   
      
     
    
 
     
 
  

  

to spend only ,enough time here‘ to  the plate
fast to the window frame; and then’ to remove the
screws as .I have cl_escribed',and» supply. their places

withzputty.”.; '-  ; *  , V ‘j  .;

 
    
 

  
  
    

‘ T
It
.9. L ‘, >’~

  

 

.g'r’:_1_n camnxi Manson ‘run navaxaur‘
‘ _ x _ _‘ ' ‘ ‘ ‘ ,,f. ‘E,  aghv. ’ 

   
  

 
 

‘.f°'¢¢ﬂﬁf¢l¥‘lad°at r<f>u§r:
_ ._‘‘Very- well,”  the 

 
  
  

erything asppwe 1p

     

correct one

 edge that at a certain hour Sunday afternoon James
Dumont would lie down’ on that couch in exactlythe
position he now occupies as if he were doing it pur-
POS to be killed." '

‘ his time,” said the detective; smiling, “I had an- ,

ticipated your objection. I had already thought of
thatpoint, and I have found an answer to it.”

“Well, what is it 9"

“Every gambler, coroner, takes chances, and every
man and woman in the world, particularly in profes-
sional life, are more or less gamblers by instinct.
When you come to that part of professional life which
includes showmen, you ﬁnd the gambling element still
more dominant.” A

“Well, what does all that lead up to ?” -

“Coroner, if [take you and.tlie.doctor entirely into
my conﬁdence, may I rely absolutely upon your discre-

,tion until such time as I am willing for you to speak?”

"You certainly may.” . ' — .

“Knoii', then, that I believe theperson who com-
mitted this crime to be a woman; that I believe that
Woman to be no other or less a, personage than the
World-renowncgi and wonderful equestrienne and dare-
devil snapshot, Millie Slade. as she is quoted and em-
blazoned on the bilEb0ard§.; th 9”

“M oodncss, hrtff, 0 Y0“ “"3" a -

_ “Millig Slade, too, is the‘one who I told you had
thrgatemd Dumont; she is the one I referred to a
little whne 'ago'as having seen -make ‘the right angle
gm, “.0 year; ago. She‘ was the wife of that dead
man yonder; she married him ten years ago and lately
H has been anxious to achieve another husband.
w-“Bmwhatofallt‘.hat?”~. I _

:‘"Th;s, co;-oiaer: She knew and was ‘fﬁmliial with

.. mo;-e 0, 135 of Dumont’s habits; doubtless she was
much more familiar with them than even he suspected.
'Wheii she discovered that he had taken these rooms
there is no doubt that the idea W35 b.°m'th°" t° mm’
dérrliim as “she ﬁnally accomplished the act. . When

.‘..sh'e.-came to these rooms, as she d0ubtlCSS=d1d, it prob-
‘ably was not with the id”, .°f.‘*3kii“§ me5{5“1'°m_°“tS °f

.i,th¢,.‘act she ﬁnally committed, but to begin laying‘ her

—‘3;.l’l31!.!s. for some Such tragedy Which We k"‘°“’ “Ow has

aboutsthis _room and studying it. She
in discovering that easy chair by the
der agannst -the wall

   

‘We not won:  

' ‘ ' mon, ies. . .
5  “’£rtf):3;e¥.i‘fot' {moment that she knew his
ilabits.“ .-_Den‘t" forget that, she" was aware of the fact
‘ Kaine liked. to: spend his Sunﬂays in. fw‘.=£'1't€.,¢¢» red-
_‘  daily pap¢'f§__gnd smoking; and dont forget.
I '  lisiani invariable custom ainoﬂg’S11¢llj7l?'¢39P1e E?’
‘I may’ the afternoons _gf SundayS;'P33"f?¢¥Il3TlY m
 of men» of his temperament, ‘who Sl’l10l{e’fnlKI1
 and from very ‘ln3Ctl'V}l§y_,f.b3¢°rne

 1;  were hei-e_now at tliisvﬂloﬁleﬂt

;   invest‘ tioa. ;_

  
 
  
   
   
    
 
   
 
 
      

 

r ' New NICK CARTER "WEEKLY.

\

er cexiter of the 1

 

0

3

room? and, discovering this easy chair by the window
with a sinokei"s table beside it. would say to herself
at once:

“ ‘There is where he will sit while he smokes and
reads his papers. Perhaps I could shoot him from
the street through the window.’

“Then she would see the couch over there against
the wall, and she ivouldsay to herself: f

“ ‘Yonder is where -he will lie downpto take his at
ternoon nap.’_

“Now. coroner, we are already fairly well satisﬁed
of her deliberation and craftiness, and so caift you
imagine her stretching herself upon that couch in 01‘-
(.l€1_' to discover just about in what position he would
be apt to lie? and having placed herself as nearly as
she could conjecture in the position he would assume:
can’t you imagine her marking out a spot where his

head would rest and tlieifsuddenly remembering her -

wonderful skill at the right angle shot with the steel
plate she has unerringly used so many times in her
target practise?"

“By Jove, Carter, you seem to be working it out.

all right.”

“Added to her desire to murder the man. she had
the additional incentive of working upon the possibil-
ity of his taking his nap; upon the possibility cg li.s
assuming in elfect the position she supposed he would.
and she had to calculate upon passing through the
street below here at about the right hour of the after-
noon with ‘one of her target pistols concealed in the
folds of her dress, and of ﬁring that shot ‘from a
"chalk-marked spot on the pavement against the steel
plate to accomplish. the required deflection of the bul-
et.

“You must understand that the woman could not
positively know that the man was even inside the
apartment at that moment. Instead of lying upon the
couch for his afternoon siesta, he might have gone
into the other room and thrown himself upon the bed.
All those things were gambler’s chances which she
took, and which added inﬁnitely to thezest of her
undertaking. <__ "\’ _'

_ “Again was the chance that she mightbe idiswvered
in the act of ﬁring her ipistolfin the street. She ‘had’
to look out for that. It isn’t unlikely that she was
compelled to walk up and down the lalodpwveral

times before the desined opportunity came; but when .

’it did come and she had fired the shot she could walk

‘ deliberately away almost certain in her own mind that

theseoiret of her1einarkabie»per£ornaance would never
-be revealed. , ‘ . _ ’

;“But,' gentlemen, she was unaware of theiateiview

I held with her husband ia week ago this coming night;

she could not ‘know that, in addition to the knowledge

gained by me at that interview, I had seen her right.

angle gshot two years ago.

. "Now, ‘my friends, I havevtaken you two entirely - '
igito“ my  I believe that 4l'.h¢~'\lVOfﬂ3n we « '

' Tmowas Nfillie Slade ﬁred tliehulletthat killed James 3

There wiIl»l)e.no difficulty 

       
 

iDum<t:,n the tisefitsrnere

 1 24 . ‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 

‘in establishing a sufficient motive for the crime, and “Come here, Prince, my friend, come here,” and,
I believe there -will be even less difficulty to prove following out the instructions that had once been

  
   
  
  
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
 

 that she did it." .. given him by Dumont, he caressed the tiger as be- _
A . “But how will you establish that fact?” fore, whispered endearing terms into its ears, and ‘Q

, “Coroner, it has not rained for several days. If presently led it quietly into the hallway and down the 1:

.' Pall my theories are correct, I should ﬁnd out therein ﬂights of stairs to th street». 

 the street on the pavement a chalk mark. It need not - "It was noticeable tiat the policemen, one and all,
A’  very large or well deﬁned, but it would indicate to drew backward away from him, as far as the walls in
tier where she should stand when the bullet was ﬁred would permit them to do,’ until he had passed well be-
‘according to the nieasuremeiits she had taken. _ yond their reachwith the tiger. ‘

1‘ ‘WW6 will g0 Out presently and 100k -350!‘ that Chalk The animal seemed to know that some sort of sor-
m3.l‘k.,3!1d if I ﬁﬁd it I Will make aﬂ01h€$ mark U15?’-3 row had befallen it,.,for it walked along with some 
which cannot be obliterated at Once} ‘ ii ' outward evidence of dejection. and offered no resEst- —‘
.. - ""Th33 C7006» I Will Sf-'3l'€h fol’ the Steel Plate which ance whatever when told to get inside the carriage l
ij ”[Mil1ie,Slade uses in her right angle target practise. that waited at the (1001-_ ’
»,ItJis,ag"s2na1i affair, but she would not readily part . Commanding jt to lie still, which the tiger obeyed
‘itfor the reason‘ that she is likely to be called by dropping its jowls between its paws on the ﬂoor of Q
i"%3?§011’3t 31?)’ time. t0 reproduce the act. the carriage, the detective left it there and began his '
‘“1‘flI,ﬁﬂd the Steel Plate 511 1161‘ 9055635593; if the search along the pavement of the street for the ex?‘
 screw—holes ﬁtiover these -holes in the window- pected chalk mark, it _ V

$1 ‘.3? “Est “fin be ¢°“‘l3_ar3tlV°1)’ 5353’: 3"‘; ,1 But’the coroner and the doctor, both now deeply

‘*3’:-33‘“F"‘h3t“,’t ‘mu ‘mt, be dlﬁic“-It ,t° force Mm” interested in Nick‘ Carter's theories, were already?-
Sl37de"*‘“t° 3 ‘fun confessmn °f her c“m°' searching eagerly for the sign, and before Nick Car— .‘
'3-°.'Onc—_mOT¢.ihi“ga 9070"“: bef°"° We leave‘ these iter had taken half .a dozen paces toward them the
:aanms_an_d ptimit tbepolicemen and the undertaker coroner gamed out excitediy, ‘ , ’ 1

#9“?   V, , ” ‘ » ‘.‘Here it is, Carter. At least there is a chalk mark 
 « , 3 : - . i‘ ' ’ ’ here. It’s a letter.” A V
»°rg'°tt ‘f 37°“ pleaﬂtth.-c “quest I made of Then as Nick Carter drew nearer to him hecalleclf
'dia£ely after you;-“entrance here.” ’ °ut’aga§n_ - A V I  ’ V y. :
“nit? '1. h3V°¥.sf91'Si‘°“°“i?" V i ' . “No by Jove there are two-letters although one of.’
- 5'?“ tong“ ‘}‘f’l7"f‘¥“'~‘*. for me‘ -.1h!‘?§?,W““§ r them is almostobliterated.” i in T ’  t .  . 3
   i    mm
V    : .  e »* ~ ,an n,,sraig enmg, imse . sat o ecoroner: 
 *°"‘t§;;n‘9:;‘i¥ .m'°,"“° ‘W5 ’°°‘“’ “M. ,s.. the initials-’of Millie Slade’s name.'’* i "

  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
     

 

« .._.,1

 h L  yoti'i’are‘—not going to

 

       
   
 
  

an jproveiyour t-li_eoryl”‘ e ' A
’ detective, smiling; “but
I ‘asl:ed}?'l r 4, '

     
    

  
 

.¥.

 skeaaié . 
.policet’n’en foyia‘ carriagf.

'  own home ‘hiside

   

   
  

explained in detail the theories he had formed re-
.g‘attling the crime. a _

T Although Chick and Patsy were both very much
interested in the recital, neither offered, any sugges-
"tions to their chief when he had finished. .

; “There is one thing,” he said" in conclusion, “that
I"neg’lected to ask Dumont at either of the interviews
I had with him, I should have %/iliestioned him about
the attitude of the tiger toward illie ,Slade. ‘ I wish
,1 knew that." ' I

‘ “Wliy?" asked Patsy. . _
 “Because ithas suddenly occurred to me that ‘It

might be possible to make the tiger of some use in
‘ proving this case against her. You see, I haven t any
“doubt whatever in my own mind that she ﬁred the
‘ bullet that killed Dumont. plfleither have I any doubt
,— that she visited those rooms 1ll‘.l‘llS absence and there-
 film also in the absence of the tiger, *0 take her 111635’
u_r¢_Am.=_-ms fog? carrying out the crime; but‘ I have rea-
r ons, to suppose——-and very good ones,  think——-that
gziougii Dumont was no;awai'et<})1f the fact she
  , ,» visited those 1'00mSr ""‘°e- °, ‘get’ W '
‘?“Why? How is that?" asked Chicl<- . _
‘:.‘7‘1‘a‘».tiger is la-very stror_;g-nosed,/animal. _That ani-
}-gmse of small would informiit unerringly that
Vilﬁe 51353 had‘beei’1 inthat room if she did go there.
I  1- unfortunately cannot tell us about it. Du-
 gug ¢1¢adv,'cannot describe to us what the con-

  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
 
  
   
    
   
      
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 

 

 after‘ she had doubtless been there.
B"ut"§[.ani‘  that the tiger knew she had been
I and -that he followed her ascent-_around the
' ~. a my ‘ctirnbirig ‘upon the’ big chair and even
  W5 against the window into which she
mb’éd:’i 'Vorder to take her ‘measurements and
-" “Rain ma;-ks by which. she v,vou1diproceed- later
 came to

  

V lltefﬁ was‘.Vtn6rei'_th3ni one set.,°f.scrat¢*1°"-I
igainsmhat 'wj,nc1pw—frame and caS1ng- '

an 3,33 ' ,.4¢_a,n'you.not,v how, upon enter-

’ ’ with i-tsimaster after the performance.

it of3c¢L.l59e‘11t“tl:l'e regent. presence of

‘ - h‘g_W‘1‘L(i)Q:t11,‘,lf.1n_zt-llyig9In‘g to

4-,,

 which ‘was also

 
   

up;at the _.vviriTd°"W_-7'

a'id'.?at;sy..‘ ffigﬂvhy she

ruler windgwg  ’
‘she 

V A elimbedj L

  
   

[NEW NICI{ CARTER WEEKLY.

cf the tiger may have been when he returned to -

‘fasten the steel plate in,

gqu, in‘ your imagination, see"

plate ,=‘n...i’l%°t-V .t'.T.*."’. ‘.*8°'i
ti‘?-‘ébaiit.t§ie roam\susPwI°“513’v- , , -»
*. ~_i‘fDor{you.tl.ii

   

r

. ‘3
he would use them, she also knew enough of his
habits to e perfectly certain that he would drop that
particular‘§indow at the top before he seated himself
to read an’
when later on he went to take his siesta.”

“It looks as if she had calculated every point to a
nicety,” said Chick.

_ “As without doubt
ive. . .

“Tell me," said Patsy, “how the attitude of the tiger
toward Millie Slade would affect your use of him in
this case?" , \

“I don't know exactly,” replied the detective.
would depend entirely upon.what that a
pened to be.”

“Well, if he were friendly to her?"

“I don't know,” repeated the detective.
sticks to me that I ought somehow to make the tiger
useful.
sagacioiis that it seems that he ought to be able to tell
me something by his acts; and yet I do not know how
to make use of him.”"~ ,

“Suppose you try it on him, anyhow,” suggested
Chick. ’ I I

“Suggest a way of doing it and I will.” .

“Couldn't you somehow bring Millie and the tiger
together?"-

«it
tt.itude_ hap-

“I don't know, I'm sure, and I fail to understand‘ T?‘-;!:
what good it would do if I did so, and, not knowing _ _: ’

what _its. previous attitude toward Millie was, I would‘
be unablelto tell by itgdeportnient whether it had seen
‘her lately or not.” I ‘

“What are your plans about the case, chief

‘ Patsy.‘ ,

\“I have only one deﬁnite plan, my lad, and thatiis I 
plate that Millie used

to search for and find the steel
,in committing the tragedy.”
. “More than likely that is at the bottom of the

its way. into the possession of a junk dealer."  V
‘ ‘.‘I don't thinlilso,” said the detective. “You must,

understand, Patsy,’ that that plate was made with a»

_'great deal -of care and with a great deal of labor aiid

" when.’she gives her exhibitions, the plate must be ab-s

_ ‘solutely. corrected Therehi ‘no doubt in my {hind 
Cshe _‘sho_tjb.ullets ‘i,i1't0_=]it_ a:..thousand times before she?
“gotit riglitg; there List:-’t‘ tang doubt in rny. miud..,tliat‘~slt7e.— ;_ _. T

values it a_§bove,;grf.Nat.'least ec:jtial,_‘to. {any of ‘her pos-
L ‘ p ' “faked, Chic-kt, ';=‘)‘tli_atfs'lie would I53;
3 likelyyto keep it at  _l'_00l‘l‘lS ;whei~e_ sliglives out
5‘-among hen-ielfosfs ‘  '  ' 

 
  

smoke and that he would leave it down,

“The idea

she did do,” agreed the detect- V

The animal was so fond of Dumont and is so ’

‘-1

expense. In order tohit a target with ‘it as she does .. 

ll’ asked  1

t’i\'ct‘i_ . 
or thrown into the ash-can and by this time has fduntl

    
       
     
    
  

 O

26.

“I’d wait until after the performance to-night and
I don't know how I‘d accomplish it, only that I would
do it somehow.”

“But it seems hardly necessary to steal an entire
trunk in order to obtain a small steel plate that prob-
ably isn’t more than half a,dozen inches square.” '

“It’s because it's so small_ that I suggested stealing
the trunk. I wouldn't have time to search the trunk
for the plate, but I might be able to get away with the
trunk itself; and that suggests another idea, chief.”
“Go on, Patsy, you seem to be proliﬁc of ideas to-
day.” . .
“Maybe I could get away with the trunk between
the afternoon and evening performances to-day. I
think the expenditure of a few dollars would accom-
plish it; and my idea about it is this: If I could get
the trunk out of the Garden and get it here to this
house or to some other place that we could agree
upon, she would sure be just too wild to recover it
and its contents.” e ‘ ~

“There is no doubt ofthat.” .

“Well, after I’d been through it and found the steel
plate, I'd put everything back just about as I dis-
covered it, and then I could go to her and tell her that
I had nailed a couple of thieves who had stolen her

trunk and I could ‘bring her around here to identify

it”

“What would be the good of that?”

“Why, it would be a bully good opportunity to in-
troduce her- to the tiger.” ‘

“Yes;‘but 1' don't see what would be accomplished.”
« “No! I, chief, except the{ recovery of the plate. If
the steel plate is in that trunk and we got the trunk,

‘ I

. we'd sure get the plate.” .

“All right, Patsy, if you. think you can accomplish
it, you can go ahead.” .
I We need not follow Patsy on his undertaking, nor

explain it definitely, but the fact remains that be-

L..-

izha’ he

 

 . ‘tween half-past ﬁve and six o'clock that same after-

noon a hack drove to, the door of Nick Ca1'ter’s house
and out of it _climbed ‘Patsy and two other men who
assisted’ him in removing the h
detective’s house. i .

Nick-Carter was not at ‘home at vtlievtime, but that
did not deters’-Patsy from continuing hiafinvmtigation,

if and he’soon..had'the lid‘ of the trunk -ﬂtmg bac_:k,and '

itheitrays out of it, after which, with great care; he

 lifted-i the contentsarticle rby article, placing theml in ‘
5 ‘ fcoﬁecutive order ‘upon theﬂoor so that he wouldhave
" » -.   intrestoring, them to their proper posi-

’-‘Sieveral. times duririg this operation heipaused and

f;;critieally'2exa‘mih_ed some article that ' he lifted from
vthgtrnnk. bdicvmg for a moment that he had ‘found

 bit inreach  he put it
aside 'to,éont‘in§1B"his :investig_a,tiOns, and so he ’pfO?

seam until [tine ‘bottbz'rr.:ot'_th6 tzutik=was' visible.’

 then.  ;»h§:%»,bega,n.;t<_1T<1espair'~'and_ to think a
  by. f

  

. s _ V e trunk from the’
_. box of the cab, which they can‘ ‘at once inside the-
r, \ V

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Millie Slade in the tragedy, he uttered an exclama-

' tion of joy and, darting forward until his head was

lost in the huge receptacle, he raised an object in ‘

view which he knew must be the object he sought.

It was a steel plate highly polished and strangely
and wonderfully grooved inside; although the sur-
faces of it were perfectly smooth and straight, two
screw-holes rimmed out toreceive the heads of screws
perforated it, and attached to them by a string was a

tiny parcel wrapped in cloth which by the feel of it he ,

knew contained the screws themselves.

But this was not all. Patsy recalled perfectly every
word that Nick Carter had told him about the in-
vestigation of his theory at the studio apartment,‘
and as he lifted the steel plate from the trunk and held
it up to \’l€W under the electric light, which he had

switched on for more perfect observation, he dis- .

_ covered two or three tiny particles of putty still cling-

ing to the sides of the rimmed-out screw-holes. Even.
as he made this discovery Nick Carter, followed by
Chick, entered the room.

Perceiving what Patsy held in his grasp, he stepped
forward and took it, examining it critically as he did
so, and presently he said:

“Patsy, you have found the thing we sought. You

have clinched the case so that there will be no way ,,
And now, instead of bring- 
ing her here to face the tiger, which I think is entirely 
unnecessary, you may return the trunk to her in any ,

out of it for Millie Slade.

way you choose.” ,

“‘That’s dead easy,” said Patsy. “I can get it back
to her without her havinfg
stolen. One of the per ormers ‘quit the circus this
afternoon and sent a baggage-man for her trunk. I
was there at the time looking about for an opportu-

nity to get away with Millie’s properties and——well, to’

make a long story short, chief, I bribed some of the
attendants to bring out the wrong trunk. All I've

got to do now. is to return it and have the exchange I

made and she'll get her property back before she
knows it was stolen.” ‘ '

l _:.—...._.

'C_HAl’TER XII.

rm: VDENOUEMENT.

Nick Carter spent the rest of that afternoon in com- ,
plating some arrangements which he had determined a
upon making f,or.cai'rying.out,_ the ultimate act of this .{
strangely complex and yet remarkably simple tragedy. 

. He ﬁrst 'retumed'to;th=c studio apartment in‘Twenj- ’
ty-eig'hth.Stree't, frorrliwhich the body of James Du- .
mont had now been rcmoféd, ahd for upwards of an 1“?
hour be occupied" himself in reaﬂixing that remark- 3

..abl_e steel'plate tothe place it had once occupied against? "
—. that V A *1

‘lnopdningithis he went ‘through precisely the 
operation" that he ‘had so graphically described to the,

of the window~fraine.  ~

the least idea that it was ’

   
 

  

\

r t -coroner and the physician at the time he.worked out
‘ his theory almost to the point of proving it. ,
j .~ Using the same two screws that Patsy had.found
A attached to the plate, he fastened it to the window-
 ﬁftame in the very holes that had been used before, and
, which exactlyfitted this occasion. _ r ' '
7 Then, following out the plan he had once outlined,‘
- ; he removed one of the screws and packed the hole thus
5, left full of putty that. he had prepared for the PHY-
pose. After that he waited quietly for half an hour
_ while the putty should. harden somewhat, and therrhe
repeated the Performance with a second screw, using
great care not to disturb the plate a particle in doing
‘$0., He had the satisfaction of seeing it remain in,
Japlace, apparently with entire ﬁrmness, when he had
finished the job. ' ' .
1, His next act was to descend to the street, and to seek
the spot where he had made the mark" on the pavement,
and from whence he now discovered he was ip plain
viewpof the steel plate where it was fastened to the

window-frame of the studio.‘ r _ t
' ,.S3tisﬁed asito these points, he turned his steps
hgmeward, and, having dressed himself with unusual
jmre, he hurried to the Garden, and jgst before tllie
F. or the evenin was to egin sent is
P°;§’§§‘a§f§;i: Slade.’ Upoﬁ the back of it he had
ittcﬂi . '1‘ l e ‘ V 9 - :9
win you see me in regard to Dumont s pet tiger?
He was ‘presently admitted to her dressing-room,
here she» greeted him with marked cordiality, al-

‘ . with well studied sadness while she‘ discussed s
T 9d mysterious death of the tiger-tamer;

Q

 
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
     

 

it. innreference “to the tiger that has
331, wanted to ask you what ‘you thoughg I
v ’ ' ‘C u-
Twho was somewhat of a riend of mine, left the
i ’~l~f0.,ai1d’I have alrea y received a consider-
gﬁe,-. f,-igm Mr.‘ Powers, the-manager of this show,
 ; se‘it_- ought I,.to‘dispose-of it to the circus
‘ .O';_,gi.;t 1 toiikeep it, or would youlike to have
: Slade?‘ You must-understand that I person-
’ i , . ,4 ‘nanny. —  ~ V , ~’
j ghgtil rlawant it?” s,i'ie‘asked,. putting the .
lion :that_Nic_k hoped she’ would. '_  .
 ’ t the tiger ‘was exceedingly fwd

l NEW NlC.K gCARTl2_R WEEKLY.

_session of them, and that without any publicity.

' she might‘ atIii,?"?';>rohably,,uiould, discover the ,steel-plate“ 
, he had li‘xe“'clin its place and would tltereforebe warned
,;agaii3stthe he'ha'd laid ‘for her the following day.

the tcoronerfs physician. »the~lieutenant of‘-epolice,' :thc_ 7
, _ , districtgattorneyi and one ot.. his :associates,' C.tiic1ri*eat':_,i,<!,,.;

 l=21’a§5Yﬁ1ll“3PP°3¥¢Cli-:5lﬁ£lYi0’ in pairs at thtstildiﬁi
, ' - .._*=apa‘rtt;ient

27
If

you will go there with me to—iiiorrow forenoon you
can take away with you what things you would like to
have of that description.”

The woman was plainly nervous by now, but after

» thinking for a moment in silence and tapping one foot

impatiently upon the ﬂoor, she ﬁnally replied:

“If you will call for me at ten o’clock in the morn-
ing at the Victoria, I will go there with you.”

“Very good,” said Nick.

He thanked her then and took his leave; but once
outside the building he cliucklecl autlibly to himself
while he I'€lllElI‘l\'C(l in an undertone:

“Unless I greatly niistake the character of Millie
Slade, she will visit that studio apartment before she
sleeps to—niglit; but she won't get inside if she does.”

For Nick Carter had already taken the tiger back
to the studio apartment. and he returned there now

‘himself to pass the remaiiider of the night. with his

pet, which he had deteriiiincd to keep in his possession.
at least for a time, and ultimately to make a gift of it
to the,city zoological department. - -

At midnight the detective went outside the build-
ing and seated himself upon the steps to smoke his s
cigar, and he had been there but a short time when a
carriage drove up to the curb and Millie Slade stepped
from it to the pavement. She was hastening forward
ﬁoward the door when Nick Carter arose and faced
set‘.

“Why, Miss Slade,” he said,’ “this is an unex-
pected pleasure.”

“Yes," she replied, with perfect composure, “I was
told that you were ispendiiig the night here, andgl J
hoped that you l‘la(l>1"lOt yet retired. I thought per-_ 
haps we might examine those things to-night.” _

“I am sorry, Miss Slade.” he replied. wondering at ”

her readiness and perfect self-control, “but Prince, the

tiger, is. up there just now and you have told me that

- you were not good friends. ~ I will have him away . L

from here when I come for you at the Victoria at ten "
o'clock in the morning." ’

She hesitated for a moment ‘as if she wouldﬁiake

some further remark. but, controlling the desire; she 
‘laughed a little and said:

“Then I will bid, you good-night.‘
at ten -in the morning." ’ i

It had been Nick Carter’s ﬁrs! idea «when he called, .
 Millie, at ‘the Garden, to'indticé her to_visi-t.the- _
apartment that :night and to permit herto enter it -
without .hlndr_ance; but he had remembered ’later;that; 

‘ I will expect you

  
  
   
  
  

u

1 it wasffor that reason he__had gonethere hi:nss.1f‘»_;o;3"‘i

j At ﬁts: _o’?c1ock“tlie

following momingthfe c0roi;e‘rf;’

 

aud:.‘Vw'eretéeyadmitted, by the detectives: 3  ’

 

 28

y A block of wood about the size of a man's head was
ﬁxed upon the couch in as nearly as possible the posi—
tion that had been occupied by Dumont’s head when
he was --killed, and over this block of wood the de-
tective had pasted a sheet of white paper. I

At a few minutes before ten o'clock Nick Carter
sent his card to Millie S1ade's room at "the Victoria,
and a few moments later he was told to “go right
up.” V
She received him in the parlor of her suite and, an-
nouncing that shewould be ready in a moment, dis-
appeared. ,

Her case of pistols and rifles, each one ashine from
constant polishing, stood in one corner of the room,
and, stepping quickly forward the moment he was
alone,- Nick Carter possessed himself of one of the
target pistols and dropped it into his pocket, resu-
ming his chair just as Millie re-entered the room pre-
pared to accompany him. ’ '

He had taken time to grasp a couple of cartridges
A from a box inside the case when he secured the target
pistol, and now as they strolled along the street to-
gether for the distance they had to traverse was not
far, he succeeded in loading the weapon with one
hand and while it was inside his coat-pocket.

As they approached together the house where the
studio apartment was located Nick\ purposely piloted
the woman so that they must cross the marked spot

V on the pavement from whence he had no doubt the
shot had been ﬁred; and when he arrived at it the de-

tective stopped abruptly and, pointing to the M. S., '

now cut into the stone by a cold chisel, he ‘remarked, in
a. jovcular tone :. .
“Those seem to be the initials of your name, Miss
Slade.” I , I
"Yes,” she replied, smiling, “so they do.”
. Nick Carter raised his head and looked upward
?; ' toward the open window of the studio.
" I “Look yonder, Miss Slade.” he told her. _ _
 ' She, obeyed, and did it with the air of one who
‘. " was indiﬁerently interested. ' .

   
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  

dbw-fraine in the upper part of that open windoﬁw ?”
, “Yes; I wonder what it is ?” 5 , _ . _
p ' “I wonder, Miss Slade, if you would be willing at
. this moment to give-me an exhibition of yourjskill?”
' he asked; her. . I)". , _ 7
~ iélggave a little. start and laughed uneasily and
. ' — ' . ,/
i, .“I don’t know what you mean, sir.” Y
, Ytlithout replying he took the target pistol from his
_ ~,pbck'et,,a,nd,;'raising,.he‘r right hand, placed the butt
.   grasp._..,- . M _ I ‘
 7‘, ",Fo§|', 'just 3. ‘momentj.sIi_e trembled visibly, and the
. ﬂushewhich  ,faoe disappeared, leav-

 ' ‘She 1'€i¢0’V€’1'e.<1 1191'  itfI”stLai\1tly,'_and’ with

. cw

 

1 ’f'Do you see something shining  there in the win- .

,_i;,i%:i,a.ugia—asi:eci: I -3     L, _  p .
J.’ i you mean that you_want.;mq_;,:to ﬁre. thiappistol,

   

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

which, by the way, looks like one of mine, here in the
public street?”

“Yes, Miss Slade.”

“Why?”

“I would like.to know if you could hit that shining
mark up there directly in the center of it.”

“Why ?"

“I am Cll1'lOuS‘t0 know what would become of the
bullet if you did so.” \

“Why?” ' x

“I am anxious to know if it would follow the course
of another bullet that you hred Sunday afternoon at
the same mark.” '

He seizedvthe wrist of her right hand as he spoke, '

for otherwise she would have turned the weapon upon
him and ﬁred. .

“None of that, Miss Slade,” he said. “Now, watch
me,” and he tore the weapon from her grasp. “I am
a fairly good shot niyself.” He raised the weapon.
“Watch ine,'Miss Slade.” He ﬁred.

As he did so she staggered and swayed a little bit.
toward him, but, dropping the pistol back into his
pocket, he passed his left arm around her waist and so
supported her up the steps of the house which she had
mounted with him ‘before she really realized what she
was doing. -

In another moment they were inside the hall and
mounting the steps to the third ﬂoor, and presently
they entered upon the studio room where the persons
already named were waiting in a silent semi-circular
group to réqeive them. . .‘

It was the district attorney who stepped forward
as they entered, and without a word raised an accusing
ﬁnger and pointing it toward the paper-covered block
of wood at the head of the couch. '

There was a hole ‘in-the paper now, made by the
bullet that Nick Carter had ﬁred from the street.

For a’ moment Millie Slade gazed upon it like one
crazed; then she laughed loudly and slirilly and pres-
ently screamed: ' I ,

"So you have found me out, have yoti? Yes, I did
it, and I am glad- you know it !"

It’ * III * * ‘* t

"This completes the story of one of the strangest‘ .

murder cases? with which Nick Carter ever_ had to do.
Of the subsequent trial and defense of Millie Slade

the ground of which was emotional insanity, we nee

have nothing more to say at present. '
Just a word regarding the two bullets, one ﬁred by
Millie Slade into the brain of James Dumont, and the

‘- other fired by Nick Carter into. thehlock of.“-god, .
They were ‘found ‘to be shaped almost precisely alike ' '

when'cornpai-ed together, 'for~thc impact of those bul-
lets against the circular groove of the steel plate had
grounded them in
side. ,. ' -. _ .
‘  1111: min.

B;,rg’5;n,;-o¢,..1§ii¢ie..canpr?s' Dead-shot Circus  

 

exactly the ‘same manner on one ff

‘  next number (635) will contain “A Strangc;

ii
4‘ :

 

  

 

,~,.a ‘ wnalwﬁvokx. February 20, 1909.

 

  

‘ " "mums 1'0 max ¢AIl'l'Bll WEEKLY mm. suascluaaas.

« ; L (Pomp Fm.)

 shgucoﬂulrﬂtull NuIbon,lc.BdcII.
-j  i ‘ , V ___,,, ,,,, .. 850. One year ............ ..
..1‘$I.‘§l§:::::::::::: .......... .. sac. 2 comes one your-.-..
_ :6 months .... ,.................SL9~'2 1 009! two years"...

_ _ _ gm, 9, 5”"; 3gun'.y...By post-oﬁloe -or express money order,
.  lane;-_ bank check orujn-art. at our risk. At your own risk if sent
3? currency. mln. or’ postage stamps in ordinary letter.
,, g * 3...g,g.,,Re¢¢1pg of your remittance is acknowledged by proper
Oluingaor number on your label. It not correct yomhave not been properly
 «waited; and should let as raw at once-

. 0 » _ . , s1‘I!EB'r I: sMn'H. Publishers
  s5,,,,,,’“"':l>l"°P""’°"' ‘ 79-89 Seventh Avenue. New Yorlr City.

   By, AN ELEPHANT.

 ‘wnnsnosvns.

  
 

   
   
 
  
    
  
  
    
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
    

 

I’ “Elephants? M Yes, I promisedto tell you something about
"em," didn't I?" said Tim Pwdr; as Charley ’M8Y5°‘d
3*9¢?13.€£l'._ii'lto thle»’st0t¢‘zV‘Yll¢fe the old man was accustomed
Ar  Ig himsélfi during'.“o.ﬂ" hours.” A V .

‘ we come on purpose. to hear it,” was replied;
  ‘them? I didn't _.do' much else for

.n.

wig; ;_}_;e?;niost;;ainf¢rn‘a1'temper. It took something;

3313 km ':_myl)ody,?.._ Yau’re right hcdid. Two keep-l
¢,»,“.,may;;,and aféjouplci of outsiders." Tba_t‘—s his rac-

¢w¢ll',spcal:§'$or ‘nltyt-‘coﬁin' when"!  him in

./cl ' d:he"’ '7;l‘1¢l1le‘t~i' .

 $3; 32;: s; .,,:,.:z:3i..  2°32
 ~n t" .:-:9.  was ‘r '. vi
' .-handsww b’  uid.:f‘_Ro‘:nw.t=why ' .

Y ‘ o.hsl_l:lw .‘*andvbe,ear3lt"<l "
 ajﬂtzcrt.   as znmctrfg :

    

' snake.

t gaging: years, Ever see (_1‘ip’poo Saib? Monster. “wasn't-
 cé» manage him when his mad was ‘up the‘ s ’‘‘“‘‘‘‘°‘“°* *5 3
§§fv;ﬁmped'tl!é lifé out oh thorn," and cxierybody said .

91.; goodnessfm &l5‘lI:¢:Fl\B¢l-fahlct toftalse; n16'ir3- f ’
"4/2 Xcarsjsgo. _! newts heard at any of.

 :But should the elcgliant "'

-~ “ear's. and‘ could, do an
 sightstoithe little‘ l

' . NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 20

inc & Company were on the road. Remember them? Bully
fellows, and a good concern. You never had to wait for
your pay. They always had plenty of stamps.

“Good and badclephants? Of course, the same as people,
though you never can trust them any more than a rattle-
Take your eye oft them, and your jig may be up
before you know it. .

“We had two elephants. No, the weren't so common in
those days, and a baby elephant ha never been seen in the
c'onntry.

“Perform? Not much, except to be led around the ring
for children to ride on. But they were a big card, and w»;
had to have them, anyway.

“Well, as _I was saying, we had two, a male and female,
and I wish you could have secn‘how jealous the old fellow
was when a camel or llama came near his tnatc.

“Have care of him? No, but I knew all that was going
on, just the same.”

“And the particular story you had in mind?"

“Well, strange, isn't it, that such big beasts always make
friends of the tiniest, littlest ones?"

“There was old Royal George. the biggest lion in Amer-
ica, that had a mouse, and this elephant a do that wasn't
much bigger than a rat, that he fondled an pcttcd and
loved better than anything else. Fact, and they were hardly

ever separated, and when we came to a bad place in the road L

he would take the dog up with his trunk and carry him
over, as a woman would a baby. and they slept together, and
it was fun to see how gingerly he would move his great
feet for fear of stepping on his playmate. Queer, wasn't
it? Oh, they know more than most people think, and it's

only one of the many curious things one sees. in thc show —

'0!

biz.

L“You ha e been in it a good many years, Tom ?"

“All my ifc, andcx ect to die in it. But this elephant
had another et——the, aughter of a couple of the riders,
the ’ rettiest ittle thing you ever saw; hair like corn-sills.
brig t and yellow as ld, and eyes like two blue stars.

Never saw any stars 0 that color? I neither, but she had, '
And she was the littlest morscl.‘
Dwarf? ‘ Not a bit of it: only little, spry as a fairy and»
icture, and the way they dressed her! i «
When‘ or father carried her round the ring in ,. ,‘

them, just the same.

Whcw!
his two-horse act she looked just like a rainbow an spangled
with stars.” l V

‘ "‘She must ‘have been very pretty."

“That’s nb name for it. Shewas just gorgeous."
“And tho. cleplléant loved her. Tom?” -
"How could - help it? ‘Everybodydld. Wherever we

went the women went mad about her and gave herhdead .

loads of presents, and the men were, nearly as bad. ,1 re~
member one old chap who never had any kids, that wanted
to take her away. adopt, her, send her to school and make
her his heiress. '

. ) .-

 
  
 
 

t

E-’.'.:.
3

Oh, the rode ,and~

    
    
 

  

.’ is‘:with.‘.lnm.. It was a ctty

      

    
  

 
 

Ri h? .A ‘Astor and: in atoolat 
«himself about that ciiila." it ;'~  lac  - 3

. pl8Jcd—with;his g':iegt’~vl‘i

 

cumulus ox: ans headywit her 4*

 

 
   

  

 of riditrg ’ ‘ ’

 3.6

, there's something in the big book about a little child
leading us all. Anyhow, she did lead that elephant and
make him do just as she pleased. But for that; matter so
she could me. Ever save her life? Yes, once when she was

, awatching him swim, and tumbled over a bridge into deep
water, and once--but I am coming to that. Swim? Like a

I duck——-the elephant I. mean. You’d have thought so if you
had seen him go for that child when he heard her scream,
and lift her above his head and paddle for the shore. You
couldn’t have done it quicker or more tenderly, and when

Who laid her on the grass, I verily believe he cried like the.

rest of us for fear some harm had come to her. Anyhow,
his eyes ﬁlled with tears. Might have been from the water?
I don’t believe it. Elephants have feelings. Crocodile—tears?
That’: all gammon, without some brute of an old bull should
cry after having swallowed a nigger baby, because there
wasn't more of it. I’ll tell you about one‘I saw~.--"
'9‘An elephant, Tom?” ,
“No; a crocodile that---—” .l
“Not now. Stick to the elephants.”
V “Yes, p'r’aps ’tis best. Well, this child, her name was
' Inez. "Spanish, isn't it? Got it in ‘Mexico, where her
I gpgrents were traveling, when she was born. Pretty, anyhow.

“ r ell, she just had the run of the concern. Used to pet
thehpronies and the dogs, and none of them were ever cross
‘to .
zof lions and tigers, and leopards and wolves. Hyena? Did
. _you'ever see a:show without one of them? People think

I :_‘the are always digging up graves and feasting on dead
T ies. and? that makes them an attraction. _

 ‘,'Play withithem? Not much, she didn’t. They are can-
tankerous beasts, and friends with nobody. Yes, there was
‘in bear or two, a panther and a cage of monkeys. The chil-
.§dl‘¢}’a always go for them, on know, to have fun, and I verily
. girehcve they ‘are almost alf human.” ‘

'1‘ ,-"You must endorse the Darwinian theory?” I.
 "Don’t know nothing about that. What? We are de-
ccnda,-nts from apes? One of them my great-grandfather?
 man must be a fool.” «' ‘

 ‘.“But I am waiting to hear about the little girl and the
«;'e_tcphant;, Toms?’ ' , '

“‘So you are.‘ When I get to talking about old times
jso many things come up that I can't keep my mind steady to

, I “Yes. about Inez 'andthe cl ant. Well, we had been
 ‘knocking around,ltl1e’eogn_try al the season, and the cages
' ~had»become‘shaky, the horses about used up-5-no, there was
t 130- such" thing as traveling by rail in those days»—and the
’;‘_a_ninIals looking seedy. . :j V V L
; ‘fl-‘eejrl.-,them l-ugh? ‘Certainly, but they tshowed travel,
’  the weather was hot--the .whitej,bear panting and ready
eo;;.pitwn»1_iis skin for a cake of ice, andgthe rest of them
wm.~ma.p9lah ’ ‘I. r - I I

   
   
  
   
   
     
  
 
   
  
  

. a§id’wr.lY-' . .
"“ %‘l:adW:ts’t‘eof affairs, T031." h hp’;   gdbe
"on, so ,_ use tosuctri  ,
h _  $0 make the  ginngsa 1:5’. thgf
I ,2; "1 understand that. Much as ;r
_ . .. s*r.n¥.v..w?nrhmas¢»" . =  1
.  angled, in one sense of the term, as Tom
  IM .
‘    ' sci .a pstoius
’ {dayfthat  *’o{«  would break
.  amndt ltillsomebody, or else

    
  

 
 

  
  

'7'3l>‘,‘3&*‘- we

 
 
 

   
  

    

 the
  .

I

  

    

Other animals? Of course we did. A dozen cages .

teettg. and
purring?’ ' -

‘the world. It wasn’t very long. of  but it 

‘humus’ them up‘. a  .
‘ ‘ ' Nil wonder mine d__i

'mj.mw  a w.rumv~.i» . ,  “*9    

 

' 

3

New NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

but we patched up things as well as we could and kept on,’
trusting to luck to bring us through until we should strike
some town where it would pay to lay up for repairs."

“A dangerous experiment, Torn.” .

“So it turnedout; and that brings me to the story you
want to hear.

“We stopped at a little town way out in Missouri, and

stayed over Sunday.
’ “No, we never fed that day. Better for their health,
some said, some that they didn’t kick up such a row as
when eating, and yes, it may have been out of regard for
the day, though I never quite understood how it was worse
than traveling, as we generally did.

“Anyhow, we stopped over Sunday. I remember it first
as well as if it were yesterday.

“It was in what is called Indian summer. and the air
was warm and smoky, and the ﬂowers blooming, and the
bees humming, and the trees all spotted over with red and
yellow, like a clown's dress, and the birds were chirping,
and it seemed as if the world was getting ready to take a
nap after putting .on its best clothes. .

“Go to church?» I didn't, but some of the rest did.

“Inez? No; she stayed with me in the afternoon,~while i

her father and mother went, and we kinder naturally walkcd
over to the canvas to see that everything was right, and
she got to playing round in the ring, while I turned in atop
of the bear’s cage, for forty winks. .

“I wish you could have seen that child then! She was

dressed all in white, with a blue ribbon round her waist, ’

her hair looking as if it had been spun out of gold, and the
cunningest slippers ever made.” -

"And you left her to wander alone, Tom P"

“Oh! I was tl)ere,,but she always did, and "never got into
any more mischief than‘ an angel.

“Well. I don’t know how long I dozed before I heard

the most trendendous rear and crash. and my hair all stood ~

up on end as I saw that the big Bengal tigciuhad burst
through the bars’ of his cage and sprung out into the ring,
and was creeping along, licking his great jaws, with his tail
curling and his eyes just blazing, as you may baveiseen
a cat, toward an unsuspecting mouse.” ‘
“And the child, Tom; the child?”
“Poor little thing!
center pole and her pretty head resting against it, fast

asleep, and thinking as little of danger as a white dove. T?
when a great blacksnake is crawling noiselessly up to its-_’ ’

11¢“.

turning into ice, but never knew what it was until then."

"I tell ‘you itiwas horrible! Pdiheard tell of blood g‘

She was seated with her back to the 

4
~l

 

The old man paused, drewthe cuff of his coat over; his? '

eyes, as if to remove suspicious moisture, and resumed:‘ '

“I don't know how long I. sat looking at them. I couldn't‘ 

have moved “to save my life--seemed turned into stone)‘, “ ii

  
   

“And all the‘ while the tiger was drawing nearer to  ‘

poor child?” ' _

,.7“,Ye,s,; ‘creeping along on its belly and showing’ its 

V “Gettin ready for the fatal spring?’ A _ . ,
its ‘ .‘r‘°:~,:*““..'°t°* ‘l.‘°....s.;se ~ ...~ .,~
‘nyousasian_,te U. 3 
.“I tell you I couldn’t‘Is’a‘:e  bad cu 

a thousand years.” ‘ ' . _ _, » , .
ffiiair turned  in s:si:’iglo;night? 1.
ft. '

fagreat

iifrw-¥  pd.‘ .’  gm”

        

working its claws in and out or their 

          
             
          
         
       
      
  

      
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
      
     
  
  
  
 
  
  

wild roar, it sprang. lleavensl  wouldn't endure thceagon
of that minute again to be esrdent. _ "
’”“Kill her? No, it struck its head agamstv the center pale
fauna rolled over, only tcaringlser dress with 1ts_ Ions. sharp
‘claws, and just drawing blood. 7 _  “

' j,"Thc girl awoke suddenly, saw the tiger and began to
scream, but didn't seem to l1<"4Y€ POM’? 30 m0Ve. and in am
other instant would have been torn to pieces. But just then
the ele hant appeared to understand what was going on.
saappe its ‘cl-;am5“g$,,  they had been thread, and came
‘gughmg into the ping, liited the child with its trunk, _trut_n-
‘peted and went for the tiger, tooth and nail, bored it with R3
tasks and trampled it, with the blood ﬂying from both, for
the ti er’: teeth and nailmwere not idle.

" at was I doing? I got _down. off the cage, but _saw
I;co“m“.t he of anylush anddldllit interfere until the tiger
ca‘-ed‘and tried m*3,,¢3k ;}wa)_'. Then I went to the elephant
id got the girl and carries her out and called for help.

Km ‘he ﬁg"; 7It"‘1'!llg pt about as well,_ for it never was
My good a§m,wa,.d_ Bin we had :1 terrible lilmt‘.'€‘.'0ax‘lng
’1lIelelephaat‘laway?,~e for when we got back ll: was crushing the
get under its knees." l I s W
“And the ,eliild?i,. yyas she hurt. .

“N “  — 1
«;§,’,_’§§g’§  Ever see . the» celebrated Medan; la

l_y ‘strong, tall ,woman,?e ,

 top. “‘4x¢‘;’jw§ allrrgrow. Well, that s her.

Go’ into’ gages?
aid,“ ‘them? {Not a bit of it, any more than when

>-5‘-is

 
 

 '1 ,r

:> I 

    
   
   
   
 
  

a11«»"£n§ in Persia are not
. tg (3-gaps, :==The.'Persian~arniy, in fact‘,
i rigtched‘-locfzltingixn the V:'ﬂ1'ldc’f.;f‘—   «
r uteri ~ dress. in, anything. =hsving— no
 Fr. as  
’   lgtho owe ‘it .y» a e as a we er-_
‘P9ts.°:1d"«P‘3”5:’Whl°h arc éarmfimmkeve

, ‘us nzethet t°i.ehur;aa."aeimr1 and to.

fig‘, ,  inla;l1.air..o£seotton
,§i§in?i:3n ital

   

Mixﬁ W5-

~ *Iam*eti'a_a
A60 feet; ’and_ ‘cart; »

a (ramp: a

New NICK CARTER WEEKLY,

Of course she doesaand makesthe ani~ ~

i France. Trade in these feat ers has a rea
§‘ﬁlo$8’wmething is done to improve the _

   
   
   

iiorpvarious bottalionsto t 7
no or ‘;l$8§‘..lIﬂkﬂ0W1‘)l‘ qua‘ tr; e

 
  
    

   Ir (pate itléeégginbét Qfl. ,
penI3er!t?0nt*etn_t r  ~
Married; law is cirtainyttilliitsmtxgi y
*'Mor‘s=. the?*.5r9¢°'*.
d‘»Pon;tc¢Qi rivets: 1
¢ wild 

3D

ing their smaller products to the market and bringing back‘
so plies for the hacienda.

n the early hours of the morning green bananas are
piled up along thewharves like cord—wood, baskets of coca-
nuts, pineapples, wild and cultivated lemons and oranges
and innumerable other products of the tropics can be seen in
enormous quantities. And it is surprising how quickly the
supply of the day is exhausted. A string of freight—cars
on the track opposite the market are waiting. for a portion
of most every cargo, and by noon there is little left but the
small fruits and vegetables in moderate quantities.

JAPAN GET$AiNEVISI.AND.

 

The Japanese report the discovery of a previously un-
known island ahout two hundred and eighty miles east of
Formosa. The discovery is somewhat surprising at this
late date. The Jtpanese ﬂag has been raised over it, and
the name Niehigawa has been given to» the island.

A Japanese agent, Mr. Nichihata, is very enthusiastic over
the discovery. He says it has great natural wealth.

He found in the waters between the surrounding ﬂat‘

reef and the shores of the island several kinds of marketable
shells and mother-of—pearl in abundance. There are also
inexhaustible supplies of commercial coral; and. better still,
he fotindenormous quantities of calcium phosphate on the

reefs that will afford the best of artiﬁcial fertilizer, and he /

thinks the supply is ‘sufficient to lieep miners busyfor ﬁfty
or sixty years. « e
As his vessel approached the island Mr. Nichihata saw a

cloud of birds hovering over it, and he found later that

they were of» a species which the Japanese call osadori.

These birds abound there in great numbers, and are counted  V

tamﬂng the vlltlable resources of the island, as there is a
good market‘ for their plums

theygare the ﬁrst
Europe.‘  L‘ .V  l

The ﬂora is ‘tropical, but the island seems to be «fairl
healthful. No r tile: or venomous insects canine found:
and the onlyyqua roped that

oﬂthe island's resources to

_ the island seems to po§s_css, is a
variety, of rat’ about gtlae size of a rabbit, This addition of 3
' ews score or square miles to the known land surface of 

eartllibidn. fair to add 8 little to the world’: wealth.

 

 

ding. thi 

    
 
 

yet. some strange 1_nagie.,of ,\\'b’icl1.;tl1y rireret’ bu ‘been.
oat‘ e autbnryrnakes .ltiio,’w' n

"nii’iiisppck.e:s—wiui.t_   s. . i ., ; 
The great Shakespeare" "—3_'tl'le'k oi {introducing thﬁ
rags: glia,ring‘u1Iel1‘roni§sm§.. r instanm, he makes it yeloc -
c. it ‘cut t

I,

in Eur e, argeeulariys V‘:'~4,
. 11: 3 X
lie slgilppedpto .. ;

_ Eveneczepdrienced writersrit may Vastonlslryoo‘ to learn,
1 eometimes_rnIke their chargetersydo astoim . > so ‘
‘Rohin;sozt7'Cruso¢...also, performed as most wonderful. gent.’ 
r V heivdeclcled toeabandon the yrreek and try ‘too/swim 
= where  prec:§ttlontp*re;II}Dve all his 12 prizes. and

in nmoadiréan  

 
    

 l
E

LATEST ISSUES‘!
  THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

The most original stories of Western adventure. The only weekly containing the adventures of the famous 

P _v_.__  . v Buffalo Bill.
, HIGH ART OOLORED OOVERS. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 CENTS. 3
396—B1:lfalo Bill’: Bluff: or, A Call-down for “Old Calamity.” 403-Buffalo Bill’: Private War: or, A Helping Hand for Overland Doc. f

397-BuffIBi1l’Tk or’1'heSti11Ht0nthSJ~ ffIBil1dh'I' IH .ThL ftheMissi'
398-—-Buffglg Bill’: D3:-'hel§‘sa3rd;’or,Trailin tlllxie Tigercof Eialihgn. 404-—Bu(;?o‘1)d, an t‘ twbe am”. on 2 “no on:

399--Buffalo Bill dtheﬁt 3 Thes ltomson . . . . . 
‘m__&‘ﬁaI° Bin Ed the Q“aaV'I:>m0tr’;' A aY¢c|';am¢ in spgﬁsh Gulch. 405—BufIf(ail: Bill and the Rope Wizard. or, A Tie-up with the Rrata

1——— fial B xx’ f ~ T T < 3'
‘° 3“ ,‘§,,,§.,,i,P“°'“" ° Dmh’ °” “'‘"”g H” “bl” °° 406--Buffalo Bill’: Fiesta; 0:, At Out: with the Duke of Cirnarron.
Gm--Buffalo Bill’: Treasure Cache: or, Ye Wong's Treachery. 407—Buflalo Bill Among the Cheyennea; or, The Rescue of Paquita.

THE BRAVE AND BOLD WEEKLY

All kinds of stories that boys like. The biggest and best nickel's worth ever offered.

HlGH~ ART COLORED COVERS. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 CENTS.
3l5—Runaway and Rover; or, The Boy from Nowhere. By Weldon 30—'I'he  Boy; or, Bound to Make His Mark. By Weldon 

0 we ‘l
316-The Home of Fem or, Gordon Keith’: Greatest Case. By Law- 32;..1v[ad¢_, M3,, The 30,. A¢1.,,,,¢.,,,,, 0,, Log 1311,, 1493 of an 5

rem White. In Ma d’. B F k Sherid
3‘7'—B”§)¢ch 1”“? Dxhl °" Adv‘”t‘”“ in th‘ ode“ By 1°11” : 322-Always th theyFrc:l: or, Foragun and Fortune. By Cotneliu
3:s—~com alum - 3obGt ' RoadU ard. B Ha‘ 55% :
Ifvipounﬁn angst‘ at’ am‘ PW Y me 323—Caught in a Trap: or, The Great Desmond Case. By Harrie ;
319-—-On His ettle; or, The Marbleville Mystery. _By Fred Thorpe. Irving Hancock. . 5

THE TIP TOP WEEKLY 

The most popular publication for boys. The adventures of Frank and Dick Merriwell can he had only in this weekly. *

HIGH ART COLORED COVERS. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 GENTS.
656-—Fx-ank Merriwell’s Red Visitor; or, Sport on the Ranch. 665—Dick NIerrlwell’s Good Cheer; or, Holiday: with “The Exiles.”
657—-Prank Merrh/ell’: Rope: or, The Pent of the Trail. 666-Frank Me;riwell's Theory; or, The First Day at Farnharn Hall. ‘K

658-Frank Merci-well’: Lesson; or, The Young Rebels of the Ranch. 667——Frank Merriwel1's Diplomacy; or, Suhduing a Bully. “
659——Fra.nk NIerrlwell's Protection: 0:. The Man Who Went Wrong. 668-Frank Metriwell’s Encouragement; or, The Awakening ofWlllie T

66ﬁ—Dick Merriwellk Reputation: or, Like a Snake in the Grass. est. 
661-Dick Merriwellk Motto; or, Fair Play and No Favon. 669—Frank Merrlwell': Great Work; or. Gettin the Right Start. 2
662--Dick Mertiwelfs Restraint: or, “The Prince of the Foils." 670--Dick Merriwell's Mind; or. The Ideal of  ‘T
663--Dick Merrlwell'n Ginger: or, A Check for the Crimson. 67!-—Dick Mei-dwell’: “Dips” or, The Mysterlous Movemmtsot slid.
664-Dlcl: Men-lwell’s Driving; or, "Flue Terror from Toronto.” , . 672—Dlek Merrlwell's Rally; or, Making a Fighting Finish. ’
For sale by all newsdealm, or wlll be sent to any address on receipt of price, 5 cents per copy, in money or postage stamps, by
STREET Q SMITH Publishers 79-89 SEVENTH AVE., N. Y.

‘* IF YOU WANT ANY BACK NUMBERS

dmuWochlluandca:m"tv£;‘xmethemﬁomymuuew:dedm.theycanbeobtained lromthhofiieedirect. Filloutthef Order
glankandnendlttous Asthlvafdceotthewceklluyouwontandwewiﬂwndthemtoyoubyreturnrnell. POSTAGE AMPS

.;._ 1'_£.vs_.§.;.,....Lg...;‘...Lu...;¢.a..._¢.u.ea_. ..-.4.

   

'l’l'IESAME NEY.
s1'lzEzT&sNn1‘1-L79s.v.a:hAv¢.,1<I¢wYo.k.  
RDeatsiru-Enelos¢dpleasefind................centsforwhichsendme: 
...... “.. 1,:
y    9 

.Nm"."._."‘.‘...._. ..£......, ooco a-ooooouoocuoonooooto-neocityoono -o-uueuomeevooooggoig

  

  
  

     

    

it   a sour». I-uausuzns. 79-as szvairru Ava, any

  

 

The Nick Carter Weekly

l%U@ EVERY SA TURDAY BEIIUTIF UL COLORED 00V$8 '

When it comes to detective stories worth while, the NICK CARTER WEEKLY contains the only ones that should
be considered. They are not overdrawn tales of bloodshed. They rather show the workings of one of the ﬁnest minds
ever conceived by a writer. * -’ .

The name of Nick Carter is familiar all over the world and the stories of his adventures are read eagerly by millions,
in twenty different languages. No other stories have withstood the severe test of time so well as those contained in the
NICK CARTER WEEKLY. It proves conclusively that they are best.

We give herewith a list of all the back numbers in print. You can have your news-dealer order them or they will
be sent direct by the publishers to any address upon receipt of the price in money or postage-stamps.

r

331~—Nicil Carter's Thumb Clue. -i-i0——The Fear-Haunted Broker. 507—Bare-faced Jimmy. the-Gentie- 572—A Bargain Wit Thief.

   
  
   
   
    

 

334-Nick Carter's Crooked Trail. 441-The Greenhouse Tragedy. man Crook. 573—Peters. the Shre Crook. v'”
835-——.\:ick Carter's False Clue. 442~—A Clever Grab. 508-—The Gentleman Crook’s Last574—The Mystery 01 the Empty
843—X~1ck Carter and the Phantom 443....'rho Mystery of the gr;-out Act. Grave.

W of Poverty Lane. Room, 509—The “S1-liddoo" of the K. U. & T. 575—'1'l1e Yellow Beryl,
343''’'3‘lCk 08"" 011 and 017 the 444——The Crime of Union Square. 510—The Last Of, the Outlaws. 576——'I‘he Dead Man on the Roof.

Scent 445-—A Millionaire Criminal. 51 ~Nick Carters Twin Mystery. 577~—A Double-barreled Puzzle.
352-Nick Carter and the Langwor- 446—'rho groadway Cross. 51 —-A Battle of Wits. 573_An Automobile 1)uel_

thy Treasure. 447-The Princess Possess.‘ 513—A Game Of FW9 M”“°1l5- 579——Jasper Ryan's Counter Move.
353—Nlck Carter Forcing the Fet-448—Tlie Quexel Tragedy. 514—Codman the Polsoner. 580-An International Conspiracy.

!el'S- 450-—Missing; a sack of Gold. 515'—Th9 P1Ot Of the POlS0Del‘- 581—Plotters Against a Nation.
854-—Nick Carter lrom Peril to451—The Great Cathedral Mystery. 51§-—'i‘he Mechanical Giant. 582-Mignon Duprez, the Female

Peril. 452—A Play for a Million, 514——Doris, the Unknown. Spy,
857—Nick Carter in it Finish Fight. 453—Tho Pear-Shaped Diamonds. 518-A Dangerous Woman. 583——A Mystery of High Society.
358-—Nick Carter and the Triple 455._Nlok ca;-gel-'5 Human weapon, 519—Madge Marley's Ghost. 584—A Million Dollars Reward.

_ Identity. 45e_1‘1;e Compact 01 Death 520~—An Automobile Mystery. 585—The Signal or Seven Shots.
859-——Nick Carter and the “Queen 457—T1;e Rajglfg Revenge_ 521—The Mysterious Stranger. 586—The “Shadow."

Of Diamonds." 458—A Tragedy of the Sea. 522—'l‘he White Arm of a Woman. 587—A Dead Man's Secret.
380——Nick Carter and the Missing 460——Kai1-o the Strong_ 523—The Man in the Doorway. 588-A Victim oi‘ Magic.

Jewels. _ 4e1——Nick Carter's Strange Power 524~The Plot of the Baron. 589—A Plot Within a ‘Palace.
361—Nick Carters Great success. 4e2__Nlcl; cane; and the Mo;-ix- 525—The Passenger on the Night 590 The Countess Zeta’s Detense.
362——Nick Carters Search for 3. burg Aﬂair. Local. 5 The Princess’ Last Eifort.

Motive. 483—The Millionaire Cracksman. 52€r—A Double Mystery. 59 The Two Lost Chlttendens.
383——Nick Carter's Double Capture. -i64——The Mystery Man. 527——Clarice, the Countess. :> . the Avenger.

Nick Carter's Capture at the 465—Scylla, the sea Robber, 528———C1arice. the Woman Detective. 594

Jenkins Bl‘Othel'8- 466—The Beautiful Pirate of Oyster 529—T1le 111119! Of Sellen Stars. 595—The Crystal Mystery.
367—Nick Carter's Suicide Mystery. Bay, 530—An Amazonian Queen. _ 596———A Battle of Wit and Skill.
370——Nick Carter’: Diamond Trail. 467——'i'he Man from Nevada, 531—A Blaci-tmailer's Paradise._ 597._vamleg-dyken, me _\muomllyo_
3'I2—Dauar, the Arch Fiend. 468-—Maguey. the Mexican. 532—Gll>Sy Madge. the Blﬂcklllnllelﬁ 598—Patsy's Vacation Problem.
373-The Queen or the Seven. 469—-Pedro. the Dog Detective. 533—~Fncins an Unseen Teﬂon 599—'1‘he King's Prisoner.
874——'l‘he Sisn of the Dagger. 47o—Tue Automobile Fiend. 534~—Idayah, the Woman of Mystery. 600-—A Woman to the Rescue.
377——'i‘he Last of the Seven. . 471-Bellini. the Black Hand. 535—The Making of a King. 601-—Niclt Carter in Japan.
382—Holdins Up a Nation. 472—Tlie Black Hand's Nemesis. 536-—‘i‘he Empire of -1 Goddess. 602—~Talika. the Geisha Girl.
383——Kidnaped in Broad Daylight. 473--An Expert in Craft. 537—Zanabayah. the Terrible. 603——By Order of the Emperor.
385——The secret Order of Associ- 474-Nick Cartel-'s Terrible Experi- 538--The Seven-headed Monster. 604- he Convict's Secret.

ated Crooks. ence. 539—The Woman of the Mask. 605—— he Man in the Dark.
886—When Aces Were Trumps. 475—I['he Mystery of an Untold 540——The Masked Woman's Daring 606-—/in Anarchist Plot.
387——-The Gambler‘: Last Hand. Crime. Plot. 607—The Mysterious Mr. Peters.
888-—'i‘he Murder at Linden Fells. 476-—Diana, the Arch-demon. 541—Hoho Harry, the Beggar King. 3o8.—A Woman at Bay. ,
s89—Mercedea Danton's Double. 477—Captain atan. the Unknown. 542-Black Mal-188's H0170 Guns. 609—The Balloon Tragedy. _.
390—The ‘Millionaire's Nemesis. 478—A Wizard of the Highway. 543—B18Ck MId8e’S Vengeance. 610——Nick Carter's Strangest Cu: .
391--A Princess 01' the Underworld. 479-—Ahducted in Broad Day. 5-i-i—A Tragedy oi‘ the Footlights. 811—'l‘he stolen Treasure.

392--A Queen of Her Kind. 480——'l‘he Tong of the Tailless 545——’i‘he Maynard Woman's Double. 612—'l'he Island of Fire.
893——!sabel Benton’: Trump Card. Dragon. 546——'I'hree Against Fiiteen. 613—'ri-ie senator’: Plot.

394-—A Princess at Hades. 481-—-'i'he Padlocked Mystery. 547——A Mystery of Two Passengers. 614—The Madness of Morgan.
401—l'l'he House with the Open Door. 482——Dema, the Dangerous. 5-i8—A Dead Man at the Feast. 615——A Million-dollar Hold-up.
402-'l'ho Society of Assassination. 433-—Nlck Cal-tel-'3 Murder Problem. 549——The House of Secrets. 618-—-Nick Carter‘s Submarine Clue.
604-The Trail or the Vampire. 484——A Battle Among the Clouds. 550-—The Lost Bank President. 617-—-Under the Flag of Chance, ,
405-Demons of the Night. 48&—The veiled princess, 551—Ralph Bolton's Double Plot. 618--The Case Against Judge Ber-
406——'rha Captain or the vampire. 486-—'l'he conquest oi’ a Kingdom. 552—'l‘he Dare-devil Crook. nar .

407—A Bank «President's Plot. 487—Tho House of Skeletons. 553—A Mystery train the Klondyke. 619-Down to the Grave.
408~—'i'he Masked Criminal. 488——A Queen of Inferno. 554-——Retul-ned from the Grave. 620—The Fatal Javelin.

409--The Cnrruthers Puzzle. 489--Nick Carter-‘s Foxy Adversary. i555~—'I‘he Mystery Man at 7—Up 621—The Ghost oi’ Nick Carter.
410--Inez. the Mysterious. 490-—Tiu-ee Times in Peril. Ranch» 822-A Strnnse Coincidence.
411——'l'he Criminal Queen’: Oath. 491--The Gold battered Dagger. 558-A Bad Man of Montana. 623-—Pauiine—A Mystery.
412--‘rho Point. of I Dagger. 492—r'l'hat Mysterious Altair. ' 5l57—The Man from Arizona. 624-—A Woman of Plots.

422——By Command of the Czar. 493——A Dead Guardian of Millions. 558—Kid Curry's Last Stand. 625——A Millionaire Swindler.
423-—'l‘ho Conspiracy of an lmp'ire.494—The Mysterious Treasure 559-5. Beautiful Anarchist. 626—The Money Schetners.

424~—A Queen of Vengeance. Hunters. i560——The Nihilist's Second Move. 627—On the Trail of the Moon.

429-—The Phantom Hi hwayman. 495-The Klondike Bank Puzzle. 561—The Brotherhood at Free 628—'1'he House of Mystery. 4
629-——The Disappearance of llol‘-~

430——A Million Dollar old-up. 496——The "Bad Mall" of Name. Russia.
431--Nick Carter and the Man with 497-The Black Flag of Piracy. 562—A White House Mystery. sieur Gcreaux.
the Crooked Mind. 498-—F'oliowing an Ocean Trail. 563-—The Great SPY System. 830-511 “elf?” '10 “mic!!!-
482--Nick carter‘: Convict Enemy. 499-—A Clue from the Clouds. 564——The Last of Mustushimi. 63t—'l'ho Man in the Biograph.
..!—'!'ho Pirate oi’ the Sound. 50o—PraxateI. of the Ii-onarm. 565-—Seci-ets of a Haunted House. 632—Tho Time-lock Puulc.
.4—’l'he Cruise of the Shadow. 502-—!smaila, the Chieftain. 566-A Myetefy in India Ink. 683-730 MOVUIK Picture I
435-—-A Prince of In! tors. 503-—N'lck Carter's Earthquake Clue. 567—The Plot oi’ the Stantcns. 634-—The Tiger-tamer.
480-—'!‘ho)lyiItory o! ohn Dashwood. 504-—Nick Carter Among the Bad 568—Tbe Criminal Trust. 635—A Strange Bargain. ._
48'!-—-Following a Blind Trail. Men. 589-The syndicate ct Crooks. 636—'l'he Haunted circus. v -~.
488——1'ho Crime of the Potomac. 505-—-The Man of Many Faces. 57o—'i‘ho Order of the Python. 637——'l"he secret on Privatenoqt

439-In the Shadow 0! Death. 506—A better from the Dead. 571—'1'ried for His Life. 638—A Mental X33101’!-

PRIGE, FIVE GENTS PER COPY

If  want any back numbers of our weeklies and cannot procure them from your news-dealer, they can he obtained
’ from this oﬂice. Postage-stamps taken the same as money. A

 

