BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
_ 4,: SEPTEMBER 26, 1924

I  Price 8 Cents

Perched. like 9. ﬂock of crows. on the nearby fence to boys .61) yea thelves in varios ways
at Dick’s_expanse_. At la.s_t_one boy threw a. clad of earth which knocked oﬂ‘
his hat. Hiarfdrmentors uttered a. about of glee

       

 

I   7  You A Radio ran?

Read Pages 24 and 25

FAME AND FORTUNE

.”.P¢d weekly;-subacgiption price, $4.!» per year; Canada. $4.50; Foreitn. 86.00.

cl! 3 ﬂtreet. New York. N. Y.

No. 991

  

,CﬁAPTER I.—Introduces Our Hero and Others.

   
  
  
 

A Dick Dallas was an orphan, who had wandered
‘into the State of Maine from no place in par-
ticular,/as far as any one knew, or could ﬁnd out.
Farmer Richardson had hired him when he ap-
_‘ ied for a temporary job one ‘day three years
‘ . ore, and had ke t him on steady ever since.
‘ The old farmer ha taken a great fancy to the
bright and enterprising bo , and insisted that
Dick should consider the ichardson farm his
home as long as he chose to stay. He treated Dick
so well, -letting him many other privileges not
usual] accorded by farmers even to their own
sons. at Dick made no effort to sever such pleas-
. antgconnections. He fully appreciated Farmer
Richardson’s kindness and endeavored to return it
ibytworking like a Trojan on the farm, so that the
farmer lost nothing by his fair and square treat-
ment of the boy to whom he paid a certain regular
vﬁiaend. -
Lately, however, Dick had drawn a portion of
his wages, and, through Farmer Richardson, had
chased a certain half acre of unproductive
ad with a miserable shanty on it. Here he
[tent a portion of his time digging holes in the
ixround. Whatever purpose he had in doing that
 0 could find out from him. ‘ ‘
~. old shanty. in whose walls Dick had one
day

accidentally found an old mildewed piece of
 which vaguely indicated the presence of a

 

 
   
   
   
  
 
  
  

  

  
  

     
      
    
 
      
  
   
  
    
    
   
    
 

  

  
  

  

‘ box of money sqmewhere within a hundred
 the south of the building, faced directly
 road with a fence running away from it in
‘ﬁber direction. There was no one in SIGN» and
‘ _ afternoon sunshine lay like a golden halo over
rural landscape. ‘ Diclfpushed the crazy door
 ‘one day and entered the ‘shanty. Going to
T‘, V 'n corner he lifted a board and drew out
voziovel ‘he had been using to turn up the
*ﬁBund tside. Replacing, the board. he walked
 e_ rear‘ entrance, and was presently dig-
afltesh hole in the sod. He had dug down
three teetjn this spot when his shovel met

--~: 2” he exclaimed excitedly. “I be-

something at last.”
p out a__!ew moi-esp

  
  

 
  
   
   
 

    

01!

Entered u Second-Clue latter.
the ‘Pout-Omen at New fork, N. Y.. under the Act of Hare

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 26.’ 1924 "7

   EVERY INCH A B

By A SELF-MADE MAN

- time?” —,

adafuls ofjteartlil.“ ‘

   
       
  
      
     
    

LY

bushel‘. lnc.. tel

élﬁfi‘

4'. «J
‘in Q»,

It gave out a dull sound in one place and a
muffled ringing noise in another.

_“I’ll bet that's the box I'm after." he cried.
dlE2'll12 out more soil._

In a few minutes he had cleared the earth away
suﬁicientl to be able to make out that there was
a sort of rass-bound box down in the hole.

“By George! 'l‘hat’s the treasure for a fact.
Now to get it out. I wonder if it’s heavy?”

He had to enlarge the hole now before hescould
get at the box so as to lift it, and he lost no time
in getting about it. The dirt ﬂew as it had never
ﬂown before in that field, and Dick was hot and
perspiring after twenty minutes of this kind of
exercise. However, he had made the hole twice
as big as it was before, and had cleared away all
the dirt from the top of the box. Dick, looking
down, could see that it was an old-fashioned chest.
not very large, but evidently very strong and
compact. ‘

“That's just what a man would stow his wealth
away in. I wonder who he was? A pirate who
wandered up in this neighborhood, or some chap
who buried his money here years and ‘ears ago ,
because he thought it would be safer in e ground ,
than in on'e of those State banks that afterwards  .,
went to smash and made beggars. I’ve heard,.of .-
thousand people who were well of up togtliat

5

Dick didn't waste any time trying to ﬁgureout
who_ the owner of the box was, or his motive in
placing it three feet deep in the ﬁeld. He recom-
menced the now delightful labor of bringing it to-
the surface where he would be able to carry it
away to the Richardson farm and open it at his.
leisure. It was not an easy job, for the box was ,
pretty heavy, and he had to do a lot more diggiigj, ‘
before he could loosen its hold in the ground. ‘

“I wish my pal Joe King was here." he breathed.
“He'd give me a hand,with this thing."— - _ -

He walkedto the fence and looked _in the direc-
tion of the shore, but there was no sign: o{ hit‘
friend anywhere.along_the road. He returned to

  
  

    
   
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
    
  
    
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
  
    
 

surface, where it lay betwen two mounds of earth,
concealed from the road.
 “Gee whiz!” he exclaimed, wiping the sweat
from his forehead, “but it’s heavy. It must be
ﬁlled with gold. If it is, there ought to be a good
i many thousand dollars packed away inside. I’d
never be able to carry this any distance alone,
and I doubt very much if Joe and I could be able
‘frto get it over to the farm without a wheeled
' conveyance of some kind. By Jove! I have it. Joe
‘can fetch up his ﬁsh-cart. That will be Just the
thing. I wish he’d show up. Won't he be sur-
prised when he sees thisbox?" _ . -
As Dick stood, shovel in hand, fanning himself
with his old hat, a crowd of the village boys sud-
denly hove in sight, coming‘down the road.

, Dick counted eight of them, and their presence
at tha_t particular moment greatly annoyed him.
7 ‘The whole country will know now that I’ve
-found a treasure trove,” he muttered, in a tone
"Of disgust.

 

A

CHAPTER. lI.—In Which the Brass-Bound Box
_ . Disappears. A

p, The boys soon caught sight of Dick in the ﬁeld,
and with a great shout the whole crowd started
for the shanty on a run, like a» lot of howling
idervishes. Dick watched their approach with a
feeling of resentment.

coming?”
_A roar of derisive laughter went up at this re-
 '

«-“ﬂow many holes have you dug to-day?” an-
,,other wanted to know. . « . , _
 “Going to plant potatoes?” inquired a third.

 — Or cabbages?” asked a fourth.

._ .;_,::‘.Or'telexraph poles?! suggested a fifth.

— ; "*'I_*‘eund any money yet?” asked another, where-
{; the whole mobyelled once, more. Dick stood
 watched them, coolly, without saying a Word.

“Say, Jwl1at'll you give us‘ to help you out’!.” said
 son of a neighboring farmer.

A e That’: right. Speak quick. for we're bound for
 ’ d1e',l),eu9_ha and time is money with us,” spokeup
  of the village carpenter. Although every
ey'e'was foes f on Dick. not one of the boys ap-
" .-to have riotked the box. It might have
. ,.tbat they took it for a mound of dirt, for it
_ ‘ tckly covered with the‘ clayey soil. Perched
,_ike'a ﬂock of crows on the nearby fence, the boys
gqnjoyed themselves in various way at ‘Dick's’ ex-
 At last one  threw a clod of earth
} hlchyknocked of ‘his at. His tormentors ut-
Eiiltredva shout of glee. Dick took their sarcasm
 , 1: good 'na-t:ui~e,.and.was content to en-
 gs long as they _kept_their distance. Ones
n-the bombardingjtrxe. every boy took‘ 9-
vo_  at pelglngd l)u;‘lxt Wlﬁll sttwﬁt clogs lo!
 —' g‘ wi eig w en _e In sies
 ‘part of his body. Di_ck dodged
‘ H ’ but he could,‘but made no eifort
~  ﬁre. Suddenly the boys deserted
 'tlr.,one accord, after giving
‘ . stated down the 1'°‘d.‘?W.8"l~

 
  

§
§-

    
  

   

    

  

   
  
 

2.

''‘‘Hello, Dick!” shouted one boy. “How are they.

Dick a‘

Jdrag-it."'
"

   

I. i«;vEiiY._ INCH A BOY

1

they failed to see thatbox. Pm mighty pl ,. .
they didn't, for I don’t want the world to know ‘
that I've found a box of money.’ .—

Dick went to the‘ fence and looked for Joe onoo ’_
more, but he wasn’t in sight. 

“Maybe he isn’t coming. His father may have ‘ ’
Eo_t back and won’t let him oil‘. I'll have to hide. - ;‘
this box ‘in the shanty somewhere until I can re- q-I
move it to the farm.” . _ . “

Dickfound it no light tax to drag the box even
such a short distance as the building, and when he‘
got it there at last he was greatly puzzled where
to secrete it. There was a loft in the place, but 
it was utterly out of his power to drag it up there. .
Finally he decided to dig a shallow hole outside y ——
the shanty, drop the box into it and cover it up. ‘
Looking up and down the road, and around the
ﬁeld, and seeing no one in sight, Dick put tha
plan into execution. , —

“It will be as safe there as anywhere,” he said" ’ ‘
to himself, after smothing the soil down. “Now-
I’ll go back to Joe's home and see if he can bring ‘.
his ﬁsh-cart and help me carry the box to the
farm." ‘ ,

Putting his shovel away, he started for the sea- ,
shore. Hardly had he set off before a heavily »
bearded, seafaring man, who had been furtively -' 
watching his actions from the window of the loft 1 I
ever since he began to dig, more than an hour 9
before, descended the ladder to the ground 
of the shanty, and, after making sure that the
box was well on its wav down the road. went out-  A ,
side and looked at the spot where Dick had buried '
the box. _ _ 

“So this is where be concealed the box,” mat:  F
tered the stranger. “He took it out of another hole
yonder. " I don’t quiteunderstand this business '
However, that doesn't matter. ,The box looks as if
it contained something of value. It was too heavg
almost for that boy to handle. I wonder whafn,
in it? Maybe silverware, or something of that’ 
sort. Perha s it's the proceeds of a robbery; I, '
wonder why e dug it up from one spot and’thar-_f - 
buried it in another? Looks suspiciously .suz~- »
gestive. Well..I shan't worry myself about that I * 
shall avail myself ‘of; this discovery to appropriate 
the box myself. .-Everything ‘is ﬁsh that comes to ~ -. '
my net. It was a lucky thing that‘ I climbed into “
the loft of this old shock for a short snoozethia ~
afternoon, otherwise I should have uiissed-this"-;,
prize. ‘ Now,_ I wonder what he did with Ida,‘
shovel?" D ’ ' .  '4 L ,

The stranger went back into the shanty '
looked around, but‘»saw no shovel. _ ‘ . '

“He didn't take it away with him, that's certgjn,
so he must have hidden it somewhere.” .  

Making a close search’ of the premises,‘ the
bearded rmunﬁnally discovered the loose. , ’
under which Dick had left the shovel. , .7‘ « >

“Ah, I've. got it,” he said, in a tone .of  .
tion, as he pulled out the spade from its hi ‘Er
place. “Now to unearth the box and conceal it up
a new spot where it will be safemntil Lean, run , .
move it to’ the .island."_ _ _. _~ ._, ,"’ ’ _.

It didn't take the strange man long to‘ dig. ,
the brass-bound,box.‘  V ' ‘

“It is heaVY.7’;he/muttered.» “Pm afi_-aid.
leave a trackmlpn: the ground when-czar ~

,, .

    
      
          
         
     
 

   
  
   

     

 
    

     
 

  

K
t

 

EVERY INCH A BOY

“No,” replied Dick, positively. “This is where.‘ I

— This was a diﬂiculty he had not foreseen until
that moment. He tried to lift it so he could carry

" it by stages in his arms. but the task was beyond

him. There was no other way of removing it
except by dragging it. The man scratched his
head and considered the problem. Finally he
went across the road, cut down two good-sized
tree-limbs. and carried them back with him to
where the box lay. Laying the limbs parallel to
each other, he placed the box upon them, and
then seizing the end of one in each hand he
started to drag the box oil’ in that fashion. He

V was a big, strong man. and this plan succeeded

very.well with him. He carried the box for some
distance down the ﬁeld. then went back for the
shovel and dug a shallow hole for the chest. He
covered it up carefully, and then marked the spot
so he would know it again. Satisﬁed with his
work, he returned to the sha ty, ﬁlled up the other
hole, and, removing as w as he could every
trace of the departure of 'the box, he put the

I shovel back where he got it from and started off

* < 7‘ across the ﬁelds in the direction of the seashore.

e.
a

so‘

5». .-P-
ape‘

He had been gone scarcely. over ﬁve minutes when
Dick and Joe came up the road, wheeling the ﬁsh

cart before them. _
“So you really think the box is full of gold?"

. ’said Joe, in an intensely interested tone.

“It must be, for it’s terribly heavy for its size.
The paper states that the box contains money, and
I hardly think it is silver coin."

“You re a rich boy, then, at that rate. You can
give up farming for good andpstart into some
business for yourself." , ,

“I suppose a fellow can do lots of things when
"he has money at his back.”

“Bet your life he can.
money.” » r ’

“What would you do with it?”

“I'll tell you what I'd do with some of it. I’d

‘I . ‘buy my girl Polly all the ice-cream and sweets she

-.i
V

‘L, .

 

 

' the box.
 for he was in a hut

  
 

could eat, then ‘she wouldn't have nothin’ more to

do with Bige Parker, and that would tickle me to_

death." —
Dick laughed.
_ “It takes the girls to get the money out of
the boys.” - ,
' “I guess money was made to be spent on your
best girl,” grinned Joe. “Well, here we are at
that old shanty of yours. We'll leave the cart
here and drag the box out of it. How much do I
' get for helping you to carry your money-box over
to the farm?"
“If it’s full of gold I
died dollars, all right.”
§Dick had got the shovel out by this time, and
he and Joe went to the spot where he had buried
The boy began to dig with great vigor,
to show the brass-bound box
tcrhi: companion. e dug down a foot, and then
began to look perplexed when his spade failed to
come into contact with the box.
"“’fhis is funny," he said, when. he had dug
‘néarly another foot.
» , “What's funny?” asked Zfoe, who
following his movements. _ _
‘It doesn’t seem to me that the box was more
jﬁan a foot deep,” "
' i ' flaybe you're diztin’ in
hiscompamon.

as-~ "

guess you’ll get one hun-

was eagerly

the ‘yromz Dlac:e."‘sug-

I wish } found some .

I buried it." i

“You've gone down more than two feet now.”

“I know I have, and that’s what is bothering
me," he said, stopping and looking intently at the
spot. “It couldn’t be that any one came here
while I was away after you, dug up the box and
carried it off."

The very suspicion of such a catastrophe gave
Dick the shivers. But when he had dug ‘down
three feet without meeting the box, which he was
positive he had concealed under only one foot of
soil, he leaned against the side of the shanty like
one who was met with a sudden and terrible mis-
fortune. ‘

“J oe.” he gasped hoarsely, “somebody has been
here and got away with that box. Somebody must
have been watching me when I buried it. What
shall I do?"

“Good gracious!" exclaimed Joe, aghast at the
words. .

‘The two boys stood and stared at each other
in utter dismay.

CHAPTER IIl.—Introduces Jessie Brown.

Finally Joe snatched the shovel away from Dick
and dug for a yard around the spot, but had to
give the matter up for a bad job.

“I guess some one was watching you when you
buried it, and then got away with it while you
were down after me," said Joe, sympathizing with
his companion in his loss.

“Who could it be‘!". asked Dick.

“Gee! I'll never tell you.” '

They talked the matter over for some little
time, but, as neither of them could throw any light

upon the mystery of the box’s disappearance, they '

had to give the problem up.

_“Well. let’s_ take your cart home. Joe.” said
Dick, in a deiected voice. “The box is gone, and
that's all there is to it. It’s hard luck, and no
mistake._ Somebody has got the beneﬁt of all my
trouble in ﬁnding it, and I shall probably never
hear any more about it."

.4

“It's a shame, suit" is,” replied Joe, who felt-

sorry for his companion, and disappointed, too,
over the loss of the hundred dollars he had fondly
counted on receiving himself.

It was dark when Dick returned to the farm, in .

‘a very disconsolate frame of mind.

Farmer Richardson noticed that something was
wrong with him and asked what’was the trouble.
Dick gave him an evasive answer, and went about
the evening chores as if he had lost the only
friend he had in_ the world. He had locked the
barn, and was about to cross the yard toward the
house,'wh_en he saw a dark shadow appear slowly
over the fence and then sink down beside it. >

“What's that?" he asked himself, peering over
at the motionless object. _

He watched it a moment. and. seeing that if

I did notstir, he went over to find out what it was.

 

As he approached the spot he was astonished to ‘

discover, by the_dim light afforded by the starlit
skykthat -the ob'1e<i‘téwas calgeeigaled -

“ y gracious.” ej h‘ bra
‘Who is this, and whatais she ddli:geherf2" ti.

  

 
 

  
  
   

    
     

5 x

   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  

.  or woman——-he was not sure‘which—

down against the fence, as if hiding, with her
true buried ‘in her hands. As he laid his hand on
er shoulder she sprang up with a suppressed
ream ‘and shrank from him ‘in terror. He could
see her face now. and it was the face of the
yloveiiest girl he had ever had the fortune to meet
in his life. But it was white as death. and a
hunted. appealing‘ look dwelt in her beautiful eyes
that went straight to Dick’s heart. ‘
‘ “What is the matter?” he asked, in a sympathe-
tic tone. ’ .

* It was evident that ,she had mistaken him _at
ﬁrst for some enemy, for now, recognizing in him

. isutstretched arms, cried in appealing accents that
thrilled him. through and through: '
.;. “Save me, oh, save me!”
— “save you?’ he answered
will; but from what?” ’
, ‘_“From-him!” ~
. “From him? Who do you mean?”.
. “Captain Harrup.” '
 Dick knew every -man, woman and child for
.~ miles around, but he had never heard of Captain
‘ Harrup. , ‘
"~:“Cap’n Harrup!” he
wt‘! don’t remember——--- — . .
-“He is thecaptain ofthe Firebrand, a Canadian
laootlegger,” she explained, in tremulous ‘tones,
with a fearsome? look’ over her shoulder in the
direction whence she hadcome, is if she expected
 r enemy appear _at any moment.

-r‘+ 1:‘

A‘? Canadian liquor smuggler, eh ?” answered’

_ .
in surprise. “Sure L

     

  

repeated, in‘ a puzzled tone.’

   

  
 

   
  
  
 
 

‘ u

‘The ‘Hay had heard that dutiable liquors, which
gene expressly excluded from the U. S. by the
prohibition laws,‘ was suspected of being landed
,..‘si{on*g" the. coast,‘ in that neighborhood. He knew

\

 <oﬂi’¢ia1s aswell, were on the lookout for a
‘L m_' crtaft which was believed to be engaged’ in
._’*Stote<_wh'q*wsreisuuposed to boarding and abetting
.siou’gg‘ie‘rs. ; A Atonsiderable reward had jneen
‘_ed’37y",b0th the State‘ and ‘county for informa-
 wlnch would lead to the arrest and conviction
6! the offenders, butthus‘ far nothing had come of

v

   

 
 

$92‘ yesimeried :i{e'i,aii uhlmpwn i,  lwvto
boy_'s’¢jaculat_ion, " "V .; ~' I,‘/rel"? ~
Bieek Iscratched h1s..head and looked at the girl
¥13Y- ’ .. "‘ ’« "
 is -your name?" the 1siked"h:er.,
ess_' Brown," she[repl' , in
increased agitation.  ‘

,run_ning-away from this Cap’n Ha’:-—«

   

-’ He has kept me'a prisoner on
an-island near here for months.”
‘’‘here,?, Do“ you mean E the
."'eagerly.' , ' 1 < 
ame of it,” wailed the girl.
‘ Bow fax‘-.o,_lf shore is it?'’ .

 
  
  

  

“did not appear to notice his presence, but cowered -

a friend, she threw herself at his feet and, with , r

, prise.’

A- the girl vehemently.

‘_—fthe'.government secret service men, and the -

’traﬂio.l and for sundry residents of the .

ac voicé thdt '

. he kept me a prisoner. This afternoon, while‘ i

. pan; and tried to. seizezn :' butishrieked and
~ V o_m0I.1‘z_fthe.tre€S 891:’

   
  
 

’ .“Yes. yes." V   V
“With two. tall white. rocks at the entrance
where the channel runs in?” ' 
“Yes, I remem r now.” —
“Those are the Spindles, and give the islan 
its name. I know the place. I’ve ﬁshed for 
mackerel off there many times. It’s a holy. terror '
of a spot to land on, I've heard. At any rate, I
never tried, because I couldn’t ﬁnd the true chan-,
nel, and also because I didn't have any reason 
to do so. So this Cap’n Harrup you’re talking 
about kept you a prisoner there?” ' “’
“Yes, oh yes.” , K, .:
u“7hy?77 V‘ \
“Because he wants to marry me.” ' _ _ ,
“Marry you!’ Why, you're only a girl! Yo 
don't'_look more than sixteen," said Dick, in sur-f ’—

O

  

“That is my age.”
“And he really wants to marry you?” . 
“He does; but I dislike and fear him," exclaimed ‘
“He is a bad and violent,
man, and I would sooner die than become 
wife.” * __
“Well, you’ve got away from him‘ now, so 
safe.” ‘ - '3”
“No, no. He is after me. He will drag
back and make me a prisoner again." .  “r
“I guess not, if you don't want to go back. What
right has he to compel you to obey him?” * 4 I -
~~ “‘He says he is my guardian.” ‘

' “Is he really so?”  , K
“I don't know. lie took me away from my happy:
home in Canada‘, where I had been brough = ‘
from my infancy, and "led me to believe , ,
through him‘ I should be reunited to my fathy"
and mother, Kvhose love I had never known." 5.‘. .

“Never knew your father and mother?” eiacgh 
lated Dick, in_ surprise. '*  ' '_, 
, - “No,” she replied, weeping bitterly. ‘I wasleﬁ .
an infant, to the care of strangers when '
rents went to England to recover come "property;
and never since have I heard from them. I ‘V
told that the steamer in which they 
from Boston founderedfat sea and all on 
were lost. I grieved .‘for them as dead untilﬂﬂn
man came and said that the’ story was false——'-their
they were alive and well in Boston. He said _ "
had searched for me for years in vain. He 
where they could be found and azreedto takegnow , "
to them. I believed his star -and accom . V" 
him aboard his sloop, the Fire rand. 'l‘hen.:,w, 3' 6
he hadvme in his power he refused to carry
his promise unless I would first become his \_I\ . U
He had his reasons for’ wishing me to marryﬂhhg l
--—reasons he would not disclose to me. I  i‘
not agree, for I disliked and distrusted him,‘an

     
              
    
   
      
 
     
 
   

   
     
 
   
   
   
 
  

  
     
     
    
    
       
  

   
  
  
 
 
  
   

   
   
  
   
   

    
    

and his men were ashore here, lmanaged to -
my escape from the cavern on the island, table; * <
boat that lay bv the shore.’ and rowed.tow‘a;‘~.1’¢hg '

coast. lianded just at dusk,‘ and-started’ i
cottage I saw not far 3W8y,~WhenfCaptgin‘  "
camegsuddenly upon me. Heswore a...d

    
   
   
 
 

 
   
 

  

 

. th__t*l'_; 8”’
_ :-in ouswg.-as -' ~g;‘E‘..f‘,'3»,,,’4"‘« ﬁe

  

   
    
   
  
    
     
   
  
   
   
   
    
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
    
 

i‘~.; v <'  

is surely on my track, and will never let up until
he ﬁnds me and drags me back to his vessel. He
knows that I am acquainted with many of his
secrets, and will strain every nerve to prevent me
from getting away entirely. But I do not mean
tobetray him if he will only let me alone ai‘i'd tell
lie where I can ﬁnd my father and mother," sob-
hed the girl. ‘ _
’?fBut you have already_said enough to brand
Jiim with suspicion," said Dick.
' “What have Issaid?" she asked, ‘in wild terror.
, 7 _“You have admitted that he is a Canadian boot-
‘ .. leizirer." _

,Ahl" she exclaimed. “But you will not tell any
onefwhat I said. Promise me that you will not,”
 entreatingly.

'  “Why should you want to shield a man who has,
according your account, treatqd you so shame-
fully?" asked Dick, in astonishment.

* f‘Because I want to learn from him where I can
‘lad’ my dear parents.” ~

‘-..“I am afraid he is not a man to be trusted.
 have him arrested. and when he is in jail.
Tend without power to further injure you, he may_
hefcempelled to make terms with you."

Before the girl could make anygrepl to this, a
‘stalwart bearded man rose from behin the fence,
jwhich he ‘cleared at a leap, and, rushing upon
her withan exclamation of triumph, seized her~
 the arm. r

.''SD 1 have caught you at last, eh?”

.. Jesse Brown uttered a thrilling scream and
ifaixited dead away in his arms.

 

CHAPTER IV.——Introduces Captain Harrup

 - and His Mate.

Who’ are you!" demanded Dick, feeling that,
after what he had learned from the hapless girl,

tonight to make a ﬁght in her behalf.
‘He instinctively asked the intruder that ones-
thongh he almost knew that the man was
..‘.. Harrup. \. ‘ n
‘ - one of your business, young man, who I am,
‘ed’ the newcomer, aggressively.

Yes, it i in business," answered Dick, plucki-
“This. girl claimed my protection."

Your protection!" sneered ‘the bearded in-

     
 
 
 

  

my protection," replied Dick, sturdily.
, our name is Cap’n Harrup, I believe?” A
 gave a start, and Fglared balefully

the night at the‘ boy.
,. _o says it is?” he retorted, with a touch of
Johan’. . ce in. is l"°"°~ ‘ Q

‘ .girl,—-T’-lessie».Brown.” _ .

1 .)Y0l,3 know her name, too.”
' ‘ r.s’i°"41"Sh° Md "iiwtoia " ii " '

, V ‘ 2 supposes e» you s e was'running

- rfrom me—.—her lawful ﬁzz:-dian, eh?'.’

'  though I don't ‘eve you are her

2" ._ , ' . .

  ‘ 1* s“ as ‘M rm"-:**.°L?:“-.*"“

..1'Y°‘."°“ ,. .3‘

‘C your slojibp, or onthe Sp_in<£es."
t§a*»io‘o.?"»  ‘ 

  

a

    

  

» . .

   
   

 

EVERY INCH A BOY

* ‘fShe’a  expla

   
 

“She did."

“She told you a lie. then.” said Captain Har«_
rup. ﬁercely.

“I'd rather take her word than yours," replied
Dick, doggedly. ' ‘

.“You would?"

“That's what I said." V

“What else did she tell you?" asked the captain,
a bit anxiously. . ‘

“No matter what she told me. »You’d better let
hﬁr go, or there’ll be something doing you won't

e.
Holding the girl on one arm, Captain Harrup,
with a ﬁerce imprecation, drew a revolver and
pointed it at Dick.

“Now, you young pup! Answer my question, or
I'll shoot you down where you stand. What else
did she tell you?" '

_Dick saw that the captain had the drop on him,
and, believing him to be desperate enough to carry
out his threat, concluded that the wisest course
was to answer the interrogation.

“She said you took her from her home in Cana-
da on pretense of carrying her to her parents’
home, and that when you got her in your power
you refused to fulﬁll your Droinise until she mar-
ried you.”‘

“What else?"

on

“That's all. except she said she escaped from '

the Soindles late this afternoon and rowed her:
self to the shore in a small boat."

“Did she say anything about———” ‘

The captain suddenly stopped, as if he thought
be_tt§r of uttering something that was on his
min .
_ “Are you sure that is all she told you?” he said
in harsh tones.

“That was enough to show me what kind of a ‘

man you are.” replied Dick. .
Captain Han-up regarded the boy for a moment
in sience.' He was in a quandary as to what

course to pursue toward him. He did not recog- '

nize Dick as the same boy he had watched bury
the brass-bound box that afternoon, which he him-

self had subsequently unearthed and hid in a di1'-  
ieriiﬁj s t; but it would have mattered little if.
g e

one so. There was trouble, however, for
him in Dick's presence and attitude. The boy

evidently intended to resist his intention of hear-  3 7
ing the unconscious girl from the ‘farm. While he

;':§t,°§’;‘§3...i°""‘..f“é'i.‘§:.*§’.1" w‘ii‘;"13i“. €Vi1tl}ii!:

Maddocks, .his*1nate, who had been helping him "

search, for the girl.

“Maddocks!" he exclaimed, with a sense of. re- ‘

lief. “You have come at a lucky moment. I have

caught the girl, but this young hayseed object: \

to my taking her away with me.” —
“What objection can he have?’ asked the mate.‘

' striding forward and regarding Dick with some

curiosity.

“He's got a quixotic notion inihis head that he i ‘D

 

     
     
    
    
        

   

must defend thepyoung lady. She has been blah.- 

bing to him——- ,

“Ha!”-cried Haddocks. ﬁercely. i“Has 

trayed us?"

.“I_ am not" sure,” replied Captain. Han-yup, “   D

I think not. .
‘What’: the

  
 

 wﬁths her.uow?"_

  
 

  

     
  
  

     
   

     
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
  
    
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
    
    
  
 
   
  
   
 
    
       
   
  
    
  

The mate gave a dry chuckle.
.‘‘Then. I guess you’d better carry her over to
our rendezvous and have her taken off to the
island.”
7 “Such is my intention. I should not have
' waited so long in doing so, but this cub objected”;
“Objected, did he?” said Maddocks, .with an un-
pleasant laugh. _
“She claimed his protection from me, he said.”
“Oh, she did! Th_at’s pretty good, I must say.
,,Come, young fellow—‘right about face_and march.”
‘ “Hold on, Maddocks. He might raise an alarm
; and cause us to be followed, which might lead to
‘ unpleasant results for us. You’d'better lay hold
‘of him and keep him quiet until I have had suf-
ficient time to reach the old ” C
' “Hush!” warned the mate.
“Well, you know where I mean,” replied Cap-
’ - tain Harrup. .
“I do. There is no need to name the place.
, You .go on “and leave me to attend to this
‘youngster. I’ll answer for it that he does not get
,. .. away from me until Pmpready to’ let him go.”
‘ ‘ — With those words Maddocks suddenly pounced
« upon Dick and backed him up against the fence.
. ‘-‘Now, don't let me hear a whisper out of your
,» ,, ‘jaws, or something will happen that you‘ W0n’t
.~ e D -

7; be’

He spoke in a tone thatshowed he meant what
, he said, and Dick saw that he was quite helpless.
in his hands. « '

cnsrrnn :v._n... Dick and Joe Visit the Old
, g V p Ruined Church by the Shore.

A ' Captain Han-up uttered a satisﬁed laugh, raised

\.

the fence, disappeared in the gloom of the ni ht.
some minutes passed away, and the mate watc ed
h,ie’prisoner like a cat does a mouse it is play-
  The night was comparatively: still, the
silence being’ouly broken by the croak of frogs

thernearby creek and the call of various night-
mls in the distant wood. From afar came the
‘ w, musical cadence ofthe surf breaking upon
" ‘shore, a mile or so distant. Suddenl Dick
,and his captor heard some one coming up e lane
. histlina .
.wf'Don’t you dareopen your mouth now, or I'll
’ " said Mr. Maddocksin the boy’s ea_r.
 ,w ' tler came closer.‘ Du-kt recognized in
', V [whistle his friend Joe Kmg. Joe marched to
ithefvkitchen door of the farmhouse and knocked.
The  girl came‘ to the door. She told the
yi_sitor,‘1whotn she knew well, in response to his
that Dick hIdn’t come in from the barn
“ ' re he had gone immediately after tea.
. started for the barn. This was what Dick
3 r  waitiaanfor. I-le suddenly grappled with

mate cl.->the_Firebrand and shouted for help.
r ; -..«..  woiagisand alga that he was in
§uuhlo,7 C ‘stunted :to assis ance. -

 found» that the two sturdy lads

to  wlthsvwerc more than he "could
y So,  theni—o;l', he sprang over the

 ,re¢:~":_i-ie«:°.nick,.excitea1y. . -
_ _ thntfellqw L

    

O
E
U

      
 
     
 
  

        
  

.itEvm }1r~ioH A’ Boy‘

Jessie Brown in his arms, and, clambering over.

2 ’Whnt’athe_uae1"

,_‘

  

“Not after that man, but after another chap, .
the captain of the craft that is smuggling lipuor .
into the State." * - ' . -

“What do you mean?” asked, the mystified Joe.

“Never mind asking for an explanation now.

I want you to help save the finest little ‘girl in
all the world from the clutches of a scoundrelf,

“Who is the girl?" asked Joe, not a little aston-
ished.

“I to d you not to ask cuestions, but follow me. A
There sn’t a‘ moment to lost if we're going to
save h r.”

As Dick vaulted the fence and started off in the
direction taken by Captain Harrup. Joe was com-* v
pelled to follow him without any further explana-
tion, or remain behind in the farmyard, which;
of course, he would not for a moment think of
doing.

Captain Harrup ltd had a good start, but. bur-
dened as he 'was withrthe senseless form of Jessie ‘

rown, Dick ﬁgured that it would take him some "’
little time to reach the beach, and consequently.
he hoped to be‘ able to overhaul him. Dick also
thought he had a clue to the captain’s destinad
tion. Captain Harrup had told his mate to hold
on to Dick until he had time to reach the old-—— »
and there he wasrchoked oil‘ by Maddocks. Dick .
ﬁgured that he meant the old, dismantled church '
that stood a short distance back from the sea, on
the edge of the ancient little churchyard. where
the dead of the village had been buried for a hun-~ '
dred years back. The sea ,had gradually en,-
croached on this God’s acre until now the church

' in quxtion. which had been supplanted by a more" *

modern building nearer the village. hung almost i
above the sea at high tide. .

Nothing had been left,in the ancient church ,_ .
when it was abandoned but a cracked bell in the _' "
crumbling steeple, and this could occasionally be 
heard tolling mournfully on stormy nights when i
the wind from the great ocean played about it. _; ‘
So it was in the direction of the old church that »
Dick hurried, with Joe at his heels, as fast as‘ _- 2
they could make their way across the ﬁeld: and ‘
through the wood in-the dark. The music of the . ‘ ~
surf grew louder as they drew nearer-_to vtheﬂf
shore, and when they finally reached the beach
they could-see the white rollers rising and falling
a few yards away. So far Dick had seen nothi _ g
of Captain Harrup and the girl, or even of W 
liam Maddocks, and. the boys, rather winded, re- 7 .25’
laxed their speed to a fast walk. ' '

“What about this girl you want to save from I

 

e

 

rascal, Dick? Who’is she?” N , 
Dick gave him the details.  is ab‘?
“You said he was a smuggler, didn't you?’  .

asked Joe. , I ‘«
“So the girl told me-—-a liquor smuggler. Hi T 

ntust be the chap the government men have been.

after these three months past. I am satisﬁed  
the Spindles is his rendezvous off the coast. Audf‘ ,
I believe the ‘old church down by th 
ground is usdd as a landing-plaée to the liquor‘
brought ashore at night when the ‘sloop is in 
neighborhood. It’sV',a wonder the revenue mix
haven't got on to that fact.” “
‘‘That’s so," replied Joe. “It would hen’ _ .
thing for us if we could ﬁnd out something _

     

      

would lead to the detection of the em '1
tba:e't_qg. reward, as   of E

  

information. I believe it's over a thousand dol-
lars; I wouldn't mind earning half of that amount
if I got the chance.’ _ _

V “Well, Joe, I think.we're in a fair way to earn
it, if my idea of the situation turns out to be the
correct one. While my main purpose is to rescue

,Jessie Brown, our success in that direction will
probably result in the overthrow of the smugglers.
If we can corner them. and then land them in

jail, with the help of the revenue men, we'll prob-
ably get a large slice of the reward.”

The boys were now drawing near to the old
churchyard and church, where the ancient tomb-
stones looked hoary and mildewed. and stuck up
out of the sod at all kinds of angles. They passed
close to the churchand looked u and down the
Ion ‘stretch of surf-pounded beac . At ﬁrst they
could make out nothing but the silent sand, then
Dick saw two objects walking_ rapidly in their
direction. He was almost certain that they were
Ca tain Harrup and Jessie Brown. Even as he
loo he saw a third object jump out from among
the bushes and join the others. _

“That's Maddocks," he said to himself. Then
nudging Joe, he pointed at the advancing persons
and said brieﬂy: Here they come._ The girl has
recove”red her senses and is walking beside the

’n. ' ~O

I ﬁiding behind the stone wall, under the shadow

f of the church, the boys silently watched the ad-

vancing ﬁgures. Inside of ﬁve minutes Dick was
able to identify them beyond a doubt. —

“That’s Cap’n Harrup in the middle," he told

   
  
   
 
   
    
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
    
   
 
    
     

09- .
. “And that’s Jessie Brown, is it?” Said -I09»
' watching the oncoming girl with no little curios-

V “Yes,” replied Dick.
- Captain I_Iarrup. leading Jessie and accom-
, : panied by his burly mate, hurried forward, with
1an.occasional glance over their shoulders, as if
they feared‘ pursuit. Reaching the broken founda-
tiongfof the church, where it overlapped the beach,
they paused to assure themselves that no one was
in sight. Then the captain uttered a signal
 whistle. In a moment or two a lantern ﬂashed
 from the vaults. Seeing which, _Harrup, dragging
the girl -with him, entered the ruin, with Maddocks
‘close at his heels. The lantern vanished. and so

did the smuggler captain, the girl and his mate.

‘.

‘ VTCHAPTER VI.—In Which the Finger ‘of Suspi-
’ cion Points at Abnﬁr Parker and His Son
ige.

 Gwen, Joe,"\sai'd Dick, “I guess there isn’t much
} daibt now about this old church being the secret
shore rendezvous of the ‘V10l8tO!'S of the excist‘.
‘laws.’ _ _ p
‘The only thing I see is for you to make your
way to the village as fast as you can and gather
* 1 a‘ crowd of volunteers to come here, surround the
,ch_n.rch and capture all that are inside.” '
— ‘What are you 801"’ to 107"

‘Stay around and keep tab on the rascals." _
", ‘ “You can't prevent them fromaettinz away if
-mire aniind to do so," said -_loe. . -'

. ‘f suppose not," admitted Dick. ~- “I hope they

  
 

\

  

  
 
   

EVERY INCH A, BOY ' 7

won't make a move to leave here for an hour or ’

two yet, and that will give you time to do your
part."

“All right. I’ll get a hustle on,” replied Joe.
“Hello! Here come a couple more of the crowd, I
guess." "

Dick looked along the beach and saw a man and
a boy approaching. In a few minutes they came
near enough for the boys to see their faces quite
plainly.

“Why, it's Bige Parker and his old man,"
whispered Joe, in some astonishment.

Dick had recognized them, and was equally sur-
prised.

“I wonder what they're doing down here at this
hour of the night?" he remarked.

Mr. Abner Parker and his son walked straight
up to the ruins and stopped. Then Bize but his
ﬁngers to his mouth and gave utterance to a
peculiar whistle three times in succession.

“Now, what do you think of that?" gasped Jo,e.
“Bige and his old man must be in with the liquor
smugglers for a fact." ' ’

“Looks like it, doesn't it?" said Dick.

A man with a lantern presently issued from the
ruins, walked up to Abner Parker and ﬂashed the
light in his and Bige's face.

“Well, my man,” the boys heard Mr. Parker
say, “I, guess you ﬁnd me all right, don't you?
This is my boy Bige."

“Wait here till I report you to Cap’n Harrup,
Mr. Parker,” said the man.

He turned around and vanished the way he
came. In a few moments the light ﬂashed in the
ruins beyond, and a voice bade the newcomers
advance. They obeyed and disappeared under the
_wreck of the old church.

“I’ll bet old man Parker is one of the chaps that

is in this plot to rob‘the government and beat the
excise,” said Joe, as he started off in the shadow
of the wall, leaving Dick to watch the church.
‘ “I.’d like to get into the vaults, if I could do so
without being detected," thought Dick, when he
was alone. “l’ni mighty anxious about that girl.
“I’m wiling to take a long chance to rescue her
from the clutches of Cap’n Harrup.”

With much caution he made his way to the rear
of the crumbling ediﬁce. By'the aid of a pile of

fallen stones he pulled himself up to a windowless ‘

opening and crawled inside the building. He tip-
toed over to where the pulpit had once stood and
began to examine the stone ﬂooring with great

v care. The moonlight was now of great advantage ’

to him. as it made the interior of the church al-
most as bright as daytime. At length he made
out a big slab‘ to which were attached three pair
of heavy hinges. and on the opposite side there

Were two bis: iron rings imbedded ateach end of- I

the slab. _ .
“I've found it,” he breathed, his blood quicken-
ing under the excitement of the moment. “But-
I don't believe I'll be able, single-handed,1o move
it. It has probably remained untouched ever
since the church was allowed to go to ruin.”

Dick, however, had no idea of giving up without '

makin the best elfort he knew how to overcome
the di culty. So he laidhold of one of the ring:

and pulled. The ponderous appearance of the; .7 

slab gave him little hope of success.

So delicately adjusted was the stone for moving, It

 

  
 

 ~ -..-.

   

 
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
  
    
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   

'1 however, that despite its size it soon began to
” yield to Dick’s tough muscles. Little by little it
’ rose from its socket, disclosing a dark void below.

When the stone reached a perpendicular posi-
tion it stopped and would go no further. Dick
had some matches in his pocket. He lit one and
ﬂashed the light down into the abyss. He saw

a dozen stone steps as solid as the rocks on the

seashore, leading down into the vaults.

, “I wonder if those liquor smugglers know of
this way of access to the ruins below? I’ll wager

they. don’t. I may be able to get right amongst

them ’without their knowledge. That will be

~ great. It will serve as a ﬁne way of trapping

_ them when Joe brings back a dozen villagers to
round the rascals up.”

Dick descended the stone steps and came to the
first of a series of low vaults. The crypts, w ere
bodies had once been interred, were bare o the
moldy coﬂins, for they had been removed and
buried in the more modern cemetery. Dick sur-
veyed those vaults by the aid of matches, that
i burned with a dull, bluishlight instead of the
‘ ordinary bright ﬂare. The boy had no interest in
them except so far as they helped him forward in
the object he was striving to attain. Much to his
.chag1-in there seemed to be no outlet from them
except the low arches that separated them. When
he reached the last one he was about to give up and
return to the church above. when his ‘sharp eyes
‘detected a streak of light shining through a crev-
ice in one of the walls. Investigating this, he
Cfound it came from a large cellar beyond. The
I room was ﬁlled with’ a score or two of mackerel
 A keg of real French brandy was concealed
inside 05 each kit, but so cleverly was this done
_ . that to all outward appearance they looked in-

. nocent enough, and not even a skilled revenue
‘ agent would have suspected the ruse. A ship's
‘lantern stood on top of one of the tiers, and an
to pne side. Close to the stacked-up mackerel
Abner Parker, while beside him stood Captain
Hanrup.’ The two men appeafed to’ be on familiar
’terms, and conﬁrmed Dick’s opinion that Mr.
Parker was-the shore agent for the‘ contraband

 

CHJIKPTER VII--Divscloses a Few Facts About
, . the‘ Liquor Smuggling Business.

f 1 on ﬁnd the number of kits correct, according
to the schedule, don't you, Mr. Parker?” said Cap-
~ tain Harrup, when his companion had ﬁnished his
enumeration. -, _ n 2
C“Yes, captain, the count is all right," replied
Abner Parker. , i . .
*1" every one of1:hem)1as a keg of the best
I I: cognac snugly stowed away in its in-
—.qi¢_loo,".said the skipper of the liirebrand, com-
plaoently. as he puffed his good cigar.
Ah, ' ptain Kai-r11P._, this is a great scheme of
.  for hoodwinking the revenue officers. So
" « itrhas worked like a charm. Two weeks ago
’ . happened along as my son Bige was

- ’ a load of these things to Rockport. _He .»
into the ‘wagon asehe passed, but, seeing.
?,  g mackerel kits. X

‘W3

l'\

     

}/» r .,

. 1... '

    

‘ arched doorway communicated with another cellar’
kits. and evidently checking oﬂ their number, was .

‘that reward for putting the government on the

 
  

" ,4» -u h:<i."_',

 '  V;'l*."‘  3 fr‘ ‘’ l— ‘V
 ﬁn EVERY INCH A BOY.

O ' ,
he continued on his way without the least sus-
picion that he had been within arm’s length of
something he would have given a good deal to
have spotted. It is a great idea.” . /’

“..Yes,” nodded the captain, blowing out a cloud
of tobacco smoke; “it ﬁlls the bill right up to the
handle. Now, how many empty kits will you have
on hand for us to take off to the sloop to-night?”

“I have about forty.” —

“The boats will come ashore a little after mid-
night. Have the empties here before that hour.
Then you can carry back a load of these full ones,
and afterward get the balance up to your place
before daylight.” _

“Bige will attend to that all right, captain. He’:
a pretty slick boy, Bige is. He’ll have every one
of these kits in our. barn before cock-crow.”

“Good. You brought the money with you, I
suppose, to pay for this lot?” '

“Certainly. The sum we agreed on is "

“Twenty-four hundred dollars,” replied Captain
Harrup, promptly. «

“Why not make it an even two thousand dol-
lars?” said Mr. Parker, persuasively.

“No, no, Mr. Parker,” answered the. skipper,
with a strong shake of his head. “The lot is dirt
cheap at twenty-four hundred dollars.
take a ceyyless.” ‘

“But I ave’ only two thousand dollars.”

“Hand it over. I’ll trust you for the balance."

“I don't like to carry a credit account to you on
my ledger,” said Mr. Parker. _

“Then send the four hundred dollars by your
son Bige when he brings down the empty kits at
midnight." ‘ -

Seeing that Captain Han-up was ﬁrnr in his
demand, Mr. Parker counted out the two thousand
dollars, and promised to send the balance by his
son that night. Captain Harrup stowed the bills
away in an ipner pocket and oﬁered his companion
a fat cigar.

“Come into the other cellar and we’ll drink

success to our next venture,” he said, taking the‘. 

iagntern from its roosting spot on the top of the
1 s. v

fl suppose you'll make another run this time
thirty days hence '!_” said Mr. Parker, as he fol-
lowed the skipper toward the arched opening.

“If nothing prevents. you may expect to hear
from me about that time," replied Captain Har-
rup v

lar, leaving the one where the kits were in dark-

ness, except for the streak of illumination that

shone through the arched doorway. '

“Well,” said Dick, who had overheard every \ ..
“Mrl  , I

word of the foregoing conversation.
and Bige are hand-in-glove with -the liquor smug-
glers, beyond a doubt; but I guess I’ll put a spoke

in their wheel. So there's a keg of French cognac '
Aid 3588 

in every one of those mackerel kits?
is to carrﬁlthem up to his father's barn before
sunrise?
about the matter. Pm going to get a slice of;
track of the smugglers and the receiver of-,.the_’
contraband goods. It will kind of, reconcile me.

the loss of ithat,  I had all the .' ,,

. I

.-,

 

,I couldn’t I

hen» the two men’ retired to the adjoining cel-A l

 

aybe he will, but if ,he does, they'll cl
never get any further, if I have anything to .say'_i. .

 

 
    
   
     

  

. ‘of diggm' ' f somebody else to beneﬁt by. I
wonder if‘! ‘¢l:iiuliih’t manage to get into that cellar
some way? I'd like to get a further line on Cap-
tain Harrup and Mr. Parker."

Dick struck a match and examined the _wall
where the crack was. He found it was in a
crumbly state, and it looked as if it would not take
much prying at to make a hole sufliciently large
for him to crawl through. He set to work_witl_i-
out delay, and soon the stones came out in.h:s

“ hands, one by one_, for the mortar had very little
x hold on them. Dick worked diligently to accom-
plish his object. _He had some fear, however,_ that
the wall might give way_in a big chunk, with a
noise loud enough to bring the smugglers IMO
that cellar to find out the reason for the disturb-
ance. Fortunately nothing like that_happened.
As soon as he had made an opening wide enough
for him to pass his shoulders through he stopped
enlarging it’ any more. After listening to the
sounds that came tohis ears from the adjacent
cellar and having satisfied himself that the per-
sons in there were not likely to make their ap-
pearance through the archway for a while, at
least, he scrambled through the hole he had made
in the wall and soon found himself standing in-
side, within, easy reach of the mackerel kits. He
made his way at.once to the arched opening and
looked into the next cellar. It was twice the size
of the one he was in, and*Was furnished with a
 plain deal table, at which Captain Ha_rru_p, Wil-

' Ham» Haddocks and Mr. Parker sat drinking and
smoking: half 'a dozen tools, a small iron stove.
._ with a pipe leading out hrough the further wall,
‘ 3? and various other articles which it is unnecessary
*’ to particulariae. Bige Parker sat on a stool close
"’ to his father's elbow, with a cigarette between his
lips and a glass of something that looked stronger
than water in his hand. Near the archway was a
piece of sailcloth thrown oper some invisible ob-
Ject.‘ and it immediately occurred to Dick that
ihere was an excellent hiding—place for him if he
could reach its shelter without being discovered.

This w snot an easy feat to accomplish, as the
cellar w brightly lighted up by two lanterns.
.'l‘he men appeared to be absorbed in the conversa-
:.. tion, while Bige’s back was presented to him; so,
”' _ after some reflection, Dick decided to;chance it.

He ot down on his hands and knees and crawled
quic y toward and presently hid himself under
the sailcloth. No one saw him do this, and he
congratulated himself on the success of his ma-
neuver. He found that there was a heavy iron
box, not very large, under the sailcloth. As his
_ . ﬁngers ran over its dirt-encrusted surface and
 ‘ - rested on a handle at the end nearest him it sud-
‘*1 denly ﬂashed across his mind that this box was
” 'very like the one he had dug up near the old
shanty on his -half-acre plot. A strong suspicion
 gradually formed itself in his mind that this
 might be the same chest. Should such be the
actual fact; it was certainly a in stery how it
Tcaine to be in that cellar. It cou d only be ac-
 counted for by the fact that some member of this
 crowd of smugglers had seen him dig the box up
7- and afterward reburv it close to the shanty. Then,
_ taking advantage of his short absence from the
app! when he went after Joe, and his ﬁsh-ca‘rt,
had dug it up and dragged it away to some place,

1, .—.

    
   
  
   
   

EVERY, INCH A BOY’

_ Captain Harrup.

\.

whence it was afterward conveyed to the old
church.

As the reﬂection struck him that he had a
chance of regaining this box of money, his blood
began to tingle with a fresh excitement.
now a tripleobject in circumventing the liquor
smugglers, namely, the rescue of Jessie Brown,
the recovery of the lost trea‘sure—box and the pro-
spective reward that would surcly be his if the
rascals were captured through his efforts.

“I don't see a sign of Jessie Brown's presence
down here,” he said. to himself. “I wonder where
the cap’n stowed her away.”

He remained very still in his hiding-place, for
fear one o'f the persons in the place might notice
a movement of the sailcloth, which would natural-,
ly arouse his suspicion that something was wrong.

Of course be easily heard all that was being
said at the table. ‘

“I should think your movements would be closely
watched at St. Johns,” remarked Mr. Parker to
“You see, the revenue people
are satisﬁed, that contraband’ liquor is being
smuggled into this State at some point along
the coast, and lately their suspicions have at-
tached to this locality. I suppose the reason for
that is because the Rockport, Rockland and War-
ren druggists have not been buying much liquor
of late from Boston, for medicinal purposes, of
course, and yet they seem to have an unusually
plentiful supply of extra ﬁne brandy constantly
on hand. in spite of the fact that physicians have
found it necessary to issue an increasing number
of prescriptions calling for brandy. Then. too.
every well-to—do resident, as well as about every
farmer, has a private (lemijohn in some secret
spot,in his premises. As a matter of fact, the
authorities have discovered that alcoholic liquors
were never so plenteous within a radius of one
hundred miles of this spot as they are now."

Captain Hai-nip‘ and his mate laughed heartily
at Mr. Parker’s words.

“Yes,” replied. the captain, “the Firebrand is
getting to be an object of suspicion at St. Johns.
There is no doubt of that fact. The Newfound-
land authorities don't care a tinker’s blessing. as
they are losing nothing, but the American govern-
ment has several secret service men on the watch
there. I have discovered the identity of two of
them who have been nosing around the water-front.
But what can they make out of the sloop but a
simple ﬁshing smack? Woalways sail in an open

9 .

He had p

a

way on a mackerel cruise, and mackerel are to be-

found along this coast as well as elsewhere.
When we return to St. Johns we're loadeddowii
with the ﬁsh. No one who has watched the sloop
has ever seen us take a single cask of brandy or
a solitary case of wine on board. How could they,
when we haven't done so? The Brand and other
liquor is carried out of St. Johns, an sometimes
other Canadian ports, by another vessel, that
meets us oil’ soundings, where the transfer is ef-
fected. Then I land the stuff at the Spindles,
where we keep the empty kits. There the brandy

kegs are packed in the kits, and when not taken i i

into Rockland are landed here. You know that it
wouldn’t do to bring too many kits of mackerel
into Rockland under existing conditions, lest dis-

covery of our methods might come about. and that I‘ A“

 

 
 

 

 

    
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
      
      
   
  
  

u would be the end of the‘ business. That’s wh I
, selected the lonesome stretch of shore near t '5
' . church to help us out.” ’
_ .~ “I understand,” replied Mr. Parke;-. “You seem
_ tube a pastmaster at dissimulation.” .\
’ “One has got to be quick-witted when dealing
. p, “with the argus-eyed officials on the lookout at all
A "times." , -
“Well, I guess I've got to be moving,” said Mr.
Parker, ﬁnishing his glass and rising to his feet.
. " “It will take an hour ‘or -more, after Bige and I
, -{get home, for him to bring those kits down here.”
= “One glass more before we part, Mr. Parker,”
said. the captain, reﬁlling the glasses from the
‘ ‘stone jug on the table. “Here’s success to a con-
tinuation of our trade, and may you have no
‘trouble in getting the contents of those forty-odd
' kits in yonder cellar on the market.”

This sentiment was duly drank to w~"r.h much
enthusiasm on the part of those so vitally inter-
ested in the nefarious traffic, after which Abner
-Parker and his precious son took their departure
from the place. -, \

in W CHAPTER VII!.——Treats of Captain Harrup,
. His Mate, and Jessie Brown. ' .

gaptain Harrup and’ his mate remained at the
e.

V <_“What are your ultimate intentions toward the
'.'1!irl. cap’n'!” asked‘ Maddouks. ._
 "‘Why, _I mean to marry her, of course. I
~ ‘ thought you knew that."
 “I’ve heard you sa so half a dozen times, but
I’do’n’t see you doing it.”
“I baven’t— been able to,win her over to my way
thinking as yet; that’s the reason the ceremony
_ as been postponed." " ‘
 “Will you ever win her over? She's even more
opposed to vou now than she- was when she first
came aboard the sloop.” V _ ‘ _ .
‘€011, she'll get, tired of holding off, and being
kept under hatches, after a while.” .
“If you don’t' do something to the point with
regard to her soon it will lead to trouble. ‘She
all but got away from you to-night-"W
“I "know she did; but she won't get another

  

    

. ‘captain, vehemently.‘ ,
 “She might have 1‘uined'us if she had.got clean
and ‘told tales," wplied Maddocks’. “She's a
fugerous‘ adjunct to our business, ‘cap’n. Some
,Qé3ﬁS7_§l0$'t'b€"f0Bnd to insure’ her silence. If
. he sweet on her, ‘and can't live without her,
‘gjqwd better mairy her right off the reel, whether
else’; willing or not. Then her own interests will

it iodoubtkeep her quiet."

    

  
   

ﬁche,’ ta young thingfor a man ‘of my years."<
‘I'heh_what’s your obfect in hanging-on to her?”

   

' siderablo property that I'd like to get my
¢‘..°u‘yp K I . .‘ .

'1,-*..is_ﬂtat.-the'w:ay the wind blows‘! V You
jgitmarrytng her that u’ll: come _in« for

,e to giveius the slip soon again," said the '
i -' this cellar. Yonder it lies under that bit of sails}

L133-isn’t that I'm sweet on herfhladdocks. She’: '
of the matter is, she's heiress to a .

it as that?” T

b some robbery  this ‘neighbor

 

“ : sirsnrlizncn ‘At my

unnecessary time in having the knot tied. The '
sooner the better, for your interest as well as
ours." V» .

“I know; but a forced marriageis not a legal
one. Things must be done up shipshape in order‘ .
to arrive at results.” ' '

“How long have youknown her?” - ,
“I've known her, in a way, ever since she was A

a little girl and came under the roof of an old 
comrade of mine. Brown isn’t her right name,
but is the name he gave her when he gather.
His wife was nurse to the girl's mother, and.
because she was detected and'dismissed from~a Z _
particularly soft berth for taking things that be-
longed to the grand house in which she was em-,
ployed she reveng-ed herself by kidnapping the 2
child and carrying her off to Newfoundland, where
she kept her until lately, when I persuaded the f:
girl to come aboard my sloop under pretense of
restoring-her to her; parents, whom she had always “
supposed to be dead until I told her they wasn't, , ,
and that they have never really ceased to look for 
her. which is the one straight fact of the co .k-and- ‘
bull yarn I handed her out. 'She's been deadto,
them these twelve years, but they still have .de- ..
;ecti"ves searching at intervals for some trace o£~- :
er. I " -

“Herfolks are wealthy, then, I‘s’pose‘."’ 

“Yes. Got plenty of worldly goods.” ' '

/ “AH of which she’ll come in for one of these
days, if she's allowed to return to them, eh?”
, Captain Harrup nodded.

“The most important point to me is that her
grandfather left her abcut ﬁftv thousand dollars :11
when she was three years old, just before she was 
stolen. That is still being held in trust for.her,‘, 1
and is the golden, object l’m after.” ‘ . v -  "‘

. “Where does her folks live?"

‘ “ln Boston.” ' ~
“Andtheir-name i's—--—" ’ - 
“Oh, come now. Maddocks. you .don’t expect Illa f,

_going to tell you the real secret, do you?" 
Captain Harrup, with a short laugh. ‘ ’ "
The mate lau lied, too, and reﬁlled his glass. it "1
“Well, here's oping that you’ll get your ﬂuke;
on the rhino," he said. “Now, let’s talk .about.l»
more interesting subject to me.” - — 
“What's that?" . .. . ~ ~

“VVhy,»1:hatvbrass-bound box I helped you 
down from the spot where you had it buried -to

s.

2;

 3 “

 

    

     
         
      

e

       
     
  
  

cloth.” -_
“What about it?"
“I-want to know what’s in it."
“Well, what -do you think is in it?”
1“‘tI tlfiink_ i1; hold: something valuable-—s.Il
p a e or ms ance. ' . 
' “Oi money.” ~. ’ r.‘ -
,  wouldn't {zit-’i'gh—-—" ‘L
e wou , . - “
“:{‘¢,‘ll(lInt'ttt§l give money thafmakes it weight
:3 en. V l 
‘ “Silver plate ‘and.otJIer~ like‘articles."
“What makes you suppose it-contains such

 
   

      
 

F

    
     
    
     
  
 
 

  
  
  
 

, ‘Because I‘ imagine it holds the
be,  .

  

 

* ‘out of the cellar.
,5." Harrup sat for a while smoking the last of his

‘ -Vii " She‘ obeyed. There were traces of

   
 

\_ . ,

 -I think it more likely that the thief would keep

that in his pocket. Now, it is different as re-
rds other kinds of swag which has to be turned
into money—that’s always a more or less danger-
ous matter, for it can traced.” \
‘ “What makes you think the contents of the box
is stolen property? To my eye, that chest looks
like a_'very old one that had been a.good many
years under ground. Some old miser around here
may have buried his gold in it, and. then died with
the secret untold._" _ .
“You may be right, Maddocks," replied Captain
Harrup, reﬂectively. _
“Right or not, what I'm _trying to get at is
what is coming to me out of.1t."
“For helping me to fetch it here?"
“Exactly; and for assisting you to get it off

aboard the sloop. It's right I should have a share,’

isn't it?" _ _ 4'
“I expect to give you a portion,
not a full half.”
» ‘»‘I’m not looking for half. You found it, and
have the first ‘call upon it, but I think that about
a Quarter would be a fair divv_v."
Captain Harrup looked as if he was not par-
ticularly anxious to hand over as much as that
of his find, which, he privately believed to con-

‘ sist of property of considerable value. Finally he

agreed to his mate's proposition, though he did

it Erudgingly. Then he looked at his watch.
“It's haIf—past ten," he*said.- “Suppose you go

out and talk to Noyes for a while. I’ve’ got some-

v\" thing to say to the girl.“

_“All right," agreed Maddocks‘, draining his
1 glass and rising from his chair.

The mate recharged his pipe, lit it, and strolled
After he had gone, Captain

cigir, a apparently thinking deeply. At length
-he to ~ the butt away, got up, went through
an opening in the cellar, and presently returned,
leading Jessie Brown by the wrist.
“Sit down,” he said to her, resuming his former
seat at the table. .
tears on her

cheeks, and her manner was much depressed.
‘I want to know when you are going to marry
' me, Jessie?" said Captain Harrup, leaning his

 V arms on the table and looking at her. The girl

made no reply, nor did she raise her .eyes from
the floor atrhis question.

“Still obdurate,..eh‘."' he said harshly. _““This
afternoon on made your_escape from the island,
and only at I fortunately happened to be near

 l-eﬂme shore when you landed you might have given

me the slip. As it was, you did’ manage to escape
for a while. What were you saying to that young
,cub you met on that farm?" -
.. “Nothing that need worry yo ," she answered,
with an effthte , I

' l‘Yon mean you did not betray the business that

 brings Ins to this coast-—is that it?”

' ‘Yes.’ -

V ,"Biit you told him about yourself.‘ You told
drill’ I had taken you away from your home in
Canada, promising to restore you to parents you
Ladwthought dead. You told him that, didn't



EVERY‘ INCH A BOY

   

5

II

“You also told him that as soon as I got you
aboard the sloop I refused to carry out my prom-
ise until you married me. Isn’t that true?‘

“It is."

“Why did you conﬁde all that to a .<tranger—a
common farm bo_v‘."’ °

Jessie remained silent.

“Answer me!” he demanded sharply.

“Because-—because—I "

She broke down, bent her head on_tlie edge of
the table, and began to weep bitterly.

“Because you were a little fool,” he said an-
grily. “No doubt you'd betrayed the whole busi-
ness if I hadn't come upon you when I did.”

“No—-no," she sobbed. .

He stroked his heavy beard and regarded her
a moment or two in silence.

“What would have prevented you from giving
us away?” -,

but certainly ‘ “I wouldn’t..want to send you or the others to

prison,” she replied in a choked voice.

“Very considerate of «vou. indeed.” he answere-l
sneeringly. “If you think so much of my saftey,
why won't you marry me and put an end to your
captivity?”
th“?ecause I never can care enough for you to do

a -PI

“I'm too old for you, I suppose? Well; I’m not
a young shrimp, it is true. I’m a man able to
provide for \'_ou in a proper manner. I’ve 1‘-1
doubt I could make you happy enough if you’d
look at the matter in a sensible way. I've got
2noney—-a good bit of it—-and I mean to have
more. If anything happened to me after we got
spliced it would all go to you. Then you'd be a
ﬁne, handsome young widow. There are lots of
girls that would tumble over themselves to get
me if they thought they had a chance. Forty-four
years wouldn't stand in the way—not much. No,
nor ﬁfty-four, for that matter. You are a little
fool to turn down a good thing. However, I don't
mean to be turned down. Do you hear me? I've
made up my mind to marry you, and when I de-
termine on a thing I always put it through by
hook or by crook. The best thing you can do is
to yield at once. Then when the business is done
up brown I'll take you to your parents.‘

“Are my father and mother surely alive?” she
asked, with tearful eagerness.

“They are.”

“Where, oh, where are they?"

“They're living in Boston.”

“What is my real name?’

“"You will know that after you have married
me.

“You will not tell me now?"

“I'm not such a fool,” he replied curtly. 3

“How can I know you are telling the truth‘!
How can I tell but this is a trick on your part to
make me marry you‘! I do not love you—-—I never
can: but if I was sure that I would see and em-
brace a dear mother and father whose love I have
so long been deprived of I'd—"

“Well?” said the captain, as she paused with a
little shudder.

"I'd consent to marry you,:' she replied in an . L:

almost inaudible tone.

“If you were sure, eh?" he said in a‘ tone of‘.

satisfaction. “I hay; here all the necessary
deuce to prove who you are,’ he said, putting
- “ __ L .‘

  

I".'

   
  

   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
    
  
    
  
   
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  

  EVER
hand in his pocket and bringing out apoeketbook

in’ " r’s.

must swear to stand by your promise.
agree to that?”

Then I}?
sailclot awa . Dick Dallas ‘lay revealed before
;’ isﬁastonish . eyes.

i CKAPTER IX.—-In Which Dick Finds Himself
  ' in a Tight Fix. ,

‘Jessie Brown had followed Captain Harrup's
inmgements with her eyes, and whenthe sailcloth
,3; was’, cast aside. and our vounzzvhero was nlainiv
"5:  seen crouching beside the dirt—encruste(l
"' st. she instantly recognized him, though she
g only seen him once before under a starlit spv.
gtinétively she. clasped her hands and uttered
suppressed sci-eam.,
, 3b'it’s you. is it?
 amazement, recogrfzing the boy as the
satpe,-whohad stood up for Jessie Brown at the

ﬂiﬁiérdson farm. ,

the Firebﬂind.

‘F1 tame after my bo'x,” replied Dick, adopting‘
‘jhw.-se;$‘8B‘0l'l the spur of the moment.
‘.‘i¥ft«e1_= your what?” '
What box, you young monkey?” i ' «
That brass-bound chest here. lt’s_ mine. I
‘Wrap and then you stole it from me.” '
_ V words caused Captain Harrup to identify
' the boy he had seendig up and afterward
. thebox. A much more serious question
the ownership of the brass-boundvtreasure
_ exilnfronted-the’captn_in. . ‘ ,

ow long had the lad en concealed under that
{of -(snilqloth, and w at had he heard during
time!" i

s A PF”: . . . . a .
, ‘agent to know if you're going togive u

 Diclc, ignoring the question.
or my auesticn.” thundered Captain

id._you get "in here ‘arid when?” gritted
p that

   
 

 

"we , ed’ 7in

‘  p 3 little while’ago,” Dick an-
- u..» ’_-ﬂarrupe put a whistle to his‘ lips and
" vMr.*Ma,ddocka responded at once.

- , i you want, cap’n?”_'he asked.
' "  khd’ign Dick. .
s .1 vhndaea. 

' ' ’ ‘ "him?'f;’asl;ed._
 a looltei

     

   

Yi men
When we return to Newfoundland we'll go to d
, Before he reads the ceremonv that
xv‘, ma._ke,us one you shall look at these papers
and satisfy yourself that I have not deceived you;

I will place them in your hands you
Do you

Before she could answer him a loud sneeze came
 under the piece of sailcloth that covered the
brass-bound'treasure—box. Captain Harrup turned

«ground and looked at the tumbled pieces of canvas.
rose and walking to the spot tore the

\

" roared Captain Harrup, in.

jumped to his -feet and faced the skippe_r -

 came you here?” demanded the captain. ‘

    

  
  

 

rims}:  7

over to me to watch-—-the chap you found the girl .‘
with—and he gave me. the slip with the help at ‘
another lad who came up shortl after you had »
gone off with the young lady. at’s he doing‘
here? [How did he get in?” ’ _'

“That’s what I want to know. Take a lantern
and examine the next cellar.”

The mate grabbed a lantern. entered the ad-
joining cellar, and returned in a moment or two. ,.

‘‘There’s a big hole in the north wall that wasn’t. .
there when the kits were stowed away. He must -
have got in that way.” ' .

“You watch him while I take a look at it," said
the skipper. «.

He took the lantern from the mate's hand and“
entered the next cellar. When _he came back he. —
was madder than ever. V _ i . - 7-_

“It's clear he broke through from the vaults, :4
beyond. There must be another hole~somewhu’e
beyond communication from the outside. The 
cub has followed us, and he’s evidently beenhere
long enough to learn enough to ruin us. What,- ‘.9.
shall we do vﬁth him?” ' '

“The first thing will be to tie him
escape,” said Maddocks.

“Get apiece of rope and do it, then?” replied  ”‘
Captain Harrup, drawing his revolver and point-  -
ing it at Dick. “Since you've seen lit to poke  . '
nose into a liornet’s nest, yoiiyoung cub, you must ;
expect to be stung.” . , l

The mate -re‘adily._found a small len
and approached Dick to tie-him.

I

up so he can't"-‘— :

   

gth of  ‘C

The boy dodged so as to place the mate  
Maddocks endeavored?‘ ; 

him and the pointed pistol.
to grab him but failed.
“Stand still or I'll shoot you,”
Harrup, alteri
boy again. _ _ ‘ _
_- As he utt ed the words Jessie Brown spnni H
between Dick and the captain’: aim. ‘ p , 7" -4
,“Stand out of the way, Jessie!" stormedthe
skipper. ‘ '9 ,
<“You shan’t shoot him!" she cried, desperately.‘ . 
_“Seize her, Maddocks!" cried Captain Harrup, ".
furiously, advancing himself. _ " " q,’._».‘si
The mate made a spring at the girl and laidfii
hold of her. The skipper walked up to Dick and .
thrust the revolver within an inch or two of his
nose. M’
“Now, then, Maddocks, let the girl‘ go and 
this slippei-y.interloper.”., fat‘
The mate obeyed and in two ‘minutes ‘Dick _ \ .
a prisoner ‘with his arms secured behind his‘ \
“Thrice him up to yonder stanchion.” dis-ec_tedk%
Captain arrup. , - - ‘ ‘  »
Dick was ‘duly fastened to a post at t.he"baah’fnt 7'?
the cellar.j - -‘  L-ii
“Now, my girl.” said the skipper, pIJﬂ$ll'l2—§h€
lantern on the table, “you’d"better go back to 
cake till the boats arrive and I can‘;end yo ‘
to the'sloop.*’ ’ . .
He grabbed her by the wrist and ma.rche'd>,h‘it- *
‘off by the route he had brought her into the cell‘? M :
In a few moments-he returned, '  , .7 lg
y“Come‘here; ;l_[addocks," he said. “We’l1 hfdiﬁ’-° xii
-‘*0 W’?! W8 Y0 chap award 9f.+"t1ie.slo°1I3E3¥
rela’er'"’-"."  4'   “ “ ~ .@;‘ 

roared Captain’
ng his position so as to cover the;_

   
  

      
  
   
       
 

    
   
  

   
 
     
    
 
   

.4

  

 "T .5’

   
    
   
 
  
 
  
  
 

‘ Haddocks shook his head to the last suggestion.
“No bloodletting in mine,” he objected.
. “There is no silence like the silence of death,”
- persisted the skipper. “He has our secret in his
' possession, and if he e§capes——"——"
_ , “We mustn t let him escape. _ _ .
1 W “Of course not; but if we permit him to live
" ‘there is always a chance of his outwitting us
when we're off our guard. For my part I should
 like to lose what I've worked so hard for.”
_ . l“i:leortI,"’ replied the mate; “but murder I draw
; ‘ « 3 a
...»“Seems to me -you've grown mighty squeamish
all at once,” sneered Captain Han-up, with a
 “I don't call it murder-—it's self—preserva-
- ‘I don't see any need for going to extremes with
. We've got him .in our power. We ought
'  ableto hold him as well as you've held that

:1/.



‘Andmight Aescax}e gym us Tjluslé aﬁothgt 53
 nanaceo ing. a It

7 in but of his own free will and ought to take
. n g ' '

I ."0f eoursenfiffll have to take the sonsequences;
‘ but those consequences need not mean his death."
:— “Well. e’l1 le ve the matter for all hands to
decide on.w We'reaall in the same_boat, though you
‘and I hakvethe most tto lots}eI.ha‘Il‘§iis lad is a 
£ello—— nsee awi aneye—an es
bound to give us a whole lot of trouble unless we
 ‘ﬁasco l_iimheﬂect_ively._t As lid said bﬁfore (iii
~ ‘haul make is escape l wou en goo -
..- b toadus the businéassf. thOu§tatgps would bﬁ

' eonﬁn to pavemen o e prison, an

i :.“‘::i P*:"**im*L*:.*°“‘“ bass‘:
. sti er opaon erewor a
E, o for our detection and conviction. We
ghould he as completely ruined as any man that
ever went through a court of bankruptcy.”

_ .‘‘I reckon I value my liberty as well as any of
7 YIN. and woluld risikeliife angl limbqto pi"lelsier5'efit.:!'
17”” pmpeny°-tin’ the 13%‘? ..'.a, in §'°:air 33:,
 hesitate to shed’ blood to_ save it; but
3'd;n'o;oner lose all than put my neck into the hang-
‘nan noose. .

‘There's no danger of our doing that. If it's
so decideddthatlthe boy is 1;: beuput dolitaﬁf ac
waywe"l.l raw otstoseew iwi une e e
ichand that can be arranged in such a way that
 of us will know who the lot falls to. Then
 will disappear, and that's all there’ll be
~ 3'1 don't like it," replied Maddocks. “It's my
‘opinion if we deal fairly with the chap he will
 tray us.

’ ‘Oh, f course,” returned Captain _Hai-rup,
‘ggujeally. “I s’poso‘yaufd vote to let him go free

.

  
    
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  

i

, to'~his ‘honor. Bosh! The first thing

 dgwould be to put the revenue oﬂlcers on to

1  pug game. I wouldn't trust »a man's oa‘,th.
>*’-r.. . .. ,‘1_he_]'circumstancea, much less a~bo3-'_s.”

twliam Haddocks _s'limgged~ his shoul ers and

 3, glass of liquor. forhimself, an example

_ . ~ - . hy the skipper. jﬂiev drank in silence. .

‘-4  time torthe boats to come

 1;-:",.~:v..v:.t.:i:i=.d°~° is

    

 

EVERY INCH A BOY

 
 

 


13

The two men left the cellar and Dick Dalla
to his own reﬂections. '

CHAPTER X.\——Describes How Dick and Jessie
Made their escape from the Smugglers.

“I guess I'm in a pretty tight box.” mIisevlVDi'c".
after the skipper and his mate had left the cel-
lar. “I wonder what they'll do with me? Thank
goodness Joe wasn’t in here. too. He ought to be
back here soon with a crowd large enough to take
these three rascals into custody, and release me ‘ ’
and Miss Brown. If I could only manage to free
myself before these chaps return, I could perhaps
release the girl and then we both could make our
escape by the way I entered.”

With this idea in his head he strained away
at the cords that bound him, but found that Mad-
docks had made a pretty thorough job of tying him .
to the past. He couldn't possibly get his hands «~ ‘
loose.

“It looks as if I'm a ﬁxture until somebody cuts
this rope,” he said to himself disconsolately. ‘

1.
’§J
vi

You must go with ' 

  
   
  
   
       
   

At that moment Jessie Brown looked cautiousl-'
into the cellar. Seeing no one she came forward
and looked around. Dick saw her at once and’
called out in a low tone:

“Miss Jessie."

She looked startled at the hail, and for a mo- ,
merit stood trembling in her tracks. Then her. "
eyes rested on Dick and she ran to him. °

“Quick!” he exclaimed. “Cut me loose."

“I haven't a knife." <

“Put Eur hand in my pocket and you'll ﬁnd , 7,.
my jack ife. It’s got a sharp blade that’ll go 
through the rope as though it was cheese.”  9:;

Conscious that every moment was precious J08‘: 
sie lost no time in getting possession of theknife. _‘ 
A minute later the cords tell away from the pri- ’
soner and he was free.

“Come, let's get out of here.
rue." ,

“Yes, yes; but how can we get out of these i
cellars’? The only entrance is yonder, and that is
guarded by one of Captain Ha:-rup's men."

“There is another way.’ ~»

“Another way?" she ejaculated

“Yes, the way I got in."

“Ah!”

in some sulprise.

T7‘.

em;
._"-
s

“I broke through the wall of the next cellar
Come. I will show you." .. v -
He led the trembling girl into the adjacent 
lar where the kits were rtored. It was dark, of
course, but Dick knew the way to the openings,
he had made, and with his hand'on Jessie’: arm’ l‘
he brought her right‘ up to it. :.~ «.
,f {'11 never can get through there," she said dauht- ~ I
u y_ . .
“Yes you can, when it’: a caseof must. I'll go?’
l.h2‘O‘l]l%h first and then pull you through after”,
W8!‘ . ' 3
“Where does it lead to?” she asked.‘
“The burial vaults." - k ., ....
“Oh!” » . - ‘ '  I;,_.:_
“And thence up a storwstairw to the‘ ‘“
of the church."  .  _ s j
. . , “Howcan wsgot _9ilt'.(I$—ﬂIC'ehn{&f9 _ .

—.

 
 
 
  
  

    
   

     

ayfin

  

yr

 
 

 EVERY: .INCH~ ,'A" BOY. D »
down on a mass. of crumbling earth that the tidiaa

had undermined.‘ It would have been easylor,
him and Jessie to leave the church and gain the‘.

beach by this road, but it would lay them open to ‘
immediate recapture, as they must surely be seen

   
   
  
    
 
     
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
  
    
   
    
  
    
     
   
  
      
 
    

I
_ f‘By the same way I got in——tlirough one of the
w.iridowless openings.” _ _ ‘
,She'seemed‘ to be satisﬁed and Dick, after listen-
ng a moment, crawled through the opening into

C‘
U‘
0
¢
93
C
1-
C‘
'4
3
Ga

" e As soon as he had landed on the other side he
helped Jessie through also. Then he hurried her
through the dark and creepy vaults to the stone
stairway. '
‘“ “Now follow me up and we’ll be out of the build-
ing in a twinkling." .
He ran up the steps, and the girl followed close
behind him. “
’ “I may as well close this slab," he breathed,_let-
ting the heavy, but nicely adjusted slab down into
‘ its socket.
Like two shadows they crossed over to the win-
dow by which Dick had entered. Here a real dif-
Lﬁculty presented itself. The ledge was just out
' of their reach. Dick hadn't thought of the matter
_when he entered, for his thoughts were wholly
engrossed with the one idea of zett1mr_1nt0 the
‘,church v ults. Now it looked as if their escape
was block d. However, it was not Dick's nature
to be discouraged by obstacles. Whenever he ran
against a snag he put his‘ mind to work to try
and §et._ai'ound it by the easiest manner possible.
’  “How can we get out'.".’ asked Jessie, anxiously.
’ . A‘ ‘I can lift you up, then you can scramble
through and drop on the other side.”
,“But how will you manage yourself?”
' “Oh, I11 get out somehow,” he replied reassur-
t

y: .
3B~;lIsz;’§(therehany.<t)lt:l‘;§r way?” eghe asked, not ex-
_, i ing t e me propos . _

' Iy.‘d_on't know,” replied Dick. “_We can in.
. f te, of course, but time is precious with us.
The skipper and his mate may return to the cellar
.  ’moment, and when they ﬁnd! I have escapﬁd
3 _ yre ‘bound to follow, and t en we "may e
.,,:.,«g§ght on thervery threshold of freedom. _
1‘I’ll do anything you say,” she answered in a
‘steal ed tone. ,

' here's a couple of doors in the gsacristy,” he
id; “but I’m afraid they’re locked.” _
He led the way into a «small, bleak apartment in
V gear -lot the ’crum§lau,i!g1 edlﬁif; tstrikmg ;
e ooked aroun saw e we narro
srateither end. He tried one. It was locked
he had feared. The other was just as secure.

Blocked aigain,” he "said. “The window seems

.-to be our on y ance. ' .
” They returned into, the body of the church
gain. Dick glanced around for something that
.‘"{ would make their escape easier. _ He saw a dark
 gtjtéif ii; lend of the church where it
_ _ pped C C - ‘I ' , -
_a5|:l\aps; it was something that might assist
.£lt7lMl'le;;e3§‘cl8ld tohJes:ie. l b g, _
,_ _ en he gr ‘ ross t_ e s one s a s composing
 *°°*.;. .?‘*....i“::‘:..?.'.°::.:t..*“.i::¢.:.'::.:-a be a
. bfroui“  shore in the church and left
One or them we‘ ._ -Ierve their purpose-
peing "it beneath the window they could
. thee in; and thus reach the goal
1 hopes-i ». _ oreikkins nossesswn of the

 » . fthe heavy front

  

 
 
  

1,.’ 

  

 

_out from her and headed for the shore. Down 

 doc. of
 ‘ttk w9y.he_19§f°¢'-

    
  

 

at some point by the man 11 watch in the ruins.
Under such conditions Dic would not chance it. ~
So he closed the door, got the log and carried it
over to where the girl was impatiently awaiting
his return. He stood the piece of driftwood at an

. angle under the opening, crawled up to the edge, ’ ‘

and then steadied it so that Jessie could follow.
Then to leap off on to the pile of debris on the ,
outside was a simple matter. The churchyard,
with its straggling array of dilapidated head- ’
stones, lay before them, bathed in the moonshine."
Dick, however, did not propose to retreat vuy
far from the church, for he wanted to be on hand
when J oe.came up with his force of villagers. In-‘
deed he expected them to appear at any moment
now. for it was close on to midnight. Dick looked
around for some place where they might hide
in comparative safety from the pursuit whiclrbc
judged would not be long delayed.. ’ -
Not far from the church, andiclose to the shore

wall, was a dilapidated tomb. It stood under”the_ ’
shade of a«wee‘ping willow. Some weeks before
Dick had peeped into it when he was down that _
way, and-he now recollected that it oﬂered pa ‘ 
excellent refuge. «It was erected over a vault. and ‘
was dry and roomy, at least for two persons. To 
this shelter then Dick guided the trembling girl’
andassisted her to step into it. By kneeling on  ’
the ﬂagging which composed the floor of the tomb
one could easily look over the edge of the broken ..
cover of the tomb and survey not only the church, is
a hundred feet away, but a good part of the beach: ‘ 
and ocean. While Jessie remained hidden from
sight Dick posted himself at the opening and if’
awaited developments. . A.'~__,_:'

-S,‘

. V.

CHAPTER II.—-Wherein Dick and Jessie Are ' 
' x Recaptured.  , 

As Dick glanced out to sea he observed a sood- ;
sized sloop making in for the land from the direct ’;,.,
tion of the Spindles. Evidently this was the smug“ l_?; 7'
glers’ craft——the Firebrand. She have to-within -— I

a hundred yards af the beach, and two boats pup ; _

 

the beach came a large farm wagon, driven)? '3
Bige Parker. It was heaped with empty mack. "
erel kits. Outside the ruins on the beach’ in the’
moonlight stood Captain Harrup and his mate.
They were watching the boats as they rapidly
drew close in. Bige and the wagon arrived at the .-
same timethat. the boats were beached. Captain. '
l{arrup- stepped forward and issued ordera.tQ...»‘f
the four men composing the crewof each  .3
They turned to at once to unload ‘the wad: ., 4
and carry the kits to the boats. When the kit:  i
were all aboard the men shoved the bolts oil‘ and 3
returned to the sloop,’ where their freight‘ T *
speedily transferred to, the ‘ Id of the‘ v, W
Onevboatalope returned to ye beach. ,In"t§_6
meanwhile, however: 3&6 drove close to ' '
and entered -theplace ,witli__Captaia , y
 A 'c‘ ." ‘ _." ‘V’ V ‘ '  . '

   
  
   
   

     
   
   
  
   

    
  
 
      

i

   

  

 ,_-., .. I’, _x_\_ y  _.  ,,‘a,‘V,.!.>..
> . J . I.’ ..\ 11-__

i  ‘EVERY Iivcii it BOY D ‘ . » _'i is-{-

  
   
  
      
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    

There'll-be something doing now sure,” thought oners. Taking the direction of the shore wall
ff) ﬂick, “for as soon as they enter the cellar they'll himself he ﬂashed his lantern on every side as he
(tiﬁver that I've escaped.” . advanced. Finally he reached the broken tomb in ,
ibout are minutes out daijinedi thed Sitlppel‘ ¥ll)l1ch the §ufltlVeS cowered gogvn oyuat of siglgi. ~ 3
uid addbc , each lantern in . an _ axial! e inomen_ _ e saw it it struc imt tit Oifel‘
,’opp'oV:siteV directions they began to _examine the unusual _facilities of concealment. He lowered his
“foundation of the church on the outside. lantern into the break of the lid and bent his ..
_ “They've found out that I’ve got away, and head down to examine its interior. Of course he_ ~""
xperhaps have discovered that Jessie is missing, could not fail to see the boy and girl hugging the’
“too. and are looking for the hole" through which furthest corner. . . . ‘ 
suppose we made our escape, _chu_ckled DICK, Ijlal he exclaimed with a grim look of satis- V.
__ his eyes on the bearded captain. “They faction, So there_ you are. eh?" -A
.n_ust have been through the vaults in search of Rising he blew his whistle to recall his men.
.  and are no doubt greatly puzzled to account yaddocks and the otlhrs soon came running up. _ 1;
"I  ‘giannertﬁy whicl;’iw-eldli)sa1;:p¢3ilre<;. if ¥_ Halive you located them?" asked the mate, .’_‘*";
“ not closed emova esa a e ea o eagery. . we:
 stone steps the secret would haye been civ-at: “ "They're in this to’_mb." he laughed harshly.
 unless they know how easily it works they _Step out both of you, he called to the fugitives, »
quid scarcely suspect_we could have passed that "or you'll be vanked out in short order.” _ ' .
W . V The game was up and so Dick and Jessie came -'
ptain Halrrucp] and‘ his 51181;? ‘came toﬁetheli; it ggh most unwillingly, and were seized by their M
rear of e iirc . an 19 Saw 0!" ° ~ 5' . ’
Mqimsultation. Then Maddocks climbed into the “Please 191} hill: 30.” 8,319 begged. with a'tea!'ful‘,
v‘ni£low’throh:gl:ihwhi::h tlltie f|lg‘ltltVhes lmadle their ‘g”l;i‘i;:e_ at Dick, and Ill agree to anything you '
 t urc . e saw e og eaning “ - ‘ _ 3
V  the sill of the openingand called the cap- I dare say you will.” he retorted coldly. “It’s
§ain"s atentlon to the suspicious fact. Dick saw ‘Z00 1818 HOW  try and make conditions with me.
» gtain Harrup make some motion and the mate Yoillimr lady; You’v_e hast all the rooe,you’re coin:
.. Peﬂred With the lantern inside the chm-911, tomlaﬁve. _Aftgr this Ill take care it s your 1115' ‘
_, about ﬁve minutes he reappeared at the win- _ ~ "15 1_-5 Y0“? _5°°°“d fttempt to escape me, .
dpvragain and made his reporthwhich, of course, mls--. Said Captain llarrun. bestowiiii: an ail2’X‘-5‘
. 3;-gs, to the effect that the fugitives were not in- 13°‘; atjﬁhe fl“? butft will be my will. not _\‘ou!'s. _
' , Another consultation was held and then I 3 “"_ 1'“¢m3tt€!'_>- B1'mgthema10ng- ’
 . . 1-egg;-“ed to the cellar again. -They did not So Dick and Jessie were marched back to the 4
faippem. until the boat from the 5100p reached Tlfllns. They’yvere not carried into the cellar. bu:

, ‘ﬁleheach. Then the captain rushed down to the 5;‘ tel‘ the b°Y 5 arms Were b°11_nd they Were. f°?¢ed ,., '-
‘ W3 ed,“ and snake to the fem. sailors: LN in. into the boat. '_l'hen Captain Harrup and the J
-. ikipper-‘and Maddgcks they hm-med mto the gieate appeared with the b!'aSS-l)t_|Lll'l(l._.tl'€8Sl.1I'e box, 1 .‘
"yard and sputtered among the tomhs_ , ‘_ ta een them which they deposited in the_bottom. ~
ugrheynm makmg 8' regular sgarch for us,» mm- of the boat. At this moment Joe and the villagers . _

fed Dick pnqget m outpf slghtgv I -, - . came dashing through the graveyard. They were
While the Search was in progress the smug. armeld with shotguns, revolvepg, andother weap-_ _
 let Noyes. the man w_ho_had been standing‘ watch °n> £521 "59°“1'edI 3t then‘ h3’m95« They W91‘?
t the ruin,s,, was assisting Bige Parker to load SE9“ Y H 8 5111388 GT5 593°“-‘— they r?3°hed .3|9'_ ‘_
-wagon with the kits containing the concealed S _°reHwa and acr_y_of alarm was_raised- Cap- l -i;
. ' ‘,6f brandy. When twenty had been put into “:11 V 3'13? ¥'°¢°§'T11zm8_the necessity of a hasty .2» ;;
‘ﬁe wagon thejboy _drove hastily off up the shore. ﬁemat £1‘ igrfed 1133: £1191 "*0 313 5033 Thﬁ 3131'? ‘p -T;
“B you think they'll ﬁnd_us here?” asked Jes- b '1 P3110 Wm e_ 5 0R, an ; though follldwld —
anxious tones after Dlckllad told her what Yta ‘V0 93’ from thellj pursuers. was soon zgafelyj
Hgrm)-{grad hils$en“\yie$_dt1J‘in . ch M S ou o range. _
hopenbt, erepi . _in e_8_.eH
all against‘ it. Who could think of looking into . . L
. *old‘bi;oken-down tomb for us?" - _ _ CHAPTER XlI.—Iii Which the I-‘irebrand Arrives
iefsgzefelt reasured att £15 words. tlt dtld  at the Spindles. .
’ g were his pre secure re rea. u 9 ,»
~dldii¥t know Captain Harrup’s method of do- It was with feeungs of great disappoimme“,
things When, the skipper was thorouzbly and chagrin that Dick watched the recedinir  .
_f-to the exlteney of the moment his mind with its array of villagers, who had arrived om ‘

   

 

      
 

 
     
    

   
     

     
    
       
        
     
 
 

  
    
  

        
 
  
 

   
      
   

     
   

  
   
 
 

  
      
  

 
 
    
      
   
 

  

 

     
 

      
   

   
    
          
   

  
 

«  a ‘hundred whys of accomplishing a scene just a moment too late to aceo lisl-if ' -
. 'nhject.n on this occasion he realized ‘that purpose, that bi-oughtthem there. Hendpeeulyﬂrﬁ" '
~ _ofhis prisoners meant ,abS°1“""¢ "““ "'° Eretted now that he had not retreated eatirek
 m_ smuggling scheme. Tlierefore he from the churchyard with Jessie when the oppogh
,~to_leave:o,o stone unturned to recapture» tunity to do so was theirs. Dick, however, and
V fves. ’ Had be known that a.cr0\Vd 01’ "11- Wasted time over spilled milk. As the bait 
led by. the ‘boy fez-iend~of Dickhngllas, was rapidly near to the sloop his brain W5»: bungzwith
« nnroachinir the h_ui-chyard git that im:-\ ideas ooking toward nltimate‘euape.1or-
 have  Ih0l'D"c811tlO1)s though « and Jessie, and for the recove ‘ 

  ‘‘ ..i§; hi!"a";soarchg,,}1¢b°h3‘I;li;i_- i:ﬁ§gimt_re1mﬂfe  ‘She 4 "

    
       
    

   
  

   
    
  
    

 
 
 
    

  
     
  

 
    
        

 v.‘ H” . ‘ 4,’ I. -
I

    
   
    
  
 
 
    
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
   
     
    
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 

that she had aroused the captain’s anger, and
consequently she feared that he would _deal very
.,...* stemly with her. He was a man not easily turned
1 from a purpose, and she feared him more than
.I f tthbtt hedthe

Elvoeolifs Eidzei; egaprggihhlerlhzrrug slit oﬁldgred the

brass bound box to be lifted aboard and carrield

.'nto the small cabin astem, occupied by. himse
‘ had Maddocks. and in which a bandpox of a

stateroom had been constructed for Jessie Brownd

Dick was next lifted out of the boat, an
, ﬂby-the mate's orders, was carried down into the
’ - hold, where he was left ﬁmfllilg‘ 311;: er1:1ptyI mackerel
kits to ruminate upon is ar uc . e_ssie was
marched to her room_ and padlocked _in. She
 _ . threw hcirstlelf onbher ting bunk rldlllld relieved her

" ’. « t- ings y goo cry.'_ e s oop’s main-
K *  d1il)d§ibs were Zet and she was headed off-
’ shore. e wind was lighlt and ti; sea smooth, 3118
full moon reflecting a si ver pa Way across e
sleeping waters. Captaiﬁi Harrupthand Eislmate,
who stood talking toget er near e w ee rec-

ognized in the hostile attitude of the ‘Mame’ folk,
" who had all but cut off their retreat, the fact that
their rendezvous at the old church was now known,
and itnindicategii that, for lthedplresent hxiti least,
their i icit tra c in contra an iquor come
to an end at that point/on the New England
ﬁoaalst. Neitlieii]c<;il1)l‘:i tsurmise how £1118 discovery

, been broug t u

“It couldn't have been the revenu_e_peo_ple,” re--
marked Maddocks, “for we had positive informa-
: tion that one of the officers is at, Rockland, an-
. _ otherat Rockport, and the third is over at Vine
* Haven." '

“Well. itls clear somebody got on to our move-
» merits, susfpected cull; gutiintessdand then bl‘0l1"gll1It
a sec oca inai ns-ownonus. e
,_rev!::sue oﬁicérs will hear all about it in a few
,# hours, and will make it..their business to block
ourgame at this point.” _

_ “W5 I 8006 thing for us that thisdiscovery was

 made some hours sooner. We should have
lost those forty’ kegs of brandy. That would have
hcen a serious matter.”
 “lt cértixitinly woglcé. I tﬁiavgi Mr.‘Parl1cer’s.$2,4hQ0
viny poc et sai ap in arrup s upping is
leg grimlyt,h“’so it’s"up to him to loolt out for the
safety of _e stuﬂ.

“He’s got half of it in his barn by this ,time.
§'_he ”other half will probably be a’ total _loss to

1131.. '

“That isn't our funeral,” laughed the skipper.
“The next question is whether our rendezvous at

’Spindles is suspected. If it is, the revenue
purple’ will be nosing around there a few hours

“Let them nose,” chuckled Maddocks. “By the
time they reach the Spindles, ‘we'll have the kits
ugl stowed away “in the secret cavern, and
they'llﬁnd us with our lines out, as innocent a
ﬁshing smack as any on the coast between here
andthe Can ‘an border.”

. - ‘f'l'hat’s right." grinned the skipper complacent-
~ly,_‘.‘we have our St. Johns papers to show that
an  is" that of ﬁshermen. We're safe
- 3; long as we're not caught with the
- " the;=e’s no f,ear,o£ that at. present.
‘ moment we l\,awen't,a gallon of spirits on

private ugs in_tl_ie cabin.” *

 
  

  

  ‘

‘EVERY 'i1$5oIi~ LA BOY.

\»‘ l,

with a grave air. _

“What are they ?”. .

“Why, the girl in the cabin and that boy in the
hold. They both know the real nature of. our oc-
cupation. They could tell enough to ruin us be-
yond redemption.” V

“I understand that, Maddock; but you don't sup-
pose I’m fool enough to keep them aboard while,
there’s a chance that we may expect a visit from
our enemies? No. no. they shall be confined in our
cavern at the first warning of danger. There I
defy the revenue people, or any one else not in the
secret, to find them.” - '

“What do you intend to do with this boy ultim-
ately? Not have him killed. I hope?” ,

“No; there is no necessity for that as long as
there are other ways of silencing him for some
time to come. I mean to carry him into St. Johns
and there ship him aboard some foreign bound
vessel. By the time he gets back to America I
hope to be out of this business entirely. My
share of the contents of that box in the cabin,
and the results I expect to get out of my marriage
with the girl. ought to place me an Easy Street
for the rest of my life."

“I wish I could say as much for myself,’ said
Maddocks, rather enviously.

An’ hour later the Firebrand was in the midst
of the dangerous navigation of the Spindles, her?
nose pointed for the island. Captain Harrupi
stood at the’ wheel of the different landmarks on
the island by which he assisted theskipper to
work the sloop in through the tortuous and in- . . ,
tricate channel. These two men seemed to be I
about the only ones to whom this perilous course ..
was as an open book. They could take the Fine-
brand into the basin in most any kind of weather

“You forgot two things, cap’n," said Maddocks,’

‘ that was clear enough for them to see the island
* after they had passed through the outer line of _,

reefs.

The hidden ledges and sunken rocks that ..,,3
abounded on every hand possessed no terrors for - ,
them. No one else could make the island exoept,.;‘I‘;¢
in a rowboat in calm weather. It took a full half  _
hour for the sloop to run in that night, as. the '.
‘wind had ﬁned down to a very light andrvariable ,‘ ;s_

reeze. . -

At length the .«vessel passed between the two tall
white rocks called the Spindles, and came to" ’.
anchor in the_ center of the basin. Captain Han , i
rup then posted one of his men on the highest  '6'
point of the bluffs to give early warning of the ; £1,
approach of any suspicious-looking craft, es at “ ‘i’
ly the revenue cutter known to be at Portlan the r ,
day before. The rest of the crew were set to work i ‘
getting the empty mackerel kits out of the hold
and ashore, where they were quickly spiri out; ,
of sight. When the job was ﬁnished Mad oc.ks_',. ‘
examined the ropes that held Dick to a stanchion ' '
in the after part of the ﬁshy-smelling hoLd, and ' A
being ‘satisﬁed that he couldn’t release himself "‘
he ordered that the hatch cover be left partly at c ‘
the opening to admit plentrof air to the prisoner,  ’
who was left in the darkness to his own 033- ‘
pleasant ~reﬂectians. ' .

“:1‘his is ﬁerce," mused Dick. “I wonder hog,
I'm _going to extricate myself this» time?’ ' A ,
afraid I shall be watched pretty closely and.wnL.‘.§.r;-‘§
get ‘half ‘a chance ‘to do anything. 1  ”

 

 
 
 
    
        

     
   
   
  
 
 

 
  

 
 

    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
  

I0 for Jessie than I do for myself. I'd give a
"who e 101: to be able to help her out of her trouble,
. even if I—didn't get off myself. She’s the nicest
‘ girl I ever met, and I think as much of her as if
0she was my sister. It's a shame to think that she
is in the power of such a man as Captain Harrup.
I It would give me a heap of satisfaction to put a
'_ spoke in his intentions toward, her. He is a rascal,
‘ and his proper residence is the State prison.”

; Dick continued to think about Jessie's hard lot,
.. and__to- tax his brain for some means of helping
 her, for some time, then the silence of the hold,
and the weariness that crept over his senses, over-
came him, and he dropped asleep.

I

CHAPTER XIII.——-—Shows How Joe King Took
a Trip to the Spindles on His Own Acocunt.

' \
Joe King was an intensely disappointed boy
when he saw that the smugglers had managed
to escape by the skin of their teeth. He was
greatly dismayed by the fact that he had seen
«"Dick Dallasin the receding boat with _the girl,
Jasie, and that plainly showed that his friend
Lliad been captured by the rascals. What to do he
?really did not know. In company with the cha-
‘grined villagers he watched the boat row along-
.»side of the sloop, saw some kind of a chest, which
he never dreamed to be the missing brass-bound
greasure box, lifted aboard, and then the smug-
“ ﬁlers and their prisoners fdllow. The sloop at
once spread her canvas to the light breeze and
taailed away. A consultation was then held by the
crowd of villagers, the result of which was that
ruins of the church was investigated, and the
, H ty mackerel kits were discovered in the inner
'ullar. They looked innocent enough, for neither
— oe nor the others had any suspicion that a keg
if brandy was hidden in each. It was decided to
notify the revenue oﬂcer at Rockland in the morn-
I: that the liquor smugglers used the old church
he seashore as a rendezvous, and probably
landed 'contraband"§pirits there to be afterward
taken away by shore folk interested in the tra_ﬂic.
Joe did not mention his suspicions concerning
bner Parker andchis son to the villagers. That
« ormation he intended to give to the ofﬁ_cer_ later
on with a view to the reward that was in it for
ini and Dick. It was not considered necessary
do anything about the kits, which from their
eight were judged to be ﬁlled with ﬁsh. Besides
- - ' had no means for effecting their removal to
v a village.‘ It was reasoned that they would be
= enough where they were until the.revenue of-
‘r came to take possession of them in the mom-
g, as the smugglers were not likely to return
a hurry. Some one pro to-have one of
eir number selected by ot to stand watch at the
urcli for the rest of the night. The magority
Jected to this ‘suggestion as unnnecessary. Joe
-. the question by voluntarily agreeing_ to
y there himself. The rest of the party being
‘ e willing that he should if he wanted to. the
«- soon afterward started back for the village
2 the boy alone. ~ As soon as they were off

.mounted' the. debris in front of the church-

’ and ‘seating himself there, cast_ hi eyes

, v the oﬁng whercthe white sails f the

EVERY INCH A Boy

17-

Firebrand coitlgl still be seen as she headed for
the Spindles.

“I’1l bet she's makin’ for that island,” he said
to himself.
house. _tal-re _our skill’. and follow her to see if she
really is goin’ there. If those chaps are able to
wrastle with the 'nagivation _of the Spindles it’s a
sure sign that's their regular haunt, for I don't
know of any one who ever was able to run in there
in anythin’ larger than a small catboat, and the
weather had to be mighty calm to make the island
at that.
all right, and I've a great mind to try, provided,
of course, that the sloop stops there. If she keeps
on to the eastward then I’ll know she’s bound
for some port in Canada in all probability.”

It was largely Joe’s anxiety about the fate of‘

his friend Dick that induced him to consider the
foregoing plan so seriously. The friendship of
the two boys for each other was of the loyal order.

Either was always ready to do anything in the

world in the interest of his friend, no matter what :1

trouble or risk it entailed upon himself. The fact
that there wasn't any fun in watching the old
ruins also had something to do with his resolution

to sail over to the Spindles on the chance of being ,

able to help Dick out of his trouble. Having at
length decided to do so he started off for his
home at_a rapid pace. He had hardly got out of
sight before Bige Parker came driving down the
beaﬁli in the farm wagon for the second time that
mg . ‘

When he reached the church he took a lantern
from the wagon, lighted it and entered the ruins.
In a few minutes he returned with\a loaded
mackerel kit in his arms. which he shoved into
the Walton. He made twenty trips from the
wagon to the cellar and it again, at the end
of which he had loaded all he remaining kits
on his waz0n._Then he Jllmbed into the front seat.
Whipped 1111 his team and drove oﬁ'. In due time
Joe reached his father's cottage. which was dark
and silent _at that early hour in the morning.
The rudder, mast and sail of the skiﬂ were kept
111. the shed. the key of which hung in a certain
spot in the kitchen. Joe had no diﬁiculty in get-
ting them. He stepped the mast. shipped the
rudder? and spread the sail to the breeze. light
as it was. and started from the little landing-
place for the Spindles.

The skiff was a swift sailer in such a b!'9':-z'_=..
skimming the water like a sea—bird. In hv‘-.f a'i
hour_Joe had sighted the Firebrand again. head-
ed direct for the island that lay a mile dis-tar‘it
from her. The skiff. which’ was such a small
obiect on the ocean that no one aboard of the
smuggling sloop observed her approach. rapidly
overhauled the object of pursuit. The boy soon
saw that the Firebrand was being guided through
the reefs that formed a cordon around the island.
That settled the question of her destination in
his mind. He then hauled his wind and pointed
the skiff for the opposite end of the,Spindles.
Not long after the sloop had anchored in the
basin, Joe beached his tiny craft in the shallow
cove under the line of tall bluffs. Then. with all
due caution. he started to walk along the narrow
line of beach at the foot of the bluﬂs toward the
spindle-shaped rocks that stood like a couple of
stiﬂ'—backed sentries on’2uard at the entrance

«I.

“I’ve a great mind to run over to the.

I could do it in the skiff in this breeze ‘

  

   
   
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
 
    
     
 
 
     
     
     
     
    
 

 _the.narrow strait leading to the little harbor
Inside.

_ At length Joe reached and passed the spindle
rocks and began to approach the basin where he
expected to find the sloop.
‘low in the western sky the bluffs on that side
of the channel threw a broad shadow that cover-
.— ed the boy's advance from chance observation.

iWhen he came to the turn that gave him a
full view of the basin he found the smugglers
‘taking the last load of empty kits ashore.

Crouching down in the shadow of a good-sized
rock the boy watched what was going on with
some interest. He saw the bearded skipper _walk-

ing up and down the slo_op’s deck. smoking a
cigar. and occasionally watching his men haul
' the kits out of the boat. along the beach and
into some crevice or oDening'in the rocksbeyond.
Captain Han-up was soon joined by his mate.
and the two men paced the deck together until
the sailors returned to the sloo‘p‘and one by one
disappeared into the forecastle to turn in for
‘ much needed rest. At last the captain and mate
went below and the deck was deserted. Joe
sat there and wondered what he would do next.
Dick was no doubt conﬁned somewhere aboard
the vesselyand the sturdy young ﬁsherman Judged
that her hold was the most probable place where
he was secured. a» .

Q

.~

 "CHAPTER XIV.—In Which Dick Proposes an

‘Audacious Project.

.  ‘in ‘the meanwhile Dick Dallas..ti-iced up to
 stanchion in the hol,d'almost like a dead
-121: to a’ post. was sleeping the uneasy sleep of
e whose position was an uncomfortable one.
D uddenly he was aroused to consciousness by the
‘ ﬂash of a light before his eyes. He blinked
- .. stupidly for a moment. like one whose senses are
- _a bit confused. and then to his utter astonishment
«recognized the face and figure of his friend. Joe
-Kink. in ‘the last expiring flash of the match
_ the young ﬁsherman held in his fingers...

.~ /“Jqoel” heexclairned joyfully. “Is it realbr
ou.” V '

  

' . “Hush, not."so_loud!” came his friendswice
; out of the darkness, '

“(this is the ¢'reatest'su.!'Drise. and the most
wwelcome one. of my life." said Dick. as‘ he felt
 the strands dropping away from his arms. -
A“There you are. .free_ at last.” said’ Joe.»in a
‘tone of satisfaction. 1' -

‘fI\_low." continued Dick. “tell me how you come

ASFWOOSC thesloop is anchored." .
“-Yes, this is the Spindles all right.” replied

" oe.

 '-Then be rapidly sketched his movements from
was moment the smugglers eluded the crowd of
, , ere at the beach until he let himself down
i the‘ hold of the vessel on his hunt for his

.€ou’r'e,Aa  Joe." i said Dick. ‘en-
. ‘-“I hardly. thought ‘you had so

1wch.énterwiIe- roan---‘V  O
and let’:  back>tothe‘main

   

  

EVlBRY INCH A’ Boy vi

The moon being now,

to» vbehere at the Spindles. forvthat is where I ’

; either for the present.

‘ shortladder that was nailed to the under 

 an effort   i

 
 

/.

 

“I'm afraid you're thinkin’ ,of bitin’ 03 more
than you can chew. Where is she at ,this mo-
ment? In the cabin. probably. So is the skip-
per and his mate. too. How do you expect to
get her out of the cabin without arousin' them‘!
If they catch on to the fact that you're free. :
and I'm with you. our cake will be all dough.”

Dick admitted that his companion's advice was
good. It did look like a forlorn chance to.at-
tempt the rescue of Jessie Brown under the cir-
cumstances.

“There's another thing I'd like to get around.‘
said Dick. ' _

“What's that?"

“That brass-bound treasure box."

“Why, what are you talkin’ about 1'" asked Joe.
who had forgotten about the chest that his chum
had dug up the previous afternoon. - .

“I'm talking about the box I dug up in my . 
'half-acre plot yesterday.”

“What about it ‘.”’

“It's aboard this sloop."

“It's what ?” almost gasped Joe.

“Aboard this sloop.” repeated Dick.

“Go on. you're joking," - ' ;.

“No. I'm not. Captain Harrup got possession
of it in some mysterious way. for’ I saw it in
the cellar under the church while ‘I was there.’

“You 'did. It's funny how he could have got
hold of it. So you were in the cellar ', .
the church? Did they catch you outside and
fetch you in there?” ' . ‘F

“No. I got in myself after you left me.— I .
entered the unuer part of theschurch through one‘ f’?
of the window openings. Then Ldiscovéred :1 
movable slab in the floor. near where the pulpit
used to be. that let me down into the vaull:.'j
whence I made my way into the cellar where the,
mackerel kits were stowed by making a hole"in_
the wall.”_ ‘ 

Dick then related to Joe how he hid under the
sailcloth which covered the brass-bound treasure,
box and listened to the conversation between Cap-A
‘tain Han-up, his mate ‘and Mr. Parker; and ‘how V
during a subsequent interview between the skiuo ;
per and Jessie he had accidentally.sneezed_
thus called attention to his presence in the place. V
He told Joe how he had been tiediup toa pox.
in the cellar; how Jessie had released him; how;
they had ,made their escape from the churchfand,
how they" had been recaptured: just before halt‘
appeared on the scene. . ‘ ’ _» 7

‘“Gee! You had quite a strenuous time of i
didn't you?" said Joe.~when he concludedhis 1%};
story. ' “Now if you don't want to have any ‘molar;
of the same kind -‘you'd better take my advice‘?
and leave this craft as quietly as you can with
me. Never mind the brass-bound box or the -gidf
We'll recover and resdut‘
the other later on under more favorable ¢l!'c1li!l°‘_
stances.” M ,» H  

Dick with some reluctance fell in with his gong
panion’s views. Joe led the way on deck .l'1p“_'§‘e"

 

-io\‘»x».m".:..

    
   
  

  
    
  

  
      
  

      

        
         
    
  

   
        
  

  

   
 
  

   
    
  
    
  
   
  
  
 

work of the hatch. As they stood for a 
on the deck in a 1‘.-rtening attitude’ there A‘
not 8 sound to be card fore or aft.‘ 
was that ‘a daring idea 1'_iished.into.Di_ck’: 
Its very -audacity annealed to his --
!lIt|ll'§~Whfl§ it almost $00k his Wreath
the thought formed itself ia‘-‘his

    
  
   

  

7 1

   
 

   

  
  

      

  

   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   

“Have you got backbone enough to help me
capture this sloop?” asked Dick. _
- “Hy gracious! You don't think of attempting
that. do_ you 1"’
"Why not‘! Just think what a feather it would

in’ our hats if we captured this vessel. just
' you and I.”

“I wish we could.” replied Joe. beginning to
warm up to the somewhat doubtful proposition.
~-“We might be able to secure the crew. as. you
say. That looks easy. but how about the skipper
-and the mate? They’re a whole lot. and don't
you forget it. You know the cap'n has a re-
.._volver. for you told me that he covered you
‘ with it in the cellar. The mate probably has a
gun, too. It's too large a contract for us to un-
dertake. old man." _ _ _

' “I’m‘ready to chance it.” urged Dick_. who.
‘now "that he ‘was free attain. was feelimb as
ldvas »a young lion. “Are you with me in

‘Joe, sturdily. . I _
.-“ The first thing we'll do is to
3 ncure the crew in the forecastle." _
‘ The two boys at once started to but then‘
hazardous scheme into execution.

XV.—Shows How Dick and Joe Took
Possession of the Sloop._

 
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   

. Aries

~ I
There was an iron ring. to which a stout rope
\ Has attached. on the side which ﬁtted the open-
ing into the forecastle. and there was another
imbedded in the deck to which the end of
aforesaid rope could be secured when it
necessary to keep the slide shut in dirty
 sather. The boys cautiou/sly pulled the slide
w w t and tied the rope to the deck riI_12-
. “That settles the men."l5iiid Dick. trlumphanjily.
Dick anished into the cabin and Joe awaited
~ issuewith the deepest anxiet.V- Any moment
expected to hear the sounds of a scuﬂ’le. and
.grasped a heavy billet of wood he held In
‘is hands all the tighter. ready at the first alarm
. awash down to .Dick’s assistance. His chum
-- ined\below what seemed to be an almost
» - interval. At last he reappeared and he
ld two revolvers in his hands. _ _
‘I've drawn their stings." he Said» "1 Heat
.5. as he handed one of the _weapons to ’._loe.
‘ think we're masters of the situation now. he
o ‘a large extent. yes." admitted his chum.
- be surer of it if we had been bound hand
- foot. I'm afraid we'll have to do some shoot-
bcfore we can entirely ‘subdue the skipper
‘the ‘mate. They both look like hard nuts

‘They are for fair!’ but we’re the boys that
qcgck them all _rigli,t."
" replied oe.
‘ .=e'n”h:3'o them fast enough by closing" the
Halide. see?’ said Dick. suiting the action to
word by drawing the small hatch over the
.. . tothe cabimandseéfiring itinmuchthe
may they had treated the forecagtle sbde.
h_&If‘arIethey¢oma't0Retout'.' ‘

EVERY INCH.» A BOY ~

Joe chuckled with satisfaction.

“We have captured the sloop for a fact.” he
said. “If we‘ onlv could slip her anchor, raise
her mainsail and sail out of here, the game would
soon brought to a conclusion."

To o~that was clearly out of the question. so
the boy did not try to put such a thing into
execution.

“What next?” asked Joe.
would do for me to sail over to the main shore.
send word of the state of affairs to-the revenue
oﬁicer at Rockland, and then get the old man
and somebody else to come back with me in th
skiﬂ' to make sure of these chaps?” '

“I guess you'll have to." replied Dick. after a
moment's thought.

“Do you think that with both revolvers you

can prevent these rascals from breaking out after

thev wake up and ﬁnd they're cooped up '.’”

“I think I can.”

“I’m think'm’ you’re goin’ to have a strenuous
time of it. old man.” answered Joe. handing him
the revolver. “I'll get back as soon as I can.
you can depend on that. I wouldn't leave you
only I don't see any other course to take.”

“Neither do I." replied Dick.

So Joe took the boat in which he had rowed
from the beach to the sloop and rowed .out
through the channel. and around close to the
bluffs till he came to where his skiﬁ lay tied to
a rock in the little cove. Boarding her. he spread
the sail, and started for the distant coast of
Maine.

And while he went on his way. Dick sat on the
combing of the hatch and wondered when the
fun would begin. There was one fact the boys
were ignorant of which was that one member
of the crew was at liberty and not under hatches.
He was doing a four-hour spell of lookout duty
on the highest point of the bluifs.

He expected to be relieved at sunrise. or about
ﬁve o'clock. However. there was little danger
of him interfering with Dick. for Joe had taken
the only boat by which he could reach the sloop
from the beach of the basin. \An hour passed
slowly away. Dick imagined that two hours must
have psed. for the hour before dawn is com-
monly considered the darkest and gloomiest of
the twenty—four. Then the sky in the east began
to lighten up, and soon there was abundant evi-
dence that a new day was breaking. It was’
about this time that Dick heard a noise in the
cabin.

“There’ll soon be something doing.” he breath-
gd, putting himself in shape for immediate ac-

on.

There was a ﬂoundering and heavy step on the
brass-bound stairs of the cabin entrance. and then

« he heard someone fumbling around the inside of

the slide. and_he fancied he heard several sinoth—
ered imprecations. This lasted but a few seconds
and was succeeded_bY a pounding on the slide.

_ Matters are beginning to get lively.” thought
Dick, holding a cocked revolver ready in‘ each
hand. “I'm afraid somebody is going to get hurt
pretty soon if either of those hatclr covers give
way." ‘ I

Some_ tremendous thumps were now hedrd on
_the cabin slide. and the boy expected to see it ﬂy
into pieces at any moment. It didn‘t however.

The hanging oii the forecastle hatch grovrloudcr _

I

19.

“Do you think it_

 

  

  

' 20

and most insistent. Dick was standing in a posi-

tion that covered both points of danger. and he ,

was thrilling with the excitement of the moment.
The sun now burstabove the horizon. Dick could
not see it as the sloop was hemmed in by the
bluffs that surrounded the little basin. but its
light was apparent in the eastern sky. Suddenly
there was a crash. Captain I-larrup had got hold
of some implement in the cabin and had de-
molished half of the cabin slide. Then Dick
got busy. for the skipper and his mate were
ceitaiin to be on deck in a minute unless he called
a a t.
revolver in the astonished captain's face.

“If you make another effort to get out I'll
shoot." he said in.a resolute tone.

At that moment Dick was startled to hear a
hail from shore.

 

CHAPTER xvI.—In Which the Curtain_Falls.

Dick glanced over at the beach.and saw a man.
evidently a member of the Fhrebrands crew.
shouting and gesticulating. This was a surprise
to the boy. but he ‘d no attention to the fellow.
He had all he coul do_to handle Captain Hari-up
and his mate. The skipper and Maddocks held a
consultation. Evidently they did not believe that
Dick was the sole master of the situation. How
could he be when Maddocks had left him so secure-
ly tied in the hold? Clearly_the sloop must haye
been visited by others, in spite of the lookout on
the bluﬁ, the boy released, and the sloop taken
possession of. But_where were these others? Cap-

‘ tain Harrup and his mate could see only Dick and
his threatening revolvers. The sight wasn t pleas-
ant even to their hardened nerves. liead travels
quick and is not eas to dodge, and Dick certainly
looked as if he wo d shoot on very slight provo-
cation. How long the boy could have held the sit-
uation in hand it is impossible to say, but for-
tunately abundant help was at hand. Joe when
near the shore had met the U.  Revenue Cutter
Frolic, bound east. He had hailed her, per-

‘~ mitted to board after giving the oﬂicer of t e deck
some idea of the state of aﬁairs, and-was taken

Springing forward the boy presented the '

- before the lieutenant in command. The result of '

the interview was that the cutter was headed for
the Spindles. She hove to near the outer line of

.» reefs and two boats with their crews piped away’

for duty against the smugglers.
With Joe in the leading boat they made for
the Spindle rocks. and shot into the basin at
A the moment when the smugglers in the fore-
castle succeeded in forcing the hatch and were
springing out on deck. The game. however. was
.now up for them. They were all taken prisoners.
"and Captain Harriip and his mate received little
more consideration than the others. Dick's first

f  [act after the skipper and Maddocks were re-

 ; her captiviﬁv wa at an end. He then
 up to Captain‘ _ arrup. and thrusting his hand
. :.into the akippeifs inner‘ pocket pulled out.the

  

moved from the cabin was to release Jessie
Brown from her stateroom and_inform her ﬁl‘ia(1l;
wa e

3mg pad .poologthook which the captain had told

’_,i5;...i.,in the "cellar. in Dick’s hearing-. contained
of  about her

 of. the truth‘

 

e-

 

z
I

 

_ AEVERY INCH’ A BOY

_The bra_ss—bou'nd' treasure-box was claimed by
Dick as his own property. and it was placed in
one of the boats to be adjudicated upon by the
commander of the cutter. The cutter Frolic then
headed for Rockland. During the trip Dick estab-
lished his claim to the ownership of the brass-
bound box. and he was permitted to carry it away
when the cutter anchored in Rockland. The evi-
dence given by Dick and Jessie to the lieutenant:
in command of the government vessel was suﬂi-.
cient _to warrant the -detention for trial of the
captain and crew of the Firebrand. as well as to
insure the immediate arrest of _Abnei- Parker
and his son Bige, who were soon lodged in the
county jail. The fortv mackerel kits were found
in the Parker barn. and forty kegs of fine French
brandy were found inside of them. -

As Jessie had no home to go to. Dick guai- . 

anteed her appearance as a witness when wanted.

and took her with himto the Richardson rnrm..,;f
where she was mostly kindbv received by Mrs., 5
Richardson and her husband as soon as Dick had 

explained her circumstances. Next ‘morning Dick"
broke open the brass-bound box in Joe's presence.,
and found. as they both fully‘ expected. that it

was filled with gold coins. of ﬁve. ten and twenty ‘
dollar denominations. It totaled up twenty-ﬁve

thousand dollars. and of this Dick handed foe

one thousand dollars. which more than satisﬁed.-_
the young ﬁsherman. who also looked forward’
to receiving ﬁve hundred dollars of the fifteen
hundred dollars reward for the conviction of the
liquor smugglers.

Captain Harrup. his men. Abner Parker and 

his son Bige were duly tried and convicted of
breaking the revenue law of the United States. as
well as the excise law of the State of Mainefr
On these two counts they received heavy sen-.
tences, and as soon as they were sent to prison

Dick and Joe received the rewards they had  “

fairly won. All that now remained for pick.’
to do was to take Jessie Brown to the home ‘
of her parents in Boston. — , _

The documents. consisting chieﬂy of newspaper.
clippings cut from papers printed at the time of»-’
Jessie's kidnapping. showed that- the  was
the daughter of the Hon. George Butterwortlnf;
member of Congress at that time from the 
District of the State of Massachusetts. and that s
her. home was at No. 

 

the one greatsorrow of her own life. as well’ as.-

that of her father and mother. was wiped away?’ V

forever. - _ _
Dick became. in time. a constant visitor at the

Butterworth home. and when Jessie graduated .

from a fashionable college. at twenty. she each’

Dick became engaged. Their wedding day 
six months later in the Commonwealth Avenues; '

mansion. and on the same day. downrin the.’pi|p -_._
lage of Quibasset, Maine. another wedding -'.‘was-
also celebrated which made Joe King and Pony '
Pi-itchard one for life. When Dick returned from
his wedding .trip it was to ﬁll a higher and 
responsible position in the Butterwortli bank ‘Q '

n:‘‘' '

'rHn;sHiznwii‘i.-‘.s'i,' nor.-in SW”

»- Next w?Ic’s issue will contain 

BU‘.RNi"0rv I ,
smear." 3' x

  
 
   

 
  
  

 

 

_ _ Commonwealth avenue. » ’_
~' in the city of Boston. Jessie. through the efforts.-'
of Dick Dallas. was restored_ to her parents..ind5_.2-.

      

    
    
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
   

_ . .,. ._. _ _ "E

K

_  E, BUGGY, Hanrgzgass, ALL SOLD FOR

» -- ~ . $4. .,

‘r-Proof that the faithful old horse has served his
V of usefulness was given at the sheriff's sale
W. 0. Webber, former proprietor of the Mary-
- Paper Mill, near Bentley Springs, Pa., when
complete driving outﬁt was sold for $4.50.

T199 horse itself was sold for $1, the buggy for
and the harness for 50 cents. ,

 

' GIRL FINDS $510 IN_GOLD.

Little Maxine Mudgett. playing in the ham-
rd of her father's ranch near Marsposa, Cal.,
« m - a gold nugget valued at $510 and weighing
-eight ounces. The little girl made the
cry while playing at a spot where water
washed away considerable earth. This is the

in “many years.

, . 4 CHLOROFORMED COW

Smithsonian Institute has been presented

‘’ 4- ormed cow, the mortal remains of Sophie

 ‘ atest butter fat producing Jersey cow
id;-£1“

  

‘has ever "known. Mrs. C. 1. Hood of

I
Q

 

"' Then‘ there's a

 
  
  
   
 
  

-. *»

   

 ’,¢hI!'g'¢. ~

 

~  l7‘0i_tTUNE OWEEKOLY
CURRENT NEWS

» ‘nugget brought to light in Maripose‘

‘BOYS, READ THIS!

“tYSTERY OMAGAZINE" is a 64-page magazine-that contains more and better mystery
‘ ‘detective stories than any other publication
0_u‘E_.today, and read the thrilling feature story .

“THE HEART ON THEMIRROR”
' By ALEXANDER MORRISON
dandy two-part serial by JEAN ROSS, called

“THE ‘GHOSTS OF ALWYN LODGE’?

Radio fans, here is a story that was recently broadcast -by WJZ

 , “TEA FOR TWO” - ‘
\ ' e ‘ By FRANK SBLIGHTON r ‘ .
You heard it on your receiver—now read it. Full of excitement!

“*" ‘ 2 The\Magazine Also Contains These Stories, ,

"2:  Tale 'the Skeleton Told,” by Glenn G. Gravatt; “Shadowed," by Hu h Thomason;
@110 and the Law," by Horatio Vernon Ellis; “The Last Trick,” by Carl
 . ‘ _YOUR.CHARACTl-ZR READ FREE! _ ~
 a specimen ‘of your writing to Douise Rice. She’: awizard, and will tell our char-
‘ ,~advise'31ou_ what business to follow and point out your good and bad qualiy es. ‘There

\ -W". »; ». ‘  - . ' .r;r
l»' .. . - ' . .

Lowell owned Sophie. Sentiment prevented
Sophie’s sale at auction when the herd of which
she was a part was dispersed a year ago. She
was donated to the Department of Agriculture
 dwas under their care until they had her
1 e .

COINS THROWN IN GRAVE

Mrs. Frances Lucas, sixty-seven, one of the
tribe of Roumanian gypsies encamped on Maurice
avenue, between Maspeth and Winﬁeld. Queens,
N. Y., was buried in Mount Olivet cemetery with
the rites of the Green Church.

The ceremony was unusual. The undertaker,
Hugh P. Ruane of Maspeth, was paid in ad-
vance in $20 gold pieces. The superintendent of
the cemetery was asked for the finest grave site
available, regardless of cost, and his charges also
were paid with $20 gold pieces. According to the

gypsy superstition charges for funeral services -

must be paid only in gold and in advance.

When the cofﬁn was lowered a bottle of wine
was broken over it and handfuls of silver coins
were cast into the grave. The pallbearers lifted
their hands and threw their white gloves on the
coin. *

0

on the newsstands. Get a copy of No. 165,

. Hodges. » y

 

 

 

,  , , THE SHORT  - .

‘ii, .. " . ch; most interestingin tl!ls,number are “Five Years for Handkerchief Game,” “Po-
c§g.p|-.y3i¢a1 Clue,” “Loo: Recover-ted ”. “Ge_t:_s-jﬂnreats Through Mails” and “Robbers Raid .
.G«anB.u. \ . , _ . ' », ~» ..

~.—;~=

   
       

   

«    You Ever Received! . '
’ is ‘ w I. ‘-1,, .‘.v _ 1,3  “ V '_  , e r.

 

   

     
 

  

 

 

 

 

  
    
 

'4

.r

_. Or, —.‘
Hustling for War News by Wirelesl

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER XV. '
Sent On Secret Service.

“By gracious, if they don't turn on” the grub
soon I don't know what I shall do, groaned
Brown. “I could turn cannibal and take a bite
out of you, I'm so hungry, Rob.” _

“Here comes his mbs _at last," replied Rob. 598-
ing Lieutenant Totten approaching. _ _

Well, boys, you are summonds,” said the lieu-
tenant. “Follow me." _ _ “

“What about grub?" in uired Brown. Any
chance to buy a supper? e haven't either of us
tasted food since yesterday noon.”

“Why didn't you say so when you met me? I
had a supply. Yes, I can put you _next to the
sntler when we arethrough, and will. Remind

“You bet I’1l remind yau,” laughed Brown, and
they were led to a large tent where they found
themselves in,the resence of that staunch old
hero of the Boer ar, General Taylor.
~ He greeted Brown familiarly and shook hands

. with them both. _ ‘

Ro bthen delivered his dispatches and Lieuten-
ant Totten withdrawin , they were left alone with
the general, who read em through without com-
ment. ‘

’ “These are all right.” he then said, “but frank-
ly, Mr. Randall, I cannot make an exception in
your case. The ﬁat has gone forth. No ar cor-
respondents at the front. It is not my doings.
. Nevertheless, it has my approval.’ ”By_ a common
understanding it is so with all the armies. Brown,
I understand you also have something for me.
Out with it.” .
“Do you «know a Captain’ Steinmeyer?” asked
Brown, looking mysterious. . .
“Hush! Speak low,” replied the general. “what
of hi 1" . '3
“Her is dead."

I “Dead! A thousands pities. He was an Alsa-

H V tian whom we found it convenient to use-—you un-

derstand. When and‘ how did he die?"

“He was wounded in the engagement west of
Ghent yesterday. He practically died in my
arms.”

I ' “And his papers?” I
_ " “I have them, Gneral.” .
 _"’I'lz_ank goodness! Give"thém to me. ‘
 anything which could make me reward,-(got _
‘with your wish it is this.” ‘
- Brovn handed-oyer. the

“'£§§"i’Ai: me than fur-r  L

    

FAME Aim FORTUNE WEEKLY ' . . » I

  d Rob and the Reporters

=was commandeered. They were not

It. -7 ‘ ‘;L-xx‘. __

_ ‘ sway’
papers taken  ’

. , -
“Poor fellow! They have cost him his life,” 
he sighed, “but we are very fortunate in recov-
ering them.” .
“Surely he never wrote them,” Brown ven— ,
tured to remark. ,
“Certainly not. These documents were drawn‘
up at Berlin. You have read them?" '_
“I have.”  ~
"I regret it, but it cannot be helped. I shall '1‘
not swear ypu to secrecy, Brown. It should  ‘
enough to say that I expect it." , ~’ 
“Upon my honor as an Englishman. sirr.”  .'
“And you, young man?” continued the general, A;
turning to Rob. ~ - ‘
“I do no tread nor speak German, .sir, but Mr.“
Brown has told.me about the paupers. You can,
equally rely upon my secrecy.” \ _._ A
“It is well. Your letter of introduction  ,_.‘
that you are an expert wireless operator. If you '
wish I could get you a position, but if you don’t',1.
understand Ge1'man———” _ __ xi
“Nor French, sir. But it makes no difference’ ,
I have learned to take French and German letter’
for letter." ' " ~’, »
“So? Would you like a position?”
“Well, sir, that depends.”
“On what?”
“I consider it my duty to’ keep as near th
of war as possihb.” ,
“We will consider it later. You may "remain
camp for to-night,.gent.lemen, but it will be nec-
essary for you to retire. You are now dismissed; .. ,5
They found Lieutenant Totten waiting outside;*
“Now look here,” he said. “We airinen mess "
gether. I have spoken with the others. Youhre
welcome to dine with us this evening. They am.
now holding back. dinner on your account."
Of course the invitation was gratefully
cepted. I — . ‘J
‘ The dinner proved an excellent one, but in optic;
of his hunger Rob found himself most inte '
in the talk which went the rounds. and by
time he was through he felt that he had learned
lot about airships.
That night they slept in the tent in which
had waited. ‘ _
It was breakfast with the airman next moruinﬂ;
Totten came a little late and when he had 
hisplace he turned to Brown and said:
“I have i quired about your missing friends
promised. - hey raryto Donay, where t r» —

‘,

   
  
     

    
    
     
 
    
   

  

 
 

      
      
    
 
 
 
  
 

sedti

.

   
  
   
  
  
 

  

  
 
   
  
 
 
  
    

  
   
  
   
 
 

far as I can learn.” ' _ .
“But we had a special permit to run that<,ea'r
from the Belgian govemment!” cried Brown. -
“Then I cannot understand why it was not
spected,’ replied the lieutenant. “I have yet.
hear of a similar case.” - " .

“Who had the permit?” demanded Bob. ‘i

    
   

    
    
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
 

  

  
   

Brown» ve an exclamation and looked
‘'80 y ought to kick me,".he ex-ied.'f
' ' my pocket.” » _'

cot.
.‘m’there

   
 
 

 
 

said‘ ‘rotten.

  
 

   
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
 
  
 
   
    
 

 

WOODEN SEWING MACHINE

_’.A sewing machine made entirely of wood, ex-
Apt 3 fevyscrews and the needle, is owned by
. A.’1Coney of Deering Center, Maine. Although
sills wooden bobbins, wooden wheel, wooden head
aianghwooden machinery are more than half a cen-
ry old, all are in good working condition. The
. ‘e was made sixty-three years ago by Mr.
onc‘y’s grandfather, Philip A. Faust of Dan-
‘ljle Pa.
wihg machine ever made.

 fact that the oil-burning lamp of Oliver
' "12 and the Stron brothers became extin-
 on account of ck of oil may lea7d to a
ling discovery. The men. on a rec-en night,‘
reyexsmining some ore dug from thei mine.
. lamp went out, and in the darkness some of
dust ‘fromthe specimens dropped on the hot

iamediately the room was made_as light _as
-caused from the ﬂare from the mineral. which
'ed to be a radium-bearing ore. Govern-
uthorities were immediately notified and
._ shaft closed until an investigation is made,

.‘f£he"rnine is on Storm peak, twenty-two miles
' Loveland, Colo., and _four miles from the

’,u:»40efeet deep and the ore mined is a mix-
’ hblende. ﬂuorspar and carnite.

t,-owwntgrs estimate that it will be two _weeks
' tlieggcan reach the main vein of the ‘are.
gone is radium bearing ‘it-_may explain in a
re the reason for the terriﬁc electric storms
_1-evail in that district and which have led

. naming of that eak Storm Peak, due to
gﬂuity of the elec ricity in the air for the
am.

 
  
  
    
 

 

res ‘GLASS SNAKE

‘Le *. » re provides marvelous means of protection.
ganiinals can’t move swiftly, but they can
 a hard shell that keeps them from
~  rs move so fast that the
. of their going is protection enough.
~a_re_so-,unobtrusive‘ by'meansof the col-

..ﬂp‘t/ lipttle‘-other ‘guard from death II

‘*I

  

   
 
 

  

ll; 8‘ lizard, It looks’ like a snake and
has , a‘ snake, but wiaelinen and
inaist—it;is a lizard. 4‘ - ‘,

slittle creature oirwhose. door plate
‘ ' ate ‘lie an idgﬁ

C

  
 

M ; V’  ‘AND  WEEKLY
coon READING

This is believed to be the only wooden

Loy land-Estes Park road. It can be reach- 
holreseback from the-Half Wuy place. The '

  is, like other misnained cream

. "IF" .
[and Lessons In ‘seen:-lo

 

tail of the‘2lass snake for an instant. then it will -» "
snap off its tail and go on its way rejoicing, and ,§
not at all disturbed by the loss. And the reason ' " J
the glass snake behaves in this way is becausa

it can without trouble or pain grow a new tail,

that will serve just as well as the tail with which

it ﬁrst came into the world. _

1 Sometimes the glass snake is known as the joinﬁ
snake, but it must be remembered it is all thq I‘
while a lizard. It is not strange, however, that
it should be thought a. snake for it has no ex-
ternal limbs. Sometimes it is as long as two feet:
Its color is green or brown above, yellow on the -
sides, and is streaked with narrow black stripes.

These creatures are covered with scales; on the
back are fourteen rows; on the belly are ten rows. j

The reason that the tail is so easily snapped oﬂ' 
and replaced is because it is brittle, and the ver- _ .~
tebrae that compose it are loosely united. The
muscles are an-an ed along the tail in such a
way that sections 0 this tail will break off at the.
slightest blow. ' .

Glass snakes are not inhabitants of far jungles
or Oriental unknown lands. Thev are common to
the United States, particularly izgthe Central
States from Wisconsin to Kansas and southward.
Their food is insects; their homes are in burrows
in dry ground. I _ '

Remarkable as is the characteristic of the
joint or glass snake, it is not confined to this
creature alone. The low-worm, the sphenodon
and many other lizar s have the same peculiar’
power. ‘

 

1

“Mystery Magazine”
Semi-Monthly 15 Cents a copy

15': AQIJESTION or KKICR. b Eugene Jones. -
158 Tm-i MYSTERY or izoﬁima w.n-aim, y‘

159 Harry Adler ‘TF5 5 B m c I _ » 
. . . v m ‘ ' ’ ‘
mo rm: sruoiow iiir A woos:-._'by J9a‘{‘k izaa-.'ii«'i‘oii. V .

P.

was RIVER 151
161 A1‘ 2 A. .\-L. hr Beulah Pnynfer.
162 rm: ixraianess. hv. Grover Kldwell.

ien rma i. AND Kt-iv. by mmimm cu-aim. '4 -
194 THE ’l'ALKli\'G non." lry Frank Bllghton_ -

THE HEART ON THE MIRROR‘ ’ 6.
By ALEXANDER MORRISON
Out Today In No. 183 _‘

"HARRY E; WOLI-‘F, Publisher; ‘Inc,
166 West 23:1 Street

 

 
    
    
       
 
     

,1, New York Ci

    

    
 
  
      

“Moving Picture‘ Stories" .;
A_ Weekly mguiu novocoa to notopun nah 

PRICE TEN CENTS PER 

an be as 'rmeeszries.v.se " T’
on §c‘:'eu-'—1%l.:xau!t"l!al1—t °amna"ut (tangy; 

-i_-llrntnfestlns Amcleu Ahout 

-of Actors and
Wi-mt:

 «.2.-K-,>. .,y  .s

‘ 4

  
 
 
 
 
     

    

ruiutr_,n._ 

 
 
    

   

 

 

  

 

FAME AND. FORTUNE WEEKLY

mrciu.-zsrmcy RADIO NEWS AND HINTS  . 

 

INDOOR AERIAL BEST

» The loop type of an aerial is-not efficient un-
less you use a receiver with either radio or
audio frequency ampliﬁcation-—preferabl_v both.
A short indoor aerial will pick up a great deal
more energy than a loopaerial and will be best
to use with a one or two-tube set.

IMPROVING THE TONE .—

The audiohm is a variable high resistance hav-
ing a minimum value of about 10,000 ohms and
a maximum resistance of 120,000 ohms. It has
been designed to improve tone qlialitv by D139-
ing the device across the secondary of the audio
frequency transformer.

FINE CONTROL

A variable grid condenser and variable con-
denser across the phones makes_ possible a_ finer
control of regeneration. and this _results in in-
creased volume. The variable grid leak allows
adjustment of the grid voltage of the ‘detector to
the point most satisfactory for eﬂicient opera-
tion.

‘or -

I ANTENNA PLUGS

V An indoor antenna will not produce the same
results as an outdoor wire. The antenna plugs
success depends upon local conditions. such as the
way the electric wires are strung. Wires shielded‘
by metal conduit do not give as good results 85
open wires. If the building in which the ‘plug
is used is of steel construction or if it is’ sur
rounded by steel structures the results will not

-be satisfactory. Tests indicate that antenna
plugs operate most successfully on the second
and third ﬂoors of apartments. ‘ '

 

DON’T SOLDER TO SCREW HEADS
It is surprising how many radio set builders
make the great mistake of soldering the various
wires to the heads of screws. _T_he m3J0l‘ll’.Y will
say that this is all right. providing the heads of

‘ all. screws are carefully sandpapered before at-

tempting to solder a wire to them. If you are
. desirous of saving yourself a lot of unnecessary
work and trouble don't make connections in_ that
way] In most cases the.‘ wires loosen quickly.
If you want to make a neat job of the if you
are building use small “tinned lugs.” Whl may
be purchased at any ‘radio store.

v

PROPER SIZES OF {WIRE

Many people ask. “What _is the correct size
wire for radio work ?” This is the answer: No.
4 copper or copper clad for the aerial and

 comet’ dN.24D.C.C.f '18
._ uphm?' l’$li.S1a(i‘is‘a’safe size to_.cai)'i-‘yc_‘tl'ie

ﬁlament current. although a heavier wire will

be-better when xusing more than one tube. If

ilﬁstributed capacity is to be kept‘ low for em-
, ‘ '-in operation. double cotton.» covered wire
Z-‘dgégble; then-singiesilk covered or enameled

n ..  nav.,h9-used. with a shgliti-‘loss in

   

the win you will 

BUY GOOD SOCKETS

It doesn’t pay to buy the cheapest socket in’-
the _store. If you anticipate making a good-
receiving outﬁt purchase only a reliable,and well-
constructed tube socket. as this item can cause :
much annoyance. The contact pieces on a cheap _.
socket will bend out of shape. or break. A poor '
connection on the audion prongs can give ‘a sur-
prising amount of trouble. Don’t- attempt to '
force a bulb into a socket that is too small.
the tube refuses to go in easily. then rest as-
sured that it is too large for the socket. This
trouble can be remedied by simply “scrapinz"' V‘
out the inside of. the socket until enough sub- "
stance has been removed to enable the bulb to, .
drop in easily.

 

SUPER AND NEUTR0 .. as

The main fault of the super-heterodyne is 'to'l "5;
get one to operate as well as it is claimed to 2 ’
operate. The number ‘of tubes, the parts and

 

‘the battery drain are all drawbacks. and the ..

big _problem of getting parts that will operate“
eﬁicientlv goes a long way in making the set ‘.
unpopular. Unless the transformers are wound _
at home and tested with a wavemeter to make‘ '
them all alike. and unless it is built with each
stage shielded from the others, then the neutre~ —
dye is the better; also consumes a lot of 3}
battery current. —» ' v i -
The advantages of the super are the ‘two '
tuning controls. the loop aerial. the fairly  ‘-=
curate calibration of dials. providing the batteri‘o§_}’
are kept up. and the fact that when a distant ,
station is tuned it comes in usually loud enough‘ 7
to enjoy. - —
The faults of a neutrodyne are that a set is
liable to become deneutralized. with a conseqnen
distortion of signals and/difﬁculty of tuning: they»
must be operated on an aerial and consume I :'
lot of B battery current. I ~ - ’
The advantages of the neutrodyne are the ease‘ 
of tuningytselectivity and volume. It is easier
to construct than the super. providing the parts
used are of good manufacture and instruction;
used followed to the letter. 7 "

   
  
  
  
 
      
 
  

 

 

 

 

V».

   

_.z:‘«

‘EASY WAY TO BEND BUS wiiu-:si_.

_ The use of bus bar wiring in receiving 
is becoming to be the established method. A/;_
great many fans find it rather diﬁicult to  ’
a neat 50b of it d e to the lack of tools 
work with. or due to lack of knowledge ot bait;
to bend the wires. . «I  '
Two -or three different types of pliers. ' ‘
necessary to make a good job of wiring in V '
usual way. A round nosed pair are usually 
for bending loops or angles in the w‘ Whui;
a round nosed pair of pliers are not illﬁlalylo
this work, and a square nosed pair are uaodga
will ﬁnd diﬁiculty in making a neat job. 
When you bend a wire with a square -
instrument thewire is sharply bent. Ifya  ,
harbeen made and you attenapt to -M aw 
that it has  n

 

 

 

 ' \

 

V
_‘j and it will break at the point where it was bent.
If a round nosed set of pliers is not avail-
’ able you may construct a tool for this work
_-very easily. Drive two ten penny nails in a
._ board. placing them just far enough apart to
.‘ permit the wire to be slipped in between them.
-Remove the heads of the nails. To make a
'~ bend in the wire simply insert the wire between
the’ nails and bend it around one of the nails.
'- This will make a neat loop in the end of the wire.

- OPERATE TUBES VERTICALLY
7'. The way in which vacuum tubes are mounted
‘in a receiving set is usually not seriously con-
waidered by most set builders. Sometimes the tubes
 mounted on the front of the panel so that
j-they protrude horizontally. sometimes they are
inounted on the back of the panel. and the usual
;-inethod is to screw the sockets down on the
~'baseboard back of the panel.
"I ". When the filament is heated. it expands some-
.;what and a sag takes place. This is the im-
portant thing to consider when you are mount-
-ing your tubes. If the tube is mounted in a
’ ﬁertical position, either in an upright or hang-
‘- at position. the sag will not change the dis-
‘ ce between the ﬁlament and the grid per-
ptibly. _. _ _
If the tube‘ is mounted in a .,hori;oi_ital posi-
ln, however. the sag of the ﬁlament will change
  between the ﬁlament and the grid
d accordingly changp the action of the tube
. ~ ewhat. ' '
-3:. When the ﬁlament cools it should return to
1-1 , ' ' shape. This it will do if the ﬁla-
t is in a vertical position. If it is in a
... position part of the sag will still
' be still increased the next time the
4- is heated.
_ the heated ﬁlament comes in contact with
~. . or plate of the tube it will either cause
i to burn out. or to become useless for radio
ork. The clearance between the ﬁlament and
 grid of many types of tubes is very small
‘ best. so that 'a‘ very small change in the
tion of the ﬁlament will bring‘ them very
~ .4 together. ’ ,
 Xount our t hes so that the ﬁlaments will
‘in; ' lgisition. »

  
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

 

J. TRANSEORMER CONNECTIONS

 The proper method of connecting transformers
 ' ‘a receiving circuit seems to puzzle many
 I: though it‘. should be a fairly easy task-
_,.!I 4 are a good many hookups of circuits. all
_',,é" ering in some detail or other. but the method
. connecting an audio frequency transformer In
ampliﬁer is the same for practically each and

._ , primary connections of audio transform-
-...~ ‘ are “P” and “B.” Sometimes the
2 "connection is designated with a plus sign
K‘ “The “P” connection should always be
v —- to the plate of the previous tube. the
connection going to the B battery tap of the
_ voltage of the preceding tube. _
-=-=- the case of the ﬁrst stage of audio fre-
. it ~ the ‘P’ connection does not always run
the plate of the tube to the,t sformer
 — but may go through -an induc ce such
1 ftiekler coil or a plate varioineter. to secure
- ion. '

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

25

If jacks are used for the diﬂerent stages then
the transformer terminals are wired to the in-
side connections of the jack. The plate of the
preceding tube is then wired to the connection
on _the Jack that will make a connection on the
inside.sDl'1ng of the jack that has been wired
to the socket terminal “P.” In the same man-
ner the “B” battery positive connection is wired
to the terminal that will make a connection with
the plus terminal of the transformer when the
plug is out of the jack.

The secondary of the transformer is marked
“G” and “Fil" or “A.” The “G” connection is
always connected to the grid terminal of the
amplifying tube. The “Fil" or “A” terminal
should always be wired to the negative “A” bat-
tery. It should never be connected to the posi-
tive side of the battery line. as this will place a
positive potential on the grid and greatly intc
fere with the ampliﬁcation of the tube. *

TO BUILD A WAVE TRAP

A_ wave trap can bermade from an _ordinary
variable condenser and a coil of wire. The lat-
ter can consist merely of fifty-ﬁve or sixty turns
of -No. 18 or 20. single cotton covered wire
on a three—inch card-board tube. It is shunted
by a 23 plate condenser and connected to the
receiving set. A single pole switch is also con-
nected between the upper and lower ends of the
combination to cut the trap out of the circuit-
if desired. ' -

ln tuning the. set the switch is first closed
and the dials manipulated in the usual manner.
If one station is selected and another interferes
with it the switch is opened and the variable
condenser of the trap adjusted. If everything
is favorable it will be found that at one certain
position of the condenser the interfering station
will be entirely eliminated without causing the
loss of the desired broadcasting.

If the trap does not seem to be eﬁective do
not discard it after only one trial. Keep it near
the set for a few nights and perhaps some trick
in balancing the trap against the receiver will
be learned which will help in obtaining the neces-
sary selectivity. .

If all experiments fail a more complicated type
of trap should be tried. The single coil already
on hand can be taken and covered with a layer
of clean paper. ‘Over it are then wound seven
turns of the same size wire in the same direc-
tion as the ‘first winding.
nections are not changed. but one end of the new
seven-turn.coil is led to the. aerial and the other
to the aerial post on the receiving panel. The
tsﬁine _1single pole switch can be used across

e coi . -.

. The tuning operation is then commenced with
“I6 Switch closed. and the aforementioned process
repeated. This coupled style of wave trap is
usually a great deal more eﬁective than the
direct coupled_one. If there is only one local
station which is bothersome. the trap condenser
can be set at the best position. as found by trial.
and left there. Of course. in tuning for distance.
it certainly would do no harm to play with this >’
dial as well as those on the set proper. It grill -
be found to be quite useful. . O

I

I

a

T  l ." ‘I

 

...‘-- 7- ,. -‘-4 '-'-‘-.

The condenser con- ,

 

 Q4-.~ '

 

 Fame and Fortune Weekly
_ NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 26,’ 1924
 TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

gl:.g1E°g;>p¥;;_.e;.&bH£“.....:Post:a¢e Free .03 Cents
One Copy six Months. . . " “ 2.00
One Copy one You ......... .. " “ 4.00

 

(la. 5-1.50; Foreign. $61!). _
HOW 1'0 BIND IONl;\'—At our risk lend P. 0.
Honey Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
‘ In any other way u-eat our risk. We ncce t Postage
' stllléls the same as can when lending I vs: Wnw
the on in a Iwlgplrﬂte piece of paper to avoid cuitliil
the envelope. rite your naine and address plainly.

HARRY 'E. WOLFF. Barry I. Well. Pi-es.

, Publisher, Inc., Charles E. lN'ylauder,_Bec.
166 W. 23d St.. N. Y. L. r. Wllsln. Tress.

-
-

o {FROM ALL POINTS’

_ GETS 528-POUND SWORDF_ISl:I

, H. J. Mallen, Los Angeles Business man,
- ‘-'13. caught a 528-pound swordﬁsh olf Santa Cata-
 1 liiia..Island. It is said to be the‘largest of its
kind ever captured with a rod and line.
‘ The swordﬁsh was 12 feet 6 inches long and 4
feet 10 inches in girth. His sword was 48 inches
long. The ﬁsh knocked in_the.side of the boat
and disabled the propeller in his ﬁnal lunge.

‘ANTELQPES ' FACE EXTINCTION

 

 

VA:ntelopes, the graceful,

, once on the site. of Saskatoon,‘ Sask., are
'« ‘ ~ doomed to early extinction, in the opinion of Fred
Bradshaw, chief game guardian for Saskatche-
wan. He states in his annual report that only
1 V _ 250 head are left.

  
    

 

17—YEAR.-OLD LOAN 0_F $200 IS REPAID
A. W. Swanson, probation oflicer, El Centro,
‘Cal., loaned a poverty-stricken farmer $200*sev-
enteen years ago. At that tune he ran a weekly
 newspaper in a small Wisconsin town.
i » Recently Swanson received a check for the full
.. amount with a letter of thanks _from the farmer,
 who wrote he is enjoying prosperous days-
, ' ' When the loan.was made the farmer was sub-
i ' ‘eat to a iiiortgage on his home which would have
I lieen foreclosed if Swanson‘ had not helped him.
- '«“My‘ faithyin the honesty of the human race is
‘J fortiﬁed by this check," the probation officer said.

_miUIsED BODY or Rncﬁisn FOUND

Lying on‘ the floor of a dingy room, with im-
, painted walls, and cobwebs hanging from the,ce11-
,, pig; the body of William Alexander Malsberger.
 sixty—seven years old, was goundgn his home at

‘£15: Robinson avenue, Atlantic C_ity. ’In another
" (mm, in-a dusty drawer, the police found a deed

in 6.‘

I gtfozﬁjne propertiesgin Atlantic City‘ valued at more -
than 99»

 part of‘: fortune the mgngis said
W‘ f—'ﬂ..;] “K.  e .2  "1" ,
3   _ only partly.  and

       

 

   

. _ y little animals ‘
« whose‘ tender ﬂesh used to delight the early set-1
' tlers of the prairies and large herds of which

there's ‘:a_ good frcaaon: o.

FAME AND’ FORTUNE WEEKLY

suffered in a struggle with robbers. Physicians ..
who examined him said these wounds were not
suﬁicient to have caused death, and that the re'- -.
cluse probably died of heart disease after ﬁghting
the intruders. Joseph Sharpe, a bricklayer of
Bargaintown, who found the body, said he saw 3,-
no one else about the house. ' _ »
The man went to Atlantic City from Readi ‘,
Pa., about ﬁfteen years ago, after the death of his =
wife. He lived entirely alone and never had any- ‘ .
thing to do with his neighbors. He made no pre~ of 5;
tense of keeping his house or himself clean, the 5
police said, and was seen away from the building
:23 on rare times when he went to a grocery for v.

Sharpe said he was passing the house out *
way_ to work. He noticed the door was open and ,-
lﬂooking xin found the body of the old man on the 1

oor.

 

 

 

LAUGHS

i.

=3;

“Do you believe in" long engagements ‘!" "‘Ye§f 

I believe a couple should make their hanniness 
last just as long as possible.” * I I";

  
  
   
 
  
     

“What has been your business?" said a judge ‘
to a prisoner at the bar. “Why. your honor. 
used to be a dentist——now I am a nugilist: then ‘I
I but teeth in‘—now I knock ’em out.” I - I

—_-S

 

“You are charged with blocking tralﬁc.” “Well;
your honor. the officer waved to come ahead.‘ but ;
the semaphore said stop. ‘I was in a auan~ “
dary-—-—" “NOW. don't try to blame it on them;
make of car.” m ,- ‘<

s

 

v I‘

‘ Walter——Mr." Smith’s left his umbrella again.“
I do believe_ he would leave his head if it wei‘-e_;_
loose., Robinson—I dare say you’re right. *1“:
heard him say only yesterday he was going to;
Switzerland for his lungs. ,. ‘ —’

 

"MY daughter practices ﬁve hours a day,''.;;'
said Mr. Cumrox. “Surely she will become a.’ i
great artist.‘ “I hope so. Anyway. I hone she’.lI'm
soon get far enough along to ioin.a musical union‘
and strike for ‘shorter hours.”

  

,.

4

    

A little boy was renroved by his mother 
wasting bread. “You should never throwaway ’
bread," she said: “you may want. it some dam?‘
“Well.” said Johnny. “would I have any be _
chance of getting it then if I were to eatfif

now?» I g .,‘f.

  

 
 
   
 
 
  

 

Elizabeth, aged 5. was visiting her uncle Q
the country. “Just think. dear." hose’ to but
“God made all those beautiful mountains.
it wonderful?" “So could I if I had thedirtcﬁ
said Elizabeth. - ' .  W ’ '

Husband: “Pm tirefof eternlaljnlwg _
I wish ydi would let me alone. ’l‘hai‘ik,_the 

 

 

 

there are no mar:-iasres;in,he'aven!_'_‘  ~ .

’,‘,‘,_ l‘ _ e_: .  3.?‘

 

  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
 
  
 
 
  

I

. ; FOSSILIZED TEETH 9 FEET LONG
What is believed to be an important discovery
antediluvian remains has been made at Casa-
,n, near Arpino, Central Ital , where fossil-
. teeth of immense size have been brought to
it. Some of these teeth are about nine feet
; and about four feet in diameter, and experts
« have examined them believe they belong to
‘ nntediluvian mastodon or -mammoth. The
' - -—: tooth weighs 400 pounds.

The discovery was made by the Rev. Mr. Fus-
li. prior of the Abbey of Casamari. \

ER’S POISON IN BEER KILLS TWO
:. MEN IN CAFE
_ Martin Romler, barkeeper in a local cafe, Bud-
 ‘ - H ry, and one of 's customers drank

glass of r each from a reshly-tapped keg
» a ‘few seconds later both dropped to the ﬂoor
’ . When the keg was broken open the body
a viper was revealed. The snake is assumed
' have crawled through the bunghole before the
was ﬁlled at the brewery, discharging its
>-~--- ﬂuid into the beer during the struggles

« t drowning.

RMAN FARMER QUITS CROPS TO RAISE
FISH AND FOXES
.. ecrops of E. Ziemsen, an extensive land
-> r near Ludwigslust, Germany, did not pay
,. ' well last year, so Ziemsen flooded the ﬁelds
' the fall and this-year has been raising ﬁsh
V. i doing so well ﬁnanciall that he is planning
extend his home-made l . ?
,-‘3iemsen has about 1,000 lowland acres under
-_  r. German carp have ‘done particularly‘ well
.,. the ﬂooded ﬁelds, and this year Ziemsen ex-
; ‘ ‘to gather about 80 tqis of ﬁsh.
some of the higher ground of his estate
~ =-- has a large tract devoted to the raising
V the blue fox. -

 

EX-HANGMAN FOUND SHOT -

Olui Ellis, England's famous_har_Iz_man. Who
 his nerve and relinguished his sinister occu-
» we last year after executing Mrs. Edith
‘ l_  the last woman who suffered the dea h

 - in Great Britain, was found at his home
wounded, with a pistol lying beside him.
- ~ said that he had passed a sleepless night
_to the shooting. . .
= : who isolated himself socially during near-
quarter of a century in which he- served as
. , executione , was reported to have brooded

' the fact tha he had sent tcltheir doom m°1‘9
., --m —- murderers than any other man who
. gever held the hangman’s oﬂice._ ‘After the
4 . .. of -Hrs. Thompson he decided that he
- never ascend the gallows again.

,  .QNmCHEEK-T0-CHEEE DANCING
‘J--»~ - ent of ballroom dancing is the chief
‘ﬁt the ﬁve-day convention of the American
of Teachers of Dancing, held in Chicago.
all cheek-to-cheek, shivering and Wab-
. ' l ' — ‘ '

  FAME ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
I BRIEF BUT POINTED

\

bly forms of dancing will be put under the ban,

the waltz and other reﬁned steps will be taken
up, according to Louis Chalif, president of the
iety.

.f‘Modern dancing is killing,” he said. “Instead
of exercising the body and making it healthful it
is twisting bodies out of shape and displacing
their internal organs. It is wrecking nervous
systems. Fashionable dancers are through with
the modern dances. They have gone in for the
foxtrot tango and the French tango.”

While banning so-called jazz dancing, synco-
pated music will stay and aid in the reform of
dancing, he said, adding that the young dancers
have become too lazy to organize new and grace-
ful dances. '

DIVERS GET $1,250,000 IN GOLD
The eleventh—hour discovery of an unex-
Eted stoi-in place in the forepart of the liner
urcntic, w ich has been lying in 90 feet of
water since she was sunk a German subma-
rine in 1917 at the mouth of gh Swills, on the
northern Irish coast, has enabled divers to rescue

$1,250,000 worth of gold bars which had been’

given up for lost.

The divers have been working for six years to
discover the consignment to American bankers
of $35,000,000 in gold and silver bullion. Opo-
rations by divers had about suspended, as it was
supposed only a few gold bars were left which
were not worth the cost of another season's work.
But at the last moment another storage place was
discovered. _

The whole consignment of treasure in the Lou-
rentic now has been recovered, and, despite the
perils of the greatest salvage feat on record, there
was only one accident, in which a diver suﬂered
a broken leg.

MOUNT SHASTA GLACIER voiirrs RIVER
- or MUD '

A veritable river of mud. boulders and ashes
extending in width from a, few hundred yards to
half a mile and in some places from ﬁfgieen to
twenty feet deep is flowing from the mouth of
Mud Creek Canyon, eight miles above McCloud,
Siskiyou County, on the slope of Mount Shasta,
into the McCloud River. _

Boulders, some of them many tons in weight,
are being carried toward the river in the thick
stream, the like of which never has been seen in
the McCloud district and also the origin of which
is a mystery. ,

Old residents, students of Mount Sl'iasta’s for-
mation, blame the phenomenon on a glacier... The
MgCloud slope of Mount Shasta is near the peak
of an extinct volcano and has been exposed to the
sun because of the dearth of snow. A portion
of the glacier is believed to have slipped down the
slope and now is melting rapidly. ’

Sweeping past McCloud at a point three miles
distant, the irresistible viscous mass broke the
pipes of McCloud’s water supply and for two
the inhabitants were forced to depend upon
road tanks for their drinking water.

 

 

  

‘ITEMS OF

EAGLE PICKS UP BOY OF 14

An eagle measuring eight feet from tip to _tip
picked up fourteen-year-old Fred Cunninghom,
weighing ninety-seven pounds, on a golf course
at Chatham, Ont... recently and lifted him ﬁve
feet in the air until his clothing gave way, ac-
'cording to the story told b the lad to-day.

Cunningham, clawed and scratched, managed
to net the bird in a wire fence, where it was
killed by a citizen.

-. “STRONG MAN’S" TEETH GIVE WAY
Hurled twelve feet when her husband's teeth
broke, Mrs. Lucille Fondows was seriously in-
jured at a local theater in Detroit the other night.
She and her husband put _on a “strong man”
act, the ﬁnale of which consists of Fondows sus-
pending his wife b a leather belt while he hangs
from a trapese ho ding the cord in his teeth. _
-Last night, as he began to whirl his wife, his
teeth broke and shevwas thrown into the wings.

. 210-MILE STEEL T_UBE _

A continuous steel tube 210 miles long, without
a coupling or a screw-thread connection will be
laid between the Texas-Louisiana natural gas
ﬁelds near Shreveport, La., and Beaumont, Tex.

When completed, the longest 16-inch diameter
pipe line in the world will cross two rivers, in-
numerable creeks and run underground through
four counties to carry the natural 3'83 to Beau-
mont.

Oxy-acetylene welding will seal eve joint, re-
placing the old method of screw coup ings, thus
reducing the upkeep of the line to the vanishing
point. and conserving ‘a great quantity of gas

rom the leakage which has always been unavoid-
able with threaded joints.

, ELECTRIC BRICKLAYER
An electric bricklaying machine that lays 1,200
 _ bricks an, hour a inst 500 a day for the ﬁver-
’. A age human brick ayer, is the latest application
at electrical energy to industry, says t e Iron-
, Monger. _ ‘
U n rails placed around the_outside walls of
the uilding a traveling boom is set, and upon
I this are the mortar tank and laying mechanism,
‘ driven b a 3-horse power electric motor. The
laying wheel rotates, taking two bricks from the
carrier, while’ another wheel spreads mortar as
,the carrier moves along the boom. At the end
— ",0! the wall the machine changes direction and
 ' roceeds as before, until it has laid one row of
' I ricks entirel around the house. The boom is
n raised e thickness of one row of bricks
and mortar, and another trip begins.
‘ Three men are required to supply the electric
ﬂ gbricklayer, which is said to do the work of_twen-
*ty masons, and which has the further advantage
at nevei going on strike or dropping‘ bricks upon
rs y. -

 7 it AHONEY-MAKING ANT
  be king‘ t Vbel .:s f
_., g , , _ dpeciehnéthttl ‘ at: f:l‘l:l¥l in —°Cno rgd:,n¥K1?i-

 

     
  
   
 
 

 

»~ .- :

   

 and  ‘hike other "ants,-_

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

INT-EREST

these live in colonies, in subteranean nests, the
entrance to which is in a small raised mound.
The honey is obtained at night from small galls’
on oak leaves, by foraging workers which become
considerably distended by the honey. With this
honey they feed the other workers and the young
in the hill and what is left over is communicated
to a number of ants which serve as living recep-
tacles. These live honey bags cling to the roof of
the nest chamber and move very little, and in
time their abdomens become enormously dis-
tended. According to the Rev. Henry C. McCook,

the noted naturalist and author of “The Honey ' I

Ants of the Garden of the Gods." these livintr
storehouses merely retain the honey until it is

needed by the colony during the winter, when it 

is given out of the surcharged crops to feed the
colony. Ants with similar habits but different

. genera have been discovered in South Africa. In,

Mexico these ants are eaten by the natives.

Look, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!

_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an ath-

lete. A
Five Different Stunts— ‘
THE_ FLYING TRAPEZE —— Release the
trigger-pin and the figure swings for-
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a-soinersault in the air and catches
a cross-‘bar by his heels.
THROUGHTHE LO0P—-A swift swing
and he goes through a. wire loop, makes
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.
THE GIANT SWING—He goes forward
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches «.

two swift somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again. 

acts with the grace and agility of a cir- _- '

cus star, and many new ones can be in- ‘

vented. . \ '
The Most Wonderful Toy in’

PRICE $1.00

. The collapsible stand and the little inani-,l
kin are neatly packed in a handsome box.

 

receipt of price. Address I

wows NovEL"rr co. ' 
166 W. 234 st. New York ciiy, 1;.’ iv,

1 .

 

 

a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes 

   
  
   
   
 
    
 
 
 

He performs two more horizontal-bar ’ in i I
the World! . g 

Delivered anywhere in the United Stateson 

     

._/" "'

\ _ . ‘ V _'
Tlieronly man s   sw..,_, 
i h’ ldtallttoth S  (if
t w 0 con e upe inten en
I OR several years, he was just like a score women telling of promotions and increases in salary
of other men in the plant—a good, honest, “'3 dlm-“lY *0 SP3F°'Um¢ Stud)’-
faiﬂy capable worker’ but only that There VVhat are you doing with the hours after supper?

was nothing distinctive about him or his ability C3" -"°" aﬂmd '° let them sup by unimpmwd

_ _ when you can easily make them mean so much?
“"°thmg to make hlm Stand out from the One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in the
'_ crowd-—n0 T6330“: 35 3 matter of facts Why he quiet of your own home, will prepare you for suc-

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
      
    
   
     
  

' should ever receive a raise in salary. _cess in the work you_ like best. _ Yn, it will! Put
Then one fortunate day he decided that the it up t° "5 to Pm" "' Mall ms °°“p°n t°'day'
Z ‘ reason he wasn’t getting anywhere was because '"TERNAT|°NA|- GORRESPONDENGE SCHOOLS

Bu ‘493.(. acmnmi. rannn.
Without cost. or obligation. please tell me how I can quell? for
the position or in the subject bdole wind: I have marked en :

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

 . i he lacked special training. _ He searched around
a. bit—aslred a great many questions-—and then

 

 

   
  

A’ enrolled; for a home-study course with the ﬁ1‘g'jgf,'{u‘§f,'}f,‘:f.?;,'§’§. ﬁiilifiiiisiiixiiiip
' zylnternational Correspondence Schools. gfgggggﬁgrgggggum Q I1='§e\;4‘§rC§-reﬁt‘r;;g"mM
 “Soon after I began Studying,” he Wrote to nl?;‘.ii‘Z$.‘;‘..';‘2i"n.niingL.. §§f.;’.‘1Z:".§”iE’§gli’.‘l.T”‘"
9* us the other day. ‘-‘we had =1, change_ In m=m- ”§?§§§Ei$?§‘5.5.‘Ff2??J.ﬁﬁE;§"" B§‘.§l'..i’»'§l§°ncx.,t
~  agement at our plant. - The new superintendent },‘;';;;'§;"§;‘;§m,, Cf‘,‘,"-”"“”~'"' “‘{‘°§L§§§f§“'
" said that only men-who had really studied their -"°“'“fr"Ec OD frenth W’ —'~“1"="- UCm°°°1¥
‘ work were in line or positions as foremen. 1-gienricaigiiiinieiinguo 'NDUC§l|‘:§cliAit‘Z<‘tcoURsES
“I '  . . l.d h ' }  d d 3d d '.£lil::lt)lil!1ci(§;!‘l;i.l:LXlgl:n€€f 
V ‘ certain y \\ as g :1‘ t CD. I lat 21 CLI C ,\[et-hiinical Draftsman DArciiiree- l7l'diL:.14’qn
 to study in my spare time. For, thanks to my 7;f;=:;1§'gf‘ j;;c_:;§nf;*Scuvo . v<‘onrr<»2~“,r-z}z‘irig|e;__r A
'- ‘<‘_I. C. S. course, I was the only man in the §;igif3E§g!}«;j;;wra!1nz ‘;5;iH‘f‘:“_:.Y;;‘a5rmac!
organization who could "talk to the supcr- -;fI,L'(_I'[iRi‘]i1‘l-'«r=;»j'=1Ii<1 Mwrlnz '\_a‘_i:zar_jx§;s;»;r~z1nes
1 iritendent in his own language. As it result, I Uséﬂgl Efiéineermz Eiéliggxgggfgnd Pwltrv
fwas promoted over men who had been here Mm
om ten to twenty years. llly salary has b;en~ Street‘... 3-5-19
-7 increased 90% in the last ten months.” i — “""""'" 
“ “ city..... sm-

'  a true story of what just one I. C. S.

-,, student has done. ' There are thousands of Pgﬁmrwwin OM“. ‘mum
I . Every mail brings letters from men and njuu Covrupcudenco Sclodn cummu, 1.5»-ma.

)

 

 Regular $22.30 value.
special at $0.73. Shoots
any standard automatic cart -
ridge.
PAY POSTMAN OR B!-

LIVERY. plus postage.

PARAMOUNT TRADING 00.. Debt P9!-‘ 34 W. Illh $1.. ‘.1.

_Wri's'l Wailclx

Guaranteed Time Keep-
er. Given for selling only
_ 30 cards of Dreu Snap-Fin-
, toners at 10¢ per card. Easily
Sold. I-EARN‘ BIG MONEY
OR. PREMIUMS. Order your
cards TO-DAY. ﬁend no mnney_
We trust you till goods are sold.
. AMERICAN SPECIALTY C0.
308 A27 Z neiuter, Pg.

§‘.‘.‘,';. FREE

Gold—plated

    

Htndaoma

 
  
  
 
   
 

Spiirkliiig
S t 0 ii e .4, and
C h i1iii,. Gold-
plated Nether«
sole Bracelet,
Bluebird Ennnipl
B r o o c h, pair
Lingerie Cliisps
all free for Sell-
ing 30 pkgs. Cl‘leW‘i‘I}g1 Guin at 5c ii pkg.
r i’

 

0
B].lJI‘NE .\ll~‘G. C0.
180 Mill St., Concord Jen. Mass.-

Liiviilliere. ii’

"spectacles FREE!

 

Let me send you on Ten Days Free Trial a
pair of my tuinous “'.i‘rue Fit" Shell Rlin
Spectacles. Hundreds of thousands now in
use everywliere. These splendid Glasses will
i-iiable anyone to read the smallest print,
thread the finest needle, nee tar or near and
prevent eyestrnln or headaches. If after try-
ing them for 10 days and nights you are
élIllll7.(‘ll and delighted. and think the-in eqiizil
to glasses sold elSe“'lle!'9 :it $15.00, send
only $4.98: it you don't want to keep them,
return them and there will be no clizirge.
send no money; Pay no C. 0. 1).; simply
your name, address and age, and state the
length of time you have worn glasses, if
any. A beaiitifiil velveteen lined, gold«let-
toi-ed-Spectacle Case FREE.

0. S. SPECTACLE C0. ‘
1528 “Z Adams St, Dept. U.S. 890. Chicago, Ill.

iiiycii   63;
 counsr iii

 

two iYpeEp1.\|lS__

You Are Badly Handicapped

if you lack High School training. You cannot
attain businessor social rominence. You are

‘.7 barred from _a succe ul business career

- train the leading professions. from well- ai
ClVll service jobs, from teaching and co ege
entrance. In fact. employers of ractically
aliworth-whilepositionsdeinand ighschool
training. You can't hope to succeed in the
face of this handicap. But you can remove it.
Let the American School help you.

Fit Yourself for a Big Future

This course. which has been prepared by
some of America’s leading proiesors. will
broaden your mind._and make you keen
alert and capable. lt is complete. simpliﬁed
and up-to-date. lt covers all subjects given
in a resident_ school and meet: all recitin-
ments of a High School Training. From the
first lesson to the last you are carefully ex-
amined and coached.

Use Spare Time Only

Most people idle away ff/bi hours a week.
Probabl you do. Use on y one-fifth of your
wasted ours for study and you can remove
your present handicap within mo yarns. You
will enjoy the lessons and the knowledge
you will gain will well repay the time spent
in study.
Check and mail the coupon NOW for
full particular: and Free Bulletin.

Dept. H-684
Drexol Ave. and 58tl:6t.. Chicago

Ilictluu School. ML 34“ lhnl Ava. II§liISL.Cﬂx
Send an lull Info:-mulch on tho suﬁoetehoeltl and
how you will help no uh ooeeou.

-.....Are|IItoe¢ ......&nllOC lli

 

 “WORKING”
HILL HURLS
STONES UPON
VALLEY

D i s a s t e r
threatens the pic-
turesque town of
Lorch- on -Rhine,
which lies at the

foot of a steep
hill covered with
vineyards a n d

crowned with the
ruins of the an-
cient Nollich Cas-
tle. From causes
unknown the hill
c o m m e n c e (1
“working” a year
ago and masses
of quartz and
slate began to
slide. Now, huge
masses of rock,
weighing thirty
‘ions, as near as
can be estimated,
have fallen, de-‘
stroying a whole
‘row of houses.
Luckily the in-
habitants were
warned by the
earlier and light-
er falls; no cas-
ualties have oc-
curred, although
many people are
homeless. _
The Geological
C o in m i s s ion,
which hastened to
Lorch, declares
further landslides
are inevitable,
‘ and that most of
the "population
_{nust seek dwell-
mgs elsewhere.
Lorch, of about
2,200 inhabitents,
: islmentioned in a
2 charter as early
‘.as 832 A. D. In
the Middle Ages
_ it was a favorite
residence of no-
le families. The

 
 

  

   

‘lofty Gothic
.;,.~ Church of St.
‘ ‘_:=Martin of the

 

E-;l3th—-15th genui-
’!'y, possessing a
I; _ splendid set of

2,-tfﬁells, was entire-

   
   

  

restored in

 

    
  
    
 
 

   

of brand new. latest
model iamous "Imperial"
Brook-Ouon revolvers at finest gun steel, ..
handsomel finished. Shoot 5 shots. 32 Cal. '
special at 1.25: 38 cal. special at $1.75.
Bath runs shoot any standard American cartridge.
PAY POSTMAN ON DELIVERY plus postage,
Honey back promptly if not auisﬁgq.
Paramount Trading 0a.. Deni. Pill . 34 Vlesi 28 St. I. 1.

In Your Own Home

Yomnny now hnvo_ our model] liutmrnont
for I week’: free Lrul in your own home. Ex.
amino it. Ihow it no ym1r_ frleridu, pin: it 1.3

net: as you wlsh._ No oblienuon to buy -_ ..
Otﬂnu tor the Lrlll.

Easy Payments

If 70" decidn in buy. nuymenu -raarru-and
In convenient _uinull monthly |um|_ A {guy
cenbg ll tiny will ply (or your in. g_
S%.QC|BI oﬂern on complete outﬁtu.
he exceptional lone quality arworiiuerl .
struinents is the remit of 200 your’ expen.
‘miceéri mllslczl instrument building. Used by
v-. n in: nralessional mlliiiﬂans, premium;
Land: and orciiesuns. Usmilly cosy to play.

SEND -
son New Catalog
l?,::::i‘.::::";‘."'"=*.:“*=- ":1 ’‘“i‘’‘'''' gm.-'
_ .. .. .
mm, prices 4:45: '30 333. Xi: °a”.?.'a’l. ..‘:’°fr‘.'.'

Irinl cu)’ puvmcn: plan. All lent (I10 s. n.
oblillhon. Wt-we today I

Rudolph Wurlitzer Cc. , Dept. 2466

    
   

Li  ‘::

I2oW.42ndst. N Y rk 1 ,4). , u. .__
:2... .'..:‘»'--° 2... ‘?‘ ;...’.‘.;.°- “°"'- ” 4  *‘°".;‘°..:’-“P”:-..;*."'is'.i::€.::
l

‘ ’ Wb .
(‘nlorod (‘r-uyonn. Ilsul Potion 56 {got of I ‘e.
Cards 73 Tuuu. 52 none: lain
roevy, (‘hurnir-II nuns. and hundredo of other things. ii F
to: «um. 24 p.ci..... Perfumed at loo ouch S4-n
JONES H70. co..

Donn 4:17 NI'I'I.£BOKn

Carr-uh; 19:6. RudalpA Wurlilur Co.,

"‘o:‘:9;°;,;’f,wounERs|

I-‘REE

Here is Mirth. little
Myniery. lnatruetian uicl
Knowlanlxe. Over L000

'11: Scents, Jo an Riddlxo Cam:

PIMPLES

Your Skin can Io Quickly Gland oi Pimnlel. Blackheads.
Acne Eruptions on the face or beru Itch.
Eczema. Enlarged Pores and Oily or Shiny Skin,

Writetod y 1 in run aoonn
FREE “A ctm‘.wo§'. elm,--_.. - 5...:

Finest bicycle buiit—44 styles,
color; and since. Factory to Rider prioou.
l-‘RI-IE delive:r_ express pnsplld on 30
Days Free 1’ Il.CoIh or easy payments. ‘

i S lamps. wheel: And equipment r, » ,
rc It linit usual prices. Bend no '

cured myself After being nﬂictad yarn, . w
:.5.osv:us.m Obliod mg. Kansas cnmno. "".’i9’-‘gr, z§}§°a!‘#‘.:L‘?L£‘¥zEf£$“§§;

   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

'HAiiibs 0

Protect yourself against
hold-u . rowdies. etc. with
this c ever cigarette case
of light weight metal. Looks
exactly like the real thing! Pull
the trigger. back files be lid
showing your cl arettes. Lots
of un scaring your

T.lTBAllllll

Habit Cured or No Pay

a'.'..‘°"".......- c...'"'.;.':.".~“'.:.".‘:*.::::.'.':
4 nntrial. Cook 31:00 if it cures. Nothiun if it foils.
.3 u i'ERt5A LO. )1-2 l, Baltimore, Md.

  
  

Pot. Pending

V Money bae If not satisfied.
PATHFINDER 00.. Dan. P153534 Skill Ave. IJ.

I
. - I '
see people and objects miles away. on land or sea. or it they wen dole.
Wonder Telescope gives new pleuou w to home. farm. eamgigvd, 3

    
 
 
  
   
 

: sport. See moon and stun as never before. Opens out over

long, in 5 sections; measumu 12 inches closed. Bruno bound-

powerful lenses, Thousands pleased-"Could tell coloroi
W

aeroplane 4 miles oway."—Mri:._ Yart-rough. “Sn

 

.‘f.’“éii’:‘§'.°;"ll‘ i,&'::'.=:.-..*;':.'=°..*.:'.-»-.'*'-  ' ’ I . -
F R E E C"c'i§-S°"b°J§&m'al h:'°lb.m ‘ yudc nil nu‘! " P I! B ‘
—- 9 H9 1 X . “ V .
"-' 41.. count." ton. ‘Bondtlu mubenmlreightciur‘-“gig
uwuy, loo zruuntaina on moot-i"—A. C. Pulmur.

512-=;g=i;m=-.=*i;7;{ :'ll.°‘i&_..i.. --c... . .
c‘",‘¥I_g c... In Child?” . use of {fortunate purchase from E
eent R ‘E with '

:‘:§’;‘:“ "’ _inaker we can give you a bi _l:a.rgI"\ Be t in you-

w on d E r Ten” ‘ neigiitiorhood; entert_un your rIenda.9 Sand no money!
“ope for ‘ban - send only name u_nd nddmsezor telescope Ind ,n.ue bypucel gout.
“me On nrrivuldepocit with Postman only 81.2.) pluusfew nnieu pad 132.
"'1' - Snﬂsfaction guannhod or money rei‘unded-Order tndns II We oupply lutl.
mu FERRY 8: 60., 630 W. Jackson Blvd. Dept. C246 Chicago. Ill.

» Au FR = E
SEVEN
Pair l:itest—st_\'le Ear Drops_.
plillilllllll effect iIiiit:iIi.n Wrist
Watch with Silk Rilib‘-n Brace-
let---lzirge Cameo BX‘00('ll and
l~‘I(->Sé- 4 lovely Gold plain-ii Rings.
All 7 }."lli.|l':lll[e0(l and Given Ab-
solntt-i_v Free to !iXl_\'0l)P for sell-
iiiz only 1‘: cards of our Jewelry
l\'ovelrivs at 10 cents :1 card.
W. R. MEADE MFG. CO.,
Providence, B-. I.

 

 

   
 

 

§§§é§3as'a~sa§:§z§s

  

i-‘AME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY '
—— LA-rs:s-r xssuns -—- ‘
I50 A ‘Born specuiator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall
Street.

951 The Way to Success; or, The Boy Who Got There.
952 Struck Oil; or. The Boy Who Made a Million.
953 A golden Risk: 01', The Young Miners of Delia

rus. _
954 A’Sure Winner: or. The Boy Who Went Out With II-
Circus.

For sale by all nawsdeulers. or will he sent to any ad-
dress on receipt of price. 7c. per son’. in money or pes-
lsco stamps. '

‘HIE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS
I65 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or, The Boy Treasure Hunters

of Cocos island.
the World; or. Working His Way to For-

son A Young Monte Cristo; or, The Richest Boy in the
World.

2
o
u
:7
'4
'3
s
O
a-
o
."
ii
5'
5
I
3
tr
e
N
U
:1
B
75
E’.
7
3
3

tin: the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn't

Be Done.

A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

Nci-Ivolrl Say me; or. The Young Surveyor of Happy

‘:1 er.

Bgss of the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
trset. *

The Chance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot 0!
Crytal Lake.

Striving for Fortune: or. From Bell-Boy to Million-
a re.

Out for Business: or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
Agavotrite of Fortune; or. Striking it Rich in Wall
rec
Through aides and Thin; or. The Adventures or a
o .

smart .
Doing His el Best: or. Working His Way CD.
Aiiviayri on Deck: or. e Boy Who Made His
a .
A Mint of Money: or. The Young Wall Streeg

roker.
The Ladder of Fame: or. From Once Boy to
Senator.
On the square: or. The success of an Honest Boy.
After a Fortune; or, The Pluckiest Boy in the West.
Wvivnnlilnz the dollars; or ,The Young Wonder of
a O

Street.
Maxine Hip Mark: or, The Boy Who Became
President.
Heir to a Million; or, The Boy Who Was Born

Luc 1.
twat. in the Andes; or, The Treasures of the Buried
V

Onﬂis Mattie; or. A Plucky Boy in Wall street.

A Lucky Chance: or, Taking Fortune on the Wlnl.

The Road to Success; or. The Career of a For-
tunate Boy. .

Chsasing Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

; or. From Factory Boy to

to Dawn: or. A’ Poor Boy's Chance.
Out for Himself: or. Pnvinz His Way tn Fortune.
Duunond Cut Diamond; or, The Boy Brokers of
'Wall Street.

A Start in Life: or. A Bright Boy's Ambition.

Oust for a Million: or, The Young Midas of Wall

treet. '

mums K. wo1.rrI Publisher. lne.,
- ICC West 28d Itroet New York City

u
..

 

~ ' How To *
5_cENAm-osx WRITE THEM

~.‘ Price as cents Per Copy '1
'1‘ book contains all )he most recent c anzes
 method. of constrution and submission ,ot
scenarios. sixty Lessons.,'covering ever phase of

‘ tlti . F sale b all News ea era and
5‘-W ..".ZT.'§. :i'.7:.°°.E.’=7*:.':'?.*..°'Z=°‘:.r.'a:.:°:’.'.~..-.::_°.:.=.: »
« a.suﬂl"Inail rorfosa. routine 1'1“ “ﬁle”:

’;..*~s-nun. no Iavsath am. New York. 8.. 1'.-

«

  

destiny
- also the true meaning or almost any kind of dream;

  
 
    
  

 

our rmcsnr HAND ‘«
Useful. Iastraetlve. and A-ulna.’ nor anus 1;

Valuable information on Abs‘ 5%
' Every Subject.

 

r‘. A

No. 1. NAPOLION1 OKACULDX AND

_ DSIAI
BO0K.—Contaiumg the great oracle of human °

 

cards.

No. 2. HOW TO DO 'l‘BlCKS.—'l’he (Feat book of
magic and card tricks. containing full instruction on all
the leading card tricks of the day. also the most pohnlar
magical illusions as reri'ormed- by our leading magi-
cians; every boy shou d obtain a copy of this book.

‘so. 3. HOW TO FLIBT.-"l'he arts and wiles of ﬂirts.
firm are fully explained bv this little book. Besides the '
various methods of handkerchief. fan. glove. paraael.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the-‘
language and sentiment of iiowers. ‘

No. 5. HOW TO ‘MAKE LOVI.—-A co
love, courtship and marriage. giving
rules and etiquette to be
and interesting things not generally known.

No. '1. How To KEEP BIRDs.—Handsomely illus-
trated and containing full instructi s for he manage-
ment and training of the canary. mockingbi , hoholink.
blsckbird. paroquet, parrot. etc.

No. 8. HOW TO BECOME A 8ClEN'l'lS'l‘.—- sets}
and instructive hook. giving a complete tn-nAtl:¢ op
chemistry: also experiments in acoustics, mg-eh.mq_
mathematics. chemistry, and directions for making Irev ~
works. colored tires. and gas balloons. This book can-

not be equaled. _
A \‘EN'l'BI‘l.0Ql:7[s'[,_.'

together with charms. ceremonies, and curious games of 
1 .‘

  

. X... 

leie guide It
nsible advice.
ohm-rved.‘with many curious

< , . .
:3; Eu. .'.t«....'s.‘~.e ...*.-_~.~»x.»‘..;nk-.-.:e.

....- 4

  
  

BN4; 9.‘ IROWJO l;“'ECO.'lIE
.7 ll"l'.V. enn . . i t.lli .»
hook of ir;s;ructfio1{s“canerlnyastl:».|" th‘eﬂhtrt?°a’lltl"ta'r‘e1:t§ ti‘
amount o on if d m a _ _
kst hook evnr nnol:lish':¢l..e an en I It 1' the "‘”~
No. 10. HOW TO BOX.—']‘h . 1
easy. Containing over thirtye i.|’l'ltlS(tffl“:i1:l|ge‘o£fn?l| L
blows and the dllrerent positions of a good ho
Every boy should obtain one of these useful and .
ztlrguﬁtlivfensgcggksbris it will teach you how to ho: wiﬂh ’
0. 1 . 0W 0 WHITE LOVE-L ._ -gg '
complete little book, containing full  tilt-,

i.'.'e'§e'.‘§'°:'.3§“§‘<f.'al.§“.'.'nIa"'.§'ii:.‘° “'° ‘''°“‘' ‘‘'‘'°' ‘"9"-‘ 1}

No. 13. now so no rr; on. B00 :11. 
our-ru:.——n is a great life secret. and on: :23’: 
g:;I.nl!r"ui;l'n desires to know all about. There’. W.‘ M

     

No. Is. now To KEEP A wlnnow aannllt.-LV.’=‘v:
Coutainlns full instructions for constructing g wbdgy 5:‘.
garden either in town or country. and the most app "2
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers at
most complete hook of the kind ever pubng.ug4_

.1

N0. 17. ~ HOW To nBISC.s—conu]n|ug fun  
2:: :‘:.:::.“"..°..:'°:.-:n:.:.*:2. ..v.-m.v:..:'='= -tam-.....
and how to have them made up. H’ ‘In 9 - , ‘
Na. 13. now so mucous: BEAU'l‘IF'UL.—0n " *
brightest and most valuable little books ever 
the world. Everybody wishes to know how to '?"
bimllﬂflll. both male and female. The secret is
and almost costless. , ‘

  
 
  

    
  
  
  
  
  

,. No. so. now to nnrnnraxx as g "2’
PAIITY.-A complete compendimu of games ’;
izsrd dixzjersioinln comic recitations. etc-..IsulnhIe"!or has-‘
or or rawn -room t tan t. t

for the money fhnn anvelhcgk punlglllzhed coma“. -",1. .

 

No. 22. HOW To Do HICOND slGB'l'.-Boiler’ an-'
ond sight ex lsino-d by his former assistant. rug .3
Jr. Explain us how the secret dialogues were
on ha-two-an the mngician and the boy on the stage:
Elvin: all the codes and signals. »‘

No. 28'. HOW TO EXPIAIN DllEAIl.—v'l'hlQ
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dreams, V
[either with lucky and unlock! days. 3

No. 28. HOW TO TELL I-‘0B‘l'l3NBI.—
desirous of knowing what his future life will b
whether happiness or misery. wealth or poverty.
can tell by a ziance at this little book. Buy one aha’ _
con winced. .. ,» ‘* « ‘D

‘For me by an newsdeuers. or will he seat to as ‘R’

address on receipt of price. 10c.bx;er,eop!'; 

  
   

      
     
       
  
     
  
  

  

   
 

  

I in money or stamps.
nuns E. wonrr. Pusan-r. 

"‘.

      
 

    