BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
N.,_ 93-, AUGUST '29. 1924 ‘W. Price8Cente

. A  
EN]? M
- [3 srnmzs or

“Hurry up. Tom," cried Jack. “we‘ve bnrely t..ime to this job." The two boy: got an M

hustle on. and Jack was giving the anal up to the last spike when the
'oeo:notive.cnxne in light around the curve.

 

       

an Street, New York. N. Y.

 

  ‘A Radio l"an?
 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 

W’ g,»¢,k1,_gub,¢,-§p1;ion price, $4.00 per year: Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00. Harry E. Wold’. Publisher, me" im
 ' wggg Entered u
< ' the Pout-Oﬂice at New York. ls’. \'.. under the Act of larch 3.

VRead Pages 24 and 25  V

  

 

Second-Cling Matter. October 4. 1911. It
18”.

 

 No. 987

   
 
     
    
         
      
   
         
   
   
    
       
        
  
  
       
      
    

O
Cl:IAP'I‘ER I.--An Ambitious Boy.
i iack,” said Mrs. Street, to her son at the

 

   

i_a&’,,'pgg;g prqpetty. rent free. if we will go and
3i?“ “siI“§’:i h” “$1? ﬂ-‘"1 “ $1" °"”f;.’..e‘E.‘i.’..:.‘.;.a.
r V 1-. u ewor is_ ire mi! “ _ _
ﬁwal in his old age," said the lad. This is the
3151: time I -ever heard of him zivinz something
fuothing." . .

80 V bad‘ boys set the barn on ﬁre the other
In and it burned fo the ground. I-VIe’s afraid
‘house. 8 fairly good one. mightshare the
‘ fate unless he has some one on the. Di-en'_i—
_, toflook out for it. If we go there. Jessie
 look after things when Ixarn out sewing.
' ‘Do you think of accepting Mr‘; Shuttleworth’s

er,-motlier?" _ . ~ - V
Iohave been talking the matter

  

   

  

  

Jess d
30!”. axihthghe is rather in favor .of.it, We are

_ ‘that ' we went t<f> live on the Trent farm.
vbyﬁﬁﬁisa esumo moneytous.” _
“‘That’s right, mother. $6 looks as big as a
' ' these days.” , _
It doeis. indeed. If your poor father had ‘Wed
would be different. We got _a10nR Very
, ortably before the 1_.-ordrigi His wisdom. took
from us.” said the little widow. wining a tear
her, eye. “Now I have to calculate verb’
. to make ends meet. The $6 that you and
mean would hardly see us throuirh. for
in dreadfully hard on his shoes and clothes.
' ’ '$iasn’t,tha~t Mrs‘. Shuttleworth. and some of
_. ﬂiends, employed me to make their dresses.
" ' .dr£n’t know how» we should be able to
. ,, _
dont think '§}‘on're.uhder any -special oblizir
 _Sl:uttlewor;h. mother. You are a
key, and she ﬁts you qheaI>—-—cheai!-

    

   

   

.‘a

      
      
 
 
        
  
 
    

 
 

  to"l‘Ers. Shuttlewortli for 75

 ..her Iyirot Mrs. Smithfs
~ . ‘ F I  . . .1 \

NEW YORK, AUGUST 29,

  OUT FOR HIMSELF

_ By A SELF-MADEtMAN V V '

Esunper-table, “Mr. Shuttleworth has offered me.

 $8 a month for this cottage. We could’

_ His sister did work at home for a small inanih "

could hire any ogaer mod one in _

ﬁewhen ‘thought towget a dollar. but .
.what are you doing!’
Jack‘ told him.   -

 

hut;7!Iiram Shara-airorth ‘its?

1924 Price 8 Cents it

 

been trying to rent or sell that property ever since
he got ‘possession of it. but no one seems to
want it. People say he was unnecessarily hard on
the Trents for foreclose such a small mortgage
as $500, though it is true they were three‘ years 7‘
in arrears with their interest. At any rate, he
doesn't seem to have  anything by it."

‘Have you‘. any objection to my moving out _
there, Jack?» You will not have much further . .
to walk‘to the oﬂlce than you do now. as it is V
only a short distance outside the town limits.”

f‘I have no objection. mother. Do just‘ as you
think ‘proper. Jessie can do her work there just
as well as here. You will save rent money. at V‘
any rate, and if we are allowed to remitin there '
eight or ten months we ought to make a few _(
extra dollars off the land. On the whole,’ said 
the boy, thoughtfully. “I think it's worth taking‘
a chance.” . 4..

And so it was decided to accent Hiram Shut-
tlewoi-th’s offer, and move to tliefrrent farm be-
fore the first of the next month. Jack Street was
one of the brightest and most wide-aw'al<e boy!‘ it?“
the thriving little town of Brentwood. He nus 
employed as general assistant in a small real 
estate and insurance agency ofﬁce on Main Street...

He had recently received a ‘dollar raise in his '
wages, which now amounted to $3.50, and as his »
employer had promised him a commission in ad- F
dition for any business he might turn into the
omce, he was on the alert to earn this reward.”

  
   
   

facturing concern in the 'town. and earned on-s.thc,
average only $2.50 per week. . - 
Mrs. Street earned from $2 to 34 a week at
dressmaking, when employed. thoughgoften shoe.
had no work at all. On ‘the morning following,
§he conversation with which this chapter 0 ‘
ack met a boss carpenter named liifells. who
been a friend of his father's. “ do 
“Hello. Jack!" he exclaimed, seizing the
by the hand. “How. are you gettingxon?‘ ‘ « .
“Pretty good. on but I could  :4
additional nrosoerity without losing my 
‘I believelmoet of us think i i "

 
 

  
  

 
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

   

I '.r -3‘

_.door of the meeting room, and Homer Balfe took
. thousand. I guess I'll drop _around and see your
” v boss about it.”

'~ “I can give youall the information you need,
Mr. Wells,” said Jack. eagerly. “If you're not
engaged this evening I'll call at your house and
' show you the diﬁerent propositions we have to
2'-oﬁer, and point out which I‘ think will be the
,;best for you to take.” ,
. I, “That will be a good deal’ of trouble ‘for you,
w:’in’t it. J ack?”
“Not at all. sir.
—, self I'll get a commission, and I can do as well

' ;by you as though you went to the oﬁlce." .

. “Oh, I see! Well, Pd be glad to put something

..in your way, my lad. Your father and I were
' old friends. Come around to~night, then, and
bring your documents. I live ‘at 28 Hazel Street.”

“Thank you, sir; I'll be there at eight o’clock.”
: As"Jack moved off he ran against his particular
friend, Tom Harper, who was a surveyor’s assis-

t_ ,

I “Hello. Tom. where have you been for the last
« .week?” asked Jack. “I’ve been looking for you

;to call at the house. but you=didn’t show up.”

0 .‘‘.Been out of town. The M. & N. Railroad
ﬁip.t’s going to build a branch line to this_p1ace

ﬁt:-om Bridgewater, hired my boss to’,assist in
' , king the survey ofrthe right of. way. and.I’ve

helping him as usual.” ’

" ‘-“Where is the ‘depot going to beg?” ,

. : “On the south side of Washmgtonstreet. The

company has bought up the whole block of ground

‘oaths guiet; . The line will cut the Parsons’ farm

in .

_ “You don't say!” exclaimed Jack. ,“That’s not
«far. from the Trent farm.” _ , »

V ,“Al_hout half a mile. I should think."

property until Mr.‘ Shuttleworth sells or rents
rt.‘7- ‘

 enough?!” You'll be closeby our house,

   

”’_ '_ ate" right. It would be ﬁne if we could only
 ‘rd to become a ﬁxture there. Perhaps we
 V , after all.,if I can make ‘a little money on the
foutside. If you;hear of any one who wants _his
>er"house'insu‘red just steer me on to him,
.-lBI'>.\lu and Pllieonsider it a favor?” ,

we P will.  you getacoinmission?"
. 9,. " ' Pllvowhuck. up with :you on any

‘$5’ me 01'! CO'.”'" A e
9 y -’ ou’re— talking! lgy old man has _

otnazﬁw lo lately. I'll see}! .I"‘ca_n -talk him_ into
..$1,000‘pohcy on his life," grinned

"gthsnks. So the railroad is going through the

‘ .-. farm. is it? From whatl know of the

' l y. I should think there would have to be

jiezvy .emba;ikmont built across the farm
 ro‘ad:up' to a level."

heard in boss say that 31: least’ two culverts
’ ’ ‘ﬁgybuilt--one across the creek. and

ecrosnthe branch of the creek which

  
   
 
 
  

 

   
  
 

  
 
 

 ﬁlling  here and Mid-
» ' madway.'..'I'd like to own
'_ “in this

our FOR

“ rate, I begin to-‘night.

You see, if I insure you my- _ -' '

“By the way. we’re going to live on the Trent _

 the Brentwood National Bank. he heard a 

' at the Rate.

~ . ‘sol. tbeTrerit-Tfanrn. ‘It will take ‘

_ neizlibor 

   
   
   
  
 
   
   
     
   
     

 

HIMSELF

we'd be our ‘own bosses instead of working for
other people at low pay.” « " '
. “The trouble is to get a start!” replied Tom.

“I shall try to make one for myself. At, any
I'm going to call on an
old friend of my father’s to talk him into insure If
ing .his life. I hope to get my first commission
out of him.” _

"Well, I wish you luck, old man. So long!’
and the boys parted.

CHAPTER II.——KidnaDDed.

Jack called on Mr. Wells that evening and sue‘-. ' '
ceeded in talking that gentleman into signing an 1‘
application for a $3,000 endowment policy. If fI!‘~";.g._'
went through without a hitch,-the boy
that he would be entitled to about $100, and cone 
sequently he went home feeling like a bird. v _

In about a week they moved all their belongings, "2
to the house on the Trent property. as it still ‘~
continued to be known, although it had become‘; _
the property of Hiram Shuttleworth. one of the 3 "
legal luminaries of Brentwood. A board sign ‘.
standing near the front gate announced that tlieiyi
place was for rent or sale. terms to be had on 
application at the ‘owner's oﬁice on Main Street, ‘
An advertisement to the same effect'was occa-
sionally inserted in the local morning daily,  ,

A few days after the Streets went to live on 

 

  

the ten-acre farm, Jack met'with another 
of good, -luck—-he insured’ the new Bren ’ y ,
Hotel against loss by fire, and earned his  

 
 

. commission, though not a very large" one, it is *

._,,,
true. ,Nearly every evening after he had 
his supper, Jack‘ returned to town to interview’, 1
diﬁerent people on the subject of life or. ﬁre‘ ,
insurance. . ’ _ __ i ‘,4; 
On one of'these occasions he was returninzt

‘home about ten o’clock when, as he was"pVass'

the residence of Willard Davenport. presidentfo ‘

       
   
   
  
    

scream for help. - , I
“What can be the matter in there 1'' heeask
himself, coming to a dead stop in front, of-they
gate which opened on the walk leadimr t0'_§'lQ
front door. There was a bigred touring auto-
mobile standing alongside of’ the curb, and  __
boy noticed that its _bull’seye lambs were ml‘
lighted asthe law required. . ‘ ~ _ , 3,,“
' Mr. Davenport's home was Quite a pretenh'9II§&=c.
one, as beﬁtted a gentleman. of cousid _, ‘
me , and being situated “in the siiburbsfﬂ
tree- ined street was deserted and lonely atytlfﬂs
hour of‘$he. night. As Jack ‘stood 
undecided whether toproceed 6 ‘
way or not. the cry was repeated with
shrillness. , V '- v‘ _
__ “l’m afraid there’s” something wrong lg; ; -
house. A woman doesn't scream like ;_
nothing. I'm going to investigdte.lgn,yw___
He opened the gate and started;£or.thI".
springing up the steps he-I . out *5
to push the electric‘hell.’when.tho fags  «»
opened almost," in his 

   
   
  
 

      
  
  
   
     
     
  

 
  
    
  

  
 
  
    
   

   
   
  
 

  
 
  

  

  

. «- "2; ‘ . " .1: I a

OUT FOR

‘the same moment another man. also masked. ap-
peared at the door with the form of a girl. whose
head was enveloped in a shawl. in his arms.

1 “Wbt's up ?" demanded the second man. in a
hoarse voice, pausing on the threshold and looking
down at ‘his companion. who had thrown himself
upon Jack and held him pinned to the boards. _

“I caught this young monkey standing Just

. ‘beside the door here as I came out.” was the reply.
“What shall we do with him ?” -

“Gag him at once to prevent his alarming the
neighborhood. Then tie his hands with your
handkerchief and bundle him into the auto. He
must not be allowed to spread the news of what
he has seen at this stage of the game. It might
ruin everything."

The fellow pulled Jack's handkerchief out of
his pocket and kneelng upon the struggling boy's
chest, succeeded in tying it about his mouth. He

' was unable, however, with all his strength, to
get the boy over on his face so that he could
bring his wrists together behind his back and tie
them. He had to wait u'ntil his mpanion came
back; and then the pair edmple the capture of
Jack. Between them they bore'the now helpless
boy to the automobile and thrust him under the
back seat. upon which the unconscious bundled-

, ‘ up girl lay huddled in a heap. Jack’s sensations.
_ _ ==.~f’as he lay squeezed into the narrow space under
 Abe seat, were not the pleasantest. The whole
 aifair had taken place so suddenly that he was
F only just beginning to realize that he was a
if prisoner in the power of two men who were ras-
cals. past any doubt. .

Mile after mile, however, was reeled 011' along

 ‘ l the lonesome highway. which threaded the sparse- /

ly settled and mountainous district to the south
of ‘Brentwood. and no stop was made to dispense
with the prisoner under the seat. After an hour
the machine turned off the highway into the hills.
gmd its progress became slower. Winding in
_ and out among the boulders and other obstruc-
‘~. tions it ascended by easy stages to an opening
- “ ‘ between two of the hills. and then descended
, ‘by an equally tortuous course into a little land-

» _ belted valley, covered with thick green grass
ii ad comparatively level. At the far end of 
 valley stood a rude two-story. unpainted dwelling
2' under the shadow of the highest hill of the’ chain.
 ' In front of this house the automobile stopped
and the man who had acted as the chauffeur
‘ dismounted from" hisseat and pounded on the
facet. A tall. bony and unprepossessmoz woman
‘ ap_pea'red after uh interval, with a lamp in her

hand.

’ ‘Here we are, Mrs. Meiggs,” said the man.
eerily. I

‘Have you brough _ ” began the woman.

 ‘The girl? Of course we have. We are ready

, ‘D turn. her over to your p cting care. See

 you treat her well while s remains here.
But he sure that she does not giv you the slim".

’ ‘>"Don’t fear that I'll give her half a chance

‘to blip out of her cage." replied the woman. with

:- ﬁ nil smile. —~ .

_ ‘Where is your husband 2”

 188! brute.” ,- - -

 him up. I want to see him. First
 ’- . _ d better pilot Curley. with the girl,

A to the room you have prepoﬂsd for her

deadtothe worldfor so

an _ 

    
   
      
  
 

   
  

, the leader of the enterprise spoke.

- \

HIMSELF _ l 3

hours yet. When she comes to, you can make
her understand that her detention all depends
upon her father. If he stumps up the reward
quick, without raising any fuss or notifying the
police, she'll be returned soon. If» he starts
in to make trouble for us. then things won’t be
quite so pleasant for her. That's all. 1' guess,
for the present. Curley will remain to help the
good work along at this end. while I will attend
to the other branch of the business.”

The speaker made a sign to his companion.
whom he ad referred to as Curley. and that in-
dividual got out of the auto with the insensible
girl in his arms. Jack. in his close quarters .
under the rear seat. had easily heard every word
Its purport
rather astonished him.

“This looks like a case of kidnapping.” he
mused. “Evidently these rascals have abducted
Cassie Davenport, the banker's only child. They
intend to squeeze him out of a wad of money
unless he refuses to treat with them. It's pretty
tough on Mr. Davenport. and on Cassie. too. But
I wonder why they have brought me out here
They can't expect to make anything out

Maybe they were afraid I could furnish '
a description of them and their auto. Perhaps _
they think I saw more than I really did. I may ‘
be kept a prisoner here until this scheme has
been brought to a head. That will be hard on me,
as well as on mother and sis.”

The man who appeared to be engineering the
scheme did not enter the house, but. paced up
and down before the door until Curley came back.
accompanied by the husband of Mrs. Meiggs.

“Here I am, Mulbrook," said Meiggs, stepping
outside. “My wife said you wanted to see me.” x

“So I do. The girl is upstairs. as I suppose
you know.”

“I know it.” replied Meiggs.

“Have you a safe ‘place for another prisoner
I want you to hold on to until this job has been
disposed of to our satisfaction ?” ‘

“Another prisoner?" exclaimed Meiggs. look-
ing at the auto and not seeing any one in it.

“Yes. A boy. whose month we must close for
the present. He almost interrupted the game.
but we nabbed him in time to prevent complica-
tions. He must be kept here until further no-
tice. Now. have you a place to put him where
he can't give you the slip 1'” '

“Yes, We can lock him up in the cellar. He'll _ ‘:-
be safe enough there.” ' ‘ ' ‘

“Very good. . I'll hold you and Curley re-‘
sponsible for his keeping."

“Where have you got him?" asked Meiggs,
in a puzzled tone. «

“Under the rear seat of the auto," replied. ' 1
Curley. “You'd better get a stout piece of rope, “*
and we'll tie his arms in good ‘shape. At presait . ~
there's only a handkerchief around his wrists.” '

Curley and Mulbrook talked together in a low
tone while Meimrs was absent. hunting up the I
piece of rope. When he came back with it they
yanked Jack from the auto. bound his arms in ‘
ship-shape fashion. and marched him through a , ~
dark hallway into the kitchen at the back ofihe “ "
house. Meiggs raised a ‘trap in the ﬂoor,-and 
taking the lamp in his hand preceded Curl ,
his prisoner down the short ’ ‘i ‘gt 

also ?
of me.

  
 

-3
3

   

    
  
 
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   

T our -FOR

f excavation dug out -of the earth, which answered
for a small cellar. _ - _ _ _
“"‘I think it would be agood idea to tie him
. to one of these posts, then it would not be
; necessary to put any weight upon the trap,”
-said Carley. ,

"’“'1‘hat’s what we’ll do." replied Meiazzs. ;‘He
_ won’t need so much watchin’ then.” _ ‘
_» 'So,,without more ado. they‘ tied him to the
. post, removed the gas from across his mouth_so'
hecould breathe freely, and without ‘addressing
.. a Word to the boy they took up the lamp and
departed for the regions above. leaving Jack 810116

in the dark. ,

 CHAPTER III.-—In the Hands of the Enemy.

Jack passed a mighty unpleasant night in that
cellar. When his eyes got accustomed to the
"gloom of the place he saw that, with the ex-
ception of a few boxes and a half-broken ﬂour
~ barrel, the cellar: was quite bare. The beams
’si2pportin;z- die kitchen ﬂoorwere within a couple
of feet of his head. and for some time after
he had, been -left alone he heard the heavy footr
falls of the two men and the lizhter ones of_ Mrs.
Meiggs, passing and repassing_above. ‘Finally
hefheard .them no more. and rightly concluded
the occupantsof the house had retired for
' night. .

"He dazed off to sleep at last. to wake up
a dozen times, owing to the uncomfortable posi-
tion he was in; Finally tired nature asserted her-
self.’and- he slept’ through until something‘ fall-
ﬂlrigon-the ﬂoor over his head awoke him to a full
, realization-of his surroundings. It was still, as

‘ ‘abage gave him the idea that morning hail come.
‘In’ the ‘course of an hour the trap was lifted
‘  Meiggs. carrying a battered tray with dishes
on it". and Curley the lamp. descended into the

   

sings told Curley tp rat -a box from another
fat the ‘collar and bring it over to him. .
' got one and placed it on the spot in-
ﬁndic , "by Meigsrs with "his foot. The tray Was
deposited uponwlt  the-lamp on the ﬂoor.

?‘ poll.’  ." jsaid Curler. with a grin,
 ‘you’-spend‘ the. night in your chamber

 yoni_ci‘7.  aim’  f ‘t if‘you’d been
‘ , —'uU":‘Wpcht,~!l¥:I aulenow ?=.” licnlied Jack”.
 thatfe what you ket ‘fonbuttln’ in where

:&nttwcre. notlwanted. What did you do it for?"

   
 
    
  

' Beéwac I heard‘ that zirl you've ‘kidnapped
un‘¢_m’»Ior help."_ . . . ‘ ‘
N Ol;Ij.‘_.'yo -heard her. did you? You've got

xears. How could you hear her {way
“ ' " Arc you sure you didn't

 up in the. auto and then try to follow
sleazy ,ao.any.thinz of the hind."

 o *5 _ Mutual“, dlt’ «un-
  V L.-deﬁance  cal :0l!1e?

    
   
  

    

 

 

"' dark’ as pitch in his'prison. but the footsteps‘

I the loose earth in a box as he removed it. and»

..- .1-=s';i>'°v=’?9-*.8.°t ‘*9. feed

   

HIMSELF «

and eat your breakfast so we can tie you up
again.” - »‘

“Are you going to tie ‘me again ?” _ ‘V

“You bet we are!” replied Meigzs. Q .

“Well, it’s a mean thing to do. You've got 
safe enough here without making matters uns ,
necessarily hard for me. There’s no windows -
for me to crawl out of it.”

“We might as well let him stay loose,” inter-_ ‘
posed Curley. “We.can put a weight on the ‘
trap to hold it down." ' 1 

Meigzs offered no‘ objection to this suggestion. 
and as soon as Jack had ﬁnished the coffee they
departed with the tray and lamp. the boy free ,
to amuse himself as best he could. Theiﬁrst 
thing he did was to examine his prison closely
with the aid of ‘some matches he had in his 4
pocket. x . , 

“I’ll bet a dollar I could dig myself out of _
this place with the help of one of those barrel 
staves if I had time enough. The earth is not
so hard." 1

This idea occurred to Jack the moment',he _ ,,
saw the real character of the cellar. ‘Hepicked. — 5
up one of the stoves and started in at the ~
rear end of the cellar as being‘ the most likely‘, 2
spot where he could burrow his way out in the - I ‘
shortest space of time. After working steadily .3
for half an hour, and making quite a hole in, the -’~
wall of earth, he stopped to rest. He had planned, '
after getting free, to hurry back to town 
notify Mr. Davenport where his daughter was
held a prisoner; but it ,now occurred to -him 
his escape would be discovered long before he  
would probably be able to. reach Brentwood and
ﬁnd the banker, and that the people in the houses,
fearing the inevitable result that must follow‘...
would hasten to remove Cassie Davenport to‘ 
other place, and the effort. to rescue the girl-1.2»:
would be frustrated.  _ 7‘

“If anything is going to be done to. save ‘her’

'I’11 have to do it myself while I'm on the spot.’ ,-
he said to himself. “The question is how -shall 1 5
I manage it?” ’  ' " , "

Jack resumed his digging before he thouzht at
any deﬁnite plan that promised results. lie eh-I
larzed the hole to a considerable extent dur_in¢'j~
the next hour.‘ taking the precaution to deposit},

  
  
   
 

 

       
     
  

     
  

     
 
 
  

  
  
    
  
    
  

  

afterward draxthe box to the opposite end d_£’th“p .
cellar ‘and scatter the‘ dirt‘ about. .He had dug ‘ 4‘
a hole -four feet into the rear ‘wall of the calla; - --1
when. from certain sounds he heard taboo 
thought he was trains: to have'a visit. from
two rascals. He hastily stood one of the, 
against /the excavation and going to thexllax‘
which had serv_ed_ him for a.‘ breakfast-tabl‘e;,.l_np}’
sat down upon it in 3. dejected attitude. A He was
“not mistaken. The trap was lifted and thojwllb
was thrust down for the person who" held..ﬂ;%, , .
see that the steps were clear, ‘and the 
not waiting to make a rush for fuodont. ~¥t—’I'ﬁ .
Curly who held the lamp." and he caught -
of Jack on thehozr. ._ « *-_

“All right.” herald to Meizgs;  y
der. f‘Come on." l_ '1  a‘ V" "i, ‘
» ‘Mains golloyegl hug down with 

but  

  
  
    
    
    
     

          
   
    
 
  

 Tofsack

_ »; him and then tied his ankles together.
. s that he was safe for the night. they left him once

 

OUT FOR

“Here's a plate of stew. with . s_ome_ bread
and coffee." said Meiggs. “You’re hvin’ h1_lZl’l f0!‘
a prisoner.” he grinned. “for you're gettm @318
same fodder we eat ourselves. Be thankful We 1'8
treatin’ you so well. If you behave Yourself
everythin' will go on all right. and when the
time comes we'll let you 20- If You tr)’ to escape
we'll putyou on bread and’water as a punish-

’ ment. see?" »

Jack heard him. but made no_rev1.V- “ '

“Get busy. young fellow.” put in‘ Curley. Don t
you see we’re waitin’?" _
‘ So Jack turned to and cleaned up the dinner
they had-brought him. and as soon as he had
ﬁnished they left him alone once more. Half an
hour later Jack resumed work on the hole, and
kept at it steadily until he had enlarged it to a
depth of six feet. After taking a rest he began
to loosen the earth from above the end of the
excavation, as he considered he ought to be well
beyond the line of the house» When he had duz
about a yard upward he stopped. . _

“I guess it won't be safe to do any more until
iltizht. The earth might cave in before I want

to.‘ .

So he sat down on the box that answered for
I. table and awaited the coming of his jailers
with his suuper.

 

CHAPTER IV.—Cassie Davenport.-

It was two hours before Meiggs and Curley
came down the cellar steps, the former bearing
thetray and the latter the lamp. as before. and
Jack; now that he had nothing to do. felt the
time hang upon his hands. Meiggs placed the

* supper before him and the two rascals watched
him eat it up. Then a disagreeable surprise was
sprung upon him. Curley brought down a couple

a.
“Here's your bed," he said. “Now we'll have

K . to tie your hand and feet for the night. so that
V . gwe ‘can be ure of you."

Jack put up a kick against it. but it didn't do
him any good. The men bound his arms behind
Satisﬁed

more in the gloom of the cellar.
Jack fumed and fretted over his helpless con-

Ihdltion for an hour. Suddenly it occurred to him

"that by rubbing the cord continuously against
("one of the edges of the post he might mxtime
' succeed in fraying it so much that he would be

able to snap it apart. It seemed a ﬁre-class idea.

‘_’_ end he adopted it at once. While he worked
= away he could hear the movements of the people

..in,t_he kitchen over his head. _-

At last even those sounds ceased and complete
Itlllness reigned in the house. It was about
thiatime that in exerting his strength on the

_' "condo for about the twentieth time one of them

This loosened the other and out came

HQ
’ Jack’: hands. free at last. - ’

z =~'!’he‘ﬁrst thing he did was to run up the steps’
I I IlIi‘1‘lieten attentively at the trap. Not a sound

‘hglhe kitchen. Mechanically he pushed on the
i i _ .expecﬁng. of course, to ﬁnd some heavy

j ‘ liolding it down. To his gtcatsurprise
.-readily enough to his touch and’gradu-

 

HIMSELF 5

ally opened up until he thrust his head and shoul-
ders into the dark kitchen. A moment later he
stood up in the room and looked about him. His
eyes being accustomed to the darkness of the
cellar, every object in the kitchen was easily
apparent to him. He saw a door ahead of him.

Going to it he cautiously opened it a triﬂe. and .

ﬁnding darkness beyond he struck a match on
his trousers to deaden the sound, and saw that he
was looking into a small entry with a ﬂight of
stairs leading to the story above. He decided
to ascend the steps, and removed his shoes for
that purpose. Then it occurred to him that it
would be the act of a wise general to provide
an avenue of safe retreat in case of surprise or
mishap.

So he looked around f _ the door opening
upon the outer air. That w  difficult to ﬁnd.
It was locked and doubly bo . but it was an
easy matter to turn the key and draw the heavy
bolts. Then leaving the door slightly ajar. with
his shoes beside it. he started up the stairs-as
softly as he could, so as to avoid making any
suspicious sound. He believed and hoped the two
men and the woman were abed and asleep. but he
was by no means sure of the fact.

“I was a .fool not to look in the front room
before I came up here." he thought. as he struck
the landing above.

Then he noticed a light shining under the
crevice of a door. and presently heard the voices
of a_man and woman. He tiptoed over to the
door, and, holding his breath. listened atten-
tively. He recognized the -voice of Meiggs. The
female, therefore, must be Mrs. Meiggs.

“William,” the woman was saying. “I hope we'll
get rid of that girl soon. She is a spunky thing
and has given me a lot of trouble since she came
to her senses."

“We can’t get rid of her till Jim (meaning
Mulbrook) comes to terms with her old man.
Then we'll be well paid.”

“Well, I want half of what you get. remem-
bet." she said. in a- decided tone. “If you hold
any back. and I ﬁnd it out, you'll have cause
to regret it."

_“l'll deal square with you. don't you fret.
l\ow's’pose we. have a hot whisky before we
turn in ?”

“I'm not gain’ downstairs to light no fire to heat
water at this time of the night. We'll take the
whisky cold to-nigl1t.”.

Jack heard Meizzs growl about his wife's lazi-
ness. but she shut him up in 0 tart way, and soon
the_ boy heard the rattle of glasses and presently’
Meiggs said: .

“Here's lookin' at you. old woman.”

“My regards._William_.” she answered.

Then.followed the clmkimz of glassesand a
short silence.

“Are you sure that boy is all right in the
cellar '.”'_asked Mrs. Meiggs, suddenly.

“All right? Why, of course he’s_all right. Me
and Curleytied him hand and foot. He might
as well think of ﬂyin' as to
to-night.” _

“But he might get loose." persisted Mrs.
Melggs. A _

""l‘here ain't no chance of his gcttin' loose."
“How do you know there is1_i"t?' replied‘ the

     

Ret out of that  t

   

 
   
    
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 

I woman, tar-tly. “You go right downstairs and
* put that rock on that trap.” A at
7‘ -‘But I’ve got my clothes off,” objected her hus-

“Shut up and do as I tell .,.... I ain't takin’
no chances in this thing even if you are. William
.Meiggs.”

stairs and do the job. and therefore it behooved
himto get down first. As the quickest way
of accomplishing this without noise he slid down
_ the rail,’rebolted, the kitchen door for fear Meiggs
. might examine ‘it. and then taking his shoes in
his hand he hid under the stairs. Pretty soon
down came Meiggs, with a lamp in his hand.
’ in his shirt and pants. He went into) the kitchen
4. and‘ rolled the rock on top of the trap.
‘I hope the old woman’ll be satisﬁed now,” Jack,
from his place of concealment. heard him say.
Then ‘he remounted the stairs again.’ a‘ door
.bang'ed and all was quiet once more. Returning
"‘» to the kitchen Jack again withdrew the bolts
‘that secured the door.
, . ‘Now for business,” he said, rising to hisfeet.
“I've got to find out the room in which Miss
_ I Cassie is conﬁned. and set her free. And I must
a t  it without alarming the occupants of the house
’ or there’s likely to be something doing." ,
- ‘ Jpck returned to theentry and made his way
unto the landing once more. He struck a match
and looked, around. ‘

 — “That's the door ‘of the Meiggses room. andj this
door"is——ah. there’s a key on the outside. and a
bolt also shot into its socket. I'll bet this is
where Miss Cassie is held a prisoner. The third
.. » door ,I ‘guess opens'into Curley’s,room. I’ve a
I ’&;licate job before me. If Miss Cassie takes
, me for one of her enemies and makes. an outcry,
the fat will all be in the fire. Well, I've got
risk it.". ' .
2 __Be ‘softly turned the key in the lock and then
tackled the bolt. It did not move easily. as the
: ‘was wide and ﬂat. and. moreover, some-
btanaﬂlxed to the door. Finally he succeeded in
shooting it without making. much noise. Then
fgopened the door slowly and cautiously peered
in-to~the room’. It was almost as dark as the
collar. for the windows ‘had been boarded up so
‘- do ‘eat ally prevent egress through them.
Athe_.I0.or behind him and advanced
' tooﬁie room. for fear he might
_ 'furniture. Coming to the
‘_ _ be room he paused and listened.
M ﬁrsthe could -hear nothing, then the soft‘
 iicenzhlnsrof a sleeper fell upon his ears. He
struck-a match and glanced around as it ﬂared up.
_ ft bed lay Cassie Davenport, fully dressed,
 had "been spirited away from her

   

   

  
   

 
  
 

igllt before. Jack lit a second match
her.. She was a very pretty girl.-

blonde hair; peach-bloom complexion,

vtona‘ . g_ ‘1 A

. V expiring matchon the c \ he

 placing one 

1 _. .  ’“35.7M."'¢.1'?’ -

her {life saddesziwahefiilizesa.

  
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

  

. I’ ‘ OUTFQR

Jack saw that Meiggs would have to go down- _

"father pay a large sum-of money.

‘ unlocked and unbolted. We have only to step 

rusted V from long disuse before . it had; thrustim It was C ﬂay’ who was a light skew

_Mrs. Meiggsﬁhe darted back ‘into hiapoas

.1 

 

 

HIMSELF ' \_

CHAPTER V.—-The Escape. ' V.

The girl was clearly startled by the presence
of an unknown person besie her in the dark-
ness. .

“Don‘t be frightened. Miss Cassie,” said Jack.
reassuringly. “I am here to take you back to
your home. If you make a noise you'll alarm
the house and spoil everything.” ‘

His words seemed‘ to make an impression on
the girl, for she ceased to struggle. Finding that
she was beginning to V-imderstand the situation,;
Jack stepped back and lit another match. As
the light ﬂared up Cassie gazed eagerly into his
face. She had never seen him before. but~some-
how she felt that she could trust him. " '

.“Are you from Brentwood?” she asked, earn— .
estly. . > 1

“Yes. I live in Brentwood, and my name is '=
Jack Street." ' 

Cassie rose from the
in his. ’ . . .

“I believe. you are my friend." she said.‘ “I
am sure I can trust you. These people have‘,
carried me away from home in order to make my
The woman
thatwatches me and brings me food is a bad
woman, and I hate her. I do want to go home
at once. I know my mother and father are wor— ..
ried to death about me.” - _e

On reaching the door. Jack looked out, but ~‘-'
all was still. - ‘- -

“That'll f* .

.. . , 4
_ . :.,....e._.«...mn.a..~.=: ’ ‘A..v».._......em..;_._>....n....n.uh-n-n.hn...n..'.-nun

1 .

bed and put hfr hand‘

(1

L

“Go softly and carefully.” he said. ;
save you taking off your shoes.” _
. She allowed him to lead her. ﬁnd he took her 5.
to the foot of the ﬂight. Then he led her into_ 
the kitchen and closed the door -behind them.

“The worst is over now," he said. as he picked‘
up his shoes and put them on. “‘All that 8:141  . V‘
between us and freedom is this door. whi in

' .<....:.. g... 

 
       

outside.."' 1 »- l —
,. A Jack spoke the entry door behind them —.
ope d slowly and cautiously and ahead fut 

       
     

and had been awa e’ned by the creaking, of the
stairs as they bent under the weight of Jack and. "
his fair companion. The softness of the cneab 
ing was what aroused Curley’s suspicions. ‘  1 ‘.-

He had not the least idea that Jack avassont .
of the cellar, but he thought perhaps Mrs. Mag

 
   
   

     
       
     
    

had forgotten to lock and bolt the door of
REVS mom: that the prisoner had discovered
the fact and wastrylng to take "advantalte 9113..
Ofcourse this was only a suspicion. He hi" ..
believed there was anything in it. but still’
determined to make fsiire everything was all.I:i¢ht.,
So he leaped out o bed. lit a candle and wﬁ’
put on the lanqme to take a look at the Iasta-r‘
mgs on the prisoner's door. He discovered

door tier. - . .  "

Wit a muttered curse at the carelessness

      
  
     
 
 
  

 
   
 
 
     

        
   
  
 

Glﬁ

drew on his trousers and coat. 

down the. stairs and opened the

  
   
   

  
 

  

exp.ectinIronIytoﬂndthe;girlin_tha'p
rt:-mag to  the  L

w.

  

  

OUT FOR

. had left bound hand and foot in the cellar. But
__4j' as Jack opened the’ door and the~clear night
' air partially revealed his features, Curley recog-

nized him and gave a gasp of surprise. He
sprang forward with a roar, of anger and seized
. . Cassie just as she was passing through the door.
., She uttered a stifled scream of terror as she
felt the heavy.‘ detaining hand on her shoulder.
‘Jack tumed to see what was the matter. and
he came face to face with Carley.

“Thought you'd get away. did you '."' snarled the

" " man, maliciously. reaching out out his disengaged
“ - hand to grasp the boy. '

But Jack wasn't caught as easily as he thought.
Recovering himself instantly. and rendered des-
perate by the imminent’ danger of recapture and
its attendant consequences. he suddenly struck at

. Curley’s face with all his might. The blow took
_‘ . ﬁect right between the man's eyes and he fell
‘ back. releasing his grip on Cassie. _

“Run, Miss Cassie. run!” cried Jack, jabbing
Curley in the stomach and then slamming the
door in his face. He followed the girl. who was
fleeing across the grass-covered valley as fast_ as
she could go. and soon overtook her. Knowing
that they would 'be\ pursued at once. and that
Cassie wduld not be able to maintain a pace swift
enough to throw off their pursuers. Jack looked
around for some spot where they could hide until
the men had passed them. The cleamess of the
night was against them. but by lying low in the
grass the boy hoped they might avoid discovery.

“Drop down, Miss Cassie, on your hands and
knees. We must work a bit of strategy on those

 chaps. It’s our only chance to elude them.'"

He pulled her down‘ after him. and not a

,“ ~ Jnornent too soon to avoid the sharp eyes of
_ - Carley as he dashed from the house in pursuit.
- They lay silent and motionless close to the ground

  

y-' ' while he passed at full speed within a couple of
_,'.‘- “ ‘ yards of them.
 _ “Now we'll crawl over to the rocks and see _if
=’‘ “we can get out of the valley that way.” said
 :Jack._ as soon as Curley got some distance -in
1-. advance. \
' , Before they had accomplished half the dis-
tance, for that kind of locomotion was slow,
lleiggs came running _out of the house. while Mrs.
Meiggs’s head might have been seen thrust from
the ='!lDDel' window following with her eyes the
efforts of Curley and her husband to recapture
their prisoners. ,Curl_e,v did not stop till he reach-
ed the ascending path that led out of the valley.
. ‘ l-le conﬁdently expected to see the fugitives
’ _ close at hand. and was ready to make a dash for
them, but he ~.-“as puzzled and disappointed when
the way ahead showed up perfectly clear. Then
» ‘it was apparent to him that the runaways had
.  some way eluded him in the valley by h'ding
- a rock in the tall grass. He vent his
‘ ‘rage and started back the’ way he had come. keep-
-: in: his eyes vsarily on the lookout for some Iiln
_  them. He soon saw Meiggs hastening toward

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   

 ‘Why are you coming_back?" asked Meiggs.
: ."'?_HIe‘¥”_eouldn‘t have got away already. could
 «V C - .'l‘hey've given me the slip in the grass.
 ;fni'e are still in the valley somewhere." _ '

, ’  by Judas: we'll root ’em outl"‘cried

 

HIMSELF 7

While this conversation had been going on the
two men were slowly retracing their steps. with
their eyes cast to the right and left in search
of some sign to indicate where the fugitives
were. At that moment they heard Mrs. Meiggs
scream out:

“There they go.
up the rocks.”

She waved her hands across the narrow valley
to the left, and sure enough the men saw Jack
and Cassie climbing over the stones and bushes
along the side of the steep hill. Meiggs and
Curley started at once to overtake them.

There's the two of ’em goin’

CHAPTER VI.—Back in Brentwood.

_“Those chaps are some distance away now. ‘
Miss Cassie." said Jack. when they'reached the
foot of the rocky hillside. “Now is our chance
to creep up this narrow path. If the night wasn't
so confounded bright our chances of escape would
be first-class. Gee ',whiz! There's that woman
looking out of one of the windows.” he added.
“I'm afraid she’ll pipe us off before we can get
very far." ‘

They started up the incline as fast as they could
go. and had got half way to a certain point Jack
was aiming at when Mrs. Meigks detected them
and. as we have seen. called the menfs attention
to them. \

“That old woman has eyes as sharp as
needle.” said Jack, helping Cassie forward.
was afraid she'd see us. Now the men are after
us full swing.” ‘ ‘

“Oh_, dear! I hope they won't catch us.” replied
the _girl, in a shiver of apprehension. “It would
be Just dreadful to be taken back to that house
again." -

“They shan’t take us back if I can help it."
said Jack, resolutely. “They'd make it specially
hot for ‘me if they got their hands on me. for -
I am doing them up bv helping you to escape."

While hiding in the grass. hvhad given Cassie
a brief staﬁment of how he had been captured
by the kidnappers at the door of her home and
brought along with her in the automobile. He.
explained how he had been held a prisoner in the
cellar, and how he managed to make his escape
and go to her rescue.

It was soon apparent to them that the men

a
“I

‘would overtake them before they could reach

any place where they could hope for a chance to
give their pursuers the slip, unless something
was done to stop their advance. Cassie was grow-
ing exhausted under the severe exertion to which
she was unused. and Jack was in despair when
his eyes lighted on a pile of loose stones. He
grabbed a ‘handful  commenced to bombard
their enemies. His aim was so true. and the
3301198 Whlﬂed soilmnleasantly near to the heads
of the rascals. that they were disconcerted and
came to a halt in order to dodge missiles with
more success. They realized
the head from one of the stone: was " ..
thing. and consequently they obiectedto it. ~ I ‘* .
NOW, Cassie. while I hold these ﬂing; at .g_ _,
di8‘tanee.ma_keyourwayuptothatbreakinﬁie‘
hill. I'll join you as soon as y f

f ,

a

 
 
  

      
 

/

I ‘ the spot, and then maybe we'll find some way
 of throwing the men off our track.” . _

 She started to obey his directions. while Jack
continued to take aim at the rascals below and

to«pelt them at a rapid rate. One of the stones
‘struck Curley on the shoulder and lamed his
arm, causing him to swear frightfully and
,,threaten the boy with a severe retaliation. Jack
was not intimidated in the least by his threats.
" ‘ At~length Cassie reached the spot to Which
she had been directed by Jack. Then he grabbed
an armful of stonesand ran towards her. The
. two rascals resumed their chase the momei_it_the
bombardment stopped. As soon as Jack Joined
‘the girl at the break in the hillside he saw
that a path ran down through the hil1s."and that
there appeared to be dozens of spots where they
- could hide. After pelting the pui-suers to a stoD
,one(.more, Jack and Cassie disappeared from
‘their sight down the path. _
_‘\“They’ve gone‘ down the hill," growled Meiggs,
when the two men reached the break the elves.
._ _ They started rapidly down the path, c riﬁdent
of overtaking the fugitives, both swearing to
do ll kinds of things to Jack when they got
hold‘ of him. But catching Jack and Cassie now
was not such an easy matter as before. There
were trees and rocks and brush_woo_d on every
hand, behind which they could hide in compara-
tivc safety. Meiggs and Curle_y_ losttheir best
chance of recapturing the fugitives when Jack
stood them off with his stone bombardment un_til
,Cassie had climbed the hill as far as they m-
Half way down the hill two
pair of -cage: eyeswatched Meiggs and Curley
by and after they were out of sight. out from
 a thick mass of brushwood stepped Jack
. “flier retraced their steps to the.openmg_in the
they ran down the hillside in full view of
the awaited Mrs. Meiggs, who looked in vain for
her husband and Curley at their heels; theyyran
across the grassy valley, and ﬁnally disappeared
‘on the road by which the automobile had brought
them both on the preceding night to the 'ho_use
in the valley. After that they walked rapidly
.  in the course oi two hourgthey came
font on'the county road, which led straight to

   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
   
    
     
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
   
   

i

; , in tlie morninz. and so far /as the f_ugi-

_, ﬁves could see there was not a_ house in sight.

 were weary after their night's exertions.
«socially

Flt .doeexi"tm:¢:‘m as if I could no another step)”
 in a’ tiredvoice. ,;‘Do you think we
I " "f the now .”
‘I. "lie ’i‘.’.";‘..a. vsviiieiam dos: to it.” replied
'¢h0O!’fllllY. “Here's a -log.. We’ll sit down
rest a while.”

  wearil

       
  
  

§

' closed her eyes.

    

   

awglé

 

~with country produce for market. -~

. twenty miles away. It was about four .

upon ‘the hollow old loz
«  "‘ﬂl1lT.;Ii:8%llbhY$l¢ SlJd:ck€2f
8 on S
 ’ “"8 ‘iii’ sufmorted_ her
’ '  arm around her waist. After in silence
. 4. minutes the bar woke:
  ._‘1onrmotherand‘father_andthe~
 ,1-avskcals corned you
mm: .«m 3'. ‘aodzewawr

scevaatnhot ingnlarto. 1'

   

   

‘our I-‘on HIMSELF V -

' C .
relate each of them received a lettei; that after-
noon calling them to their homes, on account of, ~ ’
illness in their families.”
“They did. eh?” 1 '
“Yes.” ‘
“A put-up _job to%et away from the house.
It’s a wonder you were not afraid to remain
home.”
“I did not expect to stay home. Miss Styles.
my Sunday-school teacher, had promised to come

over after a church meeting and stay all night

with me. I was reading in the sitting-room, wait-
ing to hear her ring the bell, when those two men
came suddenly upon me. At first I was speechless
from fright, then. as one advanced upon me I
screamed for help. As he grabbed me I screamed .
a second time, but he stiﬂed it by pressing a
handkerchief over my mouth and nose. _ I smelled
a sweet, sickening kind of odor, my senses whirl-
ed, and I remembered no more until I came to
myself in that room where you found me. That
hateful woman was bending over me. with such
a horrid smile on her wicked features that I
thought I had the nightmare. When I found I
was really awake I was so frightened at firstl
did not know what to do. I asked her what was
the meaning of it all. and she told me I had.
been carried away from my home because my
father was believed to be rich and could well ,
afford to pay a big sum of money to save me
from coming to any harm.”

“Well,” said Jack, “I guess they'll have to go
without that money they calculated on getting‘
from your father.” .

“They would have got it but for you. Jack ,
Street. 1 shall never forget how bravely you‘ 3.
have acted. and how good you have been to.me’—-~
never. never!” .

At that moment. just as the eastern sky began»
to show faint indications of the coming dawn.
their ears caught the sound of a team approaching 
up the road. It proved to be a big whgon loaded I -

‘;Here’s a chance for us to get a lift on to ‘ .
town, perhaps," remarked Jack, jumping to his I’

eet.. ‘ \ '
He walked out into the road and hailed the
driver, who reined in his horses.

“Will you give us a ride toward town. sir?” he
asked, politely. “We're pretty well fagzedmut,
and in no shape to walk there." ‘ -

“Walk to Brentwood ?” ejaculated the man. 1'!-
garding first the speaker and_ then the hatless.‘
well-dressed girl with some surprise. “Do vou
know how far it is to that town?” . Q!‘

“I have no idea-of the exact distance)! replied.  29:’
Jack; “but I guess it’: a good way.’ _;

“It's every foot of eighteen miles. young man.‘ 
Do you two live at Brentwood?" ’ . ”

“We do.", ' .  .

“How come you to be away out here at this‘.
hour of the morning 1"’ ' T1‘

_“We were brought here against our wills.”~ 1' ,

“Brought here against your wills!” exclaimed,
the driver of the team. in some wonder. “Bog
lﬂitllﬁt?” 1 - ~‘ /, _

?‘I'll tell you our story if you will be so *
..I suppose yo

9

       
 

£8Wl§l!l8l‘0Ml

  

  

  

OUT FOR

 ‘ ‘That’: straight enough for us." said Jack. “I

5 may say that this young lady’s father will pay

you well for any_ inconvenience we may put You

to. She is the daughter of Mr. Davenport. the
president of the Brentwood National Bank."

I‘ The man gave utterance to a low whistle. for

he knew that Willard Davenport was one of
Brentwood’s lead‘ing_citizens. -

 “Jump up." he said: “there's room enough on
" ’ this seat for both of you." _ o _

f Jack assisted Cassie to mount to the driver's

perch. and then squeezed alongside of her him-

“Git up. there!” cried the driver. snapping lils
long whip. and the team went on.

 ' As they jogged along toward town Jack told
the driver how both he and N_Iiss Davenport had
been carried 011' into the hills in a red automobile
by a couple of kidnappers who counted on squeez-
ing Mr. Davenport out of a round sum of money.

It was about eight o'clock when the wagon
entered the town limits. and ten minutes after-
yward Jack and Cassie aliglited before the elegant
resideneeof Banker Davenport.

 

/ .

'  CHAPTER VII.—-Jack Receives Tokes of the
‘ _7_T Davenports' Gratitude.

  

-  We will not dwell upon the surprise and de-
light of Mr‘. and Mrs. Davenport when their
daughter burst into the breakfast-room and
siprang into her mother's arms. _
_. more than mention the heartfelt gratitude the
-T banker and his wife showered upon Jack Street
when the story of the young people's adventures
in -and out of the hands of the kidnappers had
T‘ . n told. Jack declined to remain to breakfast.
.- /xugh pressed to do so. as he was in a great
_I-’ I hurry to go home and relieve the anxious suspense
-: of his mother" and sister. Cassie accompanied
him to the door. _
_ ;“But you will call to-night. won't you?" she
 eagerly. . _ ‘ _
It was impossible to resist the pleading request
_ of ‘so lovely a girlas Cassie Davenport. and so
9 a Jack ‘promised to call that evening. As he ex-
—,\ pected,.he found his mother and sister worried
to death over hisunexplained absence. and. of
 he had a long story to tell~them in elx
“ nlanatiog of it. ‘
~1  h was pretty well. ‘fbunged up.” to_ use
_, his own expression. he did not go to business
;that day, but  in for a good sleep after
the had had something to eat. _ During the morn-
 the banker. after furnishing the police with
i ipforination about the location‘ of the house ‘in
 valley among the’distant.h1lls. together With
the tolerably accurate description _of the three
‘ accomplices of ‘Jim Bulbropk. the chief kidnapvel‘.
-furnished by Jack. gave the whole story to'the
gkreatwood Daily Mercury. and it appeared under
 scare head in the aftemoon "editions.
#30! "course. Tom Harpersaw the story. and he
‘— rushed around to his friend's house about supper-
iilpe. Jack had just got up. feeling all ‘light

fﬁello, ‘LJack!” cried Torin. bursting into his
 “Is this all true that I've just read about

' a.

 
 

i

 

  

 

Nor will we,

    

HIMSELF 9

“If you'll tell me what you've seen about me
in the paper maybe I'll be able to answer your
question." laughed Jack;

Tom gave him the gist of the story.

“Well, I guess that's true enough.” admitted
his friend.

Mrs. Street called her son to supper and Tom
was invited to stay and have some. ,

“Well, seeing it's you. I'll stay.” said Tom.
“but I told mother I'd be right back.” ‘

“She’ll never -miss you, old man." chuckled Jack.
“There are six more of you to occupy her atten-
tion." -

“That’s right. And they'll eat up my share
you can bet.” »

After supper Tom took his departure and then
Jack went to his room to spruce up for his
promised visit on Miss Cassie. He was amighty
good-looking boy when he was dressiﬂ in his best.
with his curly hair well brushed up and his__
shoes polished up to the queen's taste. He re-
ceived a warm welcome at the Davenport home.
and was pleased to ﬁnd that the banker made no
suggestion of paying him for the service he had
rendered his child. e spent a pleasant evening
and left at ten o'clock, fully persuaded that Cassie
was the nicest girl he had ever met.

A few days afterward a small package. ad-
dressed to him. was delivered at the farm. On
opening it he"found an elegant gold watch and
chain. suitably inscribed with his name; also a
diaimmd studded horseshoe ornament. A letter
accompanied the gifts. stating that the watch
and chain was the joint offering of Mr. and Mrs.
Davenport. while e horseshoe was Cassie’s pres-
ent. They hope e would accept the tokens as a
slight evidence of their regard and life-long grati-
tude. Jack had no objection to accepting the

presents; in fact, he was delighted with them.

andtfrom that hour he wore them wherever he
wen .

‘CHAPTER ylIl.—A Granite Discovery.

The next time Jack called at the Davenport
home the banker asked him into his libi-a"i-_v.

“I guess I can put you in the Way of making
a few dollars. Master Jack," he said. with a
smile. -

“Pm much obliged to you, sir. I’m trying to
earn something over an_d_above my wages theé
days, for Im not receiving _a princely sum for
my services. though I have no ‘fault to ﬁnd in that
respect. ..I’ve only been in business a little over
a year. and I can't expe¢t to earn much until
I get older and more experienced.‘ ‘

“You told me that you are canvassing for in-
surance. and that you've made Quite a little sum‘
during the last month in commissions.” »

“I've made about 8165 all toldﬂir.”

. “I'm going to take out another $5,000 ordinary
life policy in the Phalanx Co. Bring me the ap-
plication paper and I'll ﬁll it out and sign it.
You ought to make a good commission on it”

“I’ll get $175, sir." _ ,

“That's fair enough. Now I'll give you a letter

‘of introduction to a friend of mine. Mr. Barker. ‘
I Brentwood Trust 4C0lnba%. .,
He told me thatiie intendedtaking outatlo. ‘

vice-persident of

9°

endowment policy in the Phalanx. I aekeilhhn’

1/’, . ,

~

 

o

 

   

    
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
 

.I8 3 personal favor to put his application in
through you. and he said he would do so.
on him to-marrow evening at his home. with the
. necessary papers, and he’ll fill them out. That
— will ‘add $350 more to your outside income.”
. On the following eveninglack called with his
letter of introduction on Mr. Harker. That gen-
_ ..tlenIan* received him cordially. and after an hour’s
' interview the boy left with Mr. Ha);ker’s $10,000
' V application. duly shgned. in his pocket. His em-

the oﬂlce next day. —.
“Oh, I've got "another. for $5,000 coming to-
v marrow.” said Jack. -
“Indeed! Whose is it?” .

“Mr. Davenport’s.” * ' ~
‘ “You'll soon have a‘fat bank account if you keep
‘ , rm. I‘guess I'll have‘ to raise you to $4. You
are easily worth it.”
. _t:1l'hank you. sir.. You’ll, ﬁnd I'll try to earn
1 . - ‘ s '
Through Mr. -Davenpoz-t’s inﬂuence.’ Jack se-
» our-ed quite a bit of ‘insurance business. so that
three months from the da of his adventure with
 '___the kidnappers he had about $650 to his credit
in-a savings bank. The kidnappers in question
hadnot been captured by the police. as they took
. 'time- by the forelock when their scheme against
.' » “Banker Davenport failed through J ack’s exertions,
j  and disappeared from the neighborhood.

 One Sunday morning Jack and Tom were stroll-
. in: about. the Trent farm. which still remained
unsold or unrented. much to Mr. Shuttleworth’s
dissatisfacﬁon, whenlthey ‘sat down on the bank
nfithe  branch, which ran along'one edge
of the _-property. .

- A about the railroad. Tom '!” asked Jack.

“Isn’t it almost time they started to build it '."’ _
‘ ~ “It will be commenced soon. Iheard yesterday
that John Owens. of Bridgewater, has secured
 contract for building it. He's the man that
_ , 'm a‘ bid for the new road through the
; . to Tsylorville.” ‘ . y . ‘
"Is. that so!" . ' ' . "
.,"Yea. He's had an engineer tapping‘ the hills
r” building stone; but my boss says he'll never
getthe kind he wants anywhere near a hundred
miles of here.”
,. ._8ud_denIy Jackvnoticed that the waters of the
grant» had .washed:~t e soil away /from a portion
tfiithe ‘bank noartw ere they sat. uncovering a
 ‘stretch of hird rock, which glistened in a_
jleeuliar way In the"Inorning,sunshlne'. . ‘ _
,'  The;-0'3 I.‘ .pletch'oi' stone’ now right on this
1' said Jack. pointing -it 'o.ut‘to his companion.
- __  how much there is of it. and what kind

 it is? Just, see how it glistens."

2 I ( gotznv and went to take a look at it.

"Why..;thatlooka_lilce granite.” and Tom.
 our _ev'or hear of any having been found
 M‘!-.'_'v ...

 ‘ 3.-.§vould'hg_ve known at it if such was the
in In, boss‘ has surveyed _a ‘_K00d part of

ﬁrm‘  V, _‘ ,9 1  V  Id 
3op!n!oa..na be pro-

  

 
 
 

    

  
  

  
  

  
  

  

 

‘OUT FOR. HIMSELF

ployer congratulated him when he turned it into V

uxiouly.
year 1110
, la ‘$100-onucowic; ‘Make out‘ map:

     
  
  
 

"I will. I'll call on Mr. Davenport and hen N
a talk with him on the subject.” . , ‘\

Jack had a talk with Mr. Davenport that evenv
ing. and that gentleman recommended him to con-_ «"
sult a certain Bridgewater engineer. In fact. he
promised to write to the engineer himself and
ask him to come to Brentwod and pass his opinion ’,
on the stone in question. A few days afterward
the engineer came. Jack met him by appointr‘
-took hi!!! out to the farm, and then went over it
together. The engineer examined the uncovered
rock and pronounced it an excellent quality of 1
granite. He probed the ground and ascertained -
that the ledge ran right through the center. .;_
of the farm. and presumably out under the coun- .1
try road.

“Would you advise me to buy this property on-
the strength of your estimate?” asked Jack, 
eagerly. ' ~_’ .

“By all means. You'll have a: fortune in this,
ground, vou can take my word for it." V » --

.Jack was greatly excited. When his mother .
came home from where she had been working all ‘>
that day he told her of the engineer's verdict. , . 

‘fI’ve got over $600‘ in the bank. mother. I’
want you to take it and buy this farm for me 
in your own name. I can't do it, for I’m under I
age.” .
Mrs. Street, impressed by her son's statement‘. =
of the future that lay in the granite ledge under
the farm. agreed to do it. A, -

“We must do it at once before Mr. Shuttle-’
worth hears of this discovery. I'll call on him
to-night and make him an offer.” . . ‘

Jack did so. Mr. Shuttleworth was greatly,
surprised when the 'boy disclosed the object of
his visit. ' . ' , ‘

“I_ thought your mother was poor.” he said,
b_ezmmng to r_epent_of his generosity in permit-_,'j
ting the Street family to occupy the Trent farlnz
rent free for the last four months. “If she can
affordto buy property she can afford to pay rent 
for the farm.’'- ' , ' .

“She has no money.” replied Jack. “I have got 
a few hundred dollars I, made lately in  
sions." I want toinvest it in that form if you'll"
sell it at a’ reasonable, ﬁgure." ‘  ~ 

“My price is’$1.100." replied Mr. Shuttlewortiu

“I’m aware you've been asking that for jg,
it is more than it is worth." A‘ '. ,

'“rIt-lﬁaw do you know that 1"’ granted Mr. Skunk-
wo . , . ‘ , _;-

“My employer is .a real ‘estateman arid. know!!!
the real value of every foot of ground abomtthlsv

   
   
    
    
  

  
       
     
  

 
  
  

  
     
   
     
    
   
     
 
  
  

      
    
  

  
 
      
  

      
  
     

  
   

neighborhood. He told me that $900 was sink
price for the Trent property.”  j y ,
“I don’t care what  said. I'll take 

 
  

andlgzotwa. c}:1(tless."th k, f . . y
“ ou e tin emaret nearlVa~yesr__ .-
vrithout gettlngspurchaser." or . y ,9: >-
“That’s my business. If you. want"that-mug-'
my you must pay me $1.000.’ .  _
“I-Iow'much cash to you rocuire?"__ukoAdl '

~ru aka‘ hair. ...a.. Thebalance fog,

  
  

 
   
    
  

   
 
  

 
   
  

$33 on V. . ‘ ‘\
“Very Awollfyrepliod Jock. ‘W53 .3.

  
 

-.“- w

that-'-I$.f’~~ .   H

   

 

 P ev’er.vho gave his’ receipt for the‘ money. and .

Mrs, Street signed the contract in duplicate two
days later at his oﬁlce. The deed was turned
over to a lawyer to examine the title. and while
‘ﬁiis was in progress Jack got a day oil’ and visited
‘the contﬁctor who was going to build the rail-
road, and told him he had granite on his prop-
; - erty for sale. and would like him to have it
. examined with the view of making.a deal with
him for stone for the railroad. The contractor
could hardly believe his ears, but he agreed to
i’. semi an engineer to look into it. Jack referred
3- ‘ him to the engineer in Bridgewater who had
* gone over the land.
“‘Go and see him.” said the boy. “His report
ought to satisfy you. He's the best engineer
’_' in the State." ,
'-‘: ._’ The contractor did go and see him. with the
1'7 result that he made an offer to Jack in a day
I or two, which the boy submitted to Mr. Daven-
*" , port. The banker looked into the matter and
" ‘told Jack the offer was too low. He told him
what ﬁgure to submit himself, and Jack did so.
By tlk time the ﬁnal arrangements were com-
. pleted the property passed into Mrs. Street's
‘ - hands.
i~‘- " Then the news‘ of the discovery of a ﬁne ledge
" of granite on the Trent farm was printed in the
_ ‘ Brentwood paper. Mr. Shuttleworth read the ac-
count and was staggered. He couldn't believe it;
. . -»&t' investigation proved to him that he had let
 -”-it a fortune slip through his ﬁngers. and perhaps
#" he wasn't the‘maddest man in Brentwood!

»

 
 
 

  

Q /

, ' ' Q
_.. CHAPTER IX.——Plotting against Jack Street.

4 Jack Street saw substantial success before
himself at last. He had made a contract with
‘John Owens, the railroad contractor. to furnish
hinrwith building stone for the bridge work and
calverm all along the line of the M. & N. new
. branch from Bridgewater to Brentwood at a cer-

hin ﬁgure. and also to supply him with as much

base; broken rock as he could at one dollar a

   

Under these circumstances, and as he wa§,truly

fl ‘, out for himself in every sense the words implied.
" he resigned his situation at the real estate and

  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
    
 
   

iisurance omce. much to the regret of his em-
. player, who feared the never again would he

2 ‘get such a smart and’ pable lad in his oﬂice.
.»='~ Hr. Davenport helped him with his advice and
personal inﬂuence, and Jack foimd him a moun-
_j toll: of strength to rely‘ upon in starting out in
’  his new line of business. It wasn't lonz before
the -back of the farm. down by the branch of the

A’ before known in that neighborhood. A gang of
. . under the direction of an experienced
oreman. were_at work‘ getting out the stone for

‘ﬂy ﬁnishers to tackle and put into shape. The
 rock. which accumulated from the blasting

,,,~_iperations. _

'  mounds. to {wait the expected. orders
rm its. pment as soon as Contractor Owens got
rtofuse it in‘his work upon the line which
 under way from Brentwood as a
i i v ‘  _’ " —
ﬁ_‘ 31): rthadexpressedawishto

\

   

‘creek, began to wear an air of activit.v‘never’

was heaped up at one side. in ever- ’

OUT FOR HIMSELF 11

see the budding quarry in operation. Jack called
for her one afternoon in his modest buggy. and
took her out to the scene of his new business
enterprise. Before going to the quarry. Jack
mtrduced her _to his mother and sister. who had
been quite anxious to meet his new friend. Cassie
took an immediate lik'1rTg for Jessie Street. and
invited her to call upon her at her home and take
gndch some day. which Jack's sister promised
0.

Miss Davenport found much to interest and
amuse her at the new granite quarry. and she
1- mined some time talking to Jack. and asking
questions which he could not always answer satis-
f’dCt°l’ll)[. owing to  inexperience in the busi-
ness _which he was tr_vmg to conduct in a way to
do himself credit. ‘

“After taking Cassie home. Jack met Tom.

_ Come out and have supper with us, old man.”
said. Jack. “I want you to see how well we're
getting on at the quarry.”

“All 1-iglit."_replied his friend. jumping into the
hungry. “I d like to see how things are progress-
ing.

After supper Jack took Tom out to see what
hail been done_ at the quarry.

_This looks like business all right,” remarked
Tom. as he looked the place over in the gather-
mg dusk. “No one would have thought the small
patch ‘of stone we saw uncovered by the action
of the water that Sunday morning would ‘have
developed into a real quarry. It looked more
like a solitary builder than anything else."

“You're !'l2lll'.—-_lt.dld. If it wasn't for the
fact that the building of this branch railroad
put the idea of stone into my head I should never
have thought of investigating the underpinning
of this farm.” ,\ .

The boys went into the open shed where the
stone. in all stages of preparation and in its
ﬁnlshetjl State. lay about. and sat down on a
bench in the darkness and talked about the future
of the quarry which promised such splendid re-
sults. During a pause in the conversation Tom
saw a ﬁgure come out of the gloom and stand
near the far corner of ‘the shed.

“Who can that be?" he said to Jack. ’ ‘
the object out. pomtmg

“Give it up,‘ replied his friend.
one of the men come back for something he for-
got to take away."

Presently two other ﬁgures joined the first
and_the three advanced cautiously into the shed.
Their movements seemed to take on such a sus-
picious aspect that the boys remained silent ob-
servers of their actionsl’ _

“They are coming over this way." whispered
Tom. “You don't recognize them. do you ?”

The three meh ﬁnally stopped within a yard
of where the boys sat. concealed from their ob-
servation by a pile of dressed stone_

.“You are sure the young cub lives in yonder '

  a voice that had a familiarkr-in:
“Certain of it. 1" bee wat'clung' th pine.’ '-
all day.” replied ooevsf hisneolnpanions. if “\_

third.

“Might be '

“No,” replied Jack. wondering who the intruder: '
s were. ~

‘illow shall we entice him-outside 2' ﬁj

 
 

  

12 OUT FOR

“Leave that to me, Meiggs," said the first

\ speaker.

' At the mention of the man’s name Jack re-
alized at once that these were the three men
who had been concerned in the abduction of
Cassie Davenport. It was clear, from their words
and their presence on the farm, that the_y were
on some errand of mischief towards the boy
.who had spoiled their kidnapping scheme. Jack
squeezed Tom's arm, and that signal gave Harper
to understand that his friend seemed to recog-
nize the men. '

. “When we get him back to the house We'll put
him through a course of sprouts that will teach
him not to meddle again with matters that do
not concern him.” said the second speaker, evi-
dently Curley, savagely. “He disabled my shoul-
der for nearly a week with one of the rocks he
threw at Meiggs and me. and I’m goin’ to pay
him back for it gocTd and hard.”

“One of them stones cut my head, too,” put in"

Meiggs, “and I'm goin’ to have my innin’s. after
Curley gets through with him.” _

“Pshaw!” grated Mulbrook. impatiently, “what
are little things like that compared with the
important fact that he did us out of a cold $20.-
,_ , 000? Only for him we’d have got that money.
"” instead of which we’ve had to keep on the move
v ever since to avoid falling into the hands of the
police. That’s what we've got to pickle him
for, d’_\'e understand?” ‘

“Who’d ever thought that. little monkey would
have queered us the way he did?” growled
Meiggs. “You two put your foot in it by not
kavin’ him bound and gagged on the veranda
. of the Davenport house.”

.-‘ “I don’t know about that.” replied Mulbrook,
’ ~ harshly. “How could we tell how much or how
little he'd seen? He must have noticed the
shape and color of the auto we left drawn up
before the curb. He could not help, if he was
sharp-eyed. making some note of our general ap-
pearance. Those of themselves would have prov-
ed dangerous clues in the hands of detectives.

Oh, Curley and I know what we were about,
_ don’t you fret. The trouble came about. by you
~ not being more strict in guarding the boy."

, f; ' “We had him tied up hand and foot. I can't get
I "i it through my head -how he managed to free
' himself,” replied Meiggs.

“Whether you can get it through your_head or
not the fact remains that he did get free. and
then’ knocked our game in the head by his nerve
in going up to the room and setting the girl

“ w free. He's a smart rooster. and he needs to have
his comb cut to teach him a lesson he won’t soon
forget,” replied Mulbrook. savagely.

«. ' .“Well, -what’sthe use talkin’ about it all night,”
answered Meiggs, sulkily. “You’ve got the auto

"down the read. All that remains for us to do

is to ‘get him outside the house, grab him and

f carry him oil‘ to the house. When we’ve got

"  safe in the hills, where no one will interfere,

wecan serve him out to'the aueenjs taste.”

 

z is

  

 

  
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
 

that  Albert suit and mutton-chop side
 said Mulbrook. _
W ,vtho=rhouse and get him to come outside ‘with
 of other. We'll follow you and

    

<‘ 71

 

f .'Well. you're prettv well disguised, Carley, with.
“-You'd better go over-

‘P’-ll‘?-."Al?"?l*l’°?¥-“‘“‘ “'l‘°“ Y“ ’.‘¢“ '7'“

HIMSELF

whistle, grab him quick. then we’ll rush out and
complete the work in short order.”

Curley had no objection to playing the part
assigned to him, and so the three rascals walked
off toward the Trent farmhouse to put their
plant into practice. ‘

CHAI-’TER X.—'I‘rapping the Kidnappers.

“My gracious!” exclaimed Tom. when the ras-
cals had passed out of sight and hearing. “Those
are the three chaps who carried off Miss Daven-
port.

“Two of them carried her off. while the third.
a chap by the name of Meiggs. and a woman,
who called herself Mrs. Meiggs, were in the plot
to hold her a prisoner in the house among the
hills for ransom,” replied Jack. rising to his

eet.

“It's a good thing we happened to be out here
and heard them. They've got it in for you and
mean to get square with you if they can. It
would be a great thing if we could capture them.
now. There is a reward of $5,000 offered by Mr.
Davenport for their arrest and conviction.”

“We must go over to the house and see what
they're doing.” said Jack. “Curlev is going to
knock at the front door and ask for me. Mother
won’t suspect anything wrong. and will tell him
I’m down at the quarry with you." '

“Too bad you haven’t a telephone connéction

I with the town. then you could ring up the police '
station and let the department know the kidnap-

pers are hanging about the farm. trying to do
you up.” ‘

“I have no_ particular use for a telephone. It
would cost’ something to string a wire out here,
In this particular instance it would come in
handy, of course.”

They approached the house with great caution
and saw Mulbrook and Meiggs hide around the
front corner of th ebuilding, while Curley went
and knocked at the door. Mrs. Street answered
the summons. The boys were too far away to
hear what passed between her and Curley. but
they easily guessed its purport. Curley ﬁnally
turned away, and as the door closed was joined
by his associates. who held -a consultation. The
three presently started back for the quarry.

“They're doing just what I supposed they
would,” said Tom. “Now I’ve got an idea.” .

“What is it?”

“If there was any way by which you could
attract and hold their attention for half an hour
without actually putting yourself in their clutches.
I'd run down the road and look for their auto.
When I discovered it I'd start for the police sta-
tion at a hot pace and fetch the oﬂieers out here.
Then maybe we’d catch them.” ‘

“That’s allright. Suppose we do that?”

“I would like to know with some degree of cab ‘
tahrty that they are going out to that house‘
to—night. even if they don’t catch me, which, ,of
course. they won’t if I can help myself. The up-
lice néight kick if we took them on a wild-pogo .
erran .  ‘~’ - ’ ’ ’

_ _-we could no the ‘me rightup up   ‘

  

n

    

  

OUT FOR HIMSELF

had let them decide whether the cheme is a Rood
one. That would let us out if it raved a failure.”
‘Well, that’s true enough. I'd Dl'efe1'- though»
if we could manage to capture them ourselves.
Then we’d get all the honor _as well as the whole
of the reward. You see. $5.000 18 Wﬂth °°“‘
aidering." , . .
“There's no use standing here doing nothing.
Those fellows are at the quarry by _th1s time.
looking around for us. If_we'r_e going to do
something we've got to do it quick, said Tom.
They walked slowly toward the quarry. keep-
ing their eyes wide open for a sight of _the ras-
.cals, and trying to think up some feasible plan
that would result in their capture. .
the side opposite the shed in the shadow of a line
;, of shrubbery. _ _
;_ F‘ Ily they made out the k_idnappers standing
' nt the. tap of the quart-y,V’talking together. Sud-
denly. as they started to leave the SD0t._tW0 Of
them disappeared downward, with loud cries.
“ “They've fallen into the quarry. whispered
Jack ‘in great excitement. “They Stood W0 1193'
~‘v‘ 'the edge and the ground gave way under them
/  themen made the last blast late this after-
‘ . noon." .
As they drew near the edge of the quarry. near
where the two rascals had gone down. they he_81‘d
anings rising from the depths of the pit.
ortunately for the villains the quarry was not
yet very deep, but it was full of jagged rock.
and it was quite possible that they might have
hurt themselves severely on the debris. .
‘I believe my leg is broken," they heard Meiggs

 

 
  
   

 

‘l. ,A “And my arm is twisted out of shape.” howled
‘ cw] ‘ ,,dismally. , _
-3  ‘ ’ ‘Where are you?’ asked Mulbrook. coming to
'4 their assistance. _,
-.: “Here we are. and pretty badly bunzed up. 1300.
441131;; me out, will you, Mulford?" whmed
ueiggs, “If my leg isn't broken it's ‘next door
I
 is most unfortunate." said Mulbrook,
clearing the rock away from where his compan-
ions reclined. half imbedded in the earth and

stone. . W ,
, ‘ ‘I should say it was—for us, replied Curley.
 ; “Blast the luck!” _ _ . - _ "
. “Those chaps got it in the neck for fair,
' , whispered Tom to Jacs.
, ‘ - aMulbrook assisted Curley out first and then
’ gave his attention to Meiggs. who appeared to
 ‘be the worst off of the two. He groaned and
W swore alternately as Mulbrook lifted him out of
the debris. ' _
‘,j_“I' can't walk,” he said. “If my leg isn't broken
it’: badly sprained." _
_ Mulbrook helped him over to the shed. where
' he sat down on a blockof stone.
“‘ “We ought to be a match for _those fellows
now." said Tom. _ . l - I
. “Not if they're armedfas they're likely to be."
i lied J k. - _
:.?‘Gdt' 3:1; rope around here?" asked Tom.
‘ ‘Sure. What do vou want with it?” . _
‘I thought we might make a couple of slip
“nooses, erawlup toward Mulbivook and the chap
who ian’t’so badly injured, throw them over their
 make them prisoners before tlwv knew
‘  to-than-r" - ~ _ .

      
   
   
   
 
   

5

     

They kept on’

13

“Your head is chock full of ideas. isn't it? 
Do you really think it would work 3“ V
_ “I think it would if we were quick enough about
it, and caught them by surprise.”

“The rope‘happens to be in the shed, and is
hardly suitable for your plan.” replied Jack.‘

“That knocks my scheme on the head." said_

Tom, disappointedly. -

“We could run up to the house and get a couple
of pieces of clothes line.” suggested Jack. “Also
two pieces of iron pipe that we could use for
clubs in case of necessity." '

“All right. I'm with you."

Accordingly, they hurried to the house. got the
clothes lines, made running nooses in the end of
each, and then. armed with the iron pipes, re-
turned to the vicinity of the shed. As well as
they could make out in the gloom. Mulbrook ap-
peared to be examining Meiggs’s injured leg,

while Curley, with his sleeve rolled up. was rub-_

bing his arm.

“Your leg isn't broken," they heard Mulbrook
say. “It is probably sprained. We'll have to give
up our_project for a day or two ‘until you get on
your pins once more.” ‘

“That boy is a hoodoo for us." growled Curley.

“We'll hoodoo him when we catch him." retorted
Mulbrook, ominously. -

“Got your noose in working order?" asked
Tom. .

“Yes,” answered Jack.

“Now is our chance to creep up on them. They
are off their guard."

The nervy boys crept forward until close behind
the men.

“Now let them have it,” whispered Tom. darting
at Curley and throwing the noose over his head.

It dropped around the astonished rascal’s arms,
and then Tom pulled it tight and began to drag
him_away from the group. Jack succeeded in
treating Mulbrook in the same way. and pulled
him oil’ his feet. The two kidnappers made a ter-
rible racket on ﬁnding themsleves quite helpless.
They struggled to release themselves. but the
nooses held tight.

With a little dexterity the boys wound the line
around their vic1:ims’.arms half a dozen times and
tied it. They cut oﬁ the remainder and used it
to secure the men’s feet. When they went back
for Meiggs they found he had disappeared. They
hunted around and found him hiding under the
bushes. A groan or two he couldn’t suppress
betrayed the spot to them. "

He roared when they laid hold of him. but he

could do nothing to save himself. ey used a
bit of heavy rope from the shed to tie him.

“You watch them while I go and hunt up that

auto of theirs." said Jack. _ ,
_“All right." Itplied Tom. picking up one of the
pieces of iron pipe and mounting guard over the
discomﬁted scoundrels.
Jack found the auto a little way up the road,
and ran it up in front of the farm gate. —He then
returned to Tom. They consulted as to the best

way of moving the kidnappers to the road, which

was at the other end of the ten-acre farm.

It was decided not to carry one all the way and A

then return for another. lest the rascals left be- ” '

hind might manage to free themsel
were, away.

ves while they

 - = ,e ,g" ,...‘.
. . .

   

1

They worked it b moving 3 . 
a hundred feet. then a. second :’the same 

 
  

 

   
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
  
  

wand -fgially the third. ; Repeating this method
' , and ‘over again they got them to the road.
fter that it was easy to lift’ them into the
auto, placing two between -the seats and the other
in.the space before the front seat. The boys got
in themselves, Jack acting as chauﬁeur. and away
’. they started for the police station in town.

 

 CHAPTER XI.——The Escaped Convicts." .

“ A crowd gathered around the red auto when
‘ Jack brought it to a stop before the police sta-

charge that he and a companion had captured
' the kidnappers of Miss Davenport, and had them
bound in their own machine at the door. Two
- policemen were sent to bring the rascals into the
I station. — i . ‘
After a brief examination at the desk they were
‘locked up for the night. Of course the story of
the capture was, in the next morning’s paper.,and
everybody in_town was soon talking about the
’ brilliant exploit ‘engineered by Jack Street -and
 friend, Tom Harper. Jack and Cassie were
the witnesses at the examination in the after-
’ , and in their testimony the rascals were
held for trial. Mr. Davenport considered that
 boys had fairly earned the reward, and he
handed each of them his cheek for‘$°.500.
gf‘l’rn rich at last."’almost shoute Tom. when
  Jack cashed the ‘checks at the paying-
,telIe"r's window of the bank. _
‘*"Ynu’re pretty well off for-_a boy,” admitted
Jack. “What are you going to do with your
$2.500”

,'.;___"’I, don't know what I'll do with it,’ except to
it in~tb,e savings bank." _ ‘
-~‘~"l‘hat’,s the best place for it. That's where
some of mine goes for the present, after I pay Mr.
Itavenport the“$1,000 he loaned me to start work
1 3‘? We Wm’!-” . .

" Three weeks later the kidnappers were tried,
.aoavicted——and sent to the penitentiary for ten

  

  

  

  

  
  

ears each. n .  . , .
“"l’h’at’ll keep them out of,‘ mischief for a good
_ “to come,” Jack remarked to his mother and
ilhr whenthe got home after the trial.
 next nine months were busy ones ilor the
Elves. nlie hada big gang of men at work at the
Qﬂjy. for he secured many contracts beside the
“ f .. "dado to supply stone !or_ buildings. A:
A end ofxlze nine-months the railroad was com-
‘  and irroperatioq, It gave a boom to Brent-
,   Several new factories were es-
 within the town limits, and otherswere
rjobelhlxiltthere. , ’

   

 rexularly once a. eck_ on Cassie.
. .uo:_9ther'youn_g man of her _‘ tance had
’ 3 show in her W1 our

 
  

Om morning Tom Harper rushed over to

en5.;a_q.;_-racer." he asked. in some
 gruxqpigredlihislehunik  ‘

,s‘hQ WI

 

OUT"-FOR. HIMSELF

"No. They had trouble inthe State Denitulr
tiary yesterday and three prisoners escaped.‘ _j
“You don't say. How did it occur 7" V

“You’d better read it for yourself.” said Tom,
handing him the paper and pointing out the story.

-' tion. ~ He then ran inside and told the oﬁicer in .

employ, a heavily bearded man. clad in 

 the niorninz DEW? 511 1155*"

'.V»9ll9'Va5  "V '

   
 
 
       
       
     
        
      
         
     
 

Jack read it. . —
“Gee whiz!” he exclaimed. “Mulbrook, Carley
and Meiggs are the chaps who got away."
“That’s what the paper says.”
_".I’m sorry those were the ones who escaped.’
“So am I, for they've got it in for both of us.’
“They won’t dare come to this locality. It
would be too risky for them.”
“You can't tell what such chaps might do.’.'
“That’s ‘quite true, but I- don't think they'll ,
take the chances of recognition in this locality.-"_, U
"They could disguise themselves, couldn't
they ?” ~
“Yes, they could do that. I suppose.”
“Well, I think we'd better keep our eyes peeled /’
for possible trouble. Forewarned is forea.rmod." ’
. Jack agreed that it was -well fdr them both. I
to keep on their ‘guard. It. was about this time
that Tom's boss was employed by-the Govern.-_ ~
mentto take part in an extensive surveying ex-' l
pedition in the far west. and Tom was told that’
he would have to look out for another situation. .
"So_you’re out of 3 job. eh?” said Jack. when ‘
his friend came over to the farm and told him."
the news. , ,- ‘ . -—
“I will be at the end of this week." replied Tom.-
gloomily.
“Well, you’ve got $2,500 in bank. so you're n_ot
so badly off.” _ ‘”
“That’s all right, but I don’t want to be out’
of work just the same.” ~
“How would you like to work for me. 'l‘om?."'Z
‘;l;xrst-rate. Can you give me something to‘ 

“Yes, I can make you timekeeper and general '
clerk at the quarry." '

"That will suit me all right.”

“Your wages will be.$9 a week."

“That’s satisfactory. It's two dollars
than I’ve been getting.” ‘
':'l,'hen you can come to work on‘Monday\lnorn~.-

g.
“I'll be on hand. betlyour life!” - 1
So Tom went to work fan Jack Street. and;

thenceforth the boys saw more of each other ~
than they formerly did. Tom was notarboy to
take any advantage of his chu1_n"s friendship. but
worked as faithfully for him as he would hay;
done for a perfect stranger. ' i

  
       
          
   
 
     
  

do

in

  
       
      
  

   
  

_ One morning abo
a week or ten days after Tom entered Jacki"

      
  

       
       
   
       

garments. applied to the foreman or the quarry,
for a Job. It happened a man ‘had left t.ho.day,*
before, and_the foreman took the stranzcr on;
Jack noticed the new man, and once. or 
it occurred to him that he had seen this 
before, but still he could not place him. nor 
he try very hard to do so. as he had no intuisv
in the identity of his ouarryrnen. for he w V
brought ~into -direct’ communication with", ‘ I
. The new 'man. who went down‘ in the _ ”
as Luke VBrnidley,"‘3:orkcd_.ateadily all 
wwlwlq vattaxtiou aseemed-into» be a 

  

    
 

 
  
  
 
     

  

 Tom were around‘the uuarrY- when the
foreman sent a couple of hands for sticks of
dynamite to load a blast. he mandated to slm
iway and find out where the explosive was stored.
‘ .‘ ~ No one, however. appeared to notice anythma
" mlspicious about his actions. and when the Rang
«  knocked on! for the day. he put on his 80“ End
3 mﬁetly departed. He went down the road a short
 to a shanty that had not been occupied
‘for any purpose for a‘ long time. and_ marchimt
» up to the closed door he gave a pecuhar rap on
 wood, «Ina few minutes the door was opened
- w is admitted. , '
"i-'i~y.}.',°en§ehee was then Bolted. a wooden b_ar put
‘ across it, and the person who had let. him in fol-
lowed him into the room to the right of the
'  entry. There was a small. flat stove .111
 corner of the room with a tire in it. and
if another man was super-intending the preparation
'-of a meal. The plain deal table that stood _1n
themiddie of the apartment was covered with
‘a newspaper in lieu of a tablecloth. and on it
_ﬁe]'g spread three plates, with a cup and saucer.
and a knife. a fork and spoon beside each.
; A paper bag full of sugar stood in the center
of the table. and there was a small. cracked Jug
containing milk beside it. The other two men
were beards somewhat similar to Bradley's though
quite as ‘thick nor as black. A close observer
. might have had his suspicions aroused as to the
. fenuineness of these hairy avpendazes. 1'01’ tl'|9Y
‘-' did not appear as natural as they ought t0-
"? ‘That they actually were false was soon demon-
mm when the meal was put on the table. for
 each man deftly removed his heard in order
are eat with more freedom. and then it appeared
" that the man who had given his name as Bradley
uieiquarry was none other than J m Mulbrook.
; his companions were Dave Curley and Wil-
Meiggs--escaped‘ convicts all.

   
 
  
    
 
   
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
  
  
 

  

  
  
  

   
  
 

 
 

 

V(.,°HAlPTER xn.——'rwo Diabolical Schemes. ’
f‘When Tom Harper took down the name of the

 ’ ,; wan t th any that morning. something
“rhea hilin aigailrllstithe. fellow. Just why his
musicians’ were aroused he could not say. T_wo

three times he was on the point Of C8111“!-’-'
nob’: ittention to the new employee. but as he
' not give any real ‘reason for hisxfeelmits
 subjegt he was ashamed to brink the

nu es: he felt uncle? all the aftemoono
took oecuiovnto go into the quarry a number
ﬁg“ and look at Bradley‘ in a careless wav.
’ * ﬂy. named -to be working as indus-
thr-reetrof the gang. and Tom retired
gin; 0:-,:¢ilz1§i any further light on the
" I both in. - .
 anything the .mtW with tho {Ol-
Iggimuttered to himself. after looking in at
 for then. dmmié isn’t‘ exactl what

‘  my where he came from ’ The

 
 
  

  

  

  
 
  
  
   
    

i

 

V W. OUT FOR HIMSELF

‘fYet I ean'..t Ret~

'Street.,iatheI’cttIal

\-
15

When the men knocked off at half-past ﬁve.
Tom was standing at the door of the little oﬁce.
close to the quarry. as Bradley went by on his
way to the road. Something about the man's
walk and manner aroused Tom’s suspicions anew.

“By Jingo!" muttered the boy. “I can't stand
this. I'm going to find out something for myself
about that chap before I go to supper.
see where he’s stopping in the neighborhood. to
begin with.” - ‘

Tom got his hat and coat. locked up the office.
and started after the new man.

“It won't do to let him know that he is being _

followed. I'll get behind the. hedge.” ‘
When Bradley reached the road he looked
around in a way that struck the boy as sus-
picious and then passed along up the highway.
The hedge that bordered the road was quite thick.

and Tom had no difficulty in keeping out of sight.‘

Finally he saw Bradley enter the yard of the
shanty that Tom knew to be unoccupied by a
regular tenant. -~
“What the dickens does he want there?” the la(
asked himself. “Why. he’s knocking at the door.
There must be somebody in the shanty at that
rate. There he‘koes in. This looks mighty funny
to me. There's smoke coming out of the chim-
ney. Maybe the man has a wife and family and
moved in this morning. and that he's all right
after all. I'll make sure. It's almost dark. I
can slip up to the back window and look in.”
Tom hastened forward. and as he reached the
fence on that side of the shanty he saw a wagon

in theback vard. He also heard the stamp of  Ii

a horse's hoofs in a shed close by. The rear win-
dow was boarded up at the bottom where two
panes of glass were missing. A light shone
through the chinks and above the top board.

Tom gotyover the tumble-down fence and -glided
across the ‘yard to the window. He found a knot-
hole that gave him a good view of the interior

of the room. The sight he saw inside fairly . 

staggered him. There were the three kidnappers
that he and Jack had helped send to the peniten-
tiary seated at a table in the middle of the room.
eating their supper just as if they were honest
ciigizens of the county and not three escaped con-‘
v ts.

the boy. “That man, Bradley is Jim Mulbrook
for a_fact. He went to~work at the quarry for
some purpose. that's evident. and whatever ‘his
object is it doesn't mean any good to Jack and

me. That beard he wore as a disguise is lying.
.on the table beside him. And ' 
beards, too. which they’ve laid aside while they‘:

are eating. It was a providential thing I followed: '-
I should neier have. ‘

the others. have

     

that fellow down here. or
made this start d I must hear it
they are talking It may ‘we me a line
on the game they are up to.‘ .  '
He «put his ear to the knot-hole and listened‘
tively to the conversation gains’ on within.-.*
" ell. Mulbrook.’
did you ﬁnd’ out to-dl
»“I ‘found out that

 
   

  
 
  

ovmerofthegrauiteonarry

   

on the'l'rent farln.’

“H “eh?”-exclamed'. 
M’?-'wa.....  p

     
 

   

A

‘Well. the
idlaedhki. ....z

I'll just ' A ‘

“Well. if that doesn't beat the Dutch!" gasped"

Curler was aayine. 
v.   4?
that woman: monkey. ~

 

 

 

 

      
  
 
    
  

 
 
      
   
    
    
 
      
 
 

4
,.

  
         
   
     
    
  
   
   

   
 
 

.W.‘.‘’;_

5*‘?
‘S.

   
  
  
 

_ 7 our rros
» t - "That other cub, Tom Harper. who helped him
~  do us up that night you two fell into the Quarry,
’ [55 ‘ttimekeener and general clerk there. too.”

p“He_ is. eh; So much the better. Are you sure
. neither of them recognized you?”

7' T “gnite sure of it.”
II !H

‘ ,“I discovered the little hut where the dynamite

is stored. They have a watchman at night now.

He is /only a boy, and we’ll have no diﬁiculty get-
’ ting away with him." ,.
Curley nodded in a satisﬁed way.
. ..“What’s your plan for getting square with

tliose cubs?” he asked. X
‘fMy eme is this: Those two boys come to
" the little office near the quarry nearly every eve-
ping to,work on the books and attend to other
‘details of the business. which is booming just
now. » Although Street is the sole boss. the other
clutp pulls right in with him as if he was an equal
pa ner. The three of us must go there to-night
, first of all’ capture that young cub who acts
as watchman. As soon as we have put him out
‘ , of lfI§!'l1!’S way we'll go into the oﬁlce and surprise
- Street and Harper. They haven't the least sus-
picion we're in this vicinity. In‘”‘fact. I doubt if
they have heard that we escaped from the jug up
ﬂing State. Vvc’ll bind, gag and carry mom to the
hut where the 'dynami‘te"is stored. After tying
them so they can't'escape,-we’Il,lay a slow match

-for some little distance from the hut and light
‘ ti); and of it. We’ll time the fuse so as to give
one .-time enough to get about half a inile away
grown‘ the Spot before the dynamite settles our
neore _with them. How does that strike you. eh?”
This villainous scheme was proposed with a
callonsness that showed what v a consummate
Escoundrel Jim Mvulbroolc was, and Tom, outside
the Window. fairly shivered at the ﬁendishness of
~ the plot. Gurley and Meiggs immediately ex«

‘pressed their approval of’ the contemplated crime.
I\h_ey’IIa.ted the two boys as bitterly as Mulbrook
y and-to their fancy no fate was too horrible»
‘gvhandvout to the plucky lads who had captured
‘ " and assisted ‘in their conviction and incar-
ceration fora ‘long term in the penitentiary. from
‘which they had just escaped through one of those
a ’ liar circumstances that. occasionally crop fun

3 prisons. . _ .
_.‘{Wp’re‘wi>th you, lv_Iulb!.'ook,”v said Curley. “It
kﬂlfhc some satisfaction to gloat over them when
@133: that their minutes on this earth “are

     
  

   

  
 
  
  

 “I .ain’t forgotten how .Street
 about that night on my twisted leg.”
dghen wﬂrevallv-of~ one mind. are we‘.”’ asked

  

ye. aye," freplied  associates unanimously.

A that we've posed of that matter let

K v ’ - me we have in view."
$13 ,

_ ‘ ' drawing a pipe from his
1&1 Nfith  and lighting it from
~ «tbe>.caadle5. 1

  

  
 

V 'l__mot-h e and get on the other side
.7"You betjour life?’ nodded Mains; with 3 ,

  
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 

HIMSELF
“Well,” continued Mulbrook, “the.best place to V .
do the trick is close to the cut, about two miles 
south of Parsons’ farm. It's a lonesome spot. , ‘
with not ‘a house in sight. If the locomotive ,__'
was to leave the track there it would dump the. ‘y,
train, or the front part of it at least if a coupling ’
broke, down into the valley sixty feet below. The
cars would be smashed into kindling wood and
the engine would go to,the junk pile.” .
“I guess that's right,” nodded Curley. blowin
a cloud of smoke from his lips. . ‘
“The train due at Brentwood at 11.10 even! ;.
night carries a couple of strong boxes ﬁlled was 2
money and coin sent through from Bridgewatet
to they Brentwood National Bank and the Trust
Company. Those boxes We want to get hold of.’ ,
I “Bet your life we do.” interjected Meiggs. , ’
“After we’ve disposed of the young jiggersat,
the quarry we’l1 drive down to the cut in our ~’
team, draw the spikes out of the fish—plates that. _ E
hold down a couple of the rails, leavingkhe rails ' ‘
in ‘thcir place so the engineer won’t notice that
there is anything the matter with the track, "
We’ve got the tools to do it with in the wagon.
When the‘ engine strikes the loosened rails they'll
spread at once, the locomotive will jump the'-.”
track, and the train will sail over into the valley."
“Correct.” agreed Meiggs. , . 3
“We’ll be on hand at a convenient spot in the
valley. ready to drive up in the wagon when tile‘
crash comes. We'll make a dash for the reznains V
of the baggage car, yank out the strong boxes 5
and load them on to the team, for they’re.not
too heavy to be easily handled. Then we’ll come’ ,
baclrhere as fast as we can. break open the ‘boxes, oi
divide the swag‘ and light out for St. Louis or
some other point west.” .. _
Mulbrook paused and looked at his associates. ‘
“That scheme is all right," said Curie)’. "Yin ..
withxyou in it.” , . l r '
“And you can count on me", too,” put in Ideiggg,
“Then there's nothing more to be said on 
subject.” remarked Mulbrook, knocking the ashes
from his Dine and ‘returning it to his 
“Now, let's get ready for our night's work- You
hitch up the, team. Meiggs. When you've done
that and fetched it around to the‘ road in fiioat
just let us, know and we’ll be ready tovstart for
the quarry.” ' ’ ' . . ;'.=:”
The three men arose from‘ the table. which was
a signal or Tom Harper to take his ear from the
. . of the team
as fast as his legs could carry him.  , 
“Well. tslk about desperate scound 3
breathed the boy as he hurried along toward 
Trent farm to communicate the startlir:g~nesn"
to Jack, “I guess those three chaps take 
So they mean to blow Jack and me up witlrdynqp
mite. to-night, do they? I'm thinking‘ theylﬂ
meet witha s prise of their lives in 
carry off that * 'ttle  How lucky it i
that my suspicions were aroused about that
Bradley. And to think he was so well '
that neither Jack nor I wear able to .
lnsreal identity. Those‘ ~
taking a humanlitc. ' 

   
   
     
     
     
    
     
    
 

           
     
     
        
  
     
    

  
     
     
     
  

    
    
  
   

  
    
   
 
      
   

  
 
   
     

  
  
  

    
  
   

  

    
    
 
 
   

OUT FOR

who was taking a short cut across the ﬁelds.
__ didn’t notice in the.-darkness a deep sully that
lay in his path until he suddenly pitched forward
 ‘intotheholc. He struck his headagainstahard
3 root, rolled over and lay unconscious.

 

CHAPTER XllI.—In the Dynainiteyl-Iut.

At half-past seven Jack left the house _for
the little office near the quarry. He had W81?“
; half an hour for Tom to call and accompany him,
 but when his chum failed to show up he went
tothe oﬂice alone.‘ It was a cloudy night and
consequently a dark one. A cool breeze swept
. through the branches of the _ trees. and they
;.a ‘nodded at him in the gloom as if they recognized

' ' his importance as the smartest boy in the county.

_As he approached the oﬂice door he looked around
,for the bright rays of the lantern which always

hung after dark at the entrance to the Quarry.
, Jack was greatly surprised to ﬁnd it absent

oi. this occasion. The ﬁrst thing that Harry Bas-
aett, the sixteen-year-old. lad who ﬁlled the post
of night watchman, did when he came on duty
"3 every evening was to light thatlantern and hang
’ ~ ‘it in its accustomed place. He had never been
 -known to fail in this before. The circumstance

 I was all the stranger from the fact that before
 A Jack went to supper he visited _the quarry and
'f . law Bassett lighting the lamp in the shed_.

So instead of entering the oﬂice Jack continued
on to the quarry to see if he could ﬁnd out why
‘. the lantern was not in its place. The Quarry
{wasas dark and silent as the grave. There tgas
’-no sign of Harry Bassett anywhere-. Jack en
 Invent on _to the hut where the dynamite was
 stored, thinking the watchermight be going his
‘ ‘round in that neighborhood. As he walked that
way three shadows dogged his steps in the gloom.
' . gtéglthﬂy closing in on him, until they were close
behind him when he reached the hut. Harry:
Bassett was nowhere in sight here either.

“It's strange-where he can be." mused Jack.
“This isn’t like Harry at all. The absence of
' that lantern is the funniest part Of it He 1185
 orders to keep it burning at the entrance
 ‘the quarry from dusk to dawn. Now it not

«xiy not hanging in its place, but Harry himself
fis inissiiitr. too. What can it mae_n?” ~

5As he turned about to reti-ace_his steps. he was
-seized behind by a powerful grip and_ a leathery
lIand,closed upon his mouth. A pair of hands
- edged his legs and he was thrown roughly upon
ground with a force suﬂicient to 5ar,his whole

I . Then from out the darkness loomed a third
iidow which proceeded to bind the struggling
5 handand foot. and finally to rat: him.

-73‘ He was y ked around behind the hut and the
“’ tern whic belonged at the quarry entrance
“was produced from under the folds of a/coat
 had eﬂectually hidden ‘its fight until this
 It was ﬂashed iirJack’s'face. but at the

2,‘.

   
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
   
     
 
 

imied faces gathered close around him. - '
. ‘ in a tone’ of malignant satisfaction.
-  'ouwon’ttrip_u8 up like you didytwice
 ,1‘lIi's thaeit is our innings. We‘Ve I
ﬁwotoaatthwith y_ou.y_ounIr.l‘II0n-I3¢°"°
only your death willwlpe out. 1033 300
upthttvlfhladawned noon rouatlast
. . . , . . u

ahead of us. and the train won't wait for us.

egg time‘ it revealed to the prisoner three-
we’ve,got you at last.” Sllid Jim‘

HIMSELF '1'?
who we are. For fear you might entertain any
doubt on the subject I will tell you that my‘ name
is Jim Mulbrook and that these are my D818.
Dave Curley and Bill Meiggs. You thought you

were rid of us for a matter of ten years or so. 7

didn't you? You thought that once the doors of
the penitentiary had closed upon us we were dead
to the world until we had served our time. Well.
you see you were mistaken. Onlv nine months
have passed and we are back again at our old
stamping ground—back again to repay you and
your friend Harper the debt we owe you. How
do you like the prospect that's before you. eh?
Perhaps you're thinking that kid watchman of
yours will discover how things are and give the
alarm? Don’t you believe it. We made it our
business to catch him ﬁrst of all. He's lying
bound and gagged behind the shed. and he knows
if he turns over he'll fall into the creek. We’ve
got you where the hair is short. and we’re only
waiting for that cub Harper to turn up to hand
you both out your quietus."
_ “Your name is mud this time. all right,”
jeered Curley. thrusting his ugly mug closer to
the helpless boy. “I ain’t forgotten how you
lamed my shoulder that night you ﬁred the rocks
at me and Meiggs.”

“Nor I ain’t forgotten the two punches you

gave me in the dorway of the house when you ~

cut your lucky with the girl: nor the cut in the
head I got from one of them stones; nor the
rough handling you and Harper gave me after
I sprained‘ my leg in the quarry. I ain't forgot
nothin’.” and the speaker. William Meiggp,
grinned malevolently in Jack's face.

That’ll do," said Mulbrook. impatiently. “You've
said enough to him for the present. Go back
and watch near’ the ‘oﬂice for the other chap. He
ought to be along by this time. Maybe you'll
ﬁnd him inside at his desk. When you get him
hustle him out here. We ca.n’t waste any time
over this job. for we've got the railroad matter
It
will take us a little time to doctor the rails and
get back into the valley. I'll stay here and a'atc’i
this kid. If Harper doesn't turn up in ﬁfteei
minutes, as near as you can guess. we'll have
to let him go and make this chap pay the grudg 2
we owe both.”

So Curley and Meimts departed on their er-
rand, and Jim Mulbrook. ﬁghting his pipe. sat
down beside his prisoner and smoked in silence.
As for Jack he was fairly staggered by the situ-
ation in which so unexpectedly found himself.
While he knew t at these men had escaped in
prison, he did not dream they would dare a
back to the scene of their kidnappinsrexploit.
They had come, however. and he was in their
hands. ‘ .

What they were going to do with him he could
not guess; but he was afraid their intentions
were pretty serious. The minutes went by slowly
as- he lay helpless on the ground. while Mulbrook
smoked his pipe and looked out over the dark

landscape. At length Curley and Heiggs returned

without Tom Harper.

i

“I guess he isn't goin’ to turn out to-night." 
..

said Curley. “We waited a itood ﬁfteen intuit
and didn't see no sign of him.”
‘All rig

* \

_ ht,T' answered Mulbrook, putting I) h « "l 
pipe. “,He’a tr lucky boy. He'll neyer how wit

  

     
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
      

OUT FOR

We can't wait for

18
he missed by staying away.
him any longer.” ,

He walked around to the front of the hut, took

» a steel jimmy from his pocket and broke the lock

on the door. Pushing it open he called for the
lantern. Curley brought it to him.

“Don't follow me in, but hold it up so I can
see what I'm doing." '

. He entered the hut and hunted around till he
found a pile of fuse. He unrolled a long piece
of the stuff, attached one end of it to the short
fuse ‘of a dynamite cartridge which he laid care-
fully on the ground. and then came out of the
but and walked away to a distance with the other
end of the fuse.

“Now fetch the kid around and tie him to that

- box of dynamite in the but." he saidwhen he
» came back. ‘

Meiggs and Curley picked Jack up and bore him
into the small, structure.

‘Young man.” said Mulbrook. after his com-
panions had carried out his directions. “I s’pose
%ou know where you are—in the dynamite hut.

o you see «that cartridge attached to that fuse?
Of course you do. I'm going to place that right

-among the rest of the dynamite in that box.

1- we leave the hut one of us selected by lot
is going to lighththe other end of that fuse. It
will take fifteen to twenty minutes to burn its
way into this place. You’ll have that long to
live. and then there won't be enough of you left
to make a decent funeral. This is our revenge.
How do you like it. eh’? Think it over while the
tune is eating its way toward you an——say your

’ prayers. Come, pals. we've wasted all the time
we can afford on this job. The dynamite must
do the rest. Good night, you confounded young
cab,» and a rapid journeyfor you into the next
world.” ,

Curley and Meiggs, laughed derisively. then

i the door was slammed shut, a rock rolled against
it. and Jack Street was left face to face with a
horrible fate.

-s

 

5

"CHAPTER xivf—savea from a Terrible Fate.

_’\¥ .— How long Tom Harper lay unconscious in the
“narrow gully into which his reckless feet had
‘i {lunged him the boy never knew. He «came to
' imself after a while and his first impression
W was that of
 litﬂation. He picked himself up as soon as he
 eouldﬁind crawled -out of the hole. _
o By the time his feet .touched the level ground
,« above he remembered that ii had stumbled into
the gully in his hurry to reach Jack and tell
- him what he had seen and heard in the deserted
wﬂaaty up the road. _
 snore haste they say is the worst speed."
rniittered. as he continued on his way much
 ‘y y than before. for the gloom of the
* t ._and A severe pain inhis head from the
v  [_’vhe?hm|..i-eeeived on his skull. bothered him
 " ‘fl’ hope I didn't lie low! in that gully.
 in » Jacket our dﬂlllﬂr and helphim
’ L.»  e to capture-those rascals off
agwe   lwonder w

is’  13,

Wonder at ﬁnding himself in such a

  

 

HIMSELF" " A

_Jessie answered his impatient knock on the
kitchen door.

“Is Jack in?" he inquired.

“Why no. He waited until half-past seven for,
you and then went to the oﬂlce. vYou'll find him
there. Why, what's the matter with you, Tom? ~
You've got a cut on your forehead. and there's 1:‘
blood on your ear. Then your clothes look as if 
you'd been rolling in the dirt‘. Have you met with
an accident?” ‘

“I fell into a gully on the other side of your 
boundary fence. It don't amount -to anything.’ ;
_“Come in and letvme brush you off and put a

piece of courtplaster on your forehead.’ said
Jessie. -
“Can’t wait for that now. What time is it?”
“It's nearly half-past eight." .» ' ' _
_ “Half-past eight!” gasped Tom. “Good gra-
cious!" _
I Without another word he turned around and .
started for the oﬂlce as -fast as he could run. while —
Jessie looked after him not a little astonished.

“There - isn’t any light in the oﬁlce;" he
breathed, when he came in sight of the window —
of the little frame building. “I guess Jack didn't ’
fame here after all. Or if he‘ did, he didn't stay

ong."

He,kept on. however. and when he reached the
oﬂice he tried the door. It was locked as he 
expected. .

“W_hy, _wl_iere’s the quarry lantern? It isn't
hanging in 1l'.S_‘ place. That's funny. Everything
is dark_ and silent as a graveyard down here. I
don't like the looks of this. Those rascals must
have been here. Maybe they're skulking around
here now.” .  ‘

The very idea of meeting the scoundrelswin .— ..
that lonesome spot in the dark made him shiver. 

“Where can Harry Bassett be‘! There’s some-
thing wrong as sure as I'm alive. Half-past dght '
o’clock. My goodness! I must have been nearly
two hours and a half in that gully, for it wasn'tx -
more than six o'clock when I was listening to ‘.
those men under the shanty window. That would 
give them_ loads of time to come here and cap- 9‘
ture both Jack and Bassett. Maybe they did 
that and are now looking for me. I must be ‘
cautious. I'll sneak around the back of the shed
toward the dynamite hut and see if they’:-_‘e‘hang- "
ing around in‘ that neighborhood." ' . A ‘

He followed out this plan. and was part of the l‘
way round when he almost tripped o'ver'§oihe'—" 
thing soft lying in his path. His heart gave‘;
great bound, for he thought at first he had stun»
bled upon one of the rascals hiding there. a.nd~hgTr
expected the fellow to jump up and make a grab
at him. Nothing of the kind hsppened..but'la,—
stead he heard a muffled groan. ’ _«"*i~

and

 

  
  
  
 
 
      
    
      
       
           
   
     

  

g..“1;‘¥.‘.:“.'§?.:“i.’i..-.§‘:e. rd»  aw-=  
Hi: I) (1 into tact 'th '
“ominsci?ii'°who 3: may 'Ja£h'{""‘.i.....¢"“‘
and gagged‘! I hardly think so.”

  

    
 

  

our FOR

j_ seoundrels have been here. I 869- Seen
anything of Jack. Harry '."’ ‘
. ‘No; He hadn’t come when those
‘an me and put me out her-e.'”~
..«»“Come; we must look Jack up. They may 113?}?
caught him. You’ve got your-revolver. hiweﬂt
you? Or did they take it from you?” .

‘ “£(o', I've got_it. They didn’t bother searching
me“.'l’ha§’s good. Get it unit. if we meet those
viIlains"don’t;_ hesitate to,.ﬁre atthem; .If youre
afraid to do It let me have vour gun. _

“I'm not afraid to shoot, for they have no busi-\
mess around here.” _

“Follow me, then, and keep your eyes skinned
f dan . s ‘ '

»orTheym:ir1erged from around the other e_nd_
_. of the shed and advanced toward the dynamite
shed with great caution. _No one seemed to be
in sight,~bu_t they were taking no chances. Gradu-
ally they circled around the shed where the ter-
_1-ible explosive was stored. Finally they Came
' out in front of it. . _ ' _
y .. “What's that?” exclaimed Tom. gazing in oven-

eyed»'wonder at a bright spot on the ground
near the door of the shed. thatwas ﬁvlttlnﬂ 0"‘
" ﬁy sparks as it crawled :long,t1nt§’l}_e darkness-
Fé; Looks like a glowworm. 09811 1 -

.’-V“‘i

mien iumved

   
 
 
   
 

The astonished lads gazed at it for _a few min-
_ hates, then Tom walked up close to it so as to
“examine it better. _ _ ”

_ “I never saw anything like that before. he
,; said, putting ﬁis foot in front of it. _

:‘ He stepped on something that felt like a soft
cord. Stooping down his fingers ¢_3me In C01"-act
with the substance. He picked it up and the
i ' ' ‘ t an-ie 'th ‘t.

—’5”3€,';g°i’if§ve;:” i.‘.§".}';1..i. I “This is a lighted
fuse, and mgking straight for the door of the

ﬂied-”’

-50,, a I hi frehead,so
gg‘ Thu)“-1° veﬁfénhe. l)I(i.:,e ﬁr?:er:n~rel:.xezi and the
 fuse dropped to the ground.‘ Harry Bassett
jumped on the sputtering light and began to
squeeze it out with his feet. While he was thus
engaged Tom recovered his self-possession. pulled
out ‘his knife and cut the fuse in two to make
 it would do no harm.

,.5'1&iese rascals intended to blow us the shed
born the looks of things. Look at that stone
tolled against the door. They broke the lock to

. _,_ t . .
'63’ in.r¥1 fp thaquarry entrance and get the lan-
" said Bassett. -
 ouJron‘t ﬁnd it there.” _ _
‘Why not?’ the boy asked in surunse.

  
 
    
    
    
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 

shed. Those villagés hfavef probably
,'IguessitWlll sae oryouto
‘azeruthere and get it. Don't light it till
 Bassett walked away into‘ the darkness.
‘ ... "Pom to await his returh with the lantern.
 mg“; the fog]; “my from the door of the
Fit those, ehansthhadweausizt Jack and me they
' W 4 ..| t,t t . .
ﬁe‘  riistligig sound on the ﬂoor at. the
- - 1 of the hut. Just then Bassett ran up.
 o\'ér.th¢,¢u?3"1'l5 lam‘-em =50?‘ 5*
 here.” he said. ‘The hub}
if ‘ i‘ V‘ . X‘ .W;.‘ 'i ” ' .'

 

‘Because it's been taken away. There’s a sdane ’

,uswillgwo.
mineisintheolﬁemandﬂarryhashisinhisi

HIMSELF 19

had been blown out and it was lying on its side."

“Well, light it quick. There’s some live thing
inside of the hut.” '

“What makes you think there is?” asked Ba.s—
sett, as he struck a match and lit the wick.

“I heard a rustling noise in the corner.”

“Maybe a rabbit got in there.”

The boys entered the hut and Bassett ﬂashed
the light around. They were both staggered to
see Jack bound and gagged alongside of the case
of dynamite.

“Great Scott!” gasped Tom.

“Good gracious!” ejaculated Bassett.

They rushed forward, and while the young
watchman held the lantern aloft. Tom cut his
chum’s lashings and relieved his mouth of the

' gag. Then he helped Jack to his feet.

“So those rascals caught you and were going
to blow you up!” cried Tom.

“How did you guess that?”

“Because I overheard their whole plot, and if
I hadn’t tumbled into a gully in the adjoining
ﬁeld this never would have happened. but we prob-
ably would have captured the villains between us
as we did before.‘ '

Tom then told his story——how he had suspected
the new man. Bradley, who came to work at the
quarry that morning; how he had shadowed him,

when he went oil’ at half-past live. to the vacant

shanty up the road: what .he had seen and heard
through the knot-hole, and lastly. his own misad-
venture as he was hurrying across the, fields to
get the news to Jack as soon as he could.
“When I came to my senses I hastened to your
house. Your sister told me you had gone to the
office an hour before. I was staggered to think

‘I had lost more than two hours’ time in that

gully. I feared the rascals had been here, espe-
cially when I found the lantern missing from the
mouth of the quarry. The fact that the oﬂice
was dark and locked made me believe that you
had changed your mind and gone off somewhere,
and thus escaped the scoundrels. In my effort
to see if those men were hiding near this nut,
and at the same time to avoid possible discovery
by them, I ‘walked around the back of the shed.
I found ‘Harry lying on the ground there. bound
and gagged. and I hurriedly released him.
that we both came here and discovered a lighted
fuse crawling along the ground toward the shed.

We soon put it out. and then we came in here and‘

discovered you." .

Jack then told his story, from the moment
he left the house until the rascals left him help-'
less in the hut with the vision of a terrible death
before his eyes.

“And now,” said Jack, “we must notify the
police at once’ that these convicts are hanging
around this neighborhood intent on doing you
and I bodily harm.”

’ "We haven’t the time to do that now,” replied
Tom. “We must hustle down to the cut near
Parsons’. farm and save the 11.10 train from
being wrecked by those seonndrels. The three of
Get your revolver from the house;

pocket. Bnssettand I will harness the colt to
thelightwagon 'yonareaﬂsryonrgnn.

Vie thought to be to reach the at initime 16
head ;chose villainsof and, if  ‘

\ i

 

After ‘

 

  

 
  

 

  

 long ‘as they are at large.”

n  Jack. coming to a pause.
“are about fifty feet away."

Jails.
..“There they are." said Jack.

-T =  them. ‘

5, 

 

   

.' “All right.” agreed Jack. and the three started

at once for the farm-yard.

' TCHAPTER XV.—Averting 3. Railroad Ilisaster.

Fifteen ‘minutes later the three boys drove out

V through the front gate and started the colt at

her best speed for the railway cut beyond‘ Par-
sons’ farm. ‘It took three-quarters of an hour for
them to reach a point in the valley within a
quarter of a mile of the track. which ran along the

hillside, sixty feet or so above. . ,
. They reined in. jumped out and tied the—colt
— ‘to a convient tree.
' road they saw a horse and wagon tied to the
rail fence. There was no one near it.

As they crossed the valley

“That's ther team,” said 'f'om_. who recognised
the wagon. “They're up on the line now attending

‘ to their dastardly work.”

“We must advance with caution. then." replied
Jack, drawing his revolver, an example followed
by his companions.

“As. they are desperate ruﬂians. we must not

hesitate to fire upon them if they refuse to yield

or try to get away. We must capture them at
any hazard. Jack, for our lives are in danger as

“That's right." answered Jack. “We are up

_ ‘ against a, tough proposition and we ‘can't afford
i to take any chances.

I shall shoot to kill, if

reeessary—you two must do the same. These

‘Ieoundrels deserve no consideration at all after

their villainous attempt on my life. which would
have succeeded had you not reached me in time
to put out that fuse.” -

‘They began to, climb the hillside near the en-

‘. " V trance to the out. When they reached the track
A they saw no signs of the rascals. Presently

they heard the sounds on the rails ahead.
“They're working at the track." whispered
“I should think they

The boys advanced with greater caution than

7 ﬁfore until they made out the indistinct forms

three men ahead. doing something to the

“Get down and
creep upon them.”

u‘ ‘They were within a dozen feet ofthe. train-

er .
“Halt; cried Jack, rising to his feet in front
“Surrender, or we'll ﬁre!"

Mulbrool-:.r who was in advance. uttered .a

lﬂcui-so and raised something he carried under his
 Jack’: sharp eyes saw it was, a gun. and.
; quick as lightning. to save his own life. he
ﬁred point-blank at the villain.
1.  hands with a cry, the gun, fell from his

Mulbrook threw

hands, and. staggering backward. he "toppled
ever the embankment and went rolling down to
 valley.  «V 1 « '
The others. par,alyzed_.bir their leader's fate.
9to run up the track. but‘ two revolyers,
i  hands of Tom and Harry. cracked sharply
 night‘ air. and two bullets humrned so
ﬂ 11:0 the heads’ of the villains that they stoD-
 un their hands‘ as a token of

7  Jackﬂgield them under theeinnazle of
'-~'i _j  and iieuett ‘bound their

 

J3.’

_ injuries, and the other rascals were returned‘ to"~‘

 

Nut week's issue 
 i_>i..iiionrD;:o:.,.3,7.1is,__.aoit .-

   

OUT son HIMSELF I V . 

train for Brentwood was almost due now at "
the cut. They ran to the spot where the rascals
ha_d loosened the rails. and found that three .
rails had been tampered with. Fortunately. the -I
spikes which had been drawn out of the ﬁ.sh- 
plates lay close by. I 
“Grab a_ hammer and we'll drive them back , _,
again." Said Jack. ' ‘
They worked with feverish eagerness, for a
mile away came a long, shrill whistle.as the ,
tl‘8_1Il passed a railroad crossing. But theboya !
ﬁnished their_ work on the rail just as the train
swept into sight. The engineer saw them and
slowed up after they had passed the danger
point. and the conductor walked back. and the 
matter was explained to him. ,He waved his *‘
lantern and the train backed down. ' 
The prisoners were turned over to him and 4':
hoisted into the baggage car. whence, on the
arrival of the train in Brentwood. they were .-
transferred to the station-house. The boys re- 
turned to the valley and hunted for the body .'
of Jim Mulbrook. He was unconscious. but not 
dead. They carried him to the wagon that hui -
brought the rascals to the scene of their at? 1"
tempted crime. and Jack and Tom mounted to <
the seat. after’ Bassett had been instructed 
drive their own wagon to.the farm and put the 3:;
colt in the stable. '1 
Jack drove on into town to the station-house",-"7";
where the dangerously wounded convict was‘ .1
turned over to the authorities. and the boys gavex?
their statement of the attempted wrecking of the, 
11.10 train. Mulbrook subsequently died of his 3;

4

  

the penitentiary. As a reward of 8500 each 1...;
been offered by the State for their rechpmre. this »
sum was paid over to and divided among Jack. 
Tom and Harry Bassett. The Board of Diree-W '.
tors of the M. & N. Railroad awarded 85.000 to’ .3
the boys also for saving the train at the_cut.‘
of which Jack and Tom each got $2.000. whn. 
Basssett receuTed $1,000. ' ‘C,

ome time during the follow‘ yegr, J .. 
through his mother, purchasednfﬁne 
within half a mile of the quarry. and the st;-egg? 
family went there to live. The quarry proved 2:‘
to be a winner, and when Jack reached‘1;i's
twenty-first year he was earning 

income out of it. and Tom was earning a gaad~.;:.,.;
salary from his generous chum. ‘ ‘ ' ‘  
Soon afterward the following 'tein appeared ‘
in the new morning Record newspaper: 2 ~‘ '
Married.~—At the residence of the’ -bx-ﬁg‘; -.
parents, No. —— Brentwood avenue. on W *“/
day evening. Cassie. daughter of Mr. and
Willard Davenport, to John Spencer. street, raw
bride is the only child and heiress of‘ the pres»;
dent of the Bi-entwood Nationab Bank. 1'1-i’ ._
bridegroom is one of Brentwo.od's rising
citizens. He is the owner of the Trent Grauﬁa
Quarry on the county road. ,_ .. 
h Aftrelr a three liﬁonths" w;iidingBtonx‘--‘J _‘ _ y
is c arming w‘ e return to.  1.
took up theirhome. with Mr. and Mrs. D V, ‘“ "-
port until such time as ‘he should build; ’
new house of his own. * ;

.. Lani. 1'

lines...

  

 
   
  

its 5

  
  
 
 

 

   
  

  

"-..'.'~'

        
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY . 21
CURRENT NEWS

 

     
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
     
    

§§¥OﬁER

SETS HIS HAIR AFIRE SITTING locate in. MM’ 't m n hav asked that \
J IN A BAR_BER'S CHAIR he indicate theudgyptllciattrlxe xiii! dig-eso they can\ -.
Charles Cleento, at well-known resident of Photograph him. ‘ 

mmonton, N. J., is in the Hammonton Hospital

ering from severe burns, the result of a pe- I
I‘ accident. _ . . RACING OSTRICH DIES IN A BATTLE
While in a barber’s chair getting a ‘hair treat- ROYAL c_
!It,,in which 8 £.l‘9P31‘8tl071 C0}1l58»1mYI8_ 8lC0h01 “Black Diamond,” famous ostrich. is dead. The
" ‘ 11665: he 531110 3 match t0 light 8 ¢1Z81‘8tt8- passing of the noted bird recalls the memorable

inonient later his hair was on fire. Both hands, events at (jg;-eemvi11e, on seventeen years ago,
as and forehead were'burned before the ﬁre when “Black Diamond" sprinted a half-mile in
‘Dl1t0“tW1_th Wet t0Wel5- 1.05, setting an American record which still

stands. , i “ '

. .. ‘ “Black D’ mo d" we k'lled recently in’ a ﬁght

. PLANS To DIG UP A CANNON with six otligr binrds-atsthel farm of Tom J. Cock—
qgo to Petersburg, Va..,_ ahd dig up a cannon burn, Hot Springs, Ark. So ﬁerce was the strug- .
buried ﬁfty-nine years ago‘a.fter a battle he gle that the heavy fence about the inclosure in 4;

Confederate and Union‘ forces is the plan which the ostriches were conﬁned was splintered
w ry C. Diehl of Hinton, Okla. Diehl says in several places. , Attendants‘ had diﬂlculty in
~ he wanted to ship the Run to Watsontown. quelling the riot. ‘ "
 expressman wanted charges paid in .ad- “Black Diamond” was ﬁfty-mne_ years old. He

fund, as he was -without funds, he buried raced on many tracks from Cahforrua to New
nding to get it later. I England during a period of ﬁfteen years and
a’ never went back, but he is conﬁdent he can never was defeated.

4:

    
   
   
   
    
    
 

it
3

 

O O '
Take Special Nottce! ,
:.Wo own “MYSTER\l MAGAZINE." It contains exciting detective, crook, and mystery
stories. All of them are fine. You ought to read them. Why don't you get a copy?

‘The latest number contains
 A good detective story called

"THE LOCK AND KEY”
Written by - HAMILTON CRAIGIE V
A splendid no-pan‘ mm entitled . I - 
“A TEST OF CONSCIENCE” , '
J. B. WARRENTON, Author

Vilepartlinelntiofi hanowritingin‘ which LOUISIBRICE gives free readings of your chat-
, if you send her a sample of your writing‘. 1
g. ‘. L’ ‘SIX (6) DANDY SHORT STORIES ' .4
‘ rcum: QNE nnmrxn.” by, .3. ,9. Rhodes ' » ' ’
 _ 7 '1-4 DEVILISH ’CON'l‘_RI«VANCE," by Maurice Coon: e
vs ,“BE'l'_RAYED ,_BY WORDS.” by D. E. Kramer  ' - , -;
“CllANQE.”rby Dorhthy_Sh¢I A _ » A .  '
“_(>1,W1'i!!}_1'.‘%TRA‘Il_.9l“gDOP];f..”4.yLeslie Barru1xx— ~_ g  .- 
. ‘.11 _  itcontnino in interesting article hyrou FOX'(Seotlud Yud  e_, »
  and’: laegesoolloetion of shorter items that will glouofaybuf _, ‘<

I     

-9 '9‘ '. . , XV! ,   .-.r~. ._ 3.} ts...

       
   
       
       
    

 
  
 

   
 
     
  

     
 

  

   
  
 
   
 
  
   
    
    
   
 

 
 

Rob and " the Reporters
‘ _ ;- 01'," —- ‘
  War News by Y7
» \ I By GASTON GARNE ;t

(A ,Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XII.——(Contlnued).

T ,» so Robtacklegi thehtree and managed to get_ for
amon the .
'2‘! cangsee thenl?acttl‘esl” he shouted. “There, is
Germans have made a stand. The allies are prese~
tag down on them. I'can see ﬁne."
“I believe I'll come up," declared Brown. “'I,
used to be good on the climb in my younger days.
He quicklyjoined Rob, but the others did not

Ifrawe the ,Deutschers on the run," called
.1 Brown re‘se‘ntly. “They are retreating this way,
. . bays. f they take to the woods, and it looks as’
' if they were likely to, they Wlll capture us sure.
-” . _“Look! Look!” called Rob. “I see the flag of
the Fifth Army Corps. It must, be General Tay-
1:or's men who are doing the’ driving.
_  “Come right down.
, gate 35 wick as ever we can," Thompson shouted.
  Rob and Brown hurriedly descended and they
took“-to their heels, steering south, that being the
direction in which it seemed the most likely they
could avoid the ﬂeeing‘ Germans.
But it was no use. —
 From the sounds they_heard they soon knew
Lthat the stampede was right upon them. “
«-72 “Whatever shall we do?" gasped Dewey. I
j don't. hvgant dtoifbtle  to Berlin as a prisoner of
' war, nge . _ .
A ‘[ “Berlin nothin ." replied Thompson. “They’ll
; 't you on a _
 and the rest of us along with you. Bob may
aseibly escape and be put to work on some wire;
5 station, but the rest of us stand no chance.
,"There seems to be _a housevon ahead,”«“crie_d
Rob, catching sight of it among the trees. It It
-has a cellarpe ps we can hlde in-it.
_ They pushed on, coming to a small house stand-
by in the midst of a ‘clearing. ’

  

  

,-my tan in and _found it, as they supposed.
an bi. .« ~ .» 
Rohapqlled up a trap-door in the kitchen ﬂoor,
ieyealing a collar ands ladder leading downinto
/"It's   A. chance,” ‘ declared Thompson.
,  h ler!’ They are right upon us.
 ‘lg: you. 759.!!! ‘They may pass this old

‘i  themselves, closing-,:the

we -°..*:w°



‘ . e k .
1; plain about a. quarter of a mile wide. A lot of _ smo e

We want to shin out of"

yonet when they find who you ,

, Apparently it was deserted. It seemed very

I; .'

v

 

FA$‘1E'- ANl)é FORTUNE ‘wEEK1,r

- For ten minutes this /continued, the sounds be- 

ing mingled with a steady ﬁring, which at length
seemed’ to be taking another direction.  p
' Still the stampede continued, but less hurried- 
ly, judging from the sounds; indeed, some of the ' .
ioldiers appeared to have halted around the ,
ouse. ' '
Presently, to their dismay,‘ they could hear
men walking about overhead. ' ‘ g
* .‘‘They are in at last," breathed Thompson. 
“We better crowd into the corner in case they “ _
open the trap—door." < ' ‘ ‘7
They had scarcely taken this position when the A :
trap actually was raised, but it was immediately
shut down again.- , _ t v
A moment or two later the soldiers were heard 
to leave the house and then they began to sgxell 

. “Great Scott!" nedl Rob, “they must have “
ﬁred the house, 11 here we are caught like rats
in a trap.” ' V .
‘ The smoke rapidly ﬁlled the whole cellar. It 
became evident to Rob and the reporters that they 
should have to vacate. _ .» l 
“No help for it. We've got to but it,” do 
clared Thompson. - 
Rob ran,up. the‘ ladder and threw us the trap: ~‘
door to ﬁnd ‘that a lot of brushwood had been
thrown into thekitchen and ﬁred. ‘ V A '
They lost no time in getting out of, the 
which, being only an old frame structure, was
doomed. ~’
To their relief there was no soldiers to be seen;
bﬁt there was evidence enough of their.p8Ssing.p' 7'
Dozens of knapsacks ‘lay scatter-red.ab’ou~t as"
well as other things abandoned in
treat. ‘  ' 2—
Sharp ﬁring could still be heard in the ’dis~,
tance to the north. 7 ~
“Let's get back to the tower,” said Thompson;
"I expect the Germans are after Ghent. Probagr
bfy this is only a skirmish. It is doubtful if the
trouble these woods again.” _ , ,
But it proved one thing to talk of getti 
to thetower and a.nother—thing to eccomgﬁih 
They soon found that they had lost their

(3, , 
Rob hadn't. however. , ‘
He once worked as telegraph operator‘ ”
Reid's Newfoundland railroad. being   é‘
the midst of a trackless forest. and knew  I
craft well. i - _. , - 5‘
He told Thompson, who seemed to be the 
in everything, ‘st the very start that they wael gm
lng wrong, but the reporter refused to h€Odhmn
He had to come to it, however. , - v, _ ,
“Say, kid, if, you know anything, out with it’. n
he exclaimed at last.’ ~ \  
‘.‘We’vo been going wrong from the start,
clared Robf, “We want to strike sout _ f
took my bearings as we came. 01' cameo‘ , 4.
bit turned around ‘now,,but if you will lesveﬁ‘ .
me I'm sure ‘I can ﬁnd the tower.” - \ * “ T
T (To be continded.)

   
       
     

        
     
   
     
   
  
        
   
 
    

  
   
  
  

        
    
 

  
         
   

   
       
  

           
     
    

  
   

, tune!-in was 

 , I

RABBIS BAN BARE Aizifs

‘Thirty Galician rabbis have issued a joint ban
. . against the appearance of Jewish girls and wom-
..;, en in sleeveless and low-cut dresses. The ban

  
 
   
   

‘ '. was proclaimed in all the synagogues of Galicia. _ -

The rabbis declared in their statement that “this
' lack of morals in dress is responsible for all the
. misfortunes that have befallen Jewry."

- ‘tion of the rabbis, calling their statement a slan-
der upon Jewish womanhood.

TWOFISH STORIES
A chronicler at Edmonton, Alberta, reports

 

V pounds has been ken from Lake Minnewanka
- at Banﬁ. A Bra don, Manitoba, report says
. thatan angler on the Assiniboine River caught a
_‘ pickerel and a muskallonge on one hook at the
.' same time. He was in the act of hauling out the
. pickerelwhen a muskallonge swallowed it, and
:'- the angler landed both. The muskallonge was 40
E inches long and weighed 17 pounds. .

FLOATING ISLANDS .

V There are such islands. They are of two kinds,
" the natural and the artiﬁcial. The first kind is
composed either of driftwood carrying soil and
‘I Vegetable matter, or. of masses of floating vege-
 tation, comprising interlocked reeds, grasses, or
 ‘ rootsof trees—sometimes detached from the shore

 

if ‘of~a lake or river——-which form a strong enough

I‘. framework to_ carry earth and occasionally grow-
? ingtrees. One of the largest examples of such
an island, known as the “sudd” or ‘,.‘sadd,” which
-.- sometimes forms on the up er Nile, in Egypt, and
3 ‘ «is composed of papyrus an “um su_f," or "mother

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
 

 ‘pf wool" (loosened by storms from Nile banks
as. where they W). , H ,,
 sswimming pants. Occasionally such a sudd

'or dam will be 25 miles long and 15 or 20 feet in
‘ "thickness, the force of the current driving the
’ iegetation so compactly together that men and
sometimes large animals can _walk_ across the
‘!'sudd" in safety. Other ﬂoating islands have
been seen 50 to 100 miles away from the mouths
.:-of the large rivers in America, _ _ _ _
 are f ently found in the Mississippi
River. In La e Derwentwater, in England, a
Iaatzing island appears and disappears at inter-
arals, probably raised to the surface through the
, . The artiﬁcial type of
'1lojiting islands is made byapiling earth upon 8.
1‘ ‘ aquatic vegetation.
ﬂinch-islands are really_ ﬂoating gardens. The
¥’~T!éra.employed by Mexicans before the Spanis
9 tlgiquest, and are still to ‘be seen in China.

1’ h ‘

iU'l;A‘ncss'r DANCE CARNIVAL IN WORLD”
_& WILL BE. HELD AT MADISON

_'f =.' ‘.~ SQUARE GARDEN

~”§l‘3here-'probably willibe exem llﬁcation of the
—  cemetery lunch the wheel—chair

'  ~ alsexnay be gyretions _

g1gichoia“n_eyer  '1‘,e,x Rickard

 

 

 

A

  

FAME: AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ’ .
scoop READING

The Jewish press strongly condemns the ac-'

— that a trout 42 inches long and weighing 37'

with earth, ambach and small"

Africa and Asia. '

of which old.

 
 
 

/-

/\

I

(;(§rtMhadlC0n Sggiare Garden fame, has blossomed

Ballrozfn plgesi _ent of the World s Championship
Ians were ‘aging CO5lt6nt, and announced that
fore man mg ma e to house in the Garden

is going toybemglli: 1'§’r‘“§st"‘§a.‘.’c'°“ agevmi says

held in the worldﬂi 8 e cai-niva ever

Just now Mr. Rickards and his associates are
busy with the rules of the contest. They say’
that 2.000 of the world's best dancers will com-
pete for $25,000 ' .h '
president of the \vv'."'<:‘.”i§. n‘T'£:‘.°s offered by th°

fThe plans are laid to bring out—again quoting
rom the press agent—“not only the skill and
grace of dancing, but just exactly what this form
of pleasure means to the more than 75,000 000
people in the United States." The notice [goes
not state whether the conservative estimate of
the nation's population is based on a census taken
by dancing instructors. In any event, it is in-
telligence that Mr. Rickard looks for-—intelligence
in interpretation of the dance. He says:

“It is simple enough to ﬁnd out who are the
best_dancers, judged by the popular applause they
receive at the ﬁnals. But we plan to go further.
There will be rules by eVperts,,which we beﬁeva
will bring out all that the dance stands for and
means to the American people and why it is to-
day the most popular form of divertissement.”

The ﬁrst prize is $12,000 in government gold
bonds. A book of rules governing the phases of
the contest is being prepared.

“Mystery Magazine” -
Semi-Monthly 15 cents a Copy
1.13 LAT'GHl.\'G DI-‘3A'l'ﬂ'S TR.-UL, by Ni-ls Leno, 40,.

Tﬁﬂﬂﬂﬁn. '
l-I .\|l-‘.DlCI!\'l'-I nnorpmi. hv G. 1‘. Wilson.
A Ql'E3'l'}0.‘l OF KKICK. hr‘ Euirenn Jones,
THE .\l‘lS’l‘ERY or ROARING WA'1'ERg D,
Hafléy Adler. '
rm: wan PIRATES. M Hamilton Cralgie

THE SHADOW OF A XOORFI. h _ - '
A1‘ 2 A. .\l.. by Beulah Poynter. I J“ k “Whack

THE IN'l‘RlGl,'l-IRS. by Grover KldW0lI_
THE LOCK AND ‘KEY . ,
By HAMILTON CRAIGIE
On! Today In No. 183

HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc, .
166 West 23d Street New York City

156
157
158
159
160
161
162

“Moving Picture Stories”
A Weekly Magazine Devoted to Photophyg ggg pk’...

PRICE TEN CENTS PER cop?

Each be in’ T11 . ‘ .
on the gcnrglen-r—l?m a.n':.Hal{r-"t¢i::\oSr;:ie:‘ ttrhoanntcltg £33..‘
-E-‘lh.llt¢l'eBf&|g Artlees About Prominent 1. 1; tr:

9- II I Act
ud_l.esson:':n “Sana? Y|.7=gi:£"»e-u h  -

HARRY E: woLr'F.~ Puumia. inc. i ‘
. sg Néw YCI 

J
‘_’..

  

    
  

  

. ’ , ’ 0 \ -
24' . FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ,. _’ ;..

  iNri:iLiEs'riNc RADIO NEWS AND HINTS  *2

‘ !
ea ” 

2
a
. ‘i
X:
1
5

\

A CONDENSER KINK HEED THIS . ‘ 

Dust or dirt caught between the plates of a - 4 _ . "I;
variable condenser can be cleaned out very quick- 18531313 gogtagﬁ i:‘°?ny°"‘f:§‘_my’ ‘t is not “' “

 

1!’ Wm‘ the aid 05 °1‘din31'Y Pipe °1e3“°1’s- Don’t forget to throw the aerial switch after 4
—————— Youhav c th rad'.Asto 
INTERFERENCES up dunﬁgpihxight 5nd ti; lightiiinn; ‘:31’: have 5

_)_(-ray and violeﬁrayblmachiiﬁs used by pl(iiy- a straight path into your home.
Ilc)6l18_ cause coiisi_era_ e inte erence in ra io Do it tea ,1; f V
mception when their high-frequency waves are and Ema ,,'s§§":,f ;,u!;1a::,}nafi‘;‘;§;;i,.se-ii-h°én%:,.l;§' .
i!:wu:fe. They should be -shielded *0 reduce th“ from a manufactured set am usually unsuited
An of metal would do to enclose them ggzdotiigerr use than which they were primarily .«‘

d t d ' terf to ' " l - . .
V» W :';um‘:ntm'°:ﬁ‘e;?im1ﬁrf£°;er  um As an added safety measure it is always a good

Generators and trans ormers also cause inter— ‘idea’ after y°“ have Put Y0“? 59‘? “WY 1'0!’ thﬁ

   
   
    
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 

ference and should be shielded. 1 gggglggg ‘° °°““°°t the aerial and around wires»
_ « V RECEIVING SET RANGE ‘ ‘ Don’t buy a cheaply constructed radio.” It in

Because at one time or another radio fans have . belief 150 NW9 3 8004 Crystal Set than 8 bad tube ’
received stations’1,500 miles _awa they think 56% -—~' 7
thaﬁsihig ightbe gceiving rangehof t elilr sets, aid .

V . IS ,, ;

inileagi. T13: is thgazivg-fin: ytagytdvbstiiﬁaﬁe the “C_ BATTERY FOR REFLEX — 4‘
. ignge of 3 set The proper method is to-see how Concerning the use of a C battery with tho '
' tar the set can receive signals in the daytime, be- Ha1'k“‘?S5 tW°'t“b_e reﬂex: Pl'0_Ceed as follows: 
tween 11 o’clock~i'n the morning and 4 o'clock in The Wlre Connecting the A minus binding post '
the afternoon. Stations‘ that can be picked up with the g"°““d‘ '3 b"°kF“ and the C b83391’)? 8115,-
gngularly between these hours are the ones upon St1_l-'“t°d- 91 P108 teI'lm{1al_ of the little battery
which the waiving mug, shouid be b;sed_ going to t e A plus binding post. The other
________ terminal of the C battery is then connected to the
FILE I-‘OR REAMING HOLES « ground» The use of the C battery_wiii result is
"The ‘largest drill most small hand drills can 3 much 107139!’ llfe f0!‘ the 13 batteries and it will
uke is ,3 quarter of an inch in diumet-,er_ Now, also tend toward clearer reception. The yglun
a‘ quarter-inch hole will just pass the -shafts of Of the C halite W111 deP€Y1d “P011 the tnbwiised ..
j instruments like variable condensers, vario- 831d 012011 their 9-te V91t8z‘e used. _The values are‘
- _  couplers, variometers and so forth. but as often SW6“ 1“ the m3t?get1°Y1 Sheet ‘Wlmh accompanies L
as not the mounting screw holes are a little off. 98011 standard tu . A 4%-volt C batte will
and the shafts will then hind. usually ,be satisfactory. 'I'he_C leatterrs its in
To‘ ream out the pale, there is nothing as cheap __service is lon , as it, is not delivering current 

" or as rapid as an ordinary ﬂat ﬁle. By inserting 1113 end 315118-1? comes f1'_0rn_ old age. For
~. the tan; in the opening. and giving the ﬁle a few reason It can  Placed Inside the set. It will ~
‘ stron twists, even the most upyielding bakellte need no attention for many months and 
will 5 art . A

    
  

      
       

  
   
      
 
 
 

  
  
      
        
     
    

Lr

        
 

ve we . The reamin‘g_shoul be done from i5 3’! 3dV3Y|t3-8° in keeping the leads as sh
- .. bod! sides a the panel in-order o insure a uni- P0851512-
lorm hole. » .

_ I

V Frec!uencies_ above 10,000 cles are called A hot soldering iron is always a problem. When
udio irequencies and are inaudi le to the human in radio constructor is wirin a setjzo usually
ﬁr. 5‘:-eguencies below 10,000 cycles are lcnown so engrossed in keeping trac of the wiring‘ '
1‘ in audio requeiicies because they are audible to when he ﬁnishes one joint he iust.bllndly_piuil*ﬁ ,
 the .ea,r. Incoming radio signals are radio fre-. the ii‘on away from him and lets it fest wherever
guencies and the tubes that amplify such cui-— it happens to _fall. That "wherever" may been
, ‘Treats’ are called radio frequency ainphﬂera. They inﬂammable piece of pa r or a meltable ieoe of
an plawd in the circuit ahead of the detector. apparatus, and the resu t may be a small _ '
After the currents are passed through the dew ng conﬂagration. . 99
 they at-e.rectiﬁed to audio frequencies, and t is a simple matter to prevent such an 

vihoi tubes that ainplif them are called audio cui-rence. Complicated wgne stands and supyu ’
L 1 liﬁers. adio frequency ampliﬁers are not necessary; a pla , ﬂat sheet of.
‘ " stance of a set because u’l:%cg'lV0 iron, about a foot square and at least It i T
7 : : from‘-far away stations is neat. of an inch thick. will turn the trick very 4 .

‘to. actuate the detector. Audio amuli- It is left. _on the table within" an arm’: length

-: the vpluine, butpdo not increase the theset hem wired. Whena joint ..
 cl t e solderer'wants'te _ the «

   

     
  
  
    
    

  
  
 
   
  

   
  
  

    

    
  
  
 

  
  
   
  
   

   
   
  
     
       
    

   
      

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
  

Of course, this is all assuming that an electric
iroiris, used, as by far the majority of radio fans

lie electric irons. If a gas-heated iron is em-
- yed, then the fan simply must go to the trou-
of carefully acing it back over the gas
"ﬂame so thatvit will be ready for further solder-
ing. 5,

’ l1-TUB'E REFLEX

~- A- reﬂex circuit which is building up a reputa-
-‘Non as a distance getter is the Tri-Coil circuit.
This circuit makes use of a special transformer,
 for use in reﬂex circuits and made in
__diﬂerent designs to ﬁt the characteristics of the
‘diﬂerent tubes.

The outstanding advantage of a well designed
or constructed reﬂex set is the economy in tubes
. and battery consumption that is~possible. A re-
‘  set, using one tube and a crystal rectifier,
lhould give results very nearly as satisfactory,
point of volume and distance, as those obtain-
with a tube used as a radio frequency am-
pliﬁer, a rectifier of some sort and a tube used as
can audio frequency ampliﬁer. A one-tube reﬂex
‘set, made with SE31-ts of good design_and prop-
‘erly assembled, ould be expected to I178-1 3 80°31
regenerative set in the mat er of distance and it
should be expected to operate 2.. loud-_speaker_ on
local stations. To accomplishthis requires
. -good antenna (although a reﬂex, like most other
‘ ivers, will work after a fashion on almost
y antenna that is any good at alt) and intelli-
font operation.
’. The Tri-Coil reﬂex is tuned by means of a
‘ﬁoarioineter and a condepser which are in series.
«variable condenser of .b005 mfd. capacity will
*upérate.sa.tisfactoxily. The variometer should be
‘very’ good one and one in which the losses are
‘lawns possible. The set will tune very sharp-
. “and the amateur will find it_ advantageous to
some means of getting micrometer adjust-
Whents of both the condenser and the variometer
.. 5,‘. A good (and it should be good and not
‘ fairly good) vernier vcondenser can be
had to advantas€- _ _ _
; The set will pick up "stations without dimculty,
: the user will find that there is a_best_ oint
. on both dials for each of the local stations. en,
’ . 'b¢St.points are found there will be the
‘mum selectivity and the maximum volume.

' frequen transformer is the Tri-

" ’T'§',‘g"§, made egeciallly for the circuit. _If
 er transformer is used it should be one in-
... ,. for use in a circuit of this character and
. my, ' diﬂerent values of condensers.
‘lg guaio fmquency transformer may be any

' .. nuke. Modern transformers are usually ac-

‘ . ..... witli the Tri-Coil transformers in this
..i. A ratio as_ high as 1 to 10 may be used
\ the amateur will probably  Willing *0 59¢"
= ' a little volume to Rain lnCl’§85ed Clarity
use a transformer of lower l‘8l’.l0.‘ However.
‘» would_he nosreat advantage m 1151118 3
rmer of less than 1 to 6 or, at the very
' A liula e_x erimentmg may
 in getting the t vahe for 91¢

an d  f th' trans-
Hacieargied coildﬂengeﬁsryshtduldf used-
etysai detector should not be-.one in which
 thecnmtal. ' c ’ ‘~ '

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

_ N my  “T -0

25

MEANING OR SQUEALS AND HUMS

There is one defect in a receiver that produce:
a distinctly characteristic noise. This is an open,
connection in the grid circuit. The sound it pro-
duces is very much likepthe one that you hear
when using a toll line on the regular telephone.
It is a ringing hum. Such an open circuit often
occurs at the switch contacts in a single circuit
receiver or when the pig-tail connections on the
grid variometer break, due to long service. What
makes this particular diﬂiculty erplexing is the
fact that local broadcast signals can be heard
faintly and regardless of the setting of the tini-
ing control. When this happens in the new sin-

le circuit receiver that the experimenter has
Just completed, it is usually because he has every-
thing connected properly but has forgotten to
ground one side of the A battery.

With the regenerative set, the inquisitive fan
usually discovers that if he turns the regenera-
tion control to a certain position he is greeted
with an ear-splitting squeal. In most_cases this
is normal operation and is to be expected. What
causes it is the fact that regeneration has been
pushed to the extent that grid-blocking action
takes place. The tube is inomentarily stopped
from oscillating by this action and must wait
until the excessive negative charge can leak off
the grid before resuming oscillations. The re
sultant starting and stopping takes place at the
audio frequency of the squeal. The squealing
point should be somewhat beyond the position
on the regeneration control that produces gentle
oscillation which is indicated by hissing phones.

.011 the other hand, if the squeal and the point
at which oscillations occur are so close together
as, to be troublesome. it is necessary to s read
them apart. Fewer turns on the tickler or a ower
./resistance grid leak will do this. In the single

circuit set with all the inductance,in and the
tuning condenser at the low capacity setting the
set is very apt to squeal. In this case it is neces-
sary to remove a few turns from the tickler
coil. Except for this‘ cause little trouble. is ex-

perienced when using the UV-199 and 201-A.

But with the UV-200 and the WD-11 and 12, the

set sometimes tends to squeal or plop at a slow r_

rate when the oscillating point is approached. 4'"

In this case a lower resistance grid leak will rem-

edy the trouble. \

Most aiiybody_can succeed in building a one-
stage audio ampliﬁer and have it behave, but it is
when they try the second stage that they some-
times produce a much better howler than an em-
plifier. V What happens in this case is the am-
plifying transformer forms a circuit that is "re;
sonant to about 800 cycles and tube capacity, to-
gether ~'with electrostatic coupling, due to the
manner in which ﬁe circht is arranged, start this
audio circuit to oscillating. The remedy is sim-
ple. Be sure that no ‘plate leads come near the
grid leads.
short as possible. i If after attending to these
two points the howl persists, reverse the leads
to the primary of the second audio transformer
and also those of the first, if necessary.‘ '

f 1
Say, boys,-do you know that sonic of the
stories in “Mystery  broad-_

\

} .

 

And see that the grid leads are as ‘

 

   

Fame and Fortune Weekly
- , VNEW YORK, AUGUST 29, 1924

 . TERMS TO suascmssns

Ilngle c '3 ................ ..P’ r sc
One Copfylp 'l1?lire'e Mouths . . . . .. oﬁnze we 81.00 em.

~ , Ono Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. “ " 2.00
0130 Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .. “ " {.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00.

HOW TO SEND )l0i\lls‘.Y—~At our risk Bend P- 0.
tloney Order, Check or Registered Letter; remitumm-s
In any other way are ll our risk. We accept Pus.. _,.:
Strand» the same as cls . When sending s Iver “run
the oil: in a separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. Write your name and address plainly.

HARRY E. WOLFF. Harry E. Weill. Pres.
Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylauder, Sec.
156 W. 23d St, ‘N. Y. L. F. Wilxln. Trees.

(-

 rnams or ‘INTEREST

3 - DOG POISONING STIRS BAVARIA
~ . Great excitement has been caused in Bavaria bi
the ‘poisoning of General Ludendorff’s pac
f . houn . Nationalists were so enraged when they
heard of the deaths of the dogs that they charged
~.: Various politicians with having inspired the out»
j”. r  against Ludendorif. r
g ‘W van the. chief rnagistrate of Munich was ac-
_ eused of knowledge of the plot, but he issued an
' . dignant statementysaying he was too busy with
- portant affairs to pay any attention to such an
absurd accusation growing out of petty politics.

/- JAILED AFTER EATING A CIGAR
. i ' ' * SANDWICH
: A man walked into a cafe on the Place de la
. ‘Station at Antwerp recently and indicated by
 signs to the proprietor that he was dumb and
 ‘also thiit he was hungry. He was served with
"_  “ I." ham sandwich. More gesticulations showed he
wanted to smoke, and he was handed two cigars.
, ~ He placed the cigars on top of the ham, care-
.  "fully replied the toD~'piece of bread‘ and ate the
'  ' ham and Havana sandwich with evident relish.
‘ Hie meal ﬁnished he attempted to leave without
paying and the police were called in.* The man
W38 placed in jail and now refuses even to make

~"" » NETS A SEA MONSTER ,
A ster from the seas oﬂ..Africa, its native
, iabita visited the rich ﬁshing grounds oi! the
_  coast. to get a change qt diet and prom t-
entangled in ﬁsher-men's nets. e
 known as the gigantic ox ray or two-
.  manta _(manta biroseris being the scien-
 name) ,. . ~ _
‘ ;'.l'he ﬁsh is one of the largest specimens of this
 and forrnidablednonsters. ever caught. It
 zeros: the backuland its mauth
qty... ; . room was on re an
‘7 The monstef could ??allow_ a

 

 
 
   
   
  
      
   

 

~.you’re taken in.-

 on it. / .

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

RADIO T0 LIGHTEN VIGIL OF HUDSON —
LIFE SAVERS .
Up at Fort Washington Point, where hundreds
of bathers splash and canoeists get into diﬂicul-
ties with cross currents in the Hudson River-
thirty life-guards volunteers from the 102d Regi-
ment of Engineers will be on duty, but the look-
outs, perched where they may see what goes on
around them, will not hearwhat the wild waves
soy, nor will they listen to the oral »bouqueta' ~
tossed at them by feminine admirers. 7 _
For Sex-geant,Brennan has prepared an expert-v ,
ment with Walker Bossard, captain of the corps. A .
and if all goes well the earpieces of a radio set V _
will be glued to the lookout’s ears. ~
So they will keep their vigil and at the same
time be entertained. .

,.
‘ 

 

A i_AucHs

Kicker—A judge has ruled that a woman
shouldn't spend more on clothes than onrent. 2:»
Mrs. Kicker—Well. then. we shall have to pay3[.i_
bigger rent. » 

.4__.——:..___.

“And how often do you go to church. Mm. ’
Smith?” Mrs. Smith (working it out)—-Well, sir,’ 
me an Bill's been married ﬁve years. an’! tl1ere‘si 
the four children, so I gets there about once 3-7

V year.

‘, - 

'Saidee-—Why did you break your engagement} ,
with Larry so suddenly‘! Hnidee-—He 
me. Why. when I finally said yes to him and he —_;
took me in his arms. his_heart was beating 
fectly normaL ° 

 

_ “What makes you think that ﬂashy wido~g.h”'

so much money? “She surely is the best dressed
woman at Palm Beach!” “All right. but dad:
forget that some of the most brilliant ﬂowery" ‘
haven't got a scent." -' ,,._

  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  

 

Youngly—‘Did you ever notice’ that the  ‘
monial process is like that of making a call?..~. ,3
You go to adore. you ring a belle andyou givg
your name to apmaid. Cynicus-—Yes. and ma;

 

“What do you think of the new gas'.¢t¢vg,.—_,
Bridget?" “Sure. mum. it's a treat invention.>.£
I’ve had it burning right alonz ever since 
got it and it hasn't gone out of gas yet." ,,

  

She—Gamblinz is twronl!» because. as
says, it is a means 0 getting money 1 nothing,
He-—Not with me it isn't»-—it's a meansodf geteiég .
nothing for my money. . . * p

      
  

   
  
   

 

  
 

Jimmy (tearfully)—Fatber. the density’ J
ed me! Father-—,have you been ai1noying:j§,1}¥~.
Jimmy—No.‘ I was only t-tryingto 

   
   

 
 
 
 

4:-

'5

  in"

   

. ' , .
If ‘youfhave a

2 .‘ ""7: 1?,

   

 BRIEF BUT

   
     
        
  

_' AllDS’TO BIG LONG ISLAND ESTATE

;»' Mrs. Evelyn Field, wife of Marshall Field, of
New York and Chicago, who is having developed
What will be-one of the finest country estates in
. ica near Huntington, L. 1., has added to
’her vast holdings through the purchases of three
additional tracts of land from Mr. J. "E. Barney
and others. I
- .The Field estate comprises more than two
"thousand acres at Lloyds Neck, with more than
~a.inile of Long Island Sound shore front, and it
has been under development for the past three
years, with two more years needed to complete
.,_ - it. An entire vi age with farm buildings, simi-
!.‘3_-lar in idea to the iltmort estate in North Caro-
§~ Iina,’ is being laid out. »

i

BEES SEIZE A FARM

' A swarm of bees has played havoc with har-
yesting operations at the farm of 'C. K. Paxson,
» _ _ miles west of Coatesville, Pa., near Suds-
*’ ‘ﬁiryville. The other day Paxson and his farm
‘hands started to haul in hay.
_, Two wagons were loaded when a swarm of bees
gsuddenly appeared. about half of the bees alight-
? 1'¢'oii~ one load and the.other half on the other.
mxson and his helpers gave way before the on-
, ught and devoted their energies to a neighbor-
iig wheat ﬁeld. . _ '
A few nights later Paxson decided to take one
load of hay to the barn. In the morning, when
e ‘opened the barn, he found the honey-makers
.. gd taken possession of that structure and re-

sisted all efforts to make them vacate.
,Every man and woman on the place has felt
the stings of the bees, and at noon operations on
farm were at a complete standstill while ef-
#3:. were being made to hive the swarm.

 
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
    
  
 

\

 

STRANGE LIGHT SEENPWHILE EARTH
' SINKS .

Pine Hollow, a little settlement nestlin among
. chain of Rattlesnake Hills, west of amer.
Qiaqr-I3 excited over a strange disturbance that
‘ii;-e ..up the earth like a volcano eruption and
, -~ - a big patch of land several feet while
 lighthovered over the section for a long

 about a quarter of _a mile from the

:'of the hill the earth was raised to a tunnel
. .' made by {gigantic mole two feet wide. The
earth makes a hen like a horseshoe. At one end
gthghorseshoe the ground drops more than six
and‘ es in asquare of more than seventy-

 to a negro reacher known as “Par-
ones, trees have been uprooted and large
raised and displaced. Along the wake of
some of the trees have been literally
‘info  crack.~I'm.:ll Veﬁbeelttidn sunk!

itruwe‘ apvtnint "not in iniur
 he cbancid position.

  

  

  
   

". I FAME AND AFORTUNE WEEKLY
I P 0 IN T E D I 9

OHIO SCHOOL HAS SNA¥E FOR “PET”

Ohildren of the Antioch school, Yellow Springs,
Ohio, are losing their fear of harmless reptiles.
For they have a “pet” snake. -

Miss Hazi Giﬁord, teacher of the primary
Zradesnsought to make her swell charges under-
stand that non-poisonous snakes are friends of
man and should not be killed on sight. So she
formed a “snake club.” Only those who handle
the “pet” in such a manner as to indicate all lack
of fear can join.

Many of Miss Ciﬂord’s pupils fondle the “pet”
as if it were a kitten. Each club member has the
privilege of taking the snake home with him over-
night. The girls and boys have £I’0Wn 18810113 Of
this privilege and often are heard to warn the
fortunate one of dire calamity should anything
happen to the “pet” as the result of carelessness.

One boy, granted the privilege of taking the
reptile home, was afraid his parents would ob-
ject. So he left it at a shop here. The next
mornin the boy, not over six, came swaggenng
to schoo with his treasure coiled about his neck.

UTAH SILVER FOX FARM

Raising of foxes on a wholesale scale is the
plan for which a_four acre wire inclosed fox
farin is being built on the A. M. Miller ranch in
the Uintah Valley, seven miles from Ogden.

The Ogden fox farm is declared to be the “last '

word” in construction, with model ns and guard
areas, as well as combined home, ox kitchen and
watch tower for the fox farm superintendent.
Within the wire inclosure is a guard area and
then in the center of the ﬁeld are the ﬁfty-three
pens, each of them forty feet by twelve feet in
ground dimensions and eight feet high, with a
two/foot overhang. This ten feet, as well as the
entire carpet of the fox’ pen, is entirely of ﬁne
mesh steel wire of great strength. The gates
are also of wire; the posts are of steel construc-
tion. ’

The United States biological survey estimates
that there are 12,000 to 15,000 silver foxes in the
United States, found on fox farms in the prime
fur belt. Utah ‘is considered as being in that belt,
its climatic conditions being excellent for fur
bearing animals. While the Ogden fox farm
will have $85,000 worth of foxes when it is
started. the owners y there is little possibility
of any one attem ing to steal any of the am-
mals. The guard ences will be an initial protec-
tion azainst loss. Nliesides these there will He
the protection from the-guarded fox keeper’;
house and watch tower—together with the de-
fense that the foxes would make for themselves.
No successful robbery of a fox farm has ever
been recorded thoughapecial precaution is taken
to prevent them in every instance. .

Thedetective stories in “Myste Maga-
zine” are dandies or‘WJZ would 1:3 

_ ¥

  
 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
ITEMS 01-‘ INTEREST

 

 

HER STRAWBERRY cnop GIVES. GIRL A
RI

_ P ZE
‘ .‘ E1319 Artz, thirteen years old, of Pottsville.
P3-a has broken the State record in strawberry-
“(Inca Elsie entered in the competition of the

Y8 ' 1 ’ ii t ’ .
the c.?J':es§‘i.§in°g’“.?n?:‘é3 3.1“ 335333 of‘sc‘f.f.‘§i.
kill County Farm Bureau.

Her record was 814 quartsof berries grown on
one-twentieth of an acre, which is equal to 16,-
230 quarts per acre.

Joseph Lutz of Summit Station, who grew 473
quarts on a similar plot, was second. The aver-
age in the contest was 3,960 quarts per acre. The
Schuylkill Haven Trust Company and Valley
View Bank paid prizes to the winners.

MATCHES BLAMED FOR MOST FIRES
Fire losses in the United States are high as
compared with those in most Euro an countries.
e great number of wooden buildings in this
land helps to swell the total. .
Matches used by smokers head the list of
-causes. Spontaneous combustion ranks second,
and defective dues and chimneys are third. Fires
,, from stoves, boilers and pi es do about half as
muchiharm as the careless y dropped match or
cigarette. Electricity is listed as ﬁfth among
causes. ’ _
Lightning is sixth. Almost as dan erous are
, sparks that fall on roofs. Petroleum amps and
carelessl handled gasoline were once a prolific
source 0 ﬁre alarms, but ﬁres due to these causes
are now comparatively few. Hot ashes give the
-‘gﬁremen many a run. _ _
. The entire loss from incendiary ﬁres is scarce-
‘ 3 one-tenth as great as that traceable to matches.
, , _ther the causes that stand high in oﬂicial sta-
tistics are illuminating gas, hot grease, tar, wax
, and asphalt, and the incineration of rubbish.
 - Fireworks’ are supposed to cause immense ﬁre
losses, but they are only twentieth on the list.

NAT! NAL PARK FOR SOUTH AFRICA
, Sou Africa is to have a g-reabnatioiial park,
W. similar to those which exist in America, Canada.
land Australia.’ It lies in a wondrous country.
1‘. zllontaux-Sources, in Drakens-berg, a land of
, ' ks and his forests unequaled in splendor
. " roughout gouth Africa. M Ilene are the caves
containing the Bus man paintings, subject of
_. .. pmfgundty interesti g historical controversy.
it It is here too that the ldrdly Tugela takes
its source in a water-cut tunnel through which
" the stream dro s from a height of 2,000 feet.
Nearly the wh Q of the region in its ﬁfty miles
extent is owned by the Government, and the Na-
tal pie have cordially accepted the ownership
 rious natural paradise.
 The aunal and ﬂora are to be _
arrangements ‘have been made for the reintroduc-
 of,theiaatural buck". Thousands
zebra and the koodoo and the eland 115,961
Vxugafthis gorgeous countgidaad soon it is

< tlbatithescj‘animoIs;w1ll here a natural

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
    
       
       
     
     
   
   
   
       
     
     
       
     
       
      
  
      
  
         
   

  

 
    
  
  

       
   
 
  
       
     
    
     
    

  

  

   

protected, and.-

of ‘years.

a a. para“ cfthod  it l‘‘°‘T‘''r’’‘«3.*~-i’.‘*'*.‘-‘-‘°2
.  i-an ~  .   .7  , 

struction of bush by natives has been prohibited. 

l and the Natal Administration is conﬁdent that all

these species will increase and the bush and grass , . ,'

soon be restored. In the Mont-aux-Sources area

a park superintendent is now in residence with  -

a staff of rangers. Certain parts of the National
Park are especially ﬁtted for the purpose of

afforestation, and exotic timber trees are to be V’

introduced.

The Natal Administration is considering the
erection of a. larger hotel for the accommodation
of visitors than the single buildings at present

existing. The idea is that the new hotel should ‘ ‘

be on a site about 4,000 feet above sea level, with
the mountains several thousand feet above, and
within easy access _to bushes, streams and water-

falls, so that picnic parties can have a wide a'h0lC0 '

of beauty spots and bathing pools.

LOOK, BOYS!

The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN rrs '
ACTIONS! *.

It consists of a handsome 
iron frame on which the little yellow
{nail accurately performs like an ath-
e . »

Five Dilferent Stunts-

TliE_ FLYING TRAPEZE —- Release the
trigger-pi_n and the ﬁgure swings for-
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LOOP—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, makes
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar. . . 

THE GIANT SWING -—He goes forward".
with a rush, releases the trageze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his 18, makes
two swift. somersaults in the air
catches b his heels again.

He pe orms two more
acts with the grace and agility" of a cir-‘

rnaprzee. * .   O‘   

 ..
horizontal-bar I  _

vented.
The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World! _  5
PRICE $1.50 0‘ »;
The collapsible stand and the little nioiii-j _
kin are neatly packed in a handsome v
Delivered anywhere in the United States};
receipt of pi-ice..Addross . - f . S 
‘ ' . WOLFF NOVELIY C0-.-. ‘~12

.r

     
  

    

'< V - l .  

    

 ..L. ire‘

 

- - ~ '~ _ : V. ,. - .. '
... Cm.‘ mar... .. 54 .  ...ll~.h...:.u‘at..\.‘z,;..-h. L'.:,iXL‘so«‘f" .«im»i.i- :

.'-§
6
J.
*2

 

. la;

 

cus star, and many new ones can hojno ‘  it

   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
 
 

‘feeling pretty blue. Pay day had come around
again‘ andthe raise I’d hoped for wasn't there.
‘It began to look as though I was to spend my
'fe checking orders at a small salary.

V '9] picked upsa. magazine to read. Ityfell
 at a familiar advertiseinentﬁand a coupon
stitred inc in the face. Month ‘after month for
fgears Pd been seeing -that coupon,lbut never
until that moment -had I thought of it as
§'1&a.ning'anything to me. But this time I
good the advertisement twice--yes, every word!
I we million men, it said, had made that
cpupdnf the first stepping stone toward success.
 line of business, men were getting
I" did salaries because they had torn out that
- pon, Mechanics had become foremen and
4' endents—ca'rpenters had become archi-
  oontractors——-clerks like me had be-
" sales,’ advertising and business managers
»_ usethey had used that coupon.

; igpposethntl . .’ ? What if by studying
 nights I really could learn to do some.-
I  check orders?’ ‘I had a hunch to

out»:-nude then and there I tore out 

  

  

 

is _at rscrantoni" si‘tggested‘jiist‘ the
 I needed and they

»  I haidetolspare. ‘‘
» '  sue uttchsrfs

 

  

hdheen

 

V!!!

I 0f1l17'diVi$‘i0.|l-iA ,
¢gu«;.;j And.__i~ve - ‘°°"-“-
gppcmted’

"‘It happened just three years ago. I was

; wits tlie‘,1urn‘in.'the road.£or me.‘

Wqrkcd : street

“The Best Huh  EverlHaid!"', -

manager of our Western office at $5,000 a year.
Tearing out that coupon three years ago was the
best hunch I ever had."

 

For thirty-two years, the international Correspon-I

deuce ‘Schools have been helping men to win
promotion, to earn more money. to have happy, pros-
perous homes, to get ahead in business and in life‘.

You,_too,_ can have the position you want in the
work you like best. Yes, you can! All we ask is
the chance to prove it.

\_Vit.hout cost, without obligation, just mark and
mail this coupon. Do it right now!

--u---u-at-—-unu----———-—.——.n-_--——..

INTERNATIONAL OOBIECPOIDIIBI IGIIOOI-I
Du 4ﬁ..c Isruh. has '

wuuouiau at all not 
ﬁenuluuorlgthﬁaglertdhkhgkn ‘I up :

IUIIIEII nuluio conceit
Snleunlaﬂlv

   

Iuiuuounot

Industrial Xnnnnnun

Ptrlmlil Oran!-In ' Ddcalfdzm

Butane Luv by nil gut:
-*2‘--“W -ad.»-em 1,3,, ~'-:.=:.:.:.r.="* n
.-ﬁirlgai-on (lat Auctions lliltlllﬂ C103
-1 *°° ‘*3 ‘  ‘ .

1'! Ubroeu
‘ * hush C
YIGHNICAI. AIO
Ll in:
nlechoahul hillneer

 

 

  

   

 

    

  
 

   

    
    
 

0 -

Wglks-Talks“ R

5leeP5‘5“’""§3 .
Lnyher

Yell lb ill! tell IISI P II ‘Oil: Oil
‘Is In‘ t like I so he .

goes to e . II 1' II her
ex! she's a Ieppy,1u.gh-
lag Dollie: the Ieereetmsel levnie hell,
are roey seui.s.iig the arts i-I51 1890--
ms the nut“: nee. en lo Incas put
right to no as puy In! In is is. ten.

Doll-Swing-Glasses Given
s1ee'i:"is!';:1I=::Irh‘
ml 1 lyeglseeeepfiilll feral

’ Guaranteed Time Keep-
er. Given for selling only
, 30 cards of Dress sna -l'u-
tenors at we per card. nsil
Sold. EARN BIG MONE
OR PR!-Z)/IIIIMS. Order your
cards TO-DAY. Send no money.
We trust you till goods are sold.
AMERICAN SPECIALTY C0.
B05121 z Lnnoneter. Pu.

   
    

\" V,
\, '1

V".

 

Get Behind. a Ileluier

for Happiness!

There's nothing like good music for
heppiness; and there’: nothing like a
Hohner forgood music. Any boy or girl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free Hohner Instruc-
tion Book, procureble at nllgood dealers.
And all good dealers sell I-Iohner’s
Hsrmonic.es—

The World’: Best

“That Musicel Pal of Mine” is 3
favorite expression among Hohner en-
thusiasts everywhere. Hohner enthusi-
asm is sweeping the country. Why
don't you get in line for popularity and
enjoyment? '

Go to your dealer today, get is

‘ Hohner I-Iarmonice—50¢ up—nnd ask
* for the Free Instruction Book. _ If your
’ dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner,
lnc., Dept. iy, New York City.
- O

OHNER

ARIVIO.-N I CA3

     
   

 
 

FRlEEi‘.!'

the BOOK for’
REDBLOODS;

‘(DO
It
With
Muscle. ”

BE 3. man or a mouse. Stride ahead in the world
_ with your head held h‘ h or slink into your hole
like a mid little beastie. very ' ‘ boy or _man
has got to accept one or the other, success or failure
. . hnppinom or misery.

which ere YOU going to choose?

Health. Strength and Virility Personslity, Romsnce and
Waitli . . . these are the tokens oi’ physical times;
than are the rich rewards of scientiﬁc muscle rnastery_ ;

Truth Never Told Before

leaps out of every e and sregrcs h of my wonderful
new book. “DO IT ITH $10 £12!" It Ibsolmdv
proves that every living mortal must stand or Isl‘. conquer
or succumb, rejoice or sgonlse in enct pro man to the
strength. soundness en wnoiesoinensn 
end intcanfvlx muscular periormsnce.

1331 Y
"Do Ii: With Muscle!"

l hel l rd in ti 1 th thods
us .whi(?l£uthspwgr"b0ec:i(i:ee¥.ge I;lI%%l°CAL.l.§'“PER-
F'§:(7‘l‘ MAN sud sttsined Jorid-wide froieuloael
eminence. prosperity end lemliy luovina. I tells now.
under my guidsnce thousands of boys. youths snd men
have Achieved live: wk thte lnhalligﬁﬁly 
uatol nstlpetio wor «w item. oer, e

5.. wholcgugiy hat.-Jde oi phnicsl. menu! sgidsgluu
Ltvlslily illustrated with scores of heretofore unru '
iisned superb csmera studies oi myself end pupils.

Get Your Copy

1 "DO IT WFPK MUSCLE!" ht ever. It Wm 33"
30.; the clue to the mysteries or is. No obligﬁili 3.:

 

run-go. Just send the coupon end one (lime
in evidence 01 your genuine I and to holrde 1
my mulling costs.

LIONEL STRONGFORT

’ Physical and Health specuun for is run
Dept. 1434 Newnrk. N. 1.. U. S. A.

:1------FREEBOOKCOUPON-----“Cl

   

I .

I LIONEL S1‘ RONGFORT I
I Dept. 1404, Newark, N. J.. U. S.A. I
I lim eopyor"i>oi-rwrrn
I M§Je§gIE1l::;lEnP’ig:m:Nc§n‘i‘r:n§i,‘os:o one dime loo) :

mun;-a .sssuin .

: new boo‘; mg: exblain my isliurntoettsin complete '
I hell‘-h.lll'€nKI«h and hlDP1Df.- |
I . ...........  |
I Nome . . . . . . . . . . .. '
I St:-eetNo.......... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  II:
I

I CI8!..........................4.%N..> . . . . .... '

ithe

. main

BATTLESHIP
WEST
VIRGINIA
HAS NEW
PHONE
SYSTE M

 

More than 100
lou speakers,

3 Ca”'5'iY18‘ the com-
3 "lands of officers

to all parts of

:the vessel, have

been  on
V _ att eship
Vi est. Virginia 5,,
an improvement
0" the telephone
SYStems in use on
other units of the
ﬂeet, according to
an announcement
from the ‘Western
Electric Co.

T h e s e a 1- e
8'_r0uped on ﬁve
circuits, and can

connected to‘

receive calls.
They are ope)-at-
ed ‘from three
talking stations,
on the bridge
while the ship is
cruising, on the
_ _ deck aft
_wh1Ie in port and
In the control
room during tar.
get practice and
battle. A two-
Stage vacuum
Rube ampliﬁer
glves suﬂicient
Power for good
transmission.
The loud speak.
91' System is in
addition to the
teelgghone f con.
11 ions 0 w '
the vvésc 13?:
Igfmiaf has 209
mes or or-din
lllfe. To ary
Iv 6 SM [1
battle cgnditxidoreg
an entire] ' se -
rate ﬁre ycontgtﬂ
to l e ph one am.
Panzement
been devised to
link those point.
functioning g.
units. The equip.
ment. for this we.‘
slso furnished by
the Western
Electric

riy, but because d

has I

Coinpa-~, .

Its secret nature _

no details can he

, made public.

  

F
;,

 

a Ten Days Free Trial a

Let me send you 0 ._

air of my fmnoun "'l‘rm- I-‘lt. Shell Rim
gpectnrlvs Iluudruds of tlmu.-:unl.- now In
use 4-H-ry\vh-ro. 'l‘lxe.w .\'pl(’Ildl\l 1H:1.‘lSl‘S will
enahlp Huyone m n-nd the smallest print,
thread the tines: IIl‘l‘(”t’. see far or near and
prevent o-yvsxraln or lmutlm-hes. I! after try-
ing them for 10 (luys and nlglns you are
amazed and delighted. and think thmu equal
to glusse-.~a sold elsewheru at $l5.00, seml
only SL198: it you don‘: wamt to keep them.
return tlu-nr and (horn will he no <-hurgv.
bend no money; Pay no C. 0. 1).; simply
your muuv. mldross and age, and state Ills-
length of time you have worn glmsoﬂ. If
xmy. A lyemnltul \'elVr>tet*n llm-rl, guld—]el-
gm-ml .\‘pm‘t:n-le Cause FREE‘.

L‘. R. SPECTACLF. CO.
17:28 “'. Adams St. Dept l'.S. 889, (‘hlcrIKo. Ill,

 

 

¢——

PERSONAL
APPEARANCE

Il now In 0 re
than ever the
k e y - n o t +- or
uneven. Boy-
Los {ed and
Knock - Knead
men and wom-
en. both young
nnd old. will
be glad to hear
thlt I .1: I He
now ready for
» market my new-'
up ll :1 n c e‘.
sut‘c(-sﬁfully strnlg zen within
3 short time how-lezgedness ruul knock-
kneed legs. nnfvl',\'. qnlvkly and penna-
ne-ntly-. without pain. operation or rll~r---m-
lurt. \\'lll um interfere with your daily
work, lwing worn ut lfwht .\ly new “Lim-
Strulglmmr.“ “(Id("| l\. l'. >‘. Patent. A3 6&3!
to udju.-It; its rosull will save you soon from
turtln-.r hmnillmlnn. nml 1mpr0V’e YOU? P01‘-
mnnl apps-nranoe 100 pc-r cent. -

\\'rm- I(Ill:l)' for my frvv vv-pyrlghted DH!‘-*'
lologlvnl zmd xu)nl4-Inlml lmok W1l‘(:l| 38”‘
you how to correct bow and knock-kmu-d
log: without any ol-llgntlou on your DH”-
Enclose a dime fur po.~‘l:IK9 '

.\(. 'l'lHLE'l‘\'. SP!-:(‘.l.\LlS'r
$7 L, Ackoﬁnnn Building, Blnxhunton. N. Y.

 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  

whloh will

      
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

   
 

1 If

Promo une ugunn
hold~np. rowdies, etc. with
this clever cigarette cue
oi llght weight metal. Look;
exnctly like the real thing! Pull
the triner back nm the nu
Ihowlng g

full Dackaze or your
_ cigarettes. Lots of
fun scnrln your

friends. an a great
_ protector. Sold nxcln.

  

PATIFIIDEI 00 Beat P133 :14 sun; gm 5,. y“

TIIBAGOD

Habit Cured or No Pay

A 5 ,'gnn,' (3.. - -
 3...‘. "° c..:'.;'.r.:':::'.':..'.:.:::.'££

as-s1.oo am cures. Noam. if in nu.

C0. II-21. Bnmuau. Md.
. §.9."a°Ss2..':'l’.L';..‘§‘n3.§Z'.$‘.;£°'.'L‘.‘
Ddivofldvruru ' 3.9153 .§

Fnctory Prices. {rum 51125.3 up.

Q I! d-u2rod.Pnr¢n¢x 9 .7
...§.=.!..h..4.s>.9.t.'-.,..-«v;.=~-~—«:~==

T“-cs '1'-uh. ‘sans-. born: 2

hot! nuns! prtc0l.$OI3d Monty.
I Wrho {at our nnrnlaul axles. “J urn‘,

 

IMAKE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS

[Nuts and (‘ha-wing Gum. Be my agent.
Inn-rylnutly will buy from you.
Free Samples.
.\llL'l'0.\‘ GORDON
189 Jackson St.. Olncinnntl. Ohio

EEEPLE

Ac-no uannontho£uoucIndy.Burbu-Iltch.
Ecuma. Inrnedlhuu and Oilycrshlny Skin.
FREE 3'.{'°&.°."."'.-"no'.‘$'. §'in"“--—e.»'°°"""nm't

en:-ad nyulldcckini nlidigglynn.

:.s.nuv:us.m emu It-Janus cu;-.uo.

2!.‘ STEIN

‘ &
nutuxxnvlnux

  
  

  

. Opt: out over
""-'-coma zen‘ color

|.i§AY..Eﬂ.I..ElL.

4ouoA'm..su-oy

   
   

     

boungéhu

 
    

 

us.‘

Write today. '

  

 mg or at 5 5;; 5 5 35 333-: $3: 3 n §

‘in West :34 Ghost

   

   

ii-‘AM’E AND i-‘OR1'LiNE

—— LATEST ISSUES -——
046 Fame Before the Fooitlights; or. The Boy Who
Boased the"l‘heatre.
947 Lnrky Lee the Oilice lioy; or, The Nervieat Lad II
New York

948 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young Messenger.

940 Plwhinz It Through: or. The Fllto of a Lucky Day.
050 A i;-éfrziespeeulator: or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

. t. A

051 The Way to Sllooeasz or. The Bny Who not There.

952 Struck Oil: or. The Bov Who" Made a Million.

053 A Golden Risk: or. The Young Miners of D4-Ila

rune
N54 A Sure \‘/inner; or. The Boy Who Went Omit With a
Circus. ’

For sale by all newadeolere. or will be sent to any ad-
dren on receipt 9! price, 71:. per copy, in money or poe-
tnaa atuupe. V

‘IKE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS
955 Golden Fleece: or. The Boy Brokers oi’ Wall Street.
956 A Mad (Zap Svhenm: or. The Boy Treasure Hunters

of (‘none inland. '
957 Adrift On the_World; or. Working His Way to For-

’ ' tun

e.
1168 Playing to Win: or. The Foxioat Boy in Wall Street

959 Tatters; or. a Boy From tho Slums.
A Young Monte Crlsto; or, The Richest Boy in the
World.
won by Piuck: o , The Boys Who Ran :1 Railroad.
" Beating the here; or. The Boy Who Couldn't
Be Done. ‘
A Rolling Stone; or. The Brighten; oy on Rs-mrd.
Nevveﬁ Say Die: or. The Young Sn or of Happy
a ey.
Btéaa of the Market: or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
t t ‘

roe .
The Chance of His Lite; or. The Young Pilot at
Crytal Lake. -
Btﬁiving tor Fortune; or. from Bell-Boy to Million-

. re.

Out for Busineesﬁ or, The Smartest Boy in Town.

Agl:avorite of Fortune; or, Striking it Rioh in Wall
. fret. I

Through Thick and Thin: or, The Adventurea of I
Smart Bo .

Doing Hit .191 But; or, Workin His Way Up.

Alwaya on Deck: or. The Boy ho _Made Hie

Marx. »
.AB)ii‘r‘1t of Money: or. The Young Wall Street
PO PI’. ,

The Ladder of Fame: or, From Oillce Boynio
Senator. . A
On the Square: or. The sum-ens oi‘ an Hnneat Boy.
Aftena Fortune: or. ‘line Pinek Boy in the Wolf.

Vbwnnlinghthti. dollarI:_ or .'l‘he otmg Wonder of
ee ' -
Main]! Hie Mark; or. The Boy‘ Who .B_ee‘ame

P id
!={ei::'toﬂa“.Hiilion: or. The_ Boy Who Was Born
1.3:: ihthe Ahdea; or. The Treasures of the Buried
H

on Iii»: Meﬁie: ‘or. A Plucky Boy in Wall Street.

-A Lucky Chance: or. ‘rating Fortune on the Win.

’1‘l:e Rtoad t: success; or. The Career of a For-
nna e . .

Chasinir Pointers: or, The Luckieat iioy in Wall

Street. ‘
D95 Rising’ in ‘he World; or. From Factory Boy to

IXIIIGP.

' ,3 from Dark to Dawn: or‘. A‘ Poor Boy’: Chance.

nuts? 3. wonrr. rubunm, Inn.,
New York City

\

HOW TO
WRITE

mg. Enact for call! ‘I

" t at c angel
bookhofionctag‘-<?on.£m?i:nm:;d maximal 0!

y_ Lennon covering "B!
In: nae by an N:3p;a ‘ad I"
‘oz:-an  and

-.a:-geiiirsr  1'» iv

. .
t

    

- z

 

WEEKLY OUR TEN-CENT HAND "BOOKS ,

Uaefnl, Inatrnctive, and Alnuaing.
Valuable lniornatiu an A

No. 57.

—]~‘ull directions how t

Aeolian

    
 

  

..
4»,

   

‘ﬂwanhh.

   

Every Subject

  

 

 

How To MAX; MUSICAL 
0 make a Banjo.

Xylophone and other In

    

 
   
 

 

 
 

No. 58.
King Brad
down sum
and also

well—known detectives.

No. 60.

Containing
and how to work it
Magic Lantern Slides and other TI'&llSDB!'PII(‘i
somely illustrated.

N0. 64.

.(‘ontaiuinz full
vhinea. induotinn
to he worked by ele<'tri<!it_v.- By
illustrated.

No. 65.

humor.
ronundrim
hu mnrist,
No. 67

mining a large oolleotion of
amusing eiectrir-al, trit-kn. tom-the
By A. Anderson. ,.‘ -

No. 68. HOW’ TO DO (‘HI-‘.MI(‘.-I-L
Mining over one hundred highly amnsi

tivs-. tricks

No. 89.

‘ magicians.

Fully illustrated.

N0. '12.

 

No. 13.

‘Showing many ‘onrio
0! numbers. By A. Anderson.

No. '74.

Containing full inat

most any

HAN D.——(‘

aid of lines of
Also the ueoret 0
marks, nears. etc.

 
 

No. ‘I7.

now To no i'on'rv'-I-mote .w
CABDs.——C-mtalniu deceptive Card Tricks aalpedera
hy iﬂllliillg conju
home amulement.

No. 79.

 
 
 

actors on

an.
No. M.
the latest

handsome

the author. — I
._ No. 82. HOW&'0 D0 PALMlti‘!‘BY.—-(‘
most approved methods of reading the linen on the

 

twenty years handmaater of the Royal

book ever published.
it r-ontains :1 large collection of songs. joke;

eomely illustrated. -

talninz over fifty of the-.‘ latest and heat. t
bracing all of the

'. tricks. with illustration

. with ‘a ecimen. letters.

complete inutruotiona how to make up for

Stage Manager. Prompter. S4-onio Artist and Properlaj

world-renowned German

 

Bﬂlitlll Marlnea. 7'
ROW 10 mucous A m.r.'r1=:c-rrvn.-— ole 3”‘
Y. the world-known detective. in which he lay: .
9 valuable and senaihie rules for begin]: _
relates some adventures and experienceaaay
HOW TO BECOME A PllO'l'0GRAPHER.-'-
uaeful information regarding the Camera

; also how to make Photographic
es. Band-

o MAKE r:ucc'rRI(‘.u. MAcn!!rl:a,.
«ireotions for making electrical ma-
r-oils. dynamos. and many novel ton
R. A. R. Bennett. runy

8.l0KF:8.—The moat. orir l I‘
and it is hrimful ofgl::t—’:n<;H

    
  
 
  
    

HOW 'I'

 
     

   

.\I'UI.DO0N'

  
    
   
 
   
   

ls. otrx. o! Terrnnoo Mnidoon. the great_wtt,

and nrar-tirai joker of the day.

now T0 no m.rcc1.-nuxu. 1-rm:xs.———(‘oe-, V

instructive and high}: -"0-._~
r with iilustrationl..». -

'l'BIcK‘s.—-l'?‘on.(_
oz and inntruea.
By A. Anderson. Bani:
HOW TO DO SLllGH‘l‘-0!'-HAND.-&I-

rk-ks used by
aecond sign.

now To no SlX‘I'Yc'|"Bl('K8 wrrﬁitrfeanna. 1L _’

    
  
   
  
 

with chemicals.

  
  
 

   

 
   
  
 

Also containing the secret oi‘

   

  
  
        

latest and most, 11
S. ’
D0 TRICK! WITH NVXBIBI.-e
us tricks with ii urea and the magﬁ
ruiﬁ iilnstgntqﬂ. _
WBITI LETTERS. IRICTIR
I-‘uctiona for writing letters on 
li1i)1N‘i‘; also rulee for -punctuation and com

 
   
  

1-

HOW TO

HOW TO

  

    
 
   
   
 

.-ro ‘rum. FORTUNES nr >1?‘
ontaininz rules for telling fortune-a h -
ﬁlm hand. or the aecret of .-palm

t.llifftn.. 2 idot "
*;n.:'.*:..':...'° "W 9" "°'-~

   

    
 
   

d m i.i . A
F'llii_\'a’iiil.‘Iltl"‘9‘Yif(i..u“ rant” W"

HOW TO nlcconn: A.\' A("l'0R.—43onhlnhQ7
Va;-tool dug.
the mute; riutiea of

together with the

     
   

GUS WIIALIAMW JOKE BOOK.-—-('ontalna_

jokes. anecdotes and funny atoriea oi‘_ ~1-
onmiian. Sixty-tour ‘

,ntain.inx a half»ioI|o_pboto'av_

   
 
 

 

colored cove

 
  

 

  

  
 
   
  

t h
'1". ‘Is’. at?
NO. M.

   
  

In: information regarding choice of enhjoeta, the

nd the manner of proper! ' -
manure pt. -Also containing valuable in! ,
th:hx:‘eatnaaa. iegibility andjeneral composition
ac .

words

l.‘or Dale

addreu onreceint ofﬁﬂﬂ. 10¢.

  

together with a full explanation of their meaning. -

explaining phrenoiogy. and the key {or telling V
the bum a on the head.

Fully il unrated. ~

 

By hen lingo K ‘

HOW TO BECONI AN AlZ"l'I§IQ—COl
IQ‘

   
      
  
 
  
 

as and:
It

uyutuowoaoua-g.csnn

  

«*.:.-:3:
in noaayer many; by ‘ "

   

  

 44'

., ,é
/.»—"”"£ ’

  