BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
i ‘I N OCTOBER 10, 1924

" "Price 8 Cents

E‘E°eB"   3

" appened. The dr upped in to beneath
his weight. As Travers came tumbling to the floor he caught sight of several
grotesque ﬁgures rising from behind the shelter of the empty barrels.

   MAGAZINES. Wits   A
 %%0IItof¥rﬁ%fi¥3§€sﬁ*‘ﬁ°*¢3sV9ﬁ'3P¥h* % ¢
 cefntbri N; 3'-,; ~

   

 4.. You A Radio Fan? Read Page 24.

 
  

the Post-Oﬂice at New York. N.

 ll-‘AME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

‘Issued V|'eekl!—5V-Sulmcriptlon price. $4.00 perv yea}! Canada, $450; l~‘oroign,'$5.m. Harry l-2. wow. Pnhlislu-r, llI(',, inc. —-_
West 23d Street, New York, E\. Y. Entered as Sr-cond-Class-: .\l:mor, 0:-ml-er_ 4, 19 _ 3 J35‘ 
s'.. under the Act 0! March 3. 13.9. | 2 ,3 IQAJ

 

    

       
      

No. 4993

CﬁAP'l‘ER I.-Shows How Tomi Travers Stuck
‘ * Up for Patty Penrose.
%, I can easily see. _Same old story, I_ s’pose-2’
_”NathanLI§emp or his sister has been abusing you,
asnsna ’ -
.’Tht|sPspokeIstalwart Tomgravers, slixtienl years
. to atty enrose, a pre y, ros -c ee e miss,
. came to a pause before the oorway of the
_ g 'th’s shop on the suburb of Barmouth,
, " ‘ he stood with his coat oil’ and his sleeves
 up beyond the elbow. On this particular
' , , now mergin into dubslk, he héd been
A ’ Jack Harding. t e yqun a ksmi . but a
' tire on awagon w eel, andﬁq ' _
aglow while Harding fa_sh_ione sundry pieces
 into shapes for repairing various agricul-
, _,§'3b_ujral implements that lay about the shop. bl k
"'5' /' sto d to frequenting the ac -
;f"s,w:vh:xi:c he d:?1afsn"th oult). ﬁshi ,_ or tiailinhg
-v seekers wn e ayin is s unc,
‘ r-built boat, Seadrift——not because he had
idea of learning _the trade, but because Jack
u : was one of his best friendsas well as his
‘ ive brother-1n-law. '1‘or_n inﬁnitely pre-
,. the water to any occupation on shore, but
 becahus; ﬁle %1at¢il1inlli1<aar(';ted Elie same lotvge
eseawic is 1: er in isownyon.
‘ous to the beginnin ‘of this story
rEzl1)'1a?Yl‘)ravers sailed‘ from hostgnf for Rifo
’ , but h's hr-i was never ear rom a -
if ENA quarlter bat with the vessel's !_13!ne.
‘Dean. together withsome pieces of drifting
were picked up off the coast of Sout
. . an American  bound north, and
‘ 5 '—«:.p that the brig ad gone down with
w , in a. heavy gale. _
emu;-1. T11-iavelﬁn ﬁnally gave up"all hope of
er us a
to dr natigv: towng.§Barmouth, an
Imeben. '3 so gs
«w e arbor. ‘ ere e o
" ' ‘ "°”3"i.° °“ “‘“u"’°"..l.°’a‘;‘.v“‘€£‘.§'i..‘i§‘..‘i§
children. Tbm an¢Dora who thought no
:1}; the world half so sweet. Dora, who
  dressrnakxn and

  

 
 

    
 
   

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

with

   
  

   

NEW YORK, ’» OCTOBER 10, ‘I924

_ J  EYE TO BUSINESS

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

;.“What's the matter, Patty? ‘You’ve been c1'y- ‘

ept the forge‘

in, she, removed from.

purchased_ a littl '. old- ,

 1 ,

Price 8 Cents.

       

though ambitious and energetic, was not settled at
any deﬁnite occupation, chieﬂy because his mother
and sister had insisted that he finish his schooling
at the Barmouth Academy.

Howeve'r. he managed to make many a dollar
with his boat during the summertime, for, though
he liked—to enjoy himself in boyish sports as well
as any of his associates, he still had an eye to
business when there was anything to be made.
Tom. was a general favorite with the girls of the
town, but he thought more of Patty Penrose, a’
sweet little orphan who had been brought up hv
one Nathan Kemp and his maiden sister, than all
the others put together. Patty led a bitter hard
life of it in the Kemli household, and her unen-
viable lot .- strongly appealed to Tom's chivalric
nature. . -

‘ On the afternoon of the day our story opens, ‘
Patty, after washing all the morning, set to work_
to iron the clothes she took off the line in the
yard. She had almost ﬁnished the work, when she
accidentally burned the corner of one of Miss Pris+  k.
cilla’s handkerchiefs. The maiden lady, being in " -
a particularly bad humor that day, attacked the »
girl in a savage way and drove her from the
house. Patty ﬂed down the road, and before she.
realized how for she Hadtﬁone was in the neigh-‘ ’
borhood of Harding’s,§mi y. She saw Tom Tre-
vers standing in the doorway, and instinctively
she ran to him ‘for protection. He greeted her
with the words that open this chapter. Patty
looked at him with swimming eyes and thm
buried her face in her apron. , V

“Don’t cry, Patty," said Tom, soothingly. “It *
just makes me mad to think of the way the Kemp:
treat you. They ought to be ashamed of them- _
selves, but it doesn't seem to be in them. I wish I
you'd pack u your things and leave them. Mother .- 4 ’
and Sis wo d be glad to take you until you got I
decent place." . . ~

"I can’t leave them, indeed I can’t,” sobbed the

irl. _“Miss Priscilla would kill me if she the t ‘
had any such.idea."‘ “

“Ho!” exclaimed. Tom, in a resolute tone.
you leftwthem Pd like to see Mr."K .
sister dare to interfere with you“ Y ’
to put up with their abuse. They he
1“ ' . '

_ 

f

   
         
    
       
       
         
   
   
     
     
      
       
      

  

       
     
   
      
 
      
   
   
 
 
    

 

 
   

 . ingly.
'vor.
' forge. You’ll be safe there if you don’t move.”

i‘ﬁ¢ntothe.bells!

 

2 AN EYE TO BUSINESS

' Kemp says if I dare to leave them he’ll have me

put. in the lock-up.”

“He said that, did he? He couldn’t do any such
thing.”

At that moment Tom, happening to glance up
the road, saw Nathan Kemp approaching at a
rapid gait.

“Come inside, Patty,” he said, taking her by the

8

rm.

“No, no; I must go back.”

“I wouldn't advise you to go back yet, for Mr.
Kemp is coming down the road as fast as he can,
and he w6uld probably make your return journey
mighty unpleasant.” ‘

"Hide me,” she cried in a tone of terror, spring-
ing into the shop. “Don’t let him see me.”
“I won't if I can help it,” he replied reassur-

“It’s getting dark, and that’s in your fa-
Here, hide in that dark corner behind the

Jack Harding, 3. big, strapping, handsome fellow
with muscles suited to his calling, a hard work-
er, thrifty and kind-hearted, was beating out a
bit of glowing iron on the anvil. He laughed as
he saw Patty ﬂy behind the forge, and easily
guessed the cause that prompted the action. Both
he and Tom had often talked about the pretty
young orphan, and wondered why she didn’t give
Nathan Kemp and his vii-ago of a sister the shake.
As Patty disappeared, and Tom, to further shield
her, took hold of the loose handle of the bellows
and began to work it up and down, the Barmouth
ﬁre-bell be an to ring, not anlalarm, but a merry
peal, and e sound was immediately taken up by
the church bells, and soon the early evening air
quivered with their brazen throats.

This was the Barmouth custom of ushering in
the Fourth of July, and it was soon followed by
sundry sharp reports, mellowed by distance, show-
ing that Young America was waking up to the
responsibilities of the occasion. It was at this
moment that a small man, with a smoothly shaven

‘ face and uiiprepossessing cast of countenance, ap-

peared at the doorway. Mr. Kemp was secretary
of a Boston association which.inai_ntained a_ fund
for providing the heathen with articles tending to
their spiritual and bodily welfare. He went to
the metropolis three or four times a week with
unfailing regularity, and though he looked poor
he was not, for everybody in Barmouth knew that
he had a fat balance in tlie town bank. He stood
for a. moment in the doorwa glaring at Jack
Harding and Toni ravers, th of_ whom he
cordially detested. Th young blacksmith dropped
his arms to his sides and returned the compliment
by staring with right good will at him. _
"Good evening, Mr. Kemp,” said Jack, c_heerily.
“I suppose that you are prepared to enioy our
national holiday with the rest of us?"
"I enjo a holiday?" retorted Nathan Kemp,
sourly. “ o! I have no time for such foolery.”
.“You might do worse,” Harding observed. “I

I - wish I could have the whole day to myself, but I ‘

have such a stack of work on hand that I'll be

I  busy most of the morning, at any rate."

“It‘will keep you out of  and out money
in your pocket,” replied the visitor, c ly. “Lis-
The bedlainites who pull the

1'opesoughttobe‘flogged forinakingsuch an un-

. ieartliiy racket. Bah! I have no patience with
, suchiionsense.” ,. »~ -
~",For my"-own.pa,i-t, I love  o£..

9“

u.-
x;
,.

   

bells,” replied Jack.
and never lie.
nation freed from the yoke of tyranny over a hun-
dred years ago—-a nation which to—day is the
greatest and most prosperous on the face of the

“I hate such

globe.”

“Bah!” snarled Nathan Kemp.
sentiments.”

.“It seems to me you hate everything that is
kind and good, Mr. Kemp,” returned the young
blacksmith, curtly. “What do you want here?”

_“I’m looking for that lazy, good—for-nothing
girl of ours—Patty Penrose. I thought maybe
she ran in here. It's like her to do such a thing.
Perha s she is hiding here, for all I know."

Nat an Kemp strode forward as if to cross the
forge, but Harding blocked the way.

“What should bring her here at this time of the
evening?” asked the blacksmith, with a searching "
look at the unwelcome intruder. I

“She ran out of the house half an hour ago
and left her work half done, because my sister
chided her for ruining a pocket handkerchief.
She’s an idle, careless——-” ‘

“Stop, Mr. Kemp; you can't abuse Patty Pen-
rose in my presence,” exclaimed Tom Travers,
coming forward.

“Oh, I can't, eh?” sneered the visitor. -

“No! I won't stand for it,” said the boy
threateningly.

“I’d like to know what business it is of yours?”

“It’s the business of every decent man or boy
to protect the good name of an honest 'rl when
the occasion arises," replied Tom, stout y. “You
treat that girl as you would treat a dog, if you
had one—you and your sister. You both ought to
be ashamed E yourselves. Mark my words: the
blows and harsh words you hand out to her will
some day recoil on both your heads."

“How dare you talk to me in that fashion!"
sputtered Nathan Kemp, in’ sudden anger.

“I’m not afraid to tell you to your face what I
think of you, you old cormorant!" cried Tom, an-

a

grily.
“Easy, Tom, easy,” interposed Harding, laying

_ “They have honest tongues -
To-night they are telling us of a _

his hand on the boy's shoulder. - ,_ *

“You're an impertinent young puppy!” roared
Mr. Kemp, glaring at Tom Travers. “If I had my ,
way with you, you should be ﬂogged till you ‘.
begged for mercy. It is a thousand pities there
isn't a law that would punish you that way.”

“Thank you_for your kind wishes‘, Mr. Kemp,‘
but things are not coming your way at resent.
You don’t like plain speaking, but it has one me‘
good to tell you what’s in my mind. If I had any- ,

v.

-.4

‘u

"‘r

thing—to say, Patty Penrose wouldn't darken your ~ '
doors again. If she had no other place to go, she  

could have the shelter of our home.
to see you try to take her away from there. I’d‘

run you out so quick it would make your head I: ,

swim. .

“I'll dpa you for this conduct, you yloung cub!" "
snorte ‘ atlian Kemp, in a rage. “I remember
everything you've said. I give you w '
to harbor that girl,,d’ye understand?
I'll have the law on you. As for her, the jadel,
my sister-willattacndtoherwhenslie_ﬁetsbockto.
the house. She'll get soinethin

I should like 1* _ '

Ifyoudo.

 

T :2 5
/

  
 

:1

she
for a mouth," cried the visitor, vIridictively.«"Pri'a.- _’ I:

cillluvill make .du,nco.a lively step, I

    
 
 

  

: yon. She'll have cause to remember this after-
. '~ noon for the rest of her life." _

“If you dare to beat her,” shouted Tom, making
a furious rush at Nathan Kemp, “I'll break every
bone in your body.”

Jack Harding grabbed -the angry boy and held
him, while the visitor, frightened by Tom’s words
and manner, beat a hasty retreat from the black-

smith shop. '-

.:~" CHAPTER II.-—Nathan Kemp Calls at the
‘. ‘ . Travers Cottage.

“Cool down Tom,” said Jack Harding, with a
_ smile; “don't et your anger get the better of you.
I‘f'-‘you had struck Nathan Kemp he’d have you in
5 ' to-morrow, and you'd lose your holiday, not
’ speaking of the disgrace it would be to-your moth-
" " 9 er and sister as well." _ .
‘' ‘‘That’s right, Jac ,” replied Tom, cooling oil’.
.. “Thanks for holding me in. I was mad enough
. to have smashed him in the jaw. I can't stand it
' to hear him make threats against Patty. She's
the best little girl in the world-&”
 :.. “Except your sister, Dora, of course,” laughed
— ack, who was engaged to Miss Travers.
- ,‘ “She and Dora stand on the same level with
- me,” said Tom, with a ﬂushed face. “Now, look
here, Jack, we must persuade Patty not to go back
to the Kempe, but come r to my house and stay.
 I ».If she goes back, and th beat her, I swear I'll
v-”.’ thrash that old villain within an inch of his life,
~-._"‘ if I do go to jail for it,” said the boy in a tone
»* ,. that showed he meant every word he spoke.
“No, Tom, ou‘mustn’t_get into trouble on my
account," sai a sweet voice at his shoulder, and
A turning he saw Patty standing there with a look
° ‘ of gratitude shining in her eyes.
:‘P,a’tty," said Tom, “you heard what Mr. Kemp

“Eve word,” with a little shudder. _
9 “You w what you've got to expect if you go
back. You mustn't go back."
Patty shook herhead sadly. »
“How can I avoid‘ it‘!" she asked plaintively.
“No matter where I might go, he would come af-
, tar me and compel ”
.. .,; “I'd like to see him compel you," burst out the

 
 

  
  
  
   
 
   
    
    
 
  
   

. _ no,’ 'l'om,5yon must_n’t interfere/—-indeed
 mustn’t,” belghgaed the girl. “It would make
no dreadfully u ’ppy if you got into any trou-

.. Those Kemps have sat on you
 emugh." .
“I'll tell you what on might do,” said Jack. “I
daft believe that athan Kemp has any legal
 on Patty. She couldgo and stay at your
house until the.day after the Fourth. Then you
could go to the ma strata and have Mr. Kemp
to aptpear be ore him to show cause why
he Ihouldn be put under bonds to treat the girl
‘ 4 give u all claim to her services. If
tell r stor I think the Kemps
pretty small be are the public."

 

' j . idea," said Tom, eagerly. "Will
60  atty?” .'~ *
‘don't know,” she answered doubtfully. “_I’m

AN EYE TO BUSINESS ' 3

“You don't want to be afraid of anything.

You’ve got Jack and me at your back, and Mr. -

Kemp "won't dare make any trouble for you. V If
ﬁe tried to, well, say, we wouldn't do a thing to
im.”

Finally Patty, who was clearly afraid to return
to the Kemp home. was persuaded to agree to the
proposal suggested by the young blacksmith, and
shortly afterward she accompanied _'l‘om to his
mother’s cottage, where she was kindly received
by Mrs. Travers and Dora, who had long felt zi
great sympathy for the friendless girl. That
night after supper it was agreed that Patty
should make her home with them if an arrange-
ment could be forced upon Nathan Kemp and his
sister. Tom was tickled to death to think that
Patty Penrosewas probably going to make her
home at the cottage.

In that event he «would be able to see and talk
to her every day, and take her out sailing with
him in the Seadrift, and for walks during the
long summer evenings. While picturing the fine
times they were going to have together he fell
asleep and dreamed that he and Patty wene sail-
ing around the world together in the boat with
nothing in sight but the light blue sky and deep

lue sea. A series of deafening explosions aroused
him suddenly, to ﬁnd that it was morning and
that the Fourth of July had come. Tom popped
out of bed and looked out of the window. There
were several of his Academ schoolmates outside
in the backyard amusing t emselves by tossing
giant ﬁrecrackers just under his window.

“Hello, fellows!” cried Tom. “What time is it?”

“Five o’c1ock. Get up and come down.”

So Tom dressed himself in a hurry, made a
hasty toilet, and joined his friends. He. had a
box full of giant crackers himself stowed away in
the woodshed. Getting them; he started oil with
his companions for the public square called the
green. For the next two hours the Barmouth
green was a scene of smoke, noise and general ex-
citement."By_ that time nearly all the boys had
exhausted their supply of explosives, and the fun
had come to a pause until they had had their
breakfasts and touched their parents for extra
money to buy a fresh outﬁt. Tom started for the
cottage in company with a boy named Downey
Davis, who lived near him.

“I see the Night Hawks have turned‘op again-,”
said Downey, as they walked along. .

“Who told you?” asked Tom.

“Constable Spriggins was talking to my father
about them last evening. He said they broke into
the Stansbury postoﬂice the other night and car-
ried off all the stamps there was in the place, as

well as looting the store. They came and went-— _.

four of them——in a red auto. On the next night
Deacon White’s house was entered and robbed of
a lot of silverware and jewelry. It must have

been the same gang, for four men, disguised with _
,green birds’ heads, were seen crossing the bridge
‘ in a r o - ‘

I th mﬁtorhcaré"
‘_‘ g t t ey’ gone away f_oz- ood f u;
neighborhood after the reward wags oﬁerrfdltfog
their «capture three months ago."

“That’s what everybody thought, I guess, They
Suddenly d!58PP¢3l‘€d. and that was the last heard

of thegi until the Stansbury post-ofﬁce wgg

“I suppose they’re a  Boston

_‘..

 
   
    

    
  
   

, “They may be from New York, for all we
a know."

’ “That’s right, too,” nodded Tom.
"I wonder why they wear green
“As a disguise, of course.” ‘
“I should think masks would answer ever so

much better.”

“That’s their business.” -

“What do you s’ se those heads are made of?”

“Poplar-mache, guess. That’s what theyhiake
those funny heads of they use in spectacular
‘ pieces on the stage.” I . _

“Is that 50?” said Downey Davis, “What is

. papier-mache, anyway?”

“It’s a hard substanceamade of a pulp from

— rags or paper mixed with glue or size. In its soft

~ state you can form it into an kind of shape you
 want to by means of molds. fter it gets hard it

‘ retains its shape like plaster of paris.”

The two boys separated at the gate of the
Travers cottage, and Tom went around to the
" kitchen entrance.

Patty, looking uncommonly fresh and pretty,
was ing herself generally useful -in the

kitchen.

 “Hello, Patty,” exclaimed Tom. “You look
i sweet enough to kiss this morning.”

‘V Patty blushed like a full-blown rose and es-
‘caped into the dining-room, where Tom found his
 mother and sister, and breakfast almost ready.

birds; heads?”

  

  

"have you ever had trouble with the milk at the
, Temps ?”
,°!é:Sometimes, when the weather had been extra
 .h 'or after at thunder-storm."
.“,Why did you ask, such a »foolish question,
ram?" asked his sister. " -
' _ “Well, I thou 1: probably every time Miss Pris
teilla Kemp loo ed at ,it it turned sour.” M
* Patty laughed outright, while Mrs. Travers and
Dora smiled. They had just ﬁnished when there
 ,a vigorous ring at the door-bell.
A’ : 5'1 wonder who. that can be?” asked Dora.
_ Patty looked apprehensive; ‘ _
v“Maybe it‘s the old villain himself,” said Tom.
, 2-_"'I‘he old who?” exclaimed his sister. I .
“Nathan Kemp." , ~
V , Dora. answered the ring, and sure enough there
.03 the doorstep stood Mr. Kern ,_ his face looking
like three days of rainy wea er.
~‘fIs Patty Penrose.here?” he asked sourly.
She is," ans Dora.
“Then send her to me, please." ‘ __
Will you walk into the parlor?”
- I have no time to s are, ' he replied sulkily.
. M "I will tell Patty you ave called for her. Please
 in while I ‘go foriher.” j_,_
"Ragtime:-. against-his will, Nathan Kemp com-
shown into the little parlor, which
ornamentedlwith family ortraits, marine,

   

  
 

   
   
 
   

  
     

    

tin , and enrlositiesof al kinds from the
A thatl Captain Ezra Travers had_ gath-
 his many‘ cars of seafaring life.
acre some s. Travers entered the
drip 1 ped tojzis feet and glared at
$7..   -  i

    

I . ‘AN’ IEYIEI T0 IBUSINESS

,“Say, Patty," asked Tom, during the meal, _

‘ he knew that ofﬁcial would not be at his
' his

, ¥om.hoveri_nz ‘on the 

    


Patty shrank away from him.

“‘I don't want to go back.” . ~ '  - .
' “I don't care what you want,” he said threaten‘-5 Ti.
ingly. “You will have to answer for your conduct
when you ‘get back.” '5

“You are only frightening the girl,” interposed ;
Mrs. Travers. - _

“Madam,” replied Nathan Kemp, “the girl 
longs to us.” . T  "

“You speak as if you thought you owned her,”
replied Tom's mother, gently.

-“We own her services until she is eighteen-—,
that’s the law,” replied the visitor, in a tone cal-‘.
culated to impress his hearers. ' 5 =

“Patty says that she is not happy at your... 3
house, Mr. Kemp.” . * ‘
‘ “It makes little difference to us what she says,-_
madam. If you knew her as well as we do you
would take little notice'of her words. But I have 2
no time to spare. Come with me’, girl."  

Patty turned and rushed out of the room. S
had resolved to
to the Kemps.

 

 
  
   
    
        

6,’.
go to prison rather than go 

    
  

 
  
 

X

     
 

  

CHAPTER III.——Hermit Island.

 
     
 

“Madam,” said Nathan Kem , “I'll havejtb
trouble you tovbring that girl . ack."  '
“I am afraid she has determined not to return»
to your house," replied Mrs. Travers.
“If she doesn’t return volun rily I shall ‘
a constable to fetch her,” said M . Kemp,’ang ‘V
“If you ‘do that she'wi1l certainly appeal to
- magistrate.” ' ‘ ‘
“A magistrate, madam!” exclaimed Nathan
K°-"3‘r"' “"é‘§“" 1. both .1 es..
‘ es.. e says t at you an your '
have treated her harshly, and she showed me 1 ,
night ‘marks on her back which she says; .37 ‘
sister inﬂicted with a heavy strap. If she 
her case before a justice, Mr. Kemp, you will "alt.
to appear in court to try and refute her‘
men If the magistrate believes her story
will not be able to force her to return to»
house. Now, I think the easiest way is the-
for all parties. Let Pattya-——,” — = I ,.
“Madam,” interrupted Nathan Kemp, _
over with wrath, “I don't wish any advice air.
subject. I will send a constable here to 1 _ ,
her. If she dares talk magistrate to us, FH-
her the minxlf’ . ’ .;‘ -
e stalked to the door, followed by Mrs.

    
   
   

    
   
  
         
     
 
        
 

   
    
  
  
  
  
       
   
     
       
     
   
 

ers, and. having passed out, turned his steps
ward the residence of Constable Sprlggins;

    
  

   
    

the courthouse that day.
~ For fear that the consta
Patt , Tom dlcided

 

ble would come
to take her down the bag
D at; The"l'girlha tg to godvgth 
orapuupaunc or eman cf >
house about nine o'clock.   
I Tom had to go to Deer Island, some eig
dista_nt from Barmouth, anyway, late in
noon. to bring back a party he had‘ ta
the morning preg1ous‘t;) spend,a 
camp‘ t n atvtp t uei , .,
~isia'’§ iikigvny gay‘!":’ Patty

   
 
 
 
   

     
   
 
  

     
    
 

   
   
  
    
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
         

z

 enough weight in the breeze to make the boat
Smut her best foot forward,” replied Tom.
“ you going down to Deer Island?”
“‘Not right away. I've got to be there at four
’ . o'clock, so as to land the gentlemen in Barmouth
U in time to catch the 6.10 train for Boston.”
  . Tom hoisted the sail and ‘then cast off from the
‘» wharf. He headed for a small wooded island
2 about two miles off shore.
~ .‘"l'hat’s where Old Robinson Crusoe lived for
._.. ‘do many years,” said Tom, pointing the island
 out to her.
_. " . “Who was Old Robinson Crusoe?” Patty asked
" “He was an old chap who took possession of
an unfinished building that some hotel men started
,‘ -toput up on the island as a select inn for sum-
 boarders, but somehow the scheme fell
3% throu h and the house was never ﬁnished. The
' old f ow ﬁtted u a portion of the lower story
 suit himself, an dwelt there all alone for sev-
{Aral years, and then disappeared as suddenly as
' , he turned up. The boys nicknamed him Old Rob-
~’.inaon Crusoe.”
, ' “Is the house there yet?” asked Patty, with
;,¢'reat interest.
». /‘Sure it is-—exactly as he left it.”
._ “I should like to see it."
 “I'll take you ashore and shoyv it to you. We
 stay on the island until it is time f_oQrne to
 $ta.rt”down the bay after the party on Deer Is-
'  Fifteen minutes later Tom ran the Seadrift
in‘ “an indentation, tied the painter to a con-
. '. 1'. tree, and helped Pa to land.
- '4" “You can see the unﬁnishe second story of the
 from here," said Tom, pointing at the
 per part of an oblong structure which rose
 a thick row of trees in the center of the

  

     
   
   
   
 
   
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
 

“ ‘They walked through the grove until they
dune u‘ a big clearing, in the center of which
'.  e unﬁnished two-story ediﬁce which had
‘  planned for a summer inn, but which had

: come to nought. Tom and Jack Harding and
numbers of the Academy boys had been over to
. Jodk at the place after the hermit had vanished
"for parts unknown.

The recluse had made a table, a chair and
fatherirude furniture for himself out of material
5  from the uncompleted section of the build-
flag, and these specimens of his handiwork re-
-anuined as evidence of his occupancy of the
4,  When Tom pushed in the rude door
= which had been ﬁtted by the hermit he was, sur-
' to see four roughly fashioned chairs in-
 of one, and a table twice the size of the
ﬁne he had remembered seeing a month before.
!'here were other signs to show that the lace

" in actual use by several persons, or at east
g been lately occupied by squatters.‘ Tom point-
.» out the changes which he noticed "to Patty.
‘There's the original’ chair—-the one Old Rob-
Crusoe made and used. The others are
' creations. A new top has been added to
table, making it longer -and wider. Those
‘bottles, that jug, and a whole lot of things
_ were not here when Jack and I
. ‘over last.” ‘ .

9 ‘you thinkxthere are’ people living here,
' Patty. _ ‘_ v ~ .

  
     
   

AN EYE T0 BUSINESS 5

“Looks as if there might be; but there is no-
body around now, as far as I can see."

They walked all around the building, peeping
in here and there at the ground ﬂoor, but -no-
where save in the hermit’s section did there ap-
pear to be any change to Tom. He and Patty
strolled all over the little island, without ﬁnding
a sign of life on it.

“There's no one here now, at any rate,” said
Tom at last. “Whoever has been living here since
the hermit pulled up stakes must have left also."

They sat on the beach in the shade and talked
about one thing or another until midday came,
When, feeling hungry, they ate the lunch prepared
by Dora. Then Tom suggested taking to the
boat again. ,-

The breeze was lighter and the water smoother
than -before. From Barmouth were waited to
their ears faint sounds of the da 's celebration.
Over the bar, just beyond Deer sland, lay the
deep blue waters of Massachusetts Bay, dotted
with the white sails of many pleasure craft. The
Seadrift reached the small wharf on the sheltered
side of Deer Island about quarter past three
o'clock, and Tom suggested to one of the cam-
pers that it would be well to embark for Bar-
mouth at once, as the run back, owing to the fail-
ing wind, was likely to be longer than he had
counted on when he set the hour of departure
at four. '

The party agreed to leave the island right
away. About this time Tom noticed a peculiar
haziness in the air which warned him of the ap-
proach of a sea mist. He hurried the move-
ments of the party, and inside of ten minutes the
Seadrift had cast olf from the wharf and had her
nose pointed straight for Barmouth. Patty had
retired to the cabin, where she amused herself
with a book Tom provided her with.

' “Looks as if there was a mist rolling in yon-
der," remarked one of Tom's passengers, point-
ing to windward.

“There is,” replied the young skipper of the
Seadrift. “That's why I was in such a hurry
to get under way.”

The party was quite a -jolly one of Boston
clerks, and the prospect of getting caught in a
fog didn’t seem to worry them. The town was
straight ahead, and, fog or no fog, it didn’t seem
possible for them to miss it if the boat’s course
was kept as it was at present. _

They didn’t count on the inﬂuence of the tide,
or the failure of the wind, after it had come on
thick, to upset their calculations altogether. Ten
/minutes later Deer Island, now half ‘a mile astern,
the sky, and almost the sea itself were blotted
out one of those sudden fogs peculiar to the
New ngland coast.

The breeze had crept around to the north and
east, and this it was that had brought the fog
down so suddenly.

The boat sailed on through a bank of mist so
thick it seemed as if you could cut it with a knife.
After coverin what Tam fudged to ’be several
miles the win dropped all of a sudden, leaving‘
the Seadrift apparently mcﬁonless on the water.
The tide, however, was bearim them slowly alon
in a diagonal direction toward the small islan
once occupied by the hermit. . .

“We’ll never reach Barmouth in time -to catch

g the train at this rate,” remarked one of the clerks. ’ l _

 

\ ,

      
    
       
   

   
 

    

trying to pierce with his eyes the wall of white
fog which hedged in the sailboat.

/ “Then we'll have to take a later one," replied
another.

“What are the chances of our reaching shore in

 

party asked Tom.

V “Very little chance until the wind springs up

again and the fog lifts,” replied the young skip-

per of the Seadrift.
“That's encouraging," answered his passenger.

“Well, I suppose it cannot be helped.”

’ “You might all whistlq for the wind, like the
sailors do sometimes}: laughed Tom. _

The ﬁve clerks who made up the party imme-
diately began’ to whistle a popular air with all
their might. An hour passed awa and th dead
calm still prevailed. The boat dri ted near 1- and
nearer to the hermit island. Nobody, not e en the
young skipper; was aware of the ‘fact. A len h
the sun went down and dusk came on. The watc es
" of the party showed that the 6.10 train was well
on its way to Boston by that time.

“Judging from present prospects we may have
to stay all night on the bay,” said a clerk, dole-
fully. “Then we’ll catch it hot to-morrow for not
being at the bank on time.”

At that moment Tom caught sight of a light
shining dimly through the mist.

   
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
  

 

’ or
CHAPTER IV.—The F our'Birds.

- The light in question looked to be about twenty
feet or mole above the surface of the water, and
Tom thought it came from a lantern hanging at
‘ the masthead of some plleasure craft caught in the

fog like themselves. he other saw it presently

V and wanted to know where it-came from. Before
» Tom could make any reply the light moved away
a short distance and then came to a ,stop again,
Tiust "as if somebody had carried it. Tom was
, tsotnewhat puzzled at this phenomenon, for he was
almost certain they were not that close to the main

‘ $22. A large vessel,- high enough out of the
’ ‘water to account for the light being on her deck,
. seldom put in at Bamiouth—-—and 0 then when
wsomcthing was wrong with her. The onl land he
 could figure on as being in that nei hbor ood was
the hermit island,‘ and .if any
here the light would be much ower down. That
the way Tom reasoned it, until he suddenly
t of the unﬁnished building. .The light stood
at about the height of the second story, just above
 trees. At_that moment the light moved again,

‘suddenly vanished, and then came into. sight
itagain, disappeared once more, appeared again and
{By George!” Tom thought. ‘ _
time to that island, and somebody is in the second
II!1'.ﬁ£—Ohat house. Looks as if the people who

5* 4 ' ' the ,A back ' . The
‘ '1 7  rE:i:er:t1y wheifﬁtt and
 tliirmo1"11i'_nt~ NOW I‘kn0W W

  

  

  

  
  
    
 
  
 

mg; I ere we
act, audit ﬁaowas a wind I could run right
 any ’ tron e.’.'_

  

in AN EYE‘ T0 laiismass - , I

a reasonable time, young man?” the leader of the g

y was ashore .

“I’ll ‘bet we are l

   

. /(r

“We are aboht two miles from Bai-mouth,” Tom
told the leader of the party. - -

“If you know that, g:an’t you tell where that
light comes from'.”’,asked the man.

“It's on a small wooded island that you may
have remembered seeing when I took you out es- 
te_rday morning. I told you the story of the er-
mit who lived on it for two or t ree years in the
abandoned unﬁnished hotel buil mg.”

“Oh, yes. We had an idea of looking in at it on
our way back if we had time.”

“We are likely to drift ashore there, from all
indications,” replied Tom. “If a breeze wouldonly 
pipe up now I’d be able to land you somewhere
along the Bai-mouth shore inside of half an
hour.” ,

No breeze came, however, and they steadily
drew nearer to the light. Tom now went for- . 
ward with a boat hook to fend off from/the shore,
which he expected the boat would strike at an
moment. In few minutes he made out the dar ,' »
outlines of e island close aboard. Then the 
boat ﬂoated right into the same cove he had pu_t\ . .~.
into during_ the morning. Tom jumped ashore 
with the painter and tied it to the same tree.

“We might as well stay here until a wind comes
up,” he said. “We can't better ourselves. I'm
going over to the house to see who's there.” ‘

Tom stepped aboard to get the lantern which
hung ' e icuddy. He found Patty stretched .
out on o e of the lockers asleep. He lit the lan- -
tern, pulled the cuddy door partly shut afte; him,, 1
told. his passengers he -would be back in a short ‘
time, and then stepped ashore and started oﬂ in’
the direction of the unﬁnished building. The fog ’
lay thick among the trees and the light Tom car-
ried made little impression on it. He soon lost, 5
sight of the light on the upper floor of the house,
but, as he knew his way retty well, he had no‘. .
trouble in going direct to the clearing. )7" ‘
. There the fog hovered“-in a palpitating mass, .
andthrough one of the upper window openings he
again caught sight of the light. He walked around-«
to the end formerly occupied b the hermit and"
saw a lamp burning on the tab e. A number of’
Dlates. with the remains of a meal on them, ﬂank‘-4
ed by fourcups and saucers drained of their con‘,
tents, with four sets of knives and forks, and
other articles in keeping with the general  
play, lay about on the board. The butt of a half- .|.
smoked cigar projected from the edge of the,‘ »
table, and there was a dying ﬁre in the hermit’Ii
old cook stove, on which stood a common t
pot. On the ﬂoor lay a.frying pan in the midstio!‘
several broken egg shells. '- V * ..

“.Fou‘r persons ‘-have eaten supper here not log‘ ’ '
ago,” mused Tom, as he looked around the room;
“I wonder where they are at this moment?
he on the second ﬂoor where I saw the 1
What can they be doin up there? I don’t
sound from them. If -t ey weretramping
the building they would be sure to make a
I've no time to wait here for them to
I'll just take a squint upstairs and see if they _ 
there, and what they look like. P hahly tour
tramps who have stplen a boatapdo
here to pass the summer. _It’s very like 
ofgentrytodosucha_thing.”  '-

80 Tom left the hermit_’s living room andwah-
odarouid to a doorway in theunﬁaislied part;
the building. .1‘/_here was nothingito prevail; ’

\ N

R A‘ on‘
_.

  
      
     
       
         
    

      
 

  
  
      
    
    
 
    
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
  

    

       

  
      
    

 
     

     
    
     
  
  

from walking inside. The floor was littered with
 boards, and several large empty barrels
"stood around. In one corner was a large opening
' communicating with the cellar, while in the center
;' ‘of the rough ceiling was an oblong) opening that
*1‘ was clearly intended to be reached y a stairway.
» No stairway had been built when the work was
I . abandoned. At the present moment a ladder
reached up into it. This ladder had not been
‘there when Tom and Patty looked in that morn-
. ‘ . Tom, after ‘swinging his lantern at arm's
' length and seeing nothing, began to mount the
ladder to explore the floor above. He paused with
~ his head just above the ﬂooring. undecided
[whether he would go any further or not, for the
 was dark and silent as the grave. Appar-
: ently the island squatters were not there. The
' boy had an idea that this was the room whence
the ligit had proceeded from. There was no light
‘ there now, at all events. He ﬂashed his lantern
-‘_around, but could see only the bare boards.
 ’ “There’s nothing to see up here,” said Tom to
rat‘ - himself. ,
l‘  .He started to descend.» Then something the boy
 not calculated upon happened. The ladder
. ' ' pad .in two beneath his weight. as Travers
‘.  tumbling to the ﬂoor he caught sight of sev-
- oral grotesque ﬁgures rising from behind the shel-
' ter of the empty barrels. Whack! He struck the
ﬂoor with a resounding concussion that shook the
building. The lantern ﬂew from his hand and
rtgpd a dozen feet away. He lay there half
,. stunned from the shock he had sustained. Then
53: his senses came back to him he saw what ap-

.1
;. it

 

 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
     
    
   
   

 

payer him. They had g, round, white eyes with
r  black disks, and immense beaks projecting at least
"seven inches from their heads,

~ It was a most astonishing sight to Tom, who
could not understand the matter at all. The ob-
' fth l ddedt th t at D-

‘ smnrzgcg of th: liigdlike hea(.)ds zfndxcbtiiigliterzxd the
y’: bewilderment. Suddenly he felt himself
 and carried‘ out into the open air by the
four queer forms, from whom came not a sound.
gjﬁe was borne across the clearing and ""90 the
Jwoods, in spite of _the stru gle he _put up to free
- himself from their clu es. Finally he was
gdﬂrlgsed on the d, his hands and feet se-

' ' in a way t seemed to be decidedly hu-
§ «man; and then the four “birds” vanished, leaving

_ :1 him alone.
. ﬂ‘ _
” -- .

 

i_j 7 ' ciiimrsiz v.—'mie Night liawks.

1 Tom lay a few minutes blinking up through
the f air. The astonishing. caper-ience
wlrichhehadJustpassedliad_qniteda_.zed

Jim. What diditallmean? Whatkindof birds
could. these be that had suddenly pounced upon
*‘ him in the unﬁnished bguilg1!)1‘s. dboi1:iefhi;ii' to

‘ thatispot and left him im an an oo 

. *..“1 must be laboring under some _ldnd of hal-
 (_ ' ‘on brought on by that terrible whack I
- _ when I fell to the ﬂoor. .'l‘hose must have
' {our men, not birds. _I only Imagined they
-. '_ pg like birds. Such bi_rds_as they appeared
ﬁg ‘ 313-Qly do not exist in creation, especially

      
   
  

Ike a‘ nightmare. Between the fog and

 to be four gigantic birds’ heads bending’
i

rhood of the Massachetts coast. It .

Al\I EYE T0 BUSINES o it

the jolt on the head I guess my brains were in
shape to see ’most anything. Gee! I can almost
see those birds’ heads yet. One thing is cer-
tain: I’m bound hand and foot with cord. and
birds couldn't do that, I’m willing to swear. l’m
satisfied that I fell into the hands of the four
tramps who are living on this island. Well,
just let me get away, and l’ll bet I'll have the
constable over here to—morrow to give them free
board and lodging in the county jail."
’ Tom tugged away at his bonds for a while
to no purpose. but at length one of the strands
came loose and he pulled one of his hands out of
limbo. The other followed as a matter of course.
Then with his jackknife he freed his ankles and
stood up. He walked to the inner edge of the
clearing, whence he caught a view of the hei-mit's
living room, and looked across the opening. He
saw shadows moving around on the inside.

“They're all in there now. l’ll just go met
and take a good look at those chaps, so that I'll
know them again.” .

Between the fog and the gloom of the night
Tom had little fear that his approach to that
part of the building he was aimingiat would be
noticed, even if one of the occupants of the room
chanced to look out of the window. He took care
to watch that he didn’t stumble over some ob-
struction in his path and thus call attention to
his presence. At length he reached the window
through which the light shone and peered into
the hermit’s living room. There he saw four men,
sure enough. They were seated around the table,
from which the dishes had been removed and a
demijohn and four glasses substituted therefor.
Each man had a cigar between his teeth. and
the four were laughing and talking together in
a social way.

“There’s nothing birdlike about those chaps
now,” mused Tom. “I wonder how I ever im-
agined they were gigantic birds '.”’

As Tom began to chuckle at his error his eyes
rested on four objects placed upon a low shelf.
The chuckle died away in his throat and a
look of astonishment came over his face. There
stood four great green birds’ heads all in a row,
with staring white eyes and enormous beaks, the
very counterpart of what he had so indistinctly
seen after his fall in the unﬁnished part of the
building. He gazed at them with open mouth
and staring eyes.

“Great Solomon! The very birds I saw," he
exclaimed. “But those are only birds’ heads.
What are they doing there? They were not
there when I entered that room a little whole
ago.” _ . — '

He scratched his head in a'pei-plexed way for-
a _m:ment or two. Suddenly a light ﬂooded his
min . A

“Why, those must be disguises worn by those
men.- Those chaps had the heads on when they
grabbed me. and I didn't imagine anything at all_
What I saw actually existed before my eyes.
Those men don‘t look at all like tramps. Two
of them had watch chains. Now what do they
want with those Rl’0t¢S<l“e birds masks. such as
are worn on the stage in certain spectacles? And
why are they living on this island ?'~

While Tom was ’ to ﬁgure this problem .

out, some portion of conversation going on
within reached his ears . _

I

 

    

_ “How long do you think it will be safe to stay
in this neighborhood, Bentley?” asked the stout-
est man of the four of his companion on the
right. a tall. thin, bilious-looking fellow.

« \ “How long?” replied the other,. blowing out a

‘ _ cloud of cigar smoke. “Well, I calculated on stay-
ing here all summer.”

v ’ “You mustn’t forget that there's a thousand

4' dollars reward out for us, and when to-day';§ib-
~ . bery of the‘ Manson cottage becomes gen ly
* ’ known I shouldn’t be surprised if the reward was

_ doubled.”

“Gee whiz!” said Tom to himself. “These men
must be the Night Hnwks—the ‘fellows who clean-
’ ed out several residences on the suburbs of the
’ town last spring, and who lately robbed the Stan-
bury post-oﬁice and Deacon White's house.
Downey said this morﬁing that four men dis-
guised with birds’ heads were seen crossin the
Ibridge in a red auto on the night of the hite
‘ robbery. There’s the birds’ heads on the 'shelf

yonder. Yes, I am satisﬁed these are the Night

Hawks.” ’ .

He listened again to the conversation.
“S’pose there is?" replied Bentley. “We can
lie ‘low here for a week until‘ the people think
‘ we're gone off somewhere else, then we can tackle
an r one of e cottages. Judge Brown's
place, for instan , offers good swag. I’ve no-
ticed that his wormen folks make a ﬁne dis lay
‘of their diamonds. Then there is the Gil rt
cottage on the point. He’s -president of the
llavernick National Bank, and is worth half a
million easy enough.” i .
t [‘fBut that boy we caught nosing aroundhere
‘ a little while ago and left bound among the trees.
Hemay give us away as soon as we put him
ashore. We made a mistake appearing before
him in our bird masks. That was your idea,
‘Bal_dy"—and the speaker looked at the man on
his _l'e1't-—“.and I'm bound to say it -was a bad
one. « .

“It prevented him from identifying our faces,
didn't it?" retorted the individual addressed as
Baldy. =

. ‘I vote that we keep the boy here until we
are through with this island," put in the fourth

“I don't like that plan.”_ said Bentley. “We'd
fhave to watch him pretty close to make sure
that he did not escape. . Then no doubt his people
ould come here looking for him. and that would
.givc us more trouble.”
v ‘W1: should they think he's on this island ‘."’
naked ldy. “He must have got ashore here by
 in the fog. What else should bring him
the island at this time of night?"
 of taking him ashore. as we decided
 :.'’*“° 1 2""? “:2: "° 
- V rop ini his as is, an '
horn: wins the tide begins to ebb. Then he'll’
, ' out to sea.” said the stout man.

looks tooxmuch like murder-.-and I ob-
 the iourth man. ‘
, ~ , too particular altogether-,". sneered the

  

 
  
  
    
     
     
    
     
  

   

  
 
 

  
 
    
 

M  :3 put  neck in a halter."
a '-.:s...v- 4....   .. .....
. A or.“ 4 _ _
w  zzgp  stout man. carelessly.

' I

   

An ‘Err: To BUSINESS ~ .

i help of ack Harding. to ‘cam that morning.
«had a business scheme in view which

    

     
 

I‘

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
   
  
  
    

“If he wasn't, ,who'd be the wiser as to what 
happened to him ?" * W .-
The fourth man, whose name was Sandy,‘ did
not take at all kindly to this way of getting rid , “
of the boy. He wanted him put ashore, as‘
originally determined on. 2 _
“Well, never mind the boy now. There's time’ 
enough to consider him,” said Bentley. who a'p- 
peared to be the leading spirit of the four. “We , - '
want to talk about a hiding-place for our-_swag.i ' :
so that if a search party should come over here
it will not be found. I looked the second ﬂoor
all over to-night for a place between the walls
that looked to be suitable. but could ﬁnd none. I
think the best thing is to bury it. after all." ;
“Where shall we bury it——in the woods or under ' ‘ _
the flooring of this room 1"’ asked Baldy. -;
“We'll pry up the hearthstone, dig a hole deep, 
enough to accommodate the box the stuﬁ is in '. 
now, and secrete it there. I defy any detective 
to nose it out. ‘However, I'm not looking for a ’ 
detective to come to this island. We've: been «.1
seen in that red auto of ours, you know, and ,
the detectives will go searching for that in
order to spot us. The auto is black by this timer‘-
and laid up in a Boston garage. so it's my opinion
they'll have a long hunt,” said Bentley, with a’
chuckle. - V
The others agreed that under the hearthstcnoe
was a good place to hide their booty. so after
they had finished their cigars Bentley and the /.
stout crook started in and pried up the stone. .
A shovel that stood in a corner was brought.
into use and a considerable quantity of earth was 
removed, leaving a hole about two feet deep.  ‘*
the same in length, and a foot and a half wide.
Into this was deposited at mahogany box which‘
had been covered up in a corner, and the box A ‘
ﬁtted the hole snugly. -
“When that box is full we’ll ﬁnd another hiding» , I
place for any additional plunder,” said Bentley‘
after the hearthstone had been replaced and  '
tell-tale signs carefully brushed away. .‘
The four men then resumed their places at the
table, ﬁlled their glasses from the jug. and,»
seemedidisposed to make a night of it.

‘.1

 
 

 

   
  
  
 
  
     

   
   
 
  

 

CHAPTER Vl.——Tom Decides to Capture the,‘

Night Hawks if He ‘Can.

Tom concluded he had heard all that he wanted. T
to. He had seen where the Night Hawks buried ,
their latest booty, and knew he would be able.
to spot it again. The four crooks were reason-
ably certain to continue to make Hermit Isgaw
as it was now called, their rendezvous for '
time to come. There was a standing reward oi. .,
one thousand dollars for their capture and con’ ‘
viction. and Tom. who was developing a  _
eye for usiness, mentally determined, with  I

. Q.
needed a

u

.1’

.
it

x’

   

     
   

    

   
  
   
    

  

    

money for its development, consequently half of»
the proclaimed. reward would come in hand
while the other half would be equally 
ttnliarding, who was-looking forward to an 
marriage with Dora_ Travers. .. l , ~ ’
Tom did ‘not believe in putting oi’ -ﬁiaiﬂjé
future time what could be 99:» right _

l‘ . /1

  
 
  

    

, he resolved to attempt the capture of the Night
I-Ia as soon as he could. As the first step
toward that desirableend, and to block the ras-
cals from getting away from the island. the boy
out out at once to ﬁnd the boat they used to cross
the stretch of water between the island and the
main shore. He walked through the wood from
,,the building until he gained the shore, and this
. he followed, looking toward the town.

His own boat lay in ’a little cove on the op-

. , posite side of the island, but. as the circumference
»- ' of the wooded isle was not very great, it would
‘not take him long to row aro d to the cove
;_ after he had found the croolis’ at. He saw
* -that a light breeze had started up and that the
- ’ fog had grown thinner, so  judged his passen-
. gels were impatiently awaiting his return, and

remained away. In his opinion, the boat he was
» . looking for could not be very far from the near-
" . est point between the shore and the house, and he
was right in his conjecture.
He found it tied to a stout stake driven
to.t.he sand. It took him but a moment to
 _. ntie the painter. get out the oars and commence
4. pulling around the island toward the cave. In-
%’ 3 side of ﬁfteen minutes, during which the mist
-- » had cleared away materially. he made out the
. " outlines of the Seadrift in the little indentation,
and he rowed alongside of her.
' “Hello! is that yciu. Travers?" asked the leader
' of the mmping-out party. “Where the dickens
‘ have you been so long? _ We might_have been
halfway to town by this_time. for a light breeze
came up about twenty minutes ago."
;- “I got into a little breeze over at the house
and couldn't get  any sooner." replied Tom,
,, as he tied the painter of _the rowboat to a cleat
"in the stern of the Seadrift and stepped aboard
of the latter. . _ _
“What trouble did you_ get into?” asked his
passenger, curiously. _
’ \ “Well. I had a tumble from a ladder that kind
" of knocked me silly,” answered Tom, who did
not care to enlighten the young men reszardinsr
the real state of affairs. “I wanted t_o_ﬁnd out
, something about that light that was shining from
the second story of ‘the building. I ‘started up a
ladder, but the old thing snapped in two when
‘I was near the top and I got‘ a nasty fall-”
‘Oh. that was it,<eh'!” asked the head clerk.
“-It was a lucky thing that you did not break
‘your neck-lucky for us, too, for if you hadn’t
 up we'd have had to stay here all night.’
 laughed as he swung the boom out so as
to catch the light wind. then, seating himself on
_ the weather side of the helm. he. steered the sail-
V {boat out of the cove. By the time the boat_ had
 gone a quarter of a mile the fog_had en rely
3;’  The stars were out _in full orce,
and the skyrockets from eyerv -?e?tion of the town
were trying to rival their brilliancy.
In three-quarters of an hour the Seadrift
Racked the main wharf, where her passengers
_ barked. bade g od-by to the Young skipper.
started with t ir traps for therailroad
5 When Tom hauled out from the wharf
 headed for home. Patty made .her reappear-_
arm from the cabin. ._ _ _ A
 Patty 1” asked Tom, with a_ smile.
"!htf1gr1~adnitted‘-that she was

-.
iam-

   
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
    
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
 

...

  

   
   

AN EYE TO BUSINESS

" probably wondering at the length of time he'had 5

\

of “Washington "Crossing the Delavur-Q3’

“So am 1. It's nearly nine o’clock—-more than
eight hours since we had our lunch. If it hadn't
been for the calm and the fog we'd have reached
town around half-past five. and been home before
six. When we drifted into the cove at Hermit
Island you were asleep. I guess you've had
boating enough for one day."

It didn't take long to run over to the little
wharf on the water-front of the Travers property.
T_om made the boat fast, lowered the sail, but
did not tidy it up. and put the stops about it.
for he expected to run over to Hermit Islan later
on with Harding. and then. taking Pat 3' by
the hand, they skipped up to the house.

_“You’ve made a long day of it, Tom,” said
his mother, who was sitting on the side porch
watching the ﬁreworks.

“Couldn’t help it, mother. We were caught in
the 1'01: and becalmed at the same time. I'm
thankful we got here as soon as we have. Any-
thing to eat? Patty and I are famished."

“Yes: you'll ﬁnd your suppers in the oven and
the tea on the top of the stove. I left a light
in the kitchen. You'd both better eat there, as
the dinner table is cleared oﬁ'." .

“All right. mother." replied Tom, cheerfully.
“Wis air. Spriggins here after Patty?”

ll 0-

“I guess he has too much respect for the day
to do any dirt)’ Work for Nathan Kemp.” said
Tom. “The most he would have done. anyway-,
was to have taken Patty over to his house and
kept her there if she refused to go back to the
hemps. _To-morrow we'll bring her case before
the magistrate ourselves and see if we can't
squelch Mr. Kemp and his sister for good and
all. {is far as Patty is concerned. They have
foffelted all right to her services Ev their treat-
ment Of her. and I have no doubt that Patty
will be allowed to stay with us. if she so de-
sires.” -._:j

Torn then went into the kitchen, to ﬁnd Patty
setting the little table there for their supper.
and in a_couple of minutes the two young people *
were eating away as happy as though they had
not a trouble in the world.

“Where’s Dora._ mother?” asked Tom. when he
came out on the porch after the meal. “Oﬁ' with
Jack to see the ﬁreworks?"

“Yes,” replied Mrs. Travers.

“Well, I guess Patty and I will go downto
the green. too. There must be quite a mob
.waItghing the pyrotechnics. Won't you come with
us . -

“No; I can see all I wish to from here.”

“You can only see the rocks and bombs that"
go above the housetops. You miss the set pieces. ,
and other display.” .—z
_ “And I avoid the crowd. It is much more en-
Jcyable to sit here and enjoy the cool bre
from the bay and see a portion of the ﬁrewo
than _to stand for a couple of hours in a hot,
perspiring crowd. in order to get a ﬂeeting‘
glimpse of the whole show.”

“I guess you're right, mother.
I won't’ mind the crowd." .

And they did ,hot. for they were soon

into the thickest of it, watching the ﬁning desin

\

   
   
 
  

But Patty and  -

,3

  

10

CHAPTER VII.—-Trying to Earn the Reward.

When Tom and Patty got back to the cottage
they found Jack Harding and Dora standing at
the gate. '

“I want to see you before you go home, Jack,"
said Tom. “You’ll ﬁnd me sitting on the kitchen
doorstep.”

“All right," replied Jack. laughingly.

Fifteen minutes later he joined Tom at the
spot mentioned.

‘1Vell. Tom, here I am at your service,” he
said, taking a seat beside his future brother-in-
ZIW.

“I've got something important to talk to you
about,” began Tom.

“I’m ready to hear it.”

“Something that will put five hundred dollars
in each of our Dockets if we can get it through.”

“Five hundred dollars. eh ?” replied Harding.
“That sounds good. What is this scheme ?"

“You’ve heard about the Night Hawks, of

course-—the four crooks who. disguised Wilﬁh
birds’ heads, robbed a number of houses in this
neighborhood last Spring?"
§_ “Of course, I heard about them at the time.”
" ' / “Did you hear that they had turned up again-
’ that they robbed the Stansbury post-oﬂice the
1 . other night. also Deacon White’s house 1'"
i’ “No; is that a fact ?"
'5 ' “Yes; and they went through the Manson cot-
» take this afternoon."'
“You don't say!”
“Sure thing. There’s a standing reward of
one thousand dollars for their capture."
“So I heard.’
“Well, it’s up to us now to earn that money.”
“Up to us! What do you mean?"., asked Hard-
 , ing. in surprise.
‘» “I mean I know exactly where those four
rascals are in hiding.”
“You do ?” in astonishment. .
 _ “I do."
;- A’ “Where?”
— “On Hermit Island.”
~ “How do you know that ?"
“I saw them there to-night.”
“You did ?” ‘
“I did. You know that Pattv and I were gone
all day on the bay in the Seadrifti?"
“So I heard when I came after Dora this after-

 
    
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
     
  
    

noon.” . g
’ “We put ashore at Hermit Island about ten
o'clock.”

“And you saw the four rascals there. eh ?”

“Not then. They were away, but I saw evi-
dence that four persons, whom I thought to be
trk;n’ps, were living in the old herm1t’s quar-

“Well?" . K
 1 “Then. afta eating our lunch on the island.
.3 put olf down the bay for Deer Island to take
off those Bo§b| bank clerks I ‘carried down yes-
terday moi-nun.’
Jack nodded. _,
7 - ‘After reaching _
” aboard the fog began to come up, and it. caught
 ,beforc_we had gone a_great way. v_and
’ by: the wind dropped entirely and we idrifted
jglhﬂg until da;rk.when weiloatedinto acoveof

the island and taking them I

     

AN EYE To BUSINESS

Hermit Island. Then it was we saw a light
shining through the fog and gloom, and I decided
that it came from the second story of the un-
ﬁnished hotel building on the island. I was curi-
ous to learn who was on the island, so I took
the boat’s lantern and started on a tour of in-
vestigation."

Tom then went on to relate all that befell
him on the island. with which the reader is
already familiar. Jack Harding listened to his
story with great interest and curiosity.

“So they’ve got their plunder buried under the
hearthstone of_that room, eh '.’”

“That’s right.“ nodded Tom.

“You carried off their boat so they couldn’t
get away from the island 1'”

“I did."

“That was a clever move,” replied Harding;
“but when they ﬁnd themselves cooper up they’ll
be uncommonly watchful against capture. There
are four of them, probably armed, and may be
expected to put up a desperate resistance. How
do you think that you and I can do them up‘!
It’s too big a contract, Tom. for us to undertake.’

Tom now began to think so himself, but he
didn’t want to admit it.

“But there's one thousand dollars in it, and

 

..'~;i..._-. ...L

 

I don't want to lose my share of it. I need the, i I

money to start my business.”

“I'm willing to help you earn it, Tom,” replied ‘
Jack, “but I'm afraid that in this case the odds
are too great against us. We'd better take Con-
stable Spriggins with us and divide the reward
in thirds. Even with him we're more than likely

to have our hands full, unless we can take the. '

rascals by surprise."

“My idea was that if we went down to the
island to-night we stood a good chance of catch-
ing them oﬂ’ their guard." said Tom. “I left
them drinking and enjoying themselves. They

feel pretty safe there at present. Suppose we 

go down and see how the land lies, anyway.
You’ve got .a revolver at your room. and I’ll
get father’s. Are you game to do it '."’

“I am if you are,” replied Jack: “but I still ' I

think it would be wiser for us to take the con-
stable along. There is considerable power in the
majesty of the law, Tom.” . _
“Majesty of t law is good. Jack. but I think ‘
a six-shooter is tter," laughed Tom. "You" go '

and get your gun and I'll wait for you at the» *

wharf.”

Jack, although he regarded the adventure as a" 

rash one, was prepared to back om up. and
so he departed for his home to get his weapon.
Tom went to his room and got the revolver that
had belonged to his father and then made his I
way down to the boat.
a‘ fresh breeze was blowing that promised a

trip to the island. and the sky was now somewhat 
overcast. Jack returned in about twenty minutes; — —

then they raised the sail and started down the

\bay at a merry clip. Tom at the wheel. Inside

of another twenty minutes the Seadrift not into

the cove where she had already been twice thIt‘7

day. or rather, the day before. as it was new ._
nearing one o'clock. . I‘
The waves /splashed noisily on the shore, and
the wind, which was steadily rising, '
through the trees that heavily covered the isle :3 j
Tom and his friend Jack; 50339911 

   
 

It was about midnight; ' 5

 

 
   
  
  
   
 

  
  

\

the painter to the tree. and then started for the
_ unﬁnished building in the clearing. When they
 '. reached the inner line of trees they paused to
-- mconnoiter the house. There was a light in the
_room occupied by the crooks. _
' “The rascals are still awake,” said Harding.

“If they are moving around we ought to see
them through that window." said Tom, after the
lapse of ﬁve minutes. “Maybe they’ve fallen
' —; asleep and left the light burning." V
 2' After waiting a while longer and seeing no
Sign of light through the window, Tom proposed
that they creep up and look in to see what the
men were doing. To this Harding agreed. So
they advanced across the open ground with due
caution. holding their revolvers ready for instant
use. Glancing in through the window, they saw

 

arms on the table and heads buried in them.
“I wonder if they're drunk ?" queried Tom.
“They loo as if they might be, but you can't
tell for sure. replied Jack. *
.“'l‘here are the birds’ heads on_ that shelf,"
said Tom.
“I see them.
‘ aren't they ?" ‘
«- “You'd have thought so if you'd seen them
 "the way I did first,” replied Tom. “Well. What
are we going to do, Jack? There's alot of light
rope in the corner near the stove. Do you think
"_ we could manage to tie them to the chairs
without waking them? Then ._ vou could stand
. guard over them while I went back to town and
notiﬁed the head constable that we had captured
. __  That should entitle us to the reward.”
f “I ‘think that's rather a ticklish proposition,”
" -“ answered Jack. “Two of those chaps look un-
’, commonly tough and capable of_ putting up a stiff
‘_ ﬁght. If we didn’t succeed in surprising the
bunch completely there’d be something doing.”
’ 2 The rascals were lyinkabout in such an awk-
ward way that it looked impossible to tie them
‘-,in any cﬂective manner without disturbing them.
a. While Tom-and his companion were considering
the diﬂiculties of the situation the man known
I as Baldy moved, raised his head and ﬁnally sat
 ’_ up. He looked at his companions a moment or
’. ’two, then got up and shook the fellow called
' Sandy. Sandy sat up. ands Baldy made a sign
 him that he seemed to understand. Both
1 lucked up their hats and walked toward the door.
' ‘We'll have to hide, Jack," warned Tom.
‘They're coming outside.” ‘
They ed to get behind a small pile of
-  y and then awaited further develop-
~ meats.

/

  

  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
     
    
     
    

" ‘CHAPTER V~IlI.—Capture'lof the Night Hawks.

- Baldy opened the door, and he and‘ Sandy came
4 out and closed it after them. Then both. after
» a Klance at the cloudy slgy, moved deliberately
toward the pile of debris and sat down. Had
5450? used their eyes to good advantage they must
’ Bye seen Tom and Harding crouching benind
 But they didn’t. for they had not
gtlle slightest suspicion that any intruders were
-'  the island at the moment.
 V 3,? said Baldy. in a conﬁdential tone,
‘% you and rue of one mind?" I
B ’1«§cck_gi we arc.;Baldy," was. the rep}y... -

' r

 

v the four men sprawled out asleep. with their_

Mighty curious-looking birds,-

      

 

AN EYE T0 BUSINESS I ‘ n

“We are both agreed that the best thing we
can do is to get our ﬂukes on the swag already
secured and light out for New York. leavin’
Bentley and Bud Smith to shift for themselves.” _

“That suits me. if the thing can be safely
done.” replied Sandy.

_“It’s got to be done, pal, and to—night is the
time to do it. All we have to do is to dig
up that box. take it down to the boat and make
off. They won't be able to follow us, so we kin
get a good start.”

“If they should catch us tryin’ the (lodge on,
Baldy, it wouldn't be healthy for us.” .
“We mustn’t let ‘em catch us, Sandy. I’m de-
termined to cut loose from them chaps. Bud is
too bad-minded to suit me. He ain’t got no re-
spect for human life, and we have, Sandy. I'm
Il_0t achm’ to have my neck stretched. I draw a
line at that kind of thing. Bud wants to do
119 that boy we ketched in the buildin’ to-night.
and Bentley won't stand in his way. If them
two hadn’t got blazin’ drunk with the contents
of that demijohn I’ll bet that bov would be
lcipatin’ out to sea, bound hand and foot, by this

ime." .

“I reckon he would.” admitted Sandy.

“It ain’t certain, as things stand. but Bud and
Bentley will carry him into the cellar in the '
momin' and Shoot him. I wouldn't trust neither
of them. When we get the box aboard the row-
boat we'll go and cut the boy loose and tell him
to mosey as soon as he kin. He's got a boat
somewhere along shore, ’cause he couldn’t have
walked here. Then we'll make the p’int yonder.
steal one of them sailboats that's anchored there.
and _sail round to Nanticoke, where we’ll arrive
in time to take the first train for New York. \
W kin check the box through as bag!!!-Re."

It's a good scheme,” assented Sandy, “if it
will only work."

,_“_It:s got to work. Sandy. Them two chaps are
bilin drimk and won't know what we're up to.”

“Are you sure they're as drunk as that?"

_ “If they ain't, their kin stand a heat! more
liquor than I think they kin." _?

“I don't like to take no chances. Baldy. I s.
reckon if they woke up too soon we might feel '
an ounce of lead in our innards.”

“Well, Sandy. we kin try and see howdrunk
they are." _

“How are you goin' to do it?”

“Give ’em a shake-up.".

“And if they wake up. what then ?”

“We'll tell ’ein it's time to turn in.”

“It s a good idea, Baldy.",

“Sure it is. If they won't wdke easy. then

— we'll get their guns away and make sure we don't it;

get hurt. Afterthat we'll dig up-the box and,
mosey.” _ ~

“Let's get about it, then. We can't get away
too quick from this place to suit me."

The rascals rose from the pile of debris and ‘
returned toathe house. _ ',

“Now what do you think of that?‘ said Tom,
as soon as they had entered the room.

“I think it_’s first class. Those two chaps will 
play right into our hands.” replied  
“Come back to the window and let's watch them.’ '

from «and-’ Jack resumed their former positions-
under the window. They saw Baldy and Eandy
bendlmz over'their companions. In a moment 7
or two each had Q revolver in his hand, which-in 

\, _ y

   
   
   
  
 
 

  

 

   

:— stuﬁed into hispocket. Then they got some of
the rope and tied Bentley and Bud Smith to
their chairs. Jack punched Tom in the ribs and
chuckled. 1

“They’re doing the job for us, Tom,” he said.
‘‘We’ll only have those two to tackle, and we
ought to be able to knock them both out by catch-
ing them off their guard."

Baldy and Sandy. having secured their danger-
ous associates to their satisfaction, lost no time
in removing the hearthstone and getting the ma-
hogany box out of the hole. It had a handle
-at each end and was comparatively easy to carry.
When Baldy turned the light low Tom and Jack
concluded it- was time to change their base of
operations. -

J “:Vhere did»vou find their boat, Tom?” asked
ac .

“Over yonder. tied to a stake in the beach.”

“Then we’d better get over there and: lay for
these chaps. As soon as we have captured them
the game will be in our hands."

So Tom and Harding made for the wood as
, fast as they could, and soon reached the vicinity
. ’ where the boat had been tied.

" “Pick up a club, Tom,” said Jack, looking
around for a stout piece 0 wood for himself.

“Then when they come along with the box we’ll

spring out of the shrubbery and knock them

down." _

“How are we going to secure them 1” asked
Tom.

“We'll get their guns away from them. and I’ll
stand over them with my revolver while you
run back to the house and get some of that
rope.” '

.- “All right.” replied Tom, and they concealed
’ themselves and waited.

In a quarter of an hour they heard the two
crooks coming with the box between them. Just
as they passed the hidden watchers Tom and

WJ‘ack rose up behind them and dealt each a
stunning blow on the head. Down they went,
box and all, and lay where they had fallen with-
out a movement. _

“I hope we didn't kill them," said Toni. a bit

‘ - anxiously, as he looked down at the white faces

’ of the two rascals.‘ .

’ “Not much danger of that,” answered Jack,

cdolly. “Those bullet heads ought to be able
.. to stand a polioeman’s locust, and that's harder

..t.han these bits of wood. Come, now, let’s dis-

‘ arm them before they come to.”

They found four rcvolvers on them. two of
‘which belonged «to their companions.

.“We have Quite an armament now.” laughed
—g Jack. “Help me drag them down on the shore

1 and prop them up against that rock.”. . '

The unconscious rascals were placed in the
position indicated by Harding.

: “Now hustle over to .the house for that rope,
"5 .~ Tom. then we’ll have these two foxy chaps dead
‘  to rights." _ . _
.( ‘ Tom was back inside of five minutes with
the cord. and he helped Jack tie the two Night
‘Hawks in a way that rendered them completely
helpless. '
 -“Now we’ll tackle the other two at the house,”
 Harding. “and then we’ll bring_thc1n down
 leave thein while we sail the boat
in Spite of the fact that the

M7 .

 

 

. 9

   

   

two» scoundrcls‘

  

AN EYE T0 BUSINESS

were stupidly drunk, Tom experienceda feeling
of nervousness while he assisted Jack in cutting
them 10088, one at a time, from the chairs, and
retying them in a more secure fashion. At
length the job_was done and the four Night
Hawks were in their power. Taking one of the
crooks at a time. they carried them to the
shore where their two companions were still in
a state of insensibility. Then they went to
the_cove, boarded the Seadrift, and sailed her
around to that part of the island. After plac-
ing the mahogany box in the cuddy. they dumped
the four crooks in after it. pushed off and started
for Barmouth. It was nearly three o'clock when
'l‘om aroused Constable Spriggins from his bed
to tell him about the capture of the Night
Hawks. ‘

The oﬁicer could hardly believe his ears. He
know. however. that Tom Travers was not a
practical joker, so he hitched up his light wagon
and drove with the boy down to the ravers’ dock.

_ The four rascals were pulle'd out of the cuddy

and loaded on the wagon, then the mahogany
box with its valuable contents followed, and last

. of all came the papier-nfiache birds’ heads. which

Tom and Jack had taken care to bring along as
evidence of the identity of their prisoners. With
this load the constable drove oﬂ’ for the county
jail, while Tom and his friend Jack separated
for the night, after congratulating each other
over the prospect of soon pocketing the reward
for the capture of the Night Hawks.

The residents of Barmouth were agreeably sur-
prised when thev saw the next day’s papers giving
an account of the capture of the Night Hawks.
During July. August and September Tom earned
a good many dollars with his boat, and when not
so employed he was perfecting arrangements to

launch a patent unexcelled shoepolish on the . _.

market. A few days later the inhabitants -of

_Barmouth noticed that a new poster had been

posted up all about town. People began inquir-
ing about the polish, so in a short-time every
store in ‘town was equipped with it. Tom now
went but on the road with it. By this means a
large number of bottles of the polish were -sold.
Patty had been helping in the preparation of

the polish and Tom saw that the business, was "

getting too’ much for her. and he thought up a
plan’that he imagined would go through. ,,

_CHAPTER IX.—The Escaped Qnviet.

That night Tom had an interview with Jack
Harding.

“I’m going to oﬂ'er you the chance of your“.

life, Jack.” he said, getting down to business.

“The chance of my life. eh?” laughed Harding. 
I want you to give up blackslnithing V‘ “

-“Yes.
and come in with me." -’
“Into the shoe polish business?” '

“That’s right. It's going to make a fortune : -

for me. and I want you to share it.” -

“That's a pretty liberal proposition, Tom. Any-  I
body would be a fool" to refuse sharing another‘sz ’

fortune if the ,x:hance was offered to him.

know you’ve been making out ﬁne so far 
Polishine. and I've no doubt there's a bitfnturt

in it. _If you will -‘show me how I 

   
   
 
 

 

     
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  

'. you make a success of it I am ready to talk busi-
'- ' ness. I've got a thousand dollars saved up that
, I could put in. Have you spoken to Dora on
the subject?”

. ‘Yes, and she’s‘in favor of you taking hold
with me."

“That will go a great way with me. for I feel
5 ‘bound to consider your sister’s view to a con-

‘siderable extent." _

“Well, Jack, my idea is for you,_I and Patty
to share equally in the fruits of Polishine. She's
already done a man's share in helping me put
the business on its feet, and I am bound that
she shall have full recognition for her services,
apart from the small wages she has been draw-
ing.”

Harding nodded his approval:

“The business is already making money. _but
the most of that money must go right back into
it for some time to come in order to increase the
volume of business. So far,I have done scarcely
any advertising in newspapers to speak of. I
cantairord to do it the way it ought to be done.
and spasmodic advertising doesn't pay-"

‘What part of the business do you expect me
sgto look after 2' asked Jack. '

=' ‘The manufacturing part. In fact. I Want You
,« -to take general charge with Patty of this end
' oﬁaﬂairs.” °

~ see, I’m a good blacksmith, all right, because I
‘i have been educated up in it, but I’d be all at
sea at any other vocation at first." *

2 ‘You're a smart fellow, Jack. and it won’t take

‘ 2, ‘you long to get into harness. Patty is_going
V “to take a month's vacation, and I’m going to

stay right here till she comes back to work,

I want you to take all the responsibility all’ her
'shoulders. She'll have enough to do to nm the
 end, look after the books. and keep track
of "the shipping orders. I want you to pull right
«in with her and attend to all the details. I'll DOS‘?
you in your duties while she’s resting, and then
when I start for Chicago. inthe earlv part of
September. I shall look to you to take full charge
, of gﬂairs here.- Patty will help _you out if you
*" should feel the .need of her advice. You cant
‘go wrong with her at your elbow. _
‘She's a migh smart girl. Tom.” nodded Jack.
mi between y u, I and the post, the brightest
thing you can do is to marry her after a while.
_;_‘‘Th 3, old chap,” 1aug”hed_ Tom. “That s
-exactly what I ean to do. .
_ A “1'm.glad to heanit. I've been watching her
.p§.and on since you_put her in charge of this
end of your polish business, and I told Dora_ more
' once that you would miss a whole lot if you
‘let. another fellow win Patty‘ away from you.
“Well, let’s get back to what we were talking
;.about,’’ said Tom. _
" '.He gave Jack a general idea of. the methods
 hgd been using to p sh_the business and the
 he had develope so far. He also outlined
V  plans for the future. Jack was an enthusi-
 listaier. He easily ‘saw that Tom had been
‘I5!!! with an eye to businessggand that he was
 who was not asleep at any stage_o_f_the
' There were certainly great possibilities
yrolfahino. and if any one could realize on them.

   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
    
  
  

AN EYE T0 BUSINESS

‘ “Pin afraid‘I'll have a heap to learn. You‘

’oii_ei'vvas 'l'o_in"1‘i-avers. Here was a chance-

 

13

for him to get on the band wagon, and he was
gqng to accept it. ’ ~ .

n a day or‘ two Patty retired from the re-
sponsibilities that had lately tried her brain and
nerves to their limit. and devoted herself to re-
cuperating her energies for the demands of the
coming year. Tom decided that she must take
two instead of a month's rest, as he intended to
stay around Barmouth until the first of Septem-
ber, when he proposed to go West.

Orders continued to come in for the shoe polish ~
in satisfactory quantity during July and August.
The New York agent was evidently doing his
whole duty and earning every cent of his salary,
while Tom made frequent trips to Boston to keep
the pot a-boiling. .

“Things are going all right, Jack, and the
business. as far as I’ye pushed it, is holding its
own; but just you see what will happen when I
begin stirring things up out West. You'll have
to move into larger quarters.\From Chicago I’m
going to Cincinnati and St. Louis, and many lesser
cities. If I'm not wanted back here. it may be
six months before I return. After I ﬁnish with
the West I'm going to take in Philadelphia. Balti- :
more and the big places South, but I shall return ;
to Barmouth ﬁrst. I shall want to see’ Patty. \.~
and how things are going on. of course." “

Tomvspoke with such conﬁdence and enthusiasm 
that Jack had not any doubt but that Polishine ‘*-
would take on a real boom just as soon as its j.”
inventor took to the road again. During the last ~
week in August Tom persuaded his mother and
Patty to go with him and spend a few days at
the quiet little town of Plymouth, on Cape Cod
Bay, about forty miles south of Barmouth. “’

It would be a change for them in a way,
though the town possessed none of the advantages
of a seaside resort like Barmouth. The fourth
day of their stay was a stormy one. and news
was brought to the town that a big bark had
gone ashore on a sand bar so miles to the
south, in the neighborhood of unfrequented
stretch of shore. Tom, having nothing to do,
decided to’ tramp down in the vicinity of the

 

wreck. The clerk at the small hotel where they . {-3
were stopping directed him to follow a certain’ 
road out of Plymouth, which would take him 
within a mile of the bay. ‘ {,3
“It's better for you to go that way than along 
the shore, for it's more direct," he said. “You 
can't go wrong if you turn off by the laneclose ' 
to the Plymouth roadhouse you’ll see about seven " =-if:
miles from here. It's'the only house for miles 
on the road, so you couldn't miss it if you tried.” .2;
' Tom thanked him and started. It was a bleak » 
afternoon, as we have remarked. The sky was, 
still piled up with clouds, though the.» storm 
was practically over, and the wind from the bay . 5»,
blew keen and cold across the country. It proved 
to be a lonesome walk for Tom, but he didn't 

    
  
  
   
   
    

mind that in the least. He tramped sturdily on- -
ward until he sighted and ﬁnally came up with.

the roadhouse‘referred to by the hotel clerk.
The lane leading to the bay was close by. and
Tom turned into it. A mile down the lane he I
came to an apparently deserted building a story‘ *-
and a half high. Within the last half hour th
air had been growing darker and darker. as the
clouds from the sea rolledythicker and 
upon one another. from was satisﬁed it 

I

  
   
 
  
    
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 

 

\ ; .

mg to rain. and.so he hailed the house in ques-
tion with a feeling of satisfaction. '

-“I guess I'll have to give up my trip to th
shore, though I’m almost there. I don’t care to
(risk; a bath with my summer ﬁannels on. I’ll
, stop.at this shelter and rest a while. Maybe
_\ the weather will brighten by and by.”

Tom entered the building and “looked around.
An old-fashioned wide, open ﬁreplace stood at
‘the back of the single room that composed the
lower floor, and there was the remains of a recent
fire on the hearth. ,There were also a rough deal
table and three stools in\the room, While'on the
5.table stood a black bottle with a piece of candle
— stuck into the neck. There were liquor stains,
fragments of food and ﬁne pieces f smoking
tobacco strewn about on the table, s owing that
some one had tarried there recently. The ﬂoor
was full of cracks and holes, ‘and was covered with
‘the dirt of many months. Tom tried one of" the
closed doors he saw and found it opened on an
empty, roomy cupboard.

A ladder which stood‘in one corner communi-
gated through an open trap with a loft above.
‘Tom crept up to see what the iﬁace was like.
There were two piles of dry hay there that,looked
Ans if they had been u,$ed as beds by a pair of
homeless wanderers. Between the_ beds lay a
couple of bundles, which seemed to indicate that
the men who had slept on the straw intended to
return for a night’s lodging at least. ’' Tom was
«on the point. of retracing his steps to the door
below. w en he heard ‘voices outside. the building,
andpre ntly two rough-looking individuals en-
tend the‘ house.

    

eoinin’ on torain again.” /
“Dash my vig!" answered the other. with a

__ ..sti;oiig cockney accent. “if hit ain't gettin’ blacker

nor the haceof spades." ‘ ,~

The two men took their seats at the table, and

  

candle in the boﬂle. Tom, peering down through
he trap, had a good view of both of them. The
‘one with the London accent was short and_ thin,
kwbre a soft cap, and had his threadbare Jacket
‘ilmitoned close around his. body. He looked like
i1famine's youngest son, so drawn; and cadaverous
_were._his features. Tom gave him but a casual
, , for the other man arrested his attention.
, was something strangely familiar about
him‘ to the boy. As he appnoached his face to
 candle to light a pipe he haql ﬁlled. his
features were thrownfor a moment into bold re-
Tlicn it was‘ that Tom recognized him as
Smith, one of the Night Hawks, who had’
- .. from the State prison-

 
 
  

 
 

  
  

  

 

’-"‘,v;: ‘ l  ' \

or X.——'l‘lie Sole Survivor of the Wreck.

‘  qlirnmy. things. look kind of queer with
'-Bud Smith. with i scowl.

Lp'1'liey coiddift look queer-er.?' answer-

iirpanion, whose name was Jimmy Gub-

1 n , V o A K '
' .a wax a,I.ondoii sneak thief, with
y  Yard detective bureau.

tonic  1r7s1¢|I3d!§'*

    

’ AN  To ‘BUSINESS '

‘toward the door.

“Blast the weather!" growled one of them.’ “It's ‘

—=tlie thickset man struck a match and lighted the’

-kind of strange to me. though I don't believe
nondinh.

“ zht ‘ f lastiuirht
 ’;V:élo‘g 

    

 

“We haven’t a nickel between us,” growled ‘"7
Smith. J V
’ “Never a red,” replied Gubbins. “And we
hain’t ’ad nothin’ to heat all day.” .
‘:‘I should like to raise the wind somehow,” " .
said Smith.
“Should you?” returned the cockney crook.
'_‘Vel1» then. I'm precious glad you can't-—the vind
is too ’1Eh already for the ruinated state of my .-
YV9-l‘dI‘0be_. I’m bless’d if the vind don’t blow‘
in at this ’ere ’ole at the top of my cap, and, -,
comes hout at this ’ere ’ole at the bottom of
my shoe." _ .4
“So you shook the old country and came to‘ 2
America.” ‘
:1 ’ad to.’ It got too ’ot for me hover'there.” .
You wont find it any cooler over here unless \_
you stand in with the cops.” -  4
The foregoing conversation was not very inter- — ,
esting to Tom’ Travers, as he looked down from ,._;.T
the loft at the pair of rascals at the table. He '
wondered how long they intended to stay there. -
He didn’t relish the nearness of their society. and 7
he entertained serious doubts as to how they 4 ' _
would act if he made an attempt to leave the 
premises while they were in the building. At ._”
length Bud Smith knocked the dead ashes from . 
his pipe, blew out the candle, got up and moved’ 

i I

  
     

“Come on, Jimmy,” he said. “I’m gain’ an 1», 
the roadhouse to beg a meal. I can't stand this
g'll?WiIl' at my vitals. I’d about as soon be in
Jai ." j —
“Dash my vig, but I'm with you,” cried the ,
English crook, _Jumping to his feet and follow-
ing his companion outside. , ’

_“Thank goodness. they're gone!” breathed Toni.
slipping down the ladder. “I'd rather take a good
soaking than have a run-in with those chap: in 
this lone place.” * ‘ 5:‘:

He wentato the door to watch,their reheat,
but was rather staggered to see them standing -
Just outside. looking in the direction of the bay.‘
Wondering what they were looking’ at. he turned '
his gaze in that direction, too. A bearded. square-3 "
built man. dressed in a pea jacket and a cap tint
clearly indicated that his business was ,
with the sea, was coming up the lane. He walked '
a bit unsteadily, like a man who might have 4:
taken’ a drop too much. '

The two crooks seemed tolwatch his app:-dad;-o " S
with much interest-—Tom with a certain amount
of apprehension for his safety, for be easily
believed that the two rascals were desperate‘ 1‘
enough to attack the stranger on the chance of '
ﬁnding money in his pockets. \ 4_ .

“Hello, messinate,” said Smith, when the new-,
comer got quite close to them. “Where bound?"

.“I’m bound for a town called Plymouth.’ ro-
plied the stranger. “lfcrhaps you can tell no,
if I’m likely ‘to fetch it on this tack." . ‘i

‘fPlymouth is eight miles away," replied Smith:
“but. as me and _my pal _is goin’ there. we'll 
to it you don’t miss your way.“ _ “ " 4.“

“Well, that’: kind of you. I ha\ten’t 
these parts for ten years. and the country I “

      
   
    
    
    
     
     
       
 
       
   
      
  
       
    

       
 
    
    
     
 
   

  
  
      
      

   
  
  
 

chlylxed any- You see the bark. She
which I shiovedat Buqnos Ayxomfo Boston.

re‘
erect-

   

   
 

r we-
\\

 ‘_,

  
   
   
 
  
    

night, and this morning went ashore on a sand
yonder,” and the speaker waved his hand
.:toward the bay. “I was the only one saved,
for the sea pounded the vessel so hard that she
broke up. I ﬂoated ashore on a spar and was
-"hauled out of the surf by the life-saving crew
_ -,ot' the station below here. They pulled me around
"’-'?‘ 5; a time. and I made up my mind to walk
to Plymouth, where I was told I could catch a
;train for Boston. I'm afraid, though. that the
last glass of hot whisky I drank has kind of
muddled my brain, which ain't very strong since
:3 ;‘-I came out of the hospital at Buenos Ayres.”
~f,;u}- ,“Don’t you worry about that. messmate." re-
B%H,.plied Smith-.

    
  

_ _
‘.-as

“We’ll see you right on your road
:--‘with a great eal of pleasure."
-~; ‘Pm obliged to you for your kindness, my

   
  
  
  
  
   

:"3friend. I hope you'll allow me to make it all
right with you. I always like to pay for any

‘favor: that’s rendered me, especially as in this
' case you both look as if you'd seen hard luck."
“We don’t want to rob you messmate," replied
Smith, in a friendly way. You’ve been ship-
,w'rec’ked, you know. and can't have much about
you. .
' “That’s where you make a mistake, my friends.
‘I've more than a thousand dollars in a belt
A _-«P ~ ‘I;-Iound niyed waist. I saved that, you see. if I was
' 5'7 :‘ . ivwrec -” i
 “Oh, blessed saint of the mint! Did you hear
_ Wthat?” Tom heard Jimmy Gubbins say in a low
 tone to his companion. “A thousand dollars!
. UH. crickey!” .
 “Poor man! They will rob. perhaps murder
"“;.la.g;‘—‘hi1n,’ breathed the boy, with the greatest anxiety.
5 -‘How can I put him on his guard?"
V . At that moment it began to rain, and the
‘drops came down big and fast.
."It’s rainin’. Looks as if it would come down
in a few minutes. We’ll just take shelter.
in this old house, messmate. till it lets up." said
Smith. cstchitnog thde itraéiger byh the ayiﬁn ants:
v‘ ,;~'leadm"g im war t e oor; “t en we sta
. , for.Ply'mouth.” -
.‘ ‘All right, my friend," said the mariner,
V y. “I’m not aching forﬂanother wetting,
Ilthough I dare say it wouldn’t hurt me. seeing
Is. I'm used to it."

‘ »

     
  
   
     
   
  
  
 
 

_. He found, however, that he had no time to re-
-.,,,_t__r_eQt above if he hoped to escape observation,
cto he made a quick dive for the shelter of the
" » rd and pulled the door to after him.
_t;“I must save this stranger" somehow.” thought
333311. as he watched the two crooks and their
lirospective victim enter the room. “He’s evi-
dently the mate of the bark lost on the sand bar.
'  Itfis my duty to do by him as I should have
‘ another to do by my father if, during
his lifetime, he had been placed in a like situa-
tion-' ’
_ ,.,?'.Eow do you like _our humble shed, _mess-
 Vania?" called Bud Smith. after he had rehghted
 353?! cludle and pointed at one of the stools-—a
s ﬁon that the stranger accepted. “Un-
' ’  ihave comlx‘:elledt..my Dal
gaudy’ rnyselfto ive ere orawee ‘pas ”
1 ‘_“‘I thought you'd seen hard luck. my friend,"
ﬁeplod the mariner. in a tone*of hearty sympathy.
' ‘  —a ﬁve-dollar note divided between

   
   
   
    
   
     
 
   
   
  
  

AN EYE TO BUSINESS

l

15

you two would be welcome? You look as if
you were hungry.”

“’Ungry!” chipped in Gubbins, placing one
hand on his stomach. “We hain't ’ad nothin' to
eat worth mentionin’ for a month."

“That’s too bad. Is times so hard in thi:~coun-
try now that you can’t get work?”

“They couldn't well be ’arder," replied Jimmy.
dolefully. .

“Is that a fact? I suppose neither of you'll
object to my standing treat to a ﬁr-st-rate meal
whq we reach Plymouth? It isn't in my nature
to see any man go hungry while I've got a shot
in the locker——that is, a dollar in my pocket."

“It’s some distance to Plymouth, messmate. If
you don't mind. we'd consider it a favor if you'd
loan us the price of a couple of snacks of bread
and cheese and a quart of beer. Perhaps you'd
prefer whiskey for yourself?" said Smith.

“Loan you! Why, I'll give it to you. man,”
replied the mariner. breezily.
you going to get it around here? I haven’t seen
a house in sight, except this old shack, since
I left the beach."

“There's a public ’0use at the ‘cad of the
lane,” said Gubbins. with alacrity. “I'll fetch the
things from there.”

“What's the use of taking all that trouble?
We'll all three go there and get a meal ship-
shape," said the stranger, rising.

“We can't go there now,” objected Smith.
rainin’ hard.”

“Then how do you expect to get the bread
and cheese and beer ?” asked the mariner. sitting
down again. ,

“Oh, I don’t mind a vettin’,” replied Gubbins.
“It von’t be the ﬁrst von I've ’ad.
I vos ducked six times in an ’orse pond for
bonin’ a chi1d’.s-——‘ ”

Smith cut his reminiscent remark short with
a punch in the stomach. ~

“Oh, crickey! Wot did you do that for?”

“It was _an accident.” replied Smith, with a
scowl.

“Vell, don't do it again. You nearly made a
hole through my innards.”

“If you don't mind givin’ my pal half a dollar,

“It's

“But where are-

Vhy, vonce .

with a triﬂe extra for a small pocket ﬂask of .

whisky for myself. why, I'll  much obliged
to you,” said Smith to the manner.

“I haven’t got less  a_ ﬁve-dollar _bill,"
replied the man, unbucklmg his belt, opening a
water-tight compartment in it. and removing a
wad of money.

The two crooks gazed with longing eyes at
the roll of bills as the stranger peeled oil‘ a
ﬁve-dollar one and tossed it on the table.

“There you are,” he said in a friendly way. 3

“Use what you want of it.’

“Won't I?" muttered Gubbins, making a grab
at .the bill as the mariner replaced the money
belt around his waist.

Be dashed up the ladder and presently return-
ed with a thick gunnysack. which he drew over
his head and shoulders. .

“This vill do for a humberella," he grinned.
“I! the voter comes in at the top of my shoes
it'll run hout again through the ’oles at the
bottom." ' '

With this parting remark he ran out of the
doorway into the gloom of the dreary oom-

5-:

 

    

 'Busmi,4:ss; ,

. “I have doubtless long since been given
CHAPTER XI.-—Onlthe Eve of a. Crime. for dead."

. “Very likely."

4 “I suppose you've been all over the world, “My wife and little ones”—hi.s voice broke and s
shipmatc?” remarked Smith, when the English he wiped a tear away—“ma_v be dead. or have
sneak thief had departed on his errand. moved somewhere else.”__ ﬁy ‘ r

i . «Pretty near,» replied the marinen They wouldnt stav in one place ten years.’ 

“How long have you been at sea?” mdded S"“th- 

«Ever since I was a boy.» I “And so you see how I’m ﬁxed. I'll probably i “.

“That's a long time. Bound home now. eh?” 1t‘:V° t° 1‘?°k t£°m.“” b°f,°r°aI1.°3“I,h°”f‘Ent° 2”” i 

“H°"‘°’" °"°1"i”‘°“ the “’“"“°” Wm‘ a Start‘ ne5'§}’£i§§¥—‘loh.u§e§f, giiyﬁifd uiiiia" d t m’

   
   
  
    
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
    
   
   
 

  
 

6

""5

 

It 71
I«1{v‘:§fhf,°6e so-_, Arena‘; you sum -in 9 , _At that moment Jimmy _Gubbins came_ back
The mariner shook his head Sam“ with several packages in his arms. a big tui

. u - f hm ' this W0;-1d, pail in his hand, a bottle of ‘whisky in one pocket  V’ f:
Itysittg §,:::'S geinsgenf aasaxﬁgtme :9 and three glasses in the other. H5 laid every- _
. «Ten years! where have you been. an that thing out on the table and took the center stool

J:'.“':§«

 

time.-,,, himself. _ . _ _ '— L
“S}-ﬁpwreckedfl X, \_ “Yo1,i,’ll Join us in a glass _ﬁrst, won’t you. shrp— _
ushipwtecked, eh?» I mate? 83 Smith. proceedmz t0  the ﬁl8SS¢Sa , ’ ' 

  
 
 
    

“Every soul lost but me—-just like it was with :n'I;ht‘:":'§o‘(‘i D-fgciability. you know. to nlj_o- I V

um brig this m°ming' Seems -singular’ doesn't “Very well ” consented the stranger genially
§ “‘f§,;sI.,?;"‘5 the only one to hve through both “ ’Ere’s to your very good ’ealth, Mister Sailor,’ ~' ‘
y “S ' , d k d t h. . said Gubbins, grabbing his glass, “May we meet ~
\  Smnh “°dd°d' 3“ . 5"“ e a '5 mm!’ more numerous, but never less respectable.”
Which he had reﬁned and 1’3l"t°d- The glasses were quickly drained, and those

“Where was you shipwrecked?” f S -th d hi I ﬁned_ .
.A“0!1_ 8,3313“ islmld °ﬁ .th° wast °f s°“th 0 “Nrbliv. stlixipmatéeftiiellpe yourself to the whiskyﬂ ;
‘menca~ V Wh"th tl ' h ,J' 7*

. “Just where my f_ather'wa_s lost.” thought Tom uﬁﬁf bligexxkeelgaglins ‘i:faxII.ggidnl!l:1nE§rget M,
V TISYGIS. W110 W35 lwtenmg mtem'1y' about it,” said the sneak thief. slowly 

_ ‘And .did that.haW’°n ten 3'93“ ag°?" asked some silver from his pocket with one hand. while
Smith-. ' ‘ ' ‘ he ravenously devoured a chunk of bread 
' “It did,” replied the stran9:er.“S0,1emn1S’- chese held in the other. “Wot was it that you. =
«G -035;" breathed Tom. His ’vessel" was give HlQ—:’3 two-dollar bill. wasn't it?” - ‘
lost about the same time as my flﬁher 8. tg0- _ “_No, J immy, it was a ﬁve-plunk note.” said
‘How 1011! were You 011 the island? asked Smith. “You have a very bad memory.” 
. _ “So my grandmother used to say when I boned
“Neath? ten years.” - ' her purse vunce or twice and forgot to return it.‘

" v at all alone?" . ._. _ _ replied the London thief.’zrudzintz1.v counting’ "
, es, all alone,” replied the manner. With 9- out the money. “There’s your change. Two pints ‘ <

    

      
       
       

      
  

   
      
  
 

_ of beer at ten cents is a quarter. . One
“Didl1’t',:, vessel come near the island in all gngvvlviiisllncg Ztt g.50:It‘hSat’s itlwo d0l1:}l"s. d ‘  .
 ﬁm3_ ‘ C S 11 0 83¢ IS. 8110 El‘ 
‘ - er - th 11 th 1; t' _ And the loan of three trlesses isanother Q|iI!h_
tc§m8e:;bi:1:es:outi1:hltfb: mgmtofisiznﬁlatétixgrréi  1:§;l’3£ti:i’a”keS 3.50 altogether. That's ear-i _

, 4 n _ V . . . ¢ .
rg.:§- ‘ fag mu’ ut t 6’: never ml 3 Y _ “I. suppose it is,” replied the stranger. , - _.,
‘Thiit was hard luck. shimnate.”. ~ . m‘50tfh°co°l]::;"g9t19 9" gbsfgictg 1?;‘-‘-‘’' I. . "
“I thought so until one da.v .a briz nut in and  - ..° ‘ ‘.5’ 3 s°- “ ms: "mm!
Vﬁaofme 05- She left me *~‘!‘t*h°"§3.6Y’f°Sv WW3 :§HS.niii$ 'thaPi§ri'fn°:t3i§?11§ghgn§§€ saiiyf.°g.-.'  -5’
i.X¢”t.“t§l'°§as‘3i‘m‘?’ Whehnl r.i‘i‘.‘v"er§a'°1’ :1‘... mother walloved it into me and I ham tow‘
hm ‘quite the same'.man I had been. at least “' S"°:“s°“ ‘° 8”’ ‘° '3" ‘W “°"°S‘3’."°‘ “'°»
about the head. I shipped for Boston as chief \b.°st ".°h°°m‘“"‘w° ‘an’ 9”} b°‘.‘k5 °“ ‘‘-h°*°ﬂ301’ »

_ of the bark Shenandoah. am,mug,h,I had side—-in the worIti._ If youre honest you won‘:
_ aﬂt,n for a matter of ten years_ But LiseolﬁtéggoixtthoetJ}iig.wo1!l1:ifort’n,itly lots of home».
1  A - d- _ _ _e _ouse. _ « .
:*.:*:i‘.... .?::::‘?,.';:: :,::‘.1a.‘°.‘;.%.*:°.':*:..:*::'s .C‘;}§;ung3’tm§r1vkmkgmvmgte-;.;a1d,uSmith 
3°“ :3 9"’ sandy hr y°“d°r".9‘s. I t°l.d you be,‘  oi:;l;)ot¢‘i,.;h'il!‘l;)i(;’::E:i;id 'ot¥°:egth:rli8s "enou:l:r-to
thgigniglllgd the stra.nger?_s glass half full or?
i-, ,' “Y hth,li' te.” ‘
any, I can  a home t0tE9 "°’” r°'h°d Tliemrma ' er gielglighically drank when thi;

    
   

      
    

    
  

  
     
    
  

          
     
  

    
         
   

           
     

ale.
‘ '1 gn, ghi te. I k , h d l k '
want. ¥::’ll m§°°b3“hX3i'§." gid gfiiitbf

      
   
 
 
    

    
 
 

.- -‘ . others drained their glasses. ’Phere. was
.~ahouk!n't‘you ﬁnd’ it? You ain’t forgot. in the room for some minutes, whife tne clock;
was. have you?‘ i » ' worked their ‘laws over the sandwiches that QI-

       
 

liippen in ten years." app_eared" down their throats with sun:
 . u_ . rapidity. ‘Porn, '£r8Y¢t'l all this time

.+.

   
 

 

 \\’

    
  
  
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  

."- V"

i .. AN EYE T0 BUSINESS K

}: s ‘= .
hat was going on under his eye with ‘a beating
‘av  He felt it was but a preliminary to a
contemplated crime. - ‘ _
Bud Smith was trying to lull the stranger into
arise’ of complete security. Had the mariner
‘ Jimmy Gubbins's errors of computation
5» accounting for the unexpended balance __of the
e-dollar bill. he woﬂd have suspected _him and
pelled his comrade to disgorge the ditference.
‘bile he was stowing away his share of the
, . - -- es Smith was thinking how he could get
» » psession of the stranger's valuable belt with
i ' least trouble. He was prepared to murder
J ﬁle chief mate of the lost bark, if necessary, to
‘ t the thousand dollars. while Gubbins had no
. giection to help him do it for half of the swag-
, however. had ‘not the slightest intention
of letting his companion have more than a tenth
iflrt of the money, nor even that much, for he
proposed to shake him as soon as_Dossible after
Ttlie contemplated crime: Outside it was raining
‘witeadily, with little prospect of a let up for some
 to come. _ .. n
 f‘I guess the rain is good for another hour,
gnarked Smith. at last. “You look fagged out,
elupmate.” _ _ _
“I feel so," replied the stranger. a bit wearily.
“Then you'd better go up into the loft and lie
v own for a while. We'll wake you when the
‘ er clears." .
re’s a lot of straw hip there,” put in
“You'll sleep as sound as a toft in a
eather bed, blow me tight if you won't."
“Y think I’d feel better if I lay down for_ a
;3pell," replied the chief mate. “I suppose it's
' a walk from here to Plymouth ?”_
.“It’s all of-eight mile," answered Smith. “ Take
;_nno fdrink, shipmate. It'll steady your
Jserves.”
9350, no; I'll drink no. more. My head won't

We'll, please vourself. You're the doctor. Shall _
11 p you up the ladder?”
o. I'm a sailor, you know.” ,

All right, shipmate. Make yourself at home
 there?’ . _ _ ' _
‘The stranger took off his peajacket, threw it on
M stool and started_ for the ladder. Tom saw
-'-- slowly mount to the. loft and disappear
_ ugh the trap in the ceihng: then he watched
' egoolts to see whatthey were zoing to do

‘ . ='‘It's werry aggravatin’.that_he didn't leave ’is
‘E ‘male’! in ’is jacket, for then we'd ‘ave no trouble
' -... it, and we could be miles away vhen he
. hep.” ' . _
f“It\doesa’t make any diff'rence. We'll get it.

i’ ay, just as soon as he's sound asleep. I'll

~' up and take the belt off him. It's a ﬁnex
_ "g for us that he's his own banker.” .
Nothin’ like bein' your hown banker," grinned
_.neak thief. ‘I mean to hopen a bank some

A crowbar?” chuckled Smith,
'5'» ’e put that change in ’is pocket. or in
- ct?‘ ,asked Gubbins. taking up the gar-
aild running his nimble fingers through each

 professional celerity. -“Not a l_iloom- '
per!"throwii_ig it upon _the table in_d1sgust.
e a good Jacket,” said Smith, picking it

v ,_ _

 

, report.

- two crooks were fairly taken by surprise.

17

up and looking it over. I'm goin’ to keep it.
Hello! Here's the name sitched in it.”

“ ‘Is name ?”

“Yes-—Ezra Travers.” .

“MY father!” gasped Tom, aloud. his heart al-
most ceasing to beat.

CHAPTER Xll.——Back to Life.‘ V
“What did you say ?" said Smith, turning to his

pa .
“I didn’t say hanythin’," replied Gubbins.
“Yes, you did. You said somethin’ about your

father.”

“ ’0w could I? Vhy, I never ’ad von. It must
'ave been the sailor chap talkin’ in his sleep.”

“If he's asleep we’d better be thinkin’ of gettin’
down to business,” said Smith, taldng a revolver
out of his hip pocket." ’ »

“You hain’t goin’ to shoot ’im. are you '."’ asked
Gubbins_. “It isn't rainin' so ’ard now. Some-
body might be comin’ this way, an ’e’d ‘ear the
Better stick ’im vith this ’er knife, if
you've got to settle 'im," and the London crook
took out of his po‘cket a sheath, from which he
pulled a six-inch blade.

_“I don't know but you're right, Jimmy. Give
me the knife. I can cut the belt-oﬂ’ with it
and he'll be none the wiser. I’d rather get it
without killin’ him if I can.”

Gubbins handed his pal the knife. and Smith,
leaving his revolver on the table, started for
the ladder.‘ The British crook followed him to

‘the corner of the room. probably with the inten-

ticn Of sneaking up after him and watching the
execution of the job.

Tom Travers, who had been standing in a
dazed state since he had heard the mention of
his father's name. now woke up to the urgency
of, the situation. Whether this stranger really
was his long-lost father or not, he was de-
termined to save him even at the risk of his own
life. It was not surprising that he had not recog-
nized the mariner, if the man was his father,
for he was only seven and a-half years old when
his parent left Boston on his ill-fated voyage,
and he ‘had only an indistinct recollection‘ of
what his father looked like at the time. Then
the changes that take place in a person in ten
years would have to be considered also. All
these points had ﬂitted througlrthe boy's mind as
he strove to believe that the man who had gone

into the loft,to sleep was really his dear father‘

actually come back to life.

Tom opened the closet door wide and stood for
a moment/undecided how to act. Smith was
already halfway up the ladder, with the knife
in his teeth. Then it was that Tom ,saw the
revolver lying on the table. With a cry of
satisfaction he jumped out and secured it. Cock-
ing it, he pointedjt at Smith and cried:

“Stop! Another step up that ladder, and I'll
put a ball through\you."

Gubbins turned around and gave a gasp, The
In
order to wake up the man be supposed might be
his father, as well as to impress the
with the fact that he meant business, Tom pulled.

»\ ‘ ‘

    

Q

 V like of that!

   imp susmssv  

the: trigger and sent a ball whizzing‘ close by '
. Smith's ear.

With a smothered imprecation the crook slid
to the ﬂoor,'and. grabbing the knife out of
his mouth. stood as if undecided whether or
not to make a. sudden rush at the boy. who
seemed to be master of the situation. The re-

.‘ port of the revolver awakened the stranger. and
_. he stuck his head down through the opening.
The tableu he saw below rather astonished him.

“Hello! What's the matter?" he asked in a
bluﬂ‘ tone.

_ “The matter is that these fellows intended to
rob you of the money you have in a belt around
your waist,” replied Tom. V

' “Rob me!" exclaimed the chief mate.

’ “It's a lie!” snarled Smith.

“Vell, powder me blue if I hever ’eard the
Ve vouldn't rob nobodv of nothin’
wliatsomdever.” asserted Jimmy Gubbins.

‘That man with the knife in his hand is
Bud Smith, an escaped convict from the State
penitentiary,” said Tom.

With a snarl like a wild beast’s, Smith made

in sudden dash at the boy; but Tom was not

oi his guard in the least.- He jumped behind _the ,
table and ﬁred at the arm that held the knife./’

7; With a roar of pain, Smith staggered back. the
’weapon dropping to the floor.

Jimmy Gubbins.
.panic‘-stricken, dashed out of the back door and
sped across the meadows as»fast as he could 20-
With the ﬂash ‘and report of the second shot
from the revolver the stranger put his foot on
‘the upper round of the ladder and was presently
standing on the ﬂoor of the room.

. N: ' , “Who are you. my lad '."'»he asked in a tone of

'-puzzled wonderment. “I don't qui_te understand
 matter. You say this man. is an escaped
convict. and that he and his companion meant
_to rob me?" -
V “I did say so. and it's a fact. He got-away
from the penitentiary with a companion about
three months ago. You asked me my name-
‘woll, it's"l‘oin Travers." - '

‘Toni Travers!” exclaimed the mariner. slowly.’
‘Tom Travers!" be repeated. an indescribab e
look coming into his eyes. “It cannot be that
you .are——who was your father, boy T" he asked,
thing a step forward in his feverish eagerness.

'.“My father}? replied Tom. in a trembling tone,
‘wan Captain Ezra Travers, of the brig Susan
D ,, N .

 ‘''‘My son!" cried the stranger, rushing forward

hit]: outstretched arms. "My boy Tom-. I am

your father.’ V ‘_ .
“Father. is it indeed you. come backato life?”_
In a‘ inoinent father andvson were locked in

, ‘lather’: arms. The discomfited convict star-
ed at the tableau iuiamazeinent. Then. as if he
 the advantage in it toi-‘himself, he
 toward the door. holding his wounded arm

‘support it. an! in another. inotnent was gone.

,'i, and his father saw him disappear.

* dear. dear hos‘. how you have grown!"
Ezra Travers. .drawing back and con-

hie son with eyes that beamed a-

’  . - “I never. should have

our motbei-.". he added eager-

‘d.htt_b~D_or‘a. Where are

ibis neigbborhood;ﬂou:?'.

we long ago received news of the loss of the"
Susan Dean. and never heard tidings from you
or any of the brig’s company. we naturally came
to look upon you as dead.” '

“Dead!” said Captain Travers. “Yes. Iwhavo,

been dead to the world for ten long years. But,’ «' "

thank heaven, I have at last returned to life’
and my dear ones again." 
“I will have to break the news to mother before‘,
you can meet her. father.” .
“Yes, yes. I will go with you at once.” .~
“We live at Barmouth, a few miles south of-
Boston." 9-
“Barmouth! I know the place. How h3‘DD?JlS_
it you are down in this neighborhood, then?’ I.
“I brought mother down to Plymouth for _a—
few days’ change of scene. We have rooms ;at‘-—
the hotel there.” ' ‘
“Plymouth!
here," said the captain, eagerly. “Let us—_start.
at once. I am nearly wild to clasp your mother.
in my arms again.” '
“I am ready, father,”
stopped raining. I think.
before we can reach town. .
rascals have got away. Well, it ‘doesn't «mat
ter—they will be captured sooner or later, that’:
pretty certain. Come. father.” ‘-

As Tom spoke. the candle in the neck of  _,

bottle on the table gave one last expiring ‘gasp
and went out, leaving them in darkness. _
father and son, so strangely reunited, left the.
miserable and deserted shanty, arm in arm,
turned their faces up the lane toward the

that ‘led to Plymouth.

‘_ CHAPTER XlII.——Harnessine.

“Mother,” cried Tom, rushing into the.roo:I!
occupied by his mother and Patty at the sine

inn at Plymouth two ‘hours later. “I have won-
derful news to tell you." , X‘ I
“Indeed, my son? What is it?” 3
“Do you think you can stand a sudden..shoe§'s;
mother?’ _  "‘*¥3=
“A shock. Tom?" asked Mrs. Tavers. aDﬁl'Qi
hensively. “What do you mean? Surely noth-.
ing has happened to your sister?"  “
“No, gnother. This shock is one of so ._
‘great joy. - Can you stand it? Suppose you “
that father was alive ?”
“Alive!” "
"Mrs. Travers clasped her handsover her 2
while her face went quite white. » _
“Your. father—alive!" she whispered ' , ,
strange, tense _tone. “Tom, is this true! II ‘
really a fact that he is not dead. after all?"_  it?
“It is really true. mother. He is both -
and well. and not far away.” ~' 1,“ ,,‘_;r
The little woman. who had for so many? *
regarded herself as a widow. treinbled'vio1en
as the news forced itself through her ;

'i~*- :

Then she would have falleiihad not Tom

forward and caught her in his strong arias.
“Fatherlfvhe cried loudly, and as if the .

had been a preconcerted signal "

the bearded mariner rushed into

in another moment; had his .

H ’ i '7'

 “C03,”; R

That’ is but a few miles from,-

“.‘>’I5“.'»'
..A

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

8

V had been a spectator of the unexpected scene,
_ s go outside for a little while."
5 Tom and Patty wentﬂownstairs to the office,
here the boy sent a dispatch, to_. Jack Harding,
-- - him that Captain Travers had turned up
a remarkable manner, and requesting him to
the happy news to Dora." That night the
-~: d and father learned all the particulars

what had transpired since he left Boston in
- Susan Dean, on the voyage destined to be

last.
"Tom also_told him about his polishing_bus_i-
-~— and what he expected to accomplish with it.
it reader may well believe that there wasn't a
. ppier little family party from Maine to Cali-
fornia than that gathered in the Travers’s room

‘:51: the Plymouth Inn that night. The first thing
A .. did'in the morning was to notify the Ifly-
uth cbnstable about the presence of _Bud Smith,
. ».. convict. and his companion, Jimmy Gub-
; in that locality. _A posse was organized
‘catch them. but nothing came of it. /
Toni cut their stay at Plymouth short by 9.
«kill? as his father was extremely anxious to see

» ‘ and so next morning they took the first

backto Barmouth. Our herotelegravhed
of their coming ahead, and thus- it hap-
 —- that Jack and Dora were at the station
_ meet them when they stepped out of the cars.
Nut day the Barmouth Courant printed the story
[of Captain Ezra vers’s ten years’ soJourn_on
 little island of _the coast of South America,
and the story reappeared in the prominent Bos-
’ ughout the country. Tom, eferred  trip
West for a week in order to onger enjoy the
W i - of the father from whom_ he had been
. ng separated.

‘Captain Travers decided that he had had
 of the sea for the rest of his life, and
ressed his intention of settling down at the
= - » his wife had purchased with his savings.
Was the habit he had practised from boyhood
carrying his money strapped around his waist
a waterproof belt that enabled him to save
‘$1,000 odd when the Susan Dean went ashore,

loss, on the South Atlantic island.
a: Tom reached Chicago with his supply of
- ~ : he started to boom his “Polishiiie" on

=.. ~- 1: similar scale as he had followed in
York. He canvassed the leading wholesale
-'« , and the better class of retail shoe stores.
ﬂveral of the latter, and in department stores,
-introduced demonstrators to show the public
the polish could accomplish. He also suc-
in interesting the heads of two great
v houses—the biggest in he countrY—l!_l
mgic polish. and made‘ big contracts with
to furnish a special sized bottle of the
for their exclusive trade. He spent a
in the Windy City, and before he left

4

 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

the ball rolling in that locality.
grdsult of his Chicago hustling was a rush
 that compelled Jack Harding to move

-innufacturing department to roomier quar-
aé well as to enlarge the working ﬁne.
Spent two weeks in_€‘ii1;lcinnati and rec
{in St. Louis, estalilis g a branch oﬂice
-gity. with a wide-awake young man in
of it. Kansas City and a dozen other

 AN EYE To BUSINESS’

dailies, as well as in many other newspapers .

. an agency in a prominent street to_

‘ 19
cities _of the Middle West were visited. and the
Polislune forced upon the attention of the mer-
chants and general public with great success.

Tom returned to Barmouth the day before
Christmas. He found the business going on in
accordance with the tenor of Patty's letters. Jack
had his hands full keeping up with the orders
that_ were now coming  every day for the
magic compound that wa taking like wildﬁre
everywhere it became known to the public. His
New York agent had succeeded, after many at-
tempts, in catching a big Broadway novelty house
on a large contract. The manager of this com-
pany had turned Tom himself down three times
while he was in New York, and the young man
had left the capture of the house to his hustling
agent to accomplish. with instructions to keep at
them till he got a contract.

The first order was for 200 dozen bottles,
special size and label, and necessitated another
increase of the working force in the Barmouth
factory.‘ Altogether, the outlook for the magic
polish was very encouraging. Tom, during
Christmas week. discovered that he had another
string. to his bow. He experimented with Pol-
ishine on harness leather. and found that it
was equally as effective as on shoe leather. He
decided, therefore. to put up a special brand for
the harness trade, which hereafter he would
make a side issue with Polishine proper. It was
practically the same article, but Tom's object
was to make it appear to be a special compound
for harness makes’ use only. He gave it al-
together a different tint, without changing its
quality at all. and he ordered a special shaped
bottle from the glassworks to contain it.

He began to introduce it by inserting ad-
vertisements in the leading harness makers’ trade
papers throughouttthe country. The secret of
changing the magic shoe polish into the magic
harness polish was intrusted to Captain Ezra
Travers to carry out in a special room of the
factory. Cans of Polishine went in one door
and came out bottled Harnessine at another, the
only real difference between the two being the
color and smell.

CHAPTER XlV.—Cor-cl'usion.

New Years Day dawned cold and cloudy.
People when they looked out of doors that morn-
ing said it would probably snow before night.
Tom, who expected to start on his southwestern
trip in a few days, decided to take advantage of
the time-honored custom of making calls on that
day, somewhat out of vogue in Barmouth. as well
as elsewhere. to visit his numerous circle of
friends, who had seen very little of him since
the preceding summer. He was welcomed with
open arms, and made a great deal of.

His popularity with the girls would have been_

greater but forxthe fact that it was generally
known in town that be was engaged to be mgrﬁgd
to Patty 'Penrose—whose luck in catching him.
all the young ladies of Barmouth envied. Every-
body wanted to know if Tom was making a-
fortune out of Polishine, the general imp,-e;3i¢u_
being that he was, because of the increas'

amount of business people noted about th po '

factory. It was snowing quite hard w Ton

 

. ._ .f...;
,1":

  

2o _ AN EYE T0 BUSINESS

5_ tore himself away from the house where he with a revolver. left his house en route for 1
'- ‘ . made his last call. It was close on to midnight» the Kemp home. They cautiously approached
and he_started oﬂ briskly toward his home a the rear of the premises and found that the
mile away. The air was thick with heavy flakes kitchen window had been forced. Tom Travers
of snow, which, as there was little wind, fell looked at the window a moment and then tried.
stnikht down and lay in an ever-increasmz mass the door. It was unfastened. Evidently the ‘
upon housetop. ﬁeld and roadway. slight and agile London thief had got through .
Tom had to pass Nwhan Kemp's dwelling. The the window and then unfastened the door to allow 3
secretary of the Boston Missionary Society had his companion, who was a thickset fellow, to
never forgiven Tom for the past he played in enter. Tom and the constable made their way ”
helping Patty Penrose to cut loose from his softly upstairs to the second ﬂoor. Herethey 3:
family rooftree. He had had several girls in found one of the doors ajar. They pushed it- 1
Patty’s place, but none stayed very long, as they open and entered the room. S -
C0l1ldn't Eet on at all with Miss Priscilla. Whose A lamp was burning on the table. It was .
domlneerlnlt Ways theY 1'e3ented- The!’ _¢°“ldn’l3 Natham Kemp's practice to sleep with a light ~.
.- i find a second Patty, and Mr. Kemp and his sister turned hm, in his mom_ Bud Smith had turned 1
laid the blame Of their loss “P011 'l_‘°m'5 l’1'93d the wick up the better to see what they could
, shoulders. The girl's prospersity_ since leaving ﬁn-d_ Both the “SW18 were in the mom. with
- them was also a thorn in their sides. Had she their hacks to the do°,._smith in the act of
been Olllited 170 W01'lK 35 3 0913100“ f3°t°1'Y 3171 prying open a bureau drawer, while Gubbins was.
in one of the nearby towns it would have been holding. down the gagged ﬁgure of Nathan Kemp ;
solineﬁhiililg ofxa ﬁatisfacticih ti>a&:‘li1em.f Insteadfoli’ in the hed_ A
w ic S e was ig up t e er 0 success u u I’ seals!» re ’,
°ml’l°3'me“tl;t and 3‘ Z;'xaS“]i,n‘iY'Eint:‘,?tbf1ls‘fnevlS':S ac" covsiililgenélieiiitllovtiitrll his weraopaomd the constable. 
tuall ne 0 is . - . '.
Na’t.h:;npaKem1p’;npi-oeperty had a frontage of “Blessed  _of the mint!.’' Easbed Gubblne. -.
a hundred feet on the road, with 3 thick hedge releasing his victim. “ve’re scragged!"
'~-. ' on either side of the house. As Tom_ neared “Help! help!" screamed Nathan Kemp. after 1‘
ix gfg Iggdgsetgeplhsard da lwoéceecgltthe othér side Efﬂllte. tearing the cloth from his mouth. 3
7' " 13 Y P 3“ 15 3'“ ° see —°n° ° Bud Smith sullenl ielded t H
 speakers was Nathan Kemp. The first ‘words circumstances. and Ji‘;nn’;y Gubbgs _fl:§lo£:e’§°su‘;{ 
 that struck upon his ear were spoken in the when he saw that the game was up They wen i
2 familiar cockney accents of the London sneak being handcuﬁed when Miss Priscilla rm int‘ -7'1:
T thief with wh°m he ll °°m° "‘t° °°“ta'°.t 13.5: ‘the room in rather light apparel. She screamed ‘
" i gl;£1'11St 6111 ttlle  shack d°w“ the [me m and ﬂed, when she saw that the room was full’
 . mou wns . -
; ‘I “Vell, dash my vig, if ’ere hain'.t a _go," Jimmy 3: !rl1l~?,1,'lav1s«,:vSee1:m:g ti? }h:r"su1:§::g:'d Kheiﬁp 5119;:
Gllbbins W35 59-Yingv in 3 t°“° °f d‘5“7.“s,t'.. “S° lawful intentions. and was surprised to learn that
Y°“'V° been alld 90'“? “ml 1°97‘ the bl°.°m“." -llmml’ it was all owing to Tom that he was saved from l
vo vor dependin’ on to bust the door in vith. Vot being robbed. He expressed no gratitude’ how; 
l

 are ye gain’ to do now 2'” _ even I 1
in “_W9llv‘ We'll tackle ‘‘ Winder» l-hell!" °°“s°“l"d Tom ‘helped march the crooks to the lockull 
' smltlh Next day they were brought before the mag'is- /"~

 

“I ’ove you hain’t made no mistake habout trate and examined. In the end, Smith was re-
’is havin’ money in the ’ouse. ’cauSe Ve need It turned to the State Prison to ﬁnish his sentence,:'—
wuss than anythink I know of.” _ with a new indictment hanging over his head. 

“He’s got a wad all right. I saw _him countm’ on_ which he would be arrested and brought to f
it in the train "from Boston last night. _and his trial as soon as.he had served his term as :i‘;..,
couldn't have banked it to-day to save his life. Night Hawk. Jimm_v'Gubbins was tried. con— 

 

“Maybe ’e ’as a strong box in ’is bedroom." victed, and sent to keep him_ company for *a ,. ’
“Shut up your trap. and let’s get about the number of years. After the trial Nathan Kempﬂi
business,” _ thanked Toni in_ a grudzinz manner for what ‘E
Tom didnat hear am; more, and concluded thht he hag done in his behalf. but they never became 5:
the rascals had zone toward the house to begin ’ We" 3" _ ' 
operations. Tom pushed the hedge aside and Tom made a successful tour to Philadelpﬁlé-3

saw _the two crooks just disappearinz around the and the South in the interests of “Polishine,'’ ’:
corner of theone-story kitchen ‘annex. _ and subsequently_ went West to conquer new
“It will take them a little W'hIls to get into the ﬁelds of, enterprise. _ Two years elapsed. and 
' building,” thought the boy. " I’ll_ have time then a _thr_ee-story l-melt f8<_=t0I'Y was erected by 
enough to run over to Constable _SDrlKgln s house the Pollslune Company‘. which was now doing ggf‘
androut him out of bed and into his clothes. land oiﬁce business.‘ On Toms_ twenty-first bi1'ﬂ;&"_~_§
Then we'll come back and do these chaps up. * <£1i%'el::en:g:luel:1a'l:3tYacV;7ere gxarntid. butdthe yotliilfr
It'didn’t tak T b t few minutes to reach ° ° 35 °°1’9_ YY an Treasurer‘ "'—.
the constable’sedoi)n.i'1cile1. aHe munded loudly on °f the °°mp‘my‘ ‘lack Hardm‘ “ml Dim‘ 
- the door. and Di-esently Mr. Sprizsrins came down- been “'¢<lde<‘l tW0 Years before that happy e_Ve!rt."‘”?
shits‘ _ in a suit of tropicahl-loofl:i::i};12'epl::'.‘J;aiiilas.  , — "‘
~ ' ' a . 2 . , 
. told him an a few wor s o 1-: any Next wehkvs lssue will contain “TIPPED '

" thé‘ ' d-that k th nstabl ,
§',';“t,,°§ se,,,,“,§'f’."h§“d,m,, 7° ° ° °° ° THE TICKER; or, AN AMBITIOUS nor;

Iiiinutes later he and Tom. each ﬁarmed WALL_STREE'1‘-" ‘

a /

  
 

   
 
 

   
 
  

     
  

;,,v

   
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
 
 

TOO MUCH MUSCLE

lql '_a snap heard by layers’and fans, John

. ’s right arm bro e as he was pitching
batter at Portland, Me. An X-ray showed
re, probably because the muscles were
r than the bone.

HORSESHOE GROWS ‘IN TREE

Romeo chopped down an old tree at Had-
Id, N. J., and was making ready to lay in
9‘! y of winter kindling when his axe gave
-... horseshoe. From the position of the
j in the tree and from the rings indicat-
tree’s age, Romeo ﬁgured that the shoe
" _ have been in ‘the tree since 1777.

; N siiimxs IN MANILA BAY
ei-men have reported an unusual number
s in Manila Bayiin recent weeks, and

-~ - in the Philippines and adjacent is-
have driven the sharks into less disturbed

 i  foams 
CURRENT NEWS

ring. When the log was split he found.

scientists believe that the many, earthquakes .

 

were lying in the bay near Cavite “swimming
call” for the crew sounded each day, but now
crews of the American ﬂeet are forbiddento swim
in. the deep_ water unless they remain within the
wire screening at Canacao Bay, where the Cavite
naval station is located. .

A NEW INVENTION

When the average man warms his hands before
the ﬁre of his hearth he has little thought of how
far away _the heat may be felt. However, if
there were any relation between the practical and
scientiﬁc recording of heat a device discovered
at the Johns Hopkins Physical Laboratory might
eliminate many worries about coal bills.

The device, known as a vacuum threniopile,
where_ heat may be recorded at i-eat distances
from its source,» has been invente by Dr. A. H.
Pfund, associate professor in physics at Johns
Hopkins University, according to a report just
released. The instrument has proved so effective
thst in tests at Allegheny Observatory, where 9
reﬂector was used in conjunction with the ther.
mopile, heat radiation was detected from a candle
eighteen miles away. . .

  
     
   
     
     
    
      
     
       

  

   
 

...; you. 'Here they are:

“THE

.'IF NOT, WHY N01‘? 11‘ is A coon BUY!

 ‘A glance over_ the following contents will impress upon your mind that it
a’-,“comer.” It-is the only _magazine on the market which has a story broad-
“_gver.the radio by Stations WJZ and WJY. V

.’ﬁie.‘Featuré. Story in No. 166, now on the newsstands, is
‘ ' “MIXED MOTIVES” ‘

M g - _ _-‘ By E'ricHowar{1 g

N story. [The Two-part Serial commencing in this number is

* ~“THE HOUSE ON LINCOLN ROAD”

T H ' ,., b ——By Jack Gottlieb and Elmer Yalkan ' .

<2  are six short stories, 'every.one interesting, as titles and authors will

“VA:.\".“ ' foicxeirs CAT,” .-by‘ Jack Bechdolt. ,

  .AYfSHADOW,” by James" W. Egan " . ‘~

"  _»‘_"l‘ELLTALE- SHREDS,” by Dale D. Kier‘ - ’

. .‘"I'HI-:' T01’ §ALEswlN_” hr Edward Ettinger
W MAN)".  D12. W. J.  -

 

 

 

x’
as
.,"L

 

 

  
    
   

 
  

222  - ‘FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

T Roh and the. Reporters b.§‘.*:“:;:s °.::::::’:: :12. ‘:.i:::*= W ** '‘“”
M ' O Pushing through the woods, they came to
i — r’ 7- road; they walked on until they came in sight of

iiusuingrog Wu, New. by Wireleu the cw '

  
     
  

“Now, Rob,” said Brown,‘ “from this on we bﬂfr
ter do no talking.- hYou walk behind me and carry ’
. the grip; ‘assume 1. e air of a servant as best yqf
By GASTON GARNE . cans Once ‘we get the papers we will keen cloﬁn
\ . and take no chances. And now I’ll tell you

something. If we succeed, General Taylor v

   
          
        
  
 
    
     
   
   
   
  

 

 

    

N
(A sen“ Story‘) ' promised to make an exception in our ‘cases :
allow us to remain with the army.” ‘

CHAPTER XVL This was certainly good news for Rob, wiho wu

ﬁd. . wild to distinguish himself with the "Earth."
' ‘th A331“ They pressed forward, entering the city I

  

I little after six o’clock. ’
“Exactly," replied Totten. “When General _ . . - , 
Taylor made you name over the cities you had ch“‘:*ﬁe§§';’('i”“))1‘A‘;‘]i1“oﬁéggatedr they “"9 P’°“‘P,t§

T ’ ' ' ' Ge man d th‘:
5 3:3: tlliet¥<lEst?arYto8fknow the'vDli$nu, 3}-ngfurse-:'3 What was said Rob of course could not I : -

“Sure. That big church on the left.” Stand. but the Papers -BYOWH exhibited‘ ' ., ,

2 “Exactly. You will ﬁnd that‘it has to do with satisfactory. and they were remitted W W

your instructions. Just _as quick as it is dark we ceed- * ' _; N3,

 descend into thﬂt blt of woods YOU see S0l1th Old men’ women and children \}'ere plqxtyﬁ‘
of the ci . There we shall land you. Then the enough, butithere were no young men to be V '_‘_

  

     
   
  

     
  
    
    
 

  
  

~' fun will gin." p Many shops were closed; in others busin: 
The twilight soon faded and the aeroplane be- peared to be going on as usual. A general  « . .
n its descent. A excitement prevail d. ‘ -

Slowly the Wright settled down over the woods. BPOWII appeal‘ to know his W8? 1101'‘
“Ha the war been felt in" this section at all?" ‘He dodged up one street and down another
asked Rah T at length he turned into a dingy little cafeat

‘fNo," replied Lieiitenant Totten. “We are now l0W€I' end Of Koenigstfﬁsseo Where they ‘'

  
    
     
         
     
    
    
 

  

' ‘I er out of its track. That's why this place themSe1VeS at 8 t8b1e- - .
was chosen for the'de-livery of the dispatches we An old man with a wart on his nose came
are after.” ward to wait on them. ‘

“About picking us.ufp,” said Brown. “There Brown called for twoglasses of beer," an
must be no mistake.‘ I .I’m caught at this bus1- i3;_was placed on the table he whispered in ~_
‘ lieu it spells death for me at all events, whatever lish: . 5 i_ ,
it III! 31033 f°‘' R05-" ’ »' _ ’ “I represent Captain Steinmever." T ‘.5-
_ “All I can _say is what‘ I have already said.’ - The old man looked hard at him and  _
_‘ replied the lieutenant. Day after to-rnorrow, something in German. _ _ ;_
_ jgvreciaely at midnight, I shall be here with the Never had Rob niore keenly realized the’
- right if I am able to make it. ’ vantage he was at .ln not understanding the
" “But if you should fail to turn 11!)?” _ $l1389- ’
— “Then you must do the best you can. It will Theo“ man ‘aft the mom. Brown , 
_ be useless to look for me afterwards. I shall not to talk wig,‘ his ﬁngers aha Rob to ,m,,,”_v _

  

 
  
    
    

     
    
      

  
 
 
  
     
      
     

   
 

pcoue."~. ,  At th tblesth 1 ~.
. '3 811811 deal"? the 'P8N.TS 111 “I3: €355 Y°“ advgncfald iii years,“:vhvfge?‘tli?m  e».
_ .. can tell General Taylor so from me. _ _But Rob was not kept long under an —

. . "I certainly should if I were in your place;
,7; hot don't talk any mode, pleasls. I must, give my §<;:ktel;1e‘ol2wm;gr§s;:¢%e;Lt£;1 ,;:;tu$e¢-if and. . H M
?.u"'“l‘§'c‘.5x;-‘£»‘ii'sil‘éIi‘f“""' ~ 33°; §1eg;,°rg;r=;i>ov;1;~ere‘a narrow ﬂit‘-t.°1
later and with his brother reporter . ‘ ‘ -'
e:~»c;;g»«m-«Ives «tone i»-,3;-;, ram with "P ..:::.'e..:*;ii.:::.’°m:.*:°.:;“.::::..:
"as. 5.2.2:. . ::';2’..:':;k...- “Do we .,.~ .. at  at a» no   e ‘
‘malt. th to‘ tonight?” He nodded to Brown nmtkept on writing,. (
.5-“revs heeen iliinking about that," replied Brown, when lthsgidr l¢;'on;l,i1ictor  1}-Ic_tii-ed and tin
~'1-V 1, - t},g't 111,, wasco e rewsieispenand,V
~'~,,; rlanﬁdfor iiscgngeitgaitn  until ha;li1reak.. 581* ill 1158 l3‘. Salt?! " '
cjgygg Q3593; digguj5g.g1-Q’ wg are ﬁaug to be “HOW '¢Om ll: Chit you 813 1131!’, '°
1wid,I1l'l!,75the poﬁce ‘if we go prowling. about Steiimﬁyefl” . A . ‘
.  at this hour, We will wait until day- “Dead,” replied Brown. _“Ain I .~ » »
‘_ fandgtlien ipake a strike tor the town. Doctor Corded". — ., » ,
‘ a  “a an e at the ‘::Yes. » Hive you the passwords‘? -
 ‘V _  V‘ \ * A . , .

 nan

    
 
   
   
     
     

  

     
   
   
 
     
 
  

  
 
 

       
   

       
  
    
 
 

    
      
 
  

 

\ , 

   
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
    
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
   
 

LIANUFACTURING A LAKE

A‘ heavy blast, ﬁred in the Pextang stone quar-
3, one of the largest workings in Central Penn-
lvania, turned the quarry into a permanent lake
Overnight. The charge blew a hole _in the bottom
the rock and struck a spring, which in twenty-
"four hours made a_ lake approximately 400 feet
«long, 100 feet in width and from ﬁve to seventy
eet in depth. Assistant State Geologist R. 
stone expressed the ‘opinion that the lagoon .15

permanent.

SUBWAY BEGGAR HAS EASY PICKING
Union beggars are getting $5 a hour this season,
it would appear from developments in Flatbush
Court Brooklyn, N. Y. Alexander Thompson of
onkers was arraigned before Magistrate Steers,
.. rged with vagrancy after he had been arrested
in =3 subway station by an officer of the Men-
dioan S ad. - .
Thociynpsttliii told the _Judge he commuted daily
_, flroin.-Yonkers to favorite spots in Brooklyn where
_ pickings were good. The Judge expressed the
 that Brooklynites were pretty gullible to
. taken in by professional beggars. Thompson
-was not severe in his demands on the Brooklyn
.. . " He told the Judge he merely stayed long
mgh to collect about $5, which takes about an
.7 ‘d

_.i

O'Brien, up on the same charge and with twenty
4.», ‘(ms convictions, got six months.

ﬁt  them when they start work and use
 es. ~

* ‘m°EST::.3a*:, *sc::3.T° 
Eighty passengers will leave Southampton in
=. on the Westward, the largest motor yacht
oat, on a ten months’ tour around the world
1  research purposes. The ship is owned
Commander C. H. Lightoller, who, as second
, ~‘ aboard the 1Tg:‘anic, iiemained aboard the
Wen“ -liner unti e san . .
‘- e Hydrographic Oﬁice. of the Umted States
 Department has provided the Westward
; set of charts covering the proposed tour
has asked Mr. Lightoller to report on their
' . The Westward will call at the West
.., thence Sailing through the Panama Canal
' " uth Sea Islands.
' ’ -. Sgouching at Malpelo the yacht will make
alapagos and the Marquesas Islands. The
= gag group, composed entirely,of extinct
‘Eh’ .. cones, is probably the weirdest 1'5 0f
in the world. The Paumotu Island , fa-
for the pearl lagoons, will be the next stop-
 - then the Society Islands, Samoa, F131,
Loyalt , New Caledonia and Brisbane.
' vessel n will thread her way up Great
Reef to 'l‘hursday.Island, Gulf of Car-
' and throughthe islands, of the Malayan
, .—vis_iti_ng Christmas Islands, Cocos,

   
  

  

   
 
 

u‘Gra‘?i‘o ’ 

V FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
FROM EVERYWE O '

sai . _
e Jﬁidge gave Thompson sixty days. Timothy .

Both‘Thompson and O’Brien have wooden legs,

 

CATCHING AN OCTOPUS

On the coasts of Cornwall, England, the largest
octopi are readily caught on the ﬁsherman’s hook,
and an objectionable companionship’ is sometimes
the-result. This was the case recently near Ma-
vagissey. On a dark autumn night, in a small
boat, Samuel Kelly was ﬁshing on the high rocks
off the Griﬂin Headland, when one of these devil-
ﬁsh took his bait, and with the usual effort was
hauled on board. But his difficulty was to get.
the hook to continue his work, for he had been
successful in catching several pollock and conger,
and the moment he touched the brute some of its
clammy tentacles would embrace his arm, holding
him to the spot, for its other arms were fastened
around.the thwart. Soon the beast became so
violent that it really made him fear it.

He made a supremeetfort to get his hook, but
the creature fastened its largest suckers on the
back of his right hand, and in the battle he had
to drop his line and with the nails of his left
hand to dig the suckers out of his ﬂesh, for they
seemed to bury themselves there.

After this experience there was no more doubt
or indecision in the ﬁght, for, seizing a sharp
knife, he quickly cut the hook from its hold, upon
which the cuttle crept away to another part of
the boat.

But this did not ﬁnish Mr. Kelly's night wo
for on again throwing out his line he had a sti
heavier haul, and when it came to the waterline
he used all his strength, for the line was new
and__stronger than he could break.

In_ his dilemma he had to hold on tiwht and,
looking over the side by the aid of a ﬂickeriﬁ
light, he found himself glaring into the eyes
another devilﬁsh, and a much larger one than the

first.

He further found that the creature had taken
the boat for its enemy and was attacking it with
all its force, its tentacles embracing the stern on
the one hand and running forward to near the
middle section on the other.

On thinking over his recent troubles with its
neighbor, and the waste of time likely to ensue in
a still longer encounter with a stronger brute, he
decided not to risk another fight. but to use the
a(l"av*tage of its violent onslaught on the boat.

Taking his knife and watching his 0 portunity
he ﬁnally cut the hook out of the intro er, which,
on being liberated. soon dropped out of sight.

The next day I veriﬁed most of Mr. Kelly’!
statements. _

The arms of’ the dead octopus in the boat

‘stretched over seven feet, and on the back of Mr.

Kelly’s hand was a very black, round bruise about ‘ a
half an inch in diameter, corresponding with the
inner circle of one of the largest suckers of tho.
dead octopus. . ‘ ~

Since then he has caught several of these cut-"
ties, and one whose arms stretcheotover six feet.
and a half. " ’ «

In our waters none of these yhead-footed mo!-‘
lusks have beg! known to take hubby life, high‘
i_s scarcely ‘ ’ , i:_I.«f_avorab,|e .

 

—\-

 
 
    
     
   
       
   
  
 
   

     

    
  
   
      
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
 

M.

  

 2'4. FAME AI~l'D FORTUNE WEEKLY.

  INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND HINTS I

 

. ANQTHER TUBE ‘ V 600 _meters. Perfect shielding and pig-tail ooh-.
The Pratt tube was invented by ‘Dr. H. P. nectxons assure clear tones. Furthermore. the
19”“ of chicago_ It consists of two mates in ampliﬁcation is uniformly maintainedjhrouglicut
disk form in parallel. with a double spiral grid Q16 bI‘03d¢3$-ting 1'9J’|8'8- This V8l‘i0-l51’3!|Sf0l'lI1M"
’ inserted between the plates and ﬁlament; The 18 p_ut out has a_ separate instrument, and also in
..—»I, ,1.” vogtage varies from 3 to 40 volts_ It oper- COIlJllI‘lCtl0n with a socket and rheostat, all
" ates on four dry cells or a 6-volt storage battery mounted on a neat socket. '
and consumes .25 ampere.

  

 

-.-——,:——— .THE TRANSINDUCTOR 4
‘ One stage of radio frequency ampliﬁcation This new transforming apparatus was designed
ahead of the crystal detector works more efﬁ- and invented by Clinton H. Hulbert. One oi the;
clently than two or three stages. If further latest types of transinductors is applied 
stages are employed there will be a reduction in push—and-pull radio-frequency transformer. This
signal strength. A stage of radio frequency am- is the first instance of push-and-pull 
rliﬁcation adds to the selectivity of a crystal de- quency‘ ainnliﬁcatioyi. Pusli—and-pull ampliﬁca-
tegtox-_ tion applied to radio-frequency with tlie.nse—;oY
. __...__:_ transinductors is said to overcome distortion, in‘.
THEORY AND PRACTICE crease ampliﬁcation, and give super-selective tiili-.
' Theoretically, a onetube reﬂex_is equal to three ing; in fact, it has similar_ advantages to those
tubes, as it is designed '90 furnish one stage of of the well_—known audio push-and-pull ampliﬁes-_._
radio frequency and one stage of audio frequen- _tion in radio-frequency. The nush-and-null trans-“
cy ampliﬁcation; however, in practical use the inductor by means of one dial is capable of con-
uverage one-tube reﬂex’ is equal to or slightly trolling the magnetic inductance, capacity 
better than a two-tube set.‘ , ' iron._ It acts as a complete wave-‘length tuner gt
————-—-—— ~ maximum efficiency. from 200 to 600 meters.‘ 3!?-
TWO GOOD HINTS requires no vi i-iable condenser or any otheweon-e
. A condenser in series with the antenna or trol to bring_out super-selectivity and sensitite:
ground reduces the wave length. The smaller the -nes_s in receiving, according to the inventor Q’
‘ vacity of such a condenser the greater will he claims. , ’,
. e reduction in wave length. A loading coil is —————.
, used to reach higher wave length _than the.set , RADIO BEACHES BRAZIL . _ ;
can otherwise reach in connection with a Darticu- Dr. A. Hz‘Taylor of the Naval Research Lﬂiog
lar ‘antenna. It produces the Same results 85 ratory of‘Washington. who has been experimeiqb-it

 
 
   
         
  
     

 
   

  
  

~ lengthening the antenna. , ing with transmission, recently spanned the cone
-—j-—-— tinent with a 54-meter wave. A few days 
CARE OF LIGHTS this achievement the head of the Naval u..

Azvaclmm tube Shmlld 7101? be lighted Bt.m8X- research work was surprised to get a letter fro __
jinum brilliancy. The more current supplied to Rio ¢1g.Janeu-0 stating that his 54-met,e,- 
the filament the more electljons ﬂow. but 9-ft?!‘ mitter at Bellevue had been heard also 

. a certain ﬁlament brilliancy is reached there will distant city, ,

A ‘be. no further flow of electrons. This 33 called _His last report is especially interesting. as

 the “critical point" or “saturation point. If the distance is 4,780 miles over land and sea f
i ‘ﬁlament is burned past the critical point, the life diﬂiculty has frequently been fauna in 

   

   
   
     
 
  

     
     
      
   
    
  
  

      

-.‘of+ the tube, is shortened without an increase in_,_ radio messages over the part of South -- V
eﬂiciency. which projects eastward into the Atlantic.
'—-——-—-——- _ reportrfrom the fan in Rio. whose name in . v
THE INVISIBLE LOUD-SPEAKER combe stated that at 11 p. m. on July 1, 3 '

 
  
  

 Along with the tendency to place all radio he heard the_ special short wave set from ~
.. equipment in a ﬁne cabinet so as to find a place vue. D. C.. distinctly. : _ ,
 forjt in the living-room, there _is a tendency to On the West Coast is was an amateur b
place the loud-speaker in a cabinet. Several_of name of Stanley T. Runvon. operator of _
‘ the present offerings are in the form of attractive 6 A G E, who_ reported the reception ‘of .
cabinets, provided with a scroll and screen front. Taylor's transmissions on July 14.
Just as‘ in the case of the modem phonograph, it _These coni_irmations that short-wave , : .

seems almost certain that the awkward loud- sions area-eliable for long distances comeias‘
‘gapeuker horn must eventually disapper into acab- i ucement to amateurs to try out’ the‘ 
‘ inlet. . ' e »

   
  
  
  
   

in

  
   
 
   

we e lengths. especially since the Den 
. ————-———-—— Commerce has~just (ﬁned several bands for
RADIO _, I~‘REQU1li)l£lg1‘{1'A,GPI:N A HANDY use b<1low.200 met . One of the hands

V, ‘ . tel rad th 1‘ t _ chides the wave lenzth used by the
 ‘ on cmare a r.  . . 
Tlgtmnudbhunlder §l'l?£1p:?lnpllﬁI€S ‘g!:dpr;)bl1iem at :Dr. T:zlor,.t§m1§i;n‘iits on. 5; or;
..a i  ....~ " t‘ . ii’ vin ednos_ , an in ii‘ I 3 .
  ﬂI€dl?:l  tlgipa rio‘- 11; o'clookyand at laalfiiiaslzthese hmin

..  ’  _-oc- inetersuio thatill ante. have an .

200 ta'toiit}th.¢ii: mo vers_£er« him; ’«

   
 
  

    
       
 
   
 

  
  

  

    
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
 
  
   

 

  ANn Fo1_2TUNr. WEEKLY‘
coon Raining

 

LIGHTNING AND MULE

electric cable being stretched by mule power
Bnrgin, Ky., was struck by a bolt of lightning.

mule’: resultant kick hurled the shoes on his
- feet off and forty feet away. Examination
 that the nails had been straightened and
wnoas clean as if done by a blacksmith. The
e was burned a bit,‘but will recover.

WATER-FILLED CAVE BAFFLES
- w EXPLORERS
». oration of .a la unnamed cave near Na-
« ., uthernflge ,hasbeenbegunbya
. - of City residents. Recently ﬁve men,
. g in water sometimes three feet deep, pene-
I the cave for 300 feet,*but they were forced
' xby lack of oxygen. _ _
& entrance, about five feet in diameter, was
I - H  several years ago. Just how far back
- cave runs could not be determined by those
' the exploration party. but in some places in-
jit was 50 feet from the ﬂoor to the roof.
more suitable equipment is received’ a thor-
survey is planned.

VSTRIKES; cnown THROWS our
HUSBAN

D

. -... admirers of Frau ‘Emmy Shaw, the

- ,1 Mine. Ppmpadour now_ playing in Dres-
‘ waited in vain the other night for the cur-
to rise on the second act, The lad had sud-
attack. The mana er_ appeared _ore the
A made abject apo ogie_s and promised the
. the return of the price of their seats.
' usband of the singer, Dr. Hamko, shouted
“ or the boxes that no salary had been
 wife for weeks past. The indignant au-
. however, sided with the manager, yelling
£75 a night was too high a salary for any
~ -in times of eneral stress, and to rehezvo
“feelings they girew the angry husband out

_ _‘ theatre.

 

;

A . ' . I

‘ . -SPURNING wcgm BRIBE. SAVES

‘ ’ .‘ .\ ‘ _  

Broberg, a messenger boy employed by
 Union Telegraph Coin any at its of-
196 Broadway, was comm ed or remem-
the rules of the company, even when con-

ribe. ‘He received a re-
and Traders Bank also

‘ _ - i stopped Broberg on Broadway and
_ _.'him 50 centsto tulle a check _for $3.200,
~**.‘-:,» - drawn by the War.ren- Savings Bank
.. company of Warren, Pa., on Im-
"and Traders Bank, to the lauer institu-
zeertiﬁcation. . ' _ .

- replied that it was against the rules
any -errand without reporting first
. The man forced the check on him,
<81.-oberg took it to the Western Union
. a telo hone inessaw was sent" to
rd era Bank, where it was

as we . - e -

 
 

    

‘>; 

2' ' ~ I

HOBOES FLOCK T0 BERLIN

Beggars and vagabonds have increased in num-
ber all over Europe, and particularly in Germany,
since the end of the World War, notes a writer
in the “Berliner Zeitung.” According 5 an au-
thentic estimate there were 50,000 or 60,000 beg-
gars in all states of Europe in 1910, not including
Euro an Turkey. The greatest rcentages were
foun - in Italy and Spain. In ermany, it was

. estimated, there were from 8,500 to 9,000 hoboes.

Unemployment, of course, hardly was known ﬁf-
teen years ago. ,

Today the enormous increase in the numbers of
professional beggars and tramps is first of all a
result of _the unemployment  0nce_ driven
by necessity into begging, thousands of men found
they_ were able to make a livin without working.
In big cities this sort begs, asi e from the regular
unemployment aid, as a good “side income."

The statistics of inns for vagabonds and beg-
gars prove that more than 10 per cent of all
unemployed men in Berlin have become beggars.
There are more than 12,000 beggars in Berlin
nowadays. This means that each 400 persons in
Berlin have to maintain one beggar.

Germany altogether has thirty working houses
and more than sixty] work-homes for tramps. In
addition to these t ere are a great number of
charitable inns for tramps and beggars.

_ Germany now has from 55,000 to 60,000 tramps.
Although this ﬁgure seems to be very high, it
still may be too low, because the inns,in very‘
small towns could not be included in the statis-
tical survey recently made by the Labor Oﬁce.

‘ 0
‘Mystery Magazine” ' , '-
Semi-Monthly 15 cents . can ,
158 THE MYSTERY or OABING wsrnna. by
Barr Adler.

THE iiyivnn PIRATES. b amnion Ctaiglo.

THE SHADOW or A N SE, by Jack secnaoie,
AT 2 A. M., by Beulah Pointer. ,
rm-2 INTRIG ans. b Grover Kldwell.

ran LOCK_ AND K: . by nunmon Cralgh.

TH!-I 'i‘ALl\l.\'G DOG. by Frank Blightou. -
'.l‘Ili‘l'2 {insist on Tar MIRROR. by Alexander

01'!‘ 8011. '

,1 ‘ MIXED MOTIVES
By ERIC HOWARD \
Out Today in No. In
BARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc.
West 234 Street New York cm

I

164»:

.‘ \ .
“Moving Picture Stories”
A woany Iagaalae Devoted to r-inching. and mu...
PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY

Each number contains Three Stories \I the Be“ 1411..
Sci-een—Ele¢an: Ball-tone scenes (rem the Pie
—-Interesting Articles About Prominent Peo le in
Fllrne~.Doings of Actors and A
and Lessons In scenario Writing.

HARRY 1-; wows. Publisher. x».'..,
166 West 23.: sum ,
. ..,,_Y‘‘ a‘ ' '

ox.

 
  

I ‘i 
.’ , ,,,

ctresses in t c ladle 

;. my York car ’

 

     
   
  

  

‘Fame and Fortune Weeklyp

NEW YORK, ocroima 10, 1924

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

 
 

 

llngle Copies ................ ..l- stag Free 8Ce ta
Ole Copy ggree Months“ .. 0 " e " $1.00’ n
One Copy Months . . . . . . . .. _ " " 2.1!)

One Copy One Year...’ . . . . . . .. " “ LN

Canada, 84.50; Forelxn. $5.00. '
HOW ‘I0 BIND HONEY-—At our risk lend P. 0.
Money Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittance!
In any other way are at {our risk. We Icce t Postage
s the same as cas . When lending I Iver Wrap
the our in a re rate piece at paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. rite your name and address Plain!!-

HARRY E. WOLFF.' Harry E. Wolﬂ. Pres.
Publisher, Inc, Charles E. Nylander. Sec.
166 W. 23d St.. N. Y. is. r. Wilaln, rm;

'0 FROM ALL POINTS

RATS BIG AS CATS '

Residents alon the north lake shore of ‘Ke-
’ aosha maintain t at Kenosha needs a Pied Piper.
; Rate as big as cats and so bold that they ‘dare
V‘ . to chase the childrenj oif the beach_ are alleged
to be housed in a gart of the old city dump _on
Lake Avenue. R. . Dansﬁeld asked the police
for permission to go gunning for the rats, main-
tlinmghhis children had been frightened away

. »-.

 

e beach by the rodents.

 

> ALASKAN PLANE SERVICE
Subscribers .for the Fairbanks News-Miner
~ Gtizen in Alaska, who live in lonely cabins and
; isolated cam within a 100-mile radius of the
‘ ftown. have .th.:ir papers delivered by airplane a
e“ “few hours after publication. This method is sav-
j iing weeks for the readers. The old method was
send accumulated issues by dog teams once
.a, month. «
_.....,__._

.  TWO TRAPPED IN FURNACE

' In an eﬁort to elude two night patrolmen,
. ' 1138 E. Lawson and‘ Edward G. Diettlin, each
,, ‘seventeen, jumped into the ﬁrebox of a furnace
 the cellar of Colt’s clothing store, Winsted,
 The two oﬁcers and two other men worked
in ‘minutes before they released the boys, who
up‘:-’e_ *wedged..1'n the ﬁrebox.

The fugitives. had entered the cellar bent on

 

  

  

   

1' H
 doors. leading from cellar to store. Both
‘East-ummdd for trial in Criminal Superior

 

 }Vi1liani has beenenjoying .a
“"3 .., aw“-2;  =°*i......W*:
_ , . . W1 w , was e
X  sell, his  and his five sons-
‘_ tamilies Ind alsoihisg brother, Prince

and his  Friedrieh.Leopo}d.

’ ; FORMER {Luann surroirrs wnots
  ; A ~ " FAMILY -
¥orm¢rT

  
 
 

  

   AND, I~‘pR'_rU1§;E wEEKLr

-share in the ﬁnal settlement between the former‘.

gthe store butsvore thwarted by locked ‘

,_ ~aroundt-Hand serenade
=, .\ment’;rot‘-f .

  
   
  

   
  
   
  
      
   
  

ruling house and Prussia.‘ _
The process of inventorying the varied holdings _
of the Hohenzollerns has progressed suﬂiciently ’ ‘
to enable the Prussian Minister of Finance to 1s- —-
sue a statement of the temporary settlements.
Up to May, 1920, Prussia had turned over to -
the former Emperor 32,000,000 marks to enable
him to set up his domicile in Holland.‘Prus'sia .'
purchased from him a plot in the heart of Berlin V‘
on which the present “White House" is. During‘
1923 William got a further instalment of about f
$10,000 from the proceeds of the royal exchequeij.
Most of the former royal palaces and hunting»
lodges will remain the permanent property 95
Prussia. William will retain several minor cas-
tles in Potsdam and its vicinity. - ' A

 

 

 

“Why are you crying, my little man?"  1
my brothers and sisters are having a holiday and

I ain't." “And why t?" “Beca I d ’t.
to school yet.” no use ‘mi 

    

 
     
     

 

 
  
 

“What do you think of this idea of the  .
“It wouldn't work," replied the baseball fan. 
you under-stock to put an umpire out every 
the crowd hissed him the game couldn't go out,

 
   
 
 

 

  

‘_‘Have‘ you suﬂicient conﬁdence in me."  .
quired, “to let me have five dollars ?” “Yes; con. 3;
tainly. I have the conﬁdence.” was the rejoinder.
“but I haven't the ﬁve dollars.” ‘ 

      
 

   

 

 
 
   
 

Landlord (vleasimzly. at door-way)—We1l,rh
ggd lﬁuailolggntll)-1:1-‘I -nsslllitixlgalitaei-rcllziv cgilnlliizgzfgrw £1’ ‘
ters. Whv not eitrhths? . «.

  
   
  
   

 

    
   

An Ardsley man named -Flanagan chm
name to Fowler because the kids used toged 
after him, “Oh, Mr. Flanagan. won’: you my, 5,,
can again?" “Now the kids shout, “oh, 113;
Fowler, won't you rush the zrowler?” ‘ . "

 
   
    
         
  

 

 

 
   

“I thought you said George had rnan-jjd
good manager?” V “He did.” “I called on 1.".
terday and the, house was in a terrible '
It looked as if everything had been lefttg
care of itself,” “But you should see her, ..
ing George.” ' ..

 
      
  

  
      
      
 

 

 
   

“Upon what grounds do you seek a A.
asked the .lawyer whom she had just '
“Non~support, cruelty, or————’' “Both,” she’
tearfully; ‘he would not support my peesi
longing for a diamond necklace, and if that .
cruelty, I'd like to know." ', A 3

 
    

 
  
  

:...__.—~—.n...

V The Patient-—-Doc. I vcan’d».pay you do
while I ain't got none, a'ready. Vill y
it oud in trade? The Dentist-~Well;1
consider that, What’: your business?
tient—-I‘ lead a leedie Choiman band.

 
   
      

 
 
       
 

‘¥0|l'V$g‘fY

        

   
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
    
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  

BOOZE PLANT IN COP’S HOME

Lee W. 0’Neill, Acting Desk Sergeant at the
oodlawn Police Station, ‘Chicago, was arrested
. ; evening as a distiller and ‘bootlegger. Pro-
’ ‘on agents had raided his home, No. 4,130
‘ . d Boulevard. _

7 Sergeant O'Neill has been on the police force
-c.. . .

fﬁlxlieen years. It was alleged his plant for turn-
5%‘ out fake bottles of well known brands of
-4. .1 .. Scotch and Canadian whiskey was the
v ;« complete the Prohibition office had ever en-
nntered. The haul included a 150—gallon copper

ll. "

’ MAY TAKE 144 YEARS TO FINISH
DICTIONARY

. The French Academy has completed, but not
" tinted, the first volume of its dictionary of
. ,. {hunch language, which comprises the Sec-
?” - - A-H. ‘
“Th; work was begun in 1878 and has, therefore.
en forty-six years. At the same rate of prog-
. the full dictionary will be ﬁnished ninety-eight
The revision of the revision,
itated by the changes which have taken
- in the language in the forty-six years dur-
i which the first volume has been in preparation
now being carried out, and it is expected that
. volume will be published about next Easter.
The idea of making an authoritative dictionary
~. launched in 1634 and the first edition was
’hed in 1694, forty-ﬁve years after the actual
was begun. Other editions appeared in 1718,
, 1762, 1811, 1835 and 1877. The edition _of
,. has been takemas the basis for the new dic-

LOST ROYAL TREASURE DISCOVERED
Early last year the archives of King Nicholas
Montenegro and some valuables, mostly foreign
- - , were accidentally discovered at Cettinie,
it was thought that the m_aJority_ of the bean-
 gold and silver plate with which the little
_ - had been—for a kingdom tiny and far from
: nndantly supplied, must have been taken

  

 

$16111)’.

’dmcial of the Ministry of Finance, however,
has recently'been in Zagreb on temporary

happened while there to ask for a room
3: Government building wh'ch he could use as
olﬁee. He was told that e only room avail-
wasvbein used as a storeroom and, hearing
the '  with which it was ﬁlled
, theilate King Nicholas, he
 to examine them. It
. ' '-discovered, that they were full of the
-: ‘treasure, consisting of large quantities

_ is valued at,..many millions of ‘Mrs
mes, of course, Government property.

, _ SHASTA G CIER, DISLODGED BY
pHEAT; C HING DOWNWARD
Llount Shasta glacier, dislodged by the
 .~ drought and warm weather, has
from its ancient resting-place ion the north

 

 
  
   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
' 4 BRIEF BUT POINTED

and silver vessels of every descri tion. -

u
I

side of the mountain and is moving down the slope
at a rate of five miles an hour, snapping oﬂ’ big
trees in its path and thrusting immense bowlders
before it.

The movement began a short time after dawn
recently and at noon the huge mass of ice was
well within the timber line. Huge clouds of vapor
are arising as the _moraines of the glacier are
being bP0_keii up by_its movement and «these clouds
are forming one big cloud over the head of the
moving mass.

_The Journey of the glacier can be seen twenty
miles away. It is accompanied by a distinct roar,
yhlggl also can be heard from a considerable dis-

an .

The glacier movement evidently is not related
to the phenomenon of a heavy mud ﬂo¥hon the
opposite side of the mountain recently. is ﬂow
is believed to have started from other ice deposits
melting under many days of hot sunshine,

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!
_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
{flail accurately performs like an ath-
e .

Five Different Stunts— ,,
THE. FLYING 'l‘RAPEZE — Release the
trigger-pin and the figure swings for-
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross-bar by his heels.
THROUGH THE LOO_l’—-A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, makes
a turn and, catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.
THE/GIANT SWING—l-ie goes forward '
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in the air.and
catches by his heels again. .
He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cjr.
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
vented. '
The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World!

PRICE $1.00

The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin_are_ neatly ﬁiacked in a handsome box.
Delivered anyw ere in the United States on
receipt ‘of ‘price. Address 3

your ,NovEL'.rr co.
_ . 1» st. New ran-is City. N. Y.

 

   

 

W-

 if items

WED ’EM IN OVERALLS

A carpenter’s coat and overalls took the place
of the customary ministerial frock when the Rev.
Myron L. Cutler, pastor of the Universalist
church, East Jaffery, N. H., read the marriage
ceremony for Miss Ruth F. Johnson and David
R. Young, both of Worcester, Mass.

The young couple found Mr. Cutler shingling
the roof of his church. Despite his pleadings that
he be given time to change into the proper attire,
the couple refused to wait. Mr. Cutler donned a
carpenter’s coat, covering his shirt sleeves, and,
still in his overalls, accompanied the couple to the
‘church, where he read the ceremony.

K ____j
LARGEST CALIFORNIA FAMILY

The largest family in California has been found
in Los Angeles.

An investigation of the birth records of the
State Bureau of Statistics, made by the Los An-
geles Chamber of Coinmercegdisclosed the fam-
ily of Mr. and Mrs. George Andrew Toombs of
No. 1418129 East Ninth s_treet, comprising twenty-
two children ranging from thirty-one years to
three and one-half months,.as the prize number
of offsprings of any single family in California.
The progenitor of the family is nearing his six-
tieth year.

A. search to ﬁnd the largest family in the State
was begun as a result of a contest started by the
Sacramento, Cal.,‘ Chamber of Commerce, and
which is offering a prize for the 1 st Cali-
fornia family appearing at the State air.

Although Toombs is a native of Missouri, the

' mother and each of the children were born in

California. There haveiiever been any deaths in

the family and of the twenty-two children there

are three’ sets of twins. ' ’

 

RANGERS SEEK TWO MEN LOST IN
GLACIER PARK

Joseph Whitehead, 29 years old, an engineer
employed by the Universal Battery Company of
Chicago, and his brother William, seven years
younger, a student of the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology in Boston, are lost somewhere in
the wilds of the Glacier National Park in Mon-

-tana and parties are out searching for them.

The brothers were last seen on August 23. They

V. s told acquaintances that they were going to Granite
Park, in the central part of the park. They took
the trail to Lake McDonald and reached the lake,
but have not since been heard from.

The entire park ranger force of the park is
engaged in a systematic search and is being as-
aisted by volunteers from the park utility com-

!' panics and by visitors to the park. All available
agaicies, both Government and pivate, are at
work in an endeavor to locate the men, and no

, ltep will be left untaken to find them. ' ‘
 After leaving Lake McDonald, their itinerary
- Included a long trip,  on foot
to the east side of the park»?  ‘ﬂu’

 
     
     

i  :."‘°“”‘n‘§‘i§.:::'l“§2."“.g...»

     
   

   

   

 
 
 

FAME AND’ FORTUNE WEEKLY
O F I N T E R E S T

a trace as their whereabouts if they are still in
the park, or some deﬁnite sign if they have left
it. So far all eﬂ*'or.ts have proved unavailing.

EGYPT’S CURSE ON HIM, SCIENTIST
ENDS LIFE

Has the curse of ancient Egypt been called
down again on alien disturbers of her buried
treasures? '

This is once more the talk of London since the
suicide of H._G. Evelyn-White, Egyptologist of
Leeds University. A farewell letter at his inquest
said: “I knew there was a curse on me, though
I had leave to take those manuscripts to Cairo.
The monks told me the curse would work all the
same. Now it has done so.”

He shot himself in a cab a few days ago while .
responding to a summons to an inquest on Miss 
Mary Helen Nind, a school teacher who poisoned ‘
herself on account of unrequited love for him.

White spent many years in Egypt conducting
excavations. During 1920 and 1921, workin in
Coptic monasteries in the Wadi-Natroun V ey,
about seventy miles from Cairo, he discovered a
secret room about ten feet square. There he found
a number of Coptic and Arabic manuscripts.

After translating them there in the heat and
dust and tormented by insects, he ﬁnally obtained
permission to take the most important manu-
scripts to the_Coptic Museum at Cairo.

‘The permission was grudged, the monks telling
him any one interfering .with relics came under
the ban of an ancient curse. . ‘

WALTER JOHNSON CHOSEN THE BEST '
PLAYER OF 1924

Walter Johnson, pitching ace with the Wash. .
ington cllib for 17 years, was chosen winner of ,5
the American League Trophy for 1924, which» ‘
crowns him as the player of greatest value to"
his team during the championship season just 
closing. —_ ‘ 1

J ohnso_n’s name goes into baseball's hall of fame
along with George Sisler, manager of the St. _'*
Louis club, chosen the greatest player of the 1922 ‘
season, and Babe Ruth of the Yankees, who was {;j
awarded the honor in 1923. Johnson received 3 ~,
total of 55 points out of a possible 64 from tlia,-','
committee of experts chosen tomake the awn‘;

Eddie Collins of Chicago, ' ﬁn; of sec. __
ond basemen, ran a close secon ‘Ill &  i‘
with ‘a total of 49 points, and was'tlie choicrof
all eight members of the ‘trophy éommittee 
the best player of the White Sox. ~

Johnson’; name will be inscribed in the 1924' ﬁg

‘i

 

 
    
     
    

tablet on the $100,000 baseball memorial to he 1?“
erected in East Potomac Park, Washington, mg 
presented to the Government by the America; 3:.
League as a memorial to the nation's greatest.
sport and a hall of fame for its greatat players.‘
As a more rsonal testimonial of the honor cosh _ .
ferred ‘on t em, the winner will be presentedsii

diploma by the American league. ’ ' 3 ‘-29’

   
 
  
 
     

  T ALL
" SEVEN
Pair

Watch with
iet——l11rge

 

‘V .

iatest—st.Vle Eu Drops-—
platinum emwt imitation Wrist
Silk Ribbon
Cameo
these 4 lovely Gold plhtvd Rings.
All 7 Eliﬂl‘uiltP9(i and (iii-en Ah-
solutely Free to a!]_\'0lle for sell-
ing only 12 r:n'(i~‘ of our Jen-s-Iry
Novelties at In c'('ntS a card.
8. MEADE MFG. CO"

FREE

Brace-

Broorh and

 

". Providence. B. L

INDOOR
All-ll IC

OUTFIT

van your!

 

once for Free
Athletic Plan.

l'I’L\' (1).. Dem. 891
New York (‘ity

ll().\l'I<} '
131 Duane St.

PIMPLES

Von It can It Oddly Guru! 0! Plmples. Bhckhenda.
Acne Eruptions on the face or both’. Barbers Itch.
Euenu. EnIlnr¢dAPnI'u and Oily or Shiny Skin.
Write today for my fl!!! noonn
how i
nun.

. "A CLIAI-TONI Elm."-
i. :5.cnvnos.m can-nu In. Kansas cnmuo.

‘V Habit Cured or No Pay

Anyfonn. ciunn. ' pipe. chowingonndf
Gouulhod. Harm plow treatment sen!
trial. Cool: 81.!” if it cwoo. Noduimr if it hill.
' L ri:.'i{b‘.\ L U. .\I-21. Baltimore. Md.

" OLD IOHII WAIITBD I
82 to I600 EACH paid (or hundreds or old
coins. Keep ALL old or odd money. it may
be VER! valuable. Bond 10 etc. for ILLUl-
'.l‘RA'l‘ED COIN VALUE BOOK. (:6. Got

~- Posted. We pay I.
A cunx: com co., Ave 13. 14930:. N. Y.

5 AMAZINGLY Low‘
PRICED I924 MODEL

   

 
 

vi

 

 

   
     

 

   
   

 
    
  

%ia.| introductory  for
. Only one gun I customer
32

enl.O-shot ' . - $11.48

81.20or80cal.Goho¢¢ $18-45

VP%TﬂI% ,ﬁm.
hoek'r¢In ‘ Knot '

Kilian Ward ca. Dent. 131W
- ntannu-a.ucw~mu

    

 

ln_ck‘i:)-o,vavoIbypc1.Ininen‘:‘v'enrIoI. cs"
7 Ild Inelld. IBUD 
or 'I. en turrinl.
. u.  @u. Deposit
promptly rota-nodifnotlntilbodlﬂtiinyl. _

Sllilli AHMED. and Islam Ildx... Int. 11 Cheap

Boys and Girls
EARS .\'.\I.«\s .\l0.\'l-21'!

“Wile for 50 Si-ix‘ st. Nicholas Christmas
tienls. Sell for 10¢ :1 wt. Wlwn sold send
us $3.00 and keep $2.00. .\'n \\'ork—Jnst Fun.

ST. NICHOLAS
2814 Glenwood Rd. »Dept. 148 Brooklyn, N. Y.

 

U. S. Government
Needs Men!

Yvonderful opportunities in Civil Service.
Thousands of men and women appointed
every year as Income Tax Auditors, Book-
keepers, Railway Mail Clerks, Postmen.
Deputy Collectors, etc. Generous salaries.

V short hours. liberal vacations. Positions
open in Washington and in every other
city of this country as well as in Porto
Rico. Alaska, Hawaii and the Philippines.
Write for ~18-page FR}-IE BOOKLET on
CIVIL SERVICE.

Jlail the Coupon To-day

._...__....-__.._.._.._..._... __...._._._.x

| INTERNATIONAL COI*iRESPO.\'D}I.\'(‘I-I SCHOOLS

I I

Box «H-J6-C. Scranton. Penna.

I Without co.~:L or obligation. please tend me 3 may i

I or your I!-pugs CIVXL SI-IRVICII BOOKLET. ‘

I which tellx how I can -erure I tool-paying nosi- |
lion with the L‘. S. Government. I

l .

. .~m-=-  }

I Address... I

 I

 
 

   
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
    

—x

   
   

V.‘ Blune.... ..... ................................

3'

’ x

Q FWRE E!

the BOOK for
REDBLOODS

“Do
It
With V
Muscle!” i ,

BE :1 men or a mouse. Stride ahead in the world
yith your head held ' h or slink into your hole
iii! A timid little beaatie. very living boy or man
In: got to accept one ‘or the other, success or failure
. . . heppinen or misery. -

 

' Which are Yollgolnz to choose? ‘

Health. Strength and Virility. P uty. Romance and
Weonh one are the token: of physical fitness;

. . . t
then In: thmﬂch return: or scientiﬁc muscle

Truth Never Told Before

"‘...."»°o‘3‘x?‘~-':§<°;"x¥“'i»’v:'ii‘:‘a‘: “Mu is.‘-’-‘ “E '.u.o°“‘i£€'ei‘§~
prov‘ that every living mortal must ltnnd or full. conquer
or Iuecumb. rclolce or agonlse in exgggrg hr?!-on to {tag
utnnnh. soundness on .. in one
end lntemnl muscular wrlmm. And. reader. that
nuns YOUI

“Do 1: With Maids!"

he! nu puun rdoo ca : an ethode

E ‘wméia the wrltzrvboecamo Pnir‘§x°cAL°I.ir° psa-
¢Vé‘C1' MAN and otltutunedy :‘o;lt{-wide
@909. an Ill.“ D1.

9 ' Y ad: 0! bgyl. youaw

amninr lives through the intelligent con-
of comnlpetlo world-wearlneu. tear. debul y Ind

§..»‘é§‘°“ "" "° ° °’ ”""°“ "°"x‘.?’¢.‘.‘i?a':°.§u.

rs . II from . not
Ianviauly ulnatrnted with ecora ot heretofore unpu
Boned superb camera studies or mnel! and pupils.

Get Your Copy

0f"D0 IT WITH MUSCLE!" Tl!!!‘ AWI
’” ‘E. c.xluI:twIandma 31:8 f;'b"u°p°o§‘3§3' one (limo (101: u
gzidenne of your genuine Interest and to help defray
In mailing outta. '

LIONEL STRONGFORT

Phyeical and Health Specialist for 25 X can
Dgpg. 1434 Newark, N. J., U. S. A.

inunq--UFREEBIOQK COUPON----u--

I LIONEL STRONG!-'-'0RT
I 1484. Newark. N. J.. U. S. A.
8"” "‘° 59’:3?'"3'§x'Z‘ﬁ”i“'§n°ci3.’.°§,n§’°m‘§.‘‘<'mc‘ 3»

‘ I tenure maulnl l:¥lfl;I"Il|l!‘I!3‘D‘4‘;¢).l;'l!x3“mItion.

book
§§'.."m.,.;re'§."£a.nan.p

I ltrott Ne......................................
' .8u.te.........'.

'»X-.....a...,..;............

*3
I
I
3
1
I
I
u
a
u
1
1
I
2
I
I
a
a
I
o
I

. It will give
No’obliaat| no '

,. ﬁﬂﬂﬂtﬂnnnuunu

  

g GAS CARVES
l WARSHIP

As a solution
of the problem of
salvaging obso-
 ,lete ﬁattleships,
I gt h e undesired
are

  
 

V nun
j’
"“ 

:that can be han-
died. For this

f g?9k£:car\'ing of steel

bemndo. Gnneaocote lion-Iunvkﬂiu.
tom! rcrtumod ,oel -cﬁ,
vroturn * "“  “ “DUI.

{and armor-plate
iordinary gas, the
{same that cooks

ihalf of the coun-
try’s food, is now -,

1'.‘-"§‘l‘-""-p 5 being used.

UNDERGROUND TREASURES I
out and Wheretofuul Them
~'PIIIlIINIeco» 0210c-non-mun. canny],

 

Get Behind a llohner

tor Happiness!

There's nothing like good music for
happiness; end there's nothing like a
Hohner for good music. Any boy or girl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free Hohner Instruc-
tion Book, procurable at allgood dealers.
And all good dealers eeu Harmer’:
Harmonicas-

The World’: Best

“’I‘hat«Musical PA! of Mine" is 1
favorite expreesion among Hohner en-
thusiasts everywhero. Hohner embod-
asxn is sweeping the country. Why
don't you get in line for popularity and
enjoyment?

_Go to your dealer today, get I
Hohner Harmonica—50¢ up-and ask
for the Free Instruction Book. 1! your
dealer is out of cépies, write M. Hohner,
loo, Dept. 15e,;New York City.

C

   
 

 

.. _ bluhber

 

OHNER

ARMONICAS

It has been I .
lfonnd that to cut .. «
{through hea
{ slabs of me
!the terriﬁc heat
{of the oxyhydro- .
sgen torch is m- ';
jjnecessary. The , ‘
L ‘Steel need only to I
gbe raised to iv’ ~
;cherry red, about *
~1,400 degrees =1
¥ Fahrenheit, when
; by the addition of
joxygen to the '
: ﬂame it’ can , be
{cut through as
‘easily as a knife «
lcuts through but-
; ter.

:1 The old cruiser
11:. s. s. Brooklyn
‘of honored mem-
i nry, has just been 1
zdismembered lg
;the_new process. ‘
?Twenty-ton 
' of metal were cute 1
out from her deck "
and sides, rxinchg
as Whalers strip 7
A from
1. their catch. The!!! ‘‘
jpieces were then “
Elifted ashore by
cranes and again
cut up with ﬁn
gas flame to g
size that could be
shipped to the
‘ steel fnrnacesitozx
reworking."
found during the;
scrapping of I
Brooklyn that the

 
 

 

 

E
.

   
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
    
    

3’

 
 

  

 

E»
E».

 

  

0 low an!‘

 

 

FRE

Secret Service Operator 38 Is on the Job

Follow him through all the excitement of his chase of the counterfeit gang.
See how a crafty operator works. Telltale ﬁnger prints on the lamp stand
in the murdered gir1’s room! The detect1ve’s cigarette case is handled by
the unsuspecting gangster, and a %eat mystery is solved. Better than

fiction. It's true, every word of it. o obligation. Just send the coupon.

And the best {ilart of it all is this._ It may open your eyes to the great
future for YO as a highly paid Finger Print Expert. More men are
needed right now. This school has tal_<en men just like you and trained
them for high official positions. This is the kind of work you would

The Conﬁdential Reports
No. 38 Made to His Chief

like. Days full of excitement. Big salaries. Rewards.
Earn $2500 to $10000 aYear

You study at home in spare time

No advance education is needed. Any man who can
read and write. and think can make good. Awon-
derful book tells all about _what others have done.
Shows gictures of real. crimes and the men who
solved t em. We'll send you a FREE copy with the
free reports. Get the special offer now being made.
Mail the coupon.

UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE

um Bunnie Au. Deptlo-97 cucazo. lmnou

 

UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
I920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept I0-97 Chicggo_ nnnog.
Ge~ntlemen;~Without any obligation whatever. send me
your new, tully illustrated Free book on Finger Prints and
your offer of a FREE course in Secret Sewice Intelligencg
and the Free Protessional Finger Print Outﬁt,

Nam¢.....V.... .......................... 

     

. . "‘ ' \
i‘-‘AME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
—— LATEST ISSUES --—

952 Struck Oil; or. The Boy Who Made a Million.
his A golden Risk: or. The Young Miners of Della

ms.
964 A Sure Winner: or. The Boy Who Went Out With it
Circus.
For sale by all nevudealers. or will be sent to any ad-
drou on receipt oi price. 79. per cent. in lloley er pes-
toce stumps.

‘III! FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE I CENTS

955 Golden Fleece; or. The Bo Brokers of Wall Street.
‘ 956 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. ' e Boy Treasure Hunters
‘ ' of Cocoa island. ‘
957 Adi!-ift On the World; or. Working His Way to For-
. une.
958 Playing to Win: or, The Foxlest Boy in Wall Street
959 Tatters; or. :2 Bo From the slum.
~. - no A gélunlfl Monte risto: or. The-Richest‘!!! in the
r

o . .
961 Won by Pluck; or. The Boys Who Ran :1 Railroad.
962 “ Begetirb: the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn't
one. I
A Rolling Stone: or. The Bright'eat/ Boy on Record.
Nevelr Say Die; or. The loan: Surveyor of Happ!
a

V ley.
Bgtss at! the Market: or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
ree . .
The Chance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of

_ Crytal Lake.
Btﬁlving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-

re. ,
Out for Business: or, The smartest no in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune; or, striking It Rich in Wall

Street.
Through Thick and Elfin: or_. The Adventures of a

Smart Bot;
Doing Hie rl Best: or Workingwfils Way U .
Al;v‘aya on Deck; or, The Boy ho Made

rk.
A {lint of Money: or. The Young Wall street

roker. .. ,
The Ladder of Fame: or. From Oﬂce Boy to
Senator.
On the Square: or. The success or an Honest Boy.
After a Fortune; or. The Pluckiest Boy in the West.
,W‘ivanin the dollars: or .The Young Wonder of.

all treet.
Lingo: His Mark: or, The Boy Who Became
P sident.
Heir to a Million: or. The Boy Who Was Born

Lucky. _
Legit‘ inthe Andel:,or. The Treasures of the Buried
!.
0 His Mettle: or. A Plucky Boy in Wall Street.
Aullucky chance: or, Taking Fortune on the Wimr.
The lload to success; or. The Career of a For-
tunate Boy. ‘
Chasing Pointers: or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

treet.

Bgiingxin the World: or. From Factory Boy to

. mater. - -
From Dark to Dawn: or. A Poor Boy's Chance.
own for Himself: or. Pnviaxr Rlsrwnv to Fortune.
Dllmﬂnll Cut Diamond: or,’ Die Boy Brokers oi.‘

Wall Street.

A Start in Life: or, A’ Bright Boy's Ambition. I

 fog a Million: or, The Young Midas of Wall
8 .

EVeitV“.inCl! a Boy: or. Dolmr His Level ‘Beat. .

ugrtwy ‘to Burn: or, The Shrewdest Boy in Wall
. roe . »

 ~ miter x. wourr, .1-ul‘n.u.;. lne., —
 no Went no Street Kev York on:

  
     
    

,£§l’§?§7:in‘ a use 5 aziaaa 3 a sa an 3 z a $5

 

 

-4  ‘true as cent: rug»: g

' ’ ; recon Chllllﬂ

:oa‘Iltlru‘tli:nmaad submission of

apoariea. Bixtyiuaons. covering ever hue

*m.%..'“ '"‘i:* '°' '1‘: ......"' *‘:. “rs... :::..".§
°"" °" °'“ man an

t-. -or «:5 *~...=é°?,:;.:;.°°.:.**.-*.....t'.-
egv-all an.._xow hat. 3- 1-

. Jig.

 
    
    
 

    

 

. tom-the

  
    
  
   
   
       
    
 

y I _s)'

our TEN-CENT HAND nooxs

Useful. instructive, and Amusing. They contain‘
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

No. 56. HOW TO COLLECT STAMPS AND COINS--~
Containing valuable information regarding the collect
mg andeéarranglng of stamps and coins. Handemnelra

ustra . s

No. 51. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTIUUINTI.
—Fuli directionahow to make a Banjo. Violin, Zither.-
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instm-‘
ments: together with a brief description of nearly every »
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times.
Profusely illustrated By Algernon S. Fitzgerald. [or
twenty years handmaster oi‘ the Royal Bengal Marina.
‘ No. 58. HOW TO BECOME A Dl.'l'lC'l'lYl.-31 Oil
King Brady. the world-known detective. I which he lay:
down some valuable and sensible rules -for begin]:
and also relates some adventures and experiencea 
well-known detectives. ‘— 31
No. 00. HOW TO BECOME A PEOTOGRAPHIL.
Containing useful information regarding the Camera
and how to work it; also how to make Photographic
hﬂglc Lantern Slides and other Tranlparenciee. Hl‘Il_§~
somely illustrated.

No. 64. now To MAKE ELECTRICAL HAcBlNBr
Containing full directions for making electrical ma
chines. inductions coilsr dynalnoa. and many novel to’?
ht; betﬂvlvttéalred by electr city. By R. A. R. Bennett. In V

us . .
No. es. nmnnoonvs JOKES.-—The most original john
book ever published. and it is ..brim!ul of wit and
humor. it contains a large collection of Iona. jokes.
conundrums. cm. of Terrence Muldoon. the great wit.
humorist. and practical joker of the day. .

No. 61 HOW 1'0 D0 ELBOTEIOAI. 'rrucxs..c
taininz a large collection of instructive and hi; 3
amusing electrical tricks, together with illustrationl.‘
By A. Anderson. ‘

No. as. now -ro D0 CHEMICAL TRICK!
taining over one hundred highly amusing and inatrne-v‘
tive tricks with chemicals.’ By A. Anderson. Band
somely illustrated. , - ,

xo. so. now -ro no s1’.mmrr-o1r-Ilaxn
tainlnz over iltty of the latest and best tricks nael ‘
magicians. Also containing the secret of second ﬁght. .
Fully slustrated. . _ '

‘No. . HOW To Do SIXTY TRICKS WITBCAI ' »

bracing all of the latest and most deceptive a
tr ks, with illustrations.

No. 73. HOW TO DO TRICKS WITH Nlfﬁlllév-J,
Showing many curious tricks with iifures and the magic
oi’ numbers. By A. Anderson. Ful _v illustrated. ‘ '

Ne. ‘I4. HOW To WRITE LETTERS connncfu
Containing full instructions for writing letters on cl-i’
most any subject; also rules for punctuation and com»
position. with specimen letters.

N 78. HOW To fit‘

 
   
 
 
 
  
  
    

 
 

     
  
  
 

  
 

  
   
    
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
 

     

  

  
  

  

o. TILL FOBTUXBI If
HAND.-Containing rules for telling fortunes «- ting: -
aid of lines of the hand. or the secret of '
Also the secret of telling future events by aid at V
marks. scars. etc. illustrated. ‘ . ~

No.. 7'1. HOW TO DO Il'0BTY"l‘lllCKl
f:AR‘l‘IS&TCol1tnirjllnz deceptlive Ca-d TPiCkI‘Il -
iy ea nz con urvrs an ma run
home mnusemellt. Flilly illustrated.

No. 79. HOW 1'0 BECOME AN A0’I'0R.JCon
complete instructions how to make up for various
acters on the-stazc; together with the duties at
ﬁttnge Manager. Prompter. Scenic Artist and Pro .

on

No. 80. 6178 WILLIAM!’ JOKE B00 .. .
the latest jokes, anecdotes andjunng stories gt
world-renowned German comedian. ixty-four
handsome colored cover containing a half-tone -
the author. , r
0‘ 82. HOW 1'0 D0 PA!.l'Iﬂ1'llY.e—-Con n...-.
tnostap roved methods of reading the lines on the
with a full explanation of their meaning. 2
explain 5.! nhrenolozy. and the lcev for telling-
actor by the bum 5 on the head. 1 Leo Hugh
A. C. S. Fullv ll ustrated. . .
No. 84. HOW TO BECOME AN AUTIO a .
log information regarding choice of subjects. the.
worda nd the manner of preparing and atom
man pt. Also containing valuable infouneti 7.
thiqgtcutneal. legibllity_ and general composition
ac . ' ~

For sale by all new-Idealers. er will he  .
address on receipt of price. 10¢. lie!’ 9’ *”

V’ lnmoneyorntua .51,”

' HARRY E. AWOIJPP. Publishes.‘

 
 

   
  

    
  
   
  
   
   

 

   
   
     

    