No. 1132 NEW YORK: JUNE 1°’ 1927 Price 8 Cénts

 

A IEDY @[§ FLHJE £L3u=£1[s:r.,  
H: N_ ATREASURYV      

‘ m.
. §~“.:\- \ \ an“,

   
   

 

 

 wk: xxxk §'\\":-2‘

Q‘
__x u .. .. .14. r. .. 1.

As the disguised odges, bearing Tom in his arms. issued from the doorway of the building. followed
by his pal, and made for the cab. Beryl rushed forward and grasped
a passing broker by the arm. “Save him!" she cried.

   

       

 

‘Issued ‘ Weekly--subscription ‘price, $4.00 per year, Canadian, £4.53; ﬁoreigii, $5.00. Copyright, 1921,:-by 

Westbury Publishing ($0.,

Inc.. 140 Cedar Street, N ew York.

ntered as Second class Matter

Dec. 3, 1911. at the Post-Uﬂice at New 10 rk. N 1., under the Act of March 3. 1879 '.

~- No. 1132

NEW YORK; JUNE 10, X927

Price 8 Cents. ‘~ 

A Boy of

the CII1'b  i

OR, THE SECRET OF A TREASURYHNOTE

CHAPTER I.—In the Quicksand.

; »‘‘Help! Help! Help!” , .
-‘.u'1Thef terriﬁed cry in a boy’s voice rang out’ on
e la ternoon air. .
,'-;T.om Gessler, who was leisurely rowinf a boat
3%; Ngill Creéek, an gntletl of Long Islan Sound,
~ "ar' it an ause _o is en.
,[ »I-Ielp, oh, h<1:lp!” came the cry again, more in-
sistent than ever.
' “Somebody is surely in trouble on that island,
and that somebody seems to be a boy,” thought
_ Clioin. “I must go to his assistance, as there
doesn’t appear to be any one else around.”
’ I-Ie grasped his cars with a ﬁrmer grip and be-
, gain to pull as hard as he could for the island,
don
Wa,l Street messenger, and worked for a curb
broker named Ainsworth, whose office was in the
. Aristook Building. He was strong, active and
~.—goo_d-loo_king, and being liberal and good-natured,
* was very o ular among his friends and acquaint-
ances’. e lived in a boarding-house on a side
treet off Herald Sguare, for fljom was an‘ orphan,

   
    
 
  
    
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
 

m the village of Rye, up in Westchester County.
His sister sent him an invitation to spend the
Fourth of July with her, and as the Fourth fell
on a Monday he made his appearance in Rye on
“the_,Saturday afternoon previous, and proceeded
to’ make himself at home, for it wasn't his first
visit to. the village. V ;

Tom hung around the house on the morning of
the Fourth, and then, after an early dinner, he
started out to enjoy himself ‘in a quiet fashion.
He went down to Rye Neck, and borrowing a boat
iﬁrom a‘ friend of his brother-in—law, whose prop-,
teiitygabutted on Mill Creek, he proceeded to row
dbwn to Hen Island, a long, narrow‘ slice of_land
at the mouth of the creek. It was from this is-
land the cry for help came, and Tom was close
. *it,.when he heard it. _

I “ltlelpl Help! I’m sinking!” came the voice
i@’£_rga.iii,1n terror-stricken accents. _
~~‘i~"“=‘_He must be in the water on the other side
the island,’ and he either ﬁat out over his depth
“send can’t swim, or lie’s caug t a cramp,” thought
 “I:can’t waste the time necessary to row
m- the end of the island. I’1l havelto land
is and run across to him.”,
he ._ery,was continued »every few moments, and
_ _',.—whoever he was, seemed to he indire

     

By A SELF-

a hundred feet away. Tom Gessler was a '

   

\ deeper into the quicksand.~

V’,

1

 

MADE MAN .»

/ . .
5

straits. Tom ran his ski'ﬁ"ashore,~ secured the 
painter to a convenient tree, and giving a shout  ..
to let the lad. know that help was on the way to ',."«
him, dashed into/the bushes and cut across the 1 ‘
narrow neck of land. It didn’t take Tom long. 
to.cover_the space, and the boy’s shouts easily -
guided his steps. In a few minutes he came inf: :\
sight of the lad, who was not in the water after 
all, but nearly up to his waist in a little nook I
of shimmering white sand. . " 1 
Tom stopped and stared. As far as he could-, :1”
see the boy did not appear to be in any danger  E
but still he could not understand why he was’ ;;.s,
standing half—buried in the sandy cove. But ‘as v
he looked he was a bit startled to notice that  ~ ‘
patch, of glistening‘ sand in which the boy was, 
standing was not li e any other sand he had ever?“
seen before. It was actually moving as if err 
dowed with life. ,_ ~ V;
“Say, don_’t stand there looking at me,” said ~ g.
the boy, anxiously. “Get something andhelp me’ 
out of this.” _ ' -
T “Why don’t you pull out yourself?" asked 1
om. . =
“Because I can’t” ' \
“Why can’t you?”
“Because this is a bed of quicksand.”' 
“The dickensl” exclaimed Tom. “".l‘hat alter}: H‘
the case.” g V , 
He had never seen an quicksand before, but’ 
he had read about peop e who hadnearly ‘lostw’
their lives in the treacherous stuff. .  ,
“You wait and I'll run over to my boat and get ,
a rope,” he said. » . » ,,
“You want to hurry, then, for I'm getting in
deeper every moment.’ The blamed thing is swal- 
lowing me up. See how it is moving. I can feel; 
it all theway down to my feet. It’s holding me  
as ti htly as a wise.” ;
“I’l be back- in a minute,” replied Tom, starfrr .
ing back on the run. _ _' f
He hauled his boat out of the water on to the
beach, detached the painter and hurried back to
the boy, who had sunk two or three inches more.‘ .
Throwing him ‘one end of the rope, which theboy
seized and wound around his hands, Tom threw
the other end over his shouder and turning around
started to drag the stranger out. The Aattemp,
was a failure. He couldn’t move the buy an
inch. The lad’s struggles to second the efforts
of his would-be rescuer only served to sink lxhl

 

  

   
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
 

  

  

 "the roots to get you out.
' '— :‘Jack I Robinson.

 :, ‘A .l§»OYlI'6I?l Tiiiiouizal 

.$‘Yo11’ll never be able to get me out,” he said
with ‘blanched face.

“Oh, yes, I will,” replied Tom encouragingly.

“I,_don’t see how you’re going to do it.”

V-.}Tom‘ laid the rope down and ran over to a big
ead log he saw sticking out of the bushes. It
took all his strength to pull it out; then he rolled
down to the edge of the quicksand and shoved
out to the imprisoned boy. Walkin cautiously
but on it he reached down and took t e lad’s ex-
tended hand. _
V. .‘j‘lNow, then, together,” he said, and began to
pu .
-- “It ain’t no use,” groaned the other. “You
ain't budging me a bit—only pullingmy arm
out of the socket.”

Tom. stopped and looked perplexed. The case
was more serious than he had ﬁgured on. ,He
wondered how he was going to extricate the un-
fortunate lad. He stepped back on to hard
ground, looked around and found another log.
N traddling the two legs, he bent down, and get-
gingéa ﬁrm hold on the boy under his armtpits,
told him to throw his arms around his shoul ers.

"‘Got»a good grip?" he asked.him.

,, “Yes," was the reply. _ _

—‘ “Then here goes. Don't struggle -at all.”

" Tomvthen exerted all his strength. At ﬁrst it
looked as if this attempt would also end in jail-
re, but Tom kept on, and after a few minutes
the sand began reluctantly to yield up its victim.
owly but surely Tom lifted him out, pausing
after .-each tug to recover his energies for a fresh
. — After getting the boy out as far as his
knees the task became easier, and at last he got
out‘ altogether and rushed ‘him ashore.

at y that time the two logs sunk more than
half _their ‘depth out of-sight, and the moving
sandrontinued to engulf ‘them in place of its
living’ victim.

;’i_“«Good' Lord! I thought I was a goner for sure
1’.h_a.t‘time,” cried the rescued one, mop ing his
perspiring face, which looked white an drawn
after the scare he had sustained. “You saved
my’_life, old man. I ran into that sand without
noticing what it was. Shake!” '

_ ‘ They shook hands.

: ‘.‘I guess you did have a pretty narrow escape,”
Said Tom. “It was like pullin a tree up by
What s’ our name?”

What's yours.”

You live around here, I sup-

—."Il.‘om Gessler.
re?» I
.. ‘5Nothing surer. I live on that farm over yon-
er 0' posite the liecki I'%uﬂ]'ook like a stranger
th 5*“ loca it . m ri . J‘
“Yhu are. I came up rom New Yoik, to pass
e’ Fo1i)1rt1l{i witlihmgiri sister, who ltilxlres in Rye. ”I’m
oi o t rst train in e morning.
 “lirgn sherry Iilor ‘that. I'd like to have you come
over to the farm and stay with me a few days.
Pop and marm would give you a royal welcome
.:Eor;‘sav_ing. my 1ife.”~
_“:§_orry I c1:3.n’t aéﬁcept, btiiyt I ain’t my own boss.”
on wor in e city.
‘fIvdo———-in Wall Street.”
“Wall Street!” cried Jack.
and bears, eh?”
§"e'1‘.‘Yes._ That's what the traders style them-

yea, v ‘ V
‘What do you cioijf

“Among the bulls

’ nothing in it.

. my life?"

b “1I{{un" errands and carry messages for)-a at;
ro er. - ~ ‘  I
“Kind of easy job, ain't it?” ’ .
“The only thing easy about it are the hours‘
nine to half-past three or four. It's. a'case'.o
hustle when you're on duty.” 
“’Tain’t like working from daylight to dark

on a farm.”  ,
That's real hard work, I shoul‘

_ “Hardly.
imagine.
“I’ll bet you. I used to
fall, winter. and spring, gh  V
that nowc. Lﬁly otldnin-an lets me oi;l’l,Sat1i{i'day.i af‘
ernoon o p ay a as e says a wor an ;n
play makes Jack a ’dull boy. I-(Ie’s level-header}
don’t you think?” grinned Jack, whose color, had
relgnedh t i 11 h ” ‘
es e reats you a ri t. , f;,.
“I do’n’t like farm work, jist the sa_mi_=,. 'I'hea:e’&
I'd like to get 9. Job in 
Street the worst way. Think there's any chanc
for me?” ‘ '
“I might get you a place if your folksw
milling for you to come to the city and
ere. . e .
“lkizoiilg talk theigi ingonit. Maybe your ‘to
won a is me o oar .  
“l haven't got any folks. I'm an orphanfamtl
live in a boardin —house. You might come I
room with me. e could take a spare back I'0O11§
together for the price each of us would haveito
pay for a small hall room apiece.” ‘ . *
' ‘Gee! That would suit me first-rate. Sa
you get a -vacation, don't you?” ‘ A
“Yes. Some time next month.” I .
“lV§et1l,1 lfome up ‘andhstop fatnpur lace, 
cou a it over wit , my 0 s. ey re. ' r
to _tike ea shin; 1:? {lion fgi pulditn me outA.o§l?t'
quic san an 1 ey oug was ‘ mg.
room with you in the city they mi htn’t‘ kick:u
against my leaving the farm for all Street.”
"I can’t promise what I’ll do when the tim
cornjes, but Itma pay:’you a visit." d :.,..ﬁ, '
ou mus . t wont cost you a re cen‘,t‘.. .,
“Oh, I wouldn’t want to board with your £0 .
for a whole week without paying.” '.‘ . ‘ x 3 ‘_ 
“They wouldn’t take a. cent. Ain't yogrsavetl

' “That's all right. It was my duty to try.
get you out of your dangerous predicament. _
od would have done as much as that for ya,

“ o matter what anybody else would hayedoii
you did it, and the credit is yours. But 
plaguey hot out here in the sun. Gomeioévei-'j“t{$;,
my stockade.” ' I   * ”

“Your 'what?"

“Stockade and hut.
this island.” .

"I’m with u." -

Tom picks u his boat’: painter and folio
his new aequain ance. ’ ‘ «.,'.‘.

It’s the shsdiest place

CH/AFTER 1l‘.—'1‘om ReeentaJ'an;Insp1t;,‘

Jack led Tom to a small hut iaahianed out-*i~
the plank: of. some vesse the roof; be! " o
water-tight by a piece ; old oanvaaynit
surrounded byha regular atoekade. six 
and built 01 a. same material. with an on
facin the Sound. . I 

“ hat do you call this?” asked.  

the habitation. with its strange eolleetioii‘ of 3:1:

    

 

at fuaniture and other articles, in some
1‘ astonis en ' ‘
.. ,‘ “This is where I usedto play Robinson Cru-
. ‘ soe,” replied Jack with a_ grin.
‘. “Robinson Crusoe!” ejaculated Tom.
&« "You see, when I was going to school I fell in
" love with the adventures of my half namesake,
-.1 ‘-. Robinson Crusoe. One day after a -storm I came
 ‘over here and found a sloop cast away on an
 3-uninhabited island. I waded out to the wreck
w and boarded her from the stern, though I could
7 \,have'stepped aboard at the bows without getting
'~ ,,m feet wet. I found a carpenter’s- chest and
' other things on board. I started in at once and
’ *lt>h11_ilt a iiaft of théaitimber, and then ﬂoated every-
s o e on 1 .
‘  haat 5: lot of trouble you took for nothing.”
“I know it, but think of the fun I had. It took
_ me two weeks, after school, to build that hut and
' put up the stockade. That bunk I saved from
, tlie sloop, with the blankets and other stuff. I
'7made the table and the chair, put up the shelves,
'7 built the cu board and so forth. There’s the
‘" -carpenter's c est just as I fetched it ashore. The
"next blow thatcame up carried the rest of the
R-gwreck axvay, or I'd have used up every bit of her
 t’ .
m“X1VrE: must have had a great time here,” said
' " '1‘ .
it 031‘ did. I bought that cheap telescope and used
7 go sit atf the doo_11r’of.the stockade and scan the
-~ ‘ ai .
K ‘_, oylzosrlliolzflld athsink y,ou’d,have seen lots of them
 '-without atelescope. '
 ‘ “I did, and it spoiled my fun till I made up my
“ mind thaéc I1di‘«i'l{n’t,;’ really see anything but the
water ‘an t e s y. _
" ‘-‘.‘You have a good imagination.”
. “When I wasnt looking seaward  was’tramp-
- "ing the shore with an old fowling-piece over my
- shoulder looking for a strange footprint in the
 sands or ‘the arrival of a band of savages, or the
" appearance of my man Friday; and when I
wasn't doing that I would sit down and read a
"aha terpor two of Robinson Crusoe over again.”
 "‘€Vere you always alone? Didn’t you fetch
.,-_oyer any of your friends?”
‘ “ “No; that would have spoiled the whole thing.
.,9I'hey’d have kept coming after that, and I never
‘ ._¢m‘_ild‘ have imagined myself a shipwrecked
= mariner. .
K _- “I sup ose you’ve got over thatmonsense now?”
7 "Yes, but still I come here occasionally just for
old tim ’ . ke.”
" “How? iaﬁge youto get into that quicksand?”
.“I walked into  Asnlong as I-’ve been coming
war to Hen Is an ——
g“Hen Island!” ..
.“That's the name of this place. Though I’ve
been here maybe a hundred times I never knew
 gf ql?Iicksand was there.”
" 5 so
. k‘$“'I‘hat’s  I dogft believehanyléodyi aroundhherg
ow aqyt n a ou 1 e1 er or never ear
Pkwy cane speakgof it. I walked ihto it, and when I
tried to get out I found I couldn’t.\ The more I
‘d to, the dee er I sank. Then I got frightened
' be an to yel for help.”

"“‘ét’s‘ﬁ , gxky f(fr-you’I was cruising around in my
aand ear you._ ‘ \ V‘
;‘fBet your life it ‘is. I'd have been a dead’ one
 this tixz16if.help hadrft c9mef' , .. .. ‘

 

 

  
  

 

 
   
   
 
 
  
  
  

 
 
   

./
./.- 

   

  t  A,,-"Boron-THE_CURié"'

 

“A sign ought to be put on the shore close to -
the ' uicksand, warning "people of ‘its presence, or 
som ody else may walk into it some time, and if
alone he may not be so fortunate as you were,"
said Tom.

’ “That’s a good idea. I’ll put a sign up myself
the next time I come here.” N ’ I

The boys got quite chummy during the couple
of hours they remained on the island, and then ;
Jack suggested that his new friend came over to. 
the farm meet his father and mother, and take‘ _,
supper there. . . ' I

“I’ll row you around the island to where you
left your own boat,” said Jack. “Come along.’.’

Jack led the way to a large rock, in the shadow
of which his skiff was tied. . ‘ -

Both got into her and Tom, takin up the oars, ,
pulled along the shores of the island: _

When they reached the place where Tom had
left, his boat, high and dry on the beach, Tom i?
helped him shove her into the water. * ..

Then the boys rowed leisurely up the creek to _. '
a lanrlingstage on the Robinson farm, where they , ' ,
disembarked and tied their boats. 

Jack took Tom to the farmhouse and introduced '
him to his father and mother, who were seated on I
the veranda. They were both much concerned
over their son’s narrow escape from the treachery
ous quicksand, and thanked Tom for the service he '
had rendered Jack. ’

Tom remained at the farm until after supper," 
then he and Jack rowed up the creek in their. 
boats to the landing of the man Tom had borrowed 3
the skiff of. . ’ ‘' .‘..

Here the boys parted, Jack begging Tom not,to _. - ;
forget to look up a job in_Wall Street for him, I
and above all not to forget that he must spend’ _~"
his vacation at the Robinson farm. 

Next ‘morning Tom reached his oflice in Wall.‘ j
Street at about half—past nine. 

His boss, Henry Ainsworth, was away in the 
country with his family and was not expected in 
town that Week unless something turned up that -— ‘
required» his presence. ‘ .. 

Mr. Huntley, the cashier and head bookkeeper; '
his nephew, Tobias Story, and another clerk,
named Hickey. who constituted the counting-room
force, independent of Dicky King, the pretty
stenographer, ‘were at their desks when Tom " 
arrived. ~ ' 

Hardly had he taken his seat when the cashier,
called him over and -handed him a couple of notes:
to deliver. \-. g 3

Tom put‘on his hat and hurried out. I " ”

At the second oﬁice he went to’he had to fwait‘
to see the broker, who had just come to his oﬁlce;
and was engaged with his cashier. ‘ v’ ‘

Whilelhe was reading a morning paper two 
traders came in to see the broker, and they had ‘to’ 
wait, too. I ‘ ,_ =.-,1" ‘

They began talking aboutpa syndicate which he
been formed by a number of wealthy brokers who
had come back from their summer homes on pug‘-, ’
pose to corner D. & H. stock while business was
dull and most of the brokers were out of town. r_ ‘g
‘ As soon as they had secured a suﬂicient qugng
tity of the shares they intended to begin boo I I
the stock ‘and thus give the Street an une 
sensation. ’ I .  .

Tom overheard all they said and he made
note ofit. ' ‘ V  

 
 

 
     
  
  
   
    
  
   
     
 

 

     

  i t 2  , A ’B0,Y’ .UR§“

He‘ was always on the alert to pick up a tip,
v known to his employer, he was playing the‘
ltetin‘ a small way whenever the pros ects of
a_ rise looked good. He had started in wit $50 at
11; little bank on Nassau Street that accented small
‘x"_de!'s' of,.from ﬁve shares u ward, and had been
successful enough to accumu ate $2,300, which he
locked up in a near-by safe-deposit vault.
‘X ‘When ‘Tom got back to the office he looked
, p D. & H. and found it was ruling at 70, which.
‘was rather low.
7 Accordingly, when he went to lunch, he stopped
?,the safe-deposit company, took out $2.000, and
taking it around’ to the little bank staked it up
on 200 shares of D. & H. »
‘This was the largest deal Tom had ever been in,
'. and as it took nearly all his money he was natur-

‘ -n'1-lyanxious about its success.

,7.Busincss not being very brisk, he had lots of
"opportunity during the next three days to watch
the office ticker, which‘ he availed himself of.
"Tlobias "Story, who put on a lot of airs in the
are because his uncle was the cashier, noticed
om watched the tape at intervals, and it struck
:that the messenger was interested in some.
~ ea .. .
’ As itwas contrary to regulations for employees
, speculate, he walked outside and proceeded to
will Tom down. \
";‘fWhat are you looking at the ticker so much
fin".77” he asked in an offensive tone. ,
?What business is that of yours?” replied Tom,
0 didn’t like Story for a cent.
.“l)icin’t talk to me that way," answered the clerk
gr ‘_ y. . ' “ '
‘Then don't be so inquisitive. I’m attending‘ to
triyibusiness, and you’d better attend to yours.”
"“You’re wasting your time around that ticker.

and sit down where you belong and wait till -

‘o'u’re called on.”
j"fWhen were you appointed my boss? I take
krders only from Mr. Amsworth and Mr. Hunt-
’ y.n, _’
, Story glared at him.
i_a“1"g'uesst%ou’r<1e spe<1:ulati_r(1ig in some stock, which
,ag‘ainst . e ru es e sai . '
,,“Is that so? I guess you do some speculating
ourself. I_ saw you go into the little bank on
,9§q§:;.11 Strieet the ottliler tday,” retorted Tom coolly.
. _ ry go re In e ace. _
, “I only went in there to see a friend of mine,”
replied.
 ﬁriend of rriine told me he saw you make a
’ t ere twice. -
§;uf“I=Ie’;i a liar if he said that,” replied Story
rious y. . p ' 9 .
x‘I’d, so'oner‘ take his word than yours, for I

w you don't always tell the truth.”

fter I saw‘

.ou“g:o into the little bank I heanﬁfyou tell Hickey
t you had bought ten shares A. & C. at 95
,, ‘expected it would go to par, when you meant
"ell out.’ ,.

o’u’re a little sneak!” roared Story.

£5 l .
om smashed the,cIerk.i_n the<eye,'.and he went.
‘ring hackag-,ain‘st ‘a. chair, r over. which he

’ to the,ﬂoor_;with a crash. 

\

CHAPTER IlI.——The Scrap inthe 

There was no one in the waiting—room""at
time, but the noise drew the attention" of’ '
cashier, Hickey and Miss.King to the scrap.’: 

“Here, here, what are you two about out there ‘.5’ -, ‘

gernanded Huntley, peering out through his Win
ow.
Tom sat down without answering, while Sto
picked himself up.
“I’ll get _square with you for that,”'snarl"
Story,‘ shaking his fist at.Tom. , ‘ '
“Now is as~‘good,a time as any,”ireplied Tom
“Yah, you sneak!” said Story, moving towa.
the counting-room door. ’ ' . ’
Tom jumped up and rushed at him, but Sto
who was a rank coward, dodged into thefencedw
off enclosure and slammed the brass gate in tli
messengers face. ’ ' 
Huntley called his nephew to his desk
asked him what the trouble was about. ' ' ’
made up some excuse on the spur of the monlezi
laying the blame on Tom. , . Z ‘,
“Did he hit you in the eye?” asked his unc
noticing the young’man’s damaged optic. 
“Yes, he did,” replied Story sulkily. “He orig“
to be ﬁred out of the oﬁ‘ice.”‘ ' ' l ~
“Come hcre,,Gessler,” called the cashier. H
Tom entered" the counting room. S‘ .
“What do you mean by striking Story ingthg
eye?” asked Huntley angrily. ’ 
“He insuulted me.”
“Ins{ilted.you?” , ‘ I '
“Yes, he called me a sneak, and I won't vsta "
that from anybody." . l _ ;
“Wel1, you are a sneak,” replied Story, :f,ee1;'
brave in the presence of his uncle. ‘  ,
Quick as a ﬂash Tom whacked him in the’o1;[h\
e e, and followed it up with a blow in thejaw
hen Huntley grabbed him and hauled him aw8}y?,_'_
from his nephew. _ i ‘ '

“Get out of here and take your seat (outside. 5;

I’ll report your conduct to Mr. Ainsworthfa
soon as he comes to the office.” . H .,

He shoved Tomtoward the door. .
ment Story, wild with rage, picked?
bottle and ﬂung it at 'l.‘om’s head. is aim“
not very good, and the bottle struck his “izriﬁoi
on the shoulder a glancing blow, spattering.:_I1i
with the red ﬂuid. Had the bottle hit-Tom,‘
Story intended,.the young messenger would haife
been badly hurt. At it was it.«whizzed so icl‘
to the boy's ear that he felt the wind of it. .,'.I‘
recognizin his narrow escape, was mad cle
through. e turned around and went forjSto‘fc
like a cyclone. ,, . - 

The clerk grabbed up a" ruler to defend him
with, but Tom brushed it aside with his left rm;
and smashed Story in’ the mouth rwithx_hisx!r“ 
ﬁst. Theyrclinched and'went’ down to :the line
where Tom proceeded to pummel the._clerki’goog,»-
and hard. It took both the cashier and Hick
to pull the messen er oﬁ Story, who wasnow
wreck. They led om to the door and:p1'Jsh
him into the -waiting-room. ' . K  ,_

In the midst of the rumpus two ‘customs. 5.
came in and seemed much astonished at,» the "st"
of affairs. , M " ..~-  

_ The cashier went 1:o~his window to‘ l
them, while Hickey induced StorJy_.,_to

A _ the little washroo and.~.r,epair’dam$t

us

 '/A:‘BO_Yl "F THE CURE

“I suppose there’ll be trouble over this,” mut-
red Tom to himself, “but I don’t care. I’ve
been aching for a long time to get a whack at
. Story, and I guess I put it all over him in good
‘ vhape. ‘ I'll bet he’ll give me a wide berth after
is.
%" Five minutes afterward Huntley called Tom
1) "and_ gave him a -note to take to a .broker at
e Exchange. When he got back Story was at
,}i'1's' desk trying to work, but‘ his eyes were in bad
. ape, and his lip was cut in two ﬁlaces, while
jaw was so sore that he could ardlytouch
_As for Tom, he didn’t bear a single sign
the scrap.
Having nothing better to do he» took up _a Wall
. treet daily and looked over the ﬁnancial intel-
*li'gence, which he made it a point always to vkee
abreast» of. Story went out about one o’cloc
‘d didn’t show up the rest of the afternoon.
ext morning he appeared with a pair of black
” s, to Tom’s great satisfaction and his uncle’s
gust. About eleven o’clock Mr. Ainsworth ap-
-ﬁpeared. He called his cashier into his private
room to ﬁnd out how things had been going while
e wasaway. After Huntley had made his re-
rt he ‘told his employer about the scrap be-
. Ween Tom and his nephew, and laid the blame
kof it on the messenger. When he returned to his
- ‘esk the broker called Tom in and asked him
‘about the trouble. The boy gave him a frank
rid truthful statement of the case. Story was
_calle in and asked to state his side of the matter.
id so, throwing the blame on Tom, of course.
broker was shrewd enough to see that St9ry’s
ocount was highly colored. ‘
1;)‘Did-you throw a well of red ink at Gessler at
se

" 

uarters?” asked’Mr. Ainsworth. _

on’t remember,” replied Story with some

esitation. ' r _ _

“He did‘ it, all right,” put in Tom. “If it had
‘me it might have fractured my skull. It was

9’ “a cowardly thing for him to do, and it made me‘

mad that I went for him again hot and heavy.’.’
‘Why did you call Gessler a sneak?” asked the
Jzoker, -looking at Story.
“Because he listened to a conversation I ha
\th'Hickey the other day.” . '
‘Tom -denied that, he had listened to what the
p 0 were saying. He said he simply heard a few
ﬁgrds of their talk as he passed by their desks
''the way to the washroom. Mr. Ainsworth
g id»! that he didn’t want to hear of any more
r-ﬁjghting in the oﬁice, and then dismissed the
‘‘‘“».matter. Story had counted on Tom getting a
‘cl call down from the boss, and he, returned
' is desk much disappointed. -
ﬁfhat day D. & H. went up to 72, and Tom
_ ,i:ed"the fact ‘on the ticker. Next day it went
 ne point. During the ﬁrst art of the. fol-
‘W week the broker employed y the syndicate
cl ' 1 and on for D. & H. at rising ﬁgures, and
radars began to notice that he took in all
the stock that was offered to him. The stock

n Thursday it reached 80, and brokers who
_,‘vO12lt of town, hearing about the rise, came
lung back to the city to see what was on’ the
is. ‘The newspapers reported the rise, of course,
.ﬂock_of’ small speculators came down to

uite-i arnumber of the Curb stock‘
119 ' ¢__’l’zlX1'le,.‘a1_).dI,vSOl_11e of‘. .3 call-down‘;

stoiners began drop

face to face with

pingrin at the oﬂice to ﬁnd out how things 
going. Although Tom’s boss was a mining broke;
he bought and sold railroad -sha'res, and all kind:
of gilt-edged bonds as well.

a note to the broker who did bu
room for M1‘. Ainsworth. v

On Friday afternoon about two the boom"
H. in earnest, and it reached 90' ,

started in D. &
by the time the Exchange closed. Next mor '

it opened at 91, and at eleven was going at 95.
Wit? alproﬁt Of $5,009 in sight Tom concluded
no o take any more risk, for he knew all booms

had to have an end, and the end of this one might’
come so quick as to make his head swim iicagi
He was at the Stock "

was long in the market.
Exchange when he saw D.

the margin clerk to sell him out right away. i 
As he was coming out of the bank, he cam
Mr. Huntley, the cashier.‘ .
“What were you doing in there?” asked the
cashier shat 1'. s - .
“I w t 'pyt th 1 i 
_ en in 0 see e margin cerk ' ”:
—P1l‘t3%hT0TI1I, a bit confused. ’ Sm 18,‘

en _suppose you’re speculating in sdnu
sto‘cIk? ’ns‘a1di Huntley withdaT frown.  .
,‘ W0 ,_ €n.V 1 rep ie om boldly -thmlﬁ ‘ '
igiglbhetonnght as well be hung for a sheép as
use a m ' '
“Hlimphl ]§gn’l:,n0§0$1xpi$1s0s;?n.that:s
regulations ?”
“Yes, sir.” - . r '
:Why do you do i_t,-then?”
Because I In making money at it.”

believe ?

“INoil sin; .

" t _°“8' 1: not. My nephew t ld h’ ‘V
‘V011 8'°1Y19.‘ into this brokerage hoiise Isneever:.lc1?inI111ge]:,
31;! elti-e’ believed you were taking ﬂyerslo

"He told
trouble.”

you that to try and get "me/H‘
“He believed it was his duty to  me." ‘‘

“Then I suppose it’s my duty to tell 

I’ve seen him 0 in there half a dozen times
lea ,” replied gram. V
“Nonsense! He doesn’t speculate.” ..
“Then you don't believe me ?”  
“You mistook somebody else for him.”
At that moment Torii saw Story, who had 

advantage of the absence of his uncle fromﬂag .

office to run around to Nassau Str ‘ ' "
a deal in D. & H. at the high pricee.il;.1?();wlll1;;‘§:
at, having _an idea it was sure to go to para,
least, walking into the little bank. :. 

“Look there, Mr, Huntley, and you will see
nephtevg; aging intoh t'l;ieblittlehbank'now. If ydir
wan o nowwa rou t ' ".5
betltlelr follow him in.l,’ 5 hm‘ the“ .”°—“l

’ e cashier looked and reco nize . ‘ “’
as he disappeared through the ﬁoorsgalrlls ﬁiplée
evidently not pleased, forhe acted at once
Tom’s suggestion and folowed Story inside, whils-
Tom, with a chuckle, returned to the  ‘
About ten minutes later Story came in. 
sheepish look on his face. His uncle B ‘
vented himfroznlmaking

_ . ‘deaiignii N ..._‘
-for leaving’: 1i_e‘,oi;1ic,e dam

absence.

“This isn’t the first time you’\e speculated; ,1”

   
   

_ei_} A BOY or

. », It was fortunate for-_ Story that -his uncle cau ht
 him at the little bank, for D. & H. never reac ed
‘T, :.par.. It went to 98 on Monda , and then began
. to drop back almost as quickly asit went up.
When Tom got his check and statement he found
that he had made, as he calculated, $5,000 by the
.- deal. This gave his capital a boost to $7,300, and
‘made him feel like a capitalist.

 

 
  

 "CHAPTER IV.-A ‘P... of Rascals.

” The cashier said nothing further to Tom about
his speculative visits to, the little bank, nor did
. «he tell Mr. Ainsworth, since he was afraid that

,Tom might retaliate on his nephew. The month
of July passed away and the first week in August
‘came around.

. Story got a two weeks’ vacation at this time,
, ‘and the office got on very well without him.
» Tom hadn’t forgotten his new acquaintance, Jack
Robinson, nor his promise to try and find him a
:Wall Street job, and he wrote Jack to that effect.
’ ',About noon on the first Saturday in August,
* while Tom was sitting in his chair with nothing
to do but wait for his pay envelope to come his
way, the dot opened and in walked Jack Robin-
’ 7 , son. Tom jumped up in surprise and walked
lover to meet him.
“Hello, Jack, glad to see you in town,” he
said, shaking him by the hand. “When did you
arrive?" .~ .
. “I reached the Grand Central Station about
twenty minutes ago and came right down here."
“Sit down and make yourself at home.”
“Thanks. So this is where you work?"
“This is the shop."
“I'd like a place like this ﬁrst rate.”
V. ‘f‘As~ soon as business begins to pick up again,
which won’t be till some time next month, I'll
see what I can do for you." ‘
 “I hope you will. By the way, you close up
soon’, don’t you?" '
' “Yes, I’m waiting for the ghost to walk, and
jthen I'm off.” i
‘ “Say got any place in particular to go this
aftern on?”
‘ “No. Why?”
“I'd like to go to Coney Island, and I want
‘you to goalong.” . ‘
 ’ "  willing. Ever been there?”
‘ * *"Yes, several times.”
j~ "How do you want to go, by trolley or boat?”
 ; “We’ll getthere quicker by the trolley, and that
will give ifs more time down there. Besides, we
can leave there any time.”
‘ ",‘I see you know the ropes. We’ll have our
lunizli ﬁrst, then walk to the bridge and take a
,” said Tom.

, A few minutes afterward the cashier handed the
5 oung messenger his pay envelope, and the boys

eft the oﬁice. -

«In due time Tom and Jack reached the island
.,an’d'proceeded to see the sights.

’ ,1 They put in several hours to good advantage,

, and when it began to grow dark Tom rolposed
"they ‘should take dinner at one of the bg l otels

ng, so 915 they started

‘S
3

t 135‘ easterly en? of tlsireihiisland.
, ' .W.’§.8 game M‘ an
‘  walk.’ l

   

  
  

 

THE has it

_ ‘Reaching the first hotel they decided to.,;;§¢' .9_,,__.
me it and went in. . g j  pl
_I:hey spent the best part of an hour in the
<l1T11I18"I‘09m,.and then came out into the. glare on
the electric lights feeling pretty good. ’ 
It was a hot evening, and there was a tremen-,
Eggs crowd at the beach, particularly at the west“
There was quite a mob of the better class [of 7
people at Manhattan, and somehow or another the l
boys got separated. ‘ ‘ 
from spent half an hour in a vain search. for his
fiéend, and then sat down in a quiet nook to cool

0 .
The sky had been clouding up for a couple of
hours back, and the ocean prospect looked darl;
and ominous. . .-
§uddenl_v it began to rain. V . 
‘ I guess I'll have to beat it for shelter,” tho ht ~
Tom, getting up from lhls seat and starting‘ or,
the nearest hotel. Before he had gone many,
gasp: lélﬁegélled a shed close by and concluded to,
The building was partly enclosd in front, and
was full of empty boxes and barrels. 2 ». ._~. ,
He took possesion of a box surrounded by three‘  « 75
barrels, out of the way of any rain that might I, -
blow in at the door. . . -‘ .-
Thlsnls as snug as a fellow wants to.be in a ,
shower, he thought. “I don't care now if it rains . = 2,
like blue blazes." "§
He could hear the’ big drops falling on the roof.” ~~
of the shed and congratulated lumself onthe fact“ 
that he didnt have to ‘continue on to.the hotel, ;_‘<;,;.‘
which was some little distance away. a I *‘
At that moment Tom heard hurried footsstgpi.
outside and two men of medium statue ha y
entered the shed. , \ V ..
The boy couldn't distinguish them very well in“
the darkness, but one appeared to have 9. mus;
tache, while the other was clean shaven. '
“We're 1Ii‘luc,l{ Mr. Hodges," said the smooth-
faced man.’ We ve got here Just in time to escape
a wetting.  i « ‘w I
YES. Bgld I only hope luck will continue to
our way, ‘replied, the other. ' 
He took'_a cigar from his vest pocket, bit of!
the end, struck a match and lighted it.  "
The glare of the match enabled Tom to get
a. ood view of their countenances. V f
e man addressed as Hodges was well dressed,
seemed like a prosperous business man.

'Dhe other had good clothes on, but the seemaggp
to be ready-made and of a cut worn y E '
Siders. ' '

‘His face was hard and tough, and his  and
manners corresponded. ' '

After Hodges tossed the match out into the rain
he looked around, picked out a. box, and sat down.

His companion fgllowed his example. ‘ ‘

“Why shouldn’t it? Haven't I told you that I've
located the girl at last?” . ,

'Dhere was something in his tone and words that.
caused Tom to (prick u his ears and listen edge

“So you di . We , tell me the particula‘ts.i
Where did you ﬁnd her?” . , 

“Up in Westchester. She's been adoptecth :3

~ farmer and his wife, named Hunter, who 
%bout1; two‘ miles from Mamaroneck. They calljhe

ery_y . .-K,  ,
“Are you sure 'sl1e'sl the girl 2"

  
   
     

 

  

  
   

11111

:1:

     
    

  

   

  

   

 .ositiv.e. I recognized her b
are it 3.‘ out her neck.” 4 _
‘Good! "How did you trace her-ther ?” ’

~~‘»‘Wh‘y, through the old woman who rought her
ast. twelve years ago-—Mother Jinks.”

"’.'.‘, feared she was dead and that I never would
etkhold of the girl. How came the Hunters to
it/pr-ssession of her?”
~.“Mother Jinks sold her to them.”

;SoId her, eh ?”

. ,~ ‘ You see, she brought the girl up to sell
owers around the streets. She’s a blamed pretty

. ittlei thing, with one of them angel faces that

akes hold of a pei'son’s sympathies. It appears

thisjman Hunter happened to meet her, took .a

ancy to her for some reason, got her to tell him

bout herself,‘ and ” ' _
5“‘What could she tell him?” asked Hodges, in an ‘
ieasy tone. _ 

_“Nothing more than that she was an orphan

d ‘didn’t know who her parents ‘were, nor how

he came to be with the old woman who made her‘

‘m a living for her." .

.“Yes; of course. I was afraid maybe——— _

,:}Ie, broke off abruptly and puffed away at his

ar in a nervous way._ _

You needn't be afraid, governor. She’s as.1n,-’-

nocent as an unborn babe as to who she really is.
1'0 on. -

There isn’t much more to tell. Hunter, as I

aid, took 2], fancy to her, and she kind of cot-

lied to him, ’cause he sympathized with her hard

 So the long and short of it is, he got her

. o‘7tell him where she lived, and hecalled on the

old woman and made her a proposition. He of-

fered her $500 to give up all claim to the girl.
other Jinks didn’t want to do it ’at ﬁrst,_as the
girl was a steady income to her, and Hunter-’s
ﬁromise to brin the young one up as his own

‘ aughter didn’t ave no weight with the old wo-

'n;»:‘When he showed her the bills—one hundred

'ves’——théy made her mouth water. The girl was

«joking a bit seedy, and Hunter hinted she might

"she stayed down in the slums. _The bunch

3 added to the possibility of losing the girl

_'y,., ay, fetched the old woman in the end, and

ﬂlief signed a paper, took his money and sold the

‘iii. .She was smart enough to ﬁnd out where

unter lived and was going to take the girl. She
7jd,n’t know but some day inquiries mightbe made

‘ her, either by you or somebody else ”
‘Somebody else, eh? Little fear of that now; .

*dayet.—— However, goon.” _ ,

If }such,inquii-ies were made she intended to _
_ y it: _ _ ‘

Then you had to pay her for the information ?”

ell, now, governor, catch told Mother Jinks

. . vg anything for nothing. She wanted $500

-“before she'd say a word.” -

Five ‘hundred dollars !”,

 it had been you instead of me you’d have

,d to stump up or you'd have learned nothing.

’~‘ 13!:-‘\,I knowa thing or two about the old woman,

   
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
      
  

77

 

    
   
    
  
 
 

‘E5

 
  
   

 _ {When I advised her to cough up for a tenner
Ijomethin would happen, she came to time and ‘

 ‘‘ use on {he lay.. Then I went up to Hunter's

jd;;Saw 13he.girl.” I t
’u d-1dn’t say anything to Hunter, did you ?’.’
Note. word. It wasn’t necessary. The‘ moment
d the_locket_ I knew she was the girl.”

do -‘you knovzithgt the, Hunters adoptedw

 

eiajdeuzhter

y theilocket. She» -'

v Polntedi me her guardian and told

   

     

‘_‘He told Mather Jinks the-t's Awhatithiey inténa
domgi and now she goes. by the name of Her
Hunter.” g ., — 
“Well, ‘Jones, you’ve done well. Now} that
know where the girl is the next thingiin orde’
will be_to get possession of her. She’s a mint of
money to me, as things have turned out)’, ~ ‘ 1

 

“A mint of money, governor? How is it'she’s,

become so valuable all at once_?” A. ,
She owns the Red Jacket mine out in- Paradise
Nevada. V V

“Oh, she does! Well, I thought you told me  I
was a dead prospect—a _mine that never panned,
out nothing to speak of since your brother hopped I

the twig.”
"So it
nail.”
“Then hat 1‘. ‘t? H _ ~ = V
the girl ovwns tglieotrnirqiuel makeohvegoggldgbliaizgﬁr
all of a sudden?” asked Jones curiously, . I 
“Because she holds the secret of the lostq)
vein-——a vein that my brother discovered and de;-
clared was worth more than a million ” "1
“How in thunder can she hold the secret 
zmz i’::iE;‘;i%%,m*S °“ when Wei ens
‘Sedoes in 1' v , , 
fact a short tirrziepgtglbfalhigvrahroghgglhdsirgegjggﬁ
and he kept it hidden in a secret drawer of '
desk. Two months ago I accidentally disemferea

mystery to me, 1 , th' t; E 
m -intentions tbgvgidi hiran ‘lgclritlliriggpgciuggeglﬁig
. To defeat me in case any accidenthap:
pened to him, he sealed up the rich vein. Th '
he wrote down its location and placed it in the
locket which his little daughter worearcund ‘her
neck. Fortunately, the locket was not real old ‘- ‘
Mother Jinks would have sold it lon ago 
with it would gave gone the secret)’ g g ’ 
h W hat do you want the girl for? If I pinch‘
t e‘ lTocket for you wouldn’t that do-as well?’’;
he. I must have the girl. My brother-’s 
made her the owner of the mine. I didn’t know th.“

» at the time of his death. I supposed he died with

out makin '11 t 1:
old womaf, ivi:'ihérS?iizfk§,ri§i3y t1:1li)ei1bg1iei‘lI o}izt'“iEE;;
with her. _When I took possession of the mineas

next of kin I soon found out that the rich lead’I
supposed was there appeared to have been a nrryt .

up pops la 'th : - ;
ﬁles dishead agwiaiifreif yfvhen xiii); tdld(1)lti‘}i2eiil.0S()li:vi,(]:Il'i’z11‘ag‘1'(;ado
e matt d it 1 ‘ -
was. I siridailhe vdladlwbidgnknow Where the gi
‘V3.5 had (1153-Ppeared with her. , _
Until she ‘was found, or satisfactorIy]ep1;(;of1i3l¢(,if.1;?
death ‘produced, the mine could not be sold. 
the mine appeared to be a. dead one I did ‘
bother myse1f~further~w1th‘ ‘ ‘ '
eit er. The unexpe t d ﬁ‘d' ~
diary, however, altei-cs the crdshngntiielryldy iﬁgtiiﬁf
is after all a valuable one, but the place wh '
the rich vein lies is a mystery which the wrifzﬁi

 

in the locket will alone unravel. With .the.girl' 

my_'possessi_on as her a_rdian I can .work..
mine ostensibly in her interest, but really ‘

  

“own.jl3y the time shegis of age 

is on its face. It's as dead as a«cofﬁn’-

    

  

.,,,.

   

      

   

most of the silver out -of the mine, and the money
forﬂit. in bank. Before the time comes for _me
to/tum it over to her I shall skip out to foreign
arts with it, and leave her the ground and what’s
ljeft in it. Then, under a new name, I shall enjoy
the fruits of my shrewdness, and no one will ever
dream I did not come rightfully by it.” , _
L “Upon my Word, governor, you're a case,” said
Jones, in a tone of admiration. “I_thought I was
pretty clever; but blame me if I'm in it with you.”
_:‘ “You've been clever enough to ﬁnd the girl,
-which I probably never would have been able to
do,‘ as .I had lost all trace of the old woman.

       
   

  
   

'1 ex ect to reap." _ _
1. i“. 1' course, governor. I didn’t go into this
scheme for nothing. The agreement is that I’m
to have a quarter of whatever you make out of
the‘ irl.” ‘_
,“ nd you’ll get it, Jones, don't you worry.”
]‘ “Oh, I’m not worrying. It’s to your interest to
keep your word. Now, I suppose you mean to call
on the Hunters, show your documents as the girl’s
guardian and claim her. There’ll be a scene, but
I believe the law is on your side.”

y.“'I'he law will give her to me, but the Hunters,

   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
  

a fight in court against me, and it will take time

nap her and carry her out West at once, leaving
clue as to what has become of her. Once she is
irimjv, power 1'11 see to it that she walks a chalk
line, and does as I say. While I’ve got my pile
out of the mine she can return to the Hunters if
she chooses, for I’ll have no further use for her.”
' I “It’s rather risky, governor, don’t you think, to
.ar‘i'y /the girl off against her will. She’s likely to
give us trouble, and the Hunters will put the
police on the scent. If we should be caught with
the‘ girl in our possession it’s likely to go ihard
'With.us. At any rate, you’d be up against it to
explain why, as the girl's guardian, you did such
ti thing. The longest way round seems tome the
safest course in this case,” said Jones. _

‘ “The longest way round, as you call it, will give
me noend of ‘trouble, since the girl won’t want to
leave the Hunters, and they won’t want to give
her up. I No, I am determined to carry her off at
once. We can drug her so as to keep her partly
as eﬁed till we get her out to the mines. Mother
Jinks must go along and take charge of her. You
must call on the old woman and hire her at a
price that’l1 satisfy her. In _fact, I’ll go around
 ‘Iyiog and fix things up with the old woman,”

0 es. '

‘““‘A'll rigght, governor, you’re the doctor. It’s
stopped raining, so we might as well make a move
uiiiess you've something more. to say.

“‘No, I’ve nothing more to say at present, so
we'll-——what’s that?”

‘1’1‘_om Gessler’s foot had slipped on the ﬂooring
and,-hit‘ one of the barrels. Hod es sprang up
and struck a match. Looking in t e direction of
, sound he saw the boy sitting between, the
airrels looking at him‘ and his companion.
';“Hal” exclaimed. Hodges. “A spy!”

 
 
  

      
       
   
      
      
    
  
     
       
     
   
   

  

   

  

 
 

 

  
   

‘ :C~I;IAPTER V.—4—Tom-Makes a Compact.‘
-:T{:.-’m,..seeing that his presence in the shed was

        
 

I ,.
-.a
c.

; A iifsoif I came cm,» .— I

Therefore, you will have a fat share of the harvest \

if‘ they have ‘legally adopted my niece, can make‘

and money to beat them. An easier way is to kid-\

‘ your agreement. If you do,.then I.won’tfsay;-

. ered, and_not. knowing what might happen

under the circumstances, jumped upland ado‘
a break _for the opening.

   

. Hodges. héfilvevéis
placed himself in his path and grabbed him. ‘,
“Who are you, and what are you doing here?"
he demanded. ‘ I , .-
.“1I_'Ii& ar boy, and I came in here out of the rain,'7.
repmie om. ._ V‘
“What’s your name, and where do you belong?"
Y“1£{’I’3: name is Gessler, and I belong in New
or .
“You were here when we came in?" A
«I “.as_n > . >
“Then you've listened to all our conversation?"
“I won’t deny it.” '
'_1‘her_e was a pause, and Tom felt the maii’:s
grip tighten on his arm, while he uttered 
smothered imprecation. _ . k'_' 
“Why didn’t_ you let us know you were here?‘ I
“I didn’t think it worth ‘while,” replied Tom;
doggedly. — _ _ _ _‘
“Oh, you didn’t?” gritted Hodges, in a voice’
of concentrated anger. “Strike a match, Jones, .
and let's take a look at him.” ’ » I
“Kind of dangerous, governor,“isn’t it? He"ll»
see our faces and know us again," replied the
other man. V 
V "I guess he’s seen them already when I lighted
my cigar." . ~ ».
Jones, after some hesitation, struck a light,
and the men looked at Tom.  ‘
“Seems to‘ me- I’ve seen you before,” said
Hodges. “You work in Wall Street." " ' I
“What if I do?” replied Tom'def_iantly.
“You’re a messenger boy.”
Tom made no reply. '< . ‘
“You’ve listened’ to a conversation not ',in
tended for your ears, and any one who does such
a thing as that is liable to get into trouble, un‘-’'
less ” Here Hodges paused and seemed to‘
be considering something. “Unless he will prom"
ise tgvkeep what he’s heard to himself. Unde‘
stan .” - ’
“I heard. what you said,” answered Tom. ‘ {
“If I give you ﬁfty dollars will you swear " ,
be mum about what you’ve heard us talk about?”
“No, I won’t. .I’m not going to be a party to
your rascality,” replied Tom sturdily.
“Hal Then_ you mean to give us away?”,
“If you'll give up your project of kidnapping,
that girl you call Beryl Hunter I’ll agree to keep
my mouth shut about what passed betweenyou
here without any payment from you. If~you’1'e
really the girl’s uncle and guardian you caiigo‘
to law and try to get possession of her. I‘ won’
stand for anything crooked.” ‘

“I reckon the boy is right,” put’ in_ Jones‘?
V

 
 
     
   
    
    
 
    
      
  
      
     

  
  

 

  

  

 
  
 

 
 
     
  

squeezing Hodge’s arm in a signiﬁcant way. W‘
said you were taking chances in adopting
kidnaping scheme.” ' A .

“Well, young man,” said Hodges, in a concili ,
tory tone,_"‘,I s’pose I’ll have to agree to ‘your
terms, seeing as you know so much, and it will
probably be better for me in the long run, though .
I hate to waste the time it’ll take. Now what ,
guarantee have we that you'll keep your word”

“Yourself.” ’ i _ '

  
      
    
 

   
 
   

 

“What do you mean by that?” .. '  '
“I’ll make it my business to see that‘you":kee

 
  

word. «So you see-my silence will depend »on—/¥o1i1i'
own actions with respect to Beryl. Hunter.’-'

  

    
 

    

a ,'‘Can we depend on you?” e
V ‘ "You can as long as you keep your hands off“
1 the girl.”
 “Who do
Wall Street.
* f‘Henry Ainsworth, Aristook Building.”
, “You’re hisrmessenger?”
I6 es.”
g ‘'‘That’s all. You can go. See that you don’t
1, go back on us.” /
‘ Tom was glad to avail himself of the permis-
sion and considered himself lucky in getting off
“so easily. He hurried off toward the west end,
where he intended to take a car for home, havin
‘:'given up all hope of ﬁnding Jack in the cr cw
Viztythe island. ’
He had quite a distance to walk, and during
;'lt he pondered over what he had heard of the
conspiracy against Beryl Hunter.

,“Jo.ck may know her, for the Hunters live
somewhere in his neighborhood,” he thought. “I’ll
’~ ask him when he turns up at my boarding place

    
  
  
  
   
 
  
     
   
  

you work for, and whereabouts in
9

 

 'me. I’ve agreed to say nothing about what
I overheard those men talking about on condition
that they make no attempt to kidnap the girl.
33'}./‘he question is, are they to be depended on? Did
" I do right to make that agreement with them?
,'If.I hadn't what would they have done to me?
_They had me at a disadvantage, in a s ot that the
frsin had made lonesome for the time eing. The
scheme that rascal Hodges appears to be up to
via to ‘discoverthe location of the missing lode in
jthe Red Jacket mine.— I never heard of that
“mine, a but that isn't singular if it's been 9. dead
one for the last twelve years. Accordin ‘to his
statement the mine is the property of e . 'rl,
‘ and his purpose in‘ getting possession of her s to
secure t e right to work it ostensibl in her in-
tereat, but really in his own. I
about that when promised those rascals I would
“keep my mouth shut. Hodges is bound to have
1 a lot of trouble trying to get Beryl Hunter awa
 her new parents if he goes openly to wor
about it. If he wins in the end my word will bar
one from exposing his plans so far as I've over-
heard them, and he will have ‘every chance to
carry out his crooked designs. Knowing what I

  
  
 
  
  
    
   
   
    
  

 

,. know, isn't there some way of checkmating him?" I

B Tom, cudgelled his brain for an idea.

on to me.
°a_c%ualnted with Beryl Hunter. Seeing she has
 . that locket so long, it seems funny that she
as,never discovered the secret herself. The fact
that the Hunters have taken no action about the
mine is.a sure indication that the secret is not
‘wn to them,

§.
5'
E
:5
in
E
3
1'3
«-

a.nd"tl1e girl would surely have

‘told’ them if she knew."

Tom boarded a trolley car and reached the

 about eleven o'clock. He walked acros

 Avenue station, where he caught a train

 away for uptown. «.

 he drew near his bonrdin house he saw

 onesitting on the steps. ' o_ his surprise
I person’ proved to be Jack Robinson

night, for he’s going to stay over till Monday.

_idn’t think I

Ball’ Park and down Park Place to the '

Hunter

 
 
 
 

"itnoroFimE.icuRB I  I H  

..§

“Why, hello, Jacki»
here?” he asked.
“Maybe twenty minutes.” _ "
“Too bad we got separated at the island. It's 9 I,
like hunting for a. needle in,a haystack to find " 7 I
a. person in the crowd that was down there to~day.‘-'.
I gave the job up when it came on to rain.” ’ " ’ .
“So did I. Where were you during the 
shower?” ‘ ' ' r
“In a shed along the beach about half Way to i’ 
West Brighton.” ' ‘V w
“I was near the Bowery, as they call it,  ‘-
went into one of the shows, where I stayed till
it let up, and then I took a car for the~bridge.,”,
“Well, let's go in.” c « A’ "

How long have you  *3 y

 

  

Tom took Jack up to his room. , "
“That's a small bed for two,” said Jack, with at
doubtful look at the narrow article.  ‘ , ‘ 2
?‘Unless the landlady rented the front hall. 
room to—day you can sleep there. I’ll go and see," I - "
said Tom.’ I ,
He returned in a minute with the newsthat ;th / . »
room was still vacant. *  
“You can use it to-night’ and to-moi-row night,’
and I'll make it all right with the landlady," he '2,

 

said. V
“I’m willing to pay for it,” said Jack. '

, “No, you'll pay nothing. You're my guest until 
Monday morning. The expense won’t cut any ice?
with me, for I made quite a haul in the stock ~
market about a month ago, and I’m fine -.” _’

“How did you do it?” asked Jack. “And howls:
much did you make?” . -  ., I
“I won’t tell you how much I made, for that’s.
one of my business secrets I’m not giving away; .—
but I’ll tell you how I -did it.”. a
Tom gave his new friend an outline of the way.
he and other small speculators dealt in stocks, and 
Jack was much interested. 2 ' * 1 J
‘.‘I shall want to get in on that myself when I
come to Wall Street,” he said. I s . ’
“You don’t want to et too gay when you come
to Wall Street. You’l need all your wages to‘. .
pay your way.” _ 4 * is
“Oh, I can borrow a stake of my old man.” .
“Well, you don’t want to do it, for the chances .
are ten to one you’ll blow it in on some stock
that will go down when you are playing for it 

    
   
  
     
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  

go u .” _, .
"Ii? the chances are ten to one against a chap f
how is it you managed to win as often as you 
ea . ' — ~'
théI§«‘§*f\‘é‘ri“:~¢,*i»,:a;*.::‘;::.f%P °“ the market’ and 
‘ at s t e matter with me having luck too?” 
_ “You might, but the chances are against you, '
At any rate, you’ll have to learn the ropes before»
you can speculate with commonsense, and that .
will take you some time. Now, Pnf‘ up to lots
of the tricks of the traders, and I keep posted all e
the timepof what's going on; but even at that
the nextdeai I make_may clean me out down t’o=
my socks. Speculation in Wall Street is the _
greatest game of chance on record. Nine  ‘
out of ten the bottom will fall out of the market I
at the yery moment when you are ﬁguring on
Taking in a wad. By the way, I want to ask you
a cyuestion." I I  -r
‘ Ask it.” .- V
ygu know a farmer up yourrway name!

 

 . ‘A’ Boy 10-F;_THE,‘_’GUR‘B~

.‘iI%:,’,‘,c‘ro.l fie‘-‘owns’ a bigfarm not far" fl-zun
u1!s.' : .," '
 “Has he got a daughter named, B‘er3/,1?”

‘§Ye,s;: but she isn’t his real dau hter. Some
is‘tant’relative‘, I believe, that he~a opted. She’s

. .aBout,ﬁ1":teen, and a blamed pretty girl.”

,::g(ou are acquainted with her, I suppose?”
: ure. ‘ .
_X‘«‘I_« want you to introduce me to her.”
‘I’ll do it when you come up again. When
Aidhyou see her? Tlhe last time you were ‘up?
“it are you gone on er. ’ ' »'
~'_-“I” haven’t had the pleasure of ever seeing
er. »
‘’ ‘5.'I'hcnf' how is it you are interested in her
erhaps your sister has seen her and told you
 She ‘might have visited some friends
I ‘e. ‘
" ‘f’ 0, "my sister doesn't know anything about
hereto my knowledge.” .
h'hf_‘l’I;hen somebody else has spoken to you about
' 93' ’-'i I ..
 admit I heard somebody talking about
er.  . 4
‘And that has made you desirous of meeting

I’ve a‘ special reason for wishing to
' ’ It's for her interest, not mine.”
‘ ‘:"“That, so? What is it?"
’ “Sorry, old man, but I’m not at liberty to tell
_,,  I .

_ , I don't want to poke my oarin
where it isn’t wanted. You come up to the farm
and I'll take you around to her house and intro-

ﬁce you toher and the Hunters. They're nice

eople, and will treat you white.”

" “Thanks, Jack. I’ll do as much for you when

e chance offers. Now I think you'd better turn
in, for it’s aft'er~twelve. Come, I'll show you to
the room‘.-” '

'..,*1‘om took his friend to the front hall room\ on
the same ﬂoor, wished him good—night, andleft

",CHA“PTER VI.-—,-'I‘_om Makes a Discovery.

7'!’-om usually fell aslee a few minutes after
i1e.laid his head on the piiiow, but this night was
_n exception to the rule. His thoughts were busy
y:lthfBeryl Hunter and the secret of the locket
shewore around her neck. He wondered whether
err rascally uncle, and his accomplice would hold
"their promise and leave her alone until the
law ‘had had a say in the matter.
“I uess they won't dare monkey with her, for
"dig them I’d eep track of any move they

.1;
ﬁade in her direct on, and they knowflif they don't
e

\

lies their part of our compact I'll t all I know,
 .i

_ ca‘ tured out West if not en route there,” he

thong 12- ’ .
7’. Finally he came to the conclusion that Beryl
n,ter'Was safe for the present, and soon at.’-
wardhe fell asleep. Tom and Jack took in
airmeof the ‘sights of upper New York next day,
-on Monday morning the ‘latter took_his leave,
.om§promising to come up on the following Satur-
“'y. and spend Sunda at the Robinson farm. The
 inarkét was Ioo ing up, and Tom was kept
7busy all dayvMonday. The -last message
~'th,a,t :af,te,rnq911. was, to the oﬁlce ofja
~Cti;r.b“b

1; they got the girl out of the city they could i

oker.i'and‘=here.,wh1le waiting: .

It was one of the gi
stocks, and was selling at $32 a share, .
boomers intended to send it to $60 ii they ‘c"o‘u
As the owners of the mine, two big millionair
were the head and front of the movement,-‘uh
chances were the project would be a great’ suc
cess, for they were in a position to manipulaiﬁ
the price pretty much as they chose. Tom’ '
very friendly with a well—known Curb bro
named Edward Howard. As soon as he got"
Bvork that day he called around to Howard's‘
ce. '

“I want you to do something for me and
nothing about it,” -said the boy. ’ _ f
“V5/Eiat is the favor?” asked the br_0'ker,-4
a smi e. ’ ' :
“.It isn't exactl a favor. It's a business "ma ,
on which you wil reap a commission.” g ,
“Oh, I see. You want me' to bu some 3” ‘
Eggtyoiiwthat. you have an idea is going to rise‘
“That's it.” ‘. .
“I’d rather not encourage you in such a_ 
venture.” - ' ' ‘
“Don’t you worr about that." -
“What’s the stock?" '
“Montana Cop er.” ‘.
“That isn't so ad. .It went_ up two points’ I
day. You know that we brokers have, an "ti;
written law not to buy or sell less than .1’
shares of any stock on margin for a custom
but, seeing it’s you, I’ll strain a point and; 7'
yourlittle deal through. How many share's.—"
you want me to buy for you?" ~ l
“I want 700.” ‘ 
“How many?” asked the broker, Azhinkin
had not heard aright. « ., I [2
“Seven hundred, and here is $7,000 in,-good
money to cover thevmargin,” replied Tom. f
Broker Howard fairly gasped. ‘ »
“Seven hundred shares! This deal isn’t
you, then. You are acting for somebody else
“I’m acting for myself. ‘That is my-ni‘
I've made it in the market, and nobody can ’
I didn't come by it honestly.” _ ‘
;;“You}’lve rvnade $7,000 in the market!
as oms me. , ~‘  ' .
“I thought I would, but what do you care?‘ 173$.
giving you a good order, and the reason I
you to‘ say nothing is because I didn’t want '
Ainsworth to hear about it.” ’ 
“Well,',if you've made that much’ money
of the market you ought to, be wise enoug
l_;o’l,d on to it and not take the chances. of ‘I,
1 , .1 -_

“I think I've a good thing in Montana". ,
per." i . 
“That’s what all the speculators think, or
wouldn’t buy or sell, as the case might_be.
“If I let you in on a good thing what pare
age of your winnings will yougive me?"<'”
“What do you call a good thing?" 2 '
“A pointer I have on Montana .C_opper’
You.’ve picked up what ‘you
is a winning tiﬁoand you're playing it.’.' _
., “I'll tell you I .W,I,gotho1d. .°£fit,~_a “

really is. and. if fyoug think it’s"goo

       

  

, .

  

guess‘.tT_he trouble will all be on his side, for from
v;l1ht»I overheard he has broken his agreement
..an‘d,had Jonesand the old woman kidnap Beryl
" Hunter from her ~-home and bring her down to the
Ghinese~-quarters in Mott Street. That lets me
put’ of my promise ‘to keep my mouth‘ shut, and
‘now-I'll make it hot for Mr. Hodges and his
friend» Jones. What a lucky thing for the girl it

(§:E'the case so soon before Beryl was taken out
i);€?;.towri’!. The old villain has the locket in his
;_ possession now, and is bound to secure the secret
' ofrthe lost lode—that is, if I can't ﬁnd a way to
put alspoke in his wheel. I wonder if he carried
taway with him or left it in yonder room till
“ea gets back and makes another attemut to open
_Li ,- ~It’s up to me to ﬁnd out. If I can lay my
hands on it heill never get hold of it again; I’ll
gamble on that.”

Quite excited at the idea that the locket might
beisoniewhere in the inner room, Tom went in
here and looked around. The room was carpeted

. some other‘ articles of furniture. The roll-top
. o/f1the desk had been pulled down, but so careless-
ly--that ‘it had not caught, consequently it was not
Ocked. Tom made no bones about shoving it up,

aglarge, cheap affair, the brass showing in spots
‘.,through 7, its -washed surface. He picked it up
 examined. it closely. It didn’t look like a
ocket that opened, and he didn’t wonder that
Hodges had failed to get at its interior.
If it had been made to open, the.hinges had
, ‘u very carefully concealed, for it looked alike
II‘ the" way round-—just one smooth, rounded
' , without the sign of a seam. Both sides
were fancifully carved in a similar design; of
‘-.?a."rather outlandish fashion, and had a small stone
/gpzthe, center. The stone was blood-red like a
1iuby.‘,, Altogether it looked as if it might have
di ginated in some far eastern country like In-
aw ,
,iWell, I’ve got it ‘and Pm going to keep it for
«Beryl Hunter and tell her that it is supposed to
contain the clue to the lost lode in the mine ,once
vmed by her father, and now her property un-
‘or, his will. The next thing will be to get out of
this oﬂ'ice,’.’ thought Tom, closing the desk and
"'  g care to lock it. “I’ll'have to hide in the
, Set till Hodges gets back, and as soon as he
enters his private room I’l1 sneak out by the cor-
doif door.” «
~Hev.wa1ked into the large room and sat on a
air near the closet so that he would be in a
ition to jump in there the moment he heard
f steps coming along the corridor. While wait-
‘heamused himself trying to see if by any
ossibility hecould open t e ocket._ All his at-
tempts were in vain, and he was beginning to feel

  

    

 
   
  
  

    

  
  

£3‘
3:
('0
9-
E1‘
3"
33
CV‘
99'
53‘
m
o
-1
5
97
3
m
5
Fl‘
5'
59
Q-
53
o
C?
C‘
4:
an
33
3
22
:2.
(‘D
«.+
o

" when his thumb nail accidentally slipped
" hit one’ of the red stones with considei-able
orce. The locket shot out of his lingers on to
'.~ ' ‘When he stooped to pick it u he ut-
"red anserxclamation of astonishment. he lock-
_ 'l§.§y wide open on the edge of the rug.
"“. goodness!” he ejaculated. “It’s open!” .
‘Ea’ igigvthe locket in his hands he looked at the
 and closely folded bit of paper that was

 stuck in it. . ,

> ?'that'looks more like money than any-
.- :A,h.’,b1.eath‘.d.«  . ‘ ._ V .

."-'5‘).

     
  

     
 

Eda." _i;;,» . ‘r '1 J1‘.

 

was thatil came up here and found out the facts.

. with a small rug, had three chairs, a desk, and,

nd_there,_right before his eyes, lay the locket—— --

     

. rossessésm .r.H9s1ss-°:.iY9P1'% ;.!3§‘ 1

  
  

n

He tried to - ick out wi ‘ V '
cé)uldti1’t., Thenphe got out his t1ilen}l<1iSi»if?an§x‘:i:is
1 ou . .  ’ " -I

“It is money, surely!” “ ‘ 

He opened the folds, which had been pounded ﬂ
down twelve “ years before to make the bil1‘"ﬁt%,"
its narrow conﬁnes. After considerable trouble,’ '5
he ﬁnally spread it out on his knee and saw that
it was a brand-new treasury note of the dezioni-.

      
   
 
   
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
     
  
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   

    

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
    
      

ination, of a single dollar. , ..
“Only a dollar!” he exclaimed, turning‘ it ov
and looking at it on. the other side. “Only 53,
single dollar bill. Why, a $1,000 note could have
been put in the locket as well as a_dollar one‘.
I dont see the paper which was to give the clue
to the lost lode.” , 2‘
He looked around on the ﬂoor, thinking it might
have dropped out, but there was no sign off;
In fact, the locket did well to hold the treasur .
note without talking of anythingelse. . V 
“I ”guess this alleged secret of a lost lode is"
fake, thou_ght_Torn. “Beryl’s father wrote that
statement in his_d1ary to fool his artful ‘brothe 
taki'n_ it for granted that he was bound to  .-
the, iary when he searched his effects. Prob: i
ably the Red Jacket mine never amounted to any :*
thing, anyway, but the girl’s father, to_ unishj
h1S, rother for reasons known to himsel ,
out that he had discovered a rich lode, and th '"
surrounded its location with mystery.’ I’ll bet
that’s the truth of the matter.” " _ Z '
Tom put the locketin one pocket and the‘
carefully away in another . i v
“So Beryl Hunter isn’t a great heiress after'all=,,
and Hodges has only gone ‘to a lot of useless tron
ble and expense, and made himself liable to arre
and imprisonment, by kidnaping her. I’m ‘so
it has turned out this way for her sake, fa
felt sure she was going to be worth a lot of
money throughthat mine. However, it can’tib
helped. ' It won’t worry her any, for she’l1 nev
know the diﬁerence.” -_ , ~
An hour had passed, and Hodges still remaine

away. - .,
“Geelg I'll bet Mr. Huntley isas ma'd.,a_
hornet over the length of time I.’ve been awe,"
from the office. I dare say he’s had to séiig
Hickey out in my place. I wonder if he thinks
I’ve met with an accident? Nothing would tickle".
Story more than to hear that I had been -run»
down by an auto and sent to the hospital. ‘-H ‘
hates me as bad as Old Nick does holywate
Oh, but I did give him a jolly licking, all righ
What a air of eyes he carried around forftx
week! e’s a mean lobster, and if hegot’ "
that’s coming to him he wouldn't be able to w’
for a month.”
Tom was growing impatient over Hodges’.‘lon;g*
absence. ' » _ V 
“I wish to thunder he’d come back,‘ so "I_cbi’:i?«l
slip out. Then before I return to the aﬁice‘ ‘I?
going to rescue Beryl Hunter. I’ve been thro
Chinatown so often that I know the lay off; ,-
Joss House ﬁrst rate. . I ought to be able to'_ﬁ'
the girl, for the Chink priests will never ‘Vsusp,
my errand. Whereas if the police went liuntih
for her they would hide ,her away in some vii’
where they’d never ﬁnd her.” I i ’. _
Tom looked at his watch and ssawythat, it;
after two o’c"lock. _ - . - ,* _ ‘- 
. “I’ve been here about two hours,” he mutter
.“I should think, after ?getting'tha't°-_loc_ket""'


        
  
      
  
 

    
        
  
   

  
   
           
        
      
       
    

 
     
 

        
       
  

   
 
      
  

   
  
 

   
       
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
      
  

   

  
 

 I A. Boy dormant CURE?‘

__ bf put in his time trying to open it. Well,
when he does get back he’ll ﬁnd that it has van-
ished. in‘ some mysterious way, and perhaps he
w’on’t.be mad enough to chew a pound of nails.”

‘The boy chuckled as he pictured the rascal’s
,:c,ons_ternation and perplexity when he discovered
that "the locket had disappeared from his desk.

" Footsteps had approached the door along the
corridor a score of times since Tom had: been
locked in, but they always passed by. Two or
three times the young messenger was sure he rec-
ognized the sound of Hodges? step, and he had
jumped into the closet, only to find that it was
9'.‘ false alarm. Once some caller came and

, ocked at the door, but ﬁnding the place locked
up, had gone away. For want of something else
tothink of, Tom got out the locket and studied it
carefully. ‘It was shut, and he tried for over
twenty minutes to open it again, but couldn’t
strike the central stone on either side just right.

‘ "This is the funniest ocket I ever saw,” he
thought. “If‘ I hadn’t Just by accident hit it

‘right I'd be ready./.to swear that it couldn’t be
penecl except it was split apart by some im le-

e I wonder why Be1'yl’s father put t at
dollar; treasury‘ note so carefully in it?
wanted to hide his money from his rascally
brother, and for_her beneﬁt, why didn’t he ut
a‘ large bill in it?_ Maybe he was strapped w en
hedied, and didn’t have any money to speak of
C ' Still, he could hardly have put less
than a dollar bill in it. Oh, I‘ guess I can see
through his object. He knew when-his brother
found his diary, and read the reference to the
.53‘eci‘et of the lost lode being hidden in the locket,

,_ ‘ __ ’ he the locket away from
his daughter and break it open, if he couldn’t
get at it any other way, in order to secure_the

Instead of the secret he would find 3_ust

_ . dollar treasury note, and so be terribly
disappointed. That was the satisfaction the girl’s
father intended to get. That was a dandy——”

.5, At that moment a key rattled in‘the lock of

thevdoor. Tom this time was taken,.by surprise,
' before he could reach the closet the door
, 'ene'd.and Hiram Hodges walked in, catching
ium in the room.

. CHAPTER VIII.—.—In Chinatown.

To say that Hodges was astonished" at ﬁnding
gm in his oﬂice \‘V§)Ilr1‘gI1 but fsiintlg express his
eelings. He was si y_ para yze . ~ ‘ . j
.“You_!”‘he‘ exclaimed, with a scowl. ‘ “You here!

" 7!

” replied the boy coolly, seeing ’

‘at he had to face the music. _

“.Walked in, and the door locked! Impossi-

 n ‘ / , V

gxllﬂaybey I came through the ’keyhole,” chuckled
g,9'?I1jon’t talk nonsense. I demand an explana-
:  °ur‘p1IesenIl:d1e¥e.” Th d ‘w t
j you wa e in. e oorv as no
leaks’ ‘dz.’ ' 

".‘I‘1ocked the ‘door when I went out, and I
éiﬁound it locked when I came back. You must
lih§ve.a‘.skeleton key, young man. I shall have to

" I 1 apoliceinan and give you in charge unless
;g5ve’a. ml] account of your conduct in coming
<w»hiI'e.I was ou_t.:" I i_ g « , . _ .

 all your policeman. "It will ‘save

If he‘

’ for an elevator lest he be ovei-haule

me the trouble of ‘calling one ‘to give‘. 
charge.” ’ ' -
“Give me in charge! What do you mean.?’’'
“I mean you have broken your com act wi
me and caused the abduction of Bery Hunter
frorln herfhlom'e;” » ' '
“ t is a se. " ,
“Well if it is Pm willing to stand the co se-
q_uences’of having been found in your ofﬁce under
circuinstances that might be considered suspic-
ious. T ,. :’
utqn qwhat ground do you make such an, 
ser ion. . - 
“I heard your associate, Jones, tell you thatlio‘
and a woman called Mother Jinks ha‘d.kidnap’ped"
the girl and brought her to this city.” 4 
Hodges was rather staggered by thisreplyy,
which showed him that_ Tom had in some way
overheard the conversation, or a part of it, 
had taken place in the inner room just before’:
was called out by the note from his broker. Ma
ters, therefore, looked very serious to him.
“Where were you when you say you heard th
coi‘riiIrersation'.;’}’1_he asked. «, « 2
was in is room. ‘
ﬂ;‘\7l/?l’i,ei'e were you when I and Jones left.
0 ce. » »
“In this room.”
“If you were here we would have seen you.’y
l“Yo}i didn’t see me because I was in. .tha.t
c oset.   "
Hodges uttered an imprecation.
::gVhat broiight you up here?”

“Y:Ir110V:1:I5ll3ed to spy on me, I suppose?" .
“Vlze(1il, all’s f,air when you’re dealing with
croo . vi . *
“Hgw 131:3-iohrou call me crooked?” ’ "

_ “Because that’s what you are. You are we
mg a crooked game against your niece, 1;
known as _Beryl Hunter.” , , .:

“I deny it! What else did you find out besides‘
the‘ supposed abduction of this girl you mention

Oh, I found out that your friend Jones had.‘

brought you the’ locket that islsupposed toivﬁ
c L_

tain the secret of the lost lode in the Red J
mine.” 9 I . ’\
“You have been hunting for it whilel " .
away?” cried Hod es, loo g much, disturbed".
“I admit that '1 ooked for it.” ' 
“‘Did you ﬁnd it?” x . , ’ ‘
“That is for you to_ discover.” . J 4 «
With an imprecation Hodges rushed »tow-ar

‘ the door of the inner room to look ‘and see if}:

desk had been tampered with. This move on ‘hiir

art gave Tom the opening he was looking for;
t left the way clearto the corridor door, and
boy was quick to take advantage of the fact";
rushed across the room. . 

“Stop!” roared Hodges, trying to intercept '

He swung open thedoor, darted into the cori-
dor, and rushed for the stairs, not daz-in go wait;
rascal. He ﬂew downstairs several ﬂights? "
then went to the elevator shaft, where hecaugb
a ca e and completed the descent.~ It was *5 ‘A
o’cloc when he_issued on the street. The ' ' ‘
Exchange was Just closing. Stopping ab‘ ‘
htelénew. he asked him how 'Montana
s oo . * - ' A

‘ , “It's  to 35,’? was-the reply'.[’3,_

-Tom went «in .“.P t.he'Stré.€r“° 

   
   
 

to his ‘office
Street, _
V "‘I’1l catch it hot in the morning when I show

up,” he thought; “but who cares? I'm worth
over $7,000, with the prospect of making twice
as much more. If things break the way I-ex-
»_ fpect I’ll resign from the ofﬁce and devote my
»- time. to private speculation. It will pay better
, than working for a measly nine dollars a week.
~,Tha.t will makean opening for Jack." 4
 ‘From Nassau Street Tom. made his way into
. Park Row, facing City Hall Park,- then on ast
the Brooklyn Bridge entrance into up er ark
once known as Chatham Street, w ich took
_ him to Chatham Square. He was now near his
.»des,tination, Mott Street, a narrow and crooked
thoroughfare that led into the heart of China-
 town; Fifteen minutes later‘ Tom entered a
‘- building that adjoined the Joss House.

- The e trance was narrow and dirty, and the
‘ contracted hall dark and tainted with the pe-
culiar odor always ap%arent where the Chinese
- live and carry on their usiness. The stairs were
narrow and creaked under his tread. He met
;' , and passed several Chinks coming down, with
their hands thrust under their dark-blue blouses.
in ; ‘They looked at him in a stolid way, but with-
’, out any apparent curiosity. He passed open doors
« revealing rooms more or less tenanted with the
«Mongolian race, and went on up to the third door,

which was darker and more odorous than the low-
‘ er part of the house. On this ﬂoor was a door
which he knew led into the J oss House next door.
Locating it, he ‘opened it and found himself in a
small, room where a Chinaman satbefore -a dimin-
ntive table, on which was a lamp, which illumi-
nated the room or cell, for it had no window, and
‘Va set of tablets. The Chink was smoking a plpe
and studying the tablets. He looked up when Tom
: entered. '

Whatee want!" he asked.

he went straight. on up Nassau

   
  

 

     
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
   
      
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
   

.5

)-

N

3 .“I want to see the big ibss.” H
,“You go. No passee ere," answered the China-

 ulqohassee J!

Tom pulled out a dollair bill. , _

~ ‘fLet me in and I'll give you this,” he said.
‘fNo takee. You no passee.” .

Tom produced another dollar, but the bribe
wouldn't go, and the boy wondered how he was go-
ing to get around the obstruction. Suddenly an
~- idea occurred to him. He noticed the location of
' the inner door, and then ﬂourished a third bill un-
der the Chink’s nose. _ _ _

‘ “You go. No takee,” said the Mongolian, in the
same impassive way.

With a wave of his arm Tom swept the
lamp from the table. The light went out as the
V ' ‘ struck the ﬂoor, leaving the room : in com-
' ex ‘darkness. The Chinaman started up with a
 Biff! Tom struck out and bowled the Celes-
tial. over in a heap. Then he sprang for the door,
opened it, and passed through into the rear of the
less House. He found himself in a passage lined
with doors, illuminated by a dim light from the
other end. Openrng the first door cautiously he
peered into the small room, but there Was no one
it,‘ The second doorwas locked, but the key
was outside, Tom turned it, opened the door, and

.9133; ;;inall_windowthat. commanded. a view of

./

 

 

A soriorirnsi c‘Uas.

we girl standingwith her back to him, looking.

   

  

  
  
   

’ the roofs and narrow back yards-of the block.‘ She
turnead aitloundfon hearing,t1l)ie door open, and pré-
sente a aceo uncommon eaut . Here es wer’

ed from -crying, and a frighiziened exlprcssiong
haunted their depths. She seemed to be about‘
ﬁfteen years old, and was dressed neatlv but -
}s1irjrip(liy.h Tom closed the door behind him. for he-‘
ear t e Chinaman he had struck makin a ea ‘-
hullabaloo that was sure to attract atten§ion.g’Th: 

boy believed this girl, who looked at him in some V

terror, was the one he had come in search of. .

tortéare you Beryl Hunter?” he asked in a low . 

::Y-e-s," ﬂuttered from her lips. .

I have come here to save you, Miss Hunter, so’: _
don’t be afraid of me.” " ,
“Oh, take me away from this terrible place!» 
Please do!" she begged. » V.
“Hush! Not so loud. I don't want the China-' ’
men in this place to lknow rm here. We've got 

totbs very cautious or I-..'won’t be able to get you _ . 3

ou ,

_ He stepped to the door.and'listcned. A reat:

Jabbering in the Chinese language was goingg on » , ,,

at the endof the passage where he had enteredzv

The watchman he had slu ged was evidently de-= . 

tailing what had happenccf Then he heard some 3 

one opening and closing the doors along the.pas- ‘ ’

sage. He judged that a search was in progress. . 

and of course he was the object of it. Slipping

ovgzhto her sideklie wgiisperedzd ’ ; ;
ey are 00 mg or me an ma_ come in her 

I'm going to hide behind that curtdrin.” e."

Hardly had he slipped out of sight when the ,
key rattled in the lock, the door opened, and as '

Chinaman poked his head into‘ the room. He’-

looked around the r3«'..:n, and seeing no one but’ ..

th‘eGgi'g-(Q, withdrex’ 1a’n:l t*}ocld<e% the dgor. ' "
i o, gracious .. rea e om as e heard the
key turn in the lock. “I'm a prisoner, too.” 

     
  

  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
  

CHAPTER IX.—Beryl Hunter. A A «- 
He waited till silence reigned in the buildintmf

again, and came from behind the curtain. _. i
“Miss Hunter, I'm‘ sor1'y to say that the chances T '.
of getting you away are not as brig'ht—as I thouglitf ’"
for the Chinaman who looked in here locked the 0 ’
door, as you must have noticed, consequently I'm
as much a prisoner as yourself,” said Tom in a
low tone. , ‘ 
3 “Oh!” she gasped. ~ 9 ' H -
“But don't get discouraged. I came here to save
you, and I’ll do it somehow. Before I make an-
other move I'll tell you who I am, so that you may 3
have conldence in me. My name is Tom Gessler.” '.
“Tom Gessler,” she repeated. “I have heard
your name before. Are you the boy who’ saved l
Jack Robinson from the quicksand on Hen Island”
on the ”Fourth of July?” .

If

 
   
   
  
   
 
  

“You work in a broker’s ofﬁce in Wall Street?’ ,,,.-
HI d°_n _ 1 ‘ v 

“Then I am sure you will save me,” she said" ’ “
eagerly. “How did you find out I was here?”  ’

“By accident. 'I happened to be in a place Where
I overheard a conversation between the man who
assisted in carrying you off, with the aid of an
old woman, and the rascal who employed hing to
do the job. I.have‘.,a long story to te1l.you1in.cg;r-S
nection with this outrage, which.wi_ll- efgipl _

 
 
   
   
 
  

 

     

i  7 ,'
4 of it, but
_, I know more about. you than you
 ; ven than you know yourself.”
 ooked at him in great surprise.

dream of---

Sri «
 ' id.-‘fl ' ,  '- '

‘ ';':ffQf course you don’t, but you will undﬁand
when I’: get the chance to explaigﬁlater on. When

ere you carried off?” ‘ =

“Last ‘evening._” ,

“Tell me the c1rcumstanc&.”

Berylexplained that she had been over to a

  

 
   
  
  
   
   
   

home along the road when she was accosted by
~ “a?§ii'an not far from the gate of her own home.
The stranger asked her if _her name _was Beryl
Hunter,‘ and when she admitted that it was, he
ddenly threw a shawl he had on his arm over
irérhead and held her tightly despite her struggles
l she fainted. That was all she remembered
1% Atill“-she found herself a prisoner in that room and
saw through the window that it was daylight.
” “Then you didn’t see a harr.l—looking old woman
"withthe man?” _
_ . ‘.‘No,” she replied, shaking her head. “ I have
— een nobody but a Chinaman since I’ve been here.
1' «He brought me something to eat and drink, but I
‘venot eaten a thing. I have been so fright-
ned' over my terrible position that I have done
‘_thing but cry all day.”
"1.don’t wonder that you’ve been all broke up,
orit was impossible for you to understand why
‘ u were carried off from your home, or what fate
as ahead of you. I will be able to make that all
A 1* to you. Have you missed anything?"
"‘_Mi‘ss'ed anything? I don’t know what you
e:ah‘” on
"‘Didn’t you wear a locket around your neck.
. She raised~her hand to her throat, felt of her

53%

 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  

.“It was taken from you by_the man ‘w_ho’car-
' ed‘ you off. But I recovered it. Here l¥1S,’ and

“om pulled the locket with its chain rom his
ocket and handed it to her.

Thank you,” she said gratefully. “I have worn
at‘ always, ever since I can remember. The
d’.woman I lived with until Mr. Hunter took me
'.a";;‘ from heir after paying her some money told
1-,};‘at'jt was a present from my real father, but
i ever would‘ tell me anything about my “par-
except that they both died when I was very

g.”

  
  

11
‘It

s?’ .
es, that was her name. How did you know?”

it we get away from here.” .
wigye was not a nice old woman, and sometimes

ey selling ﬂowers. ‘I was always afraid _'of
and was very happy when she let me go with
1 E 'I§unter.” I _ _ ”
V‘. » i_ow‘loi-ig have you lived with the Hunters?

ifgggtagdgtebeibh as their daughter and called

.-. I egfl J V . ' _ ‘
what name did Mother Jinks call you by?”
N 4E>n_.}e-)2:

 
  
      
 

me, didn’t you?”

‘~,;(‘_...3iA.. ‘ﬁll-, ,v.A'r_v_‘

,. . 6,; hadian the; na

V

 

it must keep until I have rescued '

9 not understand what you mean,”, she

. ejghboring fai-m, visiting a friend, and was walk- «

V coming along the passage.

You refer to the woman known as .‘Mother
, _

Y
I41’ will explain what 1 have learned» about you.

. to -beat me when I did not make enough‘

as the boy, who was in dead earnest, he was 11.

The passageiwas silent and’ deserted; ’
‘  -.1 '~‘ ".\v.;.  " ‘ ‘”“ ‘4-"‘ ’“ '

  
    

    

“Yes. When I was sent to school she Wldfma.
to say my names was Hodges.” - ’ - — fr j
“That’s your right name, for your fathgr’s mine
was Hodges.” ‘ I _ "

“How are you able to tell that?” she said,.a
parently much surprised at the knowledge‘ ‘G’
seemed to possess concerning her. 

“I told you I would explain all I know about
you after we get out of this Chinese den. ,. I sup-
pose you know from what you have seen from
this window that vou are in New York?” I '

“Yes; but I don’t know what part of it,” 

“You are in Chinatown. You have heard 0
the place, haven’t you?” ' . ’

“Yes, but I know nothing about it.”

“It’s a tough place for a nice girl like you to be
in, but I’ll get you out and take you back to the‘
Hunters if it's possible for me to do it.” * 1- ‘«

“You are very good to come here to save me,”
said Beryl gratefully. 

“I considered it my duty to do that, Miss Hung
ter, the moment I heard of your abduction and,
learned where youlwere held prisoner.” ’ - "

“If you will take me home I shall be grateful-
to you as long as I live.” 

“If I don’t take you home it will be because_.I
am prevented by hard luck. Now I ani,goin‘g«td
see if there is any way that we can get out of this,
place.” ‘  '

Tom went to the door and tried it. It Wasnfas
as he expected. While- he was looking at ityh
heard the shuffling‘ sound of a Chinaman’s" oés
The sound stopped at
the door. Making a gesture of caution to Beryl
he slipped behind the curtain. He had barely mn-
cealed himself when the door opened and a China
man entered ~with a tray of food. >

“No eatee, eh?” he said to the girl, noticing th
untouched dishes that stood on a small table. Yo
gettee sick you no eatee. You beilly nicee gal, V
allee same much good lookee. Me takee gleat-likee
fql you. Me on lookee out fol nicee pletty Melican
wifee. Takee you pletty quick s’pose me catches,
chance.” 8  V

The Chink looked at Beryl with a longingeyn’
as he placed the fresh _food on the table. It -w
evident that he thought her a. peach as ind "
she was. Tom, as she listened to his talk, felt tlta.
it would give him a whole lot of pleasure to. 
his neck.‘ Peekingr out from a corner Of'tl1e_§_ ’
tain, he saw that the Chinaman’s back was 9 re-

  
   
   
 
  
    
   
   
    
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
 
  
  

sented to him. He also observed that the n V
stood ajar. With a little nerve, backed by g’ ‘
luck, he thought he saw the chance for Ber Ian
himself to escape. The opportunity might 11
come again, and he determined to avail himself ‘ -
it, let the risk be what it might. It was growing
dark outside by this time, and Tom had no deem
to pass the night cooped up in that room, ev"
with so charming a. companion as Beryl Huntfe
He glided noiselessly out from behind the curtai
and, throwing one arm about the neck of the are
suspecting Chink, secured a strangle hold on V’

and bore him to the ﬂoor. The Chinaman‘ stnig-.
glcd and tried to call out, but not being so stroff

    
 

less in the young messenger’s grip. ~

Beryl looked on with staring eyes ‘whi'le]".l"
choked the Mongolian into unconsciousness. ~
ing the fe1low’s hands behind his back and
ging him, Tom wentto the .door and looked

   
  
   
   

 
  
 
   

  

\.- ,r“~z, : 1 »

   

      

  

‘ >.*“Come,” he said, turning to Beryl. “Now is our
~.*hai_ice_» to get away.”
i Taking her, by the hand, he led her to the door
' by which he had entered the place. Opening it
slightly, he‘ saw another Celestial seated at the
.table,_ smoking and gazing straight ahead of him.
. Flinging the door open quickly he stepped into the
.little cell, followed by the girl. The Chinaman
- looked at them, and then jumped up to bar their
 v exit into the next building, at the same time grab-
 bing up a small covered drumstick and striking
a_ gong behind him. Tom snatched up the small
lamp and ﬁred it at him. He uttered a terrible
‘ cry as he fell in a heap on the floor. The boy
shoved the table over on him, and then rushed
" Beryl to the door, but to his consternation he
' found it locked. -

   
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 

k_ I

CHAPTER X.-—Tom Saves Beryl.
“Trapped!” gasped Tom. “This is hard luck.

I What shall we do? I hear several Chinks coming
this way along the passage, and that chap in here
is making noise enough to wake the dead.”
. s. Beryl caught, him by the arm and stood trem-
.7 bling with terror. '
] Tom struck a match and looked at the door.
“ , He saw that it was held by a heavy bolt.
_‘  He shot it back just at two Chinese priests
' 2 “hushed into the cell.
‘ The match having expired in the boy's ﬁngers,
. the room was dark again, and they could see
. nothing,/but the ‘could hear the squawking of the
_  chap Tom had owled over with the lamp, who
 probably thought the ceiling had fallen on him
when the young messenger pushed the table over
’ , on top of him. 9 ’
 The legs of the table stood up in the darkness
mid the priest who was in the lead butted against
one of them and then tripped over the kicking
,lower extremities of the fallen Celestial.
' I ﬁe went sprawling on top_ of the bottom of the
ta e. -
What he didn’t say in Chinese is hardly worth
mentioning.’
‘ ’ No doubt he swore some, but Tom couldn’t tell,
" for‘ he didn’t understand the language.

i ‘a _ The other Chinaman stumbled over  legs and
measured his length on the bare ﬂoor, striking his
‘forehead and nose against a. plank.

\  Tom took advanta e of ‘the confusion to open
the door and draw t e frightened Beryl outside

slamming the door after them.

_ “Come,” he said in an excited tone. “We haven't
a moment to lose. We must reach the street be-

fore those éhaps raise a homet’s nest about our

ears."

. They hurried down the three ﬂights as quickly
as they could and dashed out on the narrow side-
 k

, Here they came into the glare of gas jets and
the soft reful ence* of suspended Chinese lan-
 that mar ed certain shops and chop suey
restaurants. -
~ ‘The street was crowded with moving Mon-
pvglians, and the shops and doorways ﬁlled with
em.

‘1‘here.were,some white people among them, and

 

.« But maybe the key is in the lock. No, it isn’t.~

into the third ﬂoor corridor of the next building,

  

they regarded Tom, and Beryl - witliv 
curiosity than the Mongolians didur V “ “ ‘
Tom held the girl ﬁrm! by the  and
Pushed on toward Chatham quare. F .
She was much bewildered by the strange sigh
and sounds around the_m, and clung to the young,‘
messenger, as a, drowning man clings to a .plank'.,
She felt that he was safe as long as she was
with ‘him. Tom
terminate till they. reached the lower part of the
Bowery, with its lights, hustle, and elevated rail-‘
way overhead. .
“Now we're all right, Miss Hunter,”’ he said’:

reassuringly. “We’ll take a Third Avenue 

uptown." _ _
' “Are you going to take me home now?" ‘she;
asked eagerly. l  X I
“No. I’m going to take you up to my boarding-,
house and. turn you over to the landlady. You ll
be safe with her. We’ll sto at a telegraph oflice"
on the way and I'll wire 2'. Hunter where you:
are, and he’ll come after you. I‘ think that wil
be the best way, for you must be hungry andaf
good meal will make you feel better. Besides, I
want to tell_ _ou the story Ipromised you.”
_“I am wil in
plied Bery1._1o,o 'ng~ at him trustfully. . . .
“That’s right. I’ll see that nothing happens to,-
you. I’ll look after you just as if you were my"
sister. You trust me, don’t you?” » 
“Yes, yes,” she replied, clinging; to his arm as
they ascended the stairs of the C atham Square
elevated station. ;
As Tom bought a couple of tickets he noted by
the station clock that it was eight. g’ f

“No dinner at the boarding-house to-night for 
us,” he thought. “We’ll have to dine at a restau- 

rant. I’ll have to get Beryl a hat before I take.

her into one.” _ ’
They left the train at the Thirty-fourth Street ’

station, and started west across town. '-

Reaching Sixh Avenue, he took the girl into a. ‘"

Iélillinefy sltoge and bought her an inexpensive but ;
ecomin a . _
Then ghey went to a restaurant together 
both ate a hearty meal, for they were very hun-
g'ryﬁtBt«)argl not having eaten anything since the
rug e ore. . ,
b It gvas llilalf-past nine when they reached Tom’:
oar mg ous . -
H..:.t<;°k.r.:'v1:::t°.:he l“‘l;”'é‘““ “hr” 
u eanay, womierieyex ained _,
.rl’s positionﬁ and asked her to keep her for 
mght, telling er he had telegraphed for the girl’:
adgfutcd father to come after her in the morning ‘V
.. l;.“*%s.§:;d»zkzzrirzdeasiir  *° 9°
7 f 7 I -
“Indeed You needn’t. Mr. Gessler. Th_e fact.,that'{
the girl has been in trouble is a su_ﬂicient reason‘
why I will gladly befriend her till ‘her father
coines after her, said the boarding missus‘.

Thank you, Mrs. Williams. Come now, I'll in-
troduce the youn lady to you.” - I
..f.¥.:.”.?€.‘fi‘$‘.?.l.*“i‘a.l;.“‘l" W the   mm»
_ “I guess I’d better defer my story till the‘ 
ing, Miss Hunter,’. said Tom, “as you no doubt‘

 

‘ are greatly in need of rest. I'll see you at break

 

fast. and afterward I’ll let you have the story...
So he bade her good-night, receiving a gr , I
look from her eyes, and went to his own room;

'81 not feel sure how things would ‘-7.:

to do as you wish me to,” 

 

 

   

Tom was just ﬁnishing his breakfast when the
andlady led Beryl into the dining-room and gave
 her. a seat alongside of him.

. » ““Good-morning, "Miss Hunter,” said the boy as
= politely as though she were a princess. “I hope
§, you feel all right this morning.” .

{ff
’ VI

Beryl, smiled and said she did.

,“I dare say Mr. Hunter willbe down after ou

by the first train if he got my telegram ast
 night,” said Tom. “If he didn’t, and that is quite
possible, for I believe they don’t deliver telegrams

in the rural districts exce t through the mail,
'why, he’ll be along later. T en, again, it is more

. than likely he is in the city searching for you with
 ~ the help of the police. I might have notiﬁed police
‘headquarters last night where you could be fou_nd

: in the event that the department had been in-
formed about your abduction. I’ll call in there_on

‘ my way downtown so as to make sure of reaching

Mr. Hunter as soon as possible.”

‘ “You are very good to take so much trouble
about me,” said Beryl. _

“Don't mention it, Miss Hunter. I am very
happy to be of service to you.‘ I hope you wont
forget me altogether after you get ho e.”

‘ “I will never forgethow kind you ave been
to me,Aand I hope you will visit me when you
come up to see Jack Robinson, who told me he
expected you to spend your vacation with h1m,"
she said earnestly. »

“I will certainly visit you. In fact, I arranged
with Jack to stop over next Sunday with him,
and you'll see me sooner than you expected.”

“Ishall be very glad to see you on Sunday. You
must come over early and dinewith us.”

“I will if Jack and his folks Wlll let me.”

After breakfast they went to the parlor to-
gether. ,

“Now I will tell you the story I promised you,
and you must be prepared to be astomshed. I
have an idea you’ll hear more about yourself than
v  you ever knew.’’

, Beryl made no reply, but looked interested and

f.. expectant. , --

' .“All you know about-yourself is that your early

life was passed with that old woman named

~ Mother Jinks down somewhere on the east side
of this city, isn’t it?” » \

“Yes. She never told me a word about my real
father and mother, except that they were dead,
.but from many things she let out when somewhat
».under the inﬂuence of the 8'5“ She Was flmd 0f I
came to believe that my father and mother lived
out west in the mining district somewhere, an
; that I was born there.” ' »
__f_fI guess that’s right, for from what I heard
your rascally uncle §aY——" , , U
. “My-. uncle!” exclaimed Beryl in 5urpr1se- Have

» 7:2

I hlirggciite, and he's a big rascal, as I said. He
I 1 in this city now—-has an office down in Broad
 §treet. He is the man who caused you to be ab-
‘ I ducted from your home in Westchester.” _
‘ 1’ Beryl looked astonished,.as well she might
‘ “Your father owned a silver mine,‘ or at least

 controlling interest in it, I Should Ndgea called
"the Red Jacket. It was only what is called a
 prospect, I imagine—that is, it was not develo ed
‘to an extent that would enablejt. to Ptoduce s1 ver
 if therewas really any in _it that would pay a
proﬁt overthe cost of gettingit out of the ground.

4

 
  
     

 

  - ;.‘.-A‘Bor:o1%*'rﬁE‘cURs,I

.being unaware of the will, concluded to

   
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
      
   
     
  
    
  
   
   
 
   
   
  

However that may be~——and remember I am only
giving’ you my own idea on the subject-.—you’1__
father must have told his brother, Hiram Hodges, _
your uncle, that he had discovered a rich lode lot
ore in it, for it appears that his brother laid wires j
to do your father out of the mine if he could. .Be— t
fore anythin happened your father died, but he:
fore,he died ' e made his will, leaving the mine to .
you.’ . " ,~
“To me!” exclaimed the girl. , 2 ,
“So I heard your uncle say. Then your uncle_,.]
get you
out of the way, so he sent you East in charge of.
Mother Jinks, with instructions, which she see'ms»a'
to have carried out to the letter, to keep you in, V
the dark as to your parentage, and bring you up «,
as an unknown 0 han.” ' . ‘
“She did," nod ed Beryl, intensely interested
in Tom's revelation. ~ — "

“By getting you out of the way your uncle
expected  take possession of the mina that was .
yours by right and _work it to his own advantage
He succeeded in doing this for a while, but any
long enough to discover, no doubt to his t—,dis‘
ap ointment, that there was no value. le silver
10 e apparently in the ground, and that the mine ',
was apparently worthless. He then started to sell 1
the ground for what he could get for it, wh_en.__;
the will made by your father turned up and he was
stopped by law from doing so. Therefore, as the...
case stands at this moment, you are the only rec~ ~
ognized owner of the Red Jacket property 
Paradise, Nevada.” /  , .

“Oh!” ejaculated Baryl, hardly able to realize
Tom's last statement. . , ' _

“Under ordinary circumstances it would onl be
necessary for Mr. Hunter, as your legal ar ian
in this State, to investigate the facts. an ﬁnding
them‘ to be right, to take possession of the prop:
erty and hold it in trust for you. Unfortunately,
this rascally uncle of yours was legally appointed ‘-
guardian by a Nevada court, and in that ca city
he holds possession of the property. Now have
stated everything I know about you, but themost
astonishing part is to come." 

Tom then told her the facts connected with ‘the
locket which had their origin in the ﬁnding of 
father's diary by his crooked brother. ' .

“And the paper is in this locket?” she said,
placing her and on it. I ,

“So your uncle believes, but it happened I ac~:/
cidentally opened that locket myself after I got“
it in my possession yesterday afternoon, and
what do you suppose I found in it?” ’ 

“I couldn’t guess.” " ’ .

‘.‘0n1y a new one-dollar treasury note. I took it
out, and here it is.” V r m; j

With these words Tom took it out of his ,pocl¢'et
and handed it to her.

“And this is what my father put in the locket
“It would appear so.” — 6,
“Dear, dear father!” she said, kissing the ~n'ote,‘ \
while her eyes suffused with tears. “I shall keep »
this in remembrance of him ‘as long as I live.”.. ~
“That’s right. I would_.”» answered Tom. «>4 j-_
At that moment there was a ring at the front
door and the servant presently ushered a hearty“
looking, weather-tanned man into the parlor._ "
The moment, Beryl saw him she sprang up.-,
“Father! Father!” she cried, running into’
arms ,,

 A not or! 

‘X

VHAPTER XI.—Tom Makes Biz Lloney.

After greeting her adopted father with every
dence, of aﬁection, Beryl introduced Tom to
.,m;»’and ,told him that the boy had ‘rescued her
in the house in Chinatown where her abductor
ajdrcalrried her. Farmer Hunter thanked him for

W,l1ﬁt'«he ,had done for Beryl, and then Tom said‘

e__hé" had to go downtown to hiS_business,_and that
Beryl -could tell him everything that had hap-
ened to her. He bade the girl good-by and prom-
sed that if nothing prevented he would see her
'-3‘l‘,l'ie following Sunday. It was half-past ten
"hen;Tom marched into his oﬂice. He expected
' rgeta red—hot calling down for his unexplained
sen‘ce' since noon the preceding day, and he was
disappointed. He explained as much of his
Voyenients as he thought proper, but the cashier
'as*inclined to doubt much of his story, and gave
'« a good raking‘, telling him he would certainly
abort his conduct to Mr. Ainsworth when he came
the office. As Tom had learned that Montana
Gopher had already gone up another point that
-ringfhe felt as independent as a hog on ice,

‘ ’ :7 he didn’t give a picayune whether school kept

at, which in plain English means that he
 d'n’t have worried much if he had been ﬁred

_ __ _ Montana Copper continued to
o’,;.i1p, and that helped to inﬂate the prices of
‘ ‘er. stocks on the list, therefore buyers became
‘ ejity. Mr. Ainsworth turned up Saturday morn-
" ., ‘but by that time the cashier had got over the

ouch heliad in for Tom, and he forgot to. report
' to the boss, consequently Tom heard nothing

.of the matter. In,the meantime the police
we're, looking‘ for Hiram Hodges, his accomplice
roses, and Mother Jinks, for Farmer Hunter, af-
_“ ."‘.~»:l'iearin;z Beryl’s story, decided to prosecute
 for, the girl's abduction. Those three in-
adhsriduals, however, knowing what they might ex-
,get1_after T.om’s escape from Hodges oiﬁce, and
_L'”s'ubsequent rescue of Beryl from the Joss
 se in Chinatown. left the city, to remain away
llfthe. police got tired of looking for them.

--I§odges'was particularly down in the mouth over-

ejﬁlqss of the locket. and blamed his own stu-
‘ dity in leavm it at his oﬁice when he went out.
” ‘S satisﬁ that Tom Gessler had a skeleton
./ 1-'th’_.which he had opened his desk, never
’ '9; that it was his own carelessnes in fail-

ii to. lock the roll top that enabled Tom to get
‘it. and secure the locket. He was satisﬁed

ow, that the secret of the lost lode was in Tom's
bssession, and that he had given the paper to the

' and made her wise, too. Had he known that
young messenger had found only a plain one-
bﬁ_3.if- treasury note in the locket. and that the
\aEhj;et, if there was one, was as much a secret as
‘ex,’ itwould no doubt have made a change -in
he was already [ﬁguring on to get _back at
ejjboy who, in his opinion, had “done him up.”

. pntnna Copper closed at 40 on Saturday noon,
the Curb Exchangebrokers quit business for
 *‘i?*§{«€’eek, and as that put Tom over $5,000 ahead
_igir"e‘game he took a train for Mamaroneck that

‘ ‘ nooivfeeling uncommonly frisky. Jack Robin-

" s~wai*~;ng for him at the station with,-a»

V and greeted him effusively. l
’ ‘.,?£gu’re, all risrht.

v. .4..

Thin.” he said. after-~

.'.:£’ «.""

shaking hands with his new friend. “The whole
neighborhood is ringing with your raises, iozgth
rescue of Beryl Hunter from that C inatown ‘deft
After making arrangements with me to introduce.-
you to the young lady, you turn around and in-T
troduce yourself in regular story-book style. G-ee;!'~‘
But you've got a great nerve to go into that joint}
the way you did and get her out. She just think
you're the whole thing now. She told me you »wer’e~

the bravest, ﬁnest, handsomest and nicest boy she”, ’

had ever met in her life. What do you think of _
that? She’s dead "gone on you. and there isn’t'

another chap in the neighborhood that stands one,‘ '7

two, three with you. I suppose this will end like
all thrilling romances in you marrying her some"
day. If you do you have my congratulations, for .
she’s a blamed nice girl, and the prettiest one‘ in
Westchester.” ‘ '

“Do you often make such a long speech without,‘
taking a breath?” laughed Tom. * «.

“Not often, unless I’m riled over something".
and then I go outside the house and talk to myself‘
till I’m tired.”

On the following afternoon Jack took Tom overt '

to the Hunter farm, not to take dinner, for.‘«the’-:
Robinsons wouldn’t hear of that, but to spend 
afternoon and take tea with Beryl and her adopt?-

ed parents’. He was received with open arms, and:

Jack, concluding the‘ he could be dispensed With"
on this occasion, pleaded another engagement, and ‘
said he would cal1;for Tom about nine o’clock,_-
which was quite satisfactory to Beryl, who made‘
up her mind to have her hero, as she called himp
all to herself after her parents had made as much
of him as they wanted to. Tom put in a very-
pleasant afternoon with Beryl, and he found her;
even more charming than his fancy had pai ‘ted
her. In fact, he was quite captivated with ‘her;
She, on her part, was very gracious to li'im,_and,
they got on very well together. He entertaine
her with his experiences. in Wall Street, and /shoe‘
said thatrnothing would please her better than to
visit the ﬁnancial district and see how the bulls;
and bears carried on there. . »

“Well, wait till some time next month, when
businessgets to humming, and then get your or '
ther to bring you down some Saturday morning;
said Tom. “I’l1 take you to the Curb i Market
and afterward over to the Stock‘Exchange. '1‘he'n,.’~
as I’m off about half-past twelve, I’ll take youvbofh
to lunch.” . , -. 

“Thank you for the invitation,” she‘ replied.’
“Maybe I’ll surprise you some Saturday when you":
aren’t looking for me.” . 3 i  _

“You won't catch me napping, Miss Beryl-, for
as soon as things pick up I shall begin to look for
you,” he replied. ' ’ ' 

Jack turned up a -little after eight, and prompt-
ly at nine he and Tom said good-by, the latter 1',
ceiving a special invitation to call soon‘ again, and
left for the Robinson farm. Montana Coppercon
tinued to go up during the ensuing week‘, and 4th

Curb was much excited over it, a tremendous.‘ ‘

amount of trading‘ being‘ done, considering tha
the month was an off one for business. On S836-L
urday when the Exchange closed it was .up too
Although Broker Howard had advised Tom to ,5 \
if the stock reached 50, he did not do it, forth ,
prospect looked too good for him to draw out, :01?‘
Monday morning‘, however,’.he heard ,a.;_vii;1't
broker say something to Mr. Ainsworth_aboi_i‘t;
stock that caused him to alter hlisymlnﬁ about
V ,_. .. _ M 

-1.»

    

V ,. . 1,
‘mg on any longer. He availed himself of the first
chance to call at Broker I-Ioward’s oﬂice.
trader was not in, but he left his order for the
’ , saleof his shares with the cashier, and fifteen
¥ niinutes later the control of the 700 shares passed
V 2 out of his hands at 55 3-8, giving him a proﬁt of
$23 a share, or'about $16,000 altogether. Later
,_ on Broker Howard sent for him to call.
. , / ‘You made a pretty good thing out of your deal,
Gessler," he said, after the boy was shown into
his private room. “Sixteen thousand dollars is
not to be sneezed at. I have often made less my-
self on a deal."
“I’m satisfied,” replied Tom._
_ "You ought to be. But I didn't send for you
to tell you this, but to settle with you for the
" beneﬁt I got out of your tip. Our arrangement

 

 

ever proﬁt I made. Well, I got in on 2,000 at 32,
.. and sold at 52. Therefore I made a clear ‘$40,-
' ’ 000. Your swire of that is $4,000, and here is my
check, made out to your order, for that amount."

“Thank you, Mr. Howard; you are a man of

111' word,” said Tom, taking the check.
‘‘ I “That’s my chief stock in trade, Gessler. If I
'.didn't keep my word in this business I wouldn’t
last long. A man’s word has got to be his bond
in Wall Street, andovahen hﬁ ’<’:an’t meet his en-
;. gagements he goes e we . -
 “My tip has done pretty well by me, for it has
turned me in $20,000.

  
   

out of the ‘stock market,"
: .“I should say so. Allow me to congratulate you
’- I on your success, and hope that such luck won’t
turn your head. If I were you I think I'd quit
and not run the chance of losing. any part of it.
Ope of the greatest things going is to know when
to ft out of a gambling game, and the stock
‘g-mar et is about as big a gamble as I know of,’
~’ re lied the broker. . _ _
‘ om thanked him for his advice and took lu
fleave. i
‘ ' But heshad no idea of following it.
In. fact, hismind was made up to quit the mes-
.6811
xdes room. in somebody else’s oﬁice, and follow
Curb speculation as a regular occupation. .
-' ’ He waited a couple of weeks, until September
 well advanced, when he tendered his resigﬁ
nation to Mr. Ainsworth, recommending his friend
"Jack Robinson to ﬁll his shdes. ‘

    
  
   
   

‘x .a good messenger that he didn’t want to lose him;
but as our hero couldnt_ be induced to alter his
..deteI'mination, Jack Robinson was_sent for, and
'5 Tom broke him into his duties inside of a week.
V" The two oys took a large square back room in
rs. Willie ’s boarding-house, and were quite
leased to be together. '
Tom had visited Beryl a second time. _and the
oung people arranged to correspond with each
.other.
_ Nothing further had been heard from 1-Iiram
:H¢dsies- ~ . . . .
-He and his‘two associates in the kidnapping
nﬁairmanaged to elude the detectives, and .or»i
believed’ they: had gone West.
Jlthey h§.dn’t, ‘however, as Tom _ere long -;.i..:-
_r_ed to his disadvantage

   
   

A Boy or run CUIRIBI

The‘

-was that I was to give you 10 per cent. of what- =
.. looking offices in Wall Street than this one."

I am now worth $27,300, -
which is pretty goodifor a messenger boy to make i

‘will you invest it in some stock for me?”

er business,’ hire, an oiiice, or at any rate’

The broker liked Tom, and had found him such I

 
 

    
  
      
   
   
 
  
   
   
  
    

CHAPTER XII.-V——'I‘he Trap that Failed. » L 

Shortly after Tom severed his connection, wit}
Broker Ainsworth he found a small room on ;t'h(.
sixth ﬂoor of a Wall Street building, and renting‘
it up to the following May, he had his name-i ‘
painted on the frosted glass and furnished it up ii ‘
regulation style. V ’

He could have saved considerably money hat-
he taken desk room in some trader's office, but‘ h('
felt he would be more independent if he had his
own headquarters all by himself. - 

Jack who was as tickled with his job of rn'es~'
senger as a child with a new toy, was his ﬁrs!
visitor. ‘ I _ V

“'I‘here’s nothing the matter with the way you'r_r
fixed up here, Tom,” he said, with an approviiui
look around the room. “I’ll bet there are worse

 

“Oh, it’ll do all right for me,” replied Tom.‘
“I should think it would. So you’re going ti
make a business of speculatin ?" ' I
“Yes, and I'll take orders rom anybody that
wants_m_e to buy any stock or bonds for them or
comnuss1on." .. ~ E
“Then you're going to be a broker as well as’
speculator ?-" ‘ - _ 
“n f course, if I can get anybody to patronize
me. I
“Well, I hope you make a success of it."
“Thanks; it won't be my fault if I don't.”
“Say, if I. get the old man to send me $100,

“I might, if it was a stock I was, going in on,
myself.” i ' , ‘ _
_ “Then I’ll get the money and you can k it’
in_ your safe till you fee like using it. a

 t me ten shares on margin, won't it?"
es —*~ '

 

“And if the stock should go up ten points I'df
double my money?” 
“Less commission and interest charges, which;
wouldn't amount to much on such a small deal,“
replied Tom. ‘ - '

Just then there was a knock at the door,:ai_id}_;
Tom told the person to walk in. The door opened
and a man of medium hei ht entered the little‘ 
oﬂice. He wore a Prince A bert coat and a soft" ;.“
slouch hat. A dark b_eard_ covered the greater},
Ea:-t of his features, while his eyes were concealed‘

y a pair of goggles. I I,

“Is Mr. Gessler in?” he asked. ' . .

“That’s my name,” replied Tom. “Take a seat?
and let me know how I can serve you.” ~

As the visitor took a chair, Jack got up, and‘
saying he’d be back in half an hour to go up»
town with his friend, walked out of the oﬂice. I

“You’re a Curb broker, I believe," said 

 

caller. ,
“I do business on the Curb,” replied Tom. »~ ‘
“My name is Jacob Thompson. I heard thn

there was a new broker in this building, and’th

 
 

— elevator man told me that he guessed you were

the person, as you were the latest tenant.» I have
been looking around for somebody to buy ‘quite
a number of shares of a certain mining"»«st0e1t
for me. For reasons which I will not mention
I don't care to employ any regular trader to ex
ecute the commission for‘-me I think'you"_wi
be just the person I- want. You -are-you 0:
not generally known .yet as a broker. «.

V.

 

 
  
  

   
   

 

'11 call at my office on Broad Street tomorrow
a-tithalf-past, eleven sharp I will talk ‘business
with you‘. ‘ Here is my card.” 0
,‘‘All right, sir,” replied Tom, delighted at the
deadg; catching a customer so soon. “I’l1 be on
n 
‘fI.’llv1ook for you. Remember, half-past eleven
ar ,‘ young man,” said the visitor, rising.
“. 11 be there on the minute.” .
The caller then took his leave.
 he walked out the postman walked in and
iiande_d.Tom a letter. Beginning with “Dear
Tom,” the girl said that she and her “mother”
Werecoming to New York in the morning to do
one shopping, but before visiting the stores
theyﬁwere going to give him a call at his office.
"'5. e will probably reach Wall Street about
eleven, so look out for us,” Beryl concluded. _ .
«Tom was delighted at the prospect of a visit
on)... the girl he had rescue from Chinatown,
andzwhom he had come to think a‘ lot of, but he
Mass afraid that his engagement with Jacob
Thompson, his prospective customer, would pre-
v_eiit_?him from showing Beryl and her adopted
mo,ti*i'er‘?the sights of the ﬁnancial district, as he
wdpromised them he would do when they hon-
ored; him, with a visit. When~Jack returnedhe
told him that Mrs. Hunter and ‘Beryl were com-
ngﬂto the city in the morning, and he expected
visit_from them.
“-Sorry I can’t be on hand to see them,” he-
ed Jack; “but business before pleasure, you
w-. I can’t take any chances with my job,
o,r»~~I’m new to the office, and Cashier Huntle
" keepiztg tab on me right along to see how

   
    
    
     
  
  
     
 
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
 

   

love, so don’t waste
you arethe only

   
 
   

 

pebble on the beach with her.” _
‘f*Le ’s change the subject. You know the chap
Vth the goggles who came in ‘here just before
mivwent out?"

 
 
  

— ome mining stock'for him.”
..'1‘hat €07, S3 you’veuc’a’ught a customer al-
d ? (in re oing we .

in to call at his office in Broad Street in the
; rning at eleven-thirty to get the order and my
instructions. I guess I’ll make a good‘commis-
 out of him, fléir’ he lCI11tI']I:‘nab€d that]: he vcianted
‘ ' ‘de able stoc sai om comp acent y.
1}.ﬁi7h8I.‘thC0mI}?l,i’SSi’0n do you ichargel for buying
~ I s ares.
';‘If1Imc,gharge the regular rates, and they depend
wthe market price of the stock. Prospects

     

   
  

   
  
 

centra share; stocks worth $1 or under, one
cent; from $1 to $20,. two cents; $2 to $3, three
rid. oi3e—half cents; $6 to $5, six and a quarter
rents; 5 and over, twelve and one-half cents.
‘Then if you bought.1,000 shares of ,a stock
 ‘or over for this Thompson youd make
' 2 3 " ‘ . .
‘The ’s right. _ If I bought 5,000 my cornmission
‘old’ , ﬁve times asmuch, _or $625, replied
o  i i ‘ e ‘
 _suppose you could buy the shares inside of
or so. . Th‘at’s;what I» call making easy

?“‘°V

  

    
 

  
      
    

 
   

.e«néaB¢f.i“thatijI*m" m>,t1ik<:1s?~t c

  

xiii Boy o:?d.~nE CURB‘

‘ ‘rth less than 20 cents the charge is one-half »

  

   

get many orders.until'I establish "a reputation?’ as
a trader, and In oﬂice rent and other 
will go on just 1; e same.” , ‘ . - v 
“One order a month at the rate of $625 would
pay you_pretty well, wouldn’t it?” ‘ »':‘_...i.
V Yes, if I got it. At present I’d be glad to get ‘ ‘w
one order 'a week at $125.” , ,f —,  ~.
Tom shut down his desk, put on his hat, ands‘ '
said if Jack was ready they’d go uptown. Next. —’
morning, at a few minutes of eleven, Beryl. 
walkbd into his oﬁice alone. , ;— 
“Why, where’s your mother?” asked Tom, after, 
»greeting her effusively. - \ 
“I’m to meet her at the fountain on the ground 1
ﬂoor of”——mentioning a well-known department
store-—-“at one o’clock,” replied the girl. “She.
decided not to come so far downtown, but I ’ _
wouldn’t disappoint you after writing I would 
come, so here I am.” _   '
“Well, .I’m awful glad to see you,” he said.’
“How. do you like my den?” ' >
‘‘It’s a splendid little oﬁice.
well?” " , .
“I haven’t done anything yet. You see, 1 a,
fellow can’t expect to do much at first. I’ve got
my, first customer on the string. I'm to call at '
, his ofﬁce at half-past eleven. It’s down on Broad
Street, near the Curb Exchange. I’ll take you 2-
along ‘with me, and you can watch the Curb
brokers while I’m engaged inside. I dare’ say.I<‘~
won’t be long.” , ‘ :
Beryl said she was willin to go with him and
wait till he rejoined her. 0 at twenty minute
ast eleven they left the ofﬁce and walkedleisure-r
y down Broad Stret. Just below the corner of
Exchange Place Tom saw a cab drown’ up close,
to the sidewalk. He noticed it because it was 3..
shabby—looking vehicle, not at all like theca s.
to be seen at all times during business hours‘
that vicinity. It was of the variety known -13.
the “night-hawk,” and hardly ever seen around
in the daytime. The driver had a hang-dogplook
that did not invite conﬁdence, and he had alreaid

  

 
 

   
  
   
  

Are you doing 7'

        
       
        
  

   
       
    
   
   
 
  
   
 

detectives, who was watching him -fromuthe cor
ner. The Curb brokers were gathered ';insideij:a«
long roped-in enclosure on the east side of Broad
Street, carrying on business in much the same.
fashion as it was done in the big exchanges in
Beryl was much interested in their'1mo=ve-
merits, and Tom lefther standing near the yen
trance to the building he was going. in, fro‘
which point she could gasily'see all that was
ing on. Tom looked on the directory b0ar_d“.,o
Thompson’s name but didn’t see it. He -though
that funny, if the man had an oﬁice in the build ,
ing. He looked at the_ card, thinking he had coins‘
into the wrong building, but he had not. ~ Th
only thing he could do was to ask the man atth
elevator. This he was about to do when he fell
his arm seized, and, looking around, saw ,his;pros«~
pective customer. - ' » 

“You .are on time, I see,” said the
the goggles. . ~ ,

F‘I looked for your name on the board, .~}b11.
didn’t see it, and I was just going to inqu

   
    
       
  

    
 
 
   
     
     
  
     
  

  

nian iwi,

  
  
  

      
  
   

for you," replied Tom. , H ,  _
“My name isn’t up yet, as I've only just rented
an oiiice here,” said Thompson. ,  ,
His explanation seemed reasonable, and, 7}‘
naturally accepted it. « i j   -« 
I  “Come with-me,”» said the man; hold:

    

by the arm.

  
  
 

  

   
  

  
    

 

VT-honipson led Tom to the rear of the:-building

d1‘i‘nto. ahshogt Clgrﬁdﬁf, where-a man was stand-
‘ ., ‘th is ac to em.

5 _'%Hvei'e he __is, Jones,” said the man with the

" ' les. I '
 other man swung around suddenly, and
 then Tom, to his surprise, recognized‘ him as
 Hodges’ accomplice. Before the boy had time
to consider anything, Thompson pinned his arms
from behind, and Jones, catching his head in a
stran le hold, pressed a drugged handkerchief
,, ,.over is face. The drug was so owerful that
T/Tom lost consciousness at once._ ‘he man with

'_th_e goggles picked the boy up in his arms and
‘ ‘tarted for the front entrance, followed by his
.r companion. In the meantime Beryl was watching
'" the ususual sights around her. She was quite
‘interested in all she saw. At length she turned
around and looked toward- the entrance of the
skyscraper where Tom had gone in. At that mo-
 ment the man with ‘the goggles, carrying the
. ‘young speculator in his arms, approached the en-
 trance, with Jones close behind him. With a lit-
ytlci cry of surprise Beryl recognized Jones as the
' man. who had kidnapped her, and whom-the po-
hflice were looking for. Then she saw Tom's head
‘’ anging over. the other man_’s arm. [Just then
Jones leaned forward and said somethigg to the
man with the goggles. His action, talc n in con-
nection with Tom’s inert and helpless condition,
made Beryl jump to the conclusion that the two
7" ‘men were kidnaping the boy to get him out of
3 the wa . _ , _
As the disguised Hodges, bearing Tom _in_his
rms, issued"from the doorway of the building,
followed by his pal, and made for the_cab, Beryl
rushed forward and grasped a passing broker
by the arm.
“Save him!” she cried.

  
 

  

  
   
  

 

   
   
  
  
 
  
   
 

"W'as.Tom’s friend, Edward Howar He looked
' the girl, and then at the boy, whom he im-
mediately recognized. Astonished to see him _in
b?*t“l‘i’at‘condition, he stopped Hodges and asked him
I hat‘ was the matter with Gessler. -»
“‘He’s had a ﬁt; I'm taking him to the hospital
inthat ca ,” replied the rascal glibly.
‘‘-Don’t believe him!” cried Beryl, in great ‘ex-
citement. “Those two men are kidnaping him!”
,“Hold on,” said Broker Howard, who began to
spectall was not right. “I know this boy. He
sjiui; subject to ﬁts that  know of. Who are you,
' you to interest yourself in this

   
  
   
  

and‘ hofwucaigis

 I(laI")[:.lS Thompson and I have an office

iinfithat building’. The boy had‘ the ﬁt. in. my

-grace. I thought the best thing I could do was
. pg

   

   

. What’s the trouble?" asked the detective who
had been watching the cab, coming up.’

,3, ;sure they are kidnaping him, because that

  

- an”‘—‘and Beryl pointed at J ones——“’ carried me
r :  f . . h three weeks ago. ’_
  fﬁ-101$ m¥;u’§:l?c;§tei1~( loolkl intodthish m:li(ttei',
,v“’.'h1;"‘ ‘e' owar wo new
thdiigfciivé.  dOeS1I(l)’t sleem just right to me.”
'’‘.‘What’s your name, young lady?. asked the
wheat. I - V = " ‘
?“SBe’1:yl' Hunter.”
*iPfW!_1'y;-you are
 her home

 
   

   

  
  

the young lad» who Was kid-
in V estchester and

,  i7i;BoY».,«oii“'ri§ti§ .,C;UR13

' -through the fringe of spectators and ran dowii.

It happened that the trader BeI(‘iyl_\1'aI'l up to .

..Doii’.t let this man take’! Tom Gessler away. '

   

Tom Gessler saved you, aren't you‘.7" askedﬁthe
broker, who had heard all the particI1lars‘{off5
case from Tom. 
“Yes,” she re lied, “and that's the man w_
carried me off. e ought to be arrested. I-know
the police are after him. He is trying to ge
away! Somebody stop him!” , 
The moment Jones found that Beryl had idem .
tiﬁed him he had begun edging out of the crowd
He now made a sudden break for it, pushing the
people aside.  1
"Stop that man!” cried the detective.  .
The ﬂight of Jones satisﬁed the detective .tha_
there was something wrong about the matter. He
immediately whistled for assistance. That re“
vealed his true character to the disguised
Hodges, and he realized that. he was in a..ba.d
ﬁx- Dropping the unconscious. Tom, ‘he -made’.
sudden dash to follow his associate. The dete _
tivé was too quick for him, and grabbed hiii_i__-by
the arm. In the struggle that followed his bee.’
and goggles fell off, and he stood revealed‘"a;
Hiram Hodges, the Wall Street speculatorg ‘ '

       
     
  
  
  
     
   
   
  
  
    
 
    
  
   
   
 
     
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  

CHAPTER XIII.—Lu%l< Strikes Tom With B}:
‘ eet. . '

As a last desperate resort Hodges struck -the
detective a heavy blow in the face. The oﬁcér
staggered back, releasing his hold on the rascal;

Hodges, taking advantage of hischance, darted

Exchange Place, followed a moment later»by,~tl;'e
detective. Broker Howard picked Tom up,,._and,‘.
followed by Beryl, carried him to‘ the neares
drugstore. The moment Hodges ﬂed the dri
of’ the shabby cab, who had been watchin , the
outcome of the affair closely, drove off at a%ri$w
pace, turning down Broad Street. The proprie-
tor of the drugstore examined Tom and said -‘hi
had been drugged with a certain preparation
which he named. The boy was carried into._tliie
back part of the store and the dru'ggi.st{I3.1:‘..
ceeded to adopt means which after the lapse: of
half an hour brought him to. 
“How came you in this condition, Gessler.
asked Broker Howard,» who, with Beryl," hf
watched the efforts of the druggist to bring th
boy around. “ 0 you know who it was d ,
you, and why?” _  V
. Tom explained the circumstances tlfat led} V
the condition’ he had'~been found in, and saidtlie
man who applied the drugged handkerchief was’
a fellow named Jones, who was wanted by thepge
.1ice for _abducting'~ Beryl Hunter. ' _ 7 v
“I now believe the man who enticed me to 
_.building, under pretense of givin me an order’tiio»
buy stock for him, was Hiram odges, who 
loyed Jones to carry oil’ Miss Hunter,” a 
om. “Of course their object was to geti-e'v‘ ‘
on me’, but it seems strange they had the "L ',
to try and carry me off in broad daylight,
right in the most crowded part of Broad 
too.’  2  
“They might have_succeeded if it had not e
for this young_ lady,” said the broker, 
Beryl. “She interfered and ap ealed‘ ‘to ”
save you. [A crowd gathered an
were unable to reach their cab.” . _ I -.
“So you saved me, Beryl, did yoii2".s2.i;L
taking her by the hand. _ ‘{You’re,’.a good»

     
   
  

   
 
   

      
        
        
         
  
  

your abdue

  
 

;cl6wn‘~to.ir den in Chinatown,‘ from which; a plucky lone Were:-the. rascals arrest
r   .. .  " _ .;‘:.'..~:  -"I?  C» .‘~€‘. ‘-4:  iv .  '

i\Y

 

  

‘st V I

 
 
   

., ‘.‘The)»man~, with the beard and goggles, whom
you beheve to be Hod es, was detained by a de-
-.:.ective who came up, ut he put up a li ht and
Trnanaged to get away,” replied Broker oward.
_. . "The oﬂicer gave ghase, however, and it is uite
 ' “possible he was caught before he ot very ar.”

' .‘-‘I hope he was,” said Tom. “ ell, I’m much

‘obliged to you, Mr. Howard, for what you did
for me.”

"That's all right, Gessler. Glad to have been
able to hel you out of.a bad predicament.”

“I feel a 1 right now, so I guess we’d better get
out of here. Come, Beryl,” said Tom, gettin up
_ from the lounge on which the druggist had een ~
‘ ‘working over im. V
2 . He thanked the druggist for his services, and

, then the three left the store. Broker Howard
"74 2 took his leave at the nearest corner. ‘

“As I haven’t anything particular on hand to
claim my attention, I’ll go uptown with you,
«Ber l,” said Tom, when they were by themselves.
“ shall be glad if you will,” she.replied.

, , “I guess we are square now. I saved you after
7 you were abducted, and you saved me -from be-
’ ..ng kidnaped. One good turn deserves another,
' they say, and so when the chance came your way
;o square yourself you grabbed it. You have my
thanks, Beryl, and I shall think more than ever
of you.”
 V At Tom's request the girl told him how it came

jabout that she interfered in his behalf. After
hearing her story he said that he was satisﬁed,
that only for her the rascals would probably have
succeeded in carrying‘ out their purpose. '
,. “You have been face to face with your rascally
U uncle, for there is no doubt in my mind that the
fnan with the beard and the’ goggles was he,”
concluded Tom.

Half an hour later they entered the depart-
‘ment store, and found Mrs. Hunter at the ap-
 gointed rendezvous waiting for her adopted
Jlaughter. She greeted Tom cordially, and then
me remarked that he guessed it was time to go
to lunch, and invited t em to eat at his expense.
‘-"I‘hey accepted the invitation, and he took them
to. a well-known restaurant on Sixth Avenue.
While waitin to be served Tom told Mrs. Hun-

. her what ha happened to him in Broad Street,
' and described the art Beryl had played in the
exciting incident. ’ aturally the lady was very
J much astonished, and she seemed to think that
~ Beryl had displayed more courage than she had
 thought her capable of. At any rate, she com-
gplimented her for assistin Tom, and the boy
:said that he felt under grea obligations to Beryl
or the service she had rendered him. Lunch over,
, Beryl said she had some shopping to do herself,
- .‘-,zu.jid so Tom said he wouldnt detain them, but
‘gofback to his office. .

, “But you will come up and see us soon, won’t
,,you?’7 said the girl.

_ " “Do you really want me to come very much?”
~ he ‘asked her, as they stood apart.

" “Of course I do,” she replied, with a look that
showed she meant it. _

' “Then I'll be up next Sunday morning. How
_ »will‘that do?” ’ —

‘ “Very nice] ." she said, with a pleased smile.’
;, “Now, remem er, I will eifipect to see you.”

' ..:He tassui-ed her he woul be up, and then took
is leave. That afternoon when Jack dropped

to see him’ he astonished that led Wlth‘ the

 

 
 

 

   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  

l , IA Bordon TIT-IE CUIRVBV‘ 1

_him out of a big fortune,

       

A

    

particulars of what had hapgened to him that "jg
morning own near the Curb xchange, and how 
Beryl Hunter had saved him from being carried .
off by his enemies. ( '
_ ‘fGee!” exclaimed _Jack. “I suppose the aﬁalr
is in the afternoon papers.” . '
“I dare say there is somemention of it, but
I don’t believe the reporters have got hold of any- -
filélggtﬁivlgt 1-éhg léarihfact thatt some crooked gafme \ ~
31‘ 9 Y 6 0p or une a arance o ‘a
Wall Street detective.” p ppe .
“So your first customer turned out be Beryl
Hunter's uncle.in disguise?” .
“That’s how it looks to me.”
“And you don’t know whether he was cap-
tured by the detective or not?” , ,
“NO.” '. 1
“If he was arrested the papers will tell it.”
“Then we'll see on’ our way home.”
“The other chap got off altogether, you say?”
“‘I have little doubt but he did.” —
th;}"I;l,i,<)se fellows had an awful nerve, didn’t . —‘:
“I should say they did; but it is generally the ,-
nervy tricks that succeed. If Beryl hadn’t been 
with me probably they would have succeeded.” ’
“If they had it would have been tough on you. ,
Those fellows would have made it hot for you. i
You’ve been a stumbling block in their way ever’ '
since you overheard their conversation that evp.-
ning at the island.” -

“Yes, I defeated Hodges’ little game to carry 2 ‘
Ber 1 off out West, which, even if it had suc- 
cee ed, would have been wasted effort on his art, ; 
as he would have found out in the end. Hog 3'
however, dnesn’t know that, and thinks I lqioci: ,
that’s why he’s" got it ,

 

in for me good and hard.”

“I guess you’ll be wary after this of any visitor
who sports a beard and a pair of goggles,“ '
laughed Jack. '

“I’m not likely to have a second one of the '3
kind. Hodges, if he escaped from the detective, 
won’t be such a fool as to assume the same dis- 
guise twice.” ‘ p;

“I shouldn’t think he would,” said Jack. “If I 
were in his shoes I’d let you alone after this. An- 3
other shy at you is likely to land him in jail...
anyway.” _ ’_
p The evening papers contained only a brief ac-
count of the Broad Street incident. No names‘
were mentioned, and it was stated that both ras-
cals made their escape. Next day Tom entered-a
small underground restaurant on Beaver Street
for his lunch. Broker Howard had recommended
him to try it. There were tables in the center of
the lace like an restaurant, but the sides" were-'
divi ed into smal compartments capable of 
commodating four ersons each. Tom preferred
to eat by himself w en he could, so he ' icked out.
the last compartment on one side an gave this
order to a waiter. In a little while the waiter
set the dishes before him, and ‘he proceeded to get
away with an excellent steak,’a plate of fnedgtl’
£9tat0eS, and a cup of coifee.. In the midst 

is] meal two men entered the compartment next’
to iim. - , I "

“Say,_ Jones,” said one, “we ;ought to m/a'k'e‘7Il“
good thing out of the tip we got an the.-Tecumseh’
mine. Its selling today for 9 and 10 cents’ a
share, the price of _a prospect, whereas, 'acc<_!:I',d_-,_
mg to ourinformation, it’s going to turn out 

. - ,

 

    
   
 
  

 ‘ » “Nothing surer, Bill.

, in Wall Street now.

 oiﬁces.

an envelope.

V A‘ —BOY.'~(iFi ins CURB7.

‘the biggest reducers o,f'N’evada.. The rnbment

, the~news of t e discoveryof the lode gets out,‘

‘and that willbe next week, the price will jump
right away to a dollar.”
We must start right in
after lunch and begin buying all the stock we
;can‘ ﬁnd around these diggings. Dave says 100,-
000 shares of the treasury stock were sold right
here in Wall Street.” ~ ‘
" “That’s quite probable, but all that stock isn't
It must be scattered around
"among a lot of people. However, there may be
ﬁfty or_ sixty thousand shares in the brokers’
At any rate, I’ve got a listhere of
‘brokers who have some of it, and we’ll call around
" this afternoon and buy what they have got at
‘the, present market price. For every 10 cents we
‘invest I~expect,we will reap two or three dollars.”

«V, The man who had the list of brokers who had

' the stock on hand read ,out the names to his com- ’

panion, and Tom put them down on the back of
' Finishing his meal in a hurry, he
left’ the restaurant, and, going to his safe de-
posit‘ box, got out a bunch of money. Then he

 "started out to buy Tecumseh. He went to every

xbroker on,the list he had secured and purchased
from 1,000 to 5,000 shares from each. From the

seven brokers he bought altogether 22,000 shares,

paying 10 cents" a share for it, or.$2,200.

'After that he went down on the Curb and

' He s ent another

, but wasn't

Jersey City broker had 3,000 shares, and next
mprning he went over and got it. He had now
40,000_shares in his possession that had cost him
$4,000. . 
."f‘I guess that’s enough. If it goes up .to a dol-
r.a share I’ll make $36,000. “If it goes higher
my proﬁts will be so much more,” said Tom to
himself. . ’ ' —
_ About this time he learned that .a certain rail-
road stock named L. & M. was being cornered by

 Q. clique that intended to boom it and make a big

take-in. He went around to the little bank‘ on
Nassau Street, put up $15,000 and ordered 1,500
shares‘ bought .for his account. The stock was
bought at 80, and the bank notiﬁed him that they
M;ere.holding it. subject "to his order. ‘ The mar-
ket value of his 1,500-shares of L. & M. was
$120,000. Deducting the $15,000 he had to put
ju'p.,vhe was up against an interestcharge on $105,-
000, which was quite an item, and would have to
come out of his proﬁts, presuming, of course, that
the price went up, as he looked for. A week
assed. L. & M. had gone up a little at a time to
3,. but he saw nothing in the ﬁnancial papers to

ow that any discovery of ore had been made in
€£he»Tecumseh mine. In fact, the price or that

. stock fell away to 8 cents a share, which repre-

serited‘ a loss of $800 to’ Tom. On the morning
at the tenth day from.-the time Tom bought his
“Tecumseh shares the_ news came from Goldﬁcld
that a very rich lode had been found in the-mine.
-The stock jumped at once to 25 cents a share on
‘Eh,e>G‘oldﬁeld Exchange, and the same was offered
‘ the Curb V

’ respiexchanged hands at that rate. At .the.saine,
  &‘»M‘. began to boom on the Stock Ex-
engage. At the end, of the week Tecumseh had
.. :e""1‘1p§‘lé§‘.‘6Q/cVe1"1l}Sy_3 share, and L.,& M. was sell-

iz . ‘ ‘ ‘

Atjeleven cfclock Saturday morning

,.

‘indoors. ‘ .

__ roads were ﬁlled with drifts.

-room was placed at his disposal.

for it, but only a small quantity of _

Tom sold his railroad shares for 97 3-8, and m

a proﬁt of $25,000 over all expenses. That ma

him worth $48,000 in cash, while he had the 49

000 Tecumseh shares, market value $24,000, 1 V

gagebo Altogether he might be said to be 
7 , o. , »

CHAPTER XIV.-—-The
I No

tsecret of the Treasuzv,
e. 7 -  =_,

With nearly $50,000 cash in his safe de osi-tfb
and a bunch of stock in his safe that won sp:-aha
bly be worth as much more, Tom felt’ pretty ~i'iid

pendent. He had got into the habit of callmgio
R0 ‘i

Beryl once a week now, going over to the

‘son farm to sleep when Jack went home h'im“s’e_l

or else taking a late train for New York. Th

-Sunday visits to the girl of his heart, for ,he,m,_I
-Beryl had made up their minds that _theyj_w

intended for each other, were the .particulai§i3?
bright spots in his life.~ They walked 6r"1""'

around the country when the weather was tile

ant, and when it wasn't they amused theinsei
Nothing short of a heavy snowstorm couidh

kept Tom away from the Hunter farm onva Sun

day, and Beryl, therefore, always expected 11

Some weeks passed away, and though .'l"ecu1n2s“eh,

had gone up to $1.25 a share, Tom” still held 
it, for he believed it would go still higher. :39
could now say with truth that he was worth $100

000, and so the Hunters “regarded him as anel ‘
gant catch for their adopted daughter. Up=to"tliis

‘time nothing more had been heard of Hodges

his pal, Jones, nor of Mother Jinks, either./i.,‘
was a Sunday evening in February, and Tom was
at the Hunter farm, as usual. He had.comeC.-1;
early in the morning, but about noon as has-'
snowstorm had set in, and had continued. till‘
Mr. Hunter told Tom he’d have to stay all night;
as it was next to impossible to drive liir'n_:t_o;i5hE
staion at Mamaroneck, and it was aV~-trip_' ,th
farni_er didn't care to undertake, a.iiyway~,Q“bhat
night. Tom‘ was willing to stay, andjtlic s f _-,e
He ‘and Bi
weresitting together at the table in tlie~.inidd_l 
the room talking softnonsense. Seeing her 12. U
ing unconsciously with the locket which an
about her neck recalled to Tom’s mind the on
dollar treasury note, he had found in it, andl
asked her where she kept it. . " 
“In a small box in the bureau where I keep

 particular treasures.”

3 ‘(:1li)l§)cKlO;.1 keep my letters there?” he 
“Of course I do,” she answered with ‘a 11-’
blush. ’ _  ‘
“To return to the treasury note. Do youkp
it has alwa_ s been a mystery to me whether I
father put that note there to disappoint his
cally brother, or whether he had some othigr
ject-in concealing it in the locket,” said’!-.
“I think he put it there because it was tli

‘new_bill he had at the time,” she said, “an

didn't put a larger one in it because '1 we
young thenthat he thought somebody other
myself. might open the locket and tal;e_it.?"
“No,” said Tom, shaking his head,’ ‘.‘hg
.69

think so‘. ‘ That locket. is. too‘ . dijﬂicult ;

a. perscill to get intd it without,

    

A’ BOY or

‘trouble, unless they knew the knack, and I dare
- .. say only your father had that down ﬁne. Go and
e -- ' get the note and let me look at it.”
’ Beryl ran up to her room and brought it down.
1, Tom had got an idea that maybe Beryl’s father
‘ i had made some marks on it referring to the mine
which had escaped his eye when he examined it
that afternoon in Hiram Hodges’, oﬁice. So he
looked the treasury note over very careﬁilly to see
{i if he could ﬁnd any, but he couldn’t, not even when
"he held the note up between him and the lamp.
Beryl took it upand tried to see if she could ﬁnd
tan ' herself after Tom explained what he was
E y ‘r. .. he, too, held it up between her eyes and
-the lam , holding it quite close to the hot chimney.
Sudden y a most astonishing thing happened. On
*8 one.-dollar treasury note there are two white
blank spaces about an inch and a half s uare in
the midst of the green design printed on t e back.
As Beryl held the note close to the lamp chimney
‘ letters egan to form as if by some magical
process in those aces. _
‘ . “Look, Tom, loo l” she exclaimed. “I see wntr
. _.i coming out on the, note.” _ /
 t wasn t necessary to call his attentnon to the
fact, for he was already staring. at the transfor-
mation that was taking place before his eyes. He
snatched the note from her ﬁngers at length, and
 eagerly conned the mysterious words. This is
 ,what he read: - ’

""1‘o ﬁnd the hidden vein of ore, which I leave
as a legacy to my daughter Nellie, follow. the tun-
nel straight 116 ft. to second oﬂshoot. Thence 19
ft. to cross on face of tunnel,“ Measure of 68 ft.
ﬂdiag. to dead wall. Dig and vein will be found at
depth of 10 ft angle of 45 dzﬁrees.

, ’ ‘ ay 5, 189-.”

. t
‘lticnsan Honors,

T. “What does it say?” asked Beryl eagerly, look-
 over his shoulder.

 ‘It's the secret of the lost lode, Bery ,” replied
Tom, in a voice that trembled with excitement.
‘ilt tells where a rich vein of silver lies in your,
mine. You'll be rich after all. _ The Red Jacket is
not a dead and worthless mine as the mining
world supposes, but a valuable piece of property,
maybe worth a million or more.
B “Let me read the secret for myself i” cried the
girl eagerly. . .

Tom picked up the note, whichhe had laid down,
and handed it to her. When ‘she looked at the
white spaces she could see nothing. The secret of
the mine had vanished as mysteriously as it had
‘appeared. _ . _ H
_ _  -,‘Tom, Tom, there is no writing there nowi
its/~'~ she cried. “It is gone-gone!”

“Gonel” exclaimed the b0Y- "HOW Could that
17
b,°l?:Ie I€:i1);i{nl]3le1es:l?).l3e and looked. Beryl had spoken
’ ' ’tnilv—'-the writing‘ had disappeared, and the white
 ‘ ' k.

”i3_d3:od”:rea§§a1ii§5i1iebiicréiaimed. “What kind of
i , ma" ic is this?” ' ‘c , _ _

“€ know! I know!” she exclaimed, seizing the
note alndtlaolding it close to the lamp. :
« .. o ”

 “‘SW'é;ya see?ly°'l1‘henwvi:iting is coming back!” she
. i ted to .

' .~"giei:ii:d1i?ritni:an’tl” liiaeadmitted. as he watched
 letters and- words come out again in the white
 ces. “What makes_»it?" ‘ _ \
you dear.) silly boy. the Writing W88

 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
 
 
  
   
   
     

24 

     

THE CURB

 

made with sympathetic ink, which only becomes ii

visible under heat.”

Beryl herself had discovered the secretof the
treasury note, and thus won a fortune. A week
later, Tom and Mr. Hunter, with Beryl, started
West for Paradise, Nevada, to establish the girl's
ri ht to the Red Ja_.cket'mine. Richard Hodges’
wi l was found, which disclosed the fact that his
daughter’s name was Nellie, and under that name
Mr. Hunter and Tom proceeded to prove Beryl’:
identity. After a great deal of trouble and legal
plroceedings, the court ﬁnally accepted Beryl

unter, adopted daughter of John Hunter, of
Westchester, N. Y., as Nellie Hodges, the dau h-
ter and heir of Richard Hodges, deceased. 1'.
Hunter easily had Hiram Hodges’ ardianship
set _aside on showing that the said iram was a
fugitive from justices, and got himself appointed
instead. _‘
_D_uring the time Tom was out West, Tecumseh
mining stock advanced to $2 a share, and at that
ﬁgure the boy sold his 40,000 shares, which raised‘
his capital to the sum of $125,000. He and Mr.
Hunter set to work in the mine, and by the aid
of the secret of the treasury note they unearthed
the lost lode, which proved to be of uncommon

:

1

:3;

richness. Experts were called on to appraise the " D

mine, as several capitalists had made an offer to‘

purchase it outright. After some haggling over, ~ ‘

terms, Mr. Hunter, as Beryl’s guardian, sold the
property for $900,000, brought the money East,

and invested it in gilt—edge securities, which Tomi‘.

purchased and was paid the usual commission, for
the beneﬁt of his adopted daughter. A couple of
‘years later, when Tom had become a full-ﬂedged

Curb broker, he and Nellie Hodges. otherwise. ’

Beryl Hunter, were married at the Hunter
in Westchester.

homo »

While on their honeymoon, Tom read in a paper 

that Hiram Hodges had been killed out West by I
railroad train, and the news was somethin of I
satisfaction to him, for he had always fear
his youn wife's uncle would wind uﬁ in the State
prison, w ich would have cast the s

arrested in Chicago for thieving, and sent to the

State prison for a considerable term. And now, 5'

reader, having said all we have to say about the‘
hero of this story, we will drop the curtain on the
Boy ‘of the Curb. ’ ’

Next week’s issue will contain “FROM FOUN-
DRY BOY T0 STEEL PRINCE° OR, THE RISI
OF A YOUNG BRIDGE BUILDER.”

Be A Detective 07,,

Make Secret Investigations
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.
Fascinating work. Excellent oyortun
aity. ' Experience unnecessary. artic-
Ilars free. Write:

GEORGE R. WAGNER

Detective Training Department. ,-
2l90 Broadway, New York

 

I. .i’~: r

that 

adow of, dine’ ‘
grace over her family. Tom never heard what 190-’ .
came of Jones and Mother Jinks, but for the en-gt 
lightenment of the reader we will say both wen ’

 
 

r"“

   
   
    
    

   
     
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
     
    
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  

. MONARCH No. 4

The Boy Firemen of Fairdale

By Gaston Game

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XXII
A Thrilling Revelation

V Weeks passed, and nothing was seen of him. In
he meantime detectives had been_a.t work under
he direction of the citizen’s committee.

The result of their efforts was not yet known,
1 but David Gordon, who was now the leader of the
’o1;I)‘1iii3isitiun against Dugdale, wore a conﬁdent
V e. ~:
5.111 the meantime the town had been almost im-
. mune from ﬁres. Will Norton had been regular at

his duties. _ ‘

g No word had yet been received from Wesley
I--'Wad‘e. What success the Californian had met with
' -at Red Creek was not known.

August Dugdale was now able to get out once
I-‘more. He did not appear on the street save in
_h. . . '

”:,1§3(:§,rz;::vg‘vethe force of his threats began to be.
vfeltu The reduction of the capital of the great
‘machine shops turned hundreds out of employ-
mentva/nd threatened the existence of the concern.

The withdrawal of heavy deposits from the local
" banks "was absad blow. A hundred various enter-
es in which the millionaire was concerned be-
Vvgan to shrink. and this injured the trade of the
” Ierchants. The result was distinctly appreciable.
 A reduction in the working force of the town
was instantly made necessary. The working peo-
ple out of employment had no money to spend.
The tradesmen could not sell _their goods.

’ The streets were ﬁlled with the unemployed.
Small ‘business failures resulted, and, in fact, mat-
ters began to look desperate.

The trains carried many away from the town to
find employment elsewhere. Fairdale was having
a) %?.1°‘;§§§’§’.5:.‘;°i'o sign of yielding on the part of
he citizen’s committee. They were determined
9g§1ilii=.t:€i.tér hand, l)ugdale was equally as de-
'§-mined.‘ He had agents employed in bringing
éssues constantly designed to cripple the business
‘nt’.§l1i:S§£ecejlii:ihge\Ixiiiasc(:ier3' bitter. .In fact, the mil-
 ifound himself arrayed against the town.
e2_,'5,;i5e1y kept in his palatialhome and so avoided
e_ ossibility of violence. .

ill Norton was perhapil one of the most; 
gate’ ' t .- very evening a »

‘sjxgtid digcigsioguvfginﬁeid with Nellie and Mrs.
wgde “'3 rs, Norton, all deeply interested. .

"‘.‘I have opes that papa will retui‘-‘n from the
31,31; ‘with good news,” said Nellie. I feel sure.

in he, will find a way to. defeat Dugdales dark‘

  

.2
65
K9

   

  

  

  
 

  
  

1fleS«

   
 

   mp Fonruns WEEKLY‘

‘I hope to discredit Cliﬂ"ord’s.

_NeAll-ie and Mrs. )Wade, in ‘th

    

   

But as the days went by things be 11 to grow
worse in Fairdale. Even the genera depression ‘-
began to affect theboys of Monarch No. 4. ’ 

Thus matters were when one day what was a 4.7
ray of sunshine ﬂashed in upon the gloom of the
Norton cottage. This was in the shape of a letter.

It was directed to Will and was from Mr. Wade.
Thus it read: ,  

“My Dear Young Friend——No doubt you are all '
wondering what has become of me. But I have I
heard all about aifairs in Fairdale, and. I‘ think 3;,
that August Dugdale has entered upon the finish‘ 
of his career. I have been very_ busy since ‘ar- 
riving in Red Creek. I have unearthed all the pos-.~ 
sible evidence regarding the validity of Preston's "
claim to the Red Creek mines. I am positive was”

  
 

usurped by Dugdale. can be proved———”

_ Will sprang up with a whoop and danced around _
like a wild Indian.. The others regarded him with V’\/ 3
amazement. 7 p ,

“Qh, mother, rnothe'r!f' he cried, “just read that! . -
He is positive out title can be proved.”  _  
Mrs. Norton adjusted her specs, but before she
could read Will went on with the letter aloud; , "

' “I am warranted in this belief by the discovery ’ ”
that Wilson Carr, the witness to the deed which  ’
was lost, with burdened records of Red Creek; 
County, is alive and in the mountains forty miles _ r
above here. I am going to bring him back to
Fairdale with me to face Dugdale. We will beat,
the old scoundrel yet. In regard to my interests, » 5.
I have not.yet been able-to establish my title. But.
I hope that Clifford
and his gang are yet somewhere about Fairdalle‘.
No doubt they mean to extort ‘more mane’ from
Dugdale. Give my love to mother and Nel ie. ’
Your friend,

  

  
 
  
  

"Wesley Wade." I

This letter was like a ray of hope to all in the ~‘
Norton cottage. Will Norton was wildly hopeful
and happy. ..

That was a joyful hour for them all. Will went
back to the engine, house to hisduties with a
happy heart. ‘

He could not resist the impulse to tell J
Craven. The genial assistant foreman listen, .
with interest and then said: 9

“I am glad for you, Will.
heard the news?”

“What news?” ' ' >  ~ ,

“Police Captain Daly passed here a few mo-~-f
ments ago and said that Clifford had been can t _
at Dug Creek, ﬁfty miles above here, and tiat f
deputies were on their way down here with him.’.’ 1.

Will was thrilled. ,- V‘ V

“Clifford caught!” he exclaimed. “How will
Dugdale aid him to escape this time? Well, this
is a turning of tables!" ‘ I 

“Yes,” said Craven, “and what will happen it
Clifford chooses ‘to confess and implicates Dug.-
dale’ in that big ﬁre '7” i * ‘,1

For a moment the young ﬁreman al1nost_fe_lt,
chord of sympathy for the epileptic and scheming.
millionaire, against whom the tide seemed nowto.
be so strongly setting. But when he thought 
his father's wrongs his heart hardened. “  ' ,

Will hurried home that evening‘ ‘to carry, 
freshvbit of news. He ‘found his mother,',''
e sitting-mom

 

But haven’t you

    
  
   
        
    
  

    
       
       
   
          
   

       
  
        

  

*  FAME» AND-‘viyroifirruigis  s .

 
 
  

They listened with interest to the news of Clif— Curious emotions surged over Will Norton‘ as he
_‘_"3- arrest. But a greater surprise was nin took‘ in the shene. ~ . . , l ,  V
re forthem. Surely fate was turning its hard handiagainst

Mrs. Norton had a heap of Will’s clothing _be- August Dug_da1e. With his loss of popularity, the.
ide her which she was overhauling and mending. proof of his _ rascality unearthed, his physical
While looking over one of his red ﬁreman’s shirts V health a wreck, and his mansion in ﬂames, h
she gave a sharp cry: _ ' ,, seemed the victim of a judgment. f.
f‘Will, here is something in the pocket of your When Monarch No. 4, panting With the long’
ﬁ1_'eman’s shirt. What_is it?” . run, turned into the broad driveway, Will Norton
,i?fEh?” exclaimed Will. Then a swift and star?» saw a group of servants and bystanders on the ;.
reco1le(<1:tion’caIri;1e (l120fl'Lll‘1'l.tt 11 b t t} at lawn. _ ‘. 
" 3' 80° nes5' 3 . °rg° 9“ 3 3' °“ 1 - Some of the furniture had been dra ‘ e out of ~’..
Iris '3 P3991: I fmmd .1“ the ﬁre at th? Carter the lower rooms. But none seemed toggage cour |
House. I noticed that it bore my father 5 name. age to go back into the house. .4
fonndvit In a-Tats’ nest in the Wan-” . _ As the ﬁremen now appeared, one of the serv-
HMTS-, Norton had 8‘1‘_0WT1 Suddellly Whites She ants came rushing up to Wil. . ' -'
held_ the document, soiled and ni1ce—n1bbled, up He was ghostly p_.,,1e_ 3 .

flew. L _ , , _ “The master is helpless in his bed in the second’
~ 0.11 found thls In 3 Tats nest 1“ the Wan 01: story!” he ‘cried. “We couldn’t get up the stairs to»
he Carter House?” she asked. . help him.” -

“Yes”, replied Wm‘ Horror ﬁlled the soul of Will.Norton. I A

f‘Well,” cried Mrs. Norton, with shaking tones; “Mn Dugdale is up there ?,, he asked. »

‘ill Norton, you don’ttrealize what; this (means. “Yes ,, I
Ptrovidcnce'has come to_ less us wi I is 1scov- W.n‘t d t .1, th h k_ d 1 id » . ’ 3
 for  any   the rrussmwesi of the i...  .1 52:.‘  %‘i..a§.....?; 
Red ”Creek mine which your father lost years however, did not Wait _ .
3.8‘-W’ l ’ . . . ‘ ‘ - .
‘ 15'‘ N°rt”“’S Volce’ hlghintched and stmng ‘I-iiiutgudfiidi:°hgi£ieg3i‘:sriai3§tii:§gi' I am going-I
to get him!” ‘ ‘ ‘ "

through the room. , Nellie and Mrs. Wade started I
“You?” cried Craven. “What are you thinkiné‘
of? He is your enemy ” V =

  

      
    
          
   

  

      
    
    

  

    
      
      
  

   

   
         
       
     
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
     
   

 
  
 

     
   
 
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
  

-.1
1n

 

unas if electrified. As for Will, he stood like one
“?l€Id1l:jf1am;’ lit "a h i 1 d ' h J
‘ e r . , . . . . ‘
‘ ros:i)‘hiesrl)roW?. Edd rouorairirsanythatalyylng a an t“It8.(l1{0rl£ care!” ‘med Wm‘ “It 15 3' human hf‘. 1
“: ~ ‘t .1: th aS.e- .. . .0
...i¥:‘“i¥i.W.:;‘;.2£.‘ ;.*’;i.i:i..§. 32:3’ ..e.::i::: without a   Wlllsan arm
‘ids. Rats stole that paper from your fathei"s Ehed‘.".’m§r ‘elf; the h°“5e' hHe Saw 3 5t1'1P‘°f 19-‘W09
.. .--- __ A1 1. I’ t eaingo erearporc_. _ ‘_ 
ag-giiland hid It m the Wang t as ’ my son 9' Flames_were Just beginning to lick this. He.
_' sobbing with Wildest joy, Mrs. Norton ﬂung saw that if he went up he must come down some
“herself into Wi1l’s arms. It was a, dramatic mo- “her W33‘ _ _ j V ;
merit and one which Will Norton never forgot. . But he did mt heS1tate- Up the lathe? he went?
But while he ‘was striving to _realize it all a llke a monkey. When he reached the cop1ng‘.a:b.ov
startling sound smote upon the night air outside. he paused 3- moment-

‘ Clangl clangg Clang! Smoke was issuing from the eaves of the house;
‘Fire: Fire!" , ‘ ' showing that ﬁre was in the partitions. He was";
~ . v . ~ 1‘lSl(ll‘|g‘ death to enter the house. V . ; ’
. \ ‘But he pulled oft: his helmet and smashed: th
CHAPTER XXIII. window—sash with it. Then he dove headﬁrst-in

, _ _ , « to the blackness beyond. 
_ The Tummg‘ °£1he Tlde Kneeling and drawing his sleeve across.“ ‘
Duty was ever paramount in - will Nortonvs mouth, Will made his way to the other end 

reast. In spite of the sudden revelation of for- 1'00m- The Sm°ke ‘K35 °.‘’e1'1'’°We1'mg- ' ', ,
a lie which had burst upon him, he could not stay But’ as luck had. ‘tr he f°““d the d°°"- The 319317
‘discuss it. He gently disengaged himself from. moment he Wa_S In ‘the “PP” 17,311-_ And 3.9;
1.5 gmothervs embrace and Said, reached this point he heard a voice in abject;-'t
f.;.“I must go! Fortune is with us, mother. I_’1l be ‘ T0“ _ ‘ v‘
" qr ' “Oh, save me! _For the love of heaven, save me
"Will was one of the ﬁrst at flhelengine-house. ](3J:)>Iv:’;c1rletaﬁrifo (11:13 this \}a1vay'!!”W'he1'¢ ‘are 37°
’ -- ' _ ' ts ve me ere .. ..
1" “ 3”” -the b°yS were at, t 8 me’ and “°°“i 1 Will ﬁrortgn dgisheddacrfss ihhe i%s1i.a:tiii,i::Itro 1.1;
h d th 11 h "1 ‘ - ﬂ th arge c aiii er eyon . n t e eegan Iy ageﬁ...
iexiiniﬁi xivm iqéiéon 3&2 siiiiitii wlieﬁvﬁi Sav: bed. the light of the ﬂames. he saw August 1?.
here the fire was. _ _ dale‘ .- . _ , , . 1‘
That part of the town known as the residence ’ The ’,m111°n3_J73_0 S f3-‘=9 W3$.£»'h35t1¥ W1th«fe31_'~'.,H ‘
ction 11 on a small hill. Here, at a. point over- W35 Va1_T11Y Stltlvlng to 8'9‘? .°“t_°f his bed: butrth
making t e city, August Dugdale had built his paralysis of his disease held him; ‘ W , '
n;mns5On_ V His gaze became ﬁxed upon Will, atnldhe‘-ce
“ It was a palatial‘ one,‘ and ﬁtted with all the to Stmgglev The t°“'°r 1“ ms eYe5~m°re359.
aostlyv-furnishings that money could‘ procure. “YOU!” he”8‘9-SP€d- “YQU here? YOU: have
’ the windows oﬁtliis mansion the ﬂames were f°" revmgei ,. — , _. ,2. 2‘ ' ‘
"  -V — - s l ; (To bexo0,"t"W9d‘-)

 9»  I J‘

 

      
 
 
  
   
     
  

 

     
  
 
    
  

  
       
   
     
    
  

  
  

   
    
 

 

u \‘~::’

 
    
 

   
  
  
    
  
 
  
  
    
 
 
   
 
   
  
  

I

17A‘V1|\MEl/AND F

   ram. and Foam... weary
=:hL NEW YORK, JUNE 10, 15227
TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

. . .Postage Free

it cant:

 2.00

One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . .. " “ 4.00
Canada. $4.50; Foreign, $5.00

1 ‘HOW TO SEND MONEY—At our rislr send P. 0.
‘ Money 0 der, Check or Registered Letter: remittances
' in any 0 her way are at your risk. We aoce t Postage
V Stamps the same as cash. When sending a lver wrap
A the Loin in a se ante piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.
Ad gets to

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
' 140 Cedar Street, New York City.

FRED KNIGHT, Pres. and Trees.
‘ B. W. MARE. Vice-Pres. and Sec.

EVINTERESTING ARTICLES

KING DISLIKES ANY “BOB” _
Shingled tails and shingled headsare in the
same class with King George. He doesn’t like
horses with bobbed tails any better than he likes
short-haired women, and he has been very frank
‘in.’ saying so at recent horse shows.

 

 

l y 000

I A $250,000 smile adorns the face_of Fay Marbe,
an American actress now playing in London. _In
“hat is believed to be the ﬁrst transaction of its

mount with a British company.

The policy provides that the insurance shall be
«collectible if at any time within the next ten years
4?? smile‘ loses its charm because of accident or
ness._. The amount of the premium was not dis-

,
..

  

   
  
  
    
  
   

DUCHESS VIEWS HABITS OF EAGLES
7 ., FROM ' PLANE

f‘f'rhe way of an eagle" hasrecently been inves-
tigated first hand by the Duchess of Bedford who
 been utilizing a light airplane to fly over the
Siianish mountains studying birds and their
habits. . .
~ Although cases are frequently recorded of

angles attacking planes the titled naturalist c_ar-
 out her experiments without any alarming
pcidents.
, I ,.

L.

 

EE SUN BATH ALLOWED BY PER—-

 . MEABLE CLOTHING

’ treatment will be resently available,
‘gtlsxililliflgrtiﬁciallv and inexpeliisively, but will be
‘safer all if the claim put forth by Professor 
 roves justiﬁed. This British scientist
I .. to ave devised a inethod by which ‘clothing
iylthout change of appearance or dl1I‘abll1tY be-
‘_ es permeable to ultra violet rays,
GI es’ from the treated material would mean
' . for all men and women, the scientists de-
.' His claimed discovery of a free sun bath
trnentewhile you walk was _made, by chance
they purse of an X-ray experiment.

  

  

  
  
     
  

   

 

HORTUNHE WEEKLY"

. banknotes, practically \VEl1l8leSS as exchange, but, 1 ‘I

MILE or U. S...ACTRESS INSURED FORD
e ’ s 25 I

ind, the actress has insured her smile for this

   
 

       
 

27.
’ .\...
LONDON BANK TREASURES OLD TYPE‘?

POUND NOTES ~
Many London banks possess collections of old

 

much sought after by collectors. A "  A V

The ﬁnest examples of old En lisli notes are to 
be seen at the Institute of Ban ers, in Bishops-
gate, London, which contains thousands of notes ~
issued during the last two centuries. ‘

In this collection are examples from the origi-‘
nal Bank of England £1 and £5 issues, a Bank of
Scotland note dated 1731 for £12 Scots (£2 ster- ~»
ling), a note for 13 pence Irish (1 shilling ster— ..
ling), which was issued in 1804 by a Cork grocer,
Dennis O’Flynn, and a £5 note issued by the Con-
poration of Liverpool in 1794. * I ~

Other curiosities are notes for 5 shillings and 2 . T,
shillings and 6 pence issued by the Birmingham 7
poorhouse and others, issued by a Wednesbury
manufacturer, redeemable in pounds of rod iron.

LAUGHS.

~ TRY AND DO IT! ' = '
When in Rome, do as Mussolini does.——Lafa-
yette Lyre.

COULDN'T BE A CRAZE .
Winks-—-“Your friend Jones is one of the finest .’
pianists I ever heard. Whyrdon’t he go on the . ,
stage?" * , '
, Minks---‘‘Wouldn't pay. His name is too easy I
to pronounce." « 

A DELIGHTFUL EFFECT =
Artist—“Those evergreen on the north side of ’
your house have a delightful effect." . I ~
Farmer——-“I should say they had. Them trees I
keep off the wind and save ’bout\eight dollars’ ‘
worth 0’ ﬁrewood every winter.” , ’ ’

BOUDOIR GENERALSHIP
Jane—-“That Mr. Shallopate is at the
Shall I tell him on are engaged?” 
Miss Pinkle—“ how him into the parlor, J aue.”
‘‘Yes’m.’' \ . 7 »9
“And, Jane, after he lays his box of candy on f 7:;
the mantel, tell him‘ I am out.”

 

 
 

‘*.~

 

 

 

 

door;

 

 

HE PASTED HER ONE ' 
“My husband examined many diamonds before i ‘
buying this one for me, and he says it's the ,
ﬂower oi’ them all.” _ ‘ ' I
“You mean flowr.”
t’s taste.”
‘E ——Cincinnati Cynic.

  
   
       
       
 

SPLITTING UP THE FAMILY I *

“They say Professor Rhetoric’s children speak
perfect English.” .
“Absolutely. They’re all chips off the old ins-"

ﬁnitive.” ~ , -
—Nebraska Awgwai1.. 

 
       
  

NQT SUFFICIENT FUND . . 
Monty: Did you hear how a child of six bro
the bank last.‘ night?  I I ‘ ‘
Carlo: No. How? . ’ ‘ 1
Monty: »Pounded it with a hammertill all
nennies fell out.  I .-'-—Vassar Vagabgn

  

 

  

   
     
  
 
 
   
  
   
    
    
    
    
  
   
     

: The I Story of  Ambuscade

; «Were you ever in a ﬁght with Apache Indians?
..Ivwas in one, and do not in the slightest degree
rave for a repetition of the experience.
' i It took place in August, 1881, when Nana with
' his band of Mescalero Apaches were raidin and
:des,olating_Grant, Dona and Socorro counties in
j New Mexico.
." , Before this event the people had enjoyed a few
-months respite from the ravages of the old chief
'YiC't0'l'l0, whom the alleged bad faith of the gov-
’’ernment had driven on the war-path.
— For two years and a half Victorio had set Colo-

nel‘ ‘Hatch and ‘his colored Ninth cavalry at de-
1 ﬁance, and civilization and progress were arrested
—by~the scalping knife of the savage chief.
' In that period four hundred men, women and
hildren were tortured, outraged and murdered
“i with that ﬁendish criielt which stamps the
Apache as the most ruth ess and merciless of
American Indians. 7
. “In an evil day for himself, but a happy one for
~ “New Mexico, Victorio ventured to cross the Mex-
canborder into the State of Chihuahua.
"This Mexican State had no maudlin sympathy
or incarnate ﬁends such as -the Apaches.

_ It "puts a price upon an Indian's scalp the same
.as, upon. that of a wolf, and sufficient y large to
urge its soldiers to the greatest activity. .
-'.It was to the Mexicans under General Luis»Ter-
assas that the Territory of New Mexico owed
ts’ temporary relief from the raids of the
aches. ,

e surprised Victorio and his band in the Cos-

illos Mountains about eighty-ﬁve miles south-
west of El Paso, killed most of the braves, in-
‘ ding Victorio, and took forty-four squaws and
L mildren prisoners.
, ?,‘,'Unfortunately, Nana, Victorio’s lieutenant, and
' about’ twenty‘. braves made their escape.
_‘ hey were joined by a number of renegades
’ from the Mescalero Apache agency, and, with the
njdvent ‘of the rainy season, which begins in July
azrdends with September, another Indian war was
naugurated. ‘
Nana was a younger and more active man than
Victoria, and the rapidity of his movements para-
yzed the troops. _
‘L A splendid Indian, he stood ﬁve feet and eight
ncheslin height, well set, wiry, and noted in the
ribe as a very ﬂeet runner. _ ,, ,.
He could out-travel a horse, and keep. it for
days together. ' ‘ ‘_* .
.l’His daring raids in two months established a
eign of terror throughrout New Mexico.
.{’The trains on the Southern Paciﬁc were guard-
ed. by»l:roops, stages ceased to run, freigliting was
topped, and towns were as thoroughly cut off
-rom suppléss as though they were undergoing‘ a
egular siege.

 

  

         
    

   
   

  

       
  
        
    
     

  

  

  
  

  
   
 
  

   
  
 
    
    
 

the common necessities of life reached famine
r*iees.,_ -V ' ‘ " .
p’ ~ 11 was the state of affairs when, on the’ eve-
‘of; August .18, the little command of twenty
‘ _ _th,e~Ni'nth Cavalry, with which .I ‘had
rv siwac 'vohtn’ceer,

     

 Ann cronrimn 'iWEEKLY' T A

stockman named Brockman. - \

_they again halted and waited for the main’ bpd”

For .weeks in Silver City, the seat of Grant I
unty, the bakers baked bread but once a week,‘

 rode ‘into the

    
  
  
    
  
 
   
  

mining camp of Lake Valley to restefor a _fe
hours before taking up the trailof the wily N aria.
Lieutenant George W. Smith, _a veteran ofth
civil war, and as gallant a soldier as ever drew
saber, was in command. > f.,{;‘
_ There was a very bad feeling existing at~the ~
time between the citizens and the troops. ~ » '
The latter were denounced as _worse than use-"
less, as not caring to ﬁght the Indians, and as ‘hav-
ing we1l_earned the sobriquet of “Buffalo” sol-‘_
diers, which old Victorio had bestowed upon them
in deriison of their futile attempts to vanquish
im. p
.Among_ the men around Lake Valley who shared
this sentiment to an absurd degree ‘was George
Daly, superintendent of the Lake Valley mines,
an old Californian and Colorado miner, and‘ a
man of themost desperate courage. , ‘
‘During the rest at Lake Valley D-aly taunted.
Lieutenant Smith for not pressing the Apaches‘,
strongly. ‘ *  ~
Smith explained that he had but twenty merr
while the Indians had fully three times‘ that numﬁ
her, but he added that if Daly was so anxiousto 
show what he was made of he could raise a party
of citizens and come along himself. ,»  ;g
Daly accepted the challenge, and in a few hours’
had collected together and armed some twenty,
citizens, mostly miners, to accompany Lieutenant
Smith’s command. - —  
Da_ly’s men were not very well mounted, and’-
were mainly armed withthe old Winchester riﬂe
which carries only about three hundred yards. ~
The soldiers were armed with the regulatio
Springﬁeld carbine. ' A ; L,
It was not ,.untilvthe morning of the 19th,,'at
about-one o’clock, that the command’ left "Lake
Valley, citizens and soldiery. 
We had informatio that th I d’ ‘ J’
camped at. Borendo gprings, add élvemlxzldpedvel:-9"
come up with them before daylight. V f ’ \
’ About nine miles south we came upon the place
where the Indians had camped for the night, 
the trail at once grew hot. i ’ ~ .'
Everything showed that they had. only i_ji\.i‘5't-.-i
“struck” camp, and as the “sign” was plentyw ,.
had no trouble in fflighting it” almost at a gal.‘
op. ~ . I I
It led on to the mouth of the Gaballon Canyo
on the west slope of the Mimbres Mountain-spark
about eight miles/southwest of the ranch ofaj

 

  
 
      
 

      
     
  

  

   
     
    
    
       
      
 

   

 
  
 

    
    
      
   

Very soon after we entered the canyon/the*a¢$
vance guardof ﬁve men fell back and reperte
Indians ahead about a half mile off. , g p 

Lieutenant Smith ordered the guard to‘ may
on a short distance in advance, but tlie'y wer
evidently getting demoralized in the face df th
enemy, and we had gone but a little ‘way wh "

 
    
  
  
  
  

       
 
   
  

to come up.
The sergeant in charge said. that he wanted
ﬂankers to support him, and clearly did not re
gard with pleasure the post of honor he occu 
The lieutenant ordered him to again,advafn¢e
about four hundred yards, but the guard-yhaaingﬁ
gone ten yards when ﬁre was -opened on
party from both sides of the canyon. _  ’
Thelndians were. in‘ ambush,a1l;ar,o_un‘c1 ‘

Not a’:si"1igle‘ -’.’Apadh‘e "c'ould  ‘see

     
    

11

 
    
 

    

  
 

 ctusﬁbush and every boulder ‘seemed to vomit
" re. I .
:,Men dropped on every side before the unseen

enemy. . - -
, At the ﬁrst volley poor Smith was shot through

- the lower part of the body and fell from his horse.

 ’“Help me on my horse!” he cried to the ﬁrst
sergeant. The latter ran to his assistance and
placed him, in his saddle.

 “Dismount, boys, and take to the rocks for your

lives!” was his next command.
5 ‘It was immediately obeyed. _
-g, Every rock that a man could get cover behind
was occupied as fast as the men could hurl them-
selves from their saddles. ,

H Horses and "everything besides arms were aban-
doned. 1
35A I clambered behind the shelter of a huge
boulder on the south side of the canyon where_the
are seemed weakest I glanced below and saw Lieu-
‘tenant Smith and Daly, side by side, make a dash
down the canyon,_as though to ﬁght their way
through the howling Apaches, whose wild, tri-
umphant cries of “Hi Ki! Yo!” now ﬁlled the air.
They had both stood bythe challenge made at
Lake Valley, and had died as only brave men can

'.1e;.fW° soldier-s and one citien while making for
‘cQ.ve,r.were shot dead in their tracks.

‘ Two citizens escaped on horseback and brought
the news of the disaster to:Lake Valley.

The Indians now had it all their own way.

. I aving secured the government horses and the
ammunition and arms.of those killed, they made
» ']\"rely efforts to dislodge those living from the

/ver of the rocks. ‘ » I ‘ 3

The slightest exposure brought a leaden mes-
senger; yet we were compelled to expose our-
selves in order to watch that the red devils did not
steal upon us unawares. '

-.  had ' _

he morning until four in the afternoon,’had to
dure the most agonizing thirstﬁunder a lurid
ndsemi-tropical sky, a fate I _shared in common
”with nearly all of my companions.  V
' ‘ It was not until after four o’clock that the In-

‘ans left, just as reinforcements could be seen in

efar distance. ‘

=The' most horrible incident of the fight was to _

e compelled to witness the mutilation of our dead
inrades. ' V
 :—

BANK NOTES

#113‘ Bank of England note is about ﬁve by eight
nches in dimension, and is printed _in- black» ink,
‘ilrish linen, water-lined paper, plain white, and
"‘h.g‘ ‘d des.~ v _ f _ .
iTh:ai%i:s gt’ %he Banque de France are" made of

__  ite water-lined paper, printed in blue and

ek, with numerous mythological and allegorical
ctures
enty-franc note to the one—thousand franc.
South‘ American currency, in most countries, is

bout. the size and general appearance of United-

§tates .bi11s except that cinnamon brown, and
state blue are the prevailing colors, and the Span-

”, and: Portuguese are the prevailing languages V

ave[d' on. the face.’ .

he: "German cu rency is’ rather artisticﬂf

grail risntecl. ii eeniﬁaind blac _’_andHrun...m

lost my canteen, and from ten o’clock in_

and running in denomination from the‘

. 624. i_ . Th

denominations from ﬁve to one thousand marlis;
The latter bills are printed on silk ﬁbre‘paper.-‘w I

The Chinese paper currency is in red, and y ,
low paper, with_ gilt lettering and gorgeous little
handdrawn devices. The bills, to ‘the ordinary
ﬁnancier, might pass for washing bills, but they
3:; wvorth good money’ in the “Flowery King‘-

Italian notes are of all sizes, shapes and colors:

The -smaller bi1ls—ﬁve and ten—lire notes——are ;
printed on white paper in pink, blue and cannine .
inks, and ornamented with a ﬁnely engraved vig-

nette of King Humbert.
The one-hundred-rouble note of ~

large, finely executed vignette of the Empress
Catherine I. This is in black. Thevother engrav

' ing is not at all intricate or elaborate, but it,

well done in dark and light brown and black inksi
The Austrian note is printed on light-colored,
thick paper, which shows none of the silk ﬁbre
marks or geometrical lines used in ordinary pa/per
currency as a protection against counterfeiting
Each bears upon it a terrible warning to counter-
feiters, threatening imprisonment “to any 0 
who shall make, sell, or have in possession any
counterfeit or facsimile of this bill.” — ‘ -

 «—:

MORE AND PRETTIER BATHROOMS, SLO‘
GAN or THE HOME OWNER ‘ 

Our grandmothers and great-grandznothervs
suffered terrible handicaps in matters of \ho'ine
sanitation and hygiene because there were I
many subjects—and such vital ones-—-that “jus
weren’t nice to talk about.”
are rapidly learning that no subject is too deli-
cate or too intimate to discuss frankly, if it c
cei-ns the health of their families. One of tlfo
subjects is plumhino‘. 

Two great impro ments are being achievedin
modern homes,’ more athrooms and ‘more beau
ful bathrooms. A f’ il_v bath, built for utility
alone, was the old-fashioned idea, but nowad’a'y.'s
even -many of the small houses have more than
one bath and ittis not uncommon to ﬁnd a’ bath
adjoining each bedroom. _ And what attractiv

places they can be made, with their clean whitg;

tile and shining equipment, their spacious show
ers and built-in china _accessoi'ies. Even the bath»
room curtains are artistic in the modern home
Families insist upon having bathroom facilities
when they are needed, and in that way they Drag:
tice regular health habits. In addition, no‘ one
need wait to use the bathroom and be late.
school orlwork, in, consequence. Small cubb
holes are being made into baths’; it is false ‘ec
omy,to do without the facilities which can be h
so easily. But when a new bathroom is being
built, the only sensible plan is tozavoid future
unnecessary repairs by making sure“ that ,
equipment is of the best. -’ .

The island of Jamaica is 144, miles inlength -_
»49 mi-les in-width, and contains anarea of'~4,
square. miles. Its po ulation,.. according to.the~-eerie?
sus of 1891,’ was 6, 5,271,—.when’.:the¥,whites.i?
bered,14‘,692; gmulattoes, ‘121>,955;"_zjieg'
dithewhi

efcolored oigtnuiuhere '

Women of today ;

  

t. .. >,__

 'WINDSHIiELD WIPER CARE NECESSARY

One reason why a windshield wiper becomes

defective is due to small particles of tar sticking

1 on the windshield and unless they are removed

before the wiper is set in motion they wear tiny

0 holes in the edge of the wiper, allowing" rivulets

of rainwater to remain on the windshield with

-each stroke. Car owners are advised to exercise

, care in removing such particles before operat-
' " l ins? the wiper.

’ ‘  PARIS DOG DOCTOR USES VIOLET RAYS
’ Violet rays and electric’ dryers are installed
 in a luxurious dog and cat hospital opened for the
" , pets of the rich in Paris, France. .
_ ' ,, The hospital has an operating room, bathroom,
? -. Iponsulting room, private quarters for the animals
whose owners can afford them and a “charity
"ward” for the less aristocratic pets of the ‘poor.
. , _,‘‘Autogra_phed’’, photographs of expensive pa-
 tients hang on the oﬁice wall.

, _/HAMMOCKS USED TO SAVE ROOM
/The hammock is being discovered in France.
Relief for crowded city apartments is seen in the
- hammock as a bed. City authorities are consid-
’ "ering their use in public institutions. Serious
: ‘periodicals propose the general use of the haf-

. ‘mock in modest homes and apartments, where

" each new baby means, eventually, another bed,
?3 , Lless room to move about and heavy expense.

 SING SING PRISON}iIE§vS] SLEEP ON FLOOR

Some Sing Sing guests had to sleep on the ﬂoor,
according to prison attaches yesterda , because
, the count of prisoners reached 1,638, w ich breaks
. /’ b ‘all ‘previous records for ﬁfteen years. ‘ Those put

' :ip’on the ﬂoor were, however, supplied with mat-
, ztressesvand bedding. _ The crowded conditions are
,, due largely to the “tightening up” in the matter

, of allowing prisoners paroles.
zlation at Sing Sin: is about two hundred‘ more
 tshan in any of the other three prisons of the

 

 
  

 

. ‘ :‘JIXIES,’’ 'TWO-SEATER TAXICABS, T0
 - CAUSE FARE OUT IN LONDON '
The long-promised two-seater taxicabs which,

‘for’ an initial fare of 18 cents instead of the 25

cents-which is now the standard, at last has

;reached_the stage of ﬁnal tests and will soon ap-

,»pear in the streets of London. These vehicles will

.be termed “J ixies” as “J ix’: is the nickname given

to Sir William Joynson-Hicks, the Home Secre-

Iary, under whose plan these cabs were intro-

‘duced. _ _ _ _

 An interesting point in tins connection is that

London is the only European city where taxicabs

are not permitted by law to have electric start-

iers, as Scotland Yard considers the danger of

Jnischievous boys accidentally starting the motors

[is too great.

 2 PAYING $..7T.£‘0(%i(g)10ﬁli.E(;)ANS ON 102,709

3‘ “Those comfortabie, well-meaning individuals
ufd their socialistic imitators who seek to solve

    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 is must  
l'_I'EMS OF INTEREST

Th° p’iS°“‘ p°"“'i - shipbuilding ﬁrms.

 
   

 

h°“,Si1{8" bl’ doing‘ things for the people directly. 
or indirectly out of the public treasury might ﬁnd ’
3°me‘Jhin&' worth thinking about in the annual re‘-its
Port of the Superintendent of Banks relating to I
savings and loan associations under ‘the State ‘
Banking Department,” said Charles O'Connor 1;,
Hennessy, I’resident of _Franklin Society for’, ¥:
H°me'B1111d1n.2’ and Savings, the other day.’ .
“These associations with over 504,000 members .-
by mutual co‘-operation_in prudent accumulation
and‘ investment of savings are very effectively
solving the problem for a vast number of fam- ,
ilies without making any fuss about it. » . 1,. ‘
“'1_‘his report shows that in January 102,709 
families were paying off home mortgage debts

 

,to these associations, aggregating $277,000,000. 

These funds came_ from systematic savings of
401,299 non-borrowing members.”  1

  

coon APPEARANCE SELLS AMERICAN’
‘ CARS ABROAD 

American cars are bein sol ‘ ‘I ‘  .
through the appeal of their att(i'a<:1trviveG:;Ipl::i?-E ‘M
ance. This is sufﬁciently strong to overcome the
60 to 80 per cent. import duty, says A. C. Tessen,“
who has been placed in charge of Berlin sales for
the General Motors Export Co. , , '

Real leather upholstery, nickel. trim, quality’ —
fabrics in closed cars, the attention to ﬁnish and ’ Q5
appointments and four-wheel brakes are called 

the selling points of American cars. . K ,
“In 1924,” says Tessen, “the American auto-i
motive imports into Germany constituted 18.8
per cent. of the total German auto registration.“
The first months of this year showed American
imports had increased to ‘Z0 per cent. of the total "
registration.” Tessen, who assumes his Gene:-at 
Motors duties on July 1, has been representative-
of the Ford Motor Co. in Copenhagen for some
time. Before enteringthe automobile ﬁeld he was ,
general sales representative for the Shefﬂeld 
(England) industries and represented German ._ '

   

  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 

.-«

DECORATION OF HOME NEEDS CORRECT
LIGHTING FIXTURES I ‘ ‘

Proper and sufﬁcient illumination is necessary;
in the home, and it is dependent upon three-fab-
tors, the number an location of the outlets, ‘the
number of lights in each fixture,» and the size and
power of thelamps. With the moderate cost of
electricity, few homes are ill lighted in thesedays.
But there is another phase which has not re-I
ceived suﬁicient attention. , ,

That is the importance of suitable‘ lighting ﬁx.-"
tures in the decorative scheme of the‘ home.
very beautiful ﬁxture may be unattractive, it
placed in an atmosphere to which it is unsuited.
Fixtures run’ in types as much as furniture; Fat’?
instance, ﬁxtures for the Colonial home’ should bé
ﬁnished in antique silver, dull gold, .pewte_r '
brass. Early English houses need antique si-lvepk
English brass or bronze. The most appropriate."
finish for the Italian or Spanish home is gold‘
touched with colors and softened with »antiqu_e.~,

Another point to be reifmnbered is ethatﬂwth
ﬁxtures must be effective in daylight.‘aii_d‘“ "

merely when they are 'illui"ninated, 

 

I

  
   

TIMELY

row

 BRICK CONSTRUCTION DURABLE

. The man who builds a common brick house pays
in advance just a little more for a home that lasts
longer and is by the very nature of its construc-
‘tion immuned from ﬁre danger.

, NIAM—NIAM ENTERS DOG SI-IOWS _

Niam-niam dogs, the latest thing in society
pets, come from the Sudan._ The London kennel
Club has given the Niam-niam unusual recogni-
’ tion by declaring it a pure breed. The newcomer

to British dog shows has a short coat of yellow
hair, pointed ears. a curly tail and stands about
ﬁfteen inches high. ‘

HEART or LATE EMPEROR KARL MAY
- ' BECOME ROYALIST SHRINE _
 ’Ex-Empress Zita of Hungary is considering 3,
Ian to send. the heart of the late Emperor Karl
 0 Stuplweisenburxz for burial near the graves of
,- Hungary's first kings. I . _ _
,«  It ‘is intended to make thetomb, containing
3. Karl’s‘ heart a legitimist Mecca where those who
‘ V, ‘still hail the boy Archduke Otto as king may offer
prayers for his early return to the thione.

   
   
   
  
 
   
        
  

CAMELS. REINDEER, BOTH BRING FURS
4 [Camels. reindeer teams and airplanes are busy
collecting furs from the fai- reaches of Russia to
eck American dowagers and ﬂappers. _

‘ .Awav down south in Russian Turkmeistan
where the sands are hot and the railways few and
far between, camels——-the ships of the desert-
‘bring their cargoes of silvery “baby lamb” _furs
"to the market. Persian lamb skins—the crinkly
lack Astrakhan——-als_o start on the Journey to
‘ikmerica on the swaying: camels.

 

  
  
    
     
       
   
     
 

  

' CAGED DANCERS SHORTEN LIFE, IS
; , DOCTOR’S VIEW

, The views of Englisli doctor at Monte Carlo
93.1-,e causing many elderly dance lovers on the
Riviera to stop or pause in their-_ revelry. .
“This doctor says that the present. craze for
Ldancinp; is taking ﬁve years from the lives of per-
_5o'n5 Over sixty who indulge, and that scores of
’ oaths’ in the British and Amencan colonies in
France are traceable to the fad.

}'.‘D‘ancing harms no one,” he says, “but,_the

armful part is that the man or woman over sixty
/‘usually insists on a youthful dancing partner.

 

        
   

    

 

  

 

 A LIGHTHOUSE CREW, EX-
‘EDS ATT%%$HHSH BEACON

;,_/ ‘ as era at Saddleback Light, on a,pil_e of rocks
[:1‘;{1;B_tha Atlantic six miles from Vinalhaveni,
e., are unable to account for two recent attacks
‘seabirds during storms. Hundreds of. birds
qgoek,-‘part in the attacks, and dozens of elder
A I melts commonly called sea ducks, dashed them-
”ﬁ]lv‘es" against ‘the friendly beacon and were
' Med, , . _
’ X: the‘ ﬂrst attack a idrake Weig i,nE ten P°!md9
:91“; gm of the lenses and put out the lighto
" ' warding tl_iel_r.own safety, the keepers worl£- V
" through the stonnto repair the dam-._.

    
  

I ’rious1y.

  

~ . “ANi§.‘.1«9oi§TuNE’1iiv'i§:si¥ii{LY

Hutchins, in charge of the mannequin employ-.

wall ﬁnishes. i y 

     

TOPICS

age. Birds struck all‘ around them. An assistan
was knocked down by a big drake as he stepped‘
into the gallery with a ﬂashlight. Another bird 1

‘broke a plate-glass window and ﬂuttered to,the_,‘

ﬂoor and died of its wounds.

NO MORE WILL IRISH BACHELORS GAZEU
ON LINGERIE MANNEQUINS 
Bachelors in Enniskillen, Ireland, have been"
robbed of one of their favorite pastimes—that of 
attending mannequin parades. i
There has been no explanation of the ruling.‘_,
The news has been whispered about, however‘
that in view of the fact that married men are per
mitted to attend the latest fashions in chic lin‘-5
gerie are to be displayed, as well‘ as the newest;
street creations. Lingerie should not interest;
bachelors. aver the shopkeepers. » ». I
The mannequins, most of whom are from Dub-';
lin and London, are peeved at the decree of ,-the»
store managers. If married men, are. alloweditos
see the pa.rades,«declare the mannequins, -singl,
men should be equally honored. . g
“All men look alike to us,” ventured Mrs.‘ Vera}

   
    
    
    
    
  
    
  
  
   

  
 

ment agency of County Fermanagh, “and we con
tend that it is really taking a shingle off the,'r'0of~‘
of our livelihood. as bachelors as well as men 
life mates are interested in smart dress.-.and‘j
undress-as a great many of them have no intens-
tions of remaining bachelors always.” I . 

The married men are allowed to attend the
shows--only on condition that their wives bring”:
t em; V " . ~ '

   
      
    

STRIPES ADD DISTINCTION AND BEAUTY’-
TO PLAIN WALL INTERIORS X 

In many a modern home the one-tone ﬁn"sh:
gives a background of simplicity«an<_l beauty. ; at;
to that ﬁnish is often added one touch-stripitig.-.
And that one touch supplies a decorative note‘:
which makes the room distinctly dilferent front!
the usual one-tone ﬁnish without the str’iping"

lines. .
‘Obtaining the most effective results with
stripes depends upon the choice of color for them
and the entire wall. If you use paint made"9f_,
white-lead and ﬂatting oil, your color ‘selection,
need be limited only by your desires. ‘  ‘*
Stripinf consists of a narrow banding line” '1‘
lines app ied directly to the side wall. It outlin. '
all window frames, door frames and other. into '
trim and parallels the wood trim and the ceili’
line, the distance away depending on the widt
of the stripe. _ I 
Choice of color for the striping is impor'.ta’nt{f
A color very close to that of the wall’ color 
result in a subduing effect. On the other  .
an intensely contrasting color will add snapan
brilliance.  I ‘Y 
There is practically no end to the number,
shades and tints you can obtain with this")a‘.'lfl4-2’
lead, all-color paint mixed and tinted for thejo
That is Why this combination ofpwhiteg lead “sin
ﬂatting oil is used so frequentlyjn radix 
striping and many other beautiful and  "

   

  

   

    
     

        
  
 
   

  

   
 
   

 

n

   
    
    
  

    
  
   
 

    
    
 

   
  

   

    

- I A V c — Latest Issues —

f .1084 Ted, the Broker’s Son: or, Starting Out for
«‘ Himself.

1085 Dick Darrel’s Nerve; or, From Engine—
 . ‘ House to Manager’s Office.
 1086'Under a Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made
‘ . a Million in Wall Street.
1 1087 Jack's Fortune; or, The Strangest Legacy in
- the World
 10881 Taking Chances; or, Playing for Big Stakes.
_ 1089 Lost in the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
" " . Turtle Key.
' 1090 Ten Silent Brokers; or, The Boy Who broke
I i -. . the Wall Street Syndicate.
 1091 Only a Factory Boy; or, Winning a Name
 ’ For Himself.
'-/1092 F01: & Day, Brokers; or The Young Money
V I Makers of Wall Street.
 1093 The Little Wizard; or, The Success of a
* 7‘ Young; Inventor.
1094 A Young Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and
.. V Fortune. _
Q1095 Banker Barry's Boy; or, Gathering the Do]-
»  lars in Wall Street.
the Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast-
aways of the Mystic Isle.
:.)_o97 Eastman & Co.. Stocks and Bonds; or, The
- 1 _ Twin Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
1098 After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky
.«. ' Young Wall Street Broker.
1099 A Lucky Lad: or, The Boy Who Made a
‘ Railroad Pay.
1100 Too Good to Last; or, Six Months in the
 ‘ Wall Street Money Market.
- 1101 Dilgk, the Boy Lawyer; or, Winning a Big
3 . ee.
V1102 Broker Dexter's New Boy; or, A Young In-
. nocent in Wall Street. .
» 1103 From Mill to Millions; or, The Poor Boy
. Who Became a Steel Magnate.
or, The Wall

  
    
   
    
    
    
   

1096 In

    

      
  
        
       

1104 Three Grand Speculators;
‘ /Street Boys’ Syndicate.

1105 A Stroke of Luck; or, The Boy Who Made
.\ Money in Oil.

1 1106 Little Hal, the Boy Trader; or, Picking Lip
‘ " Money in Wall Street.

‘. 1107 On the Gold Coast; or, The Treasure of the
.. V Stranded Ship. '

 
  
  

  

money or postage stamps.

 Street. 1

1,.

'1116 The Little Money Maker; or, The W411 *~':'V,

or sale by all newsdealers, or will be sent to any address on receipt ‘of price, cents Viper why,

  1 W1-ZSTBURY PUBLISHING co;, the.

“°8 L“.:.“h:h*§:.£§:rke*=  A 3°“ Biz Dealer’?

1109 Trading Tom; or, The Boy Who Bought 
Everything. 7 "

1110 Favor db_ F t ; gr},  
in Vle’a1lvStr(:2Iet1.me or e Youngest  
1111 Jack J asper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route to; 3-‘
Fortune. _ g * 
“*2 “J:*..Ei%v.h°2:¥;.:h.E::;%“g. the Wes

1113 A. Young Lumber King;
Worked His Way Up.

11“ R%‘P‘iv§?F'§.i‘é§%‘.”‘  A S'“”* 3°“ Rm}: 

1115 A I§I£:1;ae;’I:a(};;s1dFortune; or, The Hunt £91-“Q7-2 U,

 

01'. The Boy Who” 

 
  

Street Boy Who Saved the Market.
1117 Rough and R d D’ k; , A ' _’:.' 
Press Agent? Ilrucklc or Ymmg Ex  J
 T‘€£:%v2ﬁ‘s2¥.E.°3?§:::§3»%   V?   

1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Rise of a Young’ '
Mason. ' ‘ 

  
  
    
         
    

1120 M1ia.l’1‘rty",,9t:]l11es%\1d(<ae.:3s.’cs.eng‘er; or, Capturing Coin! 

1121 Tl11;a03S’clc>ll;e1nc}13:’:1tk Note; 01;, The Career of’ a L

1122 Digging Up Dollars; or,
Young "Bul1” Operator. _ _

1123 A Runaway Boy; or, The Buried Treagu,
of the Incas.

1124 Thsv.?.“i.B1s‘;r’§.%*.:if;  The W W11 1

1125 From Farm to Fortune;
Made Money In Land.

1126 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,000 From
a Dime.

1127 The Bo. -Ra'lro d M t - ' Thi con."
tract Y1‘hatIBrcz31ughta§-n1&ilelio1‘i.r, fa '
1128 Dandy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or, Hug
tling for Gold in Wall Street. "
1129 Caught By Cannibals; or ’The Treasure 9'
the Land of Fire. V " ‘ ' ‘
1130 The Little Operator; or, Cornering th
“Bears” of Wall Street. .  Q
1131 Air Line Ed; or Building a Telegraph 1539"

  

The Nerve of 

      
 

or, The Boy 

 
   
  

   
   
  

 

           
 
      
 

  

 

