  

 

I ﬁ._.,. . . ._. ..
V _: . , $2. “ 

1.-.‘I.'.'.'."‘
v-gv

- - ,¢ — .« .
I-I "‘.2;..j 2'. Li ' I
. . . 457- «i ,7 -

1-a.-‘-_-14.’-'»‘5?.".

   

_ ferymr. I. /cred .1: Srmnd-;'x'u~.‘ .9l.1.’t:'I’ 4/ My .\. . /‘ml u/fur, /vy >'I‘kl' 1: 1‘ $4 .\',.\I:'1H. -.,»Ls:./ .\}':'n1//1 _ ._ A’. Y.

No. 522 T NEW vonx, DECQIABER 29, woo. Pr/ice,T TFTive eggs

    

 
   

 

ﬂc saw a bare white arm and hand as It searched around the shelf blindly for more packages.
and seeing it he reached out and seized it in his own iron grasp.

..~.5i. .

 

   mucmmﬁmnren
W 2‘! él}’\§ll_—JY

Issued Weekly. Ry :ub.rcri'p!i2n'¢ 31.59 per year. Entered as Second-cla Mailer at IL: N. Y. P I 0 . S & S
(V. Y. Entered accordinfta Act of Congress in M: year 1:26. in the Oﬂic: of the Lﬁrdfbf; o;’Ca-2:55;, Wgzfﬁzzﬁjfgémtk Avmu‘

Nh. 522. ' NEW YORK, December 29, 1906. _ Pd“ Fin cmgs,

:I'he White Arm of a Woman e

_ I5» '93’?-

 

 

  
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  

OR»

 NICK» CART -3 ’S _DESP -L {ATE CHASE.
Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.
CHAPTER I. - “Just a year, inifact. Mr. Barnes. To be exact, we

have not seen each other since we parted at Grantley, in
_ Virginia, after Peter Hampton killed himself)“ How-
“.H¢“°- M“ Ca"°‘3 I “as 3"“ °” my way t° -"°“' ever, I received the card announcing your marriage to

NINE MYSTERXOUS ROBBERIES.

 to see y°“'” _ Cynthia Hampton, and «I know that you have provided
I“d°°d’”M" Barnes? Then my can here ‘5 3 £0" handsomely for her brother Frank. But there are two
“mate °“°' things connected with that time which I know nothing

1-hﬁ t“'° had °nV°°'~mt°1"’-d °3Ch 03161‘ at the from (100? about, and it was to ask you some questions about two
F5‘ Almqui-St Bank; the detéctive in the act Of Chief‘ people who were connected with that affair that brought
_ thc‘.building, the banker about to leave it. me here this aften-;ogn_”

The time was five inmutes before _three in the afternoon ' «who at asked the banker_

tut about the closing hour for the establishment. “I wished to ask you what became of Mrs. Hampton__

“These  wm_b°_ d°5°d in 3' m°m=I}* V°"l_”” Said or, as she was known for several years, Madam Loyola,
bani-:er. Come inside, Carter. We will go into my the myStic_” ‘ .

mom ' “I don’t su ose, Carter, that you have for otten that
PP g
the woman is my wife's mother ?” ‘ '

 as they were seated he added:
1 “No; but as mother and daughter had seen nothing

V curiosity gets the best of me, Carter. I am won-
what you were after me -about?’ - \ _ .
* whatever of each other since Cynthia was about twelve

?” replied the detective, smiling.

77 ‘vi; scene signpof you sin_cE——it.is almost a year. .3” N,“ pm“ wax“, No. 53,, ..-me Mygmsous
- 1 ; ;  '~ ‘ . Strauer; or. Nick Carter’: Complex Case.”

 

     

w.-1

   

~i°'.a*“-'!.7r;:.-aw ~ w » — V v » . .1

     
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
      
   
    
     
 
       
     
 
     
      
    
  

,Vbetween them."

"There wasn't; and there isn’t.
person you wished to ask about?”
’ “VPI'eston."

“The nigger ?”. V V
,, “Yes. The old servant of the family who was so
V‘ faithful to his master and ‘mistress both, notwithstanding
 fact that the" two had been separated for many

aw)! 7 I E g ‘
.;',‘fMay I ask why you make the inquiry about either of
them, Carter ?” . _ , V
V_‘_‘Certainly. I have no reason in the world, save that
when I was about half a block away from this bank just
 a carriage passed me in the street. I could have
sworn that the man who was driving the horses was old
Ifreston; and I was convinced of it when through the
 of the vehicle I caught a glimpse of a face which
 have belonged to no other than--shall Isay Madam
" __ orshall 1 say Mrs. Hampton?’

fit is all the same to you I would rather refer to
 Madam Loyola.‘ It is the name by which she has‘
 known for almost twenty years.” ;

 AV,llright," agreed Nick. V V ‘
, ‘that is what brought you to the bank; eh?”

“Yes; that and the fact that I had not seen you in a’

time.”  V ‘ W i’

'.B0%n'tV yousthink that you might be mistaken about
;driver of the  vroznan inside?”
hardly think so. -It looked like Preston: and the
_ "looked like Madam Loyola. Seeing the two to-'

 es; "Iimderstand. "_Still.I think-there was as nits?

Who was the other‘ _

  

   

  

  
  

  
  

we imue.%i     s  
   ‘.ineitl!erfrny"*.wife‘noi*i'I'have heard a,
 either of-them  decided that
= would I   killir‘r‘gTof ‘]u:d'‘van
,. VM’adem!.oyola"ancf'Pr_esto11 were dis:
 cixstody’o£ft!~é['s:¢>ur.t; they ’b°*hTdi33lr’.’:
and  never  _a’_‘wordVirom“or a’ sign’
        

 
 
  

 
 

_ , 1

  

 
 
 
     
    

 

V onlyfpersons who know about the losses~—that is, since

just about six months ago." It was a package of bills
‘amounting to twelve hundred dollars. It happened that

 standing beside the clerk who closed the vault, that

'vinc_ing myself that the loss was somehow my own fault. 

of. thinking‘ i ‘
baialc

1°Vr°’3h;.*‘t_sll‘aboutit."‘ ~ -

sets and. V  

 

“A series of thefts from the bank; to be perfectly
plain, from the vault itself.”

“What is that? From the vault 3"

“Just that.” V

“Isn’t that rather a strange statement for you to
make?” .

“I suppose it sounds so; it is, in fact, no less strange
to me; but it is, all the same, a veritable truth." 

“Am I -to understand that money or articles of value 
have been taken from the vault of this bank after the 
vault has been locked and the bankis deserted. save by it 
the watchman? It sounded as if that was what you in— 
tended to say.” . "

“It is exactly what I intended to say.”

.“And did younot also say that these thefts have been
going on for six months or more?” a

“I did.”

“Will you tell me why you have waited six months to 
tell me about it? Or have you had somebody else inves- 
tigating the affair in the meantime?” . ‘

i “No. A I have not. So far as I know, we two are the

 

 

the second one occurred.” .
“You will have to be somewhat more explicit, Barnes.”
“To be frank with you, the first loss was discovered‘

  
 

IV placed that particular package in_ the safe myself ‘ 
and the next morning it had disappeared. As I ha'd'_; 

     
   

night, and had seen the door locked, I succeeded in com‘

3

 
  
   
  
  
    
 
     
     
       

“Well?” V _ _ 

,‘‘Not long. after that—-two. or three weeks-another.
package of money was missing in the same mysteriotxsq
rﬁénnger. "The circumstances surrounding it were  ;
identical, with the exception that  of the tellers had.
put the package in the vault before closing it.”

“Did you convince ,y}oursélf‘tha't you were’ also
sibletor Vthatploss ?” asked the detective dryly.

“No; ‘but I could not even  where the 
 Pllsﬁl-." ’ V ‘ ,  ‘ "'_;.

-("What did you do about‘ that second loss?" _ " L»;

 "It, was my  who discovered it. We talked , V
xnatter over between us, and we decided to say‘ ‘i

  
   

»*~.
4:’ V
t. .

e

we 

       
     
 
    
 

V "Yes.

   

     

  
 

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
    
    

l

- have done nothing about it save tol keep the matter
e a secret between yourself and the cashier?”

 “The losses have been kept secret; but I have ‘taken
aeps——" I H
 “What steps?”
“You are aware, of course, that we maintain a secret
«service of our own here; eh?” x

“Yes.”

“Well, I have had every employee of the bank thor-
- - lhly shadowed ever since that ﬁrst loss.”

“Including the ,cashier P”

‘ “Certainly.”

‘.‘And with what result?”

“With no result whatever.” .

"You mean that your secretiservice has found nothing
?" \ .

“Nothing at all.” . _ _
 “‘None of your men have been spending more money

3

f‘In'5 word, then,.you are no nearer to the truth than
' - were six rn\onths ago, after the first loss?” '
“Not'an atom.”
"\Vho is your cashier now?”
“Gregory Martin is his name.” _V
“Is‘he the man. who succeeded Peter Hampton?”

6'” '
§‘Was he an old employee of your bank?”
“No; I got him from another bank, where he had been
; "teller for many years.”

‘Dlolyou know if he and Hampton were known to each
er in the old days?” , '

 "I think he was about the only friendly associate
‘  hadt” - \

“.Y.e=~”‘~ ‘ . .
“Is be aware of all the nine losses?” \
$.91 , .

And the other clerks in’ the bank? Do they know

.3.‘ ?,, V - .
tellers know.  are as much rnystiﬁed as

 ‘do  losses aggregate?”

  
 

 ..*'=9‘
.

 Z‘ ‘deﬁciency ‘been made up each tiine,
H ‘K r v- ‘ - -. _ - 0 '

  
  
 

 it goodeout of. personal "resources

  
 
 

  
    

“So Martin hasbeen with you pow about a year; eh?” .1

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 3

However, it won’t do any good to go into that part of it
now. Where is this vault located?”

“In the banking—room, of course.”

“Is it furnished with a time-lock ?”

“Certainly.”

“How long has this bank been in existence, Barnes ?’.’

“Forty years.” .

“And it has always occupied this building, has it not?”

“Yes.
was put up to accommodate it, it was the finest in the
city. But of course forty years have seen great changes.
We are very much of a back number now, Carter.”

“Yes,” replied Nick dryly. “In more ways than one,
I think.”

CHAPTER II.
THE SIGNIFICANCE or COINCIDENCES.‘

- :-"‘Is that time-lock on your vault also a back number,
Mr. Barnes?” ' '

“No, indeed. It is a new lock.
:1 new one put on very lately.”

“vlhen P”

‘fl had it done immediately after the second robbery.”

“It is set every night?”

“Yes.’f ‘

“For what time ?”

“N inc-thirty in the morning.”

“And on the occasions of these robberies have you dis-
covered anything to lead you to suppose that the lock had
been tampered with, or that it had not performed its
work properly?” -

“Nothing.”

“Are you quite positive—or go you think you are quite
positive that these packages of money were taken from

In fact, I have had

— the vault?”

“Absolutely so.” ‘

“I mean, are you positive that the packages were not

. stolen either before or after they were supposed to be

placed" in the vault?”
“Certainly. Didn't I tell you that the first of the losses

_ was of a package of money which I put in the vault my-

self, and that I stood near the vault untjl—it was closed,
after I had put the package‘inside ?”

“Yes; but that was when the old lock was on the door.”-

“The old lock was just as good as the new one. And
besides+——”, - ' ‘

“Well? Besides——” V , ;

"I did precisely the same thing with the package that
was stolen last night. I‘put it in the vault myself. (‘I laid
it bu a particular shelf—-the same shelf, by the way, from

which every. package has been taken-—and I stood by «

until the vault was closed.” ‘ _ .
.“Go on--—relative‘ to that particular package.”
"Well,,_I was  to add that I was here when3the

,1’, I xe.x .

It is one of the old banks. When this building"

   

  

. 

  
  
  
   
  
    
 

‘vault was opened this morning, and that I purposely
iltood ‘near at hand when the door was thrown ajar. The
package was not there. It was gone.”

7 “Were you the first one to enter the vault after it ,was
opened this morning?” '
‘ “No; but I could see, from where I stood, that the
package had disappeared. It was not where I had» left
ﬁg» l
‘*1 an: to infer from all this that when you put the
wattage where you did you expected it to be taken?"
“Well, it was about time for another robbery, for one
 for another, I placed it on the exact spot from
which the others had been talqen.”

i V‘»‘I see. How much moneyiwas in the package that dis-
appeared last night?” i I
it we thousand dollars.” 7
W “Arid you thought it would be stolen when you placed
§i’%itcre,.did you ?”

   
 
  

    
     
    
   
   
    
   
 
  

  

tins." ~ ~ l .
“Quad. What were the denomination: of the bills?”
_ c were twenty one—hundred-dollar bills’ in the
'52 pk \ V 1 - _ .
 did you mark them?" ‘

» gal conductor’: punch that  purchased for the

  

n 4*’ ‘

 tort of "asmark mam"

:35 made: like ttieace of  in earda." _

“:3: suppose your idea was that hundred-dollar um:
snbnged attract attention and that a person receiv-
pwould.'be’apt to n .tice_the punch m,Irl:~—-‘and?
_ 4herit;eh?”«  7 - r i -

 I *4’

  

    

'3  {lib  who  the money

  ” ‘ " ' "U  ’

   or two or
 -‘ Mygidea was that I

V    saw

  

 
     
     

  eacti_..hcnk.tap
uncanny Sudxrlbitbtbltcanre to  to the


<

   
     
  
 

  

  
   

NEW NICK CARTER

V dulged in now; ch 3”’.

A time?’

.’stjanégd'i:." Al _ _ x . —
 5','E'!r'aetiy.«_“ Has*anythingio'fthis kind ever occ} " 
' -fore in the history go: the bank P” . . i I
_ f  “No. Certainly not.” i 
’y9t:g7{q.i_§g,5;ituti0§1.. when. «he; put!“-up  dun’ T
“in. 1 «tan?»   l  t  ~ *

.h if’

     

   

3?.

WEEKLY.
I think, moreover, that you had better take the entire 
clerical force of the bank into your confidence.”
“Do you really think that?”
“Yes.” ' ' 1
“It always thought it was your policy to work as much psi
in secret. as possible.” , _ ‘I
“It is—on certain occasions. But there are others 
when it is decidedly best to let all who are concerned in
the affair know exactly what you are doing.” V
“And you think that this is one of them E”
“Yes; this is one of them.” ‘ 7
“Will you come here in the morning, then, at nine
ﬁfteen?” T -
L ‘_‘Yes; and now I wish you would find out for me if i
anything has been placed on that particular shelf in the
vault this afternoon,” V‘
“I gave orders that nothing was to be put on that shelf '
to-night.” . n
“Go and ﬁnd out ifvyour orders have been obeyed, 
please.“ i I; l ' M
The banker left the room and went into the main part
of the bank. After a few moments he returned and an-
noujnced that the order had been obeyed. '
. “Anyhow,” he added, "it is not likely that there would
have been another theft to-night. They have never hop»
pened soclose together.-” ' _
V “‘I isuppose,”.5aid‘~the detective musinély, “that $11.61
this building was erected there was not so much care
taken in ‘regard to seeurityagainst burglars, as are:

      
     
        
    

 

   
  

   
  
    
    
     
     

3 “All the care was taken that the architects of 
time knew. how to‘ take. But the science of building hid
not advanced to the point where it is now.”  .1 ~
“Forty years you say {eh ?”
“Yes.” i .  A
} ave you been connected with  bank all ithatr

     
 

   
     
       
  

'”"‘It is just thirty-txiroﬁyearsp since  began} a clerkship
l3ere,'und« iny father.’ I him you know... » _,
erect‘ed_v(the>i_lrnvi‘Itr1ing. V It was a private bank when 

   

 

' “Yjonr father -was pretty; well taprtawn for  ii

  

    
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
      
      
 
        
          

 

the holes punched in them. I,don’t much think that any-
«thing will come of it; but there mig ”
That evening in discussing the matter with Chick he
said: ’\
“There is no doubt, Chick, but that there is something
.more than chance in ‘what is called a coincidence. Any-
how, I think that coincidences are first cousins to
“telepathy.” ‘
7 “Tell me just what you mean by that statement,” said‘
Chick: ‘ T
"I mean that it is rather odd that I should have been
entering the bank to call upon ‘Mr. Alexander Barnes
at just the moment he was leaving it to call upon me;
"it is odder still that I was induced to go there by a chance
fsight of two persons who were‘ mixed up in the defalca-
tions of the fomier cashier, Peter Hampton. They were
not a part of the defalcation, but they were associated
 him—with the man who committed them. One was
-Finis wife and now his widow, and the other was a faithful
servant who had served him all his life.”
.‘‘I lmow that.” .
“And the money which Hampton stole at that time-all
'but nineteen thousand-dollars which he returned at the
 he shot himself, was stolen for the woman-—-and
/like nigger knew all about it all the time.”
“I suppose what you mean, Nick, is that you suspect
 in some way those two are responsible for
 which are puzzling"you— now.”
1, think that it is-lil-:ely.”’ _ -
_ ‘Butithat doesn't go even a littleiway toward solving
ﬁle mystery as to how access is obtained to the vault.”
‘‘ Vi, I have never been in doubt about that part of it
' >_a moment, since Barnes told me -his story.” i
z}‘*You haven’t ?”
,1‘No.”
"%‘B9w in the world do you account for it, then,i”,',
i irrfply by believing that there is a way into that
J  other than through the door; a way that is -so clev-
 'ye;oneealed‘tiiat the banker and his clerks have never
 a way that has been dug out of the earth
through the foundations of;,the building); a--4-”

I

b , under  building--—_-"”. . ,
Qt  I ‘mean that Hampton did it when he was
.ap¢u M

  
 

=;iy;Nick‘1"~ . l . . ~ 7 .

 ’nut“he‘ wssemploycdl in that ‘bank
 you ._ non-t forget that the building is s
’  ' i . «endthtithaueverbeenteltered

  

  

.

' am.’
. ‘~1or..rwent;¢4t;,ht=yesn.yeu»mvou1d

,.». .5.

 
    

«., ,—v\ ».,-,.V. .,_.,u,~.v »g --’_;\r >3 , - «V --.

NEW VNICK CARTER WEEKLY. - 5

‘Do youfvmean that tbevwotnan and the nigger have .

2   an lass aims. The 

out ten, there would-be more than a hundred thousand
shoveliuls removed. That would be quite a lot of earth,
and it would make quite a respectable-looking tunnel.
Don’t you think 90?”

"Do you mean that Hampton was probably at that
thing all his life?” *-

“It looks so to me.”

“Then he was always a thief." ,-

“He probably always had the instincts of a thief, al- _
though he curbed his desires until he began upon those
defalcations."

“Ah, Nick! There is the weak point in your argument.

,.g-

If he had dug the tunnel, and could rob the vault at any
time he pleased, why did he monkey with the books, at
all? Why didn’t he help himself in the same manner that
the present thieves have done ?"

“That is easily answered. It was because he was
saving his tunnel for a great coup. He had decided to
make use of that only in the last extremity. Possibly,
having grown older, he had even abandoned the idea of
ever robbing the bank in that manner. At all events, I
think that the solution of the mystery of the present rob~
beries lies in a tunnel under the vault. And I think I
will be able to prove it.”

~ "Possibly,’_’ admitted Chick; but it was plain that he
did not agree with his chief.

 '==r-k- '4v"~\3‘ *‘*‘?...“»...-‘.5  -

um.-.»-Eisg. ‘ m  ' 5 ”

 

.~‘ <
s
3‘
I

CHAPTER III.
NICK cn-rsn’s nan MONEY scmnnz.

The detective appeared at the bank promptly at a
quarter-past nine the following morning, and he found
Mr. Barnes anxiously awaiting him.

“Come into my private room a moment,” he said.‘
“There is ﬁfteen minutes yet before the time-lock will be
ready for ‘us. I have sonﬁthing to ‘tell you.” 

“What is it?” asked Nick, as he dropped into one of 
the leather-covered chairs. 3‘

“You were right -about thinking that you saw Madam
Loyola and the negro Preston yesterday.”

“I was already sure of that. What of it ?” 

:1 have also seen them.” —,’

“_When? And where ?” ‘

“I them this morning while I was riding in the
ﬁ$. I take a nveqnile horseback ride in the
morning before .:I eat my breakfast. ‘I passed 
the upper part of the par ." ,

“Did they notice you if" _ - ,1 

“I don’t\think.so. Neither of then: looked my way.,_
You see, I was onthebridle path,-and they were on the
 Itlnlatapointwherethetwoeomef
elooelyitogetlaei-. These are only a few bushes between,
I~'<l0n’t think they noticed me, at all.” t » .

“Well, what were they doing 2"

B

  

,"“"‘-...

 

   
 
  
     
   
    
   
   
   
    
  

ing back. in the carriage——it -was a Victoria-and
yrestop was driving. He was looking straight ahead of
lm.”’

_ V .“They seemed to have no idea of‘ escaping observation;
‘h?!’ ‘ ’ i

_u"None at all. Why should they?” ‘

“There is no reason-—save that they ate in the same
with the woman’s daughter.”
“My wife. Yes.” I
"Have you asked your wife if she has heard anything
other; mother?" .
“I asked her while we were at the breakfast table this

"{Tl'Iat-she had heard or seen nothing whatever of her

e « . You know-—or possibly you ti) not know——that
was agreed between us at the time of our marriage
‘ _.,she should have absolutely nothing whatever to ‘do
' iv ‘her mother. I am quite sure that she never has.”
Due of the clerks appeared at that moment  summon
W   opening of the vault; and they went into th
A V s evident at once upon the openin of the door
nothing had "been disturbed during the nightfand as
I ‘the cash and other things had been removed, Nick
thgetneall to go away and leave him alone while he ._

- theinterior of the vault. '
eﬁnpent half an hour inside’ of it, after which he ye-
 Barnes in the private office. i

_._said the banker. “What have you found 3"
,.-glti,:v.e found nothing."

  

  
       

  

   

 did you expect to and?” I
y A’ . ywhait I discovered.” ‘
bargicnglaughed. . 4 , _ , , i
you are nos~disappoiased?" he said. —

 I anruot surprised." .
~v s eyotrwill tellme what you were looking for,"

  

/

  
 
 

¢¥c.¢P¢ ; ,, htbc regular door.” -. . i  '
  at gtihaie, had
the A ultdoaen§o{'tinbes,.hut,Vwith--no,.result.,-.If
 M are!    me‘
nchean-son-aaceswmaa.be.sl. woman?!

  

    

  

  

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY

i00lm18*'  ..  mi Iofgettg Y’ inside; ‘

Y pose. In other words, Barnes, it is some very clever

Qtliat the day would corne when:I would want  _
. Of A ~

that has been stolen could dematerialize and pass out
through those solid walls, is it ?”

“N-no.”

“You keep all your cash inside that vault over nights,
don’t you?” =

‘.‘Yes.” » -

“How much actual cash was there in the vault night
before last?” ’

“About six hundred thousand dollars in round
numbers.” _

“It might all have been taken at one swoop, might it
not?”

“Yes; that is the most puzzling thing to me about the
whole aﬁair.”

“You mean that the thieves should take a paltry few
thousand dollars at a time, when they might take so
much 3”

u¥es'rI > ‘ \ >

‘:1 don’t think it is strange, at all.”

‘fe-You don’t! Why not?”

“,Because they onlytake what they can reach.”

“Oh. I see. What is on that particular shelf.”

“Yes.”

“Then you don’t think that the thieves actually enter
the vault ?” ‘

“No. I think that at the most it is an arm and a hand
which reaches inside.” \

1 “It is all a very great mystery» Carter.” ~

"It stands to reason, does it not, that if a thief could
enter bodily into that vault, and so handle all the thou-
sands andhundreds of thousands it contains, that he or .3;
she or they-—-—woul_d take all they could lay their hands
on?” ’ "

“I should suppose so.”

“Then it follows that they found it impossible to lay

their hands on any more than they did actually stea ."
“Yes” V ‘

. «NOSE: every amount you have lost from the vault has A

 

 
   
        
   
   

 
     
 
      
    
     
     
    

’ disapp red from that same shelf, has it noy?”

    
  
   

."Yés.
ii‘ “I want you to load that shelf to-night--for me.”
‘ “With more money P’’' _ ‘
‘‘Yes;»with some that I havebrought to you.’' s ,
“Why should you bring money to me for that pur- 3
- yo { ' ' '
“Because it is the money. I wished used for that pnrr

      
    
    

    

counterfeit money that I had stowed away in my house
ioran emergency of this  I have always ” W

    
  

  
 
   

it; 1.<=9t‘it.-

[o,i,3 W

 
 

   
deteetiv -

   
 
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
     

 

  .,.' , \ . «_ >
_.r. _ - 3' . a

 "‘Yes. I recognize it now.
Brockway lot, isn't it P”
“Yes.”
’ “It might easily pass anywhere save at a bank.”
. “Yes. Thatis why I have brought it.”
7 a “You wish these thieves to get hold of it and try to
it pass it?” '

“Yes.”

Therewere ten one-thousand-dollar bills in the roll;
and after a moment the banker remarked:

' ,“They arebig bills, Carter. The thief may be afraid
. _.to try to pass them.” - ‘

i‘ . “That is a chance which we must take.”

“All right. I will put them on the shelf to-night.”

.“I want you to do more than that.” i

“ “What more ?" .

“I want you to let me put them there. I also wish
to set the time-lock and close the "door of the vault
jywselﬁn « .

‘.“But why?” i -

“Also,” continued the detective, ignoring the question,
with you to give your regular watchman a night oi?

It is some of that last

want to keep watch here myself to-night.’’

” The banker hesitated.

“I couldn't agree to let "you, set "that time-lock for any
other hour than the one now in use without consulting
with my\directors, Carter.”

r 3‘Qh, bush! , You needn't bother about that part of it.
Tiylill set the time-lock for 9-30, all right. That is all
g I want, isn’t‘itv?” ‘ .

"A‘3Yes."« V . . . , — A
“Then I  leave this counterfeit money with you,
 During the day you can wrap it carefully in a

 

  

  
  
  
  

"  J: .jir,;st_ay; It will attend to that myself now.- We
here in this small safe until we are ready to
R9! * s V

  Carter,” said the banker, while Nick was
g.the,pac1_:age, "if that "queer’ money should be
 ebuldn‘t we be criticized rather harshly
  useof it?‘ And wouldn't,I be respon-
 tcf an losses-‘hascainca because as air’? _

‘ft  about thatj and I ‘don't care,,either. 1
V. -= . .... _ It don't think /there will be any losses.

  

 
 

  

 you 

  

   ‘in the notice that
“ ‘Give a:descriptioI‘:'.;Itad;the numbers

 

  

NEW NICKICARTER WEEKLY. . ‘ 7

_ every night, and take what can be reached. However, I

to-night and to appoint -rne temporarily on his job. I _

 is another point connected with it to

_door again; but he did not turn the bolts into place. In-

_  ‘Then be stretched himself upon the ﬂoor in front of
 andpmared himself to wait and listen. V ’

The face of the banker cleared. '

“That is all right,” he said. “In that way we will be
entirely on the safe side.”

“Entirely so—yes.”

“And you don't want the watchman here to-night ?”

“No. Send word to him not to come to-day; or wait
until he comes and then send him away. But you need
not let anybody else be aware of the arrangement. It
is not necessary.”

“All right.”

“I will come here at three and I will ﬁx the time-
lock and close the vault myself.” .

“I suppose you expect to hear through the door what 1.
‘is going on inside; eh ?”

“Yes; if anything does go on inside.”

“I ought to wam you that a week or two may elapse_
before the thieves put in another appearance, Carter."

“I don't think so. It is my opinion that they come

 

will know more about that to-morrow morning.”

“To be sure.” '

And so it happened that when the last clerk had de-
parted for his home that night Nick Carter was left alone
in the bank, having himself arranged the time—lo_cl< and
closed and fastened the door of the vault.

He expected important developments before morning, as
and he was thoroughly prepared for them.

 



   

 

 
     

CHAPTER IV.
‘rm: wm-re ARM or A woiun.

The detective kept his word with the banker when he
promised that he would set the time-lock of the vault
door for 9:30. But it was for 9:30 that same evening,
instead of for the following morning, as the banker sup-

  
     
     

Nick correctly conjectured that he would be entirely
alone in the bank by that time, and he did not believe
that the thieves would make any effort to enter through
their mysterious tunnel before that time.’

That they were in the habit of visiting the vault quite
often he did not doubt, and as well might they put in an
appearance to-night as at any  -

At half-past nine he heard the click of the time-lock,
and after waiting a-moment he very quietly opened the =
great steel door. p i ' *

A glance inside informed him that at least the thief or "
thiev had not been there yet, and after looking thor-
oug around the interior to assure himself that every» °
thing was insplace as he desired it to be, he closed the”

       
      
 

«-

      
     
       
    
  

    
      

seadhcficnchefgrcacdocr in such a way that he cock!’
open it quickly with one steady pull upon the handles. ; ,

    

      
 

   

  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
 
   
  
 

Every half-hour he was obliged to leave his post for

eiock, and it was after the seventh trip of this kind-
inother words, at half-past twelve——that he decided to
spend the remainder of ’the night inside the vault.

To arrange the door so that he could do this without

danger of the great door shutting upon him, he went to a

eatfaboard in the bank and secured a cork from an ink

laettle; and this he wedged ﬁrmly against the sill of the

door in ‘such a manner that the steel barrier would be,
held, ajar about a half an inch when it rested against the

 _
This half an inch was entirely suflicient to prevent

V y ray of light from penetrating to the interior of the‘
 iult from the bank; and it was also suﬂicient to admit

 enough air for him to breathe.

Tltat done, he arranged a small rug on the ﬂoor in-

the vault, and stretched himself upon it to wait.

Iyle had determined to let the rnarlting of the wa'tch~

V 8 clock go after that, and so he had very little

, of the ﬂight of time. ,3 v i ‘
X! is possible that he drowsed a little, although he was
aware of it; but, at all events, he was suddenly
~- into‘ alertness by a sound which might be made
 one’s hand along the surface of a smooth

‘ just an instant he listened intently, and then,
— - that there was a.’ sound inside the/. vault, he
qslickly and silently to his feet and pressed the but-
at “his light’. .

 will see a great deal in one flash of light,
A"  first glare of it Nick saw that the package
_ ‘money he had put there as a decoy had already

he_sa'w.more t_han'tl1st. _ 

,_-law a- bare white arm and handwoaw the arm

 the shoulder; saw the hand as it searched

  shelf. blindly for more packa‘ges._ And,’ see-
'lle'I’c8ched out and seized -it in his own iron

ijit.a;nd_held it. . j

em   throushﬂa  in aide

5&1 anlt,*which it ﬁlled» completely. »so”it was vi-

 that no.ray‘_;of the light, he held had

 
Elly  and held nnitightlyiand im-

   
  

  

   

NEW NICK CARTER‘: WEEKLY.

t to bend down and with his pen-knife in his free hand

to warnthe ownerof the arm and hand.“

- oner, and yet he was as ignoranpef her

   ',  thick it was,“ but  

   

’ . . . . 1 ,
told him as much———that‘he was clinging to a womans
twog or three minutesin order to mark the watchman’s _

wrist.

It was a very white arm, a very plump arm, perfect
in symmetryl; it evidently belonged to a woman who
was well aware of the fact that her arm was charming.

The hand was beautifully formed and perfectly cared
for. i

It remained perfectly passive in his grasp now. There
was no ‘tension of the muscles. Nor was there any
effort made a second time to wrench it away from
him. : .. _

Nick stood there for some time, silently studying it.
He was wondering what in the world he should do with
it now that he had it-

Plainly he could not pull the woman through the
opening after it; also plainly he could not go through '
the opening himself after her.

He ‘held her by the wrist, so that she could not get
away; but he had no more idea of the personal ap-
pearance of the owner of that arm than if she were on
the opposite side of the Atlantic Ocean., '

Nor was there any distinguishing feature about the
hand or the arm by which he could hope to recognize
either if he should see them again.

The humor of the situation impressed him, and he * 
laughed aloud; then he looked around him where he
stood for something with which to fasten the arm where
it was. - , ' \ K I /"

On the floor, within reach of his feet, was a large
package of something, tied with a stout cord, and with
one foot he pulled it toward him; then he managed 

 

he cut the cords from the bundle. \‘
‘Having possessed himself of the cord, he made a. slip: 
knot in one end of it and caught this over the wrist. 
pulling it rather tight; the other end of the cordhe tied
ﬁrmly to a kiﬁab on the outside of one of the compart-
ments ‘inathe vault. ’ i
This ?done, and the arm fastened so ﬁrmly that its
owner could not withdraw it by so much as half an V
inch,‘ the detective stepped away ‘a little and studied ’
what he had done.
' The reader will remember that there was right then 
a woman in the city whom he suspected of knowing 7
about these thefts; but itmust also be remembered that
he "had absolutely nothing upon which to base his suI~
picions‘-—that is, nothing‘ that would impress a jury; :’ "
And now he held the woman-—-the real thief»-a 
identity as if



 

 
   
      

  
    
 

     
 
  

   

     
 

she were a thousand awayk
’ Between himself and her therewas a. wall

 
  

  

     

  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
  

 "had to do now was to leave the arm fastened where he
 had secured it andlto search out the other side of the
 vault, and so ﬁnd his prisoner; but one must stop and
consider the diﬁiculties of such an undertaking.
In the ﬁrst place,_Nick happened to know that the
. building which adjoined that bank on that side was a
V, church——an old church in the heart of the city, but long
i-since abandoned for church services. It had, in fact,
; been lately sold to some investors, who were going to
‘A. tear it down and erect in its place an oﬂice building.
 /Again, it was folly to suppose that the person whose
 ‘arm he had captured. was even now inside of that

church. That she was between the walls of the church
, and the steel wall of the vault he could not doubt; but

' even so, taking into consideration the thickness of the
two walls, and remembering that the spot where she
.. 5' was standing must have been approached by way of a

 tunnel, it was more than likely that she had not so
'-I much as touched the wall of the church in approaching
the spot where she now stood.
“I might,” be thought, “bybmaking use of surveying-
instruments, ultimately arrive at a solution of the prob-
lem deﬁning that woman’s exact locality at the present
moment; but even if I did that, I would have to break
through ‘the wall of the church, and by the time I had
, worked out the whole thing the woman would have
_’  to death, doubtless.” '
The thing for him to ﬁnd was, of course, the tunnel:
I but where to look for it was a very difiicult question to
‘ detennine. k

E  in the cellar of any one of ﬁfty houses in that
Iqeighborhood.

— ,.To make a oounter—tunne1 between the buildings in
cﬂrder to ﬁnd it was impracticable for a great many rea-
 to ﬁgure out the locality and then pierce the
‘ ‘_ church wall was as bad, because of the publicity that
would naturally follow. '

 5Banks desire tahaye matters of this sort hushed up.
Bankers are as careful about them as hotel proprietors
are reluctant to speak of a suicide in their hostelries.

-. To  the woman where he had her for an indeﬁ-
nite time was also impracticable. ’ ‘ \
Nick began to be almost sorry that he had seized the
inn at all, for now that he had it he did not in the
‘East know‘ what to do with it.‘ '

3‘ He thought of everything; he even tliought f X-ray
yehe was aware of the fact t even

steel; it  have pictured thesteel through
 woman,  it would not work both

‘He    arm in utter silence, just
 =11 his  he

Ng_EW' NICK “CARTER VVEEKLY. \ 9

 The entrance to it might be a long way off. It might ‘I

 wonderful process could not photograph, the woman V

‘noose around it with the other, and then, without warn- 1‘

_ .4..- ra-....p/.r

could not arrive at a deﬁnite conclusion concerning the
best thing to do.

Then he was startled by hearing a muffletl voice pro-
ceeding from the opposite side of the stcel'wall.

“If you will let go of my arm I will restore the
money,” it said; and because of the barrier between
them he could not have told whether it was a man or a
woman who spoke.

But the words afforded a suggestion, and he unfas-
tened the end of the cord from the knob on the com-
partment; and then, holding it tightly, he let the arm
be withdrawn into the hole until only the wrist and the
hand were visible.

But he held it there.
farther.

Then he leaned forward, and with his face quite close
to the wall, and therefore not far from the hole which
now afforded an opening all around the arm, he re-
plied: .,

“Do you realize that I can hold you here until I starve
you into submission?”

The voice replied to him in a whisper; evidently the
person on the other side of the wall was perfectly well
aware of the danger of permitting her voice to be rec-
ognized.

“I am aware that you think so, but you would not
succeed,” was the reply.

“Why not? Why wouldn’t I succeed?”

“Because, if necessary, I would starve before I would i
give up.” 

“I am not so sure of that, madam.” ,3

“Besides, I wouldn’t have to starve. I can have food
and drink brought to me where I am.”

“By your confederate, the negro?”

“By any one of half a dozen confederates,” she re-
plied; and then Nick thought he could hear a light
laugh, and he realized that he had made a mistake in
mentioning the negro-—a mistake for the reason that if
his suspicions were correct it would have put the woman
on her guard, and she would no more be seen riding
in the streets of the city driven about by the negro 
coachman, , _
‘ “If you will let me go I will restore the money,” she :,
repeated; and, save that the voice was in a whisper, it
was as calm as his own. She did not act as if she
were in the least frightened. _ .

It will be recalled that Nick did not wish the money
returned. That was no part of his plan; and now’ he *
decided on a bold move. \

He seized the wrist with his left hand, loosened the 

Its owner could withdraw it no

-‘.2-4:-.4. '11:)‘

4l‘.&-;_"&5v.’:‘a.i~;§.".'AA_:.,_~,"" "'~‘-'.««., .;:‘<.. ;=..: .

   
  
 
  
 
 

ing of any kind, he released the arm.
H Instantly it, disappeared, and as instantly something
ﬁlled the aperture throughwhich it had been thi-usg,’

 

   
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  

A d“it ﬁlled it so completely that Nick rubbed his eyes
and stared at the place where the hole had been.

‘There was.absolutely nothing there to tell him where
 arm had been thrust through the wall of steelg
 was not a crack, or the sign of one. ‘
 Whatever it was that had been used to fill the open-
ing, it was so perfectly ﬁtted that he could not dis-
cover it. '

"Plainly, the work had been done by a master me-‘

-——-v—¢..

_ CHAPTER V.
rucx CARTER CHARGE) WITH A camrz.

r a" moment the detective stared at the spot in
"a,aernent, and then he turned on the electric lights
e the vault. ‘

Nevertheless. with all that brilliant illumination” he
it impossible to discover just where the circular
is through the wall had been iilled.

there was now suflicient light _for him to make
V, his magnifying-lens, and by ‘careful inspection‘
 he ﬁnally succeded in ﬁnding a faint line no
 the finest of hairs where the hole had been

‘lied around‘ him for some article with which
strike a heavy blow, and then he '1-ernernbered
‘4 seen a hammer near the radiator in the presi-
" oﬁiceof the bank. . r
p secured it, he struck a lusty blow with the
that spot-—-but only to see the; hammer
no  almost flew from his grasp,Tand that
making the slightest impression where the blow

. that he could accomplish nothin more‘
the turned on‘ the lights and, left the van ; and,
the timelock for half~past nine in thelmorné
 the steel» door» and then betoolt him-
 Jvﬂice» of, the president of the bank.
? comfortable intone of the easy
  .. . _, . . »,
jd/in  at doo"r<ovf_ th¢.bank.«
 .  his ghair; pwondering what » it could

1

repeat‘ l ‘/,It“wa5_

A FPO‘  s
: ‘ 

 

?dooTr:i;and5it was 
,'ter’s rang 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

the lights inside the bank, and was naturally and c0r~
rectly inquisitive about it.

With this idea in mind he went to the door.

There were two chains on the door, one above, ‘the
other below, the lock, and these were arranged to per-
mit the door to open so that 11- space about four inches
in width would show between the door and the casing.

The detective -had no.thought of danger to himself
when he went to the door. He had decided in his own
mind that the rapping had been made by a policeman, and’
therefore he felt that he only had to reassure the oﬁicer
by telling him who he was and proving it. .~

So he turned the key in the lock and opened the
door as far as the chains would permit it to swing. and
at the same time he naturally held his face closeto the
opening. e i ' . '

And then the unexpected happened. \

In the first instant that he peered through the open- A
ing he saw a shadowy ﬁgure outlined against the lights
of the street; the next instant he reeled backward, with
an exclamation of pain. 7 . M

A whole handful of red pepper had been thrown
squarely into his eyes through that crack between the
door and‘ the casing, and the terrible powder ﬁlled not
only his eyes, convulsing him with exquisite pain, but V.
it also; ﬁlled his nostrils and his mouth, strangling him
as well. ‘ i 4 T

He reeled backward and, fell to the ﬂoor.

It was as if he had been hit with a heavy club, and
as if at the same time his breath had been knocked,
out of hirn.. , ~ _  . 

The pepper in his eyes was like red~hot irons gouging ji
them out of their sockets; and in his nostrils and throat‘ 
it set him to sneezing, and coughing, and strangling in 
spasms over ‘which he had no control whatever. even
with‘ his great powers of resistance.

So great was his agony that he did not even
that a pair of enormous nippers were thrust through the

aperture the instant he £ell'to the ﬂoor; that the brass y_ 
chains were,«cut,,one after the other, and that the door’ 
swung partly open, admitting three, persons, one ‘of 1 ”
whornwas a‘ woman. , I '—  . . s‘. 5

’ He was still writhing on the ﬂoor when a.h'eavy blow  
fell wmercifully,‘ perhaps—-upon his head, and rendered’ 
him senseless. i  * . . i 

.
- 2

 

 

   

      
  
  

\“*

    
  

t It $7.8  or

.4.-.ItA_J;vaI,. weary ugnarter  nine the   "'
 tliilevent when the.t¢l0PlI0ﬂQ_r_b¢1l .21. Niel: 
slim-.ply,,end._C3hick was 

0'

     
  

 
    
    

 

L

.9i'?F'i5"I*°.‘."i . r  .. ~ :   «
 said. ,:u«'?.hegp;ut.;rhe§ reeeivetto 

it plea .

 

  

   
  
   
   
     
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
     
      

“No. I supposed he was at your bank. \_ I am his
‘ first assistant. What is wanted ?”

“Are you Chick?”

-“Yes.” ,
g “I wish you would do me the favor to come here to
the  at once—-just as quickly as you can get here.
Doift ask questions now, but come here to ask them.”

“All right,” ‘replied Chick. “I will be there in twenty
, minutes.” '
A‘ And he was. .
When he entered-the bank he was conscious of an air
of suppressed excitement around him. The clerks were
conversing in low tones with one another, and Chick per-
 ceived that already theife were two detectives from the
-g central office there. , '

He ,walked straight backward to the president's oﬂice
, and rapped against the door. Then he entered, and
I found himself confronted by Alexander Barnes, and two
F other gentlemen, whom he took to be directors of the

“Well,” said Chick, “here I am.
Carter?” . .

“That is a question which I hoped you would be able
to answer,” replied the banker, with a scowl and a curl
.0’? his lip» I -
“Is he not here?” asked Chick. -
“He -was here last night. I»»left him in charge of the
 bank, having taken his advice and given the regular
watchman a night off,” was the icy reply. “The result
of it all is that the bank has been looted of almost all it
contained and Nick Carter has disappeared——with the
other thieves.” A ' '
_ Chick started as if somebody had jabbed him with a
» Pl“ . -
' ;A ' “What's that l” he demanded.
* “Do you wish me to repeat it ?" asked Barnes coldly.
 If you please, I wish you would repeat it!”
and Glick swung around and faced the banker, with
 eyes and set jaws, so‘, that thebanker twisted
,  in his chair; but, all the same, he replied: '
.“Nick—.‘Carte_r was here yesterday when the bank
closed for the day. Nick Carter, at his own suggestion
and with my permission, closed and locked the_vault of
 bank himself. ‘He, told me that he set the time-
 for 9:3i3.this morning. At his.‘ suggestion, I left
lﬁm here in charge in place of the regular watchman.
 Carter agreed to mark the‘ watchmaifs clock every
 throughout the. night; he made’ himself re-I

Where is Nick

 

   

lponsible for the  safety? of the bank through the
4- ’ ' t .

 said Chick,‘ ascalmly as he could speak.
,.eiirrte,peated the banker after him, and starting
»  p sametiine bringing his list down upon
I   a’ resounding whack.
morning it was found

 

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. A II

 

, ~.—.e,

that everything here was in confusion. Nick Carter 
had disappeared; there was no sign of him anywhere '
about; the watchman’s clock had been marked each
half-hour up to half—past twelve, and had not been
touched since that time; the door of the vault was partly
open, and the time-lock shows that it was set for 9:30
in the evening, instead of the morning; every bit of
cash that the vault contaihed has disappeared, and, all
told, there was something more than four hundred thou-
sand dollars in that vault; and there are several other
things which I might enumerate, if I chose to take the
time; but that all brings me to the point that Nick
Carter was not here, and so I repeat what you asked
me to repeat—that Nick Carter has disappeared, along
with the other thieves.”

3»Qr~"ia'..‘.ﬁ."‘. : - .

The other men in the room had remained perfectly
silent; but now they nodded emphatically, as if to give
entire approval to all that the president of the bank had

‘;.-.~._«.z‘a;»MZv.

said.

The rather long speech made by Alexander Barnes
had given Chick time to recover himself, and now, with
something suggestive of a sneer on his face, he said
slowly: »_

“Mr. Barnes, if I were in a natural history class at
a school, and were asked to describer'a banker, I should
say, without reservation, that in all but the length of
his ears he very closely resembles .a jackass. The in-
stant the dollar is concemed he becomes one of two
things; he is either a vampire, or a lunatic—and you
talk like a lunatic and a jackass combined.” \

The banker's face was distorted with wrath, and he
took one step toward, Chick.

Nevertheless, Chick did not move. Instead, he smiled

 

:‘--ii.
-1

.

.

1
.._t
‘«r
~‘x
+3’.

"‘¥§‘3§s'irei«;r,.».I .; '<'

into the banker's face and continued: /

“I am going to ﬁnish what I have to say, Mr. Barnes, 
and I want to tell you and your friends who are here 
with you that you have got to listen to me till I’m 
through." -, 

Chick took a step backward and locked the door be- 
hind him. ,3;

“Now,” he said, “if any of you men move out of your
chairs until I have said my say I’ll chuck you all into
a heap in the corner of the room with the greatest
pleasure in life!” ‘

-“Do you mean to threaten, sir?” demanded one of the .
men. . ’ '

‘Chick shrugged his shoulders. _

“You may call it whatever you like,” he replied. “I
mean to havermy say. ‘This rat of yours whom you»
call the president of your bank has presumed to state?
that Nick Carter is responsible for what has happened.
in this bank; he accuses him of complicity in the rob-
bery, and I want to tell you right now that the mother
of Alexander Barnes’ wife is the thief who has robbed.
you. and that the father of Alexander Barnes’ wife was

-~r 1:» = ail:
Tasa.n..:..-,.+:.t

    
      
   
   
     
  

      
  
 

  



  
  
  
  

_' umnan who dug the tunnel which has made the" rob-
beries possible. I think he had better clear his own
 !
Barnes gasped. He had not expected this—but Chick
was coldly angry. \

f‘I~ don't know what has happened here,” continued
lick, “because I have been told nothing but generali»
"es. 7All that I do know positively is that the losses
 ulihave sustained have made a fool and a knave of
urpresident. A fool of him because he permits him-
. lfto get rattled and lose his head, and a knave be-
‘ cause he stands ready to accuse one of his best friends
of the crime. It would be a great deal more sensible
 more logical if he would turn the accusation against
wn wife. I bid you good morning, gentlemen.”

Chick wheeled and turned the key in the lock of the

I:

  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
 
   
  
   

of the men in the room called to him.
 a moment i” he exclaimed. “We wish to con-
.*‘y<>v about W-” 
*5‘Whﬂ1 Mr. Barnes apologizes to me for what he has
ed. about my ‘chief, and when he apologizes to
 through me, I will listen to what‘ you have to

 and  assure you
 I 4“

if

that I meant every

 ‘ll assure you=~—and him, also-—-of another thing,
‘  assure you that I will trace this thing. and "311
ﬁr-Sight to his wife's mother and father. If I were
2 pieayune, coyote of a roan such as he is, I;
signage my =business_to running 3 seven by nine
downontheﬁastusidet’-" ‘ t 
wlieeledlabout hrhis  andpassed through
ivhtto the -corridor of the bank, notheeding the
 tlxet followed him; a!.uHn'the corridor
edope oi the central oﬁce  IQ?
 him» i

  

  

rather than to try to tread on the clothing of.

»g opened it and was ‘about to pass outside, when

an I don’t think he will do that after what I have .

L “Come  
  you? I wantto tell; 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.‘

Md

' ' W", T9 “"‘It’ me u it Niel:
J lute the idoortior- something.”  I a

1   was undetuit.
 l .-;hrougb‘.wlth a~ pair ‘of strong nippers.”

   

CHAPTER VI.
THE worn: or EXPERT CRIMINALS.

Detective Sergeant Conner was chuckling audibly as j
they descended the steps together. ' ‘
“Faith, Chick,” he said, “it’s funny‘, so it is! Sure, I
never had so much laugh inside of me before when I
couldn't let it out. Lad, ye’11 be posing next as Chick,
the highwayrnan, or Chick, the amateur bank-burglar.

Lord save us but it’s funny!”

Chick laughed with him. Then he said:

“It was rather quick work, wasn't it——-getting that
warrant ready so soon?”

“It was that! There was a fool of a magistratewa
new one who’s just been appointed—who made out the
warrant for Barnes. It was Barnes who swore to it:
and say! The spalpeen had the nerve to call me quietly
into his oﬂice and ask me to serve the warrant on the
quiet.” K ,

“Which you agreed to do, of course?”

“Sure I agreed to it. Iuwas that funny, though, that
I near laughed in his face. ‘I’ll serve it,’ says 1. ‘Very
quietflike,’ says he. ‘Sure 1’ says I. ‘No noise aboutit
at all,’ says he. ‘Devil a bit,’ says I. ‘And what will
you do with him, Mr. Conner ?' says he. ‘I’l! take him
to headquarters,’ says I, ‘and I'll keep the matter a
secret.’. Faith, Chick, you’re a prisoner this minute. ’
so years.”

“All right, Con. Now, can you be serious for a

C‘ i moment?”

“Try rne,my led.” _

“The autoniobile is around the corner. Ride in it
with me back to the house. I’ll slip into a disguise, and
then I’ll go back to the bank with you. You can tell
Barnes that you have got me safely cared for, and that
you have brought a man with you to help you look over .
the ground. Truth to tell, Con, I am afraid that some
thing serious has happened to Nick." . i "

Connors? face was grage on the instant.

“So am l,” he said. “Come along. But while we're 
going I can tell you about a few things out I have
picked up in the way of information already.”

"Good; What are they?” , b - - y _ ., _ 

' "wen, for one thing. ‘there wsrcgtwo chains on that “
front door; one of them wasiabove the lockzand the
Both ..hav‘e  cut clean

    
   
       
     
     

    

 
    
     

     

a<IA»,'i¢..»,  .,r . _ ..   T. .
hadjbeen induced at gs

      
    

  
   

appear this  lﬂliﬁt

  K‘ N C: 7‘.  ” " , :‘  V 7‘ . V’ V‘ l
A  cterkw-’-the.tir'st _

    

  

nae hsukhe..*

    
   
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
    
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
 

, .‘»‘You’ve guessed it the first time. I found a lot of it
I escattered around there.”
“Go m”
"When Nick went to" the door he opened it as far as
the chains would let it swing, and as he tried to look out
a handful of pepper was thrown into his eyes, and nose,
_ d mouth. You can guess what must have happened
then.” .
“Yes.” V ' r
“If the people on the outside had the tools ready it
d1dn’t take them no time at all to cut those chains and
L‘ inside; and then to rap Nick on the head with some-
' ; was no trick at all, blinded as he must have been
_ I the pepper, and choked by it, too.” A ‘
j>'T"You are right.” I ~
g  “Now, I don’t know anything about what Nick was
i  in the bank, only I know that he must have had
_ *§0l‘ne good,reason for wanting to replace.the watch-
, and also for wanting to close and lock the vault
his own hands.” ‘
“I can explain all that to you later, Con." »
Wcgﬁzow youcan. What I do know is that Nick
V  have spent considerable time inside of that vault
 the night.”

  makes you think that, Con?” _
“Well, there was a rug on the ﬂoor inside the vault,
 if he had‘carried it in there to lie on; there was a
Qiere that he or one of the robbers had carried
_ there, Now, robbers would have no use for it, but
' .so it stands to reason that he put it there.”
“Yes.” V
, e was a bit of stout cord about three feet long,
_a' siip-noose in one end of it, which puzzles me, be-
1%, thieves wouldn't have taken time to tie up
iii: with that sortof an arrangement. They took
I;ash.__and what they took they could stow away in
p  That doesn't mean anything to me. either."
iounda corlrr with which Nick had wedged the
‘_.5,tt)> keep it closing on him while he was in-
the vauh‘. It had  smashed pretty ﬂat, so

t‘ notice it, pro6ably,when he came’ out of the
~ to stay voi;t,‘a'nd‘_probably..he" thought he had locked
 oi the, vault  in reality had not done so

" ‘of-the ohrk”preventing. See?” ‘ ' ~— -

 
  
    
   
   
  
 

      

   
  

 was akehair .that‘he had sat in.,_and‘ an-
 had put his feet in. to rest. like. Off”
 vault; and tln;q‘re.we1'¢ some‘ €583!“
,_ .~    president’! oﬂicq.
 use-h_¢. had at thege quite a long

‘I

--to

 
    
  

.
3&4:

 
  

 haditgﬁnished  ., ,.tendqd to await developntults mad: the vault. instead air;

 

 

N NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. 13

private office: that be supposed he had locked the vault,
forgetting about the bit of cork which prevented it
from locking: that he was seated there, drowsy, maybe,
when somebody rapped at the door, and that he went to
the door and got the dose of pepper.”

“I guess you are right, Con.”

“And then, Chick, we come to the puzzling part of
it all.”

“Well?”

“First, how in blazes did the thieves know that Nick
Carter was there? Second, how did they know that

' they could get inside the vault it once they got inside

the bank? It is the devil’s own puzzle to me, Chick.”

“Why do you suppose that they knew either one or
the other?” asked Chick.

“I don’t know that I have any good reason, save on
general principles. But those principles are good ones.
Burglars aren't tackling vaults of that sort nowadays.
They can’t get into them when they do.”

“That is true enough.”

“So it stands to reason that they wouldn't have gone
to the front door of the bank at all, Chick, unless they
were assured of one of two things—or of both.”

“Well?”

' .“Either they went there with the deliberate intention
of getting Nick Carter, knowing already that he was
there, ‘and so found that the door of the vault was
open——or else they went there knowing already that the
door of the vault was to be left open, and expecting to
ﬁnd the regular watchman there. Now, the latter
doesn't seem likely at all. Faith, it all puzzles me might-
ily, Chick."

“Perhaps,” said Chick, “I can tell you a few things
which will help you out a bit.” ‘

“Sure, I wish you would do it, then."

Chick then related the story of the robberies as we
have ‘heard them told‘ to Nick by the president of the
bank, and he ﬁnished by telling how he and Nick had
ﬁgured it out. That Peter Hampton had dug a tunnel
under the walls of the bank during the years he had
been employed there, and that there was some method
of gaining access to the vault other than by the regula I
door. .

In conclusion he said: .

“Nick’s idea was that ‘there was not an actual
trance to the _vault, but that a_hole had been made through “-
the wall ‘somewhere, so that a hand and arm could be .
thrust through, thus enabling a person on the other side
to reach anything that happened to be on that particular , A
 .3’ I I’ : - . I

“I” see,  Conner.

“Now,”  Chick. “he told me that he in-

c

  mica: wen that the 

n

 

vs.

 

 

 
       
    
  
     
      

     
 
 

 not consent to leaving the vault unlocked fo

 night.” . ‘

“No more he would, either.”

_ “So he got around that point by asking to be per
mitted to lock and close the vault himself, giving the
impression that in doing so he was arranging some sort
Gfra trap. In setting the lock he set it for 9:30 in

  

  
 

  

past nine last night he must have opened the vault and
gone inside.” 6

“Sure. Goon, Chick.”

“He took the hammer with him, maybe, to sound the
walls. I don't know about that, only it doesn't seem
in if he would do that for fear of warning people on
 opposite side that he was on the watch.”

I ““I,was thinking of.that.”

,‘Well,” continued Chick, “the presence of the cord
‘ti: the slip-nogse helps us out here."

‘-'How'?" a. V '

 and the marked clock.‘ Don't you see ?”

I Blowed if I do 1" ' _
“Well, he must have left the vault every half. hour up
i_a.jhalf~past twelve, to mark the watchman’s clock. Be‘
, half-past twelve and one he probably saw a hand
 thrust into the vault through a hole in the

  

  

  

  

 
 

  

Chick, lad, ye've,got it, so ye’have!”
“That seems probable, anyhow.” V r_
 and he had the noose ready ~——” .

  

erward. He probably seized upon the h nd and

had a talk———v—"' I ’

, _§ear't.-to-heart talk,  it was; eh ?’

.., ii I a heart-to-hand talk--with the owner of the

P ﬁutteveu if he.» did, he couldn't pull the person
that hole,‘-and he couldn't getthroughg it him‘

  

. hind; but~don’t you see ital! now? Whoeveriit
e  pride of the hole, sure, ’they_ recognized
 uaattngék g_arter_, or somebody likerhirn. was
 vault, and therefore knew that the fimealock
.__‘¥llﬂt  not  ,  Nick lettlfe" hand go
 into the private oﬁice to think it: over and
 they just  and two together
 to‘ thernaelvea, like this: I ;

; he Nick‘ ﬁtter  ii‘ there,;.and by

  

  

 

 _!i¢'V°; :01 ch

NEW NICK CARTER 

 evening, instead of 9:30 in the morning, so at half- ..

Eitlwrihe had it ready, or he prepared .itt. rniﬁhty .

it; then we will :sa_y that be‘ tied it fast, and prob«

overlook what you/said about his chief.”

..".!‘_"‘*   .31, v*=’""9i  é‘l5¢.~ .
*°a.5*. V9;-cc  _th.ere.v_Tand» if we 

t I 1‘~‘W¢«l1. for
 punch you inthe eye the". minute he got w‘
1: _,’“..¢h"°f—"YW§.&ﬂd: anyhow, he

 

  

  
 
 

  

“It is that ;‘ and he will have that to explain when we
find him~—if we do ﬁnd him.”

“And the hammer he must have taken in there after-
ward ~after the hole had closed when he released the
arm.” , '

“To ﬁnd out where the hole had been, you mean?”

“Yes.” ' C

“‘Sure, that’s it.” ' ,

“Well, here we are back ‘at the bank again, and now
I would like you to.tal<e me all over the place, if you
will. You can say that I am an expert from Scotland
Yard temporarily in the city. That will suﬂice to ex-
plain my presence.”

“I’ll do it." - V

And so they entered the bank together.

     
   
    
   
    
          
     
    
 

CHAPTER VII. '

THE TUNNEL UNDER THE BANK.

    
   
    

The conversation between Chick and Conn/_er had been
carried on while they were in their way to and from
Nick, Carter's house, whither Chick went to don a dis-
guiseand he had succeeded in giving himself a thor~
ou ihly English appearance. '

hen they entered the bank «together Conner con- .
dudted hirnv straight to ‘the president’s room, where he .1
presented him as a friend from Scotland Yard, London, 5
temporarily visiting the city, and he added :g

“I took the liberty of bringing him here with me, sir,
for the reason that his opinion on matters of this kind
is worth havin/g.” ' A I

“I am very glad that you brought him with you,” 
plied the banker. “By the way, Mr. Conner, will you
tell me what you did with Carter-’s assistant?”

“Oh, I took good care of him, sir."

“I have begun to fear'_that I acted’ somewhat hastily
in regard to him, Conner." , ‘

f‘Well, I think somyself, if you should ask m'e,.” re-
plied Conner. “Chick isn’t‘a lad that is likely to forget
it, either.“ It isn’t a small thing to. charge him with;
complicity in a burglary; but to my way of thinking he
would forgive that a whole lot quicker than he would

     
   
    
      
       
 

     
       
         
       
    
    
    
       
 

“I was hasty about that,‘too'§’’ ' I
_“I think you were. Mr. Barnes." -
"I shall go to police headquarters presently and 51;».
cleaver to set it all right’ again." ‘ I , _
“You’d be a fool for your pains; Mr. Barnes, 
pardon ‘for plain speaking"; - A I 1
/‘Why so?’f l ’ .  I I. 
one thing. Chick is that 

     
 

  

    

  

 
   
 

   
    
   

  

    
 

   

hr

  
  

3'

in probably out

  
 

  

1 2 '_ -.».:__

   
 
  
   

~ = “Why, Mr. Barnes, you dor\1't think for a minute, do
you, "that there is an inspector in the city of New York
whowould hold him on such a charge as that ?” y —
E “But the warrant——-” _ I ~
“Chick has doubtless got that in his pocket at this
minute”—as, indeed, - he had——“and he will carry it
 around with him until-——-”
“Well, sir, until what?” «
" o“Maybe I’d better not say what I started to, Mr.
;._.,i~;".Barnes." .
 ‘.‘Say it—-say it!” - .
 ~.“I.was going to say that he would carry it around
‘with him until he got a ‘chance to make you eat it. I’d
 rather have the divil himself after me than Chick, so I
, “would.” A .  ; . . -
A » “Indeed! I must ﬁnd a way to communicate with
“ him at once.” I I

  
 
          
       
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
     
  

 And now, will I take m
,;enr«->" E

 a ‘‘_Yes; and return herewhen you have ﬁnished, if you
‘  g-please]: ‘ ' i , , . .

'”  Chick’: ﬁrst act was to turn on the electric lights
Jnside the vault and to examine the surface of T the walls
carefully with his glass. “

“It was  hour before he discovered the tiny hairlike
ph'c‘e"where -the hole in the wall was stopped by the
circular piece of. steel;-but the glass also showed him
here a spot where it appeared that a hammer had struck
Lieveral times—-and it was all directly above the shelf
 which so many things had been stolen.

 and he were in the vault alone together, and
 turned to him.

“Conner,” he said, “here is the spot where the arm
I through the wall,” and he pointed to it, at _the
'timegiving_him the glass. ‘ ‘
f:True_ for you,” said Conner, after a short inspec-

y friend here through the

V
‘t

  would. bring Barnes here, will you? And
 he is, withgrne, stand at the door, so you can
_  passes between. us, while at the same time
' ‘f¢8n'prevent others from hearing.” _
 baker soon ‘entered-.the;vau1tVand stood beside
although he had not the. least ideathat the man
.*.~ .1 ll ‘ I /
You
Have yornmiued small packages fromthis
 to time,—'Mr.' Barnes?”/It will be re-
   thefts “was shared
 pad ‘Nick, and, of course‘, 
5 .  IIl')'w“’Conner\ ‘

 
 

  
   
  

 
 
  

.V\

  he  fataonce,

NEW‘ NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ A 15

“And always from this particular shelf?” V

“Yes; but how in the world ”

“We won’t go into that part of it now, sir.
wish me to develop this mystery for you?”

“I certainly do wish it, if you can do it. I had Nick
Carter "

“Mr. Conner has told me all about that, and I heard
what you had to say about it a few moments ago. I
suppose, Mr. Barnes, that you would like to recover that
money you have lost by the robbery of last night?”

\ “I don’t know how you can ask a question like
that.”

“And also you would like to take steps to make this
vault perfectly safe in the future?"

“I certainly would, sir.”

“No matter at what expense, or trouble?”

‘fNo matter at, all as to that.”

Chick turned and placed one ﬁnger on the spot where
he knew there would be a hole through the steel wall if
the circular piece of steel that ﬁlled it were removed.

“There has been some very perfect mechanical work
done here,” he said. “Right here is a circular ﬁlling,
so cleverly ﬁttedand so cleverly made that the naked
eye cannot discover it; but, all the same", from the»op- .
posite side of the wall that circular bit of steel can be I
readily removed, and in so doing a hole the size of a
man’s———or a woman’s—arm would be exposed.”

- “You think so, sir ?”

“I know so.”

I “It is most remarkable.”

‘‘It is. Do you want it remedied?”

‘‘I certainly do.” ‘

“Then, sir, permit Mr. Conner to send at once for
the proper ‘workmen-—-experts at their craft——and have
a hole made through this side of the vault that will be
large enough for me to pass through.”

,“But why?”

“In order to get at the tunnel that is
side of it.”

“Do you really think there is a tunnel there?”

.“I don’t think anything about it; I know it.”

. “Would it not be_ well to send for the men who built
this vault for me? That is, for the men who have ﬁxed
it? ‘ I forgot to say that the vault is a very old one.” *

T“You didn't have to say it. Only the door‘ is new.
Mr. Conner will know who to send for. I would like
to superintendthe job myself--if it is done.”

-«‘.‘It shall_be done at once.” i

' “Then let me advise that you have ‘eve:-ything‘re~’
moved from your vault without delay. Conner l’-’ Chick
calledfout. ' i ' n V

uYg?» ‘ I ‘

‘-‘Have you heard

“I have.’,’ « ' V g
.. “Alia do you agree with ’me?”_'

Do you

on the other

     
    
 

I

   
   

what has passed between us?”

    
    

\ :'V.:_

  

  

» e

 
    
     
   
    
  
   
    
  
  
   
 
   
  

i NEW NICK
. “Sure I know enough to agree with my betters every
;time I-have a chance.” V
 “Do you know who could cut thathole for us the
‘ quickest ?” M ’
V “I do that; and by the same token the very man is
 work on the new building that is going up around
lithe corner. -His name is Boyd, and he's got some'sort
_f a‘ new-fangled way of burning a hole through solid
Steel with electricity. I’ll get him; but he’ll charge you
ell for it, Mr. Barnes.”
Never mind the cost. Get him at once.” ,
onner was absent not more than half an hour, and
4 n he returned he was accompanied by three 'men,
 dragged with them a remarkableappearing appa-
‘tus which they proceeded to instal at the door of the
 will not be necessary to enter upon a technical de-
'_ption of the apparatus; in fact, the writer is not com-
 to do so; it is, however, one that is now rather
 flmown. and it is made to produce a heat so intense
it melts steel as if it were butter wherever the con-
 ted ﬂame it produces touches the metal.
. marlded out with a piece of chalk the outline
ﬂleihole he ‘wanted cut, and then he stepped outside
"permitted the men to do the rest of the work.
seems almost incredible, but in just thirty minutes
L -that time Mr. Boydi stepped from the interior of
fvatllt into the room and said:
My 3work is done, sir. There is acavity beyond it,
if  had been tunneling there. I wish‘: you
' f if there is any more to do before I take my‘
_  you.» ' I

   
  

  
 
   

  

. « '3
M _ Conner stepped inside. They lookeilthe
’ vet‘ quickly and then informed Boyd that his
was done, and done well; and ‘then Chick faced

  

  

._ C 40$-the vault and told them all thafthey eould
 %¢1'.theoplac¢‘iu8t NJ “ .

cud’ he said, “until Conner. and I have in ,
 - ’ There may bedanger here. We cannot tell

1  of. rtrapﬂ your burglars may have’ laid for ,
 a book between the door of thevault 
‘thenélosedithe door againstithe  -

  
 
 

. .'‘”¢ ‘'*“.‘‘‘¢“ ;“*?‘d¢-it ‘ : k   .
H‘  the hole throughpthe steel w_all.‘and
h  ltojihe” seen by the light bereav-

.9

 
  

. C 5»

 °’*‘¥¥¢“ r

 

CP.3RTER".L\§'EEKLY;

 and several others who had gathesed around I

‘ ever in boyhood attempted the building of a tunnel on-‘

‘ undertaken. A

.» ‘whim

   

 

of the vault that was aﬂeast four feet square, and at
the west side of that space there was a tunnel leading
downward. in a slanting direction which was just large p ;.
enough for one person to pass through. ~ C

Before them, on the ﬂoor of the vault. lay the square
of steel that Boyd had cut out. ~ It was still hot from
the torture to which ..it had been subjected, but Chick -»
managed to turn it over, and he found that the small C
hole had been ﬁlled with the round piece of steel, whidl 
was held in place by a device exactly like that one em- 
ployed upon war-ships to close one compartment of the
ship against another.

In other words, when it was ‘screwed into place it
was held asﬁrmly as if it were a part of the wall itself—-— ‘ 
and it was as solid. ‘ » . 

“So much is explained,” he said to Conner. “Now
for the mystery of the tunnel.” '

“What a pity it is that Nick Carter isn’t here 2” re-
marked Conner sorrowfully.

“This tunnel will more than likely lead us to him,'\
replied Chick. , ‘
“If he's alive,” said Conner.

Chick started. ‘ e
T 4-1‘ don’t think they'w/ould kill him,” he said. “If
they had dared to do that it would have been done when
they captured him. Burglars are not always mur-
deijers. They don't, as a rule, like to shed blood if it
Cali‘ be avoided; and, besides, we must not forget that ‘
the head and front of this business is probably a _. 
woman.” 3

“All the same———’’ '

"Come on," interrupted

 

  
     
    
  

     
    
  

    
 

   
  
   
 

Chick.. “Let's stop talking
and get to work. We will never ﬁnd what is at the 
other end ofthis tunnel if we stand here talking  - ‘C
it!» . ' '
“True for you, laddie. Go bn. I'm with you.”

 
       
 

 

 
   
 
  

. \ .'.
_ CHA'PTER VIII.
sonvmcjrae TUNNEl. uysranr.
We wonder if any of the readers of this story have C ..

       
 
  

    

derthevgroundi All boys have at,one time or another .
dreamed of such things, but few have attempted‘-the re~.

alization of the dream. . p . . .
« It sounds. in the description, like a verysimple thing’ 
quite another matter when seriously-4,

        
    
 

to do, but it is

 
   
  
 

   

We’ read in the histories of the Rebellion of loug‘tun'~
nels thatwere dug through the solidesrth by 
prisoners whogwerestarving.-s1owly'st _  C -*’*:
tunnels that wgre «srlouthsvnin the making, and 
there were if ‘C ’ "

   

    
    
 

 

  

   

- ’ and completed the tunnel which Chick and Con~
_weregnow exploring.‘ Of the interminable time it
  him to complete it; of ‘thepersistency with which
 must have worked, accomplishing inches only at a
tit, as Nick Carter had said to Chick when they
here‘ discussing it, ashovelful .of dirt a day for twenty-
years would move quite a heap of earth. .
evertheless, as Chick advanced through that tunnel’,
'ng the wayvwith his light, and closely followed by
v .er,‘he was amazed almost beyond expression at the

leteness and the extent of the work. ’ _
e roof of. it was propped by a device which in
a was like an ordinary horizontal bar as used by
etes,.-with the uprights at either side of the excava
and the bar. itse1f—-aplank in this case—as the
c ; and these were placed at intervals of four feet
Pthe way through. '
Thetunnel was six feet high and three feet wide, and
 to have been laid out with a perfection of en-
— . 'ng skill which was amazing in a bank clerk.
7.-‘~'$urely,” thought the young idetective, “this man
(1 have made his mark in the world as an engineer.”
  been said that the tunnel descended on a slant
the momentitheye entered it; and this descent, at an
of,twenty-three'degrees,,continued until Chick was
_j' that they were many-feet under the'ground.

2 —-"-"if air it couidfbe called--was hot’and oppres-

  

, .— I . . . ‘ I
W last they reached the bottom of the slant, from
 the tunnel led away again in a straight line far-
they could see with the aid of the light that
 for a moment at the g_ bottom of the de-
':’be’asked ‘Conner:

 you think to count your steps, Con ?”

as " was ms: rep!»

 
  

  
   
 

gdidyon mnke‘i't?’f‘ R, g 
s-an  ﬁfty.’ -, g -* -

I

 
 

   
 
  

two‘ feet at astep, that would bring us ap~
thrnxhmsed-fet im*»¢‘**~=+W*Y ‘mm W
wattvtp takeséif alittle for the slant.”
 g,nd._..seventjt4ﬁve. then." *
 about’ ﬁght-”‘

   

I

  
    

       

NEW ‘NICK. CARTER WEEKLY.

It  in‘fact;gso close that it wauiimcde to_‘__ ’

A . erty on ,.Fifth Avenue ?”‘

 "Now, it we reckon that we

ay, . omen" ..

, chtzux13.u§rst;s.(eh?’’ A _ V _ 
M ;."Sure’»s_ youlrehorn.  Areyou ready?” l _ 1

 
   
    
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
    
    
     
   
    
     
  

 

“Give it up. VVhat do you P”

“I give it up, too, Chick; only when you begin to
get near the end be careful, Chick.” 

They went on after that one hundred steps more,
when they came‘ to a place where the tunnel turned at
right angles. _

"Five hundred feet, all told,” said Chick, pausing.
“Where should you say that we are now? Eh?”

“About thirty feet underground."

“Nonsense! I know that. Whereabouts in the city
are we?”

“We ought to be somewhere rather close to Fifth
Avenue, Chjck.” '

“That is what I was thinking. This thing turns north
here."

“Yes.”

“Come along, and count your steps againﬁ’

The tunnel led them straight north just one hundred
paces; they were short paces, for they ﬁgured them to
be only two feet each—a’nd_here they found themselves
directly under a round shaft where a ladder, led away
up through the darkness. .

“If that chap who built this thing had lived a few
more years he would have tunneled under all New ‘-
York,” remarked Conner, as they came to a halt and .
strove in vain to see the top of the ladder up the shaft. _ 3
“Where do you suppose that thing leads to, Chick?” ‘ A
“Out.” i '

“I should say in-—that is, into somebody?‘ cellar. It's.»
a cinch that we can't be very far from F iith Avenue, e
isn’t_ it?” ’ '  .   

“That is my opinion.” \ '

“Do you think that the dead cashier-—-what was his
name?" ‘ A

“Hampton.” - . 

"Do you suppose that Hampton ever owned any prop~ A 

'3

'5

 

“Not thatel ever heard of.” ‘ C

“What a crazy idea it was to build 211 this tunnel to
the bank; eh? What do y’ou ‘suppose he did it for?" A‘
“I think you answered that question when you asked’
it; it was a crazy act; -The man had a sure anchor to .
windward when he ﬁnished the tunnel." .  .
“I suppose he sort of kept it for a nest~cgg. knowing -‘
that he could put his hands onto all the cash he '9“-_ ’
at~any' time be pleased.” 
"And, for; that reason, never did it: eh?" ;
C‘-‘Yes. When_‘he.did steal he did-it in a manner 
fnade, himgsure to be found out. C ' inals are funny
guys,*Chick. The smartest one on. arth is a terrible

 
      
      
 
 
   
     
    
   

   

.«

,"Fo;1{-what?-'2 

    

,‘lCome. on, then.” .
‘Chick seized the ladder and went rapidly up it, cal-

last he reached the top that he had ascended about
“thirty-ﬁve feet. / -
And the top of the ladder brought him up against
appeared to be a trap-door; but that trap—door was
a solid, square, ﬂat stone. »
f“GeeAl” said Chick. “If that thing should happen to
«fastened down on the other side, it will be quite a
 to get through it. Stand hard now, Con, and I will
 '£I}ean lift it with my shoulders.” ’

He bxaced hard for a heavy lift, and was quite sur-
 when’! the stone rose; easily above him-'—-so easily
ya child might have lifted it. V , ..
The opening above him afforded no light, however,
,»pt_essed—the,hutton~.of his electric before heat-

ed. toipass through. i . . . .
 light showed him an ordinary cell'ar——-ordinary

  

has  as they could discern for the moment,
no‘appare_nt outlet from it. — r ' .
‘gsaid Conner,as. he clambered out after Chick,
you suppose that fellow put all the dirt he
oiiwthat. hole? .Eh?”g . _ ,
"probably carried it away each day with a hand»,
ythe reply,-V‘  is the only way in which

 
 
 

341% ..  of - s  a
loft   oi1it:;,he mm -have ireinhved.”
iviﬂthai: but alsothink: of" the time he must ave ‘
2 is dissinseithat tunnel.” 
  You suppose we are now,

  

. :5

 say   oi some
, site: as :“d,o' you my my-

 

 
 
 

New NICK clam WEEKLY.

cinlating the distance as he did so, and ﬁguring when at

or the fact that it wasﬁlled /with packing-boxes, ‘

."[”Yes.,”‘/ gr , , . l  ‘  ' ‘V 
.  'used\.the;.'sl‘,op, as  for ‘the work 

' i .11is§;ivif¢'~?;!5i§i>>:§»l#??. like on

  Ncmthat he has

    
   
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
 

When Chick first made the attempt to lift the door
it resisted his eﬁorts, and he thought for a moment that
it was, fastened down; but it moved a__ little, and he
ﬁnally decided that there was some article upon it which
held it down. ' . : .

VApplying "rather more strength, he raised it some-
what, admitting daylight; and presently, by reason of V
' more lifting, the article upon the door, whatever it was,
slid away and the doorpopped open quickly. A
. Instantly Chick leaped out, prepared for anything that
‘mighthappien, for he did not know who or what he
might be called upon to encounter in that room above
the door.

Conner followed him almost instantly, and at once
they stood side by side in the room above; then they
looked intoseach ._other’s faces and laughed. _'

“Not much here, is there, Chick?” was Conner’s re-
mark. V .

 was‘ there. 

The place had evidently been a stable at one time, long ’;
agofhut it had doubtless been many years since it was
used for that purpose. y

{In appearance, it was an abandoned work-shop, for it e
was littered from one end to the other with all sorts of
luihlaere-—usingi the term lumber in the sense that it ne-

“ fers‘ to anything atall in the shape of scraps; L
to ‘ There were two benches and there were tools galoﬂt:
but the benches were littered with débris and the tools
__had long since rusted beyond ‘the possibility of use. ‘ _
’“ Th€j"VCif«létiIfC,Ql3CE was not more than twelve feet square
and it seemed to adjoin ‘another stable. \Over in9one
corner was a desk, and in thepigeon-holes of the desk,
as‘ well as in the‘:-ecess underneath its lid, there were
a many papers and letters. . :

‘ Two windows, high up in the walls, afforded light,

‘‘_What do you make of it, Chick ?”_ asl<ed,Con=ner.  ,1

,.'‘Why, simply‘ thisé Old Hampton twat fond of, tools.

. I have ‘heard, that about him.,,_. This is probably a 
square of a? stable ‘which hqbought of somebody 
«where, hevpretendedsto have a sliop, just to fool 

 

  
 
     
      
    
    
  
   
  

    
   
 
   

  
  
   
   
     

   
   
  
 

    
    
  
        
 

W l

 15?? §!3ll*xl.;°f if’?

 
 
  
 

‘ .»7‘€:«w'h3?s:‘il€,hl§jQ’ﬂhﬂ*‘*cQnfh§&¢a,  secret

  
 

io she

: rlﬁmore,   

r

   

 

  

 NEW NICK‘ CARTER VVEEKLY.

CHAPTER IX.
NICK cum-:a’s REAPPEARANCE.

5 “What are you going to do next?” asked Conner,
er a moment. i
‘The next thing to do is to get out of here.”
Which way? By the way we came ?”
._‘No_t"by any means. Through that door yonder.
use down the trap, Con, and pull that box over it
’, just as it was before I moved it.” .
ey took exceeding care to leave everything in such
condition that if Madam Loyola should think it wise
 ome there again she would not discover that stran-
1 had been at the place during her absence.
Then Chick deftly picked the lock of the door that
-i - upon the street, and presently they stepped out-
er and closed and locked the door after them.
'_£hey were not on Fifth Avenue, but were on a side
not far from it; and as Chick stopped a moment
study the locality he told himself that he had guetsed
T y in regard to the small shop. 
hid evidently been built upon a small square, of
which did not go with any of the‘! surrounding
, and it had aﬁorded..exactly the opportunity
which Hampton had been seeking when he put-
_,  , The only diﬁiculty about it had been the dis-
 it and the bank; but we have alrea seen
overcame; that. V _ ‘
3». C y Chick,” said Conner, as they started away, .“you
V _"_abput_ those, letters andpapers in the desk,
you?” I _
I stuﬂed a lot of them into my pockets. I will
 over at home, at my leisure.”

giv :_shall we go to. now?”

wigbe quite a job for Barnes to ﬁll up that hole.

9

Butlit is  necessary in ﬁll each end of it
,.or stones. »'1‘he rest of it cantake care of.

'\

'. _‘ . . ’ I 
rapidly"to»thebank again and.

entered

,_ does--toﬁnd that  Barnes, withotbers,
.,.vqa:¢317over  entrance tothc vault,

 .' . ' '§.”8"°3t1Y allmléd 3*
 the two , etectives.  ‘ §
 *  his Scotland Yard ‘air.

iu.4.- mm," he said,‘ ‘Tthatf it seems. in-_
-£;:¢qk!?1ctcp§"out, at the‘fr6nt_ door 6f'th‘i;

'  return here through the

em. nt haahefen op» ; “I in are

C
essary for him to place whatever sum he wished to steal
on the proper shelf inside the vault. After that he had
only to come and get it. Do you understand?”

“Perfectly.”

“Or, if he happened to neglect to leave whatever
package he desired in the proper place, a stick with a
hook on the end of it would have enabled him to reach
almost any part of the vault.”

“Certainly, sir. I am greatly indebted to you.
you say my cashier; may I ask-———”

Chick interrupted the ‘banker by taking from his
pocket a thick book, which had once been blank, but

But

which was~now ﬁlled from cover to cover with ﬁne -

writing, and giving it into Mr. Barnes’ hands.

“This book may interest you,” he said. f‘Do you
happen to recognize that handwriting?” .

“Yes, yes, yes! It is Peter Hampton's handwriting!”

“Wasxhe not once your cashier?”

“Yes, for many years; and bookkeeper and teller be-
fore that.”

“If you will look over that journal, which he kept
with such evident care, you will see that it contains an
entire history of the digging of the tunnel. It tells what
days he worked upon it'—or, rather, what days he did
not work upon it~—it tells just how much dirt he re-
moved each time he carried any out; it tells exactly how

the work was consummated; it shows, in fact, that he‘

was exactly twenty years in accomplishing the work.

Twenty years out of the twenty-eight he was in your lb

employ.”
“But why did he never rob the bank himself through
the tunnel?" ‘ \ C
“You will have to answer that question yourself. It
is one of the mysteries of criminology, one which I can-
not explain.” -
“Stran e! Very strange!” -
‘‘I win d like to ask you a question, Mr. Barnes.
“Well, sir?” '
§‘Are you still of the idea that Mr. Carter in any way
abetted the plans of the-——”
“No, no, no, no! Not at all.
him at the very first opportunity that oﬁers, and also to
his assistant. And now, sir, may I ask you a few ques-
tions ?” y_ . . .
‘ “Certainly Anything you likei.” , ‘
"Have you, in your journey, found any trace of -the
burglars ?” ’ . 1*,
' ‘.‘None whatever, air. The tunnel is merely-.,a sort 
'pi-ivate thoroughfare, by which they have been in the
habit of visiting the bank.” C C,  ‘
 they will visit it again?” i C 
A .it.1rei‘y5‘unlil:ely.,_Theymadesnchagohd
haulé thtithere‘ will be no 

a

I shall apologize to. ‘4

 A NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

M ‘Oh, we haven’t used up all of our resources as yet. .

‘There are others.”

‘.‘Might I inquire what they are ?”

"‘Well, sit, for one thing, after hearing all that Mr.
Conner has had to tell mewand I understand that he
received his information from-the assistant to Mr. Car-

;-~gI feel pretty certain about the identity of the

 and that q

, And‘ the stolen money ?’i

“I think we ought, to recover the greater part of that,

1, ‘ow,’ as to the identity of the ‘thieves--may I ask
about that?" ~

base no doubt whatever  my ‘own mind that the

,'s-,—-or-,, rather, the thief, for I regard the other
, W p  aﬁiir as nothingpmore than a tool-I have
 at all that the thief is a woman whomfyou
irnowniof as Madam Loyola. , I could call her by

’ ‘)9

«name. but ‘for obvious reaso

 sir.” _ . p  ~
_ M W .;o§tl1?erone—,—iyou suppose that there are two,
not?--.-what. is the name?” ' ‘ ’ W
‘W rthe~negro." V ’.>-

   est ignores ran? in where you

  i . .
present moment. sir, I have no more idea.
' "inthernoon." ‘  ’ ”

‘ as slesuppoised. Now, Mr. Jones, one more-

‘Conner   into this case. I {feel under’; 7

d%oh1ig9ati”onsl‘to"hiirit',tfor havlnggdone so.” t
ed to ‘hide. asv"smilel’,,which, struggled for

Vcoutinued: . ' ..  ‘ A
* gj tvhatever?;wa§is'aid’ about} rcwardrfor, yon?

' A afte_r'.two'-.or halt-put .la'st,night.C’ 5 . , « ,

ldemaindcd Nick. '

“He is at this moment, I believe, a prisoner in the
hands of the thieves. Somebody summoned him to the
door of the bank during the night. Pepper was thrown
into his face, which effectually blinded him and stran-
gled him. While he was suffering from that the chains
on the door were cut, and he was struck down. I————"

Chick paused suddenly in what he was saying, for at

that moment there was a commotion at the door; and

then Nick Carter himself walked in among them.
He came rather unsteadily, for Patsy was leading him

, by the arm.

There was a white bandage, somewhat stained, over
his head, and another one across his eyes; but he walked

r with the same erect carriage that he always did.

“I cannot see,” he said, as calmly as if nothing had
happened; “lint where is Mr. Barnes?" e

“I am right here, Carter,” replied the banker quickly.

“Tell me what has happened here at the bank, Mr.
Barnes 2;» , ‘ .

“Lint us all go into my private ioﬁice," entreated r

Barnes. “We can talk better there.”
‘Wery good,” said Nick. “Lead the way." '
_z‘ifWill you come, gentlemen ?” asked the banker, look-
ing’ toward Conner and Chick. . 's
“Who. is it that you are ‘asking to come withius?"

“Mr. Conroy Conner, of the central otﬁce, and+——-"W-—”‘

“Hello, Conner! Are you here? i Come along with
us, by all means,” said Nick. V 4 . ‘. ‘ W .

“And a Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard," continued
" ‘T’ O '

M banker;

“I don't know Mr. Jones,” said Nicl{;‘_“but if he is
a friend of Conner’s he is all right." V « ,  W
“Why, he just said that he was a friend of yoursff
~ “Oh,iwe’ll, then he is! How are ‘you, Jones? Prohi-iv
ahly  would knowiyoujif Ipcouldf, see you; those irate
cally pirates threw pepper ingrny eyes, and I’ve gotta

go around blind “for agfew days. Come‘ along." *'

i “ Patsy, who, had recognised‘ Chick on the 
_ i  _ p T I looked, solemnly across at him and winked slyly. i
you a; great‘ deal. and VI  "
. I " I ‘V "  ,4 '

‘TNow., Barnes," said‘Nic_k,. as soon as they was
seated in the private oﬂice, 9‘te1l_me all that 

  replied  

~tr-at w: know; is. the iaaaiiwa. which we.

"Cine ‘hank when it was opened"t§i8;momin¢_.f 

 and   rim of ﬁontcuts.

     
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

 thetime-lock I turned it all theway around, so that
Jrnust have set it for half~past nine to-night, instead
‘_e 9:30 this morning. If I had locked it you couldn’t
 _e gotten into it all day. Now, how much was
 en?” ,

,“Everything in the shape of cash that was in the
 Carter,” said the banker.

 “Gee! Well, if I live, we will get it back, Barnes,
A don’t you forget it!” '

 you, Carter. I believe you will. And now,
_.. I have a confession to make to you.”

 confession? What about?”

5-"About a grievous wrong that I have done you and
_ of your assistants, the one you call Chick.”

 well, that can wait! I want to do a little talking

~ \

———:——-

CHAPTER X.
‘THE IDENTITY OF JONES.

ﬂdnk, perhaps,’f said the banker slowly, “that it
- be well if we should explain to you what has
_ accomplished in your absence. This gentleman
Scotland Yard—Mr. Jones-—-has ﬁiund out con-
, -V ,Mr..Carter.” “

deed! Tell me what it is.”
‘ihlcn. before anybody could, speak in reply to the
- , Nick, wheeled so that he faced the supposed
'. from Scotland Yard, and he said: .
' «n is" the matter with this man from Scotland
I?’ Why doesn't he speak for himself? It strikes
ﬁflsnt I have not heard the sound of his voice since

u the bank-and, as I am unable to see him, it
be a ﬂeasure to me to hear what he has to say.”
up, have remained silent, Mr. Carter,” said Chick

,&knowing that Nick would instantly recognize
‘how, “because I feltthat it would be better for you
the details from others. Although my name
aothiyg to you when it was mentioned a little
"ago, I know that my voice would tell you instantlY‘
am. But I will talk _now, if you wish it.”.
Carter’s lips relaxed into, a smile.
_' Jones!” he said. “Sure I didnot recognize
‘youggo ”a‘ndhcthrusioutl1ia,handto

u again to the banker. “ .

7 mealongwithjones and Conner fora few
iIhopeyou,don’tmind?' Q

;§llkerpissedonttothemainroomofthebank.
   l‘ 3:» V
I  ‘Nut, “tell me what all this

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 perfectlyﬂwell who he was. Then

names," he said, -'1’ would be obliged as you

_,ani' Note: all! cairme when you wa‘nt,

l

21

“It means,'in the first place." replied Chick, “that I
came very near to losing my temper. Barnes telephoned
for me this morning, and I found, when I got here, that
he not only accused you of complicity with the thieves in
robbing the bank, but he regarded me as an accessory
before or after the crime, and he had sworn out a war-
rant for my arrest. Conner had it in his possession to
serve.”

The detective threw back his head and laughed heartily.

“That is the best joke yet!” he exclaimed. “So you
got mad about it, cﬁd you?” .

“Yes.”

“And then I suppose Conner went home with _vou
while you fixed up a disguise, after which you returned
here as the Scotland Yard man. Is that right?”

“It is.”

“Well, never mind what Barnes, said or thought at
the time. He was rattled, I suppose, over the loss of

so much money, and my disappearance on the top of it. '

Tell me what you have discovered.”

Then, as concisely as possible, Chick,» now and then
aided by a suggestion from Conner, related the facts
about the discovery of the tunnel and their trip through
it, after which he produced the letters and papers he
had. taken from the old shop, and read extracts from
them aloud.

The letters and papers, and the journal which he had
already exhibited to Barnes, left no sort of doubt at all
that the digger of the tunnel was Peter Hampton; and
there were many letters among those he had found which

\had been written by his wife, revealing the fact that she
knew all about the tunnel, almost from the beginning.

When the telling of the story and the reading of the
letters was ﬁnished, Nick remained silent for a time;
but at last he said:

“There are now two methods——and two only, as far
as I can see-by which we may hope to get quickly on
the track of Madam Loyola. - I shall follow one of
them, with Patsy to assist me, and you and Conner may
take the other one.” .

“What are they?” asked Chick.

“Yours willbe in reference to the counterfeit bills that
I placﬂd in the Vault. and which I happen to know was
the first money stolen last night. There was a hole in
the steel wall->~—”

“We know all about that, Nick.”

“Well, an arm was thrust through that hole, and-——”

“We guessed that, too.” . -
“Good. Madam swiped that package of counterfeit

'money. Now, listen, before I go ahead with what you

are to do.”
“Yes.” ,
“WhenIrelea.sedherhand,shermisthaveslcipped
baekthroughthattunn¢lforall.shewasworth. I supl

posesherecognizedmyvoioe. Ireuneinbertlutlﬂi

 

    

 3 ' r.

  
 
   
  
 
  
    

3” not seek to disguise it at the time I was talking to her.
She has heard it before, you know.”

“Yes."

she was. In fact, I said something to her which gave
I her the cue; I referred to the nigger.”

“I 

“The consequence was that she realized instantly that
it would be all day with her the moment I got out of
this bank. if she didn’t do something to stop me. Well,
you see, what she did" was this: She got the nigger-
and I think one other, for I am satisﬁed that there were
three of them——and, having provided herself with the
red pepper, they came arou , to the front door of the

 

  

it to be a policeman who had noticed something unusual
about the bank’ andrwas trying to call out the watchman
39 ﬁnd Out what it was.” I
_ ,7 “Yes.” . 1/
l I “The fest was‘ easy. I never thought of the thieves
at an. In fact, if I had thought about it, I would never
have given Madam Loyola credit for sand enough to do
hat she did do. I
‘ ’ “Anyhow, she chucked the pepper in my face, and it
went intomy eyes, up my nose, and down my throat, so
fhatjl wasinot only blinded, but I was strangled and
 as well. I fell to the ﬂoor, for it was as if
’ had been hit with a red-hot club. Then somesort of
club did hit me--and the next thing I knew was -that I
came to my senses and found myself lying on the grass

   

    

  
 
  

 help, and managed» to attract the altention of a park
policeman--for I was in Central Park.
We make 8 long story short, he secured a cab for me,
 I had myself. driven to Doctor Stag, who ﬁxed me
;as best he could, and’ insisted upon my taking an
 and sleeping for awhile. When I, came around
again. Patsy was there, the doctor having sent for him;
and then! came here." .
only wonder is,” said Conner, “that'Loyo_la didn’t
you out of the way entirely.” A ~ K
 didn't have the, nerve to kill me iibcold blood,”
  shehad made the’ big haul from
\ _ bank.  no  believed that she cotm get
  the  hetspoils; lad so snap

  
  
 

  

  

"Well, she tumbled at once to the fact that I knew who .

bank and rapped upon it, kn wing that I would suppose

there}?

ever, that we may get the money back again. There is no A

, F1 was sutfering agony, and I was blind; but I called

Iwife, if all this should come out and be made public,

I . “Why, yes,” replied the detective. “There is one »-

 

NEW ‘NICK CARRTER WEEKLY.

a lot- of money from the bank, and doubtless have mixed
it all up together, it may be that she will try to make
use of one of those particular bills. See ?”
“Yes.” _ ‘ _
“I admit that it isn't likely, because the bills are big e
ones; but there is a chance, and it should not be neg-
lected.” I ’
“No.” .
“So you two are to go to two different telephone ex- 
changes, and from them communicate with the banks, one f,
by one; and if you hear of one of the bills-—fo1low it up. ‘I
I don’t think anything will come of it, however; yet it; ,
must be attended to.” I
“What' are you going to do?” asked’ Chick. T
“I am going to take Patsy yvith me on a little idea of
my own, which may amouht to no more than the one”
I have sent you on. Skip along, now. When you have
finished, go to the house, both of you, and wait for me.

     
       
   
     
      
     
  
 

   
    
 

  
    
      
     

2., Chick and Conner left the bank at once, and as Nick.
was about to do the same, Barnes stopped him.
‘_‘Can you give me any encouragement, Mr. Carter?” 
asked. . 
“Why, not much at the present moment. I think, how

     
  
      
     
     
  
 

doubt, ‘at all who took it.” — — ,
“That is just a point upon which I wished to consult;

you, Carter.” ’
“Well, what do you wish to say about it?”
“You refer to Madam Loyola, of course ?”
“Yes.”
“Have you forgotten that she is my wife's mother ?"1
“No.”

“It would hurt me terribly, and it would about kill

    
     
  
     
   
   

know." ,
The detectivsnodded. ‘ . .
‘‘Isn’t' there something that can be done? I mean
let her escape?” " '

    

   
  

   
  

that can be done-~_we can stop now, right where we 5

and let her and the money, too, go to blazes.”
“But, great Scott! I cannot aﬁord to lose all

money !” i e ‘ I

  

        

   
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
 
   
   
    
   

u

here and,now.” . ~.  e_ 4 ,

“banker sighed; and Nicle,,ad.ded: , I .

before we condoned a fault of this woman’s,”

, “d; “I:- shall not .be a part)_r'to-=doing- it a second
In -  .. ' _ , _ Uh

ery we ,” said the banker, after a long pause.
la has kept her presence in the city a secret from
x L i,‘ and it islikely that} can keep the: whole thing
 D.o:as you -please,:Carter. I;won’t putxa
‘in ‘way. ‘ Now, one thing more.’.’

n-wt - :.. ‘ .  :-   "Q 
ion’: know whether Conner and -Jones told you
Svhttsiaefool Ifmade~.Of,myae1f_.when the robbery
discovered, or_not;:but-'-4’ ..  . »
_ told me all bout it,”,;replied_,Nick-,' “and.-with‘
N 'n‘we  forget all about it. and not men-

yon,'Carter.?.’ _
man you know-as Jones i‘sutetIl1)‘*Chiek..”

5 er  se.e."he

  

 : ‘;;-.137: -.;?;i,;ji: pr» ﬁgs‘? i '
 rewardthatVyou_V.;§:an,give;,hixn will, be :
‘ Now;AI1r"rm‘$t co./."  ..': V . . I . -

_ tellrue where you are ghing; and what you
 M _, g. A  s «.7 . '
" V  Madam--Loyola and confed-
: tom.-y. ?éX,£te—r it is gone, I will tell’ you

w ',»".- vgz   

    

. 1

   
 
  

.   
 the,l_cvss.

 

_ t is 



    

U NEW‘ :"N1c1<. _CARTER_WEEKLY. l . 5

they wills: or V - wash inf... hands of the; whole ;bu_~s_i ~~

‘m§__tn.IF9r a lo

,.

._ aw-i.Y¢“;l.ahd  We $l=.atf.ts.1z.e’ ken =:xe..s°m¢.s¢*§‘  
"°.5f*.¢l?fi°? ..1fer: <?n.Iehh=r.,év€r since .1-Iamnmia 

 Barnes §:aiui;av:ha;.iz;;.wi:gydogc not lmow.th;t_,«Loyola%
i’ ’ i'is“inthe_e,ity 

(.1

hou1e~ad_dress_oig Alexander‘Barnes; then they entered
the vehicle and were driven away. 4 ».
Patsy made no remark until they were well started,
and then he suggested: ‘ I
i“Y.ouvmust be in pain, chief. Don't you think you " 4
could let me do this alone, and you go on home and take 
care of yourself?”
“No, thank you, Patsy,” was the reply. “I appreciate
your motive, but this is something which I will have to
attend to myself. I suppose you have tumbled to the‘
fact that I am going now to interview Mrs. Barnes, win
is Madam Loyola’s daughterl’
-“Yes.” . .
i “Let me tell you something about Mrs. M Barney"
p;.¢sy.»g ', ‘ -  
“Yes.” . ‘ ~ _ - if
“I believe her to be a thoroughly good woman in every 
way; but she is also a woman who is rather too loyal‘
according to her own understandinggof duty. Do you re—.
member the case of her father? VVhen it was supposed.
that he was murdered in the library of his own house?"
“Yes."
V"‘Well, you know it turned out that instead of her
gather being killed at that time, he had killed another
‘ time after that this woman insisted that
the dead man; had‘ beenhet father.. She actually madew
ltersélian accessory to the crime.becau_set- she believed it‘
to be her duty to herffather to do so.” . " .
 “I *€l'ﬂCmb€F." _, T '3 R ‘ i V ‘
“Well;‘now, here is her mother. ' We know that her '1
mother’ ﬂed from her ‘home when Cynthiaf-that is  y _
13_ar“ii_o:‘gr.f;'ialnfié—-lwas achild, and we know that ‘her‘<_:'a~
reer  not  all that it should have been.‘ She was
 in some." way‘ with the pan whom
lciliedgandv now we know that sue’ was all the 
aware of the existence of this tunnel to the vaiultiof the _
 whereyhler-husband worked for so.-many years."
. V."Y'e‘.” I ‘  y', j  , _ .“‘ 2:‘.
f“I  the character of Madam’ Loyola

 
  
    
          
    

  
       
 

4

 
  
   
     

1 

    
 
    
   
 

himselftin  I was aboutito..arnt§t himcj

 
 
 
  

   

1.l;;,.n ; mg; thinlé ham;

 

      

 

NB-W  CAR-TER« WEEKLY.-

N

  
 

‘ 9 _/
V Mr§nBarnes‘is a very  very s‘elf-contained woman. thatcyou have seen yourmother‘ recently, and it is i:n—
- "She is as" uncompromising as 'a sphinx. Understand, portant that I should have her address.”
_ I”l5eliev‘e ‘her to be thoroughly good. I haven't a particle Without a word of reply, Mrs. Barnes left the chair
‘ of doubtof it; but, all "the same, she has the powerx._o'f in which she had’ seated herself, and Nick could hear 
‘keeping to herself what she knows. She can beat any- her moving across the ﬂoor toward the door.’
 ever saw, at that.” ' “One moment, please!” he called after her; but she
‘'50 you don't apprehend that it  be.an easy job,‘ - turned squarely around—l\Iick could hear ‘what she did
 you ?" ' i even if he. could not see—and replied coldly:
“No, I do not. Hello! Are we there?” '3 ““The butler will show you out when you are ready to

     
 

  
     
         
     
    
 

  

"Yes."  go, Mr.’ Carter.” V
_ “Very well. I want you to lead me to the doorand She turned then and left the room; and the detective}
4 then return to the cab and wait for meihere.” ‘ smiled grimly.‘ l

 
  
  
  
   

U When the‘ butler appeared at the door, Nick said to “Good!” he murmured to himself. “It has worked all 2
 ii  r i J . _ right, after "all. She knows that I cannot see, and she wil V
l“You will have to lead me into the parlor’; Cummings. not think that I can have her followed. She will go
I have had an accident to my eyes, and I must keep or she will send a message, to her mother within a few}
, ﬁlcm bandaged for awhile. Thank you." Now. go and minutes after I leave this house, now.”  ‘
 Mrs. Barnes that Mr. Carter’ is here with an im- He left his chair and began to grope his way across"
 niessage from her husband. Say that I- will not the room toward the door, as hersupposed; but for some
,detain her very long.’' i ' ' ‘ l r reason he got mixed on the direction he took, and after
' C It was less than five -minutes after that when Cynthia  a inoment he found‘ himself brushing against a 
_Barneis--once Cynthia/Hampton———came into the room. which he knew to be\exactly at the opposite end of the
 advanced at once to Nick and took his hand: - ~ room from the direction he supposed he had taken. '
‘iwhy, Mr. Carter !”. she said. “I am so sorry.v Do He turned about and retraced his steps, and by feeling
{tells me ‘what has happened,’ and what thf  is. his way, he at last found the door wlhch opened into 

if h§91’5'i~etl1itIg‘"'happeiied‘to‘Alexanders?’ M  ~ hall. 1
“:'No,  wen, Mm B,,,,,,s_ ’  ﬁg,-‘,,,5,, Passing through i/_t~,.and supposing that. Cummings,
  ,’g¢¢id¢nt"§g my ¢y¢s_= *1 have £5 keep ‘ butler, was somewhere at hand, he said:  _i
if wbandagedi  is‘ allfi Howiare you ?” i ' if “Cummings, just help me out of the house, will you?!‘
 well, thank y0:ll.._ Now:‘f!Vhat  the message ?"i There was no reply,’ and Nick repeated the remark.
.  bus“!-KL; Vgghpg you tdgivc him the ‘a¢id,.¢s§N of with he /same result. ‘ i g "1 
.' .  said the detectivepabriuptly; .i C ,_ _ pi’ e knew, 'approximately,‘the location of the balustradeg '
 regretted in that   and he ‘crossed, theihall, reaching out for it; and then,
; ggd  hg  that M155, Ba’;-1333" ‘face just as his hand Afelk upon it, heheard voices fromﬁthe
v 3 perfect-mask. ’ .  ;..  p _ , second ﬂoor; " ~ “’ ‘ '
  agreed. slightly wig,-3' 11¢ putt the ‘ "He~'stopped‘ instantly, to listen, and he could

_,_. and   she  her Breath “Cynthia“Barnes say, in suppressed tones: I
ilbuti shi [at once?  T C.  ‘ '  M V _ K “I don’t knoyv wby'I should have this cross to.
is   1% him,  and to mg...  ‘don't know what you have -done. But this _ 
 "V; 7 Q:   l '2 ’ ” " last timefthat. I will stand Between youand what

  i’   deserye. ’Go~! i"G0’." and ‘never. return.” I A I ‘
ti '  p    .  J    ‘Nick eouldhear steipsdescending’ the stairs.  
C  {ii ‘iii, ,  he that“ he“.could notiescape being seen, ' if
' ’ C’ . lltsctamyladyofawiifited guickty"-andrbegan«groping his waynmﬁ ,

C‘ ‘here  _ " -front door. Then Cynthia's voice came to him?

  
   
    
 

  
     
  

  
  

      
  

    
   
  

   
  
  
    
      
  

    
 
 

  
  
 
   
  

  
  
   
   

     

        
      
  

       
 
 
   

  
     
   

   

   
  

 
      

   
   
    
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

. ',.‘fI supposed that Cummings had already shown
‘from the house. Really, you made . me so an‘.

)9 r _\ 7

It is ,no matter," said» Nick. “_If you will open the

r for_me,rI will go.” -  ~ -.  e ,

t was his intention to give her the idea that he had

‘hcardauvord of what had been said by her at the

of the stairs, and he succeeded.

V stepped past him, and opened the door; then sh¢

ed him gently on the arm to guide him across the

e instant that Nick was outside the doo;-,.he stopped
*and:caHed.fout:    p. '

tsyli Patsy! Come here! Quick!”

y caiie with a bound.‘ ' '

woman, we want is in this house now!” said

and he hel himself in the doorway so that Mrs.

could not Show them‘ out, although she was

.,to do so when Patsy arrived on the scene.

after her i” ordered Nick. “She is in there.
Loyola} Get herl ‘Let nothing or nobody, no

ewho,stopyoul’’~ . 7'. ' . i

had reached the doorway by this time, but as

.. pted to pass,‘ Mrs.= Barnesbarred the way. Stand-

 not close it. \
i i shall not come into this house !’f she cried out.
- on, Pat!” ordered, Nick. ‘«.‘Go through ﬁre and
if needgbe; but get there 1'’ i M
i, dig  wait for further orders. 4'  V V
tprangfprward, and, lifting Mrs, Barnes in his
 putiiher to one sidejas if she were a child; then
_her and upthe sta'irs,_'ifor Nicki had
_  that he should take that direction. ‘
 almost reached thetop of the stairs—.-was, in
“ “ 3,» feW73t¢P=.:l>¢1°W..i*f-W11.’-?3?. he as %“4°‘*~''*‘Y
’ - bye large, handsome wom3n.. Pat mi<_1d1¢
   - Q ', , . ‘
 it éiie. for .°f tie stai!ss.h°r.,'*8h*
 ¢I=$,¢‘*¢i8¢1'°°W3fd1*i“‘~,.%‘.‘dA‘“ h" ‘3"‘7"“i,5.“."‘~‘ Md
 which she pointed. ditestlre at *3‘? bars. I
nah? $'1!=re,>wr*'—*="" sh: . ‘*4 -°°1‘“Y°

K.

  tizewemanrmeaat What

NEW NICK CARTER VWEEKLY.

~ ‘behind Nick, who. was ho}ding7t,l;e.doar so tlﬁt ..

  d  1'

I

25
‘.‘Obey what I tell you, or I will kill you. Come this
way. a step at a time.” She backed a little way from the

top step. “Cpme.to the top of the stairs and go into

that room. ’ If you refuse to———”

Patsy had decided what to do.

Suddenly he made one wild leap upward and forward,
at the same instant the woman ﬁred the revolver, and
Patsy reeled and fell headlong.

As he did that, the woman sprang over him and past .
him down the stairs, and at the same instant Cynthia

. seized Nick Carter by the ‘shoulders and hurled him

backward into the house, so that, blind as hewas, he lost
his balance and fell to the ﬂoor. 4

But he was up again in an instant; not quickly enough,
however, to prevent the ﬂeeing woman to pass him and
to escape through the still open door. *

Nick heard "her as she ran down the front steps; he
also heard Pats , for the lad, only grazed along the
side of the heard by the bullet, had jumped instantly to
his feet and was pursuing the escaping woman.

But in the meantime Cynthia had banged the front

. door shut, and now she stood with her back against it so

that Patsy could not get out.
But he did not wait upon ceremony now. . J.‘

. He seized her and ﬂung her aside none too gently; he
pulled the door open and dashed outside~—~j1ist_in’timeHto
see that Loyola had already leaped inside the cab in which
he and, Nick had come to the house; and thegdriveri
whipped up his horse and sped away, with Patsyin "fail!

. pursuit.

In the meantime, Cynthia had cfuieﬂy Yainted away,
and Nick was groping around to ﬁnd out just what had
happened. ‘ K C 

‘Suddenly he jerked the bandage from his eyes. _

“I'll see,-anyhow!” he exclaimed. “I'll seenow, if 'I
never do again I" C ‘ _

_ He saw Cynthia, unconscious 'on the floor; he saw
Cummings running toward her, and then he dashed out

of the house himself. ‘ ‘ '

C "A grocery delivery-wagon was just passing the door, 7
and up the street, in the act of turning a corner, he could . it
see the cab in which Loyola had taken refuge, while} a 4 ‘
little way behind it was Patsy, running rapidly in pur- 

».Wit§jh‘alf a dozeudeaps, Nick was beside the 
aft12=i::r°s=°=r-*%z°M9dh=ds=*=°d*h°r=*m9W°
.9!¥&*1i:*“hi;47.Y'e   L ~

. 4%.; e - .

       
   

    
 
  

  

, NE-xv NICK
CHAPTER_ x11. .

  

NICK CAR'l'ER’S DESPERATE CHASE.

The cab turﬁed.the corner toward the eastward, and
sopdid Patsy; and a minute later the grocery-wagon
gvyung around after them. V ,
" Patsy was rapidly being distanced, but Nick, with the
‘ grocery-wagon, soon overhauled him, and he shouted out:
A‘ “Climb in here, Patsy!" ' _ ' .
 He slackened _his pace just a little, in order to permit
Patsy an opportunity to comply; and now for the nrst
M vtimeihe spoke to the driver of the wagon. V

 
  
 

i’

   

r 2‘ "You will be well paid for this, my ma," he said.
T‘AI1 you have to do is to keep still and await results. I
Nick Carter.’,’ , - ' .

They were driving eastward at a furious pace, both
horses running, so that people turned to stare at them.
some of them shouting and others i-‘unning into the
atreet tofendeavor to stop the horses, hegieving thatythere

  
  

‘Q3 3 runaway. Q _ » . p .
 Ihey were traveling through Fiftieth Street,,towarti
Third ‘Avenue, now, and Nick had already discovered
that the ab horse was a better one than he was driying
 Still. he hoped that -a policeman‘ would hold
W ﬁteeah before it had gone verryrfar.  , 
shot. was is apt to be thiacasle, 1’?ho‘p$ii¢;man,3wa§n’t
 exactly when he was most needed; and  cesixft
 that ﬁn: Fosrfh Avenue; aacf
W *9?’ *‘?*1*.°¢,a? *15=..5t3i_rWay., to the Elevated

   
 
  

    

  

 
 

 

- — _ 93'.  9: d9‘5'¥!:
 aim shew at

‘wt .  .  iiiétsr
;    ‘even V  "ft the "woman

  

 
   
   
 

CL~\‘R’flZRi VVEEKLY.

without once. l1¢§n8,;i!lt°t;§e¥e4

$2 .’ ‘” —. p.  = J ,7‘.»’  -    .7;
5°53! W :the,_  olsap f_r<.m_r».;the .

is deft Tattiioiigb t:ia:e.£m a‘cbama.'tbat’ahoiiaigbiy :';,;,,,i,°' d°.,gg- y _ _ , ,,
. -\:  4 - -u   .;,»,'.:_~;-   ‘,“,~"'gT”"".\‘ .,z_ p or «I- ’<.  '7    ,; i , = . i
” i  -~ ‘   1 e’  ' . y.,_.§.I2on~t.~_v9rryaboutspeﬁ‘rcpliedthe

 5*'*:°*-  « ; 
i    -i:6«w st» that -wrw  t c
‘   ‘ht;P7%“9Si?‘;?‘,§'?“li‘¥§€‘5?ii5Pﬁ*”1il?°~““*!§?""‘ “
:  4

 

 
  
   

was alone, and Nickcalled out to him, so lustilytltat
the man brought his machine to a halt.

“Pay this fellow fpr his -wagon, Pat,” Nick called out; p,
and then he took a ﬂying leap over the dashboard to 
the ground,_an_d, with half a dozen more, he was in the 4":
automobile‘ beside the strange chauffeur. ' ’,_.

-‘+‘I am Nick Carter,” he gasped. “I "want you to help’. i‘
me outépleasel See it you ‘can béat that Ltrain over our
heads to the Forty—secondi Street station. I want 
catch somebody who ‘is aboard of it. in pay all dam’-Q
ages=and*ﬁnes..”  ‘ l» - I 1 , ‘

. it so happened that the avenue was comparatively clear.»
of vehicles; there was,‘ in fact, a clear. track ahead of
them ;_and the chatrtfeur; withouta word in reply, opeaedi,
up his machineﬁso that they shot ahead much faster
than the law allowed. _ ‘

’The best speedoi the elevated trains between stations
never exiceedsl-twenty miles an hour, {xiii it is only.n1igiv
way between them that they attain that much; the 
parts or thedistances are consumed in gathering and 
lessening the headway. ; ,

 ‘ On’the other hand; the-automobile shot forward,’ 
{in an-imtantihad attained 'a much greater rate of speed
\_tl1an“__that;‘an‘ii the result was that they were ahead ._
7:5; train above them before half theidistance was c
 " ’ ~ A,- I '
’  ;,Aa¢1~iso,:;iey’ sped onward to,F_ox-ty-second Street,
policemen vandothers shouting at them;

Butthey pagidno attention ;.Nick only saying 
to the/driver of the automobile: k it ~ - >7
Jl.f;}_l\e§hen_ we get to/the‘ station, I will leap out and 
tap _the(lst’airs, You willprobably be arrested’ for speeds:
A. ﬂ,.‘."°.“8il. ‘he .“Y‘?“‘3°~.§~vH Y0‘-1 ’3"¢-i °"P‘13i“»5°i-V rt
sergeant at the station wh you did it, and ask 
't_eleQhone.to my house  me.‘ It won't be very‘ 
  there. . Aﬁy!!_0“{. the S=r8¢3nt_=

s¢ﬁ3[iv9u .#'r°,lwdf'*€? ‘=3?  with #1 °""*°=r.}yif  ' a

 
  
       
  

  
      
     
      
  
   

    
   
     
   

   
  

 
     
   
    
    
   
   

.;_

    
    

    
       
 
  

   
  
    
  
  
 

   
     
   
  

   
 
 

  yew:-d the am who   

  
 
 
  
 

'1

    
 
 

 in 

  

    
   
    
 
 
   
  
   
  
    
 
  
    
   
  
    
   
 

who leftthe cars until he was satisﬁed that Loyola
‘not iamiohg/them. And then, as the train started
u "again, he stepped aboard. V

-),  as he glanced inside, he saw Madam Loyola
 - - in the last car. , '

‘She had made no attempt at a disguise ;- and now, as
looked at her, she seemed perfectly cool and col-
; as if nothing had_happened in the last few mo-
to disturb her seren'ity._ ’ ~
.he’d have gotten clear away’ ‘tom me only for that
,” muttered. the detective, to himself. “These band-
over my/head are as good was a disguise,” he added,
'g to the ones he had not removed when he under-
the chase"; “and besides,‘ it would never occur to
;tbht..I'-éconld catch this train. She thinks that she
' outwitted me.” - ‘

" was in doubt whetherto arrest her at once, or to
gostill farther, and follow her, but he ﬁnally de-
v  latter ,course, for the reason that he wished
lead him to the p1a\oe where she had concealed the
she had stolen. ' 4 an ,

~'~knew that she. could not have -it about«~het- per-
: leastﬁit was not at-all likely that she was carry-
  -pquite likely, considering the fact that’ she

as her way now tocarry them into eﬁect.

 
 
 
 

and waited. a . A

 W33 one that was bound ‘to South Ferry,
} V  did‘-not move from her seat until
‘rounded the last curve and’ pulled, in‘ at that

,”

  

  
  

 Nick so’ closely’: that he could have
 ‘ha’d_i'hé‘7cared‘to  did she even so
an glance.-,_at him. but continued on her way with
,heIdghigh—rthe_ﬁlast,oneliu all that group whom
Z  selected as‘_'_a,f‘ia‘§itive from  '
nqanggd”   and’“descended_
z_eeveesing"thc'_—1o;ag,:ge,i_‘iery, which Ieids to
,. f§°tit'h 13r¢¢l‘1'¥“.- ‘Few 

  

  
  
   
   
 

 

, h'elpless_iu the park’tha1:mori1ing, thatrshe‘
ready laid her plans’ for vescapingreirom the city,

ii remained on the platform.of the car with the _

   aha wdlked deliberately from’ -

E}  1io.'d«=.98ttaefi¥1<1 »

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 27

not once glance in his direction; and on the Brooklyn
side she walked deliberately ashore and then turned
‘southward toward Bushes’ Stores.

She threaded her way among the drays and along the
docks as if she was perfectly familiar with the route, and
at last she turned out upon a long pier beside which two
vessels, of the tramp-steamer variety, were lying.

“I thought so,” said the detective to himself.
has arranged for passage on one of them.”

, She’ had actually mounted the gangway—plank to the
deck of one of them before she became aware that some-

" body was following; but as soon as she was on the deck,
she turned——and thenifor the first time she recognized
Nick Carter. L ‘

She flushed and then she paled. Then she compressed
her lips and tried to smile.

“So,” she said. “It is you, is it?"

“Yes, madam,” replied Nick quietly.

'She» took one quick step backward and whipped out
the revolver with which she had so nearly done for
Patsy, and with a quick movement for which Nick would
not have given her credit, she raised it and pulled the
trigger.

This was one of the times when Nick Carter's luck!
stood by him, for the pistol did not go off ; the cartridge
did not explode. If it had, Nick would have been
wounded, certainly. S

“She

‘   darted forward, even as she pulled the trigger, and
knocked the weapon from ’her grasp;'ar:d at the same
‘instant she leaped away out of his reach and darted
'\,_toward the cabin, with Nick in hot pursuit.

_How it was_ that she managed to elude him, Nick

. could not have told; but that she did so and with ap-

parent case was true.

The ship‘ was lying with its stern ‘toward the open
river, and she ran to the tatfrail with the speed of a
fawn. S.
she laughed as she did so, again poising the pistol in‘,
her grasp, but this ‘time with the muzzle turned against?‘
herself. - e , ‘J     ‘E
,4 . “I will never.be taken alive,’ she said; but wide,“
not stop inphis advance uponher. He thought helﬂ.
reason to believe that there was not another load 
‘ In this thought he was, however. mistaken,-as 

There, ior due instant, she turned and faced him, and A .-

 

       
 
      
     
        
     
   
 
   
   

     
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 

28

  

Loyola.

. NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

The woman leaped upon the rail, and as her body
poised there for an instant, and just as the detective
reached out to seize her, she pulled the trigger.

The report followed; and the woman, with a loud cry,
‘ plunged from the rail into the water, and disappeared.

. At the’ same instant there was another cry from be-
?‘hind the detective, and he wheeled just in time to avoid
a crazed attack from the big negro, who was rushing
forward to the aid of his mistressj and as Nick dodged
aside, the negro, unable to stop in his onward career,
tripped and fell over the rail into the water after. Madam ,

L, Slle was quite dead when they ﬁshed her from the
water, for the bullet had been well aimed; it had pierced
M _ her heart. _ . .
i The body of Preston, who was drowned, was not re-
coyered until almost an hour later.

I

And the money that had been stolen? Every dollar
of it was found neatly packed in a dress~suit case in
the cabin that Madam Loyola had engaged for the
voyage to Buenos Ayres.

*

* *

Just one more word.

When Nick returned the money to the banker, and re-
lated to him all that had happened, he also consented to
allow the conclusion off the affair to remain a secret from

I

the public. ‘

Mrs. Barnes, later, sent the detectivela letter of apol- ’ ‘

ogy for the -part she had played in the episode, but
Nick never thought it necessary to reply.

THE END. 2

The next number of this weekly ( 523) will contain

"The Man in the Doorway; or, ‘Nick Carter's Conquest 

of a Castle.” ’:'rm"'/‘ 3‘? 0 "

  

 

' Frank's adventures. In every case we are obliged to reply that numbers 1 to ‘300 are entirely out of
to all the attention of our readers to the fact that the Frank Merriwell Stories now_ beinglixublishe

_ ‘ nun-men. Tbennt book to appear was No.1mentit1ed ' r
We give herewith a com lete list of II} stories that have been published in book form up _
and I ﬁne camp a analogue or the menu Library which II inst filled with good things for boyl, upon receipt oi none-

Xedel

ABOUT rue EARLY

theory on inclueive of these early

   

cent stamp to cover postage.

—

'25”:-Frank
. M Frank

MEDAL LIBRARY

229-17:-arilc Me

240-‘
244-——Fnnlc

erriwellk

AT 10 CENTS

1 :36--Frank Men-iwell': Sclioeldnyt.
’ 1'6 Frank Merriwell’s Chums.
3 Frank Merriwell‘s Foes.‘
:84u—Frank Mcrriwell’s Trip West.
18o—Frank Merriwell Down South.
193-Frank Men-iwell's Bravery.
I97--Frank Merriwell's Hunting
aux--Frank Merrlwell in
ms-—Ftatik Merriwell at Yale.
any--Frank Merriwell‘s Sports Aﬁcld.
2x3—-Frank Mei-riwell’s Races.
217--Funk Memwelra Bicycle Tour.
use--Frank Mei-riwell'n IC)ou3'age. .
airing.
233a-—Franl: Men-iwell’s Athletes.
237-«Frank Merr'iwell’s Skill.
Frank Merriwellk Champions.
Return to Yale.
» erriwelru, Scent. =

*' ell’ D .
M°i»i1§eir:. “Ti;

rriwell’s

Q ‘T cl «in

e .
:1..:.§Ft=ol¢M 1. .
'  !’mil:~ ’ _ ell’: Vacation,
' .~‘4’d7h-F , . ‘well’: ' _ ‘

‘T37!- " emwell':,

well:

Europe.

f

Tour.

TIP

_ I receive hundred: of letters every week from readers sexing it we can supply the early numbers of Tip To containing

_ NUMBERS OF THE
‘ I.
. use to

   
    

rim. 1: would like
in book form in the
uni: Mernwolvn Schooldayg

to the time or writing. We wil

in
MEDAL LIBRARY
AT [0 CENTS

aga--Frank Merriwclrs Hard Luck.
296——Frank MeI'iwell’s Protégé.
3o0—Frank Merriwell on the Road.
3o4——Frank,Merriwell’s Own Company.
3o8—-Frank Merriwell’s Fame.
319-—Frank Merriwell’s Colle e Chums.
3i6~—-Frank MerriweIl’s Prob em.
320-Frank Mei-riwell’s Fortune.
324—Frank Merriwell’s New Comedian.
328-—Frank Merriwell’s Prosperity. ,
332-—Franl< Merriwell’s Stage Hit.
336--Frank Mei-rlwell's Great Scheme.
34o——Frank Merriwell in England.
344-Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards.
348--Frank Merriwell'9 Duel.
352--Frank Merriwell’s Double Shot.
3s6—Franl: Merriwell’s Baseball Victor-loo.
359—Frank Merriwell's Conﬁdence.

, 362--Franl:-Mari-lwcll's Auto. , '

—Franls Merriw¢ll’s Fun. “

, Frank Merriwell's Generosity.
371—Fnrik ¢rri.w¢ll's riekn. "
374--Frank. erriwcll's emptation.
.377--Frank Mevrlwell on Top.

A1‘ ll carts. (Increased Ilsa

Mn : le.' ‘ ~ .
Opportunity.

R  urn.

    

‘N Pitdblildhﬂfs, « N

38o—~1l‘;‘raril¢ gerriwellzs Luck. ' ‘N ?
»,‘‘§3‘..''r§§‘& Miiilﬁixivi iz‘e"€°.3'.i ' ‘
389-—Frank Mei-riwell’| Phantom» ‘ 1

aw ,v‘oiut pcrrir  l 

 
 

  

 

 

        
       
       
     
       
     
       
     
  
  

  

I   he Nick Carter Weekly

UED EVERY anunnav.

‘ZIC

  
 
 
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
       
   
   
  
   
 

‘with all kinds of criminals.

W’ O35.

HERE Aﬁﬁ rue

‘A the'Sccnos. ’
". A Letter From the Dead got, Nick Carter’: Proud-
est Moment. _ , '

‘ Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick

Carter’: Amazing Experirncnt. P

. The Gentleman Crook’: Last‘e.Act; or, Nick Carter

A and the Haunted“ House. .

The “Skidoo” of the K. U. 8: TA 01'. Nick Carter‘:

Great Train Robbery Case.

The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter

"‘ Sta pad the “Cannon-ball.” ‘
Nick rter’s Twin Mystery; or. TIIC 5¢C1‘¢f 0f ‘C113

‘Green Automobile. _ _ '

. It A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’: Fight for Info.

’ A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter’s Fight

. ‘With a Fiend. ‘ .

odman the Poisoner; or, Nick Cartcr’s Strangest
«Experience. , I -

 breadth Escape. V

;.IThe,Mechanical Giant; or, Tenelchi Plays at Lone

 Hana; . ; ~

< Donia, the Unlnawn; or, Nick Carter’s Blindfold
‘Mystery.’ - .' , V . A

\

-,—-,The Man‘ of yMa_ny_ Faces; or, Nick CarterVBehind.

‘me. not ¢f.the, Poisoner; or, Nick Caz-ter’s Hair--

HANDSOMEST OOLORED OOVERS

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
, . Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

, That’s why,’ boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
 cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up—he does not need it
he uses his wits. A Do not fail to get the latest number from . your

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

FR all by all newsdoalors, or sent, lay the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps
I a

;i
I

LATEST TITLES:

5x8—A lgangerous Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a
l‘lSlS.

i519——Madge .\lorley’s Ghost; or, Nick Carter’s Des-

perate Fight.

520-—An Automobile .\I_vstery; or, Nick Carter’s Blood-
hound on the Scent.

52I—The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Com-
plex Case. '

522——The White Arm of a Woman; or, Nick Carter’:
Desperate Chase. .

523—The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's C011!
quest of 21 Castle.

524-—-The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter’s Telling
Strategy.

5:25-—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter’s Perfect Disguise.

526-—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong—hand
Pl

ay.

527--Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick’ Carter's Motor-
boat Chase.

528-—Claricc, the Woman Detective ;' or, Nick Carter’:
Titled Assistant. ‘

529—Tl1e Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City.

530--An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a
Gladiator.

    
  
 
 

Tj»
g.._

   

 

Noo..’.. ..... .... .....  ......... ... .... ..

 

our lbnrlunndesnnotptocurothontnamnauud en, the

- I ..;"'.'§""°‘ lnuuwuuugipuoarnouoouyousizisuaviowmaneuemwyouuynuu9%‘V'V

*1? ' I
T, I

3  ‘ I In ﬁvgjth Arum. Nev York 0131. .;......u...... ......................... .........1” .
"    nna.............oun torwhlahplauelltdno:  Y. _ ‘ -— »
qjuwg , 2, 1Iou.......; .................... ... ............. ..eopIeldﬂEAl.O lot. .................... ... ........ ....;.

V V; P . ..... .. ~ ’ -nun am now N00. ........................ 

 

 

 

  

 BRAVE AND 301.1)

 

ISSUED EVERY WEDNESDAY.’

 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

*7

There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
characters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these
fellows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD.

Each story is full 3o,ooo words in length and is [complete in itself,

Don't miss these.

 

 

having no connection with any that went before or will come after.

PRICE FIFE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all nemdeelere, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 
 

Q-Qiti Conway‘; White Clue; or, Trailing the'Diamond
" . fters. By Inspector Robert Barnes.
I3--Tracked Across Europe; or, The Clue of the Moving
fl’lC(t:l:)lI’eS. dBy hwgna Vghite, _II:r. h f F
I39-Coo ora 0; or. w oy's ig t or ortune. B
Albert w.- Aiken. - ’'
l9O--Captam Mystery; or, The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By
_ Herbert Bellwood.
191-Silver Sallie; or, The Three Queer Pards of Poker Pocket.
Bag). C. Cowdrick. »
I9:-—The ch Raiders; or,’Secret of the Golden Dagger. By
Capt. Hal Hazelton.
!m—-A Baptism of Fire; or, At the Front With the Japs. By
’ TheM§i»kdDai~im cl Sb 5 k Do b D 1
394-. r er oma ; or, arper to es’ u le ea. By
 Herbert Bellwood.
" _ I95-Merit_Mallory’s Struggle: or, Friends and Foes At West
f r. ‘ Point. By Lieut. Fred Garrison, U. S. A.
:5 lﬁ-A Stran Clue‘, or, The Sharks and Sharps of New York.
* By IIIICS Fisk.
‘ M7-—Ranch_Bob; or, The Boy Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard

.-. Traill. .
Cﬂ-—The Electric Wizard; or, Through Air and Water to the
’ m——BobP°lii Bsli ii<'i§"°" B311 ' D bl M B
I .te a ;or ovmga one yste.
Richard Hackstoﬁ. ' W Y
'%--Youn Giants of the Gridiron; or, Fighting For the Foot-
bal Pennant- By Frank Merriwell.
ﬂﬂtt--Dick Ellis, the Nighthawk Reporter; or, The Biggest News
. “Beat” on Record. By Robert Reid. W
, @—-"Pete. the Breaker Boy; or, The Young Coal Mine Ferret.
By Richard Hackstaﬁ.

 

 

I:

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES":

203-—Young Maverick, the Boy From Nowhere; or, The Ten-
derfoot Oil King of Texas. By Sam Rusher.

204—Tom, the Mystery Boy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow.
By Robert Reid.

2o5—Footlight Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star.
Henry Abbott.

2o6——Thc Sky Smugglers; or, Gordon Keith's Great Balloon
Chase. By Lawrence White, Jr.

207—Bart Benner’s Mine; or, The Boy Who Got There. By
Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry.

208——The Young Ranchman; or, Bart Benner Going It Alone.
By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.”

209—Bart Benner’s Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter of
the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.”

2:0-Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost Wild
Animal Taker. By Lawrence White, Jr.

21 I—-—Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.
By Herbert Bellwood.

212-Under False Colors; or, Dick Dangerﬁeld's Mystery. By
Police Captain Manning.

2r3—Bags, the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. By
Richard Hackstaﬁ. ~

214-On the Pampas; or, A Strange Chase Across South Amer-
ica. By Lawrence White, Jr.

215-—The Crimson Clue; or, Dick Dangerﬁeld's Mission. By
Police Captain Manning.

216»-At the Red Horse; or, Herr Driesbach, the Lion King. By

,' Charles H. Day. '
2I7—Riﬁe and Rod; or, A Cruise Down the Lake. By J. M.

M 11.
218-—Pardse;”i)r, Comrades for Life. By Colonel Prentiss In-
graham

By Manager

__IT I

i A VAIIAIY lUI3lIlo! 1 luleanntreenretb emu vndeiu the boimiueon-emtnuoainaabeo.
 In $  l)‘lI‘lIXMI°l1NdED?,l:HW”lll with tliepprtoe or ttigiboounyeou wmzﬂahd wye.I.vii11 neiid them to you by return null.

“'3 '
XII! O IVER. Pehllnlnn. 70 seventh Avenue, New York City.

Goutluen 9-lnoloeed  ..... "cents for which please lend me:

Ioe......................................

...... ..eopteIot BUFFALO BILL
" “ BRAVE AND BOLD Noe. .................. ..

uuonoce

 

 

 

  

_ﬂE R0llGﬂiRlDER WEEKLY

   
   
 
   

95 UED EVERY MONDAY.

 . he upholds the title.

HANDSOME COLORED COVER

Ted Strong wants to make your acquaintance, boys, and we are
nvinced that you will be proud to have him as a friend. The
,. es of .his , adventures among the cowboys are full of fascinating
igterest. He is known to every one as “King of the Wild West”

PRICE FIVE cEN'rs PER copv

For sale by all newsdealm, or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt at price In money or postage stamps

 

i
‘W

   
 
   
  
  
  
      
     
 
  
      
  
       
  

King of the Wild West’s Helping Hand; or, Stella,
4, v the Girl Range-rider.
Kin of the Wild West’s Buckskin Guide; or,
' Stella at the Grand Round-up.
King of the Wild West’s Strategy; or, Stella's
Trick Pony. -
King of the Wild West’s Tangled Trail; or, The
: Disappearance of Stella.
iKin of the Wild West’s Long Ride; or, Stella
“ East on the Red Mesa.
i.King' of the Wild West’s Phantom; or, Stella in
Danger. '
' the Wild West’s Broncho-busters; or,
’ t teIla’s Fort in the Coulée.
 of the. Wild West’s Corral; or, How Stella
rought the Warning.
 of the tWild West’s Tenderfoot Pard; or,
"  Stella's Surprise Party. . W
King of the Wild West's Night Wrangler: 01'»
 ' What Happened to Stella.
‘ »-_- of the Wild West’s Outlaw; or. Stella to the
' escue.
’ ing of the Wild West at the Throttle; or, Stella
’ ~ in the’ Flames. , _
» Kin of the Wild West's Trail; or, Stella Finds
'  I » in Blue. .

  

   
  

 
  

‘ ’ uevedeel
 _ g-ﬁe‘; 5:;-.,:'=.:.‘:.'_.g§.;;.l.rt*:'.?'h'aP"&.".:.e:.“t.'.?a: .... ...t‘*...*'..'.':'l.':..°l":'::.: .':°;'..‘t.': $73
 mm fig hyonm ‘ygnno, HQV York OH’. ooou--¢n.........u--o-..n---.a--un-.3¢u¢..u1” '
’ Gentleman :-Bnplolod ﬁnd .......... ..oento tor Vhldh phatl IOIHI D0 3 ' . ' ‘.
.. . . . - - o p - o o o - - . . . - . . . . . . . ..oophlofl|JPPALO  N0‘. ........................ no--u-cog “r
gg.,,,_,,,,,,, .................... .. " “BRAVE AND BOLD Nos .............. ... ............... ...oou'
...... .. " -* Itouau RIDER E no-...................................... . é _=

 

  

  
 

. - - - o . . . . . . . ..

' 2loe......>..,._.

  

uuuuuuuuuuu Io

WHERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

137—King of the Wild West’s Race; or, Stella Among i

the Seris.

I38—King of the \\'ild \Vest’s Fire-signal; or, How

Stella Foiled the Marautlers.

I39--King of the Wild West Rides the Line; or, Stella
Saves Old Glory.

140-King of the Wild \Vest’s Treasure; or, Stella on
the VValls of Montezuma.

I4I——King of the Wild West's Totem; or, Stella Makes
a New Maxim.

142-—King of the Wild West on the Box; or, Stella in

the Mountains.
I43—King of the Wild West's Slick Trick; or, Stella
Buys a Town. '

.I44—King of the Wild West on Vanishing Island ; or,

Stella Solves an Enigma. _
    
I46-—Kln§t‘?aft;l;eenV1\.7lld West’s Broken (‘inch; or, Stella's
147-Kin¥mo‘fS ttliiee \Tl§;itl)<1ieSWest’s Iron Box; or, Stella
I48-Kitl‘,:,rN(:)f il’Il:n\,:l°{(‘1a3g'?'St’S Lost Brand; or, Stella in

149-—King of the Wild West’s Snow Camp; or, Stella

Lost in the Wilderness.

\

 

 .l. .....sn-A

     

 Lamas e:.za".°a:a 52" '.e"""'r:*.s.-were ** w I" '1

  

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every p

pumio mu. STORIES

BEAUTIFUL OOLORED COVERS

one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West.

Boys, if you want tales of the West that are”

drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE

276—BuEalo Bill Running the Gantlet ; or, The Wolves
of the Emigrant Trail. i

377-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Leap in the Dark; or, The Outcast
of Santibell. ‘

278-Buffalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Mahoe.

279-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
up in Hidden Valley.

280--Buffalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble
Pricking.

28!-—Butfalo Bill’s Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance
of Alkali Pete.

lV 38a~—BuEalo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of

Snake River Crossing.
383—-Buffalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of
the Bitter Root.

I 384--—Buﬂ'alo Bill's Secret Foe; or, The Wizard of Windy

' Gulch. I
285--Buffalo Bill’s Master-stroke; or, The Specter of
Death Valley.
a7B6——Buﬁalo Bill _and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
John, the Half-breed.

.3874--Buffalo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone

Star Outlaws.

I 288-—ButTalo Bill’s Dance of Death; or, The Night

Hawks of Snake River.
389-u-Buffalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
Black Spider of the Shoshones. ._

IIYOVWAIILXYQLOK

III!!!‘ C; llﬂl. Publishers. ‘ID Seventh Avenue. New York city.
“ Genﬂuua :—Ineloud and .......... "cent: to: which please send me:

LATEST TITLES:

29o——Buﬂ‘alo Bill and the‘ Brand of Cain; or, The “fan-
dering Jew of the Plains.

291-Buffalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The
Redskin Rovers.

292-Buffalo Bill’s Medicine-lodge; or, The White
Queen of the Kickapoos.

293—Buﬁalo Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons of
the Niohrarah.

294—Buﬁalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, \Volfer Joe on
the War-path.

295—Buﬁal0 Bill in the Death Desert; or, The W'orship
of the Phantom Flower.

296——Buﬂfalo Bill in No Man's Land; or, The Sky-min
ror of the Panhandle.

297——ButTalo Bill's Border Ruﬁﬁans; or, The Desperate
Game of Panther Pete.

298-Buﬁalo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Timbuctoo.

299-——Bui¥alo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
Round-Robin Ranch. ‘

300-Buffalo Bill's Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the
Niobrarah.

301--Buffalo Bill's Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black
Riﬂe.

3o2——Bui¥alo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White

\ Flower of Fetterman Prairie.

303-Buffalo Bill and the White Specter; or, The Mys-

teriou’s Medicine-man of Spirit Lake.

j I

:35 of guum-ulu gun at procure then: from newedeelen. they on be obtained tron: this once dlreql.
the price or the books you went and we will send them to you by return mu.

................................................ ..190
...... ..copleeot BUFFALO BILL 4!¢oe......................................
...... .. -- “BRAVE AND BOLD l¢oI.......................................
....... .. “ "ROUOIIRIXR Ros.....................................-‘
Town. .... ..

 

- “sum ................  7

    

OF

THE FAVORITE LIST

FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

      

 
 
  

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

  

    
   
    

 

 

 

RIDER WEEKLY

i Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
‘ shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
'' authority and rid his ranch of some very
tough bullies. He does it in such a slick
i way that everyone calls him “King of the
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. $100 in cash are given to the readers
of this publication, every three months.
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share of it.

IGT AND MAIN

 These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeedec in
climbing the ladder of fame .»y
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary five-
cent library.

  

 

   

 

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who prefers variety   if
in his reading matter, ought to  _y__
be a reader of Brave and Bold.  if I i

All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys’ stories. Every
tale is complete in itself.

DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

        
     
     
         
      
    

 

The demand for stirring stories
of Western adventure is admir-
ably tilled by this library. Every

up-to-date boy ought to read just i

how law and order are estab-
lished and maintained on our
Westernplains by Diamond Dick,
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

 

       
         
 
    

 

BUFFALO BILL STORIES


V Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
"1 thousand exciting adventures
5 among the Redskins.
it given to our boys only in the
in Buffalo Bill Stories. They are
bound to interest and please you.

  

   

These are

 

   

BOWERY BOY LI

 

The adventures of a poor waif    " ’ ‘

whose only name is “Bowery
Billy." Billy is the true product
of the streets of New York. No
boy can read the tales of his trials

  
     
     

"without imbibing some of that   .
resource and courage that makes 

    
   

 

 

the character ofthis homeless boy 

stand out so prominently.

   
  
 

consequences. Get the current number.

   

The Tip Top'Weekl>'

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
We are sure you will like it.

They are

gran :  

 
 
 
 
     
    
  
   

  
 

av‘...

 
   
 

.3

 

.. «_ «:1 ,

