BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No_ 933 AUGUST 1, 1924 Price8Cents

FIIIEHIIITIIIEIEEILY.

§'Tf@1?8UE$ @115‘
E3@v§ ‘TFIH]A‘TF MAKE M@NL:‘nr..

TWE R@A@ ‘m §MJ@[E3E§§‘{2  
oR,THE BAREER [IFA FDRTUNATE BUY Miizr-worm

./ma 07/ran Srop/as

   
   

 

 

 ~; =.1~ __ ¢.=‘:".;‘. 222 . V .
Just as Joe raised lid or tho‘ so. an ‘sounded a quick footfa " ehind the boys. Glancin;
up. they as he stations Frenchman with a. heavy came in his hand. Pointing
at box. he exclaimed. harshly: “That. ea‘: mine!"

,;4..'n,

       

    

   

ad Street. New York, N. Y.

FAME AND FORTU

. 1 rl. .oo :c d. .50:Frel:n. 
"ﬂied '°°“'1'y'f.'.'b'°'m on ' ce “ per ’eul.l.‘nt.e‘n:d‘ :a“Second?Claas the e
be Pout-Oﬂlce at New York, N. 1.. under the Act of In

 

 

 
 
   
   
       
  

No. 983 NEW YORK, AUGUST 1, 1924 J.’  ’_ [
P ' . V ’o¢'v‘/@“.'o a J‘
' '4‘ "Cr 5'7-
The Road To uccess “’%gj;c>.,;'<‘>~
 . V ‘k
 ._ OR, THE CAREER OF A FORTUNATE BOY '
i By §sia_Lr-MAnE M~_.§i~i.~

' CHAPTER I.—’-The Mysterious Frenchman.

“Look yonder, Sam,” cried Joe Page, suddenly
— * clutching his companion byxthe arm and pointing
at the wreck of an old stone house which loomed
up grim and ghostly in the pale moonlight in_the
_»,, adjoining ﬁeld; “there it is again;-the same light
I saw moving around there last night from the
 of my room when I was going to bed.”
‘I see it," replied’ his friend Sam Parsons.
‘—‘ There's somebody nosing around that old build-
ing with a lantern. Do you think it can be John,
em hired man, looking for something he lost?"

“No,” answered Joe. in a decided _tone. “it isn't
Olin, for I spoke to him this morning about the
. light I saw there last night, and asked him if it
iwas he that was poking around the old ruin, and
1 said no.”
“Then who can it be? No stranger‘ has any
‘(right on your property. _Then, what obiect c_ould
aigatranger have in rying around an old, dilap-
idﬁed building like t at, especially at this hour
_o:f—the night?"
,-' ."Aak me something easier, Sam. Let's go over
‘ ‘see who ifis, anyway.’
 9'vI'In with you. We'd better carry a club apiece
to ‘protect ourselves in case the stranger should
tI:I"n,cmt to be some pugnacious tramp inclined to
uiauit our interference." _
The-two boys were leaning over the side ve-
randa rail of the Page farmhouse. which stood
back some distance from the country mad. Both
 unconimon1y_b1-ight-lookinz b°YS. about Sig!-
 'years of age,.without a speck of hay_see‘d in
’ '1' make-up, although they had been raised on
' ‘ 1- County farms. The Page farni was sit-
about a mile from Pembrook village. It
rised about ninety acres, of which sixty were
le for tillage, the remainder being about
- w - ‘divided between woodland and pasture.
_ with the assistance of a hired man named
- Jones, ran the farm for his mother, W110 _W35
. v e, _ He had three sisters--.-nice. industrious
‘ who were a great helpgaboutthe place: 881
~  e summer. when Mrs. Page took a
M» tfroin  Yorkcity. Sam Parsons.
- v~ r-‘crony, lived half a mile further
 He had ‘a hither. lnother and
. ‘ n W I ‘

   
   
   
     
   
  
    
  
    
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
   

 

   

 

 

     

one sister, and his folks also took in boarders
during the summer season.

The Page property had once upon a time been
two separate farms, divided by a rail fence.
Farmer Page, a year before his death, bought the
adjoining farm, on which stood an old stone house,
a relic of Revolutionary days, for fifty dollars an
acre, or seventeen hundred and ﬁfty dollars for
the thirty acres, paying ﬁve hundred and ﬁfty
dollars cash and giving a ﬂat mortgage on the

combined property for twelve hundred dollars to '

Squire Dalton, the village lawyer. The stone
house in question, which stood near the dividing
fence, was little better than an antique ruin, and
within the last week or ‘two Joe and John had been
pulling a portion of it down.

The
wall along the road in front of the farm-house in
place of the dilapidated, worm—eaten fence that
had stood there for an indeﬁnite number of years,
and which, in Joe's opinion, at least, was a dis-
grace to the property. On the previous evening
J oe had seen a light moving about in the old stone
house, and he supposed at the time that John
Jones was out there -for some purpose.

John, on being questioned in the morning, de-
nied that he had been there at the hour mentioned.
and so the boy wondered who the night visitor
was. Having decided to investigate the matter,
the two boys went to the barn, got a stout cudgel
each, and started for the stone house.» They ap-
proached the building with due caution, though
they failed to see the light any more, and ﬁnally
reached a window, bereft of sash, on the ground
ﬂoor. Looking through this, they beheld a man of
average height kneeling in one corner of the room.
busily engaged with a trowel in detaching one of
the ﬂagstones that formed the ﬂoor.

The lantern stood between him and the.waIl.
and consequently this body cut off the neﬂection of
the light. The intruder wore a wide-brimmed felt
hat, had a short cape over his shoulders, and his
frock was buttoned close about him. '

“What the dickens is he up to?” whispered Joe. iv
out at the ’

to his companion.
“Trying to lift one of those stones
floor. I guess." responded Sam. ,
“What does he want tpido that far?’ :

     

    
      

 

 

 

wanted the stone to build a substantial’

      
       

  

do ‘ 2 ’ THE ROAD

“Search me,” replied his friend.
“Mighty funny piece of business, don’t you
, T - think?”
1' - “Rather. He must be hunting for something."
= . “Why, what could he be hunting for in this old
house?” ‘
“You’ve got me. Hadn’t we better ask him?”
“I don't like his appearance any more than I do
his actions,” said Joe.
Just then the intruder dropped his trowel and
. straightened up to wipe his face with his hand-
fi. ' kerchief, when the boys caught a fair view of his
countenance. It wasn't particularly reassuring.
His features were dark and saturnine, their ex-
pression rather ﬁerce. He had a long, stiff’mus-
tache and an imperial.
“He looks like a Frenchman,” said Sam, under
his breath.
— _ “He does, for fair, and a most mysterious-loolo
.._ ing one, at that.” replied Joe. “I'd give some-
"' thing to know what his game is.”
“It's up to you to ask him why he’s trespass-
. ing on your property.”_
“He might have a revolver, and he looks ugly
' enough to shoot without much provocation._”
__“ “Are you going to let him pull the building
1 down ?" grinned Sam.
‘If that was all he was up to, I shouldn't stop
him. It would save John and me the trouble of
doing it ourselves. We'll just watch him and see
what he is trying to accomplish.”
. The mysterious Frenchman continued to dig
;- the crumbling cement from around the stone with
 the most industrious perseverance. He paused
now and again for a rest, but on the whole he
wasted very little time. At last he loosened the
stone to such an extent that with the aid of a
small bar of steel he pried it up and lifted it out
of its receptacle. Then he bent eagerly down,
and the boys heard him utter an imprecation in_a
foreign tongue. When be straightened up again
his face was full of wrath and disappointment.
He took a paper from his pocket and consulted
it -by the aid of the lantern light. Apparently 
was puzzled. He rose to his feet. muttering an in-
coherent expression between his teeth.
“l-Ielooks as mad as a hornet," chuckled Sam,
nudging his companion. _
< J “ on mean a whole nest of hornets,” grinned
oe.

 
 

“He expected to ﬁnd something under that
stone. and it isn't there.’ said Sam.

‘I don't see what he could expect to ﬁnd," re-
plied Joe, somewhat puzzled.

_ , l“That paper he's got in his hand looks like a
v e no.”
. The Frenchman crumpled up the paper_ and
f ;. ﬂung it on the floor in a rage. Then he kicked
 at it with great fury. The paper. being 111-rh_t.
 ﬂew up into the air; the man's foot followed it
_ =30 high that he overbalanced himself and came
 « down on the floor with a thud that sent his hat
~ ' from his head. *

 ‘Sucre b1eII!”‘he roared.

- . The eﬂect‘ was so comical that Sam uttered a
 gufaw and Joe snickered gleefully. The
1:, ' ehman heard the laugh and turneda startled

 

  

  
   
      

.,._

face toward thewindow. but  hislhead. paper thrown away by the mysterious
 companiongeway :lust,in~ time t_o- tlltirhe cared to let,on to his friend
’   ‘ ;r;9.if<€t‘E%;};aIsw.€i§i./‘é;‘§4\-V¥:l$5,'— yghlletod-therewassomethinx

T0 SUCCESS

“He heard you,” whispered Joe. “Come hide

' behind that pile of stone.”

They had hardly concealed themselves before
the foreigner’s face appeared at the window. He
looked all around, but saw nobody. Presently he
left the window, and in a few minutes the boys

, saw him leave the building, with the lantern.

now out, in his hand, and make his way across the
fields toward the road. They waited till he was
out of sight before leaving their hiding-place.
J “Let’s go inside and see what we can see,” said
oe.

“All right,” replied Sam, and inside the build-
ing they went.

Striking a match, they looked around and

saw that a stone. at a certain distance from each _ V Z

of the four corners, had been removed from the
flooring. The earth beneath was pretty solid
and had resisted the several attempts of the
Frenchman to make much of an impression in it
with his trowel. - .—

“I guess that fellow was crazy,” chuckled Joe.
“The idea of digging up those two stones! What
could he have been hunting for?”

“Hunting for gold, maybe," replied Sam. with
a laugh. “Say, that was the funniest fall I ever
saw a man get in my life. Wasn’t he mad at
that piece of paper?”

Sam roared again as he thought of the ludi- :
/crous picture the mysterious Frenchman had cut

when his foot went above the level of his head.

“There’s the piece of paper now,” said Joe.
walking over and picking it up.
is on it?”

 

“I wonder'what ~ . T‘

He smoothed it out, then lighted a match and ‘l I

proceeded to examine it. Sam. with some curi-
osity, looking over his shoulder. There were sev-

eral lines of writing on it. but the words 

unintelligible to the boys.
“That must be French." remarked Sam.
“It certainly isn't English,” answered Joe.
like to know what it means.”
“I don't see how you're going to ﬁnd out.’ -
“I know what I'll do. l’ll take it down to that -*
professor who's stopping at the inn in the village. .
Maybe he’ll be able to translate it.”

‘I'd 7 Til

“That isn't a bad idea. I'm curious myself to . 

learn what it means. It must amount to some-._,
thing. and have a connection with this old build-
ing. judging from—tl'.e Frenchman's actions.”
“That's right. \
matter that I should like to unraveL No sane-_
man would come digging and hunting around In

old abandoned house like this one unless he had ‘ "a

some deﬁnite object in view."

There's some mystery in 

 

“Whatever the object was. the Frenchman‘. 

seems to have failed in his quest. I don't suppog .
you'll see or hear from him again.” A .
“Maybe not, but you can't tell.” replied J31‘
putting the paper his pocket. “Let's get out "
ere.

 

  
  

 

    
 
  
 
  
   
   

Joe Page was more interested in

  
  
  

  
  

a

  

K 

,. 5.,

  

THE ROAI)

if it had fooled the foreigner. As he couldn't
translate it himself, he intended to get Professor
V jBurge'ss. a learned gentleman who had come to
' the village for his health, to do it for him. pro-
vided,hof course that the professor could read

5. So immediately after breakfast he started for
-. the village. Professor Burgess was on the point
' of setting out for a walk when Joe reached the
inn. He had a slight acquaintance with the
professor, having met him one day along the
5'. road, and got in. conversation with him as they
walked along together. On the strength of this
s _ he took thevliberty of addressing the learned gen-
_'_ tleman. who shook hands with him and seemed
 quite pleased to see the lad again.
‘ "‘Do you understand French. Professor Bur-
gess?’ asked Joe. coming to the point as soon as
possible.

The professor replied that he did.

“Then you would do me a great favor by trans-
lating a few lines in that language for me."
said the boy. taking the- paper discarded by the
Frenchman out of his pocket and handing it to
 the gentleman. “I am very anxious to learn the
’- meaning of that writing." r
I “I will turn it into English for you with pleas-

ure," said Professor Burgess, after glancing over
the paper. “Come into the writing-room.”

Joe followed him into the inn. The professor
seated himself at one of the tables. and. taking
;a’sheet of note paper, wrote out the following

words. which he handed to Joe:

' “Old stone house. near road, about one mile
(west of Pembrook village, Ulster County, New
York S te, U. S. A."

‘Grand ﬂoor, kitchen. northwest corner. third
r_ _slab diagonally southwest."

Joe read the translation slowly. and was rather
disappointed at the result. .

“Is that the whole thing.sir?" he asked.

“Yes. That's all that's on the paper.
you understand what it means now ?"

'_ “Not altogether, sir; but I may be able to get

.. at the meaning after I study it a while. Seems
‘ like directions for discovering something. doesn't
it. sir?”

 “You might take it as such. In which case

7' , the object to be recovered seems to be under the
 third slab in a diagonal direction from the north-'
 west corner of the kitchen on the ground ﬂoor
.w__ of a certain stone house. near a road. one mile

‘I west of this village. Do you know of such a
" house in this vicinity?"

‘Yes, sir. The only stone house that I ‘know
of in this county is on our property. which is
. inst about a mile west of the village.” _ _
. '1 “Indeed? It must be the one indicated in this
" 4“ Paper. then. All you will have to do _is to follow

these directions, lift the slab in question. and see
 there is anything under it. That ought to be
 for you.”
_ ‘It would. sir, if the house wasn't a wreck.
with nothing to show which room was the kitchen.
_—.I’_ve dlready pulled one side of the building to
 toget stone to build a wall along the front
 a portion of our property.’ ‘
‘How did you come in possession of this paper,
and-why —do,you imagine that it has any-special
I ' . . .

.  about the mysterious Frenchman's
iviidts to the~ruins at the old stone. house.

  

Can

   
 
    
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
  

TO SUCCESS '' 3

and how the man's conduct had aroused his
curiosity.

“If this paper means anything. the Frenchman
must have been hunting in the wrong room.” said
Professor Burgess. “I presume you have no idea
what he was looking for?”

“No. sir. Judging from his actions and per-
sistency, I should think it was something im-
portant.” replied the boy. ‘

“How much of the building is still standing?”

“About two-thirds."

.“Well. if you have the time. and think it worth
your while, you might look the ground floor of
the house over in connection with these directions
and see what you can make of them. It is not
improbable. but you might come upon some hid-
den treasure-trove, as it were. Money as well
as other valuables have occasionally been found
hidden away in old dwellings. These directions
seem to point at some such conclusion with refer-
ence to the ancient building on your mother's
property. At any rate. I think it worth an effort
on your part. You have nothing to lose but your
time, and possibly something to gain. by looking
into the matter. I advise you to do it. If you
are fortunate in making a discovery. I should be
glad to have you let me know about it. so that
I may congratulate you."

“Thank ou. sir. I will certainly do so, if I
ﬁnd anything; but I have no great hopes of
any such luck.” '

“Then you will not be greatly disappointed if
nothing comes of it," laughed the professor. “That
will be some satisfaction. at any rate."

“That's right, sir.’ replied Joe. as*he raised
his hat and walked away. while Professor Bur-
gess started oﬂ' in the opposite direction.

As Joe drew near home he took a short cut
across an adjacent ﬁeld. Passing close to a clump
of bu_shes,_ he suddenly tripped over what he at
first imagined to be a log. but instead of a log
it proved to be a leg. Then. to the boy's con-
sternation, the mysterious Frenchman sprang up
with a ﬁerce imprecation.

“Ah, cochon!” he exclaimed. shaking a big
walking-stick menacingly. “You Americans are
clumsy peegs!"

“I beg your pardon." apologized Joe. hastily.
“_I didn't see your leg. I hope I didn't hurt you,
sir.

“Bah!” retorted the foreigner, turning his back
on the boy and stalking oﬁ. '

“He's a ﬁerce rooster," muttered Joe, looking
after him. “I wonder why he was lying around
in these bushes? He must be half-cracked."

As the farmer lad turned to go on he noticed
something glistening on the ground. He reached
down_and picked it up. It proved to be a sterl-
ing silver box. gold lined, partly ﬁlled with a
fine, brown powder which proved to be snulf. On
the cover was an engraved inscription in French,
the only words of which Joe could understand
were “Jules Glorieux" and “Bordeaux.”

“This must be the property of that crazy
Frenchman. Where has he gone to?”

The boy looked around the ﬁeld. but he could
see no sign of the foreigner. _

“He disappeared mighty quick. He is a mys-
terious chap, if I ever heard of one."

After hesitating a moment or two. Joe ﬁnally“

walked on toward home, with the snuff-box in his
band. He had hardlyreached the fence facing

 

    
 
      
      
     
  

4

  

the country road. across which was the gate
leading to the Page farmhouse. when he heard
hasty steps behind him. He turned around and
gave a gasp-—-the mysterious Frenchman was ap-
proaching him at a rapid gait. and with eyes
that seemed to ﬂash ﬁre.

“C’est un brigand-—ma chere tabatiere!” he
roared, making alsnatch at the snuﬂ’-box, which
Joe held in his hand. “By gar! You are Von
t’ief!”

“What’s the matter with you?” _retorted the
boy. “I found it on the ground.” ~

“You found him. eh? It ees mine, comprenz
vous? You hand him ovair.”

“Sure thing. I guess it’s yours, all right, Your
name is Jules Glorieux?”

“Oui,” and he snatched the box .out of Joe’s
hand. “Aha! C'est inestimable. I could not
part wis dis for nossing. Allez!”.waving his
arm to the boy. at the same time turning quickly
around and returning in the direction he came.

Joe didn’t understand what “allez” (go) meant.
but, as the Frenchman glared at him when ‘he said
it. he judged that it was a kind of curt dismissal.

John Jones. who was working on the stone
wall, told him that Sam Parsons had just gone up
to the house to wait for him. and so Joe hurried
on to meet his friend. '

“Well.” said Sam, “did you find out the pean-

ing of that paper ?”

’ _“I’ve got a translation of it," his friend re-

 

   

."Have you ?” eagerly. “What does it say ?”

“Read it. for yourself,” replied Joe, taking the
English copy made’ bv Professor Burgess from
his pocket and handing it to_Sam. '

. “Is that all it amounts to?”_ asked Sam. in a
tone of disappointment.
‘"l‘ha‘:’s all.” >
‘ - “It wasn't worth the trouble of having it trans-
ﬂlated.’ ‘ , ‘
” “How do you know it wasn't?”

‘Well. I don't see anything in it.”

“I don't say there's anything in it now. so far
as the paper directions go. but I've an idea, just
the same. that there is something of value buried
- ' somewhere under the foundation of that building.
"As soon as I get it all pulled down I'm going

:1»! dplough up the’ ground -and see what I can

   

. ‘ "That's a good plan. Still. if we knew which
“roon-i.was originally used as the kitchen of the
old house, we might make a search first."
2 “The room where the Frenchman dug up the
‘ slabs doesn’t look as if it had ever been used
.v as a kitchen. but, just the same, it is the only
one that is paved with slabs. That's why he
‘ A it, I guess. 'By the way. what do you
think? I came across that imysterious_French-
man xlittle while ago and had a run-in with him.”
hid Joe, with a grin. _ . ,
" ;“You did? Where did you meet him '.'-" asked
 1 look of interest.
‘ his that field down yonder.” _
_"¥qn ‘don't say’! vWhat was he doing there?”
“He did'n’t'seem t‘o_-bedoing anything but lying
tliebuslies; Talcmga rest-"or a snooze, maybe.
eIl:,:ov_,erf¢_:ne ofglus legs, and_ the way he
'U|e_jl¥;’:l_‘_§§l¢h~ as i,»_Q1lf.l0n." chuckled
 me" _I.j_ e , n9ea_.."'

    
       
    
     

  

 
 
  

  
 

 

THE ROAD; TO; -SUCCESS"

jyoui-any .

     
   

“I apologized for tripping over him. He said.» -
‘Bah!’ and skidooed.” , “

“I wish I’d been there." snickered Sam. -. -5.

“After he’d gone I found a silver snuff-box on .
the ground that he’d dropped. .It had his name ,
engraved on it, with the word ‘Bordeaux’ and I
something else in French that I couldn’t read.” 

“Let me see it,” said Sam. holding out his 
hand. _

“Sorry. but he discovered his loss and chased ‘-
after me. He called me a brigand and a 
and snatched the box out of my hand.” ..

“He did?” ' 

Joe nodded.

“What is the chan’s name, if you know it ?’

“Jules Glorieux.” » ,

“That sounds Frenchy enough, at any rate‘. I ,.
s’pose he hails from Bordeaux.” ‘ 

“Very likely. He ought to go back and stay
there." 

“Looks as if he was still hanging aroundjn-,
tending to revisit the old building to-night. Per-, 
haps he means to do some more digging.” _ . '

“I shouldn’t be surprised. We must keep a 
watch on him and see what he accomplishes.‘-,
Now. Sam, if you’ve nothing on hand this mom-= 
mg you might give me a lift moving some of ‘ '
that stone down to the road where John is build
ing the wall. ‘It will be a great help to me.”

“All right, Joe. I'm willing to make myseifj:
useful.”  1

The two bovs then went to'the barn to harness" 
a horse to the drag. . , ' 

I

 

         
  
       
        
      
     
     

  
 
   

 
 

 

CHAPTER Ill.——'l‘he Brass-Bound Boga? A

For the rest of the morning the boys work?‘
like beavers loading stone taken from the dc;
molishedwalls of the old house to the drag,ar‘ii'I_', :
hauling it down to the. road where John 
working on the new_wa_ll. At noon‘ J_oe culled-T5:
a halt_ when one of his sisters rang a big bell—‘al.'?‘y-
:2:.;““ii:..“:z: .:2:i°‘::“':.: "*=*..‘**.:.':.°'..;':=.i 

- e .s re  ‘
work. It was about four o’clo‘c,k thatr_they' ' "
§L°r?.‘2?‘f.:‘1l.”;‘”.aa§.'.i.nii§§ p‘ifn‘§? :§§"§2§n§ "" “‘

. 4 , 1"
ggéglngoe noticed a slab sunk a little way in 

The boy looked at itwith some curiosit won.‘
dering what it was doing there. Sam with just
then returning with the drag, and Joe. piekig-5.
up a crowbar and motioning to_ the other 
lt1h?t lay on_ the ground, called his companion to
.:.:  :i‘f.:1-“é:..“:;..?;’2.°’  W “W

“Do you think there’s_anything_' under it 1”’ 
:i.'§::.': ;:;*:".°'~*E;. .*"..*"i Y";:* are

1'1 11 i a too 0 ‘in .,-

:Wh_y. what should be under it_?” re - i __ _
;i.‘:.~::::.::;°.°‘:.:;*.:*;';::.:‘:*: ;:::*»** ‘’° "'°.**
M£'i‘Btye George’! dldpglllilb forgot all about V

yAiis.ae oe,insomeex"
3-_et’s'"z1eit a.tl,i_u§tle on and see if there is ‘
ing un er i . _ — , * :
sun needed no furtherance ea ‘ '
sinking hiscrowbar under the odhéud  
bexan. to  ~¢°.Wh*‘.With.;ull-~hin'»!nil$§§ i

  
    

   
      
      

  

   
     
  

  
 
 
 

     

  

  

  
     
  
 

   
        
     
     
  

  

  

  
     
 

  

    

    
  
  
    
   
  
 

‘x

his weight to try and overcome the resistance
ofered by the imb' ' stone. Slowly it began
 yield to their 2 efforts _and moved up-
ward a fraction or‘ a... lllcll at a time.

“_It’s ,a mighty tough prdposition. all right.”
itidvsam, stopping to wipehis perspiring fore-

, ‘It is that. Just jab away some more of the
“dirtfrom that side while I do the same with this
side. Maybe we’ll be able to hoist it out then.”

' They dug the packed earth away until both_ side
edges were exposed when they got busy once more
withthe crowbars. The slab now moved with
 freedom and the boys, dropping the bars.
grabbed hold of the edge and began to pull it

 
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
 
    
  
   
   
  
     
  
  
     
    
     
     
      
     
   

E

. .“There’s a hole under it, I can see that." said

‘€Yes, and there's something in the hole. too.”
cl-x,ed‘Jo_e, when they had lifted it up at a right
deﬁle‘ with the surface of the ground. “Now.
ﬂan. once more. all together!"

They exerted all their strength upon it when
suddenly gave way and over it went kerchuck,
‘ urrying both boys on their backs. ’

‘ * “ wens! I hit my head on one of those
»ﬁoneg,”‘ cried Sam. sitting up. with a grimace and
giﬂiblainz his skull with his hand.

Joe picked‘ himself up without a word and
ruled to the edge of the hole to look into it.
, uttereda loud shout.

““!‘bore_’s a ‘brass-bound box down here, Sam.
:51 quick and help me pull it out,” he cried

.7~
brass-bound box!" repeated Sam, staring at
.’l‘l:en he forgot all about his sore head and
Jﬁing to his ‘feet, full as excited as Joe Page.
_ Hay.I'be Jiggered If it isn't so," ‘he said as
-- _I.s be sued into the hole. “Looks as if it
{money box. I'll bet that's what the Frenchy

after." .
$e-‘quickest way to ﬁnd out the truth is to get
Ipgwhere we-can break it open and have a look.
- mvwylend a hand.” . "V
y bent down and each seized one of the
H ',,tarnished brass handles.
' , ow, then, up with it," cried Joe.
 was easier uttered than executed, for
‘box was decidedly heavy.
”lift "your end and I'll jab the crowbar
its » » .
,'_an was executed, and the other crowbar
. under the box also. . - V
(717 we'll both get hold of the same handle
Hitvup the inclined plane. Maybe we can
out that way.” said the resourceful Sam.
'sJscheme was adopted withultimate suc-
the brass-bound box landed on the

   

alalcarry it over to the house just as it_ was,
, -the examination of its contents till be

it up to his room; but their eagerness
_ was 'in‘the.box, and the fact that the
 holding ‘the cover was loose decided

mu-om Hetgruped a crow-

  

    

a single blow.

   

Joe first proposed to load the box on the «

 

THE ROAD TO SUCCESS ‘ ‘ ' 5

Joe raised the lid of the box there sounded a Li
quick footfall behind the boys. Glancing up. they "'
saw the mysterious Frenchman, with a heavy 4 ’~‘

can in his hand. Pointing‘ at the box. he said
harshly:

“Dat ees mine!’

0
CHAPTER IV.—What the Box Contained.

“Hold on, monsoo,” spoke up Joe. “Don't be so
sure about it. This property belongs to my
mother, and consequently everything on it and in

at isnours. You haven't the faintest claim to this
ox.
“Aha! Vat ees dat? Your muzair she own

dees box?" _

“That’s what she does," replied Joe. ,

“By gar! You are fonee bog” answered the ,;
mysterious Frenchman, in a sarcastic tone. ‘She ~ 
has nossinz to do wiz dees box. Et ees mine. l V i
come all ze way from la belle France to get eet.

I had ze papier dat point out ze way.”

“Perhaps you can tell us what's in the box, you
seem to know so much,” said Joe. with a grin.

“Dat ees my beesness.” replied the Frenchman,
impatiently.

“Well, it's our business, too, monsoo."

“Sucre!” cried Jules Glorieux. “fou play wiz 
me. I feex you." . 

He put his hand in his pocket and drew a re- "
volver. , v -

“Now we see whezair you give ze box or not.” ' ﬁg

Sam had been standing aside leaning on his - 
crowbar, an interested observer of the breezy pro- — '1
ceedings. If Joe gave the word he was prepared
to jump in and help hustle the Frenchman oi! the ,
lot. When he saw the mysterious foreigner draw ‘
his gun, he gave a gasp of fear, then on the spur
of the moment he lifted the crowbar and struck
the man a blow on the arm, causing him to utter
a pain and to drop the weapon, which Sam quick- A *5?‘
ly took possession of. Monsieur Glorieux immedi-
ately turned upon Parsons and lifted the cane he ' 
had in his left hand to strike the boy, but Sam- ‘ :,
jumped back and pointed the revolver at him. ‘

That stopped the infuriated Frenchman at once, 1
and he stood glaring at Sam. At that exciting ’ '2

 

moment John, the hired man, appeared unex-- pl.
pectedl on the scene. 1';
“l-Iel o.” he said, with a look of bewildermnt , 

on his face, “what’s the trouble here?"

“Sam and I just found this brass-bound box SI 1 ~ "-
a hole in these ruins, and th t Frenchman stepped . :,:.;
up and claimed it.- Why; its been buried here a » ; K. ;
l1tl;1;(l1‘e(.l years, I guess, so what right has he t9 "
1 ,

‘_‘Never mind,” put in Jules Glorieux at this
point. perceiving that he was at a great disad- A 
vantage. “Eet ees ze long lane dat ees not turned.
Comprenez-vous? I see some ozzaire time.‘

With those words he walked awa They
watched him climb the fence and take‘ is was
down the road, and then Sam said: mg "

“You came just in time, John, to make the odds j
too great for the Frenchy," , p r - — 5-’;
“W0 l1_IVen"t had a chanceotoseo yet. 

    
 
 

  

-o..

 

 
 

  

6 _THE ROAD. TO _ SUCCESS

and disclosed a score or more of fat-bellied bags,‘
each tied at the mouth with a bit of cord. V -

“Gee whiz!” exclaimed Sam, with bulging eyes.
"Bags of money or I'm a- liar. Jumping grass-
hoppers! What a ﬁnd!”

John Jones gazed dumfoundgd at the unusual
sight, while’ Joe, although he had expected a re-
velation of some kind, either in plate or money,
was too surprised to speak for a moment or two.

Sam dived his hand in and lifted out one of
the bags. The impression of the coin’ upon the
surface of the bag could plainly be seen and left

no room for the least doubt as to the character‘

of its contents. The only question was whether it
was gold or silver. Sam,’anxious to solve this
query, loosened the throat of the bag he held, and
a stream of old gold coin, all English sovereigns,
rolled out on the palm of his hand.

“Good heavens!” he cried, “I never saw so much
gold in all my life before.”

As a matter of fact, Sam hadn’t seen a dozen
gold pieces, all told, since he knew what money
was. _ ’>

“Put it back, Sam,” said Joe, “and we'll carry
the box to the house. Then we will count it and
eeé how much the treasure amounts to."

John helped the boys put the box on the drag,
and then the party took up their line of march for
the farmhouse. When they reached their destina-
tion the treasure-box was "lifted onto the veranda
and then dragged into the hall.

“Tell mother and the "girls to come here,” said
Joe to the hired man, and presently Mrs. Page.

followed by Mildred, Fanny and Winnie, her

daughters, came trooping out to the‘front door
to see what was in the wind.

“See what Sam and I found in the foundation
of the old stone house yonder," said Joe, pointing
at the box.

“Oh, my!" exclaimed Mildred. “what a funny
looking box. What’s in it ?”

“Guess,” said her brother.

“Books?”

“No. What do you think is in it, Fanny?”

“Old clothes."

“You're away of. Now it's your turn, Winnie."

“Maybe it's full of money,” laughed the yoimg-
est sister, though she didn’t really believe it was.

“That’s a good guess, Winnie,” chuckled Joe.
“How did you know ?_” _

" “What is'in it. Joe ?” asked “Winnie.
“Why. you guessed it—money, and chock full,

“Nonsense!” put in Mildred. ‘fDo tell us what’_s
in it if you know. Can’t you see that our curi-
osityisaro ' ?” _ ‘ _

“Then you don't believe it's full of bags of

’ m 2” I
“"r(‘)efyeourse I don’t. That would be too absurd.”

“All right. Now I'm going to open it and

’ show you how close Winnie came to the truth.

Are you all looking ?”
‘Yes, yes, yes,” cried the girls together.
"There you are." and Joe ﬂung the cover back.
“Oh-o-o!’ screamed the ' Is. in great aston-
ishment when they saw the airs.
i That those bags were full of real money seemed
too'goodtobeti'uc.aadMi1dredhadhersus-

I

  

       

piefions that Joe and"San_a were playing a joke -

g  - _ _,  "fl‘ak¢itdowntoN Y kaadha:vo:it¢_\:h;s,.
“'1 Jdglft élievc_tha,tfI, mgmyat on.» .,od’into, “'7 0'. nqrohsoe ‘

1
\

tossing her head. “You boys have made those
bags and filled them full of something or another
just to try and fool us.” .3.

Fanny, however, made a grab for one of the’
bags to test its weight probably. when the string '
that secured its neck came untied and a stream '
of coin ﬂowed out like a waterfall. and danced and
jingled all over the ﬂoor.» The girls shrieked in
real amazement now. Joe and Sam hastened to
recover the coins and return them to the bag.

“My gracious! It is money—rea1 new gold,”
cried Mildred. ‘Why. Joe Page. did you really
find that in the old stone house ?" . V:

“That's exactly what Sam and I did. We dug 
it up from under a big slab of stone, where it -
must have lain for the dickens knows how long—- _'.,,;~
maybe a hundred years.” ’

“There must be thousands of dollars in that
box," exclaimed Fanny. ' ,

“If the contents of all the bags are gold. there's
quite a fortune here. Let me see how many bags 
there are.” said her brother. “Twenty.” he said
after counting them. “If there is $5,000 in each
bag that would make a hundred thousand-” .—

A fresh chorus of astonishment arose at this 
rough calculation. .

“You're not going to keep it yourself, am.‘
you ?" said Mildred. “You’re going to give it .
to mother.” '-

“I think I will divide it up after Sam and I
count it. Sam is entitled to a bag. at least. for _
helping me dig it up. Then I might put: bag .
in the bank forleach of you girls, which would _.
make you heiresses in a small way.” . 

“And how much are you going to give ’
mother?” insisted Mildred.

“As much as she wants. We'll be able to pay
off that mortgage now. and get new . .
and furniture, and we won't need to take any 
boarders this summer.” q_.'

“Won't that be a blessing," exclaimed Fanny. ~ 5

“Come, Sam, help me upstairs with the box.‘ 
said Joe. “I’m anxious to count this treasure " ’
find out what it foots up." i =

The girls were quite crazy with delight as they
followed their mother back to the kitchen where =
preparations for supper were going on. and thexg‘
couldn't talk of anything but the nice things they 
expected to have now. the new clothes they were. ‘
going to buy. and the splurge they intended to ,
cut in the village. As for Joe and Sam, as soon 3’
as they got the box up in Joe’s room they ba'~.'f'
ricaded the door against visitors and sat down 
to count the money. It was all in English 
sovereigns of a date previous to 1780, and they .‘
looked as if they had come fresh from a mim;._ 
Each bag _contai_ned exactly £1,000, or about
$4,800, which being multiplied by twenty. the’
number of bags, made a grand total of $96,800.» 1%

“Well, Sam." said Joe, “Just help yourself to»
one of these bags. You've earned it. and .5:
will be quite a stake for you.”

“Do you mean that, Joe?” asked his friend.
almost paralyzed at the idea of possessing. such!
large sum of money which he could call all his

I ,'~

own. . . 
“Sure I do. Take your choice, though .

all alike as far as their value goes.” _ «e '
‘But it's all English money.  I,’

with!t.thebankwon'taccentit." ‘

    
   
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
 
   
  
    
  
      
  
  
   
      
   
     

  
 
  

   
    
 

  

, :

 

  

        
     
  

 
  

   

U. 8. notice: th.ecu.rmnt

J‘
I

     

In.»

   
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
    
  
   
   
 
   
  
    
 
  
  
   
    
   
    
  
   
 
   
  
    
    
 
 
  
      
  
    

 ""l‘hat’s what I'm going" to do with thesenineteen
, - ms‘; ' W . .

‘ “I,l go with you. said Sam. and it was so
arranged between them.

CHAPTER V.-That Dream Was Not All A
Dream.

j. “Ninety—two thousand dollars!” exclaimed Mrs.
‘ __ Page that evening at the supper table, when
9 { Joe id in round numbers the result of the count.
 WV e his three sisters held their breath at the
< ’ ' ' the amount.

'n—?‘KYne1§:“3lel0:l{el', or to be more exact. $91,960. at
the current ‘rates of exchange," replied the boy.
 a happy grin. “It's a lot of money. isnt

 V .“It is too__ much money to have in a‘ lone farm-
 house even for a single night.” answered his
V mother. “I shan't sleep a wink all night." _

‘ “Neither will I.” cried Mildred. with an anxious
.l°?‘I§or I," exclaimed Fanny and Winifred with
‘?n‘?()blil:e=it4giisense!” laughed Joe. “Who will know
. that we've got it?" . . _

' He had prudently refrained from mentioning
‘the adventure with the mysterious Frenchman.
as he knew the recital would only serve to make
his mother and sisters extremely nervous.

“Sam Parsons will be sure to tell his folks.
, and then the news will get all about the neigh-

borhood." said Mildred. _ _ _ _

~ . “No, he won’t. I cautioned him againlst it. and

I ta h‘ .1!
'“°«‘i’s'.."e"“‘°m.":.T{’h.'i’.° iiamxiotnﬁi ‘._‘vi'i'i°$’f;...% ..._i...._...
—: where he got~‘the bag of sovereigns you gave him
for helping you get the box out of the hole and

p to the house.” _

*He isn't going to shdw it to them. at least
‘hot until we are ready to take the gold to New
‘York to exchange it for bank notes.” " _

“When are you going to do that? asked Mil-
 earnest1Y-f "

- “ in new orenoon.
- “Ygii inust take John with you as a guard.”

' — ‘ the .
  think you’d have a great deal of
 in making the excha e of such a big
iium of English money." said M dred.

' "‘I may and I may not. Im going to take the
. to a safe deposit company ﬁrst for safe-
’ 7T ’ ing. and consultwith the president of that

 as to the best way to exchange it for

After supper Joe started for the villain Ren-
lgui store to purchase a liberal supply of
this iron box binding, and while he was away
F-John Jones was stationed in the boy's 1'90!!! to
 guard over the treasure chest. with the
.-u man's revolver within easy reach.

As soon as Joe returned home the four starch
'  were got out of the cellar. and as fast

“boy packed a box with bags o_f money.
up.It;hicehV3‘€:J1th:ﬁI688 Wlttl;t:X_¢0l3t§’1' hlglclb
— at (man in e‘ use.
‘, ‘on the:'t.oov'g¢eI1O;¢o:1'°1v. John 98$ :3

. Q ' . ,!V¢.?°33"°‘¢
 ll 11

   
  
  

   

el was excited by the ‘golden experiaaoee 

 

THE ROAD TO SUCCESS I 7

each about $24,000. while the fourth footed up
something over $19,000.

“I guess thev’ll hold. all right. John.” said Joe. 

viewing the iron-bound boxes critically. “They're
pretty heavy.
the village on your shoulders if I give it to you '.”'

“I'll bet I would.” replied the hired man. em-
phatically. .

“How many times would you have to stop and
rest.” grinned Joe.

“A hundred times. I guess.”

“I'll bet it would take you all night to get
there."

“Supposin’ it did. it would pay. wouldn’t it ’."'

The boxes were piled up in a corner of the
room and some old clothes thrown over them.
while the brass-bound chest was shoved under
Joe’s bed for the present. The house was more
carefully locked up that night than usual. while
Joe put the Frenchman's revolver under his pil-
low. While he didn't exactly expect any trouble.
it was the part of prudence to be prepared for it
if it came. It was true that the mysterious
foreigner had as good as handed him out a threat
when he withdrew from the scene of action that
afternoon, but Joe couldn't see how the French-
man would be able to do anything towards get-
ting possession of the treasure of the old stone .
house. as he seemed to be alone in the scheme. ’ ~~.

“Why. he couldn’t carry a single box of that "«‘
stuff any distance even if he got a chance at it; . 
that is, unless he had a horse and wagon. and
everything his own way. His threats amount
to nothing. He said he came from France to -,
hunt for the box. That’s a long distance for a »«.
sane man to come on a wild goose chase. He
must have picked up his knowledge over there
from some person acquainted with the facts of
the case. who furnished him with the directions
on that paper he had. The chest seems to have
lain under that slab something like a hundred
years. It's_ a wonder no previous attempt was
made to bring it to light. That stone house was
tenantless for years before my father bought
the property. It was a fortunate deal for us.
When Squire Dalton hears that we found nearly
$100,000 on the property that he sold my father
for $1,750. he'll feel like tearing his hair out
by the roots. He won't get over his chagrin
as long as he lives."

Joe chuckled as he pictured the effect of the ‘ ~—
news on the pompous lawyer who considered him— i » ~-
self the whole thing. not only in the village but
the county as well.

“It will be a huge take-down for him." thought
a boy as he putout his light and jumped into V

Then hebegan to think about next day’: jour-
ney to the metropolis with his treasure boxes
in company with Sam Parsons.

“After we get through with the business end
oftheti'in.SamandI'llhavethetiineof6ur9
lives for a few days before coming back home}
We'll take in all the sights. to to the theater.
and enjoyevery ﬁve minutes to the utmost. I
tell you money the more go every time.‘

With these pleasant reflections on his mind
Joe fell asleep. Joe’s slumber was seldom in-..
tnided upon by dreams-—lie was too~sound‘a'
sleeper. as a general thing. for p _ 
present ‘occasion was an ' ’

 

ca‘ J“. -\n,*.. 

 

      
    
  

  
 

 
   
 

f

  

Would you carry one of those to f:

  

 

 

 

 

ternoon, and though it was many hours before
certain odd fancies took shape and reproduced
themselves upon his sleeping thoughts. the fact
that they did so at last was no great wonder
under the circumstances. ‘ _ .
His first dream was a pleasant one. for in it
he seemed to be have evolved from a comparative-
ly poor farm boy to a young Monte Cristo with
money to burh, and he was burning it at a great
rate, and with intense satisfaction, when the
scene changed and he found himself walking
along a dark and lonesome country road, which
he‘ seemed to recognize, with all his pockets
stuffed to overﬂowing with gold coin that he
had just found somewhere. A sense of undeﬁned
terror now seemed to be upon him. for he felt
sure that he was being followed by an enemy
who intended to get the money away from_ him.
The journey seemed to be endless. _and while he
didn't see the man who was dogging his steps
he was conﬁdent his pursuer knew where he was

‘and was biding his time, the better to accom-

plish his dark design.

Finally he came to a. wood that stretched away
for miles and miles in either direction so that
he could not avoid entering it in order to reach
his destination. As he progressed through this
wood something whispered to him that his_ enemy
was now closing in upon him—that their meet-
ing could not long be postponed. At this thought
his terror grey upon him till he could hardly
drag one foot after the other. At length he
reached a clearing and felt compelled to sit down
here and rest..

Suddenly he was conscious that somebody was
creeping upon him from behind. Until this mo-
ment he had had but a vague idea of who his
enemy really was. Now, although something pre-
vented him from turning lus head, or making any
eﬂort to escape, he instinctively understood that
the person who was stealthily advancing _upon
him was a mysterious Frenchman. who carrmd a
heavy stick in one hand and a long. keen knife
in the other.

Strive as he would he could not break the
spell that held him powerless. At last he could
feel that the man was right behind him. that
he had dropped his stick and put the knife be-
tween his teeth so that he could have his hands
free to seize him by the throat.

look of such malignant satisfaction that the hor-
ror of it shot through his nerves and awoke him.
Yes, Joe was now wide awake, but the horror
of his dream was reproduced in dread reality. for
bending above him, with a sinister looking knife
in his teeth. and his bent ﬁngers raised as if in
the act of pouncing on the heretofore sleeping
,boy, was’Jules Glorieux, the mysterious French-
man. I » .

 

CHAPTER VI.-—The Theft" of the Gold. ‘

‘Aha! _You.awake. eh?" hissed the French-
man. seeing“: the boy’sY_startlid. wxdle-otilien eyeis
ﬁxedupon face. “ oumaeone ee esoun ,
and You are a dead boy!” _

‘g pressed one hand ‘on Joe's windpipe, and
the ¢3ll€l'i't:el;0‘|f6d‘ the ilzmife froméés mouth

‘sen pom against» tender
lad} throat. . Joe was now conscious

v

ﬁtssed

 

» oi

 

Now the man -
. "bent over him and glared into his eyes. with a

 

 “Are;r‘oI1=,i,I_I bed now. Joe!’ rllurfaa

/’ ;,

THE ROAD TO SUCCESS

that Jules Glorieux was not the only intruder in
the room. There was another whose form was
thrown into relief by the pale moonshine that
came through the open window. '

“Ecoutez!” exclaimed Glourieux ﬁercely. “Dat
ees, you listen to me. Ze boot ees on ze ozzair
leg. Ze lane which I speak about has come to
ze turn. I have you, mon petit homme. where
ze hair ees short. You move one leetle bit, poof I
zis knife will do ze beesness. I come for ze box
dat ees mine. I get him dees time.”

The Frenchman turned his head and said some-
thing in a peremptory tone to his companion. The
man advanced softly. at the same time taking
a strong cord from his pocket. With this he
proceeded to bind Joe's arms to his side. Then
be tied a towel tightly around the boy's mouth.

“Now look for the box,” said Glorieux to the
man in French. =

The pair hunted about the room. They pulled
the clothes from the four iron-bound starch boxes,
and Glorieu_x was about to lift one when his
companion called himto the bed and pointed at
the end of the treasure chest. which lay under-
neath.

“It is heavy, Gaston." said Glorieux. in his na-
tive tongue. “We must use care in removing it.’

They both got hold of the handle and pulled
with all their strength. As the entire contenm
of the chest had been removed. as the reader
knows, the box naturally offered no resistance.
In fact it shot out so quickly from under the
bed that both Frenchmen lost their balance and
tumbled over on the ﬂoor with a shock that
could be felt through the frame house. Julesi
Glorieux swore roundly as he picked himself up.
while his companion. who had barked one shin.
growled angrily in a subdued tone-

Joe. who had been lying in helpless silence
since he was gagged and bound, chuckled to him-
self as he thought he saw the rascals’ ﬁnish. But
he congratulated himself too soon. Jules Glor-
ieux was a. man not usily turned from his pur-
pose. While he was afraid some of the inmates

 

. . .» 1,, -..u..a..;5... ‘

of the house had been aroused from their sleep » if

by the nose, he was prepared to take the bull by
the horns.

He knew that if the present enterprise failed-
the chance of his ever getting his hand on
treasure from the old stone house would be very
small. He had already informed himself that
with the exception of the boy and the hired man,
he had no one to fear but four females. and he
did not anticipate that they would interfere with
his plan. The two rascals stood as silent as
ﬁtatues waiting to see the outcome of their mie-

SD.

Presently their alert ears caught the‘ sound 

of some one ascending the stairs in slipnen--‘ 

Glorieux said something to Gaston in a whisper

and the fellow glided to the door. ran his hand

over- the .wood and shot the bolt he found there. ‘ '7

Then came a knock on the door and the voice of

Mrs. Page was heard outside. M
“J oe,” she said. “What is the matter?’
Glorieux tore the gag from Joe’: mouth and

;placed the knife at his throat.

 “Ansair. Say dat you had ze nightmare

take ze tumble out of ze bed." -

There was a murderous’ look in the 

man’s eyes that intimidated the boy. and 
did as he was told. ' ~

3.1..‘

«I

       

 THE ROAD

as she tried the door and found it bolted. some-
what to her surprise. for her son was not in the
habit of securing the door against intrusion. “Did
You bolt the door ‘."'
‘»‘Yes. mother. I am in_ bed. and I bolted the
door.’
“Are you sure everythigg is all right. my
son 2''‘ s3 asked anxiously.
“Yes, mother," answered Joe, with the glitter-
ing knife pricking the skin of his throat and
threatening instant death if he hesitated or
equivocated in. his replies. ’ It was a trying situa-
tion for Joe. but he couldn't help himself. Jules
Glorieux evidently meant business. and the risk
was too great for the lad to venture to thwart
him. In this manner the crisis was passed and
‘the rascals averted discovery, for Mrs. Page turn-
. ed away as if satisﬁed. and her steps were soon
heard descending the stairs. . _
— v “It is well." said Glorieux to his companion,
‘ in French; “gag him again.”

The towel was replaced about Joe's mouth and
the knife withdrawn from his throat.

‘The money has been removed from this chest."
continued the mysterious Frenchman. lifting the
end of the box. - ' _

He hardly considered it necessary to lift the
' cover, but he did so to fully convince himself
that the chest was empty. -

“Now, where is the money’! Ah. those boxes
in the corner. This boy iaa shrewd one. He
has lost no time. He intends to ship the money
to New York. it is likely. and there change it
into the script of the country. We will save
him the trouble. Gaston. with a wicked gun.
as His companion nodded intelligently. '
2.’ ‘You are sure these boxes contain the money T"
he said. _ .
A_, “Lift one of them. and its weight ought to
‘ saﬁsfy you." replied Glorieux. “They were con-

cealed under these old _clothes. I will take the
risk that these boxes hold the money. We must
carry them away at once.”

‘It will be a job,” answered his -associate.

‘ “It shalLnot be so difficult. You get out on the
ladder. then I will hand you one of the boxes on
your shoulder. You will carry it down to the
wagon in the road. When you come back _vou
will take a second the same way. There are
but four of them, so we ‘will make the last trip
together. A few’horurs of fast driving will carry
us to the river where our sloop is moored. Once
we have the boxes we will hoist the anchor and
sail for the city. where we can slip them on the
La Burgundie for Marseilles. She sails the day.

'53‘ "*7'~‘r".“7.""»

 

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 

secure a stateroom.’
This ‘conversation was carried on in a low tone
.and, of course. in French. so it was impossible
3, for Joe to either hear or understand a word that
 between the rascals. The plan as out-
 lined bv Glorieux‘ was immediately put into effect.
-and poor Joe was in despair when he saw 
.3 Iron-bound boxes of gold, on which he had built
‘ ouch glorious air castles. removed ‘from the room
‘one by one until the last one had vanished -out
of the window and the mysterious Frenchman ap-
‘broached tin bed for the last time.
, {There was a look of triumphant satisfaction
uh his eyes as he gazed down on the helpless

M‘ {none leetle moment 1 willisay to you adieux.

S "afar to-morrow. so we have 91811175’ vof time to

 
 

TO success ' ii

It is necesaree that I feex you so dat you‘ will
not fall out of ze bed and give ze new alarm.
vill tie your feet to ze post. den you will beh-
what you calL him ‘.’—ah. oui. all to ze zon. I mean
ze good."

The Frenchman uttered a wicked chuckle. and
then proceeded to tie Joe's ankles securely to
the bedpost.

“Now you are like ze cochon——ze peeg—when
we take him to the market." '

The rascal chuckled again.

“You have said adieu to ze monee. I hope. for
you will not see it again. I assure you."

The mysterious Frenchman then made an elab-—
orate and sarcastic bow to the unfortunate Joe.
walked softly to the window and disappeared.
He did not take the trouble to close the window.
or remove the ladder. but. picking up the last
box of English gold. lifted it on his shoulder and
started after his companion. who had already
preceded him to the road. Gaston was waiting
for him. He dumped the box into the wagon up
against the other three and. mounting to the seat
alongside his associate. the rascally pair whipped
up the'horse and drove of down the country road
toward the Hudson River at a rapid pace.

CHAPTER VII.——'l'he Mysterious Frenchman Is
Up Against It Hard.

It was two o'clock in the morning and Sam
Parsons was standing at the window of his room
looking out into the bare and silent road which
ran close by the house. Sam had gone to bed
as usual at nine o'clock. but somehow or another
he couldn't get to sleep. That bag of English
sovereigns which he had received from his chum‘
Joe_l’a_ge, and stowed away for safekeeping in
an inside niche of the wide-open ﬁreplace in his
room. kept dancing through his head. setting the
drowsy goél Morpheus at deﬁance.

_ Sam had never owned ﬁve whole dollars in his
life, and here he had suddenly become the pos-
sessor of the equivalent of $4,840, every penny
of which was honestly his own property. Why.
he was now worth almost if not quite as much
as his own father. which was truly an astonishing
state of aﬁairs for him. What boy under the
circumstances would not have felt as Sam did
thatmght? There was one drawback. however.
to his happiness. and that was. what course would
his father take with reference to that bag of
money as soon as he learned it was absolutely the
Droperty of his son?

Wouldn't his barent demand its custody. and
then use half or more of it to put up a model
farmhouse he had long had in mind. but the
realization of which he had been obliged to defer
for want of the necessary funds? Sam was of

_,the opihion that the chutes were 99 to 1 that
w his $4,840 would go at once to his father's credit

in the village bank, and that he wouldn't get a
sou-markee to-lay out on his own personal enjoy-
ment.

 Sam made up his mind to say nothing to
his folks at all about his windfall. He had man-
aged to secure permission to go to the metropolis
next morning with his friend Joe Pup. and thh
was an extraordinary concession on his fathefa’
part- He had decided that after he got ‘ii: money

 

 

  

1.
,.
—»,

 

it I J 

. 10 THE ROAD

changed into bills he would open a savings bank
account in Poughkeepsie. across the river, with
$4,800, and hide the book and the remaining $40
in the chimney. . _

He could have a swell time out of that $40,
which would last him some time, and he would
always have the satisfaction of knowing there
was more to be had where that came from. All
this planning and calculation helped to keep sleep
from Sam’s eyes,- and when he had settled every-
thing to his own satisfaction he found he couldn’t
go to sleep anyway. He turned and twisted
in bad, to no purpose, and when he ﬁnally heard
the clock downstairs strike two, he got up and
looked out of the window. He didn’t do that
because he expected to see anything. There
wasn’t much to be seen even in the daytime from
his window, while at that hour of the morning
the road and the country side was absolutely
dead.

It was therefore with considerable surprise that
Sam heard the rapid sound of wheels mingled
with the chug. chug of a horse's hoof on the
still night air. He wondered if it was the village
doctor on an emergency errand. The vehicle soon
came into view in the distanceﬁnd Sam saw
that it was an ordinary road wagon. with two
men on the seat. They seemed to bein a hurry,
for the driver frequently applied the whip to
the horse.

Before passing the Parsons farmhouse the
wagon had to cross a short bridge which spanned
a narrow but rather deep creek. Just as the
vehicle struck the bridge, after rushing down
an incline. the rear right-hand wheel came 011' and
the wagon dipped with a crash, as if heavily load-
ed at that end, and Sam heard a succession of
heavy smashes. as of weighty articles, striking
the bridge, and then a similar number of
splashes, as if the said articles had continued
their ﬂight into the water. Sam could also hear
loud exclamations from the men. and saw the
driven pull in the horse. Both men dismounted
and walked rapidly back to the bridge. where they
stood by the rail and looked over into the stream.
» “Gee whiz!" exclaimed Sam. - “Whatever they
had in the wagon has been dumped into the
water. They'll have a nice time recovering it,
for the water is all of eight feet deep there. The

, stuif must be heavy from the noise it made on

the bridge. so the chances are they'll not be able
to get it out of the stream without ropes and
a stout windlass. At any ‘rate they're stuck for
the balance of the night for fair."

Sam saw one of the men pick up the wheel
which had caused all the trouble and roll it up
the wagon. then the pair held a consultation.
One of them, whose personal appearance in-
terested Sam greatly. for he put him in mind

' A of the mysterious Frenchman. zesticulated wildly.

‘- --‘We've got stout ropes and a w_inch in the
barn,” said‘ Sam to himself. “I've a great mind
to dress myself, go down and see if_ I can't ar-
 a deal with those chaps. I’d Just as soon
earn another dollar as not."
‘  boy never felt more wideawake in his
.§£e,»he decided to, carry out his idea. He got

 “m&cs in shortorder. but instead of

by the..f1_'ont door and walking
V  it’-by the_ kitchen door,
 a bit of pasterewhieh would-l/and

is

 

T0 SUCCESS

him at the corner of the bridge. The line of
heavy bushes growing b 12 the road fence
prevented the men from observing his approach
and, of course. he couldn’t see them any better.
The loud and excited voice of one of the in-
dividuals, however, served to guide the boy right
to the part of the fence outside of which they
were standing. .

Although Sam was not afraid to show him-
self, still he concluded to take a sight of them
first, Nothing like being on the safe side any-
way. So Sam, when he reached the bushes,
pushed his head through with as much caution
as if he expected to find an enemy on the other
side of the fence. The moment his eyes took in
the man who was doing the talking he was glad
he had_not rushed things. It was for a fact the
mysterious Frenchman. And his companion was
another; although not at all mysterious-looking.

Monsieur Jules Glorieux was jabbering away
to beat the band, and gesticulating like a monkey
on a hot stove. Sam at once lost all desire of
profferiniz the services of the rope and winch
at the bar. Had he been able to understand
French he would have learned something that
must have opened’ his eyes; but as any other
language than English was as pure Greek to him,
their conversation was quite lost upon him.

_He wondered where the man of mystery had
picked up his companion. and why they were driv-
ing up the road at racehorse speed at that hour
in the morning. He also wondered what was the
charlacter of the freight they had lost in the
cree

“It'seems to be important. whatever it is.’ he ~’ —

said to himself, for Monsoo Glorieux. of Bordeaux,

looks as if he wanted to tear his hair out by x

the _roots.”

In good truth, the mysterious Frenchman was I

acting as if he was a candidate for a madhouae.

.'_. will

<‘ '.L.

And with good reason. as the reader will guess, . 

for the four iron-bound boxes of English soy.-_
ereigns they had taken such risk and trouble to
abstract from Joe Page's chamber. were now
resting out of sight in the creek. and Jules

Glorieux could see no immediately chance of ,

recovering them.

‘ 7’

CHAPTER ‘VIII.-Sam Get/s Out of A’ Pickle. v

The two Frenchmen went down to the 'water’s~
edge and tried to make out where the boxes lay,
but the water was too deep and dark. especially

. s
.L.

9: . V ‘ >1’. , . . ' -_
\ _ .. , . . _». , ,
-«...\..~a.r/.z.a . . r... 1,. "’x:.:.-,r.‘.'.i- ..... 3 -.‘>_

at that hour. for them to see anything in the 

depths of the creek.

fractured. They put the wheel into the forward
part of the vehicle. and mounting to the seat

drove over slowly toward the village of Highland, '

four miles distant.

“They'll be back in a few hours. I dare say.’ 7
said Sam to himself. as he watched them depart...’
"I'd give something to know what: those-boxes
I wouldn’t’__

contain. They are heavy, all right.
be surprised if they had stolenthem from some
place. That Jules Glorieux, of Bordeaux. sdinl
a sort of suspicious character to me. At 
rate he tried to do-Joe out of that tuasiinc

It was clear to the wqtch- 
ful Sam that they were at their wits’ end. Finally 
they gave the problem up and returned to the ' F‘
wagon. the rear axle of which they found to be i

 

    

    
   
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
  
  
   
  
    
 

THE ROAD

yesterday afternoon. Had the nerve to draw a
.«revolver on us. We could have him arrested and
 but in the lock-up for that. Well. I’m coming
-, down here the first thing after I get up to see
if‘I‘ can get a glimpse of those boxes."
/Thus speaking. Sam ‘started back_ for the
. ease. Suddenly he stopped short as if a start-
ling idea had struck him.
. _ ‘Good gracious!” he exclaimed. “I wonder if
 those rascals paid a visit to the Page house. and
got away with Joe's money? He told me’ he
was going to box it up in four small starch
boxes so it could be the more easily handled for
shipment to New York this forenoon. The wagon
came up the road from the direction of Joe's
"place. They were driving at breakneck speed at
‘a suspiciously early hour and making for High-
land. Gee whiz! It looks as if there was some-
thing wrong. for a fact. I've a great mind to
run over to the Page farm. wake Joe up and
tell him what I've seen.” “ 5'
Sam stood a few moments in an undecided
‘way. There might be nothing in the_idea after
all, and Joe would give him the laugh for com-
ing over at that hour in the morning. Yet the
circumstances were suliiciently suspicious to de-
mand notice. The mysterious Frenchman had
dearly shown that his object in coming to that
raft of the county was to get possesion of the
mreasare chest hidden in the foundation of the old
stone house. When he discovered that the boys
hndfound the chest. and they had naturally re-
  to let him have it. he had doubtless spot-
" the place they had taken it to and then
tilde his plans to steal it that morning. That's
 Sam argued and. as the reader knows.
he was right.
* ,.,“.He brought that other chap to help him do
j y ’ ” Sam. more and more con-
that he was on theright track. “They
found that the money had been removed from the
that. and nailed up inthe starch boxes. so they
 oi! the boxes. No‘ doubt they worked the
game slick enough to avoid discovery. Well. I'm
 overto Joe's. anyway. If the money is
” o there’ll be no harm done."
_, Having decided the matter. he pushed his way
‘I ‘ w.» h the bushes. jumped the fence and started
 the road toward the Page property. He
Inked fast. and .fifteen_ minutes laterhe was
M ‘ gap the ‘patch that led to the front door.
“'*EvorY’thing is quiet around here.” mused Sam.
.. .- g to think. he was wrong in his surmises
. all. “It seems to me if thosechaps had
house. It’s no fool job to carry off several
’ - boxes ‘without being detected in the act.
moss I’ve made a donkey of myself. comir¥
here.” ' %
‘stopped at the foot of the porch steps and
« lied his head. To pound at the door and
‘the Page family. only to ﬁnd out that
t »-r it had happened. would make him look fool-
and Sam dreaded holding himself up to

‘marched around to the ell.’in the second
which was .loe’s room. As he turned
saw was the ladder
. which was open

   
  

 

      
 

    

there they must have awoke somebody in‘

 

"TO SUCCESS 1:

up the rungs. and inside of a minute he had his
head inside of the window.

“J09. Joe!" he cried. “wakeup!”

There was a movement on the bed. and Joe
Page. bound and gaged as he w sat up. He
could not get out of bed. as his a les were tied
tight to the bedpost. As it was rather dark in
the room. the moon having swung around. Sam
did not at ﬁrst notice his chum's predicament.
He saw that -he was awake. however. and that
was enough for him.

‘_‘Say. old man." he said, “what is this ladder
doing‘ under your window at this hour? Looks
as if_ thieves had been around. Is your money
all 1'_l2l'lt ?"

Still no answer from Joe—only a succession
of odd Jerks of _the head and body.

Jogam stepped into the room and walked up to

_ “Why. You're bound and gagged. and you're
‘tied to the bed. My gracious! what's happened ?"
as he tore the towel from Joe's face. “Has that
.mysterious Frenchman been here and got away
with your money 1"’

.“YeS. Yes!” gasped Joe. “He has been here
with another man. and they’ve taken the four
boxes with every coin. Did you ever hear of such

ﬁerce luck ?" added Joe. the tears coming into 'S

his eyes. “Robbed by that villain!
Ret free, will you?"

“Sure I will," replied Sam,
me all about it."

And while Sam labored to untie the knots. Joe
told him the whole story of the visit paid him
by Jules Glorieux and his. companion. and how
they.had stolen the four boxes containing the
English sovereigns.

Sam had him free before the story was finished."
and Joe wound up his mournful tale while hur-
riedly dressing himself.

Help me to

“Go on and tell

“We must wake up John. get a horse out to the‘ y
It's the only I

wagon and chase those rascals.
thing_ I can do. I’ve no doubt they went toward
the river. We may ﬁnd them at Highland waiting
for an early train," said Joe, feverishly. “But
tell me. he added. almost wonderingly. “how is
it you came over here at this early hour’! It is
Just three o'clock.” A

“I came over here because I got an idea into
my head that something was wrong."

How could you get such an idea as that ?"
asked Joe, in some astonishment. “Had a bad
dream?” .

_“No. The fact is. I haven't been asleep to-
night, and that's the luckiest thing for you that
ever happened." _

“You haven't been to sleet)?" cried Joe,
“Nary a wink." '

“Why. how was that 1"’ 9

“Oh. I was too excited over that live. thou-
sand you gave me. I went to bed at nine, but
when the’ clock struck two 11 «was still awake,
got up and looked out of my window. and w
do you think I saw '.”'

Zllow could I guess what you saw?’ _

I saw a horse and wagon coming at 3 redb
hot pace down the road from this direction.
were two on the seat.‘

“That must have been the wagon than  _ 

can-ryin
‘.‘,'I‘ha5s rixht. it_ Q 

“Did you reeogniae 11

* A.

oil? the boxes. and the “
nodded

 

 
  
   

     
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
  

“Of Bordeaux?” grinned Sam.

did."

“They were going toward the Hudson, as I

’- thought?”

“As hard as ey could put.” _

“They must e there by this time,” said Joe,
dolefully. '

“Perhaps they are: but the boxes of sovereigns
ar_en’t with them.

“Why, what do you mean?”_ _

“I mean the wagon met with an accident at
the bridge near our place ?"

“An accident?" _

“Exactly. One of the hind wheels came olf
suddenly, and those boxes of money, every one of
them. tumbled over into the c_:reek.”.‘

“Sam Parsons, are you telling me the truth, or
‘ is this one»of your Jokes ?” ’

‘Nary joke. It's the solemn truth- That S
what caused me to come over here. Those boxes
having been in the hands of the mysterious
Frenchman, who left us yesterday afternoon with
a threat on his lips, raised my suspicions, and
I came here to see if he and his companion had
paid you a night-visit for the purpose of getting
possession of that money. I was right. and Im
glad I came over.”

“If the boxes are in the creek. as you say,
we’ll get them out somehow. you may depend on
that,". returned Joe. enthusiastically. “We must
look out for those Frenchmen: They are sure to
return as soon as they can with ropes and other
means to try and recover the boxes. It’s up to
~ as to get ahead of them.”

“‘If.I wasyou, I'd send for the constable and
have those chaps arrested on the charge of burst-
lary. as soon as they showed up at the creek.”

“That’s just‘ what I mean to‘ do_."”

“I'll go for him if you want me to. volunteered
his chum. .

‘No. I'm going to wake John up now and send

- 19

in.

“The four of us ought to be able to capture

those monsoos. After -we have them safe in the

lock-up we can take our time ﬁshing 11!) the
PI

es. '

“You've got it down ﬁne,”Sam. That's the
way we'll do. Now for John. _

Joe left the room to arouse ‘the hired man.
leaving Sam to complete in his mind his plans fol‘
getting the boxes of money out of the creek.

 31-IAPTER ‘ IX.—-Capture of the Mysterious
.— Frenchman and His Companion.

- ’ iAt sunrise Joe Page. Sam Parsons. John Jones
" sud Constable Snodgrass were concealed in the

. ,5,’-ubbery near the creek bridge waiting for the
 ‘Frenchmen to show up. They had not been
filiere more than ﬁfteen minutes before they
 the sound of wheels come from the direc-
J'on_ofHi£hland. '
 "..‘I’_'l!.bet that’s
 others said nothing. but waited,_Jone_s
 out the Frenchman's revolver to inh,mi-
‘ ﬂierascalswhentheycan;_eui3. ._ ’

  
   
  

them.” said Sam. in some ex-

,  ‘.

       

_  3;’ ‘v

 

THE ROAD TO ‘SUCCESS

' “Bet your life I V

dandy , ,- vSam- .
 ..th.«e~;=wrii»‘%9¥. 

  

Pretty soon the vehicle have in sight and. sure
enough, the two foreigners were on the seat. Joe. ‘
who was peeping down the road. announced the. . '3
fact. The wagon drew up nearly opposite them: ,
then the Frenchmen got out. and the first thing ,,
they did was to scramble down the bank of tha «.7
creek to look into the water for some sign of ‘
the boxes. As the water was clear, they could « ‘
now see them quite plainly eight feet below ‘
the surface. Returning to the wagon, they busied -
themselves getting out ropes. with a pole and
hoisting tackle which they had brought from their Vi
sloop anchored in the Hudson. They intended to ’ ;
rush things, for they couldn't tell when. as they '
figured it, Joe would be discovered gagged in
bed and a pursuit. started. .

While they were thus occupied the constable
and John Jones, followed by the two boys, quietly —
made their appearance from the shrubbery. , V "‘

“Throw up your hands,” ordered Constable J‘

Snodgrass, producing his revolver._ 7 ' ii
“Sa_cre!” exclaimed Jules Glorieux, starthg *1’
back in surprise. I . =3

Jones stepped up and shoved his. at full code, ”
into his face. 
“Surrrender. you rascal. I’ve got the drop _’;_
on you,” thundered the hired man. 
“By gar! Dees is von outrage." cried the mys— I 1
terious Frenchman, glaring at the constable. “I 
demand dat you give an explanasheeon.” 
“I place you both under arrest,” said Constabh

His companion started to draw a revolver. but i 
3

Snodgrass. ‘ 
“Comment! (what)" exclaimed Glorieux. ‘You ‘ '

arrest us ?" 2 «-1
“I do——on the charge of burglary.” _ .1 
“Bgrglaree! Sare, you make one grand mis--_,

ea \ * . »..
“Well, I shall take you before the squire. and :
if I have made a mistake he will discharge you 
from custody,” replied the village ofﬁcer. 
“But. sare. I have no desire to go before so----V‘--P.
what you call him—squire." , ‘ 
“Sorry, monsoo, but I shall have to take  ,~
whether you like it or not! Hold out your hands. 
and the constable took a pair of handcuffs fron";'-K.
his pocket. ' ' ‘ ,.
Jules Glorieux put up a big kick against the Q.
steel wristlets, but he had to give in. for 
officer was inexorable. His cornpanion’s hands 
were bound with a rope. They were forced to  ’j—
into the wagon. all hands followed. and 'JolmT;‘
Jones drove the rig into the village. where the’ ‘
Frenchmen were locked up, pending their ex'- "“"
amination before the justice. ‘  : 1-
Joe had a stirring story to tell his motharf’ i_
and sisters when he got home for breakfast. and‘; ’.
tlqy were greatly startled. He had to go intovall '-

 

     

      

.t particulars about the movements of the my_'I,-
te ious Frenchman from the time he had ﬁrst‘
seen the light in the stone house. I
“Were you not dreadfully frightened when that 3
man held the knife at your throat, Joe 1” ask‘!
Mildred. with a shudder. , ~« ' 
“Well, I didn’t feelvery good.”  ‘K.’
_“I.am so thankful I came right downaulII"**~ .
without making a fuss,“ because the door til‘ =
locked." said Jns motlier.~ ‘It’: a great meta;
that he did not kill '0‘

 
   
        
    
  
 
    

E» .._

F

 

  
   

  
 

  
 

    
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
 
   
   
   
  

THE ROAD

-. ."Would you like to go to the village and _be
at the examination?" asked Joe. “Squire
will hold court at ten o'clock."

. ‘ Mildred was the only one who cared to go.

i She was curious to look. at the mysterious French-

: man and his associate. News of the arrest of the

.- two desperate Frenchmen who had broken into

: the Page farmhouse during the night circulated

—with great rapidity throughout the_ village of

Pembrook, and as a consequencea big crowd of

the villagers, both male and female. gathered out-

side Squire Dalton’s ofﬁce some time before the
hour set for the examination of the prisoners.

' When John Jones and the two boys appeared

they were bombarded with questions, but they

declined to say a word on the subject till they
rent on the stand to give their sworn testimony.

‘‘ At length the squire appeared and took his

seat. the witnesses were admitted and took chairs

 for them. and then as many of the
outsiders crowded into the small room as could
ﬁnd space» to stand. The prisoners were led
in by the constable and the proceedings began.
The Frenchmen were charged-with housebreakimz.
and both pleaded not guilty. Joe was the star
3 gﬁnegg against them. He was duly. sworn. and
' then told his mry in a cool straightforward man-

“What was in these boxes that_you accuse the
prisoners of ‘stealinz'-'" asked the justify _
“Valuable property belonkmz '00 me. T991195
30¢. not caring to confess the exact nature of
their contents as long as the boxes were at the
bottom of the creek. _
‘Were these boxes found in the pnsonei-s’
ijossess‘ ion?" -
‘Sam.Parsons is ready to testify that he saw
, ﬁe boxes in possession of these Frenchmen at
' two o'clock this morning, shortly after the rob-
k  “hail: boxes now"" '
-Fat :1-l\e¢‘g:tl’.0:l of Goose Creek. alongside of
.brid ." - -
'~  ow ‘came they to be“ there 7"
."'1'hese men were carrying them toward the
~ Hudson in a light wagon. which broke down at
“the bridge. and the boxes fell out into the creek."
'éCoim:able Snodgrass, if I ﬁnd that the evi-
"&7ae is ‘sufficient to warrant me in remanding
 prisoners, you will see that these boxes are
produced at. their trial." said Justice Dalton.
»‘ . Joe looked rather blue at those words. The
5 *eu3t¢dy of the boxes would-be taken out of his
. . ~ entirely for some little time. and he could
. tel! what might hapben to them during that
‘, of course, and Joe knew that-he was a
”g::pughly conscientious man; but if even one. of
should be accidently lost._Mr. Siiodgrass
. . never‘ be able to make its value Rood. _
The boy therefore decided. Willie SW" was RIV-
qvideneapthat he would take the constable
his conﬁdence in respect to the actual nature
J contents-'01 the boxes. and get him to S}‘»n_d
145 ¢h¢.v‘111a.ge bank for safekeeping until it
be necessary to produce them at the trial,
lie wouliuie obliged. anyway. to
the boxes. Atthe close of

  
  
   
  
   
 
  
    

   
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
   

 
 

  
 
 

’ go: ". but both de-
defoa‘:ytlia_ri‘a

 

The constable would be responsible for .

mucus the prisoners. were »

torvhat youilld to:

T() SUCCESS

Justice Dalton decided to hold the prisoners
for trial. and a commitment was made out.
Constable Snodgrass took them that afternoon to
the county seat and turned them, over to the
warden of the jail. The constable allowed the
boys to take the Frenchman's rig. just as it’
stood. for the purpose of recovering the boxes
from the creek and bringing them to his house in
the village. After dinner‘ the boys, assisted by
John Jones. started in to raise the money boxes.
Inside of an hour they had them out of the creek
and in the wagon.

CHAPTER X.——Joe’s Business Scheme.

“Well,” said Sam Parsons. as he and Joe Page
sat on_ the veranda of the Page farmhouse on the
following night. “I suppose our trip to New York *
is indeﬁnitely postponed.”

“Oh. I don't know." replied Joe. “Xou‘ve got
a matter of ﬁve thousand dollars worth of Eng-
lish gold to change into United States bank bills,
and the sooner you do it the sooner you'll feel
like an American capitalist.” '

“That's‘ right." admitted Sam.

“You haven't told your folks about than!‘
money ?" V

“No. I don't feel like giving it up. for that
 "what I'd have to do if my father knew I had
i

“Well. what are you going to do with the
money when you get it changed into bills?"

“I'm going to put it into a savings bank in
Poughkeepsie myself. Then I'll be able to ‘keep
a line on it. I'm sick of farming. If I should

see a chance to go into some kind of business ‘

that would suit me better. I'd have the money to
back myself—-see 1" ‘

“I_ see. but I'm afraid the possession of so much
money would be a temptation for you to embark
in schemes that might in the end land you on
your uppers.”

“Do you take me for a chump?" ‘

_“No. I hope not. Sam. I'm only giving you a
slight warning. Where did you hide that bag of-
sovereigns—in' ybur trunk '.’_"

“Np.  put it in a niche inside that wide chim-
ney in my room. If the house was to take tire
and burn down, the chimney would stand and the
money would be as secure as if in a safe.”

_“Well,_tliat’s _one of the advantages of those
wide. solidly built chimneys of our grandaddies.

That house you live in must be one of the old.‘ ,

suard." . A y .»
“It was built over eighty years a-go.".
“Why don't your father tear it down and put
up a new one ?"
. “He would if he got his
sanﬁdollars.”
“ e could put up‘a good
money." ‘

its on my ﬁve tliou~

released you will make a model farm of your
place here. You could easily build a place that
would make Squire Dalton’s ‘
cents. That's what It would do if I was in your

shoes." ,- . _ ,
“The ﬁrst t,hiI.IIr Pm going to dobvllthbgytﬁt
.10 to $3.!“  = .

  

1301197. ~ 30'!!-

    
   
 

 

 

 

house for  that _ in

“I suppose when your boxes of sovereignsiare -- 

niaesiooi: like thirty

      
  
  
 
 
 

 14 THE ROAD

“Another ﬁve thousand dollars!” gasped Sam.
“Yes. I might never have recovered those
boxes but for you. I want you to understand that
»I am grateful to you. I certainly would have
remained bound and gagged at least three hours
longer if you hadn’t come over here and released

- \

“Ho! I didn’t expect any pay for that. We’re
chums, aren't we? Well, I’d expect you to do the
same thing for me if you thought anything was
wrong in my direction.” I

“And I’d do it,\Sam," replied Joe. promptly.
“Five thousand is little enough by way of a Dres-
.‘ ent for saving my money boxes, and so that’s
6;. what you’ll get. You can hand your father over

half of it, if you want to. to build a new house.”
- -. "I’d do it, if he wouldn’t insist on getting the
' other money.”

 

3 “Well. Joe, I'll tell you how you can ﬁnd use
a for that money in a way that I think would suit
you_ . .

“How?”
“lnly going into a business partnership with

 

“A business partnership with you!" exclaimed
Sam, in surprise.
“Yes. I’ve been talking the matter over with
. my mother, and she approves of the project."
.. “Does she’! Then it must be a good one.” ,
 ‘I think it is. I've had the idea in my mind
for nearly a year.”
“What is it ?" ’
 ‘ “The produce commission business
. York.”
 “Gee! that isn’t bad.
‘— thing about that.”
7= “We only know it from the producer's point
of view in a practical sense; but I picked up the
whole theory of the commission end from a smart
young ‘chap who boarded with us a couple of
weeks last summer. As he saw that I was inter-
ested in the business, he gave me points to burn.
and I haven't forgotten a single one. Now that
I shall be able to handle a good bit of money,
I'm going into it. Why, with the capital l’ll have.
, ‘I'll be able to make the fur ﬂy."
3 “Any business you were in would suit me to
the queen's taste." said Sam. enthusiastically.
''I’d like you for a partner ﬁrst rate. I wouldn't
be afraid of getting skinned out of my cash.
Come, now. tell me something about the com-
mission end." ‘
Joe at once explained to him how the busines
was conducted in New York. The farmers in
New Jersey and, certain counties of New York
sent their produce consigned to diﬁerent com-
mission house in the wholesale provision district
west of Hudson street and below Fourteenth street,
 York City.’ These selling agents in turn
‘disposed of the consignments to wholesale dealers
‘win lots to suit at the best‘prices they could get,
and rendered statements of the transactions to
-’the farmers. The men who manazed the New
;»York end of‘the business in the interest of the
. 1-country. producers were supposed to be content
. «with a straight commission for their services.
 ‘ ‘That was a simple and straightforward method
‘J dointthe IDIISIIQBSS.’ The young man who had
'a:aa)aanlod.rat.xl1o.PIRo_1arnIhouoe dun-mg the early
.(l'*~¥5l!*—N'®031!_lK l _- assured Joe
 _ .«froan,pcnoaal~expenenoe,.that-the

in New

We both know some-

 

   
   
 
  
  
  
 

   

 

  

  

 

TO SUCCESS

farmers, who were .compelled to trust the _e_om- *.
‘mission people, were the victims of a systematic 
bunco game. ' .

“He told me that the producers got it in the
neck all the time.” said Joe. .

“How do they?” asked Sam, much interested.

“He says the commission men ﬁgure up all
kinds of charges against the consignments, in ad-
dition to their regular commission. and that the _
balance rendered in favor of their customers looks
very dizzy after the head bookkeeper has footed it . '
up.

“Is that a fact?” ‘
“It is, if Dickson——that was the name of our .;
boarder-—told the truth.”

“Why, that’s a swindle,” cried Sam. indignantly.

“That’s what it looks like. I think thereis
some truth in what he told me. for I_have heard
a number of farmers up this way complain of the
way they had been treated by the commission
houses of New York. I know of farmers who let
lots of fruit and vegetables go'to waste because
gfy”said it didn’t pay to ship it to the city for _ 

e.

“Gee! that’s ﬁerce. But I should think a
farmer would shake a commission man after get- .-
ting one or two hard deals form him and try c
another.”

“He does, naturally. but it doesn't help him
any.” r.
“Why not 7” " :

“Because, Dickson told me that the chief
commission houses are banded together and every
one worked along the same lines. The producer “-
is up against the same scale of charges. no matter"
what house he favors with his stuff. and. in ad-
dition, is kept out of his money for an indeﬁnite,
time.” I

“No wonder so many farmers cry poverty." ‘
said Sam. “I’ve heard my father squeal about-‘
the little proﬁt there is in his fruit when he sends ,
it to market.” ' ’

“Now, Sam, I propose to start in the commie-I "
sion business on strictly an honest basis. Diek- .:_
son said there was a good profit on a ﬂat com- ,-
mission of ten per cent. Of course. there 
sometimes charges, but these are the exception. .3
not the_ rule. when the country products 
shipped in proper shape. If a farmer is carelaas ~
in this respect he is bound to be a sufferer. and
nobody is then to blame but himself.”

“That's right," nodded Sam.

“We'll open an office in the right location, or -‘
near it as we can ﬁnd a suitable place. Then ~-
we’ll take turns drumming-up the farmers in dﬁ'- 
‘ferent sections, assuring them of fair treatment. 7
As soon as business begins to come our way we'll >1‘
canvass the retail dealers in the city. the 
ones personally and the small fry by .cireulars.> ‘
Then. when things get fairly started. we’ll try {.1-_ ;
the hotels—the smaller ones ﬁrst. and so on up “Z:
the ladder. In fact. I don't man to stop at 
ordinary produce business. I'm going into 
calmed industry as well, With my capital I'll” .
be able to handle large consignments of 
outbid many houses in our ' whose capital in
either limited or tied up. Cash talks every day
in the week. If you've got the money to one
down on the nail the stud! comes yoarway f "‘
time.- [shall he ableto make eontractlwitglc ,

nswamslupacomoonlcs and other. A _  W 4 *
randdoaswell busnnes. Intact.  I

    
  
 
 
                    

  

       
 
       
  

 
  
 

  

   

  

THE RQAD TO SUCCESS

_ out for. The country produce will be the open-

‘ ing wedge. If through honest dealings and quick

. returns we can get control of a large part of the

. -V -farmers’ business. we'll be able to establish a

' ﬁne trade, and once we have secured the con-

ﬁdence of the producers we'll be able to hold

' ‘N it against all comers. What do you think of it,
" ;  PI

, ‘ “_Fine!" cried his chum, enthusiastically “When
are you going to start in?" .

' “Right away, if you don't mind letting me
v use your ﬁve thousand dollars to set the ball roll-
’  I can get control of my own funds.”

“Let you use it? Well, say, just freeze on to
every cent of it. I'm with you in this thing from
the ground floor up.” _
 “You'll never regret it. Sam. It will be a
o '- start in life for you as well as for myself. But,
-  remember. it will be a case of hustle from the be-
ginning. You can't expect to sit in an oﬂice and
look for things to come your way. We'll have to
.get out and work like beavers early and late.

One of these days, when we’ve built up the busi-
ness. we’ll be able to take things easier. But

 that won't be for a long time."
‘ “I'll hustle, bet your life. Anything is better
than everyday farming in New York State. I've
‘had all I want of it, and I guess _you know as
well as I that there is no future in it.” _

.- ,“Well, it's after nine o’clock. Sam. Time you
were going home. Fetch over that bag of
sovereigns by eight in the mornmz. We'll take
‘ the 9:10 West Shore train at Highland for Wee-
_hawken.” ’ _

_ ,. The boys parted for the night. Sam departed
j with his head full of visions of the future. and
feeling as if he had suddenly become a full-
Jgrown man. -

 
  
  
   
   
     

 XI.--Page 8: Parsons, Commission
I Merchants.

4 When the boys reached lower Broadway next
‘morning after eleven o’clock Joe led the way to
'a _well-known trust and safe deposit company to
-  which he had been recommended by the president
"of the village bank. He sent in his letter of in-
;troduction to the president and was admitted to
‘that gent1enian’s private office. To him Joe told
 story of the finding of the twenty thousand
-"pounds of old English sovereigns under the
’-foundation of the old stone house on his mother’s
?*”'“ property. He recited the adventures he had with
., _jthe'mysterious Frenchman. who had come all the
” any .from France, by his own account. with a
ielne to

.: locate it. ‘ _ ‘ _ _
7  The president was very much interested in his

 

“9='i~iow,~ Joe, “I have here a sample of the
‘treasure. one ‘of the bags which I gave my chum
‘I boxed the rest up. It contains one
jﬁaund pounds. I want to exchange that for

_1ms1-icon money. Then. as soon. as the author-

g.

cm: Frenchmen. I want to sell the other
, j ghousundpoimds. New will you under-
 ‘ _ this-for-rneyfor a suitable compensa-
 ; .-  the»compsny would do‘ tlint

     

I

   
 

the buried treasure. but had failed to -

.- . releuscths four boxes after the trial of‘

    
  
 

.. ybothlaoys.‘ Joollada long.

15

“This bag is an exact sample of the others.
for my chum and myself have handled every
coin when counting it."

The president examined the money closely and
was satiﬁed it was the real thing.

_“Wasn’t there any papers to give a clue to the
original owners of this gold “I” asked the gentle-
man.

“No,” answered Joe. “There was not a thing
in the chest but the twenty bags, each one care-
fully tied at the mouth just as this one is."

The gentleman sent the bag outside to the cash-
ier to count it and compute its exact value in
American money. When this formality had been
completed, Joe was paid about forty-eight hun-
dred dollars in bills, and took his departure, prom-
ising to call later with the rest of the English

money. After a good lunch the two boys started’

for the wholesale provision district of the city to
look the ground of their proposed business ven-
ture well over. They found a store for rent in the
heart of the district, with the office partition
standing, and Joe hired it at once for a year, with
the privilege of renewal at the same rent. .110
then gave an order to a sign painter for a board
sign to go over the door.

“Page & Parsons, Commission Merchants, will
look ﬁne, you bet your life,” said_ Sam, enthusi-
astically, as they left the painter’s shop.

“It is the first step we are taking on our road
to success,” replied Joe, as they started across
town toward Broadway.
next move we might as well register at the Sin-
clair House, for we shan’t leave the city for two
or three days.” '~

“That’ll suit me‘ all right,” replied his com-
panion, with a pleased chuckle.

So they went straight to that hotel and en-
gaged a room.

“Now, Sam,” said Joe, as they started uptown
along Broadway to take in a few sights of the
metropolis, “the next thing we'll have to do—and
it is a matter requiring considerable judgment, is
to secure a competent and trustworthy man to
help us launch this business of ours properly. we

want a man with practical experience in the pro- '

duce commission line--a man who can run the city
and of the concern while we are out in the coun-
try drumming up trade.”

Sam agreed with his chum that the problem
was a serious one. Joe put an advertisement in
the Herald, then they walked up Sixth avenue to
Central Park and spent an hour there. They took
a Broadway car back to their hotel, had. dinner,
and afterward went to the theater.

had been in the produce commission business sev-
eral years, but had been forced out of it because,
as the boys learned at the interview Joe arranged
with him, he had tried to run the business on the

very lines the two boys contemplated themselves. “

“I did very well at the start," he went on to say.
“for the farmers were looking for a square man
to do business with; but when the other commis-

sion men saw how things were going they  

obined‘to drive me out of the district." ,-~. 

BI and his manna:
inpaessioa.

His name was Wiﬂiam
and conversation made a, favor:

   
   

“Before wegmake out .

V They got a i
number of answers next morning to their adver- ‘
tisement, one of them from a man who said he.

sp-

 

 
 
   

    
   
 
   
   
   
   
     
  
 

I6

convinced he was in every respect a desirable per-

, son to engage. He promised to give the lads the
full benefit of his experience in the business and
to taaie as much interest in its development as
though it were his own. When he found the boys
proposed to run matters on the same lines as he
had tried to do himself he expressed a_ strong
doubt of their success; but Joe told him they
would have capital to burn, and that they in-
tendedto burn a good bit of it, if necessary, to
force themselves to the front and fight the OP‘
position. - J

“We’re going to win- out, too, Mr. Black,”
said Joe, in a decided tone. ‘fSam and I are
hustlers and ﬁghters from the basement up.
We're young, it is true, but the opposition will
ﬁnd themselves badly fooled if ‘they fancy we’re
goingto be easy marks.’ We will have to depend

’ on your experience to a considerable extent at
the outset, and we hope you will do the best
you can in our interest."

“I certainly shall," replied Mr. Black.

‘At any rate, this will give you the chance to
get back at the men who did you up. That ought
to be some satisfaction, at any rate. With our
capital and energy, backed up ‘with your_expe-
rience, we propose to make things_hum in the
produce district. If you prove satisfactory, as
we think you will, you'll find that am and I will
do the right thing by you.”

., ..Mr.,Black was engaged, and he started at once
—f to get things under way. I

i -— He looked after all the necessary detailshmade
suggestions that the. young ﬁrm adopted without
question, and soon proved they had iqacle no mis-

in hiring him. 1 _

“He's all to the mustard," said Sam, as they
were preparing to return to Pembrook to make
their ﬁnal arrangements for an indeﬁnite absence
from their homes.‘ -

 ‘‘He’s a good, conscientious man, thoroughly up
in the business, and will, handle all the stuff we
can drum up '-in first-class shape. We couldn’t
have landed a better man if we’d tried for a
“month.” ,

“That's right,” replied Sam.
lucky to get him.” . _

The boys spent only a. day or two at their homes,
andthen started out to hustle among the farmers.

s It was arranged between them that Sam should
work up agreements among the roduce and fruit
growers of Ulster, Orange and ockland counties
of,New York State, while Joe devoted‘ his energies

  

“We were dead

perience for the two lads. t they had pluck,
energy and ambition to burn, and both felt con-
” ﬁdent that they had started upon the road to
'y Wxpuccess.

  
  

 

 it ‘CHAPTER XII.-—-The Rescue on the Lake.

‘Before he started toywork up the New Jersey
t!ltJ¢.J‘oe  river and a car down
 of busmeu, on Fourteenth street,
invent». 2.-Blackwas lathe olﬁce; reading a news-
 /Heirs: all. ready ,to_attend to business,
W, tam ‘ duingasiyet-,. ‘But, of

to the farmers of New Jerse . . Itkwas a new ex- '

V that Joe tried to reach. but it was some little any

, men had beenin the habit’ of treatimt him

 

“SHE ROAD TO SUCCESS ‘

signments of produce and fruits arrive in a few
days, just as soon as the young proprietors of the
business secured a few, patrons. Joe only stopped
a short time, just long enough to have a talk with
his manager—bookkeeper, and then he started for
the Desbrosses street ferry and was soon in Jersey
City, when he took a train for the point he in-
tended to begin operations. Both of the young
partners of the ﬁrm of Page & Parsons met with
success from the very start. J oe’s proposition ‘of
a ﬂat ten per cent. commission, with no bogus
charges tacked on to reduce the farmer’s proﬁts,
and a ten-day settlement, captured the producer
oﬁ-hand, and he readily agreed tosign an agree-
ment to send all his stuff to the new firm. Most of
the farmers that the boys talked into sending
introductory consignments to Page & Parsons
were inclined to think this new deal they were
promised was too good to be true. They soon dis- ‘
covered that.the house which promised them a
“square deal” was keeping its word to the letter,
and naturally they were so pleased that they made
the fact public, and many producers that the boys _
had been unable to call .on in their neighborhood ’
tried the experiment also of sending their stuﬂ
to the new commission house. The result was that
the old commission men began to notice a steady
drop off in their business, and, looking around to
discover the’ cause of this," they saw that the ﬁrm
of Page & Parsons, which had but lately invaded ;
the district, was getting business that by right,
they argued, should come to them. As this stage‘
of things got worse instead of betters as the boys
covered more ground, the opposition people came
toglether to see what could be done to remedy the
evi . '~
' The first thing they did was to send agents,
into the country to head oﬁ Joe and Sam, as well 1 V
as to counteract the success they had already;
achieved. -
The boys were prepared for some such den1'ou-
stration, and they began to tell the farmers that
they might expect to hear from the representa-
tives of their late commission men, and advised
them to pay no attention to wily promises of .
reform on the part of the old houses as long as
they were getting their full ninety per cent. re»
turns on a ten-day basis. The farmers who had
already done business with Page &. Parsons were
satisﬁed with the treatment they were now re-
ceiving, and the agentspof the other commission
houses found it a difficult job to make any of
them return to the old fold. , ~
The fruit season was now commencing. and the
very best of the early products found-their way
to the new house. so that the wholesalers and.
stewards of the big hotels had to come and use
Mr. Black if they wanted any of this stulf, which,
as a matter of course. they did. There was on:
big and inﬂuential fruit grower in New J

    
     
     
     
     
       
       
     
       
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
      
       
     
     
       
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
     
  

  
  
  
   

  
  
  
    
    

before he was able to secure an interview. . 
On account of his trade the old co ‘

  
   
 
 

decent1y—~eacii and every one _of them that an’ ‘
joyed the privilege of handling ‘co ' .
from his Irreatifarmaud on-chardswere‘ _yj’i
eager to try and retain hitiroodwill. ‘Age
as their early fruit buslneaslbegarrizo rooﬁng.”
 , made in:   -
commission ciao   Kr.

    

 
 

    

      
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
 
   
  
    
   
  
  
   

Q

, got together and dispatched one of their bright-
- est agents to “£11 lggdheadhfullbofffor any
. 31593 5 mi to ‘m y age arsons.
nfortunately this man reached his ear before
' -Joe was able to make his acquaintance. and the
result was that the brilrht boy got a cool re-
ception and a ﬂat refusal of business when he
‘ did. appear with a blank agreement to which he
‘had hoped to secure Walton’s signature. This
was Joe’s first important setback, and he retired
feeling much disappointed. _
— He recognized that the opposition had_ got in
ahead of him'and that their representative had
lied about him; but he _couldn’t do anything, and
had to accept his ﬁrst signal defeat with the best
grace possible. That, however, was not the worst
of -it. Mr. Walton’s neighbors, having £l‘e_8t re‘
spect for his judgment. followed his lead in the
‘ matter or; conci‘m}i‘ssion hlousets astir; otlligr l'l'_l8t:¢i1l'St,
and oe oun iswor cu on or min a
section of New Jersey. -
‘ ~ ~ It was a big card for the other houses to be
" able. to control the Walton fruit, for it had a
" :}andin§a among the whollesale ttrhade htaléat pal‘:
* " 'trnoreor essin es ewi
the nllllgherr Eluass of customers. Walton fruit
fetched the highest prices and sold right oﬂ'_ the
reel on its arreigal in New York. ‘ 't1'he QDDOSIIEIOH
,2 there r im ortan pom against age
& Pargsisscvghen tlllley git the new ﬁrm out of the
“zlalton business. Joe was a bit discoiiralged to
-‘ that he co not secure even a sing e cus-
tomfar in the f\;l"a ton legality, wherei the heist fruit
won come om as e season a vance .
~ “I hate to give the light up here," he said _to
unself, “but I've done the very best I could in
‘H locality uaind I can't make ‘the legit hheaS.tdv;ay._'t'
—; ewasj comingaway rom e rui
‘-farm on his list in that neighborhood, after re-
giosiving the usual_ turn-down. He started down
the road on his bicycle toward the village _where
‘ he was stopping while he canvassed the district.
_.’He had ii) ‘Bassf the Walton £ir(iiiiresidt 31; Wiltlit
whereaaeosomesize re roa.
;As.he drew near /this body of _water, which was
._'rumed by a stiff afternoon wind. he noticed a
pretty little sailboat, in which was a lovely miss
of perhaps ﬁfteen and a well-dressed boy of a
year. older.
-The boy w}as steelrling the boat, a:‘d from tllwie
‘n oftesm craftitstru oe,wo
rho: :ome_thin_g ::§oul;rl:oaE i};!ai]l1i'drlIg. that thlebolggl
_ n cein e o a mgasai .
Jlgsieapt give] eye on the craft ‘as he rode _along.
“That chap knows as much about sailing a boat
a donkey does about dansclinzfhlﬁveltio if hte did
. something. was re 0 im pu out
, are lake in-this wind. especially with that girl
“ﬁr a passenger. I shouldn't be xtit, all surprised
30 see him capsize at any momen .’
‘Die words was SCt8!'Ce]l(Yt§l1t of] his mouth be-
sadden 4 w s me e sai .
I boatman. the boy was wholly unprepared
it. and the boat upset. Struggling in terror
oou1’usion.‘the lad struck out for the nearest
- leaving the   to her ffagje.
.eould'notswim.an t s ennesso. e
pal; hadwun rved er. ~With a cry of

  

  
  

ll
C 4 sprang 4  wheel and rushed
,1 xgjgpgfshqreiof By.this time the

.1

  

‘ THE noAi'> T0 SUCCESS

Not being a ”

‘oars. Hr. Walton  up its

  

ll-

alone ﬂoating upon the surface of the troubled V‘-V
water. — _ —

;‘By George!” breathed Joe, “I must save her if
I Can. but I’m afraid it’s a case of touch and
go.”

He was an excellent swimmer, fortunately. He
kicked of his shoes, cast aside his jacket, and
sprang into the lake. With strong, sturdy strokes,
hand-over-hand fashion, he worked his way out
to the drowning girl. 

“She’s coming up," he said. “If I can only ;‘
reach her before she goes down again." “

The distance he had to cover was too far. how-

ever, and her struggling form went under for
the second time before he. got within a dozen
yards of her. In the meantime the boy had reach-
ed shore and was running frantically towar a
ﬁne-looking mansion notfar away to get 1).
This mansion was the residence of Mr. Walton.
and, as it happened, the girl who was now in
such desperate peril was his only daughter, the
pet of the household.

Joe put on an extra spurt and reached the
spot where Jessie Walton had gone down for the
second time just as she reappeared in a senil-
unconscious state on the surface. He grabbed
her at once and skillfully lifted her head above
the waterline, while he swam out with’ one hand
for the keel of the overturned boat. He reached
it after a great eﬂort, and, getting a good hold
on it, held the pallid and motionless girl as far
out of the water as he could. while ‘he rested
himself. ,

As the moments passed he found his situation ._
growing more and more uncomfortable. for he 
could only use one arm to hang on. while the ‘ a
other was employed in supporting the girl. who 
was gradually regaining her senses. This brought "
a heavy and awkward strain on his left arm, and ~
he‘ was afraid he would soon have to let go and . '_
swim with his burden for the shore. At this point. 
however, Mr. Walton and his gardener came to-
ward the lake at a run, the father nearly frantic
with anxiety at the thought that his beloved child
might now be lying stark and dead at the bottom.

The gardener’s sharp eyes made out Joe cling-
ing to the bottom of the sailboat with Jessie at
his arm. and he called Mr. Walton's attention to
the fact. There was a rowboat tied to the shore 
a short distance away. and to this both men re- 
paired as fast as they could get there. They ‘=
pushed of and the gardener pulled at the cars
with all his energy. The overturned craft with
its living freight was being blown further and - _
further away from the shore. a fact that Joe soon 
woke up to. ’ '

“I'm afraid it’s too long a distance to swim
with this girl.” he said to himself. ‘:l’ll have
to try and manage to get astride of the .keel
and haul her up alongside of it. Somebody will
be sure to come out after us before long.”

He was about to put this scheme into practice
when he heard the sound of oars. and looking
back across the water saw the approaching boat.

 

 

  
     
      
      
       
      
 

 

  
 

cnsprnn XIII.—-Joe captures A Big C¢ut1Ict.~
Shouting words of uieoui-agorllcnt to  , 
was °° 

   

uririnx hisétlrdener tolhia boot,

      

 18

anxious eyes fastened upon his slowlv reviving
daughter. At last, after what seemed an age
 _ to the distressed father. the boat shot within
is reach of the capsized sailboat. and Mr. Walton
bent down and grasped his child under the arms.
“Thank heaven!" he breathed. as he drew her
into the rowboat. “you are safe. my Jessie.”
She murmured. “Father.” and feebly tried to
. throw her arms around his neck.
X» In the meantime the gardener assisted Joe into
the boat and then pulled out for the shore. Mr.
1- Walton thought of néthing but his daughter until
they were within reach of the solid ground. when
she was so far recovered as to be able to walk
ashore on his arm.

 

‘Yoimg man." said the big fruit grower. “l_

. am under the deepest of obligation to you for
, going to the assistance of my daughter when
"— that sailboat upset. I feel sure that but for your
-. . proinptness and courage my child would prob-
ably have been drowned. You must come to my
home at once. for you are drenched. and your
clothes will have to be dried. Besides. I could not
think of letting you depart in an _off-hand way
after what you have done for us.’
“Very well. sir,” replied Joe. “It will. of
course. be necessary for me to have my clothes

I will get my coat and shoes and my bicycle,

which was only a short distance away, and fol-

low you to the house."
 “No, no,” replied Mr. Walton; “my gardener
~- A will get your things. William. go for this young
 man’: wheel and other articles."

“I hope you are feeling better. Miss Walton.”
said Joe to the pretty but water-soaked miss. as
the three walked up toward the mansion.

“Yes, thank you," with a blush and a smile,
as she stole a shy glance into the face of the
boy to whom she knew she owed her life. “I am
_ very grateful to you." she added in a low voice.
_:- “Don’t mention it. Miss Walton. I am very
‘ - happy I was able to reach‘you  time to prevent
,.: you from sinking the third time."

7 - “Great heaven!” exclaimed Mr. Walton, “was
7. 0 she so near death as that 1'"
1/ 4. “I'm afraid she was, sir. I was fully twenty
 _ feet away from her when she sank the second
time. I barely got to"her as she rose once more
_ ,. to the surface. However, as long as she is safe
., "--. it doesn't matter how close she came to drown-
i‘-‘- __ ing.” said the boy. with a light laugh. “A miss.
 I‘ you lmow. as is gpod as a mile.” _
E-3'” “My young fflel'ld.'lf you could realize how
i ‘ very dear my motherless child is to me you
would understand how words fail to express the
gratitude I feel toward you for saving her
precious life, and I shall not allow you to leave
my place until I have testified my appreciation
' hi some ﬁttinz lnanner." _ _ _

;. “I hope you are not thinking_o‘f offering me
my reward, sir.’ said Joe. hastily. “for if you
are I must decline to receive it."

,  “No, in lad. I am not thinking of doing that.
 ‘ r It would be utterly out of my power to pay you
 «tor a service that is beyond price. But

 

  

I shall
’ ‘innit that you accept some little token as evi-
lanes of my esteem and friendship for you."
‘ “You have already thanked me in a way that
5;," you gratitude. and’ I-think that covers
4  replied 309.. _. “I_ . it see that I

   
   
  

. ydrled, as this is the only suit I have with me..

- things so hot for them that they'll be 

‘THE ROAD TO SUCCESS,

cuinstances. As long as I am a good swimmer.
it was up to me to do the best I could for the
young lady. I am sure anybody equal to the
emergency would have done just as I did."

They had now reached the house. and Mr. Wal-
ton turned his daughter over to the anxious-loob
ing housekeeper. who hurried the girl to her
room. The grateful father led Joe upstairs to
a chamber and told the boy to undress. He
brought him a suit of his own underclothes and
a pair of trousers.

“Put these on_ for the present." he said. “I
will have your own clothes dried and pressed:
but of course it will take a little while. You’
‘nus: consider yourself my guest for the day. at
eas ." ' ‘

After he had carried Joe's wet things down-.
stairs to the laundry-room. where a servant was‘
instructed to attend to them. Mr. Walton return-
ed to the boy and took him to his library.

“I think we have met before. have we not?’
asked the fruit grower.

_“Yes. sir." replied the young commission mer-
chant. “I called on you two days ago to secure
your fruit trade. but," with a smile. “I had very
poor luck. I could not induce you to even con-
sider my proposition." ‘

Ah. yes. I remember. Your name is?”
“Pag&—Joe Page. of the produce commission
ﬁrm of Page & Parsons. No. —- West Fourteenth A
street. New York. My partner and I have only ‘_
been in business a short time. but long enouglr s-_‘
to let the trade know that we're alive and hustling -5”"
for our share of the fruit and produce that comea_

to the metropolis."

Mr. Walton smiled good-naturedly. He now 
regarded Joe in an altogether different light thin
previously when the boy had addressed himself
to him in the guise of a canvasser for his trade.

‘‘I am afraid.I treated y.ou rather churlishly at
our last interview." said the fruit grower. “If
you will permit me I shall be glad now to make
amends for it." . f

“Well. sir,” said the bright boy. taking ad-
vantage of the circumstances. with an eye to
business, “I shall be happy to repeat my proposi-~ “
tion if you care to hear me." "

“I will listen to you with pleasure.” . , .

J oe at once launched into the object which had j
brought him into that part of New Jersey. and 2..
he talked earnestly and right to the point. iii». 4
Walton listened attentively. and when his guest 
had ﬁnished he told him the reasons for 
refusal to negotiate with the new ﬁrm. He had 11"
been dealing with his present commission people '
for years and had no fault to ﬁnd with them.‘-:9‘
Besides. one of their representatives had lately 5
called on him and made statements 
Pigzie 8: Parsons that did not appear to their
cr it. ‘ » ~

“Those statements were all lies.” ruiliad -Joe, -
a bit hotly. “We are stepping on the toes" .
the old commission men. and they have evidently
combined to freeze us out. But it won't do 
any good in the long run to run us down. ‘ Wt‘
have the capital at our back and have 
stay. If they go too far Fain going to

  
  

at

;;:‘.ii+.-' £555.». -.4ay,..x1 ‘.._~  ...;.'.

kn

 

   
 
 
 

  
 
 
      

   
    
    
 

      
  

    
   
 
  
 

in their horns. Their ran one man 0

 
 
 
   

   

  

ii‘ A ' , . THE RQAD T0 ‘SUCCESS

onus, there's going to be something doing they
won't like. I'll put every man in jail that I can
reach on a criminal charge. We may be_boyS.
but we're out for our rights.,and we're 20lll2.t0
get them. in spite of every produce commission
, man in New York.”

« Joe looked fight all over. and Mr. Walton rather-

i v admired his- pluck. _
’ “Well, my young friend." he said. .you_ have
won my life-long gratitude. and I .am going to
take advantage of this opportunity to repay you
in part for your invaluable services this day.
I will sign an agreement with you to send you
all my consignments hereafter. and take the risk

' ‘, of you doing as well by me as the other com-

mission people.” .

_- "You’ll take no risk whatever, sir.” replied Joe.

:2‘ _ promptly. “If we can’t show as good results as

-3 ‘the others. I'll tear up your contracts and _release

‘if... you from any further obligation/to patronize us.”

c.\- - “We hat is certainly very fair on your part."

t. smiled fruit grower. “Now. have you done

 ,. any business with my neighbors?”

; _“No, sir. I haven't caught one. They all seem
7 '10 follow your lead, and what is good enough for
you seems to suit them. I hope to have better
luck with them when I take your agreement
around with me and show them.” ,

“I think there is a better way than that.”

_ '“Whatisit. sir?"_ _ _ ’

_. « “If you will remain all night with us here. .1 ll

. take you around in my auto to—morrov_v morning

. and personally urge my neighbors to sign agree-

ments with you. I think I Will beable to secure

you the entire output of the district.” .

» “I shall be glad to accept your generous in-

-‘ xitation. Mr. Walton," replied_Joe. overjoyed at

the brilliant pros t. “It will be the biggest

’ kind of victory for t firm of Page & Parsons.”

“Your partner is not as young as you are. is
he?" asked the fruit grower.

. “Yes. sir. There is not more than two months

~ difference in our ages.”

“Well, I must say you are a pair of enter-
prising young fellows and deserve all the en;
-couragement you can receive. You have inter-
; osted me greatly. and. apart from the obligation
L i feel under to you. I shall be glad to give your
‘* business a boost. My fruit is the most sought

after in New York. and c0l}8€QuentlY commands
tgp-notch prices. It will be something of a card

7 for you to handle it. for it will compel the whole-

 7.31333 to patronize you. and will bring your ﬁrm

"__:3;;jrominently before the trade." ~

 ‘That's right, sir. I .had that in view when I

 out here to make a try forﬁyou, though

«every one I spoke to told m I _hadn’t a lZh0'St

‘G a show to catch you." 23‘

 

    
 
 
   
 
   

 

   
  
  
    
   
 

i~ “Then bod '11 ii 1
your perslivsiesrilre pdwxs.” lldlighed Mr. Walton.
—‘_. "Pm afraid it is more luck than anything else.
 H 1 mam beendso fgitigunlatgmuntgsgeedoii
‘ r
W  :.::.. W... I»... l. N...
‘lurk em‘ptv-hancle;l.‘' .. b _
, ‘a clothes were dried and pressed in time
‘ . him to go to dinner laokmgas ht i’-1808"}
' He”wmh:x then f0l':n1:llh3'. introducglito Jesneie‘
“   r -. . 'V“q.‘u. mm.” (
‘firirr-r  'vimw-9-0-=~ She
’  ‘any wayigin her uivoluntary

   

   
   

ey miscalculated‘

 

 

1.9

bath, and he voted her the most charming young
lady he had ever met.

Joe spent a very pleasant few hours with" the
Waltons, and then returned to New York, where
he acquainted Sam with his experiences.

It is not necessary to state that Sam was
agreeably surprised at Joe's adventure with the
Waltons, and it was only a day or so after that
big consignments were coming in fromcthe Wal-
ton farm, and the firm of Page & Parsons were
up to their eyes in business, and making money
rapidly.

In the course of time the trial of the two
Frenchmen came up and Joe and Sam were able
to testify as to the burglary of the money boxes.
The Frenchmen were sent to the Auburn Peni-
tentiary for long terms.

Joe received his boxes of money and turned
them over to a trust company and received a
check for $91,000. Enough was put in the busi-
ness to bring it up to a high standard in the
commission business. During the next spring the
boy ﬁrm went extensively into the canned goods
business.

CIIAPTER XIV.-—Conclusion.

As the summer advanced, Page & “Parsons had
all they could do to handle the fruit and produce
that came their way.

“Say. Joe,” said Sam. bursting into the omce
one morning at the end of the summer. “it looks
like a sure thing that the United States is going
to interfere in this Cuban mixaup. The paper - '
is full of it this morning. Now. if the Govern-
ment sends troops to the island there'll be a
sudden call for canned meats and vegetables. How
do we stand to ﬁll a rush order in that direction
if some contractor should happen to interview
us on the subject ‘."'

“Well, Sam,” replied his partner, “we can de-
liver $100,000 worth of such stulf inside of twen-
ty-four hours, and $50,000 worth more right on
top of that.” .

“Whew!” whistled Sam. “Do you mean to say

you have bought that much stock? You couldn't
have paid for it."
“I’ve bought it alter a fashion. That is. I've

ordered $100,000 worth of the goods to be held for
a certain time subject to our order. This cost
us $5,000. I've also spoken for the $50,000 worth
provisionally.”

“How did you come ,to do that?”

“Soon after the first suggestion appeared in
the papers that President Roosevelt might con-
sider it necessary_ to shake the ‘big-stick’. over
our‘ sister Republic I found out that a certain _
contractor had received a tip from a big oﬁ‘ic'nl "- ’
that bids for ctminissary stores would soon be
called for. On the strength of that I negotiated ” *
for the stuﬁ I have mentioned and then put in " 
an order to the said contractor to supply him
with $100,000 worth of goods at a ﬁgure that
would give us a fﬂl.‘ margin of proﬁt. I received
ainomcommittal reply from him. but-I eonciudgd
to risk $5,000 on the chance of getting the order. ’
The goods are ready to be shipped from the Mid-'
dle West on a telegraphic notice. and arrange-
ments can be made .to send them on/“by .‘ V
frelxht ifneeessary. ‘I1  "‘
make a quickdemaad for supplies Itilnx '0

   
     
 

   
   
  

   
   
    
   

 

 
 
 

  

;-“I sudden departure for Cuba..

 

‘meet the emergency in shorter time than any
‘one else in our line."

“Joe, you've got a long head, upon my word,
you have," said Sam. admiringly.

“The times are so swift, Sam, a fellow has got
to see some distance ahead or he isn't in the
running.

“That isn't any lie.’ By the way, I see you've
got your grip here this morning. Where are you
going over Sunday? Home ?”

“No. Got an invitation out to Sunbury."

“That's the third,” snickered Sam. “Things
are rushing in that’ direction.”

W;1Oh. you get out. This invitation is from Mr.
ton.

“Sure, it is,” laughed Sam. “Miss Walton hasn’t
the least idea you’re‘coming. No. of_ course not.
Won’t be at the station to met you in her pony
.phaeton, like she did on the other occasions. Ho,
ho, Joe, you can't fool your old pard." and Sam

' walked chuckling out of the ofﬁce.

Joe took an early afternoon train for_ Sunbury
and found Jessie Walton waiting for him at the
station with her dog-cart.. She drove him to her
home herself, as she was _quite a whip _in her
way. He enjoyed himself immensely during his
short stay, and was decidedly sorry when Mon-

- day morning came and he had to leave for New

York. _ _
“What do you think. Joe 1”’ said Sam, coming

into the private olﬁce that afternoon; “Jackson.

& Cornish have gone into the canned goods busi-
ness.” - .
“Who told you they had? It's the ﬁrst I've

, heard of it.”

’ “Johnson. bookkeeper for Tibbetts & Co. He
and I are kind of friendly. He told me Jackson
had nailed a big contract this morning. but he
couldn't tell me any of the particulars._’’

“Where did Johnson get his information from?

« Do you think it's reliable '."'

l“He got a hint from one of Jackson's em-
1: oyees. _
‘Well,’ I suppose we shall find them trying to
cut into our trade. They're pretty sore over the
way Mr. Walton hook them for us. If_the_y
could turn the trick on us once and a while it
would make them feel good.”
' Half an hour later Joe was walking down the
street and he almost ran into Jackson. ,
“Did you get that Government order you re

' after yet 1'” he asked, sneeringly.

Then he passed on, leaving Joe in a state_ of
great astonishment, for this was the ﬁrst time
Jackson had ever addressed him.

Next morning the papers had the news that
eertain troops of the Department _of the _East had
been ordered to_hold themselves in readiness for
That meant. if
true, that supplies would be needed at once, so
Joe called up the contractor to whom he had sub-
vmitted a bid and asked for information. The
reply came back that a contract had been made

V, already’ with Jackson 8: Cornish to furnish _all-
‘ that would be required. This was a severe dis-

 gawointment to the boy. ‘

“ t‘_‘Wo1I, Sam, Jackson & Cornish have managed
_g._ “gt back :-ttousthgt last‘-""t;18o:.ald when his
* ' .c3l}I9  37 . . »

?3 U»  in some astolliéhxnont.

r U

  

  

. WALL STR_EE“)R"

THE ROAD TO SUCCESS

E

Joe gave him the particulars and his chum was
disgusted.

“That's ﬁerce. Shall we lose that 85,000 1"

“It looks like it just now. But don't worry,
we can stand it. I took chances on a long shot.
and a screw worked loose somehow. That's the
whole story."

About two o'clock in newsboy brought in an
afternoon paper into the oﬂice. Joe picked it
up and the‘ ﬁrst thing he noticed in big type
was a railroad accident on the Lake Shore Rail-
road. A fast freight had been derailed east of
Cleveland, and about twenty cars had gone down
an embankment and been smashed into kindling
wood. The accident had been caused by a de-
fective switch. The story had no particular
signiﬁcance for Joe, and he soon tossed the paper
aside. It was getting on to ﬁve o’clock when a
man he had never seen before was admitted to
his room. ' '

“You have the reputation for beiiﬂ able to
ﬁll rush orders for canned goods, Mr. Page,” said ’
his visitor. coining directly to the point. “Now,

can you deliver in Jersey City a pretty big or-‘- T

der—say $100,000 worth of prime preserved meats
and vegetables——in twenty hours? If so, let me
have your m/ice."

“Who do you represent, Mr. Pratt ?” asked Joe.
“That isn't material." replied his caller. “I
want your spot cash ﬁgure. Money talks. doesn't '
it . "
“It usually does." replied J oe. who then quoted
the man a price which his visitor accepted. eon-
ditional on the delivery of the goods within twen-

-ty-four hours at the outside, but twenty if poa- *7

sible.
“Here is a certified check for $10,000 on ac-
count." said the man, “as a guarantee the goods

will be taken on arrival within the speciﬁed time. i ll

Send your representative with the documents-to

my oﬂice to-morrow the moment you receive word  ,

the cars are in the freight yard. and the balan

will be paid in bills.”  
The man took his departure. after laying his ‘ ’
- card on Joe’s desk, and then the young commis-

sion merchant rang up the Dundee concern on the
long distance wire. and completed the purchase of '
the $100,000 order. conditional on arrival of the ‘
goods at Jersey City within twenty-two hours.
Next morning Joe learned that the canned

goods Jackson & Cornish ‘had ordered from I‘:

Chicago to fill their Government contract had 

gone to smash in the Lake Shore freight wreck, :
and then he smelt a mouse. Jackson J: Cornish y
in a roundabout way had placed the same order ‘

with. him to ﬁll, sacriﬁcing their proﬁt in order; —,

to be able’t'o ﬁll their contract.
The goods arrived in time and Page & Parsons
got their money for them, and then the two youn

‘\ J.’

partners had a quiet laugh at the‘ expense o 

their rivals. '

We need only mention one more fact which. i 3  '7.
Joe conﬁded to the author the other day, and thtt hi 

is Jessie Walton had. with her father's consent_.1

promised to marry him when she reaches her‘
eighteenth birthdaY- " ~
With those words we close the career

fortunate boy. .

Next wan.-. ism win contain ~cnAsi72tc.,
POINTERS:

  

—~ 5

9,5 -3;. Q

 

rt-In Lvcxinsfr not 

     
    

    
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
  

CANALS ARE DEATH T0 DEER

; More than 200 deer have been drowned this

‘ winter in the cement-lined canals of a water
and power company operating in the High Sier-
ras in California. The deer apparently leaped
into the canals to drink and were unable to regain
~.- their footing on the cement.

’ NEEDLE BOY SWALLOWED PIERCES '
HEART ‘

A Joseph Pandolso, four years old, of 49 Stone
M street, Newark, N. Y., died in the Newark City
,_Hospital as a result of ‘swallowing a needle to
3 which was attached several inches of thread. An
autopsy revealed that the needle had worked its
"I way through tissue and penetrated the heart.

-7‘f0ll0Wl1'l2 articles. which he had swallowed at
‘diﬁerentr times: Eight small bits of wood, two

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS .-

Also found in the child's stomach were the V

21

 

overcoat buttons, a two-inch square of woolen
cloth, eight inches of cloth tape and several feet
of string.

BAG WITH $7,000 JEWELS KICKED ABOUT
AS TRASH

A chamois bag, containing ﬁve diamond rings

and a diamond pin, with a total value of $7,000,

is again in the hands of its owner, after having

lain for several hours on the sidewalk of _a busy '

downtown street in Syracuse. Previously unno-
ticed because it looked nothing more than a piece
of chamois, the object attracted the attention of
Mrs. Mary O’Brien, Police Headquarters matron,
who thought she might make use of it cleaning
windows.

Picking it up from the gutter,,where it had
been kicked by a passer-by, Mrs. 0’Brien found
the jewels inside, reported the fact to Police
Headquarters and returned the bag when its
owners, a local woman, reported its loss to police.

  
 
  
 
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
   

Handsome Colored Covers

I . Led a Crook Gang.”

 

Send her‘ a sample
 L rm.-:nr::s More

  

     
   

Buy “Mystery Magazine”

No. 162 IS OUT TODAY, CONTAINING
A Lively Detective Novelette, by GROVER KIDWELL, entitled

“THE INTRIGUERS”

It has a splendid plot and is full of exciting adventures
DON’T MISS THE NEW TWO-PART SERIAL

“A TEST OF CONSCIENCE” »
By J. B. WARRENTON ”

. »-And the seven interesting short stories:

“LAWFULLY SWINDLED,” by Glenn A.
“P. 0. P. TAKES A HAND,” by H. Bela ger
“LET THE GUILTY MAN SUFFER.” b
“A GLASS OF WATER,” by Jack Bee dolt

“VERY NEARLY PERFECT,” by Noble W. Hunt
“THE GIRL IN THE RED MASK,” by David F. Galvin
“PROVEBBS AND A CASH BOX." by B..vM. Goldenbcrger

‘In addition there is an article by POLICE-CAPTAIN HOWARD
“THE LAST OF THE GANGSTERS”

' Also a number of shorter items:

~ A “A Wornan Detective,” “Hunt is Dump_y Bandit,” “Recaptured Convicts,” “Alleged Fence Ar.
“rested,” “Control of Detective Agencies,” “Mystery in Mail Theft” and a Beautiful Woman

"FREE HANDWRITING READINGS
By LOUISE RICE

of your writing and‘ she will tell your character and advise
you about whit you are best ﬁtted for. .
MATERIAL IN THIS MAGAZINE THAN YOU GET IN ANY
SIMILAR PUBLICATION ON THE NEWSSTANDS Q

Sixty-four Pages of Reading

ravatt

Anne E. Hadley

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

n

22.

 “ Rob and the Reporters

__. Of. —
Hustling for War News by Wueleu

._...—_—.—

By GASTON GARNE "

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER X.-—( Continued) .

t  they thought him asleep. but closer ex-
ation disclosed the truth. He was dead and

A cold. »

“May heaven rest his soull” exclaimed Father
Alphonse, crossing himself. “But what have we
here?” he added, pointing to a small brass-bound
chest.

Rob raised the lid, for it was nd: locked.

The chest was more than half full of gold and

silver coins. '

“Now may heaven be praised!" cried‘the priest.
“That poor girl has something to live  This
estate is entailed," he went on to explain. It

' will descend to Andre De Bois's nephew, and

Louise thought herself penniless, but this money
is justly hers. It explains what she never could
understand. The old man was always very miser-
ly. He pretended‘ deep poverty and d0_1ed 9|!‘
money to Louise for household uruoses in drib-
lets. She never could understan where he got it.
She must be informed at once."

He went to fetch her, telling the boys to re-
main where they were.

“This is certainly greatl" remarked Bob. ‘‘I
am so glad we were able to be useful to that
poor girl.”

They had been useful to themselves, as the
sequel proved. * s

Louise seemed rather relieved than otherwise
over her grandfather's death.

“I shall go at once to my uncle at Antwerp,"
.she told Walter, “and I should like’h take tins
money with me, but I dare -not undertake it
alone. It is a day's drive. Pierre willnot leave
the castle. Would it be possible for you two,to
go with me? Father Alphonse can get us a closed
carriage. So far as he knows there are no,Ger-
man troops in the section through which vﬁ shall
have to pass." ,.

“What do you say, Rob?” asked Walter, trans-
latin .

“Igshould say yes at once, but for Edith,” re-
plied Rob. , _ _

“But what good can we do Edith by remaining

7 A. here when we have not the faintest idea where

she is?" .

“That is true. and vet-——”
‘ “I.will give you ﬁve hundred dollars if you
 _see,me safely at my uncle's." broke in Louise,

‘ running the equivalent of that sum in Belgian



-Father Alphonse. urged them to consent, stat-

 urgent reasons why Louise
  as soon as possible.

,., ..

In

FAME. VAND FORTUNE WEEKILY‘

 
 

“I suppose we may as well go.” said Rob. “But
I hate to take such a sum from her.”

“We need it," replied Walter. “Listen, we are
not over here to be balked in our purpose. If we
expect to get news for our papers we shall have
to be hustling. and it is certainly up to us to im-
prove every opportunity. Once in Antwerp with
money in our pockets we shall be able to do busi-
ness. Whereas now we are practically helpless.”

So Rob yielded and it was decided to start at
daybreak.

The digging of a grave in the garden behind
the castle followed, in which the two bodies were
laid away.

. Father Alphonse performed the funeral cere-
mony, during which Louise bore up better than
the boys expected.

A quiet night followed and at daybreak the
priest was on hand with a carriage drawn by
two horses in which the chest was placed, and an
immediate start was made.

Louise was familiar with the road, so Rob, who
handled,the reins, had no diﬂiculty in ﬁnding his
way.

The journey was made without mishap-. They
were held up once only, when they reached the
Belgian outposts around Antwerp. but the men-
tion of Monsieur Berge’s name proved suﬁicient
for Louise's uncle was one of the richest and most
prominent bankers in the city.

Rob drove directly to his house, an elegant 1

mansion in the suburbs, where they were most
hospitably received.

_“You have performed a great service for myzl -
niece," Mons. Berge, who spoke perfect Eng- '

lish, told Bob. “The money she has promisedyou
will ‘receive, and it is none too much. If there
is anything else I can do to repay you. name it."‘=
. “There is nothing but to help us get_ to that."
front," replied Rob, after explaining his mission. »

“That will be very difficult,” answered the
banker, “but I will do my best. I have as much
inﬂuence with the authorities as any man in Ant-
werp. Remain here with us to-night and to-mor-
row I shall make It my business to see what can
be done to further your purpose.”

“Asleep, Rob ?" asked Walter that night after
they had been in bed fully two hours.

“No,” replied Rob, "but I've been doing my best
to keep quiet, for I thought you were." ’ -

_"Same here, but ‘I, was afraid you were awake.- 

I have been going over and over all that has.
hapgened. It all seems so strange." ,_
“ h, it isn't that with me,” sighed Bob. ‘‘I__

can't get Edith out of my head. It was a terri-’ ,,

ble thing to lose her the way we did."

1 “Shall we ever see her again, I wonder?"

"That's just it, Walt. Who can tell?"

Walter had not told Bob the true cause of his: '

wakefulness. - -
All through the lone‘ ride his wound had been
most painful and it was so still.

' Sleep came to both boys at last, but next mom- f I
ing it was found that Walter’: whole leg was in- f

ﬁamedfso Mons. Berge sent for a doctor, who ad— ’-
vised him to go at once to a hospital...as there
was danger that he;,_might lose the limb. ,

‘ “(To be eonéia-ea.‘ “ )

 

 
    

      
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
     
  
    
  
   
  
 
  
 
 

.“ V‘ .

'WOODPECKERS AND WORMS

A Woodpeckers make a lot of fuss. But while
they are knocking on wood they are searching for
meat. They play an important part in destroy-
ing the round-headed apple tree borer, according
to T. L. Guyton, Bureau of Plant Industry, Penn-
-sylvania [Department of Agriculture.

Soon after the borers hatch, the woodpeckers
ﬁnd them beneath the bark of apple trees. The
birds start right after the worms, continuing to
-drill for them as long as the borers are in the
 In several orchards where count was made
50 to 75 per cent. of the borers had been de-
ﬁstroyed by the woodpeckers.

The downy Woodpecker and the hairy wood-
. er are said to be the chief varieties of the
species that feed on round-headed apple tree

1bor_ers-

 

Q"

“UNUSUAL EFFECTS FROM COLORED
i GLASSES
‘Hie American fashion of wearing horn spec-
‘~-~: ﬁtted with lenses of vivid hue seems to
' 5: ground in England, but although the
. _ effect of these light ﬁlters is to make ob-
’ : appear to be the same color of the tint

ﬁnd, there are some startling exceptions. Thus
 S. W. -C., in Conquest (London).
Occasionally a thin piece of smoked glass will
found which appears h when held up to

   
  
  
    
 
   
   
    
  
  
   
 
  
   

a

- gi-eenis
 electric light; double the thickness by holding
itvo pieces together, and the lamp ﬁlaments be-

"‘ _ I brilliant red color. Scientists call this
 r eﬁect “dichromatism,” and it may be
’ shheerved with a number of other substances be-
sides glass. When quite dry, that _useful disin-
ieetant; permanganate_of potash, is nearly jet
but when first dissolved in water_it shows
' as the strength of the solution is in-
y and then a dark blue tint
' seen. that the color of that
‘cue sweetmeat, ‘creme de menthe, varies ac-

’ - to the thickness. When a_ thin slice is

  
       
   
     
  
  
   
  

   
     
  
     
 
 
  
 
    
     

f “:3 Zreater . . . '
Gold does not always glitter. and its_ dichroma-
‘ is probably afamiliar sight to sign writers
gilders, as the gold leaf they use is extremely
, If 250,000 of these ﬂimsy yellow_ leaves
ws . 5 ed one on top of the other. a pile only
inch high would be formed. The ‘gold beater
» done his work so thoroughly that the leaf is

but same treen. sold is so

powdered that the particles approximate in
3.. to the atom, they are held in suspension
’ ‘ -with water. and the solution becomes

- >.  .  purple.

~ JOHN BROWNS CAVLI}

' 0 out a, suggestion of the
’ that traditional sm
10.1 ’ Iii the .

‘ wanbwv

  

 

A

   
 
    

 
  
 

  

  

State His-

FAME AND FORTUNE ‘WEEKLY
coop READING

 a t, and when held up to the light_it is ’

.166 West  H J,

 

, set up a granite slab to designate the famous

éohn Brown cave situated southwest of Nebraska
ity.

The cave was a part of the underground rail-
road operated by John Brown when he was known
only as the Osawatomie abolitionist, and was one
of the hiding places for the slaves that he and
other Kansans sent to Canada by way of Ne-
braska. It was built in the Missouri River hill-
side, in the shape of a cross, and has an exten.
sion or chamber in every direction of the compass.
In recent years the face of the cave and the en-
trance have been overgrown with small trees.

The chasm was only one of a dozen or more
locations in the Middle West, but is the largest
of all because it was used as a distribution point
for the others. The entrance to the underground
Passages came from a ravine on the west side,
and was ﬂanked and hidden by an old log cabin
which is still standing with its calked-up hole and
battered weatherboards. Part of it covers one of
the entrances, which led into the cellar. .

Old settlers sa that the assa wa
cave extended byyrelays alohg th§eMis§oufrri°?2i?;:
bluffs over into Eastern Iowa, from where the V
slaves were sent in many directions.

About 100 feet north of the cave is an old-
fashioned well where water was drawn by means
of a long stick with a bucket on one and ma 3
weight on the other. The authenticity of it as
the John Brown cave is attested by a number of
negroes at various times. "

I
» ‘Mystery Magazine”
Semi-Monthly 15 cent; A com, "“'
155 LAUGHING niwrirs TRAIL. by mu Lenny 4....
‘CD393. ~

in was Mnmcnm DROPPER. . .

157 A UESTION or kick. b ianbing .1£:esw"""

153 rue mrfdrsar or 35m to wuiiiis by

1' .‘ '
159 rmi ii'ivmR"rin§_'rEs. by Hamilton cramp.

mo was siunow o N008 . b
161 yr 2 A. M.. by Beulah Poyntgr. ' 1'" B°°'"'°"'

Tl-IE INTRIGUERS
By GROVER KIDWELL
_ Out Torin! in No. 182
many E. WOLi-‘F. Publisher. 1.».
166 West 23d Street _ N" ywk C“,

“Moving Picture Stories” I
‘ “'°°*'r I-3-In D-M-d to rho:-my. -‘a nu...
PRICE TEN CENTS PER copy
Each number contain Th It kl of
1“x:¥‘:».‘i%in°:‘: 5"-'3"

F'iIinI»—Doinn or Actors and
and Lessons in scenario W:-mug.

HARRY E. wourr. Pablklyc, hp.

 

 

runs 0
W... 

   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

One hundred turns is the practicable limit for

single layer windings, if any degree of eﬁiciencY

. is desired. For amounts greater than that bank
winding should be resorted to.

 

Leave the construction of “D” shaped. I-figure 8,
basket wound and ball and socket variometers
to the manufacturer. He has the facilities-—all
{Eu haste is patience and ‘that is very easily ex-

us“ I I I

If two coils are not supposed to be in induc-
tive relation with each other place them at right
angles to each other. _
possibility of one aﬂecting the other.

 

 

When winding spider web coils, care must be

exercised to see that the space between turns

. are even. Even spacing is one of the.factors
controlling the eﬁiciency of spider web coils.

 

Double I-ilk-covered wire is preferable for
spider web and bank wound coils, as it aﬁords
satisfactory insulation, and also a saving _in
space. Double cotton covered wire'is also satis-
factory, but it requires slightly more space.

 

A variocoupler or variometer "have no wave
length range. The wave length range _is de-
pendent upon the inductance and capacity of
the other apparatus in the circuits that are used
in conjunction with it.

 

g  When mounting inductances of any sort avoid
the use of steel or iron brackets. These metals
impair the eiliciency of magnetic metals into the
ﬁeld of the coil. Use brass brackets.

 

Is THE ANTENNA DOOMEDT

Many of the latest radio sets now reaching the
public are of the loop type. What with the
simpliﬁcation of the Armstrong super-heterod a
circuit, as well as the development of radio- re-
quency circuits and reﬂex circuits, it becomes pos-
sible to produce compact sets which operate on
small loops. No factor has had a greater in-
ﬂuence on this move than the dry-battery tube,
which makespossible the use of four, five or six
tubes with a few dry cells for \the ﬁlament cur-
rent. Not long ago the writer of these lines at-
 tended‘ the demonstration of one of _the Arm-
. strong super- yne receivers. The particu-
lar receiver has a small, oblong loop inside the
long cabinet, the latter being provided with a
V .. handle so that it can be carried‘ about. Although
' the ‘demonstration was held in the steel-encased
 Building, loud and clear radio con-
;_ oerpvere intercepted from the local stations and
' At).-on a station in Philadelphia. ‘It is posi-

I  ®ﬂ%¥. this business of can-yin 1 radio
.  st} room. while,a. concert , , out of
'.. Because of the directional
-, otMtbeloop.theI.BT0onaeta'pro-

 

This will preclude any.

' q and_a"recpivinx'sst

  

‘ _ ~ FAME: AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

 lN1‘_ER.ESl‘lNG RADIO NEWS gun HINTS

 

_vide additional selectivity, which is very desirable
in these days of heavy radio traﬂic. .

POWER FOR THE RADIO RECEIVER’

Convenient power for the radio receiver is now
available in the recently introduced “Unipower"
unit of a well-known storage battery manufac-
turer. This' unit combines a special form of
chemical recharger with the usual storage bate-
teries for the ﬁlament and the plate circuits of
the receiving sets. The unit is permanently con-
nected with the electric light socket, so that it is
self-char 'ng and will “ﬂoat-in” on the line. and
the radio‘ listener may use the lighting current
direct, so to speak. properly rectiﬁed and reduced
to the required voltage. The Unipower unit is
kept at full potential by fresh current coming in" _
as fast as the set uses it up. Thus an owner I
may operate twentylfour hours a day, if he »
wishes. No battery crackling, buzzing or fading ~ ‘
out such as occur when batteries are just too ,
good to throw away, is experienced. The receiv- .1.
ing set is always maintained at its utmost eﬂi- 
ciency, so far as the battery current is concerned. E
The new unit will last for years... according to, I
the manufacturer. It comes in a heavy oak
case with connections grouped in a compact plate
at one side.

The Sodion tube, cleverly called “The Golden,
Rule Tube,” because it cannot'be made to oscillate
and thus interfere with the radio reception -of
others, is coming more and more into use. It_~S 
is quite diﬁerent from the usual vacuum tube, al-g, 3
though it is also a three-element tube. 'l'he"—-‘£5;
sodion does not have a grid or control electrode ;."’,»‘t§
interposed between the ﬁlament and the plate..‘£é"‘E_
Its name is derived from the fact that it utilizes K '
some unusual properties of an alkali. such as
sodium, and operates through the flow and con-_ -
trols the ions. The input circuit of the sodium’ . 
is connected between an ‘electrode-called the "col- .~ ;
lector," which corresponds to the grid of the v -‘
ordinary tube, and which is bent into a Z-shaped E
plate that partially surrounds the ﬁlament with ’ -.-'

ts open side toward the anode or plate. 
output» circuit contains the usual head telephones ,.
or transformer primary and “B” batteries, and. 
runs from this plate or anode to the ﬁlament.

The output of the sodion is a varying plate cur-‘. ’
rent. In addition to the collector and anode me1a- ; *
bers, the sodion tube contains a non~inductive_,’~ 
heater coil which-‘s in series with the filament‘. .

and is entirely enclosed between the tube and an I
outer glass envelope. - ,

Patents on the new device are pending. and 
is understood that exact hook-ups and details dw.  Q
construction will be available as soon as patent
are granted. , . p

In general, it is said to include a coupling re-
sistance so high that the strength of the incom- _,
ing signals are reduced considerably, requiring ‘
at least a three or four tube set. A radio tn-
quency step in the form of a radio
t _ which elmhma,any 

a detector
’ 1 . “.» A

 
 

 
 
   

   
 

   

    
  
 
 

     
   
  
  

  
 
  
    
   
 
  
  

  
  
  

   
  

    

  
 
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
     
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
     
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
    
 
 
    
 
  
   
   

N.-[Louder signals are obtained with two tubes of
’:_andio frequency ampliﬁcation. 1' _

;, The military value of the coupling unit to the

' avy is very high, since it enables a vessel or

station to carry on several times as much busi-

ness or trafﬁc as has heretofore been possible‘
without interference. The navy holds the rights

‘for military use. It has become a part of battle-

ship standard equipment. To the general public

_  chief interest will be that it will permit the
_‘:.iI8c of a single antenna on an apartment house

 hotel, wherein each tenant wants to operate

, his own set independently of others. A lead-in

icon be ran into each apartment or suite, the own-

‘er specifying that each tenant must use a coupler

.- unit. Many antennae on‘ housetops can thus be

 A number of radio manufacturers are

said to have made overtures to Dr. Taylor for

permission to manufacture the units, but to date

the name of the manufacturer has not been re-

a

WHAT ISTHE SUPER-I-IETERODYNE?

Called the Rolls-Royce of radio, the super-
. rodyne of late has been coming, into its own.
still inspires a certain amount of awe among
‘the radio laity, although, truth to tell, its com-
ale: nature has been greatly exaggerated._ First
all all, the super-heterodyne consists mainly of
two members, namely, a frequency changer and
long-wave receiving set.» It is based on the
an’ that a radio-frequency ampliﬁer will op-
fgratg easily on long wave lengths, but not so
' short wave lengths. It was Major E. H.
trong, the well-known radio inventor, who
. decided to receive the shore waves and then
. . them to long waves in order to obtain
. high eﬂiciency of long-wave radio-frequency
 pliﬁcation. Now the wave changer _can be
;. wutﬁd as a distinct and separate unit from
 usual receiving set. This device consists of
"hector tube which ‘receives two frequencies-
thq frequency of the incoming signal_picked_ up
‘the antenna, and a frequency furnished by a
' v- tube oscillator called the “heterod.yne,”
'  feeds the detector by means of a suitable
w  The output of the frequency changer
4-» . a frequency equal to the diﬂerence between
the signal frequaicy and the frequency of the
... yne oscillator. diﬂerence can be

. by adjusting the heterod_yne_ frequency.
She diﬂerence in the two frequencies is impressed
.... -the intermediate radio-frequency ampliﬁer.-
‘ super-heterodyne can be controlled bytwo
_- ants. one for the wave length and the
~ . to control the frequency of the oscillator
,. . one is called the wave length control. and
. other the frequency changer. To pperate a
Jggterodyne receiver the signal is timed in
with the usual set. The incoming signal is
‘ ‘mind ' a signal or wave from the os-
= . tube. e result is a signal of much
.» frequency ,or, put_it another way. {ﬁnch
‘ ' wave length. This low-f_reQuer3cY 5181181
.. passed to an intermediate hlzh W939-
., ndio frequency ampliﬁer, and then on to

dqcecmr.
‘ I'T'riJs‘ma Foa nasrsicnsns
 at

    
 
 
 
 

 

  
 
 

_ .
'4.’ -.

».4é;;1*;.2"t* 

 
 

 

unseen A udment of the re- ’
to  a 

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 25

transmitting station to obtain the greatest re—
sponse to that station’s wave. A radio trans-
mitter sends out electromagnetic waves thfough
space in all directions. These electromagnetic
waves as they go further away from the transmit-
ting station get weaker.

When a wire is elevated above the surface of
the earth it is struck by these passing waves,
which are really moving electric forces just as
waves in water move.

An important point to note about these travel-
ing waves is that they possess a definite fre-
quency or in other words a certain number of
them pass the receiving aerial per second of
time. The exact number is determined by the
adjustment of the transmitter. Since these waves
travel at a certain speed they must be separated
a certain distance which is called the wave length.
So instead of saying that a station sends out on
360 meters apart it would be just as well to say
that it sends out 830,000 waves per second.

In the actual receiving set some means _must
be provided for changing the electrical length of
the antenna. This is done by putting in the cir-
cuit some wire wound up into a coil with some
means provided for changing the number of
turns; for example, by a switch or with some
means of varying the electrical eﬁcct of the turns
without actually changing the number of them.
The variometer is such a means for varying the
electrical elfect and consists of a coil in two parts,
one of which turns within the other. Also it is

found that if two metal plates which are placed _

near _each other without touching are placed in
the circuit. the electrical length of the circuit,
is changed if one plate is moved. Such a device
is called a condenser. Sometimes both con-
denser and adjustable coil are used.

Gengerallv speaking. there are two diﬂerent
ways in which to connect tuning devices in com-
men use to-day. These are known as the single
circuit tuner and the double-circuit tuner. In
the operation of a receiver of either of these
types the tuning system adjustment is but half
the adjustment.
tem there is the detector which is connected to
the tuning circuit and which plays the important
part of changing the received high frequency
current into a form which will make possible the
operation of the telephone receivers. There are
two kinds of detectors in use to-day, namely the
crystal or mineral detector and the vacuum tube.

The single circuit crystal is, of course, the easier
to operate. In this there is only the tuning con-
trol_ and the crystal. The proper procedure in
tuning this-type of set is to get the crystal de-
tector on a sensitive point and vary the tunin

element slowly until signals are heard Crysta
receivers of this type will not respond to stations

‘ over a range of some twenty-ﬁve miles area.

_The vacuum tube when used as _a detector pro-
vides the_ most   lmown to
date. It is employed in single circuit. double and

-triple. circuit sets. When using a tube as"d¢-
tector it is possible to receive stationsover eon- '

siderable range.- Recently an amateur heard as

European station while using one detector tubs. 

Thus itcanbercadily seen thatthe ussofla

vacuum tubeis by far the superior to-any lupin ‘H

detector to date.

In addition to the tuning sys-.

-, ‘T.-P."‘,‘.?'7“~ “r~7"*'<».~“""*-‘~‘-aw‘-1.-s.'"='-'—‘~m1ess!'v!&

  
    

  

.1
'2,
E
-l

 

 
   

V. __

Fame and Fortune _Weekly
NEW roux, AUGUST 1,. 1924

TERMS TO SUBSCRIBERS

  

Ilnzle Copier ......... ........Poauge Free 800930
0116 Copy Three Month ... " " (Lu)
Una Copy six Mouths”  “ ‘9 3.00
One Copy one Your . . . . . . . . .. “ gm)

Canada. $4.50; Foreign. 85.00.

HOW TO HERD H081‘-X-—At our risk land 1’. 0.
Money Order. Checker ltezlltered Letter; remittance!
in any other way are at your risk. We accept 1-‘outage
stamp: the same as cut. When lending nlvu wrap
the Cuts In a re unto piece or paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. V rite your name and oddreu Dhilll].
Address letters to

HARRY E. WOLFF. Harry E. Well. Pros.
0 Publisher, Inc., Charm 1:. Nylander. sec.
166 W. 23d St... N. Y. . 1,, 5-, wuun, '2;-cu.

....

ITEMS or INTEREST

LEFT THE FARM ONCE ONLY

Fifty-eight years on one farm, the longest ab-
sence being one of nine weeks, is the life his-
tory of John D. Zeller, who had just celebrated
his fifty-eighth birthday. Born on a farm ‘one
mile north of North Liberty, Iowa, he has lived
there his entire life. His longest absence was at
a time when he made a cross-country journey
from ocean to ocean.

FRISCO’S FIRST SUBWAY

San Francisco is building its first subway, but
it is for vehicles only. It will be 900 ‘feet long,
23 feet wide, and will cost $340,000. It is ex-
pected to save seconds for a daily army of 17,000
commuters, as well as to speed up street traffic
at the Great Ferry Building, where north and
south vehicular traﬂic counts from 600 to 1,000
automobiles and teams an hour. .

BIG INDUSTRY HAD SMALL START

In the last five years California has produced
on the average more than 8,000,000 boxes of
navel oranges a year. All this golden harvest
of luscious fruit was started with less than twenty
trees which the Department of Agriculture
brought to this country from Brazil. That scien-
tific experiment was made in 1870 and two of the
original trees are still alive. One is in Wash-
ington. D. C.. and the other in California.

 

VESSEL HAS DUSTY TRIP
Reporting a dusty voyage, the President Jef-
ferson. arriving from Japan, had to be thoroughly
vacuum-cleaned. While traversing the great

a

’ northern circle about 500 miles ‘off the Aleutian

iC’h_ain, the big ship passed through a zone of dust-
ﬁlled air. a The decks and cabins accumulated

.0 ,,thick layers of ﬁne but heavy material which
 iirritoted_ the eye of passengers and crew.
42 i, 

It is
ht the dust storm came from the eruption
. cunt Pavlof. which in February blew out its
Geentne cone. Bootblacks on ‘board ‘declared they
vninyed asfewv days of. real 'Dl‘QI9QntY. ’ J

   

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

GOI..DFISHES' TROUBLES

Probably the thousands of person who keep
pretty goldﬁsh in a bowl for ornament and the
children who find pleasure in watching them have
never stopped to think that the practice may be
cruel, but there are strong reasons for saying that
it is. Fish need dark ‘and shady corners for
sleep and rest. When they are kept in a small ‘

round globe with the light blazing in their eyes «

all day long, it appears certain that they suffer
great discomfort. and it is even possible that .
they suffer great agony. The small size of the
bowls adds to their troubles, for they must go
constantly round and round in a small circle,

' bumping their noses against the glass. A humor-

ist ‘has expressed one view of this problem by
saying, “he has as much privacy as a goldﬁsh
m a bowl."

 

LAUGHS

A facetious divine got so many Christmas’ 7?‘

slippers that he said: “Do ladies think me 3

centipede ? "

“Do you love me, darling '2" she coaxed. “Sweet. -
heart, I love every hair on your bureau!” hefer-V '

vently answered.

Tommy—Papa, ‘there is a large black bug on

the ceiling. Professor (very busy)—Step on it
‘and leave me alone. _  ‘

' _ First Little Girl—You ' f 11 _ 
Second Little Girl (apo1l.g’§:i:.1i§)§l‘H‘; ’ °’°“°’ l 

be an elevated railroad guard.

Gentleman—Why are you running so fast, my

little man? Little Man—'-I wanter git far 'nough ‘ ‘A

away from Jimmy McGouge to tell him I'ain’t

’fraid of him.  .

Gibbs—-—I sang a song at the banquet last night‘ ;_

and everybody shouted: “Fine!” Dibbs—Did any

1

one mention how much the ﬁne should have 

been ?

Young Lady——Guard, will I have time to say

good-by to my friends ? Guard—Afraid,not, miss. 

This train leave in two hours and a half.

“How is the steak, sir?” asked the wait¢m:;._

solicitously. “Delicious,” the diner replied. “I

wonder why the person who had it first left this

1

little piece."

 

Doctor-Didn’t wash, hey’ .. Didn't I tell ygigli-)3
Small Boys-...» 

to wash all over every morning?

Well, sur, whin I washed mesilf yesterday, sag] 

to meself, I'll wash ag'in now fur to-marrow.

that! Ye are vain enough ahlriddy. Mm Me.
Gorry—Me vain? 0’m not! Shure Oi don‘t t'iitkV7
mesilf half as good-lookin' as Oi am. . 
The report that German women have volunteer;
ed to ﬁght in case of war only goes to. F S
that women of all nationalities like to"
armsaboutthem. * . i p 

if

   
 

McGorry—-—Oi’1l buy yez no new hat, d’yez znojnd’ 

    
 
   
   
   
    
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
  
 
      
  
   
  
   
  
     
  
    
 
  
  
  
    
  

BRIEF BUT

THE CAYMAN

— _.zThe cayman is’ a _member of the crocodile
,famj1y_ It is a carnivorous, .8l’nDhlbl0l1S reptie
‘of the crocodile family peculiar to Central and
:South America. It looks much like an alligator.
~ but diﬁers from it in havinlt no bony 113!‘ between
the nostrils and in having stromz bony ﬁrmfl‘ 8‘;
the lower as well as turner pa_rt Of the b°d-‘-

the several species, the most important are: The
-‘great cayman. called black caYm8n_ f1‘°"‘ the
/‘color of its back, the under parts bemz yellow.
«is usually 9 to 14 feet in length. though some-
times 18 to 20 feet. It lives in the rivers of trop-
ical South America east of the Andes. !'et1‘e8t_ml?.'
to the ﬂooded forests when the rivers are‘hlKh-
» In the dry season it generally b““95 llfself m the
"mud and lies dormant_ until the ram)’ 8088011
 ’on again. when It reapvem The" are
other species.

 

..-:————-p—i',

A TRICKY CATERPILLAR

gum of earth's creatures has a_ greater _or
.355” geserved reputation for intelligent ability
3:33: the ant.’ In spite of their intellectual power
Ints are occasionally made the dupes of creatures
hose mental capacity is far inferior. Only quite
zgecgntly the ﬁnal chapter has been added‘ to a
kitory of ant deception which can KiVe Doints to
vcleverest conﬁdence trick ever worked on an

hnsuspecting greenhorn.

: There is a butterﬂy found in some parts of the

West of England called the large blue or Lycgna

om Its‘c8&l'Dll1G!' is distinguished for having

, an middle of its bacllixra glgnd which secretes a
‘Fug ' ‘i, say tance resem mg oney. _

N“, ‘Es, gike othe;-xinsects, are passionately
ad of honey, and they will go to strange lengths
to get it. Long ago it was known to naturalists
that ants wait upon these caterpillars and suck

= none from the gland.

‘higher yit was discovered that the butterﬂies
mg“ 3 spam point oflaying their eggs on wild
(ﬁrm pl;-ht; actually growing on ant heaps. The
. caterpillars‘ which hatch _from these eggs
on the thyme ﬂowers until they have cast
' s for the third time, when they are only
ghth of an inch long. Then they dis-
_. ,- completely until the spring of the follow-
year when the butterfly 8l3P031‘S-

pm. “'33, yea-g_t.his was all that was known,
xx-Bﬁt after much painstaking work on the part of
’ entomologists the curious story was com-
tell '

 ghymgtothe d,,weeitis
. ,  by one of t.lieg1w9o“i-Kliers fgnrthe
. , holow.- At this meeting the caterpillar

. exudes a drop of honey. which the
greedilysw 4

     

  

  

ws. In I most inVitiY|8_ mm“
caterpillar then arches its back in the
._and-. the ‘an. It and carries

 
 

   

g  snakes _m
s. . ' ‘ . K > I

    

— FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

‘ After the third inoult the little cate illar d_e-,

hollow space underthe roof,wherc

POINTED

 

more pretense of fproducing honey and the ant
leaves it to his own devices. It does not worry
about that. It has been brought willingly into a
place whither it could not possibly have gained
entrance against the wish of the ants. '

Arion is therefore free to do as it lists, and it
is a bitter foe, feeding greedily on the young
of its hosts until it has attained its full growth.
Then it leaves the next and enters into the seclu-
sion necessary for its development‘ into a winged
creature.

SNAKES AS RAT CATCHERS

_The nativestof the Philippine Islands scorn the
use of rat traps. They had a better and sure!’
method of ridding their houses of these rodent
pests—-—~a method which requires no bait and is
self-renewing. They use snakes.

The variety of snake used for this ,purposo it
a species harmless to man but deadly in its pun
suit of the rat. It resembles our common garter
isnake, but is considerably larger and, lives much
onger.

One ‘may we in Manila and all the ‘larger

towns boys of from 12 to 16 years of age walking T

the streets in the residential districts, each young
ster carrying a snake about three feet long, whi
he handles as one would a household pet. The‘
are continually calling “Yo cojo r'atones!” (
catch rats). ’

When the lady of the house hears the call of

_ the youthful Pied Piper she beckons him in and.

conducts him to where the rats most congregate;
this is usually the kitchen. Pointing out ti rat’
hole, she bids the youth do his duty.

Thebo tsagoodhold on the tailof his
snake a low: it to hangtill it has stopped
squirming. When the snake is hanging limp he

inserts its head into the rat hole, and_ lowers‘

away. Presently there is a lusty squealing and
scuﬁling, and the boy reels in his catch—a ﬁne
fat rat gripped ﬁrmly in the snake's mouth. He
immediately deprives his reptilian aid of its
quarry and exterrninates it by the simple process
of throwing it against the ﬂoor as hard as he can.
The operation is then repeated till, in the opinion
of the rat catcher, the house is free of rats. ‘ ‘

When this moment arrives the boy calls the
mistress of the house and exhibits his prey. Jo
is id at the rate of 3 or 4 cents per. rat.
h c then -takes his living rat trap to another

ouse.
When his day’: work is ﬁnished the boy allows

.the snake tqeat the last rat caught. This is its

its sole reward for a hard day’: work, but the
snake do not complain. It is necessary to keep
the snake from eating rats in the early part, of
the day, forit takes several hours for it to digest
onleerat, and during that period it will not attack
at 1'5. ~'
Some economical Filipinos,
house, seal several rat-catching snakes 
, _ * tiny  ,
ﬂourish, sometimes. tor yoanyheeping the
forced residence entirely freernfraﬂu

when they buiid‘ sq}/1 ~

 

 

  

 
     
   

     
        
      
 
    
    
    
  
   
 
 
 

  

 

‘I90
 ‘the nest of

 
   

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY -

ITEMS OF INTEREST

SKID ON CATERPILLARS

An invading army of billions of caterpillars
nibbled at the southwestern outskirts of Los An-

igeles the other day to the despair of housewives

an_d automobﬁists. Housewives complained that
children could not enter their homes without walk-
ing on worms, and motorists said their cars were

skidding on the advancing hosts.

NINETY-EIGHT TONS OF STEEL IN ONE
PIECE

The heaviest, as well as the longest, steel bridge
girder ever used in bridge construction in Amer-
ica was recently swung into place over the Mis-
sissippi River at Rock Island, Ill. This steel
monster is 114 feet long and weighs 98 tons. Its
removal from the foundry where it was fabri-
cated required the use of four ﬂat cars and it is
said to be the maximum weight that any foundry
could produce in one piece. _ _ _ _

The girder spans a slough of the Mississippi
River and forms the last ink in a new bridge
designedto carry traﬂic at this point for the next
50 years. At this point, traﬂic is heavy and the
movement between trains is short. The ordinary
"expedient of diverting traﬂic to a temporary
track could not be made use of. The old super-
structure was removed and the new one erected
without interfering with regular railroad traﬁic
to any considerable degree. One track was taken
out of service during the day, but was in service
again when the working day was over.

The completion of this brid , which is ex-
pected to progress rapidly, 'l make ssible
greater electric power, as _the new type 0 bridge
will give full power to the stream current.

BIRD NEST IN SWITZERLAND IS MADE OF
WATCHSPRINGS

' Birds occasionally use strange material in the
construction of their nests. I once found the
nest of a yellow Warbler composed entirely of
white cotton waste and a nest of the Baltimore
oriole woven completely of red and blue yarn. The
former was fully twice the size of the typical
nest of this species, and both were conspicuous in
tit! extreme, a direct departure from the usual

practice, whites I. W. Brownell in Nature.

In Maine, in places where the usual moss was
plentiful, I have found the nests of the cokoo

made entirely of this substance inste d of the us-,

ual twigs, and I once found the ne of a wood

thrush composed entirely of an old newspaper *

torn into strips and held together with mud. One

 . observer mentions ﬁnding in Switzerland the nest
- of a wagtail made entirely of ‘watch springs

which the bifds had collected from the rubbish
heap of a nearby factory. Another tells of a
tted ﬂy-catclar whose nest, found in London,
was made of wax matches, and he also mentions
’ a pigeon made entirely of hairpins

   

 

Abnormal nesting sites are also far from un-
usual. I have found the Wilson's thrush, which
normally builds upon the ground, making its nest
in saplings, twelve to ﬁfteen feet above the
ground. Not many years ago a pair of wrens under
my observation started a nest in the end of a
water spoutybut, needless to say, the first rain-
storm taught them a lesson by washing it all out.
I have, upon several occasions, found robbins'
nests in old woodpiles, and I once found the nest
of a song sparrow in a haymow inside of a barn,
and that of a kingbird on top of a stump stand-
ing in the middle of a pond. Nests have been
found in discarded cans, pottery, kettles, sauce-
pans, old hats and innumerable other such un-
likely places. All of which proves that birds
are not entirely the creatures of habit or in-
stinct. '

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE .
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
‘ ACTIONS!

_ It consists of a handsome" parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an ath-

lete.
Five Different Stunts —_

THE FLYING TRAPEZE — Release the
trigger-pin and the ﬁgure swings for-
ward, gripping the . brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LO0P—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, makes
a. turn and, catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.

THE GIANT SWING -— He goes forward
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again.

He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cir-
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
vented.

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World! ’ '

PRICE $1.50

The collapsible stand and the little mani- ’
kin are neatly’ packed in a handsome box.
Delivered anywhere in the United States on
receipt of price. Address '

WOLFF NOVELTY co.
166 W. 23d s:., New York City. N. Y. ‘

  

 

‘r
4.
ﬂ.
_ .
.‘
.

 

“It happened just three years ago.
feeling pretty blue. Pay day had come around

‘ again and the raise I’d hoped for wasn’t there.

It began to look as though I was to spend my
_\life checking orders at a small salary.

“I picked up a magaine to read. It fell
open at a familiar advertisement, and a coupon
stared me in the face. Month after month for
years I’d been seeing that coupon, but never

‘ until that moment had I thought of it as
.-meanhig anything to me.

But this time I
‘read the advertisement twice-—ye:', every word I

“Two million men, it said, had made that

. coupon the ‘first stepping stone toward success.

In every line of business, men were getting
splendid salaries because they had torn out that
_ oonpon. Mechanics had become foremen and
.superintendents—carpenters had become archi-

' tects and contractors-—clerks like me had be-

come sales, advertising and business managers
I because they had used that coupon.

_ "Suppose that I . . ? What if by studying
at home nights I really could learn to do some-
thing besides check’ orders? Ihad a hunch to
find out—and then and there I tore out that

_ coupon, marked it, and mailed it.

"That was the turn in the road for me.

’The Schools at Scranton suggested just the

course of training I needed and they worked

I ";with)me every hour I had to spare.

_ ,“In Iii months I ‘wee in charge of my division.
-1h 1 year my eelary had been doubled. And I’ve
‘been advancing ever time. Today Lives appointed

Iwas‘

 

“The Best Hunch I Ever Had!”

manager of our Western oﬁice at $5,000 a year.
Tearing'out that coupon three years ago was the
best hunch I ever had.” '

 

For thirty-two years, the International Correspon-
dence Schools have been helping men to win
promotion, to earn more money, to have happy, pros~
perous homes, to get ahead in business and in life.

- You, too, can have the position you want in the
work you like best. Yes, you can!
the chance to prove’ it.

Without cost, without obligation, just mark and
mail this coupon. Do it right now!

__________,.._:...._l.———.—-_-—____>-—

INTEINATIOIAL collearonoenee ICNDOLS
Bu 4Q1.c Iceetei. Pelee.

Without east or obligation. pleeee tell me how I an ezify 10!
the neeiuen or in the rubies: More have ms: tn 1:

IUSII ‘IIAIIIIO 0008858
melt

Budneee Innate

industriel llenuenaent
Personnel 4

‘frame lhnezclnent

Business Lew

Banking end Bnnxlnz new

‘ r ‘ " fc.P.A.)
Niche‘. Con Aceoununs
Bookkeeping

Qnnnlgh

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 
 
   
    
  

null!!!

Clerk
School Sslbllnl
School Subjeeu
D C

Ill

Ill

Elect my r:. i run Arvhite-=3
aieezhe Ln: wi.'iii§° Architects‘ Blue Prime
Mechanical Engineer Colxzreetnr and Builder
Mechanical Dniternu Architecture! Dreitsnizin
Machine Shop Preetiee (‘onereie Builder
Rallroed Positions - Structure] Engineer
Gu Engine operating Cheniietfh’ Pherneﬂ
:1 Engineer Automobile ark
-Surveylnl end leaping A_iri>|me Bmrimo
‘§‘.:““‘,‘.§."..,,....., 22§:‘..¥.in‘.'.‘i.‘»'. end mu.
an

indie )ln:h-snetin

Nun:

Street 3-e-as

A alpinnm 1

City... ﬁll:

oer----tin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

renmu main in ceeede shell and an seeped Io nu Interw-
tiunel cuueeeoedeuoe lelooie Candice. Linseed, Aleetrell. Ocueeu

 

All we ask is

 3
t

 

W1‘ xiii: if :2: * illit-

 

4
ii fl ° .' Wm for
..x..C=€ori ooo .._¢.

C'|I&U
of T1

ﬂu today 1'2‘:  ? F. __'£a_§.‘3‘i’.¢'.'"?u‘&‘n'£'3
eturn many w u on the w «fol dre‘h.I!°l&yenre.
lion It you Inn! reel can let this all-Ihlp. 7
IE! WI. 50.. Id. 357 IHILHII. Idﬂﬂlllﬂl
O

ht! (In

PIMPLES

low%ie¢nIeOdeHyﬁeaIdelPlrnn|0I. Bleckheedl.
AcneEru tioaaonthefaeeerbody.BarbenltclL
Eczezng Peeeeandoibershinyskin.

[MAKE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS
Mint» and Chewing Gum. Be my agent.
l‘2\’or_\’hody will buy from you. Write today.
l"n-0 Smuples.

.\lH.’l‘0.\' GORDON
131 Jackson St, Cincinnati. Ohio

HAY

you went. W. I. ITIIUII. BAIOIIQ Avo.. ,

Serlvovlnls Puzzle
Ford 5:: 2 2: “H 1:

C
What mi: do then nnrnbu-I
 Win sooo Votes
make? rrruborurnthe Ilaxol
} ‘ P A. . are
A .

. 0 guns
mm. eggs? - **-=::.. .
three Vigor are the words‘!

I
Get your at then EASY-T0-WIN
: ma Ford ‘I’ Cor I
W to give Yhen-1-nphe.
niche: Sal ut.:.. ‘
Rewards. Prhoaénpllatodlncnleol -I. moo §‘.:3vou.ud run
hwy: at an noo‘n'a, . A.—w add.

Ri£."‘€2 ”'“ﬁ“£l..Dupt.4 éeago.

   

 

ransom!-
APPEARANCE

ll now in o re
than ever the
k e y - n o t e of
Iicceu. Bow-
Leg god and
Knock - Knead
men and worn-
en. both young
and old. will
be glad to hear
that I have
now ready for
market my new
up ii a n c e .
which will successfully struig ten within
1 short time bow-leggeduesl and knock-
kneed legs. safely. quickly and perma-
nently, without pain. operation or discom-
furt. Will not interfere with your daily
work, being worn at night. My new "Lim-
Strnizhtuer." Model 18, L‘. S. Patent. in any
to adjust; it! result will save you soon from
Kurther humiliation. and improve your per-
sonal appearance 100 per cent.

Write today for my free copyrighted phys-
iologlval and anatoruioal book which tells
you how to correct how and knock-lrneed
legs without any obligation on your part.
Enclose I (lime tor postage.

ll. TBILIBTY. SPECIALIST
971 la. Ackoruon Building. Blnglunton, N. I.

 

 

.Get Behind a llohner
‘ for Happiness!

There's nothing like good music for
happiness; and there's nothing like a
Hohner for good music. Any boy or girl
can learn to play real music quickly
with the aid of the Free Hohner Instruc-
tion Book. procurable at all good dealers.
And all good dealers sell Hohner's
Harmonicas-

The World's Best

“That Musical Pal of Mine" is a
favorite expression among Hohner en-
thusiasts everywhere. I-Iohner enthusi-

asm is sweeping the country. Why
don't you get in line for popularity and
enjoyment?

Go to your dealer today, get a
Hohner I-larmonica—50¢ up-and ask
for the Free Instruction Book. If your
dealer is out of copies. write M. Hohner,

i

V

1

'1

I .

i

F lnc., Dept. 1545, New York City.
, .

  

Pnrtnot yourself acalnst
hold-up. rowdles. etc. with
this clever cigarette case
of light Wei ht metal. Looks
exactly like he real thing! Pull
the trigger. back files the lid
showing a full package of your 
cigarettes. Lots of ‘M’ A‘.
fun scarin your _
lriends. an aitrent '

   
 

 

1 rmnmtco nut. 29:

Maria non r E
i::'=;:*2::... BL

Yul sh ‘III In}! ltth {H

ulw3e1;::e.I;':l§o;:‘h| 'r to he
one unto I-Lu on no‘: I I-In!-5*
ugh! to re’ All play an In 15 la. M11.

e .
Doll-Swing-Glasses Given
H euﬂ you thin hadeeu blue: clung,
It-on eon:-,uru up on uni: -nu
ﬂ l Iyegleeele A371 lath)
on It oealejee of hrh-ul Daniel -I
on . Elle to-can lent to I-97.

.. 

534 Sixth Ave. Inld_

    

 
  
 
  
 
 

 

 

  

 CHINESE
..‘-5‘ FIRST TO USE
NEEDLES
MADE OF
STEEL

 

The American
~', spooled thread
1 ' industry is found-
‘ ed on experi-

ments made by
_ the wife of Sam-
’uel Slater, who
in 1793 introduc-
ed Arkwright’s
spinning or cot-
ton gin at Paw-
tucket, R. 1. Mrs.

Slater twisted
cotton yarns in
ordinary spin-

ning wheel and
made a two-ply
thread. This in-
* -dustry still has
to go back to
Egypt, the moth-
er country of
linen, for the
sewing-cotton
used in every
American home.
r It is made al-
most exclusively
of imported long
Staple Egyptian
cotton. The
larger and coaser
_sizes, for crochet-
mg and indus-
trial purposes,
are made of do-
- mestic cotton.
«The first material
used by women
for binding was
made from the
long roots of
Plants or leather
thongs, says the
Detroit News.
Woman’s earli-
est needle was
like an awl and
was not pierced
at the head. The
I earliest needles
were made of
ne, stone or
bronze. In the
Stone Age need-
les began to have
gyes, this kind be-
ing found in the
‘» reindeer caves of
ce. China
Was the ﬁrst to
. use needles of
‘ steel. This instru-
ment, traveling
' Westward, reach-
gg Europe
tough the
Hoots.’ I

  

LITTLE ADS

Write to Rikcr 8 King, Advertising Oﬁces, 1133 Broadway. New York City, or
29 East Madison Strut, Chicago, [or particular: about advertising in this magazine.

AGENTS WANTED
‘“'"“'-'°° '“ "°“' vt%l.:“':.':l”;.:":tm“.if.‘§“’.“:5
iiiﬂifi-..w .i°:i:':‘rl'§§i' Productaq c... 1658 American
§‘ldt.. Cincinnati, 0.
HELP WANTED

BE A DETECTIVE. Opportunity for men and women
for secret investigation in your district. Write C. T
Ludwig. 521 Weswrer Bld¢.. Kansas City. Mo.
EARN $110 to $250 monthly, expenaee paid as Railway
Trafiic Inspector. Position guaranteed after comple-
tion of 3 montha home study course or money rdunded.
Excellent opportunities. Write for Free Booklet. CH-
101 Sand. Business Training Inst., Buffalo, )1. Y.
DETECTIVES NEEDED EVERYWHERE. Work home
or travel experience unnecessary. Write George H.
Wagner. former Govt. Detective. 196! Broadway.  Y.
DETECTIVES Make Big Money. Travel, be your own
boss. Easi‘: Learned. We instruct, small cost.
\\'rlie Jol:n«on's l)eio-ctiva School. U07 Lafayette A\'e.,
FE. Grand Rapids. Michigan, Dept. S. S.

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED

CTORIES. POEMS. PLAYS. eic., are wanted for publi-
cation. Submlt MSS. or write Literary Bureau. 515

Hannibal. Mo
PERSONAL

IAHRY—WEAL'|’NY GIRL, conslvlerexl beautiful, wants
mnzenial husband. Eu. B-H122, Wichita. Kansas
HOTEL OWNER. 87 ll 60,000. lh
Box ,6‘, L.“ue' Ollaplnvﬁrl Cmmw 1 as marriage.
IARRY If LONEL¥: Home Maker: hundreds rich:
confidential: reliable: years exnerience: descriptions
free. The Successful Club, Box 556. Oakland, Calif.
GET A SWEET!-iEA_lT. Exchange letters. W te me
enclosing stamp. Violet Ray. Dennison. Ohio. ‘

HUNDREDS aeeking marrian. if sincere encloao lamp.

(3.,

PERSONAL--Continued

IF LDNESOIE OXCIIIIIIO jolly letters with beautiful
ladies and wealthy gentlemen. Eva Moon. Box I08.
Jaciuonville. Fla. (Stamp).

L0_0K WHOSE MERE! Prinoeaa OKIE world famoul
_.w. pea. Get your’: today. Don’: delay. Send ml!
mrdill-ax,e and me. E. Okle. Box 280, Mus. sq. Sta,
New York. N. Y.
LONELY HEARTS. join our Club. be happy. corre-
spondence everywhere. many deacriptions, photos free:
either sex. moef. successful method. 23 years’ experi-
ence. Standard Cor. Club. Grayslake, ill.
MARRIAGE PAPEﬂ—'_’0th year. Big issue with descrip-
tions. photos, names and addresses. 25 cents. No
other fee. Sent sealed. Box ‘Z265 R. Boston, Mass.
IAﬂRY—Paru'culars for stamp. F. Morrison,
\\'. HOIHPD Street, Seaule. Wash.
MARRY—i-‘rec photographs, directory and description
of Wellllly members. Pay when married. New Plan
(‘o.. Dept. 36. Kansas City, Mo.
MARRY—|IARRlAGE DIRECTORY with photo: and
description: free. Pay when married. The Exchange,
Dept. 545, lxansaa City. Mo.

MARRY—\\'rlf.e for big new .11,-,¢m,r¢ mm phom. ma

S-3053

descriptions Free. National Ah:-ncy, Dept, A,
Kansas City, Mn.
8WEE‘l’HEAlI‘I’8' Cunnpoudeooe Club. Stamped gg.
velope for scaled proposal. Lillian Spruul. Station

R. Cleveland. Ohio.

SONGWRITERS
POEir8 VIAN‘|'ED—§ell rnur .-on:-versea for cash. Suh-

m as. at once or write New Era Music 0)., H0.
St Louis. Mo.

TOBACCO HABIT

TOBACCO or Snui! Habit cured or no pay. $1.00 if
cured Remedy sent on trial. Superoa Co.. PC.

Hrs. F. Willard, 2928 Broadway, Chicago, Illinois.

Baltimore. Md.

Mailing Lists

Wilhlaelp ‘cu incrﬁaae ulcl
M V COMB
and .33.. on ma uhﬁuusﬁ
lane-afynnrboetvrhudmetoeﬁtﬂﬁ
om.r4.uoo.i_,smeB=| . I-4
n

9§“%"«*;,'~="-.:":-L:-.=-:.«-"s°‘“‘“‘i¢i....i.

R"..;.'§:E.1"5

I0 built - 44 Utyhl.
co and aiaaa. 17 to Rider prioaa.
oavnaa prepaid on 8

   
 

          
 
   

 3'Fto

See pleand obiecta mile! I
p. plnanru tn

gun u never before

Braaa bound: ha: powerfu lenaoa. ploaaog-.-

Lgng ."—HrI. Y
9 O away

arbavuxh.
3 mm, “my, .. unit in front of me.

”'

taught almost any one at home. Sinzrll cost.

Send TODAY 2-cont stump for particulars-
GEORGE “H SMITH

Boon ll-880, 125 N. Jeﬂ Ave., Peoria, Ill.

. arm camp.
out over 3 feet long: meaanrea

.‘I2°i.'.3i‘.' F A 1‘

Free Trial Treatment

Soot on request. Ask for my
“pay-when-reduced" offer. I 118'‘
successfully reduced tholllllld
of persons, often at the rate 0
_ a pound a day. without diet 0!

Let me send you proof at my “-

 

exercise.
pt.-use.

DR. R. NE\V.\lAX. Llcollod Phyllelan
State \f New York. 280 Fifth AVOIIIO
New York. Desk W

AGE.\'TS—.\iake $12 in day selling famona
Arte: French Pearl Necklaces. ho experi-
ence or investment necessary.

Artex Sales (‘o.. 1133 B’W8!. New York. N. Y.

IIIO!‘IOIlIIﬂ
Telescope ""3". :73. mm)

.onlandoraea,gO'i£lt.heyw_H'S!"ckDe.Y'd

l2 inebea cloned.
"Coold yell color of
IAIN.

FERRY & c°6., 630nJackson Blvd. Dep:._r524e_s, Chicago, Ill.

OLD MONK! WAX'lID:—._O
82 to 500 EACH paid for hundred! at old

mine. Keep ALL Old or odd money. it may
be VERY valuable. Sand 10 cu. forugabléa

TKATED COIN VALUE BOOK.
Posted. We pay CA1.

CLARK! COIN 90.. Ave 13. Leioy. I. I.

  

 

-
Fri.

‘ i‘-‘AME AND FORTUNE WEKLY
—— Lamar rssuns -
941 A Wide-Awake Boy: or. Born With a Winning
streak

H2 Capturing the Money; or. How Ben Bailey Made
is Mark

H . .
943 Digging for Gold; or, The Luck of a Boy Miner.
944 A Boy with Grit; or, Earning an Honest Living.
955 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising to the Top.
946 Fame Before the Footlights; or. The Boy Who

Bossed the Theatre.
947 Lucky Lee the oaice Boy; or, The Nerviest Lad in
New York.

948 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young Messenger.
949 Pushing It Through; or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.
050 A Born Speculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall

Street. ‘
951 The Way to Success: or. The Bo who Got There.
952 Struck Oil: or. The Bov Who Made a Million.
953 A (golden Risk; or,’ The Young Miners or Della

.ruz.

954 A Sure Winner; or. The Boy Who Went Out With a

Circus.

For snlo by all nswsdsnlers, or will be sent to any ad-

dress on receipt at price, ‘is. par ooi>!. in money or pos-

' tau stamps-
THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 8 CENTS

955 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
958 A Mad Cap Schemgz or. The Boy Treasure Hunters
of Cocos Island.
967 Adtrilft On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
ne. .
958 Playing to Win; or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street
959 Tatters: or. a B0 From the Slums.
960 A gsung Monte Ito; or. The Richest Boy in the

i .
9ng12 Won ogy Pluck; or, The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.

9%
964

Be Done.
A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
Never Say Die; or. The Young Surveyor or Happy

Valley.
085 Bgzs ott the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
ree .
066 The Chance of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of
M7 Crytai Lake.

Striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-
re

0:t for Business: or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune; or, Striking It Rich in Wall

Street.
Through Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of I
Smart Bog;
Doing His vet Best; or. Working His Way U .
Always on Beck; 01-. The Boy Who Made a

Mar .
ABMi;:t of Money: or. The Young Wall‘ Street
ro er-
The Ladder of Fame; or, From Oﬂlce Boy to
Senator. _
On the Square: or. The Success of an Honest Boy.
After a Fortune; or, The Pluckiest Boy in the West.
Winning the dollars: or ,'l‘he Young Wonder of
Wall Street. <
P id Ills Mark: or. The Boy Who Became
res en.
Heir to a Million: or. The lioy Who Was Born
Lucky. _
Least in the Andes: or. The Treasures of the Buried

t .
On Hyis Mettle: or. A Plncky Boy in Wall Street.
A Lucky Chance: or. Taking Fortune on the Wing.

nanny x. wourr. Publisher, rne..
’ 166 West ::a smut New York city

971
972

973
974
975
975
977
978
979

9%!)

981
982

 

s A Hownro
SCENAIRIOS mm “W

Prloo as canto Par 00”

tain ll most rscsnt Ohsllsl
xnrgta: ?n"e.tkhodco-of c:a::n:2i°¢>n and submission oi
scenarios. sixty Lessons. covering ever phase or
ssansrlo writing. For sale by all II on and
Bookstores It you cannot procure I copy. Isld B:
gjgpﬂcq‘ hnonoy orpootn ItIm9|.II_

Beating the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn't

«nu.
‘mg; posts tree. ddrosa.
”x..'tsl:a;raas.”a'no°°s°o'voocn’ .‘ . New York» 3- Y-

   
 

r
o

our 'l'EN-CENT HAND sooxs .
Useful, instructive. and Amusing. They cabin ,3

Valuahle information on Almost
Every Subject.

   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
    

No. 29. HOW TO BECOME AN INYEl'l'l'Ol..—Ev «
boy should know how inventions originated. This boo
explains them all, giving examples in electricity. hy-
draulics. magnetism, optics. pneumatics, mechanics. etc.

No. no. How ero c00K.—-One or the most instructive
books on cooking ever published. It contains recipes
for cooking meats, tiah, game. and oysters; also pica,’
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pastry, and a grand
collection of recipes.

No. 31. HOW TO KEEP lIOUSE.—lt contains informa- -,
{ion for everybody. boys, girls, men and women; it will
teach you how to make almost everything around the
house, such as parlor ornaments. brackets. cements.
Aeolian harps. and bird lime for catching birds.

No. 38. HOW TO BECOME \'0l'R OWN DOC'l‘0B.-
A wonderful book, containing useful and practical In-
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and ail~
ments common to every family. Abounding in useful
and effective. recipes for general complaints. -

No. 40. HOW TO MAKE AND SE1‘ TRAPS.—lnclud-
lug hints on how to catch moles. weasels. otter. rats,
squirrels and birds. Also how to cure skins. _ Copiously ‘:-
illustrated.

No. 41. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK END M'EN’ﬂ
JOKE BO0K.—Containin¥ a great variety of the latest
jokes used by the most amous end men. No amateur
mlnstrel is complete without this wonderful little book. ’ .

No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK STUIIP
SPEAKER.—Coutaining a varied assortment of stu
speeches. Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end Inens
Jokes. Just the thing for home amusement and amateur

s ows. 3
No. 45. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK IKINSTBEI. '
GUIDE AND JOKE BO0K.—Sometliing new and very
instructive. Every boy should obtain this book, as it .
contains full instructions fox-‘organizing amateur mln- 
strel troupes. -
No. 52. HOW TO PLAY (‘ARDS.—Givlng the rules
and full directions forgilayiug Euchre, Cribbage, Casino.
Forty—Five, Rounce, edro Sancho. Draw Poker, Ancv
tiorti‘ Pitch, All Fours. and many other popular games of

car 3. -

No. 58. HOW TO WRITE LETTEBs.—A wonderful
little book, tellin you how to write to your sweetheart. 3
your father. mot er. sister. brother. employer; and. In.
fact. everybody and anyhody you wish to write to. I

No. 54. HOW TO KEEP AND MANAGE PETS.-'— A
Giving complete information as to the manner and
method of raising, keeping, taming. breeding. and inan-
aging all kinds of pets' also giving full instructions tor»
making cages, etc. Fully expla ned by twenty-eight
illustrations. ' 3'

No. 55. HOW TO COLLECT STAMPS AND COINS-.
Containing valuable information regarding the collpct-
ing and arranging otstamps and coins. Handsolnely
illustrated.

No. 5']. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUHINTI.
—Full directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, Zitlet-.3
Aeolian Harp. Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments; together with a brief description of nearly every ».
musical instrument used in anclcn‘ or modern tima. if
Profusely illustrated. By Algernon S. Fitzgerald, for I
twenty years bandmaater of the Royal Bengal )iiIflIIQI.‘ .-

No. 58. HOW TO BECOME A DETEO'l‘IVI.——By Old
King Brady, the world-known de tive. In which he lays
down some valuable‘ and sensi e rules for begin
and also relates some adventures and experiences o
well-known detectives. ,,». i

No. so. now To nncomi: A PHOTOGBAPH!:B..—-“
Containing useful information regarding the Camera

and how to work it; also how to make Ph graphic \\,i
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. nd-. jug

 

sonrely illustrated. '

No. as. now To max): ELIOIBICAL luc
Containin tull dl one for making electrical Ina-
chines, in uctions coi , dypunos and many novel toys,‘-
fﬁ beta var-lkod by electricity. By rt. A. B. Bennett. run:

as to .

No. as. mn.nooN's JoKl!.—The most original _,
book ever publishcd.- and it is brimtul of wit —
humor. it contains a large collection oi‘ song's...gohu.i
conundruxns. etc. of Terrence Muldoon, the g wits.»
humorist. and practical Joker of the day. “V

For-salary inowodsa'lors.orw-siihcssnttoau

‘ address {an at

 

retest prioo.I0c.parosQ.
nonoyorstamomhy .-

naanr 3.. wou-‘F. rum-tar. I-cc. 
ice West as street New rock 

\

    