  

Issued H k /fy sulvscr

No. 527 NEw*3mi<K,{ Hsmumvjz, 1907.

[mn ,x‘:.;oper ',e.1r. E/zlzrmz’ us _)'umnd-4.‘/m5 Jla//er at Me .\'. ) . P03! Ogﬁce, by STRE. .T & SMITH, 7o-517 S31/em‘): Ave, N. Y.

‘ Price, Fiv.e Cents

    

[RIﬂ@[KiN@§;AWR‘F’EE‘R

, 2

:1KIT_—.V

  

 
 
 

bald WHMA By subxmiﬁtabn J‘-ago per year. Entered as seamd—cla.r: Hatter at Me N. Y. Part Oﬂice, by STREET & SMITH. 7o-a; Seventh Avenue.
N. Y. Enlfred acwrdzngto Act of Cbugress Ill Ike year 19:77. is the Oﬁce of the Labradau of Congress, Wa:lu'ng'tou. D. C

 

NEW YORK, February 2, 1907.

Price Five Cents.

   
 

a

LAR{ICE, THE COUNTESS:

OR,

‘NICK CARTER’S MOTOR BOAT "CASE. C

  

was by crncxnnnvci CARTER.

  
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
   
 
 

CHAPTER I.
‘cuntca, THE COUNTESS ms 1§1oRm-:Y.

Carter looked at the card, which Joseph handed
_l1m1,' and read: A
Clarice St; Cyr.” Then he raised his eyes, and
., “Where is she, Joseph?"
 thg library, sir. She is Miss Glenn's maid, you
. $5!‘-"
T  1 Say that I will  -down in a moment."
 _ ..the detective entered the library a few minutes
rose to meet him; and she smiled some«
hirnsically as she—rather hesitatingly——extended
toward him. ,
« . _—_St. Cyr hadalways been a mystery to Nick
had known her only since she had “taken
with Carmen Glenn, where she acted in the
 lady’s~maid to the young and beautiful
Whose fatlierthad just been murdered by his
 marriage, Juan Santillos. “Loco Juan”
3 h{B_;wa§gcalled; and he was now in the death
C Singﬁawaiting the day of execution.*
“  Wmlu-Y. “A. Double My»
Wager, '‘'l‘hePnsen-

1?

s

 

   

-.

The detective was positive that Clarice had not always
lived a life oi service to others. Indeed, he doubted
very much if she had ever served in that capacity at all
until she went to live with Carmen Glenn, for that she
had been born to the purple and had been reared in
gentleness, reﬁnement, and even luxury was evident
in every act and gesture she made.

Once, when the detective had made her up in imitation
of her mistress, and had taken her to the great dining-
room of the Hotel Mammoth, arrayed in her mistress’
clothing, Clarice had conducted herself with such perfect
naturalness that Nick knew at once that for the moment
she was back in her own sphere, and that she was in
reality a lady born and bred, accustomed to the sur-
roundings of gentility and elegance.

And at that time ‘Clarice had played the part required
of her so well that the detective had told her then and
there:

"You would make a»-first-class detective, Clarice, and
if ever you are in need of different employment from
that which you now have, come to me." .

He found himself wondering now, as he approached
her. if she had taken him at his word and had ‘come

 forth: position of lady assistant onhisastaﬂ.

 

         
 
  
 
 
 

i "I am glad to see you, Clarice,” he said.

7 “Tell me
" ﬁrst, how is Miss Glenn .7”
“Very well, indeed," she replied. “Her father’s

death has proved less of a shock to her than we sup-
. posed; that is, she has recovered from it much more
,. quickly than I dared to hope.” (
_ “And now, Clarice, what brings you here to see me
‘this morning?”

She smiled brightly upon him before she replied; and
then she said:

“The only surprise to me, Mr. Carter, is that I have
_. not ‘come to you sooner, for I have had the idea to do
so in my mind ever ‘since ‘the ﬁrst time I saw you at
the house of Mr. Glenn. I want to tell you a part of my
story, and then I wish for your advice, and, if possible,
your assistance.”

“You shall have both, Clarice-——freely. But, first,
‘ follow me to my study. It is a room to which I never

‘ it is a room to which I always take my friends who have
. suddenly become clients.” '

She smiled again brightly, and Nick‘ thought to him-
._self how beautifulshe was;\with a rare strange, weird

"in its reality when she chose to let it shine upon you.
And so, presently, they were seated together in that
.particular sanctum of Nick’s.

I-, “Clarice,” he said, “I think you are the first woman,
3 with Eheexception of my housekeeper and the maid, who
has entered this-room in two yea‘rs——since I lost my wife.
Now, what is the story you have to tell me .7”

 “I wish to ask you first if you remember something
V Said tome that night when we dined together at the
Ma-n7unoth—-the‘ night when I played the part of»Miss
  order to assist you in your work?” ‘

, .1‘£’erfectly. You refer, I suppose, to my suggestion
“t-ha,t;_if you ever cared to become a——-—” ‘

     
    
  

   
     

   
 

      

.f;,No,2,,What, then, do you refer to?”

l;éd;you.to’;say that I had not always been it servant.”

‘always e’viddnt.”‘ -

«to -conceal the fact." -

  . _
is I hereto 

 

‘I

  



 . ‘F’ .“‘“'*”=’=  ‘e

    
    

 
 

NEW NICK -CARTER ,\\’lZEKLY.

‘years old. I am the only ‘daughter of the Marquis of V.

5 talkeiclientsh, unless they are also old friends; but, also,_

«sort of beauty, intense in its possibilities and startling

We, no! I don’t mean that,j’.. she exclaimed, laughing

 recognized something about me at the time which

0!; yes; I remember. But that“ fact was-—'and is--
 one scarcely needs to remember it. It

yet 1 have tried my utmost,’ both it.‘ manner gag‘
  doubt of that. Youhave succeeded Y€!’Y_
iﬁeﬁ.  save for a certain grave dignity that you have
‘ ’ everything you do- Bin we, nesdmt dis,-._

  
 

   
 
    
         
     
       
 
 
   
   

is Clarire St. Cyr de Morney. St. Cyr was my maiden‘
namp. I married Comte Raoul de Momey two years ago,
in France, when I was a few months less than eighteen ,

St. Cyr, who was mysteriously murdered within an hour "
after my wedding, and while the chateau was as yet K
thronged with guests. It is possible that you may be as V 
familiar with the details as I am, Mr. Carter.” , _ '

Clarice made this ratheristartling statement as calmly A
as if she had ‘been reciting the history of a third person, r h" '5
and although the smile had died out of her eyes, ii was 
stlil upon her lips as she made the disclosure; for to Nick
Carter it was a disclosure of a startling character, inas-
much as the case to which she referred had been rather
a remarkable one; ' A I =

In a word, the circumstance as Nick knew about it,
was.to the effect that the old Marquis of St. Cyrhad,
been discovered stabbed to death in his own room at the-.
chateau immediately after the ceremony of marriage be’-
tween his daughter, an only child, and the Count De
Momey; _and the daughter——the young and beautiful‘
bri_de——had been found standing beside him. 

She held in her right hand the Oriental dagger with’,
which the old man had been killed—a jeweled weapon;
richly engraved, which for many years had been one 
the many ‘A ornaments that‘ were displayed in the math
quis’ roofn. , ,  ~‘
She wias discovered then, standing beside her  ,
father, with the stained dagger in her hand,’ with an e_ ,
pression of horror on her face and with blood—stai"I!;i, 
upon her hands and bespattered over the bridal gown shé
wore. ‘ I - -’i
, It was all very vague in the mind of the detective,‘
he had his knowledge only from reading, about the
fair in the papers at the time;,but he remembered no
when Clarice referred to it, that there had been ,
sort of a" quarrel‘ between father and daughter I
before the wedding, and he recalled now that ‘she
been ‘arrested and tried for the murder. A '2 * -
The fact that she was ultimately acquitted of the k ,
was a_ surprise to everybody, save the court. itself 
the few people who, had followed the trial from I
ning to end; and it had been ‘accepted as a foregone,’
clusion by the mass of people ger‘,1erally,, that tilt -M
woman was guilty, notwithstanding  yerdict ofg‘
quittal. ' _( _ __ i ; ..  . ‘ , A
,And7after the wedding,_thie murder,  I ,,
the I young countess, who was ‘wedded  _
wife, ‘had strangely and mysteriously 
Her. young hu3band—~tl’l¢, ,C0unt De;M‘_ - , .
appeared before. she,did,_ alth0.vgh~ atthetsial
former life,vhe hadbeenstrqngl A ‘  :-
it;,.was.,his ‘testimony .». _ ‘ '

  

  
  

       
   
  
  

   
      
 

        
    
     
     
        
  
  

  

  
      
      
  

   
     
     
      
   
  

   
   
   
  
    
 
  

    

     
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
    
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
     
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

\
l

5 L n --c be had disappeared, and within a' month she
also gone, no one knew whither.

Jud been supposed by many that they had ﬂed to-

, ea ; that both were really guilty of the crime, either

ijomtly, or certainly with knowledge after the fact.

An_gi then, like all other affairs of the kind, interest in

“was closed and in the hands of caretakers; the in-
_ I’ so far as the’ ﬁckle public was concerned, seemed
, in substance, is an epitome of Nick Carter's
ledge of the affair; and it_all came back to him
about the form in which it has been stated here, dur-
the time she was explaining who she really was.

 found that he was astonished without being greatly

as  ; and when she completed the statement, he
ms: nu her calm gaze-quite as gravely.
'‘'Yes," he replied; “I am familiar with the details in
 as one may be made familiar with such an affair
reading newspaper accounts of it. That is all. You
V faoqnitted at the trial, Clarice.”
made the remark very quietly, using her given
in exactly the manner he had done ‘before the
'--- was made; and instantly hei' eyes ﬁlled with
‘which she hastily forced back again.

.. you,” she said, in allow tone. “I understand

I appreciatoyour kindness. Yes, it is true that

ﬂquitted at the trial; but it is also true that there
«. -a , thousands, in fact, who believe now that

v  father.”

-  of that. However, I am not one of

I  again. I am the wife of Count Raoul de
,  have. never seen him save at the
 against me, since we stood
agglcto téceive the congratulations of our guests
a ‘  the ceremony of marriage.”

7’ W nodded.

’i ” he said. .“Now, tell me in a word

' have come to me this morning. I know
I ' which is not wholly apparent

9!

 slowly; “I think, in fact, that I have
 among them all is the one

  

NEW’ NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 3

like to tell you all that I have on my mind to say on the
subject."

She still held the letter in her hand, and now she
leaned a little. toward him and added: .

“I don’t know if you will understand me. but I have
been so entirely alone in the world ever since that awful
thing happened in my life, that I have not known what
it is to have a friend or a conﬁdante. At the time I
was charged with the crime everybody shrank from me,
save a few of my very warmest friends; and'I suppose
that I even estranged those by my own acts; for in the
position I was in, I believed that even they looked
upon me with askance. and that I was an abomination in
the sight of all mankind. I became morbid, and for a
time I even hid my identity under a name that was en-
tirely assumed. It was not until I went to live with
Miss Glenn. in the capacity of a maid, that I reassumed
my own family name—Clarice St. Cyr. I do not regard
the name De .\Iorney as mine at all. I never have. But
St. Cyr is my name, and in my own heart I know that I
have no reason to conceal it. VVi1l you read the letter,
Mr. Carter? After that we will talk it over. and you
will tell me what I ought to do. I know that you will
be my friend; I have known it all along; and—God only
knows how sincerely I want and need one.” _

“Yes, I will read it,” he replied, still with his eyes upon
her. “And I will be your good friend, too, Clarice.”

. CHAPTER II.
‘rm; THREATENING LETTER.

The letter which she now gave to him to read was as
follows:

“CLARICE: I suppose. like others, it has occurred to
you to wonder what has become of me. I also suppose
that you will not be particularly elated to but _from
me; to discover that I am anywhere near you—or. in
fact, that I am still among the living. But the fact re-
mains that I am very much alive, and that through an
accident which I will not now take the trouble to explain,
I have become aware of your own existence near e.

“5I‘he knowledge came to me in quite an unexpected
manner. and I have been considering for several weeks
whether it would be well to communicate with you; in
fact, ever since I knew of your nearness, I have turned
the matter over and over in my mind——and I have ﬁnally
decided to write to you. For, after all, you are my wife,
although, I suppose, you have no love for me. '

“Why should you have? Until the day of our wed-
ding I-rarely saw you at all. I knew you only as a
young thing lately released from a convent; and you
were sold to me--or. rather, to put it correctly, I was
sold to you-—after our abominable French fashion, when

. you had no more idea of the meaning of the word love
’thanahabe,andl--well,llovedanotherwanan.

I .

  

    

NEW

“I need not tell you who that other was, or is; for, to
tell you the truth, I scarcely knew—and do not now
l<now——myself. She was a mystery to me and remains so
to this day. I only know that her name is Dolores, and
that she is Spanish. But enough of that. I did not be-
gin this letter. in order to write about her, who may be
dead for all I know, and who, doubtless, I shall never
see again, although at the time I recognized you I heard
her name mentioned.
 “Since I discovered the fact of your existence near me,
A I have made a great many inquiries about you, and I
have found that you are choosing to live in the capacity
‘ of a lady’s—maid to Miss Carmen Glenn, the heiress to
many millions. This I cannot understand-—that is,- I"
I cannot ﬁnd an explanation for it on the face of it, al«
though there may be one which I hesitate to name,’ fear-
ing to give oEense--for I know that you inherited a for
 tune from your father. A i
 , “The ‘dot’ whichcame to me through you hasilong
since been expended. I haven’t a red cent of it left, as

 

 

 

 

I  they would say in this country; but, all the same, I have‘

managed to make a very good living, with always money
in my pocket to spend. How I do it need not matter at
this time, however.

“I can understand your preferring to live undercover,
l for I know-—-well, never mind what I know. You were
acquitted at the trial, and that is enough. '

 ' "Now, my dear, it has occurred to me that you have
i‘ ., ‘got a great deal more sand than I gave you ci'edit for.
_I _remember that you are beautiful; and I am reminde
that you are my wife. So I have decided after careful
thought to write you this letter and to ask you to link
‘ your fortunes with mine. -
1 V “I desire you to reply to this letter at once, to address
fyour answer to ‘William Brown,’ at the general post-
«_oﬂice_, paste restante, and in that letter to make an ap~

  

V ,  is room at the Hotel Mammoth; only be sure to
 at least two days’ notice of the time.
' , and hold a consultation, andiiwhen I assure you
 will ﬁnd a way to make it mighty unpleasant for
if yhu refuse, I have no doubt that youéwill consent.
 you are the woman I think you are, judging,
 from your present association with the heiress.
 "jump at the chance to see me. I have,.a plan
{I think will please you. Wewin take society by

  

  

liq.

       
      
    

 ofyou suggested the plan, and it will be as
5. Of accomplishment lac-i—we_ll,_.as easy as writing this

_5toIia,t'onc'e.' _ W
. “Y

   
   
 

expect to 

  

 

       

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 to meet me any evening in the week in the.
P

»;“‘Thst is all for the present. . It is important that we

- came here to ask for your advice and to follolw‘

 and we will simply wallow in riches. That is all.’

' nanny." -

   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
       
     

“You sa'y that you received this a week ago yester-
day ?” he asked. I A

“Yes.”

“Have you replied to it ?”

“No.”

“Then it is likely that you’ have received another one; 1
eh P” '

“Yes. Here is the other.” :

probably you have, and have elected to ignore it. I‘ wish
to.remind you that such a course would be dangerous
I must hear from you, and I mustsee you and talk with
you, and that without delay. Write to me at once. i ,
' 1‘ CR‘! 91

“When did you receive this one?” asked Nick.
“Yesterday.” _

“Have you replied to it P”

     
    
 
 

“No.7?  ‘ '.
Nick left his chair at the desk and motioned to Clariée
to occupy it. ' ’

 

‘,‘Sit there and write as I shall dictate,” he said. “A
that, we will continue the conversation.” .
“Do you mean that I am to write to him?” sheas _
“Yes; by all means.” ' 1
She took her seat at the desk, and Nick dictated
“ ‘I ‘have iieceived your two letters. I will be in
Persian room at‘ the Mammoth, Thursday eveningof
week, at eight o'clock, and will wait ﬁfteen minu
You need not sign it at all, Clarice.’ Here 
velope. Now address it as he told you to do in, th
note. That is right.” He touched the bell, aiad 
Joseph appeared told him to post the letter at once): 
“Don’t forget, now,” he said to her, after 
gone out. “Thursday evening, ‘at eight o'clock 
must go there alone-—but you will not be ther
for I shall be near at hand; near enough tolhea 
is said, if possible; at least, near enough to see
takes place." V _ ' i
She nodded. - _f .
“I do not in the least like the idea,” shesai

     
   
     
    
  

  

     
 
     
  

  

   
   
 

        
    
 

   
  
   

      
     
    
 
  
        
    
      

  

given. I will do so without qubstion.” V ‘V _
“That is the way to talk, Cla.rice., Tl1i§9i§'
You and I will take paind not to.
Thursday; but Thursday evening, when 
Persian roon1 at the hotel, I will betl-reré}
all likelihood he will ask P i
place with him.” s‘ ‘ .
“I have no. doubt of th§t.”- 1” 8 i
 I “He may Qbitct t9’_th¢;}_'f°*.
t ” ; ,toa,pubtici,£or€h§e..nsqs. 

you to;—‘ad_iou ' to

    

   
 
  
    
    
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

i"‘.He may suggest the dining—room and a quiet, obscure
Liable; or he may insist upon going out somewhere. You
- refuse to be enticed from that room.”

es.” °
".i(ake.any excuse that occurs to you at the time. but
lave the tooth in his company on any account."

And no nutter what his prysition to you may be
~ toyconsent to consider it. ’
3:: g I _ ‘
"lave an idea from the tone of his letter that it will
“you. The letter reads to me as if he was con-
 sume plan for robbing Carmen Glenn, for he
suggests that he has been living by dishonest
since he spent the money you brought to him.”
ﬂntight that, also.” .
1” suggests it plainly enough; and he appears to
p} {tht you have some such scheme in your own mind;
" ‘ laflt, tint you are situated so that such a scheme
‘»  out, and he does not despair of your
, , to his plans.” '
 all that, too.”A
 how greatly he shocks yo‘ t the time
tﬁeting, appear to consider his plans. ou may
"da'un:.at first, of course. Don't fall into his ideas

>" r i
.- z1lii¢t_;ymdwuravei1.\.I-winbeana.eumr-

-‘ loldman. Whenyouentertherooml
bit! it: but presently,’ after his arrival,
audlwillseatmyaelfasneartoyouasl
Vﬂtflout attracting his attention or forcing
 away.".

I

   upon seeing me home,

 

, that the automobile is coming after-
‘. with ﬂw’,hansekeeper. It will be

 but he=need not
attlruouthaatrancstothehotel,

 ' as chauﬁeur. I
. V; . 35¢)’ . b .
~ Bﬁqﬂeaaetellme--what do

‘t

 

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

I ’__I rid ‘myself of him after the inter— _

~,»whotnldmeabonthim,”saidClariee.

"j"

3

“Tell me something about the man himself. Did he
have money?”

“No; he was bankrupt‘. He had gone through two for-
tunes; one inherited from his father and the other from
his mother. He was a gambler—and worse.”

“Somewhat of a libertine, I suppose you mean."

“Yes. At least, such was the impression I received
of him, from things that were said to me by others be-
fore the wedding." ‘

“If he was bankrupt and the other things, how was
it that your father consented to your marriage with
him P-”

“There were several reasons, any one of which was
suﬂicient .so far as my father was concerned," she re-
plied. “The most important one was that my father
wished to get rid of me. I was very much in his way.
My mother died when I was born. For years I had
been kept in a convent. When I did go home to live.I
was like a white elephant on my father's hands. I was
literally in the way.”

“I understand. Your father scarcely knew you at
all.”

“That is ft—or part of it. The marquis was what is
called an ‘old-young man.’ He was in the same set with
the count. Raoul’s family is a very old one, and an im-
portant one. An alliance with him was generally re-
garded as an honor. My father was rich, and Raoul
sought me; Raoul had family, and would take me away
from the chateau, so my father sought him.” -

"I understand. I suppose it was because of this con-
dition of aﬁairs that you and your father quarreled just
before the wedding.”

"Yes."

“Now tell me more about Raoul. It is evident that
he chooses to make you think that he believes you guilty
- of the death of your father, so I wish to know all there

is to know about him."

“I know so  about him, Mr. Carter. I knew him
not at an.” "

“But that little that you do know—that and the im-
pressions you received of him, and the reasons you gave
your father for objecting to the marriage--you can tell
meal! that, Clarice.”

. . CHAPTER III.
1 ‘ we was 11:: atnanaan?

“Itwasoneoftheelderwomenservantsattbechateau
“She was de-
vottdto:ne.andahetoldmethat‘shewouldrathersee
me in myahroud than thewiﬁe of Count Dehlomcy.

um-—@

shegmhins-mxmuqnuagn. Ioouldnotrepati

the half ofit ao‘yoII;‘nu even the aubdanoe of it.
'~ ‘I  what youvuean.” .
3’ “hi I ' “

 

iI8ideai¢Ia_3,lnI;U.aem&medgnhh-

      
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
  

35

  

‘I would risk. everything, even the honor of his name, and
possibly that of his wife as well, on the turn of a card.”
“Go on.” '

,_ “He was deeply in debt; it was even whispered that
 there were questionable transactions of his from which
he expected his marriage with me to extricate him.”

4 “Do you know what they were ?”

“No; not at all.”

“It is, however, probable that they may have had
something to do with his ﬂight and disappearance later.
Do you think so?"

“I think it very probable, Mr. Carter.”

“Anything more ?’f

“He was-—and I suppose is—-with it all, a very hand-
some fellow. Notwithstanding his dissipations, he was
an athlete; a man of great strength and daring; a con—

_ ﬁrmed duelist. and one of the few who always fought to
kill, or maim, an antagonist; cold, cruel, merciless in the
pursuit of a desire; naturally wicked——-and a daredevil

- . about all things. I think that sums up all I know about

’‘ him.”

“Tell me exactly what were your feelings toward him
that day when you married him."

, “I despised him, hated him,“and feared him, all at
once.”

“And you told these things to your father?”

,“Yes." ,

“When?” I
“At the time we had the quarrel.”

“Just when was that, in reference to the death of your

- father?” I
” “It was the day before the wedding, late in the after-

noon.” ‘I I
“Tell me about that quarrel.‘

.” “It was not really a quarrel at all; or, at least, it was

I aione-sided one. I pleaded with him he became very

A angry, ﬁnally ordering me from his presence. I did not

j seehim after that until I was dressed for the ceremony.

He came to my rooms, then, and I at first refused him

admittance.” '. »

' uG° W ‘ I p g

 “But, Mr. Carter, he was my father and I was leaving

him. At the solicitation at others I ﬁnally admitted him

is my rooms, but when he sought to caress me_I would
have none of it. I tunedmy back upon him and re—
give him my hand tokiss.”

“And then-—-—-” .
left the room. angry himself, saying that I would

I‘ ‘Quay actions. The next time I saw him was at the

y, anvdthen I did not meet his eyes, so that

 time I saw him was when I found him

 ﬂoor of H3 own room, dead.”

I!

' 0

  

  
  

   

I’

  

   

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

_ got down upon my knees beside him and ealfed I
‘ﬁat he could not answer. ’ 

     

“Tell me what there is about it——exact1y as it hap- 
pened.” -

“I separated myself from the company. I had noticed , 1
the absence o_f my father from the room and I went 
search of him, for it had suddenly recurred to me that we
had parted in anger. I was married, and there was no
help for that, so I went in search of him."

“Stop a moment. were was the count—your hus-
band-at that moment?”

“In an adjoining room. He had gone to it a moment
before.” , A ’

“You mean, do you not, a room adjoining the
of the chateau?”

“Yes. The library, in fact.”

“I understand now. Go on.”

“I discovered that I could slip away for a moment,
almost unobserved, and I did so. I went first to my
own rooms, where I looked at myself in the glass, and
I was wondering whether I should try to live and make
the best of my fate, or if I should take my own life be-
fore the close of that day.” . ‘ i '

“Poor girl!”

“My heart was filled with horror, Mr. Carter. No:
body but a young girl, innocent of the world as I was,; 
can understand how I felt.”

“I think I understand you. Go on.”

“I was asked at the trial how long I remained in my
room before I started i search of my father, but I could
not sa_y--I did not know; I do not know now. I migh
have been there five minutes, or, ﬁfteen, or even twenty’
minutes. I have no idea.” V »,

“You were excited.” /

“No; I was coldly contemplating suicide; and when’
I turned away from my mirror to go in search of rn
father, it ‘was because I suddenly remembered the O ',
ental dagger that hung upon the wall in his smoking
room.” . « A
“Just what do you me n by that, Clarice?”

“I mean that I remembered the dagger, and tha
had decided if I did not ﬁnd my father in the room,
could kill myself with that. I left it to fate to decide .2
me, determined that if my father should not .be --as
I would end my life with/the dagger; if he shoul 
there, I would try a little while at least to make the g
of things as they were.” .  *

“And then-———’’ , g V

“Then I entered his room. He was lying dead: as
ﬂoor. A The hilt of the dagger protruded from  I
Irealized in that instant that he was my father, and

salon

 
      
         
      
   
  
  

  
  
    
 
 

       
  

   
  
  

  
     
  
  

    
  
   
 
  

 
   
  

   

     
 

 
  
  

     
       
  

  

   
 
   

dagger. I pulled it from thewound, and his.
lowed it and spattered upon my hands and Q .

   
  
      

Their ‘I stepdsup

  

  

   
   
    
 
     
  
  
  
     
  
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

p  promised myself that if my father should
he ﬁsae, I would make use of that same dagger to
 u f. He was not there. He had gone. V I was
fahout to plunge the weapon into my own heart when

they found you standing over his body?”
a”
 - , wasanybody» else ever suspected of the
,3”

Q; one of the servants-—and -there were many
, — about it, I believe. I do not know much about

Jitqe. I wasin prison, you know; and, besides, I was
u a dazed condition that I haven’t much recollec-
 cah understand that. Was Raoul de Momey ever
’ ..._.0“ﬂ’m!|8Y011r father?” . . '

‘ $1: not. I have never heard. that he was.”
you ever. had any suspicious about the real
 of the deed yourself?”

_ . nut?” V . 

ow could I suspect anybody? I knew so little“?

»§lIﬁi1".s._;life._ I_ did not know his friends or acquai

 I knew nothing of his life save that
itwere better left unlmown.” '

you never suspect Raoul  Momey ?"

=.I lave never. thought of him in connection

to you
‘Q-._deed?’.
 not as you sugge3t~it.. I not doubt
1  apahle of it, if the provocation oc-
 he have done it?- What reason
toﬁosuch athing atsuch a time?”.
 I annot answer now. I
 father was a rich man.”
‘, t"kl!amauofbusiness, withallhis
extensively and was gen-

now that he might have com-

all

u

   

' who  in his will.”
_  ‘ﬁlm?!’
"-£our,~yes. » In the meantime
 ..t°_‘rnc snsrtcﬂy-. 1- re-
.

   

NEW NICK CARTER \VEEKLY.

\'

I tell you the real reason, but it is none the less true
for all that."

“Tell me what the reason is.”

“Horror of Count Raoul de Momey. Fear of meet-
ing him. Dread lest he should claim me for his wife.
My bankers and the few friends I have left in Paris
know where I am and why I remain in hiding."

“But since you went to Miss Glenn you have taken
your own maiden name."

“Yes. I did not feel that I could deceive her. When
she asked my name, at the time I applied for the place, I

told her the truth; but as her maid I have felt that I

was suﬂiciently out of the world to pass unknown; and
who would think of suspecting that Clarice St. Cyr, the
maid, was the same as Clarice St. Cyr, the countess and
heiress?” '

“Nobody; only your face would be readily known.”

“Yes. But I could keep that out of the way—out,.of
sight.” g

“The result—-those letters-——prove that you have not

I done so. Do you still feel all that horror of the man

who is your husband?”

“Yes, and more. Please tell me if it is possible for
him to take me by force. If I thought that——-”

“You need not think it. It is not possible. You are
not in France now, where a husband practically owns
his wife. It is not so here.”

“Thank God for that! I can defy him, then, if he
should threaten to take me with him, even without my
consent ?”

“Yes; only I do not wish you to do that—just yet.”

“Very well. I will be guided in all things by you.”

“That will be best. And that brings us back again to
the question you asked some time ago.”

“What was that? I have forgotten.”

“You asked me what I expected to accomplish by this
plan of sending you to the hotel to meet the count, and
inducing you to appear to listen to his suggestions.”

«Ah, yes.”

“I suppose you have read that letter of his several
times, haven't you ?”

“I have read it many times--yes.” -

“He insinuates that he‘ believes you: to be guilty of that

«crime. Hethreatensyouvaguelywith unpleasantcon-

sequenoesifyoufaﬂtodoasherequests. Hesuggests
thatheis*nowliving‘thelife ofacrookofsomesort,
andhehintsatadeepplottoobtainCarmenGlenn’s
fortune‘--orapertofit,atleast."
.“Yes.": V
-.“'Wall,(Ja'riee,vithsuchainanasthat-—withsucha

.Inan,ahe,asyou’havedescribedhimtobe-—iti‘sgVl-
 tokaowag thoroughly as pissible just where
hevstanch,

Ibelievebythismethodwecanunmask

 n:orethanall,C!aﬁce,Ihopethmugh

 lnd;cIt’vb=‘i: paw ityotu father‘:  A

, 31.5.‘, .
c . .

   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  

Q

CHAPTER IV.
A MAN T0 BEWARE or.

There were two or three minutes of silence between
them after that, which Nick Carter brought to an end
I by asking:

“Have you any knowledge of having met the man on
the street, Clarice?” I

“None whatever,” she replied.

V “You have no idea, then, when it was that he saw
. you to recognize you?”
“No.”
“Is there no incident of the kind that suggests itself to
you P” '
,“None at all. I really think that he must have seen
’ me at the window of the house.”
“Why do you think that?”
“,1-Tor the reason that I never go out without wearing a
V veil. I am quite sure that  have not been on the street
once. since I have been with Miss Glenn when I have
not worn a veil. I am also careful to wear one when
I ‘ I go in the carriage or in one of the automobiles. I
think that the only way in which he could have seen me
to recognize me was through the window.”
. " “Possibly tlie man might recognize your ﬁgure or
your walk.” .
3. “I do not think so. He did not know me well enough
. for that. Count De Morney has not seen me three .times
in all his life when I was not seated in his presence, I
; am, in fact, rather surprised that he should have known
 at all.’.'
. ,, “-Yours is not a face that is so readily forgotten, Cla-
; nor is'your voice. Both have a method of their
 own of engraving their memory upon a man.’.’
‘ f‘I.don’t know whether that is a compliment or not."
I  smiled back at him. “The fact remains that he has
 and recognized me.” ~ * ,
l ' “I, es. I don't-think we can get away from that. De-
scribe hitnto me, Clarice.” I *
"His looks, do you mean?”
““Yes.” I
“He. is tall, for a Frenchmanl-—fully six feet, I think.
3H2 is magniﬁcently proportioned,. and he walks erect,
' Iikéla soldier. He has more of the look of an English-
M_§;Iau':than a Frenchman, for he is fair. His eyes are blue;
“' V-mustache, if he wears.one now, the color of molasses
candy that has been thoroughly pulled. His hair is
qdarker-—almost brown. His features are regu~
,‘=and he has shapely hands and feet.‘ He speaks Eng-
 the suggestion of an a ent, In fact, he, is
ZQOti(§es_'£t1l'.linguist,,I have heard, peaking "many of the
~_ » ~. ijﬂlently; and I have told--by that same
, [Who  other things;-:thathe‘.was at one

?

i

  

  

    

1

   

  
  

   

  
 

_. '.”..J‘VVr.., sn 4 ‘>   V. 

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

gthe blood-.stains.~ upon tnyrrihands anda
‘!«"1A»°a*ﬂ'3?asin§ib°Wh°*°1¢z£K<:ﬂnts " ‘

   

what you have already told me why he should have
thought it necessary to disappear at the time he did?"
“No.”
“And have you never received any sort of word from
him since that time, until these letters?”
“No.”
“Nor during the time of your imprisonment?”
"‘Yes; I heard from him three or four times then. It
always came to me through an intermediary.”
“A mutual friend?”
“Not a mutual friend. We had none such; but through
a friend of his who was at the wedding, and whom he I
afterward sent to the prison to see me.”_
“For what purpose? That might be an interesting
item}: ‘
“At first it was a suggestion, very delicately made, but _
I nevertheless understood it, that if I would supply’the '
money he thought it might be possible to bribe my jailers
so that I could escape.”
“You had money of your own even then?”
“I had more than two hundred thousand francs—forty
thousand dol1ars—of my own. Yes.”

“What reply did you make to the suggestion?"

“I sent word to him that I would rather spend the re~
mainder of my life in prison than to pass it with him."

“What were the other messages ?”

“Merely offers of service, and always with the under-
lying motive for me to let him have my money to use for"
my beneﬁt.” -

“ ' the trial did he testify against you?”

“ certainly made no effort to save me. He made a I
great show of telling the truth as he'_ pretended to see it, 
and while he had the air of endeavoring to shield me,
could see plainly, as did my lawyer, that he wanted me.
to be convicted. Don’t you see that if the verdict had}
been against me, he would then have sought to have me
sentenced to penal servitude, instead of to death, 
that ‘ultimately he would have possessed himself of the;
entire: estate ?” I Y 1

“I begin to understand it now.”

“And all the while he would have posed as the loving
husband whose heart was broken by the terrible troubl
that had come upon him.” ‘=77
“Tell melthe substance of what he swore to at
trial.” ' '. V 

“That he saw me ascend the stairs a little while
fore the murder was discovered; that my vfatherxhadl '- .
him .of the quarrel between us the precedingmlay; a 
had once in a conversation with him mentioned the; O
ental dagger with which my father was killed-—w
was true, for I had once spoken of\ it as a curious .
of art——-and that he was among the ﬁrstgto enter
room when I was -f,oun_cl;wi,th theidagger in my 

  

 
       
         
     
       
       
    
     
       
     
     
     

   
       
        
 
   
   
   
      
   
      
   
     
  

   
  

 
   
  

  

      

 
    

    
 

  
   
   
     
  
   
    
 
   
    
    
   
    
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

‘w of your 'father, the‘ marquis, was _anything stolen
 person or his rooms?” ‘

_ ' don't know.- I have never heard that there was;
s‘ ‘ ' ”

I ‘Well? Although what, Clarice?”

 father was in the habit of keeping large sums of
money in the safe in the room where he was killed. I
 known him to have as much as a million francs
« 3Ih'ere at one time; but it is also true that there were
I  there was none there at all. ‘T here was none
 at the time of his death, so I have been told. The
aife wag open,‘ but its contents seemed to have been un-
ﬁurbed.” ’

V “See that infaet there might "have been a robbery, with
 the wiser? Is that what’ you mean ?"
*-us*.§OY6.9I
 Count De Morney, at the time of your trial, ac
 for his own time during the interval when the
 must have been committed P” ,
_ "Yes. My lawyer made him do that.”
f‘i*‘~‘And how did he account for it?”
‘hve already told you that when I left the room to
 stairs, Raoul was in the library adjoining. He
—s that he remained there about ten minutes, he
 and then he stepped outside in the grounds that
 the building. He went out in company with

 Henride la Pierre—who also swore to the
'_hi..ng'” ‘ tr .

 g is Henri de la Pierre? Is he the one who
g_ vidts to you at the prison?”

  do you know about that gentleman, Clarice?"
‘ y. A at all, save_ that he is, apparently, much the
 of ‘character as Raoul.”

you know if De la Pierre has also disappeared
  haunts on the other side?”

.

_ - j’ opinion.ofthetime;that is,
,  by nnmy when I was acquitted.

V q_ _ y articles of yalue would be about,
V  ’_ if to help himself, ahd, being discov-
 seized the weapon and struck him
 that such a person
,  itwas that which went farthe

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. 9

dirt there which had apparently been tracked inside by
some one.”

“But nothing appeared to have been stolen by the
thief?”

“No. It was thought that he was so frightened by
what he had done that he lied at once.”

"VVell,” said‘ the detective. “it is not fair that you
should live the rest of your life under a cloud because
of that affair, and I don’t propose that you shall do so.
But before we take up anything relative to the manner
of your father’s death we must close this incident of the
letters. You will go to ﬁne hotel, as I have directed,
Thursday night?”

“Certainly.”

“And you will carry out the plans as I have outlined
them?” ;

“Yes.”

“You are not afraid to do all this, are you, Clarice?"

“No; if I know that you will be near me. Otherwise
I should be afraid. I am really in terror of the count;
and I am not of the timid sort, either.”

“I know that. Now, another thing, Clarice."

“What is it, Mr. Carter?”

“I think when you return to Miss Glenn now you
should tell her the truth about yourself.”

“Do you mean the entire story as I have told it to
you?”

“Yes. There is no reason why she should not know.
She would give you her full sympathy, and you may need
her for a friend before we are through. Besides, I think
that the count anticipates informing her of all this, in
case you should not be so readily managed as he believes
you may be.”

"I have thought of that.”

“Then you had better forestall any information he
might be inclined to give to her, for you may be sure
that if he should tell her the story would not be exactly
as you would tell it."

“That is quite true.”'

“Then, you will tell her?”

“Yes; at once—as soon as I arrive home from here.”

“That is well. I suppose she will think it necessary
at once to get another maid.” \_

“I shall not permit her to do that. I shall insist upon
serving out my mouth. Isn't a maid entitled to a month's
warning, Mr. Carter?” she asked, laughing.

i“Yes; a montlfs warning, or a month’s [fay-—-one or
the other. She may insist upon the latter,‘ Clarice.”

The detective went with her to the door, and as they
were putting he said to her:

“Remember, I shall appear at the hotel in the guise
of a very‘ old man. I will saunter into the Persian roeni
and out of it again several ‘times, and particularly while
you are there; but I will not speak to you or notice you
in‘-'an'y“w%ey, are you’ to take anynotiee ofme what-

, V

  
  
   
  
 

_ eyer. I have an ideal that much may depend upon your

4 adhering to these particulars.”

L ‘-‘I will not forget them.” .

“You are to remember, also, that the automobile will
be at the south entrance-awaiting you after 8:15, and
‘ that Chick will be the chauffeur.”

I “Yes.”
“If the count should follow you out of the hotel you
_ have only to walk straight to the automobile. Chick will
he on the lookout, and will be prepared for anything that
may happen, so you need have no misgivings about the
‘I affair at all. ’ OnIy=—*~” he gopped.
. “Only what, Mr. Carter?” she asked.
V V “I had not thought of this before,” he said. “It would
‘ ot  safe-for you to go to the hotel alone to keep the
lzappointnient. I will send Chick with the auto after you
Eat» a quarter to eight. Good-by.”

  

  

 

‘~ .-~ CHAPTER V.
-rm: POXSONED sricxmn.

  
  

-very old man might have been seen wandering about
 extensive corridors of the Hotel Mammoth.

»He__ was rather conspicuous because of his undoubted
 which was apparent to all observers, notwithstand-
 the agility with which he got about; and many were
 curious eyes that were turhed upon him.

CW’: know‘ that the old man was Nick Carter in dis-
 we know also that it was part of his plan to ren~
 ‘his appearance in the corridors of the hotel as promi-
 as possible, so that in case Count D,e Morney or
» if i one sent by him should be on the watch to see if
" had‘engaged anybody, to spy upon the interview

- .
.

was to follow, this particular old man, at least,

   

  
    
  
 

- not beia ‘suspected party.
or three minutes before eight o'clock the de-
was standing idly upon the stepsgatthe south en-
bo thehotel, smoking a huge, black ci L r; and he‘
eiiefore there when his own automobiledrew up at
4; "_ cé. ’ 'ven by,» Chick, and Clarice’ got down,
"A I  e, Nick’s housekeeper, in the tonneauf
' hér. return. “ . ’
_, _ g , d not glance toward Clarice as she entered
~'   although she sent one swift glance
j the   thesteps, it was no more "of p

   
   

   
  

  
  
 

 

   
  

NEW NICK ‘CARTER 'WEEKLY.

’ to the place where the two persons in whom he was in-:

‘_ .A few minutes before eight o'clock Thursday evening »

-hair. He proceeded calmly with his 

 ha,g.,ﬁea,a..,;t,... ., .  ;;
 fr

 
  

Nick dropped negligently into a chair that was far away "
from her. Then he pulled a letter from his pocket and 
appeared to be reading it assidulously; but all the time 
he kept his eyes upon that other old man who, after a I C
hurried survey of the room, deliberately crossed to where‘
Clarice was seated and dropped down beside her.

It was not important that the detective should hear
any of the conversation that took place between the two,’
for he knew that Clarice would tell him all_that was said;
and yet he felt ﬂiat he would like to hear the sound of
the man's voice. ,  _

After a little, having apparently ﬁnished the reading of 
the letter, Nick rose,’ crossed the room to a window, and 
stood gazing out of it for a moment, and then abruptly pi
turning he left the room. — . "

He permitted himself to be absent ﬁve minutes when
he returned quite as abruptly as he had gone,out,;and,
making his way directly to a writing-desk that was near

      
     
       
        
 
    

terested were seated, he dropped into the chair in front
of it, and, seizing a pen, began to write. ‘

Heifound instantly that the accoustic properties of the I
room were such that he could plainly hear all that was
said between Clarice and her companion, who were»'talk-F
ing in French——-and he doubted very much it either of
them would think it possible that he could hear.

As if‘ in substantiation of this belief, he presently’
heard. the count say to Clarice: , J,

“AI/wonder who that old man can be?‘ I wonder if  
can hear what we say?" ,

‘gwhat does it matter whether he hears or not?” re A.

    
     
 
 

   
 
    

  
      
 

  
   

pli d Clarice. - _ ,
‘ t matters to me, and it will matter to you before w 
are through withthis interview,” was the reply. "W
a moment and I will find out.” I 3.
Nick could hear the man rise—-for the detective 
seated with his back toward them, and therefore could 3‘
not sch them-—and he know that the count came doéiély
behind him. Then the man said: ‘  '
"Good evening, sir. I-Iowiare you,?” if  ‘
Nick did not move or turn his he‘acl,"but calnily
tinned his writing; and the count tried again, 
in a louder tone. . . if V‘ 
“Good evening, sir,” he repeated. “How are youj?"
The detective did not_ budge or, ﬁguratively, 

 
      
   
 
 
 

    
  
    
  

  
 

smiled tohimself when he heard the count turn ‘W ‘
and rejoin Clarice. » V‘ v _ . 

But the deteetivehad started sornew at’ w  
heard the sound ‘of: that voice so nearat 
came tofhimi in a ﬂash that it wasnot 4.-hcgﬁsrst 

 
 
  

       
       
 
 

here was a .toneiah‘o'ut itfthat ,

      

   
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   

recall when and where that could have been.

he put the eﬁort aside for the moment, knowing
he could devote his mind to it later; just ‘now he
' so ", interested in hearing what should be said by
‘s as deaf as a post," said De Momey; “all the
Clarice, you try him. I wish to be sure. If he is
T I would rather he sit there than not, for by doing
' will keep others from occupying that particular

{-
-o

.-A appeared to object, but De Morney insisted,
tly as if with great reluctance she arose and
v —- the space between them so that she came to a
“directly in front of Nick Carter. ,

 dorr me, sir,” she said; “may I have a sheet of that
and an envelope?”

_ ‘detective looked up quickly. Then he started to
»~ and made as if to oﬁer her his chair; but im~
ely she tried to reassure him.

. y, by aid of many gestures, she succeeded in in-
him to resume his chair, after which she helped
to‘paper and an envelope, and was turning away,
Nick said to. her in a voice which belonged to a
old man: s . .
i will pardon me. I am very deaf.” After
resumed his writing as if nothing had happened
« abparenﬂy oblivious to all around him.

 there is no doubt that he is deaf, all right,”
haunt, in English, to',Clarice, then; and he added

«I ,: “Have you dined, Clarice?” '
n g .

"v I

'  ‘Will you go into the dining—room with

 remain here."

"must have a very long talk. It will be dry
  work, for me." i
I \Besides, I shall not re-

you above half an hour, ‘Count De

you !. Keep names to yourself, can’t
,.Mr. Brown for to-night. And as for
here  half an hour—you will remain
 go; don't forget that, my‘

 
  
  

  seat on the couch, and she

    

 I the ie5:claimed;__ and he seized
‘J her  ‘forcibly beside him.
. ; _ ti|1l'-ll0.l‘.'1‘l11)011‘l‘Iil'l1 with ﬂash-

  
 
 
 

 

 
 

  your
tit  to

    
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. _

  

T

threaten me again, I will do so. We are in America, in
a hotel, and it would require very little on your part to
make me call for assistance and tell who you are to the
first person who should make an apeparance in reply
to my call.” ‘

“You are my wife!” he ground out, in a rage at her
deﬁance of him.

“We are not in France,” was her reply to that taunt.

“Sit down again, will you?” he said, then, adopting
another tack, and realizing that she would not be driven.

“Yes,” she replied, ‘if you will conduct yourself as a
gentleman, and will not remind‘me of things which I
prefer to forget.” ‘ .

“That I am your husband, for instance?” he sneered.

“Yesfl ,

“But you are my wife.”

“In name only. Now come to the point, if you please,
for I shall not remain long with you, and I shall refuse
to see you again. Why did you insist upon seeing me ?"

“I want you for what you are; that is the long and
short of it. You are my wife and I intend that you
shall——— I intend to claim you as such.”

He made the statement with such savageness, and with
such evidence of intense meaning, that again she started
to rise; but this time he seized her even more forcibly
than before, and as he held her on the seat beside him,
he said:

“Look here, Clarice, you needn’t drive me too far.
You at least know that I fear nothing, and that I am
not a person to be deﬁed with impunity. If you try to
leave me without hearing me out to the end-without

hearing all that I have to say to you, I swear that I’ll

kill you and take my chances of getting away after it!"
She realized that this was no idle threat, and yet she
smiled scornfully. She knew that he was quite capable
of doing what he said, and yet she shrugged her shoul-
ders contemptuously.
“Possibly you don't believe me,” he said coolly, again

master of his temper; “but you would believe if you _g

knew me as well’ as others know me. ,Look here!”

Nick had managed to move the desk at which he ap-
peared to be engaged in writing so that a small mirror
that was set in its framework reﬂected everything that
the two persons on the couch were doing; and now he
saw the count take a small velvet case from his pocket
and remove therefrom’ an object which appeared to be a
stickpin for a gentleman's scarf. It was made in imita-
tion of a snake's head, and the pin itself was spiral, so
that if used in a scarf it would have to be screwed into
place. '

This the man exhibited to his companion, and 

was a cruel smile on his lips and in his eyes as he did 30.1

' “Do you see this ?” he asked. . 2
She. nodded. ' I V.

l .

 

II

   
 
  
 
 

  

 , .~~5:._:;,‘~,,.,«-«nu»--5 '7' 3 V L, '-,_  » ,._-,- ~»-er‘-: “-1

 
  
    
  
  
  
  
   

Clarice, and you would never know that you had been
hurt; and yet you would be dead the instant it touched
you. Oh, you need not shudder so terribly or turn so
pale. I have no idea of hurting you-unless you drive
me too far, and defy me. But I shall hold the pin in
my hand, and if you again attempt to leave me until I
give you pennission to go, I will use it.”

Clarice was brave enough, but she. could not repress
that shudder which he had noticed and commented upon;
and now she realized that the man meant what he said,
and that she was in a measure a prisoner until he chose
to release her.

 But there was one great /consolation connected with
the peril that surrounded her. She knew that Nick Car-
was near at hand; that he had heard all that had been
id, and that he was prepared to come to her aid when-
ever it should be necessary to do so. i

' But could he get to her quickly enough to save her
 the count should elect to make use of the deadly pin?
She turned and faced him with flashing eyes; with eyes
 ' t belied the terror that was in her heart; and she said,

Vsloywly. and " coldly: '

A l 4"I do not in the least fear you, Raoul de Morney. As
for your deadly pin with which you threaten me, I don't
believe that you tell the truth about it. But even if you
,, that does not affect me. I have thought so many
 of takingimy own life that you would only relieve
‘of the responsibility if you should do it for me. Please
on with what you may have to say, for at the end
thirty minutes I will leave you, whether I go with
if permission or not; even if I go by the route you‘
 .” .
The man looked upon her with eyes that shone with

 -« admiration. v
’ D:"eqgJ”:he said. , “You are a queen, Clarice! I never
u you hadsuch couragezasthat. See, I put away
” pin so. I will threaten you no more. You shall
‘ *n‘1e,.;‘ if you will, at the end of thirty minutes. I
  cannot move you by threats so I will try to
so  to you. Now, shall we talk amica-

  

    
 
  

    

 
 

 
 

    
  

   

 
 

  she replied inditferently.
CI-I;.§_AI’TER vi.
  non1~mY’.s nor. « — _ . -»
f  S'ou._tvon’t:tell me}? he asked, “why you '
‘ to lire as 3 ladyk,-maid?”i _

_so,”' she replied, with

   
  

( %'?chose to do 

 

 
 
  
  

j":-x-’(1*' ;  , , ._ ,. __, ... .,_  .

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. A I  ,

' think "

[told you when and how it
‘P  is

   
  
   
   

V “I know that. But there is a motive behind it, is there
not?” _
' “Certainly there is a motive. There is always a motive
for what‘ we do, I believe.” '
“What is your motive in this case?”
“That I need not tell you—now.” _
“If it were not for the fortune that you possess in 5 :5’
your own right-or which at the least you will possess
when you are twenty-four-——I would think--I would 

“\/Vell, what would 'you think ‘ .

“I would think that you have ulterior designs upon
the fortune of-—I will not mention names—of your mis- ‘ »
tress.” I ‘H

He waited fofher to reply, but she did not venture to I
do so. She merely remained with her head half—turned
from him and made no'sign whatever.

“Tell me,” he said, after a little. “Is it so ?”

“Is what so?” she asked.

“Have I guessed correctly?” ,. M

“I have not heard that you made a guess.” ., ,

“You are certainly anxious to lose your identity; you . .
have proved that.” . ‘

“Well?” . . ,

He was silent for several moments, and then as if_
suddenly resolved at all hazards to say what he had
come there to say, he continued:

“Suppose, Clarice, that I could show you a plan by
whi you could effectually lose. that identitywhich youf‘
desplise, forever; eh ?” r 

“I\_ should say then,” she replied slowly, “that om=
meeting, much as I ‘ldreaded it, had not been entirel
without its advantages.” it

“Good!” He drew nearer to her; but before he could
say more, she continued: I p. 
“Only that the one great reason why I wish to? 
my identity is to conceal it from you, Raoul, de Morn

“Nonserse! I won’t trouble you; that is,'pot if yogi‘
will fall into my plans.” '\

“I very much doubt if you could suggest an
which would meet with my favor.” - ‘

“Clarice!” I

“Well?”

“You have seen me before since I ihavelubeeitl
America; you have been seated in my presence, 
feet away from me. You have heard me speak, and:
would have recognized me their if you lrad.h3t
thought that I was within a thousand miles of 
if you had ever cared enough about me to 
berer me at-all.” Did you guess that?”  . g  

“You are speaking in _jriddles,”   "’

I {ﬁnd yet it will all be quitepl,a”in’to_you when
I =t.ws  

 
 
      
    
    
 

 
 
    
   
  

  
  
     
   
   
    
    
   

   
  
    

 

 
 
     
  

plat

       
   
  
   
     
     
   

 

 
    

  

  
   
     
   
  
 
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

 - about the voice of the man, he had believed
1,;  moment would come when the count would
 “reveal the source of it before that interview
 p to an end, and now he felt that the moment had
: w quite a lot about you,” said the count, evi-
 to defer the dénouernent as long as
_ ‘; but she made no reply to that statement. Evi-
y 3 did not interest her. -

 Carter?" he laughed. .

‘I suited that time. For just an instant she be-
tihat her companion had been somehow led to
«the identity of the old man seated near them so
' engaged with this correspondence; but she quickly
' :the thought, and he continued:

 to me that knowing him as well as you
_,E)¢1ti‘ might go to him with those letters I wrote to
 their for his advice. He would have given it

V “ ‘!U V I

«you sally think so?” she asked indjﬁerently.

' sure of it." ' ' ' '

are pleased, £or some reason, to be thoroughly
to-night. When it occurs to you to get down

iitne  I‘ saw yhu, and heard you speak,
-  when I ﬁrst learned where you were

ii§tothe_n1irror in the frame in front
 ‘man whose disguise was now, like
*old"mau.» '

 

‘fcount, "am one
 We in. 
 Ri‘ver‘_iri,a.i/intxorr
 :6 New" York?
 were others
 sniiemz no‘
 that”
“f  to are-arts na-

3

  
  
 
 
 
 

I “‘I.mig-he ask you, for example, how is your good _

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY, 13

“Rest easy on that score. I am not such a fool as to
let Nick Carter capture me; and even if he does so now,
or should do so later, he is not the man to forget that
he owes me a very great favor, and that he has prom-
ised to repay it some time.”

“A favor ?”_ she asked, raising her eyebrows and tum-
ing toward him again.

“Yes,” he replied, “a favor—-—for it certainly was a
favor to him when I replied to his hail from the river
and turned my boat toward the end of a pier from which
he was calling to me. He told me who he was; told me
that a young woman had been abducted and that he had
to get to the Erie station before a special train could
leave there.

“You know the rest, I think. Don't you remember
that the special was just starting when Nick Carter
leaped aboard of it and pulled the bell-cord? Don't you
remember that when he entered the car and held up the
gang at the point of his revolver, that another man was
just behind him?”

She remembered, and she said so. ,

“I was that other man. I was ‘Bill, of the motor—boat,’
whom he thanked so grandly after I had landed you all
safely in New York.”

“‘/on?” she said incredulously.

“Haven't I proved it?” he asked. "Haven’t I proved
it by retailing all the particulars of that night? Don't
you remember that when he oﬁered me money for my
services after we had landed in New York, I declined it
and told him that some day I might have a favor to ask
of him? And don’t you remember, too, what he said
in reply to that remark of mine?”

“No. What did he say?”

“He told me‘ in eﬁect that when I needed a friend to
go to him, and that if he could dozanything to favor me
he would do it.” »

“You don't suppose that he meant that he would con-
done a crime on your part, do you F” she asked, with
evident seem in her voice.

“I don’t know what he meant if he-didn’t mean exactly
what he said, It will be time enough for him to split
hairs about it—-if he wishes to do that-—when I go to him
for a return favor.”

“All this is not telling me why you insisted upon
 me hene,” she said, somewhat coldly, for she
perceived that the conversation was approaching -dan-
gefous  ‘ \

“Iameorningtothat;Iamalmost to it. Doyou
remember one more thing about that night?” T

"1 real! :1 great many things ahout_that night,” die
replied. “so I, have no means of knowing exactly to what
y0ﬂ  !|°_Wa”

.“I~Iave»youfoIgotteuthatyounlsoworeediagu'u.

 

 

   

She started now —-and well she might. The question
revealed exactly what he was getting at.
“I overhead all that you said that night, Clarice, in
making explanations to your mistress who was in the
boat with you. You and she were so exactly alike at
the time that it is not strange that until that conversation
I mistook you for twin sisters. But then, by listening
I discovered that she was your mistress and you were
the maid; that Nick Carter, with his devilish skill had
made you up to look exactly like her in order that he
might palm you off atsome dinner that had been given
that night, as Carmen Glenn; I heard that your real
name was Clarice, and I hearﬂ and recogzziged your
voice. Moreover, you and your mistress spoke together
in French, and that was all I needed to tell me exactly
I who you were.

“I knew then, Clarice, that my wife was in the boat
with me. I saw then, in the possibilities of your dis~
guise, great things to be accomplished, and I determined
then to hide my time for the fulﬁlment of them."

 ’ “I begin to understand you now,” she said, in a faint

I “It is high time that you understood."

1 “Go on,” she murmured. “Let me hear you to the
, end.”

“The end is this, Clarice,” and be bent nearer to her
and lowered his voice so that it was with difficulty that
Nick could hear what he said. “If you could be made
‘M up once to look so exactly like Carmen Glenn that her
9: ‘intimate friends were deceived, you can do it again.
' KNOW the cat is out of the bag, what have you to say
about it?” .

. “Is the cat out of the bag?
._more explicit, I think.”

“Listen. Carmen Glenn can't count her millions on
4 the ﬁngers of both hands.‘ I have made inquiries, and%I
‘ know.” V
’ “Well?” -
7 ~ “All those millions might be yours——and rnine—by the
‘turning’ of your hand.”

 He was leaning near to hernow and his eyes were
 wickedly. ‘ .

L '_“Mine? And yours?" .she said. ‘'1 do not under-
‘. “Don’t you? Tlfen I will, explain clearly. You can.
fransfonn yourself into Carmen Glenn by the very sim-
 process of repeating what was done that night. Car-
" ‘ 'g Glenn's father is dead, and you yourself are her
 so there will be nobody left near her to perceive
' if fund. She hasno living relatives, save that one who
 ‘awaitingexecution in the deathhonse /at Sing
., gThere will be nobody to betray you; nobody to

  
  
  
 
 

 

 

You will have to be

V

   
   
  

 
    
   
  
  
 

 riches ofyour

  
 

the dilferenceﬂ You.;ca‘n step into ‘the shoes. the.

m_istress,by the simpleﬂis’ all.” 1 .

agyéar has passed. - She shrank from him
.. ,-. ‘I’ .1 Va» ~ V. 1- 2 |—" V --

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 1

 

"‘"-.'7‘”"' ' ‘Ff "-""‘ 3’

   
  

and you‘ have gradually put aside the (lis'.“uise. I \v,i/ll"?-E‘ 
appear suddenly and you will marry me all over again. '
Then we will be rich, rich, riclz!”

“But,” said Clarice, “what of Carmen herself?”

“Carmen? Leave her to me. I will take care of hcr.".»_

“You would murder her?” gasped Clarice. in evident;
horror. 

The count laughed. '

“No,” he said. “I will promise you that there shall be
no shedding of blood; but I will see to it that she never 5
returns to get in the way of our enjoyment of the riches
she now has. Leave all that part of it to me."

“But,” exclaimed Clarice, as if she were yielding to
the glamour of the thing, “there is one objection to your
plan, at least. There is one important element that you
forget.” A

“What is that?” he asked, frowning.

“You” have forgotten Nick Carter,” she said. “He
would know of the fraud at once. You have forgotten
to take Nick Carter into account.”

 

5-».

 
 
   
  
   
    

CHAPTER VII.
CLARICE .\r.u<r.s .-\ orscovanr. ~

Count Raoul de Morney leaned back against the cush-
ions and chuckled aloud. . ’
‘;‘l\'o,’’ he said; “I have not forgotten him at all. He  
is ,really the only dangerous obstacle to my plan. I don’t
know how well he knows Carmen Glenn, or how intimate
she may be with him, but I suspect that they are very
good friends, and that if the opportunity should offer, he‘
would discover the fraud at once; therefore he must
not be permitted to have that opportunity.”

“But how would you prevent it?” '

“If I were building a road through a forest and a free 5?
were in the way, I would cut it down,” he replied sen- '
tentiously. M ,5,

“‘You mean that you would put Nick Carter_ out of‘;
the way?” " ‘
I. “Yes.”

“How ?" up

Once again he drew the velvet case from his pockeﬁ
opened it, and revealed the jeweled stickpin it_ con:

      

      
       
       
    
 
 
 
    
  

  
     
   
  

tained. \ .
“With this," he said meaningly.
(6But_____:YD

   
  

“Hush l" be interrupted her. “One prick from 
pin and he would be removed forever from interferences
with our plans. Nobody would be the wiser. . .- u
ands would thank: me for the job, if they could knowf u»
I did it. Nick Carter isterribly in the way of 
men; just now he happens to he terribly in my way. I

       
  
 
 

    
  
  
  
 
 

     

 
 

  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

you are asking me to condone a--murder,” she whi's«
 1 hoarsely. « - — » .
“Listen to me,” he said, and he drew his face close
I ‘ ‘ : “There are murders and murders. There was
i ‘ 9 ‘by iwhiclr your own father met‘ his death. and for
‘ -7: you are still suspected; There are those who to
E y believe that you know more about that affair
 have ever cared to reveal. I do not -ask you
 know- I donor care.‘ I———-~”’
“Stop!” she exclaimed.‘ “You, at least, know that I
Ewno‘handinthat“.”‘  :- .
“It.makeo'no diﬂeraIce‘="vvhat I ‘Erma-,” "he replied,
taeeold ‘smile;¢“the fact remainpthat Icould «even
tlsily establish your guilt if ‘I slpuld elect to-do so."
:93"-I-5-."  H " _.§",. ' . m  H
7%, wait!  no time for talk, save for what I
htcll you, ahdtthit is ‘that-you fnust consent to
i».   If you do not consentyor if you
it hurrying out what I "shall direct, it will be the
iulyou." ' ‘ A . ' ‘ '
threaten me again?” she asked.
inay call it thatif you like. . I shall not try to
«ﬁnpf the murder of your father; you need not
l-But tlleri-I is ohe'th'iog¢that I will do, if you
‘BOO.-” , . t
 reply, andhe, continued: ,
A  poisoned sﬁclkpin within an inch of
Say ‘that you consent" to  prens,- or‘ I will
i  reply, ‘ She sat rigidly in her place by
Iﬁfo an onlooker -it would .' have appeared that
 terror; as a bird is fascinated by
S ta. serpent. " -  ’
 tdvltrd  ...yI;,Iis-«right hand grasped
’ left held .g_he._.suei;pin~ w,it_hin_,an inch of

 and in that moment

 A bet  beauty" as hehadneiver
..  it:agi‘ddee1yeeme,ee him
 “ r, all the wedtlve“!
i , jibe poaeeseioil Ldtthis

 

   

‘NEW ’ NICK1? CARTER WEEKLY. I 5

He snapped the velvet case together and dropped it
into his pocket, and then, before she realized what he
was doing he had seized her in his arms and pressed
her for one second in his embrace.

'[hen, as suddenly, he released her: and as he did so,
she leaped to her feet. her eyes ﬂashing, her cheeks
ﬂushed, her whole form quivering——and she struck him

with the flat of her hand upon the cheek. Struck him

so that the impact of the blow resounded through the
room, and with such force that, although he was in the
act of rising from the couch, he was knocked back again
upon it, more surprised than dazed, perhaps, but never-
theless overcome. And in that instant she turned and
fled through the doorway into the corridor, and thence
out; upon the street, where with one leap she placed
herself beside Chick in the automobile.

“Drive!” she exclaimed; and the engine not having
been stopped the big machine responded to Chick's touch
and started away just as De Morney leaped from the
doorway into the street. " ‘

He called to her to stop, but she did not turn her
head.

“Take me home,” she said to Chick, in a low voice. “I
am frightened. Tell .-Mr. Carter to come to me there
when he pleases.” »

.-Back in the Persian room Nick Carter had witnessed
the whole affair, and he had been as greatly surprised
and perhaps as much moved by the sudden act ot"Raoul
de Momey as had the countess herself.

He, too, had started to his feet, but the other had been
"so occupied as not to notice his momentary perturba-
tion; and when Clarice rushed from the room, followed
by De Morney, he went also.

On the steps in front of the hotel as the automobile
was starting away, he stood exactly behind the count,
and heheard him mutter, ‘after he had called to Clarice
in vain: ' ’

“Go! Go for the present, my wife, but, by all the gods
of'Ro‘man mythology, I'll have you for my own before
you are forty,—elght hours older!” ‘
"»‘~And*‘tl1’en, as quickly“ as he came outpof the hotel, he
reénterediit and, passing rapidly through the corridors,
he disappeared before the detective dared to follow him;
dared, because Niel: realized that in the disguise he then
wore, he would attract altogether too much attention if
he ‘should undertake to rush through the hotel to the
 detective rqretted that he had not brought some
one with him to follow the count in the event of his not
being ableyto doveoiin person; and with a shrug ofhia
 tumecltoward his own home, realizing t&

be  further actonthe part ottlli

others a . ~

 

 I :i!~'-it’.-.~.§;,
. ‘- 1

     

‘ “f6

I Chick told him how Clarice had leaped into the seat bei
side him and commanded him to start the machine in-
stantly; how she had been strangely silent and trem-
bling during the ride to Carmen's home, and how she
had left him with only a word of’thanks and with .the
uttering of the message for Nick, to come to her when
he would. A

It was yet early in the evening, so the detective de-in
cided to go at once, after ﬁrst apprising her of the fact
over the phone; and at half-past nine she received him

i in the library of the Glenn mansion.

i And he noticed that she was strangely silent; that she
kept her distance from him, and that she responded to
eyerything he said in a subdued tone that was strangely
unlike her.

She seemed still to be in a trouble of apprehension. .4-
“Come in," said said to him, when he stood in the

. library doorway. “I am alone. Miss Glenn has gone

out for the evening and will not return till late. It was

very good of you to come to me at once. I——I had to
talk with you to—night, Mr. Carter.”

"Yes?" he replied. “What has excited you so, Cla-
rice?”

_ She started; then she smiled; and she seemed by a

' great effort to try to appear quite natural. Instead of

replying to his question, she asked one.

.“Did you hear all that was said?” sheasked.
"Yes," he replied. ’‘
“I must go away again,” she said.
 once more.”

, p“Go away? Disappear?

Asked.

"Ii what I say, Mr. Carter. I ﬁnd that I have no

 w re that man is concerned. I fear him. I

dread him. I abhor him. There is a terror of him in

my soul which I cannot deﬁne, and which I cannot over-

 
     
  
      
   
    

“I must disap-

VVhat doyou mean?” he

  

  

  

 Were it not for the fact that the law says that I
'ani_his wife, it might not be so; but as it is-——”
 .“Well.? As it is-—what?” *

s  do not understand, and I cannot explain.
ﬂare! ~ What wasithat?” V ' «

s  she spoke, the door of the library opened and the
butler made his appearance. He bore a silver tray, upon
  was a card.’ i .

V iCIaric'e‘seemed to know instinctively the name that was
 upon that card, for she did not so much as
  at it. ,

 Glenn is not at home,” she said to the butler-;
  as she uttered the’ words a form appeared in
doorway behind the man. and'=.Raoul—Count De
 into the ‘room and stopped. ‘. ’

    
 

   
 

     -away from her, fo

'1 -5-" » U-

  

 

NEVV NICK CARTER \\-'El’.KLY.

.« 

 

   

i 5.-* .» - f  2"‘ .1-.~..

   

the library—table, the better to steady herself. The l)’.'t<i
ler had already bowed himself through the door and
closed it after him—and Nick Carter stood beside an,
easel near the door in such a position that the count had
not seen him, and did not yet know that a third person .
was in the room.

Nick nor Clarice ‘could not know then that De Momey T
had bribed the butler into conducting him straight to the 7
room where Clarice was; and now the detective stood
silently awaiting developments.

They came swiftly enough, and Nick did not feel that
he was called upon to interfere at once, or to make any
eﬁort to let his presence there be known to the count un-
til the latter should turn about and discover it; for the
detective was in no way concealed from view. He
merely stood where. the intruder had not seen him—-

‘could not see him unless he looked in that direction, -

which was directly behind him—and as the butler had
not thought to tell the unknown caller of the detective’s
presence, the fact was not suspected by the count.

In the interval of silence that followed upon the closing . 
of the door behind the butler—an interval of possibly ,-
two or three seconds—-the count and the countess'\re-
mained face to face, silently regarding each other.

Nick could see that De Morney was strangely excited,
as if he had not yet recovered from the effects of the
whirlwind of passion begotten by that sudden stolen em-
brace at the hotel; and Clarice still kept her hand upon
the; table to steady herself. Her face had grown strangely
white, as if she were in real terror; and Nick wondered
at this the more since she must have known that he would
stand as her protector, no matter what might happen.

But there are some things which women fear more _
than they do physical perils; and sClarice St. Cyr d_e pi '
Morney had discovered a secret of her own within the I
last two hours that ﬁlled her with sudden terror lest it
should be revealed to the one man of all others from
whom she would have concealed it—Nick Carter.

That hateful embrace of the man who was her hus-.  
band in name, bestowed upon her in the very presence 
and under the eyes of the one man in all the 
whom she would not have had see it, had brought the .
truth home to her with a suddenness and force that was,  ‘ii
overwhelming—and it had told her the truth of some-as
thing which she had not guessed until-nthat moment; she -5
was married to one man and she loved anothei; and that
other had seen her husband—in name only, to be sure,
but, nevertheless, her husband—that man whom she loved
had seen the husband whom she despised and hated dare‘
to offer her a caress. _ . ,

That- was why she had fled. That was why sheiwai
terrorized. That was why she was not herself whenthe
detective called upon her. ‘ , . S

She had discovered that she loved liim, an}: she
paralyzed wltluterror lest he should  out her y i

t
'1

 

 j:;.;: 

 
      
     
     

  
  
  

   
 

    
      
  
  
  

 
 
   
 
 
  

         
  

   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
    
    
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
  

’ ' CHAPTER VIII.
‘rm: nu-:NcHMAN’s TRAGIC FLIGHT.

was Clarice who spoke first, and her voice sounded
= ely. even to herself.

_i y are you here ?” she demanded of De Morney.
 did you dare to come here——to this house? How
 you dare?”

' ._-He laughed shortly, harshly, still, however, keeping

 “I would go through hell to ﬁnd you.”

‘She seemed studiously to avoid Nick Carter's eyes.
.'  might have looked directly, into them ..over the
 of the count; but she did not do so.

‘ “I have been a. fool!” said the count savagely, taking
 step nearer to her and pausing again, almost as if he
dared not approach nearer lest he should frighten her
 “I have been a fool not to know that you were the
woman in all the world. . I never did know it until
u I never saw your beauty before; or, if I saw
never realized it.”

aremained silent, but she‘ was trembling; and still
hesitated to interfere. He preferred to wait until
_ made some sign; or, at least. until there was some
overt act on the part of the count which should call for
his action. De Momey spoke again, )

fﬂhen I sent .my uncle to your father to ask your
 in marriage, it was your fortune that I wanted;
I i I had never seen at that time,” he said. “When I
‘' my court to you, in the presence of your chaperon, I
I y saw you at all.‘ I saw only a slip of a girl
5' from a convent. At the time of the wedding I was
here observant. You were merely a means to the

 -- -- of an end—nothing more.”

‘mud then——-?’’ she asked faintly: finding her voice

or  shortly-—i“I wanted all the for-
‘iltlatag you-see um I-am very frank with you,
.  any way; not even--——--’'
1!!!  again rather bitterly.
lanai"  “ rd him, her‘ h‘and‘still
 "_ 'shewae1un1ng' '.

   “that you confess to

of nya-‘aware?-‘ « ; r »
 raaeannkuszngouhe sort. I
Btifl would kill  now, and
 any man who dared to stand for
, ,  f ‘iﬁand me, Clarice. "See; I wrote
"““ 51 insert 31%: woman, didn’t I? I would not
.«ay.—ﬁnge'r~£or=a million like her, each a
 she, as compared with‘

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

' V , “I would do more  that to geﬁ toiyou, Clarice,” he _

I7

her in his embrace, and again he was in the act of
searching for her lips with his own when he was seized
from behind and whirled across the room. spinning like
a top, until he brought up against another table. clutch-
ing it to steady himself and to keep from falling.

Clarice had uttered one cry of fright when the count
seized her; and then, when he was hurled away from
her to the opposite side of the room, she staggered for-
ward into .\'ick Carter's arms and clung to him, half-
fainting from mingled terror and relief.

And so, for a moment. there was a tableau as Nick,
with his anns around Clarice, stood facing the man whom
the law said was her husband; the man who now seemed
entirely to have recovered his composure; who had drawn
himself erect, and who. while he deliberately rearranged
the setting of his coat-collar, was smiling wickedly upon
them, showing his white teeth after the manner of an
angry dog, and all the while calmly contemptuous of the
man who was arrayed against him.

“So,” he said, with a wicked double meaning, “my wife
seems to have a lover.”

In all the English language he could not have selected
words that would have cut Clarice so deeply as that sen-
tence did.

She saw in it only one meaning, for the innuendo made
no impression upon her. She saw only that this man
who was her husband had discovered the secret of her
love for Nick Carter, and that the terrible truth which
she would have hidden if she could, and which, in her
utter innocence, seemed a shame to her, had been re-
vealed to the detective thus brutally.

But Nick was equal to the emergency, if she was not.

He gave the count backismile for smile, and he replied
as deliberately: . .

“If you mean by that statement, sir, that you are the
Count De Morney, I have an idea that you are badly
wanted in Paris at this moment.”

The count shrugged his shoulders. Then, with studied
insolence, he asked:

“Who are you, pray?” ~

“I am Nick Carter; for the present, the protector of
this young lady,” was the calm reply.

“Oh. Indeed. I have heard lovers called by that name
in my own country”; and he showed his teeth a second
time in that wolﬁsh smile of his.

Clarice’s arms were still around Nick Carter’s neck and
he could not resent the remark as he would have liked
to do; but he slowly disengaged them and placed her
upon 3| chair that was near at hand.

Then, turning, he again faced the count, and he said
slowly:

“De Morney, I have never seen you-until now when
you did not wear some sort of disguise, but I know you
for an utter scoundrel. nevertheless. That you are a
criminalglao,_andevennowa£ugitiveftomjustiee,Ido

 

 

   
    

, not doubt. There is the door, Count De Morney. If you

 will take my advice you "will lose no time in passing
' through it and disappearong.”

The count laughed, as if he were greatly amused by

7 the implied threat. Then he shrugged his shoulders

again and laughed anew. ‘ '
“Upon my word,” he said, “you are a cool one.
are here as the acknowledged lover ”
“Stop, you scoundrel l” Nick interrupted him. “An-
other word like that, and I will not allow you the oppor-
tunity to go from here unmolested.”
He moved a step nearer to the count; and the latter,
with a quick move, pulled a revolver from one of his
pockets and pointed it at the detective.
.. “Stand where you are, Carter!” said the count coldly,
but with a world of meaning in his tones. “If you make
' so much as one little move, I will shoot you down with
as little compunction as I would kill a rat. Put your
_ hands over your head-—quick! I will kill you if you
' don't.” ' ' '
I Nick, as if he intended to obey the order literally,
slowly began to raise his hands, but to anybody who
‘knew the detective as we kncﬁv him, the act in itself-—as
he did it——would have been ‘ominous. '

pi 7-He raised them slowly in front of him without bend~
‘lag the elbows; that is, he raised them slowly from his
sides toward the. front until at last they pointed directly
at  count; but they did not stop there. They icon-
 to rise until they were both extended at full
_e._ogth directly over his head.

 is‘ known to all of Nick Carter’s friends that he
'alw'3y8~carrie's-—that‘is, when he is out on business-'~a
' ‘N  revolver of .32.caliber in each of the sleeves of ‘his
and that he can throw either of them into his hand
33 ttquidt downward movement of the arm, discharging
 t _ instant he grasps it, and, releasing it just as quickly,
aﬂow it to disappear again from whence it came; and so.
’ at he’ raised his arms thusslowly, he was merely
=   "to make use of this trick, in which he was very

 it was that no sooner were his arms in [there'-

 
 

You

 

 

  
  

  

  
 

   
   
  
 

hfclthrew,» his right arm down again Iwitho sudden
 Alex,-foal followed by a sharp report, and the bullet
‘   its way, struck the barrel of the pistol that
held-‘in his hand, knocking it aside, «and by the.
 ’, otitlias. well as thesurprlse, almost throwing the
 rlfotfhisefeet. ‘V  . _ _‘ . .
icki~ﬁmd,_»=and  . the pistohfrorn his
Jgapee forwlird, ii1tending~to seize hold or
‘   recoyerf from the
.'  « /ti: 7 .1 ..

   
  

  

   

 at which the count was smiling coldly,’

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. '

- had brought him to the door was waiting.

7 door, and

 the  M

 
  
 

9.

, .

It is true that Clarice had told the detective that 
Morney was wonderfully agile and strong, and that 
was reported to be an adept at all physical exercises! ,

But Nick did not think of these things at that momentff

He remembered only that De Morney had grossly in—_
gsulted Clarice in his presence and that his presence in the f
house was a menace to her. ~ .

But as he leaped forward, the Frenchman stooped to - _‘
receive him, resorting to a well-known French trick as 2
he did so. ’

It is a trick of usihg the feet in boxing, and Nick was ,-
therefore caught off his guard. The Frenchman stooped i ~*
as if he meant to grapple with his assailant, but insteadof i
doing so, he ‘quickly recovered hiniself, and, leaping
backward a step, he raised his right foot and managed‘
-to catch the detective squarely on the point of the elbow;

The effect of that blow, largely accidental, was para-
lyzing for an instant. It struck upon what is commonly.
called the “funny bone,” and a tingling sensation shot? 
through the detective which'for the moment had the effect[,' ‘ i
of paralyzing his activities; and then, in that insta'nt;l_ 
when Nick might have recovered himself and continuedj i
the attack, De Morney seized a lumpof polished onyx (if-
the size of his fist that was upon the table beside hi
and hurled it with all his strength at the detective. ‘

The missile ﬂew true to its aim. It caught the do,”-",.
tective fairly upon the top of his head, for he wasrat the
instant leaning rather forward, and it felled him to the
ﬂoor asvilf he had been hit with a club. 

Nor ;did the Frenchman pause when he delivered tho
blow.  . ’

Claripe had started to her feet and was standing 
clasped ‘hands watching the beginning of the combat; 
now the.Frenchman,' with a shout of exultation, cleatcdjé
the form of the pliostrate detective and seized Clarice
his arms. ’

Just as he did so, the door opened wide to admit
butler, who had heard the sound of the pistol-shot — A
bad rushed to the room to discover what had happermd, 

As he opened the door he ‘was 'within reach of -iv
Frenchman, who was holding. Clarice supported by A
left arm; and his right being free, he struck the‘ _
with his clenched fist squarely between the eyes, sen
him to the floor as if he had been shot. _ '

Then he started through the door, bearing’C1arice~w
him, and in a moment he had passed through theihail.
the; front door, had thrown that-. open, and wasps;
down the steps to‘ the street,.where the cartliage  ~ ‘

 

 
      
   

      
   
    
 
   
      
   

      
       
     
   
  
   
  
  
 

   
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
      
  
  
  
   
  
    

,b.'.

 

"."

  
  
      
    
  

  

- But‘ already Nick Carter had  it,‘
already. he was rushing through thefrqnt 
l ached the ,front steps ‘f ” "

   
  

  

“°(

     

   
    
   
  
     
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
     
       
    
     
       
    
      
  
   
      

\

1
an

. leaped inside himself and banged the door

«after him. ’

was a moment -\when it was‘ necessary for the de-

‘- to think and to act at the same instant.

 that Clarice was in terrible peril, and he

_  that if once De Morney escaped with her in his
 , there would‘ be no help for her, and nopfate in

for her save that one which she dreaded more than

"ﬂ.death itself.

,_ _ the detective both thought and acted the instant
  the threshold.

threw out his hand and ﬁred a second time; and

_p h he.was still som what dazed by the effects of

V,‘ be had received ﬁirom the onyx that had been

,._at him, he was still master of the ‘weapon he used.

ilnear horse of the two that drew the hack received

-dragged for a few feet, it is true, by this other
1, and the driver, thinking that he had been shot at
I  to the ground and ran up the street as if
pursued by a thousand devils.
‘ C same instant Nick saw the Frenchman throw
door of the hack and leap out; and he also
.  ran with all the speed he could command away
_  of the tragedy. »

t ‘id: did not even look toward the man as he
he saw that De Momey was alone; saw and
that Clarice had been left inside the hack; and

igfat once.
4  he peered» inside, expecting’th find her unin-
he  siiddenly back again with a shudder of

p’ olfyras there, but the jeweled snake-head of the
‘ 'ck,pin gleamed upon him from the ﬂesh of
‘ throat. ._

-‘  or was Moro:-Hoar.

 f’;  thrill of horror which
mental Blow? If you have you

  

   felt at that instant when ‘_
‘  frictionless‘ form of Clarice

   

 ,  she was -‘leaning liack
V  V  W apparently lifeless, with

  upon him exactly

'  serpent. ’

 had been jabbed into

  

.‘I6oked'as if. she had fallen

t .

  

 
 

directly behind the ear and it dropped dead in.

§ it  twoor three’ tiny spots '

‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. .

19

of his dead horse, which, fortunately for itself, had been
killed instantly; and which, if the truth be told, had been
such a dilapidated, sorrowful specimen of the horse—tribe
in life, that death in any form must have been something
of a mercy —and Chick had also appeared upon the scene,‘
for he had followed his chief from the house, and was
only a short block away when De Morney rushed from
the Glenn mansion. ,

And so it happened that as the detective looked in upon
the silent form of Clarice he became conscious that Chick
was at his side.

“Pay the driver for the horse, Chick,” he ordered
rapidly. “Pay him twice what the animal was worth.
Explain the affair to the police, if you can.” /

He had taken Clarice in his arms while he was talking,
and now, as he started with her to return to the house,
he was confronted by a person whom he knew well, and
one whom he was never in his life more glad to see-
Doctor Stag.

"What is the matter, Carter?” asked the doctor; and
Nick exclaimed in reply:

“"Come with me, doctor. Thank God, you ark here!”

So they got inside the house and closed the door be
fore even a.policeman appeared on the scene, and.a mo-

‘ ment later the physician was bending over Clarice in

the library, examining the wound she had received, from
which he had at once withdrawn the stick pin. 1.

Nick stood by him silently, for he remembered only
too well all that De .\lomey had said at the hotel about
the deadly qualities of the venomous weapon; and, be-
lieving what he had heard, he had no hope at all that
Clarice was not dead.

But after a moment the dpctor turned and looked up
at him with a smile on hisishrewd old face.

“It is-not so bad, after all, Nick,” he said. “'The young
lady will pull out all right." /

Nick was startled almost as greatly as he had been by

the discovery of what he had supposed to be a tragedy. “

“Do you mean that she is not dead?" he asked, sup-
pressing the excitement he felt.

“Dead? What gave you that idea? .Of course, she is
not dead. She is not even badly hurt.”

“Why, doctor! She——”
~.,_ “Wait. Let me ﬁnish. The wound is nothing more
than a sq-érnatch. ‘The shape of the pin has prevented it
from ent 'ng the throat as the villain who used it in-
tended it to do. See! She is coming around now. It

was only the shock of the attack that made her lose eon-t
sciousness; that and the sudden pain which comes with 5

the wound of any sharp-pointed instrument. We will

‘leave her entirely alone, and let her come‘ out of the faint

naturally. lt will be better for her that way."
“But, doctor, I had

u

with a deadly. poison,” insisted Nick.

 

been mid‘ that the rain was tipped 

.“You had. ehrweii, aiijt1ac:;‘:have got. to sq’ 

 
 

 

 .9» -

  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
 

3 the man who told you that lied to you; or, if there has
vever been poison on that pin, it has long since lost its
. potency.”

a “Thank God for that!
y _meant to kill her.”

“Oh, I have no doubt of that.”

By this time a good many people had collected outside
of the house, and there had been two peremptory rings
. at the door-bell; and now Nick left Clarice in the care
or , of thedoctor and hurried outside to attend to matters
; there. '

The man who used the pin

‘ : Clarice was quite herself again, and that she had ex-
perienced no more serious results than a deep scratch
, from the pin. .
Butwhen the detective would have talked with her the
. doctor interfered. -
if .‘fI have taken charge of this case for the present,” he
said, “and my orders must be imperative. They are that
Miss St. Cyr shall retire at once, and that if you two
# have any matters to talk over together, you must wait
 until morning to do it. Come along, Nick. Walk as far
:«as my house with me.” . a
They left Chick waiting outside the house to attend to
 matters in connection with the dead horse and
‘the police, and strolled along the street together; and
i the physician’s ﬁrst question was:
“Nick, who is the young lady who was hurt P” '
  told him, for Doctor Stag was one in whom the
ﬁetecﬁve placed entire conﬁdence. He told him the whole
’ :itf_n'yorfvClarice’s life, as he knew about it; and after that
they strode on in silence for a considerable distance.
Sheis a beautiful young woman, Nic ,” said the
1 presently. '
'Ycs;” absently.
Howgoid ‘is she?”
.‘f'1‘vére:zty.”
I‘-A‘nrI; that
say?” .

  
 

  
  

  

  

  
  

   

  
 
    

‘fellow who tried to kill her is her husband,

  

 a pity that somebody wouldn’t kill him, Carter.”
 gfillily. 5 ,
 ‘understand you to say, that,they parted almost
 altar?’ asked the doctor, _ I
 tbf is,  3 few moments  the cere-

  
 
  
  
   
   

T   discoveredthat he is
 wife, eh? Let Imevtell you one thing,
lﬁtisndt" in the .

  

 
 

 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ’ :\

,When he returned, half an hour later, he found that C

-“Four‘mon_ths ago Richard   _

  
  
 

“Haven't, eh? Well, it is just as well that you shoulgt
not have. How long have you been a widower, Nick P” .7, .

“What? Oh. About three years. Why?” ‘

“No matter. How long do you suppose it will be
before she becomes a widow?”

Nick did not appear to notice the signiﬁcance of the
two questions, but after a moment he replied sternly:

“Just as long as it takes me to prove that Raoul do
Morney is the murderer of her father?” ‘_

"You think you can prove that, do you ?” Q -~

“I haven’t a doubt of it." ' 1

“All right. Here I am in front of my door.
night.” .

The physician ran up the steps and without another
word disappeared into the house; and Nick continued on T
his way homeward, deep in thought. 1

He was recalling bit by bit ‘the memory of that other
time when he had been brought into contact with Raoul
de Morney, and in order to do so thoroughly he went
over the entire case again while he hurried onward. "

Juan Santillos, now awaiting death at Sing Sing;
distant cousin of Carmen Glenn and in love with her as
well as with her millions, had succeeded in abducting the
young heiress, after coolly murdering her invadid father;
Nick, in following up the case, had been brought into
contact with Miss Glenn’s maid, Clarice. ;

In physique and general appearance mistress and maid‘
were not unlike, and Nick had made up the latter so like
her mistress that she had succeeded as passing as Miss
Glenn in/the public dining-room at the Mammoth. _

And /there a party of Santillos’ friends had taken Cla~
rice a iay and ran with her to the river-front, to which
place Rick had pursued them at a late hour of the night
andlthere on the river-fronthe had succeeded in hailing‘
a passing motor-boat, which had taken him across the
river to Pavonia, where he had captured Santillos and his
confederates, rescued Carmen and Clarice, and returned
with the entire party to the New York side of the river,
in that same motor-boat. l  f. t

Nick remembered that at the time of the atfairihe 
decided in his own mind thatithe owner of the moral
boat was in some sort of shady business; that the g
had refused pay, but had said that some day he W":
ask a return favor of the detective. ' 3 p 

Andnow, Nick had recognized in Raoul .de:Mo
the man who had called himself .“Bill, ‘of ithe,M
boat.” And it turned out that Clarice was in”r1,ei'_'
French countess, and that Bill, of the Motor-boat," _
her hu‘sband_—-—and that he had recognized  on \'
occasion, ; “ ,  .1 *

“Truly, the world‘ is vperylsniall,”  told

.. 1., 1....‘ ‘.2.‘.-‘

Good Vi

 

    
       
     
     
  
     
  

   
  
    
  

   
  

   
   
      
    
     
      
  
      
     
   
  
    
  

    
  
   
  
   
    
  

 

   

M _ ch of his daughter’Carmen, whoiniheib "
   

   

 

  

  
   
   
  
    
  
     
 
   
    
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
    
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 

France—-Clarice appeared and became companion
Carmen——— But what is the use in going over all
y?» The thing for" me to do now is to track down
de Morney.” -
- ‘ following morning, as soon as it was practical to
~  he sought out the acting captain of the river and
 police, and, having taken him to one side, he
‘-« xhim: ~
 'do'you happen to know anything about a
yﬁatoiﬁhoat that sometimes plies about the harbor called
  . ':W” l
aStarh’ghtf,’ replied the captain interrogatively. “No;
A  seem to know the name. What about her P"
"little is such a boat,” said the detective, “although
  not be painted on her stem. In fact, I
a .  much if it is. Ieshould not be surprised, in-
if we (ind that the boat to which I refer has the
" changing her name at the will of her owner.”
 if you ‘can mean a boat that I have in mind
 us mightily,” replied the captain.

 thirty feet long; black hull; six or eight
t very fast; goes like the wind; runs very
I dq&’t remember a boat that runs as silently as
' ,'m.fact.” ‘

nun who owns ‘her, or contrpls her, calls himself
» ‘Bill, at the Motor-hoat.’ ”

I the chap 1” exclaimed the captain. “ ‘Bill, of
- -ss ’ He doesn't call himself that name; it
that the havegiven -him. What about
llensayaswelltellyou atonce thathe has



thing  we an lay
   that the man
 alonzthe
  ?..“'«’¢*'!- .:W¢ ha" new
I  oIf¢'ien]t_oj‘ overhaul and if
 issyes thing against him-—
‘whatahaut him. captain, and I will tell
1   !) {A

1 W.» p

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. . 21

my mind to ask you if you wouldn't help us nail that
fellow.”

“Good! It is six of one and half a dozen of the other.
We will make the first eﬁort this very night, and if he
appears in his craft we will at‘«least give him a run for
his money, eh, captain?"

“You bet your life we will 1” was the enthusiastic
reply.

CHAPTER X.
A MOTOR-BOAT MYSTERY.

“Do you know anything abount his ‘haunts ?" asked the
detective.

“He hasn't any. Nick. He appears here and then
there, like a'will—o"-the-wisp. He comes and goes like
a ﬂash, and there isn't a thing in the harbor that can
catch him, uniessi" '

“I was just about to say that I know one boat that
might catch him, if it ever took after him," said the
detective.

“So was I. I got as far as the word unless. There is
one boat, but she belongs to a rich man, and———”

“Do you mean the Loafer!”

“Yes.”

“She belongs to Cyril Graham.”

“Yes; and she is the fastest thing that ever ﬂoated.
But Mr. Graham would no more think of letting us make
use of her than he would think of giving her to the city
outright.”

_“He will lend her to me. He is a very good friend of
mine. I can get her without any trouble at all; the more
particularly now, as I happen to know that Cyril himself
is absorbed in the automobile races, and hasn’t any pres-
ent use for his boat.”

"Can you get her ?”

“I am sure of it.”

‘(Today ?’!

“Yes.”

“Then I'll tell you what we will do.”

“Well?”

“Yonandlwillpatroltheharborandtheriversin
her to-night together. Two of us will be enough for the
capture, for there is never more than two men in the
other boat. did you call her? The Starlight?”

"Yes. W will take Chick along with us. There is
room for six people in the Loafer, and it may happen
that we will have to bring some passengers home with
us. {There is only one thing in the way of our success.”

“What is that?”

“The fact that in all the rivers and harbor you do not
know where tp look for the Starlight.”

"I can tell you where she has been seen more often
than in any other locality, if that will be any help at all.”

“Never mind that now.” said the detective. rising.

 

“ueumehemuiourzuaarqerneonuadwewingoaut 

  

.7l2,0n¢=\,:i’._i§"“E?”.“

NE v'v" .NlL.'L.

  
  
    
    
    
   
   
    
  

together in the Loafer. I will bring'her around here.
. I will have Chick with me. After that, we will trust a
good deal to luck in being able to ﬁnd that other boat
A - before the night is over."
“All 
“It may be that we will have to spend a good many
‘ nights on the river before we run afoul of the other boat,
but we will ﬁnd her and capture her, too, before we give
it up; eh?”

“Shake on that, Nick.”

The detective had gone to his interview with the cap
tain in his automobile, and now, once a?in under the

 
 

steering wheel, he guided the big car to yril Graham’s
club, where he had no diﬁiculty whatever n securing the
: loan of the “fastest boat that floats.” '
2g After that was done he thought it high time that he
went to make some inquiries concerning Clarice, and
accordingly he guided his machine directly to the home
, of Carmen Glenn. '
jg “Is your mistress at home?” he asked the butler, who
 came to the door.

“No, sir. She has gone to your house, Mr. Carter.”

“To my house? Do you know what for?”

‘It’ is about Miss St. Cyr, sir-that is, about the
 countess, sir.” 

“So, you know about that, do you? Well, you may go
and tell the countess that I am here and that I would
like to see her.” ' .

“The countess, sir? Didn't you know?"

“Know what P‘ What are you talking about?”

“She has gone, sir.”

“Gonel Gone where?” . /

“We do not know, sir. We don’t know anything at
‘Vail about her. After all the excitement of last night she
‘went directly to her room; , but when, later, Miss Glenn
7 returned, Clarice—I should say the countess—had- dis-
; appeared.” ,_
‘ ' ppeired? Do you know how or when?” v
.- .“I know nothing at all about it, sir. She was not in
 her room, She was not in the house. Nobody in the
’ house had seﬁhergo out. Nobody in the house knew a
thing at all about her, sir. She was gone, and that was
all there was about it. She had taken a grip-along with
 and she had left a note for Miss lenn—-only I
 nothing about the note or its contents.- Miss Glenn
‘said nothing about it to me. All that I knob is that she

    

probably she took the note with her.” , ,

_ “What  did Miss Glenn return home lashnight?”

."Ahont midnight, sir.” I
itwas about ten when I left here?”

 Cyr inust~have

   
 
  

  
  

   

left the house between

    
  

 
 

 

‘M3 5°“ ‘° 3'0"" h°“3° “SW t0 See Y0“ 35°“ its and “lab ‘your letten. Then, this evening, come around here again:

a

 

ER WEEKLY.

“Yes, sir.”

“Where were you during that time?”

“I was engaged part of the time, sir, in the pantry, ~.
putting~——”

“That will do. Never mind. Some one is at the door.
See who it is.”,

It was Carmen Glenn who entered, having returned
from her fruitless call at the home of the detective; and
she uttered an exclamation of pleasure at sight of him
awaiting her just inside her own door.

“I am so glad that you are here, Mr. Carter,” she
said. “Read that”; and she put a folded letter into the 
detective’s hand. “There is another note at your house
from Clarice for you, but it is sealed and marked ‘Per-
sonal,’ so, of course, I have no idea what it contains.”

“Of course not,” said Nick, smiling; and he opened
the note that had been given him to read. It said:

“DEAR MISS GLENN! I ﬁnd that I must .go away.
There are so many reasons for this move on my part, all
of which are important to me, but not one of which would
seem of importance to you, that I will not stop now to
mention any of them. I have taken such few necessaries
as I will require. For other things of mine I will send
to you later. I know that you will forgive me for going, 
Carmen. ‘I may call you that now, may I not, since you ‘
know who I really am and know also how dearly I love
you? ' CLARICE.”

'1

“I suppose, Mr. Carter,” said Carmen, “that you know “Q
why she has gone?” 
“I suppose,” replied Nick, “that she has considered 
this move of hers the best means of escaping the persecu- 
tions of her husband.:’ . é
“Humph!” said Carmen, tossing her head contemp~ 

tuously. “She hasn’t gone away from here to escape '3»;
him.” ‘ l 
“No? Then why has she gone away at all?” 

  

“She has gone away to escape you !” " « 
“To escape from me! What in the world do you I '
mean ?”  V
“Men are so blind.” ,
“I confess that I am thoroughly so at this moment
Will you ,tell me what you mean?” .'
“No; I won't. If you don’t know it is high time that
you got a little sense into that head of yours.”
“Please———” V
“Not a word. Take my advice and go home and mad

    
       
  

  

  
    
       
  
 

   
     

  

and see me.” up
“I am afraid that I cannot do that this evening. TA.
morrow, perhaps-—--” ‘
“Vex-y.w'ell; come to-morrow—in the afternoon.- '7
don't want to see you again until after you havé
that letter from Clarice. Perhaps it may put some ‘S
into you." . . _ "  i
“You are  pleased to tail: in

   
   
   

   
  

  
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
   

5' said the detective; and he bowed himselfifrom

V had ‘referred-. * , ~_ A
he need not have hurried at all, for there were
: N lines across the page of ‘note paper; and there

“in it wisest to go. 1: is 'best; I know it. My most
p 7 request  you know is that you will make no
»to ﬁnd me. My one promise is that when the
’ has cleared somewhat I will cornmunicate
‘ I A ' ' CLARICE."
was standing with the enigrnatical note  
 ‘read it three times, when he was called to
‘ ‘ —to rccognizeithei voice of thecaptain of
and harbor‘ squad at the other end of the wire.
 you, Mr. Carter?” asked the acting captain.
. , ,, _

of my" men have just come in and they report
7 saw‘ the Starlight about an hour ‘ago. She was
 East River, and was justiopposite Wall-
» I‘ time they sighted her. I should say that she
 headed for somewhere along the Sound.”

ago wait that they saw the motor-boat?’’

‘ hour; not much more than that.”
 " ' '

«—i

.a;.

   
 
   
 
 
 
  
     
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

i, . Talk with the police at City
that shore,‘ at any place where you
. , Welhlwcl’. Get everybody that you can
lookout  that boat. Set everything in
f  gut‘ in motion. Do you under

. ‘ ‘

 an-hour. ~We
 Sound, {I
f§é‘8hie*t3o‘getat!InetI:e

NEvV~”N:IcK ~C:A’RTE.R WEEKLY.

as

“Be sure to have everybody who sees the boat report i
to you the numbr.:r of people who are aboard. I wish
particularly to know if a woman is seen. Good-by." .

The detective turned to Chick, who was at his elbow.

E-arice has thought it best to disappear,” he said. “I
u....9i't the slightest idea that she has fallen into the
hands of De Morney: but there is always the chance
that he might have been on the watch near the house
when she left it. But, anyhow, it is more than ever neces«

' sary now that De Horne)’ should be placed so that he

can do her no harm. Are you ready to accompany me?"
Chick was ready, and they left the house together at
once.

 

CHAPTER XI.
rm-2 CHASE THROUGH THE SOUND.

The Loafer,

Surely, that is a strange name for a motor-boat which
is said—and with good reason—to be “the fastest thing
that ﬂoats.”

When Nick and Chick sat side by side under the glass-
fronted hood and saw the foam curl away from her bows
and disappear astem of the craft with the swiftness of
light, they both experience that sense of exhilaration
which comes only to a man when he is conscious that he
is excelling.

The Loafer has a record speed of thirty miles an
hour, and her owner, Mr. Cecil Graham, was known to
claim that she could do much better than that; and Nick
did not doubt now that she could.

They found the captain awaiting them, and so they
merely slowed down for him to get aboard; imme-
diately turning the prow again up the river, and dashing
away toward Hell Gate at the speed of a railroad train.

,And the captain had several things to report as a result
of his experiences at telephoning: so that when the ‘de-
tective asked him if he had received any information, he
replied:

“’Thet.S_tar_light must have stopped somewhere along
the.'rivcr~frant, for ‘she had just been sighted, approach-
ing City Inland, when you arrived to take me with you."

“And her passengers ?" asked Nick.

 three now,” was the reply; “and one of

’ than is awoinan.”

“What 1" ‘exclaimed the detective. _
-  must have stopped for her somewhere along
th‘é"rotite,” continued the captain. “That is probably
what delayed the boat. There were three aboard of her
whetfshe was seen to pass Ward’s Island. I telephoned

i “ —. there, also.” '

 Areryou sure that one of the passengers

‘wuawoman?”' ' ‘-

"llnt  what I was told."
 it?“

"No&.;/i:  tin doctor at*Ward’s  .

   

    

‘me over the phone, said that the woman was probably
A frightened, or seasick, or something wa's the matter with

her.” .
’ “Why did he think that?”

“Well, he said she was lying back against the man who
was'beside her; that her head was on his shoulder, and
that she looked to him, through the glass, as if she was
ill.”

“Or unconscious,” muttered the detective.

“The doctor said that might be what was the matter.
She might have fainted, or something. He suggested
that I should telephone to City Island to have a tug put
out into the Sound and stop the boat.” '

“Did you do that?”

“Sure I did——but, all the same, it won’t do any good,
‘ Nick.” _

3; “You think, I suppose, that nothing can catch her?"

I" “Sure, don’t I know it? Ain’t I tried time and time
-—‘again to catch her? In my opinion, there is nothing
short of this very craft that is under us at this moment

 

better name—is a regular daredevil. He ain’t afraid oil

cut it in two before he would let himself he overhauled.”
“I have no doubt of that.”
H “And it's my opinion, too, that he is lighting out oi
this, for some reason or omen. I haven't any particular
reason for making that statement other than that I’ve got
a hunch that it is the truth. Who is the woman, Nick?
‘ .  you know?”
1 :‘I' don't know; but I suspect.”
' “His wife, maybe.”
“That is what I fear,” replied the detective.
“What you fear? Why do you fear that?"

— “Because she disappeared from her home late last
night. Q She meant to run away from all of her friends.
 She wduld doubtless have endeavored to take a steamer

 for Europe this ygry day, and if she did that, he mi ht
i havsencountered her on the street. If he did that, ‘she
has fallen into his hands, and he has taken her away with
“Well, great Scott! Hasn't a man got a right to take
 Own married wife away with him? If he hasn’t, who

his? Huh?” , v .
; “Question!” said Nick, laughing. “The story is much
Rb long _to attempt totell it now.” , l , V
r ‘A man  in a motor-boat with his own wife!

 is‘: new one onume, Nick.” , p
I  Loafer glided through the water Nick gave
4 puuledvcaptain an  ofthe story of Clarice;

     .

  
    
   
  
    

  
 

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY:

’ » that can come withih a mile of overhauling her; and the /
fellow that drives her——Bill, we call him, for want of ad

anything. I think he would run a small boat down and.

If we catch her before dark we will be lucky.” -l 5

in,scx«..is  IflweiIl!n;*¢3.*¢l1 ‘

  
 

 

Fortunately, they found Hell Gate clear of vessels, and ‘
they passed through it at full speed; and at last they
drew up and came to a stop at City Island.

The captain had instructed the officers there to be on
the watch for him, and so they had not long to wait for
the information they were after. ‘-

It was to the effect that the Starliglzfhad been seen to“.
pass there an hour or more in advance of them, and that
only two men had been noticed aboard of her, although i
it was the opinion of the oﬂicer that a third person had
been lying at full length at the bottom of the cockpit.

With this information, supplemented by the statement 
that the Starlight had headed as if she meant to pass
directly through the Sound, they sped onward again, the
Loafer put at her best clip, and so dashing through the
water at a rate of speed which Nick believed would soon
bring the Starlight within theirprange of vision. a 

Fortunately, the day was a clear one, and the surface 
of the Soundwas as smooth as it ever is, so they were
enabled to see a long distance ahead of them.

They passed the Norwalk Islands: they raised Bridge‘-
port in the distance: they passed Stratford Point, and
then, later, just when they were off New Haven~and the
day had now arrived 'at afternoon—they discovered a
speck on the water far in advance of them which not one
of them had any doubt at all was made by the Starlight-

Then it was that the detective thought to search
through the lockers of the Loafer for a glass, and 
found an excellent one. ,.

With that he had no difficulty in making out the craft
they were pursuing; and he could also see that three per-
sons were seated in the cockpit—two men and a wotnaq.’

“We are overhauling her,” said the police captain 
citedly. “We are traveling two feet to her one.”

“Not quite that,” replied Nick; “but we are making'—
three to her two easily enough. It will be a long ‘chase.

 

   
    
        
     

       
     
      
  
  

   
  
    
      
  

   
  

   
 

    

 
  

“There is always the hope that her engines may give,
out,” suggested the captain.  *

“Or the fear that ours may do so,” said Chick quietl
who overheard the remark. , ,

A stern chase is a long chase. That is a proverbiﬁi‘
statement, and this occasion proved it well, for “>14
they were all the time conscious that they were ;.-u H
rapidly, it was still’ trying to notice how slowly they 
overhaul the ﬂeeing motor-boat. ‘

From New Haven to Oyster Pond _Point——the - n u
arm of land which forms Gardiner’s Bay—-is a c‘
of approximately thirty-ﬁve miles. Just oﬁ the --l
Plum Island, and beyond it, somewhat farther  
water, is Gull Island. ’ : , _ V T _  *

Whﬂixtht Starlight dashed ﬂlmugh the “
water   ’ I
 % mile  oﬁit‘ A

    
         
  

      
    
  
 
 
 

   
  
      
     
  

  
  
 
   
   
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
    
   
    
 

-x , it occurred to the occupants of the ﬂeeing
that they were pursued.

llﬂcould not be entirely certain of that. A
But when the Starlight glided through the space be-
tween the islands—for it was Clarice, as the sequel proved
was the one who turned and discovered the pursuing
Nick happened to have the lenses of his glass aimed at
her at the moment, and he saw her bend forward and say
iomethingto the count at the wheel; he saw the French
than nod his head without turning it, and then he saw
Gatice pick up a glass and aim it toward them. '
He watched her. He saw her start. -Then she leaped
 her feet, apparently in great excitement, and the
' . shelhad used fell into the water with a splash and
x . .». A. in the depths of the Sound.
Clariceiqnatched the veil from her hat and waved
ﬁnmically toivard Nick,~as if the glass she had used
revealed his identity to her.
ﬂuid set the Starlight to rocking; it shot her for a‘
 out of her course by careeninggher to‘one
it made the count turn angrily upon her.
also heard the splash and saw the loss of his binoc-
tnd then Nick saw him seize upon ‘Clarice and
he!’ quickly down into the cockpit. '
M’  the Frenchman struck her, but he was
pertain of that; allithat he really knew was that
 not“rise to her‘ place again; that the man
with De Momey in the boat took the wheel, and
count searched in a locker, and presently
 I second pair of binoculars, which he
once   boat. ° ,
that these glasses were quite as good
 . were lost, for Nick, who still
i ‘aeethat the eounrhad recognized

him carefully "¢P13ce ‘the’ glasses in
'  had hken them. and then
V   it was, he did 
~,§_-  to discover. , ~ =
V ;'ﬁps—h m:i0£'Ii1f¢WlﬂlOmﬂltS. and then the
~ ierietgiiflhis  boat, facing toward the
 with marked deliberation,
' ”  and took'ca.reful aim
*,‘ t; ,,z ‘i .s‘i{ ‘L ‘
» V 1 glass at the muzzle
you? If you have§ you will
  thatgicomes to
r  uncomfortably close
if '.  from your

NEW "NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

25

position, for the put? of hazenthat comes from the
smokeless cartridge, and the report which follows almost
directly upon it.

“Duck!" said Nick to his friends in the boat. “He is

_ going to shoot, and we are within range." He. himself,

never moved; and he could not have told why, either.

Then came the puff of haze; and an instant later
Nick's hat raised gently from the top of his head, and
fell into the water astern of their craft; and at the same
instant the report of the weapon came to him.

“That was a close call,” he muttered. “That French—
man is a good shot with his riﬂe, captain.

"Did the bullet do that?” asked the officer.

“Yes. And here comes another. Evidently he has
got a magazine riﬂe.”

“Duck, yourself, then !” cried the captain.

“It is too late now,” replied Nick. as the whine of a
bullet sounded in the air close to his right ear.

A third shot followed the other two: and then a
fourth. One of them chipped a piece from the slender
ﬂag-staff directly in front of Nick. and then glanced
harmlessly away, and the other one clipped a sixteenth
of an inch from the ear of the captain, causing him to
cry out, in the-belief that he was shot.

And then there were no more shots for a time, for
the Starlight disappeared for the moment past Plum
Island.

“He’ll use that gun again the minute he gets a chance
to do so," said the captain. "I wish we had one here.
"What are you going to do now, Nick?”

"I'll show you in a moment," replied the detective.
“There is only one thing to do, and that is to catch that
Frenchman, no matter how many riﬂes or cartridges he
happens to have with him-and catch him we will, too!"

 

CHAPTER XII
RUNNING nowN AN ENEMY.

\Vhen they rounded Plum Island. and turned the prow
of the Loafer so that it pointed almost directly south,
Gardiner-’s Island loomed directly ahead of them, not
very far distant; but to Nick Carter's utter astonishment.‘
the Starlight was nowhere to be seen.

But even as he looked in amazement for signs of the
other craft, she darted into view again from behind the
point of the island near them, and the police captain
uttered a cry of pain as a bullet from the same riﬂe peneo
trated the ﬂeshy part of his left arm.

A second bullet tore after the first one, and Nick's
hat showed a hole through the brim. He had pulled the

'hatt'ghtly downontheback of hishead,sothatthe

force of the bullet had not dislodged ‘t.

A third cut through Nick’: coat, between his arm and
his side. and a fourth knocked away one of the spokes
of the wheel he held in his grasp.

 

 NEW NICK CARTER .WEEKLlY.i

   
  
  

.i He had just righted the wheel to the center, after
{holding it hard over, in order to turn the boat so. that
it headed "directly for the Starlight, when a ﬁfth and
A sixth bullet came pat-pat, one after the other, the former

_. ‘cutting the wire-cord of the steering-gear squarely oﬂ'.
' The Loafer was, however, a twin-screw propeler, and,
VA moreover, her rudder was set exactly at the center when
A »/the cord was cut, and so did not deviate a hair’s breadth
i_ from her course, nc/itwithstanding the fact that her, steer-
"  ‘sing-gear was suddenly out of commission.

  
 
 
 
     
    
     
     
     

Butvthere was no telling how long she would hold to
ii’ her course. The least swell of the water might change
‘jthe rudder, and send the boat oﬁ at a tangent _in any
a direction save that in which the detective desired her
" 3&0 30- V

_ Although the steering-cord was cut, it was in plain
 for it was arranged along bearing under the rail
on either side of the craft. '

Instantly Nick leaped back into the after-part of the
léockpit,1and‘4seizcd the cords in his graspat either, side,

  

 
    
      
      
   
    
     
  
 

 with the riﬂe, in order to guide the boat, and thus
he  himself as a fair target for the bullets, he
did"not hesitate. . . . ‘

‘Get down!" he ordered the others sternly, and they
 obeyed him; Chick," because he knew ‘that Nick
 what he said, and the captain because he was

  
   

  

" harshly not to use the revolver he had drawn, with
 to return theﬁre." “ V ' I

 was inuniiient danger that Clarice would be
lit: i£’tl1eAﬁresh'ould‘be returned. ’ ’~

3» Loafer was headed directly toward the Starlight,
uiﬁch was attempting to  their bows,'Afo‘r in run-
  ciie  evidently with the
 oflanding, DejMorney had found himself in a
e: sac,‘ from‘ which he was now endeavoring to

  

 §eee:iug_.e’erde_.i£i his l'la,nt‘l8,i_‘_the
s°==n=d'1=’a sharmeci Ii ¥inde,e.d." "
  bullet after

4

 

,, carrying away another spoke of the wheel, and the latter -

and, although he now had to stand in full view of the’

V  -wounded, and, moreover, because ‘Nick ordered

    followed,  i 

    291',

   
    

And then the magazine of the riﬂe that De Morney
was using became empty; the ﬁring ceased; and Nltkgi
who was now within two hundred feet of the other 
saw the count throw the riﬂe savagely from him, and‘

   
    
  
  

    
      
    
  

draw a revolver from the pocket of his coat. _ L

Nick Carter, with his own‘ unerriqg marksmanship?‘ H
might easily have shot the Frenchman then with no
danger of hitting Clarice, but it had suddenly dawned
upon him that he did not wish to be the man who should
kill her husband, although he deserved death a thousand
times over.

  

But two hundred feet of distance. is quickly covered liy, ‘
a boat that can get through the waterat better than thirty»
miles an hour, and even as Raoul de Morney drew the’
‘revolver, and made ready to use it, he saw plainlyitha
it was Nick Carter’s intention to run him down.

  

   
    
    
       

Already it was almost too late to avoid the cams‘
. and he fired his revolver wildly in his haste to turn 
give an order to his man companion. f‘

  

4 The bullet went-——Nick did not know where.

v

icount turned as he ﬁred, and attempted to seize
lwheél from the grasp of his companion—and as-he
‘so, somebody inside his own boat seized‘ him. aroi%a7
the legs and tripped him, so that he fell sprawlinglin,
iheibottom of the cockpit of his own boat. '

.- It was Clarice ‘who did this; and when thew
realized who had thrown him down, he struck“
savagely with -his ﬁst; struck her on the temple, so
she, too, fell, and not to rise, for the blowhade _
her senseless. , .V . . i . 
' And then, as the Loafer hit the Starlight faitl 
ships,‘the count leaped to his feet again; 
wildly, almost into ‘the face of the detective.‘ ' s

   
   
        
  
     
         
     
  
 
   
 

    
  

through the air toward him, ‘and hit l1im'‘‘on ,
just before he pulled «the trigger; and the ioree
blow not only knocked him down again,’bnt if i '
his aim, so that this bullet ‘went ‘wild, as
predecessor. "Nick had ‘dropped the
had ‘hurled ‘Cyril Graham’s marine,glas§§§ 
manfss heads = e L  ‘f-;j,,
.. And then caniethe crashioi the 
A ,'riie.~i:,npaet was iiighgiis1,>£ox 
‘~Cl'3’ft:1nust.l>ei.<;0risidere¢ri,,  ,

    
 
 
    
  

i. 

   

     
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  

she wa turned half-over, so that the water
in over the! top of the cockpit, on the starboard
 ‘the same time that it rushed into it through
M,"-- u that had been made in her side.
up count, who had been knocked a second time off
A, by the blow from the marine glasses that Nick
at him, was whirled out of the boat into the water
I force of the collision; his companion ‘leaped into

1  escape; and Clarihe, still unconscious from the
:—_of _ Morney’s ﬁst, would have gone down with
 motor-boat, had it not been for Nick Carter.

.the engine. Then, as, the impact came, he
Chick to stop her again, and, while he was

 sprang forward.

Iof otlyr boat, and, seizing Clarice in
, leaped with her into the water, free from

to describe the incidents of the scene, one
C  tint a correct idea may be had of them.

ﬁg:-chambers to keep her aﬂoat, no matter

 to‘13_cr. _ .
 now, ‘although a total wreck, the
I  Gardiner’s Bay, toward the

. ‘xv ' x '
~,  of the,‘ water, with
 cold plunge had
 j“ey'e‘e-weee wide open; he:also

   
   

 that the Captaiilp
 the La er

  
      

 

    

 his eyes in perfect ‘
., , T ,

I

u _% NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 27 _ "f:

he could not hope to escape from it, even if he did
succeed in reaching the shore.

Then he assisted Clarice aboard of the Loafer, while
the captain balanced the delicately modeled craft at the
opposite side; and, having climbed aboard himself, he
first turned his eyes toward Chick and the man he was

fﬁursuing, and just in time to see the the two grapple
with each other on the shingly beach of Plum Island.

In vain he looked everywhere, on all sides of him, for
signs of Raoul de Morney.

The French count was nowhere to be seen. He had
disappeared utterly, and, with a shudder——for Nick had
neither intended, nor wished to be, the death of the man
—the detective decided that he had somehow gone down
with part of the wreckage of the motor-boat, that was
now destroyed for what was left of it was now ﬂoating
away toward Gardiner’s Island, bottom up.

I “Where is the count?
asked of the captain.

“Not a sign of him since he pitched overboard, after
you hit him with the glasses,” replied the oﬂicer.

And they found no sign of him, or ‘of his body, either,

Have you seen him" Nick

I although they remained in the locaity until after the

sun had gone down, and there was no‘ longer any possi-
bility of ﬁnding him. ‘

In the meantime, Nick repaired the steering-gear of
the Loafer, and they also ran in toward the shore, close
enough to receive Chick and his prisoner on board; and,
the moment this man stood before Clarice, she cried out
to Nick:

“That is the man who visited me when I was in
prison. That is Henri 'de la Pierre, and he has been
Raoul de Morncy’s companion in all his villainies." « '

And, later, after they had given up the search for De
Morney—=-when they had decided that he had gone to
the bottom of the bay in a tangle with some of the
wreckage of the Starlight, and had headed the Loafer
toward’the harbor of Greenport, behind the point where
Nick‘ intended to ﬁnd accommodation for his party for
the night, ,and to secure dry clothing for Clarice—she

boat at all.

?‘When, I left Miss Glenn’s hpuse last night,” she. I

said, “I went to pass the night with a friend, whom. I

knew before I ever saw Miss Glenn at all. It was my}

irltentiontosailforliuglaiid to-day,onthe_BaIta‘c. Ihad
beento the booking-oiﬁee, and had "secured my passage,“

    

 

told him how it happened that she .was on the motors 

 
  
 

     
 

42.5,...

:7

 

 

  

 

 

4 saw the deed done; but I had no hand in it.

“He seized me. 'He called to a policeman, who was
near at hand, to help him, and he succeeded in con-
vincing the oﬂicer that I was demented. I could not
deny that I was his wife, and the result was that I was
persuaded to enter a carriage. _

“I don’t remember much after that, save that he seized
me, and, I think, chloroformed me. The next I knew,
we _were aboard that boat, out on the river, and I was
sick and faint.

“But one thing I will tell you,” she added, after a

pause. “The mystery concerning the murder of my

_ father is solved. Raoul de Morney confessed to me that
f be committed the deed, and. what is more, that man,

Henri de la Pierre, stood just outside the window and
saw it done.”

“It is true,” admitted the captured Frenchman. “I
I admit

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

that.
science has not been squeamish about other things. I will

I never approved of murder. although my con-

tell you all the story of our career here. later, Mr. Carter,
for Raoul and I have committed nearly all the shore

robberies you have heard about. I’ll take my medicine, ‘ ‘

and be glad to do it, since it rids me forever of Raoul
de Morney.”

The next day Nick, with others, returned to the scene '

of the wreck, and every eﬁort was‘ made to ﬁnd the
body of the French count, without success; and when
at last the efforts were abandoned, Nick Carter’s only
comment was: I

“I wish, with all my heart, that I was positive of his
death.”

l THE END.

The next number, No. 528. will be “Clarice, tTi‘€._
that I am an accessory after the fact; but no more than ' Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter's Titled Assistant.” 

:-

ABOUT THE EARLY
NUMBERS OF THE

Frank’: ndventnrea. tnevery

(led to send n ﬁne com
out stamp to cover postage.

MEDAL. LIBRARY
AT io'c8N1's

ig<>—Fran: i\r[erriwell's Eﬁhooldnys.

1 7-Fr .\l ' ' ll's s.
I78—Fl':IIk .\I¢e:I'?ii:r:ll’s Fog.“
lg4°:Il'::r:Ink I\‘lerri\\'ell's Trip \\’est.

1 :v.kXlr"llD Sth.
.93.rI..'Ii. M:r:iii':ll’s §”!£cr‘y’."
I97-Frank Merriwell's Hunting Tour.
2o1—II::ranl; Ilgerriwglll ii: ‘Egui-ope.
205-— ran ernw a a e.
209-—Frank Merriwell's Sports Aﬁeld.
2:3-—-Frank Merriwell’s Races.
217-—Frank .\Ierriwell’s Bicyde Tour.
z25—Frank Merriwell's Courage.

, 229-—-Frank Merriwell:s Daring.
2”°£'::::  straw
a37—— r ernw ‘e i .
24o—Frank Merriwell’s Champions.
244-—II;rnn: l¢errjwell]l's Isteturn to Yale.
247- ran .« ernwe 's ecret.
25:-gran}: §Iﬁerr§weIl's Danger.

2' rank rriwelh lty.
2 Frank Merriwell in amp.
152-Frank Merriwell's Vacation.
267-—Frank Merriwell’s Cruise.

,_z7r--Frank Merriwelrs Chase. -_

Frank Merriwell in Maine.
Frank Merriweifs S e.
£4--Frank M¢rriwell's First ob.

. ﬁ——Frank Men-iwell’s Opportunity.

i  1:

   

 

_—.r-~ ".:‘
8 receive hundreds of letters every week from readers Asking if we can supp the early nﬁibers of Tip Top containing
(0 one we are obliged to repiythut numbers 1 to 3;)
to call the attention of our reader: to the fact that the Frank Merriwell Stories now bein
lednl Library are inclusive of these only numbers. Theﬂret book to appear was No. laoentitled ‘Frank Men-iwe1l'e Schooldn

We give herewith n eoiplete list of all stories that have been published in book form up to the time
etc catalogue of the Medal Library which is just filled with good things for boys. upon receipt of a one-

e'r’.m. _ eaten.-i_~ 132,, ,.g..ous;.,,»trs. as aw, 

IWEEKLYE

rint. We would like
publishe '

in book form in the
. (‘IQ
of writing. We vnl be

MEDAL LIBRARY
‘ ATJO OBNTS '
292-Frank Merriwell’s Hard Luck.

3oo—Frank Merriwell on the Road. ,
304,-—Frank Merriwell's Own Company. .
3o8—F rank Merriwell's Fame. ' ‘v ‘
3i2~—Fr:mk Merriwell‘s College Chums.
3i6—Franl< Merriwell's Problem.
32o~—Frank l\lerriwel1's Fortune. ‘
324-—Frank Merriwell's New Comedian.
328—Frank .\'lerriwell's Prosperity.
332—Frank Merriwell's Stage Hit.
336—Frank Merriwell's Great Scheme-’
340-—Frank Merriwell in England,
344-Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards.
348-Frank Merriwell's Duel. ‘ .
352--Frank Merriwell‘s Double Shot. ~ ‘ .
356—Frank Mei-riwell’s Baseball Victories. ,
359-Frank Merriwell's Conﬁdence.
36a——Frnnk l\Ierriwell’s Auto.
365-Frank Merriwell’s Fun.
368—Frank Merriwell's Generosity.
37i—Frank Merriwell's Tricks. - ' ‘, x _,
374-—Frank Merriwell's Temptation. ‘
377—Frank Merriwell on Top.
A1‘ ll CENTS. (Increased use
38o—Fi-nnk Merriwell’s Luck.
., 383—Frank Merriwel1’s Mascot. , ~
A 386-Frank Merriwellis‘ Reward. -
389—Frank Merriwell's P/hantorn.  

I

 

 

  
            
   
   
     
      
      
   
   
     
    
    
     
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
     
     
         
      
    
  

296-1’-‘rank Merriwell's Protégé. -4 I‘.

    

he Nick Carter Weekly

ISSUED EVERY SATURDAY.

ence with all kinds of criminals.

HANDSOM EST COLORED COVERS

No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
esting. Nick Carter has been all over the work! and has had experi-

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
to cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up——he does not need it
-——he uses his wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

newsdealer.

J. PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by‘ all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

_. In:
5* ' HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:
5o5——The Man of Many Faces; or, Nick Carter Behind 521-—The i\l_vsterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Com-
the Scenes. plex Case.
5o6——A Letter From the Dead; or, Nick Carter’s Proud- 522——The White Arm of a Woman: or. Nick Carters
est Moment. 4 Desperate Chase.

507-Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick
Carter's Amazing Experiment.
508--The Gentleman Crook’s Last Act; or, Nick Carter
.1; . and the Haunted House. ,
4‘ 5o9—The "Skidoo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘.-.
 Great Train Robbery Case.
 510--The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter
Stopped the “Cannon—ball.”
. 511-—Nick Carter’s Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the
- Green Automobile.
« 512--—A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’s Fight for Life.
H » 513--A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter's Fight
With a Fiend.
514-Codman the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter's Strangest
nence.
 515-—The Plot of the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Hair-
" 516-—TIIeHL£lechanica1 Giant; or, Ten-Ichi Plays a Lone
, cl.
T4517-—D0ris, the Unknown; 01', Nick Carter’s Blindfold

_ i5_I3--A  Woman; 01', Nick Carter Faces a
nus

glig-élladge Morley’s Ghost; or, Nick Carter's Des-
? » perate F’ ht. ‘

  Automobi e Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Blood-
hound on the Scent. -

 

 
  
 
 
 
  
     
  
 

523—The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Cant-r's Con-
quest of a Castle.

52_a,—The Plot of the Baron: or, Nick Carter's Telling
Strategy.

525-—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter's Perfect Disguise.

52(>——A Double .\lystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong—hand
Plav.

527-Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter's Motor-
boat Chase.

528--Clarice. the \Voman Detective; or, Nick Carter’s

_ Titled Assistant.

529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden Cit)‘.

530-—An Amazonian Queen: or, Nick Carter Becomes a.
Gladiator.

531-.-X Blackmailer's Paradise: or, Nick Carter Dis-
covers the Hidden Hand.

532-Gipsy Madge, the Blackmailer; or. Nick Carter's
First-class Bluff.

533—Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter’s Day
of Blunders.

534—Ida_vah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s,
Fourfold Problem.

5i35-—The Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces His
Greatest Mystery.

 Byosvautanybihknombersofwrlibradamdeanmt procuretliemfrom youroewsdealemthcy
 Poetagestampetakentheurneunaooey.

A & JSMIIII. Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue, "NEW YORK CITY.

   

ISSUED EVERY TU ESDAY.

[:7

 

BUFFALO Blll STORIES

 

BEAUTIFUL couonao COVERS  i

 Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
 one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure 
on the wide prairies of the West. 
Boys, if you want tales of the West that are

drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY-

For sale by all newsdsalers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps‘

   
     
   

 

HERE ARE THE

27&——Buﬂ'alo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Mahoe.

279»—-Buﬁalo Bill's Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
up in Hidden Valley.

28o——-Buffalo Bill’s Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble
Pricking.

28I-Buffalo Bill's Traitor Guide; or,i The Vengeance
of Alkali Pete. ,

282---Buﬁalo Bill's ‘Camp-ﬁres; or, .The Bad Man of
Snake River Crossing. ,

383--Buffalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee 1-‘aker of
the Bitter Root.

284-T-—Buf(f3alo Bill's‘ Secret Foe; or, The Wizard of Windy

ulch.

£5--Buffalo Bill's Master-stroke; or. The Specter of

T Death Valley.

Q86-Buﬁalo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton

« ; ' John, the Half-breed.

T937---Buﬁalo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone

-s- Star Outlaws.

388--Buffalo Bill's Dance of Death; or, The Night

_ ~‘ Hawks of Snake River. “ «

D389--Buﬁalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The

r ’ Black Spider of the Shoshones.

:90--Buﬁ'alo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or, The Wan-

> ~ dering Jew of the Plains. _

3--_-Buffalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The

“ Redskin Rovers. .

m9—,—Buﬁaio ill’s ‘Medicine-lodg; or, The White

  cc tofthe Kickapoos.
T ’_' ale Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons of
i “the Niobrmh. ’

  

   

  
   
    
 
  

  
 

   

_2g7——Buffalo Bill's Border Ruﬁians;

If  want any back‘ numbers’ of our libraries and cannot procure them 
they.  obtained  this Zoﬁice direct. Postage stamps taken the same  

   

Q!

    

  

LATEST TITLES:

294———Buffalo Bill's Strange Paul; or, \\='olfer Joe 
the \\’ar—path. _ , ’
295-—--Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or. The \\"ors’hip;
of the Phantom Flmx't:r. _ A‘
296—Buffalo Bill in No Man's Land; or, The Sky-zitirei
ror of the Panhamllc. T ~

         
       

        
  

or, The Desperate

  

. Game of Panther Pete.
298—Buffalo Bill's Black Eagles; or, The Snake-inastesf.
from Timhuctoo. x
29«)-I3uft'alo Bill's Desperate Dozen: or, The Raidersof
Round-Robin Ranch. 
3oo—Buﬁalo Bi1l’s Rival; or. The Scalp-hunter afttse
Niobrarali. ‘
3o1——Iluﬂ~’alo Bill's Ice Chase; or. The Trail of the Black
Rifle. s ‘
3o2—-—~Buﬁ'alo Bill and the Roy Bugler: or, The V\’l1it;£;;-
Flower of Fetterman Prairie. 7
3o3——Buffalo Bill and the White Specter; or. The Mys-
terious Medicine—man of Spirit Lake. 
3o4——Buﬁalo Bill's Death Defiance; or, The Bad Men of
Timber Bar. " V
3o5~—Buf¥alo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
of Wolf River Canon. E7
306-Buﬂ’alo Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane,
Cinnabar. >
307-—BuffaIo Bill’s Wild Range Riders; or, The V
ance of Crazy Snake. ”
3o8——Buﬁalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or,‘Tl1c M >
Catchers of Bitter Water. Q
309--Buffalo Bill’s Red Retribution; or, The Raid 
’ Dancing Deryishes. ’ s ~  ’

    

   
         
  

 
  
    
   

   
    
     
    
 
 

   
    
      
    
 
      
   
  

   

  

SHE R0llGﬂtllll)ER WEEKLY

' W ISSUED EVERY MONDAY.

I-IANDSOME COLORED coves

interest.
andhe upholds the title.

  

Ted Strong wants to make your acquaintance, boys, and we are
E ~convir'1ced that you will be proud to have him as a friend. The
 tales of his adventures‘ among the cowboys are full of fascinating
He is known to every one as “King of the Wild West"

PR|CEiFlVE cams PER COPY

For saloby all nevudealers, or sent, postpaid, by the publisher: upon receipt of price In money or postage stamps

 
   
  
      
 
   
  
     
    
 

_—_
-

126- ‘ ' of the Wild West's strategy; or, Stella’s
’~ . rick Pony.
27--King of the VVild VVest’s Tangled Trail; or, The
r‘ Disappearance of Stella.
'j28—Kin of the VVild VVest’s Long Ride: or. Stella
East on the Red Mesa.

f12s9;—-Kin1g)aof the Wild West’s Phantom: or, Stella in
nger.

  

  

     
   
  
 

30- ' of the Wild West’s Broncho—busters; or,
gJ31- ' of the Wild West’s Corral; or,.How Stella

rought the \Varning.

. _ Stella’s Surprise Party.
 of the Wild West’s Night VVrangler; or,
 ' of the Wild West’s Outlaw; or, Stella. to the

‘ escue.
Flames.
., of the Wild West’s Trail; or, Stella Finds
v ”._.Ki1jIt%eof the Wild West’s Race; or, Stella Among
W Seris..

fan: of ‘the Wild West’s Fire-signal; or, How

tella’s Fort in the Coulée.
 of the Wild West’s Tenderfoot Pard; or,
atHappened to Stella.
 of the Wild West at the Throttle; or, Stella
i ii] Blue.
tella Foiled the Marauders

. HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

139—King of the Wild West Rides the Line; or, Stella
Saves Old Glory.

I.to——King of the Wild West's Treasure; or, Stella on
the \\"alls of Montezuma.

I4I—King of the \\'ild \\'est's Totem; or, Stella Makes
a New Maxim.

142- King of the Wild West on the Box; or, Stella in
the Mountains.

I43—King of the Wild West's Slick Trick; or, Stella
Buys a Town.

1+;-—l\'ing of the Wild West on Vanishing Island; or,
Stella Solves an Enigma.

145—King of the Wild West’s Decision; or, Stella's
W'aif of the Plains.

I46-——King of the Wild West’s Broken Finch; or, Stella's
Stratagem.

I47—King of the Wild West’s Iron Box; or, Stella
Turns the Tables.

I4S—King of the Wild West’s Lost Brand; or, Stella in
“No Man's Land.”

I49—King of the Wild West’s Snow Camp; or, Stella
Lost in the VVildemess.

I5o—King of the VVild \Vest's Great Wolf-hunt; or,
Stella Conquers "\Vhite Fang.”

I51-—King of the VVild \Vest at the Lone Tree; or,
Stella Finds the Mother Lode.

 
     
  

no not sans...
the tollowgg

:4
turns 1- 3m: its money.

 n.
V‘. .“‘!.

otonrlm-uloondonaot
orblnnkondxanditwuswlththo

  
  

_’
‘I’

)noIr:thontnnnnevodoIlaI.thoyouboobtulncdtromthisoﬁoodinaot.
P3190 I1

I the books you want and we will send them to yo

Q IXITB. Publhpon. 79 seventh Avenue. New York City. ,___ 19¢ V
 A . Gentlemen:-—lnelooednnd .......... ..oonu2orwh.iohploIIoolndIne:
‘ 111? ‘ID 3 3 . ...... ..oopleIdHJPPAl.0 BIJ. N8-..................-_.__,._,_________
-qua: ca . -~ BRAVE um now 
Non. .......... ._t

-nouonluoea

_ _\o.4

   

 DIAMOND Dlcll wrrlllv“

 

ISSUED EVERY THURSDAY.

:1:

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS ' 

Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western ,

plains.

They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker 

man and who don't let anyone else do it if they can help it. 
You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis- 

honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated-.. 

miners.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

T?
—_

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES: 

5o6——Diamond Dick’s Fight For a Girl; or, The Tender-
foot of Bellair Gulch. V
507--Diamond Dick’s Underground Trail; or, The Yel-
 low Demon of the Sierras.
3' r 508-Diamond Dick’s Cross-Counter; or, A Big Battle
_{ for the Belt.
3”‘ 509--Diamond Dick's Good Right Hand; or, A Dark
 z Plot in Chinatown. 2
5Io—Diamond Dick's Bravery; or, The Three Amazons
of the Mojave. ’
- S 51!-—Diamond Dick’s Double Trail; or, The Apparition
of. the Big Tree. .‘ ’
A 512--Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
” . Steel Glove. ’ V
‘ 513-—Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or; The Strange
Hobo of Death Valley. I
514-—Diamo'nd Dick’s Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
« buster of the Pecos.
515-——Diamond Dick's Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-
chief Man’s Vendetta.
5!6——Diamond Dick’s Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
A Mexico. ‘
 517--Diamond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
“ ~ tom Steer of K-Bar-6.
513-—Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or. Holding Them
' Down in a Blizzard.
 5I9—Diamond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or. Tracked
' , to the Rio Grande.
530-—-Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot Work
. Along the Big River. ‘
L52!-—-Diamond Dick's Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man
, ’ From Santa Fe.
522--Diamond Dick’s No-name Mystery; 01‘. The Smi-
.,‘ _ ’ T ling Man’: Bad Mistake.

  

  
        
      
        
     
       
 
   
   

 

  
 

   

  

“525—Diamond Dick's Night Watch; or, The Pretty can

A"  If  want any baclrnumbers of our libraries and cannot procure ‘them ﬁmn  ii
 dealers, they_can bepbminei from this oﬁce direct. Postage stamps talcenthe  as 

 
  
   
  
  
    
    
    
   
     
   
   
  
   

‘X ‘
T

523-Diamond Dick’s Midnight Stampede; or, 
Horse-thieves of the Cimagron. A 
524-—Diamond Dick’s Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of ‘
Adobe Castle. 0

of Falling Rock. a A A V
526—Diz1m0nd Dick's Three To One; or, Backed By
Uncle Sam. _ 1
527~—Diamond Dick's Golden Quest; or, The Secret GEE
Snake River. '_ _
528-Diamond Dick's Long Leap; or, Single-hiandafit
. Against a Giant. ’ . ’
529-—-Diamond Dick's Heiress Hunt; or, A Desi;
Through the Big Divide. [ 
530--Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostm
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass. .  '
53I—Diamond Dick’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man 
the Long Blue Scar. . ii
532-—Diamond Dick’s Black Sign; or. A Strange B
with a Dead Man.
533-—Diamond Dick's Queer Rebuke; or, Giving at
son to a “Pad .\lan.” ‘ .
534———Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; at‘. The Worth oi
Thoroughbred Pard. , »- .
535—Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The _V
ance of a Navaho. A
536——Diamond Dick; in Arizona; or, The --
Sport of Grand Canon. V
537-—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Graude; or. A V
for a Girl Through Mexico. T‘ I “
538——Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The
of the Montezumas. ‘ .
539vDiamond Dick Below the Line; or, An ‘ « T
Against Big Odds. .

  

   

  

 

 

 

   

 
 

1 ;
~ u
-
. I
‘ ' A a.
.
39a: .« i
\"” - . 7 J‘
2 i
'“ V 4
, ; ‘ ~ < ‘

   

-.5::n.e;.L5

     

hwy

   

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBR‘ARIES

    
   
 

  

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
   
     
 

 
    

BRAVE AND BOLD
Every boy who prefers variety V
in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art

of this publication, every three months.

. of telling boys‘ stories. Every
Buy :1 copy and learn how to come in for a i _ ‘ ' _ .
s,m,.,_. (,1 K , tale 1S complete in itself.

DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

The demand for stirring stories
of \/Vestern adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every ,
up-to-date boy ought to read just 1
how law and order are estab— ''
lished and maintained on our 1
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
' Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

B_OWERY BOY L!

The adventures of a poor waif‘
whose only name is “Bowery
Billy." Billy is the true product
‘ of the streets of New York. No 
boy can read the tales of his trials .
without imbibing some of that
resource and courage that makes   3
the character ofthis homeless boy  _4  ' E i
, stand out so prominently.

  

Ted Strong was appointed deputy inar-
shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
authority and rid his ranch of some very
tough bullies. He does it in such a slick
way that everyone calis him “King of the
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. $100 in cash are given to the readers

RIDER WEEKLY Q
i
i

    
   
 

     

   

     

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one—third
longer than the ordinary five-
cent library.

Lo mu. s'ro1u1-:s

A Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
 thousand exciting adventures
among the Redskins. . These are
' given to our boys only in the
Buffalo Bill Stories. They are_
bound to interest and please you.

     
       
   
    

   

   
      
       
           
   

    

The 'rap"rop weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

    

   

consequences.

  

 

 

