1;:/mi 1.'}¢..‘.‘;.. .-  = -.   4. .c;:.'cn .1 4; .5“. u.:».'/.: . .1 .’.'8/'.1!.’m' .'.. /. »" ’ .‘;‘..y, /‘_'.' 51 hr: 1‘ _\ .,.\n 1 H, j.,-.-., _\.»':w1.“// . I -. 

No. 528 T ____ WNEWWYORK, FEBi{UARYW9: *1T9fo].M

 rice, Five Centg

The Frenchman made one last effort to regain his feet. and as he did so he managed to drag
Nick against the low rail. and they both splashed into the water.

   . ‘No. 523. -

D

@Z2l§

[?{l[l@[r"\§
I=i*',

ilﬁillj

9

‘ip ‘ lined Wuﬁly. By .rub:erx'pIa'ax .|‘:.;o per year. Buteredas Suaud-class Mailer al In: N. 1/, pm; of”, 5,, STREET 5, s,,,.",‘ 7019, _ga,,,,“ Amy‘

N. Y. Entered acawrding to Act of Cbngressin the year 10:17. in the Oﬂicc 0/ the latrankzn al Congress. Waslumzion, D. C.

cc, the Womano Detective

NEW YORK, February 9, .957.

Price Five Cents.

OR,

’S Tl

 NICK CART-*

Q

ASSISTANT.

was by CI-IICKVERING CARTER.

CHAPTER I.
or-:.u>--we-r vzav uuctt ALIVE.

,  wreck of a motor-boat was ﬂoating bottom up on

 Gardiner-’s Bay, at the eastern end of Long
.  water around it was smooth; almost with-

ﬁtipplc. ‘ -
gather:-.about it_;was there _a sign of life save zior one
‘_ ‘Tdisappearing blot;of black upon the green, and
 by another motor-boat, which was being
  a westerly eourse toward Greenport.

‘almost upon sea and land. andonly the faint
 the  the ‘disappearing boat could

   torn almost in half so that

 strip of the upper part of the hull, was
i S M   water, and the entire scene

mysterious force were berieath it; and then, as if by‘
magic, the two parts of the wreck swung around so that *
the bow of one was abreast of the stern of the other, and
from the aperture thus created a human head appeared
Next there followed the shoulders and arms of a man‘; 5
then half the body; and then, with great effort, which Q
was evidently accompanied by considerable pain. the *'

_ creature pulled himself bodily out of the water and prea-

ently seated himself astride the keel, where, with an ;
pression of fury upon his face, which was turned towandff
the disappearing boat,’ he shook his list savagely in the‘
air.

“I’ll get even with you. Nick Carter, for this!” he
cried aloud, as if the man he was cursing might hearrhi
and he therefore proportionately alarmed. "I’ll getieve
with you for this, Nick Carter l" he repeated inipotentlg,

i stilltwith his fist vibrating in the air; still with his

tenance distorted by rage. “I'll get even with ever}: 
of you. I will :_ I will! I ‘will! With you, Nick '
ter, for tneddiing with something which did .nottani1

‘ ~ . ;

1 not concern you. For pursuing me like tl_3eiheIl

  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
      
     
    
    
     
     

'.c,r,uahed my skull if I had not been falling when it
struck me. p .

"With you, too, Clarice St. Cyr de Morney—-my wife
mname only, but, nevertheless, my wife, by the laws of
_ rance,..! _With you, Clarice, who ‘have deﬁed me and
despised me from the first; with you, who will now
reveal to Nick Carter the confession I made to you that
was I who murdered theold Marquis of St. Cyr. I
will get even with you, my beautiful countess! I will
pull you down into the mire! I will make you suffer ten
thousand times worse than you have made me fall! Be-
‘ are, Clarice, my wife—my countess, for I will get even
th you for all that you have Qlone!

“Andwith you, also, Chickering Carter, assistant to
 other. I will pursue you, too, to the ends of the
-earth, if need, be, to taste the sweets of my vengeance!
f.‘And you, Henri de la Pierre—you! ,Ah, what will
{not do to you when once I have you in my power?
You, who have been my companion in crime, in all
Ttshings, and who now betray me! You, who fled like a
inward at the approach of real danger! You, who
A d have stoodby me to the last, and who is, even
, acting the part of a traitor.

I will know where to ﬁnd you all right. Nick Carter
‘put you behind the bars, and I can wait for you till
come out into the world again; and when you do, I
strike you down with as little compunction as I would
rd a poisonous spider.”

eyes, for there was an ugly gash over one temple,
on , which the blood was ﬂowing quite freely, although
_ Quantity of it was less with every minute.
 "a little, an expression of cunning came into his
, and his lips parted in a grim smile, while he thought
' the circumstances which had placed him in the pres-
'tiop. ‘ _ “

lek:Carter believes that I am dead,” he muttered.
‘ believes it; Henri believes it; chielebelieves it.
gllbjelievethatl anlatthebottotnoi thebayat
ante, lying am the seaweed down there.”
shuddered; then he laughed harshly.

 better so,” he said then, aloud. “They.
_ﬁ;t',,I anrdead; let themhelieve it true. They
 that I came up under the wreck of‘my boat,
" there out of their sight, but with my head
  and  air enough to breathe until
jtake thenlselfves away. I ’ ~ .
 when ‘it islight again, Nick Car-
 .He will sear¢h.the~ place again.
, ﬁle boson otwthc bﬁylheiiﬂbouts for my
.  it. Hevwill 8:81‘?-ll the bulk of
i E;  all that is

ﬁx ‘‘  ,f

  

ace
£5



  

it

       
  

ﬁe paused in his wild tirade and wiped the blood from ‘

do Money. other-._ .
‘  . ., .,;.It::wu a,small.‘with a lowporeh

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

that the tide has carried my body out of the bay into
deeper water-——and they will go away satisﬁed.

“But I am not dead-not dead—«not dead!”

He almost shrieked these last words, and then he
laughed aloud again.

He discovered presently that the tide was rapidly carry-
ing him in the same direction in which the other boat had
gone, and an hour later he leaped into the water and
swam ashore. I

The night was not dark, and he could see around him
quite well; and although he knew nothing at all of his
surroundings, he was a man who had all his,life been
accustomed to ﬁnding his way in stran'ge localities.

He knew the general direction that he must take, and,
although his clothes were dripping with the water of the
bay; although he was hatless and without coat or waist-
coat, he started rapidly away through the night along
the point of land which is the northeastern extremity of
Long Island. _

His idea was to reach New York again with as little
delay as possible, for it was now his desire to get as far
away £rom his present surroundings as possible before
the rnaming, in order that when the search was resumed
for his body, as he believed it would be, there would be
nothihg to indicate that he had escaped with his life.‘

He? had noticed, when he left the wreck of his boat,
that the tide was turning, and he knew from that that
the hulk would have ﬂoated again to the other side of the
bay before it would be seen again by the searchers; and
that it would never occur to them that he had been able
to make a landing where he had.

He wished, too, for reasons of his own, to arrive‘ in
New York before Nick Carter or his friends could do so.

But he could not hope to travel without exciting cu-
riosity in the plight he was in at that moment.

Soaked with sea-water; coat, vest, and hat missing;
bleeding from a wound over his temple where the marine-
glasses hurled at him by the detective had cut through
the skin, and otherwise unkempt and disheveled, suspicion 
would at once be excited in the mind of any person who 3
chanced to see him. , ,_p

, But he started rapidly away, nevertheless, along a road 

which his judgment told him should conduct him sooner ' ‘

or later to Greenport-—to the very place where he had 

nQ.doubt_that Nick Carter and the others had gone to 

pass the night. I . ‘ . "
_ It was midnight when he passed a house that stood V‘

utterly alone beside the road, and be halted xneditatively
Vin front of it. _ ,

Thequestiorl in his mind was whether he should break
into it ornot? Ifhecould ﬁndinthztlowlydwelling
thefsort. of clothing he needed? ’  -

After oltttle heopenecl the gate and entered.

    

   
 
  

  
  

 
 

it-Ii-6» Nmea Wash:

   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  

Jhildlr when the boards creaked under his weight, and
 to discover if the noise had roused anybody.

A ddg barked inside the house; and it kept on barking
Tttcessanﬂy. It was the voice of a small dog, and he felt
hofear of it; moreover, he had picked up near the gate
{short bar of iron, which he now held in his hand ready
for instant use.

‘i ‘He waited, but there came no other sound save that
made by the dog, which had now taken its position di-
rectly at the opposite side of the door before which he
was standing. . ,

if ]“Strange,” he muttered, “that the barking of that dog
does not arouse the inmates of the house. I wonder if
there are none? I wonder if the dog is there alone?”

‘He waited still a little longer, and then, with great cau-
, he raised the latch of the door and pushed it open
oor three inches.

dog, which was a fox terrier, instantly thrust its
out into the aperture thus created, and it indulged in a
j table paroxysm of barking; but De Morney, with one
 blow, brought the iron bar down upon the ani-
if ’s head, crushing its skull and silencing it forever.
Xe’; that there was utter silence, and although the
-so listened for a long time, he heard not another sound.
 at last that if there were men or women inside
i house they had not. been disturbed, he pushed the door
Vajar and inside.
:.Present7ly he discovered a lamp upon a table and, near
matches; he lighted the lamp, and then another one,
 still another; and after that he went from room to
M ‘rs until he hhd examined the whole house, and found
C ‘a human being present.
e judged, too, for his eyes were keen and his intelli-
_ was alert, that a man lived alone in that house, and
 some unknown reason he happened to be absent
npé night. Doubtless he had gone, leaving the dog

  

  

  

 
 

    

   

ii3he.door in that unfrequented neighborhood.
 smiled grimly to himself.

Ireonld not have found anything more to my pur-
he told, himself; and hebegan at once to search
 and the closets for the clothing he needed.

  

  

 in the house, and his own besodden raiment
_ ina-heap in the middle of thetloon.
 his head and removed almost every
 blow he had received, and now he stood
  and socks to collar, tie, and hat
 man who had gone away, leaving
'  over his household. _ » ~.
 C V ﬁ>mcspu.n,butitﬁttedhim
 T‘  of a

   
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

..gda’rd,~and he had not thought it necessary even to _

an my later he "was dressed throughout in cloth- _

-of the hall; the room which Joseph occupied as. his 

     

3 _

 

over his forehead, the better to conceal the effects of that ‘'
blow over his temple. in ,1;

He found a telescope satchel also. and this he ﬁlled with
a few necessary articles. wisely deciding that he must
fulﬁl the part he was playing; at least, until he was well
away from the neighborhood: and then —

Then. deliberately, he seized first one lamp and the
another and hurled them against the walls of the room in
which he was standing, so that they were crushed into
bits, so that the oil from them was scattered everywhere
over the room, and so that the ﬂames from the wicks
quickly ignited the oil‘and' set the house ablaze.

Then he passed quickly outside, closing and latching
the door after him. and he walked rapidly away through
the night until he was among the shelter of neighboring
trees; and there he paused and turned, smiling upon the
havoc he had wrought, and gazing complacently upon the 
burning home that his ferocity had destroyed. 

 
   

CHAPTER 11. V \

THE ACT OF A VANDAL.

    
   
 

It was late in the afternoon of the day following the V
events just described when Nick Carter entered his own
house in the city.

As he opened the door and stepped into the hall he
paused in astonishment, for he found himself confronted
by a scene of confusion such as he had never seen before
in his own home. _

The hallway looked as if a cyclone had struck it.

The mirror over the hall table had been smashed into ‘
hits; the table itself was hacked and marred so that it
was fit only for a scrap-heap; the leather upholstery of ,
the hall furniture had been cut into strips and the-pad-
ding had been torn out and strewn upon the ﬂoor; the_
carpet was cut in many places, so that it would never be
fit for use again, and the whole appearance of the place
was indescribable. .

The detective turned to Chick, who was directly behind
him, and ~with an effort at self-control he said: n‘

“It looks as if we had had a visitor in our absence,‘
Chick." ‘ _ ;,

But the house should not have been alone, notwith-
standing his own absence; he knew that. It was true
that both Patsy and Ten-Ichi were out of town: but
Joseph should have been there; and Jannette, the housé:
keeper, and the cook, and—+—— , ,

He thought he heard ‘a groan from the room at the 

     
    
  
 

  
      
   
      
    
       
   
       
      
    
     
   

     
 

  
     
  
  

from which he could attend to the door and answer to his
master's wants as well. a

Nick hastened forward and pushed open the door.  '
V Joseph was lying upon the couch in that room.’ iii
 toit in the formofaletter X; a 
 ' V55  thaiewal thug: 

 

     
   

   
        

   

     

  
 

orehead, where he had received a blow of considerable

‘It required only a moment to set him free, and in-
tantly the detectivevdcmanded to know what had hap-
,’But Joseph couldtell his master very little.
, “It was shortly before noon to-day,” he said, “when I
1 went to the door in answer to a ring at the bell. A man
liood there who looked like a farmer, and he asked to see
you. I told him that you were not at home, and that I
 no idea when you would return. With that, he
stepped nearer to me, and then before I had a suspicion
of what was to happen, he struck me on the head with
55 heavy cane he carried, and I fell.
I “What I opened my eyes I was here where you found
me; and that was exactly two hours ago. I know the
rtime, because oneofthe first things Idid wasto look at
‘ithe clock.”
‘I ' Nick looked at it also now, and discovered that it was
quarter past four. He discovered also that this room at
e end of the hall had not been wrecked; nothing inside
_ seemed to have disturbed by the vandal.
,‘f'§';“:1)escribe the man to me as well as you can, Josep ,”
fiaid the detective.
' ."Well, sir, he was quite tall; I should say six feet at
He was smooth-shaven. ‘He was dressed like a
ﬁrrner who is starting for church Sunday morning. He
(1 on a slouch hat, which was pulled down over his
' ' His eyes were blue, and his teeth were very white
-» even; also, they were rather large. Somehow, he
ed" as if he might be a foreigner, although he was
inly dressed like a farmer. His voice was heavy,
égnti-soft. and he spoke like a man of reﬁnement. That is
all that I can tell you about him, sir.”
 scene of wanton destruction which Nidc Carter
cred when he went over his. house was heart-

Hun

 was not a room which the vandal had not visited

.5:-.

‘ upon which he had not satisﬁed his thirst for de-

theparlor the furniture had been hacked and de-

t the carpet had been cut and ruined; the pic-

« rented torn from the walls and smashed.

library, book: had been torn from their bindings

 upon the ﬂoor; the idrop-light’ and all the.

ofpthe chandelier were smashed. In the music-

' ofthepianohadbeencutand the rose-'

 deliberately chopped with a hatchet;

_w_Instorntos]hreds,Ind.everyth'mgwaswreclced

 even to the pictu‘ res. ,

 third floors of   were in the
 decorations everywhere

 
e ..   as

  

   
 

  

  

Nlsw. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘ old twenty-ﬁve-cent ‘shin-plasters.’ ”

 

   
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
 

Jannette was found in her own room, just recovering
from the effects of chloroform and bound and gagged as
Joseph had been; the cook was in the kitchen, tied to
her chair and gagged; and the two remaining servants
were in a similar condition. -

In all that house it seemed that there was but one room
which the vandal had not visited at all, and that was only
because he could not enter it. That was Nick Carter's
study, wherein he kept his most valued treasures, and
which he had provided with an outer steel door, which
was always closed and fastened now, when he and Chick
were both absent from the house.

Once, three years ago, this room had also been entered
and an awful thing had happened in it, and since that
time Nick had furnished it with the steel door.

And so it was that his study alone—and Joseph's small
room at the end of the hall, which was of no importance-—
had not been wrecked by the vandal. '

“Well,” said the detective, when he and Chick had ﬁn-
ished their inspection, and had gone to the study, “it
looksas if I would have to refurnish, doesn’t it? Eh?"

“Rather,” said Chick moodily. He was so angry that
he fciund it diﬁicult to spea.k with calmness.

“I “.1 wonder who could have done it?” said Nick
musingly.

“I wish I knew,” replied Chick, gritting his teeth to-
gether. “I would have enjoyed entering the house while
he was in the middle of his labors.” '

Nick nodded.

“I think that either one of us might have got a little
satisfaction out of that,” he said. “I wonder who did it?"

“To tell you the absolute truth,” said Chick, “I have
not the remotest idea. Have you?”

“N o. I cannot think of an enemy——not a single one-— I
who would have selected this form of revenge against
me.”

“It was evidently a chap who was not unmindful of the ,
value of your silverware,” said Chick. “I notice that he 74
has helped himself rather liberally to that.” V

Nick laughed grimly. , e

“That, you know, might have been done for a blind]?
he said. “There are several other so-called ‘clues,’ Chick,
that I have picked up. I suppose you noticed them?”

"Yes." Chick smiled. Then he added: “They are 
what Brynes used to eall"book clues.’ The kind you read : I
about, eh?” ‘A

"Yes. I have picked up a. button that has dropped oﬂ' ,
a. vest; a piece of cloth that was evidently torn from a"
coat; a silver ring that has sometime served for a wed-
ding-ring, and which has engraved inside of it the legend,
‘Jacob to Sarah, December, 1880,’ which is about 
years ago: and also an ancient wallet which contains two» ~

 

 
 
     
     
 
       
   
     

    
 
  
  

  
   
  

 

    

    

:'  doyouof all that nut}. Nicki? 

 
 

 ._ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“lﬂhy, I make it  the fellow left them behind him

on purpose, simply to add to the mystiﬁcation. of the

aifair. If you will look at this button, you will see that
»it has been cut from a waistcoat, and not torn away by
accident.” ‘
“Sure; {I see it now.”
-“This bit of cloth, torn from a coat, has been torn

‘uaway all right, but it is tough cloth, Chick, and the man

bare it off purposely, for the sake of leaving it behind

. .- (‘Jim’); V I -
'-  f‘But there are the wallet and contents and the silver

wedding-ring; what do you make of them?” ‘
The detective was silent before he replied; then he
.“I think that is somewhat different. I think that the
 and the wallet were both cast aside here for us to
 and that it was done only to mystify us the more;
"but. allthe same, I have an idea that the-wallet with its
 contents, and also that unusual wedding-ring,
Jﬂﬁﬁllt be traced.” .
 what of that? You would only ﬁnd that the van-
 stolen the.articles at some other place before he
 here.” , ,
I i  is quite true, Chick; but when he was here he
’ mighty careful to leave nothing but false clues; at

 place, no matter when and where it happened,

 might have left a real one.”
I ‘That’s so, by Jove l?’ .
.»‘.'However, I don't suppose there is any use in medi-
upon it.- The thing to do now is for me to invest

 that neither you nor I have got time to attend

now: ‘I! am promised to the inspector for to-morrow
?~ v -. and you must leave for Buffalo on the midnight
' -«  It will beaweek before we can take up

ur,

 if  care to‘ do so then.”

,to‘id.0  assoon as possible!” said Chick. -

‘A well. I_won't‘objec:.,. You may goatit the mo-

‘  hutithat will -be several
 beqihonie theiday after to-
_ as ha,dfbetter'-.wtite out full instructions for
 Sevjet‘ance.aﬁ‘air,'-for theyfwill have to go
Hgso  see,-gChickJ‘it looks as if our van-
   undisturbed;

  putsdhern out of the reckoning-

have been paintings destroyed that I prized almost above
price; but they are destroyed, and regrets will not re-
store them to me.”

Chick? nodded savagely, and again gritted his teeth;
after a moment, with some irrelevance, he said:

“I wonder if it is a. dead certainty that the French-
man was drowned, Nick?’

“De Momey ?” asked Nick.

“Yes.”

“Why do you hark back to that, Chick? I don't think
there is the least doubt of it. He went over the side of

the boat like a stone, when I ﬂung the marine-glasses at 

him. The blow itself could not have injured him much,

but it probably stunned him. He must have gone to the 

bottom of Gardiner's Bay, and the tide carried him away.” “ii

“If he happened to be alive, he might have done this‘
thing,” said Chick.

“Nonsense! Nonsense!” _

“You think there is no possibility whatever that he
escaped?”

“None. None whatever. You should realize  as 

well as I. Didn't we search everywhere for a trace of 

'v

E

:3‘

him P“ Wasn't the bay deserted at the time? He might 
have been tangled in the wreckage under his boat——pos- 

sibly———but, even so, he would have drowned. He is dead, 
depend upon it; and even if he were not ” ’-
“Well?”

“It is useless to argue the question at all, Chick. i Theig

man is dead.” _

“I have known people who were dead, to come to life
again before now,” said Chick, doggedly. “I remember 
a certain occasion when you did that very thing yourself,;'
Nick.”

“Oh, nonsense, Chick! If De Morney were alive, he,

could not have got here to do this thing; and if he could"

have gotten here, he would not have done such a thing a
this. Come, we will go around to the Waldorf and get

our dinner, while Joseph and the others are getting order" 

out of this chaos. Come.”

CHAPTER III.
cuuuce AS A womw m-zracrrva.

I When Nick Carter left the house he dropped the g
and the otherthings he had found into one of his pod:

and he did not think about them again until when}; v

in the evening, he was seated in the presence of I
St. Cyr, otherwise the Countess De Morney, who it
be remembered wssone of the persons against whom
“man of the wreck” had swom sbch dire  I

' ti!l_1ei.¢f his’e.scape.* ' A

;H

 

    
  
 
 
  
  
    
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
    
     
 
  
    
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
   

E ' he had found his home upon his return to it; and
now he drew the wallet from his pocket and showed her
 ring of silver with the inscription inside it.
I Clarice regarded it curiously.
“It is a wedding-ring,” she said meditatively.
 “So it would appear,” replied the detective.
“And it looks as if it had been worxf upon a person's
 many years, Mr. Carter.”
I “Yes; it does.”
‘I _“This wallet is a man’: wallet, is it not?”
“Undoubtedly.”
2, “Have you examined the inside of it?”
V  A “Not with any thoroughness. I merely saw that it
‘ .eoéntained in one of the pockets, two of our old shin-
 ers.n _
“What are shinplasters, Mr. Carter ?”'
[“‘That is a name which people of this country gave to
ractional currency, when it was in use,” he replied.
““I understand. Did you notice that one of the pockets
the wallet shows the imprint of this ring, and that the
I; ‘ﬁts exactly into the imprint?”
No; I confess that I did not. I merely glanced at
thing, anyhow.” ' g
“It would indicate, would it not, that the man who
 this wallet, carried the ring inside of it for a long
“Yes; I should say that it would indicate that much.”
“Then, isn't it to be presumed that the ring was once
.  of the wife of the man who owned this wal-
? ' And that she is now dead and has been dead for
long time?"
.1 It would suggest that much, certainly.”
l.‘Do you mind my asking you these questions P”
 at all. You interest me.”
 here is another one: If the wife of the man is
; if he retained the ring——their wedding-‘ring-and
L - about with him as a keepsake after her death,
_ Owed that he was very fond of her, and, therefore,
ﬁghting which reminded him of her, did it not?”
>'-’’ i "
I - man's given naiiie is Jacob, is it not?”
_ ~- it  seem.”
I mob‘ would not readily part with that ring WlllCl‘l his
had once worn, would he ?”
o.’.'_: ‘
“'~'TiIe wallet ‘which contained it was therefore taken
' by force, or he lost it. Is not one of those con-
, j likely?” '
ti” . .
’  smiling now. for he was rather surprised that
showed soimneh ability in theline of deduction.

 
  

V the  those-acts of van-

 lefrthese lclues’ behind

     

   

   

‘detective.

 ﬂ..lJ,If“ fit! the pocket very of late?” }

 

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

misled as to the identity of the real perpetrator of the
acts.”

“Yes.”

“Don’t you think, in that case, that you might get on
his track if you could ﬁnd out who Jacob is P"

“It is quite possible, Clarice. Some time I will look
into the matter, perhaps.” .

“Some time. VVhy do you defer it ?”

“For the reason that I have other things of more im-
portance to attend to just now. Have you never no-
ticed that while a physician attends to the colds from
which his patients are suﬁering, he goes about coughing
himself?”

“Yes.” .

“That is my case. I cannot attend to my own case, just
at present for the reason that I must give my attention
to the affairs of other people.”

“I see. This is rather a large ring, Mr. Carter.”

"Is it? Oh, yes.”

“It was worn by a large woman.”

“Or a woman with a large hand—yes.”

“It is a silver ring, too.”

“Yes; I noticed that, Clarice.” The detective smiled
and she looked up at.him and blushed.

“I Suppose you think me very silly,” she said. “The
truth Thais, I was thinking aloud at that moment. I hap-
pened 'to- remember‘ that among a certain class of Low
Germans I have heard that it is the custom to use silver
wedding-rings altogether; even when _the bridegroom
has suﬂicient wealth to purchase a dozen gold ones.”

“So you think that ‘Jacob and Sarah’ belonged to that
class, do you?” asked the detective, smiling again.

“Isn’t it anatural deduction?” she asked in reply.

“I cannot say that it is not, Clarice.”

“Won't you help me in working this thing out? I am
getting into deep water now.”

“I should say that you are doing splendidly. You have
gone a whole lot farther with the matter than I did.”

“That is because you gave it very little thought.”

“Possibly.”

She was studying the wallet again now, with great car-
nestness. '

“I don't think that this wallet has been carried in the
pocket very much of late,” she said presently.

""‘No? Why not?” 4

“I wish you would take it in your hand and study it for

yourself for a moment.” =

“Nonsense! You do that forme, Clarice,” laughed the I

 

 

“You are laughing at me.”

‘No, I am not. I am deeply interested; but I would
rather that you would proceed as you have begun.”

“Very well. - I will try.” T .

‘.‘Why do you think that the -wallet has not been carricd- -;

 
    
  
     
      
   

 

J

  

    
 
  
   
 
   
     
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

 one thing, the leather is not worn as shiny as it
should be if that were the case. It has been worn quite
so, some time in the past, but now the gloss upon it, im-
 from the wear againstthe inside of the pocket, has
{partly disappeared.”
‘F “Yes. Well?”
“‘For another thing do you notice how it is bulged out
at the sides; and how it retains that shape, although there
iis*’nothing inside of it to hold it out so ?’_’ _
‘ .“Yes.’’ Nick was really surprised now; surprised be-
'"‘cause of her penetration. All of these things to which
 called his attention, he would have seen and com~
‘rnented upon had he taken the trouble to examine and
 his own deductions from the condition of the wallet;
 he had not done so. He had scarcely thought about
at all since the time he picked it up from the ﬂoor in
“ihisiowix house, save only when he had talked about it
til Chick. .
f ‘fHas it occurred to you to ask what‘ has caused the
 of the wallet?” she asked, ignoring his apparent
’ , now.
“You go right ahead the way you have begun, Clarice,”
min. “I shall not venture an opinion upon the subject
M to the end.” .. «
I the wallethas not been carried about by its owner
 if it contained the precious wedding-ring in
of its eompaftrnents, it follows that'it has been care-
 away for preservation, does it not?”
 n ,
“‘§We1I,”»she went on, “in one of these pockets of the
J  I’ discoverivery apparent evidences that coins have
. Rieposited; I think they were heavy coins, and,
1 A j‘_,e,_ they were probably gold. Are you listening?”
 in the  I have at my eon_unaud;'yes.”
 ‘ ritislniy  that Jacob was—-or is-—a careful
 _  whohas all his life valued
silver, money far above currency. When he
" e jnioney it was his habit to change what he

in

     
       
 
    
  

  

      
 
      
     
   
   
  
  

. i“t°,.S'°;l‘3-"ﬂs ' e v
  and  to the center, table
f*l!i:h_[sh¢.tqch3.masnifr?I3z-slats» ﬁnch 8% Emmi’
‘ ‘ ‘ tEiii'ag,e":  and with the
a>ca:;e_fi:1l  of the of the

    

"s:se:a2s¢ai»er‘ey¢sso.N”«_=Ir’sagain.   . .

.  9‘ ***55iWi31et'1.ha=.c9ntaiﬂed

“she: ..  “Vi  rim?" <>*th¢m.: as
 a rat Some of then: have le_ftt‘he.i1in-
  the soft!

  

    

   
  

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

:aIl;but I am very willing to admit that I wish to hear A

, , I  You are proving it now,‘eertainly.”

  

“Yes; considerable. But I am listening to you, Cla~
rice.” ~
“ ‘Jacob’ has made use of this wallet as a depository _
for his savings.” “E I

“Yes.”

“He has kept it hidden away in a bureau drawer, or«
between mattresses, or in some out-of-the—way place
in his house, where he lived.”

“Very probably.” V

“This pocket would have held, easily, twenty to thirty
such gold pieces, with the strap around the wallet to . 
hold the ﬂaps in place.”

“Yes.”

“And if it had been hidden away like that, and only
visited when there was another gold coin to deposit, such
a fact would account for the shape of the wallet itself, .
now, wouldn't it P”

“It certainly would.” ;

“Again, it must have remained thus a very long time,
for it would take a man in his condition of life a good
‘many years to save up between four hundred and six ‘
hundred dollars in cas .” 

“Wait a moment, Clarice. How do you ﬁgure upon. ‘
his ‘conditionitin life,’ as you call it?” I

“Easily. Our Jacob is a man past middle age. He. is 3;
simple in his habits, poor in wealth, other than his sav- ii
i_ngs which were in this wallet, and he is not at all a ;.
miser, for I can see plainly that he has never visitcdvhis
hoard for the purpose of counting it, merely; but only;
to add another coin to his store. Shall I go on?”

“Yes, please.” 

"He was married twenty-ﬁve years ago, as the  ’
tells us. Doubtless he began to save at that time and ‘I
selected the wallet as a place for his savings; hence he
has been. going to 't every time he had a gold piece to‘;
deposit, for twenty—ﬁve years at least. If he had visited
it oftener, for: the mere joy of counting over, what he
possessed, the strap would have been worn badly; as i
is, it shows very little wear. You said, Mr. Cart:
that Joseph describes your vandal as a farrnerdooltin . ,
individual. Very well, I think that you will discover‘ ‘
if you make the effort, that Jacob was-——or is--a 
also; and that the man who desecrated your house had
‘recently visited his, and looted it.” ’ "

 
 

 

z

 
     
     
 
        

   

  

   

    
    
  
  
 

     
    
    
     
      
     
   
   
  
    

y-—---

crmrrsn IV.
me: cAr'rrsa’s rrru-:0 ASSISTANT.‘
.“Clarice," said the detective, “Ihave always said,

at

since’ I havelniowu ‘you, that you had the -a

  
   

4 ev’g«,m,”. she said.‘ “This case seems

‘E’

 

:\

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
 

old man, Jacob, before my eyes. I can realize how
..'hly he must feel at the loss of- his ring.” '

=7“And his gold, also.” '

3”“His gold ~yes; but if he is the man I think heis, he
tied the ring far above the gold, Mr. Carter.”
"Possibly; although that is hardly a German at-_
tﬁbute.”

f‘It ought not to be diﬂicult to ﬁnd out the identity of
" Jacob,” she remarked meditatively.

“No?” said Nick.

“;‘It might be done by advertising in the papers; and

V7

'_‘G0 on, Clarice.”

"I was going to say that a man, such as he doubtless
is, would scarcely read the papers in which you would
 I think he would be more quickly traced if
 were to read all the country papers we could ﬁnd,
‘ the hope of seeing something about the robbery of a
«. J whose name is Jacob.”

‘»‘:Claz-ice, you are a. wonder." That would be exactly
 way to do it-if only we had any idea what papers‘
read.’ But you forgeta few things about it.”
. know that I do,” she replied, with knitted brows.
 is why I want you to help me think. I am not
‘to this sort of thing, at all; and yet, I feel an:un-
-- ble interest‘ in this aﬂair. What were you going
 that I had forgotten, please?”
“The multitude of country papers, from one end of
 to the other. The time that may have elapsed
-_ ‘Jacob’ was robbed. The fact that he may be
* That the robber might have murdered him in
to‘ get the gold. _ There are a thousand and one
« things, too, which would interfere in the search.”
i asearch were easy all along the line, there would
 to the searcher, would there?”
0.” '
on said that you were going away, did you not?”
t,,. .
, and where?” V
y; to-marrow. I don’t know exactly where, as
probably as far as Chicago.” .
 you willing that I should give my attention to
nutter while you are gone?” _
 Cy--he-always provided that you will not attempt
 lunch.” '
I  you mean by ‘too much’?” .
that I~‘a’rn quite willing that you should sit
«tnseilyouri  and your intelligence in this

‘a outside and so run  any danger.”
" Iican that I will not do that.”
' “ S331-'fB’r’s‘.house,

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

3;ouplease,hutthatIamnotwilling that you ' . ”
‘clothing. V

,;n:anu'faeturing

     

“You are laughing at me again."

“No; I insist that I am not. I will be very glad to
have you study over this matter until my return. I will
be very glad if you will visit the libraries and read the
papers, in the hope that you will somewhere read about
‘The Robbery of Jacob.’ I will, indeed.”

For a moment she looked up at him with a strange
expression in her beautiful eyes; and then, very quietly,
she said:

“I will give my attention to it. You will let me keep
the wallet?”

“Certainly. You may consider it as your personal
property-.—until such a time as the rightful owner is
discovered.” '

“Thank you; and the other things?”

“The button? And the bit of cloth?”

“Yes.”

“What do you want with them?
portant.”

“VVhy do you say that?”

“Because it is quite evident that the vandal cut the
button from the waistcoat in order to drop it on my _
ﬂoor, andit is also as evident that he deliberately tore
the bit,/of cloth from the coat for the same purpose.”

“Then, in that case, does it not follow that they are
very important?”

“Perhaps so; but you tell me why you think so,
Clarice.” '

“Because if you are correct about it, it seems to me
that there can be no doubt that they were once parts
of Jacob’s clothing.”

“Eh? By Jove! For once, certainly, you have hit
upon an idea that had not occurred to me. How do you
make that out, Clarice?” '

“If the vandal had Jacob’s wallet in his possession, he
might also have worn Jacob’s clothing. Certainly he
did not wear his own, or he would not have left parts
of it there for you to discover.”

“Go on.”

“Well, since the vandal went away with the clothing
on his back, we cannot get hold of that, to have Jacob
identify it; but Jacob might identify the button and
the bit of cloth, as well as the wallet and the ring.”

“First you catch Jacob, Clarice.” ’_-.

"That is what I intend to do-—catch Jacob. The clu 
to this whole matter lies in ﬁnding Jacob.” ' $73

The detective pondered a moment. , ,1

,“And if Jacob happens to be dead, Clarice? Suppose‘ 
the vandal murdered him before he sequestrated the I

They are unim- _

 

 

  
 

 
 

“In that case we will discover somebody who knew
Jacob when he was alive--and Jaoob’s clothing, also.”
~.“Upon my word, Clarice, you have succeeded» in I’
qniteia. romance out of the affair. _Yo'u
eel rather scan: that!  

    
  
 
 

  
  
    

have made

 

 
 

 . V/é.,,»

CARTER WEEKLY.

 

I’ — and assist you in unraveling the case; for, if I did
 I should be your assistant on1y,'you know.”
 rather, that you should appoint me as special
 for this particular bit of work.”
l—'.“‘I"'will. Consider. yourself hereby and hereon ap-
pointed,” laughed the detective. “You are now, Clarice,
the woman detective-—my titled assistant."
“Please don’t mention the title.‘ I hate it.”
A “Ydu should not do that. The title is all right, even
" 75‘_'if the man who bestowed it upon you, was not.”
I‘ "I: not. I don’t believe that he is dead.”
’.“You do not?”
' “No.”
‘ ", “Will you tell me what reason you have for making
that statement?” ,
4' “A woman’s reason; in other words, no reason at all.
I wouldn't be surprised if he were at the bottom of this
very aﬁair we are talking about; if he were the vandal
A inquestion. It would be like him, I think, to seek some
‘such revenge upon you as this.”
'_I,7" ;“It is rather strange,” mused the detective, “that
 made almost the same remark to me.” p
_- “Of course,” she continued, “there is no logic in my
belief at all—I mean that he still lives; but I feel it
 It is intuition, I suppose; a woman's reason.”
‘“If I had the ~least suspicion that De Morney were
 the living,” said the detective seriously and
gtjavely, “I would abandon this proposed trip of mine.
I‘ would not go away and leave you unprotected, just
aP;1_low.”‘ - ' /
She looked up into his eyes, smiling brightly.
“Do not fear on my account,” she said.. “I shall be
right.‘ And, after all, it is foolish for me to suppose
_ he may be living when we have every proof, save
‘sight of his dead body, that he was drowned in the
_. , of Gardiner’s Bay.”
 yet,” said Nick; and stopped._.
 Yﬁt." laughed Clarice, ,“you must go away. I
1 wrather you would go now, Mr. Carter. When
R  to  city, you may come to see me again.”
‘Ch;rio_e,” he replied, after another short pause, “I
I .-to-nightprincipally to extract a solemn promise
M?’ .
 ﬂushed and then became.‘-pale at his words,
she half-rose, from her chair only to sink back upon
; but, as his,,h'ead was ‘turned away at the mo
' ihe  not notice these signs of perturbation.
--a promise--from me?” she repeated after
“Af'proiIiise about what? What, sort of a
 wentlaway the last time, you did so for
  have not explained You left he-
 £or“".Mi.ss, Glenn, a_nd'another one for
vﬁéthat you  any be~
., husbands-..\uf  .couIu.”.

  
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
   
 
    
      
  
     
  

 
 

   
 

  
 
 
     
  
   

   

      
   
     
  

v

   
   
     
    
 

'_a.letter,£rom thatsame inspector.‘ _

She made a gesture as if to stop him before he pro~ 
ceeded further, but he did not see it.

“I know exactly how you have felt about that man,”
he went on. “I know, or think I know, the horror you
must feel whenever you were brought into contact with
him. He is your husband -—'was your husband I should
say—-only in name. You parted with him forever within
a few moments after the words were pronounced that
made you his wife.

“But now, Clarice, there seems to be no doubt that
the man is dead; nevertheless, what I wish to say, is. .
this: Even if he should turn up alive somewhere, at
some time——e'ven‘if he positively were alive at this mo-
ment and we knew about ‘it ; I would want you to prom~
ise me faithfully that you will not fly from me again.
W'ill you make the promise?"

“Yes,” she replied, in a low voice.

“You will not attempt to go away again without my
full knowledge?” _

“No.” J

“And not without telling me so directly~—by word of ‘
mouth?”

“No. I will promise you.”

“Very good. Then I will go away content.
write a line to you, Clarice?”

“No, no, no. I would much rather that you would
not, Mr. Carter.”

He raised his eyebrows in some surprise at her an-
necessary vehemence; but he rose and extended his hand
to her.

“Good-by, then, Clarice,” he said. “Good—by for the 1
present. I will not be gone more than a week at the
most, and when I return you shall see me at once.” I 

-“Thank you,” she said, in a low voice. ' 

“Will you not bid me God speed?” he asked, smiling ,1

Shall I

" 3".“ii<z:'l-‘;‘é:4~.‘....a..-I-;‘§.:s:£i.a~»_~a‘a_ii., :_1».

 

7’

“God speed you~—now, and always, she murmured,
and then to Nick's utter astonishment, she turned quite
away from him and crossed to the piano where, wi
her’back still toward him, she seated herself upon the
stool and began to play dreamily. .

He went from the room and out of the house softl ,
leaving her so, for, while he did not realize what  '
emotion was that stirred within her soul, he was con:
scious of one within himself which bade him make. "
retreat before he said more than he felt he had_
right to utter at that moment.

"I wonder if De Momey is dead?” he asked himself,
ashe strode along the avenue a little later. “I w - l I’
if the man is dead? By Jove, if it were not for 
promise I made the inspector, I would start for _
diner’: Bay again to-night, to try if ‘I could not -- ~
sure, one way or another. But as it is-——-" . i

It was an eloquent silence that followed, and -- »
it he arrived at his home, and found awaiting him :-

   
  

   
  
   
 
 

  

  
 

 _- 
,4

  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
    

CHAPTER V.
CLARICI-:’s DEDUCTIYE SKILL.

:We will have to give a short bit of attention to that
note" from the inspector which the detective found await
C’  on his return to his home. It was very short
very much to the point, and it answered the wish
. Nick had made to himself while he was on the
L to his house. It said:

-“~‘MY DEAR NICK: That little matter of mine in re-
to the Cruger millions, which you were to take up
me to-morrow, must be postponed for a time. I am
ed away to—night and cannot attend to it with you.
rtunately it is one of those cases which can wait, so
will» ask you to defer activity in the matter until after
A have communicated with you again, which will not
'” hort of two weeks hence at the best.’ ”

 were some other subjects discussed in the
‘ nce of the letter; but this was the only part of it
- greatly interested the detective, and so, as he
 letter aside, he smiled and then asked himself
» ‘N what course he should take.

‘Shall I put into execution that idea that occurred to
N while I was walking home?” he asked himself.
. I go to Gardinefs Bay and endeavor to make
"of one thing or the other, beyond the peradventure

y is dad?” Q .
did not reply to the question in words, but he
 certain preparations ‘soon after that which
., have meant much to any of his assistants had
_-of them happened to be present.

' ‘was there, however, and so none saw his prepa-
'; but the fact is that two hours later he let him-

away along the street on foot rapidly, without
left’ any word with Joseph, or with any member
V: jqseph, who had been informed of his master's
‘intention, had no—idea. that the plans were
jatzll; and so, if anybody had asked at the
thttﬂnight, if Nick Carter would return, Joseph
= = ve answered: a T -

Carter is away‘5n important business, and will

 wouldihaveibeen almost entirely cor-
gmhgwaulvdnathavehadtherealtruthin

 on what was to him important

  

y’  of_Raoul dc Momey; and
. ‘f'erryat~Thirty}ionrthSn'eetandtook a

  



   

    

 

em!

"-.7“ ‘i .3-.  g -‘<9:-, *
NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

doubt? Shall I satisfy myself wholly, that De’

'ont'of the house, with a grip in one hand, and he.

  
 

 

source he could think of at the time, to discover the
body of the man he supposed was drowned.

However, while in the presence of Clarice, the detect-
ive had discovered that it was of vital importance that
he should know the truth, and now he was determined to
find it out if possible. -

And now, since we have been a witness to the tem-
porary appointment of Clarice as assistant to the dc»
tective, it is necessary that we return to her, fdr, if
truth must be told, it was largely because of her efforts
that this story ever happened in a way that was worthy
of relating.

As soon as she was certain that Nick had gone, she
left the piano and returned to the chair where she had
been seated while he was there; and for a long time
she remained perfectly silent and still; but at last she
smiled, and exclaimed aloud, although she was herself
the only audience:

“What nonsense for me to dream like this!
work for me to do now. Real work.”

She took the leather wallet in her hand. and ﬁxed her
eyes intently upon it, but, nevertheless, her mind refused
to travel in channels subject to her will, and her thoughts
reverted again to the man who was her husband and to
the scenes that had taken place at Gardiner’s Bay, in
which they had each been participants.

Shep/recalled the fact that she had been his prisoner
in hislmotor-boat and that Nick Carter in another and

There is

a swifter boat had chased them all the way through the ‘
sound to the end of the island; that he had run down‘

the Starlight just inside of Gardiner’s Bay, and close
to the shore of Plum Island; that he had dived into the
water with her in his anns, after knocking the count
overboard, and so had saved her from drowning; but
more than all, he had saved her from becoming a victim
of her own husband, who had stolen her away from the
city, and who had sworn that she should be his wife
in fact as well as in name. -

“And then,” she continued in her thoughts, “then we
remained there a long time while search .was made for
the body of De Momey; then. we went to Greenport,
arriving there soon after dark; then we remained there
through the night-Nick Carter, and Chick, and the

police captain, and Henri de la Pierre whd was a pris- ,

oner, and I; and then we returned here in the motor
at, arriving here in the afternoon; and then-——',’
She broke oﬂ’ with an uneasy laugh and again raised
the wallet until she held it before her eyes.
— “Truly my mind wanders to-night,” she said to her-

seli, blushing vividly; for she knew only too well in I 2
‘her own heart why it wandered, although she was hot,
Vgrepared yet to confess it, even to herself. And then’
_ —  ,  she did thing that she could do; she went to,

M0 ‘ J‘ , , y 
The  bowgvot. when she. sent

 

 

 

"1. '- ,

   
   
 

   
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
       
    
      
   
   
 

‘t‘ 5: r

g‘ the breakfast-table,'she found among the mail that was
heaped upon the table—all of which she supposed was
‘addressed to Miss Carmen Glenn with whom she was
still _living—a neat little roll that was addressed to her-
self; and as she looked at all in surprise, she remembered
 that the editor of the paper at Greenport had talked to
her the evening of her rescue, and had told her that
he would send her one of his papers which was to be is-
sued that day, and which would contain an account
of’ the affair in the bay.

_ In passing, it might be well to state that the editor
iwas not told of the real name of the man who was sup-
posed to have been drowned. He was only mentioned
as “Bill of the Motor—boat”; but he had been told
' something about the rescue in the bay, and of the cap-
ture of the other man, Henri de la Pierre.

Clarice undid the wrapping of the paper with some
' "eagerness, and she read the article it contained, from
,. beginning to end.
 .It contained merely a rehash of what we already
know, but it dilated upon the beauty of “Miss St. Cyr,”
who hadbeen rescued by Nick Carter, etc'., etc.; and
‘Clarice put it down upon her lap blushingly,
But after a while. she raised the paper again,‘ and be-
gan to look through it carelessly.
 {is a newspaper, it was exactly like thousands of others

, we have seen; merely a country, weekly paper, nothing
more. But there was a page devoted to “Locals,” in
which note was made of such interesting facts as “Miss
“I,e.rusha Smollet is spending a week in New York.”
“ ‘Sam Carpenter drove into town yesterday for half
an hour." “Felix Codman cut his ﬁnger badly yester-
inlay, and the doctor took three stitches in it.”

She read all these with considerable amusement until
i came to the last paragraph of them all, and then she
stopped, waited a moment, and then read it a second
title, and a third.
It-would seem at first glance that there was nothing
Irticularly about that paragraph to interest her, or
_ attract her attention; but we will repeat it here just
at  saw it.

   

    

  
  

   
 

‘-‘Only a few moments before this paper went to press
#1‘  of important, though unfortuntate, news came
and‘we lifted the form for the purpose of in-
_ it in this column. Jacob Krasse came into town
' j y afternoon to sit up‘ through the night with
 or his lodge"who is'sick. Simon Berger, with
it - u be was sitting up, died at two o'clock, as we
noted in another column, and so, after calling the
of the family and notifying the undertaker,
started home again about three in the morning, or
 little sooner than that, for he had chores to
 At. alhevents, when he got home there

‘  ‘there.’ It hadburned downdnringthe

    
  
      
  
  

   
    
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

where, without proper clothing, Of course. And so

 

.._.-~~;‘,r u..«.r -‘

V .

 



-or

#3

the stables and other outbuildings were spared by the
ﬂames, there being no wind at the time to help them 
along. Everything in the home was destroyed, even "1
]acob’s little fox-terrier, of which he was very fond.
The house was insured, but Jacob says that it contained «ti
some keepsakes which he would not have parted with
for twice all that the house and contents were worth.
We feel sure that everybody will sympathize with Jacob,
who has lived alone there ever since he lost his wife,
now more than ten years ago. He has our sympathy,

surely.”

It was the name of the man who had lost his home by
ﬁre that night which attracted the attention of Clarice..
It was “Jaco ."

Suddenly Clarice leaped to her feet and clapped her
hands together.

“I know! I know! I know!” she cried out excitedly.
“It is only my intuition that tells me, but I know that
I am right.”

Then she seated herself again and picked up the
paper. She read the article through twice more, and
then put the paper aside.

“I don’t suppose that Nick Carter would put the
slightest faith in my reasoning. if he were here with me 
now,” she told herself presently, “but I am just as sure 
as I can be that the Jacob Krasse who lost his home by 
ﬁre, night before last, is the owner of that wallet and the I E
silver ring—and the button and piece of cloth, too.

“And what does it all mean, if he is the owner of the
things?” she asked herself in some alarm; and she re-
plied to the question without hesitation.

“It means,” she murmured, “that somehow, Raoul de l‘
Morney did escape with his life. It means that he man-
aged to get ashore. It means that he saw that house‘
and broke his way into it. It means that when he found ‘~§§
it deserted, save by that little dog, he killed the dog and, 
afterward robbed the house at his leisure; and it means» 
that after he had robbed it, he set it aﬁre in order to
cover up what he had done. \

“Ah !” she exclaimed, after another pause; “it means
even more than that, too--it means a great deal more: ”
than that. It explains exactly how it all happened. Let"
me think. Let me think. Let me try to put myself 
Raoul’s place for a moment.

“Suppose he did escape—and now I know that he
did. Very well, he wassoaked to the skin. He had‘
probably lost his hat. More than likely he had thrown: j
away his outer clothing while he was in the water, and;
if that is so, he was practically naked when he ma
the shore. I 1

“Of course. That is it. And he had to have clot’
He had to escape somewhere, and he couldn't go in

 
    
       
 
 
     
     
  
   
    
   

  

  
  

  

stopped at the first house he came to, to rob it.
 he went inside. Probably he awakened r

  
    

   
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   

 

 

i, and by the actions of the dog he discovered that
‘owner of the house was not at home. Then he
H in and helped himself to the farmer’s clothing-
~ I he ’wanted; and he looked for things to steal; and
found the wallet, with one pocket ﬁlled with gold.
“And then he must have ﬁgured out that if Nick Car-
learned that he was alive, he would never be safe,
ss -so he just left his own clothes-—that is what he
.' left of them—in that house with the body of the
A  and then set it aﬁre and left.
"And now I can see through it a11—just as plain!
. nly! To be‘ sure.
‘How Raoul must have hated Nick when Nick ran
rm down and wrecked the Starlight—-and took me from
8 clutches. If I were a man I would be willing to bet
great deal that he shook his fist at our imaginary backs
I swore eternal vengeance upon all of us.
And then when he escaped; when he got safely away;
. he had provided himself with dry clothing-—
” r’s clothing—and lined his pockets with gold, I
almost see him as he hurried to the station to take
train for New York. Doubtless he passed—or dodged
‘ I Jacob Krasse on the road. And all the way to
York on the train the villain was meditating how
would get even with the people he hated—-and he
glut of a way.”
‘ ‘paused and put back a stray lock of hair from

p i is one thing that not even Nick thought
 she told herself, then. “He never once thought
.the.man who would dare‘ to visit his house. in the
' and commit such acts of vandalism, must have

positivedy that Nick Carter was not at home-—
i_  he could not get there in time to interfere.
‘out de“Momey was the one who did know both
farts.” - - '

CHAPTER VI.
 a'nmos Moan rucxous may now. "
 no time after she arrived at these conclu-
, swallowed her breakfast in haste, and then,
anoteforMissGlenninwhich she ex-4
 that she had suddenly been called away for the
 frornathe house, crossed the ferry as
‘A  had done a few hours ahead of_her, and
tratnﬁfor Greenport. She was only four hours
t, the detective himself, but she had no idea of
 had he. '
" ”s¥id-1°»: more thing
 p - ‘ .
 to remember that now she would be well
Gteenpanandshetlidnotfancythatpart of
 wenttothe ferry, she sought

0
gm -

before she crossed the

   

ﬂ .» II, |

{. f) 1...‘ ' .

 

 
 

NEW, . NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  

  

When she came forth again even Miss Carmen Glenn
would not have known her had she met her on the street.

The raven hair had disappeared, for it had been deftly
concealed beneath a matronly wig of gray blonde ar-
ranged in the hair-dresser’s‘ most masterly style. En-
amels and rogue, powders and pigments, pencils and
touches of other things here and there had so altered
her general appearance that, although a person might
have noticed some resemblance about her to the Clarice
whom we know, no one ‘would ever have taken her for
the genuine Clarice. ‘

She was quite proud of the achievement when she
looked at herself in the mirror before departing from the
hair—dresser’s rooms; and then, having paid the bill, she
hurried to the ferry and the station.

“Greenport!” called the brakeman at last; and she
descended to the platform of the station and looked
wonderingly about her, scarcely knowing what she
should do ﬁrst.

And then a happy thought struck her.

There were three hackmen—surreymen would be the
proper terrn—about the station, and, having selected
one who looked more intelligent than the others, she ap-
proached him.

“How much do you charge by the hour?” she asked.
“I wish to take a drive about the country near here.”

“A dollar and a half an hour, rna’am,” he replied.

"‘Véry good,” she said. “That will be satisfactory.
Do ydu know where Plum Island is?”

“Lord bless ye, ma’am, you can't drive to Plum Island.
There is half a mile or more uh water between that and
the p’int.” '

“What point?” she asked.

“Oyster Pond p’int, ma’am.”

“Very well, drive me out toward Oyster Pond point.
Do you know the road?”

“Know the road! I’ve lived along it all my life.”

“Do you know the people who live along the road?
That particular road, I mean?”

“Yep. All of them, from the grandpaps down.”

“Are there any places along there for sale, or to let?”

“I don’t think so.”. '

“Tell me the names of some of the people who live
along that road. I wish to be sure that I am going
in the right direction before I start,” she said.

“If you would tell me who you are looking for-——-”
he began; but she interrupted him.
“Answer my questions, please.”

“Well, there’: old Poppy Ingalls; there is Chris " 
.Christophcsen, and Jake Krasse, and Derick Vandeven- v '

’ deer, and--—” V

V ' “Oh, that will do. Drive that way, anyhow.  ‘ I I

{I may wish to go in another direction.” M _ _ p ,
c ’ ‘Mg hadaﬁxe   my nizht ‘before h‘st,".'..l_a§‘_

 

 

  

    
   
    
  
    
   
   
    
  
    
  
  
   
 
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
    

_ (1 toilet, looking back from the front seat of the sur-
“i'ey_as they were Cl!'lVlIlg out of the village.

‘Yes ?” she replied, as if she were not in the least
teiected. ‘

',‘_‘It_gvas down this road, too; toward the point.”
“Yes?” she repeated.

.‘“_'falre»Krasse was burnt out.”

}“Was he? Did he lose much?”

‘7 :,“Everything that was in the house——and, between you
 me, he must have had a lot. Some folks say that he
‘had saved up a lot, and that he kept it all in the house.
_ _ that is so, it must have been all burnt up. His dog
 burned, and --—”

'  did the house catch‘ ﬁre?” _

‘»‘That is the funny thing about it. Jake swears that
 wasn’t a mite of ﬁre in the house anywhere when
lileft it, and that he always keeps his matches in a
 tin box so that rats and mice can't get at ’em. He

ﬁrs that the house was set aﬁre.” '
“But who could have done such a thing?”

, Nobody, ma’am. It's all rot to say that it was Set
A Jake must have left some ﬁre around somewheres -
eg [it caught.. That's all about it.”

“Probably.” '
 drove on in silence after that, save for questions
_ _’ -- the surrounding country which Clarice asked now
  in ordentn keep. up her appearance; and, at
  came in sight of  of Jacob Krasse’s
still smoking bot.
to it, ,ma’am," said the voluble driver.
‘old Jake, standing there, looking at it.”
 the horses and let me get out,” said Clarice. “I
 to speak with him, poor man! I feel very
. 7for him. Wait here where you are, driver, and
. “icavwthe horses for a minute on any account. for
‘ d be in mortal terror lest they should go oﬁ and~
_I1s.here.", , . .
' _ 5wouldn’t be no fear of that, and———-”
, .  are that you remain here in charge of the
‘*e..i.e‘ gm sharply, ‘as if she were indeed ﬁdgety
them,‘ .‘'I have engaged you by the hour at one
_sndah,alfanhour,landIexpe_ct you to doas I
'  arc in my employ-” . .
, ﬁght, ma’am. I’ll stay, by the horses, all
 wouldn't start." That .03 one has to
 builtunder him before he'll start, some
$5334 one of fthe kind that stands without

“And

  

 
   
 

  

  

   for already sheyvas ap-7
  ﬁgure. of the man
 i \  ruins of his home, soabsorbed

    

   

 ‘"53 , . V ’ I New NICKI CARTER IWEIZKLY. -

P?

 
      

. 2 ,,~ -4.

7 

 

13h

stoop of his shoulders held something of sorrow in the 

droop of them.

And he started when the low, calm voice of Clarice
addressed him.

“I am very sorry for you, Mr. Krasse,” she said.

He looked at her with keen eyes, from beneath his
bushy brows, and then, with scant courtesy, he replied:

“I don’t know why you should be. I don't know you,
and I don’t see how you happen to know me.”

“I only know that you are Mr. Krasse, and that you
have met with a great loss. I repeat that I am very
sorry for you.”

“Thank you. I know that you mean kindly enough;
but all sorrow likes to be alone with its mourning, all
the same.”

“Please do not drive me away from you,” she said.
“I have some things that I want to say to you, Mr.
Krasse."

“Have you? I can’t imagine what it can be.”

“Will you tell me what you have lost besides the
house and the furniture?” she asked.

A cold smile crossed his face, and he replied:

“I lost some gold, if that interests you. After the
ruins have cooled off I will dig around there till I ﬁnd C
it. It couldn’t burn up. Do you want to know how
much there was in my hoard?”

“No. I have no interest whatever in the gold. I did
not mean gold, or the value of gold, when I asked you
what you had lost beside the house and the furniture.”

“No? Didn't you?‘ What did you mean?” '

>“You looked to me as if you had lost something that
was far more precious to you than gold; that is why I
asked.”

He started a little and looked at her keenly.

“Folks been talkin’ to you 3”’ he asked shortly.

“No,” she smiled -back at him. . U

Now, there was always something bewitching about 
the smile of Clarice, and even this.old man, older now,
than his years, troubled and suspicious, fell a victim to
that smile. ,

“There are some things in life, rna’a.m, that are more
precious than gold,” he said slowly. “Memory of 
you.have loved and lost is one of them. That house
was lined with memories. The walls were papered witlif
memories. The colors in the carpets sang memories to
me. The wind under the eaves and the raindrops on,
the roof whispered memories to me. I was a middle '
aged man when I married, and she who came to me was
yet‘a youngwornan; but she loved me, and I—I w
shiped her, madam. Everything in that house that has
been destroyed spoke to me of her. I could sit at 
ﬁreside atjnight and believe that she was withmep _
The people around ‘here think» that I am strangef
csuseI|;av,celuicso,toh¢rmenx:ry,butitha;¢

    e

 
       
      
     
       
     
    
     
    
     

     
  

       
  
  
    

    
  
  
  

     
    
     

   

at

   

    

y--this house which spoke to me so eloquently of
arr-—I am almost heartbroken.”
‘H “And there were things of hers, too, in the house,
etc there not?” asked Clarice, with tears in her own
es over the sorrow of the man.
“Aye,” he said. “Many of them. I used to take
out the blankets and air them, just as she used to do;
pnd I always aired her clothes, and folded them once in
a “while, just as I know that she would have done.
Losing the house and all her things in this way is al-
Qmost like the other great sorrow coming back to me
again.”
~ “And you had a little dog, too, didn’t you ?”

“Yes. Poor little Jim! He was burned to death in-
side the house-—because he couldn’t get out, I suppose,

matches covered, so’s the mice couldn’t get at them.
 that somebody broke into the house and set it
' re, and, if that is so, whoever did it had to kill Jim

orehe could go very far. And, besides, there is an-
if  thing that makes me thing it was the work of a
-kt.” ‘

A detective from New York was down here
two men. He caught one on ’em, but t’other fel-
got away. They said he was drowned, but I
-a he got away and crawled out along the beach
_,here. If that is so, he broke into my house,
_ ” it, and then set it aﬁre,” ,
‘f-Hrthat is so, Mr. Krasse, he probably found and stole
gold you mentioned.”
es,” replied the old man sadly. “But I could
if  gold-—about ﬁve hundred dollarsthere was-—
 he didn’t take something that was in the leather
‘V-«H with the gold.”
you tell me what that was, Mr. Krasse ?”
' . ‘It was her wedding-ring. When she died ‘she
‘me to promise to take it oﬁ her ﬁnger, and to
«always to remember her by, she said. It was
wallet with the gold. Maybe I'll ﬁnd it in the
along with the gold, and, although it will be
Itw-ill still be her ring; but somehow. I‘can’t
 idea that I have been robbed as well as
 and that the thief stole that ring with the
I  is why I am waiting here——-to search.
  ashes are cool enough.-”

   
   
 

 
 

  

 ‘5=a5‘i‘4¥ 5‘

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

’»  ngaydeino response to ,this;_but'

 

her skirt, opened it before his astonished eyes, and, with
the ring plainly in sight from where he stood, she ex-
tended it toward him.

CHAPTER VII.
CLARICE UPON THE TRAIL.

Clarice was to discover in that moment that he was
a strange character—this man with whom she had to
deal. I -

His ﬁrst expression when he saw the wallet was one
of intense astonishment, and in the midst of that he
seized upon the article that was extended to him, and
for a moment he stood like a statue, feasting his eyes

upon the silver ring it contained; but next he raised 

his eyes to hers, and there was
as he demanded:

“Where did you get this? Where, I say?”

Instead of replying directly to the question, she now
produced the bit of cloth and the button that Nick had
given her.

. “Are these yours, also?” she asked.

an angry ﬂash in them

“When you have answered my question, ma’am,” he -

responded quietly, “I will answer yours.”

“Will you listen to me quietly, without interruption,
until’ I have told you the whole story?” she asked him,
and he nodded his head in the affirmative.

- Then she produced the paper that had been sent to
her\, from Greenport, and she directed his attention to
the article it contained about him; and then she began
at the beginning and related the entire story just as it
had occurred, telling him that she ‘was the woman who
had been rescued from the motor-boat—relating, in fact,

the entire chain of her own cogitations on the subject , A

of the ring—until at last he began to nod with under-
standing. I

When she had ﬁnished he smiled at her for the first
time.

“You have made it all very clear to me, ma’am,” he
said then. “I cannot tell you how very grateful I am to
you for returning the ring. That bit of cloth has been
torn from my best Sunday coat; the button is from the
vest that goes with it. It is all good proof that the
man came here after he escaped from the water, and
that he first robbed my house and then burned it.”

“Yes,” she said. ”

. “UP in the village, at the I3hot°gT3Pher’S, there is all 

picture of me that was taken with that suit of clothes
on me,” he said. “Maybe that might help you in fol-
lowing the man. Doyou think so?” a
‘‘Yes; I think it would,” shereplied. V
—"‘Well, when you go back I will ride with you. We
will go to the photographer and get the picture. It  .
takcn,agoodmai:y‘years ago. I wasyounger 

4 I .,,.

     

 
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
 

        
     
  
 

  
 
      
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
      
     
    
  

:.,.. .

i  the picture of me that you want; it is the
picture, of the clothes. You wouldn’t believe it, maybe,

-“You need not come with me,” she said. “I will get
ithe.--picture. I would prefer that you do not accom-
pany me, for I don’t wish it known that I have been
 at all. I don’t wish it known that I am seeking
the man. Will you keep the secret?”

~: “Certainly, ma’am. Will you come here to see me
 some time, please? You have done me a great
deal of good to-day.’’

' “Yes; Some time I will come.” .

“I shall rebuild the house, just as it used to be,” he
Jﬁid dreamily. I ~

WHe gave his attention again to the smoking ruins,
(1 she turned silently away, entered the surrey, and
I driven back to the village, much to the astonish-
_ , tof the driver; but she quieted his remonstrances
by telling him that she would pay him for a full half-
dpy if he would take her to the photographer and then

  

It was almost dark when she was again in New York
, but she feltlgreatly elated by the result of the
y’s'work; and, having called Carmen Glenn —over the
A to tell her that she was all right and would be
hotneppresently, she went at once to the house of the

  

  

Joseph. greeted“ her at the door, without in the least
] ; who she was, for he'i- disguise was almost per-
httt he was accustomed to disguises, and when she
 her identity he showed not the least surprise,
ushered ‘her into the house, at the same time apolo-
I  condition it was in.

 that,”, she said to him. “Mr. Carter told
I  had at least one good look at the man who
, is liavoc, and that you thought he looked like a

 
 

  

  
 
     
  

cg: ‘réplieii Joseph. I “He had on a slouch«hat that

 
 

lthelights, Josephﬁpshevsaid. ,“I, have some-
I tovshoiwto y§ou.”p ,  T  '

“‘ ' gjandgshe ;1irodia¢ed the plmtosraph and
f he.:o§ked ,upon,it.he uttered an catchme-
\' :;.and[sa_id: ; I» r 
 iaF’is.%h:’.v¢*Y 3.13?“ '”

face?’   ‘ " ‘

 
     

yNEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

downover his eyes and his clothhs. were very

 enough  it
‘ .  B,“3‘~’5".,°"‘?.‘~3’ °‘-*‘°i." ‘Y3? .

    

   
 

> wine";

   

. 15.

“Joseph,” she said, “I want you to ﬁx your mind
directly upon the moment when you opened “this door in
reply to his ring at the bell.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“You must have seen past him into the street.
are trained to be observant.”

“Yes.”

“What did you see that was beyond the man——in the
street? Was there any sort of a conveyance at the
door waiting for him, or was there one in the act of
driving away? One that might have brought him
here?”

“Yes, ma’am; there was.”

“Describe it to me. Tell me about it.”

“It was a hansom, miss. It was just in the act of
turning away from the door when I admitted the man. .
I remember that I thought then that it had brought
him, and that I was on the point of telling him that he
had better call to.it to wait for him, since Mr. Car-
ter was not at home;‘but the next minute he was in-
side, _and then I was struck down.”

“Thank you, Joseph. That is all. I will go now.
You need not mention the fact that I have been here
until I give you permission to speak.”

She went away, and, ﬁnding a cab at the square, she '
had herself driven directly to the main oﬂices of the 5;;
New York Cab Company, for she argued to herself like '
this: .

“When De Morney arrived in the city he came via 4*
the Thirty-fourth Street Ferry—at least, that is the nat-
ural assumption. He took a cab, of course, for thle
reason that he wished to avoid observation as much
as possible. ' '

“On his way to the city in the train he had made his
plans for the wrecking of the home of the detective.
He argued to himself that Nick Carter was away; he
knew that Chick was with him, and either he knew‘ that
Patsy and Ten-Ichi were also absent, or he did not fear’
them. ~ "‘
“‘.At all events, it is certain that he decided to
directly to the detective’s house. «  I
I “Ndw, he appeared at the house at a quarter 
twelve, or near that time, and so he must have arrived
by the 11:30 train from Greenport. It is not likely”
that he would have taken the cab on the Brooklyn side"
of theferry, and therefore if I can discover what mhs.
were in waiting at the New —York side for arrivalsfrhris
that train I anrlikely among them to discover the par
ticular_ driver I wish to see.” I ’ .

Another person might have wondered what good
would do her, since Joseph had said that the cab,
the man, at the door and ‘drove away without
wasbyno.meanswtaiMha*¥*e1§a3d°neh19:= ,,

You

        
    
       
   
 

‘tr

      
    
     
 
    
    
      
  
  

     
  
  
     
  
 
 

    
  
   

  
 
   
  
   
  

  

    

, while awaiting the return of his fare. Anyhow,
Wishedtﬁ ﬁnd him, if possible.

When she entered the office of the cab company she
raid the clerk who was on duty:
“I wish to see a driver——if there is one about the
1 ble now——who was at the Manhattan side of the
lrty-fourth Street Ferry yesterday at the time of the
 arrival of passengers from the II :30 train on the Long
5 /land Railroad”. .
A "Burke!” called the clerk over her head; “this lady
ts to talk to you ;" and he turned to other duties,
_l'.Iile the man called Burke came forward, with his hat
lllhis hand. »
, He was a young Irishman, very much alert, with a
"kindly, pleasant face and shrewd eyes.
.~_ She drew him to one side, and then she asked him:
 Burkeywere you at the ferry at Thirty-fourth Street
bout half-past eleven yesterday?”
1".‘Yes, lna’am.” .
She hesitated for a moment,.— in doubt how to pro-’
' d; then she continued: M
There was a passenger who came over the ferry at
M t that time—between eleven and half—past———who
‘I a hansom and was driven to Madison Avenue, near
‘iyjenty-ninth Street. Here is a photograph of him——
’ least, it looks very much like him, enough so that you
— v ~recognize it if you had noticed the man. Look
and tell me ifyou saw him.”
Burke took the picture, looked at it, and shook, his

o, ma’anl,” he said. “I didn’t see the man. I had
,y for a passenger. She was among the first to
_‘oﬁ' the boat, 'you know.” -
suppose,” said Clarice, “that you personally know
the drivers who were there at that time, don’t you?”
A ‘ell, I know who they are, rna’am.”

af  will find meithe man who had that passen-
"Iefer to I will give you ﬁve dollars.”
uhll’ said Burke. “That is dead easy.
~ ‘here 3 minute?” .

 and he disappeared._ After ﬁfteen min"-

Will you

‘Butif you are willing to pay for the hire of a
 while I tliink ; can find him for you.”

the was getting intothe cab Burke said to her:
‘ --v ,of two. drivers who were there with han-
don’t drive for this company, lady, and more’n
he one uh them. ‘We will go to the most
 Ito: sure Mike O’Toole is the divil him-
 ieresxaway from the others." '

‘  to Tfwenty-second Street, on the East
’ Q"!‘<.>o!l=.was soim

    
  

    

     

  

  

NEW’ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 any of our cabs that had him, lady,” he ,

found. an,d,_1the 

   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
    
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
 

“Sure! I had him—-—and a divil he was for chucklin’,
too.” ,

“Where did you. take him?” asked Clarice; and
O’Toole gave the address of Nick Carter’s house.

“I suppose he sent you away then, telling you not
to wait for him, did he not?” asked Clarice.

“He did not. Sure, he told me to drive to the next
corner and wait there for him; and it was what I did.
Is it asking me to tell you all I know about him that
you're doing, lady?”

“Yes; and here is something for your trouble,” and
she pressed a bill into his hand.

“Sure, lady, that makes my memory good, so it does.
Well, I waited for him at the corner, as he told me to
do. It was a quarter to twelve when he got out of the
cab; it was a quarter to one when he got back into it,
so he was gone exactly an hour.”

“Where did you take him then?”

“To Paddy the Pig’s.”

“Where is that?”

“Sure, it is Paddy O’Brien. He’s on Sixth Avenue.

It’s a saloon, 1ady~—not the sort of a place where the

likes of you would care to go, lady.”

“Do you remember what time it was when you left
him there, O’Toole ?” .

“I do that. I have to put down me time on a pad
that I carry. I didn’t hurry after I took him into the
cabﬁagain. It was ten minutes past one when I left him
at sPaddy’s.”

‘lfls that all that you know about him?”

‘\_It is, lady.”

It was now eight_o’clock in the evening, and Clarice
was both tired and hungry, so she directed Burke to
take her home; but as she dismissed him, after paying
him for his services, she said to him:

“Burke, I want you to come here after me with a
coupe’ at one o’clock to-morrow; and in the meantime
you are to say nothing whatever about this aﬁair. Good
night.”

» CHAPTER VIII.
THE WOMAN DETECTIVE IN PERIL.

We will return to Nick Carter himself after a little,
but just now it is our duty to continue with Clarice,
f0!"tlllS was really her first case~—-her first case as a
detective.

She believed that she must be very systematic in her.

work, too, and before she retired to rest that night she

went carefully over everything that had happened to‘

her that day.

And she was not without some self-congratulation for _.

the success of her eﬁorts. _ ~

,  sltthad deﬁnitely established. the fact that Raoul  

   

 

 
 

    
 
 
 

 
   

NEW

_. y had not been drowned; that he still lived, and
E‘ as much a menace to her personally as ever.
3s,Strangely enough, with all her shrewdness, it did not
» al once occur to her that one of the ﬁrst things he would
‘ do would be to place a watch on the house where she
ved,~ in order that he might lay his plans for getting
her once more into his power. She did not think of her
owrfjkrsonal danger in the matter at all. She was so
absorbed by what she was accomplishing that she forgot
7'_ all else.

‘ ,Burke came for her at one o'clock the following day,
as he had been directed to do; and now, without any
disguise whatever—for she did not suppose that she
would require one in what she had to do this day-she
told‘ him to take her directly to Paddy O’Brien’s.
Burke looked rather astonished. He hesitated. Then

  

  

“Sure, lady, you don't want to go there, do you?”

,_ _“I certainly do,” she replied.

“Well, it ain't the place for the likes of you, beggin’
your pardon for me boldness in saying it, lady.”

M "'1 don't intend to go inside,” she said. “You will do
 t for me. O'Toole said that it was a‘ saloon, didn’t

   
 
  
    
   
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
    
      
   
    
   
      

e did. It is. Faith, and it's more than that, too.
y’s all right. He's a white man, and he sticks by
friends through thick and thin; but I ain’t sayin’
amch for some of that same who are his friends.
no place for you, lady.”' V

s not the same bartender ‘who was there yesterday
‘this hour likelyto be there now?” she asked.

‘’‘He is.” . I

;’{Couldn’t you bring him out to the cab to talk to me P"
 could, sure; but he would tell ye nothing.”
‘Wouldn't he talk to me?” '

at a wcrrud that you'd want to hear, or care to
And if hevtold ye anything about the man you’re
, sure, it would be all lies.”

on mean that he would be afraid of betraying one

‘friends?’ ‘ ' ~

 same-—or one of his customers. Sure, it’s all
 thing. He'd say that he did not know the
at all, at all, even if the spalpeen was leanin’ over
far at that blessed minute and drinkin’ wid him.”

' ‘nu what am I to do? I want to trace that man’.
‘ Itoﬁnd out where he went and to follow him.”

I  you a question, lady?”
97 .

  

  

  

  

  

reigned  .
, jlmow‘ at Paddy’s that he’s a crook ?_”
 I 'er heard‘ of the place until last

     

'-.~4 ,'a“ 1...

HNIICKV CARTER EWEEKLY. .

, now.

    
    
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
    

,..y,, ..

there call the bartender out. Tell him that a lady wants
to talk to him. Perhaps he will come.” -

“Sure he’ll come out. Faith, we couldn’t hold him
when he knows that a lady wants him; but if there was
a hundred of him, and each av him came out a hundred
times, sure he'd tell ye nothin' that ye wanted to know.
However, we’ll go there and‘see what comes of it.”

“We can, at least, make the trial,” she said.

V\'hen the coupe stopped in front of the door of the
saloon Clarice looked at her watch, and discovered that
it was exactly at the hour at which O'Toole had left
De Morney there, if he had been correct in his relation
of the time. Burke leaned in at the window of the
carriage before he entered the saloon, and he said to
her:

“Sure, there is wan gentleman in the place. That
isn’t sayin’ that they're not all like him, but I happen
to know that wan. His name’s Ed. If he’s there——-
which isn’t likely, because he works nights—I’1l call him
out; and with your leave, lady, I’ll stay inside meself
while he’s out here, just to hear what the others’ll be
sayin’ during the time of it.”

A moment later Clarice sa\v rather a handsome face
at the window of the coupe, and a pleasant voice said
to her: ,

“Did you wish to speak to me, madam?” ;

“Yes,” she replied, throwing one of her bewitching 
smiles upon him. “Pardon me, but is your name Ed?
I heard no other name, so I am obliged to make use of ,
that one,” and she smiled upon him again. :3

He was visibly affected by her beauty, by her soft
voice, and by that matchless smile of hers, which none
could resist, and he replied: ;;

“I am Ed. Vl/hat can I do for you, madam?” 3

“Were you here _vesterday—no; the day before yes-
terday, I mean—at this hour?” she asked.

“If you had stuck to your first question,” he smiled
back at her, “I should have been forced to say no, but,
as it is, I can answer yes. I was here at this hour the
day before yesterday."

“There was a man who entered that saloon at ten
minutes past one on that day,” she said. “I want to
know if you saw him, if you know him, and if you can
give me any idea where he can be found now.” ‘

“Ed” laughed somewhat uneasily; then, with startling
frankness, he replied:

-“No, madam, I didinot see him, I do not know him,
and I have not the least idea where he can be found -

.1 

 

Clarice opened her eyes in amazement at this ready I
response: then she exclaimed:

“But, you do not know to whom I am referring!”

“No; but the answerwould be the same. That is why‘
I made it as I did. I would even prefer that you should

   
 

   
     
       

not describethemantolme.”

_ B

  
 
 
  

one would suppose~———” she began; but be inter-
pted her. .

“What one should suppose,” he said, “is that one of
g e first principles of our business is never to give in-
 about our customers. If we did that we
 soon have no customers at.a1l. I can make only
 suggestion to you.”

' £,“Will you tell me what that is?”

. r‘.‘If the man you seek came here the day before yes-
terday at this time of the day he is likely to come here
 If you should keep a watch on the front door,

Then you could
have him followed. W,ill you excuse me now ?”
?,l”{ivr“Wait a moment,”-. she said. “I want you to look at
She thrust the photograph into his hand before he
*'\\tas> conscious of what she did, and she watched him
 as his eyes fell upon the card. _
observe that you did see him,” she said quietly.
‘Yes,” he replied, returning the picture. “I was here
 he came. I have no interest in the man. I know
 about him at all save that he has visited the
in  several times; but I can honestly say to you that
‘know nothing more than that about him?’

JV-Ie was silent a moment, and then he added:

“I do not like the man. There is nobody here who
any particular love for him. He has not been ex-
- on the square with all his friends, I have been told.
' knew anything about this man I think I would be
‘,to tell you. ‘If I knew what your interest in him

9!

   
    
  
  
  
 

rstopped, and she bit her lip. Then the eternal

” ledito his chivalry--and she won him.

jsvvmx husban ,” she said, with perfect truth. “I
to ﬁnd him." -—

_,g  husband! That seoundrel? I beg your par-

ﬂq‘  isexactly what he is,-madam. Pardon me,

  
 
 
  
     

- g  ‘am of the Motor"-boat.’ "
  do know‘him. Madam, I am

   

: j: V _' ‘ ‘suddenly’ in what"  was about ‘to say,
4   start,  that‘ her eyes were looking
a  :9  V91’? ‘l“,i°§lY5._

 13 $4.’ for your éomtesr

e-as  e e  

 
 
  

 

  
   
 

by NEW. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 came to her rescue, and by a word, almost, she‘

 de Morney. He is a French. count. He‘

“Then you will not need me further, madam?”

“No. Thank you again.”

He was turning'away, when he paused suddenly and -
returned to the window.

“You say that the man is your husband, and I do
not doubt you, although I am sorry that it is so,” he
said. _ “But do you know much about him ?”

“Yes,” she replied.

“Then perhaps it is unnecessary for me to tell you
that he is a dangerous man. I happen to know that
much. I should advise you to beware of him. I should
advise you to return to your home,‘or wherever you are

staying, and send some man out to ﬁnd him, instead of ‘

Good-by.”

He raised his hat and turned away.
he entered the saloon and disappeared.

And then Clarice was in doubt what was best to do.
She wished that Burke would return, but when minute
after minute passed and he did not come she became
very nervous.

Ten, ﬁfteen minutes passed, and she was about to
leave the coupé, when the door of the saloon was thrown
open, and Burke——as she supposed-—dashed outside, ran
to the coupé, leaped upon the box without a word to her,‘
and, seizing the reins, drove rapidly away.

Clarice was astonished. She was also somewhat
frightened. _

[Her ﬁrst thought was that Burke had got into trouble
inside the saloon and had been driven from it by De

making the search yourself.
A moment later

    
   
   
   
  
    
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
  

nq. _

Momey himself; and she was dimly conscious of the — 

fact that others had appeared at the door after hirn—
one, a man without coat or hat, who also looked strangely
like Burke in the one glance, she had of him, and an-
other the man “Ed” who.had talked so courteously with
her. I -

Her idea was that they were in pursuit of Burke, who-

was now on the box and driving like mad through the '

streets, as if he feared pursuit, so she sat perfectly still
and waited. ,-

They turned into Thirty-seventh Street, going west,
They crossed Broadway, and from there to Seventh
Avenue the coupe swayed from side to side with the '
speed it was put to.

Through Seventh Avenue they sped to Thirty-eighth 
Street, where they again turned toward the eastward,‘ it

but only a short distance. _ V‘..-
The coupé was driven up close to the curb and 
to astop. l _ _ 
‘Clarice heard Burke, as she supposed, leap to
ground, and the next instant his face appeared at the
winr,1°w- *   

 

 that.‘ peered in

&indow~ of the mi  Burke} it‘.

she  herself and uttered‘ a cry or  _
i I her through the -
wg 

I

    

1

.-;V¢:»!,. $75.; ..a _ I

     

‘.:v‘..‘-

  
      
  
     
 
       
     
   
  

    

«= " ey himself, alert, cool, handsome, implacable, sneer-
‘ H —triumphant.

9 He wore Burke’s coat and Burke’s tall hat, and he
elarried’-iBurke’s whip; but otherwise he was plainly the
, Ccunt De Morney, and she wondered, even in that in-
, 'stan_t,_ how she could have been deceived for a moment.
She parted her lips to utter a scream, but already he
' tithe door of the coupé open in his grasp, and before
. he could utter a sound he reached inside and seized her
by the throat.

  

  

CHAPTER IX.
A DANGEROUS MAN TO MEET.

Clarice was conscious of attempting to cry'out her
hlarm, and of being unable to do so because of the clutch-
ing ﬁngers that were about her throat.

She struggled, but she was like a babe in the grasp
bf the man who had seized her, and she remembered
ﬂxmly, even at that moment, his great strength, his dare-
 propensities, his implacable and relentless spirit
evil. .-

  

- which she judged to lead to the front door of _a
. She knew, also, that the horse started on again
«A» the street.
Yilb hand was still at her throat, and she was rapidly
m» eonsciousnéss; and then it occurred to her that if
pretended that she had fiinted he would cease to
 her.
if ith this idea in mind she ceased her struggles and
a - her form to relax in his grasp, just at the
. moment when the door of the house opened and
~ - ‘behind her, and she realized that she was once
 -in the power of her husband.
_ i I How she hated the word. It had no mean-
_ at all, save of terror. 'Terror'and horror.
 her into a room that opened from the hall
‘S  which was dark, for the blinds were closed and
 were drawn.
felt that she was put down upon some sort of a
. ajgdthat -‘he wasvstanding over her, looking down
‘flier in the dim, uncertain light, for there was very
 in  room, only that which came .in through
' door.
 eyes closed, although she was obliged to
 j;  when he called her by name she. made no
hoping that he wiadid believe, in the darkness, that

  

  
 

  

   

 
 
  

   
 

  

A  so believe, for after a moment he left
jaklle land crossed to one of the windows,

'tl:eeirrta‘ina;ideiand opened the slats of
 ’ if todiscover. iihe were

I

NEW , NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  
   

The room smelled musty, as if it had been a long
time closed and unused, and she dared to open her eyes
half—way and peer around her.

She saw very little, next to nothing at all.

It was just an ordinary room, very plainly furnished.
The carpet was wom almost threadbare; the few chairs
that she could see were in even a worse condition; the ,
walls were bare. Evidently it was an untenanted house, .4;
partly furnished: 9

Then she heard him approaching her again, and she 2%
closed her eyes resolutely and held her breath, all save ‘
the faintest possible respiration. 

“Clarice,” he said softly. ;

She did not reply.

“Clarice,” he repeated.

He bent down then and placed his head close to her
lips, and she held her breath while he did so. Then he
raised one of her hands and felt of her pulse. .

The act almost drew a responsive shudder from her, L:
but she controlled the impulse. Then he dropped her xi
hand again beside her and stood up straight.

“She will come around in a few moments," she heard
him say; and then, for the second time, he left her side,
and this time he passed from the room into the hall,
softly closing the door after him. '

Instantly she started to her feet and ﬂew to the door,
where she placed one ear against it and listened.

But she could hear nothing at all. If he were doing
anything he did it silently.

She waited a considerable time, and then, no sound
coming to her, she turned the knob of the door and tried .
to open it-—but only to discover that he had turned a
key that was at the opposite side, and that she was
locked in the room.

Again she listened, and again no sound coming to her
from beyond the door, she turned and looked rapidly
around her to ﬁnd some means of escape.

The room was quite dark now, but her eyes had be-
come accustomed to it, and, moreover, there was the ,_
faintest suggestion of a gleam that stole in at one of the - ;:
windows where the curtain that covered it was partly
torn. .
Instantly she crossed the room to that window, and in
going she seized a chair and carried it with her.

VVith one hand upon the curtain, she hesitated. She i
knew that the roller would make a sharp and sudden
sound if _she should release the spring to /raise the cur-
tain. , V ,1

She remembered in that moment that burglars, when
they are entering a house and ﬁnd themselves confronted."
by a curtain, cut it across with a sharp knife in prefer-';
ence to raising it. She had no knife at her disposal—-“- 
nor any other weapon, intact, which she now regretted T
—4—but she possessed an expedient. It was a woman’: hit

    
    
 

  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
 

 

    
     
    
       
 
     
     
     
    
 
      
    

 
   
     
        
    
     
    
       
       
  

  
   

   
 

  

  

  

  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
  
  
     
   
   
  
     
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   

 

She leaped upon the chair. She folded the curtain
‘against itself and pinned it, so that the lower half
oijthe blind was exposed. A

T, To unfasten the catch was the work of an instant.
When she drew back the shutter a ﬂood of light rushed
Into the room, almost blinding her for an instant-—and
ahegsaw that two men were at that instant approaching
house along the street «that they were, in fact, al-
most in the act of passing it.

Then she gasped, for she recognized both of them.
«One was Burke, still without coat or hat; the other
the man “Ed” with whom she had talked in front
6 "the saloon on Sixtth Avenue.

‘Her lips parted to call to them, when she realized that
they would not hear her.

She raised one hand to pound upon the window-pane,
en she realized that her captor would assuredly hear
sound.

_Then she seized the half—moon catch of the window at
 top of the sash and with feverish haste pushed it

I. , ortunately, it swung easily from its place, and, with
ﬂnsost a cry of gladness, she applied ‘her strength to the
“window in an eﬁort to raise it.

It would not move at all, and she was almost in des-
 ,.when she saw that a nail had been driven into the
: above the sash at the side.

She seized it. It came out readily in her grasp. It
V‘ only an extra fastening, long in use evidently, so
had worn a hole of its own in the wood.

Agni; she applied her strength to the window, and
 it yielded. a

 window shot upward; the weights inside the
S  together noisily; the window creaked
agrosned terribly--and at the same instant she heard
 her which she knew, was made by the
-: of the key in the lock of the door through which
 was seeking to return to her.
tthewindowwasup. Thewayofescapewasopen
L. i bet. Bnrkeand "Ed” were now directly in front
 house, so rapidly had she worked at gettting

. Sheplaeedonefootuponthesillofthe

.. She drew up the other  For a fraction

iaégaatogiyshepoisedtnerei

x«l”,shecalled. “Ed!” ' A

the imnped. , .

 at her call. They saw her leap through

  of the area below, a sheer’ fall
 Iheysawtwoarmsoutstretched

 in

  

  

   5is,'hd'i°¢ mused‘

  
  
 

 

 

t t  ’ New NICK ‘ CARTER WEEKLY.‘

  twistedinto a rope.

 

 

' . :~1w+:.1.v,»1.,v-";‘v*.‘e~rs=‘. 2%
” '‘‘''‘  
. , ,, , . 

,3

Clarice was slowly and somewhat painfully rising to
her feet again after the fall; the two men to whom she
had called were running toward her.

De Morney placed one hand upon the sill of the win-
dow and sprang lightly through the opening. Even now
he was not daunted in his determination to keep posses-
sion of her.

He alighted beside her just at the instant she regained
her feet, and he reached out his hand to seize her, when
he was seized from behind.

In an instant he turned upon his assailant, who was
Burke, and, grasping him around the body»—for he was _,
too close at hand to strike with any effect —he lifted him
clear of? his feet and‘ ﬂung him against the iron railing
that was around the areaway.

Burke fell senseless to the ground, but even as he
did so “Ed” ﬂung himself upon De Momey, striking ‘
out with his ﬁsts and crying out as he did 50:

“Run, madam, run!”

Clarice did not need a second bidding. She ran.

She knew that the men were ﬁghting ﬁercely together,
but she could see others approaching the scene of the
fray. Her only thought was to escape from De Momey.

A policeman was approaching her, and she ran directly
to him.

“Get behind me! Quick!” she heard him say, and as
she obeyed him she saw that in some way De Momey
had gotten rid of “Ed” and had not hesitated to tackle»
the arm of the law in the person of the policeman in his S
 and chagrin. '

 She saw that De Morney’s nose was bleeding where
‘{‘lZd" had struck him, and over the two men who had
already grappled she saw “Ed” running toward them,
with blood on his face, as well.

Then, before “Ed” could arrive upon the scene, the
policeman uttered a groan and fell to the ﬂagged walk,
and De Momey leaped away from his latest victim,"
dashed up the steps of the house from which she had
so lately escaped, leaped from the steps to the window-
sill, sprang inside, closed the window after him, and so
disappeared.

She found herself-—she scarcely knew how—assisting '
the officer to his feet; she saw that he was bleeding and 
that he was very pale; but he had courage, too. ’ S’

Pushing her aside, he rapped with his club for assist; ,
ance. Then he called to the men who had rushed to 
scene to assist him, and he led the way up the steps to .
the door of the house. ‘ S

“Batter it in!” he ordered. “The fellow cut _
Somebody tie my arm up, so that I can help. It is 0:11
a cut. Stop the bleeding, if you can.” V

He managed to throw off his coat, and it was 
who seized a handkerchief from one of the men, whidr

 
    
       
      
        
    

   

      
    

   

  

1:: f11s.!n¢=sI§i§1§.‘w“i‘‘1d’'e.h3d.f89P¥°ach°de and 

rm‘ 

   
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
     
   
   
   
 
   
     
   
  
  
  
 

‘ the twisted handkerchief from her grasp and wound
tightly around the oﬁ’icer’s arm, using a pencil from
own pocket as a tourniquet to draw it tight.
Somebody had brought an ax in the meantime, and
! dy the door was yielding to the attack upon it; and
as the policeman’s arm was in shape again it fell
@611 with a crash, and the crowd, one man after another,
, -v « inside the house.
" Izrthe meantime two more policemen had arrived on
' + «Scene, and now they swarmed into the deserted
~ , while the one who had been wounded leaned back
the railing of the steps, pale and weak from the
, r of‘ blood.
”"“Gee, but he was~a vicious brute!” he said weakly.
m - was he, lady ?”
"Bill of the Motor-boat,” she replied, quickly realizing
that name was known to the police.
 Gee! Is that so? Thunder l” and, forgetting his
 C d, be also dashed into the house.
ut the oﬂicers and their "willing helpers only had
trouble for their pains. Their prey had left by
” - of the roof, and it was evident that he had already
"wn a sure way of escape, for, although the block
"searched from end to end, not a trace of him was

e had managed to make good his escape.
v-' Clarice  to “Ed” and to Burke,
I ;got to his ‘feet again.

J don’t know how I can thank you enough,” she said
Hem. “But for you—but for your aid I don’t know
‘ light have happened to me, gentlemen.”

0,” said Buike. “You'd have been murdered-

who had

” 4 I” said “Ed” quietly, “unless ‘you are very care-
if

a~—

ﬁnd,’-’~ she said, interrupting him. “I will be care-

 

: , -.~_.Cl-IAPTER x. I
g ‘ rm: or-menu. one-xirr. ,
_ usefulness seems 10  about over,” said Clarice,
upon Niekcarter that evening. for he had quite
..s , appeared at her‘ home and was seated in
 He had just-entered, and they

\

   about the events that

= Jsinee their parting. “I thought you were
she added. f _ .
go;a.¢e,". replied the detective. .r“I went to
indeed?‘

  

  

cl) you make any discoveries ?”

ughing. ‘?Se.\reraL” ,
 as to tell  what they

in

     
  

     
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘an

not drowned; that he made his escape from the water,
and that he committed some havoc in the country around
there before he took a train for New York, where he
made his ﬁrst call at my house.”

“Yes?” said Clarice.

“I discovered, also, that a very charming woman with
blond gray hair, although with a very young face, had
also been to Greenport, and had returned to a certain
Jacob Krasse a wedding~ring that he had lost. I have
been wondering ever since who that young-old lady
could be.”

“As if you did not know.”

“How in the world did you do it, Clarice? How did
you know so much that you went directly to him and
found out much of the truth even before I had got upon
the right track? And I was on the ground hours before
you were, toff’

“I knew who I was going to see before I left the
city,” she replied. “I went there purposely to call upon
Mr. Krasse.” ‘

“He told me about the paper you showed him——with
the account of the burning of his house; but how did
you connect him with the ring?”

“His name is Jacob.”

“So it is.”

Then, from the beginning, Clarice told the detective
everything that had happened, and he listened to her in
utter amazement.

“You certainly are a detective—a natural detective.”
he said when she had ﬁnished. “You did mighty good
work, too, in tracing him by means of the cab—driver,
although it was somewhat risky to follow him to a sa-
loon; don’t you think so?”

“It proved so—certainly.”

“Well, Clarice, I want you to turn over the entire case
to me now. You have done your part, and I don’t wish
you to attempt to do any more. There is only one thing
for you to do now—-at least, until I have landed De
Momey safely behind the bars.”

“What is that?” .

“It is to remain religiously inside this house until I
give you permission to go outside of it. De Morney is
a constant menace to you. He is an ever-threatening

danger to you. He means to inﬂict deﬁnite harm upon  

you, and in the event of his failure to capture you and

"take you away somewhere he will not hesitate to—it is _ '

a hard word, but you have the courage to hear’ it-—to
murder you.”
“I know it. I am quite sure of it,” she replied.

5??»

 

 

 
      

“The man is desperate now. He knows that he has '—»i"V'lii‘i

confcssedhis crime in France; he knows that he will
again»

haveshort shift if ever I get my hands upon him
and he will not hesitate at anything now.”

‘fYou are right about that.”

'44"
ml»

..,.

  ’\ 1‘ l" --_,

 
    
       
 
 

      
   
   
  
 
    
   
   
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
  

father. When I have captured De Morney it will not
be very long before he is taken to France to answer
there for his crime.”
 “You will ﬁnd him a hard man to catch, Mr. Carter.
He did not hesitate to-day to attack two men at once,
and then, when he knew that others were near to inter-
fere, he did not hesitate to stab a policeman.”
“I know. We will not discuss that. The point is,
Will you do as I request?”
“About remaining indoors?”
.“Yes. Absolutely so.”
. “Yes. I think so.”
.“I want you to promise me.”

' “Very well. I promise.” _

V She was silent for a’ moment, and then she said de-
I murely:
‘' “Is not mine a strange position for a woman to be

placed in? I am,.a wife without being a wife at all. I
have a husband who is not a husband at all. I sit here
and plot against a man whom the law and the church
which married say I must cleave to all my life, and my
most fervent wish is that he may be brought to his just
,deserts and made to answer for tht? crimes he has com-
,mitt=¢¢”

 _‘fYours is an unusual case, Clarice," said Nick. “But
_ ’ all come right in the end.”

i “It is very wicked, is it not, to wish for the death
ofgany man? How much more so must it be, then, to
desire the death of one’s husband. I am, truly, very
 But I do. I wish with all my heart that he
‘ ‘were dead; and until I know that he is I shall not feel
that my own life is worth a day's purchase.”

. He was silent, ‘and she added:
."Tell me what you are going to do now, Nick?”
‘The name slipped out before she was aware of it, for
3133 always thought of the detective by his given name;
she always spoke of him so when she communed with
herself, and she blushed vividly.
” ~“Oh, forgive me!" she exclaimed.

f‘If you will always address me in that way-—yes,” he
 And their, before she could make anotheg, re-
 he went on rapidly:
‘.‘I don't know exactly what I shall do now. I shall
m to ﬁnd De Morney and arrest him, of course;
ifyyou ask me just how I shall proceed about it I
 answer.” * ,
e rose then to take his leave, and she followed him

   
  

   

  

   

”" she said‘ as they were

g ‘You are in greater danger than I-Nick.”

 _i possibly; but;I am used to danger," he smiled
  is the spice of my life, you know.

    
  

 

   

 ‘*3 W’  st‘  “*1--- '  *

the street above it, where he found a man standing idly
gazing about him, as if he were waiting for somebody to
appear. -

“All right, Terry,” said the detective. “I came to see
that you were at your post. Did the inspector tell you ‘
exactly what I wish you to do P”

“I am to watch the house, sir; that is all, isn’t it?
And to stop anybody who attempts to visit it, no matter
who they may be?”

“Yes. Find out exactly who every person is who
attempts to enter that house, day or night, until you are
called off the job. You must use your own judgment as
to who you let pass without much question. Good
night.” ‘I

He turned then and went to the other comer, the one
below the house, and there he found a second man, also
sent from headquarters at his request, whose duties were
to be the same.

‘- From there he returned to his own house, where, after
a word or two with Joseph, he went out again, saying
as he was leaving:

“A regular drag-net is to be put out to-night, accord-
ing to the -methods of the regular police, Joseph. I have
never tried it myself, but if De Momey is in the city he
must be found. I will return about daylight, or a little
before. Good night.”

The “drag-net” to which he referred was a method
which the police have of running a man to earth and
capturing him when haste is necessary and when there
seems to be no definite method of ﬁnding him by stealth.

For example, if De Morney had been a criminal who
was well known in New York he would have had cer- 
tain resorts which he frequented, and through one of F
these it might hiive been possible to get upon his track.
either through ﬁnding and following him, or by dogging‘ '
the footsteps of one of his associates. 1

But “Bill of the Motor-boat" had no associates-—at if
least, none who were known— in the city of New York. I"
The usual methods would not avail as against him, and I
so the “drag-net” was to be put out against him. M
In an expedition of this kind every precinct in the city L
assists. .§

All the extra men, and always the best men, are de- 
tailed by each captain to search through his particular 
precinct, house to house, almost, and to go into every"
resort where a criminal may conceal himself.

Every “stool-pigeon” is warned that he is to assist;“_
every known criminal who is at the moment at liberty »-
and who can be communicated with is warned that if’
he loves his liberty he had better assist in the good 
.also.

At eleven o'clock the game begins; the extras go out
they enter saloons; they visit at every conceivable p
where crooks are known to congregate, or where‘ --

‘ﬁxes, ‘Tf.ar.:nt.xh.‘:  “=m'.;aa...+.is.t._.:..... 

     

1
ii

      
     
      
 

       
     
   
    

  
     
      
  
      
 
 

   
     
 
   
  
    
    

1 .

i . 5

 -t-r
t

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 

other from different sides and diﬁerent ends of the
as ct or district they are searching; and this is going
1 over the city at the same time; from oneend of
metropolis to the other during the same hours.
_t_ is like the teeth of a’ line-tooth comb raking the
;—-and few there are who get through it unques-
-' and unexamined if the policemen are in earnest
it, and if they “haul the drag-net” seriously and
. y_ .
, ertheless, there are those who are suﬂiciently
-; even without assistance, to get through the
« of this net and make their escape, just as there
criminals «who are never caught at all and who die
their beds at the last without ever having seen the
~ of a prison from the inside.
_ The detective went at once to headquarters, where he
‘F [fresently closeted with the inspector, and from
oﬁioe the arrangements {or the night were to be
i d; and he thought——he believed, indeed—that he
 sulﬁcient safeguards around Clarice to insure
"kitty-
«pr although he had pretended that her telling of her
- was the first information he had on the sub-
_ fthe events of the day, he was, nevertheless, fully
 them before he went to see her—and he knew
this night to come she would be in danger from
jlnshand of hers, if ever there was a time when he

, ‘daring ofvtheman was phenomenal. He seemed

 hesitate at anything, no matter how foolhardy it

be;-if it were necessary to carry his point.

noon as he arrived at headquarters and closed the
 private oﬁice behind him he went to the tele-

and called up Clarice, and when she answered he

‘Clarice!  is Nick. ‘I thought it would be
 know where I will be for some time to

 
 
  
  

‘   If you»-iaouid happenato

 

\

 

Iliivi =j'.' » J ’- ,

fwillhnvetodotogttmcwillbetotakethe‘
  when answers any
 Thenaslc

2

  
 
 
 
 
   

re.

   

  

NEVV NICK CARTERWVEEKLY.

',.un, saw any  do_n’t hesitate to call

 .: i<>a~be.liev¢-
‘ shut, and my head aches terribly."

23

“I’ll think about it,” she said, and left the telephone.

But at half-past two o’clock in the morning, when the
last fruitless report from the “drag-net” was received,
Nick Carter suddenly remembered that Clarice had not
called him up over the phone to say “good night.”

CHAPTER XI.
rue LOST TRAIL.

He did not mention the sudden fear with which this
recollection had filled him, but he parted with the in-
spector rather hastily, and, instead of directing the cab-
man who was awaiting to take him to his home, he told
him the address of the house where Clarice lived.

“I don't think much of your ‘drag-net’ business,” he
said at parting. “However, because it has failed this
time it does not follow, of course, that it always fails.”

He stopped the cab at a point some distance from
Miss Glenn's house and walked the rest of the way, for
his ﬁrst desire was to see and talk with the two men
he had left on guard.

But he found very soon that they were both _missing—‘
both gone.

Thoroughly astonished at this, he hurried to the house,
and paused for a moment in front of it while he asked
himself if he would do right in rousing, and perhaps
startling, them all at that hour of the night.

He was forced to ring the bell several times before
he received a reply, and then at last the butler came to,
the door, yawning prodigiously, and he peered cautiously
through a crack at the detective while he inquired what
was wanted.

But he recognized who his caller was, and opened the

door to admit him.

“Has anything happened here to-night ?” asked Nick. I

“.No, sir.” I
“I did not hear you take down the chainébolt before‘

you opened the door. Did you forget to put it up before .

you went to bed?”
4 "It seems to be broken, Mr. Carter,” was the reply.
“I felt for it, but—--” 

“Broken? Let me see it." ‘ "  ,

Thenierest glance told the detective that the chain

had been cut, and not broken, and he turned again to
“Somebody has been here, Pauli Somebody has 

ter-ed the house since you retired. What is the ‘matter
with you?-‘Why are-you yawningso prodigionsly?”
.“I don't know, sir. I can’t seem to keep memoutlx

“_Phnl,.yonhavebeendrng'g_ed. Ieansrneﬂtiae

  

 

  
 
 
 
      

   

 

»i—‘—turn on the lights——wake_ her up, if she is there.
.‘’Hurry !” '

haste; but inside of two minutes he was back again.
w“‘She isn’t there!” he gasped. “The room is in dis-
order! I don’t know what has -—-—”

. But Nick did not hear all that he said, for already he
 half—way up the stairs, taking two at a time——and
~.Paul followed him. ‘

.v’.“‘G0 and wake your mistress—wake _ Miss Glenn,”
 said to him. “Ask her to come to me here as
 as she can. Don’t tell her what has happened, for
it we don’t exactly know yet what has happened.”

, Clarice’s room certainly was in disorder, although the
bed had not been slept in.

It was mussed somewhat, and one of the pillows
showed the impression of a head that had rested upon
it, as if Clarice had thrown herself down before dis-
 for the night; but one of the chairs was over-
turned and broken and a small table at one side had
 been wrecked.

; Then, happening to glance toward the mirror, Nick
discovered that a penciled note had been forced into the
 of the glass. Evidently the writer realized that
3-‘Nick would not be long unaware of what had happened,
 the. note was addressed to him. _

 as; he seized upon it and was about to read Paul
 at a run, and his face was now as white as
 gone,tool” he cried Out.

 p;"What do you mean?” demanded the detective,
 -

 
 
   
    
   
 
   

  looks as‘-if there had been a struggle there,
_ nine as this one. Oh, sir ”
nit,” said the detetctive. “Wait till I read this

 an

  a march on you, Carter. It doesn't
how. I am not a brag. This letter is intend

    

 with  You may know once for all
  toekeep  I -have,Car-men ‘Glenn

NEW 'NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 Glenn has gone, too. She is not  her room. ,

‘He threw me down and tied me up as if I had been at

 

  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
  

I do.”

The note was not signed. It was not at all necessary
that a name should be appended to it for the detective
to know who had written it. ‘

He folded it and put it in his pocket. Then he turned
to Paul.

“What time was it when you closed the house?” he ‘
asked.

“After midnight, sir.”

“How long after midnight? Be explicit.”

“Half an hour.”

“How long after that was it before you went to
sleep?” _

“It must have been all of an hour, if not more, sir.”

“Why?” I i . - -'

“I was reading. It was after one when I put out my
light.” ‘

 “Did you hear anything or know anything after that
time ?”
\\ “No, sir.”
"The "detective looked at his watch.

“It is half-past three now,” he muttered. “De Momey
has had about two hours’ start, or very nearly that. Say ;
that he got away from here at two, that would be an
hour and a half. Hello!” he added.
one at the front door. See who it is, Paul. I will fol- 
low you.” _i-‘

“There is some 

It was Terry—-one of the men who had been supposed 
to watch on the comers-—and he was out of breath from A
running.

“Well?” said Nick sternly; “where were you? You 

 

were not at your post when I returned a little while ago. '
Explain, if you please.” U V

“There was a man came up behind me. Before If
knew it he tackled me, and he was as stout as a moose. 

 

  

 
 
   
    

baby. Then be tossed me over the fence into an area 
as if I had been a bag of meal, and he doetored me N
a sponge at my nose until I went to sleep. I suppose:
he served Shrively the same way.” ‘ ,
“Goon,” said Nick. “How did you get loose, and
why have you been running?” , I ~
"I got loose because when ,I realized that he! ’
chloroforming me. I managed ‘not to get too much  1 '
Stuif. When I came to I managedto get ‘the 
I 7'°1*1**'3!"F5’*5z“'?“*"°““ —'*"‘.‘?.“i"“‘3l~'

    

       
 
 

  
  

      

2’

   
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 

 stood up I saw a hack at the curb in froht of
door, and I saw a man just putting a woman inside

a —-I took after it. That is all I know.”

~“You mean that you lost the hack? That you have no
« where it went?”

‘"Yes._ It went too fast for me. I couldn’t follow it.
followed it to Madison Square, but there I lost it.”

:7 fthe hack?” x
i“Not more than half an hour, sir.”
'_1“And which way was it headed?”
"‘It turned past the north end of the square. That is
‘__I ‘know about it.”
I Could you see the number of the hack, or the-driver,
‘‘-_‘anything about it that you could recognize?”
"Not a thing. Not a single thing.”

xﬁirright. You had better go and look after Shrively.
911 will probably find him in about the same plight that
were in. After you have done that you may go
’ Don’t talk now, and don’t try to excuse your-
I‘ don’t think there is any excuse for your care-

_ 2!

detective went back into the house. He wan-
about it for a while, going from one room to an-

that Clarice called her own.

at  he decided that this sort of inaction could
 Both the young women were gone, and
  of  he had was that the\hack which
 away had been last seen. between Madison
Fiith  at tlieyorth end ‘of Madison Square.
could not understand why De,Morney should also
abducted camieh Glenn, for hehad no belief at
" that statement madeirr the ‘note that he intended
her until she should ransom herself. from his
 believed that there was another and a d r
 (hit. 1 . 
 it occurred to him what that motive might

  
  

 

 that once, not so very Ions ago’. ‘De Mar
 to induce »Clarice_~to join‘ with him in a
  12y.im1>m,°natingeher.

. n

this  ideay.he,t:ad in mid now-

 
  

  

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

back. The hack started just as I made the discovery,

‘but each time finding himself back again in the

I are this minute.

 

25

to turn next. There seemed to be nothing to do and
no direction in which he could turn with any hope of
picking up that lost trail before morning—-or even then.
After a little he went outside the house and seated
himself on the steps, waiting for the dawn to appear.
He wished to think, and he believed he could think
there as well as in any other ‘place. _
He lighted a cigar, and he smoked it slowly to the
end,‘consuming in that manner more than an hour
more; and the dawn was just breaking, and he was just

about to cast away the stump of the cigar and rise to

his feet again, when a hack, furiously driven, dashed
around the corner below him and came to a sudden stop
directly in front of the house. I

A tall young Irishman threw down the reins and
leaped to the ground.

“Who is at home here?” he demanded breathlessly.

“I am,” said Nick, now risen to his feet.

“Who are you ?” demanded the Irishman.

“Nick Carter. Why?”

"God be praised!
save the two of them!

“Wait. Tell me-——”
“There isn’t any time.”
“We’ll take time. Tell me where you are going.”
I “T o a canal-boat, sure; no less—where the two ladies
Prisoners, too, in the hands of that L.-%
dirty spalpeen who near done for the purty lady this 
afternoon--yesterday afternoon it was——over in Thirty- :
eighth Street. Me name is Burke, sir, if ye will have it
all before yelstart to the rescue. I was drivin’ up-town 1:;
afther returnin’ from takin’ a fare to the Williamsburg _“:r%
Bridge, when who should I pass on the street but
O’Toole———-” -
“Who is O3Toole ?” . ‘
“He's a driver like meself, sir. I passed O'Toole
a-drivin’ like the devil was after him, and who should I’ I
see leaning out of the windy of the back but the divil ‘.
who truni me against the railin’, and, sure-, I heard him
shout to O’TooR. \ _'
i “ ‘Drive, damn ye, drive !’ says be. ‘To the footigf . A
Dolan Street!’ says be. And then, asthe hack ﬂashed‘ 
past me, I saw the face of the putty hdy, wit! the  " -
tric light from an are-lamp  on it; and at 
  I_hreard_  man say, ‘It's a  i M
 i‘ ‘  I” Y ~ I 

Come with me, sir, if you would
Get into my hack.”

  
     
        
   

    

   
     

  

 leis.

  was tal-rin’ her to that canal~boat he talked about.
 him nor O’Toole saw me, for they was lookin’
5a_t eachother, and, not knowing what to do, I drove
 first to see if the lady was missing-—-in order to

 sure. And I found you here! God be praised!”

CHAPTER XII.
 —: BROUGHT TO BAY AT LAST.
_~.A canal-boat! _
 ,.ASurely De Morney was resourceful, for who would
have thought of looking in such a place for the fugitive

 his captives?

‘ We need not describe that drive to the pier where
 c'anal~boat was to be. found. It is suﬂicient to say
 had it occurred at any other hour of the day than
 itydid the horse would have been halted a dozen
 for Burke did not spare the animal at all.

 when at last they drove to the base of the pier
Nick leaped ‘from the hack Burke followed him.
.was broad daylight now-—and out in the river, di-

,   where they stood, they could see a tug

 asingle canal-boat lashed to its side, headed down

the river toward the Battery, andlmakingi  speed, -

A" the tide, in its favor.

er, "and Nick tossed’ him a’ quarter; then he pointed
M’ _  boat in the river.
 boat ‘just leave here?’
 know the name of. the canal-boat?”
awn. I saw it on hpresterh. She’s goin’ ngm, as
 sir.‘ She ain’tgot no cargo at all. Jest two
« for ballast Peaches they were, too."
' ,"..ssid Ni’e‘k, "1 wish we could beat that boat to
8 .

he asked.

  Second  elevated, sir.” .
fin ‘ .

 hack, and the horse
tau)  for thej elevated-siatiqh. which he

jute:  was  in, at thé V

I it  *“'!.‘*“¥"»'.“*.

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

They caught the train, and when, later, they arrived 

at the Battery the detective knew that they had beaten
the tug with its tow by several minutes.

There are always tugs to be found in the slip that is
close to the ferry—house, and Nick had no diﬁiculty in
discovering one to his purposes. Steam was up and she
was ready to cast off at any moment.

“It is twenty-ﬁve dollars in your pocket if you will
take’me out to that canal-boat yonder,” he said, point-
ing to the object of his remark. “I want to board it and
I want you to make fast and stay by me till I tell you
to go.” ,

“Get aboard,” said the captain of the tug. “I’m your
huckleberry, mister ;” and when they were away from

the dock he added: “I’ll run around under the stern ‘ii

and come up behind them. When I do that you and
your friend here must be ready to leap aboard, with

ropes in your hands to make fast. I don't keep but one‘ 

dec/k-hand, and he's gone to his breakfast, and my en‘
gineer can't leave his post.”

i ‘‘All right,” said.Nick. “We'll attend to the ropes.

If you do your part well, captain, I may be inclined to '

add something to that twenty-ﬁve. Now, Burke!”
“Yes, sir.” .
“You and I will keep out of sight until the crucial
moment arrives. Captain?”
“Yes, sir.”
“If you can manage to get alongside of them without

giving them the alarm it will all be just that much 

easier.”
“I’1l try it,” was the reply.
They went out upon the river slowly, and the captain

headed the Taurus against the tide until he had passed": ‘I
the other tug with its tow; then he came about__quick_ly '

and rang his bell for full speed ahead.
5 Nick and Burke remained out of sight until they were

"directly abreast of the canal—boat, which. being “light,”

towered out of the water beside them; but then, at a


sf

’ .

f

word from the captain, they both made ready to take

the leap.
The moment came at last, and the captain calla!
"Now!” andin an instant the detective, followed by,”

witlrthe  hands, andin.  W

‘cm: . .
, .

hack-driver, leaped upon thevdeck of the 

.5’

    
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
     
   
    
   
 
    
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
  

‘he was no one near to offer them hindrance; but
when they appeared upon the deck, the tug at the
erside began to blow its whistle, and a man made
appearance, attempting to climb on board.

‘But he found himself looking into the muzzle of a
evolver, and the stern tones of Nick Carter told him
ihatjt would be a whole lot healthier for him to stay
‘ ere he was; at the same time Nick ordered Burke to
» oﬁ the lines which made the other tug fast to the
- —boat. ’

2. “Come, Burke!” he called then, and he dashed toward
cabin at the stern of the boat.

‘But even as he did so De Morney made his appear-
* suddenly in front of him, and he saw and recog-
: -c Nick Carter instantly.

'.All his caution, all his care for the prisoners, and
cry thought of escape for himself seemed to desert
- at that moment, and he remembered that here be-
e him, on the same deck with him, was the than he
ed .
iilfohe saw the revolver in the detective’s hand he paid
attention to it. ‘Either he did not fear it, or he did
fbelieve that Nick Carter woiild use it agaipst him.
ith a savage shout, he rushed forward full at the
ive, and ‘Nick, perceiving that he was alone, dis-
=- - to make use of the weapon; moreover, he did
' _7w‘ant to shoot the man.

I:Nick had only time to shout out one word of com-

("Find the ladies, Burke! Stay with them! Protect
n I Take this gun!” and he tossed it in the air to-
. * A hint .

,1:  next instant, with a second savage cry, De Mor-

 upon him. i V

t~was not the first time that these two had grappled,
qgh knew something of the strength of the other.
realized that he had no mean adversary, and De
~ knew that Nick Carter would prove more than
.- . for him  he couldibring some sort of
-  his aid, or unless he could overcome the de-
‘why a trick. - . .
7Mome'y, in uniting the attack, resorted to a trick
yuuu,butNickreeog'nizedittoosoon for itto
I iphi3.gﬂﬁ]'3ary;_al.I‘dtll.€ﬂtl'l¢)' came to-
’  "  ' ..  E _‘, \ lclinehingfmatch, in

  
   
  

   
 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

gﬁutthemany

   

 

27

And they had the deck to themselves, with a tugboat
on either side of them and with the crews of the tugs
to watch in amazement this battle on the canal-boat.

De Momey tore and scratched and tried to bite. He
bore his weight, which was considerable, down upon the
detective. He tried to use his feet. He resorted to
every known device he could remember, and at last he
loosened one arm long enough to reach behind him in
search of a knife, Nick had no doubt.

It was the loosing of that'arm which gave the ‘de-
tective the‘ advantage.

Instantly he changed his hold, lowered it until he ha?!
seized the Frenchman around the body, and then he
lifted him from his feet and sought to throw him in that
way.

But the Frenchman had resumed his hold, and the re-
sult was that they fell to the deck together; and then
they rolled over and over, each time approaching nearer
to the low rail that surrounded the deck of the boat.

When they reached it the Frenchman made one last
terriﬁc eﬂort to regain his feet, and as he did so he
managed to drag the detective with him, almost to an
upright position, and then they both fell again—but this
time it was not upon the deck that they fell, but over
the rail into the water.

Sudden immersion in cold water is said to cool ’the
ardor of all ﬁghters, whether men or animals. Certain
it is that as these two struck the water and sank from
view, the Frenchman loosed his hold hpon the detective,
so that the latter struggled free from him.

Then, as they rose to the surface, facing each other,
Nick struck out with his ﬁst.

_ The count did not make an attempt to return the
blow, which evidently did not hurt him.

Instead, he dived; and then, as he came to the water 
a few feet away, the detective saw him raise his hand ,
and put something into his mouth. ., 

    
   

— Even as the man swallowed whatever it was that he
had taken into his mouth the detective seized him again;
but he saw instantly that he was too late, for with a
shudder that seemed to shoot through his whole body,
and with a grimace of pain on his face,‘ Raoul de Mor-
ney's ﬁgure stiffened, a convulsion shook him for an
instant, and he would have sunk to the bottom like’
stone if Nick had not retained his hold upon him. '_ '
  *9 

.:'~.

    
  
 
       
    
  
    

    

  

   

‘sis

  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
        
       
       
       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
       
       
     
       
     

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 5

‘that; and the strong odor of bitter almonds in the air upon them in the house when he captured them and 
told only too well what he had swa11owed—prussic acid. took them away by force. It was found, too, that 

A rope was thrown to Nick from the deck of the O’Toole, the driver, had assisted in the attack, and he
iicanal-boat by Burke, and after the body of Count Raoul was sent to prison to think it over for a. few years in.
de Morney had been drawn aboard Nick climbed up, quietude.
also;-and then the canal-boat was taken in tow by the When Nick parted with Clarice that day at the door
tug he had hired and conveyed to the headquarters of of the house where’ she lived with Carmen Glenn she
the river and harbor squad of the police force. ‘ said to him: ‘

Much to the surprise of the detective, he discovered “You Wm 00111‘? t0 533 me again 50011, ‘Vin .V011 110‘ -7"
that the canal-boat had doubtless been used as the per- “Yesa” he replied» 5ml1iT1g~ “VCVY 500“» if You Win
manent and regular home of De Momey and his foffnef permit it. The fact is, I badly need a lady assistant, and
‘companion, Henri de la Pierre. Its interior was par- I am Wming '50 ask Y0" *0 be mY——”

1:5‘...-_ -4;.‘ . ........u._ .,-. . -.

titioned into cabins and ﬁtted up with unusual elegance; “Assistant? She intefmpted him-
‘ ’ but ougwag-dly, at least, it was just an Ordinary canal- And he smiled and nodded his head-—and went his
boat. W33’-

THE END.

,_ _-.4. an» ,s._.m'4/L.'~&’1§ii(}'l'x‘hd‘.‘~\.A.l..e2L

-_ Carmen Glenn and Clarice were not injured by their
experiences, although they had both been choked almost The next issue, No. 529, will be “The Index of Seven
 to unconsciousness in the attack that De Morney made Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds the Hidden City.”

~*3.___;..____a%‘aR:*'%:A¥a: TIP TOP WEEKLY

wil receive hundreds of letters every week from readers asking if we can supply the early numbers of Tip Top containing

~ -' ,. .s._

4.» *

Frank’; adventures. In every case we are obliged to reply that nnnibers I to .300 are entirely out of r_li-it. We would like
to an the attention of our readers to the fact that the Frank Mei-riwell Stories now being pnblishe in book form in the

 

Neda! Library are inclusive of these early numbers. The first book to_ appear was No. 150 entitled “Frank Merriwell's Schooldays."
We give herewith A com lete list of all stories that have been published in bool:_ form up to the time of writing. _We wil be
,, glad to send A fine comp ete catalogue of the Medal Library which is met ﬁlled with good things for boys, upon receipt of a one-
V V‘ cent stamp to cover postage. V .

 
   

MEDAL LIBRARY MEDAL LIBRARY
A1’ I0 CENTS A1‘ 10 CENTS
I5o—Frarik Merriwell's Schooldays. 292--Frank Merriwell’s Hard Luck.

ii I67-—-Frank Merriwell’s Chums. 296—Frank Merriwell’s Protégé.
I78—Frank Merriwell’s Foes. 3oo—Frank Merriwell on the Road.
!84—Frank Merriwell’s Trip West. 304-—Frank Merriwell's Own Company.
189-Frank Merriwell Down South. 3o&'—-Frank Merriwell’s Fame.

H 193—Frank Merriwell’s Bravery. 3i2——Frank Merriwell’s College Chums.
197-Frank Merriwell’s Hunting Tour. 3:6-—Frank Merriwell's Problem.
2oI——Frank Merriwell in Europe. _a 32o—Frank Merriwell’s Fortune.
205--Frank Merriwell at Yale. 324—Frank Merriwell’s New Comedian.
209-Frank Merriwell's Sports Aﬁeld. 3z8—Frank Merriwell’s Prosperity.
213-Frank Merriwell’s Races. 332-—Fi-ank Merriwell’s Stage Hit.
217-—Frank Merriwell's Bicycle Tour. 336—Frank Merriwell’s Great Scheme.
22s——Frank Merriwell's Courage 340-—Frank Mei-riwell in England.
229-Frank Merriwell’s Daring. 344—Frank Memwell on the Boulevards.
233—Frank Merriwell’s Athletes. 348——Frank Merriwell's Duel.
g37—Franlt Merriwell's Skill. 352-Frank Merriwell’s Double Shot.
240-—Frai-ik Merriwell’s Champions. 356—Frank Merriwell’s Baseball Victories.
244-—Frank Merriwell's Return to Yale. 359--Frank Merriwell’s Conﬁdence.
247-Frank Merriwell’s Secret. 36a——~Frank Merriwell’s Auto.
a5;..'.f-‘ﬁnk M¢rriwell’s Danger. 365—Frank Merriwell’s Fun.-

2 —--Frank Merriwell's Loyalty. 368--Frank Merriwell’s Generosity.

2 Frank Merriwell in Clint). 37!-Frank Merriwell's Tricks.

ﬁa——Frank Merriwell’s Vacation, ‘ 374——Franlc Merriwell’s Temptation.

£9]--Frank Mex-riwglrs Cruise. 377——Frank Merriwell on Top.

37!-—Frank Merriwell’s Chase. A ’ A1‘ is GEMS. (Increased snub

276-Frank Merrlwell in Maine. 38o—Frank Merriwell’s Luck. ,
£0-—-Frank Merriwell’s Stru e. ' V 383-—Frank Merriwell’s Mascot. ,

' ﬂaw Merriwell’s First ob. 386-Frank Merriwell’s Reward.
. rank Mernwelfl Onpornmlty. . _ , 339-—Frank Merriwell’s Phantom.

:.s1§a..n:u 1*sbush‘m.N,EW"‘Y°15'K ctr! c

....._..._._ »—~«----~

   

 

    

 

The Nick Carter Weekly

  

HAN DSOMCEST OOLORED COVERS

' ISSUED EVERY SATURDAY.

 
  
    
 

 ence with all kinds of criminals.
 to cover.

  ﬁ.
‘C PRICE

_ No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
, esting. Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up—he does not need it
5 -——he uses his. wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

FIVE CENTS PER COPY

 For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

   
 
   
  
    
    
  
   
   
  
  

,, HERE ARE THE

?505—The Man of Many Faces; or, Nick Carter Behind
 the Scenes. '
5 506——A Letter From the Dead; or, Nick Carter’s Proud-
 . est Moment.
'*507—Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick
~ ' Carter’s Amazing Experiment.
508—The Gentleman Crook's Last Act; or, Nick Carter

; and the Haunted House.
509-The “.Skidoo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘:

Great Train Robbery Case.
Io-——The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter
I . Stopped the “Cannon-ba11.”

5n——Nick Carter’s Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the
’ . Green Automobile.
T5-I2—A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’s Fight for Life.
I3-—A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter’s Fight
. _ With a Fiend.

.5I4——Codman the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Strangest
.  { Experience.

5'i5——The Plot of the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Hair-
’ l breadth Escape.
ff'E1_6—'l‘he Mechanical Giant; or, Ten—Ichi Plays a Lone

' Hand. X

7-—-Doris, the Unknown; or, Nick Carter’s Blindfold

‘3. Mystery.
£8»——A Dangerous Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a
_ C - - V n

Mad;:eslSMorley's Ghost; or, Nick Carter’s Des-
; perate Fight. _

 y . Automobile Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Blood-

" bound on the Scent.

      
 
 
    
 

éuamaeamhaocaeg

 PWWSB,

 

 .

        

LATEST TITLES:

52I—The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Com-
plex Case.

522—The White Arm of a Woman; or, Nick Carter’s
Desperate Chase.

523——The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of a Castle.

524——The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter’s Telling
Strategy.

525———The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter’s Perfect Disguise.

526-—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Strong—hand
Play.

527—Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter’s Motor-
boat Chase.

528—Clarice, the Woman Detective;
Titled Assistant.

529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City.

530-—An Amazonian Queen: or. Nick Carter Becomes a
Gladiator.

531-—A BIackmailer’s Paradise: or, Nick Carter Dis-
covers the Hidden Hand.

532-—-Gipsy Madge, the Blackmailer; or, Nick Carter’s
First-class Bluff.

533—Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter’s Day
of Blunders.

534-—Ida_vah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s
Fourfold Problem.

535-—The Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces  V ;

Greatest Mystery.

1£youvantany'backnombersofourlibnries.andcannot pmeusethnnfromyournewsdealemthey 
dhect.'Postsgesta:npstakenthessmessmoney.. : 

  

 

or, Nick Carter’s '

 
     
   

     
   
   

. v ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

 

Boys, if

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

, Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West.

you want tales of the West that are

drawn true to life, do not ‘pass these by.
  E PRICE FIVE GENTS PER copv

For sale by all newsdsalars, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in moneynr postage stamps

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
  

HERE ARE THE

278-Buﬁalo Bill's Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Malice.
,279-«Buffalo Bill's Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
up in Hidden Valley.
«.380-—-Buffalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble
;  * Pricking.
281--Buﬂalo Bill's Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance
- - of Alkali Pete.
f282——-Buﬁ"alo Bill's Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of
' Snake River Crossing.
.a83——Buffalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of
v_  the Bitter Root.
’:384~—--Buigtlo tII3ill's Secret Foe; or, The Wizard of \V'ind_v
; ulc . 4.
28'5—--Buffalo Bill's Master—strol<e; or, The Specter of
 Death Valley. ‘
386--Buffalo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
7  -V John, the Half-breed.
587v--Buffalo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone
' ’ Star Outlaws.
F888--Buffalo Bill's «Dance of Death; or, The Night
‘ ._ ‘ Hawks of Snake River.
Q89--Buffalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
3, . Black Spider of the Shoshones.
ago-—-Buffalo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or. The W an-
 dering Jew of the Plains.

g—-Buﬁalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The
,5 Redskin Rovers.
*: ‘Buffalo Biil’s Medicine-lodge; or, The White
_.  Queen of the Kickapoos;

 Bill in ﬁlrieril; or, The Red Amazons ®
Q ithe'Niobrar.a .

was

LATEST TITLES:

294~——Buffalo Bill's Strange Pard; or, \\'olfer Joe on
the \’\’ar—path. '

295-«Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship
of the Phantom Flower.

296-—-Buffalo Bill in No .\lan's Land: or, The Sky—mir-
ror of the Panhandle.

297--Buffalo Bill's Border Rufﬁans; or, The Desperate
Game of Panther Pete.

298—--Buffalo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Timbuctoo.

299-—Buﬁ‘alo Bill's Desperate Dozen; or, Th2 Raiders of

‘ Round—Robin Ranch.

300—Buffalo Bill's Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter of the
Niobrarah.

301-—Biit;z1_1f§> Bill's Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black

. 1 e.

3o2——Buﬂ’alo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White
Flower of Fetterman Prairie.

3o3——ButTalo Bill and the White Specter; or. The Mys-
terious Merlicine-man of Spirit Lake.

304-—Buf¥alo Bill's Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men of

Timber Bar.

305-—-Buffalo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
of Wolf River Caﬁon.

306-—BuFfalo Bill. the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane. of

Cinnabar.
3o7—Buffalo Bill's Wild Range Riders; or, The Venge-
ance of Crazv Snake. , '

308--Buffalo Bil|’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustang
Catchers of Bitter Water.

309—Buﬁalo Bill's Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the ‘

Dancing Dervishes.

  want any back numbers of our libraries and cannot procure them from your news» E
  be  from this oﬁce direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money... A

“      A   zeressevmna Avenue, New roux Carl A

_B_I|FFALO BlI.I.STO|tlES

d..»;.e:....‘.;.-.:.e.v.»...  2, ..a..',, .. . A

 

  

‘BRAVE AND BOLD

   

ISSUED EVERY WEDNESDAY. .

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

 
    
   
 

Don't miss these.

A There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
characters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these
fellows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD. ;

M ‘Each story is full 30,000 words in length and is ;complete in itself,
having no connection with any that went before or will come after.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

 sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

__

   
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
     
 

i  Mystery; or The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By
 Herbert Bellwoo

I9r"—Silv¢1- Sallie; or, T he Three Queer Pards of Poker Pocket.
. By J. C. Cowdrick.

'l92—The Ranch Raiders; or, Secret of the Golden Dagger. By
C t. H l H elton. , _

@—A Baayiitismaof ; or, At the Front With the .l3P3- BY
’_ Mark Darran. ’

.,“__-1-he Bonk, Iqomad or, Sharper Stokes Double Deal._ By

.» H rb B ll ' .

igi5_M3gke1y{ear1t1or,:’s“§iJmggle; or, Friends and Foes At West
Point. By Lieut. Fred Garrison, U. S. A.

1iﬁ—A Strange Clue; or, The Sharks and Sharp: of New York.
B F ' k.

Ranclii ']I3a(1nb:u;isor,isThe Boy Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard

'11.
TheT‘§lectg'e Wizard; or, Through Air and Water to the
Y

  

~ Pole. Emerson Bell. _

-  the SIh{ad§w;ﬁ0f. Selma
vo§.';hi;r;‘;inxsai;isiiie' Gridiron; or. Fighting For the Foot-

ball Pennant. By Frank Merriwell. _
....Di¢k Ellis’ the Nighthawk Reporter; _or, The Biggest News
“Beat” on Record. By Robert Reid. _

peg,’ the Break“ Boy; or, The Young Coal Mine Ferret.
By Richard Hackstaﬁ. . Tb T

‘ _Yom1g Maverick, the Boy From Nowlieiig. hor. C en-
derfoot Oil Kirig of Texas. By Sam 115 Cl’-

‘1'°m_ an Myuery Boy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow.
 ‘d.

1-*o.§iysgii:°b§iii From Call-boy to Star. By Manager

,;rii7eH§i3 Srliibomers; or, Gordon Keith’: Great Balloon
A Chase. By wrence White, Jr.

a Double Mystery. By

    

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

2o7—Bart Benner’s Mine; or, The Boy \Vho Got There. By
Lieut. Lionel Lounsberry.
208-The Young Ranchman; or, Bart Benner Going It Alone.
V By the author of "Bart Benner’s Mine."
209-—-Bart Benner’s Cowboy Days; or, The Young Hunter 0!
the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine.”
2Io—Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost Wild
Animal Taker. By Lawrence VVhite, Jr.
2iI—Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.
By Herbert Bellwood.
2i2—Under False Colors; or, Dick Dangerﬁeld's Mystery. By
Police Captain Manning.
2r3—Bags, the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. By
Richard Hackstaﬁ.
2i4——0n the Pampas; or, A Strange Chase Across South Amet-
ica. By Lawrence White, Jr.
2i5—The Crimson Clue; or, Dick Dangerﬁelds Mission. By
Police Captain Manning.
2I6—At the Red Horse; or, Herr Driesbach, the Lion King. By
Charles H. Day.
2i7—Riﬂe an%LRod; or, A Cruise Down the Lake. By J. LE
Cffl
2I8—Pards; or, Comrades for Life. By Colonel Prentiss In-

graham. \ ,—

2i9—Aﬂoat with a Circus; or, The Diamond-seekers of Natal.
By Henry L. Black.

220--Wide Awake; or, The Boys of _the Bicycle Brigade. By
Weldon J. Cobb.

22I—The Boy Caribou Hunters; or, Treasure-trove of Hudsotfl
Bay. By Charles B. Cross.

222—Westward H0; or, The Cabin in the Clearing. By Henry
L Black.

223—Mark Graham; or, The Boy Wanderers of the Desert. B:
H. C. Emmet.

    
 

‘V-t urn rmignhiliﬁ gym A5 MONEY-

 

   
 

 

mnnoo nnocpuaauuau-nununnnauau.nnyounnoounineanu-icuhcnuaeinui.
%€':'g‘!'.‘°‘ =d?eMiIwnﬂrlaIhexlheottleboohyouwantnndwewulnendthemtoyonbyntinnmﬁ

     
   
 

. ................................ o-anuacooaodod cool”
. W’ W 7. Boyﬁ AVQIIIIB, NOW York C“, Y _ ' a
Cl agatlenon 5-—En6l0CBdﬂld .......... “ﬁll” fﬁtfilmﬂﬂﬁf.
 ﬂm.........on-3..-nuno.-noun-an-. ........oo1IIIIotBUPPAl.0 BILL N00. ....... ....-..a...:.--«noon...-ac
 “"13. 14..., ...................  .. .... .. - " BRAVE AND now Nos. ................ .; .... 
» ' ‘ ______ u, .... ... ..... .. __ ..«—n. ‘' " Rollo" RIDER V0!-... ......... .... ............ ..
 ”V)N0§::. .......... um _ 7;“, I  (J . at now!-

anrm .....3nto.,...............Q-sq‘;

‘I

 

  

__g1E nouan__mnizn wnzm  

llsauan EVERY MONDAY. 0 I-IANDSOME COLORED coves

v

  
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
    
  
     
 

Ted Strong wants to make your acquaintance, boys, and we are
‘convinced that you will be proud to have him as a friend. The
‘tales of his adventures among the cowboys are full of fascinating
"interest. He is known to every one as “King of the VVild West”
and he upholds the title.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price In money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE LATEST TETLES:

 

    
       

  

    
   
  

36—--King of the Wild West’s Strategy; or, Stella’s I39—King of the Wild West Rides the Line; or, Stella.
_ A Trick Pony. , Saves Old Glory.
: 27--King of the Wild West’s Tangled Trail; or, The 140-——King of the Wild West’s Treasure; or, Stella on
S Disappearance of Stella. the \Valls of Montezuma.
33--l~King of the Wild West’s Long Ride; or, Stella I4I—King of the Wild West’s Totem; or, Stella Makes
3 . Lost on the Red Mesa. a New Maxim. A
29--King' of the Wild West’s Phantom: or, Stella in 142~——King of the Wild West on the Box; or, Stella in -
A‘ V A_ Danger. the Mountains.
30--King of the Wild West’; Bronchmbusters; or, 143——King of the VVild West’s Slick Trick; or, Stella
, . ._ Stella's Fort in the Coulée. ‘ Buys a Town. t 
3;:-:1-King of the Wild West’s Corral; or, How Stella I44-—King of the Wild West on Vanishing Island; or, 
' L Brought the Warning. Stella Solves an Enigma. V
32;-,-King of the Wild West’s Tende:-foot Pard; or, 145-—-King of the Wild West’s Decision; or, Stella's ”
 Stella's Surprise Party. ' Waif of the Plains. . .
 of the Wild West’s Night Wrangler; or, I46-—King of the Wild West’s Broken Pinch; or, Stella‘s 
What Happened to Stella. Stratagem. ‘ V 
1 -l-King of the Wild West’s Outlaw; or, Stella to the I47--King of the Wild West’s Iron Box; or, Stella 
 1 Rescue. Turns the Tables. 
35-FKing of the Wild West at the Throttle; or, Stella I43-—-King of the Wild West's Lost Brand; or, Stella in
‘ _ . in the Flames. “No Man's Land.” .
;o6—-“King of the Wild West’s Trail; or, Stella Finds I49-—King of the Wild West's Snow Camp; or, Stella}
V, » ‘ Bill Blue. Lost in the Wilderness. ‘
g of the Wild West’s Race: or, Stella Among I50--King of the Wild West’s Great Wolf-hunt; or,‘ ;
the Scris. Stella Conquers “White Fang.” “ ._
g of the Wild West’s Fire-signal; or, How I51--Kin of the Wild West at the Lone Tree; or, 
‘ 7 tell: Foiled the Marauders. gtella Finds the Mother Lode. 

  
   

--—-—.-—----——~—.—--—-.- To 5:

    
   
  
   

  umuumu lihnrlnnld woaunclu tfollunvidnl 1:) be bulnedfrolnthholloo
,   urn Qudgnd It to us vm price at tkfboolu you wan°t':'nd :vye.v.rlll oedd them to you 93* nun
, , . D W a

  
 
    

   
 
 

Ruhllaherl. 1'9 seventh Av"enne.,Xev York Cltv. .... ..= ........................................ ..,..190‘,
6nd¢uws-Sméloau-dmul.........‘...cenu tor which plonuond um:

   
    

  

~   ram......,.,.....,................. .....  ........oopsmuurrALon:t.t. 
t ‘ s  ~ «nave aunnow Km .... 
i A‘ -nu-use I

 _n;;..t..

  

   THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

     
 

Nick Carter Weekly‘

We know, boys, that thereis no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

    
   
 
    
  

   

 
 

M RIDER WEEKLY

V Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
. shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
authority and rid his ranch of some very
-tough bullies. He does it in such a slrck
way that everyone calls him “King of the
, Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. $Ioo in cash are given to the readers
of this publication,

Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who prefers variety I
in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys’ stories.
tale is complete in itself.

  
       
 
       
       
    

Every

 
   
 

     

 

share of it. i
MIGHT AND MAIN DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY
 V 75% These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories  2 "ii

   

   

   

   

of Western adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to—date boy ought to read just
how law and order are estab-
lished and maintained‘ on our
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY L1

The adventures of a poor waif
whose only name is "Bowery
Billy.” Billy is the true product
of the streets of New York. No

tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest eﬁort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary ﬁve-
cent library.

LO BILL STORIES

....¢—

 
        
 

   

     

Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
thousand exciting adventures

 
   
 

 
 
       

A § among the Redskins. These are

given to our boys only in the
Buffalo Bill Stories. They are
bound to interest and please you.

 

boy can read the tales of his trials
without imbibing some of that
resource and courage that makes
the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

     
       
    
   

 

  

consequences. Get the current number.

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick arevknown and loved by over one
hundred and ﬁfty thousand of the best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
We are sure you will like it.

They are

 

 

  
     
     

