 f
BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN -THIS NUMBER

No_ 976 JUNE 13. 1924 Price8Cents

rnmmnmvssnx

BUYS THAT MAKE MONEY.

    
aR.THE PLunKIEsT=B'nY m me o .,4 

jg /5:1/71//5_r/I///V ' .  '

/4?‘ if A . A Jwo 07//ER S70/9/£5

   
 
  

 

' .9’ 5-»‘ 

§:r\*-‘>~:T“.“;‘   '~' ‘@..' .41} -.v. V .4 . -- .
AI the two rumans (orcecl him towsrd the pit. Paul rocoilecl from the horrible rate designed for

him "Dead boy: tell no aloe!" exclaimed Gonzalez. with on exulunt laugh.
as he cut the torch into the dark hole.

 
    

    
 
     

I Are You A Radio Fan?

FAME AND FORT

ilssued weeli1y—Subscriptlon price, $4.00 per year; Cmiada. $4.50; Fore!
Welt 23d Street, New York, N. Y. Entered Is Second-Class
the Pom-Omce at New York. N. !.. under the Act

FEB 20 1925   

Read Pages 24 and 25 '
EKLY

olﬂ. Publisher, lnc., 166’
> 1911. a

  
    
 

 

No. 976

NEW YORK, JUNE 13,

1924

 

 
   
  
    
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
   

' CHAPTER I.—-Job Robinson.

He was an old mad ahd very feeble, and his
,name was Job Robinson. He carried a heavy
' Malacca cane to support his drooping ﬁgure, and
was often seen leaning upon it with both hands
crossed, gazing out toward the setting sun, as if
his thoughts lay in that direction. Looking
 to the right nor left, nor accosting a soul,
- the old man moved about the immediate neighbor-
hood of the shabby little house in which he lived
all alone near the blacksmith’s shop.

Once a week he visited the general store and
purchased the few necessaries he needed, gener-
ally pointing out what he wanted, and uttering as
Jew rds as possible, though his bright eyes

r

we
Jsofteri rested with a look of some interest on the
manly lad who usually waited on him, Paul Clif-
~ ord by name. whose widowed mother carried on
v~the store and post-oﬁice. His advent in Harley's
Corners, which consisted of a few houses, a gen-
Jml. store and a blacksmith’s shqn. created a good
 of speculation; but curiosity remained _un-
‘satisﬁed, for the stranger was as uncomniunica-
gtweas a clam, and nobody even knew his name
' Paul Clifford found a letter in the mail
morning addressed to Job Robinson, Harley's
’ , Minn., and, knowing nobody by that
name in the place, he carried it out to the strang-
_s habitation. '
'1'he*old man claimed the letter, thanked the
why; for bringing it out to him, and from that mo-
" ‘ a kind of friendship sprang up between
two. The old fellow came oftener  the
 after that, and seemed contented to sit out
w ‘the veranda in the sunshine and smoke a curi-
gliy-shaped pipe that afforded him much com-

~ .Cliﬂ’ord was a bright and ambitious boy.
ather, who had followed the carpentering
' when he was seven years of age, and
— was now sixteen. A year after her husband’s

the general store which, in connection with
= - of a small plot of ground, supported
her son. Paul was first favorite in the
at » um , ' y among the girls, who
3%”? casting sheep's eyes at him.
. _ friendwasAndyBlake,a:tardy.

By A SELF-MADE MAN

Mrs. Cliﬁord came to Harley's Corners and ‘

.borne to his ears.

 

good-hearted lad, who worked for a. miserly old
farmer in the.vicinity. Andy had all sorts of
grievances against his employer, the principal one
of_ which was the foolish contract he had made
with the man to work for six months at $10 a
month, the money to be only paid in a lump sum
at that end of that time, and to be forfeited if
_And_y left before the expiration of his term of
servitude. It was now drawing close to the end
of the six months, and the farmer was exercising
all his ingenuity to try and make things so hot
for Any that he would run away, in which event
he would save the $60. One dark, blustering
spring night Paul closed up the store at a little
before the_ usual hour, and, told his mother that
he was going down the road to call on Job Rob-
inson.

“I haven't seen him in a couple of days, mother.
I’m afraid he's sick.”

“Very well, Paul. Don't stay away too long.‘’.

“No, mother, I wbn’t.”

After splitting some kindling wood for the
stove in the morning Paul put on his hat and thick
pea-Jacket and left the house. With his hands
stuck in his jacket pockets, he trudged along,
whistling cheerily, and wondering how long it
would be before he would have the chance to get
Out lY_1t0 the big bustling world and carve a future
for himself.

“Mother and I are only just vegetating here
in Harley’s Corners. We are making a bare liv-
ing. I wish she’d give up the store and move
to some good-sized city where I could ﬁnd a job
that would give me a foothold in life. I'm only
going to seed in this place. “Hello, what’s that 1”’

Something that sounded like a dismal groan
had struck upon the boy's ears, and he stopped
short and listened. The sound was presently re-
peated. It came from the side of the road, ap-
parently from under the scarred oak, whose blast-
ecli trunk shone white and spectral through the
g oom.

“Could that have been the wind?" he muttered.

“It sounded rather human to it. I’ll——"
For the third time the sepulchral sound was
_ At that moment he noticed a
moving object coming toward him up the road.
_‘‘I wonder who that is abroad at this time of
night?” Paul asked himself. watching the ap-

\

 
    

 

  

gm insect had stuntghim. .

 

 

AFTER A

proaching ﬁgure. “He couldn't have made that
noise, for it sounded close by. and the wind is not
blowing from that direction.” _

He stood and waited for the newcomer to reach
him. He was -not kept_ long in suspense as to the
person's identity, for he recognized his friend
audio Blake by the pﬁcduliar battered white hat

e y was accustom to wear.

“What the dickens brings him out to-night?
He seems to be heading for the store. I wonder
if old Tartar has sent him after something?"

-Andy didn't notice Paul standing in the road
until our hero hailed him.

;0h& Lor’l" e§c’l1aime(}l‘ the, farm boy, coming to
a ea ston. “ o’s t ere ." —

He looked as if he was on the point of taking
to his heels by the way he had come.

“Don't you know me, Andy? I'm Paul," said
Clifford cheerfully.

“Is that really you. Paul?” asked Andy doubt-
fully. ~
“Sure it's me.”

“What are you doing out here?” asked Blake,
coming cautiously forward. -

“What are you doing out here yourself, And_v‘.’”.

“I was coming to see you, Paul

“Rather a late hour for you to get away from
the farm, isn't it?" '

“I've shook the farm." replied Blake, in a tone
as gloomy as the night.

“You've what?” ejaculated Paul, hardly believ-'
ing the evidence of his ears.

“I've run away from the measly old place,"
answered Andy.

“You don’t mean it.”

“I do mean it."

“How came you to do that 7"

“I couldn't stand it no longer. I'm only flesh
and blood. I believe a wooden image would rebel
at the tyranny of Simon Tartar." ,

P “So hevls lzllone you hup at last, has 1318'?" ‘said
an. “ e . it's a s ame. ’s an o ric 0
his. I was hoping you'd be able to hold out long
enough to geth yourfmonley. ,You’ve’”worked for

him ﬁve mont s so ar, avent you .

“Five months and three days. _Do you think
Ilcould get aqlawver to make hnngive up the $60
. e owes me . V

“You might; but it would cost _vou half of it
for his services, and maybe something more for
court fees, though I supgosle he'd have 130 PBS’
that if the case went again im. _

“Ibw<l)‘uldn}"t carenwhaﬁ it cosstt lfdl 0nl3'ICg:1g
get ac at im. est ewor _o screw '
met in my life, and his wife am’t much better.

-Why, I ‘haven't had a square meal since I went

to work got him.  ’£a?&e11' \\t'ei2hS 011‘? ti“;
sugar. an measures e u r a every mea .

“Did they skimp themselves as well as you?”

“Sure they did; but they're used to do that, I
ain't.

“What are you going to do now?"
' “I dunno,” drealied Andy deijegleldlyi “I was
coming aroun see you ‘an _ 1 over.
thought maybe you'd let me sleep in your barn
to-night--——"

“Nonsense! You shall ‘share my bed. Andy.’
-. ‘I don’t want to ineonvenicnce—-or, Lor’, what's
that?’ .

It was a repetition of the dismal groan, and it
ggunded so close that Andy started as though

 

a

   
 

FORTUNE ' '

.“I.don't know what it is," replied Paul; “but
I'm going to see.”

“I wouldn't if I was you,” said Andy, with a
fearful glance at the lightning-blasted oak.

Paul, however, had already started for the oak.
and Andy followed him at a safe distance. Again
that disquieting groan sounded upon the air.
There was‘no doubt now that it came from the
foot of the scarred oak. Paul marched straight
up to it, and soon made out the ﬁgure of a man 4
crouched among the gnarled roots of the dead 5
tree. It wasn't necessary for the boy to see his
face, which was buried in his arm. to recognize
him—the stout Malacca cane lying across his
knees showed who it was.

“Job Robinson!” exclaimed Paul, staring down
in astonishment.

 

t

CHAPTER II.-—'I‘he Hunted Man.

Yes, it was Job Robinson, and he looked to'ibe
in a pretty bad way. ‘

“What's the matter, Mr. Robinson 7" asked Paul
with some concern. “Are you ill?”

A hollow groan was the only response. ~~,

“Look here, Andy. We'll have to get him up to 
the store. He seems to be a sick man.” ‘ '.

“Who is he?" asked Blake.

“You've heard me speak of Job Robinson, the
old man who lives up near the blacksmith shop 1""

“Yes. I heard you say something about him."

“Well, this is the name. Something has hap-
pened to him. I was on my way to see him to-
night, that's how you happened to meet me here
on the road. He's been calling at the store pretty
regularly for the last month until this week. Not
seeing him for three days, I started to call on")
him to-night to see if there was anythingrwrong ’
with him.’ I can't imagine what brought him
out here, unless he started for the store and was '
taken ill on the way. Get hold of his other arm
and we'll raise him up.”

Robinson made a feeble resistance and then col-
lapsed. It was easy to see that he could not walk.
in his present condition. »;

“We must carry him, Andy. Take charge of -
his legs, I'll hold up his body.”

Paul picked up the Malacca cane and, p '
it across the old man's body. the two boys _
to carry their burden to the store. It was no
easy job, for Job Robinson, in spite of his age’ ‘
and general weakness, was tolerably heavy. He 
groaned repeatedly during the journey,’ which“,
took time. as the boy had to pause at intervalawg,
to rest. They reached the store at last, and Mn. 
Clifford was greatly surprised to_ see not only "
Andy but the burden the lads carried into 
house and laid upon the sitting—room lounge. She:
was a sympathetic little woman, and at onﬁ
busied herself to see what she could do for the‘
poor old man. - .

“I'd better go for the doctor. hadn't I, mother?’
asked Paul. . ‘

“I think you had.” . , ;

So Paul started for Doctor Handy, who 
quarter of a mile away. The physician was‘

..‘n2‘..:m.a.2.u....:.

‘ home and accompanied the boy back to the 

He examined the patient. and. his verdict 1"
that Robinson had been assaulted by

some." .
and badly beaten. ‘ ’

     
    
  
   
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
     

\"Do youthink he is seriously injured?” asked

Jfihifanxiousiy. ‘ ~
 am afraid he is,”

ﬂemnly. ‘

 there any danger that‘ he may die?”

;don’t think he will live through the night.”

« t was quitea shock to Paul.

" at shall we do?”

“There is nothing that you can do, unless you

Jemove him to a bed, where he would be more

ngfortable than on this lounge. I will give him

thing to revive him, and we may be able to

‘out who was his assailant.”

‘7We have a small spare room upstairs.” said

Tani, “We might carry him up there first.”

',‘I ,think you, had better,” answered Doctor

iv

Y- ‘

Paul and Andy took hold of the injured man,
gpnd. as gently as possible, conveyed him upstairs
" the spare room, where they placed him on the
Doctor Handy then poured a preparation
~ w Robinson's throat. In a few moments he

-' -« his eyes and gazed wildly around the
He tried to raise himself up, but with a
s sank back.- - , ‘
Pin afraid I'm done for,” he muttered dis-

replied Doctor Handy

 happened to you, Mr. Robinson ?” Paul

.« as tones.

es, sir.”

' o are these persons?”

-. A is Doctor Handy, whom I called ,in to

‘to you, and the other is Andy Blake, a

« Jot mine." »

son groaned and lay quiet for a moment

-two‘. _Suddenly he started up in an excited

’=.- - is mv cane ?" he asked wildly.

"it. He must never get it.”

our cane is downstairs.”

'__g it to me," he demanded insistently.

down and get it, Andy,” said Paul, wonder-
Hi: ,the old man was so anxious to get hold

:it,‘!br' it was certainly of no use to him in

’t~state.. ‘

' fetched the Malacca-cane up in a few

> Robinson seized it as if it was worth
t in gold, and made an effort to ex-

it. He seemedsatisﬁed that the cane was
and then laid it close beside him on the

X maintained a grip upon the carved head.

'eI;n"do very lithe for him,” Doctor Handy

Paul. “We ought to take his ante-mortem

, ‘for he can‘: live many hours.”

tis tough,” said the boy sadly. .

 me some warmgwater, a sponge, a

ti.adsaors,'and some en raizs- He has 8
‘an hisshead which I must attend to right

get the articles called for and the doctor
5;-eat. Robinson never made a move while

‘ ‘ -~ ~ was working over hing.
"" Hlxivollimanotherdrinko this prepa-
" ~ Doctor “It will revive him,

“I must

   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  

  

-AFTER‘ A. FORTUNE  \ _ 3

m.
‘era that you, Paul?” saidgthe old man, in.

. good boy.
.I’ve made in years.”

a

.‘‘You seem to have been attacked by some one,”
said Paul.

Robinson nodded his head. _

"Who was it? A tramp?" .

The man shook his head and then rolled his
eyes around fearfully, as though he expected to
find the person who had struck him down close at
ha'nd.

“Andy and i found you stretched out at the
foot of a tree along the road,” said Paul. “Were
you coming to the store?"

Robinson nodded.

“And some one struck you down in the 1‘oad?7

Robinson shook his head.

“Where were you attacked?”

“In the house,” replied the old man, with an
eﬂ'ort.

"In your house?”

Robinson nodded again.

“Would you know the man if you saw him
again?” _ _

The old man closed his eyes and seemed to
shudder. . -

“Could you describe him‘! If you can I'll send
Andy for the constable and put him on the ras-
cal‘s track.”

Robinson made no answer to this.
ed to be growing weaker again.

“When I am dead,” he whispered, “don’t-let
him get this cane.” ‘

“Him? _Who do you mean?” asked Paul, in
some surprise. -

“'I‘he——man--who-—hit—me.”

“Of course the rascal shan’t have it,” replied
Paul soothingly, thinking that Robinson was wan-
dering in his head.. “But I’d give something to
know what he looks like.”

The old man lay a little while without speak-
ing; then he whispered:

-“I want to—to talk—to you-—alone, Paul.”

Paul looked at Doctor Handy.

“You had better humor him," said the phy-
sician. “Take notice of all he says.” - '

The doctor and Andy then went downstairs, the
former taking his leave.

“Are we—alone'."’ asked, Robinson eagerly.

“Yes,” answered Paul. ’

“Give me another drink of that stuff.”

_ Paul poured out another dose and let him drink
13-“ 1,115 eY_es grew. brighter andhis voice stronger.
» I in going to d1e,_Paul,” he said earnestly.

"1 hope not," replied the boy.

. “Yes. Yes_; I’m done up’ for good, but before I
die Im going _to make you my heir. You're a
I like you. You're the only friend

He appear-

He paused and steadfastly regarded Pgul fog» .
moment or two. '9 ‘

“I never told you why I came to this place.’

That was a fact. and Paul was somewhat eager
to know the reason.

“I haven‘t had an easy hour for years,’ went
on Rolnnaon. “I've been a hunted_ man. There’;
be_ensome_oneonmytrachat_allt1meswhomI’ve
tnedin vainto diakeoﬂ. lsettled herebeeauseit

was an out-of-the-wayplace, and I thought I 

might end mylast few years in peace. I

maybe he'd never track me to such a lonesome '

gﬂiliut {was wrong. No A

DC»

   

a

 

 

      

...... .. .....*:;%'-..=»:.~..::  --:= =» 3

  

  

\

 

.zalez and two companions.

 

4 ' I AFTER A FORTUNE

Robinson shivered and glanced nervously
around the room.

“You are sure we're alone?"

“Certainly,” replied Paul. _

“Go to the window and look out. He might
even now be hovering about this house, eager
for some chance to get at me and tear the
secret from me. But I mean to get the best of
him. Yes, yes: he must never know it. No one
must hear it but you, Paul. You are my heir.
You shall reap the reward of _vour kindness to
me.”

He lay back and breathed heavily, much ex-

hausted.

 

CHAPTER IIl.——The Secret of the Malacca Mine.

“What is this secret you want to tell_ me, .VIr.
Robinson?" asked Paul, after a short silence.

Job made an effort to speak. Paul bent down
and caught the word “drink.” The boy saw that
the old man was too weak to go on without a
stimulant. so he gave him some more of the cor-
dial. Jnb Robinson brightened up at Once. and
began the following story, which was frequently
interrupted by his growing weakness, but which
Paul managed to stave off by occasional doses of
the doctor's powerful nreparation:

“I was a prospector by occupation. I have had
my ups and downs. Sometimes I've had money
to burn: again I have been very poor. Hard
luck and drink have been my ruin. Five years
ago. while prospecting in the valley of the Rio
Santa Cruz. in Southwestern Arizona. I discover-
ed an old-fashioned gold and silver-"mine. ‘I made
several torches of dried brushwood and penetrated
the. place. I carefully threaded my way and
followed a galleryright into the heart of the
’mountain. At the extreme end I found quartz-
bearing rock, rich with gold and silver. and.
having spent some time in the evamination of
the plrce. I realized that I had made a wonderful
find. I took the bearings of the mine as well as
I could in the dark and started for Tucson. Reach-
ing that town. I made preparations to return to
the mine and stake it out properly so as to estab-
lish my right to ownership. I was so tickled
with my great luck that I got drunk. and in
some manner I must have let slip information
of my find. for when I set out for Skull Mountain
I was followed by a Greaser named Manuel Gon-
I paid no attention
to this until I reached the neighborhood of the
mine. I found the hole and passed it without
‘making any sign; but, coming to a big rock,

—I suddenly struck the Mexican to the ground

and ran for my life.

.I spent two years in various parts of Colorado.
Wyoming, Kansas and Nebraska, but was always
sure to find him sooner or later on my trail. Fin-
ally Gonzalez ran me down in Cheyenne, and
nearly killed me in a desperate attempt to wring
my secret from me. I was laid up in the hospital
for six months, and when I was discharged I
gave him the slip and came to this place. a wreck
of my former self. I gave up all thoughts of
reaping any advantage from my great discovery.
I hoped to-end my days in peace, and if I found
some one I thought worthy I meant to leave him

the secret  the Arizona mine.  year agol

 

purchased a heavy cane made of Malacca wood.
and had the handle remodeled with a secret re-
cess in it. I placed inside of this the directions
and landmarks that would enable my successor
to ﬁnd the hidden opening to the mine. This
cane I leave to you. Paul. Take it. Unscrew
the handle—not now, but after I am dead——an§
the secret of the mine at Skull Mountain will be
yours. -

“There is gold and silver quartz enough there’
to make you a wealthy man—probably a million-
aire many times over if you can take full ad-
vantage of the property, which you must acquire
according to law. Above all things watch out
for this Mexican. He is a persevering rascal.
He never-let up on me, though how he trailed
me to this place is beyond me. That he did is a
sign of his determined will. He came upon me
to-night unawares, and demanded a half-interest
in the mine, threatening me with death if I re-
fused. I did refuse. ‘

“He then beat me nearly to death. To save my
life I resorted to a ruse. I pretended I had
buried the written directions of the mine's loca-
tion and olfered _to tell him where if he would
let up on me and go. He agreed. and I pointed
to the stone in front of the ﬁre-place. He‘ left
me alone and started to dig it up. While he
was engaged thus I seized my cane and slipped
out of the house, intending to come to the ,store
here for protection. But I could get no further
than the old scarred oak where you found me. He
has got his revenge at any rate, for I can live
but a Httle while longer: but the secret is yours.
not his, and it is up to you to see that he is
foiled for good and all. He will hardly suspect
you unless——"

A noise at the window at that moment attract— .
ed the dying man's attention, which was acutely
on the alert. He sprang up with a gurgling cry
and pointed feverishly at the panes. Paul, great- "
ly startled, turned around and looked in the direc~l 
tion of the window. He was just in time to see ..
a face, swarthy in color and diabolical in expres- :
s_ion, press against the glass. Then it vanished" "
like the fading of a dream, and when Paul rushed -
to the window to look out there was nothing in
sight. Evidently it was the face of Manual Gon- _-'
zalez. The Mexican had climbed upon the roof 
of the kitchen extension. and was thus able to ..
look in at the window of the spare room. '

_“He’s gone," said Paul to himself, after a last
vain look into the gloomy night. . »;

He turned away and returned to the bed. Here if
a shock awaited him. Job Robinson's earthly: 5!
tribulations were over—he was dead.

 
 

 

CHAPTER IV.—Paul and Andy Talk It Over.

Paul and Andy watched that night over the  r
body of the old man. .The former was rather 7:
silent and thoughtful, for he had much to ponder. ‘ ..
over in'Robinson’s story of the deserted mine 
under Skull Mountain in far-far Arizona.’ And
he was heir to all that wealth, which might‘
amount to millions. The next question was now.»
was he going to prove the truth of Rohinsog '

 

   
  
 

strange and wonderful story, and, admitting, .7
genuirieness, how take possession of his inherit-
tance. ' , * _

 

   
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
 
   
   
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
    
  

' . "I can't understand how the old man allowed
_’ himself to be frightened out of his rights by that
. rascal of a Mexican. Why didn't he have him
_ arrested? Or why didn't he get up a company
vto,work the mine? Or sell his discovery  one
"or ‘more capitalists? If it wasn’t for that villain-
ous face Isaw at the window—the face of Manuel
Gonzalez, I suppose—I should almost feel inclined
:. to put the whole yarn down as a ﬁgment of the
' old man’s distorted brain.”

Paul’s eyes fell_ on the Malacca cane. He
picked it up and examined the head carefully.
;It was carved in the shape of a dog’s head and
wiis almost a work of art. He tried to unscrew
it. It took a good bit of muscle to start it, but
it ﬁnally yielded, and Paul began to unscrew
‘~‘ A with eager antieipations of what he expected to

d .

“Hello,” chipped in”Andy, who was feeling
somewhat sleepy, “what are you doing to the old
man’s cane ?" '
. , “ obinson made me a present of it before he
‘ mdkd!
‘ "What are you taking the head off for ?”
“To see wliat’s inside 1"’

Andy wanted tosee, too, so he moved his chair

closer. When the head was removed a hollow
presented itself in which Paul found a $100

355:‘, a $50, a $20, two $~10’s” and a $5 bill; also

‘'3 piece of well-thumbed paper. . _

' ’ "' ! You've made quite a haul,” said Andy,

regarding the money with great interest. “How

' have you got 2"

One hundred and ninety-ﬁve dollars,” replied

ul. after he had counted it up.

‘What's that piece of paper '."’ asked Andy.

' I can't answer that question until I have

looked at it." .

Pill! unfolded it and found a rude drawing

_ ~'what purported to be the foot of Skull Moun-

jinn. A cross marked the entrance to the mine,

 various landmarks and ﬁgures indicating dis-

 were grouped about it. _

gas ‘What do you suppose that is?” asked Andy,

-‘$50. was looking over Paul’s shoulder. '

. ‘That,’ replied Paul, “is supposed to be a very

5 _-§h,po_rtant document.”

’ ' "13 that so? What does it refer to?”

111 regarded his friend for a_ moment and

” ' . Is that so?" ejaculated Andy. “Does
 "ﬁe paper show where the mine is?”

_ It shows how to ﬁnd the entrance to the mine
you get upon the ground."

e mine is situated, what good is this paper ?"
t would be no good to me in that case. Rob-

nodded. _ '

all you have to do Is to gotliere and

ﬁthh paper you'll be able to find it?"

43% "‘1'hat’a~right, if everything is as the old man
. to me.”

_‘ E. s,i’lver mine is worth trying for,
...... . ' '
‘  it's out West,-ain’t it '.”'

 of going out "there?" —
_a;t‘pre:ent. >*Kow"'could I‘! Ivmust

,.

AFTER A FORTUNE ' i 5'

“If you don’t go soon somebody else might ﬁnd
the mine just as Robinson did, and then you'll
be dished out of the chance of your life.”

“That’s right, too; but I don’t see how I can
help myself."

“I wish you could go in search of that mine,
for I’d like to go with you,” said Andy, eagerly.

“I’d like to take you, Andy. I wouldn't care
to go out into the wilds of the Great Southwest
alone.” -

“How would you locate it ?”

“lt’s under Skull Mountain. Anybody down in
that part of the country should be able to tell
an inquirer where Skull Mountain is. It must
be a well~known landmark. I should expect to
have no trouble finding it."

“How are you going to tell on which side of
the mountain the mine lies?”

“The points of the compass are marked here _

in the corner. The mine is on the northeast side
of the mountain. The Mexican has a general
idea of the position of the mine: but without an
exact description he is all at sea. He has found
it impossible to discover the entrance to the aban-
doned galleries.
that diﬁiculty.”

“You want to be careful that you don't lose
that paper,” said Andy.

“I’ll take the same care that Robinson took.
l’l1 return it to the handle of the Malacca cane.
The cane will be easy to keep track of, and as
long as_I don’t mislay it the paper will be at
my service."

“That's a good idea.” admitted Andy. “I’d
like to help you ﬁnd that mine.”

“Well, if things could only be arranged so

that I could leave mother for two or three months

we’d go out to Arizona right away.”

“That would suit me immensely."

“We might manage it. I'd be willing to give
you a quarter interest in the mine just to have
you along.”

“I wouldn't ask you for 3 quarter interest,
Paul. Id  willing to go with you for nothing.
It 5 your mine if you find it, and I don't want to
rob you of a cent. If you should be so lucky
as to find the mine with that paper, and it turns
out to be valuable, you can give me any old thing
you choose.”

“Thanks for your oﬂ'er, Andy; but I wouldn't
offer you less than a quarter of what I made.
We're chums, old chap. I know you'd stick by
me through thick and thin, and that’s worth
something handsome if I should be so fortunate
as to_ strike it rich."

“Fix it any way you want. But what's the
use of talking about it unless you can see your
way of getting out there.”

“Well, I'm going to give the matter my earn-
est consideration. You mustn't overlook one
thing, Andy, and that is we may expect to run
,foul of the Mexican, if we should go out there.
He will probably guess that the ‘old man passed
his secret over to me. I can tell you one thing,
however; _he_ ll find that he can't scare me
like he did Job Robinsonl The old man mud

have had a timid streak in him somewhere. I -

don't t_hink one man in a thousand would have
acted like he did. The stake was worth ﬁghting

for. ‘Gonzalez found" he had Robinson rattled;
that’s why he followed him sotlo I , ‘ 
res,» 7   - '°’,;r"“""“'*‘:: 

This paper is supposed to solve '

  

 

¢,' \ 

   

3 V AFTER A

The boys continued to talk upon the interest-
ing subject of the gold and silver mine until
morning dawned, when Andy set out for the
village, a mile away, to notify the undertaker.
who was also the county coroner and the ‘head
constable. These functionaries accompanied him
in a wagon back to Harley's Corners.

 

CHAPTER V'.—Wh-ere Was Manned Gonzalez?

Robinson received a respectable burial under
the directions of Paul Clifford, his remains be-
ing deposited in the village churchyard. After
paying all the necessary expenses. the boy found
he had $100 of the old man's money left. Paul
-advised Andy to see a lawyer about prosecuting
Simon Tartar for the wages due him. The law-
yer said that Andy being a minor the contract
would not hold water, and that consequently he
‘was legally entitled to his $10 a month for ser-
vices rendered to date. For a small fee he under-
took to collect it for him.

Farmer Tartar endeavored to wriggle out of
the matter, but the village lawyer threatened
him with a suit. Tartar than consulted a lawyer
himself and was advised to settle. He oﬁered
Andy's legal representative $25, but it was not
"accepted. In the end he had to come up withthe
full amount, and "Andy got $40 of it. _ It took
nearly a month to accomplish this happy result,
during which time Andy stayed with Paul and
helped work around the place. The boys had
talked about the Arizona mine nearly every day
since the death of Job Robinson. The more they
thought about the unclaimedwealth-to which
Paul had the “open sesame" in the directions in-
scribed on the piece of paper concealed in the head
of the Malacca cane. the more eager they grew
to investigate the matter. ‘ ‘

“You’ve got $100, haven't you, Paul?” said
Andy, the day he received the money his lawyer
h_adYforced from the unwilling farmer.

“ es.

“Well, I've got 340 now. That makes $140 be-
tween us. That ought to take us down to Arizona
and keep us while we're looking into this mine if
we're willing to rough it. I'm willing to work my
way in order to save the price of transportation."

“So am 1, Andy; but you see I can't leave '

mother alone. That’s the diﬂiculty. If it wasn't
for that I'd be ready to start for the Southwest
to-morrow.”

Andy scratched his head and admitted that
their chances of going on the projected trip were
rather small as things stood.

“Now, Andy, what are you going to do’! You
can’t afford to waste your time at the store. You
ought to ﬁnd employment on one of tlm farms
hereabout. It's the beginning of May and there-
is lots of plowing and sowing to be done. You
ought to be able to pick up $10 or $12 a month."

“I guess I could: but I’d much rather go mine
hunting in Arizona," grinned the stout .boy.

“'l~‘here’s small chance’ that you and ,1 will get
:,the‘ ‘opportunity for some time yet," replied Paul.

"—: “I-”m ﬁnid that's afact. I wonder if that

went back there‘ when 318 le,arne_,d//thft

. immediate neighborhood of Harley's Come‘ ' -

FORTUNE

 

ﬁouréd a clue to his presence in this neighbor--‘ 
oo ." -

“I thought maybe the rascal would hang around ‘
and keep a watch on you on the chance that Rob-
inson had told you his secret. You said that you
saw his face at the window of the spare room
that night. the old man died." V A

“I did, though not very distinctly. Still I have ;_’
no doubt that it was Gonzalez, for it was a
swarthy. evil-looking countenance which well
ﬁtted Robinson's description of him.” * . ~

“Would you know him if you saw him again?’

“I guess I would. It was a face not easily for-
gotten.” ,

“He must have seen the old man talking to
you."

“I am sure he did.” . '

“Then I should think Jae would suspect that
Robinson had transferred the secret to you.”

“That is not impossible."

“Under such circumstances it would be natural’ _'
for him to follow you up as he did the old man, .
more especially as you’re only a boy whom ',he
might think he‘ could easily intimidate.” -'

“You take a reasonable view of the matter,
Andy,” replied Paul, th ghtfully; “but is a
whole month has gone by since Robinson died.-
and neither the constable nor anybody else, for“
that matter, has seen a suspicious-looking strung-;
er in these parts, it looks very much as if the-
Mexican had decamped for parts unknown.” "

“It is to be hoped that he has,” answered Andy. .4 
“He isn’t the kind of person you or I wouldlcare»
to meet of a dark night." ~ " _

To say thetruth, Paul had been’ keeping a 
lookout. for the Mexican ever since the death o
the old man, though he said nothing about it 1;)’ ;
Andy. The fact that Gonzalez had been lookint 5'
into the room at him and Robinson that night‘w,aa'
enough to _put him on his guard. For fear. ’, __
Mexican might have acquired some knowledge " .
the Malacca cane as the secret repository of ‘ ﬁe
information he so eagerly desired to obtain, null?‘
would make an effort to steal it, Paul had 
in a safe place. As the days went by and the
rascal gave no signs of his existence in the '
borhood, the boy gradually came to the co ,'
sion that Gonzalez had abandoned his eforts in
that direction and had returned to Arizona. Aigg‘;
his conversation with Paul, Andy left the ,'
in search of a temporary job on one of the nedrb ;
farms. At the first place he applied for work-eg
was engaged. ’

“I've got work for several months if I want
stay," he said to Paul that evening when he
turned for supper. - -7

“I. thought you'd have no trouble catching 03., » 7
replied his chum. “You must come in ‘and at
me as often as you can." « - -'

“Bet your life I will. If I work six months?
have $100 tolmatch your little pile. Then I :
there’ll be a chance for us to set of for Arizonﬁ. ’

Paul laughed. He had very little expectation
seeing Arizona, or any other place outside

    
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
    
    
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
    

"*a:i(...x« 3~ : . -

   
    
   
  
  
     
    
    
   
    
  

year. But then it is the unexpected that ‘
happens. . I

 
 

   

 

      
     
 

CHAPTER VI;—“The Paper of  y
.  evening a few days later as.  A

%""!.s*"=.‘°=*“* 

 
  
 
     

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
  

AFTER A

neighbor who lived a short distance down the
road, came in and said that his mother was sick
and wanted Mrs. Clifford to go around to her
house and stay a little while. Paul took the mes-
sage in to the sitting—room, where his mother was
‘. sewing, and she came out and spoke to the boy.

“Tell your mother that I'll be right over,” she
said, whereupon the boy left the store. -

“I'm going over to Mrs. Parker’s, Paul,” she
said, turning to her son. “I may not return be-
fore ten.”

“Very well, mother,” he answered. “I’ll watch
out for you.”

Mrs. Clifford went upstairs to get her things
. and then departed for the’ home of Mrs. Parker,
while Paul closed up the store, barred the door
and windows as usual, and then went "into the
sitting-room to read until his mother came back.

There were not many books in the little wall
-‘bookcase, but there was one Paul had read and
re-read many times since he was nine years of
age. That was the “Adventures of Robinson
Crusoe,” .and the boy mechanically took it down,
and opening it at random began to read. He
was sooninterested again in the ‘rescue of Friday
by Crusoe, and did not hear a creaking sound in
:the kitchen beyond. This noise went on for a
little while in a cautious» way and ﬁnally it
 After a moment it was resumed and end-
, ed with a sharp snap which attracted the boy’s at-

tention.
7-‘ “What's that?" he said, partly closing the
, looking up and listening. ’
_~.XCreak—creak—creak! Just as if somebody was
._moving softly across the kitchen ﬂoor. Paul was
 certain that an intruder had effected an en-

yaprang to his feet and started for the door of the
” I’ entry between the two rooms. As he did
 the sitting-room door, which was slightly ajar,
opened slowly inward, and there before his eyes
.stood a ﬁerce-eyed, dark-featured man, with fings
h his ears and a broad-rimmed, soft hat pulled
Well down upon his forehead, whom he instinct-
gﬁely recognized as Manuel Gonzalez. Paul
liopped spellbound, for the appearance of _this
man in his own home at this hour of the night,
, when he was supposed to_ be many hundreds
mles away, was a surprise and a shock to
‘bun. As the Mexican’s eyes encountered the boy
l':»crafty,_sardonic expression ﬂitted across his
lunbnrned features. He entered the room and
closed the door behind him.

‘So! young senor, we meet at last, eh 7" he
i , in sibilant tones.
‘Who are you, and what do you want here in
, house ?" demanded Paul, resolutely. ’
"’~ "Is it necessary that I introduce myself? Have
°.§ut..,,you seen my face before? Did not Senor

‘ ‘” speak to you of me?” ,
, "You are Manuel Gonzalez."
The Mexican grinned. _ ' _ _
fﬁi, senor. You have it quite r12ht- 1
 , nzalez."
"‘Well,‘what is your businesshere  _
 husiitiess!” with an evil smile. “Do you

:; I u

answered Paul, desperately.
' _sl_:ot ‘air uapleasantlook at the

s. raring. yégnalsénoézfj

am

      
   
   

 

 

FORTUNE 7

“It shall be a waste of time. I am here for a
purpose. Why did I follow Senor Robinson from
Arizona ﬁve years ago to Santa Fe, to Denver, to
—pshaw! wherever he went to escape me, who
was always upon his heels, like his shadow, till
I tracked him at last to this spot, where he did
fancy himself safe? Is it necessary that I tell
you? Did not the senor tell you everything that
night he passed in his chips? I am not asleep,
young senor, that I cannot guess all that passed
between Senor Robinson and you that night. I
was some time at the window before my pres-
ence there was discovered. My ears are sharp.
Who shall say that I did not hear much of what
was said?”

“You are responsible for Robinson's death,”
said Paul, fearlessly.

“Not so. It was his own fault that he got
hurt. He was stubborn. I wanted something
which he rnfuseo me. I had, shall I say, the whip
hand of ill)... Yet he would not do as I wished.
_So I teach him a lesson—it was the second, and
it shall be the last, as the case stands. He is
dead, but that shall not —matter, since he has
passed to you the secret I have watched and
waited five years to get. You will give it to me
and we shall part as friends,” with a malicious
grin. “Should it happen that you, too, are stub-
born—caramba!” ﬁercely, “I teach you a lesson
you will not soon forget, I promise you.”

“Do you also know that there fs'a warrant out
for your arrest on the charge of murderous as-
sault against Robinson '."'

“I care nothing for that. ..What are your con-
stables to me‘! I snap my ﬁngers at them. They
are as nothing,” and the Mexican grinned con-
temptuously. “Where is that paper Senor Robin-
son gave you 1'"

“Where you are not likely to find it,” replied
Paul, curtly. ‘~

“Cairambal You defy me?" exclaimed’ Gon-
zalez, ﬁercely, advancing a step or two toward
the boy, his eyes snapping like coals of tire.

I want you to get out of this house, Manuel
Gonzalez.”

“Are you mad, that you speak to me in that
Why?” hissed the Mexican. ‘Produce the paper
(k))rnl( shall kill you as I would a horse that was

a y.

'lNlth a‘ guick movement the rascal drew a
wicked-looking knife from one of his boots and
advanced upon Paul. The boy grabbed up a chair
to defend himself. _

, “Tliat is for you to say,” responded the Mexi-
can, with a nasty gleam in his eyes. “Your life
is of no importance to me—the paper is every-
thing. 'l‘o you the case is the revei-se——the paper
nothing, your life everything. Give me the paper
and I go. I will also a promise make to you. I

will send to you 31,000 out of what I get for the

mine. You see -that I am liberal,” with a grin.

“I will make no bargain with you whatever,”
retorted Paul, sturdily. ‘The paper you cannot
have. Robinson gave me the mine, and the paper
is the only guide by which it may be found. I'm
not to be bulldozed like the old man.
should kill me it will not do you any good. ‘I

have hidden the paper where no one but myself

can ﬁnd it. Now you have my answer, and if",

you try to injure me I will defend ‘myself to the

best of my ability.” _ .
Paul spoke the poiutynot deﬁantly’  

is

Ifyou~

  
   
 

  

 

 

;..“'ri.en- he did not cut stick, after all.

   

He meant what he said, and the Mexi-

olutely.
can ‘saw that he did. It was a new sensation_for
Gonzalez to be bearded to his face by a striphng,

and it made him furious.

“You are a fool!" he ejaculated angrily. “You
talk loud, but we shall see if you talk the same
when I prick the skin over your heart with my
knife. If I get not the paper, at least I shall
make sure that you do not beneﬁt by it yourself.”

He‘ rushed upon Paul and grabbed ‘the rungs
of the chair as the boy lunged it at him. Then
he made a sweep with his knife that cut a long
gash in Cliﬁ'ord’s jacket. Paul was a stout 
for his years, and as he felt that he was fighting
for his life he gave the Mexican all he could do
to hold his own. He pushed the rascal into a

~ corner of the room and held him there, avoiding

the glittering knife by dexterous dodging.

“I will kill you!" hissed Gonzalez, furiously,
making another ineffectual jab.

Placing the knife between his teeth, he grabbed

the chair with both hands and with a sudden"

twist tore it from Paul's hands.
.“I have you now!” he cried, springing at the

3'-

Paul tried to avoid the clutch of his sinewy
arms, but failed, and was seized and borne to the
ﬂoor, where the Mexican held him powerless.

“Now you will agree to give me that paper or
it will be the last of you,” he said, triumphantly.
taking the knife from his teeth and poising it
above the lad’s heart. “You have one minute to
decide. Which shall it be‘! Death or the paper ?"

“Neither!” exclaimed a boyish voice behind him,
and the rascal felt a‘-vise~like grip close upon the
wrist of the hand that held" the knife.\

CHAPTER VII.--Leaying Harley's Corners.

The newcomer on the scene was Andy Blake,
and he had arrived at a most ‘opportune moment
for his chum, Paul Clifford.

“Caramba! What is this?" hissed Gonzalez,
endeavoring to release his wrist.

“No,~ you don’t, you bloodthirsty villain!” re-

- turned Andy, holding on with a grip of steel, for

his muscles were in fine shape from months of
hard training at farm work. ‘ “Drop that knife or
I'll choke the life out of you,” and the speaker
threw his other arm about the Mexican’s neck
and bent his head backward.

Andy had the man practically at his mercy, and
the rascal. recognizing the fact, let go of the
knife with a volley of foreign oaths. Blake then
pulled him back off his intended victim, and Paul

~ scrambled to his feet.

“Thanks,” Andy,” said Clifford, gratefully. “You
came at the right moment. The scoundrel meant
to kill me.”

“Carambal You will let me go," cried the

" Mexican, struggling to free ‘himself.

When I let you go

“Not on your life I won't.
Who is

it will be to march you to the lock-up.
this man, Paul?” _
” “Manuel Gonzalez, the murderer of Job Robin-

son.
He has

' somewhere in‘ the ne' borhood while

 consta es were hunting for him. Well, we've

.got him now, and he will go to jail, for his crime."

xx

‘AFTER A FORTUNE ./

 

/

“Ha! You send me to jail? You boys!

“Yes, we'll see that you get there. Hunt up a‘
piece of rope to tie ‘him with, Paul. I've got a
grip on him that he can't break.”

Paul rushed into the store and presently re-
turned with a stout piece of soft Manilla rope.
While Andy held him tight P.aul tied his arms
and legs, and when. he was secure they left him
'to himself, cursing and scowling horribly.

“This is a nasty weapon,” said Andy, picking
up the knife.

“It looked pretty ﬁerce to me when he had me . ,

down on the floor. But how is it that you so
providentially arrived when I most needed you?”

“Mrs. Baxter wanted a yard of a certain goods
she bought of your mother a _few days ago and
she sent me here to get it for her. as the horses
will all be employed to-morrow and for the rest
of the week,‘ and she wouldn't be able to come
in here herself. Where is your mother?"

“Gone to visit a sick neighbor. I expect her
back soon now.”

“You ought to keep your kitchen door locked. ‘

I s"pose that's the way the rascal got in here. I
guess he must have surprised you.”

“The door was locked and bolted. He evident-
ly forced the door." '

“I'd better walk to the village, hadn’t I. and
bring the head constable back with me?" said.
Andy. “You don't want this fellow in your house
any longer than you can help."

“I wish.you would, Andy. I'll keep guard over
him while you're gone."

So Andy started for the village without delay.

“You think you have me on the hip. eh?’
sneered the Mexican, whenhe and Paul was
alone in the kitchen. “He laughs best who laughs
last, young senor." '

“I agree with you, Mister Gonzalez," replied
the boy, cheerfully.
now it is my turn.”

Pah!" ’

 

“You had the first laugh,‘

“I will yet the laugh have on you, I promise“.

$33‘ i.3i3“u?§§ §§§e?.‘" 1‘£fsi.'L‘ii ‘§‘.i‘t’di°’.r§.°g"§'3‘e‘. 3"‘
‘as.‘.:”;“.:a:g§;§:.S:::;.°‘,z:: é.s.°.:::.', —
for you’ll soon ‘n the county jail at Bakeme
ﬁe_ld,”where you will stay until you are brought to "
tn'I‘lie Mexican made no reply, but his wicked 

tle eyes seemed to speak volumes that meant no ‘

good to Paul Cliﬁord. Mrs. Cliiford returned.‘
home before Andy got back with the constable;
and she was unpleasantly surprised to ﬁnd her,
son standing guard over the hard-l oking Greaser.
Paul explained matters to her, repressing '
worst part of it in order not to alarm her

much. She did not feel easy, however, until the

 

rattle of wheels outside announced the arrival of». .

the village officer. The Mexican was speedily 
with little ceremony bundled into the wagon ané
carried oil’ to- the village lock-up. - ’ '

“It's to be hoped he'll get his just deserts," said
Paul to his mother and Andy as the wagbn dig;
appeared into the darkness. “He ought to 
for causing the death of Job Robinson.” ,

Mrs. Clifford went into'the store and got that
yard of dress material that Mrs. Baxter H
Andy for and handed him the bundle.

“It was a mighty lucky thing for mertha
Baxter sent you over to-night 3''’. said ,
walked down as far asthe lane with

.,r’ , Pg.

 
   

   

 “I guess it was.
:2’; to stab you?”
3: _ “It looked like it. He seemed determined to
 get hold of that paper Robinson gave me. I was
» surprised to think he knew of its existence.”
“He’s a pretty hard customer to head oﬁ. Now
that he’s behind bolts and bars there’s some hope
W  that he won’t bother us in the future.”
‘” » The two boys parted at the lane,~Paul returning
‘~f,_ home. He said his prayers that night with un-
‘ usual earnestness, for he was deeply grateful to
Heaven for preserving his life. Next morning
Paul and Andy went to the village to appear at
the examination of the Mexican. He was held
.: on the charge of murderous assault against Paul
- and was sent to the jail at Bakersﬁeld, the county
“.4: seat, to await trial.’ That af‘ ti-noon Mrs. ‘Clifford
“"- receiyed a letter from her only sister, who was
‘" living in Chicago, announcing the sudden death
cf her husband. She begged Mrs. Clifford to sell
out her store'at Harley’s Corners and come to
the Windy City and live with her.
“ “Well, mother, why don't you do it?” said
_l?aul. ’“We’ve only been living from hand to
-mouth in this place. I, for one, am heartily sick
if it.”
“I agree with you, Paul," replied his mother.
thoughtfully. “The change would be greatly to
our advantage. Lucy has"a very comfortable
home in Chicago, and her husband has left her
;'pvrett'y well provided for. I shall write her that
‘We will come on as soon as I can dispose of the

Do you think he.really meant

 
 
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
    
    
  
    
 

“Write her that you will come, mother. Leave
ﬁe out of it for the present.”
“Why, Paul, I couldn't leave you out here.”
“Oh, I'm not going to remain in Minnesota.”
Why, whatido you mean ?"
Paul repeated, as well as he could remember,
that Robinson told him just before his death.
_ story astonished Mrs. Cliﬂord. Paul got the
" ' cane from its hiding-place, and, unscrew-
‘ the handle, showed -his mother the paper
’ contained the secret directions to find the
,d abandoned mine.
Mother and son talked the matter over for a
1: time that night, and finally Pau_1 won her
fieluctant consent to his proposed trip to Ari-
lma. The store was at once advertised for sale
the Bakersﬁeld papers, and several people
‘came to look at it and to inquire into its pros-
siitts. Mrs. Clifford was not able to get _her
‘ - , but she did better than Paul -had any idea
& she would in suth a short time. So the
. was sold, and Paul and his mother packed
 their personal eﬂ’ects.preparatory to leav-
»B.'arley’s Corners. The boy bundled into a
of grips what he thought would be abso-
' y essential take with him to Arizona, the
-. ‘of his ongings his mother was to car-
. . her to Chicago. As it was necessary that
i «A Paul and Andy should appear at the forth-
...; trial of Manuel Gonzalez to secure his
' it was arranged between the boys
the former should stay m‘Bakers_ﬁeld during
 time, while Andy retained his )0
Baxter farm until the time arrived when
huh! start upon their journey to the South-
Tm days before the date set for the trial
-Exiean. Mra.'Cli£ard set out for her sis-
in Chicago, after’ taking a fond fare-

»
»

  

    
  
  
   
  

 

r_ 2"‘

 

 She made ‘P8131 womise he

AFPER A FORTUNE ' i 9

.»

would not remain a day longer in Arizona than

was necessary for him to carry out the object 3

of his trip.

“And write me as often as you can, dear,” she
said. “You know that I shall not feel easy in my
mind unless I know that everything is going well
with you.”

‘‘All right, mother. I’ll keep you posted about
my movements. But you must not expect to hear
regularly from me after I leave Tucson for Skull
Mountain. It’s a kind of wilderness where the-
mine is, and it may be " week before I can get
back to the capital and send you the important
news that I have found the mine.”

With that Mrs. Clifford had to be content,
thoiugh naturally she was not thoroughly satis-
ﬁe . ~ -

CHAPTER VIII.—0n Board the City of Duluth.

In due time Manuel Gonzalez was brought be’-
fore the Circuit Court of Blank County, Minne-
sota, and pleaded not guilty of the crime he was
charged with. A lawyer was appointed by the
court to defend him and the trial proceeded. It
did not take long to bring all the evidence there
was against him before the jury, as Paul and
Andy were the only witnesses called. As the Mex-
ican refused to go on the stand in his own be-
half, the lawyer did the best he could with a
rocky case. The jury promptly found him guilty
and he was sentenced to ten years in the peni-
tentiary. The rascal, however, never put on the
prison stripes, as he managed to escape from
the deputy sheriﬁ who was taking him to the
State prison, jumping from the moving train and
eluding every elfort made to effect his recapture.
Paul and Andy, however, did not hear of this,
because before the intelligence of the Mexican’s
escape reached Bakersﬁeld they had already be-
gun their Journey toward Arizona by taking" a
train to St. Paul, where they expected toship on
a steamboat down the Mississippi as far as St.
Louis at least. They had $150 in money between
them, but they intended to save as much of this
as possible by working their way as far as they
could toward their destination. On reaching St.
Paul the boys, after getting their dinner at a
restaurant, started for the river front. I

They found several steamers loading freight
for diﬁerent points down the big river, and they
made application at three of the boats unsuccess-
fully for the chance to work their way to the
steamboat’s destination. At thefourth, however,
they caught on, much to their satisfaction, and,
donning a pair of blue overalls apiece, they Ditch-
edin and hustledaswellasanyoftheregular
hands. The name of the.boat was the City of
Duluth, and she starteddown the river at ﬁve
o'clock. A solitary passenger walked aboard t
Davenport. ‘He wore a soft-crowned hat, pull;
d,0V_Vn We? his eyes. find his jaws were bound up
as if he had a big boil on his face or a toothache.
This passenger didn't go to the cabin, but hung
around the lower deck watching the deckhands
loadmr and d_ g freight. Suddenly he
gave a perceptible start and‘ cast a penetrating
look at Paul Clifford as that lad wheeled a truck
load of small boxes up the gangway. After that
h'emftollowed the boy’: movements wherever In

 
 

  

 

 

 

10' ’ AFPER A FORTUNE = \ A 

“Ha!” he muttered. “If I mistake not, this boy
is on his way to locate the mine. He is working
his way down the river, which is a sign that he
shall not be flush. Good. It is great luck that
I meet him by the way. Caramba! I shall not
lose sight of him until I get that paper."

After the steamer left Davenport the passen-
ger. whom the reader has recognized as the es-
caped Manuel Gonzalez, wandered stealthily
around the freight deck until he noticed that the
hands had gone to their bunks below. Then he
went fox-ward and sat for an hour-looking out on
the dark river. turning over various plans in his
scheming brain for getting possession of the im-
portant paper he wanted so badly. At length he
got up and made his way cautiously to the open-
ing which led to the deckhands' sleeping quarters.

An upright iron ladder afforded him the means
of descent, and soon he was standing, like a
shadow, in the narrow compartment the sides of
which were lined with rude bunks in tiers of two.
A dull l’ght was diffused through the place from
a lantern suspended aloft. All the occupants of
the place were asleep. as was attested by their
deep and regular breathing. After assuring him-
self that he was unobserved. the Mexican began
a tour of the bunks, narrowly examining each
sleeper. At last he paused before one with a
chuckle of satisfaction. Paul Clifford lay stretched
there in blissful unconsciousness that his enemy
was so close at hand.

His. last thoughts of Gonzalez were that the
rascal had already begun his ten-year sentence
in the Minnesota State prison. He did not dream
that the villain had escaped from the grasp of
the authorities, and was now at large to inter-
fere with his search for the Arizona mine. If
such a hint had reached him he' would have been
much disturbed, for he had abundant evidence
that the Mexican was a subtle and dangerous
factor to cope against. Bending down to make
certain that Paul was asleep. Gonzalez lifted his
jacket from the peg by which it was suspended.
and deftly searched every pocket. He found sev-
eral folded papers, but none saw what he wanted.
Then he examined the boy's pocketbook, without
success, though he appropriated the six dollars in
bills he found in it. Finally‘ he carefully felt the
lining all over.

“Ha! What's this ?" he breathed, as his ﬁngers
encountered something that felt suspiciously like
a ﬂat wad of paper.

Sinking down beside the bunk he tore the lining
loose, and took out the $150 in big bills Paul had
Iewed up there- For a moment the Mexican"s
eyes gleamed with satisfaction, as he thrust the
money into his" pocket; but it was followed by a
low oath of disappointment, for though the bills
vnrewelcome to him, they cut but a small ﬁgure
bdide the important paper. He searched every
lid: of the lining for that, but was disappointed.

‘Where can he have hidden it '3” muttered Gon-
zalez, angrily. “One would think he would have
carried it with the money."

He went through Paul's trousers next, though
without any great hopes of ﬁnding the paper
there. Next he felt under the pillow on which
the boy's head rested. There was nothing there
as far-as he could discover. Then his eyes ighted

‘on Paul's grips, thrust under the bunk in com-
 puny-with Andy's valise. He nulled_them one by
' . me from their, restuigsplace, and slit them open

   
 

in turn with the blade of a sharp pocket-knife. _
He pulled everything out of them, and examined 3
each article carefully without result. The ‘Mexi-
can was now at his wit's end, and he glared in
ferocious disappointment at the sleeping boy. He
rolled back the blanket. and with a light touch
felt all over Paul's shirt. There was not the

' slightest indication of a paper anywhere. At

that moment his sharp eyes noticed the Malacca
cane once the property of Job Robinson.

_“Ha! ‘ What shall he want to carry that with
him for? Of what use is a cane to a bo_v'.’ It
was Robinson's."

He picked it from its resting spot at the back
of the bunk, and began to look it over with criti-
cal attention. As far as he _could make out it
was merely a stout cane with a thick head carved
to resemble a mastifT's face. .

_ “Bah!” he muttered, impatiently, returning it to
its former position, never dreaming that his fin— .
gers had" been within a quarter of an inch of the ‘
paper he was so eager to obtain. He stood in
impotent perplexity before the bunk, racking his ._
fertile brain for some clew that would suggest ~',
another spot to search. It was at that moment ‘§
Andy rolled over and opened his eyes. He occu- ‘{
pied the bunk above Paul's. The Mexican drew 7;
back, but the movement did not escape Andy. ‘
He raised himself on his elbow and looked
straight at the intruder.

“Who's there '3" he demanded. ‘ —

Gonzalez squeezed against the adjoining bunk
and held his breath. Andy, however, was wide ..
awake now, and saw the ﬁgure. He reached out .
(suddenly and grasped the Mexican by the shoul-

er. . _

“Why don't you answer?" he asked, suspik”
ciously. , 4 -

The intruder shook oil" the boy’s hand, and in’
doing so his hat fell off. He stooped, picked it-
up, and started for the iron ladder. The light
from the swinging lantern fell full upon his face.
Andy thought he must be dreaming. for the sin-
ister countenance his eyes rested on was the face
of Manuel Gonzalez.

 

CHAPTER IX.-—Stranded.

It was a suspicious circumstance. anyway, that ~:~
the intruder had refused to make any answer to ,-
his hail, and was now hustling up the ladder; ll ' "
fast as he could. So Andy reached down and
shook Paul into wakefulness. , ’ 

“Wake up. Paul: there’s something wrong: - 

“What's the matter, Andy? What are you‘
talking about ?” asked Paul. springing from 
bunk in a bewildered kind of way. v- ‘ ‘-

“Get on your clothes," said Andy, jumping to
the deck and hurriedly getting into his punk, *
“Who do you suppose I saw just now ?" 

“How should I know?”

“Well. I saw either Manuel Gonzalez——on bound .
this steamer!” gasped, with a short laugh. ‘Yes,
mean you dreamed that you saw him.” , ‘,r _,
’ “No, I didn't dream it at all. '
somebody that looked exactly like him,  _
a moment ago. He was ﬂattened up against "5"
foot of the -adjoiningbunk when I woke upgsilins ‘
denly. I didn't know who the man  
Thought it was one :5: the deck-hands,‘ and

: .

  

5 5-I

 

   
  
  
   
  
     
  
    
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
    
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
     
   
   
  
   
  
   

f. .
tohim. Receiving no answer, I reached out and
grabbed him by the shoulder. He wrenched him-
self: free, dropped his hat, stooped to pick it up,
 V and then I saw his face in the light. Well, say,
 -you could have knocked me over with a feather,

for I could have sworn it was the Mexican.”

* .“-Nonsense! Gonzalez is in the Minnesota State
prison." . . -

-»‘ . "I hope he is; but I have my doubts after what
'1 saw just now."

, -“Paul-saw that his companion was not jesting,
“but thoroughly in earnest. .

“I'm goingon deck,” said Andy, “though I s’pose
 time it will be something of a fool’s er-
.,1'a.nd. Whoever that chap was, and whatever his
_mission- down here, he has had time enough to
’ conceal himself among the freight, or if he'has a
stateroom, has stolen back to it.”

. Paul sat down on the edge of his bunk half
dressed, and waited for Andy to come back. The
thump of theengine and the jarring of the boat
- use above the breathing of the sleepers. He had
not noticed those sounds so plainly as he did
nan-in the silence of the early morning hours.

‘5Andy, of course, was mistaken in thinking

that he actually saw Gonza1e_z on this boat. That
Itasca} is safe enough in his cell in the State
5 son, and there is as much chance of his making
escape from there befoi-e,hi_s term is up as
his sprouting wings and ﬂying. Andy saw
iolnebody that may have looked like him in the
poor light down here.” _ . _
At that moment Paul saw his Jacket lying on
deck. He picked it up and was about to
A it on the peg again when he noticed a sec-
the lining hanging down.

' y goodness!” he exslaimed. with a sudden
inking of the heart, as he hastily examined the
 of the jacket. “Every cent of our_ $150
done! How careless I was to leave my Jacket
 on that peg. The fellow Andy saw must
% been the thief. Yet how co_u_ld. he ever sus-
_ that that money was in the lining‘! This is
. - luck for fair. Andy and I are now prac-
‘ y stranded. Let me see how much I have
_ in my pocketbook.”

.~.3When Paul opened that he found that the few
sﬁall bills he remembered placing in it to meet

Eumg expenses were also gone. He stared at

empty compartment in utter dismay.
~r “' were they to do now? ‘
ﬁeaned out of all but ﬁfty or sixty cents, they
iv in .a pretty bad wav indeed.

':-“Andy will have a fit," groaned Paul, discon-

' y. “What ever was it that caused me to
"that money into my jacket when I might
.-left it in the handle of the cane, where
a  carried it.’ .
t reflection caused him to look in almost a
4:1 apprehension for the cane itself. Per-
.«‘.tI_Ia't had also vanished. No; it was safe
. where he had left it at the back of the
‘V .that was gone I'd throw up my hands, for
- dn’t be a particle of good 801118‘ to
without that paper. I remember I hpd
to sew the paper int!) my jacket with
‘instead of bring’ the heavy, cane
» "I e so it won] have disappeared

      
 

    
 

 

FORTUNE. 11

to work our way the entire distance, as well as
put in time as we go on in order to accumulate
a few dollars for extra expenses.”

There was a noise on the iron ladder, and down
came Andy. -

“I couldn’t see any sign of the fellow,” he said,
pausing before Paul.

“Then we must notify the mate the first thing
in the morning, because whoever the rascal was,
he's a thief.” .

“A thief !” exclaimed Andy. A

“Yes. Heripped the lining of my jacket open,
and stole our $150.” - '

“Paul Clifford, you don't mean it!” gasped Andy
in a blue funk. ‘

1“Just look at my jacket, then. It tells its own
ta e.” .

Andy almost collapsed as he noted the torn
lining.

“The villain has robbed us!” he groaned. “Has
he taken your pocket book. too ?”

 “No; but he captured the six dollars I had in
1 .1,

“And we're busted '."’

“Our entire capital is reduced to 67 cents.”

Andy looked the picture of misery.

“How are we going to get to Arizona now? He
didn't carry the cane off, too, did he '.”’ he asked,
turning almost pale.

“No. If he saw it it did not interest him.” _

“Thank goodness for that! That would have
been the last straw.”

“That's what it would.”

“Say,” said Andy, pointing under Paul’s bunk,
"those ain't your socks, are they?”

“Sure they are. How came they there? I
hsven’t opened either of my grips since we left
Bakersﬁeld.” V

He hurriedly pulled out his grips. and then the
damage done by the Mexican was fully revealed.
The grips were ruined. and the major part of
their contents thrust under the bunks.

“Well, if that isn't enough to make a saint
swear,” cried Paul. angrily. ’

He pinned up the rents in the lining of his
jacket as well as he could, then he and Andy
ran up the ladder to the main deck. They quiet-
ly searched through the freight piled all about
the deck, but they did not come across any signs
of the rascal who had been in the sleeping berth.

CHAl"I‘ER—X.—-Paul and Andy Reach Vicksburg.

All handswere astir around six o’lcock. As

soon as the mate appeared Paul and Andy pre- ‘

sented themselves before him and told their story.

»The mate looked at Paul's torn vest, and then

went down into the deck-hands’ sleeping quarters
and saw the evidence presented by the ruined

grips. There was. no doubting the story’that the

lads told.

“I'll report the matter to the captain," said the
mate. “He will probably take some means to
capture the rascal.” .

At half-past seven Paul and Andy were surn-
moned to the captain's omce, and repeated thﬁ
story to the commander of the City of Duluth.
'_l‘het1l>:‘irser was sent for. and questioned concen-
111!

 

passenger: whohadgotahoardat  A

    
 

 w‘

 

7 freight yards about dark.

12

His face was

“There was only one, sir.
He had a

bandaged up as if he had a toothache.
through ticket to St. Louis." ,

“Did he have a dark complexion ‘I’ asked Paul.

“Yes. He looked something like a Mexican."

“That's the man," cried Andy.

“We ought to be able to ﬁnd him on board,
even if he removes the bandage,” remarked the
captain.

“He didn't have any bandage on his face when
I saw him in our sleeping quarters,” asserted
Andy. ,

“Well, purser, keep your eyes open as you pass

_ through the boat, and when you see the man with

the St. Louis ticket, ask him‘to walk into my
oﬁice.”

“Very well, sir."

The captain then directed the mate to allow
Andy to watch the passenger gangway while the
beat remained at Burlington,‘ and to take such
other measures for the capture of the thief as
his judgment dictated. The steamer reached her
landing about nine o'clock, and some forty people
marched on shore. Andy scrutinized every one
of them, but the dark‘-featured man was not
among the crowd.

The Mexican concluded not to risk going ashore
here, for after some cautious observations, he
returned to hiding, and in due time the boat left
her wharf. Her next landing was at Hannibal,
Missouri, sixty miles or so below Keokuk, and her
time-table announced her to be due there at.six
p. in. She arrived on time. Gonzalez resolved to
leave the steamer at this city at all hazards, as
he was famished. He watched his chance after
the gang-plank was put out, and mingled in
with a bunch of passengers. Andy was there on
the watch, but he failed after all in singling out
the Mexican, and so Gonzalez made his escape
undetected from the steamer.

The result was that the -boys reached St. Louis
on the following afternoon without having re-
covered their money. A collection was taken up
for them, and the captain‘ also paid them the
regular wages for the down-trip, though they
had agreed to work for their passage and food
alone. They were allowed _to pass the night on
board and have breakfast in the morning, then
bidding good-by to the mate and the regular
deck-hands, they left the wharf with $16 in Paul's

pocketbook.

That afternoon they got a job on a schooner
loaded with ﬂour which was bound do > ' to Cairo.
As they had a spanking breeze ‘all the way,
they reached Cairo at two o'clock next day, when
they put in the rest of the day and the_greater
part of the following morning unloading the
cargo. This left them about 200 miles south-
west of St. Louis, with something over $20 in
cash to carry them further on their journey.
From Cairo they got a chance on a sloop as far
as Memphis, and from that city‘ they succeeded
in getting free transportation down the river to

_Vicksburg. -

“This ends our cruise on the Mississippi," said
Paul, when they stepped on shore at Vicksburg.
‘We must make for Forth Worth by rail, even
K we have to walk the ties.” ‘

They crossed the river and wandered into the
are they 'made the
f one o the yard men.

Qsualadiﬁaintanceo

 

AFTER A

 

led P

FORTUNE

. . \

“So you're strapped and want to reach Fort
Worth ?" grinned the man. _

“That's about the size of it."

“I might manage to help you a bit. You see
that freight on yonder track that is being made
up now?”

The boys said they saw it.

“That will pull out for Shreveport in about an
hour. I'll smuggle you aboard one of the empty
box-cars, and some time to-morrow morning you'll
ﬁnd yourselves at the other side of the State."

Thus speaking, he led the way across the
tracks, and presently the two boys were stowed
in an empty box-car that was to carry them al-
most clear across the State of Louisiana.

 

CHAPTER XI.——Tucson at Last.

Three weeks later two dusty—looking, travel-

stained boys alighted from an empty freight car-. 

at Tucson. Arizona, on the line of the Southern
Paciﬁc Railroad. Their names were Paul Clif:
ford and Andy Blake, and they looked as if they
had received a good many hard bumps since
they left the banks of the Mississippi River. Paul
carried a disreputable grip in one hand and Job

...-5;‘.-.z.a  .- .

while Andy lugged the same valise he had

Robinson's dog-faced Malacca cane in the other, 

brought all the way from Harley's Corners.

“Tucson at last!" exclaimed Paul, with a gleamt ' i

of satisfaction in his eyes. -
“It's about time," grinned Andy.
we'd never get here.”

“I thought 5f";

“After what we've \een through trying to get» 

here the hundred miles between this place and

Skull Mountain won't seem anything,” said Paul.
“That's right; it won't. If we haven't roughed . _

it ever since we left Shreveport to beat the band
I don't know what you 'call it.” ‘
“You're right, Andy, we've had a fierce time.’
“Fierce!
come more than once.
it hard.

We've been up against

Well, say, I thought my time had 

I feel as if I can stand anything now; 
That last jolt we got in New Mexico from the y "

train was something to make the angels weep. - '

I thought I was a gone goose for fair.

The’ Q.-..

must have taken us for the india-rubber twins.’ 
The boys inquired the way to a cheap hotel,’ ".
and were directed to the Canyon House. on 

Phoenix street, not far from the post-oﬂice. They

registered, and were shown to a plainly furnished 

square room in the end of the house.

“Supper will be ready in an hour, young gents,’ 

said“the proprietor, who was also his own c

part of the time, when Paul and Andy returned, 

downstairs after having gotten rid of some of the ,.

grime accumulated during their rough experieliee ‘

across the continent from Shreveport, Louisiana’. =‘-;§

Andy licked his chops on hearing this wdmma

news, for neither had enjoyed a square meal fdl‘

nearly a month. ” ‘
“Supper will _be ready in an hour,’

Kﬁﬁﬁgi
Andy. “That sounds good, doesn't it? I'm 

the table is going to suffer as soon as I get mg
legs under it. I'm so hungry I could eat a-wiblt
big beefsteak with all the ﬁxings.” .. 
“As this is a cheap hotel, I'm thinking ' ‘

have tolgsatisfy your appetite by ‘degrees.

  

 ‘ ,

AFTER A

 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
 
   
 
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  

“Oh, my! Don't say that,”‘replied Andy, dole-

y.
., “Well, we'll see what we'll see when we reach
, ‘ the dining-room,” replied Paul, encouragingly. _

 The landlord was curious to learn where_his
3:-_ " visitors had come from, where they were going,
 and how long they expected to remain at his

. “We’re going over to Skull Mountain,” replied

“Skull Mountain!" ejaculated the hotel man, in
‘astonishment. “Why there? Do you know the
character of the country between here and the
‘A50 range? It is the same as a desert. _ You
A won't ﬁnd a dozen houses south of the railroad
-between here and Skull Mountain. which is the
 advance peak of the Ajo range. No one but
4». -prospectors go out there, and not many of them.
_ZYou look too young and inexperienced for that
-business. So far I have not heard that any gold
_or silver has been found in that district.”
 “How far is Skull Mountain from Tucson '!"
asked Paul. . ‘
.- “How far? All of 100 miles.”
-,“How far from the railroad?"
e_~_‘Tl1e nearest town on the railroad is, I should
 forty miles from the mountain, but the
 itself runs up to the. track.”
Paul conversed with the landlord of the Can-
,on,I-Iouse until the bell ran: for supper, which
was a signal for both of the boys to make a
break for the dining-room. They were the first
at the table, and their appetites astonished the
girl who waited on them. Supper was only a
'ondary meal at the hotel, so Paul had'to tip
_ waitress off as an inducement to stretch the
hilivof-fare for their. especial beneﬁt. Even at
. ’ Andy declared when they came away that
- it!» had only had half enough to eat. After
‘i  Paul and Andy wandered around town
‘and took in the sights. Theyymet a number of
ﬁngh characters, many of them Mexicans on a
with Manual Gonzalez. -
The boys did not attract any special attention.
they would had they looked prosperous. When
A descended on the town the liquor saloons,
5d1?va'ys open, blossomed out into light and revelry.
 the gambling dens began to come to life,
 ﬁll up with patrons, largely from the rough
G’ ‘nt, which formed the ﬂoating population of
- ' Any one could enter these places and
~ ' as longas ‘he pleased. Tables were provided
' .nfivat¢ games of chance, the revenues to
house coming in the shape of frequent orders
the bar. When intoxicated customers got too
belligerent, they were ejected by the
: who, carried revolvers at their hips.
method of maintaining a semblance of order
 . {ad to impromptu shooting scraps, in which
4. . y as a rule got hurt, even if one or more
jeets were not furnished for an inquest next

a

5|

35:-L .

r

‘is is a retty hot old town, isn’t it?” said
,1after they had taken in all they cared to

'- ».. were on their way back to the Canyon

's what it is,” replied Paul. “I’d rather
from living here as a steady thing."

» short of a gold or silver mine would
“ ‘ around these diggings, you_can



 

   

FORTUNE 18

followed by a dark-skinned man whose soft-
crowned hat was pulled down well above a pair
of sinister eyes. This shadower was none other
than Manuel Gonzalez, who had been several
weeks in Tucson on the watch for their appear-
ance. Not having been able to get possession
of the paper which contained the directions for
ﬁnding the entrance to the disused galleries of
the Skull Mountain mine, the Mexican had laid
other plans for accomplishing his purpose. Now
that the boys had really showed up in Tucson,
he was certain that Paul Clifford had brought
with him the knowledge that would disclose the

_ way to the mine, and he determined to follow the
lads to the Ajo range, capture Paul on the
ground, and then having the boy completely
his power, force him to give up the secret. e
had arranged with a number of desperadoes of
his own brand to assist him in the affair, prom-
ising_to divide a‘ certain percentage of his eventual
winnings amongst them. Consequently the out-
look ahead of the two boys were exceedingly
dubious. Gonzalez traced them to the Canyon
House. When he saw his chance he walked to
the desk and examined the register. He noted -
the fact that Paul and Andy had arrived there
some time that afternoon.

“Good. They will not stay in town long, but
head for the range as soon as they can make
their arrangements for the trip. When they
reach Skull Mountain I shall treat them to a nice
little surprise. Carambal This time’ I shall
not fail.”

Stroking his jet-black mustache in a satisfied
way, the Mexican turned on his heel and left _
the Canyon House.

CHAPTER XlI.——Phineas Quill.

Paul and Andy spent the greater part of the
next day there, and prepared for this trip to the
southwestern section of Arizona. They hired a
couple of stout ponies to carry them there, and
laid out nearly all of their little capital in
blankets, provisions for a week ‘or ten days’ stay,
and certain mining implements that they thought
they might need. They also took with them ;
steel measuring tape and a small compass for
the purpose of laying out‘ the claim if they were
successful in finding the exact position of the
mine.

“I guess we’ve got about everything we need,
haven’t we'{" asked Andy, when they were sitting
in the public room of the hotel -waiting for the
supper bell. ' _

“We've got about everything we've the fund!
to pay for,” replied Paul.

“Then we'll start for the range in the morn-
ing,” said Andy.

Paul shook his head. ’ -

“We'll start after supper. The landlord has
advised me to do our traveling at night, when
the air is a great deal cooler than after the sun
comes up. He said the best plan for us is to
make straight across the plain for the Quijotoa
range, ‘sixty miles distant. which we ought to
reach by sunrise if we maintain a good pug,
There we can ﬁnd shady spots to sleep during

,_.,the heat of the day. When the sun is well down  7

wecan resume ‘our.

Q’ .

ioimcs in a  ‘Q

 
 

 
  
  

  

 

 
  

 

14

‘direction along the foot-hills of the range, for
say twenty mi1es—that is, if we strike the range
about the center, which we should do if we travel
due west from this town. Then we'll come to
the end of the range with a twenty-mile strip
of plain between us and Skull Mountain, which
we cannot miss, owing to its height and peculiar
skull-like formation. It lies north by west from
the end of the Quijotoa Mountains.”

Andy oﬁered no objection to this arrangement,
for he -regarded Paul as the leader of the enter-
prise, and whatever he said was all_ right. So
after supper the boys, with all their property
strapped to the backs and sides of their‘_ani-
mals, departed from Tucson for the Quijotoa
range. Unconsciously they had stolen a march
on Manual Gonzalez, for that rascal had no sus-
picion they would start at night. He ‘expected
them to leave Tucson on the following morning,
and had notiﬁed his crowd of desperadoes to be
prepared to start out at a moment's notice.

He visited the ' Canyon House early in the
morning for the purpose of keeping an eye onhis
victims. After hanging around for an hour he

’ learned to his anger and chagrin that the boys

had left town at dark the evening before. He
hurried to the place where his crowd was stop-
ping. and ordered them to mount their horses,
and start at once, as their qua had left Tucson
house before, and were probab y already half-way
to Skull Mountain. The Mexican and his gang
did not lay their course for the Quijotoa range,
but,made a bee-line for Skull Mountain.

. Paul _and Andy rode through the night at a

‘smart pace across the plain, and at dawn saw

the. mountains rising straight before them. They
reached the foot-hills,at, sunrise, and kept on

‘ to the northwest until they came to a densely

wooded ravine which Paul decided would. make

'9. first-class camping spot, as there was not only

plenty of shade, but a stream of pure water ﬂow-
ing through it. So they hobbled their horses
where there was plenty of grass, ate their break-
fast of cold meat and bread, washed down with a
cup of cold bottled coffee, and then turned in
under the trees for a good sleep. They judged-
that it was three o'clock by the position of the
declining sun when they awoke thoroughly re-
freshed. It didn’t take them long to eat their
supper, reload their animals, and resume their
journey along the foothills.

By following a course indicated by the com-
pass, they saved much time that they otherwise
would have used up in winding in and out through
the lower mountain reaches. It was eight o'clock
when they began to leave the Quijotoa range be-
hind them.

“Skull Mountain is about twenty miles dis-
tant,” said Paul. “By keeping close to our pres-
ent courae. which we can easily do by occasionally
watching the compass. we should be able to sight
the peak in this clear air before midnight. So
you ‘see, Andy, before many hours we'll be right
on the ground where the deserted mine is."

“Then we'll be able to see what that document
you have amounts to."

,‘“’P!g in liopeskit will amount to a million at

A; million!’ grinned Andy. «me. a lot of
money, Paul!  ‘ . .
“You. It's quite a vile.’ 1;

‘ﬁxed for a month's trip in the Ajo range, and. 4

 

_ you ain't been out here, before,‘ have ﬂip!-

 

AFTER A FORTUNE ‘

“How are you going to put a value on'this
mine if we bring it to light?"

“By taking out specimens of the ore and hav-
ing it assayed. Then I mean to get an expert
miner to thoroughly examine the mine and report
upon it. Of course, this could not be done u.ntil\
we have staked out the claim.”

The boys only conversed at intervals as they
galloped across the plain. After a couple of
hours they began to make out the distant Ajo
range lmed against the horizon, for the air.was
as_ clear as crystal. and the night one of the
brightest they had ever seen. As they approach-
ed the mountains one peak, taller than the rest,
separated itself from the range and stood out
in bold relief against the sky.

“A dollar to a doughnut that is Skull Moun-
tain,” cried Paul, pointing toward it.

“I guess you’re right,” acquiesced Andy.

The boys, more anxious than ever to reach
their destination urged their animals to a quick-
er pace, and the ground seemed fairly t9 ﬂy under
fhtem. Suddenly“they both heard a hail to their
e t.

“What’s that?” said Paul, reining in, an ex-
ample followed immediately by his companion.
The cry was repeated. '

“It comes from the ground a short -distance
away,” said Andy. - ’

, They walked their horses in the direction of
the shout, and presently observed a man lying
on the ground. Paul dismounted and went up
to him. .

“What's the matter?” he inquired.

hurt "” »

‘(

 

.3--tn.‘
5-

“Yes. My right leg is either sprained or’
broken. I’m not quite sure which,” was the re’-'
ply, “though I think it's the former.”

“How did it happen?” ~ .

“I was thrown by my nag about an hour ago,”
answered the stranger, making a wry face as
he moved his injured leg.

“That was hard luck," replied Paul. ‘

“I should say it was. If you chaps hadn't come _.
along I don't know what would have becom8~of 
me. — .,
“Where were _you bound for?"

_ “The mountains yonder. I'm on a prospecl:in'
jaunt. I left Tucson a couple of days ago well

   
 

now look at me: My horse has gone the demo;
knows where with my traps. I'm stranded for R ‘
a fact, not counting my injured limb." I ,
“I'm glad we came across you,” said Paul,  I
you might have died here all alone.” ‘ ,
_“Th8t ail“? 811)‘ lie. my young friend. I'm V
mighty thankful you came along» Ed be glgd ;
to know who you are and where you’re hudiifyf
for. My name is Phineas Quill. What’s.youra?"~
“Paul Clifford is my name. My companion in-
Andy Blake. We're bound for Skull Mountain)‘,
“Skull Mountain, eh? What's takin’ you 
that Lord-forsaken spot?” asked the injured Dron-
pector in surprise. . ,. ’
“A little matter of business,” replied 
evasively, not caring to impart the nature 
their journey to a complete stranger.  “
“Well. Dal'dS‘.""I was zoin’ to Skull M 
myself, so if you'll give me a lift‘ on 
yours horses I'll consider it a favor. I s_ - 

 

   

.“No." answerqd~PauL

  
 

    
   
   
 
 
  
    
    
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
    
  

. ~ , ‘-‘Then maybe I can be of some use to 3'0“, if
" —,you’re goin’ to stay at while. I can point out a
. first-rate campin’ spo .” _ n
’ -. “Then you’ve  at Skull Mountain before?
. “Yes, several times. The_ fact of the matter
2 is I'm huntin’ for an old mine that was Wofked
_ and then abandoned by the Mexicans more than
 8 %tlIln‘}(’i0?1’gt°-Say!" ejaculated Paul, somewhat
startled. “How did you hear about it?”

"‘I learned about it while I was prospectin’
‘along the State line six months ago. An old
peon gave me the story, and assured me that it
.. was true; but he couldn’t. say just what Daft
 of the mountain it's located in. l’ve been out
I‘ ‘ here twice on a still hunt, but _I couldn’t find no
' “sign of payin’ dirt. I shan’t give It KID, though.
for I reckon if it‘s there I may come across It
 time especially as the old Mexican said the
 mouth to the main shaft is somewhere along the
"-foothills.”
Paul looked thoughtfully at the man.
“Are you an experienced miner?” he asked.
‘Yes, siree; that’s just what I am.” _
- ‘Then you could size up the value of a _mii_ie
from an inspection of the ore you found in it.
"could you ?"
I’ve done that many a time for other
chaps who were luckier than me in their ﬁnds.”
i ‘All right,” said Paul. “Now. I’d like to make
you a Dfopositiori.”
’ "I’m.a-listenin.

 
  
 
 
 
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
 
  

l_’in open for anythin’ there's

‘You say you haven’t the least idea Where
’ simii M tain ' is?" _
‘.h,i~.Nu-y ide.\°;uiiut I’iduliI:pin' to find it.” V '
 "s.’pose I tell you that we're bound straight
.. {that same mine, what would you say to going
with us on a quarter share of what we Ret
«QM-_0f it?"
-‘-wiigvs that? You are bound straight for mat
.:gjine?" exclaimed the 11:81].
,‘ .‘."1_'hat's what I said. _ ” ’
' ‘How did you hear about it? _ ”
‘From an old prospector named Job Robinson.
..-Job Robinson: Why, I had an old partner
-_ ..-ghat name some years ago. What did he 1001!
._ ,.
Paul d ‘bed th man.
3'31 thegdrér! Thee Very chap! Whﬂe did 3'“
' ‘ I ain’t seen him «for six years; H9
as the squarest man I ever met. Where lshe
w‘2" . -
. ' _
5" -13:98 §:;d'don’t say! _I’m sorry to hear that.
_ Job-discover this mine?”

_«.. named Manuel Gonzalez." V
' kmwtherasca1.Sawhimin'1‘ucsonthe
tbefore I left there.” . _ ‘
~-gvi..:z- exclaimed Paul. aatoms,hed- You

. 3.3391 Gonzalez in Tucson within a few
,8

~ .113. I know the seoundrel well. He ouzht

r " in’ jail.” -
. was convicted of murderous assault
‘ - linneao

.. . at, the day beam-A,ndv
+;ug'.¢3;g-‘e and’ sent to the State prison
_ I F H‘ . - .

- I ' AFTER A"

did, and was scared of! by a villainous V

FORTUNE 15

him in Tucson three days ago. That I’l1 swear
to,” said the prospector emphatically.
Paul was simply amazed.

CHAPTER .‘(]II.—At Skull Mountain.

“Well. I'm going to tell you the whole story
of the Skull Mountain mine.”

“I’d like to hear it, pard. I s’pose you ain’t
got a drop of whisky in your outﬁt. have _\'ou'."'

Paul shook his head.

"That isn’t in our line, Mr. Quill.”

So Paul commenced at the beginning and told
Phineas Quill how Job Robinson had come to live
at Harley's Corners. an obscure little hamlet in'
Minnesota; how he had made the old man's ac-
quaintance, how he and Andy had found him
knocked out under an old oak tree by the roadside;
how they had carried him to the store. where he
died that night from the injuries he had sus-
tained at the hands of Manuel Gonzalez. who had
followed him through many States to_wring from
him the secret of the Skull Mountain mine. Then ,
Paul repeated to their new acquaintance the story .
Robinson il8»(l told him before he died.

“So Job Robinson made you his heir, eh ?" said
Phineas Quill.

“He did. He gave me the paper which he said
contained exact directions locating the entmuee
tr the abandoned mine.”

The prospector uttered a whistle.

“If you’ve got that, paid, you may consider.
your fortune made if Robinson said he found
indications of rich ore in sight.”

“He said so. In fact, he said in his ‘opinion
the mine as it stood‘ was easily worth a million.‘

“And Job allowed himself to be euchred out
of that by that measly Mexican? I can't under» -
stand for the life of me why he got so faint-
hearted all oi’ a sudden.”

“That rascal is a mighty tough proposition,‘
replied Paul. "I was up against him myself one
night. He found out some way that Robinson
had put his secret on paper and gave it to m ‘
and he tried to get me to give it up. Andy turned
up at the right moment to save me. I'm afraid
we'll have more trouble from him if he’s in
Tucson, as you say he is.” _

“He was there three days ago as certain as «-
death,” asserted Phineas Quill positively.

“Then you can bet your life that was the ras-
cal who came aboard the City of Duluth at Daven-
port that night and robbed you of our money, ‘
Paul,” said Andy, chipping in for the first time.
“He was hunting for that paper as sure as you
live. Look how he went through your grips.’

“As things look now I wouldn't be at all
surprised but you are right,” said Paul._ “How-
ever, we have the satisfaction of knowing that
he didn't ﬁnd the paper. It’s a wonder we didn‘t
hear from him in Tucson. It must be that he
didn't learn of our arrival in town."

“Gee! I hope not,” replied Andy. “If he saw
us he'd be sure and follow us out here." _

“Well, he's better not,” said Ifhineas Quill, in
signiﬁcant tone, as he tapped his hip-pocket. A
assoonshoothimaslwouldasnakgandn
deal sight sooner now that I know he caused ‘>-
old pard Robinson's death. Are you boys baled
“You mean. are we-armed?" asked Pauh

1

  
   
 
 

    
 

    
 

16

“That’s just what I do mean.”

“No. We didn’t have the price. It took all
the funds we saved to ﬁt us out half-way decent
for this trip. We had to hire the horses at that”

“We had 3150 when we left Minnesota, but
that Mexican stole every dollar of it one night
on the boat we were working our way down the
Mississippi on,” said Andy. “I almost caught the
villain, but we managed to get away and hide
somewhere on the boat, and he got ashore at one
of the landings in spite of the fact that Paul
and I were on the lookout for him. Paul didn’t
believe it was Gonzalez, because the rascal was
supposed to be in prison at that time; but I had
a good view of him when he was down in our
sleeping quarters, and I thought it must be him
or his ghost."

“Well, it’s too bad you haven’t‘ guns, then we
could give that chap and any pals he might
bring with him a warm reception if he comes
out here. However, we can keep our eyes skin-
ned and not let him get the drop on us. I can
hit the ace of clubs ﬁve times out of six at ﬁfteen
yards, so it wouldn’t be healthy for him to get
too gay with me.”

“If you’re ready, Mr. Quill, we'll give you a
lift on my horse as far as our destination."

“All right. sl shan’t forget it, pard. As to
that proposition of yours, I'll take you up and
see you through with the mine if you can hit it
with that paper you have. I'll help you stake
the claim out in proper fashion, so you can have
it registered accordin’ to law. If it pans out
well it will be a good thing for me.”

Andy dismounted and helped Paul assist the
prospector -to mount the horse, then they con-
tinued theirjourney at a walk, the boys taking
turns riding the other horse. Gonzalez and his
associates had already reached Skull Mountain,
and were lying in wait for the boys. They had
expected to find them there ahead of them, and
the Mexican was somewhat surprised because
they found no trace of them on the ‘ground; but
came to the conclusion that as the lads were
unfamiliar with that part of the country they
had probably gone astray, and would turn up
later on. But for the fact that Paul and Andy
had met with Phineas Quill they would have
run right into the trap prepared to receive them.

Quill, however, induced them to diverge from
the straight line they had intended following,
and work around the foothills to the southeast,
in order to reach the camping ground he had
spoken to them about. Thus they passed within
half a mile of the spot where the Mexican and
his followers were waiting for them without
the rascals being aware that they were in the
vicinity. The camping-place selected by the
prospector was a secluded nook at the base of
Skull Mountain, several miles from the place
indicated on the paper as the spot where the
abandoned mine was situated. It was an ideal
camping ground from many points of view, hav-
ing shade and a plentiful supply of running water
at hand. It also offered completeconcealment,
both from the plain around and the elevated
points behind. _

-“Here you areas snug as a bug in a_rug,”
laughed Quill. “No fear of any one stealm’ the
horses or your traps. unless he knew the place or

2 ‘ stumbled on it by accident.”

a “We expected to pitch our camp in the open,

 

 

s ,

 

AFTER A_ FORTUNE I ‘

  
 

close by the entrance to the mine." remarked
Paul

“That's where you would have been foolish,’
said the prospector, “for you couldn't tell when
some rascal might come that way and get away
with your things while you were both in the
underground galleries of the mine, looking the
place over. Now all you have to do is to start
out from here with your compass and whatever
you need to make your observations and meas-
urements with, and leave the balance of your
traps in my care till you return. When you have
found’ the entrance to the mine perhaps I'll be
able to use my pins and go along with you to
explore it, and see what the prospects are.”

“That's right, Mr. Quill. You have simpliﬁed
matters a good bit for us. We are pretty green‘
at this business, so I guess it was rather lucky
that we came across you."

“It was lucky for me at any rate, pard, that
you did, and I'm goin’ to do the right thing
by you for it."

‘‘That’s all right, Mr. Quill. You're welcome.
I'm glad to ﬁnd that you were an old friend
of Job Robinson's. I dare say if he was alive
he'd be happy to put something in your way.
If the mine should turn out to be worth a mil-
lion, why, you will make a quarter of it, and
that ought to satisfy;you for the rest of your

days." ' .
“I reckon it would. pard, I think I'd go back

East where I came from, and cut a wide swath. .
I'm a hummer from hummerville when I 

started. _

The boysvlaughed at the quaint way the pros-
pector made the remark. -. < 

“A man can hum pretty loud on a quarter of
a million, but he sometimes lands in the poor
house in the end,” said Paul. “If this "mine
turns up trumps I'd advise you to soak your share
where it will do you the most good for the rest
of yours days."

“Your advice is good, pard, and I'll consider it
when the occasion arises. In the meantime I'm

going to turn over for a snooze, and advise you 
chaps to do the same so you'll be in shape for _'

business in the mornin’."

Paul and Andy agreed with him, and in fifteen
minutes peace and comparative silence reigned
in the little camp. ’

\

CHAPTER XIV.—The Mexican's Revenge.

- 5

 

 



' —.‘A.ir.:.l;.'I;n’et-h';.nz.

 

Paul awoke at sunrise, but his two companiona»’M;."

still slept on. Not caring to sleep any longer,
and unwilling to disturb them, the boy got up.‘
ate a meat sandwich, and drank some: of th -

bottled eoﬁee. The cool morning air oﬂered 

inducements for a stroll, and Paul decided in
take advantage of it. He had bought a man

compass, a geologist’s hammer, and a few otlufti
things. He strung this over his arm, and also’
took the precious pvper from its hiding-pita:
in the head of the cane, for he had some idea?
of walking over to the northeast corner of 
mountain and taking a few preliminary o  "5
tions from the measurements written down;
Job Robinson. . , , . _
He did not dream of what awaited  '

; V... .. . . V _ ‘ , 

   

‘leather prospecting bag in Tucson to hold tho 

      

   
   
     
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
    

vﬂuction. The entire landscape looked so lone-
some and deserted to his eye when he left the
. camp, after taking careful-note of its location so
 ' ’ that he could ‘be sure of finding it again. that
’ '_ , he did not suspect there were any Strangers Wlth‘
. ‘ Jin miles of that spot. But we all live and learn
 :.;ew facts from experience, which sometimes is

1 a dear.-teacher. At any rate, Paul received a rude

jolt before he was more than an hour older.

‘ As -’he stopped to consult the paper for the

Gonzalez caught sight of him, and uttered a
chuckle of joy at seeing that he, was not only
alone, but that he held a paper, presumably the
~documents he wanted, in his hand. As luck would
3‘ have it Paul put it in his leather bag and com-
meiiced operations near the very holé Job Robin-
son had tumbled into, and which mishap had led
. to his discovery of the mine. Gonzalez crept back

 

\ gut the busy lad to them, told_ them to creep
around in his rear, comeﬁipon him_ suddenly and
- capture him. There were ﬁve bes_ides_the Mexi-
*¢an in-theparty, and they lost no time in obeying

1 the order of their leader. _
2.-; At the moment Paul took up_ his bag _to get the
compass he suddenly found himself seized_from
Behind, and looking up saw that he V|_78S_3 P11501191‘
in-the hands of as fine a set of villains as one
would hate to meet at a disadvantage. To com-
‘ﬂete his misery, up stepped the Mexican himself,
 Paul had no reason to doubt that he was
bee to face once more with Manual Gonzalez.
. “Well, Senor Clifford, we meet again," he said
with 8 diabolical grin. “The last time it was in
 court at Bakersﬁeld, Minnesota, a month ago,
when you thought you had the whip hand_you
Caramba! The tables now are what
you call turned. Is it not so‘! You are silent,
young senor. You do not relish_ that I am on
top of the heap. That I have you where I want
you. That, I suppose, is the paper which you so
 i ' ly have hidden from my eyes. Ah. Senor
. ' ail’:-id, you are, shall I say, a clever boy; but
‘; i are not the match for me. You have led me
m long dance. Now it is that you pay the

II

 
  
 
  
    
    
  
  
   
   
     
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
 

_-He. snatched the paper from the boy's ﬁngers
‘Iii! looked it over eagerly. .

“Aha! This is what Senor Robinson would not
t I should see. 'At- last it is mme- It will
as the key, to open to us the long-deserted
I thank you, young _senor, for coming so
to present this to me in my hands}? mock-
. “It is but fair that we repay you for

radss?” he asked appealing to his desperadoes.
‘Shall we let him return to Tucson to say that
have robbed him. or shall we sew up his
that he be forever silent on the matter?"
up his tongue!” roared one of the husky
.. g - - who had hold of the b0Y’S 81‘!!!-
’3-?.~.r: You hear, Senor Cliﬁord,” leei-ed the Mexican.
“would not be safe fir us that we let you go
i that we have the paper. You will remember
‘toldﬁeugthat night you had me on the ship
-1 yet would have the laugh on you. You
‘ all come true. You thought your big prison
, .North would hold metight, Caramhal
« is not yet built that can hold Manuel
But; this  Your com-

 

 

  

 

AFFER A FORTUNE

purpose of making his first observation, Manuel.

" to the little cave in the rocks where his brother,
' ruﬂians were asleep, awoke them, and pointing‘

‘ﬂit service. What shall we do with him, com- .

followed. and then——silence.

 
 

17

panion may come this way, and we would have
to deal with him the same as with you if he
saw what would make trouble for us. It is bet-
ter for him that he see nothing. Get a lariax.
and tie the young senor."

One of the villains hurried away, and presently
returned with a long rope. With one end Paul's

arms were bound securely behind his back, leav—_

ing the other end trailing behind. The Mexican
walked away, and Paul saw him gathering dry
strips of brush which he fashioned in the fomi
of a torch. The gang waited for him to come
back, two of them perched upon a big boulder,
two holding the boy by the arms. while the ﬁfth
stood back holding the loose end of the rope, as
though he was a wild steer they were trying
to manage. The ruﬁians amused themselves tan-
talizing the lad, and making various mean sug-
gestions as to his ultimate fate.

Gonzalez came back slowly, as.if he was con-
sidering something. Finally he paused on the
edge _of the brush-lined hole and peered down
into it. He could not see down to the bottom,
though he parted the brush at the mouth, so he
drew a silver match-safe from his pocket, tool;
out _a lucifer, ignited it on his trouser leg and
applied the ﬂame to the end of the impromptu
torch. The dry twigs caught ﬁre readily enough,
and the Mexican waved it around in the air until
it blazed up freely. He thrust’ it into the mouth
of the hole, and the glare it aﬂorded showed
him the depth of the opening in the ground. He
saw there was water at the bottom, and he smiled
grimly.

“The sun is beginning to grow -hot. Senor Clif-
ford.” he said, with a malicious chuckle. “This

hole will be _as a cool spot for you where_ you -

shall not get sun-burned. When you get thirsty
there is water to drink below. If that satisfy
you not—caramba!—you shall be hard to please.
Come. Martin. you and Dalton will drop him
ggiwn. now. for we have no more time to waste on

m.

The ﬁve  seemed to_ enjoy the plan hit
upon by their leader for the lingering extermina-
tion of the lad. P . 4»

“You're_a pack of cowards!" cried the brave
‘boy, breaking his dogged silence for the first time.

Six against one! If you had a spark of manli-
11855.11! You _y9_u would give me a chance for
my life; but it isn't in you. You are curs, every
one of you!" _

_The gang uttered a roar of coarse laughter at
his words.‘ As the two ruﬂians forced him to-
ward the pit, Paul recoiled from the horrible fate
designed for him. , , ‘

_“Dead boys tell no tales!’ exclaimed Gonzalez,
with an exultant laugh, as he cast the torch into
the dark hole. - e

In spite of his struggles, the plucky lad was
forced to the edge of the pit.

“There is water at the bottom to break your
fall, Senor Clifford. Perhaps it is better that
You Say YOU!‘ D!'aYerS now. in case it shall be
of such depth that you get not the chance after
yo; aiie dowi;‘t£here." 'th

au was over e edge of the space foi-
a single minute, then at a sign from the Mexican
the two scoundrels who had hold of him pushed
him. in. He went down like a stone, a loud wig}.

  
     

  

   
 
 
 

18 ' AFTER A FORTUNE

CHAPTER XV.—In the Skull Mountain Mine.

The water at the bottom of the hole was not
as deep as Gonzalez had believed it was, not much
over four feet, so that it did not rise above the
armpits after he struck the bottom. The shock
of the fall, however, stunned Paul, and but for
the fact that the end of the trailing rope caught
on a projecting rock and thus held him upright
he would undoubtedly have been drowned in a
few minutes. As it was, he lay unconscious and
bleeding from a cut in his head. Not hearing any
sound from him, the Mexican judged that he had
gone under the surface of the water and lay
there drowning. He and his ruﬁians listened for
several minutes and, silence continuing, it was
their unanimous opinion that Paul Clifford was
done for.

“Come,” said Gonzalez at last, “we will do the
business of ﬁnding this mine. The boy shall rot
where he lies and no one will be the wiser.”

The Mexican picked up the leather bag and
started oﬁ for the cave where they had slept,
in order to study the paper, while his associates
followed at his heels.

At the camp, Andy woke up half an hour after
Paul left the place on his early jaunt. He got
up, looked around, and was surprised to see no
sign of his companion.

“Where has he gone?” he asked himself.

While he was trying to ﬁgure the matter out
Phineas Quill opened his eyes and sat up.

“I don't know where Paul has got to," Andy

ed.

“Oh, he's so'mewhere around. Get up on that
rock and take a squint around the plain.”

Andy did so.
V “I don’t see anything of him,” he shouted down.
“But I tell you what L do see——a horse with a
couple of packs on his back grazing close by."
. “That's my nag," exclaimed the prospector.

' standing up and limping to a place whence he

could get a view of the spot indicated by Andy.
‘‘That’s the rascal, all right,” he added. “I wish
you’d go down and catch him. You'll have no
trouble, I think. Then you can lead him here
and picket him with the others.”

Andy cheerfully carried out Quill’s directions.
The stout animal allowed himself to be captured
Xinhout tiflhe slightest opposition, and followed

y to e camp.

"I’m as pleased as a hog on ice to get my
traps again," said the prospector, with a satisﬁed
grin. “My leg seems to becomin’ around all

ight, too.”

I. As Paul did not show up in ﬁfteen minutes,
Quill told Andy .to build a ﬁre and had cook
some coﬂee and fry some bacon for breakfast.
The ﬁre was started. '

“Now hand me that fryin’ pan and coﬁee-pot,
and them packages, and l’ll start the grub under
way."

‘ In twenty minutes breakfast was waiting for
the absent one.

“I’d give something to know where_he went
oil’ to," said Andy, anxiously. “Maybe he can't
ﬁml the camp again.” 0 _

“We1l,'ta_ke a look along the_footh1lls andsee
if there’: any sign gf him," said the prospector.

‘ helping himself to a share of the bacon. bread

cadences.

-in just such a hole, resulting in the

  
 

_ Andy returned shortly to say that Paul wasn't
anywhere in sight.

“Then eat your breakfast. We'll keep his share
warm on the embers.”

So Andy, who was pretty hungry, appropriated
his share of the grub and soon disposed of it.
Having ﬁnished his meal, the prospector took his
pipe from his pocket, ﬁlled it and commenced
to smoke’, while Andy mounted the rock once
more on the lookout for his chum.

After Manuel Gonzalez had gone over the paper
containing the directions for locating the mouth
of the tunnel communicationg with the under-
ground galleries of the mine he was satisﬁed
that he would be able to ﬁnd it. While he was
thus employed one of the gang had prepared‘
breakfast.‘ As soon as it was ready all hands
squatted around the cave and helped themselves
without ceremony to whatever they saw. The
meal over, the Mexican called on three of his
followers to help him in the search. They left
the cave and, with Gonzalez bossing the job, got
down to business. Gonzalez soonvran against I
snag. One of the marks left by Robinson to
identify a certain spot had disappeared. ‘As it
was the most important one, it threw all the’
other calculations out so that after an hour's
work the Mexican woke 'up to the unpleasant fact
that the paper was absolutely of no use to him,
and that he was just as much at sea as he ever
had been.

Time and changes made by nature had rendered
all his cheming and maneuvering of years abom-
tive. Even Job Robinson himself, had he been ’
on the ground, could not have discovered the
opening to the underground passages by means
of his own document. He could have found his
way into the mine through the original hole, of \
course. And it was this very hole that Paul Clif--
ford had been thrown into by his mali¢nIllt'
enemy. ,

Manuel Gonzalez. however, knew nothing about .
the secret passage which opened into the side of ‘I
that hole. If he had he surely never would have; ‘
cast the boy down there. Gonzalez and his‘db-
appointed crowd could only commence a close" ,
search along the base of the foothills on tho,_

 

-chance of discovering the mouth of the tunnel

by sheer good luck, and so we will leave them
to that laborious occupation under the boiling
rays of the sun, while we descend into the hole
where Paul has been left to his fate, and see how
the boy was gettingon. Paul remained uncon-
scious the best part of an hour. When he came
to his senses he saw he was standing in about
four feet of water, thirty odd feet below the sur—
face of the ground. There was as much chance 
for him to crawl up the perpendicular sides of"
the hole as there was for an elephant to ﬂy.
Apparently he was down there for good and all,‘
face to face with a‘slow death.

“Neither Andy nor Mr. Quill would ever think
of looking for me down here," murmured the ho???’ .._
in an almost disheartened tone. “I must remnant»; ‘
here until I die from sheer exhaustion. ‘

   
 
  
  
     
   
  
 

That i
some day my skeleton will be found and people
will wonder just how I came to my end.‘ ‘ 
It was while Paul was a prey to these dismal.’
thoughts ‘that the experience of Job  1.
.of the Skull Mountain nune, occurred to him, .-’
“It was lucky for him that the hole into '

  .4»-

  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 

\’

3- tumbled had an outlet on its side. If this
was only the same ,hole I’d have some chance
i! ., .

As he spoke he looked up and around the nar-
row sides of the hole in a desperate hope that a
 of the same kind of blind luck might hap-
mi to him. His eyes were now accustomed-to
glpom down there, which was scarcely pene-
Ifated by the light above that ﬁltered ‘through
-‘the brush obstructing the mouth of the hole.
-' ‘The place that Robinson tumbled into had
several feet of water at the bottom, just as this
has. ‘Suppose this was the very same hole ?” he
» 'ed, with a thrill of hope. -“There's a dark
jctch right above my head. I'll climb up this
re and see what it is."
_ - e shock of his descent into the hole being
ﬁllddenly arrested by the catching of the long
‘piece of rope on the rock had loosened the bonds
-that had bound his arms, and he easily ‘drew them
free. He drew himself up 'a yard and discovered,
to his great delight, that the black patch in
.;question was indeed an. opening into the solid
Stock. Without losing a moment he climbed head-
irst into it and found himself in complete dark-
- .' It was narrow and almost round, just as
. ‘ son had described the tunnel_ through which
gfﬁehad made his escape from- the perpendicular
,“'I believe this is the identical place the old
ﬂan was in, and that-it leads straight to the
. ..-" gallery," breathed ‘Paul, ‘excitedly. “At
 ‘rate, I’m going to follow it up and see where
g 7 -out. I couldn't be in a worse scrape than
 bottom of the hole I've just left.”
"the brave lad, buoyed‘ up with renewed hope,
‘ﬁled slowly along the narrow turmel, feeling
way as he went. After traversing what seem-
_  in his unpleasant situation an endless
“ cc, he suddenly became aware that the sides
and roof had fallen away, and that there was
’’ ‘room to stand up. He got on his feet and
ﬁnd that he could not reach the rock above his
. . ‘The sides of his new prison he could bare-
touch with both of his arms extended.
"Robinson said that he turned on a chance to
right," thought Paul. “I'll do the same. I'm
f. certain now that I’m actually in the old

 --- mine. If so I ought to come out into
 brush-‘covered opening in the same way he
_ I'll ‘see if the matches _in my safe are_dry.
3-, should be glad to throw a light on the subject. ’
*3 His match-safe‘ was a atent waterproof one.
h he did not know it. Opening it, he took
a‘ match and struck it against a rock. It
.-up at once, and from the brief survey he
_ able ‘to obtain of his surroundings he saw
-. he was in a long, fair-sized passage clearly
.1, ‘byjzhe hand of man. He no longer doubted
- he was. Surely this was one of the under-
.“ galleries of the Skull Mountain mine.

"as

 

I
n

it onarrna XVI.—7'l‘he Fortune Won.

, lit anoccasional match as he made his
~’ ‘the passage: Finally he came to the
,  by Job _Robinson as _the

.. »**=:.».

AFTER - A FORTUNE

mine. g
ROW

19

T‘

a _V§l‘y serious problem occurred to the boy's
min .

“That Mexican is probably already trying to
locate-the entrance to this place, and as he has
the paper to direct his movements he ought to
be able to do it without much trouble. I must
look out that they do not come upon me before
I can get outside. That would be hard luck in-
deed!”

Paul saw there wasn't a nook or corner where
he could conceal himself if the rascals did come
upon him suddenly with the torches they would
of course provide themselves with to light their
way underground. ‘

_He struck one of his last matches and saw a
thick growth of brush straight ahead. It was
so dense that not a glimmer of the light of day
penetrated through it.

“I guess this is the outlet; but how the dickens
I am to force my way through all that stuff is
a puzzler. However, I s’pose_it's got to be done.
It must have grown a good bit since poor Robin-
son was here five years ago."

As a matter of fact, it was owing to this
dense covering that the opening into the mine
had never been discovered. The brush was ex-
traordinarily dense, and extended like a wall for
a great many yards. No one not obliged to
pass through it would have thought of making
the‘ attempt. '

“Gonzalez will have the job of his life trying
to get in here," thought Paul. as he bored his
way through the brush. . “This is the worst thing
I’ve ever tackled in my life.”

But he never thought of getting discouraged,
for was not he on the road to freedom and the
outer air. At last glimmerings of daylight came
to him through the brush. '

“I'm getting there by degrees,‘ he murmured.
“I guess Andy is wondering by this time where
I.have gone to. I'll have quite a story to tell
him and Mr. Quinn when I get back to the camp."

The light grew brighter as he advanced.
Flashes of sunshine glistened here and there.
Finally he reached the. end of the obstruction
and thrust his head outside into the open air.
The air was hot and close, for it was well along
in the morning, and the sun quite high in the
sky, but for all that Paul drew the atmosphere
into his lungs with a sensat’ 1 of delight. He
was practically free at last. After a few ino.
ments he recovered his usual composure, and
began to look for signs of Manuel Gonzalez and
his villainous gang. Not a human being was to
be seen anywhere around.

“Where can they be?" he asked himself. “Sure-
ly if they were hunting for the mine they ought
to be right in this neighborhood.”

The rascals were in that neighborhood, but Paul
could not see them.

“Well, I can't stay .here all day. I'm going
to make a break for the camp at all hazards.”

He forced his way out of the brush and then
turned and looked at it.

“I don't wonder nobody could ﬁnd the mouth
of the mine, for there seems to be a mile of mi.

~ brush, every bit of it exactly alike. It would he

as easy to find a needle in a haystack as to ﬁnd

the mine, unless you knew exactly where it it ‘

It's-a treat sight easier to enter it t
hole.I was pitched into. ﬁAll'this s 
to  away before anything ea

 

was
"sedans

  

     

20

with the mine, and it will be no fool of a job, I
can tell you."

Paul wondered how Job Robinson had been
able to mark the spot, and at night, too, with
the expectation of ﬁnding it again.

“It is hard enough making your way out, but
to make your way in and hit the exact spot where
the entrance is-—well, I doubt if it can be done
with anything like immediate success. I shan’t
try it, at any)rate. The side entrance, by the
way of the perpendicular hole, is good enough
for me. One can easily get down there with the
help of a rope, though a long ladder would be
better." ‘ -

Paul therefore made no effort to mark the spot
or take note of the surroundings, but started
along the foothills toward the camp. He kept a
bright lookout for Gonzalez and his crowd, and
for a while saw nothing of them; neither did
anyone of them observe the boy, on account of
the thick brush which concealed him from their
eyes. When Paul began to leave the brush
behind and come out into the unsheltered open
space the Mexican saw. him. He naturally sup-
posed it was Andy Blake who was hunting for
his companion, and was not disposed to bother
his head about him.

One of his gang happened to be sharper eyed,
and besides, was nearer Paul’s line of retreat.
He uttered a shout of amazement and( running
up to the Mexican, told him that the boy they
had cast into the hole had in some manner made
his escape. Gonzalez at first insisted that he
was dreaming, but the ruﬂian swore he had recog-
nized the lad’s face. So the ‘Mexican, while not
by any means convinced, concluded to stop the
youth. Paul saw Gonzalez and two of his gang
coming after him, so he took to his heels, the
Mexican ﬁring. after h_im. He set a hot pace
forhis foes, and consequently the chase became
a lively one. One thing now began to give Paul
considerable uneasiness—-he was afraid that he
would not be able to ﬁnd the camp under any
such strenuous conditions. The ﬁring, however,
attracted the attention of both Andy, who had
just returned from an unsuccessful hunt after
his chum, and Phineas Quill.

“The:-e’s somethin’ doin’ yonder,” said Quill,
limping to a spot where he could command a
view of the situation. “I’ll bet that’s your pard
in trouble.” .

The prospector drew his unfailing six—shooter

and prepared for action. In another moment Paul ,

came ﬂying into sight, with the three men after
him as hard as they could put, and ﬁring as
rapidly as. possible. '

“Hi, hi, Paul, this way!” cried Andy, spring-
ing on the big rock and waving his hat at his

3-‘
1:
5

Paul saw him and changed his course. Gon-
zalez, now certain that the boy he had doomed

, to death had in some unaccountable manner made

had determined to recapture him _at
all hazard. Phineas Quill grimly waited for him
Paul dashed through
and fell down, thor-
oughly. exhausted, Just as Quill’s revolver rang
'1 air. The bullet found its way
atraig‘ t to Manuel Gonza.lez’s heart, and the

‘ruﬁian threw up his arms with a sharp cry and
‘ﬁll dead in his own tracks. The other rasal

ded.  Prospector put

8
a hall

  

AFTER A FORTUNE

through the ear of one of them, and that was
enough to send them back kiting the way they
had come. Paul had a wonderful .story to tell
of his moming’s adventures.

‘“You had a pretty narrow escape, pard," said
the prospector, “and you ought to be thankful
that you're alive.”

“I am,” replied Paul.

Later on, with the aid of a rope, the three
descended the perpendicular hole and entered the
Skull Mountain mine through the narrow passage
originally discovered by Job Robinson. With
torches, which Quill showed them how to make,
they explored the mine just as Robinson had,
and the prospector's knowledge and experience
of ore bodies demonstrated that the mine was a
regular bonanza. Before they returned to Tucson,
Phineas Quill staked oil’ as many claims in the
immediate vicinity of the mine as the law allowed
the three to take up, and the same were duly 
registered. and then the prospector undertook to -'
dispose of the mine just as it stood to a syn-
dicate,

_ Eventually a number of capitalists took things - -
in hand, formed the Skull Mountain Gold and
Silver Mining Company of Arizona, and paid Paul
Clitford and his associates $600,000 in cash, and
gave them 40,0000 shares of stock of a par value

of $10 each. Of course. Paul got half of the v
cash and half of the shares for himself, while '
the other half was divided between Andy and
Phineas Quinn. 'I‘o—day the stock is worth $25 a
share, and is mighty hard to get at that ﬁgure. -
The company to date has divided $5,000,000 in 
dividends among its share~holders, some of which  3
has beenpaid to Paul Cliﬁord, while Andy and~ ‘ ‘
Mr._Quill have each received a quarter of 3
million. ’

As the prospect of getting as much more out
of the mine is very bright, Paul may be consider-
ed one of the luckiest young men in America.
He is worth about $,000,000-—the bulk of it in
cash, the market value of his mining stock being
half a million. He is married and resides in I
very swell Chicago home on the lake. Andy »
also lives in good style in the Windy City. while
Phineas Quill has a more modest home in the
East. Once a year, at Christmas, they'invariabIy :
meet together in Paul’s'big house, and at these
joyous reunions they always have something to
recall about the time when they were after a‘ —.
fortune. ' i

 

 

Next week’s issue will contain “WINNING.
THE DOLLARS; 01‘, THE YOUNG WONDER» '
OF WALL STREET.” ‘

  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
   
  
  

g
—

 

If there is one thing more than another that
Brown hated it was to be “caught.” As a con-
sequence he was very suspicious of any deed_ f
or word the meaning of which he could not has
mediately understand. Once when he visited I
menagerie he had an ‘interesting chat with one
of the keepers, and as he was about to leave the‘
man asked, “By the way, sir, have you seen. ”
black-faced antelope ?" “No,” he replied stiﬂiy._—,
“May I ask with whom your 
cloned?!  * f . r  ~

 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

2]

.  . , CURRENT NEWS‘

HUNTING THE HOATZIN

William Beebe, the zoologist, is directing an ex-
ggdition to British Guiana which hopes_ to bring
ck, among other specimens,. a living hoatzin.
~Tl1is is a strange bird whose young have claws
on their wings, with which they climb through
‘ the foliage of mangrove trees in which they live.
' Attempts have been made before to bring these
‘ » birds to this country, but their diet apparently
is limited to one kind of tropical plant, without
which they die. -

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

AMERICANS TEACH CHINESE TO CHEW
Napoleon used to look regretfully at China's
man power and wish there were some way of util-

‘ izing it to his proﬁt. Mr. Wrigley, American
chewing gum manufacture, has also considered
the millions in China, and found a way of em-
8l)%ying them to his advantage. If China's 400,-
,000 could only be induced to chew gum!
thought Mr. Wrigley, who is known to be enter-
prising. Missionaries were despatched.to China
-—gum missionaries, who demonstrated the pleas-
‘ ares-of chewing Mr. Wrigley’s gum to the curious
Chinese. The latter learned rapidly, thanks to

the carefully prepared educational campaigning
which is now a recognized part of American ad-
vertising the world over. Ma ' millions of
Chinese are now chewing gum, to r. W2-igley’s
proﬁt. It is said that their technique rivals that
even of the originators of gum chewing.

MENDICANT BANKS $4,100

Another mendicant with a healthy bank re-
serve appeared before Magistrate Joseph E. Cor-
rigan in West Side court. He is David Cohen,
seventy-two years old, of 69 East 125th street,
and his bank book shows that since February of
this year he has saved from what he begged from
hard-hearted New Yorkers more than $4,100.

In his pockets when he was" arrested in the
Times Square subway station were coins total-
ing $95.

His case could not be tried because the old man
can speak only the Hebrew of the Near East.
Yiddish is as Greek to him. It was his second
appearance in court in three weeks. On his first
visit he received a suspended sentence because
no one to interpret his Hewbrcw could be found.

   
 
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  

grip you like

-

COME LESSON,"

per
f‘Won from an

BOYS, READ THIS

DO YOU KNOW THERE'S A DANDY DETECTIVE-STORY PUB- '
LICATION ON THE NEWSSTANDS EVERY
TWO- WEEKS, ENTITLED

. “MYSTERY MAGAZINE? ” .

It contains 64 pages of good solid reading matter—the kind of stories that
a vise and hold your eyes on the type from the beginning to

the end of each yarn. No. 158 is out!
“THE MYSTERY AT ROARING WATERS”
‘ By HARRY ADLER
It's a corker! Then a new two-part serial by JOE BURKE begins, called
“BEATING THE BURGLAR ALARM”

 

The short stories are “THE RENT IN THE WARP," “THE UNWEL-
“THE GIRL IN THE CASE," “THE INEVITABLE,”
“THE BREATH OF SUSPICION,” “THE MUTILATED CLUE.”

LOUISE RICE, the famous reader of handwriting, has a department in
which she will tell you, from studying your writing, all you wish to know
“about yourself, and she doesn't charge a cent.
Besides all this, there's no end of interesting short
Don Facing Prison,” “An Automatic Burglar Gun,” “Pink Candle Thieves,"
Old Prison Pal” and “A French Crime Museum.”

Buy a_ Copy and Read It ——You Will Be Pleased!

Why don't you get a copy and read

articles, such as “Dap-

   

  

ﬂ‘

Iinlﬁ-ench.

 

 

Rob and. the Reporters

_o.-,__

Hustling for War News by Wireless

‘ By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER V'I.— ( Continued ) .

“We can do just as well by taking in the other
Durelle as any’ other way,” declared Rob, “and
I ‘think we better plan to stay there to—night. I
seethere is a hotel in the place. I don’t think it
will be safe to attempt t6 run the car after dar .”

“Then-we can make sure about Doctor Papi-
neau,” said Edith. “After all, there is the possi-
bility that the auto man made a mistake. I ap-
prove of that plan.”

It was so decided, and at the appointed time
Rob drove the car away from the hotel.

He knew his business.

For a time he had acted as chauffeur for a gen-
tleman at St. Johns.

There was no trouble while they remained with-
in the borders of Holland.

Rob chose the least-frequented roads, hoping
tobflip over the Belgian line unobserved, if pos-
S! e.

Of course all three had taken the precaution
to _provide themselves with passports, but it was
an open question how much good these were likely
to do them. _ .

The quaint Dutch scenery and the picturesque

cosctumes of the people interested both Rob and "

Walter immensely. These things were not new to
Edith however. She had been in Holland before.

Shohly after dark they found themselves ap-
proaching the frontier.

“Now, then, for our first hold-up,” said Bob.
‘I am afraid it is bound to come.”

It was.

Soon they saw ahead of them a te built
across the road, while an electric lig t upon a
pole showed them the Belgian ﬂag ﬂoating from
a long, low'building near by.‘ .

CHAPTER vn. .

Captured By Germans.
“Halt!” \
A sentry said it. He darted out of the house
as the car approached the gate.
‘You do the talking, Walt.” said Rob, as he

I brought the car to a standsull.

“There is In; pasvsﬂiiighherefo said tll: ‘soldier,
on ave turn c . ,
ch;PerI’nit ego vlgavige: word with the oﬂicer in
.. - NP 1 . - .~
“E. engaged. Youcannot seehim.”
j ' present him with my master’: card.
It is essential that I_ve”should see him. We can

 

await his _ -- - . -
 _ A hadbeen duly provided for.
 _. .. . _. ,9¥e.leav-

 

   
  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

ing England, carrying his full name and a Lon-
don address.

The sentry took the card and vanished inside
the house; as the gate was padlocked, it was im-
possible to proceed.

The wait which followed was not as long as
Rob feared it. was going to be. . <

A young officer appeared, who politely removed
his hat when he saw Edith.

Rob bowed and asked if he spoke English,
which proved to be the case. _ _ ,

He then exhibited the passport, which stated
that he had been dispatched upon a special mis-
sion. by the war oﬂice to General Taylor, while
in Edith’s’case the true object of her journey
was given.

“I shall permit you to pass, of course,” said
the oﬂicer, “but I want you to distinctly under-
stand that you are running a terrible risk in at- ,
tempting to take this lady to Durelle, whichil
directly in the war zone and may already have
been destroyed for all I know.” '

“It is up to me to obey my instructions," ne-
plied Rob. ‘'1 can do no more.” «,

“There isn’t chance in a hundred that you _ ,4,
will ever reach here. Wandering companies of 
Germans are scouring the country for foragingylw"-’
purposes, and bands of Belgians are opposing" »
them. These are commanded in many instandl pi “
by men who may or may not respect your pasn- ,
ports. You are almost certain to lose your car. *'
Then what will you do?” (w 7

“The best we can. The lady is determined. A!
for me, I shall do my best to carry out my.in‘-
structions even if it costs me my life.”

"One moment,” said Rob. “Where would you
advise our spending the'night? I understand
there is another town called Durelle about twen-_- 1'
ty—ﬁve miles from here. We were thinking of '
staying there.” ‘ V
, “You can do better at Clichy, eight- milee
straight ahead,” was the reply. “There you wil
ﬁnd a respectable hotel, unless the Germans have ,1
just destroyed‘ it. You see, I know but little. I 7 
am expecting to be captured myself any moment. ..~‘
Our regular trodps have all retreated out of this :.
section of the country. I tell you again, Kr.-‘ 
Randall, you are running a terrible risk. Were,-=:~ 
I in your place I should send the lady back, in — ~ .;~
charge of your valet, and attempt to make my.
own way to the front on foot."

“Edith, you hear what he says,” said Rob. “Let
me earnestly urge you to turn back.” ‘ ‘\

But.Edith remained ﬁrm. ‘ - 2 

“I am like you,” she said. "I shall do my uh-.
rlrilfost’ to reach my mother even if it costs me In!-

e. ‘ 7 ~,

“Well, good luck to you, thal's all I can say:
the oﬂicer called after them, as Bob started 
car. — = —.
It was now quite dark. The road was an egg ,
cellent one, as are almost all roads i_n‘BelgiuI$‘ ‘
They passed many isolated housa, but that
were few lights displayed, nor did they 

at

   

if,

single vehicle or even a f ,
road, although occasionally I mun _ come _
the door of aomehouseastbeywentﬂyingby

’ (rﬂk   . 1 -i I

 

 
 

  

 PLAGUE OF PRAIRIE DOGS IN KANSAS
3,‘ There is a total of 800 acres of land in ‘Reno
'_ County infested with prairie dogs, according to
 County A nt ‘V. S. Crippen, who has just com-
' pleted a mpaign to exterminate them. The
' prairie dogs have gotten their strongest hold in
‘this county in Clay township, where 290 acres
of land has been infested with the rodents.

   
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    

REINDEER MEAT FOR DINNER TABLES
Reindeer meat is becoming an increasingly fre-
gnent item on the bill-of-fire in the larger cities
it the United States. Last autumn marked the
~ Irst appearance of reindeer meat in the Ameri-
 markets. At the close of the trans rtation
_ Bering Sea coast in Octo r, over
 reindeer carcasses were shipped from Alas-
to the United States. The carcasses were
_ whole, with the hides on, and frozen
ioli . To preserve the juices and ﬂavor, the
meat is cut up and sold without thawing.
" — ' ‘Reindeer meat is ﬁne-grained, contains a rrood
palatable fat, and is not “gamy” in ﬂavor when
perly produced and handled, but compares
avorably with beef. The liver is not unlike
olives’ liver and, as it is of large size, makes
Jaanjmportant item of food. The tongue and
-- are both of good ﬂavor and quality.
”‘ Does are not slaughtered. A certain number
:3 bucks are set aside for breeding purposes, and
 rest are raised as steers, to be butchered
when about three years old. The dressed weight
of a three-year-old steer averages about 150
‘ 63. By cross—breeding with caribou and fol-
'ng a process of selection and grading up of
he weight will eventually be
At the present time, a little
re than thirty years after the ﬁrst importa-
of reindeer into Alaska from Eastern Si-
~ ‘the number of living reindeer in Alaska
estirnated to be about 200,000. In addition half
’ many more .have been slaughtered for food
xhd clothing. Begun as an experiment, reindeer
‘‘ ng in Alaska has amply proved its practi-
, W 'ty and demonstrated its importance as one
-'  great future industries of the Territory.

« GJNIA COUNTY RETAINS BELIEFS IN
WITCHCRAFT ‘
~~  in Princess Anne County, Va., just a few
‘ s‘from Norfolk, several hundred negroes and
' su rstitious white people have just dem-
. that they still‘be_lieve in witchcraft,
be e Philadelphia Inquirer“
'e Taylor, several years old, so bent by in-
' . that she was obliged to use a cane to
her, is the cause of one of the greatest
m -: of hysteria that-Princess Anne, noted for
arches and well educated ‘people, has wit-
- in 300 years. ‘
 as _ that long since Grace Sherwood, a
’ ' woman, professed to be able to

O
5
:0
E’
(D

     
  
 
  
 
  
      
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
 
  
  
 
  

 

- ii
Jiotrto t ose who believed in her and had
those who doubted her boasted powers.
woman.

   

« its not an oi-dina

  '°d   

  

, c

 _ FA1i'IE.AND FORTUNE WEI-‘.KLYi
 _’ GOOD READING

tims with well-sounding words until she had
scores of men and women believing that she coum
sprinkle the blood of a dead animal on their
front doorstep, thus bringing to those who dwelt
within the home so sprinkled either the blessings

.of heaven or the curse of hell.

Grace Sherwood sat on her throne of power
seiéeral yeﬁirs, and in that time she ﬁlled her
co ers wit the money of h r - '
reiliuted to be wealthy. e dupes ‘mm She was

was not until the authorit' '
Anne saw that the entire countyl,e<s)r0YfnoIs,tn:i§eil:s
was being stirred to a pitch of hysteria never’
dreamed of that they decided to banish Gi-ace
but in this decision they did not know with Wlloni
they were dealing. Instead of submittin ce
full)’ to the Order of banishment Grace Slzieglwlood
insisted that she be given ‘a trial that all might
lI<,!lI.'t;‘1\‘}:ée:éhyh:srl‘iee was not a desirable resident of
e court named a 'ur\' of tw lv '

search Grace before shit’: was brought: bzfgi-lentil:
bar of justice to answer the charge of witcher

Grace was brought before the court, and aftg;
a day devoted_ to the hearing of evidence 5}“,
was found guilty. The sheriff of the cnuntv
was ordered to take Grace to a spot'in y,$m,;
haven River and duck her three ‘times. Then she
was to be driven out of the county. The she}-iﬁ
carried out his ducking order, and from that do
the spot where Grace Sherwood was forced undel-
the water three times.has been called “White

Duck” and is recorded in the records of Princess '

Anne County.

“Mystery Magazine”
SEMI-MONTHLY 10 cams A copy

—— LATEST ISSYES -—._

152 WEAPONS or HAT!-‘., i ,.- -
153 IN Ri-*.sP.Rv1':. by  .B'il;h}::il'.am‘ ,

154 THE HOFSE ox TH!-2 ROCKS. i., 4.“ .,e¢,,,,,,,

The following and future iluunhe I (III .
Price 15 Cent." 0 ' m.‘""'°

1 LA'.Ill!\' .. ' -; v_ .. .
1: Tlgggiililll-'D(I;(‘lJ‘: "film W" "’ M" ”°“°’ 
,._ 1.: .l-! ,PPl-2R.l C. . '

15. A Q1‘!-‘.S'I‘l0.\' or KICK. li_\- l'ill2‘::ne'.l(IilIP;,‘ m°"‘

THE MYSTERY AT ROARING
Bv HARRY ADLI-TR WATERS
Out Today In 50. I53
HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc.
166 West 23d Street New York City

“Moving Picture Stories”
A Weekly M-agnllne Devoted to Phoiophj, g.‘ r..’."
PRICE EIGHT cmrrs PER copy
Each number contains Three stories of the Ben Fun.

on the Screensﬁlex I ll it-t .
...lnterestln_i: Articliuc AIS)!!! "5io:i°ih1°::(?:ipi:°i:l3:

I-‘Ilma--Doings of Actors and Actresses In the sum.

1

and Lessons in Scenario Writing.

, HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher. iiic.
iss West Street 3., 3“

  

     

 ~ ( Ira. Morris's voice with undiminished volume.

 

24

PANELSSMADE or CLASS

Bullet-proof glass and transparent bakelite
are now being used by builders of radio sets for
the panels so ‘that the interior of the receiver
can be seen.

Black bakelite has been used in thousands of
sets and now the amber-like material is becom-
ing popular. It is made of pure synthetic resin.
The black bakelite is much stronger, although
both can be drilled and sawed equally welk

MAKE YOUR -SET BEHAVE

Stick to your old set and try to make it as
near perfect as possible before experimenting
with a new hookup, is the advice given by ex-
perts at the Bureau of Standards. Here is what
one expert said:

“Go over the old set carefully for wire spac-
ing, eliminate capacity effects by changing the
wires to run at right angles, check up and fasten
every connection and test each instrument. This
perfecting process will teach lessons never to be
forgotten. When the next set is undertaken, a
better set will be the result.” ‘

 

GERMAN RADIO “EAVESDROPPERS” PAY

Forty-ﬁve thousand radio broadcasting spong-
ers and eavesdroppers found to have been evad-
ing the German Government tax, have been
brought to time by drastic measures taken by
the authorities and compelled to pay the license
fee ‘of 50 cents each per month ‘which will be
added to the reparation payment funds.

The Government campaign against radio “boot-
leggers” and the like was begun several weeks
ago, the authorities appealing to the loyality
of individuals and at the same time enlisting the
aid of chimney sweeps, roof repairers, goocery
delivery boys, the radio dealers themselves and
others. to locate violators.

RADIO WAVES THROUGH HIS BODY

Hearing his wife's voice over the radio by
the ampliﬁcation of waves picked up through his
own body, was the unusual experience of the
Rev. Claude E. Morris, pastor of the Prospect
Park Baptist Church, Brooklyn.

Mrs. Irva Marshall Morris, his wife, was among
those who furnished entertainment for the mem-
bers of the American Expeditionary Force in
France, and was one of those on the Federation
of Church program broadcast by Station WEAF.
Mr. Morris went to the home of Eric H. Palmer,

'805 Avenue C, Brooklyn, who has a receiving

set with a loop antenna. Mrs. Morris's voice
was heard clearly through the loud speaker, and
. Palmer their asked Mr. Morris how he would

to hear his wife's voice through his own
. With incredulity, the clergyman grasped
antenna and ground posts with his hands
its!‘ the loop had beenlifted out, and heard

eggs

-"And still some persons say there are no longer
miracles,” was the comment of Mr. Morris.
(_.'_'Just. body induction.’ ljeplied Mr. Palmer.

     

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

INTERESTING RADIO NEWS AND HINTS

RADIO WAVE SLOWER THAN LIGHT

The discovery that the radio wave travels
slower than light was announced in San Fran-
CISCO by _Captain T. J. J. See, Professor of
Mathematics in the Umted States Navy,‘ Gov-
ernment astronomer at the Mare Island Navy
Yard and well-known authority on the theory of
ether.

.A0¢01‘dinz ‘to Captain See. lzhe radio wave
travels around the globe with a velocity of
155.000 miles a second, while light travels 186,000
miles a second. Captain See considers that his
discovery of the velocity of the propagation of the

‘radio wave about the earth may prove the most

notable step in the development of the wave
theory since Roemer’s original discovery of the
philosophy of light in 1675.

_ in an outline of his discovery, Captain See said
since the wave is probazated in the ether it is
remarkable that there should be the long recog-
nized velocity for light in free space; and a
smaller velocity for the radio wave as it bend;
around the globe. ’ ‘

In the Year 1914 there was an oﬂicial inter-

.-.p..v

change of signals between the naval observatory 

at Washington, and the national observatory at
Paris. The mean velocity of the wireless wave
was found to be about 173,000 miles per second.

Early in March of the present year, a win--
less signal was sent from the sending station
near New York to Warsaw, Poland, and reflected
back in 0.054 of a second of time. The double
distance is 8,500 miles and the speed of the trans-
mission comes out about 158,000 miles per seco '
or habout 15 per cent..less than the velocity

ig t.

“The mean of the two independent determina-
tions of the wireless wave is 165,500 miles per-
second, or 20,500 miles per second less than the
velocity of light. This .is eleven per cent. slower
than light travels in free space. So great 3 fm.
mg off in speed, in two well devised experimenh,
separated m_time by ten years, could hardly be
the result of chance, and thus we are led to
nize the fact that the radio wave ce '
travels over 10 per cent. slower» than light, in

distances such as those separating Europe from .
America. ' : .

“Recently a concert going on at Chi
distinctly heard near Cleveland, Ohiofaig '2:
servers at a depth of over five hundred feet in tho
solid earth. In Idaho and Montana radio wava
have been received in mines at the depth of
about half a mile. This is direct experimenﬂ
proof that the wave travels through the solﬂ
globe itself, and therefore must move mom»
slowly in this dense mass. the wave front t

being made to bend around the earth, when " ,"‘

advances to great distance, as from New York h
Warsaw.” —

DENTIST USES RADIO

Extraction of teeth with the aid of "
novocaine or gas is neither new to dentists. '

daymen. But a certain dentist in 
B_roo_klyn has gone even further. He 

/

 

   

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

uses all of these things but also WEAF, WOR,
WJZ. WI-IN and other such formulas—something
which, he says, has not yet been attempted by
any other dentist to his knowledge.

Like all dentists he applies his cocaine or novo-
eane to the gums and the gas to the nose and
month. But this WEAF, WOR, WJZ, WI-IN, etc.,
he applies through the patient's ears. the process
is not only simple but has proved to be a great
success both as a pain-chaser and a tear dis-
Heller. Nor is this process conﬁned to the extrac-
ﬁon of teeth. He uses’ it with equal success in
every kind of dental work.

The extraction room and each of the eight
operating rooms in his dental establishment are
equipped with a set of head-phones which are
placed over the patient’s ears as soon as he enters
the chair. Nor are those patients forgotten who
are waiting in the reception room for their
turn. It is in this room that doctor's ﬁve-tube
radio set of a well-known make is located and
a loud speaker provides entertainment. While

-.3£=!the ﬁve dentists are at work with the patients

5 Should the air contain a talk such as.“Methods , , _
of Torture” it would be wise to shift to another °f dlﬁelhht dllmsﬂer and can Wind on more or
Station at once. in the opinion of the young lady. 1°55. t“"‘5 a?°"."d"lll _t° "h9l-he!‘ the Station Y0‘-I
In the instauation of the radio set 8 System desire -to eliminate is on a high or low wave
waa_worked out whereby. with the one set, it is length-
‘ possible to have both the loud speaker and the The ends of the 45-turn coil are connected to
_hadphones in operation at the same time. Also the two connections on a 23-plate variable con-
It was found possible to time down these head~~ denser. The coil may be mounted on the in-
iahones without robbing the loud speaker in the sulatiniz frame of the condenser or may be mount-
leeqption f0(f)mh(;f its cleamess. h ed separately.
several 0 t patients who ad work done on to 4* ' ' ' '
CI their teeth while listening to a dance program turns of“ tlife tgﬁmeoﬁiizem  eviiilunlfeiiig '
that was being broadcast were asked how the connected to each binding post: This can is no‘
idea of using radio with dentistry appealed to connected directly to the 45_mm coil but work,
them. Their opinions were summed up in the by inducﬁon, ‘ ’
foll_owl'i:i‘:n$tement which was made by one of h The second ﬁlter is easier to_ construct as it
‘It’: t‘. It surely takes away the old ain " as (ml) one wmdmg on "L This conswts of 75
awhiferalistening-in," the dentist said.p“tlie §3:'u‘§d°ifnn::'i:ejzie2ia§§:bl° coveted magnet wire
A l8tient’s mind is S0 Occupied that. his fear of _The two ends of this coil are connected to two
Icrvousness is allayed and the dentist is able to binding posts and to the two sides of 23-plate
do IIIIJE eﬁicient wéirk. There arethmany Dgfsttiﬁs variable condensed '
Who ow signs 0 nervousness e minu e e - - -
dentist commences to drill and their minds are ofﬁnslifgiggngvigfhtuﬁceld added't}r:amel-V that
concentrated on the pain they expect to come. The mg posh This switgh - a°5'°5i, 9 “'0 l’“'‘d'
# “°§‘e‘s?“ll' cut °‘“ “'19 5‘}’1“"d °f the drill switch lever and two swi)tschm:oifmcisme(;‘;:1:l;)£-,da
switc the patient’s t oug ts to more pleas— - - “ ‘
at m‘"'°’S-” ' i’S1gl€¥:Sf)DleS!'l cordlheectigvitghol];'eﬁ'°ri:a?dnhl:'t:dht<li .
the other binding post.
7 \ ‘ . ‘ - ’
THE “AVE TRAP This permits the shortening out of the wave
With an increasing number of broad-casting trap when 't.‘'5 “°t ’°‘l““'°dv 3 Valli-fihle feature
Stations in operation. it becomes diﬂicult for a as the lute’: mtmduces s°"‘° 1°-‘S95 ""0 the 3"‘
large number of radio fans living within a few temla °"°‘"_t' _
miles distance to choose what they wish to listen The 5h9"t1hR SW1tCh Would also be‘an excellent
to. Without the aid of selective tuners and the ‘lung t° "‘¢°l‘P°l'3l’v9 0“ the first ﬁlter. A wave
most careful handling it is necessary’ for the tn?» 110 mhl’-tel‘ how Yell constructed. introduces
owners of a set near a broadcasting station to "°Sl5m“°°_ "'30 the Cllfult Ind will reduce the
listen to the local program. V°l“m° 3l1lg‘.’htlY-
For a great many of us the fun of radio is If 3'00 intend t0_ Dlace 8 Wave trap in the
, not so much what we hear but the sport of Chhlhﬁl? 01' the rec!’-We!‘ 81'|'8!|2e it so that the
g’ hunting down new and distant signals. We would °°1_l 13 Placed ‘at right angles to the inductance
‘ rather listen to a harmonica solo~being played “mt-3 °f the "Ni"? Of ¢n¢l'KY between the coil
‘ ' (tom a station 1.000 miles away than listen to 0f the ﬁll!!!’ and the inductance of the ﬁlter.
,_' , Hand opera from a station 10 miles away. Do not use smaller -
3 To overcome this diﬁiculty a remedy is to re- Number, 20 or even 18 he nb':~.ttli:-rstilzl. “TE

his secretary manipulates the radio selections.

 

J  the sin of your aerial or to use an indoor

-an-ml or loop. will reduce atmospheric

disturbances a great deal and at the same time
sharpen tuning considerably. Most of the aerials
in use are too large.

A wave trap.or ﬁlter can be very easily con-
St"-lclied thtt Will. very often, enable you to tune
out local stations and listen to out-of-town con-
certs. You can incorporate one into your present
radio set.

Two diﬁerent methods of constructing a wave
trap are here given. Both are of the same type,
yet use slightly different coils. Both are ar-
ranged for mounting in a small cabinet to be
placed at the end of the receiver where the aerial
is connected.

30th types a1‘e_provided with two binding posts,
one _for the aerial, and the other for the con-
nection to the aerial binding post of the receiving
set. In other words, the ﬁlter is placed in series
wig: the antenna and the receiver.

_ne ﬁlter is built on the absorption principle,
having two coils. One coil consists of 45 turns
of nuinber 22 cotto_n-covered wire wound on a
3 1-2-mch tube. This speciﬁcation does not need
to be adhered to exactly as you can use a tube

condenser hould be f '
purer-biy"or the “$33? iii ‘:’°y7.'..°l"““""°'

 

  

’r

 

. the envelope.

ff?

26 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Fame and Fortune Weekly
1~3Ew YOR-K, JUNE 13, 1924

TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Postage Free
One Copy Three 'MontbI . . . . .. " “ 
‘.

 

Cents

one Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. " "

8
00
00
One Copy one Year . . . . . . . . .. " JXD
Canada, $1.51); Foreign, $5.00.
HOW To SEND MONEY-—-At our risk send 1:’. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered better; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We accept Poatale
sum s the same as cash. when sending I lver WHIP
the oil: in a se arate piece of paper to avoid cutting
rite your name and address plainly.
Address letters to

HARRY E. WOLFF, }Harry E. Wolﬂ, Pres.

Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander. Sec-
166 W. 23d St., N. Y. L. i-‘. Wllain, Treaa.

ITEMS OF INTEREST

FROST HAD TAKEN ALL HIS BURIED
WINE

It is being told of a prominent Chace Count .
Kansas, man that during. the last severe cod
weather of the winter, just at the time when
County and State oﬂicers were putting on booze
raids in this county at frequent intervals, he de-
cided it was time to put his house in order. _

A glass ‘u; with some exceptionally  wine,
which he ept on hand most of the time, was
accordingly buried in the back yard. The treas-
ure wasn’t sunk below the frost line, however,
and recently when the weather warmed up and
the prohibition excitement cooled oﬁ, he_dug it
up to ﬁnd that the wine had frozen, the Jar had
burst and he was minus the liquor.

TREE'S HARD FIGHT FOR LIFE

There is an ancient evergreen tree upon the
rocky mountainside in Gracier National Park,
Montana, which experts say shows evidence of
having battled for its existence with the elements
for three centuries.

Huge snowdrifts heaped. from the mountain
tops each winter crush it to earth and there it
lies, growing along the ground. The trunk is 12
inches in diameter. Each spring it tries to rise,
but it can never grow up like other trees because
every winter there is a hundred-foot drift in this
particular spot in Cracker Canyon, where nature
gave it root. The Glacier Park foresters regard
this tree as one of tlfe queerest freak.-: of nature
they ever saw.

ELEPHANTS COST $1,800 T0 $5,000

Mary, the largest and most popular elephant
at the Berlin Zoo, who died some weeks ago
from eating too many peanuts, may not be re-
placed for some time, the park management has

dﬁided, because of the cost involved.
nquiriea made of animal trainers since ﬂary
srsed awatx has revealed that an elephant to-
y is wor from 81,800 to $5,000, according to
d health, and the manager has

   

V» -. s r - , 3

, thousand '.”'

 

max, site an
‘ 'I_ up Mary’: old and posted a_ sign on

the front gate reading: “Untenanted. Elephant
house may be used as an aviary in the summer.”

A perfectly good hippotamus in the European
market to-day is worth between $2,000 and 34,- ‘
000. Indian rhinoceros may be had for approx- .
imately $3,000, f.o.b., at the animal farm. All
wild animal buyers take into careful considera-
tion the question of freight rates, because of the
weight and investment involved.

A splendid tiger may be bought these days
for from $1,000 to $1,500, according to the sup-
ply and demand, while lions, fresh from South
Africa jungles, may be had singly or by the
dozen for from $550 to $900 each, according to
size, disposition and appetite. Wildcats are -
cheaper, but the wilder they are the more they
cost. Snakes are the cheapest things on the zoo
price list, and are sold generally by the running
foot. for the little fellows, and by the yard for
the big ones.

 

“ljla,” s_aid Clarence, “what's a foregone con- - K
clusion?" “That even when the bride promiaea

._ to obey, she never will,” replied his dad.

“Is that little boy I sa_w__vou playing with  ..
afternoon a good boy, Willie?” asked his mother. .- 
“No,” replied Willie. “he’s not much good, 
he's the only kid on the block that ‘I an lick.’ 0

.Little Ned—Don’t / take away the _
Mainma—l want, you to learn to sleep without :'
a light. Little Ned—Must I sleep in the dark? I '5
Mamma——Yes. Little Ned—Well. then, wait I i 5
minute. I guess I'll get up and say my pi-aye;-a _, -:
a little more carefully. , ._§

Car Driver—-Me and that 01! horse has lieu »".
working for the company for twelve years now. 
l‘assenger—'l‘hat so’! The company must think a . 
great deal of you both. Car Driver—Well, I ._ -“
dunno. Last week the two of us were taka
sick, and they got a doctor for the horse and.
-locked me. Git up there now, Betsy! .

we

“witness,” said a lawyer in the police co}  ._.‘J
the other day, “you speak of M ' I 
well of. Is he worth $5,000?" .
“No, sah; he h ' ’t rf twenty-
ﬁve cents.” “Then how is heuivellwgﬁ?”
a wife, sah. who s’ports de hull fam'ly, salt.’

 

.;?...a.. .1

It was a dark night, and the owner of the "
chicken coop, gun in hand, was investigatingw
certain suspicious noises he had heard. “What,
in there ?" he called. Erastus, inside, replied 
softly and reassuringly:' “There ain't nobody
heah ‘cent us chickens.” V .

  
 
  
   

The crabbed bachelor and the aged spam‘-‘ : ,
sat suffering in the concert hall. The ‘ _?;.
were apparently_unfaniiliar to the baclielor,-aif
when the “Wedding March" was played he p1'iei‘r:.'=;’,
ed up his ears. “That sounds familiar,‘ he" ‘J5
claimed. “I’m not strong on these . .7
pieces, but that's a good one. What is it?!’ 
spinster cast down her eyes. ‘That,’ 5% V
him,,demurely, “is ."l‘he .Maiden’s.Pray_g..W.‘

    

  

 

   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
    
   
    
  
 
  
 
  
    
   
 
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
    

. ‘—v Q

.".'0LD NEWSPAPERS GIVE NEWS or
~ BYGONE DAYS

~ Members of local Odd Fellows lodges in clean-
:» ing the attic of their home in South street, Pitts-
Ield, Mass., recently, came across several edi-
iions of the Coimecticut Com-ant ‘dated 1792. The
1 rs are believed to be relics of the Pingee
7 ' y whose homestead has been converted into
‘the Odd Fellows Home. The printing is legible
‘Hid a number of rare news items are contained
-1!’ the numerous pages.
,, Included in the paper _
' gynsicians telling of the beneﬁts to be derived

being inoculated against smallpox. Crim-
winal records are also listen and a number of proc_-
‘lumations signed'by George Washington, Presi-
derit of the United States; John Adams, Vice
guresident, and Thomas Jefferson, Secretary of
_ is ,

» Statistics contained in one of the editions show
A ﬁﬁiat" there were at the time 107,094 slaves in the
‘State of South Carolina. '

are advertisements by

 

p , TAMING THE _COYOTE
« e-have in Minnesota, Dakota and Canada the
yote or prairie wolf, a cunning animal on which
- is a Government bounty of from $3 to $5.
‘writer, who likes to experiment, often crosses
with a collie or shepherd dog.- When a
« 4 . “is born they may all turn out like the wolf
'§sposition, and in this case these hybrids are
use more than to keep caged as curios.
the other hand, if the whelps show a kind
'tion, they can be reared and become as
There can also be one or
. ’ in the litter that will make good dogs or
‘ , or even the whole ‘lot. The writer has
« J. pair at this writing, a male and female. The
7 E’ which is a large fellow, is as tame and,
fact, more affectionate than the collie itself,
= —his mate is kept in a cage and cannot be
. The same can be said of the wolves.
, , one or more in the litter m_ay.show a kind
_  while the others remain in their nat-
‘ I (re thenseparated from the others, and
-real pets, but are best kept_ in yards or
~"chains. Some years ago the writer sent one
these ﬁt wolves to New York State, where he
,.~]I1t' harness’ on a sleigh with other dogs.
V! s vei'y,taine, and any child could lead him
Crosses from these make good watch
and can be depended on. They are very
{and if of solid color resemble the wolf.
as it may seem dogs with wolf blood are
cared for by other dogs, and arenot iituiers;
the wolf himself is given a wide berth by
lht if attacked by dogs be generally comes
 for one snap at each ﬁlls the bill.

    
    
   
   
 
  

 

‘iiauicran Kansas TREE ‘ s

 
 

FAME ‘AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

 
 

~ has haunted’ h '
  ‘.mna-‘use’
E hishwnrtii‘

on the ‘east bank of Crooked Creek seven miles
southwest of Meade.

Fifty years ago next August a party of Gov-
ernment surveyors, surveying Meade county ter-
ritory, encam
then some six inches in diameter. The party
consisted of Capt. Francis Oliver Short and his
son and four other civil engineers.

During the nightjndians crept up on the camp

’ of the surveyors and wiped them out. They were

buried a hundred yards southwest of the tree, but
later their bodies were disinterred and removed
to their homes in the East. Near the tree there
is still visible the depression in the sod where
the six men lay buried after the massacre.

Ever since that tragic day weird tales are told
of spectral manifestations in this particular sec-
tion of Meade county. It is related that a party
of landseekers a few years after the surveying
party had been murdered camped near the tree
and _were startled from slee during the night
by dismal cries_ and decla they beheld shad-
owy forms lurking in the gloom and lost no time
in making a hasty exit from that place.

In the quiet of the night the leaves and
branches, of the lone tree are said’ to assume
grotesque shapes and apgear as though electri-
ﬁed, while tongues of ame ﬂash incessantly.
The lone tree is one ofthe old landmarks of
Meade county. and is being careful] preserved,
standing as a silent sentry over t e- hallowed
’ d where once echoed the savage warcry of
the Indians in their vain attempt to push the
white man from the plains.

 

NEW ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUN HAS BIG
c RANGE

Enemy airplanes in the next war will do wen
to keep out of (reach of Uncle Sam’s newest arm.
The air is com: to be untenable for boiﬂoiiig

lanes ﬂying at an altitude of 10, t or less,

_nibat and scout achmes to keep out of danger
will have to climb 30,000 feet.

The new anti-aircraft wea ii was demon- -

strated atFrtTotten' N. . h

Coast Arti1lei?y held tiie'srst of,awse:i'Y:ast<li‘f? £31913
anti-aircraft days. The weapon indicated to ord~
nance experts, who watched it rake the sky above

the fort, that it will provide greater range and

more destructive power than ever before obtained
from this type of gun. ,

When ﬁve bombing planes from Mitchell Fiel
participated in a sham attack on the fort four-‘o
these guns blazed away at the machines until
they were beaten_oﬂ’, and those in charge of the
g£;'lI1‘l!)11(;>;lS1l;Tt8e§l‘:0!Ael:hey were marks for Uncle

e. new weapon is'a three-‘ ch '
shell three feet long and emplc‘>|yinggn::l’o:i';t1!'xo¢'¢'
projectile, a post-war development. It can hurl
ﬁfteen shots a minute more than 30,000 feet. An
girpilgne can be brought down easily at 6,ooc

ar . .

Thegunisonamobil tht i.‘ -_
stalled on battleships willeb!:01‘ill.hc'eduin: §’i's=$.
ent manner. It is manned by a crew of mmwho

.i\ '_' ~‘

 

pal under the branches of the tree,«

 refer,  in  minatu'_a§§‘

 

  

present p
1000.

 

FAME Ann FORTUNE WEEKLY

ITEMS or INTEREST "

INSECT SOUNDS CéA§JR(.‘:,I-IT BY “ELECTRIC

Sounds made by small insects generally be-
lieved to be absolutely mute may be heard by a
microphone reported to have beci completed re-
cently by scientists of an Eastern electrical con-
cern, according to Populwr Mechanws. Sounds
heretofore too faint to be caught by the human
ear are said to be recorded by the decive, which
registers the waves as they _ _
current passing between contacts in an insu-
lated ring. Experts claim_ that the apparatus
iiifay be of great advantage in the study of insect
l e.

THE ENGLISH CHANNEL TUNNEL
The English Channel tunnel project is kept

‘alive by its promoters, although the British gov-

ernment persists in refusing to grant the neces-
sary authority, largely for national and-strategic
reasons. The material to be encountered for the
entire distance is very favorable, being. a deep
bed of chalk marl, or chalk inﬁltered with clay.
That this material does not swell on exposure
and is impervious is shown by_the trial heading
built in 1880-1881 and extending about _a mile
under the sea. With the boring machine de-
signed for this work, and used experimentally, a
heading twelve feet in diameter can be driven at
therate of 120 feet per day, and two machines
started at opposite ends should meet in less than
three years. It is proposed to complete this pilot
tunnel or heading and then its enlargement to
full section could be started at various points, so
that the time for the completion of the concrete-
Iined tunnel is estimated at 4% years. Instead
of the usual mucking operations, the excavated
matgrial would be mixed with water to form a
front and hen pumped to the surface. With
s the cost is estimated at $145,000,-

ESKIMOS REINDEER WORTH MILLIONS

Thirty years ago the Eskimos of Alaska had
nothing, but now they control neail-3' $5,000,000
worth of stock and property, acco ing to Wil-
liam T. Lopp, superintendent of the Alaska di-
vision of the United States Bureau of Educa-
tion. He has been inspectin reindeer herds
grazing in the plateau of Broa Pass, Alaska.

- Because of the encroachment of privately
owned herds of reindeer on the Seward peninsula
and Point Barrow section of the territory, it is
planned eventually to remove the Eskimo herds to
Broad Pass, with Cantwell as the directing base.
The first herd of 5,000 animals will be driven
from the Seward paninsula to Iditarod next fall,
allowed to recuperate, and _started again in time

1 to cross.the big rivers before the break up in

spring.

“Particular care must be exercised,” said Mr.
Lopp, “in handling the reindeer fawns. Once
the*human hand touches a fawn its mother dis-
owxw it. For thatfreason the Eskimo herders

  

.-

disturb a delicate -

wear gauntlet reindeer-skin gloves and a rein-
deer-skin parka, and also spread reindeer skin in
the_sleds on which the little creatures are placed
until the herd rounds up for the night and they
can be delivered to their mothers.

In bringing over the herds from the Point
Barrow region it will be necessary to drive them
to ‘the Yukon River, there to load them on spe-
cially constructed barges, on which they will be
towed_up the river to Nenana, where they will
be “shipped by the Alaska Railroad to Cant-
we

_ It'is estimated there is a stri 100 miles 5 uare
in _this' vicinity suitable to rein eer grazing.
rail _transportation at hand, those interested in
the industry predict that some day before long
reindeer meat will be as common as mutton in
the markets of the States.

ll

LOOK,‘ BOYS!
TRAPEZEE

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!

_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
{nan accurately performs like an ath-
ete.

Five Diﬂerent Stunts-

THE_ FLYING TRAPEZE — Release the
trigger-pi_n and the ﬁgure swings for-
ward, gripping the brass trapeze-bar,
turns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross-bar by his heels.

THROUGH THE LOOP—A swift swing and
he goes, through a wire loop, makes a
turn and, catching by_his heels, swings,
head downward from a bar. '

TI-IE_ GIANT SWI1VG—-He goes forward .

— with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches
a horizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again.

He performs two more horizontal-bar,
acts with the grace and agility of a ir.
cus star, and many new ones can befjn-
vented.

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World!

PRICE $1.50

The collapsible stand and the little rnani— '
kin are neatly packed in a handsome box.
Delivered anywhere in the United States on ‘
receipt of price. Address ..

WOLFE NOVELTY C0.,

166 W. 23d St., New York City, N. Y, 

 

The Acrobatic Wonder Toy V l

a

"ith '

 
 

 

 
 
  

 . SEE that coupon? Remember the day you
I urged me to send it to Scranton? Mary,
 was a red letter day for us.

H -?‘Mr. Carter called me in to-day, and said
 been watching my work ever since
he had learned that I was studying with the
 Correspondence Schools.

“Tun he asked me if I thought I could take
-- George Stevens’ job. I told him I was
~ that I could—that I had had that goal in
_ ever since I began studying with the
. C . .
’" 9! start to-morrow, Mary, at an increase

*ﬁ0 a month.”

[OW about you! Are you. 8lW3YS 20318
no work for a small salar_y_? Are you
L - to waste your natural ability all your
 ~- ? Or are you going to get ahead in a big
.- '? It all depends on what you do with
spare time.
'.Opportunity is here——this time in the form
- -that £a"mi}iar I. C. S.,couP0n~ It ma!’ Sctm
 y 1 little thing, but it has been the means

 better jobs and biggct S813T1¢€ t0
A  of men and."women.

an law: the position you want_m the
‘ you 'Re best. a salary that will give you
e_ giouejfqmily thehorne, the comforts, the
W ‘i F’ youyould like them to have.

  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
 

 “rm Making Real Money Now!”

No matter what your age, your occupation.
your education, or your means~—you can do it!

All we ask is the chance to prove it. That's
fair, isn't it? Then mark and mail this cou-_
pon. There's no obligation and not a penny
of cost. It's a little thing that takes but a
moment, but it’: the most important thing you
can do to-day. Do it now!

' mi?ii7A'r'ioTi'a'i.'¢;n'ii?ei-'3ni_u:Tc¢—eeno—eiT " "

In use-c. Ia-utee. Peon.

Without out or ohllgetlon. alone tell no new 1 en nuelt fu

'|.he position or in the eubjeet Delve which I hue necked en

IUIIIBI TIAIIIII COUIIEI
Soleunndu

: Budnell lhneaunent n -
_ Indian ..: lenzxeoweln Adverttdu .
_ Personnel nnlntln getter Intern
_ Tnlﬂc llninininent Card bettering
_ Buelneu Lew st: and
nuiimm um - ~- 1... 3
‘_ -' ‘ “ .P.A.) Civil servlee
,. Nicholson Cost Accounting Ralhny Hell Chi-k
.. Bookkeevlnz uninon School simuu
-. Private Secretory Hill: School subieeu
-JSDIIIIIII E] French Xlluetretlal Cl Cnrtoonllc
. TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSE!
lleetrteul 1-Jnxlnoerlng an-mg.‘-1
Electric Llzhunx Blue Print media:
Methlnlcll Enﬂneer omtreeter end But Me:
Moehenlcnl Draftsman Architu-tun! Brahman
Mnehlne Shop Prectloo count. nun [
gnllitda Poeotgleonsi Strnetunl neer
u nu ni cum
Cu“ E“ I II at: .I;‘hI1DlC1
Surveying and llnpplu Axrgium ﬁn
Metnllurﬂ Navigation
Steein Engloeerlﬂi Agrteuliure end Peel:-y
Radio )nthi-mailer .
Nmm
::::.::.i.  -
0ecuoeuen..........

...»-~=;-~+-...,..«.:.c--;.;y;':.':-~i......“"“"“-é- ;

 
   

 §j _

Follow this Man!
Secret Service Operator 38 Is on the Job V

Follow him through all the excitement of his chase of the counterfeit gang.
See how a crafty operator works. Telltale ﬁnger prints on the lamp stand‘;
in the murdered girl's room! The detectives cigarette case is handled by
the unsuspecting gangster, and _a great mystery is solved. Better than
fiction. It's true, every word of it. No obligation. Just send the coupon.

The Confidential Reports
No. 38 Made to His Chief

art of it all is this._ It mziyropen your eyes to the great

as a highly paid Finger _ _
needed right now. This school has talgen men ]U_St like you and trained
them for hkgli oﬂicial_ positions. _ This is the kind of work you would
like. Days lof excitement. Big salaries. Rewards.

FRE

And the best
future for Y0

Earn $2500 to $10000 aYear

You study at home in spare time

No advanceeducation is needed. Any man who can
read and write, and think can make good. A won-
der!ul‘bi)io:l‘( tells all aﬁiut yvhat oilseri have doiie.

s resort cnmesan emenwo
£334 iﬁci-iii We'll send you a FREE copy with the
the special offer now being made.

4

l7ﬂVm8l'l7~0lI' APHJID science
IOO&nydIeAve..lDeyt.A»I00 cﬂeuo.lnlnb_

 

 

int Expert. More men are

UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
1920 Sunnysido Avo.. Dept. A-109 Glaxo. lﬁﬁ

Gentlemen:-—Without :1‘! obligation whatever send 3 '

your new, fully illustra
your offer of a FREE course in Secret

and the Free Professional Finxer Print Outﬁt.
$13.....................,...-.-......s............-nonon‘ \
Aw“l...... . . . . . . . . - . . . - cassette . . . . . . . ..u...o-o-insane‘

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ¢ . . . . . - . - . u . 5Iooonvcneuooev-ubwouotcwypqa

Free book  ‘ ’

 

 

 __ snail-like, but in
"hfthe

I Qther

;V.¢h

7 Creeping

    
  

.:&ill so used

THE COWRY

The cowry or
cowrie is a spe-
cies of mollusk,

 some of which

are very familiar
as dgorative ob-
jects and as fur-

'nlshing a medi-

um of exchange
with uncivilized
peoples. The
shell is more 01'
less of an oral
form, and is us-
ually thick, pm-
ished and beauti-
fully colored. The
young shells are
more typically

adults the
large last whorl
more or less con-
ceals others and
has its outer lip
in toward the in-
ner. The animal
has a broad head,
‘end protrusible
proboscis, eyes as-
soclated with the
long horns, and
a broad fcot pro-
truded through
the elongated
Iperture. T h e
mantle or skin
fold which forms
the shell, as in
mollusks,
extends over the

.-Whole or most of

surface, and

{IS conceals
during life what
8l\'es the dead
Shells half their
arm. The
O0_Wry is a slug-
gish creature,

an rocks and cor-

ll reefs. A cow-
found in the
dive Islands

‘ its long used as

currency, and is
_ in
nca. In Siam
were requir-
to ‘make a

slowly 4

 

TDBABIHI

Habit Cured or No Pay 1

‘pro, ' . .eInwIn¢' eudf :
$1233.“ a . ﬁts tron “IIOII 

‘ I. Coehll. it cures. Nothina ' 3 folk.
'§'t'J'FERB.A I

-31. ad. ‘
6 OLD nous! wsx-up u‘
03 to 500 EACH paid for hundreds oi do l
coins. Keep ALL Old or odd money, it any 3
be VERY ulusble. Send ﬂ us. for lLLUI- .
'1‘RA.'1g-ZDWCOIN VALUE BOOK. (:0. Gel f
P t C-AZ.
C°I..ABKl 60%, 00.. Ave 18. Lola}. N. 

PIMPLESI

Your ﬁlm can Io Quietly cleared cl !
Pimple; Blackheads. Acne Eruptions on i
the see or body, Barbers Itch, Eczems, :
Enlarged Pores end Oily or Shiny” Skin. ;

Wrih hdeylor-y VIII 3 xurr;
FREE "A can:-ran sxnc," unis. how I l

eorodrnyselfsfhrbdugﬂirudiiyesrs. l
Iloootauhsspsleoneiouyoarﬂ-oﬂhosbovs Ileaulehosm
I.§.IIVINI,lI Chnbellt. KIIOCI C181. No. l
. I
TOBACCO. LIQLOR and I\i0RPHI.\'E
Iilll)li.~l run he on-r<,-«-xiu- with the sill of
HILIIS (.‘lll.()Rll)I-I OF GOLD l'Rl'IP.-\R:\-'_
TIONS. Liquor rcmeily can he p.'lVl'il st-1-ret-»
ly. Partlt-ulnrs l“rs~e_

OHIO (‘Ill-2\ll(‘.»\L VVORKS,
Dept. 6. \\'oetlIeld, N. Y.

NOSE

A PERFECT-LOOKING

Trsdos Model No.
:5 corrects now all
ili shaped noses
quickly, painlessly,
permanently, and
C0l1If0X‘tal)l_\‘u[,
home. It is the only 5.
safe and guaran-
teed patent device
that will at,-tuull_v
give you :1 perfect
looking nose. Over
S7,000 satisfied
u.~xg-rs. For Years
rec-omnu-ndl~d n_v pliysiciuns. 16 years oi‘
experience in iuanufm-luring Nose Shapers
is at your service. Model 1:5 junior for .
children.

Write for free booklet. which tells you

 

CuI"2silyBeYosrs *-

how to obtain :1 perfect looking nose.
,\I_ 'I‘RILI'J’l‘\', SPl‘I(‘lAY.I.~"l‘
Blngbamton. N.

Dept. 2083

‘Big 3-Ft.

gives new CIIIID. "IV

stars ss never beiore
Brsu '

.7. l

' ‘ , hnd as '1' th
gzeepeoplsgand oluectl mile! 8;” On’ “"30? Set. 121‘ 
_ Orrin out over 3 feet lonl: Inens_n'res it
powsrfu lenses. - 00%|

. "Sui I'rovin_cetowl '
ns."- - Scribner.

..,_°-1:...-e-ii-»d..-er-.......,':.'.‘.°.;.*<::°... «*
‘ refunded. 0-sq-soda-§'n':"i:'.

FER‘ RY 5Z°C‘3:7s'§3 Jackson Blvd.,

  
  

All Ready
Fellows-
Let’s Go!

When it comes to real music this
harmonica band of ours has the pro-
fessionals backed off the boards. We
don't want any complicated notes to
rwd—we don't need any fancy stage
effects to put this act across. One
man’: as good as another in this
show, so long as he blows a Hohner
Harmonica-

The World's Best

There's nothing like good music for emer-
tuinment and fun; and there's nothing like I
Hohner for good music. If you want to make
I hit with the kids in your neighborhood, get
busy and organize I harmonics band.

Get s Hohner Harmonica todsy and play it
tonight. 50¢ up at all dealers. Ask for the
Free Instruction Book. If your dealer is out
of copies. write M. Hohner, Inc., Dept. I56,
New York City.

 

lzwunstollv '.'..‘':'.‘'.‘.‘.';..‘.’..''=‘'..
In.

dcoo-itslbnacsn-null peruse
Vhoell. .b¢rns
hsdnml .

........ ‘ fl.
1 Comanvv-'-e ‘

M96‘

 

DOME 1.<.s¢N¢Jﬂo

Telescope ""333 .'»'.'¢'.'.'.‘.'.i§2.'.'i""

   

lose. Wonder
_ noon and —

inches closed.
tell of

‘svrcssme

While they last

Dept. A246, Chicago, Ill.

 , 941 A Wide-Awake Boy:

  

 

FAME ‘ AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

LATEST ISSUES -&

I

.'l."..‘l Always Lucky; or. Winning on Hie Ma-rite.
934 Out for a Corner: or, A Smart (‘hlcago Boy.
5:35 The Winning Trick; or. How a Boy Made Hi»: Mark.
H38 The Young Editor; or. Running a- Country News-

paper.
937 A Big Stroke; or. The Lad Who Made a Record.
938 in the Copper 1"ields;_or. The Mine That Made
the Money.
939 Fromva Cent to Fortune; or. A Chicago Boy's Grcat

. p.
940 A Start in Life: or. A Poor Boy's Rise to Fame.
or, Born With a Winning
Streak.
M2 Capturing the Money; or. How Ben Bailey Made
His Mark.
M3 Digging for Gold; or, The Luck n! a Boy Miner.
94-! A Boy with Grit: or, Earning an Honest Living.
945 Andy the Mill Boy; or. Rising in the Top.
946 Fame Before the Footlights; or, The Boy who
Brissed the Theatre.
94".’ luzcky Lee the omen Boy; or, The 3\'°rvie.-xt Lad in
New York -
.'>-$8 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young .\io,Isen:r.r.
‘J49 Pushing it Through: or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.
0.10 A Born Speculator; or. The Young Sphinx oi‘ Wall
Street. ,
'-.’yl The VVa_v to Success: or, The Boy Who Got 'l‘here.
H51‘ Struck Oil: or. The Bar Who Made a Million.
'.v.'»'3 A Golden Risk: or. The Young Miners ni’ Della
(‘ruz.
954 A Sure Winner; or, The Boy W'ho Went Out With a
i"lrr‘us.

For sale by all nawodealera, or will be sent to any ad-
dress on reeelpt of price. ‘it. per 0093. In money or non-
tan stamp!-

TIIE FOLLOWING NUKBERB PRICE S CENT?!
9.15 Golden Fleece; or. The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
U56 A Mad (‘ap Scheme; or. The Boy Trcasurv Hunters

‘of Cocos Island.
957 Adrift On the World: or. Working His Way to For-

- tune.
has Playing to Win; or. '1'he'l|'oaient Boy in Wall Street
H59 Tatters: or. a B0 From the Slums.

960 A aoung Monte sto; or. The Richest Boy in the
arid.
1061 Won hy Pluck; or. The Boy: Who Ran a Railroad.
1:62 “ Beating the Brokers; or, The Boy Who Couldn't
- Be Done.
‘J13 A Rolling Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
use Nevvef‘ Say Die; or. The Young Surveyor of Happy
a ey. '
96 Boaa or the My-ket; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street.
BIO The Chance of His Life; or. The Young l-‘filot of
Cfytal Lake.
MI Striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-

a re.
' Out for Business: or, The Smartest Bov in Town.-

‘:.09 A Favorite of Fortune; or. Striking It Rich in Wall

Street.
(:70 Through Thick and Thin: or, The Adventures of a
smart B0

971 Doing Hie lzevel Best; or. Working His Way Up.
972 Al;IIay: on Deck; 01-. The Boy Who Made His
ar .

973 A Hint of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
Broker. -

M4 The Ladder of Fame; or, From ounce Boy to
Senator.

975 on the Square: or. The success of an Honest Boy.

HARRY K. WOLF!-‘, Publisher, lnc.,
lee Went m street New York city
.____.

nu?

SCENARIOS {{,?.}’.gT3,,m

PI-lea I?» Cents Per Copy g
This book contain all the most recent changes

 

in the method of contraction and submission oi
scenarios. Sixty Lessons, covering eve phone of
inning. For aale by all Ne ealera and

Bookstores. It you cannot procure a copy. send an

the price. 8 cents. in money or postage starnpa, and

1ewtlia:allyoaone.poetage!ree. ddreas.
l..aaauou.s1oIenaaenAvo..Newtarh.l.!-

 

 

   

oua ~Tl-ZN-CENT HAND nooxs

Useful, lnatructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on Almost -
Every Subject.

No. 3:. now 1'0 xx-znp ll0l'SE.—lt contains’ ‘ '
tion for everybody, boys. girls, men and umen 
teach you how to malic almost ever around Ab _ -
1101139. such as pzirlor ornaments. b _ct;, gm I
Aeolian harps, and turd lnnc for cute .blrdﬁ' . ~._- ,-

.\o. 33. ROW 10 BECOME rout 015k’ 3... » A
A W°Dd€|‘f|ll hook. containing useful pi-actica.l' In-
formation in the treatment of ordinary genes andale
ments common to every family. Abounding in nail;
and em-ctivc recipes for general complaints.

i 1\ol..-ii). HOW TO MAKE AND SET TRAPS.—lncllId-
ng. unts on how to catch moles. weasels, otter, rats,
!~‘I[llll'l‘eli§ and birds. Also how [0 cure skins. Copiously

lllll<ll'ﬂl‘P(l.
THE BOYS 01-‘ NEW YORK END llEN’S

  

No. 41.
J0_l\E B00l(.~Lontmn!ng a great variety of the latest ’
jokes used by the most famous end men. .\'o amateur
minstnel is complete without this wonderful little book.

.\'o. 42. THE uoits or‘ xi-zw YORK s-rump
SPEAI-(ER.~ ('0lIt.'.Ilnillg' a varied assortment of stump
-*'DP9I'l!eS. Negro. Dutch/and lrish. Also end men’g
Jgkes. Just the thing for home amusement and amateur
s ows.

No. 45. nu: BOYS r 3; , ' \' - v
GUIDE AN!) JOKE B0(())K.—Slo‘rx‘1¢-thigglliexlrnﬁlrgg-:
’“5“"“311"°- EV€‘l‘.V b0.V should ol-tniu this book as it
contains ‘full instructions for organizing amateur ll)ilI- '
sl.r;nl~ troupes.

.'o. 52. HOW TO PLAY (‘.~\ﬂhS.—G ' up‘.
and full directions for playing Euchre, Cl"lvl'lg§g§heCglg'1no
l-‘orty-Five, liounce, Ppdm Sam-ho‘ 1);-aw pofet Aug
tion Pitch, All Fours, and manv other popular gain;-g of

cards.

No. 53. HOW TO WRITE L T . 

“tile h00k. tellin you how to n'l':itoIToR;otxx:‘sv‘:-'g¢?g;::t:lt‘
Your father, mot or. sister. brother. employep um
18“. e"9|‘¥h0dy and anyhody you wish tovwrite t .

No. 54. HOW‘ TO KEEP AND MANAGE PETE.»
Giving complete information as to the manner 33‘
method of raising, keeping. taming, breeding and mu.
agin all kinds of petnz‘ also giving full instruction: for
mak ng cages. etc. l-ully expla ned by twcnty-eighg .:

iilnzstratioiis.
. o. 55. now To COLLECT ST. .\1 '

Containing valuable information rc.?gal-’¢lsinAghtIl’aec‘¢‘:’<:l¥o.ct-: ‘W
ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Handsome!) ‘

illluqstrated.
o. 5-1. now T0 xann MUSICAL ms-rn.
3-_eI;:l‘ll di;-fctlonathow to make a llanjo, Violin, Zlthar.
memlflt RTE. «Hormone and other musical inatrn.
musisdl ogett er with a brief description or near], ""3 .
Profs I us”:-umentedused in ancient or modern tinsel. .
“W -‘5_¢‘.V ll-Strli . By Algernon S. Fitzgerald. for .5’
x2"u’°‘ﬁ'o‘%3“i‘3“£is’E6’{u§”i ¥»‘i’a~“‘= i““ """"
. ' - VI.-—
gzisg Brady.th;=. world-known detective. In whichnfelgrc 
and“affomﬁelzlittgzabrgomtentltdieexlistigizp mliet: for In} -A
wslql-known detectives. 98 8 experience‘ f «L,-
o. 80. HOW TO BECOME
Cogtllhlnlllg useful information §e:gg:igG3;:P 
lilillzgic °1'L‘Ln't?-r:‘i"Ts'i'id§~§‘.§1¢:‘°ot'i.?~‘i7 'IE3ar3:)l£‘-ex:-liloetorgpth '
sogely illustrated. 9' ' ad’
0. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINE... LI:
Cﬁntaining full directions for making electrical‘ Inna "
fo 'z‘.:".'.~‘o".t.'.§8"€§".fe%‘3§ici‘§§“‘la“;°ii ‘i"°n'“";§'.’i..§'°&°'r‘.'t" » ’~
illlliqstraﬁed. U ' ' ’ ' ° ' "5--2 
I. . .\l LDOON‘ J KE .— ' 
£30! ever DIlhl|;*hed.sat3i its 1sT§l-1:33} °o'r'“3:':' ,
mor. t conta na a large collection of conga. keg, ;_
conundrums, etc.. of Terrence Muldoon. the wig
humorist. and practical joker of the day. . -
No. s7 now to no nnac-rlucar. 'I'BlC‘.o—Q!..' r
fllnlm: a large collection of instructive and
amusing electrical tricks, together with illustra
By A. Anderson. - v
No. 03. HOW 1'0 D0 CHEMICAL TIlOKl.—-Oﬂoﬂ
taining over one hundred highly amusing and 13¢“. .
tive tricks with chemicals. By A. Anderaou. nag;
comely illustrated. ;

For sale by all newldezlters, or.  he sent to any ,

address on price, 10:. per copy.
in money or stamps. by

nanny n wonrr.  :
156 West 214 Street . Now that

 

 
 
   
    
 
     
 

    