BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No. 982 JULY 25, 1924 Price8Cents

rum  

%@V$' TWA? MAKE [k’/{|@[R'][§Y..
    

ﬂE9W|N ‘ =

 
   
    

 

..
".

    

 

' v\
\

'  -. “'  ‘*-
Tho furious mate mode 9. rush for Tom. and the boy ﬂed. Unluckily his foot caught in 1 place o!
rope. tripping him, and he fell heavily to the deck. A yell of exultation eocsped
Hawley us he pounced upon the boy.

    

2 [ Are You A kadio Fan? Read Pages 24 and 25 

 

W Bd net. New York.

  I. II
’< . COPOI-Oﬂooat ew!ork,!(.Y..undertheAeto($

 comm: AND FORTUNE WEEKLY 

J g  weekly-3I‘ibscrl::lon price. 84.00 per nu: Canada. $1.60: 5'0:-eirn. F-11"! :&W‘o

PI|)‘llaher. lne.. In

No. 982

‘NEW YORK. JULY 25. 1924

Price8 Cents.

A LUCKY CHANCE

-

OR, TAKING FORTUNE ON THE WING

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

 

1 CHAPTER I.-—Toin‘ Whitney and Captain
, Kedge.

  

. “so want to ship aboard the Polly Aim for
,the seaygon, dci ye, Tom Whi1i!;‘¢Y1?,:  'C9{§'
_tain Kedge, owering u n_ e ,9 V571 is 8 -
" steely ue eyes. R%hink ye d like to learn
inackerel—eatchin’, eh?” '
 The captain was standing before the door of
- his cottage, which was situated on the brow _of
Van elevation overlooking Gloucester Harbor, with
“his ponderous legs spread out like a pair of divid-
.\ ers, and his rough, horny hands clasped behind
" his ‘broad back. He had a black sou wester on,
I iand his big face was mahogany-colored and heard-
’; fed. Everybody intown knew Captain _Nat Kedge,
.wned the schoonerxPolly Ann, had an inter-
t in half a dozen other ﬁshing vessels, ‘and
Iivmed several cotta in the town as well, but
nobody really liked e man, for he was rough_in
his manners, outspoken, sometimes to an oﬁensive
’ degree, in his conversation, and was without an
' ounce of consideration for a tenant who was be-
sure in his rent, or a r of his crew who in-
curred his displeasure. _
“ "l‘here were other reasons, too, why Tom Whit-
ney should have considered him the last captain
in to for a ob; but for reasons of his own

 
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
  

i

y had hm ed.‘t_liein aside and had called
t bright, sunny spring morning at the Kedge
fubtage and asked the skipper for employment.
. ‘f!’ve got to turn my hand at something; sir,"
3 :7 ilieplied the lad in answer to the captains not
'- friendly ohservation, “now that father is
diand mother has only me to do end on. I'd
‘ r stick to the water-—seein at I’m used
at, havi worked up and Eownthe coast
_ the 00p for_the last year  father-
;taoklehanythin§' ashore."1v;n willing to go
a s are—-—— . .
» ye are?" replied Captain Kedge, sarcasti-

“ that’; about all ou'd_consider me
$ got as hiack of andling the seine

 
    
   
     

 
     
 

   
     
  
 
   

  
 
   

doing my share of workin
aux-9:1 ”eaii_hald my own wi
Gloistug“ ‘ ‘ i ‘

C ra";a*:é‘°* M

  

,sistent admirers were Joel

IICVCX

E‘ ‘‘f:-'‘‘ z“':a*,.§°.‘i‘,.§.d’°"‘T " th.

8. in on an oa

“The blessed varinint deserted at the last min-

ute. Ye heard that, did ye?” said the skipper,

savagely.

"I only heard that he'd left and gone to Bon-

ton,” replied Toni, ietly. '
“It won't be heal y for him it I ever set my

‘ hands on ‘him, I kin tell ye that. He signed for

the season, the villain, and alter reportin' for
duty. and puttin' in the best art of a day, the
first thing my mate, Buck '
that he man :1 to get his dunna and
Sgqye are loo in’ for his place, on
e .
Iinight straina ' tand eye, ifsobeit
your mother is willin’. But. bear in mind, ye
mustn't expect no favors aboard the Poll Ann."
“I_’m not asking for any favors, Cap'n ge,"
replied the boy, mmewha; proudly. "All I want is
a square deal." ‘«
The caftain leered in an unpleasant way when
he replie
f“Ye’ll ggt atosquage deal if ye dﬁsarve it. But
i e go or cu u any nion e -shines '1)
wish ye’d never been £orn—by the ye
ye will." ~
Harry w..s a well-built young fellow, of sixteen
or thereabouts, with clear~cut, resolute features.
lightly touched with sea-tan, dark .eyes, and crisp

bolted.

-
.

.hair, cut short. His athletic frame was set oﬁ

to excellent advantage by a suit of comparatively
new store clothes that ﬁtted him to a nicety; His
father, the late Ca tain Joel Whitney, had been

in the coasting tra e. between Boston and various l

down-zest ports, and Tom had served about a

year's apprenticeship aboard the sloop Martha V

Perkins. The widow had sold this craft, and the
good-will of her husband's trade, to a Gloucester
man, who had rechristened her the Sally Peu-

ley.
When Mrs.\Whitney was Martha Perkins, one ,

of the prettiest girls of Glouwcﬁster, her mat

ing young fellow of twen -s’ ,
a man of thirty; who had ,
the fore as mate)! a Glo
Perkins was won by Joel Whi A
étoxsgaxsejhis successful it
,“*°'«??¢!I ‘mature htzvnsp

  

awley, tells me 1!‘

Ye look strong and hes‘ , and _I dare say’

rd Harry, ._

 

    
   
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
 

- eighteen years of Whitney's married life he was

 more or less handica ped by adverse circum-
' "stances, while Nat Ke ge, on the contra , was
uniformly prosperous. The larger part 0 Mar-
tha Perkins’ ‘friends therefore believed she made
the mistake of her life when she turned Nat down
for the handsomer and younger.Joel. ~

“Am I to understand that you will take me if
my mother is willing?” asked Tom Whitney, af-
ter Captain Kedg'e’s last remark. - _

“Y es," nodded the skipper, with a curious look
in his eyes, “I'll take ye. Ye kin tell your mother
that I'll make a sailor and a ﬁsherman of ye for
old times’ sake.”

Thus speakin , Captain Kedie turned on his
heel and entere his house, one e tad foreclosed

I n and brought in from an unluc y mortgagor,

, wle Tom Whitney hurried toward his mother's
humble cottage to get her consent to lus shipping
on the Polly Ann. ,

 

“CHAPTER II.—The Shadow of Captain Kedge
. ‘ Falls on the Whitney Cottage.

I -. M Joel,Whitney was still a €041-lookin wo-

’, Inanrfit thirty-seven, and her wi ow’: _ s did

‘ not inxthe least’ detract from her personal or

pea:-anee. She was in the kitchen preparing dmj

‘nor when Tom hurried into the house.

4 "Where is mother?” asl_£ed,the
: Amwh was a delicate 3'1!‘ 31.1 ,°°n59‘l'-“nay

 — Y to do much toward e support of the
 taniiiy. , _ A ,,

3 ' “In ﬁle kitchen. What's the matter. ,T0_m- Y0“
. but 5.! :3,“ R‘:§h,_ with a curiosity nat»
‘rel e i-cums nces.- _

’ _ ".'!aI’ll know by and by, Ruth,” 3691195 the .135:
-an hahurried out of the sunny sitting and 411111118-

» room into the short passage which led to the one‘
' I addition used as the kitchen-

« other,”. cried Tom, eagerly, “I've as good as
shipped for the mackerel season. All I, need is
my pecrinission, and then I'll put my signature to

rti ‘n
" The wiedsow’s smile at the ap rance of: her

 Mmlwm son, whom she almost 1 lized, vanished

fat his words, and a troubled look came into her

   
  

fuse. . . ' . .

"I was in hopes you'd given the idea u when
 found that all the vessels had ship? 8 111“
‘ crew for the reason. l-Iozvtcllidlit giavgie-'\ ttlﬁt You

hgvgfbund an opening a e as _m men . -,

“I eard this morning that ,l*Ied Brown. Who

\ V with Captain Kedge _

main Ked 1'? gasped the little woman.

«in an indescri able look” in her eyes. ; You
"t mean to sa that———

F363, mother; mean to say that he has 8_81'e9d

 in place of Ned_ Brown, who, it 8P‘

' rsgzfdeserted Eesterday from the Polly Ann

«luau gene_to oston.” I" I ‘

t Captain Kedgfe ask you to go 1' she asked.
 tonal’

 
  
 

 

   

  

faeﬁier

 
   

A i.IJ’Ci<Y"

of his sister '

' embroidei-ing those infant socks she receives from

-.‘out gloves.’ ‘ t is ossible Cap’n Kedge hang

,,,v

 

CHANCE  

“Yr s, mother, those were his words. He also if
told me he__ was thinking of buying the mo go“ 
Mr. Flint. holds on our cottage. He -seems to ave » 
money to burn. ' He told me to tell you he would
probably call on you this afternoon if he and Mr.
Flint came to terms.” , V

‘ The little widow changed color and placed her
hand on her heart. The news did not seem pleas-'
ant to her. . .

“Well, mother, what do you sav ? Sha‘l I report.
aboard of the Polly Ann this afternoon? I have- V. -L
n’t more than time to get my duds together after
dinner and buy a number of things. that are ab-e
solutely necessary. ’ The schooner will trip her
anchor at the ﬁrst of the ﬂood to-morrow morn-

ing. , - .
“I don't like you to go, Tom,” said the'little 
woman, wistfully. ’ -'
“Neither am I anxious to leave you and Ruth, , :
even for a week, which may be the extent of our , '
ﬁrst trip, if the Polly’s usual luck stands. by her; ‘ *3
but I don't see how I can better myself, nor do ‘
anywhere near as well. Last season the érew off
the smack made one hundred and forty dollars,
apiece on their ﬁrst trip, and the Pr-.llv wa<:n’t 1.‘,
away a full week. Now, with similar’ luck Pd be 2 
entitled to half that amount. or seventy dollars. .
Think of that, mother! Seventy dollars would be
a godsend to us now.” » »
“It- would, indeed. I could pay the interest on?‘-
the mortgage and meet my bi Is.”
‘'0! course you could. And Ruth could

   
     

give up .
Boston, which pay so little and are so trying on
her eyes. Then there's the rest of the season to"
be heard from,” continued Tom, enthusiastically;
“I ought to make three hundred dollars altogether.“
That would put us on Easy street and give me a
chance to look around for somethinﬁuelse." »
‘‘I wish‘ it was any other vessel t n the Polly? " ‘
Ann,” said Mrs. Whitney, with an ominous shaker "
of her head. “I’ve heard pretty hard things  ~I
the way the men are treated aboard of her some;'--,;
times." - . ‘
“So have I, mother, but I don't take much stock? : ’. .
in those stories. Most of the crew who g on}
they

    
       
   

  
  

  
  
    
      
 

this season have sailed with Cap’n K _
and he couldn't hold one of them longer ' n = .
stepped ashore if he didn't handle thein.white._*
The men of Glo’ster, motlier,‘are not slaves, these?
days, at any rate.’-’ - . . _.
The little widow shook her head doubtfully. ‘
“Your father has told me more than once thlf
Captain Kedge carried a high hand at seafaud
his mate’ is worse.” . 
“Most cap’ns rule with few words, and they’
usually to the point. They don't stop to choouo
their language, either. When a chap tries in“
shirk his that he must expect to be handled witljsa

  

       
      
    
      
 
   
  
  
  

  

 
 
 
 
 
  

good many such ellows to deal with, and I.
e shows them little mercy. A inane win;
his business. and lives is to_ it, gets a
square deal, asa rule.. I think: 1t.'s.a,
‘give a dog a‘ hadnaine and it will

 

and - with Cap‘n. K658??-

old, ‘if he didn't .t1'.¢l- —


 

  

A LUCKY CHANCE 3

' as«he’s painted," said Tom, with a sort of tri-

- ant wag of his head.
he boy's argument was but for all that
the little woman was not convinced. Still, she

thought that her old suitor would treat her bayou

well for her sake, especially as he had hinted as
much. To tell the truth, she did not care to have
the captain call on her; neither was she particu-
larly pleased to learn that Captain Kedge pro-

to purchase the mortgage on the cottage

from Mr. Flint, the mortgagee, for she feared she

had some other purpose in view than merely to
invest his surplus capital. Tom, having won his
mother's reluctant consent to _his shipping on
-board.of the Polly Ann, went into the sitting-
room to wait till dinner was ready and to break
the news to Ruth.
“Oh, Tom, are you really going mackerel-
catching?” the girl asked him, almost tearfully.
: ﬁaThat’s what I am, Ruth," he answered, cheer-
 Y-
“ “ e shall be so lonesome, mother and I, with-
::out you. How long do you expect to be away!"
rrgsv I “It is~uncertain. Possibly a week, but more
likely ten days, or even a fortnight. Some smacks
’ have been out three weeks or a month before they
, made their-haul."
“How much do you expect to get in the way of
wages?" \
“The business of fishing is conducted upon the
system of shares. That is, half the value of the
5 ~ catch. after outﬁtting expenses have been de-
ff’ ducted, goes to the owner of the vessel and half
—' to the crew. Although the skipper and cook are
not required to take part in the actual business
of ﬁshing, each of them receives a full share. The
v captain gets, in addition, four r cent. of the val-
.., lie of the catch, and the cook regular wages."
‘ ,' “What does the load of ﬁsh usually bring?"
“That depends altogether on the market, Ruth.
The first catch of the season is usually the most
roﬁtable one, as they are generally packed in
and carried into -the market fresh. Last near
the Poll Ann's first trip netted over three t u-
sand do ars in bulk. After expenses had been
> taken out, and Captain Kedge had taken his four
per cent. rake-off and his half as owner the full
-shares amounted to one hundred and forty dol-
hrs per man of the crew. As I'm not an ex-
'en¢e.1 hand at ﬁshing, I've agreed to go out
grnhalf rates. I ex t to ke anywhere from
, forty to seventy dol ars on e ﬁrst trip.”
, “As much as that?" exclaimed the girl, to whom
such sums seemed almost princely in the famI1Y’S
straitened circumstances. .
“Yes, 3 much as that,” nodded Tom. conﬁ-
. dent

M

:>j..‘.=‘

\ﬁ

 

 

    
  
    
   
    
   
      
    

‘gs a lot of money," replied Ruth.

“To us, yes. ' _,

 , "It's a good deal of money to make, anyway, in
; ‘-‘ a week, or ten days, or even two weeks.”

= “A chap earns it, all right, for it's tough work.
_ . gttiﬁwill be harder on me, as I'm a greenhorn at
 “When are you mg away?"

V, «I ‘'1 sale! report a ' rd the Polly this afternoon

juxrte ." '

you going with Captain Kedge?" asked
opening her eyes.

~1oa»tolln_iotherso1"

  

    

“Yes."

“And does she appi-ove——"

“She isn't over-anxious for me to go, anyway,
and I_ guess she'd rather I'd not 0 out with the
captain, but it's the only chance have. I must
either take it or look for something else. As we
need moniy badly, I'd be a fool to turn down a
money-ma er ecause le sa the ski r ' a
hard man to work forggop y ppe is

Ruth remained silent and went on with her em-
broidery work. The conversation, however, was
not renewed, as Mrs. Whitney resently put the
dinner on the table, and after om had eaten all
he wanted he went out to make some purchases
for his trip to the mackerel grounds.

CHAPTER III.——\The Spunky Miss Wilson.

When Tom got his duds packed in a small sea
chest which had belonged to his father he started
out to make one call. He wanted to say good-by
to Amy W“S0n. 8 pretty goldenhaired min a
friend of his sister's,  whom‘ he was quite
chummy. Her father was ca tain of a three-
masted schooner that carri lumber from a
Maine port to Boston and New York. The Wil-
sons lived in a pretty cottage not far from the
bay. Amy's mother had sent her in a store in the
neighborhood on an errand, and she was return-
ing home when she met Dave Hawley, Son of the
Polly Ann_'s _mate, a boy for whom she entertained
a %reat dislgcle. ‘,3 ch 1 ' b
ave, on e on ry, was mu mpressed y
Admy’st good lfooks and ways, anillmlie took
a van age 0 every o seek com.
pany. He was a bi pggut of a boy, strong and
isiililscular, but no: iiifctive. He had sandy hair and
ow skin’ an he had ever had any good
looks they had been spoiled by an attack of the
smallpox_, which left his face full of shallow
indentations. He didn't seem to have sense enough
to see that his attentions were unwelcome to
Amy; or, if he did, he had nerve enough to per- ’
*='s:u"hx: '22:“ -3“ —':..*‘"‘**~
0 y sa , ' -
burly 'fr'ame iii front [of whler. ‘ﬂy: ;d§ﬁ:af‘ili'1iil"
Don t you want to come alon '."' ' '
zzfiiy sees W as v- “I  ,
on’t care to go sailing, x - 1,
$0 get home, so please let me p$ m . MT’ .
“Ho! You ain't in no hurry,” grinned Dgve
“I seen you comin’ along for a block and you
‘;:.1‘.i";...“.:s :5" is °°:';*. ‘*5 ;%*w».:*"
- ’°“.Y‘"‘ ?.°°?'- W 0''
5.§i‘i‘‘3.s’’‘§‘.'.;. 13°“ '-‘ii? ¥° ‘°"’s‘a‘$i',‘3¢,."“" ‘i“°,..,.‘“",.“
in wi om i . '
tal‘<‘e you out t'ot_her afternoon." ey un
mi" »‘35’i‘i.e"‘.’e,‘§‘i§§i, §m‘§“m°.'.‘§’a‘5?m'§{ §';.i"§."f“"
“D_o you mean to say I ain't as good company
as him?" snarled Dave, his protruding eye. snap-
ping spitefully. _
don't see that it's necessary for me to scu-
any”explanation of my actions to you, David 11.“. __
ley‘, ﬂashed the girl in no uncertain tones. -, - ‘ .
‘ Oh, you don t, eh? I spose I ain't good ¢nong§'-
for you 'eause we don't live in a nice unit. cog.
tagewith green blinds like you. won, 1 mg

   
 
 

   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
    
 
   
  
 
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
  
   
 

, you to know that my old man is just as well oi!
as yours, and mebbe better.” - - .
“ hat has nothing to do with it,” she replied.
“Then why don't you let me keep company with
‘no if I want to? What do you want to go with
om Whitney for? His old woman ain’t worth
a cent. Old Man Flint has a mortga e on their
. ‘ house, and it won't be long, I ess, a ore they’re
sold out, bag and baggage. I ope it’ll be soon,”
he added spitefully. »
‘ “You wicked boy, how dare you talk that way!”
’ erled Amy, wrathfully.
“ ‘Cause it suits me to. I hate Tom Whitney,
uid”one of these days I'll punch his. head for

"Pm much obliged to you, Hawley, for your

e  ‘hind intentions” spoke us‘ another voice at this
{unetur-e, “but if you pun my head it'll be when
m 7

Dave awley and Amy Wilson both turned
around and found themselves face to face with
Tom Whitney.

“Oh, Tom!" exclaimed Amy, her pretty face
wreathed in smiles. “I’m so glad to see vou."

‘Then I'll go with u, if you don't mind.”

“I shall be delightegoto have you do 50.» Mother
swan kin about you this morning.”

Asﬁve listened to this -brief interchan of
talkbetweenthe lhewas soft on an his
‘hated rival" his face grew as dark as a thunder-

_. cloud. Then he reeollected the answer Tom had
fgiven tohis aggressive remark and he grew white
.  x

389-
, “Ydu think I can't punch your head do you?"
.4, the roared. ‘.‘I kin wipe the ground with you, and
f ‘ , into um goin’ rrldmh Y‘<i>u’vembcen pglttitn
»..1h1n,g , here ’ ea ' me. a’s
whatsyou have. She wouldn't tretizt me the wag
* . she done now iflyou hadn't. I kin lick you wit
°“3%:.'»’i’.:. g‘3.‘f3..':‘.: . i.‘...l.°...‘;°..‘.” ti‘."i‘..‘i°‘§s..a
Bawley,” cried Amy, eteppin between the .
e ‘rs’; =°*:'.=:.-:°v..':°.;;..°.=s*=<* =m"~
‘A « an o- e -
—'”“I,om,” she answeged. . » . ‘ '
_ /“Amy, please stand aside,” said Tom (mietly.
_‘ ;I’m 'noﬁaft1;ai5leé>:n§aw;e'(y!l§:a'nying out his threat.
‘ am 3 e In -
,W‘.‘I ’t twobostoﬁzhth
2, gig.‘ :;gl;t,”p:lhI:‘tre§)‘ll1ed, luckily. ‘.‘Tui-neldeovgll
gﬁixsleeves again, sir,” e added. looking Dave
'  f .

" "a:2y);y h?§1°m.a and glared at Tom, who had
‘ «out from behind the girl and appeared
f the: issue. ’ ,
 all you!” cried the spunky girl,

    

 
  
 

 
 
  
 

t .
foot " ,

. Amy, ’cause I like you, said
tan y rolling down his sleeves; “but
I lneteh him ,alone,.that's all.”
of malice at Tom, Hawley turned
«and walked off down the street, mut—
under his breath. Tom laughed,
over the aifair looked rather

 
  
  

  
 
    
   
 

 

qt‘ : ‘ I I A‘ LUCKY

“And I'm glad to see you, Amy. Going home?”' 1
“9'Yee”'

i ought were lieispuak girl.
“””Ei‘?§‘n#¥«-3g5Wh¥~ ml or’ .

CHANCE

“Sure. S’p0se' he had refused to do as you
wanted—did you mean to pitch into him or-
self? You looked almost mad enough to do lg”

“Hardly that, Tom,” smiled the gn-L. “limp
afraid you must think me very unladyliké. But
if you only knew how he provoked me before you
came. I can’t bear the sight of that boy, and 
yet he's always forcing himself upon me. If he . y 4
speaks to me agam I shall certainly tell him in
a very few words what I think of him.” \

“And if he tries to do as he threatened a mo-~
ment ago he may ﬁnd I'm a tougher proposition .-
than he ﬁgures on," grinned Tom. '

“I do hope that you won’t have any trouble
with him, Tom,” said Amy, 9. bit anxiously.

“I'm not likely to for some little time, as I ex-
pect to leave Glo’ster early in the morning."

“Leave Glo’eter early in the morning!" ex- '
claimed the girl in surprise.

“Yes. I'm going mackerel ﬁshing this season
on the -Polly Ann.’

“Are you, really?" _ .

“I am, really. I was on my way ‘to say. Ed-,
by to you when I saw you talking to Dave w- 

 

“You won’t be away over a week or two at a ‘
time, will you?” - » ‘
‘'1 hope not.” , «
"Well, that’s better than if you weregoingto
Boston or somewhere else to remain away» for
months.” Your mother and sister will miss you

3 Y- 

“They’re bound to do that. You must go and _
see them as often as you can. You’ll'do that, 
won’t you, Amy?”

“Why. of course I will." .,
' Tom walked to the Wilson cottage, and Amy
ﬁersuaded him to come in a few minutes to see»

er mother. He stayed a short time,vthen  _
mother and daughter good-by and returned holﬁ " “‘*'_

 .i.=.=.i;; -.ar.  . .. 'i;«‘

 

‘to see if his chest had been taken down to the '
, schooner.

\ He found that it had. Half an hour 
later he left the house, after a tearful parting .5-‘.
with his mother and sister, and started for  5‘
penter’s Wharf, where the Polly Ann had been
taking on her ice. He met Captain Kedge com» 7;
ing up the street.
‘Ye are gain’ aboard the schooner, I s’pose‘P'a.
said the skipper, eyein the "boy keenly. “Yektv V
got our mother's perm ssion then?” . ,  A
“ have, captain, ’ replied 'llom, respectfully, for},
the skipper now stdod‘ in a new light to him. » ;‘
“I thought probably ye’d come, so I sent word
to Hawley that ye’d reﬁort afore the‘ schooner.‘
hauled out from the doc ."  '
The captain turned away and continued on up .
the street. Tom‘ watched im and saw him tor’;
in through the gate of his own home. '
“I guess he’s' brought the ~mortgage,”
the boy, continuing on toward the wharf.

 
  
   
      
       
  
      
     
  

‘E

thqnaht

  

The schooner Polly Ann lay al do _ _
ter’s Wharf, andwhen Tom ste on her
he asked for)!-Iavuley, who"ac ‘ in the

of a mate. - « V g ._
‘r‘_You’ll and him i'or'ard in the £ok’s’l;"—
t. the  

 
    

  

  

  

Accordingly Tom walked forward, and, coming
',to a scuttleopening, descended a short flight of
steps and found himself in the smack’s forecas-
tle, in.which several of the crew slept, and in
which were also the cook stove and mess table.
. ,- Back of it were the pantry and storeroom, in
’ which were ten fresh-water tanks. Still further

v ' aft was the hold, divided into pens by partitions
‘ of rough boards. These were now ﬁlled with ice,
but later would be used. for ﬁsh. Abaft the hold
was the cabin, in which Captain Kedge, Buck

' Hawley and four of the crew found sleeping
quarters. It was neatly finished in ash, and run-
ning along three sides of it ’was a broad transom

- that served as a seat. The only furniture was a
small coal stove, securely fastened in the middle
of the floor.

On the walls hung a clock, a barometer and a
thermometer, while a few charts were stowed

. overhead in a rack. When Tom Whitney ‘stepped

' below, Buck Hawley, who was helping Jed Par-
sons, the cook, or “doctor,” as the crew called
him, ﬁx one of the feet of the stove, which had
worked loose, uttered a volley of oaths and sprang

; to his feet. Jed had accidentally_ lost his grip
 the stove and it had severely bruised the mate 3

7‘ﬁngers. A smothered laugh drew Tom's attention

'_ in another direction, and there, greatly to his sur-
prise and disgust, he saw D_ave Hawley seated

on one of the bunks, watching thﬂ P1‘°¢39dU185
with nolittle interest. Tom had seen the mate
In several occasions before, but he never looked

1' quite so burly and savage-looking as he did now.

= standing in the dimly lighted forecastle, _caress-

ing his injured digits. At that moment his gaze

rested on Tom. ,

“Well, what do you want?" he snapped out, his
nu-1 . eyes taking in the boy.from hand to foot.

‘ “ aptain Kedge told me to report to you," be-

gan the lad. '

1 “So you're Tom Whitney, are you?" growled
the mate. “You're the chap that's sneaked into

the berth my boy Dave ought to have._” _

“What do you mean?” asked Tom, in sur rise.

- Before Buck Hawley could _open his mouth

 again, his son, livid with rage, Jumped from his

mat on the bunk and came forward.

r “Blast your eyes, Tom Whitney," he roared fur-
iously, shaking his ﬁst in Tom's face, “whatndo

you mean by gettin’ me out of the Polly Ann?‘

. “I wasn't awa_re that you had any connectlon
with the schooner,” replied T0!!!» C9011?-_ _
-“You kn6w’d I meant to go out this trip in Ned

Brown's place, and you went and done me out of

. the job." _

~ “I didn't know anythin about it,” replied Tom.

 .“I heard this morning t at Brown had ’throWn
fup his berth and I called at Captain Kedge 5 house

and asked him to give me the place. That s all

there is to it.” _ _

“I's’pose you expect me to b’lieve that?” snarled

 
 
 

  

 

 
 
    
  
    
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
     
       
       
    
      
   
     
  

  

T",-“‘I'e'don’t care whether on believe it or not,”

‘Ztapiied Tom, independent y. ‘ _ rd

" Dare uttered'a howl of anger and made a su —

’ lungs at. Whitney's head. Tom ducked and
. to avoid another blow. '_

‘ Zhim, ,Duv-gl” cried his father, with an
,, We no.»one to ‘sin? .Y°|1-” ,

 gldeié I‘1_I,vley:s remark, and he

,_.

  

 

’ \ A LUCKY CHANCE

“Confound your hide!” shouted Dave, teaﬁnr;
01? his jacket. “I said I'd lick ou, and I’:-~
to do it. I've got you where want you -.

Tom made no reply, but watched his bi adver-
sary_ narrowly. Our hero was not the east bit
afraid of the mate's son, although the fellow
looked to be twice as strong as himself. Tom had
taken a course of lessons in the art of self-de-
fense from an ex-prizeﬂghter, and consequently
was something of an expert with his fists. Then,
what he lacked in strength he more than made up‘
in quickness, for he was as agile as a cat on his
feet. Unless Dave succeeded in closing with him
he had no fear of the result, for he knew that his,
opponent was an unskillful slugger and slow as
molasses. Breathing threats of what he was,
ing to do to Tom, the mate’s son, encouragedﬁ:
the other’s first drawback, began business by
smashing at Tom's face.

At least that was his intention. but it failed
because the boy ducked in the nick of time, and,
taking advantage of Dave's unprotected face,
handed him out anuppercut that landed on his
enemy's jaw with force enough to set his teeth
rattling like a castanet. For a moment Dave was
staggered with surprise, and Tom might have fol-
lowed up his attack with advantage, but disdained
to do so. The fellow roared with rage the mo-
ment he recovered and rushed at Tom with blood
in his eyes, only to receive a clout in the mouth
that brought him up standing with his arms
swinging in the air. Tom's successful resistance
only served to make Dave more furious. He
made another rush at our hero, fully‘ resolved to
annihilate him on the spot.

Tom side-stepped and smashed him twice in
rapid succession in the right eye. Buck Hawley
looked on in amazement. He had supposed his
son able to do u the new member of e crew in _
short order, an now the boot seemed to be on
the other leg. He was so an that he made a
pass at Tom himself. His pon erous ﬁat glanced
off the lad’: head and struck the stove .a whack
that jarred it out of position. The iron out his
knuckles to the bone, and he swore like a trooper.
Tom, thoroughly angry at the blow he had re-
ceived from the mate, and aroused by a whack in
the chest he got from his antagonist, began to
mix things up in earnest with Dave. It was
whack, biﬂ, smash, every stroke counting on
young Hawley’s face.

He tried to ward the jolts off, but they seemed
to come from every quarter, until he was fairly
dazed by-the shower of blo\vs. With a howl of
pain and fury he bent down his head and butted
at Tom like a wild bull. In his blind rage he mis-
took the stove for his 0 ponent and struck it
with such force as to demolish it completely. Then
he pitched forward on the forecastle deck and
lay there, half-stunned. Buck Hawley, seeing his
son practically knocked out, uttered another
string of oaths and started for Tom_to wreak
vengeance on him. The boy jumped lightly _out
of the ‘.\'1iy and darted 1133 91'? 33698 t’) til? (“Ck-
The mate in attempting to follow him got tangled’
up in the wreck of the cook-stove and went down»
on :-;ll‘fours. His remarks for the next niindte

were so expressive that Jed Parsons got out 01, V».

the forecastle himself as soon as he could. He
found Tom “stat! .

er

in the sun, rubbing his" f
bruised knuckleswi __ handkerchief, « ,_ '

 

. .11»;

    
   

  

‘.1

. fashion: but that don't

 Ifrofna as any

it 1" “

 

4_ j" ,‘-«'.=.§:r-v:-r¥,v-v'*“-- .;'i - r
...,,*,,¢.. I

I A LUCKY

“Better keep out of sight, my lad,” the cook
said warningly, “until Buck gets over his tan-
trums, or he'll make mincemeat of you."

The words were hardly out of his mouth before
the mate came tearing up the forecastle steps.
His face was livid with. rage. He stood for a
moment blinking in the face of the declining sun,
trying to locate the boy; At length he spied

him, just as the lad started to go aft. The furious '

mate made a rush for Tom and the boy ﬂed.
Unluckily his foot caught a piece of rope, trin-
ping him, and he fell heayilv to the deck. A yell
zilfnexbigtation escaped Hawlev as he pounced upon

yf

O

 

I
CHAPTER V.—The Iron Hand of Captain K/edge.

‘I've rot you, you cantankerous little monkey!”
he roared violently. “You'll steal my boy’s berth,
eh‘! And you’ll try to escape the thrashin" he
owes you, will you‘! I'm goin’ to mop the deck
with you and then toss you and your dunnage
onto the dock." _-

Buck I-lawley was fully able to carry out his
throat. He was a violent and unreasonable man
when amused, and the only person who could
control him aboard the schooner was Captain
Kedge himself. Fortunately for Tom, the skipper
e on board at that moment.

. " ello!" he exclaimed, with a frown. “What
doel this_ mean? What are ye dam‘ to the lad,
Hawley? Let him up, d’ye hear?”

The mate recognized the Captain’s voice, and he
reluctantly released the boy.

“What wrong 'tween you two ?" demanded
Captain Kedge, as Hawley and Tom got on their

ﬁe’: taken my boy’s place aboard this schoon-
er," rhlied the mate, sullenly. _

“Who says he has?” from the skipper.

“I say so." answered Hawlev.

“Then ye say what isn't true. d’ye understand 1”‘

“I asked you to give my boy a chance in
Brown's place." _

- “I know you did.” _

“And you'd have done it only for this young
puppy." , _ .

“Ye seem to know all about it, Buck Hawley.”
said Captain ‘Kedge. sarcastically.
" “I reckon you'd have done that much for me.
aeein’ ,l’m your mate, and have been so these three
years.

‘Mate’, are ye? Well. p’raps ye are, after a
give ye the privilege of

’ mo:-e'n is your due. If I wanted your

"1 ' eon aboard the Polly I'd have spoken to ye about
» him. But I don't want him. He's no 300d 101‘
_ ‘my business. nor never will be

“Why isn't he?” snorted1gB.W1€Y- “Isn't he nu
ma boar -

Cuwhm Kedze ‘grinned sardonically. _
,_ ouldn't he make two of that young whip-
you‘ve hired in Brown’s place? Would

,, , you here, Buck Hayley,” said the skip-
'§»a way. “I’ve,taken morevback
 overthismatter than I'd stand

, .

 

 

 

CHANCE

 

if y_e ain’t satisﬁed, Hawley. ye kin take your’

traps and go ashore this minute. I want ye to
understand that Tom Whitney sails in this craft
as ord’nary seaman in place of Ned Brown. What
I say I generally mean. Now go for’ard and
attend to your duty, and don’t let me hear another
whisper out of ye on the subject.”

“It’s easy to see why you’ve taken a fancy to
that monkey,” snarled Hawley. forgetful in his
disappointment and anger of the unwiseness of
his remark. “You’ve got your eye cocked on hil
mother.” _

Smash! Quick as a ﬂash of lightning Captain
Kedge raised his hairy ﬁst and smote his mate
to the deck. Tom was astonished at the swift-
ness and completeness of that blow. It was as if
a sledgehammer had come in contact with Haw-
ley’s head. He lav for several moments like a
dazed man, while the skipper stood over him
with a look on his face that was terrible in its
wrath. Then the mate picked himself up. and
without another word staggeredtcfward the fore-
castle. Captain Kedge swung around and faced
the boy.

“There’s a lesson for ye, Tom Whitney," he
said meaningly. “I am cap’n of this schooner.
Do your duty and ye are safe. But if I ketch
ye trin’ to shirk your fare share of work, by
the Lord Harry ye'll hear from me in a way
ye won’t like.”

With those words Captain Kedge turned on
his heel and went down into his cabin. _

“If you are wise, vounw man, you’ll take the
hint,” said Gideon Bates in Tom's ear.

“As far as doing my duty right up to the
handle is concerned he shall have no fault to ﬁnd
with me,” replied the boy. _

“Then you’ll get along all right. The skipper

is the roughest man in Glo’ster, but he's’ square . 

as_a die_to those that do the right thing. I've
sailed with him three seasons, and I ain't got a
kick comin’. I’ve caught it hot once or twice,

'1
l
1
4
. l

 

but I'll allow I deserved it. He ain't infallible, but

generally he's right. If you catch a clout al -
side the jaw some day or nizht. kind of :3-

den-like, when you're standin’ your trick at 
wheel,‘ you may know that you’ve allowed your‘.
attention to wanderland the hookeris a bit of

her course. He may be below, but he know:

as

the moment you're not steerin’ true. Then the -‘

first thing you know he's alongside of you.

talks oftener with his hand than his mouth. so ; A
if you ‘-know what's good for, you you’ll take the . ~

hint I’m giving you.”

“I'm much obliged to you for putting  wise. " I

to the siatuation, and I'll keep my weather eye
lifting when I'm on duty.” said Tom.
you k_ii_ow my name is Tom Whitney.

“I suppose  

ours . . .
“Gideon Bates, called Gid for short. That was f . ,

Jed Parsons, the doctor, who warned you against
Hawley when you came out of the fok’s'L The
other chaps will introduce themselves when

run athwart you.

He’: not it in for youand will watch his
togethackatyou. Glvehimawideberth‘
ever you can.‘ ,.

“Iwi1l.thdux'h
[.0 .

You'll find them all right.“ I'p
warn you, however, to steer clear of the main» "

    

  

’  " you in the dark. The sldpper won't stand for any
 crooked work, but he can't be expected to see
7 ‘ everything that might happen aboard. Here comes

that chap’s son. Looks as if he’d been wrastlin'

with a wild bull. Did you and he have a run-in
below?”

~.“Yes, and I would have p.olished him off if the

ve hadn’t taken the job out of my hands.”

_ “You must be a right good one with your ﬁsts
* ifzyou can whip him," said Gid, admiringly, as

, Dave stepped sullenly onto the wharf and walked

» T. away. '

. " ‘He has nothing but brute strength, and is

' dead slow, while I have science and speed, and
‘ that counts every time." _

“I guess it does. I've seen bigger chaps than
him knocked out by small men. Here comes the
tug to take us down to our anchorage." ._

Captain Kedge '-appeared on deck /as the tug
came alongside and made fast to the schooner's
bows. The small hawsers holding the Polly Ann
to the wharf were cast oﬁ and she was towed
well down the bay, where ‘she dropped anchor
- on the outside of a small ﬂeet of ﬁshing craft
1 - waiting for a favorable wind and the next ﬂood

' to carry them over the bar,’ Soon after coming

' to anchor the skipper called all hands..aft to draw

for bunks. The bunks had numbers chalked on

i them, and now the captain held in his hand as

‘ many small sticks as there were men in the_crew.

stick had notches cut in it corresponding to

" e numbers of the bunks, and one by one the

'_ crew stepped up and drew from Captain’s Kedge’s

hand. ’

 

 

 

. In this way the sleeping auarters were dis-
tributed with perfect fairness, and there was
no chance for grumbling. Tom was lucky enough
to draw one of the wide bunks in the cabin, and
at once hastened to stow his possessions in it.

Supper was then announced. After the skipper
T was seated the crew made a rush for seats._ Only
half of them could be accommodated. Owms '00
the limited size of the forecastle, and those who
_secu'red seats were entitled to first table during
‘the trip. The others had to be contented to eat
asecond table. Tom, not being posted. was among
‘those who came in for the second table.
 supper an anchor watch was set. and all hands

am pretty much as they pleased until they turned
' in. ‘Tom took advantage of this interval to make
; . acquaintance of his shipmates. They were a

  
   
  
   
    
    
    
   
 
 
 
 

- perieneed in the work the boy had to learn. though
A’ as far ‘as seamanship went he felt conﬁdent he
 was their equal. The tide turned at two in the
. morning, but as a, comparative calm rested on
the bay no eﬁort was made on the part of. the
' ﬁshing ﬂeet to get under way.

 

, 3 TA breeze sprang up at sunrise. WM911 fresh-
‘cued steadily as the hours went by; The tide would

f  about one o'clock. and ‘as soon’ as dinner
‘ﬁns «We: all hands got busy“, under the sk1pper's

5-D; have a spanking lneeae to ‘get under way

After i

y, good-natured lot of chaps, thoroughly ex-_

 eyes, getting things shipshape for the.

  

A LUCKY CHANCE , 7

with.” said Tom, as he paused a moment or two
beside Gid Bates to haul on a rope.

“Breeze!” was the reply. “It'll behalf a gale
afore you’re an hour older.”

At last came the order to man the windlass.
and half the crew ran to obey the order.

“Haul taut the main throat halliards!” roared
Captain Kedge. “Give the peak a good pull, ye
lubbers! Here. you. Tom Whitney. are ‘ye goin’
to sleep over that jib ? Heave away at that wind-
lass, there. Hoist away on that fores'l. Lively,
now. Are ye goin' to let the Jerusha Peasley get
away ahead of us? You, Whitney, get to that
jib shet. Do ye want to have the schooner in
irons ? That forepeak’s saggin’. Give her a good
haul, Bates. Lend him a hand there Hawley.
Now she goes.”

The anchor left the sandy bottom with a jerk,
and the Polly Ann fell oil’ as Tom held the clew

of the jib well over—to star—board. while the men-

on the windlass worked away for all they were
worth. The schoonei-’s head swept around, and
the foresail ﬁlled with a bang as Gid Bates check-
ed with the sheet. while Captain Kedge put the
wheel up and yelled;

“Stand by the main sheet, you Bradlev. Do
you want to spring the main boom before you
get under way?”

Tom Whitney had a stirring time of it while
the schooner was getting 06, as he _had never
had to hustle quite as much before in his life. He
was equal to the emergency, however, and ac-
quitted himself well. It was fortunate for him
he did so, for the skipper’s eagle eye was on
almost every move he made, and any miss on his
part would have brought down on him a‘ round
of stinging sarcasm from the captain’s lips, and
probablv a blow from Hawley. All sails filled to-
gether, and the Polly Ann heeled over under the
Dlplng wmd as she pointed her long, delicate nose
seaward and led the ﬁshing ﬂeet acrossthe bar.
Once outside the cape the crew were all kept busy
for a couple of hours setting light sails, coiling
lines, and stowinrr odds and ends, and making
everything snug. The sea was short and choppy,
the stiff gale blowing the spray in clouds over
the vessel as she dashed through it.

“The Polly Ann is a livelv boat." remarked Gid
Bates to Tom,‘as the two stood well forward
attending to some job assigned to them. ~“She's
given tough races to more than one fancy yacht,

while as a sea-boat in heavy weather she can go _

where not one vacht in a hundred dare go.”
“She's carrying a mighty biz spread of canvas?’
replied the boy. “The skipper has set all the jibs
and both Raff tons’!-W One would think we were
engaged in a race." .
“That's what we are. my lad,” nodded Bates.

“The skipper is bound to be first on the macker~—

el ground this trip. Almost any other ﬁshing
vessel but a mackereler goin’ out at this season
would have left both topmast and her jibboon

home; but every minute» gained to the early.

mackerel-catcher may..mean many extra. dollars
in pocket, so that's why we're sailin' in racing
rim. - ' —

Mackerel is a fish that is caught in large num-
bers otf the Atlantic coast of the United States
every year, but there are few ﬁsh about which
so little is known. Where they come fro and
where they so are still unsolved mysteriesfgvcry

  

  

  

A LUCKY

year about the middle of March they appear in

great numbers just north of Cape Hatteras. They
v are very thin at this time, and hardly fit for
 food; but soon after they strike the feeding
. grounds of the coast they begin to improve, until
early in June, when they have worked their way
as far north as New "England waters, they are
in good condition. They run as far north as the
Gulf of St. Lawrence, from which, in the fall,
they suddenly disappear, and are seen no more
till the following spring.

I All through the summer, but especially at the
first of the season. those that are caught near
a port are packed in ice and carried into the
market fresh. The greater part of the year’s
catch, however, is salted in barrels on board the
schooners, and afterward repacked on shore in
kits and boxes and sent all over the world.

“All hands aft to thumb the hat,” roared Cap-
tain Ked e at this point.

“Thum ing the hat" is a method of choosing
watches by Lot, in vogue among the ﬁshing ves-

Jed Parsons left his dishes and proceeded to
the wheel, as a man who was free from watch
duty. The crew of the Polly Ann took hold of

. an old straw hat, standing in a circle, with their
$1 thumbs on the rim. Captain Kedge turned his
I‘ back. saying:
-“Six is the number. boys. Ready."
-‘ Then he reached out his hand backward and
 placed his foreﬁnger on one of the thumbs at
' .» random. .
‘Whose is it 1”
‘Mine, sir," replied Tom Whitney. _
The skipper turned around and counted six of
the thumbs till he came to Gid Bates.
“My watch,’ he said. _
- Then be counted six more, ending at Steve
’ Bradley. A
“Port watch,” he said. _
He continued counting until he had assigned
-"to (each his watch, and ended with the‘ words:
‘Fluid. now, and remember who you are to call."

   
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
    
   
    
  
  
  

self in Buck Hawley’s watch, and he knew he
would have to keep his eyes skinned for touble.
The cruise thus fairly begun was continued for a
couple of days without incident until the Polly
Ann reached the ﬁshing grounds. Then she stood
of and on, under easy, sail, with a man con-
. stantly at theanasthead scanning the surface of
the water in the hope of seeing mackerel. The
' treat seine—boat was got overboard, and, with
‘ c "all the seine in it, was towed behind the schooner,
A ready for instant use. Three other smacks on
the same errand as the Polly Ann came upon the
‘in turn and held a relative distance one
the other. Thus three tedious days passed
,. mwaitwithout results, and then the barometer in-
dicated a. change for the worse in the weather.
,",W,e’re goingyto have a dirty night, I guess,”
_ Steve Bradley_to Tom Whitney. when
,  on, watch at eight o'clock. _
,   we are." repliedsthe boy with a glance
 black sky overhead. '
 is where wecatch a bit of the rough
,ot the mackerel business the other,
’ the hhoonefs

   

9!
rliiintouie black

. Tom, much to his disappointment, found him- _

   

CHANCE

ominously through the smack’s rigginvs, while
the Polly Ann, under a solitary reefed jib, scudded
over the seas. The lights of the other crafts
could be seen bobbing in the near distance. Tom
thought that this was an occasion when it was
ever so much nicer to be warm and snug ashore.
He wondered what his mother and sister wer
doing at that moment in far-away Glouceste . -
And then he got to thinking about Amy Wilson
and asking himself if she thought as much of
him as he did of her. Bradley walked away to
the forecastle to light his pipe. leaving the boy
alone. Then it was a dark ﬁgure stole toward
him in the gloom. The man, whoever he was,
bent low, and kept well in the shadow of the
schooner’s bulwark, as though desirous of es-
caping observation. He crept nearer and nearer
to the preoccupied boy. his horny ﬁngers open-
ing and shutting with convulsive eagerness. What
could be his object? The closer he drew to Tom‘
the slower and more guarded became his move-
ments. At last he crouched behind the lag.
Turning his big head from one side to the oth ,
he looked forward, then aft, and then behind. At
the moment there was nobody near. Then with
a cat-like spring he was on the boy. Throwing
one powerful arm around Tom’s neck, he bent
his neck backward in a vise-like hug that cut
the lad’s startled cry short. With the other arm
he grasped Tom’s legs and lifted them over the
rail until they dangled above the foaming wate
slipping past -the vessel’s side. "
“I've got you where I want you, Tom Whitney,‘

hissed the voice of Buck Hawley in his ear.
“You've got less than a minute to live, blame you
for a meddlesome young monkey! Only for yo ;.
my boy would have been aboard this schooner Hi: "'*
earnin' a good livin’. You took the bread out of '
his mouth; now I'll take the breath out of yours.

I swore to get square with you, and now I'm
keenin’ my word. How d’ye like the prospects?‘
You’ll soon be food for the fishes.”

The scoundrel seemed loath to let go his hold.

It was such satisfaction to play on his ' ‘s
nerves. He wanted to extract every ounce of
gratiﬁcation there was,in the tragedy. Suddenly

he heard the sound of the footsteps of one of the.
watch. It was Bradley returning. He could no, 
longer dally, so with a sibilant laugh he released "
his grip and Tom fell with a splash into the sea.

,_...

CHAPTER VII.-—CatchinR 8 Load pf Mackerel.

In the instant that Tom was passing through ~
the airit seemedtohim as.ifallthepasteventa..m
of his young life ﬂashed across his mental  ’ ;,
Then ‘he struck the water and went down. But 
not far. Something had grinned him by tilt .-
arm, and he felt himself dragged along through . 5
the waves as he rose to the surface. Slaw 7._.»s
his head and taking a lpnvv breath, he saw iii:
he was sailing along close to the schooner-’s oou.n-  
tel‘. keeping; Dace with her. Then he realised that
a rope trailing alongside had caught and twietdl “
itself around his left arm, that he’ was
dragged at the end of it a big ﬁslfat
and of a ﬁsh line. I I

.Instantl ii;  the; was.
h-retgcavdiddrograi-‘i’§h7d~,mi?'.° ﬁe‘  

-‘ca

      

 
     
    

  
   
  
 

  

ﬁe

  

 
     

 
 

   

   

1:” Hisposition was one of great peril in the tur-
-' bulent water. He had to throw himself on his
back to avoid being suﬂlcated b" the rush of
 the waves. At leggth, summoning all of his
energies, he shou . “Help! Help!" Cantu
1 Kedge had just come on deck and was standing
 beside the helmsman. . His sharp ears distin-
.— ‘ guished the hail, and he walked quickly to the
rail and stood in aﬁlistening attitude.
“Help!” cried Tom. r

. The cry came from only_a few feet away, it
1 ' seemed to the skipper, and in some astonishment
_ he bent over the rail and stared down into the

water. He could see nothing at iirst; then a wave
.; broke close to the schooner’s side and for a mo-
." ment. Tom's face and arms were outlined in the
froth. Captain' Kedge did not recognize him, but
he saw that some poor fellow was overboard and
dragging alongside. With a hoarse command to
throw the schooner up in the wind, he ran forward
with his rough hand on the bulwark to ﬁnd where
the rope hung over the rail. By the time he
had found it the Polly Ann had lost her way
to a great extent and was bobbing up to the seas.
4 “Here, you Broadeye," he roared to the nearest
member of the watch, “lend a hand, will ye?
' I There's a man overboard. and he's caught at the

- end4of this line."

The skipper and Bradley exerted themselves to
the limit, hauling the line in hand over hand, and
they soon landed the dripping and half-uncon-
Icious boy on the deck.

, “Tom Whitney, by, the Lord Harry!’ gasped
 "Captain Kedge, as Jan Olsen, a Swede, ﬂashed
ea lantern ‘in the lad's face.

 Tom gas and kicked out like a dying ﬁsh;
 ’ then he suddenly sat up.

‘Where am I?" he asked.

“Where you ought to be—on board the schoon-
er. How did ye get overboard '.”’ ‘

“Don't ask me,” cried the lad, with a shudder.

“Don't ask ye‘! Ye didn't trv to commit sui-
cide, did ye ?" »
, ‘No, no, no!”
.‘ .' “Then how came ye to get into the water. with
  thisrope wound around your arm?"

“I was thrown over.”

“Thrown over‘! Are vou mad ?”

‘No, I'm not, though it’s 5 wonder I am not,
after my terrible experience.” _ _

“Ye mean ye fell over, don't ye?" said the skip-

‘: “No, I didn’t fall.

~nade to murder me." _
.' . “Murder ye!” exclaimed the startled cantain.
‘Who would want to do that?"

 “Who?” cried the boy. “Your mate—Buck
T.’ Hawley." _

. , ,"lt’s a’lle! An infernal lie!" cried Hawley,
' coming forward, his white, set face showing
y in the light of the lantern.

“It isn't a lie,” replied Tom. “You came upon
unaware from behind. caught me a strangle
« -‘held around the neck with one arm and lifted me
gqver the rail with the other. Then you told me
-I -hadgonly half a minute to live—-that you had
 to get square with me for doing your son

f a job aboard this schooner. After that
’ me drop, and if it hadn't been for the rope
overboard it would be all over with me

A, gm
#4

 
  
     

A ‘deliberate attempt was

     

time."

A LUCKY CHANCE

   
    

“I tell you that you lie. You're tryin' to ruin
me."

Deny the attempted crime as he might. there
was the brand of guilt in his face and eyes. and
Captain Kedge was a quick observer.

“Go into the cabin and change vour duds," said
the skipper to Tom.

Then he waved the rest of the watch back. What
he said to Hawlev when they were by themselves
no one ever knew, but his gestures were sig-
niﬁcant. When he had ﬁnished and walked aft
again the mate slunk away like a man who had
received a blow. Tom had received such a shock
that he held himself well aloof from the schoone’s
bulwarks for the remainder of the watch, lest
the villain might try to repeat his trick. and
with more success. The night was very “dirty,”
as Bradley had intimated it would be. It blew
heavily, and the gale, shifting from one point to
another, kicked up a nasty cross sea, in which the
Polly Ann pitched about most unpleasantly. All
the smacks were blown away from the ﬁshing
ground, and they did not return till the weather
had moderated again. It was the morning of
the ninth day after the departure of the schooner
from Gloucester, when the sun was shimmering
the surface of the ocean. that the welcome cry of
“There” they school; half a mile oﬂ' weather bow!’
came from the lookout man at the masthead.

' In less than ﬁve minutes after the first announc-

ing the appearance of the eagerly expected ﬁsh
the great thirty-foot, double-ended seine-boat,
rowed by eight men, of whom Tom was one,
had left the schooner and started in the direction
of the ﬁsh. _

The boat from the Polly Ann was the first to
reach the school of mackerel, and by the time
the ﬁsh were surrounded and the seine drawn the
Polly Ann had a ﬁne catch and the barrels on deck
were well filled. The captain decided he would
head for Boston and sell his load, which was fol-
lowed out.

 

J

CHAPTER VIII.-Tom Finds Himself in a
Strange Situation.

Captain Kedge disposed of the Polly Ann's
catch for something like twenty-eight hundred
dollars, and, after expenses had been deducted
and'the net sum divided up. Tom found himself
in possession of sixty-one dollars, exactly half
of what the regular hands received. He hastened
to mail the greater part of this to his mother in
aregistered letter which informed her that the
schooner would sail direct .form Boston on her
next tT1D‘in a day or two. and consequently he
would not be able to get home yet a while. That
afternoon the smack hauled alongside a wharf
to take aboard the necessary ice for her next visit
to the mackerel grounds. The hawsers had hardly
been made fast before Tom.'much to his surprise,
saw. Dave I-lawley saunter down the dock with
a cigarette in_ his .mouth. He walked aboard
and was soon in conversation with his father on
the forecastle deck. Tom caught them 1 '
in his direction once or twice, and he wondered"
if they were talking about him. Dave stayed

rd until supper was announced

  

‘ .

  

w ed ashore. That night Gid'Bates. Steve Brad-'

uad Gin‘ .‘r‘ M

  
  

e A LUCKY

hay and Jan Olsen invited Tom to go to the
. theater with them. They left the schooner short-

" ly after seven o'clock. Dassing Buck Hawley, who

was lounging near the gangway, smokxn2- .
The. mate favored Tom with a half-sarcastic,

-‘half-vindictive look, that seemed to mean a whole

" lot in its way. but the boy pretended not to
notice it.- The show was over at eleven and the

_four started back‘ for the wharf. They went

into two or three saloons on the _way, much to
' Tom’s annoyance, for’ he entertained a strong

prejudice against these resorts. He couldn’t very
’ well refuse to accompany his companions in, but,
of course, could not be induced to drink anything
stronger than ginger ale. As they drew near
the "docks the streets became more lonesome and

‘less "brightly illuminated. As they turned the
« corner of a big, silent warehouse they were sud-

denly set upon with a rush by half a dozen men

of the roughest class. Two others———a heavy—set
man and a big boy—remained in the background‘
andwatched the ﬁght. The party of four was
at once broken up, heavy blows exchanged, and
before he hardly realized the situation, Tom

 , found himself separated from the pthers and
' Itruggllng with three toughs.

- Although taken by surprise. the boy put up a
good ﬁght until he received a tremendous blow
on the back of his head which truck him to the

" d unconscious. His companions were too
‘defending themselves to notice what had
been done to Tom; besides, the fight was taking
jnlaee in almost total darkness. ‘Suddenly the
warehouse watchman got on to the racket and
.. _. blew his whistle for a policeman. The fight
" ceased u if by magic. the three ruflians who had
_ been attacking Bates, Bradley and Olsen, and
 forcing them around the corner of the warehouse,

" £1-owing of. slowly at first,_but at last taking
to their heels. V '

‘Where’: Tom .Whitney'.”’ asked Gid. when the
three mo!) ~l'Ia_d recovered" themselve_s and looked
am for their young companion.

=" T in me.” replied Bradley. “I thought we
were all tocether."

‘ W “No. He must have got separated from us at
A.  the beginning of the scrap.” ’

A

sway: but I don't see him.” ,
 “Maybe he ran for the schooner at the first
correct, . suggested Olsen. . ‘,
_, "No.2 ‘replied Bates; “I don’t believe he did.
He isn't that kind of a cha'P-" ,
“Then where the "deuce is he?" said Bradley.
‘ilierefcomes a cop.” Bates said. " ~
Tlae policeman hurrying up. demanded who
Qwera and. what was the trouble. .
'ibe}ong*to the fishing schooner Polly Ann.
~ alongside, 1lalcy's Wharf,” ‘volunteered
ﬁnes. "Wcl‘thre_e and another chap went to
tonight. ‘As we were returning to our
 at this corner by a gang
and hadgto defend ourselves. Some-
:w from a window of that
 the tanks ilod.,What bothers
’ , a boy, named Tom

    

  

   
 
  
  

 
     
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
  

' ' ‘YSupposin' he did. he ought to be near, any» ,

‘j"E"?~tb¢,ylw.ked¢he

 

CHANCE

been knocked senseless, the conclusion arrived at; .
was that Tom had lit out for the wharf where the .«
Polly Ann lay, so the three men started of for
Haley’s Dock. Tom was not on the wharf wait-
ing for them, neither had the watchman seen any ‘
one in that vicinity for the last hour, except V ’
Buck Hawley, who, he said, had just gone aboard r ‘
the schooner. '’ '
“I don’t see how he could have lost his way,”
said Bates, “for all he had to do was to run
straight down the street.” « .
They hung about the head of the dock for 8 _ ‘
little while, talking to the watchman and wait- '
ing for Tom to show up. It was after midnight ‘
when they ﬁnally turned in. expecting to ﬁnd Tom’; ’ i
in his bunk in the morning. ' -

When Tom Whitney came to -his senses he. _
found himself in a small, low-ceiled and not overi-',, 1
clean room. e was lying fully dressed on the 
outside of a cot. and the morning sun was shining ._
in on his face. He was conscious of a racking 
pain in his head, and could hardly see out of," 
hiseyes.  j‘ '

“Where the dickens am I?” he asked hims¢\ll’=.‘~ "‘
in surprise._“This ain’t the cabin «of the schooner.’ ,.

It certainly wasn't, and he sat up and l ked '5,
around the place in stupid astonishment. Be es ‘= 1’
the bed there was a rickety table and twocbaira "9 a
standing against the wall. and a washstand, with‘ ' V
a bowl and pitcher, near the window. It was 
long time before he ‘could understand how he _._.
got there, but at length his previous night’: -."a'{:v
adventure all came back suddenly. He remem-;:., I
bered the attack made upon himself and his com.-I
panions in the dark by the warehouse: how he had
got separated from the others in the melee, 
ﬁnally. how he had received a stunning‘ blow on“ 
the head that had knocked him silly. _ . “

“I must have been picked up by somebody and '
brought here,” he mused. “I wonder where I‘ '
am, anyway?" ‘ - r 

He got up from the bed, feeling dizzy undi-
decidedly weak on his legs. Looking into the;
pitcher, he saw it was full of water, so he pourodii
some ofdit out into thebasin and bathed his face 7‘.
an iea . - '

_ “That feels good, at any rate.” he murmured. II
he splashed the water on his feverish forehead. ’ 
Seizmg a ragged towel, be dried his faceand .45’
found that his eyesight was now much cleared.
Then he lookedout of the window. Apparently
he was in the third story of an old wooden tﬂllﬂv 
ment in a poor locality, judging from the rcalk ‘
view he caught of several adjacent buildings. ‘ﬁn
could hear the noise of traﬂic from the 
in front, and the tooting of tugs and other steam
craft in the bay. 
“This house can't be-very far from the want.
front, that seems certain,” ' ‘ T
'“I guess I'll go <ifown§tai1ira. thank tile Deople, w
ever ey are, or r aging me ere. and: jag,
make tracks for the schooner.” .
He walked to the door. turned the
was surprised .to ﬁnd it locked.‘ Looking
the keyhole. he saw the k_cy was in’,it.’__
*“Ev1dently.I’1n locked m,and must stay

till’ someone comes to ht,rno;ont., 

  

I‘

 

 

      
      
       

  
    

     
 
  

  
 
 
 

  
    
 
  

  
     
   
 
  
 

  

1~

  

  

A LUCKY CHANCE

head and to avait developments. Whether it was
the pain that dulled his senses, _or sheer weari-
ness, certain it is he presently fell asleep, and
did not hear the key turn and the _door open,
cautiously at first, and afterward to its full ex-
tent. A thick=set, bearded man entered the room,
looked at the boy, and then motioned to_ some one
on the outside to enter. The second visitor was
Dave Hawley. He, too, looked down at Tom
Whitney,’ and grinned maliciously.

7 \ “He's been up," said the man.

is

«

.-A

 

  

2_'~

  

   
 
 

/

“How do you know '.’" asked Dave. _
His companion pointed at the water in the

w .

‘Then he's only asleep now, and may wake

up at any moment. I don't want him to see me,”
said Dave. retreating toﬁhe doorway.

,The man looked keenly around the room and
then followed young Howls)’-

‘We'll go into the next room and talk," he
said,‘ closing the door and locking it.

The snap of the lock awake Tom and he sat
up suddenly. '

“What was that 2"

Everything was as before he fell asleep.

“I've been asleep," he said. “I wonder how
long? I can't have been a great while for the
sun is shining in the same place I noticed it when
washing my face. I'll take another face bath_ and
see if I can't remain awake. _Soinebody is liable

.to come any moment, and if they found me
-asleep they'd go away, no doubt, without awaking
me.”

He soused his face once more, feeling greatly
refreshed, and sat down again to wait. Then
it. was he heard the sound of conversation in
the neighboring room. and one of the voices
neined quite familiar to him.

EIHAPTER IX.—Tom Makes A Break for Liberty.

"So the boy is to be shipped aboard some craft
bound for a foreign port; is that the idea? asked
I foghorn voice.

‘That's it.” replied the person whose tones
seemed familiar to Tom. though he couldn t place
the individual at the moment. ' _ _

‘What did you say his name was? inquired
the foghorn.

“Tom Whitney." ,

Tom sta as though a wasp had ‘stung him,
ind at the same moment the identity of the
speaker occurred to him.

‘Why,’ that's Dave Hawley,’ he breathed.
‘What does all this mean 1'" _

He was not kept long in the dark. for the parti-
tion was thin, and the talkers made no eﬂort to

‘lower their voices. I
. “And where does he hail from ?" asked the man
with the hoarse intonation.

“Glo'ster." 5

“_You say he belongs to the schooner Polly Ann,
now lgng at Haley's Dock?" -
“Th ts right.’

“Then he understands the ropes, I reckon. It
will be safe for me to ship him as an A.’ B. At
ﬂy rate, that's what I'll do. Now what do I
ﬁevfor taking all the risk and trouble of this

job A You've only squared up for the heelers

 out last night."

  

 

11
“Twenty-ﬁve dollars,” replied Dave.
“Twenty-ﬁve marling—spikes!" roared the fog-—

horn voice. “I must have at least twice that.”

“But you'll get a wad for shippin’ him, won't
you ?" protested young Hawley.

“Sure, I'll get somethin’, but nothin' as big as
you think,” replied the man, cautiously. “Rec'lect,
I've got to have help, and musthire a boat to
take him to a vessel in the stream: and there's
the risk of it all. which is considerable. You
can't shanghai a man these days with the same
ease that we used to in days gone by. There's
the cop on this beat to be watched. Then we've
got to steer clear of the harbor police, for they
might ask awkward questions. I ought to have a
hundred bones for this job, but I'm willin' to
shave the price some, as things is quiet and I need
the money:"

“Well, let it go at ﬁfty,” said Dave; “but there
must be no mistake about it. He must be sent
where he won't get back in a hurry.”

“I'll see to that. don't you worry, young man.
I know a bark that's -bound for Leghorn. She
might do, though the crew are mostly Lascars."

“I don't care what they are." retorted Hawley.
“In fact, the worse they are the better dad and
I'll like it." '

' _“You must have it in for the young chap

mighty strong." said the foghorn voice. with a

note of curiosity in it.

“We have. bet your life. He done me out of a
good job this summer, and dad and me are both
sore over that. Besides, I hate him, anyway. He
cut me out of my girl down in Glo’ster. There
are other reasons. too.”

“Well, that ain't none of my business. I'm out
for the dough, and I don't care how I make it, so
long as I keep clear of the p'lice. Have you
got the ﬁfty with you‘! I don't make no move
till I have it in my clothes. I don't b'lieve in
tryin' to collect the price after the job is done.
Most people have short memories when they owe
money. Besides. I don't know nothin' about you,
anyway. So stump up if you want me to go ahead
in this matter."

“I'm ready to pay up, but I want a receipt.”
said Dave. _ '

“What for?" asked his companion, suspiciously.
“Receipts is dangerous. I don't usually give no
such things."

“Dad'll want to see what I've done with his
money.” replied Dave.

“If he_ can't trust your word he ought to have
fetched it himself.”

“Well, here's your money.
that it’s all right." said Dave.

Tom presumed that the gentleman _with the

Count it and see

foghorn voice was counting the cash. for a short .

pause in the conversation ensued.

“Right as a trivet.” said the man at length-
“You can depend on me providing for the young
man in a way that will prevent him'from bother-
ing you for some time to.come."

These remarks being followed by a shuifling
of feet, Tom concluded that the interview was
breaking up. He heard the pair of plotters walk
out into the corridor, ‘close the door of the room
and go downstairs. Finally a door slammed some
where below and silence followed.

“So it seems I was knocked out last night as.

the result of a»put—up job. Buck Hlwky nd hi. .

 

  

  
 
   

»

" rascally son are at the bottom of it all. Their
» 'object°seems to be to get me out of the country
for an indeﬁnite time. Well, forewarned is fore-
.armed, they saw. Now that I am wise to their
purpose, I ought to be able to think up some way
to fool them. The first thing is to get out of
this room. How can I accomplish that?"
Tom went to the window, raised the sash
gsntly and looked out. As he had supposed, there
‘ was a clear fall of three stories to an alley below.
There was a closed window opposite to him across
this space. The panes were opaque with the
, ‘grime of months or years. _ _ ‘
,, ‘If I could reach that window, and it isn't
'1 fastened, I'd have a chance to escape to the
“ street through that building,” Tom thought.
The idea was good, but the question‘was to
reach the window. While he was considering the
,. matter he heard steps coming up the stairs.
 ; Thinking possibly this wm somebody coming to
,visit him, Tom concluded to play ’possum. He
‘ threw himself n the bed, closed his eyes and
 simulated slee . He had not made a mistake, for
1' .’ . the key rattled in the lock, the door was cautious-
“; , ly, opened, and the thickest man with the beard
entered with a battered tray containing. some
food for his prisoner. He placed it upon the table
- . and withdrew as softly as he had entered. As
_" soon as Tom heard his retreating steps on the
‘ stairs he sprang up and looked at the provender.
’ It.» was not as good as he had been getting on
board the schooner, for the mackerel ﬁshermen
lived uncommonly well for sailors, but it was
:3 enough» to tempt an empty and healthy
' stomach like 'l‘om’s. V
‘.‘I «might as well make away with thatstuﬂ,
since it's_intended for me, and I'm as hungry
as. a hunter. It -will give me strength to go
ahud with some plan for escape.”
' jSo"the boy seated himself. in one of the chairs
.liid polished 'oﬂ' the piece of tough steak, the
head and cheap butter. the small boiled potato,
lastly, the cup of muddy-looking and decided-
iy inferior coffee. ‘ I
“T  better now," he breathed.
hi 7 t an unp
 empty one." My head feels better, too.
.'d‘ ‘ something to knov_7_ what time it is.”
- a looked fup:at_the sun and
around eleven o'clock. ’ I
W The adjoining house, however, was only three
“feet away-rthat is, the width of the‘ alley. _
‘Thai he glanced across at the window in the
. opposite building and began to ﬁgure on how he
' could reach it. and whethersor not it was secured
5  inside. The alley was deserted and, so
 jhe could see, there -was not a soul in sight,
‘ hghaxidred-of,.,people were passing and re-
along the street not over sixty feet away.
~ideo'struck..hlm—.;.r He went to the
1 straw mattress, and saw that the
, ;9L‘th‘ree'§1ata,; They -were, six
 we therefore or old easily.-spsn..
uppiled them-out ’ y In _under_ the
nagging thewzndow to its widest
 kill‘ to silt. Then with.

’ r

    

 
    
   
   
    
  

  

  
   

    

    
  

“It?s wonder-

     

  
  

   

E:

‘;‘F

 
  
 
   

   
  

in  medzailbeidxe...
, f'»;z.s—:oats°i‘weuu. . _V W h

heazﬁias

rovement‘-a‘ full stomach makes_

fjudged it to" -be V

. of surprise. With a ‘smothered oath the

= Tom‘ 

 

CHANCE

- \
The result to be achieved. however. he considered '
worth the risk.—_ He made his way across the
chasm, tried the sash of the win(l'ow. and was
overjoyed to ﬁnd that it readily ‘yielded to his
touch. -Looking into the room, he saw that it
was ﬁlled with various kinds of rubbish. He
stepped in, hauled in the three slats, and shut
.down the window.‘ —

“There's be something doing.” he grinned,: ; .
“when the chap in the other house. discovers v
I’ve ﬂown the coop. I hope to be away from 1 ’
the neighborhood before that time." ' '

He tiptoed his wav across the dirtv. ﬂoor. pulled
open a door and walked out into a bare-looking
landing. - ‘ - -_

“This building doesn’t- look as if it,was ten-"
anted,” he said. glancing down the stairway.

‘Still, he proceeded downward with due caution 1
and reached the second-ﬂoor landing. Three‘
doors opened on this. One was ajar, and Tom
peered into the room beyond. There wasn't a
thing in it but a pile of dirt swept into one co'lf,-- ,, ’
ner. - - s‘ "

“The house is an empty one, for a fact,” he
said. with a feeling of relief. * 

Then he continued on down to -the first ﬂoor ' »
his footsteps raising echoes in the silent build- ‘- ,
ing. Striking the main entry, he walked forwardv, 
till he reached a door. It was not locked, and} ,
Tom opened it a little way and looked out. He; 
found theempty building was a rear tenement.,
and that to, reach the street he would haverte"

‘ cross a narrow yard and then pass through 
front house, which showed abundant evidence: 11:’? _.
life. Half a dozen emptyvbeer kegs rolled into:a‘.«:'.
confused heap "near the rear door of the front...
building indicated that the ground floor was used?
as a saloon.  * =

“I ought to have no trouble reaching the‘ street,’
through that place," thought Tom, after a survey"
of the premises. ' ‘o 

Thus encouraged. he opened the door and panes -
ed out into the yard. :A>few steps took him h ,. ;
the back door of the saloon. which he opeuedjnd ‘ ‘
entered. He _found himself in _a gloomy passage; .
with a door to his right: and another d *
ahead. He walked to the latter. whichadmi ' ..
him to the harroom itself. Only about twenty-
five _feet now intervened between the boy and the
street door, where the morning sunshine was piir "
ing on the three wooden steps which led down

‘ from the sidewalk. where all was life and motion.
- Assuming a careless demeanor, Tom started ,,
the door. There was only one customer ‘in. .
place, a thick-set, bearded man, who had’ jut
ﬁnished a whisky and was talking to the pun V
keeper, a villainousdookinz. fellow, whose .5‘
would have been an ornament to any rogues’ -
lerv. _He stood half-facing the hack of the ,’ ‘

,and.h1s eyes mechamcally.feii upon Tom, " 2
as he crossed the ﬂoor.‘ As the boy-cﬁnibr
into the light. the bearded.‘ man re
with a ‘sharp look. which gradually ;.

     

     
  
 

    
 
   
  

     
   

       
 

      
  
   
    
     
 

   
   
  
     
  
  
  
  

   
  
       

  
   
  
   
  
   

 
 
  
  
   
  

left the bar
of the lad.

, f “Your 

   
 

  
 

and planted“ himself /squarely 2:’-
jar ‘Tani  33'. ' A I

 

  

 4."IIow did..you get out of that room in my
house ‘."' demanded the bearded man. y

Instantly Tom realized that he was face to face
with the man of the foghom voice.

 

\

CHAPTER X;—Out oivthe Frying-Pan Into the
' ire.

   

" 3 Taking immediate advantage of'the boy's con-
;_ , , Ifusion, the bearded man seized Tom by the arms
‘ ~ and began to drag him back to the rear of the
, saloon, at thesame time calling on the barkeeper
to help him. That worthy was not slow in coming
to his aid, and Tom found his escape cut oil’.
The boy. howev.er, was not going to give up with-
out a struggle, and, being strong and wiry, he
was not an easy mark to overcome. Had he
been able to use his fists. he undoubtedly would
have given the men an interesting ﬁstic argument,’
but. as the thick-set mafrheld his arms pinned
to his sides, he was placed at such a disadvantage
that ‘the barkeeper easily got a strangle hold on
him. and it was then all up with Tom. He was
urried into one of the private rooms at the back,
gagged and bound. as many other unfortunates
had been served before.
The man with the foghorn voice then held a
consultation with the barkeeper. The result of
"it was that Tom was carried down into the foul-
.—31ne|]_ing cellar. the repository for full whisky,
beer and ale barrels, and dumped into a dark

“H°§'n be safe. enoulrh’ here." Said the bill'-

 

ake sure that Tom's bonds were not

nun to
m “g-low did he get away from

-likely to give way.
'your.place?" _
0 "‘- ‘’ “That's what puzzles me."' replied the 091613 _ “I
" J had him locked in a third-story room overlooking
-~ the alley. Besides. I did not think he had any
icions that be was being detained against 1116
' , ther than the fact that the door was lo&ed.
He must have crossed over into that empty house
behind here in some way. I'm going up to see
how he managed to do it." '
“He can stay here all day, and after dark ['11
help you get him back to your premises.” said
. the barkeeper, as they walked away. ascended the
stairs and replaced the trap-door.

_ “I'm afraid my name is mud now,” thought
_~€.,' ‘ Tom, dismally. in the solitude and darkness of
fé  ' the “They’ve got me dead to—”

_.', C 0

 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
    
 
 

Ir’ --

rf

  

to Tom's amazement. The boy would have an-
awered the hail if ‘it had been in his power to
, ,do so, but the wad of cloth which served as a
"gag prevented him. He did the next best thing
to show that he was alive-—he squirmed around
on the floor and beat his bound feet against the
wall. ,
, “What's the matterfinatey ?” said the voice.
"‘Cui’t you use your mouth - .
 Tom thumped the wall aRam- _ ‘
< _‘If I warn’t triced up myself. life a fowl sent
‘jg market, I'd come over and pull that gag out
at our ".mouth," said the voice. “However. if
hm patience. maybe I'll be able to free
—«- aftega while. and then I'll set you loose,

5

 

A LUCKY CHANCE

‘keeper, holding a bit of candle_ for the bearded_

A cheery voice came out of the gloom close by,_ ‘

_ whisky barrel.

 

13

Then followed sounds that indicated a struggle
on the part of the other prisoners with his fetters.
Tom's momentary discouragement had now given
place to a thrill of hope. He wondered who this
other unfortunate was, and why he was in the
cellar.

“I've got one hand free." spoke up the voice
again. “I'll be rid of the rope in a jiffy now.”

Five minutes elapsed before the man spok:
again, and then there was a ring of satisfaction
in his tones. _ .

“I've got the dern things off at last,” he said.

Then he got up and walked over to where Tom
lay. He put his hand in his pocket. drew out an
match and struck it. Tom looked up and saw a
well-built, good-natureddooking young fellow of
perhaps twenty-one bending over him.

“Well.” laughed the other. “they have got you
tied up to the queen's taste. They meant to
make sure that you wouldn't give ’em the slip.
Now what's your name, and who are you?" he
added, after taking the cloth from Tom's mouth.

“I'm much obliged to you," replied our hero,
Kratefully. “M name is Tom Whitney, and I l_ive
at Glo'ster. at's your name 1"

_“George Field. I hail from Nantucket. I was
discharged from the bark Saranac yesterday
afternoon. and was bound home, when I ran into
a smooth-spoken chap named Chudley. who steer-
ed me into the saloon above for a drink. and the
next thing I remember I found himself tied up
in this hole. I was drugged, and it isn't very
hard for me to see through the game that was
played upon me. They mean‘to ship me
some outward-bound craft and collect the blood-
money. I suppose you're in the same boat.
matey?"

“Yes,” replied Tom. _

“Then you're a sailor. too?"

“I belong_ to the G_lo'ster ﬁshing smack Polly
Ann, which is taking ice aboard at Ha.ley’s Wharf
to-day. The mate of the schooner is dead sore
on me because I got the berth he wanted for
his son. He so put up a job on me, and this is
the result." ,

‘so that's it. eh 2" said Field. who all this time
was loosening the rope that bound Tom's arms
and legs. “Well, I guess you and I ought to be
able to put up a stiflish ﬁght against these shang-
h_aiers. There, now, get up and shake yourself."

Tom did so: then the two companions in mis-
fortune sat down. each'on a beer keg. to consider
the ‘situation and plan their escape from the
cellar. - p

“I don't believe that trap is secured,’ said Field. .
“We might get out that way and then make a L.
sudden rush for the street door through the bar-
room. We’d~be on the sidewalk before any one
thought to stop us, and then we’d‘ be safe enough
for these_rascals, I guess.”

“I'm with you.” replied Tom. “If it comes to
a fist ﬁght I can hold my own.” ’

“All right. We might as well make a break .--'5
at once. We can’t get ‘out of this place any too “:1
soon to suit me." _ '  

At that moment the trap was raised and fell 
back with a bang. and a pair of legs was a ‘ 7’)
descending the steps. Field grabbed Tom by '
arm and drew him back, into the corner behind-‘i.

_ Ashishand slipped ovérthe" " .»
of the umflzht barrelhis linkers came ireo ‘ '

 

  

  
  

 
     

   
 

o

with the 'bung—starter. Be seized it and held it in
his hand, ready for instant action. The intruder
was the barkeeper’s assistant, who had just come
on duty and lmew nothing about the prisoners

in the cellar. -is
He had a candle in one hand and a copper two-
gallon measure in the other. He made his way
;, ' to a barrel that had a spigot in it and proceeded
5' to ﬁll the measure with gin. Tom and his com-
?“ panion watched him from their place of conceal-
ment. Assoonasthemanhad ﬁlled hiscanhe

I blew out the light and left the cellar.
" ,"Now," said Field, after they had waited about
’ five minutes, “let’s make a start.” _
' The speaker led the way. with Tom close _at his
heels, up the steps to the trap. Field cautiously
raised the trap and looked around the little back
room, that was furnished with a plain round table
aicircled with four chairs. There was no one
3-. in it, so he pushed the trap up and stepped out
i into the room. Then he held it for Tom to make
{T his exit from the cellar, after which he let it
fall back into its place without a sound.
‘so far so good,” he said in a-whisper. “Wait
till I take a ‘peep into the barroom.”

There were half a dozen longshoremen lined
up at the bar, who were being waited on by the
Jarkeeper and his assistant. Several other cus-
‘ « tomers sat around a couple of the tables drinking

‘Take a look yourself," said Field, making way
for Tom. ’ y
0 While they were thus engaged a face appeared
-, at the window behind them, which overlooked the
little yard. It was the countenance of the beard-
ed man. What he saw evidently surprised him,
but he was a quick thinker and accustomed to
facing emergencies.- Heran around to the door
of the passage communicating with the bai-room.
At that moment Field said:
_ “Are you ready for a dash, Tom? We’ve got
so clear path to the door and the barkeepers are
both engaged.‘ = .
“I'm ready,’ replied the boy. '
“Then follow close behind me, and we'll be.put-
eide in a ',u1fy.”
They emerged from the litt_le_i-ooyn, and Field
a run for the door, gaining it easily and
springing upon the sidewalk., As Tom started
to follow him the bearded ' _ﬂung open the
‘ passage door and intercep him. The shock
t ,_was.felt by both and they rolled together on the
“‘ ‘door. The bearded man had the advantage of
' ; the situation. as he knew just _what he was doing,
‘ awhile Torn thought the colhsion was purely ac-
Ildental. It only took a moment or two for the
boy to realize that he was‘ being held down by
. I Dlir of powerful arms, and he struggled to get
~ ally. By this time the racket had attracted gen-
In} notice in barroom. and the barkeeper
came around to see what the scrap was about.
“Here. Brannigan,” said the bearded man, “give
a hand. “This is the chap we put 'm the
genes-.. _He managed to get free somehow or an-
.:pynrw<ead~wu just on the of setting clean
 ‘win: I hfkﬂy get onto him and put a spoke

wheel.

 
 

 

  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
      
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
 

   
  
  

'.:’tehe7howhee'vermanagedtoget

, member of the crew were ordered to board ha.

heﬁggered!"  tl'IB.h8l".

 

A LUCKY CHANCE

and probably he got into the cells; and did the
trick. Get another rope. Quick!”

Brannigan got the rope, and in two minutes
Tom knew that the game was all up.

“We can’t put this lad back in the cellar again,’
said the bearded man, after Tom had been se-
curely bound once more. ’

“Then we’ll carry him into the cellar of the
vacant house,” said Brannigan. '

“No,” replied the other. “I’ll take him into my
place. That other fellow who got away will bring
the cops down here, and they'll search both build-
ings. Now, I've got a place in my house where
he'll be as snug as a bug, and not even the
police can find him if they go through my lodg-
ings. I ought to have taken him there in the
first place. But better late than never. Help
me carry him into the yard.”

Between them they bore Tom into the small
yard.

“Wait till I get on the fence, then boost him
up and get back to your work.”

In two minutes the thickset man was dragg
the boy into the rear of his house. He yank
his victim down into the cellar with as little
ceremony as if he was handling a sack of potatoes.
Striking a match. he lighted a lantern that hung
from a nail in a cross-beam.

“Now, my slippery friend,_I think you'll ﬁn!
it-mighty diﬂicult to make a third attempt to »
escape. I had no idea you were quite so lively,
but I have your wings clipped this time.” -

He opened the door of a good-sized closet, bent ~v
down and lifted up the entire ﬂoor, which worked
on hinges, revealing in the lantern light a kind
of ship's ladder. Down this he carried Tom in
his arms and laid him on an old mattress, which '
nearly ﬁlled the nanow, -cell-like enclosure. ,-

“There, my cock-sparrow’, if you can get out ‘
of this place you'll go better than any one ever 
did before. You're right on the level with the . “4

‘riﬁer, and one of the city's-sewers runs alonnide
y r

head. You can amuse yourself listenin' to
the rush of the water. I'll fetch you somethin'
to eat about dark or later. Whether you stay here
a day or a week will depend on circumstances!»

The bearded man took up the lantern. ascended
the latter, closed the trap and was gone, leaviiu
Tom in the dark and a prey to very discouraging
thoughts.

Hours passed and nothing happened to kill the
monotony of his imprisonment. Then came tb .
bearded man with some food, which Tom ate "
ravenously. That was his undoing. for the food ‘ 
was drugged and Tom was soon unconscious.‘ '
When he next came to he was in the foreeestle V
of a vessel. and he realized he had been shang-
haied. He was ordered up on deck and tha'
learned he was one of the crew of the British
bark Wanderer, of Cardiff, Wales.

A few days later the vessel sighted a water-
logged, abandoned vessel. «and Tom and another

 
 

    

  
  
 
  

They did so, but found nothing of interest 
board. While Tom was climbing the  -
am :.:".?.“?"  :.:.t*r.:.:rh...°°n==...~'.,.... -
own airs, - ‘ ‘
table. he rolled over unconscious. ‘ ‘
When heumeto and looked forhie.
and the boot. lwiowid  were 

   
 

      
  

 
    
  

   
 

  

."'~‘

_ realized he was alone on an abandoned hulk. He
’ ‘ then’ began an inspection of the vessel.

CHAPTER XII.-—In Fog and Darkness.

By the time he had ﬁnished his tour of in-
spection night had closed in. and the fog had
grown thicker. if anything. Whether the derelict
was drifting in toward the coast, or further out
to sea. Tom, of course, could form no idea. As a
matter of fact. however, both the fog and the
,. vessel were approaching the iron-bound coast of

- Maine—the former very much faster than the
latter; Tom’s one great fear was that some
steamer or other vessel might run the water-

 

 logged schooner down_ in the darkness and the
~*;_~ fog. in which event his own situationv would be
* most perilous. with the chances in favor of him

losing his life. . _

Fof that reason he did not care to risk going
to sleep in the cabin, but got a mattress from
one of the bunks on deck, with a couple of
.- blankets to roll himself upyin. and then lay down.

e slight rise and fall of the schooner, together
with the wash of the water against her sides, lull-

- '- ed the boys to sleep, and for several hours he

' lay in sweet forgetfulness of his unpleasant situa-
tion. The wind rose a bit after midnight, and,
.. acting on the jib and reefed foresail, propelled the

i ' derelict at about four knots an hour toward the
X coast.

    

As morning approached the wind grew stronger,
musing the schooner ‘to roll sluggishly from side
to side. On one of these occasions the vessel
dipped more than usual, and Tom was sent sliding
and ﬂoundering into the scupper. Naturally he

~ woke up, and for a moment didn't understand just.
' where he was. The schooner then heeled over in
the. other direction, and the boy grabbed a. rope
that his hand came in contact with to save him-
self from slipping down into the opposite scupper.

By the time the derelict righted once more he

got on _his feet. It was as dark as the ace of

spades and.the fog was just as thick as ever.

‘ “There seems to be quite a stiﬂ breeze blow-
’. ing,":he said, as he made his way back to the
i f ‘stamp of the mainmast. against which he had
been sleeping. “It's a wonder it wouldn't break
up this fog. Hello! What's that?"

_ It was a new and most peculiar sound, seem-
 ingly right ahead. Tom clung to a fractured
.  ‘of the broken mast and gazed with bulg-
V " in; eyes out into the thick air, every nerve on the

tingle as his ears listened to that strange, inde-

7 uiribablebellowing sound that was evidently ap-

hing the vessel. As it grew louder and more
met another sound. which his Dl'8¢tiSed 9875
recognized as the surf beating_upon a stretch of
rocks. mingled with it.

_. Then‘ all at once he reasoned out the cause of
 ‘it. The schooner was drifting in 1111011 the M81118
' . :‘¢oast.- which is one of the most. inhospitable in
’ the world. At the‘ bamof many of the high

cliﬁfs, where the ocean surges 59?? °°’m,““811Y.

are deep ﬁssures and sea caverns. into whirh the

.,-. jnén water, changes to yeasty foam. ever churns

‘ [ad rushes day and night, causing strange bellow-

Zﬁt sounds to arise from the expulsion of the

-;_ my imprisoned air. The moment Tom

'_i
-1
J

 

ii 

_ 4:

 

ur“ haw‘ ‘ ,' . ., ‘ . *1» . ._;‘~-‘:,(.V_> > .

A LUCKY CHANCE

 
 

thought of that his fears dropped away from
him and he was himself once more. Then, too,
morning was coming on fast, and the boy felt
that there was nothing in the world quite so
blessed as daylight.

The sun soon rose above the water horizon,

- and as if the fog took this as a signal to disperse

it rose and melted away westward. Right ahead,
w'ithin_perhaps a quarter of a mile, lay a small
green island, almost surrounded with ugly looking
reefs. 'l'he schooner was headed as straight as
a die for a narrow opening between two low cliﬁs.
This channel led right into a kind of almost land-
locked basin. It was a silent and picturesque spot.
and from this basin Tom caught the low moaning
bellow which. when at its height, had so alarmed
him in the dark.

Six or eight miles away, with other islands
between, lay the coast of Maine. From the trend
of the current Tom saw that the derelict would
either pass between the cliffs into the basin or
strike the rocks close by. In any case he felt
lsjtiire of reaching the island without hazarding his

e.

CHAPTER X‘II.—-A Ghastly Discovery.

He descended the companionway to the cabiia
and, grabbing a box of fancy biscuits, as we
as a jar of preserved ginger, with a spoon

to dip the sweet stutf out, he returned to tho '.

deck to eat his breakfast and watch the progress
of the schooner. The derelict glided right on
toward the mouth of the horse-shoe. just as if
some unseen power was drawing her into the
little landlocked haven. Ten minutes more and
she shot between the twin projections, so close
to both as almost to scrape her sides upon the
rocks.-_ The impetus carried her over to the fur-
ther side of the basin, where her broken bowsprit
bumped gently against the irregular wall of rock
Xhich formed a sort of amphitheater all around
er.

Then she ﬂoated off to one side of this placid
retreat and gradually came to a complete rest
under a rocky shelf. upon which Tom at once
sprang with a feeling of great satisfaction. There
he ﬁnished his breakfast, while gazing down into
the basin and aroundrupon the green shrubbery,

that looked resplendent in the morning sunshine. ..

He made one discovery from this point that
made his heart beat with joy. Floating close
to a narrow patch of beach on the opposite arm
of the horseshoe was a staunch-looking rowboat.

That seemed to solve the problem right away of ‘

how he was to reach the main shore.

“Luck is_ beginning to turn my way at last,’
—he said, with a feeling of relief. “I .won't have
to ‘remain on this island a moment longer than

I care to. ‘Thank goodness for that. for a_ few’,

boxes of crackers and a jar of p

18 not exactly what I should care to adopt for a

regular diet. even wliﬂe they held out. There
ought to be some claim: around here. When the
tide goes down I'll hunt for them and have ‘a
decent meaL”

Tom lost no time in walking around the top
of the rocky wall'and then descending to the hit
of white beach in order to secure the boat.
was delighted to
herowedhertotheschooneruidaeeuradhpri

 

 

  
 

find a pair of oarszin her. :33} 

  

  

 

 

1

He went into the cabin, where he took possession
of the revolver, the pouch of money, the sextant.
which he knew he could dispose of for several
dollars, and sundry other articles of value, m-

, eluding a watch. He made a package of every-

_.-

thing but the watch and money, and deposited it
in the boat. '

Then he walked to a high rock on the island,
mounted it, and viewed the distant shore as well
as he could to determine what point he should
make for when he pulled out of the basin in the
rowboat. He could see no houses or other ,evi-
dences of civilization at that distance-nothmg
but a long line of -cliﬂs, with apparent indenta-
tions; but he had great hopes of ﬁnding his way
up some bay or small river to a town or village,
whence he would be able to make his way to the
railroad. He made out one sail in the far dis-

= tance, but whether the craft was heading that way

or not he couldn't tell. By the time he had taken
all the observations he wished the tide was well
on the ebb, and once more he_ heard the bellow-
ing noise rising out of the basin. He thought he

would go and see just what made this sound.

So he returned to the derelict. and, boarding the
small boat, rowed in the direction of the sound.
It came from a point near the patch of beach,
which was now much wider, owing to the receding
of the water. He grounded the boat and looked
around among the weed-covered rocks that a little
while before had been covered with water. Sud-
denly he found himself staring at a dark opening

th an overhanging shelf of rock not two
rods away. ' it down on his hands and knees,
he looked in. It seemed to be the opemng to a
marine cavern. Ho crawled _in a short distance
and came to a pause. The hole, looked larger
inside, and as his eyes grew accustomed to the
gloom he could see that it sloped upward. His
curiosity was excited. and he determined to ex-
plore it further with» a lantern.

When "once he stood upright outside he found

/‘the tide had receded to a considerable extent.

That fact put him in mind of the clams he ex-

to ﬁnd in the mud, so he deferred explor-
ing the cavern until he. had secured the shellﬁsh.
Having dug up as many as he thought he could

' eat, he gathered some dried brushwood and bits

"them. They tasted uncommonly good under the ,

 
 

at wreckage together. made a ﬁre and roasted

circumstances and he did not leave a single one.

u. “ Then he lighted the lantern which. with a box of

matches, he had brought in the boat. and cautious-'
ly made his way over the slippery rocks to the
yawning entrance, now fully exposed, of the sea

, ‘ave. o

. a Not the faintest whisper issued from it now.
._ . stilhiess of death reigned all about the little

‘ The only sound that could be heard any-
jarhere was the rising and falling of the surf on
 rocks, outside. Tom stooped under the arch-
ia of the rock and stepped inside. Flashing the
T . ofethe lantern around. the reflection showed

' line until the door
ht._ For a

they

 
 

‘aligned sharply upward. Carefully on ,
‘ ‘knees, supporting himself by one,

A LUCKY T CHANCE

some doubts about going any further into the
uncanny place. _However, he took a few more V
steps. paused asam. and swung the lantern above
his head. Now he could see the wall of rock
all about, and on the further side and close to
the wall a huge, ﬂat rock, upon which lay a pile

' of something that glittered in the lantern light.

“What's that?” breathed Tom. as he took a
step forward to get a better look at it.

At that moment his eyes, now grown somewhat
accustomed to the semi-darkness. rested on the
floor formation near the flat stone, and he caught
Sight of two zrewsome-looking objects, locked in
a half—embrace, that caused him to give a gasp
of horror. The l_‘001_’.S.0f his hair began to tingle,
as though each individual one was beginning to
rise and‘stiﬁen out. In desperation he held the
lantern forward at arm’s length, and beheld, pros-
trate there beside the rock, two shriveled and
blackened corpses.

.__.,_._

CHAPTER XIII.—Gold! Gold! Gold!
The impulse was strong on Tom to tum from

the ghastly tableau and ﬂy from the cave. and 

he was about to do so, when his eyes fell upon '
a score or more of tarnished pieces of metal re- ‘»'
sembling money that lay upon the ﬂoor. A couple;
of them lay directly at his feet, and instinctively *

he stooped and picked them up. Rubbing them on '. 

his trousers. Tom saw. with a thrill of satisi'ac- ,
tion, that they _were twenty-dollar gold pieces.
Dropping them into his pocket, he advanced an-‘
other step and gathered up several more,
greater par]: of the scattered coins lay under un-
der or behind the corpses, and the boy {eh ‘
natural repugnance to disturbing the ghastly re- ‘
mains. Despite that, however, he hated to leave
the money behind in the cave. As he stood there
undecided, swinging the lantern to and fro, bk
ey_es once more lighted on the little heaps of
glistening metal on the top of the ﬂat stone. '

“Gee whiz!" he breathed, as he raised the 

tern above his head to get a better look, “I believe 5
that's money. too—-heaps of it." '

‘ The very thought of such‘ a thing sent the blood - '

coursing quicker through his veins. And it must

it! Here was wehlth within his reach—pi'obahly
thousands of dollars. Tom drew a long, wistful
breath as he gazed fascinated at the tarnished
money. The desire to possess it overcome his‘

fear and disgust, at the presence of the skeleton‘; 

What will not a person dare to secure a golds
hoard?

“There is money enough there to make motb&.,>
Ruth and I comfortable for life,’ he muueroi. xv“

moistening his lips ‘with the point of his
“Why shouldn’t I take it? Who has a better ”
to it than me?
neglected here all these y
how many.
Dashing forward, Tom thrust his hand into the .,
tarnished He was standing above the shu-

 
 

touched the grlni bones; but be
afraid or concern about

 

The-

 

be all gold—-golden double eagles—just think of 

I have found it after it haalaia 
ears—goodne known
It is clearly inine—-all mine.‘ 4 

 
  

tons now-—so close that his trousers  V

 A LUCKY

How they jingled! And
‘ And ﬂashed in the lantern light when
i). "their heretofore unexposed surfaces turned over
7. and seemed to laugh into his face. Gold!

‘ Aye! Hundreds of pieces,_ with milled edges
 and sharply defined faces. Five, ten and twenty
~dollar pieces-—lai-gely the latter. Where had it
: all come from? Who had accumulated such a
~ quantity of American money? And how had it
;. beenacquired? Honestl:' or-—and Tom glanced
' down at the skeletons. Accidentally he moved
one of his legs forward. It struck the ribs of
I; one of the corpses.
; happened. _
‘T The perfectly shaved skeletons crumbled into
*3 ‘ shapeless dust, leaving only a few shreds of mold)‘
I cloth, a handful or two of coarse hair, and several
' scattered teeth on the ﬂoor in the midst of the
dust to show that the ghastly remains of two men
had ever existed. Tom was paralyzed for a mo-
, rent -at this suddenly collapse of the dead: theti
‘ - drew a breath of relief that they had Vanished
never from his sight. With his boot he i!.in2‘eI'l_V
L‘ ed the dozen-old coins away “Om .C0Y1t3Ct
the dust of the dead men and creeglxlr; poc-
them_ Then he gave his attention once
 are to the piles of coin on the stone. ”
 “How shall Iltake all this money away? he
ked himself. _
jigthought of the empty boxes in the schoon-
gg s~storeroom.
’ “I will get several of the_ smaller ones, ﬁll
hem with the coin, and nail covers on them.
..'Ibat's what I'll do," he said eagerly.
 " Having decided on this course, Tom lost_no
time in putting it into execution._ Before leaving
tﬁcave, however, he ﬁlled every pocket with
" den double eagles and then made his way down
' '«~ declivity to the entrance. He did not notice
$h'at' the tide had turned and was rising once
. Inore—all he thought about was rowing off to the
' and procuring the boxes to hold the for-
" tune in money he had so strangely discovered.
‘Tom found several boxes that were small
" ugh to be easily handled when full of coined
’iiey, and he carried them on deck. It was then
heard that strange bellowing sound again as
the tide surged into the opening to the cavern. He
_'_ 'qiﬁ’t think anything of it then, for the sound
 lost all its terrors for him; but when he
‘rowed to the patch of beach once more he saw
 disappointment that the entrance to the
has rapidly covered by the rising water.
can't get in there for several hours now,’
. said, “mugs; I swam in, ind then I couldn’t
‘gt ouugggin with my of themoney until the
. ﬁde went down once more. I’d rather-_amus_e my-
» calf out here in the open air than be Imprisoned
ﬁstbatjhostly place. There's no hur!'y._n}\YW8Yp
 1 this island is very seldom visited. ‘I
gthighﬁaeeiflcangetafewclalnsbeforethe
water gets too deep."
He managed to dig enough of the shellﬁsh for
mind. and, starting a—ﬁre,zoooked and ate them
K ilwnnoction with“: package of crackers. The
 had already brought out of the
 to nearly one thousand dollars,

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 

 
  
 
   
 
   
  
   
     
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   

 

  

  

  

Instantly a strange thing ..

 

CHANCE 17

a greater or lesser degree. He made a small
package of this lot and placed it in the bow of the
boat. beside the other bundle. -

Then he devoted the larger part of the after-
noon to walking over the island, or sitting on its
most elevated part watching a number of fore-
and-aft craft that passed up and down the coast.
When he returned to the shore of the basin he
found the hole uncovered and the tide rapidly
falling. He waited impatiently for the hole to
widen so that he could wade in. and then, taking
one of the moves under his arm, he returned to
the cave. Everything lool-zed just the same as
when he had been in there before, and, without
wasting a moment in counting the gold coin, ‘he
swept enough of it into the box to ﬁll it, and,
leaving the lantern behind him, made his way
slowly and caiitiously out into the open air again.
In this way he made eight trips in a short period
of time, and the last time biought away the lan-
tern.

“There must be all of fifty thousand or sixty
thousand dollars in three boxes,” he thought, as
he gazed upon them where they lay on the sand.
"What a glorious ﬁnd this has been! I can ﬁnd
it in my heart to forgive Buck I-lawley and his
crafty son for the injury they did me in Boston,
since it has led me to the discovery of this for-
tune. Had I made my escape that morning with
George Field I should in all probability be aboard
the Polly Ann now on the way to a new ﬁshing
ground to face another siege of hard work for a
half share’s recompense. Strange how things
work out in this world.” ' _

He had brought a hammer and nails ashore
with him, and for the next twenty minutes he
employed himself nailing the covers securely on
the eight boxes. Then he stowed them in the
rowboat. By that time it was after sundown, and
Tom decided it would be foolish for him to leave
the island that night. So he dug up more clams,
cooked and ate them with a great relish, for he
was feeling like a bird. After that he rowed the
boat alongside the schooner and took special care
to tie her so there was very little chance of her
ﬂoating away. '

“I call this taking fortune on the wing,” he said
to himself, when he had got a pair of blankets on
deck and lay down to sleep under the star-lit sky.
“It was a lucky chance that carried me to this
island. Mother will now be able to pay oﬂ um
mortgage, and we shall have loads of money in
the  I mean to have a line schooner built
ﬂld K0 Into the coasting trade on my on hook.
No more working _for other people after this.
I'll buy an interest in some good ﬁshing schooner,
1300.  I can the chance, and have other people
W°l‘l<ln2 for. me. If father was only alive now
he could retire from business and live on the fat
of the land fon the rest of his life.‘ I wonder if
Amy Wilson will be glad to hear of my good
luck? One of these days I mean to?‘

The words died drowsily upon his lips, his
closed, and he fell asleep to dream of caves

to the ceiling with golden coins. and every bit of i

it all his own.

CHAPTER XlV.:—'l‘oIn um: Horneehoe Inland.

tide W$A,dmo 

R

  

»

:\,

   

  

rem awoke with the   i’

     

    
         
    
    
  

  
 

      
  

A LUCKY

'arliother mess of clams and made a breakfast of

em; _

“I shall never see a clam after this but it will
put me in mind of this island with its treasure
of golden coin. I’d give something to know who
those two dead men were in their time, and how
that money came to be in the cave. Looks as if
they might have robbed a bank or got the money
in some other questionable way. They must have
auarreled over the division of the spoils, then

‘ one of them stabbed the other mortally, and was
in turn fatally shot. They died locked in a death
grip, and so the money. however they came of it,
did them no good.

“It's funny it should have remained all these

2 _ years undiscovered in that cave. And yet I_don’t
' know that it is so -remarkable. after all. .This

island. on account of the dangerous reefs, and

the absence of any special object in landing here.
is rarely visited. I guess. Then who would think
of entering that hole under the rocks)’ If ‘It
wasn't that I‘ felt a curiosity to ﬁnd out just what
made that bellowing noise I never would have
investigated it myself. And, come to think of it,

I didn't ﬁnd out, after all. I guess I shan’t bother

with the subiect now. I discovered a much better

secret than that-—a truly golden one-—and so the
cause which gives rise to the noise doesn't inter-
est me any longer.” . ‘

_ ,. Tom had retained ‘about three hundred dollars

. I of the gold in hispocket to meet any emergency

that might arise, and now, as the sea was smooth,
he got out the oars and rowed away from Horse-
shoe. Island, which had proved such a mine of
wealth to him. Two hours later he was off Nar-
raguagus Bay. After pulling up a mile or two
he saw a small catboat anchored at the mouth
of a creek. There were a man and boy aboard
engaged in ﬁshing. Tom pulled within hailing

' distance and inquired wliere_he was. They both
' looked at him in some surprise.

“Don't you know you’re in Narraguagus Bay ?”

‘ asked the man._. H ‘

Tom shook his head.
“Where did you come from?"
“A waterlogged\schooner that went ashore on

‘an island out yonder.” ’ .

“What island?” _ /
" f, “I don't know the name of it. I've never been
-'. so far downeast before.” . ,4’,

‘What did the island look-like? . _
‘A circular island.with a small harbor inside.”

; ‘.“'11mt’s the Horseshoe,” spoke up the boy.‘

'. _:‘l'%l_V’here's:tIl%lrest of the schooner's People? On
only one aboard when she

."‘

 
   
  
   
  

h

 

   

.z_heisland‘l _
_Iwasthe
'itrucktheisland."

    
 
  

 

CHANCE ' . ' ‘ To 

“Oh, I'm not kicking," replied Tom, with I_
satisﬁed grin. -“What's the nearest town I can
str"ike'."' ' . _

"The nearest town is Harrington, on‘the rail-_ .
road. But it's ten miles from here—rather a 1:
hard pull for you. If you don't mind staying by '
us for a. couple of h0urs»I’ll tow you up there.
I'll lerd you a line and you can help us ﬁsh." '

Tom agreed to His friendly proposition. as he .-.'
did not care to pull the ten miles under a warm .
sun unless obliged to do it. It was about noon 3
that the catboat got under way for town, and dur— ~
ring the trip it occurred to the‘ boy that if he ‘-'
could buy a good sailboat he would prefer to :
return to Gloucester by water. on account of the “
boxes of coin, which he wished to have under" ,
his eye constantly, on account of their value. for‘ 1
it was possible some accident might happen to';~‘
them if shipped by rail. ._ ‘

“Do you know.whether I could buy or charter
sailboat in this neighborhood" he asked the ﬁsher.‘-
man. , " 

“Why. yes, there is a good boat that you c \_
get if you had two hundred dollars in 
pay for it. It's easily worth double that so i _
in fact. I believe it originally cost about.
hundred dollars. I am acquainted with the ,
who owns it. and who has been advertising it _
sale. I'll take you around to his'place, where
can see the boat and make the best bargain ya:
can if, as I said, you have the money to pf
down.” . '

“I have the money," replied Tom, quietly;
if the boat is worth the price asked I'll 'buy_

Accordingly the ﬁsherman put in at a
creek three miles below the town, and in a _
shortﬂtime Tom saw the sailboat moored alon :- _
side a small landing-place. A bargain was ﬁnal 
struck between him_ and the owner, Tom gt ,’
possession of it for one hundred and eighty -_
lars, which he paid over in gold coin. much; '
the astonishment of the seller, who wanted‘
know where the boy got so much gold.".~ "

“That needn't worry you, sir.” replied‘
“so long as you are satisﬁed it is real Ame‘ _ ‘
money. I came by it honestly, all right. , I‘ -"
in Glo’_ster, and am going right back th if
water in this boat.’ - ‘ '

He obtained a bill of sale for the boat. -
out in due form. and then, taking his rowboag
tow, followed his friend th ﬁsherman on the '
boat back to the, mouth 0 the creek. 
parted from him, and laid a course down the
towardgthe Atlantic. Shortly afterward," .
that he would pass close to a small island.
in there and transferredhis boxes and
to the cabin of his sailboat. After hsvintﬁ‘
raguagus-Bay he laid his course for a , »

  

 

   
 
 
 
 
 

  
  
   
   
 
         
   
 

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
     
  

      
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

  
   

        
    
   
   
   
  
        
      
    

  

"Artie man seemed much‘ in this inshone to‘the southwest He met a
 Tom pulled alonxxide and told-how he on his way and obtained a couple at .
5  ¢tried”oH his will from Boston mackerel, likewise the intormation that  '
' the English Wanderer; how the _a small hamlet on the inner shore of ;
I ‘ ischooner had been liR'hted_1Ite In in an ‘H around 

   
   

-one of the mackerel for his supper. As he now
vhad fresh bread, butter and various other ad-
juncts, he made a very satisfactory meal—the
'-‘first real good one he had enjoyed Since fate
"» separated him from the Polly Ann. He then con-
;-tinued his course along the coast to the south-
Ei-_ westward under jib and mainsail-

 CHAPTER XV.—Dave }Iawley’s Audacious Act.

M -. A week later Tom Whitney Slllhbed Cape Aljm,
gand in a few hours he rounded Eastern Point
sj andheaded up toward Gloucester harbor. He had
 the shore as closely as he dared _all the
i way up from Narraguagus Bay. and. having en-
“eountered several spells of ‘uncommonly. roug/h
weather, had been obliged to lie at anchor at
_ vu-ion; sheltered spots along his route. Tom was
§-. mighty glad to get within sight of home at last.
He did not believe that Captain Kedze had had 3

anee yet to notify his mother of his mysterious
-‘disappearance at Boston, because the Polly Ann
.. had scarcely had time to return from her second
: trip to the mackerel grounds. ~,
It was a warm, sunshiny afternoon, and a
,' Itiﬁ breeze was blowing up the bay. The _Sunday'-
 Tom attended was having a vicmc on an
island near the mouth of the harbor. The steam-
. gr amt had brought the party down in the mom-
__ -' . wgs tied up at a small wharf on the lee of
7 island, while the young people, with their
iﬁeachers and friends, were scattered all over the

 

 

   
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
      
   
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
 
 
  
   

 

. Aniy Wilson and Ruth Whitney had both come
to the picnic; so also,had Dave Hawley. Ybung
 vley had come down in a catboat with a crony
his, and had tried, with poor success, to square
 ,. with Amy. About the time that Tom
- rounded the cape, several miles below, Haw-
and his chum were sailing around the picnic
~ in the catboat. They were circling the
-. . shore of the island” when his com-
.. 11 called his attention to two girls who were
' g ﬂowers just back of the beach. The ‘:13
strayed away from the rest of the picknic ers.
Bawgy recognized them at once as Amy Wil-
and uth Whitney.
‘Say,’ he grinned to his cronv. “suDPO§e We Put
- to the beach and make them two girls come
A with us down the bay a bit. I heard you
y you liked Ruth Whitney. but that she We
the icy mitt; now here's a chance to get ck
; ‘‘ her. I've been aching for a chance to let

., with Amy Wilson, and here it is all Cut
' - - dried ﬁor me to take advantlﬂe °f- A79 37°“
— to do this?” .

friend, whose name _was Perle)’ M00":
tad as he thought of the_ possible conse-
..  of runnin of with two girls against their
. even for an hour or two. but ﬁnally a_greed

- -take a hand in the project D8" imm°d“‘°lY
; thecatboatf¢ﬂthebeach.la.ndin¢nDd¢3‘3
’ hlpﬂ where the preoccupied girls could not
therii.

e’ll wait here, Paley." said D8_Vé. hidini 50-

3% busliesi;_d"the)’vn’re eoﬁmnl lg.-l3nWl$ mu
nee. u them.

‘an’ '0 W: a’:dlnIsho|fb¢foretheY

muchotakiek. Itvm

A LUCKY CHANCE

19

satisfaction of making Amy take a sail with me.
They’ll both have to make the best of it until
we choose to land them.”

“Where shall we take them?”

“A mile or so down the bay. If they get too
cranky over the matter we’ll take them all the
way back to town in the boat instead of landing
them at the island.”

The two young rascals waited impatiently until
Amy and Ruth had got within alfew feet of
them, when they sprang out and seized them.
The girls screamed and attempted to run, but they
hadn't a ghost of a show to get away. Befote
they had recovered from their consternation they
were bundled aboard the catboat, the painter cast
oﬁ and the craft headed down the bay.

“Now will you be good, Amy Wilson ?” chuckled
Dave, gleefully.

“How dare you treat us in this way!” exclaim-
ed Amy, indignantly. as soon as she found her
voice. “Take us back to the shore,” she demand-
ed, with a stamp of her little foot.

“We will not,” replied her persecutor. “You're
going for a sail with us.”
“I don't want anything to do with you. I hate

you, so there!” cried Amy, with tears of resent-
ment welling in her pretty eyes.

“Ho! That won’t do you any good.”

“Wait until Tom Whitney gets back. He'll make
you dance for treating his sister in this way."

“I'm not afraid of his gettin’ back in a hurry,"
replied Dave, so signiﬁcantly that both Amy and
Rutholooked at him in surprise.

“What does he means. Amy '."’ whispered Ruth,
uneasily.

“Oh, he's just trying to worry us about noth-
ing,” replied her chum, with a curl of her lip.

“Am I?” sneered Dave, who had overheard
her. “Just keep on thinkin’ so. I was at Boston
last week when the Polly Ann put in there to sell
her fish. The day she hauled In to the wharf to
take on ice Tom Whitney disappeared. I wouldn't
be surprised if he had been knocked down along
the wharves by some of those water toughs. If
they didn’t toss him into the bay, after robbin'
him, they put him aboard some foreign veael
b_ound out to sea. Such things are done all the
time."

The way Dave uttered the fa oing remarks
almost convinced the two girls t at somethin
had happened to Tom. Ruth turned white wi
fear, while Amy’: heart stood still for a ino-
ment with a secret apprehension. .

“You know you’re not telling the truth, David
Ha_w_ley,” she cried earnestly. “You are just tan-
talizing us—ti-ying to worry Ruth here. You
ought to be ashamed of yourself.”

Dave snickered. - ‘

_“Well, wait till the Polly Ann gets back to
either Boston or Glo’ster, and then see if he’:
aboard of her. Ifheia,I’mal.ia.r,andI'lla[na
neveti; to bother you any more, if you don't want
me

“oh, Am .d think ythin has page
to Tom 1"  tea:'fnully. ‘ in” -
“N0. 1 don't.” replied Amy. “I don't believe a
brother

word this boy says. He's down on your
becauae———"

Then shestopped,dightlyeinbarrasaed.forda
hated Ton
andaoﬁi

easily guessed Da Ha le
Whitney. nawioihhuxhzi’ '

 

 

    

‘L20’ . A -.

 

A LUCKY
hisyhead signiﬁcantly. If the young rascal had
V known that the sailboat he saw right ahead com-
ing up the bay was sailed by the boy they were
talking about he would have hauled in his horns a
bit, as the saying is. turned the catboat about and‘
made back for the island as fast as he could go-—
a much surprised and disconcerted lad. , ¥
1 “Are you going to take us back to the island,
 David Hawley?" asked Amy again.
_ “Sure: if you behave yourselves." x.
“If we behave, ourselves! I like that!" replied
Amy, indignantly. “I request that you turn back

at once. If you don’b——" ‘
“If I don't, what then?" asked Dave, mock-
ingly. ' '

“You'll regret it.”’ .

“I don't think I will," replied Dave, incredu-
lously. “Who's goin’ to touch me for Just givi.n'
you girls a pleasant ‘sail down the bay?” '

“You’ve carried, us away from the island
against our wills," protested Amy.

“Oh, forget it. A sail will do you good. When
we get good and ready we’ll carry you back and
land you at the steamboat wharf.” ‘

Amy saw it was useless to argue with him.
He was the boss of the situation: they were a
mile from theisland, and he was evidently bent

‘ on having his own way, so she said nothing. more.
' For ﬁfteen minutes the catboat kept ..on its way,
the wind seeming to grow stronger every mo-
'ment. The bay was full of whitecaps, that leaped
over thebow of the boat and ﬂung spray into
their faces. Amy and Ruth. knowing 'n0tKl!!R 0f

Hawley-'3 ability to manage the ‘craft, began to
grow more and more disquieted as the catboat
careened further over under the .win'd.

“I wish you'd turn back. Dave Hawley,” Amy
said at length, in a tone of some concern. “It’s

. _getting very rough. If this boat should upset out

he;-e'we'd all be drowned.” .

, iv “Don’t you worry. It won't upset," replied.
_ Dave, conﬁdently. “However, I'm willin’ to go,
‘back. as 4! guess we've gone far enough.” _

' He spoke to‘ Perle)’. and then moved the tiller

 '.’"'t0 come about. _ _,V /
“Duck your heads. 2'l1’lS, and then Jump over

to the othepside.” , ‘
Amy ducked and made a spring for the other

‘ side. As did so a sharp ﬂaw struck the sail,
-tore the sh t attached to the boom out.of Dave's
d, and‘ away went the spar to leeward out of

a his reach. The catboat careened suddenly and
then righted in the trough of the waves. If noth-
ing more serious than that had happened all might
have gone well, for by ‘bringing the «boat up ‘into

A 'i ejthei wind Hawley could have coaxed the boom

aboard again and secured it. v A
 it happened, however, that when_ the catboat
_ Amy lost her balance and in the twink-
 eye went overboard. -Her shrill scream
.W'hi!:ney, whose sailboat was
ce away at the moment. and
V i to be -watching the catboat to try
 “out who were aboard of  In a mo-
‘sprang-.to..l_iis feet in great excitement. .
those girl; has gone overboard.” ‘be
his boars headwin the direction
I: had happened

. brother was pretty mad and threatened’£To‘'
, to tell Ruth about hisadventures ‘
-ran alongside a wharf at the itowp“.'_:-

“I, mm “vs :..?€§I's‘m8l'Iiﬂ€l Amy. 

    

  
    
    
  
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
  

CHANCE

to throw to her. Presentlyhe saw her head op-
Dear above the _surface a short distance: awn f
He threw the coiled rope at her as straight as a—’
die, and then seized a boatbook. The line {elf ,
about Ai_ny’s head, and she instinctively
hold of it. Tom threw the ,boat into the~wir_xl
and then pulled in o the rope, drawing the an;
fortunate girl up _to t e‘ side of the boat. when he-
reached down with both handsand puliedghgg‘
into the cockpit. . V ‘ * A’
“Amy Wilson!" he cried, as "he recognized—her.';
“Tom!_” she gasped, and then sank back 43‘
hausted inhis ‘arms. ' ‘
By this time Dave Hawley had recovered 
boom and had thrown his boat into the wind, too.
As the two craft came, almost together Toni
recognized his sister as well as the two boys in.the‘”
to:

catboat. He was astonished beyond measure .
ﬁnd Amy and his sister in such company.‘ it“
the same time Hawley was amazed to 
gay he supposed to be far away at seat by’
me. - «
“Ruth!” cried Tom. .'
“Oh, Tom!” exclaimed his sister; “is that
Take me aboard.” ’ ’
“Sure! will," and he did it in short ordaer,
out exchanging a word with his enemy.
The two boats then fell apart. ‘ '
“Look after. Amy, Ruth," said Tom.(’ 7
an explanation for the present. “You"eap_ 
her into»: the cabin. Get oﬂ' her wet clothes”
put her in one of the bunks. Thatmay»
her from catching cold.” 
— Before the sailboat got abreast of the y 7
Whe_re.the picnic party was. Ruth came out of. -955
cabin, after attending to Amy, and told .1‘ '
story of how Dave Hawley had treated them.

  
  
 
   
  
    
   
  
   
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
    
   

Dave over the coals. Then he hadya, long: 31,, 4-

. , Bath:-uh
fled t°,AmY 8 _home ﬁor dry clothes father,
and when A u was once’ more’ dgggsggg.
couldn't thank Tom enough for savingilggig
“Don't say “any Jaore, Amy,’ he pep
happy tone. _, I’m only too‘ glad I was on
render you this service.” ‘ ..
Tom sent the girls home. hired a  “
his boxes of treasure carried to his. home,‘ 1..
he was received with open arms by his ‘ “‘* “’
mother. He ‘told his story more ‘comp -‘
the tea table, and ‘when thetcontents of the .
were revealed his mother and sister could. .,..
beliete their eyes.‘ A week later, when the’?
Ann anchored in the harbor, and Captain it
came ashore to break the news of her '
appearance to Mrs. Whitney. almost :
person he ran across was Torn him _
as swell as a nabob’s heir. A . ‘T
The news soon circulated through,
that the Whitneys had received a legac ‘
sold the humble cottage and went to ~
much more pretentious one. where they _ (
comfort they could -wish for. . Tom bough
schooner and went into‘ the coast‘ 
own hook. He‘ was sii;8ccessful« ’
on. . .

Next‘ 

hon’ie.qwhich was hardly ﬁnished bx $113‘.

   
 

    
  
 
    
    

   
 
 
  
 
   

 
 

            
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
      
       
  

  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  

    

  

     
    
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  

x,'

I‘  AUTOMATIC BURCLAR GUN

rglar  "hich operates automatically
A requiring; ’ «presence of any other per-
than the burglar, has been invenhed by Fran-
. Jobson of Mentone, Ala.
inf a barreLmounted on .3 standard and hav-
aﬁring pin slidably mounted on.the standard
tuated by a coiled spring. A trigger
this ﬁring pin in retracted position and
ngrated by a cord which is secured to some
' ;object in the room’ so that the trespasser
I 1 about will come in contact with it and
,release the trigger and discharge the gun.
lsinterided to kill or seriously wound the
1; the cord is placed in line with the
<_ the gun, while if it is intended merely to
 - wound or frighten off the intruder, the
' ,ma_y beplaced at an ange to the barrel of
= «e ‘The device has actua y been used with
intrapping thieves in the inventor’s town,
ystematic robberies were occurring.

‘’ ’ 'F‘Al\/IE AND FoR'ruNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS

The device con- A

34 BULLETS REQUIRED TO KILL HUGE
. BEAR ‘

Thirty-four bullets were required to kill a huge)
black bear that had been slaughtering sheep in"
the vicinity of Bismark, Grant County, W. Va.

The losses resulting from its raids had become
so serious that farmers decided to trap it. A
strong pen was constructed on the farm of NL
R. I-Ienline, six sheep were placed in it and four
men heavily armed hid nearby at nightfall and
waited.

About 9 o’clock the hear was seen swinging
along toward the pen. After a prel*iminary-sur-
veY. it climbed over the wall of the inclosureand v
attacked one of the sheep. The four men then
began ﬁring. Peppered with bullets the bear

made lung-es at its assailants, each time being ,3

driven back by a shot at close range.

Eventually one bullet penetrated the heart and
the animal dropped. The bear weighed 450 '
pounds.

 
 
  

4!‘

"c

u

   

~:

  
  
 
 

5&0? ' 

   

it  it t _Boys! Like Detective Stories?

want  live adventures, with cops and detectives
mysteries and d ‘y plots, get a copy of

“Mystery —. Magazine” No. 161 ‘ /’
 A -long novelette ﬁlled  excitement, called .
. C . .‘ '7 .  2 A. M  .
V _ By’ BEULAH POYNTER
‘ T ,> _ Then, there's a» crackerjack two-part serial entitled

“THE INVISIBLE CRIME”
 V L By GEORGE MOREHEAD ' ‘
f it contain: these seven short storie s by the best writers:

" ‘THE AVENGER,l.’ by Gilbert Hammond.
" 3 1 3 7 " by Peter Perry
“THE KNOB-KNOCKER,” by Wm. Allen Ward , _
-4 ‘TWO-GUN MUSSES THE PLAY." by Daniel E. Kramel '
THE MILLS OF‘ THE GODS,” by Hamilton Cralgle ' . _
' "T00-MANY KEYS." by J. B. Warrenton ‘ _
. “30laV'ING SOUS FACE," by Walter A. Ellis ‘ . " e

 contains: free department conducted by  Rice
     naognwmrmc REVEALS". »   ~
gag mi‘. sample»: 31o\};‘"§writing; she will tell _ .
 rnany.other useful things. There-is no rchan,ge';fcrr‘.th‘is
 -A SHORT ARTICLESV ‘ * ”

  «mam
Your

running down; crooks, puz- A

z
4

‘V ‘\
. ., . £3
.2‘ '

 
 
  

at.’ «iritexésmn an

a

 eh?’

   
   
   
     
     
   
     
   
  
      
  

    

, Rob and the Reporters

‘ —- OI’, — _
Huatling for War News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

 . , CHAPTER X.—(Continued).

,4 . . “I’m so lame I can scarcely hobble,"_ replied

Walter.’ “At the same time I don't think it is

going to amount to anything serious. If we can

- only lie by a couple of days." _

 “That depends upon our hostess. Hello! Here's
some one now!"

-. Opening the door upon which there had been

, a sharp knock, Rob found Pierre with an enorm-

: " ' one circular bathtub of painted tin. '

3 , “For your bath,” he said to Walter in French.
“I will fetch the water. Breakfast will be ready
in an hour. If there is anything else you want,
let me know.” '

' The bath proved a godsend. The boys felt
quite thmselves after they had dressed, save for
Walter’: lameness.

Breakfast was served in the big dining-room
glare they had eaen supper, Pierre waiting on
em as before.

[ The day passed quietly. ' _

' Rob and Walter stuck close to the castle and
the beautiful grounds surrounding it, seeing no
one but Pierre, but there were times when they
could hear some one sobbing deeply in some dis-
tant part of the castle. but as Pierre refused to
answer any questions they wereleft completely in

i’ the dark as to ‘what it all meant until Sh0l'tlg~.
after so per, while they were seated in the libra-
17, the nor opened and Louise, dressed in black
and looking very sad, entered. _ .

_ A “I am going to ask {our help,” she said to

 Walter in French. “I ope you are now‘ sum-

dently rested to give it tome. ' v’

“We will certainly do what we can," replied
Walter, “for we are verygrateful for what you
have done for us." _

“,1 am in deep trouble," replied the girl. “A:
an moment some foraging party of Germans is
lia le to descend upon this place and then there

V is no telling what may happen. Will you be kind

Isough tofollow me?"

 

  

   
  

 aibod lay the corpse of, a young man dressed
uniform, £.._a Belgian oﬂicer. Tall candles
on a‘ at" the foot of the bed, beside
 man wearing the garb of a

them, ‘I;-"other," said Louise in French.
Americans and can be trusted. “Tell
with thiesehe left the room sobbing
hurl; would break. ’ =

 
 

lob. wished he understood,
said had to be translated

  

FAME AND FORTUNE l WEEKLY

.,,..§he led them to an upper chamber where upon .

  
 

   

The priest introduced himself as Father 
phonse, and inquiring their names went on to say: 

“This is the ancient seat of the DeBois fam- Q.
ily. The young lady who just left us is Madem- 
oiselle Louise De Bois. This young man is her '3'
brother Gaston. He was a captain in the Belgian if;
Army and was wounded in a recent engage t. 
He managed to escape from the Germansmﬁid ,:
made his way home, only to die. It has’broken. 
his simfs heart. We can get no help. ‘ It is‘;
even impossible to get a cofﬁn. What I am ask- ‘P
ing of you is to help me dig a grave and bury
him. Piiarre is not strong enough for the work,
nor am . 

“We will certainly do it,” Walter assured him. :
antilhe inquired if there was no one else initlio '
cas e. . i

“No one,” replied the priest. “Louise has long
lived here alone with her aged grandfather, who
has been insane for years. He was greatly es’-
cited over the war and a week ago mysteriously’
vanished. We have searched for him everywhere,“
but in vain. He is probably dead, for he was’
quite unﬁt to brave exposure, being ninety-six
years old.” ’ _ .

“Walter's suspicions were aroused instantly.

“Is he a tall man with long, white hair
heard?” he said. _

“You have described. him,” declared Father
Alphonse. “Speak! what do you know?” 3

“A person answering that description came
our bedside last night calling out about the ~ '
and instantly vanished.” ‘ ‘

:l“Il;e prietslt crﬁssed giinhiself. I I 

was egosto tecaste”heexclain&.' '.».
"Old Simon De Bois. who was murdered 

  

   

   
   
     
   
   
  
   
   
 

 
       
 
 

  

          
    
    

 
  
  
    
    

room a hundred years ago.”‘

      

(‘Nothing will make me believe it," " _
Walter. «“Is it not possible that there is some‘
cret paiel in that room, Father?” A, p "

“It has certainly been so rumored, my sob.
once asked Andre DeBois, Louise’: grandfathug,
about it, but he declined to answer." ’

“Su pose we go and look. The old man».
be hi ing in some secret-chamber." V, .

“You have aroused my curiosity.” replied» L
priest. "We will go at once.” ,

Walter translated to Rob and all three hurried.
to the bed-chamber where he pointed out tho ~
where the old man had vanished. , .

A careful examination of the wall was
made and, sure enough, Rob discovered a 
brass button set in the wainscoating which.

pressed. a secret panel ﬂew back. revealing a 5
row ﬂight of atone steps leading downward;

“I feel that you have solved the inyste
cclibiergd Father Alphonse, growing 
o "‘ V

_He took the candle and 
following him down into a small room which ,
Sl|l'!lIp_~§$

    
     
 
 

  
      
  

  
   
 

   
    

          
     
  

  
    
 

  
   
       
 
  

   
   

 
     
 

ﬁtged up as a chapel with a gilded
si e. . _ y ‘

Here, stretched upon a couch‘ cove‘
sheet. 1ay.the aged mat: Walter had

    
    
     
     

   
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
  
    
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
 
  

 

LIGHTNING, GIRL, 14, IS
UNINJURED

Catherine Walker, fourteen-year—old
of Martin Walker, was thrown to the
- nd and stunned by a lightning ﬂash the other
y, but was not injured. The Walker farm is
bout seven miles north of Larned, Kan.
There was a light shower and Catherine was
in the yard driving in the little chickens. She
anced up at the windmill, she says, and became
" 'ous of a ﬂash °.of light before her eyes.
therine fell to the ground stunned for a mo-
= nt and a post of the windmill was shattered,
. Ei'ht_een of the little chickens wele killed by

' ightning.

. ..LLI-ID av

 

j ANCIENT RUINS IN PERU .
‘Chimu is the name given by archeologists to
V _' of the capital an chief city of the_ Chimu
 ple, which is situated on the seashore about
' our miles north of Truxillo, Peru. The remains
';\- er A space ﬁfteen miles long and five or six
 broad, and embrace the walls of vast pal-
and temples,,some of them ornamented with
:<- e work and paintings. An aqueduct
miles long supplier! the city with water,’
- was received in large reservoirs. There are
sepulchral mounds from which many ob-
v ~ of interest have been obtained. The name
'~ :the people, Chimu. is derived from the title
i _eir' sovereign. They. were enti“ely distinct
‘_ an the Incas in language, architecture and cus-
,_' " ' ,_Accordihg to tradition they came from be-
~ the sea, and drove out the savages who had
led this region (about Twelfth Century).
' built great cities, remarkable for the size
spine of their buildings. Their aquedtlcts and
_tion were very extensive. The Chimu peo-
Exoelled in gold and silver work; in the man-
- - of cloth and Jlottery The Incas called
’Yuncas. Descen ants of the race still live
‘the same region, but their language, called
' - ca, is extinct. A grammar and list of words
still extant. The ruins of the Chimu are the
striking archeological remains in Peru. The

~ _ commonly seen in museums and
calls? “Peruvian” was of their manufac-

. \

_ '_, THE GYPSY MOTH . .

~ The gypsy moth has cost Massachusetts man

- of dollars and New York a smaller
Massachusetts has tried all means to
the gypsy moth. She set the school chil-
to work and everything that could be sug-
has been tried. New York has done some-

Hke it.
' ispro touse toy balloons in the
the moths. Thousands of these bal-

..'&l¢balloonswillbeusedto toget

 

thesreadofthemoth. Itisfouild
no ’ ' inst-.ut,doea,
--g«  The es aroun-
l§ecaaaeofth,eweightoftheir—

,  ..(grr’~-0“! . ~. ' ,-~ -_.-

   

 

‘FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ‘ 23
‘GOOD READING

 

bodies. The bi s read com s ~1-

moths are first lgatcllled from tebe  vtliife yﬁurg.
long hairs growing out of their bociéé andyal ave
silk ﬂoss._ These buoy them up until the Soﬁa
long distances to find food, some of them oili y
far as ﬁve miles from the starting pla¢e_g g as

It is something like the \ t ‘ -
clothes moth. No man cancatrell Villltrilg eifi the
how_clot_hes_moths can show such extraordcirilgss
pertlnaclty in seeking out wool to feed on Thry
female clothes moth does not fly but’ hides ‘i the
cracllis and crevices of the house and the little? cate
21?; ::::.%:   t°  their road

Th ",000
numbiréa la;:&l:l,'l:°::q:::: 2:: ‘as:  had
them 400 tags were recovered befoa- ‘e}t1um' of
the seasan. They were found throlieht 8 end of
91-“ New England and one waﬁ f g (gut S01lt}1.
mouth, Nova Scotia, having g-on: agrk 03 Y.ar'
in 18 hours. Seven others ‘covered dis1:ari1<?e(:l1I’"les
110 to 145 miles. This §...., m . *~ Wm
little balloons ‘ll b -‘l  3"’ ‘.3‘°““""‘S °‘
stations’extenrliiig aelol)'\ege‘;Sé'tli(lfel-oil: 1‘; §.°mD0ral’Y
n‘ecticut to the Canadian border 0'3}, mm.C°n'
an eﬁort to discover the secret of theer\Ev'W;{l“ B.
sponslblc for the wide spread of the pestln s re-

The whole cou t ' ‘ - I . _
is in the spread nogythxé bldllervévseteeviﬂln §Ihelvsr’i‘iri;ﬁ .
is'now feelin th. . i '

.3... felt f0rgliheel::tm;u:I:t:I!“]3¥a1t|:{e:l§::1Fyhu:eht::.
1'. ii t ' rtgd .
,..:,t if:  W Wedrrwm com-

‘ “Mﬁtefy Magazine”

Slemi-Monthly 15 Cents A com

:54 ran nocss on was nocxs o J

use LAUGHING Dlurrrs TRAIL. L "3 ad‘ B°°"‘°“
use Tti°n"Lii£nlclNa DROP?!-IR. hvyG\e'1: Ls:-‘:0’ Jon
   "°"
159 rriivinnylv-Aviiliwurlnarns. m Halnlltn ‘EB!’ D’
100 THE SHADOW or A l\'oosn_ by ~J',',cf"},‘g§~dox‘

AT 2 A. M.
BY BEULAI-I POYNTER
0'-3 "'01!-"Ir in lb. 101
HARRY E. WOLFF. Publisher, ;..¢_
166 West zaa Street New Yo:-3 ch,

 Picture Stories" I
Awoeklyll-cut-onuouas.n.c..a.,._.,,_,.'.

PRICE TEN csnrs PER corr-

Esell number conning '
enthuse:-een— tB1;‘ﬁ.f. :hh‘m*
"I".¢N'ul|l' 43311! About Prolllnon n-159"‘ W
l‘nne—DolngeuAew|-land A hulzl‘ -.
and lauons 1: Scenario Writing. “'3'

HA3BYE.W0LFF.PIbIisbI'.hc.
mwuczaasu-on - , . .

 
 

  
   
  
  
 

 ml-—- .

i that when the vernier is

‘ touches the beveled edge of the main dial.

24 "v

 

SPARK INTERFERENCE _

We are told that troublesome spark signals
should not be so disturbing to us because _a §00
ldlocycle signal (600 meters wave length) is 131'

ugh away from most broadcast frequencies so
that but little interference should be experienced
except by those who are very near the spark sta-
tion. But most of the trouble does not come
from this spark signal frequency. For some rea-
son better known to others than to us. many spark
sets near New York Harbor are operated on a
frequency of 666 kilocycle (450 meters). Tight
in the middle of the broadcast band. At a recent
meeting of radio experts in New York repre-
senting the U. S. Department of Commerce, the
Canadian Government, and the commercial radio
companies, it was agreed that spark transmission
should be done away with as soon as practicable
(perhaps within a year) and that the 666-kilocyele
frequency should not be used at all by ships in
American waters.

A DIAL VERNIER _

In these days of high powered transmitting sta-
tions a.nd superselective releiving sets, it is often
quite necessary that the adjustment of the various
dials on a receiving set be made with great care.
Many fans possess receiving sets whose con-
densers, variometers. variocouplers, etc., are not
equipped with vernier adjustments. Therefore, it
is not always possible for the owner to differ-
entiate closely between one station and another,
for the dial cannot be moved slowly enough by
the hand alone.

To alleviate this condition a very effective dial
Vernier can be made at home from a few spare
parts. All that is necessary is a long ﬂathead
screw. a knurled binding post top. a soft rubber
washer, two nuts to fit the screws, and a small
spring. The screw should be of such a length
assembled the spring
will keep the rubber washer away from the dial.

When it is desired to make very close-adjust-
ments of the dial the .vemier simply is depressed
until the edge of the soft rubber washersjust

mce
the ratio of the diameter of the dial to that of
the vernier is high, it is possible to move the

_ former very slowly by turning the vernier.

  
   
 
  

In making rough adjustments the vemier can
be forgotten. If it is desired to use the vernier
the ﬁngers simply are removed froinit and the
spring will push the washer away from the main
dial, thus relieving it of unnecessary pressure.

EXPERT CLASSIFIES INTERFERENCE
In view’ of the active steps already taken by
the Radio Club of America to combat the increas-
ing interference of commercial code stations with
broadcast brolzrams, it is interesting to note the

‘classiﬁcation of interferences arranged by John

V. L‘. Hogan, consulting radio engineer. Mr. Ho-
gan has arrhnged the disturbing factors in six
disses as follows:

~ 1.- Nearby broadcasting stations using wave

‘frequencies elosetothntwhich it is desiredto

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

mriziuzsrmc RADIO News AND HINTS

 
 

t 2. Radio telegraph transmitters of the spark
YD?-

Z}. Oscillating receivers that produce whistling
noises.
4. Distant broadcasting transmitters that

radiate waves having frequencies within a few
kilocycles of the frequency beinz received. , _.

5. Atmospheric discharges, known as “strays” (
or “static.-” ‘ . 

6. Induction from lighting. trolley or power
systems.

The life of the B Battery depends on the fol-
lowing factors. according to G. C. Furness. an
authority on the subject: 1.—-The quality of the
cells in the battery. Each B battery consists of
an assembly of a number of identical cells. each
cell giving 1% volts. Fifteen cells are used in 3
2%-volt battery, 30 in a 45-volt battery. Before
a good 8 battery can be made a good dry cell
must be made, and that is no easy task. 2.—The
size of the cells used in the battery. The larger
the cells the more electrical energy they contain.
and the longer they last. Size should be propor-
tionate to use. 3.—The amount of current taken:
from the B battery by the tube or tubes. Ob-
viously, the greater the current the shorter the
life of the battery. 4.—'I‘he amount of daily use -
of the receiving set. Again. obviously. the
greater the numbers of hours the set is in use '
each day. the fewer days will the battery last. -
§.—'l'he “cut-off” voltage. As any battery is used _.
its voltage gradually drops until a point is reach?‘ '_
ed at which operationvis unsatisfactory. Thnti "
is the “cut-off" voltage._the lowest voltage at
which the set gives satisfactory results. The
lower this voltage the longer the life of the bat- '
tery. 6.—The age of the B battery when put into
service. All dry batteries lose energy when stand-
ing idle, some of them at a quicker rate than
others. 7.-—The personal factor that determines,
not the life of the B battery, but how long'you -.
will use it. is your opinion as to when the con-
certs are too weak. '

VACUUM TUBES IN THE MAKING . 
Tube making requires great care and patience. _ *

   
   

-i

There are thirteen steps or processes in produe- ‘~‘
tion, all of which must be watched closely in order \. ;
to assure a perfect ﬁnished product. A test it ‘
made after each step is completed and. of course,
a test after the tube is complete. The manu-
facture of a tube is begun by spinning in ﬂare at 
the end of a short glass tube. This tube is than 
called the “ﬂare.” Five wires are then inserted‘ 
in the “ﬂare.” Looking at a WD-11, one can not ~
ﬁve wires in the inner unit, although there no ‘_."
but four contacts at the base. The ﬁfth will"
is a blind insert to support the plate. The end ’
of the “ﬂare” is melted and pinched to ilnbod 
the five wires securely. This is now called  1;...
“press.” The ﬁve wires are next cut to their,’ it’.
proper lengths and the elements spot weldcdh  V
place by expert girl operators. ﬁlnli":

   
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
   
 
  
    
 

used in the.WD-11 is a platinum-iridium alloy.
coated with chemicals to increase 

emission. Now a Small hole is melted jnto ﬁg
glnss“blank"orbulbofthotuhcto nndathﬁ
[V . ‘x " -

  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
     
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
     
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
  

 fused on its end. The “press” is then sealed
.—1’»o-thebottom of this “blank” by welding with a
388 ﬂame. All air is then exhausted from the
blank” through the thin tube. This is done by
Inserting the glass tube into a piece of rubber
hing which in turn is connected to an exhaust
ump. Before the pumps are turned on a cover-
mg which serves as an oven is pulled down over
‘the tubes and they are subjected to a temperature
‘of 400 degrees Centigrade to drive all gases
from the glass walls and metal parts. While the
rexhausting is going on the plates are heated red-
; hot to remove the gases from the metal plates
_,;.and supports. The pumps are turned off and a
{gas ﬂame run around the bottom of the long glass
 until it melts oil’ and forms the tip of the
vacuum tube. The tube is now complete except
' or the base which is baked on by machine, the
'pe neatly soldered. and the tubes tested under
eonditions similar to actual receiving.

 

MORE‘ RADIO FREQUENCY

Although radio frequency ampliﬁcation is no
mystery to the average experimenter or amateur,
Jnany who have but recently become interested
quid like to know something about radio fre-
ncy ampliﬁcation. _ .
Radio frequency ampliﬁcation has been de-
to a point of eﬁiciency which makes it
Entirely satisfactory in the hands of the unskilled
 teur.
, ‘Equally as good results are obtained with one
(‘Rage of radio frequency ampliﬁcation with de-
tector as with audio frequency ampliﬁcation of
$0 stages.
~There are no doubt many owners of the
gltandard regenerative receivers who have con-
 disappointment into satisfaction by adding
,t"'atage of radio frequency to their sets in place
i q the second stage of audio frequency ampliﬁca-

Olie of the main reasons for the use of radio
_ y ampliﬁcation is that it allows the de-
idler tube to do its work more eﬂiciently. As is
‘all known, a detector tube will fail to respond
a signal whose strength is below that of a

~ certain value. By employing a stage_ of radio
‘ y prior to the detector tube it is pos-
ﬁle that a weak signal will be amplified by
ﬁe radio frequency stage to such a degree-that
lie detector tube will ﬁnd itself in a better D085-
ﬁin to rectify the signals.
Unlike audio frequenc ampliﬁcation. radio
y is not aﬂected y disturbing tube and
 noises. This is so because these noises
, usually vibrations  at_ a relatively
rate and are eifectively transmitted through
designed for radio frequency current.
is greatly increased. A

      
   
 
    
       

  

 its full posaibili .II
Istoaxphinthofailureofeertainmakes
~  to liveupto expectation. 

E‘ 1 thefilureofndl I
* §.i§.nu' 0 gee“

  
 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

_ densers.

*u'.,--  ‘ , . _ ..  .‘,_

must be taken of the fundamental (liﬁﬁculties that
have to be overcome.

One of the obstacles has been the high capacity
oxistintgbetween the elements of tubes. a char-
acteristic that presents _s:reat difiiculties when
using vacuum tubes as ampliﬁers. This is par-
ticularly true at the shorteir wave lengths.

The realization that the eﬂiciency of radio fre-
quency ampliﬁcation is directly dependent upon
the accuracy with which the transformer is tuned
to the incoming oscillates has aided transformer
manufacturers. Correct application of this prin-
ciple has resulted in transformers that are su-
perior in range as well as in quality of repro-
duction in tone volume.

THREE COIL RECEIVER

More diﬁicult to tune. but experts find results
superior. Although the variometer regenerative
set is recognized as being the more popular
radio receiver in use, there is another that runs
it a close second. It is the three coil honeycomb
outﬁt, and in some respects is even superior to
the variometer set. It is slightly more diﬂicult
to tune properly. but it is fully as eﬁicir-nt. and
can be made to receive on any wave length used
for any kind of radio communication to-day.

The tuning instruments consist of a three coil
honeycomb mounting whichﬁs simply an arrange-
ment for holding the coils. and two variable con-
. The one connected in the primary cir-
cuit should be of .001 mfd. capacity, which is the
usual 43 plate size. and the one across the sec-
ondary of .00025 mfd., the equivalent of the usual
11 plate condenser.

The standard tube accessories, such as a tube
socket, a rheostat, grid leak and condenser. bind-
ing posts, wire. screws. etc., are also required.
The entire set can be assembled on a composition
panel twelve inches long and eight or nine inches
wide. The two condensers are mounted next to
each other in the lower left hand portion of
the panel with the coil mounting centured above
them. The rheostat is fastened at the extreme
right with the tube socket directly behind it.

The wiring of the honeycomb set can be done
in_twenty minutes. The left hand plug on the
coil mounting is the primary, the middle one the
secondary and the right hand one the tickler. The
aerial wire goes directly to one end of the
primary; the other end goes to the stationary
plates of the .001 variable condenser, with the
rotary plates of the latter to the ground. The
.00025 variable condenser is’ shunted across the
Secondary D1118. and thence across the grid con-
denser and the plus side of the filament battery.
To minimize the effect of the hand on the tuning
of the set, the rotary plates of the small con.
denser should be led to the ﬁlament side of the
circuit. The_tickler is inserted between the ‘P’

st on the tube socket and one end of the phones.
..'n‘i‘3 §’.:’.‘“.‘Il‘?.5.‘.°‘1..:”u§."° §’°..."."..”""..,...‘ i"°.......“°“'°'

s
the wires leading to it. \ Y

The wavelength of this reoeiirer event
on the sizes of the cog: selected for the"varion
plugs. For ordinary on,
primary usually is an L75 the secondary
same,andt.he-tiekleran L5i).'l1iis V
covers atuiom from about 2W‘to 580

   
 

  
 

 ‘ Fame and‘ Fortune w eeaiy

“NEH. .-01..., JULY 25, 1924.“

'1 Lmvio L o susscmsms

;_
;

Single Coplcl . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "Postage Free scents
One Copy mum: Mouths .... .. " " 00

Q0110 Copy Six Aloutlis . . . . . . . .. " " 2.6!)
One Copy Uue [ear . . . . . . . . .. " " 4.00

Canada. S-Luv; Foreign. $5.11).

now To menu u0Nn.1'—At our risk lend P. 0.

money t)rucl_‘. Llleck or Begictex-ed Letter; renmuncol

In my other way are It your risk. We scene I Postage

Stamps the same as cub. When sending slur wrap

the (Join in ii separate piece 0! paper to avoid cutting

, ' the envelope Write your noun Ind address plainly.
Address letters to

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wolll. Pros.
Publisher, 1nc., Jmumea E. Nylnnder. see.
, 105 W- 23¢ St». N. Y. L. E. Wilsln. Treat.

ITEMS or INTEREST

MOST NUMEROUS FOREIGN BORN

According to_ the 1920 census, in the list of for-

eign-born white population there are 1,683,298

Germans, 1,607,458 Italians and 1,035,680 Irish-

men in the United States. There are more Rus-

ty sians and more Poles in the United States than

. -Irish, Russia being represented by 1,398,999 and
Poland by 1,139,578 people.

‘ DEER LEARN QUICKLY

_ The Bureau of National Parks reports that the
deer in Glacier National Park, quick to learn the
advantage of the immunity furnished by Uncle
Sam’s protective arm, have remained in the vi-
cinity of the park administration buildings all
winter. About 150 of the whitetailed variety
came down, Irom the inaccessible Rocky Moun-
tain recesses when winter first set in and they
have depended on rations given them daily by the
forest rangers.

RICH, BURIED A PAUPER .

Supposedly a pauper, J . Eggstein, who died at
the poor farm and who is buried in the Potter's
Field, was worth more than $100,000, according
to information reaching the county authorities
, at Hutchinson, Kim. A man who did not leave
his name recently got aﬁidavits of Eggstein’s
~ death from the superintendent of the oor farm,
. ' saying that the man had 321,000 in a ﬁnsas City
  and $100,000 aveodrth of «bc::lx1ds.treet
, _' ggsteinwas ic u on as ,suppos-
a stranded harvest and, last summer. He
. . , used to give any information concerning him-

bulf, sayingit was nobody’s business.

..8AL'I' MADE FROM SEA WATER
 L from sea water is the product of a
6‘ ' o1'nia' industry. The sea wsterris ta-
“ Francisco Bay during periods of
tide, in May, June, July. August.
. he seawater. enters

: . through a slough, intokthio

 
 

 

  
 
  
     

  

‘FAME ‘-'AN'.n FORTUNE WFF‘-'x’T,Y

7 ._(Uhich'_u . 


    

eons. I'rom ..._ ..l.ake pond the sea water"i8‘.
raised by a large paddle-wheel pump and goes
through the ponds mentioned, gradually becoming . 
more and more concentrated, until it reaches the '
crystallizing ponds. It is run into these to a
depth of about six inches when it has reached a. f ‘
strength of about 25.5 degrees Baumé, or when
crystals of salt begin to form. The industryls
on a sound basis, although competition has been
keen among producers; conditions are better than.
they are on the Atlantic coast, where large con-
signments of salt arrive at irregular inte1va_ls§1 0.
from Europe and tend to upset the market. Fur-
thermore, the climatic conditions in those psi-t_of
California where the socalled solar ovapprntion . '
methods are practiced are fairly regular "tile or 
no rain falls between March and October. 'l‘ho“-/
total evaporation during a season, from Hard!
and through October, aggregate about 30  -
Harvesting commences about the middle of July, ‘
when ﬁve to eight inches of salt is found. ’

   
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
     
  
    
  
   
  
 
   
   
   
     
 

 

LAUGHS !

' “Vy don't yer speak ter yer svell friendt at der
odder end of der car?” “Shushl She ain't paid
her fare yet.” ..

Wigwag—-What do you find the greatest draw¢-
back to‘ a literary career? Scribbler——Ret_uni
postage. .

She—Why do you want me to take the morning
glory as my ﬂoral emblem‘! He—Because the
morning glory knows when to shut up. I

0 “We're getting on pretty well, now that weird
carrying on the business together. aren't we,
father?” “Oh, pretty well, my son. I do tho’

business and you do the carrying on.’ '2,-.»

' Edith came running in one day in great‘dis-
tress. “Oh, mother," she cried, “Mary has BEE’
the nest egg out of the old hen’s nest, and now”
how can she ever make another without "tn ,4
pattern to go by?" * “

 
  

“Indians, you know," said the widely read 
are very stoical. “They're never known to laugh. ,,_‘t§

“Oh! I don’t,lmow," replied th 11' 1: person:
The poet Longfellow made M‘iann(l:l'I):h1a.”_ -" ’

   
 
 
    
     
     
      
      
    

  
  

 

   

“How beautiful it is to see the sign of S ‘ 
cvrgmhere," remarked the landlady st 
b ast table. “I wish I could discover ' .,
evidence of it in my mattress.” muttered ,-
room ledger. .

“I thought you had a trained nurse totwo
your wife?" . “So I have." ?‘And now you’n
ing for more help '1” “Yes,.l find I hoveh
three'o'r four maids to wait on the trained‘

   
       
      
   

 

  
    

 

 “Why didn't you’ ask for your transfer
entered the car?’ demanded the conductor
cnuaeIsawasoI1«andwu_!tod§o

  
    

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
BRIEF BUT POINTED

  
  
  
     
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   

0 PET AIREDAEIISS BRING MISTRESS

': besieged with offers for her pet Airedales,
Bi! and Pat, following their latest exploit.
She was standing in her yard the other day
hen the two dogs came trotting out of the woods
nearby carrying in their jaws a ﬂat, brown ob-
Ject which they laid at her feet with ingratiating
-barks. It proved to be a leather-covered quart
xﬁask of the type that fits snugly in an automo-

ile door—pocket and it was full of gin.
They trotted oﬂ in the direction whence they
came and returned in a few minutes with a pint
Tboﬂle of the same spirits.

~ Miss Hopkins followed on their third trip, but
found only some paper in which the ﬂasks had
sheen wrapped. -

 

HIS DOG'S STOMACB PROVES DIAMOND
st MINE

iLucky- the Boston bull terrier belonging to
ris  Messing of Gracean, Md., which some
"time ago swallowed $1,000 worth of diamond
‘rings, was brought to Easton and operated upon
‘by Dr. J. W. Carrigan, veterinarian. In its
stomach were foundcii two diamond rings, a penny,
1 me.
" One of the rin , set with a_two-carat diamond,
was just as as the day it was last worn by
Mrs. Messing. The other had a 5% carat dia-
anond surrounded  eight small stones. All these
;.Itones were missing except one small one.
After the lawn grass had been cut, the house
lwept and searched and every conceivable place
ransacked for the missing 5_ewelry._Mr. Messing
Lnaw his pet chewinir something. which moved to
 the leg of an alarm clock. _
”‘ Lucky was watched and was seen to  it.
Some one suggested that two sta8° 111183 be
..-. 4 as 3 test, and the dog soon proved to be the
'f_ An X-ray examination  the matter.
e’ doguhas survived the genrmining operation
4 v we .

 

WEATHER SUPERSTITIONS DISPROVI-‘.D
BY SCIENCE

‘Several common superstitions concerning the
‘» ther have been dispelled by the Weather Bu-
. - v at Washington, says Popular Mechanics. _In
 ,Europe and America there is an old belief
_, t’ a severe storm-—the socalled “equ.ino_ctial
”—is due about the date of either equinox,
t is, March 21 or Sept. 22. According to
tists there is _no maximum of storm fre-
» y either in this_co or abroad close to
date of either equinox. course, in  long
,: storms do occur about these dates, Just as
occur at all ‘other-‘times in the year, but there
loireason why they should beespecially fre-
_.t the equinoxos. Commenting. on the

’s inﬂuence on the weather, the bureau
' ";-:.!,Ioderirscienee is unable toﬁnd any evi-
thI‘tthenioonail'ectstheweathertoanap-

 — ' . «<« . ‘ . i

i Miss Lois Hopkins of Wood-lawn avenue is be-=

 

 

preciable extent, and is unable to conceive of any
reason why it should.” The belief in “dry” and
“wet” moons, indicated by the position of the
lunar crescent in the evening sky, and a host of
other notions, are denounced as merely idle sup-
erstitions.

A FRENCH CRIME MUSEUM

The old “Conciergerie,” the medieval DiiS0l1 on
the Island of the City in the heart of Paris, will
be transformed into a “Museum of Justice and
Police,” where children of the primary and hi h
schools may come to study the evolution of the
methods of detecting crime and administering
justice through the ages.

The somber walls of the prison, with its dark
dungeons, still contain all the instruments of tor-
ture in use during feudal times to extract confes-
sions from men charged with crimes or misde-
meanors. Documents showing the plots, counter
plots and intri ues of the Renaissance, and the up-
rising and vio ence of the nation during the Rev-
olution have been preserved in its cellars.

A bill has been introduced in the Chamber of
Deputies by M. Petitjean requesting the Govern-
ment in view of the great crime waves now
sweeping France——murder, acts of violence and
thefts—-to gather these historical relics into a
museum, so as to instill into the minds of youth
a salubrious fear and horror of crime.

All the political upheavals and religious wars
of the last thousand years have contributed to
the history of and left their mark upon the old
prison. Original] it formed a part of the palaces
of the kings of rance. It was rebuilt by Saint
Louis, and became a prison under Charles V‘, who
in 1391 placed there in irons and chains in certain
number of citizens of Never: and the Nivernais,
who had raised the standard of rebellion against
his rule, 4

In the ﬁfteenth centur the Count of Armag-
nac Grand Constable of 1*! '
er members of Parliament and a number of
wotmen and_wchtiJl‘dren were massacred there with-
ou mercy e po

Count Louis de Be
Picardy, was burned
Francis 1.

Catherine de Medici had Count Montmomery
put to death within the prison walls.

Availlac. the assassin of Hen IV, was top

-in, a nobleman from
‘ve there by order of

turedand intheyardwichnowservoa
as a stabe for the horses of the Parisian
mounted police. " -

Demiens, who attempted to slay Louis XV, and
Cartouche, the famous highwa , were guests
of the_prison under the last 0 the Bourbons.

During the Revolution more 1,200 prio-
oners were packed in the  when the mob
brolée down the doors _and massacred the inajoriw
of cm
of Louis »XV!, and Bobespierre awaited their

rance, six hishops, sev-t

 

  

 

E. P. WESTON, FAMQUS WALKER, QUITS
* HIS FARM

Edward Payton Weston, world-famous walker
who twice has journeyed across the continent on
foot, has become a Pennsylvanian after a life-
time in New York State. ‘Last month Weston,
who Iived_in a lonely farmhouse near Plutarch,
Ulster County, N. Y., was the victim of an at-
tack of ruﬁians who shot_ him in the leg, broke
into his house and barn and stole food and other
articles. This led him, he says, to decide to
move. '

;

BATTLESHIP WEST VIRGINIA HAS NEW
_ PHOLCE SYSTEM

More than 100 loud speakers, carrying the
commands of ofiicers to all parts of the vessel,
have. been installed on the battleship West Vir-
ginia as an improvement on the telephone sys-
tems in use on other units of the ﬂeet, according
to an announcement from the Western Electric
Comp.-ny. ‘

'l‘.l..se are grouped on ﬁve circuits, any or all
of which can be connected to receive calls. They
are operated from three talking stations, on the
bridge while the ship is crui..1ng, on the main
deck aft while in port and in the control room’
during target practice andbattle. A two-stage
vacuum tube ampliﬁer gives suﬁicient power for
good transmission. .

“ " The loud speaker system is in addition to the
telephone connections, of ‘which the West Vir-
' 'a has 200 lines for ordinary use. To handle

 

 

 

state fire control telephone arrangement has been
- devisedato link those points functioning units.
The equipment for this was also furnished y the
Alwestezm. Electric Company, but because of its
secret nature no details can be made public.
Western Electric and naval engineers co-op-
erated inworking out the new telephone and loud
speaking ‘ systems. I’ .

 

 

Esxrmos Ann wosrn NIILLIONS IN
, srrocx

Thirty" years ago the Eskimos of Alaska had
nothing, but now they control nearly $5,000,000
,.worth of stock and property, according to Wil-
» liam T. Lopp, superintendent of the Alaska di-
vision of the United States Bureau of Education.
He has been here inspecting reindeer herds gran»
'5 i in the plateau of Broad Pass.
 -use, of the" encroachment of privately
- ' , edeherds of reindeer on the Seward peninsula
:ﬁﬁd.r?0iﬂt.“B_3!T0’W section of the territory it is
i eventually to remove the Eskimo herds to
"Pass, with Esntwell as the directing base.
'  herd of 5,000 animal will befdriven
hie2$q!in‘ar¢tt.~'§senins\1le.,to I ita.rod"next fall,

  

   

 
   

' be’  .'

Fz.&ME'AND FORTUNE WEEKLY ‘ . g 
ITEMS or INTEREST

. t e ship under battle conditions an entirely sep- _

.4» rate andstarte am in time‘ 0‘; kin are “ml”
“&3¥¢w0me$rwwwa‘

4 ma » 2;-1

  

it. For that reason the Eskimo herders wear? ,5;
gantlet reindeer gloves and a reindeer-skin  ~ J
and also spread reindeed skin in the sleds on 
which the little creatures are laced until the
herd rounds up for the night an they can be d_e~ 
livered to their mothers. _ ' . . »

In bringing over the herds from the Point Bar- _
rowregion it will be necessary to drive them in "'21
the Yukon River, there to load them ‘on specially 
constructed barges, ,on which they will be towed , :»‘
up the river to Nenana, where they-will be
shipped by the Alaska Railroad to Cantwell. . ,‘ °

It is estimated there is a strip of 100 miles. 
square in. this vicinity suitable to reindeer grab ’ 
ing. With rail transportation at hand those In-‘ 1,,
terested in the‘ industry predict that some»day~;‘~:
before long reindeer meat will be as common as 
mutton invthe markets of the states. « ”’

 
 

 
  
  
 
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
    
   

. LOOK, BOYS! ‘ 

' TRAPEZEE 
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy;

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS! .; 
It consists of a handsome parallel “ ._
' iron frame on which the little yellow’
man accurately performs like an aths-’ 
lete. ' . 
_ Five Dilferent Stunts — ,,
run FLYING TRAPEZE —_ Release the
trigrger-pin and ti; ﬁgure swings,‘f’ors...
wa , gripping . rass tmgew ‘.


turns a somersault in the air an

a, cross-bar by his heels. . _
THROUGH THE LOOP-—A swift swing.
and he goes through a wire loop,_makes

a turn and, catching by~his heels, swing’

' head downward from a bar. ,. ‘A

THE GIANT SWING —He goes forward

with a rush, releases the trapeze,-catches ;,

a horizontal-bar with his heels, makesﬁ
two swift somersaults in the air and“ ‘
catches by his heels again. .
He performs two more horizontal-bit e
acts with the grace and agility of a eizu 
_cus star, and many new ones can be? he-_
vented. w

The Most Wonderful Toy in
the World! , , ‘

_ .PRICE $1.50‘!
V 'l}he collapsible stand and the little 
_ phckgi inia handsome , ‘
Delivered anywhere, the United «
receiptgofpriee’. Addressﬁ V.’
.  we iM0v‘m.'ri'.v I

66'»i.zaci‘I3§.r1{r"‘—Y' I

   

    
  
   
 
 
 

  
   
   
   
  
   
  
     
 

   
 

  

  
      
  

 

 

 

  

{:;}.i.::A'r111s Doc's ’l’AND5 U

FRcEE!

 
 
  
   
 

 §'3§33;‘i§‘s°§ 

F: DIAMOND :31. °:.:'.::.;. *:.:;::i.°*::.,..,

;,.« ’ exec ly like the real thin ! Pull

.2; MINE :'.::.::.1:‘;=;:~..,*:.°‘;,£‘:::s. *“’LI,‘;‘. the  fO1'
5: _ of un scaring your

 

Lucky, the Bos-
ton bull terrier
:?l')e1onging to Mor-
r;»’ris VV. Messing
;_of Gracean, Md.,
3" which some time
5ago swallowed
$1,000 worth of
diamond rings,
Was taken to
Easton and ope-
rated upon by
Dr. J.'W. Carri-

n, veterinarian.
.11 its stomach

friends, and ads . i ,
protector. Sol " ‘ _
slvel b us. PAY POS‘I’- ’ "v
MA S .79 on do-

Iivery plus postage. P"' P"""“
Money back if not uugngu.
PATHFINDER 00.. Mu P83 534 Slllli Ave..ll.¥.

'3v°;:EI.§aR2'g

ieeps-SW"
‘Ital lhl will tell Uith
‘In in‘ I! like u nu}
nova ehe gone
unto litlla sung and
. I

and the tunnel :;ge?h;;ie‘{:.l':xe?);::
Nth! to row and play one In In in. sun.

Doll-Swing-Glasses Given

I! e 116 you tine hnndeane wanna felting,
nu in nu)1n.vnn her on Main twin:

5 “‘am°"d rings’ *1 :3, :: .::;::::':: .::~:u::*..:::":t*::: “DO
Ieoh. ‘mu to-Cu. acne in uomy.

'1 Denny, a quarter 
gnd a dime. In a J0lUlSMFG.C0.D°P\356 AT'l'l.EB6RG.HASS 

One of . the .
rings, set with a 

two-Earat d i a - M I P, ’ .

pmon was just ‘

E; as good’ as the use e‘

" »d3y it W35 13-St ' BE rgtﬁan 0l'h:a!5l!)huBlé:i. histridesiahiad in the world
W1 Your e or in into your hole

gworn by Mrs. .» . . . . . h , .

 sins-A T h e Habit Cured or No Pay i::.%:.,:*:‘1c‘;:*,1‘:E;::‘::“.§E::iz,“:.*::e2.?:.°:.ir:,:
gtsother had_ a 5% yforn,eiaen.cicaret!ee.pipo,cl:owin¢on-snuff - - - hﬁpl-‘ﬁnes! 91’ misery.

' carat diamond gnnnleod. Harmless. Complain tteuunonl sent Which are YOU going 00 choose?

nah-Isl. Cone. 81.00 ifit curu. Nothing K it fails. H lth, St . ill (1 Virlll . P . no a
ounded b Y weefsnh nmlnesiuare tnéywkigﬁrghmm;

;‘ Eh t 8 m E 1 l  Co‘ M41’ B‘m“"  (Jame are ihe rich rewards oi scientiﬁc muscle me.et.ery_

» “stones. All these
vstones were miss- ’ Truth Never Told Before

Vin: _ except one air 
l:""s'lna]1 0ne' cjtoworkoreelgzxdrecretegonieon
, After the lawn aungchiqomonoiworeeomuum

U.

I186. Dc Iieeiﬁ-tallixpreeaprepgia, m'.,
3'33’ had been .5‘ itdéeeirod. euodome 

= I-I-Irhb laden in 1 helpful pinlnly wordeo ex hnauon oi the methods
a die writer me pnvsxcumv PER-

}. _ bl m.-_ .‘ ‘
%     \'~_ ‘J  IIIKAN and ﬁnd world-wid-o Rro(lele:i£'g::l
..  the missing

ha .
gs, the dog tweet. oi constipation. world-wearineee. fear. debimy an
3 a 3 suspected t e whole ugly horde of physical. menu] and aexu

    

r

 
  
  

 
 

on UH IAIK: II’!
he huh Lay he!
. his r in But

   
   

  
  
 

   

 
  

 

  

leaps out or every e and paragraph 0! my wonderful
new book, "DO I VVITH .\iL'SCLl-Ii" It ubeolutely
proves that every living mortal must stand or fall. conquer
or euccumb. rejoice or onize in exact proportion to the
strength. eoundnes Ln wholeeomeness oi his e

and internal muscular performance. And, reader. that
means YOUl

“Do It With Muscle!"

 

   

Bi  . _ __ _ dLiasordere ‘li?\.|.ltlntgdfT0!‘l%hlKIl0l‘8nO¢.f guleationnd foil . .
-neg vlnhl uetre w scores o ere re unpu
3! e t ncgh 1 nl; . OdQ|   I P liehed niperb cunera studies or myseu and pupils.

 
 

E; 0 In ' t h in g Boyel Ber echo (runny! Get Your C9
lawman ’° roved té :...:':.g;.. - “"7 '3: ’’
ehuuwi nit‘... of "DO IT WITH MUSCLE!" right away. It will give

  

end c,o-nrao In-31'-Ititiu you the clue to the mysveriee of me. No obligat‘ , no
Iggfm R‘ m ‘.1’ E‘; charge. Just send the coupon and one dime (10c.) as
‘ u... an evidence oi your genuine interest and to help defray

§he‘the eg of an
.:IIla‘rm clock.

     
 

_ Lac W a S ?;‘.‘l:{_.§;sr:£.'t'£:“;.:£f‘.?a:i';f.{:';.':1’ .....- my mum em.

 .......:-*‘° -.2.-.1-=;w~*z '+-=-

f:‘~?"‘°‘* andwas ""=-"‘."--m"' unﬁ-»n“'s‘-u-any LIONEL STRONGFORT

.-1,3001: to swallow _

some one Physical and Health Specialist for 25 Yean

Dept. 1484 _ Newark, N. 1., U. S. A.

 
   
 
 
   

inagested that .

_ ._ ustage pings" F d as Iv;'I‘hls Puzzle‘, ‘ i.........;-R51-:3,ooxcoupon-.-..-1
- as 9. test ~ 14 6

xu-a“‘°“u.e dog  01' in. . . 3 . 1- * :::>,‘:*=,L..%,“:.2::s,:?::.'... U. 5. A.

 ‘° *‘° “'8 Given 
o W «a
B"!!! overdo.

Send me my complimentary copy of "DO 1"!‘ W'I'l'H
MUSCLE!" for which I enclose om dime Me)
toward mailing expense. amuming no obligation. hie
new book may explain u-iv failure to attain complain
health. etrelg and happiness.

Name . . . . ...........................

     
 

.u.......o.......................

   
 

CIt!............................BYAOe..........

     

 If Newllair Doesn't Grow
After Using My Method
-10_o12’t Wmt as Penny!

I don't care how many treatments you have taken without results. lf my
new discovery won’t restore your hair, 1 don't want to keep a cent of

your money!
for others entirely FREE!

Furthermore I'll send you the proof of what I have done
Just mail the coupon below.

By ALOXS MERKE.

« PEER 17 years‘ experience in
A treating baldness—w h i c h
included long years of ex-
xrimentation in Heidelberg,
aris, Berlin, and other centers
of scientiilc research—I have dis-
covered a startling new way to
promote hair growth.

At the Merke institute,-Fifth
Avenue New York—which I
tounded——-I have treated scores
of prominent stage and social
celebrities. Many have paid as
high as $500 for the results I
have brought them.

Yet now, through a series of _
ingenious inventions, I have made
it possible for everyone to avail
themselves of my discovery—
right in their own homes, and at
a cost of only a few cents a. day!

My Unusual Guarantee

I know you are skeptical. I
know that you have tried erhaps
dosens ot diﬂerent remedes and
treatments without results. All
right. Perhaps treatment can-
not help you e ther. don't
know. But I do know that it has
banished falling ir and daudrul
for hundreds 0 others. I do
know that it has already given
thick luxuriant hair to people
who long ago had despalred of re ining their hair.
and I am so downri ht positive t at it will do the
same for you that I a solutely GUARANTEE to grow
new hair on your hesd——and it I fail, then the test

rm‘ Entirely New Method

What is my method!
is entirely diiferent

 

'enerl0dsnnuanusene¢ethea

(Dozens st isthrs like the M-
lswlss are resolved every day
by the lathe Institute)
"The top or my head is now
almost covered with new hair
about one-half inch low. I
have been tryins ﬁve years.
but could never Ind anything
Is make my hair grow until

sour treatment." 1'. c.

"'i'enyeerssson.vhairstsi-ted
I lling. lbur ysansss i db-
oaredsssrieetrullnsna. I
tried ninth

Actual Results It

 

from anything you ever

heard of. No massaging-— -

no siugeing—no "mange"
cur-es——no unnecessary
fuss or bother of any
kind. Yet results are
usually noticeable even
after the very ilrst few
treatments.

Many people have the
idea when the hair falls
out and no new hair ap-
pears. that the hair roots
are always dead.‘ I have
disproved this. ‘~Iv‘or I
have found in many cases
that the hair roots were
NOT dead. but merely
dsr-esti Yet even it the

 

Founder of Famous Merino institute, Fifth Avenue, New York

scalp is completely bare. it is now
possible in the ma ority of cases
to awaken these ormant roots,
and stimulate an entirely new

owth of hair! I KNOW this
{ll be tru¢.~—because I do it every

1 da .
srdinsry measures tailed be-
cause they did not penetrate to
these dormant roots. 1% make
a tree grow you would not
think of rubblng “growing fluid“
on the bark. instead you would
et ri ht to the roots. And so it
wit the hair.

There is only one method I
know about of penetrating direct
to the roots and getting nour~
isbment to them. And this
method is embodied in the treat-
ment that I now other you. The
treatment can be used in any
home in which there is electric-

t .

’A1ready hundreds of men and
women who only recent were
bald or troubled with th a tall-
ing hair, have through this
method, acauired hair so thick
that it is e envy and admira-
tion ot the friends. As for
dsndruﬂ an similar scalp dis-
orders, these usually disappear
shot the ﬂrst few applications.

Ben;ember~—l do not ask on to
risk "one pnw.” You try it an my absolute all it
delishted with the growth I
hair produced. then I'll risdly remrn every cant you have said mg
I donwwaatyouriaouuuulssslsrwuvhsiraayourhssd.

Free Booklet Explains Treatment

Ifyouwill zaerelydlliauidiasiitheosuponbslolviwil
gladly send you—withouI met or ebligat.ion—-an iutarﬁu II-
pags booklet, desaibins II! treatment in duail.

Ian bookietdo;It:idI:l ‘rauoh helpful intonation as the care
oi’ e hair—-an t on shows by actual phmosrapb what
treatment is doing for others. —

No matter how bald you are—-as matter if you are
held. this booklet will prove of deepest interest to you. Is
the coupon nw—snd it will be silt’ Wu bi return mail.

ALLIED MERKE INSTITUTES, Inc.,«

512 Fifth Avenue New York City, Dept. [55

ALLIED IEIK! INSTITUTES. IIO-c FOIL 355
I12 i-‘Iith Avenue. New York.

Please send me. without cost or obligation at I! put. I m I
the new booklet describing in detail the Ilerke lastiwlo Esme
frsauusnk
. . . . . . ....-............-t--............-..o-----..€..oeos

Name
A ddrels

 
 
 

. . . . . . . . . ...........-a--....-.............

 

 
 

 

 I

 

I Guarantee

To Train You Until You Are
Placed in a Position Paying
up to $250 and $300 a Month

Write and I’ll tell yoiihow I make you a first-
class, big-money-earning draftsman in avery
few months! I do this by a method no other
man nor institution can imitate. _I give you
personal training av_: home hy mail until you
are actually placed in a position paying up to
$250 and $300 8 month. Six thousand drafts-
men are wanted every month. -

Free Book

Send coupon Today E‘

h I th fut . Get
a‘-:.*“.:‘::::;:r:*s::mv°su,i,,”"nnasm° °’ :nsna3.- 333
out about the simply marvelous opportunities, 9
/now. How the world n‘eveﬁlst draftts$g1ﬁ;ngn|3¢;§
.mh,¢e¢,' ‘ 3 area
f‘. sibilities  £'}éid°s':”nd coupon f°1' ff” 5001‘ £0437-

Cliief Dnliman, Engineers Equipment Co-

IQSI lavroueo Ave. Dim B—-109 ' Chicaco. HI-

       
       
       
  
  
  
     

There is such an urgent demand for practical, trained Draftsmen that I
am making this special offer in order to enable deserving, ambitious and
bright men to get into this line of work. I will teach you to become a
Draftsman and Designer until you are Drawing a salary of $250.00 a
mouth. You need not pay me for my personal instruction or for the com-
plete set of instruments. But you must take advantage of this special offeratonce.

s a oath Salary
50 on the Side at Home! ‘

 2 -. That’s the kind of money my drafting students make.
fr‘ ’ Read what this one says: -

"As a beginner I am ‘doing ﬁne. Am earning a salary
of $300 per month, besides I made over $450 at home the
last two months, drawing plans for private parties.
practical drafting training you gave me by mail put me
where I am in less than six month ’s study. Thank you for
all your personal interest and help you gave me so far.’

  
 
       
   
       
       
       
   

 
 

The

(Signed) J. B.

(Name and address upon request)

5‘
2'
f
E
‘E
ii
-5
S

l umrr.

 

And vmrre—l give you a whole set of drafting tools the minute ym
become my student. You get every tool you need, A magniﬁcent
set of instruments which will build your success in draftunanahlp.

glllllll uuuuuIIIII-iinnuunuuullnun--nil -
, Chief Draftsman, Engineers Equipment Co.
1951 lawrenee Ave. Div. I:—li.;. Chic.;o,l]L
Without any obligation whatsoever. please mail your book.

"Successful Draft.smanship", and full particulars of your
liberal “Personal Instruction" oﬁer to few students.

New . . . . . . . ..‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Age.

.¢uoaoouo

Addrzii ‘

. . . . . . . . - . - o - o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . --cocoa...

P0V0ﬁ€¢...:.................. &¢|‘¢.....-uuoog

 

 

  

3 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

, —-—— I.A'l‘ES'I' ISSUES ——- -
I39»F«1-om :1 Cent to Fortune; or.’ A Chicago Roy‘: Great

D- ‘
MO A. ﬁtart in Life: or. A Poor
Il-l A Wldﬂ-AWRKR Boy:

Streak. 1'
942 Capturing this Money: or. How Ben_,Bnilc,v Nada
His Mark. ' ‘

M3 Digging for Gold; or. The Luck of a Bov Miner.
D4»: A Boy with Grit: nr, lvlwrninz an “OHM” T:lV‘lli-'-
016 Andy the ‘Mill Bay; or. Rising to the Top,
946l'amo Before Hw Fivntllzhiaz
R'\5SPll tho Theatre.

_Uaeful, instructive. and Amusing. Thy 

 

With n W! nlng

The Boy ‘Who

M7 Lm~k_v Loo tho 0:‘ﬁ.g.- lhy; or. 'l‘lw’NPrvl.~st Lad in

I48 Sure in Get Rich: or. A Smart Young Messenger.

M9 Pushing: it ’i‘hi-mwh: or. The Fnlc of n Lucky Day.

I60 A Burn Speculator; or, The Young Sphinx.of Wall
St

 

.2.
951 The my to Succossz; or. The Boy Who Got 'l‘hel'e.
A52 Struck Oil; or. The Boy Who Made 9 Million.
953 A Golden Risk; or. The Young Miners of Dcllll

954 A 31'?!‘ Winn:-r; or, Tho Bo'_v Who Went Out \Vl"l '1

 

 

For rule by all ucvvsdl-alert. or will be neat to any nul-
dreon on re-4-olpt or price. ‘lo. per copy. In mono, or pos-

 

TIIE FOLLO WING NUMBER

055 Golden Fleece; or, The Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
856 A Mad Cup Sclu-me; or, Tlhu Boy Treasure Hunters

rking His Way to For-

PBICE 3 CEN'l‘.i

of (‘or-as l~‘l'\nd.
057 Adrift On the World; or. We

958 Playing to Win: or, The Foxle-st Boy in Wall Street
. Tan»-rid: nr. :1 llov
A Young Monte Cristo; or,Q'I‘he Richest Boy in the

won by Pluck: or. Tho ‘Boys W'ho Ran n Rnilronri.
BPtlHT\'.' the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Could“ C

F‘rnm thu Slums.

  

A ltolllni: Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on Rer-or-"I.
lo; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy

Valley.
Boss of the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
The» "lmnm of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of
Striving for Fortune: or. From Bell—Boy to Million-
’ l‘P

Out for Business; or. The Smartest Boy in Town.
A Favorite of Fortune: or. Bu-lkln_ﬁ it Rich in Wnll

Street.
Y Through Thick and Thin:

{oval Best; or. Workin
;Alwayn on Deck: or. The Boy
hi rk.

A )a‘i)i‘x‘1‘t'.of Money: or. The Young Wall Street
Ladder of Fame:
V 23.9‘:-h'sei %’o‘ll:l:!’I:e :05’:-."l"l",l!i,o,s1'“l.I:IS-.’k.i“es‘:fBa¢:‘y n the Want.

Winninz the dollars: or .'l‘ho Young Wonder of
d L ‘Mg’;-kt or. The Boy Who Became
Heir to a Million: or. The Boy Who Was Born
 V; to Kudos: 01'. The Treasures of the Buried

Onﬁﬂyig Mettle; or. A Pluclry Boy in Wnll Street.
_ l ' lunar K. wou-r. Publisher. lne._,
_ 3ﬁ_\,lY,as‘¢ use strict

‘or, The Adventures oz 1

or. From Oillce Boy to

l-brightest and most valuable little bpokn ever (inn

 

New York Cit!

  

hank Idol it «t
or eon:tructlon end

can 0'
gain by ‘iﬁgle

most recent elnncel

 

u

out: TEN-CENT HAND nooxs ‘

   
   
   
     

Valuable Information on Aland
Every Subject. '

 

\

In. 1. NAl'0l.I'.‘0N'S OIKACULUM AND BREAK
l£00K.—(.‘oumiuing the great oracle of human deltlny:
also the true nwanlup; of almost any kind of dreamt.
tI)|{(Elhl'l' with charms, ceremonies, and curious glues off
(‘ll I‘! S. .
No. 2. HOW To Do 'l‘BlCKS.—’I'he great hook or
mmziv and «-an-«I tricks. containing full instruction on all
the lmuilmz card tricks of the day. also the most popular
inazicul illusions as performed by our leading magi-‘
clans; i‘VV‘T)' boy should obtain a copy of this book.

No. 3. HOW TO I-‘LlB'l‘.-The arts and wiles of R3154
tlon are fully cxplniuo-d by this little book. Besides the
various methods of handkerchief, fan. glove. pnrasoi.
wimlmv and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the-
lnnzuuvzc and sentiment of flowers. v .

No. 5. HOW TO HAKE LO\’lS.—.\ complete guide to
low. mmrtsiiip and mﬁrrl.-age. giving sensible advice.
rnlu-4 and e-viquo-tte to be ohserved. with many curious
and interesting things not generally known.

No. 7. HOW To KEEP BIRDS.-Handsomely
traicd and vnntuining full lnstructlnnofor the managcw
ment and training of the canary, mockingbird, bobolint.
binckbird, pnroqnet. parrotuetc. '

No. 8. HOW TO BECOME A 8CIE.V‘l'l8'I‘.—A. useful
and instructive book. giving a complete Ueatisc 0
chmnistry: also experiments in acoustics, meehanleﬁ
mathom:xtlc.~l. chemist y. and directions for making lin-
works. colored lines. and gas; balloons. This bookcas-
M15 be °““ﬁ‘8‘%'v 0 mcou ~\ nu upon 7  '

mm '.L . .l'.'. \‘.'E IKE’,
By Ilarr Kennedy. Every intelligent boy 
book of instructions can master the art, and creatmauy‘
amount of fun to. hi u elf and friends. It in the (math
est book ever pul>li._.1ed. , ,
So. 10. HOW To BOX.—'l‘he art of self-defense '
r:is,\'. Containing’ .ver thirty illustrations of ' it
blows and the oiﬂerent positions of a good
live-ry lmv should obtain one of these useful Ind‘
structivc books. as it will teach you lvw to box 4-

out an instructor. ‘-
0 WRITE LOVE-LE'1“l'IB8.-—A.,u

    
     
 
 

    
    
   
   
  
  
  
     
 
        
    
      
   
  
   

lllusf

    
 
   
       
   
     
      
    
        
 
 

         
    
   

   
    

   
  

No. ll. H0 '1‘
c0lnple‘tc- littl book, containing full directions for V
in: love-letters. and when to use them. (“ring 3 »- -
letters for your: and old. 1
No. I3. no 1'0 no 11'; 08. noon or lrti‘
Qt’!-:'l"l‘lL‘.~lt is a great life secret, anqyno that any
ynuuxi uni.-in desires to know all about.‘ There|'happl-
nos: :1 t.
No. Ill. HOW TO KEEP A WLVDOW GL3Dﬂﬂ‘
Con‘;,ainir‘uzb lull itnstructlons for congtggting a window
gar en 9 t er I: own or coun ry, In most I paovﬁ
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers nt ,-
W;:‘ °::°v:::;‘.:°::.°:..*.h:,...*“d  ......,
o. . n 1 '
tlon in the art of dressing and n paring ‘gun at hem“,-
and abroad. giving the selectio I of colorl, in‘ ..
and how to have them made up. ,
No. 18. HOW 1'0 BECOKE Bl:All‘rl!'lJI..—onp or

 
   
 
   
   

 
 
 

 
    

 
  
  
    
       
 

   
 
  
 

 
  
 

the world. Everybody wishes to know how to =~ .
beautiful, both male and female. The secret in sun
and almost coltlen. ‘: '
No. 20. How 1'0 ENTEBTAIN Ax lvllll
PAl!.1'Y.—A complete compendium of‘ s
curd dlvenionm. comic recltations, etc.. all (able.-Io: «
lor or drawlnxra-nom entertainment: It contains
for the money thnn anv book published. . K
No. 22. HOW TO DO SECOND SIGHT;-114-|lrr' #3
mid sight ex lnined by his former assistant. Fred :_:'5;,—;-
Jr. Explain as how the socxrt dinloxuen were, 
on between the magician and he boy on thcihu
giving all the code: and sit aln._ »
0. I8. OW To EXBLRIN D  ,
hook given t e explanation to all kinda of drunk
gether with me y and unlucky dayn. v -\
No. 88. HOW TO TELL !0l'ﬂ1Nll.-—lvory~bir
desirous of knowing hit his future ltfnvvilllmug
whether happiness 0 her]. We_Ilth‘¢I' 90191:!‘
can tell by a clnncﬂ 8! little .
convinced. -

   
   
  
 
     

  
 
   
  
 
 

   
 

  
      
    
 
      

 

    